no_text2
. THB •¦-§ UIO2AT C-lX^Ii»THE SUNDAY C AH.ru
3cause I know I can never be happy again.
— without you."
She allowed her hands to remain in m*
and their eyes met end there was one
moment's silence. She was the nrst to
speak, then her words were: > „
"You must try to be happy with me.
After a few moments ihey were seated
on the sofa, side by side. -¦ *
"My father." she said, "will do any thin,
that I ask him to da for my h.ippines*.
Ftut we must r.ot leave him for long, a.
thcugh I am afraid I could go to the end
of the world with you." .,
"You will not have to go very far." ha
said, with a bright smile, '(.reemalo
was bought for me— it la now yours.
"You have bought Grccnvale? Urcenvalo
''"^"our'p." he said. i-rtK-lng her hand.
"But why did you never tell me before
this? I thousht you wer* peor."
"It was a humor of mine, he answered.
" Ml my vanity. I suppose. X wanted to
know whether anv woman— I mean
whether you— could care about me for my.
•elf The old place belonged to my peo
ple and I suppose I printed to keep it in
the family, and now I am keeping It for
•"But your name— Soulhwold'"
"Southwold was my mother's name."
he said tenderly. "She never belonged to
this place, no one knew anything about
her, and I didn't want to be recogniicd
when I came back here, and so 1 took tici
name. It was the only name I then car«d
to take. But now I shall return to m,
old name. Laxmore. and you shall b>ai
lt. too. and wa shall keep up Greenv"c
together."
"'And we shall have an old-fashlone'l
Christmas next year." she- -exclaimed
"and every year while we live."
And so our Christmas atory comes to aa
library, the windows of which were shad
.ed by trees whose branches were now sli
ver with a frost appropriate to the sea
son. The library was a favcrlte resort of
hers, a place for. retirement and contem
plation, even when she did not happen to
be In the mood for books. This day <the
did not take a volume from the shelves.
She stood at the window looking out.
Suddenly she heard a tread on the «oft
thick carpet behind h-er— the sound of a
footfall which made her start and trem
ble, and turning around she saw that Er
nest Southwold was standing before her.
There \va« a momcnl'» silence and then
he spoke. -.:•
"I have been looking for you outside.
Miss Milllcent." he said, "and then I 'o
membered that you were sure to be her*.
I shall have to be going away very soon,
and so I wanted to see all I could of
you." • ' ,
"Yes.." *he rerlled. blankly, "but why
must you go away soon?" .
"Well, my vWt must come to an en»1,
and I must go my way."
"I am so sorry. I hope you enjoyed thl*
old fashioned English Christmas?"
She spoke with great difficulty and did
not seem In the least like her usual fear
less self.
"Yes, It was an Ideal Christmas. I never
before enjoyed anything so much, and I
don't expect to enjoy anything so much
ever again." , .
"What a gloomy view to take of life!"
She did not know what else to say.
¦"I. almost wish I. had never come here."
he said. ' "I almost wish I had never seen
— you." .. ¦>;¦-. •• ¦-
"Oh, Mr. Southwold, how. can you speak
like that?" and with an Involuntary,
movement sheheld out her hands to him
imploringly.
He caught .her hands In his.
"I can't help saying It," he said, "be-
We'ghall no; attempt anything like a de
scription yt iliobe Cfi.u-iK.as fediivicies; it
is tuough, lor uur purpo-e, to miy that
they satisrica the fondest imaginings oi
young Southwold, and that they tiiu not'
bi.eni \vhol»y unsati^fuctcry even to the
mind of the mistress of tne revels, ¦¦who
had organized and conducted them. But
there was growing up In the mind of that
inlptress of .the revels a feeling which
somehow ee^metl- to sadden even the best
of the revelry. The thought was forcing
Itself upon her more Impressively with
every moment that that Christmas was
destined to be a decisive epoch In het
life. She knew that she had never been
in love before, and now she knew that "«he
actually was in lov*>. Everything In the
world was changed for her. She admitted
nil this frankly and fully to herself; she
attempted no mental evasion of if strove
for no concealment of It. She was In love
with young Southwold. a man of, whom
Fhe knew nothing but what she haj hoard
from his own somewhat shy and hesitat
ing liiis, and she knew that " she had
brought- this on herself by -the heedless
manner In which ; she had tried to play
the- part -of a Christmas hostess to the
stranger. And then sho knew nothing—
at least, she knew nothing for certain
of. the stranger's feelings toward her'
That he enjoyed her society, that he liked
to he with her, that his eyes brightened
when they met; was quite certain: those
who love are not always blind." whatever
love himself may he. and Elsa had very
clear sight. But she could not tell how It
was with him, she could not tell whether
and a yu!e lc~, and there was snap
uiagon, and tlu.^ \.cre tiinsimas chimes
iTd waits: ijtr.fi ttitrt were Christmas trees
for the childien ard liberal K'fis to the
pcoTj and. in fact, the genuine spirit of
ihe old-time Christmas seemed to have
Icon invoked for that special celebration.
"Well. I don't know that there Is any
thing particularly, unpleasant in. the news,
papa. The. place has ; been empty all this
long time. < I never knew anything about'
Major Laxmore myself. I never even saw
him— he was never there." ,
"Ves, that's true enough; but one" doesn't
like the old .places getting into new
hands." - .
"It depends on who the new hands are."
said' Elsa, with a smile, "and I dare Bay
"1 hi^Vf just heard some news," Sir
Peicy satd. "Dr. Wragge has arrived
lrom London. 'and he 'tens' me' the story.
ui:e wouiu havu thougnt vvu mignt have
known '.it -here first, but then, we didn't,
lou haven't Heard anything, Eisa." Have
you, about Cjrtcnvale and uiwieignborly
old ilajor Laxmore?"
"No, dear ,".' lib t u word, except that
tintfivali! is going to be tMilti, but. we knew
that long ago. dion't we?"
"It is sold, Klsa— Laxmore has sold It
out-and-out, and to a total stranger, so
Wraggo t«;lls me. 1 think W'raggo has a
positive' genius for finding out unpleasant
news; ami being the first to bring It.' Of
course the place was not. entailed, but
still — " . ,
JueC Ut ihi.s iiioiiitui. u .t i'crcy Milliqent
came up and joii-cu tucm. 'ihey wefj
siu..uiny on th»- cuge of u little lake in
iroi;t 01 thri hall. ' ¦
' 1 am «.u^ .. ou are not a man." he said.
who lends vJi Kind or i;fe : that' came to 1
nay lot is i/iiin t.a.iuhni ur cubntmt u;.U
Utontha m a place wneie )uu must. 0.0 ». v
fiythir.g fci jua self, ' r«r t;ie £ ,uj rca^jn
that jou ctta 1 «.ouiu upon o cu...o uu/ o.»t
tihf 10 Uo ai.)ii»;.a lor ,>..j ui Cub rlgni.
Uluf.". •_ • ....
"1 should like to lead suc-ii u life,"* Bht
Eaill, UiUUi'llLlu.... . " i ...>.^.., o* C^ui'88, .1
1 WlitV a l.iUil." ¦¦'»';
'A few. days glided' happily along In the
home of Sir Percy and Elsa. where of
course Southwold was now: a guest. The
weather was seaeraJ!}' fine ana bright,
"" "You are the kindest friends I have met
for many a Ions day," he answered; "and
I am only too clad to be with you a little
longer,' and anyhow my relatives 'are not
likely to knpw anything about my coming
or going."
.''You won't refuse us the pleasure of
your company,", she asked, timidly, "if
wo should happen to be anywhere near
your relatives?"
Then It suddenly occurred to her that he
might have some objection to spending his
Christmas In Warwickshire if his surviv
ing relatives, whoever they might be, had
their abode there.
"Warwickshire!" she exclaimed. "Why,
our county, Is Warwickshire. We are
bringing-' you to Warwickshire. We have
a house In London, but Warwickshire la
our home. I think this is a most delight
ful coincidence."
/"I think you will say." he answered
with a smile, "that It was a coifnty/to be
proud of. It was Shakespeare's own
county— Warwickshire." • '•' '';:¦.-';.
M-reams and flowers, where 1 lived whrn
I was a child, when 1 never knew that
England was divided Into coun'.Ies. It w;i?
out In Colorado that I first learned the
name of the county we used to live In;"
"Well," she asked, eagerly, "what coun
ty was it?"
talk with young Southwold. and his desire
to see an English Christmas, his' long ab-~
sence from England and his melancholy
admission that he had as yet- no friends
there and no relations who appeared to
care about him.
"I told you he had some sad story be
hind him." the girl exclaimed? in a tone
of triumph.
"Look here, papa." the girl said ear
nestly. "I have a grand idea. Let us in
vite him to our place and I'll get up a reg
ular old-fashioned Christmas for his es
pecial benefit."
"My dear Elsa. what do you know about
old-fashioned Christmases?" ;>,
"I'll read it al! -up: I'll look over the
hocks in the library when we get" homo:
111 study Dicker.?, and Washington Irvin,-;
and Ashton's 'Old Times' and all sorts nf
things, and I shall be mistress of the rev
els, and you'll fes If I <ion't manage things,
well and get up a genuine old-fashioned
Christmas to welcome the return of the
native." .
So she patted her father triumphantly,
en the snculder and they went on deck
together. The sea was comparatively
smooth: the moon v;a3 shining and South
weld was walking up and down the deck.
Sir Percy accosted him in his usual
genial fashion and the three were soon
pacing the deck together.
Eisa Mlllicent was an impulsive, ro
mantic, absolutely natural and unaJTecte-.l
girl. Her mother's early death had left
her for many years under her father's
sole care and Sir Percy had no idea of ai:y
other way to bring u;, a daughter thar.
Just to spoil her by letting her do prct'.y
much as she pleased in everything.
. Elsa had been Interesied in her fellow
passenger., Mr. Southwold, from the time
cf their first meeting on the American
side cf the Niagara Falls. She was at
tracted toward him In the beginning be
cause he seemed lonely, and then because,
in the course of their conversations it
ccrrc cut that, thovgh he was an English
man by birth he bad not' seen his native
country since his childhood; and the
thov.ght it charmingly odd and Interesting
that her father and she should be his cbm
iaricrrs en his first return voyage.
"So we .-hail be in Liverpool to-morrow
f venirg." she said, as the three, weil
wiapfcd in coa*.3 ard furs, were walking
the deck and enjcy.'ng the open air. chilled
though it was. "You must bp very gl-id
to ste your native eauntry so soon
at'a ; n."
"I feel rather, nervous, somehow." ne
fa!d. *'I am afraid cf being disappointed.
I have teen making an ideal England in
my mind all these years, and now I shall
fcrgJn to wor.cer what I shall feel if it
«:i turns out different from what I have
been cxpcct!r.g. And then 1 have enjoyed
this voyage ever so muc:i, and I don't
know bow thinps may be with me when
I get on shore."
"Well, yc'u must let us take care of you
tor the lirst few days." Sir Percy said.
"You have given me your promise, you
know."
"iou have no friends in England?" the
gin askeu. sympathetically.
"No friends in England as yet," he
answered- and his tone, while he spokb
the v.-ords "as yet" had a peculiar «xprc3
elon In it. " • A- '-::'•}:'<
"Were your relatives rich people?" she
asked. c-J-
"Yes. I believe po. I have no doubt they
are, but their ricre3 are rio't of much ac
count to me Just now," he replied. "I have
no one now to look after whom they and
their money could possibly help, even if
the help were likely to.be offered."
"Oh, I don't mean that." she said, earn
estly. "I was only anxious to know wheth
er they could have helped your father and
mother if they had known."
"Ves. they could," he answered; "tut
very likely they did not know anything
about us, and I don't want them to know
anything about me now."
Sho thought :t natural that the subject
should bring a glcom with it for him. and
she was sorry she had said a word about
his relatives, and promptly determined to
talk about something else.
"You have never asked where we liveJn
England," she said. "You have given us
your promise to spend Chrlstman with us
and the days between this and Christmas,
and had not even the. curiosity to ask
what county we live In."
"The truth is," he: said, with a smile,
"England is only England to me — just a
place with flelds and woods acd quiet old
He found Ms daughter trying to get
T.rr.i/fwmc-nt out cf c novel which she had
hcrroved from the ship's library, and she
vai only too glad to have a chance of
poing on deck and looking at the waves
and the moon. Before they went up, how
•vrr. her father told. her about the short
"The aljbt seems line, for n vronder,"
fir Percy raid, "and there is positively a
ir.-ion; I «hall pret my daughter to come
CD deck for a little. The voyage is nearly
over n« T7. ?nd she ha? not yet seen the
::iocn rpon the ocean."
-We mot him first at Niagara," Sir
Vcrcj answered, "and wo traveled on to
pethcr to K«w Ycrk. but we only got
there in time to catch the steamer. He
wp.p in a hurry to s?t to England, and we
wcr«- in a hurry to get home. He seems
n sine vour.s fellow, but melancholy nome
liow. My dauphtcr has made up her mind
thr.t he must have a story behind him."
Lr. \'. rasue iv.-.s the second of the elder
C.u.fn.cr.. "1 dare &ay if you have 'made
;our pile.' os they say out West, your re
i:itiLi.s v.ill bo glad mouRh to see you if
1L1 y irS at iiil hkc rc.at:ons in general. I
Ct n't L».i.«i\e in r«lntions m>s«jf.- 1 don't
ll.:r.l; v. nsr.n c.-.rcs a bit rr.crc for an
c./.cr rnan 6;nn;iiy because the other man
i? a'hat we c«:l his Jirst cousin. I don't
!.. :W'V« la what is called the voice, of
i ..-.;i:rc. tc.«.-n<-c knows nothing abuut ua
iUie." .'"."•-, i;", 1 '"/-" 1
Jt may be as well to K-.y at or.ee that
:lie l.arr.e of the young man was registered
!:i the jiassc ngeru' list as Ernest
j&mes fcouihwgld, Lately of Santa Bar-
Ima. Cal. houihwolU toon alter went on
detk.
•jvncv.n him lent,-?" Dr. Wrarce asked
of Sir Percy.
¦ 1 vj/t-udis aitogeitiir on the conditions
< :' : L/jur return home." Dr. Felix Wragge
:.u th'fcc rca:r. wh«r! 1 was tryir.3 to
ruj^ a riphi lor V.ia. and I don't E-o why
Ji.ij sl.ou.u caiic to hear anything about
liis j:ard*om«> face seemed ttr darken as
!.• ;;-oke there wordr.
"I relieve I *"avr> «cnu: relation?, l.ut 1
<K:i't know ar.;-lh:rg ;:boi:t them, and I
Ccn't 1 ro;-ose to gu cut cf ray va.y to
l».< k ti.cm un. They don't *>et?m to have
taitd to I5r.tf rut rr.uch about me dur.ns
••I 1 a\ c sryrr.r letters oi introduction."
f-nid 11. e your.g n:an slowly, "and I sup
pose I shs"! ir.ake frierd? in that way."
•'No i«.iui:ot.i :si England ?" Sir Percy
ru-*«:<l with :>ii expression of tiriiliy inter
est.
"Well. well, we m-jst not discourage our
:<t;r.E friend,*" Eir Percy, said, pood
1 umoredly. "1 s;! : l hope he may be able
10 fa! I in far an o!d -fashioned Christmas
.* .:::' where. You tare friends in Er.5lz.xd,
1 M-p; cse?" and ho turned to the young
rra:'. tga'.n with a ger.ial smile
"Dut :cu T-cn't lird much of the o'd
<"hrifc-t:n;iP goirjrs on left in English life
Jufi now." said the other of the eiders.
The speaker was a hale. f.nc-loo'.:!ns:.
rather stately man cf about fifty, whom
anybody with tin eye for the types cf
EngUsb social life would have set down
a: a glance as a county magistrate in
a hunting district. His name was Sir
iVrcy Jli.licent. ar.d his hom«» was in one
<:f •¦¦; < ? Er.gr!is«h vrA<i'.ai.<i counties.
"Yts. yes: our fricnJ Is an Englishman."
k.«<1 the third of the group. "I found that
out long ago."
"Then you are an KngHshraan?" one of
the other Englishmen said. In a tone of
Mme *-urprise. "I never should have
thought it."
Thi>y were three men. saloon passengers,
sciitt-d together late one evening in the
of an Atlantic liner. The
man who had just spoken v/» the ycung
ert of the three. He was probably under
thirty, but he had a somewhat weather-,
beatm face and "a complexion that
«-<mrd to tell of an open-air li£e. South
ern climates, and adventure. He was tall
n:id strongly built, and looked rather like
what certain English travelers, arc apt
to t«'rm a "foreigner." even when they
come across the foreigner in his own rm
tive land. The young man <lld not cer
tainly look like a typical Englishman, and
looked still less like a typical Yankee.
THE fact i«=. I cross at this season of
the year just because I want to see
an English Christmas. I have not
been in England since 1 was a child.
and the brightest recollection of the old
country I have always carried with me is
that of Christmas-time, and I want to see
an English Christmas ail over again as
soon as I can."
although now and then wintry, 'and Elsa
was. able to show her guest a good deal
of the surrounding country. She had him
very much to. herself for. two or three
days because the, guests were not to ar
rive until the day before Christmas eve.
They rambled about the grounds when the
winter sun shone and th<>y rode and
drove and recounted with pride how many
miles. they had accomplished .-.within a cer
tain time along the, surrounding roads by
the speed of their bicycles. Elsa wa3
amused. and delighted to find that her
guest seemed to be able to turn his hand
to everything that called for firmness of
touch, quickness of eye, steadiness of
nerve and practical craftsmanship. ¦¦: - .
"lou see," he said once. "I have been
obliged to become a sort of Jack-of-all
trades during many years of my life. "One
ft won't affect us. much, in any case.. Wo
|.vere talking about an old place in the
•north of this coun.ty, Mr. South wold: Its
, owner lives abroad mostly. .. I might have
- taken you to see it, but -it is rather far
away for a. winter expedition, and I don't
suppose you would much care to see It."
"I am very happy where I am," South
wold said, gravely. . '--.-.,.
Then the conversation turned upon other,
subjects and presently the group went in
to luncheon, at which Dr. Wrasrge was to
make one of the company.
The Christmas festivities soon set in
nnd never had there been such festivities
known there in Elsa Milllcent's time. Elsa
organized everything herself, and she
made it clear that she had been endowed
by nature with, a perfect genius for the
part of mistress of the revels. The boar's
head, with garlands decked and rosemary,
as the old verse has. It. was borne In for
the Christmas dinner table.. There were
Christmas games and Christmas dances
in which the servants Joined, and the holly
and ivy and mistletoe hung everywhere,
and: there was a Christmas wassail bowl,
he had not loved before, whether he was
not In love with some other woman now,
whether, in any case, in leaving her home
he might not go away and forget her. If
he cared for her. If he really cared for
her; or was likely to care for her, as she
felt sure she cared for him, then all might
come right. Her father, she knew, would
never-mar her happiness merely because
her. lover might be poor, and Sir Percy
had spoken to her again and again about
their guest in language which showed
that the young man had Inspired conn
dence and aroused admiration In him.
But then — but then — the question arose,
what right had she to Indulge herself In
the hope that the stranger felt to her as
she knew she felt to him? The day was
fast approaching when the Christmas rev
elries were to come to an end. and the
last of the guests was to leave the place,
and Southwold.. having accomplished by
her -help his quest of an old-fashioned
English Christmas, would leave the place
to putsuo whatever plans he had fash
ioned or meant to fashion for hia life.
Elsa had found her way into the old
THE SUNDAY SS33
4
His Ideal Christmaspeople,- we arc told, are gains: Into profes
sions. The automobile will, in a measure,
put a stop to that."
"I don't see how."
"People who doctor horses must be
"Well, there's one thing the automobile
Is going to do for this country, anyway.
It's going to reduce the professional
classes. V>~c hear a gTeat deal lately
about overcrowded professions. Too many
"I must urge the wisdom ot your
friend's advice," spoke Mr. Ralston.
"Yea, yes." r.he cried, "we .will find the
place where he lies at peace. "Wo will
Btrow flowers on his grave and the tears
ycu will shed shall comfort you."
"That I cuuld weep." cried Judith. "Ah.
happy tears!" And she laughed bitterly.
"Ho lies in no churchyard," she an
swered. Nor did scorn rather, than grief
cpcik in her voice. Drusilla caught her
hand and bathed it in tears and klsse3,
fcr It teemed to her that sudden sorrow
had turned her poor friend's wits. ;
"V/alt," cried Drusilla. "Crave you not
to knew what manner of death was his?
Let us flnd out in what churchyard he
lies." ,*¦£ . l?i
There was slleneo for many moments.
Her head drooped low. She reached blind
ly for her companion's hand, "Let us go."
Mr, Thorr.«2yke shrugged his shoulders.
"He was a weak follow," ho said, "and ho
died o' grlet because his cousin jilted
him." r~i-\? :l'._ ..' ;,
"Ingrates! Idiots!" he sputtered, amidst
shouts of admiring laughter: "write home
to the company that" sent ye boasting that
unlike the Plymouth Colony, ye were to
form a settlement, not weakened by the
presence of women and children, that
'twas that poor, weak, despised little col
ony that saved ye sixty stalwart bache-
"Captain Shrimp! -Captain Shrimp!" -he
'cried, "thou art a little chimney easily
fired!" ' ¦¦ .*.-""" ~" - ~~ __
The mighty little captain struck him an
ineffectual blow on the head- with the flat
of his sword.
The wag of the company, limping be
cause of an arrow which had struck his
leg. mimicked the soldier's expression. \
"Hush," said Judith, "the others are
coming back."
Now, these worthless fellows neither
greatly feared God nor loved man, and the
fact that they had Just escaped massacre
they perversely regarded, as a jest rather
than a dispensation of a divine and merci
ful Providence. They came shouting back,
encircling two of their : number who car
ried the diminutive ¦ captain ; hoisted in
the air between them. He was red and
angry. ) .. -' ¦
"They told me you had gone under an
assumed name with a set of dissolute
young men to America," she said broken
ly. "While you remained in England pride
withheld me from , you. but When I heard
your fortune was gone and that you had
left, the country, then I followed you,
taking that little gentlewoman for my
companion. A distant relative' of. my
mother's lived at Plymouth and so I
nought him out. establishing myself as
hxs guest. : There I learned your wheri»-
Something seemed to grip his heart. Tho
past o'erwhelmed him with memories bit
ter-sweet; the future loomed- large with
possibilities of which he dared not think.
They were at a turning of the forest path.
He drew Judith back. The company was
passing from the woods Into the open.
He saw the dancing head of the Indian,
grotesque and terrible, against an open
space of sky. The sun had set. but tii-a
afterglow made bright the air.
Dusk was falling in the new forest.
Eut, faintly, luminous as a. Illy '..In. the twi
light, he could see the beloved. and wept
for features. The golden hair, fell In the
well-remembered ringlets, but the. mouth
he had~~lAssed was drooping npw as he
had never seen it droop before: the merri
ment was gone from the blue and match
less eyes. • "•• .
Judith paused and pushed back her hoorl
and .veil. "Henry." she said, "have you
no word of love"- for' ine? My pride is
broken." - - ?
He was lookine, into • the- lace, of the
woman he had loved and lost."''
The* wrist he held trembled.
"Madame." he said, releasing her. "I
am rebuked. Cover . your face and \ you
will. I were, a brute to have spoken as I
did. Ah, Ithave sunk low that »I show
violence toward a woman. I am •become
bo worthless that I . have] lost even the
right to reproach her whose folly wrought
my Injury," •• V X"- '. -;
He turned and seized her wrist.
"Judith!" he cried fiercely, "J "know
you! I " knew your voice: ' I knew your
laugh. Do you seek to play with me
again? The heart I once had to be broken
by a woman's faithlessness; Is dead with
in me. Uncover your face or, by heaven,
I swear I will tear the cloak from you
myself!" .
"What booted. his forgiveness • to her?"
he asked. "She consoled herself with an
other lover." " ¦
"I krew her well," said. Judith!- "A mad
cap girl and wild, yet ghe loved but once.
The lover 'she accepted' was. from, pride,
but she broke with him." - .
'/The Jilt!" cried Mr. Thorndyke.
.""Whom did she marry, then?"
"Marry? She married not, but has ever
loved her cousin."
"Nay," she cried * sharply; then » added
more quietly:- "Tell me. did. Sir Henry
forgive his cousin before he died?"
"Madame," he said humbly, "pray
that you will put your cloak aside and
permit me to see your face before we
Mr. Thorndyke was first to" break the
silence between himself and his-compan
ion. . ;.v f '; : ?
Judith walked last with Mr. Thorndyke.
In front of them Drusilla trudged wearily
by Mr. Ralston's side. "'¦¦.>
tain Shrimp," called out .the .waff, of the
colony.
Captain Standlsh shut his mouth grimly
and spoke not again the rest of the
march. He had been deeply shocked to
perceive there were two women in the
rogues' company, but he was .thankful to
note that they had shown sufficient de
cency and shame to draw their cloaks so
closely as to evade recognition.
He sank back into his chair. "Oh." ha
murmured, nodding. -'Ah-h-h!" And he
dropped his hand from his sword.
He sprang to his feet, h!s hand on W3
sword. He met the merry blue eyes of
his kinswoman.
"Captain Shrimp! Captain Shrimp!"
mocked a laughing voice. "Thou art a lit
tle chimney easily fired!"
As he sat breathing hard, his trate eyes
fixed on the door, whence the searsd
wench had disappeared, a white hand was
laid on his arm.
The low room, was cheerful ta tlt^ yel
low candle-light. At tha windows hlT
guests had hung holly wreath*, the red;
berries bright amidst the glossy green;;
leaves. He thought cf tha two loner
women wanderlns-ta' the cold and wo*
with the snow that had begun to Xa.lt
again. In the goodness of his- heart ha de-»
termlned to summon the night watchman
and search' for them; he feared his harsh
manner had frightened them away. HI*'
tender conscience pricked his ohdorio
temper so that he grumbled at his raeil'
and fidgeted, restraining himself some
what because of the presence of hla
guests. But when a dish he relished well
was set before him most Illy cooked he
flung It on the floor and shouted at hla
•wench.
of the hearth for him.
In an ill humor ho aat down to> hl3 sap-'
per, which had been kept warns in front'
I To his annoyance ne discovered that th«
two women had not presented tnemselres
at his home. His wench affirmed she had
caught no glimpee at them. The only
other persons- In the house wero two gen
tlewomen, late of London, oam of whom
was his distant kinswwman and the other'
her companion. H© found them arttlng"
In the Mvlng-roonv.wltli their embroWery.
They' had not seen the strangers.
It was well on in the evening wnen hd
sought his home. Ravins seen to It wltn:
outward gruffnessbot Inner softness that
a good supper slipped down tha hungry
throats of the rogTiea. . . •[• ¦ '.,-¦ •
¦'•"¦-.;>¦¦ • • * • „ * '• ¦ ¦
Now, Captain StandJsh knew that ho
could find suitable quarters for the bach
elors in the fort and innhouse-. but tho
two women he directed to his house ajid
advised them to go thercc and to- sit mod
estly and with decency in a corner of the*
kitchen and to hold no converse with hl»
nerving-wench; who was- a worthy woman.
Neither were they to thrust their finger*.
Into the Christmas rtalntlcs that wooltf
likely be cooling on the table.
. "Waste not tears on the past. Judith,"
he answered. "Life Is short and we hav»
wasted much of It. What avalleth bit
terness and reproach? What profiteth
pride or regret? To-morrow where shall
we be? Let us be wise at last, sweetheart.
Comfort and peace we shall find in each
other. Oh. my heart tolls me it la not too
late, not too late!"
Judith crept, sobbing, into his anna.
abandon it? My heart knows only this
wish and tears for the past."
A dead leaf fluttered down between
them. The rising winter wind blew chill
about them.
"Ah. Henry." sno said, "do you mind
you of the happy Christmas eves that
once we knew?"
abouts. The life you were leading.lay en
my conscience —and I loved you,.Henry,
Too late I knew my heart. I beseech you
to leave this life. Ah. you have indeed
chanced to sink to this! Will you not
graduates of veterinary surgical schools,
and they must pose as professional people.
Men who doctor automobiles will be black
smiths—that's alL"—Chicago Times-
Ileraia
"Bend down," whispered Drusilla. She
glanced toward Mr. Thorndyke, who. now
that the danger ) was past,! had stepped
away from them. "Who Is that man? He
turned a strange and fearful look on us
when rou lauched but now.". ,
"Nay, trembler," cried . Judith with her
tinging laugh, "let us no^ despair that we
had but to meet the lesser of two evils.
Ho, we might have been killed by the sav
ages. But cover your face. I see a way
out of our hapless plight."
Drusilla clung to her friend. "Did you
see who their captain w«s?" she whisper
ed and shuddered.
Over Mr. . Thorndyke's shcu'.der as he
stood v.'Hh his back to her Judith could
see rr.lnglo with the Colonists, as by a
miracle, ?c?rlet-eoatcri soldiers. Their cap
tain, a man of diminutive size, ran for-,
ward, shouting on his men to follow, and
dashed by.
'The battle was quickly victorious for
the party attacked. Tho Indians, sur
priFed by the unexpected appearance of
a man at once so mighty and so little as
Captain Standish. accompanied by his
band of soldiers, gave way after, a brief
defense and scattered in all directions,
losing several of their number.
"Lest you hunger vainly for the knowl
edge in years to come," ¦ chimed In Dru
silla.
Ere Judith four.d time reply an ar
row whirred by her head and fastened the
floating end of Drusllla's blue scarf to the
trunk of the tree behind them. In an
instant Mr. Ralston's sword had slashed
through the silken stuff and freed her and
the Colonists had forir.ed a bodyguard
about tho t'.vo women.
?'Stay, ir.adame, and learn what you can
of. this gentleman who knew your friend.
SorrVcorafort, tho' it be, put it not from
you."
"And I' wot. not thy* brave spirit was
ever la advance of thy short less, Cap-
'.'Heaven only knows where it will end,"*
he muttered, "and the &dod:folk of Plym
outh will" be beholden "to me for bringing
in my train sixty foolish mouths to feed
this Christmas eye." He thought of the
roast pigs and the pies prepared for th«s
feast Ton the morrow and groaned to think
they must be shared.' He burned with an
ger that they should laugh and Jest. -He
glanced back fiercely, over his shoulder.
"Ye'd best render thanks to the Lord that
delivered ye. 'Twas bv mere chanca -I
heard - from ' a ' friendly . Indian of the In
tended massacre and reached ye In time."
Enlivened by these quips it. was a-mer
ry company on the ' whole that marched
back to Plymouth. Captain Standlsh felt
In duty bound to escort the bachelors back
to the ..little town, for it was no longer
Faffi to let them remain where they were,
as the Indians would be on the outlook for
an opportunity to make a 'second attack.
He walked at the head of the procession
with his handful of sturdy; Cod-fearing
soldiers. One of them carried a pole, on
/he top of which was carried the head of.
an Indian chief killed in the brief battle.
The little captain's heart 'was sore and
heavy with misgiving, for It was through
these worthless fellows, who had torment
ed and robbed the Indians, that this first
fight between the settlers and savages had
come about." . . : . ' .,'
"Bah!" retorted Captain Standlsh.
* '"Eiir," spoke one • of j the Colonists with
droll .assumption of > great dignUy, "we
must take exception to. your gentle and
mannerly epithets^ .We are' gentlemen,
tho' In' rags. '.;. University men.-tho' we
make no. boast of our learning." \
rqrs from massacre this Christmas Eve.
Bah, 1 ; pilferers^ idlers, tatterdemalions!".
"What manner of Illness wa« his?" b1i<s
faitarati. and nuaJiari b«nf>ath his " dance.
Ite.liictantly .one man _stepped. forward.
"I am he, madame," he said, and waited
her words. His 'manner was indifferent,
ae if his heart had loat all freshness of
Impulse.
"Know you aught of Sir Henry Whar
ton?" she asked.
The blood leapt to his face. "He Is
dead," he answered.
"That is not the name," she answered.
"Still I would speak with him. Which is
he?" She glanced over the many faces.
Mr. Iialcton vowed to himself that he
had ne'er seen lasho.» of such sllkor.
length nor lids so white. "Was his nance
Thorndyke?" he inquired, turning again
to Judith. "He only of us. comes from
there." .
"And I perceive you tread on carpet o'
blended tints," rejoined Judith. "The color
is of a line harmony and— appea'eth might
ily to my woman's taste. But I camo not
for to tarry lorg. 1 seek news of a man
who hails from Warwickshire. This younp;
gentlewoman bears me company In my
search."
Thereat Drusilla courtesled, her eyea
downcast. s
Judith courtesicd.
"Madame," he said, "permit me to make
myself known to you— John j Ralston, a
poor gentleman of London, at your ser
vice. I perceive you. have lost your way,
but your misfortune Is our gain. We aro
most honored to offer you our poor hos
pitality. Our roof is lofty as the blue
and arching sky; our walls of living wood,
unpolished but of ancient grandeur; our
chambers of hewn rock along the shore.
Nature took us In when the good folk of
Plymouth turned us out."
my choosing for a Yuletide feast," crio.1
the leanest fellow *of Hbem all. "On the
morrow, too, while we sit' here a-blowlns
on our lingers for warmth and our stom
achs empty save for s>our acorns! Go«l
rave us; they'll be merrymaking in Plym
outh. After church they are to have u
Creat feast at the: Governor's home. Pie*,
a rcast pig, turkeys ond good stout!
Lord.iLord. to think on it!'
"Ivet to-morrow take care of itself. Gorl
send us a merry Christmas, say I," md
so let be," ended the young man who
had been s'.nglne some moments sinco.
"Here's for a Yuletidc Eong." He waved
a gourd and began:
Tlipy dencen and they sinn;
Ivy r.nd her maidens
They wee: en End they wrlr.s
Nay, Ivy, nay, .
It O,|H not be, I wls;
L«t Holly have the mastury
As the manner !s.
Dut he went no further, struck dumb
by the sudden appearance cf tv:o youiv
fc-entlewomen. While the greater number
of colonists were; as he, silent for the
moment with amazement, there were sev
eral, however, who believed that 'two of
their company' sought to play- a jest . by
disguising' themselves as women, and
these rolled Over on the ground, laughlnc
at their oren-mouthed companions. ';$$$&
"Sirs," spoke Judith through the- veil
she had drawn about her face,\"I tru^t
you make net merry, at our expense, for
we seek your hospitality."
Her voice, unmistakably a woman's,
brought every man to his feet. „
He who had been singing* doffed his hat
so low that the ragged feather, swept tha
ground.
"I mind more the lack of a dinner.
Boiled acorns and naueht rfmi J« Tint to
"I'm thinking of the godless company
that sent xis," said another. "Much I
would give to hear the laugh of a child,
and the voice of a woman would be a
pleasant sound in mine ears."
"Ay," Joined in a third, " 'tis a doleful
Christmas that lacks the goodly company
of women and children."
"'Tis little Christmas pudding we eat
to-morrow," spoke one fellow, heaving a
sigh.
Now, there sixty bachelors comprised a
v.orthhrs set cf fellows who had been sent
by 2. rich company in En;;!ard to form a
colony in the New World. Many of them
were scapegrace younger sans of tr^od
families and the ethers born adventurers.
The chief condition upon which tho com
pany insisted was that they should be un
married men so that the new settlement
might not be weakened by the presence cf
x.cmen and children as was the dcjjiiscJ
Plymouth Colony. This and other line
promises the proposed colonists made
readily. But once they and their store*
were safely landed on New England sjil,
and the company':: agent had returned
home, they forgot all sense cf honorable
obligation. TJjey made no clearings in the
forest nor planted any fields. By fall thslr
stores were exhausted and as they had
made no provision for winter the first se
vere change In the weather drove them
into Plymouth. There they lived on the
chanty of the town, and excused their
presence by the plea of not having been
able to find a suitable spot en which to
found a settlement. Soon it became ap
parent to the good folk that these Idlers
who had lived so merrily all summer now
bestirred themselves not one whit to help
the general need. They went after no game
save when it pleased them, but Jested,
gossiped and smoked and separated only
at mealtime and at night, when each fel
low repaired to the home of the worthy
townsman who had given him a shelter.
But when December came, Plymouth,
fearful of tho severe winter, doubting if
her own stores would last, turned out
her unwelcome guests and bade them
make shift for themselves. Out the sixty
went, their good humor unabated, and
stationed themselves a couple of miles be
yond the town. The first two or three
weeks they lived fairly. well* hunting in
the forc-Ft and robbing the cornfields of
the Indians.
Yet, this afternoon they were a dreary
company, for none could be unmindful of
the fact that Christmas fell on the mor
row and that it wculd bring no festivities
to them. Before them lay the gloomy
ocean, behind the dark forest. A winter
thaw was melting the snow. They were
glad to take advantage of the almost
balmy air and so sat around on logs in the
sunshine; their poor frippery of once gay
attire mocked their manhood; most..cf
them were unwlgged; the buckles on their
shoes were gone; their store of powder
was well nigh exhausted.
"Quick, stupid!" commanded Judith,
waxing argry, "and draw yoiir hood well
about your. face, to your very eyes, lest
v:e be reccsjnized."
tacfcelcis! Ch, Judith, my knees' give
way! Think yeu this scarf becomes me?
Let us go hence! 'Tis an unma'denly pro
ceeding, Gcd save us! Oh, would we were
cut of it!"
"Corce, come," frowned Judith, " 'tis
past t!n-.e to dilly-dally."
"Ch, my poor heart!" crii-d Drusilla;
"ch, my poor knees!"
"Nay," commanded Judith, rising;
"watch my words and fall in wl|h me.
Sixty bachelors! Sixty sticks ! v <U5ixty
stones, forsooth! When once you have
placed your heart on a man o' pretty
parts, you'll be surprised to find how lit
tle the rest of his kind matter. They
fright you no more than they were sixty
little birds perched in a tree. Yet let the
one man appear and your, heart knocks
loud against your ribs."
"Then love I cannot know," eaid Drusil
la. "for one man o' pretty parts would but
¦et me In a gentle flutter: but sixty! Sixtv
"I fear me we have- been o'er bold and
urmaidr-nly," Sighed her companion. "Oh,
let us slip away before we be set upon and
discovered."
"Will you take him for a husband T'
teased Judith. "He wears love-curls and
has a pretty leg. The very man. to please
your fancy." Despite her jesting her ex
pression was anxious and most troubled.
"Perchance he should rpy us through
the branches." murmured Drusilla,
"Oh. you so bent on love and marriage,"
raid Judith, "here shall be your pick of
sixty bachelors." She dropped to her knees
behind some bushes and drew her com
panion down beside her. " "Tts most des
olate." she continued, peering through the
branches. "They sit smoking after the
practice of the savages. The one who is
ringing looks this way."
Laughter reverberated faintly in the
pauses of a song. Soon they drew near
enough to distinguish the ¦words.
"Hist," said Judith, "they sing a drink
ing song."
"I hear no woman's voice," quavered
Drusilla.
The woods edging toward the sea were
becoming thinner. They stepped cautious
ly and spoke in whispers. Suddenly sounds
other than those common to the forest
greeted their ears and revealed signs of
human habitation.
"Nay, you are fanciful," replied Judith,
sturdily, "and if you did, there were no
danger. Have not the savages and the
Plymouth folk lived In peace with one
another to this very moment?"
"I have a dread that some one follows
us," said Drusilla, glancing back over her
shoulder. "I thought I saw an Indian."
"So, forsooth, shall I," answered Judith.
" 'I did take a walk in the forest, sir,'
I'll say. 'in quest of romance and merry
auventure. As for any other motive, why
that, God wot, be my own secret, which
I hold with a clear conscience and is not
for your hearing.' "
Juciith shrugged her handsome shoul
ders. "Fear not, and, he discover us, I'll
make a mock of his anger. 'Fie. f.e,' I'll
Fay and tap his cheek. Being a head tall
er than he, you wit. I could do so with
proper grace and condescension. I'll say.
rolling of my eyes, as though I languished
from much admiring on his charms: 'Do
you paint like a court lady. Captain cous
in, that your countenance bespeaks such a
fine mottled hue*- 'Tip red, nay, I swear
'tis purple. Xay. 'tis neither the one nar
the other, but the marriage of both.' "
"That were not courteous," said Dru
silla. "I'll tell him the truth."
C- ryr'Kl.t. ii«r:n. by P»u!.nr Cradfor4 il.-.-k.;
\C wintr-r afternoon in th? Isttoi
0! j-nrt cf Ihe seventeenth century t*vo
girls were making ¦ their Cray
throush a fcre.~t rf the Xow \V.-rM.
Ltr«p. -sad-cok-red clcaks rucli as r «~r>
worn by the P-jrlttin women enre! n •>!
tr»e:r<. The talier r.f the two bill Ii^Ir t'l it
v.a.« the tint cf con; i.i the HperjlRS •""«
t!.rre wa? a tfarh cf English red In her
cl.i clis. She roemed to be In quest of rn-rr- ,*
ry r.tJvoriture. so rnr.rViing anil alert bsr
blue eye?, fo light hor rtep. Ever and
anon the would step impulsively forwirj.
f.rrer to Up. one hand stretched bacU
K'arningly to her companion. Tho f^r?-t
appeared to be well-i.igh :rac!c!e-.-s. Yet
It needed but a c'.aroe to the ri^ht to
ar.stire them of their bearings, fcr travel
ers: and hunters h::d notched the tre<»3
"Th:nk you we are near'.y Ciere?" as'.ed
the secord cf tho two girl?. "Is not the
fun sinking? I fear the twilight will over
tii:e us. and, jxrehance in the tiinscsa
you may not know hi.? face. Judith."
The other laughed. "Fear not. I should
know 'twere he thouph darkness shrouded
u?. Put throw baeU your head, sweeting.
Seest how blue tho patch of sky a-top tho
tall pines? Know you not "tl3 alrrjyj twi
light in these dent-e forests. t..c-j t ;'.i tb«
world without be so light? They *\y e'ea
hunters dread the blackness <:* right in
them. Dru^iila. did you hear the wolves
howling last right?"
Th^ trirl shuddered and drew her clral:
elo^tr. "Xay," Fhe answered: "every
night I pray God will let me sleep till
<5awr.."
'•Rather would I hear the vrolves how!
Whilst I lope myself in sweet thoughts o.'
him, than to lie. forsooth, locked in seilte
leps slumber," retorted Juciith.
"I know not euch ardor," smiled L>t-j-
Fllla. Dark curls enhanced the pallor of,
Jier little face. Around her throat wai
tied a Fcarf of blue silken stuff from
the Indies. The loese ends floated Jn tho
breeze. "Suppose our worthy host should
difcovier our absence. Alar., he has a
fiery temper. I fear him not less than
the savages, who. I have heard tell, arc
wolves with men's brains."
XJUL.E SUNDAY CA-LL,.
part."
5
Captain Shrimd
a story of ChristmasHut it wasn't all. Farquhar's arm was
broken and there was fear of concussion
of the brain. Not until late at night did
the post surgeon return to Foster. "The
boy's a mass of bruises." said he. "But
wasn't it plucky? He held on nearly half
a mile."
Not until two days later did they move
Farquhar out to the post, and meantime
there had been no end of— taik. -
TO begin with, who fired that shot and
why? And whither went the bullet? It
came, said prominent citizens, from the
aUey next to the express ofllce. They had
. not seen the perpetrator; but some ono
had— a woman— for it was current on the
streets of Foster City that a woman s
. startled cry, "Look out, Jimmy! pre
ceded but a second the sound of the shot.
Perhaps that's what made the pistol carry
wild. Two hangers-on at the hotel vowed
the cry came from Mrs. Welland s Iip3.
There was a maze of yards, narrow pas
sages and little wooden buildings all
"through 'the middle of the block, and it
waa easy for a man to slip away. Wel
land, looking grave and troubled, was
known to have gone to town that night
>and to have spent some hours hunting
about the bars, taverns, etc., and making
inquiry. ' -. . . . , ,
Town go??lp3, ever agog for scandal in
the army, took that visit to mean that he
was "hunting for the feller that he had
hired to shoot the leftennant for courting
his wife." And there were not lacking
pood folks at the fort • to accent tha:
thrilling theory. But Welland was a
sphinx. Only to Gwynne did he open nla
llps«. and from that interview the major
came home looking dated. He dodged his
wife and hovered about the door of
Nellv's maiden bower t'.a though he longed
to speak with his child, who plainly
showed fhe didn't wish to see him or
anybody els*: for the news of Jimmy
• Fa'rouh'flr wn«-that he had passed a bad
. night and was in such pain and fever that
¦ "rills"— oh, the irreverence of it!— that
meant the doctor— wouin let nobody see
him but the nurse, and— oh. the iniquity
of Itl-oretty little Mrs. Welland.
their snowy wake. Now, heading straight
for .the fort, they entered on the home
stretch. It was Welland's team of fiery
blacks and Welland's beautiful sleigh
T^or the -; wreck ,.-". of it. A moment
more and : they came tearing through
the gateway; heedless of the sen
try's abortive attempt to halt, them.
Another Instant and they flashed un
der her window, and troopers came
running across the parade and offi
cers slam,med out of doors and scurried
up the row, and poor Nell sank in. a
trembling, sobbing heap on the floor, and
covered her eyes. The nerves were, in
deed, gone. It was still, light enough to
see when the relief party came in w*th
the remnants— Mrs. Welland, unhurt, but
sore in spirit, robes, bundles and boxes
distributed all the way from town, but no
Jimmy. The major, of course, had gone
to\ondole with Welland and Mrs. Major
with madam. Both looked white, said the
men, and black, said the women. Many
of these last named ministering angels of
the garrison had hastened.. of course, to
t-ee'what they could do for her,' and found
that* very pretty little woman pallid but
ur.acqountably .composed. and even
unevaslve. To' each woman who entered
in turn' she patiently told the story. They
had gone' to get certan packages at the
express office. These were safely stowed In
the sleigh. Mr. Farquhar, reins in hand,
was just stepping In beside her when a
shot ;was flred near them. The horses
started violently, jerking Mr. Farquhar
eff his feet. 'Then away .they tore, the
reins. over the side, and Jimmy Farquhar
hanging 'on to them like grim death, was
dragged head foremost-over the icy road
until knocked senseless . against a rock.
She" was pitched Into a drift, and-that
was all.
The 20th came on Sunday and they had
evening service at the fort and a famous
missionary Bishop preached peace on
earth and good will toward men. whil-*
most of his hearers locked askance at one
woman — pretty Mrs. Welland. who, for
her part, looked even more pious
than usual. "They're the worst kind."
said Mrs. Gwynne. who was neither pret
ty nor pious. Nell had begged oif church.
She had a headache, was the plea. Mr3.
Gwynne was for making her go le*t the
whole garrison say she was miserable on
Jim Farquhar's account. "Let 'era say it.
growled the major between his teeta.
"She sha'n't go to be stared at. any
how." And he took nis girl in his arm.*
and kissed her and felt like blubbering to
her that he was an ass and had mixed
things badly, but chok?d and broke away.
The crescent moon was hanging low in
the west. The stars sparkled in the clear,
cloudless sky. It was her heart that
ached, not her head, and the glri longea
for free air. Accustomed from childhood
to trot about the post at any hour before
the sounding of lights out she never hesi
tated now; but. warmly cloaked and hoou
ed. her slim feet in fur-Une<i overshoes,
out she went Into the keen, biting air,
and up the row she turned away from
the lights of the club, the store, the bach
elor quarters, up along the dark, slier...
semi-deserted homes of the sedate mar
ried folk. Only the little fanlight over
the door showed at Welland's. All wad
black at the colonel's. He and his were
East on four months' leave. Oreggs.
Coltons. -half a dozen other army homes
she passed with swift. Hgnt footsteps.
Everybody seemed over at chapel In de
ference to the mission. But there, near
the north end of the row, was the littl^
cottage the boys had long since namei
"Saints' Rest." where, to their immens^
glee and her utter joy. Jim Farquhar had
moved in and taken *a. room under the roq»
of Galbraith Barclay. ¦ •
"Parson Barclay." a God-fearing. God
serving soldier and gentleman, the whole
regiment honored, even if they could not
imitate. It meant that Jimmy ifltant to
cut loose from "the boys," to save money
and study. He had so told her the day
the squadron unsaddled from the winter's
rest, and now — and now. with hardly a
month gone by. had ha not gone, if her
mother and others were to be believed,
from what might have been bad to what
must be infinitely worse? Had he not
turned from her to that— to that— she
could not say the word. She couui not
turn back without one longing look at the
dim light In the window she knew well to
be his, the window of the room where he
lay in fevered torment, where she — that
other woman— that very day had sat by
him nursed him. called him Jimmy, as
those townspeople said she did that cruel
day. Across the parade the chapel lights
gleamed through the ntght. She could see
the black groups of soldiers hovering
about it, showing that the little building
must be packed within. The walk ended
abruptly at the fence along the icy river,
and It was time to turn back. One more
lingering look she gave at that window
on the homeward way. then horror!
What was that afar oft along the row?
Crunching feet! Jovial voices! Beyond
r.oubt Dana. Frost and some others or
the boys coming up to inquire for Jimmy.
And they would meet her and know
whither she had gone! Not for worlds!
With the quickness of thought she dipped
through the gateway of Captain Oresrsr'3
axial-tors, scurried around in the shadows
to the back of the house, out at the rear
pate, and then, crunching through the lce
furrowpd pnow. hastened along the line
of the fence Intendine to reealn th*» front
walk as soon as well past the intruders.
So keen was the cold that the sentrie*
had to be relieved every hour and even
at tluvt had been reduced to four. Of
ficers' row was left to care for Itself. The
steam read from Foster City to the min»«-
and ranches up the Lancewood passed
across the reservation only three hundred
yards to the back force of the officers'
quarters. On the nighr of the ISth a two
horse sleigh had been driven along past
the gates and everything of possible valve
left, army fashion, about the yards an-1
sheds had been whisked away. Gwynne.
commanding in the colonel's absence, re
fused to restore the sentry so long as the
cold snap lasted, but bluntly told the oc
cupants of officers' row to use their re
volvers.
objections to his wife's intimacy with an
other man 'ti3 nobody's business, but on
that frontier it is everybody's, judging by
the effect. And this was the social situ
ation at Foster in the height of the holi
day season, with Christmas' not a week
away. This was the 20th, the date on
which, as has been said. Mrs. Wellard
seemed on the verge r.t losing the good
reputation with which she had come to
Foster from Fort Frayne.
And that night matters came to a di
max.
plans, perhaps.'' That is to say. she had
silently accepted theirs so long as none
other presented itself. But now that
there was obviously a lover— one "who
had all but declared himself, and had
won . her heart by plainly showing
he had lost, his own— whtT could truth
fully.say that she had "other plans?" ¦ It
was a- mean thing in. Gwynne, and when
ho saw Nell's growing pallor and the dark
circles under her eyes, and the lassltuds
and listlessness, and heard no more he
merry laughter and happy, birdllke song
about the house, he could have .kick" \
himself;, for, in taking counsel with his
wife on the subject before speaking to
Karquhar, he had discreetly concealed all
thought of what was the most vital part
of the statement he intended to make;
and now he dare not tell her, and strove
to work himself into a compensatory pas-
¦ the women were In clover. Sometimes one
\ girl had as many as six beaux— which was
v joy. Sometimes, but not often, two' girls
had the same fellow— which was war.
Sometimes— but only so rarely that when
it happened the whole army knew It— a
married woman found more glory in the
attentions of a lieutenant than in the
neglect of her legitimate lord. Then there
was what Sherman said of war. And
now. eald the gossips: "That's what's go
ing on this very winter at^Fort Foster."
For little Mrs. Welland" was wedded to
a man who couldn't dance and wouldn't
spoon, when, by good rights, said her crit
ics, she should have been mated with one
who did both. Welland was substantial
in person and in pocket, and she. who had
married him three years before, was
pretty and poor. He came to Foster by
promotion to the command of Ci TrooA
Just beyond the bier evergreen a flag
draped doorway led to a little sid» room
where tables were set for cards; but It
was too early in the evening yet. Th*»
managers were still receiving, the band
had Just crushed into the opening bars of
the Glrofle Lancers, and busy subalterns
in full-dress uniform were scurryinjj
about placing the couples for the dance.
No time is wasted at an ar;ny ball: and
cne of tho?e hrisK. breezy young direct
ors, darting out of the card-room, collide!
with the splint-pide of Jimmv Farquhar.
who. gazing down Into the flushed, hap
py face so close to his shoulder, saw notn
ing else. "Good L and. Jimmy! Have
I hurt you? Oh. what can I do?" wailed
the lad. as he saw Farquhar's face turn
ing ashen.
"Nothing. Get out!" gasps Jimmy.
"Yes but don't run, Mr. Blunt." chir
rups Mrs. Welland. appearing suddenly
around the evergreen and dropping her
escort"? arm. "V.'al!; demurely, and fetc'i
a glass of water. Now. Nell, you take
care of Jimmy. I'll mount guard."
No time for wr.r-ls -or explanations. A
trnrful. terrified little army girl, just
within that portal; Is clinging imploringly
to the uninjured arm and looking up into
a v«Tv white but brave young face. "It
hurts"you dreadfully. I know. Mr. Farqu
har.' "she begins. - ...
"No." protests Jimmy. "only— tha
room's kind o* swimminsr round."
"Oh-h!" fhuddw* Nellie, nestling clo«er.
"Oh. what can I do?"
-Don't l«-t him fall. Nell. Here corn.-*
the water " whispers, over her shouklt-r.
the good angel at the doorway. "Ileli hi
all right in a minute."
There are chairs in abundance at tM
tables, btit these are six feet away, ar.l
what might not happen if she were to let
go even a minute? Jim has closed hi*
eyes a second. What can it mean trot thnt
Vc is faint and— and falling' The lor.s.
» year agu. w
Kememoer It? She could never forget:
It was her first "grown-up" party, and
Jimmy Farquhar, the best waltzer In the
regiment, had danced with her a dozen
times: and here he was now — and ¦wound
ed, and a hero, and that wicked story, all
—trash!
And yet they had a merry Christmas,
an exceptionally merry Christmas at Fos
ter that winter. A story, only half sus
pected hitherto, came fully to light. At
the bedside of a wounded prodigal, hum
bled and repentant, a father's heart had
been poured forth In mingled gratitude
and forgiveness. For years he had borne
with the wayward lad. his only son. first
for love of the boy himself, then for the
sake of the fond woman who had shielded,
him so long and died praying for that
boy's redemption. But the last poun>l
came when Wellarul married a second
time, and found that the money his pretty
young wife so frequently begged of him
"for kindred in distress" really went to
his unworthy son. The boy's threats of
suicide or of shooting his father had ter
rified her into acquiescence. Then Wel
land drove him from his doors, and tha
boy followed them to Frayne. and there
Jim Farquhar shared purse and larder
with him and strove to make a man of
him, and Interposed to shield her when
the son repeated his demands. The father
placed money for htm in the hands of un
agent, to be paid at stated Intervals, and
again sent him forth. But this December,
violating his solemn word, here he was
again at Foster dunning her. even while
declaring that if she betrayed his presence
he would kill her or him. or both, and
then make away with himself. She dared
not tell Welland; she did tell Farquhar.
as luck would have it. just at the time
Major Gwynne had practically ordered the
boy to keep aloof from his daughter. Then
she saw that her young knight of the
Frayne days was utterly unhappy, and
she extracted his story. "Other plans, in
deed!" said the little woman, in wrath;
"I'll bring the Gwynnes to their senses."
And just what mischief she might havo
done to her own affairs In mending:
Jimmy's, goodness enly knows. Just in
the nick of time that drink-maddened
stepson of hers had dared to let drive a
shot the day she and Farquhar went for
the Christmas things she had ordered
from the East, and so led to on© blessing
in disguise. Just in the nick of time young
Hopeful, despairing of getting money oth
erwise, bethought him of a scheme to rob
his father's desk the night of the Bishops
visit, and ran foul of the dead shot among 1
the Foster girls, to the end that he waa
brought to his knees and a realizing sense
of his iniquity. All Foster, without know
ing all Welland's sins, knew that recon
ciliation and even joy had come, that
pretty Mrs. Welland and Farquhar and
Nellie Gwynne were severally instru
mental; and that: "Well, of course, we
could only judge from what we saw, you
know, ami it did look very suspicious."
But the night of the big post Christmas
tree and the children's party and the
"grown up" gertnan. the doctor wouldn t
let Jimmy dance, but did let him down
to the ballroom, his arm In its splints, his
heart in a nutter (and both under his
blouse), for the major greeted him as ha
never had before, and Nell looked up
shyly when he begged her to "sit out"
three dances with him. and austere Mrs.
Gwynne looked away.
"I'll give you three^ — and a — square
dance, if you like. Mr. Farquhar." said
the dead shot, with eyes that brimmed
suspiciously and lips that couldn't keep
from twitching, for had not Kitty Gregg
told her only an hour before there wasn't
a hop© of his being at th© ball?
"Give me— this— right now," murmured
Jimmy, seizing with his left hand and
twisting her soft, white arm within his
own. She pulled her fingers free from his.
but not too suddenly, as he led her to a
seat across the thronging room. "No. not
here— there, just beyond the evergreen.
Don't von remember? There's where you
were, sitting the night I came from Frayne
other cry threw up his hands and plunged
heavily forward. The dead shot of ail the
girls at Fort Foster all in a second, and
never realizing what she did, had wnlppel
from her cloak pocket the stanch little
weapon and brought the fleeing quarry to
earth sixty feet away. .
The guard found a Half-fainting girl at
the spot three minutes later, and far out
on the road ran down a panting, stagger
ing man.
"It is the robber, and my daughter
winged him." said the major, as with
ashen face the bis captain burst his way
through an excited group.
"Hush! for Gods sake. Gwynne.
moaned Welland. then sank his voice Into
a whisper. "It is my son."
shaJjw. una she would have been less
than girl had she not expected him to re
new those devotions on his return. A
brave, blithe boy was Jimmy, only two
years out of the Point, and. as the other
boys had it. "o.ily two months in debt."
which, being interpreted, meant that the
post trader h?ld his pay accounts bo far
ahead. That didn't go for much in the
ilays whereof I write. Prices were high,
and so were spirits. They didn't "read
and euck oranges" to any extent in the
cavalry a. quarter of a century ago. They
fought all summer and flirted all winter,
and had no time for books. Even in Mon
tana and Dakota fix to tight months of
each year they lived in saddle on the
scout. Then the womenfolk at home in
the forts were inconsolable— unless a rea
sonable force of foot soldiery remained In
garrison to take care of the post. Four to
sii months they spent in quarters. Then
post long years before, he meant to r,
serve Tor better thinjr?.
"I've nothing especial against you
youngster," said he. "You are no worsj
than the rest, and— not much better; but
Nell's mother and I— and Nell, too, for
that matter— havo other plans. She's got
sense, if she is only eighteen. So don't
• waste time and attention where they're
¦ not wanted."
If Gwynne had hit Farquhar with a
club he couldn't havo hurt him more. The
old man was reputed "square" as he wa'3
blunt. The lad was sensitive to the quick.
¦ Being young and truthful, and prone to
accept other men's words, he believed
Gwynne when he had much right to
doubt. So far as Nell was concerned, it
was a lie to say she had other plans; and
the major blushed through the tan of his
i thick;', weather-beaten' hide 'when* ihe
thought of it later. She had had oihar
nothing. Now. 'Just after gun fire and
the scolding she had given herself there
came a sight that well nigh drove her
frantic. ' ; V0 •.'*'-'
' Afar out over the snowy waste a black
dot was spreading into a blotch— crawling
swiftly toward ' her. too, growing bigger
and bigger every minute, ¦ and presently
resolving itself t Into components, two of '.
which, side by. side In the lead, seemed
furiously struggling "to rid themselves of
a third that tossed and bounded, at their
vcrv heels, distributing little dots along
¦
. A rain had "Welland gone to town. It was
filled with packers, teamsters, miners,
with a sprinkling of .soldiers and cowboys,
and the little man In goggles and fur
overcoat who alight-d stiffly from the
stage whispered to Welland that it was
like hunting for a needle in a haystack,
but he'd try. The only section of their
brief talk that the keenest ear had heard.
But it was • enough — it served, this and
the ' committant fact that it was while
Welland was In town Mrs. Welland had
gone to Farquhar's bedside — to set Fort
Foster , by the ears. ' In the highest of
metropolitan society the unwritten law
seems to be that when a husband has no
But gate after gate was closed and
barred. She remembered her father hav
ing gtven that order. Then she would
have to go clear around the post and en
ter from the main gate at the front. No.
"What could this mean? Here was Wel
land's wide open: She shrank unaccount
ably from entering now a yard in which,
as a tot of three, long years before, and
as an awkward, blushing maid of fifteen,
she had romped or more sedately croquet
ted time and again. But who was to see
or know? In she darted, and almost at
the open kitchen door ran slap against
a man hastening forth from the dark In
terior, a man in civilian dress, and a man
hurried; for, with a stifled cry. half-fear,
half -frenzy, he hurled her to one side,
sprang for the gate and the op?n pralrlo
beyond, slipped, sprawled heavily on his
back, then was up and away again tn a
trice: but just outside the gate with an-
white, slender, girlisn arms are about him
In an instant, and then, with astonishing
ease, the hero revives an>I the uninjured
member in the blu* sleeve twines raptur
ously about the slim waist, and the curl>
head 13 bowed, and the lips that wer*
pallid but a moment agone are burled In
the soft, shimmering waves of her hair.
The blushing, turning, bonny face Is hid
ing on his shoulder, but their heart* are
beatlnp together like mad.
"Th£ 'water. N>11. «ay» Mrs. Weliand
at the doorway, passing a brimming glass,
hut not s<> much as a glance behind her.
and stoutly engaging all Inquirers in bril
liant conversation. Then Here comes
yoSr f«"her. Nell! What idiots people
are! Somebody's told him! I suppose I'll
have to let him in.
Nell's head la uplifted only In the nick
of time. Brimming eyes and flushed
checks tell their storyas Farquhar faces
the anxious Incomer. The post commander
steps under the flag and surveys the
pretty tableau. One moment of silence,
and then:
"Merry Christmas, major!" stammers
Jimmy.
And so. after all. It wan the doing of
"that little hussy" next door.
JN !".« t,. . . -•! -".isO v ; {« iic.va.r.i vin
icr the btng of th«t sJtiset gun at 'hi
fort smote the car with a vicious "sr.ap
like thfct of a iasl-.. and tire ciTl stari'l
t:ig «^il nlon* 01*4 razing wistfully out over
the frozen prairie started as though stung.
A look of annoyance shot across her lace
Bn oval. pultiJ. pathetic face. A petu
lant word roEo iv her lips. Sh«- wa-s stung.
Bhe was ashamed that a soldier's daugh
ter whose very advent had hacu haUed
by 'the- roar of that very pun. and whose
whole life !'-*d been spent In the shadow
of the flag, should jump like a guilty
child caunht pilfering in the pantry. It
shocked her tfc-ui the nerves of which she
boasted— *he, a dead shot with the re- 
volver—should have ro run down. But
there had been much to try- them s'ne-e
the close, of ihe season's campaign. All
summer, while the troops were array on
the trail cf th<? Sioux, she had had her
hours in sjiddle a::d her days in the jf'o 7
rtous free air. but with the coming of
winter and the i^turn of the squadron and
the beginning of the dame* and dinners
end theatricals— the time most girls most
j O ve— everything bad gone ap'e". At least
Jimmy Ksrquhar had— and he was pretty
much everything, though only a second
lieutenant- •
Before t-be campaign he Lad beca Ler
THE SUNDAY CAIiL.
6
v. htn the squadron tripped homeward In
November. She came with a good repu
tation from eld Fort Frayr.-yon December
1. and by the 20th bade fair to losfi it, for
Jimmy Farriunur. who had beer: Nellie
Gwynne's shadow all the previors sprint;
nnd winter, now danced twieir with Mrs.
Weliand to once with anybody else, even
Kelii and the girl's heart was almost
tneakiiig.
She dip not know, and Jimmy bein:;
l>roud, aid not say that her father, with
tiut a word to her on' the subject, hatl
Catfy tcld Mr. Farquhar one bitter morn-
Ing at statics that two of his girls had
married penniless subs, ana that was
enough. Nell, his baby, born at that very
sion of virtuous wrath ever "that, j'oung
scoundrel's" having ever presumed to
make love to his child when he was now
"gallivanting with that little hussy next
door." I p to the day of the Major's
blunt warning. Jimmy 1'arquhar, appar
ently, hadn't carod a rap for pretty Mrs.
Welland, though he had known her well
at Frayne. The week after the black
Fridfty or" t<Te Major's ultimatum. Jimmy
was at Weliand's quarters hours at a
tirmv while that obese warrior played his
solemn game at the club. And on ! this
Bloomy, wintry day, they had actually
gone sleighing together-Mrs. Wellan.l
and handsome Jim Farquhar-snugiy
tucked in with Weliano s costly robes.
Well— well— "Wetland ;
Oh. of course Nell heard of It, thougu
ehe was spared' the sight of the start
People came in and conferred with Mrs.
Owynne in tones expressive of much
moral shock, and- with bated breath and
much significant glancing toward Nell;
and ihe child knew what it all meant even
before the visitors departed, and. like a
Ion. 1 ?, slim, big little fool, as she called per-
Belf. six times had she gone to the win
dow and looked out toward town aud seen
A
SHOT
IN
TIMEAt last she replenished the tire, very
caiefuiiy and noiselessly, and then she
t.iiti li.io iht i-.iuus liiue bed a. id laid
herself duwn upon the very edge of It.
hre.suo slept sne reached out ncr hand
anil touchtu the child's gleaming golden
ha.r, "Vou shall not be entirely disap
>"¦ ..red of your Christmas, my poor
bafcy." she. said, under her breath, ."and
some day when father and IhaVc made
our way you shall- have a Christmas you
will rernembei." For the first time since
r*e. beginning of his illnees, Captain
Diummond slept that night for many
hours without waking, and when at last
he did so he uttered his wife's name in a
voice so much stronger than it had been
lor a icr.g time that she sprang from her
little bed as if she had been aroused by
an alarm.
"Oh, I was asletp," she said.". "Have
you been awake long? I hope not."
"No, no, I've only just woke up," he
replied. "I am much better. I've got
GVOr the worst, Ethel, my poor girl; I'll
get round, after all."
, Hhe moved by instinct to the fire, which
was stiil alive, although ifnad burnt low
in the grate. ¦
"i'il give you some beef tea In a minute,
dear. " she said, brightly. "Don't call me
y«.ur poor girl because you are better; I'm
noi to be pitied for that."
"I can't think." said the sick man. lying
tack among hi? pillows, watching her
wistfully as she busied herself with some
thing in a small pan, "I can't think how
you are going to hold out for money."
"Jack, dear old boy, you mustn't worrv
about that. I've plenty of money till yoii
are about again and really yourself, an-i
all you have to do is to He still and keep
from worrying and take everything that
I give you to make you strong."
"Yes; but it's getting near Christmas."
"Yes, dear, but don't worry. You're not
strong enough to eat plum pudding. I
never touch it and it's not good for the
children and there'll be enough Christmas
for them." ' ,
"But where are you going to get It?"
he persisted. :
¦; "That's ray business. Jack," she said
with a laugh as she came to tho side of
the bed wtih a cup of beef tea in her
hand. "Perhaps I'm like the old - lady
who had a little store of gin In her cup"
board. You mustn't pry into my, secrets."
He drank the contents of the cup and.
after a word or two,' settled down to sleep
again. It was natural that a man who
had euffered , great physical exhaustion
should sleep now the good turn had come".
Mrs. Drummond went back to the fire
young ladies-where so many damsels *.a.l
been piepared for the are::a of life.
"Do you ever hear anythirr of Ma:y
nuw?" she asked of the statel" school
mistress. -
"No. my near. I have not seen her fo"
many, months or heart! of her. She was
never a good correspondent and the las:
situation she. got was in Scotland and i
daresay she has-forgolten her old school
mistress; perhaps she has never been i.i
London; perhaps- she will come to see 'n*
wJ'en she is. Does she ever wr.ic. to yuu?"
"No." said Eihel Percival. "I've not
heard anything of her fur more than
twelve months."
It was strange how icr thoughts harp<r<l
upon her old 'schoolfellow in this. her hour
of desolation. What should s.ie do for
Christmas— to Eive those two little soui~.
for whom the joy of life hart utterly gonn
out. some gleam of the old happy times
when they had- sufficient, and more, for
their needs?
Jewelry she hnd none. Her once smart
wardiobe hail gone into the limbo of the
past. She was still h young woman, but
little over 30: hope was not all dead with
her; she lcxiow that wlien f Jack had pulled
up again from his desperate illness he
would get work at something and thnv
would turn the corner again. Meantime
and the children would hang on. liv
ing cheaply, frugally and uncomplaining
ly, so as to husband every farthing to the
very last. But at the festive season, th.;
pitiful faith of the child who believed that
God loved little children aid would sen<l
a special Santa Claus of his own to rill
the" baby's stocking tore her very heart
with. a sense of powerlessness and lons
inp.
She rose restlessly from her seat a«ui
went 'to look at the baby, as they still
sometimes called Dolores, lying soundly
asleep In her .little beu.
"My poor baby," said the mother, bend
ing down and kissing the child's cheek.
¦ Dolores opened her eyes, smiled, put up
two dimpled arms and drew the mother's
head down to kiss her again.
"Dear Santa Claus," she said, "then you
haven't forgotten me!"
The mother crept back to the fire and
sobbed, sobbed quietly under her breath,
determining at last that she would not
break the baby heart for the sake of a
shilling or so. She would part with her
ring.
"Yes, I'll pawn it, then it needn't go for
ever. Jack will understand when he
knows. After all.it was only the gage
that was to keep us together till we were
made one. After, all, we've never been
parted: that's something to remember." .
She held her hand down in the red glow
of the fire. A little flame shot between
the bars and cast a light upon the two
rings which adorned her hand: One was
the badge of wifehood, the other was a
broad gold band with "Mizpah" graven
upon it. It was the last of her wifely
treasures, ¦ this simple golden circle, and
as she gazed at it with eyes -from which
the tears were not*far distant, a line from
the book came to her: "He-that giveth to
the poor lendeth to the Lord." Surely,
was once a little boy; for his sake.
Amen.*' - ¦
When Beryl's prayer had come to an
end. Mrs. Drummond found herself widely
awake. She went back to her chair by
the small tiro and. resting her elbows on
her knees, her chin upon her hands, she
sat starinp into its red heart, her heart
all in a flutter and fit to burst. "What
am I to do?" her thoughts ran. "How
shall I face these children on Christmas
day it I have nothing with which to keep
it up, and the old traditions? What shad
I do? I must hoard every penny for Jack
—it is the difference of life and death U,
him. Oh. I would that I had the faith
that my little child has. She believes that
he will send something— that he will an
swer. I have lost all my faith; I know
that he has deserted me." * '
Her thoughts went back over the
Christmastidcs which had gone by— the
gay and festive days of her girlhood when
she had coupled the days to the Christ
mas holidays, when she should leave the
fashionable school where she was edu
cated and go home to revel in a real coun
try Christmas.
She remembered how • twice she had
taken home a girl because her people were
in India and she had nowhere to go
What a life that girl had! Indian luxury
for ten years, then six years of school
life, with everything that could be paid
for, but with her homo 7000 miles away
and not a single relation living in the
mother country. bhe remembered how
Mary Wlnnlngton had jumped for joy
when she had given her her mother's let
ter to read, in which she had bidden her
to bring her to Edenhall. and she would
take care that she had a good time. Then
a change nad come into Mary Winning
ton's life, la one week her father and
mother, with their huge Indian income,
were gone, and for the child left behind,
all those thousands of miles away, there
was nothing— or next door to nothing.
Then Mary had been relegated to a dif
ferent position, made a governess pupil,
to mind the little ones, to teach them mu
sic, to help to darn their stockings. She
had only gone once to Edenhall after the
change in her fortunes. A few months
after she herself had left school her fath
er had been taken away; that meant a
change also, because the estate went to a
distant cousin,- and Mrs. Percival founa
herself with an income which seemed to
her a mere pittance.
To the villa at Brighton, where they
had pitched their tent, she had invited
Mary Winnington but once; and even then
she had gone to them with some difficulty.
For several years she had kept up a
somewhat desultory correspondence with
her and then she had iost sight of her al
together. Only once. . indeed, she had
heard anything of her and that was when
going to say good-by to her old school
mistress a few days before her own mar
riage, she had happened to notice Mary
Winnlngton's photograph standing, upon
a little table near one of the windows of
the great drawing-room at Beauchamp
House, that select establishment for
"No. it rests me to have y-^- c-rose to me
for a littl<- while, because (stooping down
and drawing her on her iap> you are
sucli a little mothers girl. You think of
me all the da..' lor.g, you little old-fash
ioned woman of the world, and it comt'oMs
me when everything is dark to leel that
there is one who will alv\ays heip me it'
she can."
So for a little while mother and child sat
there quietly by the fire, and then Mrs.
Drummond whispered that It was time
Beryl was asleep, and carrying her across
the room she put her tenderly into the
little hard bed. *
"You are sure you are warm enough, my
hor.ey?" she askeO.
"I wasn't very warm last night,
mother." said Beryl.
She hated to make a complaint, but her
mother had put a direct question and the
child was truthful.
"I'll put my cloak over you, my thick
cloak. We have the beneut of me rtrc,
you ste. dearest." Th»n having kisseu
her tenderly she left tne door ajar and
went back to her vigil beside her sick hus
band.
He slept serenely on. Once or twice
Mrs. Drummond rose in her chair ana
watched him. Yes. he was certainly bet
ter. The change which the doctor nad
predicted had come at last, and being in
the rrime of life h<- would, with care, re
cover and be as strong and well as ever.
With care— yes. the Kind of care that
meant money, and she had no money, or
what seemed to her like none. She must
husbai:a every penny, every farthing, no
that Jack might have nouri«*iment that
was absolutely necessary, even if she
should beg. borrow cr steal it, to make
him his own man again.
She put off her dress and drew on a
warm, padded dressing gown, one of the
few remaining comlort*< of her better
days. She was terribly tired and heavy
with sleep. The sick man was lying right
across the not very large bed. "I will
lie down by Dolores," the wife thought
"and draw the rug over me. Then 1
shall be ready If he stirs."
She was just turning away from her
husband's bed when the sound of a voice
In Beryl's tiny room attracted her. Shf
crept softly across the floor and listened
Perhaps the child was only talking in her
sleep. But it was not bo. As the mother
stood there listening a pitiful little voice
scarcely speaking above a whisper, came
to her.
"Oh, dear God," it said, "perhaps it is
wicked to ask you to do something for a
little child. Dolores— she is my sister, you
know — is so little she can't understand
about Santa Claus. I, of course, know
that there isn't a Santa Claus— that it's
only mother, and mother doesn't want to
Fpend money over crackers and rubbish
when father's so HI; but, dear God, do
manage somehow not to- let Dolores bo
too disappointed; It doesn't matter for
me: It's only for Dolores; Just a little toy
and a few sweets, perhaps a cracker or
two— Just something to put In her stock
ing." Then there was a pause, and the
pathetic voice went on: "Jesus Christ
"Oh, I don't know." began M>3. Drum.
mond. but her old friend took her by the
arm and drew her into the shop.
She ordered tea In a brisk, businesslike
kind of way, and then drew her chair up
to the little table. . * <
"Now," she «aid, "tell me everything!
You married, of course; what is your
••Drummond." said Ethel, rather faint
ly. "My husband was in the One Hun
dred and Tenth Dragocns, but two >>ars
ago we lost practically everything we haci^
Since then"
"113- poor dear." interrupted the other,
"what an awful time you must have had!
And two little children, too! And It la so
hard for any army man to rind work
again."
"Yes. he did find work — but O Mary,
he's been so frightfully 111; this is the flm
day I've left him for weeks. O Maxy.
I suppose I ought not to have come; — but
— last night I heard* my poor baby praylns
'that Christmas would come and that little
Doloreg would not be disapp^/lnted. It cut
me to the heart"
"My poor dear, cf course It cut you to
the heart, and of course you wanted to
give the little dariin^ Its Christmas — what
an unnatural beast of a mother you would
be if you didn't! I am sure that I can
help you." ; •
"No. no: I wasn't complalnlner. Mary."
"Of course not. but if I can do anything
for you It will only be a pay back again.
Do you think I have forgotten when I was
alone, far away from my mother and
father, that— we needn't go Into all that.
"We are old chums: you have happened on
evil days and I am rich— rich. I married
Into business, my dear, to the best man In
the world, and the kipdest and most ten
der-hearted, but a plain business man.
who g-oes to the city every day. and gives
me every blessed thing I want, and will
be only too glad of the chance of doing
something for an o.d friend who gave me
all the brightness that came Into my life
when I was a poor little spoiled Indian
waif, practically as homeless and or
phaned as I was afterward in reality.
Now. we won't discuss the question, be
cause I'm going to have my own way.
You used to always take cream In your
tea— try this ttacake. I told her to swim
it in butter— sugar, dear? And now tell
me. what has been the matter with your
husband?"
"Pneumonia." said Ethel.
"Oh, dear, dear! I suppose there would
be no chance of moving him. then?"
"Not yet. I think." sa:d she.
"N'ot if I had foot-warmer3 in the car
riage and eider-dowr.s. and all that sort
of thing? You do look so tired and worn
out. I can't bear to see you. Who ia with
him now?"
"Only my littte Beryl."
"How old is she?"
"Only 10."
"Poor little mite! We m-j3t contrive to
alter that. \V hen we have had tea I will
drive you home, after we have bought a
few toys, and see if we cannot at least
get him moved betore Chrirtma9."
"Moved-rwhere?" said Ethel, blankly
her breath almost taken from her. '
"Why. to my house, of course. I have a
great big palace facing the park and only
one child to make a noise in it. and I was
married for five years before I had him
and I don't believe there will ever be an
other."
She talked on in the kindness of her
heart, giving Ethel Drummond time to" re
cover herself, and then she Ivustled her
into a big toy shop and bought Christmas
gifts with a lavish hand.
"I am perfectly sure," she said, as they
drove through the mean streets to the lit
tle house where the sick man lay "that
we could get him moved to-morrow or the
next day."
Ethel Drummond caught at her old
friend's hand and blurted out all that was
In her heart.
"Mary." she said, "you are so good to
do all this, but It will only take us out of
our misery for a little time and give us a
taste of what we once had. Better leave
us alone, dear: believe me. It will be the
kinder way."
"Nonsense! You don't know what it la
to be in business. My husband is like the
centurion. If that Incident were to hap
pen nowadays. It wouldn't be with a cen
turion, but with a business man. My
good Hermann can make a billet for your
husband with a stroke of hia pen. and
to please me will nush him on till he won't
know that he didn't begin life as a busi
ness man himself. Now. don't thwart me
Etlel; you know I always used to bully
you In the old days. Ah, is this tho
place?"
y.ra. Drummond got out of the car
riage, still carrying her sixpence-ha'penny
doll, like a woman in a dream.
"Yes. all the parcels. Jame9." said hia
mirtress: "just knock at the door, no,
don't carry them in for me."
A dingy child answered the door, and
Mrs. Drummond's old friend swept con
fidently into the narrow passage.
"Now. Ethel, you show me the way."
Mrs. Drummond led the way up the
narrow stairs, but on the first landing
she paused.
"Mary." she said, "do you know that
you haven't told me your name yet?"
"Have I not really? That was stupid of
me! It is Meyer— Mrs. Hermann Meyer."
As they mounted the second flight of
stairs, the door of the Drummonds' room
opened and Beryl peeped anxiously out.
"Is It you. mother?" She drew back at
the sight of a gorgeously attired lady,
whose velvet and furs seemed to over
flow the narrow way.
"Come here, my darling: duck." said
Mary Meyer. She slipped down upon her
knees as she reached the top step and let
her armful cf parcels find a place, upon
the floor. "My dear little duck." she
said, taking the child's two slender hands
and drawing them up to her breast, "you
don't know who I am— I'm the Christmas
you prayed for last night— I'm Chri3tmas
and Santa Claus all rolled Into one, and
the.little one shan't be disappointed, and
there will be no empty stocking thla
Bgafn and stealthily pur a few hits of
coal on the redhot cinders. She felt
stronger and lighter of heart than 3h<»
had done for many days. She had got
over a great difficulty, because for the
past few days the fear of corning ill had
rested heavily upon her. She had solved
the great difficulty of Chrlstmastide. an\1
though it had cost her a pang, still the
'^parg -was over.
I Then she crept to her narrow bed again
and slept as only a woman can sleep who
has passed many nights in vigil.
The following afternoon, while it still
v.anted two days to the great festival of
the Christian year. Mrs. Dnimmond an
nounced to her family that she was going
out.
"You are quite sure. Jack, that you are
better?" she anxiously asked her hus
nand.
"Yes, I am much, much better. I'm not
like the same man."
"Then you think I might go out for ha^f
an hour, cr even more than half an hour
perhaps?"
"Oh. yes: do. dear. Beryl here will look
after me. won't you. olu lady?"
"Oh. yes. father. I'd love to if mother
will tell me just what [ ought to do and
what I ought not to do."
"Well, near," said her. mother. "I'll
leave father's be*?f tea .here In this cup
ready for him and you won't let Dolores
get near the fire, will you? Have her here
on the mat and then you'll have both
your charges under your eyes. I've a lit
tle matter - of business — very important
business — I must atte:ia to, so you'll take
great care of each other. And you'll oe
very good, my darling?" she auued to Do
lores.
"Yes; I'll be very good." Then turning
her bis blue eyes up toward her mother,
she said: "If I'm not jjood Santa Clau-s
will leave my stocking empty."
"Sh— sh— sh!" said Beryl, under her
breath.
The warning tore of the little mothe;
was not lost upon Mrs. Drummond, and it
was with the tears very near to her eyes
that she get irot of the room and went
quickly down the narrow stairs. '
Oh. what a bitter biting day It was: a
black Christmas, stingirgly cold, but
dirty and slippery under foot. She walked
quickly ui>- the narrow street till she
reached the main icad where the 'buses
ran. but she tlitl not take her place In on?
of these humble vehicles yet, but walked
steadily on till she reached a small jewel
er's r.-ith a side entrance, with which,
alas! Mrs. Drummond had of late become
intimately acquainted.
She drew the ring off her finger, de
manding a lean of a sovereign or. it. The
rran behind the counter was a new assist
ant," and thrust it -back to her: "Seven
anri-six," he said, curtly.
"Seven-ancl-six!" echoed Mr3. Drum-
mond. "Why, it c^st "
"Sfcven-a,nd-sJx— not a penny more,"
said the man. uncompromisingly.
She sighed and pushed the ring back to
him again. "You are very hard," Jh«
murmured.
"Business! is business, miss." replied the
i.-.an: "name and address, please."
Eventra'ly «he found herself tn the road
again and walking toward London. She
walked on until she came to the point
where for a penny she could be carried
by I omnibus as far as her deslnatton.
For some reason, why she hardly knew.
h«r instinct led her to go to look for
Christmas among the gayly-lighted shops
of Wpgt bourne-grove. Once she had been
accustomed to going to the most expen
sive shops and buying her Christmas gifts*
with a lavish hand, but now. when she
must husband every penny, she passel
the length of the principal shops, looking
eagerly Into every window so that she
might get the utmost value for tyer money.
At last she ventured to buy a doll for
sixpence ha'penny; it was slightly dam
aged and was a bargain. Everything else
in the shop seemed to be beyond her
means, so she paid for the doll and passed
out into the street again. Just then .1
basketful of gayly-colored balls, which
was standing by the door, | attracted her
attention. She turned to look at them and
collided with a lady who had Just eot out
of a carriage.
"Oh, I'm so sorry," she said.
"I believe it was my fault." said the
other. "I hope I didn't hurt you?"
"Oh, no. rot at all."
Then some familiarity in the voice of
each struck both women at the same mo
ment, and they turned and looked keenly
in each other's face.
"Why. Ethel Perclval!" exclaimed the
lady with the carriage.
"Is it really you. Mary WInnington?"
cried Mrs. Drummond. "What years It is
since we met!"
"Nay. I'm not Mary Wlnnlngton now,"
rejoined the other; "but tell me. do you
live in London — do you live near here?
That parcel looks like a doll? Are you
married— have you any children?"
"Yes. I am married," said Ethel. "I have
two children. 1 don't know," she added,
hesitatingly, "that I can say truthfully
that we live anywhere now. We are stay
ing not very far from here"
The sharp eyes of her old friend had
gathered already that her old school fel
low was in anything but affluent Circum
stances!
"Look here." she said, abruptly, "never
mind my bit of shopping; it will do to
morrow quite as well. .Get Into the car
riage and come and have a cup of. tea
with me and a good talk."
Mrs. Drummond turned and looked at
the carriage— at the tall horsea. Important
looking coachman and attendant footman.
"Thank you a thousand times. Mary: I
can't come to-day. I am glad to have
seen you, but I don't think we can see
very much of each other if your house
matches your carriage and your dress."
she said, in a choking voice. "I should
be utterly out of keeping with It."
"Nonsense, nonsense!" said Mary, al
most brusquely. "But stay; it would be
a waste of time to go home when we can
have a cup of tea together here as well
as anywhere else. Come in here with me;
they give you excellent tea here."
Copyright. 1800. by National Press Agency,
Ltd.
6 a ff^^ >>'1-Y three <iay* to Christmas!"
H 1 eald a little voice.
\_^ "Do you think." said another
voice, very seriously. "that
i-arta Claus will remember us this
year?"
"1 don't believe." said the first childish
EpeaJcer. "that Santa Claus ever forgets,
it i* so easy for him. Flying is ever so
rruch cheaper than the railway, and the
things he puts in our stocking don't cost
him anything."
With her superior knowledge of 10 year?.
Beryl Drummond turned from her play
and regarded the speaker with grave eyes
Ot childish wisdem.
"You're an awful little silly. Dolores."
j^he raid; "but you're only «> and you can't
be expected to know much. It is mother
who really is Santa Clans."
Mother?" echoed Dolores, blankly.
*"Ves. of course It is mother, and father.
too, when he is riot ill. I never could tell."
Beryl went on In a wise, reflective voice.
•"why they always pive Santa Claus the
credit of making: Christmas."
"Don't you think that mother will be
able to pay for Santa Claus' things this
year. Beryl? Is Santa Claus a pay-at-the
door gentleman?"
'I believe h«» is," said Beryl. She knew
in her heart that Santa Claus was only d
pav-at-the-door gentleman in a sense, but
she felt, this o]<1-fa<=hicncd little maid t.f
1" years old. that it was no use trying to
explain to the childish mind of little
Dolores what was the exact truth.
"At a'! events." she went on. "at all
events mother won't be able to pay for
much this Christmas, so wed belter make
up our minds to expect very little, or
?¦ven nothing, because now father Is ill
and everything: is rlifferem to what it used
to be, it is no i'se worrying mother about
it."
•"But." persisted Do'ores. "we must hive
pomethintr in ovr stoi kings on Christmas
«!ay."
"I don't know whether we shall." said
Beryl. "1 believe Santa Claus only goes
to riclj houses. I think he Is a mean old
thins, really."
She had a childish idea of putting the
blame, or what seemed like the blame, off
hT mother's shoulders on those of San
ta Caus. Bat. as I said, she felt, with
the wisdom of ten years, that it was no
use trying 10 make little Dolores under
stand the great truth that she had found
out for berveU that Santa Claus was only
mother in disguise.
Although thew limes were so sadly dif
ferent to what they had been but, two
years 1-efore. Bvryl herself was old enough
to remember when they had been compar
atively srell off— what seemed to her at.
this moment quite rich people. She re
menattered thai race at the very bottom of
her Blocking the had found a note which
said: "I am too nig to go into a stocking,
dear little lleryl. I shall be at the front
door at 11 «Vciock."
How eagerly she had watched the clock
until the hour of 11 had come, and had
gone trembling to the front door to see
¦what surprise should be waiting for her.
tt~al there she had found a pony, a dear
liul<- Sheltie. standing in a tiny cart no
bigger than a wheelbarrow, and a charm
ing little eide-saddle occupying the front
Koat. Well she knew there would be no
Eheltle this Chr.stmas; she guessed there
crould be little or nothing. She was too
young to know the exact cause of tl.e
chancre which had taken place in their
oeryday life. One comprehensive phrase
j-ummwi up everything: "Father had lost
his fortune." Servants had disappeared
along with the Sheltie and the dogs. The
chargers and the hunters, with mother's
smart frocks and father's scarlet hum ing
coat, they were all cone: and now their
world had niovt-d to a hideous little house
in a back street In Shepherd's Dush. and
Beryl had learned exactly what it meant
to be behindhand with the rent.
She was a very plucky child, little Beryl
Drummond. It never occurred to her to
rapine for herself, for her own sake. The
dominant ideas of her young life were,
first, of helping mother, and. secondly, of
keeping little Dolores from realizing too
murh the difference between this life and
the old one.
The shabby little house in Shepherd'i
Bush was not entirely occupied by Cap
tain and Mrs. Drummond. They had but
three rooms— a small, barely furnished
Fitting-room and a smaller bedroom next
to it. from which led a third tiny room but
little larger than a cupboard, in which
Beryl slept, while the yourwrer child slept
in a" little bed beside that of her parents.
"Do you think." little Dolores went on.
"do you think. Beryl, that there is any
chance of our having just something in
our stockings? I wonder." she continued,
as Beryl did not answer, being, if the
truth were told, racking her young brain
that she might find some reasonable ex
cuse which would, as it were, pave the
way if the worst disappointment should
.happen. "if mother would let me go to
bed now. It Is so cold in this room. '
Beryl turned her grave young eyes on
the dying fire, which had never been,
during that bitter December day. more
tiian a handful.
•'Yes. I would go to bed if I were you.
I'll esk mother."
••Do," echoed Dolores. "It would bring
Christmas day one day nearer."
The elder <hild rose from where she
had been sitting on the hearthrug, and,
passing to the door of her mother's bed
room, entered: '.Z-- s \ „ .
"Mother," she said. * may Dolores go
to bed? SheV tired and cold."
"Yes, darling. I'll come," Mm Drum
mond replied. "Father is dozing, so I'll
undress you by the sitting-room fire."
The mother passed Into the slttlng
"Dear. dear, what a wretched fire!"
She turned toward the coal scuttle,
when prudence and economy warned her
it was late to replenish from her scanty
ptock. "If you'll be very quiet, dears,
I'll undress vou in the bedroom. Dolores.
are you hungry? Would you like a llt
tle bread and milk?" •
"I would like some bread and jam, said
Dolores. : _
"Darling. I haven t any Jam. To-morrow
I will trv and buy some. Wouldn't a little
bread and butter "do for to-night? Are you
hungry tco. my precious?' Mr*. Drum
inond went on. addressing Beryl.
"I would like a Ht of bread and butter,
mother." paid Beryl, deprecatingly.
A c:~h escaped th<# mothers lips. It was
b wry little sigh, trut Beryl heard it and
understood it.
"Not if there is not enough, dear, ehe
gently.
"Oh. my poor darling, there is enough:
you needn't go to be<l hungry. I w*asn't
Hghing because you wanted a bit of bread
and butter, my beloved."
She cut them each some bread ana but
ler and drew them gently into the bed
room. The sick man was sleeping. I-ike
little mice they allowed their mother to
undress them and brush out their long
hair then whispered their prayers at her
knee and in two minutes the younger girl
was sleeping as soundly as her father.
Wh«°n Mm Drummond turned back to the
fire again Beryl was sitting on the hearth
rug as near as she could get to the
warmth, slowly eating her bread and but
ter.
"Come on mother's knee," *he whis
pered, as she bat down on the one low
chair which redeemed the room from
hopeless discomfort.
Beryl shook her head. "You are tired,"
-»»«• Ka'.d. -/
THE SUNDAY CAIX.
surely, if she gave something of her pov-
Cj i> to iceti ti.e staiktu i.aj/.j^cas of her
htiie chilmen. that \.uu:u Le the tame
th.i.g i;j giiiiig to iuc |j^«m. . es. ane nad
f(ultt! maoe up her nun.:. Her "money, the
little store that was ioc;<eti up in nor cup
boaid. she would hiioianu tor the sick
iTian. but this last treasure, of her own
She would part with to give a gleam of
happiness to the lutle child sleeping in the
iocm beyond, that Email faithful soul who
had ' been her only happiness through
these sad months of her changed life.
II.
III.
7
The Littl e Empty
Stoking(Copyright, Tupper Syndicate. 1900.)
JACK REDMOND closed the cabin
door behind him, and, taking his
derringer from his hip pocket, .ex
amined it with care." He did not*
propose there should be any mistake
made.
He had decided to blow out his brains.
It was the only solution of the problem
of his existence. Life had become an ab
solute failure. Fortune— the jade!— had
deserted him. He had not a friend on
earth save "Pard," his dog. What was
there to live for?
"So I'll try the country t'other side of
the range," he said carelessly, as lie ex
amined his pistol. "Perhaps there I'll
find the treasure I've always looked for
here, although, deuce take me. I'm afraid
don't know what to do," he sobbed. . "I
cah't wake my papa. He has his face
turned to the wall and he won't speak
to me. And oh, he's so. cold!"
Jack started a bit and looked serious.
Ho had remarked his neighbor, a quieti
retiring fellow, who kept to himself and
never mifigled with the toughs, gamblers
and other choice saciety of the Gulch. He
remembered the delicate white face with
bright red spols on either cheek and the
attenuated frame. He sat down and held
out his hand to the child. "Don't cry so,
my boy," he said, gently. "I'll go with
you and waken your father. It's all right.
He has overslept. Tell me, have you had
any breakfast?"
The child had crept timidly to his side
and was leaning against him, trying to
check his sob?. Pard stole up and licked
his poor little red hands.
"See, my -dog likes you already." said
Jack, cheerfully. "You and he must be
great friends. • Now I'm going to cook you
•some breakfast, and then we'll go back
The result of the list Arthur suec«>at*4
was shown when, on Christmas «>e. *
"O, my boy. my boy!" he cried; "U
there anything on earth too good for you?
Well, I guess not. Tell me, what do you
want for Christmas— tell me— tell rnt>!"
He was roused by Pard'sTongue on his
cheek and by the child's cries of distress.
Sitting clumsily up against the side of
the cabin, Jack asked Arthur to bring
him a cup of water. This the boy has
tened to do. After drinking. Redmond
took the specimens of ore in his hands.
No, there was no mistake. It was the
gold he had looked for so long. Found—
found at last! One treasure found by an
other. He was a rich man-rich! Ho
looked at the boy. standing by with anx
ious face, worried over his new father's
strange behavior.
He held out his dirty little red hands.
Redmond save one look, then dropped on
his face.
"Look!" he cried, as they came racing
down the hill toward the cabin. "Look
at the pretty stones Pard and I found In
the tunnel.. Pard was digging and scratch-
Ing away th?re in the dark and I was an
explorer and very bold. So I followed
him, though the dark sort of scared me.
But I got these— see?"
The week before Christmas was one
long to be remembered i n Brimstone
Gulch. The oldest Inhabitant could not
recall anything 1^ beat that day when
little Arthur Redmond, as his adopted
father called him. came running out of
Jack's tunnel, shouting with glee and
closely followed by Pard, his constant
companion, now on the verge of a frenzied
Joy. -
in his cabin. The child was on his knee,
content and secure. Pard lay at his feet!
his nos,e to the fire. "Why, It's like a
home," thought the lonely man, caressing
the little head cuddled on his shoulder.
"Thank God I didn't blow out my brains
this morning. Thank God I've something
to live for."
Monte Jim languidly swaggered to Red
mond's side, and .taking his stand there
by his attitude said: "I'm with you."
.Then Toby Welch rolled heavily to the
other '.side of the man,, with pale, com
pressed Upa and savage eyes and took up
his station. It was probably about the
most formidable trio of fighters Brimstone
- ... r r •
.Sandy Pete did not like to be thwarted.
"What the claim have you got?" he
shouted, and advanced threateningly.
Quick as lightning a pistol was
shoved in his face. !Tve got a .claim that
I'll back up with this," . said Jack. look-
Ing very white 'and very wicked. "You
lay a finger on that boy and Kll blow
your head off your shoulders."
"Now then." said Sandy Pete, after
they had done all they could for the
dead, "what's to be done with the boy?
I'm willing to take him. I need a boy
to sweep out the dance house mornings
and run errands. I can make him
useful. Suppose, sonny," with a . fero
cious grin, "you come and live with me?"
The child shrank from him with an
alarmed face. Sandy Pete's visage was
not one to inspire confidence. Monte Jim
glanced at Jack Redmond out of the tail
of his eye. Jack was ominously white,
and there was that unoieasant glitter in
las dark eye that always presaged trou
ble. *
"That boy goes with me," he said,
shortly. "I will take care of him." .
"You?" exclaimed Sandy Pete. "You're
a fine -one to adopt, a son. Now,
look here for a moment. I've taken a
notion to this little feller, an' I'm a goin'
to have him. Come here, boy." He held
out his hand to the child, who, trembling
with fneht, turned, and with one na
thetlc movement hid his troubled little
face on Jack's knees. Jack patted his
soft curly blonde head. .
"Don't you be worried, youngster." he
said* "I'll take care of you."
decently as we can, and then we will de
cide about his burial."
"Over the range, my boy— to a beauti
ful country, : where there is no snow, no
cold, no sickness. Come, now,- be a
.•.-¦•¦.'¦-¦¦- .___-.._¦
Jack Redmond, did not weep. But he
lifted the boy from his father's side and
said tenderly: "Your papa- "has gone
away, my lad, and cannot speak to you."
. "Where has he gone?" sobbed the
child. .:: ' :-r ¦",'«-,-;
Tobey Welch, saloon-keeper and one of
tne toughest citizens in the Gulch, sud
denly choked up to that extent that he
went to the door to conceal his emotions;
and Monte Jim, the slickest gambler in
all the San Juan Valley, turned to the
window and surreptitiously blew "^hlii
nose.\
"lie's dead," he said to the others. The
child looked at: them with frightened
eyen. He scarcely understood. He climb
ed upon the bed and patted his dead
father on the- cheek.
"Papa, papa!" he called. "Speak to
your little" boy."
Jack bent over ..im and touched him.
He saw at once that the stranger had
passed quietly away some time in tho
dim, mysterious night. ¦ •
"Papa, papa!" said the little boy, run
ning to tne bed. "Ain't you awake yet?"
After breakfast Jack, Sandy Pete,
Tobey Welch and Monte Jim went with
the boy to his home. The ramshackle
cabin was cold and dan*. The snow was
siftinr In through the crazy window. The
still form on the wretched bunk did not
stir as tho visitors entered.
"It beats all," he said, "how a little
chap like that livens a fellow up. I
recKon I won't kill myself to-day."
The child was soon on good terms with
Pard, and Jack busied himself with eggs,
bacon and coffee. As the dog and the boy
romped about the cabin and the bacon
hissed and spluttered in the pan, Red
mond grew quite cheerful.--
to your home'. And by that time your
father will be up and wondering what has
become of his little boy."
, "Come here, Pard," said Redmond as he
finished his writing. The dog obeyed,
fawning on his lap. Jack put the pistol
close to the animal's head— his finger was
on the trigger— when there came a timid
knock on his door. The dog growled,
leaped down from Redmond's knees and
sprang toward the door. The miner calmly.
put his pistol in his pocket and with a
word of warning to the dog opened the
door.'. .
A child stood there— a pale, wan, thinly
clad little boy of seven or eight. He was
shivering with the cold of the winter
morning and his eyes were red with weep-^
Ing. Redmond recognized him at once as
the son of the man who owned the next
claim to his and whose cabin' was about
a mile away.
"Come In," said Redmond, kindly.
"What's the matter, my boy?"
The child burst into agonizsd tears. "I
"Pard," said Jack suddenly, "I've an
idea. I'll take you with me. I couldn't
rest if I thought my only friend was
mourning mo. I'll shoot you first and
then- — "
He rose, wcr.t to the table, and, clearing
a corner. Eat down and wrote the follow
ing- note: "To the blooming respected cit-
Izcus of Brimstone Gulch, greeting: Kir.d
ly bury my dog Paid with me. Be damned
to If you don't, and look out for my ghost
some night in Tobey's saloon. Excuse
brevity. This Is my busy day. Yours,
Jack Redmond."
I haven t laid up my treasure where moth
and rust do not corrupt."
Pard scratched at the door and whined.
Jack hesitated a moment and then ad
mitted him. The dog came straight to
his master, rose on his hind feet, laid his
paws on his knees and licked his hand—
the hand that was loading the shining
pintol.
"Poor Pard," said the miner sadly, "You
will miss me. Will you come and lie on
my eravo and grieve yourself to death,
cs do all faithful dogs In story boots?"
Pard looked up In his face with ador
ing,' soft, brown eyes.
"Ju»t think. said Redmond, "two
month* a«o I was K o!n S to b low out my
bra>«» b*v»u»* I hart no friends; no wife
no vMM. no money-nothins-but Pard «*
th« *U| laM hU paw u^n his k n «l m i'
In came the gambler and the saloon
keeper. th«ir «>«"* poppir.g f rom tnelr
aocket*.
"Mont* Jim— Toby." a voice roared
through th* darknew, "where are you "
you bt-KRn"? t-' om(< In h*r« and wish mv
wlfe and me a merry Christmas."
Jack went toward ht-r. "Amy." he sai.!,
and his voice shook with emotion, "your
little son saved my life. I will not to.'l
you how Just now. He brought me hopoi
when 1 was In despair. He haa led you
to me. He calls me ma new papa. WiJI
you ratify thai title?"
"I never heard one word from you.
Jack, so believing myself forsaken t mar
ried Arthur's father. It was not a happy
marriage. One day ho found me weeping
over your picture. There was a nuarrc!.
He took the child and left me. I hav.j
sought him here and there for three year*.
At last I traced him litre and my path
has led me to your door."
"And I thought you had forgotten mv
very existence," she *aiii. growing very
white.
"I wrote to you repeatedly, but you
never replied."
Monte Jim plucked Toby Welch by th«
sleeve and discreetly motioned him out
side. The two crept out unobserved.
"I thought you were dead. Amy." said
Jack, trembling like a frightened glrL
Then there was silence In that lltt!o
cabin for the space of half a minute.
Then "Jack!" "Amy!" burst from twj
pairs of lips.' Y-v.
After Monte Jim and Toby Welch, wha
was close behind the pair, had explained
to Redmond how the lady had come In tha
stage from Durango that evening and had
made inquiries which led them to be
lieve she was the widow of the poor un
known; after she had wept and laughed
over Arthur, she suddenly lifted her eyes
and looked at Redmond.
Monte Jim entered, gallantly escorting a
beautiful young woman who, at sight of
the child, gave a cry of rapture and
caught the little boy to her breast.
cedar tree lighted" by innumerable little
red and yellow candles bore fruit of toys.
guns, marbles, tops, drums and every
thing that makes life worth living to a
boy. The child was almost frantic with
delight. He ran about the cabin, dancing
and capering w!th joy. "O. what a good
papa you are!" he cried. Th»n his little
face sobered. "My own real papa never
gave me a tree of toys."
"My boy. he cou!:l rot." said Jac't.
thinking of that cold, wretched cabin, do
void of food and clothing.
"Do you think he ..an see thi3 tree?"
asked the child.
"I hope so," said poor Jack. "I'm al
most sure he can."
"And my mamma— do you think she can
sec It?" persisted the child.
"Arthur, I don't know, but I hope sha
can." «.
"Perhaps." said th'.s strange child, "per
haps if I should pray about it they might
see it," and before Jark scarcely realized
what the child was about to do Arthur
knelt down beside hi* tree and. lifting
his voice, cried: "O God. bless ray no*
papa, v.ho ha.; given me this beautiful
tree, and bless my real, true papa and
mamma and grant they may see my tree.
Amen." And if jis in direct answer to hia
«u-fition the cabin door flew open and
THE SUNDAY CALL.
brave little man. Tell us, where did you
come from? Have you a mother? "Would
you lik§ to go to her?"
"I don't know as I have any mother,"
mocned the.chUd: "Papa used to look at
a lady in a locket, and said it was my
mamma."
"Where is the locket?" asked Jack.
"On his neck," said the boy.
Jack pulled ¦ the ragged coverlid away
from the dead man's throat. Yes, there
was the g'.eam of gold. Very gently ' } he
removed it, and, going to the window,
opened the locket.
So long he stared at the exquisite face
within; so/ long he looked like a man
carved from stone, that the others grow
impatient. But when they demanded a
look Jack v solemnly put the chain about
the boy's neck and tucked the locket
within his little vest. "That's the boy's
property now. He need not show it to any
one unless he . chooses. But come, let
us arrange this poor fellow's body as
Gulch could muster, and Sandy Pete,
snarling and showing his upper teeth like
a coyote, backed slowly out of the cabin.
"Thank you. boys,", said Redmond, giv
ing his hand first to Monte Jim, then to
Toby. "I didn't know I had a friend In
the Gulch, and. by heaven, here are two."
"You're all right, old man." said Monte
Jim. "Sandy Pete is an ugly brute and
I thought there was going to be a little
shooting:, and In affairs of that sort I
don't like to be left out alone In the cold.
Take the kid and my blessing." and lift
ing the boy. the gambler laid him on Jack
Redmond*.- heart.
The boy put his arms about his pro
teetor's neck and kissed him.
A strange thrill ran over Redmond. A
sensation, never before experienced, seized
him. This child was his— his to love— to
work" for— his find— his treasure.
That night he sat before an open bla' *
8
JACK REDMOND'S TREASURE
THE CHRISTMAS OF A MINERTHE SUKDAt GALL.
9
H fornia. Of course. \^!^n»jL3g £\
">ut little J..--' •¦ lived in :^£
California, and this is a F«
he lovely things that hap-
s e;uJ in her at this time. All
lay loner there had been the m<i?t
ipJSphtfui air of mystery pervad- \
ng the whole hbune; every one
f*>rr>vi\ tn hnve a pr«at many secrets.
ieann«- spirit a great deal of her time
hat day writing little notes to Santa
'laus. and mamma mailed them when she
*ent to town.
Joanne tried awfully hard to be pood <m
:he day before Christmas, and especially
trhen she nrent near tho fireplace, for it
rr.ijrht be that old Santa v. as even then
:>• rpicg down that v*-ry chimney to make
riire ft would be large enough for him to
jet through thit night, when Jeanne was
sound asU-ep. \\ nu!J the f!ay never pass?
It eoemed the longest clay in the whole
year.
Jeanne busied herself putting away her
ilii broken dolla and toys, hoping to have
their places filled by new ones next day.
Mamma had l;een t» lling about the Christ
mas eves when she was a little girl away
hack Kast. and bow there was snow every
Christmas, and how beautiful it wa.*, until
it Ki'ined to little Jeanne, who had never
feen a snowflake in all her life, that it
oust be the loveliest thing in the world
to live in a place where the enow came
every Christmas. She thought aboui it
iili day. and was still thinking abcut it
•ifter the had i.ung up her stockings and
had been tucked into her little bed. Right
In the midst of her thoughts about the
mow she heard a little noise at the win
dow, and lookii.'g up quickly was very
much surprised to see the funniest litt.e
old man Etepptss in at the window. He
was round and fat and had the jolliest.
most good-natured face she had ever
peon. He had a ions white beard and was
ail dressed in fur Ircm head to foot. She
couid not feel afraid of any one who
looked. so good-natured, and as she smiled
ba'k at him he t-jid in the merriest voice.
"Merry Christmas. Jeanne!" As he saiu
this it suddenly flashed upon tier that this
was—could it >'c possible?— and yet. whom
else rould it be. lut— Sa:nt Nicholas?
And then, as if in answtr to her
thoughts, the lolly little old man spoke,
and *aid: '"I i«.m St. Nicholas — otherwise
known as Santa Claus. and when I was
looking over my big book to-day I found
your name- among others who had been
good all the year, and to-night you will re
ceive your reward."
She wondered what the reward was go
in;r to be. but she was not left long to
won-ier. tor St. Xick soon disclosed his
plans. "Come with me." he said; and i£
bt-emed perfectly natural to Jeanr.e }.hat
phe should jump out of bed and a low
herself to tx? completely covered with a
long fur wrap, and litt»e fur boots to be
placed on her feet, wondering ail the
while how Santa could have made them
n't so well. "Come to the land of tho
Fnowflakts— to the far norm— to the home
of St. Nicholas and his family."
This sounded very delightful to a litte
pin who had always ionged to sec St.
Nick andto pee some "really" snow — ju^st
like that of which rr.amma had toiii her.
So. wuh a inue giggle ot joy anu ex
pectation, Jeant;e iook the hand of the
iolly old man, and together they stepped
:iut of the window. <Sa.nta never use» u
loor when he can help it.) And there on
,he roof was his tiny sleigh, and the very
¦•eindetr whose picture she had seen that
3ay. In they jumped and away they
vest: right under tne moon, and so near
he stars that Jeanne put out her hand
;nd picked several of them as she passed.
Oh. huw the slciffh-bells tinkled, and all
:h« air sc-emed full of musje. Jeanne
bought it must be the angeN singing,
hey seemed so near heaven. • • • Af
:er a while the air grew colder, and she
Kept feeling something ,on her face. Sho
put up her hand; 1 , but could rind nothing 1 ,
except that ht-r face seemed wet. and she
-aid to ft. Nicholas: "What is it on my
face?" He laughed, as he replied: <r ft
is the greeting of the snowflake fairies—
tny little ones— and that is their way nl
li)i:<ling you welcome." •'Oh. how lovely."
t-aid Jr-anne, and then she saw that all
th<' air was full of these soft particles.
and all the tre^s were covered entirely
with this told, white mbe, and where the
beams of the mion touched It. it shlm
merfd and pparkkd like thousands of
diamonds. So this was snow* No won
der mamma had a good time when she
R2S .. little pirl. No words could describe
this beautiful; dazsUng thing, and so she
just iat there and drank in the beauty of
it. with long; sijrhs o{ happiness and per
fect content.
Nov.- the Ftars became more plentiful,
and were set in rows, forming long ave
nue?, and the moon was so near— and so
bis— and fo bright that it fairly dazzled
her eyes, and there, right by her. so near
that f=h«> could have touched it. wan a
pole — bigger than any pole she had ever
?een in her life, and it was all covered
tvith snow, and at the very top was such
a big star that Jear.ne thought It must b»»
ihr- star cf Bethlehem, and there were
pure, white dovep. ny ing all around it.
So this was ihc north pole! Well! Jeanne
::.\tr < xr^'oit il "to —^^ ~
see the north pcie, yC^^j-ij & f.
nor to visit the home ! >X* * c-r N
of bt. Nicholas— but vC*d-__l
hore she was— and she Trtlfn ¦¦¦»¦
pinch* i h> isfi: to make VW pSJi^g
hi;. thai it was uue. V\pg|ftlff
Just then Uk.v came upon
the cunmngtst house— and it. VvSS
too. was ;:ll covered with
buow. »tai> phone from every \S|
¦*irdow, for tt.ey us< d stars lor
lamp* in this wunderiul place. \
'"oh, ivno ate these lairies?"
asked Jeanne, as a whole troop of
uainty beings came tripping out 01
the house and down the avenue of
stars with outstretched hands and smil
ing laecs.
"\V hy, these are my children, the enow
flake la.Tles," said Santa, and they all
pounced upon him and rairly covered nun
witli kisses, and he then introduced t.j
them this little California girl, who had
never seen a snow flake. It seemed so
strange to them that mere lived a little
girl v. ho had never seen a snowtlaKe. but
then— Jeanne reflected: "They had prob
ably never seen a California poppy, with
its beautiful cup of gold." California had
its compensations, after all.
With much fun and laughter Jeanne
was conaucied into tue house, where sne
was warmly welcomed by Airs. bt. Nicn
olas. anu then oegan sucn . round of
pleasure that ueannc- was really surprised
10 i.nd that her i.tart was oig enough to
hold so much joy. Ueauues 01 wnicn she
had never dreamed -were revealed to her
astonished gaze, and she looked and
looked and tasted and tasted until U
seemed to her that sue musi surely havt;
to stop looKing and tasting soon. But
she diu not, anu the more she looned, and
the more she tasteu. the more she wanted
to look and taste. First, she was la<cen
into the worksnop or' St. Nicholas. This
was the place wnere he wonted all the
year making toys for children, and ail
the long year, when Jeanne was eating
and sleeping— being good, and sometimes
— sometu.ieh — being l.augnty, nere in this
big, big room, old han't a was working
away with a will.ima.:ing toys or all de
scriptions.
On. the lovely bicycles and tricyclps!
Just what she had said In the notes that
she l.au written Sama that very nay.
fclie uid want a tricycle, oh, .« j badly.
ar:d she had aiso said in the note that
phe would like a big doll, all cresseu »<i
pink t-ilk — it he coulu spare it. And now.
\vh«-n her eyes fell upon the shelve? and
shelves of b:g dolls with pinK Bil* dresses,
her hopes rose, and. she felt sure he woui.l
he able to spare one for her. Uui Jeanne
was not the only good child who was
visiting St. Nicholas that Christmas eve.
There were many, many others, and some
of them were little poor children, sj poor
...at they had never Jcnown what it was
to have enough to eat. and some of them
had no kind papas and- mammas and no
soft, warm bed, and no pretty dresses,
but hat. always been cold and ragged
and miserable. Instead of the tender lave
of a mother they had been beaten, and
instead of Kind words the" had naa cruel
ones. When Jeanne saw these children
and realized It all, she tnousnt h-nv many
pood things there were in her own lire.
and she made up her mind that after this
the would go out into the wnrl«J a;i I
hunt up these poor things, and help them
all she could; and she went over and
whiFpereu to St. Nicholas and told him
that she had changed her mind, and that
If it was just the Fame to him, would
he please give the doll and the tricycle
to the poor children instead of to her?
He smiled in his peculiar way and said:
"We shall fee, little one. Who knows
but I may have enorjrh for aM?"
Jeanne's heart fe| lighter after she had
told him rt her wish, and It ne^mfd to
her that after all there was more pleasure
• In glvimr to others than there was in I
getting all the pretty things one's self.
There were big groves of Christmas
trees of all p!ze?. and Santa had scores
of tiny men cutting them off. all ready to
take to the homes all over the world
Then there were proves of oranpo trees
and apple tre*s— trees full of nuts and
vines full of raisins. Just then she saw
wme queer looking mountains in the d'*
tance—some were red and some were
white and some were all covered with
stripes. What could they be?
She determined to find out for herself,
for she hated to be all the time asking
Questions about the snowflake fairies. But
they saw Jeanne gazing at these peculiar
mountains, and there was a great deal of
tittering and giggling among these tiny
folks. As they came nearer the moun
tain Jeanne detected an odor of pepper
mint In the air, and she exclaimed: "Oh.
ran It be? Yes. It Is— It is— candy! Just
think! big mountains made of candy!"
The first mountain was made of pep
permint candy, and there were millions of
candy walklng-st'cks growing on this
mountain. Then there were jhountalns or
taffy and chocolate creams, and taffy and
baby creams, and such soft, white moun
tains of marshmallows. Jeanne really
thought she liked the candv mountains
better than anvth'ng she had seen. Some
way they appealed to her. She kept tak
ing bites from the different mountains,
and each one tasted better than thf last.
Soon she came to such a white, rough
looking, mountain, and couldn't Imagine
what made it look so funny until she got
real close to It and found it was a moun
tain of popcorn ha'ls. At each one of the
mour.talrs there were score? of these tiny
men filling ral'lnns and miiltr.ns <>f tiny
baps and entnucopa* with the different
kindsof cardy.^irtl thoy wer«» all- sr» Jolly
over the'r work That it made Jeanne lau^h
to hear thorn.
On* of »h.-* snowflnke fa'rles said to
Jranne: "H^v yon ever been coasting?"
"Why no." sa'.d Jeanne, "what is coast-
Ing?"
'Tome and you shall see." they replied.
And she ran with them to a Mg mountain
all covered with snow, and they put her
In a-tir.y sled and gave her a push, till
('own—down— she went, f.tstcr than light
ning, until. laughing and squeaMrg. she
'landed nt the bottom of the mountain
wlih such force that she tniib'ed-out. and
Just rolled In the soft, featherv snow un
til «he.,too. looked like a s-owflake f tiry.
Ch trl» wa j £tm Indeed. J anne thought
she would like to do this always aid al
ways, and only change about by nibbling
on the randy mountains between slides.
She rolled and tumL.ed about In the snow
until her cheek3 were as red a«= a rose,
and all the time no one said. "You'll get
vrur feet wtt." Anyway, she had on the
deare«t MttJe wh'te fur slippers which
Mamma St. Nkho'aM had given her when
she first came and a whole warm suit of
white fur. until sho reminded herself very
much of a spitz dog.
After a long, long night spent in fun
sii.d frolic and feasting Jeanne again
heard the tinkle, of the slelghbellrf.
and jolly old 9t. Nicholas appeared
W at the gate, ripht at the big north
X; ' pole, and said to Jeanne: "It i.«
your turn to go home now: and
IRk X. we mvst hurry, as, I don't
Wek. X. ~ •'¦ wa?it dayl.ght to catch me."
ia\ So. with many pood-hys nn<l
StsBV x promises to b^ a good ffiri
3S3lH0^_\. would fret to com*
Sa(gC^V V np.iln. Jpannp jumpei
something, but th*» fur robes were over
Jt and she could not see very well,
and once she thought she saw part or a
little tricycle wheel sticking out from un
der the seat, and caught a glimpse a*
something pink, but she kept ber own
counsel and didn't nay anything about It.
She knew she would find out when Christ
mas morning came, anyway: and it was
almost Christmas morning now. '• ¦ •¦
She thought she would like to take a
nice big star to her mamma for & Christ
mas gift, so she picked a nice large on©
and held It very carefully all the way.
After a while the air grew warmer.
"Why. there are no more snownakes.
she said. "No." said Santa, "we have
left the land of the snowflakes now and
are once more In the land of popples.
Then little Jeanne looked down upon the
fragrant fields and saw the beautiful
satin popples, with their cups of gold, and
said with a happy sigh: "After all. It la
beautiful in California— the land where It
is always summer."
Soon they arrived at Jeanne's home, ana
Sant.i left his sleigh and reindeer in the
top of a high tree this time, so he would
not wake mamma with the tinkling of the
bells. He put Jeanne in at the window,
while she hugged to her breast the b!g
star for mamma, and then away he went,
while she crept into her little soft bed
and did not awaken until she felt a warm
ki?s and heard mamma say, "Merry
Christmas. Jeanne." Then she remem
bered the star and looked on the chair
where she had placed It. bat It was cone,
an3 she could not find It gnywhera. She
felt dreadfully over It. Mamma
"Why, Jeanne, what are you looking
for?" "I am looking for a beautiful star,
said she. "that I p'.cked out of the sky
my very own self, just for you. mamma-
Then mamma hupged her tightly and
said: "Never mind the star., dear; your
two bright eyes will be mamma's Christ
mas stars. Come now and let's- see what
Santa Claus has brought you."
Oh. my. how excited .Jeanne did feel
then and how she hurried downstairs and
opened the door, and there in the middle
of the room— what do you suppose she
saw° The dearest little ChTlstmas tree,
all sparkles and light, and what could
that be on the very top?— something pink,
with yellow curls and blue eyes. \vny.
ves— It must be— it is— the very doll she
had seen in her visit to the fairies, and
she soon had it hugged tightly to her
breast and was showering kisses upon It
at a terrible rate. "I shall name her
. Snowflake."" she said.
And now what i? that shiny thing peep-
Ing from behind the tree? It seemed al
most too good to be true, but it was— it
really was— that tricycle, and on the tree
Were" samples of all the candy and nuta
and some of all the pood things she had
seen in the home of St. Nicholas. So
Jeanne knew by that that it could not
have been a dream, but a "truly visit.
So after she had looked at all the beauti
ful things and had eaten such a nice
Christmas breakfast, she sat down and
told mamma all about it.
Mamma was very much surprised, or
coarse, but thought it the loveliest thing
she had ever heard.
That night when Jeanne looked up at
the sky she saw a beautiful bright star
that looked so like the one she had lost
that she recognized it In- a minute, ana
said. "Oh. mamma, there is your star."
and mamma smiled and said: "Let it
«hine on where It is— the beautiful Christ
mas star. Perhaps the little baby star»
need it worse than we."
And Jeanne was content.
' On every side the Alps send down rlv«
crs leaping from the rocks, and in the
lower lands, especially on the Italian side,
spreading out into beautiful blue lakes.
Recently the stored-up energy of these
Alpine streams has been brought un
der control, in many instances, for the
production of electric power. - Th»
. river Adda at Padfrno already fur-
V nishes 13.000 horsepower, and
/V works are now under way on tho
Ik x. river Ticino. below its point ot
9^. X is^ue from Lake JIagsiorc,
a\\ which will. It is expected,
,3HkV furnish 12.000 effective
ZSjgfi^'V horsepower to be distrib
•"^?™^^V^V uted r\montr n strins; of
frggjagkA X manufacturing towns
SyjpaffaVX \ rf aching down Into tho
j$5j?i§fts«?.3k \, pbiln of I>imbardy.
Btf&C&iS^Siffk. X rich in u:iu?fd .-n
fiSgyr-T^\*^. X crgy <<' this kind.
JEANNE'S TO
ST. NICHOLAS
VISIT"Sensible woman!** ejaculated Basil.
"She has given me a chance to renew ac
quaintance with my old-time and only
sweetheart." He held her at arm's length
for a deliberate survey. "I caught a
glimpse of you through the door on my
way upstairs and adapted my apparel to
the occasion. After all. why shouldn't we
taJye a little trouble to look our best in
one another's eyes, the eyes In which wa
care most to be attractive?"
Marjorie leaned trustfully against his
shoulder.
His next step would hav* puzzled a
spectator not endo^ved with the story tell
er's gift of seeing into the machinery of
the human skull. He arrayed himself
carefully In even'ng dress, stealing a rose
from the bouquet In his wife's sittlnjr
room for his button hole. Then h» ran
lightly downstairs as a lover to a tryst.
Alison was still in the easy chair. Mar
jorie had not left the piano.
"Good evening." said Basil, debonairly,
to the guest, bowlnrr as he passed her on
the way to his wife, who had risen with
a low cry of surprise and confusion.
He took her in his arms, careless of
other eyes.
Throoch all the years
Together you and I!
he said. "The years we are to spend here,
darling. We won't wait for eternity."
In releasing herself from th© Ions' em
brace Marjorie turned a flushed, happy
face toward Alison's corner. It was va
cant.
"You stark, conceited, blithering Idiot!"
he hissed between his teeth. "If I could
find a place to stand upon I would knocfc
you down and pummel you to a Jelly, you
asinine, infernal mistake In the shape o£ a
man!"
The eavesdropper got himself away
without noise, the thick stair carpet fa
voring his retreat. WT»en safe in his
dressing-room he marched up to a mirror
and shook a ravage fist at the image re
flected therein. '. .'/••
"It goes more than well. I am ashamed
of you for neglecting your practicing. You
always undervalued your musical talents
and every other kind. Have you ever
sung that to Basil?"
."Xever! He Is too good a judge of mu
sic to care for such shallow stuff. Basil
is not sentimental. I ani afraid I shall be
always."
"You ought to t>f glad instead of afraid.
Sentiment is the sugar In the sherbet of
daily living. You are unjust to Basil as
well as to yourself In pretending to be
what you are not. and. please heaven,
what you can never be."
-I found the words In Lrpplncott's Mag
axlne. They are by John Leigbton Best.
Aa for the music, if you call it music, I
thought it out for myself." She swting
around on the piano stool with a nervous
llttlo laugh. "As I told you. I have not
kept up my practicing. It didn't seem
worth while somehow. But after baby
came— and went— I fell into a way of com
ing down here In the evenings when Basil
was out. and strumming 1 and humming to
myself to keep off loneliness and the blue
devils. That scrap of verse haunted me
until I fitted It to a tune. It isn't much
of a tune, but it goes well with the
words."
"The price of husbandly admiration' is
perpetual prettiness," lumlnated wise All-'
son, staring the moon cut of countenance
through her chamber window at the eerie
hour of two in the morning. "Marjorie
has gone off In style rather than in face.
Her gown is two years behind the fash-
Ion, and her hair as plainly dressed as if
she were her own maiden aunt. While
we were talking she seemed intent upon
her crocheting. Basil used to hate the
sight of a crochet-needle. He doesn't
seem to mind it now: but he ought to.
He has grown away from her. and that
with a married man or woman Is a sin
and a danger. They needed nobody to.
as she had been upon entertaining the
lover. The knowledge that Basil was hers
to have and to hold for life may have
filled her soul to the exclusion of all
thoughts of his possible truancy. What
.a woman hath doth she yet hope for?
Basil had got used to the idea of absolute
possession and what It implies before the
honeymoon reached its fourth quarter.
By the beginning of the fourth year or
married monotony and conjugal certainty
It was such an old story that he yawnea
when obliged to con it. He loved his
wife still, deeply and truly. He was no
longer in love with her. The difference
is in the degree, not In kind; In shade, and
not in color. Some women content them
selves with the second grade and affect
to admire the faded tint. Others go hun
gering and thirsting to their graves— or to
ruin.
Clear-eyed Alison came to the silent
conclusion during that evening of obser
vation that a more potent domestic decoy
¦would have been a wife as zealously and
tactfully bent upon holding her husband
Marjorie had reasoned herself into the
conviction that, if the baby born to them
three years ago had lived Instead of pass-
Ing to heaven upon the first breath It
Grew In this bleak world, home would
have been more and club life less to the
baby's father.
Basil, on his part, considered the whole
loaf his due by every natural and pur
chased right, and meant to have it in
come shape— or its full equivalent.
The mated pair who had made a love
. match were disillusioned. As often hap
pens In such disasters, the woman was
more inclined to adjust herself to the
changed relations than the man. Femi
nine regard for appearances has more to
do with this submissive attitude than
philosophy. Marjorie had pared her half
loaf into such semblance of the goodly
-whole she had bargained for as might de
celve the outside world. She went so far
sometimes as to try to make believe to
herself that she was almost content with
It. Anything was better than to*face the
truth that her husband was disappointed
In her and dissatisfied with the lot Into
•which his marriage with her bad brought
him. No strange thing had happened to
her. Other wives were in the same case—
worse.
Before the first evening at home was
over, Alison Stirling read, as In a book
¦which had been so rudely handled that it
would fall open at a touch, what had hap
pened while she was away, and what
might happen now she was here.
Marjorie caught the tone, but not th*>
¦words. Ah. well! What difference did it
make what he said or thought? It is an
evil sign when a wife can Fay that even
Jn part earnest. When she has learnoU
the formula by heart In less than four
years of married experience, it Is a very
evil sign indeed.
Basil shrugged his shapely shoulders
"That's the woman of it!" he muttered
In the mustache he pulled petulantly over
his mouth.
"And what a ravishing Parisian toilet!"
said Marjorie lightly, swallowing the knot
In her threat and ashamed to lift her
handkerchief to clear her eyes of the mist
that showed her Alison as the nucleus of
a prismatic halo.
"She has grown handsome!" remarked
Basil to his wife, as Alison pressed for
•ward to the guards to wave her hand In
reply to the toss of his hat.
B£- c :l and Marjorie were at the wharf to
meet her. His commanding figurecaught
the traveler's eye as soon as she could dis
tinguish men from women In the waiting
crowd. There was not another like him
there (or anywhere), she said to her Heart;
quiet because deep.
On the 15th of the same month— before
the newly made husband and wife re
turned from th« wedding tour— Alison
called for Southampton In company with
friends who had proposed the trip and
urged her to join them. Her aunt— the
nearest relative she had in the world
died six months later. Alison remained
over seas three years and a half longer.
There was nothing to call her back to
America now that Marjorie was settled
In a home of her very own and dependent
lipcn nobody except her husband for hap
piness. It was as natural as her lingering
nil those years where there was so much
to see and to study, that, when she turned
her face homeward, it was with the In
tention of taking up her abode, for a
While at least, in her cousin's house.
Alison had a high spirit, but a steady
head. The unusual combination carried
her well through the chagrin— if chagrin
there wore— cf the discovery; through the
difficult duties of confidante to both
parties to the betrothal, and of bridesmaid
at the wedding, which took place the first
week of June, 1SS0.
In saying that the match took nobody
by surprise, I might have mentioned that
there was a time when Alison Stirling had
not Quite expected this outcome of Basil's
friendly visits to the house of the aunt,
Marjorie's mother, with whom Alison had
lived since the death of her two parents.
Basil was her particular friend at the
first, and wes so esteemed by her until she
discovered that, in the absent-minded
turns to which ho had become subject
while she talked to him. he was looking
at Marjorie, drowning his wits in the
depths of her wonderful brown eyes and
•watching' the pulsations, like the flicker
of rosy auroral lights, of the color uadcr
her pure skin.
fortune to justify him in taking unto
fcimself a wife, should woo Marjorie
I>cnne instead of her cousin, and almost
elster, Alison Stirling, was a surprise to
robody. Marjcrie was ,the prettiest and
quieter of the two; a winsome, affection
ate, sensitive creature, with everything to
commend her to a well-bred, well-educat
ed man with Ideals, and the ambition to
make them realities.
THE groundwork of the story was of
the commonest material. That Basil
Lanneau, being of suitable age and
Copyright. 1300. by National Press
Ag-ency, Ltd.
THE SUNDAY CAI/L.
"I am glad you don't think me silly and
vain. Alison has been overhauling' my
wardrobe— and me— to-day," laughing and
blushing. "She lectured me roundly, too,
while she waa abcut it. for letting my
clothes and my music and my mind run
to seed, as she called It. Her talk was
like a tonic, a pleasant sort of bitter that
awoke me up all through. It was she
who rigged me up in this fashion this
evening and drove me to the piano. She
said she was tired of talking and wanted
to be soothed and rested by the old songs
I used to sing in the twilight. You see.
you are home earlier than usual, and I
wasn't listening for you. Alison is a veri
table tyrant in her way. but a dear, never
theless."
"You are an angel." rejoined the hus
band, not very pertinently, "and I have
been a blind, blundering ass! Only that
and nothing more. You'll give me an
other trial, won't you? And so yo,u have/
been thinking music as well as living It,
and I have never suspected It!"
' Upstairs in her lonely room, unllghted>
save by the electric lamps In the street
below, the Angel Unawares stood at the
window, faint and tiny by reason of the
lower glare. The stanch heart stirred un
easily In the effort to ignore the ache very
far down. She would not ask herself if,
among the myriads of souls quick with
life and feeling in tne mighty city under
her eyes, there were many lonelier than
ehe to-night.
"This Is but the beginning," she said
aloud and resolutely. "A good beginning,
but that Is all."-
She sank suddenly to her kneea. The
restless heart broke bounds:
"God bless them!" she cried, in a pas
sion of love and longing. "God bless tnem
and help me to hold fast to the right, to
¦uffer and be strong— and true! True to
God, to them and to myself.."
10
make the match," a faint gleam flitting
over her face. "There is dire need 'of s
match-mender now. I don't like the look
of it all!"
When Alison did not like anything, and
said as much in that tone., a .sharp-cut
plait between her brows and a straighten
ing out of the bowed upper lip, something
or somebody had to give way.
The next day closed In wet and wild.
As Basil Lanneau swung himself from the
cable car at the corner nearest his house
he. had about made up his mind to look
in at the club that night. He would find
no better entertainment there. than Allsoa
Stirling's conversation. He had always
liked and admired her, but travel, study
and experience of the world had made a
fascinating woman of her. There wa3
stimulus— inspiration— to a man. in . such
companionship. She had introduced
leaven into the inert uieal of his domestic
life. - \
The sound of music flowed Into the
rainy darkness as he opened the front
door. He moved softly in, laying aside
overcoat and hat, - then paused, unheard,
to study the picture framed v- the por
tiere hung between drawing-room and
hall. ,
Alison Stirling sat at the glowing grate
of the back room, halfrburletl in the cush
ions of a'Turkish chair. Her face, seen in
profile, was pensive; her simple black silk
gown made her look pale, almost plain.
In fact. Who, then, was tne musiciun?
He shifted his position, bringing into eye
range piano and performer. The tail,
pink-shaded lamp beside her showed him
the girl he had wooed 'and won five years
before. He had almost forgotten how she
boked, and the sudden apparition dazea
him. Involuntarily he shut hia eyes hard,
then opened them, incredulous of their re
port. It was Marjorie Donne to. the, life!
Dream-love, sweetheart, and bride!. Her
gray .brocade was cut sauare and low
upon the chest; the opening^ was. filled
with creamy lace. A great red rose
nestled, among the billowing flufllness.
Her hair waved and rippled back from the
broad, low forehead. He could have sala
that her, cheeks were rounded by the flu3h
that restored the delicate tint of her com
plexlon. While he looked she beean to
sing. Her voice waa a contralto J of fair
quality; to-night It waa tender and sym-
pathetic. She articulated purely and dla
tlnotly.
Silence, and then the dark:
Sweet sleep, and then the dawn.
And one star there to mark
Where thou hast cone.
So, Bweetheart, from my slant
A little hast thou flown;
Why, for the absence of a night
Should I make moan?
Parted, but not with tears:
Earth's dream and then the sky.
And then, through all the years.
Together— you and I!
__ '"That is exQuislte." said a -volco. from
the easy chair. "Where did you cat ltr-
AN ANGEL
UNAWARESTHE SUNDAY. CALL.
11no_textno_textno_textiCopyright, 1900, by. Press Publish
ing Company, New York World. . ;
Reproduction, in p«rt or whole,
will be prosecuted.]
THE old groc<ryman sat in the lit
tle corner grocery with an anxious
look on his face and a fresh shirt on
his back, with a high -white. collar
#iat t bAd sm teefji >a the edge that.cut
into . his ', neck when he turned ; his , head.
He;, had put oahisbest black the
one that he, always [wore to the funerals
of his customers, and he was afraid some
one would come in to buy molasses- "or
something that might muss him up.' ' He
had been for several' days' thinking" of
the returned^ prodigal.' /'Peck's-. Bad
Bo/," and wondered if. he would come
into the store again to see him. He had
heard'of the 5'oung man being :^around>
town spending' money, like a millionaire,
and it was rumored among the,neigh
bors that the boy had made, a fortune,,
and the old grocer had been " wondering
whether the young fellow, had rnade his
money, honestly or.by.train-robbinK. A's
he remembered thV' boy/ years ago he
.VBenny," nald Mr. Ferguson, a few tnln
utes later, turning to the. young nephew
"George," said Mr3. Ferguson, as they
went In to dinner, "I wish you would tell
Benny. In some way so It will not offend
him, that he takes too much sugar in his
coffee. It Isn't good for htm, and I know
his mother wouldn't allow It.".- ¦ ;?"'. ;
PUTTING IT DELICATE L.Y.
And then they closed the door and
had a heart-to-heart talk about leaving
the old town and 'seeing the world.
"Do you know," added the Bad Boy.
"I have been thinking of having you sell
out tRis grocery and go travel with me
as chaperon."
"What you want me for — selling cold
bricks or holding up trains?"
pronounced the benediction, didn't they
look around out of the corners of their
eyes for papa's little boy, and didn't
they discover him lookinc at his Sun
day-school lesson as innocent as a
cherub. And when meetine was out
and they tried to catch up with the little
boy they couldn't catch him. not much.
"Mr. Blggleson Is quite a philanthropist,
Isn't he?"
"Yes. - He always drawa up the sub
scription "papers other people are asked to
sign. "-Chicago Tlmes-HeraJd.
PtTBLlC SPIRIT.
. "There'* no s jetoso in that— Anyway not
In Mldpely'a '«i3ei He teM me that the
first time the "girl's grntl oH father came
Into the par\br- bis h^asx-**. fcras in h!a
boota."— Cievelanti Plain Deafer.
"Mid^ely 13. a poetical fellow. I aaked
him how tall hi? new sweetheart Is. Ho
answered, 'just as tall as my' heart.' "
"Huzza!" aald the soldiers. much,
pleased wUb their leader's fcindllnew.—
Detroit Journal. . -
A BHIFTING LOCATION
"Well, don't hurts? more, than a couple
of fingers, anyway," aald iLeonldas, deem
ing It well not to be too strict.
Having posted his handful of men
among the roeks of. Thermopylae, Leoni
cJaa addressed them. j
"Do not budge an Inch!" be said.
"What! Not an inch?" paid the soldiers,
aghast. : .
BUDGE.
who iras vislUn* him. "you don't rr.lx.
quite enough coffee with* your »ufar.~—^
Chicago Tribune, * " . '
thought the, chances were that he had
turned out to be at least a gold brick
swindler, bin he had just heard that the
boy had given a large check to the
: Young Men's Christian •Association
gymnasium, and he thought the ; boy
must be pious, and then he got news
vthat the youngster had been' buying
pools on horses and had his doubts
about him. \- . . ¦ ; ' ';¦
A woman of middle -age came into ,
the grocery and was making a small pur-!S
Jchase when the -"Bad Boy ; Grown Up?
the door, saluted the groceryman',
.'with a slap on the bark of his .Sundav'v
coat, a "Hello, old' pardner." and he 1
'went to .the. back of the store by the,
' stove;.and sat down on an upturned'half
¦ buyhel and began to look around at the
frowsy, old stock of goods.
| The woman, poorly dressed, took her
oatmeal "and 1 went out, and the old gro-
ccr went back and looked at' the young -
, fellow with a-sigh, and his hands trem- .
bled visibly. '
"There is a familiar look on the face
of that woman," said the Bad ' Boy* as '
he: looked far away and seemed \o b;
thinking hard as if to recall. some inci
dent. "Wasn't she the gras.vwidow who
used to live around the corner?"
"Yes. she isjthe same woman, and. I
wouldn' r have had her recognize you,
in ; this .store . for all your money.'"
said the old man'as he poked with the
fire. "I have . never witnessed a re.il *
murder, and I don't want 'one pulled
off in this store. '
"Say, that wqman carried a revolver
for years after you went awav, and manv
is the time she"" asked me when I ex
pected my dear little friend back. She
may have pawned the revolver, as she
has pawned nearly everything else she
had. ;
"Her husband came back from Ari
zona with one side paralyzed from a
. wound he got from a steer horn in a
'". cattle stampede, and she has supported,
; him, for. five years, scrubbing at, the City.'
'HalL What was it you fellows did .'to
-her that Christmas' Vever ch ?" \ And the "
old man parted the; tails of his funeral
coat and stood with his- back to the.
•stove looking hard at the boy.'
¦ "Why^yes,' that was Christmas eve."
. said the young man, trying to recall the
incident. "Oh, I remember now. Gosh,
' but that was a picnic. Say. I have laid
awake nights, sleeping and waking al
ternately under the stars, and when I
would think of that woman on that
night I have laughed so the wolves
would be scared.
"You see it was about the time those ¦
indiarubber bath cabinets were invent- -
ed, and she had one of them. They said
she used to take a home-made Turkish
bath* four times a day. Well.' when us
boys rounded up at her house to take ¦¦>
her fence down, and a- few things, we'
didn't know she was taking her bath^
but she was in one of those rubber
things, sitting. in a chair, with an alco
hol lamp under the chair. Well, we
didn't do a single thing exceDt to throw
birdshot at all the windows, fire giant
firecrackers inside the storm doors; tip
. over a box filled with broken class, turn
the gas at the meter and veil fire.
"That is allowable on Christmas eye,
according to, law.
"We were out in the front vard trying
to be good when the front door opened
and a spook came out on. a gallop with '
that indiarubber tub wrapped -I around
her and fastened at the neck, and she
yelled for us to save her. Well. say. you
* onght to have seen us save her.
"My'dog'grabbed the rubber bathtub
and tore a piece out and we tried t:>
get. her. not- to climb that tree, but we.
couldn't stop her, and she went up to
the first limb and then she" asked for the
fire-engine to-come.and put her. out. A
neighbor came, with a • blanket: and put
..it; around her and took her down, and
; told us we had better pro awav. and ".. we
, . didn't stay where we ,>'€.re not . wanted,
and. the man got her- into: the < house. .
J , '"How she ever got down those. stairs
"^ In ; the dark -with, that '.bathtub' reaching
from her' neck : to below -her ' knees .1
never knew, butll remember she called
.at our house a^few' days after >hd asked
pa; where his dear^ little : bov . was. as.
.• *he .' wished J to ?meet, him. :, Pa-said, she ¦
"had; a.butcher.knife in her belt, and he
said it was- up .to me to skip, and I
'skipped. 1 .'.
\~ VAnd so she- is' poor and has to 'sup
port, a crippled! husband?
,' here's a -hundred dollar \bill;
.-and I* want you tojput.up a!packajjje':6f
¦' groceries that will last her- , all. winter.
' and v when you^send it'to her. if sheasks
•anything about who sent it.' jus't say that
an old friend; who knew her when she
'„ kept a. Turkish: bath: of her own. just'
.'; passing"through, ; wanted: to jgive. her aj
testimonial of esteem. See?' V
¦,*>""«•• '-'Well, I;swan",'l. said .the-old 'manif as,
he scrutinized the] bili to sec if it waa
genuine. "You have got a soul con-.
cealed about your person somewhere. I
swear you have. Let me turn ,iri the
fire alarm and call all the neighbors in
to renew tl^ir acquaintance with you.
They would be awfully glad to see vou."
"Not much. Not with that coil of
rope hanging up there." said the Ba-.l
Boy, as he laughed at the consternation
of.the old man. "But, say. I had a nar-
Tower escape than this one to-dav. You
.remember the soprano and tenor that
-used; to sing, up at the church where I
used' to i pump, the or^an?" r ¦'/
.'•'Yes; I. remember them," said the old
man, as he put the hundred dollar bill in
a long pocket-book and pressed it in the
inside pocket of his vest. 'They got
married about two years ago."
"And th«y haven't got over it yet,"
said the Bad Boy. "This town is Ret
ting too hot for me. I met those sine
. ers.*to-day on the bridge and; I raised
my hat to them, but they didn't know
me. If they had- they would have
thrown me into the. river They used to
kick at the way I pumped the oraran. and
one Sunday I got even. I got a piece
of shoemaker's wax and put it in the
chair the tenor sat in and gave the so
prano a peppermint lozenge with a dose
of cayenne pepper in it, and then I went
behind the organ and began to pumo
for all. that was out after the minister
had read. the hymn. S&e took the
lozenge just before she got up to sing,
and I can remember her first words
right this minute. So. with tears in her
eyes, she sang, 'A charge to keep I
have, whoosh,' and she tried to cool her,
parched tongue, but she needed a piece
of ice. v .
"Then, as she kept singing, hotter and
hotter, I looked at the tenor, and he was |
standing up, the chair /fastened to hi?
trousers with the shoemakers' wax, ani
h<^ holding the. chair with one hand. and.
all the choir laughing and trying to look
as though they were not tickled, and thi
congregation wondering what it was all .
about.? Oh, but didn't the eves of that
soprano snap and . sparkle
damp, an&/didn't her face geared and
purple as" she warbled that cayenne pep
per solo, and didn't that. tenor look pale
and wonder if, his suspenders .could
hold out ' faithful to the end of the
hymn. And when it was over and they
bowed their heads while the minister
THE SUNDAY C ALIi
14
THE BAD BOY'S
CHRISTMAS JOKE
ON THE GRASS WINDOWTHE SUBTDAT CAIili.
1516
THp SUNDAY CALL.In such grand poetry as this, a hymn of
five verses of seven lines each, both Ro
man Catholics and evangelical Christians
can Join at Christmas time.
Christmas eve is a family festival where"
old and young of three or f<Jur genera
tions meet at a supper of fish, eels, nut*.
cakes and fruit or vegetables. No meat
Is permitted, as this Is what Is called eat
ing magro, but it is none the less a full
meal. It Is followed next day by the
sumptuous dinner, graced necessarily by
a fat capon and ended by pan glallo, a sort
of coarse nut and fruit cake. Roman chll
dren receive no gifts on Christmas day.
They have no legendary Santa Claus with
snow-covered caps and - furs and belli
who comes down the chimney to fill theh
stockings with long desired gifts.
Their Ideal is La Befano, an ugly but
very 'benevolent old woman who brings
them dolls, -trumpets, little watches,
eweets and marbles, on the night before
Epiphany. As the wise men of the East
brought gold, frankincense and myrrh as
Sifts to the Madonna and the Child, the
Romans consider that Epiphany Is the
time to give gifts. Instead of Christmas.
This Is a materialistic view of th^beauti
ful custom, very different from that of
the Protestant church, which selects
Christmas day for its observance. Gifts
to each other are tokens of Joy for the
Inestimable gift which God in his ten
ider love toward mankind gave that da>
In Bethlehem.
The people who 'serve you at home, the
baker, the milkman, the grocer, the wash
woman, the carpet-beaters, the postman,
etc., are willing to receive their' mancls,
a small gift In money, on Christinas day.
They expect it then, and figuratively ono
holds "a regular levee,, purse in hand, ; un
til the procession Is ended.
Very often there is ,an Interchange . of '
rifts and pleasant, words. The baker
sends you a cake of pan glallo; the grocer
nuts and Malaga raisins; the wine mer
chant a bottle of rare old wine, and they
Ci fu larglto 11 Figlio.
strength. Mo s'gn of this coming:, change
is so clear to the wise observer aa the dif
ferent ways of celebrating Christmas. The
old way uses Images;' the new one' does
not. And the presepio and the Christmas
tree are emblematic V the two systems of
religion which row, after the lapse of cen
turies, -meet in the so-called Eternal City.
The presepio is a reproduction of the
stable of Bethlehem where Jesus Christ
was born. There In a rocky cavern are
•"•ax Images, often as large as life, of the
Virgin Mother and the. Child, of Joseph,
the shepherds and the magi, while other
Images of placid cows and wise donkeys,
the natural Inhabitants of the stable, fill
up the scene.
The Christmas tree has no Images, not
even the Gorman Christ-child on the top;
but Its green, aromatic branches are
laden with yellow oranges, with silver
balls and strings of fjilt paper, with light
ed candles. r"d. white and green, the col
ors of Italy, and. with flakes of mimic
•now. The Sunday schools of the evan
gelical churches In Rome generally have
a Christmas tree, not only beautiful to
see, but laden with gifts that make the
hearts of the little ones sing for joy. N'ear
ly all of the Roman Catholic churches
have a presepio, but the most splendid is
that of the Church of Ara Colll. on the
historic Campldoglio. There the Madon
na holds in her lap the wondrous bambino
rGesu, a dark complexloned wooden doll
dressed in gold and silver tissue stuff and
covered from head to foot with precious
stones. It Is believed by the populace to
possess miraculous healing power, nnd Is
often carried in a grand carriage to the
sick. The presepio Is on the left of the en
trance after you climb the long, long stone
staircase that leads up the hill; on the
right at Christmas time is seen a plat
form where children recite hymns and
other poems to the great delight of the!r
respective mothers, aunts, sisters and
grandmothers.
Wherever In the smaller churches there
Is a modest presepio the mothers gather
and urge their little ones to recite their'
hymns of praise to the Madonna and the
child. But to the divine child alone are
the hymns and songs addressed which are
repeated by- the children around the
Christmas tree.-
Some time in Christmas week, not al
ways on Christmas eve, these visions of
light and beauty entrance the children In
the Waldensian. the Methodist, the Bap
tist and the other Italian evangelical
churches. And not only the children but
the mothers and fathers. come to cele
brate the "Peace on earth, good will to
men." Love and Joy touch the hearts of
young and old. Then Is sung the beauti
ful hymn written by Alessandro Man
soni, set to a melody even more beautiful
than the words, sung by the martyrs and
confessors of the persecuted churches
eince the year 153&— V-. '¦
I ' '*
Ecco ci e nato 11 Parvolo
¦ '.'¦ ¦ -
THERE Is In Rome'aniln Italy an
old way, and there Is also a rie a- way.
The old way is followed by the great
majority of the nation, and 'the, new
way by only a few. Yet the old. Is grow
ing heavy and dull with age. while the
new* gives promise of growth and added
Jkriow-'they lose nothlng^by the'remem
eefvices^are'.held at midnight In all tha
Roniah\"£;athoilo .Churches ; oh. Christmas
eve. -the .most; r eiaborate>f .these* cere
moriles is held of course Un the Basilica
of. Santa Maria: Ma gglore,' where the'santa
Culla* or Holy Cradle -in which our.. Sav
iour was carried Into Egypt, is allowed to
be seen by.. the -devout. 1 ' it is generally,
kept in* a magnificent ; reilquary six feet
high; adorned with bas-reliefs and sU
tUettes in sliver, in the first chapel on 'th«
left of the church. This is the chapel
which contains the Statues of the- mighty
arid terrible Hopes. Plus Y and Sixtus V.
This. is, the Aiyioi. Santo, the. holy year of
the Jubilee. wHl6ti' has ; riot been observed
s!n<;e A.' p. 1S25. The design. Is to keep It
either .'once; lri /fifty, or;. in twenty-five
yedr'fl. ,But as neither. 1850 nor 18T5 were
fortunate ye*rs for the' papacy the Jubilee
w ?s , omitted. Seventy-five, years hail'
pasied arid th« ceremony couid not, longer
be delayed, although the Pontiff, is still' a
"jTisorier^ and, Rpmeis not yet restored
to him. But the great. age of Leo XIII
has ; .ffiven' him .\unusup.l prestige and the
leniency, of the, Italian Government prom
ised safety arid protection to pilgrims if
tb^'c'ame to Rome. So they have been
cbmingr'all the year, r-xeept. In the heat
of sumthef, from all parts of the Roman
Catholic world, a crowd of Servians', and
Bulgarians^ -Germans. ; French. English
and Americans^*/ They have .visited each
of the . '.our : ancient basilicas five, times
and have received nardon I for all their
sins. The, Porte Sante of holy doors 'n
e*ach, of these churches, which were
opened s with arreat^care . on the 24th of
December^ 18^,', will be closed: with equnl
care on .tli? ['-.. Nth :. of December this year
nt noon. 'Then the vestibule of St. Peter's
Church; will bo\ filled with' seats, some of-.
theni . decked .with" rM . velvet and gilt
fringe, for -(Sovereigns or royal personages,
and, a splendid:thrdhe for the Pope will.be,
erected. He 'will- then; if His, frah; aged
bodylasjs until, that -day,'" rise from lh<j
throne ani wearing; the triple, crown and
trailing; behind *im-{a sijver t tissue, train
three yards ldng.. begin .the. closing of th6
holy door with: a ; gold trowei.as he opened
it .last /year, with a'.«old hanimef.'. The
bricks- thatr are 1 - to close jit Ifor. another
twenty-nye ; fifty. vseyetity-flve' years, or
. knows ¦ how * rniicH : ioneer, are " all
ready. ; ear h'.'ohy coritritniied by a noble
family, and. bearlng ; Its creatt-«; ' J~'. '
|^fiHh^n^^{Iohary^lfl^?the!Chrisl
mflis ¦ sea«!on | as,'rh>; twelve* days \ succeed-
Ing.thefestival.of th'e'natlvity. - If we so
consider At: thljk; Is 'a ihne'-of ;riiahi> ;' func
tions in Uh'e .cjhufQb:. Arid •"city \ of, Rome.
There are not .oniy'tln*. splendid 'ones on
thi;: great festival,. but j those i.of theUhre
classes \ or! martyrs \ the j week, the
'martyrVln .will* and' in. deed typified by
Saint,-, Stephen •;; the , maVtyrsv in ? will but
not Saint' John the
Evangelist, ;and ;the";naftyrs in , fact bu:
nVt;jn:^ll^i^j^.^li^|iiSi^injioc^ t8a
These ';Kumerou's.,'£*Btivat£:r followed by
that of- the . N*\ri and a few . day*
later, by .theVfiVlph^y.tarfestl labor and
time. * Famllles^meet'vibaef.her^.. the, last
night of the ¦ if/Mir joitake aTfrieridiy gia.u
fjf ; v .^e ; a ria^-^,each:other,Buori Anno,
Ha ppy* New V.gar . '; as -the 4lock' Btrlkes 12. '
m9l.pho«phoH5cenrt!,'.says: ,."ft ispossl
b -e I fo ..reid [ b^ i thV}ilght^of '^the humble
earthworm. *, One - or. th^ • most brilliant
pia'ys of'animalipHpsphifeftcerice Ihave
, 6b8fefyed^'cam*vfroin\sli'cKa source! Itj
' discoverj-^- was ; ' accidental. y In '*¦ "passing
through ah | orftiige . grbveT "one! rainy night,
ih flouihej-n Calif (jrnia;^t;klcked aside a
large clump^of "when.'; to, all intents
arid '. piirnoses, :. a ; mass !:6t. white; molten
metal. "went. flyihg.'.in; every i direction, nt
fording an, unusual i display;'' • -
VThe .cause "<if.;tiieiight was a\ single,
pps'citftyj ttvb, ! ,,.«lirthw'of m's,*- not over two
l^^J^^|nBfc7^t^uminoui^maft^
was exuding : froirb;- theni arid ' had "perme
ated 'the ;, Surr6uridlng,rS6ll,\renderinj5 ¦ It.
phos jhorescerit. • ¦ jThe ; llght-eniittlhg mu- [
couojcame off on, toy -hands, arid the light
lasted , several',- seconds,- gradually fading ¦
away, f, ¦:;'¦•' ~J •'¦'."'^'^ .'•' / -'*'-' •;'; ':-. ' : ' ¦'
;"Pos9ibly > the.'riiibst femafkable light
ever prised ¦ for purposes of ' reading : is the
beautiful ' pyrosoiria, : ; a \ columnar. Jelly
lllte';creature^ one 'of; 'the,! free ¦; swimming,
turiicates. ; Thej', ire usually, from one to :
tw»,'feet ;¦ In r lehgih, and > three or. four .
inches, across;; open ; at t One ; end. ; The
column .! is' any aBgfegatiori- of animalp.-:
each", of . wKlchj.'takes In ;w'ater; and expels '
Jt by an orince iri.'thd interior; arid 'this
volume';of wateK Tushing/ffom trie open
end.- pt bpeis . the_arilmal along. . Its lumin
osity is^-wonderrul. Its riafne. fife body, i
well_..'chbs6n." ; .y.> * ' ; v .\ ":•;. v •• '¦] -¦-¦¦ •
! "To illustrate .its intensity a Porfugue'e
seal captairi ': Retired -'six,-' of I 'the u animals', '
which. ¦ he 'placed in ; glo hb j&rs { suspended
from 'the {ceiling - of j his. [cabin. ! • By* their ;
own^ilght he wrote a .description tff their ;
beauties; ; ;^vi.'' *-\.: -" "- - .' ->.- ; . .¦"¦,-.¦'.¦' ¦, . .
'.VBennetti; th« l u^ English -^ naturalist,
• placed ; a i deep-sea'- nhaf k, ; : of the genus
"lslstius.'f'ln a JarMri his.' cabin" and ,coul I"
easily . read " ; by. • its light. " : describing tha
appearance j of ; the ; fish as j iruly^ ghast- : ;
ily/'-^-Scieritlflc" American.- •.: \~kf$tMM
THE SUNDAY CALL.
17
CHRISTMAS DAYS IN ROME,Though ho ray of natural light penetrat
ed to this vast and gloomy chamber," th«tW
seemed *> to be V hidden ": .; crevices " ; through
"which there was a' constant but Impercep
tible circulation of air, bo, that even the
smoke of the great driftwood ; fires occa
. stoned no inconvenience. The lights, which
made the whole place almost as bright as
day,' were '} the -work of a v young elec
trlclanTiWho tapped the wire at, the cable
• crossing and ' diverted . a T generous ' portion
of the" current to' his own j ends. : The dor
mltorlta,. kitchen, ¦ dliilns.:, assembly "and
store 'J rooms.- were \ separated' from ; each
1 other,; by .¦ movable ; screens, f, and 'were ¦: all
. comfortably ; though ', plainly" i furnished,
- but the*.Vreceptlon-room,V.ias thatlpart of
the cave j containing tthe~; pit was called
withigrini \ humor,' ''.was Spiled 'high: with,
driftwood ; and whatever of the constantly
upheaved ibooty, of the bay seemed to the
various watchmen' worthy the saving, f [ •
* '•'.-.The one , thing that" struck ' me ; particu
larly was the 'attitude . of the men and
women toward each other."^ Though no re
f7 Btriction ;* was i placed J upon 7 . » their '-si. inter
course, and all the women except fat Kate
(who had, I found,' sought death under the
•- compelling Influence of Incipient
trenunis) wera young and_ rather; attfac-
After a time the, knowledge came to me
that these men, preyed rapaciously^upon
their fellows and tha.^ many, p* the mys
terious robberies whleh had baffled the
lK>llce forces of San Francisco and Ala
meda counties were, planned In this sub
terranean hiding place. '. : Once I saw.one
of the' men come back: with bloodstains
on his garments, which he burned as soon
as iti'was possible: to, change them,' and ,1
felt sickenlngly sure that worse than rob
bery; had been part 'of his night's- work,
buttio comment was: made -on. this, by 'the
others and I' had learned wisdom enough
to hold, rny/peace^',:. . ¦;
In spHc.ot my mental rebellion apainst
my cftptivity I coul'J not heln bollix
keenly Interested in tlic novel condition*
of our underground nnd water-guarUort
11f v . My prison was ar. Immense cavern,
hollowed. by nature in the Interior of th*»
rrrcsit mound of Goat Island, and shaped
llko aii Inverted bowl at least 150.1 feet In
dlam^ier a'ni3;£0 fe«t 'ilgh in. the center.
Ther? were but two meanx of access to It
— «;*3 belnpithat pi! .in the floor, of flat
rod? Into wh'ch; like. sill, those around m*.
1. had been dragged'oy the'clntch of the
lrfiowlng vrnter: and the* other. the ; only
egress, being a roundabout passage dip
ping down below the floor 'level and leadr
ing, to a deep cove at the back of .-the
islandi 1 hidden by ' a huge shelving rock.
This entrance was completely closed at
high tide and was never. used but by per
mission of the director; but "I learned that
there was a' boat, hidd?:: near the cn'd and
that when, the tide peimltted mysterious
trips, resulting not only In < additions to
our rJentlfui ptoro of : provisions but to
nn already large stock of ' heterogeneous
articles of varying vj. ue; were made by
certain trusted members of our fraternity
whoecemed to have, a taste for adven
ture.
;/'If' ; we ob«-.v order- . and provo v trii**.
' .worthy \ve need 'Bpchii but fl\v yeafu
here."- v . ¦> .'
' Tho wc.r<J3 .sounded like a d«ath Bcn
tence. Five years!'* And for me. Just in
the tlrnt flush of manhood, there wason
much to do— so much that I had meant
to do to atone for my careless, extrava
pnnt nnd selfish youth. How could I ex
ist all that time in this horrible ho»»
r.hlie Just acrosF thut Httle. stretch of
obbSngand flowing tvn'T my dear-ones
mourned m^ as dead ard other men tooK
my rightful place amrng the living? It
wan such a little way across— perhaps—
nrd hfrc 1 caurrht nt a hope which 1
held . fast, through-all the days that fol
lowed — the hope of os:«pe. y-
Whilft I was Still trying to steady my
self against ihe. whirlwind of new. idea*
an 1 emotions that v. - as sweeping over m ;
the fat woman returned nnd dli«m1rslnR
the girl, whom she ral!ed Helen, took h^r
place by my. bodstde. nnd ns she proved
ill-temptredly taciturn I learned nothlnsr
.more of my surrounding until Iwas abls
to go out and take. up the burden of ex
istence among my ' new comrades.
"I will tell you," she said. "You are
inside Goat Island, and we. who are here
;ire nil prrs~ns who have tried to commit
suicide in the bay, and— failed. 'Having
all of us. by our own act. cast 'off al
legiance to humanity. and to God, we live
here, bourd t« pether by cur ccmthori ne
cc.-sitlcs. ami utterly npart ' f rom . the
world. We are living and yet dead, for
according to the newspapers we have
either 'mysteriously disappeared' or—
where the fact of our suicide has been
established— 'drifted cut to the sea with
the tWe.' As for ways and means: since
society ha* driven most of us. into this
exile, society Is made tt> help support us.
Kcr the rest, w<; ore povorned by a Di
rector, who was the first discoverer of
this retreat twenty years ago— anil an Ad
visory Council, who enft.Tee certain laws
r.inl rc?ulutl6r>!<i. and ire live very quietly
and peaceably amoiifr our«el-\ey."
"Anri the oath?" 1 -asked. "What -of
that?"
"It Is an oath of loyn'ty and— silence,"
she repliwR "and it olnris til! death, fir
the-bo!dest would not dare to brei!<. |i.
guarded as it is by nnp'acabl.' and un
cscapable vengeance. Even those who go
back"— •:
. I caught her hand eagerly. "Who .;»•
back?" A repeated. "Then 1 am not a
prisoner — I.m;..vgo home as soon" —
Her slender hand, cool and softly
smooth as a magrnolln petal, pressed me
gently- bade 'on the pillows?.
"Tell 'me everything," I demanded, an
overmastering desire to know th,e worst
givinc me strength to throw off the blan
kets and raise myself on one arm, "or I
will co and find out for myself. 'Where
am I, nnd who are caring for me? It is
my right to know, and J will!"
A great pity shone suddenly in her
eyes. "Then you "are both fortunate and
unfortunate," she said. ' "Your life is
saved," but "
*y\ n* AN overboard !"
/' Y( \ it happened so suddenly that,
& Mb> for a mrraent, the horror of the
•f-tll. the smothering embrace of
the black water and the sharp cry that
cut through the darkness seemed but the
weird fantasies of a sleep-drugged braii:.
The realization that I was that strug
gling, choking wretch down there, came
to me only when my hand? beat the air.
again after that first plunge.' and I saw
Kred's foar-bleached faco among the line
of heads bent over the rail on which I
had loungoo whil* we two. looking over
at Goat Islands looming shadow, talked
idly of the Christmas eve dinner fr'oni
which w? were returning.
How hopelessly remote ell the light and
life and movement up there pboyf mo
seemed! T heard confused :¦ fronts and
cries; the stamping rush of hunyirg feet.
and the harsh clank and ratti.* of un
winding chains as a beat was rapidly low
ered from its davits.
I felt that they would not be In time*.
Something war, strangely wrons. for. ex
cellent swimmer though I- was my- arms
seemed paralyzed. .There '¦jxi's a heavy,
buzzing, aching: roar In my hea.l. . I had
already sunk twice. Something dragge.-i
on my ffvt. and I hesar. to cry. like, an
overtired child, Fobbing with a bubbling'
outgoing of the little breath that was left
in me— it was such a pitiful thing to
drown there, like a blind puppy, when 1
had so much to live for— so many plans
ahead of me;
I tried to call out. to ralsomy stiffened
arms, but the weight at my fret, grew
heavier, the roar In my ears grew deafen
iiS-I sank.
My opening eyes, were assailed by a
Clare of white'light so strons- that for the
moment they wero forced shui.^agatrr.
Then I raised my lids and looked, througn
"a framing circle . of unfamiliar ; faces,
straight up into a black dome, fringed
with parallel lines of glittering siars.
I could feel the clinging leaden v> thrss
of my. garments all about me: but there
was a pleasant, diffusing heat some iere
near the center of- my body,, mid rry
mustache sir.elled revivingly of brandy..
1 felt comfortable. It socmed a good tiniv
to sleep, but as I closed my eyes I was
shaiteti sharply by the shoulder and drag
ged up into a sitting position. My back
was resting against a hard and unsympa
thetic masculine knee.
"Come,'" said an impatient voice. "Have
you changed your, mint! or not? You've
got another chance— do you want It?"
I stared about me curiously, anil saw
that I was surrounded by a group -if
[Tome twenty-five persons, tour or fiv»> of
whom wure women. From a craterliko,
hole near my fett came the alternating
dash and seething gurgle of up-crawling
water, and I shivered aa I heard it.
The man who was knetling and holding
brandy to my lips | looked • dewn at me
v.'lth 'half-scornful compassion.
"Will you take the oath and be one of
us?" he demanded. "Or will you go buck
there?" and he pointed to the; pli wlt'.i an
outflung hand that wcmej.to my shaker,
aoul to be quivering with menace.
All the torturing agony of my drowning
c^rno back to me with that g.-.sturo, anu I
chrank and cowered and caught at hla
arm in a paroxyism of abject terror.
."Let m<? live: let me live!" I - begged.
"I can endure anything but that— again :"
Wher. I awoke once more, I lay dry and
warm and languidly content in a nost of
soft and fleecy blankets. The star
encircled dome still looked down upon me.
but a high screen surrounded my b«;d and
uhut out all else from my eight .wave the
rlendcr figure of a young woman wlio snt
pewlns close at hand. fiho. had delicaio
fcfltures, a remarkably pure and pale
complexion and ¦ a heavy knotted
twist of shining red-brown hair at the
back of her Email head, and gazing at
her under level lashes while she sewed on
unaware of my return to consciousness. I
decld-d that she would s have been very
pretty were it not for h»r expression jf
deep melancholy. Then I decided that 1
was 'hungry, "and :;aid so. '
Another woman cr.me at her ca.. — a f-.t,
middle aged one ' who looked as if she
might have been a candidate for tht-
ICeelcy cure In the . near past— and ; s.«e'
gave me something sloppy and; weak
tasting out of a bowl. My. head felt
queer and irresponsible and there was a
bandage around it holding, it together;
evidently I had got a knock on it "when
I took my header Into the bay, 'and that
accounted for my puzzling "inability to
swim. .
, I began to feel more alive and interroga
tory .with every passing minute, and when
. the fat woman retired In «iuest of .food
men. suiUd to my energetically expressed
dcrxiand than. that which ohe' had furn
ished, began to ask questions that : fairly
tumbled.ovcr each other; but the girl par
rlod'them gently. ' • i
".Don't.- bother .-tboiit things yet," she
¦aid. y "You have been 111 and delirious
«;.£ are Eafe and well cared for. Nothing
cite matters JU3t now."
'I looked around : for a* moment In si
lence. Save • for that glittering concave
above \ I might have - been in a lodging
house hall-bedroom. Where had the de
lirium bcivuti ?— and was it I quite ended ?
The srlrl smiled as I asked. "You 'fainted
after you took the oath," she said; Vthat
was ten days ago, and you have not been
rational since. .until mow. It was a hard
utrugglo to save your; life. I r/onder if
you are thankful to us." .-.;. ; v.-;.: ,
I stared atiher. '.'I am glad^to be alive.
of course," I answered; "why should I
•ot be?" • •• ¦ -,¦ " : -: 2 " ;¦:¦. ¦
"*¦+ She turned ; on >me \ sharply. . "p o yo^
m«an that you didn't wish to die?" she
demanded; "that you, didn't Intend suicide
" \rhen ' the tide ' brought 'you' to~~us ?• ' ,
"I fell i oft the boa>," I ; replied. "I h a a
» no thought of dylug. It Vas an accident
(pure and simple."- ¦ ,"
. - • ... .
tive, the sexes were . self-separated wltn.
Shaker-like austerity, and no touch of.
sentiment lightened the shadows of this
living grave. . . <
"It Is because most of the men" tried to
kill themselves because of some woman."
explained Helen, when I found opportu
nity to ask her. "and the women gener
ally have some grudge against a man
even Kate's husband used to beat her —
and they have brought their memories
with them."
"And you?" I asked the question half
fearfully. for this girl had attracted mo
from the first, ond I longed, yet dreaded,
to hear her story.
She met my eyes frankly. "My mother
was all I had." tzhf sa'rl. "a^d she died.
and I vas ill with hunger and frightened
and discouraged. It was fobllsh and
wicked, end I have repented bitterly
Four vpars from now. when I go back, I
shall be wiser snd braver."
From that moment I was determined
not only to r.-caie. rm to take Hel»n.
with me. The l-oat rpnld he reached only
through the director's* room, which was
always.. guarded, but th« pit held possibil
ities. 1 was a good, swimmer, and diver,
and th * terror.* of that perilous way.be- '¦
rcath thr rcKs ami wa v es were as noth-.
Ing compared vith the horror of 8»tayinp ;
In that a course! plae« for years. At lowvT
tffie the wattr in that churnins: hole was
about- ter. fe*-t bplow the floor surfn'e;
and I found that the channel leading to it
was about two feet lower. Up length I
reckoned by recollection of the size of the
is'ard and the relative position of the
Trnlm: ' cou'd not bo over thirty feet.
When I next ppfke to Helen, after set
tllnp thU. I advised her to practice tak
ing full, deep breaths and retaining them
»s lnn»r as possible. "It 5s pcod for the
lurpp." 1 ea'd. "and comes otherwise, use
ful on, occasion." and I saw that she react
my. meaning.
•" It svtwijlint 'Miti! J had boen. over s'x
north? in tha c^c that, it becRm* por«»|-
Mo for He'on and me to meet at the ri^ht
¦Mr*e rnseen at the pit's mauth. Then she
stole .. f> r"«» ono night, through the hritrht
ft'Jfnfe ff th** cavern, and I whispered my
last !pstructio«B as T fastened firmly
about her a* lff'"-t>rPFerver. a primly Iron-'
!<al pile r.f which, brought by the water.
Jay against -the wnll. At the last moment,
cur eyes met. and suddenly without a:
word, we realized that love was looking
out of them.
I bent nnd k : «s<Hl ber. "JIv brnve dar
linc:," I Fairl. "I will do my best to save,
you — for myself."
r>"wr» wo n'nrrrcl tnto th«» menae'nj?
darkness. I had calculated on the outgo
ing-tide -to , -help us. but some ten feet
down the o«twn-d passage a column of
rock pave whirling rai'SP to the current,
and he r e I wns forced to fight with all myi
strength. Our life-pre«erv*>rs held our"
KXiKi*»»rTed hrp.'i? aralrst the rocky roof,
hutHelcp. c,lirsrlr?g to rrp l'jrhilv but sure-'
ly v/ith her ripht arm through all those"
interminable moments of suffornt!n>'
struggle, fended us awey frcin the jagged
wall with the other.
Th«» coflinbip reck came to an end at
last nisd the tide sw-rit up outward ami
upward. A«* we .rose 1 felt a strang»
shtverinr sheck and Helen's grasp feil
p.way ¦ f rr.m m«\ 1 threw my arm around
her and w-rVam* t<! the surface together,
float liijr. nn a phfnlnjr ixp.nnp'* of moonlit
watrr. TTo light 1 * of Can FranHseo glit
tered .clos? nt hand. A' ferry-boat waj
sweeping toward us Irom the Oakland
sld«\ We were fre<»! .
Exhausted nr>d panting a* I was I yet
l/ecam? 'suddenly conscious of Helen's
motinnlPFH silence. Her head was 'droop-
Inp !n n strange, disjointed way and |I
raised it with a sudden Icy fear clutching 1
my heart. A deep and -ghastly ''hoi*
stared at me from the middle of her white
forehead and from ft a crimson veil was
spreading over her faco: The shock which
I had felt wns the: murderous crash of
sonae stalactite-like rock and Helen—
A wave splashed over her and she raised
her head and smiled at, me— a smile that
faded into a faint, fluttering and quickly
passing shadow like that cast by a flying
bird, and then even the world held > Helen
prisoner no longer.
I opened my eyes In the Harbor Hospi
tal with Fred's face crowded In between
the doctors', radiant with relief and
thankfulness.
"''Where ts Helen?" I asked, and Fred
laughed half hysterically. ,'
"Never mind where anybody is so that
you are here!" he j criod. "Whatever.pos
sessed you to take that tumble, old man?
I've' had the worst three-quarters of an
hour of my life since you did that, and I
guess you have. But it's merry Christ
mas row for both. of tip.'V
\Th.ire was a sound of Mis high and far
ringing joyfully, ana, listening, to those
Christmas chimes, with Fred's hands
clasping, mine. I realized with a strands
sense of r loss ' that* my . whole half year of
weird • adventure was but the fleetins;
vision of a man wavering between Ufa
an'l death! .-¦?-.
The^_ next .day. ln< s;lte of. Christmas
cheer "and much' home petting, I felt "rest
less an'l unhappy antf. led by a desire t->
look at the bay that- nad so nearly caused
my death, I wandered down to the watet
front.
There was a cluster of men and boyg
at the end ; of Clay-street wharf and th-7
grim Morgue : wagon * stood waiting, A
morbid curiosity, lmpslled me to Join . the
gaping crowd and I saw on the floating
dock, below, two. » fishermen and' two
Morgue c officials !", bending over ', a ' stark
figure In '; clinging ; garments .•with a dank
tangle of brown hrJr winding 1 about It A
long pine box was beside them and as I
stared ,. with " a i kind o* • awful , fascination
they lifted* the fishermen's; dreadful pri»n
to lay 'herein* its rude shelter. •;-'•.'.'¦
i -,i As they did . so I saw . the ¦ facer-* beau, i
tiful girlish face! with a ghastly water
soaked hole In ' the forehead. It wa& the.
Helen whom I had root and loved In my,
death dream!
THE SmSDAY CALL.
18
A CHRISTMAS
MYSTERYTHE SUNDAY CALL.
19ball cowr. for the cap and jnpron.
These young ladles are never -late at
their monthly luncheons, for the very good'
reason that they have to go through the
' preliminary "of cooking? before" they "can
¦It down at the festal board. ,' They are
all bo adept that there Isn't any fuss or
flurry, but each girl concoct* her allotted
MjiM fa^^*wwTdftfftfiflflnti.i-.ii<tiw * i ii mi (rm^nriiHiMin tFiMmii imi^niiniu him
dlKh; 'of. the fact' that' too many
cooks epoil the brothl',* . • ;
Over the dessert the menu for the next
; luncheon Is .: andl'.. the .-.gins:.
choose the dlphcs they, will prepare f oi*< it;
The luncheon fs^held at" the homes "of : the
young ladles, "each* one .having a .turn: at
playing hostess. _; ; - =. . .
OYSTER SALAp.
'•• Place: California "oysters over the:, fire
. until they - begin : to ; curl." • Remove .- and '
A SALAD 'i THAT- MISS
;¦ ¦..-¦¦. r... •¦.(¦....¦¦ :..- ••
' '. ~.^\-: and then cuests are . invited. . At
one _ memorable • luncheon the : famous
"breakfast club" of the- Bohemian Club
were entertained. gentlemen? all dc-.
clared that It was 1 the finest luncheon
ever prepared .this side of Olympus.' / Ka
phael Welll not only set his seal; of
proval on their, culinary talents, but pro
posed them as honorary members of the
•.'breakfast club." . . .... --
53 During '.the' holidays V housewives • are al
ways on the alert for new, and^delectable
dishes." Here is a rare chance. Con over
! the 'recipes have culled, from
these young ladles'/storehouse. of good re
cipes ; and; If : - you' follow:- them ¦ carefully
you will, have dishes flt'to set before" a
king. ¦ ¦•:¦:.' .:.•¦¦.'•..¦; ¦ • . -./- :
CHOPS A LA RE1NE.
- Twelve lamb chops trimmed very, small,
1 can mushrooms,- 2 onions, Juice of 1 lime.
4 green peppers, 2 stalks of . celery, 3 . ta
blespoons ¦' flour, -.6* ounces butter, 2 eggs,
salt, pepper (cayenne) t! cracker crumbs,
Fry, the;chops;ilghUyJn. the. butter;.
. remove; the' chops, put: In the seasoning—
onions,' .celery..' peppers— all . well chopped,
; cook till ¦ soft, * add the : mushrooms and
- truffle • U : you - have .. them . (mushrooms
MISS EDITH TELLS HOW
', TO COOK CHOPS. >. '
. Boll an equal amount: of \ sprouts and
chcstr.utrf..- Chop . and mix together with
mayonnaise. Serve with lettuce.
SPROUTS.
i»i'ace on ic*. ,MiK with mayonnaise. W*het>
cold hay«; some "tomatoes peeled and the
centers scooped out. Fill, with' mixture
arid serve, on' lettuce leaves.
SALAD— cllJBSTNUTS AND" CABBAGEJ
Th?r« is one little club of culinary gen
iuses that numbers on its roll of honor
the Misses Wanda and Virginia Brastow.
Florence £u<ne, May Crowell," Edith Bull,
Edna Dickens and Miss Young. These
young: ladles are all social favorites, but
their accomplishments In the "cooking *lin«
«xe far higher than those of most girls.
Their luncheons are such Jolly, Informal
ailalrs that other girls have sighed 'to be
long to the club. But the membership Is
limit id to seven, the very cream as It
sere of the amateurs who can doff. -the
There ore tnan> Iadie3 who regard oik-
Ing as on. of the arts, and diligently per
fect themselves In It. The ladies who t>e
lonc to the luncheon clubs where the
dishes axe concocted by their own fair
nng*.rs arc all paet grand mistresses of
the- art utf cooking. '
These ladles bclocs to !unchecn~cilibk,
have their regular luncheon day about
once a month, and sit down to a daJmj'.
collation of £T<»od things thiit would have
made Lucuilus en\iou?. Eest of all. pro
fessional talent has not had a finder In
the feast. Each <ilsh has been prcparro
by one of the ladle..-; present. Tiicre'h&h
long b^t-n a great hue and cry abcut tht
Impracticability of a modern young wo
man's education. Ccnic sections and cook
ing are an impossible combination, saj
the grumblers. But chemistry Is also
down ir. the modern curriculum, and cer
la'.r.ly c<x)d cooking mean/" good eheu:
istry. It's all nor.?er>««» to imaging, ihat
the modern maid is incapable of perform
ing hourthold duties. She very wtst-Jy
hires some one o'.se to do them for her,
but fihe is potcnually capable of doing
them herself.
Bon vivants cf t::e BofceS&W and other
clubs who excel as« ajnat:::r chefs, have
often been excelled In print There Is
a little coterie of Puhrmiau Club men
who TcnoTv how to har.CIe the nliillet d.3
well as any lr.ardarin cf the cockstovc.
But the culinary telikveiaenU} cfjtftt.-e
epicures are excelled by the dishi^.-. m-e
pared by sone of their wives anil/fiauii:
ters. . ' 'f. ;¦ :•;
coelcs." he certain!}' owes Hie ladle-;
an aptlory- For tight here in San Fran
cisco arc any number ul 'girls who arc
masters cf the art culinary. They not
only ]:now how to trivt: a laiicSeoii cr din
ner, o-j! they ;ire at»!c tt> c^k any or all
the c!>rcs on :h« rr.tr.u. j ..
A ne^ re cine is p^red over ;:s enthusl-
UtlcaUy as a new figure l:i the gcrmai:
is practiced. They rot only know the
axior..? that govern al! jjood cooking, bin
have mastered the ' Intricacies. Their
di5h-.s <>.re as toothsome at. a:?y ever con
cocted by a white capped cfceT.
IXTRO VERSJE.
"T\r i>r>crt to "tihoot" ct quail en toast.
Or •"¦wlrgr" a chickrr. |ic:
To "popper" a divifc. broiled or 10.1st,
Or "bag" a p:;ron fry.
Lettuce have -rial cr!.<";> ani srwn.
Marpuax that v.-lll not dull u«,
Sauc<> mourtc^ine, run-.h nrijrai/^lae.
And dine a la L.ucul!ur.
¦ ¦-•;_.• •
BUT civilized man Cannot live with
out cooKs." Novr, if Owen Mere
dith meant • bv tl-.iit ' •professional
GRAPE FRUIT.
Remove the Inside, of a dozen, grape
fruit... Use only the pulp., not 'the skin or
fiber. Put It in a large bowl and add to
It one-half , dozen bananas cut Into dice*
a fresh ptneapple boiled until tender and
cut up. with the syrup In which it cooked
a pint bottle of cherries In maraschino',
with, the liquor; the Juice and pulp ot two
or. three oranges, and 'rum or whisky to
taste. ¦ Fill" the skins and set on ice
Oranges may be used Instead of grape
— •--—•• 'WALNUT WAFERS. *
¦^ Two eggs beaten, one cup brown sugar.
'. pinch of - salt, one cup chopped walnuts'
. three heaping tablespoons flour. Drop on
APPLE SALAD.
Mix equal amounts cf chopped apple
and- celery (or boiled celery root) with
mayonnaise. Scoop the center out of red
apples (.the centers moy be used In the
salad),' till with the mixture arid serve on
lettuce leaves. r
MISS WANDA BRASTOW GIVES
APPETIZING DESSERTS
MISS MAYCBOWELL TELLS OF A
• DELICIOUS SOUP.
CREAM OP LETTUCE SOUP.
Two heaus lettuce, two onions, a little
parsley. Put on and boll twenty minutes;
also put on boiler half full of milk and
boll. '¦ Strain .lettuce, etc.. and put In a
half tablerpoonf ul of white pepper and a
grating of nutmeg. Cream one Inch slice
cf butter (off the. square) with two table
cpoonfuls flour, and put half In the milk
and half la soup. Mix all together and
Just before serving add a pinch of soda.
Salt to taste, and a beaten egg.
A DELICACY . SUGGESTED B"2
MISS EDNA DICKENS.
T\*o-th!rd3 cup butter, 2 cups granu
ilated sugar. 2 cups flour. 1 cup mashed
sweet potatoes <hot). Vi cup sweet mill:. 4
eggs. 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 cup
grated chocolate or 2 squares melted, 1
rUp chopped walnuts. \± teaspoon each of
cluvbb. nutmeg, cinnamon; crer.m the but
ter £id sugar and yolks of eggs; add milk,
potuto', 'Spice and chocolate, sift baking
powder,- Into flour, beat whites cf esgs
stilt, stir flour into the batter, beat the
eggs in and add nuts last. Bake In Ions
Liscuit pan.
CREAMED CHICKEN LOAF.
'. Cut cold chicken into small pieces, do
not chop, make a cream sauce of butter,
flour'and milk, a tablespoon each of but
jer.'Wr.d- flour to one" cup milk, add a little
- •OiiJwn juice. . chopped parsley^ dalt ar.d
f pepper and mix the chtefcen-.fnto . it with
eome cut up mushrooms. Then take a
large loaf of bread and prepare as for an
oyster Joaf. Cut a piece off the top,
scoop out the center, butter the Inside
and toast in the oven. Then fill with the
chicken mixture and serve. A loaf of
creamed oysters made in the same way
* is ( very excellent. .'
POTATO CARAMEL CAKE.
chopped), mix in tne nour until quite st'ff,
then add milk, stirring and cooking slowly
until like cream. Take a teaspoon of this
on a plate dusted -with cracker crumbs,
aiUl a chop with a teaspoonful on top. set
one «lde until quite cold, mold into shape,
dip into beaten egg. then into cracker
crumbs and fry a light brown.
HISS FLOEENCE STONE OFFERS
CAKE AND CHICKEN.
sheets cf tin. buttered, and bake.
PLAIN NEW ENGLAND CAKE.
One cup sugar, one and a half cups
flour, three eggs, one cup milk, butter
size of an epg, one and a half teaspoons
baking powder, licit the butter and stir
into a little cf the milk. Beat this into
the sugrir. Then beat the three yolks
with the white of only one of the eggs and
mix Into the rest of tho milk. Then add
to sugar and butter. Sift baking powder
into ficiwi and aCC last. Beat well, flavor
with vanilla." Bake In long biscuit pan
and cover top. with the following frosting:
Frosting— Stir one-half cup milk Into
two cups siisrar. Coll trvo or three min
utes without stirring. Remove from fire:
add vanilla and teat to a cream. Spread
thick over the cake.
Dishes that Have
Made Another
Club Famous.
HERE are some of the recipes that
have made another club famous.
The ladies have given such a wide
rar~e of recipes that you ¦will find
dishes thai can be used at the breakfast
bell or dinner gong.
BACALON ESTOBADO.
One-half pound boneless codfish, soaked
over night, two good sized tomatoes, ona
large onion and some parsley chopped,
with pepper and spices to taste. Brown
ingredients with a piece of butter #he siza
of an egg. Mix with the codfish, which
has been soaked and shredded. Cook for
a half-lwur over a slow fire, stirring at
Intervals.
HAMBURG CREAM.
Take the yolks ofyelght eggs and a<Sd
the Juice and grated rind of two lemons
and two cups of sugar. Cook until It
thickens, thep add the beaten whites ot
the eggs. Serve very cold.
THE BEST WAY TO COOK EGGS.
Into an earthen platter put a tablespoon
of butter: when hot break In your eggs.
Pour a tablespoonful of sweet cream over
each egg and nlacfc In the oven to bake.
When set (or brown. If you like them
hard) serve In the same dish. Taste and
acknowledge that it is the best way to
cook eggS. « v
AMBROSIA.
Two slictd bananas, two oranges, four
slices of pineapple, two cups of stoned
cherries; sprinkle all with sugar. Arrange
nicely on a large dish with the berries,
and pour over all one quart of Ice cream.
ROMAN PUNCH.
Take three coffee cups of lemonade,
strong and sweet, one glass of champagne,
one grass of rum. two oranges (Juke only),
whites of twp ."gs* well whipped, one-half
pound of powdered sugar beaten Into the
stiffened whites. Ice abundantly, or. If
you prefer, freeze. v
BAVARIAN CREAM WITH VAXILLA.
Whip one pint of cream to a stilt froth
and put It aside. Boll another pint of rich
milk with a vanilla bean and two table
apoonfuls of sugar until It la well flavored,
then take It off the fire and add one-half
box of gelatin soaked for one hour In a
half-cup of water In a warm place near
the stove. When slightly coaled stir In
the yolks of four eggs well beaten. When
It has become quite cold and begins to
thicken stir It, without ceasing a- few min
utes, until It Is very smooth, then stir In
the whipped eream lightly until It Is well
mixed. Put In & mold and set on Ice to
c ° o1 - . HHRfflHHRi
THE SUNDAY :OAIiIi.
20
SOCIETY GIRLS
PREPARING
CHRISTMAS DINNERMen. women and children tore at the
burning brush with no thought for any
other thing or place. After a while Jo
stopped to wipe the sweat and sreeka
from his eyes and exclaimed:
yet. in the understanding of each other,
were a continent apart Only Martha
seemed to know, and Hal was learning.
As soon as all wero Inside and busy he
hurried out. tossed the brush aside and
whispered. "Quick! Cut for the ditch!"
The Indian crept to the corner of the
house, then sprang to h!3 feet and away,
apparently as s-wlftly and as easily as a
coyote, while Hal. standing with his back
to the closed door, on one pretaxt or an
other, kept both the dancers and their ns
itora from passing-. Bat another danger
startled even him. In hrs haste to Creo
the Indian he had thrown ths sage top*
too near the fire, which had reached out
hungrily and dtvoured them and waa
climbing- up the great pile beside the»
house. The light shone far out across tne
valley, and as the door was Cung open,
two rifle shots that were as one In soxmd
sent leaden vengeance to overtake tta vic
tim. He fell— no. he was up, and runnlngr
toward the ditch. Then h« disappeared:
also those who were bound by the law or
their tribe to take his life.
went through the changes with only one ,
hand for his partner.
"Lady in the center and all hands
round. Which are we. Periwinkle?"
"Lady, o* course!" she answered Indig
nantly. ¦ ,
Martha, looking and listening, amused
with' the cddlty of it all. felt a sudden
chill and' put out her hand to close the
Bide door near, which was standing partly
open, but some object prevented. Before
she could meve to learn what, the obstruc
tion was out of the crack and inside. She
could hear It. could feel it wriggling along
the floor, even pressing her feet forward
to get more room. ' It was > surely not a
pig. for It was apparently trying to be
quiet. She might nave screamed, though
Martha was not a screaming woman, but
u hand -grasped her ankle and a hiss of
warning ceme from the creeping creature.
Then she almost laughed at herself. Of
course It was only young Jake Schnieder.
the scamp! at seme trick. Well, he might
have his fun; she wouldn't spoil it.
Ihe swinging couple3 Jarred the floor
till the stovepipe chattered in its place in
the roof and threatened to fall. "Put It
cut. put it out!" went around the room.
Directly the stove was outside, the fire
poured on the frozen ground . and piled
with sage lops till the flames went crack
ling high in air.
Martha never dancod. so she sat and
watched the flrr. thinking, thinking, see
ing strange visions In the wavering, sway
¦ Ing, vaulting flame and smoke. She seem
ed to see faces, dark, intent, vengeful,
pc-ering at her from tho quivering heat.
They came and went and came again,
lifted high or dropped low 'and moved
stealthily nearer and nearer to the door.
They were children of the fire. th«e faces
of her waking dream, for they glowed
darkly red, and two were . hideous with
blackened cheeks and forehead. They
scemrd— pshaw! what was wrong with her
that she should have such notions? She
would think of something else, of Jakey
and his mischief. What d!d he mean to
do? She glanced at the space between
overhanging shawls near which he had
i-topped moving, and 'there, for one In
etan . f lay a red-brown hand closed about
the hilt of a hunting knife. Ah, then
those were real— not dream faces that had
shone out from the fire. .
Hal was still singing:
*Wfc»f» the matter with our caller?
We muit get s. better bawl*r.
Patty'* voice U rrowlniK smallfr;
I He's bound for the promised land.
"Say." grumbled Hunchy. "who is caller
here. I'd like ter know?"
"EUire, an" It's glnerally sahposed to b«
Hal's voice sounded above it all as he
shouted. "Vamose! Clear out! Shoo!
Git! It's supper time. Where's the water
bucket. Bob? Rake out the coals, some
body, and find the coffee pot. Where's
the table extension? Jo. take care of
Maggie; Cap'n Dean and I work behind
closed doors for a Bpeii. Now. then, what
next?" He had locked the door and stood
waiting, with the serious question in eyes
as well as voice.
"The Piute doctor is ln'here. The next
thing la to save him if we can." Hal
opened his eyes wide, th/n nodded and
laid his finger on his lip. She knelt by the
shawl-draped bench and a few swift
words passed between her and the unseen
fugitive. Then she went outside, while
Hal. obeying orders, rolled In the empty
barrels. set one in the middle of the room
and another near each end and lifted to
their place the two long boards that were
to, eerve as table. . ¦
Jo was doing gloriously. Martha said,
and she, too. laughed and Joked . even
tried to sing, but tha words that would
come were "far. far away"; and she
stopped, shivered/and complained of the
driugbt between the house and the sage
pile. "Let's fill it in," sne suggested. A
barricade of brush was quickly raised and
approved; then she went In after charging
them not to let the coffee boll over.
Hal had spread the tablecloths and was
openln? bundles, boxes and baskets. Mar
¦
Jo followed his lead, with his sleeves
rolled up. head - thrown back and f e*t
stamping the lively tune, but all the while
he was wondering what in time Marthy
was up to.
Jirei*. Jarsle. Jlsrsie. Jiersie-
Diddle, diddle, diddl*. diddle.
All cri«a-croB» 'n' flown the middle
With a rrett *lam bang!
With such a great slam bang:
fo» aalf an hour if you never did before.
There are Piutes out there. Watch them,
but don't seem to. Keep them together
somehow. Don't stare and don't ask
questions. It means a life." Jo nodded.
/ "Oh. wake up. Jo!" growled Tom Wat
kins, and Hal began:
N'ow we'll catch aholt the fiddl?
And we'll change to diddle, diddle.
Kiddle, diddle, -fiddle, diddle.
All erWt-crOM 'n' down the middle
THE SUNDAY CAJLL.
"There. I've spoiled the fence." she ex
claimed. "Never mind, the coffee is done
and supper is ready. Walt!" — to- the
Plutes, who were getting restless— "you
shall have some, too."
They hesitated, went inside and all
around the house,' even groped among the
sleepy swine, and. though still unsatisfied,
waited. And so. in the light of the burn
ing sage, fragments of two races filled
their cups from the same coffee-pot and
took bread from. the pvop |ta .plat*, *fid
tha carefully unfastened the ?lde door and
looked out; No one was there, and the
new wall cast a deep shadow past the cor
ner of the hoube. She stepped to where
the Indian lay and walked slowly before
the bench while he wriggled backward
out through the door and close to that
thin wall between him and death, then lay
there, face down and very still, while
Martha, closing the door softly,' answered
Hal'B cheerful nonsense, though her hands
trembled and her voice sometimes shook.
Then, going out again, she leaned care
lessly against the loosely piled sage till it
toppled over in a tumbled. Irregular, heap
beyond. Not a sound came from the
buried Indian. " *r**iHTI mt "flW
every good, to enjoy a little as If it had
been much, and how hearty In their wel
comes—yet how quick In their resent
ments! The rumble of wheels grew faint
er In the several dl3tance3. then stopped
entirely, and all the world beyond them
selves was still. Then Martha, told, her
story, with Marjory sleeping in her arms
and Jo listening in amazement and with,
many interruptions of "I swan!" "By the
Lord Harry!" and the like, ending with,
"Wa-all. Martha.; you do beat the Dutch,
an* no mistake."
At the touch of the cold pillow of her
little bed Marjory's eyes flew open with a
startled, pleading look- in their brae shad
ows.
"Mamma." she demanded, "te'.l me-!
What did God want Big Dolly tor?
Couldn't he find some other Christmas
present? I saw him. np there: no. Idess
I dreamed it." she added sleepily, and nes
tled down again. D!d she dream it?
Martha «at and watched the child,
thinking of the sorrowing Indian mother
and of that other Mary through whose
motherhood the nations were to draw to
rether. to contend often, to ualte some
times, but to truly harmonize— when?
"I guns," remarked Jo thoughtfully,
"if we went by such a rule there'd be
more graves o' doctors an.' not so many
o* their patients."
And so the Christmas morclng came,
with all the Joys: sorrows, the uncertain
ties of all the other days that have been
and that are to be.
• "Say. Marthy; you wotsldn t "a* had th*
ghost of a show to save that Injun If U
hadn't 'a'ben for tha sage."
- "Therefore, bless th* safe tor th*
phABce," Jits answered.
yersilf. yer Rlverence," answered Hal.
• "Then shut yer face and keep your blab,
out of it." •
"Yis. Darlint; I'll, be afther lettin'lt go '
as fast as I can."
As he bent to set Marjorie In her lap.
Martha-spoke close to his -car. "Don't
look. There are Plutes outside. What do
they want?" :• -"
"Don't know," he answered; "I'll find
out." He was soon back with his report,
which was that Mary's kid had gone up
the shaft and : the families were aft
.'er the doctor's scalp; that it was the third
Piute he had let go out of his hands to
the happy hunting grounds, or some other
place, and he must take the consequences;
also that they had tracked him to Bob's
cabin. ¦ : ; • .
Martha thought hard for one swift in
stant. "Hal!" He stood at attention. "At
the end of. thin dance get them all out and
help me set the table." He saluted and
turned as Hunchy shouted. "Swing with
yer partners and all promenade!"-^n tht»
hubbub that followed Martha went to Jo.
"They are all going out and Hal and I
will set the table. You go with them and.
Jo." laying her hand on his, "act the fool
been the child's mn.-t r>reclous pocses
elons, but had suddenly become of no
more value. She could not understand
that it was not hers by the ri£ht of dis
covery and cried herseif to sleep, at laat,
partly comforted by tiie promise of fre
quent visits and the prlvllepe of holding
It In hef "own, own arma."
From getting It for Marjory's sake Mar
tha learned to love the unHtnillng, uncom
plaining little creature whose round, soft
black eyes looked into hern without a
question, though they well might express
wonder at the strange name the new life
was to bear; for -Big Dolly It was. and
would remain. And now lilg Dolly was.
dying, they said. *
Martha gently swung aside the blanket
from Mary's doorway and went in. The
baby had scarcely noticed any one since
morning-, and the' Indian mother looked
up with dull, heavy eyes, • but. made no
answer to their words of sympathy, and
helpful offers, except that as-they left
her fad gaze followed the little fair-haired
girl who loved her baby bo, , and cooed
over him and fold him to. "be well to-mor
row."
As they went out a puff of smoke from
the smothered fire where they had baked
their evening calces rustled to' meet them
an If In ansT or reproach: 'a: crimson
flame glared fiercely for a moment, leap-
Ing toward ' them, raging mutely, In . its
helplessness, then crept beneath the frag
ments of charred wood and died, and the
ashes lay where it had been, and there
was no sound anywhere except , the ; far
away whining fcark of a coyote tangling
the air Ml a snarl of discordance. .-.••;
I It was drearily cold in there where Mary
crouched in the straw with ' her moaning
baby. In the straw! Was It this Mary or
the other whose child lay among heaps of
straw who was so happy— no, so exceed
ingly sorrowful?. Things seemed strange
ly mixed In Martha's mind that night. .
When they reached Bob Sanders* cabin
the company, sixteen besides themselves
and not Inoladlng- the children; had* all
come and, were waiting, for the fiddler,
while .they laughed and' joked- and sang
gay songs of frontier life as they stood
about' the stove, a sheetlron heater stand
ing in the middle of the house,; where a
partition was to be. Long, unplaned
hoards . were ranged alongr one side' and
end and upheld by nail kegs and dry
goods ¦ boxes. On thfse were heaped
shawls, cloaks and wooden hoods and net
tled among them a half dozen or eo or
children too >oung to dance and most of
them asleep. v
VO Ma'am Dean," Hal Richards called,
"did you -bring the pies? Come In. Jo, and
vrarm yourself. We'll blanket the 'team."
Ilnl was (everywhere and,-as- usual, al
ways talking or ringing and quite eclipsed
poor.' bashful, : awkward j Bob; , but I Betty,
jolly Betty,:. who- could cut her cord of
or lasso a. wild steer with the best
of them,? was i also quick of brain and
tongue and notensyto silence.-
After many a coquettish evasion and hi
larious game of tag partners, were se
cured and' the two oets took their places
at either, end of the long room, with the
red-hot stove between them. .
• "Fire away Jo!" "Screw up your music
box!" and loud- yawns and Imitation
snores never for an instant hurried Joseph
Dean, who /believed In ¦¦ "get tin' a good
ready." He eat in a rawhide chair on a
dry goo<*B box. with Hunchy Pat. the call
er, at his feet.' . .' . .-."'• ......
.¦ : -."C-r-e-a-k. c-r-a-w-k. turn, turn!" came
from the \ quivering strings. " Then . Joe
raised his chin, set the violin carefully In
place and held the bow poised while the
watting company," old and young, stood on
one foot listening for the first note of the
-tune. ¦ -¦..-,. :-.<¦ ¦ ¦ :¦¦' ¦ .•¦-.--.
- -'.'Slam . to yer pardners!" shouted
Hunchy, and the bow pounced on the first
wail or "Buffalo Girl"— very appropriate.
- considering . the -extraordinary perform
ance that followed, the bowing and bob
bing of heads, jerking of -shoulders and
scraping "of >f>etr the? awkwardness, , real
and assumed, of the merry crowd.-
O. the klote's phest. Is a-walkln' to-night.
Is ' a-walkln'.. to-night:
He hunts lsithe sage, when the stars are alight
And barks It the goose In the moo-oo-oon.
And barks. at the.soose in .the moq-oo-oon.
Sang Hal; bowing toward the violin and
striking In at the beginning of the tune.
"Don't ¦. he. Maggie Dean? ! Come i on, you
little Jumping Jack!" And he swung her
to hie shoulder, where she sat laughing
and clinging to his curly tocknot while ho
Marjory, tnen while the child sang her
dolls to sleep she stood by the window
thinking. There -was not a breath of
wind nor a speck of cloud. The air was
so bitterly cold that she almost wished
that they had not heard of the party; but
the bricks for. their feet were already hot
on the stove.- the heavy blanket* hung by
the fire and Jo was spreading a big arm
ful of hay In the wagon bed. Still she
stood there thinking.
She remembered their last Christmas eve
In dear old Vermont, where when it was
cold there was snow enough for sleighing,
and there were relatives and friends to
meet: and, too, there was a little grave
that belonged to them in those far-away
restful hills. Martha was glad, as i"
thought of it. that it was there, and not
here. How lonely it seemed: Nothing
moved as far as she could see, and that
was for miles.
-Mamma," a«»ked wee Marjory, softly
laying her rheek against the tired hand
that hung by her mother's eide. "Mam
ma, Is you lonesome?"
Martha locked at the child wonderingly,
then quickly smiled away the transient
sadness and ' prepared for the long, coM
ride.
"Jo" she said, as they crossed the
frozen ditch, "1 want to go round by the
Rar.cherle to see how Big Dolly Is. I
heard that he was sick."
"All right," answered Jo. turning the
horses' heads. Bless him! Everything was
always all right with him.
The "Rancherle" was a cluster of tule-t
thatched huts on a *jmdy ridge not far;
from the river and occupied by a small
band of Piute Indians, n part of the seven
or eight hundred allotud to the reserva
tion at the lake. As. tribal communism
had not proved very i.rofltable to the
minorttv who were gla<i to work, some of
these preferred spending -their . time ail
together, helping in the house or fields,
dressing much like their white compan
ions and answering to similar names that
had at some time been given to them: In.
fact, no amount of cunning questioning
could make them own to any other names
they solemnly declaring that they had
none. And so one of. these was Mary and
this is how her baby came to be Big
When the first alfalfa crop was being
harvested. that summer Mary,' with some
aunts and cousins, "raked the meadows
eweet with hay" for Joseph Dean and in
the afternoon domestic, social Marjorie
went out calling with her dolls and , little
wagon. The hay field was Just beyond
the ditch and she often Vent alone. Di
rectly there was a wild call for "Mamma,
mamma!" the eound of pattering feet. and
little wagon wheels hurrying across the
bridge and then screaming Indian women
In hot pursuit.
"What under the sun?" — but Marjorie
interrupted with "I fcun* it. I'foun* It.
Big Dolly. Mine; mine!" sobbing bitterly
as Mary came up and snatched from the
wagon a tiny red-brown baby wrapped
in a red calico anron. In its place eho
threw down the dolls . that . bad hitherto
JO DEAN laid his ringer carefully on
the end of the paragraph, and
peeping ever the top edge ol his
newspaper «aid elowly, as If only to
himself:
•"I wonder what Marthy Is lookln' bo
allftr»d cross about."
After a flral energetic Flam of the
Btovelid Martha turned.
"I'll tell you," she answered. "It's that
dirty, scraggy, abominable sagebrush.
Only a man with a bier streak of laziness
in him ¦would expect a woman to burn It."
"Don't It make a good fire?"
"Yes; but look at the floor and the stove
end my hands!"
"Sho. -now, and It might spile the pies.
"Well, I'll tend the fire."
"I wish you would." she said, shortly,
arid the Christmas baking went 'on.
Joseph Dtan, dear, pood Jo, knew that
I:!* wife was sadly hompsick for the
"evr rlastlng hills," with their sheltering
forests, and especially In the holiday
time for the eight of lifelong friends", and
he was wise enough to neither argue nor
reproach.
"Woo-hoo!" sounded outside the kitchen
door. Martha frowned and rattled her
pans harder, out otherwise took no no
tice. Apparently she scarcely fancied
having a man dash Into the back yard
rrith his coiled lariat and furry chappe
j-eros flapping n gainst his horse's side, tip
his broad-brimmed felt hat further bac
on his head and cry out "Woo-hoo." then
wait for pome one to appear, while he
leisurely flipped his quirt to and fro and
the animal stamped and pawed the smooth
ground about the door.
"Wo-oo-oo hoo! Ahwoo-ho-o-oo!" it
came again, impatiently, and still holding
to her mixing ipoon .«he opened the door.
But the clear blue eyes that met hers
held ruch a sparkle and the voice of the
voung man had «uch a hearty ring as he
ebouted "How dor" that she eoftened an
asked him to come In.
"Come in? No— haven t time. Bob San
ders has Iass-e3 Betty Washburne at last,
and were going to the jig to-night. It's
to be In Bob's new cabin on his claim,
ioa and Jo com* over. Now do!" he
pleaded ooaxlngly. as she made no an-
Jwer. "Everybody will carry grul>. and
we must have Jo and his fiddle. Say.
Ma'am Dean. I smell pies! sniffing to
"Come and get It, then. I'll not bring
''wth one spring he bounded to the
doorstep, said "How, Jo!" "He Mo, Baby
"Roll over. Ponto!" and 'Sic em Tab.
while Mrs Deaa^was going to the cup
board and back with a quarter section of
pie, then tried to kiss the hand that
brought It. Failing in that, he put the pie
to fail lips Instead, talking and laughing
the while like a merry schoolboy.
"Now. Ma'am Dean." he went on r>e
tween bits (he called her cap n when she
dldn't hear), "we must have someples for
to-night. We're positively starving: for
something good. You'll come. Jo?.- ; and
you, too. Maggie Dean, my own love, he
»ang catching the child In his arms. leap
ing to the Eaddle. spurring away in a diz
zy whirl around the house and then drop
ping her carefully on the step again with
'•So long-! I'm oft." No one had prom
ised, but all knew they would go. Hal
Richards always had his way with every
The day passed, the baking was finished
and Martha found time to slip. into the
bedroom to mark the few gifts for little
"Wall. I'll be tarred and feathered and
carried In a cart! Wiser* b« them Injuns
and who was shootin* a minute agoT'
No one knew and no one guessed except
Hal and Martha.
Midnight came and went before th* torn
was safe: then ther tilled the new ens*
board with the remnants cf the feast, re
placed the stove, save three cheers for
Bob and Betty, wished them rack and a
hundred merry Chrtstmases. promised to
haul as blgr a. woodpile as they had burned
and went their various ways.
As they ; drove away Martha, looked
back. She was "like Lot's wife," Jo said;
"but then there wa'n't never ranch dan
ger for her; she was cat'rally th« salt o*
the alrth."
All was quiet. A pillar of smoke restefi
on Its glowing base, pointing: straight up
through the frosty air to as blue, unmeas
ured depths as- brooded over Bethlehem
and shone with as glorious stars of prom
ise. How neighborly these people were,
after all; how ready to make the most of
21
¦/
CHRISTMAS EVE IN THE SAGEBRUSHobliging them wttn rae sw^ora to oe oap
tlzedln the river Elb— It • was ; natural
that' they,, did 3 not. like: to give -up this,
their cherished time of- rejoicing. And
were there not many ..things which: made
it easy to chanjeejt^into a .Christian festU
' were adorned! wit* gre^n branches, which
were necessarily taken ' from or, trees, as
they were the only ones to be' had I at that
season. A boar was roasted for the meal.
The reason why this feast' was celebrated
at this particular pVrlod la evidently, the
dedicated to the greatest god. Great Joy
reigned in the streets and In the houses,
where every guest was welcome. A great
Christmas log burned in the chimney: it
was allowed to get It 'In. the' woods with
out being accused of - theft. -. The rooms
eye. the eun; who wears tee gray hat or
clouds and the bins cloak of storm;- who
blesses the field and gives victory; who is
altogether the giver all good things.
Imrlng tnese twelve days all work ceased,
all fg-htjnp was icierropted: it was a tlma
goes , rrom , hand to ; hand,': each recipient f
hoping with a kind of excitement that ha
may be the last one. This Is called "Jul-
Klapp" — which might '- be translated Into
Jul-Trap.
.-. In the churches Chris tmaa Is. celebrated.
tree, be It ever so email, for his famj/y.
When one travels on the railways In De
cember one meets large wagons carrying
the small fir trees from our woods to the
large cities and In the cities before Chrlst
«a»* iU market places look llk« woods
manger. Into which, the holy Infant was
laid, Mary and Joseph, the shepherds
coming from the fields to adore, are in
tended to impress the children very vivid
ly with the event, of which Christmas is
only a reminder.
Before we turn to the third custom, the
presents, we mu3t mention another re
minder of the old heathen time. "Knecht
Buprecht" — bondman Ruprecht — goes
about before Christmas, an old man.
dreased In fur. snowflakes on his largo
beard and rod in his hand, a large bas
on his back. In the latter he carried hia
presents for the children, but he wishes
first to frighten them with the rod. so
thct they may know that naughty chil
dren deserve no present, and that they
can only expect such if they are good
and obedient to their parent3. In some
parts of Germany the figure bears an
other name. Something of that kind is
known in almost all parts of Germany—
but it is more in old tradition, as some
thing actually done everywhere. ,: - ¦;¦-.
The Christmas presents are perhaps tha
principal feature of German Chrlstia&a.
It is they which In the mind of every
child raiso the 21th of December beyond
all other dates in the year. The oldest
man or woman will never forget the thrill
of joyful excitement, when the father rings
the bell, the doors are thrown open and
the children are admitted into what seems
to them Hke paradise. They find not only
the adorned and lighted Christmas tre«
bvt each one of them a table spread for
him. Before Christmas everybody In the
house has his secrets. -Now these secrets
are being revealed and the children hasten
to their different tables, curious to see
whether their hopes and wishes have been
lea'ized. But the"»e tables are not limited
to the children. Christmas Is a home fes
tival in the fullest sense of the word. Not
enly the family in the sense proper but
the whole house meets under the Christ
mas tree. For each of the servants there
Is also a table of Christmas boxes. Some
times the servants prefer receiv
ing money, tut even then small
gifts, a good almanac, some apples and,
gingsrfcread are added, so that the table
may not s;*em empty. In houses without
distinct religious feeling the presents are
simply siver. — In Christian families the
children generally recite Christian hymns,
the old and ever new gospel. Luke 11:1-14
is read, the father adds a few words and
in prayer the whole household stands be
fore God.
It cannot he denied that the universal
exchange of presents has many draw
backs. It makes the vreeks preceding
Christmas a time cf very hard work. In
the stores work goes on till late at night.
On the fourth Sunday in Advent churches
are generally empty in Germany, aa
everybody is far too busy with the prep
arations. Much money la spent and
earned. It !s for many parents a hard
tax. fcr those who earn in business and
who receive gifts a temptation to forget
the gi\er over the gift. The poor are apt
to look forward to presents, and to get
thereby greerl of. money. For all those
who have to give it Is a time of hard
/work. Thoughts must be kept together
' so that nobody and nothing may be for
gotten. Therefore somebody recently said
with a kind of truth: "Many arrive at
Christmas with empty purses and empty
hearts." But notwithstanding all these
abuses, who would like to abolish the
presents at Christmas? Christmas cele
brate* the great gift .of God to mankind.
It ir the feast of love. Therefore every
body must t-how love to all around them.
Parents show this love to their children,
masters to their servants— but in their
turn the children like to bring their
parents seme gift of their own making,
nnd also brothers nnd sisters have some
thing for each other. Charitable people
Invite poor families ot^bring presents to
their hcmc3. Poor peopre who are looked
after by the churches expect something
at Christmas. Kvery body is to be made
happy! Even in the Sunday schools It is
Impossible to let the children go without
a Christmas gift. Large presents ax» not
given, so as not to attract them by earthly
means, but a small picture, a calendar, a
book or something of the kind shows the
children that they are recipients of God's
rood things. With Christ Joy and happt
- ness came Into the world. If his birth is
celebrated it must be done in a way that
it is indeed a period of great Joy. And
such It is in Germany, especially for chil
/dren. but also for such who share tha
joy of their children and feel young again
in them, and tlnally also for those who
live in the memory ol a happy childhood.
«7rp 8 the Christmas season again
// \\ draw* r.igh our thoughts are nat-
Jf » tirally directed to the way In which
it is kept in the different countries.
TTnfioubtedly there is no country where
Christmas Is made so much of as in Ger-
Snany. It Is cot always easy to find out
the origin cf the different Christmas fes
tivals. It «*eems natural that the church
of Christ should keep the earthly birth
flay of her Lord, but there was one diffi
culty—that is the uncertainty of the real
day. TChat Bishop Jacob of Edessa said
In the seventh century, "Nobody knows
the day of Christ's birth." remains true
•until the present day. It is the same with
the place of the birth, as the conflicts
¦which have always taken place in the
Holy Land between the different sections
of the Christian churrti show. Perhaps
the Lord Intentionally allowed a veil to be
thrown over the exact dates of the events
of his earthly life in order to avoid a su
perstitious use of those dates, which
Trould easily draw people away from their
true spiritual value. This might be an
argument in favor of those Christian
<rhurchee of Protestantism which have
abolished those feasts altogether. The lat
ter view, however. Is not much in accord
ance with the general feeling of the
Christian population, especially in the old
countries. Particularly in Germany the
popular tendency to have festivals is very
jrreat. and Christmas, preceded by the
Advert fesson, followed by New Tear and
"Twelfth-night." Is certainly the greatest
of them. Pope Gregory the Great E.ild:
••The heathen festivals must gradually be
ch.ir.ged Ir.to Christian ones, and the
Christian festivals must imitate these of
the time before Christ." and this principle
eeems to have been very generally adopt
ed. If in Italy the old Saturnalia and
Crumalla of the Romans have been turned
Into a celebration of the nativity, there
can be little doubt that in Germany the
old "Jul" festival was the foundation for
our Christmas. The "Jul" festival was
the greatest of our heathen forefathers.
Jt began en the night of the 24th of De
cember and lasted twelve nights, until the
Cth of January— the reafon why the day ol
Epiphany, which in some parts of Ger
many also bears the name of "high new
year." is called the Twelfth-night. It was
dedicated to the god Wodan. the "god of
heaven" of the old Germans, ¦with one
eye. like the sky. which also has but one
Now the Christmas txte Is not lim
ited to the home — we generally put It
also In the churches, and especially in all
Christian Institutions. No Christian
meeting-plaoe would like to remain with
out It. In the Toung Men's Christian
Association there always is a Christmas
festival for such young men as have
no home ties In the place where they
are living. Christian poetry has also
made the tree, which is generally short
ened Into "Christ baume" (Christ-tree), a
subject of different hymns, one of which
says, "The Christ tree Is the best of
trees."
Besides the tree we generally find in
Christian Institutions and in many
Christian homes the manger; that la, a
plastic description of the birthplace of
Christ. The simple place, with the
The origin of the Christmas tree for all
that remains unknown. Some people say
that it i-ame to us from the Scandinavian
countries. Others think it was probable
that It should be after all a reminder of
the old "Jul" feast, where the houses
were decorated with branches. That It
should be a fir tree Is not only necessi
tated by nature— only evergreens are
green In the midst of winter, but the
very quality Is a symbol of a good which
is not temporary and transient, like
earthly gooffs. The lights on the tree are
a symbol of Him who is the light at tht
world, who has come to lighten our dark
ness. The ornaments on the tree axe
symbols of all the good things, spiritual
and temporal, which God, the father of
lights^ from whom cozneth every good and
perfect gift, bestows on bis children, it |a
always a great pleasure for parents to
adorn the tree, which Is generally done to.
a room, closed during that period, for ts*
children. They light it up in the even
ing of the 24th. and then the tree gener
ally remains aa It Is. an emblem of the
whole Christmas season, until the 3d. ot
January, at some places until the 8th,
On the last night of the year it is gen
erally lighted once inor«. Then, when
the time Is over, the children are al
lowed to plunder it.
from all the trees offered for sale. It Is a
line sight to walk on the evening of the
24th of December through the streets, as
one sees through the windows a lighted
tree In every house.
gers and the cap
tain had no thought
of dispensing with
the Christmas tree.
When Emperor Fred
erick spent his last
Christmas on earth
as German Crown
Prince at San Remo,
the German home on
Italian ground was
naturally adorned
with the Christmas
tree. We find the
tree in every Ger
man home, from the
palace of the Empe
ror to . the smallest
house of the work
- lngxnan. He must
be very poor. Indeed,
who cannot afford a
rsturn of, the sun to the •' earth. The
shortest day Is over, the days begin again
to lengthen and this is an event of im
portance for the Inhabitants of a northern
clime. The "Jul" festival Is the feast of
th* returning sun.
The popular idea was that at that time
the gods came down upon the earth to
bless humanity. Sacrifices were made in
their honor, things were brought out for
them to bless— for instance water, which
was then considered as consecrated when
our forefathers were Christianized— we
intentionally use this expression, because
many of these were brought to the nsw
relie'^n by forca ef trms, Charlemagne
val ? Why has : the Christian church
chosen the' 2E:h of December for the cele
bration" of. the" nativity? Is it" not be
cause of the symbol that Christ Is the
spiritual sun who makes an end to the
darkness of this earth? When the days
"diminish again — June 24th— we remember
John the Baptist, who said, "I must de
crease, but he must increase." When the
long -winter nights have reached their
longest~we celebrate the coming of him
P" o calls himself "the lisht of the
rid." i
..So very naturallv the old heathen "Jul"
feast ' wa<« gradually transformed into
Christmas. *What our heathen fore
fathers only fancied, that their gods visit
ed the earth in that night, has become
true when the son of God became man at
Bethlehem. The Imagined blessings of
the god -Wodan became real when God
visited his people.
• A reminder of ¦ the. old name Is to be
found In one Joke which -is still some
times made at Christmas. A present Is
being, packed up in a great many paper
wraps, each one bearing a different ad
dress. The child which receives the par
cel opens it, and then finds to its dismay
that It must give it on to another person,
•whose name Is in the second wrap. So it
like Easter and Whitsuntide, by two days
—one might almost say, by three days.
as a divine eefvlce In the afternoon or
evening of the . 24th of December In the
lighted church with a Christmas tree la
almost universal now. Nevertheless
Christmas has maintained its character
of a family feast. The home la Its chief
center. Among the peculiar German cus
toms we must mention the manger, the
tree an^d the presents. Originally the
manger was more considered as an Insti
tution of the Roman Catholic church, the
Christmas tree as Protestant — but this
difference has entirely vanished. Now
we find both among Catholic and Protest
ant. The Christmas tree has spread won
derfully quickly all over Qermany and
beyond. Yet It lssnotan old Institution.
We find the first Christmas tree at
Strassburg In Alsace in the year '1604.
Sometimes we see pictures of Luther, sit
ting with his family under, the Christmas
tree, but these pictures contain an anach
ronism. ( They only show how Impossible
the Idea for a German now is to fancy
Christmas without the Christmas tree.
Kvery German wants his Christmas tree.
The writer of these lines once spent
Christmas on a German steamer between
Southampton and New York. Though the
_ »ea was very rough
the German passen-
THE SUNDAY CAIiIj.
22
CHRISTMAS IN THE FATHERLANDTHE SUNDAY CALL.
23EHE BUVDHT C&lXu
24Paps 25 to 36
Pages 25 to 36
ps-ry-^HE mystery in which the attempt
11 of Paul Antoine, acting French
i Consul at this port, to take his
¦*^ own life was involved , has been
dispelled and from it has devel
oped a social tragedy. Rather than pub
licly admit that he had married a woman
whom he could not honorably introduce
as his wife Antoine sent a bullet into his
brain. • He had been leading a double life
and the stress of it forced him to suicide.
To many ' people he, was a brilliant man
of affairs, well educated, socially well
connected, a good fellow, a generous host
and a welcome guest in the, exclusive cir*
cles of the city. His official position gave
h;m prestige, his manners and education
band made his home at 571 Ellis street.
Again and again tne wife demanded that
the marriage be made public.
¦ "When I make our marriage public." '
said Antoine. "I will kill myself. It would
cost- me my friends and my position."
- Antoine's Threat of Suicide,
The wife laughed at him and dared him
to carry out his threat. Then there were
stormy scenes. Incident of misery, quar
rels in which outbursts of anger were fol
lowed by reconciliation. The climax was
reached on Friday. Time after time the
jealous wife had chided her husband and
on Friday she determined to put her own
suspicions to the test. She employed a
messenger boy to follow her husband and
Made Desperate by the Jealous Chidings of His: Wife
and Dared by Her to Kill Himself He ..Commits
the Act ~ Which Completes : a Social Tragedy.
PAUL ANTGINE, ACTING FRENCH
CONSUL, SHOT A BULLET IN T0 HIS
BRAIN TO CLOSE A DOUBLE LIFE
JOHN* ADDISON- PORTER, FORMERLY PRIVATE SECRETARY TO
PRESIDENT McKIKLEY, WHO DIED YESTERDAY AFTER A LIN
GERING ILLNESS AT HIS HOME AT PUTNAM. CONN.
"I was on ' duty -' at i the j bar," - he said,'
"when a ",- tall ' blonde •¦ woman,' dressed * in
black, entered the ; place. She called; for
a glass of port wine and : I ushered her
into the front office. . She drank the wine
and stated that ' she wanted to telephone.'
She left with the remark that 'she. would
return later. ' Soon after * her , disappear
ance my neighbors ¦ came in fone I by. one
Henry. Goldman, proprietor of : a» liquor
store at 1535 : Devlsadero street,: denies ab
solutely that Antoine ever came into', his
place. Last evening he, was shown a pho
tograph of Antoine, but claims he would
not -know, the man. -. He '; tells-; a i story of
a strange .woman who came. Into his store
and acted in a peculiar manner, on Fri
'day night about; 8 o'clock. . • .. .
Journey of ths . Jealous Wife,
"I was too good a friend to laugh at the
excuse for the -accident. 'but I made up
my mind that It was a- blow on the hea/l
tha 4 t had made the wound. ' A day or, a-j
afterward I went up to the office again'
and noticed that • a big • glass door had
been broken. I was told that burglars
had triad to force an entrance to the
place, but I did tiot believe it I am now
certain that his wife iiad found him up
in the ofllce late at night,? after * he ; had
been trying to avoid her all day. and that
the door was broken in the struggle. . ThiJ
morning the Minister of 'Foreign. Affair*
was notified of the sad affair. A telegram
was sent him ] as follows: 'Poor Antoine
has either been murdered or ... commltte-d
suicide.'" . '
"I have known Antoine for several
years, and know him to be a 'splendid fel
low," said J. Clerfavt, a friend of . An
toine, last night. "When Consul de Tro
briand left for Paris In April of this year,
he left the entire consulate business In
the hands of Antoine, of whom hd
thought the world. This made Antolne's
salary run to over $363 a month. ' Previous
to his promotion. he oniy earned about J1G5
a month. Antoine was a great bohemlan
and very much of a gentleman. He was
to be found every night in Zinkand's with
friends, but.I seldom saw him In the com
pany of the woman wiib'now claims that,
she is his wife, r About a week ago I was
up in Antoine's office -n the French con
sulate headquarters and saw Antotne. He
seemed very nervous and complained that
he was not feeling well. I noticed a scar
across his forehead, which I thought was
a blow that he might have received frptn
the girl he was keeping company with.
He told me that he , received the scar
by stumbling against a door when he was
shaving himself. '.,...
Fears of the Consul's Friends.
In this domestic tragedy many people
have contributed testimony to show the
motive of the desperate act of Antoine. -
There the . quarrel^, was renewed with
greater .bitterness.':.' Again . the husband
threatened. to kill himself and end the un
happlness he "had brought- upon himself.
His wife laughed . at him. He drew a
pistol from a drawer, loaded It and placed
the muzzle against his forehead. The
woman Jumped forward to stop him. but
she was too late.. Antoine had fired a
bullet into h's bra.n.
liquor store of H. Goldman, at 1535 De
vlsadero street, where it was his habit to
meet a woman of his acquaintance. When
his wife accused him of having been there
he confessed t .the fact. A storm of words
followed and the couple left the house to
go to the husband's apartments.
The police have left nothing undone .to
clear away the j mystery of Antoine' s des
perate act. ; Amotig j the j persons ' interro
gated was Cirilo Elorduy, a music teacher
who lives ,at-"42S "Eddy." street. 'She' was
with. Antoine and bis wife on-Thanksgiv
ing night, and then ~ the acting Consul
threatened to 1 kill himself. He* drew ¦ hla
pistol and declared 'that he would.be free
from the jealous woman once and for all.
The couple -had been quarreling bitterly.
: Mrs. Antoine wa* detained until a late
hour yesterday afternoon at the .City
Prison. She was. greatly agitated over
the tragedy and took no pains to conceal
the terrible fact 'of., her - jealousy, 1 - her
taunts and her Incessant upbraldlngs of
her husband.. She related the' circum
stances under which she met her hus
band ! and subsequently married him. • Sh«
declined to tell much of her. antecedents,
but -admitted that her family -lives la
Berkeley. As- she spoke a man calling
himself Nell Bainbridge and representing
himself as her ' brother appeared at the'
prison 'and 'cautioned her to be silent.*- '
- ' Mrs. > Antoine. - declared • that " every I day
she and her husband had ; violent scenes
consequent* upon her accusation that he
was /paying attention to other- women. 1
She '.related, the "Incidents of Friday and
declared that her nuuband had confessed
his assignation,, promised not . to repeat
the offense. and .publicly to acknowledge
ihT'.'iii lils wife 'fills ilia not satis'v i **»
She pays she again upbraid-ji .him and
he declared : that he .would end fit all. by
killing himself. She went with him to his
apartments.- where r the .quarrel. was re
newed^ and the climax in the trag
edy. The. « wife - called the husband =• a
coward and ' a , fool and he i put -. the bullet
Into . his brain. » After ' being : detained • for.
hours ' at .-. the > prison . the . woman - was re
leased and ¦ went at once :¦ to * the . French
Hospital to the bedside of her. dying hus-
The "Wife Tells Her ¦ Story.
•j! "I never had nicer guests in my life,
and I cannot: say enough good about -Mr.
and Mrs. Antoine. They, .first came to my
house In April of this year. They, stayed
two months and .then left They returned
In September and again | left in October.
They always seemed happy, and I never
heard them have. any trouble, nor did I
hear faj cross word exchanged between
them." ,: - . \ ¦ . . :¦-¦¦ -~.k
"I was In ray store a few minutes after
8 o'clock last night," Hansman said,"
"when the woman came In. She wanted
to know all about Goldman.* She asked
me v several Questions about whether he
was married and . where he lived. . She
then left" t ; »
For several months this year Mr. and
Mrs. . Antoine" lived . at "the. Gotham." on
O'Farrell and Mason streets." " Mrs. Mor
ton, who conducts .the nouse, has this to
say about the couple: -
' H.Hansman of the firm of Hansman &
Alder,- 1533 Devlsadero street, was inter
viewed by. the unknown woman. He con
ducts an upholstery store and "The "Wo
man In Black" bought a pillow Friday
night in order to pave her way into his
confidence. :
* : — ¦ — ¦ +
and asked me If I ¦was In trouble. They
told 'me that a strange woman had asked
them about me and claimed to be a female
detective. She said she was working up a
divorce case "that meant half p a million
dollars for her" and that she was anxious
to find out about "that man Goldman
across the street" She claimed to know
that I was running with a rich man; that
she was anxious to find out if I was mar
ried and If I lived in the neighborhood."
won him xespect and he was equal with
the best in the bohemlan and social life
of the city. He well, spent his
money freely and posed In perfect har
mony with the high class environment in
vhlch he found himself.
To many other people Antoine w:>s a
very different man. He was the com
panion of a woman who had been Ions
eno'igh in the tenderloin to earn several
aliases. He was a roisterer who need'd
no Instruction In that reckless, dangerous
life which begins after the electric lights
go out. He was a patron, with his com
panion, of houses which do not register
their guests. He was a gay spirit when
sober men are asleep. He was leading
two lives and those that knew him saw
cnly the surface of both. .>"I-*{
Behind his staid polished behavior In the
clubs and his boisterous midnight suppers
in the tenderloin was another life, an ex
istence of misery, of quarrels and crim
inations, of fisticuffs and disgraceful
scenes. His companion was his wife, a
Jealous, hot-tempered woman, who slapped
his face one moment and caressed him the
next; who had pleaded with him and won
from him the document which made her
his wife, and who then threatened to ex
pose him for an act which lie had consid
ered honorable.
Misery of His Secret Life.
By this woman Antoine was harassed
incessantly. His slightest movement was
watched by her Jealously. She shadowed
him to his place of business; to the haunts
where he met his friends and found recre
ation. She chlded him for his attentions
to other women. She scratched his face,
pulled his hair and upbraided him in vio
lent language. When he sought to calm
her she threatened to publish the fact
that she was his wife and In that publica
tion degrade him. When lri desperation
he threatened to kill himself and end the
storm and stress of his secret life, she
taunted him to keep his word, and now
he is at the door of death with a bullet
in his brain.
Paul Antoine met his wife three years
ago. She ' was then Mrs. Belle Posener.
the divorced wife of Julius Posener, whose
father gave her $100 with which to secure
a separation. She had been a saleswoman
in a local dry goods store, but after her
divorce she engaged in no regular occu
pation. She was known as Belle Chapelle
and then as Belle Forrest It was easier
for her to change her name than her po
sition.
Antoine met her and fell In love with
her. She seemed to reciprocate his feel
ing, and after two years and eight months
of pleading she per sauded him to marry
her. "
On many occasions he had promised her
that he would so so, and one night he de
clared that he was ready to keep his word
on one condition. He insisted that their
marriage be kert a profound secret. The
woman agreed to this, and on August 13
last she went to the office of the marriage
license clerk and secured a license. She
deliberately misspelled her own name and
that of Antoine.
On the following day the couple were
married by the Rev. H. H. Wikoff. with
F. Ellis Miller and A. H. Dorian as wit
nesses. The marriage did not change the
current. of affairs, which was drifting In
evitably to a tragedy. The woman be
came more and more exacting. She haunt
ed her husband at his office, followed him
on the streets, and constantly upbraided
him for what she Insisted was undue at
tention to other women. She demanded
that he acknowledge her as his wife. The
couple had? lived ; at 'various ' lodging
houses and then they decided that it was
best to live apart. The wife 'took apart
ments at S5S Geary street and the hus-
report to her his movements. The boy
did as he was directed.
At 6 o'clock Antoine called at his wife's
apartments on Geary street. She asked
him where he had been. He fabricated a
story to suit the occasion and the woman
reproached him. Ahtolne had been to the
Special Dispatch to The Call.
- BOSTON, Mass., Dec. 15.—"Foster-Jor
dan-At New York. December 3. by Rev.
Dr.*G. C. Houghton. Gerard S. Foster of
Utlca and Jessie Jordan' of Sacramento.
Cal." "*- . - : .
This innccent little marriage notice tells
the story of another Harvard-Columbia
Theater romance, the lady In the case
being a member of "The Cadet Girl" cho
rus prior to her marriige". w&lle' the man
in the case is a Hancard student. She Is
fair to look upon, but deficient In wealth.
while he. Gerard S. Foster, is _ the' son of"
David S. Foster, a millionaire ¦ merchant
of Utica.N.. Y. His grandmother, .whose,
favorite he is. is also rated as possessing
at least one million.' it was in October
that the young couple met. Miss Jordan,
who is described as a beautiful. 'woman,
was In the chorus of "The Cadet Girl"
one night when young Foster and a chum
met herself and another chorus girl. It
was a case of love at first sight. They
were together much, and there was great
happiness for both until Manager Cham
berlyn announced that the company was
going on the road. That meant separa
tion and both were disconsolate, , for
young Foster was in duty bound to re
main In Cambridge. Love demanded other
wise, and as is usually th-scase. duty
lost. Foster decided to accompany the
troupe, hiring a parlor car in which he
and a few choice spirits followed the show
all over -New England at a' cost ,of over
$1000 per week. 1 Late in November the
company disbanded in New York and the
young lovers' path was troubled. "Foster !
CALIFORNIA CHORUS GIRL
MARRIES MILLIONAIRE'S SON
proposed marriage. The girl accepted.
This was on December 3. Where to get
married was then the question. Bath
were young.
- He will not be 21 until next month, and
his bride is some weeks younger, and
trouble was feared in finding a clergyman
to tie the knot. A friendly hotel clerk
suggested the world famous "Little
Church Around the Corner." To that place
they .went in a carriage. The bride had
no attendants, the gToom no friends for
witnesses. Dr. Houghton - received them
in his study, and after satisfying himself
that the. hearts were all right married
them, members of his household -Acting as
witnesses/
-That day Mr. Foster wrote his father,
telling him of his marriage. The answer
he received was not exactly in the "Bless
you, my children" line, he objecting to "a
theatrical person." Then Mr. Foster's
-money began to give out. and- be left his
bride to see his father. So far as it is
known, he is with him yet.
'Mrs. Foster returned to Boston and re
. sumed her stage work, signing with Mr.
Chamberlyn for work in the chorus of
"Mlladl" and "The Musketeers," which
are now rehearsing: in this city. It is not
thought, however, that she will stay long
on the stage. Indeed, it is said that she
will soon retire to private life, setting up
an establishment In Cambridge with her
husband, as did Mr. and Mrs. Brlce, who,
it will be remembered, married in much
the same way.
BRITISH FORCES ARE FIGHTING
WITH BOXERS NEAR PEKING
The railroad opening which waa to have
taken place to-day has been postponed
owing: to the road not being ready for
traffic.
The French report the approach on th«
Chinese imperial city of 10.000 men. Pao
ting-FuV their garrison fifteen miles west,
being attacked by the advance guard.
They have applied to Li Huns Chang and
demand ; that he prevent the march of
these troops owing to the peace negotia
tions. _ . .
that orfe of the " wour.de<r Chinamen said
while dying: "Ton can kill me. but you
cannot kill the Boxer movement, which
will exfst until ' every foreign devil in
China ia killed."
Fortunately the Chinamen had only a
few carbines and were bad shots, and
none of the British .troops were wounded
during the * fight. ; Forty . Boxers _ were
killed;' a- "number were wounded and many
captured and brought to Peking. Owing
to the killing of the informer no treasure
was obtained. '
¦ Tullock says the people , of ; Peking did
not realize the contempt In which they
are held in the country districts. He adds
PEKING. Dec 15.-^Colonel Tullock has
returned here. He reports- having had an
exciting; experience, j His detachment was
fired upon, eight miles from Peking.
He could not discover the assailants, as
they used smokeless : powder and modern
guns. He camped for the night at a place
called Kaollying, eighteen miles from
here, meeting- with, slight, opposition, but
he was Informed he would be attacked
the next -day by Boxers from Dehhal
ying. and sent for reinforcements. Fifty
men ' under Lieutenant . McPherson : of the
Twenty-sixth Bcluchlstan Regiment were
sent to his aid. Immediately after their
arrival Tullock attacked the town, .which
had been entered by the .use of scaling
ladders. •': :.'.•; *¦ .. ;. 1 ¦ .
-••In the i attack McPherson distinguished
himself." : He Tied the , scaling party which
reached the town. Jumping down Into the
place and emptied his revolver/killing five
men. He then drew, his sword and de
fended- "himself; until his - men ¦ arrived in
force .and saved.' him from impending
death.- Colonel Tullock speaks highly of
the lieutenant's" action. He, says he be
lieves he did a deed .which merits the Vic
toria Cross 'in his "Jump to what was ap
parent'certain death. In order to lead hla
men who were coming up the ladder.; _
ciety, and that the 22,000 members in tho
United States will probably not r»c«tv« a
cent of the money they have paid In as
assessments. There is not a dollar tn the
hands of the temporary supreme treasurer
at present, it was said, and the only as
sets of the order, it waa stated, are the
$30,000 bonds of the Fidelity Deposit Com
pany of Maryland, which furnished se
curity for the late treasurer, WllHam
Wilson of this city, and about U3,0» 4u«
from members on the December mm
man**- - \ . ¦-. • . mo,
* ' Save • Paid Tn. • :
NEW YORKj Dec. 15.— It was stated
to-day at the office of the supreme treas
urer of the Order of Chosen Friends In
Newark. N. J.. that the appointment of
Cyrus J. Clark as receiver of the order la
Indiana means the dissolution of the so-
Thousands of Members May Never
Receive a Cent for What They
no con* nr tbeasttby
OP CHOSEN" FBXE2TDS
THE WOMAN. WHOM PAUL ANTOINE DARED NOT ACKNOWLEDGE PUB
LICLY AS HIS WIFE, AND WHO TAUNTED HIM TO END HIS EXIST
ENCE IN 5 SUICIDE.
tion when modest men will modestly wait
while the highest tribunal on earth is set
tling it, and I will not inject volunteer
statements into the ear of the public at
this time."
Anti-imperialists In Congress are de
lighted with the position taken by Mr.
Harrison. Representative DeArmond of
Missouri said:
"Mr. Harrison's arguments are un
doubtedly sound. In. my mind It Is un
thinkable that legislation can go ' where
the constitution dees not."
Supporters of the administration com
ment upon the peculiar circumstances un
der which Mr. Harrison delivered his in
augural address. He wrote it primarily
as an article to be published. It would
not have appeared until after the argu
ments had been made In the pending
cases, in the Supreme Court By deliver
ing it m Ann Arbor he has got It out so
that his arguments will be available for
the use of attorneys in the pending cases,
and he. rather than the attorney before
the court, will get credit for them.
While former President Harrison waa
In Washington last week he was enter
tained at dinner by Justice Harlan and
by Justice Brown of the Supreme Court.
All of the members of the court wens at
both dinners. It is suggested that Mr.
Harrison may , have had an opportunity
to discuss the constitutional -juestlon in
volved at these dinners.
CALL BUREAU. V 1406 G STREET, N.
W.. WASHINGTON. Dec. 15.— Former
President Benjamin Harrison's sensation
al attack upon President McKinley's Phil
ippine and Porto Rlcan policy brought
forth many bitter comments here, but
that was not needed to arouse the sup
porters of the President to the fact that
they are standing face to face with a cri
sis in the Government's colonial affairs.
Representative Payne of New York, who
had charge of the Porto Rlcan legislation
which Mr. Harrison so severely criticized,
E&id to-day:
"The constitutional question which Mr.
Harrison discusses Is now before the Su
preme Court. I do not believe that what
he Bald, will influence the court. His
fpe^ch has not changed the conviction
which I had on this subject when I signed
the report of the Ways and Means Com
rnittee on the Porto Rlcan bill- I believe
(he bill to be constitutional. It. is In ac
cord with precedents of one hundred
fears, and I believe it will be sustained
toy the Supreme Court of ' the United
States."
Representative Grosvenor of Ohio said:
"I would better not talk about Mr. Har
rison's epeech. for I mlgrfat say something
UKly- I will eay this, however. I think
th« time has been reached In this ques-
HARRISON'S ATTACK BRINGS
FORTH MANY BITTER COMMENTS
through a friend that he would undoubt
edly lose his life if he remained he left
the city and soon afterward started for
New York. He knew Latin, Greek, He
brew, several Slav languages and French,
but no English, and' for two or three
months after his arrival In America was
unable to obtain more than a bare liveli
hood. At length he was offered a sub
ordinate place in the counting room of
the Staafs owned by Jacob
Ub}. ..Tire i'atj«r died in 1S52, when the en
tire; management of the paper devolved
upon his widow, a woman possessing re
markable tact and ability. The paper
continued to. prosper and Mr. Ottten
dorfer found his position improved until
in 1S59, when Mrs. Uhl married Mr. Otten
dorfer, and her hUEband from this time
forward became practically the proprietor
and business manager of the Staats
Zeitung. In 1SZ9, the year of his marriage.
Mr. Ottendorfer visited Europe, traveling
through Germany, France and Italy, but
avoiding Austria, although he had the as
surance of permiss-ion to go there if he
desired. In 1S65 he again went to Europe
and asked for this permission, but It was
denied him. In 1SC9. however, he did visit
Austria and was led to conclude that the
war of 1S66 and Koenlggratz had done
Austria a g>-eat deal of good, in that it
accomplished for that country what Se
dan and- the war of 1S70 did for France.
In New York Mr. Ottendorfer had
achieved the reputation of being a gen
erous employer and a public -spirited citi
zen. He has always taken a deep Inter
est in politics, being highly respected by
the leaders of his party; was on ore oc
casion named as the candidate for the
Mayoralty, and. has been several times
a Democratic Presidential Elector. In
IK*) it was rumored that Mr. Ottendorfer
had dtepost-d of the Staats Zeitung for
the large sum of T4.OOO.OO3, but the rumor
was denied by Mr. Ottendorfer himself,
who had merely made a change in the
business management of the paper, ren
eiert-d necessary by his advancing years
and the condition of his health. He had,
in fact. In combination with the members
of his family owning- the 500 share? com
prising th« stock of the Staat* Zeitung,
disposed of fifty of these shares pro rata,
which were given to Herman Ritter, a
business man of experience and courage.
but the editorial department to remain
under the control cf Mr. Ottendorfer, and
no further change being contemplated.
Oswald Ottenflorfer wart born at Zwil
tau, a small Moravian ¥jwn -ne^x the
Bohemian frontier. Tebrnzry 2V1S26. Hli
father was a factory owner and Oswald
the youngest of six children. While still
yyjcg his parents moved to Galicla and
he was sent to a married sister at Brann.,
There he studied at the gymnasium; leav-'
ing at the age of twenty to. go to the
University cf Vienna, where he matricu
lated ' la the faculty of jurisprudence.
Thence he was transferred to the univer
sity at Prague to learn the Czech lan
guage and law. In 1S43 he returned to
Vienna with the design of finishing his
course at Padua, which at that time be
longed to Austria. But the revolution was
ju?t on the point of breaking out. had
broken out Sn fact, ia Paris, where Louis
Philippe had fallen . In February, and
young Ottendorfer became a prominent
leader of the revolutionists. At the out
break, of the Schle.-wig-HolEtein war he
volunteered against Denmark. He had
had only a brief campaign, however, when
he returned to Vienna, where the people
fcad control, and was made lieutenant in
the mobile g"uard, most of the members
of his battalion being connected with the
pr?Fs. In October the revolutionists were
ttateri, ar.d while many were shot, killed
during the storming of the city or im
prisoned, yourig Ottendorfer was fortunate
enough to escape. After being concealed
by a friendly perter in a book store until
the excitement of the next few days had
pasped over he f.ed to the Bohemian fron
tier and thence to Haxony. The following
yt-ar found him in Prague, mixed up witn
the students in the strupgle between th?
Imperial armies and 'the Hungarians and
the Bohemians. Here*, when his com
panions were forced to flee at the risk of
their lives, he was again protected and
finally escaped in women's clothes. He
was at Eaden during the revolution there,
•escaping to Switzerland, where he re
xrained for some months.' He now de
termined to return to Vienna and give
himself up to the Government, believing
tl.at he would be let en" with a sentence of
brief Imprisonment.
He accordingly returned, but learning
NEW YORK, Dec. 15.— Oswald Ot
tendorfer, editor of the Staats
Zeiturig. died at his home in this
city to-day.
THE LATE OSWALD OTTENDORFER. EDITOR OP THE NEW YORK
STAATS ZEITUNG. WHOSE EVENTFUL CAREER IN AUSTRIA AND
AMERICA CAME TO A CLOSE YESTERDAY.
John Addison Porter was born la New
Haven, Connecticut. April 17, 1SSS. Hla
education was had at Tale, from which
he graduated in 1S7S. He had been a mem
ber of the General Assembly of the State
of Connecticut. On more than one occa
sion he had been before conventions as
the nominee of the Republican party for
Governor of Connecticut, on each occa
sion receiving a large number of votes.
For ten years he was editor of the Hart
ford Post. He was appointed private
secretary by President MeKinley. hold-
Ing this position until 111 health 'com
pelled him to resign. Mr. Porter was
recognized as an author of great ability,
his "Sketches of Yale Life" attracting
widespread attention.
TF-^jyUTNAM. Conn.. Dec 15.— John
||v)j Addiaon Porter, former private
\f~^ secretary to President MeKinley.
~ . died at his residence here to-day.
He had been sick for many weeks
with a malignant intestinal disease. An
operation which was performed nearly
two months ago served to stay the pro
gress of his malady, but could not en
tirely arrest it. His condition, however,
was such that he was able to sit about
the house, and on Wednesday last ha
went for a drive. On Thursday he was
attacked .with severe sinking spells an>1
never rallied, being unconscious much of
the time until he died. - Shortly before
the end came he; recognized the members
01 his family who were at hla bedside and
bade them farewlL
Shortly Before the End Comes He Recognizes Mem
bers" of His Family and Bids Them Farewell.
"Was Private Secretary to President MeKinley.
JOHN ADDISON PORTER PASSES
AWAY AFTER SUFFERING WEEKS
WITH A MALIGNANT DISEASE
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXIX-XO. 16.
SA^ FRANCISCO, * SU^bAY, DECEMBER lfe 1900-- FORTY^EIGHT
OSWALD OTTENDORFER, EDITOR
OF THE STAATS ZEITUNG, HAS
JOINED THE SILENT MAJORITY
Death Closes the Career of the Noted Writer and
Politieian,Whose Early Life Was Distinguished by
Participation in Exciting European Revolutions.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.Calendars for 1001.
'.'California ¦ Popplee,". "Wild Flower*.".
"Chinese,", "Indian," "Black Cats," "Jap
anese," "Old ' Missions',' : : and Eastern ; cal
endars of every description. Christmas
cards for the, millions. Sanborn, Vail &
Co..' 741 Mark-H street. •..
SEATTLE." Dec. 15.— The United : State's
army transport Kin tuck sailed for. Manila
this ? afternoon with . ; 504 horses and ¦*• 311
mules for the * Philippine service, , besides
1500 tone - of miscellaneous army supplies.
She will touch at Honolulu and there give
the animals a rest from confinement
aboard ship. fB$&EBgBBtS0&BBttgB&i
Horses for the Philippine*.
LONDON, Dec. 15— Judgment for '£250
was ! entered In ; the \ Queen's ;¦ Bench i Court
to-day : against .' the Duke "of Manchester,
for: -wine .and cigars; supplied by * a cltv
merchant/ : The claim ' was not*, contested.
Judgment Against ; Manchester.
.'The, most ."¦ beautiful ladles' shoes ever
made; will be sold to-morrow; for [ti 85] a
pair.'; Only a few : wor'ls" about this shoe.
Made.'of ivicl kid. haaci turned, stylish,
coin. toe,'>wbrth S3 .V>; sold for, J1S5 at the
shoe trust-sale of the Bee Hive Shoe Com
pany^Tn Market street, near Third. •
Have a Look at Them.
- WASHINGTON, Dec.l 15.— It is learned
at the Papal legation' that coincident with
the. closing of' .the ' nineteenth', century
every Archbishop " arid Bishop* .- in the
United States,, as well • as elsewhere, I is
ordered by Pope Leo to officiate publicly
at, a' midnight service In -his cathedral,
provided.there are no impediments •; to ! In
terfere ...with the programme. < . '. s - -
At Baltimore- Cardinal' Gibbons will
conduct ' the commemorative rites, • arid in
Washington" ArchbJshop "- Martinelli v has
promised to. officiate as celebrant of mid
night mass at St. Patrick's Church: - t .
United States.
Instructions : Issued to Every Arch
bishop and Bishop in the ." •
MASS TO. MARK THE';/.:.;
CLOSE OJF ; THE CENTURY
Dec. 15.-Chemist J. MV Se-
< wall l to-day delivered to Coroner Slick of
Archuleta County a reports to , the effect
that : he had found one-thirteenth of.y.nl
grain of strychnine in the viscera* ipf
George A? ' Barber of Iowa, whose recent
sudden death at*Pagosa ( Springs led to the
arrest of : his * traveling companion. Mrs.
Myrtle : Wright, and George iXeff, v on;sus
picion, of ; having administered poison "to
him. -The report 'will be submitted to the
Coroner's jury .which is holding an In
quest at Pagosa Springs to ascertain the
cause ' of • Barber's death. ; .
StRYCHNINE rOUND
: : ; ; IN BARBER'S BODY
His Former 1 Traveling ¦ Companion
Suspected of Having; Poisoned
.. v ...•¦y.y ¦-.•;¦¦•;•• Him:- ..-:\ •.
Struck With a 'Drill;
PHOENIX, Dec. 15.—Bonito sGierro,,.a
Mexican In the employ.of the,.Northern
Arizona" Copper . Company, at .the King
mine near Clifton, was struck on the
head with a drill in the hands of a com
panion and fatally injured. ¦-¦ ¦'•-¦'
CHICAGO, Dec. 15.— Dr. James Arm
strong, president at various times of the
Metropolitan and Independent Medical
colleges and the Illinois Health Univer
sity, waa to-day sentenced by Judge
Kohlsaat to serve one year in Jail, and
pay a fine of $600. 1 Armstrong was found
guilty of using the United -States mails
to defraud." Testimony adduced "at the
trial showed that Armstrong's institutions"
•were devoted entirely to. the, selling of
diplomas. •' , .. . ¦ . ..•'*.".¦¦
-Fine and Imprisonment for
£¦ Selling Diplomas.
Dr. James Armstrong Sentenced to
PHYSICIAN USED
MAILS tfO DEFRAUD
CANNONBALL, X.'_t>., Dec. 15.— An In
dian family conslstlng'ofjfather, mother
and four children was burned to death
rlast night by the explosion of a can of
gasoline. Another family of father, moth
er and one child is frightfully burned and
will probably die. ; :
The . Benton . Transportation Company
had five tanks Ivt gasoline on the river
bank at Bismarck awaiting a boat. The
bank caved In And alt the oil went Into
the, river. One tank was saved" by. an In
dian".'Last night an Indian named War
Bonnet, supposing the ; tank contained
kerosene, lit a match. to fill a measure,
when the explosion took ; place;-.
Dwelling.
Sets Fire to "Their
Explosion of a Can of Gasoline
FAMILY OF INDIANS
BURNEI> TO DEATH!
The principal coppersmith and plumbing
firm in San Francisco is that of C. W.
Smith & Co., at ilG and 18 "Washington
street. The business was founded in 1S51
and at the time of Mr. Smith's death,
some five years ago, it was recognized as
the leading concern of its kind on the Pa
cific Coast. The management of the busi
ness of the firm isin.the. hands of H.
Blythe, the well-known lumberman. The
superintendent is Joseph Fox, a practical
coppersmith of ability and wide experi
ence. The specialty. of the firm is steam
boat and ship work and' steamship plumb
ing. . •
C." W. Smith, Coppersmith.
The Palace Hotel affqrds every facility
for private parties for the entertainment
of guests, so as to secure perfect seclu
sion. The rates for these unsurpassed ac
commodations and unrivaled service are
most reasonable, and in comparison with
other hotels of like renutation surprising
ly moderate. The grillroom is especially
adapted to the wants of business men and
the cafes to ladies and gentlemen of the
best classes. It is by its superior service
and the courteous treatment of patrons
by the management that the hotel 4 has
•won its reputation of being the favorite
hostelry, not only of San Francisco but of
the world.
¦ The location of the Palace is superb, it
being in easy walking distance of all the
places of amu'sement and of all the more
Important points of interest In the metrop
olis. Various street car lines, which
tend to every quarter of the city, pass its
entrance. It occupies an area of nearly
three acres, having a frontage of 275. feet
on Market street and a depth of 346 feet
on New Montgomery street. It contains
S65 private apartments, besides a large
numoer of public rooms, and has accom
modations for 2000 guests, with the most
complete appointments and conveniences
known to modern construction.
San Francisco enjoys to-day the proud
distinction of having within her confines
one of the finest hotels in the world. The
Palace Hotel, which* of course is alluded
to, was constructed at an immense cost,
and its appointments are of such a char
acter as to render" It the peer of any other
caravansary in the United States. Its rep
utation is world- wide, and under its ho8
pitable roof the representatives of every
nation of the globe have gathered.
THE PALACE HOTEL.
San Francisco's Famous Caravan-
party Believed to Be Only a
Preliminary Step.
FHILADELPHIA. Dec. 15.— The pur
chase by J..P. Morgan & Co. of the Penn
sylvania Coal Company In the interest of
the Erie Railroad is looked upon In an
thracite circles In this city as but Inci
dental and preliminary to a still greater
and closer alliance between the anthra
cite interests. It is said that the next
move of the Morgan Interests will be t<t
purchase the anthracite interests of Coxe
Bros. &. Co. in the Harelton field. The
tonnage of this field, together with that
of the Delaware. Susquehanna and
6cbu'ylkIU Railroad, owned and controlled
Purchase of Pennsylvania Coal Com-
MORGAN MAY CONTROL
. ANTHRACITE OTJTPTJT
An authority on coal matters says:
"With the Morgan interests practically
in control there could be an entire re
arrangement of the present situation so
far as the geographical distribution of
anthracite Is concerned. Each anthracite
carrier would confine its distribution
within its legitimate territory, due con
sideration being given to Its proportion
ate share of the entire territory."
by It. Is almost as large as that of the
Pennsylvania Coal Company. Having se
cured the two interests mentioned, the
most dangerous competitors in the an
thracite coal fields would be removed.
Toilet cases, albums, collar and cuff
boxes, jewel and work boxes, Ehaving Bets
and celluloid novelties. By far the nicest
line in the city, at very low prices. San
born, Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
Celluloid, Novelties.
The officers of the company are: L. H.
Bonestell. president; L. 8. Sherman, first
vice president; George T. Ha wley.. second
vice president. Dudley C. Bates is secre
tary. The offices of the company are
rooms 63-64-65, Crocker building, S*n
Francisco. ,^ i' ; •
-• .-¦-•. - - - - :- \ ¦
The committeet.pronounces the proposi
tion of the Chiapas • Rubber Plantation
and Investment Company to produce rub
ber for sale by cultivating the trees in
large numbers as a . feasible and-practi
cable enterprise.- The only trouble thus far
encountered hap been the scarcity of labor,
but plans for overcoming this have been
perfected.' It offers excellent returns for
the investment of small capital, and an
investment of $2 50 a month for • forty
eight months will insure a fine annual In
come after six years. .The company has a
guarantee stock deposit of 5100.000 with
the American, Bank 'and Trust . Company
of San Francisco as an evidence of good
, faith with investors. >
The property of the company consists
of a plantation of 24,000 acres of the
choicest rubber .land, of Mexico,.. upon
which over 700,000 vigorous young rubber
trees now thrive. On the plantation also
are numerous mahogany trees, some of
which \are of prodigious growth, thus
demonstrating the richness of the soil.
The property is located in the department
of Palenque, State of Chiapas, and It la
unquestionably adapted to the production
of rubber and the growth of hardwood
timber trees of great variety. * _
The committee of investigation^ consisted
of Judge Lucien Shaw, Postmaster O. W.
Maulsby, Rev. L. M. Hartley of Red
lands, Cal.; E. A. Glrvin and C. A. West
enberg. They visited the property during
the current year, and in their report tho
information ia vouchsafed that the rubber
tree of the variety known as the Castil
loa Elastica is indigenous to the country
and especially to the lands lying along
the river Michol, on which ! the property
of the company has a wide frontage. Un
der one of these trees 1467 young rubber
plants were counted, ; all 'of which had
sprouted from, the seed that had fallen
from the tree during the present year.
The trees bloom In- their fifth- "year and
may. be safely tapped the year following.
Nurseries have been established for the
propagation of rubber trees and all are
thriving. A large force of men are em
ployed in building roads, planting trees
and developing the property. Managing
Director J. W. Ellsworth is now .on the
property and his careful attention to the
affairs of the company has received the
warmest commendation of the directorate.
The report of the Committee of business
men sent to Mexico to -investigate; the
property of the Chiapas Rubber Planta
tion and Investment Company has just
been made public. The document is an
interesting one and gives valuable data
concerning the enterprise conducted by
the company named. • - • :
Flattering Report Upon the Property
of the Chiapas Plantation, and
Investment Company. *. - •
RUBBER PLANTATION.
"I, have for several years had In con
templation the establishment of a weekly
newspaper, and this seems an opportune
time for undertaking it. Intending to de
vote my life to the study and discussion
of public questions, I have taken- this
method, because it will best accomplish
the purpose which 1 have in view. Through
a paper. I will be able to keep In touch
with social, economic and political prob
lems/ The paper will at the same time, if
successful, provide an Income sufficient for
my pecuniary needs and this kind of
Work will allow me more time with my
family than I have been able to enjoy for
several years past.
"I expect to lecture occasionally, espe
cially in college towns, $vhere 1 can. speak
to students, but my principal work will
be done with the pen*, or perhaps I should
say with the pencil. . „ . ¦ . _
"The paper will be called the Com
moner and will defend the principles set
forth in the communications as a civic
platform. I shall be publisher and editor
and Lincoln will be the place of publica
tion." , V'.' . . ':
¦ LINCOLN, NebV.^ec. 15.— William J.
Bryan ¦ gave . out the following interview
to-day: '
Journal to Be 3>evoted to Social,
Economic and Political
. • Problems..
BRYAN WILL START
A WEEKLY PAPER
LONDON; Dec. 15.— The public refuses
to be cajoled into taking a burning inter
est. In the~""is'icaragua canal, in spite of
the special American, cable dispatches,
which break the records for length and
seriousness. 1 ThV London Times' corre
spondent "to-day makes a passionate com
parison betwjeen the present stage. of af-'
fairs and that which existed at the time
of the Venezuela dispute, and bitterly ar
raigns President McKinley and the Sen
ate, yet Lord Pauncefote has not cabled a
word to the Foreign Office, which only
heard of the vote on the Davis amend
ment through the dispatches. Such pessi
mistic and indignant cable, messages a3
most of the London dailies are receiving
from their American correspondents find
ho responsive echo In Downing street,
where deprecation Is freely expressed of
these cabled efforts to apprise the. British
public. of how badly the Senate is alleged
to; be treating their Government. The
Foreign Office officials, while expecting
the, treaty to be amended, were
frankly surprised at the size of
the majority, which served more - than
anything else to open their eyes to the
fact that there was no truth in the ca
bled statements that the railroad interests
.were solely responsible for the opposition
or "that irrational jingoism had suddenly
become epidemic In the United States.
There exists in the Foreign Office a sane
appreciation of the American objections
to building the canal and not being al
lowed to fortify It. i
: "Yet, at the same time," says an official,
"we don't see why the treaty which we
made with the people whom ,we bellevea
to be. the responsible representatives of
•America should be treated so cavalierly
by the Senate. "We do not regard the
present issues as of any great importance,
for we doubt if the Nicaragua canal will
ever be a paying investment, and whoever
builds it it will be of little use to England,
either In peace or war. What we do re
gret is the apparent hopelessness of mak
ing^treatles with a country whose Senate
takes such opposite views to those it em
powers to act in its behalf. There seems
to be an impression in America that the
Clayton-Bulwer treaty was secured by the
cuteness of the English representative and
gave England an unfair advantage. That
view has never existed here. In fact,
rather the reverse. However, we shall
not bother our heads about the matter
until the Senate finishes its labors and we
receive the results through diplomatic
channels. We are anxious to know what
America really does want,~~and until we
know It is absurd to surmise what to do.
However, the Clayton-Bulwer treaty
worked satisfactorily for years and as
new- treaties seem to cause dissensions In
America mav be it is Just as well as if
vie are obliged to revert to the former
agreement, the ;bindingness and equity of
which we have never for a moment doubt
ed, in spite of our concessions in the Hay-
Pauncefote treaty." • ¦¦ ¦: ¦
¦ ..¦" .- ¦ ¦ ¦ *
Foreign Office Appreciates American
Objection to Building Canal
"Without .Permission to
?'~ Fortify, It.
British Public. ;" Pays No
Attention to Alarmist
ig^S^-iJvIteporisTJj'
LITTLE INTEREST
IN CANAL BILL
The Reichsanzelger announces that Em
peror William has awarded the Queen of
Portugal a life-saving medal for recently
saving the life of a German marine. ¦
Comment has been aroused by, the fact
that Russia's commercial representative
in Germany, M, Tlmerjaseff, In a series
of interviews has warned Germany not to
try to increase the duties' upon Russian
agricultural products in the: coming com
mercial treaties, as Russia! will not sub
mit to it. The-German Economic Corre
spondence replied that Russia would bet
ter not take so high a tone since official
statistics prove that for a decade, the im
ports from Russia have amounted -to *5,
550,000,000 marks against 2,150,000.000 marks
exported to Russia. Hence " Russia , Is
most interested in reaching a satisfactory,
agreement with Germany.- • . - ¦•
The presiding Judge in the Sternberg
case pronounced «in open court to-day
that Herr Post. Sternberg's bureau chief,
and Miss Souchard, important witnesses,
had fled to parts unknown. The testi
mony in the case was concluded to-night
and the trial will end during the coming
week. •¦.'.'••
Count von Bulow is still bitterly at
tacked by a majority of the press on ac
count of the non-reception of Mr. Kruger
here. Evidently the anti-British - senti
ment is much stronger in the nation than
the Emperor and Count von Bulow antici
pated. . ... .
One unpleasant feature was shown In
the Reichstag stronger than ever.- After
the opening day the attendance in the
House dwindled frequently to not over a
score, even when there . were Important
transactions.
BERLIN,. Dec 15.— The Reichstag, after
two montha of..hard .work, has adjourned
for the holidays. Besides contributing
largely to clearing: the political atmos
phere it did much preparatory work. Im
portant interpellations ,on. the coal' fam
ines, increasing the pensions of veterans
and relative to the Posadowskl-Bueck at
fair occasioned great discussion, incident
tally eliciting valuable Government in
formation regarding Government bills,
like the supplementary appropriation for
China/the budget, private insurance and
the reorganizing and regulation of ma
riners' provisions, which have all gone to
committees with the assurance of their
final passage. . . ; .
The clear showing of the Secretary of
the Imperial Treasury, Dr. von Thielman,
of the highly satisfactory condition of the
empire's finances caustd stormy debates
and an enormous amount of press com
ment, which is not yet over.' The influ
ential Centrist party, through its leader.
Herr Muehler-Fulda, pronounced against
a continuance of the "anlelhewirthschaft"
habit of incurring loar.s.
It was interesting to note that. Count
von Posadowski-Wehner,- Minister of the
Interior, who, under Prince Hohenlohe,
magnified the danger of American compe
tition to Germany, especially in the in
crease of American manufactures and im
ports, now, under Count von Bulow, has
minimized this danger, although the im
ports have since doubled.- Referring to
American coal he said that at the most
within a few years America will be ablo
to supply part of the deficiency during
famines. , . . -
The Kaiser Awards the Queen of Por
. . tugal a Medal for Saving ¦•%
: , Life of a German — ¦'
. . Marine.
Political AtmQsphere.Cleared
in Closing
! : ¦ ' Dajs. '" K
ADJOURNMENT
OF REICHSTAG
THE SAIST FRANCIsdo CALL., SUNDAY, DECEMBER 16, 1900.
dary.
26
HON. GEORGE KERSTEN, OF CHICAGO.
Hon. George Kersten, a well-known Justice of the Peace, Chicago, says:
/ was afflicted with catarrh for nine years. My catarrh was
located chiefly in my head. / tried many remedies without
avail. I applied to several doctors, but they were not able to
cure me. I learned of the remedy, Peruna, through the daily
newspapers. Alter taking the remedy for eighteen weeks I was
entirely cured. I consider my cure permanent, as it has been
twosand a half years since / was cured." — George Kersten.
Mr. Jame« Morrison.
68 E. 16tl*. ¦treet. Pater-
son, N. J., says: "I have
given Peruna, a fair trial,
and. I find It to be Just
what you claim It to be.
I cannot praise it too
much. I have used two
bottles In my family' for
colds. and everythinu
Imaginable. I could not
be without It. I recom-
mended it to a married
sister of mine who was
always troubled with
colds. .She says It has
done more for her than
any doctor could. 1 can
safely say that your
medicine Is "the best I
have evervused." — James
Morrison. ' '
Mr. "W. J*. MUl«r.
of Allentorwn. Pennsyl-
vania, writes: "I ha<3
a severe attack of ca-
tarrh, and after con-
sultations with and
prescriptions from four
eminent physicians, your
medicine was recom-
mended to me through
our daily newspaper. By
using six bottles accord-
ing to directions, I waa
completely cured. I do
therefore recommend Pe-
runa to any on* afflict-
ed catarrh."— W.
N. Miller.
THE EMPORIUM.
A splendid stock 'of specially designed
holiday ' gifts ; burnt wood ; ' leather : novel-*
ties. 573 McAllister.^ Olivia" Klngsland.;*.
CARPETS-FURNITURE— UPHOLSTERY,
114-116-118-120.122 Post Street
OPEN EVENINGS.
W. & J, SLOANE & G0.^
, "California Wild! Flower," ••Violet" and
"Poppy" calendars, 60 cents each." "Little
Chinese," < 25 cents ¦= each. These '• are 'the
best calendars for 'Eastern', friends. :¦- San-
born.-Vall & Co.,;741 Market street.- :¦;-.-* -:i
Curtains, Xis-Xilems, etc.
Attention Is drawn to our "uperb line of LACE CURTAINS,
which we offer at prices ranging from .65 cents to
per pair. <¦' , ,'¦'_ - J . <*; 'r ¦
We quote: ., ¦ ' ¦ " : . /V " .V ¦'" %.- 7 W
Sofa Pillows .... . . From $1.00 each and upwards
Comforters . . . . -. From $1.25 each Vand upwards
-Sofa Pillows, Tapestry and Velour Table Covers, Silk and law
UPHOLSTERY DEPARTMENT.
GRIP
Be sure to send for a copy of the new
edition :* of v Dr. Humphreys'". Manual," *144
pages/ on the care and ; treatment ; of , the
sick In all ailments, mailed free.;
Humphreys' .Homeopathic Mclicin* Co., cor.
William and John «t»., New York.
The use of * l 77" sends the -blood
tingling through the veins until
it reaches the extremities, when
the feet warm up and the Cold is
DroKen*' >
Like Malaria, Grip pervades every -mal-
ady caused by taking Cold," and takes on.
a Grippy, . nature,' Including: not": only
CoughB,; Colds, -Bronchitis, C&tarrlf and
Sore Throat, but '"also : RheumaiismVr Kid-
ney \ and ' Bladder Diseases, ; which*" are
either ". caused or aggravated by- taking
Cold.-; .v ; ;; ¦ ¦ ; ¦' ;•";.; '• ¦ :-^r* "V
it aaam 99
ORIENTAL AND DOMESTIC RUGS.
Choice Assortment A Great Variety. ' Prices 'Very Reasonable.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Recent Importations of Unique and
"Useful Pieces of Furniture.
We Mention: '
DAINTY. WHITING- DESKS, In either Bird's-Eye Maple, Golden
Oak or Mahogany Finish. . . From $7.OO each and upwards
HAVDSOME CHAIRS AND BOOKERS . . . ... .
, l^.v;. I. 0»»^ ¦••¦•-' From $4.50 each and upwards
MUSIC CABINETS, richly finished . . . . . 7. .
:•. . . . . . . From $10.00 each and upwards
SECRETARY BOOKCASES . From $16.00 each and upwards
You can choose from a v vast array -of goods in this department.
HOLIDAY
PRESENTS
California's Largest,
ginning of cattarh. To prevent colds, to
cure colds, is to cheat catarrh out of its
victims. Peruna not only cures catarrh,
but prevents It.
Bernard King of the National Military
Home, Leavenworth. Kan?., also says:
"I will write you a few lines for publica-
tion to make known what Peruna has
TEE EMPORIUM.
weafc spots and drives them out\ of tfc*
FjM-m. MARY ENGELHARDT.
using Peru- ¦!• ?-
na to prompt- , , ,
ly cure colds, [9QEBiS&BBHB99ShV
protects the j |* ¦-t"C s /»^ r :--^'.* : ; : ::-4
family against
other ail- {AP^f "¦¦ .WgflH
ment3. This !'j^l$J»^ "£J> eS^S '' 1
I s e x a c t 1 jj. I ;, ; t.^3 £,,
what even* I \- -"^Jjjl^J"" &&3fBL
family In the j'-'S^L- Jciaisl
United State3 Wnttm^rta^''- 1
Keep Peruna
in the house. HJBwB^*. jB- SB
Use It for la | j '{' ¦¦ Hkjfil v j
prlppe. colds, Vl^wHlMMWMMMigy
coughs, a n d M w „ MUlw.
other climatic of Allentwwn. Pennsyl-
afCectlons o f vanla, writes: "I had
winter, and a severe attack of ca-
there will be tarrh, and after eon-
no other ail- »ultatJon« with and
ments in the prescriptions from four
house. eminent physicians, yotir
All * families medicine was recom-
shouldnrovlde mended to me through
themselves our daily newspaper. By
with codv uslnst slx bottlM *5 cord -
11^ a ¦ t ? ov / Ing to directions, I was
of Dr. Hart- completely cured. I do
man s free therefore recommend P«-
book, entitled m na to any on« affllct-
" Winter Ca- »d catarrh-"— W.
tarrh." This if. Miller,
book consists •£» v
of seven lectures on catarrh and Is grtppe>,
delivered at The Hartman Sanitarium. It
contains the latest information on the
treatment of catarrhal diseases. Address
Dr. Hartman. Columbus. Ohio. ¦
The Governor of Oregon 13 an ardent
admirer of Peruna. He keeps it continu-
ally in the house. In a recent letter to
Dr. Hartman he says:
"I have had occasion to use your Pe-
runa medicine in my family for colds, and
it proved to be* an excellent remedy. I
have not had occasion to use it for other
ailments."— TV. M. Lord. . ..
Peruna is known from the Atlantic to
the Pacific. Letters of congratulation
•]• i 4 1 and commen-
Mr. James Morrison. letters dally.
68 E. 16th-. «reet. Pater- All classes
¦on, N. J., says: "I have -writs t h » « c
given Penlna a fair trial. * ,
End. I find It to be Just letters, from
what you claim it to be. the highest to
I cannot praise it too the lowest,
much. I have used two Any man
bottles In my family for "Who wishes
colds. and everythln* perfect health
imaginable. I could not must be en-
be without It. I recom- t 1 r c 1 y free
mended it to a married from catarrh
: sister of mine who was Catarrh !•*
always troubled with w iil-nieh iml
colds" .-She says It has versa! • almost
done more for her than \ e " *,•««?/»
any doctor could. I can ° m ,, nipr f S( ; I ? t -
nafely say that your Peruna Is the
medicine Is the best I only absolute
have evervused." — James s aieguard
Morrison.* k n o w n. A
u, 4* cold Is the be-
' '"I tried everything I saw advertised.
which did me no good. I saw th# great
tonic (Peruna) advertised. I bought one
bottle. I found myself so much better
after taking It that I wrote you for ad-
vice, which you kindly continued to give
me free of charge- for five months.
"JCow I am happy to inform you and
the public that I am perfectly cured of
catarrh and bronchitis. I make this
statement in hope that some of my com-
rades will see it and be benefited
thereby." ¦ • ¦
done for me. I took a severe cold, which
I neglected. It developed Into catarrh
and bronchitis and in a snort time became
chronic.
The physicians told me my kidn»ys were
not affected, but I felt sure that they were
the cause of my trouble. A- friend recom-
mended ire to try Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-
Root, end I muft say I derived immense
benefits almost from the first week. I
continued the nsediclr.e. taking it regular-
ly, and I am now in splendid health. The
rains end aches have all gone. I have rec-
ommer.detl Swamp-Root to all my friends,
end told them what It has done for me.
J will gladly answer any one who desires
to write m» regarding my case. I most
J.«?artily Indorse Swamp-Root from every
standpoint. There is such a pleasant taste
to Swamp-Root, and It goes right to the
took their medicines, but felt no better.
"You have no idea how well I feel. I
em ftatlFn>d that I do not need any mere
medicine, as I am in as pood health as_I
rver Tas in my life." So says Mrs. Mary
Engelharct -*,f 2833 Madison street. St.
I^ouIp. Mo... to a. reporter of the St. Louis
<jlobe~ Democrat.
"For more than ten years I had suffered
¦with what the doctors termed female,
trouble: also heart trouble, "with swelling
of the feet and limbs. Last summer I felt
*o badly that I thought I h'ad not long to
live, I consulted doctor after doctor and
Women as Well as Men Are Made Miserable by
Kidney and Bladder Troubles. *
My brother officers (whose signatures* accompany this letter), as well as myself,
thank you for the blessing you have brought to the human race in the compounding
cf Swamp-Root. We remain, yours very truly '• S"
JAMES COOK.
Officers of the 65th Police Precinct, HUGH E. BOYLE,
Greater New York. JOHN J. BODKIN.
Gentlemen— Tn Justice to you. I feel it is my duty to send you an acknowledge-
ment of the receipt of the sample bottle of Swamp-Root you so kindly sent me. I
had been cut of health for the past five year3 with kidney and bladder trouble. Had
cut best physicians prescribe for me. They would relieve me for the time being, but
the old complaint would in a short tlmo return again. I sent for a sample bottle of
gwainp-Root. and I found it did me a world of good. Since then I have taken eight
t mall bottles houjrht at my drugstore, and I consider myself perfectly cured. It
termed as thoujth ray back would break in two after stooping. I do not have to get
tip during the night to urinate, as I formerly did three or four times a night, but
row sleep the sleep of peace. My back is all right again, and in every way I am a
r-ew man. Two of my brother officers are still using: Swamp-Root. They, like ,my-
f elf, cannot say too much In praise of it. It Is a bocn to mankind. We recommend it
to all humar.it v who are suffering from kidney and bladder diseases.
CSTH POLICE PRECINCT. :*
GREATER NEW YORK, Oct. 11, 19«.
Dr. Kilmer & Co.. Binchamten. N. T.:
EDITORIAL NOTICE. — Swamp-Root, the great Kidney, Liver and Bladder Remedy, is so remarkably successful that a
special arrangement has been mode by which all readers of the "Call" who have not already tried it may have a sample bottle sent
absolutely free by mail. A.'so a book telling all about kidney and bladder troubles and containing many of the thousands upon thou-
sands ef testimonial letters received from men and women cured by Swamp r Root. Be sure and mention reading this generous
effer in the San Francisco Sunday "Calf" when sending your address to Dr. Kilmer A Co., Binghamton, N. Y.
Vltusedto be considered that only urln-"
ary ;and bladder troubles were to be traced'
to. tlv! kidneys, bufnow modern science
proves that neai ly all diseases have their
beginning :ln thr disorder of these most
important -organs. - ¦¦=¦:• ¦
The kidneys filter and purify the blood-
that Is their work.
•So when your kidneys are weak or oUt
of order you can understand how quickly
your entire body, is affected, and how
every organ seems to fail to do Its duty.
If you are sick or "feel badly" begin
taking the famous new discovery, Dr. Kil-
mer's Swamp-Root, "because as sbon as
your kidneys are well they will help all
the other organs to health. A trial will
convince any one.
Weak and unhealthy kidneys are re-
sponsible for more sickness and suffering
than any other disease, and if permitted
to continue fatal results are sure to fol-
low. Kidney trouble Irritates the nerves,
makes you dlszy, restless, sleepless and
Irritable. Makes you pass water often
during the day' and oblige* you to get up
many times during the night. Causes
puffy or dark circles under th,e eyes,
rheumatism, gravel, catarrh of the blad-
der, pain or dull ache In the back. Joints
and muscles, makes your head ache and
back ache, causes Indigestion, stomach
and liver trouble: you get a sallow, yel-
low complexion: makes you feel as though
you had heart trouble; you may have
plenty of ambition, but no strength; get
weak and waete away. ?
The cure for these troubles Is Dr. Kil-
mer's Swamp-Root, the world-famous kid-
ney remedy. In taking Swamp-Root you
afford natural help to nature, for
Swamp-Root is the most perfect healer
and . gentle ail to the kidneys that Is
known to medical science.
If there Is any doubt In your mind as to
your condition, take from your urine on
rising about four ounces, place it In a
glass or bottle .and let it stand twenty-
four hours. If on examination it is milky
or cloudy, if there is a brickdust settling,
or If small particles float about In it, your
kidneys are In need of Immediate atten-
tion.
¦ Swamp-Root Is pleasant to take and Is
used in the leading hospitals, recommend-
ed by physicians In their private practice
and Is taken by doctors themselves who
have- kidney ailments, because they recog-
nize in it the greatest and moat successful
remedy for kidney, liver and bladder trou-
bles.
If you are already convinced that
Swamp-Root is what you need, you can
purchase the regular 50-cent and $1 size
bottles at the drugstores everywhere.
How; to Find putc if ; You
Need Swamp-Root.
Reporters HaYe ConYincing Interyiews With Prominent People Regarding Wonderful Cures by- -Swamp-Root
Had Catarrh Nine Years— All
Doctors Failed.
for YOU, Every Reader of the 4 «PaH" May. Have a Sample BottlW Free.
Curative Properties of Swamp=Root
To Prove What the Great Kidney and Bladder Remedy Swamp-Root Will Do
*" ' .'-V-
Test for Yourself the Wonderful
A NOTED «E SATED BY PERU
America's Grandest
noliday Store.
•The largest and .most complete stock of Christmas gifts in the Wcst-Ut
Department Store prices. An incomparable Toy Store, a 300,000 vol-
ume Book Department, Jewelry, Silverware, Pictures, Cut Glastwafe,
Bric-a- Brae, Art Goods, Leather Goods, European Novelties, Oriental*
Goods, Cigars, Pipes, etc., etc., Wear jjg Apparel. Anything!, Every-
thing for Holiday purposes— all under one roof.
open every evening.
If it rains, this is the ideal shopping place. You pass from the car under •
great awning into a store where you can shop, lunch,* telephone, telt-
graph, send postoffice money orders, rest in luxurious parlors, and enjoy
many other conveniences. Between 1500 and 2000 helpers now— and
nnrn t>vtrv tvpnfnif .
eH §£JbS"'*^ 2ai%^B (9 *jf Hi
CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST-AMERICA'S ORANDEST STORE.
ADVERTISEMENTS^
DB, KIUktEB'S SWAMP-BOOT.
TMksKChildren "Will Have Merry Christmas
in? ennstmas restivai oi the kinder
rartens of the Occidental Kindergarten
Association will be held at Union-square
Hall Friday. December 21. at 2 p. m.
There will also be Christmas parties foi
the pirls' and children's clubs of the as
sociation at the kindergarten rooms at
214 Second street. The association will
bring happiness to more than two hun
rircd 111 tie onc-s.
STURGEON TRAPS ARE
DESTROYED BY OFFICERS
Deputy Fish Commissioners Pay a
Visit to the San Joaquin
River.
Ab a result of their excursion up the
Sar. Joaquin ar.d neighboring rivers Dep
uty Fisfc Commissioners John H. Davis,
M. L. Cross and Hugh Walter reported
yesterday -having destroyed 106 sections
of sturgeon tishing tackle and contiscated
twenty-four anchors used in holding the
jll^^al traps in the bed of the rivers. The
Kith Commissioners are highly elated
over the result of the trip. They now
c-wait the coming of owners to identify
their anchors, but as this would mean
imprisonment and heavy fines there is no
danger of the rishermen making their ap-
j >f a ranee.
It is understood ihat the Fish Ommis-
Fior.ers will use every effort to induce the
L< gislature to pars a law making it a
misdemeanor to catch and sell sturgeon
Th^Fe fish are becoming scarcer every
>ear, and unless their destruction ceases
for a time tney v/ill he exterminated.
The jnry. after Ix-Jr.g: out Fevcn hours
ycst<?rday. found Albert Hoff guilty of the
murder of Mrs. Clute end fixed the pen
alty at life imprisonment. At 11:13 o'clock
yesterday morning the jury, a-fter re
ceiving the charge from Judge Carroll
Cook, retired. At the noon hour the
jcron were taken to lunch in charge of
t.wo deputy sherllTj?. Soon after their re
turn the beJl mr.g and it was thought that
a verdict would be rendered. The Judge
took his scat on the bench and the attor
ney? en both sides of the case were repre
ftnted. In a dead silence Charles A.
Zir.kand. who had been elected the fore
man, rose from his seat and stated that
the jury could not come to any definite
decision until the court would answer two
questions and allow them to retire to re
consider the ease. He also asked that
they might be allowed to take the dia
grams of the house and the photos into
-the Jury-room with them. This last re-
Quest was refused by the Judge. The
Jirst question was whether the court
would read the testimony of Mrs. Legg,
the woman who saw IlofC leave the house.
This testimony was read by the Judge.
Juror Hawkins then asked the court if
Mrs. L*>gg's statement that "to her best
knowledge and beli»-f" Albert Hoff was
the man that !eft lhe house was legally
an identilication. After a recess, Judge
Cook decided that he could not answer
the latter question and that the jurors
tuust allow the weight of the answer to
convince themselves. After retiring
fcgain to the jury-room, the jury after
three ballots derided on the verdict
•tated. Un the !irst ballot eight jurors
•tcod for hanging, two voted not guilty
and two blank slips were placed in the
box. On the second ballot eight still
stood for hanging and four did not vote.
At last murder In the first degree with the
penalty of life imprisonment was agreed
on as a compromise verdict.
In the morning Eugene Deuprey closed
the arxument for the people. Soon after
ward Judge Cook charged the jurors and
Instructed them as to the law. Imme
diately on the retirement of the jury HofC
acted in a very nervous manner. The
accused man took a pencil out of his
pocket and kept on scribbling on a news
pa;>or in a bold hand: "in manus tuas
Domini comendo ppiritum meum," trans
lated from the Latin meaning, "Into the
1-ord's hands I commend my spirit.'*
Every time the jury would come
Hoff s oyes would flash and he would look
from fate to fa^e and try to read the ver
dict. Clute. the husband of the mur
d^ied woman, was in attendance all dav,
and it was claimed that he intended to
fhoot the defendant down in the court
room should he be acquitted, but the be
reaved man had good control of himself
and stated that Chief Lees had made him
jiromise that he would attempt no assault
on Hnff before he was permitted in the
courtroom during: the first trial.
Judge Cook will pass sentence on Hoff
next Tuwday. Schooler stated last even
ing that he had aj» yet decided on no fu
ture cour?e to secure Hoffe release and
that no acti»a would be taken until the
c?.5^ came uj> tiext Tuesday.
The jurors who served on the case were:
\\\ J. Sherwood. It. S. Atkins, H. E.
IJrodek. H. H. Traeey. L. Thors. E. Cohn,
James A. Kvorett, D. W. Lohen. W. J.
1'attosden, CharJrs Zinkand (foreman),
Juhn Bouse and O. Hawkins.
Fixes Penalty of Slayer of
Mrs. Clute at Life
Imprisonment.
During* the Deliberation Murderer
Repeatedly Writes That He
Commends His Spirit
to the Lord.
JURY FIDS
HOFF GUILTY
OF MURDER
THR SAN FRAIS'CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 16. 1900.
27
This ia trup of every man or woman in
whatever v.alk of life.. and whether It be
t»uf hiess or domestic affairs, speculations,
changes, richness, love, marriage or
divorce, thorp is a ri^ht and a wrong path
which r.IJ! or v.lll not bring; about the de-
it you are constantly puryueil by HI-
!uck and clsappoiutment in all your un-
dertaking, t'iere is a muse for it. Ieniar.
tilt c<-Jpbrated Kcvptlan Gypsy, the well-
v.nov.ii seorops. is eminently fitted by her
•"'-markabJ** powers to give you the correct
B«l\-Ice as to the proper Course. Do not
wait, but soe her at once.
iFmar can be ronj=ulte><l daily from ID
a. m. to X, p. m. at her office. IKS Market
r tr 2T ; tv iT' <3ocr * ;; below Welnstock St
lAXbln s. Sundays by appointment only.
A WOMAN OF MYSTERY.
Thousands Hare Visited the World
Famed Egyptian Gypsy "Ismar."
Remarkable Restdts of Her Marvelous
Powers.
•'There In a J!de In th» affair* of men,
•*hich, taker, at the flood, leads on to for-
tune ar.«3 success; neglected, all your lives
are bound in shadows and In miseries."
ISMAR.
W° "''?^^^W J^W /Jifwf?' fi r^Mw^^^^^% help you solve the question and please the recipient. We can only give hints Jp?
I^j v'fe-iW^ft^^:W i/$fi''fflw rif ¦I/I/' Ww- \^W^^^SM °^> irom our large stock in this limited space, but without doubt we have whatever v^f j&
Jft W00^^^M /Imt^m if UJ^/li^ S* Men's Furnishings . Men's Clothing °'ff
f*?P?'y§^*'1&?&f fr/M'\^ ' \\ t' /jf/'V ll i\ ('' TOIL wH^' '^ Smoking jackets in fancy cheviots and beautiful pat- Our stock of ready-to-wear clothing is complete— Mt
S^>A fi^^'^f^Z^j-ij J '///ffl -'v ]\ I ¦//' ¦! Vfji! i) // J/f V^-l o^ terns, elegant trimmings, prices $3.50 U P to $10.00 you may know that in giving a person a suit or over- ' p^f ° irtf
q "~5 i'i^Tli^i^&^^^^^r >ra /f&yj I '] ft\ i^ ¦' iikiSlli'if'i&rfli v^^^^^^^-^i^'s S&f e ease an<^ comfort to be obtained from a smok- coat for Christmas you are giving good, all-wool, V5\. t^5«
rOK v£$ffi$&$ffi £f j'^§l nV»'f '''¦> \\§M 'I l/ui V 'B^^^^S^'^ 5 '^- l^ ' ' ng jacket continually lemind a man of the thoughtful union-made clothing that will fulfill every require- o *^jj jjtf
W* &^£^lj0s J^-^MpI \\VV'(1 ill) 'Jw/'/d /f!/jy K^^F 1^^?^- T^ Sack suits in single and double-breasted styles. If? *\&f
fcPl '^MW'^e^TP^^M \\W¥ %\miM / 'J%F S\^^£S'^t?' *\ Bath robes in up-to-date assortments in suitable prices from $7.50 to $25.00 V^T 0 '
0^ v5fcv\\l Ug HJ'/'y^i^^S 2^^^ ftW-^^^B&^'^S^^ ' • materia ls and pleasing patterns, prices Cutaway frocks, stylishly made from appropriate M> °v>?
M.\ S^^S^^S\^#^Vfl?S 'mV, M\mW'M^^^\ K$&d$&$m m • $4.00*° $8.50 materfels, prices from $1 3.50 to $25 00 Ml
m fl/^^^^"^^?^ MM^^^^^S?^^ I^* : ' A most ECCeptable g5ft ' as cvery man appreciates a Prince Alberts (coat and vest), prices from 0>yJ EsTq
\'^mWW -^ j, . . , ~T : ( , t .' .- f - Trousers to go with these Prince "Alberts, in any M
?S W?^^RSSS|B!S*SSSJKX i\\llf/ /M^m?&&Zm O. Pajamas .n an elegant Ime of fine maUnals art.stj- patterns you may. select, prices from. $? 50 to $7 00 k° <W
ffo %'f^^t&^m?f£$m \1| J^^^ W Q ' -Pajamas are becoming quite popular npw. tailored, prices. .......$22 50 and $25 00 W*
KV> --'•;•. <"^^'i'.' ; r,r > '."•*"•• V -^"^iA \W\Vft «/ /M&& :^.&' : &Z*'>'A*?& 7 *> £~* W Night robes in mushn and sateen, plain or trimmed, _ , *i£.3U «"" O\Z/ C^»_
SiiiPWiiiiw * prices -- w%
lM f^^^^r\ \\\\iV /^^^ :^'t\^^3y^^ Neck^vear in all the latest shapes and patterns, com- Box and w^ter overcoats in an elegant line of >^ Q jgf.
(T*C -''-' ' ' '>''' ' '"* ¦' ?S Hr pHsing a mOSt ex( l ui5Ue line ' P rice - 500 *«*»°nable weaves, prices from. . .$7.50 to $30.00 f3U W
fes y^^^^00^0^^&^0^^ Neckwear is particularly suitable for Christmas, es- ' Oxford gray cheviot overcoats in thdt stylish length £*Q
m^^^^ffe^^S^S«^?^% °*-3 furnishings which make most appropriate gifts, such n.,,.? n^+K:««- J^() °T&
Os ®?-&£$^^§%&£fe&M^ M as reefers, mufflers, gloves, handkerchiefs, canes," un- DOyS ; /;. \^ $&
:^i-ir* >. Vy^r." Ar'TV*'^^^'?^£f' - % <^*vA.~"^"^. i ."--'^'- -^^^^^j\ V^V -' A^ "^ i"^^-'-^ - "V-" 1 ¦ - '*"-"^ V^-'STi^V j£*/i derwear, shirts and a most elegant line of silk sus- For boys from three to eight years we have middy, *^S *nr
J^L > :v^ C^\ penders with suitable mountings. reefer, vestee and sailor suits in all materials and pat- **f%f \?X
O \k^§&~~^$?& i^w — — ~ terns, with various trimmings, and also a .good as- i&> WzL
jM. S-^K/il-^^ o/\ Boys' Fumishinj^S scrtmer.t of overcoats at prices from..... fjjj* o 0*3
r*f VZ^^sJ^QSig^^ fm Boys' sweaters, all wool, in stripes and'solid colors, "" $2.50 to $1 0.00 Mr t$f
<&k W. '-p'^J^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^k ;^ NS Surely every boy ought to have a coup'le of sweat- For bo - vs from ei S ht . to fifteen years old we carry °jrf C
t^'^^y^^^^^^^^^^^^^'^k wtf \M^$Miffi7$%ffi'& *l€ ers— they would please him highly as Christmas j two "P iece knp e pants suits, and three-piece knee pi j&3
0 U W M«&$%$^$&$&1-& O?J presents. psnts suits (suits with vests); also overcoats in a most /^ c >^ .'
V^Sr : W"fev7l W^'^^^^'^^^^^^^^^^^l \\rYJ^ : ''|£^ worn with detachable stiff linen collars, for boy, from For young men from twelve to nineteen years |) 7 y C
>c^4 Sstk Vfec^5^^V'^4^fv^^vv\V>*-^.C'"^ jM s ' x to twelve years old, price 50c sack suits in single and double breasted styles, in all t^f J^*
•^i'jft VW> YSj4^V^~?'<i'i5^^^ O^L^ These are just tlie shirts to wear with that new suit tn e cloths and patterns, and swell overcoats in stylish Jj£x li^S
Jn V^ '//l^^vfi^'^iV^O v :<'<'><ilj' \ f^^^^0^^^^''^ :? '^^S tia^ • )'O U are g o ' n g to buy the boy. materials, just as in men's, prices from VsL°
Jt-T i* L -\ "^^ SB=;:^^^^_!^^^^^^^^^^i\ Lj^^SSK^^^3^rV<^ Cs»° Boys' neckwear in a varied assortment that equals * *~ " O^^ C
vT° %'&-f$f&l^ lil tIie mens m tllc var ' etv o{ sha P c s and colors, price Baseball outfit free with every suit or overcoat in J^f r?V
G li \^£& : £$?40M$ \ W^^^^l^^ S a hilC ' ' J ' Automobile coats made from covert cloth to order, 1& M{
M 33&$M$E$t \W^ t^^^^^4^Mi^f'^$!^MW^i C*C ° n the seCOnd fl00r Of ourstore isa complete assort- satin lined, for little girls from three to ij years J£?
£f : &&W^'K fl //ti^S^S^ fe\ 'I' 0111 ° f chlldren ' 5> boys> 5Ild youths' turnishings at cld; special price " $10.00 «ch
/->• ,V;> ; ; '>;j^ r^^\ll \)\//7~^^. it^^^^^^K^^^^^^^"^^ ' Santa Claus is on the second floor of our store in V*0 V^
Ql^^^SM^^ ml Men's and BOVS' HatS lhe chi ldrcns department, waiting :to greet all the lit- ?J$
yM : :- V^ :: . r A-Vr.T^*-W ; ?^^^^ i-V*^8 €Sc\ H you want to'give a good, serviceable hat we sug- tie folks and give them candy. Bring the children and Q tJn mb
tig} 'r:*\&&s&&iv^ ' 8CSt thc famous Hawes - for S3 00 let them have a chat uith their old friend- m KS c
fTo 'c'J&i'4$:'-£'-^''& '-^-^^i^ It is guaranteed, and if it does not please it will be - . jK? |^S
K^ r y'' i J-'^ . (fi y^?^r>%fo replaced with a new one. ya- • a f\ A C*+ \ -^°
V^. r^®^^^)^1 Jk --^ ffli\ For a less expensive hat our "Wood's Special" is ; i>iaae-IO-Uraer ZiUllS W> J~\
Q -</ '\:--.£. V. I. 'f^^^^^JS^l % '' : $^$Mi&iP£i0?$& ' -'^8 V JU5t What y ° U W?nt at " $1.95'' Wh - V not « ivc somc friend an order for a made-to- \>p J0
VA '^'y'^/:.^ 1^^^^!^^ (^^^^^ r^=^^^^^^^ It is the equal of the exclusive hatters' $2.50 hat. ! measure suit or overcoat? The excellence of the work- «M^ l2^"
V>t. 5*~*f- ;V ' "vT** 1 W£jfi$X J&r^^^&^&k fcX "^^^^n^^^^^^^'Nk^^S? Boys' Fedoras, all the popular colors and shapes, All orders given in the fore part of the week will be *C^° pi^
$Sa •" '¦¦¦>'¦•¦" •'^-^^^^S^'w SB s~ < M^&--sJ^i i W f ?'^^ Boys' Derby's, fine quality, .also in the prevailing Call at the store and leave your order, and 1« your \o^v
& yd ' :;;.: :«tS^&^cL*4§\^^ n^^S^^ Shai>C * - and ShadeS ' P ' iCC? $1 .50 $2.00 "iend select the pattern when we can take his nieas- 0 J fS
V§q ¦ ' ; \ ,i f Iv^^^r**^^^/^ 0^*"'^^^ *f^P££S2^f^|Sp Boys' sailors, all colors . to match any suit/ prices urements. The prices range from \j8 MfStanford's Christmas Jinks.
Stanford Parlor, N. S. G. W. t will hold
its Christmas jinks in its hall next Tues
day night. It will be in the nature of a
district school, with members for scholars
and a well-known Judge will take the
part of the teacher. \
STEAMSHIP RATES TO
ALASKA WILL 3FAIX
Probable Result of the Advent of
Several New Companies Into
the Traffic .
VANCOUVER, Dec. 15.— The coming of
several new companies into the coast
steamship traffic between Puget Sound
and British Columbia ports and Alaska
threatens to make rates take a tumble
early in the spring. Steamboat men say
that with the competition now in prospect
rates probablv will be cut in half. Dur
ing the past two years the Alaska Steam
ship Association has pretty fully con
trolled rates, but this organization is now
dormant, and company managers claim
that no effort will be made to effect any
definite amalgamation of traffic the com
ing season.
The Pacific Steamship Company has
contented itself with running the Cottage
City and smaller boats on the Skaguay
run, and the announcement that the Sen
ator and two or three other large ves
sels will be put on has been received with
much concern by local owners. Dodwell
& Co. have commenced operating the Vic
torian and the City of Seattle and will
put on two more boats. A -Vancouver
company will operate under 'civic sub
sidy two large steamers being negotiated
for on the Atlantic, while the smaller
companies are increasing their capacities
for business. The probability is that by
May 1 the first class rate of $30 to Skag
uay will have been " cut one-half. '
DENOUNCES CLAIMANT
OF THE KASSON ESTATE
Mary E. Mann Is Declared by Her
Brother-in-Law to Be an
Impostor.
STOCKTON, Dec. 15.— According to
George Hall, her brother-in-law, Mary E.
Mann, the woman who claims to be the
heir to the estate of George M. Kasson,
deceased, is an impostor. Hall has come
from Illinois to give testimony against
her. , - t
The contest for the estate was tried on
Thursday before Judge Jones and' was de
cided by default against the claimant.
Mary E. Mann, who claims to be the only
child of Mr. and Mrs. George M. Kasson.
deceased. Tne contest was once decided
against her, but was appealed to the 8a
premt* Court and a new trial ordered. The
second hearing was had this week and
she defaulted. It la now claimed that
Mary E. Mann knew of the coming of.
George Hall from the Bast and that she
dared not appear in court.
The deposition of Mr. Hall waa taken
to-day. It stated that the claimant,
"Mary E. Mann's" maiden name was
Elizabeth Jane Green; that she was born
in Illinois and that the witness knew her
when she was a girl. She married tho
brother of the witness in 1S64. was di
vorced from him and later married John
B. -I'innell.* She waa divorced, from Pin
nell also and then resumed the name of
Hall. ____«L___L.
Accident Besulta in Death.
PL.ACERVII..L.E, Dec. 15.— Anton H.
Lohrer died this morning from injuries re
ceived last Tuesday night, by driving over
a high bridge abutment on the public road
leading from this city over "Weaver Creek.
The old bridge had been removed prepar
atory te. the construction of, a. new -steel
bridge over the creek, and the contractors
had failed to previde a guurd for the pro
tection of travelers. ¦ The horse driven by
Rohrer waa instantly killed in the fall.
.-; .; ¦ ¦ ? ; - ¦
Skin-Grafting Operation.
PETAIAJMA, D«o. 15.— A second skin
grafting operation on the hand of little
Arthur Volkerts, who .was", recently' in
jured : in a • gun accident, was performed
here, to-day. This time the ekin was
tuken from the hand of. a younger broth
er, and with the former, patch taken from
the injured boy's Bound hand it served to
completely cover the wound. ¦
CALIFOBNIA SAFE
DEPOSIT COMPANY
porations of the Pacific
Coast.
One of the Best-Known Trust Cor-
The California Safe Deposit and Trust
Company occupies a conspicuous position
among the financial institutions of Cali
fornia. Having a capital stock of $1,000,
000, fully paid, with a surplus of $106,000
and Its resources $3,578,942 95, the concern
stands foremost among similar ' institu
tions of the Pacific Coast. .
Aside from its banking, features the
company is authorized by law to act as
executor, administrator, guardian or trus
tee, or In any other trust capacity, and it
is a legal depository for court and trust
funds. Its ssaft* deposit business is espe
cially noteworthy because of its unsur
passed facilities in this line. The steei
vaults of. the company are located be
neath Its banking apartments, at the cor
ner of California and Montgomery streets.
They are Inclosed in solid, fire-proof cas
ings and constructed of burglar-proof
metal. Built in y'olid tiers within impreg
nable walls are G43i» small safes, v.-hicn are
rented to individuals from $5 a year up
ward. -In these vaults also heavy pack
ages of value, such as silverware in boxes,
paintings, bric-a-brac, etc., may be stored.
The vaults are open dally from 8 a. m. to
6 p. m., and are accessible to patrons at
all times during these hours.
The offioprs of the company are well
known financiers. They are as follows:
J. D. Fry, president; R. D. Fry, vice pres
ident; J.* Dalzell Brown, manager; EL E.
Shotwell, secretary; James Conning, sec
retary.
BANX OF CATYTPOItNIA.
A. Financial Institution of Recognized
Strength and Stability.
When the history of ' banking In San
.Francisco comes to be written, the story
of the foundation and futuro growth of
the Bank of California will he among its
most cqnspicuous features. Recognized as
one of the soundest financial Institutions
in the world, the bank still occupies the
quarters at California and Sansome
streets in the building erected for it by
its founders years ago. In this location
the bank has experienced the vicissitudes
that confront every human endeavor and
each In turn was vanquished by its wise
and fearless conductors, so that to-day it
is stronger than ever before in its financial
career.
The Bank of California was incorporated
in April, 1864, by D. O. Mills and William
C. Ralston. The capital stock at that
time was fixed at $3,000,0130, but two years
later this was increased to $5,000,000. In
1S81, however, certain unfavorable legis
lation affecting banks prompted the reduc
tion of the increased capital stock to be
reduced to the original figure, at which it
stands to-day.
. The romance of the history of the bank
Is coincident with that of the Comstock.
In those days of unparalleled activity In
Comstock stocks, local banks did not hes
itate to advance as high as V'i*) on shares
of that stock. The reaction which inev
itably succeeds periods of inflation set in,
and the result was the suspension of the
bank in 187*. Mr. RaJston's death under
pathetic circumstances followed, but forty
days after closing its doors the Bank of
California had redeemed Itself in public
confidence by paying Its obligations dollar
for dollar.
This great result was accomplished,
through the sagacity and skill of Presi
dent D. O. MillB and his counselors on the
board of directors. In April. 1878. he re
signed his office In favor of William Al
vord, a financier of note, who has since
that time ably conducted the multitudin
ous affairs of the institution.
President Alvord, whose conservatism
has won for him the esteem of all con
nected with the bank, has an able coad
jutor In ThomasBrown, the veteran cash
ier, whose, connection with the bank dates
ba<:k to October, 1S70. Mr. Brown is a
financier whose Judgment in financial af
fairs has lifted him to the eminence oc
cupied only by authorities.
The assets of the bank on October 1 ag
gregated $20,893,5188 34. Its reserve fund Is
$1,000,000 and there is due depositors $12,
421,266 57. The money on hand amounts to
$3.&r<3,G3S 62. while its loans and discounts
r««ach $10,319,019 28. The directors include
many of the best-known capitalists In the
city.
Representatives of Both Sides Are
Uncommunicative, but It Is Plain
Developments Are Hourly
Expected.
i . * ; .".*
TOPEKA, -Dec, 15.-:Oplnion3 concern
ing tne telegraphers' strike have mate
rially changed to-day. Instead of the ln-
difference . which has been manifested '"by
some of the railroad officials during, the
past few days a disposition to be con
stantly on the alert has shown Itself.
• The officials of the Santa Fe have at
last become convinced that the strik?""
means something. The cause of this Is
the unrest prevalent among tho engineers,
conductors and brakemen. It Is regarded
as almost a certainty that some ot these
workers will go on a sympathetic strike
,within two days unless the differences
between the company and the operators
are. speedily adjusted.-^
The resolution of me trainmen in tak
ing this step is not thought to compre
hend so much sympathy tor the operators
as it does their own interests. Said a
prominent engineer to-day: , '
"If we sufter this thing to go by un
questioned, the right of the company to
do as it pleases will be permanently es
tablished and In spite of anything we can
do the rights and privileges of organized
labor will be hopelessly lost. It is the
principle we are striving for, and come
what may, the principle must and will be
maintained that organized labor must
and will be maintained— that organized
labor must have its rights."
As tar as can be learned there have not
yet been any conferences held between
the telegraphers and the representatives
of the trainmen's organizations. There "
an air of mystery aDout all the transac
tions, however, which makes It amount to
a practical certainty that there will be
something done within a short time.
President Dolphin looked very wise
•when asked by a press correspondent to
night what was in the wind.
"Well, just wait a little while," he re
plied. "We will have something to spring
soon that will 'curl your hair," so to speak.
What is it? Well, I cannot give that out
to-night. However, you may say this
with confidence: The telegraphers never
felt so good at any time during the pro
gress of the strike as they do right now.
We recognized from the start that we had
a hard fight, and we did not go Into It
unadvisedly and without a knowledge of
what we could expect In the way of sup
port from the other organizations. Come
around to-morrow and I think I will hava
something to tell you that will make the
people unanimously of the opinion that
there Is something in the strike." >
The Santa Fe officials deny that there
have been any representations made to
them by the officers of the trainmen's or
ganizations.
According to the best information that
can be received, however, representations
will be made to the officers of the road
Monday morning and they will be in
formed that the best thing they can do
will be to adjust things with the oper
ators.
New Phase./ in Strike oi
Santa Fe Railroad
Employes.
TRAINMEN MAY
JOIN OPERATORS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALX, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 16, 1900.
\ •
28
The Secret of Our Success.
#^ f We Restore Our Patients to Health and Strength as quickly
as is consistent with a Permanent Cure.
Harmless Remedies.
While our remedies are Wonderfully Effective they never
harm the patient while under treatmsnt or leave any injurious
effects on the system after a cure.
OUR TREATMENT srives vim, vigor, strength, vitality and ambi-
tion to weak and despondent men, young or old, married or single, re-
gardless of the cause of their trou ble. We master wasting weakness, un-
natural drains, losses, etc., quickly and permanently.
%^K r AI>aY^<<*»A Special and other contracted
WC /V15O W lire diseases, including contagious
blood poison, stricture, vari-
cocle, hydrocele, rupture, piles, diseases of the kidneys, spine, blad-
der, etc. Ailments which have become dangerous and chronic by bad
treatment or neglect, yield quickly to the skill of our specialists. We
supply all necessary medicines, etc., from our own private labora-
tories free to patients.
Our physicians are all regular graduates from the best medical col-
leges. They have had many years' experience in hospitals, in general*
practice and as specialists. .
HOMF Cl JPFS Our home cure system lY marvelotsslv
UUnriC j.^ If you cannot visit San
Francisco write u» in confidence and we will send you sealed, by mail, a
booklet which contains a treatise on all disease and weaknesses of men,
and a great deal of other valuable information.
ELEVATOR 1 ««»~. stoSd^n,.
ENTRANCE | Sunday*, 9 toll.
DR. MEYERS & CO.
¦Weekly Gall, $1.00 per Year
For holiday, gifts books are at all timed
most acceptable. An \ elaborate assort-
ment Is to d« found at Cooper's, TrW Mar-
ket suTSsmse^Boasstam^Si^iv^ ,¦ - ¦ •
-—RICHARDS & CO.,
Wholesale Druggists,
406-408 Clay Street.
OIL
CURES
RHEUMATISM,
NEURALGIA
AND— i
ALL PAIN.
50c Per Flask.
SOLD BY ALL DRUGGISTS
AND DEALERS
TRAPPERS
"i Aeiwis®
Aii women who suffer
from chronic diseases
to write to Dr. Pierce."
That advice is based tipon practical
experience. After suffering for months,
md finding no benefit reAltfrom the
treatment of the
local physician,
UMiss Belle Hetfrick
t. wrote to Dr. Pierce
' for advice. &fte
acted on the advice,
regained her appe-
, tite, recovered her
strength, and gain-
f ed several pounds
!>vy — > ii ¦ r^ *" weight.
; Vr»j — _ ff ¦ i >\ "Write to Doctor
/mT\ I sfhi Pi erce " * 8 8°°^ ad-
\m! \ 2!iM 'ivvi vice ior ever y
* 3KS£^ \ *fl ¦" roman to follow.
' J$%2& A ?«Jjj Jt coats nothing.
pfjfi^^A iM PT- Pi erce invites
/y^^^wjr-j suit him, by letter,.
ffjysr&RNif rte ' Addresa Dr.
Wy S^F R. V. Pierce," In-
fjp ' valids' Hotel and
Af . -. Surgical Institute,
%T', -.i Buffalo, N. Y.
In a Httle over thirty years, Dr. Pierce,
assisted by hi9 staff of nearly a score ' of
physicians, has treated and cured over
half a million women.
"I suffered from female weakness for five
months." writes > Mlsa Belle Hedriek of Nye,
Putnam Co.," W. Va. "I was treated by a good
physician, but he never seemed to do me any
good, I wrote to Dr. R. V. Pierce for advice,
which I received, telling me to take his ' Favorite
Prescription '. and 'Golden Medical Discovery.'
I took thirteen bottles of * Favorite Prescription'
and eight of 'Golden Medical Discovery.' when
I had used the medicine a month mv health was
much improved. It has continued to imnrovc
until now I can work at almost all kinds of
housework. - 1 had scarcely any appetite, but it
is all right now. Have gained several pounds
in weight. I advise all wno suffer from chronic
diseases to write to Dr. Pierce."
Dr. Pierce' 8 \ Pleasant" Pellets regulate
the. bowels. \,
DBr& ffll^H^li • Celebrated F«m«l«
k Pi I b L 1Po i w ' j€r " i° eveT fjiL
vJb tod tun (after tiUicc
vUbTu»rui<irconiimlFIllt).pmitieDlan4ooBt£
Dr. b. T. iiUAS, Itsvers, Bostc -, Mass.
| BATH ROBES ° PE " e™'™* ™TiL CHRJSTMAS. | SLK | |
•* Card ! nal and Oray . C Q v II ¦ t^2
————— COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. 3
~ * j I ij*
•-- HIiviAlmfiA fl^^-J^ Are here in great profusion. 3
I u HF SIOiSS bOQOS We a , re b8tte h r p h parPd h°
y *#¦¦» i«rmBfi«««# wvuv supply your holiday needs
~f m this year than at any previous season. The stocks 2
S£ are more extensive, greater in variety and choicer in • . 3
S= selection. In the useful, practical articles this store
2= offers you the most attractive assortments at absolutely the lowest 3
prices. We would like the opportunity to prove this. =25
o»— . — «¦»
I A REMARKABLE SILK PETTICOAT SALE. ENORMOUS SALE OF GLOVES. I
| $6,95 for a $11.50 Skirt. 51.75 Gloves for $1.10 a Pair. |
§=iti£ffi& 1 £^ FITTED AND GUARANTEED. , t ; • 3
5= <33 h^ iR r at^ rr f s , e , was r centl L^ e Oafi th -3
T~ petticoat* mn.lo of the best quality Taf- I fflk b^ us from the leading glove manufac- % ffl ill •—
5= f>ta Bilk, finiphod in the latrst fashion J E P a -|i turer of Paris at a great sacrifice. It in- M j | |J z£}
with an aorortiion plaited flouncp. «^xtra g K •- fl i.- 1 1 volved a patherinp of 4000 pairs of the Eg ! ~*^
**— <iupt rufflp and ruche bottom: in fashion- & Bi hiphest gTacJe Ladles' Gloves. Every pair B n.i.
2^ a»i1e oo'.ors of cardinal o!<1 roso. bluet TigS? is made of the finest selected skins, of the P r<sl1
£ SSf^^^k^lK w , , /f £ j*tt &****$* 1
5= ULSO value; on t^pcial sale at Worth $11.50 backs, with two '.arge fashionable clasps; «•
TT~ —,,-r~. -:_._'_.. , . . ¦ in colors of tan, mode, brown, gray, ox „, , '''. —^i
EXTRA SPFriM.. shJral^r^V^eSV^ersnk «Mood. pearl, white and black: ,n a», s,ze 8 . Worth $1.75
w^~ Morr-on Pott;oo->t5=. mado of the hfst quality silk Mnroen. We confidentiv believe th'sv are the greatest values _^
3^ with a d^(p sccordlon plaited flounce; intfJQ OC Cgrth ever offered \n thi3 citv: therefore prudent buyers
g- all colors; a $*.'>) ukirt for OuiZO LdOII should not fail to anticipate their holiday wants now. — m
§i |i = I 3
"^ A £ OF NFOKWFAR We closed out the entire sample linecf Ladies' High Class Neckwear from — •
*-" AT UAIC ' DDipC the well-kno^rn manufacturers, I. Modry & Co., New York City, at 50 ZS
St^ A I HALl rnluL cents en the dollar, to be offered to-morrow at the same ratio. The choicest
•^ noveltiHS of the season — only one piece of a kind, but hundreds of exquisite styles to choose from,
•^ in LACE AND SILK FICHUS, VELVET AND SATIN STOCK COLLARS, SILK AND LACE
ZZ SCARFS. REVERE LACE COLLARS. JABOTS AND BOWS. EVERY PIECE WILL BE SOLD AT
C= EXACTLY HALF PRICE. AS FOIXOWS: Sf
S^: ?5c Xeekwrar 1 2'vf Jl.r>0 Neckwear 7.*»O J3.00 Neckwear fti.oO -?
«»_ EOeXeckirear U."*** J2.00 Nerkwear S1.*»m J4.no Neckwear ..SSJJ.fm 12
ST" 75c Neckwear HSv J2..'j) Neckwear S1.il,"> $5.00 Neckwear SU.oO ' • rj»
£>-— — -«»
| CHRISTMAS HANDKERCHIEFS. $7.50 FRENCH FLANNEL WAISTS $4.59 1
•*— Our best effirt* have hem devnted to coIlPctfnK handker- An Heal Xrnan present, one of thesp exquisite waists. We ~^t
£ m le to rh e a hr;h:;,: ar ';:; m o e f %£, hm ?~ i * ct « wm ?r of / he w^r *&$& i &f lntpnd to cloee
S^ inspection out th!s Wf "* k - Ever > ore of lbem Pol<3 u » l ° now at &a -,o — •
S= lOI^ EACH -I^rtief Fh^er Quality Pure Linen Hem-tltrhed rD0 " On special sale to-morrow, eaoh &**
J I Han'lkerch<ef»«. •nith a beautiful hand-embroidertd — •«
%Z l^r* EACH—!**!** Pure I,!n*n Fanry Embroidered nnd | tA U U Vf II 0 AllU WnAl I LHu "^
1<JV Lace Trirr.n;f'1 Handken hiefs, in many new styles and — **
de^ipns; pood value at 2'.c. OEM QAI B? ~^
ACp EACIl-A grar.d variety of Ladles' Kmbroldere.i and Wl* -^ ~ JSi %S i r^. fc- <w? *-l Om C— , -^
SH -*-° . J^» OP E 5* ct H«n*fc««yMtf£ in '£« v " r >" Iatest desUns. Th)fI announcement will brins many buyers to this popular "21
jj- pure li^n: w,,rth .rom ..<- to .^.> each department. We have KCUr*d acaln a yery choice sample line
s= 25c K^hSS^^iwSSSS^ffi f r a New York ¦feft?^ fe^Ss* to - morrow much 3
y- «^ l( , a i )OX l>o]r»w regular r r tce«i. Msde of the l.rst French cashmere, elaho- rXJJ
C|"« HOX - O«-i,ts- All-I>inen. Hemstitched Handkerchiefi.. *^* e^ braided and lace trimmed, fancy yokes: In shades of Car-
J^_ *-» • extra fine <juality, wUh » j>retty lnitia.1; Rrand value; ainal. pnrnet. brown and black. Worth from $6.50 to fl>«>.85 *¦
¦—- J1.&0 box. $S.W) each; Monday, each '....... tpO ;^3
E SI.25 BLACK CHEVIOT QQ r REAL EBONY ARTICLES A GRAKD SUIT OFFER. Cin QIS 1
g= Monday.. .Yard WUU with Beautiful Si'ver Mountings. Well Worth $17. 5O. Ea OIUl JU r-;
y Kothtcg more noceptable U>r a Rift than a A preat variety from the best domestic You iK^itively cannot duplicate these ex- Z25
Black I>rp<;», and here we prewnt a genuine and European manufacturers. Ebony Mir- tremely stylish Tailor-Made Sulta under -*•
at— barraln. You have learneil fr<3m exf^rl- r«>rn. Hair brushes. Cloth and Military $17.50 each. All are finely tailored; full zS
y ence that we <!•> not diaappoteL S^o yards l?ru^he.«. Nail P.i]|«her?. T.xith Hrushes and Rare skirt; the jacket silk lined; perfect r — «•
5^ extra heavy I'.Iark Cheviot. H inches wide. I>ret=!=inB i'omlw at prices suarnnteed the fitting suit. Made of fine imported home- —^t
a crsTid wearinir quality; was imi«>rte<l to lowest, Kach article neatly engraved and «-p«in. In Oxford Cray and blue. <{» 1 f\.H3 "
*7" pell for t1.m> a yard; we bouRht it under boxed. . '¦ • Exceptional value, suit tj>lvf— ' -«*
•p- repilar value, therefore the FrffialQQ^ OUR CLOVE ORDERS. =55
fc rnro. > ard OOC nirIstraaf „„„. permit the R|A(U( §\\V§ CH R PRESENTS =^
T~ •f«tif«>%# r... •# ....tn-rn « « -» i- recipients to personally select their own ULHUI » OILIVO I U il ! IILOLUIOi t^»
HGL DAY SILK WA STS S3 75 «*«? An i">™*™ to peiect from, em- zS
»_ itl'LUKI Oil-'X 1-rtlOIO OU. I U hracinp the choicest (styles and weaves. In
S^ Each. Worth $"S. 50 SfUPv VVfin nflPfUfPSr 7fl*% the best qiwlltli-s, a$ Peau de S<»le, Grm -^
£ Our New Yovk ..uyer made a " t pur- w , „ "J 1118 '™ 8 " 1 ' f HR ggft £?»**! Taffeta, A rmures and
5= cha.se nf i^di»H- siik Waists, which ' win b» $IVa!ue3, Mondav, Each • wu others. -«g
y~ liiter^f-tinK news t.» gift buyers linikini? for . A beautifully shaped Rarment. vests and ' " -^
Ftyle and economy. Made of stronp. dur- pants to match; Jersey ribbed: made of For Monday: Special— 600 yards of fine. ZSm
able Taffeta Si!k. in the latest fashion, in flue selected stock; finished seams; will Black Poau de Pole, of a dependable qujl- -""•
r~ a " the r ' PW f:i " eolorta«8; all slrep. On not shrink; in natural only; J1.00 *TQr» Ity; a rich and luMrous black. A Qff- -"••
t^— tale at J?H ~T,: regular value tZZi) earh. garments; Monday, each * «7V* jf.20 pilk; special, at, yard t/uL ~^j
m~- SIDQnn DIDHAINQ ' w "' pifes No. 2 pure silk satin ribbon, in the leading shades, per piece Ur»o
g- niDuUll O.-tnUHIIlCi &X) pieces No. Z pure silk satin ribbon, in the leading shades, a yard 5c -3
giiuiuiujiuuiiijuiiiiiuuiiiitiiaiuiiuuiiuiijiuuiuauiiityujtuiuiijuiiijujuiujuiiiiiuu^
Our BanR Deposit Guarantee.
Any one wishing to test our Remedies, Appliances and
Methods may deposit the. price of a cure in any bank in San
Francisco. If a cure is not made in a reasonable tim?. the bank
will return the money. No other physicians will treat
you on these terms. Payments may be made monthly,
if preferred.
Cured by Dr, Meyers & Co., Amer-
ica's Most Successful
Physicians.
Diseases and Weakness of Men
SKILLED SPECIALISTS
THE LITTLE SICKNESSES
Which Grow Into Big Ones.
A little cold In the head Is a trifle, but If
neglected and It hangs on from week to
week and gets Into the throat and lungs it
Is no longer a trifle. It is then no longer
a Blight cold but the beginning of chronic
catarrh. '
Do not make th« mistake of thinking you
have no catarrh because the head and
nose appear to be clear. If there is cough,
tickling In the throat, 'hoarseness or a
sense of oppression In the chest you have
throat and bronchial catarrh. If the ap-
petite Is poor, nausea, gagging and dis-
gust for food, especially In the morning, •
you have catarrh of the stomach.
The surest and safest treatment for
every form of catarrh is an Internal rem-
edy which acts especially on the blood !
and mucous membranes.
Such a remedy Is the new catarrh cure,
sold everywhere by druggists under name
of Stuart's Catarrh Tablets, a medicine in
pleasant, convenient tablet form and con-
taining all the hest and latest specifics for
catarrh, whether located In nose, throat
bronchial tubes or etomach.
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets are composed
of Sanguinaria, guaiacol, Red gum and
similar antiseptics which destroy the {
germs of catarrh In the blood, and no one
who suffers from any form of catarrh and I
has seen the uselessnesa of sprays,
douches, an# powders, will ever go back
to them after once trying so convenient,
pleasant and harmless a remedy as J
Stuart's Catarrh tablets and one which ;
gives relief in so shdrt a time. , ,
Even in cases where catarrh has af- j
fected the senses of smell and hearing, i
these tablets accomplish a cure because
the blood being cleansed of catarrhal
germs, the mucous surfaces of the nose
and throat no longer clog up the respira- |
tory passages with catarrhal secretions.
All druqglPts sell full sized treatments of '
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets for the nominal j
prlco of 50 cents, and the regular daily use I
of them will effectually cure this trouble- j
some and dangerous disease. i
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
70 1 Market St.
/ \J X SAN FRANCISCO.
Explains How He Got Into Good Condition After His
j^jjlljipg^j Recent Breakdown ot San Francisco, Cal. — The
T&n*>^ \ Cleverest and Most Consistent Fighter in the Ring
K^a^j To-Day Gives an Insight to His Manner of Rccover-
\M§5* /&iiZfr ~*V Everybody heard about the- recent breakdown of Tommy Ryan a£
Yfl%f/ Wi X 3n F" ranr> ' PCO when his stornnoh srave him such trouble that his flRht
J$Mf ,/// l 'lih \ wlth Jack Mrin " at ha(1 to 1)e called off. To use his own words, he was
¦ J&f" 1 '' K 'jft '"UiV ' n " lia ' 1 shape" for some time. Besides p. very aggravated form of
J&V> // stomach trouble, which made it impossible for him to get Into condi-
(r ' /% vf ijXJi, X tion for such a hard proposition as Jack Moffat. he had a severe pain
ill ff/' V VsHil \ in his nack - which the doctors termed "lA'mbnRo." It looked bad for
Vt\ xLvvr. /r,M V the Promipr welter-weight, and few expected to see him get into the
c \'/////«?-/^ Vv< *'t ' - i l TSih^' »J^H As mav 1>e so< * n from is letter herewith, he has. recovered his
B \i}iZ;-'>L »_f)7 1/ U xfrni. " n " t 75i0£~*~\ 'i«'alth perfectly, and in a most ordinary and well-known manner.
i il^l/T!?^. : 1 — WB
\'^^TM^^^r H0W TOMMY. GOT IN SHAPE..
J\&&/\ ' ~r*%jtry&&jt?>££&^\ Vvs. ~~ i.icar S^: \\!.-!i I w.ni tn Ran Francisco a few months^agti to flclit
'rj j. ¦¦ M^i—i^^^^^S^A V\^v j!irk M>»fTat my KtomHfli wa.< trnulillnj; me no that a few .lifts before th^
•VA/. i f hz3^Z^=z£ZZrZ*ZZ^Z\ Xi^ fielit whs "clieduifd 1 »pnl ;ill tn pieces »n.i had to cancel trip pnc-.isr.>Tn»nt.
4/ / / Sr^SSiizZ^^^^Z^z^A *1y 1>:if ' k %vas in l>ad «h»P f> Rlf>. 1 had an .-ivvfnl i>uln which kf-M inf from
Sy / / fags^: \ dolnjt my»plf 1u.=ticf>. On my way through Denver I called at your office
r 7 J L £~ i::^ r B^^Z^&Z5£&>z~^. nn<1 purchased nne of your I>r. Mrl^auulilhi Klectric DeltH. ami have hpon
/ / 7^^^^^^^S3?-J?t^^^^3 us1n«r it ever since. It Is th<- greatest thine that «as evrr inventfil for
' JSf^^^-* "TiP'Sr^^^^^^a huildlng » ni.in up. It h;in dono wonders fnr me. It just simply made n\"
| fe»«isg~S fc --*^yY^«^fefeg--g-A ov.-r :n;ah]- that iy the bppt v..iy I can dpscribe how it worked. It put my
!%&*£' \ stomach In flr«t-cla*s pondltlrn. tf.'>k tiii^ pain out of my bark and mndp
1 ff Tyz&y \ 1™* as * ; '''^' r 'e> aid vijrorj'Js as [ was before my trouble came on. I feej ppr-
Ir TUff/fts, feoily fit now and will not mis* a chance to praise the Dr. MetviURhlln
lit ?3 »////% Klwtric Belt as lonp bf I live. Respectfully yours. •
W W \l/////Zr TOMMY RYAN'. Champion \Veltcr-we4fcht of the World.
WrVs T VpW^ P. R— KovMTibM- 28. 1900— Dr. •Mclaughlin: Please, add; to' my"" letter 'of
Wf'/y' I \]i/i Vr yesterday that In mycontest uith Kid Carter of' Urooklyn "last evening 1 t
\fi yf I Xi// hac * very P os ' t|ve evidence of how much I owe to your wonderful Belt.- I
\f Oy / y///. ,f. never felt better, never had more steam to my work, and during the six
f// /f/7l ' Wf/f/ lit rounds of hard flphtlng .. I • n-ver felt the MlKht»st evidence of my old
PV SivA - 7fn" - ' stomach or hack trouble. You have a wonderful remedy, and It should b«
\(i>'k'wy <l"'Ahnl ' U8< * d b} every ' man who wanu strength and health. TOMMY RYAN.
PA DR - MCLAUGHLIN'S ELECTRIC BELT
t»|%% Is the grandest remedy In the world. It is the only never-fail-
VMK/b ing cure for Rheumatism, Lame Back, Nervousness, General
\(/W/ Debility, Varicocele, Weak Back and Kidneys, "Wasted Energy,
yjif/i ' Sleeplessness, Pains in the Head, Back, Chest, Shoulders and
J&Z& _ TM g Limbs, Female Weakness, and all those ailments from which
=SJ"^ m$( womm suffer. It cures after all remedies have failed.
)^\ -^ Why? Because it restores nerve life, animal vitality, warmth
jg^^S^^^ jiisi^l? and vi S or to a11 V2ak parts. It makes them strong, restores
them to what nature intended them, health, vitality; and you
know, dear reader, that if each organ of your body is strong
and acts vigorously, you will be in perfect health/
DRUGS ONLY STIMULATE. DR. MCLAUGHLIN'S ELECTRIC BELT GIVBS LASTING STRENGTH.
ITS CURES ARE PERMANENT, FOREVER. \
Ite touch is the touch of magnetism: It creates In a weakened body new life, vigor, ambition, energy, courage, hap-
piness and long life. It Is Nature's greatest Restorer, applied ffently while you sleep.. It will transform your weakened,
pain-racked body Into a paradife of heftlth. Try It, you debilitated man, you poor, weary and disheartened woman; feel
tho life blood warming 5'our heart, the fire In your blood and" the eteel In youi nervee.
,CALL AND TEST IT TO-DAY, FREE -READ MY BOOK.
Call If you can and In five minutes I will make you a convert to mr syetem of treatment. .' I will talk common sense to y^u, and
you will B*-e that I know what I uo talking about. If you can't c»U write for my beautiful 80-page book, which describes my method
of treatment and gives prices. It Is fre«. Call or write to-day. Office hours, 9 a. m, to % p. m. Sunday*. 10 to 1.
DR. M. A. McLAUQHLIN; 702^^ f r rny 'which fell about »7 .000.000 below the out
put of 1S3S as a result of the war In the
TransvaaL .
The world's production of silver in 1539
was 157.ZU.2« fine ounces ayainst 163 255.
572 tine ounces in 1S38. Mexico leads and
Mexico and the United States produce
two-thirds of the silver yield of the
world. The world's Industrial consump
tion of gold is estimated at *72,C8,50O and
of silver *2{,2Q5,G0O.
MOUNT TAMAXPAIS
SCENIC BAIL WAY
The beauties of a trip to Mt Tamalpals
via the Mt. Tamalpals . Scenic Railway
have long been the admiration of every
visitor to San Francisco and vicinity It
Is a trip that will live long in the memory
of all who make , the journey to this cele
brated spot.
i Mt." Tamalpais has an altitude of SSI
feet above the level of the sea and is 14
: miles " from ~ San * Francisco. From Its
j heigrhts. which are reached by the ra'I
i way. the grandest panoramic views in ex
istence ; may be , witnessed. The railway
is in itself a novelty, it having m curves
In a distance of eight miles. > The cars
are handsomely fitted up and . the accom
modations excellent.: To those desiring
to soend the aizht oa tee summit tfca caw
Tavern of- Tamalpals offers unsurpassed
attractions.
Steamers leave via Sausallto three times
dally and four times on Sundays. Tbe
fare for the round trip is n *X
PT.ATTS FOB PEBITVIA2I
STEAMSHIP COMPAJTT
Service to Be 'Extended, to Central
America ; and Possibly San
Francisco.
I : WASHIXGTOX. Dec- IS.— A translation
j of an article from a Peruvian Journal rel
ative to the establishment of a national
steamship company on the Peruvian coast
has been received at the' State' Depart
ment from Mr. -Neill. secretary of. the
United Sta.tes legation at tjhtw If the
company meets with success It la the In
tention to extend , the service as far a*
Central America and San Francisco. Sev
eral propositions^ Mr. Xeill says, are be
ing considered by the Lima. Chamber of
Commerce with a view to affording
srreater facilities to the country's indus
try and * commerce. The article calls at
tention to the progress of other lines of
steamers trading on -. the west coast of
1 America and is of >the opinion that with
J tzujfio four steamers ml£nt be purchased
for th« coasting service between Art!*
and Guayaquil witfc many adrantas-s to
home traffic.
Nine Smith, Typewriters.
Tte Kern County Abstract Corapasy.
BakersSeld. ordered five late model Sraltlj
Premier Typewriters, and the Fresraa
Business College also purchased four new
Smlta Prensler3. from L. & M. Alexandar.
the agents. •
Xew O2cers Chosen.
CHARLESTON. S. C. D*e. tt— Ta»
League of American Mtznlclpalltlest.
which has been in session bere stocs
Wednesday, concladed lu bestsess and
adjourned this afternoon. The next con
vention will be beld ar Jaziesurwn. X. T.
These ofScers were elected: President. J.
M. Johnson. Faryo. X. I>.: ric9 presi
dents. Mayors Ashley (Sev BedJord.
Mas3.>. E. Smith (Obarleato-fln:). — .
Stephen CCast St. Isixis); secretarr. Jobs
McVickers (l>s ltoir.es >; treasurer. T. P
Taylor « Bridgeport. Conn.)
Gold-isounted p«n and pencil holder*.
fQver desk ornarnentE. leather calendars
ar.d letter holders, writing sets. lap tab
lets, ornamental blotters, fancy Inkstands.
little troid clocks. letter openers, paper
cutters and nir-y other useful and pretty
articles for the writing desk. Sanborn.
Vail & Co.. 7*1 Market street- •
Good for Christmas.
SdocUI D4n>»tch to Tfce Call.
CALL BUHEAV, 1*>5 G STREET.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 15.— James G.
Blcirie Jr.. son of illustrious sire, is
' engaged to Miss Martha Kichborn of
I Wasnington. and as young Mr. Blatne is
! well known on tiie Pacific Corst by reason
i cf fcls numerous escapades, and as Miss
i iltnha. daughter of Philip Hichborn,
' r.aval constructor, is celebrated far and
i near for her exciulsite beauty and Is well
' Known in San Francisco, this aa=oun«
! nitnt scon to be given out ufUcially will
i te greeted with equal interest in Wash
i iEffton. New \"ork and San Francisco.
; Piiiiip Hichfcom was at ose tln-.e fita-
I :iored at Mare Island and recently vt»
*3Mtai!M*rtta Hichborn has for several
! seasons reigned cs the belle cf Washing
ton -ociety. &r,e :s justly regarded as ine
I most beauUtul young woman in the
'¦ caattaL In fact, she has no compeu
1 tors, ehe is. moreover, a y^ung laay of
'¦¦ t"-e utmost rtfenement ax.d of many ac
¦ coniptisr.n:er.»s. Tfcfct she will wed young
I M- Blairs can hardly be credited by
Ine-ci^ of eitber. jet the report seems to
> t-e -»eil authenticated.
The divorce s«:u:ed by Mrs. Blame the
! fr«=t from "ycur.g Jira." as he is famil
lariv called in \\ aehington. and the tes
t'niccv adduced at the trial showing his
' treatment of his wife, are too fre^h in the
• --ublic n:lr.d to need reretition here. Mrs.
> 31aine after securing her divorce went
: en the stags. She atterwrard rnarried Dr.
; 3uli ar>. eminent practitioner of this city.
James G. Jr. has continued to reside in
Washington, excep: at intervals when he
• has ccmniendably tried to shift fcr hirn
', ecU. but ail of his attempts seem to have
b^en failures. He was appointed a cap
tain in the volunteer army by President
: MrKir.ley through his mothers influence
with crfd-time friends of Secretary Blaine,
but sooa after reaching Manila was re
called and was later mustered out of the
service, much against his inclination. It
will be remembered that while en route
tc the Philippines he engaged in several
1 carousals, especially wnen his ship
i touched at Honolulu. His conduct was
1 reported to the War Department and his
; recall was speedy.
Then Mr. Blaine tried newspaper re
i porting in New York City. It was be
: lieved by an enterprising city editor that
! the magic name of James G. Blaine. al
! thousrh it had "Jr." on th? end of it.
I would prove an open sesame and would
i admit young Mr. Biaine through portals
I and secure interviews with prominent
i ioliticians visiting New York where other
j reporters wctld fail. For some time he
j contributed a column on the editorial
i page of the New York Tribune under the
1 caption. 'The Passing Throng." This was
r.oihing more than what '.p known in
newspaper parlance as the hotel column.
I end young Blaine was merely the hotel
reporter, out he was iwoud of the dis-
I ¦Jinction of navtna: his matter printed on
j tbe editorial pajre and promised to do
I well. But fcr some reason or other he
gave up this employment and returned to
Washington, where he has since lived
Trtth his mother.
Bride to Be Is the Daughter of Ad
miral Hichborn and the
Reigning Belle at
"Washington.
Official Announcement of the
Engagement Soon to
Be Made.
BLAINE TO WED
MISS HIGHBORN
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 16,^1900.
GOLD AND SILVER
PRODUCTION
WASHINGTON. Dec. 13.— The report of
the Director of the Mint on the produc
tion of gold and silver in the United
States during- the calendar year 1SS9 j
shows only alight variation from the ap- •
proximate figures given out early in the r
present year.
The final figures are J71.053.4C') for gold '
and $32^35.700 for silver. The gold product
was the greatest In the history of the
country. The sliver product of the United
States in 1S99 was slightly greater than in
1S3S, being: »4,764,OX> ounces against 54,438,
©00 ounces. ¦ -
! The average price for silver during the
year on the London quotations was-*)
cents per ounce, as compared with 59
cents In 1S5S. The following: are the fig
ures by States and Territories for the 1SS9
production.
Value of the product of gold and silver
In the United States for the calendar year
1S39.- as estimated by the Director of the '
Mint:
Silver (coasreer.
State cr Territory. GoIJ value. clal value).
Alabama $4,:>> ¦ y,',
Alaska r,4o3.50» S4. •"»-¦)
Artiona. .....' 2.5W.1W. S-ii.:»y>
Calirornla I5.1S7.SW J 143^*>
Colorado I5,S5!,«iJ0 13.197.54 1 >
Georgia- .."..¦'. .' 113.0O> ;«
Idaho MS9.000 • T.KL0SJ
Maine 3,«»> S>-
Marrland _. l.S0>> *>
Michlran ¦ VSO ' «7.*< l >
Missouri IV) . . .63
Moataaa • 4.7SO.1*) 9.C7,OX)
Nevada 2,rz.<»> ..: -'...¦¦''. . UA^-fi)
New Mexico ............ 5?I.I'» 3Ol.S3t>
Xorth Carolina ...;.... . 34.5>» is-v
Orsgoa ¦: I.4J5.5OO S.^y*
Sooih Carcllna 1SO.10O Wi
South Dakota......'..... C,4S}.30> ST.SS)
Texaa 18,S^> H2.»»
Utah -.:.-. .;.;..'....; X«CS0O' 4,235.9*1
Vermont ................ li» . . r
Washiayton - fti40O U3.€»i
VIrjrSni* 7.1»> S>
wromias a.ioo ;*>
Totals .....tn.ets.vn j3s.sss.tw
The world's production of sold ta : 1S33
was of the value of $3M.5$4..v», an Increase
of $19a3«JDO over the >ield of 1S38. The
principal gains were $6,5S<>.400 In the South
ern" States. JT.-tS5.eC0 In Canada (mainly In
the, Klondike) .and Australia .' J14.560.S0>>.
The moat important loss was In Africa.
29
A CallAarcIa calendar. n«» to t30t~
NotMn^ published thl3 year so teterest-
tu* for Eastern friends. Price. r*«,i>- for
the mail. SO cects eac^x. Saabonx. Vail Jfc
Co.. ill' Market arxeet. . •
It's the week before Christmas. Next Monday night the Christmas stock-
ings will be hung. We are making the days longer by adding the evening hours. We
are doing our best with nearly 2000 helpers to serve you quickly and well. A few of the advantages of doing your Holiday
shopping here are: The largest and most complete stock of Christmas presents in the West to choose from, everything under
one roof (an advantage which is especially appreciated when it rains). Luxurious Pa/Iors. Lavatories. Telephones. Parcel-
Checking Bureau, a splendid Cafe to lunch in, and many other conveniences, and, best of all, money never went so for in pres-
ent-buying as now and here. : \*iz
A Free Camera. A Brief List Special Sale, Monday Only, J&*.
Clothing Department's Holiday Offering. orneipiui bin Wainy Day Skirts.
. With every boy's iuit or over- jliPj^CStlOllS. To-r=crrow cnly — all dar aad creaiaz nacl clocng tsne — we c&r an ccr- - A SjT\
ir^tf^=^\^pj'^ ~jj~- s- coat purchased this week in our -^ * ' p-_ m-«- icons Eae of" Rjinr Day Skirts, at aboct cne-dirJ off; aS our newest aai V'jlMV^M
ChilX-cn's Clothing Dcparancnt SLvzr M J2b«m^" 75c to $5 S^^* ttyIC ** Owi=S ** aaeS5^ r P^ 6 * 5 "" * l£er3£:ce4 j§Stp^
•^"Vt-Jj J*""^^=4 \==^~£^ ± ' \c^J |^*~ we %V^'^ S^ vc of charge one or Meerschaum Piprs — tist qna'itT. .53-75 to $7 $>.co aad .$6.co Skirts cot tt. 53^5
1 1 If CSC F"^ P^irc-raakbg cam- Brhr Pife-alTer nwunringj . J7.50 and |3.5O Sk : r3 cct to [[ .54-93 f \\
'^oV^wMy^ cra5— an instrnctive present that r -:¦-• •-•^r---/: --52 25 to $5 ? 10.00 aad <n.co Skim cut to $695 / i\\
/ \P* N>T x «r-X i^^-X'^h/ i i*-^— ... - r o . French Brtar Yvjc — amber moorhpiete. <i2.ss»=d*xt so Sldra cist r> 5t O> / i\\
/ • Wai t^^A^&t, pvs a — "v^.p^- TT. p . 7 5c t,$ 2 fejo. SSg^SSSSS *^:U:^S£^*^^i^52S / i\\
/ /I ir HI^YVM^ U * C t0 yOtmg 11311^ m &c AmbCT Ogirtta HoJdcn 75c to $2 Kctkt, clk^sed, a3 cckn, aad nearly 1 io others. J15.OC, / i\\
(-%/\ °M° UA\r^L^l^® i- science of phctOgraphv. Rubber Tobacco Pcwches 25c to $1 5i6.es and |x3.cc; all new, nae, wars Jackets; all colon, ekj and / U V
V V/ O/lO \ '/ A,.^^ ' Oar chi*- ' Faacr Snsoiiag Tobacco— glaajan.. 50c to $2 njts; an £k Hned. Ccr stock is too fcearr on these prico, tf»Q QC I* «\ : V
\ X"J /I f V^ V i H J,.r,»« rinr-u;*,,, A^fer— —^—^"^'i^s^ Ggan — 50 in a box $1 to 55 so down theT go now. Wh2e the lot Iasa tost choice for A7.7J / :j I \
\&* G rno[ rTirt Clothing fS^P^^ Gold Fdlcd Handag Case Wauhes.$9.o5toS35 C1 ,, .,/«- . „ ,.,.,. „.. , .7 . / ! U)
d/ 7 I 1 1 / ! S'oreh on- o- P"^B y T WMR«yw.-fJ.*' «S tn S10O 53-75 and $4-00 Frer eh Hinnd \»a«ti for $2.i5—Aaot»i kt et kt- L J^2
Lm 0*. I III , Ei {»¦ i; I -t v- • 1 r» f tt- L «« . «t- cral tee rtr^ aad cuaSEes, lined tbro5Ziia«, ta all the bat tf»^ V^^=2^J
T7 / • 1 1 ¦• A 1 m t::™~: ® I s^srsfec^^pi^^ *-* •» *-»* -s^^^...^ - - $2.75
l/A >c5>e^ • ceparrm.^LS "-^{jf - «<?,] CoDar BuKoru— soiid gxdd $1 ta 53 1 «^——
;//\« M M • m C ' , - ;Emb-emPks-anTcrIer-«lHgcU..$lto55 /7i«2^\ 13, «* /^ MM « M 4 _
A/«/ <^J / I where you will not only bud an immense Ro:>i G>i Wa:ch Chains 25c to S;0 u>2*^^> rllf iiQriTlCIlTS
/T j / §* W asscrtraentcfstipie goods bur all oftlenov- Nail Ffles—ia sErer cases 75c to 31 «^SS» *-«v*a l^.
W U fl /JL da sin bovs' clothing at department store *|r acIl * H c . :>n J*~? lIea^ ercafss --J 5= t ?" cfcdce b»Kc s«i <»«*», wkh ti. «i s t»i:, 54.95
If W wr ' " Muitaiy Haar Brosto-eflTer mounted— pair. . .tM^ £9 B;r cjal^ RItct Mnk Qoilwrnr, *ckc cf atnihaa. $7.50
/« -few ?w y l- SU:t$ V • V ¦ ¦ V S2 - 4 °, tO ., S:0 - G0 Sospenden-with «l.er buck:«. . .52.50 t^ 54 »P co "» c '" -^^ - =^ »^4^ 14
JgLr^*^*^ The Vestee Md S*Ior Sait5 shown in the Slnstra- , Leather-covemi Whaky Ha-ks.JSc to $4-50 inches ' 57 15- 16 inches 5S L5- xi =--„ 5915
ccn art pro cr the fiity difircn: srrlcs and &- | Men's Fu~e Coin Pcrs« .25c to S3 i§ B-.n <p£a' Baltic 'Seal Cape, n*e cf bLu^ asikhaaj 1 hrois x-.i *
ErJ that we ;ho-jr ia hon 3 to 10 \nn d agr. p. fl ' Either Drsss-^!: C*<-; $4 up A»£<''JJ'£ I 3& "ili u'behes ' '
Tner are made of aQ-wool B:ne Sergts cr Cheriots and Fir.cy Ct£si=-.rr.-s ar.d pi A A : G-:; a i; t Ali-ator Cabin Bjh 59 UD £M WjJmM^^i ' .T$lO45i : "i« i bichei SIL45-' :* '-V-ra «P 45
Ch:v-:3Q, and the b=r store's iow pric;— cich . I -•^¦i^O' Hiir Brushes — plain S! to SS Rrrer M"ik^^Capc mxh roSe, 1+ ineh« .
I Celluloid Collar ar.d Caff Box«. . . . .50c 13 55 '^SSSSs**'^^ _ 35.00; 10 bche;." 517.50
Beys' Thrtc-PitCC Vest Suts — Conriithg of roaai-ccrasred sack teat, doahle- rf*m ri/V | Fancy Vests— fem 53 to $3 \frv^T<^\ CsakeEecsic Seal Cape, with yok?; H:r<r3aIIw bhek ajfrakian;~u
tetasted rest and knee pants, in aH-wool material, for ages 10 to 16 jean — ex- j All-woo! Sacking JacfceO $4-50 to $15 \.Xlt- \ inches *. 5J6.00*' 1 6 indw .$!S.0O
cepdocallT good value at the b:e store's f rice • ! Alen's Silk Neclcwear 25c to $2
New arrivals b Russian Blouse Suits and Overcoat* from $6.00 to $10.00 } Hemstitched Silk Inirial Hindkerchiefj
Christmas Tree Ornaments. 0 ! Christmas Aprons C_ _ 3
A a bcndfii ««»« of th= sip k »d nB e and S^^^v|; i i ! : 7 ic^ $1io and Chadreii's Furnishinas plfpTi
/£_ scrirabV Tr« Omam-na, «I«ttd by oir pjth, : cte«._a™,_n wm d Jl 1,52 Ufa-^ ctate-, A^ o ._ E » fal .j / frjis ' '\
-VVCP o?"^_ . own buver in ElK'Opc. { Surer Kev Chains — with rings 51.25 to 52 „. -. . ..,»» .",' I I^2C^ \
J^^i^^l ' ,',„„-,, -,. ! Gun Metal Cgarette Case* S5 to 515 ChSdren s Dresses, Jacket, and Bonnet, make w^con* presents l%g~g \
•^**h"&$ G!a 3 Eals-each.3c to 20c A\ax Angdi-with w«p j v^trman's Founcaa P.n. $2.50 to $6 for Md cc0J - /; ,h\
>^2^i>^ibL BHIiantlv Colored Gla?s aad trarcp-.t;....IO: to 25c p^yinz-cari Ca^« . 65c to $2 .50 Laies' Lawn Tea Aprons— Lace tnmmed and Iargs lawn aprota k f : ' . f K !T V- **>
yyJS'^S Homs, Rsh*5, Batrerfiles Sinta C am- from. . .10c cp ¦ " ForLadlZS: wsrh emfcrwfctr Bserrion. 35c iT-'t*^
£^5t 7 5S«51g APretn-DressPatern $5 to $25 «-f-* Tel Ap^-M*--,! lace /fe^
/?^^^h>^. T^eibr^nts-fach... Cor n«:opbs-p« dozen. _ A Glove Order fcr aay .mount lawa apron, wrJ, t.ck, and en&ovierj edgr 50c //'j^- "
*^^^^j'.^S^%T «^_ .Ic to 10c l?c, 15c to 75c ! Hand-painted Opal Rose Bowls 40c to $1 Laiies' Fir>e Tea Apron? — Lace and riboa on pocket, with knife Si «i;c*i >& «a?*^ :^
*/^ii > \^.^ llt ?aZ2^. cis Laaterri^-Hrach Cindy and Pc^ccrn Baskets— Hand-ca'mtrd Opal Handkerchief Boxes pleat ruSing oa botto-n and rnierrion of lace 75c
lf^A-1^ *J?rf*» 10c I2c t5c,2Ccand25c each. 5czndl0c 75c to $1 50 Ladies* Fine Tea Aprons; lace trimmed} 3 rows of ribbon trimnrng zbtm clsstcr of racks .. $L0O
-ft V ttb" Candle Holder— dczrn. Folding Japanese Unterta- Bautfol Terra Coca Fl^ra $1 to $25 Ladies* Emirciiered Aprons. .. $1.00 to $1.50 Chip's F^s Sii Cips .5Cc to $3^0
\ Hrj5 '" 5c to 60c the ~sx: tor Caristmas Tree Ca: Glass Bonbon Dishes $1.40 to $6 Ladies* S Ik Aprons. $1.00 t> $2.00 Child's FnV Silk Haa 51-50 to S16J5O
fj{ Candles— Any size, box.lOc Candes — dozen. . . .50c Co£ Glass Vasrs $1.75 to $28 Children's Fine Aprons. 50c to 51-40 Ch2<iren*s Coats — tga 4 to 14.
Abnost eddies, ranetr of caniv bcxes, b shap, of fruit, animal,, musical in^nts, Dj^^Bonhc- Boxes. SflJteSl Children's F^e Dres cs 7 5c to $5^0 ? $5.00 to $13.00
Sana C«s and fency fipan; «ach 5C to 50c Ra^^^-^^V^^i^y^jd , -, " - -- ---
n^iic TinH AVndnn^ h^^S 0^-^ '^r^ 1055 R^" an^ Elegant Cut Glass Ware.
<^l TV 1J0115 CliiQ. V T UHUUO» Hand-painted Handkerchief ir.i G.ove Case. — „. _ ** -*
fF2g&% u; .. .. V^'—i. «w~+ F«tily lace tr Jnmed— each.. $1.60 to $3.75 Thrr: b™*™* ££Gscsz nrnpis of gmuins «t zlatrxar- from which to nak= selectsocs for
These are the r*o topmost ™**M 8" <« T - hlriI - T E 31 Ostrich Feather Fans, shell ricks . Holiday Prrsrns, at crire; nny nj !rotn 51.90 to $ 5 o.co.
_0fVRx time left now to cr^ a doC, hit vre have prorided for row $2^0 to Stt'io Water Botdrt. ...53.50 Celery Tr« $3.25 Claret Deantrr. .. 55 50
ySb^Jpl dUenim! br Ia r ig in an ex« ,^, J£*J« " ' tone Sticks" .$1 to$4i50 O^ c D" ol » -$ «-9^ FnA : ERA: $7^0 Water Ktciers. . . .^7^0
iPJFfM ZW^*****"™^- Drr^ J ° vi^fM Sting Silrer Xovdnes - s^ch • as Brn^n Punch Bow>, 1 ; bch-s across top ani r inches d«p $26.50
W>iiV,iW F«« trom ri'"C^ •¦•,••-••; »CtO^.TO j Hoo'k!, Kail FJes, Shoe Horns, Cutick
Ererr bor wants one of these handy relocrfede Knires, Curling Irons, Glore Srrrtchers, Em- w * IX •KJ^ Tr> lt« M^^. T\«^
/^"5!lA wagon,; h= can s-t m it and work S on the 1 broidery S<«ori, pCail Saxon, Nail Bribes, .JS. y~ x riOVCllV HaiT MOW.
Mini Std b?a^ SS X^S^S Tooth E.she, Bonnet B^hes-^ P^-OL "^ "* -"-^^ «l
cWterjthereax ,8 inches,^ QA^^^^^^^ I V^^9 § "^ ribOQ 25C
fi^*— hgEtsreipn" I * >k/ * WV • Cat G!*s Pcff Bo«i $3 tj $5 wTL : £> •";:':''y^::v; ~
TX , * ~ v V^ A St=riingSilTTx.VfanicureS.-t..$L50to$22^0 %&&? tn_ AJ . "1^. x C ** • C A
Bcavtifvl Ornaments, Vases, Etc. SS^tiitei •;:: ;! 5 5ftf$78 P 1 * 0^ for a Gift
Terra Cotta Busts— 1 6 inches tall, a large assoranent of sebjeca, each $3.25 Pictures— in large asscrtmena . . . . .25c to $15 $&nSM Tf;fTe arc fcsa<jTClij *[ insxi pktares awakisg new owasn b ocr !«rje
Grzcn Bohemian Vasts — 12 inches tall, new art decorations, each 63c and 73c Orders for doze.i or two Photographs. CT Picture and Franse Department, second flocr.
Bisque Figures — The mest charming collection rhar oar European barer has erer made, per Cameras — all leadins makes 83c to SSD j*f\ Daintily Framed Pktares in platinum, carbon and eblored finishes, many pleasing
pair 50: and mvaxd Rockeri— ail ttyles." .$2 to $40 $'** subjects, ranging in price, each 50c to $5.00
Jardinieres — More than 100 different styles, all cf them pretty 50c to $12.00 Combinaton Card Case and Pocket Book .....
Umbrella Stands— Each $2.50 to $12.50 25 c to $12 XT~«^ltS,«.« i*% r»lliil A ;j r*~.~J~
'Handncarred Leather Belt 75c ta $2 50 NOVelllCS HI LellUlOIU UOOCIS.
Holiday Slippers. / &\^v. 7^- ••$-o 5l to°$ $ J **^*<^**~.<*^^^**'*<>* :.nco
udie,;^juuet^^ed t™ .ateeTJL trimmed-^d- au -^ H^ch^.^ : \ \ \ \ \ 2^ $2^o h g s^; '^^^^^^^X^^:::::::::::::3&
lp!_> G^Hai^keSfe^^^s^
T .o-.--:™- V V-- - n Vji"r r'ltT-^vft , For Boys and Girls: Autograph Albtrms— CeColcil top, with plash back and aCtedsTdlexrw.... 2*c
?V^! I^Boofa-piiioaJben 5c to 35c Phctfgriph A-hum^Dcccrated celhzlcid^frcnt, ho^s u'cab£= ............75c
J*? 1 .^". 7 "^ Jl SrVv^ipli , rtH *T^ S "V-— :•••-•• -f-fj nmt-ateiBooks-fcrbon 25c to $1 Collar «ad Cuff Box-Decorated ceGukid rop, well «n*de 5 3 €
Mi«ses and Children s Red Fe^ Juliets 75c and £ 5c chatterbox — iocxa 7'
Ladies' Crochet' SEppers — in tvl, black, bine or brown— all sir-*. . $1.00 -n,. v_.» r *** CO?y ¦»«""kaI " ¦rk «i /"»? r*7ITIllO#i UAnf^C
Men's S'ippers-IrrSdon Aliizatsr and Fancy Embroiderrd Slip^-all sbes. . 9^ 5^1^^ Z^l 7 «2 . jpCCIal 01 t^UUiea UOOOS.
Men's Extra Fine High Cut Front Hand-turned Sole SSppeii-redsced fioa $1.-5 to.' "$1.10 rf!^ t^T P ' ' t S^'ca ! «« - a On Mcndav we cfe a srra3 let (780 t!=s .ca>) cf
Mtn'sRomeos— tan "or Uack vici kid— with elastic sl J es $>. 7O t rw 7^ r'* :^ L " ¦ ¦> «? ? «A 'Hunt's Extra Fraia, put ttp in hea»r syrup, in' 3 -B>
Men's Extra Fine Vici Kid Sippers— trwn or black— with white kid Enrnr and patent trim- vw; TIT VK»L j ""- ii * <i <a tJa » RjSr*" 1^, Strawberries, Apricccs and tf| 1 AA - F^ _^
mng-hand-tcmed f oles.... ....$I. 9 S R==^ «^'''7 5=c dn, thislct Stinsfcr $1.UU fi^^^j^—^
~ZZ __ -. T;; ; ~ Children's Hoskrv— boxes' 'of 'o pairs— from . . . Victory Brand Fruits— Frnt qaaHrr goods ia 2 >£-& C=s, 5*IW^_ _*>=^
The Holiday Umbrellas :....*L5o«p. •A F «« l w«.p»-«dPi« ai 4B() c J^^I^^^m
1UV 11UUUUJ VlliUl W11UJ. Bab:«' L^ngSHkRotes tmj i JU^ fer^^l.. I
We hare gathersd a splcvid stxk cf Umbrellas to Fur Sets tor CciLren 75c to SIO So^ar Corn— Golfen Rnfe, 5 das fcr 40c sfc 5 *^- §8^,
raect the wants of fitt-pven. Evtnr umbrella w=s Bojs' Faicy Rreier Coits $2.45 to 510 .Haine Corn— The be t, rL-i fcr 50c h^^fe^ dy/flj^l ?5S '
n-.ade to the occer c: :h; b: ? j:;r?, and is guaranteed an B^s* Fancy Suits— all woo! 53-45 to SIO Sfin* Beans — Eitra <raalky, 5 =r.s fcr 55: CZzz5ZtjS¥£^±P' 7===S^
/£%§ exceptionally good ralne at ia pri e. Boys* Silk Pc3\ Neck Scarft. 25c Tcmaties— Solid pack, 3-i d=s,5 fer 25c \S\\jl\V'L\Rr^^'^^
¦.- 'e% G&r. -^^»tv J^i Lac"it«* UafcrJIa^ (rh: ;6-bch si«), ;Sver mounted— Boxing GloTes .'.$1 to $6 Good Brandy— Per bctt e. . . . . M 75c VSilL-Tla liewL.^
_ , *# JL^$^'Jy\ G*-^£J " ch 51.25 to SIO.CO Mechan:cji To>s 25; ta 515 Vhiskty— Kmmcky B£> Barren, bctis 75c "^^0^ j9S^S Sr^ s ZT
Men's Umbrellas— the 28-inch sue, sHver roounted Children's Krire, Fcri andSpoca..l5c to 5250 Pert or Sh<rr\— God quality, rxScn 75c - ' *^*'" ¦ ¦*T^ ; =^^
- mw <m, 1 J, wl «¦ * each $1.50 tj $12.53 Ch2drea*s Silrer-platel Macs. . . .. .25c tj $2 Bargundy— S years old, gailoa $L00 eS && a »z*&&%&^^
*AU ttmbrellas engraved free of charge. 3 Pcnnds Best Candr fcr $| Champion ViTitskev — Foil quarts, bottle $1.00 $r
Pocket Knirrs—aU kinds 25c to 55 Best Boiled Cider— Gallon $1.25 _ !—-•»-
HaUJi... r» M J: An Chndnrs's Work Boxes ani Baskets. 35c to $6 | • —
OOlT(13V i-SnOTC^ Scrap Albums-phln cr tincv 25c to $3 r*l *\ J C *~~
iiunuuj vunuit^. AutrgraphAibumt-iat«tde,gn,i5cto$i.5o Glove Orders for Gifts.
A box of choice Candies if alwars an acceptable present, and is 'especially aoprectafrd at t^r * Ia P c Lanterns—^with tcws 50c to $35 . ' . . . ' . _^ .
Cfaristraas-tra gathering. Candies' nude fresh daflr L our own factor^ on the nremi« Swbging Rocking Horse,. . ....$2.50 to $13 -^ G J )T « "? »« *f k J T 005^ J^* i 01110 "^ . ««^ ?*«»*""?« .D=* ••
r L,r .rr fK « r t n ' P" 11130 - Ordinan' Wood Rocking Horses .$1 to $7.50 Monarch, .TreSnae, Ch=mer, Reymrr, Premier, etc., raapag ia prxe per pxr fwn |l.3O »
Fmet French Mixel Cnies-per fi> 35c Caramels and Butarctips-per ft>. 2 5c Noah's'Arks, Farm Yak etc ' 5c to $7 50 H~& U ' ?" *»'«« know the si« your friend wears « the color that will be the most pkasiaj,
An^tTamiip^ft. 51 ; 00 .^ 25c £?£ftE£Z^V> ill £SSS*^ 1:8 gfc^"r».^^""-'^
_. . j- • • l r l- -t Boys . Dres Glorei — tan shace $1 ~
extS e c£^^^ c ato axu^ p^ ntwK^ agm bp> _ Oriental Holiday Goods.
~ f^ i^^M ra* BmBH fift^yMB aKffi) kI 1^ "^ s Chia-ne and Jipa.-ies: Bitair on tie main fiocr, back of tie
TThP f?!?/* P^^a^i Bg |yg S^S fe^ b|1 Si PffiffiE fcco'-c depar.mtn:, b cne o: the Hsliiiy ligha of Th: E^pcrbm. I: 3
JL 11C WCllW* 2j|j3 m|^S fe^^ pbJ™ "*¦* gta Jm k»SCm the hrztst a-i hini'ositst Earaar in San Fnscfsco. Ta: many cots]
The matt ch,rrr.L^ lunch pL.ce in the city, the mort conrenient WWi^^ 2SLT14& EwS *" d IIt^ ra «^5=<= 3 , "*
pice fbr shocprrs, the sice.: place fcr Iadks anaccempanied by ecors, P* rfa.^P^a^*.* < S>«-1^» — — ,* T H Br °r a ' IronW ? c r :u -' 1 -~. H.no^^c^, 4 oys S2k^Gowa^
the daintiest Srke, the &«(»«, the motfoodentt Ficesl tfOIdeil ICllle TO X gtl% ' T«ke3, Ptodsa^ Bo^rFcnase, Ch=« Jewelrr, Carrrf Goods,
i« o e am,a3narcn,d c iiTered-j« gallon .........$2.00 CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST-AMERICA'S GRANDEST JTTnpF -ri^S&i^SS: a^J^^g^^Jr 8 *
T H y. TWPfnti ii M".
THH Z3IPORITJ2H.
THP, E2EPOSXTJM.
THK EMPOBITJM.
Weak Men
Prtt Uborde's Wcalerfal French Prtpantica ;
"CALTHOS"
Restores Lost Manhood.
35 DAYS' TRIAL TREATMENT
Absolute!? FREE tr Sealed Mail.
No C. O. 0. Cf DEPOSIT SCHEME.
*- CALTHOS ¦ U rot before jxm co it» Taerita ¦
Try it *r i pet tt to th« te«t. Xry It Fr»«. ;
Tnrr* :» no •eccnry r«^cir»<i — i; C. O. D. echeme. j
• S«e4 cs ycer c«=^ «.r. I »dir»w, »=d we ¦nil tend
. ron «Ecc«h "CALTHOS" to UK fir* <i»r». ** J
will b« tra t In a »ealr4 p»ftajf by mall.
I- tfce ;-..«¦: cf jocr hcsie yc= caa irr it »nd ««• ;
»t«>. :t don. -j- .__^
All ccrrerpcsdesce rel*tir« to th« CAITHOS ;
£tx%zvsxtzz cf ercr tTir.se»» it itrirt'T ccciiestial.
The ciTTt&za Fr«=-h r«=edy -CALTHOS.-
r««=tlT irtro<i=^4 :a thu cccrtrr tT th« Ten JIcU ¦
Co., ci Cia;i=E»ti. Oiio. cce cf tb# larywt. riche«
*ad sic«t r««5CE«:bIe t-xs.r»e« fins* ia tbe United '¦
5t«tw, hu a:tr»«e<i the »rt«:t:cn cX tfce ectir* ,
Efi:t*l rrcf««fica t*c»s»» cf the wonderful cere* ¦
it h&i «ifect«d. Uym f-ftr frcs Lcrt SUchoc*!. '
V»ncoc«>. «e»i=-»t ct arr E*t=r» la tte ?«xcal ,
CTsas* cr y»rre«. u =.»rter fccw . •.-.»» i . cr if th« ;
part* are •:-•!-»¦*: ~r-i cr t»Te «iirci:tea cr wasted
«w»t -CALTII6*" ir-ru restore yco.
"CALTHOS" i$ a Fr«ea t'.Kortrr tT Prcf. ;
Is!e« L*bcrde. fi=.ed !a Par.t u Fr»ac»"i fcresic«t |
"^CALTnOS - :« tie czHt re=j«dr receffaixet! tr !
tte d^i: c« '. ti !f*i cc a» a t pec: £ ; care for weak =#a
"CALTBO!! ** ta» tie esdonesietit of tie Ger- i
cia tri Fr»=ci g ;Tfrr=erT!. lsd u Urgtlj ««1 ia
tte ftfcsdiz* ircne* cf thc« cocstrtet.
Adirwt aKuic*tics« fcr trUl tre*rsert to
The VON MOHL CO., 629 B,
t "7£££Z?z'uZT.t:'* CIWC1KWATI.OHIO.
5- 1 1 P.ttl^T Tri£|DjSTlLL£RY-
aS. ARMY $ NAVY SERVICE'.
,\YILUAJ4,VVOLFF CO.
* Sam rt»«»cjsco. ; e»*r»tauTORS^
Moet &
ClTaiidoii
tie TVertd.
TSTnt* Seal (Grzsde Ccvee"). of ex-
ceptional bo^q^e: and dry dryness.
— Ccurs Journal.
WILLIAM WOLFF & CO.,
T*? m ,r Ccmmz A grata. S» Xarkst «.. «.». '
I'm * Z^^mmmmmmmmmmmbBL hSHEjA^vSeS^^^^^^S^^S^^*
JoTyavc /
Thirtv-six Pianos sold in one week — and a rainy
Twenty-three of them were the $155 kind. Four
people paid cash, the rest will pay a little even* month.
\
One man bought two — another man ordered his
sent to Shasta County.
Five are to be delivered Xmas eve — Santa Glaus
will bring them. Several mail orders were received and
information sent.
•
By the way, if you need your money for other Xmas
gifts, come here and tell us about it and we'll arrange a J
way for you to get b piano during the sale and still have
monev for other purchases.
'¦¦ -¦¦¦ ¦ ¦¦ ¦• ¦ ¦ «? "¦'¦
Many folks can't come during the daytime, so, until
the sale is over, we'll be open evenings.
Think of buying a Chickering or a Vose or a Ster-
ling at almost half its worth!
One piano (the leader in the sale) sells at '] t*-jii
$155.00.
B enj.Curtax ® Son
I l6to2O OTarrell./Y.e/^F J
TH^r ZSSZPOBXTJICwise finds expression, the voice of the
sub-consciousness and super-conscious
ness: in short, ia a commonplace of the
Wagnerian philosophy, and in his wholly
adequate recognition of this lies the chief
strength of the German master.
Wagner holds that by no other method
than the "unending melody*' so tailed,
can a complete musical picture be pre
sented.
To the voice in the music-drama is only
allotted that which naturally finds speech
In any cireumsuance; to the orchestra Is
assigned the taj-k— Inherently "unending
—of foreshadowing, defining and strength
ening the emotional color, the psyofclral
suggestion of the surroundings and. as far
as is acoustically possible or desirable, the
physical atmosphere. This. then, beins
the orchestral place, somewhat like that
of the old Greek chorus, no logical con
clusion of its melody can come before the
act's end, for to these things is no end.
but only continual change. They ar*» the
background of the picture, and upon them
the singer paints the high lights of his
emotion. His melody also consistently
and logically lacks the formal cadence ex
cept where such is demanded by the musi
cal and dramatic exigencies. It ofclv gain*
thereby in true definiteness. but the ear.
sophisticated riy the arbitrary rtse and
fall of older melody forms, still demands
its little cadence in spite of every viola
tion of dramatic sense. The raison
d'etre of the older melody form is not sel
dom found in the famed high C of one
singer, the gymnastic ability of another,
the claim of another to the musical cen
ter of the stage for a specified length of
time, and ln such like vital artistic rea
sons. An opera was composed after an
arbitrary recipe of so many solos of just
such kind, so many concerted numbers,
so much choral work and so much or
chestral accompaniment occurring ln just
such place, an.l the drama In the mean
time lest in the crowd.
From Gluck down, the operatic reform
er's effort has been directed against these
things, and it is claimed that Wagners
"unending melody." in which song is com
rade to sense, h&a obviated this chief op
eratic absurdity. It is further claimed
that the so-called "unending melody"
punctuates itself in accordance with all
essential laws of vocal expression, and
that it is the only logical form in which
music can be wedded to drama. It is
granted that in a combination of the arts
each nvist sacrifice something of its su
premacy, but the sum total of the com
promise is so infinitely more worth hav
ing 'than the single gift of each, that,
even with its deficiencies, the music
drama as evolved by Wagner is the most
satisfying art form that we are yet ac
quaint with, and its noble ideal a glimpse
of the highest that has been permitted to
man.
THE SAN FRA^GISCO CALL; SUNDAY, DECEMBER 16, 1900. :«
The business motto of the coming week will be: Shop early and avoid the rush.
Henry Miller Says "It Is the Only
Way."
The traveling public cays * 'the only way" it
the "Overland Limited." leaving San Pranclsco
fiaily at 10 a. m. via Central Pacific, Union Pa
cific and Chicago and Northwestern railways
and running through to Chicago without change
in less than three days. Only four days to New
York or Boston. .
CHANCE TO SMILE
Fair Helen— I hear you have a secret.
Fair Grace — Well. I did have- one. but It
wouldn't keep.— Syracuse Herall.
Uncle Jorh— I *een one of S!>akesr>eare's
Vlays.
I'ncle Silas— An* cidn't ye iike It?
Uncle Jo*r« — Oh! it v/a n't so bad. I
f'pepe u'd fecm all rig*it to anybody that
mver seen a fi'st class variety show.—
Puck.
Little Will'*— Say. pa, what ws» the
Apnlar. Way?
Father— why, it wps— <?r— just » way
the Appians had*, I suppose.— Chicago
News.
"Hove d!d Jie acquire the reputation of
being Fueh a brilliant man?"' Inquired on«
voter.
"By means of his convincing manner,"
ar.twereHJ the other. "He got people to
believing that he thoroughly understood
Through the Great Northwest.
I^et us Fell you a ticket diet via Portland,
Tfcoma ami Seattle. Dining earn, tourist
tleepen and observation cars on the fastest
and nnest trains in the West. Through tourist
deeping car San Francisco, to St. Paul every
Wednesday evening. , This ear !» elegantly up
holstered tn dark-green library leather, has II
s^ctione, double windows, steel platform?, ven
tilation perfect, all appointments equal to a
firct-cUBB hotel. T.-K. Btateler. Gen.. A*t. .
Northern Pacific Ry., 618 Market et., San Fran
cisco. •
Berkeley's dreamof architectural glory in her university is at last to be realized. This is
one of the triumphs \yhiclv becomes the pride/ of no locality but of the State at large.
: The miner who' has obtained^, judgment of $6000 against a_ transportation companyfor
neglecting to land him at Dawson must feeMike the fellow who was paid to be lucky.-
A strong effort is to be made at this session of Congress to procure the enactment of leg
islation forbidding the careless use of the national flag. "Laws to that effect have been enacted by
several of the States, but none by the nation, and it is certainly' time to remedy the defect. The
symbol of the nation's glory should never be used for ignoble purposes; and as President McKin
ley has said, "Those \yho seek to divert the flag from its sacred uses should be restrained by public
Bear in mind that of all kinds of holiday novelties none -will' be/ more novel in the East,
nor more welcome, than those of California production. • Help your State and please your friends
by patronizing home industries.
At a recent banquet of the-St. Nicholas Society in New York Mark Twain said: "Gen~
tlemen, you have the best municipal government in the world and the purest and most fragrant.
The very angels envy you and wish they could establish a government like it in heaven. You
got it by a noble fidelity to civic duty." Of course the banqueters laughed, for everything Mark
says goes as a joke, but on reading the thing over next morning they were inclined to think him
sarcastic, and now they wish to know what he meant by making such a speech on an occasion
designed strictly for the joy of self-laudation. ; .
In discussing ways and means to bring about a reform in New York society, Bishop Pot
ter says: . "What would be the effect if a company of men and women of recognized leadership
should bind themselves together to illustrate in their hafbit of life simplicity of attire, inexpensive
ness in their dwellings; and should further bind themselves to discourage the habit of excessive
accumulation." The answer to the question is easy. Those leaders would be lost from the swim
after the first season and nobody would pay enough, attention to them to notice whatthey were
teaching. As a matter of fact, the-Bishop can find plenty of such people in every city and town
Colonel J. R. Berry of Los Angeles is at
the Lick.
Dr. D. Smith of Livermore is at the
O.iilomia.
Charles Casedy. banker of Yreka, Is at
tho Grand.
H H. Blood, a l?ak«»rf«n>ld oil man. Is
at the Grand.
T. J. Wil?r>n, a bos Angeles Insurance
man, is at the Grand.-
Dr. B. R. Ward of the United States
navy is at the Occidental.
J. H. D?vcreux. a protnim nt Colorado
mining mm. Is at -.he Palace.
Isidore B. Dockwieler. a I>o* Angeles
sturney. Ik registered at the Grand.
State Bank Commisfiuner John ilarkley
of Geyserville Is registered at the Lick.
C. J- Stewart, a Washington fruit com
mission merchant, is registered at the
Hues.
A. P. Stewart of the Chicago and Alton
Railway Is among the late arrivals at the
Occidental.
S. H. Babcock, traffic manager of the
Klc Grande at Salt Lake; George "\V.
Heinti, general passenger ajrent of the
Kio Grande at Salt Lake; F W. Thomp
son, general agent of the passenger de
partment, and J. M. Crowiey. general
fcg-ent of the freight department of the
fame road in this city, left last night In
a trerial car for Los Angeles, where they
¦wili spend a week.
PERSONAL MENTION.
his own arguments and they regarded
him as a genius." — Washington Star.
"That was 9 daring action of young
Swaddlekins in putting bent pins ln the
chairs of the members of the faculty Uh«
other morning. They expelled him from
the- institution, dldn t they?"
"Immediately — by a. rising vote." — Chi
cago Tribune.
SOME time ago Mr. Alexander, a Hawaiian sugar planter, visited Porto Rico to investigate
the possibility of transferring laborers from that island to the sugar plantations of Maui.
He was reported as finding the project feasible.
As.a~resu.lt a number of Porto Ricans were willing to try the experiment and started to
their new employment. A morning journal met them this side the California line and by repre
senting that they were going into association and perhapstintb slavery with the Chinese induced
a large number of them to desert in this city. Thereupon it uses them as an advertising facility
and appeals for charity for them, intending to be the almoner of what others donate.
The Call knows nothing further about these people or the employment they were.. to en
ter than the public knows. They were being well cared for en route, and there is no reason for
doubting that they would have been well treated on their arrival in Hawaii. The people of this
city owe it to the false representations of the Examiner. that a large number of them are left here,
to burden us by a demand for charity or congest our labor market by a demand for work-
It was a splendid opportunity for yellow journalism, and was duly improved.
THE PORTO RICANS.
AMONG the benefits for which San Francisco is indebted to the Merchants' Association may
be included the debate at the recent annual banquet on "Municipal Ownership and Opera
tion of Public Utilities." The discussion of the evening furnishes the people of the city
with most valuable instruction concerning an issue which is now one of practical politics, and it
is therefore gratifying thar the association has published in the current number of the Review
all the speeches in full, so that they are now available for reading and study by all who take an
earnest interest in the question.
It is to be noted that the subject is presented not only from both sides, for and against mu
nicipal ownership, but also from the different standpoints of practice and of theory. Thus in a
comparatively brief space the reader will have the benefit of something like a comprehensive pre
sentation of the whole subject.
The editor of the Review 1 directs attention to the fact that all the speakers of the evening,
despite their differences upon the main question, agreed that a good and honest civil service sys
tem "is absolutely essential to successful public ownership; that municipal. operation of any pub
lic utility without the merit system is doomed to inevitable failure; that it is the essence of folly
to imagine that water works or lighting plants can be honestly and economically conducted by
a municipality dpminated by the spoils system of party politics."
The recent scandals disclosing the lax if nol corrupt methods by which the civil service is
conducted in this city under the present administration .renders this point of agreement among
the speakers at the symposium a matter of no little significance. With all questions involved in
the general one of municipal ownership and operation of public utilities the voters' of San Fran-
Wsco will soorter or later have to deal; and it will therefore be well for them to give heed to this
one truth which the debate at the banquet appears to have established beyond controversy.
THE MERCHANTS' SYMPOSIUM.
- •'_ - ..... • . v ' .-* ..-¦ ., . ; ¦:¦ :
— T"HE late Senator Davis left on record the statement that his amendment to the Hay-Paunce-
I fote treaty, which the Senate has adopted, was copied after the English sectiorfof the treaty
of Constantinople, under which the Suez canal was built. .. .
That canal was a shorter route between Great Britain and her Indian possessions, and she
put in the treaty the. provision which her interests required. It may well be argued that she is
estopped from objecting to the appearance of a like principle in the treaty affecting our isthmian
canal. There may be reasons on our side, however, which -go against importing the principles of
a European treaty into our policy. It may prove to have been better had we insisted upon the ab
solute neutrality of the canal. The Suez canal is in territory alien to; England as the Nicaragua
canal is in territory alien to us. By transferring to it the principle of the treaty of Constantino
ple we admit the right of a nation to apply that principle to any canal in alien territory where
the circumstances of national interest are the same. France evidently sees this, and sees in it re
vival of interest in the Panama canal. That route is a shorter way between France and her pos
sessions in the Pacific Ocean. With our canal fortified and garrisoned, she Will have no rights to .
its use in a time of stress and strife unless we choose to concede them. Therefore, she has a rea^
son for using her concession on the Panama route and applying to her canal the principles of .
the treaty of Constantinople. - -.
As Germany, Russia and Portugal all have Pacific possessions, affected by the" same neces
sity for a short water route, France might easily .lead a European, concert in constructing, the
Panama canal under the principles of the treaty of Constantinople. Then the situation would be
reversed. As England is now regarded as estopped from objecting to a provision which she
originated, we would be equally estopped from objecting to its extension to the Panama canal.
The Monroe doctrine would hardly be involved and the outcome might be the digging and opera
tion of two canals instead of one, and what selfish advantage we would -gain by failure to neutral
ize our canal would be lost by the building of a rival waterway. .
FRANCE AND THE TREATY.
ii EDMOND ROSTAND has here
|V| tofore been unfortunate in hi*
II translator*. Mr. Charles R*-n-
I 1 auld'e rendering: of La Princess
I • • Lointaine give? the thought
fairly well, but Is far from poetical in
expression, with various stage version*
of Cyrano de Bergerac are written In a
language that can be called English only
by courtesy. Only for hi* most recently
published but earliest written play. "The
Fant:u=ticks" mus«".l. New York), has M.
Roptand found an adequate translator in
the person of Mr. George Fleming He
ha? not stooped to the cheap trick of put
ting the French Alexandrine into English
prose, chopping this prose into ten-sylla
ble length? and calling them blank verso:
he has courageously-cnd siiecessfully
attfmptcd to render ihil Alexandrine by
the only English measure, the rimed pen
,aia»tpr. which can even partially repro
duce the effect of the original. If M.
Rostand Is a lyric noet-and of this there,
can now be little doubt-Mr. Fleming: K
a lyric poet. too.
The scene of "The Fantasticks. the
author tell? us, may be laid where one
pleases, provided the costume* are pretty
enough. The time? That. too. scarcely
n**6s to be stated with archaeological
accuracy; the eeaeon when a bright
er Mb gleams upon the burnished
dove seems most appropriate to
the action and the* characters.
• • • Sylvette and Percinet (these
are woodland violets in the very names!)
are desperately, romantically, fantasti
cally 1n love. But Percinet. ala*? has a
father <Berp?min> and Sylveite also is
hampered by a similar consideration
cPasquiril; hampered, because Bergamin j
and Pasquin $»re sworn enemies. By
stealth only may the lovers meet beside
an old mossy wall that divides their
fathers' estates. Seated on the top of this
wall Perclr.et reads "Romeo and Julkt"
to Pylvette: they Ion? for some romantic
adventure full of danger to SyJvette. from
which she shall be remued by the gallant
t-word of Percinet. Could this but hap
pen, could thus their fathers hate be
turred to friendship, the cup of the fan- |
tRPtic lovers' bUsa would he full to over
flowing: Strange to say, the very adven
ture they dream of does happen— but to
rrder.
The animosity of B»rgamln and Pasquin
is hut feigned: they t.re In reality the
drarest of friends, who desire to unite their
families ajid estates by the marriage of
their children, but who know that these
children wouM see nothing tempting in a
lo\e affair the course of which ran ever
smooth. The old men'i plan works admir
ably; parental opposition but adds fuel
to the flame of filial love; can only the a<l
vr-nture be supplied, all will be well. Ah.
jtat in the nick of time, there come? i
¦lowly down the stage the very Adven- j
•ure' sought for. personified in one Stra
forel. a professional (but kind-hearted)
Bravo. Straforel will furnish any kind of
danger for a price proportionate to the
amount of plcturesqueness required: rec
ommends an abduction.
• • • • by moonlight or without a moon.
Moonlight i* <3e«r an-i always in demand.
But dwells particu'ariy upon an abduc
tion.
• • • • by blue lightning planned.
With ch*!>rir*, Finsri* romha!*. clash of arm*.
Grrat flsrPSn* hst*. oark clr»ak* and war'*
alarms.
BTflAFOBIEU
• • • • with trtmminr*? As you like
nEUGAMIX.
Imagination if the thing to rtrik*.
Closk*— «fi&n chair— music— a torch— «. mask.
fTUAFOUEL,.
fTaking notes In a book.)
1 »#*. I see. Ill make it now my <a*k
To rro'JD thp articles. At extra*. With first
cl»s*.
Agreed. FtraforH depa*t« to summon his
men. while Porcinet takes the stage, re
citing (cr perhaps singing) to Sylvette. a.p
proachmg one of tho^- exquisite little
songs ¦which rem'nd you of nothing poorer
than the lyrics in Tennyson's "Princess."
PERCINKT. *
Y*f. fwect right ha» come; and now
Above the hMvcn'f darkened brow
I Fe* th? siarF in f>hlnin»t row "
Lrtght one by one.
Thf rnnd? awake and. croaking, hail the dark;
The *t*r* redouble. Fpark by fiery Kpark:
Th» m^n— a f»winglng. grrowing. crescent bark.
1* j>ale and wan.
Plamoids and sapphire*— jewels of the *kle»t
- 1 »tf y-AiT lover once; and otherwise
J 5tn« your prais«n. ere I Raw Her rise.
Veiled all in white.
But 1 have fairer matter for my lays
Fine* tl.at my Silvia, with her childish way*
jkn.i mix hair. c!ii>ped, child fashion, round her
far-e.
Brought the New Light.
Familiar *tarF*. my stars In heaven shining,
W'hcse numbers far exceed my poor divining,
Your beauty will indeed be reft and pining
When, thro' the twilight's bars,
£h* shall apj.ear above the garden's vapors.
— Seeing her '•yes. your Ineffective tapers
Shall raie *nd -ceaBe their self-condemned
labor* —
Poor, jealous stars'.
Knter Elraforel and his men. They seize
Svlvette and place her in a sedan chair.
Furious combat between Percinet and
Etraforel, who falls (apparently) desper
ately wounded. Rescue of Syivette by
Percinet, hurried entrance of alarmed
fathers, explanations, reconciliations and
tableau, with Straforel recovered .suf
ficiently to present hJs bill to Bergamin.
The second act reveals the wall re
moved, symbolizing the unification of the
two families. Rut It is only when divided
by this wall that the two old men can
stand securely: united they fall— out.
Having the unstinted privilege of each
other's society, of this society they soon
grow tired; having no difficulties, either
real or imaginary, to overcome, they use
up their *up<?rfluou!« energy in studying
each other's faults". This leads to a furious
quarrel. When in this mood they over
hear a conversation of high-wrought sen
timentality between the lovers. Percinet
vaunts hiF prowess in the duel and joins
ln mutual congratulations with Syivette
upon their taking rank with the immortal
band of lovers— Romeo and Juliet. Thlebe
and Pyramus. Armnita and her shepherd,
Petrarch and Lama. Not content -with
this, the young people poke fun at their
uns?atinuntal parents: Syivette, adoring,
declares that her Percinet's father is like
a tame duck who has hatched an eagle's
egg. At this Bergamin is eo enraged that
he blurts out'the secret of the Ordered
Adventure. Syivette doubts; Bergamin
rroduces Straf Orel's bill. Percinet, too. Is
told the tiuth.
SYLVETTE.
(With concentrated rare).
•. • • • Oh. it wai all disaster!
Our poetry wa» sham: and, as soap bubbles rise.
And shine, and glow, and burst before poor
children's eyes.
So are we left abashed and clutching soapy
air.
PERCINET.
6 preat dead Loves— great loves— whoee fame
we nought to share!
Tou, whom I copied; She whose trailing dress
Wu Sylvia's mantle once. O noble Loveliness!
Pale, ereat Immortals'. We are less than
rauitht.
You fave your royal loves, but- ours
STL.VETTE.
(Interrupting.)
. Was taxed and bright!
Straforel chores this happy moment
again to present his bill. Percinet, en
raged, attacks him. but is easily beaten
off. The unlucky sentimentalist then
lushes off. declaring that he leaves home
"to drink and dice and brawl until the
whole^world stare." Straforel again pre
sents his bill to Bergamin. again has it re
jected and decides that the only way he
can get It paid is by trying to bring about
the reconciliation of the lovers. With this
faint gleam of hope for poor Syivette the
second act closes.
The third act contains but one scene of
| importance, but that is the best in the
play. It might be entitled "A Oure For
Fantasticism." Straforel. disguised as a
marquis, makes violent love to Syivette.
STRAFOREL.
Pay, sweetheart, shall we fly where wind* and
ptorms are free?
| When on our naked h-ads the wild rains beat-
SL.LYETTE (Alarmed).
O, sir!
STRAFOREL.
The paths of sin are red from .bleeedlng feet.
STLVETTE (Piteously).
But, sir!
STAFOREL.
In unknown lands, far from all human ken,:
! We'll live hi love content, dressed like two
beKsar*men.
&TLVETTE (Startled).
But why?
STAFOREL (Proudly).
I have no gold. (Scornfully) Tou would not
have me rich!
STLVETTE (Doubtfully).
I
STAFOREL (Patronizingly).
"Love me for myself." I know. Don't blueh,
eweet witch!
j (Declaiming) Once there, we'll live on cruets—
: crusts soaked in lovers' tears. ,
STLVETTE (Horrified).
i My lord—!
i STAFOREL.
! We'll live alone and all forgot for years,
STLVETTE (Protesting).
But I—
STAFOREL.
Not In a hmjee. No; we shall find content
In simpler things than that. I'll love you in a
tent.
STLVETTE.
STAFOREL.
• Ropes, canvas, tent poles, six or seven,
I (Declaiming)
j The only bars between ue and high heaven:
j STLVETTE (Aghast),
j What have I done?
Scarce needs to say the cure is effective.
Percinet returns, sadder, poorer and wiser,
and Syivette Is glad to see him. .
This very Imperfect sketch cannot pre
tend to give the atmosphere of "The Fan
tasticks." Those who delight ln delicate
psychology and in charming poetry should
read the play for themselves. These quali
ties* more than atone for the conditions of
dramatic construction due to the author's
youth and Inexperience.
KIPLING has somewhere said that
the only art still unexplolted by
the sixpenny manual Is the art
military, that for a silver sixpence
everything else from "How to
Be Happy Though Married 1 to
"How to>Live on Three Cents a Day.
may be learned or unlearned, from A to
Z! He might have added that the afore
said omission was possibly Ies3 a compli
ment to the complexity of the art than a
thrifty recognition of the universal civil-
Ian conviction that, if there Is yne thine
easier than anotner. It is to fight battles.
There are other arts, too. Though music
cannot boast of a distinguished omission
from Kipling's "six-pennorths" of wis
dom, the ordinary layman regards the art
from exactly the same patronizing stand
point as that from which the civilian
critic regards affairs military. That
Is, not even the profoundest igno
rance of its ' elements, not even
the physical incompetency for . its
appreciation, not even the utmost lack
of sympathy with its ideals and purposes,
will deter him, if he so choose, from de
livering an opinion on the subject, which
he expects shall be taken seriously by a
waiting world. Nay further. Music «s
the only art of which entire ignorance is
often professed with a certain pride, and
may be thus professed without shame in
our curious civilization. It is the only
physical incapacity, to say naught of an
intellectual and emotional lack, upon
which civilized man ia ever known to
pride himself, from him who proudly ac
knowledges that he cannot "tell one tune
from another." to him who more reason
ably but as little reverently cries hi.*
blindness to the new day's harvest of tone
color, the later revelations of the inner
spirit of harmony.-
It is unusual, for example, complacently
to challenge attention to one's own astig
matic eyesight, to point with pride to a
nose impervious to the violet's, perfumed
charm, to advertise a cheek Insensate to
the touch of tiny fingers or even to own
a lack of capacity for the appreciation pi
an olive; but as to tone deafness, that is
another story. Even of the chief execu
tive of the nation it has been Joyfully
told that his musical boast was a knowl
edge of two tunes only; "one was 'Yan
kee Doodle* and the other wasn't." An
old joke, true and threadbare, but with
a point vastly different from its accepted
significance.
Kings and rulers of the Old World, rep
resentatives of that bete noire of Ameri
can democracy, the "effete monarchy,
in spite of admittedly neroic sins of all
sorts, nevertheless have been and still
are patrons of the thing beautiful as it
is known to us. It has always been the
fashion among them to affect interest in
the arts, even If such Interest has been
backed by no real love or knowledge,
purely from a valuable conviction of the
importance of these things to the higher
well "being of their people, and a perhaps
only hair-conscious recognition that only
through such means could themselves,
their reigns, their countries gain any
lasting historical significance. Even Nero
fiddled, it will be remembered— and re
membered, 1 warrant, more widely than
any other known fact of his tyrant reign.
It Is true the ages have also registered
the periodic grunt of tone-deaf philoso
phers, whose pathetic deprivation has
called forth such fleeting description as
"music, the most expensive of noises,"
and the like. But it has been reserved
for to-day to produce such lasting monu
ment to an author's^ musical incapacity
as is ventured unashamed in "Degenera
tion," and. for the matter of that, in
"What Is Art?" also.
With Tolstoi there Is no immediate con
cern, but the Wagnerlan gospel, accord
ing to Nordau. has appeared In these col
umns within the week and under no less
distinguished patronage than that of my
esteemeu friend and collaborateur, Pro
fessor Syle. Professor Syle's personal at
titude In the matter is eminently modest.
Pretending no familiarity with the art
musical, he has contented himself where
opportunity for composite criticism oc
curred, with dealing only with the dra
matic verities.
In the particular Instance of the music
drama, however, he has permitted him
self a mistaken belief in the better judg
ment of the German savant, and has thus
afforded Nordau yet another opportunity
for the promulgation of his musical
heresies. Not that It matters much here,
as any Wagnerite may comfortably say
after the reception accorded to the
"Ring" during the late' Grau season, but
heresies they are. and as such irritating
in their prominence.
• ' * •
Nordau is a plausible wretch. He cries
no complimentary charge of unorthodoxy
against Wagner, fully aware that the
heterodoxy of to-day is to-morrow's
orthodoxy and the later day's tradition.
He prefers, instead, the subtler charge of
atavism, Wagner posing throughout his
argument as the model for the musical
degenerate. "No music of the future Is
this," .he says, but a return to. outworn
forms, a retrogression, a mere retravel
ing of an ancient path, with v the typical
atavistic delusion of its novelty.
His chief definite accusations against
the master are: His alleged "confusion
of the means of expression"; his "Ignor
ance of what is possible to each art ; his
"indeflnlteness of thought and feeling,"
as typified in the "unending melody " and
a barren mysticism, as exemplified In the
"leit-motif."
As to the first, Waener's credo, as I
take it, is briefly this: Each art has its
possibilities, its limitations: no art is
therefore perfect In Itself: but It Is possi
ble to combine all the meanc of art ex
pression into one perfect whole. Written
Poetry, appealing only to the eye,' is rela
tively barren. Add Tone— musical speech—
and there Is one joy gained. Again add
the Dance, by which Wagner understands .
graceful action, the "poetry of ,motlon,"
and your perfect art Is one step nearer
Its goaC Lastly, to Poetry. Music. Ac
tion add the scenic art, and In Painting
you have the final appeal to the spirit
and sense. The crucial difficulty Is now,
of course, the maintenance of the balance
between the several arts, and further the
right apportionment to each of its own
peculiar function. Right here It is that
Nordau 'claims the essential failure of
Wagner's art. his "confusion of all the
means of expression." Right here also I
claim the essential Impertinence of the
unmusical philosopher in attempting to
define the possibilities and limitations of
an art of which his every written line
shows him lamentably ignorant. With
him who regretted his inability to furnish
brains for the understanding of his phi
losophy Wagner might well lament the
Impossibility of furnishing ears for the
hearing of h!s work!
Nordau alleges Wagner's use of music
to express that which has been and. may
be better expressed by poetry. What may
or may not be expressed by music is still
largely an unknown quantity. Queer tales
are to'ld of Its power of suggestion and a
definite suggestion at that. A deaf-mute
suddenly restored to hearing describes the
blare of trvmpets. as "scarlet." Musi
cians frequently claim- that each note
suggests to them a definite color anrt in
stances of like kind can be Indelinltely
multiplied. But Wagner claims no such
power for his medium. - . «
As to definite concrete form, none krew
better than Wagner the ineptitude of mu
sic to express that, and at no time- has he
ever claimed the possibility. , Music can
not say "This is a sword, says Nordau.
No one said It could, but music, even to
the least sensitive far In a regiment, can
say "Fight!'! ThB "leit-motif cannot
label, like the word, the hero's • sword.
No, but It can suggest and intensify the
martial mood, which is all that Its gifted
author has ever claimed for it. ... •
That a key to the otherwise "undeci
pherable hieroglyphics of the Leit-Motif
scheme" is essential ."to .the enjoyment of
the Wagnerlan opera is another delusion
and a snare, a fallacy perpetuated by the
victims of the handbook habit for the
benefit of that innumerable crowd of little
men who shriek -themselves -Into prom
inence over a great man's shoulder. , No
further than the usual modest acquaint
ance with the libretto ia required -for the
music-drama's understanding. The leit
motif Is always there, faithful handmaid
en of the dominant suggestion or charac
teristic of the moment, and serving fur
ther the purpose oi that essential feature
of repetition, without which music la an
Inartistic chaos; but a knowledge of its
name; Is no more necessary than the
knowledge of the name of a picture should
be necessary to its enjoyment. If the leit
motif fail to tell its own emotional storv
to suggest Its own Intended atmosphere*
then, and then. only, has it failed of its
purpose-and these who have ears to hear
deny such failure. ¦
As to w the "unending melody." That
music begins where, speech. ends, it Is
an outlet for that undercurrent— and over
current—of emotion which- never other-
SUNDAY .7...... ..-..V... ...... ....................... .'. .:.\ ................DECEMBER 16. iqoo
JOHN D. - SP RECKELS, Proprietor.
Address AH Communications to W. S.LEAKE,, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE ..Market and Third, Sun Francisco
A DISSERTATION ON
Nordau's Musical Heresies.
BY BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
BY L. DU PONT SYLE.
A CONSIDERATION OF
Rostand's "The Fantastic."
*
30
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MUSCLE AND NOT FAT.
the Corners.
What thin folks need Is flesh or muscle,
not fat.
What Thin People Need to Bound Off
To be symmetrical and properly propor-
tioned every person should have a certain
amount of excess fiesh, but to be plump
does not necessarily mean to be fat.
Fat is undesirable; it clogs and retards
the action of the muscles. Interferes with
the healthy action of the heart and lungs
and when very excessive, predisposes too
latty degeneration of vital organs, to say
nothing of the discomfort resulting from
top much adipose tissue.
Common sense would suggest that If one
wishes to become) fleshy and plump the
thing most needed would be flesh forming
food— that is, albuminous foods like eggs,
beef, oatmeal, etc.
The kinds of food which make flesh are
the foods we have on our table* ;evtry
day; but the trouble is that our stomachs
from weakness or derangement of some
kind do not promptly and properly digest
Really, the principal reason so many peo-
ple remain thin is because their stomachs
do not properly and completely digest and
assimilate the flesh forming beefsteak and
eggs we eat every day.
There are thousands of such people, and
they are really dyspeptics, although they
may net suffer any particular pain or in-
convenience from their stomachs.
If such persons and all thin people
t would lake after t^eir meals some simple
and natural digestive, like Stuart's Dys-
pepsia Tablets, the food would be quickly
Cipested and the proper degree of piump-
i>ess vtry socn result because these tab-
lots are prepared exactly for that purpose
They digest every variety of flesh forming
food, which Is the real reason why they
so quickly build up and strengthen thin
dyspeptic men and women.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets cure every
form of Indigestion on this common-sense
plan, that they thoroughly digest the food
promptly, giving strength to every nerve
and organ ln the body, and the weakened
stomach a chance to rest and recover its
natural vigor. Nothing further is required
to cure any stomach trouble, except can-
cer of the stomach. They make thin, dvs-
peptic people strong, plump and well "
This excellent preparation ir. sold at 50c
for full-sised treatment by all druggists
in United States. Canada • and Great
Britain. b .«-«'; t
Gtilllet's ice cream, mocha, camellft, pl«tache,
chocolate cakes. 90S Larkln, phone Bast 1*8. • j
Beauty unadorned may be all right In
some case*, but a little dressing always
Improves the turkey.
Special information supplied daily to
business housed and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery st. Telephone Main 1042. •
Townsend's California glace fruits, 60c a
pound, ln fire-etched boxes cr Jap. bas-
kets. A nice present for Eastern friends.
639 Market street. Palace Hotel building.*
Best eyeglasses, specs, 20c to 50c. Look
out for SI 4th, front barber and grocery. •
Time to express Townsend's California
place fru!ts to your Eastern friends. •
Townsend's famous broken and plain
mixed candy, 2 lbs. 25c. 639 Market street. •
Thousands of pounds of California glace
fruits all ready for shipping. Townsend's.*
Ex. strong hoarhound candy. Townsend'e*
Choice candies, Townsend's.Palace Hotel.*
j B. KATSCHINSKI, I
1 PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO. I
110 Third St., San Francisco. t
Cheaper Than Ever, j
| CROCHET SLIPPERS I
II or 1^^^ D KNI i"T ED CROCHET S
Fl ? L i PPERS - with fleece lined sole" 9
H H, dl l 9 8lIes - * t0 '• ¦ in . Black or §
B Red >«Oi» n
I 5£!?, S ! R ' 8llM - n t0 2 - ln I*ed!! '.'.'.'.'.'. 7Oe fl
53 Chllda' slzea. 8 to 10. In Red .'WO,. ¦
¦ Infant* sties. 3 to T. In Red {jo*. Jj
I '-MEN'S EMBROIDERED EVERETT R
OR OPERA SLIPPERS, with patent If
leather trimming, reduced to 75c. J?
I Black Satin Quilted. I
MT^tr^' «nd CHILDREN'S BULCTC II
quiEtId sXtin. fvh trimmed h
JULIKTS w«h spring heels. M
Infants' *1«». « l ° 8 ;; *%* If
, Childs' iUf». 8*4 t° 11 T«e If
Misses' SUM. lift to 2 , 80c J|
SHOE ORDER*— If you deslr» to ' 13
make a present and do not know th* 1|
iUe. buy a sho* order. ij
Country orders solicited. w
PHILADELPiJiTsHOE CO. I
10 THIRD ST. San Francisco. |Customs Collector Stratton yesterday
promoted Louis E. Beban from the posi
tion of guarding inspector to that of dis
charging inspector. P. O. Huftaker of
"Wheptland, i'olo County, wns appointed
guarding Inspector from tho eligible list
Custom-House Appointments.
Henry Altmeyer was sentenced by Judge
Lawlor yesterday to seven years In Fol
som penitentiary for burglary. He broke
Into a room at 501 Post street and stole an
overcoat. There was a prior conviction
against him. 4
Seven Years for Burglary.
Ann Harrington Dies in the Branch
Jail After Being Given a
, Bath-
Ann Hsrrinston. a widow 63 years old.
ci^d s.t the Branch County Jail yesterday
of natural causes On the 10th .of tho.
present month she was convicted of
vagrancy in Judge Fritz's court and pen
tfriced to ten days" Imprisonment. When
received at the jail it was found that she
t<8s filthy, but she fought desperately
i.hen the matron rx-gan stripping her pre
paratory to giving her a bath.
?--wefl up In the lining of her sle«ve were
Jound $2% in gold. $27 20 in diver, five
fold rings, a pair of earrings and a check
fT $50 on the bank of D. O. Mills. After
taking the bath the old woman became
e ; i~k and reir.ain*<l so until she died. She
had no home and slept in out of the way
jiaces.
VAGRANT WIDOW WITH
MONEY IN HER SLEEVE
Active w6rk on the new ten-story struc
ture of the Mutual Savings Bank of San
Francisco to be located on Market street,
opposite the Call building, will begin In
the early part of the new year.
In Its new home the bank will occupy
unsurpassed quarters and its facilities for
doing business will be considerably en
larged. The deposits of the bank exceed
$4,500,000 and Its rates of interest are as
large as are consistent with conservative
banking. Its guaranteed capital is $1,
000.009 and its paid up capital $300,000.
The directors of the bank are able finan
ciers and afl are well known in business
circles. Mayor James D. Phelan is presi
dent; S. G. Murphy, first vice president;
John A. Hooper, second vice president;
George A. Story, cashier; C. B. Hobson,
assistant cashier; Frank J. Sullivan, at-'
torney. . ¦.
xnence at an Early Date.
Work on Its New Building to Com-
MUTUAL SAVINGS BANK.
Mr. Christensen was formerly the local
manager of the American Central Insur
ance Company of St. Louis and the St.
Paul Fire and Marine Insurance Company
of St. Paul, Minn., where Mr. Goodwin
was his assistant manager.
The new fltm of Christensen, Edwards
& Goodwin will take charge of the Pacific
Coest business cf the American, Manches
ter and Caledonian at once.
When Balfour. Guthrie & Co. gave up
their insurance agencies L. B. Edwards
was placed In charge of the agen
cies oa this coast. Shortly after
ward Mr. Conroy Joined Mr. Edwards as
assistant manager and for a time every
thing was satlstactory in the offlce i/I
waras and Conroy had been in charge of
the agencies of the companies for two
years, when last July, to th* surprise of
the local insurance world. Mr. Edwards
was dropped out of the management and
Mr Conroy became manager in his place.
New to "the surprise of Insurance men
the tables are reversed and Mr. Conroy
has been deposed and Mr. Edwards Is
once more in harness for the Balfour-
Guthrie agencies.
Mr Hoadley was seen last evening at
the Palace Hotel, and in reply to a ques
tion as to the cause of the changes said:
••It is purely a business proposition, and
we have made the change for the best In
terests of all parties. Although the
American Company is as strong as the
Caledonian and Manchester, we were
only getting 14 per cent of the business
oi the office end we felt that Mr. Conroy
was not securing for us the business we
wt-rc certainly entitled to. I came out
here especially to Investigate the matter,
and late this afternoon decided to make
the change. Our company has the best of
feeling"? toward Mr. Conroy, but we nat
urally had to look out for our interests.
As far as I and my company are con
cerned, you can state that we have not
severed our connection with Mr. Conroy
on account of any friction in the agency
here. We make this change solely for
business reasons."
Secretary P. L. Hoadley of the agency
department of the American Insurance
Company of Newark. N. J., has been here
for the past week making an investiga
tion which has resulted in T. J. Conroy
being superseded as the local representa
tive cf the American. Caledonian and
Manchester companies.
A lively shake-up occurred in insurance
circles yesterday Just before the close of
business hours, by which tho new firm of
Christensen. Edwards & Goodwin was
formed to take charge on this coast of
what Js known as the Balfotir. Guthrle &
Co. agencies.
The Kew Firm of Chxisten&en, Ed
wards and Goodwin Secure the
Balfour-Guthrie Company's
Agencies.
•
T. J. Conroy No Longer
Manages the American
Company of Newark.
CHANGES AMONG
INSURANCE MEN
Auditor Wells ha? prepared a statement
cf the Judgments obtained against this c'ty
t;nd county, ¦with a view to paying them
<ut of the excess fund obtained by an In
creftsed itsejsment. In addttion to this he
has calculated the outstanding claims
¦Cmiast t!e city but on which no JudR
inents have been obtained. To this class
he has added the salary demands of teach
«:-e lor November and December. 1SSS. re
maining unpaid. Wells pays all that is
recessary to bring these last two claims
within the purview o! the charter clause,
vhich provides for the payment of all
f.nal judgments against the city out of
any surplus funds remaining in the treas
ury at the end of the fiscal year, is for
their holders to obtain judgments.
The surplus fund which will be available
on July 1, 1901, es a result of some $30,000,-
WO increase in the assessment roll, will
e mount to about $260 ,0*?. Wells holds that
under the charter and by virtue of Senate
constitutional amendment No. 15 the city's
obligations for the year6 1SS9, 1S90, 1691.
isn. 1S53. 1S3S and 1S&9 can be paid out of
succeeding revenues to the extent of $500.
000, and shall not be governed by the stat
ute of limitations. Cnder the Auditor's
ruling the following judgments and claims
may be paid out of the excess funds as
far as they will permit:
Judgments and costs against the city
net including interest from 1S33 to
date $167,856 63
•Teachers" salaries for November. 18?S.
remaining" unpaid Ho, €55 43
Teachers' talarie« for December, 1F9S,
remaining unpaid 95.3:6 S3
5>lrrchar.ts' claims for November and
December. 1S?S T.8U 2?
Outstanding claim* of 1S83 for which
no judgments have been obtained.. 1SS.252 38
t>cubtful claims «not judgments and
never audited) 7, 638 IT
Grand total M97.440 TS
Of the outstanding claims for 1S93 the
¦utn of $T7,(K'O Is of record in the Auditor's
having b«>en registered and audited.
While only $;*VOO0 c. n be applied to wip
tr.g out these obligations on July 1. 1901,
ihe city has the power, under amendment
Co. 15." to levy a tax for the payment of
the remainder. This may be done in in
stallments, so as not to increase the tax
rate ton much 8t one time.
In view of the Auditor's determination
to apply all surplus" funds to the payment
cf judgment!?, it iF interesting to note that
the Board of Supervisors recently passed
f a resolution dpclaring It? Intention to set
epart $100 .000 of the excess fund to repave
streets. Another $50,000 was also voted to
V<-gin purchase of land for St. Mary's
square. The Auditor will on next Monday
notify the board of hip intention to pay
judgments, end he will also submit an
itemized statement of all judgments and
claims, together with the names of their
holders. The figure* were prepared with
the asFistance of Expert Williams, and
correctly represent the money owed by
the city exclusive of the demands for
June. 1MB, which may ultimately be paid
cut of the original appropriation of $125,000
for Bt. Marys Park, now before the Su
r-rerce Court for tinal adjudication.
Decides That Excess Hevenue Fund
Must Be Applied Toward Paying
Legal Indebtedness of
Nearly $500,000.
Auditor Wells Prepares List
of All the Municipal
Obligations.
MANY JUDGMENTS
AGAINST THE CITY
THE SAN FRANCISCO . CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 16; 1900.
31
We are the young 'urts' Santa Claxvs as of old.
Toys— good ones— free, leginnint Monday, with
your boy's Christinas Suit — with your boy's
Christmas Overcoat \
A bis; fortune awaits the Inventor of &
f?<>Ti-lng machine tha.t will collect rents,
fppalr family breaches and mend ba>l
inaxcers.
. If you're goihg to rtvaki a present to a frierfi arvl don't know
ivhafi to give him.' Why? below we give you, a, form ivhich you
can fill) out. Depositnuifh us the amount you wish to spend,
have it stamped^by our office and then, present, it to vour friend.
'Raphkei's mo.. no:-
¦ San Francisco.
Pressimtatloin Order.
Date ..2,9
To be honored for •• •• .~Ti.
to the extent of '. .Dollars ($.........)
\ for MR
With compliments of
?«•-*¦¦ .. »
It's a gift in many ways, o>
gift price, and a clever gift to
Our $1.35
Soft Hat.
The Union Label is in every
one of these Hats, and they're
gems. In brown, csdar, otter,
steel, pearl, and you never need
worry about the wear of 'em.
They're made by Union Labor,
and they'll compare with any
thing you have seen in this town
at $2.50. Prettily bexsd and
sent anywhere.
For $1.35
A Store Brimful of Holiday
Finery for Men, (
Above we give you an illustration of sortie verij
handsome things for men; they II appreciate such
things, especially ivherv coming front oicr house-
Then know we carry the swellest.
In the center we picture a very elegant Robe.
Your purse will stand the strain, of cv Robe very
easily, because we offer yoib a selection, a grand
selection frovvh^gh- class Robes— not the cheap, tawdry
affairs — you, can give your fancy rein.
From $5.00 up.
Some dreams in Scarfs, in the new Waffle Weaves,
the Basket Weaves, in light colorings. Holiday Neck-
wear, you know, and in the bi$, generous shapes —
The Imperial, The Derby Four-in-Hand
The Club Tie (Narrow and Smart).
(Bat- Wing Idea) The Already-Tied Knot.
Some beautiful things, some very artistic neck-
wear creations. You, wouldn't hesitate paying $1.00
for any of em, but you needn't. They're
Initial Hnjidhzrchiefs are another very acceptable gift for
gentlemin. and.' of course, our initial Handkerchiefs are far
different and siurpass in point of beauty any Initial Mandker-
chiefs ever shown by it? before. . Our ideas of Initial Handicsr-
chief are far different from those shown in past seasons.
We have boxid them very handsomely , 6 in a box, at
$1.39 the Box.
Of course, thes" are Hi^h-Grad* Handkerchief*.
Gloves are another one of those very acceptable presents.
]Ve are showing some very High-Ctass Street G'oves for
Gentlemen, in all the n°.w shades, for ivhich the tax is but
$1.00 ,
We have earned a reputation for Snioking Jackets, which
extends from \\Iain* to California. In fact, we have orders
front, all the large Eistern, cities for our Smoking Jackets, for
they are of different design, and be had elsewhere,
and the taxis bub '$5. 00 for a real good one, and you can go as
far as yozcr p t4,r a e permits. t
¦ , Another very acceptable gift for a. gentleman is a Neck
Reefer in fine silks; then our silks are pure, dyed and boiled,
which insures to you the safety of having a Sil'c Rzefer around
ij our friend's neck that iv ill not crock or fade.
V You can get them in the double' or the single, and these won't
hurt your purse.' :\ .. \
$lOO up
And, of course, we could go on, and go on, and go on quoting
things, but a- big store' liki ours offers more suggestions when
you are in there than we could put in print.
Can Have It Free and Be Strong
and Vigorous for Life.
INSURES LOVE AND A HAPPY HOME.
CURES WEAK MEN FREE.
£end Name and Address To-Day — You
ADVERTISEMENTS.
$3.98;
Here's a very dressy little suit
for a chap of these years; there's
just mannishness enough about
it to tickle the fancy of thfese
young chaps. This suit will
find its way to our special sale
table Monday at
A smart manly suit in a Fine
Blue Twill Worsted Chev-
iot for chapi wearing short
trousers, between the ages of 10
and 16; doivble-breasbcd vest, or
single-breasted, as mty be prs-
f erred.
KII1NG-FMNS FOR- OVERCOATS. .
THE FRISCO QOXS.
Corner Kearny Street and JJnion=Square Avenue.
$io.oo.
Give your imagination
full, scope on this line*
Expect the finest and
you'll not be disappoint-
ed. These suits will, be .
You can give your
fancy free scope to a big
range of those very swell
Oxfords, . those very
handsome Ouerplaids,
those indistinct stripes,
suits that no other house
¦will offer you under $15,
and among which you
will find some of our
TB UE BL UE SEBGES.
In either the Single-
Breasted or D ouu ble-
Breasted Sack.
These are faultlessly tai-
lored Young Men's Suits
in thbnew MILITAIBE
sack, broad- shoulder ef-
fect, and of course you
know our Young Men's
Suits - have a charm
about them that malies
tliem irresistible; the
tailoring of course does
that
Young Me
One of the features
Monday will be some
snappy Young Men's
Suits, which w& picture
opposite.
n's Suits.
for that chap
of yours
is the proper winter coat; be h»
8, be hs 16 years; and' what a
lovely lot of Raglans we are
showing in the new shades,
GOLDEN OLIVE t in the fancy
Scotches, in coats not to be had
at any price elsewhere, and yet
we have tinily priced 'em, and
your little chap gets his toys,
too t free, \
Art t
Raglan
been extraordinary. It has completely braced
me up. I am Just as vigorous aa when a boy
and you cannot realise how happy I am."
"Dear Elr— Tour method worked beautifully.
Result* were exactly what I needed. Strength
and viror have completely returned and en-
larrementMs entirely satisfactory."
"Dear Sir 1 — Tours was. received and I had no
trouble Id making- use of the receipt aa directed
and csjt truthfully say tt is - a boon to - weak
men. I am rreatly lmprored la size, strength
and rigor.""
All correspondence Is strictly confldentlal.
mailed In plain, sealed envelope. ' The receipt
Is free for the asking; acd he wants every mu
to have iU'.*&35J3Et3flERS£iK £Si*^SiS i *"
Hew any ir.an may quickly cure hlms#lf after
years of *uff*rlnB: from sexual weakness. lo«t
vttslttjr. oigfct losses, varicocele. etc.. and en-
large email weak organs to full (Ue and vigor.
titnply send your name and address to Dr. L.
VT. Kna$p. 1273 Hull buildlnc. Detroit. Mich.,
he will srlsAly seed the free receipt with
PR I «lrectlor* *o ttat sny mu may eaally cure
r>3-.»ir at horn*. This :e certainly a most
fnrrous offer and the following extracts taken
'Srum hie dally mail show what men think of
hit r*nero*;ty.
"I'esr Elr — Pleas* accept my sincere thanks
for yours of recent date. I fcave grlven your
treatment & thorough test and tbt^ benefit has
L. W. KNAPP. M. D.
SANTA CLAUS
King of Toys
and Good Cheer.
-v.
'MB M& W- ;^^^y7y m <&l9t SsSrJ JJIlnB^THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 16, 1900.
32
Hundreds of women are wearing Shoes sold them as SOROSIS, or "just as good," which are not. We regret this, as it is not good advertising for women to feel and to say that SOROSIS is giving them pain and discomfort.
You are. however, fortunately protected against misrepresentations by SOROSIS name and SOROSIS price, can easily identify the real from the imitation, and should insist upon having your SHoes with the SOROSIS label.
The manufacturers of SOROSIS make Shoes of Different Designs, to fit the varying types of feet, and your foot can be fitted correctly and scientifically, provided you trade where all the styles (over fifty for all occasions and sea-
:ons) are carried. We go so far as to say: Provided you allow us to prescribe a Shoe after studying your foot, we will guarantee Comfort as well as the Correct Style.
You will find our SOROSIS stock complete, from the dainty Louis XV Heel Shoe, or Oxford, to the heavy Waterproof Walking Boot; and after having secured a perfect fitting SOROSIS, you ever afterward have on call, in every
city of this country or Europe, your private last, and not only your private last, but a Shoe made upon it ready for your use, and on sale at one of the best mercantile establishments in each city.
All your foot troubles are at an end, and you have merely to say: "JTust a duplicate of what I have on, and perhaps a Dress Boot of the same type."
was easy, but the "something else" is different.
SOROSIS, be it the high shoe or the low shoe, has in it one of these three labels:
is made from special Leathers, but represents something else. Millions of discriminating Women of society and
business are wearing the SOROSIS Shoes with comfort and satisfaction. Thousands of Juniors are at the
present time having their feet trained scientifically, now that the Boys' and Girls' SOROSIS are ready for the
Hundreds of Manufacturers and Dealers have tried to imitate SOROSfS. The imitation of Sorosis Leather
THE BEST SHOE FOR WOMEN
/ ! I E m — — *^ fi BvVw£v*"£V3 ¦ ¦ BBWbhwSH I mSSStsB^^R&K^SBSB^^SS^SS^BE^^^^^r ¦ rfii? t*^5^^*f H 8 hShnBKxuI M v*^^s^nSn Hftfej^flsBs*^^ li 1 ¦ I fl II *"" "**s \ i
EXCLUSIVE AGENCY. : EXCLUSIVE AGENCY.
tf* /T^|f}^ wSIM' Made From Measurements W^^JJ A.E.LITTLEScCO. Style Hot Found In Our Catalogue
%*** 2/ •* r * r §: . I N^^^ / A.E.LinLEaCO.MANUFACTURERS | | N^^^ / manufacturers | | n^^^^ / ALLITTLE^ CO. MANUFACTURERS | Yj* £j'^^
5O Third Street, If y° u are now wearing a Shoe being sold as SOROSIS tfoat does not have either of tbese sq Third Street,
Second Shoe Store From Market Street, three labels> you d0 ° ot have a S °^ OSIS - Second Shoe Store From Market Street.
-' ' - -. ; ' ' ¦ - *. ..." - _.-'... . '..'.. ¦¦ " . . t •Contests Henry's Election.
SOUND BANKING HOUSE.
Anglo-Californian Bank One of the
Strongest in San Francisco.
The Anglo-Californian Bank is a financial
institution whose soundness has placed
It in the front rank of banking concerns
of San Francisco. It was founded in
April of 1873 and has a capital stock of
$3,000,000, of which over $2,000,000 b.as been
paid in. The surplus exceeds $700/)00. •
Under the wise and conservative man
agement of Ig-natz Steinhart and P. N.
Lilienthal the affairs of the bank have
enjoyed marked prosperity. The bank
does a general business including the is
suing of letters of credit and exchange,
collections, buying and selling of bonds,
bullion and stocks. The best known
banks of the larger cities of the world
are included among its correspondents.
Fine leather Goods.
Don't forget our carload prices when
looking for trunks, dress suit cases, va
lises, traveling bags, coin purses and
pocketbooks. Lettering- name In gold with
out cost to purchaser. Sanborn, Vail &
Co. '741 Market street. •
Some people speak only to deceive and
listen only to betray. ¦_¦
Special for the Holidays.
Some elaborate designs , in silver
mounted fountain pens ara shown by-
Cooper & Co, 746 Market -st. This makes
a most suitable Christmas gift for gentle
men. , • ¦
Kindergarten Christmas Festivities.
The following are the dates of the
Christmas festivities of the Golden Gate
Kindergarten Association:
"Wednesday, December 19 — 10 a. m., Stanford
Memorial Kindergartens Nos. 3 and 4, 900
Brannan street; 11 a. m., Pope, Emily P. Wal
ker, Real Estate and Attorneys'. 221 Ninth
street; 2 p. m., Two Friends' Kindergarten,
1018 Folsom street; 2 p. m.. Lester Xorris Me
morial Kindergarten, 1231 Pacific street. Thurs
day, December 20—10 a. m., Stanford Memorial
Kindergartens Nob. 1 and 2, 1912 Mason street,
noar Filbert; 11 a. m., Hearst Kindergartens.
Washington Square Hall, corner Stockton and
Union streets : 2 p. m.. Produce Exchange Kin
dergarten, 4049 Eighteenth street, corner Hart
ford street. Friday, December 21—10 a. m..
Stanford Memorial Kindergarten No. 5, 3303
Mipgion street; 11 a. m.. Lux Potter, T. Fuller,
Shattuck and Merchants' Kindergartens, 106
Went Mission street, near Thirteenth; 11 a. m.,
Oegood and Grace Bradley Memorial and Wil
merding Memorial Kindergartens, 2QS0 Six
teenth street,, near Howard.
Mrs. T. A. Temple, registering from
New York, died at the Palace Hotel early
yesterday morning after a brief Illness.
She came to San Francisco last Tuesday,
with the exr^cta* 100 °' sailing on the
Sierra for a pleasure trip to Honolulu.
Mrs. Temple was much fatigued by the
trip and on the advice of her physician
postponed the steamer voyage. Mrs.
Temple was 50 years old and her home
was in Montreal. The body will be taken
East early this week.
Dies at Palace Hotel.
This week, beginning to-morrow, 100;)
pairs of men's calf, vici kid, box calf,
kangaroo or seal shoes, worth $3 50,
every pair of them, for only $1 65 a pair,
at the bankrupt shoe tale of the Califor
nia, 1506 Market street, near City Hall
avenue. •
1506 Market Street.
Samuel Strauss, -whose alleged crooked
transactions forced Walter Hirschfeld to
commit suicide on December 4, was re
leased from custody yesterday morning.
Strauss asserted that he had been a part
ner of Hirschfeld and not a solicitor and
as the only man who could prove the con
trary was dead there was no chance of
making out a case against him.
Strauss Released From Custody.
Amor.g the great pavings banks of the
United States the Hibernia Savings and
l>oan Society of San Francisco Is one of
the most conspicuous.' It is a gigantic
moneyed concern, its assets on June 30
being 5 $49,158,908 92. Of that sum $22,551,
riO9*S* is represented by promissory notes
secured by mortgages, bonds $23,120,85S 47
and caph on hand $1,77S.591 92. The reserve
iund is $3.015,7t>0 12. and there is due to
depositors $4>U53.14 ) > 80.
The Hibernia Bank is under the capable
management of President James R. Kelly
and Secretary Robert J. Tobin, two finan
ciers of conspicuous ability. Their con
servative methods insure the safety of the
interests of their depositors, and the tre
mendous increase in the bank's business
during the current year Is largely "due to
the enterprising yet cautious policy of the
management. The number of depositors
is enormous, but nevertheless increasing
from day to day.
Hibernia Savings Bank.
"Wood novelties for flre-etchlng. Useful
articles in leather purses, belts, photo
cases, albums, Irames and fandy boxes for
poker etching, and an excellent fresh sup
ply of whole sheepskins In all colors, Just
from the tanner's. The latest pyrography
outfits. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market
street. •
Things to Burn.
City Street Improvement Company
Leads All in This Work.
The leading corporation which is en
gaged exclusively In the construction of
streets, wharves, reservoirs, bridges, jet
ties and seawalls is the City Street Im
provement Company, of which J. W. Mc-
Donald is president. Nearly all of'the
bituminous rock pavements in this city
were laid by this company and many of
the best constructed wharves on the
water front axe specimens of Its superior
handicraft. Throughout the State of
California the fame of the company has
spread so that its services are constant
ly in demand in the larger cities of the In
terior.
The company owns extensive bitumen
mines in Santa Cruz, Monterey and San
Luis Obispo counties. In the laying of
this class of pavements it has practically
no competitor. Its facilities for doing
this work are unexcelled and only the
latest and best appliances are employed.
In addition to this the company con
structs reservoirs and Jetties, builds rail
roads and bridges and does a general con
tracting business In kindred lines. •
During the past year the company has
begun the manufacture of vitrified brick
ana quite recently it acquired the Steiger
Terra Cotta and Pottery Works, from
¦which it turns out the best ironstone
sewer pipe known to the trade. A pav
ing brick of unsurpassed quality is also
turned out and the chemistry department
of the State University attests to its ex
cellence and superiority for paving pur
poses.
During the present- year the company
laid many miles of pavement in this city,
besides completing the concrete wharf at
Howard street and making extensive im
provements at Sacramento, Bakersfleld,
Stockton and Fresno. The office of the
company is in the Mills building. The of
ficers are: J. W. McDonald, president; W.
E. Dennison, secretary. The directors
are: \V. D. Sheldon. M T . J. Wiley. T. B.
Bishop, besides the president and secre
tary.
BUILDERS OF STREETS,
WHARVES AND BRIDGES
The decision of the court was based on
a stipulation filed November 3, 1897, and
definitely determines the title to the valu
able property In question. . -."Vi^-
An action was instituted recently to
quiet title to the property. The action was
entitled Harrletta Lyman, otherwise
known as Sister Marie Immaculate; Han
nah Wall, known as Sister Mary Jose
phine; Yvonne Griffith, known as Sister
Mary Evangelist, by their guardian. Oscar
F. Meldon. and Alma Schumann, knoVm
as Sister Mary Aloysius, against Bridget
Mines, known as Sister Perpetuo; Annie
McCarthy, known as Sister Claire, and
the Glris Directory Orphan Asylum.
: The case was heard by zfudge Dainger
fleld Bitting without a jury, and his de
cision was handed down yesterday aa
stated. The court, also finds that the
Girls' Directory Orphan Asylum never
was a corporation, that the- plaintiffs and
defendants never were the members of an
alleged corporation of that name and that
the deeds under which the alleged cor
poration claimed title to the property
were null and void and of no effect.
Judge Daingerfleld has decided that the
Girls' Directory Orphan Asylum is not a
corporation, ' and that the asylum prop
erty, at Waller and Lott streets, is not
that of a corporation, but belongs solely
to Bridget Mines, known as Sister Per
petuo, "who holds the same In fee and
severalty, free and clear of all trusts and
uses other than her own."
tion to Quiet. Title Thereto in
Her Favor.
Judge Daingerfleld Decides the Ac-
SISTEB, PEBPETTJO OWNS
THE GERJLS' DntECTOBY
The greatest assignee sale of clothing. I
will sell to-mcrrow men's genuine worsted
suits that cost $15 for $5 S5: also 430 covert
cloth men's suits, worth $20. for $S 90.
Come one, come all. to the Boston, 775
Market st. P. C. Kelly, assignee. •
Be Sure and Attend
Pictures for Christmas.
The annual before-Christmas exhibition
of framed pictures, showing all the new
effects in Flemish, old Dutch and ebony
frames, with tinted mats to match. Is now
going on at Sanborn. Vail & Co.'s. All the
newest pictured in Copley prints, platinum,
sepia and color to be seen there. You will
feel fully repaid for the time spent in
viewing the same. 1 *
object, it Is thought. * of stealing tbm
money from the cash drawer.
James Ellis, who gave his occupation as
a printer, -was arrested yesterday after
noon by Policoman Geimnnn and booked
at the City Prison on a charge of attempt
ing to commit burglary- He tried, it la
alleged, to break open M. Guama's boot
black stand at 621 Clay street with the
Burglary in Bootblack Stand.
Tunnel Under Montgomery Street.
The North Central Improvement Asso
ciation has called the attention of the
Board of Supervisors to the necessity of
the extension of Montgomery street from
Jackscn to Lombard by means of a tun
nel. This woui.V afford direct communi
cation between the business part of San
Francisco and the new wharves now being
constructed by the Harbor Commission.
The business of the tinn extends to all
parts of the Pacific Coast. South Amer
ica, and the Orient. Its quarters, recently
enlarged, are very commodious, and Ita
facilities now are unsurpassed.
Among the wholesale business houses
which Rive stability to the reputation of
San Francisco as a commercial center of
note, none Is more widely known than
that of Murphy, Grant A Co., wholesale
dealers in dry goods, at Bush and San
some streets. Established nearly a half
century ago, the business of the firm has
grown with phenomenal strides, so that
to-day It Is the most extensive house In
its line west of Chicago.
Houses on the Coast.
One of the Most Prominent Dry Good*
MTJBPHY, GBAUT & CO.
No firm identified with the shipping in
dustry, of San Francisco Is more promi
nent than that of De Lano Bros., the
prominent brass, copper and sheet metal
workers at 21 Spear street. The specialty
of this house Is its marine work, which is
conducted on a very extensive scale. • The
popularity of the members of the firm In
shipping circles and their sui-erlor work
manship have resulted in increasing their
business to gigantic proportions. As job
bers in their line De Lano Bros, enjoy an
extensve trade. .
De Lano Bros.
They Will Be Furnished on Demand
by John A. Benson, the Well-
Known Land Ag«nt.
Chief among the civil engineers and
land surveyors of the Pacific Coast is
John A. Benson, whose ottlco is at 507
Montgomery street. There Is no man In
California more familiar with the land
surveys made by the, Government during
the past thirty years than Mr. Benson.
He was himself In the employ of the Gov
ernment for years as surveyor and his
surveys have Invariably stood the test
when titles to lands surveyed by him were
In dispute.
Mr. Benson's equipment for the busi
ness in which he 1*. engaged is unex
celled.' His office Is provided with air the
data necessary to put the Inquirer as to
facts expedltiously upon the correct track.
Surrounded as he Is by competent and ac
commodating assistants, Mr. Benson is
prepared to furnish reliable information
as to all the land surveys of California.
In connection with a full complement of
maps, surveys, etc.,, Mr. Benson has a
finely equipped library of works . bearing
upon land surveys and kindred | topics.'
These were collected by Mr. -Benson at
the expenditure of much time and money,
but. the library is at the service of all.
who desire information pertaining to the
subjects treated.
in addition - to obtaining titles to Gov
ernment lands In California, Mr. Benson .:
is prepared to' secure titles to -any va
cant; Unappropriated public lands of 'the
United States, surveyed or unsurveyed,
by means of Forest Reserve Rights and
other scrip. This Is an important phase
of Mr. Benson's business, which has In
recent years rendered him most prominent
among land men of the Pacific Coast. His
facilities for expediting have been such
that In this branch of buslnes he Is prac
tically without .a competitor.
Mr. Benson .Is one of the best known
'citizens of San Francisco. He is a native
of Jefferson County, N. Y., and his ear
lier education was received in the public
schools. He was an apt scholar and . in
mathematics his attainments were es
pecially noteworthy., He is a graduate of
the Warren Collegiate Institute of Illi
nois, and on his graduation he began the
study of civil engineering, which ne sub
sequently adopted as his profession. He
served as surveyor of Keokuk County,
Iowa, for five years, and at the expiration
of his term of office he came to this city
and established himself with marked suc
cess. • S$fc!s2fr*SSafc?*<££$
Mr. Benson Is a genial gentleman, whose
personal qualities have endeared him to
all : his associates. His views on every
question bearing on land ' surveys, .titles,
forest reserve rights and scrip of all de
scriptions are regarded as authoritative,
and his counsel is. therefore sought by all
who are. interested in such subjects. The
,-Vred tape", which. too often attaches itself
to Government land offices and which ren
ders the performance of business with
overworked Government employes a.'se
vere task. at ; times is: not encountered in
Mr. Benson's offices. All searchers for. in
' formation ' are treated , courteously and
the data given is authentic and reliable.
It '. Is > this quality which has assisted ' In
rendering Mr. Benson. famous In his pro
fession. It Is this, coupled with his wide
knowledge of the details of hi* profession
and his personal characteristics, J which
has contributed so largely to his suc
cess In bis chosen calling. .
GOVERNMENT LAND
TITLES AND SURVEYS
•
THE SAK FRANCISCO GALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER , 16, 190 °-
Suits for dlvprce have been filed by Ida
Belknap :i gainst Alden Belknap for de
serUon, Irma. Treas against Spero Treas,
for desertion and Nellie McD&vltt against
James MeDavItt for failure to provide.
Divorce Suits.
The election of Lorenzo Henry for the
office of Assemblyman for the Forty-sec
ond district- has been contested by Wll
llBm 15. "WasHon. Henry, the Republican
candidate, defeated Wasson by 104 votes.
Wasson alleges that votes cast for him
and three Independent candidates were
fraudulently counted for Henry.
33
W« are selling agents for "Waterman
Ideal" fountain pens and the "Marshall,"
the best $1 pen in the world. These make
ideal Christmas presents. Sanborn, Vail &
Co., 741 Market street. • .
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
A SUITABLE
Present
For Man, Woman or Child.
tions in large variety at
Men's Dress, Derby or Soft Hats,
Ladles' Walking, Riding or Tourist Hats,
Children's Hats or Caps of ail descrip-
HATS AND CAPS.
TELEPHONE-MAIN 1610.
AN ENTIRE BUILDING DEVOTED TO
The man who takes a drink only when
he has occasion Is apt to be an expert at
manufacturing occasions.'
CnFEBO¥ALBS|
Wl11 "" •** #llll "6c. Overcoatiriiii
vallees checke4^ree.
TONC F»O GUV.
t Successor to Dr. LAI PO TAI,
graduate of Canton Medical
College, after a very eacc^ss-
fu! practice of many years in
China, has located In San
Fra.ncit>co. The vurprislng and
marvelous cures effected by
bis herbs demonstrate I their
tj-'.ti-ne* and his skill. These
herbs cure over 400 different
tiiteas>-s. including - Bright'*
LKqease, Diabetes, Consump-
tion. Asthma. Paralysis, Drain.
Nerve. Cancers. Tumors, Blood. Male and Fe-
n.ale Maladies. Alt persons afflicted with any
k'.nd of malady ¦whatsoever are Invited to c*JL
CKdce. 717 Washington st. Office hours— J a>
n. to 12 m., I to 9 p. m. ; Sundays, 10 a. m. to
12 m. Accept grateful thanks for effecting a
cure of asthsa of eeveral years* standing.
a, DAHLET, £an Rafael. -
- i ¦— i — f «•*¦•»< •. — '
Dealer in legitimate oil stocks only.
Correspondence solicited. ' Write for
one of our illustrated books of the
oil fields of California. Free.
San Francisco,
537-538-539 PABBOTT BUZLDING,
JAMES B. T. MEBSHON,
SEND IT TO YOUR FRIENDS.
NOW ON SALE AT ALL NEWS STANDSl
PRICE 85 CENTS,
The Philippines, China, Alaska, Hawaii
and the entire Pacific Coast are drawn
upon -to furnish illustrations for this unri-
valed edition. ,
This annual number of the Wasp has
never been equaled in the attractiveness of
its cover and the number and interest of
the engravings*
CHRISTMAS WASP.
"THE. ..NEW WEST"
MAGNIFICENTLY ILLUSTRATED IN
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BEFORE DURING AFTER
Prayer books and hymnals in fine bind-
ing? are displayed by Cooper &' Co. In va-
riety and are appropriate Christmas pres-
ents. ' . ' ¦ ¦ V :
TSS&te&r^ VVorld Famous Mariani Tonic
<^y^^^^ FOR BODY AND BRAIN
y&B&^jgtRpr^ : * 03 . Endorsed by Medical Profesflon. .
immediate lasting efficacious agreeable
At Drug gists Eo*rywh*r' < *. Refuse Substitutes.
f IfoPENlvENINGS, I
! . ART GOODS
3^L MAGNIFICENT STOCK
V£S§pb*^/-7 BRIC-A-BRAC, VASRS,
PAINTINGS, PICTURES,
V3jj5?'*>V. STATUARY, ORNAMENTS,
FINE CHI N A and GLASS \Y ARE
RICH CUT GLASS,
fig3 ELECTRIC LIGHT STATUARY,
ART FURNITURE.
ff| \ , Immense variety of fine Art Novrttle«
Jp^ V » selected from the different Art Centeri of
_^&~', ¦ j^. J Europe and America and from this year*
jES—Jc^^*^^. . I'aris Exposition.
\ Wp^ S. & G.~GUMP CO.,
I 113 CEARY STREET.
jp^ Golf Skirts. Some nilin 3 ValuBS in our Christmas Handkerchiefs, kid cloves- I
1 4A> ;The Underwear Department, Always a leading feature in e^» t j| S-lSmfStte Kid/' a r n e2 f
f W Bay or Walking Gar- LADIES' GOWNS, made of best °ur popular store, but this year gowned the » world over for dura- U
3 - VJ ¦* woiiuiis quality striped flannelette, double we have made unusual . efforts £"*£•*" J dressy ft
S / afg§» ment. An article that yoke back and front, deep rotind for jaonths past to bring to- up P* ;itrance - iJ
m jlQ$m is ** th - delight get h*r the latest and best from or GENTS; OUTO. \
ff on all sides as being <* h1^ brald-our holiday offering £, markets> at i ast> after Stltehed' bKk. JS£%Jtb£'cuS$. 3
® £$m conducive to health and """' u ''"l^W^Wi*^ taxing our energy to the utmost, Unprecedented values for.... SI. (K» ff
w jfawa n , . An Item Not to Be Overlooked in our efforts have been crowned childrevb gloves, sama \
M £4B\ comfort ' Our MUSLIN UNDERWEAR with success. Come and see the quality a 3 above T .%c h
8 jm&m LADIES' SKIRTS, DEPARTMENT. grand stock of handkerchiefs we (Glove order 9 issued.) 0
made of extra heavy LADIES' GOWNS made of very offer for the Holiday trade. I- p.,. \A/ 3 ; ? f Por^r^mcnt A
H wool R-olflnfif invisible t>est quality soft bleached musltn, III CUI lidlOl UCpal liliCills JB
ff plaid back, welted seams, in- yo ke of tucks and embroidery lnser- Z^pS ' HANDKER- If printers* ff
it fl ~*«^ far, Vvoofc- innnftr T»nrket tlon and finishing braid, deep tucked '. •,»3 > Jl* CHIEFS, made £&{& i^v ~~t,ia ..t, b
H verted fan bacfc, Jaunty P°C Ke W and hemstitched ruffle, sleeves fln- \v*£ £1 of Rood quality K ink C 0111 * onI 7 fl
\» stitched bottom, perfect fitting, i S hed with hemstitching and tucked si"* Y lawn, colored x -f^'^^'N. tell von. ot ff
£/ man tailored. An article worth ruffle, front of forty-four tucks; must »C -r / borders and neat SZ"( r^"* 7 If
'S- ' Sale at O'Farr'eVl-s'treet' Entrance. { 3 ln a fancy box> / Value and true J*
J Chic, Natty and Comfortable Pretty Neckwear for Lovely { vUfc KJw?/ "«* •«**«• r
Xk best quality wool yarn, neck and _ •" U "' )• VI 'iW^rli^ CHIEFS, made _ _<] » M
Kl arm-size bound with best silk braid; The woman of taste has now- V^X v££kf7T~ of best Irish / 7// \ wouia lose no fJ
fa in all the new, warm plaid effects. a days no excuse for confining lawn, neatly H f ,1: time in secnr- C.
a ecld buttons— astoundlngly low at — * ° r^*+m~\ hemstitched, .
1 83.50 herself to the beaten track of » hand-Initialed: ing one for yourself and telling 1
% ., ,. ¦: , neck adornment. New ideas are x °* slx » 75c _„,,,. <j..j, -v«n*. ?!,„- «« +u-~. B
J What Every Housewife Needs, constantly appeal* and the w HAramc™ rrlif^Lr^ C
W VTTf , HPV aprovcj mud* of newest and the prettiest can be made of best Belfast lawnfftney y OTtJa - ? 3 -°°- Sou 1 **
I beKS ing^T good length! found here. bSWi?* and Bcalloped ed^ now for just half. M
jl full width— an opportunity to be . *,' " * »»C fir
M seized 1S%C « Ml ftrf l n f - C ou . |l ou . | 9 hnf ¦*¦£}&&, LADIES' HANDKER- LADIES* "WAISTS, made of very %
W .. .......... R.inAnn ** WOrQ 01 d reW HeW JaDOl CHIEFS, made of finest Belfast best quality iron-frame, faat-black
\ FVPRYTHI^i R PAR S AN anrl Pnlhre l! !i wn> scall °P^ and embroidered alpaca, new military effect front, ff
\ . - LVLli I Illlt'U I nllloinu allll UUIIdlOr edges; come ln elegant fan-shap*»d llned throughout, stitched adjustable- m
M Has a Touch of Gold Braid either -— w Made of rood box of three: a winner at 98c collar, fly trimmed with black nail ¦
B ••¦»««• •K?9 nuiiHtv csatin rol- heads; a waist perfect in every de- m
U in the form Of a belt Or Jgt&J&h far trimmed with //O WS THIS S tal1 ° f conatrucUon - Highly ppeclal m
H trimminas ra?&*«sK narrow black velvet . ,_,„, ..„„„. " at S1.5O ff
« trimmings. JW^W^\ and * M braid: -trinS flf nnSfctt TSf K 3< if °^ good Sale at OTarrell-street Entrance. \
m "We are offering a new Parisian Ma ff* •aWy) jabot made of si 1^ 6 ?. nannelette, umbrella flounce. %
novelty in the shape of a belt made rTmf& • S?3OT«=>» larcre bow of satin drench yoke-band, all good widths; — i\
B of best :Frpnch g-llt braid, the kind / I^^^ef?SJ©i and butterfly ends, unparalleled value ;{."ic M AP !..,, l_ |J ft «!-. u if
/? that will not tarnish; extra heavy I V' J^5\ >! alii ° trimmed wl'h _ nOSIciY IS nUSlCI Ji H
W gilt buckle and slide— an opportunity Vrj£g$&Aj velvet and gold H||u Yniir Hnrcot Porn - ' a
not to be missed 81. OO " Jp*^V braid; all colors; UU J ' "«' UUIiCt ntJIC to t^ e ordinary glance all «
J Something to Read About in our e .^ e .^!°. na !! y .7 O^' And J 0 " *• sur e to get it look alike, except of course the ff
ff * ALSO LADIES' NECK RUFF, correct in style and price, as Joe elaborately embroidered kind. %
\ Leather GOOdS Department. j^^ffx'Sfe^ I^senberg ranks foremost in the But all hose are not alike, and |
iv t *t^ttt«' rniATPi at*jtt TjArj pleated ends. Not to be equaled at line of corset dealers. Something: our hose is quite different from ff
ff mite -ot : perfect AtSt leather, suede » 50 anywhere in town. Our price. entirely new. * others in quality, character and \
\ c'hance rlVeted "^ ?H?S25c '' LADIES 1 ' STOCK'COLLARS, made The LATTICE priCe * J
tf ot^TU^ Iei"t™ue*? l Mned! l rtj \*™£te *"™*Sc >V&*fS^) l KT - madS° of -^---sr^^^tv few ere tha^ e wl* g
Bt inches Ions, the new shape, long and - m c^zy corners* "and lounging <^C^»^lf / / French sat- (T "M t § f^n\7 'n^uce you to %
a "ln k chain— worth double the price we rooms are the delight of all up- \^^\> \J J P e w alumlnold • " »\£/ LADIES' ff
0 ask ; T. i ..... T>Oo to-date wdmen. The more nu- 1& ffl I boning, which Is cTr/®W HOSE, made of W
and pocket book, made of good seal merous the pillows the more Jgr jP^^A * breakable; low. H \ £\ cotton. double a
Jk leather, lined, machine sewed, not tasty an d. cozy the corner or fe§»s¥ay fonff P b n i K bu t t - *-*+, NS\l/^i heels, to«s and ff
§3 U rVhrls"ma J s P offerrrig,....f......4Sc room. We have just received al "lV lnn? nn /l\\\ ¥ " ® n e 'h. extra &
* (Merchandise Orders Issued.) . three large cases of pillows, MfSeL straJ h t Vr " 6W \i]P V^J^*! wlde « white _pr \
a% An Event That Commands a Posi- which fact will enable you to ,^^P^\ ef ?f^ : w « • <* 'chil^rlvs ff
a *n event inai uvmmunuiu r»*, . home, tastefully ifir r\<: w «th p i n k or STOCKING, made of best Peruvian 0
W tion at the Highest Point Of ae foraw your nome, wswiuny ,jr \ blue lattice rib- cotton, double heels, toes and knees. 1
M a n~ n ~*;i a P n J anun n in nn» 7*** inexpensively, as we have bon and trim- Swiss ribbed, full length, very elaa- m
Mercantile Endeavor in our marked tne piUows a t unheard- The n . w Van Or _ g^Ld/nll ifr?S Ic: an e^ rl f? tIn F hose at eve . r ,-i"- J
ff Japanese Dressing Sacque De- of prices . rne n»w van or- s ) a^ 1 a l d^ 1 n b^ n an )^ be-remembered prices 23c ff
\ partment , They are made of very best flow- den "La Grecque all black. Won- Did you ever hear of sell- \
TAT>TV«;»n-R.rRRT-NrO ored sllkallne and can hardly be told Lattice Ribbon Cor- ",'v"' c f f s " t-- i--l pff»H- "LarUM' "rTn»» fnr 1
U LADIES' DEEBSINQ from real silk; trimmed with full ruf- , ** lons t o ¦ Intro- ing lace eGect liaOlCS ±±OSe ZOT ¦
M SACQUES, made of best qual- fle of silkaline, 19x19 inches; a sum- » ef - «^ t ce thI " 1 c £ r J 12 l-2cP "Well that's what we're O
ff ity Silk, lined with silk and pad- "^ifco'iors" ---SOc C0R s E x ORDERS ISSUED. " doing now, selling fancy hose, \
\ ded with best picked wadding, * /•uTi\TTiT1T\ f*i not at Fancy prices, but at Clear- 1
df frog-trimmed front; box sleeve; TT j^\ g_/1 \_3 HR CT' 1 i^ I ,^ \j^ |[J fl ance sale prices. &
V all imaginable combinations, I I T\ . W\ I i^^ T* A l\ |% T*a T\ BT » :f \
\ such a 5 pink and brow,., blue O \J £J L\ \JKJ J-< 1* J-»XJ^XIVR , m ™ e \rS«£?T>^?£ S cogS?Yi 1
8 and red and maize and blue or MAIL Q 1 £^ 1V/I sa \*\r Gkfa Crr'AAP phphv tne new French lace effecta. double fi'
/ white and pink. A bargain in J? £ D L E E B D 8 OlD IViarKeC JJgg t l v^ <a^^S<^&^^ V
" every sense of the word, $4.25. " running through to u otarrell. " • " y B ""^-a-^c
twojpsi Each Tablet ;
I /S^*\ Stamped thus
.llio^A Guaranteed
TV \ VlllC
T\ #
DB. PIERCE 1 * a BOUT-HABERT
New y^H^S\Weai
Life- /#* A * T\\ McE
unw *j^- tf i't'fl A modern ap-
By mean* of 'kVAAiMV' P' 1 * 00 * 1 It
;r pure* 1 - »^Af^r in* the body
ii-.t t-.r; At >S5a»»3£r» *' th «'*<*rlc-
tachmestt a. -ff *TvX$8jL lt >'. thu * «* v -
;. iwerl -- ( ur- I °'v*'-"T\5s< ' n Nature's
rent of elec- A>* \\'ffyf' warmth and
tridtyraaybe l'?J^r^f.Tfi Hrenjrthtoall
• :.vf\v; - UgSi^Tp^if v " r J US* It.
»¦ .. part of l x -G-«3*!=»tf -i-r-dilycureF
the body cf 1 »*i f 1 r* without drug*
tbe wearer. 1/7" \ , u and 1» as *ood
Irani head to 11'/ 1 E for wo!n«n
foot, thvrrhy I) • V' I a* for men.
imparting I I j Prices rea-
vimandvlfror I , I .¦ sonabla. No
to all weak I < I J •Tree" or
part* and I ! y j "Half Price''
driving- tva\ SyJi i J> offers made
- ¦. i. - * and *- m ~ 3 s9k£ to **"" t&< *
l^kine as If -* TIF BELT. If
by r.tf .¦ . LaV\ *' ou want tn *
E7"Our new "Book- ** ••/ BEST, you
let No. 2 ' riv*» full in- murt h a ve
formation. Fre« at of- '"Dr. Pierce' s."
fk-e or mail«d to any address for a. 2-c#tit
*tnnt-. CaJl or addreew PIERCE ELEC-
TRJC CO., 1145 Iiroadway (abor« Jf.th St.),
Ni« York. Paelflc Coast office. MO Mar-
ket st. toppofclte Paiac« Hotel), San Fran-
cisco.
Whc-n writing;, kindly inaction this paper.
( I Vio Xteh ALL OTHER
I ! SUBSTI T U T F.S
&»*ai^ I FOR LARD OR
t)/j|) jjji! BUTTER FOR
$G0P$» ' COOKING
&j*|p?4£ jj i HAVE FAILED
fjfepli$J! BECAUSE OF
9&lj§Sgm ||i THE ODOR
[^SSg&^j; j GIVEN THE
s ' Jt . are used -
m Van » - bm4 over ag»!n »r.d ever »rm(n nntll th* H
M lut drop ha* don* iu appetizing work. It remains P
U sweet, per* and clean t*tLt Urt and does not ex- ¦
B change the flaror of th* tarions foods cooked In U. BMANAGER'S OFFICE— 311-312-313 Hearst Building, S. F., Cal.
3X)CATION OF PROPERTY— 80 Acres Proven Oil Land in Section
28, near Coalinga. 80 Acres in Contra Costa County. 700
Acres in 13ig Panoche District, San Benito County.
CALIFORNIA
Rock-Oil Company.
Incorporated Und r the Laws of the State oi California.
Capitalization, $1,000,000. Number of Shares, 1.000,000.
Pap Value, $1.00 Each.
The Producers' Oil Storage and Trans
portation Company will begin to do busi
ness in Kern County January 1. Tne
Standard Oil Company in the meantime
continues the work of erecting tanks.
-Producers' Oil Company.
Material for three Standard Oil Com
pany tanks Is now en the ground at Mc-
Klttrlck. The company Is busy erect-
Ing Its tanks up the river, and has enough
ten-inch pipe on hand to lay a seventeen
mile line. Lines are projected Into all
parts of the field, and among the first will
be one leading up the "32" canyon to ac
commodate the many operators on 5. S3.
32, 30 and 29. O. S. June, resident superin
tendent arrived this morning.— Bakersfleld
Californian. '
Standard Oil Operations.
Computation Made by State Mineral
ogist Are Striking in Suggesting
Some Possibilities.
More important than the area In which
bitumens indicate the possibility and
probability cf finding petroleum. Is the
consideration of the possible richness of
the oil sands. Here, once more, an of
ficial opinion is given, that of the State
Mineralogist:
"The interspaces in a cubic foot of sand
THE SANDS ABE RICH
THAT AEE RESERVOIRS
This is the season when a-ssessment
work is required and in the Sunset dis
trict much of it is started. In order to
hold Us claims, one company is about to
erect twenty-five derricks and another
company Is getting ready to run a water
pipe line which will cost some $1800, ful
filling the requirements of the law on
eighteen quarter sections. ¦
Doing Assessment "Work.
In San IMego County thousands of acres
have been filed on In the Interior, one com
pany securing a block, of 30,000 acres. An
other company has 10,000 acres and several
other* are after a portion of the territory.
The land lies In a series of hills, extend
ing tn the same general direction as oil
belts in other sections of the State— from
northwest to southeast.
Oil in San Diego.
November gained over October in the
matter of number cf wells that were com
pleted, and the estimated advance over
the preceding month was over 1400 bar
rels. Of course there were failures. Not
every one can expect to strike oil every
time in any oil yielding section of the
world. The percentage wa3 not large for
the failures In proportion to the number
of new wells opened and completed. The
list of counties that are now pro'duclng oil
or searching for oil are as follows: Hum
boldt, San Benito, Fresno. Kern, San Luis
Obispo, Santa Barbara, Ventura. Los An
geles, Riverside, San Mateo, Monterey.
Colusa, Contra Costa. Santa Clara. Ala
meda. Mendocino. Tulare, Napa. Shasta.
Marin, Glenn, Kings. Orange. San Ber
nardino, Riverside and San Diego.
Gains in November.
Professor Watts also mentions the fol
lowing facts in one of his papers:
"The geological formations yielding pe
troleum in California range from the
lower cretaceous to the quaternary; and,
in different localities, the geological hor
izon of the producli%-e ntrata' differs in
point of vertical range. In the Puente
Hills and at Los Angeles the oil-yielding
rocks are of Noecene age; these forma
tions were first classed as Pliocene, on ac
count of the numerous Pliocene fossils
found in them.
"On the south side of the valley of the
Santa Clara River, in Ventura and Los
Angeles counties the principal oil-yielding
formations probably range from the Neo
cene to the Miocene.
"On the north side of the valley of the
Santa Clara River, In Ventura County,
there is evidence of petroleum in rocks
ranging from the upper .Neocene to tho
lower Eocene formations; the productive
formation ranging from the Miocene to
the uppermost portion -of the Eocene. .
"In the foothills west of Bake.rsfield. In
Kern County, petroleum Is found in for
mations ranging from the Eocene to the
Neocene, and heretofore classed as Plio
cene; but the oil-yielding formations,
which have been tested by drilling, arc
supposed to be of Miocene age.
"Natural gas and oil have also been ob
tained in the foothills of the Sierras, east
of Bakersfield. the formation being either
cf Pliocene or of Neocene ape.
"In Fresno County and Kings County
there are exudations of petroleum from
rocks of Miocene age. but the petroleum
yielding formation near Coalinga. in Fres
no County, which has recently proved very
remunerative, appear to be of Eocene age.
The geological horizon of the oil yielding
rocks at Moody Gulch. Santa Clara Coun
ty has never been determined. Some oil
has also been obtained on the Tunltas
and the Purlssima creeks, in San Mateo
County, from wells which penetrate strata
which' are probably of Eocene age. North
of San Francisco petroleum yielding for
mations crop out along the coast at Boll
nas Bay and at Point Arena. At these
places the exposed rocks are either of
Pliocene or of Neocene age. In Humboldt
Countv several wells have been drilled
from which some oil has been obtained,
the rocks penetrated being either of Plio
cene or of Neocene age. On Bear Creek,
Totals 2.S77.S73 t2.S60.7n
Last year there were produced In Cali
fornia 15.060 tons of asphalt, valued at
$308,120; bituminous rock. 40.321 tons, val
ued at $116,097: and 113.110.000 cubic feet of
natural gas \alued at $95,000 The ccm
btned values of California petroleum, as
phalt, bituminous rock and natural gas in
1F99 were t3.18O.029.
The value of the annual product of hy
drocarbons and prases In California In
creased from J19.S5S In 1879 ta $3,180,030 in
1899.
Records of Some Counties.
The oil product of California by coun
ties during the year 1309 was as follows:
Counties— Barrels. Value ¦
Fresno (Coallnjra field) 433.372 f 430.37T
Kern 15.000 li&ij
1-rfM Angeles 1.409.S5« 1. 409. 3S»"j
Orange 108.177 VKfT7
Santa Barbara 203,370 191.2S?
Santa Clara ..-. 1.530 S.Odi
Ventura 43«.20O 4K2O
"Nearly all the oil fields which at this
writing contribute to the petroleum pro
duct of California are situated below the
seventeenth township line south of Mount
Diablo. The productive oil fields in the,
portion ofHhe State referred to are dis
tributed as follows: In the .foothills of
the Sierras near the eastern extremity
of the San Joaquin Valley; on the east
ern slope of one of the coast ranges
which forms the western boundary of the
San Joaquin Valley, and in other localities
of the coast ranges which traverse Santa
Barbara. Ventura, Los . Angeles and
Orange counties.
"It must not be supposed that the oil
vlelding formations are confined to tho
localities enumerated, for they constitute
a large portion of the mountains compos-
Ing the coast rango system. Moreover,
in many places they form the bedrock be
neath the alluvium of the valley land. It
does not necessarily follow that wherever
these oil-yielding formations are found
they contain oil in valuable quantities any
more than coal-measures always contain
valuable beds of coal; but It is a reason
able conclusion that there are in Califor
nia numerous area3 through which 'these
formations extend wherein. new oil fields
will be discovered. This conclusion applies
not only to the portions of California de
scribed in this bulletin, but also to a
large portion of the State -which lies be
tween the foothills of the Sierras and the
Pacific Ocean."
will hold one and one-half gallons of
petroleum oil; a volume of sand equal
to an acre and one hundred feet in thick
ness will hold, in round numbers, 6,600,000
gallons of -petroleum, or 167,005 barrels, so
It is possible for a small— very small—
area of oil territory to produce a large
amount of oil."
An application of this may be made
when the area of tho Kern River district
is estimated by Mi. Cooper at fifteen
square miles and the oil sand is found by
him to be one hundred feet thick there.
There is in press a work by Professor
"Watts cf the State Mining Bureau on the
petroleum industry in California in which
he reviews the leading geographical and
geological facts thus far ascertained con
cerning the occurrence of petroleum In
California and also' the character of the
oil-yielding formations and their relations
to one another. He writes in part as fol
lows:
In Cplusa County, gas and oil are found in
rocks of cretaceous age. It Is reported
that in some .places petroleum is found
permeating eruptive or other crystalline
rocks. At Stockton, in San Joaquin Coun
ty, natural gas is obtained in remuner
ative quantities from wells permeating
strata of quatenary age. At Marysvllle
Buttes. In the Sacramento Valley, natural
gas is found in rocks of Eocene age. There
are several places in the Sacramento and
San Joaquin valleys where wells are yield
ing sufficient natural gas to be of local
value. v
ILLUSTRATIVE INSTANCE OF CLUSTERING OF. DERniCKS UPON LANDS IN THE KERN RIVER FIELD,
WHERE PROCEEDINGS ARE ACTIVE. THE COLLECTION IN THIS CASE BEING THE PROPERTY OF ONE
COMPANY THAT IS TAKING OUT MUCH OIL.
The Oil City Derrick's monthly oil re
port for November of operations in the
Eastern ol 1 fields showr a decrease In -the
number of wells completed- and In produc
tion, a gain Jn rigs but a falling off in
drilling wells. A lower market has exer
cised a somewhat depressing effect upon
operation? Ir. smal! territory, when* snnta
decline is noticeab!e for the past month
but this was more than counterbalanced
by a decided gain In the work under wav
in the various district* of the southwest
In the P?nsylvanJa. Buc!ceve an& Ihdi
tna flf Ida there was a total of li>w wells
completed Of these. 223 were reported
dry. and the production of *rre succe3!»<«a
Is siven as 17,950 barrels. This is a "loss
In completed w-lls of 173. a decrease in the
number of failures of 17. and a falling
off In new production of 215» barrels. No
vember 30 there were in th<» same districts
630 rigs, as arrair.st 597 October 31. and
105.1 wells drill'nc". as a«rainst 1094 the pre
vious month. The totals show 16P3 rigs
and wells drilling November 20. a<» com
pared with lfm October 31. Jr a net d»
crease of eipht.
Industry in the East.
cf this State Is centered.
Huge manufacturing plants are using the
crude liquid fluid in preference to coal.
Locomotives are puffins up and down
mountain crades and across the fertile
valleys and arid plains with oil as the mo
tive "force. Tank steamers are trans
porting petroleum from port to rrnnery.
Pipe lines» hundreds of miles in length in
the aggregate, are employed to carry the
product of wells to distant points. Foun
dries and machine shops are running on
full 'ime to provide the necessary appli
ances and. repairs That the progress of
The proud young industry may not falter.
Refineries "are coining money by convert
inc grades of the earth oil into an article
oomrr.anding.a higher market price and by
utiilzing the products.
Men in all parts of the State are talk
ing about millions of barrels oi oil and
millions r.f dollars to be realized from the
oil industry. Conservative men, amon?
Them the Mineralogist of the State. A. S.
Cooper, are predicting that the returns
•wlil be like a gnlden shower in the near
future. MineraJogist Cooper says that a
few years will make the California oil
product of greater value annually to the
State than the gold output.
From week to week this paper has pub
lished current news concerning discoveries
and manv matters relating to the varied
interests connected with the petroleum in
dustry of California- The?o have given
pllinpses of the various nelds and thou
pands of readers have weekly looked for
this Information. Within the past year
the greatest development h?s been north
of Tehachapi. in the fruitful fields of the
central valleys of California, in the San
Joaquin Valley. Ei:couraped by the re
inarkable successes In the Kern River and
< ther districts, prospectors in a "-core o f
northern counties have gone afield, hav
ing In view not only that in the early
days oil was supposed to be as plentiful
In the north as in any other portion of
the Stale, but also observant of the out
givings of the State Mining Bureau con
cerning the geological indications favor
able to the existence of a much vaster
area of oil-bearing territory than has yer
been opened up by the prospector and the
operator for gain.
The general opinion of ail observers who
have considered how the original bounds
cf oil fields, as the\' were at first conceiv
ed to be limited, have expanded, is that
the industry is. as has so often been re
marked. Ftill in its infancy. It follows
r.aturally that when all the oil has been
pumped crut of any field, its value is lost
for that purpose. But It Is difficult to set
any time at which exhaustion of the sub
terranean wealth may be accomplished.
"There are wells in the southern portion of
California that have been pumping con
tinuously for thirty years and are still
yielding an income to their owners. More
over, the State Mineralogist calls atten
tion to a fact that is of the highest sig
nificance if his theory of the formation
Hnd deposition of petroleum is. correct.
On this point it is necessary to say that
the Mineralopolst has been studying the
Held fnr many years and is conversant
with fact? in the other oil-yielding areas
cf the world which have a bearing on the
_ r L'NDREDS of derricks stand
r% |S on the hills and in the
j £ canyons of California bear
>1 I ing testimony to the reality
3 * of the gigantic petroleum
X - a. industry in which the inter
est of thousands of citizens
The careless observer may never have |
noticed that these ranges are entirely dis
similar to the Sierra Nevada Mountains.
The latter are of granitic build, while the
Coast Range mountains and hills are de
void of granite, being composed of shale,
sandstone and fossillferous conglomer
ate, the three principal factors In oil
bearing formations everywhere in the
world. As there must be natural reser
voirs In the shape of sandstone overlaid
with; shale, It is evident" that oil could
not he expected to be present In all places
where the formation Is favorable, and
thus It Is that the great belt reaching
through the State Is not uniformly rich
in oil. which is found only in small pools
or belts.
Moreover, oil tends to rise to the sur
face, as it Is always under greater or less
pressure In the rocks, and it Is very possi
ble that where the most evidence of oil la
found on the surface the least will be
found in the ground; though experience
In California has shown that this is not
the rule to be depended on. It is simply
a factor which enters Into the problem of
locating oil. The oil belt of California is
thus of Immense proportions. • • • The
belt has an- average length of about 600
miles and an average width of 70 miles,
thus giving an area of about 42,000 square
miles or about 27.000,000 acres. In which
the formation Is favorable for the finding
A rough estimate Is made that there are
now 2500 oil wells Ir. California. Another
rough but approximately correct estimate
is that the output of these wells this year
will amount to 3.000,000 barrels, or three
auarters of a million barrels more than
were produced in this State In 1S99. The
Kern River field has made up a large
share of this Increase, for the wells of
Los Angeles will not probably be found to
have produced as much this year as tb*y
"Beginning down in Mexico at some un
located point, there is a biturn'mjus beU
which extends along the entire Pacific
Coast as far as Alaska. In some places
this Is manifest In the form of coal, and In
others as gas or oil. It is true that in
many places there is neither oil nor coal
in considerable quantities in evidence. out
the formation In which bitumens are
found Is continuous, and the absence of
oil is due to the fact that there was no
provision for Its retention !n the rocks.
This belt enters California In San Diego
County, passes by Elslnore and Riverside.
Fullerton and Los Angeles, whence it
reaches the various ranges of hills and
mountains which bear the collective name
of the Coast Range, though many of the
ranges have Independent designations.
These mountains are generally formed
into five or six parallel ranges, and ex
tend far beyond the northern confines of
the State.
ALL. the surmises and predic
tions that the sc!entist3 make
are likely to be verified or
otherwise In the not distant
future, for prospecting for
has never been
.„ carried on in California In sj
great an area a? at present. An article
written by Edgar F. Howe for the Los
Angeles Herald has many -Interesting
points concerning the area of the oil oe.t
of California. This is in part as follows:
did last year. The Los Angeles Herald
editorially estimates that "the immediate
rat* of production Is running between 4,
000,000 and 5,000,000 barrels per year."
The oi! wells of California are compar
atively shallow, he says. In this they re
semble the wells originally drilled in othrr
parts of the world. Ultimately the for
eign wells have betn sunk lower. Ac
cordingly they have become more fruitful
In the lower levels and the true profit haa
accrued from the greater depths. So, in
his opinion, will it bo in California. Speak
inp of Lcs Angeles, where the wells are
very thickly placed and have shown a
falling on.' in product, Mr. Cooper says
that probably there would be no trouble
in securing even greater supplies than
have thus far been realized there by go".ng
lower for it. So it would be all over the
St;Ue. Taking that view of the case the
oil supply of California cught to fce in
exhaustible so far as the present genera
tion of men is concerned. How large is
the oil bearing- afea of California?
This Is a question that is commonly
asked, and it is a leading one in con
sidering what amount of oil wealth thertf
may be really in store for the State, di
rectly from the value of the petroleum
produced when offered for saic in the
market r.nd not considering the greater
value that may i»os>lbly arise as a re
sult of the industry in the revolution of
manufacturing conditions and the multi
plication of new establishments, due to
the adequate and reliable supply of
cheap fuel from the wells.
Pcitions. of an article written by Minen
a'.cgist Cooper, published in the Mining
anO Engineering Review, answer? this.
"In California." writes the mineralogist,
"these unaltered rocks cover an area of
»0,000 square miles, all of which, contain
bitrmens in greater or less quantity.
• ¦ • • , Bitumens may be found in all
tho unaltered rocks from metamorphic
ar.d igneous rocks, clear up to the sur
face of the earth. All the evidence In
the Held shows this to be true, as bitu
mens are found in eolian sands on the
Sar.ta Barbara Channel near Point Sa
linas, and in all the sedimentary rocks
underlying the surface of the earth until
metamorphic rocks are reached. Covering
a large port of California Is an immense
bapin, shaped like an elongated oval. The
upper part of the basin is known as the
Sacramento Valley and the lower portion
as the San Joaquin Valley. The basin is
about four hundred miles in length and
about eighty miles wide. Forming the
northeast side of the basin is the Sierra
Nevada Range of mountains. The Coast
Range, lying along the ocean, forms" the
southwest rim of the basin. The Coast
Range consists of a series of more or less
parallel anticli'nical ridges, broken by
transverse passes and separated by syn
clinal valleys. These ridges may be pro
longed for a few miles only or may ex
tend for hundreds of miles."
question cf the lasting qualities of the oil
fields of California.
Forty Thousand Square Milrs Holding in
Keeping Promise of Golden Gains for
Eager tiands of the S -ekers of Oil.
MYRIADS OF TEEMING
ACRES YIELD WEALTH
CALIFORNIA BELT IS
LONG AS THE STATE
Covers Vast Area in Its Course Between
Republic o? Mexico and Frozen Fields
of the Far Off Alaskan Peninsula.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CAI/L, V SUNDAY, DECEMBER 16, 19OO.
34
THE development of crude oil in the State of California is no longer
an experiment. It has been demonstrated that petroleum exists in
large quantities in many parts of our^ State, and at this time.it looks
as if. the development and production of oil would overshadow, every
other industry in the State of California.,
OIL CITY and the adjacent territory, situated near Coalinea. in
Fresno County, California, and especially Section 28, lying adjacent to ,
Oil City, is too well known to need more' than to call the attention of the
reader merely to its location. It is now a well-known fact that Section
28 is at this time one of the best, if not the very. best*, oil producing sec
tions in the State of California.
SECTION 28: The- Independence Oil Company, which was the pio
neer in developing this Section; has forty acres of land and now has four
producing wells and the fifth in oil, is now shipping in the neighborhood
of 300 barrels of oil per day. The "28" Oil Company, also in this Sec
tion, has three producing wells. The Oil City Petroleum Company, also
located in this Section, has three producing wells, and each of above
mentioned Companies is pushing the /work of development with all pos
sible speed, and \vithin\twelve months from now without a question each
of said Companies will be producing not less than 1000 barrels per day.
It has been demonstrated beyond doubt that "underlying the whole of
Section 28 is an almost inexhauM'ble supplv of petroleum.
THE CALIFORNIA ROCK-OIL COMPANY, to which we desire
to direct the attention of the reader, controls 80 acres of said Section 28.
location of which can be determined by reference to map herein. The
Company began to develop this territory about the first of Tulv. 1000. and*
in October struck the first oil sand at. 1030 feet depth, which proved to be
as prolific as any first strata of sand encountered on said Section. The well
is now being finished, and the Company expects at an early date to have
a paying output from Well No. 1. > ¦;..•¦
PIPE LINE: As an evidence of the enormous output of oilfrom
Section 28, the Union Oil Company at an expense of more than $30,000
built : a four-inch pipe line running from the center of Section 28 to Orb
Station, the nearest railroad point to said Section, and large tanks of oil
are daily emptied into this pipe line and conveyed to the railroad sta
tion, where other large tanks are located to .receive the oil. from .which
it is conducted into oil tank cars.
BIG PANOCHE AND CONTRA COSTA "DISTRICTS: The.
Company also has other territory in other oil-bearing sections of the State,
the most prominent of which are 700 acres in Big Panoche District. Sa f «
Benito County, and 80 acres in Contra Costa County. These latter prop
erties it is the. intention of the Company to hold for the time being,
while devoting all its time and money to the development of its territory
in Section 28.
AN EXCELLENT INVESTMENT: The Company has already
expended some $15,000 in building roads, buying machinery and casing
and drilling Well Np. 1. It is the intention of the Company to sell a lim
ited amount of stdck in order to continue tl*c ; development work, and
this stock for the time, being is sokl to the present stockholders and out
siders alike at the low price of 20 cents per share.
The Company having at this time passed the experimental ; stage,
purchase of this stdck mav be regarded as an investment and.' not as a
speculation. Its lands in Section 28 are proven/as oil bearing lands, and
expenditures on same will in a short time produce solendid returns. Par- •
ties desirous of investing in oil <tock would do well to consider' the fore
going facts and invest in a company that has! proven lands, thousands
of dollars^ worth of machinery and well casing and a well already over a
thousand'feet deep and in oiKsand. rather than speculate in some oil
company that. is still htit "on paper."
The officers and Directors of the Conipany are: Duncan Hayne,
President:. William Craig. Vice President": Victor F. Seawell. Secretary-
C. J. Tallon. J. P. E. Heintz. D. T. C. Perkins. M.E. Stanford: Union
Trust Company, Treasurer. v ¦•.','¦'•',' : "
The stock mav be purchased through our ; authorized agents or ;at 'the'
office. of the CALIFORNIA ROCK-OIL COMPANY.
SECBETAItY'S OFFICE— 616 Hearst Building, S. FT, Cal. ,
Map Showing Location of California Bock-Oil Company's Property.
SAX FRANCISCO. CAL.
Booms 311, 312, 3!3, Hearst (Fnnlnsr) Bu'.lding,
Contra Costa Oil Petroleum ComDany
The Company will dispose of a limited number of
shares if taken at once at twenty-five (25) cents per
As shown by the map, the Company controls over
1500 acres, whicli is almost at the very door of San
Francisco and within easy reach of tide water.
The Contra Costa Oil & Petroleum Company are
very much elated over their prospects, and should they
strike oil in paying quantities it will give an impetus to
the oil business of this State which can scarcely be con-
ceived of by the most sanguine.
There are now fifteen or twenty companies who
are doing development work in this district, and any
one of them may make a strike at any time. The Contra
Costa Oil & Petroleum Company, whose map and hold-
ings we print in this issue, are making rapid progress in
their development work. At a depth of 350 feet they
struck a strong flow ot gas and which has continued to
increase in volume as the drill goes down. At this writ-
ing the company's well is down 450 feet, and they are
now in a blue shale which seems to be identical with the
shale formation encountered in Section 28,. at Coalinga.
and which would indicate that underlying this shale will
be found oil deposits.
Contra Costa County is looked to now as being one
of the most probable oil sections where actual discov-
eries in paying quantities have not been made, but from
every indication it may not be long until a new oil dis-
trict will be opened up in Contra Cpsta County that
may surpass anything yet discovered. Some of the best
experts have asserted that there is every indication of
large oil deposits along the Eastern Range of foothills
in Contra Costa Count v.
Rooms 311, 312, 313, Hearst (Examiner) .Building,
SAN FRANCISCO, GAL.
TELEPHONE— BtrSH 1S2.
OIL AND PETROLEUM COMPANY.
Par Value, SI.09 Fach.
Capital Stock, 500,000 Shares
R. G. DEAN.
DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS:
L. R. MEAD President
C M. BELShJAW Vice President
FRANK McGOWAN Secretary
R. HARKiNSON ....' ....Treasurertion concerning the growth of the petro
leum industry during the past few weeks
there la no relaxation of the energy which
characterized the - movements of the
operators earlier In the year. Last month
approximately 200 new wells began were
completed and over 650 new wells were
being sunk.
WHAT ONE DISTRICT
IS LIABLE TO YIELD
"Wonderful Region About Kern Kiver
Estimated to Contain Fully Ona ,
Billion Barrels.
It la believed that before the end of the
coTni»g*yeat^the -ctaat development in the
Kern River field and other J5elds« win car
ry the production close to lO.OOO.W Barrels
per year. . '-
The State Mineralogist figures out that
the Kern River field alone should produce
1.000,000,000 barrels of oil in due time. He
Is also of the opinion, as he said net long
ago in an interview that was published in
The Call and has been extensively copied,
that there are other districts that prom
ise, geologically, as well as the famous
district on the Kern River. .
The Deepest Well.
The deepest well In the Kern River field
Is the Senator, having been completed at
a depth of 1123 feet. The lower twenty-six
feet only will be perforated, that portion
of the hole being in a light brown oil, In
order to determine Its value. r - , ; >
«... Monterey County Locations.
Thirteen oil locations were flled for rec
ord at Salinas last Saturday. The lanrt
coverd by these claims Is located In Vine
yard Canyon on the Irausdale. side thereof.
—Salinas Messenger.
GLIMPSE AT THE COALINGA FIELD, WITH CHARACTERISTIC TO
POGRAPHY OF LANDS OVERLYING THE DEPOSITS OF PETRO
LEUM THAT HAVE BEEN PROVED TO BE RICH.
•r — i — —
sixties.. There is a great deal of the ter
ritory that has not been worked over.
The Ventura County fields are on higher
hills than are any other t»il fields In the
State. •• Santa Paula has sX>- miles of pipe
lines centered in !t, which bring; In oil
from othec portions of the county. Stor
age capacity. fcr a vast' quantity of oil is
- /
that he does not care to- share with the
general public— Paso Robles Record. ¦
State's Third Mineral Value.
Petroleum- was the tbird mineral prod
uct of California in value in 1899. Gold
was first, J15.S56.031; "copper was second,
J3.P90.534; petroleum, $2,660,793.
LAKE OF OIL IN THE KERN RIVER FIELD, SHOWING REFLECTION
OF DERRICK IN OLEAGINOUS FLUID THAT HAS RECENTLY
FLOWED FROM SANDS IN LARGE QUANTITY.
NATITRALLY where a «ood
discovery of oil has Been
maue a fi'>ld has been estab
lished. Thus it Is that th»
greal oil interests are from
time to time centered In cer
tain localities, one company
\ following another to the
j'lare of discovery and exploiting the soil
for all there is In it. But every district
baj had Its initial discovery, its begin
ning. The fact that all districts have
been the resu't of development lends rea
sonable" hope to all prospectors and this
it is that has led to prospecting from one
tnd of the State to the other. Much has
l*e«8 eaid concerning the districts that at
tireserit are better known than others.
Nevertheless, a general description of
them cannot fail to be interesting.
Fim of all in imoortance is trie Kern
River district. That there is oil in that
county has been known since ISO; when
surface indications were observed. It tnui
as late e« April, 1833. when the discovery
was made that has caused the section t:>
become famous. J. K. Ellwood was the
discoverer. It was known that there were
oil seepages along the banks of the Kern
River. E'.lwood Dored & water well ani
eoon came to oil. There is a fertile spot
surrounding the place where the discov
*-ry was made and a family named Means
lived .on this for years. Soon after the
discovery the property was sold for $30,
000 and the work of exploring for oil was
fairly bfjrun. Investigation determined
that there were thousands of tries in the
vicinity, -within a radius of a few miles,
That wAre-Juet as rich as the Means farm.
Thff news traveled rapidly. Large
of money had come to the oil
The work of development was begun in
section 3. 2S south. 28 east, close to the
site of Ellwood's original discovery. Next
the work went into the township adjoin
ing. There were a few failures to find
oil,' but the number of successes was so
much greater than the failures that the
name of Kern River, district soon.be
came familiar in all the households of the
State. One company there now has an
output of £000 barrels per day. Two
companies are working for the supply t>f
the Southern Pacific Company and the en
tire outpiJt of one of these companies has
been contracted for by the railway peo-
Land was cheap, the price per acre be
ing then merely nomtnal. Less than a
year after the opening of the field thou
sands of dollars are asked for an acre i;i
certain localities. There was a wild rush.
Bakersfield hotels were and are still
overcrowded with the strangers entering
the oil country to Eee what might be
done. No one knew what the limits of
the field were. In fact, no one knows
fhat yet. Derricks began to dot the hills
In all directions. - All the State took a
cnance in the organization of companies.
Los Angeles people were among the
throng of prospectors and investors and
they brought capital, experience and
trained observation to the consideration
of the real value of the new locations.
To-day in the opinion of observers it
has a chance to develop Into the foremost
oil field of the world. The estimates pre
viouslv quoted as having been made by
the State Mineralogist are adduced as
some evidence on that highly interesting
point.
men of Los Angeles and Ventura counties
as the result of their earlier work. . There
was everything to lure the enterprising
to the Kern River district.
THIS SCENE IS IN THE McKITTRICK DISTRICT, SHOWING THE GEN
ERAL CHARACTER OF THE COUNTRY AND OPERATIONS THAT
ARE NOW IN PROGRESS. . /
. San Miguel has the oil fever and the oil
fever stems to have San Miguel. Oil men
are frequent 1 visitors to the town, going
and coming incognito, in that silent say
nothing manner which ! charcterizes the
oil man who thinks he has a good thing
San Miguel Has Fever.
Prior, to 1S7*>* the ;estimated " oil "produc
tion of California amounted to only 175,
800 barrels in total. The million-barrel
mark was first passed In 1895. Since then
the 3nnual growth Is indicated by the fol
lowing: 1896, 1.27.2.777 barrels; 1837, 1,903,411
barrels; 1893, 1,23720" barrels; 1S99 2,292,123
barrels.
Increasing the Product.
Sunset district has been more fully, de
veloped than have the others named. It
has been known for a Secade. .Jewett &
Blodgett began' to ship asphaltum to
Eastern cities 'for paving about 18911
There were many - surface -indications" of
petroleum, but the district was without
transportation facilities. . The .oil , men
did not find it alluring ; until after the
Kern River discoveries had demonstrated
the richness of Kern County in mineral
oil. In 1839 Jewett & Blodgett began to
exploit for oil largely. In a general way
thft district resembles the Kern River dis-
trlct more than it does the McKiurick.
The oil men think that there are but
slight breaks in the belt of oil sand be
tween the Sunset, McKlttrlck and Temb
lor. One concern in the Sunset district
has twenty wells producing, one of
which Is a spouter. The principal diffi
culty connected with the district in the
lack of railway accommodation. All sup- :
plies and material are hauied twenty,
miles. At least fifty companies are
operating In the Sunset field. The boun
daries are uncertain.
The Temblor district has the appearance
of an active field, but has not yet become
a producer to any large extent. It lies
some miles from the railroad. One com
pany claims to have a 200-barrel well in
the district. This is another new district
which had several disadvantages to con
tend with at the outset, the principal ones
being lack of transportation and lack of
water.
The Midway field Is between the McKit
trlck and Sunset fields. Companies are
there. It is a new district. Railroad facil
ities are needed and are hoped for In the
near future.
The McKittrick field was originally
opened, like the Sunset district, for Its as
| nhaltum. and a branch line was built in
by the Southern Pacific Company to car
ry that product: The oil excitement of the
Kern * River district discoveries caused an
Influx of prospectors for petroleum. Fine
wells were developed, bringing up the
daily product, as estimated, to five car
loads. The railway company has found
enough business in the district to compel
a daily service In lieu of a weekly train
service. Milton McWhorter has the credit
of drilling the first successful well in Mc-
Kittrick.
Frecno County boasts of ¦ several oil
fields, these being the Coalinga, Kreyen
hagen. Alcalde and Kettleman. Coalinga
is better known than the* others. For
tunes have been made iiiere by Chanslor
and Canfield. In fact, they there got the
ftart that enabled them to operate In the
Kern River district extensively. The oil
that has been produced hag come from
three sections of land In township 19 south,
range 15 east, Mount Diablo meridian.
The wells are In the foothills, and the
country is rueged. but tanks and pipe
lines have solved the problem of moving
j the oil. Nearly forty producing welle are
in operation. The estimated output of
the Coalinga field Is 40,000 barrels per
month.
The Kreyenhagen district lies about
twenty-two miles southeast from Coalin
ga.. Three companies are engaged in de^
velopment- ¦work there. Other companies
have rigs on the ground. The main body
of oil has not been located. The Alcalde
Glimpses of Regions Where Pros
pectors and Operators Are
Busily Engaged.
In Kern County are also the Sunset,
Temblor and McKittrick districts. The
OTHER SECTIONS HAVE
MANY FRUITFUL WELLS
Judge Wellborn Rules.
In an oplhion . handed down by Judge
Wellborn, the court': held that equity
would not permit either party to despoil
the property while its title was being de
termined in the land office. • The defend
ants were not to be prevented from mak
ing such explorations .as would enable
them to overcome, if they could, the prima
facie evidence as to the character of the
land as determined' by the Government
survey. Comsetfuently both parties are in
possession of the land'. The .petroleum
company puts scrip on the land and will
now have to wait until the land office
settles this scrip question. / »:". :
Starting From Smell Beginnings but Now
Astonishing the Country' With Output
From Lands Lately Thought Worthless.
LEADING DISTRICTS
SHOW WAY TO OTHERS
Ventura County contains the Adams,
Torrey. Santa Paula. Sespe, Little Sespe,
Bardsdale, Piru, Buckhorn. Nigger Can
yon and Hoper Canyon fields. N .Vork has
been done 5n the oil fields of - Ventura
County for the past thirty-five years.
One well has produced steadily since the
¦The Puente district fs operated by the
Puente Oil Company, which furnishes fut-l
to the Chlno sugar factory. Operations
there date back about fifteen years. The
Whittier Held is on high hills and In can
yons. One company owns 27,000 acres of
land in the district.
' Oil was ' discovered in the ' Pico Canyon
in the Newhall district in 1875.-; Since then
operations in the district have quite stead
ily advanced. In the Newhall field are
alpo the Elsmere and Wiley canyons. Oil
Is piped from the canyons to Ventura to
be brought to San Francisco Bay to be
refined. Wells thai produce . "white oil"
are found in Placerita Canyon in the
Newhall district.
The districts, south of Tehachapi have
been : written of so often and have been
so long exploited r that the facts concern
ing them are of general knowledge. Los
Angeles County cqntains the greater; num
ber of districts of any southern county.
These are the "Los Angeles City field,
which may yet be extended by prospectors
considerably beyond the -present limits,
and also ' the Puente, AVhittier and New-'
hnll districts. The Los Angeles City field
has a record ot production by years as
follows: 18fl3, 100.000 barrels; 1894, 400.000
barrels;-. 1S95, 900,000 barrels; 1896 1,200,000
barrels; 1897,- 1,400 ,00i) barrels; 1898, 1,182,000
barrels; 1899, 1,200,000 barrels. If the out
put of the present year in Los .Angeles
should equal the outpu^ of/last year the
total production of the city field -for the
term from 1893 to 1900. Inclusive of both
years, will amount to 7,5^0,000 barrels ap
proximately. Since the beginning about
1400 wells have been drilled in Los Angela
City, of which about 7C0 are now produc
ing. .-J. v :
district is four miles west from Coalinga.
The Kettleman Js fifteen miles southeast
from Coalinga. There are outcropplngs
of sand and seepages ' in sight. ' Fifteen
companies are at work searching there for
the petroleum.. Oil. has " been struck -in
the Alcalde district. •
pie for a term of five years. At first
the attempts at exploitation were more
about the edges of the field than in the
middle, but since then the .development
has taken in all portions. Near the river
are still the heaviest workings. Two
companies have together more than fifty
wells and these are produclng^from 25 to
75 barrels each per day when pumping.
There are 100-barrel wells in the field.
There are oil bonanza.-* as well as bonan
zas in quartz. The Kern River district
is near the city of Bakersfleld, in Kern
County. The land is rolling and hilly for
the most part, with some small valleys.
A desert waste has been awakened by
great activity, which Is on the increase.
The average daily output is 12,000 barrels.
provided by tanks. The recently-organ
ized Eard Oil and %A.sphalt Company will
exploit Senator Bard's property on Sul
phur mountain. . , , : ¦'<¦
The oil developments In Santa Barbara
County have been more largely at Sum
merland.- There are many- wells that are
supported by wharves projecting into the
ocean. The wells are comparatively shal
low. They have proved to be remunera
tive, and have demonstrated the existence
of oil sheds under the Pacific,
It is not possible to mention the smaller
fields in detail.' What has previously.been
said applies to them collectively. They
are in the beginning stages, but with ex
cellent prospects in many Instances for
future greatness and Individual profit.
DERRICKS ARE ARISING IN THOUSANDS
MARKET IS ASSURED
FOR TOTAL PRODUCT
Supply of Cheap Fuel Is Causing Change
in Manufacturing Establishments and
Also in the Furnaces of Locomotives.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 16; > 1900. .
THERE are several leading
considerations that assure a
steady market for all the pe
troleum that can be produced
In this State, which is a fact
of importance to the oil pro
. ducers. One Is that the great
• railway companies doing bus
iness. in this State are transforming the
locomotives on their iroada to use oil in
their furnaces instead ' oi coal. Another
is that there are many large^tpanufactur
ing concerns" that are taking the same
course to supply power. There arejarge
refining plants on the shores of San Fran
cisco Bay and elsewhere In the State
where oils that are adapted to U9e lor H-"
luminants arc treated.
A comparison of the consumption of fuel
oil with that of coal shows that 3.22 bar
rels of oil are equivalent to one ton or
good imported coaL Figuring oil at U 40
per barrel and coal at $7 50 per ton in San
Francisco, it shows the. cost of oil to be
J4 66 as against $7 50 for its equivalent In
coal. Moreover the labor required to op
erate with coal Is far greater than with
oil, In most cases being nearly double.
The perfect cleanliness of oil fuel ana
the ease and simplicity of supply and
regulation make It a most desirable sub
stitute for coal. As long as coal remains
at $7 50 per ton in California, it cannot be
expected that oil will fall far below its
present price, at least not for some time
to come.
In the year 1S99 there were imported
Into the State of California 1.740.027 tons
of coal. To supplant thl9 6.794,278 barrels
of oil will be required. As the supply be
comes greater the uses of fuel oil will
also multiply and coatinually Increase the
demand for the fuel. -¦
. According to the returns received by
the California Petroleum Miners' Assoela-
35
OOOCOOOOCOOOCOCOOSG33OCe©COOOOOOOOC©O«O©0OOOO ©
i HOLLISTER |]
O ' O I
q ncOORPORATET> r?a5ER THE LAWS OF ARIZONA, SEPTEMBER Ttb. MOO. £ <
• LOCATION OP PSOPEBTY— Four Miles South of HoUister, Sen O i
® Benito County, California. % \
g CAPITALIZATION S500.000 Numbr cf Shares 500.000. • J
e Par Value SI. 00 Per Share: Stock Non-Asssssable. © <
o ... ¦ .-• © <
A Th# dtr.par.v ha» erected all machlnerr and . necessary appliances on its property © I
X near HoIliEter ind will commence drilling the first week in January next. On the a (
X north of ite lande. near Par»retiu Station, are a number <if pumping wells, and half a X ,
© mile to the south is the 8aa Benito County Oil Companies well, now drilling ana down «* j
O r -16 t**X± ta Mac 'sTale, beliwed by various expe-rts to cap the first oil eand. This is © '
A rlainly evident, as the ewapin* ca* le Ftrong enhugh to serinusly interfere with the A I
2 comfort of the driller*. The Jsuds are eurrounded by properties belonging to oth.-r ft .
™ coir.iwr.iei' about to commence operations, and the Holliyter District will enon become J* .
• as famous a« the Kern River and McKittrick Districts, with the distinction in its favor t? *
0 cf being c*ax the gr*ax oil consuming industries of the Ppreckels eugar reflnerles and « <
5 "a. of thi» stock at It* present price- can make no mistake. Financially -s ,
• this enmpany is second to none In the State. It has all necessary machinery and is g
O managed by capable business men. 2
A - It» stc<-k is certain to crcatly increase in vaJue when the various comnanles in Q (
JJ th* district near our property reach oil. No promotion stock being on the market, the q ,
• money from inv»t>tore which would otherwife be diverted in that channel, will go to- g.
© ward" increasing the comoaJiy'" property in \alue. •-* JJ
tt It will take the output of innumerable wells to satisfy the present demand. The gj (
X saviiir on the cost of transportation le an advantage of no mean consequence. FrelKht q (
9 rates are much lower from Hollister to San Jo*e. Santa Clara. Pan Francisco and Oak-
© land than from anv otber oil-producing section In the State. JJ
O In Ardlnary e\erj'-day experience a man's expenses nearly equals his income, and he V «
O has little chance to make a turn for the bettermrnt of his condition while we offer Q ,
2 h" 11^opportunity to make tlOM or more on an invstment made now -of only: 1100. Thi. 4 ,
® i» any one'* opportunity. Any information desired will be given at the office. J (
I HOLUSTER CRUDE OIL COMPANY, Limited, I :
• C. J. TALLON, President and Manager, • ]
0 ROOM 16. 308 MARKET STREET, San Francisco. • .
©©••©©•••©••••••••••••••••• 0 ** we ** #g#w *** d * >w '
ol^Trn n 1 1 1 1 ; 11 1 1: : 1 ?:: 1 n n : 1 ntnw m-i-: ¦:¦¦:¦ M'K-h-^ j
f ..COMBINATION PLAN.. |
1 A SPLENDID OPPORTUNITY FOR A 4
t SAFE OIL INVESTMENT.
± ihefr coined E^rdTof nir^tom; eleven separate holdings aggregating 2S80 acre. ¦"-
X of carefully eelected oil lands. ... Y
2 BACHELOR'S OIL COMPANY, V
T DIRECTORS : S. F. Baretow, Geo. Mason, Tyree A. Bell. Ambrose Harris. T
T r jL Hirmon I>r E C. Tlmerman. J. A. BHsp. Carl W. ElfVlng. C. J. Tallon. .J.
: C THREB STATES OIL COMPANY, Limited. J.
DIRDCTOKE: Hon. John H. Shine. W. R. Thomas, Ambrose ;Htrri«. Hon. E.
2 -p colran E S Tutt. XT; I. Plxle»-. ¦ I. ». Paulson. M. F. Levy. T. A. Bell. 4.
X SECTION 6 OIL COMPANY. X
•3- Tvrr>*-rr<-mfi- H L*cy. "W- H. Bhafer. C. E.: Tyree A'-'BeH; Arahrwe Harris. 4.
t M. BoThS^n EattSan, D. G. Dexter. Dr. J. de g. Bettencourt. W. T. ».
t BUrSCtC SUNSET VORTEX OIL COMPANY, Limited. *
r.TTiT-r-rnTi*- n C Camrbell. John I>. Oreer. A. H. Brod. Tyree A. Bell, •»•
2 Air.br^fl7a?rirCnarlS 'is. Hanson. W. P. Taylor. Paul RedHeld Lewi.. M. B.;L.
Earrere Thos. 8. Bonneau. 4"
I! ** rrere - 7nos GERMAX i A TRUST CO.. Treasurer 2
II attotin-eTS- H L. Gear. W. T. Baggett and Frank M. Etone. J.
I I AnSwAREPRESEXTATlVE: Hon. C. H. Akers. 2
• ' T£e Z c° TO bi£flo? P^ for cash or bailment purchase of share, should be care- If
I 1 MI pJX l 2L l S, X Th?Sl? ol iSTSSlri in each company cost. $1 55 for the- four 2
II .har^ one^n each company. Multiplv the number of shares to make up the .j.
amount you d^lre to inv»^ f of money in each company gives 19 T
Fhsfe* f S"n » {JtafHt SO in^Mh company. Multiply to make up the amount you T
•• «wl« to invert genf or cai; for circulars and pros.nectuses. t
:: Offices— 611-612-613 Hearst (Examiner) Building, San Francisco, :;
II PHONE-BLACK 91. > s V
w BRUSHES Weak Men and Women
hangers? priWerW. paYnte^eho^factorteeTit*- strength to »exual organ.. Depot. 323 Market.
blemen. tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc '* : ~~ "
Weekly Gall $1.00 uer Year
• v&tiii&ffii^K'ffi 1 czrxn Annct „„ „* £ 1 ~ CL,., fl eo
9 i«H^HHB^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^S * BeC °will soon bc"ad a va e nced to $2.50 per «hare. 99
• tM^BB£aS^3KB&BSBBMaXA§$ A. G. DKARDORFF President. - 25
Q HHBHBSBEBMfif BffliiMWrYTHir -W"^ Wml^'^WTr*TW™^^ l 'BSPSH l J M MEHREIX Vice President VW
9 WSi!iy&&BlryJei>W JOHN CHOICE Secretary. 99
ft ]>BBg%2%%i!2&Q6h& WEI.I^'TARGO PAXK Depository- QA
<» SS^B^f^^^Sa^S^mf&^^^^^^M^^S^^^^^^S^&S^^f^^^^^^i F. A. BERLIN : .....Attorney. # J
J? fejV'.-'^i^ 7 ¦ FEANKLLV PERSON Superintendent Agenda 5 «a
2 J^^^M^^^^^^aS£^j>ife^l^^^^^fe^^^^^^^^^^HBHBiB^^^^^al j. m. merrel-l e. h. Baxter 22
® fc^'-QagyagffiSt-S rqftfc^^follHSiBllgJMS^WOTp^ J -V MILLER F. A. MERLIN W
O i BPEaseKgyligflfrfii^ -- .vifeta^^ j G john choice ••
O y^g^^gg^^B^^^^^^^j^yKi^^El^S^^gf^^^^^^l R. L- RIGDON A. O. DEARDORFP 9Q
'S ¦HHBHlB^'^^'^^'^B^^^^^^^a'^^^^^^^^^^^^^'^^^F^^^^^^^^S Snn Francisco. ' Telephone, South 740. ®®
<9 - |§p»ffi?^-<£.:y^^^^ T - E - POIiLOCK. Arlsora Representative. President Arircma Cen- QQ
' tS 9^^^^^^^^^^^U^MMmm^^K^^^^mm^^m^^^^^^^^^^K^Ot^^^^^Kt^^^^^^^K^9^^^^^^^^^^^m^m^mmm^KB^K^m^^^^^^t^^BCa^^^^^K^^^Km^^^^9^^^t^ tT&l Baillt. Flagstaff, ArixCIlfV. " U
IA :« - »,' ¦ --¦-.¦:Vfr..i?- ' ¦'-¦': '"¦¦'.'-''-. ¦ -'/¦ - ' ¦ •¦ , •,-' ¦' ¦¦•¦--'¦ .¦":»¦¦¦ .- " ¦- ' '•'•, - ¦••;.— • OO
eo«o©e©(j0«o©«ee©o«o©9©©»©®c©®e©©®©o©«oo©©©d ©©©o®®©©©©©©©©©®©®©©©© ©oooeooe©©©©©©©©©©©©©© © ©
0 ¦ - ' &¦
& 1 »
;§ ¦: . .; . ;®
I PORTER & CHENEY, I
SOil Brokers, Not Promoters §
1 530 CALIFORNIA ST. q
S Tel. 6630. 8
{3 Buy and eell Oil Stocks and will dup- w
plicate, if we do not discount any 8
'& prices quoted of any oil stocks ing
Q California. Country correspondence 8
iSJolicited and information given re- g
O f arding any stock or corporation. Q
"» " . T. f
"-¦-.¦¦ ¦ ¦ •*. .•¦.¦•¦.•-. ' • ' " -.- " . ,
DON'T BUY STOCK FROM A COMPANY
UNLESS IT IS IN OIL.
THERE IS TOO MUCH RISK,
We own 640 acres of patented oil land in the McKittrick district
We own a complete Standard drilling rig and casing
We are just buying rig number 2
"Well number 1 is down 930 feet. and in OZL
Well number 2 will be started [ immediately
We have money enough on hand to put down several more wells
You are buying stock with an actual intrinsic value when you buy the
DIAMOND, backed up by REAL ESTATE, MACHINERY and CASH:
Shares No>y 75 Gents.
PRICE ADVANCES TO $1.50 PER SHARE' NEXT MONTH.
.Certificates sent by WelJs-Fargo Express subject to examination, to be paid for
' -. . when received; charges paid by us.
DIAMOND OIL COMPANY
•-..;..;.. 417-418 PARROTT BUILDING,
I 1 - • - ¦ - ; - • ¦¦• ; - ¦ , l_i_:- --'¦¦¦-- - - —'+
SYLVAIN
SALOMON
.^S 5 ©!! Stocks
y.~ ..and..
I 'Securities.
-/U Montgomery St.,
T f SAN FRANCISCO.
Member of
San Francisco Produce Exchange,
Producers' Oil Exchange.
TELEPHONE MAIN 5T73.
I HEADQUARTERS |
X •¦; FOR i X
I! HIGH-GRADE '-'
J OILS, £
'• / PAINTS, . -r
T. VARNISHES. J
I R. N. NASON & CO. I
I 115-117 FRONT ST., ; t
•• SAN FRANCISCO. ••
1 M"I"I- I-M-O
MIDWAY
OIL
COMPANY
• Oregon
Controls 20SO acres ' In the
] SUNSET-MIDWAY
DISTRICT.
Capitalization, $1,000,000.
Par Value Per Share $1.00.
Ten derricks have been erected.
One rig Is now drilling on Section 4.
Township 32-23 East. •.
No stock of this company has been
placed on the market heretofore, the
organizers having subscribed funds
to do this work.
30,000 SHARE 6
AT 5Oc EACH ARE
Now offered to the public, so that
work may be pushed rapidly.
REFERENCES :
LAUD & TILTONBANK, Portland.
Oregon.
CALIFORNIA PETROLEUM MIN-
ERS' ASSOCIATION. Mills Build-
ing. San Frandsoo.
For information address the com-
pany's office.
506 Parrott Bldg.,
SAN FRANCISCO.
;,;^.. . OIL STOCK j
»f«V.=: T - GUARANTEED.
...THE...
FERMOSA
OIL AND INVESTMENT
COMPANY
Has placed on the market 20.000 share?
of Its treasury stock at par value of
%l each, which are absolutely guaran-
teed by the Continental Building and
Loan Association of San Francisco.
The lands are located in the famous
Kern River and Sunset districts and
are thoroughly proven. There ls.no
danger of dry holes.
The officers of the company are:
John P. Albro. A. J. Munton. Frank du
Bols of San Francisco, T. A. Shep-
pard. S. I). Miner of Oakland. Captain
B. E. Whitney and George W. May-
wood of San Diego.
Address
T. A, SHEPPARD, Secretary,
393 PARROTT BUILDING,
SAN FRAXCISCO. CAUThe elected and appointed officers of
King, Solomon Lodge. Free and Accepted
Masons, will be Installed in public in the
lodgeroom, Franklin Hall, Flllmore street*
to-morrow night. A limited number of
invitations have been Issued to witness
the ceremony, which is very seldom given
in public.
Public Masonic Installation*
Mrs. J. O. Heimberger and Mrs. James
M. Knight are In j San • Francisco, being
on their way from Leadville, Colo., to
Santa Barbara, at which place they in
tend to spend the balance of the winter.
The husbands of I the ladies are well
known Colorado newspaper men.
Personal Mention.
Our store will be open evenings until
Christmas for the exhibition and sale of
choice and useful Christmas presents.
Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market street. * .
Christmas Presents.
•The annual masquerade of the Swedish
Society Svea will be given at Saratoga
Hall Saturday evening, 1 - December- 29.
Those who. have the ball In "Charge are
Olof Dalin, v Charles ; E. " Johnson, : Emil
Forsell, Albert WalHn, .; Gustop Strom.
Edward Anderson, Gus Forsell, Albert
Olsen, Julius Nystrom, Dave Patterson
and Werner Nystrom.
Swedish Society . Ball.
W. B. Soule, a printer who resided with
his wife and child at 3264 Central avenue
in Alameda, died suddenly at 11 o'clock
yesterday morning in the composing
room of the News Letter at VA Kearny
street while visiting his friend, R. E.
Sullivan. Mr. Soule was a member of
Typographical Union No. 36 and of the
Red Men.
Sudden Death of a Printer.
It was known in the time of Queen Mary
Stewart, and before sealskin Jackets
were in fashion. Now they are more in
demand than ever. So say Berwln & Gass
ner, who are the largest manufacturers
on the coast. They Just now have a big
run on a genuine sealskin jacket, in all
styles, at $125. Astrakhan, Electric and
Baltic seal jackets at $30. A nice Xmas
gift. 110 Kearny street. V r
Queen Stewart's Sealskin Jacket.
Conrad Wack. a bartender, was found
dead In bed In his room at 118 Grant ave
nue yesterday afternoon. He had been
missing, and friends who were searching
for him finding hlsidoor locked forced an
entrance. Gas escaping from a jet turned
on full showed that Wack had been as
phyxiated. Whether death was accidental
or Wack had committed suicide Is not
known. He had been dead two days.
Death by Asphyxiation.
It has been said on account of the low
price of $125 for a sealskin jacket offered
by Berwln & Gassner It cannot be first
class and will not wear. The name of
Berwln & Gassner should be enough, how
ever. The firm will 'give a written guar
antee with each garment as genuine Lon
don-dyed sealskin, and to show their own
absolute confidence In the quality and
wear they guarantee to keep it In repair
two years free of charge, or money re
funded if garment is not as represented.
These jackets are a grand Xmas gift.
110 Kearny street. i *
That SI 25 Sealskin Jacket.
A musical and literary entertainment
was given last night by the pupils of Miss
Mattle A. Bridge. The affair was a great
success, the students showing that they
had received careful Instruction. The
following programme was rendered: Reci
tation. -'The Engineer's Story," Kitty
Merklebach; recitation, "Washington's
Birthday," Master Clemmens Baier; reci
tation, "Brought Back," Mrs." M. • New
man: piano solo, Hazel Donlan; recitation,
"My Neighbor's Call," Lois Rhodes; reci
tation, "Face Against the Pane," Wilhel
mina Tichnor; song. Miss Kthel Lazarus;
recitation, "The Stricken Rock," S. Grass;
recitation, "Asking for Thompson's
Daughter," Miss Eura Jacobs; cornet
solo. Master Clemmens Baler: recltatloi.,
"A Child's Power," Cana Belle Mills;
recitation, "At No. 1," Mrs. M. Budd;
piano solo; experiments in magic, S.
Grass, assisted by H. Miller.
The most artistic shapes and beautiful
designs are shown In all sizes of moldings
and ready-made frames this fall. At no
other time was the variety of framing
material, Including mat hoards In tones to
match, so extensive and at such reason
able prices. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Mar
ket street, •
PUPILS ENTERTAIN WITH
SONGS AND BECITATIONS
Beautiful Picture Frames.
Barely Escapes Destruction.
PETALUMA. Dec. 15.— The large resl
denco of J. R. Denman near this city had
a narrow escape from serious damage in
Damaged to the Extent of Eight
Thousand Dollars by the Storm.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 15.— Considerable
damage was done In this county yesterday
by the wind. On the ranch of Antone
Menke, near Brighton, a barn 200 feet in
length was destroyed and farming Imple
ments were ruined. The side of a large
hophouse was torn away and the roof of
an ostrich-house was blown off. The birds
were not injured. The wind uprooted a
large number of fruit and shade trees.
Menke's loss will amount to about $S000.
The storm did considerable damage In
the neighborhood of Freeport, tearing
down barns, fences and fruit trees. Tw«
dwellings were blown down, but no one
was Injured.
Across the river. In Yolo County, the
wind picked up a schoolhouse and carried
it several hundred yards. Fortunately
school was not In session at the time.
ONE RANCHER'S HEAVY LOSS.
SAN RAFAEL, Dec. 15.— The late storm
played havoc with the outbuildings and
several guard houses at San Quentin yes
terday and several guards barely escaped
with their lives. At 10:30 o'clock in the
morning the small guard house near the
reservoir on the hill opposite the "prison
was overturned by the high wind an>l
Guard James McDonald, who occupied It
at the time, was considerably bruised
about the body before he could escape
from the debris. Another small guard
house in front of the prison was blown
down. It was a temporary affair, hav
ing been erected so as to command the
new brick guard house in course of con
struction. Guard R. Carpenter occupied
the house at the time and was badly
bruised.
The chimneys were blown from War 1
den Agulrre's- house and many shingles
were torn from the roofs of the town
buildings. Telephone and telegraph lines
were blown down. The storm was one of
the heaviest known at the point in many
years.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Bruised.
Fall With Two Wrecked Guard
houses and? Are Badly
Outbuildings at the State's
Prison Leveled by the'
Gale.
?
James McDonald and It. Carpenter
STORM'S DAMAGE
AT SAN QUENTIN
The personnel : of the association Is a
sufficient guarantee of Its soundness. The
president. Is Captain. Oliver Eldridge; vice
president. Charles Page: , secretary and
general -manager, William- Corbln. Aside
from -.those \ named \ R. \ T: Harding' <und' G.
Howard Thompson are directors. To then
conservative course the success of the as
sociation in j recent years is principally
due. -.../.* .,:.;::......:,...¦ i f
The experience of thousands of home
builders in the past fifty years has been
crystallized and the best results incor
porated in the system under which the
Continental transacts business. It does
business for Its members just as
a bank does business for the ben
efit of its stockholders. Member
ship in this association means compul
sory saving of money and consequent
profit to the saver. This object is only
accomplished through the aid of a saving
and loan Institution which requires of the
depositor a stated deposit at regular in
tervals. The amount may vary according
to the Income of the depositor, but no
matter how small, it Is laid by each week
or month' untlWtt assumes proportions as
tonishing to the depositor. Five dollars
per month in the Continental (dues on ten
shares, par value $1000) will double Itself
in about eight years and four months.
Owing to the careful Investment of funds
the Continental has made larger dividends
and matured more stock than any similar
association in the State. In fact, the as
sociation has achieved such a remarkable
degree of success that it is to-day consid
ered a standard on questions of financial
co-operation.
These figures show that the Continental
Is a highly prosperous and stable concern.
Its funds are loaned only on productive
real estate on a basis of 50 per cent of
appraisement, or on stock of the company
to the amount of 80 per cent, and every
dollar of the funds is held by the trustee,
the California Title Insurance and Trust
Company, in trust for the benefit of mem
bers. The mortgages also are held by the
trustee for the benefit of members, and
every title on which the company loans
money Is examined and guaranteed by the
trustee. In this way absolute protection
is assured the members of the association,
and for the additional reason that the
members' money is in 'the hands of the
trustee on a first mortgage security. The
one being a check on the other, unques
tioned protection Is assured.
Chief among the more celebrated con
cerns of this kind in California is the Con
tinental Building and Loan Association,
the home office of which Is at 222 Sansome
street. The association" was organized
July 17, 18S9, and its operations since that
time have been gigantic. Its assets to
day reach the stupendous figure of $1,900.
000, while Its subscribed capital stock ex
ceeds $11,000,000. The profit and reserve
account -amounts to $250,000.
With the advent of the building and
loan associations Into the domain of do
mestic life the conditions that confront
the sagacious fami»y man have suffered a
radical change. Under the system em
ployed by most associations it is now pos
sible for homeseekers • to secure a home
on monthly payments wTiich do not ex
ceed In amount the Eums ordinarily dis
bursed as rent. Thousands of families are
now ensconced in their own dwellings
without fear of the future merely be
cause they adopted the wise plan of be
coming shareholders in institutions of the
kind mentioned. i
To the man of family who is seeking to
provide a home for his wife and children
the question ot "How to do it?" Is a
highly important one. Compelled for
years to pay rent for the privilege of
having a shelter over his head, he makes
the discovery that while he enjoyed the
temporary benefits of a home for a period
of years he has nothing to show for his
outlay. Meanwhile the wage-earner has
pa83ed Into the eete and yellow of his ca
reer, and at his death the only outlook
for his destitute widow and children is
humiliating eviction and suffering,
Advantages Offered to Small Invest
ors by the Continental Building
• and Loan Association.
HOW WAGE EARNERS
MAY SECURE HOMES
VALLEJO, ... Dec.. 15.— Near Vallejo , th»
windstorm of Friday made a complete
wreck of an oak grave. Dozens of large
oaks were uprooted and hardly a tree re
mains standing uninjured. -;•
Oak Grove Destroyed.
yesterdays storm. Four gum trees near
the house fell and missed the dwelling by
only a few feet. An old oak tree, a land
mark In Blucher Valley,- was shivered by
lightning and, cut directly in half. - :.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 16, 1BOU.
Tompkins Do?" The, play has been .at
tracting big houses all over the country.
Mr. Clarke has an excellent company: for
support. • : :
At the • Dewey - Theater "Daddy ' Nolan"
will be succeeded by the old-time favorite,
"Ten Nights In a. Barroom." Manager
Stevens is making extra efforts to score a
big*, success with the play. .
Macdonough Theater Two
Nights.' ' ¦':
OAKLAND. v - Dec. IS.— Harry ; Coraon
Clarke, the Inimitable funmaker,.will'ap
pear at the Macdonough Theater; Monday
and Tuesday evenings, when he will 'put
on his delightful comedy, "What -Did
Harry Corson Clarke Will Be' at the
PLAYS BOOKED FOB
OAKLAND PLAYHOUSES
36
§ PIANO PURCHASERS |
: ATTENTION ! |
3 28 Grand and Upright g
I WEBER:
S PIANOS 8
& Used by the artists of the •
5 GRAU OPERA COMPANY 2
• Will be offered for sale- at • X
• LARGELY REDUCED PRICES. #
9 This and next week.. •
0 Old instruments taken in ex- ?
• change. g
• Terms given if desired. @
• NOVEMBER 14, 1900. 1 S
A I take much pleasure In saying *
2 that the Weber has riven me the ©
** greatest satlrfactlon. M
• JOHANNA OADSKI. Q
! CLARK WISE & CO,, |
• AGENTS,,? 7
2 Corner Geary and Grant Ays., S. F. •
0 81S Twelfth Bt, Oakland. 5
The "OWN" RECLINING CHAIR
A Hand ome Christmas /$!§&&&
Ea«y nnd Comfortable. gSigftjjU
Price $15. Come and see it.
Vi. A. SCHROCK,
19 New Montgomery Street.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL',
If EARNT AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
*» modeled and renovated. KING. WARD &
OO. European plan. Rooms, EOo to 11-60 day;-
J5 to js week; JS to »20 month: - F"ree baths; hot
and cold water every room; fire grates In every I
room; elevator runs all night |
; ADVERTISEMENTS.
Elegant
Bisque Ware.
The . prettiest things - imag-
inable ;. in' figures and orna-
ments.'. Every conceivable'
variety:
Dancing Girls "> v
Babies
French Court
Candelabra .
Paper Weights
Smoidng Sots
Our Prices
Just Like Finding. Money.
Great American ImpoFtiEir Tea Co.
CITY STORES.
910 Grant Are., bet. Post and Snttois
861 Market St., opp. Powell.
140 Sixth 8 1. Mid Polk 6t.
112 Third St. 1819 DevUadero ©t. -
146 Ninth St. 2008 Flllmore St. :
8006 Sixteen th 6t. 52 1 M^tftomery Av,
2S1B Mission St. 32857?ls«lon St.
705 Lwkln 8t. 2732 24th 6t.
855 Hayes 6t. 475 Halftht 6t. ,
. 52 Market St.
OAKLAND STORES.
,1053 Washington St 1237 Broadway.
1185 23rd Ave. : 616 E. IStbSt.
.-„'.- i'.lBlO ' Seventh St. >:V;
ALAMEDA-1855 Park 6t.
6 AN RAFAjeL-B St.. near Fourth,
If you .are not satisfied with; your" lot
put it in the hands of a real estate dealer.
Trapper's Oil cares rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists. COc flask. Richards & Co.. 40« Clay.*
It Is a difficult task to fathom the shal-
lowest mind. l
¦ Write for new catalogue of. watches. Jewelry &
silverware. Hammersmith & Field. 36 Kearny.*
HERE ARE THE APPROVED
SELECTIONS FOJR
First pf All I CHRISTMAS. I n mHa ,
A Tremendous Big Suspender £E'fc£±:~r.::£ 2 *££
Special for the Men. ) \ S^t'r.::::::;:^ S IS
Monday and \ for : 5 days we will have for sale 100 dozen ~
Fancy Silk Embroidered Christmas Suspenders, each put up CLOCKS, JEWELRY,.
jn a fancy glass-top box. • These suspenders have been sold SHELL HAIR ORNAMENTS,
for $1.25 per. pair, y We have cut , the . price this week to 60 ETC.
cents. This is the -best- saving of 65 cents you ever knew. A 1 special in SterHnir
'-'«•¦ -«%¦ •¦.>.•» - Silver — a Handsome Toi:
¦d0§St3L- ' An It a»=«« The Peerless" 1 S3
ft|||<|||0 Full Jointed, Kid Body Doll. HneT box... '!".!..$! Z e|[
5] : Fine kid body, full padded kid silver novelties such '"a* * gfl
™»^^ bust, tapering waist, metal rivet- Tooth B™ 5^ 8 - Button ' J|L
ed joints at shoulder, elbow, hip Diaries. Paper Cutters! ifO|ra
Jf^llrV \ and knee< BisC forearm ' natural Scis . sors ' Curlinsr Irons.
m^^k^--~^y ' flesh " coIored P a pier mache legs and'bfottSi^^^^d
g^PP\jrr The main feature of this 'doll 'is 25^1™^!^!"^
Ww JW itS movable head » turning in *" * "' "' ctc *
Wh\'^m< socket' without friction. The head
Ltmf '^\ S nes * renc h bisc, very large S^ i*^V
m '"¦ ' W§k //f \ and handsome, wth moving eyes, ¦ ¦ /^s^^fet
M ¦¦• : :/ ; -^SffeA shows teeth, good mohair wig. . , n Mg^^
% St^J' fc 7 13^ inch » 91.25 s» JLx^S^'^
"Anita" * This do11 T as m * n n fa ctu«d for our We make a specialty of Wheel
B-..XJ • express rse. It can be had nowhere else. >., _ , „. ,. . .
fancy box paper. Goods^ — Boys Wagons, Veloci-
|^S^1P2^|25 • PERFUMES.. pedis, Coasters, Fire and Police
way down prices. ;• ' A swell Christmas present is one Patrols,
LAMPS, TABLE WARE, ETC. of our 'new styles of Basket Per-
>New patterns in fancy decorated" neat fancy basket with a *T! -?
Ua'mps; Salad Sets. Cake Sets. good bottle of colosme. Can be s WHITE FOR
Cups and Saucers. Cake Plates. - ! «cd as a handkerchief box after w __ r1TRKTMA( . Bnn _
Cuspidors; Vases. Dinner and Tea" , being empty. 25c, 35c, 50c, 75c, WLW tn«loimA5 CUU&.
Sets, Bric-a-brac, etc. $1.00 each. ¦
• ¦ ¦ ¦ '• ¦ ¦¦¦¦¦¦ ¦ • ... — — — . »
U/Sffi JlFinrk /Wll 818 " 820 mArket st.[.
WWaii WL S fffflS/JBa l^lf* SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
-— — — — - ; — - . . T^l + ; ¦ +
J AH Orders of $5.00 or.Over Delivered Free to Any R. B. Station.
' Trunks & traveling bags. Before baring »«•
our "bureau trunk." A. B. Smith Co.. 128 Kllla.*
H. P. Barker & Peffer are rebuilding
California Brewery at Marysvllle for Mr.
Ruslnger, a modern brick structure to
cost about $15,000. Will be In operation on
March 1, 1901. Mr. Barker was formerly
of this city. , ¦-;•¦ ¦ '. : ?.-.
We will have on sale all this
week elegant lines of the following'
NEW GOODS, verg suitable fop
HOLIDAY PRESENTS:
Fine Battenfcerg Tidies, Scarfs, Center Pieces," Pillow
Shams, TaDle Covers and Bel Sets.'
Eiderdown Comforters and Pillows in Silk, Satin and.
French Sateen Covering,
Ladles' Feather Boas, Fur Scarfs, Noveltn Belts and Fine
PurseSi • /
Ladles' and Gents' Initialed Handerchiefs, In Sllk, Linen
and Linen Camhrlc.
Gents' Sllk Mufflers, Reefers, Scarfs and Novelty
Ladies' Lace Collars, Fichus, Ties, Ruffs, Jahots and
Fancu Neckwear.
Ladles' and Children's Fine Hosiers and Underwear,
at popular prices,
Gents' Silk, Cashmere and Merino Underwear. Also
complete line of fine Half Hose.
Ladles' Fine Crochet Shawls, in white, pink, clack,
gray, hlue and cardinal. c
Ladles' and Gents' Silk Umhrellas, with horn, pearl,
natural wood and gun metal handles.
Ladles', and Gents' Best Makes Kid Gloves of French,
English and German manufacture. ,
STORE,, OPEN EVENINGS UNTIL CHRISTMAS.
111. 113. 115. 117, 119. 121 POST STREET,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
j We cannot tell you here of all the useful and beautiful
things in our stores suitable for the holidays, but we will be
glad to show them when you call.
j Tailored Suits and Waists.
Our new Tailored Suit Department is no longer an ex-
periment. In every case the garments turned out by us have
given absolute satisfaction. We feel that it is not too much
to claim that we are giving the best value in Tailored Suits
and Waists to be gotten in the city. This is due to the ex-
treme care used in this department in the selection of ma-
terials and in every process of manufacture. We mention
-hree articles this week which give an idea of the splendid val-
ues in this Department.
Tailor-Made Suits. [Twilled Flannel Waists
Ladies' Tailor-Made Suits with. Made of the best quality twilled
Eton jacket or waist cut with Russian' flannel, well tucked^ in front and
blouse front, handsomely trimmed. 1 back, with bishop sleeve and cuff — a
well made and one that fits and 'very stylish and up-to-date waist —
hangs perfectly. The jroods.used in| • Only $2.50
these suits are of very superiorjcjll^ Waists ' *
grade, and they are worth much _ ,] , _.„ , *. ¦ . ,
more than the prices here ffiven— . L . adjes . Sllk « a» st s ° f best qual-
$15, $18, $20, $22.50 and $25 «tJ imperial peau de soie. beautifully
I A splendid line of Ladies' Silk ! tucked and hemstitched— in all the
Waists in all the latest styles at— leading shades— very stylish waist—
$7.5O and $IO.OO Special This Week $5.00
I Kid Gloves.
In.our Glove Department we carry three distinct lines ot
gloves which embrace all styles and qualities.
Columbia Kid Q&ove $1.00
| The Columbia Kid Glove is manufactured especially for
us in Germany. We consider it the best $i.oo glove to be
had anywhere. We guarantee them to give absolute satis-
faction. Even- pair is carefully fitted at the counter.^
Ladies' Columbia Kid Gloves $1.00
Misses' Columbia Kid Gloves . . . , • 85c
? Waldorf Walking Glove, pique sewe/i— very stylish and good
wearing tfeve *. . , c Per Pair $1.25
Peyrless Kid Glove, very fine dress glove and one that gives
j splendid satisfaction Per Pair $1.5O
We issue Glove orders for any amount; these glove or-
ders make excellent Holiday gifts as the recipient can ex-
change them for gloves at our counter, thereby simplifying
the presentation of a pair of gloves. |
Art Goods.
I \ In our new Art Department we have a well selected
stock of new art goods comprising everything in that line, in*
] eluding novel styles in sofa - pillows, handkerchiefs and glove
I 1 cases, calendars, pin cushions, etc., both hand painted and em-
broidered. . ,'\
i Ladies' Ostrich Feather Boas.
Every lady knows how hard it is to get a perfect feather
boa. We have a specially selected lot— the very best that we
have ever been able to get. We have them in black, natural
\ gray and black and white mixed, in the various lengths, rang-
ing in price from $10.00 to $25.00
Stores Will Be Open Evenings Until Christmas.
Stamping free on all goods bought at our stores to be embroidered.
( Lessons given in embroidery. Free delivery in city and bay towns.
NEW SIGHTS
FOR CHRISTMAS
COMPARISONS:
Comparisons brlnor out . the strong points
• In favor of Mayerle's glasses ; demonsratlng
EXCELLENCE and SUPERIORITY,
convincing, as to the EASE and COMFORT
and PLEASURE afforded in the PERFECT
VISION Mayerle's elapses always give.
THE WRONG GLASSES WILL
. RUIN THE STRONGEST EYES.
Neglected Eyesight Affects the Brain.
GERMAN EYE WATER. 50c.
GEO. MAYERLE,
German Expert Optician.
(Charter Member American Association of
Opticians.)
• 107IJ Market Street,'
(Opp. . Hlbernia Bank.) Mall Orders Filled.
OPEN EVENINGS UNTIL 9.-
• CUT THIS OUT. ';Vn ;£
Holiday
Presents
Oriental
Rugs and
«•
25% Discount.
NEW AND ARTISTIC
+ FURNITURE.
Clias. i. Plum & Co.
1301-1307 MARKET ST.,
BAN FEA5CI8C0, CAL.
ST. GERMAIN BILLIARD COMPANY, I
rormerly JACOB STRAHLE & CO..
Established 1S52.
iW KARTET 8TKEET, EAR rEAKCUOO.
Manufacturers of
Etasdard Billiard and Pool Tables.
Lager and Steam Beer Pomps.
Billiard Tab)p« on Installments or
Rented.
DR.MCNULTY.
rPHrS WELL-UNO WK AND RKLIABLE OLD
A. 6peda!l8t cttret Blood Poison, Ooaorrhoea,Gleet,
t- irirtuT", Bemlnal Weakness, Impotence and tbe4r '
allied Diaordera. Book oa DlMsses of Men, free.
OrerSOyeara'experteoee. Terms reaaonable. Hoars,
•toldailf ;6:30to8.30eT'f>.8nnda7a,IJ)tol3. Conaul-
uUos free and sacredly confidential Call or addren
P. ROHCOE MfXCLTY. Hi D.
26JiKe8jrny»U Mam frsncLseo, OaL
>ffi^DEWEY,STR0N6 &CO.>g,%.
g j
>il^330MARJ^ST.&F/SS8^
fateft ;VERT LATESTj
; n^j£TL " Straight Front, -.
r \i&* I Hand-Made . -
; 1( SAPPHIp
./% CORSETS
\\WA $3.00 to $15,00.
VY^OM^V / PER PAIR. -
r^M J 0 Gearu St.,
// ¦ A j r i CORNER EZARKT.
fi&zd \ -'-I. CHESTER F. WRIGHT,
fCfi^y 3^ . Royal "Worcester 'Cor.
' . • '. Mt-FltUng . Parlors. ,
/¦:^,. SO Days Only
\ ¦§$ DISCOUNT
' ion-All Plates, Crowns and ;
¦ Bridgework.
! FilllnfJs, 50c Crowns, $3.50
Plates, $5.00 Full Set
CHICAGO DENTAL PARLORS,;
* .24 Sixth Street. "¦".Pages 37 to 48
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 16, 1900.
The Nueva Pctrero Improvement Club,
In a communication to the Board of Su
pervisors, calls attention to what it terms
"the miserable apology of fire protection j
given !n the Potrero district by the city I
government."
Lack of Fire Protection.
The Hearst Oil Company has petitioned
the Board of Supervisors for permission
to. erect a Fteel tank of 30.000 barrels' ca
pacity for the Morage of crude petroleum
on Pctrero Nuevo block No. 271. It is
stated that such a quantity of storage .Is
necessary to maintain a safe and steady
supply of petroleum for the use of manu
facturing enterprises.
Big Crude Petroleum Tank.
Arthur Balsauex, a boy 13 years of age, :
Jiving with his parents at 514 Natoma !
Ftreet. swore to a complaint in Judge i
Fritz's court yesterday for the arrest of ;
••John Doe" and "Richard Roe." two men '
employed by the Sunnyside Farm Dairy. :
r.n a charge of battery. The two men '¦
were in a milk wagon Friday and while j
driving along Natoiiisi street knocked the :
boy down and broka his left arm in two
jj:aces. They drove off without stopping !
to Bc-e if the boy was hurt.
Warrant for Reckless Milkmen.
LONDON. Dec. 15.— Lord Kitchener
reports that eighteen officers and
555 men are missing from General
Clements' force. They consist of
four companies of the Northum
berland Fusiliers. Judging from the mes
sage these were captured by the Boers.
Clements' casualties on December 13
amount to live officers and nine men
killed and many apparently wounded.
Lord Kitchener's message to the War
OlHce is as follows:
"PRETORIA, Dec. 14. — Clements
brought in his force to Commando Nek
unopposed. The casualties were, 1 regret
to say. heavy. Killed, five officers and
nine of other ranks; missing, eighteen of
ficers and 555 of other ranks. These lat
terNvere four companies of the Northum
berland Fusiliers, who were stationed on
the hill, and -some yeomanry and other
details sent up to support them. Names
and nature of wounds are being tele
graphed from Cape Town. Broadwood's
brigade took no part in the engagement.
The Boers suffered severely.
"Knox drove Dewet north to the Tha
banchu-Ladybrand line, which was held
by our troops. Dewet's force, about 3000
ttrcng. made several attempts to get
through Juring the day, assisted by a
force of Boers operating from the north.
These attacks were driven, back, thotjgh
some of ' the Boen from the south were
able- to get. through the line."
Lord Kitchener, under date of December
15, reports to the War Office from Pre
toria as follows:
"Clements has come to see me. He says
thj four* companies of the Northumber
lands held out on the i«i!l as long as tne,lr
ammunition lasted. £ The Boer force at
tacking the hill was 2000 strong, while
another force of l'J'W attacked Clements'
camp. By 0:30 a. m. the Mil was carried.
Reinfcrcemerts of one company of the
Yorkshires failed to reach the top. Clem
ents' retirement was carried out with
regularity, but as many native drivers
bolted a considerable amount of transpor
tation was lost. All their ammunition not
taken away was destroyed. He reports
that all beheved very well Broadwood
has gone to Rustonourg and supports
Ollph.ints Nek, which has been rein
forced. A flog of truce which has come
Into Commando Nek for the Boers says
The extent of the reverse and the dis
grace of such a large body of men surren
dering to a small contingent of Boers has
created a feeling of shame and astonish
ment, which finds free vent. With some
what cruel coincidence, the Northumber
lands are known as the "Fighting Fifth."
The second battalion, to which the cap
tured companies belong, was one of i the
heaviest sufferers at Stormberg a year
ago.
x he regiment has often been pronounced
by home and foreign critics to be one of
the finest In the British army. All the
forebodings and criticisms which Colenso
gave rise to a year ago have been resur
rected by the disaster at the Magalles
berg. The War Office has nothing to do
but "grin and' bear It" and trust to time.
General Kitchener's forces are trans
formed into mounted Infantry, and until
the mounted police get to work Mr. Brod
erick Fees little hope of improvement In
the military situation. But whoever was:
responsible for the surrender at the
Magaliesberg is likely to suffer, for the
new War Office officials are determined to
make examples of generals, or any other
officers, guilty of such gross mismanage
ment, or worse, which it would seem,
must have occurred at this last defeat.
This stern attitude on the part of the
Government, however, by no means de
creases the seem and ignominy with
which certain of the Liberal members of
Parliament, who are avowedly pleased by
the Boer successes, are regarded by the
major part of the community. At a pro-
Boer meeting Friday, at which Leonard
Courtney presided. General Kitchener's
name was greeted with cries of "Villain!"
"This is one of the most' severe reverses
suffered by the British, and it is quite evi
dent the war will drag on for many
months. to come. Dewet is making Eng
land the laughing stock of the world. "We
have 210,000 men in the field, yet we are
unable to protect ourselves from disaster
at the hands of small commandos drawn
from a pastoral population."
Joubert's son was killed and further re
ports their losses very heavy." ,
The astounding and utterly unexpected
reverse of the British at Magallesberg,
the news, of which was broken to the na
tion exactly one year after General Bul
lers defeat at Colenso, ineffectually dis
poses of any hopes that the war in South
Africa is nearly ended and completely
abates the myth that the operations there
were nearly of a guerrilla- nature. As
Mr. Lloyd-George, Liberal, said in the
House of Commons to-day:
Protest Against British Treatment of
Women in South Africa.
LOXDONVDec. 15.— Parliament was dis
missed until the middle of February with
the reading of the shortest of the Queen's
speeches. It was as follows:
"My Lords and Gentlemen: I thank you
for the liberal provision you have made
for the expenses Incurred by the oper
ations of my armies in South Africa and
China."
In the House of Commons the remarks
of John Bryn-Roberts. Liberal, were par
ticularly stinging. He declared that the
British treatment of the women of South
Africa was an outrage on civilization, and
that It was blasphemy to hold Christian
services In St. Paul's in connection with
the return of Lord Roberts while there
.were such proceedings in South Africa.
Mr. Broderlck hotly denounced Mr.
Bryn-Roberts' charges, asserting that it
was criminal to make allegations which
could not be proved, but which, however,
would be telegraphed to South Africa to
increase the discontent existing there.
He held up Mr. Bryn-Roberts to the cen
sure and reprobation of nearly every
member of the House of Commons. These
remarks were greeted with cheers. Mr.
Broderick then repeated that the Govern
ment did not desire to pursue a policy
which would make it more difficult for the
Boers to cease fighting and that the Gov
ernment abided in the declarations of Mr.
Chamberlain. The session was suspended
until 2 o'clock in the afternoon, when
both houses met and were prorogued
The Pall Mall Gazette to-day edltorially
declares 'that such men as Courtney
Bryn-Robertg and Lloyd-George ought to
be put in Coventry and be no more spoken
to by any self-respecting Englishman.
The expedient, severe as It is, Is likely
to meet with approval in all quarters, not
excluding the moderate Liberal journal*.
Sir Henry Campbell-Bannerman, the Lib
eral leader in ¦ the House of Commons,
does not escape criticism for tacitly per
mitting his alleged followers to take up
such an avowedly anti-British attitude.
"Butcher!" "Beast!" while mention of
Steyn and Dewtt elicited loud cheers.
"OUTBADE ON CIVILIZATION.*'
eighteen Ufficers and 555 Jroops Lapttn^ffp^ftne
Boers, and Five Officers and: Nine Men Killed;
Republicans Storm and Take Hill Held by Enemy.
MAY DE SOUSA
JOINS NIELSEN
Orpheum Engagement Ends and She
Prepares to Take Up Her
New Line of
Work.
Becomes Understudy for the
Popular Comic Opera
;|fc v Star-
May de Sousa, the young singer whose
sweet voice and pleasing manner have
won. her such great popularity with Or
pheum audiences, has deserted the vaude
ville for the operatic stage. She finished
her Orpheum engagement last night, and
will leave San Francisco with the Alice
Nielsen Opera Company. She has had the
good fortune to be chosen for a position
no less Important than that of understudy
to Miss Nielsen herself.
Miss de Sousa Is becoming famed as a
lucky girl. Her start in music was secured
in a Chicago rchool of music, in which
she had through good fortune obtained a
scholarship. Recently she was voted the
most popular girl in the Church of the
Holy Name parish, in Chicago, at a parish
bazaar. The prize was a trip to Europe,
a pleasure which she will now defer until
the close of the opera season. When she
does go she will improve the opportunity
by studying under Mme. Marches!.
The calendars shown by Cooper & Co.
this season supersede all their previous
efforts In this line. All the leading makers
are represented. . "'-•.-*
"SOS, SHY YOU
ARE INNOCENT"
H. Benjamin, Who Was
Struck by Attorney Shir
ran, Is Dying.
? ¦¦¦
Pleads With His Boy, Who Is
Under Arrest, to IMsprove
the Charges Against
Him.
¦ -.-.*¦¦..
H. Benjamin, the. aged auctioneer who
was assaulted by a young attorney
named Edward Shirran on the night of
November 9, Is dying from the effects of
the injuries he received. Last night the
police were notified that he could not live,
and two detectives were at once sent to
arrest Shirran.
Benjamin and another old man named
John Tonguegate, who was once employed
as a clerk in the District Attorneys of
fice, were walking along Market street
on, the night of the assault when they met
Shirran and his wife.
Shirran claims that the two men rudely
jostled his wife, but this Is denied by
.Benjamin and Tonguegate. The attorney
admits that be lost hie temper and struck
both of them, knocking them down. In
falling, Benjamin's head struck against
the stone siaewalk. causing a fracture of
the skull. He was taken to the Receiv
ing Hospital, where he was temporarily
treated and then sent to his home at 511
Xatoma street. Since then his condition
has steadily grown worse. Last night the
attending physician announced that be
could not possibly recover.
Several days ago the son of the unfortu
nate man was arrested and charged with
receiving stolen property. Realizing that
he could not live, the old man last even-
Ing begged that he allowed to see his son
before he passed away. His request wai
communicated to Captain Seymour and he
promptly ordered Detectives Bailey and
Hammlll to take the boy from his cell la
the City Prison to the bedside of his dy
ing father.
A pathetic scene was enacted when
young Benjamin, accompanied by the two
detectives, entered the room in which the
unfortunate man was fast breathing his
last. * . •
"My son." he feebly gasped, "tell me
you are innocent and I -will die In, peace.
I know you would not disgrace your poor
old father. Speak up. son. and tell me
your arrest Is a mistake."
The lad's eyes filled with tears, and In a
voice choked with emotion he assured his
dying parent that he had committed no
crime.
"I knew It. son," feebly answered the.
old man. "I " »
He then became unconscious, and on the
advice of the attending physician the de
tectives took the heart-broken boy away.
FAIB ATHENIAN CAUSES
ROW IN A LODGING-HOUSE
All for the love of a pretty Greek girl,
recently arrived from the ancient land,
John Rogowski, Inventor and patentee of
a wave motor, 74 years of age. Is at the
City Hall police station charged with as
sault to murder. The woman, who is the
wife of a man who runs a street stand,
complained to her husband that Rogowski
was paying her too much attention. He
laid the matter before the wife of James
Rankln. who runs a small lodging-house
at 11 Silver street, where all parties re
side. .
It was determined to order Rogowski to
move and Rankin went to his room. The
aged inventor locked the door and bid all
defiance. Rankin attempted to climb
through a rear window, when, he alleges,
Rogowski used an Iron bar upon him and
later struck him with a knife. Rankin
was taken to the Receiving Hospital and
treated for a' number of wounds on the
head and face. Rogowski claims that
Rankin has been trying to steal the pat
ents for his Invention.
The following list of life diplomas Is
sued by the S;ate Board of Education
was received by Secretary Klngsbury of
the Board of Examiners yesterday morn
ing:
High Fchool grade— Miss S. M. Klngsbury.
Miss C. M. Wilson.
Grarr.zr.ar grade— Rae Alexander, Frederick
Guerntcy liaird. Miss M. It. ttley. L. Bowman,
¦Mrs KUzatteth Butler, Mlfrs Delia Clayburgh.
Him A. 1. lonnolly, Miss M. I. Crowley, Hiss
Marietta E. Karle. Mrs.. lielSe Flaherty, .Miss
Josephine Fleming; Miss Susie Haas. Miss M.
E. HaVley. Mi*s IX G. JeFre. Miss J. B. Kean.
Hits J. I. Kinc Miss I'auline Langstadter.
ULea Frtr.c-ft. Louis. Hiss M. F. Lorigan, Miss
Anna A. Lore, Miss Sarah H. Macauley, Mrs.
A. H. Marquis. Miss A. F. McDonell, Miss K.
T. Ncun&n, Hiss A. G. Reagan, Miss Flora
BoaenleUL. Htea Mabel F. Sankey. Mrs. Miriam
Silver. Uias Mary A. Smith. Mrs. Anna S.
Spreckcis, Mjfs C. N. Stock, Miss Nellie Sulli
van. Miss Klsie Tidd.
State tducatior.al diplomas— Miss Margaret
Bailie. Mits C. M. Barron. Miss Edna Cadwala
der. Miss May E. Devlne, Miss M. A. Levy
Miss J. A. Macauley, Miss Lillian B. O'Nell,
Miss Annie V.'. Quinn, Miss Effle E. Smith.
Director Denman is of the opinion that
no new teache-s will be elected into the
schoo'. department for at least three years
He finds that there are now sixteen teach
ers on the substitute list, twenty-five on
the ur.assigned list, twenty-eight on leave
of absence, thirty-one on the unassigned
evening eligible list and seven unasslgned
High School teachers, making a total of
nearly 100 teachers available for perma
nent positions. Denman says that the civil
service system for the election of teach
ers will not be Inaugurated for some time
to come on that account.
Denman has compiled a tabulated state
ment of the averagre attendance of pupils
for November, and according to his fig
ures no class contains more than fifty pu
pils, the limit of classification set by the
board. Seats have been provided for all
pupils.
larly in Charge of
Classes.
At Present There Are One Hundred
Available Who Are Not Kegu-
No More Teachers to Be
Elcted for Three Years,
Denman Says.
LIFE DIPLOMAS
FOR PEDAGOGUES
"Something must be done. These un
fortunates are here now. and. while the
police will try to do all they can. I think
the people who are responsible for brine-
Ing them here and those who induced
them to stay should be called upon for
an accounting. If any of them apply for
lodgings at any of the stations they will
be admitted and treated will} kindness.
but prisons are not the proper places for
Innocent women and children. I intend
to direct the Mayor's attention to the
matter and believe some way will be
found out of the difficulty."
Chief of Police Sullivan was asked yes
terday what action he intended taking re
grarding the destitute Porto Ricans and
he said:
The thirty Porto Rlcans who arrived in
this city Friday in a destitute condition
have begun to realize that they have been
made the dupes of a yellow journal and
are now said to be anxious tu go to
liawaii to carry out their contracts to
v ork on the sugar plantations. Eight of
them who spent the night in the City
Prison were taken away by Oifieer Mc
llurray of the Society for the Prevention
of Cruelty to Children yesterday morning
nnd the Associated Charities will looK
after them till they are forwarded to
their destination. If thoy cannot get
there they sav they will go to Mexico, as
they declare they* would not return to
Porto Rico, where they were worse off
than slaves.
Anxious to Be Sent to Hawaii to
Fulfill Their Contracts With
th.6 Plantation
Owners.
Thirty Destitute Porto Ri
cans Are Now Objects
of Charity.
LEARN TOO LATE
THEY ARE DUPES
BY THE DEFEAT OF CLEMENTS
AT NOOIT GEDACHT THE BRITISH
FORCE SUFFERS SERIOUS LOSS
Pages 3? to 48
' • - . , : '.'¦' ¦ ¦ ; . ¦ ¦ " •.'•x '": - ¦¦"¦ '¦ ." ; -.**"¦.-* ' ' ' ¦ SATURDAY, April 2T, 100 1.OAKLAyp_ RACETRACK. _BATrjRDAY. Pg^g^gggJ^-^^^'J "";•_ JT* ck "^^~
14O2. FIRST RACE— Five and a half furlonars: two-year-olds; puree, JSSO. .
j | PoT| \ j " ~ , Betting >
Index j Horse and Wei«ht.iPst|Et. »4- *i- Str. Fin. | Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. Fl.
:«« jArticulate 11* 1 I 42 21 IS IS '.Mounee 4-5 »-10 9-10 1-5
:4S8 RolllPk 115: 34 5 4H>1 2 ns O'Connor... 2-2 8-5 7-5 1-4
1t*.l Cousin Canie....l'>S 4 -S Jh 11 2 3 2 6 E. Rose 20 30 20 8
.... Eldred 11« Z 1 lit 6 6 4S iBasslnger .. 40 30 8» 5
1271 Altura .IPS' 5 5 !H » 48 S IDomlnlck ¦¦ 10 12 12 6-2
Time- 3-16. :18; 7-16. 41; 5-,f. l:0t^. Good start. Won easily. S«cond and third . driving.
Winner. W. C. de Louei'e br. c. by imp. St. Andrew-Utter. Articulate was responsive
enough, winnitir In a romp. O'Connor outrode Ross for the place. Cousin Carrie should
fcave been second. Scratched— Kenllwoith US.
1493. SECOND RACE— Futurity course; all age*; purse, $300.
fPo.l j '. ,. Betting —
Index |Hor»e. Ate. Weight. jPstjSt. %. Str. Fin. | Jockeys. Op. Hi. Cl. - PI.
1464 j Grafter. 2 9«j 2j4 1J14 IS 14 Martin 77777 4 I 3 1^2
145« Gibraltar. S I22j 6 2 32 24 2 5 2 12 O'Connor... 1-2 ' 8-5 3-5 —
H81 jHomije, 2 9« 11 2h M 81 31 Ransch S 10 10 8-5
13*4 Litmus. 2 Ml 4t S3 43 44 4«'J. Daly 80 45 30 7
1437 iRinaldo. 5 11», 3 « « « 8 1 5 10 |E. Flynn.... £0 30 80 «
1471 iFlortnel XL 3....U4J < ] 1 4 2 8 3 6 6 JE. Ross 100 100 100 12
Tim*— To Vi. :»H: <O **. :45:" last H. 1^02; short »;, 1:11H. Bad utart. Won easing up. Sec
ond «nd third driving. Winner, L. A. BlaUingame's b. g. by Cicero-Leap Year. Gibraltar
nnt at his best. Grafter never looked a loser. Litmus weakly ridden. Rinaldo will win
later on. Scratched— Anjou 117.
1_4»4^ THIRD RACE— Sir furlongs: selling; three-year-olds and up; purse. $400.
iPo"T" — ¦ r~: ~ y— BeYtinc "^>
Ir.flex :Horse, Age. Weight. lP«t|St. 14. »4. Str. Fin. | Jockeys. Op.- HI. Cl. PI.
!44S iMocorito. I ios| 6J3 lh 14 14 14 (O'Connor ... ~T^ 5 4^ Ts
T454 Our Llrzle. 5. ...112 22 S3 81 in 22 N. Turner.. 3 6 5 2
1464 |Novia, S 1OS 94 21 21 62 3h Bassingir 8 30 75 15
14T6 ; Prestidigitator. 8.100 56 Bh 5! 4h 4h !J." Daly 6 15 12 -> «
H46 jClarando, 4 105 4 7 6H.72 3h 64 !E. Ros>« 6 9 8 'V-' I;
14i4 lAlee. 3 lOi gl 71 4h fi •» « « Mounce .... 4 4 16-5 «-5
1454 [High Hoe. 5 11Sj 16 4h 6172 72 •Dominlck .. 7-2 7-2 3 6-5
:«T1 Dunboy. « 1C6 J g 81 S5 8 5 •«« ! F. Kelly.... 60 ?00 200 100
?01 R. d Bajdidos. a-10»! 7 I 9 » » 9 9 JKlley ..<... .\ 6.1 200 J 100 60
Time— >*. :25; »4. ASS; *i. 1:16. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving:. Winner.
Abbey Stable's ch. m. by Amigo-Santa Monica. Winner had a world of speed and won
under half headway. Lizzie ran her race. Alee lately on the sick list. High. Hoe eore and
* 'L 0 ?!. r~^-. If*-, 1 ** * 1 °" > ; - ? c i^ t 5^*^TT ne e ' n « < "r 100. Monrovia 105. Urchin 100.
1495. FOURTH RACE- Mile and a sixteenth: Durltngame Selling St'ks; 8-year-«ldg up; $1000..
IPo.I ', ,
Index jHorse. Age. WelshtJPstlSt. H- H- Ptr. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. PI.
145» jPat Morrlesey. 6..l0s] 75 28 26 In I \ O'Connor ... 3 5 . 3 . 6-5
1484 |Malay. 4 85 11 61 54 i 4 2 n ' J Walsh.... 4 5 6 2
C47S) iDr. Bernays. J...103 63 Sh 31 56 32 Vickery .... 8 10 10 4
1465 Horton. 4 8S 4 4 4 h 4 2 4 h .4 4 Basslnger .. 3 16-5 16-5 6-5
14S* Havlland. 3 ?S 27 lh In 23 5 2 Dominlck .. 4 6 « 2
OJ9?) Morinel. 6 -10ft] 5 «¦ 7 7 «« « 15 Mounce .... 7-2 7 7 2
IMS ,'Alturas. 4 106J 3 2 6 2 6? 7 7 J. Woods... 15 30 25 ' 10
Tlnse— 1-16. :06\: 6-18, :S1; M«. :55; 13-16, 1:22: mile. 1:41%: 1 l-l«m7T:4Su! Good etart".
Won first three driving. Winner. Burns & Waterhouse's b. p. by Lord Clifton-Tennle B.
Hs viland teent out to kill off Morrfjsey. Both Malay anil Dr. Bernaye should have finished
«>i»»<3 ol winner. nideiT of both Malay and Horton started to pull up at start. Vickery in
drawing his whip was slower than an eight-day alarm clock. Bernays best. Morinel not
-f*-*-^'- fe r f t _ c^rff- r 5 u . 1 t a _ n _ ! l?'_ w j'£? >ng 9: - E1 M1(1 ° 9S - Lotnlan 95*,. Wax 102.
I4B6. FIFTH RACE— Six furlonsrs: selling; three-year-olds and up: purse. |40A
Po.| ' J '¦ ~, Betting x
tedcz Horse, Age, Weight. Pst>£t. H. \. Str. Fin. j Jorkeys. . Op. HI. Cl. PI.
14« Sybarls. 5 106 8 i T 6H 5 1 4>i In J. Woods.... ~3 5^ 5 gTs
1471 Good Hope, 4 IAS 13 2h 21 14 23 O'Connor .. S-5 S-5 13-10 1-2
W. Jerld. 4 ,....109 2 1 11 34 3h 3h IKiley 10 10 10 4
1481 Ivallne. 3 log 7« 3h il 2h 41 IE. Ross S 10 10 4
14U Necklace, i i«5 6 4 5 1 7 4 5 1- 5 1 Mounce .... 6 . 10 • 8 3
ISGl Alaska. 5.. ...... .105 » |.J 93 S2 72 6h Hotvson .... 50 100 60 40
(117^ St. Wood. 4 108 4 « 41 (h 62 75 Dominlck ,. 4 6 4 S-5
1437 (Mike Rice. a. 105 62 81 94 8« ?10 Phelan IS 60 80 12
14^0 !T\"111 Far. 3 110 10 10 10 10 * 6 . 9 10 Matthews ..60 75 «0 30
147* IDectry, f 100 3 I 5 7h 6 1 10 10 Ransch . 10 50 30 12
Time— V -.25; 4, :4i»4; » t . 1:15*4. Good 6tart. Won first three driving. Winner, Dr. H. E.
Aowelii b. g. by Mor#ilo-Deception. Sybarls outeamed and outfooted the favorite, even
though his underpinning is bad. Jerid had plenty of Fpeed. Necklace will do later on. St.
\v^od_ a J'dfy L "_ ? r ?*}^}]*4-^} t 2*?>J l ? n :
1-407. SIXTH RACE— Seven furlongs; three-year-olds and up; purse, *400.
• jPo.l Hfttlni;
Tadex Horse. Age, Weight. 1 Pst St. U. 4- Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. PL
1471 L»nnep. 5 l"»j . « 5 4h Sl_22 II" O'Connor .. 3-5 T* 3^6 _
144* jPompino. 4 106 33 In 12 13 28 Farrell 12 20 20 5
14tt Asian. > 1(8 24 32 J4»« 32 Mounce .... 4 6 6 -3-2
1**5 Grand Baehem, R..105I R j « « « 41 45 Ransch 10 12 12 3
3473 Flush of Gold. 3.. 100! ill 84 5h 52 65 Dominlck -.466 8-5
!«<;? jVohlw. 3 ...103! 4|2 2^4h « « J. >Urtln.... 10 20 20 6
Tlme-Ai. -.13; %. :3W»: H. 1:«H: T i. 1:2 s - Good start. Won first three driving. Winner
FrM Foster's b. m. by imp. Candlema*-Wanton. The many friends of Pompino were at
\h* wh«rf to welcome him. He ran well aff>r his trip to the other sphere. Lwinep wm
kept busy. She runs skeleton rlgeed. Flush of Gold apparently no "mudder." Scratched—
Hermoso 106.
Ladies Are Especially Invited.
To-morrowwlll be a gala day for ladltf
Shoes that cost S2 60 a pair will be placed
on" the, table td, pick from'. for. only,T5ct*.
a pair at bankrupt. Bhoe sale of the Cali
fornia. VaA Market et., near City Hall av.»
Football Game Postponed.
WOODLAND,. Dec. 15.— On account of
the heavy showers on Friday, the game of
football between the "Woodland and Va
caville High School teams, which was
scheduled for to-day was postponed until
Saturday, December 22. It will be played
at Vacavllle:
AMONG the many toothsome mor
sels arranged to tickle the fancy
of the Saturday race-going crowd
at Oakland track was the Burlin
fratne selling ptake, at one mile
and a sixteenth, valued at 11000. Hercu-
lean, Wyoming, El Mldo, Lothian and
Wax declined the issue, which left a very
evenly balanced field of seven for Mr.
Caldwell to handle at the post. The track
was sloppy and as it looked to be about
tho number Pat Morrissey had performed
best over In former races the Burns &
Waterhouse horse finally closed a slight
choice over Horton and Malay. ThertA
too. he had Winnie O'Connor up, which
was quite a factor. Dr. Bernays, carrying
103 pounds, looked a promising candidate,
but "Butch" Fisher claimed he was un
able to secure one of the swell riders, so
put VIckery. his stable jockey, up. Vlck
ery does the best he can. but Is no Sloan,
and the Doctor's price touched 10. There
was no apparent demand for Morinel, but
Horton was a strongly touted one, and
turned out a rich disappointment. O'Con
nor, astride Pat Morrissey. had Instruc
tions to go out and shake his field off
from the jump, and he did It, with one
exception. Havilan4 was at his side to
tfce stretch, with the others some lengths
back, apparently out of It. Then the pace
began to tell, and Havlland fell back
beaten, while. Dr. Bernays loomed up a
dangerous contender. A trifle later Malay,
piloted by J. Walsh. Joined Bernays and
a great chase after the leader began.
Vickery could help Dr. Bernays none, and
O'Connor, easily outriding Walsh, put Pat
over the line winner, by less than a
length. In the fast time of l:<8Vi./ Bassin
ger seemed unable to get Horton within
hailing distance of the front ones. The
winner stood a long, hard drive, and hts
victory wa? well received by the crowd,
for the Celtic named horse is a prime fa
vorite. ....
Betting In the ring was unsually brisk—
In /act, so much coin was In circulation
ff'. 1 , 0 caus« " comment from strangers.
x\ nile three first choices were returned
winners It Is quite probable the bookmak
ers had a shade the best of it.
All admitted Kenilworth to be a
moral" for the two-year-old sprint,
which opened the afternoon's sport, and
the fast colt sold a pronounced>favorite
oyer the field. About post tiine It was
discovered he was ineligible and all beta
were declared off. This left Articulate to
go »out favorite, and the brown colt won
buck-Jumping from Rollick. Cousin Car
?*'.£. th * I» laCe b >' a- nose only.
°". th » three crashes, none caused so
kLHS i£?? Bt fu" atlon , as tne downfall of
fiam Hlldreth's sprinter Gibraltar. The
brown horse wag looked upon as unbear
able for the spin over the Futurity course
and l to 2 was considered a liberal price.'
nl?ft}? g »£ wa / from , the barrier third.
Grafter, the 2-year-old, oUtfooted him
•very Inch of the way. and was eased un
at the finish. Jack Martin rode She win?
mi • k 8^ 00^? 8 5 f 1 «t one time. Hom
«*? had nothing to beat for the «how
?1, m £i st ,» any one of the nlne "tarters In
the third event, a six-furlong dash de
cided under selling conditions? looked to
have a chance. \Vh en the betting : finally
became settled. Garnet Fergufion's coU
w!3f *i a^ ?*>° ut e Qual call with High
Ho«. Aiee. it appeared, has been on the
ailing list and did not show his usual
burst of speed O'Connor almoBt Imme
diately after the start showed in front
of the bunch with Mocorito and the chest
nut mare came in by herself. Novla at
30 to 1 made quite a bid. for it, finally los
ing; the place to Our Lizzie. High Hoe
hadj no speed whatever. . .. _." e
A; very extensive • and well defined
plunge was made on Caesar Young's mare
Go6d Hope, one' of ten, starters for the
tlx.furlonr selling run. '.fifth to ,be.de
cided. -Her^chances looked good to -the
paddock, where .Johnny Wooda Rot' ud
on: equal. terms, with Sybarls and In -a
fierce , drive beat the. favorite v neck
Jerjd had- early speed to 1 burn, but-'falled
It warf freely circulated that mon/y bet
pn"L*nnep to take the. closing seve'n-for
lonr event was like taking a stick of can-'
dy«way from a baby.?Fred Foster's mad
runner . never had ' more than 3 to 5
chalked about her: ln>the rinir. and after
overhauling Pomplno passed the Judges
with a bit In reserve/. The last nameil
horse showed marked .improvement ;'
Track JKTotes.
Tanforan Park witf:,reopen to-morrow
for.a t,wo weeks' 'spell 'of: racing. ?.'
"*7lnnie O'Connor.-piloted three ¦ 6t:the
flr^t horses past the wire. His : saddle
work was a feature of the racing 1 .^
By F. E. MtTTiIIOI-.iLi.AJNnD.
Pierce and McEachern get $1000; Slmar
and Gougoltz. $800;; Kaser and Ryser, $500;
Fisher and Frederick, $300; "Waller and
Stlnson. $250; Babcock and Aaronson, $150;
in all, $4500. -In addition to this a consid
erable sum will be distributed as bonus
money to those who made a serious con
test in the race but were obliged to with
draw on account of accident and other
good causes, i /
.• Elkes and McFarland get $1500 in cash
and the championship of the world for
six-day team racing.
first to shoot out. He set a terrific pace.
McFarland was but a wheel's length be
hind the Frencnman, aid almost scraping
his rear wheel was Pierce. In this posi
tion the three kept a hurricane pace for
the whole of the last mile. When the
conp sounded at the. end of the eighth lap
Pierce made a desperate effort to spurt
ahead of McFarland. He waarunsucces?
ful. though he closed up the gap slightly.
Goupoltz was gradually being overhauled
inch by Inch. On the last lap McFarland
crossed ahead, with Pierce after him, and
the two of them passed over the tape in
that order, the Frenchman but a fraction
of a second behind in the sprint, but a
lap behind in the race.
There was no holding the great crowd
and the people howled themselves hoarse
during the final sprint, jumping to their
feet, waving hats, coats— everything the
men could get their hands on — while the
women frantically whirled their handker
chiefs. The three men continued ridlnjr
around the ring amid the greafest ex
citement.
Camera Supplies.
Cameras, photographic supplies, kodaks,
albums for unmounted photographs, print
ing and engraving. Sanborn, Vail & Co.,
741 Market street. ., •
JOHN H. KELLY, motorman, griev
ing, because his .wife had left him
and had taken \their four chil
dren with her, wrote her a fare
/well letter, in which he spoke of his
love for. her and the little ones, turned on
the gai, lay down in his bed and
died. . His body was found yester
day morning by . hia \sister. Rose
Kelly, who conducts the Southerner, a
lodging-house at 407 Mason street, where
the despondent motorman took his life.
The gaa was turned on and two letters
written by Kelly lay on the bureau. The
first letter was addressed to his wife, who
is living, in San Jose. It is as follows: ;
r ¦ ' '¦ San Francisco.
My last letter to Pearl, the woman I lo\-ed.
CALIFORNIANS VICTORS IN
SIX-DAY BICYCLE RACE
NEW YORK, Dec. 15. — Before nearly
20,000 people, jammed to every available
corner of the great Madison Square Gar
den, Harry Elkes of Glens Falls. N. Y..
and Floyd McFarland of San Jose, the
American team, won the six day inter
national bicycle race by a wheel's length
from Burns, Pierce of Boston and Archie
McEachern of Toronto, the .Canadian
team. Caesar Slmar of. Paris and Jean
Gougoltz of Monte Carlo, the French
team, was third, a lap away. The dis
tance covered by the winners was 262S
miles, and seven laps.' this being 104
miles and seven laps behind the record
made by Miller and Waller last year.
Karl Kaser of Berlin and Fritz Ryser of
Berlin, the German team, were given
fourth place with 25S6 miles and four laps
to their credit, .they having retired from
the track about two hours before the
close of the race, being satisfied that they
could not possibly cover the forty-two
miles and three laps that lay between
them and_the leaders. Michael Frederick
of Paris and Jean Fisher of Paris took
ilfth place with 2532 miles. They drew
out at 7 o'clock :to-night.\ Frank Waller
of Boston and W. C. Stlnson of Boston
gave up Just before 3 o'clock, this-morn
ing, content with the sixth position and
their 230S miles and one lap. O. V. Bali
cock of New York and' Louis Glmm'of
Pittsburg, who after an accident to their
partners rode for an Individual score,
were requested by the management to
withdraw from the tratfk this afternoon.
Babcock was then at 1506 miles and one
lap. six miles ahead of Gimm.
Three minutes before tho hour of the
close of the race the pistol nnnounced ll»e
time for the final effort. The thre» wtre
riding closely bunched. . Gougoltz was
Hares at Union Coursing Park Resort
to Clever Tricks in Their Ef
forts to Evade Their
Pursuers. .
At Union Park, .with the great number
of hares -used and kept on hand -for the
coursing events, it frequently happens
that some of the jacks beat the dogs to
the escapes and thereby gain a respite un
til the next meeting:. Between stakes the
Merced pests are turned loose in the big
field for exercise and to become accus- '
tomed to the escape holes. • ,
In the rundown of the big open stake
yesterday two of the" hares which were
called into play, judging from their dis
play of cunning and. cleverness, had seen
service in many events and knew how to
use their experience to advantage. Hon
esty and Echo were slipped to a long
hare, which slowed a bit and seeing his
pursuers making rapid strides toward him i
spread Itself flat on the ground and al
lowed them to go bv him. The hare was
soon up and after following the unsight
ed xlogs a short distance made a bolt for
the escape unmolested. '
Another hare in the lead of Kanaka and [
Lavender, after makingf'a circuit of the
field and overlooking the natural escape,
cleared the fence at the Elipper's stand
by a well executed jump and left the
hounds bewildered.
The finals to-day should be productive of
good sport. Wedgewood and Floodgate
are the best at the top of the card, with
the former as the choice. To pick Palo
Alto. Chicago Boy and Royal Union on
the lower half with Reilly's dog favorite,
looks like good figuring. For the final
Wedgewood to beat Union is in favor gen
erally. If the going .suits him Wedge
wood ought lo fulfill predictions, though
he is against Honesty in the second, and
as she is running well th« victory will not
be an easy one. Forest King and Tom
Hurlick look to be good outside chances.
Other probable winners in the- second
round are Fiery Face. Vandal, Cash, 1 Lear
King, Uncle Fuller, Ireland. Brutus, Ru
ral Artist, V» r lld Norah, Bad Boy, Master
Lawrence, Rollicking Airs, Harlean
Gladys. £weet Emma. Forget, Lady
Sears, Anchor, Nicasio, Erin. War Eagle,
Fine Fire, Twin City Girl, Mamie Pleas
ant, .Cascade and -St. Helen. Aeneid ken
nel's Fine Fire ran in great form, work
ing cleverly, getting the kill and scoring
12 to 1 against Thcrnhill.
ElgTiteen short ends won in the first
round of the stake at average good oddsj
The day's results with the official scores
of Judge John Grace follow:
Open stake — first round: Pasha Kennels'*
Klery Face beat C. O. Peterson's Hair Moon,
3-0; A. Johnson's Bald Battle beat T. Tler
nf.V B Lucretia Borgia, 7-3; H. A. Deckelman"3
Rocker beat J. Smith's Boney Boy, 16-0; George
Nethercott's Floodgate beat J. Smith's Master
Workman, 4-1; T. J. Cronln's Vandal beat Pa
sha Kennels' May -Hempstead, 5-4; O. Zahl's
Miss Allen beat P. McCabe's Crals Boy, 6-2;
James Sheridan's Forest Klnsr beat R. E. de
B. Lopez's Warrlgal. 8-2: Pasha Kennels' Ran
dom Aim-beat J. McEnroe's Admiral Sampson,
4-8; F. Brown's Tammany beat Aeneid Ken
nels' Arethusa, 4-0; Curtis & Sons' Cash beat
Aeneid KennMs' Aethra. 5-4;. Chiarlnl Bros.'
Bunco Bill beat H. A. Deckelman's Lawrence,
14-10: A. Vanderwhlte's I-ear.King beat Chia
rlnl Bro*.' Brass Button. 7-4; R. L. Taylor's
Beauty Spot- beat K. Geary's America, 14-3;
Maher & Rel<Ts"Uncle Fuller beat Pasha Ken
nels' Rival's Answer, 0-1; E. Geary's Ireland
beat Sterl & Knowles* Sleety Mist. 4-3: T. W.
Bartels' Mac's Melody beat Aeneid Kennels'
Athena, 15-5; J. '.P. .Thrift's Brutus beat P.
StelnhofTs Veto. 10-1: J. P. Thrift's St. Michael
beat H. Lynch'e Emma M, 4-2; Ersklne &
• Jones' Lavender beat A..Buker> Kanaka, 12-5;
Pasha Kennels' Rural Artist beat I). J. Hea
ley's Lads Claire, 5-4; G5 Bonar's Wild Norali
beat P. MeCabe's Fair Lillie.' 7-3; H. Lynch'a
Game Cock beat Georee - Shaman's Bowery
Boy. 5-3; P. Reilly's LadyGranard beat R. K.
de B. Lopez's. Sara, 16-6: Maher & Reid's Bart
Boy beat A. Johnson's Tod Sloan, 4-2; P. J.
Reilly's Honesty beat Curtis '&¦ Sons' Echo,
5-3; F. Jones' Wedeewood ' beat J. Carroll's
Auckland, 5-1; J. Putton's Master Lawrence
beat M. London's Maeneto, 1S-4; J. Dean's
¦\Varco beat P. J. Rellly's 'Plousrhboy, E-3;
Pasha. Kennels' Rollickinr Airs beat D. .1.
Healey's Tapioca, 2-1; E. Geary's Bonnie Pasha
beat Sterl & Knowles' For Glory. 13-11; Pasha
KenneU' Belle Claire beat R. L. Taylor's Mose.
6-5; F. \Tbnes'. Harlean Gladys beat Connell
Bros.'. White Hat, 12-0; Paeha Kennels' Royp.l
Anno beat T. J. Cronln's Wild Traiee, 8-2;
K. Geary's Palo Alto beat K. M. KelloEK's
Ben'e Ba.be, 11-5; Aeneid Kennels' Achilles beat
F. A. McComb's Bona Tide, 15-13; E. M. Kel
lngg's Sweet Emma beat R. E. de B. Lopez'"
WarrlRo. 6-0; J, P. 'Thrift's Forget beat Sterl
Sr Knowles' Amarosa. 11-5; Thomas McCool's
Finn McCool beat Pasha Kennels' Roman Ath
lete. 6-4: J. Holden's Scottish Chief beat R. K.
de B: Lopez's Diablo, -4-0; J. Keenan's Lady
Sears beat D. Toland's Pleasant Girl,- S-2; Cur
tis & Sons' Anchor beat E. M. Kellogg'g Kid
McCoy, 14-9; H. A. Deckelman's Belle Rocket
beat Kay Bros.' Hawker. 14-2; C. O. Peterson's
Silver Cloud beat P. Doyle's Liberator. 9-7;
George Sharman's Chicago Boy beat Erwln &
Lyons' Silver Wings, 4-2; D. J. Healey's Ni
caslo beat J. P. Thrift's Sir Hurtle 4-0; O.
Zahl's Mis* Wilson beat Curtis & Sons Psyche,
6-S; M. Dunlea's Erin beat Curtis & Sons' Mc-
Kinley. 6-0; M. M. Sheehan's Stam B beat H.
A. Deckelman's Flyaway. 5-3; E. M. KelloKj s
Iowa Boy beat Jeff Martenett's Slim, 1S-9; Cur
tis & Sons' War Eagle a bye; Sterl & Knowles'
Olita. beat L. G. Hodfckin's Palmflower. 4-0;
P. J. Rellly's Royal Union beat J. P. Thrift's
Tyrone Prince. 8-6; Aeneid Kennels" Agamem
non beat A. Johnson's Mountain Beauty, 9-2;
AeneJd Kennels' Fine Fire beat T. J. Cronln's
Thornhlll. 12-1; S. Handy's Twin City Girl beat
J. Keenan's Lundln Links, 2-0: J. J. Keenan's
Sleigh Bells beat Sullivan & Trainer's My. Se
lection, 21-9; Connell Bros.' Mftmle Pleasant
beat H. Lynch's Lyddite. 14-10; J.^ Cane's Mas
ter Davenport beat McCarthy & Vlnal'sJ Prai
rie Princes*, 15-13; James Dean's Connemara
beat F. A. McComb's Sir Pasha. 8-4; P. Rellly's
Cascade beat. T. J. Vixen, S r 4;
George Sharman'e Miss fekyrocket beat Curtis
& Sons' Kibosh, 6-4; Connell Bros.' St. Helen
beat Curtis & Sons' Warpath, 6-4; F. Jones'
Tom Hurlick beat P. Doyle's Thelma, 3-1; J.
Cane's Greenhall beat A. Johnson's Lowlander.
18 - 4 ' . _ . i .. _ J . ' '¦'- ¦ ¦
Figured by the Talent. as
a ¦Strong': Candidate ,
for the Stake;
FAST WEDGEWOOD
IS A FAVORITE
Motorman Kelly Driven to Suicide by Inability to Effect a
Reconciliation With Mother of His Children
There was no father loved his wife and chil
dren better than I did, and to live In this
world without them i* more than I could stand.
Pearl, I begged of you tojrive me one more
chance, but you would not do it. This Is too
bad that it's come to this. Tell- the children
to pray for me. O, how I did wish to fee
them.. My poor little man. -Papa's boy. . It is
too bad, Pearl, " you put the children against
me. but do the best you can. you never will see
Johney 'again. I have.. been good to you. I
hope you will get along all right after I am
gone. ¦- 1 want you to 'come and see me after
I am dead and give me your last kiss if you
will. Tell the children I am dead, my poor
little children. .Bury me in my long tall coat.
My Native Sons badge 1» on the coat. The
Native Son* will bury me. Pearl, I loved you
to the last, but It was no uie. you never
loved me. -I hope you will pra-y for me.
,Good by, i>j JOHNET.
The other letter was addressed to his
sisters,, Mrs. Mary Ellen Thompson of 309
Taylor street and Lena Kelly. In It he
said:
This is tiro bad, but It had to come to this.
To live^without roy wife and children was more
than. I could stand. I,- love them all. Now.
girls,' I am better off. and don't feel bad for
me. .You done all* you could foe me.
Kelly and his wife did not get along well
together and as the years of their mar
ried life • wore on the tension became
greater and his wife left him five months
ago and took the children with her to San
Jose, where she is at present residing,
conducting a small "notion" and grocery
store. The sisters of the suicide did all
that lay in their power to effect a recon
ciliation between the estranged couple,
but all their efforts were fruitless. The
man was willing and anxious to live with
his wife and children, but the woman set
her face against the proposition.
Kelly was a native of "California; and 40
years old. He was at one time Super
intendent of Streets in San Luis Obispo
and belonged to the Fireman's Associa
tion of that place. After his wife left
him he came to this city* and was broken
in recently as a motorman on the Third
street electric car line. He was a mem
ber of Los Osos Parlor of Native Sons.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 15.— Mrs. Pearl A. Kel
ly, wife of John H. Kelly. \who committed
suicide In San Francisco this morning,
keeps a jjrocery store on South Seventh
street. She claims that Kelly was shift
less and that she had to support him and
her four children. There were besides re-
Hgrlous differences, which were a cause of
constant lnharmony and finally separa
tion. He had threatened suicide before. . ,
ENDS HIS LIFE BECAUSE
HIS WIFE FORSOOK HIM
THE SAN FRANCISCO CATjL r SUNDAY,' DECEMBER 16, 1900.
Defeats Malay and Dr. Bemays in Very Fast Time for
the Buriingame— Three Choices in Front.
PAT MORRISSEY PROVES
WINNER OF THE STAKE
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
THE LATE • JOHN H. KELLY,
WHO KILLED HIMSELF
WHILE DESPONDENT.
38
ADVTETISEMENTS.
tTHe Calif orniia Limited
The Sitnta Fe ; new.. and sumptuous
:rain, through tOiChicago-
in 75 hours, begins January 1st.
TO THE rUBLIO!
rtfflfath & AN FRANCISCO, Oct.
MR" t. 1JC0."— To whom It ir.ty
MHP^^H ccccern: Thl» ls to certify
WSz. ¦ that DR - W ONO HIM of
vSfcC F 115-117 Mason afreet. San
" V? fl; ~>L * Francisco, haa cured me
<ts& j cf kidney trouble and
/m^S!*/ rheumatism and I am
J¥t5»-A^ happy to make thli etate-
"•¦• J5^. m»nt. as I Cnd th» Doctor
rtTfTitm' n«1VliVi^ itrictly honest ln every
*en»e cf tbe word and an
"VHBmE&L;**^ honorable man ln alt hla
ti allntf . DR. C A. OAT. Dentist, 902 Second
ave.. Beattle. Waah.
PIKOLJE, Juae H. 18»J.^I take this means 'f
expTtzttot my thanks to Dr. Wont Him, 115-
iif Maiton *tre«t, San Francisco, for having
cured me of Udney, womb trouble and cancer
of the stomach. I was a treat sufferer for IS
year* and found do permanent relief until I
tried Dr. Wonj Him and ln alx month*' time
be fcai cured me. Any perron wlihlcc m» to
certify thl» can finfl roe. ¦ -
MRS. GEORGE BETZ
Pinole. Centra Cocta C6unty. Cal.
F. F.. December 4. 1S39.— Dr. Wonc Him. 115-
3 it M»«on tt.. S. F.. Cal.— Dew Blr: Forth*
benefit cf ethers I with to make a etattment of
rny ette. which was heart trouble. After treat-
:r.'c «"lth rlx eminent pbyrlclana my casa was
rror.fwjncwl Incurable. Heatiof of Dr.'Wonf
H'.r.t. and til* wonderful curet, I deckled to try
Mit herb treatment. He did all he claimed, and
after trettlnr clx month* I am now well and
»trcnc- Tour*, respectfully,
MTIS. BARLOW. 10J7 Mlwilon at..' B. T.
BLEEDING PILES
And All Other Forms of This Com-
" ~ mon and Annoying Disease
Cured by the Pyramid
Pile Cure. ,
Thousands of men and women suffer
from some form of piles without either
knowing the exact nature of the trouble,
or, knowing it, carelessly allow it .to run
without using the simple meansof a-, rad-
ical' cure. . : . " •
The failure of salves and ointment to
cure piles ;has led many sufferers to be-
lieve the only, permanent cure .to be a
surgical operation*, but '.surgical operations
;are 'dangerous. to life and moreover" very
expensive. and by : no means always or
even often, successful. ,',
The safest and surest 1 way to cure any
case of piles, whether, itching, protruding
of -bleeding, ls to - use the Pyramid Pile
Cure, composed of healing vegetable oils,
ami absolutely free from, mineral poisons
and opiate?. v- ¦¦ \ . .
.Mr." Wm. Handschu of Pittsburg, Pa ';
after suffering ¦. severely. ; , from- . ¦ bleeding
piles, writes as follows :-„•',- .
"I take pleasure writing these few llne«
to let you knowthat I^dld nofsleep.for
three months except for a short time each-
night because of a. bad case '.of, bleeding
piles. I was down in bed and doctors did
me no good. V ;¦• »- f=?-v ; . ..
"A good brother told meof Pyramid Pile
Cure and I bought frorri my druggist three
fifty cent boxes. They.completely cured
¦me and I will -soon be able to go to mi-
work again." ' . : . *. . ;
The Pyramid Pile Cure Is not; only the
eafeat and surest pile remedy; but. it is by
far the widest known and -most popular -
because bo many thousands have tried It
and found it exactly as represented.
: Every Physician and .druggist in the
country knows the Pyramid Pile Cure and
what It will do. *feBUHMKng|HHmiiKBMef!
- Send Jto: Pyramid Drug Col,, Marshall.
Mich., for little book on , Cause and i Cure
of Piles mailed free to any address or bet-
5, er 2$* *fl a Mt Y-
ttseirat the nearest drug store and tn- It
to-night. . f ' ¦
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Applied Locally and Directly to the Affected Parts.
Why the Frightful Tension of Stricture is Dissolved Like Snow
Beneath the Sun— IN FIFTEEN DAYS.
Why Weak Men Are Restored by the Magic St.' James Treatment
— — ~yz~~ : w * answer the ques-
*Ci"«3^^^ tions briefly. If you
|rC. v -«^^ cut an artery in
t your arm - you do
/ 'V©>SNi not take '. Internal
)^fc« yttJwffT medicine to stop the
/ v M^?f^a f" 0^' of blood. YOU
V\ J&V/Jm uyE LOCAL AP-
>* *S I^*W PLICATIONS. Sim-
ti^ . jf illarly -when the ure-
**Ci^^ '^r vfL thral . ducts become
/(vykk- weakened and re-
laxed u ls ndicu-
rapTC-X-^yiiay Ious to take internal
treatment, which must pass through the
stomach and urine before It reaches. the
seat of disease. The seminal ducts projeet
into the urethral canal through the Pros-
tate Gland, and are easily reached by LO-
CAL treatment. The St. James treat-
ment Is prepared In the form of crayons,
very narrow, smooth/flexible and wholly
soluble, which are Inserted Into the water
passage at flight, where they dissolve
and deposit the medication' in its full
strength upon the
Prostate Gland,
Contracting and strengthening the ducts.
FOREVER STOPP1 NG drains and emis-
sions, and curing while the patient sleeps.
_Dr. Cartels "Gran-Solvent" soluble
Bougies will dissolve, digest and forever
remove urethral ¦ i - ¦
Stricture
In 15 days, without pain. Injury or incon-
venience/ The bougies are inserted at
night and act while you sleep. "Oran-
Solvenf removes every symptom ¦-• of
stricture, leaving the canal as healthy
as when nature formed it. NO BRUTAL
CUTTING OR.DII.ATIN'G. NO INJEC-
TIONS TO IRRITATE THE MEM-
BRANE. NO INTERNAL DRUGGING
TO RUIN, THE STOMACH. The St
James treatment 13 local, direct and posi-
tive.
Varicocele.
Varlcoeele Is an accumulation of slug-
gish blood in the veins of the scrotum,
due solely to imperfect circulation, and
has its origin ln a diseased' and torpid
Prostate Gland. Operations ln this dis-
ease are only temporary, and no me-
chanical s device yet discovered has cured
a single case. Gran-Solvent heals the
Prostate and restores healthy circulation
Varicocele disappears and the sluggish
Accumulation Is replaced by pure, healthv
red blood.. »;
19,846 men strlctured. wpak, wasting and
despondent were cured and restored by
the St. Ja.mes method last year. A vast
army of men In' whom th« lljrht of life
has penetrated the fearful nightmare of
stricture and seminal decay.
Every Man Should Know Himself.
Space will not permit a complete description of the incompar- mm ri». mgm — »
Rble St. James treatment In .urethal dlaaasee. Every, sufferer ril b^B^
from Stricture and Its offspring. Prostatltis and Seminal Weak- ¦ | H 9 R
ness, should write to the St. Jame* Association. N. AV. cor. Fifth ¦"» BE Hi h
and Elm streets. Cincinnati, Ohio, for their wonderful Illustrated W m Fm W^ "T
work showing the parts of the human system involved in urethal ¦ f| fl p y
ailments, which they will send securely wrapped ln plain pack- I \\ ¦ B— H^
age. prepaid . ¦¦ ¦¦
HOMJP TPFATMFNT cast be fsed bt the patient as sue
llVSiTlE^, IKCrllHlUll CKS8FULLY AS BY OURSELVES.
St. James Assn.v. 250 Elm St.," Cincinnati, O.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
— OF THE — ¦
CONNECTICUT MUTUAL
, LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HARTFORD. IX THE STATE OF CON-
nectlcut. on the 31st day of December, A.
D. 1599, and for the year endln? on that day.
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the req-ilre-
rnrntB of Section 613 of the Political Code of
said State.
. ASSETS.
Xet value of Real Estate owned by
the Company...: ...$11,611,937 33
Amount of Loan? secured by Bond
and Mortgage on "Real Estate 2S.192.C57 64
Airount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks or other market-
able securities as collateral. 2.300 00
Premium notes and loans ln any
form taken ln payment of pre-
miums on policies now In force 82^943 23
Cash market value of all Stocks and. / »
Bonds owned by the Company 23.7S1.9S4 06
Amount of Cash deposited In Banks 85«.«17 £3
Interest due and accrued 9*3.777 28
Rents due and accrued, 16.S05 02
Net amount of premiums ln process
of collection and of deferred pre-
miums 335,313 12
Total Assets ...$S4,n83.S39 «l
LIAETI-ITIES. — —
Claims for death losses and matured
endowments, due and unpaid..... J64 953 59
Claims for death losses and matured
endowment* ln process of adjust-
ment, or adjusted but not due.... 248 235 00
Claims resisted by the Company 55 4J2 00
Net present value of _ all the out-
fstandlng policies, computed ac-
cording to the Combined Experi-
ence Tables of Mortality, with
four per cent Interest 55,823 *33 00
Amount of all unpaid dividends to
policy holders 353 967 58
All dther liabilities ; 2s5.iO4 98
Total Liabilities J37.375.39S 02
INCOME. :
Cash received for premiums on new
rollcles during the y^ar $355 » 71 13
Cash received for renewal of pre-
miums during; the year...: 4 335 3-5 n ,
Co*h received for sale of -annuities. ' lijis ™
Cash received for Interest J «">fi'?-T -•»
Cash received for rents j»™ j?
Ca*h received from all other sources S8 - .i30 70
Total Income JS.007.757 31
EXPENDITURES. ===
Cash paid for losses and matured "^"*
endowments : .. ,„ „, ..
Cash paid to annuitants....... iwu sa
Cash paid for surrendered policies"! 53"» M7 ll
Cash paid for dividends to policy * r - W7 a
holders * . ,-- „. .
Commissions paid to agents.......":" l-l-cX m
Salaries and other compensation of ••*••'»»»
efflcers and employes, except
agents and medical examiners.... 153 m M
Salaries and traveling \ expenses of
managers of agencies..^..: y, »«. .„
Medical examiners' fees and nalar- •
Cath "paid "tor ¦taxes.*.".*.'.;."; 3 «?J2 H
Ca.h paid for rent...........*.. 33 '-^ S
Cash paid .for commuting com'mis- ¦*•-»-«»
. . Slon \ • ; ¦ 333.312 03
Total Expenditures during the " " :
d^tfssg&s/ssr 11 to b * fore » ; - th «» »th
•NATHAN P. PECK. Xotary Public
A. K P. HARMON
DISTRICT SUPERINTENDENT '
Pacific Coast Agencies.
F.R.NOYES, General Agent
v Booms 30-31-32 MILLS BUILDING; '
SAN FJUNCI3CO." CAL. '
SENT FREE TO MEN!
A Host Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vizor
to Hen.
to Ail Who Write.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mail
Free trial paxkapes of a most remarka-
ble remedy are being mailed to all who
will write the State Medical Institute,
They cured so many men vho had bat-
tled for years against the mental and
physical suffering of lost manhood that
the Institute has decided to distribute
free trial packages to all who writ*. It
Is a home treatment, and all men who
suffer from any form of sexual weakness
resulting from youthful folly, premature
loss of strength and memory, weak back.
varicocele or emaciation of parts can uow
cure themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly gritefal
• ffect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development just where it Is needed
It cures all the ills and troubles .hat come
from years of misuse of the natural func-
tions and has been an absolute success in
all cases. A request to the Btato Medical
Institute, 328 Elektron building:. Port
Wayne. Ind., statins; that you desire one
cf their free trial packages, will be com-
plied with promptly. The Institute I? de-
eirous of reaching that great class of men
who are unable to leave home to be treat-
ed, and the fr*« sample will enable thera
to tee how easy it is to be cured of sex-
ual weakness when the proper remedies
are employed. The Institute makes no re-
strictions. Any man who writes will bo
s>ent a free sample, carefully sealed in m.
plain package, so that Its recipient need
nave no fear cf embarrassment or public-
ity. Readers are requested to write with-
out delay. - ., ,-.¦•;
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
STATEMENT
—OB" THE*
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
Fireman's Fund
INSURANCE COMPANY.
OF SAN FRANCISCO. IN THE STATE OF
California, on the 31st day of December.
A. D. 1S39. and for the year ending- on that
day. as mada to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State cf California, pursuant to th»
provisions of sections 610 and «11 of the Politi-
cal Code, condensed as per blank furnished by
the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up ta
Cash ~ Jl.000,000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company J491.700 90
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 423,791 73
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 2, 113.040 00
Amount of Loans secured by pledffa
of Bands. Stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral 15S.0O0 0A
Cash in Company'* OfSce 1».51» IS
Cash in Banks 1S3.930 55
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 1.170 13
Interest due and accrued on Bonds •
and Mortgages 15,033 44
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 334,«24 07
Warrants 1.454 3D
Due from other Companies for Re-
Insurance on losses already paid... 7.197 W
Total Assets......'. $3,737,511 5J
LIABILITIES. ~™
Losses adjusted and unpaid CO. OSS 43
Losses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 137.SM 71
Losses resisted, includins expenses... 3.775 (JO
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or leas. 1363,104 U; re- ; ' • | .'\
Insurance Zti per cent 4S4J77 23
Gross premiums on Fire Risk* run-
ning more than one year. S1.336,-
02S SI; reinsurance pro rata 713,08130
Gross premiums on Marine Tlnie
Risks. %..'. ; reinsurance 60 per
cent 1111*4 «7
Total Liabilities ..S1.4S8..WS M
awiiswi isi.ijipii -
, INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums .' tl.413.K3 (»
Net cash actually received for Ma-
rine premiums 333.S07 "4
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages « ...\. ...... JL241 W
Received for interest and dividends
<x.i Bonds. Stocks. Lcana. and from
all ether sources i;*.l3* *>
Received for Rents..:.., 23.S57 S3
Received for profit on sale of securi-
ties l.aaw
Total Income ....tUTS-MS tt
EXPEXT>ITCRE3. •
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding $ losses of previous iLi,
years* JS54.J73 S3
'Net amount paid for Marine Leases
(Including i losses of pre-
vloua years *"•«"
Dividends Jo Stockholders i».iM» w
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage B3.M «
Paid for Salaries. Fees, and Mher ,
charges for officers, clerks, etc . , c **" •"
Palrt for State. National and Local _._.*,.
*j*ajj^ s * _ r 4-....- *#»•*• **
All other payments and ex^en^"
tures ¦¦ ya - 183
Total Expenditures S2.M.K3 37
Losses incurred during the year 3
Losses Incurred during thej^ar t373.02? 10
Risks and Premiums. 1 Fire Kl»*». Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
yea""...^."*. .^ n^- 974 - 04 W. 982 - 409 ™
Net amounV'oV Ri«k's
yrar'Tl...^."'." 1 ' »»•«»•»« O.W.475 43
Net amount in force.
n>.n,)^im 1 n37.CT.0ffT U.355,131 2o
Rlslc, and Pr^jm^ Mar. Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Rl»J"
ye'ir 1 - 011 . .I 12 .' 1 "* • • • i ¦ HW.8M.BS JS35.7M «
Net amount at Risks
year^ —•¦•• 51 ' 234 $S2i590 60 '
N DV c SV >n isg e , kmm tuuttt?
TVM J- DtTirrON. Prest.
BERNARD FATMONVILLB. S*cy.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. tWa 15U»
day of January. 1000. m^
rvputy Insurance Commissioner. T
i . _ . . .
*m* • »¦ a 0± Laflln ' & Rand "Watsr».-oo;
¦ 1 ¦ I rA i I, ¦ Smokoless Powder. In hulk
ill i\l and loaf5 '*'i ln "helta. aWn.!
IVl |H.\ for cataiosrue of iportln-^
W.W1»W 739 Market »tre«U
40fS^K 0NE PIIDCC
ri^^^ bottle LUnto
/ MCBURNEY'S
)^v T&S&j K"ir1npv" niJBIadlI * r
/ w * r rvjuiiey cure
v\ *yW A thorough cure for
« I palna in the back,
V** Jk BRICHT'S DISEASE,
24 r^J female tronbles, incon-
tiuence of urlno. brick dnst deposits, bed-
wetting of children, navel, gall stones,
dropsy, diabetes, and rheumatism.
FOR SALE AT
PAHLBENDEK DRUG CO.. 214 Kearny at.
AND AT
THE OWL DRUG CO.. 112S Market »L
Bend 23e In Ic stamps to W. F. McBurney.
418 8. Sprlnsr at.. Loa Angeles. Cal.. for 5
days' treatment. Prepaid $1 50. DruKulsts.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
j$vi8i« OR- JORDAN'S mmt
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
f £) K3UBHw.wi.eii7a.3..\«.
. 2/ Tbt Litr«tAn»to«ie«l Muwvin in tb«
9 - JL, Wwtd. WctkMiHi m aa* contracted
() fl^fi OR. WRDWM»RnfATE DISEASES
i #®S^1 to*" 1 "* 1 ** *«• •"« «"rt» printa,
B I XVHr R Trt ••¦"eat pert«n«lijr or by Inter. A
\ B tf^k W *+*"— C*r*ta rrwry cam* tauiertakca.
Ami am writ* for Book. raiLosorair**
f ¦ M HT MBBU6E. MAtLXO HU (A
1 M fl/' «ahiabl* book for mrt)
f DK JOKDA?T«ltCO..10UiUrketHt-.aF.
A Most Acceptable Present
For Lady or Gentleman ! •
Goodform
Closet Set
THE ONLY PRACTICAL METHOD EVER INVENTED.
6AVES TIME, TEMPER, ROOM AND CLOTHES.
Bi> 1 ... 1 if
Ann«2 to tne ltfe of f - lotnln £ *>? keeping it in good condition and giving tt
rxuLrsj that much sought for fresh-from-the-tallor appearance.
TRTTI? Af*T'^ from the care and worry of life by putting order and con-
OUU 1 rvr%W 1 O venience into th« closet and doubling or trebling its ca-
pacity.
IY1I1I TIl^I IF^y 0111 " i°Y s b y enabling you to find what you want at a
ITlULt 1 IrLILO glance, and without displacing a single garment other than
the one desired.
SETS ARE $3.00 EACH, PREPAID BY EXPRESS.
Two Sets in One Shipment $5.50.
Sample Goodform Closet Sets are $1.00 each.
For Men there are 4 Garment Yokes, 2 Trousers Hangers, and 1 Loop.
For Women there are 4 Garment Yokes, 4 Skirt Hangers, and 1 Loop.
Automatic Trousers Hanger. 25e; 4 for $1.00 1 Shelf Bar 25c; 4 for HM
Closet Loops 25c; 4 for l.OO I Automatic Skirt Hanger 15c; 8 for 1.00
Garment Yoke 10c; 12 for $1.00
PALACE HARDWARE CO.
603 Market Street. San Francisco.
IMPORTERS FIXE CARVERS. CUTLERY. MANICURE GOODS, SCIS-
SOR SETS, ETC.
Vli : . AGENTS CORBIN'S ART HARDWARE.THE LATE HENRY SEVENING,
BANK PRESIDENT OF ALA
MEDA.
Fatal Besult of Fall.
OAKLAND, Dec. 15.— Quang Tick, the
Corean who has been under treatment
since last Monday at the Receiving Hos
pital, died this morning. He was injured
by falling from the narrow gauge local
and never rallied from the shock-
Death of Mrs. Pallies.
OAKLAND. Dec. 15.— Mrs. Alexander
Pallies, wife of the San Francisco com
mission merchant, died last night at the
family residence, 3813 Telegraph avenue. -
The funeral services .will take place to
morrow at Sacred : Heart Churcn. De
ceased was a native of France, : 48 years
of aee. - ''-S&B&Zgsz-*': .
Arrested on a Charge of Robbery.
OAKLAND. Dec. 15.— On complaint ; of
Elijah Leftridge of LIvermore, Philip
and Mariana Higuera and' W. M. Rich
ardson, all of- that place, were arrested
by Constable Fitzgerald to-day and
brought down to the County. Jail. Left
ridge, accuses the- trio of taking a small
amount of money from him. '
Youthful Hunter Loses Fingers.
BERKELEY. Dec. 15.— William KIdd.
the 16-year-old son of J. W. Kidd of 163*5
Berkeley way, had the first two lingers of
his right hand shot off while hunting in
the hills yesterday. The lad had Just fin
ished putting a charge down in a' muzzle
loading rifle when the cap was exploded.
Your Name in Gold.
Tour name In gold letters or metal ini
tial, free of charge, on all fine pocket
books, letter and card cases, memorandum
and bill books, diaries, cameras and trav
eling sets. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Mar
ket street. . . • •/..
* : — 4.
ALAMEDA, Dec. 15.— Henry Seven
ing, president of the Bank of Al
ameda and the Alameda Savings
Bank and a pioneer of Califor-
nia, died this morning at his res
idence, 2439 Central avenue. Though Mr.
Sevening had been a sufferer for some
time from Bright'a disease, he v was not
thought to be dangerously, sick, and the
announcement that he had passed away
came as a shock to a large circle of
friends. Mr. Sevening recently returned
from Mexico, where he went to look after
some business investments, and only yes
terday afternoon he was enjoying a drive
with his daughters. Late last night, how
ever, he was suddenly stricken, and
though he revived for a time he com
menced to sink again, and at 2 o'clock
this morning his life went out.
Henry Sevening was born in Westpha
lia. Germany, sixty-seven years ago. In
1852 he came direct from his German home
to California, settling In.Vorktown. Tuo
lumne County, where he engaged in min
ing with Fritz Boehmer, another pioneer
resident of Alameda, with whom ne was
associated for many years. The firm later
went into the general merchandise busl-
BADLY INJURED BY
FALL FROM A TRAIN
While Returning From Races
at Emeryville. :
San Francisco Port&r Seriously Hurt
OAKLAND, Dec. 15.— Harry Fceney, a
porter living at Third and Brann.-ui
streets, in San Francisco, fell from the
step of the racetrack train near the Six
teenth-street station this afternoon and
sustained severe injuries. At the Receiv
ing Hospital the attendant physicians
found that he was suffering from concus
sion of the brain and from shock, which
may result fatally.-^. Sv£» : . ''.'\\^J:i-
Some of Feeney's fellow passengers
stated that he was sitting on the car
steps, when the conductor asked him. for
his far?. He appeared to be under the in
fluence of liquor, and in '.trying to find his
ticket lost his balance and fell to the
ground. I
OAKLAND
PULPITS
OAKLAND. Dec. 15.— The pulpit at the
First Methodist Church will be occupied
to-morrow morning by Bishop John W.
Hamilton, a noted divine. Dr. Dille will
preach in the evening upon "The Intel
lectual Progress of the Century."
Rev. John Coyle presided at the first
quarterly conference of the year, which
was held at the First Methodist Church
Monday "evening. The reports of the
various officers were encouraging.
An address will be given by Miss Jessie
Aekerman to-morrow evening at the
Tenth Avenue Baptist Church in East
Oakland. Miss Aekerman is making a
trip around the world under the auspices
of the National Woman's Christian Tem
perance Union.
President T. G. Brownson of the Cali
fornia College will speak in the morning
at the First Baptist Church. "The Exten
sion of Christ's Kingdom" will be the sub
ject of an address by Henry J. McCoy,
president of the San Francisco Young
Men's Christian Association, in the even-
Ing.
Rev. William Thomas of Los Angeles
will occupy the pulpit of the Twenty
third Avenue Baptist Church in the
morning and evening.
Rev. Charles R. Brown, pastor of the
First Congregational Church, will speak
in the morning upon "The Laymen's Use
of the Bible' and in the evening his ad
dreps will be upon "The Contagion of
Life."
The morning sermon at the First Pres»
byterian Church will be preached by the
R'ev. Frank S. Brush of Alameda. The
Rev. Frank H. Foster of the Pacific
Theological Seminary will preach In the
evening.
Rev. II. W. Fraser of the Brooklyn
Presbyterian Church will preach In the
morning upon "Our Christian Heroes"
and in the evening upon "Unconscious
Deterioration."
At the Unitarian Church Miss Peixotto
will speak in the evening on "The Later
Do«trines of Social Progress." Rev. B.
Fay Mills will preach in. the morning.
Evangelist Clark is attracting consider
able attention In Washington Hall, East
Oakland, where large crowds gather each
evening.
Ecrman and Baker to Box.
OAKLAND. Dec. 15 -Tom Herman of
Fa:i Francisco and George linker of L^n
vt-r wiil mfot in a fifteen -round contest
at the Reliance Club Tuesday everlns
r;cxt to decide the feather-weight cham
pionshlp of th" ccapt. Herman recently
defeated Hilly tie Coursey. and Is a com
:vc tig-hur. if he succeeds in putting
Baker out in the short ord^r he has put
ether men out be will po Ea5t and trv
conclusions with Tfrry McGovern.
You "v7ill Be Eight in It.
A special men's \ic: kid. box calf, se&l
tkln or kangaroo shces. worth $4 to (5,
nmjI be sold to-morrow for Jl 85 a pair.
These ehocs are hand sowed, stylish. All
tii.es. At the thue trust sate of the Bed
liive Shoe Ccrr.j.ar.y. 717 Market street,
l:tar Third. •
Come Along.
Do not delay. This week the greatest
shoe bargains in the world. You can wear
good and stylish shoes by buying them
right in the right place. $3 shots for men
and women to-morrow for '1 Zj a pair, jit
th«* assignee shoe sale of the Boston, 773
Market street, near Fourth. •
DEATH SUDDENLY CALLS
AGED ALAMEDA BANKER
Dreamed of the Banker's Death.
ALAMEDA, Dec. l r >.— Frank' P. Furey.
a Park-street business man and an old
friend of Bank President Henry Sevenlng,
who died this morning, tells a. strange
story cf a presentiment of his friend's
death that came to him Tuesday night
In a dream.
"When I went home that night," said
Mr. Furey "I had a feeling of depression.
After I fell asleep I had a strange dream.
I found mvself In the Masonic Temple
actinp the part of a newspaper reporter.
I was seated at a table taking notes, and
standing about me were all the old friends
of Mr. Sevenine:, among them the most
prominent citizens of Alameda and mem
bers of the Masonic order. They kept ,up
a lowi chanting and 3oon there came a
number of men bearing: the remains cf
Mr. Sevening. which were in a casket. I
could see his face quite plainly and ho
looked just like I've seen him look a
thousand times. After the chanting
ceased a curtain was drawn and then 1
was shut off from a further view. I
awoke after this," but after I got to sleep
again the same dream came back to mo
with a little more vividness. The dream
was repeated three timts."
Mr. Furey says he intended to tell Mr.
Sevening- about his strange presentiment,
but did not see him a grain before his
death. He told Mr. Wever about It the
following morning and the latter remem
tiers all the details, as they were related
to him. ,- \
ST. JOHN'S. CONGREGATION
WILL BE HIGH CHURCH
The Rev. Mr.' Ray Is Askad to Re-
consider His Recsnt Resig
nation.
OAKLAND, Dec. 15.— That St. John's
Church will continue its ascent toward
the summit of "high" church ritualism is
assured by the defeat last night of the
Vlow" church advocates and the re-elec
tion of the Rev. Mr. Ray, the pastor
whose 'extreme views 'on the subject
caused the recent splifln the congrega
tion.
Mr/ Ray had ' already resigned his
charge and accepted one in the East, but
he will be requested to reconsider his de
termination and remain in Oakland.
Many of. the conservative members
have left' the. church," but their places
have been more than filled and the vestry
is pleased, with the prosperous condition
of the organization's finances.
FALL TEEM CLOSING
AT MILLS COIXEGE
Programme of Song and. Music Will
3e Contributed by the
Students.
OAKLAND, Defi. 15.— The fall term at
Wlla College will be closed with a con- j
cert which will be given under the dircc- •
t!on of Professor Louis Lisser next Tues
day evr-niriR in the college auditorium. J
Members of Professor Lisser's piano j
class, the vocal class of Professor H. B.
Pasmcre. the vionn class of Givilio Mi- t
netti and the choral class of Professor
Pasmore v.-ill assist. The programme will
be as follows:
'•Spinning Song," from "The Flying Dutch
man" tWagner), Choral Clars; impromptu, B
flat oil 142 < Schubert*. Misn Gertrude Eells;
"Time Enough" <N>vfn) and '-Let Me Ix>ve
Thee" <Ar<iiti>. Miss Cs>ie Rlnper; fantasia, IJ
minr-r (Mozart). Mips Ko Ma'suda; "All Souls'
Day" *Laf!=er.) an«l "'The Magic Song" (Meyer-
HeilmunU). MIfs Lr-ila Mcl>ermott; "The. Spin
ning Whepl" and "I-i i"apricciosa" (Paplnl).
Miso Viola Furth; prelude, romance and min
uet from Suit- In E minor. --cp. 72 (RafT). Miss
Margaret Kemble: "AJaRio l'ath*tique' {God
ard) and "Vn Solr a I'orticl" (F'apini), Mis3 J
Willie Finl"y: 'Unsarischo Suite." op. 16
(Hoffir.an), Mikp Basel Boytl; aria. "Flgllo
Mic." from "The Prophet." and "Oavotte." |
from ••Mipnor.." Mis=» Willie Flnley. "Karaen- ¦
not Ostrwo" (Rubinstein) an<1 '.'LuttOW'a
Wilde Jatd" (Weber-Kullak). Miss Palsy
Goodman; "Th? Angel" (Hubinstein) and
"Down In the. Dewcy I>eU" (Smart). <;horal
Cla.«s.
In behalf of the Lirser Hall building
fund a fair was held at the college last j
evrnini?. It wns a success. A luncheon i
was served to-day to friends of the col- I
lege. j
TSREATENS BREACH
OF PROMISE SUIT
Mrs. Barbara Hoffman and Captain
Iitartin Johnson Have a Dif-
ference to Settle.
¦BERKELEY. r>>c. 15-Martin Johnson,
a steamship captain, has accused Mrs.
Barbara Hoffman, his former hcuse
kerper, of robbery. The case will be
beard In the local Justice Court next
Vi'edr.pfiav afternoon.
Behind the charges of robbery !s a tale
of a friendship which existed some time
a?ro bptwoon Captain Johnson and his
houseke^piT. The latter declares that
they were engaged, but this is denied by
Johr.fon's attcrney.
A search warrant was secured by John
«r>n and mud en Mrs. Hoffman at 2413
Tenth srreet. West IJcrkoley. the home of
her sister. Mrs. Charles Warner. A sew
in? machine, bedspread and eyeglass were
perurod. to which both Johnson and Mr?.
HcJTman lay claim of ownership. John-
Eoa'a attorney. H. Uutton of Oakland.
.•-airi that the goods belonped to the cap
'v.'.r., but were taken by his housekeeper
when h> discharged her. This dismissal
was broueht about, so Attorney Button
F3yf, by Mrs. Hoffman circulating stories
that she was engaged and later to be mar
ried to Johnson. To this Mrs. Hoffman
faii to-night:
"Captain Johnson and I vrcre engaged.
sr<1 if hf sue? rn<? I shall !=ue him for
breach of promise The eocds v.hich he
pot on a Karcb warrant belong t<< me.
He is captain of the City of Pueblo."
Search warrant proceedings will b<?
h<*ard before Justice Kdgar ou Wednes
day.
Mrs. John Yule, Mrs. Remi Chabot. Mrs.
J. A. Foljjer, Mrs. W. W. Standefora. Mrs. C.
¦VC. Armea Jr.. Mrs. William R. Davis. Mrs.
AUcn I). Wilson. Mr?. H. U. I-athrop. Mrs. <J.
A. Chase, Mrs. R. W. McChosney, Mrs. O. AV.
Dornln. Mrs. C. E. Cotton. Mrs.. W. T. Barton,
Mrs. Wallace Kverson. Mrs. H. F. Cooke, Mrs.
Hugo Abrahamson, Mrs. I). P. Downing, Mrs.
John Adams, Mrs. S. T. Alexander. Mrs. Wil
liam Antrus. Mrs. E. J. Barrett, Mm. Albert
Brown. Mro. A. \V. B^rrell. Mrs. H. A. But
ters. MisK Catherine Chabot, Mrs. G. S. Cham
berlain, Mrs. William Clift. Mrs. O. W. Cook,
Mrs. Charle3 E. Cotton, Miss Etta Everaon,
Mrs. George E. Falrchlld, Mrs. A. G. Freeman,
Mrs. S. M. Gilman. Mrs. A. II. Glascock. Mrs.
R. W, Gorrlll. Miss Janet C. Ilalght, Mm. E.
T. Henshaw. Mrs. E. A. Heron. Mrs. E, M.
Herrlck, Mrs. Hush Hcgan, Mrs. John !«.
Howard. Mrs. E. II. Jerome, Mrs. George W.
Kelley. Mrs. O. C. Kirk. Miss Loretta K : rk,
Mrs. M. J. Keller, Mrs. Faul Lohse, Mrs. John
Maxwell. Mrs. J. P. McCabe. Mrs. J. M. Mer
rill. Mrs. AVllIlam Moller. Mrs. H. A. Powell,
Mrs. K. Remlllard, Mrs. P. X. Remlllard. Mrs.
I. L. Kequa, Mrs. A. M. Rosborou(?h. Mrs. E.
B. Sanborn. Mrs. J. J. Scotchler, Mrs. Prer.
tiFS Selby. Mrp. Wllllany Snook. Mrs. G. M.
Stolp. Mrs. Charles Sutton. Mrs. Kdwln Taylor.
Mrs. E. M. Waleh. Mrs. Francis Weston, Mrs.
E. A. Whitaker, Miss Wlnaldo Wilcox, Mrs.
J. H. Wilson, Mrs. H. O. Trcwbrld^e. Mrs.
Tlomas Crellln, Mrs. William L*tts Oliver,
Mrs. J. M. DrlscoH. Mrs. Oscar I-Aining.
Mrs. Barton was assisted in receiving
by the following named ladies:
OAKLAND. Dec. 15.— Gertrude Markel
obtained from Judge Ellsworth to-day an
absolute divorce from her husband. Da\-ld
Markel. She was also glvt-n permission
to resume her maiden name, Gertrude
Halnea. Mrs. Virginia C. Josephs will
take a change of venue In her divorce suit
now pending In Sacramento and ask to
have the hearing come up before an Oak
land court. In the Police Court this
morning her husband was acquitted on a
technicality of the charge of failure to
provide. In her complaint Mrs. Josephs
alleges shocking cruelty besides other
statutory grounds. Josephs was a police
man and attorney here before his re
moval to Sacramento.
Charles W. Anderson to-day filed suit
for divorce from his ¦wife L«ouise on the
ground of desertion.
Oakland Divorce Record.
response to an encore. It was a very
pretty ceremony.
The little Christmas carolers of Frult
vale have been in existence for several
years. They were iirst organized and
trained by Miss Jean Hush, and for sev
eral Christmaaes past they have been
singing in Fruitvale and the Lakeside d's
trict, putting into actual practice ojie of
the most delightful of olden customs.
Since the marriage of Miss Hush the lit
tle ones have fallen to the care of .Miss
Violet AlbriKht of Fruitvale. Miss Al
bright prepared them for this afternoon's
event. Those who took part are: Helen
Plaw Arthur Dawsen, Emilie HarrolQ,
Lloyd Albright, Susie Harrold. Taylor Al
bright ljoulse Poyd. Warren Harrold.'11
mia Jones. Boyd Harrold. Gilbert Jones,
Alice Albright, Georgle Marwedel. Le.tch
er Albright. Walter Hush, Valentine
Hush. Fannie Plaw. Madlin Clay, Lottie
Tomls, Cecil Harrold. Minnie Corria, Cath
erine Hanson. Freddie Hanson. Charles
King. Alice Glen and Jossie Glen.
The house w.if thronged all the after
noon with ladies who came and went. Be
sides the singing of the children there
were musical numbers. Miss Edith Ver
non "Ward sang the flower song from
"FauFt," andMadnm d'Aivllle-Crellin ren
dered a*beautlful Christmas song dedica
ted to her by the composer, Manfrled.
OAKLAND. Dec. 15.— The illumina
tion of Noel twilight was the
basis or Mrs. Willard T. Barton's
scheme of , decoration for the
Christmas calendar tea given this
afternoon at her home for the benefit of
Fabiola Hospital. The shades were drawn
and Christmas candles twinkled among
the effective wall decorations of holiday
greens. The calendars were strikingly
pot up and their sale netted a handsome
sum for the charity in interest.
The carolers who have become so well
known In Frifltvale were present, twenty
five of thorn, and their sweet childish
voices made their songs the attraction for
the afternoon. As the faint tones of their
serenade floated eerily down the stairway
every one stood on tiptoe. "Merry, Merry
Christmas. Ring the Joyful Bells" they
sang, and jingled the bells as they
marched. As the procession came In sight
the listeners saw that each caroler was
decked after the old custom — with sprigs
of holly. They sang several . caro's, re
peating a chorus softly as they marched
away, and then they had to come back in
LITTLE SONGSTERS WHOSE SWEET VOICES WERE HEARD AT THE CALENDAR TEA GIVEN AT MRS. BAR
TOX'S IX AID OF FABIOLA HOSPITAL. IN THE UPPER RIGHT-HAND CORNER ARE THE FACES OF VAL
ENTINE. WALTER AND WILLIE HUSH.
Oakland Office San FVancisco Call.
1118 Broadway. Dec. Ji
The contractors of Alameda County
have banded themselves together into an
organization that they " cail the Master
Contractors' Advisory Council, as opposed
to the .Building Trades Council, which is
the central organization of all of the la
boring men connected with the building
trades in 'this county. At the head of the
new contractors' organization Is A. \V.
Pattiani, who wa3 instrumental in the
formation. ¦ ¦ . ' -.
The plan of the new organization is to
keep tne master contractors in all build
ing trades lines in touch with eacn other,
and prepare them to meet demands that
may pe made by the Uuildlng Trades
Council. The organization grew out of the
fact that the Building Trades Council
supported the mtlimen in their recent
i-tiih.e iin.d that all building trades work
men nave rerused to worx upon buildings
that did not recognize the union mlllworit
ers. ;'i
"Our organization represents nearly
every contractor in the county," said Mr.
Patnani. "fully fc5 per cent of the con
tractors employing men belong to our or
ganization, and unless the Building
Trades Council recognizes us we will be
able to prevent any of their number from
securing employment. -It means that
there will be no more strikes*, and the
union men will have to reason with us
now."
The union men say\that they are not at
all disturbed - by anjr .such organization;
that they have no plans for any strikes,
and that there Is no reason for such an
organization as the builders have.
As for preventing strikes the men say
that such an organization would be the
very thing that would cause a strike if
it attempted any force methods. They
claim that they only want union labor
recognized in all branches of the building
trades, and that when this Is done there
will be no danger from strikes.
If it comes to a clash under these cir
cumstances it would mean that organized
contractors or organized labor would be
wiped out of existence.
Contractors Say TJiey.W«r« Forced
to It, and the Unions Say
There Is No Need
for It.
Claim to Be^ Prepared
Meet the Building
Trades Council.
MASTER BUILDERS
FORM A COUNCIL
THIS SAN jfiiAJi.uiSCO. CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 16, 1900.
LADIES MAKE CALENDAR TEA
A PRETTY CHRISTMAS FETE
lenry Sevening Er.pys a Drive in the Afternoon With
His Daughters and in the Early Morning Passes Away.
r.ess in Campo Seco, Tuolumne County,
afterward moving to Columbia, In the
same county, where they did a thrivinfc
business and amassed a. considerable for
tune
About fourteen years ago the firm.dis
solved. Mr. Sevenlng came to Alameda
and was the agent for Wells. Fargro & Co.
for a number of years, conducting: a gen
eral banking: and insurance business In
connection with the agency. When the
Bank of Alameda was established Mr.
Sevenlng became associated as one of the
officers, and upon the death of Conrad
I>!ese, the then president, he became pres
ident,, holding the office continuously up
to the time of his death.
Among the-people of Alameda Mr. Sev
en'np endeared himself by his many kind
ly acts. About a year aero Mr. Sevenlngs
wife, who was preatly interested in char
itable works, died, since which time he
has seemed to be falling-. He was promi
nent as a member of the Masonic fra
ternity, being connected with Oak Grove
Jxidge No. 215, F. and A. M. ; Alameda
Chapter, R. A. M., and Pacific Comman
ders' No. 3, K. T., of Sonora, Tuolumne
County. •
Mr. Sevenlng leaves three daughters —
Mrs. Frank Miller. Mrs. Franz Collischoon
and Miss Alma Sevening.
The funeral will beheld on Monday next
at 1 o'clock under the auspices of Oak
Grove Ivodge and the other Masonic fra
ternities from Masonic Hall.
O
39
THOUGHT OF A RUG? Come into the Art Carpet
Shop "and look around" and thinking will be easy. Rich, soft
colored, antique, Oriental in design. Scarcely anything may be
more useful, ornamental or lasting for a holiday gift. Perfect
choice and prices lowest anywhere.
THESE HINTS:
Reversible Smyrna and Japanese Rugs.
18x36 <?Oe 4 x 7 $3.O.-> 12x15 !?li>.<>O
26x54 $l.2."> 6x0 7.5O iSx.21 »7.oO
30x60 1.715 QXI2 1 U.oO
36x72 4.25 12x12 15.60
Soft, Silky Angora Rugs, Large Size.
Royal Wilton Rugs. Axminster Rugs.
30x60 $3.75 Sofa size $2.30
36x70 • P ».7.% Lar^e sofa 4.4O
12x9 feet : 33.OO I
Kensington Art Rugs.
2Y2X3 yards 94.1O 3x3 yards ..$4.95
3 X4 yards $0.30 3x3:2 yards J?5.75
BECAUSE WE ARE SELLING OUT!
228 Powell St., Near Geary.
Extension Tables,. . Dining ¦ Chairs, at H.
Schellhaas', corner Eleventh and Franklin «t».,"
Oakland. , •
»A!)\VAVS BEAD! BELIEF ha* stood
- .rival t! before the public for CO years mm m.
1 air. Itemed?. It Instantly relieve* and quickly
cures ail Colds. 6or« Tbroata. Influenza, Broa-
cbltu. Pneumonia, Rheumatism. Neuralgia.
Headache. Toothache and all pales. Internally
tit Malaria and aU Bowel Pains. AH iragfiMtB.
Parlor Furniture. Fancy Tablf«, at H.
Schellhaaa', corner EHeventh and Franklin sts.,
Oakland. * •
Fancy -Rockers. - Odd Chaira, at H. Schell-
haas', cornerJEleventh and Franklin sts., Oak-
land. -'..*"*"-"-" •" •
Free Rupture Cure,
Wonderfully Brilliant Invention
Sold at a Low Price— A Home
Cure That Is Restoring: Thou-
sands to Perfect Health.
A Free Tr'al That Is Mai!ed to All Who
Send Nsyne and Address.
In speak-
!::*' about his
r e cuarkable
cure of a
dange r o u s
rupture Mr.
I^awrence E.
Meyer. o f
Syracuse, N.
T.. says: "I
tried the
method o t
Dr. nice be-
cause it
seemed such
»- va?t im-
prove m e n t
over a n y-
tfcing else I
had used and
also com-
bined cura-
tive effects
such as no
other treat-
ment con-
MR. LAWRENCE E. METER, tains. I
hadn - t much faith In the possibility of a cure
out the result* are remarkable. I h&d been laid
up tor months, but from the day I bogan the
liice method the njpture did not bother me
Tor a minute. It was only a short time when
1 couldn't f>*\ »ny trace of where the rupture
liad b»^n and I eoon was «.ble to work ell day
«>s freely &• a youn* man. I advise every rup-
tured man or woman to send at once and g-et
tl is method as it will certainly cure permanent-
ly and perfectly." Mr. Meyer's advice Is good.
T'pon application to Dr. Rice, he will send you
free a trial of his famous method, and if you
know of a«y other person ruptured have him
? rite also. Euch an act of kindness will b«
t-member*! ft!l the rest of his Ufe. Write to-
<«a*- without fall. Address Dr. VI. fl. Rice. 418
rVXalB St.. Adam*.. X. Y. The trial is mailed
five to all who send name and address and Is
rent nealed in plain wrapper. .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
r 716 Market St. 3.F. I Shattuck At, Perkeley*
49th A Waa'h'n, Oak j Central Are, Alameda A
f 7th & Wood. Oak. 1 59 S. 1st St. . San iose. V
\ »17 Washington Street, Oakland. A
ilraported Champagnes $
j SZS&th* Pints $i. 35 i
\ SSST^Si 1 quarts 2. 5 5tf
J Eclipse Champagne P
} gSajff^v*, pints 35c{
t fthlSSffi? dozen ? 4 .oo^
d', ling. Note the price cheapness. f
Whiskey }
\ Old fashioned rrniinn '&>? nni
4 aonrroash. gallon Pj.OOf
\ • Regular f 4. CO. A
\Monogram Rye Whiskey a
9 Wm. Lanahan & era 11 fin DO a
a Son, Baltimore. gailOU r .Wi
f Distfllf r» of the famous \
A " Hunter Bye. " Kegnlar 34.C0. Q
Malt Extract $
iRefrwhingJu Anren $l.&Zk
bickness. Keen- UUZCU
Jurlv used wilf keep you well a
Regnlar S2.5O. ?
Cocktails f
A Khein.«trcm & Co., V«/-\ttlf» nnck
9 CincinnatL Reg. St.CO.DOttie 9 OC T
ifNaglee Brandy bot $1,255-
A The original whits lablei 9
X Distilled 1870. Regnlar Jl.oO. \
S^Champagne Cider >
fro a m%ure quart bottle 35^
apple juice— sparklinjr, \
a invigorating and enjoyable. A
JOld Crow Whiskey a
a Sied quart bottle I1.001
ff ISM. Bifh, mellow bouquet. \
I A . C, Most famed of all whiskies. f
De Menthe or i
i Chartreuse $1.00^
In fancy decanters. Colman A
f & Co., Berlin. Regular 51. 40. V
Arrack Punch I
A. ' C. A. Llndgren K/->ff1<» <tr cr^O
9 & Co.. Mtockholm. DOttie >I.5Or
A Genoino. A pleasin? after dinner Q
f cordial. Also served with coffee or * A
I \ ; mineral waters. p
1 Wine gallon 6ocjj
A Los Cerri toe Vineyard. Selection '.-A
! § from private stock. Very old— r
i \ smooth— extra dry. Regular $1.00. \
\Pure Grape Brandy J
9 For cooking or craiinn *7C>
i A table use. g auon ? 1 */0i
r High proof. Regular $2:50. v
'<¦ 9(5\d Sauterne Wine f
* vi?e^rT VaUey gallon 75c J
0 Clear, bright, superior quality. w
\ Regular $i. tt). 1
J Absinthe bottle $1.40?
9 A. Berger. Genuine. Regiilar JIB", r
\ Scotch Whiskey {
A Leith distillery^ Virwrtl** r\r\cY
V Scotland. Regfsi 23. DOttie 9OC^
JOld Tom Gin bottle 75c?
9 London dock brands. 9
\ Will suit the most critical taste. A
J Raspberry Vinegar a
f A ftla« of water Vintfi** "C\rx
A with enouKh DOttie
t raspberry vinegar to snit tha taste. .
j Sherry, Angelica, \
f Muscatel Wine gal 6ocJ
§ St. Lawrence Vineyard, Fresno Co, 9
. \ Old, rich and fruity. A
I JZinfandel. Wine gallon 5ocj
• f Light, mild, pleasant table wine. 7
I A Eaele Vineyard. Napa Co. 0
i Rye Whiskey
A -i89O~fullqt bot Si.oo.^
\ An immense big bottle for a dollar.
j Club Whiskey J
f itralght bourbon. ff!) || nn tf T C-f
I A Regular S2.50. gallon
\ jSunny Brook Whiskey a
1 gS^.""- gallon $2. 5 oS
\ Full proof. Regulari 3.5a ' \
f Angostura Bitters bot 65c^
f Original Abbott's. Regular 85c. 7
Cocktails $
A Rhehwtrom & Co. V>r»ff1^» r\rv&
9 Cincinnati Thi^ DOttie 9OCF
A brand has ac«jnired a permanent - - Q
\ reputation. Enjoyed as an appe- \
k ti^ng. cheerful stimulant. > m
A We have secured the State ayencyA
\f or late B.Dreyfus & Co.' s famous*
wtcines. Most of these vines haver
\been bottled from six to eight year*.}
very smooth, rich and*
9 palatable. ft c \
i Every bottle guaranteed— if notf
\xatisfaetory money refunded. Full*
feline on ttale Monday. "
{Claret qts, doz £2.50^
f Bottle 23c. 9
fZinfandel doz 3.00^
\ Bottle SOc A
\Cabernet doz 4.50J
9 Bottle 40c f .
#Reisling doz 3.35^
A Bottle SOc. A
\Sauterne doz 4.50^
F Bottle COc. . . r .
or Port doz 2.5Of
(Bottle 23c. ..
Superior Sherry or a
a Port Wine doz 5. 504
f Bottle 50c. * f
9 Angelica, Muscatel or f
Madeira Wine bot 50^
JShelled Almonds J
I %rHis tM pound 3 ocj
jMince Meat 2 lbs. ; 25c?
f Homemade. As prood aa caa f
A be made. Ready for use. A
iNew Black Figs 7 lbs. 25ci
\ Uniform size. Fresh and meaty. ±
' Healthy for yonng and old. f
Creamery Butter i
A Thispricevin ennar** -ir*>6
f permit you to nse square 3OCF
k it-«ven for cooking. A
iFancy Cluster Raisins i
\ Fresh, juisy Raisins. T^«k
I Full clusters. pound IOC^
I Fancy Mixed Nuts }
A All varieties. -nry* ** A -r m A
* Absolutely aU right. pOUnd l^Cf
f Fancy French Prunes i
i ' Sunset brand, fcxtra „-.,,_ A -*$
' large-sweet. pOUnd 5Cf
;Table Asparagus can 25c^
f Hlckmott's. *
•Eastern Ham iij4cw
I Specially selected. Sugar cured. A
* Medinm Fat ¦ F
[Sugar Corn 3 cans 25CF
I very sweet. Natural color -tender, rf
'String Beans 2 cans 25c)
Blue Lake brand. . * *
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
k ml vml jfW""J t«»M»H*ked37/aV* j
tft\ i rmMiliviiBM 1 \^ J --^^~~f^ s -' 1h a w n ¦
V Mptl^ ' s t ' me to e se^ ec^ n s y° ur 1 ;
I] w3?Ja^ furs for Christmas gifts. There is H
Jy*~"T"*'- < ~']^| v nothing which would be more ao | :
J^jg&SJiB&Sj^ yl^ ceptable to a woman than an ele- a
?? ant garment of fur. The very |«
3[ newest styles are shown here in y
H| immense assortment. We are the n
h! largest exclusive fur dealers in the- world and are now I
i showing more garments of fur than all the rest -of the a
¦ San Francisco stores combined. Every garment we sell 9
9 bears our name, a guarantee of satisfaction to the wear- |
I er, positively assuring the best of style, the best of ma- M
I terial and the best of expert workmanship. |
I Baltic Seal Collarette— i
q Same as cut below— an exceptionally handsome little garment, 1
u with short tabs and eight tails— elegantly lined with heavy satin 1
w\ —very stylish and most appropriate for San Francisco wear.Jfco.OQ S3
B Also In the best of electric seal for I&IO.OO ; g
I Electric Seal Cape— • I
3 Like Illustration below — a very fashionable garment, with Persian H
H lamb yoke — prettily finished with two heads and four tails — richly H
Si lined with heavy satin and cut in an entirely new style — would ¦ 1 I
¦ make a most acceptable Christmas gift— positively the best value 3
Hj • - ever offered— - 1
I Fox Scarfs- J
P Are the most popular neck piece of the year — everybody Is wear- Jl
h ing them In, the East— we have hardly been able to supply the de- *?
H " mand— scarfs like Illustration below are of sable fox. with a mount- jN
a sed bead and tall, as shown in picture — they are. without doubt. H
gj one of the best values this store has ever offered — would make an ||
H unusually. handsome Christmas gift' ...${). 50 I
I OPEN EVENINGS. |
m MAIL ORDERS— any Barmentadve'rtlsed or illustrated In our new I
m. fall fashion book will be sent C. O. D. on approval. |
B W'j make a specialty of the mall order business and are selling* 1
B many garments in this way. — 3
Jt^^^^^THE ¦ SAN FRA^CISGO CALL, SpDAY, DECEMBER 16, 1900.
40
£ FIRE ' CASUALTY MARINE g §
Ij B F DAVIS & SON
I General INSIIR A NCF Brokers 1 1
0 I ; , ; — - — I | §
1 General Agents Pacific Department ; Managers Standard Marina Insurance g "g
% Sun Insurance Office of London, Eng., Company of Liverpool, Fngland. 1 1
O Oldest Str ctly Fire n«ur.nce j D SPRFCKELS & BROS. CO., S §
Company in the Worid. « ij g" General Agents. g '^
I OFFICE-215 SANSOME STREET, SAN FRANCISCO. | I
$ ........TELE Pi OVE MAIN 5968 jg g
7
Ship Chandler
AND DEALER IN
Naval Stores.
Pacific Coast Agent for the Cele-
brated rfulien Composition fop
Bottoms of Iron VesRels.
9 and 11 Market St.
AND.....
3 i*nd 9 Steuart St.
Telephone Main 670. .^- f , i
: -^t^; SAN FRANCISCO, CaJ.
GOVERNMENT LICENSEE FOR THE
IMPRINTING OF REVENUE STAMPS.
TELF.l'HOXE-SIA IX 327. ¦ " '
Artistic,
Lithographers.
Printers and
Binders. j
BANK . SUPPLIES
..AND..
COMMERCIAL WORK
A SPECIALTY.
325 SANSOME STREET j
• SAN FRANCISCO.
Established 1850. Incorporated 188 I
"¦ i
i
Langley & Michaels
Wholesale Druggists
...AND...
Manufacturing^ Pharmacists,
34-4 o FIRST STREET,
San Francisco. Cat.
<r j<a^X*i»''*' 7f remul! for Gonorrh'jea.
jtyf^r'cVilLf^^ £!**. Spfrnno.rha-i,
/Va* it 1 t»C J»r» i« uunatural du-
F^'vi o-wntced 1h fnargi or »nr intliMnrai.
yVmM cat u> EirictBR. tioo. I ritation or ulcera-
r»» *} ¦„?>[!! c-i.t*r.:ov. lion f mnroiii mem-
BTClTHEtUKt CHEMlCtlCo. *>***"•¦ Koo-Mtringent.
y<& cntDKMTI.O g^S So!d by "mcd***.
J%&»- >fcH?5 *>r pxpr«>i, rr'piid. for
o i3 fl.on. or 3 bottW. 12.73. ,
*>^*^?5^^>%"- Q »lar *ent on rvquaat. I
BabGOCk&WilcoxCo,
, PATENT WATER TUBE
BOILERS
MARINE AND
STATIONARY.
CHAS. C. MOORE,
PACIFIC COAST MANAGER,
32 FIRST STREET, San^Francisco.Cai.
cms. c. hoore «qr.
ENGINEERS
AND DEALERS IN
Motive Power Machinery
OF THE HIGHBST GRADE.
COMPLETE PUNTS {MODERN STEW
INSTALLED.! SPECIALTIES.
32 FIRST STREET,
. SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
LOS ANGELES. SEATTLE.
HOUSE COAL ,
FURNACE COAL
QA3 and STEAM COAL
COKE and PIG IRON
WHOLESALE AND RETAIL
J.C.Wilson &Co.
000 Battery Street,
s:i5«ft mBPiio»B, Mam 1864.
Xhs present is an age of projj~
ress and prosperity. This nation,
I State and city are yearly t> row-
in? larger and more powertul.
Asimilar advancement has char-
acterized the UNITED STATES
I LAUNDRY, an institution that
has always kept in the van ot
Its methods o 9 doins? business
are thoroughly up to date. Its
machinery and appliances are of
the latest designs and comprise
all the newest inventions. New
ideas are sought for and adapted
to the immediate advantage of
our patrons. Clean linen is as
necessary as a clean reputation.
If you will care for the reputa-
tion we will care for the linen.
We can be found through
Telephones South 418 and 420,
or, othrwsse, at 1004 Market
Shipbuilders
...AND...
Engineers.
MAEINB RAILWAY,
CAPACITY 3000 TONS,
WILL BE IN OPERATION AT OUR
SHIPYARD, OAKLAND WATER
FRONT, MARCH J, J90J.
Minimum depth* of 25 feet of water
always maintained. Estimates furnished
and contracts made for new or repair
work with all classes of vessels.
We have our own wharf and com-
pletely equipped shipyard and mill ad-
jacent to marine railway, and have the
facilities forgiving the quickest dispatch
to work on vessels on our dock or at
our wharf.
NO CURRENT OR STRONG TIDES.
ADDRSSS
Sc SON
219 STEUART STREET
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
TEL. MAIN 1081. OAKLA.ND YARD-TEL. PVXE, 161.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
¦ ¦• ¦¦ i. ¦- ¦ ¦¦¦¦ * 5
W ' ' ¦ ; .^k. ¦ ¦ ¦
I Modern Mining Mathinery. |
I Successful Gravel Mill, recently improved. |
g Special Gold Dredging- 'Pumps and machinery. Concentra-
B tors, Feeders, Rock Breakers and Po\ver Plants. *|
* • Largest manufacturers of -irrigation and reclamation ¦
H Pumps in the United States: Catalogues — No. 20, Pumps; ¦
I KROGK MANUFACTURING CO. j
S 9 to 17 Stevenson St. 134 to 136 Main St. i?
S SAN FRAXXISCO, U. S. A. m
HHBHHBBHDJiaiaW2SCSBI3EaKneS'aHasnHBHHHSHaBaa9RnBB
ADVERTISEMENTS.
T/ „ m , / .. „ OT1T1M1O f 1255 MARKET ST.. SAN FRANCIS r O.
The J^OCOmoblle Company of the Pacific. STATIONS! \ 103 S. BROADWAY. LOS ANGELES.
H J I !06 TELEGRAPH AYE., OAKLAND.
A "LOCOMOBILE" would make an up-to-date Christmas gift. Yonr choice In nine different
styles. Ladies can operate them. Sold in guaranteed condition ot reasonable prices. When
application is made to any one of above stations catalogues and information will be sent.
BOILERS, ENGINES AND
AUXILIARY MACHINERY.
McINTOSH & SEYMOUR ENGINE.
If [j I P A II ice l8l{iii£ and Refrigerating; iachines
O/V THE S/MriEST MOST ECONOMipAL SYSTEM. JT A
REFERENCES: # !S^>^^^*'| ftSR d&*&' H
/-v Ttnr T • r California, British columria. I & M d&>tgfoi&tksB^w fi&M w i
1 Lit ilia r% /^ Sr> iv% r\ rN oregon. mexico, Hawaii, g B jS^—-^
I rfl W iwi /J I I 3 fli ff"^^ !N 1 WA ? HIN 9 T0N ' CENTRAL AMERICA. | l&^H|^^g§p^v l^^^k^
PACIFIC MAIL S. S. CO 13 MACHINES. l ir¥^ff^^B^S^Sw^ 3 'l
PACIFIC COAST S. S. CO 4 MACHINES. ; - VirlfffiHifltfji^*^
OCEANIC S. S. CO r> MACHINES. ?£$$%**!&* WlJ^KSs^^^3Ss^S^^!f^i9^^S^SSa
\:. S. THANSPOKTS 4 MACHINKS. t^^l^^^^^^^M^Sg8^*^S^^5j^^W|fi*^W
'AMMONIA PIPING, CONDENSER COILS, AMMONIA FITTINGS,
—SEND FOR CATALOGUE. ' -• ' 1
1?IL VULCAN IRON WORKS, *™^L,^ j- ' ; } "/"^^Sg^Bia ;
I Black Cat Calendars
g THE HIT OF THE SEASON! |
M Manufactured by the Q
I ART PUBLISHING CO, I
CJ FOUR STYLES H
|?:dw. H. Mitchell, I
ART STATIOXEn, r
225 Post St. tSan Francisco I
ADVERTISEMENTS.THE SAN\ FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 16, /1 900.
41
GEO. E. DOW
PUMPING ENGINE CO.,
SUCCESSORS TO TrJE DOW STEAM PUMP WORKS.
sMBBKzJMBMMJflHBBMI
179 FIRST ST., San Francisco, Cal.,
MANUFACTURERS OF
STEAM, AIR OR ELECTRICITY.
WATER WORKS PUMPS,
MARINE PUMPS,
MINE PUMPS, .
ELEVATOR PUMPS,
IRRIGATING PUMPS, Etc, Etc
SEND FOR CATALOGUE.
SCHILUNGER'S
PATENT
SIDEWALK
GARDEN WALK
A SPECIALTY.
GEORGE
GOODMAN,
Pafenioo and
Manufacturer of
Artificial Stone
In All Its Branches*
SAN FRANCISCO.
Telephone, Main 5322*
OFFICE:
3O7 j
MONTGOMERY
STREET. I
NEVADA BLOOK*
JOHN HACKETT, Manager.
Pacific Coast
Dredging
and
Reclamation
Company
29 Steoart St.,
San Francisco, Gal.
Teg: Boat. "Walter Hackelt"
c© eo
Cg r ' *-~- — -^-— — w-w> s-^ . QQ
«© ( . . ) ••
G© ) "^ ' '• ( €)Q
o© \ ) eo
Q© ( ©®
§• «^5 *g Upon W^hich <& <£< ©g
|g <& This Edition & <£ ||
©g oo
|| j <£ <# Is Printed was II
8| <g f» Manufactured <g §§
e© •©
@o ¦ oo
Ig <s oy tne <£ <& gg
99 .... t . :'¦-"• . WW
©© nBBBOia rm «a mmk^ ' ' ' »» ¦ ¦ • © 9
w w ¦ ¦ ' ¦ «usta as , st H w n w^Km ¦§ W _ nala ,
e© ©•
•© ©2
4P t% n O g3 H ! Hj jHQ& wy/Hk. 8o I flvS I H 01 In wd "^
©•'- ' ¦ ¦- ¦ •-'.; -.:-t' ¦"¦ : ''-; •'¦¦:->••.¦ - , %&
• # L_^^__-^-^^l -^ '¦'¦• — : ' ; ¦' - : ' ' **
• •-'-- '-.^- -.....,.. ¦..¦•:%. = ..-;:• ;.:t-.-- ->.-• ¦-¦¦¦„•¦¦•¦;. ..- ¦ ,:, -•- ©»
9o©eoo«©©©eo©oe89©0©o©©©©o©9o«oeoe««ocoao«oo9
STATEMENT
: OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
- •
THE MERCHANTS'
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEWARK. IN THE STATE OF NEW
Jersey, on the 31st day of December. A. D.
1900. and for the year ending on that day. as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Coin-
Amount of Capital Stock paid up in
Cash J $ 400.000 OO
ASSETS. ~~ ~~-
Real Estate owned by Company $ 171,469 56 i
l^ans on 13ond3 and aiortKages 376.130 Vi , ¦
Cagh Market Value of all Stocks and — •
Bends owned by Company 795,800 00
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds, Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral 10.000 00
Cash In Company's Office 21.62$ 16
Cash In Banks 42,(70 j2J
Interest due and accrued on all . •
Stocks and Loans 2,546 16
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 5,420 12
Premiums In due course of collection 16S.443 96
Rents due and accrued 329 33
Due from other Companies for Re-in-
surance on losses already patd Soi <6
Total Assets 11.538.415 57
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $ 41,094 4S
Looses In process of Adjustment, or
In Suspense 66,69853
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. 6,671 CO
Gross premiums on Fire Rls'cs run-
ning one year or less. 5657,734 OS:
re-Insurance 50 per cent S2S.S6" 04
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, !735.536 21;
reinsurance pro rata ( 39S.749 52
All other demands against Company 81,84104
Total Liabilities $ 923.425 11
INCOME. — —
Net cash actually received ¦ for Fire
premiums, .;....; $ 927.300 C6
Received for interest on Bonds and
- Mortgages 19,766 23
Received • for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and from
all other sources 36.930 CO
Received for Rents. ; 7.133 73
Received from all other sources ,13.523 82
Total Income $1,004,656 46
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding $10a,SG3 7S. losses of pre-
vious years) $ 661.826 58
Dividends to Stockholders 40,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage .: 179,03127
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other '
- charges for officers, clerks, etc 171,241 17
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes 37,562 3o
AH other payments and expenditures 27.562 92
Total Expenditure* ..$1,117,22-129
Losses incurred during the year $ 678,328 S3
Rl*ks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year U21.416,5S7 $1,261.355 21
Net amount of Risks
- expired during the
year •"".... 115.953,564 1.212.579 07
Net amount in force
December 31. 1900 143,659,697 1.453.270 29
G. LEE STOUT. Pres.
• V "W. H.- OUERBIX. Sec.
¦ Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 2Cth
day of January. MOO. sJ*&SllBgK&Bf&MHJ&gtti
R. S. STEADMAN.
Notary < Public.
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT, .
420 CALIFORNIA STREET
•SAX FRAXCISCO.
WILLARD 0. WAYMAN, Manager. .
G:W; McNEAR; General Agent v
g4-4-s-j-w-s-;-i"!"S": ¦: ¦i-:-i"K- 1 : i : ; i-i--s»-5»-i--i- ;¦ i-;"i--i-i"i"i-i"i--i--i"i"i"i"Z"i"2"i"i--i-'i-r->^--S"i--i--i--i i : i :..I¦¦K¦^^^¦^^;^I»M^^^^^^^4¦4^^^^-:^^:^^!^^I^i''I¦¦^^^'^^^I^^^^^I'^^^^'^I^H^ i : : V 1 1 : l i"i"H"H"i * i-i-i-i-i- i- 1 miiin m-»
I * Cable Address— RISDONS. |
i ¦ ; '' . ' - /''¦"'¦','- '.. . ' k . ' . ",' . • j:
I Gold Dredging fe^^^^ ———————— — ; • • •• ; . -. r .Ship Builders i
;: Heine Water= t — - ' ~^ • /- . j . _ _ Hoskins &Fish= |
| Tube Boilers risdon shipbujldino works, potrero. er's Giants I
I SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN TO MARINE REPAIRS. !
I WORKS - = -•"- BEALE AND HOWARD STREETS AND POTRERO. 1
T ''' '' VV ' t
J* *j*
X OUR STOCK OF THE CELEBRATED ±
• • *
y For the coming season will be the largest and most complete
stock ever brought to this coast, consisting of .j.
I BUGGIES ROAD WAGONS |
I CARRIAGES BIKE WAGONS *
| PHAETONS SPRING WAGONS f
| RUBBER TIRE RICS A SPECIALTY. |
I DEERE IMPLEMENT CO., I
± 207-209 MARKET STREET, San Francisco. I
OFFICE*
' J. "^-" > 302 GSilifomici St
Vfissfiis
\tS^ i^^^Hi^^^^^^t Of a11 siz ~ s ' steam and saii »
•^•"¦'¦*- sl taken out expeditioasly and
'^^^^^W Foot of Spear St.
1^^ for cleaning and painting, or
for surveys and repairs.
Hunters Point Stone Graving Dock new stone graving dock
Len K« h • 433fe«t Length 730 feet
Width at Coptns :. 120 feet Width at Coping : 123 feet
Depth Over Sill 21 feet Depth Over Sill 23 feet
FLOATING DOCKS- FOOT OF SPEAR ST.
Length— No. 1, 302 feet; width, 90 fe«t; capable of llftln* 30CO tons. No. 3, 1000 ton*.
Xo. 3, In course of construction, 1800 tons.' -We havt a splendid assortment of fine
lamps . and ; onyx ,- tables.'.- No other line • so
good for the money In the city. • Sanborn,
vail & Co.,^ 741 Market t street. -:'.^:'--; •
Lamps and Onxy Tables.
Personals.
Mrs. C. B. Horton. accompanied bylher
son Edney Horton. left on Sunday for a
southern trip, after. which' they, will visit
the East and Europe.
Dr. M. R. Gambits has just returned
from an extensive trip through Europe.
• Mrs. L- J. LevingstoA. Mrs." Eugene W.
Levy and Mrs. F. ¦ H. Merxbach "-<*vIU be
at home on the third Wednesday of each
month at 2218, Clay street; • \ .
Mrs. Thomas C. Pedlar and little daugh
ter Gladys are home again* after. an ex
tended Eastern trip. At-home the second
and fourth Mondays during the winter
season. ¦ . ' ¦
'^MIsb Amanda D. Australle Corcoran has
removed from 911 Van. Ness avenue to 1000
Van; Ness avenue, . near i O'Farrell street.'
-tMrs. 8. Laventhar and Miss iH.^Kaskel
have, resumed their day. at home,. second
Wednesdays, nt 1527 Octavia street..
Mr.- and Mrs. J/ Been; will leave In a
few days on a • visit: to ¦* their daughter,
Mrs. S. Bley, In Hermosillo, Mexico.
Miss H. Kaskol of 1327 Octavia street
gave a "violet pafty" to ten of her young
lady friends last Wednesday. The after
noon was pleasantlv spent in dancing,
guessing contests and music. One of the
features of the afternoon was the singing
of Miss Blanche Pursch and Miss Daisy
Gets. «,
A pleasant birthday surprise party was
tendered Miss Irene de Laney at her resi
dence, 3677 Eighteenth street, on Saturday
evening, December 1. The parlors were
beautifully decorated in palms and holly
berries. Games and dancing were en
joyed until midnight, when a sumptuous
repast was served. During the evening
the guests were entertained by the fol
lowing: Selections from "Bohemian Girl,"
Mrs. Newman; vocal solo. Miss Irene de
Laney; recitation, Miss Edyth Kennealy;
comic song, Hon. William Oantner; rag
time selections, Miss Verda Wilson: read-
Ing from Shakespeare. Harry Montague;
Cakewalk, Miss Ida Kervan and Frame
SchaumlefTel. Those present were: Miss
Verda Wilson, Will Pomeroy, Miss Edith
Kennealy, Claude Berlaman, Miss Louise
Wolfe, George Morrell, Miss Irene de
Laney, Frank Schaumleffel. Miss Lizzie
Lung, Charlie Johnson, Miss Alice Mc-
Neill. Jack Martin, Miss Ida Kervan, Her
man Schaumleffel. Roy Weaver, Miss Nell
Wilson, Harry Montague, Miss Maude
Koehl, Max Maritzen. MlssMayme O'Con
nor, Everett de Laney, Miss Carrie
Schaumleffel. Hon. William Gantner, Miss
Ida Warde, Tom Smith, Miss Alyce Mur
phy. Bob Scheile, Mrs. Kervan, Fred
Brown, Mrs. Krehl, Professor Gus
BourccO, Mr. and Mrs. Warde, Mr. and
Mrs. Scheile, Mrs. Trebel, Mrs. Ed Mur
phy, Mrs. Newman, .Mrs. Ed de Laney
fcnd Dr. R. E. Van TJuren of Honolulu.
A most enjoyable evening was spent at
a surprise narty tendered to Leo Veshoot
at his residence, (5 Collingwood street, on
Thanksgiving eve, November 28. Those
present were: Miss : Martha . Franklin,
Miss Flora Edwards, Miss Rose Edwards,
Mips Lillle Dollman, Miss Carrie Wolf,
Miss Palmerl Worms, Miss Essie Leven
ouh. Miss Gertie Kaufman, Miss Hannah
Mollenberg. Miss Mabel Wagner, Miss
Flora Cuen. Miss Hattie Monash, Miss
Babe Morris, Miss Louise Lutgens, Miss
Martha Page, Miss Birdie Rlnaldo, Miss
Fannie Crown, Miss Rose Harris, Miss
Flora Harris. Leo Vlshoot, Ed Gensler.
Ab« 8aum, Mann:e Koplan, Julius Ja
cobs, Harry Harris, Mannie Harris and
Bob Abrams..
The twenty-first anniversary of Gustave
H. Rahders was joyously celebrated last.
Saturday evening- at the residence of. Mr.
and Mrs. W. F.-Cardall, 1673 Golden Gate
avenue. The company consisted of twen
ty-three couples and were splendidly en
tertained by their host and his wife. The
home was elegantly decorated for the oc
casion with flags, cut flowers, potted
plants, Chinese lanterns/etc Frank W.
Mareton, partner. of Mr. Cardall, presided
a» toastmaster with exceptional ability.
His address of welcome captured the com
pany and his congratulations to Gustave
Rahders delighted all present. The guests
tarried at the table for three hours, dur
ing which time a number of toasts were
given and responses made. The music
was by an orchestra. Dancing and games
alternated until morning. The young gen
tleman whose, twenty-first birthday was
thus happily celebrated- received many
tokens of regard from his friends. Each
guest was presented with an appropriate
souvenir of the anniversary. The follow
ing were present: Mr. and Mrs. W. F.
Cardall. Mr. and Mrs. Frank W. Marston,
G. -H. Rahders. Miss 'Louise Schoenwald.
Max Gundler. Miss Minnie Schmitz. Fred
Winters. Miss Alice Sllverberg, Oscar
Frank, Miss Ferdora Katz. John Beram.
Mrs. Sllverberg. Arch Schmlt., Mis«
Laura Sands. Julius Sellpr. Mrs. Emma
Schweitzer, Jack Hayes. Miss Meta Mor
itz, Robert Sands. Miss J. Hayes, Alex
Rannle. Mrs/ H. Doscher, Emil Schoen
wald. Miss Maud Husted. Joe Schmitz.
Miss Alice Jost. Bert Meyer. Miss Oscarla
Oscar. Cal Henseley. Mrs. R. Sands. Ben
Selig. Mrs. J. Beram. Ed Schneider. Miss
Ade Sands. Ed Cordy. Mrs. Dora Goeta.
Mr. Schweitaer, Mrs. B. Jost.' Joe Schmitz
II,i Miss Theresa Laeoste. Fred Alldack.
Leonora Laeoste, Otto Schoenwald, Mrs.
O. Schoenwald.
Home Gatherings.
Wednesday at noon, Deeemher 5, at St.
Agnes Church, Leonore J_. Fleming,
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. J. T. Fleming,
and Rufus A. Butler of Westside were
married by the Rev. Father Kirby. Miss
Mary Cadogan of Oakland as maid of
honor preceded the bride, who entered the
church on the arm of her father. Mr.
Albert C. Whyte, uncle of the bride, was
best man. The bride was attired in a
tailor-made gown of cadet blue and wore
a toque of velvet of the same shade,
trimmed with white plumes. She carried
a bouquet of bride's roses. About thirty
of the most intimate friends and relatives
were invited to the dojeuner. which was
served at the residence, 704 Ashbury
etreet. The decorations were palms and
white chrysanthemums in the parlors and
anterooms, while the dining-room ' and
tables were ornamented with ferns and
holly. The couple left on the 5 o'clock
train for the south on a short trip. Their
future home will be Westside, Santa
Clara. ¦
They're Engaged.
Mr. and Mrs. Julius Peters announce
the engagement of their daughter Hattie
to Mr. I. J. Klarnet oi this city.
The engagement reception of Miss Fan
nie Cohn and Melvvn Furst will be held
Sunday, December 23, from 2 to 5 o'clock,
at 1011 Scott street.
Wedding Bells.
SOCIETY
THE first dance of La Jeunesse
and the Preston wedding brought
the younger set very much to the
front during the past week.
The wedding of Miss Grace
Edith Davis, daughter of the late
J. B. F. Davis, and Harry* J. Max
well took place on Saturday, December 8,
at the residence of the bride'8 mother,
Mrs. J. B. F. Davis, in Ross Valley. The
ceremony was performed by the Rev. Dr.
8. D. HutBinplller of the Central Metho
dist Episcopal Church of this city. The
maid of honor wan Miss Estelle Davis, the
bride's sister, and Joseph Fyfe Jr. of
Stockton acted as best man. A reception
followed the ceremony, antl later in- the
day Mr. and Mrs. Maxwell left on their
wedding tour. They will travel exten
sively in the East and make a visit of
some duration with friends in Washing
ton, D. C, returning in February to Ross
Valley, where they will hereafter reside.
A pleasant evening is being planned for
the hundreds of sick and maimed soldiers
who are. patients at the Presidio hospitals.
The following committee has the affair in
charge: Miss.Ardella Mills. Miss Polly
Dunn, Mls^Rawles, Miss Maud Mullins,
»Hss BroWer, Miss Maye Colburn. Miss
Davis, Miss Cunningham, Mrs. Kerwin,
Mn, Cochran, Miss McFarland, Mrs.
Reeves, Mrs. Southall, Miss Marshall,
Ml« Nannie Marshall and Miss Wilson. A
large Christmas tree, lighted by electric
lights, is to be set up in th© dining-room
of the hospital, and the Red Cross ladles
are making efforts to collect donations
enough to present each patient with some
thing useful, especially all sorts of wear
ing apparel. |
Mrs. Emma Shafter Howard gave a din
ner Wednesday, December 1_, at the Colo
nial Hotel. Her guests were: General
Shafter, Mr. ; and Mrs. McKittrlck. Allss
'Redmond, the Misses Shafter, Mr. and
Mrs. E. T. .Mills of Michigan, Mr. and
Mrs. O. 8. Howard, Miss Howard and
Mrs. Hamilton.
A. M. Bergevln invited a number of
friends to attend a welcome-home dinner
given by him to Frank H. Ames, who re
turned to this city on the 7th inst. from
Nome, Alaska. The affair took place on
Saturday evening, the Sth inst., in the red
room at the Bohemian CJub. which was
tastefully decorated for the occasion. The
menu was carefully prepared and the
cards were printed in red and gold; with
a gold nugget cttached to the upper right
hand corner. Dinner was served 'at 8 p.
m. and continued until midnight. A well
selected orchestra discoursed choice selec
tions and added materially to the enter
tainment of the guests. The host, Mr.
Bergevin, bade his friends welcome and
requested Colonel. F. E. Beck to act as
toastmaster. A number of toasts were
proposed and responded to, and a very
happy vein prevailed during the entire
evening. Before the close of , the dinner
Mr. Ames extended his thanks and grati
tude to the host and assembled friends for
their expressions of friendship, and as
sured them that he would always cherish
the memory of the event. Those present
were: A. il. Bergevin, Frank H. Ames,
Count Podhorskl; Colonel F. E. Beck,
James McNab, Colonel Isaac Trumbo. F.
M. Ames, Henry Gray, F. A. Wicker
sham, J. C. Campbell. R. I. Whelan. Cap
tain Baldwin, Lewis Hanchette. Edgar
Peixotto, Jacob Lev! Jr., W. J.«Hotchkl8s,
Arthur I*. Whitney ' and Rudolph Her
old Jr.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 16,; 1900.
42
Week Commencing TO-DAY. SUXDAT
MATINEE. December 16.
Vaudeville as It Should Be.
> AL_ L.
SHEAN and WARREN,
Presenting Their New and Ortrlnal Travestx,
•'QUO VADI3 UPSIDE DOWN."
Direct from Berlin, London and Eastern
Triumphs,
TRULY SHATTUCK,
The Empress of Burlesque in an Up to Dat*
Specialty.
MADAME DORIA
The Famou3 European Operatic Vocalist.
MLLE. CHRISTINA'S
Do* Monkey and Cat Circus. The Be«t Aal-,
real Act Ever Brought From Europe.
HAL DAVIS &¥EZ MAGAULAY
Presentlnr » Playlet by Edmund Day,
"The Unexpected."
THE HARMONY FOUR
America'* Greatest Singing Quartet.
SPENSET KELLY
In Entire Change, of Repertolr*. ;
PANTZER TROUPE
Last Week of These Famous Acrobats.
THE GREAT AMERICAN 8I0GRAPH
Entlr* Change- of Views.
Tarquet. 25c. any seat: Balcony. 10c: Chil-
dren, any part except reserved. 10c. A few
front* orchestra rows reserved, 50c; front rows
of balcony reserved. 25c.
MATINEE THIS SUNDAY AT 2.
TO-NIGHT— SUNDAY.
"MADAME BUTTERFLY" and "PYOMALlOM
AND GALATEA."
TO-MORROW XTGHT Begins
LAST WEEK
MADAME BUTTERFLY
Preceded by the- Funniest of All Farces,
"A SERIOUS TANGLE."
SEATS— 13c, 23c, 33c. 50c.
MOROSCO'S
gpAND OPERA HOUSE:
CROWDED ALX. THE TT1IE,
MATINEE TO-D/VV
ASSURED SUCCESS OF
THE OLIVER-LESLIE CO.
LAST NIGHT
THE GREAT ENGLISH MSLODEAi-A.
MAN'S ENEMY I
TO-MORROW NIOHT.
"A TALE OF TWO CITltS."
Prlces^lOc. 15c. 25c. 60c. A Few Front Rows
In Orchestra. 75c. Matinees— 13c. 15c. 23c, 50c
No Higher. Branch Ticket Office. Emporium.
CHUTES^nd ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVE-*TNO.
BIG VAUDEVILLE SHOW!
Includlnr —
AHERN & PATRICK,
Direct From the- Orpheum.
AQUATIC SPORTS ON THE LAKE
THIS AFTERNOON.
Telephone for Seats— Park 23.
Do 1 q po These hotels oos-
JL aldtC sess the . attributes
\ j that tourists and
EllCl travelers appreciate
—central location.
CwT* Jl Tl H liberal manaze-
*** <*HV1 ment, modern ap-
TT ' j. 1 pointments and
nOtelS Perfect cuisine.
American and Eu-
San Francisco ropean p'ans.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Prlca Lists Mails;}
jy°>; on Application.
ATTORNEY.
r, H. MERZBACH. lawyer.
to California gt.. Clnale ballfllng.
< COAL, COKE AMD PIO IROX.
J C Wll SflM iT f fl *°° Battery Street.
COPPERSMITH.
C. W. SMITH f v! p S 1 , 0 ™ 6111 *. Steamboat aa<_
W- TT« JUlIlll* ship Work a .peclalty. II aad
IS Washington it Telephone Mala SMI.
ELECTRICAL.
D. D. -WAS3.
; Electrical Engineer. M East rt.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JAS. BOYES & Cn fi" ppU> £ Butcher-. 104
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD A ELI_X3.
418 Front »t.. R F. Phen» Mala ITU.
PAINTS.
Cylinder & Lubricating: Oils. Schneider's Mlnlr*
Candle.. C. O. CLIXCH & CO.. » Front, 9. F.
PRINTINO.
PRINTERS. BOOK BINDER3.
THE H1CK3-JUDD CO..
: g Flr-t »t.. Saa Frmndaeo.
STATIONER AND PRINTER. ' '
Telej^phlo p ARTR1D QE
WBITfi ASH STEAM COAU^^^BJ
DIAMOND COAL MINING CO.. at tta OREEM
RIVER COLLIERIES. Is the Best Coal In tb«
tetr-tt. Offle- «.nd T»rd_— -50 Main tr— _..
Da. BALL'S REIN VlGOmORSRgnRl
Five hundred reward for any S_fl*P^-[S-9
case we cannot cure. This secret EsS-l HH
remedy stop* all losses m 24 hours, u II
cures Emissions. Impoteney. Varl- Rng an
cocele. Gonorrhoea. Gleet. Fits, RW IM
, Etrtcturt*. Lost Manhood and all lililj It'll!
wasting effects of self-abus* or Ir :i T v »
excesses. Sent sealed. S- bottle; 3 in' ISWlB
• bottles. *3: _T_aranteed to cure any case. Ad-
dress HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. S55
Broadway. Oakland. Cal. Also for sala at 10?3'~«
. Market at.. S. F. All private diseases quickly
cured. Send for fr«-» book.
Weekly Call,$1.00 per Yea?
?tivoli*
TO-NIGHT— L.AST PERFORMANCE OF
THE JOLLY MUSKETEER!
"WOULDN'T THAT PUFF TOU UP?"
Commencing MONDAY EVENING. Dec. 17th.
The Glittering Holiday Extravagan-a,
Cinderella!
By. FERRIS HARTMAN-
A Mine of Mirth and Melody, Sparkle and
Sprlgntllness.
TAKE THE LITTLE" ONES TO SEE THE
TVEE PONIES!
DANCE OF FROGS AND TOADS'.
ELECTRIC QIRLS, THE PUSSIES AND
bow-wows:
a world of fun, and melody.
SURPASSING SCENIC EFFECTS,
Concluding With Oscar L. Fesfs Fine TRANS-
FORMATION,
THE FLOWERY KINGDOM
_«_• Cj'Jx. »•»
A TRIP TO JAPAN!
Every Evening at *— Matin** Saturday at 2.
POPULAR PRICES 25 and 50 cents.
Telephone — Bush 9.
flftl IIUDIA SAN FRANCISCO'S
UULUIwlE-tlJ4 LEADING THEATRE
TO-MORROW, iyivfll LF /\ Y •
7 NIGHTi ANDJ-ATINEE SAT.
FREDERICK
WARDE
-WITH
MRi AND MRS. E. R. SPBNCBR
AND THE
FAMOUS CLARENCE M. BRUXE CO. -
Presenting B»py WlHIams" Romttntlc Comedy,
THE DOKE^S JESTER
Dec. 24— Primrose and Dockstadter ¦ MinMrel*.
OLYMPIA £?F»n-<,»
THE ONLY FREE VAUDEVILLE SHOW
IN THE CITY.
LAST WEEK OF ;
Hunt's Dog Circus,
¦ GIIEAT HIT OF.
MABEL JUJDSON,
DULCIE SISTERS,
- PUETTISTS.
AND Orn CELEBRATED STOCJC COMPANY.
. MATINEE - EVERY SUNDAY.
AMATEUR NIGHT FRIDAY.
ADMISSION FREE.
QRAND YULETIDE FESTIVAL!
' ' Given ! by .'the ¦* Brltl_h-Amerlca'n Union. . *
ODD' FELLOWS' HALL.' " •
.WEDNESDAY, .; DECEM BER 19, AT 8 P. M^
BEAUTIFUL MUSIC! BEST TALENT!
¦; With a* Representation of
WASHINGTON IRVING' S "CHRISTMAS AT
~ BRACEBRIDGK HALL."
DR. H.. J.\ STEWART, WALLACE: SABIN.
--. .- , ; Musical Director*. .
LBM5 COOPER. ..:....:. ...........Stage Manager
MARQUARDT'S , ORCHESTRA. -
ADMISSION.;............::;....;.;....;^ and 50c
i RESERVED; SEATS, JL .
Alf Ellnghouse, Proprietor and Manager.
Phone Pouth 770.
Starting With MATINEE TO-DAY,
COLONEL XV. A. THOMPSON Presents
THE BOSTON LYRIC OPERA COMPANY,
50-PEOFLE-50.
In a Big Production of the Comic Opera
"SAID PASHM"
TO-NIGHT,
"CARMEN!"
....WITH...,
GQLLAMARINI
RUSSO arid ALESSANDRONI!
In Conjunction With
THE BOSTON LTRIC OPERA COMPANY.
Positively
5--NIGHTS ONLY--5
This Sunday Eveninsr. Dec. IS "CARMEN"
Monday EvenJngr, D«>e.- 17 "CARMEN"
Tuesday Evening:, Dec. is... ..."SAID PASHA"
Wednesday Eve.. Dec. 19.. ."IL TROVATORE"
Thursday Eve. <farewcll), Dec. 20.. "CARMEN"
Evening 13<\ 25c, 35c, 50c and 75c
Matinee '. 15c, 25c, 35c and 50c
Next Pat. Eve.— Geo. H. Broadhurst's Ever \
Popular "WHY SMITH LEFT HOME."
UNION COURSING PARK
JOW« / CWCE, JUDGE.
JAS. F. GRACE, SLlffEff.
— — _____ _ \
TO-DAY i
Sunday, December 16,
THE t
"Irish Ponies"
...128m.,
CB ACKER JACKS.
$1500-Total Purse--$1500
Music by VON DZR MEHDEN'S BAND
TRAIN SERVICE:
' Leaves Third and Townsend streets 915 a
m.. 10 a_ m., 11 a. m.. and 12 m.. and 1 p. m •
Twenty-fifth and \alencla streets five minutn
later. Returning at 4:45 p. m. and after the
last -course. San Mateo Electric Cars every six
minutes.
Admission 25c. Ladies Free.
raff's CENTRAL THEATER,
Maxket'st., near Eighth— Opposite City HaU.
GRAND OPENING
O? the New Theater,
NEXT SATURDAY EVENING
Magnificent Production. David Belasco'.
Famous Drama
THE HEART
OF MARYLAND!
Every Evening-Matinees Saturday and Sundav
SPECIAL XMAS MATINEE TUESDAY
PRICES 10c to 50c.
Seats on sale next Thursday » 4. —
Sherman & Clay's Music Stored "
FISCHER'S c °N^T~rToIJ^:
???i£Mi SSSSI^'&iJg^yA.N. ix
A HOST OF SPECIALTIES
AND MUSICAL APTet
Reserved Seats. I3c. Matinees Sun££ !
ooocooocoooooooeeooooooeooooo»oo«oe«o»o«o««oo©»««»ooo(i«»e©«oo©©#o©©«
! ANNOUNCEMENT!^ !
! • . i
o We have just uncased several large purchases from the leading importers and manufac- 2
J turers which owing to the backward season we secured at HEAVY DISCOUNTS FROM 2
• COST OF MANUFACTURE. * 5
• These include ALL THE NEWEST STYLES AND SHAPES IN LADIES' •
o CLOAKS. SUITS, JACKETS, CAPES, DRESS SKIRTS AND WAISTS, and we present •
| a MATCHLESS OPPORTUNITY TO HOLIDAY BUYERS by offering them diis 2
! At Only a Fraction of Ordinary Prices! 1
S A large assortment of TAILOR - MADE A. fine c^ction* of LADIES' GOLF •
% SUITS, marked down from 07 Cfl CAPES?^oodvafuefor$6 oo, A f% r ft •
S $ 12 5<>to OliUU marked^own to. OUsDUe
• A great variety of TAILOR - MADE Special novelties in LADIES' GOLF 1
• SUITS, marked down 01 C flfl CAPES, extra \^lue for $7 =;o, Qi rfl •
5 trom $25 00 to ...;¦; OUiUU marked down to iSM- B j|| S
o T ./ :.T^-Yy •
O Newest shapes in TAILOR- LADIES' GOLF SKIRTS, extra Value •
0 MADE JACKETS, marked 0C flfl for $400, marked down 00 tfl •
1 down from $8 00 to 03, UU to OZlDUS
O Pretty styles in MISSES' CAPES, with LADIES' GOLF SKIRTS, extra value •
0 " satin hoods, marked down O Q fl fl for $5 00, marked down An TA S
1 from$ 5 ooto OJlUU to ......... .i OJ.DU 3
8 — — — - I I
I A Magnificent Display of LADIES 1 FUR CAPES in all the I
I Newest Shapes. > |
I A Large Assortment of LADIES 1 FUR COLLARETTES, I
i FEATHER BOAS from $10 to $40. |
1 \ LADIES' SILK WAISTS from $3.50 to $20.00. |
| LADIES' SILK SKIRTS from $6.00 to $35.00. f
S B&Sr* Suits made to order and a perfect fit guaranteed. •
o g*rae ? Store open evenings until 10 o'clock during the holiday S
S season, ¦ ¦¦ •
I J. O'BRIEN & CO. J
• 1146 Market Street i
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
And all other facial blemishes are removed by
DR. and MRS. A. W. TRAVERSE, Donohoe
bulldlnc. 1170 Market St.. cor. Taylor, rooms
78-29. with the electric needle without' pain or
scar. Permanency guaranteed; hours 1 to 4 p. m.
The greatest skin food and tissue builder..
BRAHMAN TOILET CREAM
Removes wrinkles by making the skin firm.
It renders the skin soft. .
smooth, clear, white and ""^^™^L->r»Tw. "
youthful and cures Poison *njfc?|B L \ jh
Oak and F.czema. It Is a ./BBiMUMIBL
liquid. Any cream of the a^\SSfi?2^SSBi
consistency of butter will /PrBlr^ » ' : l^T
stimulate the growth of \fiPgg '3>W«t-
hair on the face. Bran- IMM T TjflB
man Toilet Cream Is uBSi iCWWF
guaranteed not to do no. .SgfflL *5f3ES* /
Price 60c. Brahman
Tooth Powder. 25c. All t>A' <^BB^» .7?
druggists and at office of ***"»^"^"«*«.j
A. w. TRAVERSE, M. D. Larg« stock always
at J. B. Potts' Drug Co.
A. lecture on "The Progress of the
World" will be delivered by Henry War-
necke Jr. at the Temple. 117 Turk street,
this evening. The address will b» deliv-
ered at the Instance of Liberty branch,
Social IJemocratlc party of America.
Progress of the World.
ELITE DERMATOLOGY INSTITUTE,
838 Market St., San Francisco.
Halrdrewlngr, 25c; manicuring, 25c; shampoo-
ing, 2.">c: facial massage and steaming.
the t>ores of the skin.
THE ELITE FACE BLEACH— For removing
tan and freckles. It has no equal.
Prompt attention to mall orders with stamps.
Regular physician in attendance.
Bold under a guarantee to remove superfluous
hair and to prevent Its growth, has been used
successfully for twenty years by the medical
profession In, England. After one application
your face will be as free from hair as the cheek
of an Infant. ¦
ELITE SKIN FOOD-Removes all blemishes
and roughness; makes the complexion perfect;
keeps the skin clear, soft and smooth.
ELITE FACE POWDER— Chemically pure; a
preventive from superfluous hair.
ELITE HAIR GROWER— Removes dandruff:
stimulates the scalp; produces a quick growth
and makes the hair soft and bright.
THE ELITE BLACKHEAD ERADICATOR—
Permanently removes blackheads and reduces
B. B. B. ENGLISH CARAMEL
¦ 'v- « / WOMAN'S
Y^A FACE IS
-J REPULSIVE.
Sf^w'' JC IT IS NOT
&jys. NECESSARY
To suffer from this dlsflrurement. Many a
lovely face is ruined by the presence of hair
or dark shadows on the lip. chin or cheeks,
while many otherwise plain fares are made
lovely by a clean, pure skin.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SENSIBLE :
HULIUAY rKtbtN 1 5 1
¦ -?¦
Jackets— $7.50, $10, $12.50. \
' ¦¦ "*¦
S^v The Jackets are made X
K0^ of good quality Kersey - x
h£/^ elegant workmanship, 4^f I
silk lined throughout, J
/y^V^ P la ' n • ta ' !or st ' tched *
v"(\ \ : / or handsomely sat n »Xffflr Z
yS*<4j trimmed, high or low ijl||i ' X
Jackets — $15, $20, $25. :
NOVELTIES of elegant imported materials; lined ?
with the highest grades of siik or satin; finest work- ?
manship; fur trimmed or elegant satin trimmed; a mag- ?
nificent present. ' . ?
frlir LiipCS. Jpk 5|
SIO, SI5, S20, S25. x
Nothing more elegant f>fj \\ X'<
or more sensible than a A? j A \|
stylish Fur Cape, well /A* LJJ X
made with good quality H \^^ X
of silk or satin. k«***\ Z
-?¦
Novelties in BOX COATS and AUTOMOBILES, silk lined, t
$15.00, $20.00 and $25.00. J
EXTRA SPECIAL— 25 Per Cent Reduction on all GEN" X
UINE FUR JACKETS and CAPES. ?
goldenIate |
CLOAK and SUIT HOUSE j
1230-1232-1234 MARKET ST. X
„__'¦__"_,_" AbVEB-TISEMENTS.
(¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦I
j Dry Goods "^^^^ Company.
[holiday desires
i MEN'S FURNISHINGS.
I ..... STOCKTON STREET ENTRANCE.
i Smoking Jackets Handkerchiefs
1 Ruth Robes -MEN'S IRIsH LINEN H'K'F'S,
, Datn KODeS . p , ajn and hemstit;h> wit h hani-
j Dressing Gowns made ini!iaK *o $-11, per dozen
I Lkt'st de«i:n« an i colorings $3,00
! Pricfs $5, $7, $8, $9, $10 and MEN'S FRENCH LINEN H'DK'S,
I X • $12.50 plain or hemstitched, with hand-
' Dress Suit Cases an1 Valises m C "' 3 $3.0O
! Prices. upwird from $7.00 Neckwear
I Mpn'cQIIHlmhnplInc FOUR IN-HANDS. BAT TIES,
j men s oiik umbrellas tecks. ascots. puffs,
I All new sh?ipf< in handlss BUTTERFLY TIES, e:c Im-
j < Price $5.00 mense variety of choice English
I (Dress Suit Cas:s, Valises and Si.k goods, specially selected, to sell for
I Um" rellas marked free.) 50c
| x WHITE AND COLORED SHIRTS TO ORDER.
| CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
| SE. Corner Geary and Stookton Streets, San Fransiso9.
I UNION SQUARE.
! jMAIL, AND EXPRESS ORDERS RECEIVE IMMEDIATE ATTENTION.
j . 6TORE OPEN EVENINGS UNTIL' CHRISTMAS.
IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIHIIIHIIIIIIIIIIIBI!
ADVERTISEMENTS.
f Al IFORNIA ™™ " %
¦
BGffillDiDff 1317\r I HBcBaneaYoHy,Yovla!,
" o " XjlJlM I Venial, Vcnuine Ycntlcman
To-Morrow TjuxTTvnYrn^c
Sunday Afternoon JliJlliJillljxVpO
In the Play That Made Him Famous,
rZXSv I OLE I H«S WADE
P iWrr.k E 8 F v : I olsen i "v^ygs®
Everything NEW, Briftht and Cheerrul. Nothing Old Except the Title.
THAT WILL LAST FOREVER.
Brilliant U a f| nna | I dip*' flliarfoHo Tht W.rld's Swwtest
special naiioiiai oncuisn Lauies Uuariciic «¦«•». «»•«&•¦
Feature Stockholm. Bwa4«a.
HCYT IT THF WHITE HORSE TAVERN I Comlnft-EDUARD STRAUSS end Hiii
ikai ri inc nnnc nunot menu j Vienna orchestra
ABVEBTISEXENTS.
AiUJSEJCEIJTS.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, DECEMBER 16, 1900.
43
ESTABLISHED 1852.
WELLSFARGO&CO.,
....BANK....
San Francisco, Cal.
fohn f. Valentine . - SPrtsidint.
JfomrrS. JT/ny ' •>" - - - tyanajrer.
Je. Wadsworth - - - - ~ Cashier.
3^. jC. jCipman - ~ - J/tssistani Cashier.
Jfc. jC. y/Jiiier ~ - Second jfssistant Cashier.
NEW YORK. PORTLAND, OR. ; SALT LAKE.
London Bankers: Messrs. Glyn, Mills, Carrie & Go.
.+— ' " ¦ ; +
STATEMENT OF CONDITION
AT CLOSE OF BUSINESS JULy'31, 1900.
ASSETS. * LIABILITIES. /
Lo»n« •• t9.444.88S 18 C»piui. paid n? f m.m »
Bondi. Stocks and Warmuts.... UO.290 47 Surplu. . . . J.7W00OCO
X^u,"^;;;::::::::::::: gss S ™™« ™- :::::::::: »* -
Du. from Bankj and Banker... tlll.Ml n **P<»1». Baa^s and Bankers... L0S4.0U M
Cash 4.030.413 S3 Deposits, Individual 7.S3SJ.305 *>
Total I17.WU14 IS Total ..^ H7 »1 tit U
A : « ¦ ' '
A General Banking Business Transacted.
Domestic and Foreign Exchange Bought and Sold.
Travelers* and Commercial Credits Issued,
Available in All Parts of the World.
Correspondence Invited.
/ ., .-..i ¦:.
•¦H-M-i 1 1 r-i-i-i m i ; i m :-m 1 1 1 ; s i rn i r i ; it t i-i-i iiiuiii :¦:¦ *
i The FenceThat's Guaranteed I
I Stays 1 Inch or .?-. ¦ ,n.. AMFDirAv I
I 6 Inches Apart. ,-f4TH " P AMERICAN t
£ ' M|$|l| I FIELD ±
I >dB. 7"/T* """---- - anc * "'
JieEEEEEEEEz"" =S hog ::
T LJ_I i_-L_^^4^ :::: ~g J FENCE. ;;
v| Made on right principles, of Best Steel, Best Galvanizing. '.'.
'? *
4- Serves every purpose of fencing, and is practically everlasting t
•*• - . . _ . r ° X
I NOW IS THE\lME I
:: TO put it UP. ::
;; Sold by agents in 15,000 towns. If no agent in your town "
• ' write to the makers. '. I
I AMERICAN STEEL AND WIRE CO. I
:: SAN FRANCISCO, CAL. "
g> ; ,. ; ..;..;,. : .. : .. : . ; t..t , t , H . i: ., ; ,; H .r-l..;..!-! M r,,;^ I I I I III I II H MI I I- j
g*- " : ; *§
g ED, FAY E. J. FOSTER O
S •. (Formerly of Cliff Hous»-> g
( Grand Hotel Cafe j
a New Montgomery Street, 1
I FosterS Fay. San Francisco* I
S Merchants' Lunch of Superior Excellence g
g §erved Daily from 11:30 a. m. to 2 p.jn. §
I HEADQUARTERS OF ALL MINERS CAPE NOME AND ALASKA MINERS 1
| .OF THE PACIFIC COAST. CAN ALWAYS' BE FOUND HERE. |
¦ /
Agents
-«, EPPINGER
Coast XL t*(\
Warehouse, Qt V^yr*^
Costa. -3II California Street,
EXPORTERS OF
I ' \* WHEAT and BARLEY.
N. OHLANDT & CO.,
Manufacturers ant) Dealers in
Animal and Willow Charcoal. Ivory
Black, Bone Ash, Fertilizers, Neat's
Foot Oil Tallow Etc Etc
FACTORY: Indiana and Yolo Streets, Potrero.
SAN FRANCISCO, CALIFORNIA.
Vineyard and COinery: \
flit. Jfamiltcn tXoad.
J'anta Clara County, Cal.
LjittP If ft if ft
\j&r WV y "wflr V^» W V VFV
John oC. /toster, Proprietor.
Office,
327 market Street.
San francisco, Cal.
AD VEBTISEMEyTS.
J. Cm ESCHEN Pt. MINOR
Telephone Main 5381.
ESCHEN
MINOR
Ballastmen
All Work Prompt*
ly Done at Low
est Rates.
OFFICEl
8 MISSION ST.
SAN FRANCISCO.
Cable Address, "ESCHEN."
ESTABLISHED 15 1856.
TUBBS
CORDAGE
COMPANY,
. XANCTACT1TBSRS
Or ALL 8I2E3 07
Manila and Sisal Rope,
Binder Twine; Liath Yarn?
Drilling . Cables, Whale;
»Line, Rope for Trans-
mission of Power.
607, 609, 611, 613
FRONT STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO.
FACTORY AT
POTRERO.
lip!
BOOKBINDER J
Account-Book Manufacturer (
and PRINTER
422 COMMERCIAL STREET,
i v - >
\ Below Sansome, San Francisco
) ¦ TELEPHONE MAIN 1107
I
) Music, Magazines and all kinds of
) Periodicals bound -in any style desired
I at reasonable rat$s. Old books neatly
( repaired and rebound. i
LP.DEGEN
MANUFACTURER OF
Belting and
Lacing
105-107MISSION ST.
San Francisco.
Phone Main 562...
AGENTS POR
Carton Canv BeiVini ched
WeeklyGallv $1 per Year
Hay & Wright
SHIP
BUILDERS
shipyards: AlatTieda Poi n t .
REFAiRS
On Marine Railway
a Specialty......
off.ce, 36 Steuart Street,
San Francisco, U. S. A.
% General \ *
\ Contractors |
1 Crushed Rock |
I | 228 Montgomery |
_^F 1 Street, . 1
j % San Francisco. %
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
THE NEVADA NATIONAL BANK
The Nevada National Bank of San Francisco is one of the most powerful
financial concerns in the United States. With a paid up capital of $3,000,000 and a
surplus fund of J1.02S.23S 74. it rank* among the first of the more solid of national
banks .r. the Lnion. The assets aggregate $14,000,000.
This superb standing was not reachsd by accident, but by the wise, conserva-
tive ca-nagement of the business men controlling the bank's affairs. The bank
TVSS cr P orat< *a In the fomstock days hy Comstock money kings, and Its ad-
\anc«nent since that time has been steady and substantial.
leaiasW . HeUman. the president of the bank, is one of the best known finan-
I 5 n } he Pacific coast. He hag occupied his present position for many years
V]r \f.e depositors have reason to know that th"ir interests are safe in hi? hands.
The. first x-ice president is John F. Bigelow, a gentleman who»* personal qunll-
t.es ..are made him a conspicuous figure in banking circles of this city. The sec-
oro vice president is I. YV. Heliman Jr.. and George Granl is cashier.
The bank has correspondents in London and Paris ar.d issues letters of credit
available in all parts of the world.
tf<^ T^ f U W «,^£V' LMAN - President. GEORGE GRANT. Cashier.
t °*V' tt^t^ 1^ 1^ 1 " 0^*' Vlc<? President. W. McGAVIN. Assistant Cashier.
I. VjT. HELLMAN JR., Second Vice President
The Nevada National Bank of San Francisco
Capital, Paid Up - - - - $3,000,000 00
Surplus and Undivided Profits 1,029,298 74
>EW YORK CORRE.SPO>DEVTS j AMERICAN EXCHA>GE NATIONAL BANK.
i'-r^, . < IMPORTERS* AND TRADERS' NATIONAL BANK.
kVn^? BANKERS . . . UNION BANK OF LONDON, Limited.
PARIS BANKERS .... CREDIT LYONNAIS.
Letters of Credit Issued. Available in Ail Parts of the World.
DIRECTORS:
.T?HN XT. MACKAT. HENRY F. ALLEN. JAMES L. FLOOD.
r - DeG^-"I«^'E. LEWIS GEP.STLE.
,V t e Ir- r ATT - L W " HELLMAN JR. H. L. DODGE.
>AIAS t\. HELLMAN. LEVI STRAUSS JOHN F. BrGELOTT.
ADVEETTSE2EENTS.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
ig L. M. BEVILOCKWAY. Tel. Davis 1 6. WM. MORRISON. §
o i>'- ; " ' ' '• t --.»u«um?to«w3; ,. f ,, rf I' . rfe- — -'¦ - : .k ¦--•••:•¦ ft
I irSf Morrison '& Bevilockway j
Q «£\ i^Mmj MANUFACTURERS AND , §
S ipV : !:/^M ' PACIFIC COAST AGENTS FOR iC^
I IM THE ALLINOTON & CURTIS |
I W DUST COLLECTORS. I
g Estimates Given on Piping Up Planing Milts and Factories With the Latest Q j
5J improved Dust Exhaust System. 8
§ HO STEUART STREET, 1
<S Bet. Howard »nd Mission, SAN FRANCISCO, CAL. §
HENRY B. SCHINDLER.
MANUFACTURER OF
Carriages, Wagons and Trucks,
128-13O Spear Street,
fn |§i£/i P| p water, in the air gl
f.\ ii M P > R P 1 i n/r
la f^raP " m iron, stone or By
|^?^l^^4^*^A^i| c 6@'- :<^^^^^ A' wonderful ™
:=^^^^=^S» 'l| !^P^ Paint Uo lya
F??i| ' ¦ I i 5^ ] E^^ S»n Frmciico
YOU DON'T
il yon go East via Denver and the Burlington Ronte.
. ' Every evening at 6.00 a through sleeping car lea\*ea
Saa Francisco for Chicago, via Denver and the Burling-
toa Ronte. *v V
All taeals are served in dining cars- The scenery is
cneqnaled. The time fast enough to satisfy ninety-nine
people out of a hundred, and, between Denver and Chi-
cago, a luxurious library car is attached to the train.
Berths and tickets at
631 Market Street, San Francisco.
V. D. SAN BORN. General AjcnL
WEBFOOT-Old Style, on* STEREOTYPE ¦- — — .
of the eldest and best : •:';•"¦ and IW K I A I
brands o* redipped plate. LINOTYPE *»*l^ 1 t\ Ll
PACIFIC METALWORKS
LEAD.TIN. AICTIMOXT, ZINC, AX.XJM-
INUM, BISMUTH, SOLDER and BAB-
BITT. ROOFING PLATES. CANKERS'*
SOLDER A SPECIALTY. STEREO-
TYPE AND LINOTYPE METAL.
137-139 First St. m'/Jlsco 4-6-8 Natoma St;
' N I ' ¦¦-¦¦¦ .......
Padfle Metal Works — Old Process, made
*. . ' of b«t Slerare't Martin hammered steel:
FRISCO The R f .t of heavily, coated by hand; free from water;
rMovu-ine nest 01 we equal In all respects to
the Common Plate*. any plate that can be offered.THE S AN FRANCISCO CALL,, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 16, 1900.
44
SAX FRAJSCISCO CALL.
•BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisoo
Cai!. corner cf M*rkct and Third etreets; open
BO— I 12 o'clock every night In the year.
I2P.ANCH OFFICES— £27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; er>en until 5:30 p. m.
? ¦•'• Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. xn.
«.:¦•• McAlllcter etreet: open until 9:30 p. m.
CIS L_-k!n street: open until 9:30 p. tn.
:'<1 &flc£icr. etreet; cpen until 10 p. xn.
_E1 Market etreet. corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m.
106 Eleven— street; open until 9 p. m.
10S6 Valencia Btreet: open until 9 p. _.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky stre«ti; open until 5 p. m.
llllltdl SKKVICKS.
SIMPSON Memorial M. E. Church, corner
of Hayes and Buchanan em.— Rc-v. John
Stephens, imsior. Miss Jessie Ackerma.ii.
worid-renow ned temperauce worker. will
tpeak at 11 a. m. At 7:3u p. m. Bishop John
W. Hamilton will preach. Good music by a
large choir under the direction of I. E.
j ....... . treats are free. All invited.
CENTRAL Me'-hoditt Episcopal Church. Mls-
tioc St.. near Sixth— Dr. ft, D. KutatuptUer
will pit-ach at il o'clock on ihe tojnc, *'The
l'eni and the Vision." and at 7:30 on the
topic. "The Salvation and th«» Heavenly
Vision." Mr. lti'kert Lloyd conducts the ¦ex-
cellent music. Mr. Rolla V. Watt the Sun-
day pehool at 12:4i. Free scats and welcome
for all.
HOWARD Prwsbyterian Church. Oak and Ba-
ker pis. — Itev. J. S. Tliomsus pastor. Sunday
tchoo! at 8:30. Morning service at 11 o'clock.
!>er_on on "The «_'r.lty cf Reason. " repeated
by request. Christian Endeavor meeting at
€:45. Evening service Kt 7:45. Sermon on
"The Meat Which Perisheth and That Which
Endureth." Wednesday evening meeting at
7:45.
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, at the Y. M.
C. A. building, corner Mason and Ellis sts.—
Kev. John Hemj>hi:i. D.D., pastor. will
preach at 11 a. m. and 7:3a p. m. Topic even-
ing. "The Choice of a Young Man's Way In
Life." Special music by the choir, soios and
quartet. Sabbath school and Mr. Johnston's
B:b> cla-s at i::30. and Christian Endeavor
meeting at C.3>> r- m. Good prayer meeting
on WednesJay ,-vening at S o'clock. Strangers
cordially wtlcomed. Young mea specially in-
vitefl.
TRINITY Church, corner Bush and Gough sts.
—The r.cv. Frederick W. Clamjvtt, D.U..
rector. Hoiy corr.mur.ion. 8 a. m.; morning
urn-ice. U o'clock; evening service. 4 o'clock.
Fridav rervlce of intercession for army and
navy "at Urn. m. The rector will preach.
ET. PAUL'S <*hurch, California St., near F1I1-
niore— Rev. W. M. Reilly. rector; Rev. A. C.
Wilscn. assistant. Holy communion. 7:30 a.
m. Sunday school. S:45 a. m. Morning prayer
anil sermon. 11 o'clock. Evening prayer. 7:30
o'clock. Week day services, daily at W a. m. j
FT. LUKE'S Episcopal Church, ccr. of Van
Ness ave. and Clay Ft. Holy commur.lon, S
jl. m. ilornlnp prayer. 11 o'clock. Evening
service, 7:45 o'clock. Rev. T. J. M&ckay, rec-
tor of All Saints' Church, Omaha. ¦ will
•reach both morning and evening.
FIRPT Congregational Church, corner Post
and Mason £ts. — Rev. G^orjre C Adams, D.D..
jjiRtor. will preach at both service*. At 11
a. m.. theme. "A Savior"; at 7:30 p. m..
theme, •*T1:e Things Which Remain." All
are cordially invited. Christmas services
next Sunday morning and evening.
SEVENTH nay Adventist Chuch. C-14 Lapuna
rt., between McAllister and Golden Gate ave.
—Preaching this <r"unda>i evening at 7:30
o'clock by the raster, Elder J. O. Corli.-'i.
Subject. "Si.irilualis=m: What Is It? Is It
Krcra Earth. Heaven or Hell?" A cordial
invitation is extended to all. Feats free.
FIRST Church of Christ. Scientist. Central
block, _3 Sutter Ft. between Kearny st. and
CJrarjt ave. — Christian Science Bible lesson at
11 a. m. : subject. "Is the Universe, Including
Man, Evolved by Atomic Force? " Sunday-
school for children at the same hour. Wednes-
day evening meeting at S o'clock. Free read-
ing-room. H»6 Kearny St.. room 510. All are
welcome.
AT the Strangers* Sabbath Home (the Howard
Ftreet Methodist Episcopal Church), Howard
St.. bet. Second and Third, the Rev. Clarence
True Wilson. P.D.. of San L)iego, son of the
Ilev. John A. U. Wilson. U.IX. will preach
at 11 a- m. and 7:3".' r- m. Morning subject, j
"Immortality." Evening subject, "Redemp- i
tic a." Great Ei>worth L^agrie rally at 6:15.
Seats free. A cordial welcome awaits you.
THE First Mental Science Temple meets in
Golden Gate Hall at II a. m. Interesting and ;
Instructive discourses on mental science sub-
jects by lecturrrs of ability and note. Public
Inviu-d. Admission free. j
THE First Divine Science Church— M. E. Cra- '
mer. pastor, meets every Sunday at 11 a. m.
In "Home College." 3360 Peventtenth St., be-
tween Valencia and Mission. Sunday school
at JO a. ra. Subject of discourse, "Life After
Death. ¦"
THE Theosophieal Society — Public lecture to-
night. Odd Fellews' building. "A Review of
Mrs. Bf-sant'e Problems of Sociolojry." by W.
I- Duccy.
MEETIXGS SUNDAY.
DR. J. DEPE1V KERGAX lectures this eve. on
"The Hygiene of Old Age" at Crystal Hall.
Pythian Castle. !*¦* Market, followed by mag-
nificent rim of a visit to Ireland. Free tick-
ets distributed for X-my exhibition at sani- |
tarium next Tuesday eve. Seats free. NOTE— '
I>r. Kerpan lectures to ladies only next Thurs- '
day at 3 o f clock in Friendship Hall. Pythian
Castle. "Cause and Cure of Ovarian Diseases."
AT Whitney Hall, 1164 OTarrell. bet. Frank-
lin and Gouph; occult demonstrations, mes-
c&ges and Questions answered by Mrs. J. J.
Whitne*- medium. 7:45 p. m.: admission 10
cents; Ellis-st. car passes door.
DR. RINKS Spiritual Society, sos Market. 11,
free; 2, 8. 10c. Mrs. Ylseras Harrison-Lester
Hotter, all tests; December 19, social enter-
tainment. 909 Market St., S p. m.
TEST circle to-night at C'5 McAllister by Mme.
Young (the locator of the rich Miners' Dream
claim near Rodding, referred to In Friday'*
Bulletin); ex me, skeptics; 10c.
KATIE HEUFSMAS'P test circle to-night and
Fri. evening: 25c. _4 Russ, off Howard, bet.
Sixth and Seventh; sittings dally.
BENJAMIN FAY MILLS at Metropolitan Tem-
ple to-nicht In hi* great lecture. "Con-
science." The public Invited. Seats free.
FREE lecture. "The Mystery of Mars," by
Miss M. A. Walsh, Wednesday, % p. m., at
MRS. HELL'S, 126 Eddy et.
MRP. LESTER. 222 Turk— Spiritual seance S
p. m., 10c; developing circle Wednesday eve.,
25c; readings dally.
MRS. Stoddard's wonderful test circles. 10c,
Tuee.. Thure.. Sun.. 8 p. m. 278 9th; sittings.
ARNOLD & DICKSOX'S wonderful tests to
all: 3 and S o'clock; 10c. Moved to 148 Cth. r. «.
CIP.CLE to-nleht. 8 sharp. 10c; readings dally.
MME. MAKmriSK. t. Hyde St.. nr. McAllister.
EARLE. occult circle to-night; questions an-
swered; tests, etc. 305 Taylor, ccr. Ellis.
MRS. ELKIE REYNOLDS, materializing «e-
ance Sunday fve.; E0c. 230 Ellis st.
W. G. KEEGAX holds a seance every night
except Saturday. We. 14S Sixth st.
MRS. VIGAR'S test meeting to-night; 10c; slt-
t.inc« <2a.ily. 148 Sixth St., -room 32.
MEETINGS— tn I vernal ISroi her Uootl.
THEOSOPHICAL Society. S19 Market Et.—
Lecture to-nipht. "Phases of Karma," by
Dr. A. Griffiths: tr.temational Brotherhood
League next Tuesda} night, subject. "Peace."
MEETIXG XOTICES.
MISSION Lodge Xo. 169. F. and A. M.— m
O'ficens and members are hereby notl- *V
fled to attend the funeral of our de- x jP
cfased brother. GEORGE W. DAVID. /^*r\
lute a member of Alva Lodge No. 43. Damari-
M-otta. Maine, from the hall of this lodge,
TO-DAY (Ssa4a*f>, ot 1:30 p. m. By order
of the W. M.
CEO. D. FLACK. Secretary.
THE funeral committee of Ger- v">*_»
rr.cr.ia Lodge No. 110, I. O. O. F.. -/i^^^Jc-^
is requested to meet SUNDAY,
December 16. at 1:80 p. m.. to at- '' // '" >>
tend the funeral of our late brother M
KAECHELE, at Odd Fellows* Hall. Market
¦t. Ey order cf the N. O.
E. ROTGER, SecrctAry.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of the
Nevada National Bank of San Francisco. Cal.
will be held at Its banking house, 301 Mont-
roMery st., San Francisco. Cal.. on TUES-
1>AY. January &. 1S01. at 8:15 o'clock p. m.,
fcr the election of directors to serve for the
ensuing year and the transaction of such
other business as may come before the meet-
"nt. GEO. ORANT. Cashier.
San Francisco. December g. 1900.
AGEXTS WANTED. "
SOLICITORS OR AGENTS.
Gentlemen or ladies having cxnerience can
moke big money.
Anplr at once between S and 12 a. m. "«.'
UTICA CLEANSING COMPOUND CO^
21 Srw»ar st.
RESIDENT agent to sell line of up to date
petticoats to Jobbers and retailers- in San
Francisco and entire Pacific Coast: liberal
commission; must have Al references. Ad-
dress .TOS. CORN, ill Prince «.. New York.
SOLICITORS wanted; men or women; good
p&iaries warranted; payable either weekly or
monthly; expanses paid. 527 Market, rm. 61S.
A'JENTS— Do you want something more profit-
able cud easier to fcII than books or lnsttr-
¦_c*? Add. F. PERSON, r. <12. Porrott bldg.
IT00 TO SJOO per month: men or women: salary
or commission. f27 Market St.. room 6_.
WANTED— Solicitors; new line. JOHN ELDER
CO.. C36 Market Et.
ADOPTION.
> A GOOD home open for girl or boy baby. Ad-
, dress MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1416 Eighth Bt.,
Alam^qa.
j ASPHALTUM ROOFING. ~
j J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
| paired: postal. 1UG Mission: tel. Folsom 1607.
ASTROLOGY.
ASTROLOGY— Tour prospects for M901, with
test sketch of life, by an expert predlctlonlst;
send date of birth, sex and 12c. PROFESSOR
EERANO, box 522S, Boston, Mass.
DR. C. TOUSEY TAYLOR. Scientific Astrolo-
ger— Fr»» copy "The New Moon." 765 Market.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
' i R, W. KING, S27 Market St.. 6th floor, room 627
• | —Estates. d_maces, attachments, bankruptcy,
! collections; all cases; fair fee; no advance
! charcee; loans on estates. Tel. Howard 1537.
. ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
' no fee without success: collections. G. W.
I HOWE, atty at law. S50 Market, cor. Stockton.
I. EllW. JARRETT. Hearst bldg.. Third and
Market sts.: phone Red 6262.
ADVICE fre*; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market Bt.. opp. Mason.
L. P. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-.
1 kot st.: ocnFiiltation free; no fees In advance.
HATH CABIXETS.
! R^BI^ol<7^Ta^rarp^rferti<rn _t_ othTrsT "wT
S. BROWN CO.. agency. 426 Ellis St.. S. F.
; BICYCLES — For Sale or Exchange.
j ALLEN sells tha Best bicycles. Columbia.
Spalding. Barnes, Hartford, Monarch, Stor-
I mer, Pennant, $20 up. 301 Larkin & 1970 Page.
j BICYCLES at reduced prices: we are clearing
i out our 19<*i models to make room for new
I 1901 stock. Yosemlte Cycle Works. 1522 Market.
I ————_—————. ————————————————————————————————————
; DOARDIXG FOR CIIILDREX.
j SUNNY Cat, near school: mother's care. Ad-
cress 452 Clipper st., near Diamond.
UISIXESS CI1AXCES.
A— J100; BRANCH bakery and stationery; 4 liv-
ine rooms: rent J13; a good business for man
and wife. Inquire R. G. WIL.KE, 26^ Kearny.
INCREASE your Income— $100 invested in grain
or stocks by my "Safe Investment Plan" has
paid l_-ger profits than in. any other manner
of dealing; write immediately for particulars;
bank, financial and customers' refs. S. A.
demons, Broker, Old Colony bldg., Chicago.
FOR sole — Flneet carpenter shop in city. In-
cluding lease, fixtures, stock, machinery and
good will; centrally located; doing a good
jobbing and contracting business; cause of
tale sickness. Address K. \V., box 46S. Call.
FIRST-CLASS restaurant and oyster house. 2
doors from Market; dally receipts $60 to *90;
must be sold on account sickness; investi-
gate and make offer. Box 391", Call offlce.
1 , .
i BAKRERS. attention — 4-chalr barber shop on
' Market st.: good location: first-class fixtures:
} selling" account going: Bast. Apply HALL'Y
& CO., room 103, Murphy building.
COUNTRY peddling business: dry roods, etc;
wag-on and team: pstablishPd 9 years; bi«r
money; owner retlrinc rich; healthy occupa-
tion. Room 154. 221 Ellis st.
PRIVATE rarty investing $500 can double
j money in 3 days; bona fide legitimate business
preposition; stand investigatn. llox 237, Call.
1 .
I PARTNER wanted — $S0O down, balance pay-
I ments; in legitimate business; net $200 month
I each; can be increased. Box 3301, Call offlce.
j J4<*> — GRAND opportunity for lady or Rent; loca-
tion perrect: cigars, stationery, notions. Wait-
i inc room. *:3d-ave. station, Easl Oakland.
l '
I ELEGANTLY fitted up candy and ice cream
; store, with a complete factory for manufac-
| iinlr.u. Apply room 4<)2, Call office.
PARTNER In office business; lady or frentle-
man; investigate. CLOSE & CO., 209 Kearny.
$30 WINS $300 per month at races; references
given. Information Lyons, 921 Market, r. 4.
GOOD paying advertising dontal office for sale
at sacrifice; other business,. Box 779, Call.
15c RESTAURANT; good location; fine living
for two; reasonable. Uox 3916, Call office.
I FOR sa.!» — Stationery and candy store: down-
I town location; no agents. Box 7SS, Call.
FOR sale — Grocery and bar on account of
death. 423 Third St.. corner Perry.
j FOK SALE — A good paying fruit and vegetable
j business. Catl at 212 Gouth st.
FOR SALE— Paying delicacy store; business
calls me away. 123 Fourth st.
PRINTING orfice for sale; bargain to start;
cheap. Box £'31, Call office.
A BAKERY, delicatessen and confectionery ]
store: t2i>0. S4S Howard rt. !
j A SNAP— tlOO— Milk depot, baker}" and delicacy
I store. Box 3?02, c'all office.
! CORNER groceiy etore for rent, $23: formerly
$60; big city, country trade. LAYMANCE.
460 Eighth et.. Oakland.
$400 — GRAND opportunity for lady or gent; lo-
cation perfect; cigars, stationery, notions.
Waiting room. Twenty-third ave. station.
I East Oakland.
FOR sale — Small restaurant; reasonable; two
livingr-roomf. Box 7C2, this office.
l STATIONERY and candy store; downtown lo-
j cation: no agents. M. D. JAHNKE. 2S Eddy.
! WANTED— A good energetic business man
with $1500. to buy half-Interest In a fine
novelty patent, with the exclusive sale right
| of the United States and Canada; patent at
office. 21S Bar— ome 6t.
A COAL, hay and grain business; established
over 15 years; one of the best locations In the
city; paying now over $7 per day net. For
particulars call or address M. F. THOMP-
| SON, room 310. Safe ¦ Deposit building.
, _______________ ~
23 to 50 per cent profit monthly on our new ;
I r?yftem; call and investigate. N. S. HAND &
| CO.. expert handjeappers. suit 12. 34 Kearny.
J $1000— GROCERY and bar; rent $60 for store
] and 6 rooms upstairs: lease if desired. WICH-
MAN, LUTGEN & CO., 31S Clay st.
| JCOO— PARTNER wanted In well-paying restau-
I rant. Particulars Inquire at 1067 Market, up-
| etalns, in photo eallery; agents avoided.
J400— CORNER grocery and bar; pood business;
large stock; fine fixtures; cause sickness. Ad-
dress box 729. Call office.
! RESTAURANT for sale, with lease; good pay-
j Ing business; safe, cash register, etc: open
i for Inspection. 135 Ellis st.
j $«i0— STATIONERY, clean stock and fixtures;
good holiday trade. Address box ~2. Call.
CANDY, Ice cream, cigar and stationery store;
laundry office. C03 Post, cr. Taylor; no agents.
FIRST-CLASS saloon for sale; on account of
death; tlSOO. Call 222 Fell st.
A BRANCH ofHce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098
Valencia «t. • ,
_O_GI>~G-IiOUS_S FOR SALE.
; MONEY loaned on. lodging-houses, 1H P c •
| anything you want In lodging-houses; s'mples:
i 37 rooms; on Powell st.: rent $175: price. .$1900
j 24 rooms; on Leaven worth; rent $125; price 1900
i 16 rooms; on sunny side J rent $23; price.. 750
' ! 1 rooms; on Geary st ; rent $40; price 450
i 12 rooms; O'Fairell St.; rent $50; price... 550
I 6 rooms; Turk St.; rent $27; price 300
i 17 rooms In center of Oakland, with front
] block, lawn, palms, flowers, roses, no work
! full of teachers. Income $S5, price $1300, half
i cash, rent $32; a $450 piano for $200.
For quick sales list your houses with Ai L.
WILLEY, 916 Market St.; phone Black B215.
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market, nr. Call bldg
11 rooms... J200120 rooms.. $900 S5 rooms.. $3600
I 11 rooms... 400,20 rooms.. 1200 75 rooms.. 4000
| 12 rooms... 600,24 rooms.. 1400 65 rooms.. 4300
, j 13 rooms... 3oO!26 rooms.. 1*50 63 rooms.. 2300
12 rooms... 500!36 rooms.. 1500 C2 rooms.. 3000
14 rooms... 350J30 rooms.. 2400 60 rooms.. 7000
17 rooms... 250j34 rooms.. 2650 j 50 rooms.. 3200
18 rooms... 800 27 rooms.. 2750 100 rooms.. 1500
18 rooms... 600:30 rooms.. 2500 50 rooms.. 7000
15 rooms... 473,40 rooms.'. 3000 60 rooms.. 5000
19 rooms... 700 ! 40 rooms.. 4000 64 rooms.. 8000
17 rooms. .. SCO, 43 rooms.. 3500] 46 rooms.. 6000
CS ROOMS , 66 ROOMS
Cheap Rent— Corner.
Price $24C0. Price $2100
i For Bale only by WINSTON & CO., 1026 Market.
. i 20 ROOMS 20 ROOMS
j Rent $50; water free
. North of Market; business street
, Price $1200.. WINSTON _ CO., 1026 Market.
, A— 22-ROOM house; central $1000
20-room house; first class t 1050
11-room house; $A75; S-room fiat 325
20-room house: Eddy; rent $75: only 900
- FISHER _ CO.. 1CS2 Market st.
! SNAP— 11 rooms, furnished; clears $25 per ma :
i only $125. FISHER & CO.. 1032 Market st.
I 60 ROOMS; rent $l*,0... J $2200
I 12 rooms; nicely furnished .; 900
I 100 rooms; elegant furniture 6000
¦ j IV 111 loan from $100 up at 1V4 per cent.
' I , DAVIS fc RIVES, r. 69. 916 Mkt. St.
I i LARGEST list lodging houses; good bargains*
. , money loaned on furniture. SCHWEINHARD
, ! rms. 1-2. 917 Market Bt.. bet. Fifth and Sixth!
1 ! 17 ROOMS: all occupied: central: bargain; $850
• ! DONNELLY CO.. 622 Market Bt. 7~:
. ! $150~BAROAIN; 14-room lodging-house; fur-
. j nlshefl. Apply 439 Dupont Bt.
• ' 1— —_i — — — —. _— 1 —
j LODGING-HOUSE WANTED.
I WANTED— To ' buy, lodjrtng-houses and other
• j enterprises; no agents. Call or address
: HALEY _ CO., room 10S. Murphy building.
j corner of Jones and Market bU.
CARRIAGES AND WAGOXS.
COLUMBUS BUGGY CO., clearance sale; low-
wheel, rubber-tire road wagon, $S0; other
styles at proportionately low prices; suitable
Xmas presents. Markt. nr. 9th., opp. St. Nlch.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc., cheap. EG AN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
NEW & Id-hand wagons, buggies, carts & hax-
ness. work & driving horses, lath & Valencia.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. 81 per year.
hl'JHITUALIS.U.
ALWAYS consult the best.
MRS. DR. CLARK.
The well-known trance medium, is perma-
nently located at 1206 Market St., cor. Golden
Gate ave., rooms 2S and 26; take elevator.
Are You In Trouble?
Bad health, business worry, family difficul-
ties, legal complications, or under evil in-
iluer\ces ?
-Mrs, Clark will help you. She deals with
life and its practical bearings, and many are
they who rise to call her name '"blessed."
Her enormous and varied experience for years
of study and travel, and, above all, her mar-
velous power of knowing all things at a
glance, makes her advice Invaluable. The
most complicated disease, business entangle-
ment or domestic difficulty is- instantly per-
ceived and the remedy suggested. There is
no cose too difficult for her to handle, as
thousands can testify.
Life in all its various phases she has made
her one study.
The cause of failure, the road to success,
denominate conditions, and rise above all
evils of whatsoever kinds she has mastered.
No roan or woman need remain under the
cloud. There is always a way out. She will
discover it and help you.
Read Her Circular.
Sent free on application with 2-cent stamp,
and learn more about the laws of life and her
own peculiar and wonderful powers than you
have ever known.
She gives advice on business.
Speculation, stocks, Investments, law, etc.
She will tell you what trade, business or pro-
fession you are adapted for. Tells you when
and whom you will marry and how to make
It a peaceable and happy union. Has your
lover deceived you? Or are you In trouble?
You can be aided and all can be made right.
Family, love and; In fact, al! domestic
troubles of public or private nature can be
made right and kept right after a visit to
this Inspired medium of modern times.
Removes evil influences.
She never fails to unite the
Separated by proper advice.
Learn the Secret Power to Control.
Have you ever noticed how some people are
lucky, happy and prosperous in life, while
others merely exist and are Just as miserably
unhappy? Why is this? Can you an-
swer? Ask her and she will tell you why.
Mrs. Clark has devoted 10 years of her life
to the study of clairvoyance.
Mrs. Clark has been located In this city for
several years and is not compelled to seek",
other localities.
She Has Stood the Test and Is Here to Stay.
Call and test the. doctor to your heart's con- :
tent, and you will depart thoroughly satis-
fied that there Is at least one reliable medium
and clairvoyant now In your midst. Nothing
in life is too obscure for Mrs. Dr. Clark to
reveal.
If you have lost faith and given up In de-
spair because of former failure, take courage
now and call on Mrs. Dr. Clark without de-
lay. Conviction will be sure and happiness
and success will follow.
Always Consult the Best.
Perfect satisfaction guaranteed by mall. Send
Ftamp for circular with special terms. All
business sacred and confidential! Sickness,
losses, deaths, etc., will be omitted from your
reading at your request; otherwise every-
thing, good and bad, will be given.
MRS V DR. F. CLARK.
¦ 1206 Market st., cor. Golden Gate ave., rooms
25 and 26; take elevator.
Home Daily and Sundays.
CONSULT SANDERS for health and fortune.
Consult SANDERS for spiritual development.
Consult SANDERS for wedded bliss.
Consult SANDERS for Biblical interpretation.
Consult SANDERS for lucky days & numbers.
Consult SANDERS for lost property.
Consult SANDERS on all love affairs.
Consult SANDERS and learn what to do.
Consult SANDERS for Immediate good luck.
Consult SANDERS regarding oil and mining.
Circles Thursdays, 2 p. m. and
...-. Fridays at 8 p. m., 23c.
Consult SANDERS daily at S14 Taylor st.
MRS. DR. FARNHAM, world renowned Epiril-
ual medium: advice in all affairs of life, law-
suits, divorces, deaths; unites the separated;
mining a specialty; cirs. Sun., Wed., Frl.ev's;
come and be convinced. Permanently located
S13 Eddy St., bet. Hyde and Larkin; no sign.
THE well-known medium. MISS CHURCHILL?
from St. Paul. Is here; spiritual readings on
all affairs of life; answers all questions; also
by maii; price (1. 1035 Market Et,, suite 13.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, test, business me-
dlum and life reader: also medical clairvoy-
ant; treats all diseases at office or by letter;
Bittlngs, SI. 11C4 O'Farrell St.; take Ellis car.
C. Mayo-Steers, 112',4 Oak, trance medium;
readings. $1; hours. 1-5 p. m. ; tel. Howard 527.
EARLE, 305 Taylor St., corner Ellis — Sittings'
daily: seance Sunday, Tuesday and Thursday.
MRS. KOTTER'S circle to-night. 10c; sittings
dally; ladles EOc: gents Jl. 34 Sixth St.. r. 15.
ELSIE Reynolds, removed to 330 Ellis st. Ma-
terializing seance Friday evening; 50 cents.
MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium,
healer and card reader. 146 Eddy st.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 333 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer, sittings; convincing tests to-night; 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
ISMAR THE GYPSY.
ISMAR the Egyptian Gypsy draws aside the
uncurtained years ahead; happiness and suc-
cess go hand in hand, yet hundreds fall where
success is possible were It not for a lack of
foresight into the future. If you are In trouble
of any kind, discontented, unhappy or not
•atlsfled in life, consult ISMAR, for she is a
prophetess of world-wide fame, and her name
has become a proverb in thousands of homes
made happy by her aid and advice. ISMAR
can be consulted daily from 10 a. m. to 5
p. m., Sundays by appointment only, at her
office, 1148 Market Bt., opp. Sixth. Full life
reading by mall, $5. See my display ad on
page 27.
MRS. E. M. DUVAL.
213 KEARNY ST.. ROOMS 8-10.
Late of Los Angeles.
MRS. DUVAL Is a natural born clairvoyant
and business medium. She tells your past;
present and future life, diagnoses diseases,
cures deafness, etc. If there are obstacles in
the path of your life she can tell you how
to overcome them and how to avoid them.
MRS. DUVAL has practiced successfully In
Los Angeles for the past nine years for all
the principal business people, as well as those
in the highest society, and still has patrons
there, to whom she will continue to give her
valuable advice.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Market
st., corner of Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall. Send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant _ car-
reader, born with double veil — second sight*
diagnoses' disease with life reading; ladies 60c'
gents $1; palm, and clair.. sit. |1 50. 126 Turk!
MME. BERNARD reads life fluently; advice
given In all affairs of life* satisfaction guar-
anteed; 25c up. 17 Third St., next Examiner.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1143 Market, opp
6th: private readings dally. 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MRS. CAMERON, clairvoyant, cardreader me-
dlum; 25c up. 823 Mission St., nr. 4th; rlns bell.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader; pasT
present, future: 25c. 148 Sixth st., room 14.
MME. SYBILLE. 914 O'Farrell: reads life; fu-
ture husband'- photo; S to 12 a. m.; ladles 25c.
MRS. MBLVILLE. well-known clairvoyant, wa-
ter reader, moved to 11 Sixth; German spoken.
MME. ZEREDA, the gypsy. Is the great palm-
< 1st and card reader; 23c. 7 Seventh st.
MME. HELMUTH. card reader, astrologlst—
Ladies. 25c; German spoken. 938 Mission st.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or.no pay; 25c. ,1149 Mission.
G.PSY: genuine clairvoyant: locate^ 10 days 114
Turk gt. ; ladles. 25c: gents. 60c. "Fraw'ey."
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader -
sittlngB dally. 44S% Jessie st. , .
MRS. E. M. DUVAL, clairvoyant and business
medium. 215 Kearny: St., rooms 8-10.
MME. RAVENNA reads. life fluently; business
advice; names given: 25c up. 6 Fourth st.
CHIROPODISTS.
CORNS, bunions. •; Ingrown nail's, : warts, chll-
blain.i; painlfs cure. Dr. Duncan. 415 8utter.
¦ COTTAGES TO : LET.'
J6— COTTAGE, 6 rooms; worth $14 in city; near
Holly Park; water free. 64. Silver it. off 3d.
HO— COTTAGE: rear; 4 rooms and attic; gar-
den.; water free." 1121% Filbert st.
CARPET , BEATIXG AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor 1 work
Bend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
lng Works. 353-357 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
STANDARD 313 Guerrero— Curtains and blan-
kets renovated, 25c per pair; carpets cleaned,
3c yd; laying a specialty. Phone Mission 106.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 5c.
STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie !»44.
J. E. MITCHELL, Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth St.; tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. .GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 83$ Golden
Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
COLLECTION OFF1CE.S.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-'
less successful. Room 310. S27 Market st.
DENTISTS.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket bt., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns.
$3 &0 up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P.. Manager.
A— DISCOUNT of 20 per cent for 20 days on all
plates, crowns and bridgework. See our new
unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl, warranted
for 20 years; crowns, $3 GO; nlllngs. SOc; plates,
$5, full set; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth Et.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings ; extractions or fillings by my won-
derful secret, painless method; 20 years' ex-
perience; no students: advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W . LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
ma'de; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per pet: extracting. 50c; gas given.
MODERN DENTAL PARLORS, 1206 Market
et. ; expert extracting, crown and bridge work.
. A. L. SIMPSON. P. P. 8.
PARIS Dental Parlor. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns. $3; fillings. 25c.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St., corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOTTNG. lS-n Polk gt.
DEPILATORY.
O. C. C. — A Harmless liquid for permanently
removing superfluous hair; will not irritate,
burn nor poison the most delicate skin -.agents
wanted. Ontnrlo Chem. Co.. ag'cy, 426 Ellis.
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL DreEsmaklnKandMillinery School;
patterns cut; evening class. 1013 Market st
ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
lng. pinking. 121 Post, over O" Connor & Moffatt.
DRESSMAKING; reasonable prices; dresses
made over; perfect fit. 387 Geary st.
EDUCATIONAL.
G^LLAGHSfl^jAllSirConeg^ ParTOuTBufg.— .
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand; reportorlal phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping; full course, $30; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post St.,
S. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy. English branches, civil,
olectrical and mining pngineoring, etc. ; day
and night sessions; new 80-page catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St.; day
and evening; individual Instruction, $8 per
month; life scholarship, $50; bookkeeping,
shorthand, telegraphy, etc.; catalogue free.
MISS M. G. BARRETT. Shorthand Academy;
lessons by mail ; acknowledged by official re-
porters best teacher, best system. 302 Montgy.
ATTENTION!— Tarr's pupils thorough book-
keeping figures; short time: college graduates
perfected; expert accounting. 220 ParrtAt bid.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year sot positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE, 1236 Market st.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec, mining, mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch. ; day. eve. ; est. 1864.
VAN PER XAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
VOICE culture, French conversation. MON-
SIEUR, MADAME de LOERY of Paris. 742
O'Farrell Bt.
DELRARTE. elocution, dratftatlc art. MADE-
MOISELLE HELEN P. CLARKE, 408 Golden
Gate ave.
VISITINO governess; English branches, piano
and bookkeeping; 50c a lesson. Box 747, Call.
MUNSON, School Shorthand. Typing, Bookkeep-
ing, Spanish. 137 Mont'y. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
E. J. APPLEBT, banjo, mandolin and pultar.
40SC McAllister St.; phone Folsom 2071.
LEARN German in three months; $5 per
month. Y. M. C. A. building. 5th floor.
TEACHERS' Agey. A.McNelll.Mgr.. r. 31. Flood
bldg.; high school, grammar, private teachers.
MR. and MRS. P. MANSFIELD, music studio,
violin, guitar, mandolin, banjo. 1S36 Eddy st.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— Night class. 424 Pine St.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc., day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mlsslon.nr. 6th.
A WEEK'S news for 5c— The Weekly Call. 16
. oh fir^n, in t"*t^^t*. for *mn 1 1 1 tiit, SI i">^r *yp_,r.
EMPLOYMENT. OFFICES. '
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; estab. over 10 years; all kinds helo.
421 Post St.; near Powell; telephone Bush 135.
JAPANESE responsible housecleanlng co.,; est.
1870: practical recommend: try them: removed
to 419 Devlsadero: tel. Fell 136. F. HAMADA.
JAPANESE and Chinese employment offlce;
best help. 526 O'Farrell st. ; tel. Hyde 2191.
ABC EMPLOYMENT Offlce: Chinese. Japan-
ese help fur. 544 California; phono James 2601.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
/ flee; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51SS.
ORPHEUM Emplyoment Offlce— Japanese. Chi-
nese help.426 Powell. nr. Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Offlce —
Host help. Aim O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
EMPLOVMEXT WASTED FEMALE,
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. ..Phone Grant 1S5
We have on hand, open to engagement: First-
class German cook for American family;
Swedish cook, very best references; German
second girl from Chicago, Eastern references;
hotel cook for city or country; waitresses,
chambermaids and all kinds of family and
hotel help. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
FOR first of the year, refined lady of 30 de-
sires cosltlon as offlce assistant or type-
writer; small wages to begin. Box 776, Call.
SITUATION wanted to do general housework
by a good plain cook. 8 Hayes Bt.
A YOUNG lady, thorough musician, wishes a
situation In refined family to Rive dally piano
Instruction for room and board; owns piano.
Box 688. Call office. '
EXPERIENCED waitress wishes position in
hotel. 1211 Mission et.. near Eighth.
EASTERN girl wants second work In private
family. Call COS Fell st. . .
A SITUATION wanted by a respectable woman
to wash dishes and help In a kitchen, or
housework and assist; carfare. Address 711
California st.
RESPECTABLE*' woman would like situation
in private family; kind to children; good cook.
49 Shipley st. ¦; . ¦• ¦. - ¦•.-¦•¦ ¦
DANISH woman, experienced laundress, wishes
work by the day in private family. MRS.
NELSON. 108 William Bt %
SITUATION wanted by a young German
woman as restaurant or boarding-house cook;
experienced short order cook. Call S17 Mis-
sion st. .
SEAMSTRESS would give her sen-Ices for the
rent of sunny. room. Call 215 Polk St., rear.
YOUNG lady desires .permanent situation in
this city; willing to give light ' service for
room and board ; Is neat and refined, but lost
her hearing. Box 7S2. Call offlce.
A PROTESTANT woman wants a place for
cooking and general housework; 120 or $25 a
month. C. TT.' S.V box 780,'CaIl offlce. ••
BY neat girl as nurse or second work In coun-
try; experienced; letter answered if stamped.
Pox 7S8, Call.
A GOOD laundress wishes work by the day.
743 Folsom at.
NURSE would like the care of an Invalid 'lady
or gentleman; -understands massage. Box
3933, Call offlce. -
WAITRESS deelrlns a situation In a restaur-
ant. 413A Franklin at. .'
DRESSMAKER from the East, flrst-class cut-
ter and fitter; go out- by the day; make. a
BUit In one day. , 1532 ; Polk ' st. : > , -y
RELIABLE lady wants position as nurse for
Invalid or housekeeper. 13S2 Market, ,rm. 30.
RESPECTABLE ' youhff fjirl wants employment
at ceneral housework. . Apply ; at 809 Thlr-
, toenth st.," near Sanchez; no postals.
RELIABLE woman^ wishes v a position to "do
cooking, nurse, or general housekeeping; ref-
erences. , MRS. SMITH, ; care E. Willis. . 6*4
-Sacramento st. ' .
MIDDLE-AGED lady wishes situation to take
* care Invalid ; can do plain cooking. 124 Welch
, St., near Fourth.;.- * ; -^ . ¦ ¦"¦¦;:>•
. EMPLOYMENT . WASTED FEMALE.
GERMAN woman would like plain sewing to
do at home. 951 Mission st.
AN elderly lady wishes a situation to assist in
, light housework. 11 Eddy at., room 4.
YOUNG married German woman wishes a sit-
uation In a nice private family to work 6
or 8 hours a day. Box 734. Call offlce.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st:. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night, $1 60 to *6
week; convenient and' respectable: free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions, has been established at ¦ 109S
Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st,
em p loy - me:vt W . AX T^.P~" MA V E '^
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S... .Phone Grant 183
EMPLOYMENT AGENTS
Have plenty of men on hand. Can furnish
immediately plough teamsters, farm hand3,
orchard men, dairymen, vlneyardlsts, labor-
¦ , ers, carpenters, miners, tiemakers, wood-
choppers, saw and mill men, oil borers,
.•cooks, waiters, bakers, hostlers, men and
wives,, in fact, any help you may need, as
well as female help for hotels and "families.
Phone, wire or write us your orders.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary St.. S. V.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 123'^ West 2d at., L. A.
A— CORRESPONDENT, -confidential clerk or
private secretary; young man, 27, married:
KO'h'i appearance and address; rapid and ac-
curate stenographer and typewriter; particu-
larly good original letter writer; 10 years' all
round office experience; fine penman; quick
and accurate at figures; details of your busi-
ness soon mastered; a valuable assistant to a
busy man; excellent references; salary must
be fair for competent service far above the
average; city or country. G. W., box 773, Call.
A GENTLEMAN of address and business ex-
perience desires a position: amount of salary
not the Important point. Ad. box 770. Call.
EXPERIENCED young man desires a position
as assistant engineer or fireman, in mines
preferred. Box 769, Call offlce.
AN experienced nurse wishes situation; good
reference. Address T. SHEEHEY, 144 Juniper.
AN active man seeks position of trust; general
experience; ref. Al. Box 771. Call offlce.
YOUNG married couple used to hotel work de-
sire a place after Jan. 1 In country hotel; hus-
band to clerk or barkeeper and porter and
wife to do chamber work. Ad. box 768, Call.
FIRST-CLASS painter would like to work In
exchange for room and board. Address 331
Kearny st.. room 32.
ANY kind of work couple of afternoons a week
and whole day Saturday, or help to carry
morning paper; jio canvassing. Address box
781. Call offlce.
TRAINED nurse and attendant wants position
with invalid gentleman physically or men-
tally afflicted; charges moderate. HENRY
FICHTUER. 1009 Mission st.
SITUATION wanted by a first-class baker on
bread or as foreman or second hand. Box
784, Call office.
COOK wants work; a good cook; can also do
gardening and housework; careful and rolla-
ble man. Address Cook, 318 Minna st.
SITUATION wanted by coachman; flrst-clasa
gardener and driver; sober, reliable, trust-
worthy; 6 years last place; best references.
Box 7S7. Call.
FIRST-CLASS carpet layer, upholsterer and
general furniture man. Box 791. Call offlce.
PLUMBER, first-class, will work by the day
necessary shop tools; reference. Box 795, Call.
BOOKKEEPER wants position; city or coun-
try: sood references; very moderate salary.
G. N.. box 797. Call.
POSITION wanted by competent stenographer
of 26; one year's experience: has knowledge of
bookkeeping; moderate salary; recommenda-
tlons. Box 7fiC, Call office.
STEADY, reliable man as coachman or stable-
man; good driver and general handy man. Ad-
dress box 7G0, Call office.
YOUNG man desires position as waiter in
«mall restaurant or lunch counter work. Box
761, Call offlce.
MIDDLE-AGED man wishes ponitlon as bar-
tender: is good all-around man; city or coun-
try. Box 755, Call.
WANTED — By a trained nurse (26). a position
as attendant to invalid to the 1st of Janu-
ary, 1901. Box 147, Call offlce.
EXPERIENCED offlce man wishes situation as
bookkeeper, accountant or other office work:
security given if wanted. A. B. box 722, Call.'
SITUATION wanted— A good cake baker, fore-
man (at present employed), will change If a
better Job Is offered; willing to go short dis-
tance in country. Address box 663. Call.
A JAP wants a eleeplnt* room; will do work in
th» morning as payment. J. KAUAMITOR,
2C00 Bush st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
FUbscrlptlons has been established at 11)96
Valencia st.
FARMS AXD RANCHES TO LEASE.
HOUSE with large grounds for garden In or
as near city as possible. Address box 2065,
Call offlce, Oakland.
FLATS TO LET.
A SUNNY flat, partly furnished: 5 rooms. C
closets, bath and gas; reason. 223 Valencia.
, BEAVER, 22— Sunny flat of three rooms.
ELGIN PARK, 36. Thirteenth St.. above Va-
lencla — 1 sunny rooms; laundry; partly fur-
nished.
HARRISON, 1122B— €-room flat; modern Im-
provements; must be seen to be appreciated.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELU 10 Montgomery.
MODERN 4 rooms and bath; yard and cellar
312 Waller st. . '
NF.W flat, 5 rooms; modern improvements 42S
Eddy st.
NICE Sunny flat 4 rooms and bath. 1SH
Washington ave., bet. Ninth and Tenth, off
Mission.
6 SUNNY rooms, bath; 3676 Seventeenth «t
PATTERSON & CO., 11 City Hall square. '
3-ROOM Hat: large yard and stable; wagon
thed3. 2 Hay ward St.. oft Harrison.
$10 — UPPER fiat of 5 sunny, large rooms, base-
I mom and yard. 62 Boyce St., off Geary.
$15— LOWER bay-window flat. 5 large sunny
rooms. 30 Moss st.. oft Howard, nr. Seventh.
*7 — (-ROOM flats on Victor St., off Bryant bet
7th and 8th. Inquire at grocery, 941 Bryant.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States. po«tnnid. for $1 per year.
E H£ tAX T LlY f-mlshed flat to let; reasonable
2 Kappeler court, oft Mason st., near Post
¦ Apply Racine saloon. E01- Post at. i •
FUK.MTURE FOK SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished lr/oak TiTJoTwmT No~7
range. • King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FIVE rooms, complete; good bedding; hall and
stair carpet. 444 Jessie st.
FURNITURE WASTED.
I WOULD like to buy f urni tu re _nd~carpet^
from private parties; second-hand stores need
not answer. Box 759. Call.
CHAS. LETVY buys your furniture, carpets
¦ piano*, etc. 11S3 Market Bt. ; tel. Jessie 7&1.
TO receive highest value for furn.. carpets etc
see W. K. CODY. 757 Mission, tel. Red 3353 '
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent. 1305 Larkin: tel.Polk 631
furniture & fum'd houses bought; spot casii!
• HELP WANTED FEMALE.
"C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185"
.....HOTEL DEPARTMENT ...
6 waitresses, first-class city hotels $'O- wait*
ress, south, fare here; waitress, Bakersfleld
$20, fare here; waitress, Colusa, $20 fare
here; waitress, Stockton, $20; waitress. Sacra-
mento, $20: waitress. Gait; 4 chambermaids
to wait, $20; chambermaid. $18; woman, cook,
47ti«t^FAl-l£_*ilb_P^'raEN_^«^«^
German or SwetfUh girl, 2 in family, $30 see
party here; nur-^eglrl to assist light upstair-
work, $20, choice place ; housegirl on ranch
for small American family, $20, fare paid*
housegtrls, city, $20 and ?25; 2 nurseglrls, J13,'
, $18; and a great many others..... ...... .
. C. R. HANSEN & CO.... ....104 Geary st."
STRONG housework girl or woman; $20. 813
Mission St.; inquire to-day.'
GIRL for housework and sewing; small family;
sleep home. . 5T.0 Valencia st. : . ~ ¦> . ¦ "
WANTED— Young lady to train for nurse; hlsrh
school ¦ graduate. . Apply 11 to 12, 4 to 5, 1609
Jackson st. ' . *
OPERATORS on waists and wrappers. NEW-
BATJER BROS.. 18 First st. •,
COMPETENT stenographer with experience;
. give reference.' \ Box 702, Call offlce.
EXPERIENCED saleslady wanted for crock-
' cry and honsefurnlshlnsj goods; apply Monday
moraine, between 9:30 ' and 10:M. CHAS.
BROWN & SON., S07 Market st,
WANTED— Good girl or Japanese: two In fam-
ily; no washing; wages $10. MRS. PAYNE.
. • University . a.ve., . near Berkeley station.* ,/ ;_t
¦>•.¦¦ • - . -
HELP WASTED FEMALE.
> WANTED— A bright, energetic woman who has
had some experience In traveling. Box >. 734,
¦j Call offlce. \
. A- FIRST-CLASS hand • for children's lawn
hats, good wages; also sun bonnet operator?.
5 BAUEJt BROS. & CO.. 21 Sansome st.
. WANTED— First-class glove saleslady; state
experience, reference, salary. Apply at HALE
j BROS., Inc.. 979-9S7 Market 8t. t between S
< and 11 a. m., Monday.
• WANTED— Experienced salesladies In toy ba-
| zaar and dry goods department. Apply at
• HALE BROS.. Inc., 979-987 Market St., be-
tween the hours of 8. and 11. Monday morning.
• WANTED— A lady to assist In housework":
¦ good home, fair pay for right party. Call
• after 2 p. m. at 116 Taylor st.
WANTED— Saleslady for jewelry store: call at
; 10 a. m. Ealdwln Jewelry Co.. 846 Market st.
i GOOD waitress wanted. 134 Third at.
- McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
will fit you for a successful business life:
dressmaking thoroughly taught; artistic de-
1 signlns a specialty; millinery course unsur-
» passed; patterns cut. MCDOWELL'S. 1013 Mkt.
SEWING Machine operators wanted at Levl
: Stnu?a & Co.'s overall factory, 32ft Fremont
. st. Apply to MR. DAVIS.
: WANTED— Reliable Protestant girt for general
[ housework; •>-0; no washing. 1903 Broadway.
¦ GIRL for housework; family of 2; $10. Apply
J Sunday only. 264\fr Natoma st.
. 'WANTED— Experienced salesladies In toy, ba-
zaar and dry goods departments: also cash-
iers. Apply at HALE BROS.. Inc., 379-9S7
¦ Market st.
A LADY of Indomitable energy, possessed of
self-assertion; good opportunity to right par-
i ty. F. PERSON, room 412, Parrott building.
FINISHERS on custom coats. BELA3CO &
• HARRIS CO.. 641 Market st.
YOUXG girl to assist with housework. 713
Golden Oate ave.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
. received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore st.
; A BRANCH office for Call advertisements an-1
subscriptions has been- established at lost"
' Valencia st.
II— LP WASTED-MALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.^PhonTGranTlS:
EMPLOYMENT AGENTS
Wanted for Railroad Work
Drillers, muckers for the big tunnel. Chats-
fare, $2 a day; hammersmen and laborers,
lallroad work, free fare
MISCELLANEOUS
4 men to make Christmas wreaths. $2 to $2 50
a day; 50 tlemakers; 100 woodchoppers;
wagonmaker, S40 and found; harnesdmaker.
$30 and found
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
German chef, $100; head cook. $S0; two sec-
ond and two third cooks for railroad service,
$50 and $30; fryer. $C0; broiler. $oO; _a«cr.
country hotel, $40; neat young man to make
beds and do upstairs portering work, very
nice place, $25 and found; 10 French and Ital-
ian waiters, genteel, new place, $11 a week;
head waiter, $50 to $60; 4 colored waiters.
country hotel, $25
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary s_
A— MURRAY _ READY Phone Main 5S43
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT 7 A. M. MONDAY
150 men to cut 4-ft and stove wood and
make redwood ties, prices $1 to $3 per cord
for wood. 9c to 12c for ties; tools and provia-
sions furnished
farmers and wives ranch hand'
chore men; carriage painters; boys for fac-
tories: young man for country store.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A— MARRIEX> HELP BARTENDERS
bartender, country hotel. s£e boss here: cook*
and wives. $50; waiter and wife, mining
camp; 6 cooks, $30, $40 and $50; waiters,
country, $30; porter and tend bar, country.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
A — FIVE carpenters, C bricklayers. S laborers,
2 plumbers, 1 boss plumber, 3 cabinetmakers,
1 hardwood bench hand. Mechanics' Regis-
tration Bureau, 410 Kearny, r. 9; non-union
mechanics, please register; no office fees.
JOURNEYMEN Barbera* International Union
free emply. bureau; only recog. union barbers.
115 Turk St.; tel. Folsom 15S3. I. Less, Sect.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec.. 104 7^v; tel. Jessie 152.
' SALESMEN to Bell Imported and domestic
liquors, principally fine Kentucky whiskies
and blends, case and barrel gooda, to Job-
bers and saloon trade; good chance to the
right man; salary or commission. R. S.
STRADER & SON, 69 and 71 E. Water St..
Lexington, Ky.
WANTED— Salesman calling on country store
trade to sell our selected line of dry gooda on
commission, as a side line only, for spring
trade. FRANK L>. LA LANNE & CO..
Philadelphia, Pa.
INDUSTRIAL life insurance agents have a
fine opening for a live smart man; must be
a canvasser and debit builder. Apply 320
Case block. Petaluma. Cal.
WANTED— Sober man to tend bar in wine-
house; understands mixing drinks; married;
German or French speaking preferred. R. A.,
box 745, Call office.
MAN to permanently represent us, managing
local branch; salary $16 per week and ex-
penses. MFRS., 390 Caxton bldg.. Chicago.
WANTED— Solicitors; big money. CAL. EM-
PLOYMENT AGENCY, 59 Third St.
TWO first-class cabinet makers wanted at
WM. BATEMAN'S. S35 Folsom st
BOY for offlce; must know shorthand and type-
writer. Box 796, Call offlce.
BOY to work in a bake shop. 612 Kearny st.
INDUSTRIAL insurance agent for good debit.
Call REINDERS. Monday. 8-9 or 5-6, room
18, Donohoe building.
WAITER. 922 Battery St.
GOOD bufhelman for steady place; city; must
understand all kinds of tailoring. Address,
stating wages desired, box 790. Call offlce.
YOUNG man with experience for horseshoeing
and blacksmith shop. Box 764, Call offlce.
BAKER (union) wanted who can command
some trade; Btate wages. Box 799. Call.
WANTED — Man to help In kitchen meal hours
for board and room only. 496 Fouith st.
A— ERRAND boy wanted; well recommended,
ROGERSON'S, 535 Valencia St.
WANTED — Marker in a local laundry. Box
S932. Call offlce. "
WANTED— Assistant cutters. S. N. WOOD
& CO.
GENTLEMAN of Indomitable energy and
push; good opportunity to right man. F.
PERSON, room 412, Parrott building.
MECHANICS, engineers, electricians, firemen,
free scholarship in engineering will be, award-
ed a few well-recommended apdlcants. Am.
School of Correspondence. Boston. Mass.
ENERGETIC man to manage offlce In San
Francisco for large manufacturing house;
salary $125 per mo. & extra profits; must have
good reference & $1200 cash. Address C. K.
G., box 1151, Philadelphia. Pa.
GOVERNMENT positions— Don't prepare for
any civil service examination without seeing
our catalogue of Information; sent free.
Columbian Correspondence College, Washlng-
, ton, D. C.
WANTED — Carpenter for ship, Australian
trade, at HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
A BLACKSMITH'S helper at- O'Brien _ Son,
500 Golden Gate ave.
WANTED— Recruits for the Marine Corps, U.
P. Navy, able bodied unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over < feet
1 Inch in height; able to read, writs anl
speak English. For further information ap-
ply at the Marine Recruiting Ofllce, 40 Ellis
street. San Francisco. Cal.
WANTED— Competent No. 1 bricklayers In San
Francisco; wages S3 per day of 8 hours: on
December 22. 1900; write or telegraph. Box
752. Call offlce.
WANTED— Experienced ? salesmen In toy and
dry goods departments; also wrappers. Ap-
ply at HALE BROS.. Inc.. 979-987 Market st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25-3
. to 50c. 562 Mission. St.. bet. 1st and id st-i.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only eight
weeks required; position guaranteed; special
Inducements: catalogue free. MOLER'S
BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay St.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver ; House. 217 Third st.: 150 large
rooms; i5c per night; $1 to $- per week.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. S62 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
PENSIONS— J. H. Shepard & Co.. old reliable
firm. 806 Market, room .40. Phelan building.
MEN to learn barber trade. 741A Howard st.,
5 F. Barber School.
YOUNG man wanted to learn the barber trade:
eesy terms. 713 Mission st.
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms. 10c. 15c and
20c. Boston House. 930 Howard st.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S, it Steuart.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order, $1 per week, at
cash prices. , N..Y. Tailoring Co.. 115 Kearny.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms,- So night; reading-rooms; free
bus and taggaga to and from ferry.
_SG_R_iB__9l_H_a__KB_M_l_Mi___4i_E_HiH
IIEMOKKUOIDS.
A i_.T-5 a! " of p »e». P"e». Piles, PHe»; owloo
Fr_^?i nent ? un * atn on« business mea of 3aa
no _frJ_t. alone; m * n who can •>• »-terrtewed;
ene» ¦_££*_ ¦*»"•» or ointments; no Interfer--
ther Z2\ b ? sln « 9 during treatment. For tut^f
ther particulars add. Physician, box 1950. Calif
Etc— For Sale
_s.£-e_ sast
f, x? J" M8 *agon. cover, harness.
Polk m n? J^-l 1 deIlv *ry wagon; cheap. 1
out st.. or gy, san Bruno ave.
HOUSES TO LET.
.gw^g-J^JUMBSEX & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A x"s*^.v? 1 r*° ms - unfurnished, near Van
A M ?pp,'- : .'imishe.!. i',0: nice and good.
A. M. SPEiKj-^co^ 667 Market st.
H s^nf E T»° f - 7 rooms : v "ry reasonable. Inquire
_J?_L__!_!?iL_ t ___? Nlntt-
N _£f 01 *-^ convenience: pl-as-
ant surroundings. .rr.S Bryant ave.. nr. Ktti.
HOUSES _J£O_JlKT--.Ki;i-:viSHEP.
I§__5S3_ i?""*"*" p* rt r- e'*& antl y
furnished rnodrrn house, io rooms; 2S37 Jac_-
nuS n Dr., 1 ?" 1 ot admission apply to
Mon^orfery^"-' R ' al Est - te A « cnt - ™
HOtSESWA^XTED.
S J2,, 5 - ' u -7- isned housekeeping rooms: no chll-
dren. not over XO. Answer 3T.4 Sixteenth *t.
HYPXOT1SM.
PROP. RAYMONDTs^cnr^llable: teaches
nypnotlsm In five lessons for S3. 997 Market st.
INVALID CHAIKS AMV _ K1C * CLKS.
SOLD and rented; manfr. of the^a_eTtrtcycU
chair. EAMES Tricycle Co.. ;ioo Market »t-
LOST AXD FOOD.
LOST— Purse containing three $1'X> bills, near
Golden Gate Park. Finder w_ kindly re-
turn to St. Nicholas Hotel and receive re-
ward.
LOST— Friday evening In Western Addition.
English setter dog. white, with lemon col-
ored spots: liberal reward. 1.J3 O'Farrell »t-
LOST— From Sausalito, 8th inst., black and
white Llewellyn setter. Liberal reward if r«-
turned to 217 Mission st. WM. BORROWS.
LOST — Lady's rimless eyeglasses; gold chain
and pin. Reward at drug store, 1'ost and
Powell.
LOST— Open-face Elgin silver watch; leather
fob. E. D., 20 Collinswood St.; reward.
LOST— From Sausalito. 8th Inst.. black and
whit* Llewellyn setter. Liberal reward if re-
turned to 217 Mission St.; WM. BORROWE.
LOST— A paas book with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco In tha
name of LOUIS GRUND, So. 212-900. The
finder will please return to the banlt.
FOUND— Large mastiff pun. Owner can have
same by provln? ownership and paying
charges at 41 Turk st.
MATRI3IOXIAL.
ALL gentlemen wishing to marry wealthy send
10c for latest list. MRS. HERTZ. 706 Ellis .t.
MEDICAL.
MRsTdiT WYETH. '..'liable specialist; 25 yr_'
successful practice: guaranteed treatment at
ofnee, Ji; any ailment; homo for patients; con-
eult free. 942 Post St., bet. Hyde and Laritln.
MRS. DR. KOHL. »J7 Market -t. corner^
Sixth— Safe and reliable ladies' physician;
treatment. $5; positive cure guaranteed; whea
others fall consult, free. MRS. DR. KO_— .
DR. AND MRS. DAVIES. 1228 Market-Ladlen*
specialists; 32 years' practice: po_ltlve cur*
guaranteed: ladies treated can. return samo
day; HIN*DOO HERB home- cure; stampa dr.
DRS. GOODWIN. 10O7>4 Market, expert on dls-
eases of women: 13 years' practica In S. P., a
cure guaranteed; 15 at offlce; have cured thou-
sands of cases; unexcelled success: see free.
MRS. DR. KOH-, 927 Market St.. toreet
Blxth— Safe and reliable ladies' physician;
treatment. J3; positive cure (ruaranteed; when
others fall consult, free. MR3. PR. KOHL.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1035 Market— Ladles' spe-
clallst; safe and sure cure. IS: best care; low
fees; when all othert) fall consult free.
_ g
DR. "WISE, the ladles' specialist. 1113 Market st.
DR. POPPER, specialist for SI years for feroal«
troubles. 323 Kearny st. ; call and see me.
POSITIVE cure for rheumatism; formula «ent
upon receipt of JL Address box 727. Call.
DR. WISE, the ladies' rpeclallst. Ills Market
street^
MRS. DR. GWTER. ladies' specialist; home
for patients. 504 Eddy st.
DR. NO TOY KEE cures disease by herbs;
advice free. 704 Sacramento St.. near Kearny.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. IS pases, sent to any address tn the*
United States or Canada one year for Jl.
postage paid.
3IISCELLA.\EOl'S — FOR SAL...
BOILERS. Engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH _ WOLFMAN, 195-137 Fremont st. •
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters, A
linoleum, new and second-hand; w« always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
32 complete outfits on one floor, .ready made;
we can ship everything In 24 hours. J.
NOONAN, 1017, 1019. 1021. 1023 Mission St..
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
A NICE, present for a gentleman — A solid gold
locket set 'with large genuine diamond In star
setting: actual value 340. for only $2.">. At
UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
BUY a brand new typewriter for $5 down and
$3 per month; write for catalogue and price.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 4C9 California.
st.; rentals, new machines. J3 per month.
A— BUYS, sells or rents rear machinery, en
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 218 Spear St.
DIAMOND horseshoe scarfpln, pearl center, all
gems, cost $110. for $50; unredeemed pledge.
California Loan Office, 32 Stockton st.
A PAIR beautiful quartz sleeve buttons for $S:
cost orl_1nally $18. UNCLE HARRIS. 15
Grant ave.
THE sale of elegantly trimmed hats for $3 will
begin to-morrow. Monday, Dec. 17. MR3.>J.
COUGHLAN. 913 Market at.
A FIN_ pocket camera and light Rambler bi-
cycle chea^; suitable for Christmas* presents.
6_ Golden Gate ave.
PKRFECTLY new latest style sealskin Jacket;
worth $200; only $33. At UNCLE HARRIS*.
13 °rant ave.
A NEAT pair of diamond screw earrings for
$17 50; worth $35. Stockton-st. Loan Of_ca.
105 Stockton st.
ANGORA cats and kittens; prize stock; nice
Christmas present. 3313 Clay st. ; phone Stetn-
er 1S12. m
BABY cart, rubber tire, good condition; nearly
new. 213 Kearny st., room 10.
J6— SINGER family sewing machine for sale;
a bargain. 700 Eddy st.
QUAIL gun: high-grade Clabrough _amm««» .
less; fcalf price. 1096 Valencia st. __* J
FOK SALE— Small black horse, or exchar.jro VO
cow or chickens. 410 Maple st.
CANARIES; good singers; price $2 each. 323
Cumberland st.
BICYCLE, gent's; hiffh-s*rade; nearly new.
cheap. Box 798. Call.
FOR SALE— A cocker spaniel 4 months old. 724
Eddy st.
GOOD set drawing Instruments, squares, tri-
angles, board, etc.; cheap. S&H Market, r. 1.
A— 100-HORSEPOWER engine, boiler. two-drM
air compressors. JARDINE'S. 220 Fremont st.
AN aermotor windmill and 2 large tanks for
sale cheap. F. L. BABIX. 413 Kearny st.
BLUE gum piles for sale. Apply PAUL KEI-
SER. 19X Clay st.
49 H. P. COMPOUND steam engine, complete,
cheap. H. S. WHITE. 614-518-518 Mission »U
PORTABLE engines, boilers; iron and wood
plar.ers. lathes; 2d-hand. J. Burke, 139 Bealo.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROQH Mfg. Co.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern goods
bought, sold, e-changed. 109 Montgomery st.
10-TO.N* Fairbanks scale and fire and burglar
proof safe. -IS California st.
SAFES— New and second-band. THE HER.
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento ¦_
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand: ra a-lnx
j pictures. BULLARD A BRECK. 131 Post s *
i SAFES— New and second-hand; all sizes THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market St.. San Fran.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
| Call. 16 . pages, sent to any address in the.
Lnlted Stairs or Canada one year for 11.
! Twtag* raid.
j~ MISCEL1_A.XEOU9 WAXTS. ~
i LADIES' and gents' cast-oft clothing bought */
I sold. Sllverman. 984 Folaom; tel. Folsom lisny
KLEIN still pays best price for clothing, brie-
I a-brac and books. 109 Sixth st.: tel. Jessie 141-TIIE SAJS - -JfltANClSCO' CALL, -SUNDAY, DECEMBER 16, 1900.
I For Additional Classified Advertise^
I znents See Page Forty-Six.
45
MIXES AM) JII\I\G.
MINES AND MINING.
Stock of the Monteiuma Mining Company
(Washington) cCrrs a safe and profitable ln-
t'Hftrrscnt. The Montozunia Company owns and
controls eirfctcen valuable copJ'T properties In
the Cascade rang*, fifty miles from Tacoma.
The mines are permanent assure vein? and can '
be- worked chi«fly thrruifh «raina*re tunnels, j
thus dispensing with expensive machinery.
Tnere 1> ample supply of timber, coal, water
*nd lime. The ores ar? a'mple pyritic, easily
Sheltered and concentrated. The Montezuma
r^s 00 debts, no mortpfcees and its mana^e-
rr.«:t represents the highest character in the '
State of Washington. T/nfler the laws of that |
Etata th* stock is non-a*5essa.ble. Numerous j
— — 1
ftasayt show uniformly high percentages of
copper, with enough silver to pay for worfc-
inr. Ten assays give sverage values of $61 Zi
p#r tor.. Fire assays give average values
of K78L
Referring to tie h!ph percentages of copper
is th» northern dej>onits the San Francisco
Clironicle of I>^oeml«er K> pays editorially : "The •
f-.'.trh rerc«»:it8ge In oper of these northfrn '•
— * — — I
d.-^'Fits it what wtll attract the attention of !
t!:e tr.ir.in* world. It is nothing unusual for i
Th^m to run from 2i t.. 75 per cent of copper j
and what would be a pa vine volume per ton j
(f irold t*-M<5e*. if H were only free from the)
ei- station of the t>n.e metal. What thet-c '¦
i .eh percentfcjft* mean will We better under- 1
s-.wxj when It Is mH that the Calumet and !
ilf^la. raine of Michitrsa is paying dividend*. !
t*is year of t40.Oio.oon .,ut of a total produc- |
«i'-n of Itt'.OfiO.floo ohtalr.ed from ore earning!
« r,!y 4 per cent enpp. r. Some Lake Sus>erlor j
1 r~ has been worked profitably although con- J
taining only l.SS per cent opper. The Ana- ¦
C"n4a cf is paying its enormous div- j
iv»n«s out of ore carrying only 4.64 per cent
copper and a e:r.a'l quantity cf silver and gold \
extracted as by-prn<iucts in the reflnlr.gr of the
bace metal turned out of the smelters. Ari-
zona's famous Copper Queen mine yields S •
per cent ore and som» carrying only 2i± per •
cert baa r*en worked at & profit When the j
r!"«s wars eft* the gold dlsc.->veriej of Alaska i
¦ nd the development et the Territory's hleh- j
rra£e copper deposits is undertaken in real !
esrr.e«t the world will witness the making of]
fortunes from them mere fabulous In their '
FTTtlor.s than any yet made in the richm
Of the Territory"* gold fields,. ••
Wt-.at is true of the Alaska deposits is true j
In like degree of the copper deposits in the j
fafaie rar.ge, while the Monteruma has the j
a^verTage cf twir.g r.e»r the emelter.
ttaetezsaa stock (par value $1) may be had i
tintll January 1 at 5 cents cafh and < cents •
on Installments. It m>;st be remembered that !
thi» stock !• absolutely nfin-«sse««able. For i
further details f«<» our a<J\-erti!««»ment In the !
Christmas Post of December IS, or send to
OS fcr a cr^T of pro*i^ctus. Samples of the
dr- may also be seen In the office. AMERICAN
GUARANTY 4- TRUST CO., Pellinsr Agents.
••" Saf» rw>ros!t bafldlnc S«n Fnnrim"n.
1 j
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANT araouct on furniture, pianos, without re- I
inovs.1. or any ether good security; payable
back in Installments or as a whole; If you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay it and earn* the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity; see us
first: you will be waited upon quietly and
quickly. Call £S-€? Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market. !
AA— BEST rates and easiest termi.
Second Mortgages
Interest in KstsAes
Undivided Interest 1^ Kes.1 Estate
Financial problems cf a.i sorts and sizes
solved by HERMAN MTRPHY. €30 Market.
A— MONET to : *.:. 'at rates which people can
afiord to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
nrt borrow of your friends or you will lose
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied; no delay; no |
publicity. Rooms t and 10. S06 Market St. ,
ANT amount at C p-r ceot; 1st, 2d arid 3d mort- I
gages, undivided interest, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages end legacies bought; no o>- ¦
lay: get B7 terms before doing business else-
where. R McOOLGAN. 14 Montgomery, r. 3.
A.NV proposition, any amount; C per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
in estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgagee, lire insurance. Room It. first floor,
< hronlcle building. HALLORAN * OLFEN.
. . ' : ¦ . :. V reipeciabie, - private place to obtain
literal advance* on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. Hi Market
rt. ; tel. Miln 164*. Brar.ch 19 Third st.
A— tyo.OOC en city and country real estate and
e*tate«; chattel mortgages: notes and collat-
eral*. J BROWNSTONE. 11 Montgomery st.
ICG6T reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 SUtta;
MiJml pri-e for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANT amount, lowest rates, on furniture, etc.; j
0 rernovai. no commission; strictly oonfiden- •
tlal. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 881 Jones.
fjrr,/" 70 jr^ n on rPa i estate or for b-jllflinr: i
lew rat*. Horn* B!iJg. Co.. 272 SanFome. rm. !. j
'SIONEY joined on personal property or pianos
m-lthr.^T removal. 1167 Market, bet. 7th & fth.
CAPH kar.ed on salaries. New Tcrk plan.
THE TOT —LET CO.. 321 Parrott bldg.
f!r on furrlture and pianos; $15 up: no removal;
no comrr.i«g',T.; private. Room 81, € Eddy st.
MONET loaned salaried pecple without security.
HILL, rrr. u. M-rchants' Ex . 431 California, j
LOANS. 1st or M mtgs; city, country; %"% undl- !
vided lnta; estates. HARPER. 3*7 Parrctt bid.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co.. MS Parrott bulld-
lng; men can secure loans on personal note.
MONET to loan on furniture by private party;
low rate. »17 Market St.. room 1.
ON furniture and pianos: no removal: confiden-
tial; on diamonds, etc. 33 Taylor st.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without J
indorser. MORRELL. W> Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral or ln-
dorser. fi. F. Discount Agency. 1«3 Phelan bid.
MONEY WASTED.
tWO WANTED on mortgage at 7 per cent in-
terest, in advance; fine residence, near unl-
Vfrflty. Berkeley. Address R,. box .114. Call.
MCSICAL I.\STBl'ME.VTS.
VTE offer you rrf-tter bargains in pianos than
can he obtained elsewhere; « carl-«d of ele-
gant liEUir.ciJteiT at very low prk-es. Just re-
ceived: easy payments or cash, as you pre-
Jer. MAUVAIS. 7«O M» rk^fj;
OLTMPIA music boxes make splendid holiday
Rifts; we have them as low as $< and you can
select from a great number of styles and buy
for aimoet any price you de*ire; we give more
tune, trith each box than any house on th«
ccart: payments If y«u wish. MAUVAIS
MUSIC CO.. 7C» Market st.
IF you are looking for a really fine present
s»lect on* of our r**-ker & Son or Packard
pianos: they are eimply elegant and have
the finest tone and action imaclnahle; we
make this a personal Invitation for r you to
call and rnsi>ect our stock; we sell on ea*y
{¦ayments if you Wish. MAUVAIS. 763 Mar-
ket st.
ANT person having oae for • piano can be a»-
cotRmodated at Sherman. Clay & Co. s with
**»ie*t payments, lowest prices and most re-
liable makers to choose from. Each the best
cf their grade, from Steinway down. PriT-
iiege given to exchange medium and low-
priced pianos for a new Eteinway any l!m»
within three years from date of purchase.
Beautiful new uprights sold for $S cash anc
%6 per month. We offer to sell some good
pianos for $2, $4 and S3 per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAT A CO.. 6t*!nway dealers, eor-
rtr Kearny and Suttar sts., San Fraac!»co;
corner Broadway aad Thirteenth at. Oak-
i**4 MriMBHHil
.MIMCAL INSTRUMENTS.
'AS HOLIDAY GIFTS."
Emerson $S3
Pohmer 100
Fisher 150
Chlckerir-g '. 1*5
Suinway , 1S3
3 new Haynee .-. $235 up
Heine and Hallet & Davi*' grands. *323 to
$975: new piano*. $149. Can be exchanged any
time in 5 years; $6 down, $6 per month; rent
allowed; n;>en evenings.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary st
A— BTRON MA17.YS.
Holiday Bargains in Slightly Used Pianos.
Bohmer, ntarly new $»V)
Byron Mauzy. nearly new MO
Decker & Son. walnut case 225
Steinway & Sons ISO
Weber 125
Bord CO
308-310-312 Post St., opp. Union Square.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest houoe
west of Chicago is KOHLER * CHASE'S. 26.
2S and SO O'Farrell Bt. : pianos, organs and-
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy th*
customer.
BARGAINS, pianos on Ftorage almost given
away; also car fine new ptanos stored from
factory; must b»> sold at once to realize stor-
age and freight; Installments; open evenings.
WILSON'S STORAGE CO. 1710 Market St.
A BIG vaie of ptanos now going on; all pianos I
at reduce! prices; fine large one. $155; num-
ber on time limited: ap^ncy Chlckering. Ma-
son & Hamlln, Vose. Sterling, etc. BENJ.
CVRTAZ & PON. IS O'Faj-reU St.; open even-
ing*.
$150 FOR beautiful upright piano; 3 pelals: !
standard make; or rent for $2 DO month. 34 J
Kearny Ft. |
ALMOST new upright Steinway &- Schmer sac- 1
rlflced; great bargains this month. BRUENN. \
2CS Post St.
LARGE S-pedal upright piano. u*ed 6 months: '
. leaving oily. 419 Van Ness aye., nr. McAUts- !
ter et.
A NICE upright piano. %V>. ¦ Room 12, Flood '
bul'.dlng; cp*n evenings. |
THREE-PEDAL upright: nearly new; bargain. |
. owner leaving city. 2233 Mission *t.
A MANDOLIN, banjo or guitar a nice <"hrtst- j
rcas gift. Graeber sells good ones; €34 Post.
GREAT many bargains in 2nd-hand uprights:
eirtall installments. Hornung. 21« McAllister.
HIGH-GRADE planns; Pteck. Hardman. Con- j
over & othtrs. W. B. AIDES' & CO.. 314 Test. !
AT KEEFFE'S. 933 Market ft.. 4 elegant up-
rights at your own price. Shonlns»r ap—ncy.
PFRT rent stock In city: new piano*. $3 per
rrorth. PCOTT-CURTAZ. £60 Hayes st.
FfPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MVLLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
BARGAIN— M'Jst be sold: nice upright piano.
SCHMITZ. U McAllister St.. nen Hlb. Hank.
OFFICES AND STORKS TO 1ET.
A— MARKET-ST. store; J frontages; 25x175
fpet: with concrete basement ; No. 1132 Mar- !
ket s=t. : at reasonable rent to responsible ten- i
ant. A[.r!y A. M. SPECK * CO.. 667 Market, j
A — 410 KEARNY— Sunny office!", en Kuite or sin- j
gle. $* 'ipward; gas; heat and Janitor service ;
Included.
OIL.
A NEW company Just organizing to develop t<l
acres of the best proven oil land in a live and 1
pur» district: absolutely certain: you can't
mlBs it: oil all around it: all you have to «lo !
l!> to drill and get it; two-tenth? of lncorpora- ,
tors' interest to be had at Inside flrure If i
applied for Immediately: we incorporate this \
week; "you'll have to hurry"; why pay 25c j
to 50c r»er share for treasury stock in uncer- j
tain company and wait six months or a I
year tr> double 1?) your money when you can j
'•go In on the ground floor" and in !*) days sell j
out at 4 f >c t»"> SOc. making 1000 per c^nt profit?
Will bear the strictest investigation. Ad-
dress for two days. P. T.. box 7*5. Call.
ASF-HALT fcr sale; quantities to suit: win '
contract delivery: our oil stock advances to 3c
share Dec. 20. JT'ANITA OIL CO.. 500 Mont-
gomery st. : agents wanted on commission.
AA-LION oil stock; will sell 5000 shares at 35 j
cfnts share if sold by noon Monday. MAN-
HATTAX LOAN CO.. 77 Crocker building.
CHOICE oil stock of rising value in the Me- J
Kittrick district for sale. DR. HERBERT
REEVE. 264 K<-arny st.
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ. 330 Pine street.
MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Country correspondent-- solicited. j
' = I
OIL LA\DS FOR SALE.
K.ERN River Oil Lands— Proven territory In
the well-known tract of "Grace Oil Co." for
sate; also other oli land for sale or lease; most
wonderful oil field known; over 530 feet of oil
eand; buy from owners and save commissions: j
have been in field from start; will give you 1
facts concerning any locality. NEWTON.
CARMAN & SOMES, 101 Chronicle bldg., San
Francisco; 41C Douglas Block, Los Angeles; j
Southern Hotel. Bakersfleld. I
OIL lands In the celebrated IVvll'i Den Dls- ;
trict. Kern County, for sale at only J10, if
taktrn at once; oil on every side: lands ad- i
joining this selling at three times the price.
For rartlcuiars address ALDEN CO.. 111?
Broadway. Oakland.
ANT portion N. H sec. 11. T. SI 9.. R. H E.. |
MoKittrick. at $35 per acre; 10 days only. F. |
R. GRANNIS. 605 Market st.
PATENTS AND PENSIONS
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful.
GEO. P. CAMPBELL. Lawyer. Examiner big.
PERSOSALS.
OWEN McCABE. importer, dealer in feathen;
hair mattress and pillow manufactory; old
feathers re&ovated and purified; all feathers
sold warranted well dressed with my patent
¦team renovator. 870 Mission, tel. Jessie 1114.
A REFINED, respectable, good-looking young
laJy of nv»an« desires to meet gentleman In ;
same circunu-Lanoes. of education and good
character. £> to 45 years: object matrimony.
liux 7S7. Call.
LADY with limited means would like gentle-
man acquaintance; object nmtrimony. Box
772, Call.
GENTLEMAN wi«hes the acquaintance of
young lady age 26 to 3<! with about $1000; ob-
ject, matrimony. Address box 7*3. Call office.
YOUNG business man with some means wishes
to meet young business woman similarly sit-
uated, matrimnnialy Inclined; must be Pro-
t» slant. Hex 7&3. Call office.
THE Star Hair Remedy Is the only preparation
that will restore gray and faded hair to nat-
ural color and at the same time cure dandruff
and eczema of the scalp, stop falling and
(rrow neir hair; therefore the bem and the
cheapest; sold by druggists and hairdressers.
WANTEB—BriRh! beginner, willing to pay
reasonable price for dramatic instruction, can
have Immediate position. Box 777. Call.
LADIES— Bust enlarged € Inches: failure lm-
poeelble; $lvO guarantee: proof free. Leonard
Medicine Co., Kansas City. Kans. .
GENTLEMAN of 40 would like to meet lady
under 30; object matrimony. Box 7S3, Call.
AMBITIOUS young man going to Manila wants
to earn his passage. How? Box 236, Call.
TO 'WHOM IT MAY~CONCERN:
I had paralysis and spinal trouble In its worst
foi-m, but after treating with Mme. Ada six
weeks gained 17 pounds and am nearly well.
I also had a bunch on my right eye, and both
beinif bloodshot and very weak. The bunch
has entirely gone and both eyes nearly well
and stronger than they have been since I wag
a boy. E. Arnold. Address at MME. ADA'rs
office. 11C4 Market St.. rooms 3 and 4.
TTPEWP.ITINQ. 5 cents folio; account books
balanced: annual statements prepared. 220
Pansome n., room 25.
GRAY, falling hair, scabby, scaly eruptions!
Send stamp for symptoms; remedies sent:
home treatment: taking case means cure;
this your guarantee. DR. KUESTER, 1152
Franklin St., Oakland; established 1866.
RAO carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenllle-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
CANCER cured at home by Internal treatment;
no knife, plaster , or pain; book and testi-
monials mailed free. Cancer Institute. 121
West Fcrty-second 6t.. N. T.
PICTVRES and picture frames of all descrip-
tions made to order; portraits enlarged; we
60 all kin -is of framing. California Frame Co.,
90S Howard; open evenings; tel. Howard 1073.
A removal sale; a nice cup and saucer free to
every one buying $1 or more worth of poods.
MIKOSHI TRADING CO.. 3»-328 McAllister.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 16
years' experience. J. B. RAT, 357 Jessie st.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOW8, tel. South 7*2.
trade to order, renovated; honest work guar-
anteed; feathers and hair cleansed; fine uphol-
rtery; goods carefully packed for shipment or
storage. HOPKE BROS.. 318 and 330 11th st.
ELECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms;
Kc to $1 JO per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
HAIR positively grown on bald beads by purely
vegetable compound; absolute proof. Call or
address DR. O. 8. MOORE. 4S3 Geary st.. 8. F.
SUITS to order on installments; $15 upward; $1
a week. LEON LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. be-
tween Sevenoth and Eighth.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 15. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. UlC-lSll Stockton St.. near Broadway.
FINE suits. $10; dress pants.' $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 437 Montgomery »L
PKRSO.YALS.
A-JS BO DERBY and Fedora hats, fl 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st, near Pine.
FIGER'S sweepers are the best and cheapest:
all kinds repaired and for sale. 342 Sutter st
DANICHEFF sell holiday glove orders, good for'
gloves ready-made or to order. 121 Grant ave.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt
ELECTROLYSIS destroys superfluous hair and
moles: trial free. MISS EATON, 1119 Sutter.
DR. LAMOTTE"S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; 25c; all druggists.
Sl*ITS to order on easy payments. Art Tallor-
Ing Co.. 1644 Mkt. under St. Nicholas Hotel.
OLD urold, sliver, diamonds and precious stones
bought J. R. JENKEL, S17 Market st
ALFREDCMS Ecyptian Henna: restores gray
hair to Its natural color: $1: at all druggists.
PALMISTRY.
H. JEROME FOSSELLI. scientific palmist. 515
Taylor st.. bet. Geary and Post: tel. Hla.-k Efit.
PHYSICIANSj AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C O'DONNELL-Offlce and residence'
KriU Market st.. between Sixth and Seventh.
CANCERS and tumors cured without surgical
operation. DR. J. H. REEVE. 2«V4 Kearny.
PROPERTY WANTED. '
RANCH wanted on shares by reliable compe-
tent man. Box 774, Call office.
RKAL ESTATF CI'iY — FOU SALE.
REAL ESTATE BARGAINS.
A. M BPECK & CO.
HARD TO BEAT HARD TO BEAT
PRICES WILL SrUEI.Y ADVANCE.
tsso.
Five flats: r<rits, $3: all rented; near 9th St.
$36f.U
Four fiats; r»nts. $4S; downtown.
$6W!0.
Three Choice fiats, near Post and Taylor sts. ;
piys 10 p«-r cent; 27 feel front; offer wanted.
J7500.
Flats; brand new; ea«t of Van Ness ave.;
rents, $72.
$13,r50-RKr>UeED FROM $18,500.
Business property: tame tenants- for years:
store and rooming-house.
$1650— REDUCED FROM $2250.
Splendid 2-e=tory 7-rooni house,- with stable;
sightly location; one-third cash.
|73<M INVESTED
Will yield $102 rent monthly above taxes; brand-
new Improvements.
$13,000.
Pin* st ; "f>-foot front; not far from Jones;
rents $140.
$75,000-REI)t:CED FROM $S!,000.
Choice corner lot. "j-foot front; within half
; a block of Market st.: with old Improvements;
: rents about *4uO: the only corner that can be
bought vleinity of Sixth st.
! $52, 50>- REDUCED FROM $60,000.
Grand investment; 100- foot front on Ellis st;
with improvements: nicer and better than Pal-
ace Hotel; rents about $5000; terms, naif cash.
$8000.
Rents $100; KO feet front; near Taylor st;
1 no chance like It.
$20,000.
I Sutter-st. corner: S7:6x87:6; elegant Improve-
ments: rents HSoO per annum.
$^.000.
Forty-four feet front; vicinity of Tivoll; old
Improvements; rents, $200; block from Market;
v.ill double surely In 10 years.
$100,000.
Grand corner, new improvements; under t
yt-ars' lease (guarantee); pays 9V4per cent.
$100,000.
! Market ft., near Call; one tenant; pays well.
$1SM>.000— REDUCED FROM $225,000.
t Market st. : 100- foot front; nur Palace Hotel;
' pays 5 p»r cent.
! A. M. SPECK & CO., 6«7 Market st
; VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO. (Inc.).
513 CALIFORNIA ST.
; IMPROVED.
j $200fr— Corner on Montgomery ave.; stores and
j lodging-house: rents $176 50.
$12,600— Union st., near Taylor; 3 modern flats
and rear house: 25:9xl2S:9; rents $97.
$12.000— Corner Bueh and Hyde; 25x57:6; store
and 2 flats; rents $70 50.
; $10,000— Stockton st.. near Sacramento; 40x
I l?7:0, with L 26:3x5") on Prospect place; old 1m-
1 jirovements; rent $25.
I $10.00f>— Twelfth St., near Howard; CSxl45; 10-
1 room dwelling.
! $CS0O— Hayes St., near Buchanan; 25x120 to
! rear street; house of 9 rooms.
j $6000— Lombard st., near Dupont; 40x90 to
I rear street; 4 flats; rents $56.
' $5250— California St., near Baker; 25:8x62:6; 8
flats; rents $42 60.
$5600— Green st., near Dupont; 18:6x80; 3 bay-
window flats; rents $35.
$4",fiO — Kearny st.. near Union; 20xS0 to rear
street; 2 houses; rente J3S 2iL
UNIMPROVED.
I Corner Golden Gate ave. and Leavenworth;
137:6x137:6.
$12,500— Corner Clay st. and Central ave.: S8:S
; X130; will subdivide'.
$7000 — Cor. Guerrero and Fourteenth: 6SxSS.
$7000 — Valencia st., near Twenty-sixth: 60xW.
J3S<H)— Fulton st, near Fillmore; 32:6x137:8. '
$300ft— Laguna st, near Page; 25x100.
$2750 each— Post St.. near Devisadero; 2 lots.
$2000— Waller st.. near Stanyan: 25x100.
$m«0 — Bryant St.. near Twenty-third; 26x100.
1 $1750 — Corner Castro and Alvaiado; 26:6x106.
¦ $1600— Sutter st, near Lyon; 35:3x100.
I $1000— Fifteenth et, near. Castro; 2SxlO3:4Vj.
! T. P. RIORDAN, REAL ESTATE AGENT.
832 Market St., Room 2.
$3,500— €0x137:6; west side of Lurkin St., near
Union; with Improvements; street bltu-
minlzed; grand view; must be sold;
: make offer.
] $36,000 — Fine lar^e corner, fronting three streets,
with Improvements; near City Hall; fine
Investment; part cash, balance on 6 per
cent mortgage. -
113.100 — 80x75 feet: tine improved corner; south
of Market st., with fine improvements;
always rented: $1275 yearly; bargain.
$6,000—25x80 feet; north side of Minna st., bet.
5th and 6th. with good lmpts.; rents $C7;
this is a (rood speculation.
$15,000 — Beautiful corner residence of 16 rooms
and all modern Improvements; fine lo-
cation; best bargain offered in the city.
$25,000— Fine Investment on Mason, st, near
O'Farrell: fine improvements.
$57.500 — Fine improved business corner, paying
near $500. j
I have several fine corners south of
Market st. ; good Investments; paying
well: great bargains.
$12,500—55x120; Bush st., near Polk: with good
Improvements; must be sold; bargain.
Call and see me If you want to sell or buy.
T. P. RIORDAN, 632 Market st.
i HAWKS & SKELTON.
I Rents Collected and Entire Charge Taken of
Property.
: $40,000- Choice Investment; Sutter st, near
Montgomery; central, safe: pays over 5
per cent net: make an offer.
I $5,500 — Lot S\V. cor. Grove and Devisadero sta.;
34x110; on main drive to Park.
$i,25O— Lot w. Devisadero; 26x110; adjoining
above lot.
$2,600— Lot S. Grove; 27x112; adjoining above
: lots.
I $3.500 — Corner lot; Hyde and Francisco; secure
J $1,925 view of bay; improving location; will
; $1,750 subdivide; 15 minutes-from Market st.
$1.200— Lot Stockton, near Chestnut; 22x65;
flats on it would pay well.
31.350— Lot Chestnut, near Stockton; street ac-
; cepted; make offer.
I $i,000— Scott, near Washington: facing pretty
; park: choice neighborhood; elegant
¦ home; 8 rooms. \
$5,500— Nice home; Octavla »t, near Broad-
; way; 8 rooms, etc.; good neighborhood.
I HAWKS & SKELTON. 323 Montgomery st.
THE Best Investment in California.
• The Best Investment in California.
$128 — $5 monthly, $10 down.
j $125— $5 monthly. $10 down.
¦ Level Lots. Streets Graded.
I The New Terminal City Santa Fe,
! At Point Richmond.
Terminus Santa Fe Railroad.
McEWEN BROS., 118 Montgomery st,
Sole Agents.
i BUNSET HEIGHTS INSTALLMENT LOTS.
[ 10 per cent cash. $15 per month, Interest 7 per
t cent; choice Park lots ready to build on;
, Seventh ave., K st. Boulevard and Eighth
ave.; within 6 minutes' walk from the music
stand; prices ranging from $600 upward; poa-
1 ge&tiion given t-o that home can be built im-
mediately. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Mont-
gomerr st.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
CAN YOU BPARK $S OR $10 A MONTH?
SELECT A GOOD LOT FROM US AT A
BARGAIN. .
$500 to $*S0»— Incomparable Sunset Iota; gTadftd.
$C00 to $S50-*Cholcest Richmond lot*; $10
monthly.
$75 to OOO— Ocean Boulevard ?ota; W monthly.
$100 to $150— Level lots near Mission electric
cars; $5 monthly.
$S00 to $1000— Splendid cottage* near cars; In-
stallments Ilk* rent
Branch office. Ninth ave., near H st Open
every day and Sunday.
SOL GETZ * BROTHER,
ROOM 64, CHRONICLE BUILDING.
C C. BEMIS, Real Estate and General Land
Agent, 324 Montgomery st
Make offer— Northeast corner Twenty-seventh
and Douglass sts.; must be sold; g0xll4 feet
$1600 — North line Carl st., near Stanyan; 2Sx
137:8 feet ¦ . . ¦
$3600— PAYS 1 ptr cent p«r month: 2 fine mod-
ern flats, 10 months*, old; sunny; key lot:
rented since built; near Presidio. SCOTT &
HARRIS. 20 Post st.
IF you have property north of the Park and
you wish to sell quickly, then call on W. J.
OUNN. 5S0 California st. - .
MODERN houses built; lowest prices; plans and
estimates furnished. Campbell. 1147 Mission.
REAL ESTATE— -CITY— FOR , SALE.
G. H. UlfBSEN & CO..
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
14 MONTGOMERY ST.
$18,000— Rents $1S«O per annum; corner 106xHK>
ft., near Eleventh and Market sts.. 8
houses of 9 rooms and bath each.
$15,500— Rents $130 per month; near Franklin
and Ellis sts., 3 nice new flats of 7. 7
and S rooms and bath, each; lot 25x100.
112,000— Rents $1050 per annum; park flats, 3
. elegant new modern fiats facing the
panhandle, on Fell St.; lot 25x137:6.
$12,500— Rents »ati.;o per month; fine business
property on Mission st., near the
Postofnce, nearly new; lot 25x85 ft., .
J12.000— Fine corner occupied as a grocery, In
a good neighborhood, store and 4
rooms and upper flat of 7 rooms and
bath; portion of lot vacant, which can
be improved with advantage with
email stores; mortgage of $7000 can re-
main, if desired; lot 51x100.
$12,000— Rents $115 per month; 3 choice, cozy
bay window flats on the sunny side of
Sutler St.. containing 6 rooms and
bath each; property in excellent or-
der; lot 25x112:6.
$10,000— Kents $900 per annum: Ellis St.. 3
elegant new bay window flats of 7
room* and bath each; 25x120 to rear
street. . ¦
$8,000— Nice corner residence, Western Ad-
tlon, nicely situated home, fine
view, containing: 9 rooms and bath,
bay windows, brick foundation, orig-
inal cost of Improvements and lot
$14,000, house 7 years old; lot 27:8Vi
xllO.
$$,©00— Rents $792 per annum; 2 cozy bay win-
dow houses of 7 rooms and bath each.
Devisadero St.. close to California St.,
must be sold to close an estate.
18,000— Mutst be told; 2 nice Hats of 7 and 8
rooms and bath each, on Hyde St.,
close to Sutter St.. renting low to per-
manent tenants at $60 per month; lot
25 ft. front.
,$6,000— Bay window residence of 9 rooms and
bath; sunny side of Page st. ; lot 25
xll2.
$G,2T." — Rents $792 per annum; price greatly
reduced to clone the estate, near Sixth
and Harrison sts., 7 flats and lot 50x
80; thW is a bargain, and no reason-
able offer refused.
$4,000 — Kents $624 per annum; 6 tenements
and lot iOxSO ft., near Sixth and Bran-
nan sts.
$3,500— Rents $32 per month; 2 sunny flats of
4 and 5 rooms and bath each, on Guer-
rero »t., close to Twenty-second at.;
this property is in the warm belt of
the Mission, one-half block from
Twenty-second st. electric cars ani
Guerrero st. electric cars pass the
door.
$3,600 — Rents $32 per month; must be sold
"by order of bank: 2 flats of 5 and fi
rooms and bath each; and cottage on
rear street of 6 rooms and bath: lot
37:6x120; Greenwich st.. close to Fill-
more st. ; a reasonable otter will be
entertained.
$3.200 — Cozy home of 9 rooms and bath, on
Larkln St.. near Greenwich st.; bay
windows, etc.; fine marine views; lot
25x105.
$2,900— Rents $32 per month; near Seventh
and Bryant ets., 4 tenements of 3
rooms each: lot 24x90.
*2,50O— Neat, cozy cottage of 7 rooms and
batb, near Geary and Boyce sts.; lot
25x120; make an offer; must be sold.
$2,000 — Foreclosure sale; fine large corner in
the Mission with modern cottage of
4 rooms; lot 126x126; fine chance for
an expressman; we can arrange
terms. ,
New Pocket Map of San Francisco County,
26 cents.
Choice list of building lots In every part of
the city at prices to suit.
Call and obtain one of our "Real FJetate
Records," which contain a list of properties
for sale in all parts of the city.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
14 Montgomery st.
BOVEE. TOY & SONNTAG,
REAL, ESTATE AGENTS.
HOUSES RENTED, RENTS COLLECTED
AND FULL CHARGE TAKEN'
OF PROPERTY.
824 MARKET ST.
?46,0O0— O'Farrell »t., near Stockton; lot 25
x&7:6; well Improved; well rented; this is a
choice piece of property.
$41,000— Mission st.. near Fifth; lot 67:8x120
$3o', Oilft— Beale St., near Mission; lot 4S:10x
137:6 feet; with old Improvements.
$25,000— Steuart St., near Market; lot 36x137:6
feet; ready to build on; could be leased to pay
g-ood Income if purchaser will" build.
$20,000— Southeast corner Larkln st. and
Broadway; 137:6x137:6 feet; with 2 flats and cot-
tage and residence renting for $108 per month;
one-third of the lot is unimproved; this > is a
large piece of property at a bargain. \
$15,500 — Mission St., near Second; lot 25x78
feet; with old Improvements; this is a choice
piece of property and is offered at a bargain.
$H.000— Downtown corner on Post St.; lot 20x
60 feet; good improvements; rents at $50 per
month and can be Improved and rents much
Increased.
$10.000— Three beautiful new strictly modern
flats on Webster st.; marble steps; tiled vesti-
bule; rents $90 p«-r month.
$7500— Modern and attractive Western Addi-
tion residence; fine location.
J7i r .O — BuginesH property on Mint ave. and
Fifth st.; lot 25x75 feet; well rented; good Im-
provements.
$S500 — Broadway, near Octavla st. ; north side;
lot 27x137:6 feet.
$3250— California St.: down town lot; 23x80
feet; rents $50 per month.
$2400— Lot 22x75 feet; 2 flats renting for $22
per month; Elliott Park, near.Stelner st.
$2000 — Union t«t.. near Polk; lots 25x100 feet.
(600 — Ix>t on Noe St., near Valley; 25x115 feet;
Bold at this price to make quick sale.
Further particulars of BOVEE, TOY &
SONNTAG.
O. D. BALI>\VIN * SON.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
22 Montgomery street.
$65, 000— Rents $5000 per annum; NW. corner
of 4th and Howard. 48:6xSl; six stores and
lodging:- house; fine 3-story and basement build-
lns; very choice Investment.
$30,000— Rents $250' per month; large corner,
114x75; elegant new Improvements, which cost
$30 (M to build: line location.
$14 i 0Oiv-Rents $135 per month; 3 new stylish
flats: superb location; marine view.
$30,000— Rents $2CH>; O'Farrell St., not far
from Market; nearly new 4-story and basement
building. '
$37.5<«j— Rents $252 per month: 47:6x137:6; fine
3-story building; Geary st.. Inside Larkln.
$12,500— Lea venworth, near O'Farrell; rents $92
per month; 30:9x137:8; good improvements; al-
ways rented.
$5000— Rents $32 per month; corner, on Clay
St.. inside of Powell; 3-story brick building.
$3750— Baker St., near Clay; house of 9 rooms
and porcelain bath; lot 25:6x106; a bargain.
$6000— Corner on First St., 50x75, between Fol-
som and Harrison: great place for flats.
$S000 — Fine unobstructed marine . view; lot
north line of Broadway, near Steiner; 30x137:6.
$23,000— McAllister st., near Laguna, S2:6xl20
to rear street; present rents $131 per month;
only one-half improved.
$150 per front foot — Pacific ave.. near Baker;
fine marine view; any sire lot at this price.
$32,000— Rents $220 per month; 62:6xS7:6; store
and flats: corner on O'Farrell; fine Improve-
ments.
$21.<vv~-n<»ntfi $2160 per annum; O'Farrell st..
Inside property: new building; up-to-date.
$41C0— Reduced from $4500; California St..
sunny side, east of Baker; 32:6x77:6; 2-story
house of 6 rooms; fine location for flats.
WESTERN ADDITION HOME. '
A house of 12 rooms on Laguna st ; on Pacific
Heights; lot 27:6x107 feet; It must be sold; re-
duced to $10,000. »
RENTS $52 5O-PRICE $5000.
Two fine new flats in the Panhandle District:
all latest modern Improvements; a good Invest-
ment. This property must be sold.
A beautiful corner lot on Pacific ave., on the
Heights; marine and city view; 45x100 feet; will
I Reduced to $4000— Good home of 7 rooms and
bath; on Steiner st, near O'Farrell; owner
anxious to sell. '
$60 per foot; any size lot on Clay st., Presidio
Heights; all ready to build on. . •
$2400— A pretty Mission home, I rooms and
bath; wide lot.
$12,000—4 new modern flats, near Park; rented
for $112 50 monthly.
Only $1250— Cottage of 5 rooms, on Noa st;
lot 2S:6xlO5.
i A cozy home on Webster st, near California;
7 rooms and bath: only $r*00.
LOTS LOTS LOTS.
In Pacific and Presidio Heights, Pacific ave.,
Devisadero, Vallejo, Clay sts., etc.; all sires
and prices.
Ban Mateo homes for city people.
MeAFEE BROTHERS, 108 Montgomery St.
FOR SALE OR FOR RENT.
New 6-room house on Hoffman ave., near
Elizabeth St.: cheao.
Also new 4-room house on Hoffman ave.
Also new 3-room house on Prentiss st.
Agent on premises.
JACOB 'HEYM AN, 117 Sutter st
UNIMPROVED lots in different parts of the
city. JACOB HEYMAN, 117 Sutter st
A BARGAIN.
ELMHURST STATION.
ALVIN TRACT.
New 4-room house and bath, including 3 lots,
75x125, fronting R. R. station, for $650: $50 down
and $5 monthly; 45 minutes' ride from S. F.
JACOB HEYMAN. 117 Sutter st
H» B. POEHLMAN. REAL ESTATE AGENT.
316 MONTGOMERY ST.
$5750— Fine home, cheap: 9 rooms: well rented;
Washington Bt; lot 25:3x102; s*e it.
$3750 — Rents $518 yearly; near Eleventh and
Howard; sacrifice;, don't miss this bargain. .
$2275— Rents $311 yearly; near Sutter and Tay-
lor: this pays big and Is growing in value.
$S75— Twenty-first ave., near A it; 50x120;
bcund to rise.
J145O— Clement* st- ; corner, lot: ready to build
on ; part cash. < ¦ -.* . . • ,¦ . ' . : •
H. E. POEHLMAN. 316 Montgomery st
HAIGHT st— New. and modern residence of 14
rooms and 2 baths: handsomely finished; very
eunny and overlooking - Park Panhandle; 1 lot
47:6xll2:«; bar.k ! mortgage of $9000 at 6 per
cent can remain: must be w>ld. For further
particulars apply to G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
; 414 .Montgomery st 7
BHOTWELL and Army sts.; 43x116 and 60 feet
wide In rear. Apply on premises.
REAL. ESTATE— CITY— FOR SALE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
• , 10 Montgomery St.
$4750 Rents $42
Two flats on Tenth Et.. near Folsom; stable
for six horses; lot 2-^x100.
- . BALDWIN A HOWELL.
$6000 Rents $62 50
Larkln st. ; 8 substantial flats of & and 6
rooms and bath each; a safe, sure investment.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
$7000 Rents $744 a year
Fulton-st- investment; short distance from
City Hall, 2 houses of C rooms and bath each;
3 flats on Ash ave., in rear; lot 27:6x120.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
$11.000 Sutter-st. flats
On north side of street, well located, very
substantially built, 2 modem flats of 7 and 9
rooms and bath each; lot 27:3x137:6.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
$32,500 Opposite New City Hall
.. McAllister St.. near Hyde. 2 substantial
residences; lot 50xS7:tf; will increase In value.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
$18.000.'. Pays 8»4 per cent
Turk st.. short distance from Market, large
lot, 6CxS5; substantial improvements, all
rented; splendid Improving location.
* BALDWIN & HOWELL.
$4300 Rents $45 per month
O'Farrell St.; must be sold: lot 45x80; 3
houses, all rented.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
$2000 Rents $20
Treat ave., near Kolsom and Thirteenth
sta., two flats; lot 2S:7',^x75.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
$C75O Rents $32 50
South Park, near Third St.: three-story
brick buildinir of 10 rooms, bath, etc: must
be sohl to dose an estate.
BALDWIN * HOWELL.
$4750... Rents $450
Make an pfter; Brannan st.. near Third:
large lot. 3?:t!xl37:6; four separate flats; must
be sold; a bargain.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
CREAM OF PARK 1XTTS.
Opposite new I'ark entrance
....Rare chanc«- for home builder* and in-....
. . vestment seekers
....Choicest building lots on very easy pay-..
..ments; on the H-st. electric cars and..
..fronting: Uolileti Gate Park and the new..
*.. Nineteenth-ave. boulevard;' • lots and..
..streets on official grade; macadamized
....Plank sidewalks, gas and water service...
....Low prices; bound to Increase In value....
..Your own terms: Interest only 8 per cent..
..Money advanced for building purposes; the..
..ccstliest and handsomest modern houses In..
..Sunset district are now being occupied and..
..constructed on the new Nineteenth-ave..
..boulevard. Call at once at our branch..
..office (open week days, Sundays and holt-..
..days), corner of H st. and Ninth ave....
..south of Golden Gate Park, and ask to be..
..shown these beautiful lots. Full partial-..
..lars and price lists also at our office
BALDWIN A HOWELL....
LTON & HOAO.
114 Montgomery street.
NEW CORNER FLATS.
$4250— $300 cash; balance monthly; No* St., on«
block from Castro-et. cars; up to date
In every respect.
TWENTY-FOURTH, NEAR MISSION.
$2350— A great bargain; cottage 5 rooms and
bath: lot 30x100.
A CHARMING HOME SACRIFICED.
S4.00&— $S0O cash; balance to suit: splendid !-
etory house; contains 8 large sunny
rooms, bath, etc. ; located close to Cas-
tro and Nineteenth sts.; large lot, 50.x
114; be&utlful garden.
$4500 — Rent $54; fine interest paying property:
Vallejo St., near Mason; Improvements,
flats and houses; lot 45x137:6; very
cheap.
CORNER IN WHOLESALE DISTRICT.
$12.000— Howard st., near First; frame building;
lot S0x»0.
FINE BU8INE8S CORNER.
$10,000— Prominent corner at the Mission; sub-
stantial building; grocery and saloon; 2
flats above; lot 50x80; rent $100.
FINE MODERN FT>AT8.
$5.600 — Close to the Dark; contains 5 and (
lance sunny rooms,, baths and all con-
veniences; lot 25x125; rent $52 SO; cheap-
est flaCs In the district.
PAYS 9 PER CENT.
$15,000 — 3 handsome corner flats, front park
panhandle; sun all day; contain i
rooms, baths and all conveniences; lot
32x100; offer wanted.
NICE BAY-WINDOW FLATS.
$3.600 — Rent $33; Eighteenth St., near Noe; con-
tain 4 and & rooms; porcelain bath.*:
hardwood floors In dining-room and par-
lors.
PARK PANHANDLE INVESTMENT,
$11,000— Pays 11 per cent; 3 swell flats, up to
date In every detail; kltch«n in center
of building-; one of the best Investments
In the market; rent $102 50.
'LYON h HOAG,
114 Montgomery street.
MADISON & BURKE.
Established January, UZS.
Real Estate Agents.
• Full charge taken of property.
626 Market St., opposite Palace Hotel.
$«300— PINE St., near Scott; 2 flats; rents $57 60;
lot 25x137:4 MADISON fe BURKE.
$7000—3 FLATS j near O'Farrell and Webster;
well rented: lot 26x90. MADISON 4 BURKE.
LAUNDRY building with 2 flowing wella of Al
water, tanks, barn and lot 163x120, on north
line of Lombard St., bet. Fillmore and Stein-
er; also lot 152x120 on Chestnut St.. In rear,
rents $73 per month; must be sold on account
of non-residence. MADISON St BURKE.
BUSH-ST. corner, near Keary; lot 60x70, with
large, substantial buildings: rents $230 per
month. MADISON & BURKE.
MISPION-ST. bargain, near Twelfth; large lot;
n*?w Improvements, store and flats; rents $110;
price 118.000. MADISOX & BURKE.
$10.600— PINE vacant property; lot 87:6x94, with
2 corners; Taylor and Greenwich sts. ; Just tha
place for a grocery. MADISON & BURKE.
ISOOO— AN elegant north corner In the Presidio
Heights district: 60x80; this is choice prop-
erty and very cheap. MADISON & BURKE.
$C300— BUSH st, near Webster; 8 rooms and
bath; elegantly finished interior; 27x100.
MADISON A BURKE.
$2800 — NICE T-room house on Noe st., near Hill:
lot 25x80. MADISON & BURKE.
— - '
$18,000— AN elegant marine view house. In tha
best of condition; will take a smaller houee
for part pay If not too far out. MADISON
& BURKE.
SUTTER st. comer of Buchanan; 35xS7:«; only
ISOOO. MADISON & BURKE. .
GEORGE M. WILLCOX. ~~"
328 Montgomery street.
$120,000— Sixth-st. corner; rents $10,000 per
annum.
$30,000— McAllister St., opposite City Hall:
substantial 3-story and basement; SO- foot froot
building; three tenants: always rented and sure
to enhance in value; S0xl37:8.
$20,000— Fillmore, near McAllister; rents $171*
fer annum: thoroughly up to date; 50-foot front:
-story and basement building, containing two
stores and four modern T-room flats
$20,000— Elegant Jackston-st. corner resldancei
14 rooms; 6<)xll3.
$15,000— Howard st. : stores and rooming-house:
rents $1500 per annum.
$12,00»— Improved business property nr. Kear-
ny st.: rents $1200 per annum; 40x70.
ISOOO— Fine residence lot,' 50x100, north Una of
Jackson st. : surrounded by elegant homes.
$5500— Near Clay and Larkln; rents $540 per
annum; never vacant.
$3000— Nineteenth, near Bryant; cosy, attraot-
Ive 8-room cottage; 25x100.
$2750— Fifteenth ave. south; good S-room resi-
dence; 73x100. .
$2700— Maple St.; nearly new 6-room cottage;
large barn; 80x112.
GEORGE M. WILLCOX,
32S Montgomery street.
ARE YOU
Consulting Your Own Interests T
PAYING RENT,
When we stand ready to help you secure a
home o» your own? ¦
Four, five and six room cottages, with all
the latest Improvement*!, In one of the best
p*rts of the city; electric cars only one block
away; street work done; fine view and a
healthy - locality; for sale on easy monthly
, payments. OSCAR HEYMAN, 14 Post st.
$100 EACH; lots 25x100; 300 feet from San Mateo
electric cars; $5 monthly. OSCAR HEYMAN
14 Post st.
SOME BARGAINS AT $5 A MONTH. :
$150 and upward; fine building lota; 1 block
from Twenty-second-st. cars.
Sunset Heights lots on Fourteenth art. ; *3
xl!0 each; grand view.
Lots north of the Park, near. Point Lobos
ave. OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post st.
JOHN PFORR. 403 Pine st-. near Montgomery.
Going out Valencia st. look up Thirteenth St.,
175 feet west from Valencia,. you see 4 fine lots,
25x90 feet each, the price of which has Just
been reduced to $2500 apiece.
Also to $1250 apiece, 25x70 feet on Clinton
Park. ,
$3730— A nice house on .Union St., near Jones;
a coxy home; fine view.
$4000— Credit sale of a Park Panhandle prop-
erty on Oak St.. near Central ave.: fine cottage
of 6 rooms and bath; lot 25x110.
$11.000— Rent $123; corner property In a grow-
ing manufacturing neighborhood; stores and
' flats. ¦ - ¦'¦¦:.¦-
$7600— 3-story house of 12 rooms; Sacramento
St., near Webster. ' . ¦-
BARGAIN.. ~~~
$16,000— Rents $1954 per annum; choice corner
of 2 principal streets In the Mission, consist-
ing of 8 modern flats of 6 and 7 rooms and
bath each: each fiat finished tastefully: wood
mantels: doors handsomely paneled; Improve-
ments alone originally cost $25,000; lot 74x124
with an L 24x30.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
• FOR sale— Modern house; 8 rooms; flrst-claas
condition: choice . part of Castro st ; .terms
reasonable. Box 800. -Call.-,
. BENJ. H. LICHTENSTEIN. Blythe -building'
Grant ave.. offers for sale an eletrant resi-
dence on Pacific ave., near Scott st.
REAL ESTATE— CITT— FOB BAXJJ.
EASTOX. EL DRIDG^Tca. RKCT sTRMrr
BUSH STREET INVESTMENT.
$15,(W-Xear Powell St.; rents $1465 per annum;
3 flats, 8. 7 and 7 looms and batb,
NEW— ELEGANT— MODERN IN DE-
TAIL.
ELLIS STREET CORNER.
$13,000—3 stores, t flats: lents $1117 per annum:
lot 27:6 frontage and running bock to
rear st.
* ( SXAP IN THE MISSION.
$8,500— Northeast corner on Twenty- first St..
near Mission; 3 fine bay-window houses
of 6 rooms and bath; alwaya rented for
$840 per annum; MAKE OFFER.
PARK PANHANDLE RESIDENCE.
$7,000— Reduced from $7300; cost $3000; large,
elegant, modern residence; 9 rooms and
bath; Lyon St.; lot 23x100.
MUST BE SOLD.
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
$4,75&-Two substantial, extra well built flats
of 5 and t rooms and bath; 33 feet 4
inches wide; rents $4S0 per annum:
Twenty-flret St., tear Valencia.
PULTON STREET COTTAGE.
$3,250— Substantial, well built modern cottage
of 5 rooms and oath; brick foundation:
a-ft. basement; near Baker st. ; rents
$22 £0; a cheap Western Addition home, j
TEHAMA STREET INVESTMENT. \
$3,000 — Near Fourth St.: front house. 7 rooms |
and porcelain bath; rear house, 4 rooms;
lot 25xSO: rents $32 50.
NEW. ELEOANT MODERN COTTAGE.
$3,500— « rooms and bath; porcelain bath; tile
mantels; every modern Improvement;
light and sun in every room; level lot;
close to 2 car lines: Sanchez st.
EASTOX, ELDRIDCJE & CO.,
628 Market street.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
63$ MARKET ST.
AUCTION
TUESDAY. DECEMBER IS. 1900.
At 12 o'clock at our salesroom, <38 Market st.
CALIFORNIA STREET RESIDENCE LOT.
(Foreclosure Sale.)
North side of California st, HX> feet west
of Gough st.: 25xM7:« feet; elegant lot, north
side of street, commanding a panoramic view
of the city. MUST BD SOLD TO SATISFT
THE MORTOAOE.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS PROPERTY.
North side of Vallejo St.. 100 feet of Baker
St.; 25 by 137:6 feet: four elegant building lots I
situated on the sunny side of street and I
commanding an unobstructed view of the
bay. Golden Gate and Presidio, street work
all done. This is the choicest residence dis-
trict In tha city.
BAKER-STREET COTTAGE.
1414 Baker St.. near Sutter; cottasre of 4
rooms; lot 25x100 ft.
PAGB-STREET LOT.
South side Page street, 35 feet east of I>yon;
slxe 25xlM> ft. ,
ELEGANT MODERN 8COTT-8T. FLAT3.
423-420 Scott St.. near Fell; 2 modern up-to-
date fiats of S and 7 rooms and batb: rents
$M; lot 27:6xS7:« rt.
PROBATE SALES.
ESTATE OP DAVID ROT. Deceased.
SS9 Brannin St., near Third: 2 front flats
and two rear flats of 6 rooms each; rents $S2
per month; lot 37:6x137:4 ft.
US-121 South Park, near Third st.: brick
building, containing 2 flats of • rooms and
bath each; rents $38: lot 21xg7:< ft.
ESTATE OF ELLEN RICKARDS. Deceased.
78 Clementina St., near Seoond; 4 data of 5
and 3 rooms, rents $43; lot 2SxSO ft.
MISSION WARM BELT RESIDENCE.
375 Lexington ave.. near 21st st. ; house of fl
rooms and bath; rent $13; lot 2Sx8O ft.
MISSION RESIDENCE.
40 Diamond st-. near l?th; cottage of 7
rooms and bath; lot 2S:6xl25 ft.
MODERN MISSION COTTAGB.
E2 Whitney St., near 30th.; cottage of <
rooms and bath; lot 25x123 ft.
CATALOGUES WITH FtTI.£.PARTICUI*ARS
AT OFFICE.
BARTON. ELDRIDGE * CO..
633 Market street.
YOUR LAST CHANCE.
$330—470x200; entire block. 20» Abbey Home-
stead Association, San Mateo. except lots 1
and 2.
$450-«Sxl20; lot 3, block 16, Market -st. Home-
stead Association; comer Falcon and Romain
streets.
CHAS. C. FISHER. «24 Market st.
BARGAIN— The last of those fine cottages at
30th and Church sts.; 5 rooms; all modern Im-
provements and J-room flat in lower floor;
small amount cash, balance same as rent; see
owner on premises.
$1600— BARGAIN; cottage. 5 rooms and bath: In
good condition; lot 22x114; near 2 lines of cars;
in the Warm Belt of the Mission. Apply to
H. L. REA. 403 "Washington St.
$4500— "nVO-STORT bay-window house; large,
lot, SSxl20; In choice part of Mission warm
belt,*' near Valencia and Sixteenth sts. Ad-
dress R., box 114. Call office.
OWNERS of property In the Potrero that wish
to sell, call on W. J. GUNN. 530 California
st., S. F. Savings Union building.
$100— FINE level lots. 25x120. at Ingleslde and
Ocean View. Address It., box 114. Call office.
ALL sorts of financial problems solved by H.
MURPHY. 630 Market; 2d mortgages: estates.
REAL ESTATE: COUNTRY — For Sale
FARMS, VINEYARDS. GRAZING LAXDS.
FOR SALE BY
MeAFEE BROTHERS. 108 Montgomery St..
San Francisco.
Country property can now be bought at prices
that assure good Interest, and the future pros-
pects of the State warrant Increasing values;
examine this list:
10 acres, bearing oranges, at Palermo.... $4,000
160 acres grain land, near Livermore 2.500
12-acres, chicken ranch, near Petaluma.. 1.500
34 acres, prune orchard, near San Jose.. 17.000
100 acres, olive grove and oil plant 32,500
WRITE OR CALL FOR LIST OP
SAN MATEO RESIDENCES,
FARMS, GRAZINO AND MARSH LANDS.
ORANGES LEMONS.
Buy a home In the Orange and Lemon Colony
of Northern California; no scale; no frost;
abundance of water fur Irrigation; tn tracts of
6 acres and upward.
1200 acres grazing land, near Santa. Roea, for
sale or lease; price, $10 per acre.
MeAFEE BROTHERS,
\ ' 108 Montgonvrry St., 8. F.
$3 60 AN acre, amount of mortgage; ranch 1000
acres, near railway station. Mendocino Coun-
ty; 60 acres creek bottom, balance rolling hill,
pasture and woodland; house and barn;, or-
chard, half Its value. P. ROTHERMEL, 507
California st.
$1400— 10 ACRES, rich loam soil, near Petalu-
- ma: house and barn: a bargain.
$1600—8 acres, with house, barn and orchard,
near Santa. Rosa. Address P. ROTHERMEL.
507 California st.
640 ACRES, choice redwood timber land, on
Navarro River. Mendocino County; reduced
to $4 an acre: al*: special bargains In farms
and stock ranches. P. ROTHERMEL, 607
California st.
$«60— 160 ACRES redwood aad tan oak timber
land; on road: a sacrifice.
$900— Ranch 160 acres. S mtle* from Cklah. In
the hills; 20 acres cleared; young orchard;
spring water, house and barn; enough wood to
pay for ranch. P. ROTHERMEL. £07 Cali-
fornia st.
A CHRISTMAS gift— 90-acre ranch for $3000 if
sold Immediately; 4 miles from Wrights; 40
acres in fruit and vines; nice l^-room modern
hous«; fin« view of Santa. Cruz and the bay;
would subdivide. Address H. E. R-. box
775, Call.
CIRCULARS free of hundreds of farms In all
parts of the State; stock farms, fruit farms,
chicken ranches. Call at office or writs.
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market, nr. Call big.
MARIN Co.. M miles from S. F.— $40 to ISO per
¦ere: choice lands in tracts of all sizes; Im-
proved farms, chicken ranches, hay. grain,
fruit and vegetable lands; easy terms; rail
and water transit: good schools. HOME AND
FARM CO.. room 2. 3th floor. Mills bldg.. S.F.
FOR sale or rent — 328 acres tn ths oil belt near
th* Stone Canyon coal mine; 200 men now at
work. C. F. MOORE, 835 Market st-. room 8.
FOR sale or rent— Chicken, hog or stock ranch;
near coal mine. Room 1&4. ZZi. tails St.
WE have for sale and exchange some of the
beet stock, grain and fruit ranches In the
State. P. C LAS3EN A CO.. 1010 Broad-
way. Oakland. Cal. ¦: -.. ¦ - .-
ACCURATE knowledge, each of the 3000 ranch-
es on my sale and exchange list— more than
"all other agents In city; state what's wanted.
N. P. SICKELS. the Land Agent. » Geary st.
A WEEK'S news for i cents— The W««kly Call.
II pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year. ,
REAL ESTATE TO CXCHA5GE.
$3C00— RANCH. W) acres. In the redwoods on
main read, between Ukiah and the coast; 30
acres cleared for cultivation, orchard and
garden, balance of land in redwood and oaic
timber: small h<»use and barn; s*-h.*il; z*-l
stand for hotel or* resort; hunting and fishing;
exchange for city. Oakland or Berkeley prop-
erty. Addresa R.. box 114. Call office.
WANTED — Lota in Alameda. East Berkeley or
Richmond district. 9. F., in exchange for new
house of 8 rooms; owners only. J. H.
YOUNG. 1243 fark st, Alameda.
NEW -upttase • ran., batb.: lot 6frxlM; Mission;
rental term*: and vacant lota. 413 Kearny «t-
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
A DECIDED bargain: $300 cottage, of 4 rooms
and bath; hot and cold water; near school
ard station; terms $2M cash, balance $12 50
per month.
$1300— Northeast comer: lot 50x100; l-story
house of 4 rooms and bath: 2 blocks from sta-
tion: sacrifice to close sale.
$1900— New 5-rt»ra cottage; all improvements ;
street work all done; location first-class; easy
tenrs: part ca*h, balance same as rent; let
33:4x150.
SZ~.M— Lot S3:4xl50: new elegant 2-story housa
of 8 rooms and bath: up-to-date:" street mac-
adamized; near station and school.
$3000— Lot 40xU0; new iragnlflcent cottaga; 7
rooms and bath: plastered basement; between
railroads- near Morton-st. station: easy terms.
(4230 Lot 40xl?U); Willow st. ; naif block from
I station and school; 2-story house of 10 rooms
and bath; also 3 rooms In attic: large stable,
etc. ; this property Is being foreclosed and U a
snap.
I toooo — Lot 50x207; finest residential section in
Alameda; magnificent 2-story house of 10 rooms
ani? bath, with barn: also street improvement*
dune; in excellent order: cost owner $11.00ft.
Houses to let in alt parts of Alameda.
II. V. MOHEAL A CO..
H22 Park st.
VALUABLE property f cr ga i» at a bargain.
A choice residence of 10 rooms an-i hath;
northwest ccrner; must be sold to close an
estate; want an offer.
A stylish colonial 2-story house. « rrviiris •»"•!
bath; large lot; Morton-st. station; price only
$20.'.0; easy terms.
An elegant 10-room cottage: lot 41x150; for?-
clored: price for thr-e days. $C?.nO.
Cottajre. S rooms and bath; on principal street;
good neighborhood; only $25*).
Houses built, rented and exchanged.
Properties sold on easy monthly payments.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
1500 Park St.. Alameda. and
20 Post St.. 3. F.
Office open Sunday and evenings.
I*.*)— REDUCED to $S300; house. 19 rooms; lot
50x150.
$?5C0 — 8-roon» house; lot 45x130; choice loca-
ticn; part of furniture goes with house.
For exchange — Rouse, 4 rooms; lot 23x135:
Rood location: will exchanfs for lot In Ala-
meda.
tltt'V- Pine cottage; nearly new; I room*: let
! Large eottag*. 8 rooms: h!sh basement: a!l
j nicely papered, and iras. bath, stable, chicken
. yard; lot o^laft; on one of th» main avenues;
$:x»: on easy terms. E. D. JUI>D A CO.
$100ft— NEAT cottage, 4 rooms and basement:
lot 20x130; between Central and Santa Clara,
jives., near Mortr>n station.
$1700— Cottage. 6 rooms and bath; lot r^tl^J;
Bay station: business property: good invest-
ment. P. ROTHERMEL. SO? California st.
NEW house. S rooms; new cottage. 5 rooms.
$1SSO; lot 45x120. 2 new cottaices of • rooms,
$y<V>: terms. J. H. Tour.sr. huildor, 1243 P^K.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND BOARD.
WE can oiler elegant suite of rooms and boar<l
In an elegant private home In Aiameda to
refined couple; references required. Box 3fi3.
Call office.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY ItEAL ESTATE.
$2000— A MODERN house of 6 rooms and bath:
near school house and railroad station; street
work all done; Installments If <!ee!red.
$22S) — ?Tew house of B rooms and bath: elec-
tric lights and gas; corner lot; electric cars
pass the property; within 10 minutes' walk cr
the university; a lovely home for a newly mar-
ried couple who wish to start the world right.
Berkeley Heights, the finest spot In Alameda
County; grand view of the bay; lets for sale
by MASON & McLEXATHEX. adjoining P. O..
Berkeley.
i-ROOM cottag«: 2 blocks from station: sew-
ered: city water; lot 40x100; all fenc«~l;
nice home; price $1^0; $100 do-wn. balance
$15 per month. Take Berkeley train, get nff
at Lortn and Inquire for RUDOLPH. PEP.-
KINS *z LYON.
NEW (-room house; well located; modern tn
every respect; close to local trains; price $i3i«»;
$200 down, balance CO per month. RUDOLPH,
PERKINS A. LYON. Lortn station. Berkeley.
$730 — LARGn lot. 160x135; on corner near local:
East Berkeley: a snap. I wtll buy a lot ani
build a house to suit you on Installments In
Berkeley. Oakland, Frultvale or San Fran-
cisco. H. B. PINNET. opposite local station.
Berkeley.
$3P00— HANDSOME new 2-story house. T rooms
and bath; corner lot 50x100; near station: easy
terms.
$a<X> — Fine corner lot 4sxl34 on Telegrtmph av*
P. KOTHERMEL. £07 California St.
SPLENDID Berkeley home for sale; cnolcw
corner lot on Durant av« , close to univer-
sity: modern house of 12 rooms, with furnace.
range, city plumbing and very finest finish
and decoratlny: price $11,000. O. O. MAY
A CO.. 21» Center st, Berkeley. CaL
40x130— Three minutes* walk from Ashby Sta-
tion: cheap for cash or on easy installments.
• 271 Lexington ave.. San Francisco.
FRUITVALE ADYERTISEMENTS
FRCITVALE REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE BT H. A. PLEITNER. .
Cheapest lots ever offered In FVultvale.
Choice building lots $75 and upward: $25 cash.
$5 monthly; Pleitner? Heights Tract; location
tho best; no fog nor cold winds here; the cli-
mate is the best in the State.
$fioO— Lot «0x375. containing 19 bearing- fruit
trees.
$400— Lot 100x200. fronting en 1 streets; fine
place for chickens.
}300_Cottage of 5 rooms; chicken-house and
yard: city water: 1 block from electric cars.
$&50— Coay cottage of 3 rooms and bath; high,
basement; brick foundation; good well; wind-
mill: tank; stable; shed; chleken-house; li
fruit trees: lot 75x100: ail fenced.
$1100 — $100 cash, balance same as rent; mod-
err, cottage of S rooms and bath, basement,
etc; lot 5Oxl4«; must be sold; an opportunity
worth Investigating.
$1700— Ccttage of 5 rooms and bath, basement.
etc.: 3 chicken-houses: 20O chickens: cholca
fruit trees; lot 80x2S0; 4 blocks from Pruitvai»
station.
Offer wanted for a beautiful story and a half
Colonial style residence, containing i rooms
and bath, basement., fine mantel, ga* etc.:
large lot; street work and cement walks all
complete; owner Is goins; away and is obliged
to sell; see this for a bargain. For particu-
lars apply to H. A. PLE1TXER, Fruitvale sta-
tion. Cal.
$500— NICE house. 4 rooms: lot *?xS0; good well
on place; monthly payments $7.
$1200— House. 5 rooms and bath; good barn;
let 100x115: eauy payments.
(300O New modern house. 9 rooms and bath:
2 blocks from station; your own terms.
$300— House, 5 rooms; lot 45x145; this home caa
be bought for $11 W per month,
$I3C0— House. 5 rooms: hardwood mantel:
bcth- large basement: chlcken-h<mse<i and large
lot; 2 blocks from station; this la a lovely
home; terms to suit.
$SCO— House. 3 rooms; lot 4oxH": fruit trees:
$100 cash, balance P 80 per month; If you w*nt
a home buy this same as rent. "W. E. RU-
DELL.
HOME BrTLIHNO CO/S OFFICE.
Fruitvale ave.. near 3tatlon.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— HIS BROADWAY.
OAKI^SD^JR^ALJE^TATE.
$:S0'CASH. $15 monthly; a model home; new
114-story house of 5 rooms; porcelain bath;
plenty of closets; lovely large complete pan-
try; In fact, everything Is up to date; the lo-
cation U charming; Al soil and superb cli-
mate; city water; sewor; about nine minutes*
easy walking from local steam cars; 1 square
from alectrii car line, and close to a high-
grade public grammar school; neighborhood
well assured: adjoining East Oakland: price
all toM $1730, Call or send for circular of fine
and cheap lots, 413 Seventh »t.. Oakland.
Broadway station; carriage free. H. Z.
JONE9. owner.
$20 CASH, $7 50 monthly: adjoining East Oak-
land, Va-acre sandy loam; 10- year-old assort-
ed fruit trees in season, full bearing; price
$273.
$25 cash. $9 monthly: adjoining Bast Oak-
land; *,-acr» assorted fruit treex, 11 years* old.
full bearing In season: Al soil; in a lovely spot:
price $X1; will build a house to suit; on small
Installments; fine macadamized street In front
of property: near two car lines, fine school an.i
in a well-butlt-up section, away fntn fo«rs s.n.1
raw winds. Call or »en<I for circular. 4.V! Sev-
enth' St.. Oakland; carriage free. H. Z. JONE3.
owner. . .Boiler-Makers' Annual Ball.
The eighteenth annual ball of San Fran
cisco Lodge Xo. 25, Brotherhood of Boiler
makers and Iron Ship Builders of Amer
ica, was held at Odd Fellows' Hall last
nlf &5 ?. n , <1 waa lar 8«ly attended. Thomas
J. Sheridan was floor manager and his as
sistants were G Lillis and J. McAvoy.
16 *;., 0 ' arrangements consisted
?.* T««: Sh J erlaan /- Ed Payne. J. Petrle.
G. LlUls. H. McNesby and J. McAvoy.
The reception committee was as follows:
& w~ llb 7 tf o J - Lwtner. J. Henderson.
aV£ a £ia?te5 yan - * Ch ' * *""
to Loot Business
Houses.
ST. LOUIS. Dec. 15.— Five unidentified
men, garbed as tramps, who ; asked shel
ter in the calaboose at midnight last night,
overpowered the village Marshal of
Brighton, 111., locked him in a cell and
then broke into a bank and two stores.
They attempted to get into the vault of
Blodgett Bros.' bank, in which there was
a large amount of money, but were un
successful, although the strong box was
partially wrecked by several explosions of
dynamite.
Falling there, the robbers entered' the
general store of E. Butler, where they
broke into the safe and secured $100. Soon
afterward : Butler's store was discovered
on fire. *. A loss of several thousand dol
lars resulted. 'The robbers escaped on a
handcar. "
."Whenthe Marshal was liberated he or
ganized a posse and started after the rob
bers with bloodhounds. ;-,. :
BOLD WOEK OF THIEVES
IN AN ILLINOIS TOWN
Lock Town Marshal Up and Proceed
There have been a succession of rob
beries on the ferries during the past week
that puzzles the police. Valise after valise
has disappeared, and. occasionally a gun
and case and fishing tackle have gone
astray. All the sleuths on the police force
are on the watch, but still the thief or
thieves go on about their business and
steal valises right under the officers' »«,
At the Tiburon ferry yesterday a man
turned his valise over to a transfer man
While the agent was ¦ talking with the
owner and taking his audress the valise
vanished A valuable shotgun was stolen
from the Sausalito ferry, and no less than
fo«r valises have beenVaked away from
the Southern Pacific offices. The Santa Fe
was not forgotten, and. all In all.- the
The United States army transport Lo
gan sailed for Manila yesterday. Among
those who went away on her were three
officers, two assistant surgeons, twenty
two civilians, two female nurses, ninety
nine recruits, twenty-four members of the
hospital corps and four members of the
signal corps. She also took away $1,300,000
In gold coin to be used ln payment of the
troops and also for regular expenses of
the Government.
Sneak Thieves at "Work.
With the St. Paul. Roanoke. Humboldt
and Ohio' in its fleet the Panama Rail
road Company will have four vessels
equal to anything the Mail Company has
been sending to Central America. The St.
Paul, now loading at Fremont street, has
more cargo ofTered than she can carry.
Every ounce that the Roanoke can pack
Is already contracted for. and the other
two vessels will go out loaded to tho
guards.
ANOTHER TRANSPORT SAILS.
Xogan Carries Over a Million In
Treasure to the Philippines.
coming- week. She will be followed
by the Roanoke and later by the Charles
D. Lane, Ohio or Humboldt. The nego
tiations for the three latter vessels are
now under way, and the chances seem to
be in favor of the Panama Company se
curing the Ohio and Humboldt. The latter
is not a very great' carrier, but she has
splendid cabin accommodations and is
very fast. In fact, there are few vessels
on the coast that the Humboldt cannot
beat.
HE* first of the Panama Railroad
1 Company's chartered steamships.
I the St. Paul, will get away from
1L here for the isthmus during the
Pacific Mail's Rival Will
Begin Running Steamers
at Once.
NEW PANAMA LINE
READY TO FIGHT
Notice is hereby given that the first-elan
Iron spar buoy oft outer end north Jetty. Hum
boldt Bar. California.* went adrift December
13. It will be replaced as soon as practicable
This notice affects the "List of Beacons and
Buoys. Pacific Coast. 1P0O." page 29.
By order of the Lighthouse Board'.
Commander. U. S. N\, InspectorTw^lfS^Skht
house District.
Notice to Mariners.
HTMBOLDT BAR. CALIFORNIA
A Cargo for the Orient.
The Belgian Kins cleared yesterday for
China and Japan with a general carjo valued
at $133,637, manifested as follows: For China,
$117,424; for Japan. 115,213. The following wer«
the principal shipments:
For China — 12.183 tbs afcalone meat. 6S68 R>a
beans. 150 half-barrels beef. 483 cs canned
goods, 13 cs cotton, 717 Its cheese, S4S0 lbs
dried fruit. 1826 lbs dried fish. 3 cs furniture,
30,500 bbls flour, 16 pkgs groceries and pro
visions. 2600 R>s ham* und bacon, 11 cs photo
goods, 112,068 n» soda, 200 IBs starch. 500 kegs
sauerkraut, 84 sks seaweed, 40 cs salmon, 110
cs soap. 1473 ska shrimp shells.
For Japan— 12J0 lbs dried fruit. 1230 R>« dried
fish. 950 bbls flour. Z57 pkgra groceries and pro
visions. 8 cs household goods, 8 cs hardware.
1515 pigs lead. 36,330 feet lumber. 8 crs ma
chinery. 23 bbls. oak extract, 40,000 Tbs salt.
SO Fks seaweed. 1 cs turpentine.
The British steamship Ctalng Wo will load
wheat at Portland for St. Vincent for orders.
43s. prior to arrival; the C. H. Merchant, rail
road ties for Sallna Cruz; the Irene, lumber
at Eureka for Sydney.
Shipping Merchants.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
The British ship Ditton and the Ameri
can bark J. D. Peters, that were blown off
shore during Friday's gale, were both in
offing again last night. The Peters was
!£ wl ?£*? nd mad * P° rt > °ut the captain of
the Ditton would not accept a tow and
h £ n . l£ i s $ h * ard from was ten miles west
of Point Lobos.
, C& R & l n C^^ V -, E>avld of the collier M!ne
ola died suddenly aboard his ship yester-
B. C, during the week and docked, at
Long wharf Oakland. Captain £>av?d
went over to his vessel yesterday morn
ing, and a few hours afterward dropped
dead in the cabin. vv
Harry Matt son. a fisherman, had a nar
row escape from death in San Pablo Bav
during Friday's storm. His boat capsized
and he had to cling to the keel for four
hours before help came. His hand was
crushed and one of his fingers was amrm
tated at the Harbor Hospital by I>r. Starr
Water Front Notes.
sneak thieves have reaped a rich harvest
during the past week.
THE ;SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 16, 1900.
'.
46
vember 21. 1900, at St. Brendan's Church, by
the Rtv. Father Lande, Thomas E. O'Connor
and Lizzie Campbell, both of San Francisco.
ROSBERG— FRET— In this city, December 15,
1300. by the Rev. J. Fuendellna;. Oscar E. Ros-
berg and Bertha Frey.
WILDERMUTH-DENCE— In this city, Decem-
ber 9, 1900. by the Rev. Frederick A. Doane.
William Wllderniuta of Newark, Cal., and
Charlotte Dence of San Francisco.
Vallecito, Oalaveras County, Cal.
MITCHEL-REHM-In this city. December 15.
1900. by the Rer. J. Fuendellng, Charles
MJtehef and Kate Rehm. .
O'CONNOR— CAMPBELL— In this city. No-
Gerl and LouTse Buettner.
KEILBAR— SCIACALUGA-In this city, De-
cember 12, 1SO0, by the Rev. J. Fuendeling.
Theodore Kellbax of Murphys. Calaveras
County. Cal.. and Maria T. Sciacaluga of
COTTER— HEALEY— In this city. November
28. 1900, at Sacred Heart Church, by the Rev.
Father Cullen. Peter J. Cotter and Katie L.
Healey, both of San Francisco.
DECKER— WILHELM— In this city. December
15. 1900. by the Rev. J. Fuendellng, William
Decker and Mrs. Emille Wilhelm.
GERL— BUETTNER — In this city, December
12, 1S00. by the Rev. J. Fuendellng, Louis C.
MARRIED,
BORN.
BTTUCE— In this city, to the wife of Robert E.
Byrne, a daughter.
HULME— In this city, November 30, 1900, to the
wife cf A. Hulme, a sen.
McHUGH— In this city. December 8. 1900, to
the wife of Michael McHugh, a son.
MACKIBJ— In this city. December 14. 1900. to the
wife of Thomas Mackle, a son.
MITCHELL— In this city. December 10. 1900, to
the wife of Clarence L. Mitchell, a son.
TAURECK — In this city. t>ecember 15, 1900, to
tho wife of J. W. Taureck. a son.
TAUSSIG— In this city, December 10, 1900, to
the wife of Louis Taustlg, a son.
WHITE— In this city. November 30. 1900. to the
¦wife of Heiyy White, a daughter.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication of flees and bo
Indorsed with the name and residence of per*
eons authorized to have the same- published.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
Charles J. Cuneo, 25, 1906 Powell street, an3
Victoria Assallno, 26, 1721 Lake street.
Carl V. Nyman, 31, 111B Freelon street, and
Sophie E. Blied, 23, 1128 Broadway.
Victor St. Claire Howard, 27, Halfmoon Bay,
and Jennie Forbes. 27, city.
Felix Pedrln!. 22. 707 Green street, and Mamie
Clucci. 18, 1104 Montgomery avenue.
Charles E. Efflnger. 23. 56a Mission Btreet, and
Lena Nlzlls, 24. 1*184 Mason street.
<"harl~? A. Magistra, 48. 4' s Jasper place, and
Mary Glovannonl, S2. 1516 Post street.
Edward Kaufmann, 40, 1207 Market street,
and Marie Kuntz. 42. 1S43 Fillmore street.
Ornery E. Alley. 21, Kenwood, Cal.. and Josle
Mlnlck, IS. 467 Minna street.
Gulpe-ppe Lucchesst. 30. Colusa, and Filomena
Bertolucd, 27, Coluta.
Gaetano Antotomaso. 36, 190 Francisco street,
and Vittoria Trotta. 26. 190 Francisco street.
Joseph P. Ci-oce, 24, 178 Valparaiso street,
and Rosina Rauiol, 24, 439 Union street.
J. George Attlnser. 21, 102S Guerrero street,
and Tlllie W. Rieper, 21. 31 Twenty-eighth st.
See To Hauesan, 25. 1016 Stockton street, and,
Kim In Soon. 24, 916 Washington street. '
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
will close on Friday. December 14. 1900. at 3
o'clock p. m. E. H. SHELDON, secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Dividend No. 86 (25 cents
per share) of the Hutchinson Sugar Planta-
tion Company will be payable at the office
of the company, 327 Market St.. en and after
Thursday. December 20, 1900. Transfer books
A DIVIDEND ln liquidation of 3 per cent ou
all deposits has been declared "by The'X^p.llfor-
nia Savings iind Loan Society, payable oV&nd
after Friday. December 14, 1900. at the office
of the society. Mills building. 2d floor, room
2S. CHAS. D. FARQUHARSON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
SEWIXG MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
paired; open even.; phone Black 1124. 203 4lh.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck. 1915 Mission, nr. lath.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing lowest rates; open even. 205 Fourth.
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired; needles and
shuttles; reduced rates. 145 6th: phone Mint 5.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1S40; shipping at cut rates.
WILSON BROS., storage and moving; covered
vans. Tenth and Market: phone South 762.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO.,
415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10; tel. 5580.
ROOMS papered from $3 up; plaster repaired
and leaks. 319 Third Bt.
LADIES and gentlemen wanted for a new
college of medicine. Box 778, Call office.
PROFESSOR DOVE, phrenologist— Free treat-
ment for the sick by suggestive therapeutics
every Monday at 765 Market St., room_ 15. •
LADIES— Chichester, English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best; safe, reliable; take no other:
send 4c stamps for particulars; "Relief for
Ladies" in letter by return mail; at drug-
gists- Chlchester Chemical Co.. Philadel.. Pa.
SPECIAL. NOTICES
ROOMS WANTED.
WAXTED-Furn. room bet. Leavenworth. Van
Ness, Bush & California, by German gent.;
Cath. fam. prefd. ; state details. Box 75T. Call.
1*00315 TO LET— Fnrn. and Unforn.
FOLSOM. *34— Lanre sunny furnished room;
closet: bath; private; $1 week; call by 8 p. m.
GEARY, 268— Nicely furnished rooms; also
suite suitable for physician.
GEART. 406 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
rms; suites or single; travelers accommodated.
GOLDEN GATE, 1206-6 rooms with bath; |25.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
•nd Mission sts. — Sunny rooms, . en suite or
single; ladles' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
HOWARD, €50— A nice eunny single room, suit-
able for one or two.
HOWARD, 761V4 — Sunny bay-window room;
others; reasonable. : :- ;¦;
LARKIX. €J7 — Unfurnished sunny front room.
LARKIN. 1004. nr! Post— Newly renovated
nicely furnished sunny rooms, $6 per mo. up.
LAS PALM AS. 1S20 Market St.— Suite of 2 or 3
rms.; private; bath: sin, rms.; board optional.
LKWIS plac*. 18 — Furnished anl unfurnished
rooms to let; single or en suite.
llcALLISTER, 90314— Large sunny bay wlndoif
room: gas, bath.
MINNA. 237. bet. Sd anil 4th (New Tork House)
— Outside rooms $1 25 per week and up.
MINNA. CC7, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay window room, $1 per week: transient.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market St.— Nicely
furnished rooms. iZ a week up; 33c a day up.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices: elevator: electric lights; day. wk.. mo.
O'FARRELL. 742— Nicely furnished doubla
room; gas. bath, phone; $9 month; others.
FINE. 7S1— Beautifully furnished rooms ln
suite, single; modern: gas. electricity, bath;
fras; flre places; reasonable.
PINE, 990 — FYont sunny room, hot and cold
water, new flat; private family; gentleman.
ROYAL House. 12S Ellis st.— Incandescent light:
readln«r-room. smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per niprht. 35c to $1 50; week. J2 to
$8; month. $8 to J30; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
ROSEDALE House. 319 and 321 Ellis St.— Rooms,
night £5c to SI. week SI 25 to H: open night.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
SHIPLEY. €1 — Large front room, nicely furn-
ished ; ' reasonable.
BUTTER. 320>j — Changed hands; newly reno-
vated; single rooms, $S; suites, $12 to $23 mo.
SL'TTER. 71ft— Very choice double parlors,
richly furnished: piano; Investigate.
SITTER, M9— Nicely furnished front room;
modern improvements; suitable for a studio.
THIRD, 314 — 4 nicely furnished rooms; rent
reasonable.
TURK. 16 — Nicely furnished front room ln pri-
vate family; for 1 or 2 gentlemen.
TURK. 332 — Sunny front room, suitable for
dentist or dressmaker. .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH offica for Call advertisements and
subscriptions baa been established at 1094
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
LAYMASCE REAL ESTATE CO.,
460-462 Eighth st., Oakland.
OAKLAND HOMES. UNDER VALUE.
J1S.000 — An estate; magnificent corner man-
rion; situation unexcelled; recent cost, $27,000;
aa offer considered.
$U.000— Cost $20,000; handsome Lakeside dis-
trict residence, 15 rooms: large grounds.
SfcjOO— Recent coat, (12.000; one central East
Ockland's choicest home?; 12 rooms; corner.
$46o0— Near Market elation ; beautiful loca-
tion; modern S"-roora home; nee this place.
JS^sn— Fineft ftr*et on Oakland Heights: beau-
t'.tul f-room corner; ideal home; recent coet.
13600— Piedmont Heights; new Colonial. 7
rooms; mortgage $2400; now vacant; builder
nvjn «fU.
J3500 — Adeline station: up-to-date 7-room
home; very complete: 35x125: beautiful location.
$36:iG— T«-le*rraph and 2Sth;» cost M50O; fine
n-i'dern S-ror.m home; 40xl€5; fple-ndid property.
$S0u">— Ninth ave.; elegant 7 rooms; Fpecially
built for a home: lot 50x150: looal train*.
S2(£O— Latham Terraoe; Fuperbly situated: 2-
ftory modern Colonial. " rooms; 40x166: make
offer. ~-
f2759—Xear Broadway and 24th; modern 8-
rro'm residence: corner; owner must realize
cash immediately.
$;.rfiO— S— i<» cash, rental installments: beautiful
Ot-kland H«»:phts new 7-room Colonial; sui>ert>
street: bark pale.
$2'.Tf>— Near Broadway and I4th; neat o-room
retinae: fuperb location: elc*e in: rents 120.
J20-X"— Th«> <-oziert 5-room home In the select
part of Ptfdmont residence district.
H7W— Near Grove and 33d; I-story house. 6
i<y n-i?, bath; stable; 7rt- foot lot; bargain.
j]i>-<V-N>at ?-room corner cottage, nicely sit-
uated; East Oakland: *100 cash. $10 monthly.
»:.i> foot- Fine corner. CJxl«n. Lakeside district.
JirMi— Block of Fmlth'e itianf'un: lot 100x150.
fSOO— Ccrner, 60x150, near Clinton Maticn.
ji,rjV_CciT.er. 100xl"0. oa 11th ave.: fine lot.
SM0— Market sL : 25xK'O: north Market 6tation.
j;,50 — f-nap; EQxltt; near TelPgraph and 32d.
S45t — Snap: 37x14°: near Grove and 33d.
$;J5 — Near Tem^sral power-house; 00x150.
11^0—m-arres Fruitvale comer; ail fru't.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
«eo-«R2 Eighth ft., Oaklaad._
APSOLUTELT best easy-term home ln Oak-
land: new 2-story. latest architecture. 6
room*; never occupied; latest plumbing, man-
tel 3 set* folding doors; Zixlbt; near Broad-
way- trains handy: refused $30 rent: splendid
workmanship: only S^5O: *^<H» cash. S30 month.
LATOAXCK REAL ESTATE CO.. 460-462
EJi?hth ft.. Oakland. ______
4~ACRES (very scarce), near Oakland electric
car*; all fine assorted fruit; cottag*. 5 rooms:
n^ar stores school churches: fine poll: price
JSiOO; sp!«-n1i<3 value. LAYMANCE REAL
ESTATE CO.. 4RM<2 Eighth el.. Oakland.
|!300— PXAP: rear Broadway: nicely situated
(-room ccttape: fine order: bath; porcelain,
rink- corded trindowf; mantel: patent closet:
lafemcnt: quick Kale. LATMANCE REAL
ESTATE CO.. 460-46; Eighth Et.. Oakland.
J130O— COMFORTABLE EASTLAKE COTTAGE
Thl? coxy home, containing bath and other
iir.proretnenu; renting now for $12 per month;
insured for $1500; cost $irx> to build; street
¦work all done: nic#. open doping lawn: elec-
tric line in front; near broad pauire station:
situate ln choice residence location: this Is
a big bargain for a homepeeker; lot 30x100
fp«t; desirable ln every respect, and call or
GEO. W. ACTSTIN & CO..
The House Renters.
IOCS Broadway. Oakland.
HOTELS Jor sale.
Losing houses.
Grocery stores.
Hardware stores.
Drug store*.
50 pood farms for sale; some for exchange.
Business property payir.gr 6 per cent net on
Investment.
Colony property from 300 to 100.W acres.
30-page catalogue cf California homes.
See E. E. BCNCE for all bargains, 352
Broadway, Oakland.
fi:,v\ TTVO cottages for sale; rents $18 per
month: Center St.; rood Income property;
; ays IS per cent.
ALDEN & CO.. 111S Broadway.
$775— FOUR-ROOM cottage with basement; lot
SSxlOO: ten minutes' walk to train; healthy
location: irast r>e sold: make offer. Address
box r>63. Call office. Oakland.
{<tv,_poun-ROOM cottage with bath and base-
ment; must be sold; send for photos and
make offer. Address box 2064, Call office,
Oakland. _______
|2ttl— A NEW modern house of 5 rooms; half
rash, balance can stand at 8 per cent; &
bargain. Inquire 414 E. ITth St.. Oakland.
OAKLAND UOUSES TO LET.
GOOD house*. Get list from GEO. W. AUS-
TIN *¦ *^o . Inns B'oortwwT. Oakland.
* OAKLAND FURNISHED HOUSES.
9-ROOM house. tCZ; complete; gas stove, fur-
nace; references; no children: forenoons. 1504
Franklin rt.. Oakland.
O AKLAXD_ROqMS_TO LET;
FfRMFHED rooms to rent. 100S Tenth et..
Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. SehellhaaB. th«
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CASTRO, 419. nr. 17th. rear— 2 nice eunny nn-
fur. rooms; large yard; stable optional; cheap.
EIGHTH. 34B. near >larket— 1 or 2 large frcnl
b^drocms, with regular kitchen furnished for
housekeeping; hot and cold water; bath.
ELLIS, €21— Newly furnished suite of two sun-
ry rooms for housekeeping. $13 50.
FIFTH. £J3— Furnished for housekeeping. 2 dou-
ble parlors, kitchen, bath. S30: also single. $5.
FOLSOM. S2S— Large eunny furnished room;
light housekeeping: $1 50 week.
FfLTON, 3GS — Two sunny furnished house-
ko^rlng rooms: yard: bath; gas: coal 6tove.
HOWARD, 1604—2 rocrns complete for house-
keeping; prix-ate; cheap.
HOWARD. 1606— FYirniPhed room ln a private
family; gas; light housekeeping.
HYDE. VJS— Sunny front basement suite, $15; |
also rear basement room. yard, laundry. $12.
HAR.RI5ON. 721 — 4 roami; furnished complete
for housekeeping; large yard; hath; $15.
HOWARD, 11S9— Sunny front room for house-
keepliK: bath.
HYDE, 1414— 2 unfurnished rooms for light
housekeeping; parlor floor; sun all day: also
2 furnished single rooms.
LARKIN. Sli^— Larse room: privilege light
houeekeeplng: gas stove and bath.
11 A.KKET. opp. Fifth— Large sunny front room
and kitchen. $12; 2 email. $6. Call 342 Kearny.
MINNA. 2fi — Nice *unnjr furnished front house-
keeping rooms; 73c and $1 per week.
MISSION, 173£— Sunny front tulte, complete for
housekeeping; coal range; bath: modern; $14.
MOSS, 13. off Howard, near S»\-enth — 2 rooms
furnished complete for housekeeping.
OAK. IIS— 1 sunny basement room; dry: fur-
r.ished for housekeeping: stove; yard; $4.
POST. VZi — 3 or 4 rooms for housekeeping: fur-
nished or unfurnished; one newly furnlshel
tront room.
POST. 972—4 newly furnished housekeeping
rooms, with bath: call 1-3 or 7-6 p. m. '
f?TOCKTON. 1307— Nice furnished rooms for
housekeeping; rent cheap.
THIRD. 233 — Central location: sunny furnished
housekeeping; rooms: also double and single
rooms, nlceljr burnished; transient solicited.
VAN NESS. 400—3 connecting well-furn. sunny
rooms; tubs, yard; NE. cor. private entrance.
CLASSIFIED advertisements -and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1094
Valencia st. .
ROOMS TO LET — Font, and Unfurn.
ANY person desiring board, board and room,
furnished and unfurnished rooms, furnished
and unfurnished apartments, furnished and
unfurnished flats; housekeeping rooms, houses
furnished and unfurnished, please call "And
examine our list: we have largest and most
satisfactory selection ln the city; we make
no charge for services, tel. Red 2334. Elder
Rental Information Liureau, €36 Market st.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth— Rooms 25c
to $1 per night; $1 Z> to $5 per week, and light
housekeeping ; open all night.
rsARTLETT. 414— 2 sunny connecting; unfur-
nished rooms, with elnk and bath.
BURNETT. 142« Market (old No. 1364)- Fur-
r.lshed rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
IJVEH, tSd <Tne Elk}— Nicely furnished sunny
rms; day, 25c up; wk. $1 50 up. Mrs. P. Ranft.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
jumished funny rooms; prices reasonable.
DEVIEADERO, M». Cor. McAllister — Choice
furnished roo— s. -
ELEVENTH. 120-A large light front and back
parlor, unfurnished; reference.
I-'ELL. 110 — Two newly furnished rooms; private
ftrr.iljr; rent reasonable.
rRANKLIN MS— Newly furnlehed sunny front
alcove rooms with bath; S minutes' walk
from City Hall. „ ;
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral' this day
(Sunday). ¦ at 2 o'clock, from Odd Fellows'
Hall, where services. will be held under the
auspices of Germanla Lodge No. 116, I. O.
O. F. Cremation I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
Please omit flowere. Remains at the funeral
parlors of H. F. Maass. 917 Mission street.
KELLY— In this city. December 13. 1900. James
Kelly, a native of Ireland, aged 65 years. - -
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(CJr Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Mondav), at 9 o'clock, from her late resl-
¦ dence, 207 Gough street, thence to Sacred
1 Heart Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvarr Cemetery.
HOLLAND— In this city, December 15, 1900.
Winnie Holland, a native of Ireland, aged
60 years. •
E7" Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains at
the parlors cf • James . Hagan. 445 1 Valencia
street.
HUNT— In Fresno. December 15, 1900, James
S. Hunt, a native of Brunswick, Me., aged
' 74 years.
Of^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Craig & Cochran Company, 22 Mint ave-
nue, San Francisco.
JACKSON— In this city. December 15. 1900,
Henry Jackson, a native of Virginia, aged 53
years. — I
JENKINS— In this city, December 15. 1900, Al-
t»rt Leslie Jenkins, Infant son of S. C. and
Addle Jenkins, a native of San Francisco,
aged 2 years 2 months and. 15 days.
KABCHELB-In this city. * December 14, 1900,
Michael Kaechele, dearly beloved husband of
Louise Kaechele. and father of Mrs. New-
house and Louise and Freda Kaechele. a na-
tive of Grabenstetten. Wurtemberg. Germany,
aged 63 years 9 months and 15 days. A mem-
ber of Germanla Lodge No. 116. I. O. O. F..
and California Stamm No.. 70, -U. O. R. M. '
tC^Friends and acquaintances are respecc-
fully Invited to attend tho funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1S6 Twenty-eighth street, thence to St.
Paul's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing: at 9 o'clock. . Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. '•¦
HERRON— In this city, December 14, 1900,
Sarah L. Herron, beloved wife of the late
Thomas W. Herron, mother of Thomas H.
Herron and Mrs. Emma Shapter. and sister
of Henry and Martin Besby, a native of
Athewrey, County Galway, Ireland, aged 62
years. (New York papers please copy.)
nfj^Remalns at the mortuary chapel of the
Golden Gate Undertaking Company, 2425 Mis-
sion street, near Twenty-flrEt.
HEALEY— In this city, December 14, 1900, Dan-
iel J., dearly beloved husband of Cella Hea-
ley (nee Horuan), dearly .beloved father of
Raymond Healey, beloved son of Mrs. John
Wohlers, and beloved brother, of D. J. Hea-
ley and Mra. Nellie Kelleher, a native of
New York, aged 31 years and 6 months.
IC^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1802 Laguna street. Interment private.
HARRINGTON'— In this city. December 15. 1900.
Ann ¦ Harrington, a native of Ireland.
(ET Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 3447 Xlnetecnth street, thence to Mis-
sion Dolores Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul; commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
HALLER— In this city, December 14, 1900,
Marie C. Haller, beloved mother of Mrs. Ida
' C. Parker ar.d Pauline W. and E. Louise
Haller, and grandmother of Leon B. Parker,
a native of Wurtemberg, Germany, aged 63
years 6 months and 16 days.
Cy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from Mission Masonic
Temple, 2666 Mission street, between Twenty-
second and Twenty-third, under the auspices
of Mission Lodge Xo. 169. F. and A. M. In-
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
FLETT— In this city. December 14, 1900. Wil-
liam Flett. a native of Scotland, aced C.1
years.
OXyRemalns at th« parlors of J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co., 767 Mission street. '
GRIFFIN— In this city. December 14. 1900,
Warren, beloved con of F. M. and Margaret
Grlffln, and brother of Dr. C. F. and Lutle
Griffin, a native of Vallejo, Cal., aged 20
years 5 months and 9 days. (Vallejo papers
pleaee copy.) ;
M. 1JEVY, Financial Secretary.
DAVID— In this city, December 14. 1900, Cap-
tain George W., beloved husband of Harriet
F. David, la^e a member of Alna Lodge No.
43, Damariscotta, Me., a native of Maine,
aged 55 years and 4 months.
CXFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, at St.
Peter's Church, Twenty-fourth and Alabama
streets. Interment private. Please omit
flowers. Remains at the funeral parlors of
Bunker & Lunt,. 2666 Mission street. Mission
Masonic Temple.
DARAY— In this city. December 14. 1900. Louis
Daray, beloved son of Mrs. C. Daray. and
brother of Mrs. Emma Larcher, Mrs. Marie
E. Errst and Angele Daray, a native of Xew
Orleans, aged 39 years and 10 days.
COURT GOLDEN ERA No. 36. F. of A.— The
officers and members are hereby notified to
attend the funeral of our brother, Louis
Daray, this day (Sunday), at 12 o'clock, from
our hall, Pythian Castle. 909 Market street.
Bj' order of
CHARLES ASH.. Chief Ranger.
C7" Friends and acquaintances are respect--
fully Invited to attend the funeral .services
this day (Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock', at the
Bethany Cor.sretf-atlonal Church, Bartlett
street,, between Twenty-fifth and Twenty-
sixth. Interment private.
D'ARCY— In this city, December 13. 1900, Mary
Agnes, beloved wife of William H. d'Arcy,
daughter of Mrs. Elizabeth K. Fredricks, and
sister of George, Arthur K., William D. and
Elizabeth L. Fredricks and Mrs. John S.
Drew, a native of New York, aged 29 years
6 months and 15 days.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of Porter & White, 122 Eddy street In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
CROSETT— In this city, December 13, 1900.
Elizabeth Dorrance, beloved wife of the latf
James L. Crosett, and mother of Mrs. Horace
D. Ranlett, James F. and Edward F. Crosett
and the late Mrs. Sarah E. Perry and A. A.
Crosett, a native of West Killlngton, Conn.,
aged 76 years and 4 months. (Grass Valley
papers please copy.)
C^Friendg and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1170 Ellis street. Interment private.
Please omit flowers.
BERTELSEN-In the City and County Hospi-
tal, December 15, 1900. Ivar Bertelsen. a na-
tive of Denmark, acred 45 years.
BROWN— In this city. December 15, 1900, Han-
nah M. Brown, mother of Mrs. Laura J.
Parkin, a native of Jefferson, Me., aged Si
years 2 months and 8 days.
BURKE— In this city. December 14. 1900. Mar-
garet, beloved wife of the late John Burke,
and mother of James F. Burke. Mrs. Richard
Cardiff and the late Mrs. M. Hainque. Mrs.
L. Boudin and John Burke Jr., a native of
the city of Galway. Ireland, aged 83 years.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the runeral this day
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 863 Folsom street, between .Fifth and
Sixth, thence to St. Patrick's Church for
services at 1 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
- vary Cemetery.
CARET— In the City and County Hospital, De-
cember 15. 1900, Celina M. Caret, a native of
France, aged 40 years.
CASSINNA— In the City and County Hospital.
December 15. 1800, Mary Caeslnna, a native
of Italy.
CORNELIUS— In this city, December 14, 1900,
Lillian A., infant daughter of Louis F. and
Annie Cornelius, a native of San Francisco,
a^ed 14 days.
CRANDALL— In this city, December 14, 1900, at
the residence of her daughter, Ida F. Green.
2S10 Lajruna Btreet, Mao* G. Crandall, aged
67 years.
IC7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1012 Florida street, thence to St.
Peter's Church for services at 2 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BARBIER— In this city, December 10. 1900, Ar-
mand, husband of the late Katherine Bar-
bier, and father of Alfred. Howard ami
Lorena Barbier and the late Mrs. H. F.
Emeric, a native of New York, aged 6S years
3 months and 27 days.
ADLER— In this city, December 14, 1900, Moses
Adler, late of Eureka, Nev., a native of Po-
land, aced 89 years.
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
A. W. Martin & Co., IIS Geary street. Inter-
ment Home of Peace Cemetery, by 11:30
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets. . » -
ALEXANDER— In the City and County Hospi-
tal, December 15, 1900, Matthew R. Alexander,
a native of Arkansas, aged 28 years.
AMBROSE— In this city, December 14. 1900.
Mary J., beloved wife of Edward Ambrose,
and mother of Florence, Arthur E.. Harriet
J. and Isebel Ambrose, a native of San Fran-
cIbco, aged 46 years 10 months and 24 days.
DIES. ' V
Adler. Moses Kaechele, Michael
Alexander, Matthew Kelly, James ',
Ambrose. Mary J. Kelly. John H.
Barbler. Armand Kenna, Maggie
Bertelsen, Ivar KUer, Katie
Brown, Hannah M. Lewln, Esther
Burke. Margaret Matthews. Charles
Caret. Celina M.' Moynlhan. Laurenoe
Casslnna, Mary Pallies. Kllsa
Cornelius. Lillian A. Parker, Mary ' •*¦ ¦ ¦
Crandall. Mary O. Percy, George W.
Crosett. Elizabeth D. Quick. William J.
D'Arcy. Mary A. . Rablln. William
Daray.. Louis Raymond. John P.
David, Capt. Geo. W. Roberts. Capt. M. R.
Flett, William Roes, John H.
Grifnn. Warren Schroth. Martha
Haller. Marie C. Schultz. Carl A. P.
Harrington. Ann Schwarz. *tlchard C.
Healey, - Daniel J. Bevening. Henry
Herron. Sarah L. Smith. Alexander
Holland. Winnie Toumy, Julius
Hunt. James S. Walen. Thomas M. "
Jackson. Henry White. John C. !
Jenkins. Albert L._ Wingerter. Milton W.
(ETFuneral services will be held to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, at her late residence,
10C5 Geary street. Interment private. •.•
CCTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this dav
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 904 Washington street, corner of Stock-
ton. Interment private In Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery. Please omit flowers.
ROSS— In the City and County Hospital. De-
" cember 14, l?0O, John II. Floss, a native of
New York, aged S4 years.
SCHKOTH— In this city, Martha, beloved wife
of Charles Schroth, and mother of Mrs. J. C.
B. Hebbard. Mrs. Byron Mauzy, Mrs. Her-
mann Young and John F.. William J.,- Alice,
Florence and Charles A. Schroth, a. native of
• London. England, aged 62 years. ¦ .
JtyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of Bunker & Lunt. 2656 Mission street,
between Twenty-second and Twenty-third,
Mission Masonic Temple. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
ROBERTS— In this city, December 18, 1900, at
his residence, 904 Washington street. Captain
Martin R. Roberts, husband of Mary E. Rob-
erts, and fatfier of Mrs. Henry K. Moore and
Martin K. Jr. and Theodore Roberts, a native
of England, aged 80 years 2 months and 10
days. (New York papers please copy.)
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
of William F. Mlehell. 38 Chenery street, near
Thirtieth, thence by electric funeral car to
Mount Olivet Cemetery.
RAYMOXD— At Van Slckels Island, Cal., De-
cember 13, 1800, John P., beloved husband of
Sarah C. Raymond, and father of Fletcher.
William H.. Elisabeth II.. Beverly. J. P. Jr.
and Katherina M. Raymond, a native of Nev.'
Hampshire, aged 73 years.
E^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sundey). at 1:30 o'clock, from Red Men'?
Hall. 320 Post street, under the auspices of
Winnemucca Tribe. No. 61, Impd. O. R. M.
Members of Pickwick Lodge No. 259, Sons of
St. George, members of • Loyal California
Lodge Xo. 7005, I. O. O. F. M. U., and mem-
. bers of Mariposa Lodge No. 205, K. of P..
please take notice. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery. Remains at James Hagan's un-
dertaking parlors, 445 Valencia street.
RABLIN— In this city. December 14, 1900. Wil-
liam Rablln, beloved husband of Lavinla
Rablln, a native of Cornwall. England, • aged
68 years 7 months and 6 days.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
this dey (Sunday), at 3 o'clock, at his late
residence, 318 Boulevard Terrace, Oakland.
TECHNICAL Society of the Pacific Coast-
Members are notified that the funeral of the
late president, G. W. Percy, will take place
this day (Sunday), at 3 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of the family, 31S Boulevard Terrace,
Oakland. •
QUICK— In this city. December 8. 1900. Wil-
liam J. Quick, a native of England, aged 50
years.
C^ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 11 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of the Pacific Undertakers, 777 Mis-
sion street. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
PERCY— In Oakland, December 14. 1900. sud-
denly, of heart disease, Georgre W., beloved
husband of Emma Clarke Percy, and father
of Isabel, Arthur, Ernest and Carmen Percy,
a native of Bath, Me., aged 63 years 6 months
and 9 days.
(CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 3S13 Telegraph avenue, corner of
Thirty-eighth street, thence to the Church oi
the Sacred Heart. Fortieth and Grove streets.
Interment private.
PARKER— In this city. December 14. 1900.
Mary, beloved wife of George Parker, daugh-
ter of Patrick McGulre, and sister of Thomas
and Frank McGulre. a native of San Fran-
cisco. a«ed 24 years and 13 days.
Pallies (nee Lomory), beloved wife 'of Alex-
ander Pallies, a native of France, aged 48
years 2 months and 9 days.
J. C. SCOTT, Recorder.
JIOYXIHAX- In this city. December 13. 19flO.
Laurence, beloved husband of Abble Moynl-
han. and father of Xora T., Lizzie J., Hum-
phrey B. and Daniel J. Moynlhan, a native
of Ireland, aged 78 years and 6 months.
ICTThe funeral will take place this day
{Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 609 Fell street, thence to Sacred Heart
Church, where a requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commencing
at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery.
tnyFriends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Monday), at 8:30
o'clock, from his late residence. S86 San Jcse
avenue, thence to St. James Church, corner
of Twenty-third and Guerrero streets, where
a requiem high mass will be said for the re-
pose of his soul at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery, by carriage.
OFFICERS and members of Noe Valley Lodge
No. 1S3, A. O. U. W. : You are requested
to attend the funeral of our late brothe*-,
' Charles F. Matthews, from his late residence.
3 E 6 San Jose avenue, to-morrow (Monday), at
8:30 o'clock. T. AHERX, Master Workman.
PTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral service*
this day (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, at the par-
lors of Henry Evers, S05 'Washington street,
Oakland. Interment Mountain View Ceme-
tery.
LEWIN-In Berkeley, December 15, 1900. Es-
ther, beloved daughter of Jacob and Theresa
Lewln. and aister of Isidor and Victor Lewln,
agred B years and 22 days.
MATTHEWS— In this city, December 15, 1900,
Charles, beloved husband of Teresa Matthews,
and beloved father of Laura and Maud Mat-
thews, a native of Canada. A member "of
No* Valley Ledge No. 185. A. O. U. W.
CyNotlce of funeral hereafter.
KLIER— In Contra Costa. December 14. 1900,
Katie, beloved wife of Henry Kller, a na-
tive of Germany, aged 44 years.
(Monday), from the Chapel of the Passion,
attached to St. Mary's Hospital, where a sol-
- emn requiem mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 8 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by 10:40
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets. "-.v; :. :
KELLY— In this d'ty. December 15, 1900, John
Henry, beloved husband of Pearl. A. Kelly,
lather of Margaret, Bruce, Irving and Fred
Kelly, and brother of Rose I* Kelly and Mrs.
M. Thompson, a native of San Francisco,
aged 40 years and 6 months. (San Luis
Obispo and San Jose papers please copy.)
CyRemaiua at the funeral - parlors of
Charles H. Jacob & Co., 31S Mason street,
between O'Farrell and Geary. Xotice of fu-
neral hereafter.
KEXXA— In this city. December 15, 1900. Mag-
gie Kenna, beloved daughter of Patrick and
the late Anna .Kenna, and sister of Xellie
and Mamie Kenna, Mrs. Annie Moore and
John and William Kenna, a native of San
Francisco, aged 24 years 7 months and 4 days.
SCHULTZ— At Tountville Veterans" Home, Carl
' August Peter Schultz (went under the as-
sumed name of George Filbert sine* 18S0), a
native of Prussia, ' aged 60 years.
SCHWARZ— ln this city, December 15, 1900.
Richard C. B. Schwarx, beloved husband of
Minnie Schwarz, . a native of Stettin. Ger-
many, aged 54 years. A member of Golden
Gate Lodsre No. 30, F. and A. M. ;' Golden
Gate Ixtdge No. 204, I. O. O. F., and Oriental
Kncampment No. 57, I. O. O. F.
CTXotlce of funeral hereafter. Remains at
the parlors of Theo. Dteks, 6G7 Mission street.
BEVENING — In Alameda, December 15, 1900,
Henry Sevenlnif, beloved father of Mn.
Frank Miller, Mrs. Franz Colllschon and Miss
Alma Sevenlnff, a native of Germany, aged
C7 years « months and 7 days. <r
CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from the Masonic
Temple, Alameda. Interment Mountain View
Cemetery. ""
SMITH— In thin city. December 15, 1900. Alex-
ander, beloved husband of Thirza Smith and
father of Ethel I., Edith E.. Dr. S. H. and
"William A. Hmlth, Mrs. R. E. Gibson anJ
Mrs. A; F. Bridge, a native of Belfast. age<3
71 years.
funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday), at 11 o'clock, from the> family resi-
dence, 427 Ellis street. -Interment private.
Please omit flowers.
TOURXT— In this city. December 14, 1900 Ju-
lius Tourny. a native of Germany, aged 12
ypars 8 months and 4 "days/ v
E7"Notice of funeral hereafter.
WALSH— In this city, December 14. 1900
Thomas M. Walsh, beloved husband of Mary
Walsh, father of Thomas Walsh. Mrs. J. Hur-
. ley, Nora and John Walsh and Mrs. K. I'etty,
and uncle of Miss McDermott, a native of
County Cork,, Ireland, aged 63 years and 4
months. ,
j (t/rrlendR and acquaintances and members
of the Pacific Coast Marine Firemen's Union
are respectfully Invited to attend the .funeral
to-morrow (Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from
his late residence, 612 Xatoma street, betwaen
Se\ - enth and Eighth, thence to St. Joseph's
Church, where services will be held at 10
•o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
WHITE— In 'Mono County.' November 19, 1900,
John Campbell, beloved husband of Helen M.
AVhite, father of Mrs. D. H. Deatcr and Roy
S. White, and eldest son of Ama' A. and the
late John <?. White. - a ¦ native of St. John.
N. B., aged 51 years 4 months and 2$ days.
WIXGERTER«-In this city, December 14, 1900,
Milton Walter, beloved son of Herman and
Emma M. Wlngerter. a native of California,
aged 9 mepths.
[C Funeral this day (Sunday), at Z
o'clock, from the residence of his parents, 842
Alvarado street. Interment private, Cypres*
Jjawn Cemetery, by carriage. *
Write for our new illustrated catalogue.
129 Kearny. Street
Art Department
Genuine Bronze
The assortment of bronze
goods consists of ornaments suit-
able for parlor cabinets and fav-
ors, statuettes with onyx bases
for ornamental purposes, also
with polished bronzed bases for
letter seals; bronze clocks, vases,
bowls, card receivers, smoker and
writing sets, paper weights and
ash trays in endless variety at
popular prices;
Art Glassware
The styles and shapes shown
in Tiffany ware, opal crystal and
Lonhuda giassware, plain and
silver decorated are exquisite and
must be seen to be fully appre-
ciated.
Smoker Sets
Smoker sets consisting of a
cigar receiver,match holder, cigar
cutter and ash tray, made of
bronze, nickle, leather or glass at
prices from 53.85 to 48.50 a set.
Clocks and Canctelabra
. Sets
Clocks and two candelabra in
bronze mounted on onyx, Dresden
or bronze with Dresden orna-
mental figures at prices from
$13.25 up to 64.50 a set.
Card Receivers
Hand painted Dresden china
card receivers with bronze orna-
ments and standards, dark bronze
and polished nickle receivers,
also an assortment of small bronze
receivers in medallion effects and
oblong shapes at prices from
$7.50 to 32.50 each.
Leather Novelties
Imported leather novelties, at
popular prices, among which are
Leather case and glasses 35c to 75c
Case arid thimbles 35c
Ink wells and case 65c to $2.25
Picture frames $1.25 to £4.25
Work boxes $ 1 .oc to S^ 1 . 50
Men's pocket companions 50c to $1.65
Smoking sets $5.25 to $8.25
Ornamental Baskets
We have them trimmed and
untrimmed in a large variety of
shapes, weaves and colors, suit-
able for office, photograph, waste
paper, work baskets, nursery
and baby hamper baskets at
prices varying from 75c to
nings Until
Glove orders make convenient,
desirable and acceptable gifts.
If gloves are not desired the order
will be accepted at any depart-
ment in the store at any time.
Open Eye
Glove Orders
A large variety of neck girdles
in gold and silver effects which
are very stylish this season,
prices from 75c to $1.50 each.
Fichues of lace, chiffon or lib-
erty silk in all colors from $2.00
to 10.00 each.
Solid chenille neck ruffs in
hlack, cream, tan and gray from
S5.00 to 18.00 each.
The assortment of ladies' neck-
wear imported by us for the
Christmas season comprises all
the newest and best French ideas.
Ladies' Neckwear
Sterling silver combs and brush
sets in silk lined boxes of various
designs at different prices.
In our sterling silverware de-
partment We are showing a large,
collection of beautiful articles
appropriate for Christmas pres-
ents. Following are some of the
articles and some of the prices ;
all the silver is guaranteed 925-
1000 fine :
Sewing Wax 05c Curling Irons 5 -75
Hat fins 35c Stocking Darners .75
Emcrys 35c Dressing Combs .90
Moustache Combs 50c 1 Buffers .95
Na ; l files 56c Match Boxes" 1.00
Shoe Horns 50c I- at-rim Brushes 1. 00
Tooth Brushes 50c Glove Stretchers 1 . 50
Salve Jars 50c Whisk Brooms 1.5%
Pocket Knives 50c Bonnet Brushes 1.50
Pen Holders 60c Hat Brushes *-75
Pencil lops 60c Hair Brushes a. 7 5
Scissors 60c Hand Mirrors 5.75
In this department will be
found all f e latest ideas in purses,
combination purse and card case,
letter cases, chatelaines, shopping
bags, grips, suit cases, music
rolls, etc.
Sterling'.Silver Novelties
Sterling silver-mounted com-
bination pocket book' and card
case in different leathers -in
black ana colors at
90c, 51.25, 1.75, up tc i2.5oeach.
Plain combination pocket book
and card case, in various leathers
in black and colors at '
85c $1 .00, 1.25 up to 6.00 each.
Leather Goods
Useful
Christmas
Our assortment is most com-
plete in artistically finished pil-
lows in a great variety of designs
and colorings, tinted, embroidered
painted and etched on satin de
jean, satin, silk poplin, canvas,
linen and art ticking; some are
finished with cord while others
have one, two and three ruffles,
prices ranging from $2.50 to
25.00 each.
Sofa Pillows
A good quality of boys' all
wool sweaters with rolling collars
in navy and cardinal, at $1.50
each.
Boys' Sweaters
A complete assortment of
ladies' silk waists and skirts in
all colors for street and evening
wear, nicely made in all this
seasons latest styles at prices
varying from $4.25 to 55.00
each.
Ladies' eiderdown dressing
sacques, plain, satin bound,
appliqued and silk embroidered
from £1.00 to 7.50 each.
Silk Waists and Skirts
Dressing Gowns
Ladies' eiderdown dressing
robes with yokes and Eton
effects, plain, appliqued and silk
embroidered in all colors from
$4.50 to 18.75 each.
A " complete assortment of
men's bath robes made of good
qualities of blanket cloth, eider-
down and Turkish crash at prices
ranging from $4.50 to 15.00
each.
Bath Robes
Imported pure silk woven
shawls in red, blue, pink, black,
white and cream from f, 4.75 to
£7.75 each.
AH wool, crocheted or woven
shawls in all colors and sizes at
prices ranging from 45c to $5.00
each. >-:
Ladies' Shawls
Ladies' slippers, hand made of
the best quality of Germantown
wool, in all shades, with fleece-
lined soft leather soles at Si.cb a
pair; also men's slippers, made
of the best quality of castor wool
with fleece-lined soft leather soles
at $1.75 a pair.
Crocheted Slippers
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
SELECT family hotel; new Interior: three spe-
cial dinners weekly; rates to establish. £07
California st.
ALWAYS bargains In typewriters: any mak=.
Write for prices to L. & M. ALEXANDER,
110 Montgomery st. "
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We
sell better machines for less money than any
house ln the city; rentals, *3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 536 California; telephone Main 266.
tSuccessor to Flannacan & Gallagher)
DANIEL F. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3.
to Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
'Telephone South SO. ¦•-¦> ~
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
jffyf-r A- Christmas
'{& gift that helps to beau- \
g f tify, comfort and cheer the \
£, home is a gift the whole \
h family can appreciate for time 1
|fc to come; it's a sensible, iff
lH economical and worthy MB
gift, and we have the II '
X yS. K»fts you outfht to Jff
IB' are full of eoods. all \
Mm priced in print — Rugs, . }\
|| Portieres, Curtains. Lac ell
it Door Panels,' Carpets. ¦¦
%1 Table Covers. You are. gjj
\\ always welcome la
I S chluetei: \
• 215-217 Sutter -a'fcoveKearnT.Jr. jXEW YORK. Dec. 15.— The weekly state
ment of averagM of the Associated Banks
shows: Loans $792,766,000. decreased $1J.€R7.5OO:
deposits $S42.4«S.l«0. decreased $1S.37«,600; circu
lation $30,724,000. Increased t!I6.100; legal ten
ders J33.JK7.100. Increased $l,17»,200; specie $157,
(£3,200, decreased $;. 149. 1P0; total reeerre $216,
9SI.40O, decreased tS.M9,J00; reserve reQulre
ment« $210,677,025, decreased $4,S94,153; gurplus
reserve $6,525,375. Increased $524,230.
Th* Financier nays: Through the familiar
operations of a heavy contraction in loans.
which reduced deposit liabilities and thus less
ened cash reserve requirements, the New York
clearing house banks last week neutralized the
efler' of a heavy drain of funds and even suc
ceeded tn adding slightly to their surplus cash.
This showing was unexpected and Instead of
an unfavorable statement the banks- mado a
strong exhibit. The chief feature is the $13.
6T.2 ?* decrease In loans, with one or two ex
certions the heaviest of Uw y**r. It _ U
Provisions were dull and steady, but Innocent
of features In a speculative' way. Prices held
mainly because there was no pressure on the
market. January pork and ribs closed 2isc
lower, and ribs closed a shade depressed.' •
The leading, futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
i Wheat No. 2-
December "0 70H 65>i 70H
: January 70H 70\ 70*» 70'-i
May 73H 73H 73H 73Vi
i Corn Xo. 2 —
December 37 37H '87 37**
January ." *5% 33H 15% 3514
May .......;........ 36 36H 35H K«4
Oat« Xo. 2—^. '¦
Dt-cember --•• .... .... 21%
May I--- 23% 23% 23H 23^
I M»s« Pork, per barrel—
Januarj ...........13 23.. 12 30 12 25 12 25
May .....:.... 12 15 12 17^ 12 12^4 12 Ity,
I^ard. per 100 pounds — • .. •
IVcember 7 20 7 20 7 15 ' 7 17'i
January ."..........» 90 SSO 6 «7i» - • «7>»
May ....../:...« 05 8 95 6 92'i C 9.'4
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
January .. ...6 23 « 27'J 6 25 '6 25
May.... .....625 6 37' a 6 324 « 35
Th© oata market maintained Its reputation
for bullishness. May closed a shade lower at
23Hc.
Corn was no more inclined to the strenuous
life than its neighbors. The market ruled dull,
turning weak at the close. . May closed Ho
lower at 35%c.
CHICAGO, Dec. 15.— Wheat waj stagnant.
May opened unchanged at 73«4c, selling between
73H@73Hc and closing unchanged at 73'ic. The
news received and statistics posted were of. a
character barely sufficient to cause a rippte
on the placid speculative waters. Cables and
receipts were influential neither one way nor
the other. In the absence of Important Infor
mation, therefore, traders preferred ¦ to- play
even until the passing; of the holiday season
gives them an opportunity to start the new
year untrammeled by contingencies which
mi-jht arise during the Christina*' and New
Year cessation of business. That there Is a
fairly strong undertone to the market, was
made evident to many by the failure of the
market to respond to the corn .decline. ¦
Chicago Grain Market.
Bid. Ask. I Bld.Ask.
Alpha 03 . 05 Justice oj aj
Alta '.... OS' K K»ntuck ....... 01 03
Andes 09 «10Lady Waah.... — 03
Belcher 14 15 'Mexican 31 33
Best h. Belcher 27 2S, Occidental 04 06
Bullion 02 M'Ophlr «8 o
Caledonia 47 43*O\-erman W 12
Chollar 15 KlPotosl 12 X4
Challenge Con. 21 . 23 Savage ......... 06 07
Confidence ..... 53 60 Pcorpion — 04
Con Cal & V&..1 45 1 SOtSeg Belcher.... 03 04
COn Imperial... — -Oil Sierra Nevada. 30 .31
Con New York. 01 — ISHver Hill .-47 49
Eureka Con — 35 St. Louis .10
Crown Point... 11 13 Standard .......3 20 3 23
Exchequer ....> — 03 Syndicate — 10
Gould & Curry. 52 53 Union Con...... 22 24
Hale & Nor.... 20 21|Utah 05 M
Julia — C3 Yellow Jacket.. 21 23
CLOerNG QUOTATIONS.
¦} SATURDAY, Dec. 15—13 m
.', MIKING STOCKS.
The following were the sales In the San Fran
dsco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning: Session.
100 Mexican 32 -300 Syndicate ...... io
50 Mexican — *1
The following were the sales in th» Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
•»¦?.•. Morning Session. /
600 Beat * Belcher 2*1 200.Ophlr n
200 Con Cal & Va..l 50 21» Potoal 13
200 Mexican 32i 300 Savage c*
200 Ophlr .........:. 66 2C0 Savage... OS
200 Ophlr ........... «•! 300 Union Con.....;' zl
Hay continues easy with liberal supplies.
Feedstuff s are as before quoted. ,
BRAN-U4 &O«1S ''80 per ton.
. MIDDLINGS— $18 B0©19 50 per ton.
FEEDSTCFFS— Rolled Barley. $16317 pei
ton: Oilcake -Meal- at the mill. $25@2<: jobbing,
J26'«0; Cocoanut Cake. $17018;; Corn Meal. J26©
16 M: Cracked Corn, iit 50027; Mixed Feed, |1S
&l<- -" i""l"TrifTll|ll "jUIbWMIIIHIiiUmiiiiu imn
. HAT— Volunteer, $3g8; Wheat, $11813 90;
Hay; and * Feedstuff si,
The Belgian King took out a Iargre invoice
of 31.410 bbls of Flour for China and Japan.
FLOUR-7-Callfornta Family Extras. . $3 25^
S 60. uaru« terms; Bakers' Eixtras. " $3 li-gS 25:
Oreson," ; *2 75®2 85 per barrel for family and
$2 7503 for bakers' ; Washington, bakers',
MILLSTUFFS— Prices' In sacks are as rol
low«, usual discount ;. to -. the trade: Graham
Flour. •« per 100 lbs;;. Rye Flour. $2 75; Rye
Meal, A 60; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $2 75;
extra cream do, $3 50; Oat Groats, $4 60; Hom
iny, : $3 60^3 75; Buckwheat Flour, $4fi4 25;
Cracked Wheat, S3 80; . Farina, $1 60:- Whole
Wheat Flour, W 25: Rolled Oats (barrels). iS@
7 25; in sacks, $5 75®7; v Pearl Barley. $6; Spl)t
Peas. |5; Green Peas, $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
WHEAT— News from the Eastern and foreign
markets is scarce as the. wires are down more
or lees all over the State. .. Hence, . In the ab
sence of advices there 1» nothing doing In the
local market. ¦•A'. ¦'.*¦,
Spot Wheat-Shipping, 97Hc; milling. U «2tf
©1 06 per ctl.
CALL. BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 8:15 o'clock— Xo sale*.
Second 6e»slon-May-<000 ctls. $1 M^.
Regular Morning/ Session-May— 2000 - ctls,
J104&: 10.«00. $104%.
BARLEY— Previous prices rule, with a dull
Feed ' 75c for choice bright. 72%c for Xo. 1
and 67V4«g70c for oft grades; Brewing and Ship
ping grades. 77H6S2Hc: Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No aalea.
Becond Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
'OATS— The market continues, very strong,
black descriptions being especially stiff. White.
SI 30451 50; Surprise.' nominal: Red. $1 2501 4» for
feed and $1 35igl 45 for seed; Gray, nominal:
Black, lor feed, Jl 15(81 20; for seed, $1 25®1 30
Pe cORN'-CallfornIa Yellow. U 1531 20; Call
fornla White. $1 10®l 15; Eastern mixed. $1 12V4
<B1 15 per«tl. ' N - - .
RYE— S5«iS7 1 /ic per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT-<3uoted at'fl 75©2 p«r ctl.
Wheat and Other Grants.
. Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling ExchaBti*,. 60 days — $4 81H
Sterling. Exchange, eight — 4 85V4
Sterling 'Cables ..../.'....'. — 4 86ti
New York Exchange. rSUfht — 6'*
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 74
Fine Silver,- per ounce — 64V»
Mexican Dollars, nominal COtt 0 61
uctil;4rftEr the publication of the bank state
rr< r.t that the advance assumed importinee
ari tJ:e market became very animated and
tro&d. The demar'l and raoet substantial
pt'.rs were made in the Pacifies. St. Paul. Su
*far, Atchisons and Bnv>kJrrt Transit. Union
Pacific and Northern Pacific ruled at about
I*.r:ty until Just before the close, when ex
c'ted buying of the latter rushed it up to
7 F1 s. compared with 72 T « at yesterday's rlose.
"! be earlier heavtr.f-ss of the st*el stocks was
Cispallcd and they closed with small gains,
left off with buying very confi-
Crr.z ar.d the tendency up«-ard.
All tbe world look* to January 1 as th» au-
Bvt) ff'tttemest period for collection and for
rayment*. At no other time of. the year is so
r; u<-h money ne»<!e<l for exchange and such
Urm demand* made for credits. Thoee who
hav<. their own r»ourc*i a.va.llai>le. whil«f not
firt.-ve bidder* for loans, reduce the available
*T*-iits by pmttlnj th«lr money to their own
°jr«>. ' which might otberwise be available for
:.r J ..njr. The turn of the obligation to b«
met «->n January 1 r*«t In the VTnited State*
:« greater than e\-er before. A large proportion
c! these obligation Is for Interest and dlri
fifofll all sorti of feoxrities. representing
m. dfrtribution of earnings from profitable
t?usir,e*». The iaet that the rum Is the largest
this year In the country'* hutory 1» therefore
COBChUtT* proof of the country's prosperity,
but the fact 1* net altered that this process
r( <!i«burs»ment of earnings and profi'* makes
c r j!T»fp"r!'i;!it requirements on all the vast and
explicated machinery of exchange »nd money.
'"b<? special bearing cf this condition on the
Ktock rserket r.es ir. the fact that the capi
tcilsM choose to place loar.s for use in specu
lating in sticks only after eiery other form
cf demand for money ha# been fully supplied.
It !•' net *trar-«re. therefore, that the vtock
B trket S» keenly eenslttve to the showing of
the turrlus reserve Item cf the bar.ks. as the
s-rtr.kage of that Item represents the certain
-Vospect of calling loans and forcing to sale
re<.-uritle« held with the borrowed money.
Naturally or-'.y stock* held for speculation with
t--rcwed nonear are forced to eale at a time
r>"ea a money pinch is in itself an Indication
of "active trade ar.d prosperity. Holders of
siruritiee who ¦ cwn them outright are rather
i-'clined to add to their holding* at «u<-h a
t'me tt«n to part with them, so far a* their
T-.far.i' «-ill allow.
yr-Tf'gn holdir.ps Bf American tccuritle* ar*
r>i *nuph reduced that only email offerings
would be exported to be forced home by a
nrney strinseafy «.r.<J there is no fear of erold
Uing drawn ftbfoad unle»* in the event of a
fxnvu'.slon in foreign money markets. The mar
l^t'or railroad bends has been active and broad
the week and rriees are hirher on the
failed Platen n-w 2s advanced >»
er>d 2* 3 i P*t cent over tbe call price of a
¦ruV SfO
XEVT YORK STOCK Zf ST.
«..V4 Atchison - «-*»
J - Af-hisor. rrefd *»•
9JW Baltimore & Ohio KH
...'...; Canadian Pacific «
1500 Canada Southern
i w* r*hesap*ake A Ohio »W
«>/"-1 Chicajro Oreat Vfe»terir:»... .*¦*
•»¦«*»- ChU*KO. Burlington & Qulno' iw »
1-00 Chicago. Ind & Lou!svi,le 26 l *
' I v. chiragc. Inn 4- Iy)uisxille prefd «1
2n« Chlcaxo & Eastern Ullnois w
! Ctlcato & Northwestern
OAM Ch£ato. R->ck Island A Pacific 1UH
1.STJ0 CCC4 St Louis «7;»
ll.-OO Colorado Pouthern ••¦
4*> Coiftrado Southern 1st prefd «S
.<¦«. Colorado RouthMTi 24 prefd 19'«
2.T.VJ IWatiire & Hudson^.- »2J
5M Delaware. I^ack & Weistem I 1 ** 1 .
:,V<0 Denver & IUo Grande..... vs
' «W Denver & Rio Grande prefd "Vi
\K.XA Erie ":*
sisno nne u<t rrefd r^
«.«•« Grrat *Corth»>ra prefd i*f^i
Hocking Coal J*
3.175 Hocking Valley *-
2M7 Illinois Central 1 J^»
706 Iowa Central *"
lo-o-a Central r"* M *"*
•»*> I«ke Krle A- We-tern...... «
L«*e Erie & Western prefd "2 .
'.-.,<¦ Ph/vre **¦'
i.ano Louisville A N-whville ,?*^
:'.*¦» Manhattan EtevxteJ '••"JiS 1
I >•» Metrotx^litBti .«ti*et Railway l«H
:.'.<v Mexic&a Central "-*
munity of interests Is expected to bring about
mere etab!e. economic conditions and reduce to
& minimum the possibility ofnrte trars. As
far as the rank and file of speculators were
caeeerncd the expe^ation that the much-her
t-'ied pinch in money rates would not be real
¦.7*>-I wa* eufScient to revive the bullish spirit
' btch has been dominant fcr t-.-me time on this
Londcn's response to our buoyant
-• se cf yesterday tras encouraging and during
the course cf the <lay the foreign market bought
T turrit 7Z. r **. f har"». At the epesjac r renounced
f;i£r.ces were made on various stocks, but de
jr^Eicn wa^ noted in others, and it tu not
NETT TORK. Dec IS.— A conx-lction r*!^*'l
gtocati overnight that a speculative outburst
ItaxMltf? as it did. high-grade railroad stocks.
hs1 more eijrsif.c&nce than the apparent lmmi
r» nt re'ief to the money rr.irk»t on the forth
coming enormous disbursements by the Gov
pTT.rner.t and cooorate interests. The i-treet
hf.vtng in mind the successful deal in the an
thracite coal industry was inclined to regard
wttb 'eorne credence the various rumors afloat
s<= t» the absorption cr representation In gov
'¦-rr.ing boards of railroads having favorable
FTograjihical locations. This policy for a com-
New Ycrk Stock Market.
¦WASHINGTON. Dec. 15. — To-day'» statement
of the Treasury balances in the general fund.
exclusive of the «1SO,OQO,OCO gold reserve In the
division of redemption, chows: .Available cash
balance. I133.174.9S1; gold. $97,843,712.
Condition of the Treasury.
NEW TORK. Dee. 15.— Exports of gold and
silver from this port to all countries for this
week and aggregated $928, 2£0 stiver bars and
coin and $7400 gold.
The Imports of specie were $29,717 gold and
J57.W1 stiver. . •
The Imports of dry goods and merchandise
to the port of New Tork for this week were
Movements of Specie.
PEACHES— Peeled. 15g20c; unpeeled, 6S"Sc.
The usual Saturday dullness prevailed In the
market for evaporated apples and prices remain
nominally unchanged on the basis of 4g5c for
State common: prime, 4* 4 l g5 l . 4 c; choice, 5!ig6c,
and fancy, «^7c.
California^dried fruits were Inactive. Prunes
were quoted from 3'i©S^4c per pound, as to size
and quality.
APRICOTS-Royal. 11614c; Moorpark. loflSc.
DRIED FRUITS
WHEAT— Receipts. fiS.OOO; exports, 66.000. Spot
steady: No. 2 red, 7SHc f. o. b. : No. 2 red, 76%c
elevator: No. 1 Northern Duluth, S3He f. o. b.
afloat: No. 1 hard Duluth. S7»»c f. o. b. afloat.
Options opened steady and were sustained
throughout mest of the forenoon by a scarcity
of sellers, steady cables and scattered buying
by local shorts. Closed steady at unchanged
prices. March. 7iU<@73s»c. closed 73t 4 c: May.
7S*»S73 1-16c. closed 7S T »c; December, closed 77c.
¦ HOPS — Quiet: State common to choice, 1900
crop, 16621c; 1S93 crop, llfiloc; old olds, "^Sc;
Pacific Coast. 19C0 crop, liflSc; 1S99 crop, l<>g
14c: old olds, 2S6c.
HIDES— Steady: California. 21^25 pounds, 19
3jl9i*c.
WOOL — Dull; domestic fleece, 2i'<7'36c.
COFFEE— Futures closed steady. Total pales
42.2.V> bags, including: January. *3 f-',*f5 70;
March. 15 S033 S5; May. $5 90@5 95; July $5 S>5«?6.
Spot coffee — Rio. weak; Xo. 7 invoice, 7c nom
inal. Mild, quiet; Cordova. S^ffUUc.
SUGAR— Raw, steady; fair refining, S 23-32c;
centrifugal. 95 test. 4 13-32c: molasses tugar,
3 21-32c: refined, quiet; standard A, 5.4jc: con
fectioners' A, 5.40c: mold A. 5.K5c: cut loaf. 6c;
crushed. 6c; powdered, 5.70c; granulated, 5.60c;
cubfs, 5.75c. N
BI'TTER— Receipts, 2533 packages. Weak;
creamery. 1^25^0; June creamery. l$'g23Vic;
factory, U'iSlGc. I
EOtiS — Iceoeipts, 2S6« packages. Firm: West
ern regular packing at mark, 22'522c; Western,
loss off. 2Sc.
NEW TORK. Dec. 15.—FLOUR— Receipts.
11.435 barrels: exports, 20.000 barrels: inactive
and nominal as to quotations, closing easy. j
New York Grain and Produce.
EASTERN MARKETS.
udy Sunday
San Frarc:sco ar.d viciclty— Clnuflv ?uriay.
»-ith cor-ilticr.s favcrable for occasional liirht
thewers; l:tht southerly winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
Northern California— Lig'-it showers Sunday
ir. northern portion, cloudy in centraJ and fair
ir. Eouthern portion: light southerly winds.
Southcrr. Callfcrr.la— Fair Sunday; light
cprrherly »-ir.iJj:.
' Nevada — Cloudy Pur.aay.
Vtih— C.eudy Sunday, with light rain or
co* :n Dorttaera portion.
The temi^rature has fallen In the San Joa
<;uin Valley: else-where in California there has
been tut little change.
Forecast raa-^e at Fan Francisco fcr SO hours
er.ding midnight. Decersber 1«:
Oiricg to wire trouble reports are missing
from more thaa half the stations en the Pa
ic sicr-e. Frcm the Ilrr.Ited data at hand It
would seem that the storm over the Pacific
Oast ra Friday is now well inland, and prob-
Bbiy tmx Ucr.tSLna.
L::tie ra.ia has fa'len durir.g the past twelve
bcttrj tn Cer.tral ar.d Southern California.
FOREXTAST
fa-. Francisco data: Maximum temperature
fT, ctcimuni 4T, mean E2.
WEATHER CONDITinxp AND GENERAL
(ireth Itirfdian— Pac^Sc Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Dec. 13.— 5 p. m.
T>.e BoCtowtSS are the seasonal rainfalls to
tatt a* ccn:pere<l with those of th- same date
:.i5t s^agen. aad rainfalls In the la«t 24 hours:
Weather Report.
l«ocaJ bar.k c>arir.cs for the past week were
jr Ka.«O, aeainn t21.3S4.7Sl Tor the same week
it year.
Bank Clearings.
W Minneapolis & Pt Louis KT4
4M Minneapolis & Pt Louis prefd 102"-j
14.4.V) Missouri Pacific «S
1.0fO Mobile & Ohio 43t«
Missouri. Kansas & Texas 14 s *
2.K0 Missouri. Kar.fas & Texas prefd.... 4"^
yo New Jersey Central 1454
4.315 New- York CVntnU I42^
2.SC0 Norfolk & \Vestern 43S !
Norfolk iz Western prefd S2
twm Northern Pacific .- 75\
4.WiO Nonhern Pacific prefd $4\i
14.M0 OntaHo & WVrtern 2S'»
Orcron Railway & Navigation 42
Oregon Railway & Nav prefd 76
U.14*> Pennsylvania 143H
26.200 Reading 24* 4 <.
2S.5M Reading 1st prefd C$*« 1
1J.2T1 Readinr 2d rrefd 36'» '
Rio Grande Western 60
Rio Grande Western prefd i*5 j
4,?f>0 Pt Louis & San Francisco 20H |
1.C00 gt Louis & San Fran 1st prefd T5H I
2.SO0 st Louis & San Fran 2d prefd E'Hi i
500 St Loui*. Southwestern IS 7 * •
L"*0 Pt Louis, Southwestern prefd 3s\
S4.12o St Paul 132
St Paul prefd 1W
. 1<V* St Paul <& Omaha 120
24.COO fVjuthem Pacific 4JH I
21.fOO Southern Railway 1* 1
«.»00 Southern Railway prefd 69*,
4,?0(> Texas & Pacific 22 s * :
89.4*1 Union Pacific '* r * j
S.«O fnicn Pacific prefd «:S
2 €30 Wabash "S
IO.SiO Wahash rrcfd 2* 1 *!
S.ino Wheollrg & L, E. UJ4 j
1..,00 Whfelinjr & L E 21 prefd 2S l 4
600 Wisconsin Central 12 l » ,
Third Avenue llj j
LSfX) Baltimore & Ohio prefd WH
l.^'iO National Tube *1\ ,
250 National Tube prefd l R 3Vt ;
Exrr^ss Companies —
Adams I** |
American 1S9
rnitM States *1
W#lls Fargo 137 |
Miscellaneous —
American i^ott^n Oil 31
American Cotton Oil prefd 91
American Malting '. 5 |
American Malting prefd 25 :
S,400*^C!eri<"an Sm»lting: & Ref c4*i |
300 American Pmeltins & Ref prefd r* v * :
American Spirits 2 j
American Spirits prefd IT
LOCO American Bte*l Hoop Sl v i !
American St»el Hoop prefd 774
7.7nn American Pfel & Wire 45 l i
y>0 American Steel & Wire prefd fSH
7.4r.O American Tin Plate 49** 1
Amert'-an Tin Plate prefd ?»^i '
S.940 American Tobacco 1<* T »
American Tobacco prefd 130
LOW Anaconda Mining Co 47
11.6^ Brooklyn Rapid Transit 75i 4
B.JfX) Colorado Fuel A Iron 52'j
l.noo Continental Tobacco S«U
200 Continental Tobacco prefd 90
f> 730 Federal Pteel M
S*f« Federal Steel prefd 7* .
l.^<) General Electric 171*1 j
2"0 Olacos* Sugar 53U j
Glucose Su^ar prefd 100
3.10 International Paper TZ\j
....:.. International Paper prefd "1
Larlede Gas 63 1
200 Natlonat Riscuit 37
National Biscuit prefd 81 1
hm National I>>ad 20-*i ;
410 Nations! Lead rrefd 93*4
2.2» National Pteel 3*4
National Steel prefd 91
New York Air Brake 160
2M3 North American 18 T i
Pacific Coast £9
Pacific Coast 1st prefd 55
Pacifle Coast 2d prefd 65
l.«yy> Pacific Mali , 43
S.WXV People's Gu .......iota;
7.-<0 Pressed Steel Car 50'j
£10 Pressed Steel Car prefd .M
10« Pullman Palace Car 2<X>
lf"0 Standard Rom * Twine 5*4
S.1M X Sugar 1KH
Sugar prefd 115
5.200 Tennessee Coal & Iron «2 s i
570 United States Leather 13»i
£0O Unhfd States Leather prefd 74%»
7.r-ftQ T'nited States Rubber 2S
1.030 t'nited States Rubber prefd srt
L'"« Western I'r.ion SS'i,
l.on Republic Iron & Steel 1Q* 4
415 Republic Iron & Steel prefd «3*4
P C C A Ft Louis... 5<5
4.&70 Amalgamated Copper WH
840,300 Shares sold. ';*•;:•
CLOSING BONDS.
tT P ref 2s t*K 104 ; i X T Cent lsts 109«i
Do coup K5 X J Cent gen 6S...127 1 ,*
U S Ss reg 105 "» .Northern Pac 3s... "O 1 *
L' S 2* coup 110 Do 4s 104*»
C S new 4s rep 12?'* N Y C & St L 4s..lO7»*
V B Dew 4e coup...l3S>4 N * W con 4s 9S«-»
IT S old 4» res 114* 4 Or Nav 1st* 109
L" P old if coup... .11'.** Do 4s 202
C S :s reg ....113H Or Short Line 6s. .129
I* S 5s coup 113' 4 Do con 5s 117
Dl* of Col 3.e3s....i:4'- Reading Gen 4s 93H
Atchison iren 4s 102 R a TV lsts 100%
Do adj 4s M»i ft L i I M con 5s.H3
Canada Sou 2ds....K&*i P L & S F gen ?«..12S
Ches & Ohio 44s. .VH Ft Paul con 17$*;
Do 5s 12«»i P C & P lsts..l2Oii
C & N con 7b 13RV»! Do 5s 1C"?«i
Do S F Deb Ec.T.Ul ! pouthern Pac 4s... S2«i
Chic Term 4s 9% SFouthern Ry Ss....H3'i
Colorado 8*ni 4s SS : Htand R & T 6s.... 70
D * R G 4k 101«iJTex & Pac lsts 114
Erie Gen 4s S3 Do 2ds..^ SO
F W ft D C lsfs «2H Tnion Paflflc 48...107
General Elec 5S....142S Wabafh lsts 117'i
¦ Iowa Cent lsts \Wi Do 24* 10*
L A- N t'rl 4s 101H West Shore 4s 113
•M K * T 2ds 74H Wig Cent lsts 87*4
Do U. 34'»IVa Centuries »S?»
MINING STOCKS.
Ccnstock Tunnel .. CS.'Ophlr «0
Con. Cal ft Va 1 53 Phoenix 10
I>eadwood Terra .. i-^iPotosi 1)
Horn Kllver 1 12 Pavaire ' OS
Iron Silver "O.Plerra Nevada 25
Leadville Con .... 05 Small Hopes 60
Little Chief 15 Standard 1 IS
Ontario <W
— -UOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Rubber 2S
Call loans 4SJ5 Union Pacific ;.... 74 T »
Time leans -«..4 1 if?» 1 i Union Land 24
Stocks— West End 93
Atch!«on 42'4 \Vestlngrh Elec B4H
do prefd .' S«Si Bonds-
Am Sugar 123-H j AtchiBon 4s 101'*
do prefd lM v i| Mining shares-
Bell Telephone .. .l^^j Adventure t* 4
Boston & Albany.. 247» 4 AUouei Mln Co ... 2 l 4
Boston Elevated ..1S3 lAmalg Copper .... *9?»
Borton & Maine... l'«5»i I Atlantic 2«
C B & Q 13S 'Boston & Mont 325
Vom Co«l *S Butte & Boston ... W4
do prefd 112'i Calumet & Hecla..»10
Fed Fteel S3 Centennial 2>«;
do prefd 77Vi!FrankIin 15
Fltchburjr prefd ..137 ! Ilumbcldt 60
Gen Electric 17l'i Osceola 73
do prefd 14« Parrot 47',4
Ed Elec III 257 Santa Fe Copper .. fc'i
M ex" Central 13S I Tamarack tit
Mich Telephone ... "i j Utah Mining J3H
Old Colony 2ooi 4 j ¦vvtnoria J
Old Dominion 57'i! Wolverines 45H
SATURDAY. Dec 15-10:45 a. m.
Morning Session.
10O Burlington !...- 17
100 Burlington 18
2 Hanford 120 00
1050 Home Oil 4 15
10O Junction .' 63
20<) Junction 64
10 Kern River 17 25
45 Kern River v 17 00
1000 Lion OH Co .-.. 28
S0O McKlttrldc Consolidated 40
200 Monarch of Arizona 40
400 Monarch of Arizona 41
10O Occidental of West Virginia 63
2000 Petroleum Center 20
1500 Reed Crude Oil SO
Street—
600 Occidental of West Virginia £>
10 Kern River 17 «>
100 Twenty-eight .: 2 40
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Street — ' .
I20OO S P Branch Railway 6s bonds 131 25
150 Spring Valley Water 94 25
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Mornins Session.
10 Anglo-Cal Bank -77 00
175 Equitable Gas 3 37H
10O Makaweli 42 09
40 Market-street Railway, cash 70 ft>
90 S F Gas & Electric Co 4S 25
10 S F Gas & Electric Co, b 3 4S 25
1 Spring Valley Water 94 00
SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana S P Co. 7% 7% Kllauea S Co.. 80% 21%
Haw C A S Co 9o — Makawell S Co 43 42Vi.
Honokaa S Co. 31 U 31% Onomea S Co. 2* 39
Hutch S P Co. 25H 28 Paauhau S Co. 33 3V4j
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Al Pack Assn. — 125 (Pac A P A... 2% ,-
Cal Fruit Asn.103 104%! Pao C Bor Co. — —
Mer Ex A*»n.. vl luo (Par Paint Co.. 12*4 —
Oceanic S Co.. 103 — 1
California 123U — O 8 L & H.... 39 4S
Geary-st 45 — Presidio II M
Market-st 70 71
POWDER STOCKS. j
California ..... — 160 Vlgorit SH Vi, !
Giant Con Co. 84 84H * *,
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
SAVINGS BANKS*
Ger S ft L....1S50 1900 iSav & L So... — -
Hum S it L... — — Sec Sav Bk..27S 32S
Mut Sav Bk... 50 — Union T Co — —
S P -Sav Un..525 — I
Anglo-Cal Ltd. 76»i — First Natlonal.SlO —
Bank of Cal. -.409 — Lon P &. A... .143 145
Cal S D i t. - 105*4 Merchants' Ex IS —
BANK STOCKS
insurance: stocks.
Firem's Fund. 228 — 1
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent L & P Co — 4H Pac L Co..... — MU
Bqutt G L Co. 3% 3H Sac E G&R Co U S3
Mutual L Co.. 7i, ~\ 3 5 F G & E.... 43% 4SV,
O G L & H 49\ — San Francisco +*, 4^
Pac Gaa Imp. 43 45% Stktn GAS Co — 14
SATURDAY, Dec 15—13 m. /.
UNITED STATES BONDS. f
Bld.Ask. Bld.A.'k. •
4s quar coup.. 115*4116% Is do cp (new).l38%133»; «
4s do reg 114**1151; 3s do coup.... — 110 '
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS. i
Bay Co P Co.l04Vi — Oak Water S«..lMtt — I
Cal-st Cab 3s.H9 — Oceanic S3 5s.llO»iin
C C Water 6s.lO9 — Ora C Rjr ««..,128 12!Si f
Ed L & P 6s.. .131 — Pae G Imn 48.101 — i
F & Cl Ry 8s. — — P A Cl Ry (1..IN —
Geary-st R 5s. — 91 P&ORR «s.115H —
H C & S 6^s.. — — Powell-st R 6s.H8 — i
Do 5s 102% — Eac E G&R 5s. — 100
L A Ry 5s.... — 111% S F & SJV 5s. 115*; —
L A Lt Co 6s.. — 103 1SR0I Cal Cs.. — 113
Do gntd 6s... — — S P R of A 6S.113HU4
L A gntd 5s.... — 103 6 P C 6s <19C5
L A P R R Bs.100 — (Series A)....N»H —
Market-st 6s. ..128% — Do (Series B)110>i —
Do 1st M 5S.122H — Do U906) U3 112»L.
NCNORH.- 11* Do (Q12) 121 —^
N R of Cal 63.114% — P R 1st g 6s.l07H —
Do 5s ..119 — S P R 68 131 —
N P C R R 6S.101 — S V Water te.U«% —
Do 5s 108 — Do 4s — 104
N Cal Ry 5s... 110% — Do M mtge. 101^ 1024
Oak G L & H.110T» — Stktn Gas 6s.l01 103 1
Oak Tran 6s.. — — 1
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 70H 73 Spring Valley. S4%I9S j
Mann County. 6H, - !
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
Kllauea S. P. Co.. 25 cents: Oakland Gas, 25
cents; Oakland. S. L. and H. Con.. 20 cents;
Presidio Railroad, 10 cents.
The Central Light and Power Company will
pay a dividend of 5 cents on the 29th.
The California Powder Works Company-will
pay a dividend of $1 on the 20th.
. Sales on the Oil Exchange during the past
week were 68,738 shares, valued at tao.873. The
largest transactions were 23,925 shares Petro
leum Center. 8000 Ree<l. 6250 Monarch of Ari
zona. 4900 California-Standard and 4150 Han
ford-Fresno-Kern River.
The following were ex-dlvld.end yesterday
Business In local stocks and bonds on the
Bond Exchange was quiet and prices showed ;.
Uttl» change.
There were fair sales on the Oil Exchange !
at practically previous quotations.
THE STOCK MARKET.
TACOMA.' Dec. 15.— WHEAT— Quiet and
steady; blue stem, 67c; club, 64c.
WASHINGTON.
1 PORTLAND, Dec. 15.— WHEAT— Steady;
Walla Walla. 54^ic: blue stem, 57Hc
Cleared— British ship Langdale, -with 113,955
bushels wheat; German bark Herzogln Sophie
Charlotte, with 119.619 bushels of wheat, both
for Queenstown: Brltls-h steamer Monmouth
shire, for Hongkong. - with 25,000 barrels flour.
Total wheat shipments, flour Included, for
the week ending to*da'y. were 950,268 bushels.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND. Dec. 15.— Clearings, $26?,744
balances, $49.S36.
Portland's Business.
HOPS — At London (Pacific Coast), steady, £2
5s.
WHEAT— Spot, quiet: No. 1 California,' 6s
2V4d; No. 1 red Western winter. 6s HHd; No.
1 Northern spring, 6s 2*53. Futures, dull; De
cember. _5s 10'jd; March, <5s Hd.
CORN— Spot, firm; American mixed, new,
4a 2d; American mixed, old. 4s 3d; futures,
dull: December, is Hd; January. 3s lOd; March.
3s 9'*d.
CLOSING.
LIVERPOOL;" Dec. IS.— Wheat in Parle.
steafiy; flour in Paris, steady.
COTTON— Uplands, F 13-32d.
Foreign Markets.
CHICAGO, Dec. 15.— CATTLE— Receipts, 2C0.
Nominally steady. Good to prime steers. $5 30
@8 30: poor to medium, $4 75155 25; selected
feeders, J3 73t?4 40; mixed stockers, $2 50@3 75;
cows, $2 5O@4", heifers, $2 «V?4 75; canners, $1 75
*?2 40; bulis. $2 50S< 30; calves, $3 50g5 50:
Texas fed steers, $4#4 75; grassers, $3 25fT4;
bulls. %2 50«3 20.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 23,000; Monday, 40,
000; left over. 2500. Opened shade lower, ac
tive, closing firm. Top, $4 97V4; mixed and
butchers. $4 70«?4 974: gt>od to choice heavy,
14 75©4 97H; rough heavy, $4 65t?4 70; light.
$4 70114 95; bulk of sales, $4 S<>g4 90.
SHEEP— Receipts. 2000. Sheep and lambs,
steady to strong. Good to choice wethers. $4 10
€4 75: fair to choice mixed. $3 90©4 10; West
ern sheep. $4^4 85; Texas sheep. ?2 50C?3 65;
lambs.. $4 25$6: Western lambs, $5®6; Christ
mas lambs. $61*6 25.
Chicago Livestock Market.
NEW YORK. Dec. 15.— The Imports of dry
gecrts and merchandise to the port of New
York for this week were valued at $9,561,323.
Imports at Nezv York.
NEW YORK. Dec. 13.— At the close of the
week in the metal trade buyers In the various
departments having followed a policy of pro
crastination, with profits to the advantage of
themselves, sflll hold aloof and the situation Is
unsatisfactory at home and abroad, on the
basis of about the following quotations:
TIN— Quiet at $« 50.
LEAD— Dull and nominally quoted at $4 37H.
SPELTER— Quiet at $4 IStM 20.
COPPER— Lake quiet for Lake Superior and
16Hc for electrolytic and casting copper.
IRON— Market* were quiet and unchanged on
the basis of J? 50610 50: foundry Northern. $130
16 50; Southern foundry, $14 00<§15 75, and soft
.Southern, ?13gl5 75.
Nezv York Metal Market,
NETC* YORK, Dec. 15.— The cotton market
opened st-ady, with prices 2f 5 points lower.
In sympathy with an unexpected reaction In
Liverpool, following a full response by that
market to our advance late yesterday. Be
fore the end of the first hour the market had
not only regained the opening loss, but was
several points above last night's close and
firm in tone. TBe January option was strong
and relatively higher than the rest of the list.
Heavy receipts at the port* failed to check the
early buying movement. The Southern and
foreign contingents were generous buyers after
the course of the market became positively
determined. Trading was slow around the
opening, but quite active during the last hours.
The market closed barely steady, 3t»8 points
net higher. V-- .;"
New York Cotton Market.
LIVERPOOL.
¦VThfat— Dec. .Feb.» Mar.
Opening T * 1°"4
Closing 5 10'i ....
PARIS.,
Wheat— D *c. Mar. -June.
Opening 20 10 2140
Closing 20 10 2140
Flour-
Opening 26 05 27 40
Closing », 2 6 05 27 40
Local Bank Clearings gain over last year.
Silver unchanged. New York Exchange higher.
Wheat news scarce, $vires being down.
Barley, Corn and Rye dull. Oats very strong.
Hay easy and in ample supply. Feedstuff s unchanged.
Potatoes in good supply, but Onions rather scarce.
Xo further advance in Bans. Some changes in Dried Peas.
Butter weaker and accumulating. Eggs ditto. Cheese firm.
Nine cars of Eastern Poultry in this week.
Game in good supply and slower.
Stx cars of Oranges to be auctioned to-tnorrotv.
Nothing doing in Dried Fruits and Raisins.
Provisions quiet at previous prices.
U'ool, Hides and Hops unclianged.
Meat Market lightly supplied and firm.
Large Shipment of Flour to China and Japan.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS. :
Atchlson. 43'i: Canadian Pacific. 99: Unlcu
Pacific preferred. M«4; Northern Pacific pre
ferred. S6; Grand Trunk. 6H: Anaconda, 9H;
bar silver, quiet, 29Hd per ounce; money, 2V»
fil per cent.
CLOSING.
American stocks were very buoyant. Pro
fessional traders here responded readily to
New York's lead and prices were high. Chi
cago. Milwaukee and St. Paul was the feature
of the market, the reports of an arrangement
Mtween the Northern Pacific and the Great
Ncrth»rn roads being accepted. There was
profit-taking In the Erie issues, but free buy
ing here of the Atchlson shares. Pacific shares
*nl Baltimore and Ohio and Louisville carried
th<» day. and trading continued animated in
the street after the exchange closed. This
is very unusual on Saturday. Big buying oc
curred In Grand Trunk shares, in sympathy
with the American department. There was one
order for lO\000 shares of th» first preferred.
Money was very firm on the continued ease
cf foreign exchanges.
This was a bu?y Saturday on the stnek mar
ket, although tha American department almost
monopolized th» interest. The loss in South
Africa, of 570 men. bad a* the news was. was
offset by the report that Dewet was being
closely hammered.
The quantity of French money In London is
very large. Were cireum!=tane»s to arise which
would cause It to be withdrawn, an unpleas
ant position would be created. The indebted
ness to the United States is also great. It is
ln-.probable, however, that New York will call
for goM from London, a portion of the bal
ance in the American Treasury being avail
able. '
NEW YORK. Dec. 15.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The Statist voices the fear that gold may be
sent to tide Berlin over the year, apart from
which the Bank of England's reserve may be
only eighteen millions at the year's end. Justi
fying fe rise in the hank rate. Possibly the
bank, desiring to avoid the advance, will per
mit gold to be withdrawn. It is said the bank
has arranged to part with half a million in
anticipation of the arrival of half a million
from India.
I/ONDON, Dec. IS.— Money was firm, less
plentiful and In moderate demand to-day. An
ticipations of an increased demand next week
harden discounts.
London Market
known that the several financial institutions j
have railed In large special loans of late and
the approach of the January dividend perlod
always brings about a withdrawal of funds
from the market In anticipation of that event, j
It was not anticipated, however, that a liqul- j
datlon so marked would be encountered in a/
stx-day period. The cash changes are about as
figured early in the week. The banks lost
heavily to the Treasury and calls from the
interior were also larire. but on the other han i.
money Is beginning to flow in this direction
again and the heavy losses which have been
noted from week to week give promise of be
ing made up by current recelpU from the
rame sources. The movement tins y«ar has
been extremely heavy. It is thought that
Treasury disbursements beginning with the
coming week will serve to ease the situation,
although no apprehension is felt that the turn
of the year will be productive of embarrass
ment. The present excess surplus stands at
tS.325,375. This, of Itself, is larger than at the
end of ten previous weeks, scattered over the
current year. As a matter of fact, , however,
the excess Is very unevenly distributed, and
on* bank holds In Its vaults more than 60 per
cent of the whole amount. This means that
th« institutions are rot In as strong a position.,;
from the reserve standpoint, as at the close '
o? the last previous week. Circulation Is ex- :
randlng after several weeks' decrease, and rose !
$116,100 for the six daye ending Saturday. ;
Despite anticipations of an unfavorabte state-
Blent, reoney has not shown more than the
usual degree of firmness, and unless signs
usually looked upon as accurate are found t«
be misleading, only unimportant changes will
be encountered. The national banks ar« await
ing the call of the Comptroller of the Cur
rency for statements. Or.ce theee are made
the present strain will be relieved in part.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks 3.454 Flax Seed. sks... 1.287
FOR SATURDAY. DECEMBER 15.
Flour, qr sks 68.210 Brandy, gals 3.330
Wheat, ctls 2.S6O Wine, gals 52.100
Barley, ctls 12.420 Raisins, bxs 1.6T0
Oats, ctls 720 Eggs, doz 12-210
Potatoes, sks 3.4-0 Butter, ctls 172
Onions, sks....... 600|Cheese. ctls 24
Bran, sks.... 925' Wool, bales 60
Middlings, sks... 1.9tf Lime, bbls 317
Hay. tons 220! Leather, rolls 64
Straw, tons 8. Hides. No 5«3
Beans, sks 5S Pelts, bdls 540
Tallow, cUs 7S2! Quicksilver, flsks ; 48
Receipts of Produce.
Crushed. 6.15c: Powdered. (.75c; Candy Gran
ulated, 5.75c: Dry Granulated. S.(5e; Confec
tioners" A. 5.6oc; Magnolia A, 5.25c; Extra C.
5.15c; Golden C. 5.05c; barrels. 10c more; half
barrels. 25c more; boxes. 50c more; 60-lb bags.
lOo more. Mo orders taken for less, than 75 j
barrels or Its equivalent. Domino*, half -bar- j
yels, 6.40c; boxes, 6.65c per lb. ¦
pany quotes, per lb. In 100-lb bags
SALMON— Round lots are quoted as follows:
Alaska red. *1 20; medium do. Jl 10; pink. S5c:
Columbia River. Chinook. *1 75 for tails and
$i So for flats; barreled Salmon. $10 for Alaska
barrels and $5 50 for half-barrels.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com-
«Ke«Xe for white and IHCS^c tor bleached j
Jute. . • • - ¦•. • . - - -' ¦ ¦
COAL— Wellington. $9 per ton; Southfleld
vTellington. »9; Seattle. J7; Bryant. J7;Cooa
Bay. $5 50; Wallsend. »9; Co-operatlw* Wallaend.
$3; Cumberland. $12 in bulk and $13 25 la sacks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14: CanneL $10
per ton; Coke. $15 per ton in bulk and $13 In
sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions. $S 45 per
200O lbs and JS 50 per ton. according to brand.
RICE— China mixed, $4 25^4 30: No. 1. *4 70®
4 85: extra, $5*95 50; Japanese. $4 93<g5 50; Louis
iana. $4@7: Hawaiian. $4 73@4 ST>i per ctl.
BAGS— Ban Quentin Bags, $5 63: Calcutta
Grain Bags.'. June and " July.. 6%c: '• Wool Bags.
28H©32Hc; Fleece Twine." 7%c; Fruit Bags.
General Merchandise.
.PORK — Live Hogs, 5Hc for small and 5Hc for
medium and SK@5%c for large; stock Hogs and
feeders, 5#5Kc; dressed Hogs. 7>4€ 1 8Hc •
The market stands the same all 'around.
BEEF— ISSc for steers and . 6@6<£o per lb for
COWS.
VEAL— Large, S§9c; small, 9@10c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. J»i89!4c; Ewes, 9c p«r
pound. - ' ; - • . ¦ . ¦ ¦ ¦ ' ; ¦ ~
LAMB— 10©10Hc per lb..« " -
San Francisco Meat Market.
All descriptions remain &a previously quoted.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotatlons^Heavy salted
Steers lOe; medium. 9c; Tight. 8Hc; Cow
hides ' 9c for heavy and 8Hc for light; Stags.
«»4c- Salted Kip. »tte: Salted Veal. 9%e; Salted
r'alf 10c 1 Dry Hides. 16c; culls, 14c; Dry Kip,
lie- Dry Calf. 16gi7c; culls and brands,
14c- Sheepskins, ehearllngs, 20030c each; short
¦Wool 30©50c each: medium. 60<3S5c; long Wool.
75ceu each- Horse Hides, salt. $2 50 for large
and $2 for medium. $1 50 .for small and 50c for
colts; Horse Hides, dry, $1 75 for large. $150
for medium $1 25 for small and 25©a0c for colts.
Deers^lno— Summer' or red skins, 35c; fall or
medium skins, 30c: winter or thin skins. 17%®
20c. Goatskins— Prime Angoras.. 76c; large and
smooth 50c; medium, Kc.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4®4tfc per lb; No.
I Sue; grease, 202%c. ' . -
WOOL— Spring Clip " is quotable as follows;
Vorthern. free. lSfflSc; Northern, defective. 12
ei4c- Middle County, free, 14916c: Middle
County defective, 12#Hc; Southern Mountain,
12 months'. 9#10c: Southern fountain, free. 1
months' ll@12c: Southern Mountain, defective.
7 months'. 9«llc: Humboldt and Mendoclno,
16«17c; Nevada. lS-eite per lb.
Fall Clip— San Joaquin. 6H@8c; do. lambs. 8
file- Middle County. 9®10c; Northern Mountain,
free' 10@llc: Southern Mountain, ;¦• 7H©S^c;
Humboldt and Mendoclno. 12©13e per lb.
HOPS— I2@16c per lb.
Prices show no change.
CURED MEATS-Bacon. ll^HHc per lb for
hfevy. HH612C for light medium. 12%<QUo for
light 'l3'A«ei4c for extra light and 15@15Ue ror
sugar-cured: Eastern sugar-cured H&ms, 11HO
12c- Mess Beef. $12 M per^fcarrel: extra Mess,
{13- Family. $H: extra Prime Pork. $16; extra
clear. $19 »: Mess, $17: Smoked Beef. 13o per
TaRD- Tlercea quoted at 6\e per lb for com
rwund and » l 4c for pure; half-barrels, pure
KS- io*b tin..- 10c: Mb tins.lWic. *¦¦ v
roTTOLENE— One-half barreU. 8He; thrVe
haif-barrels. Sc: one tierce. ,7%c; two. tierce*.
7Hc; nve tierces, 7Hc per lb.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
Provisions. X 7 '
FRUITS— Prunes, Santa Claras, 4 sizes, 3c:
40-5Cs. 7c; 60-«0s. 5«ic; 6O-70s, 3%c; 70-SOs. SHc;
80-90s, 2\c; 90-lOOs. 2Hc: 100s and over. 2c; ru
bles, lie premium; Sonomas, »4,c »nd San' Joa
qulns, %c less than Santa Claras, except 100s
and over, which stand the same. Apricots, fQ
Sc for Royals and 10<ffl0ttc for Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples, 6® 6c; sun-dried, 3H64Hc;
Peacnes, 4®5c for standard. 5©6c for choice
and 6tt©7c for fancy; Pears, 2£7c; Plums,
Pitted, E®«Hc: unpitted, 1@1Hc4 Nectarines, 5@
5V4C for red and BH©6c for white.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices for the
jeascn of 19C0: Bleached Thompson's fancy. 12c
per lb; choice, lie; standard, 8%c; prime, ?c;
unbleached Thompson's, 9c per lb. Sultanas-
Fancy. 16V4c per lb: choice 9^4c; standard. 8Hc:
prime. 8c; unbleached Sultanas. Sc; Seedless,
60-lb boxes, 6%c; 4-crown. 7c; London Layers,
2-crown, $160 per box; 3-crown, $180; Fancy
Ousters, $2; Dehesa, $2 50; Imperial, $3. All
prices f. o. b. at common shipping points In
'nUTS— Chestnuts, 7©Sc per lb for Ital
ian* "Walnuts. No. 1. soft-shell, lie:
No 2, 8c; No. 1 hardshell. 10c; No. 2.
7V4c- Almonds. 11013c for papershell. 9® lie for
sortsbell; Peanut*. 6€«c for Eastern: Brazil
Nuts, 13c: Filberts. 13c; Pecans, ll@13c; Co-
M HO U NEY^Comb. 13H®HHc for bright and 12^
©13c for li*ht amber; w«ter white, extracted.
7^©8c: light amber, extracted. 6H©7c; .dark.
6^EES^VAX'-24©26c per lb.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
RASPBERRIES
None In
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Orange*. Jl 25©I SO;
Seedlings, Jlffl 50: Tangerines, 75c$$l: Jap
anese Mandarins. »1 «0«l 75: Lemons. 25c<S$l 25
for common and $1 SO'g 2 50 for good to choice:
Grape Fruit. ~,hcfT%2; Mexican Limes. $4©
4 50; California Limes. 2E'8'3jc; Bananas. $1 25®
2 50 per bunch: Pineapples, $1@2 per dozen-
PERSIMMONS— «|mc per box. ¦ -.
CRANBERRIES— Jerseys. Ill 60igi2: Wlscon
sins. $13 50; Cape Cod. $13 50fzl4 per barrel:
Coos Bay. $2 E0S2 75 per box.-
STRAAVBERRrES— 13®5 per chest for large
berries and JS3* for smalL-
PEARS— 3Scff?l 75 per box.
APPLES— 30{?60c per box for common and
*w.ci?fl for good to choice; Spltzenbergs, 73c@
$1 25; Oregon Spitzenbergs, Jl@l 2S; Lady. Ap
ples. $1 75^3 per box.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS-
At the Orange auction to-morrow six cars
will be offered.
A few Grapes cam* in and sold at 65@75c per
email box.
There is little change to note in citrus fruits,
the> market being well supplied and quiet.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Storage— California fancy, 30c; standard. :
Eastern, fancy, 80c; standard. ; seconds,
Kes-?0c per lb.
CHEESE— Fancy, full cream, lie; choice. Me:
common, nominal: Young Americas, 13Hc;
Eastern, full, cream, 15816c per lh. ....
EGGS—
California ranch— Selected white, 44c: mixed
colors. 40c per dozen. .;;:¦:, .
California Gathered— Fancy. ; standard;
35c; seconds, .
Eastern— Fancy. ; standard. JE2^c; sec
onds, . • •
¦¦ Butter continues easy and some dealers quote
accumulating stocks, particularly In the me
dium and low grades. Cheese is firm and un
changed.
Second grade ranch Eggs have again been
reduced and California Eggs are weak, while
Eastern continue firm. Stocks of California
are somewhat larger.
/ BUTTER—
Creamery — Extras, 30c; firsts, 27%c; sec
onds, .
Storage— Creamery extras, 23c; firsts, 21c:
seconds. 20c.
Dairy— Extras, 26c; firsts, 24c; seconds, 21c;
6 Pickle— 21c per lb.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Another car of Eastern arrived, making nine ¦
for the week. There was some Poultry carried
over.
Arrivals of Game were about 175 sacks, and
as the demand was slow the market showed no
improvement.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. "11913c. for Gob
blers and 12^13c for Hens: Dressed Turkeys,
14518c; Geese, per'palr. $1 7332: Goslings. Jl 75
02; Ducks. $3®4 for old and $4 / g-5 50 for young:
Hens. $3© 4 30: Young Roosters. $3 5OSr4; Old
Rooster*. $3 50^4; Fryers. $3 30'8>4: Broilers,
$3 50*84 for large and $."M?3 25 for small;
Pigeons. $1 per dozen for old and $1 75g2 for
Squabs.
GAME— Quail, tl 25t Mallard. $3 5<MM; Can
vasback. J3@4: Sprig. 12 5O@3: Teal. $1 75;
Widgeon. Ji odgl 75; Small Duck. JK51 25;
Black Jack, $1 50: Gray Geese. $3; White Geese,
$1@1 50: Brant, 11 50 for small and $2 25 for
large; Honkers. $4 50: English Snipe. $1 75; Jack
Snipe. $1 25; Hare, $1 25igl 50: Rabbits, $1 23®
1 50 for Cottontail and $1 for. Brush; Doves, .65c
per dozen.
Poultry and Game.
The market is quiet and featureless all
around. Potatoes are in free supply, while
Onions are scarce. _'
POTATOES— River Reds. 75c; Burbanks. 35@
65c for River and 90c(§Jl 15 per ctl for Sa
linas and 50c#$l for Oregon: Sweets, 60@73c
for River and 7341900 for Merced. -
OXIOKS- *1 60©l 95 per ctl; Cut Onions. $19
Jl 25 rer ctl. » £
VEGETABLES— Green Peas. 3©8c per lb;
String Beans, 559c; Cabbage, 90c; Tomatoes,
75o<&J12S for Los Aneeles: Egg Plant Los An
geles, &QSc per lb; Green Peppers from Los An
geles. 2©7c per lb; Dried Peppers. 9BUc: Dried
Okra, 10<315c per lb; Carrots, 25<g35c per box;
Cucumbers, 5<Mj:75c; .Summer Squash. 1191 25:
Garlic. 4?/5c per lb; Marrowfat Squash. J12513
per ton: Mushrooms. ITx lGc per lb.
There la no further advance In white descrip
tions, but they axe very flrml Dried Pea» are
In llg-ht supply, and quotations enow some
change."'- ' .
bEANS— Bayos, 12 65©2 75; Small White.
U S5©4 50; Large White, $3 35®3 60; Pink. X2Q
2:15; Red.- $2 7»®J 00; Blackeye. *3; Li mas. $3 35
65 40; Pea, $4 25@4 50; Red Kidney, $3 75®*
per ctl. *¦".«¦
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, *2 «Xg2 75; Canary.
3%c per lb for California and 4c for Eastern;
Alfalfa. 7Vi©8Hc: Rape, 2^»©3c; Hemp, 4@4V4c;
Timothy. 4S4%c. "
DRIED PEAS-Nlles. $2£2 50; Green. $2 70
G3 per ctl; Blackeye, nominal.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Beans and Seeds.
Wheat and Oat, $10©12 50; Oat. W 312: Clover,
nominal; Alfalfa. ,*S@9 60; Barley, fl 50@9 50
per ton. -
STRAW- 3&&47HC per balo.
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, dull; Winter patents, $3 6503 80;
straits. $3 10t?3 60;- clears. $2 9053 80; spring
specials. $4 30; patents. ?3 4Ta3 Si; straits. • $3©
3 40; bakers'. $3 20^2 75: No. 3 spring wheat.
66«?71c; No. 2 red, 72*4©74Hc; No. 2 corn, 37c;
No. 2 yellow. 37Uc: No. 2 oats, 22^t23Vic: No.
2. white 2514326c: Xo. 3 white. 24*i@25c;'No. 2
rye. 49©50c; fair to choice maltiner barley, W
660c; No. 1 flaxseed. $1 63S?1 64: No. 1 North
western II 66*i; prim* timothy seed, $4 40; mess
pork, per barrel. $11 12H<?H 23; lard, per 100
pounds, $7 12^©" 15; short ribs sides (loose).
$S 25#6 50; dry salted ¦. shoulders (boxed). 5Ti©
6Hc; short clear sides ¦ (boxed)., $5 65®« 75;
whisky, basis of high wines, Jl 27; clover, con
tract grade, $10glQ 25.
/ rtlcles— Receipts. Shipments.
Fl ir. barrels ..-• 2«.000 18.000
WV-at. bushels 108,000 9.000
Corn, . bushels 380. oo» 37,000
Oats, bushels 205.000 108.000
Rye. bushels •'.'. S.OOO 6.000
Barley, bushels 60.000 • 6Q.OQ0
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
1 market was >lull. Creamery. 15-g24c; Dairy. 13
,' ffT20c. Cheese, quiet, MHQUUc. Eggs, fresh.
23Uc. )?c;i&
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 16, 1900.
Foreign Futures.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Associated Banks' Statement.
ArJi
47
STOCK. | Bid. [Asked.
American Fuel & Oil Co 23 zs
Blue Goose — 4 CO
Buckhorn 17 —
Caribou 63 —
Dominion - 25 —
El Dorado -•¦• 150 100
Four «9 SO
Hanford — W»
Hanford. Fresno, Kern Rlrer.. S7 40
Home ." — 4 15
Homeatake ~ - 10 00 li 00
Independence ......... ........... 23 25
Ken -•- »w 10 oo
Kern River I8 60 17 00
Lion Oil Co .• 28 ti
McKlttrlck Consolidated 40 41 -
Monarch o* Arizona , 40 .—
Junction ..«#: M —
McKlttrlck : — »
Monte Crtsto 1 *> 1M
Occidental of "West Virginia.... — 63
Oil City Petroleum 11 00 S2 25
Petroleum Center 20 —
Reed Crude 43 50
R<>X .' • ~~ *5
gan JoeQuln Oil & D Co 9 12H 9 J7Vi
¦Shamrock W> —
Sterling Oil & D Oo -.. — 2 50
Twenty-eight 2 40 2 45
¦Weatshore .~ 4» 3 25 3 50
Yukon ..— — 5» «9
STOCK.
Bid.
inn t
: I.a<
! P*
eason. !
i S«a^o
; 24. 98
4
S.07 ""!
I 9.^4
ce
»•?• i
i ir
B.iTP j
6.22
4.K
4
:.rs
t 0*
1.41
t jo
«.rs
1.2S
STOCK. | Bid. [Asked.
American Fuel & Oil Co 23 zs
Blue Goose — 4 CO
Buckhorn 17 —
Caribou 63 —
Dominion - 25 —
El Dorado -•¦• 150 100
Four «9 SO
Hanford — W»
Hanford. Fresno, Kern Rlrer.. S7 40
Home ." — 4 15
Homeatake ~ - 10 00 li 00
Independence ......... ........... 23 25
Ken -•- »w 10 oo
Kern River I8 60 17 00
Lion Oil Co .• 28 ti
McKlttrlck Consolidated 40 41 -
Monarch o* Arizona , 40 .—
Junction ..«#: M —
McKlttrlck : — »
Monte Crtsto 1 *> 1M
Occidental of "West Virginia.... — 63
Oil City Petroleum 11 00 S2 25
Petroleum Center 20 —
Reed Crude 43 50
R<>X .' • ~~ *5
gan JoeQuln Oil & D Co 9 12H 9 J7Vi
¦Shamrock W> —
Sterling Oil & D Oo -.. — 2 50
Twenty-eight 2 40 2 45
¦Weatshore .~ 4» 3 25 3 50
Yukon ..— — 5» «9
STOCK.
Bid.
inn t
: I.a<
! P*
eason. !
i S«a^o
; 24. 98
4
S.07 ""!
I 9.^4
ce
»•?• i
i ir
B.iTP j
6.22
4.K
4
:.rs
t 0*
1.41
t jo
«.rs
1.2S
Ensign & McGnffick
SELL
23 SPEAR STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO.
CALIFORNIA.
" -p
OCEAN TEAVEL !
Pacific^ Coast Steamship Co.
f. Steamers leave Broadway
» wharf. San Francisco:
For Alaskan Ports — 11 a. m..
Kjk Dec. 12. 17. 23. 27. Jan. 1.
prfJ^Bg!^ Change- to company's steamers
J^W4 Fcr Victoria, Var.eouver (B.
I^T^j«artM C). Port Townsend. Seatt>.
4B&ffjE9ft> Tacoma. Everett, Anacortea
ani1 New Whafcom CvVaah. > —
¦* 11 a. m.. Dec. 12. 17. 22. 27.
JaiL. 1 and every fifth day thereafter. Change
at .Seattle for this company's steamers for
.Alaska and O. X. Ry. : at Seattle or Tacoma to
Iv P. Ry. : »t Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay — 2 p. m., Dec.
14. 1>. 24, 25, Jan. J. and every fifth day there-
after.
' For Saa Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Loa An-
geles)— Steamer Queen. Wednesdays. 9 a. m. ;
steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. ?an Simeon. Cayu-
cos. Port Harford (San LuU Oblsipo). Gavl.-tfa.
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
Fast San Pedro <Ln» Ar.gel?s> and Newport —
Steamer Corona. Fridays. 9 a. m. ; steamer
. Bnnlta, Tuesdays. * a. m.
For Ensenada. Mairdalena Bay. San Jrme <M
CabOb Maratlan. • Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosal'a
and Ouaymas (Mex.V— 13 a. m. 7th each month.
For further Information obtain company"*
folders.
The company reserves the rljfht to chansr*
steamers, aailine dates and hours of aal!!=ff
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 Xew Montgomery
street {Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS <ft CO.. Gen. Aeents.
in MarVet «t.. San . Francisco.
mm m m m am A#k
Jflt Oi Ri 5 »i uD«
' • DI^ATCH FAST 9TEAMER3 TO
PORTLAND
Frorn Spear-street TVharf at 11 a. m.
CADC £12 First Class Including fcerth
I AnC $8 Second Class and ileala.
COLUMBIA Sails Dec. 14, 24." Jan. 1
GEO. W. ELDER Salla Dec. 19. 29
Short Line to Walla Walla, fpokane. Butt».
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through ticket* to all points East. - "."•" .'_"
E. C. WARD, General Ajrent.
! C30 Market st.
TOYO KEEN KAISBA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner Fir«t and Brannan str»et». at 1 d. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HOSGKO.NO. calltn* at
Kob« <H1cro), Nagasaki and Shanghai, an*
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day cf
sailing.
SS. AMEHICA MARTT
Saturday. December 29. 1900
S3. HONGKONG MARU
". Thursday, January 14, 1901
S3. NIPPON MARU
Tuesday. February U, WU
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's offlce.
i 4*1 Market street, corner First.
i W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
1ST TOUT, SOUTHAMPTON. L05O02L ttSXX
Stoppinsr at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Louis Dec. *• psoordland Jin. U
New York....... Jan. -'iFri-sland Jan. Z3
Kensington Jan. 9|VaderIand Jan. JJ
. BED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday. 13 Noon.
Westernland ...Dec. 28|Voordland Jan. !3
Westernland ...Jan. IjFrlejland Jan. is
Kensington Jan. S'Pouthwark Jan. y>
For freight and passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
j 30 Montromery »t.. Or any of its agents.
0CC8DlC$.S.C0.iiS
SS. ZEALANDIA (Honolulu only)
/ - j Wednesday. December W..J p. m.
6S. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu. Samoa. New
Zealand and Australia
Wednesday. January 2. 1301. 9" p. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Sunday, Jafiuary «, 4 p. m.
I D.SPRECKELS I BBOS. CO., Sarera! Iguts. 327 Kartet St
Sen'l Paatarjif Ctte, M3 Martit St., Per la. 7. Psefis St
PANAMA R. I SS
To NEW YORK via PANAMA Direct
•S. S. ST. PAUL sails DsceniSsr 18,
S. S- ROANOKE sails January 8,
From wharf, foct of Fremont st., at ! p. n.
Freight and passenger office. S») Market «t.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
C0MPAGSIE BENSHALE TKAX3ATLAWTIQCI:.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE- PARIS. m^^
Sallina every Thurs-Iay. Instead of
Saturday, from November 2. 1S39. at JMrJqgit
10 a. m.. from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton ¦trset- First-class to Harrt. J05 and
upward. 6econd-cla«s to Havre. H2 SO and up-
ward. GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED
STATES AND CANADA. 13 Broadway <Hudsoa
building). New Tork. J. F. FCOAZt 4 CO..
Pacific Coast Agent*. S Montgomery avsnue,
San Francisco.
BAY AND~BIVEB STEAMERS.
FOR 0. sTil^YAr^A!^^
Steamer "Montlce!!*.**
MON.. Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat at 9:C
i a, m.. 3:15. 8^0 p. in. (ex. Thur«. night); Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10 JO a. m.: &
p. m. LandlsK and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier Na 2. Teleshone Main 1508. .
FARE »c
TtATT.-RJ>AT» TRAVEL.
Santa Fe
Trains-DaHy
t«av» Ma3tet-«trMC »«erry TDev*.
\ Lt*. Man Fr&aclMO.t 9:00 a m 4:10 p ml 1:49 p a
- li.rc-4 ....... *:*2 p in 1:M a a
** Frvano - i. 4:20 p na l^i»a
•• VlnaJi*. .^—— •:<» P m «:W a za
- Tilire •:« p m »:W a nx
I •• Haaford ...... jn p in T:<*»m
I » B»k«ifIelA ... |:» p m I JO a a*
• Pmvtr ••— I3 : *6 * m — — •
•* fftnm City.-* *;15 p m
" • ¦ CThla*yo 7:40 am |
t | », xa. train la tbe Ortrlaad Rxprrf. Oorr*>
! VDOBdlng train arrive* at I p. rx dally.
I i'JM p. m. U Stockton Local Cormpoadlsg
train arrl«M 11:06 a. a. dally.
| : M p- m_ 1» Freaoo and Bakersfield E*vi«— »
With sie»pln«- Oars for both dtltt. CorraspcnA*
lug trmlft arrtrw at » a. m. <la»y.
Market st. and In Ferry Depot
flM L J"raixUea: 111! Broa4?r»r. Otkjaai.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leaves San Francisco, via Sausalito Ferry:
WEEK DATS. ...9:13 a. m.;.l:45 and 4:» p. m.
SUSDAIS S:0O.- 10:00. 11:30. and 1:13 p. m.
1 Fare. San Francisco to Summit and Return.
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAI3 NOW OPEN.
J TlcXet offices. Cl Market at.. Sausallto i*<rry.
ADVERTISEMENTS.COAL DEPOSITS
NEAR PETALUMA
Newly Discovered Ledge
Yields a* Good Quality
of Lignite.
Thus far- two-tunnels have been run
and a ledge eighteen inches wide, believed
PETALUMA, Dec. .15.— There has been
uncovered in. the Sonoma hills Just east
of Petaluma a ledge of coal. Prospecting
has proved that it is a rich deposit and
the find may lead to development of num
erous ledges that, have in the past been
found in the hills and transform the now
almost barren range of hills into rich
possessions. The fact that there was coal
in the district has been known for years,
but it has devolved upon James Mott to
make the first . attempt at development.
Several tons of coal has been taken from
tne s ledge by means of a small shaft sunk
by Mott, and it is now being used in this
city with gratifying results. The fuel
makes a brisk flre and is behind the stan
dard coal only a few points In weight and
durance. It leaves practically no ash or
clinkers. . .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Laisner Sues Melone.
Adolph Leisner has sued Drury Melone
to recover '$300^ alleged to be due him on
an asslcrnment'of the Meyers contract, on
¦which the ur.dertaxinp to collect on the
Plncervlll* bonds was launched.
was sent to San Quentin for a term o
eighteen months. •
O'Sullivan's saloon was entered by a
burglar, a few nights ago and the change
remaining in the till was taken. He la
now of the opinion that his assailants
knew of this burglary and being confident
that he would not again leave any money
in the saloon, but ¦would carry the same
home with him, planned to hold him up
and enrich themselves.
Officer Tom Naylor and returning to the
scene oi the holdup by a circuitous route
saw the four men still standing at the
curb. "When they saw • the officer the
quartet broke and ran. O'Sullivan, Mc-
Gimsey and the officer in full chase.
Three of the men succeeded in escaping,
but McGimsey caught one and held fast
until the officer arrived and placed him
under arrest. He was taken to the sta
tion and placed in the tanks.
You can buy to-morrow S3 EO ladles'
dress shoes for $1 65. Tills is by all means
the best offer ' ever made. Just thlnk-i
stylish shoes, well made of good material;
no shoe store can afford to sell them for
less than $3 50, for $1 65 a pair, at the
bankrupt shoe sale of the California, 1506
Market street, near City Hall avenue. $
At the Bankrupt Shoe Sale.
Court. Notes.
Suit for divorce was filed yesterday by
Ida Belknap against Alden Belknap. De
sertion Is alleged as cause of action. Mrs,
Belknap alleges that her husband married
her at San Rafael December 13, 1899, and
deserted her the next day.
•James Clair and : John Morris, who
pleaded guilty to charges of burglary in
the second degree, were sentenced ¦ i by
Judge Dunne yesterday. Claire was given
three years in San ¦ Quentin and Morris
.The leading paper house' on the Pacific
Coast Is that of A. Zellerbach & Sons et
416-426 Sansome street. The business
was established some twenty-five years
ago .by. A. Zellerbach . and on January 1,
1889, J. C. and I. Zellerbach, eons of the
founder, became partners in the concern.
Since that time the firm's, business has
increased to such proportions .so that it '<*
recognized as one of»theiprlnclpal paper
houses In the United States. f:
The firm Imports and ? dealsiln'all kinds
of paper for commercial - and • domestic
uses. Its lines of-. 1 coyer inatters, includ
ing such famous brands 4mP the 'Princess,
Unique, Royal Welton, Queen. Defender,
Taffeta, Vlctorieux/ Sultan and Alexis en
\joy a world-wide reputation among the
trades. The firm has a -branch house «t
Los Angeles and it reciui res '.five large
warehouses In which to store Its goods. ;
pecially Complete.
That of A. Zellerbach & Sons Is Es-
LEADING PAPER HOUSE.
The Christmas number of the "Wasp, is
sued yesterday, isone of the handsomest
Illustrated periodicals seen this year, and
contains much valuable reading matter.
Many ¦ half-tone views . of the I coast ap
pear in the holiday issue, and views of
the • Philippines, 'Hawaii . and- Alaska are
also to be found; together with Interesting
data concerning them. The entire seventy
pages show considerable, care in the me
chanical work, and the issue is a valuable
souvenir of California's progress.
A ¦' Unique- Publication.
FOOTPADS WORK
MARKET STREET
Four Men Assault Dennis
O'Sullivan While on His
Four men attempted to rob Dennis
O'SulUvan. proprietor of the Revelation
saloon on Market street, very early yes
terday morning while O'Sullivan was on
his way home. O'humvan was passing
the Murphy building: when he was
grasped rrom behind by two men, while
two others assaulted him in front and en
deavored to wrench considerable coin,
which he carried, from his pockets.
Ju*t as the assault occurred a car
passed the scene of the holdup and
Thomas McGlmsey of Harrington & Mc-
Gimsey. proprietors of a saloon at Ellis
and Powell streets, caught sight of the
familiar figure of O'Sullivan In the midst
ot what he thought 'was a common street
brawl. McGimsey sprang from the car
and hurried to hlg friend's aid. Two of
O'Sullivan's assailants turned on Mc-
Gimsey and after a short but what looked
to be a losing fljfht O'Sullivan and Mc
iximsey managed to break away and ran
down the street In search of an officer.
O'Sullivan's assailants followed a short
distance and then stopped for a confer
ence.
O'SulUvan and McGimsey finally located
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 16, 1900.
48
to be a lateral, spur of the principal vein,
was encountered.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company
sent representatives here to examine the
find and Is now In negotiation' to operate
and develop the mine. Local capita lists
are being Interested In the formation of a
stock company and may develop the
ledge.
Should the mine fulfill expectations it
wnl be a big: factor In the creation of a
factory center here.
Mott's discovery has led to consider
able prospecting: and coal in quantity, has
been found in several parts of the county.
Taylor Mountain, a few miles north of
the Mott place, contains a ledge of yet
unknown quantity. At Glen Ellen and on
the Caldwell ranch at Geyserville lignite
coal has been found.
Rpnlr^n
a_# i vf iVv l m
Eyeglass
¦Lenses replaced for BO cents.
Any Astigmatic lenses duplicated for 91.00
and fl.50.
Guaranteed correct and b«at Quality.
Oculist* 1 prescriptions filled. Factory an
premises. Quick repairin*. Phone. Main la.
OPTICIANS PhqtOC^
642 Market 5t. Mnwwn
twoca eHWOMKHBuaatw. CaTJI OGUt fal.
Special Sale of
FURS
Our large stock of FINE
FUR and SEALSKIN GAR-
MENTS, MUFFS. NECK
BOAS, SCARFS. FUR
TT A TT* T* .
HATS, Etc,
Must Be Reduced Within the Next 14 Days!
Best quality jjoods and ar-
tistic workmanship jruaranteed.
Extensive connections with all
the leading fashion centers of
..AD, KOCOUF^j
Fashlon&ble Manufacturinsr Furrier,, t?''
• . . Importer of Skins,
121 POST STREET
(DOS'? MISTAKE THE NUMBER).
ROOMS 7-11. OPEN EVENINGS.
JOSEPH FIGEL, MERCHANT TAIL-
OR. The latest styles to select from. Suits
from }20 upward. Overcoats, fancy vests,
etc., at greatly reduced prices. Second
floor Flood Building:. Fourth and Market
streets. •:• •
VttJKfflk "iSncHiOiusnrovs ibiGiiSH
*F-i -T^tfif vttft Um ribbon. Take no other. Refu*«
' -K4 ** VS"S Davcerou Clabatltatloa* ud Imlt*.
1^1 — /2r tion*. Bay of jonr Omiulit. or nl 4*. is
I (_. . If muim fr Fnrtlewlar*. TaatlBBMial*
I «• £> Md '•Itrltff Tnr r^dle»."»<» fcKMr, »y ne.
\ V P tan Mail. 1 0.OuO TnUwtlM. M«ky
"*>>—-/ »n DrmuUu. Ckl«k««t«» CkaaaaaJ C»,
attatlaa tUf p»p«. lUilaoa S«iuur% Pflll.A, t JU
. H>1 * >fc ! Hole's. ' — ~^~^^ I Hd«>. « ..' Hale'a.
<^bx tbe h0llda/ SQ/e ? f S ' /kS and ? a L tins J^ gSsrtiS?^-^ f^ <& our greatest holiday handkerchief sale safe of
J%£M grows more interesting with **%$$sMMffl/^MSffl iM/ dl$F^ tsSSb '*•«"•/»'«/ and •«%«« worth coming mn es to enjoy. men's furnishings.
JHIvfe Partly because of the splendid stock which covers EmW/ MSffl jZ^*^^^_ handkerchfef^tore^But^L^ are^nly^^dipperS J" rv he ";i i^f? 1 "^
Im) such a broad variety of fashionable silken fabrics- M&JjE^t^Gnnn dOOf>S^^^ from the bucket in proportion to the vast lots that we a^^u- « new— s nappy— up-to-
\*Jl r/ but largely because of the splendid economies it offers °iL££2bF&**^^ -.r collected for this holiday sale. t d . ate - Sellmg next to hrst cost explains
ri^A '/^W*Mi to those whose ideas run to the useful and practical - . "i miMiin r ~.^\ ,,. Ladies' very fine and sheer pure linen handker- savings.
r*]H&f%. in K>^- makin .gr- Judge the savings by. these five Market street, neai 6 :th, opposite Golden Gate avenue. chiefs— several beautiful and novel styles, including the Men's suspenders— put up in neat srfft
/h '^-j^'&'iiW strong but briefly described items. ...•;, :, new eight-pointed star-shaped handkerchiefs, with boxes. Don't think you could give hirh
ft ? *jr'l a^f \ Fan cy silks— small polka dots in all the new and • open evenings until Christmas. centers of linen inserted with lace in fancy designs, a more acceptable present— per pair. 73c
¦if Yj/j\* MtkiJtiP' Pretty shades for fancy waists, 19 inches wide. Our . ' . , / - x 11*1^*-^^"^^ Men's hemstitched initial handker-
'// y^Ah&W^L price, per yard .' 91.OO PA»tA^^« J. J - IaL* m»nt I* a * ru ti} a " d w » thout Ji ce chiefs— per box of six
\ i/V WW mfeti Fancy waist silks-exclusive and beautiful things in C//7/VSr/77flfS IS 00/71/170 OUr 1^^^^^. &^[S£^^. Men's half-hose-fast black, new tans '
\ Vjtfo^§§&l& P° lka dots and new , moi [e stripes. 2i inches wide. ¦ . V '"O ""' serted corners of Renaissance braid and Valencienne; d . ttt fanc 7 , coIor? - Per half-dozen
\v//nir^^P O U J- Price, per wa:st length $3.25 wnu f nO 4 Qn +l%rir> *„*„ 4L.es *.^~ » lace-also a score or more other styles-all new and pair ->5c
V/ \Y'N^r^ Black taffeta silks— made expressly for Hale's Cali- WUJLy I tlO I C/# . iflUiJ GVGr IN IS VGCLr «o beautiful that any attempt to picture their charms Men's black silk reefers— 23 inches
forma stores and fully guaranteed. 2?, inches wide, per * '*' , . J in the black and white of printers' ink is instantly wide and 54 inches long. A heavy and
V^^^^f^ yard. J?l— 24 inches wide, per yd., $1. 25 and $1. 50 This is because the conditions here are radically changed for the better In frustrated. Choice, each $1.25 beautiful quality. Each #1.50
1 Co I ored , sati f s \ n f. splendid variety of carefully se- no . previous holiday season could we offer the inducements that now so * Lad ! es ' handkerchiefs with borders composed of al- Men's neckwear— tecks, imperials.
i^f^ ¥ colors for holiday fancy work. Per yard.. 5Oc strongly 'appeal to this city of buyers. Greatly increased floor space allows im- ' JaZZa^FaV * i a?" 1 u & u d in . sert 1 ion ; d « b y four-in-hands, bows and bat
NjSw J^^ F / nCy W n St s i lks — beaut i ful^ inch * oods that we « measurably larger stocks, and larger stocks bring with them far greater values Sw Zl £ ' ?3?i fT a J yl l? lf n hu T? red ' wings of rich silks and satins in li^
tO Se " 3t $I5 ° a OUf Pri " ° 5C . : — C ° mf - taWe »* -»oK ceS;oTs^slc^r ater - 1UeS ' der^^r^^^^^ 01^ pr^t^te^fe 0 e^S^^-
Xmas opening of the new wheel toy department to-morrow , hohday sa/e of all - silk ribbons -
?!,<. t^- «»i • i • i- c- '..'„.¦"''¦• "* ' A " Sllk fa?^y neck ribbons— 3^ inches wide— worth
C7]?® : palace in which Santa Ciaus has held high revel for several weeks past has been taken away in order and usually sold at 23c and 25c a yard— now ISc
Y-/jjfk to give greater room for the display of what is unquestionably the largest stock! of wheel toys ever brought * k • L sill S satin and ? ros Krain ribb ° n s in all the .
YJ?JA to thc Pacific Coast for distribution in a single season. / K bright and pretty colors for fancy work— , I
the dolls, books, games and general toys will be found on the third floor, as heretofore Price'.'!*. '.'.'5c 7c 9c 12c 14c i?c
Yj/Q^**sj\ f\~- m *' j>^*~- — " ' ' * S^ p ' cot e dge baby ribbons in all the wanted
,, ., . ... _ ' ~^S:=&£ y ( \ , 1 y*' . " == //^[^**^ s t o c kings ; \W- y %tM^N J lli|jgilP ¦ If you're perplexed as to what to buy for Christmas
Marble bust and pedestal— Dolls cottage with furni- Maeic lantern? lon R. ¦ „ . _ ; ., . . . . _ I7 inches v. O^^^ „.. — a visit to this department may lift you out of your dif-
worth SiopjaMur price ture-lithographed in colors wih t wel V e sSes- curly hair^ iShiJTSS ™S K h" Z. lone -each ¦d^^/"^ Soldier suits-reg- ficulty. Beautiful gift things peep Jut from every cor-
t 70 ' 50 ' 39c SS .^?!!!.. S il?io each ..^2.25 "SJ offr "^ now ** "fc "" "d their price! are easy t?pay.
holiday sale of silverware and jewelry hnhrlnu on/a nf nttinr, /,/r.oo l» m^ „ J ""* ' * l :l
These departments are brimful of useful, practical llUIIUUy OUlG OT C II I /ill, U/uSS, /ff/7?/?S fl/7flr tf/*£ CJOOUS lustration-worth 50c each-our price <VWT
and fanciful oift things. AVd that's not all. Prices n *u * *u- j if r 1.- ' • , • ** W mi k __ : 3t)c. Uf7i^ T>r K
are an additional attraction. They are considerably .,11 ,;",!, if! f d •°, r of , new . store Jl ? s P Iendld fathering of these goods. They fall under useful, practical or purely ornamental heads— and Hard celluloid satin-lined glove A OlW2Wf
lower than you've been accustomed to associate with VLt , a v. K enuinclv Popular prices. Ihose unacquainted with the money-saving methods of this store will be surprised to see how much dainti- boxes— assorted colors— worth .we Itfc'&it*
t this class of Roods. ness and quality a very modest sum will buy here. • each— our price ...39c F^^S
crSnie?and s S1 oon"hoId' " Hlif " DlttfeW^^^ n lUiJS^ liliil H I || I [//flf/l/l Fancv' celVuloid' glove '"aid* "necktie boxes— worth
.x^^S^^^ / r SWiH^^^^^lJffl 3s^Ai§s^S^.?f^£
50C S°° n ..: C '^2S)S i^^^^^^^^i^^^ kfe wi^SStbinerin^S eird^JcF^ #
* 'Pocket' "knives— t'ood Cerise night lamp— see illustration Cut glass olive dishes-clear, per- Bohemian glass vases— decorated Semi-porcelain decorated dinner raSr^mut bru^WomtTa^d X^^J^Ru?^
stee? blades and horn or % wortl 3 75 C . each. Our price 69c fect crystal with deep accurate cut- in colors and gold-14 inches tall- sets of I03 pieces-large enough "oT SSSr^Sh fSooTo \t S^lllR83
bone handles - each > FrenC^ Chma dl Tf SCt ° f I0 ° tmgS an - d , indes F ribable P» sm tints ~ see illustration 6_each 98c 12 persons-heavily treated with gold $4.25 S 1 8?L
?1.OO 75c 50c and P««s-large enough for 12 persons -see illustration 5-worth $2.00 Decorated table lamps with cen- -a new and very handsome shape— Fhted woVkbaskets^ach <£§ i! 2*AAl&&
... .35c handsomely decorated and stippled each-our price'. .$1.69 ter draft burners and globe or shade illustrations io, 11, 13 : S3 nw 95c to workbaskets-^ach "^^S^^g^f^
........... .^oc withgold— illustrations 1, .3 and 4 are Decorated ash trays— see illustra- -see illustration 7— only $2.95 part of this set— only 817.77 ArahV nr^an^" VmT •^^^^
Jm filfed'Knrn 8 thlS 1^^' ' u ' 27 - 67 tion ch ' ' ' ' ' 29c Handsomely decorated Bohemian P Bread and butte? piate's-prettily vdo? iS assorted tbt£ Toilet cas «- 93.50
Theset-^4.45 incSo^a^g!}^^ 15e
"THE CREDIT HOUSE"
Six Stories tH$b
Is your china closet just
what you'd like it to be,
particularly holiday times?
This one is nearly six feet high and
over three wide. Quartered golden oak
polished to show the beautiful grain.
Swell glass ends show the china to
best advantage. Bevel French plate
mirror and just enough carving to
set it off. $|9.50
Good China Closets for less; - finer
ones for more.
¦ The best things for gift - making are
; things that are good at. all times.
I Lace Bed Sets — $30.00
; Point de Calais applique; Spread and
: shams on fine, colored silk. Rich,'
i heavy lace, in design as delicate as
! frost tracings. Some kinds as low
cs S9.00 a set.
One to each purchaser
Extra high pile Axminster Rugs. Old
Persian, Arabian, and flower designs.
j Velvet softness and rare color effects.
• A rug to remind you long after of the
I holiday times that brought it. 27x54
: inches, deep fringed ends. Only one
rug to a purchaser $2.90
No trouble nor expense to you — we'll
hold and deliver holiday goods to
I reach their destination the right time.
Free Delivery in OakUnd, Alameda, Berkeley
M. FRIEDMAN & CO.
(Incorporated)
3S3-SSS-2ST Port St. Open Kveninffa
% leak, Buckingham & Hecht's Nova mS^Sm
are $5.00 the pair. Are built for wear and com- V^^^^p
fort, besides. No.oiled • silk or rubber linings to
fi sweat the feet— the leather guaranteed water- ,~' ! " l ***2|j
» proof — prevent damp^and^illy feet.
J^J^^Jraki^DsUjB^ I , iSf * Market St. *
¦ y Mj^H V)Afljpi»g jtPed —addness department "6;"
m : We would suggeat.that our largo
(I .and .'magnificent atock of Ladles' '.
AV Desks,' Bookcases, Parlor Stands. /
\^". Oak and Mahogany ' Rockers, In. /
]f payments cuttable to your, purse, ,.-
ff..\ will bo Ideal ChrUtrom pretienta. ' \.
\) THE J. NOONAN .
If FURNITURE COMPANY. Inc., )
\ 1017-1023 MISSION STREET •
13 f hone South U. Above 6th, San Francisco-
r t
| CMliren's Day |
f To-morrow |
| Afloll Hat Free With |
: Every Child's |
I Hat. I
I I
• You owe it to the little Z
; ones to brinjr them here to- -
: morrow. It's children's C
I day, and we've worked hard i
• to make up the prettiest. 5
r cutest and briehtest Hats £
= ever presented for chil- S
; dren's delijrht.: It's a rare :
: ' show of child Hat beauty 5
I they shouldn't miss. \
j Let them come with their 1
; dolls, for we'll jrive a doll's Z
I hat with every child's hat Z
Z sold. Prices are attrac- z
. tively low, too; so come. I
1 = f TKe, =
MT u. >f< ...nft7
THE
BLACK GOODS
HOUSE
1106 MARKET STREET.
We suggest 'for your
consideration the follow-
ln 8? Christmas presents?
A HANDSOME TAILOR SUIT
At-SI2.5O. SI5.OO, $17.50
$20.00,525.00. '
A STYLISH iiss SKIRT
At-$5.OO, S7.PO. $10.00
$12.50, $13.00.
A PRETTY SHIRT WAIST
At-$5.00, $6.80, $7.50.
$8.50, $10.00
A FUR SCARF.
A FUR CAPE.
iglgjC* Suits. Skirts and
I^Br Waists to Order.
R. T, KENNEDTCOMPANY,
Telephone South 472.