no_textWAS.:, SUSPICIOUS.
* "No," answered Colonel- Stillwell. "you
see, rm from Kentucky. Down where I
live nobody has to look for trouble." —
Washington Star.
" **I suppose you know the type of man
who la always looking for trouble?" re
marked the philosopher.
ALWAYS ON HAND.
J. Rime.— The other day you ,said my
vcrseai'would be sure to make a hit.
EdltorT-Yes. -r * ¦. -
J.'Rlroe — And.now.yoa ?a>"they*re ab
solutely rotten; nothing but doggereL •
Editor— Yes; you.seel when you showed
them to me, the other day I/thought you
were going to have them set to music-
Philadelphia Press. > ._: .?, - J
THE SUCCESSFUL- SONG.
Sam — Golly! It's slng'ler how. a rooster
crowin* affecks'me." -It beats all de tonics
in de wort' fer givln' a feller an appetite.
—Puck.
STIMULATES THOUGHT.
Magistrate— What is the charge against
the prisoner? :"V-V-"i>^ * ,
Maggie (the complainant)— De big loafer
insulted me. Judge. Dat's .w'at. -.. -
Chlmmie (the defendant)— No, I didn't.
Judge: I on'y smashed 'er In de Jaw.—
Philadelphia Press.
INDIGNANT DENIAL.
Husband— How much did you spend
down'town?
.Wife— Thirty-nine dollars and a halt
Husband— What did you get?
Wife— Bargains.— Detroit Free Press.
Mrs. Leo Hunter— Why are you suspi
cious of Count von Squint. He can't help
being cross-eyed.
Mr. Hunter— I know it; but be looks
crooked.— Smart Set.
WHAT SHE 'WAS LOOKING FOR.
SUSPICIOUS.
"Your friend Groome boasts that his
wife is college bred. What's meant by
college bred, anyway?" - : .
"Mebbe it's the stuff they learn to maka
at cookln' school." — Philadelphia Press.
- Gyles— "Why do you call that carriage of
yours a trap?
Styles— Because my wife can never get
o'ut of it without help.— Yonkers States*
manl- ¦-- . • ¦ .*.-"*
*\f£'EVr VIEW OF IT.
GOOD REASON.
Bloggs— An* you mean to s«ay as you'd
charge me J75 for paintin' my portrait?
Splasher-^That is* my price, sir.
Blopps — Bat supposln' I found my own
paint?— Ally Sloper.
"Why? What's hypocritical about
thatr "
Why, everything he's got Is In his wire's
name." ,
ECONOMICAL.
-SATIRICAL.
' That fellow Trayder Is a hypocrites.
The Idea of his quoting ."What's In a
name?' " . "
_•' "Marjse Tom," wild the colored constitu
ent^,; "is dey any chance . er me glttin" a
Jobflhde legislatur* dls term?"
"^VI don't know; what do you expect?"
too,' sun. dan de jruther legis»
laturs gits!" — Atlanta Constitution.
WAS MODEST.
She— Talked a hole through aa Iron pot!
What an absurd expression!
¦.Her-Ob. I don't know. I know a man
that, swore his way Into a steel jail. — In
dianapolis* Press. '
~Mr. Meddergrass — HI STocum cent $10 to
a' feller tn New York to find" out how to
win at roulette. .
Mr. Foddershaek-What did the feller
say? r
Mr. Meddergrcss — Bald to"nn the gam*
yourself."— Baltimore American.
MORE THAN ONE WAT I?C
A GOOD SYSTEM 1 .
Mr. B.— It Is hard to tell a woman's as*
hy her looks.
. Mrs. B.— I should hope- so. Why. this
old hat cf mine makes me look like 6C.-
Philadelphia- Bulletin.
GIVING HIM A - HINT.
Hereupon we spoke of evolution.
"After all." I observed sagely, "worry
has. been the mainspring of human pro
gress." - ,
My- new acquaintance agreed with me
perfectly.
**The monkey and the man," said he.
-started even. The monkey kept his hair
on -while the man did not>",^| 1
This It struck me was a notable In
stance of the vernacular lending itself to
the expression of scientific truth.— Detroit
Journal.
WORRY^
• "Well, madam, you should have thought
of that before you had him taken."— Tit-
Bits.
"I've come to tell you, sir, that the
photographs you took of us the other day
are not at all satisfactory. Why, my hus
band looks like an ape!" -
A LITTLE LATE.
*^[ gave Delia money to get me some
things In Paris, and here she sends a note
with them worded as if she were making
me a present of them."— Indianapolis
Journal.
"Well," this is great, I must say.**
"What's the matter?"
CONDESCENSION.
"These are my jewels," said the mother
of the Gracchi, pointing to her children. - ;
With a soulless laugh, Tertius'Balloniusi
the pawnbroker, refused to lend^ any
money on them, sa'ying they would eat up
the interest.— Baltimore American.
IN ANCIENT ROME.
"Flavilla, you ousht to take more pains
With your letters, to Myrtllla." .'*•.-..•. ¦/!'
"Nonsense.- pa,\ if she can read her own
•writing she can read mine."— Indianapolis
Journal. *¦"*-
GIRLISH ARGUMENT.
SilHc'us— I was awfully downhearted be
/oro I got engaged, i married for sym
pathy.
Cynlcus— Well, you've got mine.—Phil
adelphia Record. »
KEEP HIM IN MIND.
"Pauline has one tilde of her "boudoir
devoted -to photographs - of her "Io3t
beaus."
"So num. dead?"
"No; /"married."— Exchange.
JUST FOR A STARTER.
Askington— Who was your friend whom
t saw you walking with this afternoon?
Teller — Hoh! He wasn't a friend; that's
my brother-in-law, — Harper's Bazar. ¦
A DIFFERENCE.
"Isn't it. splendid," he said, cooingly,
"to be out here all alone."— Philadelphia
Press.
Mr. Borcm hiad found her in a secluded
bower near the lake, and he determined to
know his fate. He talked of many things,
and finally—' v ."
HERSELF ALONE.
"I want to know," angrily demanded the
celebrated London music hall star, "why
you are billing me as 'the peerless
actress?' " ¦ :¦ , ';:¦.. - " ."
"Why, what's ; the matter" with that?"
asked her American^rnanager.
"Matter? I, want you to know I had as
many peers chasing around after me in
London as any of the' other girls."—Phila
delphia Press. . ' -
Tom-I paid a visit to Miss Sweety's
house yesterday, and found her old man
fit home.
Dick— Ha! What did the old bear do?
Kick you out?
Tom— Oh, no. He was very polite; asked
me to call again. . r ¦
Dick— You don't mean It? Why, .he
never lets any one call on his daughter.
Tom— I wasn't calling on her. I was
trying to collect a bill the old man ow«3
the lirm.— Philadelphia Press.
LIBELOUS.-
A DIFFERKNT MATTER.
ENLARGED EYESIGHT.
"What is your Idea of the difference be
tween a politician and a statesman?"
"Well, a politician knows what he is
voting for; a statesman knows what he is
voting against.':— Indianapolis Journal. ,
IN THE UNCONGESTED DISJPRICT.
Towne— Now that I'm out this far I
may as well call on Brown also. Ha*3
your next door neighbor, isn't he?
Subbubs— -Yes; wait a moment 'and I'll
megaphone and see if. he's" at/ home.-
Puck.
/1LI1I yUJNUAg UAl^l->.
Uncle — That's what, by gosh!,-. And. the
package right next it Is full^of sawdust,*
an' Jest behind that yew'll Bee three wal
nut shells an' a rubber pea. About wun-st
a month I explain the mysteries uv them
articles tew the children.— Puck.
City Nephew (visiting In country)— Why,
what's this, uncle, a gold brick?'.- ., .
A SENSIBLE FATHER.
"I guess it ain't very nice there," re-'
piled the liitle city boy. "I don't see any
'keep off the grass' signs."— Philadelphia
Press. V '*-.
"Now, Wll!!e," said Mrs. Towne," on ths
day- they moved Into their new suburban
home, "why don't you go over and play in
that big field?" \. \"\~ .
WHY HR DIDNT
Mrs. Soak —You ought to be ashamed of yourself.- You have come home Jnink
•very night this week, except Tuesday^.' ..:»•"-- . .; .
Mr. Soak—You're right, my dearsh. I was—hid-sick Tuesday.
V-v*. * - T\TT* A T\ V A QV
"It's hard-to be naor." . .,
"No; it's rather easy; the hard part Is to get ricn.
2
-HIS MISTAKE-
"Great Scott! " Here's the whole fire department T*
9 '' *~ti£^>s4«r*^*lS
But: It wasn't.A SAGi:,CONCLUSION.
"I hyuhd it sa!d " in school." re
marked Miss Mil mi rjrov.-n. "dot man Is
a biped wif no feather*."
"What's a biped T" asked Mr. Erastus
Pinkly.
"Da's-er-a animal* wif two laigs."
"Well. Miss Miami, it sho'ly is lucky
de feathers was lef off. Da's what keeps
us fnm takin' cne another foh chickens
an' bein' cannibals." — Washington Star.
WONDER3 OF ?1 EMORY.
"Isn't It wonderful how a man's mem
ory is stimulated as he sinks for the third
tirr.c in drowning!"
"Wonderful, indeed! I was just reading
of a well attested case of a politician who
upon linking that way actually remem
bered the p:cOgcs he had made to his con
stituents before eltctlon!"— Detroit Jour
nal.
A WOMAN'S QUESTION.
The Paying Teller— I cannot caah this
check, madam.
She— Why r.ot?
"There isn't enough money here to
ir.tet it"
•Then can't you meet it half way?" —
L. : fe.
"Is this wfcrt you call a changeable cli
uale?" a^ked the stranger.
THE WAYS OF A CLIMATE.
"Not exactly," answered the native. "It
experiments around until it sets about as
oii=a greeable as it is possible for weather
to be. Then It hangs on." — Washington
Ctar.
VERY FORTUNATE.
Cjurs : c— Just aftah I stahted out It be
gan wsiinir.g; and 1 had to turn back.
Miss Ko3tiqi:e — Hew., fortunate that
there was tome one there to tell you!
Gu?£ie— To tell me what?
Miss Kostique — That it was raining. —
Philadelphia Kw ord. T
CALLOUS.
"llard-hoarto'l man! Has his heart
never been touched?"
"Never. No (ne has ever succeeded in
rra'cirg an in:prorsi;-n even on his pocket
loo!!."— Philatielj.OiIa North American.
WALTED REBUKE.
Clergyman— I cuus'H jour son flsh"..g
last Sunday. Mr. Bunks.
Mr. Bunks— Ah! then that's the reason
I couldn't tind my fishing rod when I
war.tc-d It-— Ally SIo. or.
A SERIO-US MATTER.
Tee — A Scotchman can't s»r> a JDhe, they
say. and yet he originated golf.
Putt— Well, golf is no joke.— Detroit
Free Piesa.
THE SEQUEL.
"Ah. but you have a loving husband,
Mrs. Simms. I remember before your
marriage he said he would move heaven
and earth for you."
"I remember; but now that wo are mar
ried he won't even condescend to move the
dresser so that I may sweep ber.eath it." —
Chicago News.
THE MAID AND THE CLEVELAND
MAN.
A well-known railroad man. who is also
a city official, took an Eastern jaunt with
his wife last month and finally reached
Bar Harbor.
Wht-n he stepped up to the clerk of the
leading fashionable hotel of the p!;:ce n«*
was a little appalled at the contemptuous
manner in which that mag:iifuont cr«a
ture set-med to regard such paltry trifles
as hard-tarned dollars.
**A room in the house for one we^k will
cost each occupant 517." tit> remarked in
his airy manner, as he looked Ptralyht
through the atmosphere just above tho
Questioner's hat.
"And mca!s?"
"Moals are $21 per woik for oach per
son."
"There was a brief silence, during which
the Cleveland ir.un made a rapid mental
calculation.
But licforo be could speak the clerk
again put in his oar.
*'Jn addition to the other charges." hf
rrmarkrd in a voice as monotonous as
Dan Daly's, "each guest must pay $10 for
the maid."
The Cleveland man smiled. He fancied
he had the ci»*rk this time.
"Why, we haven't any maid," he chuc
kled.
"I understand." said th«» -clerk In his
iciest manner; "but I did not reter to your
maid. I referred to our maid. Each guest
of the hcuse will lay $10 per week for the
services cf the maid in caring for the
room occupied by raid gutst."
The Cleveland man stared. He is famil
iar with hotels of every description and in
all yrrtiors cf the country, but he haJ
never fcefore run up ngH T nst quite so hard
a proposition. But he stra'ghtened him
self and n ached fcr the pen.
"J'll call vomt monumental bluff." he
<=aJd. "Gimme a room!" — Cleveland Plain
Dialer.
A PORCH PARTY.
"Did you have a good talk with the
DwlRRsof bat night, daughter?"
"No. ma. we didn't talk; the men quar
reled about politics and Clara and I
used the weather."— Detroit Free Press.
A HOSTESS ON PARADE.
"What was it Myrtilla did .that was s>o
dreadful?"
"Why. our literary club met at her
house. "and she wanted to show her nrw
bat. so she wore it." — Puck.
IN TIIK-CONSERVATORY.
L^na 1'onhim — You put your arm around me so gracefully.
Otto Likeit— Before falling heir to my fortune 1 was a conductor.
Lena— What line 9
Otto— Belt line.
"We eland on the immortal constitu
tion." cried the orator.
FROM THE OFFING. *
"That Is« to pay." remarked the grumpy
one, "you trample it under foot." — Phila
delphia North American.
. Miss Kortj summers— Jack, what sort of
woman have you idealized as a wife when
you marry?
Jack (yawning)— Oh, any old thing.
Ml»a Fortysummer3— Sir!— Ohio Stale
Journal.
1 N VA SPEN SABLE.
First Citizen— We arc sending mission
aries in constantly increasing numbers to
all r" rti5 of tne BlobeT
Second Citizen— Yes.- indeed.. Come to
think of it. we do need a larger army.—
Tuck.
BUT NOT ORNAMENTAL.
The ncrvcus young man backed into the
nearest chair. The fair girl glared at
him. "You're a" bird!" »he cried sarcas
tically.
"Why— er— what?" he gasped.
"You're on my hat!" she fairly
screamed.— Philadelphia Press.
WHY HE PLAYED. WELL.
Mrs. "Wayuppc — I thought the •weddin?
music masrniilcent, A throbbing note of
triumph, o^ ineffable J«jy,* seemed to run
through it as though the organist were
inspired. . - . .
Mrs. Nowltt — The organist was inspired,
no doubt. He was the bride's first hus
band and now he doesn't have to pay all
mony no more.— Philadelphia Press.
CANDID.
"Cook," said Mrs. Hostess solemnly at
the eleventh hour, "we have forgotten all
but the entrees." •
And th«- cook, in her excitement, re
sponded with: "Lor* mum, so we have!
If we ain't a couple of blunder-headed
idiots, may I never'."— Tit-Bits.
THE VERY LATEST.
Sunday-school teacher— God first made
the world and all the beast3 and the birds.
Now, what was . the last thing * he
created?
Willie Green— Why, I guess it's the
biand-new baby that came to our house
Friday. I ain't hoard of anything later
—Philadelphia Press.
Went With the Side Just Once.
Not a!l the residents of Cape Cod are
eccentric, as those who are not familiar
with the region might Infer from the
many stories which are told of queer
characters there But It is no doubt a
fact that many Cape Cod people have
strongly accentuated dispositions In one
way or another.
In Cotuit. many years ago. a local le
gend runs. Captain Barnabas Z and
his wife. Abigail, who were both queer
aftrr their way. lived at peace for a good
many.;, cars, in spite of the fact that Ab
israil was said -to be the "contrariest
woman in Cape Cod." Whatever was said
or proposed she was always sure to go
ajiainst it.
J5ut Captain Barnabas was as natien*
as his wife was contrary and by dint
of always allowing for his wife's disposi
tion and usually proposing the exact op
posite of what he wished her to do he
pot along very comfortably for r_anv
years.
But at last on one evil day. when Mrs.
Abigail Z was down at the harbor
visiting a relative on board a schooner
then in port, she fell overboard and sanK
in the water.
Captain Barnabas was near by and wai
called in haste. He reached the spot and
Immediately went out In a- boat to search
for his wife.
"Look here!" some one called out fran
tically, seeing him push off. "You're go
ing the wrong way of the tide. You're
looking up the tide, not down tl.e tide."
The captain kept on.
"Mebbe." said he. calmly, "you weren't
acquainted with Abisail. If 'twas any
body else they'd gone with the tide, but
bcin' as it's Abigail I reckon If she hain't
gone against the tide it warn't her that
fell in."
This time Barnabas' philosophy wa»
wrong. His wife's body was found next
day down the harbor. For once she haJ
Cone with the tide.
The Stuttering Tailar.
- There^ Is-, one! marked I peculiarity about"
most. men who stutterC -When. they become
excited the. only thing j they' can do to re
cdVe"r~ their.' lost speech is ; to Bins, and
when. in anger their jaost fluent mode of
communication. is through, profanity. Not.
long "ago a" boat which sallad from this
l>ort had on board a aailor who stuttered
tinder , all He was excit
able in the extreme and at critical times
it was impossible, for- him to say a
word. 'The.nvate.of,theve3sel_;Tvas a tall,
muscular fellow -by the. name" of Barna
bas. His" peculiarity;: was -that he always
kept himself busy, and that when he had
no work of his own he'would do the work
of the sailors. One day he was busy along
the rail and the sputtering seaman look
ing that way saw him lose his balance
and drop into the lake. * He ran in an ex
.cited way to the captain and was trying
-to report the incident, but could give vent
to nothing more Intelligible than'a suc
cession of sputters. The master divined
from the look on the man's face that
something was wrong and shouted out: .
"Jf you can't say it, damn it. sing it."
The sailor took two hitches in his
trousers, whistled once and droned out 1»
a sing-song way: .->.¦;.;. -
"Overboard is Barnabas
Half a mile astarn of us."
:¦:.. . — Cleveland Leader.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
SCIENCE VS. "WOMAN.
The Owl— Hoot! Hoot!
Sandy DobKTOr-Hoot, m« n! Sure, that's
*jiiz.L^n M<<_'larion's. O'id ken h.j» voice
cn-a-uere.
Jones he works up his shoulder muscles.
And he gets leg exercise on the trapeze.
Ard he delivers awful Jabs and swings to his physical culture Instructor.
Then Mrs. Jcnrs object* to the racket that awakened Baby Jones, and she Is
awarded the vktcry in icur.d one!
3In going downward from the hair, stop a
few moments at the eyebrows. Brush
thrm every daylnto a graceful curve. It's
all very well for us who havev.stralght
eyebrows to content ourselves with the
thought that they indicate brains, but we
know that we'd rather see our daughters
growing up with arched .. ones. A small
tooth brush,' persistently used, will do the
work. Dip it in olive oil to stimulate the"
growth of sparse -eyebrows. Or try an.
ointment made of one dram boric acid,
one-half ounce vasaline, one-half ounce
lanoline.
Never pull out hairs from eyebrows that
meet. They. will only grow the thicker for
your pains. _ In time the electric needle
can be used If necessary,.. but not until
the young lady Is old enough to decide for
herself.
A pretty noso is the making of & profile.
No one, big or little, should go to bed
without the pores of the face perfectly
cleansed of dust. Bathe the baby face
thoroughly in warm water and make the
operation as' comfortable as may be by
using a towel wrapped about your hand,
the ends twisted and held away, so_that
no corners nor fringes drag and drip and
tickle in the -way that makes face wash
ing a misery .to the average child— and
mother. .^
ger signals, but her beauty trials will be
diminished by half if her childhood's com
plexion is" looked after.
unless you start her. in the rig"ht direction.
Don't let hair-treatment people, who
operate behind flaming advertisements,
touch the young, delicate growth of hair,
whose salvation means so much to her fu
ture beauty. Take care of it yourself.
Until she is two' or three years old, her
hair is not very long and it is easily
washed every day at the time of the
morning bath. Afterward, once a week is
often enough and the simple' sudsing is
dignified into a shampfco. Make a mixture
of beaten eggs — whites and yellows,
whipped together— tq.'.which a pinch of
borax and half a v cupful of warm water
are added. Rub this mixture thoroughly
through the hair and into the scalp, rinse
with warm water and dry as quickly as
possible. The scalp should be wiped first,
then the hair dried with a towel, or, bet
ter yet, in the sun and wind, provided the
day be warm enough.
Brush out the hair at night. Ten to
one, you are in the habit of braiding it.
Don't do it. You say it is neat and com
fortable. Yes. but it is not healthful to
the hair. It gives no chance for ventila
tion. Tie the locks loosely at the neclr
and let them hang freely. .
The problem of many a woman is her.
complexion. Help her by solving the
problem before it arises. To be sure,
uh» will always have' to watch for dan-
•=jP HERE isn't i b»by in town , that
I isn't already pretty to its mother.
]i There isn't a baby in town that can't
be pretty to everybody else if its
mother will take a little pains.
Health attends to 'all the elements of
beauty, and to look after the, youngster's
health properly - you must lurn to
hygienic books or to ' physicians or to
your own common-sense. Supposing that
these first principles are properly attend
ed to, the finishing touches are worth con
sidering, r *
To begin at the top. "Your little girl is
never going to rejoice in a crowning glery
for the purpose. Sharpen it as often as
need be and It is as simple and inexpensive
a manicure tool as can be had. Complete
the outfit with a tie and scissors, and
keep the latter more for appearance's
sake than for u>e. They are cood for
long nails and nothing else. The file keeps
the r.ails at a proper, length and in the
form of the finger tip. which is the cor
rect form for all ases of fingers. Twice
a week the filine nv-st be attended to, for
the little nails grow like weeds.
finger nails had to be. attended to It was
great fun to talk about which ones had
been the naughtiest and were the dirtiest.
Before the fun of the game was over
every one of the Finger Family was clean
and rosy.
And by the way, manicuring should be
just as much a part of the baby toilet as
of the grown-up one. It's a good prin
ciple to follow, that the baby should be
in every respect as dainty as. if she were
old enough to care for . herself. Dirty
finger nails are the inevitable result of
mud pies, and heaven prevent that their
joys ever be forbidden; but don't let their
signs remain. It is a great deal of work
to keep the little nails clean? Of course.
What of It?
An orange wood stick is the best thing
I The making over of a pug nose pays for
the trouble. This must be accomplished
before the cartilage hardens into bone and
is past redemption. **-
Cartilage is a somewhat yielding sub
stance, and with patience it can be
brought to terms. Narrow a wide, flat
little pug nose by gentle rubbing from
bridge to tip. Don't pinch. If you do,
the baby will snort and wriggle, and when
it comes time again for the nose beautify
ing you will probably find her in a trunk
or under the bed. Don't let any of these
treatments be a bugbear* There is no
reason why they can't be turned into
play instead of persecution. There was
once a mother who named all the fingers
of two- chubby little hands and called
them the Finger and when the
4
tox^UttXPAY CAI4
HOW TO MAKE THE BABY
PRETTYThere are mental beauties, too, that can
be cultivated, and which would take a
dozen more pages to discuss. Smiles, and
laughter, plenty of them, are great beau
tifiers. They can't be taught— they don't
need to be. All they ask for is "encour
agement.
and have 'delightful hops with your own
daughter. Unconsciously the muscles of
her beautiful, litttle body. will come under
her control, and she will gain a poise that
direct effort can't accomplish.
no necessity for their standing out from
the head as if about to flop. Carelessness
in a. mother or nurse is usually responsi
ble for this" defect! Many'childreh arc al
lowed to" lie in such a "position as to press
the ears forward. Often a touch^will right'
this". In an obstinate case a little'skeleton
cap may- be .made of; tape, or ribbon, and
worn at night."-; Let 'the ties under the chin
be so loose as- not to interfere with per
fect breathing. v ' ',',: •. -''•>,
Beyond the beauties of face, look out for
those of form, A thousand exercises are
taught nowadays to develop grace -and
curves. Simple' dances are the most en
joyable for both you and the child. If the
little one cannot attend dancing school
you may^iurn the nursery inta.a ballroom
There is more genuine Pleasure In being
the spectator of a soul-thrilling dance like
that than in taking an active part in" the
lifeless make-believes performed at so
ciety balls In many of the more western
countries of Europe or in America. ¦'
' The modern society ball In America is
little more than a dress promenade, but In
a Russian ballroom the. guests actually
dance; they do not merely shamble to and
fro In a crowd, crumpling their clothes
and ruffling their tempers, and call It a
set of quadrilles. They have ample space
foi\ the sweeping moVements and compli
cated figures of .all -the orthodox ball
dances, and "are generally gifted' with suf
ficient plastic grace to carry them out in
style. They carefully cultivate dances
calling for a kind of grace which is almost
beyondlttte reach of art. . The rrfazurka is
one of the flnest'of 'these,, and It is quite
a;. favorite at j balls on' the* banks of the
Neva. It needs a good deal of room, one
or more spurred officers and grace. Listen
to' the description: "The dash with which
the partners- rush forward, the clinking
and clattering of spurs as heel clashes
with heel In midulr, punctuating the stac
cato of the music; the loud thud of boots
striking the ground, followed by their sib
ilant slide along the polished »loor;'then
the swift springs and sudden bounds, the
whirling gyrations and dizzy evolutions,
the graceful genuflections and quick em
braces and all the other intricate and
maddening movements to the accompani
ment of one of Glinka's or Tschaikow
sky's masterpieces, awaken and mobilize
antique heroism and medieval chivalry."
Dancing in Russia.
some more neglected baby. Teach the lit
tle people to eat daintily, they have
made the first step toward being good din
ner table companions.
"It's the oldcase of handsome is as hand
some does/ r, .
5
Polishing is hardly worth while In any .
ca^e, ar.d brilliant polishing is out of style i
at present. However, if you have plenty
of time, you will get very charming
sults by rubbing the little pink nails to a
moderate twinkle.
Great pairw thouUl be taken with mouth
and teeth. A oentist shoul i examine the
baby's teeth twice a year and promptly
fill all decaying teoth. Endless pains and
disfigurements and bills may be spared in
this way. Let the dentist conclude his
work by a thorough cleaning with the in
struments which he keeps for that pur
pose; the rest of the time look after th«
cleaning yourself or teach the child to.
Little folks don't like to brush their
teeth, but your own tact should overcome
this obstacle. See that it Is done thof-
The ears should never be forgotten.
Their eize can't be helped, but there is
Avoid much dentistry by avoiding many
sweets. A youngster who never ate can
dy wouldn't be a youngster at all; but
moderation will save both teeth, stomach
and complexion.
listerine deserves a few words. It is an
invaluable antiseptic A sore throat Is
often cured by it and more serious ill
nesses prevented. Mixed with warm water
it may be used as a gargle, and the learn
ing to gargle is amusing to any child.
Rinsinc out the mouth ¦with a solution of
listerine wards off many ills.
oughly morning and night, occasionally
using a carefully chosen tooth powder.
Dental floss Is another toilet requisite.
While we are talking about the mouth.
Good table manners may make a plain
child appear beautiful, especially when
brought into contrast with the spoon
banging and bUtter-smearing habits of
.rKDAY CALL.Clerk— Those new gloves are to sell for
a dollar, aren't they?
VERBATIM ET LITERATIM.
Tuther— That's too big a question to an
swer offhand. But I do know that it Is
bound to result in a strong race of politi
cians. Nobody but a man of the best
stamina Is able to stand the strain of car
rying all the different rational beverages
through a campaign.— Indianapolis Press.
Wunn— Don't you think this constant in
fusion of foreigners is one of the elements
of our country's strength?
GOOD OF THE FOREIGN ELEMENT.
"That woman lecturer said It was vul
gar to sneeze."
"Well?"
"Then she sneezed." — Chicago Record.
FATE.
Mamma — These groceries only came to
90 cents. Mr. Sands should have given
you 10 cents change.
Elsie — Yes. ma'am, he did."
Mamma— Well, .where Is It?
Elsie — Why, mamma, they were selling
peanut molasses candv, and it seemed
such a bargain at 13 cents a pound I
just couldn't help taking a pound.—Phila
delphia Press.
"The men who peddle candies on the
street. After I have been interviewing
men of wealth about our campaign fund
to hear these venders offer to stop any
kind of a cough for a few cents is abso
lutely maddening."— Washington Star.
THE FUTURE WOMAN.
"I am glad," "said Senator Sorghum.
' that I have a soul superior to slang;
otherwise I'd be tempted to Inaugurate a
persecution of some harmless and useful
members of society."
"Who are they?"
CONCERNING COUGHS.
"Well, er— no. But. waiter, I was a lit
tle curious to know how this dog's license
happened 'to be In it."— Chicago Dally
News.
"Walter, are you sure this is a pork
sausage?"
"Yes, sir; I hope you do not think other
wise?" ¦ *
"Here's a very good book." said the
persistent railway bookstall boy; "How
to Win a Woman."
"Look here," Fa'.d the bald-headed pas
senger, "if, you've got one on how to lose
'em I'll buy it at your own price."— St.
Louis Post Dispatch.
ANOTHER SUSPICIOUS CASK.
WHAT HE NEEttED.
Petted Daughter— They asked me to play
at Mrs. Highup's this evening, and 1 did.
but-
Fond Mother (proudly)— Were they not
entranced?
Petted Daughter— Hum! When I played
"Life on the Ocean Wave," with varia
tions, half of them left the room.
Fond Mother (ecstatically) — That's won
derful. They must have been seasick. —
Spare Moments.
CEREBRO-GASTRIC.
WISE BOBBY.
Teacher— Who Is It that sits idly by, doing nothing, while everybody else Is
working?
Bobby-The teacher.
Helen— Careful of her .health! Not
much! He's' ashamed to have her seen
out in that rainy. day skirt of Lers.—Som
erville Journal.
Angela— How careful your cousin Tom
Is of Ws wife's health. She told me yes
terday that he never would let her go out
shopping in wet weather.
HIS MOTIVE.
Mr. Wiggins— Yes; I said Vl^t's play a
game of chess, will you, Mary?" and I
guess you only heard the last three
words."— Indianapolis Sun.
Mrs. Wiggins — John, dear, do you re
member how you proposed?
SOMETHING LIKE THAT.'
"Yes, and my big sister says we mustn't
•spfect as much for our money at a church
sociable, 'cause it's to help them," added
another of the trio*. "That last remark set
tled it with the three little maids.—
Worcester Spy. ;
"But then -we had a real nice time and
got nice large dishes of ice cream," con
tinued the first speaker in turn.
"And did you see that lady give her own
little boy three pieces?" volunteered the
third.
"Why, we could buy a whole loaf of
cake at a bakery for 5 cents," chimed in
another little tot.
Some children have wise heads set on
their diminutive shoulders. Here's an ex
ample that Is really true.'
Three little girls were given 15 cents
each by their fond mammas and allowed
to go to a church lawn party recently.
The nexi day they were heard discussing
the event in much the same strain that
their older sisters would do. Said one lit
tle curly head:
-"I think those ladles were real stingy
with their cake. ' They only gave us one
little bit of a piece." -
Wise Young Heads.
**I suppose, my dear young lady, that you will return to college soon and take
Xil> your regular class \vo;k with great interest. What studies will you pursue?"
"Oh! yes; football, Laskot-bail, golf, bowling, rowing, archery and hockey, and—
and— well, maybe I'll take up a little literature just for recreation."
Professor Braynp — 3o am 1. "A friend ot
mine l(»;ii'r>t-'l it and he spends a lot cC
t.'ice at it which he r^aliy ought to de-
Professor Wise— I understand that golf
is 3 fascinating gam<\ I an almost afraid
to learn it.
"I didn't expect to prove anything." an
swered the orator. "All I hoped to do was
to confuse the other fellow so that ho
couldn't prove that I didn't prove any
thing."—Washington Star. *
THE DANGEROUS GAME OF GOLF.
"What did you expect to prove by that
exceedingly long-winded argument of
yours?*.' asked the friend.*
STRATEGY.
"That's easy." said the Snake editor,
helpfully: "head It "Died from Expos
ure.* "—Philadelphia Press.
"This is a great story," said the new re
porter, "but I can't think of a good head
for It. It's about a trusted employe
whose accounts 'were found to be crooked,
and when he was accused of It dropped
dead."
PUTTING A HEAD ON IT.
"Talk about your tender-heartod men."
paid the garrulous individual, speaking of
his t'riend. "that man ts so tender
hearted that lie will cross the street to
avoirt meeting rren that owe him money."
— India napulis Newa.
TENDER-HEARTED.
Mrs. Starvem— I should say he was an
elephant, for he's taken his trunk with
him.— Philadelphia Press.
Mr. Starboard — Well, that should be a
relief to you. You've often declared he
was an elephant on your bands.
Mrs, Starvem— That Mr. Slopay has
skipped out without paying his board.
MIGHT HAVE LEFT THAT.
"Thash all ri'," answered the misguided
person; "don't you worry, ol" fel*. I'm
shnake charmer by p'feshun."— Baltimore
American. ¦'.>.*? ¦''¦¦
"My good man/* said the earnest re
former to the misguided man who was
tarrying but Itttle between flowing bowls,
"my good man. you should cease this un
seemly carousing. You are in danger of
an attack of delirium tremens."
NO NEED TO WORRY.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
IN A BANK BOOK. \
Cholly—I can't find word3 to express my love for your daughter, sir."
Her Father—Figures will do.
Greene— I cV n't kno'v whether I do or
not. Akjs mix me up awfully. -If I'm,
not so young as I was. neither Is .ny sis
ter so old ns she jitis ten years .150.
Please don"* ask me to explain. It makes
my head ache every time I think of It.
Brown — You are not so young as you
were, you know.
MA DC HIM TIRED.
"The way boys'll spend the hull day
climbin', trees to rob birds' nests an' go to
sleep before happast.ten In the mornln' 'ef
you send 'em out to collect a few hens*
eggs. "-Washington Star.
"There's no use o' tryin' to explain It,"
said Farmer Corn tassel.
"Tryin' to explain what?" Inquired his
Wife. X
DISCREPANCIES.
. Yunker — It was -the narrowest escape I
ever, went through. The check from
Uncle John arrived while the landlord
was sending for a policeman.—Indianapo
lis Press.
Eldster— Naw.
Yunker — Did I ever tell you about that
narrow escape I had from a hotel flM
while I was in New York?
NARROW ESCAPE.
"Rastus (Interrupting minister during marriage ceremony) — Pahson, would yoa
mln' readin* dat part about "love, honor an* obey" jest once mo'? 1 doan' want da
bride to dfsremember it.
"Oh, shame!" cried the neighbors; "she*»
playing again !*'
"What harm? The poor widow was lonely.
She found the piano a solace, and then
She was using the black keys only.
— Catholic Standard and Times.
IN MOURNING.
! Clerk (to Mrs. Markley a moment later)
—They're $1 75, ma'am, though of course
;-they"re only worth a dollar.— Philadelphia
Press.
Dealer — Who wanta to know? Mrs.
Markley? Oh, she's easy. Tell her $1 75.
though of course they're only worth a
dollar.
6, Par- -iv
Don; pray do keep your seat."
- —Puck.
SPEECHLESS WITH SATISFACTION.
She sat in his lap in a cable car
And her language I won't repeat;
She blushed and arose, and" he said: "Beg
POLITE.
-,_"Great Scott! Madam— I — here, boys,
let's go to the club!"— New York Herald.
"Yes, yes. Say, am I telling this story
or are you? I asked her if I should call
an ' ambulance. She whispered; 'No; get
me a cab.' I. got her. a hansom- 1 — "
"No, don't you .remember, darling— an
automobile." - ...
'""Yes, I know;; but that was before— I
mean afterward— I mean — Mrs. B., you get
meirattled. Please don't Interrupt. She
smiled at me some time, anyhow. • She
seemed to thank me in a mutej; manner."
"One moment; dear. You certainly told
me she was voluble in her thanks after
ward."
"I think you are mistaken again, dar
ling. • You,U»ld-me she. was unconscious."
->Welf, she broke her blessed ankle, or
twisted it, and'I had the satisfaction of
carrying her into the' nearest drugstore.
She smiled a sweet smile at me ' "
"I think "you're mistaken, hubby. You
certainly said 'pink* when you told me the
story." \
" "Well, let it go at that— it was either
blue or pink— and a white dress "
VNo; she was dressed all in blue; don't
you remembejr?" ; . i ;» ;."'
-The host gave his wife a look, that came
from a marble heart. "She kept looking
at me — -" ' ' ¦" . »• ;
"No, dear; you did at her." .1
'•/'Well, . confound It,: we'. both*. looked at
each other. \ Her face seemed familiar to
me. She was .tripping^along, looking as
fresh" as a peach, when' suddenly she slip
ped on a banana skin and-' broke- her
leg - — " :¦-¦¦- 1% ' -;¦ ;'; ,\\ ¦'<
."No, no, Reginald, her ankle."
"Bless my soul, Mrs. B., would you lika
to tell the rest of the story?" *
"Now don't get mad. dear; but do be
accurate." ' .. ..... \ \
:'Yes;:i;thlnk;it was Broadway, but It
doesn't matter much. At all events I was
going down town,' when a lady'dressed in
a blue .wafst— ; — " .-'.:• *. ~ "¦ l\ '¦ l
"I'll tell you a good story, boys," said
the host,- as there .tv as ¦ a' pause In* the'eon
versation; "it's about a lady, too." . j \
£j Instantly there "was a 'craning; of necks.
"That story about Mrs. Archibald,
love?" interrupted his wife. - \ * '
"Yes, my dear; the one I told you about
the other day.. It happened this way: I
was going down Fifth av — "
"You. told me Broadway, my! love/'
She Helped Him Out.
Empty Eagan — Like a meal ticket with
every meal punched out. — Brooklyn Life.
Hungry Hooley— How d'yer feel, old
chappy? .
HOW HE FELT.
"Yes; and the inscription on it i cads:
'Erected to the memory of Patrick Jeremy
Delahanty by his grandson and name
sake, P. Jerome De La Hanlay, Esq.' "—
Philadelphia Press.
"I understand old Delahanty's favorite
grandson, to whom he left all his money,
has erected a fine monument to the. old
man's memory."
THE EFFECT OF MONEY.
"It teaches us how to get the fatted
calf," was the prompt reply of the bad
boy at the foot of the class.— Chicago
Post.
"And what does the story of the prod,
leal son teach us?" asked the teacher.
PERVERTED MORAL.
"I understand that you are a distant
relative of the wealthy Goldmans."
-Yes."
"How distant?"
"As distant as they can keep me.**—Phil
adelphia. Record.
DISTANT RELATIVES.
"Speaking of ships.*- safd the senti
mental young bachelor, "courtship is a
transport."
"Yes." retorted the hen-pecked benedict,
"but marriage is a warship."—Philadel
phia Press.
SHIPS.
And he jotted down the idea for future
us.- in his St. Helena monologues.—Chi
cajro Tribune.
"The worn thing about this whole busi
ness." muttered Napoleon, turning when
fiifcly outside cf Moscow to take a look
at the burning city, "is that all the fel
lows who believe the charges published
against me in those London papers will
say I am retiring under tire!"
SIDE LIGHTS ON HISTORY.
• *'I stood on the bridge at midnight." be
fran the bright-young man who had con
cented to eloeute for the «n:erta:nment of
the guests.
'•Hurrah:", exclaimed his bosom friend.
'•What forT* asked the elocutionist,
rather annoyed by the interruption.
"I am glad to know you were able to
Ftand anywhere at midnight."— Baltimore
American.
A CAUSE FOR JOY.
"iUght lhar, sir," v/as the reply, "and
will be for three years more, and the way
thry go on about how hard he works and
the way they praise him for his goodness
ef heart Jest makes me feel to wish that
my other three boys would git up and do
sathin' for themselves to be talked
about!"— Washington Post.
"It kinder docs a man pood to hear
folks »r«isii«- one of his children," ob-
M rv< d the !IUle old man who had Jr.st
l.<tirdfd :tn Alexandria electric car.
"Yes. a father likes such things.- re
p!:«d the man addressed.
••Tlwy say my son Jo« is the best boy In
the whole pistes." continued the old man
a." a smile lighted his face.
"Yes?"
•¦ Han't made a kick in the last two
5«;irs."
"No?"
-Got religion three mon'.hs ago. and Is
r:It kin' right to it like a dog to a root I
t ka*s!y believed that Joe would ever take
to religion, and I'm awfully glad of it.
They say he's truthful and honest and
e : u:«-t, and they wouldn't be afraid to send
l.im down town alone." •¦'¦;-.
'Is it a manufacturing establishment
thai your sonis connected with?"
'Kinder that way. though they call it
the penitentiary."
"You don't mean that he's in State pris
on!" exclaimed the man.
Had Three Oihers.
THE REVERSE.
•*She Is what I call an overdressed woman."
"You should have seen her last summer when she was in bathlne.*"
. Boarder— You made me pay In advance
at first because 'I' was' a "stranger." That
was all right. But I am not a stranger
now..
Landlady— No, I know you now.— Puck.
"Pa, what's a raconteur?" - '
"Oh. that's a fellow who never tells
shady stories unless he' has. a full dress
suit on."— Chicago' Times-Herald.
STILL IN ADVANCE.
He— Nothing could ever come between
us. could It, dear? -.- ¦ V"« .. %
She— I can't think of a single thing/ un
less I should happen to" become engaged
to some other man. — Harper's Bazar.
- ~ .' .
PLAINLY DEFINED..
ed animal. ~
Brown— What do you mean?
Jones— Look at the Kangaroo— it has
pockets in Its skin!— Indianapolis Journal.
THE ONLY POSSIBILITY.
Jones— I say that a man is a deterlorat-
MISSING ZOOLOGICAL CONVENI
ENCES.
out looking for trouble just now."
•That's bo; but each is out hunting
trouble for the others."— Detroit Free
Press. >
"All the nations of the earth seem to be
AN IMPERIAL SEARCH.
queries editor.
"Ask on, ~my friend."
"When is the open season for shooting
stars?"
But before the editor could answer him
he was gone. — Philadelphia Inquirer.
**I. wish to ask a question pertaining to
the game laws," said the visitor -to. the
"But f till your hair Is perfectly dressed.
What's the^ reason?" .
tWell. -"when vdu">c got I a husband
you'll find that he canNwme home at any
old hour In the morning with an excise
that would mako year hair curl."—Kan
sas City Star.
FOR INFORMATION.
"Since marriage I have had no need of
curling irons," said Mrs. de Tanques.
MADE HER HAIR CURL.
woman confessed herself boaten. >
••You've got me dead," she exclaimed,
with emotion.
"Then dry up," thundered the man with
a terrible look.
This was plainly the natural order of
things in those days.— Detroit Journal.
Finding the arguments of her husband
unanswerable, this ancient Egyptian
"There," said Mr. Meckton's wife, "1
have won four games of cribbage- and
three of l>ezique."
"Well," answered \ he, "that is as It
should be."
"You haven't beaten me a single game."
"I don't care. -Henrietta. You know
what little things set people talking. I
wouldn't for the world have the reputa
tion of a wife-beater."— 'Philadelphia Star.
IN THE MUMMY AGE.
NOT A WIFE BEATER.
Eerscant-Prt-s-t-n-t a-r-m-s!
Drill Sergeant— Don't be afraid to use
jour arms. Have some snap about you!
Now. when I give the command, "Present
arms!' bring your gun smartly in front of
your body. Head up, shoulders thrown
back, chest expanded, etc.
THE FIRST LESSON.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
"I inherit my love for sleep."
"How SO?'*
"Father was a policeman once."
""Soiled Spooner— Yep; me first!— Puck.
Milly— Why did Abou ben Adhem's nams
head the list?
Billy— I suppose the names ! were ar
ranged .alphabetically. — Smart Set. I
... Deacon Waters ... (seyerely)--Have yoa
one ' single thing that " you can honestly
call your own?
CANDOR.
"Yes; she looks as if she had on such
good clothes that she couldn't talk."—In
dianapolts Journal. ;
"How quiet Barbara is this evening-"
7THE SUXD^Y -CAtili.
8There was-weeplnc and walling and Te
Dtums of joy in the Vieighbqrhqod'of the
Dolores mine when the, weary little, band
of rescuers rode in at nightfall. Juan
Garcia had " almost recovered from the
blow, but hia sister Lola was still grief-
to be looking behind and saw Hie srnok*
of Gonzales' rifle. He guessed the- truth
and two minutes later the abductor! was
caught in his own trap and the trailers
were standing over his dead body.^Y
But his plan miscarried. At his first
shot one of the rescuing party happened
There were five of them against one man.
but that one had a great advantage, and
moreover had hastily prepared himself
against attack. He had run a low, brush
wood tunnel from the cave to a bunch of
logs some fifty yards away. From these
logs he had planned to steal to the rear
of any besieging force and so pick them
off with his rifle. '*ijl^
Next morning another rescuing party,
following the tracks of the Garcia party,
came ujjon Juan Garcia lying w#ak and
helpless by the spring. One of the men
remained with him, while the others, fol
lowing Gonzales' tracks, came in sight of
the cave.
Juan Garcia tenderly lifted his sister and
carried her to the spot where the horses
were tethered. It was a slow, tedious
Journey home In her weakened condition.
The second night Juan left Lola at the
camp fire ar.d went to the spring for wa
ter. A man watching him from the brush
stole stealthily down and as Garcia stoop
ed for water he struck him over the head
with a pistol butt. Lola was once more
swung into a saddle. .The bold .abductor
this time was Gonzales. He had disap
peared Immediately after the affair on the
day of the fiesta. Diablo's knife thrust
had not been a deep one, and as soon
as he was able to move Gonzales started
in pursuit of Diablo. Gonzales carried
the girl back to the same cave and that
fact Is considered proof that he and Di
ablo had originally planned the abduction
together, but that Diablo, as was his
habit, had played false.*
There was an answering, quick, sharp
report, another and another, and when
the smoke cleared "Diablo" Blanco was
dead.
The wound bled so freely that the ha'f
crazed eirl saw In it her first gleam of
hope. With dilating eyes she watched her
captor gasp for breath. Then she careful
ly crawled to the entrance of the cave.
Her brother was close to it and at a call
from her he made a dash for the entrance,
purposing to catch Diahlo off his guard,
and thinking to best him in his weakened
condition.' But Diablo was on the alert
and aa Garcia jumped over, the barriers
a bullet whizzed by his head.
ether ••ay t!ic r.Irrs r.asnea a
story of a Mexican i».agedy that
I eclipses £.11 ' other tales of law
lessness that have ccmi> out of
that country. The firs: news c? the af
fair came from George C. Bevcridge. one
of the owners of the famous Dolores mine
In Mexico.
Mr. Beveridge Is a San Francisco man,
and was in El Paso awaiting tlfe arrival
of his wife, when he gave a meager ac
count to the press correspondents. A
letter ¦written hy a Californian Vho lives
near the Dolores has Just arrived here,
giving a full account of the affair.
It is a story that reads like a highly col
ored romance. It Is a ta!e of the rescue
of Lola Garcia, who has suffered the
Et.rar.gest imprisonment in the history of
girl captives.
For nearly four weeks Lola Garcia was
held captive in a lonely mountain cave.
Once she almost pained her freedom.
only to be snatched back again into the
cave witn a different jailer.
At last she was rescued and returned to
her home. And from the Dolores mine
to Durango men are marveling at the
etrange adventures that have befallen
this hapless young girl.
The trouble began 'on September 16
last, at the errand fandango in honor of
Mexico'6 birthday. From near and far
the miners gathered to celebrate tha
great fete day. No one had made livelier
preparations for it than Lola Garcia. At
the fandango in the Plaza Diaz she and
Pedro Sanchez would make public their
betrothal, and Lola wished to look her
loveliest. She had chosen Pedro of the
three suitors who begged her hand, not
because he was wealthy— for her other
two admirers had muchu dinero — but be
cause he had really won her heart-
The day before the liesta Pedro, on a
spirited black horse and handsomely
dressed in tasseled sombrero, serape and
slashed trousers, rode up to the little
flower-covered hacienda of the Garcias.
From a crossroad It chanced that Gon-.
zales, one of the rival suitors, saw him.
Gcnzales could see the warm greeting
which Pedro received. Ke saw Lolita
kiss a rose and fling it at her lover. Be
fore Pedro spurred his horse Gonzales
caught his whispered "A manana, Lo
lita."
Gonzales, mad with jealousy, made for
the Garcia hacienda.
"Will you go to the fiesta with me?" ha
bluntly demanded of Lola.
"I go with Senor Eanchez," she replied,
¦Imply.
"For the last time," said Gonzales, and.
mounting his horse, he rode furiously
down the lane.
Within an hour the whole town knew
that Pedro ianchez was going to take
Lola to the ball. "She has accepted him."
said the duenas. "Let them beware of
Miguel Blanco." answered the men, who
knew the character of Ix>la's third suitor.
Blanco was called Diablo, and fully lived
up to his name. When he heard of the
choice Lola had made his jawa set like
a wolf's, and ttie true devil's look shot
from his eyes.
The day of the fiesta mirth held sway,
and the sparkling senoritas and hand
some cavaliers made the plaza ring with
their merriment. Triumphant among
them all was Pedro Sanchez, wlio, breath
less and exulting, led Lola through the
graceful movements of "el son," a
favorite Mexican dance. Gay, laughing
couples watched them, clapping approval.
As Sanchez whirled through the crowd
with his fair partner an arm reached for
ward with a knife and caught him in the
back. He had hardly touched the ground
when Gonzales seized the screaming girl
and dragged her through the terror
stricken crowd.
What his intentions were no man knows,
nor docs any man know whether he and
Diablo bad together planned to kill San
chez in the height of his triumph and ab
duct the girl. At any rate, as the crowd
6urced forward to save her from Gon
zales, DIabio ran swiftly from one side
and unhesitatingly plunged a knife Into
Gonzales' side, wounding him.
"Bueno! Bueno!" shouted the excited
crowd, thinking he meant to rescue Lola.
Diablo's moment had come. He seized
the fainting- girl, swung her Into his
saddle, mounted his horse and was off be
fore the excited crowd guessed his pur
pose.
As soon as the people recovered their
wits a rescuing party of three started in
hot pursuit. At their head rode Juan
Garcia, a brother of the girl. For almost
three weeks they tralledup hill and down
ravines, finding never a* trace of the ab
ductor and Lola. On the twenty-sixth day
of their search they saw a thin, blue
thread of smoke curling up from what
locked like a cave in the mountain side.
At last they had run down the abductor
and the missing girl.
The ftght to liberate her lasted two
days'. The three rescuers found Diablo
ready for them. He had skillfully built
several loopholes of rocks covering the
grou::d before the cave and flred at every
chance offered. The rescuers scattered,
Indian fashion, and from behind any de
ferse that gave them a good* shot they
tnlpcd away. ,?•¦ : 'r. ?
Diablo shot two of the men before tho
end of the second day. But as he was
moving near the cave's entrance Juan
Garcia saw his shadow on the rock and
made a guess at his position and flred. It
was fi^lose guess. The bullet struck the
rock u the left of Diablo's head, and a
flyinc splinter badly cut his left temple.
off the land. The two captured birds are
hawks of the species commonly known as
flthing eagles."
e\er they may be called. Captain Hoppe
and his men captured two of them, which, "
measure, according to the new ultra
marine reporter, wht»was sent out by tha
ship news expert to set the yarn, "about
eight feet from tip to tip." There wertf 1
altogether twenty eagles or hawks or owls
In the flock. Tho news collector at quar
antine reports the Invasion of birds thus:"
"On . Thursday, when off the coast of
Florida, two hawks much exhausted, flew
aboard the steamer and rested on the ves
sel's spars. One of the crew went aloft
and secured the blrd3. On the following
days a large number of birds were sight
ed; some flew near the steamer. Captain
Hoppe shot one, but failed to secure it. as
It fell Into the funnel and was burned In
the furnace. Ail the birds appeared to ba
exhausted and had evidently been blown
The steamship Curityba. which arrived
at New York the other day from Cuban
ports, ha.* a weird experience with winged
things on her trip up the coast When
she was off the town of Matanzas an
off-shore gale, permeated with tropical
moisture, plied the combers about her.
On the blast came thousands of land birds
and big bats._ Mate Bregman says th*
bats literally covered the ship, roosting
on all the rails. He says they appeared
to be a " cross between a vampire and a
squirrel." "When tha weather moderated)
and dawn came the bats were near
enough to one of the Bahamas to venture
leaving the ship.
A hundred or more miles off Florida
the Curityba was visited by what
the seventh mate, who Is English,
declares was a flock of "heagles." Tha
eighth mate says he believes they wera
"howls." and the ninth mate positively
asserts that they were ""awks." Wfcat-
IT RAINED BATS
AND HAWKS.
THE special correspondent of the Lon
don Times, who has attended tha
French military maneuvers, had aa
opportunity of seeing the much
vaunted new seventy-five mm. qulck-flr-
Ing gun at work. He says: "Each gun,
besides its limber, has an ammunition
wagon. When In column of route the am
munition wagon and the gun move abreasf
If possible; If that la not practicable, tha
wagon precedes the gun. The draught
for a wagon is a team of four, for a gun
a team of six. Each battery is accom
panied by a reserve ammunition column
of three wagons. When the battery comes
into action the gun and wagon unlimber
abreast of each other and the limbers of
both gallop clear to cover. If the gun un
llmbers 'action front' the wagon unllmbers
'action rear." and vice versa* Nos. B, 8
and 7 Immediately tilt the wagon up. dis
joint the pole so that it doubles down to
the ground and open tl.e top shutters,
which fall back from a center fastening
and make a shield, behind which the three,
gunners kneel. The fixed ammunition is
In a rack before them, each wagon hold-
Ing eighty rounds. As the gun and wagon
are now wheel and wheel abreast, No. 5
has simply to hand each round tQ No. 2,
who Is kneeling by the trail prepared to
load.
"And now as to the gun Itself. A» far aa
I could Judge, while standing in the bat
tery, the pneumatic buffer which takes tha
recoil is part of the gun. Certainly when
fired with blank the only movement ap
parent is the running back of the gun
Itself on a sliding seat underneath the
trunnions. The whole of the breech end
of the gun seems seated in this heavy
Bocket. A brake, which la lowered on'
coming into action, takes part of the re
coil, as well as a spade affixed to the end
of the trail. Before the' gun is laid tha
trail is raised to an angle of forty-five de
grees and brought sharply to the ground.
This might be to insure the settling of tha
spade, but from the sound It makes and
the fact that after the gun team has been
standing fast for some time tha operation
is repeated before again coming into ac
tion I am Inclined to believe that It Is a
mechanical means by. which some pneu
matic buffer is loaded. This much la cer
tain, that once the trail has been raised,
the brake adjusted and the spade Im
bedded the gun carriage never move*
again, though twenty rounds are fired la
rapid succession. The gun only runs back.
In this the mechanism is far In advance o£
the 'spade action of the Vlckers-Maxlxa
carriage, in which both gun and carriage
run back on the spade for several Inches.
"The breech action of the French gun
is a marvel of simplicity. Tha breech
opens with a single action, the whole of
the block revolving from left to right.
The reverse action loads the piece, th«
motion of opening extracts the case and
throws It clear. No. 3 opens and closes
the breech in two motions, while No. ]
loads. No. 1 attends to the laying of the
gun— once laid any alteration in range Is
made by turning a hand screw, to which)
Is fitted an indicator and dial. It would
be possible to fire thirty rounds a min
ute with the utmost care. But hitherto
during the maneuvers no rapid fire has
been attempted. The gun Is provided with
a light bullet-proof shield, so that when
in action the four men working the guns
are under cover, while, as was stated be
fore, the Xos. 5. 6 and 7 kneel behind
their ammunition wagons and are aJsa
completely screened." ,
WILL KILL
BY THE
SCORE.
the pleasures and gayetles of life. Her
three weeks* Imprisonment In the cave
will never be blotted from her mind. There
are no convents In Mexico or she would
take the Tell. Instead, she will don the
gray garb of a nurse and late and early
watch by the bedside of the stricken poor.
In assuaging the suffering of others
Lola Sanchez hopes to forget her ows
grief. .
low.
Lola Sanchez says she has dona with
»o thick and fast.
They carried her to the Uttls flowtf
covered hacienda where but a few short
weeks before she had looked down from
the rose-twined crating of the window at
Pedro Sanchez standing Jn the garden be-
dazed by the tragedies that had com*
THE SUNDAY CALL
THE ABDUCTION
AND RESCUE OF
LOLA
GARCIA
THE MOST THRILLING
STORY IN THE HISTORY
OF GIRL CAPTIVES.APPEOVE of itP Most
certainly I do. For phy
sical exercise neither
golf , tennis nor bicycling can
excel the all-around beneficial
effects of long, vigorous morn
ing walks. Those who have
tried the tramping plan and
felt the glorious consciousness
of strength, elasticity of step
and the power of a healthy
physique can best understand
how a morning tramp braces
one up, both in body and in
spirits.
Society has done very well
to turn its attention to euch a
fad. It is more elevating than
any number of pug dogs or
golf Sticks.
ALICE M. GOSS, M.D. . .
Vigorous Morning Walks
Are the Best.
tint of the cheek born of wholesome ex
erclse, pure air and the sunshine.
NEW USE FOR
OLD PEOPLE.
The. pleasant and economical custom of
eating old and -infirm relatives is stilt
common among ' many native . tribes of
South America. The Mayorunas do not
•tick even at eating their own parents and
children. Indeed. thejr look upon this dis
posal of the unfit as a sort of pious duty.
The traveler Osculati speaks of finding
a baptized member of this trible very sick
and weeping bitterly. "When asked the
reason of his grief the Indian replied that
tramps does not rovgel the thrill of exhil
aration and the -wholesome breath of out
door, existence that comes Irom a morn-
ing's walk. She does = not -.il-jet the in
toxicating consciousness of her own phy
sical ptreneta. or how her feet coma to
walking briskly" beneath her, seemingly
without effort, or how good the world Is
to oner when/ the ¦ aua ftbiaes a&d - tbo
IT is good to see the ten
dency that women are £ak- v ~ v
ing toward all outdoor
sports and exercise. Bicyole
and horseback riding, swim
ming and rowing have done
much for the physique of Cal
ifornia women, but none of
these exercises can be more "
beneficial than walking in" the'
sunshine and fresh air, and'.
there is not the danger,; of
over exercise. -> •¦¦ ¦. •
If the women have taken it
into their heads to trainp, let
them tramp. It surely ,will do.
them no harm. It will do
them much good. It is a pleas
ant pastime and a wholesome
exercise.
DB. C. G. KEirrON^ .
Pres. State Medical Society.
Let the Women Tramp
for Health.
Germany Is rapidly rising- in importance
as a money-lending as wellas a money
making nation. In Xorth Africa Germany
has invested nearly $3,000,000. Investments
In Cape Colony are estimated at nearly
$10,000,000; in the Transvaal, at J17O.0OO.00O;
In Portuguese territory in Africa.' at near
ly $3,000,000: in East Africa, at »23.000.000.
of whicn $1,190,000 Is, Invested at Zanzibar.
In Turkey, Germans own real estate val
ued at $7,140,000. and have $53,550,000 in va
rious industries. This sum i does not in
clude the amount for the Bagdad Rail
road.* , v ";r'
the exchequer of thfl physician. In the
case of the 111 wind the tramping girl ha3
the best of it.
¦ And as to what thfe young man thinks of
It— there can be no doubt about It. His
nose is somewhat out of Joint by the fall
iqg off In. the feminine demand for hlj
assistance, but a broken nose Is a whole
some thing for him. When he Is permit
ted to go along he has plenty to do to
keep up. Between his admiration and his
broken nose he Is quite at tea in the
- matter, but .he has one consolation. If
there be the orthodox chaperone In the
party it i« safe to figure that : ot one in
ten chaperones. can 'survive a ten-mile
walk. £he can bo picked up on the re
turn tramp.
Robust in body and mind, lithe of limb
and light of heart, the tramplr." girl say*
she 'is here to stay. Every morning of
the*"weelc you may find her. on the plc
. turesque outskirts of the city, losing her
vexations and her petty cares In the sait,
'breezes from the ocean and bringing bacK
lii their stead a sparkle of the eye and a
¦ . •
would be quite a nuisance. The tramping
girl would be at a loss as to what use to
xnaice of him. So the usually leaves him
at home.
In twos and threes or alone she tramps
over the sands and cliffs, the invigorating
eajt air fanning her fresh cheeks, and the
eunshine, unrebuked, doing its best at tan
and freckles. To her a mile and a half's
climb over the Bakors Beach rocks, a half
hour's stroll along the Cliff House sands
and a three-mile tramp back through the
park to the main entrance is mere child's
play and incidental to a morning's pleas
lire.
What put It into her head to tramp she
A&esn't quite know. Probably it was a
manifestation In her of fhe tendency of
the age. She who . trtmps Is usually thu
same girl that swims' and rides or rows.
And she is growing to a. very large per
centage, indeed. 'She may be foirnd In an
assortment of dispositions and tempera
ments. There Is the Jolly, rollicking, ro
bust girl, who is never without compan
ions and was never known to be in repose;
the feminine, chatty girl, who tramps in
confidential pairs, and the girl who is
fond of loneliness and solitude, finding al
ways some- subterfuge to get away from
bothersome companions and tramp alone.
Sometimes the tramping girl carries a
sketching pad or a camera, and sometimes
a substantial lunch.
The tramping fad has carried Its follow-
IT is a fad in the right direc- i
tion. Society has not done '.
anything so sensible in a . •
long time. I cannot say too '
much for the benefits of out
door exercise. Nature is right ',
at the city's elbow and it has ;
long been a source of wonder •
to me that so few psople of our ',
crowded population have taken J
advantage of these things. : •
The tramping fad is also !
bad in a way. If it spreads to \
any great length we physi- •
cians will suffer a great fall- " ',
ing off in our practice. J
GUY E. MAUTflTNG, M.D.,
Associate Editor Homeopathic .
Journal.
a Fad in the Right
Direction.
She has a b?g hat and short skirts— has
the tramping gir! — anti her boots are high
topped, heavy and aggressively bulldog
toed—such boots as would strike horror
to the heart of Herrick's lady love, whose
'little feet, like mice, peeped in and out."
The tramping girl's boots an* -not of the
kind that could peep, under any circum
stances. Tfc^y come forth boldly and al>
eurdly sensible, asserting the' indepen
dence of the girl who wears them, and
they tramp over smooth ways -and rough
trith undaunted persistency.
The tramping girl is a refreshing lnno
. ration. She is thoroughly American. She
Is strong, healthy and nature-loving. Fur
thermore, she is Independent of man. The
' day when a man was necessary in \ha
crossing of a brook or a rough place in
the path is over. The tramping girl gets
aJong quite well without him. In fact, ha
tween Bakers Beach and the Cliff
House, etrolling meditatively along the
emooth sands below Sutro Heights or
¦waikir.g briskly cityward over the roads
end paths of the park.
SHE Is to be found 2ny fin^ morning
climblnc ever the rooks and boul
ders al< ng the stretch of crags be-
ers beyond the limits of the city. Ever
Sunday the Marin . woods are full o
trampers. The- e^rly "and late boats at
laden with them," short-skirted and sho
In heavy boots. The smaller/ towns abov
IMTJST say that the tramping fad has my hearty approval and
endorsement. There is nothing more beneficial or more con
ducive to robust health than plenty of outdoor exercise, partic
ularly walking. The tramping costume is also a commendable
step toward the better. The woman who tramps free and untram
meled by the uncomfortable and injurious nonsense of conven
tional dress is bound to develop a physique far superior to that of
the indoor woman. . -
Fresh air, brisk exercise and good commonsense in the matter
of dress are three'things essential to the physical building up of
euch women as California, with all her natural encouragements of
freedom and climate, ought to produce. - . . ';. - .-.-•-
Aside from the actual bodily development, the fresh air and
the exercise are well calculated to produce a pleasant frame of mind
and an elevation of spirits most beneficial to the health as well as
to the disposition. DR. ALBERT ABRAMS,
Board of Physicians, Cooper -Medical College. -
Nothing More Conducive to Health.
I BELIEVE in all outdoor
exercise for healthy wo
men. Those who are not
healthy would better consult a
doctor first. . . •
DE. B. MacMONAGLE.
Among the Botokados mother*,- moved
bv pure maternal affection^ eat- their chil
dren who have died natural deaths/
When a fattier has become old and un
able to follow the tribe in its wanderings
he entreats his son to kill him. The son
obeys and the body is roasted and eaten
by the whdle family to the accompani
ment of loud howls and shrieks of grief.
Herberg says of the wild tribes of
Lauca, In Colombia, that the husband
eats his wife, the son his father and the
brother his brother or sister.
The view that cannibalism Is prompted
by a real liking of human flesh has been
generally abandoned. Cannibalism is
most' rampart in tropical regions, where
there is an abundance of Animal food.
Revenge and religious and other psycho
logical motives have much to do with
South American cannibalism. The deadly
hatred which exists between different
tribes often impels them to devpur-thelr
captives as a token of vengeance. This
custom is said to have been Introduced
among the Tupl, -who at one time wera
not cannibals, by the example of a <jvoman
who threw herself on the murderer o£ her
son and bit a piece out of -his: shoulder.
The Parentln tins attack i living captives
with their teeth in the . same . horrible
fashion. "' -<•-.¦¦ . >.*. -.•- ¦--••-..-.;.
Similar cases of cannibalism. : prompted
by revenge, occur among most of; the
South American tribes. Th© Kashibos of
the upper Amazon are the worst, of alL
They Invariably eat their captives/ and
fof'thls reason they are especially detest
ed by the neighboring tribes. **i > iz:
Believes in Outdoor
Exercise.
The Kashibos on the Pachltea River ap
parently combine a religious rite with
their eating of the old. 'When an old man
is told that his last day is at hand he
exhibits signs of great satisfaction. say-
Ing that he will soon see his old friends
once more. Then preparations are made
for a big fea"st and the old man is knocke.l
on the head with a club and devoured
body and bones, for even the bones are
crushed to powder, stewed into a broth
and swallowed. Xo waste is allowed in
the Kashibos' kitchen.
These gentle savages never eat the flesh
of women, as they consider it- poisonous,
and also attribute to it the property of
making its eater effeminate and cowardly
In a little while he would be food for
worms, -whereas if he had not been bap
tized his .nearest relatives would have
eaten:, him. Clearly ha preferred this
method of sepulcher.
The Tamna.3 of the upper Amazon suck
the marrow from the bones of their dea.1
and thereby, according to their belief,
transfer the souls of the departed to their
own bodies.
breeze blows and the earth is beautiful..
If is something of the pleasu-es of thte
that: brings the followers of the tramping
fad'from their pillows while the dew is
still on the grass and .t Is the wholesome
nesg of it all that brings them home with
clamoring appetites.
• It. is al*o the confession of Dr. Man
ning that the tramointr- fad Is bad for
Should Become Part of Daily Life.
rTIHE California Club is glad to express its cordial approval of
I so sensible, so pleasurable and so beneficial a fad. And it en
tertains also an optimistic prediction that the merits of the
tramping fad will render it long in the passing.
; \ It should not remain a fad, but become a part of the daily
life of our girls, conducive, as it is, to the erect carriage, springy
step, exquisite complexion and general splendid physique.
The kangaroo figure of 'the tall girl is disappearing. Tall
girls now "stand up" to their inches. It may be due to the fact
that rapid walking necessitates correct breathing, consequently a
breadth of chest — a broad-chested girl can never stand crooked.
¦- So may the originator of the fad long be toasted by the sen
sible' girls of good fortune, "who, if they inherited nothing to do,
at least inherited the brains to find something for themselves to do
that is healthful, pleasurable and beautifying.
' •'.¦, T- MRS. AETHUB CORNWALL,
...'¦• *. _ , . President Social Science Department, California Club.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
10
the bay have taken up the fad and It has
come to a matter of records. Mrs. Fritz
Goer! of San Rafael has carried oft,th«
palm, with an eight-mile climb over the
Marin Mountains from Ross Valley to
Bolinas in one hour and forty-flve min
utes.
Throe or five mornings of every week
finds the tramping girl up betimes and at
her walk. Some of the more enthusiastlo
carry the fad to the point of sunrises.but
the average tramper does 'not let it Inter
fere with her last forty, wink's amongthe
pillows, content to catch'' the J.0 o'clock
breeze from the sea.
The tramping girl is good to think upon.
The doctors approve of her. Society
approves of her and she approves of her
self. She.'ls a landmark in the tendency
of the age. A few more generations of
her and American women will' shelve
their nerves and frailties. 'The prevalent
tendency to morbidness . aijd depression,
cannot but 'be benefited by such a prac
ticed There. Is nothing so effective In. the
casting- out. of blue devils or in ridding
oneself of an ugly mood as an hour or !>o
of brisk walking;, beside old ocean and
through the winding paths of the park.
So says the tramping: girl. . ¦.. - '
The next time you get out on the wrong
Eld* of bed. and find the world all gone
wrong try, it. Breathe in : the fresh air,,
absorb the sunshine and feel ".] nature's
eubtle sympathy stealing away tha sharp
ness of your, vexations.
It is called a fad, but It is likely to
be of longer duration.- than the usual
things of. the hour, for the. girl who
TO TRAMP , TRAMP IS THE LATEST HEALTH FAD WITH THE GIRLSProudest ." ornament of all ; were the
strings of, turquoises that go mo dipplayod
They were a more gorgeous sight, these
braves, than they, would be after a
month's hard wear of the new blankets
should dim their brightness. They were
new and shining now, gayly colored wlth
tho American dyes that had been acquired
in trade. Below them swung in the stir
rup long buckskin-clad legs. /. '
The headdresses were, according to the
wearer's fortune. Some., had, soft felt or
straw- hats', one splurged in a derby, and
some consoled themselves with. the head
band of their tribe." In every case there
was a knot of hair at the back of the
head; the, knot that picks out a' Navajo
man for you wherever you may see him
by Its twist up ; and Its twist ¦ down ; and
its' cord around the middle.-. "
They wore parting gifts of ¦ their wo
men— the or buckskin moccasins
that curl up at the ' toe like a Turkish
slipper. .These are not embroidered, for
they have to stand wear that would spoil
the embroidery In no time.
down upon the disturbance without offer
ing to settle it. Then came the order
to start and away rode the train, leaving
the quarrel to settle itself as It might.
The hogan is quickly built. It is noth
ing, more than a circle of piled-up
branches that reach about eight feet high.
A fire is . built In the middle of this and
around the fire the men stretch them
selves, feet toward Jf Ther o is go rpo{
¦ The fall hunt Is more fun than work to
every man who Joins It. A hogan Is more
to an Indian's liking than any stone or
'dobe house can ever come to b«, and the
hogan Is what every man camps In while
on the hunt. AH. the tribes but' the Nav-
a Jos live in stone or adobe houses while
at home and the hunt Is a gay outing to
them. ; the. vacation trip of the year. •
Beyond the plains He the mountains and
the canyons and all the ruggednesses
where game may be stalked and the hunt
is merry. There the band of men is busy
from the snows of early. September until
the storms grow so fierce that they are
"driven home to stay. . This happens In Ocr
tober or sometimes not until November.
natives had mined stones in their own
way and for themselves, and had punched
holes in them and strung them. Now the
mines have passed out of their hands, but
they cling to what stones they have and
wear them as they are privileged. A stone
for a horse ' and you have every man's
wealth registered in his necklace.
on their necks. The turquoise mines of
Northern New Mexico were in Indian
hands until Tiffany saw them and marked
them for his own. Up to that time the
"Mine Is greater," put In another wo
man.
"He Is not. Mine Is the handsomer, and
his blanket Is of better wool than the
other."
. "It is not so."
"It Is."
And the Jetaglo became- a wrangle and
7 * \ ¦'• ¦ -
there were two fighting iauaW In the
"Mine always . shoots the most ante
lope," onef screamed.
"Mine will. bring three times as many
deer as yours. You shall mee," shrieked
the other.
The respective husbands looked calmly
— ~> VERY eatable fellow in New Mex- .
r^ 3 lco. from Jackrabbit to antelope.
, 1 i knon-E that his life isn't worth a.
scamper now, for the Indian hunts
are o». Thr-y begin when the first snow
falls.
Until Miles swooped down upon them
the Apaches held everything pouth of the
Santa Fe. Then the big general . with
Law-ton beside him. crashed through the
cage and cactus and frightened Geronl
mo'B war paint pale with tht 1 heliograph
and brought the whole tribe to terms,
that made the northern Indian snigger.
North of the Santa Fe live four friendly
tribes, who had been for long years cast
ing gicedy glances across the railroad
track, -while their mouths watered at the
Eight of the lat antelopes beyond. Notn
ing but the better part of valor kept them
on their own tide
Miles opened for them a happy hunting
ground here en earth. The conquest of
th« Ar aches meant the prosperity of the
Zunls, Moquis, Pueblos and Navajos.
Whereas In old autumns they had ventured
Into southern lands on the rarest occa
tions, and then seldom lived to regret
their boldness, they were now free to
travel where they pleased and lay In such
etores of Jerked meat for the winter
months as would tempt any epicure of
an Indian. Ever since 'that happy year
¦when the news was spread that the
Apacfces had received their final squelch-
Ing at the hands of the whites, there has
been an annual excursion to the lands
below the Santa Fe.
In the latter part of August the expe
ditions start. From" the four tribes they
come; bands of thirty or forty men, each
band under the leadership of one. The
tribes never combine on a hunt, but they
often cross one another's path, and their
relations are always friendly. They are
friendly with the whites, too.
They take along two or" three saddle
horses and as many burros apiece, for
there will be pUnty of meat to carry back,
to say nothing of horns and skulls that
can be sold to traders. The Indians have
the economy of industry down to a fine
point, and they never waste a possible
bone of a slain animal.
There are stirring times in the towns
when the hunt begins. I came by a Na
vajo hogan one day when the head of the
hogar.hold was getttag ready.
"My blanket— the new one!" he shouted
to his wife.
She was breaking sticks several yards
away, and she discreetly didn't bear. She
broke sticks faster.
"My blanket!" he roared.
She broke t ticks still faster and leaned
fax over them and saw only the sticks.
He walked siowly to her and kicked her.
She made no remark, but went on break
ing btlcks. He kicked her -again, and 1%
took three times more to make an im
pression. Then 8he rolled over in a hea ¦
end looked as if she had -become a goou
Indian at last.
"Answer!" he said, and then he saw tha\
she was past answering, and he kicked!
her for that, too. He muttered all- the
way back to the hogan. and when he got
there he explained the case, between' Na>
vajo oaths.
"She should weave five large blanlcets
within the year," he said. "When I go
on the hunt I wear one and sell the others'
to traders or ranchers. To-morrow we
start, and I must have the five blankets.
She has not finished the fifth, that Is why
she would not answer when I asked for
it. I have,, kicked her . each ' day for the
last month In order to hurry her, and
still It is undone. I go now to kick her
again.:*
One blanket Is. a good three months'
work for the average squaw. It Is evi
dent that this Navajo had a high esteem
for his wife's abilities.
The three neighboring tribes also. wear
Navajo blankets on their* hunts. Each
man puts on In the first place as many
American clothes as he can beg, borrow
or steal, and atop of all these he wraps
the blanket with Its gorgeous central dia
mond striding his back.- His hat, if ho
has one, is some white man's cast-off,
sometimes ornamented with an eagle's
feather.
When the next day came- I saw the
huntsmen off- Near the entrance of the
village they were gathered around their
horses and their squaws were gathered
around them.
"He's a great man," one of them said,
pointing to her husband. He looked, a
giant on bis horse, and bis blanket' was
eplendld.
The heads of antelopes are always pre
served. A hoop is fastened in the akin
and the head used as a pouch while trav
eling. There Is still another use- for It
In the hunt.
' "Nearly shot an Indian to-day." aald
a cow puncher to me.
"How?"
"Saw an antelope's head stlckln' out
from behind a clump of sagebrush and so
I got my rifle and sighted. Just before
I said "bins' the thing came out from
the brush and If It wasn't a Zunl with
a black botch painted on his shirt front
to look like an antelope's breast, and an
antelope's head fitted over his own with
a hoop to hold it. He was stalking garao
and ho came near being the game- him
self." ,'<%&8tBGB$8&QKmaBi
"A miss Is as good as a mile." I said.
"I believe it was the worst miss I could
JiaVa made," reflected tlio cow puncter.
Besides the meat brought home then*
are horns and hides. If the men hav*
time they scrape the hides: If not. thev
let the squaws do it. The squaws always
do the tanning. The scraping Is done with
horse ribs, and whenever a band of In
dians comes upon a horse'9 skeleton thera
Is a great scramble for rifcs.
Eagles are prizes. They are iiard to
shoot and the brave who brings one dowu
has several feathers :n his cap.
Hunting game Is not the only object of
the animal trip. There are ranches wher.»
old clothes may be Degsed or tv"-»ht In
trade and Indian eyes are always alert
for such chances.
The meat is Jerked from day to day
while they travel. Most of the turkey*
ard rabbits are disposed of at ranches,
the larger sane kept for winter. Thj
men live simply while they are hunting:
tortillas are easily made and their ingre
dients easily carried and prairie dogs are
frequent. An Indian is the only animal
except a coyote that I ever caw eat a
prairie dog.
Indians are poor shots, but they ari
more foxy than a white man and that'll
wherein their succor lies. They know
their aim Isn't Rood, so they Improve It
by crossing sticks for a pun rest. They
r.ever weary cf crawling, and so they
sneak for miles after a victim that we
would probably frighten away by chaa
injr openly.
Occasionally th<* whole band of hunter3
rtsrts at the head of a canyon and makes
a drive. The antelope has sirall enough
chance then. Turkeys cars be driven up a
hill; they will run hard all the way. but
they won't fly back, except on rare oc
casions, and this the hunters count on.
The next step is to choose tracks an-1
separate. Sometimes there is a squabb!.;
over the choice and the cr.;cf must settle
matters.
,«»er their heads and they"are~"all the nap
pier.
• Usually they camp for only a Iiight at
a time. Sometimes they build a fire for
one meal and move on as soon as It Is
over. All the time their sight and nearins
and all the other senses that only an In
dian has are strained for sign of ante
lope or deer or Jackrabblt or wild tur
key. The silver tip and black bear is left
sacredly alone; It Is part of the Indians'
religion to leave bears unharmed, very
likely because it Is a safe thins for an
Indian to do so. They have a way of.
fixing their religion to suit circumstances
There Is one custom of these people
that we ml^ht better follow. When whita
men' hunt they camp beside water—al
ways beside It. so that It will be handy
to them. While they stay there no ani
mal approaches and very likely they re
turn to town etnptv-handed and take
home game bought in the sneak-hours
of the morning when markets are open
ing. Indians know better. They find wa
ter, then pitch camo a mile away after
they have filled several kegs which are
easily rolled to camp. They sleep cozr.
fortal.ly. knowing that their trap is set
me-i.rwhllo. In the morning they so to
the water and find a!l kfhds of tracks —
the delicate pointed hoofmarks of the deer
and ante'.cpe; the three-pointed sign jf
the turkey: the round print of the rab
bit: all of these sometimes broken by
the heavier tread of the bear or blurred
past recognition by its rollings.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
11
THE INDIAN HUNT¦<' •••'¦¦). ¦ ! ...','.• : j ¦. ¦' ;.•
always consistent, always understandable,
in epite of her conflicting 1 natures.
Tommy lives ever in the world of sen
tlmentalism. . Robertson must , "have
known a Tommy when he wrote:,."Senti
mentallsm is that state In which a man
speaks deep and true things, not, because
he feels them strongly, but because he
perceives that they are beautiful and that
It is 'touching and fine to 'say, them—
things which he fain would feel and
fancies ,that 'he does feel."
"Flashes '.- of ' Barrle's ' inimitable .humor
gleam • through the pages, which are, for
the most ' part, ' depressing,; . foreboding.
The ( story I of . the old lady 1 who , traveled
by. rail to Thrums : all for the sake of
presenting Tommy with a hen, and finally
Hound him and made her presentation lu
only as the. author of "Sappho" snould
learn to" know him better. They should
meet him as a humorist and read of "Tar
tarin of "Tarascon" and , "Tartarin on the
Alps.",- Having once formed the acquaint
ance of that most delightful, character of
fiction, the heroic Tartarin, they cannot
fail to finish the trilogy by reading "Port-
Tarascon.." Tartarin is a composite of
Don Quixote and Sancho Panza, but prob
ably all the more interesting on that ac
count. ;
' "Tartarin of Tarascon" was published in
1872 and' has held its' great popularity to
the present day. It is difficult to decide
which is the more meritorious or | amus
ing, this first volume or : the account of
that gentleman's further adventures
among. the Alps. The third book on the
arrangement between Russia and the
United , States. Russia has also refused
to become a party to the convention of
Berne. If Russia had acepted the obliga
tions of the convention of Berne Ameri
can books would be protected In Russia
through an English copyright. At pres
ent, there, is no means of preventing un
authorised Russian editions. The books
sold by Russian booksellers are. In fact.
In very large part piratical editions of
French and German works. We have,
therefore, on record a very long series of
cases of Russian l.terary appropriations."
A Furnace of Earth.
Hallie Ermlnle Rives has launched upon
a suffering' public the very latest of her
best hysterical gurgle— "A Furnace of
"Tommy and Grizel" : has appeared* at
last, and the day of judgment is at hand.
The tragic element is Btrong throughout
the book, and yet it is not all tragedy.
It is made up of the lights and v shades
cf life and the ending Is neither "happy."
An author takes the ; risk; of . his life
when he writes a ' sequel'.. to a popular
book. A few years ago J.'M.~Barrie pro
duced "Sentimental Tommy" 'and the re
sult was that he and his publishers pock
eted thousands, whlle ; library : patrons
stood in line. Everybody knew that it
must have a sequel,, it was incomplete;
but Barrie worshipers were wise enough
to dread his downfall. ' ' ' ¦ ' ¦ -
As I have said before, tho interest and
mystery are sustained until the very end
of the. book. It is , the story, of a younff
man, duped, fooled and tricked until he bs
comes'hardonod to the world, plunged to
the depths of despair arid .all but a sui
cide; of a woman deceived and betrayed
and then led to 'play, an ignoble part to
ward the man to whom she is wedded, ,
Jokai ' doe3 not mince matters in- his
writings, and the book is probably not one
that' would be selected as the best read
ing for young people; but as a vivid,re
cital of human frailties and 1 passions, as
a striking pen picture of remarkable per
sonalities for evil and for good, it stands
unique among the literature of to-day.
(Published by Doubleday & McClure Com
pany, New York. Price $125.)f - : . ¦¦¦r
- - B. G. • . iiATHROP. .
Tommy and Grizel.
Consumed with curiosity, he asks thtit
he may. toe told how It Is that VtheRight
Hon. Dumany Kornel has been metamor
phoged'into Cornelius Dumany, the "Silver
King,' the South Amerioan nabob, the
matado'r of the Bourse, husband of a
beautiful countess and father of five chil
dren, within such a abort period." Du
many to the rescuer of his child can hard
ly refuse' the request, and the, rest of the
romance Is taken up with a recital of the
circumstances which led up to such a re
markable condition of. affairs. - ¦¦——._
traveler to his further astonishment is ad
dressed by the latter in good Hungarian
and learn« thatthe "Silvery King'. 1 Is in
reality a Dr. Dumany Kornel and a fel
low countryman.
•' rVinniirnt.fi ti-lth fiirlnalt v he. asks tKttt
Other incidents occur to point to a mys,-
t tery. The wife of Dumany, is addressed
by the servants as "Countess," which
strikes him as odd in the case of the wife
of the "Silver King." Moreover, he is
sent for by Mrs. Dumany and obliged to
relate to her every frightful detail of the
catastrophe, while the poor woman
writhes In agony at the recital. To the
The traveler is struck by the meeting* of
the mother and the little child, who is
now returned to her not only safe from a
great danger but with speech restored.
Instead of being delighted to see it. as
one would naturally suppose, she greets It
coldly. At first he thinks that the child
cannot be her own. but the resemblance
is too striking to admit of doubt.. •¦ :
The du^ib child, through the shock of
the. accident, regains its speech, and al
though It apparently understands Eng
lish it will not talk except in Hungarian.
In Paris the Hungarian and his charge
are met by Mr. Dumany. the father of
the child, a man supposed to be an Amer
ican and bo rich as to be called the "Silver
King." The Hungarian is forced to take
up his abode with Dumany, for the latter
will not hear of the preserver of his child
going elsewhere than to his home.
The description in this chapter is al
mofct too vividly realistic to be enjoyable
reading, but it has a neces^ry place in
tho events to follow and the author gives
full scope to his pen, dwelling on all the
irightful details of a trainload of people
cast over a precipice to be mangled,
smothered and burned to death in that in
fernal pile of bent iron and crushed wood.
The pen picture of the young husband,
who just as he is about to release his
young bride from this flaming hell
crashes through into the seething furnace
bflcw; the mother, who goes mad and
would jumpjnlo tho llames to seek her
child.; of the man who prays to heaven
for succor and then spits in the fire when
his prayer is unanswered; of the cold
blooded artist, who calmly sketches with
pencil and paper the different phases of
the disaster— Is almost too nerve-racking
to be readable.
A landslide causes a terrible railroad ac
cident, and of the hundreds of passengers
ljut few escape alive. Among these is the
Hungarian, who manages to leap from the
wreck with the dumb child in his arms.
The opening: chapter describes the pecu
liar and frightful experience of a Hun
garian traveler on his way to Paris. He
is obliged to share his compartment with
the retinue of v a rich American nabob,
which had in charge the little dumb child
of the magnate. This child is being
brought back to Paris to join its father
and mother after an unsuccessful tour to
different deaf and dumb boarding schools,
made in the hope of restoring its speech.
The Hungarian it- much interested in the
appearance of the little fellow and un
consdously voices aloud in his native
Hungarian tongue an expression of sym
pathy. To his surprise the child appears
to understand him and looks up with won
der and delight. The traveler is struc^k
by the oddity of the son of an American
Croesus being familiar with a language
so little used as Hungarian.
The pen of Maurus Jokai loses none of
its force as his years advance, but his
genius, like rare old wine, seems rather
to ripen and Improve with .ige- His latcec
romance, "Dr. Dumany's. Wife,", is as
strong in conception and execution as ar.y
of the best books oi the year. Once com 1
menoed it is impossible to put it aside un
til the last page has been turned' and the
reader finally finds himself possessor of
the sole remaining link in ah remarkable
a i. lot as over was woven into a story. It
was originally published under the title,
"There Is No Dovil."
of the romance, ties his final historical
knots and settles everything to the read
er's perfect satisfaction. (Published by
The Bowen-MorrlU Company, Indianapo
lis. Price $1 50.)
"RuFsla has thus far kept herself out
sine of international copyright conven
tions. There is no treaty or convention
American authors are hopelessly ex
posed to the piracy of Russian publishers.
An interesting: example of the pillage
which. constantly goes on is the fact that
the life of "Alexander the Great," by
President Benjamin Ide Wheeler of the
University of California, which was pub
lished as a serial in the Century and then
brought out in book form by the Putnams.
. is now being reproduced in Russia In the
Neva, a magazine published In 8t. Pe
tersburg. The Castaigne drawings are
printed with the text. G. H. Putnam, who
knows more about copyright law than
any other American, in a recent-letter to
President Wheeler explains the difficulty
of securing protection against Russian
piracy as follows:
Piracy of Russian Publishers.
Mr. Hancock, war correspondent, known
as a writer for Frank Leslie's Weekly
and other leading publications, has made
use of his experiences In the Philippine
Islands to write a most entertaining story
of the war with the Filipinos, viewed
mainly from their own lines, thus differ
ing from any other buoK that has been
written. Dick Carson, a most winsome
hero, is brought into captivity by a vil
lain as a penalty for his uprightness, llo
is saved from death by Aguinaldo for
possible use as a hostage, and made use
ful as an attendant by a Filipino surgeon.
The fortunes of the Flhpzno armies Is told
as no one could tell it 'who had not been
there, and the eventful escape of Dick
Larson forms a thrilling story that con
veys much general Information, along
with the intense interest It arouses. (Pub
lished by Lee& Shepard, Boston. Price
Jl 25). ¦ • -.- ¦ :
Aguinaldo's h|ostage.
More than fifty birds are here celebrated
in song, not a large number, of course, but
It includes many with which the reading
community In general has little or no
acquaintance. Most of our best knowi.
American authors are represented in these
poems of bird life. The book will tnus
appeal equally to lovers of birds and
lovers of the best works of our great
poets, since ninety-nine of our poets are
represented and 242 poems or extracts of
poems given, the whole making a book ot
350 pages. Every feature of the work Is
ttnique and attractive, and the year will
jffer no more acceptable high-class gilt
book. (Published by Lee & Shepard, Bos
ton. Price $2.> *
This anthology by Miss Williams forma
a splendid collection of the best American
poems relating to birds, classified accord-
Ing to the seasons of the year, and sub
divided by months, eacn division having
an illustrated title page showing some o£
the birds appropriate to the time of year
indicated. Twelve fine half-tones of our
best known birds, one for each month, add
richness and value to the work.
Introductions are given in each volume
by W. P. Trent. (Price Jl 50 per volume.)
Tbrougb th>e Year Witt) Birds and
Foets.
The publishers. Little. Brown & Co. of
Boston, have just brought put a new li
brary edition of the novels, romances and
memoirs of Alphonse Daudet. of which
"Tartarln of Tarascon" and "Tartarin on
the Alps" form one volume and "Port-
Tarascon" together with "Studies and
Landscapes" go to make up a second.
These books are very handsomely bound,
typographically perfect and illustrated
with photogravure frontispieces from pic
tures by French artists. They are from
translations by Katharine Prescott
vVormeley, which is ample guarantee that
the work has been well done. Excellent
same subject, under the tltl« "Port-Taras
con," was written later when the ravages
of constant ill health were bound to af
fect the pen of Daudet. It Is difficult for
a man to write at all when suffering as
he did, much less to continue the humor
ous vein of two successes.
SONG OF" A VAGABOND HUNTSMAN— By
Cbarics Lever: pictured by William A. Sher
wood. R. H. Russell, New York.
THE FOLKS IN FUNNYVILLfc-Plctures
end verses by F. Opper. R. H. Russell. New
York.
A ROYAL RHETORICIAN— By Kin* James
VI and I. Edited with an Introduction, by
Robert S. Rait. Brentanoa. New York.
VISITING THE SIN— By Emma TUjTMt.
Small, Jiaynard & Co.... Boston, ft 33.
PROMETHRU3 T7NBOVND — By Percy
Byssche Shelley. Cassell & Co., New York.
In paper. 10c.
MT WINTER GARDEN— By MauriceThomo
son. The Century Company. New York. $1 50.
THE WINNING OF THE WEST— Part II—
By Theodore Roosevelt. G. P. Putnam's
Sons. New York. In paper. 25e.
THE SOUTH AFRICAN WAR— By Captain
A. T. Mahan. Peter Feaelon Collier* Son,
New York.
THE CHRISTMAS ANGEL— Written «nd 11
iustratert by Katharine Pyl«. Little, Brown
h Co.. Boston. $1 25.
HEROES OF OUR. REVOLUTION'-By T. Vf.
Hall. Frederick A. Stoke* Company. New
York.; I1S3.
MORE BUNNY STORIE»-By John H.
Jewett. Frederick A. Stokes Company. New
York. $150.
ON ACCOUNT OF SARAH- Ey Err« Hav
i>ey. J. B. Ltpplncott Company. Philadelphia.
In paper. 50c.
THE FIRST CAPTURE—By Harry Castle
moa. The Saalfleld Publishing Company. Ne^
York. 75c. i ;. *
BooRs Received.
Impressions for November, published by
Elder & Shepard of San Francisco, pre
sents an Interesting article. "A Word on
Provincialism." by William Henry Hud
son. In addition are given several reviews
of popular books and subjects. The leaf
let or supplement for this month is an at
tractive reproduction of Matthew Arnold's
verses on "Self-dependence."
O. P. Putnam's Sons are publishing the
Sagamore edition of the works of Gov
ernor Roosevelt to meet a popular de
mand for a good Inexpensive edition of
writings which have secured a place for
themselves In the permanent literature of
the country, and which at this time pos
sess a special Interest In the light that
they throw upon the character and opin
ions of their energetic and publlc-spiriteil
author. The set comprises fifteen volumes
at the moderate cost of 50c In cloth anil
23c in paper.
The real feature In the current number
of the Critic is easily the first Installment
of "The Forest Schoolmaster," a serial
novel by Peter Rosegger. which should,
through Its rare simplicity and the fresh
ness of Its appeal readily win a corner in
the reader's affection. At the outset cer
tainly, the story is redolent with naturs
both Inanimate and human; It reflects
with power and precision the rugged
beauty of the SUermarlc Alps (where tha
scene Is laid),* and makes one eager to plot
the fortunes of these simple, sturdy folk,
who Indeed have much of that hidden
beauty which lies close to the heart of.
things.
The first copy of the Monthly Review
has Just made Its appearance. This maga
zine Is published in London by John Mur
ray, while Dotlbleday, Page & Co. of New
York are the agents for It In thi3 country.
It Is difficult to say anything better of a
publication than that It comes from John
Murray. That is ample Indorsement for
the character of the matter which It con
tains. In appearance this magazine sur
passes In its rich simplicity any publica
tion of a similar character 1n the United
States. The paper, ink and type have been
so carefully selected that the articles can
be easily read at arms length and yet
the effect Is In no way abnormal. Tha
cover is simple to plainness, merely tha
title, a crest, and the names of the pub
lishers appearing: but it Is elegant In Its
very lack of elaboration, being stamped in
black relief with a elect die- As the nam<s
Implies,- The Monthly Review' Is devoted
to articles of present" Interest, national
Importance, art and literature. This maga
xlne Is sold In London for 2s 6d. and in
this country for 60c.
BookNews for November contains a por
trait and sketch of Charles Frederic Gos3.
author of "David Corson," one of tha
most popular of contemporary books; also
sketch and portrait of Nelson Lloyd.author
of "The Chronic Loafer." and the authors*
calendar slves the name and the principal
works of some author for each day In
November. The current magazines are
pithily reviewed, while Dr. Talcott Wil
liams makes his observations poignant as
ever concerning the more Important new
book3. There are more than the usual
number of reviews of new books and re
productions of pictures from same.
The new edition of Dr. Bylrgton s "Purl
tan In England and Xew England" (Lit
tle. Brown & Co.) Is made noteworthy by
a new chapter on "Witchcraft in Newr
England." After giving a general survey
of witchcraft Dr. By'r.gton considers the
farly trials of witches in New England,
and then enters Into a detailed and very
Interesting account of "that epidemic of
folly and cruelty which goes by the name
of the Salem witchcraft." "There Is much
testimony in the books and letters that
have come down to us." writes I>r. By
lngton, "which shows that the religious
teach«rs of that time had no sympathy
with the methods that were followed in
the trials for witchcraft at Salem" vil
lage. It is not juat to hold the Puritan
leaders of New England responsible far
Salem witchcraft. They had outgrown
the peculiar superstitions which led to
these trials, if they had ever held them."
A striking instance of expert apprecia
tion is shown in the following letter writ
ten to Hamlln Garland by a Southwestern
cattleman, whose tribute to "The Eagle's
Heart" runs as follows: "I wish- to con
pratulate you. your story 'The Eagle's
Heart* is 'shore' all right you never made
a miss throw, out landed squarly over tho
homes every time. This praise dont come
from a tender foot but from a cattle man
who has been through it all and is still '^\
tne business. "Wren your r»pers are print
ed, in book form I want a coppy to send to
my cow Boys In Arizona. Please te'l mo
where I can got It and the prise, and if
you ever come tc this part of the country
I want you visit my ranch I will give you
rs good a jerky stew as you ever got out
elde of and a shore enough bed with goosa
har piller ontoit."
Literary Notes.
Earth." It Is not a book that any t*+
spectable family will give houseroom. al
though from its very absurdity and com
ing as it does from the pen of the cousin
of Amelia Rives, it will receive sufficient
newspaper attention to make a financial
success. It Is a shame that such maudlin
attempts at realism, the war of the spir
itual and the sensuous. Bhould be given
sufficient encouragement to warrant pub
lications of thla kind. There Is one con
solation In the present work that thera
Is not enough of the wicked In this pic
ture of "nature as she is" to induce peo
ple to cart with their good money to
really see for themselves Just how far an
author may go without having the book
unfit to be sent through the mails. (Pub
lished by The Camelot Company. New
York.)
mAURICE THOMPSON In "Alice
of Old Vincennes" has written a
novel that any one who enjoyed
the best of Fenimore Cooper's
"Leather Stocking Tales" cannot fall to
read with delight. It will rank favorably
with "The I^ast of the Mohicans" or "The
Deerslayer," and is superior to the other
stories completing Cooper's well-known
series.
Mr. Thompson writes with the sure hand
of a mature mind and yet his present
¦work is replete with the charm of ro
jnanrp. "Alice of Old Vincennes" is a his
torical novel, dealing with that period of
American history at the beginning of the
American Revolution when the town of
Vlneer.nes on the Wabaeh was a mere
Creole trading post. The author blends
history and fiction with so happy a hand
that it is difficult to tell where fact ends
«.nd mere fancy begins.
For place, he takes the picturesque lit
tle ppot of a wilderness, Vincennes; and
for time 8nd events, the raising of the
American flag over the fort of the town
by the Creoles, the coming of Captain
Helm and his lieutenant to assume com
mand of the post for the Americans, the
capture of the town by the English undsr
Hamilton, and then the recaptur</|.y Colo
nel Clarke and his devoted band of men
'efter a seemingly impossible march
through the vast forest In the face of
frightful hardship?.'
The author raise? the American flag in
the first part of hi? *tory and though It
disappears for a brief time he keeps it
carefully out of the hand* of the British
end at last sends it up "never to come
dnwn again." Mr. Thompson's patriotism
i« catching. You can feel his American
ism permeating every page. It rings true
and at the end you would fain do as old
Uncle Jason did, throw up your hat and
phout: "Vive la banniere d' Alice Roussii
lon! Vive Zhorzh Varhlngton:"
Through all these stirring scenes there
runs a charming romance— the love story
of Alice Roussillon and Lieutenant Bev
r-rJey of the Colonial army. Beverley
comes to Vincennes as Captain Helm's
lieutenant and after a time falls In love
with the girl, who, while sweet and wo
manly to a degree, is nevertheless able to
(rive the lieutenant points in fencing or.
in case of emerpency, fight side by side
with the men. To catch a little of Mr.
Thompson's poetical style, to feel a touch
of his patriotic Tervor. ami also the bet- .
ter to understand Alice, let us borrow
from the book that section which tells of.
the coming of Beverley: ?
Bfvc-rlfy'e »<lvent eonld not fail to mean a
tr^at <J<«al in the life of a girl like Alic«; »
now era, as- It were, tvouM naturally begin fo»
her the moment that his personal iafluencs
touched her imagination: but it is ¦well not
to measure her too strictly by the standard of
our present taste and the specialize! forms
c' our social and moral code. She was a
true child of the wilderness, a girl who grew.
as the wild prairie rose grew, not on account
of Innumerable exigencies, accidents and hard
f h'.rs. hut In prate, of them. She had blushed
ur..«-en, and had wasted divine sweets upon
a. more than desert atr. But when Beverley
<-ame near her. at fir^t carelessly droning hie
masculine monotonies, as the v.-anderins bee
to the lonely and lovely rose, and presently
ftrikirr her foul es with the wings of love,
there fell a chance Into her heart of hearts,
and lot tier hauntlnr and elusive dreams began'
to condenF" and take on forms that startled
her with their wor.<Wful fplendor and beauty.
Theiw Fhe saw all the time, sleeping or w«k
jnp i t h^ v irifi *5^ hrifrht summon or th^ i roz^n
Ftream and Fnapplng gale, the snowdrifts and
the rle<t. In her brave young heart swelled
the ineffable sons— the musir never yet caught
by pyrinx or flute or violin, the words no
tor.pue can f;»ak.
Ah here may be the secret of that vigorous,
braie. sweet life of our pioneer maids, wives
and mnhcrs. It ,was love that gave those
irmder hearts the iron Mrentrth and heroic per-
FiFttnce at which the world must forever won
<!t. And do we appreciate thof* women? Let
the Old World boact it» crowned klncs. Its
nailed knights, its ladies of the court and
eastle, bvt we of the New World, we of the
powerful WeFt, let us trim our cups with the
wine of undying devotion and drink to the
ir.emory of the women of th<? Revolution — to the
humble liut gnoi and tnarvelously brave anJ
faithful women like those of old Vincennes.
Mr. Thompson's characters are strong
nnes and even in the case of his villains
there i» always a something: that you
cannot help likinp. even if you do not ad
mire. His American frontiersmen, Bev
erley. Helm. Clarke, Kenton, are all
splendid fellows. Uncle Jazon. the old
Creole hunter, who has been scalped by
the Indians, is unique. Even when he
and hi? friends are tied hand and foot by
the Indians he cannot help having his lit
tle Joke, though It costs h!s friends a
pood beating and finally results In his
having bis own ribs nearly kicked In by
Long Hair. Litter Jazon returns the
compliment to Long Hair with interest —
but that is a matter for Mr.
Thompson himself to tell. Lens
Hair is a fine type of the In
dian. A perfect animal. wJth the one re
deeming: feature of feeling that he must
repay a debt of gratitude. He is In
human, cruel and bloodthirsty; yet one
cai.not help admiring him for his splen
did strenjrth. his endurance and for his
one act of generosity, which plays such
an important part in the lives of Bever
ley and Alice.
Mr. Thompson's portrayal of the char
acters of the English General Hamilton
and of his aid. Captain Farnsworth, is
very fair, considering, the author's un
doubted Americanism and the excellent
opportunity here afforded him to asperse
the enemy — for the story is written in the
Epirit of 1776 and not In that of 15D0.
In picturing the volatile spirit of the
Creoles, Mr. Thompson, is at his best.
He handles the great, rough Gaspard
Reussillon with just the proper tact to let
the reader Fee him as he really was— a
bit of a blowhard and yet a brave man.
¦with a good heart under his vest.
The book Js filled with dramatic situa
tions. One of the strongest is that
wherein is told the advance of Clarke and
his men through the wilderness to recap
ture from Hamilton the town of Vin
eennr?. The unflagging zeal of the com
mander, who was ever in the lead and so
v.cll knew how to handle the sterling
tout rough and unruly men. with ¦whom he
accomplished so much in the cause of lib
erty, is brought out most strongly here
and again later in the actual capture of
the fort and surrender of Hamilton.
Yet another powerful scene is the duel
In the moonlight between Hamilton and
Father Beret. Father Beret is a genial,
kindly old Jesuit priest whose past is
hinted at in the story, but never told.
He ha* acted In a measure as the guard-
Ian of Alice and also taught her how to
fence— an art learned in days for him
long dead: His skill with the rapier gives
a hint as to his past position In life, and
the- way !n which he uses his sword tricks
to Uisarm Hamilton is a revelation . to
both the General and the reader. Father
Deret is one of the most lovable charac
ters in the book. He combines all the
gentleness and goodness of the sa:nt with
the bravery and strength, upon occasion,
of the tried soldier.
The greatest climax of all is. the rais
in? of the American flag— the flag that
Alice took from the British and that Tiad
been hidden away to finally crown the
victory of the Americans. Here It Is .that
the lovers meet again for the first time
after escaping many dangers. Beverley
tecs as a vision the woman he loves and
Those who have read Alphonse Daudet
Alphonse Daudet.
the midst of a party— It is a story that
only Barrie could have touched with the
humor that is pathos and the pathos that
is humpr. His laughs and tears overlap
In the same old way.
It is hardly likely that the book will be
as popular as its forerunner. It is mor»
serious, for one thing; It is more sub
jective, and above all, It 1 is a sequel.
Reading the sequel of a book you have
enjoyed Is like going back to the old place
where you have had a good time. • You
never have It again. (Published by Scrib
ner'a Sons. Price, H 50.)
Grizel/with her beauty, her strength,
her devotion, Is the. central interest
of ! the -book and. no one can fol
low her through all her struggles without
loving her.' Barrie has sustained the dig
nity of her figure to the end. The stern
ness with which she sets herself stand
ards and adheres to them is Puritanical;
her axdor Is Southern, And yet «ho Is
nor "unhappy" any more than the ending
of the average life .story Is.
I Grlzel holds the reader's sympathy from
first to last. Tommy is a psychological
study, a being to the charitable more to
be pitied than to be blamed; to the less
charitable, a cad unredeemed until the
story's eleventh hour.
Hungarian she seems to work herself Into
a religious frenzy : bordering on madness,
and he is further mystified by her. ex
claiming: h /
"This child of sin and misfortune? Why.
it was because he was on that. train- that
all those pure and good people had -to die!
Oh, accursed was the hour of his birth!
No, no; he Is not accursed. I— I, his moth
er, that gave birth to him. I am guilty;
He is innocent; he could not help it. . Oh,
mea citfpal mea culpa!
The Dumanys give an Immense sum to
be distributed among the sufferers from
the disaster and to be used in saying
masses.
In bidding Dumany good night, th<»
Here is the place where nineteen out
of twenty of our modern historical novel
writers would end the story. Mr. Thomp
son, however, gives three chapters more
in which he draws in all the loose threads
"The flag went up at old Vincennes,
never to come down again, and when it
reached its place at the top of the. staff
Beverley and Alice stood side by side
looking: at it, while the sun broke through
the clouds and flashed on its shining folds
and love unabashed glorified the two
strong young faces."
¦whom he had thought dead. The vision,
however, soon turns into a reality, for
she rushes into his arms and kisses him
despite the presence of the whole army.
THE J SUNDAY; OAXIi.
12
BOOK REVIEWS
AND LITERARY CHATDAN CUPID has strayed Into Belle
\ dom and the little blind archer has
. bagged many a. bride from the
flocks of maidens. Wedding chimes
have pealed his success, and the bells are
still In tune for other fair victims of his
wilee.
There are a dozen engaged bachelors who
are on the tiptoe of expectation for the
happy day when they shall be Benedicts.
There are a dozen society girls who are
ruffles deep In trousseaux. But they
haven't all taken the world and his wife
into their secret. It's fun having to slip
the «oi:ta.ire palm-in whenever Mrs.
Grundy ogles.
But a half dozen girls are openly receiv
ing congratulations and shyly flashing
their third flngers. There's Mollie Thomas,
Lillian Foil's, Mary McNutt. Edna Hop
kins, Isabelle Preston. Anna Voorhies and
. That was a narrow escape! Fancy
rnaJtlr.g public one of the "cross your
heart and hope to die" secret engage
ments.
Molly Thomas Is — well, she's Molly
Thomas. Ask any girl in her set what
that means. She's a born leader without
being a bit aggressive, and the girls all
flock to her standard, willy-nilly. So did
the men before Latham McMullin shoul
dered his way to the front and flew dan
ger signals. Thiilr wedding is to be cele
brated after the holidays, and many a
sigh will be tucked In with the rice and
slippers that follow in her wake.
Miss Thomas Is tall and slight with
dear cut features and frank gray-blue
eyes. She looks more like the typical,
•wholesome independent American girl
than does even the chiseled Gibson glrL
Miss Thomas' sister, Ella, was married
several weeks ago to Mr. Klmball of
Southern California. Both of the Thomas
girls have cpent several seasons in Wash
ington, and Mies Mollie was especially
popular with the distinguished foreign le
tati oners.
Every one Is particularly pleased over
Lillian Follls' engagement to Frank
Griffin. The secret oozed out only the
other day, but of a truth they've been
engaged for many moons— say twelve.
Mi£S Follis had taken her mother's place
In the home for so long that her father
could not bear the Idea of- even sharing
her with another. He became reconciled
to it shortly before his death, about four
months ago. Miss Jennie Flood, who Is a
near relative of Miss Follls and very fond
of h«.r, had planned to make u. formal an
nouncement of the engagement around
Christmas time. But the tea-tipplers
stole her thunder.
Miss Follis has a niche of her own in
the gallery of beauties. She has the
dreamy Follis eyes and sweet May-blos
som beauty all her own. Her pink and
brown coloring is in vivid contrast to the
glowing brunette beauty of her sister-in
law. Mrs. Jim Follis— Marpr Bell Gwln
who was.
The exact date for Miss Follls' wedding
has not yet been set. But It will probably
be sooner than originally planned— per-,
haps as early as February-
Mary McXutt's engagement to Ashton
Potter ha* not yet outgrown the nine
days' wonder accorded to these affairs of
the heart. Though her engagement Is the
last one announced, she will be married
before the other girls. The wedding will
be celebrated In Manila, where Lieutenant
Potter is stationed. Mrs. McNutt, Miss
Ruth McNutt. Genevieve Goad-Martin
&nd Frank Goad will accompany her and
complete the bridal party.
Society feels rather aggrieved at not
being able to lorgnette at Mary McNutt
In bridal array. She has the air and car
riage to sweep up a. church aisle after
the fashion of brides In books, which 1»
quite unlike the usual halting, self-con
scious bride who drags her yards of train
as awkwardly as the small girl playin*
lady for the* first time.
Mary McNutt always stands oat In
stately elegance on a ballroom floor. Her
figure Is perfectly molded and. she has th«
poise of manner that goes with It.
Issabelle "Preston's engagement to L«n D.
Owens was a genuine surprise, save to a
few friends who had guessed that Mr.
Owens had not' laid his heart at Miss
Preston's feet in vain. Rumor had It at
first that they were to have an out of town '
wedding and the disappointed were many.
But now it has been decided to have •>
town wedding. ¦{
The Prestons haye rented a hous© for
the season and will probably entertain ex
tensively. Besides Miss Isabella there aro
two other charming: daughters In the
Preston family— Norma and Edith. Miss
Edith Preston was one of Miss Ella
Thomas' (now Mrs. Klmball) bridesmaids
and has just returned from a visit to tha
Kimballs.
The wftddlng bells will probably ring
very soon for Miss Isabelle Prestoa. as
hers is not to be a long engagement. Miss
Preston Is a very charming girl and will
make' a handsome bride.
Anna Voorhies' . engagement to Tom
Bishop is recorded In the ancient
history of the present-day engagements.
It was announced at a dinner given by
Dr. and Mrs. Voorhies a twelvemonth ago.
But »tjo official announcement was neces
sary to the friends and college classmates
of the young couple, who had long before
detected that. Cupid had played pranks
with their affections.
Miss Anna Voorhies while a student at
the University of California met Mr.
Bishop, who was then an upper classman.
It was not difficult to see how matters
stood with them, though the engagement
was not acknowledged untlr some time
after. Miss Anna's d#but In society. She
was one of the most beautiful of the sea
son's buds. Mr. Bishop Is the son of
Thomas Bishop, the well-known lawyer.
He will follow In his father's profession.
At present he Is still a student at law col
lege, while his fiancee is traveling in
Europe.
Miss Voorhies' sl3ter, Leila, was lately
married to Lieutenant Guy Scott and is at
present stationed at Fort Monroe, Vir
ginia. Miss Voorhies' wedding day Is not
In the very near future— not until the mid
dle of the year, when Mr. Bishop will
have earned the legal sheepskin.
Miss Edna Hopkins, like her sister
Helen. Is going to move down the alphabet
from H to T. The Taylor boys have mort
gaged the affections of two of the Hop
kins girls. Mr. Gus Taylor has already
foreclosed his mortgage and carried his
bride away to a home of their own. Will
Taylor is going to follow suit shortly and
claim the promised hand of Edna Hop
kins.- s. : ;
!Mlss Edna Hopkins has none of the Uly-
Hke beauty of her sister Helen. She Is
more petite with dark hair and a pair of
brilliant brown eyes, the chief beauty in
a delicately pretty face. Her mother Is
an Invalid, but there Is still a third sister.
Georgie. to keep up the home sunshine
when the other tfrls are married.
. East or west there is not a bevy of more
charming girls than these six San Fran
cisco belles who are so soon to become
brides.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
13
SOCIETY GIRLS SOON
TO BE
BRIDES"Why. Zella, dear. God never made any
thing, more lovely than you, nor anything
more Impressively mysterious than yonder
mightly lake. Oh, if He had only given
us a ship equipped for some peacefu,
port"— . ~ . . -
"Where the wicked rease from troubling
and the weary are at rest." she said once
more breaking In upon his fine speechea
"That's the only really peaceful port, they
say', and we are not bound for that silent
harbor at present, I trust." -.
. "Wherever you are bound my sailing
orders are the same," he said, "wh^her
you will or no. Zella; yes, by heavens'
whether you will or no!" -. •
"They say all girls love a bold wooer
but you have the assurance of a free-born
Yankee, 11 pushing a book agency."
"Zella!, It's true, then, you do not love
me?" he said, despondlngly.
' ¦ "The Yankee, pushing the book agency
never, desponds. I fear you don't possess'
his persistence; you wilt and sigh, and—
er-give up although you say I am to be
yours, whether I will or no/'
"You are Incomprehensible, Zella, You
make my heart ache."
"Ned! Ned!" she exclaimed,' and trled'to
stop the flow of- hia exaggerated eulogium
with her hand upon hla mouth. But he
only kissed It and spoke 1 with' still rising
enthusiasm. -¦
"You will never hear Jt on mine. ''God
forsaken?' — rather -ray -'God-created.*
Why, Zella, If I knew nothing of the great
good side of Chicago, only knew her at
her worst, I would love the city for your
sake and respect her In honor of .Amos
Storey! They, were disappointed, speculat
ors, those Englishmen you 'speak of — or,
what la worse, things we call cads in Lon
don."
"Thank you, Ned, Columbia curtsies to
you." v ¦ i
"God-forsaken!"- he went. on. "If It was
as base as England when the Pilgrims fled
from It you would lift the scale of Hope
and Virtue and Beauty until"—
asKea. - • . ¦ ?
"What I have been trying to be here,"
he answered.
"A 'space reporter* they call It In Chi
cago," she said. "Don't get mad. ; You
have put me into a practical mood, and I
•want to know, you know,', as the inventor
did In the book by Dickens."
"I had a regular and not unimportant
engagement In London; but I lost it; and,
though I have not quite mastered, the jour-;
nallstlc methods of— of— "
. "Of this ¦ God-forsaken •' country," she:
said. "You- need not protest, Ned,- I've
heard the expression on the lips of more
than one Englishman."- .
there's a kink in your mind about some
thing."
"You called me Hiram."
"I often do; but you invariably call me
Storey."
"Oh! well. let It stand at Storey, then.",
"What has gone wrong, my friend?"
"Oh! nothing."
"I thought you liked this English fellow;
said you did. and even wanted to make his
fortune,"
"So 1 do still," said Dexter with a sud
den change of manner. "In proof of
which. Fend him. to Platts Valley and I'll
put a ten thousand dollar share to his
cr««1it in the new mine."
"Vou will?"
"Yet-, and you can make whatever ar
rangements you please about the paper."
"I can always do that. Dexter," said
Storey somewhat sharply.
"But I am your bipgest stockholder.".
"In this game of the Mail money does
not sneak in the management. And by
God, Hiram D^xtrr, if you throw that in
my teeth a^um I'll buy you out to-mor
row:"
"Why Storey, we seem to be quarreling;
how is it?"
"You know best. But understand me,"
Eatd Storey, towering up above his partner
six feet cf bone and brawn and a noble
head with flowing Rray hair. "I am the
Iiofs in this building; you came In with
money as a friend. By V If you as-
Fume any other position, If you were my
good— everything a man fancies a woman
whom he thinks he loves."
'/Thinks he loves!" said Glover,' appeal
lngly. , . ¦
"Well, loves, then! But, you see, I am
ambitious: I don't want to be controlled;
I would like to. travel, and mean to when
I have saved morrey enough. I intend to
go to Europe and to do all manner of
things that— cr— well, that a husband
might object to. I don't think I am what
they call a marrying girl, and I. don't
know that you ought to be considered a
marrying; man.".
"Not rich enough, eh?" "
"Too poor, certainly, to realize what you
would want to do for me."
"If I had all the wealth In the world,
Zella,. it would not be too much for me to
lavish upon you."
"Now that's silly. I wouldn't be very
rich if I might be. Everybody knows that
as a rule •millionaire' spells 'misery.'
Look at Mr. Dexter! He used to seem
quite happy, but ever since he tapped
Platts Valley he has become more serious
with every big report: it's not generally
known, but he's got a bonanza there. He
has been drifting from anxletyto despair
about his pile, until latterly he goes about
as if half his money might be tied around
his neck and. the other half were mule
hoppers about his feet."
"Nevertheless, Zella, I mean to be rich
for your sake."
"Don't be anything of the kind; espe-
"While Dlgges and Dexter were con
ferring; on various questions that might
be to their mutual advantage— one the
capitalist and the other the miner, who
has staked his claim and worked it with
hi. own hands, Ned Glover and Zella
Brunnen were sailing Zella's boat off a
pleasant point on the lake, whence they
could see the rooftops and the budding
trees of their Parkslde home.
Ned. in a suit of navy blue serge, was
sitting in thfi stern of the tiny yacht, a
white silk wrap about hia neck. The wind
having dropped, he had been rowing, and
had Just dropped anchor In the little cove,
where Zella was often in the habit of
reading a book or casting a lino before
Koing to her duties in a morning, or after
the labors of the day, for the springtime
had come, and the lake had dreamy
hours, a3 she had — dreamy hours of sunny
rest fulness.
"A wonderful lake," Glover wa» saying,
as she reclined amidships, among a pile of
cushions. "Has its quiet, hopeful days, as
we have, and Its storms of doubt and dis
appointment."
"Not a good simile. Ned." the girl re
plied. "It has no doubts and fears; it is
as unimpassloned as a snake, as cruel as
a tiger; takes a mariner by the throat and
chokes him. and the next moment smiles
as if nothing had happened. Don't let tis
get sentimental, Ned.
"As If one could possibly help It, Zella,
minder of the nature of my occupation
would only stimulate me to a higher am
bition. ... And. Zella, talking of the
past in a man's life, I must tell you some
thing of mine. . . . Let me tell you
now. . . . There can be no better time.
"I guess there can, Ned." she said quick
ly. "They are lighting the lamps; let us
go ashore," shaking off her wraps and
steadying herself against the mast.
"Now I have made you unhappy," said
Ned.
"Oh, no!" she replied. "Haul up the an
chor." - • •
"A breeze Is springing up; there'll be a
moon," he said. "Let's set the sail and
land by the harbor."
"Bridget will be anxious about us; we
had better go home. You shall talk to me
as we walk."
"And shall we go around by Prairie ave
nue?"
"Yes."
As she leaped ashore she 1 took from her
waist belt a whistle, which she sounded
three times. In a few minutes It was an
swered by an old boatman.
"Pull her round to the quay. Ralph;
moor her for the night and bring her
round here by 6 In the morning."
"Yes, Miss Zella," said the man, climb
ing into the cutter and pushing It off.
Ned took Zella's hand. She did not re
sist. He drew her arm within his own.
"What were you in England, Ned?" she
"I'm real sorry ," she said.
"What tree. is this with Its leaves com
ing out so quickly?" V^vi*
She paused in the shade of It and looked
"I think it's a plana tree." he said, won
docingly.
She looked around to see If any on«
might be near.
"Then kiss the plain young woman un
der it." she said; "and heal your broken
heart!"
CHAPTER XI.
SHE LOVES HIM. BUT IS NOT A MAR
RYINQ GIRL!
Of course Glover was at the trysting
place long before 6 in the morning. He
and the old boatman had everything ship
shape by the time Zella put In an appear
ance. She looked freah and bright as the
morning. Naturally she expressed sur
prise at seeing Glover there. She had not
invited him Nevertheless, when
he looked disappointed at thfc» salutation,
she was fain to confess that she was glad
to see him.
There wtas a breeze that carried them,
with a lively motion, out to the north.
. . . Ned was in heaven. He felt the
had never lived until now. . . - While
.the cutter bent her sails to the breeze,
there was a ripple of conversation; tha
talk that lovers make, punctuated with
notes of Interrogation. . • . Zella, how
ever, came down now and then ¦was a
prosaic check upon Ned's eloquent pro
testations of devotion and his jubilant
hopes of the future.
"They say you could drop England Into
Lake Michigan and lose her."
"Just as a fellow loses himself In the
blue depths of your eyes, Zella."
"Why certainly." she replied, laughing,
"what are your English lakes like?"
"I remember meeting a countryman of
yours who was making a tour of our Eng
lish lakes, and he called them ponds.
"Too bad," said Zella. sympathetically.
"But we do shake the Hag, I believe, when
we travel in Europe."
"He admitted, however, that he had
never seen more beautiful ponds In all
his travels."
"Come, now, that was better, and I ex
pect they are Just lovely, eh?"
"One day we will sail over them to
gether, and I'll show you where Words
worth lived a"nd Coleridge and "
"The lake 'poets! Oh. I know, and
Southey, and 'Mary tne Maid of the Inn,'
and 'We Are Seven.' and 'The Ancient
Mariner;' I guess that's where. you beat
us In your durn'd old country, as some of
our folks affectionately call it; nary a
poet that I know of ever lived on Lake
Michigan "
"Too big for any poet," said Ned, laugh-
Ins. "I guess he'd get lost; yet It might
Inspire large Ideas."
"You should have seen It at the World's
Fair! It gave one a kind of idea what
Venice and Florence and Rome and Greece
and all the loveliest cities and sunniest
lagoons one had ever read about or seen
in pictures! And. oh, what a crowd! Talk
of Babel and London and the great city
of Japan; my, you can't imagine such a
mixing up of the antique and the modern,
the classic and the otherwise; It Just made
your h*»ad swim!"
"I should think so," said Ned. en
chanted with the girl's lively enthusiasm.
"Zella, you are a picture."
"Don't be foolish. Ned."
"You are. by Jove! You'd make the for
tune of a painter who could realize you at
this moment."
"You talk as if I were n. bale of goods.
Realize me, indeed! What price. Zella,
eh?"
"What Indeed! A lite's devotion?"
"Not negotiable," she replied. And now
Bhe was leaning against trie tiller. sway-
Ing with It as she kept the cutter's head
to windward, her yachting cap pushed
back upon her head, her face aglow, the
pose of the body showing off Its graceful
lines. Ned might well exclaim upon the
beauty of the picture.
"And do you know the Lake of Como?"
•he asked, reclining once more upon her
cushions.
"Are you thinking of the play?"
"I guess I was. Don't know that I hare
seen the right kind of Melnotte; don't
know that I admire him. either; but seems
to me that I know that Lake of Como."
"Don't say It comes from Sheffield,"
said Ned, laughing In his turn.
"I won't. But It didn't require much
Imagination to see that marble palace lift-
Ing to eternal summer after sailing on a
Sunday afternoon by the water buildings
of the fair. I guess it taught us quite a
good deal, that fairy city, with its treas
ures from ever>' corner of the world."
"I might have described It for a London
dally, but I didn't want to leave London
lust then. Only fancy, I might have seen
you! Think of the time I have lost!"
''Not much. I guess: you wouldn't be
likely to have taken notice of a green girl
In short skirts— Just a mere schoolgirl."
"Shouldn't I!"
"Why didn't you want to leave London
Just then?"
"My mother was living, Zella. and she
was very fond of me."
"Oh." said Zella giving the tiller a twist
that headed the boat for her homeward
point.
"She would have liked you. Zella. Next
to my mother my t,est, Indeed, my only
friend was Dick Lorrimer. Some day you
will meet him. v.'hat a delight that will
be! Such a good fellow! An extraordinary
fellow In many respects."
Ned's reference to the death of his
mother clouded Zella's spirits. She sat
watching the din of the cutter's bows aa
the .little vessel sped onward before a
rising wind blowing landward, and
Glover 3 eyes rested upon her with
dreamy solicitude. Love has many and
varied moods.
Home for breakfast, their bright and
cheery faces were a rebuke to their fellow
boarders.
: "Faith, we've got the feathers of the
bed in our eyes, and the dust of the nlcht
In our ears, compared with the liveliness
of these airly rolsers," said Mrs. O'Hacan
presiding over the morning meal. "I'm*
ould-fashloned. and luv the mornln's
cramps.
| "I perfectly agree with you, Mrs. O'Ha
gan, ' said old Glencoe. smothering his
dish of porridge with cream and falling to
,wlth a will.
I "And I wonder at ye. takln* cream with
your parritch," remarked Mrs. Ferguson
:"A pinch of salt la Scotch and healthful 1
I "There's many things ye maun recko'n
healthful that's nae sae agreeable as tak
In' a wee bit risk wi' a dish that jri'es
pleasure to the palate," replied Glencoe
-making a second attack upon the cream '
1 Glover, at his end of the table, was tell
ing Mrs. O'Hagan of the delights of seeine
the morning when it Is freshest and Mrs
O'Hagan was helping Zella to the daintiest
of the menu. " l
Ej "It'e the notice to quit I'll be serving on
ye," «ho said, addressing Ned quietly "be
fore ye bring desolation upon me. What'll
I do if ye rob me of Zella?^ at "
"I will never rob you of Zella," said N«d
"You shall live with us; or we with you* 1
"What:s that?" asked Zella. pricking un
her ears. "You may well say the Enr
lish have the impudence of the Old One*"
'•And the greed av him!" exclaimed Mrs
O'Hagan. "Here's this globe-trotter not
contlnt wid sharln* yer companionship wid
me, but Is lntraygin' to carry ye off. and
wants to bribe me wid a promise that I'll
be wan av the company!"
"Don't tgke any notice of him Bridget
dear; he s only romancing." * •
/'Faith! and it's no wonder, whin v« in
courage him to lave his bed to go neram"
bulatin' av the deep before the sun's wHi
on it. And It's a scandal we'll be havln 5
at Parkside." * 1U
"If our lady skipper does not accept the
hand of her infatuated passenger," said
"Infatuated nonsense 1" said Zella
"Help yourself to the scrambled eras ami
assist r Mrs. Ferguson to the buckwheat
"Mrs. Ferguson is talking to her neigh
"And your neighbor Is listening to every
word you say," whispered Zella '
"She may." Ned. "The whole
house already knows my secret "
t "*T hen iA Buess you are Just sillier than
I thought you." Zella replied. "I'm off
noiv.
She turned her face towards the com
rct"red° r & moment ' bowed to them, and
girl's mad wid ye," said Mm
O'Hagan., "If she loves sentiment In h?r
heart she's not wan that cares fer it wid
breakfast." BSS *"* * Party >atlns ««•?
# iT. m an a ' 9 « Mrs - O'Hagan," said Ned
folding up his napkin.. •.«¦»" -^ea.
• "Shure and ye are that mama -ht-
Glover." said Mrs. O'Hagan; "but only
under the provocation av a romantic dis-
POsHio^and the misfortune av yer birth."
"Ye'irdo nothing av the kind. Let her
alone. Whist, ye blatherskite! would ye
make the wlmmln at the table understand
ye've had a tiff and set the men laughil?
at yer onaisiness? Are ye so bllnf ye
•id * " would have ye sthay
So Ned sat at the table until the lasti
and then went Into Mrs. O^Hagan's private
parlor, where to his lnnnitu delight he
found Zella. t She was not, however,
dressed for walking.
"I have a day oti." she said. "Mr. Dex
ter has gone to Su l»uls and given me
a holiday." £J „
"Then I'll take one, too," Bald Ned.
"And phwat's to become av me'.'" Mrs.
O'Hagan asked. *
"We'll go and spend the day at Lake
Forest: or I'll take you to a matinee; or
we'll hire a buggy, and drive to a jolly
restaurant I kn»w at Edgeworth. wnere
we can dine and there is a garden; or we
might go somewhere further away on the
cars; or "
"Av coorse. av coorse." broke In Mrs.
O'Hagan. "and we might come back to
Parkside and* find there's been the divvia
to pay in me abslnce: ccok quarrelin" w!d
the kitchin girl, both with the waitretj.
and all av 'em wid Ould Glencoe. ana
Glencoe wid the Senator from Kentucky,
and the place all out av the winders. Havo
ye no engagement at the offices av tha
Chicago L>aUy Mail. Mlather tilover?"
"There's only one engagement I'm look-
Ing for. Mistress O'Hagan, and that is
with your Miss Zella Brunnen; which be
ing concluded, I'm off to the auriferous
regions they call Platta Valley and Platts
Ridge, to pick; up a fortune tha.t i3 awa.il
ing me, wnich said fortune Is my wife."
Zella was rocking herself, with v.eii
acted indifference.
"You do go on." she said.
"He talks shtralght," said Mrs. O'lla
gan. "It's natural I'll lose ye some day;
you're young, I'm ould. It's not many
years I can be carryln' on at Parkside;
and who's to look afther ye when I'm
gone? .... It's hateful to have ar.y
wan before me In yer affections
But, when the tpime come3, I want him
to have money enough to kape ye. It's a
mere thrifle I can be leavin" ye."
"Biddy, dear," said Zella. bringing her
rocking-chair to a. stand still, "don't make
me wretched. It would break me heart
to lose you; and you have no right to
speak of leaving me anything. You can
leave me nothing I'll cherish half so much
as the sweet memory of your kindness to
me."
She rose as sho spoke and flung herself
Into Mrs. O'Hagan's anna. When they
had kissed each other and shed a few
tears Airs. O'llagan said: "We're jlst a
pack av fools, that we are; and I'm the
worst, to begin the mornin' wid lnvokin'
the shadows av the night, and makln'
each other miserable. It'B all your fault.
ye base and brutal Saxon!"
Half crying, half laughing, the old
woman glowered at Glover and whisked
out of the room, pulling the door to with
a Jerk of the snack; and Zella resumed
her rocker.
"You have brought ructions and anxiety
Into the once peaceful home of Parkside,"
she said with affected seriousness. "Until
you appeared I was the pet of the carav
anserai and the envied and beloved of
Mistre?s Bridget O'Hagan'a paying
guests."
"And now," said Glover, dragging hi3
chair in close proximity to her rocker,
"you are the admired and beloved of an
infatuated stranger, who ¦would lay dowa
his life to please you."
"Just as they all propose to do In the
Sunday Mail romances ar.d the dime
novels. It's Just wonderful how they all
want to do it. What for? "Whether a
fdrl loves a fellow or not she don't want
him to lay his life down. Not that he
wants to do it in reality. Not he; ain't
such a goose; thinks It pleases the girls.
Ii s Just hlgh-falutln' stuff and f.zzle."
"You are In a dialetlc mood thi3 mom-
Ing. Zella." ,
"Am I? Talking slang, ain't It?"
"I don't mind it. dear."
"Don't call me dear."
""What then, love?"
"You think that's smart, eh? "Well, be
happy: make yourself at home."
"I will try to do so. Zella."
"Think 'high-falutln's' slang don't
you?"
"I think It's very expressive."
"Mr. Glencce says ail our p'ang is Just
simply depraved English."
"And what's his kail-yard talk, that
pounds like the bagpipes in convulsions'*
Is that depraved Scotch. I wonder?"
"I dinna ken." she answered, laugh'r"
"I mean. I don't know."
"Zella, you're a witch."
"Calling me names now! Don't yon
think you had better go and atrer.d to
your business?"
"I am attending to It," said Ned. "It's
my business to ask you "
"If I love you." she said. Interrupting
him. with a merry twinkle in her eyes
"Very well, that's good business. Do
you?"
He leaned over her chair and seized her
hand. She did not withdraw it. A pa'r
of daintily slippered feet were swingirs
from beneath her white petticoat: a blua
ribbon was fluttering from her full white
throat; her red lips were parted with a
smile that threatened to become a laugh,
and a sunbeam was reddening- a bunch of
rosrs in a vase on the table. Ned thought
he should go mad; but he kept his head.
"Do you love me?" he said, raising her
hand to his lips. "Oh, Zella!'
"\'e»— oh. Edmund!" she said, looking up
at him with a coquettish light in her eyes
"But "
He smothered the "but" with a Caring
assault on her lips that brought her to her
feet, flushed, and bent on running away
"No, you don't." he said, his back to the
door.
"Very well, then." she answered, •'you
are not to do that again without an Invi
tation. Now, sit down, and let me sit
down.
"My dear Zella! Oh, It I was rich, for
your sake!" *
"Rich! And so you are, if you are the
man I think you; rich in a generous
heart, rich In an earnest hope; rich In a
worthy ambition, rich In talent, backed br
education. Material prosperity follows."
She spoke with flashing eyes and a glow
of enthusiasm on her handsome face that
set Ned's heart beating at a furious rate
"If I am the man you think me!" he
said presently, as she once more assumed
her customary self-possession and swayed
backwards and forwards on tha rocker
"If I am the man you think me! And if
I am not?"
"Oh! well, when a girl takes an Inter
est in a man— as. It seems, she has to
whether she will or no — why I guess sh«
constructs her own ideal of him; Just, of
course, as he does of his girl."
"I am not what any one would call an
ideal man."
"How can you be?" she said, with a
mischievous emll». "You are a Britisher:"
"Yes; with all a Britisher's faults."
And how many they are you may know
by £nterviewln* Mrs. 6'Hagan on theTub
"There are Britishers and Britishers"
he said, with a sigh and a tug athii
mustache. "I am not a bad sort. Zella:
indeed, I think I am more than ordinarily
decent, as men go; but I have been cuiltr
of one eravo fault." *
"Only oner* sho said, pausing In her
rocking. "You are almost as good as
George Washington— 'First in lova. first In
™. first In the hearts of his countrymen:
—I think that's how th« Jingle goes?'
"You won't be serious, Zella/'
"I don't want to be; but. If you Insist
I guess I had better pull a long face and"
have done with It." *
Glover seemed to have his story on hia
mind as unconquerably as the Ancient
Mariner, who buttonholed the Wedding
? t," 1 have mastered that grave fault that
threatened to become a habit; mastered
!H bu J n°t without a bitter punishment,
nor without later temptation " '
"Oh! Don't tell me!" Zella cried re
sponding with keen sympathy to' the
pained expression that had taken ths color
out of the young. man's cheeks.
"I must tell you. dear. I could not ask
you to be my- wife without letting yoS
know what kind of a man you would b«
marrying.
"I don Y t want you to ask me anything
Sfarr^InTfel." 119 ***'' "*"* * "» "«* S
33ft c h p e S 1 TSn?r?c^? I S. t 2Sd. o 5S?
heeding her protesting declaration. "I
have always shirked the question "
"Don't tell me!" she said again. "We
are petting too serious; and I thought we
would go somewhere to-day and have a
good time, a drive or a bike ride; some
thing pleasant"
"So we will, dear. But when two peo
ple are going to become partners for llf»
they should know all about each other."
• "I don't know that the peopia you refer
to, are going to become partners for life.
Xed. As for me. I have not said so. I
havo po wish to marry, and I don't think
I am the sort of girl to make a good
wife."
"You are the sort of girl that God de
signs for the best man on his wide earth,"
said Glover. "I am not that man; but
your love has lifted me Into a path of
ambition and virtue and hope that is
heavenly. Nevertheless, you must know
who and what I am before I ask you
finally to link your life with mine."
THE SUNDAY CALL..
(Continued next week.)
Synopsis.
ZELLA BRUNNEN. a n-.enjfctr of the Chl
c*go •WcznrrVi Athletic Club and typ«
wrller to Hiram Dexter, pillllonalrc. !¦
in*?ultc<i on h**r Tray liom# by & ruffianly
Tr.!cer, Atrier DlrE^s. Ned Glover, an Entlith
ra*n ar.fi writer for the Daily Mall. Interferes.
ly.ggeu drav.-s e. knife ar.d iunges «t Oirv«?r.
but it knocked down by a. blow from Zetla.
Joe Winiair-s. a detfetive. arrests Dirtrt*. but
I& case is <".:grr.!esfd with a light *ent?nce.
D!pse« invears vengeance en Glcver. Amen
Stor«r, proprietor and efiHor of th« Dally
Mall, is a ;-.er*onal IrlerwS of Hiram Dextfr.
Storey rer.ds Glover to r<*t iin article on the
I'.'e of t^e isilior.a'.re. Dfster takfs a fancy
to the younj n-.an and prcposes to rive him an
lrterest in some inir.lr.? venture?. Glover Snde
that he 1* living: above his mfanr, and u|>on
tr.entlcnint tl-.e mattrr to etrrey is advised to
take a room at a <crtaia boarJ!ng-house. which
turn? out to Ije t!i* fame or.f where Zella Brun
n«-n Ji\-w>. H» there meets the plrl who savert
his "ife ar.d wihom he ha* eoupht for in vain.
It '.f u ca?e cf leve at first sight.
Copyright. 1300. by Joseph Hatton.
CHAPTER IX— Continued.
tiff S for Zella, love cair.e to her with
1/ \\ a curious sense of elation, accom-
Ji U pasted ly a. passion of secrecy.
The l!grht cf her love did n«;t
hreal: in.on her "tiimlv, ur as in a si'.
ver nrsi. bet hot and plowing, and the
more the fire consumed her the more she
tried to hi-ie it. She -was woman enough
to Bee at ence that the Englishman was
madi;. ia love with h>n ¦; otherwise she
inirM have given him a lender encourage
ment. At- it w;is, she pkiyed with his pas
elon. Mrs. O"Ha^ai:. In her Irish way,
mi i the pirl "jot made a cock-shy av It,
ps the Mioys r.iuut tarcits av heads at
Doraytj-ooU!"* Cct £c!la only lauphed.
and r-rolcs sr-<i nil the more to make light
cf "the Cbicaso Mail m^n," as «he called
him. in jcm. There were odd moments,
however, when t-V.e turned upon Ned a
pair of cyrj thut seemed to say. "Don't
you p;e that i icvo you, without making
xr.e confers it?" And there weie partings,
rov: and thm. when j^ho- allowed her hand
to rest in li'x: *md once he might have
k!ss?d her. li Ue Ju«d had the courage.
Gl-jver xvus never happier, never more
misorab'.' . He a>\\ In Mr. Better's kind-
Ktesif to Z-ila a far more Forious obstruc
liov, and '^r.pc- to h:s own hopes than he
dared ev«-.-i wiu.-fer to Zella. Nevertheless,
he was continually 1 . referring to Zella's
position as on,> that was not altogether
desirab'.e in a young, unprotected woman..
In the very word "unprotected" there was
a. rir.R ef reminiscence that was like pleas
fcnt inysic "Tlien let a foreigner protect
you." This maot her bear with patlpnce
hints that ceemed to border on question-
Ings that she wjuld have deeply resented
coming frr.m any other j-erson. She knew
Mr. l>exter was fond of her; so was Mrs.
trHas>»; so w'is old Glrncoe; so were the
two professors a; the athletic club. What
cf it? But «ho had not heard Dexter's
confession to Storey ami Glover, nor seen
the passion In his face nor the agony of
cisappoiniment in bis eye.
Nevertheless, Zella perceived a change
In Mr. Dexur'a manner toward her when
the told him that Mr. Edmund Glover,
¦who had written a certain charming
sketch of a visit to his olflce. had come to
live at Parksiue. . . . "Don't you like
Mr. Glover any more?" she had asked; "1
Thought you quite admired him— or. at
any rate, considered his work very clev
er*"' I>extrr had replied. "Oh. yes. I
puess he's a white man, as Britishers go;
tnd he's right smart as a reporter." Zella
did not fall to note Debtor's sneer on tlie
word "reporter." This, however, she kept
to herself. She had seen sufficient of the
worid to know how to b« her own con
fidante. Without meaning it. Dexter had
betrayed to the girls quick apprehension
that he had ceased to care for Glover
from the moment he had gone to live In
the house n here ehe. too. boarded. . . .
The discovery troubled her. 6he did not
betray anything more than an ordinary
surprise at Dexttr ¦ change of feeling; but
It let in a. flood of light upon many seem
ingly trivia! things, that had hitherto
passed comparatively unnoticed. . .
It occurred to her, all In a moment, that
Mr. Dexter had often locked at her with
something more than a curious interest
when he had asked her questions concern-
Ing her girlish life, her hopes and her
ambitions. He had once or twice dwelt
upon the advantages of riches: and it now
occurred to ber that in one of his letters
to a poor relative in California he had ad
vised the young girl to marry the gentle
man who could lift her above miserable
turroundinss. It waf Dextcr's habit to dic
tate- all his letters, private or public, social
or political; huJ <>f late he had written
several to his "sweet young cousin" at
Bar. Francisco who had. it avpeared. been
lell an orphan In poor circumstances, and
who had declined the hand of a very pros
perous and wealthy citizen, simply be-'
cat:se he was twenty years older than her
self. . . . Now It fame Into Zella's
mind to doubt l! ih!s young lady ever ex
isted. She felt the blood mount to her
temples, as she sat down at her desk with
thi^ though* In her mind, and wondered
that it had never occurred to her before —
a!i the mere po, as Mr. Dexter Invariably
posted th'-se letters to his "sweet young
cou.<:n" hirr.se!f. . . . Eut a woman's
perf-eptJon of thir.c:?. and her outlook gen
erally, underjro a keen »;harpentng the
moment !-er wit feels the first touch of
• Cupid's MTOW.
Notwithstanding Dexier'3 unmistakable
chance of feeling. h*» gave no Indication
of It to Glover; and he endeavored to re
pair ihf mistake he had made in letting
jlits Brunnen into his secret by making a
great pretense of cntoruur.inffa great in
terest in Glover's career. . . Dexter was
a shrewd, capable man In business, knew
every rope of the Hoard of Trade at Chi
rajeo an«l every current cf the tides In
Wall street; but it was strangely new
cteerine fir him in th« turbulent seas of
the supreme passion that m^y come to n
man late in life. Until the advent of Ned
Olcvr. he bad hoped to hold Zella by the
ellccted tics of a fatherly interest. Once
he hr.d rpprocohed her with an expression
of his real feolins; but only to excite such
a panic in the young girls mind as had
made him promptly modify his attack,
and confers for her a "genuine fatherly
sentiment " She was an orphan. He was
alone in the world. Why should he not
try and act a father's part toward her?
She had replied that no one could ever
take her father's place; that being dead
h« still lived In her heart, and his spirit
watched over her. Dexter had thereupon
dropped every suggestion of a closer con
nection than that of employer. To keep
this tie taut and strong, he had paid her
no more than a moderate ware, and had
•m ployed her the lull hours that he was
entitled to. Thus, gradually, he had won
the girl's rood will, and a eense of grati
tude for the unvarying kindness with
which he had treated her. ... So
Glover caiied now and then on Mr. Dex
tor. and received for the Mall much val
uable Information about mining and other
Interest*: and, whenever opportunity
arose, Dexter offered Glover a drink
made Sam bring out his little silver trav.
with its champagne, its Angostura bit
ters. Its bowl of cracked Ice, and its snips
of lemon peel nn<2 basin of snow-iike
sugar Just; but G!ov«r was always proof,
against the temptation. Dexter knew that
it was a temptation; though Glovr cred
ited him with the moFt generous of hospl
tr.hle intentions.
The boarding-house, as one man and one
¦woman, soon came to the conclusion that
the Englishman was o\rr head and ears
in love with Zolla; and that the young
lady herself. If she did not as cordially re
spond, was flattered by his attentions for
Glover was good looking, dressed well,
talked wit. tang: a prood scng. looked well
in the saddle on a horse or bicycle, and
wae already beg-inninp to make' a name,
not only ae a bricht miscellaneous ¦writer
for th«» press, but as a contributor to the
literary column? of the Sunday Mail
which counted sraonc Its authors cele
brated names, both Enjrllsh and Ameri
can, ar.d was Illustrated by artists of dis
tlnctSo'.i. O lover had created some sur
prise hy his varied knowledge, more
especially in pure science, as well as prac
tical entrireerirg. "The beggar can write
about anything, and with kiiow!**dpf\"
Btorey had said to Dexter, and Dexter
had replied. "He's a. devilish deal too
riever. That's what's the matter with
Edmund Glover!**
The remark vrns made with an animus
that 8*ton1r,hfMJ Storey: who. after a pause
replied. "Oh? that's what's the matter
with Glover, eh? Too devilish clever.
How lor.g 1b It sin^e you have made that
discovery. Hiram?*'
"It don't matter. Amos." said Dexter
•with colrt courtesy. "That's my ODlnlon."
"Oh! Very well. I guess it ain't going
to make any difference between us?"
"Not that I imagine. Amos."
"But when you call iko Amos I know
And so the time rolltd on. Dexter dis
sembled his chagrin at the progress Glo
ver had made In the affections of Zella
Brunnen. but in private he suffered tor
ments. He had only now begun to really
appreciate how fiercely he loved her. Joe
Williams contemplated the action of the
amatory drama with no more than a pass-
Ing curiosity. Storey and Dexter had en
tirely made up their qnarrel that had
broken out like a sudden 6torm In a blue
sky- and subsided quickiy. as such storms
will. Mrs. O'Hagan was, in her heart, al
most as jealous of Glover as Dexter was;
but ehe loved the srirl too well to cross her
in anything. Glover was the life and soul
of the table whenever he was present;
but his work often look him away for
days together.
Dlgges had served his month at the
house of correction, and It boded no good
to Glover that . he had met Hiram
Dexter by appointment at the Palmer
House, after the usual hours at which
Dexter was in the habit of receiving call
ers. Not that there might have been anv
thing Inimical to Glover In such a meet
ing, seeing that Dlgces was the boss of a
mining camp in the neighborhood of
Platts Valley, where Dexter owned a vast
property. Dlgges might have the appear
ance of a terrible rufllan drunk and
brawling; In the streets of Chicago; but
away in the wilds of Colorado, a Chicago
reporter would have described him as a
picturesque type of the frontiersman and
mining: adventurer.
THE MASKED BATTERY OF A
WOMAN'S HEART.
CHAPTER X.
"Then kiss tbe plain, young
woroan," she said.
twin brother, I'd chuck you Into th«
street, and your money bags, too!"
Storey was rarely roused Into passion,
but when he showed fight he was a very
devil.
Dexter knew his man. Moreover, the
mention of Glover in connection with
Platts Valley had set up a new idea In his
mind that had acted as an instantaneous
solace to his chagrin at the sudden inter
est Miss Brunnen had taken in Mr3.
O'Hap.ui's new boarder.
"Storey, you are losing your temper,"
he said "qul'ckly.
"It's a devilish good thing for you, Hi
ram, that you have r.ot lost yours at the
same time." Do you know how I and my
wile pet on so well? We never lose our
tenners at the sam; j lime. You provoked
me Dexter. Don't ilo It again." .
"I will not." saitl Dexter, "but don't
think I'm afraid of you. Storey. I think I
wa* in the wrong."
"Say r.o more about It. Come and dine
ar.«l k*o to the theater to-r.lght. will you?"
"I don't mind if I do," said Dexter.
"Dinner at 7. I'll a.-k my wife's cousin
to ioin up. She has just returned from
Europe. You'll like iier. She'll amuse
you."
And £0 they made their quarrel up. It
was the first time Dexter had seen Sto
rey was greatly moved. When he was alone
he sat and wondered how the trouble had
arisen. It had come about through Ned
Glover. He was out of humor when he
called upon Storey. Storey had made him
worse bv praising Glover. Since the morn
ing he hated Glover. Miss Brunnen had
mentioned him twice. It was easy to see
that phe liked the beggar. Any fool could
gather that from the expression of her
fare when she mentioned him. Of course
the designing sneak had taken rooms at
Parkslde to be near her. to pester her
with his attentions. He must be got out
of the way before he had time to make
any definite impression. It was strange,
even to Dexter himself, to find how bit
terly he could feel against a man who had
done him no intentional wrong, and who,
at their first intercourse, had excited In
him an interest 3r.d a liking that no oth
er individual had ever succeeded In
achieving. Hut for the shndow of Zella
Brunnen falling between them Ned Glo
ver might have become Hiram Dexter's
ri £ ht hand - _
"All hands on deck!" said Zella, with
?mock command, and beginning to rise
from her cushions; like' Venus from the
sea, thought Glover, who at once pre
pared to restrain her.
"Peccavl!" he cried. "Avast! All hands
below, and everything else that denotes
'sit still. Zella,' and I will be as prosaic
as the slummiest slum of Chicago, and
as practical as a nigger In a henroost!"
"From sweet voices and the sun in love
with a typewriter girl to a nigger In a
henroost brings us down to life's realltlc-i.
Now we shall get on." «
"Why do you call yourself a typewriter
girl?"
"Why do they call you a space re
porter?"
"I am something more than a apace re
porter." ,
• "I am only a typewriter girl." •
"Nonsense! You are. the daughter of a
great soldier, you are a. child of the na
tion, an honored pensioner of the Govern
ment, an accomplished woman, a—"
"Stop! Stop, before you say I am Ve
nus and Diana, and all the rest of them
I know you think me beautiful, clever,
tho music of your dear voice making a
concert with the rippling of the waters,
and the sun just dwelling on your face,
as though It loved you as I do.
"Now, look here, Ned. If you go on talk
ing in that way I shall order all hands
on deck, up anchor and make for port."
She snowed her white teeth, with a
laugh, and leaned back among, her
cushions. In a manner quite the opposite
of her threat. A picture of health, and
physical beauty, she loorted a nautical
heroine, with flannel jacket and skirt and
her navy blue yachting cap. her fair hair
bound tightly about the back of her head.
Her hands were bare and brown; not the
hands that the society lady endeavors to
mold into shape and whiteness with medi
cated gloves worn through the night, but
strong hands with strong knuckles, broad
<hands that could grip an oar, or deal a
blow In the face of a rufllan, as we have
seen. Yet they were shapely hands, anil,
to the . palmist, eloquent of virtuous
resource, enterprising, adventurous ami
Indicative at the same time of stronjj
common-sense. "Glover was not looking at
her. hands; he had lost himself in her
eyes. There never were such, eyes, so
liquid, with such a depth of feeling, yet
capable of flashing angry lightnings.
"You shouldn't have such beautiful
eyes. Zella, so sweet a voice, and be in
such perfect harmony with the time, the
hour, the sunset and the dreamy lake."
"I began life' as a mining, engineer. I
hope to turn my knowledge tp account In
that-very Platts Valley. You know that
Mr. Dexter has made me proposals?"
"Yes, yes; but, ohl would you Quit Chi
cago?" •
"To make a fortune and rl«e above the
mean estate of a— space reporter."
"You know you are a great deal more
than that; you know how . ¦ highly • Mr.
Storey values your work." ... . >*
"You said I was what they call a space
reporter."
. '.'Ned, dear, I did not mean to' wound
your pride." • -
"The wound- is healed with that sweet
adjective. ' If *it were otherwise yourre-
¦ "What a sigh was there," «he said. "Dear
Ned. you mustn't 'take on so/ as the
housemaid say a to the buttons In that
English novel in last Sunday's paper."
"Zella. you are making me wretched.
For God's sake don't talk about the Mail!
I may leave it as soon as you say. you will
be my wife."
"Leave It?" she said, half-ri«lng from
her cushions. ~ '^flfr£fS&Bt&Stil&&SMItffl
"What do you mean by a past, Cella?"
Ned asked with an anxious thought about
his one serious shortcoming. . ¦ ','..
"I don't know; but the man with a past
and the woman with a past are continu
ally-thrown In one's face.- If one reads the
.stories in the Sunday Mail."
"Oh, damn the Sunday Mall!", exclaimed
Glover, with an -immediate and penitent
apology. "I beg your pardon, Zella." r - ,
"Oh, I forgive you," she said, laughing.
"But just reflect, now; If we had been
married when you said 'damn the Sunday
Mail," you would ,v«»ry likely have flung
the boathook at me."
"Zella!" he exclaimed, with a sigh that
went to her heart.
dally as it mignt not maxe any cuaerenco
whether you were rich or not."
"You don't love me, Zella," he said, with
a sigh. ; . ¦
"How do you know?" she replied.
"Because you are so Impatient with me
when I want to talk to you of my love
for you, and urge you to promise that you
will be my wife." : ¦ ¦ • ' ' '
His words thrilled her, but she repressed
any exhibition of real feelings.
"Why, we have only known each other
some forty days or so, and you may have
a past, as the Sunday novelists talk so
much about, and I may. have a past. And
then according to the 'society novelists,
let alone the dime story tellers, It Is awfuj
when tw/> people are married to find they
have each had a past the other knows
nothing of;" . . •
14
IN MALE ATTIRE$8500 Collie. Ov/ned by J. Pierpoot Morgan of Highland Falls.
Chinese Sleeve Dog, Owrjed by Dr. Masoero of This City,
shepherds cross the collie every, few gen
erations with other Dreeds. ! This produces
a dog with much more bone and chest,
and without the perfect beauty of the col
lie as we know him. Black and white are
•the predominating colors of the working
collie. The head Is shorter and the face
is blunt as compared with the fine fox
like mask of the show dog.
Size and bone have been a predominant
feature of the collies that have been ex
hibited recently in the United States. But
. In England there is a fad Just now for
dwarf collies, and delightful little crea
tures they are. They have all the typical
collie points. Indeed, It is demanded that
they be pluperfect. They must be fully
as fine In coat and their shape and limb
must, be exactly as good as they are In
large collies, but they are not' much
larger than a spaniel. Dwarf collies may 1
turn out to.be a fad even more expensive
than the ordinary dog. for if it Is hard to
breed a perfect large collie it is still more
difficult to breed a perfect - dwarf . Few
have been seen as yet on this side, but it
Is said that there will be an Importation
In time for the next dog show. One was
bred in New Jersey and now Is owned In
Brooklyn, which is said to be a perfect
type.
She is a blue-blooded little collie, for
she. has Sefton Hero, Rufford Ormond.
Duncan Gray, Rose Hill Certainty, Lady
Christopher, Ormskirk Dolly, Champion
Seotilla Bertha and Bcndico in her pedi
gree. She Illustrates in a marked manner
the uncertainty which attends collie
breeding. Almost all i;er line were large
dogs. None was unusually small.
The standard of excellence In Judging
collies now is as follows: The dog must
be a lithe, active dog ot elegant and pleas
ing outline, with a combination of speed,
strength and intelligence. The head
should be moderately long, covered with
soft; short hair, skull flat and with very
little stop, eyes almond-shaped, of fair
size, but not prominent, placed rather
wido apart, anil the barker brown in color
the better. The ears should be small,
covered with soft, short hair, and carried
sreml-erect when at attention, but at
other times tjirown back. The neck
should be long: arched and muscular; th2
«:hest deep and narrow in front, but wide
behind the shoulders, and the back short
and level with the loir.s, rather long,
slightly arched, yet powerful. The legs
should .be straight, muscular, rather flat
of bon^, hind, quarters slightly drooping
and very long from hips to hock and
hocks well bent, the pasterns long and
springy,'- with the soles of the feet well
padded and the toes arched and compact.
The tail, to be carried low when the dog
Is quiet, of moderate length, and when he
Is excited to be carried gayly, ar.d almost
straight when he is running.
The coat as required should be abund
ant,'excent on head and lees; the outer
coat straight, hard and rather stiff; tho
Inner coat soft, furry and very dense, so
as to make it difficult lo find the skin: the
frill (a mass of;halr on the breast) very
abundant; hair, on the tall very profuse
and on the hips long'and bushy; forelegs
slightly feathered, while the hind lei?8
below the hocks are smooth. Weight of
dogs, forty-five to sixty pounds; bitches,
forty to fifty pounds. ¦
The defects most to be avoided axe a
domed skull; high-peaked occipital
bone; heavy, pendulous ears; full, round
eyes; heavy feathered legs and short tall.
As an example of a" collie head, that of
J. Pierpont Morgan's Ormskirk Galopln
may be cited. His head is lV.i Inches
long/ very fine and tapering In the muz
zle, and Is considered typical. .
The collie, as he has become known Jn
the United States, is a dog far different
from his progenitor, the working sheep
dog of Scotland and the north of Eng
land. He has been bred too "fine" for
many generations i to i withstand the
weather and the hard work which are the
lot of the shepherd's dog. Exposure like
that ; to I which the working collie is sub
jected night after night and day after day
would carry the pure bred type oft with
pneumonia In twenty-four hours. In order,
to maintain ruggedness In their dogs the
It is not likely that the Scotch collie
ever will become a cheap dog. Few dogs
are so difficult to breed. Litter after lit
ter from even the best obtainable strains
have an exasperating tendency to turn
out worthless from ' a fancier's
point of view. The pups are de
ficient either in bone or coat or
their ears Insist oa pricking in
stead of being semi-erect. This point
about the ear -is on,e of the most difficult
to overcome. Some of the best dogs
shown in recent years have had the prick
ear to such an extent that it was found
necessary to doctor them by slitting the
Bkin inside of the ear and stitching it
down to hold the ear as it should be Vet
erinary surgeons are being called on per
petually to perform this operation. A col
lie that Is deficient in bone generally Is
hopeless. Sometimes careful feeding while
he still is very young will help him but
generally such a dog remains undersized.
This uncertainty about breeding makes
blood that will tell like the Ormskirk
blood particularly valuable. It made Ruf
ford Ormond worth $1000 a year to his
original English owner as a stud dog.
The fashionable color now Is sable and
white. Apart from fashion, there Is no
question about its being the most striking
and beautiful color for a collie. Hand
some as the blacR and white or the trl
colored dogs are. there is something about
the sable and white that makea the dog
look absolutely regal. . Almost all of the
better dogs in the Cragston kennels are
of this color, nnd It predominate so
much generally nowadays that last year's
shojv in: New York was made up almost
exclusively of Coks with this marking
The word "sable", when applied to th3
collie's markings docs not mean black. It
means red. And the nearer the sable of
a collie's coat approaches the color of the
fox the better is the' breeder pleased. A
fine dog with perfect coat of this color,
with . his wolf-like face and lithe move
ments, certainly looks more like some su
perb wild creature of the highest type
'than' lllce a domesticated dog.
It is this "wild beast" feature of the
collie which has Instilled Into many minds
the Idea that the dog is snappish and
treacherous and dangerous. Nothing can
be further from the truth, however, and
if one will study the beautiful, ,doep und
truthful eyes of the breed he will havo
no reason for adhering to any unfavorable
opinion. When a collie's temper is bad
he is about as bad a dog as can be. The
only safe thing: to do with such a speci
men is to give him away at once to one's
enemy. But there is hardly one thorough
bred collie in five hundred that is any
thing except lovable from the top of his
honest head to the tip of his glorious
brush. ¦ ¦ ' ' ; :¦'¦¦-, . •
breeds* easily. He Is as stately and proud
as a king. Few other breeds equaland
none excel the collie in Intelligence He
is as gentle as a child and as affectionate
as a tine type of human being. He is
large enough to satisfy any one except
the man who loves dogs for the sake of
size alone. .' *>
THOUGH -the Dowager Empress be
head every servant of the Empire,
she can never regain her sleeve dog.
By right of possession it belongs
to Dr. Masoero and he will give it up with
his life. It doesn't seem so much of a
thing for a San Francisco man and a Chi
nese Empress to fight over. But after all
a dog makes just as good a bone of con
tention as a kingdom when two people
'want It violently.
Meanwhile the sleeve dog toddles about
Dr. Masoero 1 s > house and plays with cher
ry colored ribbons— they must be cherry
colored and of satin to suit her fastid
iousness. She is quite happy In doing
so and in running to answer the tele
phone- and In pleasig her epicurean palate
with tish and rice. She doesn't know that
she caused a roan to run away with hi3
head before it could be served to «tho
Empress, and that she caused a storm of
wrath in the royal palace such as only
a -trust of nations can taual.
Tne story runs in this wise:
Two years ago a tiny black do? wa3
stolen from tne royal palace of Peking.
She made no squealing about the mai
ter, for she never had oetn used to ex
pressing much emotion, or to feeling
much, tor the matter of that. The ser
vant who stole her hid her away in a flow
ing sleeve, as she had all her life been
hladen, and sneaked off ¦with her so quiet
ly that she never knew she was stolen.
The disturbance was all on the part of
the servant, and it was not without foun
dation. What he had done was to steal
a sleeve dbg from the palace — a sleeve
dog whos«j ancestors have dwelt therein
from time 'immemorial and who would no
more have thought of putting a nose out
side its doors than the sacred dragon
-would think of rising from Its ancient
burial place. Traditions would be smash
ed if a dog of this breed should get away
from the royal household. Once, on the
occasion of the Queen's Jubilee. Tsl Hsi,
An made a wonderful exception to her
time-honored rule and sent the other great
queen a present of two sleeve dogs, on©
cf which died on Its journey. The other
arrived at Windsor and learned In time
to cling to Victoria's plump arm as It
had to the slender arms of the Chinese
ladles, although the stretch was at first
too much for Its little forelegs.
It was the only sleeve dog outside Pe
king's Imperial palace until the rash ser
vant stole Toodie.
For years and years this race of silky
black animals has lived there and been
petted by the tllt-eycd beauties of the
palace. The dogs are no bigger than kit
tens and it Is an easy matter for them«
to lie inside a flowing sleeve. In this
position they spend the most part of their,-
She will live out her little life — It weighs
only a pound and a half and measures
only nine Inches— on this side of the sea.
and the chances are that the Empress
will never know where she is. unless she
reads our newspapers over the morning
tea. But If she knew the complications
arising, might be Interesting— yes. Inter
esting. Whether Toodie would cause in
ternational wax might be worth consider
ing.
When Toodie took uj> her abode her*
and found that she was to be no longer
carried on an arm she made an attempt
to stand on her own feet and in the end
succeeded. Her forelegs still bow outward
and cause her to tip forward, but she caa
run several yards before falling in a heap.
She has learned to like milk, too, and this
liking is the sign of a final estrangement
from the life of royalty.
••And you wish ?"
"To be rid of the dog. You will buy
her?"
She was bought for a song and brought
to San Francisco.
amiable little lives, lying atop an arm
with forelegs that curve to the need
clasped about it. •
They walk so little that hair grows four
Inches upon their feet, and they stagger
helplessly when put upon the floor. They
are no more fit to join the world of dog3
and men than are the little-foot women
whose gait they copy.
"I beg to sp^ak io you in private," said
the servant who stole Toodie. He beck
oned slyly and Dr. Masoero's friend fol
lowed him.
"See what I have," he whispered, draw
ing forth Toodie.
"How did you get her?"
"I stole her. I am terrified."
"At the stab of conscience or at tha
thought of penalty?"
"A conscience may be pacified, but tha
Empress! Her penalty is torture and
death."
BY paying SSSOO for Southport Perfec
tion, the grand collie dog from the
famous Stretch kennels in Kneland.
J. Picrpont Morgan has established
the record price for a dcg. The next high
est price (paid for a champion St. Ber
r.sr<a a few years ago) was $1500 less than
this sum.
Boothport Perfection is an Ormskirk
collie. Mr. Morgan and his kennel man
aper. Bob Armstror.e, pin their faith on
this grand strain, with much good reason,
for most of the champions of the past
few years are almost straight Ormskirk
blood. One need mention merely such
names as Ornfkirk Connie and Ormskirk
Oalopin. owned by Mr. Morgan: Orznskirk
Emerald, owned till recently by A. H.
Uegson of England; Roy, owned by
Queen Victoria; Sbwerby Squire and
Ormsklrk Corajshnian. still owned by Mr.
Btretchr-to realize how powerful and re
liiibl- rtiis blood is.
Until the arrival of Southport Perfec
tion the star of J. Plerpont Morgan's
Oragston kenneis. in his beautiful place
in Highland Falls, was Ornament, nota
ble for liia size as well as for the beauty
of his coat. Before htm there reigned
Sefton Hero and Ruftord Ormond. both
dogs v.hich. all thirps considered, proba
bly were in tkrir day <and not so long
ago, f-lth^r* as beautiful collies as there
were in the world. Sefton Hero la out of
Gladdie and Lady Wonder, and Rufford
Ormond is -out of Ormsklrk Chriss and
Lady Margaret.
No other dog in the world to-day com
bines so many fine points as does the col
lie. In mere beauty he. leads all other
Chest, normal . 36 1-2 43
Chest, inflated . 38 1-2 45 1-2
Biceps 12 1-2 -15 1-2
Forearm ... .11 13
Waist ..... 30 ,( ,32
Thigh .... .21 23 1-2
Calf 14 1-4 15
Neck ....... 15 15 3-4
1896. 1900.
fohat four ifears of Jys
temalic Sxercise pld
for Mr. Carver. .
. that you need the
-- ¦ exercise. ' A catch in
the back will also r»q noticea-,
ble at first. This is due to- the fact
that the natural position of the Intestines,
which are thus displaced, is. pendant. In
doing this exercise great care should be
taken not. to be too ambitious, for it in
volves a strain, and one different from
custom. But a year of faithful applica
tion ' will so strengthen the abdominal
muscles that one need never fear a rup
ture. And inversely, a ruptured man may
be greatly benefited if he takes it up grad
ually. ¦ • - ¦ - t . . •
The last- and hardest thine to develop
and strengthen is 'the leg. This is best
done by taking the original position and
betiding at the knees, with the weight on
the toes. This is excellent for both calf
and thigh. After a few days use the bells.
Hopping is also a good exercise for the ,
leg. Bend the knee as you hop and sink
well down on the ball of your foot. The
quickest way to develop the calf is to rise
on the toes of one foot with the other
held In the hand. To develop the front
of the calf rise on the heel. The calf, as a
rule, is neglected and does not receive the
proper blood supply, which should go with
increasing development.
Be sure to have fresh air In the room all
(latls-
Plmus dor
si) is to face
the machine, take
both handles in one. and
swing the arm downward to
the body. All these exercises should
be taken with full arm movement. In this
way you will not become muscle bound;
or. more properly speaking, "ligament
Another thing to remember is not to let
the body keep timo with the movements,
lor that takes away most of the good re
sults. Y.'hen you art? localizing a certain
exercise you do not want to spoil the ef
fect by letting other muscles be under a
strain. Be Fure to avoid jerky or sudden
motion?. Keep the rnind on the work ami
put the will into it.
The next thing that needs attention is
the abdomen. If the bejdnner has ever
taken any stomaoli oxenise other than
eating three good meals a day the best
thine for him to do la to lie down on the
floor and raise hi* feet off the ground
with his hands out straight and under
him. After this becomes easy put the
feet under the bed or couch, so that they
will not "fly up." and with the arms at
the sides, raise the body slowly. Be sure
to come well forward. Do the same thine
with the arms folded on the chest. Then
clasp them back of the neck. Do not use
weight* until it becomes easy and there is
lungs before
taking the deep
breath. After ex
ercising it is best
to take a shower or
sponge bath. 'Cold
r water should not be
used, for a sudden chill
is harmful. Let the wat
er be a trifle cooler than the
temperature of the room and
douse it on as quickly as possi
ble. Then rub down, with a heavy
towel, and you will feelJlke a king.
• If a daily bath is taken the skin will be
improved wonderfully and will become as
soft .is the proverbial satin. '
In eating be moderate. It you want to
reduce weight shun vegetables and.
sweets. If you are thin, eat them. Do
not be afraid of milk and eegs, for '.X
you are careful of your diet your stomach
up and down. •
This strength
ens the chest
al?f>. !n » u - "• •*
position, with the
kllUck.es .-,.. . . .. .V
the hands up as nich
as possible and towatd
itt* nriiiiit: r hen just
touch this and straighten
then out in jiont. Let them
bii<.-k the snme way. This Is excel-
: er.t fcr ihe shoulders. Then with the
Eide to the machine, gra.«p a handle with
the opposite hand, having the arm oe
nind. and stra'ghten it out. Do thi- with
the knuckles up and down. Then change
sides. T he wnist musiMes are dovel
oned by still keeping the s!de to the ma
chine and with a. handle helc.at arms
length above the head, bending away
One of the commonest of cacti in gar
dens is the echinopsls multiplex, a small
sub-globular species, with five or six
sharp ribs, and sparsely sprinkled with a
few clusters of long black spinea on the
sharp edges cf the ribs. It sends up occa
sionally a large White tubular flower,
which, like so many of the family, opens
at night and soon withers away. In Ger
many a druggist. I.udwig Rust, placed a
specimen under a sealed glass case seven
years ago. and it is said to be yet in a
"thriving condition." to the surprise of
the scientific men of Berlin, who are puz
zled to know where it obtains its carbonic
acid. Meehan's Mcnthy says that many
suggestions are advanced as to the source
of this element. So far as the published
account goes, however, there is no indi
cation that the specimen was weighed be
fore it was encased, or weighed after its
seven years of entombment— no evidence.
It maybe said, that any carbonic acid was
absorbed. It is lust as likely to be a case
of dormancy. It is now well understood
that in the absence of exciting causes
dormancy in vegetation may be retained,
Indefinitely.
If he could do it. any one can. All it
takes is perseverance. Do not let a day
pass. without taking some exercise, if onlv
for ten minutes. Any time will do as lon-j
as you have a regular period every day.
Do not exercise inside of an hour and a
half after meal.*, and rest a half-hour be
fore eating. If you arq faithful and per
«everlns? you will five yourself hoa'.th.
'.Strength, vitality and a vigorous old asc.
To live a hundred years Is not such an
Idle dream as people imagine.
will be in- good condition and they can
not hurt you. It is an old-fashion.}J
Idea that they cause biliousness. Tha-;
comes, not by the food of nature, but by
the food of pampered taste. Rich food*
of all descriptions should be shunned.
Tea and coffee should also be tabooed.
They are merely stimulants and as sucn
should be avoided. As for smokine and
drinking, they -don't ro." You cannot
burn your candle at both ends.
It is well to keep out of door3 and g»t
plenty of good, fresh air. In this wav you
will pick up a hearty appetite. To eat
well, sleep well and keep contented and
happy is the whole secret of training.
This word "training" does not mean
preparation for a prize fight or football
game. It merely means correct living,
and this will srive you better strength anil
a ripe old age. It is not at all sensible
for the pleasure lover to point to some
old reprobate who lived to be 102 and whi>
never respected a siefffe law of nature.
He was only n m.-»n with n. remarkab"*
constitution, who should have lived to be
132, but who ¦worked his system "over
time" and had to pay the penalty.
That exercise and correct livinj: will
work wonders, greater than any medicine
can accomplish, is shown by the example
of a man well known to the writer. H«
was a "pale consumptive." When he wa.i
IS years old he wewrhed 120 ptnxnds, arul
the doctors told him he wouitl have tr>
take exeretse and reprular training If hr
ever expected to reach his majority. H>»
started work in a gymnasium near hi3
home and went through exercises similar
to those described above. Uvery evening
saw him in the gymnasium from 7:30 to !>.
and In bed at 10. After a f«w months h-a
took up boxing and handball, and worked
faithfully, keeping in regular training.
"When he was 23 he weighed VSl pounds.
a gain of sixty-four poonOg in five years,
and was one of the strongest men and
best boxers In the country.
the time. Do not be afraid to leave the
even if damp, is better than the foul air
even If damp, is beter than the foul air
taken into the lungs when the room is
shut up. "When exercise is taken you
should be as thinly cljul as possible.
As a supplement to these indoor exer
cises, walking is first class. As you walk
arch the chest, draw in the abdoniou
slightly and throw the chin In and back.
Tni3 is an excellent way to obtain a
correct carriage and Is better than
al! the neck exercises in the
gymnasium. But be careful
not to overdo the thingr and
hollow the back. Take
longr. deep breaths and
hold them for a few
seconds. At first
count three, th*>n
increase gradually
to eisht. Bo sure
kto have all the
r air out of the
no ihaking or "shivering." The value
of this exercise Is obtained
from doing It slowly.
If It "bites" you
In the abdo
men do
not be-
for the chest muscles / .
(pectorals) and
tno muscles
under thu
arms ,
b^ck and abdomen. TVIth the arms
straight out. draw each to Its proper side,
keeping them level with the shoulders.
In the fame way raise them above the
hea.l. This Is excellent for the upper
baok.
Aft»-r finishing th»«e exercises facing
Ihe machine, stand with the back to It,
the fort tnsetiitr and the hands back.
holding th« handles. With the knuckles
ilown and tJie arms stiff, draw the
erms forward as far as possible.
Repeat with the knuckles up.
This Is for the shoulder mus
,-|os trtfltold). Raise the
arms sideway* to the
level of the Fhouldors
and britiK them for
ward. This strength
ma the upper chost.
Then fcrlnp tho
Btral B I", t arms
over bead, wltu
;:;<; knuckks >
Go through thcs.r exercises for a few
days and then u« the bclis. but be care
ful not to work too hard at first. I>o .iust
enough of each to tire you, and the best
way is to count and increase t& few times
?ach day. As you begin with the bells
taite up the chest weights at the same
time. You ran put them right up in your
rocm. Ftrct, with one pound on each side
of the machine, face it with the feet to
retber end the body straight. With a
handle in each hand, the knuckles up an 1
arms straight out in front, draw the lat
ter tack, bay ten times. Then do the
came thins with the knuckles down. Thi*.
strengthens the back of the upper arms
(.tricersi and the muscles under the arms
Clatisslmns dorsi). With the feet apart
and the knees stiff, with straight arms
above the h^ad. herd from the waist for
ward; then up ana back. This helps both
In ''.:» :irs: pkiie cuy a pair of five
pourid dumbbe!!s ar.d u chest maehino
w:th movable xvelsljis. If you have
Bcvc: taken « xer.-ist and this :s your
ir..i.o^n <?ffort. r-> through the following
without wclffbte:
T*kt !h c buldier'i position, but be care
ft.: r.v.t -i I.uiljw Sack. KVlth elbows at
Use j;t>f. alternately r:ex the arms. This
is for Uic •>• ••I-; ••»•. ltal«« the arms above
Ibc !.. _ : ..; the Bides ai:d front. This
he:)>s Lite bhoUldem and upper back.
Will) :.'.e ara.- above the head and the
Jot". Bltgbtly apart, be&d forward from
the W'ij.-t. <-.>«-pinK 'he knees stiff. 'Phis *s
lor the lower ba«.-l; a:ii beips you in iif;
lr.k". IViJi :.;•' teet toother, do the sama
thins Blrteways, bendinfi first to one sid.\
Tlior. to lie other. This strengthens the
•*\.= ;>- muscie& With Lhe .icms banging
loosely a? :he KicV 1 *. i-'ose the hands and
bend the lisis in and out. This helps the
x'orearm. The best wjy to improve the
pr:;i ;j :<.•¦ rr:imp;t? a piece of paper !nto is
Tight a wad as jxissilvie. Another way
is to grip ccrks. To r.tlp the legs take
the original position, raise on the tooj
and bend at the knees.
When 1 f.r.^t entered Yale in 1E96 I was
a taK, undeveloped fellow with a flat
chest. As I locked aiour.d on so many
¦thletea I began to reel ashamed of my
feif and started In to excrris-e. That
year I did not accotsplisb much, but tha
next was one ci" cnlishtennirr.t. ami I
found myself with clearer knnwledgf ar.d
bet'rr ir.usi-le. From that day to the
present I have kept tinprovtng. The plan
I ivo.koJ on. ar.d which is one that any
one caa tuke up. is a.< follows:
TLJj" OV7 to live to be 109 ypa rs oj<! and
r! l-.ccp strong and healthy is th«l
Ji question of the hour. * In these
flara of raj.'d thought and action
n buf-:r.ess. too little intention is paid to
the r^ysjqup. Few realize that it is pos-
Ible for even the weak to be healthy and
preserve a vigorous mauhood. All
:;.;r.gs are prescribed by rale to «:i*ure a
F:«ndard of perfection, or nearly so.
-»n;ure requires four seasons to produce
the full complement cf vegetation. So
must man div:Je his lime into equal
parts to insure -lvlnJT l^rr^a'.f the stronp.
healthy eor.diticri v.hlcli rr.ear.s Ions life
a-'id happiness. He must cat. sle^p. work
and exorcise. The ordinary rnan does the
lirst and socor.d naturally, the third un
der comjMxlston, ar.d ;he fourth, never.
Hut what it DatUM should leave out a
it ; 6 no wonder that doctors
flourish and the. graveyards increase. If
xve were net so lazy we could create a.
new race.
THE SUNDAY CALL..
15
COLLIE DOG
WORTH $8500
ATHLETICS FOR HEALTH AND LONG LIFE
THE CHINESE
SLEEVE DOGabove quoted be fairly correct. the loss of
life, was not more than one-third as great
as , during . the $ recent ' hurricane at Gal- ;
veston, whose terrors may. be said to have
fairly equaled those of this ancient ca-
the town, towarfl Vesuvius and tacrnr tne
sea., ¦• . .,-t V-s; .. . •
Small earthquakes were frequent, but
not much was thought of them. On Feb
ruary 6, in the year 63, A. D., there came
a tremendous shock, which was a warn
ing of what was to follow. It threw down
a large part - of . the city. Including the
beautiful temples of Jupiter, Apollo and
Isls, but most of the damage was repaired
by the time of the great catastrophe.
The eruption which was destined to be
eo memorable began early In the morning
of February 24, 79 A. D... Spectators, look
ing from a great dlBtance, saw a mighty
cloud spread and overhang the city like
a vast and ominous umbrella. -There wjis
still, plenty of time to get away in safety,
and doubtless a majority of the people did
escape before thfc Impending volcanic
storm began, j Judging from the number
of skeletons thus far discovered, it seems
probable that not more .than 'about 2000
persons actually, perished.. However, a
great many who attempted tb leave In
boats may have lost tfielr lives.
The pumice fell in Pompeii until the
streets of the city were covered eight to
ten feet deep, with it. . Its weight broke in
the roofs of many of the. houses, and .the
destruction' of -lives must have been
frightful. Nevertheless, many of the peo
ple still survived, seeking refuge in cellars
and other such ' places of • retreat. They
must have imagined that there was still
hope when early in the morning of the
next day (February 25) there came a great
shock, and ashes began falling In a con
tinuous shower with the rain. Though day
had arrived, it grew darker than ever, if
possible, a cloud of frightful blackness
settling- down, over the land, while the
lightning and thunder ,were appalling.
Shock followed" shock, and the survivors
must have at length concluded' that their
last hour was at hand. Such was in truth
the case. The storm of ashes lasted
nearly all day long; they drifted In
through the windows of the houses and
suffocated : all who remained alive. They
covered ¦ the whole city, with \ a sheet of
death six or seven feet ', thick.
Thus was completed the destruction of
Pompeii. If the estimate of fatalities
(
those of children. One woman wore three
necklaces and several gold and silver
rings. These people were suffocated by
ashes which came through' the' windows.
In other parts of the same house were
discovered fourteen skeletons of men; also
the bones of a dog and a goat.
The bodies of the people who perished In
the cellar were covered with moist ashes,
which, as they hardened, preserve* the
shapes. In this manner perfect* molds
were made of the forms of many Individ
uals dug out in various places, and. by
the simple process of flliinf: them ¦ with
moist plaster of paris, admirable casts
were obtained, showing what the persona
looked like in life, and even how they
we're dressed. Quite a number of sucn
melancholy effigies, representing, both
men\ and women, are preserved in the
museum at Pompeii.
Pompeii is believed to have had "rather
more than twenty thousand inhabitants.
The city stood on an elevation ove/lookinjj
the sea.'-the whole of the Bay of Naples
being In % view, while in the background
loomed grim" Vesuvius, the destined de
stroyer. Close by flowed th(5 RivefSanro,
which watf^crossed by a bridge. The vol
cano was supposed to be extinct, and its
side*, were Cultivated all the way up to
the summit.* Crapes" were* largely' grown,
and wine m;Aing was an important iu
dufc%y f in the; neighborhood, which like
wise produced -^cabbages famous for their
excellence. . \ ¦¦ j '
It wasUhe citj' of the clan of the Pom
peys, founded by the Oscans. an ancient
Italian tribe, in the, sixth century. B. C,
or earlier? ( afterward conquered by the
Samites, a rival tribe, and eventually ab
sorbed by "unlghty, Rome. The culture
of th« peopl^ was very Greek: they5wor
shiped various Greek gods and used the
Greek names -for their weights and meas
ures. Being so beautifully situated and
having a delightful climate, Pompeii waa
a favorite resort \ of » wealthy Romans,
" many of - whom^had villas there. Cicero
had a handsome, "cottage." as it would
now be called, and thes^ imperial , family
maintained a palace clos'e, by. The villas
were mostly on the high ground back of
wholly dlsappared under the stream . of
mud, sixty-five feet deep In spots, which
had flowed over It. This mud, being a
sort of natural concrete, soon hardened
Into stone, which is to-day of such solid
ity as to make excavating work extremely
difficult. -' : " . • '
\ Excavations were first attempted at
Herculaneum In 1719, at which data tha
elte of ancient Pompeii, afterward dis
covered through accident, was actually
unknown. Though a relatively small part
of the latter city has been disclosed, by
digging, much that Is of. the utmost Inter
est has been ascertained. The fullest ac
count of the subject Is gjven in the. newly
published work of August Mau. to which
the writer is Indebted • for " much of , his
material. Dr. Mau states that the Em
peror Titus proposed to rebuild the town,
using for that purpose money left ' by
wealthy victims of the disaster who had
no heirs surviving. Probably, however.
It was decided that the task was too
formidable, for it was never undertaken.
Dr. Mau says that the streets of old
Pompeii were mostly from ten to twenty
feet wide, the broadest ; being Mercury
street, which was thirty - two feet in
breadth. All -were paved with blocks of
basalt, carefully fitted, together. On both
sides of every street were raised side
walks, neatly- curbed, and paved some
times with small stones and in other cases
with beaten earth. Broad ruts worn by.
wheels are still visible, and at the cross-
Ings are. stepping stones on a level with
the sidewalks, between which the wheels
could pass. The two main thoroughfares i
and business avenues, were Stablan -and
Nola streets. Driving for pleasure was
probably prohibited, the rich riding in lit
ters, because on most of the streets one
vehicle could pass another, and
must, therefore, have been obliged to wait
at a corner.
At many of the corners were fountains
fed by city water, and the edges of tha
stone basins show" depressions worn by
the hands of those who leaned over to
drink. On the sides of the streets were
pillars of masonry at intervals, with lead
pipes running "up>- There was "a'reservolr
on top of each pillar, from which water
XCAVATIOXS at Pompeu on an
j — 3 unprecedented scale - are contem
|l _y plated by the Italian Government,
and it Is expected that within
the next few . years the entire city, of
which only a small' fraction is as . ye',
uncovered. v.-Sll be resurrected from the
volcanic pumice and ashes that overlie' it.
Recently a fresh part of the ancient town
has been disclosed by spade and pickax,
comprising many houses or a beauty hith
erto unequaled, and this discovery has
lent fresh stimulus to the spirit of zi
search.
The architectural and artistic treasures
thus unearthed are being enclosed in
plate glass, so as to protect tjiem against
depredation by vandals, while exposing
them to view. Meanwhile, nothing is
given away or sold to any one— not even
to foreign institutions of science— because
Pompeii is a unique show place, and it
is deemed proper that peopls who want tc
see its wonders shall come to Italy for
that purpose. The Naples -Museum has
thousands on thousands of cooking uten
sils derived from the kitchens of the
buried burg, but it will not dispose of a
single pot or pan. Of gold and silver sur
prisingly little has been found.
The most remarkable "find" of treasure
made In Pompeii up to date was in an an
cient farmhouse, two miles north of the
city, which was excavated a few years
ago. In a room where had been a wine
press there was a big vat, in which was
discovered the Fkeleton of a man, to
gether with more than 1000 gold coins, hall
a dozen heavy gold bracelets, a long gold
chain and an exquisite table service of
silver. There can be no doubt that the
remains were those of an unfortunate
gentleman who. flying from the ill-fated
town In the midst of the hailstorm ,ol
pumice, was obliged to seek refuge in the
farmhouse, and considered that the empty
wine vat offered the. safest place for him
self and his valuables. The silver service
was acquired by Baron Rothschild, who
presented it to the Louvre.
At the landing- place of the harbor, near
the city, many skeletons and quantities of
gold jewelry have beeii found, indicating
that numerous persons were cut off" in
trying- to escape in boats. Even, vessels of
considerable sire must have been quickly
Tilled and sunk by the rain of volcanic"
stuff, ar.d thus this avenue of flight was
barred.
Other member* of the family evidently
Bought safety in the cellar, where eigh
teen skeletons were found, some of tntm
One of the finest mansions thus far ex
cavated is known as the Villa of Dio
medes. having belonged, apparently, to a
gentleman of that name. In the rear was
a garden planted with trees, charred re
mains of which are found, and with a
:tsh pond in ihe middle. ¦ Two skeletons
were discovered near the door of the gar
den, representing, apparently, a slave and
his mat-it ». the latter having a Iar«i- key
In one hand and a bag of gold and silver
nieces in the other. Doubtless, they were
trying to make their way out when they
were overwhelmed, the key being that of
the door which opened out of the garden
Into the fields beyond.--*"," . s
was distributed by pipes to the houses, all
of which were supplied with running
water except those cf the very poor.
Some dwellings had nearly a score of
Jots, controlled by stopcocks much lika
those in use to-day. Just where the water
came from nobody knows, though it was
evident y brought by an aqueduct from
some elevated place at a distance from
tne city, the head being powerful. Rain,
water was allowed to now down tha
streets, to be carried off by storm sewers,
which work well even at the present time,
borne of the houses at least were drained
by small sewers.
The houses were rarely more than two
stories in height, their windows were few
and small and they looked not unliko
Oriental nouses of to-day. In the casa
of a nch man's dwelling most of tha
house was taken up by courts, colonnades
and gardens, the sleeping rooms being ar
ranged along the sides usually, while the.
kitchen was put anywhere that might
happen to be convenient. Entering, tha
Jlsitor passed through a vestibule into a
n^.? e - ob \°, n f apartment, called tha
?iT w }* ic 'l was tn<s Principal room.
Immediately beyond the atrium were a
reception room corresponding; to the mod
ern parlor, called the tablinum. Next
beyond was the peristyle, or family alt
ting room, and In the rear was usually
a garden. Not so much Is known about
the purposes to which the second story
rooms were put.
In the kitchen the- plaq© of tha modern
range was taken by a broad .hearth ot
masonry built against the wall. The flra
was made on top of this hearth, and fuel
was stored In a cavity beneath it. Small
iron tripods, or else projections of ma
sonry were utilized for holding tha pots
and other utensils while the cooking was
being done. Sometimes there was a
small oven for pastry but bread was
bought from the baker. The heat from
the kitchen warmed the bathrooms above.
The Poaipelian house did not often hav»
a cellar. Some of the windows had small
panes of, glass set in them, but movabla
¦sashes were as yet unknown. The front
portions of houses on the main thorough
fares were used as shops.- which had their
fronts open to the street, so that cus
tomers could buy without going Inside.
The. function of the modern saloon was
performed by wine shops.
Most of the furniture of the Pompeliaa
houses was of wood, including beds,
couches, chairs and tables, but. being of
such perishable material, it has disap
peared. A few bronze chairs and table*
of bronze and marble have been lound.
ivltchen utensils of bronze and red earth
enware have been dug up in quantities,
their forms strikingly resembling thosa
of the modern household.
Pastry molds, ladles and water-heat
ers. In which live ; coals were put. were
among 'the conveniences utilized by tha
ancient, inhabitants, as well as curious
spoons with a bowl at one end for eating
eggs and' a -point at the other end for
picking: shellfish from the shells. Combs,
hairpins- and mirrors of highly polished
metal are numerous, -while much of tha
jewelry Is most artistic in design— so
much so. In fact, that modern Jewelers
have copied the patterns.
The business center of old Pompeii' was
the Forum, which was the market place
and favorite lounging- place of the town.
It was surrounded by buildings the finest
of which was the temple of Jupiter, and
was adorned' with many equestrian
statues. There was an amphitheater for
gladiatorial cqmbats. as well as two thea
ters for plays. In which painted scenery
much like the modern was used. The
baths were superb, serving the purpose
of clubs, and some of them afforded ac
commodations for both men and woman.
THE SUNDAY CAL.Ii.
tastrophe. though so different In kind.
/When It was all over, the roofs of, many
of the" houses still emerged above tha
volcanic debris which / had . overwhelmed
the city. Herculaneum, however,- had'
16
THE
DISINTERMENT
OF POMPEIIJohi) Cverton of Long Beach, California, 103 Years Old.
j with injuries that It Is thought will -pro\
faial. On the. same day a young". woman
fell in the Schneeberg ind broke her right
.foot. %
In the same week n carpenter name<5
Wessak* from Eerlln. climbed 6000 feet to
the peak of the Hoefaet Mountain, near
Oberstdorf. In the Tyrol. Having accom
plished the feat successfully he wished vo
take a souvenir of the achievement with
him. .He climbed out to the edge of the
wall, whore It descend* sheer for 2W0 feet,
and leaned over to pick' a sprig of edel
weiss, the beautiful -and rare plant that
grows only in the most inaccessible places .
of the highest Alps.. The earth on which
he had .braced'. hl4 knees crumbled,
away and he • dropped like a plummet.
Days passed before his body could be re
covered, ', A Hungarian woman j named .
Dembska and her brother. . essayed to
climb .the ..famous. Hojie Tatra— the High
Tatra— which' rises iiWo than 5000 feet
above the. sea level. Despite, the warn
ings of all they declined to hire guide;;. •
When they climbed about half .way up
the mountain- a heavy fog rqlled down
on. them from the top,, Within a few mo
ments they were hopelessly lost. , Instead
of 'sitting .down .at onct and waiting for
the fog to lift they incd to, retrace* their
way. , Suddenly , ¦*. the .brother- .heard a
shriek from the woman*, who hadTpreced
ed' him. He stepped forward quickly ta
aid her.'. But. his foot touched only empti
ness and he followed rer.down. one of the
worst chasms in' the mountain.- Both lay
'for' hours where they had fallen. At last
the . man recovered consciousness. Fail
ing to elicit any sign of life . from the
woman he made, up his mind that shi
was dead and thereupon he '¦- began to
crawl in the direction in which he hoped
to find. help. .After many hours 6f agony
he managed to", reach, one of .the many
houses of refuge. A party set out at once
to get. "tWe: woman's body. They, found '<
her terribly hurt, bu; alive,, and carried
her to the village. .The surgeons hardly
expect -. that she can .'recover, . however.
The maV will 'escape with his life.; . , .;
Late last month an official Alpine guido
escorted a party up the Dent Blanche, tho
great mountain in the southern part of
AN AMERICAN BUILT CRUISER THAT IS
FASTER THAN THE LINERS.
Valals. It is 14,318 feet high, and hun
dreds-of Alpine orankj feel that they can
not'be : happy 'until they climb it. In this
caj>e the party had un accident In : the
worst stage of the Journey. Two of the
men slipped and, om:e started, slid like
lightning toward the brink of a deep fis
sure in the glacier. The guide rushed
down to them and throw himself in from
of them. This checked their descent, but'
he went over and was killed. .
Near Boscn, in the^Tyrol, a tailor from
Grles lost his way in the mountains, and.
making a misstep in the darkness, fell .
into the. dry bed of a .mountain 'stream,
where ihls body was found many days
afterward.' 'Judge Reming of Berlin, who >
had been reported as missing, : was found
dead last week in a mountain gorge, near
Oberstdorf, Tyrol. He had left one of the
refuge | stations j to ascend ' the . mountain
and - had '.fallen almost (within sight of the
caretak'er." At about" the sime_ time the'
quest for edelweiss demanded another^viq
tlm in the. person' of a young -salesman
in the Hochlantsch. c He had climbed out I
on a bowlder to pluck the- plant, and hl3
weight, loosened rock.: It went .into
the abyss with him. He fell severaj hun
dred yards and was dead at onco.
WITH" the exception cf torpedo- <
boats and a few small pleasure 1
craft, the American-bull^ Rus- s
sian cruiser Varlag Is to-day the i
fastest vessel afloat, having recently gone- <
through a seven and a half hours* trlar i
run at a speed of from 23.6 to 23.7 knots, or ]
27.14 to 27.25 miles an hour. ' ' .
We need go back only" a few years to <
find a time when the large Atlantic racers,"
in points of regularly attainable speed, i
were far beyond anything that had e\*er
been done in any navy, and their p*er- -
formances ¦ were considered " practically ,
beyond reach under the severe conditions
"of cramped space, light machinery weight j
and others similarly, restrictive to the de
signer. . The '. ITnlted States triple screw ,
cruiser Minneapolis about six years ago ,
developed slightly more than 2-1 knots
during her contract trials. As in the cases
of most naval vessels,' it was 'not expected
that this - would be demanded hour after
hour lh a run' of several days, and la 1S93
practical demonstration was given for the
first time that a- naval vessel 'could ac- ' '
tually hold her own with one of' the crack
Atlantic liners. This was afforded by the
United States cruiser Columbia in. her phe- '
nomenal run from the Needlea, near ,
Southampton, .to Sandy Hook lishtshjp, !
off. the American shore. In a few minutes
less than seven days, or, to b« exact, la
six days, twenty-three hour* and forty
nine minutes, the average speed for th«
whole trip being 18.54 knots, or 2L3 miles
an hour. The Columbia at the time was
practically racing' against the steamer
Augusta Victoria of the Hamburg-Ameri
can lino. Making proper allowances for
the difference In the length of the two
routes, the Aususta Victoria having sailed
from Cherbourg', the same rate of speed
was maintained by both ships.. Since that
time high-speed long-distance runs of war
vessels have been repeated, so that the
impression has at last been wiped out that
modern warships were simply boxes full
of delicate and complex machinery,
scarcely fitted for the hard knocks which
they were really intended to withstand.
But among all the swift cruisers and bat
tleships the Varlag's 23.7. knots give her
to-day first place.— Cassler's Magazine.
« ? »
A New York woman has a unique man
ner, of making a llvlntr. She goes from
house to bouse of the fashionables of Xew
York and directly under tho eye of her
customer* cleans the family jewels.' She
carries all her Implements for cleaning In
a little hand satchel and thus almost ua-
Incumbered. coca ber rounds. .
, The, la^t victim 'or the liross tJiocKnc.-.
InHhe Austrian Alps, was a Berlin cao
¦ UallsfNwho died on the Schaten Glacier,
in "view of -his wife. jij.-J
. . The Gloss "GlocUner has a long list of
victims- tor its own from the first year
¦ when-man tried to climb its height.-*. It .s
a wonderfully beautiful mountain and the
Inhabitants of the Salzburg region assert
that it Is the highest mountain. in the
Eastern Alps. This, however. Is not.-true.
But it has the respectable of 11.530
feet. • In the little graveyard at its base —
a graveyard almost as famous as is the
mountain— there lie many slrange bedfel
lows. Names with Imposing titles, names
of men who were famous in their day. are
carved on wooden crosses, 'side by sid«
with the names of humble guides. The
majority of the wooden crosses are paint
ed blue or red. A- great cross of black
marble, which towers commandlngly over
the rest, marks the grave of the famous
. . W •- ' ; ¦ -' ' ' ' ' ' ' •
the Margrave Pallavicinl and his compan
ions was caused by a snow avalanche.
for 'which both the northwest and th«»
southwest peaks of the Glockner are no
torious.- It overwhelmed them suddenly
ami tossed them like snotrflakes 3000 feet
deep into the GJockner-Kar, a vast hole
between the two mountain walls.
¦ The mountain c»es Its nnme of Great
Bell tcr a wonderful peak, which is shaped
exactly like a great bell of ice. The old
hame_ was "Emperor's Bell." The story
• ttaiehed to It Js that once upon a time ir
jvas the custom of all church bells to fly
J)ut. of their spires in the first week la
J.ent and make a pilgrimage to Rome.
£5ut one. year the huge bell of the Sa'z
r>urg Cathedral enjoyed itself too well In
the sunny land of Italy and d!d not re
turn with the other bella. When she did
finally start .for home she was a-wear!«d,
and sat down to rest on the top of tha
mountain.' While she was resting all the
morning. '. As punishment for her delay.
thi Salzburg bell 'was cursed on the spot
and changed Into snow and ice. ani there
she must sit forever, frowning and mute.
The Watzmann Mountain, ' asce.it of
which la forbidden now, so far' as the
glacier .wall js concerned. Is in Berchtcs
gaden. Switzerland. It is only a perfect
maniac of a mountain "fex" — as Euro
peans have christened the Alpine-mad
climbers— wh(T would dream of essaying
the-task. -anyway. From, the peak direct
¦to the Koenigsee— the King's Lake— a wall
descends as straight as the wall of a
house, for almost .C00O feet. The least
slip. In crawling along, this terrible place
is fata!. There are spots along the wall
where one really has to hold on with
his eyelids. Certainly one feels the need
for pressing every Inch of his body firmly
against the stone face of the precipice.
Just why- any man should be crazy
enough to wish to climb this place is
puzzling. But not men alone have dona
It.-' A few years ago a Vienna woman did
it without even a guide. It is a kdo 1
thing that the authorities have forbidden
any more attempts.
mountain climber, the Margrave Alfrvd
Pallaviclni. who was hurled to his death
* from the Glockner Wall in 1SSS. In a
niche near him lies his comrade, whj
died with him— Crommelln, an attache of
the Dutch Embassy. Near them sleep Ins
two guides who perished at the same
time.,'
Another cross is over the grave of tno
beautiful young daughter of General Vjh
". Sonklair. the famous geographer. She fc!l
- from the Bocae Platte— the Bad Shelf—
. while trying, to .pick edelweiss.
The catastrophe which cost the live* of
Max Scnaerer of Bernn and nls guide,
Johann Hofer of Wals. The two corpse*
had been found in a deep chasm of the
great glacier of the Olperer. The- rop«
still connected both men and the guide 1 !
body was deeply marked with. it. when
evidently he bad wound It -around hii
waist in a desperate effort ! to save his
patron. Apparently the 'doctor had lost
his footing and his fall Lad slowly dragged
both men to death."
In the same week another doctor left
• has been in every American war save the
'¦ last one — "the spat with Spain." Yet he
draws only a 312 pension.
: To engage in the. war of 1812 he ran
' away from his birthplace
to enlist at Buffalo, N. Y. Then came a
. lot of Indian v.a'rs; he fought In as many
as ' he could, notably the ,; Black Hawk
i- war. In the Mexlcan'war he became per-.
i eonally acquainted .with General Wlnfield
'Scott, and was known to other prominent
. soldiers of, the "time. When .he enlisted
' '¦¦ in the "civil-war -the. rebellion' was' tn its
• tHlrdyear. Overton; was 66 years ( o!d.
-VVou were an old man at; that time,
;" weren't'you?" he was asked. . . ¦
"' -"Slxtyrslx? No, tlr; • I- wasn't old then.
I'll bet I -was stronger than you are,
young man." was his emphatic reply.
-' JJnlike many old men.^Oyerton lives but f
little in the rast. hTs conversation al
ways drifts quickly back to present day
affairs. He answers your historical ques
tions readily enough, but keeps taking a
turn at queries himself by asking about i
to-day's political situation in all sorts of |
States and sections. .
jt He is especially interested in politics.
His political faith is Republican.
"Why." said he, disgustsdly, "there
ain't no Democratic party any more. The
one we "have to-day Is a slmm. If Jack
son was President now -he'd, have 'Bryan
arrested for "treason. v Yes-,' he would!
Jackson was the first -President I cast a
vote for. when he run the first time. I've
been for protection ever since, and now
I'm an : expansionist. There ain't no such
thing as Imperialism— no. slreel It's Just
growth— or expansion, See the difference?
Well, sir, I'd like to live to see our Gov
ernment go over the whole 'world." '• '
Certainly his fcundred'years'are no bar
to eloquence, for he was all animation as
he talked. ¦;£?-•>
"How much good It would do me to set
my eyes on. President. McKlnley! \He'6 a
grand man!"
"You've seen a great many Presidents,
haven't you?"
"Well, do you know, there's something
curious about that. I never saw but one
President, and .that was Lincoln. He
wasn't President then. Ho was a young
man. and ; when-court. came-to»our town
In Illinois he mas a lawyer and v used to
stop at the same hotel where I stayed.
No, we didn't know he was goln' to be
such a great man then."
. The old man feels that he has many
years yet to live, f on his health seems as
good as ever. He comes of stock' blessed
•with healthy longevity; His fathers and
/grandfathers have all been, centenarians,
although his mother died when he was a
> mere infant.
He has been married and both
wives are.now dead. .The date of his first
marriage he cannot recall. He has seven
children, . the . eldest . of \ whom is ¦ over 60
years of age and lives In Minneapolis.
Pertisau, near Innsbruck, for a short
walk. He climbed the Seekar .Mountain
for only a short distance. But, short as
It was, it was a fatal journey, for he wa3
found the next day ¦ in - a ravine. HI.*
clothing was tattered absolutely to rag.*,
and this, with the condition of the body,
gave mute evidence of the frlghtfulnesi
Of the fall. He had stepped Into what'he.
thought was a cozy place to rest. But it
proved to be only a bush that grew up
from the very edge of, the ravine and the
unfortunate man'weht headlong down the
side of the rock. Bloody finger marks on
the protuberances In the course of the de
scent showed how hard he had fought for
life, grasping at everything as. he went
flying downward. But all his effort had
been in vain.
A little more than a month ago a Miss
Thompson, an English tourist, was founJ
dead, wedged in the rocky bed of a tor
rent, in the Engelberg — Angel Mountain—
In Unterwald, Switzerland. She had been
missing, for two months. When she left
her" hotel it had been with the intention
of taking a stroll up a road which ww
considered perfectly safe. But she must
have wandered from the path and slipped
down the rocks. Two days after the find
ing; of-, her body Erich Schandlbauer, the
14-year-old son of the hotel keeper at
Zell.fell over the edge in the High Way
over the Moserboden and was picked up
JOHN* OVERTON of Long Beach,
Cal.. enjoys the proud distinction of
being the oldest voter in the West.
He is 103 years old— a hale, hearty
little man of good health and as keen an
intellect as many another with half his
yr-iirs. So well preserved is he that his
face is free from wrinkles, save for crow's
feft; nor is his head even bald, though
The covering of it la very sparse, with a.
f.ne light yellow hair that will never turn
gray.
Overton was born In October. 1797, and
has spent most of his life on farms In the
Middle West. He came to California from
Illinois about z year ago.
"I quit. liLrmln'." said Overton th« other
day, "on my hundredth birthday. I al
ways liked it. but the balance of .my life
I'm a-goln" to live easy."
He talks the granger's dialect.
Overton says, that he doesn't f«el a bit
older to-day then he did a half-century
ago. He claims rever to have been s!ck a
single day in Ills life, and never to have
swallowed any medicine.
"Neither have I ever used tobacco in
any form." said he, thoughtfully, as he
dangled the frazzled ends of his thin, dis
colored beard, "nor drunk a drop of which
ky." . -;- ,. \ ::.•*'
He is proud of his exemplary 1 record;
His war record Is a' comprehensive one.
It date.* back tc 1M2. Since that 'Ur**-. he
THE OLDEST VOTER IN THE WEST
any more parties to the peak of the
Watzmann Alp because of the successive
fatalities. From the veranda of a hotel in
Southern Switzerland more than a hun
c.red horror-stricken guests for three
hours watched the fight for life of two
rr.en without being able to aid them. They
were clinging to the edge of a peak over
a vast abyss, having slipped to It from a
path above owing to the breaking of a
rope. Guides hastened up the mountain
to aid them, but long before they reached
the spot the strength of the unhappy men
had (?lven out and they were hurled down '
more than a thousand feet into an abyss
whence their bodies could not even be re
covered. Every detail of this terrible scene
was plain!}- visible to the tourists in the
hotel far below.
Not less than 2.500.000 tourists have vis
ited Switzerland and traveled through its
Alpine scenery between the beginning of
the year and this October. As the coun
try has only 2.933,000 inhabitants, the value
of this immense flood of visitors can be
estimated readily, and it is only natural
that the Swiss authorities and people
should ufe all jy^Fsfble means to hush up
the facts regarding the unusual number
cf fatalities. But they have been so many
end accompanied with such dramatic cir
cumstances that it was not possible to
hide them all.
The huge Olprrer. In the Ziller Thai of
the Swiss Tyrol, has six victims to its
credit. Four of them perished at the same
time. They were etudentl from Innsbruck
and Vienna, and they had made a party
to ascend half-way up the side of the
mountain to see the sun rise on the fol
lowing morr.ir.sr. But they did not reach
their destination. Two days after they
had Ftartc-d they ¦were found at the foot
of a precipice. Their bodies were shock
ingly mangled. A mass of dirt and rock
which covered them partially told the
story. They had been caught in the path
of a landslide, which had carried them
over the brink with probably not a sec
ond's warning. Shortly afterward another
party of four, again students from Vien
na, started over almost the same path.
When they reached a part of the moun
tain where an immense wall towers over
the road, which is scarcely wide enough
there to permit the passage of a single
pereon, one of the party began to bine.
His voice scarcely had begun to echo
omong the reeky walls before there was
a tremendous roar far overhead, and al
noft Instantly an .avalanche of stones
fwrpt down on them. They, too, were car
ried over the brink, but luckily managed
to hold fast to sozne stunted pine trees,
which broke their fall. When help reached
them they were near death. One had both
his feet smashed so that they had to be
amputated at once. The other* managed
to escape without permanent disability. . -
Hardly had the excitement over these
accidents died away, when a party of
mountaineers brought in the bodies of Dr.
ing. The little graveyard at the foot of
the Gross Glockner— the mountain of. the
Great Bell— In the Eastern Tyrol, where
every ether grave is that of a victim of
its precipices, has many new mound*
narked with the simple cross that tells
ct a tragedy in a few simple words; In
the Berchtesgaden district the authorities
have forbidden the official guides to lead
cr3 bres-lcing ior the number of foreign
vlsltcrs. the accidents have been appall-
*=j7=5 HREB regions en this earth lure men
j with a epell that few who one* feel
]l Jt can break—the Polar BOlitudes,
with their eternal Ice and silence; the*
primeval forests of the Amazon, with
their everlasting twilight end their rays
tery. and the Alps, the place of the white
death. Vv': : .-:;.; : ;
Of these three, Pole and Axnaaon com
bined have not gurnered as many victim*
la a century as the Alps have taken In a
generation. And In the season which Is
ending mw, a ecason which has been reo-
THE SUNDAY " CALL.
17
THE
WHITE ALPINE
DEATH
AND ITS LURINGcopper wires, in contact with the girder.
which Is similarly connected to the other
dynamo terminal, at the point where it is
to be melted through, and gradually wlth
. drawing the carbon. The hands and bod/
of the operator are protected from the in
tense heat by an asbestos shield. Blue
Classes are also necessary to prevent In-
Jury to the eyes from the dazzling glare.
It la estimated that the temperature otf
the arc thus produced la about 15.000 de
grees Centigrade. By this method it ra
culred less than half a minute, to burn a
hole through the solid Inch of wrouffht
iron forming the web of the girder.
In 1E34-S5 consignments of blown capri
flgs were received from .Smyrna, sent by
Mr. Denotovlch of that place. They ar
rived in the winter season and too early
to accomplish any results. In 1833 Mr.
Swingle sent his consignments. 'He wrap
ped his flgs in tin foil, each tie separately.
The first consignment failed to establish
themselves, but the next waa successful.
blown capris to Mr. Roeding from that
place. Mr. Koebele intimated that he ex
pected the flies to fall, stating that he be
lieved that each variety of flcus had Its
own species of blastophagus, and that if
Mr. Roeding wished to succeed he would
probably have to import flies from the
eame district from which his trees came.
nutty flavor which, so characterizes !t
above all other varieties of, figs. It Is be
cause the other flgs do not have these em
bryo that they arc. lacking in taste, for
when these' are examined it is noted that
the seeds are hollow and the fig has a
flat taste, whereas in the Smyrna, the
seeds are solid. It Is therefore as a con
veyer of pollen that U»f: blastophagus is
a necessity to the fig grower. And with
out it some years of effort have demon
strated in California that the Smyrna
cannot be produced. ' ;.'
There is now in California on the Roed
ing ranch eighty caprl flg trees and 4200
Smyrna fig- trees, besides other small or
chards in several localities.. The trees on
the Roedlng ranch were brought from
Smyrna in 1S85 by W. C. West, foreman of
the ranch, who was sent to Asia for that
purpose. They were procured there with"
extreme difficulty, the growers, learning
that Mr. West was from California, re
fusing. to sell him any on the ground that
California might, If 'the flg Vwere trans
planted, come to be a competitor in ; the
world's markets with Smyrna: .The cut
tings were therefore | procured : by 'strat
egy. A' resident was engaged to .buy them
which, after j much difBculty, was done,
the plants. being shipped out" of the'coun
try billed as llcorice'roots. the' railroad
company refusing to • take them under,
any other label. After the cuttings had
grot clear of the Turkish boundaries the
Oriental Advertiser, published In Con
stantinople, in ' Its Issue of December ' 18.
1888, printed an article ¦ deeply ; deploring
the fact that the cuttings had been per
mitted to get away and declaring its hope
that ', "the flgr may not take In" California,
though ? the chance is very; jlifhL •;: If ; it
does, however, ¦ America will supply ' the
European market ' with better 'eleme*
beautlful fruit, dried well and carried. th»
true Smyrna flavor. Prior to this Mr.'.
* Roedlng had been able to obtain only a
dozen or so v of these perfected flgs by
Introducing pollen from the caprl into
them with a toothpick: flgs treated in
this manner, however, matured Into fleshy
and full-flavored fruit, thus demonstrat
ing the utility and need of the wasp, a
fact "which, since other varieties of the
flg matured here without it. was for a
long time disputed In California. Even
with the varieties of fig now grown in the
State, embracing white and dark species,
the growers have built up a considerable
trade. It may be expected, however, that
this will not advance after, the. Smyrna
gets well upon trie market. It would seem
that the California packed flgs would find
a preference In the market to the boxed
ilgs are hollow Inflorescences, the greater
part of the bulb, hypanthodlum, being 1
lined with flowers. These flowers In both
the capri and the Smyrna are male and
female. The female flowers occupy the
larger space, reaching from higher than
midway the protuberance* down toward
the stem, while the male flowers" occupy a
narrow zone about the orifice or .eye at
the bulged end of the fruit,- opposite the
stem. When the female flowers are ripe
this eye, opens. It is ' then that the fly,
which has simultaneously with the ripen
ing of the female flowers escaped there
from, where it was deposited as an egg
by Its, parent, makes its way out of the
capri fig. and passing through ' the eve
scrapes the male flowers and carries
away a quantity of their pollon. .. Once
Into the outer world the fly hastens 5 to an-
is produced by first placing the large car
bon pencil, which i3 connected to one ter
minal of a suitable dynamo by means of,
The application of the electric arc to
weldlns purposes, by which large, heavy
bars of iron or copper may be joined al
most Instantly, has made familiar the re
markability of Its heating power. It wad
not lone after this invention before the
possibility of "cracking" safety vaults, by
means of an electric arc. was widely dls
cussejd. There Is no doubt that this Is per
fectly feasible, provided, of course, a suf
ficiently powerful electric current Is avail
able.
Something on Jhe same line. In which,
however, the electric arc is applied to
more lawful purposes, has recently been
tried on several occasions. This la the
cutting of I-beams, in repair work. In
place of the tediously slow method of cut
ting them with a metal saw. The I-beams
In this Instance were 14-lnch girders, hav
ing a web one inch thick. The work was
in connection with some repairs to the
Corn Exchange Bank In Chicago. There
were six of these beams to be cut through
and the work was actually accomplished "
in about three and a half hours.
The method consists In springing a pow
erful arc between the beam to be melted
through and a large solid carbon elec
trode. The arc is nothing but a huge elec
tric spark caused by the current Jumping
from the carbon to the iron. This aro
Ctuiittflinig II roe by
Electricity.
THE most notable event which trans
pired In the horticulture of Califor
nia during the year 1S93 was the suc
cessful Introduction and propagation^
of the blastophagus, or flg wasp, from
Smyrna, Turkey in Asia. A long line of
efforts and expenditure of much money
preceded this result, for upon Its achieve
ment has depended the possible dried flg
Industry of California. And it is now con
fidently expected that this fall of 1900 will
bring forth and turn on the market the
first crop of Smyrna flgs ever produced In
the United States.
The Smyrna, fig is practically the only
fig; In other words. It Is the flg of com
merce. For though there are many varie
ties of the flcus, yet only one holds sway
throughout the world and is popularly
eaten. This variety is the only one be
lieved to require capriflcation In order to
effect Its maturity. Other figs, Bome of
•which approach very close in Its various
qualities of ¦ appearance and flavor the
Smyrna, particularly the white Adriatic,
grow and mature without the fly, but un
fertilized the Smyrna will not grow be
yond the sire of mere little knots, or nub
bins, whereupon It dries up and falls off.
The successful Introduction of the fly
Into California !.« due to the efforts of
"Walter T. Swingle, explorer of the United
States Department of Agriculture, who
visited Smyrna In 1S3S and sent to his de
partment a. quantity of the flies enclosed
In their native caprl flg. These were for
warded to George C. Roedlng, an exten
sive flg culturist of Fresno, Cal., and were
by him propagated, there being now on
the trees of Mr. Roedlng many thousands
of caprl flgs, each harboring the insect;
ell the figs passed the winter In excellent
condition and there are no fears that they
will not successfully round out all succes
eive seasons. Mr. Roedlng has about 4200
Smyrna fig trees and files enough to fruc
tify about 1200 of them.
This success has come to Mr. Roedlng
after many disappointments. He first be
gan to endeavor to get the blastophagus
Into the State In 1832, when he sent a man
to Arizona and New .Mexico In search for
It. there having been a report that the fly
¦was present and doing well In that sec
tion. The report, however, proved incor
rect, as It was discovered In that locality
there were neither figs, flies nor tree's.
The same year Mr. Roeding succeeded In
getting a quantity of the blown or fly-
Impregnated figs from Smyrna. A part of
the consignment arrived In good condition.
The figs were put In among the branches
of Mr. Roeding's capri trees, and many of
the flies hatched and came out of the figs;
but they refused to enter the California
caprls. and the experiment was a failure.
In 1S96 Mr. Roedlng received a number
of the blown figs from a gentleman living
In the State of San Luis Potosi. Mexico,
where they are said to be thriving in
numbers. Efforts were made to Install
these on the capri flg trees, but they also
•were unsuccessful. About that time Al
bert Koebele. a naturalist, traveling in
Morales. Mexico, sent a quantity of the
The flg Industry, now that It may be
Eald to be fairly started, promises to be
one of the greatest Industries of Califor
nia, ranking beside that of the orange.
The fig is the king of dried fruits, and
with this enlarged sphere of Its produc
tion there must as a consequence follow
a very much expanded consumption.
JOHN E. BII?^NETT.
It is probable that the great Smyrna fl*
Bectlon of California will be the San Joa
quln Valley, as this of all the valleys of
California nearest resembles both In soil
and climate that of the Aldln. The soil
must be light and sandy and the situation
hot and not overburdened with moisture.
Only one crop of the flgs matures annual
ly. These appear In the latte- nart oZ
June, are fertilized In July tnd mature
their fruit from August 1 to October 1.
Asiatic product. The latter, after bein?
taken from the trees, are pulled. In the
hands in process of manipulation by tho
packers, who dip their hands In salt wattir
during the operation. As these packer*
r\re Turks of a very filthy caste, the peo
- vie Uvlng about the ' Aldin Valley, the
section In which the flgs are grown, taboo
them wholly and eat the crated or un
pulled flgs, locally known as lacoora. and
which are packed In bag shapes.
These latter arrived from April 1 to the
15th, and the batch comprised thirty figs
In all. These were hung In the caprl trees
shown In the photographs and in a num
ber of other, capri trees, but the flies pro
pagated only in two figs; they came out
from June 15 to July 1, and forthwith en
tered other figs. The process was re
peated, and In November a fourth genera
tion of the flies appeared, coming out of
over 100 flgs. They entered new flgs, with
the result that over 500 capri flgs became
blown with the flies, -and the transplanta
tion or Introduction of the species became
an acknowledged success.
Tlie caprl tig tree and the Smyrna flg
tree are two different species. The capri
Is a wild flg growing In the mountains of
the Turkish fig-growing country, and is
not flt for food. It stands to the Smyrna
flg in the relation of male to female. Both
Thus the caprl figs are really little
fruits filled with flies. One flg will contain
o\'er a thousand of the things and will be
sufficient to furnish flies for a whole tree
of figs. The fig growers, however, do not
suffer all the flies to re-enter capri flgs.
They cut figs from caprl tree3 and put
ting a fig on each end of 'a stick they
lodge It In a Smyrna fig tree. When the
fly emerges from Its habitat on the end of
a stick It searches for a flgr. The Smyrnas
are the only ones about and these It en
ters, bearing on its back the pollen from
the male flowers of the caprl flir. .This im
pregnates the female flowers of the Smyr
na, then ready to receive It, whereupon
the fly dies within the flg. The female
flowers then grow with wonderful rapid
ity, becoming Juicy as they enlarge and
developing an embryo which elves the
BiniTr.J\ when dried that dellclsus and
¦: ¦ . .¦•¦-.¦
other flg and. although the fruit. may be
very small, works Its way in through the
eye. and fln'dlng the new female flowsr
therein deposits Its eggs one In each flow
er, and dies.
The prediction of this writer may never
be fulfilled to the_ extent of /California
ruining the Industry of Smyrna, but cer
tainly this State will shortly enter the
markets of the world with an excellent
product* of figs. A few were pollenated
on Mr. Roedlng's trees during the- pas*
season and they developed Into large and
I.
than Smyrna ever produced. Anothei
matter which should not be forgotten is
that American machinery will no doubt
take the place of manual labor In packing.
The prospect of losing the fig trade is u.
sad one and should provide food for re
flection to all who liva by Its product In
Asia Minor."
THE SUISTDAY CALL.
18
SUCCESSFUL CULTURE
OF THE FIG WASP
IN CALIFORNIA(Copyright, 1900. Wm. R. Miller.)
IT. was a dark, cold December night.
Polly could hear the wind whistling
outside and dying away until it sound
ed like a human moan. 'Such .a fierce,
wild night! The heavy clouds hung
threateningly low.- Inside 'all was warm
and cozy. . ' The little library never had
seemed half so bright and snug to Polly
as It did this dreary, night when she en
tered It after tucking baby away amid his
soft blankets and pillows.
There sat Jack— her Jack— reading his
evening paper and looking' so handsome.
Was there ever such a husband, su«. . a
baby or such a home as hers?
"Jack, dear, do you think it will be a
(V »rv dreadful storm?*' asked Polly In such
a n«;-»rable little voice that Jack assured
her it would not and told her to get her
book and sit close to him. The' book'
proved very interesting and soon she lost
sight of the atorm outside and the bright- .
ness within, even of Jack,"* who, seeing her
deep interest had quieted all tears, quiet
ly left her to go down stairs and seo that
tne lights were all out for the night. Pol
ly was just conscious of his leaving • the |
room, that was all, for she had followed
the brave hero of her book Into the thick
est of the battle.
And now the charge is made, the can
nons deafenlngly roar, the brave man la
fighting, and Polly Is fighting too, (for
does she not know his every feeling— was
she not a soldier's daughter?). The hero
has taken the flag, the guard falls back;
but Just at that moment Polly heard a
step, a stealthy step, creeping up the
stairs— the old back stairs which she i.nd
Jack never used.
Creak— creak, three steps more. A burg
lar! thought Polly. "The borglar."
whispered Polly with pale lips. "He ha>
eom*'«t last." Book and battle and brav
est of heroes were all forgotten.
With every faculty strained she listened.
"Another, step, oh! how. cautiously taken —
still another. Polly knew she must be
brave now if ever. Stepping to the door
she called in a cautious voice. "Jacjt!"
"Well?" came Jack's sonorous tones from
the dining-room below. Then It was not
Jack, for as he answered the steps creaKed
once again.
• With a bound Polly reached tfte bed
room door across the hall. Must- she lock
baby In alone, or fly down llrst and tell
Jack a burglar was In the house? She
knew that Jack had been ill and was not
lust himself.' What must she do now to
help him catch this powerful black burg
lar? The burglar she had always felt
would come since they had gone to house
keeping. With feet to which terror lent
wings she sped down the stairway, and,
.pulling back the draperies, said In an un
earthly voice:' "There's a man upstairs!"
""Where, dear?" asked Jack.
But Polly did not hear Wm. jVlth trera-
By Beatrice Osicm.
when he had so Invited her and she had
turned listlessly away, and he waited for
her to speak.
"You meant," she said at last, In tense,
broken tones .that .were strange to him,
"to "go away— and kill yourself*— to release
me from the marriage which you think Is
making me miserable?"
"I love you', Margaret," he said.' simply.
"Even enough to give up your, life to
6ave mo from unhapplness?" -
"I could do no less for you, dear." ''¦ ¦
"If I should tell you that I want nothing
In the world so much as to keep you with
me always— that your wife loves you at
last — would you believe me?" ,
"How can I— how dare I believe that you
are not mistaken after these last ' two
years?"
.For tho first time she moved toward
him. He had remained In his armchair
at the table, and she knelt beside him and
kissed his hand, which she left wet with
her fast falling tears. He threw his arms
about her and presse4-hls lips to her fore-,
head as she nestled eagerly to him, but
even then .there flashed across his mind
the recollection of her early affection for
him and Its evanescence/which, had
robbed him', of hope and happiness after
their first few months of "marriage, ¦ and
he shuddered "and withdrew hla embrace,
fearing to be tempted Into folly and for
getfulness of his settled purpose.
.J." 11 ta uaelesa, Margaret," be said. "To-
Ho was recalled to the present by the
sight of great tears rolling down her
cheeks. The impulse was strong to hold
out his arms and bid her come to him for
comfort; but he remembered other days
A fancy came upon him that he was
dreaming, as some. kind of consciousness
stole over, him that behind her long lashes
there was gathering the evidence of a new
emotion-Hi n. Indefinable something' that
awakened a thought, a wish he dared not
entertain, and thrilled him with the re
membrance of their wedding-day, when
life had seemed to him to ho full of
beauty and he had no forebodings > of the
weary days that were ;to j bring coldness
and widening estrangement, relieved by
only sufficiently frequent lapses Into ten
derness to make it Impossible for him to
forget and to make Ufa . seem all the
harder by contrast. ¦ '
Before he had time to divine her Inten
tion she had snatched the paper from his
clenched hand and darted aside to read It.
Even In his dull -despair he watched her
eyes, fascinated by the facility of their
expression, and saw the jealousy they had
displayed fade away and become replaced
with intermingled surprise and terror that
could not' have been revealed half so
painfully to him if her voice had broken
into shrieks. Silently she read the words
he had written and then stood gazing
upon him for a space of time that seemed
ages as he watched her eyes, etill those
wonderful eyes of hers that, seemed to
speak and yet had now become unfathom
able..'.- '." ¦ . •''.¦: ' ' -
"Let me see the letter," she demanded.
"Do not grieve for my sake, child; it
is best for me as well as for you that I
should die now rather than"—
The stillness of the lttle den where he
was writing his farewell message wad
broken by the opening of the door and
the almost noiseless tread of lightly slip
pered feet and his wife entered the foom.
Clad in her soft dressing gown and with
unbound hair clustering in brown curU
about her neck she seemed almost . the
child he had. called her in what was to ba
his last'lettej- to her.
Startled by h«r coming he yet,Instinct
ively crumpled the sheet of paper in his
hand to hide It from hor view for he had
not meant her to, knew until It .was too
late to prevent his sacrifice. But her eyes
had quickly seen the constraint of -his
manner and she advanced quickly to tho
writing table where he sat -and clasped
nls wrist.
'. "To whom were you writing?" she
asked.
"I— I"— He hesitated.
"My child, marriage is a rosary fash
ioned from precious Sims, It seem*, alasl
you have foun.d your jewels paste. Mar
garet, I do not reproach you and I be,j
you not to blame yourself for what you
could not help, nor accuse yourself of re
sponsibility for- my realization that -our
marriage was a mistake. It was 'not your
fault, poor child, nor mine. It simply was
to be. In this the. hour of death for mo
now that I know I do not. possess your
love I take more account of your future
Joy than of our:' past' unhapplness. -^You
are still very young. I shall hope and
pray in that unknown world to which I
am going that the passage of- at "most a
few years will bring you the peace arid
contentment which wore yours before I
made you my wife.
(Copyrighted, 1900, by Wm. R. Miller.)
mY dear, on the table here I leave
such articles of value as ~I '.have
about me. Besides these there Is
a little balance in bank and our
house here, which will come to you as my
heir. Alas! I cannot- leave you well cared
for, but, with the poor means at my com
mand I give you all 1 have to give and,
yielding to the grip of duty that has for
a long while lain strong upon my heart,
I go to free you from the bond which has
become so* irksome to you since you
ceased to care for tho only thing of worth
I had to give— the love which has been
yours from the beginning.
But the news she had to tell was whis
pered, though he alone waa there to hear.
"Then," she said, "I had & stronger ar
gument to bring to bear.. I 'should have
bidden you live, If not for my sake, for"
morrow, or, the next day, perhaps, you
would be weary of me again. It Is no
fault of yours. I have seen that from the
beginning. I suppose It has all happened
j because we were not suited to each other.
It Is too late to rectify the miserable mis
take. ' You can only make it harder for
.me to do my duty; you cannot turn me
.from it."
She did not rise, but remained kneeling
beside her husband, silently rehearsing
the scenes of their betrothal, remember
ing how he liad seemed to her a hero and
nn- ideal lover; how, v ln the early months
of their marriage, even? such little faults
and imperfections as she had discovered
In him had seemed ."trifles light as air"
beside the constant evidence of his devo
tion and tenderness to her and had not
swept. away her love for him; how, with
the passage of time, however, custom had
staled .the charm of wjfehood and grad
ually thrown a . veil of indifference over
her nature, but had not robbed her of her
loyalty, though -she had ceased, to value
her possession of • him "'¦until* this nfght,
'•when.the'fear of losing him had come for
the first; time. ' ,. . ' *' • .. '.
But he should hot go without a strujj
gle.'she tho,ught. and her.sobs ceased and
her eyes/as she raised' her. graze to him
were full of- such resolve that he looked
upon.her with surprise. He had never un-'
til this moment fully realized that she
was no longer a. child, but a woman,
Btrong and self-reliant.
"What do you mean to do?" she asked.
1 "What method have you planned to
adopt?"
Both words and voice appeared to ac
cept his resolution as final and her ques
tion seemed brutally cold. It filled him
with a new sense, of despair and grief
more poignant than ever before.
"I have not decided," he replied, mood
fly. "The river, I suppose, is easiest and
quite sure." ¦
"To-night?"
"Yes." , . . ." '
"Will yo.ii promise to wait here. five mln- .
utes" until I return?"
He. assented, ' listlessly, and she arose
and calmly left the room.
When she reappeared he saw. to his
amazement, she had donned her hat and
Shoes and' had slipped a long cloak over
her 1 dressing gown. To his astonished
ejaculation of inquiry she answered:
"It means that, as 'your wife, 'I "claim a
wife's right to share all things with you.
You "sought to 1111 my life with love and
brightness and happiness, and I have been
ungrateful and have driven you to de
spair—to Insanity, I think. But In this
last hour I have learned a lesson I can
never forget. Since you will not believe
in it and cannot trust In my repentance
enough to think that there Is happiness In
store for you yet— come! We will go. to
gether. You shall not leave me alone.". •
"Margaret!" he cried, and dashed to her
side and tore the covering from her head,
and with his arms clasping her tlghtly
to him pressed kisses upon her hair and
eyes and lips— such kl*ses as she had not
known for many weeks, because she had
not welcomed them when they, were of
fered. As her arms tried, to draw
him closer to her' heart, happy tears wet
both their faces, and- neither, knew which
wept the more for Joy. .It was riot until,
reunited,. they. had sat together for many
hours in the big^armchalr before the flr,e
as they had been accustomed to do when
they had first come to their home' after
the honeymoon, and the honeymoon Itself,
seemed never-ending, that ; she confessed
to him that she -had had- no Intention of
dying with him or of permitting him to
die and had meant only to make" him be
llevo In her love for him.
"What If your ruse bad failed?" ha
asked.
strolling about the halls or Bitting in cozy
nooks and corners. . Nellie Payton sat in
one of these vainly endeavoring to Inter
est herself in a very conventional de
sign, at the same time letting her gaze
wander restlessly over the ballroom floor,
when suddenly it was arrested by a "de
sijrn" in bold Teflef upon the glistening
expanse; s<» different from any she had
ever seen In a ballroom she unconscious
ly straightened herself from her listless
attitude and regarded him with studied
interest as he stood there, evidently un
accjjstomed to such a scene, taking men
tal note of everything. The finely shaped
head was covered with a profusion of rich
brown hair, parted very decidedly upon
the left side; and the swarthy complex-
Ion seemed only a very few shades lighter
than the neat brown business suit he
wore. With his large hat in his hand he
was .Just ready for flight at the first ap
pearance of the dancers. He awakened
himself with a start from his deep medi
tation upon hearing his name called* and
finding himself -presented to Miss Payton
as "Mr. Randell, a gentleman from In
diana, though not th* one of book fame."
Just then the orchestra struck up a
dreamy waltz and Nellie's low exclama
tion of ''Eureka! Eureka!" was not over
heard.
"Yek, Miss Payton, I leave to-morrow
for my home In Indiana. The purport of
th'= call !s to allow you an opportunity
for any little word unsaid or deed left
undone In the love-making line, which
line you handle to adroitly."
At each cruel word the girl's head sank
lower in deep humiliation and shame as
her many views and little acts loomed
up before her In awful shapes. She saw it
all so plainly now since the scales had
been so cruelly removed from her eyes.
Why had ehe allowed the New Woman's
Club' to distort her views until for
months she had not known herself? But
this man knew her; yes, knew her. and
that to despise her. Ah! that wasV th«
bitter ehame of It all! Why had she bo'
rashly vowed that night of the ball to
teach herself to love this man and be
loved by him in return? But these were
questions beyond answers, and her head
fairly ached and swam with the calamity
her misdeeds had wrought.
Then a -strange, yes. a very strange
thing happened, "The gentleman from In
diana" kneeled down, and, drawing the
golden head against his own dark, cheeks,
said, while a tender light stole into bis
eyes :
"My method has been a cruel one. but
my darling has profited by It, so forgive
me." and the rest of the earnest entreaty
was caught only by Nellie herself.^who
laughingly cried:
"Ah! You are only a very conventional
degiga alter all."-
By Jessie jCse Candy.
(Copyrighted. 1500. William R. MHler.)
C.II! How I wish something would
l] happen! Anything to break tho
/ monotony cf those dull winter
months — December, January and
F'l'M.ary— these three, but the dullest of
these is February."
The speaker was a pretty young girl
who sat idly watching some small gray
clouils scurrying across the dull February
Bky, and turned her golden head indiffer
ently toward her companion when ehe
exclaimed In a troubled .voice:
"V.V-il, you are too sacrilegious for
Tiv,rd:-. and as for contentment, I do not
beUtre you even know what the word Im
plies. You are not the sirl nature in
tended you to be; but, mark you, she is
never baffled. The one thlnz needful has
not come Into your Hf<». which must come
before your good traits arc accentuated
erjf! your bad ones toned down.'produclns
a r'.prht effect, as It wore."
Having delivered htrpclf of this rather
Jensthy rpefcii. the plrl regarded the sub
ject <jf It with a tender, pitying look.
"You think, then, my dear Helen, I am
'a creature not. too bright nor good for
hnrruin nature's daily food'— of contem
j.latinn. it I may add tha^."
"Doubtless tho one thing needful to
tame my ravage nature is in accordance
with your views *ix feet of anatomy, dad
ir. the conventional black: master onlyof
conventional sayings and actions: alts-
T' thi r a very conventional deK!frn,, M
Then cyjntinulng in a haughty tone:
"You shouid know the member* of the
Wv Woman's C!ub are not even inte.rest
e-1 In men, much >ss influenced by them.
Though, If by tome miraculous power, one
Rbould ever arouse ray lo\-e, I would have
t reciprocated at any cost." Thereupon
thr j'trls grazed earnestly at one another.
<•: .<• v.-nh a c.ilm. determined look, the oth
cr with a troubled, questioning one. as
j;h.r» exclaimed:
-Surely. Neil, you <Jo not mean you
would cue a man for love when he enter
tained for you only indifference or
hate?"
"I meant that, certainly, Helen, and
long for an opportunity to snow men that
drls can rival and even Surpass them in
love-making, as !n all other 'professions.'
Hut pood-by to you and our Interesting
topic until to-night and tho ball."
•'•'v- •'"• *' • ••'»• .'.-•
The highly polished ballroom floor lay
irl!sten!ngr under a myriad of electric
Ochus. deserted by its dancers, who were
Quick r.s h!s age would permit the o!u
man stopped the mil! wheel and Jrew the
beavy hopper aside-, revealing a larjjr;
hole In tho floor. "Quick!" he shouted.
"Ciimb down there. There Is a small
space to the right. It will barely ho'.d
you; but do not lean over If you Into
meal converted do not wish to be," and
he smiled grimly.
"Had I better destroy the papers?"
queried the courier, as he disappeared
from view.
"Xein!"— tersely. "I have an idea. Keep
you them!"
A minute later the hopper was rrplacc<i
and the water turned on the wheei. Slow
ly the latter began to revolve. Then Jo
hann calmly resumed his seat, taking up
his pipe as he did so. Hardly had he be
gun to puff when a dozen soldiers, headed
by an officer in a French uniform, dashed
Into the mill.
"Le diable! 'Sdeath!" gasped the latter.
"Don't deny It! We saw him enter. Con
fess that un courrler came in here? Die
he not?"
"Ja!"— puff.
" 'Oui!' you mean?"
"Nein — Ja!" was the laconic reply..
Without addressing themselves further
to -the seemingly stupid old German, the
Frenchmen began their search. Every
room, closet, passage, nook und crevice
.was thoroughly ransacked: as was also
every empty barrel, full barrel and pile
of Rratn. When an hour had been spent
in the fruitless effort, with .1 cre^Uallen
mien they returned to the room in wnlch
the miller had been sitting. They found
him pouring corn Into the hopper. For
tunately, another detachment had ridden
up in the meantime, the officer of which
was able to converse with the old man in
his own tongue.
"Meln Herr," the Frenchman asked, "is
the man we're looking for in this build
ing?"
"Ja!" waf the answer. "1 have said that
already."
"Then why In the devil don't you tell us
where he is?" . ......
"Waa?"
DESIGNS- CQNVE'NTTONAl.
AND 0TH5RWTSS--...
[f ¦ ; yrighied, ISM, Wm. IL Miller.)
•j? OHANN Ml'KLLER was the miller
-. |j <>f the Bber-tbaU His mill stood in
\i^/ the vai!«y of the Eber River, and
for two generations he had ground
all cJie corn harvested in the thai. New
corr.i :s who brought Ir. their grain In the
latter part of the summer were inclined
to the opinion that ins prices were exorbi
tant: bin that was because they rUd hot
knew Johann. They became b*»t^er
acquainted with him when winter came.
T!u old mJlltT had not iived in the piace
bJI hli *if> without learning a-y thing; and
v fH :i the- icy v.iri'1 sw*-;it up- and down
th(- valley, piiinjr the snow in huge drifts.
IT.e inasar.t? would often hrar a' slight
•¦¦ : ipon their <loor afi^r dark. and. upon
oj»nir :r it, Would see Johann standing be
fore thtm, a sack of meal on Ms shoulder.
"Wi- £<htp:" he would *a>\ "I thought
to mvNlt that you might like to have this
moai." Tharkfulnesir would shine frtm
th<- • yes of the poor people. Corn was
never too plentiful among them.
The o)& man loukod upon himself as the
fnthr-r of Kber-thal; not because he pcn
e*: .-• I any lands, or influence with .his
Eupbricrs, tut for the reason that in times
cf trouble all his customers came to him
for sympathy or affiftsnec. Nor did any
man in th? entire region enjoy a better
reputation for truth than Johann. He
valued his word beyond everything else.
7; \\;-.s proudly rflat<-<3 by the inhabitants
of t.^e thai how he had once refused to lie
even for the sake of his son. The younp
ri.in had feiencd idckaeas to avoid mili
tary di:ty. IHs father had said nothing,
but bad surveyed bin critically, ar.d when
tli? Inspector had asked the old man
Fart of the trousseau belonging to the
Duclicss 3Cl!zobeth,-. 'laughter of Duke
Theodor of Bavarin. who has just, been
married amid much magnificence to
Prince Albert of Belgium, has been on
view In Munich, where the ladles have
been goin? into pcstaclos over thn beauty
of the tinderlinen and lace
• aiost of the garments are of the finest
linen bntlatP, trimmed with, real lace or
the most delicate hand embroidery, repre
senting flowers in garlands, Bourbon lilies
and butterflies. • Some arc of French
linen, haying insertion arid real lace, while
others are finely hemstitched ¦ or trimmed
with Swiss embroidery. Those Intended
for ball wear are without sleeves, having
narrow ribbons to tie on the shoulder.
Besides the linen, there 1 are six sets in
silk of pale colors— white, sea green,
lemon colored, palmon. pale blue and pink,
with rich lace trimmings, mostly. Brus
sels and the Bourbon Illy. The dressing
jackets are charming. The fine batiste
ones have muslin embroidery and cloudy
volants ami • ore made with half-open
sleeved; while those of the fine Bie'feld
-lr.ion are trimmed with Swiss embroidery.
Of striking beaut v is a white matinee of
crepe <le chine, made Figaro fashion with
Brussels lace, having bell-shaped sleeves.
Among tUe morning jackets two are
highly oriKlimL . These .arp, : Marie An
toin^tte firlnis, with sloeYe?,'' to which, by
tying the, ends in three different* way's, as
many varied styles may be given. A
.loveiy morning petticoat of white sllk.has
'serpentine flountfs with point dp Laisse
lace and insertions, the latter underlaid
with yellow silk: a broad Watteau pleat;
' forming the back of the skirt. . Another
in light green silk Is closely pleated and
a third salmon-colored one ; is trimmed
with yellow lace .in a. very popular lover's
'.knot pattern. ¦ J ,' .
The. whole of the underlinen Is" more or
le?s qmplre style, but especially the morn
ing toilettes of muslin. ";/,
The boot and shoe, comb and brush and
wash bags are all alike In blue and white.
¦ the Bavarian colors.- ¦• ¦ . . : '. •-
The most valuable' Item In the trousseau
Is the bridal dress, of white silk with
myrtle. branches embroidered by hand anfl
Valenciennes lace. • -/
Troiasseam of a
Fiuitare Qmeee .
poured another measure of corn Into the
receiver.
"But I tell you they have made a.
search!" shouted the irate officer. "Xow,
eee here," he continued, "this man hae
important papers, and we'll get him If
we have to burn the whole thing down."
"Sehr gut! l>o it! Then I'll come out.;
he'll come out— and the pHpers— will
burn."
"Bah!" was the reply.' "We have on
another course of action decided. MI1.9
Herr. Men shall we place in every, room.
and thus starve the dog out. Do you
hoar?" ¦ ...
"Ja!" was the retort. "Go ahead. He
can hold cut for days, and by the time he
is exhausted the. object of the dispatches
will have been rccomplshod.'" •
"Then what the devil do you intend to
do?" The officer was at h's wits' end.
"Ach. that' 1 * better. You that -*hou'd
have said lon;j ago. Xow. here." he con
tinued in a conciliatory tone, "what you
want are the papers (puff): what; he wants
is his life (puff). Now. I'll settle the thing
In a nutshell. You ride a ha'lf-mlle up the
road <puff). and there stay a half-hour
(puft). That will give him cnoug'.i time to
escape. In turn (puff) gives he to me thq
papers, r.nd whec you return you {puff) I
giv»> tliem to you."
"I.e diahle!" exclaimed the Frenchman.
"Think you that I you believe? How kno/isr
I that you your word will kr>rp?"
. In reply, with a spread of his arm, .To
tiann Indicated the entir<- Rber-thal. "As!;
them out there what my word is!" ho said,
proudly. .
For a time r.r> one spohi>. Then the of
flrers held a '•nnsultation, Cumedj fretted
and cursed. an-J --.vh?n they c-oujd think -of
no other expVfl&Vt reluctantly consented
to the plan.' Thoy strongly^ inn's* ed. how
ever, that he was not to burn them. -but
to deliver PV'ry single jMece Into " th» ir"
hand?. Me 'Hspented without a murmur)
and the FParching party, rode awiiy. ' S
No sooner ha*d thoy' disappeared than'
the old miller stopped the /wheel and.'
helped the fugltlv*'" to arise from his
cramped position. The latter waa covered
with meal, but no time could be spared (
to brush It off. "Give me the papers,"
Johann commanded:' "then go down,
through the lack door, saddle my horse
in the stahlo and riue down the road leruj
¦ing: to Kheinhart,as if the devil were after
you."
"But. surely, Meln Herr," expostulated" •¦
the other, "yrui do not intend to hand
over these papers— these precious papers—
to the enemy?"
"They shall certainly have t,hem," said
"I asked In what part is he?"
"Ach! I said in the mill." And Johann
Several days after it had been noised
throughout the valley that th<* Little
Corporal had crossed the Rhine the old
miller was seated In a big armchair, re
flrciing over the turn which events had
taken. His ever-present pipe was between
his teeth, and he had Just filled 1t when
the round of furioup lioofi>eats coming in
his direction attracted his attention, and
a moment later a man hurled hlmsrll
from a horse, gave the anim.il a kick
which FT.t it galloping on. ajul rushed
into the mill. "Few God's sake, Mdn
Herr." he tried, "hide me in a safe place.
French spies have beem In the Piussiar;
camp, and they know I have dispatches
which, if they fa'.l into Napoleon's hands,
will result in the destruction of an entire
wing of our army. I took the wrong roa-i
and now I am totally surrounded."
Joharn puffed so rapidly that ir.s head
was soon enveloped In a cloud of smoke :
then he removed the stem from between
Ms teeth. "Ach:" he suddenly exclaimed.
"Wait cne minute."
When the rumor came that Napoleon,
the terror of Europe, was preparing to In
vade Germany, Johann was among the
first to hear of it. He puffed a little
harder at his p!p«, and perhaps his blue
eyes blinked a trifle more when he
thought that the old mill where he had
labored for so many years would soon t>e
In ashes. Perhaps a tear glistened in his
eye as he dwelt upon It; but It was not
on account of himself or the loss which
he knew he would suffer. He was think
ing of the future of the poor people of the
El>er-thal when the old building war gone.
He prayed fervently that the report mlpht
prove false; but subsequent new* con
firmed it. and soon scouting parties of
French began to pass along the road in
front of the door.
whether the boy wern really 111, he had
shaken his head in the negative.
(Copyrighted, 1900, by Wm. R. Miller.)
eURLEIGH was loafing in Phila
delphia, en route to Paris. He had
finished dinner and was moodily
sipping his cordial and smoking a
Turkish cigarette. He felt that he had
mnde a complete ass of himself. He
crJlcd the waiter.
"There Is a train for New York
shortly?"
"At 8:30. sir."
"Here, fix up my bill at the desk and
have some one put my things in a cab."
Burleigh was reflecting on his. to say
the least, idiotic conduct of that after
noon.
To be brief, he had' fallen in love with
a girl whom he had never seen before.
She was pretty, of course, and when she
stepped from her carriage and went past
Burleigh Into Wanamaker's she was ab
solutely unconscious 'of the sudden flutter
In his heart.* . - . '
Poor Burleigh! Like the sleeping Ro
man soldier, who dreams through whole
campaigns, even while the water 13 drop
ping from his dipper, he was building nir
or.ptles of conquests even while shei trip
rrd across the sidewalk before him.
The girl was accompanied by an el
derly lady; possibly her mother, and the
stricken Burleigh followed them Into the
store.
It was difficult to keep sight of them in
this great mass of skeltering shoppers.
They made a few purchases and finally
wont to the art department:
There was a picture, by some French
man, on exhibition, and the girl anil her
mother took a seat and devoutly admired
It. Burleigh got a place where he could
pee the girl, and he devoutly admired her.
His faculties toppled over each other- in
fuippressed admiration. If he could only
booome acquainted with her! Tie was not
entirely unknown in Philadelphia, and
surely he could rake up some mutual ac
quaintance .who would properly present
.him. But while he was languishing in
this one-sided love fever tho, pair left
-the room. Burleigh took after them. He
had an Impulse to accost them .under
some pretext. Fortunately they were too
<;ulck for him. and In a trice they were
again-. In, their carriage, being rapidly
driven away,' and poor., bereft Burleigh'
j-tood watching the . departure f rorh ,; hid
pp«=t'of disadvantage on the sidewalk,
feeling like the man who arrives in time
to see the Pullman special full of other
..Invited -guests and champagne baskets,
etc., pull away from the depot on a di
rectors' junket.
.. Burleigh was resourceful and did not
,hfsitate a second. A, young chap standing
by hls> bicycle was Instantly pressed into
service.
"See. that carriage?" said Burleigh.
i "Yes. sir," said the boy.
g "Wei!, here's my card. I am stopping
bllng hands she unfastened the door and
ran up the avenue. "A man! A man:*
murmured Polly. "Oh. why don't Just
one man come?" But one was coming —
was turning the corner even then. Run
ning up to him, she said, almost breath
lessly:
"Oh. sir, there Is a burglar Inside!"
Without waiting to know more he dis
appeared In the doorway, pulling ofT hid
topcoat.
Then Polly looked up and down the ave
nue for another man. for Jack had not
been strong for weeks; he may need two
men. And now there was another man ap
proaching. She appealed to him In a most
hysterical manner to help catcbj that
burglar. Cigar was hastily thrown aside.
How gallant he was! *ie fairly leaped ti>
her rescue — or rather. Jack's. And there
within six feet of her, Crossing the street,
was an officer. With" high hopes now of
making 1 assurance doubly sure, she ran
across to him.
"Oh, come— come quickly! There Is a
burglar In our house!"
And with that, another patrolman. see-
Ing bis fellow officer start on a run toward
the house, followed him.
"Five men altogether! They have him—
they must have himl" murmured Polly.
How Jack would tell In after days of tha
bravery of his little wife; how proud he
would be of her. These thoughts flitted
through her mind as with bated breath
and wide-open eyes she stood In the hall
below, clinging to the banisters. Strength
was fast leaving her. but she couM hear
the men talklnrc upstairs- and movlr.se
abou* She alone was downstairs, and If
the burglar was driven that way she must
be ready to hold fast to him until help
came.
With eyes fixed on the drawing-room
tains she waited, pprhaps he had cot
down and hidden In there amid the dra
peries. Polly was breathing so hard she
knew he could hear her. And how loudly
her. heart was beating— thump! thump!
thump! He must hear that. He should
not think she was afraid. Oh. no. she was
not frightened: only nervous, only Kv
erything was growing confused: the.l!;rht«
were becoming dimmer and dimmer.
There! the curtains were moving In the
darkened room before^fter—he—must—be
coming. • -
"Polly!" Jack called. "Polly!" and back
to earth and it* dread burglar she tried
to struggle. "Polly, dear, don't call In
any ore else.- It \s orly Jane."
But Polly was In a little heap at the foot
of the stairs, unconscious, and there Jacic
found her rs he and the men came down.
The Joke died away on his lips as ho took;
the slender form up In his arms. Polly's
burglar had been a very real one to her.
and it was nfter the fever had abated and
she was well on the road to recovery ere
she was told, days after, *k>w Jane. thf»
housemaid, whom her mistress thought in
bed fully two hours before, had sat up on
that never-to-be-forgotten night In th«
kitchen below, trying to write a letter tr»
James, her faithful laddie In far off old
England,
for its return. I will call her."
The daughter soon came into the room,
and she thanke.i Burleigh in such a sweet
way that he was simply transported.
"We thought it was particularly unfor
tunate that we haJ lost it just now, as tha
artist, Mr. Som^bye. is to have aa exhibi
tion of his work and wished to Include
this." she paid.
To the bewitched Burlcigh her volco
sounded like tr.e tinkling of silver beils,
and she seemed even more beautiful to
day than when he first saw her. His trip
to Paris he immediately resolved to in
definitely postpone, and he concluded to
stay In Philadelphia until
Well, they had auite a conversation, in
which he succeeded in imparting to her
the Information that lie contemplated
making quite a stay In the city. She lis
tened to him and responded very sweetly,
though, there was no over-enthusiasm on
her side, which, in hi3 enraptured state.*
he failed to notice.
They had talked prouably fifteen or
twenty minutes, and he began t,o think it
was time to leave, and still, with all of
his agility he had not been able to lea-1
up to an invitation to call on her. and hn
feit the pangs of despair. But suddenly
he was again filled with hope, for, of all
men, who In the world should walk into
the room but his old friend' Urumley — "the
man from Pennsylvania"'— his roommrito
at college. Well, there was mutual sur
prise, of course, and Burleigh was heart-
lly welcomed and properly presented a:i
around.
Brumley Invited him to" dinner that
night. Invited him to his club — in fact,
planned excursions and festivities enough
to last a week.
But three nights later, as Eurlelgh pared
the saloon deck of the Campania, far out
at sea. he wished he at least had a enpy
of that miniature — for when the introduc
tions were in order "the man from Penn
sylvania" presented" the girl to him aa
"Mrs. Brumlcy."
HOW : POUY" -CAUGHT THE
BOUD BURGl^.
at the Bellevue. Follow that carriage
and find out where thos« people live and
I will, give you a dollar."
The boy may have be«n suspicious, but
the promised reward fetched him, and .
away ho scurried after the carriage.
Burlelgh slowly walked back to his ho
tel and passed a rather miserable after
noon waiting for the boy. By the time
he had finished his dinner he had arrived
at the conclusion that he was nothing
short of a sentimental milksop. He would
cut short all of this nonsense and go oVter
to New York and take his steamer. The
boy. of bourse; had failed in his mission,
and— well, he was glad of it.
He finished his cordial and cigarette and
the waiter announced that Mr. Burlelgh/3
cab was waiting.
"All right." said -Burleigh with a feel
ins of relief at the idea of., leaving. *
"But," said the waiter, "there's a boy
In the lobby asking to see you, sir."
"Ah!" said Burlelgh. "Here, take him
this money and te.ll him It is all right— he
may go."
The waiter left and the strong-minded
Burleigh felt that he wa3 really a mar
tyr. But the waiter soon returned anil
said the boy was very anxious) to seo
Mr. Burleigh— it was rather Important.
Poor Burleigh! The boy came In. He
had followed the carriage and the people
lived at "No. — Walnut street.
"Ye?." said Burleigh, "you have done
well. You may"—
"But," continued the boy, "as the ladies
were leaving the rarnaee the old one
dropped this," handing Burleigh a small
locket.
"Well," said Burlei&h, "why didn't you
return It to them?" ,
The bright boy hesitated and looked at
Burleigh with a suspicious twinkle In his
eye.
"Well," he said. "I jthoitRht that you
might \\ant to return It yourself."
Burleigh took the locket, the boy's f«-e
was doubled and the waiter was told to
dismiss the cab.
I Well, we have got this far with the"
story, and our hero is busy with all kind3
of reflections as to how "fate had Intend
ed this girl for him" and arguments pro
and con as to the proper thing to do. Of
course, he knew whac was right — a mac
with even primitive gentility would imme
diately call a messeiu-er and send the
locket to Its owner. Burlegh knew this
very well; but all argument with himself
was abruptly cut short and the course
promptly settled by *iis reverently open
lrg the locket. Then debate was futile.
The locket contained a delightful little
miniature of the girl herself.
Then the scheme?, came thlcxt and tost
as to the most feasible way of meeting
the girl. The locket would surely be ad
vertised for in the papers and he might
take it back In person and thus i.ave some
opportunity of advancing his cause; but
they might simply thank him— and then It
would end. Or ho mirrht have a copy
made of the miniature so then if he could
not get the girl he would derive some lit
tle consolation from her picture. *
Anyway, the next day at noon Burleigh
presented himself at No. — Walnut street.
He was a very swell looking chap and
was togged out In the latest things In the
way of clothes. The man at the door was
properly impressed, even if Burleigh did
show some little hesitation in stating hlj
mission.
In a short time the man was on his way
"upstairs with tb,e card and Burleigh waa
nervously awaiting In the parlor the crit
ical .moment. He did not waittlo'ng.
The old lady came the room with
Burleigh's, card In her hand and a dis
interested look on her face that was very
chilling to Burleigh and he bes-an to wish
he had Intrusted this affair to a mes
senger. .-- ,
The lady began: "Mr.— Ah!— Burleigh?"
And Burleigh Instantly started In: "Yes.
madam. They used to say of me that I
was so stupid that I could never find any
¦ thing, but yeayrday I upset all prece
dents by finding a pretty little locket,
which', I judge by the advertisement in
the paper this morning, must belong to
you."
The lady thawed Instantly. "Oh! how
delightful," she said. "How can we ever
sufficiently thank you? My daughter will
be so happy that we have recovered it.
We had Just received it from the artist a
few days ago.".
"It is/ indeed, a very charming minia
ture." • Burleigh ventured to say as he
handed It to her. "And I presume it is a
portrait of your daughter?"
"Yes, and she will want to thank you
.And with a grim Fmile the old miller of
the Eber-thal replaced the stem between
his teeth. ¦ '¦¦¦>
"Why, this nothing but. meal is!" ho.
cried, In tones Indicative of both vexation
and astonishment.
"Ach! forgot I to tell you. They're all
there — every piece of them. But they've*
been through, the mill with the corn."- 7v
Promptness Is. a^virtue of the French.
In precisely thirty minutes from the time
that they had departed they reappeared.
Dismounting, the officer entered the room
where Johann sat smoking and demanded
what had been promised of him. Without
removing his pipe from his mouth the old
man pointed to a sack setting on the
floor. The Frenchman 'seized it. untied
the string and emptied the contents out
'upon the floor.- ;';
the old man, sternly. "I have It promised,
and always KeeptI my word. But, th.x:,
again, shall they not have them." And
with this pnradoxjcal reply the courier
was forced to be content. • •
THE SUNDAY CALL.
19
THE MILLER OF EBER-THAL
MR. BURLEIGHTHE /SUNDAY CAIjIj.
20An ¦ examination showed that she had
been criminally assaulted and stabbed.
Around her heart were wounds caused by
a knife, her throat was cut, her body'was
a mass of bruises and her head was
crushed by being stamped on, as shown
by the. mark of bootheels.
No clew to the identity of the murderer
has yet been discovered. Later details
show that the child had started from
school, in her ; . buggy. The horse and
buggy reached the ranch without the -girl.
About 6 o'clock the searchers found the
girl, thirty yards from the roadside and
in an unconscious condition.
Frost has made a similar offer. Messages
have been sent in every direction on boin
the Union Pacific arid Rock Island roads.
NO MERCY TO BE SHOWN
A LITTLE GIRL'S SLAYER
All th-ePeople of a. Colorado County Are Engaged
in; a Man-Hunt, Aided by Bloodhounds. "
as the result was announced, Rush Tag
gart, counsel for Mr. Gould, announced
that, under instructions from his client,
he would carry the case to the highest
court in the State for the purpose of hav
ing a final, determination of the matter.
• If Mr': Gould adheres to this determina
tion there will be an adjudication In the
Court of Appeals as to the extent to
which testimony may be introduced in re
gard to private events in' the life of any
man in an. action of this character. Wales
F. Severance, counsel for Mowbray was
not at all satisfied with the verdict, whic"\
is looked upon as nothing more than n
compromise, and, has not determined
what step shall be taken, if any. In the
name of his client, who had hoped for a
much larger amount as damages. -
Millionaire Declares His Intention of Appealing the
''-Case to the Court..
NEW TOR K. j Nov. 10.— Howard
Gould does not Intend to abide
by. the verdict of the twelve
Jurors, who ' decided that his
former valet,. Frank: D. Mow
bray, was entitled. to J5000 a,s damages for
breach of contract alleged to have been
made by the young millionaire in the
summer of 1893 to employ him for the rest
of his life at a salary of $80 a month and
his board.
This verdict was reached at 7 o'clock
on Friday night and by direction of the
court, Judge Giegerich presiding, was
sealed until this morning, when the en
velope containing the verdict was opened
in the presenceof the Jurors, counsel and
a large number of spectators; As soon
HOWARD GOULD REFUSES
TO PAY VALET DAMAGES
Special Dispatch »o Thfe Call.
WASHINGTON, D. C. Nov. 10.— The Congress of the United States more than-a
year ago, upon the urgent representations of the Navy Department, authorized
the construction of three sheathed and coppered armored cruisers of the high
est class, but unfortunately so arranged the armor rfjucstion involved as to
prevent anything being -undertaken with the cruisers until the settlement of
thi* question. The Fifty-fifth Congress, realizing the necessity for still further in
creaetng this section of the navy, made provision for three more armored' cruisers.
The delay. in the cruisers first authorized, while imfortunate in a great many. ways,
has been productive of some good in making it possible to arrange (for all six 1 ves
sels—the California, West Virginia, Nebraska, Itfaryiand,. Colorado fend South Da
kota— to be virtually of the same design, the three sheathed' and, coppered being
practically In no other respect different from the other-three vessels of the r same
class unsheathed.
The dimensions of the sheathed ships
are:
Length on load water line 602 feet
Breadth, extreme 70 feet
Trial -displacement, about.: 13.S00 tons
Mean. draft at trial displacement.
about .".......-. 24 ft. 6 inches
Extreme draft at full load, about. 26 ft. 6 Inches
The dimensions of the unsheathed ves
sels are: s - : ..•*-¦
lienRth on load -water line..'..*;..'.'.' '605 f*et
Breadth; ' extreme : -. «3 ft. 6 Inches
Trial ¦displacement, abbut...... ....13,400 tons
Mean draft at trial displacement, •
about 24 ft. 6 Inche*
Extreme draft at full load, about.26 ft. 6 Inches
In order that the vessels may have an effective steaming radius consistent with
their other qualities, provision has been ; made for a total* bunker, capacity of 2000
tons, a figure which Is understood to be materially greater than that of any similar
foreign vessels. The ships will be propelled by twiq screws, four-cylinder triple
expansion engines of 23,000 indicated horsepower. With the power thfis developed
(it is intended that the vessel shall be propelled at a speed of at least 22 knots per
hour.
The armament of each of these vessels will consist of four 8-inch guns, mounted
in pairs in two Hichborn electrically controlled, elliptical, balanced turrets, placed
on the middle line, one forward andone aft. On' the upper deck, at the corners of
the superstructure', there wiir.be four 6-inch; guns, mounted. In sponsons, one In each
corner, and each haying either" a. bow or stern .ftre. There- will be In addition the
gun- deck battery of . ten 6-inch guns forming a broadside,' five on each side., There
will* also be a very formidable secondary' battery of eighteen 3-Inch , breech-loading
rifles, twelve 3-poundcrs, two machine guns and six automatic guns of small caliber.
In the lower top there' will be, two automatic l-pounder», and in the upper military
top a slngle-shol'l-pounder.- In ihese. vessels, a.3 in all others of recent design, there
will be no above water, torpedo tuples, but provision. is made for two submarine tor
pedo tubes located in one compartment forward, fitted for the long 18-inch Whltehead
torpedo. ¦, • . , . . ¦ , ¦ . . , . ' ¦ : -, ' ¦
:- The armored protection of tho vessels will ccnslst of . a water line belt 7 feet 6
inches in width/extending from the bow to the. stern of, the. vessel for n distance of
about 244 feet; abreast of the. engines and boilers this armor will be 6 inches in thick
ness for its upper, edge,, maintaining this thickness -for ''a': distance-' of 4*£ feet down
ward,; from which- point it tapers to 5 inches at its lower edge The belt Is to be
completed to the bow and'sterh by armored plates of a uniform thickness of 3K
Inches. . Above the water line belt the side will be protected for -a length of 232 fet
by a belt 6 Inches in.thlckness. extending from the top of the water line belt to the
main deck. At the ends of this armor there will be armored bulkheads 4 inches in
SnJ ne J V° K° rm J n ,! a K InCl ° 8ed CUadel ° r cascm «t«' within which the ten 6-inch
de?k t m C brOadslde , ba " Cry are mounted. The four 6-inch gunS on the upper
deck, at the corners of the superstructure, .are protected -by 5-inch armor case-
SS^SlVTri 1 ',^ th - 8 -, lnCh ns wlU ° e 6 inches In tWckness wim eV'ch
port plates and- lk-lnch nickel steel tops. The barbettes of the 8-Inch turrets will
have a uniform .thickness of C Inches, and the ammunition tubes, ex ending from thl
turret to the protective deck, will have a uniform thickness of .3 inches lie con
ning tower will be 9 inches in thickness, with a 2-lnch nickel-steel top
THE NEW SHEATHED AND ARMORED CRUISER CALIFORNIA, AS SHE WILL APPEAR. WHEN COMPLETED AND IN COMMISSION DRAWN FROM
THE NEWLY COMPLETED PLANS OF THE NAVY DEPARTMENT WHICH. IN MAKING THEM, HAD IN VIEW THE PRODUCTION OF THE
PERFECTED TYPE OF THE MODERN FIGHTING MACHINE.. . nr, rttuuutiiu^ u* int.
CHAHGED WITH VIOLATING
THE ANTI-TRUST LAW
Attorney General McClurg Files Dec
laration Against Nineteen Cot
ton Oil Mills. ..; '.;¦ ¦";
JACKSON, Miss., Nov. lO.-Attorney
General McClurg to-day filed a declara-
tlon in the Circuit Court charging nine
teen cotton oil mills in the State with
violating the new anti-trust law.
The declaration asks for a' forfeiture of
charter and that the statutory penalty
be Imposed. It also sets . forth that: tha
mills violated the law by entering, into a
combination to control the price of cotton
seed and that this combination also pre-~
vents 'competition among ! insurance com
panies for oil mills and competition among
railroads for hauling the seed. ':",. EHiring the
early, part of the season the: price of the
seed went as high as $20 per ton..
MISSOURI PACIFIC *
TRAIN IS WRECKED
Number of Passengers Reported In
.'.¦; Jured in a Disaster in . • ' :
v./;, ; T. " "Colorado. . ¦, ;
"PUEBLO, Colo.,' Nov. 1L— Missouri Pa'
cine passenger train. No.'. 8, eastward
bound/ which leaves here at 7:20' pS m.,
has been : wrecked at * Sugar City, forty
miles east of Pueblo. Only the most
meager details are obtainable', but ihe re-',
ports . indicate that it is: serious and that
a number of passengers' have been-in
jured.? It Is not yet certain that any were
killed. ' -
METAL- WORKERS MAY - ? '-
FORM A UNION
Will Ask Association for
.. Shorter Hours and Better
Conditions.
WASHINGTON/ Nov. lO.-The closing
session of the representatives of the metal
trade unions was held at the office of the
American Federation of Labor to-day a'nd
a policy, was outlined for the presentation
of -uniform . requests to th» Employers
Metal • Trades Association, which Is -to
meet at New { York | the coming week.
Apart from this an invitation was extend
edto'the metal unions in the country nit
represented at this meeting and It Is ex
pected^ that a metal union will be formcl
in full affiliation with the American Fed
eration 'of Labor,' the purpose being to
secure shorter, hours and Improved condi
tions for. the. workers In the metal trades
the necessity of trade disturb
ances or. strikes and lockouts., •• - •
'.WOULD-BE XYNCHEBS
".:.;; ? , ABE OOKVICTED
William Daniels and, Boss .Johnson
Are Sentenced to Life Imprlson
, ' ; ment at New Orleans. 1
NEW.' ORLEANS/ Nov. 10.— William
Daniels ; and % Ross i Johnson were to-day
convicted of the murder of a deputy Sher
iff ,who was" protecting a negro who as
saulted" a white woman at Lake Charles,
La,, and sentenced ¦ to the State peniten
tiary, for life. This Is the first Instance In
this - State . where • would-be ; lynchers have
been J caught,-; tried ¦ and ' convicted. '
ANARCHIST PLAY IS
STOPPED BY POLICE
Proceeds Were to Have Been Given
to the Wife of Gaeteno
.•i'i' '"-.'' Bresci. - . ' ,.'
NEW YORK, Nov. lO.-The police to
night refused to allow the Italian anar
chists of this city to give' a play entitled
"A Man Without a Country" In the Ger
manla assembly room's on the Bowery,be
cause the Italians had . neglected to get. a
theatrical license.. A ¦ number of :police
men and -"detectives stood at the door of
the assembly rooms and turned away, ail
comers] ¦'¦#•¦ • ¦ - : - ' '
TheXplay was tobe.ln commemoration
of thf/ thirteenth -anniversary of the "Chi
cago martyrs," who were hanged for their
'connection with the Haymarket riot, and
the proceeds from' the ; 35-cent admission
which was to \ have been charged were "to
be given to _ Mrs. Bresci of Paterspn, wife
of Gaeteno Brescl, the assassin of King
Humbert of 'Italy. Mrs. .Bresci and ' her
two. children .were among those j turned
away from the hall. ' „ . . , • • . •'
The anarchists said to-night ' that the
police had been' Interested in the preven-"
tlon of the" play by ' Italian Consul : Bran
ch!. > At .any/rate, 1 Inspector 'Cross' sum
moned • some ; of the anarchist* leaders ; to
his 'office v thls afternoon and ,, told ¦ them
that* they, could not ; give, their, play, ; arid
tha t • if . they tried to ' do ' so ' a' hundred j po
licemen, would be on hand to put a stop to
it.\ The anarchists could but aaquiesce, v and
sopn'after they, placed on the, doorway: of
the hall *a \ notice '. in ! Italian which read :
"At the : last 5 moment .we have \ been 1 pre
vented by the police from giving the play,
:*A Man : Without a Country.' "
KTLXSD AND WOUNDED •
IN THE PHILIPPINES
General MacArthur Cables Another
List of Fatalities From the
Islands.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 10.— The War De-
partment to-day received the following
casualty list from. General MacArthur at |
Manila: -/VVV,
Killed— November 1. Baliuag, Luzon^
Troop H, Fourth Cavalry, Sergeant 'Wil
liam H. Bremmer; November 3, Cebu,
Battery G, Sixth Artillery. Sergeant Ed
ward F. Cleer.
Wounded — November 1, Baliuag, Luzoiu
Troop H, Fourth Cavalry. John H. Rog
ers, In arm, serious; November 5, Pas
quln. Luzon. Company F. Thirty-fourth
Infantry, Thomas Aclln. In buttock, slight;
November 4, O'Donnell, Luzon^ Company
D, Twelfth Infantry. John Price, in' arm,'
moderate; Carl Hennihgs, In eye, i severe:
October 13, Bataan, Luzon, Company' E,
Eighteenth Infantry, Lawrence E. Kel
kenny. In j shoulder, serious; October 7,
Kualbaual, Cebu, Company K, Forty-^
fourth Infantry,- Dough ton S.- Kimball, In
leg and knee; October 21, Balaan, Panay,'
Company D, Twenty-sixth Infantry, Jo
seph Weston, in arm, slight ;. Thomas O.
Gee, In arm, serious; October 10, Mamba
see, Panay, Company • L, Eighteenth In
fantry, Thomas s Noonan, in . back, ; slight;'
September' 11, Sibalon, Panay, Company
A,". Nineteenth Infantry, Corporal Richard
, K. Moffett. In head, slight.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU, .WELLINGTON HOTEL, WASHING
TON, Nov. 10.— Instead of proceeding without delay to Manila,
as originally contemplated by the President, the battleship
Kentucky is loitering In the Mediterranean. Much to the sur
"prise of officers not in the secrets of the Bureau of Naviga
tion, the Kentucky did not continue with dispatch to Port Said,
en route to Manila. . . A list . of the ship's movements Issued
by Rear Admiral Crownlnshleld, chief of the Bureau of Navi
gation, to-day announced that the battleship left Gibraltar for
Algiers, j Officials of the Navy Department Insist that no orders
have been given to the Kentucky to proceed to Turkish waters,
but when asked if It. Is proposed to direct her to proceed to
Smyrna or any other Turkish port, they decline to answer.
As a result of the President's re-election, it is known that
Secretary Hay proposes to adopt a vigorous policy In the mat
ter of. the settlement of the pending questions. The Turkish
Government has, with unfailing regularity, been promising
since last spring to pay the claims for indemnity presented in
behalf of missionaries, but when the time to keep Its promises
has arrived It has evaded them with a skill which Is peculiarly
Turkish. • A proposition was made to pay the claims under
cover "of a contract' for warships to be placed In the United
States, but this was rejected by Secretary Hay. who has In
sisted from . the outset that they be settled in a. manner that
will satisfy the offended dignity of this country.
Officials are convinced that there is only one way of obtain
ing the* indemnity and that is by a naval demonstration. Tho
Kentucky Is the first battleship of the United States that has
ever visited Mediterranean waters and her presence at various
ports will have a good effect on the countries to which they
belong. 'It' Is believed that the moral effect of her presence
In Turkish waters will .do much toward accomplishing a set
tlement of the claims. It is likely that before the battleship
arrives at Algiers a. determination as u> her uae In the Turkish
question* will be reported by the administration.
BIG BATTLESHIP
FOR TURKISH PORTS
LONDON, Nov. 10.— South Africa threatens once more
to absorb public attention in Great Britain. Lord
Salisbury, in his speech at the Inaugural banquet ot
the Lord Mayor In the Guildhall last evening, held
out little hope of immediate pacification, and the- re
turn of Lord Roberts is still problematical and is certainly a
matter of weeks and perhaps months. One of these most seri
ously interested and best Informed as to the future of the bel
ligerent regions when asked by a correspondent what was go
ing to happen and how soon it would happen replied: "Unfor
tunately I am not a minor prophet." ) That voices the Govern
ment attitude. The Ministers have given up speculating as to
when poace will be thoroughly restored," ar.il. to use Lord Sal
isbury's phrase anent China, they are "waiting for the situa
tion to develop Itself."
Generals and regiments are returning, but others are con
stantly leaving to replace them. A recruiting depot is being
established In London to supply 1000 men for General Baden-
Powell's South African' police force and detachments are con
stantly going to Join the regiments in the Transvaal. In re
gard to Lord Salisbury's open references to the possibility ot
Great Britain being taken unawares by some foreign power,
this state of affairs In South Africa does not breed confidence
or contentment. In his Lordship's defense of the War Office
many people believe they saw open threats to Lord Wolseley.
and in the sharp retort to Lord "Wolseley's recent criticisms
Lord Salisbury drew attention to the forced silence in which
Lord Lansdcwne (the late Secretary of State for "War) was
obliged to stand criticism for the faults of the army officers.
He warred his hearers that If the criticism was persisted In
the time might come when his silence would be broken and th»
onus laid heavily and publicly on the light shoulders, though
he deprecated having recourse to that.
A curious feature connected with the war was Mrs. Richard
Chamberlain's vigorous attack on the army hospitals befoii»
the Hospital Commission last week. The spectacle of this
somewhat extraordinary sister-in-law of the Colonial Secretary
sitting two hours before that grave body and teaching a man
like Justice Rohmer his business created no- little sensation.
But for the woman who took out to South Africa 300 hot water
tags and reorganized the charities, and who has the reputation
of being the only individual ever known to affect the Judgment
of the Chamberlain brothers, the task was comparatively light.
Lord Roberts, telegraphing from Johannesburg under data
of November 8. reports to the War Office as follows:
"General Kpox states that he takes no credit for the very
successful engagement of November 6, which was due In th«
first instance to the determination of Le Gallals never to loso
touch with the enemy, and secondly, to the able way in which
Le Gallals handled the firing after Le Gallals and Ross were
wounded. . -
•. "Smith-Dorrien reports that the two days' fighting men
tioned was very hard. His force consisted of 230 mounted
troops from -the Fifth Lancers, his Royal Canadian Dragoons
and mounted' riflta. two .Royal Canadian Artillery guns, four
guns of the Eigljtyvfourth Battery and 300 infantry of the Suf
folk's andgnrooshires.
"The Boers were met soon after starting from Belfast and
hung on the front, flanks and rear until the Komati River was
reached, where they stood at a very strong position. From this
they were forced to retire by a wide turning movement by tho
Suffolksand the Canadian mounted troops around their flank.
All the first day Boer signal fires were lighted in all directions
and before morning they were strongly reinforced.
. , -"Our casualties the first day were six killed and twenty
wounded, chiefly of the Shropehlres, who fought splendidly.
The next day the Boers tried to seize the strong position on,
the bank of the Komati from which they were beaten oat
November 6. but were prevented by Colonel Evan3 with tha
Canadian*mounted troops and two of the Eighty-fourth's guns,
galloping two miles and seizing It In the nick of, time. Th«
rear on the return march was defended by Colonel Lessard
with the Canadian Dragoons and two Royal Canadian guns
under Lieutenant Morrison.
"Smith- Donien says -no praise can b« too high for th« de
voted gallantry these troops showed In keeping oft the) enemy
from the Infantry convoys.
"In the afternoon «n event unprecedented In this war oc
curred, ¦ when some j 200 mounted Eo*rs suddenly charged ths
rear guard to within seventy yards, when they were stopped
by the. Canadian Dragoons. During the fight sixteen Canadians
fell into the hands of the enemy, who treated them kindly and
released them after removing their own dead and wounded,
during which operation the Canadians were compelled to lla
on their faces in order that they might not see how heavily
the Boers had suffered. Our casualties were two killed and
twelve wounded." . . ..
SOUTHAMPTON. Nov. 10.-This dty was in gala attins to
day and thousands of visitors from London and elsewhere par
ticipated In the ceremony of conferring the freedom of the city
upon General Buller. " A civic and military escort led th© way
to the scene. General Butler's carriage was deluged with flow
ers. Lady Buller accompanied General Buller. Replying to th<%
address on the ' presentation of the freedom of th© city, th*
general exhibited great emotion and arraigned his critics vig
orously. He declared "that when the history of the war was
fairly written It. would be found that the British army ra. South
Africa had ' confronted "difficulties far greater than any army
operating against; an equally civilized enemy had ever previ
ously- experienced. He cited the Boers' superior range of
vision and familiarity with the Kaffir language and country.
On his arrival- at Aldershot General Buller will be- received
by Major. General Sir William Francis Butler, In command of
the district, and other dignitaries.
British Generals and Troops
Return, but Fresh Men Go
Forth to Fight the Boers
NO IMMEDIATE
PACIFICATION OF
SOUTH AFRICA
ENGULFED WITH
FORTY OF CREW
AND PASSENGERS
Among the Roeks and Shoals
Near the Bay of Fundy
Steamer Montieello Sinks.
H-'I.TKAX. N. S.. Nov. 30.— Among the rocks and
i-honls at the entrance of the Bay of Fundy this
morning the sidevheoltr City of Montlcello. bound
from Pi. Johns for Yarmouth, was overwhelmed by
the mountainous peas only four miles from her des
tination nnd meulfed wit.1 forty of hrr passengers and crew.
A h«_avy jral*> wa«= racing at th* time and there was a tre
mendous, sea. The Momice'.lo carried full freight and a fairly
largo i>a,?Pt-ngpr list. /
Just before she foundered nn attempt was made to reach
tb«B land in a small boat in charge of the ouartermaster an.l
Thir.? Officer Fleming, Stewardess Kate Smith and three pas
rxngen. This boat vaf smashed by a huge comber, the occu
l»;mts r>cinj? hurled h;gh upon the beach at Pembroke uninjured.
It Ik believed they are the c-r.ly survivors.
The officers and men lo^t on th? Montlcello were:
CAPTAIN T. M. HARDING, Yarmouth.
H. D. NEWELL, first officer, of Sable Inland.
N. MUBPHT, second officer, Yarmouth. N. S.
B. M. HILTON, purser. Yarmouth. N. S.
CHARLES OREIO. chiof engineer, Halifax.
HKRIJERT POOLE, second engineer.
WYN'XK BINGEU. oiler, Yarmouth.
ROBERT DOrCKTTE, oiler, Yarmouth.
JAMES COLE, ireman. Yarmouth.
fiAMl'EL GLOUCESTER, flreman, Lockport, N. S.
S\\*EN JOHNSON, seaman. Yarmouth.
K. C. HOPKINS, Pteward of the steamer Yarmouth
BEECHER HOI'KINS, waiter. Barringtcn, N. S.
LEVI NICKEBSON. waiter. ShaUr.g Harbor.
AUSTIN GABLE, waiter. Sable Island.
WALTER CUNNINGHAM, waiter, Cape Sable.
ISAAC VAN EMBERG, JR., cook.
IVAN JOHNSON, quartermaster, Yarmouth.
STANLEY \Y. KINGEit. deckhand. Yarmouth.
SAMTEL SCRETT, deckhand. L< ckport.
JAXfKS DUNN, deckhand, Yarmouth.
ROBKRT NICKERSON. deckhand. Yarmouth,
JOHN BURKE, fireman. St. Johns.
GEORGE MORSE, fireman. Yarmouth.
The City of Monti cello was used in the coastwise service
between Halifax, Yarmouth and St. Johns and was due here
to-morrow morning. Sne was an iron sidetvheel boat of about
10O0 tons gross and was commanded by Captain Harding of
Yaironuth, where most of her crew belongs.
She was formerly called the City of Norfolk and was built
at "Wilmington. Del., in lSfi6. She was valued at (35.000. The
vessel had l>een rebuilt within the last fifteen years, but was
not regarded as safe in exceptionally heavy seas. .Those saved
eo far as known are: Wilson Cook, quartermaster, of Halifax:
Kete Smith, stewardess; Captain A. H. Smith of the Battle line
steamer Pharsarlia, passenger; Third Officer Fleming; A. S.
Eldridge. merchant, of Yarmouth; Miss Elsie McDonald of
Yarmouth, passenger. ¦
The cth«~T Dassencers were:
Rupert Olive of St. Johns, purser of the Dominion Atlantic
ftfamer James Edward: Mrs. Edwards of Yarmouth and two
children; John C Fripp of Woodstock, N. B.; O- Vc. Coleman
of New Glasgow, N. S., and John Richmond of Sussex. N. B.,
the last three being commercial travelers. The list of dead in
cludes many well known navigators.
Captain Ncrman Smith, one of the survivors, wan the first
to bring the news of the disaster to Yarmouth from Pem
broke, where he landed. He gave the following statement:
"The steamer Montlcello left St. Johns Friday morning at
11:15. The wind was blowing heavily at the time, but was not
eo strong as to cause any alarm. The, storm became heavier,
however, and after the steamer had passed Pelilo Passage It
was feared ehe was doomed,
"About 11 o'clock, when about four miles off Chegogyn
Point, it wag decided to send the women ashore in the boat.
and J. M. Fleming, third offlcer:*wnson Cook, acting quarter
master; Nemiah Murphy, second officer, and Captain Smith
volunteered to take them ashore. The women numbered three—
Elsie McDonald, aged 15, daughter of Alexander McDonald of
Yarmouth; Kate Smith of Yarmouth, stewardess, and a col
ored girl, whose name I did not know.
"The women were got into the boat with' great difficulty.
the volunteers following and getting the boat away. The wind"
¦was Mowing inshore at the time and the boat was carried rap
idly toward the land. , : .
"When the boat got away they were preparing on board to
launch another, but I don't think It got away. I think all. the
r**t were lost. The first boat was rapidly driven ashore near
Pembroke, and on nearlng the land a gigantic wave struck it
and threw It upon the shore, smashing It to atoms. I found
myself on the beach, holding on to the grass."
SIX THOUSAND ARE
KILLED IN BATTLE
Rebels in Southern China Fight in
Vain r Against Imperial Troops.
Consul Coodnow of Shanghai has made a summary of
Boxer outrages, showing that ninety-three Americans and
British missionaries were murdered and 170 other missionaries
in Shansi and Chill are missing.
A battle was fought at Tsangtsou on the Shantung-Chill
border on October 17 between imperial troops and Boxers.
General Yuan's troops numbered 8000 and the Boxers 12.000
Two thousand men were left to guard Tsangchou, and General
Mel. In charge of the imperial troops, gave battle outside. The
battle lasted all day and resulted in the defeat of the Boxers
with great loss. Their leader. Chen, refused to retreat, and
when the fight was lost fought with 300 desperadoes In a ravine
until ell were killed. His head was taken and hung on the
walls of the city. Six thousand rebels were killed.
VICTORIA. B. C. Nov. . lO.-News was received by the
steamship Victoria of the outbreak of the serious rebellion in
South China, The Triads have broken out. in Kwangsl and
Marshal Su. commander in chief of the imperial forces. Is' ask
ing for 30,000 men to suppress them.. T)*j British have dis
patched infantry and artillery to guard the Kowloon frontier
When the torpedo-boat destroyer Handy was landing men she
encountered a force of rebels and threw shells among them as
they advanced on Sanchuan. routing them and killing forty.
A strong force of Kwangsl rebels, marching to Join the
KwangEing rebels, met and defeated the Imperial troops near
Kuangning and captured the city.
Great preparations, fort building, mine laying and drilling
of troope. were going on In affected provinces.
SCHOONER SINKS,
SIX LIVES LOST
BOSTON. Nov. 10.— The three-masted schooner Myra B.
Weaver was wrecked in Vineyard Sound early to-day and six
lives were"lost. The nama of the dead: j
CAPTAIN VAKXAMAN, Philadelphia.
STEWARD WILUA1I PETERSON of New Orleans.
CHARLES MAGNUSSEN of Bergen, Norway. .
JOHN HEGEMAN of Finland.
MISS MARY EMERSON, aped 23. of Mobile."
MISS ELLA DAE, aged 25. of Mobile.
Mies Emerson was a sister-in-law of the captain*
PLANS FOR ARMORED CRUISER CALIFORNIA
CONTEMPLATE HIGHEST FIGHTING QUALITIES
WITH SPEED SUPERIOR TO ANYTHING AFLOAT
Naval Namesake of the 'Golden State Is One of' a Half Dozen Vessels De
signed to Surpass the Greatest Achievements of Foreign; Powers and
Maintain the Glory, of Unele Sam Undiminished On the Seas.
SAN . FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 11, 1900— FORTY- PAGES. '
PRICE FIVE CEXTS.
VOLUME LXXXTm-NO; 164.
1 Pages 21 to 30 f
LIMON,, Colo., Nov. ,10.— The as
sault and murder yesterday of
little Louise Frost, the eleven
year-old daughter of R.'.,W.
Frost, a ranchman living three
miles south of here, has aroused the entire
county. Every man and boy has been
pressed Into service and every' possible
hiding place Is being thoroughly searcheu.
Bloodhoijnds from the Canyon TCity Pen
itentiary have been.put,on the trail ot
the assailant of .the little girl and he may
expect nothing but . death by lynching
when found.
> Sheriff Froman of Lincoln County ho3
offered a reward of $500 for the capture of
the murderer, , dead or alive, and Mr.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
Pages 21 to 30FAT.T.S FROM A WINDWILL.
St. Helena Carpenter Receives Injur-
ies Which Cause Death.
ST. HELENA. Nov. 10.— S. N. Harrison,
a carpenter of this place, died last even
ing from Injuries received by falling from
a windmill yesterday afternoon. Mr. Har
rison with others was engaged in placing
a new wheel on a windmill at the Pellet
place. When the work was nearly com
pleted and the timbers were being: re
moved Mr. Harrison, who was at the edge
of the platform pushing one of the heavy
pieces out of the way. fell from the plat
form to the ground, a distance of forty
feet, striking the top of an open door at
the ground floor. He sustained Internal
Injuries. Mr. Harrison is survived by a
widow and four children.
COMPLETE : DEFEAT , .
OF COLOMBIAN REBELS
suit of -the Fleeing Remnant
of the Army.
Government Forces Are in Hot Pur-
COLON, Colombia, Nov. 10, via Galves
ton, Tex. — Advices have been received
here announcing, the complete defeat of
the rebel forces at Buenaventura. The
Government forces, it is added, are In hot
pursuit of the rebels, who are said to be
burning villages while retreating.
Von Mittnacht Resigns.
WURTEMBERG, Nov. 10.— Baron vou
Mlttnacht. the president of th« » Council
of State and Minister of - Foreign Affair*,
etc., has resigned the Foreign Office port
folio on account of 111 health. He has been
Bucceeded" by BaroA von Soden, chief 'of
the. King's Cabinet.
FIRE YET BURNS IN".
IRON MOUNTAIN" MINE
Experts Predict That the Conflagra
tion Will Exhaust Itself
Within a Week.
REDDING, Nov. 10.— The great body of
sulphide ore in \ the Peck tunnel of the
Iron Mountain mine Is still smoldering.
No one can determine the length of tlme^
that will be occupied in consuming the
inflammable portion. Miners who ,have
witnessed the burning out of copper prop
erties in Montana say it will not be long.
They contend that the ore itself, on which
the fire depends, Is of unusually, compact
formation. There are blocks of it out
lined In the Peck tunnel as large as ordi
nary city blocks, Jn which there is not one
crack and on which the fire will be un
able to make any Impression. .They pre
dict the termination of the fire within a
week.'- ¦¦ ¦¦* ¦'¦"¦-'¦"¦• ¦'"!.. ; .-.
k While the ore is smoldering and smok
ing In the mountain above them, the min
ers are working in full force In the lower
drifts. • • ¦
Suit Against Flume Company.
,'SAN DIEGO, Nov. 10.— Suit was com
menced to-day by E. A. Riail. as at
torney for a number of ranchers In El
Cajon Vajley and about La Mesa ami
Lemon Cirove. against 2 the San ; Diego
Flume ; Company; to restrain It from dis
posing of water from , the , reservoir at
Cuyamaca to persons other than them
selves after the water in the reservoir
falls below a certain level. It is alleged
that, the flume company has been dispos
ing of water to San- Diego city, after It
had less than enough to supply the ranch
ers with whom it Bad contracts. ¦.
SECRETARY GAGE HAS NO
INTENTION OF RESIGNING
Only Cabinet Change Imminent j ls Retire
ment of Attorney General Griggs.
. •
Special Dispatch to The Call.
•wishes of the members of the Cabinet
themselves. That . there will be some
changes about -the time of the beginning
of the '' new term or even sooner is very
probable. Attorney General Grlgg3, it is
understood, -will probably resign to re
sume his private law practice and private
business and personal reasons may lead to
the resignation of Secretary 61 the Navy
Long, though there is no member of the
Cabinet whose resignation the Presidert
¦would accept with more regret than that
of his Secretary of the Navy. If the Presi
dent's wishes are followed Secretary of
State Hay will remain in the Cabinet until
the end of the second term, and that he
will -remain for the: present is assured.
What he may «lq in the future may de
pend largely upon his health. If he should
retire it is popsible that Postmaster Gen
eral Smith might succeed him.
As matters stand now the only change
In the Cabinet that can be predicted with
any degree of certainty is the retirement
of Attorney General Grigga. No predic
tion can yet be made as to his successor, 1
though it ls understood that the Presi
dent would be very glad to have Secre
tary of War Root accept the Attorney
General's portfolio. Mr. Root is very
much Interested in- his work as Secretary
of War. however, and might not wish to
change.
CALL BUREAU, WELLINGTON HO- [
TEL, WASHINGTON, Nov. 10.— There is
no foundation for the report printed in
New York this afternoon that Secretary
of the Treasury Gage is to resign his
seat in the Cabinet in the near future and
is to be succeeded by Comptroller of the
Currency Dawes. It can be authorita
tively stated that Secretary Gage wjll re
main at the head of the Treasury Depart
ment at least until the beginning of Mc-
Kinley's second term and there ls every
probability that he will stay longer. Ho
has no present Intention of resigning and
the President would very much dislike to
have him" go. Mr. Dawes will remain m
his present . place, probably for the first
two vears of the new administration,
though it is probable lhat if the Republi
cans carry the Illinois Legislature in 1S02
ne will be elected to the United States
Senate to succeed Senator Mason. .
President McKinley's attitude toward
possible changes in his Cabinet was inui
cated by his statement to a close politi
cal friend that he would be very happy to
have every member of his Cabinet re
main In office. This being the case the
question of whether there will be changes
in the personnel of the President's offi
cial family will depend on the- personal
the right man and wants to get the re
ward away from him.
Other operatives of the Grannan agency
have located Dunham at Round Brook. N.
J.. and at Ellzabethtown. Term. »
Sheriff Langford takes little stock la
their claims, but th© Hawkshaws hav»
been mailed pictures and descriptions ot
Dunham. _ '
Up to this evening no word had been
received from tho authorities at Brazil.
Ind., In regard to the arrest of the sus
pect there. Sheriff Langford is eagerly
waiting news on the BiJbJect. The officers
there had never communicated with the
Sheriff In regard to making an arrest.
Will Call on President
•WASHINGTON. Nov. 10. — Admiral
Richard, of the French fleet In American
waters, will arrive in Washington to-mc-r
row nisrht or Monday, and with tho offi
cers or his staff will make official call*
on the President, the Cabinet officers and
Admiral Dewey.
BERLIN, Nov. 10.— Lord' Sails- I
bury's Guildhall speech is com
mented on favorably by the
German press, especially the
passage anent the Anglo-Ger
man agreement, in which inferentiaily
Great Britain's pro-German sentiments j
are divulged. The British Premier's army |
reform references likewise meet with ap- t
proval and the hope is expressed that the
reform will be thorough. The passage '
touching upon the . United States was i
passed over Eilently by a majority of the !
papers. i
Interest in China i3 decidedly waning. j
This may be seen everywhere, in the press j
and in conversation.
Interest just now centers in the Reich
stag opening next week, which will be
particularly solemn. At noon, in the Rit
tersal of Berlin Castle, Wednesday, previ
ous thereto, there will be a divine ser
vice, both Catholic and Protestant. The j
press generally calls attention to the inr ]
portance of the forthcoming session whose '
ilrst part will deal with the Chinese pjl- :
icy. the Emperor's and the Government's !
hitherto comprehensive measures, includ-
Ing the creation of a rpecial China army, ;
which the Liberal press has been pointing i
to as unconstitutional. Furthermore, the
Reichstag will deal with the Posadowsky- '
Bueck matter, which will arouse heated
debates. The budget and bills referring
to Insurance companies, publishers' right.*, I
commerce and marine will also receive
attention. The Center party will again in
troduce a bill providing for the recall of
the Jesuits. The eecond part of the ses
sion of the Reichstag will probably not
begin before April. The first work win
be a revision of the tariff and a renewal
of the commercial treaties, on the prepar
atory work of which the Government
departments are still rar behind. Never
thelpss, agitation on the whole subject is
carried on vigorously throughout Ger
many, including the entire press and in
the Chamber of Commerce.
The Central Bureau for the preparation
of commercial .treaties to-day submitted
to Count von Bulow, the Imperial Chan
cellor, a very powerful Memorial, proving
the inadvisability of establishing maxi
mum and minimum tariffs.
The correspondent asked Dr. von Holle
ben, the German PJmbassador to the
Lnited States, who will sail for New York
rjovember 13. some questions regarding
the Crerman- American commercial treaty
Dr. van Holleben said:
x« T A e . W0 L k ls stlU b f lng done in the
Ministries here, but nothing can be said
en the subject because nothing tangible
has been accomplished and nobody knows
what the results will be."
The correspondent got a similar reply
from the United States Embassador. An
drew D. White.
The press Is still devoting considerable
space to the results of the election in the
Lnited States. Dr. Bath, in to-day's
Nation, and Profe ssor von Halle, In the
\\oche. publishes critical articles thereon.
The \ osslsche Zeitung to-day expreBses
pessimistic opinions regarding further de
yekjpments m Cuba, Porto Rico and the
Philippines. ¦ ; ,
The/oBt expre«»?es astonishment at the
alleged fact that the United States intends
to discontinue building torpedo boats,
the German naval authorities con
tinue to consider a valuable agencv in
naval warfare. • '
The National Zeitunx to-duv thoroughly
discusses the United States CongreHBlonal
projects for a Central American canal and
an increase of the United States navy,
classing both projects an being of im
mense interest to Germany. Thepap^r
also condemns the United States' alleged
intention to discontinue the building of
torpedo-boats. In apite of the North Ger
man Gazette's semi-official statement that
the German press, regardless of parly, re
ceived most favorably the news of Presi
dent McKinley's re-election, the truth in
that a large part of the press 1m com
menting hostilely and venomously on tiir
result. Jt is significant, for instance, that
the Cologne Volks Zeitung, the leading
organ of the Center party, which dom
inates the Reichstag, continues the mo?t
bitter comments, deploring President Mc-
Kinley's re-election as likely to re-engen
der in Washington a policy" unfriendly to
Germany. '\
The Sternberg trial Is still proceeding.
The press, in commenting on the Berlin
criminal police corruption, calls attention
to the extremely low salaries paid them,
high officials receiving barely $1000 to $200>j
yearly.
The latest reports show that the Offen
bach disaster was caused by the inat
tention of a switchman. The number of
dead is now twenty-one and 'thirty per
sons were seriously injured.
The correspondent learns on- reliable au
thority that Germany's negotiations with
the Turkish Government on the subject
of a coaling station at Farsan ate still
pending, but are likely to result favorably.
Count von Zuppelin In Berlin ls trying
to get the War Department to purchase
his airship, but up to the present time he
has failed, the department taking the
view that the airship is not yet available
for practical army purposes.
Emperor William's barber, ¦ Francois
Haby, the Inventor of his Majesty's style
of mustache, recently ventured to remark
"What does your Majesty think of
China?"
This so ruffled the Emperor's temper
that, taking Haby by the ear. he escorted
the barber from his chamber. The Inci
dent has been laughed at throughout Ber
lin.
It was announced May last that it was
frequently remarked during the festivi
ties that his Majesty's mustache was no
longer "turned upward eo fiercely as for
merly, but was worn at an angle of 45 de
grees only, with the ends no longer
spreading out proudly."
It was added that it ww a fact that the
Emperor had abandoned his former fash
ion of wearing his mustache, although all
male Germany adhered to it, one reason
being the dismissal of Haby, who had
"become impudent and had. presumed to
trade upon his alleged friendly relations
with tho*Emperor."
Lord Salisbury's Guildhall
Speech Is Commented On
Most Favorably by
Berlin Press.
GERMANS ARE
PLEASED WITH
THE PREMIER
BY CABLE TO THE CALL.
PASSING OF A
NOTED SPORT
AND POTENTATE
Death Claims an Indian Rnler
Who Became a Great
Favorite Among the
British.
PEARY RESENTS
THE INTRUSION
OF SVORDRUP
American Lieutenant Inclined
to Consider Frozen Ground
His Own for Exploring
Purposes.
» f
EDINBURGH. Nov. 10.— It now
transpires that Dr. Leopold
Karm is the only. member of his>
party of Arctic scientists who
arrived at Dundee yesterday on
the whaler Ec'ispe from Davis Strait. Dr.
Robert Stein cf the United States Geo
logical Survey, decided at the eleventh
hour not to come to Scotland, but to await
the first opportunity of boirg landed on
the American side. Samuel Warmbath ot
Boston preferred to remain at Cape Sa
bine for a time.
In an interview to-day Dr. Kann gave
some Interesting deiails regarding the
Peary and Svordrup expeditions.
"Lieutenant Peary's party," he said,
"passed the winter at Etah, on Smiths
Sound, near the spot where Dr. Hays had
his winter quarters in 1&G0. and not far
from the Kcene of the Grct-ly disaster.' In
February and March of this year Fort
Magnesia, our winter house at Bedford,
on Pyra Island, was thrice visited by. the
members of his expedition. On the flre=t
occasion Mr. Har.sen's party came, on the
second a party under Dr. Diedench ana
later Lieutenant Peary himself. In com
mand of a slc-djrir.g party. He reported
that about ten months previously he had
met Svordrup in theKane Basin, north, of
Smiths Sound. From tho conversation I
elicited that seme feeling nad been en
gendered betwetn Lieutenant Peary and
Svordrup, tho former rather resenting
what he considered the latter's intrusion
Into ground which, for exploring purposes.
the American was inclined to regurd as
his own. . •
•'Svordrup'!? party had thoroughly ex
plored the E2!e?mere Hinterland, mapping
out a region that was hitherto a blank oa
the charts. Many of Svordrup's flags
•were seen by us.
"When the Peary and Svordrup parties
separated Svordrup's understood intention
•wae to explore the vast area of lar.d ami
water in and around Jones Sound, lx-yond
Cape Eden. 1 believe Svordrup. on the
Fraxn. is now wintering in Jones Sound
end my opinion, which is backed by that
of the Dundee whalers, is that it will be
impossible for the Fram to come home
this year. The autumn hat, been very
tempestuous and the ice was such as to
render navigation next to impossible.
"Lieutenant Peary had 'JX> dogs and
twenty-seven pledges, but. having under
rated the difficulties of the journey an3
not having a sufficiency of food, most oi
his dogs died. He kept only a few natives
at Fort Conger during the summer sp-a*on
e.nd the rest of the Esquimaux with Lieu
tenant Peary returned to the settlement
In a few days, so that the journey was
txtremely arduous and the party suffered
gr^at hardships.
"I am certain that Lieutenant Peary is
now wintering- at Fort Conger. When I
left Cape York, on the Eclipse, June 9,
the Windward was expected . to touch
there about the middle of July, where
orders from Lieutenant Peary, which I
had brought, were left with the Esqui
maux.
"Dr. Stein and myself discovered a mel
ancholy record of the Svordrup expedition
near Fort Magnesia, in the grave of Dr.
Svenfisden. with the inscription, 'Died
June 9, !>¦&&,* which -was nearly two months
Tnree Fishermen Drowned.
SPANISH-AMERICAN
CONGRESS MAY FAIL
Very Few Delegates Have as Yet Put
In an Appearance at
Madrid.
MADRID. Not. 10.— Many of the dele
rates to the Spanish-Ameriojui Congress
have- cot yet arrived here. Cul»a and Porto
"Rico are not represented o.fflcially, al
though private corporations have sent
del*- pates.
The non-arrival of many of the dele
gates bus inspired f«ar that the congress
will be a "fizzle." The Liberal sounds a
note of alarm, and urge? the congress to
¦work earnestly to secur" fie unitv of
aJl the Latin people of America, adding-:
"For if the labors of the congress me
abortive, the result will -be to the advan
tage of the United States."
S-oecial Makes Good Time.
MONTREAL. Nov. 10.— Lord Strath
cona'e fpeclal train en, the Canadian Pa
dflc from • Montreal • to Ottawa to-day
made the distance, 112 tniles, in 110 min
utes, leaving here at 6:37 a. m. and reach-
Ottawa at 10 :27. The run was made in a
heavy snowstorm, and deducting 10 min
utes for stoppapes and slowdowns, the
actual running time was 100 minutes for
the U2 nines. : •. ¦• •
SOUTHAMPTON.. Nov. 10.— Three fish
«rmen—Peter Devfne, Frank Pope and
George Varey — went out on Thursday
morning to lift some nets. They were
caught in the etorm, their boat upset and
all were drowned. , .
LONDOX. Nov. 10.— The death of
the Maharajah of Patialia at
Simla November 8 removes one
of the the best and most Inter
esting products of Anglo-Indian
rule. He was the first reigning Prince to
blend the elements of the English gentle
man and Indian potentate. Educated at
Cambridge, he returned to India and put
in force in his rich kingdom the reforms
which he had carefully absorbed in Eng
land, endowing free hospitals for women,
ostablishing orphanages, drilling troops,
sending them to help a British expedition
and leading them personally. It was one
of his keenest disappointments not to be
allowed to serve in South Africa. But he
was not only a just and enlightened ruler.
He became the best polo player in India,
was a fearless r!der,. a dead shot, was sec
end only • to Ranjitsinjb.1 at cricket and
was one of the finest amateur billiardlsts
of the day. The deceased was a close
friend of Lord William Beresford, Lord
Roberts and other well-known people. He
was passionately fond of horses and Im
ported a splendid stud and an Irish ex
pert named Bryan to be master of
horse at Patialia. With Bryan went his
daughter, and the Prince fell desperately
in love with her, proposed and was ac
cepted.
.The Sikhs murmured and threatened re
volt and the Imperial Government, dread-
Ing evil, resolved to break off the match.
But Great Britain and his. own, subjects
were outwitted and eventually appeased,
the bride embracing the Sikh faith. Her
reign was short. Accompanying her hus
band during a campaign In the Icy
Himalayas, she died of pneumonia. At
the head of his silent army the Prince
brought the body back hundreds of miles
to Patiala. where the remains were cre
mated with the Sikh rites, which this
week were accorded to himself.
The determination of the American steel
manufacturers to invade these markets
is not apparently bothering the English
trade to any great extent, judging frqm
the opinions of the master cutler of Shef
field, the head of one of the greatest steel
organizations in the country, who said
to a correspondent:
"I do not believe American trade in
steel rails in England will amount to
much. Every manufacturer gets a cer
tain surplus which, if he can find a mar
ket, can make a clear profit. We are get
ting the American surplus and believe
they are selling cheaper than in their
own country. When such competition
becomes serious it will be necessary for
the American manufacturers to devote
more than their surplus to the market.
When t!,£y do I believe they will find they
cannot 'beat us in prices or quality on our
own '^Tound. Business here is as good
as «jver and promises to remain so. 1
¦cannot say we have yet felt the pinch of
AvnerlcaTi rivalry."; ' ' • ,' * "
/Mr. Thornycroft, the English torpedo
boat builder, has been expressing inter
esting opinion on submarine boats. He
does not believe it necessary for Great
Britain to build submarine boats, even if
the experiments of other nations have
been quite successful. He is certainly
studying the problem of devising a sub
marine destroyer, should It ever be neces
sary. He regards the American sub
marine boat as the best type yet made.
But he doubts its efficacy, even for har
bor defense.
."A shell dropped in the neighborhood of
a submarine boat." said Mr. Thornycroft.
"and exploded either level -with or below
!t would afford sufficient shock to crumple
up the boat. Possession of a submarine
boat of our own will not help you tb find
an enemy. They are at present of too
limited range and insufficient propelling
power to be really a perlous factor, and
the unsatisfied problem of keeping a level
keel under water is yet io be solved. If I
ever have to go under water with a sub
marine boat I will prefer to sit outside."
In spite of the pessimism of Mr. Thorny
croft the Admiralty has at last decided to
grant a submarine boat, designed by a
Howard of Tasmania, an official trial.
One of the most interesting- house par
ties of the -week was that of Lady Fermer-
Hesketh (formerly Miss Florence Sharon
of San Francisco), who entertained,
among others, Lord and Lady William
Beresford.
Among those returning to the United
States is Mrs. Mackay.
A novel feature of the Lord, Mayor's
banquet was the appearance of the
Mayors of newly created boroughs of Lon
don. The titles sounded strange, but the
Idea seems to meet with g-eneral approval.
Among the new Mayors of London are
two Dukes, one Earl, four members of the
House of Commons and two Knights. The
Duke of Norfolk was elected first Mayor
of Westminster. Earl Cardigan Mayor of
Chrlsea and the Duke of Bedford Mayor
of Holborn. With such aristocratic heads
the new City Hall may. It is believed, bid
fair to rival the Mansion House.
PEKING, Nov. 9.— The Chinese Peace
Commissioners, having urged the Dowager '
Empress ¦ to execute immediately Yu
Hsuen, Governor- of Shensi Province, and
General Tung Fuh Slang, as proof of the
good intentions of the Government to pun
ish adequately those officials who art
most responsible" for* the anti-foreign atro
cities, a reply has come from the court
that the utmost sentence for Yu Hsuen
will be banishment and that as the couri
is now. in the power of Tung Fuh Siang's
troops. It Is impossible to punish Tung
Fuh Slang at all. It will require firm
pressure from the powers to secure* the
punishment of these two detestable crim
inals, but rebellion now raging in the
south, having for Its declared purpose the
expulsion of the Manchu dynasty and the.
establishment of one purely Chinese, will
soon compel the* Dowager to yield to all'
the .demands of "the powers' and make
peace with the "foreign devil" to escape
the deep sea of revolution in the empire.
Although the Ministers allirm that their
meeting was perfectly harmonious, th<^y
practically agreeing upon all the questions
egnsidered, they have not yet proceeded
beyond the most elementary, subjects. The
question or Indemnity, tor instance, was
not even discussed. It is of such magni
tude that they seemingly are desirous oi
putting off its consideration as long as
! possible and the negotiations are Uitcly.
i to be greatly protracted before unythinR
I will be ready to present to the Chinese
plenipotentiaries. The present desires of
the Ministers is tlrst to contract a prelim
inary treaty acknowledging a. few princi
ples, such as indemnities and the securi
ties for the future of the lives and prop
i erty of foreigners, leaving the other
questions to be negotiated separately by
each power. There is every probability
that the negotiations will last for years.
, . ! The best informed persons do not believe
the Chinese* court will return to the capi
tal while any foreign troops remain in
Peking.
HONGKONG-. Nov. 10.— The Canton pa
pers report the execution of Chu, a prom
inent leader of tho Triads, and the arrest
• of Young Houng Po, a prominent re-
I former. The officials are doing their ut-
I most to stamp out the reform movement.
TIENTSIN, Friday, Nov. 9-Asa result
of the British representations to the tit.
I Petersburg Government, Russia is offi
cially handing over the railway to Peking
' to Count von AValdersee, who will give It
i up to the British owmrs. . '¦
Belgium also has annexed land for a
foreign settlement.
¦ PARIS,- Nov; 10— General Bailloud, com
manding the French torces in China, an
nounces in a dispatch received here to
night that a serious- Boxer ¦ move merit is
reported south of Pao Ting-Fu.. He re
ports that the French troops attacked an
internched village on October 30 and drove
out the Boxers, despite the latter's artil
lery. Three Frenchmen were killed and
several wounded. •
WASHINGTON, Nov. 10.— In, order to
expedite the conclusion ¦ of the negotia
tions In progress at Peking. Secretary
j Hay has sent instructions to Mr. Conger,
authorizing him to make concession^ not
affecting the maintenance of the inttprity
of China and the "open door."" 5 '
Delay; it is believed by the administra
tion, will give rise to developments Which
may be seized upon by the foreign pow
ers as pretexts for the dismemberment of
China. As stated in Tho Call thla morn
ing the Secretary has made representa
tions to foreign governments urging them
to Instruct their representatives in .Peklns
to make concessions which will enable an
agreement to be promptly reached. The
| Secretary has put into practice what he
i has preached, and Mr. Conger, in a mem
i orandum he will present to the diplomatic
I corps at a meeting to be held to-morrow,
will show conclusively that the United
States is willing to make concessions
wh«*re they do not injuriously affect the
principles of the integrity of Ch|na and
! the "open door," for which this country
has always contended.
The meeting to be held to-morrow will
be important in demonstrating whether
any of the powers are purposely delaying
a satisfactory solution.
A suspicion has arisen that this is the
case, but there is no proof, and it may
either be confirmed or dissipated by the
results of to-morrow's session. It is un
derstood here that the diplomats In Peking
! are acting 1 in accordance with instructions
I sent them by their governments, and the
! latter and not the Ministers are rc?ponsi
j ble for the delay. The character of the
instructions sent to Mr. Conger has not
been made public, the State Department
going on <the theory that it would be in
advisable to do bo at this time. It is
known, however, that if the remainder of
the diplomatic corps insists upon the de
capitation of Prince Tuan Mr. Conger v.-iil
{ agree to it in order to bring about fin end
' to a discussion of this feature of the ne
| gotiations. Other concessions of a like
I nature have been made, the hope beintr
] that this attitude will have a good effect
! upon the representatives of the other na
i tions.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
at Present Impos
.sible. —
Court Replies That Owing , to Pe
culiar Conditions This' Is
Peace Commissioners Make
Demands on Empress
Dowager.
URGE EXECUTION
OF YU HSUEN
NEWS FROM CAPITALS OF EUROPE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, IS O^EMBER 11, 1900.
Harry J. Fossow, an amateur Hawk
shaw of St. Louis, believes he has James
C. Dunham there and so certain is he
thatUhe suspect is the sextuple murderer
of Campbell that he Is afraid his employ
ers want to rob him of the $11,000 reward
offered. On October 30 Fossow wrote to
Governor Gage, informing the executive
of his discovery, and this communication
was to-day received by Sheriff Lans* ord.
Fossow writes that he has located Dun
ham in St. Louis, has "shadowed" him
for some' time arid .can lay his hands on
him at any time.. Fossow on October 1
obtained; a button photograph of tho sus
pect from a lady friend und forwarded
it to the Grannan Detective Agency 'of
Cincinnati. Ohio, of which he Is an opera
tive. Since ; then. Fo3sow declares, he,
himself, has been Continually shadowed.
He . made a demand on the Grannan
agency to return to him the button, but
the. agency claims it sent the button to
California? and had not heard from It.
Fosaow doubts this statement of the
agency and wants to know if Governor
Gage has received It. r He say3 he thinks
the Grannan agency knows the suspect la
SAN JOSE. Nov. 10.— There ig marked
activity in the location of the Dunham
suspects. Besides the man arrested at
Brazil. Ind.. last night, who gave the
name Fred Greenland, amateur detectives
have the murderer .of the McGllncy fam
ily located in several sections of the
Union.
the Sextuple Murderer
Located.
Numerous Amateur D3tectives Have
CHOP OP DUNHAM
SXTSPECTS GROWING
22
i B. KATSCfflNSKI,
I PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.
J* 10 Third St., San Francisco.
HI . ...
I Ladies' Shoes
»* Infant Prices
Some reason for it. of course.
-Not having: a full line of these
goods, we will place on sale at
S1.15 Pair
I Ladies' "fine Tampico Goat and
French Calf Button Shoes.
Seamless Fox — double sole^ —
fair stitched and narrow square
tOC. .
When sizes were complete the
goods sold for $2.50 and $.?.oo.
Following are sixes and widths:
n-2Vi to T. E— 6 to 9. .
C-2H to T. EE-!!i. 4's and :tf to 9.
I>-3, t\t and « to 8.
Country- orders solicited. Send fop
(Illustrated catalogue.
PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO.
IO THIRD ST. San Frsncto.
SPEdALl
During the coining week we offer our extensive lino of
LOUIS XIV CURTAINS
at prices that should be of interest to the most conservative)
A. few Examples —
11 pairs, regular price $5.00, reduced to $3.90 per pair.
52 pairs, regular price 6.OO, reduced to 4.6O per pair. ; :
24 pairs, regular price 7.D0, reduced to 5.75 per pair. v ;
17 pairs, regular price '9.00, reduced to 6.95 per pair.
27 pairs, regular price 9.50, reduced to 6.50 per pair.
3 pairs, regular price 27.50, reduced to 21.60 per pair." ,
ODD PAIRS AT LESS THAN COST,
HOLIDAY GIFTS,,
In our DRAPERY, CARPET, BUG AND FUR2JTTTJRE
Departments will be found a rich field in which to rummage
for HOLIDAY GIFTS. /;• - <
I.OTS OP DAXNTY PIECES OP FURNITURE AT MOD-
ERATE COST. iyXV-\<*f£€'. ; .'»k
Purchases made now will be held, If desired, for future de-
livery. • .***'. ' ¦
CARPETS. PUR2TITURE. UPHOLSTERY.
114-116-118-120-122-124 POST STREET,
¦— - -^ £an Francisco* - .*
There Are Thousands : of Them Who
Believe as Thi3 Women Does.
Mrs. Ira Knowlton of Butte, Montana.
It a most enthusiastic convert to the vir-
tues of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets as a
cure. for obstinate stomach trouble. She
says: "I had poor digestion nearly all
my life. It -now seems to me that for
years I never knew what It was to be
hungry, to have a good natural appetite.
"I was troub.'ed with gas in stomach.'
causing pressure on the "heart with palpi-
tation and short breath. ' Nearly every-
thing I ate soured on my stomach; some-
times I had cramps In the stomach which
almost resembled spasms.
"Doctors told me I had catarrh of tho
stomach, but their medicines would not
reach it and I would still be a sufferer
had I not. In sheer desperation, decided
to try Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets.
"I knew they were an advertised remedy
and I didn't believe anything I read
about them as I had no confidence in ad-
vertised remedies, but my sis'ter living In
Plttsburg wrote m« last spring telling
me how Stuart's Tablets had • cured her
and her little daughters of indlgestipn
and loss of .flesh and appetite, and I hes-
itated no longer. \' . ¦•
i "I -bought a fifty cent box at- my drug
store and took two of the large -tablets
after each meal and found them delight-
ful to take, being as pleasant to the tasle
as caramel candy, .whenever during the
day or night I felt any pain or uneasiness
In the stomach or about the heart. I took
one of the small tablets and in three
weeks it geemed to me aa If I had never
known what stomach trouble was. I
. "I keep Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets In
the house and every member of our fam-
ily uses them occasionally after a hearty
meal or when any of us have a pain or
ache in the digestive organs."
Mr. E. H. Davis of Hampton, Va..
says: "I doctored five years for dyspep-
sia, but In two months 1 got more benefit
from Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets than in
five years of the doctors' . treatment."
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets is the safest
as well as the simplest and -most conven-
ient remedy for ¦ any i form of- indigestion,
cntarrh of stomach, biliousness, eour
stomach, bloating after meals, sympa-
thetio. heart trouble. >'-¦> .
¦ Stuart's Dyspepsia . Tablets .Is • .not a
cheap cathartic, *but an active digestiva
remedy containing the pepsin and diastase
which- every .weak .stomach lacks, and
they cure stomach troubles because they
digest the food eaten and give the Weak,
abused, overworked stomach a chance to
rest - and : recuperate. • v .. ; .c. . '- :
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are sold In
every drug store "In' the United States,
Canada and Great Britain, , — :.
ENTHUSIASTIC CONVERTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Senor Quesada of the Cuban Legation at. Wash-
ing ton, D. C.
Booker T. Washington of Tuskegee, Alabama, y
Bel/a A. Lockwood, 619F\$treet,;N. H(.,\Wash-
¦ ington, D. C. - ? X '¦¦'¦:.- .•¦;•¦• " ¦"
Senator Stephen R. Mallory of Pensacola, F,onda.
Ex-Chief Justice William C. Chambers of Wash-
ington, D.C. ;¦
Congressman H. W. Ogden, from Benton, Louisiana.
Governor Joseph J. Johnston of Montgomery, Ala.
Major General Joseph Wheeler of Wheeler, Ala.
Governor G. W. Atkinson of West Virginia. '
The life of the sea captain especially ex-
poses him to catarrhal ailments. Day and
night he is exposed to the fiercest gales
and storms.
No class of men appreciate more the
value of Peruna. It not only cures them
when a cold has become thoroughly set-
tled In head, throat or lungs, but a proper
use of Peruna prevents them from taking
these colds.
Captain Tull has commanded some of
the largest vessels that cross the Atlantic
and is personally known to thousands of
people who have met him on board of
vessels. He ls now captain of the big
Chesapeake Bay steamer Norfolk.
Chronic catarrh often makes its ap-
proach in disguise. Before a person knows
Peruna has been endorsed by over 50,000 prominent citizens of the United States,
including the following prominent persons :
Ex- Governor P. B. S. Pinchback of Louisiana.
Senator W. N. Roach of North Dakota.
Judson W. Lyons, Register of the United States
.Treasury, of Washington, D. C.
Hon H. G. Worthmgion, ex-Mimster from Argentine
Republic, of Washington, D. C.
Congressman Amos J. Cummmgs, from New York.
Governor W. M. Lord of Oregon.
Hon. S. Smithmeyer, Architect of the Congressional
Library, Washington', D. C.
Hal. P. Denton, Chief National Export Exposition,
of Philadelphia, Pa,
«/ L^^is the first month
NOVemoer O f the winter ca-
tarrh season. Catarrh of the head
and catarrh of the throat are preva-
lent during this month. At the appear-
ance of the slightest symptoms of
cold Peruna should be taken. This
will prevent a long siege of head and
throat f catarrh, which may last all
winter and perhaps a lifetime.
"A stitch In time saves nine." One bot-
tle of Peruna taken at the onset ox ca-
tarrh is worth its weight in gold to any
man or woman. There are no substitutes
for Peruna. Peruna haa been Dr. Hart-
man's only remedy for catarrh for the
Address The Peruna Medicine Co., Co-
lumbus. O.. for a free copy of their new
catarrh book.
It he may become a victim of chronic ca-
tarrh.
Its onset may be gradual, its develop-
ment ihsidious, and at last the victim
finds himself in the clutches of a tena-
cious disease.
A slight cold, a tendency to sneeze, a
pufflnoja in the no??, stringy mucus in
the throat, slight cough or wheezlneps—
any one of these symptoms should be re-
garded as a warninff.
AVhat can be cured in the beginning in
a week or two. by using Peruna. if al-
lowed to become chronic, may require
months of failWul treatment.
Peruna ls the remedy. for such cases; al-
most everybody knows that by hearsay,
and thousands know it by blessed expe-
rience. .
You had better take Peruna now, for
by and by you may be obliged to take it
a lone time in order to get well.
AD VEATISEMSNTS. \
"After suffering for years wilh catarrhat and bronchial trouble I
was advised by a friend to use Peruna, and after the use of one bottle
I was relieved of my trouble. I take pleasure and feel it is my duty to
recommend this remedy to all fellow sufferers. Besides being an abso-
lute cure for catarrh, it is one of the best of tonics." /?• £ TULL.
j Among the many things which he ha3 said about the world-famous ca-
tarrh remedy, Peruna, may be clt»d the following letter written from Nor-
folk. Va., to The Peruna Medicine Company, of Columbua, Ohio:
Captain R. vE. Tull, well kncwn In Chesapeake Bay and all alons our
Atlantic coast, is a man of splenaid physique and now excellent health. Ho
is also a friend of Teruna.
A FAMOUS SEA CAPTAIN
i .-¦ ¦ ¦ — ' ''¦( V ¦
tells How Peruna Restored His Health.
— """" — »-*J . • Atlantic coast, is a man of splendid physique and now excellent health. J
S^ GiP^^sifii : •^¦ mons the man i* thlnR3 which he ho.3 said about the world-famous c
/ /5* 4SE^)L tarrh remedy, Pefuna, may be clt»d the following letter written from N(
. / 1\ jt \ folk, Va,, to The Peruna Medicine Company, of Columbus, Ohio:
' • '/ &&% I ' \ "After suffering lor years wilh catarrha! and bronchial troublt
I * APC^0i \ was a^ v/set^ ty a friend to use Peruna, and after the use of one boh
I /mf^^^^m^^^^^»^ \ was re^ ev6C^ °f m y double. I take pleasure end feel it is my duty
I /V/liMwSw^^^^^^^i \ rscommQn d this remady to all fellow sufferers. Besides being an abs
/ \ lute cure for cctarrh ' H IS ons of ths iestof tonics - " R - E - TULL
— 'To-night there was a torchlight proces
sion, the firing of cannon and a brilliant
illumination of the principal* streets. The
ratification- meeting was presided over~by
ex-Senator B. C yoorhfls. It was held
JACKSON. Nov. 10.— The Republicans
had possession of Jackson to-day. Under
the auspices of the local McKinley and
Roosevelt Club a banquet was . spread
this afternoon In which 100 peraqns parti
cipated, including Congressman-elect Sam
D. Woods and , Assemblyman Fred L.
Stewart. '? - V
Congressman-Elect Sam D. Woods a
Guest of Honor.
CELEBBATION . AT JACKSON.
PETALUMA, Nov. lO.-McKinleylsm
and Republicanism" were the keynotes at
a jollification here to-night. All Petaluma
turned out In a procession and gathered
on Main street to hear the speakers, the
band concert and singing quartets. Bon
fires were built on the streets, fireworks
were set oft!, whistles screeched and bells*
rang. The meeting was addressed by
County Republican Committee, Chairman
C. H. Adams, Secretary F. G. Nagle, As
semblyman-elect Frank A. Cromwell,
City Committee Chairman W. B. Haskell
and others.
The Company C band headed the parade
and Marshal Collins led the line of march.
Citizens on foot and In carriages paraded
and cheered. The McKinley Club march
ed with torches and banners. .Houses and
stores along the line were decorated and
Jliuminated. It was the biggest affair of
the kind ever witnessed here.
Sonoma Town.
McKinley 's Victory Celebrated in the
PETAI/TJMA'S RATIFICATION.
For the first time In forty years Tehama
County has gone Republican. It gave
Bryan 170 plurality four years ago.
Short speeches were made by E. D.
Gardner, H. S. Gans, Judge Ellison, Coun
ty Clerk Fisk, Colonel C. A. Garter and
Captain T. B. Dozler of Redding. A great
ovation was given to Assemblyman-elect
Gans, and he delivered a happy address.
RED BLUFF, Nov. 10.— The greatest po
litical demonstration ever witnessed in
Northern California took place here to
night. Excursion trains, stages and every
conceivable vehiclo brought thousands of
visitors to Red Bluff, and every man,
woman and child seemed determined to
shout for McKinley and Roosevelt. There
was a monster parade and torchlight pro
cesslon, a feature of which was Douglas
S. Cone's big traction engine. Hundreds
marched and thousands witnessed the
beautiful fireworks sent up while the pro
cession was moving.
The Pavilion Opera-house was crowded
to its utmost capacity and hundreds could
not gain admittance. George H. Chase,
secretary of the County Central Commit
tee, presided and the multitude cheered
wildly when the curtain of the stage was
raised upon a sunburst studded with in
candescent lights, above which were the
words " "Progress, Prosperity. National
Honor."* At either Bide of the sunburst
were large American flags partially
furled and In their folds In circular frames
two feet across and surrounded by Incan
descent lights were pictures of McKinley
and Roosevelt. The effect was beautiful,
and while the band played "The Star-
Spangled Banner" the audience cheered
again and asrain.
out of doors, as no two halls in town
could have contained the crowd. From
Sutter Creek Amador City and Plymouth
there came forty-two stage and carriage
loads of people. For the first time In years
the Republicans carried the old Demo
cratic county of Amador in the late elec
tion.
Hanna Leaves for Cleveland.
NEW YORK, Nov. 10.— Senator Hanna
left for Cleveland this- evening. He said
he was going to take- a long- rest. He
added, speaking .of the rumored retire
ment of Secretary Gage, that he had not
heard of any contemplated change In the
Cabinet and would not discuss It.
Higby Defeats Cunning.
HOLLISTER. Nov. 10.— The Fifty-ninth
Assembly District's vote was as follows*
Higby (R.) 7S9. Cunning (D.)'731.
CALIFORNIANS REJOICE OVER
THE REPUBLICAN TRIUMPH
Thousands of Visitors Participate in Red
Bluffs Ratification.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Sentenced for an Assault.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. lO.-Judge Rut
to-day sentenced Oscar Johnson, a Finn,
who on Thursday night last made a mur
derous assault upon John Ryan, a railroad
employe, with a knife, to fourteen months'
imprisonment at San Quectln peniten
tiary. Johnson tried to stab Ryan In the
neck, but tha knife blade struck Ryan's
arm. • » ;•¦.
. ? . .
Suicide of an ex-Policeman.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 10.— Ex-Pollceraan
Daniel Lynch committed suicide this
morning by taking morphine. He had for
several years been a special officer at
Whittier Reform School. His position was
abolished recently.
Martin Westlake Sentenced for the
Killing of R. R. Watts.
SACRAMENTO, NoV. 10.— Martin "West
lake was to-day sentenced by Judge Rust
to life imprisonment at Folsom for the
murder of R. R. Watts In this city In De
cember last. Watts was a mining man
from the Northwest who had come to Sac
ramento to engage in a mining enterprise
He was enticed by Westlake to the re
gion of the American River, north of the
city, and murdered with jagged pieces of
slag, which were used to crush his skull.
His valuables were then taken from his
person, and . these subsequently led to
Westlake's apprehension in Nevada and
conviction here. •
Postofflce Changes, Pensions Granted
and Civil Service Examinations.*
WASHINGTON," Nov. lO.-Postxnasters
commissioned: Oregon— Maud Harris,
Hamilton; Stanley H. Phillips. Nestocton.
Postofflce established: California— Hobart
Mills, Nevada County, Charles W. Calvin,
Postmaster. Postmasters appointed: Ore
gon— Morro. Sherman County, John M.
Parry, vice Dora Williams, resigned: Tule
Lake, Klamath County. William C. Dal
ton vice Mansolt Beardslee. resigned.
Civil service examinations will be held
as follows: Chinese watchman. San Fran
cisco Custom-house, December 15. salary
$2 50 per day. Railway mall clerks, print
er railway mall service, eighth division,
including Californa, Oregon and Washing
ton, in San Francisco and other places,
December 12. Clerk headquarters. Depart
ment of the Columbia. Vancouver Bar
racks, $1000 a year, at San Francisco and
other places, December 12 and 13.
Pensions granted: California— Original—
Alden B. Wiley. Vallejo. *6: Paul H.
Gough. Watsonvllle, $6; Edwin L. Hub
bard, Newcastle, $10; Joseph Rlggs, Sol
diers' Home, Los Angeles, $6. Increase-
Charles S. Norton. San Jose. $8: Augustus
H. Lowe, Soldiers' Home. Los Angeles. $8.
Original widows — Bettie R. Newman, Los
Angeles, $8. Mexican war survivor 1 — In
crease—Azariah Martin. Holllster, $12. •
Washington— Original— Jonathan Hill
Sllverton, $8.
IMPRISONMENT FOB, UCFE.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Millwood.
FRESNO, Nov. 10.— Dennis Coyle, Post
offlce Inspector, is at Millwood lnspectlns
the books of the- office at that place. Up
to tha first of last June James Collyler
was postmaster and Mrs. Kanauger held
a position as deputy. About that timo
Collyier tired of the bonds that boun.l
him to his wife and with another woman
took a Journey to the north. Mrs. Kanau
ger waa then appointed postmistress and
It was she who discovered the alleged Ir
regularity in the former postmaster's ac
counts. She reported the shortage to tha
department and Inspector Coyle was sent
to Investigate. Ha spent a couple of days
In Fresno gathering Information and went
from here to Vlsalla. Last night he left
Vlsalla for Millwood. He expects to fin
ish his work and get back to Fresno by
Monday.
Collyier waa at one time a Deputy Sher
off of Fresno County and he has many
friends here who will be sorry' to hear
of the turn his affairs have taken. When
the deficiency became known Jacob Her
mann, -who was on the former postmas
ter's bond for $2000. was notified. He as
certained that Collyier was now living at
Louisville, Wash., and communicated
with him. Collyier replied that he had
left no shortage except one of $3, which
-was for stamps.
The postmistress says that there are
several instances of funds unaccounted
for— one for $90, one for J42 and other
smaller amounts.
Hermann stands ready to make good the
loss. . *
Inspector Dennis Coyle Investigating
Alleged Irregularities at
SHORTAGE IN ACCOUNTS
OF FOEMER POSTMASTEB
NEW YORK. Nov. 1j.— R. G.
Dun. head of the mercantile
agency firm of R. G. Dun &
Co.. died in this city to-day of
cirrhosis of the live-. He had
been suffering since early last summer.
Mrs. Dun survives him.
Robert Graham Dun had been a promi
nent figure In the business world for
nearly half a century. Mr. Dun had been
associated with the agency sine* 1S51. In
1S54 he became a partner and in 1809 pur
chase the entire Interest, since which
time his name has been at the head of the
firm, which has a world-wide reputation.
When Mr. Dun first became connected
with the business it waa In its infancy.
Its wonderful development and growth
are due largely to his individual effort
and untiring application to the ever-in
creasing de-tails of management.
Mr. Dun's ancestors -were Scotch. HJs
grandfather was the Rev. James Dun,
for twenty years a minister of the Free
Church of Scotland in Glasgow. His fa
ther. Robert Dun. was also educated for
the ministry and migrated to the United
States In 1815. He settled In Chlllicothe.
Ohio, where he married Lucy W. Angus,
also of Scotch parentage, where Mr. Dun
was born, in 1S26.
The Ohio boy took advantage of such
means for education as were afforded and.
at 16 years of age began his business'
career in a country store at a salary of
$- a week. By reason of his application
to business, his energy and thoroughgoing
practical ways he soon became one of the
partners In the business. The advantages
of New York City induced him to enter It
ae a larger fleld. He went to New York
and secured employment in the mercantile
agency, then conducted by Tappan it.
Douglass. Here his talent for details was
recognized and he was constantly ad
vanced until in 18S4 he became a partner
of Mr. Douglass under the firm name of
B. Douglass & Co. In 1869 Mr. Dun pur
chansed the Interest In the business held
by Mr. Douglass. He realized that there
must be one controlling head to make the
enterprise successful. Mr. Dun had con
tinued as sole proprietor of the agency
since that time. During ->ae past twenty
flve years he had been assisted by his
present associate, Robert Dun Douglass,
who Is a. nephew. Mr. Dougrlasa has direct
charge of the various agency departments
In this and foreign countries.
THE LATE ROBERT GRAHAM DUN, HEAD OF THE NOTED NEW
YORK MERCANTILE AGENCY. WITH WHICH HE HAD BEEN CON
NECTED FOR NEARLY HALF A CENTURY.
OMAHA, Nov. 10.— "With but two coun
ties to hear from in the State, on the
lace cf the unofficial returns. Dietrich.
Republican, is elected Gowrnor by a piu
rality of 675 over Governor Poymer. The
remainder of the State ticket is likely to
be Republican, but it will Uike the official
count to determine the result.
There Is no change in the legislative
situation, the result defending on Doug
lass County. Omaha, in which the offl
clal count proceeded or.ly a little way to
day.
Chairman Emminger of the Third Dis
trict to-night reported that Consrressman
Robertson. Fusionlst, Is elected by 127 plu
rality, as shown by the complete return?,
¦nnofilclal, from all counties. His election
was up to-day Questioned by the Repub
licans.
The majority of N'evHIe. fusionist. in the
Sixth District Is 3TS, and Stark, fusior.ist.
In the Fourth. 413. This makes th<> rep
resentation of Nebraska la Corgress un
changed—four fusioulsts. two Populists,
two Democrats and two Republicans — a'l
of whom, excepting Sha!!enberser, Dem
ocrat, in the F-ftli District; who succeed
ed Sutherland. Populist, are re-elected.
McKir.ley's plurality In Nebraska Is
750).
LOUISVILLE. K>\. Nov. 10.— Official re
turns from all save about a dozen coun
ties in the State received by the Courier-
Journal up to 11 o'clock to-r.ight do not
materially alter tha: paper's unofficial re
port of the election. Bryan's majoritv
wiJl be in the nefchborhood of 8000. whil»
the plurality of IVckham. Democrat, fo-
Goverr.or will be about 6000. ti.e unofficial
returr.s from every county in the State be-
Ir.g 4633.
In Many Localities It Will Require
an Official Count to Deter
mine Close Con
tests.
Dietrich Elected Governor
of Nebraska by Safe
Plurality.
GREATER GROW
REPUBLICAN GAINS
There are sevpral bequests, including
ore of (250.000 for building and endawln? a
college for orphan boys in San Francisco.
The third article in the will reads: "I
pive. devise and bequeath to my brother.
Charles Pearcy. of Chicago. III., *5Q,(*iO."
It is under this article that Haffner
makes hi? claim to a share of the B'.ythe
estate. So far as known the name of
Charles Pearcy was never before men
tioned in the litigation since the death of
Blythe. It is on record, however. In the
Probate Court of Cook County. 111., that
Charles Pearey died at the West Side
Hospital, Chicago. November. 1S37.
The papers in the possession of HafTner
were yesterday turned over to Lawyer E.
B. Southworth of 120 Broadway, who has
been retained by Haffner to press his
claim to a share of the vast estate.
The docunfer.ts supplied by Haffner. If
their authenticity can be establlsned, will
set at naught the iitisavion of years and
start afresh the bitter contest over the old
man's millions. They include what pur
ports to be the original will of "•James
Hey Pearcy, otherwise known as Thomas
H. Blythe," dated March 4, 1SS1. signed in
the presence of Haffner and one Joseph
Blow, late of Los Angeles. Cal. This will
appoints Haffner executor of the estate,
without bonds, and names as residuary
legatee "my adopted daughter. Miss Flor
ence Pearcy. otherwise known as Miss
Florence Ashcroft. at London. England."
NEW YORK. Nov. 10.— The World says:
Jack J. HafTner. «.vho has spent the creat
or part of the iast fifteen years»in State
prisons, made a statement yesterday and
produced letters- and documents which
may clear up the mystery surrounding
Thumas H. Blythe. the multi-millionaire,
who died in San Francisco in 1SS3.
For the Past Fifteen Years He Has
Been. in Prison, but Alleges He
Is Entitled to a Share of
the Estate.
Jack J. Haffner the Litest
Figure in the Extended
Litigation.
CLAIMS HE HAS
THE BLYTHE WILL
SAN RAFAEL. Nov. 10.— Three un
marked graves, one covered with freshly
spaded earth, were found by Isaac Smith
of this city while quail hunting yester
day on the bushy hillside that rises above
a Chinese fishing camp on the northern
side of Point San Pedro. Coroner Eden
of this city has no knowledge that will
throw light upon the identity of the dead
that lie burled there, how they met death
or when and by whom they were In
terred.
The graves He In one of the most deso
late portions of the point. No road runs
near them, and only a winding trail used
by Chinese shrimp fishers Is the only,
means of approach by land, unless one
tramps a quarter of a mile over rugged
hills and through the thick brush that
He to the west. The mysterious gravt-s
are about 300 yards from shore on the
rounding- face of a steep hill. Near the
shore and oft to the left about a stone's
throw lies a small fishing village, with Its
cosmopolitan population of ducks, dogs
and Chinamen. Upon two of the graves
green grass Is growing and they would
hardly attract the notice of a passer-by, •
but on the third the freshly turned soil is
barren of all vegetation. Twenty feet
from the graves and carefully stowed
away In the underbrush Mr. Smith found
two 12-foot scantlings, the ends of -which
had been carefully planed and rounded
to afford a better grip to the hand. Their
nearness to the graves gave them a lit
ter-like appearance, and the small end
of a burned candle found under them in
the leaves occasioned the belief that they
were used when the daylight had gone.
The Ban Pedro fishing camps are a,
small province of China as 'far as the
customs and mode of life of their ever
changing population are concerned. The
white man's world knows little of what
transpires within their bounds. From
time to time rumors of battles and blood
shed among warring factions of the fish
ermen have come to this city, but as
evidence never came with them the offi
cials here let them pass as rumors only.
The finding of these graves will probably
result In a full and thorough investiga
tion.
It has long been known here that the
highbinder wars In San Francisco have
sent many a hunted Celestial to the fish
eries to escape from foes or the officers.
As marked men with prices upon their
heads they have gone into hiding among
the Bhrlmp camps. It is not regarded
here as improbable that thp bodies 'n
the San Pedro graves may bear the t1*»
ble marks of the hatchet or the cluo. L.u.st
fall Edward "Watson of this city,, while
attempting to take the census of the
camps, was threatened by a large num
ber of the Mongols and was compelled to
seek safety In flight.
Coroner Eden will open the graves and
see If they contain the bodies of China
men or whit© men.
Belief That the Tombs Contain
the Eodies of Mongolians
Slain in Highbinder
Wars. '.
DEAD INTERRED IN LONELY SPOT
Mysterious Discoyery par
Chinese Camp on Point
San Pedro.
HUNTER FINDS
THREE GRAVES
OH A HILLSIDE
DEATH SUMMONS
ROBERT G. DUN
Head of Famous Mercantile, House Suc
cumbs to Disease.
THE SAN. FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 1 1, 1900.
23
RAPHAEL'S,
Headquarters
$3.50
for
Ladies.
The picture op-
posite is a cor-
rect sketch of
L'Aiglon; in ce-
'dar, castor, sea
green, pearl,
s teel and black
with contrast-
ing birds to the
shade of the
hat. The price
of ihis charm-
ing walking
hat is *
A Charming
Winter
Frisco's
Foremost
Fashionable
Dressers.
and
Worn To-Day
by
Seen, .
Admired
-
L'Aigldn | WMMB.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
$2.50
Special ¦ on
Monday, quan-
tities limited, at
Thafs the la-
test and newest
shade. It's a
beautiful
shade, golden
brown, and an
ideal Winter
Top Coat for
chaps between
the ages of 3
and 12 years;
made as y,ou
see pictured
opposite ; vel-
vet collar ,
ha-ndsomely
trimmed and,
tailored. A Top
Coat that we
would never put
on sale in> a
regular way
under $5.
Covert
in a
Top Coat
Golden
Brown
$3.45
Ages. 8 -to 6 years.
That you see pictured above w in blue and in tan shades; raised
silk emblem on the sleeves; a. $5.50 coat in all particulars.
That smirt little winter reefer, in either shade, including the
naval cap, as pictured in picture, both for
That Smart Winter Reefer
Sick women are invited to consult Dr.
Pierce, by letter, free of charge. All
correspondence absolutely • private and
confidential. In his thirty years and
over of medical practice Dr. Pierce, as-
sisted by his staff of nearly a score of
physicians, has treated and cured. more
than half a million women. Address
Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
. « I will drop you a few lines to-day to let you
know that I am feeling well now, "write* Miss
Annie Stephen*, of SellevUle, Wood Co., Weit
"V«. "I reel like a new woman.' I took several
bottles of 'Favorite Prescription' and of the
'Goldta Medical Discorery.* A have no head-
ache now, and no more pala in tny side: no
bearing-down pain any move, t think that there
is no medicine like Dr. FiercCa medicine."
Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Medical
Adviser, in paper coven, is sent ./9r* on
receipt of 2 r one-cent stamps to pay ex-
pense of mailing only. Address Dr. R. V."
Pierce, Bufl^lo, N, Y. ,
The use of Dr. Pierce's Favorite Pre-
scription in cases of womanly disease
will insure a prompt restoration to sound
health. It regulates the periods, stops
unhealthy drains, heals inflammation
and nlceration, and cures female weak-
ness. It makes j weak women 'strong,
sick women well.
Will "go" until she drops, and think
she's doing rather a fine thing. • Very
often the future shows her that she was
laying the foundation for years of
tmhappiness. When the back aches,
when there is irregularity or any other
womanly ill, then the first duty a woman
owes to herself is to find a cure for her
ailments.
G. S. LJXCOLN. M. D.. .
101 Crutchfleld Bt., Dallas, Tex.
JXTDGE HENRY SCHAFER.
Flemington, N. J.
F. H. STOUFER. Secretary and Treasurer
of Railway Conductors, Pueblo, Colo.
REV. PAUL WELLER.
, Gorham, N. T.
Hypnotism is no longer a myth, a fanciful creation of the. mind, but a real-
ity, a most potent power, capable of producing Infinite good. For the purpos* of
ascertaining the exact value of this much talked of power a committee composed
of a pnysldan, a well-known Jurist, a prominent minister and a leading railroad
man was appointed to investigate Hypnotism.
The committee carried on a series of Investigation* In regard to the power of
hypnotism to Influence the actions and deeds of people in th© every day walks of
life.
The first step taken by the members of th© committee was to master the
Bdence in every detail, so that they might state from personal experience the
good or evil this strang-e power might produce. They wrote the New York Insti-
tute of Science, of Rochester, N. Y. t the greatest school of Hypnotism and Oc-
cult Sciences in the world, and received full and complete Instructions In regard
to how hypnotism may be used to Influence people In business, how to us« it In
treating diseases, etc.. etc. In a few days they mastered these Instructions and
•were fullaedged hypnotists.
It -was clearly demonstrated that hypnotism may be employed bo that the per-
son operated upon Is enflrely unconscious of the fact that he la belns Influenced;
and. all things considered, the committee regard It as the most valuable discov-
ery of modern times. A knowledge of It la essential to one's success in life and
well belngr in society.
Dr. Lincoln says, after a thorough Investigation, that he considers It the most
marvelous therapeutic or curative aerent of modern times.
Judge Schafer. although a legal light, turned his attention to healing the sick,
end in a few treatments he completely cured John E. Myers of Flemington. N. J.
of a strange malady that bad kept him bedfast for nine years, and which the doc-
tors said must surely kill him. Judge Schafer's fame spread for miles around and
hundreds of people applied, to him for treatment-
Mr. Stoufer performed the astonishing feat of hypnotizing Mr. Cunningham of
Pueblo. Colo., at a distance of several blocks. He also hypnotized an aged gen-
tleman and had him run through the 6treets shouting "R*dhot peanuts for sale."
Mr. Etoufer says it is indispensable to one's business success.
Rev. Paul Weller cays that every minister and every mother should under-
stand hypnotism for the benefit they can be to those with whom they are brought
in daily contact.
In speaking of this marvelous power President Eilot of Harvard College said
to the graduates: "Young gentlemen, there Is a subtle power lying latent In each
of yon which few of you have developed, but which, when developed, might make
a man Irresistible. It is called Personal Magnetism, or Hypnotism.- I advise you
to master it."
The New York Institute of Science has JuM Issued 10.000 copies of a book which
fully explains all the secrets of this marvelous power and gives explicit directions
for becoming a practical hypnotist," so that you can employ the- force without
the knowledge of any one. Anybody can learn. Success guaranteed.
The book also contains a full report of the members of the committee. It
will be seat absolutely fre« to any one who is interested. A postal card will
bring it.
Write to-day. ' i.\
; Address NEW YORK INSTITUTE OF SCIENCE, DepfUT T, Rochester, N. T.
FROM THE N' . T. JOCRNA1*
How People Are Influenced
Startling: Words From the Committee Appointed
to Investigate Hypnotism for the Benefit
of Journal Readers.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Ladies'
Tailor-Made
Hats.
Hat
for
Union i/jt^AireAvEMUS.
ADVERTISEMENT 3.His Leg Broken by Bale of Hay.
Charles B. Classen while piling up hay
In the shed belonging to Charles E. Gobs,
at Seventeenth and Mission etreets, yes
terday afternoon had 'his, left lee broken
by one- of the bales falling: upon him. He
wan conveyed to his home at 663 Shotwell
street, where be was attended by a pjiy-
A Crazy Party.
The members of Mission Rebekah Lodge
had a novelty In. the social line last night
in the nature of a crazy party. The lodge
room was decorated with- crazy quilts and
fanciful designs In paper and vegetables
The members were all attired in most fan
tastic robes and gowns, and as they moved
in the prand march, led by the noble
grand. Mrs. Watson, and Dr» Muehmore
they presented one of the mdst grotesque
assemblages that has ever been seen with
in a lodge room.- The committee on awards
decided that tho noble grand and Mrs. A
J. Willl8ton were the craziest looking of
the lot and gave each an order for two
dozen photographs. In addition to danc
ing there was a short programme of liter
ary numbers and songs. This lodge will
hold an> open meeting on the 24th to enter
tain the friends of^members.
CHICO SAFECItACXEIlS .
DID SOME JOBS. HERE
Thfeir Identity Is Established by
Tools That Are Found in Their
Possession.
All doubt as to the identity of the men
who attempted. to crack the safes In the
Brooks-Follis Electrical Company's office
and the office of the Pacific Rolling Mills
on Mission street recently was removed
yesterday when Marshal ChubbuCk" of
Chlco came to the city and showed Cap
tain Seymour some of the tools found In
the valises of Clarence French and
Charles Tessler, the ex-convlcts arrested
there for burglary..
Most of the tools had been stolen from
the Pacific Tool and Supply Company
First and Mission streets, but others were
identified as having been stolen from the
Brooks-Follis Company and the' Pacific
Rolling Mills Company at the time of the
attempts to crack their safes. Captain
Seymour is also satisfied that the two
men broke open the safe at the grocery
on Fifth and Mission streets, as the marks
on the safe and doors fit the tools found
upon them. They were held to answer
Friday for the burglary, of a hardware
store mlChlco and are now in the Orovllle
jail awaiting their trial, but If they are
not convicted Seymour will bring them
here, as he has at least three good cases
against them. - :
At the Bee Hive- shoe store— a great sale
is now In. force. The shoes which arrived
from the trust combination which burst
in New York has taken hold of the San
Francisco folks. Ladies' $3 50 Vicl kid
shoes are going fast at $1 65; ladies 1 $4 50
French kid shoes at $1 TO; children's and
misses' $2 shoes for 75c; men's real Vlei
kid -shoes .it $1 25; men's v $4 calf shoes at
Jl 65 at the, Bee Hive trust sale, 717 Mar
ket straet, near Third. .•> > •
A Trust Sale in Shoes
. A. S. Williams, a petty officer, in the
navy, who was tried on a charge of crimi
nal assault upon Mrs. Pauline ¦ Kolbe,
Jones street. In Judge Cook's court and
was convicted by the: Jury of simple as
sault, appeared for * sentence yesterday.
The Judge Imposed a fine of $500, with the
alternative of one day in the County Jail
for every ?5 50 of the fine unpaid. . ; w. L
Taylor, the king of overcoat thieves, was
sentenced by Judge Lawlor to five years
in San.Quentin for petty. larceny, second
offense/ and Jue Lock, a ;v * Chinese; ' was
sentenced to a year in San Quentln for
5 rand larceny for stealing- Jewelry from
eorge B. Boyd, San Rafael, by whom he
was employed.
Criminals Sentenced.
Italy, and the Alcazar will contribute a
one-act comedietta. The best vaudeville
features obtainable will be j volunteered
from the Orpheum, Chutes and Olympia.
In fact, the programme will be a "corker."
The committee on arrangements consists
of John Morrlsey. Mark Thall. W, H
J^eaby and Hurry Morosco. The s<=ats of
the entire eround floor will be $2 each and
thoso of the balcony Jl,..ridlculously low
prices considering the strength of the
attractions and worthiness of the causf
Tickets may be obtained from anv man
ager, and reservations will begln r at the
Orpheum box. office a week from Monday
mornlng.
EALF-DAY PERFORMANCE
I1T AID OF ACTORS' FUND
?11 the Local Theaters Will Contrib
ute Talent for This Immense
Theatrical Event.
Interest is growing apace in the second
annual benefit in aid of the charity fund
of the Associatt-d Theatrical Managers of
Fan Francisco to be held at the Orpheum
Thursday. November 22.
The performance will begin at high noon
and will continue without Interruption un-
til 6 o'clock. Every theater in the city
will be represented, and the programme
will be one of the strongest ever offered
in the United States.
From the Grand Opera-house will come
pome of the principals of the Grau Opera
Company Frank Daniels. Helen Redmond
and the bright, particular stars of the
"Ameer" Opera Company wilj represent
the Columbia; the Alhambra offering will
be an act of Hoyt's amusing comedy, "A
Stranger In New York"; the Tivoli con-t
tribution will be the best features of the
nc-w comic opera. "The Jolly Musketeer";
the California will send over some of the
soloistF of the -Royal Marine band of
Florence Horrlgan, a young girl aged 13
years, residing at &49 Minna street, while
chopping some kindling wood yesterday
chopped olf two of her fingers. She was
taken to the Receiving Hospital, where
the injured hand was dressed by Dr
Starr.
Chopped Two ringers Off.
and mat pheds collapsed and the men and
animals were exposed to the fury of th#«
storm. The hospital roof was stripped off"
b " 1 luckily there were no casualties. An
admiralty dredge In the Canton River was
capsized and two of her .creV were
drowned. Many houses were blown down 1
causing twelve deaths.
The British dispatch boat Robin is pro
ceeding to the scene of the wreck of the
Sandpiper and It Is also said that she is
poing to Niepingr to interview the magis
trate there with regard to the anti-foreign
placards which have been posrted.
HONGKONG, Nov. 10.— A typhoon
rtruck the town last evening and raged
until morning. The British dispatch boat
Sandpiper was sunk. Great damage and
loss of life occurred among the native
craft, but It Is impoeslbl« as yet to ascer
taJn the full extent.
The irunbeats Tv*eed and Firebrand and
the coast defense Ironclad Weaver were
in great danger, aa they were dragging
their anchors, ard the Firebrand was
chipping heavy j.ea« and rapidly filling.
All fired distres» signals and the British
torpedo-boat destroyer Otto proceeded to
their assistance. It was a dangerous un
dertaking, owing to the furious sea that
was running and the great masses • of
floating wreckage. The Otter succeeded,
however. In saving the crew of the British
dispatch boat Sandpiper, with the excep
tion of one man. and the weather moder
ating, she also saved the other vessels
mentioned. Another hour in the hurri
cane and all would have been lost.
The troops at Coolican, who were housed
In tents and temporary mat shed bar
racks were In a pitiable plight. The tents
British Dispatch Boat Sandpiper Goes Down and Numbers of
Smaller Graft Are Wrecked.
Swedish Society makes Merry.
The Swedish Society gave Us twenty
eighth .. anniversary entertainment and
ball at the Turn Vereln Hall last night.
A largo crowd ¦was present and enjoyed
the entertainment provided to the full.
President A. O. Lindstrom delivered an
address on the progress cf the society and
the benefits of the patriotic feelings It
kept alive. The various committees who
had the affair in charge and brought It
to a successful, conclusion were:
Arrangements— Anton Carlson, Oscar
Forsberg, J. L. Jacobson, Ax. Elnarson
and F. O. Sjopren. ... . ¦
Kloor manager — K. O. SJogren.
Floor — Aup. Peterson, John Carlson. Al
fred Schill, S. Swenson and Samuel Fors
berg.
Reception— N. V. SJogren, O. Pearson.
N., A. SJogren, Axel Ongman and Adolf
Anderson. ¦ . ¦ .
LIVES ARE LOST AND VESSELS SINK IN A
TERRIFIC TYPHOON IN THE HARBOR AT HONGKONG
He did not think the trusts had union
ized labor, as a member of the commission
suggested.
¦work for none but members of th» con
tractors' organization and alleged collu
sion of the furnlshera of matexials with
contractors. He said this policy of tho
contractors was dangerous and tended to
create a trust to squeeze the public
i j % Stelnblss was asked "Is not organ
ized labor looked upon as a trust****
"Yes," he answered, "and I acknowl
edge that It Is a trust. But It is a trust
that benefits mankind."
FATHER COYLE'S BAZAAR
MEETING "WITH SX7CCESS
Fair Will Close Monday— All Goods
That Are Not Sold to Be Auc- j
tmed Off.
Over 2000 people attended the Star of the
Sea Church bazaar last evening: at Native
Sons' Hall. ' All the ladles of the parish
were present and assisted to swell the
funds of the fair by soliciting votes on
the different contests or acting as sales
ladies In the respective booths. A num
ber of racehorse men dropped In early In
the evening and spent- their money liber
ally to swell the receipts of the fair.
Mrs. Shaughnessy, who has charge of
St. Anne's booth, was the star saleslady.
She was kept busy disposing of the hand
some fancy goods in her booth all the
evening. Miss Coyle. Miss Moraprhan,
Miss Clancy and Allss Kelly also left no
stone unturned to help make money for
the church. They were to be found on
the floor selling choice flowers, and every
young man who left .the hall carried a
pretty buttonhole - carnation as a result
of their efforts.
Monday night thn fair will close and all
the articles that have not been disposed
of then will be'som at auction to the high
est biddor.
The voting- contest for the most popu
lar jockey was . a surprise to everybody
last night.' inillman, who had been well
in the lead, was passed by Jockey Logue.
who Is now over 100 votes to the good. On
Monday, from 11:30 a. m. to 2 p. m.. there
will be a lunch served at the low price of,
25 cents. The menu will include turkey,
goose and whole lots of nice things that
the ladles of the parish have contributed
for the occasion. . , . ¦ ¦>
SWELL DOLLS
WILL POSE IN
MAPLE ROOM
Gorgeous Show of Waxen
Beauties to Be Made at
the Palace.
¦ "*¦"
Doctor's D&nghters, Who Will Give
Exhibition, Have Enlisted Aid
of Iieading Modistes and
¦ • • '
Etolls and dollies from, the homely, old
fashioned rag baby to the grand dame in
opera cloak and diamonds, will bo exhib
ited at the Palace Hotel maple room on
the days and evenings of December 7 and
8 under the auspices of the Doctor's
Daughters. Miss Susan McEwen, the
president, who has the doll show In
charge. has gathered a , corps of
efficient workers and this band has en
listed the co-operation of the leading
modistes, tailors and milliners of the city.
On© feature will bd a miniature doll
house, complete In all appointments and
lighted with the tiniest incandescent elec
tric lights that have been made. Some
fond papa It Is expected will buy this for
his favorite hopeful at a price that will
enable the ladies In charge to bring cheer
to many a poor family.
So far all the leading house* have signi
fied their intention to contribute to th»
success of the show. The City of Paris,
Misl» M. E. Hale. Schonwasser, Marie
Belle Reed, Connlff, Mme. Repettl, Miss
Davis, Newman & Levtnson. Mme. Mou
gan. Max, Francis, - L<owenthal, Roth
schiid and others have promised dolls.
Committees have been appointed as fol
lows:
Model dolls— Miss McEwen. Mrs. Alfred
Tubbs, Mrs. Daniel Drysdale.
Salable dolls— Mrs. Frank D. Bates.
Refreshments— Miss Kathrvn Dillon,
Mrs. Wakelield Baker and a bevy of so
ciety's most charming buds. ;
Milliners' doll-— .Miss Jessie Flllmore and
Miss Gertrude Goewey. :
In addition to the dolls of quality there
will be for sale also dolls for Christmas
presents, so arranged as to price as to
meet the limit of any purse. The patron
esses of the show comprise- the leading
society ladies of the city.
Attorney General Tirey L. Ford has sub
mitted to tha Governor his biennial re
port covering th© work of the office of
Attorney General from September 1. 189tf,
to September Ij 1900. In his letter ot trans
mission accompanying, his report tha At
torney General calls attention to the im
mense volume of business transacted by
his office durlns the last two yeaxs.
•The .civil business of tha office has
grown to unusual proportions and cover»
an exceedingly wide range. Out of be
tween eighty and ninety civil cases pend
ing the Attorney General specially refert.
to a number of the most Important ones,
among- which are the Stanford Inheritance
tax case; wherein some 3250,000 was saved
to the school fund of tha State; Sponagle
vs. Curnow, Involving the insanity law : of
1897; the bond tax case, involving thn
right of the State. to tax bonds of, rail
road and other quasi public corporations;
Yolo vs. Colgan, involving about a mil
lion and a half dollars claimed by t'ue
various counties against the State; peopie
vs. Wells. Fargo & Co., Involving the
right of the express company to demand
the 1-cent revenue from each shipper for
eacn package forwarcfed by express; peo
ple vs.. Curry, involving the submission of
constitutional amendments; Smith vs.
Keevos, involving taxes of Atlantic and
¦Pacific Railroad Companv; Railroad Com
missioners vs. Market Street Railway
(ornpany, involving jurisdiction of the
Railroad Commission over street rail
roads; Railroad Commissioners vs. South
ern Pacific Company, known as the "Kr«?b
no rate-case," involving authority of the
hallroad Commission to prevent the rais
ing of rates previous! v lowered for com
petitive purposes, and a number of others.
Continuing the Attorney General says:
These" case's will' serve to' Illustrate the variety
and magnitude of the civil litigation— and there
arc never less than eighty or ninety cases j'end
lnr—in which the interests of the State are
represented by this office.
The task which is allotted to this office will
be the better appreciated when it la remembered
that In the foregoing cases, as in many others,
we were compiled to contend against the
1-ower of private and corporate wealth and the
skill and learning of the leaders of the Cali
fornia bar. The success,- therefore, which has
etime to the State in these matters la exceed
ingly Kratifying. .'
It may not be amiss to here call attention -to
tbe fact that In the matter of money Judgments
during the twenty months since 1 assumed of
fice there has been recovered against the State
but one judgment, and that in the small sum
of *ISS 33. while Judjnnents In r.ivor of the State
reprt-sent the sum of nearly $3C0,0C0.
After referring to "leave to sue" case3
and "escheated estates" the Attorney
General reviews the department of "crim
inal appeals," and among other things
says:
From the fifty-seven counties of ths State
there come to this office an average of over
slrt criminal app^aU per month, or about one
and a half per week, some of them pr*sentins
questions of the jtravest character and all of
them demanding prompt and constant atten
tion. - • '. . .;
Special reference is- made to the HuCf
and Botkin cases. „ . . - : -,
Concerning "opinions and consultations'
the Attorney General says: • •
tturln* the twenty months thdlng September
I, 1900. I have wrltten-420 opinions, an arerage
of nearly one a,, day, excluding Sundays and
holldayR. ¦ These opinions were written in re
sponse to requests .therefor from the Governor,
the Secretary of State,: the Controller, the
Treasurer, the Surveyor General, the Superin
tendent of Public Instruction, the Clerk of the
Piipreme Court, the Adjutant G^nerat; the Bank
Commissioners, the Fish Commissioners, the
t«bor Commissioner, (he State I>alry Bureau,
the trustees of the State ¦ Normal schools, a
number of district Hcricultural association*,
the State Board of Pharmacy, the Board of
Railroad Commissioners, the State Board ' of
Kqualizatlon, . the State Board of Education,
the Board of State Harbor Commissioners, the
Harbor Commissioner* of the Port of Eureka,
the State Board of Kxamlners, the wardens of
the State prison?, the State Board of Health,
the Highway Commissioners, the Home for
Feeble-minded, the 1'ilot Commissioners, the
Port Warden of San Diego, the Preston School
of Industry, the Whlttler State School, the Vet
el ans' Home, the State Printing Office and
forty of the fifty-seven District Attorneys in
the State. > . '
The 'opinions thus rendered cover the many
and complicated questions constantly arising In
the administration of the affairs of a great and
growlnc State. Statutory construction has en
tered into much of this branch of the work
and constitutional questions have not Infre
quently arisen. Fully one-fourth of the work of
the office is covered by the preparation and
transmission of opinions.
The work of the Attorney General upon
the State Board of Examiners is sot forth,
Bhowinp action upon some ten thousand
separate claims," involving a little over
seven and a half millions of dollars; also
his work upon the State Commission In
Lunacy and the State Board of Military
Auditors.
A new. not to eay novel, -feature of the
report consists of the reports of forty out
of the fifty-seven District Attorneys of
the State. Concerning these the Attorney
General says:
Some interesting statistical data are derivable
from these reiiort!«. and a reading of them
will disclose a highly satisfactory condition
in this branch of the State's service.
It will be noted that out of a total of over
2300' felony prosecutions in the forty counties
from which reports have been received leas than
13 per cent of them resulted in acquittals.
As illustrative of the vast amount of
work devolving upon his clerical help,
which he states is inadequate, the Attor
ney General says:
During the twenty months ending September
1. 1300. the clerical force of this office wrote
4817 official communications, and .420 opinions,
the Utter alone covering some 2000 pages of
typewritten matter. Additional copies of opin
ions have been made to the extent of about
500 pages. Some-fifty briefs* have been writ
ten in civil cases, Involving, in the aggregate,
about 1200 pages, and eighty briefs have been
written in criminal cases, involving about 800
pages. In addition to the above, there, has
been the stenographic work Incident to the
large mass of civil businesn . constantly pend
ind. which Is never less than 85 cases.
The Attorney General concludes as fol
lows: ¦ t.
In conclusion I beg: to state that the work
of this office is all current and that it has
been my .policy to constantly keep it so. This
at times has been difficult, particularly in view
of the lack of, clerical assistance, but by
methodical and- systematic arrangement we
have prevented any of the work from lagging
behind. .
I desire to further add' that the gratifying
results herein briefly suggested could not have
been accomplished but for the cordial and ener
getic aM of able and industrious assistants.
I cannot here well refer in detail to the work
of those • with -w,hom I have b?«n officially as
toclated during the twenty months pant, but 1
desire to make this public acknowledgement of
my deep and abiding: sense of gratitude for
their loyal and earnest support and their un
tiring efforts to make the work of this office
a success. , ,
terested—Important Opin
ions Discussed.
Interesting Eestme of Casos in Which
Attorney-General Has Been. In-
Biennial Statement of the
Work - Done Sent to
the Governor.
TIREV L. FORD
SUBMITS REPORT
OF HIS OFFICE
XETVPORT NEWS, Va.. Nov. 10.— The
monitor Arkansas -was launched at the
shipyard to-day. The event was very suc
cessful. Miss Bobbie Newton Jones,
daughter of Governor Jones of Arkansas,
christened the monitor as It started down
the ways. In addition to Governor Jones
and a party of Arkansans, there were
present Governor Tyler of Virginia, a
large party of naval officers and a number
of invited guests.
The monitor Arkansas is the first of a
type developed by the American navy, for
not since the days of the Civil "War has a
single turreted monitor been constructed. ,
The Arkansas will nave as sister ships
the Florida and the Wyoming and a
third, which was to have been the Con
necticut, still unnamed. These are known
as harbor defense monitors, and while
small will have large accommodations for
crews for vessels of their size, and also
be for the use and instruction of the na
val militia. . -
The Arkansas is -to cost not more than
J1.500.0O) complete. The designs, were pre
pared by Chief Constructor Hlchborn and
provide for a single balance turret of the
Hlchborn type on the center line forward,
with an inclined top. and made of steel
nine inches thick. This turret will con
tain two of the new high power 12-ineh
breech-loading rifles. Besides this arma
ment, the Arkansas will carry four 4-inch
rapid-fire guns, three 6-pounders and four
l-pounders. A special effort was made to
secure light draft for this formidable tvpe
of vessel, so the Arkansas when complete
will draw only 12 feet 6 inches of water
on a displacement of 3233 tons, enabling
her to slip into any harbor open to sea
going shipping. Eleven inches of steel
armor protects the sides above the water
line, and there is a protective deck for
the full length of the vessel 1% inches
thick. Twin screw engines will drive the
monitor at a maximum speed of eleven
knots, amply sufficient for a harbor de
fense vessel, and electricity will be em
ployed for turret turning gears, ammuni
tion hoist, ventilating apparatus and all
the secondary machinery. All the wood
in the vessel is fire proof. Unlike the old
type of monitors, the Arkansas will have
staterooms above deck for the officers and
crew, but the superstructure has been so
designed that It will not affect the ship
should the superstructure be destroyed in
action, thus retaining the virtue of the
monitor principle.
STEINBISS SATS STRIKES
ABE NOT FAILURES
President of the National Building
Trades Council Testifies Before
Industrial Commission.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 10.-H. W. Stetn
biss of St. Louis, president of the Na
tional Building Trades Council, to-day tes
tified before the Industrial Commission
concerning labor organizations, arbitra
tion, strikes and other matters. He saM
in 1894 he had framed a paragraph in the
constitution of the National Council de
claring that experience showed that
strikes were failures, but he had sinri
chanced his view and' the constitution £!
cordingly had been changed. As amended
it made strikes a Ia3t resort iK „„„
tended^ that strikes were successful in 2£
complishniff the ends aimed at. LaboJ
organization, he said, is progressing in
this countrv. This has resumed in raNIr a
the rates of wages and shortenng workliii
0^, 1 ? aS much wfs accom
before was of a better class than
m?£ C ™^ e i 8 th^ thls madeibulldlns
iTnrovtn?f? s^ e ' but he did ¦ not . believt
H. P «wth e co ,? st ructlon of buildings
250 000^ Mr C °s'?^ n^ ad » membership of
»v s t eln bls» denounced tbe
Sf^f2?M. 8 ha . 1 con tractors are- said to
have with employes that the latter shall
Arkansas Slides Into the
Sea at Newport
« News.
LAUNCHING OF
A NEW MONITOR
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOTEM^EB 11, 1900,
24
A CRAND
VELVETEEN
WAIST.
S3.95 EACH.
Cood Value at $5.53.
Tou know from experience what to
expect here when a Waist Sale Is an-
nounced. There will be another record-
breaker here to-morrow. Such perfect
fittinsr and finely finished Waists can-
not be secured elsewhere un.ier $S 30
They are made of the best Velveteen,
tucked In front and back and .trimmed
with dainty steel buttons; in colors of
• "ardinai. Turquoise; New Blue. Green.
Brown, Gray, Purple and ' Mark;
r-izes 22 lo 44. On Epeclal eale at
$3.95 EACH.
ANOTHER SALE
OF
TAILOR-MADE SUITS.
SIO.95 EACH.
Regular Value J 17.50.
We succeeded in getting another lot of those stun-
ningly stylish suits th^t we had on special sale a
month ago. All arfe finely tailored; full flare skirt;
* style and workmanship of these suits are equal to any
a: double the price. Made of fine imported homespun
in Oxford Gray and Bro\vn;.-the jacket silk lined and
the skirt With percalinc. Special value
$10.95 EACH, r
EXTRA SPECIAL Black Crepon and Pierola Suiting. Choice styles in handsomest dfs'gns ; of high
MONDAY. S2.50 Values for $1.50 Yard. luster and blister-effects ; all of them new.
FRENCH
FLANNELS.
They are in erreat demand' this season.
Scarcely a woman will escajie the rage.
Ideal for Waists. Wrappers and Tea
Gowns. A icreat display here to-morrow of
plain, printed and embroidered Flannels at
50c, 75c, $1.25 Yard,
CALIF01NIA BLANKETS
¦J4.85.A-P/IV
Cood Value S7.OO .
One of the extra worthy attractions Mon-
day will be an offering of 100 pairs White
All Wool lilankets that we secured be-
low the present mill prices. They are
strictly 'pure wool, with pretty borders and
for double beds; exceptional value at
S4.85 Fair,
53-INCH BROADCLOTH, y 7 °.88
?a n .e Speclal S5.75 Suit.
If ever good values were offered in fine
colored drees good*, they will be found
nere to-morrow. \\> ghall place on sale
a new shipment of rich quality, superior
make French Broadcloth below the repular
y>rice. Your choice of any of these j>opu-
lar fall coloring* — Tan. «""a*tor. Orav. Car-
dinal. CJarnet. New Blue, Navy, Brown
and Black. The regular value CCC75
r 50 a suit. On j=ale at Suit. OO
A SALE OF
HIGH NOVELTY WAIST SILKS.
have prepared for a busy day in our Silk Department, for we know
these bargains will bring hundreds of eager buyers. We closed out over
2fO waist lengths, measuring from 3 1 * to 4 yards each nr.d no two alike-
All the rample pieces on hand by a foremost silk manufacturer. They
represent the rhoio*»t novelties of this peasmn. tneh as Embroidered Cord
Taretas. r\ixse Taffetas. Ilemstlti-hed TafTetas. Printed Warp _ ~ _
Taffetaa and Black Peau de Soie. whloh were helline; right ff 1 M Q FL
aloni5 for f I 00 and Jl 50 a yard. To dose them out Quickly ,7^ J, II M
we effer the entire Lot at your choke, each length VWIVW
ACTUALLY WORTH $6 OO TO $8
BOYS' UNDERWEAR
23c EACH
FOR MONDAY.
Boy* 1 winter weiRht
Natural Cray Jersey
RibhorJ Shirts, fleece
lined, covered seams,
with French n»<-k and
woven <-u?T!!, drawer*
to match ; the usual 40c
Quality.
Monday 23c Each.
75c and $1
HANDKERCHIEFS
Monday 39c Each
Tou must see these
to b^tt^r appreciate
thfm. Our buyer made
a lucky purchase of ex-
quisite and daintily em-
broidered Swisa Hand-
kerchiefs, edged with
very fine quality Bei-
grlum Lace; the regular
ladles' oize. On sale
for Monday only
39s Each
JCk J 4b BB For $3.00 Petticoat!, made of Mercerized
W" 1 1 §m ItaIitin Cloth, excelifr.t quality, with d»ep
1 %a ri a-ccordion-plalted flounce and trimmed
»f% I _ j| _ I with full ruf.".<?: In colors of Purr.!*, Hoyal.
U/ I I \J n^- Cyrano and Black. Hrgrulax value
tfh rh For 94.5O Silk Moreen Petticoats, mad*
Ell ¦¦ ¦B C ot the best 60c grade Moreen, finished la
"C B tne 1& test fashion with a 12-inch "accor-
«I»«P #¦! dion-plalted flounce, extra width and
115 WLM B ML. LJB lenffth. in colors of Lavender. Purple.
yr " "™ Blue. Mode. Gray. Red and Black. Regu-
lar value $4 GO.
/(3^ mn *\am Tor V1O.5O Bilk Petticoats, made of <9e-
¦]¦ M m§ t P«"Sabl« wearln* Taffeta 611k. full width.
Tlv ¦ . m ¦> finished with accordion-plaited flounoe,
J\ I § _ I extra dun rufr.e and ruche bottom. In
U£ B I£bU laehifwable color* cf C>ri«e, Old Ho?e,
• Bluet. Lavender. Purple. Uoyal and Black.
Rerular value J10 50 each.
TREMENDOUS PURCHASE OF PETTICOATS
We can truthfully say that TO-MORROW'S offering: surpasses any barprain event ever held In
this city. A special purchase Just concluded has placed us In possession of HUNDREDS of the MOST
DESIRABLE STYLES of Ladles 1 Taffeta Silk and Moreen Petticoats. They were closad out by our
New York buyer from a leading skirt manufacturer at fully ONE-THIRD less than their actual value.
Because he needed ready cash he was obliged to sacrifice them. This enables us to offer our patrons
the greatest values of the year. Following: are some of the notable price quotations :
SATISFACTION
GUARANTEED.
Every parefca**
made her* Is with
the strict under-
¦taadlnc that tou
are to be eatlsSed
or your money re>-
tund«d.
? n«w arrival of
fin* Gold Braids,
Bout aches an 4
Gauzes, also Gilt
Buttons in the d«s
slrable | •lies, and
all at the lowest
prices.
GOLD BRAID.
COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE , PROMPT ATTENTION.
$m ' a am For f'.OO Silk Petticoats, made of that
A jf 1 IZ sort of Taffeta that we can recommend
#1 U W% They are extra width, finished with a
M. B deep circular flounce and property faced;
IB B LH U In color? of Old nose. Cerlsa, Purplo,
Royal, lavender and Black. Rerular
value V «. '
oo
m
I DR. MEYERS k CO.
Established O^tlwl ALIS I S lS8t
Diseases and Weakness of Men.
Oldest, Largest and Best Equipped Medical Institute and
Most Extensive Practice. Founded Nearly Twenty
Years Ago. Consultation Tree at Office or by Mail.
Our treatment gives vim. vigor, vitality, strength and ambition to wcaJc
and despondent men. young or old, married or single, regardless of the cause
of their trouble. We stop -wasting: weakness, unnatural drains, losses, etc.
quickly and permanently.
We Also Cure ? ocalIe d Private and other contracted diseases,
vt niau VUIC including contagious blood poison, stricture, varl.
coceje, hrdroce'e, rupture, piles, diseases of the kidney, spine, bladder, etc.
Ailments which have become chronic and dangerous by bad treatment or neg-
lect yield quickly to gut superior skill. We supply all necessary medicines,
etc., from our own private laboratories free to patients.
Pay When Well- Any one doubting «»ur ability and -wishing
¦ o.j »t iiy.ii vtv,ii. to test our melhods> reme dies and appli-
ances may deposit the prfce> of a cure In any bank In San Francisco. IF A
CURE IS NOT EFFECTED IN A REASONABLE TIME THE BANK
WILL, RETURN THE MONEY. Payments may be made in monthly Install-
ments if preferred. Prices reasonable, alike to rich and poor.
M O iV\ E C U R P S Our hon"* cure system Is marvelously «uc
i • ** i j l» cessful - If you cannot visit San Francisco
write us In confidence and we will send you. sealed, by mail, a booklet which
contains a treatise on all disease and weaknesses of men. and a great deal of
other valuable information of a private nature. Cures sent safely bv mail or
express free from observation. DR. MEYERS & CO., Specialists for Men,
701 Market St. elevator i «our«. stosdaiiy.
1 t I „,,_„, ..„„ I Eveninfis, 7 to 8.
lUl SAN FRANCISCO. ENTRANCE I Sundays, ©toll.
A MAN 0#0WER
You Can Regain Your Vigor From Dp. McLaugh-
lin's Electric Belt. No Cure, No Pay. a
Bring roe a man all run down from ex-)
ceeses. overwork, sickness, malaria or any!
condition which exhauxts the vitality, and'
I agree to make him as sound and vigorous
as he ever was in his life, or I wfil notl
a*k a cent In payment— in fax*. I don't ask
pay till I'\ r e done my. work, anyhow. - (
Pump a stream of vital Electricity'
into the body while you sleep, j I
That's my plan." When you awaken. In
the morning after a refreshing sleep -your!
first vensatlon Is one cf self-confldence.!
then ambition and a light-hearted desire
to be up and fighting your way in the
world. My Belt makes a man of the punl-
e*t specimen of . manhood. .It develops'
shrunken muscles, pu{s Fprings in the legs
and Joy in the heart.
The No Cure, No Pay Plan makes It
easy tor any man to be cured.
1 don't ask any man willing to secure me
»>.*?? rf . Cent unt11 cured - * charge for
what I give, and you take no chance*. I
r.V? wonderful appliance, and it doos
ail I claim, so I can guarantee It. All the
drugs m the world will not produce as
much real strength as my Belt, which has
cured after they ha\e . failed.
READ MY BOOK.
I want every weak man to call and ex-
amine my Belt. If not. write for my beau-
dir'ect WUh fU " lnrorma "on- Call or
•Office hours— 9 a. m. to 8:30 p. m.; Sunday, 10 to 1.
DR. M. A. McLaughlin, ffi '*$$&%£&• '«•"«*•
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Rescued
From Drink
Heroic Work of a Girl in Saving Her Brother
From Drunkenresa. .
Put a Eemedy in His Coffee an! Without
- His Knowledge of tho Secret
Was Completely Curei
The terrible evil of drunkenness has at last
found a conqueror. Mls» Mary Roberta, of 1033
Golden Gate ave., San Francisco. Cal., will
gladly tell any lady who will write her how
she naved her brother from ruin and her words
burn with a new .hope to ever*- woman who
would rescue a son, brother or husband from
the scourge of drunkenness.
MISS MART ROBERTS.
"May every mother, eister or daughter learn
from my experience,' is my devout hope, and in
thus making public the story of our private
misfortune and . subsequent blessings It . la toy
earnest desire, that every woman read In ray
words the way to happiness not. only for her-
self but for the man who is struggling with the
curse of liquor upon him.- Dr. Habies who dis-
covered Golden Specific Is deserving of .wom-
an's homage and I am glad to know that h«
will send a free trial package of the remedy to
¦every woman who writes him. -
• "Send your rouna and address to' Dr J W
Haines. 3103 Glenn Building. Cincinnati. Ohio.'
and he will rnall the remedy to yon In a plain,
sealed package and thus you j ean begin tho
cure at once. A Tho remedy is odorless and taste.
, less and you need have no fear of discovery."
ATiVkk.'I'IHIIIM
Drug I
Packages I
Labeled I
The Owl I
IS A GUARANTEE to tha pnrw g
chasing public that tho drugs p
are PtliE, and our customers I
at the same time have the satis- If
factlop. of knowing that they 1
are making a SAVING of from 1}
10 to 60 p«r cent— "just one in- ft
stance," only a small item— 'A
OUR PRICE OX MENTfAN-S fl
TALCUM POWDER for babies II
Is 15c: plenty of stores charge I
So a box. M
We could give many hundreds B
of other Items where the sav- |5
Ing is as great. E|
In Alameda County our store H
Is In Oakland. Tenth and BroacT- I
way, where customers receive- I)
the same attention a» in all our H
other stores. * B
«TflE OWL I
DRUG CO., I
CUT-RATE I
DRUGGISTS, I
1128 Market St., |
4uS5m5SI EANr fraxciscq. g
r^xg^^. bottle LunCo;
/ MCBURNEY'S
f€R* l^KOy? 14 Bladdar
/ . *WW Wa " e JCURK
VA iyy A thorough euro tor
fe*j f £ pains In the back,
V» JtV BBICHT'S DISEASE.
M '1^ fei°» lft tronblei. incon-
tinence Of urine.' brici dnst deposits, bed-
wetting oi children, gravel, gall stones,
dropsy, diabetes, and rhetiinattim.
Thousands endorse It, Write for tasttmo.
nials. Price $1.50. All Dnisztats.
W F McBnrney. Bole Manufacturer, £
418 South Spring St., Los Angeles, Cal.
i > visit OR- JORDAN'S crcatJ
OF ANATQHY*
(f Q& ISaiUSXZTST.Twt.toAfti.S.r.Ca'.^
\ fcy The Uar?r«t AattfOical Mosenm in tf, \
#-2_J* Lt . Wottd Wttinww cr »rry contracted A
*5T *M «!'•«»« p"-"»*« 1 '* | T €«•«¦•* hy the olant V
W «J&? toil => P eculIii « caUh - CdiK. Mtt,yijou%. <M
A ifjgf j CR.ttaOAM-P1IJYA?E DISEASES J
\ 0 {$Sfl)§ _ t -< 13 * olf «*-n *r-n ar.d strlctW prlvittj. \
3 I JJ*talT" me^ P" SOI »"y <" b« letter. A J
r a fr Ctll /•»«»• euro ia every cue aaderaJten. "
"¦11 ll" liAiiaiACE. mailed #«aa. i a 9
eA jjf NhotM book few mm) \
till JOBDA^Ai:O.105lMari#tSt..S.P V
m* fTfc *!**» «i "tfc III II *F* n» _» _' 5L
AT>^ f:K,Vi:k^. nn p:i^-[-^Cadot's Downward Career.
Mrs. Josephine Potet. 145 Fifth street,
swore to, a complaint. In Judge Conlan's
court yesterday charging Hlppolyte P.
Cadot with misdemeanor embezzlement.
She accuses. him of disposing of a silver
watch valued at $4 which she gave Into
his care on August 1. Cadot was secre
tary in the Chilean consulate here, and Is
now waiting -his trial in Judge Lawlor's
court on the charge of obtaining money
by false pretenses while In the consulate
from shippers by means of fraudulent
certificates. H» was out on bonds, but
was surrendered by his bondsmen Thurs
day and is now In the County Jail.
The Excursion Will Be Large and
Important.
The excursion to Mexico, which leave*
on Wednesday next, will be a complete
success and of far more than ordinary
significance. It will probably be the larg
est and most representative ever organ
ized In this 8tate for so long and Impor
tant a trip. The train will consist of flv«
and possibly six cars and the demands
are already ample to justify the taking
of a dininp car.
The party Is composed of representa
tives from almost every section of th«
Pacific Coast, including the Northwest,
and there need be no surprise if the ex
cursion develops Into a genuine commer
cial Invasion.
Arrangements are practically completed
now but those having it in hand, wish to
emphasize the importance of retting- tick
ets without another hour's delay bythoaij
who intend to join the party. This is
really necessary for the good oX all con
cerned.'. ;
IN A DINING
CAR TO MEXICO
BARBAJLA. HOFFMANN SAYS
JOHNSON WAS FICKLE
Sues Man She Claims Promised to
Marry H.jr for Breach of
Promise.
Barbara Hoffmann complains that M.
Johnson is an ardent but fickle wooer and
for his fickleness she asks\that the. court
compel him to pay her $20,000 damages.
Mrs. Hoffmann alleges that on August 22
last she yielded to Johnson's constant
proposals and promised to become his
wife. He has failed to lead her to the
altar, however, and for his alleged
breach of promise she demands the Judg
ment stated.
The plaintiff' is a divorced Woman and
resides at 2419 Tenth street. West Berke
ley. Johnson Is - a navigator and lives at
1217 Haskell street. Lorin, a station near
Berkeley.
collected to $3 or $4, or even more if judgment
1* docketed against him in the' courts. ' Un
fortunately most of these cases are against
tenants who return their furniture for $30 or
about that amount, and whose employment and
circumstances* re such that they are not aware
that they owe'any taxes until they are served
with papers In a suit, and all the attending
costs are added, they • believing the receipted
tax -bill the Deputy Assessor gave them at
the time they were i assessed covered all the
taxes they were liable for.
It is to be hoped that the coming Legislature
will enact a law remedying this manifestly
unjust,, oppressive and expensive method of
The article published in last Sunday's
Call that Frank P. Haynes, collector ot
delinquent taxes, was about to begin
about 30,000 actions agalr.st personal prop
erty holders has resulted In much in
quiry of the deputies in the Assessor's
office from poor people who are trying to
find out why they are thus annoyed. Thi.
suits are for the collection of a slight
increase in the tax rate of 1808 over that
of 1897, the taxes having been collected
at the rate fixed for (he last named year.
Assessor Dodge agrees .with Tax Col
lector Scott that the statute on the sub
ject la obnoxious and works a hardship.
Dodge urges the passage of an act by the
Legislature to remedy the oppressive way
of collecting a few cents delinquent taxes.
Yesterday he issued tilt, following state
ment In regard to the subject: • :
An act approved March 28, 1895, Imposed the
duty on the Assessor of San Francisco to col
lect personal property taxes before the first of
July (when the same are not secured by real
estate) at the rate of taxation -of the previous
year. . The time fixed by law for the Super
visors to make the rate of taxation Is subse
quent to the time the Assessor - is authorized
to collect the same. As the total rate of tax-
Delinquencyof Taxes Caused
by Rate Change Works
Hardship.
URGES REPEAL OF
OBNOXIOUS LAW
atlon for State, county and city purposes can
not be fixed , until September, and is seldom
alike, and tho valuation made by the Assessor
is subject to a flat increase by the State Board
of Equalization, it follows that the amount
collected by the Assessor can never be the
exact amount of taxes.
The chapter, .article IV, chapter S, section 3,
requires the Tax Collector to appoint an attor
ned to prosccuto actions to collect delinquent
taxes. Thus it happens that a delinquent tax
of 4 cents caused cither by the raise of valua
tion by the State Board of Equalization, or a
change In either the State or city rate of tax
ation results in increasing the amount to be
collecting a few cents delinquent taxes— and
at an expense of over S100O- to the city to refund
the taxes If lowered, and a loas of 15 per cent
of the tax which is paid to the attorney for
collecting if the amount of the taxes Is raised.
MBS. CBAVEN DEMURS TO
PEHJUBY INDICTMENT
The "Document Filed Before Judge
Cook and Argument Is Set for
December 8.
Attorney T. D. Riordan yesterday filed
a demurrer In Judge Cook's court to the
indictment charging Mrs. Nettie R.
Craven with perjury. Mrs. Craven was
in court, attended by a nurse, and looked
In much better health and spirits than on
her last appearance a week ago. She is
still using her crutches.
The demurrer is brief and alleges that
the indictment does not substantially
conform. to the requirements of sections
050, Ml and 952 of the Penal Code; that
the facts stated do not constitute a pub
lice offense and that the indictment con
tain? matters which, if true, would con
stitute a legal justification and legal ex
cuse of the offense charged and a legal
bar to the pros'ecution. On these grounds
the defendant claims to be dismissed.
After the demurrer had been read it was
agreed that the argument of counsel
thereon* should be heard December 8.
BANNER CELEBRATION.
Union League Club Asks Possession
of Republican Trophy.
The directors of the Union League Club
met yesterday afternoon and decided to
ask the Republican County Central Com
mittee to make the club the custodian of
the banner which Alarr.eda County is un
der the necessity of surrendering to San
Francisco. If the club be made custodian
the directors recommend that the county
committee join with the club in inviting
the Oakland Republican Alliance to de
liver the banner next Saturday night at
the Union League Club's rooms at the
Palace Hotel.
The directors authorized President
Booth to appoint a committee of three to
arrange details. He appointed Tirey L.
Ford, W. M. Abbott and D. E. McKinlay.
The committee will meet Monday after-
The directors decided that the Bear Club
and -Phoenix Club be invited to act as es
cort to the Oakland Alliance in its march
from the ferry depot to the Palace Hotel.
Since the transfer of the banner is not
to be made part of a general jollification
meeting those who are anxious to see a
meeting at which the Republican landslide
will be duly celebrated are urging the
State and county committees to take that
matter in hand.
PAVING OF DOWNTOWN
STREETS BEC03OTENBED
Board of Works Requests Supervisors
to Improve Grant Avenue — Alta
Theater Condemned.
The Board of Public Works met yester
day and adopted resolutions asking for j
permission to improve, under guarantees
of maintenance for ten years, Sacramento •
street, from Montgomery to Battery,
•with bituminous rock or basalt, on a foun- I
dation of cobbles, at an estimated cost of |
$3077; Clay street, from Montgomery to !
Battery, same material, cost $3120; Pine J
street, from Sansome to Battery, cost |
521 H3.
The board recommends the paving- of ;
Grant avenue, from O'Farrell to Bush ,
street, except those portions already j
paved. The cost is c&tirhated at $7087. !
1^500 of which will be paid by the property |
owners. The Grant Avenue Improvement i
Club petitioned for the work.
The construction of bunkers for street ;
sweepings on the lot at Eleventh and Bry- !
ant streets at a cost of $55o5 was also rec- !
omroended. . ¦ j
At a joint meeting of the Boards of I
Works and Fire Wardens yesterday after
noon a resolution was adopted requesting |
the Board of Supervisors to pass an or- ;
dlnance condemning the Alta Theater and \
ordering its immediate closing. The build- :
ing is regarded by the two first named ,
boards as being: dangerous to human life. \
The Alcazar Theater will be required to i
have its curtain roll from the top instead
of the bottom in order that metal grooves
may be constructed.
Auditor Wells Will Sign the Demands
for Repairs to Schoolhouses With
out Concurrence of Superin
tendent Webster.
•
Mayor Phelan. Superintendent of Schools
Webster and Treasurer Brooks,, compris
ing the Public School Teachers' Annuity
and Retirement Fund Commission, met
yesterday morning and passed the de
mands, of thirty-one annuitants, aggre
gating $4029 65. Seven teachers were placed
on the pension list, as follows: Miss K.
F. McColgan. Mis- Nora G. Sullivan, Mrs.
Aure!ia Griffith*,, Miss A. A. Hill. Miss
Laura M. Barrows, Miss E. A. Cleveland
and Miss >". J. Canham.
{superintendent Webster, secretary of
the commission, tiled the following report,
which was adopted:
The income of the annuity fund at present is
$350 per month, of which one-quarter (foes to
the pumiiuent fund. The latter funil now
amounts to fll.OOu anil must be kept Intact un
til It reaches the sum of $00,i*h.. The amount
in pensions raid monthly is $1154 SS. It will be
necessary, beginning January l, 1901, to enforce
the pro rata clause of th«> law. This provides
that whenever the revenue Is less than the
expenditures only that proportion of the pen
sion shall be j aid that the incom« bears to ih<»
expenses. On January 1. 1S01, but 80 r**>" t p nt
of the annuities will be jiaid, and if no fur
ther additions are made to the annuities only
50 per c< nt r.fter that time.
The controversy that has existed be
tween the Board of Education and Super
intendent of Schools Webster over the re
sponsibility for repairs to schoolhouses Is
about to end. Auditor Wells received a
verbal opinion vesterday from his attor
neys, Lloyd & Wood, that a clear reading
of the charter did not necessitate the sig
nature of the Superintendent on the de
mands for labor or material required for
repairing schoolhouses. Mr. Wood and
City Attorney Lane held a conference yes
terday and it was agreed that the Board
of Public Works must do the repairing,
with the approval of the Board of Educa
tion and on the latter's recommendation.
The two attorneys concluded that the Su
perintendent does not enter into the prop
osition at all. and it is not necessary for|
him to audit the demands.
Upon that showing Auditor Wells has
requested that Wood and Lane put their
findings in written form and he will then
audit the demands for all repairs on
schoolhouFos. The demands of some twen
ty-one laborers in the repair department
will then be paid. Superintendent Web
ster is perfectly satisfied to be excused
from sipninp the demands, but says that
if his sipnature is required he would in
sist on the repairs being made in regular
form.
Pensions to Be RcducedNext
Year Owing to Shortage
in Fund.
SEVEN TEACHERS
ARE PLACED ON
ANNUITY LIST
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 11, 1900.
25
Severs! Thousand new-sty !e Suits and Overcoats dosed*
out by our Eastern buyer from various manufactur-
ers of high-grade cloth.ng— now pn saie at about
70c on (he $1.OO.
We are closing out the en-
tire line of "Stut (garter"
Smitury Underwear for ladies
atid children — Vests, Pants
and Combination Suits. A
splendid opportunity to btiv
this celebrated Underwear at
25 per cent off reg-
ular prices.
Groceries— Liquors
Highest Grade
truits — Special g: — jg^
sa e on Mcnlav of
the famous "Vic-
tory" brand Fruits, .•^SKSK. QjL
put up for the Em- 0!§32n * if?
por ium in he ary syr- B/lj i
up, full 3-1D cans: mffij^m
Peaches Apricots S^^^^^^v >
Pears Cherries r " *
Raspberries
Sold regal irly 30c per can; to- —
morrow, per dozen. $2.90; car. *dC
S'.ring Beans— Extra Standard, regu-
larly 13c; Monday, per can lOo
Standard Sugar Corn — Monday, per
can - .............. ,,7o
Rolled Oats— Best East3rn, Monday,
10 lb» 25O
Sugar Peas— "Golden Rule" brand,
can .-. •• : — 12o
Washing Powder— Cudahy's, Mon-
dty, 12 packages 25o
Sugar — Fine Dry Granulated, 17 lbs
$1.OO
Full Cream Eastern Cheese — Monday,
per lb .:.. 17o
Sautcrne — Our popular o-jear-o'.d wiee.
M jndav. per gallon — 6Oc
Tom Gin- Thome's Imported, regularly
$1.00 per bottle; Mondar 75o
Bourbon Whiskey — Kentucky Balle,
6 years old. our regular $3.00 ner gil-
ion grade; Monday $2.33
Naglee Brandy— Gjnuina white label,
25 year.'* eld, nothing; better to be had.
per bottle - $1.15
Holiday Books.
Early buyers will avoid disappointment.
Gibson's 1900 Drawings — entit'ed
'"Americans" — publisher's prica 25.00,
oar price $3*85
"Pictures and Poems"— by Dante
Gabriel Ro sttti — perfectly reproduced
— almost equaling tho originals is
beauty, and are similar to carbon
prints on gray mounts— publisher** prioa
$5.00, onr price ... — ~.$4.OO
"Funny Folks'*— by Howarth — bainp
thi lunny pictures and scenes gathered
from Puck, and handsomely published —
pnblhher's price $4.C0, our price.........
- $2.5O
"Down South" — by Eickemeyer — the
best pictures of the South before tha
war yet published— publisher's price
$1.50, onr prise -.. $1,2O
Undormuslin Dop'i.
This stock is crowd-
19^ ed with noTelties for
ffrafe Holiday uses. Better
Vjfc^a*i muslin wear cannot fca
\f. jif bonght, and onr prices
are ' a^ r « Corsets ia
larga Tariety ia all
WHiF$Vmnh 15abIe tranda.
jjj^i IP jy/ Ladies' French hand-
<&Sw. -Ill "Til j£ made Maslin Gowns
f8n «• A: if *2-so
I ft ill II I'll Ladi «»' FUanelette
("If l)j I Gowns.^ 7BO
J I Ladies' Flannelette
Gowns, extra wide-
S7.OO
Ladies' Eridal Sets, 4 pieces, lace trimmed
$10.50
Babie>* Mitts, all wool.. ...... ...~...25c
Babies' Mitts, sit rift ~..~BOo
Babies' Leggins, Jersey Cloth.......... 75o
Babies' Worsted S.cqaa3 50o
Ladies' Fascinators- 7 So
Babies' Bcoters ~ ,...18c
Children's Dresses, a'l wool, for a?6< 6 to
14 years $2.5O
Infants' Dresses Cashmere Flannelettes,
ages 1 to 4 ...,50o
Children's Automobile Coats-
Ages 6 to 14 ..$4.59
Children's fine Coats, best makes, a^e-t 6
to 14. $7. SO
Cbiliren'd fine Hats..... $2.50
Children's Caps, Bilk and silk-lined... 75o
Neckwear and Fans.
Advanced
holiday 'f$^\
latest Paris _i^^M^l(*7\
and N«w CsSsSJ^'V-n
Ycrk novel- W*&%£\U
ties in La- «§*3£iubsS^
Empire" t^^^,^. w
painted—
carved r"t^^>^^SfeV>
wood ;,.-," *M^ ..'
stick'
5U^, 75o. $1.25 '•¦3*&%§l%Sk>
Gauze Empire Fans . JbS^m^
— H3nd-Daint«i or span- i^l^^^!;
gled — carved bjne»t;ck« j^^P^SsQ,^
..-S1.6O to S3.5O Wm&&%
Ostrich Fans— Carwi -^^^^
bone or shell sticks —
new style $1 SO to S7.5O
Lace Barbes — Aopliqie or Duches3e
Lace — also Point V-nise „..
$1.00 to $4.50
Embroidered Tnrnover Collars-
- 25c to 75o
Lace Fichus-rFor opera or evening
wear $3.50 to $72.51)
Novelty Jabot— Made of soft Chif-
fon and Applique Laca
— 31.25 to $3.5 O
Twice- Around Ties- Taffeta silk....
• ....50c, 75o
Ostrich Boas — Selected high grado
feathera, black, eray or.natural u....
$10.00 to $22.50
Chalfant & Chalfant, dentists, have
moved from 141 Powell to 311 Taylor. •
1OOO shares LION OIL CO.'S
STOCK, which has just struck a big
gusher in the Sunset District, Kern
County, for sale at 75c. We have an
option on this amount for a few days
only. Will sell the whole block or
any part of it. Apply
James R. T. Mershon,
Oil,- Land and Stock Broker, 537-538-
539 Farrott Building, San Francisco.
SADTTAI'S BJSADY REtlK* 1 has stood
unrivaled before the public for SO years aa a
Pain Remedy. It Instantly relieves and Quickly
cures 'all Colds. Sor* Throats. Infiuensa. Bron-
chitis. Pneumonia. RneumaUsst. Neuralgia.
Headache. Toothache and all pains. lotarnally
for Malaria and all Bow«l Pa£uJ j^ drjf jUu.
Price 26 cents. Ail dru^Kiets, or sent post
paid on receipt of price. DR. PAUL DE
FORD. 171 N. Sprint St.. Los Angeles. C*i.
I CREfflE DE LIS i"^5 1
t ran, pimples, blot;hes and all. oily exuiations, leaving the skin J
> -oft and velvety. For sale by all Druggists and General i
J Dealers. . ,. '
THE WOMAN'S HOME COMPANION
. This favorite ladiss' magazine sent for a 1713 T7T7
whole year . ¦ : : ] $*$£***
Send stamp for particulars to-day, as only 1000 subscriptions
will be given away. AJdress Adv. D.*pt. E. B. ; - HAKRING :
TON & CO., M'f rs:, Los Angeles, Cal.
•••eeoo9eee«««e««too««c«c«w««cdw9e9««««
TO THE PUBLIC!
SAN FRANCISCO. Oct.
/Zn>± r \% 6. liuO— To whom It may
£j^j t t»Jiiij< roncorn: This 1» to certify
B^r V that DK. WONO HIM of
\<jfet£ f 116-117 Mason street. San
a/ f w / Francisco, has cured me
«fc}2sS / °* kidney trouble and
£!£/%!»/ rheumatism and I am
JSjW— A happy to mik» this state-
V&V**"**"^ ment. as I find the Doctor
fS*^y^l~^htt>^3 t-trtctly honrst In every
*$V>tf •^SYftV trr.f. of the word and an
**»vw-Vw-V honorable man In all hit
dealings. DR. C A. GAT. Dentist, 90S Second
ave., Seattle, Waah.
PIVOIvE. June 21. 1SJ9.— I take thli meaai of
ex^rVrS my think, to Dr. Won* Him. 115-
117 Miiol rtreet. San Francisco, for having
cnrt-4 me of kidney, womb trouble and cancer
or the etomach. I *** a '5
year* and found no permanent relief until I
tried Dr. Wonz Him and tn «bc months' time
he has cured me. Any person wishing me .to
certify thl. can flnd^me. GEbRGE BETZ
Pinole, Contra Coeta County. CaL
S F. December 4. 1S9S— Dr. Won* Him. 115-
m'M&soa «t- S. F.. C*l.— I>«?*r Sir: For th«
benefit of other* I wj*h to make «. statement of
my case, which w«* heart trouble. Aft»r treat-
ing "with six eminent physicians my case was
tfonouni t& Incurable. • Hearing of Dr. Wong
Him »nfl his wonderful cure*. I decided to try
h<* herb treatment. He did all he claimed, and
eJtrr treating alz raontb* I am now well and
¦Irons- Tour*, respectful! yy.
MRS. BARLOW. 1K7 Ml«Ion «t., 8. F.
Pin Cushions.
Perfectly nnde Pin Cushions, covered
ri h :r with mu3 in or satin ia a 1 col-
ors. Tha cushion' are maie by ma-*
chinery and fil ed with desiccated wood-
so much batter than sawdust, as fiey
retain th*ir shape —
Muslin Covered..lOc, 15c, 2Oc, 2SC, 35c
Satin Covered..2Oc, 25c, 35c, 45c, 60c
Fine Blankets.
We h'.v.i opened up a large line of fine
Ci ifornia Blanket; fiat we'e contracted
for before the advance in wool. Our sell-
ing price is leas th n we cou d now buy
thtm for at th* mill. Th^e are all r e -
ftc ly mnde, srlid goxs that wi 1 4jive
entire »vi>f ct on.
Fine Wh : te Cilifornia Blankets— 70 in:he3
$6 35
Fine Wni'e California BUnkets — 68 inches
wide, 6J lb?. wei,ht — <ge Qs
very special vilue- pair &&*£*&
Same grade for Single Beds— bet weel
~l.!l.!!!!^l^ $3.95
Silver Gray Bed Blmkats — a fine grade
Men's Furnishings.
Combination Lnderwear — Shirts
and Drawers woven in one garment-
fits like a glove — e'a-tic — no drawers
to sag — no shirts to nil up in the back
— warmth, comfort — freedom of sct^
—each ..$1.50 to $5.00
Fancy Hosiery — Slylish dot pattern
—2 pai-8 25c
Wool Socks — Made without peanr —
pray*. ia n . vcuni and b'a k — piir.25c
Men's Mufflets — M-de of wcr ten
yarn, and 'ooks ike the upper part of i
sweater— h-nk* at Ihs back— an idfa 1
chest and neck protector — each..
~.50c to $1.25
Men's Sweaters— Heavy Darby Ri>,! e j
Woo! — woven without seams — *ifh a
good frm cJhr lint fits close to ili9
neck — in miny different colorings -
each.......: • $1.tiO
Buttersck Patterns.
Butierick Patterns and pub icatio.T« for
Dtfcamber are now on aalj. Fa«hion
Sheets and Catalogues, containing i. lustra-
tions of the newest styles, free on re-
quest.
The December number of The Deline-
a'or competes a vj;iim? that is remark-
able in the hiUory of ids nngaxine. Fore>
mosi since it3* foundation as a Fashion
Journil. it ha* now, in addition, taken a
p'ace amocg the bo.«t litfjarv periodicals
of i*« cass. Ic con'ains 18S pages, re-
flate WithF-ishio i Note? and I iU5trat r ons,
Embrcidery and Art Need eworK, Christ-
mas Song* and Short Scoriev together
with the various household .-ketches and
.*u;ge3tion3 that havi male Thj D.line-
«tor famon«. Tue D.c?n-.ber is-ue —
Chr:stma* Numbsr — represents the best
eifrr.s of the pab.ishars.
PJce, by 5ub*cription, $1 per ye^r.
Single cope* 13 Cents*
Butterick Pattern Department.
Main Floor, back of rotunda.
"Ths Ameer" Music.
All cf the minis that will b3 snag , by
Frank Dmith at the Columbia Theater
this week U on sale at our Music D^pirt-
men'. — eoond floor.
' The Ameer,' fall score ,.$2.OO
Son?8 from 'The Ameer." each -.25
Librett03 of ' T.ie Ameer" .25
"The Amser" Waltzas ...38
"The Amee;" Alirch .25
"Ih* Am?er' Lancers .25
''Uramard's Ragtime Fo-
Ho," containing 25 ragt. me march's.
.75
Fieisher's Yarns.
Skirts made of Fiei*her Y on are the
best that cm be made. Oi-rri'e —
per ,b $1.20
Tea Set, $3.16.
r*ted
Tea S t,
piece?,
for 12 persons— Tv a Po l , Suzar Bo-vl, Cra* ro
Pitcher, Bowl, 12 P.ates. 12 Cns and
Siucert., decjrated in ] ink. b ue or green;
wil; b? eo!d on Monday only; £>*» g**
(oaiflete set f< r &t$*3&
Warm Feet.
A manufacturer
re'SS closed out to
*£pBg|RSjL us the balance
J*?v2K?!j! of a line of La-
£$®$&\ dies' Black
|Vc^.>^ Felt Juliets
— at out 20 0
trimmed, hanfltarnoi so'es, a cimfoit-,
able winter slipper, which the big
store effera for Monday on y — «
at 73C
Oil Heaters
at Cut Price Monday.
Our 19 0 0 1 Heater far surpas-fe< anv
thv. we have hithono oTared, no smo^e
nor fmell abso utely anfe. og.1t ::nd
strong wriught iron and nickel fini«h,
top ran b3 removed sa as' to h*at wiler
iitted with a bail so as to be e*»Fi v oa*ried
from ro m to room, has a No. 3 burner,
whi h is a size larger than heaters of
this size u ualiy hnw; our special in-
irod'c'iry price for this g>n oy
$4.50 Hever. MuHy only &<S*O £
25c Razor Strops, 14c
A tmall iot 144) ComJinuion Razor
Sirops, bMh the ' two and four fide
kind*, regularly 25c each; en tf j*
Monday f^ff
Shoe Pockets, 27c.
253 enly— 8-poik-3C Shoe B ij;s, brown
linen, the pockets bound with red Iriid
and stampad in a variety of design?,
worth 'half as mu:h ajlin as *j>-y
Monday's special price, each... *2 m €2
5Qo Table Damask 36c.
For Monday only, one case of I leached
Table Dannsk, Irish manufacture, fully
6J inches wide, in an assortment of
neat patterns, value 50c a prd^jj
— special price *OC
18c Dress Lining 12c.
Blscx Moire finish PercaiiSe Skirt Lining,
36 inches wida, 2' pieces— about 6x>
yards— of tfcis excellent, qua'ity of
cloth, worth I83 a yard, on «*j> —
sjeciil sale Mjnday M4SG
$L00-$L25 Silks, 58 7
An assort d ot «f fincv Wiin Si k ,
about 6uO yards, all good desiiaole
co-o i'gs and t..e v^ry latest st les
such as PI ?eo strides, hes stripes an
coH'd stripe?, nnst of then in eo;id
co oring«. fuch as ih; new re eias, rel,
gollin, o d io?e, blu», he jjtrope, etc.,
in p eces rangi-g in .»n?th from 10 to
20 yards, silks who e actual retail
values are $1.00 ani $1.25
per yard; on special sa e &&&£&%
Monday orly «^«*«^
25c, 35c, 50c Veilings,
Monday, 12c 23 Yarst.
Th; ba'.atcj ui a New Yjrk irnpo:!.-'! j
choicest 25c, 3 ic and oi)c Vei ings, in
khi mos: becoming si -si t meihes with
ve v?t or chenille r=j,ot.s. blnck. magu e,
I r3wnand royal, S{1 n id style?; *»*»
srecial Monday on.y per yard... h£G
So many letters about bathing have
come to me from readers of this paper
in the past week or two that I have
decided to devote this talk to baths,
which are almost as great an institu-
tion in these times as they were fiwig
a.gx> in decadent Rome. But the Ro-
ir.ans bathed because It was fashion-
able; because they heard the gossip of
the day at the baths, because all there
v.-as perfume and elegance. And so they
carried bathing to an extreme that did
much to overthrow their empire.
To-day Americans bathe more than
any other nation, excepting, perhaps,
the Japanese. But we take our bath
because we wish to keep strong and
well; because we wish to be clean with
that cleanliness that throws off disease.
Therefore I would like everyone who
reads this to realize that it is just as
important not to bathe Improperly as it
Is to bathe at all. What is meat to one
may be poleon to another, and there-
fore It behooves every woman to study
her own constitution thoroughly before
she goes in for any one special kind of
bathing.
For the average person I would sus-
«st a cold plunge every morning. The
tub should be filled with cold water.
the body be brought to a glow with
exercise or rubbing, and a quick plunge
taken into the water. Sten out at once,
and rub the body thoroughly dry with
a coarse towel. If, however, after a.
bath of this kind the body should feel
at all chilled. It Is a sign that the prop-
er reaction does not take place, and it
should be discontinued at once.
Thin, nervous or anaemic women
Ehould not take the cold plung'?: it is
most effective for persons who are
stout or inclined that way. for it hard-
ens the muscles and prevents the too
rapid laying on of flesh.
A thin or ar.aemic person will find a
quick sponge bath, with moderately
warm water, the most satisfactory.
This b.ith should be taken every morn-
ing. For those who are troubled with
Insomnia I would suggest a hot bath
Just before retiring, and a quick rub
down with alcohol afterwards. Ner-
vous women, or those troubled with
any female disorder, will find a quick
6porg<? down the spine every morning
upon arising a most effective means of
strengthening.
Of course such bathine doesn't mean
external cleanliness. One might take
a cnld sponge or plunge every morning
cf the year, and yet not be clean unless
cleansing baths also were taken. Cold
baths are to strengthen the muscles
ar.<3 nerves, to create a reaction that
shall enable the pores of the skin to
throw off any impure matter.
Let the woman who would be clean
cleanse her face thoroughly at night
v.ith soap and warm water, and see
that her nails are well brushed. Then
enter a tub of warm water, scrub the
body thoroughly with soap, rinse off.
and dry. Rubbing the body afterwards
velth toilet water gives the flesh a de-
lightful softness and color. In the
morning upon rising every woman
ehould use the douche with moderately
warm water, lf she would keep herself
free from female troubles. (Often it is
advisable to use some antiseptic in the
water.) Very often, however, the aches
and pains of early womanhood have
been passed unheeded, and as a result
few women are without those troubles
thct are so great a menace to our sex.
Perfect health means no pain; perfect
cleanliness no inflammation. If we
have one or the other, even those
troubles that women are wont to con-
sider the inheritance of their sex. we
cannot be In perfect physical condition.
And to all who wish to be in such con-
dition let me whisper a word of advice:
Look carefully after your bathing, use
the douche as regularly as you take
your morning meal, and take Lydia E.
Pir.kham's Vegetable Compound. There
isn't a day in a woman's life on which
she couldn't take a warm bath; and If
she finds herself unable to do so, It is
because she is not well, and needs Mrs.
Pinkham's medicine.
I do wish I could impress upon all
the importance of this treatment. So
many write to me asking for advice
about health and cleanliness, but al-
ways about the outside of the body.
That the ekln ought to be in good con-
dition every woman understands; but
she doesn't seem to realize that it takes
more heroic measures than bathing to
cure blackheads and other eruptions of
trre skin. They are the result of the
Internal condition of our bodies, and
•would be cured If the organs of our sex
•were properly looked after. How can
«ny one expect to have a perfect skin,
even if she does clean It every day, If
she goes month after month suffering
pains that nature never Intended for
her? Let her get strength from Lydia
E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound;
let her use the vaginal douche every
day. and her monthly pains will soon
disappear, and with them the eruptions
on the skin. Let every woman who
•would be perfectly clean bathe intelli-
gently, use the douche regularly and
keep her organs free from disease by
the UBe of Mrs. Pinkham's medicine.
HELEN MARVIN'.
Helen Marvin Offers Suggestions to
Women on the Best Way to Keep
the Body Clean and Healthy.
BATHS AS THEY
SHOULD BE TAKEN
2Oc Flannelettes 9c Yd.
11,500 yards imported heavy weight Eng-
lish Flannelettes, extra wide, both sides
alike, stylish medium co'orings, a de-
sirable fabric for house suits, wrappers,
underskirts, etc., made to sell at 20c a
yard; a great special o.ffering for q
Monday mfC
Calendars— The bean- qgPMCMP W*ftjBin^f^sgR\^ ffl JBtfl Candies — New stand
display in main aisle, gflBIP? ac%& head of stairs leadin 5 from
rear of store; thousands pjP 1 jfjofalhpil'fffcmlg ftaTJ* 3 * 1 *- ladies* parlor. Ssme delicious
of novelties. California's largest-America's orandest store, candies as sod on miin floor.
;**** * ***********
WWWW?* * II*********************** * ***************************** * *:
THE EMPORIUM.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPOBITJM.
TEE EMPORIUM.
The Big Toy Display.
No other Toy Show this side of New York can approach the great display that is now ready
to gladden the hearts of children big and little. It covers 30,000 square feet of floor space, and era-
braces toys frcm t\\ parts of Europe and America wh^re toys are made. Bring the children to see tha dolls, their homes ward-
robes and furniture, the rew games atd toys, the ro ses and wagon--, and wonderful boats and trains of car* operated by their
own steam. Tbeir happiness in the midst of this fairyland d splay w.ll ful y recompense you for the time and troub'e of bringing
tb em. ' : .
Doll SftCGfal— A handsom?, full pat-
ent joint-
D >tl, 25 r«(^»X lT*^ m ~
showing mjltjl I ::• W>
eves, mo- /. / ¦ i | \ .;• A
hair cury / '. /,:'. A // U\
rngets (l|4). iAj_l
snop3 <in 1 rLr wv
s*< cu"g*; worth regnl»rly $3.25; and a
few pa'eni Papier Mache D >lls, ]9
inches onr", with natura hair wig and
handsi me ch raise, that we fell regu-
lariy lor $3 f>0, will be offered Monday
asaBpecia off jrinz toopen am *%ex
the toy ."enton — eac"" 1 fyXm&O
Do'. Is to Dross— Kd Bidy- Dols.
metal riveted joints at knee and hips,
moh fir wig in lingljts, teeth, shoes and
stocking* —
12 in 23c IS in. $1.00 21J in.$2.00
13J in. 50c 20 in. 1.51) 23 in. 2.50
15 in. 75c.
Papior M-^ohO Dolis— Very re3t
qua ity, f u 1 joimed, wcod 1 rabr and
. arms dleepin eves, hund:ome bisquj
head, iu'l miha'r wig —
18 in $2.00 2 J in $ 2.80
23 in 3.50 24J -n 4.3»
23 in 5.50 £9* in 5.75
3 i in 7.50 31 in 10.00
Kid Doll L Odies— Metal riveted,
j minted at hip, knee and e.bow, sit in
any position, stiffei with ground io.-if,
b<- qu * forearm —
Kin 75c 14 in $1.25 21 in $".00
Hi m.$i.O0 18in.Jjil.5O 24J
I n dostruot-
Ible Doll xSi'^miS
Head — Muhair sK2«*^%
wig. glars eyes, bust /£g «» ..^?^
measure fj i->.. 15c; /MS ~ jl| .
3J in.. 25c; 4£ in.. J§ Ji
3cc; 5 in 50c jfaahv^^af
Bis qua Ho ads ! &^ C *«*»**^^S
— Mohair wigs, bust £
rpflasure 2J in.. 10c; '
ijin. Ice; ?i in-- «
25c: 4 in., 35c; 4J ,
in 5Oc
Do!l Shoes— Broils, pair
.....25c to 50o
Dots' Slippers— 2 buttons, pair...
...10c to 30o
Dolls' Patent Leather Slippers — Pair _.
:ioc to 4-oc
Game
— ======M=mmmxxs , Boards,
R /V^sVh $2.00,
F\Vy*y / ir\ $3.50.
\ \ \. J I ¦' C.own Goni-
u n,^- V/ •* 1 bination
**^i _ <r~ Game
PEw7»oWg7gg3ll Baards-
......:. 2» eame*.
$3.5O
Homo Osrnes— R>bin Hoad, C-O35-
insj the Oj.an, Sta-pla Cha«o, Baffi'o
BiH, etc., etch 1Oc
11 ther Goo?e Chnatmas Party, F» h Pml.
Ch;s i.ndia, Rn.road, etc 25c
II nsion o r Hi?pine-s, Steeple Chase,
F.h Pond. Go f. Naval War etc.. .GOo
N 1 i? BIye. L->ui3a, T.-b;raph B)-. De
pirtment S or*, »tc 73o
Lotto- ..tOo, 25o, 5Oc, $1-OO
Backgammon ani Checker Board
10c, 25o, SOo, 75o, $1.00
Roller Skaias
85c, $1.50 and $3.00
iron Wagons — Strong aai I.
s^rv.ceab'e —
18 in 9=c 20 in ..$1.20
12 in $1.45 24 in $1.70
2iin .$1.95 «
3» in : $2.^5 /ttJ!pF§^!^jk V'
Wagnns... VJl^fcX \£0&'
$3.75 an" , ...
$5.00
Coasters — Paintel oak body .'••
$2*00, $4.OO and $7.5O
Velocipedes— v\ un tires
$1.75 to $3.00
Velocipedes — Rubber tires
S3. 5O to $6.OO
Mechanical Tin Trains — Cir-
cnlir trarlc 25o*
50c, $1.OO, $1.50, $2.00
Other styles up to $25:00.
Printing
Qg£>* /? Presses—
J§Xwl J^y $1.00
S2.OO
( / /^ ' | jV Sowing
Msxohlncs
$1.50 and $1.75
A^^j*»vj£gf- now open in A£pi|i||| Hall,
tjr\ * * second floor, incltjH^^S^a^Jiany
\ S[ |^x€5cirCl X mechanical novejt^§jtte^03erful
l^*w*7 O^£irl\7 rg Sf^^OT^ Kjtpigaafcr-
1 A^^^^J^^S^^W^s Side walk^^TOtamthe
Round, etc. Santa Cla^^^ T receiv:/csrlf in Dgeggsfegfi=-- — nb^
California boyj^^vh : M i sses^j : £nd pe AyaaiSllipi^
I ;:A- toils 0JF thfcu s mds < >| Holiclay gifts selected by —
1 jie"***; 3?ur fMrw/ Vurk <utd-Jjiurui^a : bu 'j era. ' |Tni : I igges pook/ Sjtorc in Califomialll— 4\
. w h 300,000! volumes at rut jria s ; Jewelry'/ [ fratchesy Silverware, Art Goods,-— - — V
ffi'l % == -tures. Bricjla-brac, Lea| ler Goo I ;, Cut Glas^j Wearing Apparel; anything — \
[M\\ r:£ *** y^ng^ppnpn^S^^ f or the Holiday Messenger our Oiristmas 4 -
uiEfEsM boo^t which gives a thousand hints and prices of gifts.CALITORNIANS TN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. Nov. 10.— The following
Calif ornians are in New York: From San
Francisco— F. H. Bates Is at the Ever
ett, G. Booker and wife are at the Plaza,
P. S. Casey Is at the Astor. Mrs. A. C.
Schuyler is at the Navarre. H. Thomas is
at the Metropolitan, W. M. Heran Is at
the Hoffman and P. B. Auspacher i3 at
the Holland.
From Los Angeles— Miss Howes is at
the Park Avenue.
A Texas litigant wants $250,000,000 for having been
unjustly imprisoned in an insane asylum. ' He is prob
ably convinced that it is worth while proving that his
imprisonment was justified or that sound senses are
worth fortunes in Texas. -
Perhaps the promise of President McKinley to visi:
San Francisco in April made the people of the city
rise to the necessity of the hour and make the city
the banner town of Republicanism west of the Rocky
• The San Francisdan who says he wants to fight a
duel with the Count de Castellane ought to be ar
rested on a charge that he displays a poverty of that
cherished possession of Americans known as com
mon sense.
Oakland has set upon herself the task of trying to
solve how fo keep the patronage problem out of
politics. Why, not try .the scheme of the Phelanites
arid make politics all patronage ?
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
THE POPULAR VOTE— F. A. O.. Oro-
Yllle, Cal. McKlnley's popular vote in 1S96
was 7,104,779; that of Bryan was 6,602,925.
MARYLAND— L. M. B.. Cebu. P. L
ROOSEVELT— M. E. B., City. To ascer
tain just how long Governor Roosevelt
served in the volunteer army of the
United States direct a communication to
the Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.
He entered the service shortly after the
breaking out of the war with fepain,
served in Cuba, was at the battle of San
tiago in June, 1S3S, and in August of thai
year left Sanitago with hia regiment for
Montauk. L. I.
MRS. SEARLE3— Subscriber, City.* Tha
late Mrs: Searles was not the widow of
Timothy Hopkins, t)ut of Mark Hopkins.
She subsequently married Mr. Seanes of
Great Harrington. Mass. She died July 23.
1S91. The property that she was possessed
of at her death has since that date in
creased in value.
POPULATION— M. W. P.. City. It Is
not known at this time what tha popula
tion of the United States, according to
the census of this year is, as the CgTires
have not yet been given by the census
bureau.
RAISINS— D., Hemmet. Cal. For the
information desired in relation to raisins
write to the California Raisin Associa
tion, Fresno, Cal.
DID NOT GO TO MANILA— R. K.. City.
"William J. Bryan as colonel of & Ne
braska regiment did not go to Manila or
elsewhere where there was active service.
Maryland is classed &s one of the most
northern Slates of the South Atlantic
group.
E. I* . "Weber cf Xapa, an Assemblyman
elect and a member of the law firm of
Weber & Gesford of this city and Napa,
is stopping at the Grand for a few days.
Mrs. Charles .E. Ladd'and two sisters.
Miss Failing and Miss Mary Falling of
Portland, have taken apartments at the
California for a month or six weeks.
A. J. Brander and wife, N. T. Brander
and Count Poohorskl of Russia- arrived
in the city lastjevenirig from Nome. They
are stopping at the California-
Julius Kruttschnitt, general manager of
the Southern Pacific, returned yesterday
from an Inspection tour which extended
as far East as Ogden.
Mr. and Mrs. A. Roos of this city are
back at the Palace, having returned from
their trip to Paris and other foreign
cities.
Arthur L. Wyman. formerly chef at the
¦Waldorf-Astoria Hotel in New York and
now of Chicago, is registered at the Lick.
A. E. RIgby 13 at the Occidental. He ar
rived from the East yesterday and is go
ing to Nagasaki. Japan, as a missionary.
Mr. and Mrs. "W. G. Foote of Detroit
are at the California. Mr. Foote Is a
prominent Eastern lumberman.
JT. Blackstock of Ventura, member of
the State- Board of Railroad Commis
sioners, is at the Grand.
Dr. M. M. Shearer of Santa Rosa Is at
the Lick.
H. Demmlck, a Vallejo capitalist, is at
the Grand.
D. C. Lewis, a Portland merchant, is at
the Palace.
A. C. Binghani, the Marysville banker,
is at the Lick.
Arthur L. Levinsky, a Stockton lawyer,
is at tn« Palaco.
G. "\Y. Cooley, a Reno, Nov., merchant,
is at the Occidental.
William L«. Jones, a prominent
kee merchant, is at the Palace.
M. B. Sweeney, an Oxford. X. J., mer
chant, is registered at the Palace.
j. v. Bell, a prominent merchant of
Houston. Texas, is at tho Palace.
Edward "W. Smith, a San Diego attor
ner, is registered at the Occidental.
H. Campbell Perry ot Sll&o, Ireland, is
stopping at the Palace for a few days.
PERSONAL MENTION.
It will be remembered that when a little more than
a year ago The Call obtained reports of the interna
tional j'acht race for the America's cup by wireless
telegraphy some of our slowgoing contemporaries
mocked at the feat as a "fake," and one went
It is to be noted, furthermore, that Marconi claims
that in future he will be able to dispense with the tall
mast used in transmitting and receiving messages and
substitute for it a cylinder comparatively short and
available for use in almost any locality. Thus it will
be seen the improvements follow one another rapidly,
and the system is approaching something like perfec
tion. >'»¦";.¦-"¦
The experiments were made with one station at
Poole, in Dorset^ and the other at St. Catherines, in
the Isle of Wight. An account of the result says:
"The other day two operators at St. Catherines were
instructed to send simultaneously two different wire
less messages to Poole, and without delay or mistake
the two were correctly recorded and printed down
ai the same time in Morse signals on the tapes of
the two corresponding receivers at Poole. In this
demonstration each receiver was connected to its o;vn
independent aerial wire hung from the same mast.
Mr. Marconi then^ placed the receivers at Poole ons
on top of the other and connected them both to one
and the same wire, about forty feet in length, attached
to a mast. , Two messages were sent at the same rao
men( by the operators at St. Catherines, one
ii> English and the other in French. With
cut failure each receiver at Poole rolled out its paper
tape, the message In English perfect on one, and that
in French on the other. Later on messages were re
ceived from a transmitter thirty miles away and re
corded by an instrument in .a closed room merely by
the aid of a zinc cylinder, four feet high, placed on a
chair. While these experiments have been proceed
ing between Poole and St Catherines others have
been taking place for the British Admiralty between
Portsmouth and Portland, these lines of communica
tion intersecting each other, yet so perfect is the in
dependence that nothing done on one circuit now
affects the other, unless desired."
The most notable of the recent improvements in. the
system is that of providing for secrecy in the dis
patches. When first introduced the messages trans
mitted through the air could be read, by any receiving
instrument within the range of the transmitter. That
objection led to the conviction that the system would
never be of practical value in the general work of
telegraphy. It now appears, however, that Marconi
has overcome the defect. He has made several tests
in England in transmitting messages for a distance of
thirty miles by a system which preserves the accuracy
and secrecy of the dispatches absolutely.
p\z\ ARCONI'S system of wireless telegraphy con
/ \ tinues to advance from improvement to im
provement with such rapidity that there arc
now widespread expectations it may yet supersede
telegraphy by wire almost altogether. It is but a
short time ago it was deemed wonderful that such
telegraphy should be practicable at all. Indeed when
The Call obtained reports by wireless telegraphy
of the arrival of the Sherman with the California Vo!
uuteers from Manila cur contemporaries were incred
ulous; but now the system has been so far perfected
that according to a report from London the Postal
Commission of Great Britain has decided to recom
mend the adoption of the system as a part of the
postal telegraphy of the kingdom.
WIRELESS TELEGRAPHY.
Qne of the: chief causes of the new impulse toward
road improvement in Massachusetts and the East
generally is the increasing usefulness of the automo
bile.. It is not satisfactory to Americans to note that
in the development of a mechanism of that kind the
people of this country have to lag behind Europe. In
France the automobile is no longer a novelty con
fined to cities. The machines can be Ken everywhere
in the country. The French are thug reaping a
rich harvest for the work they have done in road
making. Our Eastern "States have intelligence enough
to learn the lesson and profit by it, and California
should net be laggard in following the example.
Cajifornia is not so thickly settled as Massachu
setts, nor sd rich, and consequently cannot keep pace
with her in road improvement; but California can at
leaM follow in the way Massachusetts is leading.. We
can improve our highways in all counties where thers
is much travel. The construction of good roads is
one of the best investments that can be made by any
community. The waste and loss that bad roads en
tail will far more than balance the cost of good ones.
California can find a model to pattern after in this
respect in Massachusetts. President Menden
lial of the Worcester Polytechnic Institute, who
is a member of the Massachusetts Highway
Commission, in a recent address on what is
being done in the State is reported to have
suid "that during the last six or eight years
more money had been spent there in road improve
ment than in any other State. The plan now in pro
cess of execution involves a reconstruction of the
road system of the commonwealth, embracing about
two thousand miles, or io per cent of the whole,, to
which local effort will doubtless in time make large
additions. An annual appropriation of $500,000 en
ables the commission to complete about fifty miles
every year, and it could »probably obtain $1,000,000
from the Legislature if it so desired."
THE GOOD ROADS MOVEMENT.
WITH the elections out of the way, the crops all
harvested and marketed, the people of Califor
nia have now opportunity of leisure to take up
again the good roads movement of which so much
was expected when began the campaign of education
on the subject a few year? ago. The movement was
unfortunate then because it occurred in a season of
hard times. The people were not in a mood to un
dertake much in the way of improvements that would
be costly. We are now prosperous, and the promise
is for a greater prosperity to come. Consequently if
road improvement plans be wisely devised and
rightly supported now we may accomplish great
things in that. direction in the near future.
Out of that liberalism there would grow a fairer
sense of the rights of the colored race. A large part
of the wrongs now inflicted upon the negroes in the
South ere due more to the lack of liberalizing in
foicnccs than to any natural depravity on the part of
the v.hhes. Given two parties, each led by men into
whose hands the government of cities and of States
iriigiit be fairly intrusted, and the Southern people
would soon be so much like those of the North and
the West that unnatural politics would disappear
from the cour.try and there would be no long-er a
"solid South" with its pack of votes to be cast for
Democracy, no matter upon what issue the campaign
turned. For sll these reasons it is to be hoped the
rdmirnstration v.ill give its a:4 to any well devised
plan to build v? *he Republican party in the South.
The descendants of the men who supported Clay
cnght to be willing to stand firmly by the party that
now represents the great policies of Clay.
Over and above all the material benefits which may
be expected to accrue from the formation of a strong
Republican party in the South will be the moral
good that will result from it. Liberalism and tolera
tion are more often the results of education than of
nature. Where almost all white men are of one party
there naturally grows up z. spirit of intolerance and
bigotry and prejudice. A campaign in which great
national issues would be fairly argued on both sides,
•p.here each man would find among his neighbors
many good citizens snd good friends opposed to his
politics] views, would tend to liberalize Southern sen
timent and bring it intc harmony with that of the rest
The evil was even more notable this year. Four
years of prosperity had brought many progressive
Southern men into complete harmony with the admin
istration. There was to be found in every Southern
State a host of men who cal'.ed themselves "McKinley
Democrats." So strong was the sentiment among the
manufacturers and business men of the' South in favor
cf the re-election of McKir.lcy that Senator Caffery
of Louisiana said the Southern delegates to the Kan
sas City convention would insist on the renomination
of Bryan because they deemed that to be the surest
way of bringing about a continuance of the present
administration.
The unnatural political condition of the South has
affected injuriously the whole country. When Cleve
land went into cfHce to, carry out his programme o:
re-venue tariff he found in Congress a large number
of Southern Democrats who were as strongly in favor
cf protection as any Republican of the North. By
reason of that fact the Wilson bill was made an
abortive measure £nd so distorted that Cleve
land refused to sign it. Had the Southern people
voted as they thought on that issue Cleveland would
never have been elected.. As it was he attained off.c*
by the votes cf people many of- whom were opposed
tc almost every important measure of his administra
tion.
icr £tta^nm2f it.
There is abundant encouragement for such a move-'
merit, ar.d its success would be ot immense benefit to
the Southern people and indirectly to the whole
Union. The South has been for years suffering the
e%"ils of unnatural politics. All Southern men do nor
think alike on economic topics any more than all
Northern men, and in the natural order of things
there should be two parties among the whites of thai
section as well as elsewhere. In the old days'before
the war the policy cf protection to American manu
factures was advocated as strongly and as eloquently
by Henry Clay of the South as by Daniel Webster of
the- North, and there was then a strong Whig parry
in every Southern State. A revival of that condition
cf things is desirable from even* point cf viy.v, and
the present situation affords exceptional opportunities
r^xISPATCHES from Washington announce that •
) Itziing Republicans at the capita! sre discnss
*— izg the expediency of making earnest cftorts
to build, up the Republican party in the Southern
States. The border Stares, Maryland, West Virginii
*r.d Kentucky, have been largely redeemed from
De:r.ccracv, and it is believed that by right mission
ary eaorts the Democretic domination of other
Southern States may be broken ar.d a number of
Congressmen at 'east obtained from those States to
rapport the progressive policies of the Republican
party-
TO REDEEM THE SOUTH.
Apropos of this subject of scen!s deco
ration Stephen Fiske has ar amusing and
instructive article in the Art Amateur for
October, wherein he shows how stupidity
crops out in places where you would least
expect to flnd.lt. Thus, the third act cf
Otis Skinner's gorgeous production of
"Prince Otto" is supposed to tak» placs
in a council chamber that has no Trlniow
which could cause & variation in ihs
shadows; yet tome of thes» shadows are
painted so as to represent the light as
coming from the front and soms from
the side! Again, In 'the farmer's Lut of
the first act there i3 a narrow half -doer
to the right— a half-door because the hero
requires something over which he ™»n
gracefully loll while talking to the ladles.
The action of the play takes two days.
and behold! in these two days the narrow
half-door has grown to a large arch,
through which we witness a revolt of tha
peasantry. "Farmer Leopold may culti
vate fertile soil, but the growth of a part
of his house is more than phenomenal —
Let us hope that during the coming
grand opera season (at seven dollars a
seat) more attention will be paid to scen
ery than was paid two years ago. Mr.
King, of the Grand Opera-house, 13 an
excellent scenic arti3t: I hope he will be
granted carte blanche and allowed to giva
the Wagner opera3 a proper setting 1 , for
thej' need every possible aid to make th?aa
go off convincingly.
No two cities have ever agTeed npoa
The Hundred Beat Books, and no two
would agrree, I suppose, upon the Sixteen
Best (or Best Sixteen) Plays. To those
of us who look upon Ibsen as an an
archist and Maeterlinck as a degenerate,
the awarding to them of six plays out of
sixteen seems as unaccountable as does
the omission o* Le Gendre de M. Poirier
(by Angler, who began to write about the
same time as did Ibsen) and of the Denise
and Francillon of Dumas flls (written
many years after Brand). Many there be,
I know, who will not agrta with this
Judgment; among them an enthusiastic
Lady Lecturer from Xorway of whom I
once inquired whether Ibsen holds in Nor
wegian literature the same relative po
sition that Shakespeare holds in our liter
ature. "Higher," she scornfully replied,
"far higher!"
!&-"PaoIo and Francesco" (Stephen
Phillips). Published by John Lane. Lon
don.
Translated by -Hannah Lynch: published
by Lamson. Wolff e & Co., Boston.
13— "Mariana" (Eche^aray). Translated
by James Graham; published by Roberts
Bros., Boston.
14— "The Second Mrs. Tanqneray"
(Pinero). Published by Heinesaaan, Lon
don.
33 — "Candida" (George Bernard Shaw).
Published by Stone, Chicago.
WILLIAM ARCHER, THE PRE
MIER DRAMATIC CRITIC OF
GREAT BRITAIN.
All that is excellent, but we can hardly admit that
the mountaineers are the most polite men in America.
The explanation of the liking Mr. Vansittart has for
them may be due to the fact that when he perceived
that everj- or.e of them had a rifle he treated them po
litely and restrained that tongue which was so caustic
at New Orleans. Being thus kindly disposed him
self, he was received with kindness. He would have
met the same good manners elsewhere had he been
equally mild in his manner of greeting the people he
came into contact with. All the same we are pleased
to note the change in his views, and for the cordial
praise he has spoken of the heroes of Chickamauga
he merits our full forgiveness for all he said of old
about our morals and manners.
With the people of the mountains "Mr. Vansittart
was delighted. He is quoted as saying of them: "The
mountaineers impressed me as being the most polite
people I have met in America. They usually ad
dressed me as "brother.' It seems to be the custom
there to call one another 'brother.' They are primi
tive folk and live in a simple way, but I liked them
very much. The'men still carry the long-barrele'd,
heavy, small-bore rifles such as their great-grand
fathers used."
Since his strictures upon us were so widely circu
lated to his discredit, it is only fair to call attention
to the improvement in his opinions. Discussing his
impressions of the battle of Chickamauga, which he
gained by a visit to the famous field, he says: ***I
could not but marvel at the wonderful courage and
fighting qualities which the American soldiers must
have "had to take some of the seemingly impregnable
positions on that battle-field. I don't believe the world
will ever see fighting like that again. Modern, meth
ods of warfare give no chance for such fighting, and
somehow I cannot believe that there are any soldiers
of to-dr.y who have the same quality of courage as
that of the soldiers of the Civil War on both -sides.
To me the battle-field of Chickamauga is more inter
esting than the battle-field of Waterloo, and one can
not wander over it as I did and not come away with
a tremendous respect for the Americans who fought
there and the military genius which directed the
battle."'
I—PERSONS who give attention to the condescen
l / sions of foreigners who criticize American
morals and manners will recall- that not long
ago A. S. "Vansittart, British Consul -at New Orleans,
permitted himself to indulge in some strictures upon
us that were met with no little indignation. The critic
was subjected to a vigorous "roasting" for hi3 im
pudence, and there were many suggestions that it
¦would be a good thing for him to go home. He did
not take that- advice, ho.vever, but went to spend the
summer in the recesses of the mountains of North
Carolina and Tennessee. In that marvelous "land
of the sky" he found a better humor than he^had at
New Orleans, and has come forth to say a great many
complimentary things.
0 CONCILIATED BRITON.
The sixteen best modern plays, accord
ing to Archer:
(The numbers do not signify the order
of excellence, but are used merely for
distinctness).
1— "Brand." 2— "The Master Builder"
(Ibsen). Xo English translation, that I
know of, but several in German (L-erncke
& Buechner, New York).
3 — "Peer Gynt." 4 — "Rosmer3holm."
(Ibsen). Translated by Archer; published
by Scott, London.
5 — "Sigurd Slembe." By Bjomson, I
think. Can any reader of this article tell
me of a good translation?
6 — "Pelleas and Melisanda" (Maeter
linck). Translated by Tadema; published
by Scott. London.'
7— "Aglaraine and Selysette" (Maeter
linck).
S— "The Dominion of Darkness" (Tol
stoi). Translation unknown; published by
Selgel. Chicago.
9— "Gioconda" (D'Annunzlo). Trans
lated by Symons; published by Russell,
New York.
10— "Der Biberpelz." 11— Fuhrmann Hen
schel" (Hauptmann).
12"— El Grau Galeoto" (E-chegaray).
Mr. George Moore, as we learned two
weeks ago, thinks that dramatic and all
other kinds of art are dead in England,
France and Germany: Norway and Ire
land, according to him. embody our only
hope for the future. That is very hard
on the three nations which, since the de
cline of art in Italy, have been supposed
to lead the world. One Is consoled, how
ever, on learning from a much better au
thority than Mr. Moore, that "the spirit
of the age, far from being hostile to
drama and great drama, seems to be
peculiarly favorable to it." So writes MrJ
Archer in an article on "Maeterlinck
and Mystery" (Critic for September.*. He
then proceeds to enumerate sixteen mod
ern plays which he believes go to prove
his. contention. This list is valuable, giv
ing, as it does, the deliberate Judgment of
an acknowledged specialist an to the best
that has been accomplished In th!s genera
tion. Anybody who wants to keep up with
the development of the drama must fa
miliarize himself with this "best"; I
therefore ¦ reprint the list, adding the
names of author, translator and pub
lisher whenever I have been able to find
them. To buy all the books in this list
would involve a considerable expenditure
r.t first, but would prove economical in
the long run; for when you know these
sixteen plays thoroughly you will spend
little money going to the- theater to see
the trash ordinarily presented.
Wholesome Judgments these. If some
what sharp and profitable for guidance,
If they will but heed, to those of our play-
OTfghtS who are blinded to self-respect
by the dazzling light reflected from the
surface of a dollar.
In Mr. Archer's recently published
"Study and S'tagre" (Grant Richards) there
are some interesting remarks on Ameri
can plays that have found their way to
London. To epitomize. "The Heart of
Maryland'*' he finds commonplace beside
that masterpiece of its class. "Secret Ser
vice." In the latter play the leading sit
uations are almost psychological: in the
former they are merely pictorial or arise
from sudden revelations or depend upon
sheer violence and brutality. The one ab
solutely despicable scene is that wherein
an immense sensation is aimed at by
having the heroine hans on the clapper of
a bell. "The "effect is merely ludicrously
forcible— feeble.
The much condemned scene in "The
Conquerors" Mr. Archer finds no worse
than a like scene In "The Sign of the
Cross" (he might have included "Quo
Vadis"). "when Bishops blessed it and
Archdeacons kissed the hem of- Mr. Wil
son Barrett's exiguous tunic." -The plaz
as a whole "is tedious, unpleasant, deplor
able, but if it were the censor's. business
to veto every similar, play half the the
aters in I.ondon would have to close.
"The Belle of New York" is declared to
be one long carnival of the joy of living
In its coarsest acceptation— garish, un
lovely, reeking of .alcohol and redolent of
patchouli. The writing, though. Is not
despicable and the music is Ingeniously
adaptive. The leading (American) ladies
are not only beautiful hilt accomplished
artists in their way and the comedians
(likewise Americans) are really clever.
"Mud it may be, but the mud is irides
cent."
it Is miraculous. If the stor,*s ar.1 t!rrr-
Ix-rs -were proj^erly- p!ante<l he m'.sht raise
a crop of palaces in a few days."
In Charles Frohrnan's production of "A
Rcyal Marriage" the dialogue wqulrea
that th« sky be represented as a deep
Hue. but the scere painter has nuuta it
yellow. In the firat act cf "The Ro*s of
Persia" through th<? large wtodcn* at fha
back of the stage you see a dc-ep-blise sk™
flooded with* moonlight ; but it you look
through another window only two feet
away you see a landscape painted in sag-»
preen.
"The Rcse of Persia" -will dmfMXoN pet
out here tefore the end of the next cen
tury ar.d it's well to be prepared for what
Is coming. This must b* my excuse tot
another far.d final) quotation from i!r.
Ffske's entertaining- article. "The Irar.*)
manner In -which the son^3 are intro
duced," he says, "resnir.ds me oi the mas
terpiece cf Collins, the Irish voca!l.?t, who
wished to interpolate the old son* 'O
Give Me Back My Arab Steed* In a ro
mantic opera and thus preluded it: 'I
have been upstaira and downstairs and a"
over the castle and can find nothins: ta
remind me of my Arab steed.* And then
, he sans the son?."
BY L. DU PONT SYLE.
ARCHER'S
SIXTEEN BEST
MODERN PLAYS
SUXDAY NOVEMBER 11. 1000
JOHN D. SFRECKELS.- Proprietor.
Address A.1 Cemmur.icatioi* ta W. S. LEAKE. Miinager.
MAXAGEH's OFFICE.." Trlcpbonp rre»« 2O-I
PUBLICATION OFFICE... Market nnd Third. S. F.
Telephone Pr«n SOI.
CUlTOItlAL BOOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 202.
Delivered **y Currier*. IS Crn(< Per Week
«-lnprl«- <"oplr«. S Cental.
Term« by Slall. Inclodlnc Poatacet
DAILT call pnrtnaing Bradajr). cst jrtsr St.M
DAILT CAlX, (!celud!r.E £nn£*T). * BMBthl »M
X3AXLT CALX, finciadinjr Suniay). S siosUim U»
X>AILT CA1J>-By Eiiig:e Ucrotti »c
feUNT>AT CALU O=e Tear l.»
VTKEKL.Y CALL. Oe« Tear 1.05
All putt master* are nathorited to receire
• inbiciiiitloii*.
Pfcerpie- ccpie* wITT b<? forwariSed --ten resserteiS
ifif] cAecr!Vr» In crfieritx change cf aSire»» ilwoU ti>
tmtiraiir to «i^« botb iTVT AXD OLD ADDRESS In ort^r
to la»iire m. jrcsijrt t=d ccrrect ccispllanc* with their nqimt.
OAJOA.VD OFFICE HIS Droadfvay
C CEOBCE KROG\ES«.
yar.ager Foreign Advertising. Mairquette BuBding. ChicaVa.
Qjczi DisUas* Telephone 'Cectral ZVJ.'i
KETC TCHK. COP.PJISPO>rDE?CT:
C C CAH1/TO>- Herald Sqnare
IfEW TOHK REPRESENT ATI VE:
BTEPHEJi B. S3IITU 30 Tribune Building
KETW YORK NEWS ETAKTDS:
¦WaJ4crf-A«tcwla Ectel; A. Brect^aob a ITcloa S«car»-
Ksnxjr HI!1 HcteL
CHICAGO KEWS ETA2CDS:
Bfcerscaa Eoose: P. O. New* Co.; Great Northern Batd:
* > res3c=t Eocse; Auiltcricra Kctd.
WA5HIJfCTO?i <D. O OFFICE 1406 G 5t_ 5. W.
MOBTOS E. CRANE. Corretpandent.
International arbitration is to establish between na
tions the same means of adjustment that are furnished
between individuals in the ordinary courts of law.
From these none are excluded. Indeed they are
specially for the use of the weak/whose rights exceed
their defensive strength. So it must be with nations.
All must have access to the bar of justice, and then
will dawn the time when nation shall not lift up the
sword against nation, neither shall they learn war
I any more.
One further step is needed. The small and weak na
tion? must, in equity, be admitted to seats in that
court. The strong powers cannot afford to exclude
them and thereby raise the implication that they are
reserved to be the prey of aggression.
In the red glare that dazzled men when the con
ference sat but little attention was paid to its sole re
sult. The arbitration convention was treated with in
cifTercnce. and the nations party to the conference
were slow in its ratification. It is pleasant to know,
however, that the United States led. both in ratifying
and appointing members of the great court of arbitra
tion. President McKinley showed the rarest judg
ment in offering the places to two ex-Presidents, Mr.
Cleveland and General Harrison, both of them fore
most men of their time and peers of the primates of
any time. Mr. Cleveland found himself unable to con
quer his aversion to te-entering public life and de
clined, but General Harrison accepted, and it is sai-i
that his colleague will be Judge Gray of Delaware.
The tone of Lord Siiisbury's speech indicates that
England will soon follow our example and commis
sion members of the court, and soon the great
tribunal will be fully constituted and the nations will
have a new guarantee against war.
In consequence we may expect the meager results
of the peace conference at The Hague to be magni
fied The court for arbitration of international dis
putes will probably become the most important body
since the Apostles were chosen and commissioned.
But the thinking men of the world, whose though:
runs in line with that of the British Prime Minister,
will prevail against the mere thirst for slaughter
which makes war an offensive art.
War is an art defensive and offensive. Hereafter,
for a long period, it is apt to be studied only in its
defensive utility. In that aspect no nation can afford
tc ignore it. Coasts will be made impregnable to an
enemy, and the accumulated wealth won in peace will
be made enjoyable in safety, by defenses that no power
can reduce.
Civilization has before it higher and better duties
than the invention of means to more horribly mangle
men. Humanity has 2 higher mission than to kill and
be kijled. The century has closed as it opened, with
a red carnival. In all human affairs reaction follows
action, ar.d the banners of peace, furled and apparently
forgotten, will unfold again and men will' cheer them
louder than the shouts that have made battle stan
dards shiver in the air.
D T the Lord Mayor's banquet in Guildhall Lord
f\ Salisbury took occa«iQn to express serious
* * views on the growth of the war spirit in Eng
land. Assuming that the Transvaal war could not b=
escaped, and that the Chinese situation was forced by
the Boxer revolution, he deprccr.ted, even to satire,
the war spirit, 2nd cast a funereal gloom over the
feast by picturing the awful sacrifices that war entails.
The Prime Minister's evident desire to check the
growing tendency to eclipse the victories of peace be
hind the triumphs of war will strike a sympathetic
chord in this country as well as in England. War is
a frightful incident. Let nations beware of its becom
ing a frightful habit.
THE TRIUMPHS CF PEACE.
so far as to gibe at the inventor, calling him
"Macaroni." At that time The Call predicted that ere
long even those unenterprising journals would have
to record the triumphs of wireless telegraphy. That
time is now near at hand. When the British Govern
ment "establishes a postal telegraph on the Marconi
system even the yellowest of journals will have to
turn aside from its fakes for a while in order to give
the news.
TI1E SAN FEAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBERS 11, 19OO.
• •
26
At druggists. 25c.
Dr.-Humphreys* Manual on the care and
treatment of the sick In all ailments (es-
pecially children), mailed free.
.Humphreys* Homeopataio Medicine Ox Cor
¦William & John Sts.. New York. - ¦•'
AT>w Kft.TTKfc!M HyTfj^
Lflcrob* light is the latest Paris inven-
tion. A French chemist. Raphael Dcbo:s.
has found a way of nourishing phosphor-
escent animalcules in ?!asa vessels, which
soon emit a light as bright as tha moon.
He expects to increase its intensity, ar.i
believes that its beir.sr entirely free from
heat will give it a scientific vaine.
Th« COLORADO XITDLAXO RATLT7AT -*'.::
run erery Mon^y from Les A=s»:es a: 15:2 p.
m. and every Tuesday at I p. Eifrsns Saa Fran-
cisco, a p«r««ally cosSucted thrvagli Pni:=an
tourist »le*j>«r to CbJeass. Tl» th« K!o Gra.ni»
Western. Colorado Mi£Izsc2 ar.3 EurtJrjton
roctet. Salt La!t» City and D»nr»r ia day-
llcht. For further tefemailea ad5i»«s TT. H.
DAVEXPOBT. General Ateat. Saa Fr»acUc<x
New Overland Tetirist Car Line.
According to lit* authorities it !a a n!»-
taXe to suppose that the Indian population
of the United States 13 <iecr?asirff. It is
declared to be slowly rrowins 1 covr that
tribal wars ar© at an esc art! th» red man
has learned rot to s<t: into trouble with
Uncle Sam. Poor Lo is beccir^sg' a s*iz-
supportlng agriculturist.
Special Information supplied daily ta
business houses and public zs«n by UM
Pre*» CUpplEK Bureau (Alien's), all Morr-
Kcmery at. Telephone Main 1341 •
SOS Larkin »t.. then* Fiut 121. •
CaL glace fruit S3e p«r IS> at Towsieni'i. 1
AiTCSESIENTS.
Air»Tir — "l«cst Paniise."
ColcTrt-U, — * - She Etocrs to Cccsuer."
AlEf-Trbrm— "A Tc'urr TTtre."
T;vc:!--C*rn:€^-"
Ctltrorrls.— Kc: a; Marise Bzs.1 cZ Italy.
Onte-^a — Vac£evi:ie.
Ora^i2 Oj»er*-l3ou»« — "A I>ivcrce Cclocy.**
Gra=5 Opera-hcus*— llaarice Graa Or-er* Co=r«.r.y, Mc=-
C*r tvenir.*. November BL
C!rs:f'.a. ccr^-r Mascn er.i Kily streets— Sj-eclsi'!**.
Ciute*. Zootr.; Tt.ts.zer— Vaudeville every tflemocn and
rrer.:r^c.
Fiecher s— Vtri^ville.
Tries Cczrtizz Park— Cccnisr.
Recreate:; Park— Ei£»bil!.
Cecturr Hall — r<rai=at:c R»cit;£.!a FYllsy Eventr^.
BBtn Baths— Oi-es rights.
Ctiltri P.£.ce Track— Races.
A swollen face the characteristic
epidemic symptom of Cold or
Tic-Doloureux — Swelled Face.
The doctors say this year that epidemic.
Grip has taken on a new phase, the first
symptom being a puffing up of one side of
the face, extending even to the closing of
the eye. It Is accompanied by neuralgic
pains and by most of tho old well known
symptoms of Influenza, Catarrh, pains
and soreness In the Head and Chest
Cough and Sore Throat. General Prostra-
tion and Fever.
•TT" meets the epidemic condition and
cuts it short promptly. If it should no*
yield at once alternate with Specific Xo S
ADVERTISED K ri 1 3.
suits
J
Have you a boy from
1 2 to 19 years of age ? J
If you have, listen here
— we want to tell you
what the Red Front
will do : \
First I
Our famous five dollar 5
long pans «chs — mixed '
goods (tic dust-proof ;
kind) in cag!e-brta3ted
sacks or Cheviots blue cr !
black (for Sunday wear),
in double-brszstsd sacis. \
Well mads and cfgood
wearing material — For
boys of 12 to 19 years ;
$j.OO I
each <
Second
School Suits — locg
pants — shgls-breiKej,
round cut cars j double-
breasted vests — Cheviots ?
and Tweed3 — a big 1r-~»
full of wear. Agts 1 2 to I
19 years
$6.00 to$8.5o
each
Smoking Jackets
The Christmas line jus: ccc.e
in. The new Reversible Gel:"
Plaids predominate — plaid inside
(for lining). .' '¦ d
Some with corded edges, lose
satin faced — very iwell )
£5.00 to Sio.oo ;
• About Mail Orders *
Send us chest, inn, baci, !rg
tnd wais; rcciiurtnitr.: cjd we* I!
send any garment advertised C. O.
D. on approval.
"i'NEW WESTBRS HOTEL,
KEAiorr axi> ¦wAsraxoree* sts.— rs-
medetai and r»a«r»«te4. KINO, Ward A
CO. Eurcpcma plan. K.vc.«. »2» i.» j; w £av-
15 to JS week; » to J35 «»Ou »«* h*tix». Jut
aad cold wmter •wry room: fir* sr«:*» ta «**r»
rcoa; el«ir»tor ran* aU nttiit.Driver, Horses aed a Loaded Wagom Are Precipitated
leto a Cellar Where Mee Are at Work,
THREE MEN ARE INJURED, ONE
OF THEM PERHAPS FATALLY
Mrs. J. J. WMtney Has Removed.
• Mrs. J. J. Whitney, medium, ha* pur
chased th© fine residence at 1164 CFarrell
street.- bet-ween Franklin and Gough.
-where she has thoroughly equipped offices
for treating tho sick. Her success in
clalrvoyancy, diagnosing of diseases, has
been phenomenal. Office houra. 9 a. m. to
5 p. m. Evenings by appointment. • •
Stanley's Slayer Sentenced.
NAPA, Nov. 10,-Frank Matthal, con
victed of manslaughter in .the Superior
Sourt for the killing of George Stanley In
Chiles Valley, last May, wu sentenced to
Imprisonment for five years In Ban Quen
tln by Judge Ham this morning:.
Epeclal Dispatch to The Call,
LOS ANGELES, Nov. lO.-Slnc© the an
nouncement was made in The- Call sev
eral weeks ago that President McKinley
Is coming to California, the executive
committee of the Merchants" and Manu
facturers' Association has been working
to obtain his presence In this city during
the floral festival in April. President Mc-
Kinley has accepted the invitation of the
Scotts, who are building the battleship
Ohio, to be present at the launching. The
date for the launching had originally been
set for April 15. Ten days ago the exec
utive committee of the Merchants' and
Manufacturers' Association wrote to
Irving M. Scott, asking that if possible
tho date be fixed three days prior to the
opening of La Fiesta de las Flores In thla
city on April 24. As yet no reply has been
received. ' ¦
It is the Intention to have a floral parade
if the President will be here. In which he
will ride In the procession in a gorgeously
bedecked carriage. A special reviewing
stand will be erected, upon which will be
a profusion of floral decorations and from
which the -President will revlaw the pa
rade, Mr. McKInley and party, if the
invitation be accepted, will be entertained
by the several mercantile associations at
a dinner.
The members of the executive commit
tee, now that the President has decided
to come to California, are hopeful that
he will not disappoint tho people of Los
Angeles/by vetoing the plans that are
being perfected for his entertainment.
Mercantile Bodies Hope to
Induce Mr. McKlnley to
Be Present.
PRESIDENT MAY
ATTEND THE LOS
ANGELES FIESTA
Bight tables, beautifully and correctly
set with dainty china, sparkling with
crystal and silver and ornamented with
fairy lamps, bouquets, etc.. constitute a
pretty display at Nathan-Dohrmann Com
pany's big crockery and glassware store
on Sutter street. Six of the tables Illus
trate the proper arrangement for as many
different courses of a Thanksgiving din
ner; another shows the Betting for tea,
and the eighth is a unique idea In mid
night suppers. A similar display has been
made by this house each November for so
many years that it Is now regarded as a
regular feature and invitations to Inspect
It are no longer Issued. The public gen
erally is Invited to call and Bee the latest
In correct table service.
Suggestive of Rare Good Things.
REAL ESTATE NOTES.
Historic Properties to Be Sold.
Among the properties of the estate of
th<? late Calvin F. Fargo which Davidson
& Leigh have for sale are some old land
marks of historic interest. The original
Poodle Dog restaurant, corner Grant ave
nue and Bush street, was for years the
center toward which genial friendliness
and good fellowship instinctively con
verged, and Its memory holds a warm
epot in the heart of the pioneer. It was
the scene of many a hearty gathering;
the trysting place of many a convivial
ecuI. Its popularity is by no means lim
ited to former years, however, as under
tew auspices the old corner has taken on
new life, and the younger bloods of the
present generation who prefer Its quiet
end retirement are drawn to it in prefer
ence to similar resorts in more bustling
portions of the city.
And who is th^re among the lovers of
the ribbons and the road who ha? not an
Intimate acquaintance with Dickey's
R-.adFlde House, opposite the Eixth-aVe
nue entrance to Golden Gate Park, which
for over thirty years has been famous for
it? excellent cuisine and pood cheer? A
drive out through thf park Is Incomplete
to the majority without stopping to enjoy
the genial hospitality of "the colonel.*'
vhr> has many a good story to tell of the
horsemen of former years. Both of these
lifted resorts, together with many other
x - aluable properties and securities, are
now ordered sold by the executors to close
the estate.
David Bush & Son have sold for Mr.
Or.il Gardner and wife 32Vs acres at West
ride, Santa Clara County. The tract is all
out Jn orchard of prunes and apricots and
has a fine residence of ten rooms with
modern Improvements. The consideration
Tres $14,000, and the purchaser is a Mr.
"Wilcox cf Onondaga County, New York
Btate.
Family Is Destitute.
Captain John Spillane of tho southern
Poolmen's Appeal Cases.
District Attorney Bylngton waited upon
Judge Cook yesterday and asked him If
be would consent along with Judges Law
lor and Dunne to hear the appeal cases
of the poolsellers convicted of violating
the ordinance at an early date, so as to
have the legal points at issue decided.
The Judge said he would be at leisure to
morrow morning, and if that were not
suitable all Friday. Judge Dunne could
not be seen yesterday, but as he has an
important case on to-morrow 'morning
Friday will probably be set. When the
cases on Judge Jlocan's calendar are
again called to-morrow they will likely ba
continued pending the decision on the ap
peal cases.
SAN DIEGO MAY
BE DROPPED AS
PORT OF CALL
The managers of the Kosmos line are
seriously contemplating the dropping of
San Diego from Its ports of call, and
bringing all merchandise for shipment
East to San Francisco. The Santa Fe
through line is now in first-class working
order and can handle all that the vessels
bring from Europe and South America, A
stop at San Diego means a heavy outlay,
that can be avoided by bringing freight
and passengers to this port. The chances
are that the failure to bring freight for
Ban Dlegro Is the flrBt move toward drop
ping that place as a port of call.
SAN DIEGO, Nov. 10.— The Kosmos
liner Isis arrived here this morning, 117
days from Hamburg. She reports an un
usually pleasant passage, without incident
of any kind. She brings only 1500 tons of
freight, principally ore from Antofogasta,
and has sixteen passengers for San Diego
and ten for San Francisco.' The officers
report that on account of orders from San
Francisco they refused about S00 tons of
freight consigned to the East through this
port. Agent Stuart of the Santa Fe con
firmed the report about the refusal of
freight for .this port, but knew nothing of
the reason why such orders had been- sent.
"I know the Santa Fe would only be too
glad to handle all the freight that the
Kosmos steamers can bring to this port,"
Bald Mr. Stuart, "and as the orders to re
fuse the cargo came from the steamship
officials the trouble is evidently with
them."
It Is believed that some serious conflict
has arisen between the steamship and the
railroad companies, as the IbIs -refused
freight either for San Diego or San Fran
cisco that was for shipment East. -
Kosmos Liner Isis Refuses
Freight Destined lor
That City.
SANTA BARBARA, Nov. lO.-A Supe
rior Court Injunction was served to-day
by Sheriff Stewart, restraining the South
ern Pacific from entering the John F.
More ranch west of town until further
order of the court. The company had
been removing the old line, which extend
ed from this city to Elwood, since the near
short line has been completed. Rails and
fences were being removed. It is said . the
tearing down of the fence Is the cause of
the Injunction.
Injunction .Against the Railroad.
division was notified yesterday of the des
titute condition of a family named Peter
son, residing at S Shipley street. A little
ohll<1 aged 4 years is hlng dangerously ill
with typhoid fever and its parents had no
money to pay a doctor. Dr. H. C. Ed
wards was called in to attend him and
rendered such services as lay in his power,
but he did not supply the child with drugs.
Captain Spillane drew the attention of
Dr. Morrisey of the Health Department
to the case and the city will supply the
needed medicine.
A TWO-HORSE TEAM FALLS INTO A NEW CELLAR THAT IS BEING
EXCAVATED ON BRANNAN STREET THROUGH GIVING WAY OF A
PLATFORM. AND THREE MEN ARE INJURED.
pital Drs. Dray, Robinson and Irones went
to work upon them. An examination
showed that Schlotterbach had both his
legs broken, his scalp is very badly lace
rated and there Is a probable fracture of
the skull; nis body is covered with
bruises, and Dr. Dray thinks that he Is
injured internally. Kelly had his left arm
broken in two places and he also is cov
ered with bruises. Young has some very
bad bruises on the back, but is not dan
gerously wounded. He was sent home
and Kelly was later sent to St. Mary's
Hospital, but Schlotterbach was too badly
hurt to be moved.
One of the hordes had its back broken
in the fall and had to be killed. The other
animal, strange to say, escaped with a
few scratches.
"We had been driving on that same
platform for weeks," said John Kelly yes
terday, "and now It came to give way
when it did- is a mystery. I drove up with
my load and was Just about to dump It
when there came a crash and down we
went. The next thing I remember was
when the ambulance men were getting
me out of the cellar. It was a hard Job
but poor Schlotterbach was the one who
suffered moat. I suppose the constant Jar
undermined the platform and caused it to
givo way. Anyhow, I won't be able to
do any work on the new one when it is
No one connected with the "U'lne Com
pany can give any explanation of how the
platform gave way, nor can the con
tractor.
THERE was a most remarkable
accident at "455 Brannan street
about noon yesterday. The Cal
ifornia Wtne Association is con
structing some new wine cellars
there and a team of horses with wagon
attached was backed on the receiving
platform. The platform gave way and
the driver, animals and loaded wagon
were precipitated into the space below.
Unfortunately two men were at work In
the cellar and one of them was perhaps
fatally hurt; the other got on! with a few
scratches; the driver was badly injured;
one of the horses was killed, and the other
escaped, while the wagon was wrecked.
In order to facilitate work the contrac
tor had built a receiving platform and
chute into the cellar. On the platform the
rock and cement for the concrete was
dumped. Then when released the stuff in
falling became mixed and thus saved a
lot of work. About 11:30 a. m. yesterday
John Kelly, who resides at 705 Natoma
street, came along with a load of rock.
He drove up the platform and was Just
preparing to dump his load when the plat
form gave way.
Right under the platform F. Schlotter
bach, whose home Is at 724 Mission street,
and Robert Young, who resides at 315
Minna street, were at work. Schlotter
bach was, to all appearances, killed out
right, while Young and Kelly lay groan
ing In anguish. A call was sent to the
Harbor Hospital and in a short time the
ambulance was on the scene. Young was
able to get out of the cellar unaided, but
Stewara Bert Davis of the hospital and
Policeman O'Connor of the harbor police
bad to get the other two unfortunates out
of the cellar the best way they could.
When the injured men reached the hos-
< - '-¦¦.- ¦¦--¦.-..
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 11, 1900.
27
SS^sJip 2^^ Sale of Fine Parlor Pieces.
5Kr\fV! TETE-A-TETES. handsomely finished, like cut.
[.%* elaborately carved mahoganized frame, inlaid
1CJ-J l'f( _ _ yJy.i ne rriarc > ueteT 'i e«iind highly polished; rich
'¦ I'^^r^P'-; -5 ">?<^X^ s ''k damask covering, brass beading and steel
>^t^fij £ faJ>sfcV/fih tempered springs; value $26; this flUfkCfi
*S-^f^gS^ week C&iy.OU
j ROMAN" CHAIRS, exquisitely made, highly pol-
!J J h i ; ibhed, mahotranized frame, inlaid with niarque-
0 j; w terie and prettily carved; silk damask, tufted
1) seat, etc.; value $17; this week <£|| wt\
DIVANS daintily made, decramly carved, highly polished" mahosranized
:rame, fine silk damask back and damask spring seat, edged <P|Q f%(\
With brass beading; value $2;: this week V. .. 2>!O.UU
ENAMELED BEDSTEADS.
The place to buy your metal bedsteads is here, because just ivpw we are
making extremely low quotations on some standard lines.
White enameled iron beds, verv
strong in construction, with heavy pil- 6 m
lars, upright center rods and brass cao B ii . X
mounts — choice of tour sizes q^j ys ' I fiTt"* "TTYu.
—regularly sold at $.>oo. for *3>«J»/3 I j ¦ fl | j£ A
White enameled iron beds, with bow |tll»8lSjl S* 'f .11L— jjj
extension foot end. bra5S rail and :.£€,.„„ ,,•• „. r. •>$V? == V~^ flYTTl
heavy pillars — well made — f|rt XT- ,." i I i ~ti-J ' 8
only ft size— a $:i.oo bed.. CpO-UU (%,/?;///,%. \ lnj44J
COMBINATION OFFER — The )ft!l!lj ''! / [''![ (ft, , h» iMUl |1 j 1 1]] Ht
above bow foot bed fitted with a dou- Q*7^ Xi l H\\\Mv\ !!j "''Sii' '1 jl |_US
ble weave woven wire spring with a \Sf? / /^O Tr^^*^£=^^to\ \
fupported center and a cotton too mat- '*^-M f(>tnr^-ii xfy l!^
tress covered with pood stronc ticking j&'J ™ < J-^^^
— complete Clyl 7RL > >^ba^-^ - * r ~ 1 ~ Ii
Far.cy scroll bed. the latent patterns in metal bed construction — made in
plain white or in colors — special- values offered in a pattern with qj^ ""O
fancy bras? scroll center — verv neat desicrn — all colors 3JIa«3U
Out-of-town orders filled. Money refunded if not satisfied.
f^" ALL ROADS LEAD TO PATTOSIEN'S.
BUCMAMAM BROQ.,
Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sacramento 3 1.
TJ1JTTCIII?Q FOR BARBEK3.BAK.
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners'
dyers, fiourmills. foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, palatars. shoe factories, sta-
blemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailora.' etc
Dfl. HALL'S REISYIGORATORimg
Flv* hundred reward for any JlJI] f"V£3
case ue cannot cure. Thlv secret Kot MSI
remedy stops all losses In 24 hours, i ]B
cures Emissions, Impotency, Varl- P^fll R5> ;! i
cccele. Gonorrhoea, Gleet. Fits Pr.Kl f^m
Strictures, Loot Manhood and all ULLJ lijj
nastln< effects of eelf-abusa- or KSTsxl
excesses. Sent sealed, f! bottle; I itffSKBKliiZM
bottles. S3: guaranteed to care any case. Ad-
dress HALL'S. MEDICAL INSTITUTE. $u
Froadway, Oakland. Cal. Also for sale at 1073H
Market st.. a F. Alt private diseases quickly
cured. Send for free book.
NABER, ALFS & BRUXE. Azenta.
823 Market St.. S. F.— (Send for Circular.)
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
ISA GREAT RESTORATIVE. IXVICORA-
¦ tor and Nervine.
Th« most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits.
m CKICHKTER'8 INGUSH
PlJMYROYfil, PILLS
£A\ r^e< for cmdiiESTEu--. esgxjlSq
Tfe !*» >! ' w rt* 1 *"*- Take »p •taer. Kefm»a
Trj V% VSNj I>««»Ecro«» HalMtiMitloiM Md I a, It*.
I / > > CT **•¦•• B< 7 •' 7«r Drn«lsi. or •»ad.4c>. la
I* A "•"»•*>' P«rt>*«l«r«, Te*tlm«mlaU
\X*. fp •»* "Relief for L«JI-«.-.-» Ulfm-, »t rt~
-VV/' *mrm Hall. 1 o./i.h. t..«io.-.nl»l.. M>
Bsat!e» ttii F*p«T. M.dltoo Square Fill LA- vlZ
TONG F»O GH"V.
iMtyhi Successor to I>r. LAI PO TAI,
JE3rwR> ¦ graduate of Canton Medical
jFfgaHgEgKik College, after a very succors-
ttJBUHHBS ful practice of many years !n
Ev. xSH' China, has located In San
KMIS Jf^ Francisco. The surprising and
CT ". t/ marvelous cures effe^ed by
«C\ ,y his herbs demonstrate their
SS*5y\ potence and his skill. - These
reBSrfiP^. herbs cur« over K <0 different
IFHnnrnffliiTO diseases. Including Br1<ht's
Disease. Diabetes, Consurr.i>-
" mr "' tlon. Asthma, Paralysis. Brain.
Nerve. Cancers, Tumors, Blood, Male and Fe-
male Maladies. All persons afflicted with ajiy
kind of malady -whatsoever are invited to call.
Office. 777 Washington st. Offlc« hours— 9 a.
m. to 13 m, 1 to 9 p. ra. : Sundays. 10 a. m. to
12 m. Accept grateful thanks for effecting a
cure of asthma of several years' standing.
A. DARLET, San RafaeL
DR. PIERCE'S ELECTRIC BELT
oi Qf| a pair — Genuine IriMi Point
vl- Jv/ Curtains — your choice of co
j^i:s: 4 different patterns onlv: values
f 4 00, $4.50 and $5.00; new dainty pat-
terns, fine net and fast edges — some are
slightly soiled— sale price $1.00
C"3 QA a pair — 100 pairs — 8 different
&*J»^3" designs in ecru and white —
r.ew, dainty patterns, in rococo and
corded effect — fine net and fast edtres —
would sell elsewhere up to $7.=;o — sale
price JpS.OO
Carfare paid all customers al
C^y Qf\ a pair for a lot of 160 pairs
O->*->'^ of finest Irish Point Cur-
tains — \2 different designs in white or
ecru — very beautiful and worth resrular-
ly $4.50, $475. $5-00 and $500 a pair —
sale price $2.90
&a Q(\ a pair — 150 pairs. 10 differ-
*Dt«wJU ent designs. Irish Point
Curtain? — elaborate patterns in Brus-
sels. Duchess Point and Renaissance
effects — incomparable bargains — worth
I up to $10.00 a pair— sale price... ?4. 00
tendiner this sale of curtains.
BARGAINS EN LACE CURTAINS.
Sale Commences Tuesday flofmiing.
A St. Gall manufacturer has sent us part of his surplus stock of Irish
Point Lace Curtains, to close out at less than wholesale prices. Some fine,
rare bargains.
beautiful diamond necklace. She accepts
the loan joyfully and duly attends the
ball. But by an evil chance the nccklaco
is stolen from her. Not daring to go to
her friend and confess the loss, for fear
of unjust suspicions, she and her husband
mortgage their future to obtain a dia-
mond necklace, as like to the one lost as
possible. The Jewels are returned. The
exchange is unnoticed by the school
fi-end, who soon after sets out to rnak.3
her residence in another part of the coun-
tr Then begins the life-long struggle to
pav for the substituted Jewels. All
pleasures have to be denied. The most
rigid economy of dress and living are
practiced, ana slowly in long years this
debt cf many thousand francs is cleared
off. But this long struggle deeply marks
the character of the unfortunate wife.
She neglects herself and loses her fresh-
ness and fairness. Her husband be-
comes a sloven. Both are bitter of
speech. The meanness of their living
grows upon them and makes them
mean, and when the debt Is finally paid It
finds the still young woman old in looks
and in her way of life. , ; ''V.
About this time the old-time school
friend returns to Paris and calls are ex-
changed. The healthy, radiant young
matron, just home again, can hardly
recognize in her friend the sparkling
young woman to whom she lent tho
necklace.
"What have you been doing with
yourself?" she cries. "You look faded,
old. worn-out, as if life had held th*
cup of misery unceasingly to your lips."
And then the old-young woman tells
the utory of the loss of the necklace, the
substituted Jewels and the long years of
sacrifice and suffering endured in order
to pay the debt.
"what!" cries her friend, "you have
done all that! Why did you not come to
me and tell me? I could have saved you
all these years of useless suffering. I did
not lend you tho real gems, but a paste
Imitation."
A WOMAN'S WASTED LIFE.
Fancy the feelings of the unhappy
woman who learns that she has suffered
needlessly. That all the pleasures and
pursuits she has been shut out from
might have been hers; that her face
m!ght yet have been fair and her form
young if she had only not kept silence
at that time of crisis.
That was how one woman's life was
wasted in needless sacrifice and suffering.
There are thousands and tens of thou-
sands of other women who lead a life of
suffering more ?itlablo and even more
unnecessary. There are women to whom
each recurring month brings a time of
torment; women whose vitality Is oozing
away because of unchecked drains upon
the womanly strength; women who have
borne children at such a penalty of pain
that life has scarcely a pleasure left for
them; women, again, who know tho
burning torment of Inflammation and the
gnawing agony of ulccratlon, until the-
misery seems past bearing.
And all this suffering is needless In
ninety-eight cases out of every hun-
dred. And In the two exceptional cases
the conditions can be greatly helped
and the suffering alleviated.
WOMEN WHO HAVE BEEN CURED.
"I was a great sufferer for six years
and doctored all the time with a number
of different physicians, but did not re-
ceive any benefit," writes Mrs. George
Sogden, 641 Bonda street, Saglnaw
(South), Mich. "One day as I was read-
Ing a paper I saw your advertisement,
and. although I had given up all hope or
ever getting better, thought I would writo
to you. when I received your letter, tell-
ing me what to do, I commenced to take
your 'Favorite Prescription" and follow
your advice.. I have taken ten bottles
in all, also five vials of the 'Pleasant
Pellets." Am now regular after having
missed two years and suffered with
pain In the head and back. I was so
nervous, could not eat or sleep. Now I
can thank you for my recovery."
There is a case where a timely use of
Dr. Plerce's Favorite Prescription would
have saved six long years- of suffering-
six years of headache, backache and
sleeplessness. No woman can be healthy
unless the periods are regular, and there
is no medicine can compare with.
"Favorite Prescription" for the perfect
regulation of tho periods, and it regulates
to stay, once and for all. It is a remark-
able fact that a large part of the cures
effected by the use of "Favorite Pre-
scription" are cures of diseased conditions
of the womanly organs, which local phy-
sicians have failed to benefit by their
treatment, and which other medicines
have been powerless to remove.
"I was troubled with female weakness
for eight years and suffered more- than I
can tell," writes Mrs. Gust Moser of
Ovando. Deer Lodge County. Mont. -"My
disposition was affected to auch an extent
that to say r pleasant word to any one
was almost an impossibility.
"I had two operations performed by
one of the most skilled Burgeons of the
"West, but did not get relief. Then.
against my doctor's strict orders. I com-
menced taking Dr. Pierce's Favorite
Prescription and 'Golden Medical Dis-
covery, and also followed the advice
given in the Common Sense Medical Ad-
viser.
"I continued this treatment for three
months and to-day am as healthy and
well bs a woman can be. I cannot
thank Dr. Pierce enough for his kind let-
ters to me."
Dr. Plerce's Favorite Prescription
strengthens all the womanly organs, re-
moves the strain which causes nervous-
ness and 80 quiets the nerves and In-
duces natural, healthful sleep. It makes
childbirth practically painless and gives
to nursing mothers the vitality needed
to nurse and nourish their children.
THE TIME TO SPEAK OUT.
Every sick and ailing woman Is Invited
to consult Dr. Pierce, by letter, free. This'
puts within every ailing woman's reach,
without fee or charge, the medical opinion
and fatherly advice of one of the fore-
most specialists in woman's diseases.
The strictest privacy is observed in. all
correspondence. "Write therefore without
doubt or hesitancy to Dr. R. V. Pierce
Buffalo. N. Y.
Sometimes dealers are tempted by the
little more profit in some Inferior medi-
cine to try and substitute It for "Favorite
Prescription." This is an attack on your
Judgment, your purse and your physical
wpII being. Rebuke It. Insist on havlnir
"Favorite Prescription" and prove It to
be all it claims — "A Godsend to weak and
worn-out women." It makes weak women
strong, sick women well.
'_ V • WHAT WOMEN WANT
Is & . reliable . guide to health and medi-
cine.. Such a guide Is found - In perfec-
tion In The People's Common Sense
Medical Adviser, the life work of Us au-
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY
OF ST. GALU SWITZERLAND. OX THE
31st day of December, A. D. ISpO. and f.ir
the year ending on that day. as made to tt»j
Insurance Ccmmlaslorer of the Sta.te ->f Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the Provisions of Sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condenaeii
as»per blank furnisher! by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company I53S.R23 !*>
Cash in romvany's Office 463 75
Cash In Bank3 106.&3 31
Interest due and accrued en al! ytocka
and Leans 4. 3.251 »7
Premlurrs in due Coune of Collection. 107,151 TS
Total Assets JSIS.CI |]
LIABILITIES. ~~~
Losses adjusted and unpaid t!15C2 33
Losses in process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 19,473 13
Losses resisted. Including expires 5.J47 S:
Gro!»s premiums on Fire Bisks run-
ning one year or less, t378,rj2 47;
reinsurance oO per cent 133,421 2*
Grors premiums on Fir*» Risks run-
ning more thf n one year, Sin,4.~>6 92:
reinsurance pro rat.i 66.920 15
Commissions and l:r .k.t.-k- due and
to become due 21.3S1 S3
All other demands against the com-
pany :j,«i s:
Total Liabilities J3ST.100 12
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $1.3.113 Zi
Received for interest and dividends on
Bonds. Stocks, Lcana and from all
other eourct* 17.184 13
Total Income 14:0,277 41
EXPENDITURES. *
Set amount paid for Fire Lessen (in-
cluding {:'».'.-'l 83, looses of previous
years) i:s;.Jf57 47
Paid or allowed for Commission or
. Brokerage 114.345 67
Paid for Salaries, Fee* and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc S.PCO CO
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes 15.CM 3">
All other payments and expenditures. 17.3*5 SI
I * Total Expenditures J413.1S7 !Wi
Fire.
LOSSES incurred during the year S'13.949 ol
Risks and Premiums. | Fire Risks.! Premiums.
» 1
t
Net amount of Risks!
written during thel
year *53.»4O.S0O C30.84» 42
Net amount of Risks,
expired during the*
year I 4T.O4J,:W 4oT,15S 23
Xe< amount In force
December 31. 1809 , 47.SU.4D9 4Dft.J93 39
SAML. R. WEED of "Weed & Kennedy.
1'nlted States Managers.
• Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 27ta
day of January. 1300. F. FISHBECK.
_^ Notary Public.
SYZ & CO., General Agents,
I 301 California Street.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
There Is a clever story by De Mau-
passant- whl<;h throws a searchlight
across the sea of suffering and gives a
glimpse of the horrors hidden in its
depths. It is the story of a young
Frenchwoman, not long married, whese
husband held an official position.. An
invitation comes to a great ball and the
young wife longs to attend, but feels
that she could not venture upon so
splendid a function without jewels, which
she does not possess and cannot afford to
buy. At this juncture, while calling on a
friend of her school days, not yet far
away, she tells of her desire and em-
barrassment. To her delight her friend,
who is wealthy, offers her the loan of a
The Best Years of One
Woman's Life Spent in
a Vain Sacrifice
Of Self.
NEEDLESS SUFFERING,
DR. PIERCE'S REMEDIES.
DR. PIERCE'S REMEDIES.
HOUSE FURNISHINGS.
Cop. I6th and Mission Sts.
thor. Dr. R. V. Pierce. This preat work,
containing? 100S pases and 700 Illustrations,
is sent free to 'vomen on receipt of stamps
to pay expense of mailing only. Send 3t
one-cent stamps (for mailing only), I!
cloth binding is desired, or 21 stamp3 for
t'.e book in psiper cover. Address Dr. R.
V. Pierce. Buffalo. X. Y.
UNDISPUTED SUPREMACY.
WVve repeatedly told you that there is not a house in this
tire my, all claims to the contrary notwithstanding, that can
gire'tou (not only promise) as .much for your money as you can
giei here Are we going just a little beyond the truth? Not a
yllable. We reiterate again with all the' emphasis possible that,
lar for dollar, quality for quality, this store is more than a
natch for any that disputes its leadership.
8.»
This Is the Belt "*^i r**r 5 that eui»«
WITHOUT >**JWv^ DRUG9!
Powerful else- /Ii^* trie currenj!
All modern Im- ' J J,' provemsnt*!
Weakness and Xervoua Diseases ai both
•exes tp««<lily cured when ether remedies
fall to do the work. Lara* hack "knocked
out" In » days. Prices reasonable. BUT
NO BELT TTLI. TOU SEB "DR.
PIERCE'S." Call, or s«nd a 2-cent stamp
for "BOOKLET NO. 2." Address PIERCB
ELECTniC COMPANY. Elsven forty-flTs
BROADWAY (near 2tth St.). NEW YORK.
Pacific Coast headquarters. Six twenty
Market St.. SAN FRANCISCO.
N. B.— Our "Booklet No. 1" tells all
about Dr. Plerce's Electric TRUSS. It
CURES Rupture!
iSB^ia i real •" « J!^ja
B'B ¦ $1 fiH 1 its B PSifl
O 1 ¦ ¦ n » in i 1 ' ff in 1 I In i-^/
f', 1 him in 1 in 1 11 1 ¦mm 1 1 iimi 1111 1 ——————— ——^
[ STARE THE DOCTOR IN THE FACE.
Built from on ABSOLUTELY WATERPROOF LEATHER
into PERFECT WINTER FOOTWEAR. PREVENT COLDS
AND COUGHS. Made by Buckingham & Hecht, with
CORK 80LE8, at $5.00 the pair for men, and they i
contain NO INJURIOUS LININGS (such as oiled ellk o*
rubber).
ONLY AT Jg^, |^fr |f , ||^3 San Francisco.
Mail Orders Filled -Addrcs* Department O.
\y asssss: ' UJJ W^/ ILJ - li - X
M. Siminoff,
The largest wholesale manufacturer
on the coast, will make to order
High-Grade LADIES' TAILOR
SUITS at
Wholesale
1228 MARKET STREETSAN RAFAEL, Nov. 10.— John Furlong,
market hunter on the bay shore, near
Black Point, nearly lost hl3 life in a sink
box, from which he was shooting ducks
last night. His box broke Its anchorage
and floatfed out in the fog of San Pablo
Bay. He was not rescued until nearly
dead from cold at midnight.
Some t'ays ago Furlong conceived the
Idea that a large cask, -weighted down and
anchored off shore, would serve as a good
hiding place whence to shoot ducks and
he rigged one up. -Late yesterday after
noon he was rowed out to and deposited
ln - his barrel. So busy was he shooting
at the evening flight of ducks that he
failed to notice the anchor line break, and
soon he was helplessly floating on the tide.
A light wind blowing off shore sent him
out on San Pablo Bay. A dense fog set
tled down with the darkness and Furlong
was lost.
When his partner returned to take him
from the barrel. he guessed at the man s
fate and rowed out Into the bay, firing his
gun and shouting. At last Furlong was
located and rescued, together with His
small spaniel, which had been his com
panion and shared his peril in the floating
barrel.
Tide Carries Out Cask From
Which He Is Shooting
Ducks.
HUNTER'S CLOSE
CALL FOB LIFE
splendid work earned for him well de
served praise.
The deceased turfman was connected
through marriage with the celebrated
Kentuckian Price McGrath. In early life
marrying Betty, one of the nine pretty
nieces of the master of the famous Me-
Grathiana stud. .Previous to adopting
starting Mr. Ferguson, In partnership
with Eph Simmons, conducted the Walnut
Hill stock farm, near Lexington, which
later was disposed of to Tom Stevens, an
extensive breeder. He then became owner
of the Kingston stock farm, also located
near the city of Lexington, and home of
the stallions Prince Jloyal and imp. St.
George. Among some of the crack per
formers which came from that establish
ment were Wadsworth, the flying son of
Longfellow and Carrie Phillips; Helter
Skelter, imported from England In utero;
Applause, St. Lee, Maud Ferguson and a
score of other bracket getters. 1 '¦
It was the exciting episode which oc
curred In front of the Phoenix Hotel, now
seventeen years ago. that undoubtedly
hastened the starter's end. Rebuking Cap
tain May. a retired sea captain, for strik
ing an old man named Woolley while ar
guing over some trivial matter "in Tracey's
livery stable, ihe former retired, only to
secure a pistol. Returning he fired four
shots into the back of Ferguson all tak
ing effect. The injured man was conveyed
to a drugstore, while G000 angry citizens
surrounded the Jail, threatening to lynch
the shooter it becoming necessary to. call
out the militia to preserve order. After
lingering along for six months Ferguson
recovered, but the leaden messengers had
been a continual source of trouble. One of
them was extracted In this city two years
ago.
Special Dispatch, to The CalL
RIOTS CEASE
AT ANDERSON
Settlement of Difficulties
in the Texas
Town.
NAVASOTA, Tex.. Nov. 10.— The dispute
rvhich has caused so much trouble at An
derson, Grimes County, is at an end. It
had its origin in this town, where Sheriff
Garrett Scott was held responsible by an
organization known as the White Men's
Vnion for alleged misconduct of affairs.
At the recent election Scott was defeated
end later was warned to leave the coun
try, which he refused to do. Late Wed
nesday afternoon the Sheriff was shot
and seriously wounded by an unknown
person. Emmett Scott, a brother of the
Sheriff, ar.d William McDonald engaged
in a Ptreet duel. When the smoke of bat
tle cleared away both Emmett Scott and
McDonald were dead, as was also John
Bradley Jr.
The entire town of Anderson was In a
state of excitement over the affair, and
Sheriff Scott took possession of the jail,
which he has since held by force. To
day Adjutant General Scurry arrived at
the scene of the trouble and at once set
about to restore order. The Houston
Light Guards were ordered to Anderson.
Sheriff Scott has consented to leave 1 the
county, and the military company will es
cort him to Houston. It is said that sev
eral attempts had been made to -wreck
the Jail, but the attempts were abandoned
ct the advice of leading citizens. Many
shots were exchanged la,st night, but bo
far as Is known no -one was Injurei
JOLIET. HI.. Nov. 10.— The McKenna
rolling mills here closed to-day for an In
definite period. About 300 men are af
fected. Lack of orders Is given as the
cause of the shutdown,
Boiling Kills Close.
LEXINGTON. Ky., Nov. 10.—
James B. Ferguson, the noted
turfman and starter of race
horses, died to-night at 10 o'clock
in the Good Samaritan Hospital
here. Death was the result of a wound
made in the back twenty years ago. by
Captain A. J. May during a difficulty. He
leaves a widow. _
The bugle has sounded, and James Bev
erley Ferguson, race horse starter and
breeder of thoroughbreds, known the
sporting world over, has answered the
final post call, lie leaves an aged mother
residing in Louisville, a widow and two
children to mourn his untimely demise.
Elsie, the daughter, is now the wife of
Phil Chinn, a prominent horseman, while
the son. Garnet, now claims California as
his home, having some four years back
wedded Miss Maud Eppinger, daughter of
the grain merchant of this city.
Born in Kentucky about fifty-seven
years ago. James B. Ferguson began his
career as a starter at the Nashville, Tenn.,
spring meeting of 1SS5. His initial essay
was a pronounced success, since which
time he appeared on nearly all of the big
race courses of this country and Canada,
dropping the flag to marked advantage
through different seasons at Harlem. St.
Paul. Saratoga, Cincinnati, Louisville,
Lexington. New Orleans, Denver, Mon
tana, Windsor, Can., San Francisco and
Oakland. He was known to all Califor
nlans as starter for the California Jockey
Club, having been brought v> this coast
in 1831 by Thomas H. Williams Jr., and his
DEVELOPMENT
OF THE WEST
Congress Will Be Requested
to Make Large Ap
propriation.
DENVER, Nov. 10.— The Denver Cham
ber of Commerce has called a mass-meet
ing of business men for Monday for tlio
purpose of considering the Irrigation stor
age question. The National Irrigation
Congress is to meet In Chicago on No
vember 21 and the question of securing
Government aid in building storage reser
voirs In the West is to come up. The last
session ' cf Congress appropriated JlOO.OXt
to make surveys and a number of plans
will be ready when Congress meets in De
cember. The West is in favor of going to
Congress with a request for an appropria
tion of $15,000,000 as a starter and Denver
will try to send a bis delegation to Chi
cago to boom this idea. The business men
of the Eaet are already awake. It is
claimed, and will join hands with the
business men of the West in seeing that
a big appropriation Is made to start the
work.
The idea Is to have the Government con
serve the ¦waters near the heads of
streams and leave the distribution to
private capital. The engineers claim that
an expenditure of $150.0W,000 will not only
provide water for reclaiming all the irri
gable land In the "West, furnish homes for
at least 50,000,000 of people, but will will
put an end to the disastrous Bprlng floods
that devastate the Mississippi and Mis
souri valleys every year and will render
unnecessary the expenditure, of large
lums annually by the Government build-
Ing levees. The movement Is to be a
movement of business men in the Interest
of building up the West and making
homes for a larger population. George II.
Max-well, chairman or the National Irri
gation Association, will be here Monday
to address the meeting.
I bands could not exist except for the «up
port they received from the to-svn« ~ He
says that the education of the Filipinos
will tend to secure their submission, but
Indicates that this will take a great deal
of time and patience and an adequate
force.
In closing his report General jfaeArthur.
after speaking of the estnblishssent of a
republican form ct government In the isl
ands, says: "In the liKht of existing: con
ditions It Is difficult to realize that thero
Is any possibility of such a future for the
islands, especially so .as at present, and
for many years to come, the necessity of a
large American military and naval force
is too apparent to admit of discussion. On
the other hand, however, there are many
encouraging conditions to sustain such a
conviction. For example, in the Philip
pines there Is no dynasty to destroy: ro
organized system of feudal laws to eradi
cate: no principles Inconsistent with re
publicanism which had solidly Inslnuatei
themselves into the national life to dis
place; no adverse aspects of nature to
overcome. On the contrary, nature, which
Is "exuberant, balmy and generous, has
nourished into existence several millions
of sensitive and credulous people, without
allegiance to any existing- Institutions, but
animated by certain inchoate Ideas and
aspirations, which by some unfortunate
perversion of thought they conceive to be
threatened by America. These people, for
tunately, are intelligent, generous and
flexible, and probably will yield quickly
and with absolute confidence to tuition
and advice when thoroughly Informed of
American Institutions and purposes. As a
future thought in the same direction it
may be suggested that the Aryan races
are making their way back Into the old
continent, which as a consequence is like
ly within a generation more to become the
theater of gigantic political activities. Up
to this time the practical effect of repub
lican Institutions has not been considered
In this connection, but hte rapid exten5»!on
of republican dvllizaton n these Islands.
which Is not only possible, but procable.
of necessity must exert an active and po
tential influence upon the affairs of Asia,
which under the inspiration of American
Ideas transmitted through Filipinos may
exhibit the greatest of political wonders.
A rather broad conception, perhaps, but
one well calculated to fix the attention of
the most casual observer and to warm
the fancy of the most indifferent."
WASHINGTON, Nov. lO.-Major Gen
eral Arthur MacArthur, commanding the
army in the Philippines and military Gov
ernor of the islands slnce'"May 5, 1900,
has submitted his report to the War De
partment. A considerable portion of the
report relates to events which took place
previous to the date when he assumed
command, and he publishes some of the
correspondence and proclamations of the
Filipinos obtained before that time. He
refers to the change in Aguinaldo's plans
in abandoning his army organization and
starting a guerrilla warfare. The condi
tions of the country have afforded advan
tages for such a policy, he says, as t.iey
have enabled the Insurgents to appear
and disappear at their convenience. At
one time they are soldiers and immeui
ately after are within the lines In the at
titude of peaceable natives. - A widely
scattered formation of Filipinos quickly
followed the guerilla warfare, which led
to a corresponding dissemination of
American troops, there being fifty-three
military stations In the archipelago Iso
vembtr 1. 1S99, and 413 stations September
1, 1900. This resulted in a large number
of minor affairs, many of which did not
assume the dignity of a regular combat,
though the casualties between the dates
stated were 268 Americans killed, 750
wounded and 63 captured, the Filipino
losses during the same time being 3227
killed.' 694 wounded and 2SB4 cantured.
General MacArthur sayB the extensive
distribution of troops has strained the
soldiers of the army to the full limit of
endurance. He says the apparently de
sultory work has demanded more of dis
cipline and as much of valor as was re
quired during the period of regular ope
rations against concentrated field forces
of insurrectionists. General MacArthur
speaks In the highest terms of the ser
vice rendered by the troops amid all la
bors and hardships.
"The Filipinos, says General MacAr
thur, "are not a warlike or ferocious peo
ple. Left to themselves, a large number
of them would gladly accept American
MacArthur Sends Long Re
port Detailing Con
ditions.
PRESENT NEEDS
IN PHILIPPINES
He says that this statement applies to
the entire archipelago, excepting the por
tion of Mindanao occupied by Moros. and
the Join group. The Moros seem entirely
satisfied with present conditions.
General MacArthur quotes captured cor
respondence to show the efforts of the in
surgent leaders to Intimidate and control
the people. He declares that the guerrilla
supremacy, which they are gradually
comlnp to understand means Individual
liberty and absolute security In their
lives and propertv. They have been mad
dened, however, the past five years, by
rhetorical sophistry and stimulants ap
plied to national pride, until the power
of discriminating In matters of public
cohcern or private Interest has been al
most entirely suspended. As a substitute
for all other considerations the people
seem to be actuated by the Idea that In
all doubtful matters of politics or war
men are never nearer ripnt that when
going with their own kith and kin, re
gardless of correctness." This condition,
he says, has raised difficulties and ob
structions In pacification.
The effort to Institute municipal govern
ment under Amerlcan-»ausplces carried the
Idea of exclusive fidelity to the United
States, but this met with difficulties where
Pillplnos were placed entirely In control,
and secret municipal governments were
organized In various towns under Insur
gent auspices to proceed simultaneously
with the American Government and often
through the same personnel. Presidents
and town officials acted in behalf of Amer
icans and secretly In behalf of the Insur
gents, and paradoxical as It may seen,
with considerable apparent solicitude for
the interests of both. Wherever there Is
a group of Insurgent forces, contiguous
towns contribute to their support and ren
der great assistance in secreting the sol
diers and helping them to -escape. The
reports says the success of the guerrilla
system depends upon complete unity of
action among the native population. That
there Is such unity Is frankly acknowl
edged, but how it is brought about.
General MacArthur says he Is unable to
ascertain. Intimidation accounts for the
condition to some extent. He adds: "It
is more prM>able that the adhesive prin
ciple comes from ethnological homogeneity,
which induces men to respond for a time
to the appeals of consanguineous leader
ship, even when such action is opposed to
their own Interest and convictions of ex
pediency."
THE FAMOUS TURFMAN WHO PASSED AWAY AFTER A LINGERING
ILLNESS IN THE 'GOOD SAMARITAN HOSPITAL AT THE CITY OF
LEXINGTON, KY.
Everybody should t go to : the assignee
sale of clothing, ladies' and gents' shoes;
S rices no object ' at the Boston Shoe Co.,
[5 Market street, near Fourth- . . •.
Assignee Sale in Clothing.
PHOENIX. Ariz.. Nov. 10.— Mrs. Claire
Binford and E. M. Harris, the Los Ange
les elopers, -^yrere indicted to-day- by the
United States, Grand Jury. They are still
out on bonds and will be arraigned next
Thursday. Mrs. Binford did not want to
go before the Grand Jury, and : her pres
ence was not Insisted upon.
It Is understood Harris denies that he is
a -hypnotist or. magnetic healer," and' says
he practices only the Harris system of
massage. .H© claims .also, that -Mrs. .Bin
ford's Infatuation for him led him out of
the path of rectitude before he proposed
the flight from Los Angeles, and that now
she -has allowed her affection for him to
wane, and' is -making charges designed to
throw the blame upon him. ,
"Will Be Arraigned at Phoenix
on Thursday.
"Professor" Harris and Mrs. Binford
ELOPEBS INDICTED BY
FEDERAL OEAND JURY
The Great Northern has for' some time
seen -the possibilities in the way of in
creasing Its business .through Sioux City
and Omaha to points on the Union Pacific
All manner of freight moving: from the
twin cities into Nebraska, Colorado, Mis
souri, etc., can be sent to the Union Pa
clflc over the Wllmar and Sioux Falls
line and return freight can be very ad
vantageously handled over the same
route. ' v~' : -".\ t ,
As the Chicago, St. Paul, Minneapolis
and Omaha system Is closely allied to the
Union Pacific Interests, the consent "of
that road to the agreement was obtained
yesterday. The Omaha will have first call
on all Interchangeable business, but the
Great Northern,. through the new agree
ment, will be considered a close second
choice and will get a much larger share of
business than heretofore. . . trx.
ST. PAUL., Nov. 10. — The Great North
ern is about to conclude a new traffic ar
rangement with the. Union, Pacific Com
pany. Involving the extension of business
between the two companies on a more ex
tensive scale. The agreemnt will Include
both passenger and freight business. The
preliminary contract has been drawn and
was to-day sent to the Union Pacific and
the Oregon Railway and Navigation. Com
pany for approval. . v : »• ¦ .
The details were practlcally : agreed upon
at a conference held between Vice Presi
dent Miller of the Great Northern and
General Traffic Manager Munroe of the
Union Pacific. The passenger agreement
was considered by General Passenger
Agent Whitney of the Great Northern and
General Passenger Agent Lomax of the
Union Pacific.
Plans Considered by Great
Northern and Union
Pacific.
NEW TRAFFIC
ARRANGEMENT
STARTER FERGUSON
DIES AT LEXINGTON
Operation Affords but Temporary Relief
to the Turfman.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NO V.EMBER 11, 1900.
28
A reporter called to Interview Mme. Ribault
a few days ago and was astonished to find that
she Is a woman rast the three score mile post
Mms. Ribault Explains to a Reporter tin
Secret of Her Beautiful Complezisn ,
that Makes Her Look Twenty-
five, Althougi P&3t
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A TRIAL PACKAGE FREE.
HOW TO QUIT TOBACCO
1146 MARKET STREET.
LADIES' BLACK CLOTH CAPES—
300 will be sold at..... $1.75
400 will be sold at 2.50
500 will be sold at 3.00
600 will be sold at.. 400
750 win be sow at .....;;;;;;!!!; 5.00
Ladies will do well to examine the above lines. Posi-
tively they are the GREATEST BARGAINS ever offered.
shades Castor, Black, Blue and Red, value OIO Cft
for $20.00, sale price .•
SUITS, value for $20.00, sale price .... A 4 r n fl
LADIES' CLOTH CAPES, with flounce neatly trimmed,
LADIES' GOLF SKIRTS, value for $2.50, Of QC
will be placed on sale at U 11 Zu
MISSES' CLOTH CAPES, with Plaid Hoods, <J Q r ft
value for $6.cx>, will.be sold at ". UU'vU
LADIES' BLACK AND COLORED JACK- ftr Aft
ETS, tailor-made, value for $7.50, sale price, t^QtUU
LADIES' BLACK AND COLORED VENETIAN
DIES' AND MISSES' AUTOMOBILES, LADIES'
AND MISSES' GOLF CAPES.
•..IN...
SUITS, JACKETS, CAPES, SKIRTS, WAISTS, LA-
Greatest Bargains Ever Offered
We Will Place On Sale the
MONDAY
At Less Than Cost of Production!
Closed Out From a Leaning New York
Manufacturer
1500 Garments
©G0O©OOO©©©e©O0»©0©0©»00G)©3)©0{*e00vO80000S©
Stamping free on all goods bought of us to be embroidered.
Lessons given in embroidery. Free delivery in city & bay towns
Our new stock of Silk Umbrellas for the season has
just been opened. The assortment of handles is the largest
and prettiest that we have ever shown. You could not select
a more useful Holiday Gift.
Ladies' taffeta silk umbrella— Ladies' taffeta silk umbrellas— very
choice natural wool. Dresden and fine assortment of crook and
silver mounted handle*, paragon straight handles, in ivory, pearl, etc..
frame, tassel and taffeta case. Would silver mounted in many beautiful de-
be considered good value at $2.7.v— signs, regular $400 and $5.00 grades
Special 61.85 • Special $3.00
A new and elegant line of gentlemen's Umbrellas just
opened — 85c, $i.oo ? $1.40, $1.85, $2.50, $4.50 and $6.00.
The above goods are on sale at both our Market street
and Post street stores.
Silk Umbrellas.
Tailor-Made Suit.
Excellent quality all-wool broad-
cloth, in black and navy, iacket cut
with Russian blouse effect, prettily
trimmed with satin bands — flounce
effect skirt trimmed with four rows
of satin bands— Only $18.00
Made of all-wool plaid back trolf
material, nicely made with jiore
seams with four rows of stitching:
12 rows stitching on bottom: color;
brown, blue and Oxford. Well worth
$7.50— Our Price 65.50
Rainy-Day Skirt.
This department is a new one with us, and
even-thing' contained in it is of the latest in both ma-
terial and fashion, and the workmanship on every gar-
ment is all that skill and the utmost care can make
it. All alterations are made without charge, and
nothing is left undone to give the customer absolute
satisfaction in even' way. We mention two items
which will give some idea of the splendid .values to
be found throughout this department.
Tailored Suits and Skirts
A^--r---r f 'a on B= r nr7 Use the mail freeIy# \
VHlfT^ VjA'ftT C ' \*JH r* J«st say size and i|
color and pnce# \
Highest Pinnacle of Lowest Prices
Built on the Foundation of Broadest Worth,
% ; "The height of the pinnacle is determined by the breadth of *h* base ¦ Jhe Jroadest base of business orobity
is the onlv secret that has made possible this store's present hi*h Pinnacle of « elu j" e * s - .
The foundation of its popularity is "the best and only newest wods |^* c^ A^ir«J 2f? ed - tO u yo ? ex "
actly as they are-and sold at the very smallest of profit It has^ade household *ord s or the phrase.
"Tf T w?nt something I kn6\v is eood I always ffo to THE ART CAKrt.1 anur.
Yt has madV the stamp ART CARPET SHOP mean somethme more than rame-sterlin* value-when
attached to any article? It has made buying here really permanently more economical than at any other metropolitan
store It ha "Lade its trade broad, all-embracing, yet distinctively uniQtte. Sg-g^SSS W1 i h ° ttt 3 "^ ' u , similar "
fty It lias made a to-morrow with such far-reaching opportunities that our following news columns can only feebly
suggest its economies. _ JA PANESE-At a quarter or more below actual worth:
• . m-imtTf'r—*" 18x36 inches: worth $1 10: sale price this week -.„
w_-msuuaiSg^^^ BB^^— i^^^ 9^^^6 30x60 Inches; worth *3 00; sale price this week jjy =V
B 1* "m W W ' Afl 36x72 inches: worth *4 25: sale price this week $2*10
H _ I i D A^mS *5Pw 4x7 feet; w °rth $7 00; sale price this week
E Oh H R 1 EteM&v AXMINSTER RUGS— 27x60 ><"*1O
3 E§ IK ti W^»®»» IS AXMINSTER RUGS— 72x36 SsT'Vo
I B i ft ¦¦¦ 'VT> M KENSINGTON ART RUGS 7-6x0... S3.OO 12x3.. . S6 :>O
1 w . JL^^JIKiHsJLss^S fine mattings 7 l-2c to doc
P t r^1tSS^mian«>mif» ROYAL, WILTON RUGS—
M no -,, vt ,vi T?TTr"<?_ 36x18 J51 ,(1'2 72x36 R?; CiO
•8 H SMYRNA RUGS- Mx26 §3.00 12x9 SStISo
8 K fiT)x27 """ '.'.".'.'. '....»2. 35 BOSTON FIBER RUGS— Beautiful and Durable^-
£ £ Reversible "White and Gray 36x18 9 £ 6 « S4.«0
g _ | FUR RUGS and ANGORAS. 60x27 g—lO 12x9 S0.45
..S2.1O '0x36 .*>...<»•>
ART CARPET SHOP, 228 Powell St., Near Geary.
A n«w remedy haa b«en discovered that Is
odorless and tasteless, can be mixed with coffee
or food, and when taken Into the system a man
cannot use tobacco in any form. It will cure
even the confirmed, cigarette fiend and Is a god-
send to mothers who have growing boys addict-
ed to the smoking of cigarettes. A free trial
package of the remedy will be mailed prepaid
upon application to Rogers; Drug A. Chemical
Co., 1426 Fifth and Race sts., Cincinnati, Ohio.
This will enable any, woman to drive foul to-
bacco smoke and dirty spittoons from the homo.
Cured After Uslnft Tobacco 40 Years.
. Any lady who will send her name and address
to Mme-'M. Ribault, 1055 Elsa Bldg., Cincin-
nati. Ohio. "¦¦: will receive by mall, sealed In a
plain wrapper a package free of the same treat-
ment .which Mme. Ribault . uses to defy age,
time and the dlsngurementa so common to wo-
men/; who have been sick or whose complexion
has ' Buffered " through any cause. It . Is not a
chemical, cosmetic. ; paste, . drug . or ¦ anything
painful * or ; harmful, Jrut ¦ an : absolutely pure
remedy that Is perfectly safe for any skin. Di>
not delay, but write Immediately.": r /---,
.They completely remove pimples, blackheads,
moth patches, redness." crow's feet, sallowness
and every facial blemish no matter what It is.
During the interview the facts were brought out
that Mme. Ribault has had her share of sor-
,rows. of trials, of sickness and all else that Is
responsible for woman'* poor and impoverished
skin,* and yet. in spite of all. she has by her r«-
markable treatment, which any one can apply,
preserved her appearance so that she look*
young, pretty and vivacious, although long
past tha time when women are "supposed to be
susceptible to looking charming. -
In life's Journey.- She certainly does not look a
day older than twenty-flve. Her complexion Is
a dream. Not a blemish, not a wrinkle, not a
flaw marks the most superb, the most fascin-
ating- and the most perfect skin that can be
Imagined. ""What do you do to accomplish
euph a magnificent result?" was asked. "Only
these," remarked the Madame, and she dis-
played what she referred to as her "beauty
makers." "It Is a very simple thin*." she
went on, "and any lady can be beautiful by
their daily. use for a short time." .
:me. m. ribault.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A TRIAL PACKAGE FREE.
\^W-Jlll-ni4 MJUWETsF^!^^^^
D I L •r«-Wii-— r i 7 I,',,, ' «»» % - inn— iTm2_ ¦ * ¦ ¦¦_ i ii i^_* ' •*
£V* -LECTHIC 9~AL WCKET9- •.'Vl
B^S above -we Illustrate our celebrated KftO.OO Electric Seal - ' • ,2 I
«•*' Jacket— It Is without doubt the handsomest Jacket of its *? «|
1 r* t kind ever offered at the price— looks and wears like seal- «.*—|
I \. skin. 22 inches long, elegantly lined with rich brown satin '••«**l
1 i*» and beautifully made — sent anywhere on the coast COD r »••'•*!
I*?.. on approval 83O.OO each }£•>§
f *y BALTIC SEAL C*«3- \;*vf
1" > aa exceptionally stylish garment (similar In looks and wear '*'*'!
_ZZ'. to sealskin), with a beautiful Russian mink top collar— **M
I ftz elegantly lined— »ee cut above. **• « I
HP- &-K" BT.5O XCf
¦ w t id incn • H.oO *'
I «J* IS inch 10.00 *»*V«
\±>. CATAIiOGUE FRDE-Our new fall fashion book la Just off V*
M~*f the press— A copy mailed free If you want one. { ? ¦»'
fcy% There is positively no economy in purchasinsr inferio- fur •»*"
p>* garments of smaller dealers. We are the largest fur house
tfe' in the world. We cather our own skins and make our 'Lvi
¦»*?< own garments — we save you money at every turn, jrfve you T^* 1 *
JC** Rood, clean, serviceable, dependable furs — whole skins (not ••».*« |
B£?» remnants), and of the choicest quality. *\* I
&»\c The manufacture of medium priced garments is a new fea- ••;•/•¦
«•*•<* tore with us. but the same excellence of material and y '*•! B
K*/*; makine iroes with the medium priced jcarments as with the s ? '»*1
j£>. finer jrrades. which have made the name of Liebes famous '.^I'
ADVERTISEMENTS.horses, hitched tandem, drew a buggy
containing Frederick Frerlch and Gtorge
K. Small. The ride was a wager as to
the successful Presidential candidates. On
the shafts of the vehicle were full dinner
palls, sending forth a merry jingle at each I
movement of the busrgy. which was pro
fusely decorated with flags and lanterns.
¦ m ¦
Mrs. Meyers Sent to Jail.
llrs. Nellie Meyers, "the woman in
black," who committed a number of petty
thefts from landladies by pretending that
she wanted to engrage a room, was sen
tenced to three months In the County Jail
by Judge Conlan yesterday. Her hus
band. Henry Meyers, who always accom
panied her, got six months a, few days
ago.
A novel election bet was paid last night
and It attracted as much attention as o
passing circus procession. From the cor
ner of Twelfth and Folsom streets J. B.
Caraffle and Arthur Parr, acting as
Losers Act as Horses.
Thf> Southern Pacific is said to be agraln
pOOtempiating >;irry!riE; out the construc
j on ; of :i branch road from San Ardo to
lh<> Slark« Canyon ccal minps. near Erad
j< ;. . <"al. The building of thir* road was
c«^nFio< red pcao ten years ago and the
route was pone over by Engineer Hood
ard other officials of the construction de
partment. The dti'ire of several pro
moters to n|irn up the territory it: given
a* thf ocraslon for the present talk of
going ahead with the line.
Branch Line to Coal Fields.
MACRUM SAYS CHARGES AGAINST
BRITISH WERE WELL FOUNDED
• - 1 — : *
Former United States Consul at Pretoria
Visits the Pacific Coast.
GRAY SEEKS TO GAIN
CUSTODY OF CHUDBEN
Izmtitiitss Two Proceedings Agninst
His Former Wife With That
Object in View.
Gofjrp? K. Gray of thf contracting firm
cf Gray I"!rr?. Instituted tvro proceedings
p Eterflay ;tq-:iir.st his former wife, llar
%¦ ret E. Gray, In an effort to secure the
custody cf the persons and control of the
estates of his children, Mildred and
Harry iW. Gray.
Mr. Gray $!ed a petition yesterday ask
in? tho court to modify the d«ree cf di
vorce granted Mr?. Grey on the ground
of cruelty two year? ago anJ vacate the
nr.lcr giving Mrs. Gray th<> custody or
the children ar.d award th« same to him.
In an accompanying affidavit Gray al-
I«~£is> that bis former wife has compelled
Ms children to associate with persons of
objectionable ar.d improper character;
that > c he hi* mglectcd to *end Mildred
Gr;i>- to Fc-hool. has neglected her daujrh
ter, has kept h«*r out until late and im
proper hour*; ha? neglected her children
and itft them alone until as late ns 2
. c'i0m in the morning and has used vul
£>.r and jir«'fano language in the pit-fence
<_>t her children."
Gray further asks thnt the court reduce
his former wife's allmyny allowance
fn.m $%*> to SI'-O a month.
A petition for letters of guardianship
iipin tbc perrcr:? and estates of his ehil
«ir»-n Bras .i'.so fllp'l by Mr. Gray. Doth
petitions, it is eaid, will be contested by
Sirs. Gray.
poorly clad entered tl^e cellar of the brcw
«ry. He accosted Albert Dore, the fore
man, and be£?ed for a <5rir.k of be^r.
Dore was busy at the time ar.d was ex-
Rrafrlrg the vats by nieans of an electric
lipht bulb attached to a long, loose wire.
Accordinc to the story tola by Dore to
me Morgue plflcl^ls and to Detective
ilyan. the man' approached him when he
asked for the drink. Dore told him to pet
out and pointed the bulb, -which he car
ried in his hand, toward the door. The
men were near each other, and when Dore
reached out the lamp the stranger
pra««pod the end of it. Almost instantly
he f*H to the floor. Kverything' was done
to revive him. but he showed no signs of
i'.fe. and an ambulance wa." called.
When the ambulance reached the Re
ceiving Hospital the man was pronounced
dead and hi* body was taken to the
Morjtu^. At the instance of the Coroner
Detective Ryan was detailed on the ca^-e
and made an investigation. Ryan says
that while handling the buib he aiso re
ceived a shock. It was not very strong
and It is the supposition that the strang-er
must have been suffering from a weak
heart when he grasped the lamp.
The victim of the tragedy was about
50 years of aq;e. He was stoutly built
and 5 feet 10 Inches In .helRht. He wore
a full beard, which was tinged with gray.
He was dressed In a black suit and whltJ
shirt. None of the employes of the brew
ery had ever seen him about the place
before.
The identity of the unfortunate man is
a mystery. There was nothing on his
person (o Indicate who he was. In on»i
of his pockets was a card with the words,
"Good for one bed at the Model Lodging
house. 7L'7 Minslon street." The mall s
Identity could not be learned at that place,
as hundreds of his claFS come and go
without leaving anything by which they
might be known.
STRANGER VISITOR IS KLEC
TROCITED ACCIDENTALLY
IN RAILROAD BREWERY.
ASKS FOR A GLASS OF BEER
AND RECEIVES FATAL SHOCK
Death of a In a Brewery Follows Coefact
V7aui ii>cjcwiiiye iEil€Ciinc iUilgaut oiUlilo,
DITH came In a singular man
• i r to a stranger visitor In the
rtallroad Brewery. Valencia
>ireet. near Sixteenth, yester
day afternoon. A defective
llgfct bulb pave the man r tsheck
rendered him unconscious and
:;> killed him. The police, after
;ing the case, came to the con
:hat the s=hock received by the
Lfl not BUfflcScat to kill a person in
ponflltion ar.d that his heart's ac
jst have been very weak.
-..y Mter 3 o'clock in the afternoon
nan apparently » years of ape and
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 11, , 1000.
Democratic State Senator-Elect In
.Seventeenth District Neglected to
Comply "With Law's Formality.
It was- ascertained in the Registration
Office yeBtenJay that Joseph Plunkett. the
successful Democratic candidate for State
Senator in the Seventeenth Senatorial Dis
trict, nedected to register for the last
JOSEPH PLUNKETT DID
NOT REGISTER HIS NAME
election.
Registrar Walsh states that Plunkett's
failure to comply with the formality will
not Invalidate his election. The law sim
ply- provides that to be chosen as Senator
a man must have been a citizen and In
habitant of the State for. three years and
of the district one year previous to being
elected.
The records show that I'lunkett was
registered for last year's election, where
his name appears In the ninth precinct of
the Twenty-ninth Assembly District. His
residence is given as 318 Clementina street.
>*— >i HARLES E. MACRUM of East
g ' Liverpool, Ohio, ex-Consul at
fi - Pretoria, who created a stir In
V J Government circles last spring
by accusing the British officials
in South Africa with tampering with his
mail, is at the Palace Hotel.
This Is Macrum's first visit to the coast
and there were no acquaintances here to
recognize or greet him when he sauntered
into the hotel office, with his arms full of
luggage, to affix his signature to the reg
ister. And even If there had been any
old friends in waiting it is doubtful if his
identity would have been disclosed, for
he has grown a mustache that changes
his appearance materially. .
Macrum is out here as traveling sales
man for a Pittsburg. Pa., glass firm. He
saya he is out of politics, but declares he
is still loyal to the Republican party.
His faith In the administration appears to
have 1 lost its keen ardor, however, and an
effort to engage him in a discussion of
McKinley's victory was rewarded by an
abrupt Inquiry as to Rome of San Fran
cisco's notable attractions.
Macrum says he is still unable to ex
plain to his own satisfaction why he was
removed as Consul to Pretoria.
"After I had preferred the charges
agoinst the British officials for tampering
with my mall (and, by the way, those
charges were well founded, too) I asked
for- a leave of absence, which was grant
ed me,"" he said yesterday. "Upon my
airlval home I was surprised to learn
that Adelbert F. Hay, son of Secretary
Hay, had been named to take my place
I had known President McKiniey for
twelve years nnd was greatly surprised at
his action. Even now I am unable to un
derstand why I was so unceremoniously
dropped."
Macrum expects to be in San Francisco
a week or ten days.
CHARLES E. MACRUM. EX-UNITED STATES CONSUL AT PRETORIA,
WHO ARRIVED IN THIS CITY YESTERDAY AND IS REGISTERED
AT THE TALACB HOTEL.
29
GSAPE-NUTS.
This young man is a member of quite
a famous family. He requests that his
r.ame be omittr-d. but the same cttn be
furnished by application to the Pcwtum
Ccrtai Co.. Ltd.. Battle Creek, Mich.
"This rather surprised mo. Since that
I have made the food a regular article of
diet. I Jkrpp a box on hard at the office
and often lunch on Grape-Nuts and cream
Instead of going home to dinner.
' ''Although it v.as in the Fummer when
I started the use of the food, it was not
lor.K Jxfore I had gained Hftcen pounds,
and I know it is from the use of this food
that 1 can ctahd so well the indoor work.
My health is now perfect; sleep eound and
« njoy my rncals. but find I do not need
to eat bo rnuch volume of other food while
eating: Grape-Nuts.
, -A fhort time ago J thought Grape-
.\~.;!.- v.<re ecmicencin* to disagree with
rc.o, but found it was because 1 was eat-
IngNSSOri than you recommend. I 6lmply
ate too much at a time and more than
the system required. When I returned to
the rVgular ;/erd' of four heaping trti-
tpoons. the old zest for the food re-
turned."
"My health frrew no better: I felt unfit
for work and at night would lie awake
several hours before sleep would come.
Th* apjjcUte era* gone entirely. One
i .•-......: a new dish appeared on the table.
Grape-Nuts with cream. We all thought
it an excellent food, and I not only en-
joyed breakfast that day. but dinner and
supper, as wo!!.
A young athlete, commenting on the
nr-'-d of well selected food to build up a
rr.an after overstudy. eays: "Two years
ago I returned home from the university
with my health quite run down from
ovorFtudy and ievere athletic training. I
no<d<<l a ffood rci?t to put me right; but
ir.Ptf ad of taking It, went to work In an
office v.lth very confinlnj duties.
Rebuilds Brain and Muscle.
FOOD FOR ATHLETES
ADVERTISEMENTS.
i /^^^^^^^v-^^ihht^AX LOOKS, WEARS BETTER THAN A WE ARE MANUFACTURERS. |
I CAL L J I is 0 L SILK SXIRL PRlcES s»Jc l h ffSFur that 1
) 1/: ¦^^^/^^^^^/jff j::^^^' W\T ¦••'¦ M O R B E N g^j LADIES* FLANNELETTE H
I J^V^/^^^^/fi^^i^ %\ Mfll lfiEff °i T VE^j3? S ,T //^iX n?mSe S tte??n C solld colors, yoke °ef- §
3 If lLI«^H '* S!m QUALITY SILK Ut\i§L£l foot. rollir.R collar finished with g3
I V^^ ii jrf%&Z§0^ffiy t4&&< J^V-* %J*£4a9JLmi Moreen, satin /^4il-C^M feather edge flnishinp braid, full §§
"^* \wU'-'%y?^\M >^ /V^V^y^^^\ j& %t ripP .' Ea S h /^?SS^?-Kr^ l^npth. full width, double yoke back. &j
S Jw^^^^^^tf^^ orfnfiMB ma y dt Plain Fllnn^tttTcownlo/^ ° ||
E^^^mM^^^^^^^^K wlrr3iS * leaTh^erIoooT^partment. i
1 ' '¦ ¦ JS^^B^i^^^^^^^P 5^^^^ fif^ 1 dtSt^uffle^a^TOmCTta^ffthe'nw — ...,.^i LADIES* H
M JrjJWmm^B^fB^BKSilA V^^^^g^^^y Mfffl / JT The bettor you nre as a Judge of «eWed. not Klu"^rt. Kt'erllnc Vr'imme.i. fj
¥1 M8B*&^%*!StmBBa8KBIKFMt\ /wfM '¦/ ,ot Underwear valuos. the moro you Opp of thr rr.anv nfTorinrs of t hi-* *»- (3
m jBMOffiraHBOWEtTOBm. il^Z^^^^W. Jt will reallie the Rdual values of -this rartm»nt 7r»«* )3
m & &%1$'.//Br Pa -lC>tiTi nnrv-q rmiRT\-\Tio\ YOUR money is SKCURE in a
M i^W|M^HnMB%^//#/# SUITS Oneita sty e. 1 ktna th at but- morocco leather. Suede lined, riveted g£
A 2i iTSiBrM^rBEtMlBflK'Si mffltrnl 1^1 W //# /y/ ?ons over the slinuWor, mane of ttn^ «- f . P | fr-.mr. tbr« rnniwrtmcnt^ Pj
A^liM^V^Tr W /Alii LADIES' ONEITA Sale at O'Farrsl.-streei entrance. *j
W^^MotR^> KM=^r%WS " ***»*'-™ Australian wool, steam shrunk. nDCCPUIVCDC >r-^ >-^ 'M
Wtiatmtffik K *-* Swiss ribbed. hipH neck, \ouk DRESSMAKERS, tj
ffiySw(W«Mm ' ¦ i\ HP sleeves, ankle length, neck crocheted iTrctiri-i! ! \r t4
IllS^SwNBk • -¦• an(1 finished with ?iik tape. At IcMIllih ! ff \ M
J^^^m^ Wrj/^^EJ.IB^nr^ P ef^l 2 n T^l\J h^t y^ SOMETHING NEW. %J gj
i S7OR E WHY N3T HAVE A PERFECT FORM ? A TALE CF LOW PRICES IS %
Eg9 IT ALL LIES IN THE CORSET U£U ' {fFRruiCCC
| WHEN THERE .IS ANYTHING NEW A CHANCE TO SECURE LACES you wear. nwiii*m™n,^ I
M You'll Be Sure to Find It at AT PRICES THAT WILL SURPRISE. g 7rdi E EM COR- /^A ' buy them now and lay them away for gj
«M RQSEKBFRfi'S 50 ° yards Real Hand-Made LINEN o FT made of the '"^5^ tfle holidays. S
IS -1 Knw iZ .h T< ?J* CHO^ LACE L anfl in r r t l ion :i no nnesi irnparted &&$* mo boxw GENTS' INITIAL HAND- i
Wi Jd^WL vp?? "mtm 0 better or finer goods made than these " ,' n r m ZA"^ *v KERCHIEFS, made of heavy Belfast >K
W\ -4ffl&kj8£S£ NLV\ MILI- laces; we can i say enough about sateen, rust- tj \ u hinrl-mirtA initiii «f« m
Sa K^^fW^S . TAHY WAIST. them, simply that they are hand- proof front nnd / / A ** Xi\\ WrhV'^n Tox \Vh nn» hnv n t f^
-H3f*?j\% mnd0 of Vf>r >' made and real linen; that la recom- side steels, lace. J [/ jXS*>\ while the asiortmVn^ l«. SfZrSSZ* V
fiH best iron frame mendatlon enough. Prices rang- trimmed. well -* 'A^-- f ;% - assortment is complete? B
Kffl /wfjBToSCHW'A n'l'acn, the mil- from r»c to ,91.00, just half their honed. 1 1 p lit - -(f >; . - •/ ;,\ \ '"*K°'A™n''\''\T\\vv'''nk*ix$;vvt X*
$H /nN\V®L^k\ ltar >' straiRht original value! weight and com- fe-'M pLw m^ ik.it S ('-
I'vm i^J^C^^/u^ \ front effpot set fortable; color* ' > ! '! ) } iUh.rn, marto df tr.f h»>st i nion
P off with fancy C/D \U CYPTCQ OP TUP DP'PCC black.' blue, white t \\ ( V*' / / lawn, hemstitched, plain whito or
5* if JMI I Itf black buttons. rA,ll IH tAbCOO UT Int rn.UZO an^ pink- a %2 : : cotored borders, some lace edge, oth-
13 I Jli I n\ vevr • stitched u/C h$Y corset insures no i\ ffV:j^ \ er f embroidered corners. KspeclaUy j
31 |-/a^ ' * '/pi collars, lined »t HOfti better satisfac- > U»^**^> ! * - priced u c K
ffl • r * th roughout. LADIES' HO- •-*_ tion than this at >/ 1 '• \ I
>M Regular price $4; our special. .jj«1.J>S RIKUY. made of JR2& ftl.OO - RIRRn'J fFFP'lVfJ^ T
a OUR CHALLENGE WAIST DEPARTMENT finished, fast h^^J^t LA VIDA " See and compare and you will find no f\
gl The Style Of these waists, their cheap- black LUle kJSr*5? nun. Friiro I'/Ji a rh°nn ai *e I
1 9 nest and beauty should iifJjence veu thread, dou- VSp» «r* a^nt" for thIs wl*brated "ouse in rrisco s.lis as cneap as we. g
El nes * ana °? a "V'* n ° u '° " 1uence r° u hie heels and * ¥%%& corset; it is made of the best Italian CPO pieces of BLACK 5
1 2 to tafee an interest in them. toes, full length. (^.-%i:'?5!& twill cloth, trimmed with embroid- VELVET RIBBON.
6*3 Among them is a waist made of They are woven * <r y / A^<^ ered flowers of silk flossing, bias cut. satin back. It is the »>^ K'
He finest imported alpaca, all over tuck- fo as not to in- xL^JaJi hand-gored, boned with genuine best French ribbon fcVK ta
u i ed and hemstitched with black jure or burn i^y?®. whalebones, perfect In fit and gives made. Warranted fast
fia stitching, lined throughout, now the most tender the wearer the correct military car- black J5v^ k?
fct] sleeve, flare cuff, now 1,'Alsion front. feet; thf best w\/^\' rlage; emial to. if not better, than "Wlilth No. 2 \ P
Bfr colors blue, lavender, gray and pink; Hermsdorf dye. \¥X -«W} any made-to-order corset; our 1 <><> vard J^~^i 1 '
W must be seen, to be appreciated... „„ A FIFTY-CENT JLciT/'Jjr price. 81?. 5O Width No. 5............. f )j |?
Wi "'iia^Or^i^i'i^SiJ^ sS^ffiSSffr: 4mffi\ WHAT NO OTHER STORE WILL DO. Width No;^*.^ B J B
fS m* en i/'imtii tinwi a nH TiiwHav'a v&P-'- " e Uucrantee J/tiS Corset for ••"•¦ ••-•iifc yara m r 2
g SI.5T J?MONA NOW 7cc. SenS'SSffi! 90 Days. po^tufn n same pro " I — I
g§ LADIES' KIMONA, made of dot- DID YOU NJa If the steels break -within this tlm* g00 pieces of ALL- 1 r
m ted flannelette, trimmed with solid E\ER? No, you M we give you a new corset. It will SILK TAFFETA RIB- L, / a
ES colors, in blue and white, polka dot never caw a lace Es make stout people thin. BON Comes in all the Eb- ~~% ft
tt and red and white dot. You. get hose for...ia%c W_^ rfwarfi RFWARFI newest fail shades. Wt\ \. #¦
b« your money's worth at this price.... I.adl.s t a c e fiT"^ BEWAHE .' BEWARE! Will be put on sale for W 1^ &
7."><" f{l , W f' ,, ivUV^-^*~^ If >' ou v -' ant thp Rpnnine "HER just one-half the real t&ftrtji / S
P^ IU1T RFPFII/Fn 1 UFUf inr nr „?„„,' f P» ta n $$&»' &* MAJESTY 1 ' CORSET come to us; we value. It Is 4^ inches X3fl£»/
|1 JUSl HtLtirtU A NEW LOT OF . every dctail ; ....... .*\*\Jt . have them in all styles and shapes wide. The economist's §f
I BATTENBER6 TIDIES AND SQUARES.. " 0^ e " a c ~^ mer Alwaya a Cus 8 -' Tr> prlce 15c yard %
I F>V rouSf^n-ttV* iomer - ' OUR, BAR6AIN COUNTERS IF Yfill WKH Tn PR1PTIPF TRI1F i
W J JW round patterns, pvitbt aotiw 1RF NFVFR RARRFN flF IVTFRF1T " ' UU "'^" '" rnAll I Ibt IHUt fS
Wl •¦ ¦ c t.V 2* oil newest de- CHILDREN S EVERLASTINO Ant. ntwLn annncn (jr l.ltntol »»»»#««t»»«iu «-mic i.f-rse Boj
M U%  ¦«kM. some lin- J A | T BLACK HOSE, double heel. J0 TH£ THR , FTY , ** '. ECONOMY COME HERE. H
SB Vfc •- I ¦ °" J °""'^ »»•¦ double toes and knees. Swiss ribbed. ' " '"*" '""" •'• \Sk , " T > r>tr>o- tt.t A-K--v--c.-r-c-rT.rf.T-. a
m ;-, *'£ en cen t ers - oth " full length, full finish, made of very LADIES' JvITCHEN fjt^/jJi Trp/lpln i^«r, t^ ? U
m V>-< -,, Oft ors solid Batten- elastic and everhtsting Peruvian cot- APRONS, made of lU'&itrl WRAPPER, made of ngTired flannel- ~i
&l ; /v/ berg, all differ- ton. To make this department more best quality Scotch I#T-j-x, T / ,. tI « ht - rtu -J 1 - hack, loos.- front. 3
Ml Y — ¦¦' rJ&Z^f'A r *nt widths and popular, this week's price 112Kc checked gingham or / Vt*f^ . J>nj! elleson t houl ders n «h n^l* ffl
im^ ¦ . i*« , x^ * r < \ | f . ¦ white lawn extra l/^ m ' \ ~ ' icm, uiiru. an me nrw i . 1 1 1 ?nau* s, ra
. aB I F An. ¦ It / \.',' \ len Kt n s. - vnll WICU Tfl DDAPTIPC- TDIIC wide hemmed' and fin- (B iv^U ful1 len^ n - extra, width. A clear out S
tm V l//TJ I' Heres one as '» •"" »•»>" «U rHAUlbt I nUt Jshed with bib and M JV^ » of a manufacturer's stock enables ua a
M \y /\li\^^''''J 1>m cxam P le of FPflNIlMY PflMF HFRF shoulder straps, extra W ¦ IiSm J to make this offer ...........OSe S
OS V / V.^lA^ Rosenberg's way tuurcuiHI UUmt ncnt. wlde str inf;^. Our m \ [y&L fH
raj Vi-A^ X**ffj of selling Bat- , LADIES' GOWNS, trimmed with quick selling price.... *"»li r \J>>>> flMF ITrM FfiJlM flllR ROMR UFP'T A
KM L^r^ ' tenberg tucks and ruffle JJO<» T...;SJ)e • "• v - UJIL IILRI rnum UUn uUfflu ULr I* ,4
pg r 20x20 ........Sric Ask to see Indies' Drawers, tucked 1 , . tn ., , , And It's a Good One. Too. 13
[3 . or flounce trimmed I7c» Ask to ses our 12/ic Lawn Aprons. -««.,, SI
KB PUT PRIPF Q|f p IH MIR Ufl'F^' ' 30 ° P alrs sf(Je
Km uUITrilUL oALt hi u'Jn LAUiLO : .. , , ,'. /!9}*(l!£&^m iTw combs, made of
fjfl finished with hemstitching !£{)(• ' . - $&& A *»—^jStftA that will not fall 5
rg| LADIES' DRAWERS, made of Q 1 CZ 1\ Jl — . — ! - U C *- w. i~ Hli'/ffli^Wki* out of thft hair J
Eg pood strong: muslin, the kind that Is fl I O IVl fl t^ lC f^ I Our special
Ha not dressed, full width, all lengths, i ™ ji v^ l IV \S V **J X- 1 w \s v f l "" 1 « •»„ nalr ?
H flounce SmmSrVlth^torchon lace Mall Orders Solicited. RUNNING THROUGH TO II O'FARRBLL. Ask to see our assortment of Shet |
gjl and insertion — a winner for '4JJt; F*HELr/%N- BUIL.DINC. Hairpins at 10c dozen. fc
rj W • \^^^. Cures al! discoloration* of the skin, the most obstinate of which are freckles
y m O —ff «m Jff r -^ w' ,and moth or Ijver patches. Ordinary tan and tan of long standing, caused
.^_ B &~Sk & S eb tfft/P^f^l I^Bflk y exposure to sun and wind, are easily removed. It renews the clear, trans-
4[ M M C^t f J \J/ (Tj&JlJfM 7 Read what women say about Anita Cream.
" -J-: /><"• , Thousands of similar testimonials are on file in our
office. They prove that Anita Cream does what is claimed for it, and when it has been once tried, its use is
While I was at I cs Angeles in. July von pave
me a box of Anita Cream 10 try. I find It very
rood- Will you kindly Inform me of the price.
My friend noticed the change in my complexion
and I told her It wa* $onnthlnif I got Iti Los
Aneeles. Let me know at vour earliest.
E MISS T. ROSENBERG, ail. Hth St..
Oakland, Cat.. Sept. 27. 1898.
After uslrifc your Anita Cream when I was In
California last" year, have found nothing: equal to
It. When I left I thought 1 had a good supply.
but find It hai been lo»t somewhere. Have been
all over the United States and found nothing like
It. Will you please send me two boxes of Anita
Cream and two boxes of Hyacinth. Cream and
oblige.' MISS CARRIE NELSON.
Frederlcksburg. Va. Oct. 16. '90.
i Please find enclosed ")0 cents In stamps. Send
me a tox of your Anita Cream. We have about
exhausted the supply we troiisht with us from
Los Anfceies and find we cannot do without If.
I Sincerely. yours, MISS EULA GILBERT.
South McAllister. Indian Territory. March
.29.1892. ':¦;;. '
- I write to you unsolicited about Anita Cream.
When I first used Anita Cream my face was not
unlike most women's— rough, red and unprepos-
seslng. My, husband recently remarked that I
was gettlngyounger and that my face had under-
gone some marvelous change)', I did not jell him
of the wonderful, magical effect wrought by my
three jars of Anita Cream", preferring to tell you.
MR*. W. F. RYAN. 184 Franklin St.
Green Point. Long Island. July 13. 1899. .
After spending six weeks at the teaeh I was
advised to ute your Anita Cream to remove the
tan. I came Hast the same day and so did not
use it until I reached home. All my friends who
saw me the first week here said. "How black you
are" In ten days the same people remarked .how
white and lovely was my complexion. I feel that
I cannot do without It. . I send you amount for
two more boxes. I have not had a pimple on my
face since using It. and before i was troubled all
the Hire Yours truly. MISS FANNIE
COLLINS. Edgarton. Kan.. Jan. 1. 19OX
I am delighted with your Anita Cream. Pleas«
send two more boxes and oblige, vours respect-
fully. LOUISE E. WINTERBURN.1617 Gougb
St.. San Francisco. Dec. S. lS'JO. '
Win yon kindly stni me by expre™ onvhatf
do*en boxes of Anita Cream. Enclosed you will
find money order for same. It was recommended
to me by a lady from California aaj have been
using it over a year and find It the best cream I
have ever used for the complexion. Will bs
pleased to have you send the cream at onct. ai I
am entirety out of It. MRS. W. L. SMITH.
East Las Vegas. New Mexico. July 20.1399.
"I never have found anything «ts« that waul J
take off freckles so thoroughly.
"I have tried everything I know of to rsmovs
freeVles. but nothing did It until I used Aalta
Cream."
vi; rprr r. lupi p jf you cannot obtain, Anita Cream of your druggist, send 50c to us for a full size jar. Further, particulars and Instructions together with a
W, rixCt OAI IlLL. liberal sample will be mailed to any address for a 2c stamp. ANITA CREAM & TOILET CO., 207 Franklin St., Los Angeles, Cal.clThe following vessels have been chartered to
load .wheat ; for. Europe, prior" to arrival: .-; The
Comma, 41s 8d; the Gtaucus, 42s M: the Umo
rlciere,.36s 3d ; the Marguerite Molinon. 42s 6d :
the Austrian steamer .Olga, wheat at Portland
for Europe. 50s. option. of loading at San Fran
cisco, - 4Gs: 3d; the Challenger loads eo«U at Ta
coma : for Kahulul ; ¦•; the , Gerard CV; Tobey. coal
on Puget Sound ; for Honolulu; the MaKf?ie C.
Russ, lumber at: Seattle to Salinas Crui; the
Oi J. : Olson,- lumber : at Grays • Harbor for Syd
ney." 51s 3d— Melbourne or Adelaide. 58s 9d: Port
PIrle,- 57s 6d— the R. P. Rlthet, merchandise for
Honolulu.' •• ¦ . .,-.-..
Charters.
Trust Sals in Shoes.
Ladles and gents don't fail to go to the
great shoe trust saJe this week at the Bee
Hive trust sale. 717 Market st., near 3d*
Locked up In a padded. cell, -refusing' to
eat or drink anything. Is the condition of
a man named George Josephs, who re
turned from Nome a short time since.
Jo'sephs went north In the hope of finding
the yellow metal lying on the ground as
does the snow. Finding his * disappoint
ment he lost his reason and now holds
every person to be his enemy, with a de
sire to poison him. Hence . he " will not
taste food handed him, as he believes It
contains poison. : He will be examined by
the . Commissioners of Insanity to-mor
row.' ' . . : .- . ' ¦ :¦ . •
Josephs'" Reason Dethroned.
A few minutes before the fatal shot was
fired William Spear and Millen Bozzno
saw Holland standing near the end of the
wharf. When they heard the report of
the revolver they ran to the spot and
found Holland lying on his back dead,
with the revolver in his hand and a bul
let wound in the head.
Holland "was- a -native, of England, 70
years old. He had been a stevedore, but
the Infirmities of age caused him to enter
the Almshousij.
James Holland, recently an inmate of
the Almshoiise, , committed suicide on
Fishermen's .wharf yesterday" morning at
half-past 9 o'clock by shooting himself In
mate, Sends a Bullst Into
" v iM> His Brain. :/
James Holland, an Almshouss In-
BECAUSE OF POVERTY
¦ HE KILLS HIMSELF
George S. Sieberst, wage earner, resi
dence San Francisco, filed a petition in in
solvency yesterday in the United States
District Court. He owes $$63 20, and he
has no assets.
Bankrupt Wage-Earner.
An unusual event in the annals of the
Alcazar is announced by the management
in the retention of the present play. "Lost
Paradise." until Tuesday night, owing to
a heaw demand for seats. »
"Lost Paradise" in Demand.
Ladies! Prices in Furs Are Going Tip.
On account of the unusual popularity or
furs this season the prices have advanced.
Berwin & Gassner purchased a large
stock of skins before the rise and have
not raised in their prices. They have a
fine line of fur capes from $5 50 up: excel
lent electric seal jackets at $30 up: genu
ine seal skin Jackets, $125 up. Every lady
should see them at Berwin & Gassner's.
110 Kearny street. •
TO SAIL.
died October 27, leaving an estate valued
at $30,000, was nled for probate yesterday.
Following are the bequests made: To Al
wln H. and M. Laura M.- Ebblnghausen,
decedent's children. $1000 each: the real
due of the estate in equal shares to his
children. Elise "W. Spamer. Anna I*
Horstmann and Henning H.J., Edward
L. E., Wilhelra E., M. Laura M. and Al
win Henry Ebbinghausen.
By the terms of the will of Charles G.
Schneider, who died November 7, an
estate valued at $14,5000 is bequeathed to
Charles G. Schneider, a nephew; Anna
Reyer, a sister: Elizabeth Schneider, a
sister-in-law, and Cristoph. Johann, Lud
wig and Philip Schneider, brothers of the
deceased.
His Will Is Filed for Probate— Chas.
G. Schneider's Testament
Recorded.
The- will of Henry Ebblnghausen. who
EBBIUGHAUSEU LEAVES
ESTATE TO CHILDREN
Steamer, Movements.
TO ARRrV^.
The surf is filled with bathers — "the real
thing.", as Mr. Shafer, the designer of
this marvelous display, said when describ
ing it to the writer. There are beach
chairs and benches, with awnings to pro
tect from the sun; there are automobiles,
bicycles, open carriages, n«rseg1rls with
their horseless carriages, peanut sellers,
clambake- places; in fact, all of the myriad
forms of life that one sees at a great sea
side resort. : /
The "really and truly" Chutes, with Its
dozens of doll patrons, who are "Shoot
ing the /Chutes" in a very, realistic man
ner, will not be the least of the many at
tractions of this miniature Coney Island.
This Chutes has an electric searchlight,
which Is constantly moving around like
our own familiar light on Halght street.
The car ascending moves slowly and halt
ingly, while the boats toboggan down the
slide with the mad rush familiar to us all.
A macadamized sidewalk with electric
street lamps leads from the dancing pa
vilion to the Mystic Maze, which is filled
with, delighted visitors in the persons of
gavly dressed dolls. Then comes the
ticket office and stairway leading to the
immense Ferris wheel, a perfect reproduc
tion of the monster wheel at the Chicago
"World's Fair. It has 24 perfectly adjusted
cars, which move slowly around and are
filled with dolls, who are no doubt enjoy
ing the sights that they behold at their
great elevation.
Passing a charming seaside home, with
its broad lawns, stable, etc., the doll vis
itors to Coney Island reach the merry-go
round, a structure about 10 feet In diame
ter, with moving horses, swings, boats,
etc., peopled with dolls. Next comes the
Seaside Theater, which has a large, cool,
comfortable pavilion in which the audi
ence is grouped about little tables, watch
ing the moving performers and having re
freshments, -i •
On the beach at the left Is a large
dancing pavilion with forty couples of
dolls that actually waltz— not simply go-
Ing around in a circle, but reversing from
time to time as they make a complete rev
olution of the waxed floor.
In a space more than 125 feet long the
beach and principal amusement features
of Coney Island, the famous New York
summer resort, have been faithfully re
produced. •
Along the ocean front a naval parade
moves majestically. The war vessels,
which are about three feet In length, are
excellent models of some of our own great
sea lighters, notably the Oregon and
Charleston, and those of other naval pow
ers. Their movements are so natural and
the'scenic effects so perfect • that one
seems to be gazing out to sea and actu
ally witnessing the maneuvers of a squad
ron.
The finest mechanical holiday attraction
ever produced In America will be present
ed by; The Emporium and Golden Rule
Bazaar, beginning to-morrow. The chil
dren of this part of California anticipate
for months the Jolly time that they will
have When the Christmas exhibits of the
Emporium begin. If all of their wildest
dreams and more are not realized by the
spectacle for this holiday time the man
agement of the big- Market street, estab
lishment will not be to blame, for no ef
fort or expense has been spared to excel
anything of the kind ever seen in this city.
Beautiful Christmas Tableaux That
"Will Amuse Young and Old.
Open, To-Morrow.
WONDERFUL HOLIDAY SHOW.
. NOTE— In the above exposition of the ; tides
the t arly morning tides are given in the I left
hand column and the successive tides . of i the
day In the order of occurrence ad to time, of
day. ' tho third time column the third tide And
the. last or right hand column gives the, last
tide of the day, except when there are but
Hhree tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
Klven are In addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precede* .he height, and
then I the number given Is eubVacted from the
depth given by the charts. The plane of refer
ence is the mean of the lower low waters.:.
THE Oceanic Steamship Company's
Zealandia sailed for Honolulu yes
terday. There was not as big a
crowd down to see her away as
when the Shrlners sailed, but nevertheless
there was a fair gathering. Those who
went away in the cabin are:
J. E. Alexander. G. H. Baldwin. Miss A. F
Beard. E. B. B*ard, Mrs. Bokoufsky and child.
J. II. IJooth, Miss M. G. Borden, George
Brown*. C. Buffett, J. K. Burkett and wife. J
C. Cohen. C. E. Corbly, C. Corper. J. Corper.
Mi;;s M. Oorper. F. R. Dallett, It. Deeken, John
D*rriir and wife. Mrs. H. Dinkalage. Miss
Dinkalage. W. J., Dutton, Miss M. P. Dutton
Miss Mae Englehar.it, A. E. Ensign. If. Estlnc
hausen, C. A. Field and wife. W. W. inince Jr
Mm. E. P. Gill. Mrs. B. Gleason. M. G. Gosi
Mn. E. F. Gr«y>n. O. IlJUcff-ld. U Hubbard'-
Mason Mitchell. Mrs. G. F. Morehouse. Mrs. W
1i. Morrow. Mips E. M. Morrow, Mrs G I>
Mumford and child, Charles O'Connell, M. j'.
Kiorda.n. B. Hossl. It. Ryccroft. Mrs. J. M*
Sass, F. Kilva and wib>. X. J. Sullivan. L. J.
Warren, W. W. Wesckattl C. L. Wight and
wife, C. E. Williams. E. C. Wilspn, F. E. Van
Busklrk and A. Zuckermann.
Overdue Anglesey Arrives.
The British ship Anglesey, 165 days out
from Swansea, made port last night, ghe
carries a cargo of coal, and the under
writers were so afraid of her that . they
were paying 20 per cent reinsurance on
her when she was sighted. The captain
would not take a tow at first, and she lay
at anchor on the bar for nearly live hours.
Finally arrangements were made with one
of the tugs and the Anglesey came in.
. Water Front to Celebrate.
The Harbor Republican Club is to have
j a jubilation next Tuesday. It has secured
the steamer Caroline, and all the success
ful candidates are to be invited to an ex
cursion on the bay. There will be a band
! of music, speeches and refreshments. A
. committee composed of Henry Madison" of
MarMson. Bruce & Scliars. Harry Goodall
of Goodall & Bennett. Henry "Peterson
Charles Pratt, the Pilot Commissioner;
Captain Leale of the Caroline and Captain
Anderson of the Pacific Mall ComLany
will have charge of the affair. As the
Caroline Is only licensed to carry about
sevdnty passengers all the members of the
club will not be-present, but early in De
cember a regular old-time ratification' will
be held In a large hall, at which all hands
, will be present.
Mail Steamer Zealandia
Sails for the Ha
waiian Islands
on Time.
The Bnt!sh ship Hutton Hall arrived
from Antwerp yesterday. On September
22 she was In a heavy pale, when she lost
several sails and carried away her fore
topgallant mast.
Hutton Hall Arrives.
ARRIVED. .
. Saturday, November 10.
Stmr Eureka. J«s»en. 25. hours from ,Eurek"a.
Stmr National City, Dettmers, 40 hours from
San Pedro. '••¦' '¦' s
Stmr Mackinaw/- Ldttlefleld, • 85 hours from
Seattle.
Stmr Homer, Donaldson, 60 hours from San
Dlero, via San Pedro 41 hours.
Stmr Newburg, Peterson. 70 hours from Grays
Harbor..
Br Btmr Robert Adamson. Morgan. 4 days
from Nanalmo. . ¦ ' .
Br ship Anglesey, Lewis, 165 days • from
Swansea. . •• - ' •¦ •
Ship Berlin. Bennett, .-13 days from Tacoma,
via Clallam Bay S days. , • •
Schr Del Norte. Jacobson, 6 days from Rogrue
River. . , '
Schr Albion, Goodmansen, 10 days from Co
quille River.
Schr Esther Buhne, Salversen, 17 : days • from
Port Hadlock. j
Schr Jennie Thelln, Jansen, . 11 days from
Coos Bay.
Schr J M Weatherwaz; Eorenson, 16 days from
Port Hadlock. *• - .
Schr Maria E Smith, Nelson, 16 days from
Port L«udlow.
Schr Lettetla, Gronberg. 11 days from Coos
Bay.
Schr Sparrow, Dart. 7 days from Eureka.
Schr Free Trade, Joansen, 14 days from Co
qullle River.
Schr Reliance. Larsen. 7 days from Coqutlle
River.
Bchr LJllebonne. Hansen, 11 days from Grays
Harbor.
Schr Volant, Erlckson, 11 days from Grays
Harbor. . . .
Schr Robert R Hind, ,Hellingsen, 21 days
from Kahulul.
CLEARED.
Saturday, November 10.
Stmr Zealandla, Dowdell, Honolulu: J D
Spreckels & Bros Co. • •
Stmr Coos Bay. Nopander. Ban Pedro; Good
all. Perkins & Co.
Stmr Mlneola, David, Nanalmo: P I Co.
Bark 8 C Allen. Johnson. Honolulu; Wil
liams, Dlmond & Co. m '
Bark Andrew Welch, Drew. Honolulu; Welch
& Co. ¦ , . :
Bark Mauna Ala. Hamilton. Honolulu; J D
Epreckels & Bros Co. . _
BAILED. ....-.•
• Saturday, November. 10. *
Stmr Homer. Jessen. Eureka.
Stmr National City. Dettmers. — -.
Stmr Lakme, Bchare, .
Stmr Crescent City, Payne, Crescent City.
Stmr Zealandia, Dowdell, Honolulu.
Stmr San Pedro, Zaddart. Eureka.
Stmr Scotia, Walvis, .
Stmr Point Arena. Hansen. Mendodno.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson, . Fort Bragg.
Ship St Nicholas, Brown. 4 Port Townsend.
Bark Andrew Welch. Drew. Honolulu.
, Bark St James, Tapley, Chemalnus.
Schr Eva, BJornstrom. Grays Harbor.
TELEGRAPHIC.
j POINT LOBOS, Nov 10.' 10 p m— Weather
hazy: wind calm. -
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT HADLOCK— Sailed Nov 9— Bktn Port
land, for Tacoma.
TACOMA— Arrived Nov 10— Bktn Portland,
from Port Hadlock. -•
EUREKA— Arrived Nov 10— Stmr Pomona,
hence Nov 9.
WHATCOM- Arrived Nov 9— Bktn Northwest
and schr Maweema, from Port Townsend. •
NEAH BAY— Passed in Nov 10— Stmr Mat
teawan, hence Nov 7, for Tacoma. ¦ ¦ t ¦
Passed out Nov 10— Chil ship Republic, from
Chemalnus, for Australia. „„,,'„ M
Sailed Nov 10— Stmr John S Klmball. for San
Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived Nov 10— Schr C S Holmes,
from San Diego; U S Btmr Seward. from Nome.
Sailed Nov 9— Stmr Jeanie, for San Francisco;
etmr Dolphin, for Skaguay.
BENICIA— Launched Nov 10— Pilot boat Path
finder, for San Francisco bar pilots.
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed up Nov 10— Schr
Meteor, from San Pedro, for Tacoma.
Sailed Nov 10— Schr Challenger and bark
Tidal Wave, for San Pedro; schr Admiral, for
5 DIEGO— Arrived Nov 10— Ger stmr Isls,
from Hambiire. etc, for San Francisco
SOUTH BEND— Sailed Nov 10— Schr Webfoot.
for San Francisco. .'-^i, ,„ „ ,1
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Nov 10— Schr
Glendale, from San Pedro.
FORT ROSS— Sailed Nov 10— Schr Mary C, for
S^OWEN*S 8C LANDING— Sailed Nov 10-Stmr
Navarro. for San Francisco.
ASTORIA— Arrived Nov 10— Nor stmr Norman
Isles, from Comox; stmr Despatch, hence No
vember 7. ' ' . _
Sailed Nov 10— Stmr Del Norte. for San Fran
cisco' Nor stmr Skarpano. for San Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Nov 10— Stmr Se
'quola, hence Nov 9. .
; Sailed Nov 10-Schr Halcyon, for Mazatlan.
FOREIGN PORTS.
VICTORIA— Arrived Nov 10— Stmr Victoria,
from Yokohama. -¦ ¦ :¦ ¦
AUSTRALIAN PORT— Arrived prior to Nov
9— Br bark City of Adelaide, from Eureka,
QUEKNSBOKO— Arrived— Br ship Creedmore,
from Chemalnus. ¦ •• . -. . *
KINSALE— Passed Nov 9— Br ship Marechal
Suchct. hence June 30, for Queenstown.
SANTA .-ROSALIA— Sailed Oct 20— Br ship
Marion Llghtbody. for Oregon.
BEACHY HEAD— Passed Nov 9— Ger stmr
i Abydos, hence July 28, for Hamburg.
THE British ship Glaucus that came
so close to Bolinas last Wednesday
reached port in safety. She was 128
days oHt from London and when ths
news came in that she was anchored
In Bolinas Bay in seven fathoms of water
a fleet of tugs at once went to her as
sistance. Captain Bennett was not look-
Ing for any assistance as he thought h's
ship perfectly safe. Later he got unde^
sail and stood down until he picked up a
pilot. Then the wind fell light again and
In the end he had to accept the services
of the tug Sea Queen.
"We made a fair weather trip of It
light up to November o," said Captain
Bennett yesterday. "Then the fog came
down and we saw no land for days. Point
Reyes we passed, but that fact I only
knew from the sound of the foghorn. : Wo
passed the point at 6 a. m. on the sth lnst.
I then^set our course for the whistling
buoy and when 1 run my distance up 1
thought I heard the whistle. I steered for
it and at 2:3') p. m., when there" was no
sign of the buoy and no land in sight, I
anchored In seven and a half fathoms of
water. An hour later the fog lifted and
I at once saw I was In Bolinas Bay.
"My ship was perfectly safe, so I lay
there all night and the next day 1 got un
der way and stood to the south. I took
Captain Erskine, the pilot, aboard and
later when the tug Sea Queen came along
I accepted a tow and came into port, i
don't see what they wanted to make a
wild and woolly story out of the affair
for."
The Glaucus is In fine trim and her
cargo is sure to turn out in the best of
order. • " -
Shipping' Intelligence.
Ship Glancns, That Was
Reported Ashore
Near Bolinas,
Arrives.
FOG NEARLY BRINGS
DESTRUCTION TO VESSELS
Steamer San Joapn
Runs Down Schooner
Margaret in the
Night.
THERE was nearly a fatality on th?
river Friday night. The fog was
very heavy and the scow-schooner
Margaret anchored' four miles be
low Vallejo. Captain and crew
never thought of danger and feeling cer
tain that nobody would steal the cargo
of broken rock they went to sleep and
snored in unison.
The river steamer. San Joaquin No. 4;
with two barges in tow, came along early
in the morning. The captain was feeling
his way and owing to the fog was a little
off his course. He was not expecting a
scow schooner without lights to bar his
way, however,' and in consequence the
San Joaquin nearly ran clear over the
Margaret. When the latter came to, at
an angle of 45 degrees, all her cargo of
rock went overboard and the foremast
went also. Then she escaped from under
the bow of the steamer and righted her
self. The captain and deckhand got on
deck in a hurry, but all they could do
was to get another anchor out and curse
their -luck. •
When the San Joaquin reached pori
yesterday the captain reported the mat
ter and the owner of the schooner at once
secured one of Peterson's launches and
went in search of his vessel. The chances
are that she has been badly stove and
that it will cost considerable money to
repair her.
The captain of the San Joaquin says
that he did not know there was. a boat
within miles of him until he was a. ship's
length away, from the schooner. Then he
ordered the engines full speed astern, but
it was too late to avoid a collision.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Nov 10— Stmr Lucanla,
from Liverpool.
Sailed. Nov 10— Stmr Etruria,for Liverpool;
stmr Manltou, for London: Btmr Rotterdam, for
Rotterdam, via Boulogne; stmr Kaiser WH
helm II. for Naples: atmr Ethiopia, for Glas-
ANTWERP— Sailed Nov 10— Btmr Kensington,
for New York.
LIVERPOOLr-Sailed Nov 10— Stmr Umbria,
for New York.
¦Arrived Nov 10 — Stmr Campania, from New
York.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived prior to Nov 10-Stmr
America Maru, for Hongkong; stmr Tacoma,
from Tacoma,. for Hongkong.
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to Nov 10— Stmr
Coptic, from San Francisco, via Honolulu and
Yokohama. , • ¦ '
GENOA— Arrived Nov 10— Stmr Werra, from
New York, via Nades.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Nov 10-Btmr Syl
vanla,' from Boston, for Liverpool.
TAKU— Arrived Nov 10— Stmr Bosnia, from
San Francisco. . • ¦ - -
BRISBANE— Sailed Nov 10— Stmr Warrimoo,
from Sydney, NSW, for Vancouver.
GLASGOW— Arrived Nov 10-Stmr Tritonla,
from Montreal. •
CHERBOURG — Sailed Nov ' 10— Stmr New
York, from Southampton^ for New York.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 11, 1900.
SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 11.
NOTE— Tho high and low waters occur at the
city front (Mission-street wharf) about twenty
ftve minutes later than at Fort Point; the
height of tide Is the same at both places.
United States Coast .' ajid/' Geodetic Surrey—
Times and Heights of .High and Low
Waters at Fort Point. ;.- ntranca to San
Francisco Bay. Published .by .. official au
thority of the Superintendent. . ,
Sun, Moon and Tide.
30
!¦
Coos Bay.. Newport.....:.
Puebla Victoria.......
Eureka ....Humboldt
H. Maru... China* Japan
Newburg .. Grays Harbor
North Fork Humboldt.....
Pomona ... Humboldt
Columbia .. Portland
Queen ..... San Diego.....
\V. KrugerfGrays Harbor|
Corona .... Newport
Rainier .... Seattle.........
Mandalay . Coqullle R....
Walla "W-. Victoria.....;.
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena..
Santa Rosa San Diego.....
Newport .. New York. 1 *....
Geo. Elder. Portland.'..'.';:
Nov. 11, Sam
Nov. 12. 11 am
Nov. 12, 9 am
Nov. 13. 1 pm
Nov. 13, 5 pm
Nov. 13, 9 am
Nov. 14. 2 pm
Nov. 14. 11 am
Nov. 14, 11 am
Nov. 14, 7 pm
Nov. 16, 9 am
Nov. 16,
Nov. 16
Nov. 17, 11 am
Nov. 17.
Nov. 18, 11 am
Nov. 19, 12 m!
Nov. 19, 11 am
I Pier 11
Pier i
Pier 5
PMSS
PlerU
Pier J
Pier i
Pier 2'
Pier U
p'ier'ii
Pier S
Pier !
Pier l:
PMSS
Pier 2-
Columbia Portland... Nov. 11
Warfleld Oyster Harbor.. Nov.. 11
Willamette ..:. Seattle Nov. 11
Corona San Diego Nov. 11
Bonita Newport Nov. 11
Newburg Grays Harbor..... Nov. 11
Senator ....r... Seattle Nov. 12
[sis Hamburg.. Nov. 12
Pomona ..A,.... Eureka ,.' Nov. 12
W. . H. Kruter. Grays Harbor .: Nov. '12
Progreso Tacoma Nov. 12
Rainier Seattle....:.....-.....-.-.;... Nov. 13
Walla Walla... Victoria Nov. 13
Chae. Nelson... Seattle Nov. 13
J. 8." Klmball.. Seattle.... ...»....., Nov. 13
Luella San Pedro Nov. IS
Del Norta Portland and Coos Bay. Nov. 14
laqua Eureka • .... Nov. 14
Jeanle Seattle VV.V Nov. 14
Matteavan .... Tacoma..... ?....:;. Nov. 15
Santa Rosa .... San Diego.. Nov. 15
Robert Dollar.. Seattle.:. .: Nov. 15
Point Arena.... Point Arenji Nov. 15
Eureka Humboldt..: Nov. 15
Crescent City.. Crescent City Nov. 16
Mariposa Australia.... Nov. 16
G. V. r . Elder.... Portland..:..;:. Nov. 16
Coos Bay Newport... ..¦.•'... Nov. 17
Sun rises .' 6:45
Sun eets 5:02
Moon rises i 9:41 a. m.
D Time Time • I Time Time
£ Ft. Ft. I Ft. Ft
• H W L W |H W L W
IX ..; 8:38 4.8 8:06 8.8 8:00 6.2 8:09 0.0
13 ... 4:32 4.7 9:30 3.3 3:07 4.7 10:03 0.5
18... 5:25 4.9 11:00 3.2 4:22 4.2 10:55:1.0
14... 6:12 5.0 12:21 2.S 5:41 4.0 11:45 1.3
15.:. 6:52 5.1 1:25 2.3 6:5S 3.8
L, W H W L W •¦-: H \V
16... 0:36 1.7 7:31 6.2 2:12 1.8 8:04 3.8
17... 1:21 2.0 8:06 6.4 2:4S .1.3 9:05 3.9
!¦
Coos Bay.. Newport.....:.
Puebla Victoria.......
Eureka ....Humboldt
H. Maru... China* Japan
Newburg .. Grays Harbor
North Fork Humboldt.....
Pomona ... Humboldt
Columbia .. Portland
Queen ..... San Diego.....
\V. KrugerfGrays Harbor|
Corona .... Newport
Rainier .... Seattle.........
Mandalay . Coqullle R....
Walla "W-. Victoria.....;.
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena..
Santa Rosa San Diego.....
Newport .. New York. 1 *....
Geo. Elder. Portland.'..'.';:
Nov. 11, Sam
Nov. 12. 11 am
Nov. 12, 9 am
Nov. 13. 1 pm
Nov. 13, 5 pm
Nov. 13, 9 am
Nov. 14. 2 pm
Nov. 14. 11 am
Nov. 14, 11 am
Nov. 14, 7 pm
Nov. 16, 9 am
Nov. 16,
Nov. 16
Nov. 17, 11 am
Nov. 17.
Nov. 18, 11 am
Nov. 19, 12 m!
Nov. 19, 11 am
I Pier 11
Pier i
Pier 5
PMSS
PlerU
Pier J
Pier i
Pier 2'
Pier U
p'ier'ii
Pier S
Pier !
Pier l:
PMSS
Pier 2-
Columbia Portland... Nov. 11
Warfleld Oyster Harbor.. Nov.. 11
Willamette ..:. Seattle Nov. 11
Corona San Diego Nov. 11
Bonita Newport Nov. 11
Newburg Grays Harbor..... Nov. 11
Senator ....r... Seattle Nov. 12
[sis Hamburg.. Nov. 12
Pomona ..A,.... Eureka ,.' Nov. 12
W. . H. Kruter. Grays Harbor .: Nov. '12
Progreso Tacoma Nov. 12
Rainier Seattle....:.....-.....-.-.;... Nov. 13
Walla Walla... Victoria Nov. 13
Chae. Nelson... Seattle Nov. 13
J. 8." Klmball.. Seattle.... ...»....., Nov. 13
Luella San Pedro Nov. IS
Del Norta Portland and Coos Bay. Nov. 14
laqua Eureka • .... Nov. 14
Jeanle Seattle VV.V Nov. 14
Matteavan .... Tacoma..... ?....:;. Nov. 15
Santa Rosa .... San Diego.. Nov. 15
Robert Dollar.. Seattle.:. .: Nov. 15
Point Arena.... Point Arenji Nov. 15
Eureka Humboldt..: Nov. 15
Crescent City.. Crescent City Nov. 16
Mariposa Australia.... Nov. 16
G. V. r . Elder.... Portland..:..;:. Nov. 16
Coos Bay Newport... ..¦.•'... Nov. 17
Sun rises .' 6:45
Sun eets 5:02
Moon rises i 9:41 a. m.
D Time Time • I Time Time
£ Ft. Ft. I Ft. Ft
• H W L W |H W L W
IX ..; 8:38 4.8 8:06 8.8 8:00 6.2 8:09 0.0
13 ... 4:32 4.7 9:30 3.3 3:07 4.7 10:03 0.5
18... 5:25 4.9 11:00 3.2 4:22 4.2 10:55:1.0
14... 6:12 5.0 12:21 2.S 5:41 4.0 11:45 1.3
15.:. 6:52 5.1 1:25 2.3 6:5S 3.8
L, W H W L W •¦-: H \V
16... 0:36 1.7 7:31 6.2 2:12 1.8 8:04 3.8
17... 1:21 2.0 8:06 6.4 2:4S .1.3 9:05 3.9
AN ELEGANT SELECTION.
Oculists" prescriptions filled. Kaeton oa
premises. Quick - repairing. Phone. Mala 10. v
OPTICIANS^^pH^Wa,
642 Market 5t. i»strum£ni»
uWoer chuohicle 9UH0IH&. CaTALOCUC Ffl^t. .
Opera
Glasses,
Lorgnettes,
Upholstered
Furniture.
25 Per Cent
Discount*
Parlor Suits, Odd Chairs,
Morris Chairs, Roc keps, etc.
GHAS.M.PLUM&CO.
+ . !
SPECIAL SALE.
¦ y ' ' ' ~ ¦¦*¦,-.'. *."¦¦¦ -,.. - - ' ' . - - * ¦
Trapper's OH cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists, 60c flask. Richards & Co., 406 Clay.*
I THE
BLACK GOODS
i HOUSE
RELIABLE F^BHIOS
STYLISH GARMENTS.
I
I Stylish Tailor Suits at $15.00
I Stylish Tailor Suits at . . $20.00
HandsDme Dress Skirts at J7. 50
| Handsome Dress Skirts at ... $|Q, 00
** ¦ ____
* ' H '¦
p Mourning Costumes —
j $6.50; $7.50, $10.00
Mourning Suits —
1 $10.00, $12.50, $15.00
To ladles d siring reliable wear-
Ing garnjeijt* we offer exceptlorjal
! opportunities.
SUITS TO ORDER.
I R.T. KENNEDY COMPANY,
I I1G6 Market Street.
! : TELEPHONE SOUTH 473.
Write for new catalogue of watches. Jewelry
and silverware. Invaluable to out-of-town pur-
chasers. Hammersmith & Field. 38 Kearny st. •
World Famous^ Marian! Tonic
BODYiiND BRAIN
Ww&r^ Sinco 1 863, Endorsed by MedicrJ Profession.
P^immediate lasting efficacious agreeable
¦At. Druggists : >; Refuse: Substitutes. ¦
BEFORE DURING AFTER
• •
1 — —^j
818-820 Market St., San Francisco,
AH Orders of $5 or More Delivered free to Any Railroad Station.
Send for oup
New Xmas
Catalogue.
Mailed free to
any out-of -
town address.
We have the largest
studio for china decorating
on this coast and respect-
fully request an inspection
of the hand-painted (roods
shown therein before mak-
ing your holiday selection.
We also give lessons in
china painting.
Firing done for amateurs.
Here's a
A
¦ - ¦ ¦ - ¦ - - # 3^
HOUSEKEEPING
LINENS,
Jbaf 111 Jtarf JL A %#-X
During the Dast week we have unpacked
a large consignment of veru fine HOUSE-
HOLD LINENS, and we will offer all the
balance of this month some extraordinary
Yaliiesln LINEN DAMASK SETS, DAMASK
NAPKINS, FINE TOWELS, GLASS LINENS
and LINEN TOWELINGS, Doth Irish and
Germari manufacture.
special/
One Case HAND-EMBROIDERED LINEN SCARFS,
TcA CLOTHS, CENTER PIECES, CARVING CLOTHS,
DOYLIES, SHAMS and SPREADS,
fS? P WS*^^- W 1% W ' -
*3rJ SZL %— » I Aq ?^ r ;
Two Cases Yerg large IRISH HUCK TOWELS,
hemmed' anl hemstitched, ftill grass hleach..
••••••••• $3.50 Dozen
SPECIAL.
One Case PURE WHITE DOUBLE SATIN TABLE
DAMASK, large and medium designs, In great
¦wrietu..- • $1.25 Yard
(Napkins to match each pattern.)
EXTRA SPECIAL.
250 Dozen Extra Qualltn DINNER NAPKINS, all odd
• dozens, having neither damask nor cloths to match
-Qfcove. They wlll^e sold at Yern low prices.
111. 113. 115. 117 1 119. 121 POST STREET.
CASH OS LITTLE AT 1 TDK.
Our large variety of metal
beds include brass beds and
iron beds in white, blue ci^l
green enamels, in three^
quarters, single and doubte
sizes.
THE J. NOONAN
FURNITURE COMPANY. Inc.,
1 017-1023 MISSION STREET
Phone South 14. Above 6th, San Francisco.
ADVEBTISEMSNTS.
,*J^. him
Instant Relief and refreshing sleep for Skin-
tortured Babies and rest for Tired Mothers in a
warm bath with Cuticura Soap and a single anoint-
ing with Cuticura, the great skin cure and purest
of emollients. This is the purest, sweetest, most
speedy, permanent, and economical treatment for
torturing, disfiguring, itching, burning, bleeding,
scaly, crusted, and pimply skin and scalp humors,,
with loss of hair, of infants and children.
Millions of Mothers Use Guticura Soap
Exclusively for prceervinp, purlf ring, and beautifying the eWn, for cleansing the scalp of
cni£te, scales, and dandruff, and the stopping of falling hair, for softening, whitening, and
soothing red. roujrh, and sore bands, in the form of baths for annoying irritations, inflam-
mations, and chKiiicir", or too .free or offensive perspiration, in the form of washes for
ulccrative weaknesses, and for many 6anative antiseptic purposes which readily suggest
themselves to women, and especially mothers, and for all the purposes of the toilet, bath,
*and nursery. No amount of persuasion can indue* tho?e who have once used it to use any
ether, especially for preserving and purifying the ekin, scalp, and hair of infante and
c&ildrcn. Ccticttra Soap combines delicate emollient properties derived from Coti-
cdba, the great ekin care, with the purest of cleansing ingredients and the most l-efresh-
Inp: of flower odors. No other nedicaitd 6oap ever compounded Is to be compared with it
for preserring. parifyinjr, and beautifying tho ekin, 6calp, hair, and hands. No other
foreign or rfomenic toilet eoap, however expensive, is to be compared with It for all the
purposes of the toilet, bath, and nursery. Thus It combines in Ose Soap at Oxe Price,
Yiz., TwrxTT-rrrx Cents, the best 6Mn and complexion eoap, the best toilet and best
baby 6oap in the world.
Complete external and internal treatment for Every Humor S1.25.
Sold throughout the world. Pbick. Tei Bkt.SI.25; or. Soap, 25c; Ointxest, 60c; Resoi»-
text, 60c i'oTTEB Dbus asd Cheh. Cobf.. Solo Props., Boston, Mass., U. S. A. "How
to Cure Every Fntror," f r«\
WHAT CAUSES DEAFNESS.
The Principal Cause Is Curable but
Generally Overlooked.
Many things \ may cause deafness, and
very often it is difficult to trace a cause.
Some people inherit deafness. Acute! dis-
eases like scarlet fever sometimes cause
deafness. . But by far the most. common
cause of loss of hearing is catarrh of the
head and throat.
A prominent specialist on ear troubles
gives as his opinion that nine out of ten
cases cf deafness are traced to throat
trouble; this is probably overstated, but
It is certainly true that more than half of
all cases of poor hearing were caused by
catarrh. " ." • .
The catarrhal secretion in the nose and
throat finds its way into the eustachlan
tube and by clogging it up very soon af-
fects the hearing and the hardening of the
secretion makes the loss of hearing per-
manent, unless the catarrh which cause J
the trouble is cured. »
Those who are hard of hearing may
think this a little far fetched, but any one
at all observant must have noticed how
a hard cold in the head will affect the
hearing and that catarrh if long neglected
will certainly impair the sense of hearing
and ultimately cause deafness.
If the nose and throat are kept clear
and free from the unhealthy secretions
of catarrh, the hearing will at once r.reat-
ly improve and any one suffering from
deafness and catarrh can satisfy them-
selves on this point by using a 50-cent
box of Stuart's Catarrh Tablets, a new
catarrh cure, which in the past year ha3
won the approval of thousands of catarrh
sufferers, as well as physicians, because
It Is in convenient » form 7 to use, contains
r.o cocaine or opiate and is as safe/ and
pleasant for children as for their elders.
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets Is a : w£olesQjne
combination of Blood Root, Gualacol,' En-
caluptoj and similar antiseptics and they-
cure catarrh and catarrhal deafness by
action upon the. blood and mucous. mem-
brane of the nose, and throat.
As one physician aptly expresses It:
"You do not have to draw upon the
imagination to discover whether you are
getting benefit-', from - Stuart's Catarrh
Tablets; improvement and relief are ap-
parent from the' first tablet taken."
All druggists sell and recommend them.
They cost but 60 cents for. full sized pack-
age and any '. catarrh sufferer who -has
wasted ;time and money on sprays, salves
and powders will appreciate to the full
the merit of Stuart's Catarrh Tablets.
DR.MQNULTY.
T?nlTO L " KN 2 WN AJ ™ RELIABLE OLD
i , w Rf5 « ' SEES (U 00 * 1 p »'son, aonorrUO3a,Oieet,
fii^nT* t i" Ill '»' 1 Weakness. Impotence and their
allied^Disorders. Hoot on Diseases of Men, frea.
O .I^f-?« I Xr. x ?*.^ e " <;e - T<Irmnr «M n na»> | e. Hoars.
Ktaffi;!^ 108 - "Ji*** Hun *>7". »> t» M Consul-
UUonfreeaodsacredly confidential. Call or *ddxe»
„_ :*ir R O*COB MeXBI/nr. M. D.
««H Kearny St» »aa i'rancisco, C£L
They choose
the Sieinway
fitemtvay & Sons are piano
manufacturers by apjxjintment '
to the Emperors of Austria.
2 Russia, Germany. Japan ant! .
China; to the Queen of England,
to the Kincs of Spain, Italy.
Roumaxiia, and Saxony; to th>»
Su!tan of Turkey and to the
-« Shah of Persia, as well as many
i»orf=onagr:s of the royal families
? of Europe .uiJ Asia. This is the
.greatest distinction ever con-
'j lorred upon an American plan"
manufacturer by the crowned ¦
heads of Europe.
I The Stelnway Is used exclu-
j Pively by eU'.h masters of thj
pianoforte as Paderewskl. Dam-
, rosch, Carrcno, Manchinelll,
Rosen thai, c.U:.
'. Visit the Stelnway salerooms
! «£ Sherman. Clay & Co.. whj
:i are the Pacific Coast represen-
I tatlves. Steinway Pianos are
5 koM on caey payments when
desired.
\ Sherman, Clay & Co.
x Stcinway Piano Dtalers,
j Cor. K*»amy and Suttcr ets., S. V.
1 Cor. 12th and Broadway. Oakland.
Cor. Park & Washington, Fort land.
¦>, 7X1 Second avenue, Seattle.
B0DY AND B[ * AIl>
WnP^^ SicC3 S8S 3» Endorsed by MedicrJ Profession.
>frimmediate lastinq efficacious aqreeabl
Diaries.
Our iqoi Excelsior
Diaries now ready. We
have them from 25c to
$2.50. No' more appro-
priate present ever made;'
come in cloth. Russia seal
and board bindings; I to 7
day pages.
Calendars.
All the new novelties in
1901 calendars from
10c to $3.50
Our line of smoker sets,
inkstands, plain and fancy
box paper the most com-
plete in the city.
For Football
Season,
Rubber Footballs
.50c and 75c each
Rugby shape leather.
31.OO, 31.25. 31.5O
32.5O to 34.O0.
Heavily padded and
quilted Regulation Pants,
Jackets, Nose Guards. Shin
Guards, Headgear. Shoes,
Jerseys, Etc.
Baseball and Sporting
Goods.A UNIQUE ENTERTAINMENT WILL BE. GIVEN NEXT SATURDAY,
WHEN PUBLIC SCHOOL CHILDREN WILL PERFORM AT METRO
POLITAN HALL FOR THE BENEFIT OF RETIRED TEACHERS.
SENSATION
ON STAGE
OF TIVOLI
»
Brutal Insult to
Women Resent
ed by Russo.
"I have traveled all over the United
States and I had to come to this city and
read the Examiner to learn that an Amer
ican can insult a woman. In that news
paper you have two qualities which offend
ine— blackguardism and untruth."
These -words created a sensation yester
day afternoon. They were .spoken" from
the stage of the Tlvoll Opera-house by
Domenlco Russo, the clever singer who
has charmed thousands of San Francis
cans for many weeks. The speaker spoke
seriously, excitedly and sincerely, and his
words meant that the little yellow rascal
of local journalism has been at his tricks
again.
Russo's address, delivered by him hi de
fiance of the management of the theater
when the curtain had fallen after the first
act of the matinee performance of "Car
men." provoked a storm of applause which
has seldom been heard in the house. The
little tenor had struck a chord of. sym
pathy by his protest and he had good
reason to speak. Tho Examiner had out
saffroned itself the day before by pub
lishing a brutal attack upon two of the
women members of the company now
sipping at the Tivoll. In a scandalous
article, marked as emphatically by its in
decency as by its falsehood, the names of
Signorlna Lia Polletinl and Signorlna
Stefanla Collamarini were "associated by
the Examiner with that of Russo.
The little tenor doesn't speak good Eng
lish. Many a shrug and gesture, not a
little pantomime and a sprinkling of Ital
ian must be translated Into a meaning of
indignation and protest in English, but
when he appeared yesterday afternoon on
the stage of the Tivoll in the costume of
Don Jose and the personality of Rus3O
few misunderstood him. He brushed his
way before the curtain "and to the aston
ished audience began his protest.
"I do not understand your language
very well, ladies and gentlemen." he said,
"but I want to speak a few words in be
half of two women of this company. You
have a newspaper in this city, the Exam
mer "_and the speaker was fumbling for
a slip of paper— "which is a dishonor to
you. It~has published a He about two
women. They can find no redress, but In
their behalf I want to sav"— and Russo
stopped for a moment: He had found
what he sought, and continued:
"I want to say," he continued, "that the
man who wrote the outrageous slander
in the Examiner and the man who per
mitted It to be published are insolent, im
postors, false, slanderers, imbeciles,
mean, infamous, vile ar.d cowards."
The little tenor was bristling with rage,
THE Maurice Grau grand opera
company begins its 7 short engage
at the Grand. Opera-house to
morrow night. In one respeel
the .operatic situation has un
dergone an Important change since Mr.
Grau has come to the front .as an Im
presario. Fifteen years ago singers and
audiences were divided into two distinct
and hostile camps— the Italian and the
German. To give German opera meant
the exclusion of the Italian; to-day Mr.
Grau is able to give Italian. French and
German \ opera with one and the same
company.
The opening performance to-morrow
' -• " ¦ J'
Lovers of Classic Music Are Preparing to Enjoy a Week
of the Best the Whole World Affords.
MELBA AND SALEZA WILL OPEN GRAND
OPERA SEASON IN "ROMEO ET JULIETTE"
I Pages 3[tol
Pages 31 to 40
night will be "Romeo et Juliette." with
Melba and Albert Saleza in the title roles.
Great interest is aroused by the first ap
pearance here of Saleza. who is accounted
the foremost tenor of the day in romantic
roles. Romeo is considered one of.Sal
eza's best parts. Other prominent artists
who will take part in the opening night
are the two great bassos, Edouard de
Reszke and Pol Plancon, and MM. Bars,
Sizes. GUUbert. Dufrlche and Maslero.
Signor Mancinelll. the well-known con
ductor and composer, will . lead the
orchestra. . _ .
"Tannhauser" will be sung on Tuesday
evening for the debut here of Ernest Van
Dyck, the great Wagnerian tenor. He
has for many years been one. of the fea
tures of the festivals held at Bayreuth.
The Elizabeth on Tuesday evening
will be sung by Mme. Gadskt. the prima
donna, who is well remembered for
the glorious work she had done here in
the past. It will be a pleasure also to
welcome again David BIspham, who will
sing the part of Wolfram. The orchestra
will be conducted by Walter Damrosch.
The performance of "Alda" on Thurs
day evening will be made attractive by
the reappearance here -of Madame Nor
dica in the title role and M. de la Tour
as Radames. De la Tour comes from the
leading theater of Brussels and Is a
tenor of ereat repute. The cast will also
include Mme.- Louis Homer, an American
contralto; Signor Scotti, a great Italian
barytone, and MM. Plancon, Maslero and
Journet.
The cast of "Faust" on Thursday even
ing will Include Mme. Melba as Marguer
ite and Albert Saleza In the title part.
The Mephlstopheles will be Pol Plancon.
while the role of Valentine will be sung
by Signor Campanari. a barytone, whose
great performances in the past have not
been forgotten. The orchestra on this
occasion will be conducted by M. j Flou.
"The Flying Dutchman" will be given
Friday evening. Mme. Gadskl will be
heard in one of her best roles, that or
Senta, and David BIspham will be the
Vanderdecken. Saturday afternoon will
be devoted to "Lucia dl Lammermoor,"
with Mme. Melba as the unfortunate
heroine. Signor .Cremonlni will make his
first appearance here in this performance
as Edgardo.
"Lohengrin" on Saturday evening will
have an admirable cast. M. Van Dyck
will sine the title role and Elsa will be
Mrae. Nordica. Edouard de Reszke will
impersonate the king and Herr Muhlmann
the herald. A great feature of this per
formance will be the first appearance in
this, city of Mme. Schumann-Helnk. the
famous German contralto, in the role of
Ortrud.
The same scenery, orchestra, ballet and
chorus used at the Metropolitan Opera
house In New York will be used here.
The demand for seats has been unpre
cedented and everything Indicates thai
from all points of view the short season
of grand opera will be a memorable one.
ERNEST VAN DYCK. WAGNERIAN TENOR. AND DAVID BISPHAM.
THE FAMOUS BARYTONE. WHO ARRIVED IN SAN FRANCISCO
YESTERDAY FOR THE GRAND OPERA SEASON.
TREAT FOB LOS A2IGELE2JOS.
Gran Company Renders "Lohengrin"
and "Romeo and Juliet."
LOS ANGELES. Nov. 11.— It was almost
midnight when the last bars of "Lohen
grin" were sung before the biggest audi
ence of the Grau Company's brief but
glorious engagement. Hazard's Pavilion,
with a seating capacity of 3300, was pack
ed to the doors, and enthusiastic plaudits
rewarded Damrcsch and the superb sing
ers and the splendid orchestra that he led.
"Lohengrin" wa3 the choice of the ma
jority of the Angelenoa. and th© receipt3
of the single performance were In the
neighborhood of $10,000.
Despite the fact that the mercury hov
ered around 90 degrees, the matinee at
which Gounod's ''Romeo and Juliet"
was given was well attended and a bril
liant performance resulted. Suzanne
Adams as Juliet not only saner splendid
ly but has remarkable magnetism, which
made her a prime favorite with her audi
ence from her first appearance. The
greatest feature of the production was
the magnificent singing 1 of Pol Plancon
as Friar Lawrence. His wonderful tones
enthralled every soul In the vast building.
The Romeo was Imbart de la Tour, a
heavy person, but a splendid singer.
Carrie Bridewell, an Alabama girl, who
for some time has been under Sembrich's
wing, donned the doublet and hose of
Stephano for the first time and mado the
most of her single opportunity in the
third act. Miss Bridewell has rare nat
ural gifts and temperament besides. Her
admirers believe that she will develop
into America's greatest contralto.
At the evening performance Nordica in
sisted that Daxnrosch should do the hon
ors with her, and she. literally dragged
him. still reluctant, from the wings to
acknowledge the peals of applause that
followed the first act of "Lohengrin."
Nordica was in splendid voice and knew
it. Like Melba, who declared to-day that
she hud never sun? better In her life than
last night, she attributes it to the fact
that she has enjoyed a long rest.
Dippel's Lohengrin is a masterpiece
In every way he is suited to the role and
was eciual to its tremendous demands.
Contract for I>oubl« Tracking.
The Southern Pacific. Company has
awarded a contract to Charles Wehner of
this city for double tracking Its line be
tween San Bruno, which Is about -fifteen
miles south of this city, and Milbrae. The
work Is already-well under, way and must
be completed within ninety days. - -• >
A High Old Time.
That is what last r week . everybody had
at the assignee sale of clothing, ladles'
and gents* shoes at 775 Market street. P.
C. Kelly, the assignee, put on sale $13,000
worth of clothing in connection with the
shoes. How everybody picked at the 510
overcoats which are selling at $4 65; ajl
wool cheviot suits. $7 50. at $3 50; ladles'
U real kid shoes at $1 90: men's W calf
shoes at Jl 35. These prices will hold un
til the whole stock is sold at the Boston
Shoe Company assignee sale. 775 Market
Btreet, near Fourth. •
CUNANE MAY BE SAILING
UNDER FALSE COLORS
Postal Clerk Charged With. Bobbing
Mall Said to Have Taken
Brother's Name.
Postal Clerk Peter J. Cunane of Station
D, who was arrested by Inspector Brlcker
at half-past 1 o'clock yesterday morning,
as told in The Call, was turned over to
the custody of United States Marshal
Shine yesterday forenoon. Cunane made
a desperate fight when Inspector Bricker
caught him in the act of stealing a S3
cold piece from a letter. In the struggle
some of the furniture and much of the
wlndcw glass in the room were broken.
Small sums of money had been missing
from time to time during several weeks
past and by methods known to the post
office inspectors the leakage was traced
to Cunane's department. A decoy letter
with a genuine five-dollar piece inclosed
was sent into Curve's department, and
Urirker who was concealed In tne room,
pounced upon the clerk after he had cut
op"n the letter. The clerk was subdued
only after other clerks had gone to the
assistance of the inspector.
The prisoner passed the civil service ex
amination and was appointed In March.
CONSTANT STUDY CAUSES
NERVOUS PROSTRATION
Soldier Works Hard for a Commis
sion and Gives Way Under
the Strain. . ¦ \
A great deal of sympathy is expressed
in army circles for Lieutenant Jackson,
who has been granted leave of absence
for thirty days in order that he might re
ceive treatment at a private sanitarium
for nervous prostration. In his case it is
thought a more rapid cure can be effected
by removal from an army hospital.
Lieutenant Jackson was formerly a sol
dier in the ranks and paw. much service in
the Philippines and Cuba. His , conduct
attracted the attention of. his superiors
and he was urged to study and apply for
a commission. He transferred to the hos
pital corps in order to have better facili
ties for study and after a year's service
In that branch went before the board. He
passed a most successful examination and
received an appointment as second lieu
tenant. The strain of - constant study
however, has wrecked his nervous sys
tem. Two -weeks after he donned his sol-"
dler straps he sent in his resignation, but
no heed was paid to *t. His condition 1 is
not serious, but -he "will require careful
treatment. -
1833. under the name of Peter J. Cunane.
It is believed that Peter J. is his brother's
name and that the prisoner Is Joseph
Francis Cunane. He failed to pass the
civil Bervlce examination the first time he
took it, and it Is said that he changed his
name to take the second.
Elizabeth O'Rielly. possibly the oldest
woman . In this city, passed peacefully
away at her home in this city yesterday.
Mrs. O'Rielly was born in Butterant Par
ish. County Cork. Ireland, and waa
aged 102 years. Up to a short
time before her death she retained all
her mental faculties and was a most in
teresting conversationist. One of her
greatest pleasures was to gather her
grandchildren around her and relate Inci
dents that occurred In the early part of
this century.
Mrs. O'Rielly was the mother of Mrs. C.
Connell, Mrs. M. Lane and the late Thom
as O'Rielly. and grandmother of Daniel
ar.d Polly Bourke. Joseph Connell and
Thomas. Tessle. Francis and Nellie.
O'Rielly. Mrs. W. Gannon and Mrs. E.
Goodfellow. No date has yet been §et for
the funeral.
MBS. ELIZABETH O^IELI»Y *
PASSES QUIETLY AWAY
Had Reached the Ripe Old Age of
One Hundred and Two
Years.
I told you that we would break open the
vaults In which the gold dust had been stored
and that I was going off to get ready for the
fight. At the time the vaults were broken open
McKenzie was a prisoner In custody of the
Deputy United States Marshals and he was
afterward brought to the bank to assist us In
identifying the gold bags. m
I Mr. Metson next narrated an exciting
conversation he had had with Mr. Mc-
Kenzie with reference to some gold dust
that was in the sluice boxes on the Dis
covery claim on the day on which his
clients took possession of the claim Mr
McKenzie notified Mr. Metson that * he
wished to clean up the gold dust, Mr
Metson replied that his clients were very
careful people and would clean ut> the
boxes without letting any of the gold tret
away. McKenzie charged Mr. Metson'a
clients with trying to steal the gold and
he asked the soldiers to protect him while
he cleaned up the boxes. Warm words
passed between Metson and McKenzie on
that occasion, and for a, time, said Mr
Metson. It looked as though there mieht
be a personal encounter between the two
peculiar actions of United States
District Attorney Woods were then nar
rated; by Mr. Metson. He testified that
when a demand was made for the keys of
the vault Mr. Woods declined to surrender
them. He -was then threatened by th»
Deputy United States Marshals that if
he did not give up the keys they would
break the boxes. Woods told Mr. Metson
on that occasion that he would think
about it and added. "Let them sro an with
I thought, Mr. Geary, that you were connu
biatlng to set a receiver appointed in another
case and that you would take that gold dust
away from me. I had seen Judge Noyes go up
into Mr. Geary's offite on that same day. and
United States District Attorney Joseph Woods
was there also. I thereupon went downtown
and hitched on a gatling gun.
In response toa question as to whether
he had not always carried "a gatllng
gun on his rerson In Nome the witness
said that he had not U P to th at time, as
he did not care to be clapped In Jail for
violating the law.
Mr. Metson continued:
Then Mr, Geary and I had another talk, and
he Intimated that McKenzie was not going to
yield He said that be had advised McKenzie
to give up the gold dust and that McKenile
had said that he would not do It without a
fight, and that if I persisted in taking the gold
dust four or five men might be killed and I
might be among those killed, and If I was not
I would be responsible for the deaths of the
men killed. I told Mr. Geary that I had laid
down with one writ behind me: that I had
yielded to the writs Issued by Judge Noyes and
I didn't think it was right to my people to
surrender the second writ of supersedeas when
the United States Marshal waa there to enforce
It. Then I Informed you that I was going to
proceed to open fire. You. Mr. Geary, said that
you didn't propose to go into any row yourself
and that you had not been employed as a gun
fighter.
back between 1 and 2 o'clock and I and Mr. Du
bose had a talk about the mistake he made
in constrains the writs, and he admitted that
the writs ought to be obeyed ; that he was will
ing to acknowledge his mistakes and waa sorry
for them. •
Ex-Consressraan Geary worked very
hard yesterday forenoon . before United
States Court Commissioner Heacock to
exclude some of the testimony of Lawyer
W. H. Metson in the Dubose contempt
"case. But all his efforts in that direction
were parried by E. S. Pillsbury. •
Mr. - Metson's testimony was dam
aging to Mr. Geary's client. Receiver Mc-
Kenzie, and Mr. Geary on cross-examina
tion exerted his skill to the utmost to
break the force of the statements made
by the witness, but Mr. Pillsbury. on the
redirect examination rendered all those
effort3 abortive. Then Mr. Geary, pro
ceeded to object to many' of the soul
searching, .bedrock questions put by Mr.
Pillsbury and demanded j that the -Com
missioner certify to the questions and ob
tain a ruling from" United States Circuit
Judge Morrow as to their admlsslbllity.
But Judge Morrow had gone out of town
and Commissioner Heacock ruled that he
would follow his usual procedure of &l
lowing the witness to answer all the
quesUonsV whether objected to or not
and leave to Judge Morrow the task of
striking out- or allowing the answers to
6 t^ow Attorney Dudley
smaller l^fUS? se^ed°upKJ a
cfients. Mr. Dubose had argued that the
supersedeas might stay the hands of the
receiver,' but that it could not direct,le
gally the return of the personal property
to the defendant. In that regard the
writ was void, according to Mr. Duboses
contention. On the same proposition,
continued Mr. Metson. Mr. Geary had
argued that, as long as the realty, was
surrendered to the defendant, the^ writ or
supersedeas had been complied and
that thi writ could not require the return
of the gold taken from the mines before
that document had been, issued. . ~L.
¦ With reference to the threats ; said to
have been made- _by McKenzie' s party
that blood would flow should the deputy
United 'States: -marshals seize the gold
dust in the . receiver's • possession, Mr.
Metson testified: ._¦
When I first *iaw" Mr. Geary on that : occasion
I told him that Mr. McKenzie ,waa under ar
io.t Judsra Dubose > was with Mr. McKenzle
LTthat time, and Mr." Geary.' the Deputy United
states Marshal' from San Francisco, and United
t}. fM ' District Attorney Woods ¦-¦ were In • the
rornn' Mr.' Geary i told > me that Mr. McKenzie
was very much , excited and that . he . believed
?hot the court was wrong and that he had no
idea that the - United States Circuit Court S of
ADDeals would sustain the action of Judge Mor-
In%i with reference to the first .writ of superae
deaa which reached Nome , about the 14th of
September. "Mr. Geary said further that he had
advised McKenzie to obey the .writs, ¦ but that
McKenzie, being very much excited, he (Geary)
asked me to ¦ allow I the matter of surrendering
the gold to stand ' for a while, and ' he would
see if he could arrange it so that the property
matter would be peacefully wound up. •
. I mmiA ."V«rw.w«lt'L and .went away. _I_wtnt
-^r" -jr "yONG HONG, a Chinese
\ /V / cobbler, was found mur
\ / \ / dered in his shop at 643\£
yf V Jackson street laFt
evening. He had beet
attacked while cooking his noonday meal
and his head almost severed from the
body with a butcher's cleaver. The In
strument of death was . found on the
breast of the dead man. where it had been
placed by the murdere*.
Shortly after the bloody crime was dis
covered Detective Ed Gibson and Police
Officers Herrin and Dougherty arrested
} ¦ • ....;•
VICTIM OF THE SHOCKING MURDER IN CHINATOWN AND THE TWO
PERSONS BELIEVED BY THE rOLICE TO HAVE COMMITTED THE
ATROCIOUS CRIME.
the audience was on the verge of cheer
ing. Russo' was reading from a slip of
paper which he held in his hand. He had
sought a dictionary for English words
with which to express his denunciation of
tho newspaper outrage, arid the audience
was on the verge of cheering because he
had not found a word forceful enough i to
express their thought of the yellow sheet
and it3" sensationalism.
Russo finished his address and as far
as the stage of the Tlvoll was concerned
the incident was closed. He was seen
afterward and was In a mood not alone to
talk, but to act.
"I have used every effort I know," he
said, "to resent this outrage. I do not
speak your language with fluency, but I
have seen enough of Americans to know
thnt they resent as I do an unwarranted,
brutal insult to women. For myself I do
not care— I am able to take care of my
self even against \ American newspaper
scoundrels. I have sent my card to the
Examiner office and know that I will re
ceive none in return. Men who Insult
women do not fight men."
i And Russo was the picture of contempt.
With many a gesticulation, with the elab
orate language of the hands, with expres
sions which must have been severe in
Italian, he said he was willing to fight the
Yellow Kid in all his variety with any
thing from baseball bats to fists. As the
tenor is an; expert swordsman, a dead
shot, an accomplished boxer and a' vet
eran athlete his threat and offer meant
something-. •?'_-¦ , ; •¦ .
"But what can I do? 'he added. "How
do Americans treat with such black
guards? How can I discuss' the names of
women in such an encounter? These wo
men I have met; they have been tny as
sociates on the f stage; -I have acted with
them and admire In them what I; hope
they see in me— the spirit of an artist
Can I use. their. names because a. rascal
has done so?" ;._
If Russo does not know how, to meet the
problem of the Yellow Kid's existence Sig
norina Lia' Polletlni does. She. is the lit
tle woman whose Binglng and acting have
won her well-deserved . praise. She 'says
that she has a reputation which the Ex
aminer is not privileged to take from her
and yesterday she consulted with a firm
of attorneys, determined .to bring 'a; suit
for libel against the Examiner. She has
much, upon which -to base her action and
some •: of -• her • friends c, better- acquainted
than she ,wlth • local- conditions have ad
vised her to ask that the hearing of her
syl t be held before Judge Dainserfleld. .
TENOR WHO RESENTS A
! CRUEL INSULT TO A WO
MAN. . •¦ ¦•• ¦
their burglary and break the boxes." Mr.
Metson continued:
I was credibly informed that Hubbard and
Dubcsjs had a scheme to have McKenzie ap
pointed receiver In another case so that he
might take away the gold dust from oar clients.
United States Attorney Woods was advising
McKer.zIe and 'assisting him.- and he was one
of JIcKenzie' s active partisans. I know that
Woods did everything: that he could to defeat
us. I heard that he tvouM try to get the Grand
Jury to Indict us. On one occasion in court
when I asked for an order directing McKenzte
to comply, with the first writ of supersedes* In
the Chippa case, and tarn over, the gold dust to
the. defendants. Mr. Woods 'sprang to his feet
and said that' he didn't propose to yield the
business of the United States: to us any more.
He -thereupon- objected to the presentation of
the motion and the court ruled with him. Mr.
Woods acted in the same wey ta the Judge's
chambers on another occasion. I understood
that he was going to have my clients and Judge
Johnson and Judge Jackson indicted. Judge
Noyes made an order in the Chlpps case to take
aflray from the defendants everything they
possessed at the time the receiver went Into
possession of Discovery claim. The order mad.)
a clean scoop of all their personal property.
Robert Chlpps of Chicago and recently
from Nome was put on the stand by Mr.
Pillsbury. He denied that he ever em
ployed Mr. Dubose to act as his counsel.
He understood that Dubose was the attor
ney for McKenzie. Mr. Dubose had in
formed him that it would not be necessary
to grive up the g*>ld dust." that the court
had no Jurisdiction in the matter and that
the papers were not right. Mr. Dubose
had Informed the witness that the clerk
of the court, in writing the order, had at
tached more to the order than the Judge
had told him to.
At this stage of the proceedings an ad
journment was taken until Monday morn-
Ing at 11 o'clock.
METSON TELLS HOW HE WAS FORCED
TO "HITCH ON A GATLING GUN" AT NOME
Lue Dock, who Is employed as a cook In
a saloon at 506 Market street, and "a Chi
nese woman who is known as Ah v Moey
and charged them with the murder.
The woman, who is e notorious slave
dealer, owed the murdered man over $700,
and as he threatened to make trouble for
her unless she refunded the amount the
police believe that she induced Dock
who is her lover, to put him out of the
way. After committing the horrible
crime the murderer broke open two trunk *
belonging to his victim and thoroughlv
searched them for valuables. He als'a
open a small wooden box, which v.-as sup
posed to have contained some money,
ar.d stole the contents. When the police
entered the place they found two empty
purses on the floor, which were subse
quently identified as being the property
of the murdered man. It is supposed thac
they had contained considerable money,
as Hcng was in the iiabit of carrying a
large amount on his person.
Shortly after 5 o'clock yesterday after
noon the Chinese woman, who is under
arrest, went to the office of Dr. Wong
Woo at 764 Clay street and excitedly in
formed him that she believed the Chinese
cobbler had met with foul play. She de
clared that she had visited his shop and
found that the place had been ransacked,
presumably by robbers.
The Chinese doctor, suspecting some
thing wrong, accompanied the woman to
the place, where they were met by Po
lice Ofiieera Dougherty and Herri n. On
entering the shop, which is in a basement,
the woman nervously lighted a candle and
ltd the way to the rear of the place. Ly
ing on the floor, his head resting against
an oid stove, was th<; murdered man.
With a scream the woman, presumably
horrlned by the ghastly wound In his
throat, started to leave the shop. She
was, stopped by Detective Gibson and
piaced under arrest. She denied that she
knew anything about the murder.- but
despite her protestations of innocence she
T/as escorted to the City Prison and
lecked up. Shortly after the body had
bc-en taken to the Morgue Sergeant
Brophy and squad arrested the woman's
lover in the Globe Hotel on Jackson
street, where he was in hiding, and took
him to police headquarters. Blood was
found on the sleeve of his coat as well
as on a. silk shirt which he wore. He
tried to explain away the damaging evi
dence by claiming that he had cut his
ringer some time ago and wiped the blood
on hla sleeve and shirt. He could not tell
which flnser had been cut, as it "was so
long ago."
The police are satisfied that Dock, as
sisted by the woman, committed the hor
rible deed. They believe that the unfor
tunate cobbler was preparing his noon
day meal when the murderer, after en
gaging him In conversation, attacked him
with the cleaver, inflicting the wounds
which caused his death Immediately after
ward. From the condition of the body
Coroner Cole is satisfied that the murder
was committed at least four hours before
the body was discovered.
BRUTAL MURDER IS COMMITTED WITH
A CHINESE COBBLER AS THE VICTIM
will be as elaborate as any seen on the
professional stape.
Among those who will take part are:
admission 25 cents. Reserved seats for
children are 25 cents and general admis
sion 15 cents.
ELABORATE preparations are
being made for an ambitious Ju
venile entertainment, which will
be given at Metropolitan Hall
on Saturday evening. November
37. under the direction of the Public School
Teachers* Annuity Association for the
benefit of retired teachers. The exhibition
¦will be given by talented pupils cf the
public schools who attend the Scottish
Hall dancing and physical culture school.
These children have already displayed
great ability on similar occasions, and an
Interesting performance of tongs, ta
bleaux, physical culture exercises and
la.in.-y OurrB w-121 be given. The costumes
Amy Treacy, Reyna Belasco, Vera Ed
mondson, Alolse Gebbardt, Leila Coggins
veva Anderson. Edna Martin. Vera Litz.
Ruth Magruire. Estella Jacobs. Ethel
Echwaner, Gladys Weller, Robbie Stack
and Ed Lltz. The entertainment will be
under the management of Miss M. J. Hen
derson of the James Lick Grammar School
and under the instructorshlp of W. J.
O'Brien.
The affair Is to be given In a most
worthy cause, and the prices of admission
warrant that the audience will be large.
Reserved seats are 50 cents and general
SCHOOL CHILDREN TO DANCE AND SING
IN AND OF THE RETIRED TEACHERS
Elaborate Preparations Being Made for a Unique Benefit
to fee Given Next Saturday at Metropolitan Hall
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 11, 1900.•Tim^—ii, ;U; »*. :4^>»; \. 1:14. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner, W. D. Ran
dall's b. h. by K«-Ilcwchann-lmp. PaJoma. Panarnint with his mouth wide open, came from
the backwoods. Mouace nearly waited until the door was Blammed In his face. With Alee
out. the Girl might have won. Pilot was close up. Afamada very lame. Decoy ducked
the Issue. Scratched— Limelight 104. GUssando 105, Asian 103.
331U. FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; spiling; three-year-olds and up; purse, $300.
S~ime--l-:5, :0fi»i; 5-16, :!1; 9-1S. :W4; 13-16, l:2>>Vi: m. l:40Vi; 1 l-16m, 1:47. Good start. Won
easily. SeconJ and third driving. Winner, S. C. Hildreth's ch. c. by EimFO-Falerna. Gon
falon snickered in. The Fritter handled his Impost like a stevedore find is a Rood horse
right, now. Morir.el Interfered with on far turn. Kosormonde severely kicked by Malay
on way to post. '
3315. FOURTH RACE— Cadmus Handicap; 1 1-16 miles; thre»-year-olds and up; purse, $j00
Tirae-4i. :24H: H. "•«*;; «i. 1:1*. . Good efu-t. Won first three driving. Winner, W. B. .Jen
nings & Co.'s b. c. by trap. Mldlotblan-Fanny Louise. Winner outgamed Bedeck when It
came to a pinch. Latter swerved into Canmore opposite paddock, due to grogginess and
rouph riding. Diderot will taKe some beating latpr on. Scallywag a supposed good thing.
Homage apparently not ur> to much. Scratched — Irate 103, Nellie 1 Forest 110.
X314. THIRD RACE-SJi furlongs; two-year-olds; Produce Kxchange stakes; value, $1000.
Urn* — U. :26; H. '^\: %. l:16'i; mile, 1:42%. Fair start. Won first three driving. WTlrner,
J. McGovern's ch. m. by Torso-Judith. Torsida clearly the class and displayed a trace of
eM form. She couM have won further, for Coixifn'' waited until the conductor gave two
t>*l!s before making a move. Kxp^Oler.t fearfully messed about. Whaleback acted at tha
post as if charpfd with carbonic acid gas. Scratched— L*tiger 88. Canejo 84.
1313. SECOND RACE— One mile; selling; throe-year-olds and up; purse. $350.
Time — «4. :I2^i; **. :2SVt; H. l:0OV4- Good start. .Won easily. Second and third drivings
Winner. jJ. Pehr^lbrr's br. g. by Servitor-Innocence. Jerry had been going great guns in
Ms tnorr.injt work. Miss Rowena nevrr able to talk to him. Walsh cannot ride Mocorlto.
RfdwnJd away poorly.
1312. FIRST RACK-Flve furlorgs; ail ages; purse, $3C0.
and the ball was taken over for the only
touchdown of the game. Rodolph's spec
tacular run of fifteen yards around Hud
son's end was the only feature nfu-r the
touchdown. 'It looked for a moment that
the speedy quarter would score for hi*
team, but he was tackled hard on tho
10-yard line.
Monroe's bucking wasTthe feature of tha
half. The Reliance team played football
and deserve the great praise they re
ceived on every hand. As for California,
their line is weak, but it will be ma
terially strengthened when Captain Priu
gle gets back into the, game. Overall in
terfered well 'and 'did- 'good work during
the short time he was in the game.''Gam
mon will be a valuable man at half. Smith
and-Wonib|e played their usually brilliant
game. Little Hudson kf>Dt his end up.
Clay was down the field on kicks and
often" tackled his men.
Following are the stripped weights of
the teams and the way trie players faced
each other: .-
Wt 'California. . Position. Reliance. Wt.
159 Hudson...... L. E. R.. Ahern 150
170 Albertsor. L. T. R Thomaa 165
180 Clay, O'Toole L. G. It Monroe 187
170 Cornish. Center Weirs 180
190 Stowe V.....R,, G. L.. ...... Atkinson 1S7
180 Castlehun.. R. T. L..A. Theuerkauf
. • ; and Donaldson 165
160 Womble......... ...R. K. L".......:.Snowdon 160
135 More Quarter ..Rodolph 160
167 Smith :R. H. L...G. Theuerkauf 163
160 Mini, Gammon... .L. H.' R. ...;.. .Dinsmore 145
185 Braley, Overall... Fullback Varney 167
1S5S \ Total 1819
1GS 8-U Average 'Weight 165 4-11
Score— California, 11; Reliance, 0.
Field goal by Johnny More.
Touchdown by More and Smith. Goal 'by
More. ;
Kicks: First half — Stowe, kickofl of 40 yards:
Rodolph, six of 35, 30, 40, 25, 40 and 45 yards
each; More, four of 30, 20, 40 yards each and one
35-yard drop kick for goal. Second half—Ro
dolph, two kick-offs of 25 and 30 yards each, one
35-yard punt and 15-yard drop kick for goal;
More, 13 yards.
Runs— Mini, 15 yards; Rodolph, 20 yards;
Gammon, two clever runs of 20 and 15 yards;
Castlehun,"13 yards.
Officials: Umpire— Lorin Hunt, ¦ U. C." '92.
Rnfrree — Bert Oliver, right guard on Reliance
'97-98. Timekeepers — "'Duggie" Eraklne, left
tackle Olympic 'S9, and Kverett J. Brown, U. C.
'9S. Linesmen— Lee Kerfoot, U. C. '02, and J.
"\V. Conlin. Santa Clara.
Twenty-minute halves. *
Time taken out — 1:10.
Attendance 70O. .Weather a trifle sultry.
Grounds in fine Bhape. ,
f I \ HAT the University of Califor-
I nla eleven must make remark-
I able improvement during tho
* twenty days which elapse before
they meet in annual contest
with the athletes who sport the cardinal
Jersey Is the opinion of every . follower
of football who saw the Berkeley students
do battle with the Reliance team on the
gridiron yesterday afternoon.
That California did not suffer a defeat
was not due to superior playing, but to
the crippled condition of the Reliance
team. Despite their condition the. club
men were able to bring the oval to within
two feet of their opponent's goal posts at
one stage of the game and at another to
force the ball to the college men's 10-yard
line. In the opinion of many this pcr- i
formance alone was a virtual victory for
the Reliance team. When It is taken into
consideration that Stanford a week before
rolled up a score of 44 points against the
Reliance eleven the showing made by the
University of California was \ decidedly
weak, and if there was any betting at this
early date Stanford would be favorite over
California at odds of 5 to 1.
California won the game by a score of
11 to Reliance's 0. The eleven points wer^j
made bv one man and his name is Johnny
More. The flrst five points were scored
by him in the ilrst half when, with a few
minutes to play, he stepped far back on
the 85-yard line and booted the oval over
the goal posts. The drop jvick was a gejii
in its way and surpassed even that mad«.«
by Joe Tobin many years ago. The ball
bounded from Johnny's foot and sped
toward the goal posts and went over the
bar as true as a dart. The yell which
arose from the Berkeley rooters would
have startled a deaf man and it lasted
fully five minutes.
In the second half the college eleven,
through heavy plunges by Overall, "Lo
comoter" Smith and Gammon, worked th*
leather to the center of the field. Gam
mon, who had just entered the game in
Mini's place, played like a. demon. He
shot through holes and made substantial
gains. He cut loose at that Juncture and
skirted the right end for twenty yards.
Smith then ploughed through for ten more
and the ball was within scorlnf distance.
The playing became fiercer on both tides
and men were laid out after every scrim
mage. Reliance stayed California's ad
vance for two downs and thii.gs looked
bad for Berkeley. Womble, w..o was giv
ing the signals, had to chanre three time3
before the right play suited Smith. The
i>ail was passed to "Loccmotor" and he
dodged through right end and tackle anJ
over the line for a touchdown, but
dropped the ball. Fortunately for the
halfback Johnny More was at his heels
and fell on the pigskin.
The flrst half of the game was uninter
esting. California was compelled to kick
repeatedly on third down and at one
stage More tried, a'drop kick from field,
but failed. The college eleven played; very
slow ball and showed a tendency to fum
ble at critical moments, and this was dis
appointing to its admirers. • •
Both teams took.- on a lease of !ife in
the second half. • The talking: they re
ceived from their, . respective coaches'
must have counted, for the players wen*,
into the. game with greater zest.
Rodolph kicked on to ..lore. Who was
downed in his tracks by Atkinson. Cali
fornia worked the- bait 'to ' the center of
the field and lopt it for holding in the
line. Reliance then played a bucking
game. Monroe, the giant guard with
"piano legs," was given the oval and he
battered his way through Stowe and Cas
tlehun for gains, bringing the ball to
within five yards of California's goal 1
posts. California fought desperately an<1
stopped the invaders for two downs. Ro
dolph displayed bad judgment at this
stage- of the game in .not»giving Monroe
the ball. Had he done so Reliance wouid
have scored a touchdown. As it was one
of the backs took the ball and butted hi?
head .against an iron wall. Clay was laid
out and O'Toolc took his place in th<3
line. More kicked to -the center of the
field and Reliance again resumed buck
ing tactics, using Monroe and Atkinson
for battering rams. The ball was worked
to the 10-yard line and again the Califor
nia team held. Braley gave way to Over
all and then the college boys . began to
play as they should have played earlier
Inthe game.- Reliance's line was torn up
and gains were made by Hudson, Smith.
Overall, Womble and Gammon. The ball
was brought to Reliance's 7-yard line
only to be lost on downs. ; Rodolph kicked
to the center of the field and Gammon
by a fast run brought it in back fifteen
yards. Dinsmore was rendered hors du
combat In tackling the runner and was
virtually out of 'the.' game. Varney, who
has his upper teeth loosenedVearlie'r in the
day, fought to take his place, but as his
condition was even worse he was kept off
the field. Dinsmore piucklly resumed th*i
conflict. California could not be stayed
A FEW GRIDIRON SIDE LIGHTS GLEAXED BT A CALL ARTIST DURING THE PIGSKIN KICKING CONTEST
BETWEEN UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA AND RELIANCE FOOTBALL TEAMS AT SIXTEENTH A*ND FOL
SOM STREET GROUNDS YESTERDAY.,
The California Club courts were crowd
ed -with players yesterday and many
matches were played. Owing to tho ab
sence of the committee no double tourna
ment was held. \
George Whitney defeated Merle Johnson,
6-2, 6-2. Robert "Whitney defeated H. W.
Crowell. 6-4. 6-3. Richard Erskine defeat
ed James McKenzie, 6-4. Charles Kuehn
defeated Delano, 6-4, 6-3. Robert Reid and
Mr. Wright played a tie match, 6-f, S-6.
5-7. 6-2. Everett Fuller defeated Bishop
Moreland. 6-3. 6-2.
Werner Stauf and R. Erskina defeated
John O'Brien and James McKenzie, 6-4,
6-3 6-3, 6-2. Harry Haight and Walter
McGavin played a tie. 8-6, 3-6. Ray Cor
nell defeated Mr. Small, 6-2. 7-5. Dr. Philip
defeated David Painter, 6-2. .6-2, 6-1. E.
Fuller defeated Wlllett Sperry, 6-3. 7-5.
Merle Johnson defeated J. A. Code. 6-2,
4-6, 9-7. Dr. F. J. Lane and Mr. Butler
beat Dr. Noble and Professor James
Dally, 7-5, 6-4. Dr. Lane beat Mr. Butler.
6-1, 6-2.
The finals of tho election day singles
will be played to-day at 11 a. m.
Postponed, but Will Be Played
This Horning.
Election Day Tournament Finals Are
SPIRITED MATCHES ON
THE GALIFOBNIA COXJSTS
SAN FRANCISCO WINS THE GAME EASILY
Hughes, r. t 3 0 0 0 10 0
Stutz, 2b 4 0 1 1 S I ?
Totals U "5 "5 2 27 10 1
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
San Francisco 00110002 0—4
' Base hits 0012010* 1-S
Sacramento 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0—0
Base hits 0 0 10 10 0 0 0— S
SUMMARY. :.-.
Runs responsible for — Doyl« 7. Tbree-baae
hit— Pabst. Two-base hits— Krug, Sulltvaa.
Hanlon. Sacrifice hits— Brockhoff. Reilly. First
base on errors — San Francisco 1, Sacramento 2.
First base on called balls— San Francisco t.
Sacramento 4. Left on bases — San Francisco i,
Sacramento 8. Struck out — By Iburg 2. by
Doyle 5. Hit by pitcher— Devereaux. Double
plays— Kagan to Stulz to Hanlon. Passed balls
—Stanley L Wild pitch— Iburg. Time o*
tarae-1 hour and 45 minutes. Umpire— Georgs
V£ji Haltren. Official scorer 1 — J. N. Btapletotu
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Brockhoff, c f 8 0 10 10 0
Hildebrand, r. f 4 12 16 0 0
Krugr, 8s 4 0 10 2 3 0
Pabst, lb 4 0 10 8 0 0
Schwartz. 2b 4 0 0 0 1 3 «
Sullivan, c 3 0 10 6 0 0
Levy, 1. f 3 10 0 2 0 0,
Reilly. 3b 3 110 14 1
Iburg, p 3 1 1-0 0 1 1
Totals ...........31 4 8 1 27 11 2
¦r'^y- SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Devereaux, 3b 3 0 0 0 1 1 u
Sheehan. c. f 4 0 0 0 4 1 0
Stanley, c 3 0 0 0 5 S 1
Eagan, ss 2 0 0 0 12 0
Doyle, p 4 0 0 0 12 0
McLaughlln, I. f...."4 0 0 0 20 0
Hanlon, lb 4 0 117 0 0
SAN FRANCISCO.
The first two innings were quick and
snappy, but not bat noisy. In the third
the ice cake was shattered when Levy,
who went to first on four bad ones, second
on Reilly'a sacrifice, crossed the rubber
when Brockhoff drove the ball along
first base line to right field. In the fourth
Hildebrand got into the running on bad,
fielding by Doyle, stole second and found !
the plate easy on a three-bagger by Pabst.
In the fifth , Sacramento was within
reach of a score. Hanlon, McLaughlln and
Devereaux were on the bags and but one
man dead. But the shot fired at Deve
reaux, and which put him out of
business for a few seconds, proved in no
way a mascot, and the Senators died as
they stood. In the . eighth Reilly and
Iburg scored. The score:
Iburg, cavorting on the slab for the
home team, pitched such knotty ball that
the Senators were unable to untie his de
livery. Two isolated hits were all that he
allowed the champions. Doyle was not so
good. In the fourth and eighth innings
small bunches were gathered In by the
locals, several of whom passed over the
rubber. "-;-—<•:.¦'., -V
The flrst of the last series of games be
tween Sacramento and San Francisco was
played yesterday afternoon at Recreation
grounds, resulting in a victory for the
Hanxmen, the Senators being unable to
score. .
San Francisco 4, Sacramento O.
The drawing for th» open plains cours
ing at Modesto was held last night at
Pythian Castle by th. Interstate Cours
ing A33ociatlon. The »atrles— eighty-four
in number — Indicate t»e Interest mani
fested in this event. >ever before In the
history of coursingr ha/© bo many dogs
been entered in a plains -neet. The cours
ing will begin on Novenber 13, and con
tinued during the two ersulng days.
The draw is as follows
Open plains meeting, eighty-four entries— f*.
M. Kellogfc'« Iowa Maid vs. P. C. BUck'i La
Rosa Souvenir; T. J. Mclnernty's Johnnla R vs.
H. A. Deckelman'a Ben Klrbr; J. Cane's Mlsa
Penman vs. P. J. RelUy'a The Grafter; R. K,
Malcolm's Aeneas vs. Pasha Kennels' Rollick
ingf Airs; J. E. Hurley's O K Capitol ys. B.
Bolesworth's (names) Password; J. Reid's
(names) Reckless Archer vs. J. Hlgrgins* Sarah
Curran; R. C. Scott's (names) Peter West vs.
L. F. Bartela' Beer Brewer; Curtis & Sons'
McKinh-y vs. L. F. Bartels" Best Barsraln; T.
J. Mclnerney's Ro»i« R vs. C. P. Whallon'*
Black Flyer; J. H. W, Mailer's Cruiser vs. P.
J. Reilly'B Plough Boy; B. A. Johnson's Moun
tain Beauty ra. J. I. O'Brien's Pasha Queen:
W. H. Hinchman's (names) Forget vs. Curtta
& Sons' Caah; B. M. Kellog^'s Sweet Emma vs.
F. A. McComb's (names) Flower of Gold: P.
O. Bllck's May Lawrence V3. J. Dennis (names)
Mike Fenton: Russell & Aliens Scotland Yet
vs. Pasha Ker.neU' Gold Nugget; 1» F. Bar
tela' Banner BrfBht vs. T. J. Cronin's Daisy
Dale; T. J. Cronin"s Vixen vs. Sterl & Knowles'
Amarosa; D. E. Wiley's High Born_Lady vs.
W. Creamer's Je«se Moore; Sterl & Knowles'
Rusty Gold vs. T. W. Bartela' Betsy Barrow;
F. C. Mack's Delia M va. T. J. Mclneraey'l
Tommy Rex: Sterl & Knowles' Sleety Mist vs.
C. D. Whallon s Alsandr^: George Sharman'a
Bowery Boy vs. P. Reilly's Lady Grinard; R.
E. de B. Lopez's Minnie Wa Wa V3. Dr. H.
W. Rike's (names) Recording Angel; J. R.
Dickson"s (names) Lady Marian vs. Pasha
Kennels' May Hempstead; Erwin & Lyons'
Silver Lyon V3. Hall & Newell's Clara Barton:
J. Mooney'9 Silent Treasure vs. J. Hi wins'
Robert Emmet; W. H. Hinchman'a (names)
St. Michael vs. S. Handy's Twin City Girl;
J. Cane's Victor Queen vs. Erwin & Lyons'
Silver Wings; Connell Bros.' White Hat vs.
R. E. de B. Lopez's Dairy Maid; J. H. Perigo'a
Lady Davenport vs. J. A. Klein's (names) Rova
d' Amour; J. H. W. Mulleins Terrona va, II.
H. Walker's (names) Cora Pearl; R. P. Julian'd
Janice vs. J. McNeil's Pearl Mac; Pasha Ken
nels' Random Aim vs. Russell & Allen's Wed
6lnz Bells; Lando & Gerber's Mount Ida vs.
J. J. Edmonds' Go On; R. P. Julian's Sweet
Music vs. J. H. Perigo's Controller. Lan.l ¦ &
Gerber's Rlenzi vs. Pasha Kennels' Royal
Anne; R. I* Taylor's (names) Beauty Spot vs.
T. Hood's (names) Rest Assured: W. Cream
er's Onward va. George Van Bergen's (names)
Sara; Connell Bros." St. Helen va. George Mal
colm's Achilles; O. ZohVa Miss \vii«oi vs. r.
J. Mclnerney's Regina R; C. G. Whallon's
Anna Held vs. X>. J. Wiley's Buckles; E. Cas
serly's Silence vs. P. Reilly's Master Mat. •
The prizes are as follows: First prize.
$225; second prize. $140; third prize. JSO;
next three at $40 each; next five at $25;
next ten at ?13 and $10 each to winners of
first course. Entrance, $420, with $633
added money, making a total of $1050.
Eighty-Four Fl^t Hounds Have
Been Entered and the Prizes
Are large.
MODESTO PLAINS MEET
&%-- BIGGIST OF ITS KIND
Cht!?* 11 **** p - Re«Hj*« Master Mat. «-0:
j, ' '"il Brothers' Santonin beat P. Jackson'a
bpVj ""Bright. S-3; Pasha Kennel3' Royal Anne
w^,:. Cane's Victor Queen, 8-5; A. Johnson's
L,,''i Heauty beat Captain Clarkson's Head-
HS \°-l: A. Johnson's Bald Eatrle beat
AH»n% '•nnels 1 Real Article. 7-3: Russell &
word R * !k to M * beat J - HoMen'a Watch
j rvJTit* Pasha Kennels' Fiery Face beat T.
Sara W* % » ndal . "-«: R. E. de B. Lopes'a
IreEnrfh^ 1 " 119 & Sor - S " Ech °. IMj E- Geary'*
pW'l Russell & Allen's Strayaway. 10-3:
¦p\ V i „, Si"" 9 Wanhip- beat Aeneid Kennels'
j y T?*.*p*er. 5-0: M. Dunleas Erin beat D.
r^?, •« • Slster^beat J. Keeaan'i Sleigh
Pe Pv's Mo.'" J - H^'y's VnxOm beat P. J.
ni; V*i * rl *ht. 7-5; J. Mortarity'3 Snap
ctlirJP i7v>° ' ****¦ Russell & Allen'a Bt>l!»
BadUr-i ilLT-S- Mac *'» !*»» M beat W. C.
s^» d . i* 11 * Xjms. 10-0: A. Johiuon'i Tod
\v r» Mi, J ;Emlth-s Master Workman. 8-4;
rw&V^ i£, ¦ Crawford Lass beat W.. EL
£2t J- vih« 3 "° : ° Jrtl8 & Sons> Cavalier
r 5L p V Cottnnball, »-3; J. Jackson's
Fa- r> 5 U u-^ « at F - Schou's Lady Olenkirk.
*r?~ ?« Hi J* Buckles beat J. M. Haltons
?lwV« : . i H - Pertgo's Bohe beat J. L.
k ,t rd«»ii» ™ Ru! " sei » * Allen'a Castaway
beat Captain aa^son's Golden Garter. 7-6; F.
Jones Wedjrewoa beat L. F. Bartela' Best
£"?^ Vi '•* V K d * B - Lopea's Warrigo
beat Erskine & Jo>-a' Lavender. 7-5; T. J. Cro
nhi s VUen beat Rjaseli & AUen"s First Foot.
A T the run-down of the bigr 128
1 /\. dog: open stake yesterday at
'/ \ Union Park there were many
X J^ good courses, and with the fast
ones which are still in tho run
ning some great sport is looked for in the
struggle for final honors in the closing
rounds to-day.
Palo Alto Is in good position and is in
favor for first place. Bohe Is figured as
a likely candidate and will make It inter
esting for some of the fast ones at the
bottom of the card.
Mose did good work and is in trim to
give fast Palo Alto a hard go when they
meet, especially if they are slipped to a
strong hare. Tyrone Prince and Belle
Rocket should put up a good course. Wild
Tralee will be a favorite over Iowa Boy,
though the Boy will make a hard strug
gle for the flag.
Mike Fenton, for the first time oat.
showed considerable speed against Miss
Skyrocket. It is not likely that he Will
get near the deciding course to-day, owing
to inexperience, though he will probably
do some good work in the future. Auck
land showed well and is figured a winner
in his first course; to-day. Red Angus
had a long go with Ben Kirby, allowing
the latter to. score but 1 point against
his 13. He has the speed and is due to
make a great showing in any stake,
though of course lack of experience may
tell against the youngster.
The short ends were: Lady Claire beat
Lovina, Belle Rocket beat Bonnie Pasha,
Wedgewood beat Best Bargain at 5 to 3;
Colonel Lopez beat Weribee. Rival's An
swer beat Gallant. Bald Eagle beat Real
Article, Vixen beat First Foot at 2 to 1;
"Warrigo beat Lavender At 5 to 2; Craw
ford Braes beat. Twin City Girl, Mountain
Beauty beat Headwater at 3 to 1; Wander
ing Tom beat Liberator at 7 to 2; Lundln
Links beat Mamie Pleasant, Iowa Boy
beat Kanaka at 4 to 1; Urania beat Moon
bright at 5 to 1: Mike Fenton beat MiS3
Skyrocket at S to 1.
The winners in the second round look
to be: Ben's Babe, Lady Claire, Faithful
I. ad. Master Claire, Spiteful. Belle Rocket.
Floodgate. Iowa Boy, Old Glory, Theron.
Mac's Melody, Chicago Boy, Minnie Wa
Wa, Auckland; Palo 'Alto, Wandering
Tom, Psyche, Bad Boy, Red Angus.
Oreenhall, Santonin, Mountain Beauty,
Fiery Face, Ireland, Warship, Little Sis
ter, Snapper Garrison, Crawford Lass,
Golden Russet, Bohe, Wedgewood and
Vixen.
The day's results, with Judge John
Grace's official scores, follow:
Union Park, open' stake, first round — E. M.
Kellogg's Ben's Babe beat Connell Bros.' Lord
Dunmore, 8-2: Curtis & Sons* Shadow beat W.
Nelbert's Ladylike, 17-8: Curtis & Sons' War
path beat H. Lynch' s Lexington, 7-5; Curtis &
Sons' War Eagle beat J. Cane's Mls3 Penman.
5-0; D. J. Hcaley's Lady Claire beat F. Jones"
Lovina, 3-2; Russell & Allen's Faithful Lad
beat Chiarinl Bros.' Palmyra. 15-13: J. Carroll's
Master Claire beat C. Sonar's Wild Norah. 7-6;
J. P. Thrift's Str Hughie beat A. J. Kemp's
Remember Me, 11-6; Kussell & Allen's Spite
ful beat Pasha Kennels' Risky Attempt, 2-1;
Sterl & Knowles' Ollta beat F. Schou's King's
"Borderer, 8-2; H. A. Peckelman's Belle Rocket
beat B. Geary's Bonnie Pasha, 8-4; J. P.
Thrift's Tyrone Prince beat C. J. Olmo's Cora
Pearl, 4-2; George Nethercott's Floodgate beat
J. I. O'Brien'c Statesman, 8-0: J. Moriarity'a
Kittlem'an beat Chiarinl Bros. Brass Button.
14-1; E. M. Kellogg*s Iowa Boy beat A. Bilker's
Kanaka, 12-3; T. J. Cronin'« Wild Tralee beat
H. Lynch's Lyddite, 4-2; T. Doyle's Nora Law
rence beat J. L. Ross'' Wautaugh, 6-5; Joe
Trade's Old Glory beat J. L. Ross' Doris, 4-2;
George Whitney's Theron beat F. Schou's
Smuggler, 10-3; B. Sllva's Reannex beat M.
Michiliki's Miss Manila. 22-7; P. SteinhoJTa
Veto beat W. Nelbert's Limber Twig, 7-4; T. .
W. Bartela' Mac's Melody beat H. Lynch's
Emma .M, .4-0; George McDougal's Colonel
Lopez beat R. E. de B. Lopez's Weribee, 8-5;
George Sharman's Chicago Boy beat Chiarlni
Bros.' Bunko Bill, 5-0; J. Keenan's Lundin
Links teat Connell Bros.' Mamie Pleasant. 8-5;
R. E. de B. Lopez's Minnie Wa Wa beat J.
McNeil'* Black Hawk. 6-2; F. H. Anderson's
Crawford Braes beat S. Handy' s Twin City
Girl.. 4-0;. J. Carroll's Auckland beat T. J. Cro
nin's Daisy Dale. 14-4; R. L. Taylor's Mose
beat J. Holden's Scottish Chief. 10-2; E. Geary's
Palo- Alto beat J. Dean's Slsquoc, 4-0; Pasha
Kennels' Rival's Answer beat J. Dean's Gal
lant. 8-5; J. I. O'Brien's Wandering Tom beat
P. Doyle' a Liberator. 2-0; J. Dennis' Mike Fen
ton beat George Sharman's Miss Skyrocket.
9-5; Curtis A: Sons' Psyche beat J. Murnane's
Wild Wave, 8-5; Maner & Reid's Bad
Boy beat J. N'. Woods' Cliff Wilson. 15-0:
J. P. Thrift's Brutus beat D. J. Healy*9
Tapioca, 4-3; George Van Bergen' s Red
Angus beat II. A. Deckelman's Kirby, 13-1;
Pasha Kennels' Reve d'tAmour beat H. Lynch'*
Gamecock, 9-5; Aeneld Kennels* Fine Fire beat
George Sharman's Black Flush, 3-2; J. Kane'a
FAST HOUNDS COMPETE FOR
STAKE HONORS IN THE BIG
OPEN EVENT AT UNION PARK
CALIFORNIA DEFEATS RELIANCE
BY ELEVEN TO NOTHING SCORE
KINGS OF THE GRIDIRON REIGN IN THE WORLD OF SPORT
FIRST TWO-YEAR-OLD STAKE
OF THE SEASON SEES BEDECK
LED OUT BY SPEEDY CANMORE
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACKTKACK, November 10— Weather fine. Track fast.
THE SAN FRANCISCO \ CALL, StHSTDA Y, NOVEMBER 11, 1900.
the finishing touches, with the exception
of Burnett, De Forest and Slaker.
The lineup was as follows: ,
Stanford. \ . Positions. Oregon.
McFadden....r.....L— E— R.... Bush
Traecer.... Lr-T— R... Thurston
De Forest and .
Enicrson L>— G — R Waddell
Lee and -
McFadden Center... Wasner
Seeley R— G— L. "Watts
Burnett (cart.) " ¦ ¦•
and Bentley...:..R— T— L... Jakvtay
Cooper and Luck. R — E — It.. Zelgler (capt )°
Raltt. Quarter.. ;,,. Sco't
Erb.... ............. L— H— R... Starr.
Smith and Allen.. R—H—L. Smith
Hill....... ...... Full ; Paine
Special Dispatch to The Call.
the ball'only three times on downs. Com
pared with their game with Reliance a
week ago, there \vas more fumbling and
the linemen were less aggressive. Stan
ford's ends showed much improvement.
McFadden'was strong and sure in tack
ling, while Cooper and Luck -are fast.
Lee's work at center was the best he has
shown this season. Seeley and Traeger
played an aggressive game In the line and
were good for yards when called back to
carry the ball. Stanford's interference,
especially under the guard's back forma
tion, was excellent. No. serious injuries
resulted and the men are all ready for
STANFORD FOOTBALL MEN SHUT OUT
THE UNIVERSITY OF OREGON TEAM
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Nov.
10.— The University of Oregon
football team was defeated on
the college campus to-day by the
Stanford team by a score of 34 to
0. The Oregon men were In perfect condi
tion and played a hard defensive game
throughout every minute the ball was in
play. The northern men were handi
capped by being ten pounds lighter to the
mm than their opponents.
The work of the Stanford team was
consistent throughout, but not brilliant.
They were strong on the offensive, losing
CHICAGO, Nov. 10.— Weather cold;
track deep in mud. and the racing of a
mediocre quality at Lakeside to-day. Sum
mary; ¦ •
Six furlongs- Alpaca won, Jake Weber sec
ond, Little Boy Dlue third. • Time,' 1:15 2-6.
Five and a half furlongs— Money Muss won
Tlobert Waddell : second. Royal Victor third
Time, 1:09. . - . . -
Six and a half furlongs— Lennep woe. May
Beach Fecond, Algraretta third. Time, l:lt 3-5
Mile and a sixteenth— Knight Banneret won,
Aloha II 6ecoad, Ohnet third. Time. 1:49 2-5.
One mile and an eighth— Lrfmlsrllle won. St.
Eimonian second. Moroni third. Time. 1:68.
One mile— Brownie Anderson won, Deponan
6etfond, Oxnard third. •Trme.-r.fl a-V • •
Six furlongs, selling— Queen Carnival won
Pigeon Pest cecond, Lone ¦ Fisherman third
Time, 1:15 1-5.
One mile and seventy yards— Intrusive won
Charentus second, Alsike third. Time 1-47 3-5
NEW YORK, Nov. 10.— The last Satur
day's racing in the Metropolitan district
was well attended. The Aqueduct track
had dried out and was safe and good. The
weather was clear and bright. Results:
Se\-en furlongs — Magic Light won, Preatidlel-
Utor second, Rlnaldo third. Time, 1:28 2-Bw
Five and a half furlongs— The Musketeer won.
Ashes second. The Rhymer third. Time, 1-10 1-5*
One mile and seventy yards, selling— Knight
of the Garter won. Doable Dummy second
Trillo third. Time. 1:48 4-5. j
One mile and seventy yards, selling—Car
buncle won. Annoy eecond, Filipino third
Time, 1:48 4-5., ¦ ,
CINCINNATI. Nov. 10.— Jockey Michaels
was badly hurt at L>atonia to-day by an
accident which caused the death of Hart
Gibbons* good filly, Pirate Belle.. The
accident happened in the fourth race. Just
as the field was passing the first turn.
Pirate Belle's leg snapped in two and she
fell head first into the fence with the boy
on her back. The fall broke her neck and
crushed her skull. Michaels suffered a.
fracture of two ribs and was otherwise
painfully hurt. Pirate Belle was one of
the best fillies at the track. Jockey May
rode three winners. Weather wintry
track fast. Summary:
Six furlongs, felling— Suave won. Plllardlst
SfK-ond, The Tory third. Time. 1:15.
One mile, selling— Branch won, The Sluggard
cecond. Lord Zenl third. Time, 1:41*4. . .
One mile, selling— Isobel won. DoJlle Wager
second, I-dttle Tim third. Time. 1:44.
One mile and an eighth, handicap— Bohul -won.
Ida Ledford second, ¦\Voodtrice third. Time,
Two miles, selling— Jack Telling won, Eng
hurst second. Colbert third. Time, 3:31.
Six furlongs, selling— J J T won. Lake Fonao'
cecond. Princess Xhyra third. Time, 1:HV4-
ON EASTERN TRACKS.
"^- -t^- yARM, balmy, perfect
\ /\ / racing weather and the
\ / \/ prospect of witnessing
Y yf some splendid sport over
' a fast course attracted
fully OW0 people to Oakland track yester
day. Besides the regular menu furnished,
the Produce Exchange stake, for two
year-olfis, had a place on the programme,
and to the popular horseman Walter Jen
nings belongs the honor of capturing the
first classic feature of the winter season.
His fast Midlothian colt Canmore, which
up to the time of the State Fair was an
unknown quantity, lowered the colors of
Green Morris* crack youngster Bedeck, a
eon of the statuesque Star Ruby, in a
prettily fought contest. The latter colt
had Wedderstrand In the saddle, and
throughout the betting, which was fast
end furiou?. held the honors of favorit
ism, with Canmore second choice. Ap
parently Homage and Diderot had not
been doing well, for neither was accorded
much attention from speculators. With
very little delay at the post Mr. Caldwell
released the barrier to an excellent start.
Bedeck at once went out to make the
pace, closely followed by Canmore, Hom
age and Diderot. The last named two re
tired after a brief effort, leaving Canmore
•ar.d Bedeck to light it out. As the leaders
reared the stretch turn Wedderstrand on
the favorite wes already anxious, while
Mounce had Car.more under gentle re
straint, and barring accident looked the
•winner. About a. furlong- from the stand
Bedeck weakened, and Wedderstrand in a
fruitless effort to hold the lead bore out
perceptibly, bumping and interfering with
the Jennings entry. Seeing that he had
the race in hand, Mounce laid his whip
away, and hand riding passed the Judges
•winner by a length. The six furlongs was
covered in 1:14, which, considering the
successful two-ytar-old carried 113 pounds.
marked a clever performance. The small
end of the prize fell to Diderot.
Although every winner during the after
noon appeared to have friends In the ring,
judging from the lines back of the stands
after each race. Gonfalon and Modrine
•were the only choices to reach the wire
first.
No happening occasioned bo much sur-
BY F. B. MULHOLLAND.
prise as the win of the opening 1 flve-fur
longr scramble by Barney Schrelber"s Jer
ry Hunt at odds of 50 and GO to 1. The
horse is a notorious mudlark, but yester
day very few gave him a thought. Miss
Rowena. the 6 to 5 favorite, was consid
ered a "pipe," and the coin poured Into
the books on the mare. At the start
Buchanan hustled Jerry away in the lead,
and though Wedderetrand on the favorite
did his best the rank outsider, fairly bub
bling over with run. scampered In an easy
winner In -1:01*4. Miss Rowena finished in
the place ahead of February.
A fair band of platers then. lined up for
a mile run'. Expedient ruling a mild fa
vorite. Stuart met with several chapters
of hard luck, with the result that the fa
vorite finished third. Coburn astride Tor-
Mda finally got out of a pocket in the
ttretch, scoring cleverly from Whaleback.
Sam Hildreth's Gonfalon made short
work of his company in the Cadmus hand-"
leap, at one mile and a sixteenth. Allot
ted 113 pounds, he closed a 9 to 10 favorite,
and just made a mild gallop of it. Two
or three of the other starters met with
poor racing luck, and The Fretter, should
ering 115 pounds, finished second, running
a remarkably good race. Much was ex
pected of Rosormonde, but she ran disap
pointingly.
Nine ordinary sprinters started in the
fifth exposure. Afamada carried the bulk
of the coin at odds of 11 to 5, but her
suspicious underpinning gave out, for Ehe
pulled up lame after showing- some early
ppeed. Mcunce came from the rear with
Pansmlnt, nosing out Southern Girl in the
last stride. The winner was well backed
I- or the first time at the meeting, the
colors of Green Morris were seen in front
at the wire. In the final seven-furlong
Jaunt. alodrine picked up Wedderstrand
and lli pounds, and, never headed, stepped
off the distance in 1:26%. Flush of Gold
gave TV ooster Boy a hard rub for the
place, losing out by only a half-length
Four to five was the prevailing price on
the winner at post time. .
Time — >*, OJSfc; a», :SE; *%, 1:01; "4, 1:26^. Good start. "Won all out. Second and third drlv- •
Ing:. Winner. G. B. Morris' ch. c. by imp. Sir Modred-Katrine. Modrtne's rtd>r had no
time to make campaign speeches. Flush of Gold had Woosxer Boy making wry faces before
¦wire was reached. Headwater still had his traveling legs with him. • ¦
1317. SIXTH RACE— Seven furlongs; three-year-olds and -up; rmrse, $400.
versity of Illinois. -_:
At ; Minneapolis— Mlrmesota 6, Illinois 0.
At ; . Philadelphia— Pennsylvania 12, La
fayette 6. '..
At Cambridge— Harvard 11, Brown's..,.!
At Ithaca— Cornell 29: Oberlln 0.
At Madison, Wl9.— "Wisconsin 53, Notre
Minnesota Men Triumph Over Uni-
GAMES AT OTHER POINTS.
NEW HAVEN, Nov. 10.— To the
surprise of even the most . ar
dent of her admirers," Yale this
afternoon rolled up a score : of
35 points against the Carlisle
Indians In the annual football contest be
tween the teams of the two Institutions,
while the Indians failed to get nearer
Yale's goal than the 20-yard line.
The Yale eleven played. with unexpected
strength and the speed and dash of the
New Haven players was ; as remarkable
as their strength. The experts, however,
in commenting on the probabilities of the
coming: Yale-Harvard game proclaim that
while Yale's work to-day was equal to
that of Harvard against the same team,
the Indians lacked, that vigor? and ' finish
of - play that ; characterized their five to
seventeen effort against the Cambridge
boys. Yale's goal line "was never in'dan
ger in'to-day's great contest. Once the
Carlisle players reached the Yale twenty
yard line, there . to be . held.':; By means : of
old time- Yale Interference* Yale managed
to pull 'Off many end runs," the dashes of
- CHICAGO, Nov. - 10.— Northwestern de
feated the University of Chicago to-day
by a score of 5 to 0. As a result of this
defeat of Chicago, the Northwestern ad
herents base a claim on the Western
championship : of '. WOO. •
ern Championship.
Northwestern Now Claims the West-
Iowa defeated the University of Michigan
at Bennett Park to-day, 2S to 6. Iowa's
first touchdown was ' secured I after one
minute of play.
CHICAGO MEN MEET DEFEAT.
/.^Gam*.*;." '.
. DETROIT, Nov. 10.— The University of
Defeats the Michigan Eleven in a Hot
OTflVERSITY OF IOWA WINS.
Finicke and Dupee standing out as the
star events. The sensational run of the
day wa3 - that by FInicke, ¦ the Yale half
back, in the first half, when he seized a
blocked kick and ran behind splendid In
terference eighty yards for a touchdown.
He and Dupee alternated with 15, 20 and 25"
yards run and the were relieved by ,< line
plunges' by Captain Brown and Tackle
Stlllman. The line up:
Tale.' -Positions. . Carlisle.
Gould.......... '..Left end.............. Rogers
Bloomer .Lef t tackle . . . ... . . Wheelock
Brown...... .....Left (fuard.. :..... Redwater
Olcott.. Center ....... .........Smith
Sheldon.......... Right guard....... ....Dillon
Stillman Right tackle Bain
Coy. '. . ..Right end .......... .Hare
Wear Quarterback. Roberta-Smith
Finicke........... *..... Left half.. Parker- Williams
Cook-Chad wick..:. ...Right half. .Johnson-Beaver
Dupee '.": ;:. Fullback ...Palmer-Simons
Touchdowns — Yale «. Goals — Yale 5.'
YALE'S SPLENDID VICTORY
OVER THE CARLISLE INDIANS
32
4..
a.
fht.jTstjSt.
.112 10 4
.117 7 1
.ur s 9
.11: i t
.1101 4 Id
.112' 2 8
.lir. s s
.nq 8 ! 5
-112 « 6
.1P7| 3 | 7
1 5
2 3
7 U
6 H
9 H
10
s:
62
s »4
1 6
2 5
61
5 2
8 1
-* 1
3 4
10
. < l i.
7 1
Str.
1 4
2 3
4 1
s if
7 1
5 1
6 H
92
M
10
_ I . >
Fin. I Jockeys.
1 2 7cuchanan ..
2 ltf Weddcrst'd
2 2 -{HcFWEon ....
4 h jj. Walsh
5 1 - Mounce ....
6 3 Russell .'
7 2 Tullett
8 J. Woods....
9 Dlngley
19 JHenncssy ..
I, Bettlnff >
Od. Hi. Cl. PI.
Op.
10
6-5
4
4
3
12
60
20
30
30
— Betting
HI. CL
CO SO
6-5 11-10
s «
5 S
; 4 7-2
15 IS
100 100
60 60
B0 80
' 100 100
PI.
10
1-2
2
8-5
6-5
6
40
25
10
40
jp
' op.
— BettlnK »
HI. Cl. PI.
— Bett
UnK
Xn<3<?r
ISSfi i
RTdJ
iht
tjSt.
14.
%. ' Str.
Fin.
. I Jockeys.
Op.
HI.
Cl.
PI.
«S02) I
Id
4
t
i.
?
a
19
)i
•4
U
f.
7
3
f,
r>
I
2
7
6
9
3
10
5
4
1
6 2
S 2
7 2
5 2
S 1
4 1
»y
10
1 h
2 h
! 7 2 S
I 14'lH
I 6 H • 2 fc:
! 4 h - - 4 »i
L 8 3 8 1
I 5 X 5 h
¦4 9 1 S 2
.10 10
i . • 2 h T >4
1 3 »4 6 1
1
II
12
2 2 i
3 1
4 h
5 1
6 1
7 3
8 1
S 3
10 "
Coburn ....
- Dominick .
Stuart
J. Walsh
Losrue
J. Martin..,
Itansch
TullPtt
J. Daly ,
Brodien
3
t
3
5
4
I
19
20
10 ,
13
4
10
3
8
6
10
it
, 20
loo
4
10
11-5
.¦8
¦7
<
10
40
20
100
8-5
4
6-5
3
5-2
2
4
12
S
49
'at
ir
12
iir
V!
exJH
IS [C
B
7 D
4 G
?.
: |b
3 T
i la
ft
Ta
",r
to
*r
>
o:
ai
M
a
ri
o:
;rse
r.m
aft.
all:-
Ut h
any
>rr:a
i
ini
-i;
¦at
•T
•A
,1
t I
r .
n
r
IE
id W<
C
i P
....113J 1
....118
....110
....110
....no
....104
....lie
no
to
'ft!
€
4
8
1
3
t!$t
T
c
8
4
7
S
1 ¦
2 h
1 h
3 b
8
< 3
7 h
6 1
'41
2 2
1 h
3 2
S
4 2
7 1
6 1
'5 H
Str. -Fin.
» 1 . l l
1 h . 2 5'
3 2 3 4
"1 ¦" 4 H
4 1 5 4
~- S ¦ 6 H :
5 h »T6 •
6 V, 8
Jockeys.
Mour.ce
•' Wedderst'd
Coburn
Dominlck ..
• J.> Walsh....
¦ IJ. Walker...
R. Murphy..
I J. "Woods....
, Betting —
Op. fit. Cl.
~ 2~ 2 T
3-2 8-5 3-2
.487
.'58 8
6 . 60 12
80 . 100 100
.. 12 60 60
6 8 8
PI."
8-5
2-5
3
* 6
40
15
S
»8 G
"hp Ft
ght.
..::s
.115
..102
Jll
.XM
. £¦>
IFo.
JPst
W\
2 5
) 2
> 3
i 4
i|St.
1
2
E
4
6
3
1 h
4 1
6
2 1
5 H
3 Vfc
%.
1 1
3 h
6
4 1
t
1
4
4
6
I
4
E
C
5tr.
1 2
2 3
3 h
4 h
0 1
«
I
I
I
Fin.
1 2
2 1
3 2
4 h
E 4
e '
. I Jockeys. Op.
Hull man ... 4-5
J. Martin... 8
Ransch 4
J. Wood*.... 6-8
Domlnlck .. 6
J. t>alv 50
-Betting: ,
HI. Cl. PI.
1 9-10 1-4
25 25* 6
6 6 2
S 5-2 3-5
1! IS 4
40 30 10
I:
?lght. [
• K.
it.
Btr.
. Fin.
I
| Jockeys. I Od.
-netting —
HI. Cl.
Betting: >
HI. Cl. PI.
PI.
a
:
i
i
i
a
13
7'
12
H
'antr
outhi
llot.
.fair.!
ennle
>ecoy
[onta
>ttie
Gl
"r>
id
ar
4 ...
¦ irl. 3
L'i"
, a .
rk. S
i !
\l
I \
I
S
.1
i «
2
S
1
9
8
4
5
8 3
1 X
2 2-
C 1
3 1
9
4 h*
SI
?
1
E
9
6
5
5 2
1 1
2 3
! 2
; i
t
I J !
i
• i
2
I
i
I
I
i
i
4 1
1 1
24
62
3 1
73
fi 1
8 2
9
1 ns
2 ns'
3 2
4 n
C 1
6 h
7 h
5 3
9
M ounce .... S
Ransch 6-5
J. Martin... 12
Domlnick .. 8
Coburn 2
J. Walsh... . 8 .
Weddersfd 7
Fauntleroy . . 15
Stuart 15
E 16-5
S 3
15 15
10 10
13-5 j 11-5
. 12/ 12
10 10
30 30
DO ' 50
6-5
1
6
4
4-5
4
3
10
15
Op.
- Betting
Hi. Cl.
~PI?
Index
¦is"
tlSt M.
*4. 6tr.
Fin.
j Jockeys. I
Op.
Hi.
Cl.
PI.
S
Boy. 3
Gold, :
ter. 4...
txal II.
3
.117
.109
.204
.114
,112
¦104|
r,
i
4
6
3
2
2 12
1 2 2
3 3 h
6 .5 1
5 6
4 4h
114 lh
2 1 2 4
S3 3 2
3 h 4 4
C B Vi
4 h 6
1 2
2 14
8 3
4 15
5 6
6
_l .
hveddersfd
Bullman ...
Mouncp
Domlniek ..
J. Woods. v..
Ransch
3-5
3
5
3
2»
29
4-5
3
6
6
100-
50
4-5
8
6
«
100
60
7-20
7-10
8-5
7-5
15
10
I:
?lght. [
• K.
it.
Btr.
. Fin.
I
| Jockeys. I Od.
-netting —
HI. Cl.
Betting: >
HI. Cl. PI.
PI.
a
:
i
i
i
a
13
7'
12
H
'antr
outhi
llot.
.fair.!
ennle
>ecoy
[onta
>ttie
Gl
"r>
id
ar
4 ...
¦ irl. 3
L'i"
, a .
rk. S
i !
\l
I \
I
S
.1
i «
2
S
1
9
8
4
5
8 3
1 X
2 2-
C 1
3 1
9
4 h*
SI
?
1
E
9
6
5
5 2
1 1
2 3
! 2
; i
t
I J !
i
• i
2
I
i
I
I
i
i
4 1
1 1
24
62
3 1
73
fi 1
8 2
9
1 ns
2 ns'
3 2
4 n
C 1
6 h
7 h
5 3
9
M ounce .... S
Ransch 6-5
J. Martin... 12
Domlnick .. 8
Coburn 2
J. Walsh... . 8 .
Weddersfd 7
Fauntleroy . . 15
Stuart 15
E 16-5
S 3
15 15
10 10
13-5 j 11-5
. 12/ 12
10 10
30 30
DO ' 50
6-5
1
6
4
4-5
4
3
10
15
»8 G
"hp Ft
ght.
..::s
.115
..102
Jll
.XM
. £¦>
IFo.
JPst
W\
2 5
) 2
> 3
i 4
i|St.
1
2
E
4
6
3
1 h
4 1
6
2 1
5 H
3 Vfc
%.
1 1
3 h
6
4 1
t
1
4
4
6
I
4
E
C
5tr.
1 2
2 3
3 h
4 h
0 1
«
I
I
I
Fin.
1 2
2 1
3 2
4 h
E 4
e '
. I Jockeys. Op.
Hull man ... 4-5
J. Martin... 8
Ransch 4
J. Wood*.... 6-8
Domlnlck .. 6
J. t>alv 50
-Betting: ,
HI. Cl. PI.
1 9-10 1-4
25 25* 6
6 6 2
S 5-2 3-5
1! IS 4
40 30 10
'at
ir
12
iir
V!
exJH
IS [C
B
7 D
4 G
?.
: |b
3 T
i la
ft
Ta
",r
to
*r
>
o:
ai
M
a
ri
o:
;rse
r.m
aft.
all:-
Ut h
any
>rr:a
i
ini
-i;
¦at
•T
•A
,1
t I
r .
n
r
IE
id W<
C
i P
....113J 1
....118
....110
....110
....no
....104
....lie
no
to
'ft!
€
4
8
1
3
t!$t
T
c
8
4
7
S
1 ¦
2 h
1 h
3 b
8
< 3
7 h
6 1
'41
2 2
1 h
3 2
S
4 2
7 1
6 1
'5 H
Str. -Fin.
» 1 . l l
1 h . 2 5'
3 2 3 4
"1 ¦" 4 H
4 1 5 4
~- S ¦ 6 H :
5 h »T6 •
6 V, 8
Jockeys.
Mour.ce
•' Wedderst'd
Coburn
Dominlck ..
• J.> Walsh....
¦ IJ. Walker...
R. Murphy..
I J. "Woods....
, Betting —
Op. fit. Cl.
~ 2~ 2 T
3-2 8-5 3-2
.487
.'58 8
6 . 60 12
80 . 100 100
.. 12 60 60
6 8 8
PI."
8-5
2-5
3
* 6
40
15
S
jp
' op.
— BettlnK »
HI. Cl. PI.
— Bett
UnK
Xn<3<?r
ISSfi i
RTdJ
iht
tjSt.
14.
%. ' Str.
Fin.
. I Jockeys.
Op.
HI.
Cl.
PI.
«S02) I
Id
4
t
i.
?
a
19
)i
•4
U
f.
7
3
f,
r>
I
2
7
6
9
3
10
5
4
1
6 2
S 2
7 2
5 2
S 1
4 1
»y
10
1 h
2 h
! 7 2 S
I 14'lH
I 6 H • 2 fc:
! 4 h - - 4 »i
L 8 3 8 1
I 5 X 5 h
¦4 9 1 S 2
.10 10
i . • 2 h T >4
1 3 »4 6 1
1
II
12
2 2 i
3 1
4 h
5 1
6 1
7 3
8 1
S 3
10 "
Coburn ....
- Dominick .
Stuart
J. Walsh
Losrue
J. Martin..,
Itansch
TullPtt
J. Daly ,
Brodien
3
t
3
5
4
I
19
20
10 ,
13
4
10
3
8
6
10
it
, 20
loo
4
10
11-5
.¦8
¦7
<
10
40
20
100
8-5
4
6-5
3
5-2
2
4
12
S
49
4..
a.
fht.jTstjSt.
.112 10 4
.117 7 1
.ur s 9
.11: i t
.1101 4 Id
.112' 2 8
.lir. s s
.nq 8 ! 5
-112 « 6
.1P7| 3 | 7
1 5
2 3
7 U
6 H
9 H
10
s:
62
s »4
1 6
2 5
61
5 2
8 1
-* 1
3 4
10
. < l i.
7 1
Str.
1 4
2 3
4 1
s if
7 1
5 1
6 H
92
M
10
_ I . >
Fin. I Jockeys.
1 2 7cuchanan ..
2 ltf Weddcrst'd
2 2 -{HcFWEon ....
4 h jj. Walsh
5 1 - Mounce ....
6 3 Russell .'
7 2 Tullett
8 J. Woods....
9 Dlngley
19 JHenncssy ..
I, Bettlnff >
Od. Hi. Cl. PI.
Op.
10
6-5
4
4
3
12
60
20
30
30
— Betting
HI. CL
CO SO
6-5 11-10
s «
5 S
; 4 7-2
15 IS
100 100
60 60
B0 80
' 100 100
PI.
10
1-2
2
8-5
6-5
6
40
25
10
40
Op.
- Betting
Hi. Cl.
~PI?
Index
¦is"
tlSt M.
*4. 6tr.
Fin.
j Jockeys. I
Op.
Hi.
Cl.
PI.
S
Boy. 3
Gold, :
ter. 4...
txal II.
3
.117
.109
.204
.114
,112
¦104|
r,
i
4
6
3
2
2 12
1 2 2
3 3 h
6 .5 1
5 6
4 4h
114 lh
2 1 2 4
S3 3 2
3 h 4 4
C B Vi
4 h 6
1 2
2 14
8 3
4 15
5 6
6
_l .
hveddersfd
Bullman ...
Mouncp
Domlniek ..
J. Woods. v..
Ransch
3-5
3
5
3
2»
29
4-5
3
6
6
100-
50
4-5
8
6
«
100
60
7-20
7-10
8-5
7-5
15
10
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect vt varmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving: strength
and development just where it is needed
It cures all the Ills and troubles that come
from years of misuse of the natural func-
tions and has been an absolute success in
all casea. A request to the State Medical
Institute. 228 EJektron building. Fort
Wayne, Ind.. stctlnc that you desire one
of their free trial packages, will be com-
plied with promptly. The Institute is de-
elrous of reaching that great class of men
•who are unable to leave home to be treat-
ed, and the free sample will enable them
to see how easy it is to be cured •** sex-
ual weakness when the proper remedies
are employed. The Institute makes no re-
strictions. Any man who writes will be
cent a free Eamule. carefully sealed In a
plain package, so that It* . recipient need
have no fear of embarrassment or oubllc-
lty. Headers are reauestcd to write Trith-
SOt dala*.
Free trial packages of a most remarka-
ble remedy are being mailed to all who
TrtU write the State Medical Institute.
They cured so many men who had bat-
tled for years against the mental and
physical suffering of lost manhood that
ttie Institute has decMJed to distribute
free trial packages to all who write. It
Is a home treatment, and all men who
suffer from any form of sexual weakness
resulting: from youthful folly, premature
lose of strength and memory, weak back,
varicocele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at home.
to All Who Wrlto.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mall
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
A Most Remarkable Remedy That
SENT FREE TO MEN 2
ji ;h" %, • j from the horrors of |
1 M Dyspepsia and the j?
I >^ S5|Pj|\ intensified horrors of j)
1 Insomnia by taking g
I »M, t . Ssr Johnson's Digestive 1
M APPLICATION TO "^ . ' . U
¦ Brunswick fi g f £* m /"ff^ * £ \ I
1 PharmacalCo., 1 a Diet S ( Jr&POiClS) |
B Mew Bruoiwlck, N. J. ' MIn addition to the contest for the Coun
cil's cup the men of class B held a tour
nament over eighteen holes, medal play,
with handicap, in which R. V. Watt
proved the winner with a gross score o*
117 and a net of 102. The full details are
shown ln the table:
Had either Lawson or Pillsbury been
present the match would have gone by
default against the absentee, but as both
were unable to put In an appearance they
will toss up and the winner will take his
place in the semifinal round to be played
next Saturday. Should Pillabury win the
toss a very close series of matches may
be looked for.
The opening round of the third compe
tition over eighteen holes, match play, for
the Council's cup for men was played yes
terday on the links of the San Francisco
Golf Club. Four couples were drawn, but
John Lawson and H. D. Pillsbury being
absent only three couples competed. The
results were as follows: S. L. Abbot Jr.
beat Worthingrton Ames; H. Golcher de
feated C. R. Winslow, and H. B. Goodwin
won from L. Chenery.
GOLFERS STRIVE FOR
THE COUNCIL'S CTJF
Oaklanders Engage in a Tournament
Against Colonel Bogey and
Are Worsted.
J. T. Howard filed suit for divorce yes
terday against Edith Howard, alleging
desertion as cause of action. Lizzie E.
Rogers has sued Charles H. Rogers for
AJIlYorc.9* J4nk £oSSrs_allefg ffuelfck
Two Divorce Suits.
LIMA, Ohio, Nov. . 10.— The town „ of
Wren, southwest of this city/ was almost
wiped out of existence by; lire last night.
The entire business district and hair the
residence portion of the town was burned.
Juoza flOO,CW
Ohio Town j Destroyed.
George and Soldier Green Matched.
George Green, the well r known local
middle-weight, has been matched to fight
"Soldier" Phil Green before the National
Athletic Club on November 80. The men
will enter the ring at 158 pounds and th»
fiontwt Tvttl b« to a aniBh. . ,
Sergeants Brophy and Donovan with a
squad of police raided. the Chinese club
house at 8 Roes alley at 1 o'clock this
morning and captured .' fifty Chinamen,
who were booked at the Hall of Justice
for frequenting a gambling game. > ¦
Chinese. Gamblers Arrested.
SAN RAFAEL. Nov. lO.-The State
Board of Prison Directors met at San
Quentin ' totday. ¦:, Convict John, Manning
had four years' credits restored to him
He lost the credits several years ago for
being implicated ¦ in an attempt to l>reak
prison. At the time of, the Kelly murder
case he gave some valuable evidence for
the • State, hence to-day's action. ; John
Markarion, a youthful offender from
Fresno, who Is serving a five years' sen
tence for arson, was granted a parole.
Two Convicts Made Happy.
. Martin Kelly Is hustling- around to fix
up a programme for organizing- the San
Francisco delegation in the Legislature.
He prefers Eddio Wolfe for chairman of
the delegation in the Senate and has hia
eye on Martin Brady for chairman of. the
bunch in the Assembly. In several ra
spects Brady will make a fine companion
piece' for Wolfe. He Is perhaps tha only
member of -the lower boose that will com
mand as little Influence in the Assembly
as Wolfe wields in the Senate. In tha
ordinary course of legislation at Sacra
mento a bill is supposed to receive its
inglorious finish when it la referred to
the San Francisco delegation. The legis
lators elected In this .city last Tuesday
may do something to elevate -the San
Francisco delegations in the esteem of tho
Legislature if they do not at the outset
commit tha blunder of putting: forward
the lowest type of boss creature* to flu
W*_ j¥fio. <wr £ poflitlQgJy ¦ — — ¦
San Francisco Delegation.
Mysterious Explosion in a Basement
A mysterious explosion that occurred ln
the basement of the Mutual Life .Insur
ance building at the corner of California
and Sansome -streets at 2 o'clock this
morning blew a hole In the sidewalk and
shattered a number, of," windows' In .the
vicinity. Following the explosion smoke
was seen issuing from- the .basement and
an alarm was turned ln from box 35. • The
flames were extinguished before any se
rious ' damage was done. There was no
smell of oil or gas ln the basement and
the firemen were at a loss to account for
the explosion. • -l : -'_" '•-'-••' *
SPORTS
Athletic Club Incorporates.
Articles of Incorporation of the Mer
chants' Athletic Club were filed yester
day. The capital stock is $1000,. all of.
which has been .subscribed. The direc
tors are: -John Pastene, Edward Z.
Bowen, Charles C, Qualman, Harry Mc-
Glnnls and William Fauss.
The switchmen's unions of this city, and
Oakland have appointed a Joint grievance
committee, consisting : of three members
from each union, who will confer with
Manager Fillmore of the Southern Pacific
the middle of this week relative to a new
schedule of wages, as outlined ln The Call
several days ago.
The new schedule especially affects the
night switchmen, who are now putting ln
twelve hours, while the day men . work
only ten hours. Because of the added
risks that accompany night work- the
union thinks the men should receive more
than 25 cents an hour, which Is the same
rate paid the day men. In other places
the night men receive from 2 to 3 cents
more an hour, the switchmen say.
It Is expected that Grand Chief Mor
riasey of the Brotherhood .of Railway
Trainmen and Grand Chief Clark of the
Order of Railway Conductors will be here
to take part in the conference with Man
ager Fillroore.
Affect Day "Workers.
MORE PAY FOR NIGHT MEN.
Switchmen's New Schedule Does Not
LONDON. Nov. 10.— Richard Croker's
horse. The Scotchman II. with Lester
Relff up, having defeated Lord Durham's
Gerolsteln at Liverpool yesterday, after
being badly beaten by Gerolsteln at Don
caster, the local stewards to-day sum
moned "WlBhard, the trainer, and Reiff for
an explanation of the Doncaster -running.
They afterward decided to refer the mat
ter to the stewards. of the Jockey Club.
Reifl Asked to Explain.
Judge Cook made an order yesterday di
recting Sheriff Lackmann to bring the
person of Albert Frederick George
Vereneseneckockockhoff from San Quen
tin to the County Jail so that he may be
produced In court at hia second trial,
commencing November 21. He was con
victed of the murder of Mrs. Mary A.
Clute, but the Supreme Court granted him
a new trial on the ground of the Judge's
misdirection to the jury.
Murderer Hoff's Second Trial.
H. F. Anderson, ln a suit filed yester
day, charges William D. Murphy with
having unlawfully seized and carried
away two greyhounds, one a fawn-colored
bitch named Crawford Braes, the other a
white blotched puppy named Gatacre.
Anderson demands either the return of
the hounds or their equivalent in gold,
which he places at *350, together with $100
damages. - ;-"•;;
Greyhounds Cause Litigation.
On the Adams Point links the men's
handicap against bogey, over eighteen
holes, match play, brought out a sma.il
field, the result being as follows: \V. T.
Johnson. 7 down; F. S. Stratton, S down,
A. H. Higgins, 10 down; J. H. Ames, 14
down; H. C. Morris. 14 down; T. R. Hutch
inson, 15 down. \
The competition f\r the ladies' cup of
the Oakland Golf Club, which reached the
final round last Saturday, has since been
finished. Mrs. "W. P. Johnson defeating
Miss Knowles. 3 up 2 to play, and winning
the honor of having her name and score
Inscribed on the trophy.
The. opening 1 tournament of the Sausallto
Golf Club, which was set for yesterday
on the Fort Baker links, was not begun,
but- the qualifying rounds in the men's
and women's events will be played to-day.
Since October, 1S38, the guaranteed 4 per
cent dividends have been paid on the
guaranteed stock, and last year 4 per cent
was paid on the first preferred and this
year the full 5 per cent, besides a divi
dend on the second preferred— the first
since 1883.'. At the same time large sums
have been spent for Improvements to the
road and. equipment.
Under His Management.
Although it Is generally understood that
Charles M. Hays, the newly elected presi
dent of the -Southern Pacitlc. will devote
himself more particularly to the operating
side of the big road than to the financial,
it is interesting to note the wonderful
advance in the financial standing of the
Grand Trunk that has been made since
Mr. Hays became its general manager five
years ago. •
• For eleven years out of the preceding
fourteen there had been an annual de
ficit, the only dividend payments having
been on the guaranteed stock, and none
on that stock after 1893. During Mr. Hays*
administration the gross earnings on prac
tically the same mileage have increased
from $17,000,000 in 1S95 to $21,000,000 last
year, and the net revenue has been in
creased by nearly $2,500,000.
Grand Trunk Has Paid Dividends
HAYS AS A FINANCIER.
A rumor has reached the ears of the
ladies afnl'ated with the Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Animals that
the yacht Frolic Is being fitted out at
Sausallto for the purpose of hunting all
sorts of waterfowl the feathers of which
are valued as adornments for ladies' hats,
and they have determined to stop the
slaughter of Innocents.
To carry their point the ladles have de
termined on a heroic course. They wlU
sacrifice vanity to conscience to save the
feathered creatures and have announced
that if the Frolic goes forth on her errand
of death they will each and every one
of them abstain from wearing any feath
ers in their hats.
So earnest are the ladies ln this cam
paign that they have enlisted the assist
ance of Secretary Holbrook of the local
Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Animals and he ln 'turn has called the
attention of each local branch of the so
ciety in coast ports to the possible ob
jects of the Frolic's voyage and bade the
members thereof stay the wanton slaugh
ter of the birds of plumage. : .
When the Frolic will sail, or what may
be the outcome of the trip. Is yet a ques
tion. State and Federal laws are against
the venture, but how they, may best be
applied Is a question. The plumes, wings,
aigrettes and other feathered flippery that
the Frolic may brinj? to port may as well
be thrown overboard, for all the use they
will be in the local millinery market, for
not a feather, a wing, or a plume will the
ladles of the society wear upon their hats
after the cruise of the Frolic. .
Mayhap the Frolic la fitting- out for a
cruise after something other than feath
ers.
ARE STRIVING TO STOP
KILLING OF BIRDS
Ladies Will Refuse to "Wear Feathers
if Threatened Slaughter Is
Carried On.
OAKLAND. Nov. 10.— Licenses to marry
were iesued to-day to Charles True Wig-
Kin, ag**d 21 years. Lathrop, and Vlnnle
Louett Leake. 21. Oakland; Joseph Sllva
Rose. 25. and Ida Edith Martin. 18. San
Leanfiro; John Fitrhams. 38, and Cruz
QutnteroB, 30. San Francisco; Adam Hull
Ehlrk, 20. Oakland, and Anna Virginia
Anderson. 22, Los Angeles; James Ethel
red Heale. 21. and Florence EUea English,
tt. Grtdley, CaJ.
Licenses to ZHarry.
SANTA BAP.BARA. Nov. 10.— Judge
Frank Osier to-day filed his findings and
ludement In the case of the Monteclto
Valley Water Company vs. the city of
Banta Barbara et af. The case was tried
ln the Superior Court of this city some
months ago. It involves questions of ri
parian rights to the water of Cold Stream
Creek, which plaintiff claimed was being
unlawfully drained by the City
Tunnel in Santa Ynez Mountains. Judge
Outer gives Judgment that the city tun
nel is abstracting 4.16 inches of water
from the Montecito Company s rightful
supply, but finds no relief for the com
pany. The case will go to the Supreme
Court. "
Suit Affecting Riparian Rights.
UKIAH, Nov. 10.— The meeting of Dis
trict No. 63. California Rebekahs. held in
Independent Order of Odd Fellows' Hall,
¦was ar> enthusiastic one. There are In the
district Cornelia Rebekah Lodge No. 205
and La&unita Lodge No. 248. There were
visitors present from remote mountain
lodges and the attendance was large. A
school of instruction occupied the after
noon hours. The degree was conferred In
the evening on two strangers who had
b»en elected to membership, the work be
ing performed by the staff of officers of
Cornelia Lodge. After the ceremonies a
banquet was served In the decorated ban
quet hall. Congratulatory speeches were
made and the affair was voted one of the
most delightful fraternal gatherings ever
held in this place. --•:*' '•¦ ¦
Rebekahs Confer a Degree.
TACOMA. Nov. 10.— George Hazzard to
day filed a suit against Johnson Klckeus,
former Mayor <<i Tacoma, for $10,000 dam
ages for the alleged utterances of NIckeus
after the Fusion of the Grand Jury in
1899, when Hazzard was foreman. Haz
zard allepes that in an interview with the
Tacoma News Xickeus used the following
•words:
"The night before the Indictment George
Hazzard met S. A. Perkins at the Tacoma
Hotel and said to him that if he had $200
more, notwithstanding- the fact that the
Grand Jury had refused to Indict NIckeus.
he could procure his indictment the next
<Jey for cure, and wanted Perkins to put
up that money."
Former Mayor of Tacoma.
G«o. Hazzard Brings Action Against
The officers of the Isls declare that while
the rumor of the extension is heard at
tv-ery port reached by the two lines from
Valparaiso as far north as Ocos, they are
r.ot ready to believe it until the steamers
Ere on the run. They assert that the pres
ent steamers on the west coast of South
America, are fitted primarily for passen
per business, while the business north of
Ocos is nearly all freight. The steamers
are hardly fitted for the northern trade,
because of the fact that they are doing a
passenger business and are arranged Tor
the warm climate through which they
NICKETJS SUED FOR DAMAGES.
SAN DIEGO, Nov. 10.— According to the
reports brought here to-day by the officers
Of the steamer Ifis of the Kosmos lino
the management of the Pacific Steam
Navigation Company Is contemplating thij
extension of its lines to this coast. The
two companies are strongs with plenty of
financial backing and many steamers.
They are separate corporations, but their
lines are run almost us one line, as they
have arranged to ma_ke alternate- trips
over the run. If the extension north Is
made it will be by the two lines running
EHeroaTf steair.ers.
Tonch at That Port
EXTENSION OF STEAMER LINES.
San Diego Expects More Vessels to
VICTORIA, B. C, Nov. 10.— The Japa
nese steamer Yamaguchi Maru, which ran
to Seattle for sqrne time, collided with the
French transfport Caracane, in the Inland
sea of Japan, the transport trying to
cross her bows. -The French vessel foun
dered. All on board the transport were
saved, except three midshipmen, who
were drowned.
Phoenix to Have a Brewery.
PHOENIX. Ariz., Nov. lO.-The Phoenix
Brewing Company has organized here to
day, to b© put into operation as soon aa
equipment can bo obtained. The officers
are: William Melczerm president: Joseph
Thalhelmer, vice president; Alexander
Rhelnstein. secretary and treasurer. It
is tne intention to operate on an extensive
scale, and by providing Arizona with a
beer supply minus freight rates from 8 1
Louis. Milwaukee and California, drive
out the product of those places.
Cremation Follows Suicide.
SPOKANE. Nov. lO.-Anthony Schall,
aged K, committed suicide to-night In a
little store building on Third street. Plac
ing a revolver to his heart he fired. The
burning powder ignited his clothing as
1 Y?, lay v? n £ ls J )ed ' and the flr « sained con
siderable headway before the smoke com
ing from the room awakened lodgers in
the upper floor of the building. Schall's
body was burned almost to a crisp
Brings Nome Passengers.
SEATTLE, Nov. 10.— The army dlspatth
boat Seward arrived from Nome to-day
with fifty-three passengers, moBt of whom
are returning Government employes. The
transport Oopack, bound for Manila, with
a cargo of horses and mules from this
port, was spoken by the Seward at Dutch
jjarbwv ~. . .
FRENCH TRANSPORT SUNK.
Collides With the Japanese Steamer
Yamaguchi Mara.
PHOENIX, Ariz., Nov. 10.— Thom-is
Laird, a mining man, residing near Globe,
was murdered several days ago. His body
was found In a cabin, the skull being
crushed in and bloody clothing scattered
about the room. Laird was ln the employ
of the Old Dominion Company and on tha
day before his murder had shown a con
siderable quantity of coin In the pres
ence of a large crowd of Mexicans ln a
saloon.
Makes a Display of Wealth and Is
Found Cold in Death.
mutiu'g man murdered.
of Coaling Station in San
Francisco Harbor.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 10.— Admiral Brad
ford, chief of the Naval Bureau of Equip
ment, starts to-morrow for the Pacific
Coast in pursuance of orders of the Navy
Department, and will visit the naval sta
tions at Puget Sound and Mare Island and
then go south to San Diego. While at San
Francisco he will give some attention to
the question of establishing a coaling sta
tion in San Francisco harbor.
Will Give Attention to Establishment
ADMIRAL BRADFORD
TO VISIT PACIFIC COAST
VANCOUVER. B. C. Nov. 10.— The bit
ter racial controversy between French
Canadians and Britishers culminated to
day In a fight in the neighboring city of
New Westminster, where probably serious
consequences were averted only by the
prompt action of the authorities. On the
new stone postofflce building In process
of construction are employed a number of
French Canadians brought thither for
that worK from Quebec. They were given
a Saturday half holiday, and hoisted the
union Jack and the French trl-color on
the same pole.
The British flag' was removed surrepti
tiously, and when the French ensign was
discovered floating- alone over the Gov
ernment-building a crowd of Englishmen
gathered to pull it down. The French Ca
nadians defended their flag and a hand
to-hand conflict followed. The authorities
stopped the fight by pulling down the of
fending flag. The occurrence has caused
intense feeling between representatives of
the two nationalities.
Hand-to-Hand Struggle at
New Westminster.
Racial Controversy Results In "a
BRITONS ATTEMPT TO
LOWER FRENCH FLAG
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
HIS Broadway. Nov. 10.
A special to the Tribune from lone says:
David Hirshberg, superintendent of the
Preston Reform School at this place, is
going to resign.
Mr. Hlrshberg to-day said: "The trus
tees will hold a meeting this evening, but
I will not resign to-night unless they de
mand my resignation.
"When I am cleared of the false charges
made against mo then I will resign. The
trustees will make a report to-night.
"Of course, I will eventually resign. My
wife is tired of this place and wants to
get back to Oakland. We expect soon to
return to that city." " > ¦ •
Mr. Hlrshberg is a resident of Oakland.
Head of Preston School Ready
to Make Room for
Gage's Man.
HIRSHBERG SAYS
HE WILL RESIGN
This winter it is expected that tha or
ange crop will require at least 20.000 cars,
and in consequence there Is a> vast amount
of Interest among railroad men as to the
course the initial companies will pursue
pending a decision by The Interstate Com
mission.
Vice President J. C. Stubbs said yester
day that in so- far as the Southern Pacific
la concerned the same plan followed last
year will be adopted this year.
The complainants ln their brief which
waa filed In. September claim that th»
Continental Fruit Express and tha Earl
Fruit Company have been given prefer
ence and advantage over their competi
tors, but no argument or relation of evi
dence la made to show how these agree
ments ¦work to the prejudice or disadvan
tage of the complainants.
The Southern Pacific In the brief first
filed says that it Is evident from all the
testimony that the idea of the contract
with the- Continental Fruit Express belns
a prejudice or disadvantage to tha com
plainants and other shippers was largely
worked up after shippers were notified
that the initial carriers would exercise
the right of routing.
Vice President Stubbs says that the
sole reason for exercising the right cf
routing was that those who -routed the
freight previously were holding up tha
carriers for rebates or concessions as a
consideration for sending- the goods over
their particular routea.
"These concessions could not be ob
tained except by people having: the right
of routing, added Mr. Stubbs. "I think
there has been no particular traQo in tha
United States that has ever been so open
ly and notoriously bandied In this way as
the citrus fruit traffic of Southern Cali
fornia. The routing: by us has pat a stop
to these rebates."
The brief concludes by stating: that the
complainants' brief adds nothing to the
oral argument as to* the alleged pooling
agreement, nor as to the alleged unreas
onableness of the rate of $1 25 per hun
dredweight. The mere fact that the rate
was the same when the traffic waa small
and has not been reduced since the traf
fic has Increased furnishes no argument
against the rate, unless It were shown
that the rate was entirely compensatory
for the original small volume of traffic.
Prior to last year the Southern Califor
nia Fruit Exchange and the Consolidated
Forwarding Company did most of tha
routing: of oranges and lemons. Last
year, however, the. initial companies re
fused to recognize the shippers, and tha
crop was sent over as many different
lines as the Southern Pacific and Santa
Fe chose to select
The action against the two railroad cor
porations waa brought last spring, being
precipitated by the. alleged failure on tha
part of the two roads to furnish proper
and adequate equipment at all times for
the movement of the citrus fruits in
Southern California.
The Southern Pacific Company has filed
its final brief with the Interstate Com
merce Commission ln th« case of tha
Southern California Fruit Exchange and
the Consolidated Forwarding Company
against the Southern Pacific and Santa
Fe roads. All the parties concerned have
now filed their briefs and an early deci
sion in the case Is looked for.
Report Expected Soon From
the Interstate G ommerce
Commission.
FINAL BRIEFS IN
ROUTING CASE
CLEVELAND. . Nov. 10.— At Akron.
Ohio, to-day former Mayor Robert E.
McKisson of this city was granted a di
vorce from his wife. Borne time since
Mrs. McKisson brought suit for dtvorco
at Elyria. Ohio, charging gross neglect of
duty. - Her husband . filed a cross-petition
asking for. a divorce on the same ground.
At'the hearing:, which was secret.Tie tes
tified that his wife no longer loved him.
Mrs. ' McKisson did not contest the suit.
Alimony, waa agreed, upon outside or
pourfe ¦;¦¦ -¦.'-:_¦ ¦ --. _ -..~^— . _ - .., -
McKisson Granted a Divorc*.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 10.— The President
has appointed Frederick S. Stratton of
California Collector of - Customs at San
Francisco, vice John P. Jackson, de
ceased. . ..'».-¦
FREDERICK S. STRATTON
WELL. SUCCEED JACKSON
Manages to Wound Three of the Pur
suing Posse Before He Finally
Surrenders. .
BIG TIMBER, Mont.. Nov. 10.— A cour
ier reports the capture of the desperado
who last evening killed Sheriff Young and
wounded Deputy Sheriff Bella at Spring
dale. A posse came upon him and a run
ning flgnt ensued. Before the desperado
was captured he had seriously wounded
three or. his pursuers. v.> ,,,..¦..
CAPTURE OF A
MONTANA DESPERADO
and Riches.
PARIS. Nov. 10.— The trial of Francois
Salson. the anarchist, who attempted to
shoot the Shah of Persia on August 2
while the latter was visiting the exposi
tion, began to-day.
The presiding Judge tried . to bring out
the anarchistic Ideas of the prisoner; and
Salson *said: "I am a soldier -of the Rev
olution. I- attempted to kill Cuslmn-
Perier on account of his repressive meas
ures against anarchy. I attempted to kill
the Shah because he Is the embodiment
of power and riches."
Salson was convicted and sentenced to
life imprisonment."
Would-Be Assassin Says the Ruler Is
the Embodiment of Power
CAUSE OF SALSON'S
ATTACK ON THE SHAS
Plays With Thome and Knocks Him
. Out in the Third.
CHICAGO, Nov. 10^,— To-day Ryan easily
disposed of Jeff Thome of England at the
Chicago Athletic Club. The tight was to
have been for six rounds, but early in the
third Ryan landed a right cross-dounter
on the Jaw that put the Englishman to
sleep. The fight was Ryan's all the way.
In tne first round he played with Thome
without attempting to do much until the
round was nearly ended, when he landed a
right on the jaw that s?nd Thorne to the
floor for the full count.
The second round was all Ryan's and
he hit Thorne -when and where he pleased.
the latter being unable to come back with
any effect. In the third round Thorne
became ambitious and made several leads
at Ryan. The latter ducked the first of
them, and then shot in the counter that
ended the fight.
a Meeting to Outline a Partial
Programme.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 10.—Representa
tive Payne of New York, chairman of the
Ways and Means Committee of the
House, had a conference with the Presi
dent yesterday. Mr. Payne said, after
leaving the White House, that he would
call a meeting: of the Republicans of his
committee for November 20 to outline a
partial programme for legislative work
in the House at the approaching session.
One of the matters to come before this
meeting will be the proposed reduction of
war revenue taxes. He did not think
«? we * v £k tnal the redl >ction would exceed
$15,000,000, or less than one-fifth of the
present revenues -from that source.
Much, he thought, would depend on the
? £ at t.,°, f a^ 11 " 8 ln the Philippines when
the bill came up for consideration. If a
considerable army had to be maintained
there for any length of time it might be
thought wise not to cut down the revenues
too much. There were, however, a num
ber of items in the present law that might
be wisely eliminated, aru these would re
ceive attention. Mr. Payne said he
though the ship subsidy bill would be
taken up and an effort made to pass it at
the coming session.
EASY VICTORY FOR RYAN.
Representative Payne Decides to Call
REDUCTION OF WAR TAX
t TO BE CONSIDERED
Ruhlln and Posts Forfeit.
NEW YORK. Nov. 10.— In an effort to
arrange a heavy-weight pugilistic match
with Robert Fitzsimmons, Gus Ruhlln
or Thomas Sharkey, In the order named,
the sum of $2500 was to-day deposited on
behalf of James J. Jeffries, champion,
with Al Smith. Jeffries Is anxious to de
fend his title and has posted his money
to show his anxiety in the matter.
Jeffries arrived in this city late to-night
from Philadelphia and at once Issued a
sweeping challenge.
The champion has Just received an of
fer from the Nonpareil Athletic Club of
Louisville, Ky.. which club agrees to give
<5 per cent of the gross receipts for a
right between him and one of the other
leading heavy-weights. C-Hcers of tne
club say that they have a building with
a capacity of 12,000 persons, and that
there is no doubt as to their ability
to hold a bout of such importance without
any interference from the authorities..
They point to the central location of the
city of Louisville as a great advantage,
and in their opinion a fight held there
-would draw from the east as well as from
the west, and from the north as well as
from the south. San Francisco has of
fered 70 j»er cent of the gross receipts
for a bout between Jeffries and any other
heavy-weight. The champion says that
he understands that Reno, Nevada, will
offer a purse of $30,000 for a fight. Fitz
simmons is out of the city, but some of
his friends' said to-day that he is willing
to take, on Jeffries again. "Billy" Mad
den, manager of Ruhlin, said he was
ready to match his man against the
champion on any fair terms which miv
be proposed.
Is Willing to Meet Robert Fitzsim
mons, Thomas Sharkey or Gus
JEFFRIES ISSUES
SWEEPING CHALLENGE
him a "pquare head." whereat he got an
gry and came down the rope hand over
hand, leaving Melluish to his fate.
"WORKING OVERTIME BRINGS
TROUBLE TO A SAW COM
PANY EMPLOYE.
Father Casey is one of the irremovable
pastors of the city, and, of course, will
take charge of his parish upon his return.
"vV'hether or not Father Yorke will remain,
is a question which cannot now be an
swered. Archbishop Rlordan was asked
In reference to the matter, and replied
that he •would consider It when Father
Casey returned In January.
During hia absence Father Casey has
visited England, Ireland, France and It
aly. He spent much time in Rome and
also In the Eastern States. He Is now in
Southern California for the concluding
weeks of his vacation.
highly. He has done much for the parish,
and the people would like to see him asso
ciated with Father Casey In the govern
ment of the parish.
THE people of St. Peter's Catholic
Church are waiting now In antic
ipation and pleasure for the
homecoming of their rector, the
Rev. Father P. S. Casey, who
has been enjoying a much needed leave of
absence for a year. The reverend gentle
man will return In January and will re
sume his duties as pastor of St. Peter's.
This event is of more than usual Interest
to Catholic people from the fact that the
Rev. Father Peter C. Yorke has been act
ing rector of Pt. Peter's during the ab
sence of Father Casey. "While the congre
gation have the heartiest feelings of good
will to their >iged and respected rector,
who Is about to return, the people have
also learned to esteem Father Yorke very
In his gratitude Melluish bought a bcx
of cigars and left them at the Harbor po
i.ce station for the man who had carrie
the rope up.
"When the ladder arrived it was found to
be too short, and Melluish in his despera
tion appeared. Bill Sykes like, on the win
dow ledge where the rope's en i was, and
there in midair posed for a brief space Le
fore his fellow citizens as a criminal
-ready for the gullett of the expectant
prison. Then he cut short that pleasant
experience and grabbed the rope to make
a descent. He was not a sailor' and down
he came as if the hempen string had been
a greased pole. The skin was well off his
palms and his trousers legs were worn
through when he reached the sidewalk,
and. the policemen instead of taking him
to Jail had to protect him from tne throng
that was eager to capture him.
By this time the Market street cars were
stopped, and a half-dozen new arrivals got
hold of Mullen and wanted to take him to
a point of vantage, where he could get a
good shot at the "burglar." The police
man declared that the man was no bur
glar, but this did not allay the excitement,
and the members of the constantly grow
ing throng prepared to aid the officer in
the capture when the human quarry
should finally be forced from Its place of
retreat.
HERBERT S. MELLUISH, with
the Simonds Saw Company,
will not forget his experience
last Friday night. For that
matter neither will Policeman
W. Mullen.
Melluish was engaged on a very deli
cate piece of work on the third story of
the factory, and so absorbed was he that
when the 5 o'clock whistle blew he failed
to hear. On worked the enthusiast, and
the heads of the various department* went
home one by one. Finally the place was
locked up for the night, and Melluish still
worked on. Suddenly he began to get
hungry, and taking out his watch discov
ered it was 6 o'clock.
One glance at the time was enough for
Melluish, and he at once, got into his coat
and raced down stairs. All the doors were
locked, and the workman could not find
even a window by which to make his es
cape. Then he bethought him of the tel
ephone, and at once rang: up the manager
of the company. But the manager was
not at home. Neither were any of the
heads of the departments. Then he rang
up a relative, and the relative went to the
police station. Policeman Mullen was
sent to the scene and then the fun began.
The suspect denied all knowledge of Lho
robbery- Bache then visited the home of
Duckgeishal's parents, on Hickory avenue.
and demanded the stolen goods. They
were not forthcoming, but a search soon
brought to light one or two of the arti
cles and they then admitted they had
the balance. Duckgelshal had distributed
the jewelry among his relatives. Some of
It was found burled Jn flower pots and
other secretive places. All bu^ one or two
pieces of minor value were recovered.
r>uckce!shal was yesterday brought here
from San FYanclsco to answer for the
robbery. He implicates Hoffman, who, ne
Fays, told him of the jewelry, admitted
him to the hou*e and showed him where
the valuables were kept. For this Hoff
man was to receive an equal division of
the booty. Hoffman has been arrested for
complicity.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 10.— One thousand dol
lars' worth of gold Jewelry and diamonds
etolan from the residence of S. F. Leil>
on the Alamefia October 20 was recovered
In San Francisco to-day and Eddie Duck
gelshal was arrested there and charged
with the burglary. The jewelry was car
ried away from the Lelb home early in
the evening, when the family was at
home, and suspicion at once fell on
Georg-e Hoffman, a man employed about
the place. He denied knowledge of the
theft, but paid that Duckgeishal had been
about the Leib home. After several trips
to San Francisco Deouty Sheriff Bache
found J>uckgeiPhal last night employed in
a restaurant there and placed him under
arrest.
EreclaJ IMspatch to The Call.
Jewels Stolen From the Leib
Residence Fonnd in San
Francisco.
Si JOSE THIEF
LANDS IN PRISON
The little fellow was In the kitchen,
when he noticed the teakettle boiling
away upon the 6tove Jn a merry manner#
r?mEL W ? 8 a 1( l ns> bri S ht thread of steam
?b* 1 " 0 " 1 . 1 ? 6 ./? 01 " of tne kettle, and
™~ ch " d watched it with great curiosity.
T -hL^ e i Ue I*? 5 awa >' and the steam
whistled, and ittle Leo wanted to know
what it was all about.
mr,^ en » *? ls motller the room for a
moment Leo pushed a chair up in front
H^«fi«- StO « V i** a r d «»mbin ? upon it found
himself right in front of the whistling
steam. The little mouth went down over
Pno,,!E° U ) .°J the k - ttle and he inhaled
enough of the steam to cause death after
a day a agony.
n<W, e fXSZ^l took pIace yesterday after
noon from the parents' home, and there
fJTJnrti 11 */ 1 ?.. exp £ esslons of 8Or r° w from
friends at the ead and unusual accident.
LIVERMORE. Nov. 10.— Little Leo Bea
zell, the three-year-old child of A. G. Bea
zell of this city, died yesterday from in
haling: steam from a. teakettle. The acci
dent was most unusual and occurred in a
most peculiar manner
Livermore Child Meets Death
in a Most Peculiar
Mariner.
PUT HIS MOUTH
OVEH A KETTLE
MISS KMXA STOBR, ELECTED
CAPTAI2T OP THE BASKET
BALL. TEAM.
When Mullen got to the store he saw-
Melluish watching ¦ him from the second
story window. He beckoned to him, and
that attracted the attention of some
passers"-by. "It's a burglar," said \ one.
"The place is on fire," said another, while
a third insisted "It's an escaped lunatic."
Then all began to advise the policeman,
and while the talk went on the crowd
grew. Soon there were 500 people on the
sidewalk, ami these numbers soon grew to
1000. and Mullen had to send for assistance
to get the crowd to move on.
While a ladder was being: procured to
get Melluish from the second story to the
ground a sailor iynned O. Olson came
along and volunteered to take a rope up
the water pipe to the tire escape. He went*
up the piece of piping like a professional
but Melluish would not trust himself to
the rope. Then the crowd began joking
Olson about his broken English and called
Herbert Melluish Will Not Forget His Escape
From the Second Story of the Simonds
Building for Many a Long Day.
LOCKED UP IN STORE, HE IS
MISTAKEN FOR BAD BURGLAR
BERKELEY, Nov. lO.-The Uni
versity of California basket
baH team will commence prac
tice In an open court after Jan
uary 1. This will be the first
time the young: ladies of the State Uni
versity- have ever played outside of - a
building. The court will, however, be
Inclosed by a 12-foot board fence. :
Mrs. Phebe A. Hearst, who has taken
such an active interest in the athletic
sports of the women students, has set
aside $1000 with which to construct the
court. It will be the best that can be
built. The grounds will be 15o feet long
by about 100 feet wide. Seats will be ar
ranged on the sides. Work of preparing:
the court will commence soon, and It will
be ready for occupancy by the first of
the year.
The young ladies have reorganized their
basket ball team preparatory for future
work. Miss Emma Stoer has been elect
ed captain and .Miss Ethel Catton man
ager. Next Monday the young- ladles
will meet in the gymnasium to make ar
rangements for games, both Interclass and
with outside teams. Some practicing has
been done this term, but no regular games
have been played.
Although the court will be in the open,
the old rule excluding masculine eyes
from all games will be enforced.
Work Will Be- Begun at
Once and Grounds Will
Soon Be Readu.
Innovation Is MiSe Possible Through the
Generosft of Mrs. Hearst.
CO-ED BASKET BAIL TEAM IS TO HAYE
A NEW OUT-DOOR COURT AT BERKELEY
REY. P. S. CASEY TO RESUME HIS
DUTIES AS RECTOR OF ST. PETER'S
Rev. Father Peter C. Yorke Is Now Acting
Rector of the Influential Church,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 11, 1900.
REV. P. S. CASEY. RECTOR OF ST. PETER'S CHURCH. WHO WILL, RE
TURN IN JANUARY TO THE POST WHICH WAS ASSIGNED TO REV.
PETER C. YORKE FOR A YEAR.
33
t? (• Q ?* •>•
a s 9 r ?
COMPETITORS. % e - g :
a ?. j I ;
R. V. Watt CO 57 117 IS 102
L. B. Edwards 60 66 116 13 103
J. S. Severance 53 59 112 6 10fi
Captain H. Rumbaugh... 51 69 110 3 107
W. Gregory 5-4 55 103 • 110
Major C. Chrlstensen....|,73 65 137 14 123
•Plus 1.
t? (• Q ?* •>•
a s 9 r ?
COMPETITORS. % e - g :
a ?. j I ;
R. V. Watt CO 57 117 IS 102
L. B. Edwards 60 66 116 13 103
J. S. Severance 53 59 112 6 10fi
Captain H. Rumbaugh... 51 69 110 3 107
W. Gregory 5-4 55 103 • 110
Major C. Chrlstensen....|,73 65 137 14 123
•Plus 1.Order of Chosen Friends.
Grand Recorder Wallis paid - a visit ¦ to
Washington • last Wednesday
night and gave the membership an inter
esting and instructive talk on the good of
the .order." ' ' .
Supreme . Treasurer .W; B. WJlson died
In Newark, N. J., on the 31st of October
of apoplexy. His funeral _took place on
the 2d inst. and was held, at 8 o clock In
the • evening. '•¦ Past Grand Supreme Trus
tee Nelson B. Ktllmer of Brooklyn. N. T.,
has, been appointed to fill tho vacancy.
. Several prominent members of the order
were lucky winners In the election last
Tuesday. Three of them have been
chosen for the Legislature.
Darina'^s Social Evening. ;
The entertainment that was given nn
the night of the 2d inst. In Franklin Hall !
by Darina Parlor, N. D. G. W., the parlor
of beautiful girls of the Western Addi
tion, was a most successful function that !
was attended by a great number of the
friends of the membership. The commit
tee of arrangements, composed of Frances
At Edwards, Kathryn McGough, Lucle E.
Hammersmith and Emma Marks, offered
for the entertainment of the members and
the guests a programme made up of the
following numbers: Instrumental selec
tions by Darlna's orchestra; vocal solos
!?£ w - Moore. Harry Wood* -Brown and
Miss Millie Flynn; Tecitation, Mrs. M.
Gallagher; Hungarian rhapsodies (orig
inal), A. Ii. Artigues; fancy dance. Miss:
Helen Stewart: humor by Billy Hvnes;
"The Blacksmith" by Mrs. Jakcn and spe
cialties by George Hammersmith. This
was followed by a programme of ten
(lances with two extras, George Hammer.
rmith being the floor manager and James
McGough. Leonard Stone and H. F. Ed- !
wards his assistants. The . parlor has
arranged for a most enjoyable "at home"
on the night of the first" Monday in De- !
cember. This parlor, which is still young. I
has made wonderful progress since It has
been Instituted and is remarkable for the
number of beautiful ¦ Indies in Its mem
bership. This has gained for it the sub
rmmoof "parlor of beautiful girl* of the
Western Addition," and that has given
rise to considerable discussion.' there be
ing a number of the local parlors which
claim that each is entitled to the name of
"parlor of beautiful girls." While that is
not disputed, for there are many hand-
Fome girls in the local parlors, the fact
is patent that Darina is justly entitled
to the name that has. been bestowed
upon it.
. Native Sons
Grand Secretary Lunstedt and Grand
Treasurer Martin have returned from
their northern tour of visitations to par
lors and they declare that while it was
pleasant to be with the parlors, each re
ceiving them with a most cordial welcome,
traveling is not. at this season, what
it Is cracked up to be.
Grand Trustee W. D. Shea left la<i:
Tuesday on a tour of visitation to the
parlors of Shasta. Trinity, Sisklyou, Napa
and Lake counties.
The committee on good of the order of
Stanford Parlor has almost completed its
arrangements for the great burlesque cir
cus, which will open in the banquet hall
of the Native Sons' building on tne night
of the 26th Inst. It promises to be ths
moBt mlrth-provoklnfr affair that this en
terprising parlor has ever presented to
Its friends.,
The nomination of officers and their
election for the ensuing • term Is ' now oc
cupying the attention of the members
throughout the State. . V V; ;;
FRATERNAX SOCIETIES.
And then h«r bow! — It Is none of your deprs
catlve courtseys. none of your chilly nods, but
a great nweep that begins, strangely enough,
with a proud backward exaltation of her lofty
head, and thence a long curve almost to the
ground in tn* old grand manner, hand oa
heart. It Is like some Titanic bravura of
Liszt's, with a majestic upward arpeggio, fol
lowed by a thrilling, mighty cadenxa down
ward to the depths.
One's "vice of criticism" suggests vari
ous and extended comment here, but I
will content myself with wishing that I
also, like Mr. Hughes, were In the strange
confidence of these personages that "you
almost never see on earth," and I hops
some day to hear the "Lorelei who sings
wildly well from a great height" (in Im
pertinent imitation of Israfel. who la sup
posed to have a monopoly of the accoa*.
plishmenty. Instead of respectably croon-
Ing her syren songs from the sunny
depths of the blue and sparkling Rhine!
This young woman is one of the personages
you read of In books and almost never aea on
earth. She la fairly magntflcent with beauty
tall as a deml-god (six foot two and over*
statisticians aver), yet lithe and graceful and
canonlcally nymmetered. Her fine, high haal
ls carried right royally, and her eyes are as full
of dreams as her voice is dewy with tears.
In her you see Brentano's legend Incarnate
and returned. Phe ls th<» very Lorelei, slnginy
wildly well from a great height. She- ha» not
the "goldenes Haar" of Heine a lyric, but black
hair swirled In studious neglect about her glo>
rlous head.
Once in a long, long while, there looms vr%
before those whose trade— or rice — ls crttlol^ra.
a personality so splendidly endowed, bo uplifted
above even thoso on the heights of art. that
th« ordinary practices of their crhlci«ia appear
for the nonce, all pettiness and Impertinence
The newcome contralto. Miss Clara Butt, is
¦uch a personality. Hearing her. one wishes
only to thank Ood for her. to hear her as often
»¦¦» can tof, . and to herd up humanity wltbla
hearing distance of her.
The matinee man In print (If he be not
a girl in this instance, which. I should,
scare care to wager) Is of too unusual va
riety to be left blooming alone, and when,
he is found in thi3 archetypal perfection
the gentleman of the tropical imagination,
perfervld pen and gaudy vocabulary ha
ls fully worthy of such limited immortal
ity as we of the far West Joyfully bestow.
Ssaya Mr. Hughes:
There are fifty-five players In the band
and they are announced as "all soloists."
The .Passionate Paragrapher la thrllUns;
again, this time with ifisa Clara Butt, tha
great English contralto, as target for his
calligraphic ardor. The particular speci
men in question Is signed by Rupert
Hughes, who plucks his passionate heart
strings*—Apollo fashion — to make a weekly
ecstacy for the New York Criterion,
which may the gotls preserve for our fu
ture delight!
"Hearts an4 Flowers."
Epllogrue ; "Meflstofele"
iFirst time her».)
EVEXISC-
March 'Teasing Heart*"
Overture "F«t"
Harp goto Signer Sattra
Trumpet solo "Inftaminatua"
IV Act "La, Traviata."
Overture "Barber of S«vUI»'*
Tenor solo .....Sljnor Glannlnl
ta» "Summer Night's Frolic"
<t» "Bizzaria Polka."
Act II, "La Glaconda."
The eighth festival of the Vested Choir
Association of San Francisco and vicinity
will be held on Thursday evening. No
vember 15, at St. Luke's Church. San
Francisco, admission being by ticket,
which may be obtained from the choir
masters of the choirs participating. Seven
choirs will take part, viz.: St. Luke's. St.
John's. Church of the Advent and Good
Samaritan of San Francisco, Christ
In some regards this musician in minia
ture is the most wonderful of all the won
der children, not even excepting Paloma
Schramm, and like her even her faults
lean to virtue's side. Little Knid has not
the unusual beauty of tone, the gracious
and poetic interpretation of her charming
little rival, nor ao»s she show the creative
faculty to anything like the same high
extent: but her technique, from the purely
mechanical standpoint, Is even now much
more brilliant and Comprehensive, and
her repertoire is practically unlimited.
The faculty nf absolute pitch both chil
dren share in common, and it will be pro
foundly interesting to watch the relative
development of. these two radically differ
ent and yet equally strongly marked tem
peraments.
Thursday's programme included two
Cramer etudes given with a delightful,
crisp clearness; the E flat Nocturne of
Chopin, admirable from a technical stand
point, but singularly unromantic in ren
dering and a brilliant if somewhat unus
ual reading of the "Harmonious Black-
Saturday's programme Included perhaps
the most astonishing performance in lft
tle Enid's repertoire, the Mendelssohn
"Rondo Capriccioso." and one can only
look In amaze as the little thing gives out
the difficult phrases, runs, octaves and
arpeggios with a mature power and large
grasp that would do ample credit to a mu
sician thrice her age.
Mr. and Mrs. Noah Brandt, themselves
well-known musicians In San Francisco,
are to be congratulated on the possession
of an undoubted genius in their little
daughter, and to Mrs. Brandt is due the
considerable credit of her musical educa
tion up to date. ...
The debut and recital appearances of
little Enid Brandt are now past history
in musical annals, but the eight-year-old
wonder child will be long remembered by
every member of each of her audiences.
The Damrosch recitals of Monday and
Wednesday last, on the third and final
numbers .of .the "Ring." "Siegfried" and
"Die Gotterdammerung," were even more
interesting and more enjoyable than the
preceding lectures, as one became accus
tomed to the peculiar timbre of the lec
turer's voice. Mr. Damrosch ls In keenest
sympathy with his subject, and has a
broad and comprehensive grasp of the ele
mental and eternal philosophy around
which Wagner has woven the heroic ro
mance of the "Ring," and a subtle and
delicate appreciation of Its magnificent
poetry. It goes without saying that those
fortunate enough to have heard this
course of lectures will find their first
hearing of the "Ring" infinitely more
pleasurable. ,
At the California Theater the Royal
Marine Band of Italy will begin a two
weoks' engagement this afternoon. The
afternoon and evening programmes run
as follows:
AFTERNOON-
March The Itoyal Marine Band
Overture "William Tell"
Harp solo Slgnor Setaro
"Albumblatt."
"Trcvatore."
Act II. "Balln In Maschera."
Tenor solo F. Glannlnl
The Saturday Morning Orchestra Is
again hard at work under the distin
guished direction of Mr. Oscar Well. The
young ladies are taking things musical
from a serious standpoint this season.
Bach (Sarabande. Prelude and Fugue).
Schumann. Gade (Aquarellen), being
among the composers under Immediate
consideration. The useful art of sight
reading finds much place In these pleas
ant morning rehearsals and it is ap
parently Mr. Weil's wise intent to aim for
a broad and immediate grasp of the. move
ments studied.- rather than an analytic
and detailed course of work.
A decided acquisition In violin circles ls
Theorfore Bereslna. the new director of
the Palace Hotel Orchestra, who will act
as conductor of the Palace force to-mor
row.
Mr. Bereslna is a native of Vienna,
where he received his musical education.
Joseph Hellmesberger. S. E. Grun and
Jacob Dont. the famous violinist, are the
masters who have Importantly Influenced
the artist.- and -critics characterize his
style as "of the romantic order, with a
fine and sympahetlc tone., an admirable
technique and an Intelligent interpreta
tion."
Ampng Mr. Bcresina'a professional ex
periences have been the concertmeister
ship of the Bruenn Stadttheater, the peti
tion of concertmelster of the Chicago
Symphony Orchestra, and a several years'
membership of the Boston Symphony
and the Theodore Thomas orchestras.
Church. Alameda; St. John's, Oakland,
and St. Mark's. Berkeley.
The festival will be under the direction
of Wallace A. Sabin, organist of St.
Luke's Church and the Temple Emanuel.
Mr. Sabin is a graduate of Oxford Uni
versity, England, and a fellow of the
Royal College of Organists, and has con
ducted the previous four festivals with
unfailing- 'success. The programme for
the evenlngr is as follows:
Processional hymns, 306 and 197: Choral Ser
vice (Tallle), Psalter. 20th selection: psalms
14S. H9 and 150. sung to chants by Jamea Turle.
Dr. Rlmbault and P. Humphreys; magnificat
and nunc dlmlttls In E flat. C. H. Lloyd.
Anthems— "O Taste and Set? How Gracious
the Lord Is,"' Sir Arthur Sullivan; "The Lord
Is Great in Zlon." W. T. Best; "O Lord Our
Oovercor," Gadsby; Recessional hymns, W and
414.
Harvey Loy will preside ¦ at the organ
and will play for the prelude Andante,
from the seventh sonata, J. Rheinberger;
Postlude, Schiller; March, Meyerbeer-
Best.
The Bishop of the diocese. Dr. Xlchols.
and Rev. Fred W. Clampett. rector of
Trinity Church, will deliver the addresses.
STRAINS AND NOTES FROM WORLD OF MUSIC
rnmento streets. Mr. and Mrs.- Cooper
will, for the present, make their home in
Monterey.
The wedding of Miss Jennie Cook to
Jacob S. Meyer took place on Sunday,
October 2S, at the residence of the bride's"
parents, S33A Jackson street. Mr. and
Mrs. Meyer have returned from their
honeymoon and are now residing at 455
Gough street.
Wadsworth R. Bradstreet of San Fran
risco and Miss Lillie Pontius of Devils
Lake were united in marriage at the Pres
byterian parsonage la#t Sturdav afternoon
by Rev. J. M. Waddle. The bride has been
a teacher In the Lee School, northeast of
towai. the past summer, and Is one of
Devils Lake's charming young ladies.
The groom is a prosperous young business
man of San Francisco, where the young
people will go in th? future to resile
permanently. The newly married couple
have the best wishes of a host of friends
fur their future success and happiness.
Home Gatherings.
A delightful HaHoween party was given
by Miss Hazel Schad and Miss Rena King
to their friends on last Thursday evening
at ll» s Elgin Park. Among those present
¦were: Miss Xorma D-jbson, Miss Kcna
King, Miss Hazel Schad, Miss Rosemau
tineu. Hiss Maicclla Sneil. Miss Marcella
Williams, Miss Beita Bannam, Miss
Chrissie Thomson. Miss Grade Byan,
Miss Irene Clark. Miss Flostina Kins,
Miss Ella Murphy, Miss Alma Schad, Mitfj
Pearl Samuels, Miss Gracie Murphy, Ar
thur Samuel, Alexander Sloss, Kenntth
Sloss, Fred Mullen, Goodlng Grant, Cirel
Lapel, Hugh Bray, Dick xOdon, Charles
CJreif, Joe King, Krancls O'Brien, Joe
O'Brien, Elender Meirltt, Walter Bar.
nam. '
At the residence of Mrs. John Pettee,
2&J5 Leaverworth street, the directors and
members of the Universal Extension So
ciety were tendered an elaborate recep
tion by Mrs. Pettee. The grounds were
lightea by Chinese lanterns and the in
terior* was decorated with roses, violets
and chrysanthemums. 1'iano solos nvn
given Mips May Pettee and MS. s t5(?« .:i :
Gehrds, vocal solos by iiisn .M.rad Pctiee
and recitations by Otio kyBt Jr. Dancing
was also Uidulgeu in. The oaicers oi ilie
society are: \irs. Pettee. president, and
William G. Badger. Mrs. Wlndrom, B. A.
Lee, Otto Ryst Jr.. Jamea Miller and
John Ferry, directors. Among the guests
were: Mrs. John Pettee. Mrs. Genrels,
Miss Goldecke. Miss Maud Pettee. Miss
Emllie Rytt. Miss Esteile Thompson,
Miss May Pettee. Miss Bertha Gehrels,
Miss Lillian Gehrcls, Miss Martha Lee,
Miss Frey. Miss Homer, Mi.-s.- Foster,
Miss Eldridge. Mi>s Knight. Miss Birds*
ail. Miss Mulvey. Mixs L»ubretiield, Miss
A. Dubretrteld. Miss L. Carter, Miss Tern
pleton. Miss Lillie Hudson, Mrs. King,
Miss Elsie Simon. Miss Olive Simon,
Messrs. Otto Ryst Jr., Sidney Foster.
Bert Eldridge. Clarence Freed. H'ri. E. A.
Lee. R. A. Lee. Dorr. Drum. Julie, Wln
drom. James Miller. A. Wlndrom. Laily,
Graves. John Ferry and many others. !
Nathan Lowensteln entertained a num
ber of his friends at his home. 1012 Jack
son street. 1 last Sunday evening. The fol
lowing grentlemen were present; Joseph
Pearl. Julius Kahn, E. C. Snelder. Fred
Hesslon, Albert Steiner, Joseph Lowen
stein, George Blair, W. Sherwood, L Ma
ginnes. R. Swain. J. Ramon. D. Lowen
stein and Nathim Lowensteln.
Mrs. H. Rlcketson gave a reception on
Friday evening. November 2. in honor of
her daughter. Miss Helen Rlcketson. The
bride-elect was charmingly gowned in the
wedding dress of her grandmother. The
following friends and relatives enjoyed
Mrs. Rlcketson's hosptality: Mrs. B. W.
Harris, Aldrich S. Harris, Mr. and Mrs.
Charles R. Hooper. Clyde Hooper. Mrs.
G. B. Smith, Arthur E. Smith. Mr. and
Mrs. Jesse G. Silvorstein. Mrs. Lillie
Klnnzel, Mrs. Clark, the Misses Alberta
Smiley, Ethel Bennett. Daisy Riley. Josie
Crawford, Ernestine Kinnzel. Miss Bar
nett, Mae Mitchell. Messrs. C. A. Shenk.
D. C. Ringle. Phil Simon. Alex Gordan. M.
Isaac. Charles S. Bonnett. J. Lemon. D.
Hutchinss George VV. Sells and others.
Miss Rlcketson left on • Saturday for
Fresno, where she will become the wife
of Mr.Dorsey Luttrel. a well-known resi
dent of that city.
An enjoyable surprise party was Riven
to Miss Frieda Levy at her residence. 611
Octavia street, last Sunday evening.
Dancing and music were enjoyed, and at
midnight the guests partook of a bounti
ful supper. Those present were: Miss
Frieda Levy. Miss Estella I^andman. Miss
Gussie Hur"h. Ml?s Jennie Levy, Miss
Sarah Hyman, MIes L. Gensler, Miss Rose
Shatz. Miss Birdie Hyman. Miss Beatrice
Hursh. Miss Fannie Levy. Miss Minnie;
Yoel. Martin Felix. Lewie Levy. William
Fabaln. Henry Hyman. Samuel Trenk.'
Leon Levy, Charles Glick. Sol Ancker,
Samuel Block. Lewis Shartz'. M. Levy, R.
M^yer. G. Gensler, Mr. and Mrs. Joel, Mr.
and Mrs. J. Levy. Mrs. J. Hyman. Mrs. 1
H. Levy, Mr. and Mrs. Leophold and Mrs.
M. Len>l8h.
A surprise party was tendered to Albert
C. Posener by his friends at the residence
of his parents. 510 Hyde street, Saturday
evening. November 3. The parlors and'
dining- room were artistically decorated
with flowers. The evening was spent In
music, singing, recitations, games and
dancing. The following were present: Mr.
and Mrs. H. Posener. Mr. and Mrs. Levin.
Mrs. A. Leszynsky. Miss C. Plaut, Albert
C Posener. Miss Juliet Posener, Miss
Leone Posener, Louis L. Michaels, Albert
H. Rosenshlne, David Monasch, Daniel
Kragen. Miss Hilda Schlesinger, Miss
Bertha Rinaldo, George Franklin, Miss
Martha Franklin. Milton Badt. Julius
Sahlein. Miss Pearl Sahlein. William S.
Wollner, Henry Zekind, Walter Lewis.
Harry Jacobson. Jesse Behrens, Miss
Anna Packert. Miss Louise Levy, Miss
Viola Levy. Miss Maybelle Magner, Miss
Ray G. Splro. Miss Lillie Dallman, Isidor
Levenson. Mies Estelle R. Levenson. Miss
Rose Edwards. Miss Flora Edwards, Miss
Ro*<? KaTIsky, Nate Friedman, Bud,
Michaels. Milton Speier. Miss Rose Fran
kel, Walter Jacobs, Herbert M. Levy,
Miss Stella Leszynsky. Miss Josle Loszyn-'
sky, David Rinaldo and Mel Manassee.
On Wednesday, the 7th inst., at their
residence. 561 Fifth street. Oakland. Mr.
and Mrs. Michael Flynn celebrated their
china wedding. The presents to the happy
pair were numerous and appropriate.
Tho?e present were: Mr. and Mrs. Jamas
McManus. Mr. and Mrs. Carroll, MIfs
Carroll. Mrs. John Ryan. Miss Hardl
man. Miss QulRley. Miss /Maloy, H. P.
Filjfate and Edward Carroll. Music was
furnished by Professor Thomas Forde
and Master C. Ryan.
A very successful surprise party was' 1
tendered to Mrs. Jennie LIppl. 3863 Twen
ty-third street, in honor, of her birthday.
The entire residence was beautifully dec
orated with choice flowers, bunting and
Japanese lanterns and the evening was
spent with singing, dancing, music and
rallies. At midnight the guests sat down
to an excellent supper. Chace Llppi acted
as toastmaster. Mrf=. LIppl was the re
cipient of many valuable presents.* Those
present were: Mrs. J. Lippi, Mrs. A. Lip
pi. Mrs. William Reese. Mrs. T. Fernan
dez. Mrs. D. H. Birdsell, Mrs. XV. Clma,
Mrs. Anderson, Mrs. Kelson,- .Mrs. W.
O'Brien. Mrs. Ubhous. Mrs. L. Wester
lun, Mrs. Hedquist. Miss Clara Schawer,
MJss Eda Schutz, Miss M. Sprung, Mlsa
II. Sprung. Miss Annie Reichart. Miss
Hilda LIppl. Miss Laura Moser. Miss El
sie Davidson, Miss Llllie Walkmeistcr
Miss Litska Walkmeisler. Miss Alfreda
Peterson. Miss Zenie Fernandez. Miss Vic
toria Fernandez. Miss Josie Fernandez.
Mies Lillian Wallace. Miss Edna Scbwer
Chace LIppl, Alex Lippl, L, Westerlun.
W. Hedquist, Alfonso Fernandez, Walter
Shine. Arthur Golly, T. Cunningham. Os
car Krauee. Peter Wise, John O'Leary
James O'Leary, J. Walkmelster. Charles
Chalman; J. McKenna, J. O. Danerfelzer,
G. Esola, Master Eddy Fernandez and Joe
Lippi.
Miss Alleen Parrett of 1916 Golden Gate
avenue entertained a., number of be
friends on the evening of Halloween on
the occasion of her thirteenth birthday.
During the evening Halloween games
were Indulged in and song8 wero
given by Harold and Marie Forman, Tom
and Alleen Parrett and Walter Wenzel*
fancy dancing by Misi Evelyn Wolfe and
Dorothy Ross. Miss Alleen received many
handsome presents from her little friends.
Among those present were Mr. and Mrs
R. Wenzel. J. E. Barrett, Mrs. Dr. G E
Muller, A. Rich, Mrs. L. F. Nunan, Miss
Alleen Parrett. Misses Dorothy and Mat:
•gie Ross, Misses Bessie and Anna Cully
Miss Florena Braverman, Miss Gladys
Sherwood. Miss Ellen Heath. Miss Evelyn
Wolfe. Mlsn Bethel Miller. Miss Amy
Rochester, Miss Marie Forman. Miss El
ma Cohn, Miss Alma Elsenbrood. Mies
Jessie Clyde, Tom Parrett, Carroll
Rochester Harold Forman, Arthur Bur
lingame, Charlie Bliss. Joe Cohn, Robert
Moore. Clarence Amye. Walter Wenzel.
Robert Clyde and Frankle BressL
Club Parties.
The First Friday Cotillon' opened the
present season with an assembly and ger
man last Friday evening In Golden Gate
Hall, which was the best attended of any
function the club has ever given. The
stage, hall, corridors and entrance way
The marriage of Miss Mabel Ellsworth
Greene, elder daughter of Juiige W.
E. Greene of Oakland, to J. B. R. Cooper
• ¦f Monterey and San Francisco, son of
Mrs. J. B. H. Cooper of San Francisco,
was solemnized on Thursday last. The
wedding was a quiet one. owing to the
groom's family being In mourning for his
father, the late J. B. H. Cooper,
and only the immediate relatives of both
families were present. To enable
fome of the relatives to be pres
ent who otherwise would not have
been &ble to do so. the ceremony
took place at the home of the groom's
mother at the corner of Octavia and Sac-
Wedding Bells.
The fncapement ls announced of Mi«s
Belle Monasch. daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
H. Monarch. 422 Golden Gate avenue, to
Abe L. Friedman.
Mr. and Mrs. Julius Levy announce the
piipapemoni of their daughter Henrietta
to Dr. Joseph A. Silverman. They will be
at home at ir>22 O'Farrell street this' even
ing.
Mr. and Mrs. Simon Baruch announce the
fnpacement of ihpir daughter Carolyn to
Sol Schweitzer. At home, 657 Harrison
this afternoon, from 2 to 5.
The engagement ls announced of Miss
Thalie Levy and Dr. Edwin A. Clay.
They're Engaged.
j --fHERE has been a social lull
* ~~? | for the past two or three
(I \ weeks, the calm before the
(V I preat social event of the year—
\^*"— •""/ the prand opera season. The
"^ stores are gay with pretty
thlr.g? for prrtty ¦ women
and society lias been shopping indus
iriously for the past month In a perfect
nvcl of furs, chiffons, gorgeous em
broideries. Filken things, "dreams" in
velvet, "poems" in plush and the rest of
it. And what a s;ight of sights the
Grand Opera-house will be this week to
be sure!
Not that the opera will absorb atten
tion to the exclusion of evep-thing else.
'rr.+ niembors of lhe Entre Nous Cotillon
•will give i heir second assembly and ger
:n.-'n on Friday evening next at the Pal
ace Hotel. Several new and pretty fig
ures of the germ an will be introduced
and the affair will certainly be one of the
t^wellest and pl.casantest functions of the
wpek.
Tht San Francisco Verein has been
fortunate rnough to secure Madame
Gadski. th*; famous prima donna, for an
evening at their club on Saturday next.
A banquet and dance will follow and the
club must be congratulated on the good
time coming.
Not a few San Francisco guests were
pre*=fr:t at the weddinp of Miss Jean
Mary Hush, daughter of Valentine Hush
<:t Fruitvalp, and Frank Richardson
WpIIs. which took* place on Wednesday
last at the home of the bride's parents.
Miss Hush is cr.e of Oakland's most
popular girls and a brilliant amateur
\iulinist. •
The members of California Council No.
1, Daughters of Liberty, gave a surprise
party to MIbs Laura Cantu«, Saturday
evening In Eastern Hair. Shicls building,
32 O'Farrell street. The following nanied
friends were present: Mr. and Mrs. Ham
berger, Mr. and Mrs. Cobby. Mr. and Mrs.
Klemm. Mr. and Mrs. G. Fletcher, Mrs.
"Whltten. Mrs. "F. W. Williams. Mrs.
Christensen, Mrs. Anna Rotter, Mrs.
Glard, Mrs. H. Schmidt, Mrs. Dodge. Mrs.
Ewlng. Mrs. J. Adams, Miss I. Beach.
Miss A. -Dennis. Miss E. Wolff. Miss A.
Cardozo.Mlss Lizzie Cantus, Miss Emma
Camus, Miss Laura Cantus, Miss . .R.
Hamberger, Miss M. Nolte, Miss E. Craw
ford, Miss N. McCullough, MlssE. Lewis,
Miss A. Mclntire, Miss D. Schmidt, Miss
M, Schmidt, Miss M. Sproul, Miss C.
Sproul, Miss Wunmer, Mrs. Werner
Lavin. Fred S. Cheslee, M. Puckhaber,
C. Potter. G. Little, H. Woennliig, W.
Miss Lottie Maler delightfully enter
tained "Ye Merrle Whlsters" at her home
on Monday evening; Six games of whist
were played, the first prize being won by
Miss Edna Thode and Dr. Von der Lieth
while Mrs. \V. Hoffman and H. Wlndt
captured the consolation favors. »A flute
solo by Miss'C. Ernst was enjoyed, after
which a tempting -sunper was discussed
Dancing followed.' Those present were-
Miss E. Thode, Dr. L. R. Gambetz Miss
C. Ernst. Dr. J. C. Stinson, Miss C
Campe, Harry Kennedy, Miss S. Meyer,
William Hess, Miss ,B. -I* Gambitz j'
Kline', Miss T. Meyer, Mr. Lester. Miss
Faith Gambitz. Dr. Von der Lleth Miss
Mohr. Dr. C. B. Root, Miss L. Maler A
Windt, Mr. and Mrs. W. Hoffman. Ml«>s
F. Katz, H. Windt.
TSxc members of the Sine Cura Club
celebrated Its third anniversary with a
banquet in the parlors of the California
Hotel on the evening of October 28. Tho
table was very t.astefu)ly decorated with
Bridesmaid and American Beauty roses,
smilax and carnations. Losengruen's
Orchestra rendered several classic selec
tions, after which an excellent pro
gramme, during which all present par
ticipated, was enjoyed. The club was
organized three years ago with a limited
membership of eighteen .members, which
exclusive rule has been ftriotly adhered
to, as all but two of the original members
are still in the club. Those present were.
President J6seph A. Kendrick; Vice
President Loretto M. I^ahaney, Secretary
Margaret E. McCarthy. . Treasurer Julia
A. Kenefick, Mary R. Keneflck, Margaret
Collum. Frances Gaughran, Agnes C.
Kendrick, Edna O'Noil. John O'Brien.
Benjamin Crawford, Thomas F. Delury,
Franklin P. Bray and George F. Welch.
The second assembly and german of the
lC<00 Cotillon Club took place at Sherman-
Clay Hall on Frldayevening, November 2.
The german was led by Perl A. Young
who introduced a triangular figure.
Among those in the first set were Ralph
E. Drummond, Bernard P. Oleason, Will
Schord. Robert Schord, Paul de Los. Jo
seph D. Lavln, Robert Gleason, Herbert
Martin, Bruce Large. Louis Forner
Frank E. Young. Robert Marshall
Charley Wells, Carl Smith. Miss Weiner'
Miss Daisy Pabat, Laura Weiner, Blanche
Flowers, Estella Flowers, Grace Hes««el
tine. Ada McDowell, Mae Schurr, Grace
Lammy. Anna Flowers, Lily Enquist and
Carrie Ridgeway.
A social will be given by, the friends of
fhe Golden Gate Verein this evening at
Union Square Hall. 421 Post street..
Invitations are out for the annual mili
tary ball of Company E>. First Regiment.
League of the Cross Cadets, which will
lake place on Friday evening, November
36, at Native Sons' Hall. Admission will
be by card only and a limited number of
invitations have been issued. The mem
bers of the company and all military
organizations will appear in uniform. The
affair will be strictly evening dress and
one of the swcllcst functions under cadet
auppicea.
were tastefully decorated with palms and
evergreens. Two figures of the gerraan
were danced, the "Contest for the Fairies
and the 'Brigands Kidnaping the Maid
ens." Both figures wero directed by
James G. Jones, the leaders being A. C.
Cooper and Miss Mae H. Snyder, D. H.
McNeil and Miss Nina Jean Cook. Among
those taking part were: A. C. Cooper,
Miss Mae H. Snyder. D. H. McNeil, Miss
Nln.i J«an Cook. Gora'.d S. Whitley. Miss
Mattie M. Holbrook, Dr. M. K. -Clarke.
Miss Nita Macmillan. Kenneth Matheson,
Miss Eva NS'alcom, George C. Humphreys
of Oakland. Miss Edith Macdougall. G.
Mansfield, Miss Marie Sorbier. Dr. A. Mc-
Fayden, Miss Mabel Macmillan, Percy R.
Mott of Oakland, Miss Josephine Brock of
Oakland, Mark Lennon, Miss Ora Lam
bert. Arthur J. Schuster. Miss Mollie
O'Brien, G. L. Sobey of Stanford Univer
sity. Miss Cora Evans, Dr. G. W. W.
Roche. Miss Jeanie Fairgrieve, Mr. and
Mrs. Frank W. Marston. H. C. B'.ake.
Mips Lotie Hall, Louis A. Colton, Miss
Harriett Crockett. James Roche. Miss
Ruby Egleston. C. O. Cooper. Miss E.
Laurota Applewhite. F. O. Broile, Miss
Mildred Broadwood. Dr. Wagner of Nash
ville. Tenn.. Mrs. Nowbauer of Oakland,
T. Newton. Miss Florence Macdougall.
Frederick K Blue, MiEB Marion McMur
trie, J. S. Henderson. Miss Girtie Grady.
A. Schmulian, Miss Elma Macdougall,
Peter J. Morrin, Miss Pearl Haas, L. Per
kins Inch. Miss Sadie Cuirtmings, Way
land E. Jones, Miss Anna Parker Purin
ton, Harry A. Goedie, Miss Mollie Com
merford. Mr. r.nd Mrs. S. M. Crow, H.
Trask. Miss Ntita Grady. Alex L. Houle.
Miss Emma lioltjen. J. Lytle Martin, Miss
Adah Purinton, H. A. F. Frank. Miss
Ruby M. Terry, H. O. Weeks, Miss, Doyle.
William A. Jones, Miss Marguerite Oaks
of Oakland, F. E. Saucier, Miss Emelie
Austermuhle. L. G. Morrin. Miss Neva
IOaton, T. Houle, Miss Cecil Sorbier.
Weber M. Jones. Miss Cornelia Farrell.
Louis F. Guedet. Miss Maude Smith.
Frank Holland, Mrs. Sadie Craig, A. R.
Stevens. Miss Lizzie Grimrs, J. Stanly
Meyers. Miss Alvina Wenteler. G. A. Hub
b*-ll MI: : ? Zale Haas. J. A. K. Uyan. Miss
Kathryn O'RrKii. Earl D. Eddy Jr.. Miss
Maud A. dr- Pu«\ EL \V. Adams, M eg Mat;
parot Healy, Adolph J. Alviso. Mrs. Win
nie Cole, D. E. Awley. Miss Minnie Haas.
William Ganey. M ! f:; Loietta Ward. Ed
ward J. Adams; Miss Mary Power. J. O.
Blair. Miss Gertrude Austermuhle. Ernest
A. Lee Miss Musetta CUbhman, Dr. Clark,
Miss Claire Doylr. P. H. Newton. Mtss M.
I-arkil,. A. C. Calvin. Miss Minn:* Smith.
L K. Purdy. Miss A\,ice Grimes. Walter
McLeod, Miss Mtnh.'ngi 11. l- Morris.
Miss Adele Sammy . C. Harris. Mrs. Shlve
ly. Among the chaperons were: Mme. L.
A Sorbier. Mrs. A. H. Evans, Mrs. James
Cook Mrs. OJeorgc Wlnteler. Mrs. P. C.
Jur? Jr.. Mrs. Jcmes G. Jones, Mrs. Lef
flngwell. Mrs. Gale. MrF. Hattle Cook.
Mrs. Egieston, Mrs. Grimes. Mrs. H. O.
Purintf-n. Mrs. Dr. McFadyen, Mrs. Haas,
Mrs Newbauer. Mrs. de Pue, Mrs. Far
quhar. Mrs. Cushman. Miss Daisy Braeg,
Miss Nettie, Hull and W. M. Macmillan.
The Fortnightly "Six Double Three"
opened the season on last Tuesday even
ing with an "at home " at the residence of
one of its members. The rooms were
handsomely decorated with green and
white and during; the evening a cakewalk.
progressive hearts and charades were in
dulged in. All who were present are
looking forward to the club's next "at
home."
Mr. and Mrs. Donald Burgess Beadle
have returned from their honeymoon and
are now residing at the Colonial Hotel.
Mrs. Teresa E. Snook and daughter left
on the 7th for Mazatlan, where they will
remain about four months. They were
accompanied by Mrs. Snook's mother and
niece, who have been here on a short
visit. . . .,.•¦
Mr. and Mrs. James W. Burnham have
returned from a very pleasant visit to
Honolulu and Hilo, where they were the
guests of their nephew. James W. Berg
strom of Honolulu.
Mrs. M. Marks and Miss Ruby Marks of
Portland are visiting Mrs. S. H. Gold
stein, 1431 O'Farroll street. They are at
home the second and fourth Tuesdays.
Mr. and Mrs. George W. Alexander will
be pleased to receive their friends to-day,
November 11. between 2 and 5 p. m., at
their residence, 1915 O'Farrell street.
Mr, and Mrs. \V. Levy and family and
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Stamper Have
moved to 1942 Bush street, where they will
be. pleased to see their friends. ¦
Mrs.' S. B. khuman and her daughter,
Mrs. J. H. Hlrschfeld, will be pleased to
see their friends at their new residence.
\ZZl Geary street, near Gough,.the second
Monday of every month. . . • .
Mr. and Mrs. Kmilio Wkllach left for
the East Sunday, November 4. They will
visit most of the large cities and return
for the holidays. . ¦ -: - :
Mrs>. Margaret O'Callaghan ana her
daughter, :viiss Annie O'Callaghan. lolt
t*an Francisco on Saturday evening for a
month's visit to Southern California.
Mrs. Clara Shortridgo Foltz arrived on
Krioay last from the £Jast, where she has
been visiting for some months.
Mr?. «. Searles has returned from Paris
and is at 17'J3 Pine street.
Mrs. A. Levison of li:£ Uuchanan street
will be at home the fourth Friday.
Mrs. S. Aufrichilg of 1S3S Buchanan
strevt will be at home the second .Friday.
Mr, and Mrs. R. E. Miller have returned
after a six months' continental trip.
Mrs. Amirang of this city has just re
turned from a two weeks' trip to South
ern <."a!ilornla, where she visited rela
tives, cx-Aiajur Hazard's family; also
Governor and Mrs. Gage at their Downey
Kanche,
Lionel Joseplvof 1235 Geary street is here
on a visit from New York, where he has
boon for the last two years.
Personals.
The following Pacific Coast people sailed
for Europe on the -Hamburg American
lino's new exprt-ss steamship I>eutsch
land frcm New York November 8: Mile.
Hose Relda. Huth Kruger, A. N. Welan
dor, J. F. HackleTd, Imperial German Con
sul at Honolulu: Mrs. J. F. Hackfeld,
Miss Julie Hackfeld, Miss Marie Hack
feld and maid, Miss W. Rohdabl and Dr.
K. Hoffman of Honolulu.
Sailed Away.
'The Bohemians announce the inaugura
tion of a series of weekly parties, com
mencing November 17, to be held every
Saturday evening until further notice at
Pioneer Hall. Tho officers of the club
are: G. Edmund Sweeney, president;- G.
L. Harvey, secretary, anil William Barry,
Company C of the League of the Cross
Cadets announces a comic operetta for
Thanksgiving- eve. "What Happened
to Brown," an amusing, side-splitting
farce will be presented for the second
time in this city by some of the best fun
makers of the local professional stage.
The affair will be held at Native Sons'
Hall, Ma3on street, on ThankBglvlng
eve, and will be for the benefit of tho
uniform fund of this company. The com
mittee In charg^ has also arranged other
novel features, to bo foliowc-d by dancing,
the wholo to make a most enjoyable evtn
jng /or those who will attend.
• '.'The Bachelor Club" will give their an
nual vaudeville entertainment and dance
at Union Square , Hall on Wednesday
evening, November 21. The best profes
sional and amateur talent will appear.
The Forum Club of California an
nounces for ths next. afternoon at home.
Wednesday, November 14 a talk by Miss
Kate E. Whitaker, "Walks About Lon
don"; a soprano solo by Mme. Guido
Spltzy, accompanied by Professor Trillanl,
and readings by Mrs. "Louis Donally.
The memoers of Company D. Kirst Reg
iment, League of the Cross Cadets of Sa
cred Heart parish, are making active
preparations for their annual military ball
which, will be held Friday evening. No
vember 16, at Native Sons' Hall, Mason
street. Admission will be by card, ob
tainable only from members of the com
pany. The friends of tho boys will at
tend In' evening dress and the members*
of the company and all military organ
izations will appear in full dress uniform.
No pains have been spared to make Com
pany D's annual the swellest affair in tne
history of the League of the Cross Ca
dets. • • •
The fourth anniversary ball of the Stras
mayer Council No. 460, Young Men's Insti
tute, will be given on Thursday evening
next, November 15, at Union Square Hah,
421 Post street.
In the Future.
Jackson, C. Qulrey, H. Cove, "W. Butler,
A. Hall, H. A. Baunoan, C. Bauman, D.
HemphilK T. Lewis, T. Nolte, A. String
fellow, T. Memo, G. Charlesworth, L.
Glard, C. Johnson. Dr. A. S. Sullivan, J.
Odgers, D. Guerrer and B. Williams.
IN SOCIETY'S REALM
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 11, 19Q0.
34
\vl -K— -*^V. SI foMtifo*
In risible.
Its use Is very simple. You ap-
ply It dally to tbe face before
goirjg out. or at bo")® wheo you
wisb to I00K your best, the same
as you apply powders.
Sarople box sent, free ip your
. ¦ , . . .
address upon receipt of 2 cents
postage.
LJ A I D That dls.
fl M 1 t\ fI Bir«mentiofawo.
1111111 man's face, permanently
removed, in the only successful war
..with the ELECTRIC NEEDLE, ai
operated by Mra. Harrison.
WarU, Freckles, Moles, Pimp l«i
and Wrinkles quickly removed under
my personal treatment at my Der-
natolosical Parlors. "
78 and 80 GEARY STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO.
SUPERFLUOUS
I.ad5es cut of town sending this ad. and Wo in
KtamTw. will receive my book of instructions
end a trial pot r.t I>nla Monte* Creme and a
box of face x-owder FREE.
FREE TRIAL POT
the rr^at skin food tis*ue builder and brautl-
f:T. My own clrar complexion and healthy i>kin
is due to its u«. 75 cc-nts.
LOLA HOHTEZ CREME,
is not a dye. leaves no sediment or vtickinest
«nd cen b« use<] »-lthout fear of after effects.
It ls clranly to u«»>. and restores Ifrey or faded
hair to Its naturaJ color and glvrn It th<- bril-
'.iancy and luster of youth. One Dollar a bottle.
4-DAY HAIR RESTORER
L»te ft Portrait.
To all who purchase a bottle of Mrs. Nettle
Harrison'* 4-day Hair Restorer, a single treat-
ment will be plven FREE. One treatm^nt ls
Fufflcient to give the hair Us natural color.
TO ITS NA7TF.AI. COIX5R •V^^THOUT THE
use cf a dye, and without the slightest in-
conver.irr.ee.
>' ' •''3i«SL^S^» 1 ¦* T~H 1~™ r »""»¦
i^31 THIS
ttrs. Nettit Eirrnon'i ? ? 4— »¦ •¦— *¦ I\. •
Grey
Hair
Restored
&p> VERY LATEST
ff-jT'k Straight Front,
A 7 j Hand-Made
it SAPPHIRE
/» CORSETS
((^f $3.00 1« $15.00
/W^\ 10 Gearo St.,
/>^V V ' CHESTER F. WRIGHT,
/\2?3-'^4 Royal Woroestar Cor-
•et-Plttlng Parlors.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
And all other facial blemishes are removed br
DR. and MRS. A. XV. TRA\'ERSE. Donohoe
building. U70 Market St.. cor. Taylor, rooms
a-2S. with the electric needle without pain or
scar. Permanency guaranteed; hours 1 to 4 p. m.
The greatest ekin food and tlssu* builder,
BRAHMAN TOILET CREAM
Itemoves wrinkles by making th» skin firm.
It renders the skla soft, ¦
smooth, clear, white and I *- -~»_ '
jouthful end cure* Poi»on itiwii^
< >&k ar.d F.czrma. It ls a. J&3tflm*&&A
liquid. Any cream of th» i&?*g^O c3 WCE4
consistency of butter will J&Kmr***'iSBP
stimulate th* rrowth of ufi^F-T^mn*
hilr on the far*. Brah- £¦ "*7 *&tth
rr.tn Toilet Crrani la jH "tCj^M"^
tuarinUM not to do bo HSL^SKffi»
i^rice 2£c. Brahman
Tooth Powder. £ic AH WBr^r
firurrl^ts and at offlca of l^^*^" MT *' rj
att^g^£g S &jg-& LM »* ¦** «"»
DEB flIfJrif|CeIt*Tmtodrema3«
•¦— — — «oob>v adlk and an (aft* Wltatf
Dr. to. 1\ Jbti£K, itcvcrc, Bosk>^, Hjm.
ELITE DERMATOLOGY INSTITUTE,
838 Market St., San Francisco.
Halrdresslnr, 25c; manicuring, 25c; shampoo-
ing, 25c; facial massage and gloaming.
Sold under a guarantee to remov* superfluous
hair, and to prevent its i?rowth: has been used
successfully for twenty years by the medical
profession in England. After one application
ycur fare will be as - free from hair as the
cl:eek of an infant. •
ELITE SKIN FOOD-Removes all blemishes
and roughness; makes the complexion perfect;
keeps. the skin clear, fsoft and smooth.
ELITE FACE POWDER— Chemically pure-
a preventive from superfluous hair. .
ELJTE HAIR GROWER— Removes dandruff;
stimulates the ecalp; produces a quick growth]
and makes the hair soft and bright.
THE ELITE BLACKHEAD ERADICATOR—
Permanently removes blackheads and reduces
thp pores of the skin. •
THE ELITE FACE BLEACH— For removing
tan and freckles. . It. has no equal..
Prompt attention to mail orders with stamp*
Regular physician In attendance.
B. B. B. ENGLISH CARAMEL
» - % m HAIR ON
\?*/ ~ WO!VIAN ' S
i * FACE IS .
V REPULSIVE.
#n^ y tyft IT ls NOT
v xr FJ?;. NECESSARY
To suffer frotn this disfigurement. Many a
lovely face ls ruined by the presence of hair
or dark shadows on the lip, chin or cheeks,
while many otherwise plain faces are made
lovely by a clean, pure skin.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Mr. Bt-nedJct— I Bee you very often with
that young \an Boodle; am I premature
In offering: my conwatulations?
Kitty Wlnslow— Oh, no. not at all* I
have Just refused him.— Harlem Life.
ME. IDALINE FACE CREAM
DOBS AWAY WITH THE USE OF ALL
FACE POWDERS.
Contains \l A^A //
Crease or ***5RS5^
Injurious ***^^r
Chemicals.
A free demonstration can be
seen dally at the Eroporlum.
Beware of irritations. None
genuine unless bearing the above
trade mark.
PACIFIC COAST LABORATORY,
2D4 Powell Street.
San Francisco.
IfiEHBBHEHSBBE
¦ Hi mm am M WF M m a J3 SL—0 « tjBvfl at wfiKSl 'A M A ** a 4 £/ S ji Q ffJSM
M EbsW MS U wm amSKB Jfir K^^^B wwl^^ pa J& O g £% M M B g Q Fjf or yi wR HtvSr
I^m^bsV fir B 9 JEjLsiM B jbhSHf tS 9 B mL^^v jpj3|M B JB JEMffittpa £$» £jL V JB B B 2&. _fu 3 ¦Bk9b
MISS SAIDT WRITES MRS. pfWKHAAI A GRATEtUL LETTER.
nf Wp^r^iilraWV "Dear Mrs. Pin kham :— TVill you kindly allow me t, c pleasure cf expressing 1
HI xg my gratitude for tho -wonderful relief I have experienced bjtakiajj Lydia E. Pink-
(JlL^Kfifll IX h am ' 8 Vegetable Compound ? I suffered for a lon^ timewith nervous prostration
V^? V^l, > jgffi an<^ £ enera * debility, caused by falling of the •womb. It seeced as though my back
-J) % fCS* if ml5 w <>uld never cease aching. I could not sleep. I had dull h«adaches. I was weary
82 .Jfo||, jg 1 Jjft a^ tk e *" ne an< * life "^ss a burden to me. I sought the seas> O re for relief, but all
J*r jr?fc iu vain. On. my return I resolved to give your medicine — ~r-^ ,-
advertisement, and there -would behappier homes. __Jj§§^^" %|C. t> ! \ "^J^^^fi^ciS'V^H^^ '
I mean to do all I can for you in the future. I have ip^gsaH^g^il W^^^i^^t^^^^^^^i !
you alone to thank for my recovery, for which I am / v JraiS&flH 8^^^^»^^5S^^3
very grateful."— Miss Emma Saidt, Jobstown, N. J. ~$^»|||§m||«[ $||gLfc|i8 ' 5P|°f£g|»|M»
Tho homes of this country are filled* with women *^^^f5^^^W¥^^ "feS^^^^ 1 " '
whose trials seem too hard to bear. *^^^^^»_
They have some feminine disorder and do not get ?l^ttttiliiii
Frequently it is not possible for the ordinary physician pl^^^^
to understand the fundamental cause of the trouble. li§!i§lfllfPlV\
The one person who is best qualified" to adviso sick wo- "~""^^fi| *' w^^^^j
men is Mrs. Pinkham, and she does it without charge. v^S 05^feM'llll
Wliy then should any woman try to bear her burdens alone, or i^^'^AS'SSsI '
trust to inexperienced hands the complicated question of her health ? J^jA?'>aS|
Every one will agree that these are the strongest reasons why a
woman who is ill should appeal to a person who knows the most x Jsy p |^m«| 2 QTIi
j about tho kind of illness with which she is afflicted— one who has had [[^Sli^^k *!ij||
the greatest experience in treating just such cases, and meeting just H^^^ly^C^rJy \
the symptoms that are manifest in her particular case. Jr/fjlt *^^»
Mrs. Pinkham's address is Lynn, Mass., and all women are S^/l' \JS/jj \ I|^hKa
invited to write freely to her of their troubles. Mrs. Pinkham's Ivll i
great medicine for women is Lydia E. Pinkham's Vege- (^^(f//j/fP^(^w%i3
table Compound. Every illness or irregularity of the tryHUJltis>/// ll ffl, *4?%
female organs will be helped by this sterling medicine. It
has restored to health already more than a million women. //k^^ \t .
MRS. MUELLER'S HAPPY LETTER TO MRS. PINKHAM.
41 Dear Mrs. Pinkham:— It affords me great pleasure to tell of the benefit I have derived tI
from the .use of your remedies.
' i m^, '~ " was ff reat^y troubled with my menstrual periods, was very weak and ner-
>gPjrS||fc|3^ vous, could not work at all. I liavo taken several bottles of Lydia K. Pinkham'3 ,
WhM&SStMmMUK Vegetable Compound, also u.sed the Liver Pills and. Sanative Wash, and am
£MittS|Bffi8r^^^r wonderfully improved in health. My neighbors are alji surpcised to see me out
BgjK||P«|S»J'' 1 and doing my own work.
jftBnSp « "I would advise every suffering woman to try Lydia E. Pinkham's remedies."
\ —Mrs. Hexry Mueller, 513 McAlpine Ave., Clifton, Cincinnati, O.
jfQJjj^y^WtiBSfe SJF|i& dl| r"'iJ»ftSf jI I who can show that the above testimonial !etter<i ars
pjjjg^g^(^i|j^^'i^\J\\^ fciafcH BBhHES kT ) Ot »?« nS I a B not K enuine . or wertr published h-fore obtaining the
MQ« MFWOVMI IF1IFD ISlE I II El B flillwC'RHSli^ liters' fprcial permi««aon.-r.YD:.\ E. PIXKUAM
; {<B.YNUE:LLt:R..r 0|vl^lrW JSJlV MLk M&2i\A9 immClSZ CO., Lynn, Ma3J».
P GE 5 RE §
ADVERTISEMENTSCatg are gTeatly venerated In Persia.
The feline friends of the Shah number 50.
each havlnsr Its own attendant and * ¦*>«-
Hai room for na**i*.
A "redhot" time will be had .by the
Colored Club of 1900 at Garibaldi Hall, 423
Broadway, on Wednesday evening, No
vember 11. A grand ball Is on the tapis
and will be one of the most amusing and
lively events of the season. Some of the
best cakewalkers in the city- will be there
and old-time darkles will do the stunts
and sing the songs that were In vogue be
fore Lincoln made them free. This is the
third grand ball given by the club. The
admission for gentlemei: will be 25 cents;
ladles free. Dancing continues all night
and everybody will be welcome.
Colored Club's Grand Ball.
ELECTION week has not been
marked by many large sales,
for an obvious reason. The re
sult of the election has put the
brokers into good . humor, for
they expect that business will improve at
once, the policy of the country being defi
nitely established for another term of
four years. . -
Bovee, Toy & Sonntag report a lease for
$120,000 for a period of ten years of the
property at the southwest corner of Fol
som and Second streets. The lot is 137
feet on Folsom street and 275 on Second.
There is a three-story building, with base
ment, that covers the entire size of the
lot, which has been occupied by the Cali
fornia Wine Association for wine Vaults.
The property has been leased to the Pa
cific Coast Biscuit Company, of which Li."
Saroni is the president.
Thomas Magse & Sons report the sale of
the southwest r-orr.er of Mission street and
Shaw alley, between First and Second
streets, the alley] being twenty feet wide
and the dimensions of the lot 31:2 feet on
Mission, running back 160 feet to Mni'na
street, with forty feet on Minna, $37,000;
east line of Stciner street, between Val
lejo and Broadway, 20x137:6 feet, no im
provements, $£340; north line of Vailejo,
between Fillmore and Webster streets,
32:6x137:6 feet, $4350; also lot on the west^
line of Cole, between Hayes and Fell*
streets.
Shainwald, Buckbee & Co. have sold the
Emanuel home, on the north line of Pa
cific street, for Mrs. Emanuel to Mrs.
Am?i:a E. Sherman, for $17,500. The lot is
242:6 feet west from Gough street and is
30x134 feet. The same brokers have aiso
sold for J. D. W. Schulte to Sylvain
Pearl property, 57:6x137:6 feet, on the
northwest corner of Halght and- Pierce
streets, for $14,OC0; also on the north line
of Carl street, 125 feet cast from Stanyan,
25x137:6 feet, for Mrs. J. B. Bailey to W.
A. C. Lange for $1600.
H. P. Sonntag of the firm of Bovee. Toy
& Sonntag returned last night from a tour
In Europe. He visited the Paris Exposi
tion.
Sol Getz & Co. report having made the
following sales election week: 25x120 feet,
east line ef Twelfth avenue 200 ieet south
of I street, $SoO, 50xl:iJ feet, east line cf
Forty-eighth avenue; 275 feet north of J
street. $*00; 75x120 feet, east line of Forty
sixth avenue 150 feet south of U street,
$500; 25x120 feet; \\est line ot Eleventh ave
nue 250 feet south of I street, $£uO; 25xlOJ
feet, north line of L street 57:6 feet west
of Ninth avenue. $650: 50x125 feet, south
line of Minerva street 50 feet east of Capi
tol avenue, 1250.
Sales reported by Burnham. Marsh &
Co. are the following: August Frizzi to
M. H. Bowman, lot 25x100 feet east line of
Polk street 75 feet north of Union, with
cottage, $2500; Mrs. A. M. Marks to C. ti.
Elliot, six acres of land at Menlo Park,
J5300; Catherine Kenny to C. Ryan, lot and
improvements northeast line of Kignth
street 23 feet southeast of Mmna, lot
feet, jotiO; Charles A. Gray to N", M. Pe.ei
i sen. north line of Calitornla street. Io7 ieet
i west of Third avenue, lot 23x106 feet. $705;
: William Ehre.npfort to Mrs. B. B. Kap-ael,
northwest corner of Sumner and Clemen
tina streets, 50x72 feet, with flats, ?6S57; J.
P. Stevens to H. Hoyers, south line of
Page street. 100 teet east of Shrador lot
25xl37:»5 feet, with Hats, $10,150; H. S.
Murphv to Mary Fennell, two Hats and
lot, 25x100 feet, on north line of Fell street,
100 feet east of Fillmore. t62'JO; T. H. Day
to John F. Bent, lot 25x9a ieet on west line
of Willard street, 100 feet south of Golden
Uate avenue. „ »,
Air. iiun.aam of the Burnham & Marsh
Company has returned from a trip to me
Hawaiian Islands.
The tenth annual meeting of the stock
holders of the Kureka BuiKling and Loan
Association was held at the oifice of the
association last Wednesday. The annual
reports of President A. Andrews and Sol
J. Levy, the secretary; were received. A
, healthy condition of affairs was found to
r exist, the twelfth series shares . having
matured and a profit for the year being
apportioned to the various series. The
deiinite contract plan for borrowers ¦whs
adopted, thereby enabling them to make
a definite contract of even monthy insta.ll
1 ments, paying off the amount borrowed
in a deiinite period by special contract,
and also the privilege of paying off the
balance due at any time, without waiting
for the agreed and s*pecined .time, either
plan rt-ing at the option of the borrower.
The old officers were re-elected and P. F.
Ferguson was added to the board of di
rectors.
Benjamin M. Gunn ha3 returned from
the Plust.
R. S. Thompson will build a $5000 resi
dence on the lot purchased from E. Avery
McCarthy on the south side of Clay street,
west from Locust. The lot cost $3500.
Easton, Kldridge & Co. will auction
realty on Thursday, November 20. The
property to be sold is on Minna, Mariposa
terrace, Leavenwcrth, Fulton, L-arkln,
Greenwich. Hayes. Lanston, East London.
I and Market streets and Corbett road.
The realty property of C. f\ Fargo, de
ceased, will be put on the market by Da
vidson & Leigh under order of the ex
ecutors of the estate.
David Bush & Son have sold the Cecil
Gardner place near Santa Clara to W. F.
B. Wilcox of Onondaga County, New
York, for $14,000. The property Includes
thirty and one-naif acres in prunes, and
has a fine dwelling upon it.
The San Francisco Savings Union has
eold 2120 acres of farming and grazing
land In Tehama Cr*unty, near Paskenta, to
T. C. Mitchell for $2000; a section of graz
ing land in Fresno County, near Caruth
ers, to Mrs. Eliza Barrett for $3520; 4S0
acres of grazing land in the same vicinity
to Frederick Coleman for $3S40. and SO
acres of vinevard land to Mrs. Mary Lutz
near Hanford for $3000.
The Jacob Heyman Company has sold
fifteen lots in the Schoolhouse Homestead
at Colma.
Herman "\V. Newbauer and Milton S
Kisner, as executors of the estate of Mary
Eisner, have sold to A. Derque lot 2ix
137:C on the north line of Grove street.
15<5:3 east of Central avenue, for $7000.
The Cltv Warehouse Company's building
to be erected on the southwest corner or
Battery and Lombard streets will be of
brick and three stories high and will cost
about $30,000. G. W. Percy is the archi
tect.
George C. Alferltz will erect a two-story
and basement frame residence on the
southwest corner of Jones and Chestnut
street*, to cost $70CO.
Deeds in which a consideration was
named have been placed on record as fol
lows:
Charles W. and Mary F. Grant to Mary
McG. Sullivan, west line of Lyon street. M
feet south from Washington. 45x137:6, $1(1,000;
Hannah Kaufman to Thomas F. Kaufman,
north line of Twentieth street. 203 feet west
from Sanchez. 60x114, $500; P. M. Morrison to
William B. Pringle. southwest line of ffteuart
street, 1*3:4 southeast from Mission. 45:10x137:8,
$1000; Patrick, Catherine and Bridget McDerr
mott to Levi M. ' KcIIoek, southeast linp . of
MIr.na street. 125 feet southwest from Klr&t,
20x80. $3500; Patrick Hackett to the Hlbernia
Savings and Loan Society, southeast line of
Clara street, 206:3 northeast from Fifth. 22:11
xT5. J23SS; Otto and Fanny Leupohl to Emma
M. 13. Sorensen. past lino of Forty-n'nth ave
nue, 125 feet south from I street, 23x120. $1000;
John Andrew. Jones Estate Company to Kmma
M. E. Sorensen. west line of Forty-eighth ave
nue, 125 feet eouth from I street. 75x120. $1500;
Frederick W. and Mary E. Bridge to Albert 1'.
De Witt, west line of Thirty-fourth avenue.
100 feet north Irom S street ami northwest cor
ner of Thirty-seventh avenue and S street
and north line of 6 street, 107:6 west from Thir
ty-seventh avenue, $310; Annie L. Mayvllle to
Charles H. Balzer. northwest line of K. 33:4
northeast from Twenty-flrst avenue, 66:Sx75,
$500; Ida Mayer to Frank C. Martin, west line
of Stanyan street, 60 feet south from Par
nassus, 25rtl:3, $4000; Margaret Wubben to
William V. and Winifred E. White, south line
of Powell ovenue, 75 feet west from California,
25x100, $1700: Florence T. "Frank to Abraham
Haas, northwest corner Van Ness avenue and
Jackson street, 13Sx80. $r,2,500; Mary F. Hlnes
to Orson K. Doane, north line of Grove street,
200 feet east from Broderick. 25x137:6. $1000:
Jules and August Lamhla to Louis Weule, west
line of Capn street. 134 feet north from Eigh
teenth. 14x122:6. $500: Louis and Pauline Schoen
berff to Frederick W. and. Marie O. Buhman.
south line of Twenty-first street. 75 feet east
from Bryant, 25x85. $3000; William and Emma
Grutzmacher to Thomas .W. Johnson, north
line of Maripcsa street. 25 feet west from Texas,
25x100. $1000; Nellie and George O. Brown- to
Solomon Get?:, east line of ¦ Seventeenth avenue,
275 feet south from H street. 25x120. $500; Henry
and Elizabeth Schwartz to Frederick P. Peter
son, lot 411. -Gift .Map 1. $500: Paul and Mary
Kingston to Fritz Prelss, northeast . line., of
Twentieth avenue south, 150 feet southeast
from L. street. 75x100. $500; W. H. Little to
Samuel Brlerly, southeast corner of Felton and
Oxford streets, 200x120, $1000; Julia Edwards to
Edward and Julia' A. Ross, .west line of Cha
*ultepec street, 150 feet «outh from Virginia, ,
During- the past week Mrs. Ema Gett
of Ca'lf.a Parlcr of Sacramento, grand
prcslfier.t of the Native Daughters of th«
Golden West, was In this city paying of
ficial visits to local parlors. During her
tour of visitations she was accompanied
by Past Grand Presidents Mrs. Belle W.
»'or.rad. Miss Mae B. Wilkin and Mrs.
I>na Hilke Mills. Grand Vice President
Mrs. Genevieve Baker. Past Grand Treas
urer Miss Eliza D. Keith, several of thj
district deputies and a number of local
bright lights of the order.
At Darina Parlor on Monday the visitor
vas received by a. large number of the
beautiful girls of the Western Addition.
The officers demonstrated In a most satis
factory manner their ability to perform
the work of the order as to business and
rltuaj. The grand president was present
ed a dainty souvenir spoon and the vice
president and district deputy, Mrs. J. A.
feteinbach, a bunch of choice flowers each.
end then there was a collation, at which
there were short addresses by the visit
ing- officials and a taik by the Na,tive
Daughters' friend.
On Tuesday right Mrs. Gett visited O:o
Fino Parlor, but the attendance of mem
bers was not as large as -was noted on
previous visits. This was deemed strange,
as this parlor cf charming ladies certainly
has a membership that ought to fe»l
proud to appear before the highest officer
of the order. There was an exemplifica
tion of the work arrl remarks bv the
grand president, by Mrs. Conrad. Mrs. L.
H. Mills. Mr«. Theodore Lunstedt. Mrs.
Arthur D. Coddington, Mrs. Rebeka Kemp
Van Ee and Miss McAllister. After the
T-.-ork of the evrning th<Te -was a collation.
On Wednesday night the grand presi
dent. Mrs. Conrad and Mrs. Emma Thier
bach cf La Estrella Parlor visited the
always very hospitable and wide-awake
parlor, but the attendance was very small.
The committee that had charge of the
arrangements for the reception of the
grand officers had made extensive prep
arations for the event. They decorated
the meeting place with garlands of esch
echoltzias end patriotic colors, but there
were not as many there as were expected.
The officers were prais«d for their work
and the praise was well deserved.
On Thursday night the visit to Orinda.
the bor.ton parlor of the order in this
city, was one that was calculated to en
thuse the grand president and those who
accompanied her. The hall was tastefully
flecorated with flowers. There -were more
Grand President JflTrs. Gett..
DURIXG the past week the fol
lowing: named called a^the .of
fice of Grand Secretay M'iss
Laura J. Frakes: Krs. Ema
Gett, grand president Lilly O.
Keic hiM-g, founder of the order; Mrs. Bay
ly of Darina Parlor, Mrs. Boldahan of La
Kstre'.la Parlor, Mr. and Mrs. ?. F. John
ston and Mrs. Neil Williamsoi of Sutler
Cretk.
All the parlors of the ord«r that have
not already done bo are prouding Ameri
can riags to be displayed at *ch meeting,
to inspire patxioUsm and prrve loyalty to
country- /
Buena Vista Parlor is acJvely at work
arranging for the entertainment and
dance that is to be given xi the name of
the parlor on the night ct the 14th Inst.
in Native Sons' Hall. ThU promises to be
one of the best functions that this parlor
has e%'er got up in aid of its fund for
the relief of the eick and distressed. Those
members who are to apjear in the cast of
'The Little Rebel" bavt rehearsed to per
fection and they hope 'o 6how that ama
teurs can, at times, be; as perfect as are
professionals. Last Wednesday night the
members of this parlcr had a social time
after the business m«iUng, the feature of
which was a throwirg: contest, bean-bag
throwing at a mark, with the result that
the first prize, a huidsomely decorated
plate, went to Miss Winnie Mitchell, and
the booby, a. heathen Chinee, went to
Martha Coppage. Coffee and cakes were
then served.
The new parlor organized by Special
Deputy Mrs. Sadij Osterman of Sans
6oud Parlor at Crockett, was Instituted
on the 7th Inst., -with thirty-four charter
memtxre. It was named Ema Crockett
and its number is 119. The first part of
the name was adopted In honor of the
grand president, whose given name is
Etna. The officers of the parlor were in
etalled by District Deputy Grand Presi
dent Mrs. Agnes Lunstedt, assisted by
Mr* Arthur D. Coddington of Orinda Par
lor. Mrs. Olsen of Sans Soud parlor, Mrs.
Mary Slater MaJnard and" Miss Williams.
The membership of the parlor is young
and bright and many of the ladles are pos
sessed of rare talent. After the ceremon
ies the members of the new parlor and tht!
instituting and installing officers were
banqueted by the membership of Car
quinez Parlor of the Native Sons. There
were responses to toasts by Judge R. H
McNoble cf the Native Sons, Grand Trus
tee J. L. Gallagher. District Deputy Grand
President Mrs. Agnes Lunstedt. Mrs. Ar
thur D. Coddington. Mre. B. Yates, past
president of the baby parlor; Mrs. Susie
Gardner, the president ; Miss Mae Dresser,
the secretary; Mrs. Osterman, the organ
izer, and many others. Mrs. Lunstedt was
highly complimented during the evening
for the very impressive and dramatic
manner in which she installed the officers
«.nd for the flow of eloquence, when she
responded to the toast assigned to he.-.
It T.-as declared to be the best speech by
a lacy that evening.
On the last day of last month Wood
land Lodge No. 249 was instituted by Mrs.
Caroline A. Hoxett. president of the Cali
fornia Assembly, assisted by Mr*. Mary
E. Donoho, the secretary. • There were
present to see the institution of sixty
four charter members visitors from Sac
ramento. Stockton and Capay. The work
was grand, and the charges by the presi
dent, who had memorized them, were de
livered with an lmpresslveness that has
seldom been equaled In the order. After
the institution there was an excellent sup
per and congratulatory speeches. Mrs.
Hoxett will institute another lodge at
Corning on the 22d.
Amity Lodge will give an Invitational
bonbon Bocial on the night of the 17th
Inst.
The candy pulling: .party given last
Wednesday night by Oriental Rebekah
Lodge was attended by a very large num
ber of ladies and gentlemen, many of
whom for the first time had an opportun
ity to note how the membership of this
lodge enjoys Itself. Xoble Grand Allle
Parker was mistress of ceremonies and
directed the events of the evening. Miss
Gillespie, accompanied by Mlsa Frederick,
favored with a vocal solo; the Keystone
Quartet entertained with choice selec
tions; Misses McDonald and Crov/ell
pleased with recitations; Mr. Orr rendered
the "Holy City" on the cornet, and there
were coon songs and cakewalk by two
little girls. Then followed the distribu
tion of candy and the* candy pulling with
a vengeance, after which dancing was the
order of the evening.
The time for the giving of the enter
tainment by the San Francisco Drill
Corps has been changed to the 22d of No
vember In the banquet hall of the Odd
Fellows* building. Brevet Major Lena
Jarvis has promised to do the cakewalk
on that occasion on condition that a prom
inent newspaper man will black up and
assist. The newspaper man has the mat
ter under consideration.
On the night of the 24th Inst. Mission
Rebekah Lodge will give another social
function In the nature of a peanut party.
The members of this lodge, who are all
wide awake, know how to prepare an en
tertainment, and this one will not be any
less entertaining than those given In the
past.
Loyal Lodge will have work. to the Ini
tiatory degree to-morrow night.
On the night of the 3d Inst. Templar
Rebekah Lodge gave a reception In the
banquet hall of the Odd Fellows' building
to Mrs. K. Cyrus, district deputy presi
dent, and her staff t.i officers. The hall
was prettily decorated and the tables
were loaded with all that goes to mak>
up a fine collation. The noble grand,
Mrs. Tressa H6pklns, presided "as toast
mistress, and after the collation called on
Mrs. Cvrus, Mrs. Mary E. Donoho, secre
tary of the assembly; Professor Hoorer.
who previous to the banquet was re
ceived as a member of the lodge; Major
Jack Thompson and Brigadier General
Brower for responses to toasts.
The Rebekahs.
Grand Scribe "W. H. Barnes during th-»
past week sent out the proceedings of the
Grand Encampment, which opened at
Redding on the 16th of last month. It 13
a book of 146 pages. In which the work of
the Grand body is presented -with that
faithfulness which has in the past
marked the work in this line of the grand
scribe. The proceedings arc embellished
with a portrait of Past Grand Patriarch
Joseph Foster, views of Reading during
encampment week and'of the members of
the executive committee who receiveil
and entertained the visitors. There is also
a well written account of the welcome
and the ¦work of Frank XV. Smith, the
chairman of the committee, and his co
workers.
A reception will be tendered some time
during the month to the membership of
San Francisco Canton Xo. 5 of the Pa
triarchs Militant.
Cosmopolitan Lodge of the Independent
Order of Odd Fellows has appointed n.
committee to prepare an evening of en
tertainment for its members and friends
oTi the night of the Hth inst. The com
mittee has reported on the following as
the chief features to be presented that
evening: Orchestral overture; basso solo,
Charles Reed: sword aance to bagpipe
music, MIfs Mabel Smith; specialties by
the little Holland sisters; cornet solo,
Mips Johnson: vocal eolo. Miss Rosen
berg, and violin solo. Miss Violet Johnson.
The entertainment that was given last
Monday night by Fidelitly Lodge, at Us
open meeting, an exended notice of which
appeared in the local colunms of The
Call on the following day, was the last
but one that will be given by the lodg'i
under the supervision of the present no
ble grand. Dr. W. B. Curtfs. The pro
gramme that was presented was one of
the very best of the many good ones that
this lodge has presented since it. decided
to give open monthly meetings.
The Odd Fellows.
Mission Chapter elected Its officers last
night, Beulah and Olive Branch will elect
to-morrow night and Ivy on Tuesday
night.
King Solomon Chapter has elected the
following named officers for the ensuing
termg Mrs. Anette Wood, matron; Harry
Baehr, patron; Mrs. Lillian Baehr, asso
ciate matron; Alma Bottomley, secretary;
Mrs. Virginia Bottomley, treasurer; So
phie Athearn, conductress, and Fannie
Franklin, associate conductress.
Golden Gate Chapter Xo. 1 of the Order
of the Eastern Star has elected the fol
lowing named as its officers for the en
using- term; Maude Terwilliger, matron;
John J. Mitchell, patron; Mary Frances
Fahrenholtz, associate matron; Mary A.
Hawley. secretary; Lottie Pease, treas
urer; Frances P. Tower, conductress, and
Amy C. Temple, associate conductress.
On the niglit of the 3d lnst. California
Chapter held Its first annual ineeting, on
which occasion the election of oincers
took place. Each officer was elected by
acclamation. Those who are to serve for
the ensuing term are: Mrs. Lizzie Ton
ningsen, worthy matron; John Tonnlng
sen, worthy patron; Bertha Wagner
Stark, associate matron; Isadora Horton,
secretary; Minnie G. Stebblns, treasurer;
Mary Wittman. conductress, and Cecelia
Warren, associate conductress. The
worthy matrun has selected the following
named as the officers who are to hold the
appointive offices: Julius A- Haste, chap
lain; Fiances Edmondson, marshal; Birdie
Keed; Adah; Jennie McLaughlln, Ruth;
Ida May Roberts, Esther; Josephine Kin
ney, Martha; Mignon Lillie, Electa; Edith
Buyes, warder; Wary H. Lewis of Golden
Gate Chapter, sentinel, and Leontine Wef
elsberg, organist. During the evening
four candidates were elected and five ap
plications were presented. At the meet-
Ing on the night of the 17th inst. the chap
ter expects to have eighteen candidates
to Initiate. The elected and appointed
officers will be publicly Installed on the
night of the 1st of December, and after
installation the officers will all work to
the end that the chapter may become nu
merically one of the largest, and will also
work to make it the most attractive in
the lcea! jurisdiction. The chapter sus
tained its nrst loss by death a tew days
elnce by the demise of Mrs. Adele Grauer
holz, whose funeral took place last Tues
day %-om Sc. Markus Church, Pastor
Fuendeiing officiating. The music was by
the Scottish Rite and California Com
mandery quartet. The services were at
tended by a large number of the chapter
members.
The Eastern Star.
Last Sunday Mrs. Gett and several
prominent Native Daughters were the
guests at a select supper of Mr. and Mrs.
Theodore Lunstedt at a prominent rolia
serie and on Kriday Mrs. Gett was ten
dered a reception by Mrs. Minnie Gun
zondorfer at her home.
than fifty members of the parlor arid a
large number of visitors present. -The
meeting was a most pleasant one and all
present were inspired with a spirit of en
thusiasm that ought *o prevail in every
parlor. After an exemplification of the
work and a showing of the business meth
ods there was an address by the grand
president, who during the evening was
by President Mrs. Mae Gallagher, on be
half of the parlor, presented a bandsoma
silver souvenir of San Francisco. Them
were addresses by Past Grand Presidents
Miss Mae B. Wilkins. Mrs. Conrad. Mrs.
Tillman and Mrs. Mills. Grand Vice Pres
ident Mrs. Genevieve Baker. District Dep
uty Mrs. J. A. Stelnbuch and Miss Eliza
D. Keith, after which the parlor closed
with appropriate cereinony and icecream,
cakes and coffee were served.
Last night Mrs. Geit paid a visit to
Alta Parlor and she was well received. .
George L. Payne to AV. J. Klllip. north line
of Post street. 137:C feet west from Jones, 22.11
x68:3, and' northeast corner of V> street and
Tenth avenue and southwest corner of Waller
and Scott streets, 32:6x116, and the northwest
line of Branftan street. 2ol feet southwest from
Second, $ 16,200: German Savings and Loan So
ciety to Frederick Hess, east line of Stanyan,
23 feet north from Page, 50x100, southwest
cornr of Cole and Oak, and the south line of
California, 117:6 cast from Powell, $15,01)0.
The releases and reconveyances repre
sented small amounts In most instances.
The larger ones were:
Hibernla Savings and Loan Society to Char
ity and Alvlnza Hayward, $1SO,OCO, for one year
at 6 per cent, on the northwest corner of Lar
kin and Fulton streets, 120x412:6: to Ellen M.
Heaton. Ellen Gibson. Frederick H. and Sidney
K. Marvin and Bessie E. Kauffman, of *30,00->
for one year at 6 per cent, on the north line
of California, 70 feet we*t from Drumm. by
the Hibemia Savings and Loan Society; to
Fernando Nelson by the German Savings and
Loan Society of. $20,0CO, on the property on the
north line of Waller street, 137:6 west from
Pierce, and on the east line of Hartford street.
96 feet north from Eighteenth, for one year at
6 l /i rer cent.
The loans of the last week and deeds of
trust have numbered seventy-live,
amounting to $374,597. The releases and
reconveyances in the same period were
fifty-five, with a total amount of $160,500.
The larger loans were:
The Santa Marina building on the north
east corner of California and Drumm
streets will be improved at a cost of $13.
000, under the supervision of Tharp &
Holmes.
Charles Percival Davis will build a two
story and basement frame building on the
south line of Carl street, east from Stan
yan, to cost $2S00.
A three-story and basement building
will be erected on the southeast corner of
Filbert and Stockton streets for Luigl
Ferrari, to cost $£030.
The building to be erected by Mrs. Ly
dla H. Barney on the southwest corner of
Kiliii and Van Ness avenue will cost $35,
540. Albert Pissls Is the architect.
Edward B. Hindes will put up a three
story building on the north line of Bush
strc-et. 43:10 foet east from Taylor street,
containing flats. The cost will be about
$10,000. Mr. Hlndes acts as his own archi
tect. ¦
27x70, $300: Anna Godt to Kaja Pallsen west
line of Elsie street, 231 feet north from Court
land, 20:8x70, $1000; Mary Cramer to Belle
Rohrhand, northeast corner Bush and Laf.una
streets. 82:6x22:11. J5000; Julius D. Obrocic to
Joseph and Emma C. Roe, east line of Pierce
Btreet, 100 feet south from Ellis, 30x90, 13000;
James J. Thomas to Statla A. Thomas, un
divided one-half of east line of Lyon street,
100x125 feet north from Golden Gate avenue,
23x137:6 also east line of Golden Gate avenue,
tlOCO; Thomas H. L>ay to John F. Bent, -west
line of Wlllard. 1C0 feet south from Golden
Gat^ avenue, 25x93:2. $500;. Annie B. Howe to
James E. Bell and A. 1). Harrison, southwest
line of Ninth, 150 feet northwest from Bryant
3oxllO, $3500: Esther Sobey to the president and
board of trustees of the Paclnc Theological
seminary, east line of Cattanooga street, 250
feet north from Twenty-second, 26x123, $3300;
Ida A. JIacredy to William Tegeler, west line
of Church street, 100 feet northeast from Dor
land, %l<k<0; Mary V. and Frank S. Malone to
Kmile Boesch, northwest line of Minna, 74 feet
northwest from Second, 22x60, $3300; Thomas \V.
Rivers et al. to Henry L. and Charlotte Kum
mer. east line of Utaji street, 150 feet south
from Nineteenth, 2ZxlM. $500; John Center to
Richard O'Neill, southeast corner of Sixteenth
and Vermont, 50x100. $1300; John E. and Marga
ret C. Illtl to Joseph Duff, north line of Twen
ty-fifth, 500 feet west from Mississippi, 25x100,
$1.7»; George F. Lyon to John C. Hayes, west
line of Mississippi, 175 feet north from Twenty
fifth, luOx.5, fJOO; Baker & Hamilton to John
E. Shoemaker, south lino of Clement street,' 100
fent west from First avenue, 7:6x25. $500; Jeus
Anderson to Solomon Getz, north line of J
street and west line of Eleventh avenue, 130
feet north from J street and west line of
Eleventh avenue, 250 feet south from I street,
$1300; William E. Lane to Sarah J. Thompson,
west line of Twenty-third avenue. 225 feet south
from J street, 25x120, $500; Aujruste and Ma
thilde Kahn to Walter F. McAllister, south lino
of Thirtieth street. 225 feet east from
Dame, 25x114, $2. r .00; Hartland and Ada Law to
Herbert E. Law, cast line of Van Ness avenue,
122:6 north from Vallejo. 92:6x69, $6000; Herbert
E. and Otacc W. Law to Hartland Law. south
east corner of Van Ness avenuo and Green
ytreet. SSxSO, $6000; George L. and Barbara
Payne to Marraret A. Skelly, .northwest
corner of McAllister and Laguna, 30x100,
$18, COO: Isaac and Emily Ellaser to B. Harris,
east line of Ftllmore. 137:6 feet north from
Hayes, 27x137:6, f 10, 000; Edward L. Combs et
al. to Ephralm Cohn, south line of Post, 143:3
feet west from Webster, 24xl37'.6. $1000; Jonn
Ix>i)ghr.in to Charles A. and Francis J. Sulli
van, north line of Page street. 50 feet west
from Broderick. 25x100, $60tX); Thomas Mageo
s?r. to.Adolph C. Boldemann, east line of Ma
sonic avenue, US feet north from Frederick,
23:7x116:7, $1430: Thomas Ma?ee Sr. to Alexan
der Swanson, east line of Masonic avenue. 153:1
north from Frederick. 25:7x132:5, $14"0; Henri
etta Stewart to John O. south line of
Clipper, 133:4 north from Noe, 24:6x114, $2000;
Andrew and Annie Norln to Edward Franklin,
wait line of Diamond, 75 feet south from Seven
teenth. 24x125. J30O0; Hiram L. and Sarah E.
Coyr to Teonesto Vicchio, south line of Green
wich street, 6S:3 feet -{vest from Mason, 46x60,
$50(0.
FROM THE LODGE ROOMS
OF VARIOUS SOCIETIES
Review of Matte/s of Interest to Mem
bers of Many Organizations.
CONDITION OF REAL ESTATE
MARKET IN SAN FRANCISCO
Review of Past Week's Transactions
in City and SuburbanProperty.
. ¦ \
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 11, 1900.
35
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
NOV. 8I> TO NOV. 17TH. INCLUSIVE.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday. Wednesday Thura-
flay. Friday and Saturday. Italn or »h'lne
Five or more races each day.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Teiry-boats leave San Francisco at U m. and
12:30, I,- 1:30. 2. 2:30 and S p. m.. connecting
with trains etoppinr at the entrance to the
track. .Last two cars on train reserved for
ladles and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway, Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San, Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway. Oakland. These electric cars
BO direct to the track in fifteen minutes.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4:45 p. m. and Immediately after the last race.
THOM A8 H. WILLIAMS JR., Freaident. -
B. B. MILROT, Secretary. -.
19C0-WIXTER MEETING— 1901.
RACING! RACING! RACING I
Presenting: by special request.
"A HIGH TONED BURGLAR."
DOLAN and LENHARR
Parquet. 23c. any seat: balcony, 10c: children.
10c, any part except reserved. A few front
Orchestra rows reserved, 50c; front rows of bal-
cony, reserved. I5c.
UNION COURSING PARK
TO-DAY!
Sunday, November Hth,
RECORD-
BREAKING
Open Stake!
128— NOMINATIONS-128
'Every Hound
* A Champion!
$1500-Prize Money-$1500
TRAIN SERVICE:
Leaves Third and Townsend streets 9:15 a. m.,
10-15 a- m.. 11 a. m., 12 m. and 1 p. m. Re-
turning at 4:43 p. m. and after the last course.
San .Mate© electric cars every «lx minutes.
Admission 25c; Ladies Free.
In a new act.
PRELLE'S TALKING DOGS
Loadoa Dock brand. Reg. f 1.03.
Rock and Rye bottle 75c
German rock candy. Crystalized.
With pure Eve Whiskey.
Cure* colds quickly. Reg. 51.00.
Brady's Malt Whiskey *
For medicinal usa. V»rkff1*» Arr-
EeffolarWc. DOttlC O5C
Reisling Wine gallon 30c
Perfectly clejy. mild and smooth,
hit. Helena Vineyard. Beg. 6<c.
Covington Whiskey
aS h gc^! rbon gallon $1.85
Eeffniar 1219.
71S Market St. 8.F. J Ehattnck At, Fwkeley
$tth & WasTi'n, Oak Central Ave, Altncda
7th & Wood, Oak. | 58 let Street. 6aa Joee.
Ro} T al Savon Soap
Full weight. _ t. _ __ _ _
Tour fnU money's 9 Dar S 25C
•worth of soap. 6ells acd satisfies by
merit only. Monday and Tuesday.
Dr. Price's B'k'g Powder
The original brand. r^nifnA 1»»^.
YooTe «ire of it pound 3OC
being pure. Regular 4oc.
Citron, Lemon and Orange
Peel' 2 pounds 25c
CryEtal'zed. Monday and Tuesday.
Thompson's Sultanas
2 p Ounds -£
Guataniala Coffee (Roaeted)
Mild— i<ut rich in -nnnnri t rr>
flavor and .olor. pOUna 15c
Regular 30c
Fancy Japan Tea
Natural color. rtniin/3 -» r/»
Natural leaf. pound 35C
gplderleg stylo. Regular 50c.
Beech Falls Whiskey
itraisht bourbon. bottle COr
Hogular boa UULUC 5UC
Old Tom Gin bottle' 75c
Phenomenal Contralto.
NOR AH BAYES
The Clever Dialect Impersonator.
JESSIE COUTHOUI
Mr. Thomas E. Wood of S18 Seventeenth
street. Sacramento, Cal., writes: "It af-
fords me much pleasure to state that af-
•ter using only one 50-cent box of Pyramid
Pile Cure I was cured of the painful and
annoying disease, after having suffered
from piles, for thirty years and tried
everything and could only get temporary
relief. I was advised by two of the best
physicians in California to have an oper-
ation and I did and suffered iilmost death
but the piles returned and my suffering
at times was so great I was not able to
walk until I saw an advertisement of the
Pyramid Pile Cure. I got it at once and
was relieved from the nrst application. I
am so grateful that I • feel like recom-
mending it to any and every one afflicted
with piles."
The prompt relief and rapid cure which
follow the -use of this remedy gave the
impression that possibly it might contain
opium, cocaine or some similar drug, but
a careful and frequent analysis of the
remedy has proven it to contain no in-
jurious drugs whatever, but it cures by
astringent properties and healing oils.
The Pyramid Pile Cure Is sold by drug-
plsts everywhere at 50 cents for full-sized
package.' ¦ .
Each package conlains a little book on
cause and cure of piles, together -with tes-
timonials from thousands of cured pa-
tients from every part of the United
States and Canada.
The cases that Pyramid Pile Cure do not
reach are so few that physicians are doing
away with operations for piles and depend
more and more upon this simple but safe
and effective remedy to accompllsh-a com-
plete cure and It never disappoints in any
form of piles, whether protruding, Itching
or bleeding.
Will Not Reach.
The Cases That Pyramid Pile Cure
ar£ very few.
THE GREAT
DUNHAM FAMILY
In their wonderful acrobatic aerial specialty.
WM. J. HYNES
The Well-Known Local Favorite.
His Vaudeville Debut.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Presenting a novel musical comedietta,
"AN OPERATIC REHEARSAL."
MR. AND MRS.
DAN HIATT
America's Foremost Comedienne.
First appearance In vaudeville of
CELEBRITIES
WEEK COMMENCING MATIXEE
TO-DAY (SUNDAY). November 11.
LOCAL. NATIONAL AND V.CRLD FAMOUS
AFTERNOON PROGRAMME.
1. March The Royal Marine Band
2. Overture "William Tell"
3. Harp solo SIgnor Setaro
4. "Albwmblatt."
5. "Trovatore."
II.
6. Act II "Ballo In Maschera."
7. Tenor solo... F. Glannlnl
S. "Hearts and Flowers."
9. Epilogue "Mephlstole"
(First time here.)
EVENING PROGRAMME.
J. March.-..' "Teasing Hearts"
:. Overture "Fest"
5. Harp solo Slgnor Setaro
4. Trumpet solo "Infammatus"
Z. Act IV "La Travlata."
II.
6. Overture "Barber of Seville"
T. Tenor *olo Slgnor Gtannlnl
5. <a) "Summer Nlttht's Frolic."
fb) "Blzzarta Polka."
9. Act II "La Glaconda."
TO-NIGHT— Last Time,
STUART fi'OBSON
And His Excellent Company la
"SHE STOOPS TO CONQUER"
ISSiKSw MONDAY
FRANK
Supported by His Entire New York
Company of Sixty People, Including
HELEN REDMOND, KATE UART,
NORMA KOPP. in His NEW COMIC
OPERA HIT,
Music by VICTOR Herbert, com-
poser of "The Wizard of th» Nil*."
•Th« Idol's Eye" and "The Sere-
n*<>." Book by Klrke L» - Shell*,
author of "Princess Chic." and
Frederic Ranken, author of "Hm
Smugglers."
"An Emphatic Hit,~New York Herald.
ALF El^LINGHOUSE Prop, and Muuw
Phono South 770.
6t Z1i)r* MATINEE TO-DAY,
TO-NIGHT,
Ttis Popular Comedian.
FRANK
TANNEHILL JR.
v AJH> HIS OWN COMP-A2TT. :.|
Present the Latest Eastern Succor*. j
A YOUNG
WIFE.
A pl&7 that every man wno Iotm a goo4
woman should see.
Qrr The Realistic Den Scene
ULU The great Murder committed
Hear ths Famous Sonr.
"Eyery thing Is LoYelj 04 the Bowery"
Evening Uc. 23c. 35c. BOo and 75o
Matinee 15c, 23c, 33o and (0a
Kext— Hoyt - » "X Stranger In New York.**
olympia iita&i
THE ONI/T TREE VAUDEVILLE SHOW W
the cm.
MabelIudsoh,
Ban Francisco's Celebrated Sonj Bird. '
HANLON- AND SINGER,
v-t; Roman Rlac Experts. I 1
¦ y ¦ , " -.-¦ -•¦¦¦--. ¦ ¦¦-v.-. 1 *^ --" '
HENDERSON AND EVERS,
Comedy Sketch Team.
AND OUR CELEBRATED STOCK COMPAJfT.
PTCrWTTP'Q CONCERT HOUSE.
rlOlsJtl£in O Admission lOc.
FacclA Puerarl, Allesanaron!, Irene and
Beatrice. Harry Walton, the -Morrlse*. ClaJr*
Fex and second act of "Travlata."
Reserved seats. 25c Matinee Sunday.
After-Theater . Refreshments.
The completeness of the arrangement!
made for your entertainment In the Sup-
per Room can be estimated when It ia
known that the attributes responsible for
the popularity of the Grill Rooma are In
evidence here. Delightful music, prompt
service, moderate charges. Open every
evening (Sundays excepted) from 9:30 to
12 o'clock. Entrance- from, the court and -
main of Bee."
Palace Hotel Supper Room.
Weekly Call, J>1 J>$> Year.
THE GRAND MUSICAL
FESTIVAL!
The Royal Marine Band of Italy
55-SOLOISTS-55
AND ALL NEXT WEEK,
TO-DAY
At 2:15 P. ffl.
TO-NIGHT
At 8:15,
COUNTRY ORDERS CAREFULLY AND PROMPTLY FILLED.
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY.
SE. Corner Gear? and Stoc&bon Sinsb, San Frinsiu).
UNION SQUARE.
•M~i":"i"i"i"i-i"i":-i"i"i"i-^-i"i"i"i-i-i"X"!":"i"i"i~!"i»?
Curtains and Draperies k'ade to Order on Short tfoiic? gt Reasonable Prices!
Complete assortment of Imitation Arabian Curtains, rang-
ing in price from $6.50 to $13 50 per pair, in
single and double borders.
Full line of French Bobbinet, all widths, in White, Ecru
and Ochre; also Arabian Laces, Mary Antoinette
Braids and all other up-to-date trimmings,
by the yard at popular prices.
Nottingham Curtains, an endless variety in new real lace
effects, at $1.25, $1.50, $1.75 and upward per pair.
Handsome Couch Covers, in Oriental designs, from $2.75
to $10.00 eao.
New line of Moquette Ru s and Ingrain Art Squares jus
received, new and nobby pat ems popular prices.
IN OUR
-—NEW GOODS
GRAND OPERA
SEASON I
MAURICE CRAU OPERA CO.
Betfnslaff MONDAT EVENING, Nor. HIS.
Morosco's Grand Opera Honse.
MONDAT EVKNINa. Norember 12tX at •
o'clock. Gounod's Opera.
"HOMXX> ET JULIETTE." (In French.*
Mmes. Melba, Bridewell. Bauermaistcr: MM,
Ed. da Resske. Plancon. Bars. Slzea,
Gillibert. Dufriche. Maselro and
Saleza,
Conductor Sir. MandatCl.
TUESDAT EVENING. November 13th. »t I
• ¦ o'clock. Wagner's Opera.
"TANNHACSEB." (In German.)
Mmes. Gadskl, Olitzka and Susan Strong: Slit.
Van Dyck. Blass. Bars. Muhlmann.
Hubennet. Vtvlanl and Blepham.
Conductor Mr. Walter Damroseh.
¦WEDNESDAY EVENING. November litX at •
o'clock. Verdi's Opera.
"AIDA." <In Italian.)
Mmes. Nordlca. Bauermeister and LoolM
Homer; MM. Scottl. Plancon. Journet.
Maselro and Imbart <!« la Tour.
Conductor J Slg. MandnallL
THURSDAY EVENING. November Mtb. at t
o'clock. Gounod's Opera,
"FAUST." (In French.)
Mmes. Melba. Bauermeister. Homer: MM.
Saleza. Campanarl. Dufrlche and Planroru
Conductor M. Flon,
FRIDAT EVENING. Novemb-r Utb, at S
o'clock. Warner's Opera.
"DER FIJEGEN-DE HOLLANDER." Tb»
Flytnjr Dutchman. (In German.)
Mmes. Gadskl and OUtzka: MM. Dippel, Blass.
• Ears and Blspham.
Conduotor Mr. Walter Damrowch,
SATURDAY AFTERNOON. November 17th. at
2 o'clock. Donizetti's Opera.
••LTTCIA DI LAMMERMOOR." «n Italian.)
Mmes. Melba. F.auermelst»r: MM. Scottl. Bars,
Journet. Maselro and CremoninL
Conductor Stir. ManctoaQL
SATURDAY EVENING. November 17th. at •
o'clock. Warner's Opera.
"LOHENGRIN." (In German.)
Mmes. Nordlca and Schumann-Helnk: &?£.
Van Dyck, Bisoham, Muhlmann and
Ed. de Reszke.
Conductor Mr. Walter Damroach.
Good Seats for All of Above Performances oa
Bale at Box Office.
PRICES— Orchestra and Dress Clrcl», fT:
Back Rows of Orchestra. $5: Family Clrcla.
$3; Gallery. $2: all reserved. Boxes. |40 to tSO.
ANNOUNCEMENT.
StTNDAY- EVENING NEXT. Ntrrmnber UtSu
FIRST POPULAR NIGHT.
IL TROVATORE.
Mmes. Nordlca. Van Cauteren and Olltika;
MM. Campanarl. Journet. Masiero and
Dlppel.
Popular Prices— S3 and |2: trallery. IT.
SEATS READY TO-MORROW.
Notice— Second week's repertoire will b« an-
nounced Tuesday. Seats ready Wednesday
morning-.
WEBER PIANO fSED.
CITY' °i|§||# PARIS
Dry Goods <&i&0i> Company.
AD VISTISE JOENTS.
AMUSEMENTS.
*T"§VOLI*
LAST TIME -TO-NIGHT
"CARMEN"
Tc-Morrow Bagins tha Sixteenth and
Final Week of the Grand Opsra Season.
MONDAY AND WEDNESDAY NIGHTS.
"ERNANI"
FRIDAY EVENING.
"CAVALLERIA" and
"PAGLIACCI"
SATURDAY EVENING.
"OTHELLO"
TUESDAY. THURSDAY. ANT> SUNDAY
NIGHTS AND SATURDAY MATINEE.
"MIGNON"
COLLAMARINI as MIGNON.
MONDAY. NOVEMBER 19.
Gala Opening of the
COMIC OPERA SEASON
V.'ith Stance & Edwards' Masterpleca
II MUSKETEER"
MIRTH! MELODY! MUSIC! I UN!
DRIVE DULL CARE AWAY t
POPULAR PRICES — 25c and 50c
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
MATINEE TO-DAY AND TO-NIGHT. ¦
LAST NIGHT OP
A DIVORCE COLONY.
MONDAY EVENING. Dee. 3-Reop*h!n* of
the dramatic season. The Oliver-Leslie Com-
P '*TflE PRISONER OF. ZENDA."
Evening Prices ....10c. 15c, Be, Me
A Few Front Rows In Orcheitra 75o
Matinee Prices .10c. 15c. 2Sc, 60c— No higher
.Sft&ftSW.
MATINEE TO-DAY, SUNDAY.
TO-NIGHT. TO-MORROW AND TUESDAY,
LAST FOUR PERFORMANCES.
"LOST PARADISE."
Wednesday A CYCLONE OF FUN!
•IS 1 - His Absent
Balance 6! T>^^i.
Week, XSOyi
A. M. Palmer's Comedy Hit.
MRS. LOUISE HUlirHRBT-SMITH. In three
Dramatic Recitals at Century Hall. 1213 But-
ter »t.. beginning FRIDAY EVENING. Nov.
18. with "Paolo and Franceeca." by Stephen
Phillips. Course tickets. $150; slnsio. 75c
On aale at 'Sherman tt Clay*. \
AMUSEMENTS.
yTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 11, 190(1.
36
BA5 FRAXCISCO CALL.
UCEINTJSS OTFICE of The Baa Francisco
fVTi corner cf Uarket and Third streets, open
tustn U o'clock «v«ry night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S^ Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 8:S0 p. ra.
tXt Hayes street; cpen until S:SO p. m.
s_ McAllister street ; open until 9:30 p. m.
CIS Larkln rtreet; cpen until 5:30 p. m.
1M1 _lB8lcn etreet; cpen until 10 p. « .
CO. Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
trtll f r. rn.
106 Ele^-enth street; cpen until 9 p. ra.
IDS* Valencia street; cpen until 9 p. m.
Korthwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tncky ttrt*t«: open until 9 p. m.
enrncu services.
CALVAJtY Presbyterian Church at the Young
JIen'» Christian Association, Mason and L"l-
*.<¦ eta.— Rev. John Henrhlll. D.D.. pastor.
Services at 11 a. m. and 7:30 p. jn. Rev.
Henry Sinclair K.!!len. Ireland, will preach:
morning topic, "Looking at the Unseen."
Evening topic. "A Man's Mistake." Sabbath
f chool and Bible class at 12:30. Christian En-
deavor SociftCy at 6:S0 p. rn. Wednesday even-
ing eervice at £ o'clock. On the following
Funcay KranciF IfBXptqr will give one of his
celebrated lectures, cordially wel-
comed.
HOWARD Presbyterian Church. Oak end Ba-
ker et«.— Rev. J. S. Thomas, pastor. Sunday
(¦chool at S:30 a. rn. Morning service at 11.
Fubject. "The Teaching Qualifications of
Jeeus." Christian Endeavor meeting at 6:45.
Evening, "What Is That to Thee? Follow
Thou M*>." Services at 7:45 during the week.
A cordial vclrorr.e to all.
FIRST Congregational Church, corner Post and
Mason ets. — Rev. Oeorpe' C. Adams. D.D..
raster. At 11 a. m. t address by rresident
David Starr Jordan»of Stanford Univtrsity;
theme, "The Philosophy of Despair." At 7:30
p. rn.. Bcmmn by Rev. William Rader; theme,
"Christ's" Doctrine of Life." All ar« cor-
dially Invited.
THIKD Congregational Church, Fifteenth Ft.,
near |_o iOO— nut. William Rader. pastor. 11
a. m.. *.<rmon by the pastor. "The Test of
I>l»cij.lesh!p." 7:30 r>. m., sermon by Dr.
Ueorge Adams.
eT. LUKE'S Episcopal Church, cor. of Van
Ness ave. ar.d Clay et. Holy commur.ion, 6
a. m. Morning prayer, 31 o'clock. Evening
*erviee, 7:45 o'clock. Rev. T. J. Mackay, rec-
tor of All Saints' Church. Omaha, will
jweach both morning and evening.
ET. PAUL'S <"hurch, California et.. near FiU-
rncre.— Rev. W. M. Rrilly, rector; Rev. A. C.
Wilson, assistant. Holy communion, 7:3> a. m. ;
Funday-pchool. i:il a. m. : morning prayer and
Bcrmon, 11 o'clock; evening 7:45
o'clock: the r*>ct.cr will preach et both serv-
ice*. Week day services dally ct 10 a- m.
TRINITY Church, corner Bush and Gough
eta.— Rev. Frederick W. Clumpett, D.D.. rec-
tor. Holy communion, £ a. m. Morning serv-
ice. 11 o'clock. I'vcning frayer, 4 o'clock.
The rector will Trcach.
BECOND Unitarian Church, corner Carp and
Twentieth Fts.— Sunday school at 10 a. m Per-
mon LI a. m. l>y Hev. N. A. Haskel! of Pan
.:¦--: i?ubj«-r-t. "The Beautiful Soul." The
mominf? music Is made a. special fe-aturo of
the eervice. At 7:45 p. m. Rev. Mr. Haskell
will preach on "The Kirk's Soliloquy in
Hamlet." All welcome. Scats free.
FIRST Churoh of ChriFt. Pcientist. Central
block. 2_ Sutter Ft., between Kearr.y Ft. and
Grant ave.— Christian Science Hi tile lesson at
21 a. m.; subject. "P»ul. and* Body." Sunday
school fur children at the same hour.
Wednesday cverSng. meeting at 8 o'clock.
Free reading-room, IT'C K< arny St., room SIO.
All are welcome.
ASSOCIATION Auditorium. Ma«on ani Kills
rts — Special mass meeting for men only, to-
day at 3 o'clock; day of prayer for young
men In all lands. Address by Rev. William
Rader. Service oj>en free- to all young men.
BALVATION Army Headquarters, 1133 Market j
Ft.— Mrs. Charlton Edhoim, author of that
FtarUing book, "Traffic in Girls an<i Work ,
of Rescue MissionF." vrl'A deliver a thrilling
eflaress on "Traffic In «iirls" at the above
plare Sunday e~— tafc November Jl. at 7:30.
Good music and Finpirjr, and plenty of it.
SPECIAL meetings; final Keries, at the ha'.l 11
City Hall equare. near Market. Sunday after-
noon at 3 o'clock, instructive address to '
Christians. Sunday evcnir.c at 7:4.".. Gospel '
meeting. Tuesday, Wednesday end Thursday
«>ven!nirs at 7:45, Bible readinss. Undencm- 1
Snatlonal. Seats free. Come— bring your
Bible.
Jkl^MBCRS cf The Little Floek. not meeting j
elsewhere, ere invited to a Chrtet memorial
service et Exce'.?ior Hall. Mission st., be- •
twee.n Nineteenth and Twentieth, at 11 o'clock S
Sunday morning.
THE TheOFOpb.ir.al Boclety public lecture to-
night at 8 o'clock In Odd Fellows' building '•
by Miss M. A. Walsh. Subject. "The Ma-
hafcharata."
THE Fin«t Divine Science Church. M. E. Cra-
mer, pastor, meets every Sunday at 11 a. m. J
In "Home College." E2G0 Se\-enteenth et., bt- •
tween Valencia and Mission. Sunday school
r.t '.' a. ::.. Subject of discourse, "True Pro-
press."
X.DTrUItES on "The Temple of Solomon" con-
tinued by 3. McDonald at Gospel Hall. Six-
teenth et., near Valencia. Sunday and Tues-
day everslncs at 7:45. You are cordially in-
vited to etter.d. No collection.
MENTAL Science Tempi* meets at 11 a. tn..
Golden Gate Ha!!. Harry Gaze, lecturtr.
PubMc Invited. Free. ¦
MEETINGS — SUNDAY.
X>R. J. PnPETW KEROAN trill lecture this
*r>enlnar on "The Human Hair, Its Cultivation
and Restoration." at Crystal Hall, Pythian
Caetle, &f>9 Market et., followed by ma.pr.lfl-
cent views of a visit tr> the Paris Exposition.
Free, tickets will b*. distributed for the X- -
Ray exhibition at the Sanitarium next Tues- I
<!ay eve. Seats free. No collection.
Jk. GRAND illUFtrated lecture on "Brain Power
5a Nervour Diseases ani Weaknetbes" by Dr.
I>hut-_arClalre. with marvelous blindfold _
psychic demonstrations bjr the world-famous f £
"Oriental Reer," at Pythian Ca«le. 1-C!» Mar-
ket St., to-nijht at S; eeats free.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, medium, has removed _
to her own home recently purchased at 1164 f
O'Farre!] Ft., bet. Franklin and Gouph; she
will hold Sunday evening meetings In Decem-
ber; Bluings dally, fl. and consultation for
clairvoyant <iiacnosir.sr of disease.
a. . . , it
A-DR. RINES' Spiritual Society. SC* Market—
31 fre«, t-S Ue: Mrs. Vijrcarn. others; all tests;
Bays Theatrical Company. Mrs. J. Armstrong
rr.e.nRger, Tue«. eve., Nov. 13, »v8 Market, 8; -
benefit Dr. P.lne*' S. S. • J
BENJAMIN TAT MILLS at "Metropolitan
Temple to-night; eubject. "The Religion of -
Jesus" ; the puttie Is invited: more than half I
the eeat« free. A. O. Eckrr.an. organist.
EDWARD EAP.LE In his wonderful Etartling
and convincing occult demonstrations, assist- -
«-d by Mrs. Marion. Pythian Caetle. SC8 Mar- 1
ket Bt, to-nlsht.
_RF. GRIFFIN & SHRINER, spiritual te?t
meeting this evening; all welcome. Scottish
Hall. 107 Larkin st.: 10c. <
ilRS. EVANS; circle to-night. 8 o'clock, 10e;
Ftart developing circle Thursday night. 108
Sixth; rea'iinrs daily.
MRS. STODDA11DS full test readings 1^; '
Tues.. Thure. & Sun., 6 p. m. ITS f'th; sittings.
CIRCLE to-night at 8 sharp, IPe; readings daily. ]
MME. MARQUISE, 5 Hyde Ft., nr. McAllister.
__E. YOrSG'S beneficial spirit rr. essages to- .
night- 3 r /5 Larkln Ft.; 10c; come, ekeptics. ]
VME. JOHNSON— Circles to-day. 2 and 8 p. m.
_2^H Mission et.; admission 10c.
KARL EBERHARDT- Spirit messages to-night '
lOo. 8150 22d Ft.; readings dally.
_R& COLBT. 10411,4 Valencia Et.— Sittings
dally; circles Tuesday evenings.
M__TI>GS— Unt vernal Brotherhood. -
THEOSOPHICAL Society. ?19 Market St.— Lec-
ture to-night. "Common-sense Philosophy," .
by A- Spinks. I. B. league meeting 1st and j
M Tues. n'.ghts; beginners' class Kun., 1:3d
p. m., room 30.
3IEETIXG XOTICES. !
COSMOPOLITAN' Lodge No. 194. .g_k«fc*S.
X. O. O. F.— Th» officer* rind ~/2_5JX?££. A
tnembers cf this lodge are hereby
notified to assemble at their lodge- '«»»< t >
room THIS DAY « SUNDAY). November 11. at 1
1 p. m.. to attend the funeral of our late
brother. ANDREW ANDERSON. By order ;
M. J. BR1ZARD, H. G. ]
~*. _ — EUSER. Itec. Sec. .
FIDELITY Lodge No. 222. I. O. O. .#»«_*. *
f. — All members are requested to &^«gl
b« pres—t TO-MORROW (MON-
r>AY) EVENING, as the Grand
M— <ter will pay an official visit.
WM. B. CURTIS. N. O.
C. T. PHILLIPS. Itec. Sec. ;
ANNUAL meeting— The regular annual meeting
of the stockholders of the Honolulu Planta-
tion Company will be held at the office of
the company. No. 227 Market street. San J
Francisco. California, on MONDAY, the ISth
tfay of November. 1S00. at the hour of 11
o'clock a. m.. for the purpose of electing a
board of director! to Berve for the ensuing .
year, and the transaction of such other bust- ]
nets ae may come before the meeting. Trans-
ler bocks win clone on Thursday, Novembtr
t. 1300, bt t o'clock p. m.
• E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
AXfNCAL meeting— The regular annual meeting J
cf the stockholders of the Honolulu Sugar
Company will be held at the office of the com-
pany. No. . 2T7 Market Ftreet, Fan Francisco.
California, en MONDAY, the 19lh day of No- :
vemVier. 1900, at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m .. *
lor the purpose of electing a board of direc-
tors to serve for the ensuing year, and the
transaction of such other business as ma/ ',
come before the meeting. Transfer books
will clo» on Thursday, November 8. 1300. at >
I 0 clock p. m. 1
¦•^JB' a EHELDOX. Secretary.
aiEETISQ yOTICES.
FAIRMOUNT Lodge No. 108, K. oj 2R
• P.— Members are requested to attend Tfe^
the funeral of our late brother SAM- 2&i<S_^
UEL R. IRWIN, from his late resl- j^SE3
dence, 45 Hill eC, MONDAY. Nov. 12, at 1:30
P- m. R, E. LANE. M. of F.
AGENTS WASTED.
AGENTS wanted— Ladles or gentlemen. In every
town and county on the Pacific Coast for an
eiepant line of holiday books, representing all
the publishers for all ages; 5 samples In one
presr-ectus; stock ready; send for samples.
THE J. DEWING CO.. Flood building.
WE will pay any man $S5 month & traveling
«xren?es to take orders for mout reputable
portrait concern In the U. S. ; Ealary will be
Kuaranfed: position permanent. Address
I>ept. r.O6, Park ave. and 130th st.. N. Y. City.
SEVERAL good men to sell the trade; adver-
tiFlng specialties; liberal contract*; no Idlers
or trlflers. General Advertising and Novelty
Co.. >13 Eush Et.
LADY solicitors: experienced only; something
new; large commission. General Advertising
and Novelty Co.. 313 Bush st. .
AGENTS wanted— Steady employment; $5 to $10
a day easily. Write Immediately Brilliant
Gas -Lamp Co.. 42 State, Chicago.
LADY or gentleman solicitors to Bell oil stock;
new j;lan; Al Ca. 5o2 Parrott bldg.
AGENTS— Do you want something more profit-
able and easier to sell than books or lnsur-
ance? Add. F. PERSON, r. 412. Parrott bldg.
SPECIAL agent wanted; excellent opening for
Person familiar with Insurance. Call at 612
Examlnrr building.
LOCAL agents wanted in ?ac-h Pacific Coast
county: big monpy for live men. Address
WESTERN FYRICIDE CO.. 29 Main st.
SECURE agency Xmas novelty; sample 20c.
East Import Agents' Supply Co.. 1125 Market.
ASPHALTl'M nOOFING.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks; cellar
floors laid, repaired: p^tal. ns6 Mission et.
ASTROLOGV.
Pr.OF. PEARS ALL. 1C27',* MarkeTst. ; readings^
future events; questions; horoscopes; $1 up.
DR C TOUSEY TAYLOR. Scientific Astrolo-
cer— Freo copy "The New Moon." 765 Market.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
R. W. KING, attorney at law. 927 Market St.,
room C27— Estates, damages, attachments,
bankruptcy, collection.": all cases: fair fees;
no advance charges; money loaned on estates.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, SCO Market, cor. Stockton.
•I. EDW. JARRETT. Hearft bldg., lUrd and
Market FtF. ; phone Red 5262.
FREE advice; divorce lawn, damages, estates,
collections. J. A. Mitchell, S14 Montgomery.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. I>avid?on. 927 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK, Emma Spreckels bldg.. SI7 Mar-
kft ft.: cr.nFuitation free: no fees in advance.
BATH CAIIIXETS.
ROBINSON. Niagara, Perfection and others.
W. P HKOWN CO.. acency. 426 Ellis st.. S.F.
HOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
GOOD home for little girl, from 5 years up. 1712
Howard el., near Thirteenth.
GOOD home for 2 children, $S.to $10; furnished
room for parent. 249 Shipley et.
IIICVl'LKS— For Sale ttir I Exchange.
GOOD Fecond-hand bicycles; Al condition; Co-
lumbtaa. Whites, Hartfords. Allen, 1970 Page.
ISCSIX_$S CHARGES.
A— BARGAINS in rooming houses, branch bak-
eries, restaurants, business chances, real es- !
tate. liii.: Market st., room 4.
A— tC.OO; DELICACY & home bakery; clears J150 ;
; fjacrlflced; trial given. 1032 Market, r. 4. j
BAKERY, with large brick oven and every- j
thing complete; fine country town; cheap; ;
part cash, bal. time. Lane & Co.. S65 Market.
WANTED— A loan of $150; security worth $1200. i
IVANE & CO.. 865 Market et. **^ |
(-00— SALOON; stock, fixtures and furniture '
3 rooms; near city front. J. W. DONNELLY j
& CO.. CZ2 Market et. ;
5300— COFFEE and lunch parlor: best business r
part city; bargain. R. G. WILKE, 26V4 Kearny. !
AN oyster depot; clears $200 per month; great
bargain; come quick. Cowing & Co., 719 Mkt.
r'OR tale— A candy factory and cafe, whole^
pale ar.d retail. In one of the best gold mln- '
• ing towns of California and doing a splendid '
business summer and winter; of 7 years' j
standing; owner has to go to Alaska on busi-
nesa and mining interests; will sell for what i
fixtures, machinery and stock will amount to
(probably $2000) ; if parties desiring to buy j
don't know bow to manufacture candies p
owner is willing to stay with them for 2, or, i
if neeefj-ary, 3 month? and teach them; no I
aerate Apply to the L. DEMARTINI SI'P- 1
l'LY CO.. »16 Front St., San Francisco. Cal.
¦HONEST SPECULATION" through security
investment by my "method"; not for specu- I
l&tons looking fi>r exorbitant profits, but those j
peeking reasonable, regular, secure returns; •
investments by this "method" In , wheat and'
stocks have Fatf?fled my customers; particu- |
lfir* free; customer and banking house refer- '
esces; correspondence solicited. R. JONES, '
Investment Broker, 40 Exchange place, N. Y. j
HAVE a fi— t-clas« paying restaurant few j
doors from»corner Market and Powell sts.;
Ill-health compels me to sell the business; |
price $3000. or will take a good partner for I
S1CS0. Address box 3766. Call office. ;
!AN FRANCISCO College of Midwifery: term t
opens in January; persons desiring to take the !
course will apply at onre to DR. S. AMERI- I
CAN, 1244 Mission st.; hours 1 to 3 and G to 8. I
COTION and candy store; branch bakery and i
laundry office; establifhed S years; 2 living
rooms; rent J14; a fine bargain; must sell on |
account of »ieknei=s. £0S»i Filbert st.
niOROUGH business woman wants lady part-
i.er for permanent, profitable cash business; .
light work: experience not necessary: good '
trade established ; $150 required. Box 143, CalL
€00 — CORNER saloon on business street, Z
blocks from Call building; reasons departure
for the na"=t. For particulars apply to S.
BLUMENTHAL & CO.. 658 and 660 Mission.
V— SPLENDID chance for young business man
v. ith $7'/J to invest In good-paying, established
business; no knowledge required: also chance |
for serrelaryrhlp. Box 135, Call office.
r'OR SALE— An iron foundry now In operation 1
In t?an Francisco; fully equipped for all !
classes of castings up to 10 tone. Address
box 172. Call office.
'APAHLE business man with $5000 for the ex-
ploitation of one cf the most important labor-
saving machines of the time. Address box
131, -Call office.
DLD established fruit and vegetable stand on
corner, to let at very reasonable terms. Call
Fouthoast corner California and Leavcnworth.
£-9250; PARTNER wanted; light business; J
Fteady year round; $75 a month; no experience i
required; trial given. 9 Geary et., room 2.
IF you dfFire to sell your business quickly call
en CLOSE & CO.. 209 Kearny et., room 1;
business strictly confidential.
FOR pale— Thft grocery and bar of the late J.
K. A. HELMS; price. $2300. Apply corner
Eighteenth and Howard sts.-
IVANTED— Single man with $300 as partner In j
Ha loon located 1 block from Hall of Justice. ;
Apply at 423-425 Jackson st.
5V ANTED— Baker, with or without capital; j
alto jTtmlses with living rooms for bakery. I
Hox 136, Call office.
ULAOKFMITH chop to let. Apply J. A.
HA IN BRIDGE. ISsi Harmon st., Lorin sta-
tion, Berkeley. •
SCHKOEDER' S automatic shaking machine
and drink mixer patent for sale. 123 Pros-
pect rlace.
SVANTED— To lease, hotel or lodging-house,
furnished; object, to purchase. Box 158, Call.
WANTED to buy, small candy store; state par-
ticulars. Address call box 192, Call office.
FOR sale— Old established carpenter shop.
Inquire 216 Gough st.
LOANS on all kinds of bric-a-brac, statuary,
curios, wedgewood. Dresden ware, lvorya,
bronzes, ellver ware and all articles of value;'
lowest Interest; private entrance and 'room;
perfect secrecy; phone Brown 246; established
1S5L UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
IVANTED — A partner with some cash; manu-
facturing; exclusive business: good money
from the Ftart; will bear Investigation. Call
or write HERRICK. 631 Randolph St.. Napa.
CHICAGO Brokerage Co.. SOS So. E3d ave., Chi-
cago — Sells your business or farm for cash
wherever located; get partner or sell your
patent.
r'OR sale— A first-class delicacy and grocery
etore; centrally located; good business; milk
trade alone pays rent: Investigate this; no
ngents: other business calls me away. Ad-
dress Box 137. Call office.
K GOOD chance for party with small capital to
Invest in gents' furnishing goods and notions
with store fixtures; for eale cheap. Inquire
variety Etore. 2012 Shattuck ave., Berkeley.
r OR sale— A 6mall stock of candy with store
fixtures; a bargain. Call after 6 p. m. 255
Beventh gt.
*•— • - SNAP
Chop house. 239 Eighth Bt.
\ARTNER for first-class coffee parlor; must
have $1500. Box US, Call offlc*.
.. 1
BUSINESS CHAJfCES— COXTiyUED.
WANTED— By a lady, a partner In a restau
rant -n Oakland; must be able to take f.ul
charge. Address 417 Seventh St., Oakland.'
) GROCERY and bar In good location; atock li
eight for full purchase price, W. Lu HAR
! PER, 897 Parrott bnlldlng. '
$12,000— NEW building and atable: lot 100x120
grocery and bar. stock and fixtures: on en.
' of car line; clearing t300 a mo. Box 130, Call
| OYSTER and chop houw In mountain town
doing good business; satisfactory reasons fo
selling. Ad. L. BALDWIN. Mokalumna Hill
STATE and county rights for sale In a newlj
patented household article; quick seller; bli
money. 927 Market st., room 613.
WORK by the month': paipting, whitening an:
tinting; country preferred. Box 123. Call.
FOR sale— Wood and coal yard, with Improve
ments. Apply 1113 Folsom Bt.
*A BARBER shop, S chairs, across the bay. foi
tale. Address box 12. Call office.
FISH and delicacy store for Bale. Address S4i
Virginia st.. Vallejo.
N50-RESTAURANT tn good running order
receipts |2& day; trial given. 233 Sixth 6t.
FOR SALE. " ~~
On account of sickness, one of the oldest ani
best-known restaurants and saloon.
J30CO to $5000 required. Apply 116 Front st
INSIDE route on this paper for gale. Applj
CALL business offico. •
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
rubecrlptiocs haa been established at 103(
Valencia st.
LODGI.\G-HO17SES FOR SALE.
STENBERO _ CO 759 Market Bt.
Phone Black 4071
MONEY TO LOAN ON ALL HOUSES.
21 rooms; Powell; best transient *120C
15 rooms; Ellis; new and elegant bargain. 16(X
10 rooms; near Eddy; best in city 65C
1« rooms; fine corner; all full &W
1" rooms; Ellis st. ; good location: cheap.. 3(X
12 rooms; funny; all housekeeping 173
6 rooms: new; a bargain 173
Many ohters. Call for list. STENBERG & CO.
I7P0-BAY-WINDOW house, 16 rooms; rent $23,
! including water; good furn.: clears $50; cheap-
est house In city. STENBERG CO.. 759 Mkt.
M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market st. room 1. Free list.
New bargains every clay— good-paying houses,
j Over 500; all sizes and prices; terms easy.
11 rooms; pays well; rent $10 $300
! IS rooms: rent $55; full; respectable 800
: ].• rooms; Rood house and central '950
I 1> rooms; full; clears ISO month 600
CS rooms; clean; central; apartments 3500
55 rooms; snap; central; paying 8RO0
1!7 rooms; lit;ht; good furniture; fine 1000
43 rooms: apartments: clears $107 month. 1600
A. L. WILLEY. room 18. 916 Market St.
16 rooms, $750; rent with water, $25. Hcward.
near new Postoffice; all rented.
15 rooms, $1100; rent with water, $65. Geary
St.: oak furniture; hot water in every room.
29 rooms. $1700; rent $100: one floor. Market
St.. opposite I. O. O. F. building.
Other houses. lots, farms, mines and any-
thing you want for sale or exchange. 916 Mar-
ket ft.; open from 8 to 8; phone Black 5215.
A— 22-ROOM house; central , $1000
ro-room house: first class 1050
11 -room house. $475: 6-room flat SZT,
20-rocm house: Eddy; rent $75; only 900
FISHER & CO., 1032 Market st.
i8 SUNNY rooms; flat, beautifully furnished:
I oak; swell-front chiffoniers; dining-room seta:
j combined bookcase; new carpets: must sell
j regardless of price. Fisher & Co., 1032 Market.
i Kl'YERS of lodginp-houses will find large list;
I fine bargains in lodging-houses. Samples:
j 102 rooms; rent $C4; price $1500.
j 12 rooms; rent $34; price $400.
I 44 rooms: rent $250: flne corner; clears $300 a
! month; price $4000.
I We loan money to buyers at 1% per cent.
j SCHWE1NHARD & CO.. 917 Market St.. be-
! tv.een Fifth and Sixth. Phone Mint 1911.
j HOUSE 10 rooms; Haight st.; low rent.
House 27 rooms; O'Farrell St., good paying.
I House 11 rooms; Van Ness ave.
i House 16 rooms; Fourth st.
I House 24 rooms: Geary St.; rent $100; $1250.
! See large list of house* at office.
j NATIONAL REAL ESTATE CO.. 3 Ed3y St.
j K. H. WINSTON & CO.. 1026 Market st.
j 27 rooms, 19 furnished; rent $ ? .O $175
I 60 rooms; cheap rent *20OO
! SR rooms; at a bargain S00
I 32 rooms; cost to furnish $3700 1500
800 OTHER BARGAIX8.
¦ A SNAP— $75W; well-patronized 30-room hotel;
I Alameda; main street: sell on very easy
terms or exchange for flats or residence.
! FI'ECK & CO., 667 Market Bt.
I THE best centrally located rooming-house on
! Market st for Eale; 31 rooms; nearly all
rented steady, balance rented transient; have
to sell on account of mining interest. Box
197. Call office.
; FOR SALE — Board and rooming house. 11
' rooms; modern: newly furnUhed; must sell on
I account of sickness; a bargain. Apply 717
1 McAllister st.
14-ROOM sunny corner new house; new furni-
ture; all full; sacrificed. 1032 Market St., r. 4.
WILL pay cash for a 20 to 85 room house with
steady roomers. Box 8, Call office.
ROOMING house of 17 rooms on account of
plcknesw: cheap. 12"A.Eddy St.
CARRIAGES AXD WAGONS.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. £32 Mission.
NEW & 2d-hahd w.agons, buggies, carts & har-
ness, work & driving horses, loth & Valencia.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. E. M. DUVAL.
425 GOLDEN GATE AVE.,
Late of Los Angeles.
Mrs. Duval is a natural born clairvoyant and
business medium. She tells your past, present
and future life, diagnoses diseases, cures deaf-
ness, etc. If there are obstacles In the path of
jour life she can tell you how to overcome them
and how to avoid them.
Mrs. Duval has practiced successfully In Los
Angeles for the past nine year3 for all the prin-
cipal business people, as well as those in the
highest society, and still has patrons there, to
whom she will continue to give her valuable
advice. N
ARRIVED— Mrs. Dr. Farnham, world-renowned
spiritual medium; advice in all affairs of life,
lawsuits, divorces, deaths; unites the sepa-
rated; mining a specialty; clrs.Sun.,Wed.,Frl.
ev's; come and be convinced. (Permanently^
C13 Eddy St., bet. Hyde and Larkin: no aign.
••CONSULT WATSON." 1581 Mkt . nr. lith!
medium, clairvoyant, psychic & palmist; 50c &$1.
MRS. LESTER. 1035 Market Bt.. room 1; circles
Sun., Tues.. Fri., 8 p. m.; 10c; read, daily.
MRS. CORNELIA, formerly Mrs. Anthony, re-
turnod to business; spiritualist. 46 beventh.
M RS V1OARS' test meeting to-night, 10c; 14S
Bixth Bt., room 32, floor.
EDWARD EARLE. psychic. 128 Powell st.
hours 9 to 5; Sunday at K. of P. Hall.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, bur
medium, life reader; sltt. $L 1161 O'Farrell.
MME. MAJORS, glftetl spiritual medium
healer and card reader. 132 Sixth St., room 1.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer, tit tings; convincing tests to-night; 10c.
—— —^ ¦— —^ — — >— 1— _— mm ._,
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. BERNARD
This famous clairvoyant and business medlunr
13 now permanently located at 17 Third st., next
Examiner bldg. MME. BERNARD reads your
llffc fluently without asking question, tells your
past, reveals to you your future, gives valuable
advice In all affairs of life; by her wonderful
p<-wer she unites the separated; if you are In
. trcHible of any kind, unhappy or sick consult
MME. BERNARD; she has never failed to give
satisfaction to any who have sought her aid and
afristance. These are exciting days in oil stocks
In California, and you will find her advice as
to what to buy and when to sell of great value.
Any business you are contemplating going into
see MME. BERNARD; her advice will be of
Ei eat value to you. Consult In person or by
mail. . Separate parlors for ladles.
lbMAR. THE GYPSY. ¦
ISMAR. the Egyptian Gypsy, draws aside the
uncurtained years ahead; happiness and success
go hand in hand, yet hundreds fail where, suc-
cess is possible were it not for a lack of fore-
sirht Into the future. If you are In trouble of
any kind, discontented, unhappy of not tatis-
fled In life, consult ISMAR, for she I3 a proph-
etess of world-wide fame, and her name has
become a proverb in thousands of homes made
happy by her aid and advice. ISMAR can be
consulted daily from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. t gun-
days by appointment only, at her office. 1148
Market, opp. 6th. Full life reading by mall $5.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket St.. corner of Golden Gate? ave., rooms 25
and 26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mail. Send stamp for pamph-
let with special terms.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant _ card
reader, born with double veil _ second sight;
diagnoses disease with life, reading; ladles 50c,
genta $1; palm and clalr. git $1 50. 126 Turk.
MME. BERNARD reads life fluently; aclvlc*
given in all affairs of life; satisfaction guar-
anteed; 25c up. 17 Third st.. next Examiner.
MRS. _. SANDERS, 514 Taylor St., near Geary
—Clairvoyant, palmist and business medium;
ladies' circle Thurs., 2 p.m.; Frl.. 8 ; cir. 25c.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, opp.
6th; private readings dally, 10 a. m. to 6 p. m.
CONSULT the gifted clairvoyant, fee, 25c. 349H
Minna Bt., near Fifth.
i I
CLAIRVOYANTS. •
jj REMOVED— The great Inspirational card read-
er; price 25c and 60c: hours 10 a. m . till 9 P.
. m. ¦ MADAME VAN BERGEN, 223 Fulton St.
a MRS. MELVILLE, well-known clairvoyant, wa-
ter reader, moved to 11 Sixth; German spoken.
- MRS. CAMERON, clairvoyant, card reader,m«-
j alum; 25o up. 823 MlSBlon st.,nr.4th; ring bell.
• MME. ZEREDA. the gypsy. Is the great palm-
7 »st and card reader; 25c. 7 Seventh it.
r MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
- palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c 1149 Mission.
r MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader; past.
r present, future, 25o. 143 Sixth »t., room 14.
. MRS. E. M. DUVAL. clairvoyant and bualnona
1 medium. 425 Golden Gate ave.
- MM ?«" SCH AFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
- BlttlngB dally. u$}& Jessie at.
. MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
f advice; names given; 25o up. 6 Fourth «t.
5 £ AJlPET BEATING AXD CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
fend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
1 Ing Works. 353-357 Tehama St.; lei. South 4«.
" STANDARD. 313 Guerrero— Curtains and blan-
1 Kets renovated, 25c per pair; carpents cleaned,
Sc yd. : laying a specialty. Phone Mission 10«.
CA .££ E JJL cleane(1 at 3c Per yard, laid at 6c
; BTRATTON'S. 8 Eighth st; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-Beating and Reno-
| vatlng Co.. 240 Fourteenth st. ; tel. Mission 74.»
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
' STEVEKS, rogr.. 38-40 8th st.; tel South 250.
I ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 894. QEO. WALCOM. proprietor. .
: CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 GoU;n
Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
CHIROPODISTS.
BUNIONS, Ingrown nails, coTnsT^absoTute^cure^
v ralnlpys: cona'ilfn frop. Dr. Duncan. 41"iSutter.
> ~~ —
> COLLECTION OFFICES.'
I GEORGE W. KELLY'S AKem-y^^o~cnTrgre""un^
I less euccpssful. Room 310 9^7 MarKet st
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE 4 sunny rooms; rent reasonable.
2415 Clay at., near Flllmore.
COTTAGE of 0 rooms and bath; 1305 Ellis st
Inquire 1221 Lacuna st.
I FOUR-ROOM cottage, stables; Falrmount
i tract; $7. Apply 40&3 Army Bt.
| TEHAMA', 9— Cottage. 6 rooms; nice yard;
i | business location; rent cheap.
' j ?&— HOUSE of 4 rms., worth $14; In city, near
Holly Park; water free. 64 Silver St., off 3d.
COTTAGES WASTED.
WANTED — 4 or 5 room cottage. In city or
Oakland. Box 2C0. Call office.
DENTISTS.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. !o9~Mar^
ket St., cor. 4th, rai. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 £0 up; plates, extractions free, ti 50 up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays. 9 to 2
I p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M.D.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
j and fillings; extractions or fillings by my won-
I deiful secret, painless method;* 20 years' ex-
! perlence; no students; advice free; prices
| cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGEf W. LEEK. 20 OFarrell Et.
A NEW plate, the unbreakable . Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns and bridge-
work; teeth without a plate; nillnES, 60c:
crowns, $3 DO; plates, full set. Jl 00;* all work
painless and warranted. Chicago Dental Par- '
lors. 24 Sixth st.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting, 50c; gas given.
SET of teeth" without plate. DR. H. G. YOUNG,
1S41 Polk st
PARIS Dental Parlor. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Full eet of terth, J4; crowns, $3; fillings. 25c.
LOWEST prices In S. F.-; painless extraction,
I 60c. New York Dentists, 963 Mission, cor. 6th.
j VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
; dayn. inoi Market St.. corner Sixth.
DKPII.ATOBY
O. C. C— A Harmless liquid for permanently
removing superfluous hair; will not Irritate,
burn nor poison the most delicate skin; agents
wanted. Ontario Chem. Co., ag'cy, 426 Ellis.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
! McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School:
j patterns cut; evening class. 1019 Market St..
above Sixth.
j FAIR FIELD'S Millinery Academy; call and ex-
j ammo work; send for circular. 1236 Market.
ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds pleatr
• ing. pinking. 121 Pont. overO'Connor&Moffatt.
S. F. Dressmaking, Ladles' Tailoring and Mll-
llnery School; French system. 411 Van Ness.
EDUCATIONAL. "
GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott Bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand; reportoria I phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping; full course, $50; catalogue.
HEALDS BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post St..
S. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, Ian- -j
guages, telegraphy. English branches, civil,
electrical and mining enctneerlng. etc.; day
and night sessions; new 80-page catalogue free.
A-TH^ LYCEUM, and accredited preparatory w
Fchool for the university,- law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any -
Stanford professor. Phelan building. r
BOOKKEEPING or shorthand— If you want to
learn in a limited time, take private lessons
from an experienced teacher. M. W. COR- -
NELL, room 63. Thurlow block. 126 Kearny st. \
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.; day
or.d evening; individual instruction, $8 per _
month; life scholarship, J30; bookkeeping, f
Fhorthand, telegraphy, etc.; catalogue free.
HE FAILED! had he practiced bookkeeping a _
short time with expert Tarr, 220 Parrott bldg r
he would not; he wise.
MIES M. G. BARRETT. Shorthand Academy; _
lessons by mall; acknowledged by official re- j
porters b«>£t teacher, bert system. 302 Montgy.
ALL students but two taking full course this ' I
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
ness COLLEGE. 1236 Market st.
| ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mlning.mech.,sur- c
vey. assay, cyanidp, arch.: day. eve.: est. 1864.
VAN PER NAILLKN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
SPANISH professor! F\ M^ Vizcaino, has
moved to Parrot bldg., fourth floor, room 150. q
MUNSON School Shorthand, Typing. Bookkeep-
ing, Spanish. 137 Mont'y. E. M. Carpenter, pr. _
MR. and MRS. D. MANSFIELD, music studio; v
violin, guitar, mandolin, banjo. 1836 Eddy st.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and T
ILLUSTRATION— Night class. 424 Pine Bt. J
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.. day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES. f 1
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor: estab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post St.. near Powell; telephone Bush 135.
FOR reliable help send to Open Door Employ- S
ment Office. 1272 Folsom st. ; tel. Howard 1447.
JAPANESE and Chinese employment office:
best help. £126 O'Farrell st. ; tel. Hyde 2191. -
— E
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Office;
best help furn.; tel. John 2121. 806% Stockton.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of- -
flee; all klnda help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188. G
JAPANESE Housecleanlng Co.— Wolters.cooks.
. dishwashers; est. 1SS0. 1026 Oak; tel. .Page 547. _
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. office— Best help
turn.; domestic serv. 417 Powell; tel. Bush 376.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi- jjj
nese hwlp. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. BlackS072.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office— v
Best hrln. 411H O'Farrell St.: tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT W ANTED FEMALE.
A FRENCH second girl, who 18 good plala 1
sewer and speaks 'French fluently, desires -
place in American family where there are 1
children learning the French language; best •
of references; $20. Apply C. R. HANSEN a
CO.. 104 Geary st. • -
A— 2 FIRST meat and pastry cooks want
places, city or country; flrst-clas* references.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St. ~
¦ .. - ¦ i ¦ - , i . ii. ' U
A WOMAN wishes work by the day. Address i
or tel. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
WANTED— By a Parisian lady just from Paris, -
a position to take care of children and sew. C
Box 174. Call office. ¦ ¦
WANTED— By a middle-aged woman, a posi- -A
tion to do mending and plain sewing with a
family where she can have room and* board
for her services; can furnish the best of ref- —
erences. 3924 Twenty-sixth st.
A COMPETENT middle-aged woman, fine
American cook and baker,' would work for
moderate wages; city or country. 120 Fourth '
Bt.. second floor. ¦ • - ¦'--- i =
— : ! ; I
A SCHOOLTEACHER from the £ist desires a ' ~
position as companion to a lady; will read or ' *
make herself companionable In any way. Box >
153, Call office. , j _
SITUATION . wanted by middle-aged woman; I B
good cook, laundress; wages. $12; city, coun- —
try; omit postals; letter. Address 10 Wetmoro O
EMPLOYMENT W~AyTED~-FE»IAXiEI
SWEDISH girl wishes a situation ; $30 pei
month; bo washing. Address K. S.. 1029 D<
Haro St.. near Twenty-third. :
A RELIABLE English woman wishes 2 mon
engagements by the day; can furnish refer
ences. 33'^ Gilbert st., off Bryant.
ELDERLY lady wishes position to do light
housework or nursing. Address MRS. II.
box 176, Call office.
A RELIABLE woman wants any kind of llghi
work by the day or half-day and sleep home,
Address 715A Post at. ¦
FIRST-CLASS cook ana housekeeper, haa on«
child; good home wished; small wages re-
quired. Box 166, Call office.
GERMAN girl wishes situation in Catholic fam-
lly; good plain cook; references. Box 159. Call.
AMERICAN woman wishes place as working
housekeeper; thoroughly competent. Applj
at 817 Mission st.
SITUATION wanted by first-class cook. Call
Monday and Tuesday forenoon at 7& Grand
ave., near Tenth st. :
YOUNG woman wishes position for half day
In doctor's office; understands massage; no
triflers. Box 201. Call office.
A WIDOW wishes gentlemen's mending and
repairing. 550% Stevenson st.
TRUSTWORTHY, reliable woman would like
working housekeeper's position; country pre-
ferred; American Protestant from the East;
genuine. Address LUCY, 1096 Valencia st.
WANTED — Position by experienced German
nurse for Infant or Invalid;. best of references.
929 Pine st.
WANTED— A position as governess to young
children or companion to lady. Address MISS
JAMES. Alameda P. O., Cal.
YOUNG English lady (ex-school teacher) wishes
position as governess, copyist, companion or
any other suitable occupation: competent In
English studies: knowledge of physical cul-
ture. Box 1S6. Call office.
EXPERIENCED Infant's nurse desires situa-
tion; first-class references. 719V4 Bush st.
GIRL wishes a situation to do light housework;
Is willing to take care Of baby. Call 840 Har-
rison Et.
RESPECTABLE woman and daughter wishes
tn take full charge of a rooming house.
Please call at 8S Third »t.
MIDDLE-AGED American woman would like
a position Bfl a working housekeeper or nurse.
o. r .0A Natoma 6t.-
LADV wishes a situation as housekeeper or
companion. 1382 Market St.. room 30.
FASHIONABLE dressmaking In families by
experienced fitter; references; terms $2. MRS.
JOHNSON, 9C2 Post St., tel. Sutter 33.
AN experienced dressmaker In ladles' street
and evening suits and children's clothes will
accept engagements In families, *1 25 per
day; ref. Apply 1201 Webster, corner Eddy.
FIRST-CLASS German cook Is looking for slt-
uatlon In fine private house; wages $30 to $S3;
best references from New York. 818 Cali-
fornia St.
PROTESTANT girl wants a situation in a
private family to do general housework, and
is a good cook; wages $20. 9S3 Howard sc;
WANTED— A position as monthly nurse; terms
mocTrate. R. RUBIE, 15S Fifth st.
DRESSMAKER— Wanted • by an experienced
dressmaker, a few engagements by the day.
S25 Pine st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket— "CO rooms; 23c to $1 50 night. $1 50 io $5
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
rLASSIFlED advertisement? and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
EMPLOYMENT WWTEH MALE.
SCANDINAVIAN wishes situation where a
good, st*>tidy, reliable man is needed; ex-
perienced horseman, gardener and good milk-
t>r; willing to make himself useful in any
capacity; go"od references. Address box 13:,
Call office.
ENGINEER— A practical engineer of twenty
years" experience, understanding all kinds of
pumps, etc. Box 151. Call office.
RESPECTABLE single strictly temperate
young man, experienced driver and groom,
seeks employment and cannot find It;' pocket-
book and dlnper pall empty; what offers?
Box 149. Call office.
fOUNG man wishes position at any thing; has
experience in machine shop work; city or
country. 'Box 147, Call office.
VCTIVE young man. German, desires position
at any thing: city or country; good refer-
ences. Box 141, Call office.
fOUNG man, : age 27, sober and industrious,
desires work; small wages. Address box 133,
Call office.
ELDERLY man seeks employment of any kind;
willing to do chores or work about house In
city or country; speaks Krcnch and German;
good penman. Bpx 178, Call office.
110 — YOUNG man, highly educated. expe-
Tiencod, will pay above amount to person se-
curing him situation at reasonable salary.
Address box 133. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a pattern maker; is
first-class machinist and engineer and mill-
wright. 547 Howard Ft.
ATTENDANT companion with European train-
ing in massage, physical culture, baths, elec-
tricity, etc.. and special experience with
chronic nervous and mental patients, wishes
position; best references. Address J. II., P.
O. box 2CT, Oakland, CaL
"OUNG man 33, tem;>erate, reliable, educated,
experienced, wants :>ositlon as office man,
clerk or salesman. Box 169, Call office. "
.'OUNG attorney, experienced In office work
and briefing, would .like position. Box 158,
Call office.
'"IRST-CLAPS gardener with all experiences I
In every branch of gardening; single; very 1
hrndy In first-class private places; best ref-
erences. Box 92. Call office. ;
'OUNG Englishman wants situation on gents' |
place; best of references If required. Box j
17.-. Call. i
''IRST-CLASS house, floor and window cleaner j
wants work by the day or week; lowest rates. 1
715 Howard st.
UKEIVS foreman wants situation as cake- •
bnker or bread and cakes. Address, stating
terms. A. G. YBROME. 317 Minna st. '<
IAN handy with carpenters' tools wants em-
ployment; good references. Box 193, Call.
ILL-ROUND handy man, fair carpenter, run
engine, do repairs, wants steady Job: small
salary; good references'. Address box 167, Call.
!ITUATION wanted by ,i practical engineer of
15 years" experience; understands the dyn-
amo; no objection to the country; good refer-
ences. Box 196, Call office.
'OOK wants work; a good careful cook; or
would go as second cook; wases moderate.
T. SMITH. 318 Minna St.
— __ i
VANTED— Place as fireman, light work; 11 >
years' experience as fireman and engineer.
Address M. R.. 1036 Valencia st.
JAN of ability nnd good address desires a
position as driver or delivery salesman on
route. Oakland and vicinity, for wholesale-
house or manufacturer; ref. given. Address
L. B., box 15 Dlmond, Alameda County, Cal.
AM experienced in statistical correspondence
and general office work; can keep time, take
charge of supplies or store house, do as I am
told or direct others; I want work and will
go anywhere. Address Work", box 98, Call.
JITUATION wanted — Young man understand-
ing bookkeeping and cashiering thoroughly
desires position with good house. Address
B. H.. box 129, Call.
3NGINEER and washer. In laundry; under-
stands business thoroughly; in or out of city;
Rood references. Address LUCKOR, Winches-
ter Hotel.
JENTLEMAN wants any kind of position
where his knowledge of languages would be
appreciated: J10 a week. Box 132. Call.
:LECTRICIAN, take charge Isolated plant-
capable of doing construction work; good ref-
erence. JOYCE. 34 East Bt.
IITUATION as porter. Janitor or useful In
bonrdlng-house. A. B., box 130, Call.
VANTED— Position as clerk or traveler with
collections added with wholesale house; bonds
nnd referencts. Address E. T., 823 Sixteenth
St.; East Oakland.
IAN wishes to learn grocery business; small
wages. Address box 123, Call office.
."WO steady, sober young men want situations
as firemen in city or country; references fur-
nished. Address box 91, Call office.
l YOUNG earnest Japanese boy wants situa-
tion in private family to do general help. S
664 Stevenson at. '
APANESE wants situation to wash dishes
and help with kitchen work; hotel or board-
ing-house; understands well. 604 Twelfth st
East Oakland. . ¦
I.ASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
t BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. -
A':' T EXPERT OPTICIANS.
1YES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
Justed. N 1 . Manas**, oculist optician. 910 Mkt.
FLATS TO LET» .'; ;
—8-ROOM flat; corner; sunny; 2 bay windows;
all modern lmprovem'ts: 1st floor. 417V4 Third.
RANNAN, 422, near 3d— Nice sunny flat of 3
rooms; rent $9; water, yard, cellar free.
OMFORTABLE furnished flat of 6 rooms. 1533
lojkln _t.; reference.
FLATS TO liET.
r 100 HOUSES and flats for rent; 10 day» free,
j 1615 X>evisadero;f. 6 rJ2C iUH Minna: t. C r 18 G
1408 Pacific; f. 5 r... 20 23 Tllden: f. & r 1
- 370 F«ll; h. 7 r 23 605 Stev'son; h. 5 r 17 5
5 331 Eddy; f. 4 r 20 1020 Oak; c 6 r «
Flats wanted. SPECK & CO., 667 Market st
• AT 15— Nice, clean flat; S large rooms; rear
I Inquire 1111A Jones, near California.
FINE modern flat, 7 rooms and bath. C2S Goldei
Gate ave., bet. Van Ness ave. and Franklin
IF you want to move get printed list flaU to le
' from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery
I LOWER flat. 4 rooms, with bath.; r«nt $13. 45}
'. Hermann st., near Valencia.
. SACRAMENTO, 1365—3 sunny rooms; bay-win
dow flat, with gas, J12 50; water free.
; SANSOME—, 712— Sunny flat, $16. 304 Sanaome-
f Nice store. $10^
' SUNNY flat of 4 rooms and bath. 4088 Twenty
. sixth Bt., near Xoe; cheap.
' VALENCIA. 44«&— Upper flat of three sunn;
1 rooms; rent $8; key at 444 Valencia.
; $7— 4-ROOM flats on Victor St.. off Bryant, bet
7th and 8th. Inquire at grocery. »41 Bryant
$10— SUNNY flat, 4 rooms. 31 Alvarado et.. nr
Twenty-second and Guerrero.
FCHMTIUE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $43 50. with No
7 ranee. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Mar
ket «t. ; telephone South 637.
FUKMTURB WANTED.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets
' pianos, etc. 1135 Market st. ; tel. Jessie 741.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. pays hlffhesi
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
' Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 1305 Larkin: tel Polk C31,
furniture & furn'd houses bought: spot cash.
W. E.CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.). buy;
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission; tel. Red 3353.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant IS;
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Head waitress, $25; 5 waitresses, different
country hotels, $20; 3 waitresses, best cltj
hotel*, $20; 2 ohambermalds, city, $18; 3 cham-
bermaid:), to wait, $20; woman cook, $30;
short order cook, night work. $27. and man)
others. . ¦ "
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
Nurs» for invalid lady, nice home. $20; nlc«
home for house girl in small American fam-
ily, Oakland, T2S; house girl who can epeai
French for family in Southern California. $2:
i and fare advanced; chambermaid and laun-
dress, private family, $25; working house-
keeper, country, and numerous other places
for housoglrls, second girls, nune glrla,
among which are five' very choice places foi
house girls in small families In the city.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary St.
GIRL for housework: jma| family; sleep hom <
If desired. In which case every evening an<!
Sunday afternoon free. 2106 Taylor st., 1 tc
3 i«. m.
WANTED— Girl or young woman for genera!
housework; small family; fair wages; car
sleep home if preferred. Call Monday at 10S
Clay st., corner Mason.
! HOUSEKEEPER wanted: work light; wages
reasonable. Call or address L. GRAYMAN,
I Carleton House. 405 Kearny St.. room 21.
Cii'RL competent to do general housework can
obtain permanent employment at good wages.
Call between 10 and 12 a. m. at 4Ij Shradei
s{.; telephone Page. 7441.
MIDDLE-AGED woman to travel and appoini
agents; also 1 for branch. office manner: $100C
t yearly; permanent: promotion. General Man-
i as'er, 5<^ Star building. Chicago.
! V>' ANTED— Women to address envelopes at
I home. Address, with stamp, NEW IN'DUS-
j TRY NEWS. Covina. Cal.
j 'WANTED — Ladles to ' copy letters at home,
j everywhere; pleasant work; good pay; full
particulars, term*, etc.; reply with 'stamp.
THE CUTLER CO., Dept. 3, Chicago, 111.
j WANTED — Experienced saleslady In stationery
! department in large retail store: state experi-
I ence. reference, salary. Apply box 177. Call.
' A PROFICIENT business stenographer and
typewriter. Address In handwriting, with
references. N. G., box 13?. Call office.
WAITRESS wanted at 107 Berry st.
FIRST-CLAPS finishers wanted on pants;
steady worlt. 933 Market st., room 10.
2 WAIST hanii.i wanted at 2033 Scott St.. corner
Sacramento.
SCHOOLGIRL to assist in housework; wages
and good home. 1413 Scott st.
YOUNG lady penman for office work; small
I-ay. Box 1S4. Call office.
LADY to do housework from 10 a. m. till 1 p.
pi. 305 Jones st.
WOMAN as working housekeeper. Call at 713V*
Treat ave.
I EXPERIENCED girls to fold shirts. Standard
Shirt Factory, Gough and Grove sts.
WANTED — Experienced apprentices and fin-
ishers on coats; steady work. 117 Russ st.
• WANTED— First-class waist trimmer. Apply
j at 1C0O Geary st., after 7 p. m.
WANTED— Operators on pants. Metropolitan
Tailoring Co., 547 Market st.
GOOD waitress wanted. .U4 Third st.
WANTED— Girl for general housework. Apply
! at 2907 Folsom st.
t — — — — i
WANTED — First-class operatorson white wear.
California Underwear Co., 1033 Market st.
AN elderly lady to take care of two children.
Call at IIS Ninth st.
; WANTED— Chambermaid at New Golden Gate
! Hotel. 134 Fourth st.
! FIRST-CLASS waist hand wanted at 1423 Polk
i street.
1 ¦
: ACTIVE girl, 16 years, to work In candy fac-
; tory. 1160 Valencia st.
GIRL to learn laundry work. St. Nicholas
Laundry, Seventeenth and Folsom sts.
WOMAN to help around. 1915^ Golden Gate
ave.. between Baker and Lyon sts.
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
after 9 years of unlimited success offers more
to its patrons than ever before; superior ad-
vantages in every dept. ; a system of dress
cutting which has received the award from
Paris Exposition: fitting and finishing dept.
up-to-date: millinery dept. gives most
practical training ever given on the coast-
Pratt system of N. Y. taught: any patterns
cut to order; evening class. McDOWELL'S
1019 Market.
A LADY of indomitable energy, possessed of
self-assertion: good opportunity to right party.
F. PERSON, room 412. Parrott building.
WANTED— 5 active solicitors, big money to
right party; no triflers need apply. Call
Monday 10 a. m., rooms 63 and 61. Columbian
bldg.. Market at.
EXPERIENCED operators on ladles' waists-
electric power; steady work: can make $10
per week. MARKS BROS.. 1212 Market *t. :
GERMAN girl or woman to work in bakery
steady work. 980 Harrison st. '
GIRL competent to do general housework can
obtain permanent employment at good wages
Call between 10 and 12 a. m., 423 Shrader st.
telephone Page 7441.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on ladles' tailor gar-
ments; only best need apply. A. CAILLEAU.
114-116 Kearry st. "
FINISHERS on ladles' cloaks: steady worV
Apply L. HORVITZ. 731 Market st
GIRL for general housework and assist with
cooking; $20. 2312 Clay st.
GIRL to assist in light housework Call 41 is
Twentieth st.. bet. Noe and Castro.
GIRL wanted for light ho^Iwork In family of
3; wases $10. Mrs. Fllttner. 1433 1 tfFarrcn.
YOUNG women's boarding home; 127 Turk- es~
by Christian ladies; board & lodgt. $3 wk. "p.
SEWING girls, attention !-Experienced opera
tors en dress and negligee shirts: steady
work; good pay. I,owenberg Co.. 27 Jessie st
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription-
received at Call branch of flee. 2200^11^0^*
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements »nl
vffeg 1 .?.' hM bee " "-bllshed af MM
HELP WASTED-MALE.
~T^i£::::~::::±^ :iAl ' P-£
From 10 to i'o'clo^ic' Sun< *a/
Coal Miners Coal Miners rn«TVf'i
Coal Miners Coal Mine™ *J ne "
-¦ Car, see superintended "of e Mlnefs
Sunday r ° m °ift l !? p "- 2 * ew «"*SS
AT .. C .\. R W^ED N " T l^ Y 3:: i I^ A f^^
For Railroad Work ....... S??jvJ_T^
10 stonemasons. R. r. work/Nevada^ . .T.^!
2"stoAecutters."R:"R. work.': $3 4 a d^
0 SEES && Road^e^l « %
3£3r3£_&gg£g^ I§£i_fS_-_
¦¦c r. hansen & 00."":":.:^%™%
B £ RB , E S S 'T* PrOf _ M!slve Union-Free employ-
nxent, K. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
I \ HELP WASTED- MAIiB.
Q tURRAT & READY Phona Main B3i3
- ;.. Leading: Employment and Labor Agents...
2 *• WANT. 7 A. M. MONDAY
- Stonemason, rubble work iTi and found
; Vagonxz—kers and woodworkers
_ and hostlers Fanner and w:£.»
1 farm banda, plow teamsters, etc
•• $28. $30 and four.i
- J-* swoodchoppera tl to J> crrvl
a . **> tlemakera, 10c and 12c, tool*, provision*
L f a i' cabins furnished
7 " '•borers, city $2 50 day
7 MURRAY & READY. 634-635 Clay st.
T A— HCtEL AND OTHER DEPARTMENTS...
" ea awaiter, for a club ,...HO an-1 foun 1
llake \ bread foreman, cake foreman an.l
seconuand third hands, $12 to $20 week; C
rrx.kH.jity and country... $30 to CO and fount
Ilutchti,; waiters, city and country; port.r.
countrj hotel; man for delicatessen stora. ani
others: lunch cook, saloon. J40 and foun<l...
- MlHRAY & READY. 631-6S8 Clajr «.
....ITALLjsr LABOR SUPPLY COMPANY.JI
U MONTGOMERY AVE
' •'"urnish mechanics, miners...........
• • ftolroad men. ranch hands...........
and >oodchoppera at short notice
• A— 10 CARPENTERS, call to-day. Sunday
7 from 3 to \q a . m.; 10 cabinet-makers; u
bench Bandt? 3 sticker hands: 2 shape.r hanr!;
m Mechanics' legislation Bureau. 410 Kear-v
St.. room 9; non-union mechanics please ro-
ister; new Joia daily; no office fees.
SALESMEN wmted to sell imported and T^
mestic liqutin, principally fine Kentucky
whiskies and b«nds. case and barrel grx>«is. t .
. Jobbers and salion trade; goort chance to tl-.-»
right man; saltry or commission. Ad.i-f^
R. S. STRA-DEI & SON,- 63 ar.d 71 E. \V,u •
st., Lexington, r.y.
' MAN with good references to manage business
of established hou»e; salary J1S per -week f\.
t pense payable we-kly direct from h-a-lq-ja- -
ters; expense mon>y advanced; position per-
manent. Send sel:-a<1(1ressed stamped »nv«'I-
ope. Standard Houm, 203 Oaxton btdCCnicax
: $300— GUARANTEED rearly salary. »xt
1 extra commission: rr>n & women of good a.1
• dress to appoint ai?»nts: new brtiliar.t lines
permanent positions; established h>jusr; ri;
promotion. Stafford mMCa.Ncn Haven > ¦
' WANTED— Competent iccountant to act _
? chief clerk In BakersflMd oil field: FaJary CD*;
Kood references and good penmanship -.•.
1 quired; attach copy of this advertisement ti
_ application. Box 1S2, C;:ll office.
'• j WANTED— Competent aciountant f> act **
' secretary and bookkeeper good references am]
Kood penmanship required: attach ton
this advertisement to implication Addrm
J box MX Call offlc*. '
i A STENOGRAPHER- and typewriter for la «
• j office. Address, statin* iT-evious experi-r'
' I reference, age; salary. Att' . ley. h<x 144. (I
» [ FinST-CLASS cloak sa!esm.T; wanr^i." staT^
fully experience and wbtri tormexlj
ployed. Address "Cloaks," Vex 1T'\ Call. "
. I A PRIVATE secretary: lltff bookV;ef-p!~. *
¦ - trood home; small wa^es: pri at- plac»: sho^t
I distance from city. E. C. box Bt, Cail.
s j CLERK, not over 20; must be wining,
I * rcat, plain hand, fjuick at flirire-i: itate p«f-
> j erenees. Address tox 171, Call offlc*.
! OFFICE men— My compiled Multiplication T*-
• J bles sp.ve work. time, brain: send for circi-
1 j lars. R. S. AYRAS. Louisville. Ky.
j ; LAl'NDRYMAN for institution: ro *'.<-T.r<-.
i plant: wases $20 and found. Address W. J.
- M.. bf>T 15T. Call office.
, ' MAX to travel & appoint agents; $10<>O yearly A
1 expenses; bright future to hustler. Supt.. I .
• ! Star building. Chicago.
. ; YOT'NO single man as driver for milk roulf :
fl J35 and found: state references ar.d «xp«f*-
! ence. Box 9T. Call office.
I 1 "WANTED— First-class cabinetmaker to v >r\
1 I on wood mantels: young man preferiv;i.
• j Box IS1. Call office.
• ¦ EARPER shop wanted; will buy, rent, start
:¦ one or partnership: Arizona prrf^rred. DAN-
IKL STANG, 1917 Stockton St.. Kan Franclsc >.
; WAXTED-Salosman for retail ilrarxTy an.l uv-
f hols«ter>' rtepartment. Adiiress O. M. . rxjx ITS,
I ! Call efflr?.
I WHITENEB and paperharger wanted to do
1 work in exchange for rent. Box 1CJ, Call.
I DENTIST wanted: graduate & Christian: llf>
1 prs. Write EL J. Plomteaux. D.U.S.. Oaklan.i.
i ! DISTRIBUTOR wasted at U. S. Laundry.
I j Sixttenth st, near Valencia.
; WANTFD — Experienced wrapper for ladies' un-
j der^-ear store, ilex 179. Call.
. BOY fr.r office work: must ba able tn answ-r
; telephone; Monday morning. 57 Tehama it.
WOOD carver and smart boy for office. F1NK-
SCHINDLER. ia 3 Market st.
. i GOOD man for Industrial Insurance. Call
1 REINDERS. room 17, Donohi-e boildtng.
I COOK wanted at 5 Elchth St.. near Market.
I WASTED- Oood all-around blacksmith. A;>-
j ply to J. O'SHEA. Seventeenth and Vermont
j OPERATORS and pressers nn panta. Metro-
politan Tailoring Co., 947 Market St.
i DISHWASHER wanted at 128 Townsend Ft.
I GOOD short order cook, counter work, at tSDi
: Flllmore st.. corner Turk.
} 2 BOYS wanted. Corner Twenty-flfth and F' 1-
som sts.. drug: store.
ENGINEERS, firemen, machinists, electricians
—Send for new 4<V-pa«re pamphlet containing
list of questions asked by Examining Board of
Engineers. GKO. A. ZKLLKR. St. Louia. Mo.
GOVERNMENT positions— Don't prepare for
pestoffiee or any civil service examination
without catalogue Information; free. Colum-
bian Correspondence College, Washington,
-5-^
I GENTLEMAN of Indomitable energy and push;
! pood opportunity to rl?ht man. F. PERSON,
room 412. Parrott building.
,' WANTED — A man. to deliver bread to cuntom-
i ers; steady Job. 9S0 Harrison st.
¦ ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
! WANTED— 5 active solicitors: big money t >
right party; no trtf!«TS need apply. • Call
! Monday, Nov. II. 10 a. m.. rooms 63-<M, Ob-
| lumbian building. Market st.
j EXPERIENCED solicitor on salary and conv
mission. Apply GAS CON. ASSN., 1004 Broad.
I way, room 20, between 10 «nd 12.
! "WANTEI^lOO men to take rooms. 10c. 15c and
20c. Boston House, D30 Howard st.
: COOK wanted; small boarding-house;' elderly
; man preferred. 322 Main st.
WANTED— Good milk bread baker. • Bos i;b
Call.
; GET your shoes half soled while waiting. ~vZ
to SOc. 562 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 11 Mat
BARBER shop for sale In Western Addition
Inquire of DEPKELMAN BROS.. 1^5 El!:s
LADIES' tailor wanted: first-class. 113 Stock-
ton et., room 4.
I WANTED— A place to stop for the winter— Th 1
I can be found at the Adams House. sl> Sa-.-ra-
mento st.. near Jlontgnmerj' : cne of the few
respc-ctahle houses where countrymen eotnfn*
to the city can find nice clean " ch^.ip weil-
ventllated rooms. A. McCTlEERT. l"rop.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House preprj«tor; still
runs» Denver House. !17 Third sr. : IStt .arff-J
rooms; 25c per night; tl to |2 per week.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only eight
weeks required; position guaranteed: special
Inducements: catalogue and map of city !ree.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. C3 Ciay st.
PENSIONS-J. H.~Shepa7d & Co.. oldTreira^
firm. »06 Market, rm. 40. Phelan hldg.; pension
vouchers executed. 23c; advice free.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order It per week, at
cash prices. N. Y. Tailoring Co.. 11". Km— y.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hanl*:
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 28 Steuart.
MEN and women to learn barber trade. S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE. 741A Howard st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st7 near M.ir-
ket; 700 rooms, 23c night: readlng-r*>ms; free
bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions baa been established at ! .- ;
Valencia it.
CLASSIFIED «fdvertisement» wid subscription*
received at Call branch office. 1200 Flllm ,->r» nt.
__^ IIEMOKRIIOIDS.
PILES — 300 cures business men In San Fran-
cisco; can be seen; no operation: no pain: par-
tlculars sent. Ad. Physician, box 1*>V>. Oslt
HORSES, LIVE STOCK. Etc For Sale
43 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies.
carts, .harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Slsth st.; auction jales every Wednesday
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FEED Manhattan food; keeps horses, cows.
poultry and dogs healthy. 1253 Folsom st.. S.F.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED LIST Houaea to let; send for cir-
cular. O. H. UMB3KN A CO.. 14 Montgo— ery.
HOUSE— 8 large nice rooms; modern Improve-
ments. Apply 12T2 Steiner «t., cor. Eddy.
NICE furnished house: 7 rooms, hath; StO. 3«
San Carloa aye., near Twenty-first >t.
UNION. 21SJ, near FiUmore— Six rooms and
bath; rent $C0.
WILLOW ave.. 720. between Buchanan ant
Webster— House 4 rooms; yard: water fr«e; M.
TO let— House of 6 rooms and bath. K1H r>>-
lores st.. between Tweftty-flrst and Twenty-
second; rent 117; Inquire on premlsei.
$15—8 ROOMS and bath; newly papered. S3 V*
Boom st., off Second, near BratBan.THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER II, 1900,
37
HOOES TO LET— FOlMSnED.
pATrey-gn* PlMtititB«w B8WJ 2 sranay
rooms, r-atii; completely rura.«..«a-
r, prmv rot tare furr.!^*d. Western Add.. 13
*'£?)£,. KKEPOJ- m-TTOX. SS <X"T St. ,
HOCSES WANTED. £
jlOOMJ NO -HOUSE; 15 to M rooms. Box 160.
Call office-
IIVPXOTISM.
ppof r>TLIX>N teaches fcyrtiotism BCltntiflo-
«'"v*In private or class; absolutely arft per-
rnanenily" con* all nervous diseases aid bad
habits. '::« OTarrell st. j
COMPLETE c<iur*e Instructlons and dploma,
i'lcsor-f. B: cigarette end cth<*r baj haublts
cVTe?.. PB0FE8SO3 E. W. RATMONU. SJ7
Market ft.; hours 2 to 5 daily. /
JIYPN'OTIC <Ie:r.or.«tratlon; Pythias Castle,
TuesflKV evemr.fr. Nov. 32. Prof. Raymond.
INVALID CSAIBS AND T1UCYCLKS.
EOLT> and rented; rr.ar.rr. of the Etrr.es tricycle
rhair. "fMK- Tricyrle Co.. ZVO Market st.
LOFT WANTEI\
LAP.GE. light, < t tr>r.g loft, near Market st ;
>rg i.ase; f^r r.-.asu:acturing Address tx x
ZM. Call offl.— . |
LOST AND FOUm
:/->PT— Tuesday, a rc>ck<>r •parcel, with whl'e
H>">t r,a fa<-# and f^t tlpp<-<: with white: llb-
•-!¦«: reward. DR. I >AVIS. $42 Sutter et.
s^nociX) covered bock", rarce on it T aT j
.lo^^oret^Wltite'e Laundry. 22 Powell; reward.
>~'ST— Child's pearl necklace with heart; euit-
itl> reward. 2SC1 California st.
-OST— A youn« coeich dor, female, black and
wh;te spotted; suitable reward for returning
tame to owner. N. J. NELSON. ITS Folborn.
-¦.•ST— aoraor. setter, white on ears and tail:
P. McKltmoa ca collar. Ueward at MRS. S.
I-r.MAN H. cor. Vnlon and Buchanan sts.
.OST- November 6, sleeve button with Ma-
tcalc err.Mem. P.ewar4 at 719 Market et.
¦^OtriT—A. casebook with the Hibernla Savings
ar.d Loan Foclety cf Ssn Francisco. In th«
ran-.« cf JANE EVANP, No. 243-741 The
f.r.^er w:Il rk-aso return to bank.
MEPICAU
3R. AND MRS. DA VIES. 133 Market-Ladles'
tpeclaiUts; 12 years' practice; have treated
ir.yUM.nd* cf cases successfully; i>osit!ve curt
K-uajT6.me«--d at office: ladles treated can return
n.-tne linie day; HIN1X) HEKB home cure.
ery cue can use it with eatlsf action; perf«ct-
ly hanr.iegg. Senl etamrs for circular.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. moved to 101S Mar-
ket, orp. Eth: world-nenowned ladles' sp«-cial-
l«t; rafe. reliable; practiced In San Francisco
tor year? : treated thousands of cases success-
fully: treatment cen be us*d at bome; consul-
taticn free. After all others fall call on fa'.m.
IBS. GOODWIN. 19BT% Market, expert en di*-
ei»ep* of women: U years' practice In b. IT., a
Bands of casi**-; unexcelled Illirrn. «:e free.
.IRS. DB. WYETH. reliable specialist; :; yrs.'
practice ; cvaranteed treatment at office, $3;
any allmeiit; home for patients: consult free.
W2 Port tt.. bet. Hyde and LArkln.
S'G TOT KEE, Chinese doctor: cures cons-jmp-
tic*?-.. c?_noer. catarrh, etc.; ail diseases treat- |
ted: ecr.d for testimonials; advice free. Kan:- |
tar:\i^;. 704 Sacnir.fr.to St.. corner Kearny.
UKS. DB. ALLEN. IOCS Market— Ladies' jsjh?- j
cla'.ist; tafe and fare cure. Si; best care; low
fees; when ail Otben fail consult free.
VTRF. DR. KOHL. S?7 MARKET ST.. corner !
Fixtb— Sife ar.d reliable ladies' physician; t
tieairr.er.t. IS; pcf'.tive cure cuaranteed.
FOR aJr^tion— Babe Ircm one day old ur;
Ftx: coir.plexio:: dark. Address Nurse.
»^-x 2(3. Call office.
Mi. POPPER, practical f«ma!e *pecia:ist for
i7 years; ocn be eent. SC3 Kearny Ft.
MRS. PR. OWYER. la<Jl*s' kpecial'st; home ]
*' r !-»*'«'Tit» Mft F..-iflv rr. !
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
12OILEP.P. er.eines. ;<3-nand machinery. Me- !
1NTOSH & WOLPMAN. 155-1*7 Fremont et. :
I?AIIS. tack bara, m'.rrcrs, fhowcitea. counters,
linoleum. r.*-» and t-econd hand; we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hani;
S corrpleie outfits on our floor, ready maJe;
«r« can thin everything In 24 hours. J.
NOONAN. li,17. 101S, 1021. 1023 Mission et..
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
NEW BP.OOM!>— The Golden West Broom Fae-
ti ry at O> ar.d CO Clay st., near Kearay, has
;i;Ft *tart«»<J: s-torekeepere can be Bupplied with
uV. kinds of brooms at the cheapest rates;
orders by rr.ail attended to.
HT."Y e trar.ij new typewriter for $5 down and 15 |
pr month; write for catalogue and price. <
TYPKV.UITKR EXCHANGK. 404 California I
*t. : rentals, new machine?. J3 per month.
NEAT j a!r <if F«-nuine diamond screws for J10;
A'ortn twice the money. I'NCLE HARRIS,
15 'iriir.? ave.
TO PBiXTEHS— Two revolution four-roller Oot-
trrll A: Bab'-O" k VTesf; print sheet 22x4S. Box
1S&, Call office.
A— BCVB. tell» cr re-rrts tear machinery, en-
pints. t-ollTS. water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
et_\ WHITELAW, C1R *i>*sit tt.
t-HORSE Golden Gate gas or pasoline *npine.
flS3; can I* running at €23 Golden
Cate ave.
BILLIARD table, bal's. cues and rack, com-
pile: dirt ch^ap. BENJ. CUHTAZ «t SON,
16 O'Farrell et.
A PCRE white diamoni Ftud for $50: ev»st
OriCttuUly J131. I'XCLK HAP.ni?. 13 Grant av.
SCO— SHOE fhop: S3T> — Mahogany National ca^h
rtflrter. A1* Larkin Ft.
FINE Writ. J1C; drc-« pants. K 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PAP.LORS. 437 Montgomery Ft.
A-S3 MMDErTnY cna^Fedora Tats7ir 757 Pop>T
lar Price Hatlerc, -3.1 Kf-arny tt.. near Pin*.
A-1j0 HOHSEPOWER eneir.e. boiler. two-drM
air rv mpn-fjnrf. JARDINE £. 22') Frerr.ont f>t.
COMPLETE set <irav.inp instruments, squares,
triangles. Ivard. etc.. cheap. JG5 Mkt., nn L
L. ?PAP.Hi;n & SON* removed CA Mi**:on Ft.;
pay h!~h<.«t prii-e for tools and machinery.
GASOLINE «-nrin*: yecoTid-han-n all plzeit:
rhogr,; guaranteed. NEWKLL. 55 B'uxome Ft.
f7 y«— Co.«t $3<>: !arce-Mze roat and vest, almost
r.nr. Tall dentist. 43 Sixth *t. J
li-TON rairbankis pc&Je and fire and burglar j
proof f-afe. 216 California et.
PHOTO ars'i ir.atfe '.ar.tern roods bought. 6old,
excbar.ci-d. 109 Montgomery st.
FinST-CI-ASS eecond-hand modern enstlnem and
boilers bourht aad sold. KROGH MfK- Co.
200- LIGHT dynamo, enfrtne and boiler, coin-
rifte: cheap. H. S. WHITE. 516 Miesion et.
TVII.L, rent full drer* Teredo or Pnnce ATbeit
euitf f or ir 50. Portlar«i Loan Offlc*. 2Z Stktn.
EAFKS-N>w and seceni fcandT THE HER- i
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-4:3 Sacramento ft.
I'OP.TAIiLi: ';r.eine*. boilers: iron anl word
planers, lather. M hand. J. P-urk*. m B»alf.
MAGTC lar.'ernF. n«"w und 2d hand; moving
picture. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Pest Et.
SAFES- New »n3 second hand: all sizes. THK
WALTZ CAFE. 1""-r.l Market ft.. K»n Fr»n.
MISCELLAXnOVS WAMS.
WANTED— Scur.d horse. ll'<» pound*, for deilv-
»rj- wa*ron Pee H. BCHELLHAAB. the Fur-
nit ur* 1 I«-aler, corner Eleventh and Franklin
us., Oakland.
LAD1EB* and rents* cast -off clothir.K bought 4
*o!d. BDmnnaa. *S* Folsom: tel. Folsom 1191.
KLKIN" still pay* bent prire for clothing, brlc-
a-br&c and books. 109 Sixth Bt.; tel. J*«sle 141.
jT-CLOTHlNG. sealskin*. Jewelry, etc.. boujrht;
will rail. L. Bros.. 25 Stktn: phone Black 1231.
WANTED — ITrritrht clano for cash. H. L.
WinTFHEAf'. 1710 Market «t.
MO SBTj TO Jl^J s :
ANT amount on furrlture. pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good «ecurity; ]>ayabie
back in inFtailments cr as a whole; If you
cwt a. balance on the purchase price we will
pay it end carry U.e loan as Ionic as you de-
sire; cvoid red ta;>e and publicity; tet u*=
f.rst; you will be waited upon quietly anO
quickly, fall C$-€S Donohoe bids:.. 1170 Market.
XA — BEST rate* and easiest terms.%
Second Mortease*
Interests In Estates
Undivided Interests In Real Eetate
Financial problems of all sorts and sizes
Folved by HERMAN MURPHY. C30 Market.
A— MONET to loan at rates which people can
afford to par on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
r.ot borrow cf yovr friends or you will lose
their friendship; do business with straiijrt-n<
tnd vou v.iil be better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. Kooms S and 10. 906 Market Bt.
ANT emount at « per cent; 1st, Id and 3d mort-
»?res, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate: 'mortrapes anl legacies bought; no de-
lay eret my term* before dolr.tr business else-
». here. R. McCOLGAX. 14 Montgomery, r. 3.
ANY preposition, any amount; fi per cent; flnst,
recend mcrtirajces. estates In probate. Interest
In estate? legacies, corporation loan?, chattel
mcrtKajtes". life Insurance. Room 18. first floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAX & OLSE.V.
HIGHLY reirrctaMe private place to obtain
iiUral advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
«-K rate*. Raldwin Jewelry Store, M» Market
rt.: te!. Ma.!n 1644. Branch IS Thicd St.
LOANS. l?t or 2d mt^s; city, country: 6%;undl-
\14«-d in:s; estates. HARPER.397 Parrott bdg.
AUSTIN'S fialary Loan Co.. SM Parrott build-
ins; x^cn can secure loans on personal note.
MOVEY TO LOAN.
A— J5C0.O0O ON city and country real estate and
estates; chattel mortgages; notes and col-
latera,l«. J. BROWNSTONE. 11 Montgomery.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches, Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAk, ID Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal; . low rates; confidential.
BONELLI, S01 Jones M., corner Eddy.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, nn. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
TO salaried people without aecurlty; all bu«l-
negs confidential. Tousley Co.. 321 Parrott big.
$100,000 TO loan en real eetate or for building;
low rate. Home Bldg Co., 222 Sansome st.. r.2.
MONEY to loan on furniture .by private party;
low rate. 817 Market St.. room L
ON furniture and pianos; no removal; confl-
dentlal; on diamonds, etc. S3 Taylor st
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndor«<?r. MORRELL. 609 Examiner buildlne.
TO salaried people without collateral or In-
dorrer. S. F. r»cour.t Agency. 143 Phelan big.
MUSICAL, INSTRUMENTS.
CALL and sp» our stock cf new Decker & Son
pianos, in all the latest styles of walnut and
mahogany cases. They are beauties and have
er.y cukp. Oash or payments at MAUVA1S*.
760 Market fit.
NOW is the time to fecure a flne Packrrd or-
gan for the Christmas services in your church
or Sunday school. Low prices and eacy terms
at MAUVAIai'. 763 Market st.
NO matter how cheap you want to buy or how
email payments you want to make, you may
lom money by net calling on us before clos-
irg a bargain. We sell all kinds of musical
pcx.rts cheaj). for cash or on payments. MAC-
VAIS Music Co.. 769, Market st.
ALL purchasers of pianos at Byron Mauzy's
have the privilege of exchanging for one of
the celebrated Sohmer Pianos, or one of our
Bvron Mauzy Pianos, any time within four
years, full purchase price being allowed. Our
rent plan lias been the best offered to the
public for the past three years. A large slie.
beautifully finished, full-toned piano, with
stool and cover, warranted for five years, for
*3E0. $* cash and $6 per month. This Is not a
cheap piano, full value being given for every
dollar spent. BYRON MAUZY, Sole Agent
Bohnrer & Co.. Byron Mauiy, Gabler, Spell-
raan and Hamilton Piano*. S«S. S10. 312 Post.
ALL purchasers of i>lanos at SHERMAN,
CLAY & CO.'S have the privilege of ex-
changing for a STEINWAY any time within
three years and full purchase price allowed;
the best makers of every trade to select from;
beautiful new uprights f6 cash. $6 per month:
come rood pianos for t3. $4 and $5 per month.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. STEINWAY
DEALERS, corner Kearny and gutter ets..
Ban Frar.clsco; corner Broadway and Thir-
teenth sts.. Oakland.
BARGAINS— Prices this week as an ad:
Biuthner (rrand. cost $1000. for $373
Schuman upright, cost $3t"0. for MS
Sherman & Clay, coet $275. for t>9
Btelnway upright, cost $475. for : IS5
HKINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary et.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S, 26,
:>> and 30 O'Farrell Et. ; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
¦ nil prices; lerms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to ple-ase and satisfy the
customer.
SPECIAL snaps in a few slightly used pianos.
See us. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 1« O'Far-
rell st. ; Chlckerlng Agency and everything
pertaining to music: tymphonlon music boxes.
SALE of high-prade pianos at factory prices
th!s week. THK DEWING CO.. Flood bid*.
FORCED to sell fine upright second-hand
llanos to recover storage. 21 Flood building.
XEl'MAX upright. $75: Sherwood. $S5: Peek.
$100; other bargains. URl'EXX. 206 Post st.
GENTLEMAN going East must sacrifice ele-
gant upright Rrand piano; 3 pedals. 332 Turk.
WILL pay fair price for goofl upright piano;
state name and price. Box 145, Call.
BEST rent stock In city; new pianos; $2 per
month. SCOTT CURTAZ. 563 Hayes st.
KUPERIOP. violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
FINE 3-redal upright piano; sacrificed on ac-
count of sickness. 907 McAllister St.
A cleanlr.KO'jt of pianos for ttorage; dirt cheap;
' iEEtalimpn's. Wilson's Storage. 1710 Market.
; AT KEEFFE'S. 933 Market et.. 4 elegant up-
1 rights at your own price. Shoninger agency.
A BARGAIN: must be sold: nice upright piano.
; SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister St.. next Hlb. Bank.
i HIGH-GRADE pianos; Steck. Hardman, Con-
nv>r A- other* W. B. ALLEN A CO.. 314 Post.
OFFICES AXI) STORKS TO LET.
EMMA SPP.ECKELS building. i27 Market st.-
Light suncy offices, $15 to $29 per month, with
lieht. heat. Janitor and use of phone.
LAKOE sunny store; 2 livir.g rooms. SW. cor.
Natoma and llu;s sts.: rent cheap.
I STORE— 2 rooms; $15; corner store, $17. 323-
| 323 Bryant, opposite new factory.
j LARGE elegant store and basement. 993 Va-
I lencia St.. near 21st: business center.
OIL, LANDS FOR SALE.
¦n.- i^-^ -.-u^-i-."..^
| PROVEN oil lands In the Kern River field for
, fal«; no stock proposition; no wildcat scheme;
' thi? is sure territory In the largest and best
known flc-M In California. If you want to form
a. cumj any buy good land on the line of the
railroad. NEWTON. CARMAN & SOMES. S.
] C. MASON. Bgent. 11 Montgomery st.
OI1L.
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ. 230 Pine street.
MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
I Country correspondence solicited.
1 PALMISTRY.
I H~jlHio^IE~FOS£ELLirVcientiflc palmist, 513
j Taylor ft., bet. Geary and Post; tel. Black Ml.
| MME\ .VEERGAAKD. 7u«J Post; teL Hyde ntt;
frv hjtt 1 t*"» P ftfe., and Purvltt v hv nt>rx>1 nttn.*nt.
PATEMS AM) PENSIONS, ;.^ jwm
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful.
OEO. P. CAMPBELL. Lawyer. Examiner hit
PERSONALS.
S. H. KENOIST of St. Louis, Mo.— Communi-
cate at once with St. Mary's Hospital. San
Krar.clFCO. Cal. Your daughter. EUGENIA.
is lying il! and wishes to see you.
MIDDLE-AGED gentleman of pood appearance
and business experience, holding K'«od posi-
tion. >Ai?he« to meet a plain and modest Ger-
man or Scandinavian lady of means, from 25
to 25 years of age; must be in good health
and be a home woman; object matrimony; no
flirts need answer. Address W. F. G., box
184, Call office.
PEHMNAI/- An educated, srood looking Eng-
lisj;ir.an, owns property worth $100,000, mem-
ber of old wealthy family, has titled rela-
tions, wishes to make the acquaintance of an
educated lady cf in^ans: object matrimony.
Address H. W. N.. box 12S. Call office, San
Kranrlsco.
AN Aiwrlcan woman, refined, educated, accom-
l,lij-hed, of pood appearance, would like to
intft a gentleman possessing same qualities,
whose character is above the average, be-
tween 4ft and 50 yrara of ase; object matri-
mony. Box SCZ. Call office.
MY Wif £.¥ HENRIETTA BCHWARZ. having
left my board and bed. I will not be re-
! Fponsiblf far any debts contracted by hor on
! an<1 after November 3, 1S00. HUBERT
I BCHWARZ.
I ATTRACTIVE, refined lady, wealthy, sweet
i disposition, fond of home, will devote life
I to kind hu»band. "Lonesome." 771 North
l'ark ave.. Chicago. III. ¦
I A ItFFlNED niWdle-aged German widow
would like to form th»- acqualntftnie of an
elderly gentleman: object- matrimony; no
trlfler*. Box 173, Call office.
RESPECTABLE, well educated, middle-aged
man, goo-1 habits, desires correspondence with
I?.i1y cf mean?; matrimony. Box 1S7, Call.
WIJjOWEK. 42. d»*lres correspondence wkh
I young lady or widow; object strictly matrl-
I mony. liux 393. Call.
j RESPECTABLE gentleman, age 33, wishes ac-
quaintance of widow; object matrimony. Box
lS't. Call office.
j —
WILL— Write. Look for letter. EMMA.
WILT-— Write. EMMA.
A BOY or girl baby for adoption. MRS. DK.
FUNKE. 1416 Eighth St.. Alameda.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
y-ars' experience. J. H. RAY, S07 Jessie rt.
j LEDEREK, tho hair dreswr; all the very new-
«-rt open hair stylen, only 25c; switches, $1
up; hair ornaments a specialty. 123 Stockton.
BBCBETS THAT~\v7N^Kn7wiedge~that pays-
science that brings business & social success—
ourrs dls-ease & bad habltp; wins love &
friendship; gratifies ambitions: gives wonder-
ful pow^r & control ovfr others. You can
learr. h^me. Write to-day for elegantly illus-
trated took; fully explains all hidden mys-
teries of Personal Magnetism. Hypnotism,
Magnetic Healing, etc. It's Free. Address
Xew York Institute of Science. Dept. 117B
Itochester, N. Y. -
TI'E Star Hair Remedy never falls to restore
pray and faded hair to natural color cure
dandruff, itching scalp and eczema, stop f«Jl.
lr.g. grow new hair: sold by hairdressers and
druggists : ask for It: take no other.. THH
STAR REMEDY COMPANY. San Francisco.
LEDERER'S Qulntonlca hair tonic; beautifies 1
saves from falling out; try It; Me boUU.
i
PERSONALS.
MAfc SAGE' and electrolyBls^Ladles^faciaL body
and scalp- massage by a London diploma
masseuse and trained num; trial facial treat-
ment thla week only 60a Pariora 602 Taylor
st., corner Geary.
STRICTLY private and secluded residence away
from the public gaze, for the treatment of
wom . en: confinement cases taken. MRS. DR.
FUNKB. 1416 Eighth St., Alameda.
A METHOD by which you can make from $180
to $200 a week on a capital of $1500; betting
on races; success Is certain: particulars $10.
R. GARDNER. Frultvale Station.
FRED MANN, magnetic healer of nervous and
other diseases, specialist in head trouble and
rheumatism; pamphlet sent free. 818 MoAlllstr.
A VERY successful public speaker would in-
struct one or two young clergymen or law-
yers In his art. Box 142. Call office. •_
DEAFNESS cured or no pay.
C. H. ROWAN. Milwaukee, Wls.
LEDERETR'S Foamo Shampoo Is the best scalp
cleanser In the world, 6o package.
CANCER cured at home by internal treatment;
no knife, plaster or pain; book and testi-
monials mailed free. Cancer Institute. 121
West Forty-second St.. N. Y.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale: also
chenllle-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS. 709 Fifth, Oakland.
AN experienced detective solicits work; mining
cases a specialty; best of references given.
Address Detective. B. F. P. O.
CONSTIPATION cured by using the Dilator or
Blood Circulator: self-treatment; no drugs or
medicine; price $3. 9S2 Geary; consult free.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS— Tel. South 791;
made to order; renovated; honest work guar-
anteed; feathers and hair cleansed; uphol-
etered furniture cleaning a specialty; flne up-
holstery. HOPICE BROS.. 81S and 320 11th st.
ELECTRIC lights in every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third st, near Market: 700 rooms;
I5c to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the terry.
SUITS to order on Installments; $15 upward; $1
a week. LEON LEMOS, 1117 Market »t., be-
tween Seventh and Eighth.
ASK for unequaled D. F. Black Suede Gloves;
$1 2S a pair: guaranteed. 121 Grant ave.
SCIENTIFIC maesage treatment by trained
male nurse from the East. 334 OTarrell st.
DR. LAMOTTE*S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; 2Sc. all druggists. •
EUY your coal of LANGE & GOFF, successors
to W. H. Wiseman. 1711 Sacto. ; tel. Sutter 2776.
ELECTROLYSIS destroys superfluous hair,
moles; trial free. MISS EATON, 1119 Sutter.
SUITS to order on easy payments. Art Tallor-
lng Co.. 1644 Mkt.. under St. Nicholas Hotel.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market st.
ALFREDCMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to. Its natural color: $1: at all druggists.
PHYSICIANS AXD SURGEONS.
DR. J. HERBERT~REEVeT?6H Kearny St.—
New hygienic sanitarium: supposed Incurable
chronic diseases are cured by electro hygiene.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
1C21H Market ft., between Sixth and Seventh.
PROPKRTV WANTED,
RANCH wanted on shares; fruit or grain; un-
derstands farming thoroughly; reference.
Box 156. Call office.
HEAL. ESTATE — C1TV FOK SALE.
DAVIDSON & LEIGH.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
30 MONTGOMERT ST.
Peremptory sale of valuable downtown prop-
erties by order of the executors of the estate
of C. F. Fargo, deceased.
J60.000— SE. corner Grant ave. and Bush et. ;
larj?e lot 69x100 feet, with brick and
frame Improvements, occupied as the
original Poodle Dog restaurant an<l
stores. We have plans and estimates
for the remodeling of this flne old-es-
tablished corner property so that it will
pay over 7 per cent net; rents now for
$4100 per annum.
$22.500 — Front Pt.. east side, between California
and Sacramento; substantial brlcic
building: always occupied; rents $lo6o
per annum; lot 21:JxS7:6.
$50,000 — Grant ave., between Sutter and Bush,
corner Harlan place: flne 4-story brick,
stores and lodging-house; large lot 44-
foot front.
$16,500 — Valuable corner, fronting Golden Gate
Park, occupied for years as Dickey's
roadside-house; grand !ot 120x190; NW.
corner Fulton or D st. and Sixth ave..
with frame buildings. In view of the
removal of the Chutes to this vicinity
this well-known corner Is deserving of
special consideration, as values are cer-
tain to enhance.
$1KO-Ea!«lly worth $2000; lot 27:6x104:6; on
Fulton or D St., between Sixth and
Seventh aves. ; fronting Golden Gate
Park.
$3500 — Third st. business property; west side,
between Folsom and Harrison; frame
building. store and rooming-house
above; always rented; lot 25xS0.
110,500— Cheap; lot 50-foot front on Fourth st.,
between Bryant and Brannan; 4-story
building, stores and rooms; Nos. 512
£14 and 516.
$S500— -Stores and flats: Nos. 1109-1111 Folsom
Bt., between Seventh and Eighth; lot
87:6x90 to rear street; rents $7S0 per
annum.
ALSO.
$16,500— Splendid ranch property of 3*6 acres of
fine land, level and rolling, on San
Pablo Creek, about 15 miles from San
Pablo, Contra Costa County; ample
water supply. The California and Ne-
vada Railroad passes through this
ranch. It Is understood that this roa-1
will shortly be acquired by the San
' Joaquln Valley Railroad as a short cut
into North Oakland, ' which will revo-
lutionize values throughout this valley.
This property has been leased for over
16 years to one tenant.
The above properties are positively ordered
to be sold at once to close the estate.
522,500— Fine eunny corner property on Taylor
Bt., close In; 65-foot front;' excellent lo-
cation for private hotel or rooming-
bouse, and will pay 8 per cent net;
tenant offers guaranteed lease.
$10.000— Storage or stable; brick building; 73-
foot front, near Howard and Ninth sts.;
a bargain; building cost $3500.
Fine large comer lot, 150x200 feet, near Mis-
sion and Thirteenth sts. ; three fronts;
cheap.
$11,750 only; mortgaged for $10.00<V— Downtown
business property; 4-story building; all
rented; a sacrifice,
DAVIDSON & LEIGH.
30 Montgomery st.
A. M. SPECK & CO. ~"
....FOR.... ,
4. ...GOOD INVESTMENTS....*
4. ...4. ...4. .^.4. ...4. ...4
$3200— Four flats downtown; all rented for $44;
great bargain.
$7000— Tremendous bargain; flats; large lot
downtown; rents J90.
* J7500 — 4 brand new flats, \-ery latest: east of
Van Ness; leased for $72 a month.
....4....GOOD....4....
$12,750— Grand Investment east of Van Ness;
rents $130; new Improvements.
$10.000— Income $11X» clear monthly over taxes:
Insurance, etc.; finest Investment ever offered;
b eat it If >™
$21,000— Offer wanted; business property; 4
stores and 8. flats: all rented for $203; few blocks
from Sixth and Market sts.
4 GOOD 4
I $55,000— Choicest Investment ever offered In our
office In this amount; 100-foot front: elepant
brick and frame improvements; all rented at
low rcr.t for J50C0.
$60.000— Grand Investment: cor. east of Jones;
positive Income $500 per month over taxes, In-
surance, etc.; guarantee for 5 years.
....4.. ..GOOD. ...4....
Apply A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market St.
SUNSET HEIGHTS INSTALLMENT LOTS.
Ten per cent cash, $15 per month; interest
7 per cent; choice park lots, ready to build on,
within 5 minutes' walk of the music stand;
prices ranging from $600 upward; possession
given eo that home can be built Immediately.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
DO YOU KNOW
THAT A LOT IN SANTA FE.
The terminal city at Point Richmond, Is the
be*t investment you can make?
Level lots Streets graded
$125: $10 ensh, $5 monthly.
McBWEN BROS.. 118 Montgomery, Sole Agts.
C. C. BEMI3. Real Estate and General Land
Agent, 324 Montgomery st.
Make offer— Northeast corrter Twenty-seventh
and Douglass sts.; must be sold; 80x114 feet.
$1600 — North line Carl St., near Stanyan; 25x
137:6 feet. . ' ' ¦
$1700— BARGAIN:. cottage of 5 rooms and bath:
In first-class condition; lot 22x114: In tha warm
belt of the Mission, near 2 lines of cars.
Apply to H. L. REA, 403 Washington st.
J1050— $250 DOWN: cottage almost new; 4 rooms
and bath; level lot; 7- ft. plank basement.
403 Bank St.. off Cortland ave.
$5600 EACH— 2 elegant new dwelling houses con-
tatntnar 9 rooms and bath, on the east side
of Masonic are., 1 block south of Frederick.
REAL ESTATE — CITY-FOB BALE.
O. H. TJMB8EN A CO.,
KEAi, ESTATE AGENTS,
14 MONTGOMERY ST.
$13,825— Elegant aew modern residence of 10
rooms, bath and finished basement and
"attic; very choice location on Presidio
Heights; large lot. 49:10x87:6.
$9,500— Elegant sew modern residence o< 10
rooms, bath, etc., etc.; 27:6x137:6; com-
mands grand marine views; mutt be
seen to be appreciated.
$*,000— Rents $782 per annum: t houses of 7
rooms and bath each, and lot 83x100;
Devisadero St.; must b« sold to dostt an
estate.
$7,500— Pacific Heights marine view residence;
elegant and modern; 9 rooms and bath;
sunny side of street; 23:9x120; marine
views unobstructed.
$6 BOO— 2-story basement and attio Eaotlake
residence and lot 25x93:6.
|6, 250— Webster St.; flne two-story bay-window
residence of 10 rooms and bath; 27:*
xsi:l. * _ ,
J5.500— Rents $630 per annum: * modern Park
flats of 11 and 7 rooms and bath each;
25x120. '» ,
$5,250— Rents $553 per annum; Grove st. and
Ivy ave.; 2-story house of 13 rooms and
2 baths, and cottage of 4 rooms.
$5.000 — Corner BO-vara lot on Larkin St.; 137 :6x
137:6; street accepted.
$3,700— Rents $432 per annum; near Sixth and
Bryant Bts. ; 3 flats of 4 rooms each and
stable; 25x88:6. '
$3,500— Rents $384 per annum; 2 flats of 6 and
E rooms and bath each, and cottage of
6 rooms and bath; Western Addition;
handy to several lines of cars; 37:6x120;
2 frontages; a real bargain.
$3,200— Rents $444 per annum; store with stock
and fixtures included and flat of 5 rooms
and bath: business locality at a trans-
fer point; lot 26:8Sx87 Irregular.
$3 000— Rents $444 per annum; business corner
on Dupont street; store, flat and cot-
$2 500— Rents $408 per annum : 4 flats and lot 25
x85 feet; near Ninth and Harrison sts.
$2,500— Rents $223 per annum; Geary et. busi-
ness property; substantial building,
store and flat; 30:6x75.
New Pocket Map of. San Francisco County, 25c
Choice list of building lots In every part of
the city at prices to suit.
Call and obtain one of our "Real Estate.
Records," whclh contains a list of properties
for sale In all parts of the city.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
14 Montgomery st
ATTENTION. BUILDERS.
$S50 each— An offer wanted; good opportunity
for a builder; 3 lots on Tremont ave.,
near Frederick st., close to tho Park.
INSIDE OF LARKIN STREET.
$13,5CO— A good inveetment; east of Laxkln st.
and south of Sutter: lot 60x90; good im-
provements; rent $105.
AN ARTISTIC HOME.
$3.000— Splendid new residence containing seven
rooms, bath, finished basement; large
lot; overlooks Goldm Gate Park; can
be had on easy terms; this place must
be cold.
VERY CHEAP COTTAGE.
$1.750— Nice 6-room and bath bay-window cot-
tage. In very desirable residence portion
of the MI?6lon: lot 25x114; f250 cash. $15
monthly.
CHOICE I-OTS.
BAKER-ST. BOULEVARD.*
$2,0C0 and upward— Between McAllister st.
and Golden Gate ave.: 6 lots; sidewalks
laid- Fide sewers In; all ready for build-
ing; cornrr. 37:6x100, $3200.
NICE HOMK ON SCOTT STREET.
16,000— Between Suttter and Post; contains 8
large rooms, bath, etc.
$1.650— Cumberland Bt.. near Church: 3 houses;
rents $19 per month; size lot 50x114; a
foreclosure sale.
NEW HOME AT THE MISSION.
$2,S5O— $100 cash, balance $25 monthly; Alva-
rado St., near Noe and Twenty-aecond ;
contains 5 large sunny rooms, porcelain
bath, etc.; everything up to date; take j
Castro-st. cars to Alvarado st., walk
one block east.
$4^0 CASH; BALANCE $25 MONTHLY.
$3,100 — Handsome home on Castro St., near
Tw<-nty-thlrd; contains 7 large rooms,
bath and all conveniences; sire lot
25x105.
A DEVISADERO-STREET HOME.
$6,000 — Two-story bay-wind<".w house, contain-
ing 8 rooms and bath: an offer wanted.
$230 CASH: $10 MONTHLY.
A nice cottage, 4 rooms and basement; also
good well and windmill; Casplll ave..
not far from Eighteenth and Castro sts. ;
price $l,4<x'.
LYON & HOAG,
114 Montgomery st.
ATTENTION. WORKINGMEN
A TTENTION. WORKINGMEN :
$300 and upward; $10 cash. $5 monthly: build-
ir.K lots on 25th and Mississippi Bts., not far
from the Union Iron Works, Sugar Refinery
and all the large manufactories located at the
Potrero; flne, healthy location; only a short
distance from electric cars; possession given
upon first payment; your rent money will pay
for your home.
LYON & HOAO,
114 Montgomery st ..V.
BOVEE, TOY & SONNTAO,
REAL' ESTATE AGENTS.
HOUSES RENTED, RENTS COLLECTED
AND FULL. CHARGE TAKEN
OF PROPERTY.
624 MARKET ST.
$45,000 — Full 50-vara lot in choice Western
Addition location; fully tmproved; eight sub-
stantial houses of 10 and 12 rooms and bath
each; rents $325 monthly.
$25,000— Close to Market St., on Important
thoroughfare In down town wholesale district;
building lot 36x137:6 feet; if improved can se-
cure good tenant.
$14,000— Three-story building, store and 16
rooms; center of Hayes st. business district;
good income.
$14,000— Fine Western Addition residence on
fashionable stref t, near Van Ness ave.
$11.000 — New elegant modern two-story build-
Ing on Western Addition transfer corner; stores
below and flat above; rents $S6 per month.
$10,590 — Three beautiful new strictly modern
flats on Webster St.; marble steps; tiled vesti-
bule; rents $90 per month.
$7500 — Very artistic modern residence on fash-
ionable street: Pacific Heights.
$65ii0 — Modern and attractive flats on superior
Washington st. block; north side of street;
good rents.
$4500— Substantial detached residence of 7
rooms on Golden Gate ave.; garden; flrst-class
neighborhood.
$2K)0 — Fine lots on Dolores St., near Four-
teenth. *
$2000^-Bulldlng lots on Green St.; In flne resi-
dence district.
$1900— Choice building lots near Van Ness
ave. ; very flne location.
$1350— Flats near Powell and Clay sts.; rents
$19 per month.
Further particulars of
BOVEE. TOT & SONNTAG.
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO. (Inc.).
513 CALIFORNIA ST.
IMPROVED.
$13.000— Corner Grefcn and Powell sts.; 70x70;
3-story building: rents $132.
$12.E00— Union st.. near Taylor; 3 modem flats
and rear house; 25:9xl2S:9; rents $97.
$7250— Van Ness ave., near Pacific ave.; 25x100:
house of 12 rooms.
$6S0O— Hayes St., near Buchanan; 25x120 to
rear street; house of 9 rooms.
$6000— Folsom St., near Eighth; 25x90; 2 flats;
rents 146.
$5250— California St., near Baker; 25:3x82:6,
I flats; rents $42 SO.
$5600— Green et., near Dupont: 16:6x80; 3 bay-
window flats; rents $55.
$o000— Rents $75 per month: corner 2 main
streets In northern part of city.
|4500_Florida st., near Twenty-second; 81x100;
4 flats; rents $48.
$4500— Kearny St., near Union; 20x80 to rear
¦treet; 2 houses; rents $33 25.
$2700— Central ave.. near Hayes St.; 25x100:
store and 4 rooms and bath. •
UNIMPROVED.
Corner Golden Gate ave. and Leavcnworth:
137:«xlS7:8.
$12.500— Cor. Clay et. and Central ave.; 86:3x130.
$7000— Corner Guerrero and Fourteenth; 68xas.
$7500— Valencia St., near Twenty-sixth; 60x».
Corner Bryant and Twenty-second sts.; will
subdivide; 65x100. ,-
$3f,00— Fulton St., .near Flllmore; 32:6x137:6.
$3000— Laguna St.. near Page; 25x100.
$2750 each — Post St.. near Devisadero: 2 lotj»-
$2000— Waller St.. near Stanyan; 25x100.
$1800— Bryant Bt., near Twenty-third; 20x100.
$1750— Corner Castro and Alvarado; 26:6x105.
$1500— Sutter *t., near Lyon; 35.3x100.
T. P. RIORDAN. REAL ESTATE AGENT,
632 Market St., Room 2.
$3,500— C0.tl37:6; west side of Larkin St., near
Union; bltuminlzed; grand view; must
be sold; make offer.
$36,000— Fine large corner, fronting three streets,
•with Improvements; near City Hall; flne
Investment; part cash, balance on 6 per
cent mortgage.
$13,500—80x75 feet; flne Improved corner; south
of Market St., with flne Improvements;
always rented: $1275 yearly; bargain.
« 000 — iftxSa; west side of Valencia st., near
Twenty-third, with improvements; rent-
ed for $50; good bargain.
$16 000— Beautiful corner residence of 16 rooms
and all modern Improvements; flne lo-
cation; best bargain offered In the city.
$23 000— Fine Investment on Mason st., near
O'Farrell; Improved.
$57 500— Fine Improved business corner, paying
near $300.
1 have t-cveral fine corners south of
Market St.. good Investments, paying
well: great bargains.
$13 509—55x120; Bush st., near Polk: with- good
improvements; must bo sold; bargain.
Call and see me If you want to sell or buy.
T. P. RIORDAN. 632 Market eL
\ L. WILLET, Room 18, 916 Market Bt. "
New 2-story house, near finished; lot 75x100;
3 blocks from electric road; $750. or will ex-
change for chicken ranch.
Will sell : you house and lot anywhere you
want it: size and price to suit. ;
Or gilt-edge farm: fruit: running water.
Nice lodging-houaeor a good mine.
Or ¦ will exchange anything you have.'- 916
Market St., phone Black 5215; hours S to 8.
HAVE you property in the Potrero or Excelsior
Homestead Tract that you want to sell T Then
call on W. J. GUNX. 610 California st.
BENJ. H. Llchtenstein ; ; city ' real estate ap-
praisements specialty. Blythe bMg., Qnal AT.
REAL ESTATE— CTTY— FOR g^J^P»
BALDWIN & HOWBLL.
10 MONTGOMERY BT.
"•8W.-..^vr.*^.";"J.v^.".'iR<mtsr WOO w» tana
Splendid Inside downtown centrally located
bualnesa and iovertment property; one-nali
block from Market and Fifth sts.: store below,
2 floors above: Investigate this; a c1ob« offer
might be entertained.
"'r6oo.V.\\^\\V.\V.\V".V.V.'Rents"V8MPW*annum
8 flats on north, sunny side of Hayes it, near
Flllmore; large lot. 27:6x137:6; pays well.
'i^(My.y.y.""!''!'''"'''""'.'iia.r\iie'vievr home
Splendid 2-story house of 6 rooms and bath on
Jones st., near Union-rt. cars; excellent ma-
rine view.
$^4,500.V.V.V.V.V.*.V.V.V.inside" "business property
Substantial 3-story business building: store and
2 floors above; rents $1080 per year; business
thoroughfare; mortgage $8000 can remain; noth-
ing better for the money.
* Ma.OOoV.V.V.V.V.V.V.V."." ". Rents* $2130 per annum
Three new elegant modern thoroughly up-to-
date hlgh-claas flats on Nob Hill; California
Bt; very best location in town.
'i2200y.y.'.!'.!'.!'.!!!!.'!!!.y..'.'!.'.'!.'.''!.'one-iiilr& cash
Two-story house of 7 rooms and bath; Eureka
St., near Twentieth; lot 25x106; cheap home.
**iK6.*.*.".".*.".\".".*.\\\*.V.".*.V.V.V.V.V.V6wner must sell
Owner wants cash at once; 1 or 2 $750 lots for
$550; Elizabeth st.. near Diamond; lot 26x114;
very desirable for a. home.
''iim'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.y////.y.y.!'.y.!!'.!"!!.'!!iiow'\a ihiai
Only one-half a block from Market and Seven-
teenth Bts. and Castro-st cars; 15 minutes to
City Hall; 2-story house of 7 rooms and bath;
lot 40-foot front; will surely sell this week; call
early.
joOO cash'.. !'.!'.!!!'.!!!!!!. Renta $37 50 per month
Beautiful modern flat* located In the Mission;
finest chance for homeseekers ever offered; you
pay us $500 cash down and t37 50 per month;
this Includes Interest and principal; in other
words, you pay us what the flats rent for; you
buy the property for your rent money.
I3EG0 Marine view home
Locust et.. near Washington: lot 25x137:6; cot-
tage, 6 rooms and bath.
$1700 .'...Mission home
Only $700 cash needed; 2-story house. 6 rooms,
bath, stable; chicken yard, etc.; lot 25x114.
Near Union and Laguna sts.; cottage, 5 rooms
and bath.
''i3566'.y.y.'.y.yy'y.'''y.y.yyy..'.'.'.'.'.y'.'.'iCents"i3s
2 flats and rear house, near Seventeenth and
Valencia sts.; $1900 mortgage can remain.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, •
10 Montgomery Ft.
CREAM OF PARK LOTS!
Opposite new Park entrance
....Rare chance for home builders and In-..
..vestment seekers
....Choicest building lots on very easy pay-..
..ments; on the H-st. electric cars and front-..
..ing Golden Gate Park and the new I9th-ave..
..boulevard; lots and streets on official grade;..
. -macadamized
Plank sidewalks, gas and water sen-Ice....
Low prices; bound to increase In value
..Your own terms; Interest only 6 per cent..
— Money advanced for building purposes; the..
..costliest and handsomest modern houses In..
..Sunset District are now being occupied and..
..constructed on the new 19th-ave. boulevard..
....Call at once at our branch office (open..
..week days, Sundays and holidays), corner..
..of H st. and 3th ave., south of Golden Gate..
..Park, and ask to be shown these beautiful..
..lots. Pull particulars and price lists also..
..at our office -.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
MADISON & UURKE.
Established January. 1558.
Real Estate Agents.
Full charge taken of property.
_626 Market st.. opposite Palace HoteL
$(¦500— PINE st., near Scott: 2 flats: rents J57 60;
' lot 25x137:6. MADISON & BL'RKE.
j J7000— INSIDE of Fillmore. in the best part of
the Western Addition: 3 flats; rent $55; must
be eo'.d; will take pmall house In nice part of
the city as part payment. MADISON &
BURKE.
LAUNDRY buijding with 2 flowing wells of Al
water, tanks, barn and lot 168x120, on north
line of Lombard St.. bet. Flllmore and Stelner:
also lot 152x120 on Chestnut et., in rear, rents
$73 per month; must be sold on account of
non-residence. MADISON & BURKE.
DUSH-ST. corner, near Kearny; lot 60x70. with
large, substantial building: rents $230 per
month. MADISON & BURKE.
MISSION-ST. bargain, near Twelfth; large lot;
rew Improvements, store and flats: rents $110;
price $1J.OOO. MADISON & BURKE.
$1C.5€O— FINE vacant property lot. 87:6x90. with
2 corners; Taylor and Greenwich sts. : just the
place for a grocery. MADISON A BURKE.
$S(*'O— AN elegnnt north corner In the Presidio
Heights district; GOxSO; this Is choice prop-
etty and very cheap. MADISON & BURKE.
$(&(*)— BUSH St., near . Webster; 8 rooms and
bath: elegantly finished Interior; 27x100.
MADISON & BURKE.
$Cio0— HAYES-ST.' flats, near the Park; lot 25x
137:6: rents $55; must be sold;, north line of
street and modern. MADISON & BURKE.
$iSC>0— NICE 7-room house on Noe st., near Hill"
j lot 25x80.
$:.M>o— RAUSCH st., near Howard; large lot,
witn double- house: big. rent; must sell.
MADISON & BURKE.
i $13.000— AN elegant marine view house, in the
best of condition; will take a smaller house
for part pay If not too far out. MADISON
A BURKE.
TINE st, near Scott: double house; sunny;
small house; 51:6x137:6; cheap. MADISON &
UURKE.
$45CO— FLATS in the W. Add., near the Pan-
liandle; rent $45; thoroughly modern and
street bltuminlzed. MADISON & BURKE.
SUTTER f>t.. corner of Buchanan; 35xS7:6; only
MADISON ¦& BURKE.
SPLENDID ~"~~
MANUFACTURING SITE.
NEAR NINTH AND BRANNAN
Railroad facilities; three frontages: size 200x
200 feet; price $15,000; also lot 125x100 feft, same
location; price only 55000. ¦
HZZI
$17,000 — A fine Investment property on cross-
town business street; steady tenants; pays flne
Interest.
$5000— Rents $52 50; two flne new flats in Pan-
handle district; all latest modern improve-
ments; wide lot; fine buy for the money.
$3600— In Western Addition; Pine, near Pierce;
residence of 9 rooms, bath, pantry, etc.; large
lot with L.
$2600— A pretty Mission home, <5 rooms and
bath; wide lot; In flrst-class condition.
LOTS LOTS LOTS
In Pacific and Presidio Heights, on Pacific
ave., Devisadero, Vallejo, Clay; sts., etc; all
prices.
McAFEE BROS., 108 Montgomery st.
¦ ~ ¦ — — i
$150 IS all a new 4-room and bath house on
Hoffman ave., near electric car, Heyman
Tract, will cost you in the long run. . i
$400 Is all a new 5-room and bath house on
Hoffman ave., Heyman Tract, will cost you.
$150 is all a new 3-room house will cost you;
on Prentlss st.,.near Cortland ave, and Fol-
Bom st. cars. For explanation ca.ll on JACOB
HEYMAN, 117 Sutter st. Agent James Cotter
for keys, on tract.
$400— LOTS on Lundy lane, opposite Valencia
street.
Health resort: Ocean Beach lots for sale.
JACOB HEYMAN, 117 Sutter st. '
$100 IS all a house of 4 rooms and bath will
cost you; front Elmburst R. R. station: 13
minutes' ride from Oakland. JACOB HEY-
MAN, 117 Sutter at.
HAWKS & SKELTON.
Rents collected and entire charge taken of
property.
$17,000— Business property; Fillmore St.. near
California: rents $1450 per annum; never
vacant; double the Interest you get In
Savings Banks.
1 15 COO— S.W. Green and Leavenwcrth; 137x137;
good dwelling; handsome grounds;
¦ Fup^rb view: easy of access from Hyde
or Union st. cars: will sell house and
77 feet; make an offer.
$3500— Corner lot; Hyde and Francisco; secure
$1925 view of bay; Improving location; will
$1750 subdivide; 15 minutes from Market st.
$5500— Pine et., near Van Ness ave.; old build-
ings; rent nominnl; 23x120; this Is a bar-
¦ gain to build flats on.
J1C00— Lot. Eighteenth st.. near Noe.
HAWKS & SKELTON. 323 Montgomery st.
JOHN PFORR. 4C3 Pine street.
Opposite Nevada Bank.
A fine lot, 23x123. and cottage on Church and
Market sts.; will be sold at a bargain.
J4000— Credit sale of a Park panhandle prop-
erty on Oak St.. near Central ave.; flne cottage
of e room* and bath; lot 25x110.
JII.CO — Rent $123 per month; corner property;
lot 64x80 with four houses, stores and flats.
J3000— Rent $32;' a double flat and a cottage
In the rear; a bargain. .
$10.000— A large lot, 1C0 feet front, on Eddy
St.. near Scott; covered with cottages; always
rented: a narsaln.
$20,000— Mission st., near Sixth: a first rate
Investment; lot 45x80, with two 10- room houses.-
Nine flne building lots on Thirteenth «t, and
Clinton Park, only a few feet west of Valencia;
will be sold very reasonable.
$5750 — Rent J528 per annum: 3-story, store
ami 2 flats; a very snug small business prop-
erty. - "
ALL sorts of financial problems solved by'H.
-MURPHY. 630 Market; 2d mortgages; estates.
BUSH.- 1225 — nice large residence, or could be
: turned Into flats: very sunny; 30x137:8. Call.
12350— CHEAP; i flats on Valleio st; near Leav-
tnworth. Inquire 1123 Vallejo at.
BJBAIi ESTATE— CITY— FOR SALE.
BASTO2T, ELtDRTDOG & CO.
«M MARKET STREET.
PRETTY MISSION HOME
TOR YOUH RENT MONEY.
9300 £ ASI J' BALANCE AS RENT: bay-wln-
*• 2r°Tf? "OJ 1 *** of 6 rooms and batu; lot
25x114^1 block of cars.
EASIEST TERMS EVER OFFERED.
DOTOJTOWN RESIDENCE.
$5300— Best level bltumlnized bjock; Leaven-
worth st.: attractive house, 8 rooms and
bath; light and sunny; marine view.
BUSH-STREET RESIDENCE.
$5500— Elegant modern residence. 8 rooms and
bath, .finished basement, porcelain tub;
tile mantels, etc; sunny side street.
LYON-STREET RESIDENCE.
$4000 — Modern residence, 7 rooms and bath; hot-
house, garden with cement walks; lot !5
119:9 feet.
"WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
$3000—2 substantial, well-built flats of 5 rooms
and bath; lot 25x137:$ ft.; modern and at-
tractive; sunny side street.
CAPP-STREET RESIDENCE.
$3000 — Two-story bay-windowed house of 7
rooms and bath: brick foundation; high
basement; bitumen street.
. MUST BE SOLD— MAKE OFFER.
MISSION WARM BELT FLATS.
$3750— Reduced from J4C0O; make otfer: 2 flats,
4 and 5 rooms and bath; rents {32 aO;
bitumen street, cement walk.
SNAP— BARGAINS IN LOTS.
SEE THEM AT ONCE AND MAKE OFFER.
Three fine lots south side Post., bet.
Fillmore and Stelner sts.
Fine level Ash bury Heights lots on Tre-
mont ave. at your own price and on any
terms desired.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
- . «33 Market st.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
653 MARKET ST.
AUCTION!
AUCTION!
AUCTION!
TUESDAY. NOVEMBER 20, 1S00.
at 12 O'clock Noon.
At Our Salesroom, 838 Market St.
PROBATE SALES.
Estate of Charles O'Neill. Deceased.
No. 250 Minna st., near Fourth, 3 flats, 5 and
4 rooms; rents $33; lot $25x70 feet.
No. 36 Mariposa terrace, near Harriion St.,
ccttige 4 rooms; rents $10; lot 60x50 fret.
Ebtate of Francis L. Wilson, Deceased.
No. 1408 Leaven worth St.. near Washington,
residence 12 rooms and bath; lot 45:«xl37:6.
Three Lots 27x75 Feet Each.
South side Post st, 27 east of Stelner.
South side Post st., 27 west of Flllmore.
LARKIN ST. INVESTMENT.
No. 1308 Larkin at., near Pine: 3 flne fiats
of 6, 5 and 3 rooms and bath; rent $70 month.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
No. 1918 Greenwich St., near Buchanan; 2
flats of 5 rooms and bath; loy 25x137:6 feet.
PARK PANHANDLE FLATS.
No. 1650 Hayes St., near Central ave.; $ flats
of S, 7 and 8 rooms and bath; rents $55 per
month; lot 25:4x137.6 feet.
SOUTH OF MARKET COTTAGE.
No. 134 Langton st., near Harrison; cottage 6
rooms; lot 25xS0 feet.
PROBATE SALE.
No. 422 Fulton st.. near Gougn; 2 front flats
4 rooms each and rear house 4 rooms; rents $35
per month; lot 27:6x137:6 feet.
MARKET ST/lN VESTMENT.
Northeast side Market St., 448 feet southwest
of Church; lot 25x145 feet.
EXCELSIOR HOMESTEAD LOT.
East side London St.. 300 feet south of China
ave. ; 75x100 feet.
MARKET ST. HOMESTEAD ASSOCIATION
LOT.
¦West side Corbett road, 93:2 south of Dia-
mond; lot 95:7x133 feet:
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
' 63S Market st.
GEORGE M. WILLCOX, "
3C8 MONTGOMERY ST. ?
RESIDENCES RESIDENCES
$30,000— Franklin st. corner, near Clay; 1*
rooms, 2 baths; every modern convenience; 55
xl37:6.
$20,000— Jackson st. corner, near Webster; 14
rooms and bath; all latest Improvements; S3
$1X500— Broadway, near Octavla: unobstruct-
ed marine view; 12 rooms and bath; thoroughly
up to date; 37:6x112:6.
$6750— Dush st.: substantial two-story and
high basement house; 14 rooms, conservatory
and bath; 30x137:6.
$6500— Clay, near Hyde: flne two-story and
high basement: bay-window house, 11 rooms
and bath: lot 22xS6:6.
$4000— Rlncon Hill; Kood, substantial two-
Ftory and basement house 11 rooms and bath;
25x85.
$1500 — Nineteenth, near Bryant; nearly new 6-
room cottage and double lot.
$2750— Clara st.. near Fourth: large, well-
built two-story house, 12 rooms; 27x75; very
cheap.
$2750— Fifteenth ave. »outh, near Railroad
ave.; good 9- room house; 75x100.
$26£*>— Mission St.; flve-room cottage: 29:6xS0.
OAKLAND AND OAKLAND.
$18.000 — Very artistic new residence, elegant
and modern; superbly situated; In most fash-
ionable part of Oakland; worth $25,000; 14
rooms and bath; 60x100.
JT.'tGO— Central ave.. Alameda ; best residence
district; a most desirable home within on©
block of narrow gauge station: 9 rooms and
bath: lot 50x150.
$3500— East Seventeenth st., Oakland: 10
rooms and bath; alnn two-story stable: 41x100.
GEORGE M. WILLCOX,
'¦'l'*". • 823 Montgomery st.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS!
GKEAT BARGAINS!
CHOICEST LOCATIONS!
$600 to $S00— Graded Sunset lots; $10 mctithly.
$300 to J50O— Lots Nineteenth ave. boulevard-
$5 monthly.
$600 to $SCO— Choicest" Richmond lots; $10
monthly.
$75 to $300 — Ocean boulevard lots; $5 monthly.
$100 to $250— Level Mission lots, near cars; |S
monthly.
$75 to J123 — Getz Addition, near San Mateo
cars; $1 weekly.
$500 to $1000— Few cottajes; Installment! like
rent.
Branch office Ninth ave. aj»d H st, 8un«et.
Open every day and Sunday. Call for maps
and diagrams.
SOL GETZ A BROTHER.
ROOM 54. CHRONICLE BLDG.
"" $2250. ~
Business corner lot on California St.; 32:6x
100. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
IF you have well-located property In the Mis-
sion, either vacant lots or nice residence, and
i you really want to sell, then call on the under-
signed. W. J. GUNN. 630 California St.
MODERN houses built; lowest prices: plant and
estimates furnished. Campbell. 1147 Mission.
REAL ESTATE: — COUXTIIY — For Sale
ATTENTION. HOMESEEKERS! •
' We desire to call the attention of Intending
buyers of country lands to some bargatns In
Income-producing orchard, vineyard, grain and
stock farm*, many of which are bank foreclo
sures, that we have for sale: Mr. Bush having
had forty years' knowledge and experience cf
the value of lands and being the owner of an
Income-producing orchard and vineyard, can
Intelligently direct Intending buyers to the best
land bargains In the State.
Now is the time to buy.
There Is money In cattle.
There Is money In orchards.
There is money in vineyards.
There Is money In general farming.
There Is money In dried fruits.
There Is money In sheep.
Country land will never be as cheap agatn.
We have sonra of the greatest bargains ever
seen cr heprd of in this State. Call or send
for Tartlculars.
DAVID BUSH & SON. 14 Post »t.
Residence" 'lots.
Farm?, grazing: .and marsh lands.
McAFEE BROS.), 108 Montgomery St.. S. F.
FOR SALE OR LEASE.
1200 acres stock ranch near Santa Rosa: price
$10 per acre.
McAFEE BROS.. 108 Montgomery »t._ S. F.
$3000—21 acres, 3 miles from Santa Rosa: mall
delivered dally. For particulars call or write
to MRS..L. FISCHER. 252 Naples St.. San
Francisco.
5 ACRES at Menlo Park; small house, barn,
chicken houses, fruit trees; 15 larjre oak trees.
W. L. HARPER. 337 Parrott building.
CITY property and farms sold or exchanged :
printed lists. M. GRIFFIN. 713 Market, r. 1.
TENANT wanted for fruit ranch In Santa
Cruz County. Address Box 93, Call office.
REAL ESTATE — COTpyTRY—For Sale
FOR sale— Homestead rellnquJshment of ISO
acres, with fine improvement*, farm tooU.
furniture, etc.; beautiful mountain home:
plenty pare water, pasture and wood: no lr-
rieatlon necessary; San Diego Co.; excellent
place for apples, poultry and bees: $3*0 takes
everything SIDNEY H. F. HARDING. L*i
Anreles. Cal.
1IARIN Co.. 28 miles from B. F. — 1*1 to S3O per
acre; choice lands in tracts of all sizes; Im-
proved farms, chicken ranches, hay, grain,
fruit and vegetable lands; easy term*; rail
and water transit; g-ood schools. HOME AN'D
FARM CO.. room t. 8th floor. Mllla bldg.. 8.F.
FOR rent to-day — 23-aere poultry ranch. 4-room,
house, at $125. J. W. HORN. 812 Mala st.
Petaluma. Cal.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCUAXGG.
MARION GRIFFIN, 713 Market St.. & F.. r. L
Will exchanze for property In 'bay cities:
10 a. home; near Stanford University.. J4.7M
13* a.; near Berkeley (equity) 13.<XW>
13 a.: in alfalfa: Tehama Co.; flne T>1
30 a.; orchard, etc.: Solano; income 1700. t.SOO
2 houses and lots In Santa Crux city... 2.100
JO a. home; Fresno Co.; equity taken... J.0M
450 a.; GlennXTo. ; a valuable equity «.<">0
Fine farm: 2 miles ef Vallejo 4.**>
10O a.: flne; level: frood: Shasta Co 2.5*>
In Frultvale: new house: lot 70x110 tooo
400 a.; well Improved; Sonoma Co 10.K*>
110 a.; Napa Co.; well Improved 2.0TO
20 a.; almonds; Tehama Co.: tncom* $600 J.fiuO
4<) a.; Tehama Cr*.: yields 60ft bu. oats.. 2.000
1*0 a.; Oregon; Burbank potato land 1.I0O
Redwood vhake mill; 2 men clear 115 day *">
6-room cottasre:* Mission warm belt, S. F. 3.50O
160 a.; especially fine; Lake Co.
NEW cottage. < nn«., bath: lot SOxlOO; Mission;
t^rirts i snd vsfRHt lots*. 413 it*B%niy •£•
REAL ESTATE WASTED.
__ t _ _ _
WANT stock ranch In Sonoma or Mend^dno
County with some rood land on place-. D. E.
WILSON. 127'> Kirkham st.. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALA3IEDA REAL ESTATE.
ALAMEDA BARG AINSl "~~ ~™~~~"-~
linoo— Large, lot with 7-room house, between
narrow and broad gauge railroads; street work
done; near school; great bargain.
EASY TERMS.
$1400— Lot 84x123, with 6-room cottasre: on
main avenue; great sna:>.
$2400 — Fine two-stopy house cf 7 rooms «b<1
bath; Alameda ave.; near station and school;
terms to suit.
$2700— Lot 45x150; flne, well-buSlt modern
house 7 rooms and bath: on main avenue: near
trains, electric cars and school; easy terms.
$3000— Lot 35x113; elegant 8-room modern
house: good location; near station and school;
will sell on any terms and no reasonable, offer
refused; see this snap at once.
$35tO— Lot 40x150; on Broadway, near Santa
Clara ave. : new up to date house, S rooms and
bath; flne location; on 80- foot street.
}425O — Lot 50x140; ten rooms; $000 cash, bal-
ance $35 per month.
$6000— Lot 50x3)7:6; ten rooms and bam; Cen-
tral ave. ; snap.
$6(V)0 — Lot 100x200; eleven rooms and barn:
"J10C0 cash, balance on flat loan; worth $12,000;
greatest snap.
$Tj00— Lot 9QX150; nine-room residence, with
barn: on main ave.; be3t location in Alameda.
Huuaes to let in all rarts of Alameda-
H. F. MORE A L A CO.
1422 Park st.. Alameda. Cal.
NORTH SIDE cf Clement ave.; 5-Voora cot-
tage, bath, etc.; lot SxlSO feet; street work
complete; $1300.
Lincoln ave.; house of 5 rooms: lot 50x133;
street -work complete: J123"\
San Jo3e ave.; choice lot 5?sl^>; street work
complete; $1^0.
5 acres land fine house, well and outhouses;
near station: for sale at the greatest bargain.
Clinton ave.; 2-story house of 9 rooms; lot 10O
3tt53: corner; call at tho office for fall par-
ticulars.
Fine lots on Sherman st. : 75x1*1; street work
all complete; tho choicest Iot3 !n Alameda.
Elegant home on Sherman at.; valued at $13.-
000; greatest bargain in Alameda.
Call to see our list of improved and unim-
proved property.
E. D. JUDD CO.. 1424 Park St., Alamefla. Cal.
NOW r IS~THE~TIME TO INVEST:
Taken Under Foreclosure. A Great Bargain!
A new modern 8-roon> 2-story house; ail mod-
ern improvements; }!orton-st. station; pries
$3000: this is a snap.
$1230— For a 5-room cottage: Clinton ave.; lot
50x123: nothing like it every offered before.
Lot SOxlOO: Willow at.; street work all dona;
price only $400.
All the above can be bought on easy terms;
houses built, sold, rented and exchanged.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY,
150O Park st.. Alameda and 2f» Post St.. S. T.
Office open Sundays and evening*.
TO exchange for San Francisco residence or
business property valued at $10,000 or ui\der.
north of Market st. preferred: two choice
corners in Alameda: finest building or Invest-
ment sites In that city; will make even trada
or pay cash difference on suljable property.
Address, statin? nature of improvements,
ca«h value of property, etc.. box 140. Call.
FOR sale In Alameda— House of 6 romni: lot
' 50x140; orchard and shrubbery; 3 blocks to
Park St.; sold cheap; cash or Installment*.
Apply or address M. II. F., 1C50 Broadway.
Alameda.
$3300 WILL buy an el?gant house Just finished;
lot 50x119; palm and bearing fruit trees. J. H.
YOUNG, owner. 1243 Park st.
JJ250 AUCTION price; finest modern S^roona
cottage In Alameda: perfect plumblnx: tin*
location: S blocks from station A high school;
fair terms. A. Q. Bums. 1501 Park. Alameda.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$1350— 4-ROOM house. large lot; east of railroad.
J2C00— 5-room house (.new); Grove st.
$2250— 5-room house; all modern improve-
ment*; electric lights, etc.; Telegraph ave.
$1200— 4-room house; large lot: ea«y terms.
(4500 Fine boarding; house of 13 rooms; la
flrst-class order and near university.
$1500— Large lot. 120x270; fronting 3 streets.
"We have the largest list cf choice property
In Berkeley. MASON & McLENATHEN.
Adjoining P. P.. Berkeley.
$2500— $100 CASH, balance $20 per month: hous»
of 8 rooms; corner: lot 45x100; all sewered;
will t^ade for a ranch of equal value; only
3 blocks to cars. W. C. MORAN.
$1950— $750 CASH, balance $15 per month; new
b»y-wlndow cottag". all furnished, of 5 large
rooms; large basement: 1 block to train and
electric cars; street eewered, ' graded and mac-
adamized: cottage alone cheap at this pnc«;
parties going East. W. C. MORAN. Lortn
station, Berkeley.
SNAP-BARGAINS. SN AP-BARO A IN8.
tZZd— Lot- University ave.: East Berkeley,
j t if.0 — Lot 50x123; corner: Telegraph ave.
$1000— Lot 50x144; Scenic Park Tract.
1750— Almost an acre; near local train: will
buy a lot and build a house to suit you on in-
stallments. H. B. PINXEY.
Opposite Local Station. Berkeley.
TWO-STORY house of 8 rooms, bath, pantry,
closets, hot and cold water, chicken housem.
wash house; nlcp lawn; lot HbclOO: tight fenc»
all around place, beautiful marine view; a
blocks from stores, schools, church aad elec-
tric cars: price $1230; $150 down, balance $14
per month. Take Berkeley train, get off at
Lotin. inquire for RUDOLPH. PERKINS &
LYON. Office ot>en Sundays.
HOUSE of 5 rooms, bath, pantry, folding doors,
pretty mantel, bay window and modern In all
respects; street macadamized; cement side-
walks; a beautiful place for a home; 3 blocks
from Lorln station; price tUA); $200 down,
balance fl7 per month. RUDOLPH, PER-
KINS & LYON, Lorln Station. Berkeley.
Office o^en Sundays.
ALTA PUNTA TRACT— San Pablo *T».. 3
miles north of Berkeley: 1150 to $230 per acre;
lots $60 to $120 each; $3 a month: call for
maps. G. W. HAIGHT. 401 Cnllfoml* St.. aF.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
CFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$2100— ONLY $000 cash, balance easy; new bun-
galow cottage, 5 rooms, porcelain bath and
the latest In modern ideas; cute and coxy;
near bread gauge: close to cars, schools and
business center: would cost $2500 to duplicate.
J. S. MYERS. 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
$1SOO— SNAP; business corner; store vith fix-
tures complete and 4 fin* living rooms; barn
33x100; In populated community; excellent op-
portunity for grocer or baker; terms.
J. S. MYERS. 10C2 Broadway. Oakland.
$150 CASH. $5 50 monthly; new S-room cottag*.
1-t'X>t ba?ement: flne large lot. 256 feet deep:
price al! told. $«£0.
IT '.<> cash. $4 io monthly; U acre, excellent
$15 cash*. $6 5ft monthly; ! i acre Al land. $235.
$22 '-0 cash. $3 monthly; *i acr« superb land
$23 cash. $11 monthly: 1 aero (more can bey
Adjoining '°East Oakland; climate, soil anrt
view the very best; away from fogs and raw
winds; near electric car line and wide boule-
vard Call or 3end for circular, 455 Seventh st..
Oakland: carriage free. H. Z. JONE3. Owner.
WANTED— In San Francisco, a good 9 or 10-
rocm house In desirable location, to trade for
a fine 100-foot front buslnesa csrner In Oak-
land. A. J. SNYDER A CO.. 447 Ninth «t..
Oakland. _______^
for Additional Classified Advertise
xnents Set Pagi 33.Ladles of the Maccabees.
The social recently given by Fraternal
Hive In the Maccabee Temple has added
to the membership of 'that body. Lady
Commander Ida Leroi has returned from
the city of Stockton, -where she Bpent a
week's vacation at the home of her sis
ter. Ladles LJzzie Whiteside, Alma. Jack
son and Jennie Greene, -who were on the
committee on ¦ house-warming: social, with
Lady Commander Lerol as adviser, after
presenting their report -were tendered a
vote of thanks for tne able and business
like, manner In which they conducted tho
affair. -t . .
Mrs G W Crystal, Cal
Mrs C S Walter, S Jose
F XV Wilson, Winters
D E McKlnlay, Cal
D McCormick, Stocktn
J D Smith, Redwood
T Holland. Phlla
J McDonogh, Stockton
E Dlnkelspiel. Sulsun
J W Isleton. Isleton
C Crowell, Oakland
J H Halloway. U S N.
H C Carroll & w. Call
N Blacketock. Ventura
Miss Blackstock, Vent
J C Eaton & w, Oakld'
M Marstiller, Arizona
L Fowler, Arizona
R jHudson, Hanford
L S Stevens & w, N Y
Mrs O T Moore, GUroy
W C Rouse, Chicago
H E Stelnheart, Cal
DrSN Harris, Montry
Miss F Rowe, Pac Grv
W F Cleland, Cal
W T Barry, Salinas
A Cresnl, New York
B Shane, New York
H McElwin, Boston
Miss O Earl. Ind
H B Cole, Salt Lako
E L Webber, Naoa
A Barmann, Stockton
H Husser. Los Ang
Miss L Cutler. Oaklnd
H Cox, Uktah
H Kelly, Napa
G W Thome, w & S ch,
I Colorado
P J McKinney. Mo
M H Orr, Stockton
N Phillips, Portland
M L Storm, Los Ang
A M Pentreath. NY
J C Armstrong, Detroit
H Demmick, Vallejo "
G C Terry & w, Cal
Miss Smith. Cal
P Davis, La Grange
W Barry, Salinas
H Lightner, Sacto ,
PALACE HpTEL.
Mrs E T Howard. Oak
W F lewett & w. Or
E Corrigan. Chicago
W A Brewer, S Mateo
H Robinson, Stanford
W Robinson, Stanford
C E Marcona, Ohio
J V Bell. Texas
C O'Callahan, Mexico
J D Grant. Sacto
K Rosenthal. Chicago
L Peterson & vr, Or :
A C Bingham, Marysvl
D C Lewis, Oregon .
E J Coyle. Vancouver
Mrs J D Troup, B C
H C Perry, Ireland
B Becker, Germany
G B Ross, N T
J Underhlll & w, Butte
Miss Underhlll, Butte
J H Col burn. NT
W A Shuman, St Lake
H' M Robinson & w,
Denver
W A Wilson, Kansas C
E F Claypool & w, Ind
R S Osterman, Reno
C V Wagner, N Y
M B Sweeney, N J
Mrs H Stevenson. Cal
*J Dobblesteln, Cal
|E Von Dyck. Antwerp
D Blspham, London
N Bayley, N Y
W V Jones. N Y
Mr* L A Terry. Sacto
Mrs J E Terry, Sacto
W L Jones, Milwaukee
A L Levlnsky, Stocktn
O M Abrams, N Y
|M Blum. New York
E J McFadden, Cal
W Chapman, Callahans
J Chapman, Callahans
H Chapman, Callahans
A Andon. Los Angeles
W G Maury, N Y
J Curtis, Stockton
C P Shockley, Vallejo
J Jones, Vallejo
J W Celler. Boston
W Moore & w, Uktah
J W Harper, Ft Bragg
W W McCandllsh, Cal
J Pearlman, San Jose
P H Shrewberry.S Jose
G A Green, Menlo Park
H Hardt. Chicago
W H Barrington, Mo
A P Tyrell. Tacoma
A D Watterman.Tacma
J H Mulcahy, Tacoma
C R Clapp. Ft Brass
HOTEIL AUBIVAXS.
GRAND HOTEL
Clan Fraser.
dan Fraaer, one of the prominent Scot
tish societies of this city,, will celebrate Its
tenth anniversary by a banquet in one
of the leading restaurants on the night
of the 23d lnst.
Commercial Bodies of Interior Cities
Name Delegates to Attend the
Proceedings in San
Francisco.
The interest of the miners will be cen
tered from now on in the proceedings of
the California Miners* Association. The
Indications are that the gathering will bo
one of the best that has ever taken place
in this State. Secretary Benjamin has
called a meeting of the executive commit
tee of the California Miners' Association,
-which will take place next Tuesday even
in*. At that time the programme of pro
ceedings for the convention will bo ar
ia nged. The California Petroleum Miners'
Association has voted to take part In the
convention. There are also new mining
organizations that will send delegates.
Mariposa, Kern and San Bernardino coun
ties have formed associations of miners.
Boards of Trade and Chambers of Com
merce from several cities, realizing the
importance of the work in hand, have ap
pointed delegates to attend. San Diego.
Sacramento and Fresno have taken such
action. The proceedings will be opened on
the 19th lnat This will be the ninth an
nual session.
The most marked feature of the move
ment of silver during the present year has
been the great increase in the supply sent
from the United" States. Great Britain
imported, in sterling values, £9,796,703. and
£8.060,107 came from the United States, an
increase for this country of £1,434,121 for
the nine months to October 1. This was
an increase of 22.6 per cent and the Amer
ican supply furnished 65.5 of the whole.
he against 67 per cent last year. In nine
months China has taken from London and
San Francisco about 37.450,000 ounces, an
increase of 91.2 per cent. Japan has ap
peared as a silver buyer for tne first time
since the adoption of the gold standard.
The supposition is that it was taken to
pay the Japanese troops in China. The
tnglneeringr and Mining Journal, care
fully reviewing the market conditions,
notes that the total increase in shipments
of silver to the Orient was £2,&58,306, or
42.6 per cent, and says:
"The capacity of China and India to ab
sorb silver is not diminishing, and a mar
ket can be found there, in all probability,
for a long time to come. The price of sil
ver has now been at a fairly high level
for some time past. It promises to re
main in that position for the present, cer
tainly as long as the present great de
mand continues."
The price of silver has been higher this
year than In five years past. The London i
Statist is authority for the statement that
India took 60,000,000 ounces of silver in the
year ending • September 1. and predicts
that it will require nearly one-third of the
world's output.
United States Consul McCook reports
that the output of gold has been increas
ing in the Yukon district, but that the
average value of the gravels has been
steadily declining. The cost of working
has fallen and this enables properties to
be developed that would not have been
profitable two or three years ago. Com
binations of traders to keep up prices,
high transportation- rates by land and by
water, unsatisfactory mining regulations,
the charge of ten per cent on the gross
output of any claim where the product
exceeds $3000 per annum, the miner's li
cense, the cost of fuel for thawing the
ground— these have all worked to make
the operating expenses high.
The American Mining News, published
in New York, alludes to the profits of cer
tain mines under the caption, "Does Min
ing Pay?" as follows:
Strattcn's Independence of Cripple Creek,
Colo.. vis paying quarterly dividends of S4S*..Qno. !
and the total paid has been J2.440.0OO. The Calu
met ana Ilecla copper mines of Michigan have
paid J.0.060.0W to the shareholders, though it
cost them «, 200.000 before one dividend was de
clared, and it was started originally as a "wild
cat." The mines of Cripple Creek, Colo., paid
nearly |1. 000.000 net In September, and the to
tal dividends paid by the mines of the district
amount to $13,000,000. During tho month of
August copper to the* value of I4.5OO.00O was
shipped from the United States to Europe. In
the same month American mines paid I3.M6.
154 and for the six preceding months over JI4,
000.000 in dividends. .The Homestake of Lead
| ville. Colo., has produced In twenty-three years
$65,000,000 and has paid nearly $10,000,000 in clean
1 dividends, and the Homestake of South Dakota
has been paying quarterly dividends of *106.C0O
regularly for over a year. These are but a
few figures gathered at random here and there,
but are they not worth considering when com
paring- mining with other industries?
There is an amusing story going the,
rounds that King Leopold of Belgium has
been persuaded to become a mining part
ner of Thomas Walsh of Colorado and
that the King, as a starter, put several
millions of dollars Into Walsh's hands for
investment. This has tne merit at pic
turesqueness if not ot strict originality.
Walsh is thereupon reported to be about
to use the King's money to stir up the
stock market, but more particularly to
invest in mining properties In tho United
States.
The Salt Lake Mining Review is san
guine about the mining outlook in the
"intermountaln country. It says:
The situation and condition here In Utah, as
in fact all of this Inter-mountain country.
viewed from a mining standpoint, is excep
tionally if not unprecedented ly bright. So far
as Utah in particular Is concerned, all of the
largest and older camps give unmistakable evi
dence of prosperity by conclusive proof of ore
output and tonnage. This reference, of course,
is made to Park City, where the Ontario, Sil
ver King, Daly-West, Daly, Anchor and Valeo
send in their weekly conrlbuttons; to Tin tic.
where such properties aa the Centenntal-Ku
reka. Mammoth. Grand Central. Bullion-Beck.
Gemini, Eureka Hill, AJax, Carisa, the two
Ewsnseue and a score of others, send out sub
stantial proofs of their capacities: of Bingham.
where tho world-famous old Jordan and Oa
lena and Old Telegraph, now the United State*
Mining Company; the Highland Boy group.
now the Utah Consolidated: tho Dal ten and
Lark, the Niagara, the Winnamuck. Last
Chance, Julia Dean, Shawmut. Red Wlnr and
many more, and Mercur, where the Mercur.
Kacramento. Northern Light and De La mar' *
holdings have fairly electrified the mining- uni
verse. But what shall be said of tho coming
and rapidly growing districts such as Alu,
Deep Creep. Gold Mountain, Park Valley, State
line, Marysvale and La. Sals? The Review has
ascertained that more men are at work In all
of the districts mentioned than ever before In
their respective histories, and that more grati
fying results are being obtained than ever.
There has been a sale. of large hydraulic
property in Oregon near Grants Pas*.
The purchasers are "W. E. Davis and 'as
sociates of Chicago. The property con
sists of three miles of creek bottom, em
bracing nine claims and lease to 320 acres
of patented land. It has three miles of
ditch and a pipe line with two "Giants"
of the latest pattern. The ditch carries
1200 miners* inches of water with 250 feet
pressure. On the land Is also a reservo'r
and a sawmill that will cut 20.000 feet of
lumber per day. The gravel .banks arc
from five to six feet high. The mine was
equipped recently ana has not been
worked long with the present outfit, but
was formerly operated for years In a
primitive fashion.
.Mineral Wealth, published In Redding
Shasta County, describing the Old Dig
gings district, reports that of the fifty
odd claims which are Included in the au
riferous area, of Old Diggings two groups
alone caji be said to be developing
The new smelting plant to be erected
at Salt Lake will cost about $1,000,000 The
contracts for the construction have been
awarded. Work has begun on the great
chimney, which will be twenty feet In
diameter and 200 feet high. There will
be four miles of railway switches in the
smelter yards. The builders are the
American Smelting and Refining Com
pany.
The water has started up mining proper
ties In California. Some notes gleaned
from various sources are as follows:
New Associations Formed
. in Several Sections for
Common Good.
COUNTIES READY
FOR CONVENTION
OF THE MINERS
. The opinion of State Mineralogist
Cooper, as published in this paper, that
the drilling of deeper wells for petroleum
in California would bring results In find
ing a better quality of oil than has been
discovered in the shallower wells, bids
fair to be tested. Mr. Cooper's expres
sions have been widely copied and have
formed the basis of many editorial opin
ions. His main idea is, as will be re
membered, that the relative thickness of
the oil in the sand that has been ex
ploited ia due to the evaporation of the
volatile substances. Below the upper
sands Is a richer deposit. This has been
the uniform discoverey in all parts of the
world where deep drilling for petroleum
has been performed. There is no reason,
f,rom the geological point of view, why
California oil fields should supply an ex
ception in this regard. On the basis of
this opinion Mr. Cooper said that no field
In California that has been exploited at
all has Aade any near approach to the
period of exhaustion of its liquid wealth.
The report is received that the Junction
Oil' Company has started to drill a well
that w|ll be at least 2000 feet deep. That
is about the average depth of the wells
In the Pennsylvania oil fields. The Junc
tion Company will operate In the Kern
River field. In section 9, 29-28. The com
pany has three- wells that are good pro
ducers. Operators in ail parts' of Cali
fornia will watch the outcome of thedeep
weJl boring with interest. If the theory of
Mr. Cooper shall be determined to be cor
rect, it will open up a vista of wealth be
side which trie present promise is rela
tively small.
Routt County, Colo., is thelatest locality
to have an oil excitement up to date.
The Standard Oil Company is reported to
have alreauy entered me held and to have
secured thousands of acres in the west
ern part of the county. There has been
a rush for some time past. Considerable
development work, is under way. One
well is reported to be down 1000 feet, but
no report is at hand concerning the dis
coveries made or the indications.' Al
ready the boomers are promising that a
railway will be built into Nortawestern
Colorado to tap the oil section. Several
companies, according to one account, are
backed by capital from Colorado Springs.
Eastern capital is al3o going into the
wells.
The Los Angeles Herald estimates that
the monthly output of Ventura County
has reached 50,000 barrels. Hundreds «f
thousands of acres have been purchased
or leased for the purpose of prospecting
for petroleum, the greater investments
being in the neighborhod of Plru, Sespe
and Fillmore.
Large contracts for supplying the rail
ways with oil are now the order of the
day. J. M. Keith of Bakersfleld, who Is
largely interested in the Thirty-three Oil
Company, has secured from the South
ern Pacific Company a contract for all the
oil that he can produce at his wells for a
term of five years. The capacity ol
eighteen completed wells is stated by Mr.
Keith to be 1200 barrels per day. His
company will drill additional wells to In
crease the output for the Southern Pa
cific Company's use. The company has
an eight-inch pipe line to the Southern
Pacific spur, which is about one and a
half miles from the wells. A centrifugal
pump is there with sufficient capacity to
load a car every thirty minutes. The ex
pectation is that the output of the welts
in which Mr. Keith is interested will
amount to 2000 barrels per day soon.
Bakersfleld has taken on some of tho
symptoms of a boom town on account of
the rapid development of the oil industry
in Kern County's fields. There are not
accommodations for the crowd, present
and prospective, which will be attracted
by the glittering future of Bakersfield.
A large hotel is planned, rooming houses
are being fitted up and several large
buildinR-s are projected. Contracts for
building all over the town are reported to
have been let. A correspondent write*
from Bakersfleld that the town is making
rapid strides in all sorts of material im
provements. "Something like fifteen miles
of cement sidewalk have been laid; a con
tracting firm is working hard with a big
plant to pave the streets with asphait.
Considering the strain upon the pqeket
books by reason of oil investments Im
provements along modern lines is going
on very rapidly."
To accommodate the crowd that is com
ing into Bakersfleld a large number of
cots, something over a hundred — have
been put into Armory Hall, and there
strangers may. be lodged at the Fate of
$1 per night. :
Of about 500 locomotives owned by the
railways in Roumania more than one-half
are heated with petroleum residuum, pro
jected upon a bed of lignite. Five loco
motives use petroleum exclusively and the
conversion of all the others hts been or
dered. Petroleum fuel is now commonlv
used on the steamers plying: on the Dan
ube. The systematic working of the Rou
mania oil deposits did not begin until
1S59 and there was exported that year
crude petroleum to the value of $30,000.
Slow progress was made until 1895. Sirrc3
then the production has jumped up about
50 per cent annually over the product of
the preceding year. Last - ear 300,000 tons
of petroleum was produced, about one
third of which was consumed in the in
terior of the country. The remainder was
exported.
The Bakersgeld correspondent of the
Los Angeles Times writes:
Efforts to Induce the Southern Pacific to
build a spur from the Kern River branch up
the section 32 canyon, seem to have failed, and
the various companies operating- in that vicin
ity are either becoming: reconciled to a contin
uation of the team hauling process, or are ar
ranging for pipe lines. The Peerless, on the
southwest quarter of 31, 28. 28, is taking: the
lead in this latter alternative, and has pur
chased enough five and five-eighths pipe to con
nect its wells with the railroad, one and &
half miles distant. The plpa will be laid two
feet under ground. The oil -will- be heated by
steam before entering the pipe and the- In
creased fluidity thus gained, together with the
natural advantage of some 200 feet elevation,
will doubtless make the experiment a success.
The subject of transportation is receiving
more attention than formerly. It being manifest
to many that the charge of forty-two cents per
barrel from the fields to San Francisco and of
fifty-one to Los Angeles, is exorbitant. These
rates have set operators to flouring and some
of them have demonstrated to their own satis
faction that the output from the local fields
when it rises to 200 barrels per day, a not un
reasonable expectation, will pay for a railroad
to tidewater v.-lthln two years. The amount
that will be turned Into the railroad's, treasury
durlnjf that time at the above rae of produc
tion rises to J2.C0O.0OO, which sum Includes S3
switching charges exacted for every car. The
foregoing is the substance of an Interview with
one of the operators in the Kern River field.
Ten years ago the oil industry In the
Newhall section was confined to a fevr
wells— less than ten— drilling: west of the
village, all the wells being owned by one
company. The village was small and in
consequent in a commercial way. It has
grown Into a busy little city all on ac
count of the wealth and business brought
by the oil developments. The wells in ihe
vicinity are now numbered by the score.
Ten new wells will soon be ready to
pump, probably this month. The Nfewhall
Held is about twelve miles lonp. The lim
its have never been fully defined in any
direction.
A call is out for a meeting: of the oil
men of the State to be held in the assem
bly room . of the Mills building- next
Wednesday evening. The business In hand
consists of simplifying the methods of
handling oil, to bring about co-operation
among- the several sections of the Stato
to the end 'that' a uniform price for crude
petroleum may be maintained and to dis
cuss the matter of a uniform commission
for stock to be sold through bjjikers and
brokers In the East.
Kern River Field Is Scene of Deeper
Delving for More Valuable
Quality of Petro
leum.
Preparing to Test Accuracy
of the Views of State
Mineralogist.
TRYING TO GET
DOWN TO LOWER
RICH OIL SAND
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, , SU3!fDAY, NOVEMBER 11,-1900.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
38
ROOMS TO LET— Pnrn. and Cnfnrn.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth— Rooms 25c
to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and light
housekeeping; open all night.
BARTLETT. 414— S sunny connecting and un-
furnished housekeeping rooms.
BROADWAY, 635A— Unfurnished rooms In
suites and single; low rate.
BRYANT, 618— Furnished front room In pri-
vate family.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1864)— Fur-
nished rms, suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH, 620 (The Elk)-Changed hands; newly '
renovated, nicely turn, sunny rms., $1 50 to $7
week; 25c to SI BO night. MRS. P. RANFT.
BUSH, 1406— Sunny room; gas, bath, J6; In pri-
vate family.
CASTRO. 611—2 unfurnished rooms; modern;
rent $4 60. .
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Handsomely
furnished eunny rooms; prices reasonable.
FINE room to rent to a gentleman by a Ger-
man lady at 1114 Harrison st.
FOLSOM. 965. cor. 6th (The Oliver)— New fur-
nished eunny rms.. single, suites; reasonable.
FULTON', 124— Sunny bay-window furnished
rooms; near City Hall.
FULTON, IS48, cor. 6th ave., opposite main en-
trance G. O. Park, close to new band stand —
Newly and very nicely furnished sunny rooms
to let; McAllister, Geary and Sacramento cars
to the door; Sutro cars two blocks; board op-
tional
GEART. 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
nns; suites or single; travelers accommodated.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1063— A lovely furnished
room, 16. ¦
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and MUFlon sts. — Sunny rooms, en euite or
single; ladies' parlor; reading-room: elevator.
GREENWICH. Ell— 6 large rooms for J fam-
ilies; cheap rent.
HOWARD. 10€3H— Finely furnished sunny front
bay-window rooms. UP; also others.
HTDE. 407B— Neatly furnished room; sunny;
private family.
JESSIE. 644. upstair*— 3 sunny front rooms;
rent J5 per month.
LAGUNA. 74»— Unfurnished parlors; eun all
day; prlvats; quiet; modern.
LARKIN. 904— Email sunny" room suitable for
gent, neatly furnished. $4 50 per montH.
LARKIN*. 1004, near Post— Laree newly reno-
vated furnished sunny rooms: $7 per month.
LARKIN. 1309— Furnished single and double
rooms; sun all day; J5 up; conveniences.
I.AS PALMAS. 1820 Market st.-Suite of 2 or T
rms.; private; bath; sin, rms.: board optional.
MARY, 20, near Fifth and Mission— Seven
rooms; double parlors; rent cheap.
MCALLISTER, 670— Sunny front room, newly
furnished, with modem conveniences: private.
McCLELLAND, 200 Turk et.— Changed hands:
newly renovated; all rooms facing either
Turk or Jones St.; rent reasonable.
MINNA. 537— Small furnished front room.
MINNA. 667, corner Eighth— New furnished
bay-window room. SI prr week; transient.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market et.— Nicely
furnished rooms, 12 a week up; S5c* a day up.
OAK. S36— Large clean bsy-wlndow alcove
suite; bath, gas, mantel, running water: pri-
vate family; J12; other rooms, »S and 110.
OCTAVIA. 1537— Sunny narlor suite, modern
conveniences; also single room; flrst-clacs
board; private family; references; gentlemen
only.
OTARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms 'and
offices ; elevator: electric lights: day, wk.. mo.
OTARRELL, 224— Nicely furnished front suite,
also other sunny rooms.
OTARRELL. 614— Newly furnished eunny suite,
single rooms, suitable couple or 2 gentlemen.
POST. S4J— Sunny furnished room, running
water, for 1 or 1 gentlemen.
ROSEDALE House. S19 and 321 Ellis st.— Rooms,
night 25c to tU week »1 25 to $4; open nlgnt.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis St.— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night. 35c to $1 60: week. $2 to
$S; month. JS to $30; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 2S Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
SILVER. 127B, near Third and Harrison— Sunny
front furnished rooms; gas and bath; reason.
SIXTH. 1J6— Furnished room, suitable for. gen-
tleman^
SOUTH PARK. 125— Sunny hall room; quiet
house; rent J4 50 menth.
STEVENSON. 550>4— Large sunny front room.
*8; pri\-ate family: also suite. 112.
TAYLOR, 810— Sunny room for gentleman, $10;
2 others, $12 and 115.
THIRD, lUVi — Two large unfurnished rooms;
yard; entrance In rear: rent $5.
TURK. 126— Furnished room, suitable for gen-
tleman, $5 mo. ; also other rm. for 1 or 2 Rents.
TURK. 529 — Large front room neatly furnished;
running water: 112; small room. $5.
TUKK. 645— Sunny single furnished room;
rent $6.
TURK. 803— Large alcove room; running water;
closet, grate, gas, bath; also large front room.
2 LARGE rooms, bedroom and kitchen, newly
papered, and furnished for housekeeping; rent
jl 75 per week. Apply at shoe store. 662 Mls-
1 sion St., between First and Second sts.
2 SUNNY rooms In private family: gentlemen
preferred. Box 101, Call cfflc«L
C A MONTH; sitting and b*><lroom combined;
finely furnished; sunny; Mason, near Bush.
Box ISO, Call.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1056
Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. It per year.
ROOMS WAXTED.
BUSINESS woman would like eunny room;
north of Eddy: 10 minutes from Post and
Kearny; references. Address E., box 25, Call.
"WANTED — S partly furnished runny rooms;
housekeeping; must be reasonable for re-
sponsible parties; 2 in family; vicinity City
Hall. Box 121. Call office.
ROOMS AND DOARD.
ELEGANT spacious parlors and other rooms;
modern private home; bath, gas, and board
first-class: convenient to park; 20 minutes
from the Call. Box 148, Call.
SUNNY room and board in private family and
uso of bath; place for fire. Address P. &,,
box 1SS. Call office.
ROOM and board. SI!: bath and gas; private
family. 110H McAllister.
BOARD and rooms at 4 IS First it, near Har-
rison.
A WEEK* 8 news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. II per year.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
YOUNG machinist desires board and room;
home comfort In a private Protestant Chris-
tian family; 10 minutes' walk northwest of
Blxth and Howard; state terms. Box 1S9, Call.
LADY desires room and board, with refined pri-
vate family: central location; Intends re-
maining; In 6. F. several months; references
exchanged. Box 146, Call office.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
LADIES— Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best; safe, reliable: take no other;
send 4o stamps for particulars; "Relief for
Ladles" in letter by return mail; at drug-
glsts. Chlchester Chemical Co.. Phlladel.. Pa.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO.,
415 Montgomery St., rooms 9-10; tel. &5S0.
ROOMS papered from (2 60; whitened Jl up;
painting done. Hart-man Paint Co.. Il» Third.
SEWIXG MACHIXESAXp SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing lowest rates; open even. 205 Fourth.
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired: needles and
mhuttles; reduced rates. 145 6th: phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck. 1M5 Mission, nr. 15th.
STORAGE! AND WAREHOUSES.
ESKLN8 Van and"itorare Co. 722 Mission " it;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
WILSON BROS., storage and moving; covered
vans. Tenth and Market: phone South ?E2.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore st. ; phone Jackson 281.
SLOT MACHINES.
BOUGHT and sold; new and second hand; large
display; very cheap. 927 Market, room >20.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TTPEWRITERS^wJ
cell better machines for less money than any
bouse in the city; rentals, W. The Typewriter
Exchange. Kt California; telephone Main 261
ALWAYS bargains In typewriters; any make.
Write tor prices to L. « U, AJ-EXAND&.U,
Xio Montgomery st.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ochltieteg
215-217 Sutter street, above Kearny.
There is nothing so new,
rich, choice and generally de-
sirable in Carpets but what
you'll find them here in our
exclusive stock.
And find them, too, in all
grades, shades and patterns,
reasonably priced.
We keep right up to the
newest and most popular
goods in
Linoleums. |
Curtains,
Mattings.
Carpets
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OAKLAND ItEAL ESTATE.
FAXB OF KEW n-VTS.
• &40fr-Rented now for >32 per month; elegant
niGtfera buUdlcx; lot 30x128 feet; street work all
Aone; stoas walks and nice open lawn; choice
residence location: a big bargain; owneraway.
GEO. VT. AUSTIN * CO..
1008 Broadway. Oakland.
A HOME IN FRUITVALE,
J20OO— Bri&r* tU p«r month rent: two 7-roomed
fcounes adjoining- on lot £0x150 feet; one-half
block from elsctrto cars; fine- place for home
1008 Broadway. Oakland.
FOR RENT. *». FOB BALE. J2S00.
Klrht la tht fceart pf town; sunnr modern
Eistlake cottage of t rooms, bath, bey window.
«tc; lot SSxlOO; house coet tSOOO to build; a big
•s-crlflce; Investigate at once; only a few blocks
Xrcm Broadway. ft - /
100S Broadway, Oakland.
COZT EAST OAKLAND HOME.
IlKD— E&eUake modern C-room cottar*; high,
bsjenient; lot «xl50» In rood condition except
needs painting; well rented now; cost $2750;
baafiy to local station: a^riflce^at tMyjrlc*.
100S Broadway, Oakland.
X HOME ON EAST PAYMENTS.
122S!>— Two-story house of • rooms, bath and
fc'gh basement; lot 80x100 feet; electric cars
right in front; handy to local station; 1200 caeh.
120 Der month; cost $3250; a big bargain.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
100S Broadway. Oakland.
I460O-CHTCKEN business, veritable garden;
J 10 000; an up-to-fiate houss of 10 rooms and
about W acres; t acres vines, family orchard;
tarn for S horses; eafe and profitable Invest-
ment; half cash, balance at low rate Inter-
est ; value of Improvements or gift of the
lanfi; c«*r Oakland; convenient to do busl-
«** la San Francisco. SLB. gUNCE^
Oakland.
liSW— MODERN cottage and good* lot: worth
to-flay £000; well located and a bargain;
Sit MIL Apply Quickly ALDEN CO.. lltf
Broadway. •
J850— LODGING-HOUSE. 84 rooms; rent $30.
water free; doing good paying business. AL-
PEX CO.. 1118 Broadway. Oakland.
EOCND BARGAINS.
Twenty houses and cottages for sals re-
CUlred by mortgage that I am authorised to
•ell; easy terme; some same as rent; send or
call for what you want.
Ranches for eales from hi to 60,000 acres.
Thlrtv-page catalogue of homes.
Good business chances of all kinds.
For all bargains pee E. E. BUNCE,
New office. 952 Broadway. Oakland.
Request oi>en on Sunday.
j WILL build a hou?e to suit you on a lot
60xl£0 feet, or 20x150 feet. In a good residence
part cf Oakland, on easy terms. Address
OWNERS, box S04t, Call office. Oakland.
OAKLAND LODGING-HOUSES.
AJf ELEGANT BARGAIN.
flK* BTTTS THE ENTIRE FURNITURE AND
GOOD WILL OF A VERY SELECT 10-
ROOM BOARDING AND ROOM-
ING HOUSE.
Only 4 blocks from City Hall and in a most
desirable locality; fully occupied; a splendid
paying proposition : must be eold immediately;
Investigate at once; call cr write.
A. A. BAWTER.
1006 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
1271-0— COMPLETELY furnished: new; 40 room?,
fully occupied: all steady; no transients now;
fine traneient location; very heart of Oakland:
modern building; tenants pay gas; clears tl4a
per mo.; full Investigation invited; owner go-
lr.g East. GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
1008 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
GOOD houses. Get list from GEO. W. AUS-
TIN" & CO.. 1008 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND FCRXITCHE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to yon from H. Schellhaas. the
furriture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
FRUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FROTVALE REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE BY H. A. PLEITNER.
J£5&— Cozy cottage of 4 room*; front and back
porch; barn, chicken-houses and workshop;
large lot; fine place for raising chickens; $100
earn, balance $7 21 per month.
11050— For sale In East Oakland, cottage of 5
rooms and bath; high basement; barn, chicken.
h.ouse*; street work and cement walks all com-
plete; large lot; 20-foot alley in rear; this is a
tercmlo.
SJ 075— Bay-window cottage of 5 rooms and
bfeth; 7-foot basement; good brick foundation,
etc.; barn; chlcken-hooae; lot £0x116; 1 block
Xrom electric cars; eaey terms If desired.-
$1100— Sacrifice ; modern cottage of b rooms
end bath, basement, eta; lot 60x148; 1 block
Ircm tlectric cars; must be sold; an opportunity
vtr.h Investigating; $100 cash, balance same as
rent.
1 15!»— Modern cottage of 4 rooms and bath;
ficnt porch; 7-foot basement ; pood well; fruit
trees; chicken-houses; lot 100x125; all fenced; 1
block from electric cars.
S 1700— Cottage of S roomi and bath, basement,
etc.; 3 eclcken-houses; 200 chickens; choice
fruit trees In bearing-; lot £Ox2S0.
$2259— New modern cottage of 5 rooms; porce-
lain bath: fine mantel- 7-foot basement; all
floored barn, etc: lot 100x175 feet; fine location.
For partlculaj-s apr»ljr to II. A- PLEITNER.
Frultrale Station. C&L
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE. '
S6S0— Nice new four-room house; lot 60xS0;
rood well on place: payment S! SO per mo.
$8S0 — House of C rooms; lot 60x150; chicken
houses and good well; this Is a bargain.
$1150— New modern house; ( rooms; large barn;
lot tOxttO; several fruit trees; terms to
cult.
ruoo — New 4- room cottage; porcelain bath; man-
tel; large lot; one block from station.
(1300 — Lovely 6-room cottage; bath; mantel; sta-
tionary wash tubs; U you want a coma In
Frultvale this is an opportunity.
If you are looking for a lot see Forest
Park, the bee.uty-ex>ot of Frultvale: 88
houses built In Forest Park since April
li 1*00.
THEHOJiB BTJILDTNQ CO.'B OFFICE*
Frultvale ave.. near station.
ROOMS FOR nOCSEKEEPIXC.
BARTLETT, 4M— Four larr« completely fur-
niched rooms on first floor; gas; bath; fine
house; large yard; t2S.
SARTL.ETT. «14 — S tuosr connecting and tmr-
nlshed housekeeping rooms.
BUSH. eSJ— S or I nlc«ly furnished rooms {or
housekeeping: gas; bath.
ytTLTON. 2WS. cor. Blxth iw.-Tir» desirable
laxpe suany unfurnished rooms for house-
Jteeplrx: McAllister. Geary and Sacramento
cars to the door; Sutro cars two blocks.
GEARY. 441— Larre room suitable for light
housekeeping; running* water; closet; S3.
GOLDEN GATE ave., C22— A large light fur-
nlEhed room; running water; gas stove.
HOWAER 106JH— Completely furnished: single
and es rulte; also one bay-window room; 110.
JUNIPER, *. eft Folsom. bet. 10th and 11th— 2
unfurnished rooms and bath for housekeeping;
run all day; rent $5.
LA It KIN. C19% — Large, tunny room; gas and
bath: privilege light housekeeping-.
MARKET, ICaS— J email rooms for housekeep-
ing, $7; also one singe, $4; nicely furnished;
ring bell on second floor.
MINNA. 28 — Nice canny famished basement
housekeeping rooms cneap.
MISSION. llCl—Thre* unfurnished housekeep-
lng rooms; ti.
OAK. SI — Front furnished housekeeping room;
coal stove: running water aad gas; folding-
bed; rent ft per month.
6OUTH PARK. 116-Two or three nicely fur-
clcbed housekeeping rooms reasonable; Others.
BTJNNT bedroom, kitchen; llerht tmeement;
yard; for housekeeping by single mechanic
Address box 165, Call office. V<" ¦
TEH A MA, 44 — Three hoosekeeplar rooms.
17 THREE eunny furnished rooms for bouse- '
keeping; closet, tit Dolores et. .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions bas been established at 10M
Valencia st.
ROOMS TO LET Pnrn. aid I'nfurn.
AHLBORN Hotel (new management), 321 Grant
eve.— Newly furnished, large sunny suites for
families; very reasonable rates; American
and European plans; best middle-class hotel
In city; lock at our rooms and prices and be
convinces. aiUNGEB * ZEBERO. Props.-
tEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
PROPOSED CHANGE OF HARBOR LINES,
SAN FRANCISCO BAY— A Board of United
States Engineers will hold a public hearing;
in the office of STATE HARBOR COMMIS-
SIONERS (Ferry building) at 10 a. m. Thurs-
day, November IB, 1800. to consider applica-
tion for an advance of the exlstlne harbor
line between Van Ness avenue and Folsom
Etreet in San Francisco Bay. Arguments for
or against a change are requested in writing.
S. M. MANSFIELD. Colonel Corps of En-
glneers. President of Board.
MARBIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
John F. Smith, 27, 507 Jones street, and Anita
J. Field, 28, 1211 Mission street.
N. Baptiste Laebouzlgues. 26, 723 Sanioms
street, and Julie Gaset, 22. 417 Bush street.
"William Crase, 30. 25 Grant avenue, and Ber-
tha Bishop, 34, 25 Grant avenue.
Eli B. Hall, 60, Skagea Springs, and Grace I*
Van Valkenburgh, 45, Petaluma,
Henry de Martini, 23, Crockett, and Lenora
Barbagelata, 19, 433A Broadwav.
John W. O'Neill. 27, 76SA Harrison street, and
Viola Robertson. 27, 177 South Park.
August J. Dlnklage, 33, New York City, and
Bessie M. K. Long, 1», city.
George E. Cornell. 31, 30 Birch avenue, and
Anna M. Huston, 26, 3S74 Seventeenth street.
Walter C. Hauser, 26, Dlnuba, Cal., and
Katharine Golsch, 30. S002 Twenty-second St.
Alme Carrette, 49, 236 Ritch street, and Ce-
line M. Durand, 47, 236 Ritch street.
Guiseppe Castrcs 27, 10 Vincent street, and
Marianr.a Bondi, 19, 17 Varennea street.
Joseph T. Zumwalt. 22, Williams, and Helen
C. Gay, 24, Colusa.
Lazzaro Lagomarsino, 67. Stockton, and Mary
Gatto, 42, city.
Pereira Rosa, 21, 43S Clementina street, and
Elizabeth B. Hunter. 20. 43S Clementina street.
BIRTHS— MARRIAQES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
EMERSON— In this city. November 8. 1900, to
the wife of R. W. Emerson, a son.
FOLEY-In this city, September 22, 1900, to ths
v/ife of Richard F. Foley, twin sons.
GOLDEN— In this city, November 4, 1900, to
the wife of Hugh M. Golden, a daughter.
HANNAY— In this city. November 6. 1900, to
the wife of John A. Hannay, a daughter.
JACOBcEN-In this city, October 25. 1900, to
the wit* of J. T. Jacobeen. a daughter.
MEDAU— In this city, October 31. 1900. to the
• wife of A. P. E. Medau. a daughter.
RITTER— In this city, November 7, 1900, to the
wife of Albert A. Rltter, a daughter.
TUCKER— In this city, November 7. 1900. to
the wife of William Tucker, a daughter.
MARRIED.
HALL— VAN VALKENBURG— In this city.
November 10. 1900, by the Rev. Dr. John A.
B. Wileon. Ell Bishop Hall of Skaggs Springs,
Sonoma County, and Grace L. Van Valken-
burg of Petaluma, Sonoma County.
LAGOMARSINO— GATTO— In this city. No-
vember 10. 1900. by Thomas F. Dunn. Justice
of the Peace, I^azzaro Lagomarsino of Stock-
ton and Mary Gatto of San Francisco.
LUTTRELL— RICKETSON— In Fresno, by the
Rev. Dr. Boyd, Dorsey P. Luttrell of Fresno
and Helen Rlcketson of San Francisco.
MAHONT— DONAHUE— In Santa Ynez, Octo-
ber 31, 1900, by the Rev. Father Sack. Frank
J. Mahony of San Francisco and Mary M.
Donahue of Santa Ynez.
PARKER— TUM SUDEN— In Oakland. Novem-
ber 9. 1900, by the Rev. J. H. Theiss, William
Boyd Parker of Vacaville and Bertha Louise
turn Suden.
ZUMWALT— GAY— In this city. November 10,
1900, by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson. Jo-
seph T. Zumwalt of Williams, Colusa County,
and Helen Cecil Gay of Colusa, Colusa
County.
DIED.
Anderson. Andrew Leary, John
Baumann, Louisa Lowry. Henry J.
Berenson. Julius McCoy. Albuitus L.
Buckley, John McNamara, Bryant
Cronln. Annie Mann, Joseph C.
Dlokson, Mrs. J. B. Merkle (Infant)
Ehrmann, Martin Mulvey. John
Ellis, Joseph V. O'Donnell, Festus
Frue. William B. O'Reilly. Elizabeth
Fuchs. Martin P. Pechner, Robert B.
Geary, Henry T. Purlnton, Adah O.
Granger, William J. Smith, Amanda V.
Haberlan. Mrs. John Smith, Mary A.
Hammar, Ellen Thompson. Daniel
Hooper, Querlta M. Volquards, Mrs. E.
Irwin. Samuel R. Wehrenberg. D. K.
ANDERSON— In this city. November 9, 1900.
Andrew Anderson, dearly beloved husband of
Genevle\'e Anderson, father of Emma A. An-
derson, and brother of Mrs. A. Erlandsen
and Mrs. B. I'amperln, a native of Denmark,
aged .'3 years 7 months and 9 days.
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited ' to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from Memorial Hall.
I. O. O. F. building. Interment Odd Fel-
lows' Cemetery.
BAUMANN— In this city, November 10, 1000,
Louisa, beloved wife of Charles Baumann,
mother of Mrs. P. Eisenmann, Joseph F. Edel-
mann, Mrs. M. Goodhue and Leonard C. Edel-
mann. and sister of George Braun, Mrs.
Charles Dechent and Mrs. Flereck of Port-
land. Or., a native of Frankfort. Germany,
aged 45 years 4 months and 18 days.
BERENSON— In this city, November 8. 19C0,
Julius Berenson, beloved husband of Hannah
Berenson, and father of Bessie Berenson, a
native of Russia, aged 26 years. (Boston,
Mass.. papers please copy.)
CyFrlends and acquaintances and members
ot the Chebra B'nal Israel are respectfully In-
vfted to attend the funeral this day (Sunday),
at 10 o'clock, from B'nai B'rith Hall. 121
Eddy street. Interment New Salem Cemetery.
by ll:S0 o'clock train from Third and Town-
send streets. Please omit flowers.
BUCKLEY— In this city. November 9, 1900, John
Buckley, a native of Macroom, County Cork,
Ireland, aged 67 years.
CT-Frlt-nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street. In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
CRONIN— In this city. November 10. 1900, An-
nie, beloved daughter of Michael and Annie
Cronln. a native of Bon Francisco, aged 2
years and 2 months.
DICKSON-In this city. November 10. 1900, Mrs.
J. B^ Dickson, beloved mother of G. W. and
Fred Dickson and Mrs.' E. M. Griffin, a na-
tive of Scotland, aged 77 years.
EHRMANN— In the City and County Hospital,
November 10, 1900, Martin Ehrmann, a native
of Germany, aged 72 years.
ELLIS— In this city, November 10, 1900, Joseph
V.. beloved husband of Margery Ellis, and
father of Mrs. Belle A. Ellis and Mrs. A. W.
Scott Jr., aged 61 years.
tC7"Remalns at the parlors of H. F. Suhr &
Co., 1137 Mission street, between Seventh and
Eighth. Notice of funeral hereafter.
FUCHS— In this city, November €. 1900. Martin
P. Fuch», beloved husband of Maria Fuchs.
father of Albert and LouIh Fuchs, brother of
Francolse Fuchs, and stepfather of Henri
Rogelet, a native of Alsace, France, aged 50
years 2 months and 11 days. A member of La
, Parfalte Union No. 17, F. and A- M.. and of
the French Society La Gaulolse.
CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. B. Godeau, 305 Montgomery avenue, thence
to Masonic Temple. Post street, at 1:30
o'clock, where services will be held under the
auspices of La Parfalte Union Lodge No. 17,
F. and A. M. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
FRUE— In San Jose, November 9, 1900, Wil-
liam B.. beloved husband of Maud B. Frue,
father of Robert B. Frue. and brother of
Mrs. George B. Stevens, Mrs. John W. Leg-
gett, Mrs. F. S. Ienam, Mrs. Richard L. Bux
and Charles F. Frue, a nativ« of Detroit,
Mich., aged 31 years 1 month and 23 days.
JL7"The funeral will take place this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 430 . North Second street. Interment
Oak Hill Cemetery. Ban Jose. '
GEARY— In this city, November 10. 1900, Henry
Thomas, beloved husband of Margaret H.
Geary, and dearly beloved father of Maggie
T. Geary, a native of Ireland, aged '70 years.
GRANGER— In Alameda, October 7, 1900, Wil-
liam J.. beloved son of Samuel and Mary
Granger, and brother of May and Edna Gran-
ger.
HABERLAN— A requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of the soul of the late
Mrs. John Haberlan at St. Joseph's Church,
West Berkeley, to-morrow (Monday), at 9
o'clock. Friends and relatives are respect-
fully Invited to attend.
HAMMAR— In this city, -November 8. 1900.
Ellen, beloved wife of Conne Hammar, mother
of David, May, Llta, Gertrude. Nellie an<!
John Hoffman, and sister of Frank McCar-
rick. a native of New York, aged 42 years.
jCTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this . day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from- her late resi-
dence, 735 Laurel avenue, off Buchanan street, •
between Eddy and Turk, thence to Holy Cross
Church, Eddy street, for services. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. .
HOOPER— In South San Francisco, November
10, 1900, Querlta Marjory Hooper, beloved
daughter of Harry and Helllo Hooper, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 11 days.
IRWIN— In this city. November 10. 1900, Samuel
R.. beloved husband of Lottie J. Irwln.- and
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO., •
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mst.
FTOEKAL DIRECTORS AND E21BALMERS.
20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO.
I UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
17 and 29 Fifth st. Tel. South 1ST.
rUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS. .
Finest Kqu' -lent at Moderate Rates.' '
RATTYROAP TRAVEL.
MOUNT TAM ALPAIS "IaILWAY
Leaves San Francisco, via Sansallto Forfr-
WEEK DAYS....»:l5 a. m,: 1M5 and 4'Mn^m
SUNDAYS S:00. 10^ .1:30 and I 1:15 £ S.*
Fara. Eaa Francisco to Summit and Return.
NJJW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN.
JXlcket olflcea, 631 Markrt St., Bauaallto Ttrrr\
BAJXBOAD TRAVEL.
MOVXnstMBT fAVtVtC rojIPlXT.
(rACirtC ST-r«M.)
Trains ¦••»• *•»•• •»¦¦«• ••"• *• »rrlt • *i
MAN rit.4IM!l*m. . '¦
(Uilii Une. Foot of Market Street)
UATl — F*OM NOTtMBBR 7, 1900. — -XKXT.
•?:00A Beniete, Huitun, Ehnlrs. YieaTiHe,
Ramsey and Sacramento *.il3r
?•«•- Shasta Express— DstIs. Williams (for
Bartlett Springs), Willows, Bad
Bluff, Portland *Tj43r
~ »0 * Martinez, San lUmoa, Vtllejo. Nipa,
UaliitogsandSAnu ICosa *fil!lr
40<UDa.Tis, Woodland. KnighU Landing.
M«jsri!le. <)rotill«. »7i43r
¦«?•» Atlantic Ki press— Ok<1<m» and East m »ftir
*•»*•* NDes. Llvermoro, Tracy. Lsthrop.
... Stockton TiWf
•¦•¦»« Bait Jose. Lirermore, 8 tack ton.
Ions, Maeraineuto. Placeniile,
.. ._ M»ns»IHe. Cbico. Ke.l IHnlr Mil»p
• _?'_•' Oakdal*. Chinese. Houora, Carters... »4:l5r
•Ui«o» H»f wards. Nilrs and Way Stations. *l I :!•"»»
•ViOttAU* Aageles Kxpreu — Martinez.
'Trier, Lsthrnp. ritockson, Merced
_ „_ .Frssuoaiid Lot AcgeJes •TilSp
*•«»•* Iall«jo. Martlues aim Way tttatlout •3a*r»r
•IU:o«» Tji, O»erUnd Limited— Os<3«n. Den-
»er. Omaha. Chicago •«s-»5*
•II-.9O* K\n, Stockton. Men-
'<>'.*. Fresno, Htufoid, VUalis,
...„ Intertills Msllp
¦lliOOA Ldf.nnore, Singer, Goshen Juno-
?;*__ „ "*«». Bakorsfleld. Los Angeles
fl:O«p Sact ul , ouU , IU.«r Ste»met» t»:O»*
•3i«or Haj»» r a,, ziu, » nd WaJ stations. «»i |a v
SiWMhIhb, Haii ltoaiuti, Vallejo,
N*l'«. l.'»lUtnKit, f,anta Itoga »l»»l»»
•4i*»rBe»ic!v Winters, fjacramsnt*
Wo.^i.nrt. KuUhta landing.
MarjwUli.. Oru»il!« •t«:ta«
MiMrHiywaJj. Mien aud Han .loee HM34
•SiOOr Mies, Lienaora sad Stockton • 10:45a
fSiOOr Bun* et Limited, El Pa«9. Sew
Orle*a < anj East «10i13a
•3:OOrThe Owl Umtted-Tracy. Fresno.
lUknrsn.!,!. Hangus for .Santa Bar-
bara, L.« Ansclcs *1O:I»4
•3«O«rNew Orleaoi Exprew-ISakersflohJ,
hantn linrliara. l.os Angeles, I'^'Ji-
Inc. El Paso. New Orleans aud
Kast *7> I"**
•«:OOr> Harwards. lilies aud San Jose *T»4^.«
tHiOOr Vallejo Ml:-***
¦liiOwr Oriental Mall— Oidaa. Cheyenne.
Omaha, Chh»go *2:I5?
•«iOOr Oriental Mail— Ogden. Denver
Omaha. Chlctgo >l:l5p -
•7lO«P Oregon and California ICn>reM.N*e-
ninentii. M .rjs.lllr. Ued.lhig,
1'ortl.iii.l. r*tig,t Nu>ii.tt anil Kask •«:*•¦»»
•liwSr Ssa Pablo, Port t'ost*. MarUnei
and Waj Mtatl. us •ll:4.1t
t»lO»r Val|y)o »1 It-ISA
COAST DITWIOS CUrronr <•*»«).
(Foot otU.net .Street.)
••ill* A Newark. OiitwulllrSau.lose.Fdton.
Boulder Creek, 8a. ,t» Cruz aud Way
Htatlons »eia»r
t'JtlSr Kewark Center Tillr .San .lose, New
AlmmJrD, Pelton, UmiM- I'mk,
8ant% Crni ami I'rladpsl W*f
Statlous flOi.VU
Mil.tr Newark. H»n Jose. Lc» Gatos •Si.iOt
all:43r Hunters' Excursion. San Joao and
Way Stations y7»aor
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
frt-SlX r«»»CISCO— r«»l »f Mark.-. Strut(S:u5) —
•7.18 9:00 I1:00a.M. |l:03 *2S3 tl.ZI
*I:C3 {3:03 *6:93r.M.
frimOHUKB— r*«l •rBr««l»ij.— "«;00 8C0 10:00*. a.
tl2:C3 »1:S3 t3:C3 »3:;3 ti:D3 '8:C3r.M.
CO.IST ItlTlSION (Uroail liHiifp).
(Third and Towmonl Sts.)
tOilttA Ocean Viow, Umith Man KrancUwi.. t*»^«*» >
•?iO»a Aau Jose ami War Station* (New
Almaileit Wo.JnM.Uj-s.inly). *lt3»r
•Vi*Oa 8»» Jose. T»e» IIiiiw. Maiit* Cms,
Factde llroie. 1'aso Kubles. Hau
1 .ill* Ohiapn. Hnrf. Irf>mpoc aud
1'rliiclj.al War Stations Miloy
• ln:4Ot San Jotn aud War Htatlous •<t.:O»
•I IiSWa Haa .lose an.l W«> MtaUnus *3:»Ur
t'Ji4l3r Sau Mateo. ICedwooii. Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. Santa Clara. Han Jose,
Tres Pinoa. Santa Cms, Sa:inas.
Mouierer ami l'.cillo IJr.it t<»: : "«^
t*:3»r San .lose aud Way Stations *7::t»r
|4:13r San Jos* ami Principal War Stations *!*: 13a
tStwOr San Jose, Los Gatos and Principal
War Stations t»:»»A
•3i3*p flan Jose ami Principal War Statious *!«:33a
•«:3»r San Jose aud War Stations t*:»»A
1 Qlll4ftr San Jose and Way Htatlons . »?;3ttp
A for MornliiK. P for Afternoon.
•Dailr- t Him day exerted. { duudaf oa!?.
g Mondsys, Wednesdars, Frldiji.
" « Tuesdaya, Tbursdajs, Sondajs.
I m etatoxdajr wait.
I CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY,
j TtBUROX TERRT— FOOT OF MARKET ST.
: Ban Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:8>. »:«>. ll:C0 a. m.; 12:35. S».
fino. 6:30 p. ra. Thursdays— Extra trip at 11:.".')
I p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50 and
: 11:30 r». m.
| BUNDAT6— 8:00. 3:30. 11:00 a. m.: 1:29. 1:33, 5:00.
6:20 p. m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DATS-»d0. 7:50. »:». U:10 a. m.: 12:«.
J:-W. 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:S5
and 1:25 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10. »:40. U:10 a. m.; 1:40. »:4». 5:06,
6:M p. m. _, _
Between San Francisco and Schuetxra Par*.
• same schedule a» -bove. |
Leave P In ESectf I >rrlve
Ban Francisco. | Nov. 7, l^*. 1 San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I 1 Sun- I Week
Days. I days. [ Destination. [ days. I Days.
T:SO am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 ami S:40 ara
t:30pm 3:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pmflO:*5 am
J:10 pm 5:W pm Santa Rosa. 7:3a pm| »:22 pra
Fulton.
1:30 am Windsor, 10:& am
Healdsburgr.
Lytton.
G^xservllle. I
1:30 pm 1:00 am Clovordale. I T:S pmj *:t2 pm
7:30 am! I Ifopland I I
I 1:00 am! and Uklah. | 7:33 prn; «:22 pra
j'Mim 10:25 a-»
1:00 am Guersertlle. 7:85 pm
1:30 pm t:H pni
T:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma I 1:15 am t:«0 am
i and )
1:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. [ 6:05 pm 1:23 pm
T:30am[ g.OOaml 110:40 am!10:25 ani
t.JO pml 5:00 pmi Sebastopol. I 7:35 pm| 6:12 pn»
Stsges connect at Santa Rosa for Mark We?;
Eprlnrs and Whits Su'.phar Springs; at Fulton
tor Altruria; at Lytton for Lytton Springs': at
Geyser villa for Ekases Spring's; at Cloverdal«
for the Geysers; at Hop land for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. K^lseyvllle. Carls.
bad Springs, Soda Bay, Laicport and Bert>(|
Springs; at Uxiah for Vichy Springs. Saratov
fprtngs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lait-% Wlttei
prings. Upp«r Lake. Pono, Potter Valley,
John Day's. Riverside^ Llerley's. Buckr.ell'j.
Canhedrtn Heights. Hulivilla. Orr"s Hot Springs.
Mer.docino City. Fort Bra*?. Westport. Usal.
Wlllets. Laytonvile, Cummlnjs, Bell's Springs,
Harris. Olsens. Dyer, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip .tickets at ra~
tfuced rates.
On Sundays, round-trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, (60 Market St.. Chronicle bulM»
tag It. X RYAN.
H. C WHITINO. Gen. Pass. Art. |
G«n. Manager. ,
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausotito Ferry.
Commencics September 30. 1900. V
FROM SAN FRANCISCX* TO MILL VALLEt
AND 8 AN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— «:53. "^lS. U:00 a. m.. "1:4S«
1:15. 4:C3. E:15. "6:15. (:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For MH1 Valley and Saa
KafaeL on Mondays. Wednesdays tad Sat-*
urdsys at »:C0 and 11:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— •8:C0. »10:00, »U:M a. ra.. 103.
1:1$. *4:4S. 1:30. 9:00 p. m.
Trains marked <*) run to Ban Quaatln.
FROM 8AJS RAFAEL to SAM VRANCI3CO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:25, 'siJO. 7:45, 9:» a. m..
•U_M_1:4S. •S:30. 4:30. 5:M p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at t:45 and 10:20 p. m.
BTJXDATS— «:». •8:00. 'IOiOO, *U:a a. m..
•1:40. 'IilS. 4:45. •«:»> p. m-
Trains _marked <•) start frorn San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:45. «:45, 7:53. J:SO a. m..
12:SS. 2:10. 3:30. 4:54. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday *
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 o. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:Q5. 10:03 a. m.. 12: US. 2:13, 3:30.
1:00. 1:45 pi m.
THROUOn TRAINS.
I:S5 a. m. -week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Tomalee and way »t»-
<¦ tlons.
8:C0 a. so. Bandays— Tor tales and way st*-
j tlon». '/ t "
5anta Fe
Trains— o a "y
Leave Markit-street Ferry Depet
iS- ft-5Z_^. «S P m V:!! p m l l!^ | S
"' Merced ....... t=« P m 1:1S » a
'\ « Fr^rto ........ «:Wpm |:C3 a ra
' - Visalia «:00pm « :^ a S
•• Tulare ..... «:I2 P m 8:10 a ra
•* Hanford 6:33 pm 7:06 ara
•• Bakersfleld ... *:5O p m 1:30 a n»
1 •• Denver 10:00 a m — — -
*• Kansas aty... 8:15 p in
• w Chicago 7:40 a m
¦ a. ra train Is the Overland Kxpresa. Corra-
¦Dondlns: train arrives at < p. m. dally.
419 P. m. la Stockton Local. Corresponding
' train arrives 11:05 a. m. daily.
1:00 p. m. is Fresno and Uakerafiald Express,
with Sleeping Cars for both cities. CorTespcnd-
tea; trmln arrlvrs at 8 a. m. daily.
OFFICES— «41 Market st. and In Ferry Depot.
~«ti Francisco: 1118 Broadwav. Oaklnmi.
; WBBHFCI $1.JP BWYBIl!
father of Clifford E., Fred D.. Clyde W.,
¦ Chester and Raymond Irwin. a native of
Plttsburg, Pa., aged 62 years and 9 months.
t S2 r Jfl' :nd > °f-. papers please copy.)
icrFriends and' acquaintances and membert
of Fairmount Lodge No. 108. K. of P.. ar»
respectfully invited to attend the funeral
to-morrow (Monday), at 2 o'clock, from hla
• \£ ?, rest «Jence. 45 Hill street, thence to Odd
*euows Cemetery for cremation.
LEARY— In this city, November 10, 1900. John
beloved son of Denis and Elizabeth Leary, a
native of San Francisco, aged 10 months and
T • DrN ' otlce ot funeral hereafter.
LOWRY-in this city, November 9, 1900, Henry
J. Lowry, a native of Texas, aged 68 years.
McCOY— In this city. November 10, 1900. Albur-
tus Leland, beloved son of Alburtus and Har-
riet _ Lemyra McCoy, a native -of California,
aE £i T V, month s and 14 days.
, CT* riends and .acquaintances are respect-
™»ly invited to attend the funeral this day
(ounday), at 3 o'clock, from the residence of
? P ar , en ts. 158 Ninth street. Interment Lau-
rel Hill Cemetery.
McNAMARA— In this city. November 10, 1900,
Bryarft B., beloved husband of Catherine Mc-
Namara, and father of John and Annie Mc-
i" a ,-?' Mrs - M. Kohoe and the late James
ana tllen McNamara, a native of County
Ko " co " 1 J nc '». Ireland, aged 67 years.
U_^ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
5 u '!y 'nvited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
2.t nce \_ 4OA Erie street, thence to St. Charles
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing: at 9 o'clock. Interment San Mateo
County, by 10:40 o'clock train from Third and
Townsend streets. Please omit flowers.
MANN*— In Ocean View. November 10. 1900. Jo-
Feph Clarence, youngest eO n of Joseph and
jKrlne Mann, a native of San Francisco, aged
23 days.
MERKLE-In the City and County Hospital,
November 10, 1900, infant daughter of Ella
Merkle. a native of California, aged 11 days.
MULVEY— In the City and County Hospital,
November 10. 1900. John Mulvey. a native of
Ireland, aged 60 years.
O # DONNELLr-In Uklah, November 9. 1900, Fes-
tus O Donnell. beloved husband of the late
Mary O'Donnell. and uncle of Mrs. Mary
Connolly, a native of County Galway, Ire-
land, aped SO years and 2 months.
ICT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. S. Godeau, 305 Montgomery avenue,
thence to St. Brigid's Church, where services
will be held. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
O'REILLY— In this city, November 10. 1900,
Elizabeth O'Reilly, beloved mother of Mrs.
C. Connell, Mrs. M. Lane and the late Thomas
CRellly, and grandmother of Daniel E. and
Polly Bourke, Joseph C. Connell. Thomas,
Tessle. Francis and Nellie O'Reilly. Mrs. W.
Gannon and Mrs. E. Goodfellow, a native of
Rathclare, parish of Buttcrant, County Cork,
Ireland, ared 102 years.
ICTNotlce of funeral hereafter.
PECHNER— In El Verano. November 7, 1900,
Robert B. Pechner of San Francisco, dearly
beloved huvband of Carrie Pechner. devoted
father of Mrs. L. H. Levy of Fresno. Cal..
and Henry, Hyman, Celia. Annie and Jenny
Pechner, and brother of Marclus Pechner of
Portland, Or., a native of Krotozener, aged
60 years and 9 months. Member of Magnolia
IXMlge. A. O. U. W.; Court Bonita, F. of A.;
Columbia, I. O. B. B. '
(C7"Frlen<ls and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from 2329 Post street,
thence to Southern Pacific depot. Third and
Townsend streets. Please omit flowers.
PintlNTOK- In this city. November 9. 1900.
Adah Osgood. youngest daughter of Henry O.
and Anna P.- Purinton, a native of Sacra-
mento. Cal., aged 18 years.
SMITH— In Oakland. November 9, 1900. ot 621
Eighteenth street. Amanda Virginia, wife of
H. M. Smith, and mother of Elmer C. Smith
of Vallejo. a native of Kentucky, aged 6S
years 11 months and 2 days.
SMITH— In this city. November 10. 1900. Mary
A., beloved wife of the late John M. Smith,
mother of John W. and Mathias Smith and
the late George Smith, and sister of John J.-
Jordan, a native of England, aged 50 years.
ICTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), nt S:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 107 Gilbert street, thence to St. Rose's
Church, where a requlpm hlph mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
THOMPSON— In the City and County Hospital,
November 10, Daniel Thompson, a na-
tive of England, aged 65 years.
VOLQUARDS— In Pasadena. November 9. ISO,
Mrs. Emily Volquards. beloved wife of Ernest
Volquarda. daughter of Mrs. W. J. Quedens,
and sister of Walter, Edward and Richard
Quedens and Mrs. James W. Clark, a native
of San Francisco, aged 29 years 6 months and
15 dars.
WEHRENBERG— In this city, November 9.
1&00, Dlederich E. Wehrenberg, a native of
Germany, aeed 72 years.
(CNotlce of funeral hereafter. Remains at
the funeral parlors of H. F. Maass. 917 Mis-
sion street, near Fifth.packages. Market was quiet, but held 5c and
10c higher on the strength In wheat. Winter
patents, $3 70S*: winter straits, $3 WQ 3 60;
Minnesota patents, $4®i 35: winter extras, $2 65
63; Minnesota bakers', $3(&3 40; winter low
grade*. $2 43@2 60. <-• -.
WHB AT— Receipts, 31,450 bushels; exports,
136,'JS5 bushels; sales, 1,250,000 bushels futures;
64,000 bushels spot; spot, firm. No. 2 red, 80*40
f. o. b, afloat; No. 2 red, "8Vio elevator. Op
tions were firm and higher this mornlne on
strength abroad, local covering, prospects of.
lessening receipts and a sharp tin in corn,
closed firm at %<3 ',4c net advance. Bales In
cluded No. 2 red, March, 82%@S3c, closed S3c:
May. 62%(382 ll-16c, closed S^ftc; November
NEW YORK, Nov. lO.-FLOUR-Recelpts,
21,465 barrels; exports. 12,170 barrels; sales. 6200
Neiv York Grain and Produce.
On the Bond exchange Oceanic Steamship
advanced again to $JS 25, while Giant Powder
declined to $S3 37*4. There were no other
changes.
The oil stocks stood about the sam».
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAT. Nov. 10-12 m.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
UN1TKD STATES BO.N'DS.
Bid. Ask. I . . Bid. Ask.
<s quar coup.. 116 1164] Is do cp (new)i3'5»4i37^
Is do reg 116 HS'AiSa do coup no 111
Bay Co P Co.-103til05
Cal-st Cab 5s..lls* t —
C C Water 5s.. 107% —
Ed L & P 68..130H —
V & Cl Ry 68.. - -
Geary-st R 6s. — —
H C &. S 5H». — —
Do 5s 100'j —
L A R 5s 107 —
L A Lt Co 6s. - 103
Do gntd 6s... — —
L A gntd 5s. — 101%
L A P R R 5s. — 10214
Market-st 6i>..128*i —
Do 1st M 5a.. 113 —
N C N G K 73.110 114
N R of Cal 6s. 113 —
Do 5s IIS —
N P C R.R Ss.lOl —
Do 6a 107*4 —
N Cal Ry 6s. 111-54 —
Oak G L & 11.110 —
Oak Tran Cs-.m^UIVi
Oak Water 3s.lO4H —
Oceanic S3 6».110V —
Om C Ry 69..12S —
Pac G Imp 4s.iw i—
P & Cl Ry es.103 —
P4ORR 6S.1134 —
Powell-st R «s. — —
Sac E OAR 6s 99*.il00
S K & SJV Ss.llSV* —
S R Of Cal 6S. — 113
S P of A 6s... .113 —
S P.ofC6»tl905
(Series A).... 109 110*4
Uo (Series U)lu<iS —
Do (1906) 111U —
Do (1912) ....119 —
S P R 1st g 5s.ll)5 108
S P R 6s 130 -
S V Water «s..113%1U«
Do 4s 103*tlo3
Do 3d mtge.. — 103
Ptktn Gas 6s.. — 103
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 70*i 70»i Spring Valley. 93»1 9411
Marin County. 61H —
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Flrem's Fund.226 — /
Cent L & P Co 4 4«i'Pac L Co — 45
Equit C L Co. SH J*, Stc El O&HCo 3$ 40
Mutual El Co. — 10 S F O & E.... 51*i J"U
O G L & II.... 50 — San Francisco. 4^ 5
I'ac Gas Imp.. 52 £2 t ,i Stkn G & E Co — ' 11
BANK STOCKS.
Anglo-Cal Ltd. O Flrnt Xatlonl.23« Jno
Bank of Cal — 410 Lon P & A....138H
Cal S & D T..105 105U Merchants* Ex 1« 18
SAVINGS BANK3
Ger "S & L.... — 1900 Sav & L 'So.. — tl
Hum S A L. ¦*- — Sec Sav Bk.. — —
Mut Sav Bk (0 — Union T Co... — —
8 F Sav U ftlS —
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California .....124 — O S L £ H.... M —
Oeary-st — — Presidio 17 22
Market-st 67?; 6S
'.POWDER STOCKS.
California — 180 ..Vlgorit PA X?i
Giant Con Co.. - — i . w
SUGAR STOCKS.
liana S P Ctt. V,i . 7H Kilauea S Co.. 2<M£ —
Haw C & S Co 85 — Makawelt S Co 4l£ 4M4
Honok.m. S Co. 30"i — Onomea B Co. 29
Hutch S P Co. 23»i 25*4 Paauhau S Co. 21 —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Al Pack Aaan.l)4*4123*4 Pac A F A... 2« -_
Cal Fruit Aitn.Ka',, — Pac C Bor Co. — 153
Mer Ex A(«sn. »J inn p ar p a i nt COi _
Oceanic S Co.. 9S*; 9S*4 "
. Mornlns Session.
Board—
10 California Fruit Canners* 104 00
110 Contra Costa Water 70 e«)
25 Contra Costa Water 70 25
, 10 Giant Powder Co « S3 37';
3.") Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar... 85 00
33.1 Oakland Gas M CO
120 Oceanic Steamship Co $8 *5
Street—
15 Contra Costa Water J.. 89 57*4
$l,C0O Market-st Ry Con 6s bonds 1*9 00
$5,000 Oceanic S 8 bonds Ill 00
$18,000 S P of A bonds U3 23
LONDON, Nor. 10.— Consols. 88T4; silver,
23%<J; French rentes, lOOf 47<£c; cargoes on pas
fage quiet, but steady; cargoes No. 1 standard
California, 80s 3d; English country markets,
quiet. ¦-:
LIVERPOOL, Nov. la— Wheat, firm; No. 1
Foreign Markets.
PORTLAND, Nov. 10.— Local wheat dealers
have advanced their limits to 55c for Walla
Walla. .
Cleared— Ship Deccan, for. Queenstawn, with
119,433 bushels of wheat.
WASHINGTON,
TACOMA, Nov. 10.— WHEAT— Quiet and un
changed; Blue Stem. 57c; Club, C4c. ;
OREGON.
Northern Wheat- Market.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Nov. 10.— Clearings, $213,170; bal
ances, $27,551.
NEW TORK, Nov. 10.— The cotton market
was dull but steady to-day, closing 2@3 points
lower.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Nov. 10.— Exports of gold and
sliver from, this port to all countries for this
week aggregate f 1,831,830 In silver bars and cola
and $10,000,000 In gold.
The imports of specie were $2,837,880 gold and
$H«1.851 silver. .
The Imports of dry goods and merchandise
wtre valued at $11,129,376.
Exports of Specie.
SHEEP— Receipts, 20,000; sheep and lambs,
steady; good to choice wether6, Tljj4 SO; fair
to choice mixed, t3 W&* 10; Western sheep, |4Q)
4 35; Texas sheep. ?2 5O5j"3 <»; native lambs.
$4 6O©6 40; Western lambs, $5@5 40.
CHICAGO, Nov. 10.— CATTLE— Receipts, 400;
romlnally Heady; good to prime steers, $3 £0®
6; poor to medium, $4 B0*5'r> 40; selected feeders,
S3 75tfjr4 35; mixed stockers. J2 40^3 73; cowa,
12 70@4 S3; helfero, 12 80*52 85; canners, »1 25ti>
2 60; bulls. *2 65Q2 SO; calves, $4{i6; Texas feu
•teers, |4@4 95; grass steers, 13 3501 15; bulls,
12 COffi 3 23.
HOOS— Receipts to-day, 18,000; Monday. 25,
0OO. estimated; left over, 2wXi; fully 6c higher
and active; mixed and butchers, $4 65J}5; good
to choice heavy, *4 75® 5; rough heavy, u 60if
4 70; light. »4 CCljr4 97%; bulk of eales, %\ 80-ff
4 92»i.
Chicago Livestock Market.
NEW YORK, Nov. 9.— The Earl 'Fruit Com
pany eold California fruit at auctlftn to-day
and realized the following ! prices: Grapes-
Red Emperors, single crates, 86c®tl GO. aver
age $1 89: Clusters, single crates, 12 10©3 75,
average 13 46; Emperors, single crates, $1 05$
1 BO. average II 24; Persimmons, boxes, aver
age $1 51. Wet. unfavorable weather. Four
cars sold to-day.
CHICAGO. Nov. 9.— The Earl Fruit Company
realized the following prices for California
frutt at auction to-day: Grapes— Verdelle. sin
gle craten, 75c©!l 83, average $1 «4. Cornlchons,
single crates. 6ocf< $1 45, average 99c. Pears—
W. Nells, boxer, fl 05*91 75, average $1 41. One
car sold to-day. Weather cold.
BOSTON, Nov. 9.— The Earl Fruit Company
auctioned California fruit to-day and realized
the- following prices: Grapes— Cornlchons, sin
gle crates, fl 40'g'l 75. average $1 64; Tokays,
single crates. r,Sc1i$l 74. average |1 26; Tokays,
double crates, fl 1CK£2 25, average tl 90. Wet,
unfavorable weather. Ona car sold to-day.
Wheat— Dec. Feb. Mar.
Opening 6 ?4 6 2%
Closing 8 %• — 6 214
PARIS.
Wheat— Nov. Mar. -June.
Opening 19 80 21 35
Closing 19 SO 2145
Flour-
Opening 25 45 27 EO
Closing 25 SO 27 65
LIVERPOOL.
EAN FRANCISCO. Nov. 10—6 p. m.
The fo:iow:cg are the seasonal rainfalls to
Aate. as compared with those of the same date
last Meson, and ra&falla In the last twenty
four boura:
C20th Mertfllan-Paclflo Time.)
Weather Report.
"New Naples walnuts are In active demand,
and RaJes U good quar.UUes of mixed nuts are
reported."
•"Trads last week was far frora satisfactory
as a whe'e, though there was a fair degre* of
activity In epota, A feature at the end of the
week was the strength of evaporated apples,
both on epot and oa goods to arrive. This is
due almost entirely to the ureaslness of certain
ehorts. Prime- apples on epot were etrong Sat
urday at 4'.'i Sc, with November Etrong at 494
'•Outslfle prune* are- selling to arrive only
moderately well £t the cut price*. On rpot
Jobbing demand for prunes is light. New S0-40s
Oregon Italians have arrived and ar« roing
out in a fair war *t 7c for bags. 7Vio for £0-1 b
boxes and TVtc for t5-lb boxes. Kortys. In tran
«lt. an> offered In bags at fJVic and E0-60s at
4\c. New Yelencla layer raisins are In Boree
Aemar.d at 10'ic and there 1» quit* a good in
quiry for new California seeded raisins. Some
Interest !s taken in currants, and cleaned are
jrolr-g out fairly -well.
Mail afivioes from New York car:
Dried Fruit in New York.
Total ~- U
The rtfi-tcmeat cf cash In the TTnlte'l States
treasury for November 1 Is aa follows:
ITeserve Fteia —
Gold coin and bars |1S&,000,000 00
Trust Fund-
Gold coin _. 24 ( '.4R8.C73 00
611ver dollars _. 42S.124.000 00
Filver dollars cf 3SDO ...._......_ 3.7CS.1IS 00
Silver bars of l?P0 61,864.872 00
I'r.lted States note* .„ 1,790,000 00
Genpral Fund—
Go!d coin and bars ¦¦..¦..¦¦¦' CS.777.464 E7
Gold oertlflcates 35.TO2.710 00
Gold <-• -..:.• .^t-»s _ S, 743, 255 00
PUver ccTtlScateS] t-i ¦¦r". m.. ...¦., 1,477,€J>J 00
Cllver bullion 1.61«,i4« 71
United States not"s ll,C9a,S3I 00
Treasury nctea of 1S30 _..._ 84.540 00
Currency cfrtlflcates .............. 10.000 00
National bor.k notes „... 6.31S.3W) 28
I"rartlonal rilver coin 6,641,037 77
rracticr-ai currency CO S4
Minor coin „ 4J2.S22 R4
Miscellaneous _^ 87,617 19
National Bank repositories—
Credit Treasurer TS. S —_. ES.81S.455 E3
Credit D. S. rwsb. OrScerB...^.... «.«9,e58 M
The National Cashbox.
NOVEMBER. 1300.
CALL. CALE>*T>An.
NEW TORK. Nov. 10.— To-day's etock mar
ket was not materially changed In character
from that prevailing since Wednesday mom
tn&, except that an opportunity was given to
test it when the bank statement made Its ap
pearance. Considering the kind of buying that
has be«n solng on during th« latter part of
the week and the extent and reasons for some
of the advances made th« market comes
vm Ugl l.M? e test fairly weU - The monetary
cMH which struck the market when the state
ment first appeared teemed to pa*s. but a
ii^ r waa oa the market and fluctuations were
wild and unsettled under the conflicting in
fluence* of vigorous pressure by the bears and
eager support by the powerful bull cliques or
frantic unloading by weak speculative holder*
a w _ ne "' OUB covering for a quick turn by
shorts. Th« earlier market showed very mixed
conditions, but the easer demand for stocks
overrode all other Influences and prevented
much effect on prices from the realizing, which
wae on a heavy scale. Paciflc Mall jumped
nearly 10 points by half-point Intervals on the
announcement of the entry of Union Pacirio
interests into the directory and Union Taclfic
was also notably affected. The steel stocks
showed wide and excited fluctuations on a
; continuance of the heavy speculation in those
; securities. American Hoop, Tin Plate and
I lennessee Coal were most conspicuous and
I were marked up 3 points or over. When the
j market relapsed these stocks and other prom
inent Industrials and specialties were mest af
fected, losing In some cases between two anU
three points, partly recovering before the ciose
The eneculatlve world is so accustomed to
paradoxc* that it was taken Eomewhat by sui
priee to-day by the logical rise of the prlcej
of stocks which followed the ejection. The
whol» of to« speculative life In Wall strett
consists of efforts to anticipate future events
and condition*. Thus a conviction that a larpe
demand Is imminent for 6tocks prompts large
buying and when the event takes place which
has been looked for to caus» the demand pro
fessional speculators anther sellers, not only
,1 l 4 lelr holdings, but of short contracts as
well. It is almost Invariably the case that
events are over-dissounted. Hence the prev
alence of the paradox In Wall street: Buy In
a weak market and Bell on good news are
standard maxims there. It Is rarely tne case
that Wall street rails to BUfnciently discount
an event or a condition, especially a condition
that has b*en bo confidently expected as th«
large public demand for stocks which was to
spring up after election, but that Is Just what
happened this week. Wednesday's market
quickly showed the effect of the enormous sell
ing to reailM by the powerful operators who
had been accumulating long stocks for several
weeks in anticipation of the after-election de
mand. Tha concentration of stocks In »tron»r
hands, coupled with the frantic eagerness to
buy, made it posslbl* to establish an Impos
ing advance In prices at the outset. Not only
were holders of long stock Induced to realize,
but bear operators almost Immediately began
to put out ehort llnea, confident that the golden
moment of tho culmination of a rl«s had ar
rived. But the torrent of the general deman.l
ewept up all offerings In the market and con
tinued of sufficient force to afford a medium
for continued operations for an advance during
the week, stimulated by all the arts of manipu
lation known to the professional speakers.
The present health of the market aa a result
of the week's movements can only be deter
mined when something more becomes known
of the character of the buying. There ha«
been large Investment baying as a matter of
course, coming from Interests acting on posi
tive and accurate) knowledge of the property
whose ehares they sought to possess and whj
had held off from buying from a desire to «eo
the issues of the election first positively de
termined.
The larg-s demand for railway bonds afford
a better Index of the, substantial character of
the buying than that for stocks.
United States new 4i advanced i%, the re
funding Is, when issued, and old 4s % and the
2s and 6s V4 P*r cent over the ruling call price
of a week ago.
NEW TORK STOCK LIST.
E c a ,7 f e t ' Closing
Sold. Stocks— nid
23.420 Atchison. 4
1.760 Atchison prefd 77*4
19,856 Baltimore & Ohio 791!
Canadian Paciflc ../88V4
2.000 Canada Southern ..: 67V4
.7.S70 Chesapeake & Ohio 82%
200 Chicago Great Western 13%
9.C50 Chicago Burlington & Qulncy 133H
200 Chicago Ind & Louisville 24*4
4 r O Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd 51\
CX> Chicago & Eastern Illinois.. S3
200 Chicago & Northwestern 16«'4
4.200 Chicago Uock Island & Paciflc 113»i
400 C C C & St Louis 65
1.2M Colorado Southern 6<.i
400 Colorado Southern lat prefd 40'i
Colorado Southern Zd prefd 16'4
800 Delaware & Hudson \\f>il
SOQ Delaware Lack & Western 178
2.C'*) Uenver & Rio Orande 21%
6.000 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 73«i
1.600 Krie 13 .
8.CC0 Erie 1st prefd 3774
1.400. Great Northern prefd !i67^
2,000 Hocking Coal Jg
1.2"0 Hocking Valley -. 391/
2.«0 IJlinols Central £Il£2
500 Iowa Central istj
. 200 Iowa Central prefd u"
£40 Lake Krie & Western 3514
Lake Krie & Western prefd 166'
....... lake fc-hore 210'i
4,000 Louisville & Nashville.. ...'.7.7.7.7.7' 79it
e.'.'O Manhattan L 107
4.C50 Metropolitan Street Railway.. ...W.'iicm
1.100 Mexican Central uiZ
3.S00 Minneapolis & St Louis 63
in'iw *J} nnea P°Il« & St Louis prefd 10«
J0.62O Missouri Paciflc mu
Mobile & Ohio '.'.'.'."" 41
1.400 Missouri Kansas & Texas \\u.
8 , 6 'W> Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 33
1.429 New Jersey Central . latU
S.sno New York Central .....:... '.'.'.'.'n'-H
20.400 Norfolk & Western "fjij
*W S orfolk & Western prefd '. 78
H.870 Northern Pacific e?U
l.«S0 Northern Paciflc prefd.. . 731!!
4.600 Ontario & Western " 24(4
Oregon Railway Sc Nav.. •---•• /»
"•AV^; O ,""* on Railway & Nav prefd!!'.'.;;;; 76
JC.COO Pennsylvania i«V
4,230 Reading jga?
2t;.OOO Reading 1st prefd .'.7.7.7.7." C1H
S.SOO Reading 2d prefd 30?
RJo Grande Western to
"Ti^ R'o Grande Western prefd '.'..'. 00
1,000 St Louis & Ban Fran 13
":\^X Bt ul8 * pan Pran ls * prefd.''.'.'.'! 69
1.000 8t Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 39
l.ttX) 8t Louis Southwestern .. * jjii'
?-r^ Rt id" Southw -«t-"> prefd.'::;:;:: K %
* ¦ * ¦"•¦J •> t X all I .............. 1 ° 1 7 '
360 St Taui prefd '.'.'. W,CL
100 St Paul At Omaha m
C8.S50 Southern Paciflc ""' 4,1/
2.200 Southern Railway ..- '"V JiJ?
8.060 Southern Railway prefd 60%
3.300 Texas & Pacific 19
36,327 Union Pacific ecv
1 2,010 Union Paciflc prefd "*'" ;su
Wabash ".*."."- 8
2,600 Wabash prefd ""— 21*4
1.000 Wheeling & Lake Erie. "" io2
6,600 Wheeling & Lake Erie prefd.. '.'.'.'.'.'. 28
Wisconsin Central 14
Third Avenue , ...HZ
express Companies—
New York Stock Market.
"Ah. my young friend." said the Presi
dent, "that rule doesn't always hold s^nd.
for a fisherman don't consider it good luck
when he can't pet a bite."
XV. B. Wilson, nne* of the ofUcTS of the
Pennsylvania 1'ailroafl. was in close con
tact with President Lincoln during a rart
of the civil war. and in a little volume
which he printed privately he tells many
illuminating: anecdotes of the Rreat and
humorous statesman, relates the Phila
delphia Record. Sir. AVilson wns In charge
of a war telocraph office, and tho Presi
dent often dropped in on him for the
latest bulletins. One day In September.
1S61, the President called In this manner,
in company with Secretary Seward, and
said:
"Good morninff. What news?*
Mr. Wilson answered: "Good news, be
cause rone."
A Short Lincoln Story.
Coinage of the Mints.
Trj* coinage cf tive United States itlnta for
the current calendar year to date !s as fol
lows:
Double eagles $^.330, UO 00
Eagles 3.749.1R0 00 '
HsJf ea*r!es — 7.343.SS5 00 j
Quarter eajrlen 67. M0 0^
ftaTi-Iara d 'liars 10.600,612 00 !
Half do'lar* 4.1Sl.4f7 09 I
QuErter dollars „... 3.3'W.799 T3 1
Dimes _ 2.13UBSS20
Ni'-krls - „ 1.021.859 75
Ccm* ., 47T.S29 61
Total „ $113,295,700 ?4
In IS'Ji 120.020,237 €8
Goz-ernment Income and Outgo.
Tct the Crst four rncaths of the fiscal year
Government receipts compare as follows:
1S39. ' 1900.
Customs J7C.44IU19 $51,440,221
Ir.terral reve"iui 103,379.059 104.234.00i
ilisccllaneous 12.074.1S7 10.900,081
Total ?13C,OOO,1C3 J196.E74.310
The disbursements for the rama interval com
pare as follcwi:
1S?9. 1900.
Civil 1 J3S.235.523 $43,511,270
War 57.31K.Z19 63.S2S.9SS !
Nivy „ l?.D:i,156 19.K6.J14 |
Indians 3.214,426 3,793 776
IVr.Mor.s 4T.7CK.1S0 47.20S.365 '
[merest..... it,7S3.;39 13.206.5CO
Total JlS3.Sil.U3 flSl. €10.673
The Circulation.
Arcnrt'.ng to a treasury s'Mtement the money
Sn nfi Miliillii in th# L'alted Etates on Xov>nn
t«T 1 was. tja follow e :
OoM coin „. JCl.76l.5e3
Silver dollars W.479.463
Email t-ilver - El.CSS 1S7 I
Gold certif.cate* „„. ri5.i.S6 S69
Silver eertiflca.te» _ . 4il.3vo'74S
Tr'-asury rotes 65.47S'.4«5
Cnlted Btates notes C33.25J.0Cl
<!urrer.cy certificate* liTSoioQO
Nationid bank cotes S25.S75.2oS
Tctal „ __ J2. 138. 151.412
In 1SC3 ~ 1.563,718,148
, » 175,4C5,26i
There was a net Increase of about J26.O00.O00
In the month of October, the- most notable gain
being la the following three descriptions "of
raorey:
United State* notes $8,788,747
Gold certifleates , 6,485.630
National back notes 6.03S.62S
Total gala , — ..$21,313,003
BaseC on an estimated population of 76.89LOO0
the per capita of circulation Is $27.82. the high
est jet rei>orte4.
Gore.rsmer.t coin certifleates lr. circulation
October 21 were as follows:
" ,'. U99. 1900.
*5olfl „ H27.5M.61J $215,«95.«e9
Eilver r:'!.P76.!!39 4I1.3S0.:45
Treasury i«.?S3.S94 65.47S.460
Totals $01,463.0 $T02.45C.i:4
Changes in October show an increase of $54.
<S5.€2a la gold and H.1S.M0 in silver certin
catM,
Coin Certificates
Local bask clearings last week wr* Jl«,190,
£TP, a«a.!n*t tn.T^.^S for the fame week last
year. The election last week cut Off a day,
¦which probably accounts for the less.
Bank Clearings.
Ban Francisco and vicinity— Fair Sunday
with fog In the morning, with Increasing
cloudiness at night; light northerly changing
to westerly winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
Arizona— Fair Sunday.
Northern California— Fair Sunday, with In
creasing cloudiness at nisht; continued warm
weather In the Interior with fresh northerly
winds; fog en the coast, with fresh easterly
winds.
Southern California— Fair Sunday; light north
erly winds, changinp to westerly.
Nevada — Fair Sunday.
Utah— Fair Sunday.
Rocky Mountains during the past twenty-four
hours.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours endlrx midnight November 11:
Chicago Grain Market.
'• ; FRUITS— Prunes. Santa Claras. 4 sizes. 'Sc;
40-EOs, 7c; 60-60s. 6Kc; €0-70b. 3%c; 70-SOs. 3<4c;
10-908, ' 2\c; 90-lOOs, ; VAc; 100s and over, 2c; ru
bles, hie premium; Sonomas, He and San Joa
qulna *4c lesa than Santa Claras, except 100a
The market continues .flat and. dull.
APPLES— 25G5Oc per box for common and
CafiU for eood to choice; Spltzenbergs. 6O'jf$l;
Oregon Spitzenbergs, Jl 25®l CO.
PEARS— Winter Nells, 60c©$l; Cooking Pears,
2j'S 50c per box.
PERSIMMONS— 3C@50c per box.
CRANBERRIES— Cape Cod. $10 per barrel;
Coos Bay. $2 23CffZ 50 per box.
STRAWBERRIES— $3®5 p/.V chest for large
anil $79710 for email berries.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 3@3c per lb. .
§ RASPBERRIES— $5ig6 per chest.
POMEGRANATES— 73c@$3. according to size
of box.
PLUMS— Are hardly worth quoting any
longer.
GRAPES— 40SC5c per smalV box and "jcigjl
per crate. "
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, $2®3 50:
Seedlings. $1@2: Lemons. 25c@Jl 25 for common
and $1 B0@2 £0 for good to choice; Grape Fruit,
$2(ff3: Mexican Limes, $431 SO; California Limes,
25©33c; Bananas, $1 75®2 GO per bunch; Pine
apples, $2tg3 50 per dozen. ' .
Dried Fruits, Nuts; and Raisins.
Stocks of Oranges are steadily Increasing and
some dealers have more than they know what
to do with, arid prices are accordingly weak.
There Is no change In Lemons and Limes.
The continued v.-arm weather of the past
two months has colored up the Apples stored
In various parts of tho country, and they will
have to be shipped In a month or so ahead of
time. Prices are no lower, however.
Quinces are about gone.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS-
Grapes continue to advance, and will soon
disappear.,'
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Butter closed the week with a further de
cline, stocks being too large for the demand.
There was no change. In Cheese and Eggs,
the supply about balancing the demand.
HUVltoK—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 21322c; seconds,
20c.
Dairy — Fancy, 20@21c; good to choice, 19c:
common, 17'c isc. ¦
Creamery tub— 20«22V4c per lb.
Pickled roll— 19021c.
Flrkln-18S19c.
Storage goods— 21©22<*.
CHEESE— New. 1140120; old. 10®llc: Young
America. 12®i:4c; Eastern. 13Vi®14o; Western,
liaise per lb.
EGGS-Quoted at 2C@25c for store and 274@
35c per dozen for ranch; Eastern, lS©26c.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Prices for Gamo stood about the same. Toul
try was dull and nominal, as usual on Satur
day.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, lJiffHc for Gob
blers and 14015c for Hens; Dressed
Turkeys, 15gl8c; Geese, per pair, $1 50
@1 75; Goslings, $1 75@2; Ducks. 13ft for
old and $3 :>Mt I 50 lor young; Hens. $.i &0@:t uO;
Young Roosters, $4@4 60; Old Roosters, |3 50<&'4;
Fryers. $3 25<^3 50; Broilers. $3 25@3 50 for large
and $3«£f 3 25 for small; Pigeons, $1 per dozen for
old and $1 5001 75 for Squabs.
GAME— Quail. $1 25 for Valley and J2(j?2 50 for
Mountain: Mallard, $3®6: Canvasback, I4S«:
Sprig, J3r54: Teal. $2 50<iJ3: Widgeon. $2@3; Small
Duck, »1 5001 75; Gray Geese, t3S?3 50: White
OeeBe, $1(01 GO; Brant, $1 60@2 for small and $2
dJ2 50 for large; English Snipe, $1 25@1 BO; Jack
Snipe, $1: Hare, $125; Rabbits, $150 for cotton
tall and $1 for brush; Doves, 60c per dozen.
Poultry and Game.
There were no changes worthy of note.
POTATOES— River Reds, 70@80c; Burbanks,
CBt?30c for Riven and 85cJ?tl 15 per ctl for
Salinas and 60@90c for Oregon; Sweets,. E0@73c
tor Rivers and SSSKOc for Merced.
ONIONS— 75c@»l 15 per ctl; Pickle Onions.
40051c rer fork.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, 2©6c per lb;
String Beans, S@6c' Lim&s, 3@5c per lb; Cab
bage, $1; Tomatoes, 203J6oc; Egg Plant, 25
@60c per box; Green Okra, 40@60c; Green Pep
pers. Z5Q5Oc per box for Chill and 40Q50c for
Bell; Dried Peppers, 10®15c; Carrots. 23CT3oc
per sack; Summer Squash, 75c@$l for Ala
meda; Cucumbers, 40(f60c for Alameda; Garlic,
4-tf5c per lb; Marrowfat Squash. $7J/lu per ton.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Receipts of Beans were 10,71*7 sacks, making
8S,141\for tho week. As these Immense receipts
have depressed the market, which Is now
weak 'and drawing. It Is probable that they
will fall off from now on.
BEANS-Bayos, $2 63^2 80; Small White, $3 90
©4; Large White. $2 90@3 13; Plnk.ll 80@2; Red,
>2 73(&3; Blackeye. $3*J3 15; Lima. $5 20*g5 30.
Pea, $3 90® 4 10: Red Kidneys, $3 5003 73.
SKKDS — Brown Muwtard, nominal ; Yellow-
Mustard, nominal; Flax. 12 25@2 40; Canary.
34c per lb for California and 4o for Eastern;
Alfalfa, 9®94c: Rape. 2%®3c; Hemp, 4g4V4c;
Timothy, 4S44c.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 6002: Green. $1 SO®
2 20 per ctl; Blackeye, $1 50@l 75.
Beans and Seeds.
All descriptions stand without change. Bran
Is weak and round lots can be bought under
the Quotations.
BRAN— $14015 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $16 KC<£19 60 p»r ton.
FBEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley. $15 E0JJ16 50
per ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $25@26; Job
bing. $M 60; Cocoanut Cake. $17®13; Corn Meal.
$2C(?27; Cracked Corn. $2C 60027 50; Mixed Feed.
$15916.
HAY — Volunteer. $5@S: Wheat. J11S13 50;
Wheat and Oat. $ 10*1/12 50: Oat. »Sll &0:
Clover, $3y-7; Alfalfa, $3 sO&3 SO; Barley. $7Q
9 per ton.
STRAW— 35@43c per bale.
Hay and Feed stuffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3" 60©
3 75. usual' terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 40©3 50;
Oregon and Washington. $2 75@S 10 per bbl for
family and $3 15@3 50 for bakers'; Eastern,
54 75^; 75 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lcws. usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flcur *3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Mtal $2 £0; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $2 75;
extra cream do, $3 60; Oat Groats, $4 50: Hom
iny. $3 Suft3 75; Buckwheat Flour, $4£4 25;
Cracked Wheat. $3 CO; Farina. $4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour. $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $5.@
7 25; In sacks. $5 75'g7; Pearl Barley. Jo; Split
Peas $5; Green l'eas, $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock — December —
2000 ctls. 73T4c. \
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— December— 4000 ctls,
73%c; 2000, 734c,.
OATS — Dealers reported a fair movement yes
terday at unchanged prices.
White $1 30@l 474: Surprise. $1 4501 55; Red.
Jl 15B1 25 for feed and $1 25@1 374 for seed;
Gray" $1 25@1 S5; Black, for feed, $1X24^120;
for seed, $1 20@l 30 per ctl.
CORN— Eastern Yellow. $1 224; White, $1 224;
Faatern Mixed, $1 20@l 224 per ctl.
i RYE— 874®30c per ctl. •
BUCKWM1CAT— Quoted at $1 75@3 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES
WHEAT--Quotatlons from Liverpool and
Paris were «trong. New York advanced *ic
Chicago opened strong, with some covering
by shorts. The cash demand was good. It was
the opinion that tho market had turned for the
better. The demand has overtaken the supply
of Kansas Wheat, which means a better mar
ket for the Northern article. Conservative es
timates place the Argentine prospects one
third under last year.
In this market futures continued to rise,
though shipping descriptions were unchanged.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. $1; Milling, $1 01V4@
1 03% per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:13 o'clock— May— 20,000
ctls, $i08t4: 12,000, $1 PS4: 4ooo, $1 0S4: sooo,
$1 08%.
Second Session— May— 4000 ctls, $1 OSVa: 6000.
$1 08%; December— 2000, $1 01%: 12.000. $1 014.
Regular Morning Session— May— 4C0O ctls,
$1 034: 4000, Jl 08%.
BARLEY— The market was quiet and un
changed. . "
Feed, 75c for choice bright, 724c for No. 1
and 65@70c for off grades; Brewing and Ship
ping Grades. SOjISae; Chevalier, nominal.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — $4 814
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 S3%
Sterling Cables — 4 ?S
New York Exchange, sight — 74
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 10
Fine Silver, per ounce — 63H
Mexican Dollars, nominal 604 Q 51
Exchange and Bullion.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 10.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances In the general fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold- reserve In the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance. $138,327.1SS; gold. $94,572,350.
Condition of the Treasury.
LONDON. Nov. 10.— Atchison. 36%: Canadian
Pacific, 904; Union Pacific preferred. 80%;
Northern Pacific preferred, 79*4; Grand Trunk,
G%; Anaconda, 9%.
CLOSING,
The markets were stagnant to-day, except for
American shares, which were excited, actlvs
and very strong. London apparently has turned
completely around. Having finished selling out
people are now disposed eagerly to buy on any
sort of a tip. Baltimore and Ohio shares, for
example, were largely bought to-day on a mere
rumor that an extra dividend might be de
clared. After the close and while awaiting
the opening in Wall street there was a very
animated curb market on the street
NEW YORK, Nov. 10.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The London Market.
NTSW TORK. Nov. 10.— The. Financier says:
A decrease of $1,344,670 in the reserve of the
New York Associated Banks for tho week end-
Ing November 10 brings the total excess reserve
down to 14,616.060. which In the face of the
enormous dealing? on the Netr York Stock Ex
change adds a new Interest to the Immediate
money market. The statement contains several
surprises, the chief of which Is the loss of
$1,015.;00 In cash. It had been figured that the
banks would show a slight decrease in cash
holdings, but nothing approaching- the total re
ported. There Is every reason to believe, how
ever, that the position of the Clearingr-housa
institutions Is better than indicated In the
statement, for the reason that the gold con
signments from Europe last week do not ap
pt-ar to the full extent In. the averages. The
contraction In loans during the past week Is
very heavy and seems to extend generally
throughout the list of individual banks, not
being conflnea, as Is often the case, to a few
of the larger Institutions. It Is not to b« ex
pected, however, that loans will continue to
contract if the 6tock market business remains
active over the next week. The decrease of
$i0,6S3,400 in deposits Is logical considering the
cr.sh and . loan reduction, and this explains
¦why. with J4. 000,000 In canh going out of the
Iisnks. the actual reserve- fell only $1,344,850.
The lessened deposits released about $2,670,000
heretofore locked up under the 25 per cent legal
requirement. With reference to th« outlook
little can be said. The interior market Is at
an end, but a return of funds to this center
is not expected for Boma time to come. Th«
gold Imports have ceased temporarily at least
and for the moment It seems that the banks
will report anything but a plethora of Idle
funds. If this assumption is correct rates will
be held firmly over the remainder of the fall
season, but as Is sometimes the case any a.p
preclable advance here may bring forward
money from other centers. It 1b worthy of
note that the increase in note circulation has
been checked, the banks reporting a decrease
for the first time In months. In any forecast
of the situation it will be well to keep In mind
the circulation Item. The elastlo features of
the new financial law will hereafter be a fac
tor that will influence. the money market.
Weekly B.wk Statement.
Adams 135
100 American 163
United States 50
Wells Fargo 130
. .^ Miscellaneous —
1.000 American Cotton Oil 86%
"iVUA Am erican Cotton Oil prefd.; 93
Z,000 American Malting 5V4
••••••• American Malting prefd 24%
«-J:«0 American Smelting A Ref 46>*
1.000 American Smelting & Ref prefd 94't
American Spirits 1
••-;- American SpJiitx pretd 17
6,000 American Steel Hoop 32T4
1.300 American Steel Hoop prefd 79
44.SoO American Steel & Wire 44*;
*•?!; -American Steel & Wire prefd R4»;
,Vf2 American Tin Plate , 40V,
•H?2 American Tin Plate prefd S3',
ZZ.ZoO American Tobacco 107
•••¦•¦• American Tobacco prefd 135
,J'? ~1 Anaconda Mining Co 47
-£i2 Bro °klyn Rapid Transit 6S*i
i >( ™ Colorado Fuel & Iron...-. 46<4
?.»>C0 Continental Tobacco 34
J'^X Continental Tobacco prefd 8G>*
23.S10 Federal Steel 4SK
•Hi Federal Steel prefd 56Ti
, £*| General Electric 148
1,200 Glucose Sugar 6S<,4
"*'^A O!ucos e Sugar prefd 103
1.250 International Paper 25
c£ International Paper prefd 72
600 Ladede Gas 70
475 National Biscuit , SS*i
jttv National Biscuit prefd 84
2C0 National Lead ...: 21H
k!^ National Lead prefd 95
'o^ Nat i°nal Steel 35
-00 National Steel prefd.. 92
"••;;: ew . Yo /k Air Brake 180
J 2 ? North American 16%
100 Pacific Coast 60
Pacific Coast 1st prefd $3
*;-¦;;; J >aclflc CoaBt 2d prew «s
37.1S9 Pacific Mall 56
9.300 Pcople-s Gas osk
C00 Pressed Steel Car "!'.!"."."!'" 56H
i-'O Pressed Steel Car prefd 87'4
300 Pullman Palace Car 191'
-00 Standard Rope & Twine.... 7
3,250 Sugar 12 ,<e
Sucar prefd ,17
14,060 Tennessee Coal & Iron '.'.'.'.'.'.'.". 67v:
"H« J-nlted States Leather 15%
4.333 I.'nlted States Leather prefd 76^
6,*M> United States Rubber.... 36
»i^ K. nlted StatPS Rubber prefd 954
2.900 Western Union ....... 8j3
?•£>5 Republic Iron & Steel Co..'..'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'. 18U
3,000 Republic Iron & Steel Co prefd 63^
«.'...•.«• P C C & gt Louis 65
SS6.900 Shares sold.
CIjOSIXG BONDS.
V 3 2s ref when NYC lsts 108
i» s " p d reg: 105H NJC gen ts 124%
Do coupon 105H N Paciflc 8s 70
L S 3s reg no Do 4s 105
Do 3s coup 1104 MTCtStL 4s..lO6^
Do new 4s reg...l3«* 4 N & W con 4a 98H
l>o new 4s coup.. 138% Or Nav lsts 103
I>o old 4s reg 116 Do <s 104
Do old 4s coup.. .116 Or Short Line 6s...l24H
P° Ss reg H3 1 .;! Do con 6s 114-4
l>o Es coup 114 iReading sen 4s.... 8»i»
DiFt of Col 3.65s. ..1244JB. G W lst« JJ%
Atchison gen 4s...l0Ui St L & I M con 5s.llH4
I Do ad I 4s. S4«i St USF gen 6s.l25
; Canada So 2ds 107*»|St Paul cons 172
S Ches & O 4Vis 100'4'st P C & P lsts....HS»;
,,D() 5s 120 Do 6s 119%
Chi & N con 7s....i3lH!s Pacific 4s... 83%
Do S F deb 5S...117V4JS Railway 6sv 112
Chicago Term 4s... 94 Stand R & T 6s... 70
Colorado So 4s 84 'i Tex & Pac lsts. ...115
D & R G 4s J>SV Do 2ds 80
grie gen 4s 73% U Pacific 4s 106
I F W & D C lsts... 7S .Wabash lsts H614
I Gen Electric 6s. ...113 Do 2ds lWu
i Iowa Cent l8ts....H5V4|West Shore 4s Il3%
Ij & N «nl 4s 99U Wise Cent lsts.... 87%
M K & T 2ds 70 Va Centuries 90H
Do 4s 84
MINING STOCKS.
I Brunswick 10 Ophir 74
I Crown Point 10'piymouth 12
: Deadwood 55 Quicksilver 1 25
I Oould & Curry SO. Do prefd 7 00
! Hale & Norcross... 20 Sierra Nevada 1 20
j Homestake 60 00 Standard 3 20
I Iron Silver 70 Union Con 1$
! Mexican 20 Yellow Jacket 20
Ontario 6 25'
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONTJS.
Money— jRubber 36
Call loans. 4 jR5*4[Unlon Paciflc 66«4
Time loans V.^ut Union Land 2
Stocks— West Knd 91%
Atch T & Sta Fe.. 354 Bonds-
Do prefd 75»i Atchison 4s ....100'i
American Sugar., .129%[ Mining Shares-
Do prefd H7 Adventuro 54
Boston & Albany.. 250 Allouez Mln Co.... 2%
Boston Elevated... 156 Atlantic 2i£
Boston & Maine. ..1914iBoston & Montana.325
; Chl B & Q 133%!Butte & Boston.... 65
! Dominion Cool 44%-Calumet & Hecla~.9O0
Do prefd 113H Centennial 19%
Federal Stee-l 4Ssi!Franklln 15%
Do prefd "64. Humboldt 25
! Fltchburg prefd 133HOsceola 7r4
j General Electric. ..146'i.i Parrot 47«i
I Do prefd 140 jQulncy 155
Ed Elec 111 213 Sta Fe Copper ltf
Mexican Central... 13%:Tamarack 262
I Mich Telephone.... $5 iutah Mining 334
1 N E Gas & Coke... 16% Winona. 84
Old Colony 202 Wolverines 444
I Old Dominion 24%
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Local bank clearings show a loss for the week.
Xcu.< York Exchange advanced. Silver unchanged.
Wheat futures up again. Other cereals as before.
Bran weak and Hay steady but quiet.
Beans dragging, ivith increasing supplies.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables about the same.
Nothing ixzu in Poultry and Game.
Butter lozver again. Eggs and Cheese unchanged.
Fresh and Dried Fntits quiet and featureless.
Proz-isions in fair demand at steady prices.
Wool steady. Hides and Hops firm. [
No further change in the Meat market.
Light trading on the local stock exchanges.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, quiet;
winter patents, $3 70*33 90; straights, $3 10#3«0;
clears $2 90^3 40; spring specials, $4 30; patents,
13 KV&3 SO; straight*. $3f 3 45; bakers', $3 20*52 75;
No. 3 spring wheat. 68<375c: No. 2 red. 73%@
76"aic: No. i corn. 8DV4©«0c: No. 2 yellow. 39144?
40c: No. 2 oats, white. 26%H27Hc; Na 3 white.
24^4<926Vic: No. 2 rye, 48c; fair to choice malting
barley. 64®58c; No. 1 flax seed, $18001 &2; No. 1
Northwestern. $1 83; prime timothy seed. $4 10@
4 20: mess pork, per bbl. $10 60: lard, per 100 lbs,
$7©7 05; short-rib *l<les (loose). $fi tV.fitj SO; dry
Halted shoulders (boxed), 5*i^5T»c; short clear
fides (boxed), $6 70Q3£0; whisky, basis of high
wines, $1 27; clover, contract grade $10.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels ,. 19.000 11.000
Wheat, bushels .'..1O3.OPO 54.000
Corn, bushels 163.C0O 304,000
Oats, bushels 126.000 133.000
Rye. bushels 3.0CO 1,000
Barley, bushels 55.000 20.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm; creameries, 15>ft23c; dairies,
12V4013C. Cheese, active. 10<811Hc. Eggs,
Eteady; fresh, 26c.
CHICAGO. Nov. 10.— Moderate activity with
considerable firmness characterized the wheat
market throughout the session save for a mo
ment at the start. With the weather unsettled,
cables firm and Argentine reports claiming 30
per cent damage to the crop of that country
December opened a ] shade higher at 73%c 10
73?ic and soon after touched 73%c. The re
ceipts show continued signs of diminishing, I
and this, coupled with the Argentine advices
presaging a reduction In the exportable surplus
of that territory and a corresponding Increase
for the domestio product, caused covering by
shorts. Cash houses were also good buyers and
brokers had orders to buy for the foreign ac- ;
count. Cash sales were reported at 250.000
bushels. December advanced gradually to 74 W
©74%c and closed firm, %c over yesterday,
at 7414c.
Corn was active and In good demand, both
for spot and futures. The feature was the
advance of November ¦ the first few minutes
of the session, due to the growing scarcity of
old corn and the fact that much of the de
livery Is concentrated In a few hands. De
cember closed %c higher at 35%c.
Oats were quiet, but ruled firm In sym
pathy with wheat and corn. December closed
He higher at 22Hc.
The whole provision list advanced sharply.
Offerings suddenly ceased and shorts were
anxious buyers. Light hog receipts and a
demand from English packers were factors.
January pork closed 17Hc over yesterday, lard
lOignvic higher and ribs 15c improved.
The leading future* ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Whwtt No. 2—
November 7JU 73* 73H 73%
December M!4 74 \ 73% 74*4
January 74% 75% 74ft 75Vs
Corn No. 2—
November 39*-; 33U SS?i 39
December &\ »c»j Sh% 3bV»
May 36H 36% 3«»g 36»'s
Oats No. 2—
November 21»i 21% 21% 21%
December 22V* 2»U 22 22H
May 24 24H 24 24>i
Mess Pork, rer bbl—
November 10 30 10 S5 10 30 10 35
January ...1120 1145 1120 11 42*4
Lard, per 100 lbs—
November 6 95 7 00 « 95 7 00
necember 6 80 6 S7-J4 6 PO 6 87V4
January 6 70 6 77ft 6 70 6 77*,
Short Ribs, per 100 Ibs-
November 8 35 6 62*,i 5 33 6 C2H
January 6 97-^ 6 10 S 97VJ 6 10
COFFEE— Spot Rio, /quiet; No. 7 invoice,
8H0 bid; mild, quiet. Cordova, 9%®13Uc Coffee
futures closed steady with prices S points net
lower. Total sales, 25.250 bags, including: De
cember, $7; January, $7 05; March. V 15; April,
$7 15@7 20; May. $7 25; June, $7 25@7 30;' July,
$7 30; August, $7 35; September. $7 20@7 40.
SUGAR— Raw. quiet; fair refining, 3%c; cen
trifugal, 96 test, 4%e; molasses eugar, 3Hc.
Refined, dull: No. 6, 5.05c; No. 7, 4.95c; No. 8,
4.S5c; No. 9, 4.75c: No. 10, 4.7i)c; No. 11, 4.65c;
No. 12. 4.60c; No. 13, 4.60c; No. 14, 4.55c; stand
ard A, 5.40c; confectioners' A, 6.40c; mold A,
5.S5c; cut loaf, 6c; crushed. 6c; powdered, 5.70c;
granulated, 5.60c; cubes. 6.75c.
BUTTER— Receipts, 10.660 packages ; strong.
State dairy. 15©22c; creamery. 16®24V4c; June
creamery, 17Q*i2c; factory, 13®l5%c.
EGGS— Receipts, 3077 packages; strong. West
ern regular packing, at mark, lS l 5'23c: Western,
loss off, 25c.
DRIKD FRUIT.
As usual on Saturday the market for evap
orated apples ruled dull and unchanged on the
basts of 4ijf5c for State common. 4%@5"4c for
prime, 6H®6c for choice and 6®6\4c for fancy.
California dried fruits were dull.
PRUNES— Quoted SVaSSHc per pound, as to
size and quality.
APRICOTS— Royal, llffllc; Moorpark. 15®15c.
PEACHES— Peeled, 16<S20c; unpeeled, 6-®9c.
closed 78Uc; December. 73H@T9 ll-16c, cloeed
79V4C •
HOPS-Paclfle Coast, 1S99 crop, 10tl3c; old,
2<§5e. •
HIDES— Steady; California, 21 to 25 pounds.
18 Vic.
WOOL— Quiet; Domestic fleece, 25(J27c.
PIGIRON— Quiet; Northern, $14@16; Southern,
13 50#15 60.
COPPER— Quiet; brokers', 16%S16"»c.
LEAD— Dull; brokers', J4.
TIN PLATES— Quiet.
Con Cal & Va..l 00 1 13 P<-* Bekher .... C9 •«
Con Imperial... — 91 ¦ Sierra Nevada. 23 It
Con New Yorte. Cl —Silver Hill 37 »
Eureka Con ... — 43 St Louis — 10
Crown Point... n 19 Standard S 25 —
Exchequer — < v - Syndicate ft <* —
Gould & Curry K Ult'ntoa «'on — IS 17
Hale & Norc... 24 UltTtao f-% 10
Jul'a tl CS.Vellow Jaoker.. 22 24
SATURDAT. Nov. 10—12 m.
Bid. Ask. ! BMAttT.
Alrha 02 0.1 Justice 02 N
AMn. <H fr.' ! Kent'JCk <!2 <t*
Andes 04 S3 Lady Wash ... — PS
Belcher IS tdiM^xican 2S :*
Best & Belcher 21 2J' Occidental .... C% ' i>>
Bullion 01 <C;Ophlr 75 O
Calerlonia 37 3'»|OverTnnn 07 09
Chollar 12 U.Potosl 09 10
Challenge Con.. 13 Hifavase 18 U
Conrrler.ee> 5-> «C|Scori'ion — 04
CLOSING QUOTATIONS
V**> Bullion ........ «1 S0O Ophir "3
4co Calri'lonia 43 St« Ophlr S»
Kmi> ('hollar Hi 20()O\erman 03
WO frown Point.... 1" 200 Pnjosi 10
ICO Oould & Curry SS MftSavas* I 7
2<ki Goul1 & Curry 9<> 400 Sierra Nevada. 24
3fcO Hale & Norc... 24 100 Silver 1104 .••• 37
The following were the sales In th« Pactfc
Stcx'; Excbaas* yeat^nlay:
Morr.lri Sesslr.n.
(CO Belcher H ZO» Mexican „ 2?
WO Bert tc Belcher 1* iro f>phlr 77
The following were the sales In the San Fran
•'.sco Stock and Exchange Board yest?rday:
Momirvr Session.
400 Be'cher 1ST 100 Occidental CS
200 Belcher » ED Ophlr JJ
200 B*st & IVlcher 21 100 Oj.hlr 77
400 CholUr 11- K4> Pctcsl 10
1C0 Con Cat * Va..l Co 2'"» Savage *. 17
1W Gouid & Curry $."• HO Cain Con .... W
2W Mexican 27 100 Yellow Jacket.. 23
300 Mexican IS
MINING STOCKS.
Mornlnr Session.
-cSSSfe^u^n, - n
6"O Four Oil Co t 42
V'O Hanford-Fresno-Kern River 2«
10O McKlttrick Consolidated 3.1
500 Monta Cristo, b 30 1 55
£00 Monte Cristo 150
1R0 Petroleum Center *¦"¦
40O Petrolenm Center ..' 1*>
123 San Joaquln Oil and Dev 9 37"^
100 San Joaquin Oil ami Dev 9 r»
f-0 St-rling O & V Co 2 S^
10O Twenty-eight 2-0
Stre-t— ,
l."0 San Joaquln Oil * Dev I?T"
COO San Joaqutn Oil & Dev • W
PRODUCERS* OIL EXCHANGE.
HOPS-At London. Pacific Coast, steady, £2
Ss@£3 Ss.
WHEAT— Spot, steady; No. 2 red Western
winter, Cs Hd; No. 1 Northern spring. 68 4d;
No. 1 California 6s 4d. Futures— Quiet; De
cember, Cs %d; March, 63 2^d.
CORN— Spot, quiet; American mixed, new,
November, 4s %d; December, 43 W. January,
3s lOVid.
FLOUR— St. Louis fancy winter, steady, 8s 6d.
CLOSING
standard California, 6« 3^dJ?6s 4d; -wheat In
Paris, steady; flour In Paris, steady; French
country markets, quiet; weather In EngUnu,
fine, but cold.
COTTON— Uplands," 5 11-3M.
Flour, qr sks.... 30. 976 [Quicksilver, flsks 43
Wheat, ctla • 883 Sugar, bbls 50
Barley, ctls 4,620' Sugar, sks 4 283
Oats, ctls Tf.O Ekks. doa 9 - 4S(J
Corn. East. ctls. 1.0O01 Hides. No '533
Butter, ctls 21S' Pelts, bdls «*i
Tallow, ctl3 24: Wool, bales 254
Chicory, bbls .... 35 Hay. tons 423
Lime, bbls If! Middlings, ska .. 777
Raisins, bxs 1.000 Beans, sks 10.787
Brandy, gals ... 3.1S3 Potatoes, sks .... 7*223
Wine, gals 28,300 Onions, sks 994
Leather, rolls ... SSlBran. sks 2.210
FOR SATURDAT. NOVEMBER 10.
Receipts of Produce.
Crushed. 6.40c; Powdered, 6c; Candy Granu
lated, 6c; Dry Granulated, 5.90c; Confectioners*
A. 6.90c; Magnolia A. 5.50c; Extra C. 5.40c;
Golden C, 6.30c; barrels, lOo more; half-barrels,
25c more; boxes. £0c more; 50-lb bags. 10c more.
No orders taken for less than 73 barrels or Its
equivalent. Domlnos, half-barrels. 6.63c; boxes,
6.80c per lb.
SALMON — Round lots are quoted as follows:
Alaska red. $1 20; medium do. $1 10; pink. 95c;
Columbia River, Chinook, $1 70 for tails and
$1 85 for flats; barreled Salmon, $10 for Alaska
barrels and *5 50 for half-barrels..
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
RICE— China mixed. $4 25fl 4 JO; No. 1, $4 7C©
4 83; extra. 4r.fi5 50; Japanese. $4 9S®5 GO; Louis
iana, W@7: Hawaiian, $4 75 per ctl.
COAL— Wellington. 19 per ton: Southfleld
Wellington. $9; Seattle. 17; Bryant. $7; Coos
Bay, J5 50; Wallsend, |3; Co-operative Walls
end. $9; Cumberland. $12 In bulk and $13 25 In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14; Can
net, $12 p-r ton; Coke. $15 per ton In bulk and
SIS In sarks; Rocky Mountain descriptions.
$8 43 per 2000 lbs and $3 SO per ton, according to
brand.
BAGS— San Quentln Bags. 15 «S; Calcutta
Grain Bags. June and July. 6%QSUe; Wool
Bags, 28H"S324c; Fleece Twine. . 7V4e; Fruit
Bass, $H(SS%c for white and SViG^tC for
bleached Jute.
General Merchandise.
Beef, Mutton and Lamb continue firm at the
advance already noted, and ther* Is no further
change In Pork.
BEEF— €@7c for Steers and 5g5*lc per lb for
Cows.
VBAI^-Uree. 7©Re; vmail. ?He9e r*r lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7%®8c; ewes, 7@7Hc per
pound.
LAMB— 8©9c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 5Hc for small. 5Hc j for
medium and S^c for large; stock Hogs and
feeders. 5c; dressed Hoes. 7Vi©8"4c.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Fall Clip — San Joaquln, 6V3 s c; do Lambs'. 8
©9c; Middle County. »t*10c; Northern Mountain,
free, 10011c; Southern Mountain. 7ViJJS**c;
Humboldt and Mendoclno. 12 @ 13c per lb.
HOPS— 11V4S15O per lb.
HIDES- AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about le under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, 10c; medium. 9c; light. S%@3c; Cow
hides. S%<g9c; Stags. 6Hc: Salted Kip. $^c;
Salted Veal. 9%c; Salted Calf. 10c; Dry Hides,
16c; culls, lie; Dry Kip, 16c; Dry Calf, 16317c;
culls and brand, 14c; Sheepskins, shearlings.
;Cig30c each; short Wool. 30®60c each; medium.
60iQ?3c; long Wool. 75c@$l each; Horse Hides.
j>alt $2 50 for large and {2 for medium, |1 SO
for 'small and We for colts; Horse Hides, dry,
$1 75 for large. $1 50 for medium. II 25 for small
and 25®50e for colts. Deerskins— Summer or red
eklns 35c: fall or medium eklns. C0c: winter or
thin skins, l7*$@20c. Goatsklns-r-Prlme An
goras. 73c; large and smooth. 60c;. medium, 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4®4Ho per lb; No.
2, 3Hc: grease. 2® 24c.
WOOL— Spring clip Is quotable as follows:
Northern, free, lS©16c: Northern, defective. 120
14c: Middle County, free. 14S16c; Middle County,
defective, 12@14c: Southern Mountain. 1!
months', 9@10e; Southern Mountain, free, 7
months' 11012c: Southern Mountain, defective,
7 months'. 9611c; Humboldt and Mendoclno, li
©17c; Nevada. 13^16c per lb.
The situation In goods under this head re
mains as before quoted. Hops and Hides are
firm and In demand, while Wool U steadily
held, with a fair inquiry.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 10'ifHlc per lb for
heavy, lie for ltzht medium. 13c for llerht. l«c
for extra light and 13c for sugar cured: East
ern sugar-cured Hams, 11*44? 12c; Mess Beet,
$12 W> per barrel: extra Mers. $13 50: Family.
J1S 50- extra Prime PotIc $16; extra clear, $19 50;
Mess. J16; Smoked Beef, 13c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6%e per lb for com
pound and 9c for pure; half-barrels, pure. 9Uc;
10-lb tins. 9%c: 5-lb tins. 94c.
COTTOLE.NE- One-half barrel. *Hc; three
half barrels. 8>%c: one tierce. 8Hc; two tierces.
Ec; five tierces, 774c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
NUTS— Chestnuts, 6®.c per lb; Walnuts, No.
1 so'tshell, lie: No. 2. 8e: No. 1 hardshell. 10c;
No. 2 Trie'. Almonds. I">frl6c for paper-shell.
ll@12*>ic for BOftshell; Peanuts, 5<56c for East
ern- Brazil Nuts, 13c; Filberts, 13c; Pecans, 11
©13c: C4Toanuts. » LOGS, t
HONEY— Comb. 13U@i4>£c for bright and 12H
©lSc for light amber; water white, extracted.
7%<8Sc; light amber, extracted. 7®7Hc; dark.
C36V4c per lb. •
BEESWAX-NgMo per lb.
Provisions.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices for the
season of VSOO: Bleached Thompson's fancy. 12e
per lb; choice, lie: standard. 8»ic: prime. 8c;
unbleached Thompson's. 9c per lb. Sultanas-
Fancy. lOHc per lb; choice. 9Hc; standard. S\c;
prime, 8c; unbleached Saltanas, 3c; Seedless.
50-lb boxes. 614c; 2-erown loose Muscatel*. Sc;
2-crown. 6Vic; 4-crown. 7c: London Layers. 2
crown. Jl SO per box; 3-crown. $1 60; Fancy
Clusters. *2; Dehesa. « 50; Imperial, J3- All
prices f. o. b. at common shipping points In
California.
ana over, which stand the same. Apricots. S4T
8c for Koyals and 10@UXc for Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples. 4S"Hc; sun-drUM. SH04c;
Peaches, •»'VjfJ'5c (or standard. »<g«o tor choir*
and 7@7%c for fancy; Pears. 2®"c; Plums,
pitted. 5©6Se; unpitted, lftlWc; Nectarines. SO
»Mc for red and 5H©6c for white.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 11, 1900.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
THE STOCK MARKET.
The area of high pressure over the Rocky
Mountain region et'll dominates the weather
condition* west of the mountains. There has
b*-en but little chasge la pressure over the
Pacific tlope.
The temperature has also remained nearly
stationary over the entire coast. Throughout
CaMfomla, with the exception of the extreme
northwestern portion, the temperatures are from
* to 18 decrees warmer than usuaL
Dense fog prevails along the coast from Cape
Wendodno to Cap* Blanco.
JN'ot a drca cf rain has fallen west of the
FORECAST
Fan Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
— ; minimum. — : mean, — .
WTATHEIt CONDITIONS AND GENERAL,
39
California Fruit Sales.
B. M. 1 T. W. T. F. j S. Moor.'i Phases.
— — — - ~i ~ Full Moon.
__ I W JJovemberfi.
4 5 6 T 8 v^ Last Quarter,
IT IT "lT IT IT IT 17 Xovember 13.
, £* N.tt Moon.
13193002223 24©? November SL
ITIT 27 28 flT JO k WWt Q^«er.
I 1 | I JJr ?fovetnb«r 2J.
I Last ! This I Last
STATIONS. r« Hoorsl Season. Season.
Eureka. .............. 0.00 8.S3 8.49
Red Bluff ~~. 0.09 S.T1 4.78
Eacramento 0.00 1.78 6.M
San Francisco 0.00 2.13 6.02
Freeno 0.09 O.«6 S.S7
Trjd'Tif-r.'lenre ....... G.OO 0.S2 ' 0.19
fian I>uU OWtpo.... O.OO LH ¦ 4.24
Jx» Angtlea 0.C0 0.11 1.60
Ban Dlero O.OO O.M 0.4S
I Last ! This I Last
STATIONS. r« Hoorsl Season. Season.
Eureka. .............. 0.00 8.S3 8.49
Red Bluff ~~. 0.09 S.T1 4.78
Eacramento 0.00 1.78 6.M
San Francisco 0.00 2.13 6.02
Freeno 0.09 O.«6 S.S7
Trjd'Tif-r.'lenre ....... G.OO 0.S2 ' 0.19
fian I>uU OWtpo.... O.OO LH ¦ 4.24
Jx» Angtlea 0.C0 0.11 1.60
Ban Dlero O.OO O.M 0.4S
B. M. 1 T. W. T. F. j S. Moor.'i Phases.
— — — - ~i ~ Full Moon.
__ I W JJovemberfi.
4 5 6 T 8 v^ Last Quarter,
IT IT "lT IT IT IT 17 Xovember 13.
, £* N.tt Moon.
13193002223 24©? November SL
ITIT 27 28 flT JO k WWt Q^«er.
I 1 | I JJr ?fovetnb«r 2J.
THE 0. R, & fl. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STCAMEK9 TO
PORTLA3STD
From Eptar.itreet Wharf at 10 a. m.
CIRC 112 First Class Including Berth
lAnE. $8 Second Class and Meals.
COLUMBIA sails Nov. 14. 24. Dee. 4
GEO. W. ELDER sails Nov. 9. 13. 23
Short Line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte.
Hslrna and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E- C. WARD. General Ag»nt.
«30 Market street.
TOYO KISEN KAISfll
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHAKF. COR-
cer First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc No cargo received on board oa day
of galling-.
S3. HONQKONQ MARU '.
Tuesday. November 13. 1300
63. NIPPON MARU
Thursday. December *. 1900
BS. AMERICA MARU
Saturday. December 23, 1900
Via Honolulu. .
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner of First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
KtlTVMERICAN LINE.
HXW TOSS. SOCTHAMPTO:*. L0SDOS. Px&U.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New Tork Every Wednesday. M a. m.
St. Louis Nov. HSt. Louis Oec 5
New Tork Nor. 21 New York Da*. 13
St. raul Nov. »!St: Paul Dec. 13
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
SouthwarK Nov. 11 Noordland Dec $
Westernland ...Nov. Tl Friesland Dec 13
Kensington Konr 2S Southward Dec. 13
For freight and passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
30 Montgomery it. Or any of Its agents.
oceanics.s.co. asuss
ES. MARIPOSA. for Tlonolulu. Samoa. New
Zealand and Australia
Wednesday. November II. 9 p. m.
BS. AUSTRALIA for Tahiti
Tuesday. December 4, 4 p. n.
PS. ZEALANDIA (Honolulu only)
Monday. December 3. 2 d. m.
I D. SPBEEXEtS t BROS. CO..Xgts..TTckst Ofca, 643 Hart jt St
f fright fltfa, 327 Martal St.. Pier to. 7, Patift; 31
COXPAGSIK 0ENERAL3 TJUNSATLASTiqUS.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. _.-rn^
Palllnp every Thursday. lnst*>r».l of <^{f?»«»
Saturday, from November 2. 1S». af«»K2l»
10 a. m.. from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton street L'AQUITAINE, Nov. 8. First-
class to Havre. tZo and upward. Seconi
cla»s to Havre. 9-12 50 and upward. GENERAL
AOKNCT FOR UNITKD STATES and CAN-
ADA. S3 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. I. F. FUOAZI tt CO.,. Pacific Coa«t
Art-nts. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
BAY AND BIVER STEAMERS^
FOR U. S. HAVY YARD AND VALLeTo.
i Steamer "Atootlcello,"
HON.. Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat.' at 9C
a. m.. J:13. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night): Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and S:30: Sundays. 10:3a a. m.. t
p. m. ¦ Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. J. Telenhone Main 13C1 :
FARB j y«.».. SQo
Th« company reserves the right to ehang»
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE —I New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKIN9 A CO.. Gen. Arents.
10 Market st., San Francisco.
For San Diego, stopping only at Sant% Bar-
bara, Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Lna An-
geles)-* a. m.. Nov. 9. 14. 13. 21, 23, 23, and
every Sunday and Wednesday thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Caya-
ros. Port HarfoM (San Luis Oblspo). Gairiota,
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport— 3
a. m., Nov. 11. 1«, 20. 23. 27, 30, and every Tues-
day and Friday thereafter.
For Knsenada. Macdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pax. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mexico)— 10 a. m., 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain company's
ftlders.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
v Steamers leave Broadway
tet wharf, San Francisco:
{O^- For Alaskan Ports— 11 a. nr.
tW^JW Nov. 12. 17. 22. 27. D*- 2.
B?3>»i>2fe^. Chanel to ompany'a stearr.rrn
BrB^SS^Sl For Victor!a - Vancouver ' n.
C). Port T^wn.«pr.d, Sea':!-.
t^^Kff-J?il Tarolr - a - r7vor»tt. Anacortea
and New Whatcom t'.Va«h>-
* 11 a. m.. Nov. 12. 17. 22. 2T.
D^c. 2. and every fifth day thereafter. Chan«r»
at Seattle fcr this company's steamero for
Alaska and O. N. Ry.: at Seattle or Tacoma
to N. P. P.y. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m.. Nov.
?. 14. 15. 24. 29. Dec. 4. and every fifth Jay
OCEAN TRAVEL.Miss Maude Adams' first fourteen per
formances at tho Knickerbocker Theater
have been very successful; in fact, the
management says they have been ahead
of Miss Adams' best previous New York
City receipts the past three seasons. Vrhe
arrangements are now , under way by
Holbrook Blinn, the young San Fran
cisco actor, and son of Mrs. Nellie Hol
brook-Bllnn, has been engaged by Daniel
V. Arthur as the "heavy" support of
Marie Burroughs In "The Battle of the
Strong." Blinn was last seen here as
Ib In the pretty curtain raiser to "The
Husbands of Leontlne" at the Madison
Square Theater. It was called "Ib and
Little. Christina." He created the part In
the original London production. "The
Battle of the Strong" opens in Louisville
on November 28.
Mr and Mrs. Francis Burton Harrison
(Crovker) remain' at Tuxedo as the guests
of their uncle and aunt, Mr. and Mrs.
Charles B. Alexander.
Baron and Baroness Castelll are now
residents of Washington, D. C. The
Baroness was Miss Alice Taylor of San
Francisco. Baron Castelli is a physician
and will practice his profession in the
capital city. They have taken a house in
Sixteenth street, formerly occupied by the
Ds Kovens.
the winter, coming back only for the holi
days.
Another of Mrs. Mackay's gowns is of
pure black broadcloth with a glossy fin
ish. It is made up in the most delightful
fashion, having a smart little bolero very
much abbreviated and hanging loose and
full, showing beneath it a fitted body of
brilliant scarlet cloth braided in military
fashion in- gold. The sleeves are In the
18jO flowing style and show beneath them
full under sleeves of scarlet cloth richly
embroidered In gold and having very
It is poslble that Mrs. Clarence Mackay
will spend the winter in San Francisco.
She has be«n much seen in society, since
her return from Europe. Mrs. Mackay
brought some very smart tilings with her
in the way of hats and gowns and opera
wraps and Jewels. This beautiful young
matron is fond of dress and delights in
colors, and her wardrobe is very brilliant
this season. One of her most generous
gowns is in shades of green, a wonderful
dinner gown. It is of the new satin
gauze that is luminous and falls In glossy
folds. The shades of green 'are in pale
and dark emerald, and- about the V
shaped corsage is a wreath of green
leaves In velvet. There is a corslet of
green paillettes made to fit the figure like
the EcsJe3 of a fish. In Mrs. Mackay's
coiffure she wears a chaplet of the green
velvet leaves and the Jewels are emeralds
pet In diamonds. The effect is very beau
tiful.
Mr. and Mrs. Harden Lake Crawford,
who were married in California a few
days ago, Balled on the Werra for Italy.
The bridegroom is the son of Mr. and
Mrs. Robert L. Crawford of 41 West Fif
ty-seventh street. His aunt was Commo
dore Cornelius Vanderbiirs second' wife.
The young couple will spend the winter
in Italy. Their permanent home will be
in this city.
Miss Fanchette Sprague (daughter of
Mrs. R. 11. Sprague) and Mrs. Sprague,
formerly of San Francisco, are there. This
week Mrs. Sprague' put up two handsome
golf cups for competition. She is chape
ronlne also the Misses Harris of Rich
mond, who were among the very stunning
beauties at Narragansett two seasons ago
and at the . Horse Show here last year.
Mrs. Sprague's grandfather- was the lira t
Governor of Cautorma. Tne Spragues
go next week to their sugar piaiu«iuuii in
time for the sugar making.. They will
pass the winter in San Francisco.
NEW YORK, Nov. 10.— Many well-known
figures in society continue to find Hot
Springs more attractive than New York
and there is a great deal of entertaining
going on there just now among those that
have cottages.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Some Flutter About New
.York While Others Take
to the Sea in Ships.
CALIFORNIANS
BUSY MOVING
OVER THE MAP
Hermann Oelrichs, It is .understood, will
remain in San Francisco a greater, part of
Mr. and Mrs. George Crocker have gone
to California for a few months. The eld
ost MIfs Rutherford is studying at Leip
jric, and it is very doubtful If the Crock
ers will be much In New York this winter.
Mrs. Cornelius Vanderbilt, the younger,
who has such faultless taste in matters
of dress, has some dainty gowns this au
tumn well suited to her exquisite blonde
beauty. Mrs. Vanderbilt has an ideal
figure. She wears her gowns Intelligently
and is always in the very latest mode.
One of her most fetching gowns Is for
theater or afternoon concert wear. It is
of cream-white broadcloth embroidered in
pale ecru and having one of the new
Eklrts gathered full about the sides and
back. The corsage is richly braided and
has the new 1S50 point, very long and
Blender and stiffened with featherbone to
keep its shape. The sleeves are to the
elbow only, where they are finished by
square turned-back cuffs braided and
showing beneath them undersleeves of
soft white silk, with close waistbands fin
ished by double frills over the hands.
close waistbands buttoned with tiny gold
buttons. With this gown Mrs. Mackay
wears a flat "pancake" hat of scarlet
cloth corded in circles with featherbone
and having a mass of scarlet cloth ro
settes piled high at one side and held by
a big buckle of fretted gold.
Assistant United States Attorney Ban
ning yesterday entered a nolle prosequl in
the case against Metsamura Shikaso,
charged with Fmuersilng silk handker
rhiefs. Shikaso had tx^en In jail for some
time awaiting iTial. axid Mr. Banning con
sidered that he had been punished suffi
ciently.
Smug-grler Shikaso Released.
tary. The president reported that the
hospital was in a first-class sanitary con
dition. The structure is now being paint
ed throughout and electric lights with re
flectors are being set up in the operating
room for night operations.
The following named physicians were
elected for the ensuing term: Drs. Waah-
ington. Clark J. Barnham and W. B. Lea.
vitt. medicine: Dra. C. G. Kenyon. C. B.
Brlgham and H. M. Sherman. «urgery:
Drs. S. G Boyd. C. A. von Hoffman and
Georsre F. Shiels gynecolofry; Dra. Georga
H. Powers and K. Hopkins, oculists and
aurlsts; and Dr. Alonzo Taylor, patholo
gist. ¦"
which a change of booking will be made
so that Miss Adams will remain at the
Knickerbocker Theater until December 29.
giving seventy-five performances of
"L'Aiglon."
John D. Spreckels was among this
week's visitors to the metropolis. He has
been in Philadelphia for several weeks
overlooking the finishing touches on his
splendid new vessels now being construct
ed for 'the Oceanic Steamship- line by the
Cramps Ship Yard. Mr. Spreckels seldom
tarries long In Gotham.
The following new plays have been writ
ten and copyrighted and are soon to make
their initial appearance in Now York:
"They're After Me— They Want Me." a
farce in three acts, by Elmer E. Bersle.
Copyrighted by J. H. La Pearl, Danville,
"Hi Holler." a comedy sketch by Wal
lace Campbell: Copyrighted by Felix
Haney, New York.
"Crazy Billy," a comedy written and
copyrighted by-Cassius Marcellus Cool
idge. New York.
"Reb Selmelo; or, Torah Is the Best
S'chorah," a Hebrew comedy play ¦ in
four acts, written and copyrighted by A.
M. • Sharkensky, New York.
"For Honor's Sake," a drama In three
acts, written and copyrighted by Charles
A. Bowman. New York.
"A Reckless Bridegroom," a farce come
dy in three acts and five scenes. Written
and copyrighted by James Horan, New
York. " :: .':
"A Colonial Chapter," a play in five
acts. Written and \ copyrighted by Dan
iel Herbert Farquharson. Norfolk, Va.
"Examination Day at School," a sketch
written and copyrighted by Joseph Hart,
New York.
"A Scratch Race," a comedy in one act
by Walt Makee. Copyrighted by Walter
H. Baker & Co.. Boston.
"An Undesirable Neighbor," a sketch
by William D. Hall. Copyrighted by
Charles W.. Douglass, Philadelphia. '-'¦; :.. ; <
"Wanted— A Divorce," a sketch, writen
and copyrighted by Charles J. Stine,
Brooklyn. D. R. C.
JEWELER GLICKMAN IS ';
B.UECTED BY GAMBLINQ
Customers' Articles He Had
Search ¦Warrants Secured to Recover
Pawned.
. D. Glickman, a Jeweler at 1825 Devis
adero street, will be fortunate if he
escapes prosecution" for" felony embezzle
ment. ¦ Yesterday J. Peters, who has a
livery stable at 1314 Grove street, and Mrs.
Minnie Rubin, 1D20 Sutter street, secured
search warrants from Judge Mogan to re
cover possession of articles they had
placed" with Glickman to be repaired and
which he had pledged in the Columbia
Loan Office, 9 Grant avenue.. Peters pave
him a gold watch, valued at $200, and Mrs.
Rubin a diamond lace pin and solitaire
diamond ring, both valued at $100.
Neither ¦ of - them desired to swear to
warrants .for Gllckman's arrest, as they
had known him for some years and he
had always borne an excellent character
until recently, when he became addicted
tp gambling. They said that others were
in a similar predicament to themselves.
It is . probable that the proprietor of the
loan office will prosecute Glfckman unless
he is reimbursed. for the money advanced
on the articles.
St. Luke's Hospital Meeting.
At the annual meeting of the St. Luke's
Hospital corporation fceld yesterday the
following 1 , named' officers wepe elected for
the ensuing year: Dr.C. Mlddleton, presi
dent; William Babcock, vice president and
treasurer, and William Morrison, secre-
Sexton "Wehrenberg Killed by a Fall.
Diearich E. \\ ehrenberg. sexton of St.
Markus Church, met with a fatal accident
last Friday evening and died at the Ger
maxi Hotpital two hours later. He was
poing up the concrete steps leading to the
church when he fell backward, striking-
Ms head on the concrete and fracturing
hi* BkUlL
He was taken at once to the German
Hospital, hut he was pa*t the aid of sur
pery and died at 10 o'clock.
Mr. "Wenrenberg was a native of Ger
many. 72 years old. and unmarried. tie
resided at 1130 0'Fr.rrell street. The body
was removed to the Morcrue.
The California Northwestern Railrraj- Is
maklne heavy preparations for handling
next season's business, and among other
things will give special attention to its
Sunday travel. The section which this
road traverses Js moro than attractive for
f-hort Sunday trips, hut many families
fear to take them owing to the dread of
• •oming tn contact with Sunday picnic?.
White it is true this road has had no
trouble on this score, it is determined to
eliminate from the minds of the public all
jriea. of this contart. Although the pic
nics up the road to Mirabel Park. etc..
have in the past been kept separate from
the regular travel, there will be none
whatever this coming year, and those at
tending SohuetJten Park will he run on
separate boate and trains. In the future,
therefor", no one traveling on the Cali
fornia Northwestern Railway on Sundays
will come in contact with Sunday picnics.
Travel.
To Interfere With B«gular Sunday
NO PICNIC CROWDS
Young Carciglla wenr ta^work for Gug
jrenhime & Co. three days ago. Last night
lie was obliged to work overtime and his
occupation was to hoist crates of empty
cans from the sidewalk to the third floor.
This work necessitated his running the
elevator on which he had had little ex-
PTlfnce. Shortly after 6 o'clock he started
upward with a truck piled high with cans.
As he approached the third story one of
;!ie crates struck a projection in the shafi.
Throwing the heavy truck and its load
over and knocking him to the platform
of the machine. The elevator continued
¦upward and there was no one to stop it.
Jt did Flow tip. however, when the lad's
ripht arm and head, which hung outward,
caught the timber of the floor. The boy's
body was taken to the Morgue by Depu
ties Flynn and Smith. Hip mother and
brother reside st 12 l - August alley.
The boy's death may be directly at
tributed to the negligence of the firm in
putting a person of his age and Inexperi
ence in charge of a heavy elevator. Car
riglia had been employed in the house
v.here he was killed but three days. His
brother, one year his senior, had worked
there but two weeks. A number of youths
silso employed at the place stated to the
Morgue officials that no experienced man
has been placed in charce of the elevator
and that different boye are picked for
the job at frequent intervals. The ma
chine has held a terror for many of the
rmployes and some have refused to run
it. Recently a boy had his hand cruFhed
while manipulating the rope-?.
Frank Carniglia, a fourteen-year-old
lad, was crushed to death by an elevavor
in the fruit packing house of Guegenhirrie
& Co., at IIS Davis street, last evening.
The boy's reck was caught between ihc
platform of the car and the flooring at
the third story and he strangled to death
before help could reach him. His right
arm end chest were also badly bruised.
loiuteen- Year-Old Youth, Without
Any Experience, Placed in
Charg-e of a Lift and
Is Killed.
Frank Carniglia Meets Sud
den End in Packing
Establishment.
BOY CRUSHED
TO DEATH BY
AN ELEVATOR
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 11, 1000.
40
there's a corner on the second floor
where baby reigns supreme,
a big sale of cute and
dainty things starts there to-morrow.
GOLDEN GATE
CLOAK AND SUIT HOUSE,
\ 1230-1232-1234 MARKET ST.
HEADQUARTERS FOR :
ATT
$5.00, $6.50, $7.50, $8.50. j
Black and leading Fall Shades," made first class in every re- •
ol)cGl» ¦ - - *
<t* 1 r\ r\r\ \ '.
Fine tan Kersey Jackets, lined throughout with excellent !
quality Taffeta Silk, hew Bell Sleeves, newest Fall style, '.
real value $12.50, at..... ...$10.00 \
Light tan, mode and black Kersey Jackets, made in a very '
• fetching style, high 'flaring Collars, scalloped reveres, •
Bell Sleeves, new French back elaborately stitched, ele- '
gantly silk lined, real value $20,00, our price $15.00 '
$20.00. ;
High grade Kersey Jackets, colors tan, mode, navy and
black,. very jaunty style, double-breasted, large reveres,
elaborately, satin trimmed, finest tailoring, superior qual-
ity, silk lining, real value $27.00, our price $20.00
first floor — third aisle.
a notable and entirely new display of these beautiful goods will be
ready to-morrow.
they came to us direct, right fresh from the skillful hands that gave
them their sparkle an<j twinkling brilliance, the choice of patterns is so
large that no matter what direction your fancy takes you are almost cer-
tain to find its equivalent, all are 27 inches wide, prices start at $1'.T5
a yard and end at 9*5.00
[ black spangled nets.
Market street, near Sixth, opposite Go/den Gate avenue.
first tioor — first aisle.
fashionable stationery.
take this as an invitation to come and get acquainted with a station-
ery store that is the equal of the best in all but price— the prices are lower.
finest society stationery — ruled or plain — 24 sheets of paper and 24
envelopes in neat box — each.' only Tc
Hale's rubber tipped lead pencils — the equal of any pencil on the mar-
ket at 4c — per dozen, only..... 25c
your eyes will sparkle with delight wh«n thev catch a
glimpse of these beautiful things so modestly priced, those
of you who know neckwear values best will appreciate them
most.
liberty silk and satin velour neck pieces — trimmed with
chantilly lace — also taffeta silk stock collars, with baw3
trimmed with handsome point de venise lace — either style.
each 73c
ladies' neckwear — a splendid miscellaneous lot — including
stock collars in pink, blue, lavender, cerise, cream and
black — velvet stock collars finished with cord gimps — black
velvet stock collars trimmed with three rows of gilt sou-
tache braid — and velvet stock collars in red. cerise, navy,
light blue and black, choice, each 2."»c
chiffon covered stock collars, with full cascaded chiffon
jabots trimmed with 2 rows chantilly lace, each.onlv.$1.0l)
black silk neck ruffs — made very full and finished with
long plaited ends, each 9O.OO down to 91*23
women's neckwear.
this department, always good, gets better with its grow-
ing popularity, to-morrow we start a _§ale of tambour
scarfs and. centerpieces— also laundry bags and shoe bags,
we have applied our most powerful value-giving energies
to make it more than an ordinary success, we' have se-
cured a good teacher to give lessons in art embroidery.
tambour doylies, in open work and embroidered all-over
designs— 6x6 and 9x9 inches— all go at, each 8c
tambour centerpieces in heavily embroidered' all-over
and open work effects— 17x17 inches, each, only. .... .21c
brown linen shoe bags —
with two pockets.: each'. .10c wjth six pockets, each.. -3c
with four pockets t each.. 10c with eight pockets. each.3Oc
embroidered laundry bags— «made of fine drilling or
brown linen — 18x27 inches — ead, only 4Oc
colored laundry bags— made of good quality colored drill-
ing", with embroidered centerpieces in floral designs — worth
75c to $1.00 each — choice G9c
apt needlework,
un.'ess you have tried it already you can
have no idea how rapid,
how accurate and how
satisfactory our mail order department is.
+ :
our candies are made in a factory that we
control, and are pure and whole-
some, we sell the finest French
chocolates and bonbons at 35c a pound.
¦
notions.
first floor — second aisle,
little things of immense importance at
trifling prices, just a few reminders —
ladies' black gored belt hose support-
ers, with felt button catch, per pair.20«?
hairpin cabinet?, containing an as-
sortment of black and white metal pins,
invisible, and three styles of heavy wire
hair pins — each «5c
six-yard pieces of white cotton finish-
ing braids in a large variety of patterns
— each 5c
white bone casing, in six and nine
yard pieces — each 2o
shell braid clasps — 3 inches long —
each 7c
empire combs with plain and fancv
tops — 4 inches wide, each 1 !)«.'
on the mezzanine
floor.
you will find a thoroughly up-to-date hairdress-
ing and manicuring department in charge of Mr.
and Mrs. A. F. Cosg-ove, who are assisted by
skillful, painstaking and courteous artists. . at the
tables there is running water and every new in-
vention for manicuring, there is , a -hairdressing
room, a hair-treating room, a shampooing room
and private rooms, the department has a south-
ern exposure and has the sun all day- 1 — no little
method gray and* blonde hair is made soft and
beautiful without injury, have you seen the new Marcel undulat-
ing? it's the latest Paris way of dressing the hair, ladies' mani-
curing and hairdressing. except the Marcel, 25c at the department,
hairdressing, except the Marcel, at your home, 91-*>O«
advantage to a hairdressing department, by our
Stylish kersey box coats, in the popular 26 inch
length, made with velvet collar and bishop sleeves —
lined with satin and handsomely stitched — colors
castor and royal blue, price 9 J 4.OO
silk velour eton and blouse jackets — lined with
guaranteed satin and elaborately trimmed with
braids and appliqued jets — prices ranue from $37. so
down to J?22. oO
sew style mackintoshes — made with separate
skirts and capes, of all-wool plaid lined covert cloth
and finished with inlaid velvet collar — price.. 9S.5O
three-quarter kersey automobiles, in tan and castor
— made with medici collar, bell sleeves and broad
taihrjr stitched cloth straps — satin lined through-
out, price .....92O.OO
elegant blouse and fancy jacket suits, reflecting
the latest fashion ideas of the advancinc season — all
have the popular seven or nine gore skirt — colors
tan. castor and brown — prices range from 9"«"».00
down to 915.OO
military mackintoshes — made of tan mixed plaid
lined cloth — guaranteed waterproof, price... 97.5O
there is a certain air and style, coupled with goodness, about them that make all of our ready-
to-wear garments different and better than the ordinary — a harmony of material, trimming and fin-
ish that is only secured by infinite pains, few makers reach the high standard that we require, we
are particular folks and it tcok us a long time to find manufacturers who could suit us. the result of
our patience and endeavor is rewarded by your appreciation of the stocks we have gathered, every
day bringjs • something new to enrich the display, some prices and values below. the beautiful
opera capes — don't miss seeing- them.
second floor — take elevator.
the new and decidedly desirable in
women's ready=to=weap garments,
Thanksgiving sale of silverware, cutlery, crockery and glassware.
third flcor-easily reached by three large elevators.
every goodness and prettiness that expert designers can give is here — and a big touch of economy besides, you
can spend a whole day in these departments and see a new value every minute.
William Rogers' nickel plated tea-
spoons, set of 6 only 40c 1
silver plated table knives, set o£ 6
only . . . 1 75c
Rogers Bros.' 1847 satin finish tabUi
knives— set of 6 only. 91*75
Rogers Bros.' 1847 satin finish, carv- (
ing sets — shell pattern — each. . . .9'*«»»O
Rogers' 1847 satin finish teaspoons — «
Windsor pattern — set of 6 only. . ;$jLiO0 <
fire polished glass celery holders — a
clever imitation of fine cut glass — each 1
......... .23c- {
fire polished imitation cut elass cran-
jerry bowls — 9 inch size, each 3Cc
fire polished small cranberry dishes —
Der dozen t>2c
fire polished glasses — j?ood imitation
rut glass— per dozen .74c
wine glasses— all styles and all sizes — ;
it prices ranging from 9"*OO a dozen '
lown to 4Oc
two-pitce carving sets — a long way
letter tl)«Mi the price would indicate^—
;ach 95c
two-piece carving sets — made from
the finest grade of steel— 8 inch size-
each, only $1.50
French china dinner sets of 107 pieces
— beautifully decorated — only .92O.G5
handsomely decorated dinner sets of
44 pieces— only 93.87
decorated dinner sets of 100 pieces —
heavily stippled with zold — onlv-99.05
semi-porcelain turkey platters — 19
inch size — each 80c
white, semi-porcelain plates— 0 inch
size, per dozen 91>05
our annual Thanksgiving sale of linens starts tomorrow.
a feast of flax for the* frugal.
V . first floor — first aisle.
gobblers of bulging embonpoint will be the center pieces on millions of table* when Thanksgiving
dinner is announced, the pleasure of their consumption will be delightfully heightened if the linen and table
appointments are fresh and spotless, small need for us to dwell upon our preparations to meet your heavy de-
mands, for linens are one of the strong features of this great business and the talent for selling thsm at tho
lowest prices is one of our distinctions, the linen experts entrusted with the providing of the stocks for this
annual event have gathered with prodigal hands from the bsst looms of Ireland, Scotland and Germany, they
happily found manufacturers everywhere eager to give the new store their best at confidential prices and we
in turn have priced them closer to the cost of production than for any previous sale, the quotations that follow
stand for great worth and extreme value, but they merely hint at the splendid completeness of the stock and
the saving possibilities, a personal visit will better demonstrate to you our linen supremacy—come.
pure linen bleached table damasks —
a direct importation of three hunded
and fifty pieces, this abbreviated list bv
no means represents ithe importance of
this offering — '
60 inches wide, per yard. . .S9c
62 inches wide, per yard. . .5Oc
72 inches wide, per yard... 75c
napkins in the popular dot
pattern— size 22x22 inches — value $2.00
a dozen — only $1.5O
turkey red tablecloths — 8-4 size — value
$1.00 each — only 7f>i*
extra heavy all-linen table damask-
new and pretty patterns — two yards
wide — well worth $1.25 a yard — onlv
91.OO
pattern damask cloths and napkins to
niatch-'-beautifully finished eroods in a
great variety of patterns, 'including lily,
fleur-de-lis. nasturtium, chrysanthe-
mum, wild rose, dot and other jrraceful
designs, every price is below the gen-
erally accepted retail market-value.
2-yard cloths, each 1 ...
2^-yard cloths, each '
«7.r»o. $::.r»o and $2.40
3-yard cloths, each
.?O.OO. 94.25 and 92.OO
3^4-yard cloths, each .'
.......... $10.50, .fS.50 and 93.25
4-vard cloths, each
. . . .'. 912.OO down to $5:50
napkins to match, per dozen 91O**M*
down to 9—«25.
all linen bleached table damask— extra
fine — exceptional values
72 inches wide, per yard 91.OO
72 inches wide, per yard $1.25
X napkins, to match, per doz..$3.3O
Yx napkins to match, per doz..?4.00
.better grades of damask, per yard
-- ....$! .50, 92.00 and 93.OO
bleached table damask — all pure linen
—two yards wide— regular 65c goods-
only ouC
all linen roller toweiine — an extra
heavy quality and a great water drinker
17 inches wide, per yard. .lie
18 inches wide, per yard.. 15c
birdseye, towels with hemmed ends
size 16x32 inches — value I2 x / 2 c each
only 10c
soles at Hale's new store
• A 11 LA 1111 K^f 1 1111 K-y LJL 1 KU K.S Ul XX KJL 1 \^J kJ 1 X L-4 1 A Kj L KJ 1 \^J
Hale's.
Hale'8.
Hale's.
Hala's.
Hale's.
Hale's. /
/A
.-^v*
u T£l'E CREDIT HO USE" j
Six Stems High \
Of daily use and should
be a daily pleasure — your
Dresser; the mirror large
enough to reflect the toil-
et at a glance; the draw-
ers deep and roomy —
This one of solid, Golden Oak; the.
two top drawers with swell fronts.
Swinging, bevel - plate mirror 24x30
inches. Broad, neatly shaped top.
Well made and finished §10.85
Cushion Comfort
The Drapery Department is full of It.
Soft, well made cushions with cheery,
flowered covering, deeply flounced, for
50 cents. A solace for a weary head.
Nothing like cushions to make these
long winter evenings at home even-
ings of comfort.
A Bellairc Rug for $1
Thick and soft. Bright, flowered
patterns alike on both sides. Variety
In colors to match your carpet. 62x30
inches with fringed ends. A Rug
you would like. $1.00
Free Delivery. Or.kl»r.i. AUmeda, Berkeley
I M. FRIEDMAN & CO.
¦ (Incorporated)
; 233-235-237 Post St Open Evenings
%^^^^M)% fftiefad- qf ibeseasoiii
It' ipv*"^lf II- We've several hundred in nob- x :|
Vfv yp^^W\ by, chic, Ready-to-Wear effects jl
lP/^^ 1 •"•53^ >lt- ~~ artisticall y trir nmed with Pug- |
lf^' \^^^^^r. 4 V- £^ ee bands and swell sashes. : .
Iff*' : iS2'' iViondciy Only 4
vt '¦ J I\LjEJ^Jo7) \^ 1$ ' WC p ! ace our , en t""e line of : \
\i(^^^^^m°"\^r stitched hat r* on sale at $ x each - 1
JrW^S^I 0 1 4v Reg" 11^ prices range from $1.75 \
li< fts^lli^MF 3V : to $ 2 -5° eacn - All new season's J
\v /£P^> 7 \^\ :fr Come expecting to save money "If
IV. y i')ol^j^/jJ It — you'll not- be disappointed. \
\^WML%\ ;TKe ¦"".', \
It %#^ t i^illliver^ Go,