The Democratic; Impostor Chooses a Notorious
¦Enemy of Union Labor as Publisher of
His Profitable Books/
BRYAN IGNORES THE PROTEST
OF UNION WORKMEN AND FILLS
HIS PURSE BY CHEAP LABOR
the face of a protest from union labor.
These books have" been" prihte^Tand issued
by a 'firm- which, has been liT
opposition to union' labor and which has
devoted great sums of money to an effort
to destroy all organizations of labor.
' Yet Bryan has made. most of his money
through the employment of cheap labor.
He has become rich because bindery girls
were forced to labor upon his books for
the miserable pittance of $1 50 a week;
because printers, pressmen and book
binders were forced to toil ' for J6 to J10
a week, in the preparation of . Bryan's
pronjises of what he would do for labor if
he 'had th© power. Organized labor has
determined to expose these facts, which
smell of the crudest deceit and double
dealing. ,
When . William Jennings . Bryan .went
home four years ago a defeated candi
date he" decided that something more suo-
Btantial than the honor of defeat should
be his and he determined to. write a book
for profit. With that foresight whicb
characterizes his financial contracts he
insisted.- upon receiving the lion's share
of the proceeds. Late In 1S96 It was an
nounced that he would write a copyright
ed book to be called "The First Battle."
The price was first fixed at $1 a copy, but
later it was raised to $1 50 a copy. It
was expected that millions of copies
would . be sold to the advantage of the
Bryan coffers and the treasury of the Xa-
(Continued on -Page Two.)
RECEIVED it 8aa Francisco* Gala.
CHICAGO, October 30, '1900.
GEO. STONE, ' x . . .
Chairman State Central Committee, \ V
. Room 184, Palace Hotel, San Francisco. v
Evidence is already appearing, that Bryani tes have arranged to
circulate from day to day till election every conceivable; report,
rumor and statement whi ch may pre jud ice: voters agains t Republ i can
candidates. The labor vote "is especially in their view, and every
resort is to be irade to arouse envy, malice and discontent among
wage-earners: , . i
Look out 'for this work. Please immediately notify your County
Chairmen; and through your State newspapers establish every safe
guard by forewarning. The f ake'd,.andt false interview with ;ex-Pres-,
ident Cleveland predicting a : landslide ",tb^i Bryan published , this
morning is but the first of their series of roorbacks arid fake
attacks upon the Republican •candidates .for . President and Yioer
President. We may expect anything, rio matter how false,' how^base
or how contemptible. ) -,\ , **; PERRY S.^HEATHlV-
, " . 'Secretary Republican Natibiial Commi ttee r
THE WESTERNmfflON TELEGRAPH COMPANY.
/ai >OQO OFFICES IN AMER1Ca' WCO CA°BLE E SERVICE TO ALL THE WORLD,
_ ttr^S^^A^S^^^I£!^^Sy t ' 00 «»<llttoa* Jlmltin* lu liability; whlc *h»»e bees ameoted to by the «eiHJ-rof the U
THPS.YT. ECKERT, President and General Manager. Vy
REPUBLICAN NATIONAL COMMITTEE
GIVES WARNING OF BRYAMTE LIES
\ William Jennings Bryan has been an
employer of labor only as a publlsner of
books. He »ays he has become rich sim
ply because people have read his books
and they did not have to read them un
less they wanted to do bo. ;¦. These books
are the product.of "scab" labor, employed
by William Jennings Bryan with a full
knowledge of what he was doing and In
Organized labor, suffering' in silence un
der, this deception, has decided at last to
expose the facts which reveal Bryan in
his private patronage, encouragement,
support and employment of cheap labor.
The facts cannot be denied, for they have
been admitted tven by United States Sen
ator Jones and by Bryan himself.
Exposes Bryan's Self-interest.
In defiance of protest Bryan has con
tinued this policy which means so much
more money, for him. He has called to
his aid the assistance of United States
Senator Jones, chairman of the Demo
cratic National. / Committee, deceive
workingmen and .misrepresent the facts.
Bryan has given his solemn promise that
he would cease his attack upon unionism
and then has given into the hands of the
enemies of unionism the weapons with
which to continue the battle. • ' .
degraded. He Jl/UJ- accepted the only 'op
portunity,, he •evctvh&d ¦> in ; his-lifo toftra
ploy? not honestly i.paid'ltbor*but*poorly
paid non-union labor,' arid his offense has
been on a scale gigantic 'enough to" call
forth a protest, from . those whose cause
he isteeking to destroy, but^ whose votes
he asks under misrepresentation and the
cheapest Of frauds.
pMHM* HE workingmen of the' United
I .* states, represented in jonej>f
.. I • most powerful organizations, have
* determined .to expose one of the
....-..•'• most gigantic and shameful ' de
ceptions which "William Jennings Bryan is
making In 1 his campaign for the Presi
dency. In all his torrent of talks Bryan
has told what he. wanted: to do- for the
workingmen of the country and 'What he
would do if he had the power. ' He has
denounced ' vigorously, persistently and
constantly the injustices of grinding em
ployers! He has given mouthing support
to unionism, high wages and honestly
paid labor. • He has drawn all sorts of
warning" lessons from low wages, non
unlonlsm and the oppression of working
men through trusts and unscrupulous in
dividuals. 1 The .very life of Bryan's cam
paign has been nourished in these repre
sentations. -
Workingmen- have listened to* these
falsehoods until silence is no longer bear
able. While Bryan has been shouting his
wish to help union labor and encourage,
the honest associations of worklngmen he
has been patronizing and employing non
union workmen, giving into the hands of
non-union employers the money, and the
power with which to fight organized labor.
.While Bryan, the agitator, has been de
nouncing the employers of cheap labor he
has been receiving the money which came
to him as the profits of cheap labor.
. While he has been pointing out the hor
rors of a degradation of American work
ingmen he has been growing rich through
the schemes by which American^ labor is
SECRET INDORSEMENT GIVEN BY UNITED STATES SENATOR JONES. CHAIRMAN OF THE NATIONAL.
DEMOCRATIC COMMITTEE, TO " A BOOK OF BRYAN'S WRITINGS, PUBLISHED BY A NOTORIOUS
. ENEMY. OF. UNION LABOR AND PRINTED!' AND BOUND BY. PAUPER LABOR.
ROCHESTER. N. T.. Oct. 30.— When the
Roosevelt train arrived here to-day the
party found great crowds at the sta
tion and both halls and a splendM greet
ing was accorded to the Vice Presidential
candidate. There was an immense pa
rade of clubs and business men's associa
tions and both auditoriums where Gov
ernor Roosevelt spoke were filled to over-
Sowing. There was an enthusiastic gath
ering at Corning, the home of the club
that was assaulted at Elmira last night.
The only unpleasant incident of the day
ot-curred at Geneva, where 2000 persons
assembled at an open-air meeting to hear
Go\-ernor Roosevelt at 5 o # 'clock this even
ing. The Governor, however, spoke under
difficulties, for soon after he began he was
interrupted by cheers for Bryan, followed
by hisses, cat-calls and all sorts of de
risive jeers. He did not pay any attention
to it at first, but as the disturbance *rew
greater he turned about and faced the
"disturbers and appealed to them to at
least preserve order If they did not hap
l»en to agxre with what he said.
"So Democratic speaker," he said, "has
ever been greeted in this manner by Re
publicans, and you and your party are the
only sufferers by such conduct."
The only thing that was intelligible from
the stand wa« '•Hurrah for Bryan!"
"Why?" said the Governor. "Because
ho is for Dick Croker? Because he is
tfraid to say what he would do. about
free silver? Does the gentleman say 'Hur
rah for Bryan' because he wants to haul
dovn thi flag? Is that the reason he says
'Hurrah for Bryan T
"Now. gentlemen," continued the Gov
ernor, raising his voice so as to be heard
rbove the turbulent cries which still con
tinued, "I want to say one thing to you
here. There is one thing more important
than any difference of policy among
A merlcans, and that Is the keeping of our
own self-respect. Whenever you see a
party that tries to interrupt a public
Fr^aker you may be sure it Is because
they dare not hear the truth. Mr. Bryan
enmes to this State, and I am proud, to
j-^c h*^ is listened to with respectful at
tontion wherever he goes, no matter how
much he may differ with; you In opinion.
The -worst reflection that can be cast upon
the followers of Mr. Bryan Is cast upon
them by their own action when they try
to break up an orderly meeting and try to
interrupt free speech, and when they do
it they hurt no one but themselves. Gen
tlemen," continued the speaker, "I appeal
to you for the honor of the flag."
But he was interrupted by renewed
ehouts of "Hurrah for Bryan!"
"Gentlemen," said the Governor. "I
want you to reflect what a poor showing
you make when you try to interrupt an
appeal to the flag."
This remark caused the noise to dimin
ish somewhat, but it soon renewed and
continued until the Governor finished his
rrmarke.
"Do you hurrah for Bryan because he
¦would haul down the flag?" asked the
Governor. More hisses and cat-calling
followed until there was utter confusion.
Attempts to restore order only called
forth more yelling. The Governor con
tinued his talking between times until it
vas time for his train to pull out. When
he t=tart«*d for it a crowd surged around
him. yelling for Bryan, jeering and.en
<Jcavorir.g to prevent him from boarding
h'.s train. It took the efforts of all the
police present to effect a passageway so
that the Governor could get to his train.
At Oanandalgua. where a good-sized
crowd had gathered despite the fact that
It was raining and the train was a half
hour late, the Governor addressed his
audience on the subject of prosperity and
on the trust question. He said:
"Prosperity, like this rain, falls upon
the Just and the unjust. It is falling upon
the just at this moment, .but still it Is
falling upon the unjust, as Mr. Bryan is
making a tour of the State."
It was after 9 o'clock when the Gover
nor's train rolled into Rochester. The
Governor proceeded at once to the halls
where the speaking was to take p*lace.
He discussed in the general way that he
has at other points the trusts and im
perialism and made a new issue here, an
swering In a certain way Mr. Croker*s
allusion to the lack of opportunity for
young men in this country. He said in
part:
•There has been much talk, and I fear
by no means sincere talk, on the part of
our antagonists recently to the effect that
the young man has now little chance in
•work. Well, gentlemen, most of us here
In this meeting who are of middle-age
have sons, and when this is the case it
may be set down as certain that we are
deeply concerned as to the future wel
fare of those sons. I ask every father
her* to answer to himself the question
whether he would prefer his boy to start
In life with the prospect of Bryanism
ahead of him or with the prospect of the
continuance of the present policies.
Merely to put the question in this way
le enough to show the absurdity of the
claim made by our opponents.
"Bryanlsm means widespread and far
reaching business calamity and disaster,
and therefore it necessarily means grind
ing poverty for the many, and even* for
the few more fortunate anxiety and.busi
ness disaster.
"It is a mere axiom that a young. man's
rhancee are best in a community where
there is general prosperity. It is equally
an axiom that in a time of great business
depression a young man's business
chances are at a minimum. As a matter,
of fact, there is no other country in -the
world to-day which begins to offer the
chmscea to yovr.c men that America of-
fers. The very combinations of corpo
rate wealth of which such bitter and in
some cases just complaint is made have
at their heads men who, in ninety-nine
cases out of a hundred, started as young
men with little but their own energy and
brains to help them.
"Undoubtedly the extraordinary devel
opments of corporate wealth and ' great
concentrations, not alone in capital, but
in population, of the last generation, have
produced serious problems— problems
which will tax the skill of the wisest
legislator, but all of which we are in
honor bound to try to solve. I believe
that much can be done, both to better the
condition of the wage-worker and to les
sen some of the undoubted abuses of cor
porate wealth. I will stand shoulder to
shoulder with any man who in good faith
works along reasonable lines toward these
ends, but I will take part in no crude and
vicious efforts to reform all inequalities
of prosperity by destroying all prosper
ity. This is precisely what Mr. Bryan and
his associates propose to do.
"There are many ways in which our
civic and social conditions can be bet
tered, but such betterment can be brought
about only by honest, kindly, resolute
facing of facts and seeking remedies, not
by indiscriminate denunciation and pan
dering to evil associations for political
gain."
CLEVELAND'S VIEWS.
Former President Did Not Say There
Would. Be a Landslide for Bryan.
PRINCETON, N. J T . Oct. 30.— Grover
Cleveland was Indignant when he learned
that he had been quoted as having pre
dicted a landslide for Bryan. The discred
ited statements were printed In large type
on the first page of the Philadelphia
Times. A special correspondent. of that
paper, signing the initials "B. J.B.," de
clared that the former President had ex
pressed the belief that r McKlnley would
not .be re-elected. The reasons assigned,
among others, were that union labor Is on
Bryan's side, the traveling 'talesmen are
now with him and many Hollanders .'In
the West and Northwest- are opposed 'to
McKlnley on account of his attitude dur
ing the Boer war. ¦ ,.
"When Mr. Cleveland's attention ' was
called to these allegations this afternoon
he said: "It is an unmitigated falsehood-*
a lie from, beginning to end. Make ijy
denial unqualified and as emphatic as pos
sible. It cannot be too strong. ' Why,'. 1
would not be fool enough' to say such
things; they do not represent my. senti
ments." ¦ •; '•¦_ ¦ v:~'- -; •¦;¦
The Interviewer mentioned his brief
note to his former Postmaster.'General.
Don M. Dickinson.
"Yes, my record is there," remarked Mr.
Cleveland. "Dickinson communicated with
me, and in reply I said substantially that
my sentiments had not changed since I
made that speech. Some one had the en
terprise to look up the speech.- While I
do not say that what is now published is
exactly what I said, I may say that if the
speech is correctly quoted it contains my
views as they then ¦were and as they now
are. It is a part of my record, and I have
no desire to change it."
Mr. Cleveland was informed that it was
reported in Princeton that the alleged in
terview had been written or inspired by
an elderly man who had spent a few days
at the Nassau Hotel, Mia who had actu
ally called upon him and seen him. '
"Do you recall the person who told you
that he was from Nebraska?" was asked.
"Well," said the former President,
"there was a decrepit old creature at my
house the other day. He represented that
he was from Nebraska and a great friend
of J. Sterling Mbrton. On Mr. Morton's
account I received him, and we chatted
possibly ten minutes— no more. He was
very deaf. I spoke to him about Mr. Mor
ton's attitude in the present campaign and
he did not seem to know anything about
It. .So I concluded that there must be
something wrong and he could scarcely
be as intimate with Mr. Morton as he
wished to appear, and I cut the conver
sation short." ¦
AROUSING CLASS HATRED.
Bryan and His Managers Realize
Their Issues Have Failed.
CHICAGO. Oct. 30.— Chairman Hanna
said to-night it was evident to him that
the Bryan managers had abandoned every
issue to arouse class hatred and create
suspicion as to the honesty of the elec
tion. V'/£'
"It is not mere coincidence that Bryan,
Croker, Jones and Carter Harrison should
all break loose at the same time' to taik
about election frauds," he said. "Croker
is quoted in the morning papers as ad
vising the Democrats in every election
precinct to remain at the polling place
after the election,, count noses and then,
if the Judges of election did not make the
returns that agreed -vlth the count, to
go into the polling place and throw the
judges into the street.
"At the same time Jones and Harrison
gave out bombastic statements here in
Chicago about preparation to compel the
Republicans to give a fair count of the
returns. I say these things" did not hap
pen as a mere coincidence. They bear
all the evidence of a plain understanding
between Croker and the Democratic '.lead*
eers in Chicago. These things are the de
velopment of Bryan's campaign of hate,
which he began at Salem. 111., three weeks
ago, when he charged that the Republi
cans were determined to secure the elec
tion of their candidate .by. -corrupting
voters and by coercion and fraud.
Bryan Followers Create a D5sterib=
ance at Geneva by JiLoodlym
An Immense Parade of Clubs and
Great Outpouring off the r.;;. :
• ' .*..*'¦
TT^V 1 _ ,' ¦ • ¦ " ' ¦ " '¦' '
ROCHESTER GREETS
GOVERNOR ROOSEVELT
LONDON, Oct. 3L-A widespread tribal
revolt, says the Tangier correspondent of
the Daily Mail, has broken out in Mo
rocco • against the provincial Governor'*.
Serious fighting is anticipated.
The French are preparing an expedition
to suppress Moorish bandits, who nrw
active in. the. Algerian Hinterland.
Natives Are Dissatisfied With the
Provincial Governors.
The H. Bischoff was of 270S tons gross.
She was built In 1S6S at Glasgow and was
owned by H. Bischoff & Co. of Bremen.
TRIBAL REVOLT IN MOROCCO.
HAMBURG, Oct. 3a— The German ship
H. Bischoff, which left Caleta Buena,
July- 2 for this port, has been wrecked
at Grosser Vogelsand at the entrance of
the Elbe. A boat containing eight of the
crew put off from the vessel, and another
boat, in which were four t men, left the
lightship for the purpose of rendering as
sistance. Both of these boats are missing
and have been given up for lost.
Crew Missing.
Two Boats Containing Twelve of the
GERMAN SHIP WRECKED
CAPE TOWN, Oct. SO.— General Brabant.
wh'o has been appointed to superintend
the recruiting of the Cape Irregular forces,
appeals to the men to come forward, al
leging that finder present condition? any
thing like a general return of refugees is
Impossible.
CRADDOCK. Cape Colony. Oct. 30.— The
Dutch, church is the only building left
standing in Botha\ille. owing, it is said,
to the -strong British measures.
' More Boer • women ' have been deported
from Jagersfontein. They were sent to
Bloemfonteln. where they are Imprisoned
with others a few miles outside th© city.
Measures With Respect to
Bothaville.
British Officers Adopt Very Stern
DUTCH CHURCH ONLY
BUILDING LEFT STANDING
LEXINGTON, Ky.. Oct. 3O.-James B.
Ferguson. th*e noted starter, was oper
ated on to-day and the bullet removed
from his spine which had rested therj
twenty years.
The little mass of lead was found by
t means of the X ray. Professor M. L.
Pence of the State College, by getting two
exposures of the bullet on the same plat?,
was. by means of triangulatlon, enabled
tq locate the exact position and deter
mine the depth.
- Ferguson bore up well under the op
eration, but in his weakened physlcal^ron
dltion may not rally. The bullet was im
bedded in his body in a shooting affray
with Captain A. J. May in 1SS0.
of Photograph Taken With
the X-Hay.
BULLET IS BEHOVED
FROM FERGUSON'S SPINE
Pellet of Lead Was Located by Means
The force of the explosion was so great
that It blew down a great section of the
roof. .
The accident was due to an employ©
who diverted the air course unwittingly
and allowed the gas to accumulate in the
place where the men were at work.
. When these men were brought to the
surface by the rescuers their skin hung
in shreds from their bodies. Th« work
of rescue was dangerous, as afterdamp
had accumulated. The first rescuing
party that went down into the mine was
driven back and two men In the party
had to be carried out
WILKESBARRE. Pa., Oct. 30.— A heavy
explosion of gas occurred on slope No. Z
of No. 1 shaft of the Kingston Coal
Company at Edwardsvllle at 3 o'clock
this afternoon in which three men lost
their lives and six others were badly
burned. Five of the six Injured are in
a precarious condition and It is doubtful
if they can survive. The names of the
dead are: y
PETER USOVIGE. . \
FRANK MACKALOHSKL ]
JOHN DOLAN. j
Those believed to be fatally injured are-.
Michael Gatorski. Adam Lotoskl. Andrew
Ratoouklski. John Bucho and David
Evans.
Fatally Injured in Shaft of
Kingston Company.
Five Men Killed and Five Others
EXPLOSION OF GAS
OCCTTES JUT JUNE
NEW TORK, Oct. 30.-AU the efforts of
the authorities are now directed to clean
ing away the ruins of the Tarrant and
other buildings wrecked by the great ex
plosion of yesterday In the desire to find
how many bodies are buried in them and
to ascertain the cause of the explosion.
The efforts of the searchers for the dead
were rewarded to-day* by the finding of
the remains of H. C. A. Sci.mldt of Brook
lyn, and the discovery of what seem to
be the bodies of three other people.
Schmidt was an engraver and had an of
fice on the first floor of 101 Warren street.
The body could be seen pinned down un
der a mass of twisted, iron, but could not
be got out to-night. .The identification was
made by a nephew of Schmidt.
At the northwest corner of the Tarrant
building, at Warren and Greenwich
streets, a mass of clothing and indiscrim
inate articles was discovered, and the
mass was said to be the bodies of three
people. . The firemen' went to work with
a will, and to-night brought to light a
portion of a woman's foot and the top of
a erushed-In skull. The skull had long
brown hair attached and is supposedly
that of a woman.
During the day Superintendent Dooner
had .a very large force of men working as
hard as possible tearing down piles of de
bris and removing it. The flre burned all
day, and toward night was practically to
the end of the mass of debris at Wash
ington and Warren streets. The flre ex
tends back some distance and is burning
fiercely.
One hundred and eighty patrolmen un
der Captain Westervelt and InsrSctor
Brooks were stationed at the ruins at 6
o'clock, relieving the day force. Both In
spector Brooks and Captain Westervelt
were skeptical over the reported largo loss
of life. . They both said they did not ex
pect more than four or five bodies would
be found in the ruins.
Playing, on the still burning ruins were
four engines, and they kept their streams
going continuously.
A revised list made to 12 o'clock to-night
shows thirty persons still mTssing. .
At- 10:30 o'clock a portion of a human
trunk, probably, the abdomen, was dug
out, and a little later a' brown canvas
coat. There was nothing in the pockets
but four quill toothpicks. Still later the
firemen .found another portion of a skull
and a portion of a human back. Just be
fore midnight a workman found a black
cheviot coat in the exact spot where the
human remains were found. In the pock
ets were 4 cents and an application for
membership in the West End Republican
Club. Shortly afterward in the same place
an unrecognizable mass of human flesh
was found. A half-foot was also found in
this place.
Dr. Cromer of the Health Department,
who examined the remains, said they were
probably all from the same person, as
were the foot and a portion of a skull
found earlier. The remains were all found
in the Tarrant building.
Following Is a revised list of the miss
ing:
Philip Amand, cigar-maker; James Al
ken; Mary Bradley, employed In printing
office: Ira C. Barnes, egg dealer; Francis
Barnes, egg candler: James Cruger. em
ployed as packer; Kate Callaghan. em
ployed, by Tarrant & Co.; Isaac Cohen,
truck driver: Mrs. Ella M. Cable; Millie
Golden, employed by Tarrant & Co.;
Thomas Harriet, employed by Tarrant &
Co.; William Halsey, employed in egg
store; Patrick Hennessey, worked for Ep
ptns. Smith & Weymann: Joseph Multier;
Benjamin Moorehouse, clerk for Tarrant
Si Co.; Julia Murphy, worked in Warren
street; Hamilton Matthews, truck driver;
Harry Moore; Joseph Natalie, kept &. res
taurant opposite Tarrant's; Jules Oppen 1
helm, employed by Landrteld Brothers;
Frederick Field, . plumber; Mary Busch,
employed by . Tarrant & Co. ; H. Smith,
worked in confectionery store; .George
Sulker, egg dealer; Abraham Stein;
George Scuck. employed in Tarrant &
Co.'s laboratory; Mary Smith, employed
bv Tarrant & Co.; Jennie ' Smith, em
ployed by Tarrant & Co*; James Wilkin
son, employed by department of street
cleaning:
Victor Hugo Mathusek, the piano man
ufacturer, is safe and uninjured.
Charles Francis Buckley, son of the pro
prietor of the Home Made Hotel, said to
day ¦ that when the explosion occurred
twelve men and women, known , as the
"nfght shift," were asleep on the top floor
of the hbteK .There were also many men
and women who -live out of the city who
were registered at the hotel. No one in
New Tork knows whether these patron*
escaped -or not, because few if any of
them have relatives or friends here.
Of • the employes who were asleep th*
women were Irish and German girls who
have recently come to this country. They
have no friends, no home outside of the
hotel and there Is no one to Inquire for
them if they are missing.
Far Into the night while the work of
digging continued hundreds of 'men, wo
men arid children 'with anxious faces
pushed against the police* lines and begged
admittance. The bureau of Information
established at the Leonard street station
was nothing to these anxious folk. The
promise made them by the sergeant to let
them' know when there was news, either
good or' bad, did not satisfy their grief.
All through' the day and into /the wet
night these anxious* men, women and chil
.dren stood, growing more anxious as time
passed. " • " . ; I . ¦
:''jTt.was the conviction to-day of not only
FlrV Chief Croker and Chief Murphy, but
also ,-of * Thomas '.T.' Main, ¦ president. . and
W. C. Allen, treasurer of Tarrant & Co..
that the tremendous explosion was caused
by gases generated from chemicals by
the heat of the flre. There was one Im
portant point of difference, however. The
officers of Tarrant & Co. declared they
did not have stock In sufficient quantities
of chemicals of any explosive character
to cause the great damage. Their con
tention la that the fire cauaed all of their
varied stock of drugs to vaporize and that
the resultant gas did the stupendous work
of destruction. The flre department offi
cials do not believe that " the ordinary
stocks of drugs and chemicals of a whole
sale druggist could under any condition
develop an explosive force- capable of
hurling: a steel and stone seven-story
building Into the air and crumbling: up
five other big buildings. The theory Is
gaining ground that the explosion was
caused by the action of waters and other
chemicals on a great quantity of chlorate
of potash stored in the building.
Police Say Oinly Four or, Five Per
sons Perished, but Thirty Are
i • *i "i Tin* •
Parts of Bodies of Victims Poland
at Scene of .New York's
DELVING IN THE RUINS
OF WRECKED BUILDINGS
SAN FRANCISCO; WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 31, 1900.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXVIII-NO. 153.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.Continued From First Page. \
BRYAN IGNORES THE PROTEST OF UNION WORKMEN
". 5000 voters have proclaimed the best above all
the ' ' 'American'; i clear Havana ' c I gar. ':¦.; •
Stops the Cough
And works off the cold. Laxative Bromo-Qul
n'.ne Tablets cure a cold In one day. Ho cure,'
S«ftf. 'Prict 25 ceota." •—"••' *-*'¦-
hi Judgment for $2500 damages In favor; of
Minnie ;.HllIebrand;. as .-_ administratrix • of
the estate of the late Minnie B: McClellen;
and { against ; the » Standard ; Biscuit >.' Com
pany was found by a Jury In Judge Hunt's
court' yesterday : afternoon. .= On " February
7 last Miss McClellen was killed by a fall
down 4 an elevator shaft In the ¦ defendant
corporation's Pacific-street establishment
Suit r< for -'damages' against the company
was instituted by . Minnie Hillebrand. as
administratrix of her • estate, 1 it being
claimed ; that s the company was ¦ responsi
ble, for* the; accident. ,:¦ '. . -¦
Must i Pay for : Girl's Death.
NEW YORK, Oct. 30.— The application
of Frank Juarbe, a Porto Rican, for a
peremptory writ of mandamus directing
the Board of Registry to register htm as
a voter on the ground that he became an
American citizen by virtue of the cession
of 9orto Rico by Spain to the United
States, has been denied by Justice Frled
rnsn In the Supreme Court.
Justice Friedman says in -his decision
that tbe treaties taking over the island of
Porto Rico did not make inhabitants of
the island citizens of the United States,
but. on the contrary, left the decision of
their civil rights and their political status
to future action of Congress,- which has
6ot yet acted. ' ,
of Civil Sights.
POETO EICAN CAJTT VOTE,
Congress Has Not Yet Fixed Question
Evidences of .-Murder.
- N-OBL.ESVIL.L.E. ind., Oct. 30.— An un
known man was found dead near this city
to-day on the Lake Erie and Western
Railroad tracks. The body* was naked
ana the throat was cut, the head crushed
one f 00^ amputated and. hl» arms broken.'
i 1 ¦'}* iJ? llev «d he was murdered - and hia
body thrown on" the .tracks. \: ¦" -
NEW YORK, Oct. 80.— Eugene V. Debs,
candidate for President on the Social
Democratic ticket, spoke at Cooper Union
to-night to an audience that filled the
peats and crowded the aisles. The rush
at the doors in getting in was so violent
that women were more or less roughly
handled. The audience comprised almost
as many women as men. Mr. • Debs was
accompanied by his wife and two: other
ladles and was welcomed with tumultuous
applause. . .
The speaker referred to the recent ccal
strike in the anthracite region of Pennsyl
vania, where the mine owners, he charged,
fix the rate of wages. Continuing, he
said: .
"Let me ask both parties what they will
do to rescue the wage-earners from serf
dom? No matter, whether the Democrats
or the Republicans win, there will be no
change In the condition of the "laborer.
In a few years longer the* middle class,
what's left of it, will; be in the working
class. The era- of small production 1 ha»
gone. If you have a few thousand dol
lars left the best you can do is to invest
It in Socialist propaganda.'-' ' /
In the concluding part of : his '< speech
Mr. Debs said: • •
"I would scorn to hold public office. We
want only the votes of those who; are in
telligent enough to know what they ar«
voting for.' Free yourselves before you
free the Filipinos. " You are the property
of your masters.- Capital owns the tools"
and the tools own you. ; If the flag Is the
symbol of elavery I defy it and if this be
treason let them make the most of It"
Last Heard From.
DEBS MAKES A SPEECH.
Candidate of the Social Democrats at
. Conspiracy: Against Labor.
;The Tribune's expose of Mr, Bryan's
connection. with the Conkey, Company was
largely responsible for the passage by the
convention of the Bandelow resolution,'in
dorsing Eugene V. Debs for President,- the
Democratic * members • of .the convention
feeling that the laboring men had but two
i candidates, -McKinley and Debs,' and ¦ as
the 1 former's » election was ' assured -.; they
could, show, their 5 adherence . to •- principle
and rebuke Mr. Bryan . by adopting the
resolution indorsing TYTm "-ffin" Ttljinilnirnfinr
The convention, largely; on the promises
made by | the Democratic managers," voted
a large sura' of , money ; to , assist ; Chicago
L nion i No. -j 16 In^ its i fight ? against ! Conkey
and . con tlnued its ; Jurisdiction V'r over* the
Hammond :. territory. :> On : August 21 every
newspaper: lniChlcago- contained- an ac
count r of ¦ an ; Indorsement given , "The Sec-'
ond Battle". ; by ; Chairman Jones } o{\ the
National ' Democratic i Committee, > and t au
thorizing its use as a Democratio cam-
Company In : Government bonds. The
profits of the employment of cheap labor
were great. --*.-•
/.The third ' book In the scab series was
now issued by the- W.,*B.- Conkey;Com
pany.; and entitled ."The -Second Battle."
It did not even; have, the union label: The
mask had been thrown away/ ~
-:On July 14, 1900, the International Typo
graphical Union,. being in session in Mil
waukee, a reporter, for the Chicago -. Tf 1
bune called attention to the fact that the
contents of "The Second Battle" -were
very largely made up of copyrighted arti
cles published In Mr. Bryan's '= '."The : First
Battle." It was so clear to the members
of the union that Mr. Bryan mu3t have
authorized the publication. of ;the book,
and was deriving financial returns from a
publication not having; the » union ~ label,
that his action was roundly, denounced by
many of the delegates,? and ¦' resolutions
were prepared to be introduced 1n the con
vention, but. the. Tribune's expose brought
the manager, of j the ¦ National ¦. Democratic
Press Bureau to Milwaukee : on . the first
train. > and * through - his • exertions * and t on
his promise that he .would have Mr. Bry
an write ¦ a ; letter denouncing Mr.' ; Conkey,
; and ahus ,, enable c the Allied ' Trades ef
fectually and thoroughly to boycott Con
key and; his publications, the resolutions
were not Introduced. '-
paign document 'This ' indorsement was
given by Senator Jones to one of Conkey's
ngents. ..The newspapers had more or less
to say about* Mr." Bryan's relations with
.the; Conkey ; Company. . When'llr. Jones
was , Interviewed concerning his action in
Indorsing .''The •-- Second Battle,", a fac
simile or which Is given, his excuse was
as .follows: -•'•I -did 1 not' give the Indorse
ment for publication; it -was for private
Use." ... * - ¦ ' : ¦
After the adjournment*of the. convention
of the International Typographical Union,
August 18,- the 'Allied Printing Trades
called upon the literary editor of the Dem
ocratic National Committee for. the letter
he . had promised to .: secure from Bryan
denouncing Conkey and his methods. They
received Instead a letter of general denial
from -Mr. ; Abbott himself and .a. further
promise ; to - have . the letter from . Bryan
"within a week." September 15 the Allied
Trades circular boycotting . Conkey ,went
to' press, but it , did not contain one
word'. ot, denunciation of Conkey from
either Bryan or Chairman Jones, and not
withstanding the fact, that the book, "The
Second Battle," contains page . after page
of^ Bryan's ¦: copyrighted ¦¦ first : book, throe
articles - being ¦;. produced verbatim, com
prising 'eighty-one pages of the book, the
Allied Trades have : been unable to secure
the promised. letter from Bryan.- 1 v": v -'
This is ; the ? story ; of William Jenning3
Bryan's friendship for American labor.^It
is : the'' friendship . which ' feeds his purse
and exposes the treachery of his tongue. ¦
It employed the cheapest of <: labor ''and'
to it Bryan turned in his choice for a pub
lisher. During 1896 the Republican Na
tional Committee . had ¦•¦ forced the • W.'. 3.
Conkey Company to unionize Its establish,
If it wanted any printing, but the
campaign being over t the ,W.B. Conkey
Company, was preparing, to .move to Ham
mond, Ind., where it could reopen a snon
union and unfair shop: ; Even , when r the
company had been union it had acted un
fairly and the campaign being over it de
termined to return to its former, policy of
cheap labor. 'And Bryan.knew all : of t this
when he chose this; company as: his pub
lisher. - • ¦ . , ; ' - . ¦¦ ¦-¦¦% '.,!•-
But he made great profits by his deal.
While he was doing this the International
Typographical Union was not Idle. An
appeal -was made to , its executive ' officers
against the outrage which • had been per
petrated upon union labor. : The executive
committee was quick to act. and the juris
„¦ diction f of. Chicago • Union . No. ; 16 : was * ex
tended to take in the town of Hammond.
'The battle between the; Conkey .: Company
?and j the ; AlllediTrades of Chicago was on
In earnest. Bryan was appealed to;- but
In vain.; The campaign wan over and-Bry
an was receiving frequent ; checks from
the Cpnkey Company. .
A" year, ago the Conkey Company, noto
riously Impudent and 1 by^ the assistance of
William Jennings 'Bryan, measurably, suc
cessful in its efforts to Injure .union labor,
issued another -book • entitled ; '.'Republic ¦ or
•Empire," by William Jennings Bryan.'Ad
ilai E.. Stevenson and others. In the Record
of July J 6, ;. 1900/^ William; E. Curtis « an
nounced that 'Bryan invested : $50,000 of ¦ his
royalty received , from ' the W. ; B.I Conkey
¦BSkdSbBtBHBfifil^HGflKHBBlHMiBtatki*
Invests Profits in Bonds.
tlonal. Democratic Committee, which was
to receive 50 per cent of the profits.
The book was • written and then cams
the selection of the publisher. There. were
thousands of union . publishers, employers
of well paid, union labor 'from 'which to
choose. But' William' Jennings Bryan
wanted none of them. It was a matter
of personal profit with him. The cheaper
the labor employed the greater.would-bo
his profits and he chose for his publisher
the \V*. B. Conkey Company of Chicago."
This firm had been. notoriously opposed to
union labor and had- fought bitterly
against honest wages.:
DUNKIRK, N\X, Oct. 30:-\Villiam J.
Bryan concluded "the. final day of his last
New York, campaign todr In this city'to
night.," He began the day at the'town' of
Addison, and spoke at the following other"
places. "• HornellsviHe, Almond, Alfred,
Andover, Wellsville. Belniont, Friendship,
Cuba,- Hinsdale, Oleon, Salamanca, -Ran
dolph, Jamestown and Dunkirk. ' All these
towns are in the. southwestern part of the
.State, and all have been etr6ngly.Repub
lican. : The meetings of the* day were gen
erally well attended and some of ihe'm
quite enthusiastic. Mr. Bryan left late
to-night on the Lake Shore road for Ohio,
expecting to begin a one-day tour of that
State with a Bpeech at Toledo to-morrow
morning at 11 O'clock. AH told he' fim
made about 110 speeches in '.this State.
Before leaving here to-night Mr. Bryan
made a brief .statement, giving his im
pressions of the .'situation in. New- York.
He said: '.
"If the reports which come from the
various counties Where polls have been
made can be taken as representing the
general sentiment throughout the State,
we have more than an even chance of
carrying the State."
Mr. Bryan's audience at Cuba was com
posed largely of men, and notwitstandlngr
that rain fell during the entire time he
was speaking he held on to the end. There
was .close, attention and frequent though
not general applause. He again discussed
the trusts and the army question, but took
occasion to explain why .the subject of
finance was not receiving more attention
at his hands. On that point he said:
"In order that no Republican may go
away and say that I did not say anything
on the money question. I want to tell
you that there are two • reasons why. we
do not spend our time talking about the
questions of 1896. The first reason is that
our platform sets forth the party's posi
tion so that everybody can go to the plat
form and find out. Just where our party
stands, but you cannot say : that of the
Republican platform. The second 1b that
press says to-day:.. The appointment of
Charles M. Hays to be president of x the
Southern Pacific Company will mark the
beginning of many important changes in
the Western railroad system as well as
in the management of the Southern Pa
cific itself. In the first place Mr. Hum
ington's aggressive and Independent policy
with reference to competitors will give
way to a more friendly spirit, and it can
be said that early steps will be taken to
renew the old traffic alliance on a basis
closely resembling a pool..
! Mr. Hays, while with the Grand Trunk
Railway, pursued a policy that was cal
culated to " make friends with Western
roads and his intimate- knowledge of the
Grand Trunk's rival, the Canadian Pa
cific, will enable him to protect the South
ern Pacific's through traffic to the Pacific
Coast without Irritating all " the other
transcontinental lines, as Mr. Huntlngton
sometimes did. - ¦
So far as . the Pacific Mail Steamship
Company is concerned it is now consid
ered likely that it may be controlled In
the joint Interest of. several: of. the big.
Western "railroads and that It will . nj
longer be used as a whip-handle by the
Southern Pacific. Such a joint control
would make for the improvement of the
business of all the railroads and all woutd
be great gainers. ¦,_..-¦ .
It is raid that Mr. Hays has been given
to understand that closer alliances be
tween the Western roads are'&ontemplat
ed, and he will manage, the Southern Pa :
cine along these lines.
In regard to the Southern Pacific itself
Mr. Hays will pursue much the »am3
policy that he has on the Grand Trunk
and Wabash. His constant aim has been
to cut down operating expenses without.
Injuring the road.
A more friendly policy toward the Atch
ison will be pursued, and It la.. expected
that there, will be some understanding be
tween the two companies as to new con
struction wherever their territory over
laps, just as In the case of the New York
Central and Pennsylvania roads. -
President Hays' Policy Said
- to ?e More Friendly
Toward Rivals/
¦ ?. —
NEW YORK, Oct. 2O.-The Mail and Ek-
WILL MAKE NEW
TRAFFIC DEALS
Republicans have done so much since
JSirti that was bad that they keep us busy
Inflicting- them for high crimes and mis
demeanors committed in the last three
years and a half, and we are not going to
abandon our contest against them on new
Issues merely because they are not pre
pared to defend* their record- of the last
three i-'ears and a half." -.
Mr. Bryan was introduced to the largo
audience which assembled at' the railroad
station to welcome," him to Wellsvllle' by
Manton Marble Wyvell. Mr. Wyvell is
a resident of Wellsville, but a student of
Cornell University. Mr. Bryan met him;
upon the occasion of his visit to Ithaca
on his tfrst tour of the. State and took
puch a fancy to the young man that-he in
vited him to make • this tour with him.
In refipondUigr to the introduction, which
was gracefully delivered, Mr. Bryan said
that he was pleased to be presented by
the young man and then he came nearer
delivering a lecture on the aspirations and
possibilities - of young manhood than to
making a political speech. He said that
he wanted this Government to be so good
that .any man in it could aspire to the
highest position in either politics or busi
ness and that he was not willing that It
should be a government for corporation
lawyers and trust magnates only.
While Mr. Bryan was speaking at Wells
ville two boys, one of them much larger
than. the other, got into a quarrel and the
large one struck the. smaller one. with his
fist. When Mr. Bryan had stopped speak
ing and the rush to shake hands had be
gun, Mr. Bryan walked across the • plat
form of the. car and called for the boy
who had received the blow, saying that he
wanted to shake- hands with a youngster
who had become a victim of the policy ot
force. The boy. seemed to forget his afflic
tion in the handshaking and when- Mr.
Bryan handed him a rose from. a bunch
held In Mrs. Bryan's hands his cup of Joy
seemed quite, complete. "
.-'Mr. Bryan arrived at 'Jamestown at 4:30
and a stop of about two hours was made.
Mr. Bryan made only a brief speech; but
his principal address was made at Cele
ron, three miles up Lake Chautauqua. He
was escorted to that resort by a local com
mittee. The mode of conveyance was a
trolley car. . While the trolley, trip was in
BRYAN CONCLUDES HIS
CAMPAIGN IN NEW YORK
Makes. Speeches- on Many Subjects, Tells Why He Avoids
V. the "Money Question, and Makes an Appeal forV
progress a heavy rainstorm came' up, and
when Mr. Bryan alighted from the car he
found himself .in; a- -very wet atmosphere.
He was ; soon, however,- under shelter In
the .large auditorium, where he made his
speech. Thiij building holds'several thou
sand and every available bit of space was
bceupied.'V •,-"... :
Mr. Bryan w'as enthusiastically received
-whpn he entered the hall, and the s.peech
was frequently applauded as it progressed.
He" began with U discussion of the ques
tion of prosperity, denying' that there la
a general prosperity, as has been claimed.'
• On thut subject : h« said In part:.
"Go to your sweatshops if you will and
talk of prosperity to those who work
there. Do it if you 1 will, and talk pros
perity to a laboring man who has to send
his boys and girls away from home when
they ought to be In school! Talk to him
about prosperity. \*ou want to keep con
ditions Just as they are. Why, condition*
to-day are such that, the men who pro
duce wealth are getting each year a Ie3s
percentage of the wealth they produce
while the speculator is getting a "larger
and larger share of the country's wealth."
Giving his remedy for trusts, Mr. Bryan
said he. would take the tariff off of every
trust-made ¦ article as one means of pre
venting the formation of trust combina
tions. "But here," he said, "you have
been in favor of protection. Tour votes
show that your country has been largely
devoted to a protective tariff. But - how
can any man defend a protective tariff
when a trust hides behind It and plunders
the American citizen and' then treats for
eign nations more kindly than the home
country?" .
In closing Mr. Bryan said: "I believe
from what I have seen in this State that
the Democracy of this State are united
for victory. You have up here in this sec
tion your distinguished ex-Senator, "and it
is not necessary for me to make a speech
in the . parts of the State where Mr. Hill
has dlscqpsed the issues of the campaign.
You will find down in New York our peo
ple are united there. In New York City,
in Brooklyn, all over this State, they are
fighting, and 'they are determined • that in
this .contest between an American idea
and a.Kuropean Idea New York shall be
omthe side of the United States and not
on the side of Europe.'!.
In the statistics given is a tabie showing
the chronological list of actions in th*
Philippine Islands from February 4, 1S39,
to June>50, 1900, together with the losses
In killed and wounded. The totals show
23 officers and 467 men killed and 147 of
ficers and 2076 men wounded.
WASHINGTON', Oct. SO.-The annual
report of Adjutant General Corbln to the
Secretary of War for the year ending
June 30, 19%, Is a compiete statistical rec
ord of the army of the United States. It
fhows that the regular army consists of
I.">3ij officers and G3.S61 enlistee men and
the volunteer army consists of 1548 officers
and 81.029 enlisted men, a gTand total of
SS.7S0, not Including the hospital corpd,
which is not counted «ib a part of the ef
fective strength of Ihe army. The" regu
lar and volunteer army at present is dU
trlbuted as follows: United States, 99S
efflcers, of whom 76 are volunteer officers,
and 18,fcS$ enlisted men, all regulars;
Alaska. 41 officers. 1CSS enllrted men;
Porto Rico, {•% officers, 2406 enlisted men;
Cuba, 2So officers. 546S enlisted men; Phil
ippine Islands, 2367 officers, €9,161 enlistel
men; Hawaiian Islands. 6 officers. 213 en
lifted men; China, W) officers, &K» men.
There are 879 volunteer enlisted men In*
Porto Rico and 30.2U0 in the Philippines.
These are the only places where volun
teer enlisted men are serving. Some staff
officers are st-rvir.g -n nearly all of the
places named. The deaths reported in the
army, both regular and volunteer, are:
United States. 14 officers. 2W men; Alas
ka, 3 men; Cuba, 7 officers, 146 men; Por
to Rico. 26 men; Hawaii. 1 officer, 4 men,
Philippine Islands, 49 officers, 1393 men;
at sea.. 3 officers, M men. Total. 74 olll
cen». 1930 men. In* seven Instances, owing
to error, offlcerB dying have been countei
twice, once as regulars and then as vol
unteers, the actual total being C7 officers
dead.
During the year there were discharged
from service 22,1'j2 men; deserted, 33S3.
The casualties in the Chinese campaign
between July 1 and October 1 were 9 of
licers and 2M enlisted men.
General Corbin commends higrhly .the
operation of poet exchanges and the
canteen, saying that the reports from tne
Philippines. Cuba and Porto Rico "indi
cate that the post exchange has become
an absolute necessity."
He eays that the total amount received
from the exchanges fo far as reports
thow amounted to ft,&15,E52, with a net
profit of J4€4.504. 1
Discussing the recruiting service for tho
regular army General Corbin says:
"Of the 19,549 accepted applicants 16.5 IS
were native-born and 3001 Tji foreign birth;
1S.649 were white, 870 colored and 30 In
dians. The enlistments numbered 15^3
and tbe're-enlistmentB 296L Excluding re
cnllstznents the prrcentaga of native-born
amoiiK the original enlistments was SS 1-3.
The reports ehow that the recruiting of
ficers making the 19,017 enlistments em
braced in the first two Items of the fore
coing list rejected C3.C91 applicants — about
7S per cent of the number seeding enlist
ment — as lacking In either legal, mental,
moral or physical qualifications; 987 of
these were rejected as aliens and 20S7 for
Illiteracy. •
Exchange.
Speaks Most Favorably of the
Canteen and the Post
ADJUTANT GENERAL
FILES HIS REPORT
Office,' where he received Lord Lansdowne
and after him the Duke of Devonshire.
In the afternoon he held the customary
reception of members of the diplomatic
eorps, among those present being M. de
Staal.-.the Russian, Embassador; Paul
Cambon, the French' Embassador; Count
von Hatzfjpldt-Wildenburg, the German
Embassador, and Mr. Choate. the United
States Embassador. ' He remained until a
late hour at the Foreign Office/ and then,
went direct to Hatfleld House. . .
There is little doubt that the Daily Tele
graph's information 'is correct. The ap
pointment of Lord Lansdowne. whose con
trol of the War Office' has been so severely
condemned, will probably cause some dis
satisfaction. ., •••. - -
Th« Times confirms the statement of
the Telegraph i that Lord Salisbury* will
give up the Foreign Office portfolio, but it
dpes not name his successor. -
LONDON, Oct. 31.— The following impor
tant announcement appears -this morning
in the Daily Telegraph: v
"We understand lhat after mature con
sideration Lord Salisbury- has jleclded to
resign the Foreign Secretaryship, -which
will be transferred' ' to the Marquis of
Lansdowne. Although th* "health of the
Prime Minister gives no cause for anxi
ety, we believe that he is largely influ
enced by the counsel cf his medical ad
visers."
Referring editorially to the appointment
of the Marquis of l.ansdown<? to the For
eign Office, the Daily Telegraph approves
It "especial!}' In vIpw of the fact that Lord
EcJlsbury's influence will still preside over
the foreign policy of Great Britain."
Lord Salisbury came to London yester
day and paid a long visit to the Foreign
Foreign Secretaryship Will Be Transferred
- '• - to the Marquis of Lansdowne. '.»¦'¦•.
.V* . • .- • ¦ ¦ .
PREMIER SALISBURY
DECIDES TO RESIGN
It is reported that McKenzie has a big
political pull in the West, and the appear
ance of Senator Davis' firm, in his behalf
In the Supreme Court indicates that the
Senator from Minnesota has been ap-
This stay of proceedings ordered by the
Supreme Court of the United States will
prevent any punishment being inflicted by
the Circuit Court of Appeals before the
3d d^y of next December., at which time
the matter will be heard and decided.
Alexander McKenzie. his sole favorite in
the distribution of fat mining receiver
ships, are the principal parties,
has reached the Supreme Court of
the United States. An application was
made recently to that tribunal by the law
firm of Davis, Kellogg & Severance of St.
Paul. Minn., for a writ of certiorari to
review the action of the Circuit Court of
Appeals, fitting in San Francisco, in or
dering the arrest of McKenzie, and the
Supreme Court has just made an order
directing the Circuit Court of Appeals to
ehow cause on the 3d day of next Decem
ber why the writ of certiorari should not
issue and why the proceedings against
McKenzie should not be quashed. A stay
of all proceedings has also been ordered
until the hearinR.
The purpose behind the application for
this writ is to prevent the punishment of
McKenzie for contempt of the order of the
Circuit Court of Appeals. He is supposed
to be on his way to San Francisco now
on the steamer Orrjron in charge of dep
uty United States Marshals sent to Nome
10 take him lnio custody.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 30.— The Nome
mining scandal. In which United States
District Judge Arthur H. Noyes and
A dispatch from Washington was re
ceived yesterday by Frank D. Monckton.
clerk of the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals, annotinclng that Receiver Alex
ander McKenzie of Nome, Alaska, hud
made application to the United States* Su
preme Court for a writ of certlorari to re
move the case of LTnderberg vs. Chipps
Into the - Supreme Court of the United
States. The court issued an order to show
cause why the writ should not issue and
set December 3 as the date for the hear
ing.
The proceeding will not at all affect the
contempt proceedings in that and othe.*
case.* In which Mr. McKenzie acted as re
ceiver by appointment of United Stat«M
District Judge A. H. Noyes. Mr. McKen
zie Is on his way to this city in custody
of Deputy United States Marshals Shelly.
Monckton and Ooorge Ilurnham, who 1 ar
rested h!m in Nome on a process citing
him before the l T nited States Circuit Court
of Appeals to chow cause why he should
not be punished for contempt for having
disobeyed an injunction of Ihe court.
It was- through his political manipula
tions that Noy*s received his appointment.
Thereupon he took up McKenzie, and im
mediately after his arrival in Alaska— on
the following Monday morning— made him
receiver of many of the valuable proper
ties in Nome.
•It is said that McKenzie got the capital
of one of the Dakotas changed in order
to furthrr the interests of a real estate
syndicate. He Is a big political manipu
lator, and evidently, .his political friends
are coming to his relief.
pealed to. It Is also safd that Senator
Hansbrough of South Dakota owes his
election to McKenzie and has also been
ready to assist him in any way.
CALL BUREAU. WELLINGTON HO
TEL. WASHINGTON, Oct. 30.— Much as
the authorities wish that the discussion of
the Indemnity tjuestlon in connection with
peace negotiations had begun. It Is said
authoritatively that this Is a matter which
has not yet been given consideration.
The lirst matter the MinlsterB and Chi
nese Commissioners in Peking are endeav
oring to settle is that, of «he punishment
of tne responsible authors of Chinese out
rages. Minister Conger and some of hla
colleagues, remembering the siege which
they experienced, are demanding blood as
expiation, and it is learned that Mr.
Conger,, is anxious to secure the head of
Prince Tuan. It is staled to-night by a
high ollicial that the United States desires
that full punishment" shall be visited upon
tnose responsible for the outrages, but the
President will be satisned should Prince
Tuan be degraded ana exiled. Germany,
however, wants Tuan 10 be oeheaded.
Steps nave not been taisen by -this Gov
ernment to ascertain tne extent of In
demnity China snail pay tne united
fctiates. The War Uepai Unent is prepar
ing to collect information as to tne cost
or the expedition to china and the amount
or Us expenses while in the empire.
Representatives of religious denomina
tions whose missionaries were killed ana
injured and missions destroyed are now .1:
PeKing conferring witn Mr. i Conger and
Mr- uocKinil. Private citizens whose
property was destroyed have submitted
claims to the State Department, but they j
have invariably been notified that sucn 1
action is premature, the time not yet hav
ing arrived! when consideration can be
-given to the question of indemnity.
The State Department has been . in
formed that other powers have been col
lecting data upon which to base claims
for Indemnity. It is known here that
Germany has sent out a circular detailing (
specjtlcally the injuries for which com- |
pensation can be demanded and request
ing immediate information in order that
trie Berlin Government may formulate its 1
demand. In view of these facts it is evi
dent that there is no foundation for the |
report that Si0O.00O.p0O is being collected by
tne powers aa the amount of indemnity.
It is expected that the total. will be far in
excess of that sum. The only way in
demnity can be paid, in the opinion of
well informed officials here, is for the Im
perial Government to seize the estates or
persons responsible for the outrages and
to compel the rich men of China to pay
a certain proportion of the remainder of
the sum required.
The maritime customs are pledged for
Russian loans and to British and German
bondholders and the Internal .taxes are
also required in part to pay China s for
eign debt. „ . .
Count Cassini. the Russian Embassador,
called at the State- Department to-day
and it is believed discussed the answer
of the United States to the Anglo-German
agreement. The* authorities are. con
fident that the American reply Is satis
factory to Russia. ,
• Orders have been sent to Peking de
taching General James R. Wilson from
duty as chief of staff under General
Chaffee and directing him to return to the
United States. It has been the purpose
of the Government to make General Wil
son'a member of the projected American
commission to treat with the Chinese
Government for a settlement, but the
abandonment of that plan In favor of di
rect negotiations through Minister Conger
made, it unnecessary to retain General
Wilson In China.- ... -"' -- •-
Amount of Indemnity" for Outrages
Will Be' Large and China Will
Have IHfflculty in Rais
ing It.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Minister Conger and Col
leagues Insist Upon Blood
as Expiation, j
DEMAND MADE
FOR TUAN'S HEAD
Receiver McKenzie's Friends' Appeal to
Supreme Court to Purge Him
of Contempt.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ANOTHER MOVE IN
THE NOME SCANDAL
THE SAN FRANCISCO C A LL, T WEDNESDAY^ OCTOBER 31, 1900.
UNCLE SAM AND THE NEBRASKA KID
HOY: "SAY, UNCLE; TRADE YOU, UNSIGHT, UNSEEN?"
UNCLE- SAM: "GUESS AGAIN, WILLIE."
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
. FOR THE CHILDREN.
•To • Keep Their Digestion Perfect
' .Nothing Is So Safe and Pleasant
.• " ; as Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets.
'Thousands" of men and women have
found Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets the saf-
est and most reliable preparation for any
form of Indigestion* or stomachy trouble.
Thousands of people who are not sick,
but are well and wish to keep well, take
Stuart's Tablets after every meal to. In-
sure perfect digestion and avoid trouble.
But It Is not generally known that the
Tablets are just as good and wholesome
for little folks as for their elders.
Little children who are pale, thin and
have no appetite, or do not grow or
thrive, should use the tablets after eat-
ing • and will derive great benefit from
them.
Mrs. G. H. Crotsley, 63S Washington
street, Hoboken, New Jersey, writes:
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets Just fill the
bill for children as well as for older
folks. I'Ve had the best of luck with
them. My three-year-old girl takes them
as readily as candy. I have only to say
"tablets" and she drops everything else
and runs for them.
A Buffalo mother a short time aero, -who
despaired of the life of her babe, was so
delighted with the results from giving
the child these tablets that she went be-
fore the notary public of Erie County, N.
Y., and made the following affidavit:
Gentlemen: Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets
were recommended to me for my two
months' old baby, which was sick and
puny and the doctors said was suffer-
ing from indigestion. I took the child to
the hospital, but there found no relief. A
friend mentioned the Stuart Tablets and
I procured a box from my druggist ana
used only the large sweet lozenges In
the box and was delighted to find they
Were Just the thing for my baby. I feel
Justified in saying that Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets saved my child's life.
. MRS. :/WV T. DETHLOPE.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this
12th day of April, 1S97. - .,
HENRY KARIS.
Notary Public In and for Erie Co., N. Y
For no matter h«w young" or
delicate, the tablets will. accomplish won-
ders In increasing flesh, . appetite and
growfh. Use only the large sweet tablets
in every box. F*ull sized boxes are sold
by all druggists for 60 cents, and no
parent shoyld neglect the use of this safe
remedy for all stomach and bowel
•troubles If the child is ailing in any way
regarding its food or assimilation.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets have been
known for years as the best preparation
for all stomach troubles, whether in
aduUs ; or i lnfants. v -'-_ >
*A*k***kAkAAkkAAkAkAAKkA*+
I second brand Halp
« r ; ¦ 7 ¦ • J
First Voters!
| TO-NIGHT! 1 I
ij Odd Fellows' Hall, I
-* Market and Seventh Streets *
1H0N.TIREYL FORD I
:? A Y. U ! Speak on *
: | ¦ ' I M PE R I A L ! S M A N 0 TR U STS, ' ' |
:< Campaign Songs. Good Bands. J
¥ V¥¥¥¥ y ¥ ¥ t^^^^^^^*
I "I inlt" Smokeless Powder. In bi ik
I VI I Its and loade <) In sheila. Send
IllIlVI^ for catalogue of iportlng
UVIl W £**"¦ OE°. W. SURE VE.
WABNEB'S BEMEDEESL
?Sb**«£Sw&Ka23 i S^bbBoI ft 1 I Aj E^r u u fl aJv
S Sa C SL 3 I I I I 3
Try this: 1
I "Ko=Nut" I
B
a Pure S'.erilized Cocoanut
\ Fat. Never gets rancid.
Twice the shortening power
of lard.
For Shortening and
Frying
Superseding Butter, Lard
and Compounds.
A-k your grocer, or write B
| India Refining Co., 5
I Philadelphia. «
jSpvjr&sQcSus. ' w '^ guarantee
Cure will reliere lum-
J$& ttSx Da K°« ¦ciatlo* and all
Vfi£ -45^3 rheumatic pains In
Y nnd cure in a ' ew
\^£M§/ - T MUNTON.
yp^T^^ At «11 drngsists,
tyP*$§85W&ff to Health and medi-
1 J P. cal advice free.
» ' 1505 Arch «t.. Phlla.
______
'. This Is the B»lt **"*J l^r^ that ram
/ W t T H O U T DRUGS!
\ Powerful elec- trie current!
/ All modern Im- / J proveraents!
\ Weakness and Nenroua Dlseaaes of both
( **xts speedily cur«d when other ~tBedle«
I fail- to do the work. Lame back "knocked
< out" in S dajr». Prices reasonable. BUT
I NO BELT TIM. TOU SEE "PR. ,
i PIERCK"S." C^ll. or send a I-cent *Urap
I for "BOOKLET NO. J." Address PIEHCB ,
I ELECTRIC COMPANT. Eleven forty-flve
J BROADWAY (near Mth it.).SEW TORK.
\ Pacific Coast hradquarters. Six twenty
.> Market »t.. SAN FRAXCISCOl i
I N. B.-Our "Booklet Na 1" telU all
/ about Dr. Pierce'* Electric HRUS3. It
\ CURES Rupture!
PALACE AND
GRAND HOTELS
• - ¦ ¦ '.* ¦ %
The best evidence of the popularity ot
these hotels can be found In the continued
patronage of these who on some previous
occasion hare made them their head-
quarters when visiting San Francisco.
Connected by a covered passageway and
cperated under one management on th*
American and European plan.
_».Vi#'iSHfi_2«M ¦ ¦ D ' 8 Ot« • non-poUonoTj*
¦ r (A I'll. IMi """'y I ijiil remedy for Gonorrhi»a.
Gleet, Spumitcrrha*,
A%gT la 1 to S laji.^BQ Whites, annttoril dij-
ffSf&f Oa&notKd U charje*, or »ny lnfl*inmi-
_*j tat m ttrUtar*. tion. irritation or ulcer**
f eo»t«it>»n. tion of mnconn mom-
8f7IiilfHEE«>tsC.HEVIteuCo. branrs. Koo-»«trlngenu
lfl__, e > ! « clNN^0.HB| SoI<l h * D— iCTrla*-.
nil TKHr or lent In pl»!n wr»pp~,
>|3|HHta_Kil II. 00. or 3 bottles, tz.7^
<W Q Circular teat on reqaea*.
gm ' CHICHCSTCR'S CNOUSH •¦ i
PEHNYROYflL, PILLS
/-J< 5»^i *r CnitillE-STEK'S ENGLISH
fr*«ti^»Q v la KEI> »nl Cold m«t»JU. b.i n . M ;»t
tv —^j,*-J with b:o* ribbon. Take bo ether. RtCnt*
ffl 9* Wj D«-tt»ro« Sn!»«tlt»Uaan aa j Lalu.
It* E> "4 "Relief for Ladles," «. Uut . »t r*.
> ""/¦ an Drafting CaleheMep (Kmlr.l C-k.
-«&>» tm p»pcr. Ma^Isen Dptw, PHI LA.. y£
iif^j3__S3|
fj^fJSy INJECTION. <
i A PERMANENT CURE j;
! i of the most obstinato cases of OoaorrboM ( '
I ' and Gleet, ennnnteed In from 3 to 6 < \
i days ; nc other treatment require. ' ,
i , Sold by all druggists. • J i
' *vwwwwwwwvyvwwvww\ '
PDTTCUI7Q VOR BARBERS. 1UJC-
_>ri U OllJ—O •«. bootblacks, bath.
~. houaea. billiard tablea.
t>r*ifcra. bookbinders, candy-makers, otnseri,
dyers, •flourmills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, palntera, shce factories, eta.
tlemen. ur-roof ers. tanners, tailors, tta '
BUCHA.VA.N BROS..
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacrampnto St..
.W/.T.HESS,
KOTAET F03CI3 AM!> ATTOKSKT-AT-IdW.
Tenth Floor. Room 1015. Claoa Spreckals Bide
Telephone . Brown »3L
Residence. Cl California «.. below Powell.
¦ San Francisco.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAillANA BITTER3, THB
creat Mexican remedy; elves health an"
atrcneth to sexual organs. Ueyot, 83 M. r {^ .Special i Dispatch to The Call. ;'.
: i MADERA. Oct. / 80.— Edward Dwyer
placed a 44-caliber pistol to his head in his
room ": In fa! lodging-house \ here ' this ' after
noon while his wife was in an adjoining
room,' and pulled the trigger. ; - Death was
instantaneous.; -The- motive for' his sui
cide la not known. . W&Wj&SBSi
Suicide at Madera.
GUERNEVILLE. Oct. .30.— The Sonoma
County 'Association of Congregational
Churches was called to order to-day, about
fifty delegates and a large number of vis
itors being present from all parts: of the
county. After organization was effected
a number of papers were read, each being
\ followed' by ;a discussion. •¦; At : this even
ing's session Rev.- L. D. Rathbone of .this
city delivered the address. The. conven
tion will continue In session to-morrow.
Congregational -Association.
CANNOT VOTE FOR BRYAN.
Democratic Nominee for Supervisor
in Marin Changes Faith.
SAN RAFAEL. Oct. 30.-;-George Dillon
of Tomales, Democratic candidaj* for Su
pervisor In his district, has come - out
for McKinley and Roosevelt. Mr. = Dillon
is one of the wealthiest and most" prom
inent farmers In this county. For yeara
he has been an active Democrat. At the
late Democratic County Convention he
was nominated for Supervisor. After ma
ture thought Mr. Dillon has come to the
conclusion that he cannot vote for Bryan
and the principles the Nebraskan repre
sents. The prosperity of the country has
been so apparent under the present ad»
ministration that he deems a change un
advisable. He therefore will cast his vote
for the Republican standard bearers.
Mr. Dillon says he places his country
above his party and Is compelled to fol
low the dictates ot his best Judgment.
Woods Talks at Colfax.
COLFAX, Oct. 30.— Sam D. Woods, Re
publican candidate - for Congress in this
district, made a brilliant and forceful
speech to the voters of Col fax and vicin
ity this evening. .The hall where the meet
ing was held was crowded and the audi
ence was enthusiastic throughout. F p
Tuttle. a leading attorney of Auburn, also
epoke. To-morrow : evening Mr. Woods
will speak at Truckee. where a big recep
tion has been prepared for him.
BTJRLlaTGTON AND MISSOURI
IMPROVES ITS SERVICE
To Install a Third Fast Mail From
Chicago to Connect With St.
Louis and Portland.
OMAHA, Oct. 30.— Next Sunday the Bur
lington and Missouri River system will
Install the third fast mall train from Chi
cago to the Missouri River and connect
with the St. Louis and Portland express
mall train to Lincoln. This Is to be . the
new transcontinental mail service, the
contract having been secured . from the
Government on • the withdrawal by the
Northern Pacific of one of its trains from
St. Paul to Portland. The Burlington haa
a through train from" Chicago to Billings
and goes west ' from there "to '. Portland
over the Northern Pacific ¦ • * ¦ , •
Closing Day of the Celebration Over
the Completion of the Longest
Flume in the World.
MADERA, Oct. 30.— The second day of
the celebration held; in honor of the com
pletion of. the longest flume In. the. world
opened clear and' calm. . ' Three ' thousand
persons » gathered ; at . the Madera'' Sugar
Pine Company's mill, a half mile south of
town, to 'attend the barbecue. -While the
beef and' refreshments .were ' being pre
pared/athletic games, consisting off run
ning, jumping and contests of skill, were
held. The Fresno military band played in
the mill, and the great crowd gathered
to the feast. . •
After the barbecue, Colonel IB. ' H.'; Cox,'
secretary and manager : of the Madera
Sugar Pine Company, explained f fu41y the
difhculties overcome in the construction
of the flume from the "mountains to < the
mill, in this city. The resources v of the
forests will *. keep mill busyi for * the
next twenty years* and the supply of tim
ber will not be affected.'
This afternoon ¦ there : were ; horse i and
bicycle races at the track. - In the even
ing a ball was held in Athletic Hall, Falk
ensteln's Orchestra; supplying ; the music
i~ '•'¦ftBMiM
Watsonvlll© Hears Knight.
WATSONVILLE. Oct. . W.-Cafltaln Mo-
Postal Changes, Patents Issued and
Pensions Granted^
WASHINGTON. Oct. 30.— Postofflce dis
continued: California — Springs, San Luis
Obispo County, mail to Port Harford.
Sub-station No. 31 of the San Francisco
postofflce will be established November 5
on the southeast corner of Eighteenth and
Dolores streets.
Pensions issued: California — Original —
Elliot Walter Eaton", San Francisco, $6.
Increase— William Fuller. North Ontario,
$12; Henry Koenig, Soldiers' Home, Los
Angeles. $8; Edward M. Brown. Bishop.
$12; George S. Mortimer. Corralitos, $10;
Harvey Potter, Riverside, $8. War with
Spain— Original— John James, San Fran
cisco. $12.
Oregon: Renewal and Increase — Solomon
Barnes, Eugene. $10. Original widows — So
phia Kiessllng, Portland, $8.
Washington: Original— Reuben D. Mc-
Evers. Sprlngdale. $6. Restoration— Edgar
Loomis (dead). Centralia, $8. Increase —
"William -George, Tacoma. $8. Original
wido.-Fs — Martha J. Gllmer, Centrali«, $8.
War with Spain (widows)— Mary Lally,
Vancouver. $32.
Patents ipsu<?d: California— Henry Al
ten, Sebastopol, gate; Jesse L. Bundy,
San Francisco, weather strip for doors or
windows; John Carhart, Campbell, burial
apparatus; John Colby, Visafia, planter;
Wilton E. Darrow. Sonora, device for col
lecting finely divided minerals and slimes;
William A. Doble. San Francisco; hy
draulic regulating nozzle; Joseph Fandrey
Los Angeles, truss; Edward Hanak and G
Hoepner, San Francisco, assignors to
Union Scale and Manufacturing Company,
Sacramento, automatic weighing scale;
Enoch L. Lowe. San Francisco, and J. M.
Meighan, Groveland, track brake for rail
way cars; Nicholas B. McGhee. Orange,
fruit clipper; Harvey E. Rlngle, Red
lands, bicycle brake.
Oregon — Milton J. Anderson, Dufur
weed destroyer; Thomas Elliott, The
Dalles, band cutter and feeder.
Washington— Robert S. "Anderson, Taco
ma, roller shield or breastwork; Jerome
G. McGaughey. assignor one-half to W.
F. Sheiry, Spokane, nail; James H. Per
kins, Seattle, ; drag saw; . Byron Phelps,
Seattle, asignor one-half to T. Nelson.
Chicago. 111., lock. .
MADERA ENTERTAINS
WITH A BARBECUE
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN Jose, Oct. 30.— The suit of Miss
Fannie Stockton, who has brought an ac
tion against the City Board of Education
for reinstatement as a teacher in the
department, is attracting a great deal of
attention among the local educators. In
June Miss Stockton and nine other teach
ers were dropped. The charter provides
that teachers shall be dismissed only for
cause,* and Miss Stockton a.t onoe ¦ began
suit for reinstatement, claiming politics
had supplied the animus for her removal.
The case will come up for hearing on
November 12. To-day Miss Stockton by
her attorney served notice upon County
Treasurer Lotz not to pay the salaries
from this time on of Robert A. Lee, Jen
nie Cllker, Isabella Da'ley, Mary Mont
gomery, Alice Kenny, Nettle Feeley and
Mrs. John Barry. These teachers were
elected to take the places of those re
tired. Treasurer L/Otz says he will run
no risk and will withhold the salaries un
til the case is finally settled in court.
With Miss Stockton In this move are
Miss Lois Peckham. Miss Lillian Church
and Miss Frances Sawyer. If these teach
ers win their suit 'a half-dozen others will
carry their cases into court.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
DEPOSED TEACHERS
APPEAL TO COURTS
Claim Politics Is Responsible for
- Their Removal and Bring 1 Suit
to Compel Reinstate
ment.
, ST. LOUIS," Oct. 30.— One man was killed
and ¦ six others ; were injured,"" one perhaps
fatally/ ina collision on the Chicago "and
Alton Railroad: near: Mitchell, : 111., early
to-day. < The ¦ passengers • received : a ' shak
ing .up, but -.none; were.- seriousy.-hurt.'
George W. Curzon, a mall clerk, of Bloom
inKion, ULy was killed, ¦ : /- v --
Mail Clerk Killed.
-".GILROT, Oct. 30.— The Democrats closed
their campaign in Gilroy . this ¦evening
with a demonstration at Music Hall. Prior
to the meeting ¦ bonfires illuminated the
main streets = and ' • the Gilroy i band'' dis
coursed popular airs." The ; meeting * was ;
called to order.by A.'A. Martin. Speeches
were . made j by * James Carson, 'candidate
for Senator inthe Thirty-first District - B
V. Sargent of Monterey; and F. H. Gould
of 'San -Francisco. >'.'-.. ¦¦"..-:
Democratic ,. Rally . at j Gilroy.
; SAN JOSE,. Oct. 30.— The Cured Fruit
Association declared another .dividend to
day. It amounts to 1 cent a pound, on all
prunes from 20 to -100 ; in size, graded or"
that will be graded up to" tb-night, In
cluding the Vt cent per pound paid during
September: % cent per pound on all prunes
grading. from 100 to 120 during October;
Vt cent per pound on all prunes from 120
. up during October. -\ It is estimated that
this will, distribute $600,000 to the growers,
in addition to the $112,000 already paid out.
It will take about- three weeks to pay this
dividend. ' Then another dividend for No
vember, will be declared. . *
Dividend for Prune-Growers.
Now, Mr. Bryan, If you are a poor man and
wish ¦ to earn . two thousand ($2000) dollars for
two hours', work, ''you can't ignore this offer.
If; you are; a man of honor and courage you
cannot I honorably refuse to meet me - and let
the public know the strength of your economic
Dosltlon.^j This offer will be open for accept
ance any time within one year from date; .
L.OS ANGELES. Oct. 30.— H. GaylonJ
¦Wllshire, Social Democratic "candidate for
Congress in -this .district, is waxing fat
and saucy, the present political campaign
being- apparently the opportunity of ; his
lifetime. Mr. Wilshire having challenged
James McLachlan and " others to a Joint
debate, is now out for bigger game. He
¦wants to meet William J. Bryan In a talk
ing match, the subject. to be "Trusts," and
the winner, should he be the Democratic
candidate for the Presidency, ' to receive
$2000 In gold coin. Mr. Wilshire will be
satisfied with the advertisement. His chal
lenge'concludes:
gress Sends a Challenge.
Social Democratic Nominee for Con-
¦WOULD DEBATE WITH BRYAN.
Attorney Archibald followed for . the
defense. He claimed Ortega had proved
an alibi. Attorney Felkner spoke on the
same grounds. ¦ The closing argument for
the defense will be made by Attorney
Brooks, and : District Attorney Campbell
will make the closing address of the
prosecution. •
SAN JOSE, Oct. 30.— Arguments in the
trial of "Jack" Ortega ' commenced -¦ at
this morning's session of court in Judge
Liorigan's department. The doors. of. the
court, which had been closed during the
taking of testimony, were opened, and
hundreds _pf spectators thronged the
courtroo\m. Attorney Leo Archer made
the opening argument for the prosecu
tion. He read the statement made by Or
tega at the time of his arrest and com
pared . it with defendant's testimony.
There ¦were many discrepancies between
the two. ;
Grace Gamble Will Be Con
cluded To-Day.
Trial of the- Alleged Assailant of
There was.' taken In during the 'fiftieth
fiscal year $27,518 30, of which $22,743 65 was
for fees alone. The salary list of employes
of the office, exclusive of that of the Sec
retary of State, is $13,480. The office has
turned into the State treasury, in excess
of the salary roll,. the sum of $C2G3 65.
For the fif ty-nrst fiscal year, ending
June 30, 1WX), the -receipts amounted to
$36,135 25. The fees alone for work done
in the office amounted to $34,687 IB, while
the salary list amounted to $15,080, show-
Ing that the office turned Into the treasury
$19,607 15 in excess of the salary list.
The excess of receipts for the past two
years over the preceding two ye»i? was
J1S.556 15. v^. i'.Xyu
CLOSING ARGUMENTS
IN THE ORTEGA CASE
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 30.— Secretary of,
State Curry to-day filed with. the Governor
his biennial report. After giving in detail
the number of commissions that .paased
through, the office and the numerous rec
ommendations concerning repairs to the
Capitol building the report gives consid
erable, space to financial matters.
Salary List.
Office Has Turned Into State Treas-
ury $19,607 in Excess of
BIENNIAL "REPORT OF
SECEETAEY OP STATE
rey's Rough Riders came over from Santa
Cruz on a special train to attend the Re
publican rally here to-night. The meet
ing was an enthusiastic one. George G.
Radcliff, candidate for the Assembly,
made a brief speech, 1 and was followed
by Warren R. Porter, nominee 'for Elec
tor. George A. Knight made the princi
pal address of the evening.
__*
Will Test an Ordinance.
, SAN JOSE. Oct. 30.— H. L. Hirsch. the
proprietor of the Pabst . Cafe, was again
arrested to-day for violation of the or
dinance'recently enacted requiring a $750
per month city license to be taken out
by inusic halls run in connection with sa
.loons. Jiis '. trial was set for November
13. A week ago a jury in the Justices*
Court found Hirsch not guilty of having
violated the ordinance. The case is now
to be tested in the Superior Court.' Hirsch
will plead guilty and go to jail and nis
release will be: attempted on a 'writ of
habeas corpus. TjJaBWteMHraM
Prospector Becomes Lost and Is Com
pelled to Hake Food of His
Steed.
SEATTLE, Oct. 30.— E. Franklin Lewii
reached Nome, in company with Georgt
R. Williams and John T. Clark, on th<
evening- of October 18,' after' undergoing
terrible privations : In the Kougaxok coun
try. They.were lost while on a prospect
ing trip and Lewis, becoming separatee
from hia companions, was compelled tc
kill his horse and subsist on Its flesh f oi
nearly three weeks. The meat diet be
came bo obnoxious 'that he coulc
hardly swallow Jt and only the ever-re
curring pangs of hunger could make ii
palatable. He finally regained his lost
companions and they concluded to go tt
Nome and give up the trip to the lnterioi
in search of the yellow metal.
SEATTLE, Oct 3O.-The cable line be
tween Nome and St. Michael was finishec
on October 19. The first message was
received by the Alaska Commercial Com
pany 'at Its Nome store at 7:30 o'clocl
that evening. The line worked well an<
no trouble is expected in Its' operation
The rate between St. Michael and Nomi
is $2 for ten words. That portion of thi
cable between ' Port Safety and St
Michael was finished from colls taket
from the' wrecked cableship ' Orizaba
The Government officials gave up th<
work .and the Alaska Commercial Com
pany gained permission to complete th«
task. With a scow to- hold the cable am
ths steamer Sadie to do the towing, ii
was a complete success. Until the Gov
ernment arranges to take hold of th<
project the line Will be under the contro
of the Alaska Commercial Company.
HORSEFLESH HIS DIET
WHILE LOST IN ALASKA
factorily.
First Message Transmitted and tlte
Line Found to "Work Satis-
NOMB-ST. MICHAEL
CABLE COMPLETEI
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 30.— Bernhardt Loretz,
a Swiss winemaker, was beaten into in- !
sensibility by footpads Saturday night,
and it was not until tnio afternoon that
he recovered his senses sufficiently to tell
of the occurrence. Loretz lives at the
corner of Montgomery and Julian streets.
Early Saturday evening he made a call
on some friends on Park, avenue and about
8 o'clock started for home. . When he
reached the corner of Park avenue and
East street two men sprang upon him
and beat him into insensibility. At the
tirst blow he turned to grapple with his
assailants, but -they kept Deating him un
til his senses left him. His pockets were
then rifled, between $4 and $5 being: taken.
That section of the city is not much
traveled, and Loretz lay there in an un
conscious condition until 5 o'clock ue
next morning. He then managed to mane
his way home and as he opened the door
he fell senseless to ..ie floor. Physicians
were called and he has since been con
fined to his bed.
A sandbag was evidently used by the
thl> 3!,- ¦J f " OT a tIme U was thought Lorets
would die, and it was only this afternoon
that he was able to tell the story of the
San Jose Resident In a Stupor fo:
Three Days Because of In
juries Received in a
Hold-T7p.
BRUTALLY BEATEN
BY TWO FOOTPADS
Next Friday night General Salomon will
address the veterans. Frank L.- Coombs
will close" his campaign in the FiAt Con
gressional District in his home county
here the end of this Week. His friends
and fellow citizens in Calistoga.St. Hel
ena and Xapa ere preparing to give him a
rousing reception.
At Napa to-night the same speakers ad
dressed the citizens at the opera-house,
which was crowded to the doors.
N'APA,' Oct. 30.— The Republicans . of
Xapa County are closing the campaign
with meetings at all the. principal towns
in the county. At the Veterans' Home
last night the old soldiers were addressed
by Robert Corlctt and E. L. Webber, can
didates for the. Legislature. Professor L.
J. Merwin also spoke. Hon. T. B. Hutch
inson, Napa County's gifted orator, who is
dubbed "the "Second Abraham Lincoln,"
made the speech of the evening and was
cheered to the echo.
Day Approaches.
Activity of Republicans as Election
Stein had been ill and idle for a week
previous to his death. He was a habitual
drinker and liquor crazed him. Stein was
a native of Germany, 35 years of age. He
came here from San Francisco, where
Carl Stein, a brother, resides. He was
a member of the Santa Clara Odd Fel
lows and of the German Hospital Asso
ciation of San FVancisco. One of his
brothers committed suicide in San Fran
cisco recently by jumping from a win
dow.
CAMPAIGN TN NAPA COUNTY.
to Have Taken His Own.
Life.
PETALUMA; Oct. SO.— Ernest H. Stein,
was found dead in his room at the Jor
dan place to-day. It is believed he com
mitted Buicide, but the Coroner's jury ren
dered a verdict of death from unknown
causes. Stein was found fully attired
and reclining on the bed. The body was
warm anil there were indications of
strychnine poisoning. An empty strych
nine box was in the room.
Ernest H. Stein of Petaluma Believed
DEAD WITH STBYCHNIira;
BOX AT HIS BEDSIDE
The audience, being small and contain
ing many Republicans, was not enthusias
tic.
IXemocratic Bally at Santa Barbara
JJ"ot a Success.
SAXTA BARBARA. Oct. 30.— William
Graves of San Luis Obispo. Democratic
candidate for Congress, met a rather cool
reception here this evening. Other attrac
tions occupied all the available halls in
town. A platform was erected in front of
the City Hall and Mr. Graves and Judge
Lamme of Los Angeles held an outdoor
meeting under the auspices of the local
Bryan club. The Democratic orator, \V.
H. Alford, did not appear as advertised.
Graves' speech was short. He ridiculed
the full dinner pail argument, saying it
appeaied only to the • appetite. Senator
Hanna was characterized as the King Pin
of the trusts. The anthracite coal strike
was cited as an instance of the evil of
trusts. Imperialism was • deplored and
Aguinaldo's followers likened to our fore
fathers of the colonies. In closing, Mr.
Qraves said:
"1 would rather see the flag snatched
from the masthead a thousand times than
unfurled for imperialism, the death knell
of the republic."
Judge Lamme said in part: "If you do
not elect Bryan this time you never will.
I veritably believe that four years more
of McKinleyism will so fasten imperial
ism upon the country that it cannot be
shaken off. The standing army will ex
ceed a quarter of a million men."
GRAVES MEETS A FROST.
Notwithstanding the threatening aspect
of the weather the meeting was one pf
the largest held in Marys\-ille during the
present campaign. Lawrence Schilllg, Re
publican nominee for the Assembly, acted
as chairman, and the McKinley and
R.oosevelt Glee Club rendered a number
of campaign songs.
MARYSVTLLE, Oct. 30.— The city was
crowded this evening with people from
all parts of this county and 'many from
Butte and Sutter counties to gTeet Hon.
S. M. Shortridge. At 7:30 o'clock a'spe
ciaJ train from Oroville arrived, bringing
100 excursionists, among whom were sev
eral ladies. Long before S o'clock the the
ater was crowded and many were unable
to get seats. Mr. Shortridge arrived from
San Jose at 5 o'clock. His voice was
broken by his recent speech-making and
he was scarcely able to speak above a
whisper. He immediately retired, tyid,
after three hours' rest, arose unimproved
in voice. The large crowd was disap
pointed by the announcement that he was
unable to speak.
Hon. Judson Brusie of Sacramento was
substituted and delivered an excellent
address, touching on ail political issues
in an eloquent and logical manner. He
was interrupted by frequent applause.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
However, Judson Brusie Takes the
San Franciscan's Place and De
livers an Eloquent
Argument.
DISAPPOINTS A GREAT THRONG
Republican Orator Unable
to Address Voters at
Marysville.
SPEECH-MAKING
WRECKS VOICE
OF SHORTRIDBE
Leszynsky claims the deeds to these
mines were obtained from him upon the
promise by C. A. Ross of certain pay
ments, which he alleges were never made.
He holds that the titles are therefore in
valid.
tuted to-day by Julius Leszynsky against
the Jledler Copper Mining Company, the
ilorenci Copper Mines (limited* and
Charles A. Ro.^s to recover title and pos
k. : :-;wn to the famous Indiana and Medler
mines, near CTliftqn. In tba Copper: Moun
tain mining district, which recent devel
opments show to be of great value. The
Morenei Mines is an English corporation
er.d the iledicr Copper Mining Company-
Is supposed to be backed by English capi
tal.
Former O\raer Seeks to Eecover Ari
zona Copper Properties.
TITCSOX. Ariz., Oct. 3".— Suit was insti-
SUES FOE RICH MINES.
SANTA ROSA. Oct. 3<X— The forty
eighth general Baptist convention of
Northern and Central California is in ses
sion at the First Baptist Church in this
city. To-day was devoted to the conven
tion of the Young People's Society, which
¦was presided over by its president, T. B.
Holmes of Oakland. At 11 o'clock the
Rev. R. M. Wolfe of Salinas gave an aA->
dress on "The Youngr Christian and the
Kicgdom." The rest of the forenoon was
devoted to business.
A constitutional amendment was adopt
ed, making the number of vice presidents
the same as the number of Baptist as
sociations in the convention, which is at
present seven, and designating the presi
dents of those associations the vice presi
dents of the convention. Another amend
ment to the constitution makes five a
quorum instead of three.
In the afternoon a lecture on "Martin
Luther" was delivered by the Rev. "VV*.
Ci. Trower of Santa Ciart, after whlca
the election of officers took place. T. B.
Holmes of Oaklajd was ?e-eiected presi
dent. Miss Estell-M. Reid of Alameda was
elected corresponding secretary, Mies
Josephine Franks of Sacramento record
ing secretary, Hiram Fairfleld of San
Jose treasurer and Mrs. S. R. Stevens
of Golden Gate intc»rmediate and junior
superintendent. Under the amendment ,
to the constitution the following will be
be vice presidents of the convention; E.
C Lyons of Oakland president of the
Central Association; trnest Adams of
San Jose, president of the South Central
Association; George W. .Finley of I kiali,
president oi" the Clear Lake Association;
A. E. Bigelow of Sdraa, president of the
£an Joaquin Association; Steven Frisbie
of Anderson, president of the Sacramento
River Association, and Arthur Owen of
Senia Rosa., president of the Pacific As
sociation.
The report of the treasurer showed 570
in the treasury. '¦-¦'¦
Next year the Young People's Society
convention will meet at Twin Lakes a.t
the time of the Baptist assembly. ~.-\
"Christian Living" was the general sub
iect of tiifccussion. The Rev. W. C. Jen
ins of San Francisco and the Rev. S. R.
Stevens of Golden Gate delivered dis
coureta on the subject, "My Right or My
L>uty: or. the Proper Motives for Chris
tian Living,' was discussed by the Rev.
Mr. Jenkins.
To-morrow the Women's Baptist Home
Mission Society will hold their convention
and on Thursday the general Baptist con
vention will meet and continue in session
until the end of the week.
•:.-;
fiped&I Dispatch to Tfea CalL
T. B. Holmes Re-elected President of
the State Society and Twin. Lakes
ITamed as the Next Reel
ing Place.
• ¦ •¦ ' -. ¦ ' -
Northern and Central Cali
fornia Delegates in
Convention.
CONCLAVE OF YOUNG CHRISTIANS
BAPTISTS OPEH
THEIR SESSION
AT SANTA ROSA
HEALER HARRIS
AND A PATIENT
ARE MISSING
Hypnotist Disappears and
His Wile Sues lor a
Divorce.
A SENSATION AT LOS ANGELES
Simultaneously With, the Departure
of the "Professor" Mrs. Binford
Suddenly Drops Out of
k sight. fjSi-i
Bscelal Dispatch to The CxtL
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 30.— "Professor"
W. C. Harris, a magnetic header and hyp
notist, who enjoyed an extensive practice
here for several months. Is missing. So
is Mrs. Binford, one of the professor's pa
tients.
Professor Harris took lunch with his
wife . on Saturday and she has not se«n
him since. They parted on the best of
terms. Mrs. Binford, who i3 but 19 years
of age. left the home of her father.
Deputy District Attorney McComas. on
Boyle Heights, on Saturday momlngr. say
in? that she was going to visit friends.
She did not go to the friends' horns, nor
have her relatives seen her since.
Mrs. Harris has Instituted suit for di
vorce. She admits that her husband had
left her. but will not say that be has gone
away with another woman.
Judge McComas says that his daughter
has been absent since Saturday, but de
clares he expects her home soon.
NATIVES REFUSE
TO AID WRECKED
VESSEL'S CREW
Schooner Frances Alice Goes
As&ore on the Coast
oi Siberia.
ALL' ABOARD GAIN THE BEACH
Denied Food by the Inhabitants, They
Tac« Starvation Until Rescued »
by a Passing: Steam
ship.
Special Diapttch to Th« Call.
SEATTLE, Oct. JOl— The Bteamahlp
Ohio, which arrived yesterday from
Nome, brings news of tha wreck ot the
schooner Frances Alice, owned in this
city, on the Siberian coast. The schooner
was of 130 toas register and carried a
crew of seven, all of whom were saved.
The vessel was blown ashore during a
fierce gale. Her anchors were down and
she was fifteen hours drifting on the
rocks. The sea was so rough during the
time that it was Impossible to escape in
the small boats and the men stayed with
their vessel to the end. In making their
way to the shore Miner Bruce of this city,
owner of the schooner, was badly injured.
An arm was broken and he was badly
bruised. . * . ...»
The steamer Aloha finally arrived on the
scene and ¦> rescued the party. The men
had been preparing for a winter of star
vation, an experience similar to that suf
fered by the crew of the Eacreet. which
went ashore on St. Lawrence Island.
The anouncement is as follows:
"The arrangement by which Sloan was
to be first jockey to the Prince of Wales
next season will" not be carried out."
The Sportsman "communicated this in
formation to the various morning paper",
and the latter express approval of the de
cision of the Prince of Wales, which Is
undoubtedly due to the agitation started
by Lord Durham. -
A few weeks ago a sensation was sprung
in the racing world by an attack made by
Lord Durham upon the American jockeys
riding in England. Lord Durham, accor
ing to the first reports that were cabled
across the water, charged the American
boys lth unfair methods and made a
vigorous assault upon their style of riding.
He deprecated their presence on the Eng
lish turf and asserted that much damage
was being done to the sport through their
tactics. ¦"-': .
Of course such harsh criticism brought
forth a storm of disapproval from promi
nent American horse owners not only in
England but throughout America as well.
It was pointed out that Lord Durham's
allegations were not based entirely, on
fact and that he no doubt was piqued
owing to the remarkable success scored
by ths American boys. ¦ •
Subsequently Lord Durham wrote a long
letter to the London Times in explanation
of his former criticism, in which he said:
"I have never condemned the. 'style' of
American riding or American training. On
the contrary, I share in the respect .which
all Newmarket trainers feel for the-char
acter and abilities of Messrs. Huggins and
Pincus. Two years ago. in a public
speech. I welcomed the advent of Sloan
as productive of good rather than evil.
"But I do disapprove the methods of the
•
LONDON, Oct. 31.— -The Sportsman an
nounces that the Prince of Wales, has can
celed his retainer of Tod Sloan for 1901.
Attack of Lord Dur
ham Has EYldentlTj
Borne Fruit.
— #
Success of Americans
MakesJJritisheps
Jealous. ':
WALES REPUDIATES HIS
CONTRACT WITH SLOAN
Latter Will Not Be me First Jockeu to His Roual
• Highness During Next Season.-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 31, 1900.
jockeys. I prefer an Increase of Engrlist
boys to augmentation of the existing num
ber of Americans if the methods of th<
latter are to be similar to t&e methods oi
those I have named."
Naturally such a letter did not tend tc
mollify the American Jockeys nor .theii
supporters either -lm England or in this
country. . Moreover," as Sloan, tha tw(
Relit boys and Maher continued to wir
with the majority of their mounts to th«
discomfiture of the English boys there 1«
some reason for the assertion, that noi
only the English riders, trainers and own
ers but the English turfites in genera
have become Jealous of the Americar
jockeys. It is very probable that, yield
ing tothis sentiment, the Prince of Wales
has seen fit to repudiate his agreemen;
with the premier American Jockey.
American jockeys and I do not welcome
the Influx of their 'followers, who consider
horse racinp merely as an instrument for
hib'h gambling."
Proceeding to detail Sloan's suspensions
and reprimands, he observed: "I don't
think it right in the interests of the turf
that Sloan should be a. prominent buyer
at the Doncaster yearling sales or that
one of his followers should be the Ameri
can trainer for whom he has been en
deavoring to obtain a license at New
market.-
- "Martin has twice been disqualified this
year, and Rigby was reprimanded at the
Liverpool July cup: but the warning has
no effect on Rigby's reckless riding. His
performances at Gatwick last week were
distinctly dangerous.
"So much for the prominent American
J. TOD SLOAN ON LUCKNOW. WINNER OF THE PORTLAND PLATE,
SNAPSHOTTED FOR THE LONDON ILLUSTRATED SPORTING
NEWS AT THE DONCASTER MEETING. S*: : : r '
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
f Fashion's
Favorite
and • Only
Fashions of So-Day
The rainy weather skirt n^Cfssi-
tat*3 a high top shoe. It is not. a
. luxury nor a fad, but a good, sen-
si hi * n^ed.
Bf ono of the first to fulfill that
need and get a shoe that will stand
all kinds of weather: eaves doc-
tor bills and your health. You can
\ do it by setting a pair of our 9-ln.
Ladies'Golf Shoes
S2.5O ' )
Made of finest quality GLAZED
. KANGAROO KID, with wide coin
toe. patent leather Up, heavy- eole
and extension edpes. C --•'(.
All Bizes; width A to E.
', 4- ?
ALASKA SEAL !
\ WATER-PROOF
$3.00
\ Men's Alaska Seal. Lace or '
Congress. Shoes, latest Ftyle,
double eole and extension edp?s. ;
all sizes; price 9.'t.O» '
, Cork sole or leather lined v 50c
extra.
Hoys' Alaska Seal, sizes 2V4
to 5'£ 81. 7.%
Youths' Alaska Seal, sizes 11
to 2 .£1. 5O
?fc KATSllNSKI, :
) PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO. V
) 10 Third St.. San Francisco. {
k++1rkirkirkic*** * * » * •••••••••
* The first voters hold their J
* SECOND GRAND RALLY *
J TO-NIGHT at ODD FEL- J
* LOWS' HALL. Short, snap- J
r py talks and good music. *
kjrHrk+*+irk+irk*ir+*irtrtrk***+*
————^—^— - > •
Jppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc., cored by
ESPIG'S CIGARETTES, or POWDER
f*ro,-J. ESPI0; Ntw York. Z. rODOXKl * C3.
SOLD BI ALL. DKUGGISTS. ;}j
It f
We can assist you
j to dress well at a very, moderate cost. Just now \
I we would recommend one of our overcoats, as we,
are having a sale of them. So as to please every- |
body we have them at all prices. Choose what
| suits your pocket-book, and rest assured you will
be safe, for we guarantee the overcoats— every one I
of them. They are union made, hence well made,
I stylish, fashionable and the prices are low.
j Black kersey overcoat with velvet collar, good j
lining and sewed with silk throughout: very pleas- j
I ing coat, sold regularly here for $10, now to be had at,
«6.95 j
Black worsted chev- Blae kersevs and Blae sad brown i
iot overcoats, well oxiord array cheviots, kerseys, sray chev-
«o^- »«h ii«*.H vend som * velvct colIar8 « tan coverts. Ensr-
made and lined, arood gome plain> very Hsh whipcord , t o *_
stylish lenetn. swell coats. ford prays, rasrlans.
Covert box coats in Covert box coats in etc., all of them very I
three shades, tan. several shades, good iwell, dressy overcoats
brown and olive. Both values. They are coats that appeal to men
of these coats are we can thoroughly who desire to drcs3 i
$12.00 values. sale guarantee to give sat- wdl, all fashionable
price now for either isfaction; prices weaves, prices
I $7.50 $8.50 and $10 $12.50 and $15
Boys' Clothing
We want to say just a word or two to the.
mothers about our boys' clothing department.
Here we have on one floor everything that the boy
| wears except shoe?. This makes purchasing very
| easy and quick. We make mostall of, the clothes j
| ourselves, and by purchasing from us you are vir- j
I tuallv buying direct from the manufacturers, and, in
s® doing, you save about one-third. This is ap-
I parent when you see how the clothes wear.
The floor is airy, light and convenient, and the
service is good. It is your first purchase we are
seeking— after that you will trade here naturally. ]
I Out-of-town orders filled — write us.
718 Market Street. JBYERS DEFEATS TIM
MURPHY IN TAME FIGHT
Kid McFadden of This City Is Out
classed and Loses to Harry
Harris of Chicago.
CHICAGO. Oct. 30_George Byers. th»
colored middle-weight of Boston. In his
fifrht with Tim Murphy of Australia to
r.igM at Tauersall's, proved a disap
pointment to the a*'*) spectatprs. Byer*
got the derision after six rounds of tame
righting, but made such a poor showing
that « number of persons left the hall in
ciFgust during the latter part of the con
test. Murphy proved to be nothing but a
tiilrt swinger' but Byers worked too slow
to do much damage, and only gained th<s
decision by a narrow margin.
The po between Matty Matthew*, the
welter-weight champion, and Chaxlio
Burns of Cincinnati was won by Mat
thews aft^r a hard struggle, 'ih'ey met
at catch weight? and Burns had fully
twenty pounds the better of It.
Harry Harris of Chicago had an easy
time with Kid McFadden of San Francis
co ard obtained the decision in Fix rounds.
McFadden tried hard, but was outclassed
and was unable to reach his shifty oppo
nent.
Clar*>ncp Forbes bested Walter Bloom In
six rounds.
•Turkey Point" Bill Smith was given
the decision over Arthur Brown in six
rounds.
Owing to an Injury to Eddie Santry In
training th» match between him and "Kid
Broad of Cleveland was declared off
VIOLATED CIVTL SERVICE.
Commission Recommends the IHsmis
sal of Federal Employes.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 30.— The Civil Ser
vice Commission has just completed in
vestigations of charges of violations of
civil servire. mostly of political UMfi£
mentF and circulation, against Federal
officials, whose names are withheld in
Philadelphia. Louisville. Cincinnati. To
rw-ka. Kansas City. Birmingham. Jersey
City and in Iowa. In eomeof these cases
the cnramisFion has recommended to tn>
various executive departments to which
the aocusfd ofSo'als belong th<> prosecu
tion ar.d di^mipsal of the latter and In
other casf-s action has not yet been taken
I nvrstf nations in othor citifs are in pro
grf-£«. The commission refuses to disclose
names or any details concerning these
cases.
Abnizzi Gtttlng Ready.
STOCKHOLM. Oct. 30.— The Duke of
Abruzzi has chartered the Gothenburg
whaler Capella to proceed to Franz Josef
Land in search of the three missing Arctic
exploration expeditions.
General D. ML Frost.
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 3O.-General D. M.
Frost, for fifty years one of the best
known rcfldents of this city, is dead, aged
77. His death was unexpected, as no ill
npsR had preceded Jt. General Frost was
born August ;», 1823. In Schen^ctady Coun
ty. N. 1'. He Kraduatod from West Point
in 1M4 and served In the Mexican and civil
wars with distinction. In the latter war
he eerved on the Confederate fide.
Charles Stratton.
VALLEJO. Oct. 30.— Charles Stratton.
pay yeoman of the Independence, who un
derwent a surgical operation during the
latter part of !a*=t week to relieve an acute
obstruction of the bowels, died at the
naval hospital this afternon. He is sur
vived by a widow and two children.
H. H. Grant.
SANTA CRUZ. Oct. 30.— H. H. Grant
died to-day. He was a native of New
York, aged €2. . He came to Santa Cruz
from GrantKdale. Mont-, which town was
r.arat^A after him. He was a regent of
the State University of Montana.
Norman Brokaw.
K A UK AUK A. Wis.. Oct. 30.— Norman
Brokaw. one of the most prominent paper
manufacturers in the country*, died to-day
after a lingering illness, resulting from
appendicitis.
Major Henry J. Hearsay.
NEW ORLEANS. Oct. 30.— Major Henry
J. Heairey, editor of The Daily States
and one of the strongest newspaper writ
ers in the South. Is dead. He was 60 years
of age. :- .
Congressman Buchanan.
JERSEY CITY. N\ J.. Oct. 30.— Former
Congressman James Buchanan died sud
denly at his home in this city to-day, aged
Cl year*. He lead been subject to heart
trouble.
KID PARKER WINS
FROM JACK KANE
Knocks Out the San Fran
ciscan After a Furious
Fight.
DENVER. Oct. 30.-Before the Olympic
Club to-night Kid Parker of Denver
knocked out Jack Kane of San Francisco
In the fifth round of what was to have
been a ten-round go. The fighting was
under straight Queensberry rules and waa
fast and furious after the first round.
Kane went to the floor for nine seconds
in the fourth round and again in the fifth
round before the finish came. He put up
a wonderfully game fight; and in the
third round, which was his best, he put
Parker to his knees for several . seconds
by a hard right hook to the chin. ..
In the fourth round the fighting was
vicious. Parker Jabbed his left to Kane's
nose bringing the blood, - and the latter
swung, heavily on Parker's head with his
right, sending him again to hlB knees. He
got on his feet and they went at each
other hammer and tongs, both falling to
the floor. Kane being on top. " Kane got to
bis feet hurriedly, Parker following slow-
quested the presence of Commissioners
Kreud, Quinn and McCarthy and Chief
Examiner Moran at a conference, which
was held in the rooms of the Merchants'
Association last night. Mr. Dohrmann
said he felt that It was due to the people
of this community, who had expressed
their desire for the civil service as con
tained in the charter which was adopted
at the last election, that a satisfactory
statement should h« made by the commis
sion. Mr. Dohrmann, as well as the mem
bers of the commission, fully realize that
the act of the Civil Service Board in rais
ing the percentage of an applicant, which
made it possible for him to retain a posi
tion which he certainly would have lost
had he remained in the place originally
accorded him by the Board of Examiners,
would subject the board to considerable
unfavorable criticism. The action of the
commission demanded more than a pass-
Ing explanation. The fact that ten others
were raifed simultaneously with Leavy
does not affect the situation, since it is a
fact that not one of these ten has been
appointed to a bookkeepers' position In
the Board of Public Works. Leavy was
the only one who profited by the change.
The three members of the commission
met Mr. Dohrmann at . the conference,
though In justice to Commissioner Mc-
Carthy It must be said that he was In
Pennsylvania when the specific act of
raising Leavy's examination papers was
accomplished. After an hour's delib
eration in executive session the com
mission gave out a detailed statement in
explanation of Its course. This statement,
together with the opinions of F. W. Dohr
mann. is published In full elsewhere. The
statement of the commission contains an
admission that the papers were revised
and that Leavy's rating was consequently
Increased. This positive fact is not de
nied, but the commission takes refuge be
hind Its positive assertion that Leavy's
Identity was not known to the commission
and that there was no intention to make
it possible for Leavy to retain his posi
tion.
. Alleged Telephone Conversation.
The fact that Leavy was originally sixth
on the eligible Hst became known in some
unaccountable manner as far back aa Sep
tember 18 last to J. Leo Park, secretary
of the Board of Public Works. The ac
cusation Is mAde that Park secured this
interesting bit of information from Chief
Examiner Moran over the telephone. This,
however, is denied point blank by both
Park and Moran. However that may be,
Park expressed much disappointment
when he learned that Leavy stood sixth.
"Something must be done," Bald Park
to one of his intimates. "We cannot get
along without Leavy."
What that "something" was Is not
known, but the charge Is made that later
in the day Park and Commissioner Freud
were seen coming out of the Mayor's pri
vate office together. This simultaneous
exit of Park and Freud from th© Mayor's
office may have been but a coincidence.
Both Park and Freud deny with some in
dignation that they were 4 In the Mayor's
presence- together. Freud claims that It la
evidently a case of mistaken identity. He
says that he has never seen the Mayor
without having one of the other Commis
sioners with him or else In company of
Chief Examiner Moran. Furthermore,
Freud states with equal posltiveness that
When the fact that Leavy's examina
tion papers had been raised became public
property the commission claimed to be
staggered. F. W. Dohrmann, president of
the Merchants Association, upon whose
recommendation Mayor Phelan appointed
Freud as a member of the Civil Service
Commission, was surprised beyond meas
ure. Mr. Dohrmann has ever been a stanch
adherent of the merit system. It was his
ambition that the civil service system
should replace the old method of political
preference In the appointment of the city's
employes, and In this laudable effort he
was supported by the merchants of this
city.
Mr. Dohrmann thought the matter of so
much Importance that he immediately re-
Dohrmann Calls Conference.
The fact remains nevertheless that pre
vious to the reduction in the time for ex
perience Leavy stood sixth on the eligible
Uft of bookkeepers, to which position h^
had been assigned by tne board of ex
amination. It must be known, too, that
examination papers are marked without
the identity of the applicants being known
to the examiners. For this purpose an
identification sheet is used for each ar>
pllcant. which is not opened until after
the papers have been marked.
After the results had been reported by
the examiners the commission, with the
full knowledge of the identity of the vari
ous applicants, took it upon Itself to
change the rating of the applicants by
changing the weight for experience. In
this way Leavy sprang to third p»ac« and
was appointed to the position which he
has held since the commencement of the
present administration. It is equally cer
tain that if Leavy had remained in sixth
place he would not have been selected for
the position. There were only three such
positions to be filled in the Board of Pub
lic Works and as a consequence the com
mission could only certify to the five first
names for-1 the three positions. Three
names are certified for each position but
after an eligible is selected the remaining
two are dropped to be taken up again
when requisition is made for the second
position, and so on. It is easily seen that
had Leavy been permitted to remain in
sixth place he would have been ex
cluded from appointment to either of the
three positions.
Leavy Stood Sixth.
THE Board of Civil Service Com
missioners has committed an of
ficial act which strikes a death
blow to the merit system which
the present administration hrfs
made a pretense of introducing into the
municipal government. By raising: the
percentage of Leonard S. Leavy, •who
took the examination for Bookkeeper in
the office of the Board of Public Works, it
made it possible for Leavy to retain his
present position In that department of the
city. J. Richard Freud, president of the
Civil Service Board, who is the active
member of that body, admits that the
credits given to Leavy by the board of
examiners were raised from S5 to S3 per
cent, which at the same time raised him
from sixth to third place on the eligible
list. Freud, however, says in exfenuatlon
of this questionable proceeding that
Leavy's rating- was not raised in order to
permit of his being- retained as booK
keeper in the Board of Public Works:
Freud asserts with emphasis that the
commission had decided after the exam
ination papers had been marked by the
board of examiners that the maximum
of ten years* experience as bookkeeper
required In the. Board of Works test waa
too great. The fact that only two years'
experience was required of the applicants
for positions as bookkeepers In the Sher
iff's office Induced the Civil Service Com
mission to reduce the maximum of expe
rience required In the Board of Public
"Works from ten .to five; years. Freud
solemnly declares that the commission
did not know that this reduction would
injure or benefit any one of the applicants.
He pays that as a result of the board'*
action the rating of ten other applicants
besides Leavy was changed. '¦"•--
I rrrnaine<1 In «^n<-inn»tf after this convcrRa
ti<>n w'.ih Mr. Campbell, and some time afur
;h.« Arthur <V*bel. in his Ftr»re, upstairs en
tlir fourth floor, whfre I had B"ne at his re-
QUest. atked me it Powers had not in my
pr»i<onc<» in I^arbnurFVlHe, In January, said la
me to substance the«o word*, refcrrlns to
Will-am Uoebrl: --They fay he wear? a coal
of mn:| but it won't do him any good," or
BomeUiini similar to thst. I told Arthur
Gocbel thit Pow«r» hail never said nnythlng
'it i.ic port In iry presence to the heft of my
kn<..w:eJr< . He told me to think ami see if
I DOOM n.-i remember it. ] could n<.-t remem
\*r si>rh * remark and I know that Power*
ntver did mcke such a remark or anything re-
MabUac it in rr.y presence, but being: urged
ny Arthur Goebel. I finally concluded to state
thit he d!d make Fuch e statement and so
e»cre upon tt-e triaj. which testimony was
faifc<-.
Brfnre making my statement to Campbell.
Wharton UnMcn told tnt- to make It as strons
as posKiVi-, as they <referring to Camt.hell ,an.l
Coelx>!». would take cire of me ami orotect
me. I <i«<ir« now to say ifcat I never had but
one conv.rfUlon with Caleb rowers and that
v/a.8 in relation to my going to Frankfort with
l^.e mm on the Eitn of January, and at no
.'.r.c«- ru the name of William Goebel men
tioned or referred to in any way or connec
tion by Caleb Po«<rs.
I desire furthermore to state th*! either upon
the occasion O f the first conversation with
Campbell or the' day after. I received from him
130 in cash «n<l since that .vjnvf-rsatiorj I have
received from him. hoth before and after I was
a v.ixr.est at Georretown in the Powers case,
various sums of money, and I have, sin^e such
ronvf r?a:ion with Campbell ani Arthur Goebel,
received from Arthur Uo»b<-1 v.-rl<yis turns, ag
greratlr.g atnut J30*\ an'J upon /ne occasion
$10 from Justus O<xtw-!. The last cum I re
ceived was on Tuesday. October 23. 13.10. which
was So. s-iven me by Colonel Campbell at his
office In Cincinnati. Just prior to giving me
this So Camrbel! had telephoned to Arthur
Ooelrf-1 to come to hi« office, which Goebel
<Ud. ar.d "hen he arrived at Campbell 1 * office
he went into a private offl^e with Cajnpbril
and Campbell came out and handed me J5.
believe That my testimony in the trial of
< ..aleb Powers aidtd in his conviction, and I am
unwilling longer to puffer in silence by reason
o. the thought that the falsity of my state
ments have filled in convicting Caleb "Powers.
<
LOl'ISVILLE, Ky., Oct. 30.— The Even
ing Post to-day prints an affidavit of Fin
ley B. Anderson, a telegraph operator,
who testified against Caleb Powers, when
the latter was convicted of complicity in
the murder of Governor Goebel. In which
Anderson denif-s certain important state
ments that he made on the witness stand
in the Power? trial. Anderson tollK of
meeting Attorney Campbell in Cincinnati
£nd continues in his altidavlt:
Colonel Campbell told ire that Joe Owens
had told him that I had taid that Caleb Pow
tis. at the hotel In Barboursville. prior to th<»
£ith of January, had used these words, speak
ing OJ William GcwL*l: "It we cannct g«-t him
fc.:l»-d. «nd it is npcwssr}', I will kill him
myfcejf.*' 1 taid to Mr. Campbell that I had
t id no ore any cuc»r thlrg an-i that Poweu
haa not made mch a ftatfr.ent to me. <_"smi«
foell and Owens ir.s-i'tpd I nj..1 mad» su.-n a
natement. .and I a:ien»a:d. uix%n Camiihell's
tii^Sef tion. siit <icwn an-J wrote out a s-tate
fntr.t in which I inclu<ie>i the foregoing s-tatc
ment of Powers,} which was untrue In every
particular nr.i u^on the mal of 1'aieh Powera
[<«wore to :t as a fact, uhen In trutn It was
His Evidencs.
Goebel After He Had Given
PERJURED HIMSELF
IN POWERS' TRIAL
Witness Makes an Affidavit
That His Testimony
Was False.
—+
Declares That Hs Was Paid by At
torney Campbell and Arthur
-'Neither Secretary Park of the Board of Pub
lic -Works nor . any other person ¦ In or outside
of the City Hall had spoken to any member of
There was. absolutely no other reason for this
chouse. It was not done to benefit or Injure
any . applicant. The relative rank of Mr.
Leavy on the eligible list was not known to
the commission when the experience , schedule
The. only reason for the change in the sched
ule of experience for the - bookkeepers' exam
ination In the Board of Public Works waa the
sreat disparity between the time list for the
Board of Public Works - and • that set for the
Sheriff's office. In the case of the Sheriff's
office the maximum time was fixed at two
years, whereas for the Board of Public Works
it was fixed at ten years. As the position Is
a bookkeeper in each case and receives the
same salary, the Civil Service Commission con
sidered the difference too great. Accordlnrly
it was reduced from ten years to five years.
The official statement Issued by the
Civil Service * Commission explains Its
reasons for the change in the schedule
of experience, but- is silent as to the
notorious fact- that Leavy was ' jumped
from sixth. to third place, and the conse
quent retaining of. Leavy, In his position.
The statement follows:
Statement of : Commission.
The dangerous part in the proceeding
of changing the rating of civil service ap
plicants after their Identity has become
known, which was the case when the
examination papers of the bookkeepers in
the office of the Board of Public Works
were revised by the commission, is ap
parent. The only safeguard to protect
the civil service applicant lies in the fact
that his identity Is unknown to the Board
of Examiners until after his papers have
been . marked. Then the identification
sheet is torn open and the credits for his
experience is marked upon it. In Leavy's
case the Board of Examiners, consisting
of John Pettee, Cyril Williams and S. P.
Johnston, had marked his papers aa fol
lows:
Experience 80, bookkeeping . 70, general
knowledge 100, letter writing 90.
• By a system of weights accorded to
each subject Leavy's percentage was as
certained to be 85. This made him sixth
on the list. It was then that i the com
mission changed the figures for experi
ence from SO to 100, as- a result of the re
duction In experience necessary for a
perfect credit, - which increased his total
percentage to 89. ¦ ,
Changing the Figures.
It is a fact, however, that two or three
days after Park's lamentable discovery
that his friend Leavy stood sixth on the
eligible list the list of successful candi
dates for the position of bookkeeper in the
office of the Board of- Public Works was
announced, and lo and behold, Leavy 's
name appeared third instead of sixth. The
reduction In the maximum of experience
from ten to five years had operated to
Leavy's benefit. The day afterward the
Board of Public Works made a requisition
for two bookkeepers. The names of the
four highest on the list were sent to It by
the commission, and T. J. Crowley and
Leonard S. Leavy, both of whom were ap
pointed by the board last January, were
selected to fill their own positions.
Leavy Suddenly Becomes Third.
he has never been approached in any way
by any person to advance the standing of
any civil service eligible.
COMMISSIONERS MAKING THEIR EXPLANATION'S TO PRESIDENT
DOHRMANN OF THE MERCHANTS' ASSOCIATION OF HOW
CHANGES THAT ELEVATED LEAVY HAPPENED TO BE MADE.
Denied in Official Circles.
CARACAS. Venezuela, Oct. 30.— It is de
nied In official circles that Venezuela con
templates leasing a port on Margarita
Island to Germany.
ATLANTA. Ga.. Oct. 30.— In his annual
report to the Governor. Adjutant General
Byrd recommends that the negro troops
of the State be disbanded and mustered
out of Bervice. because, he believes, they
cannot be of any service to the State from
a military standpoint.
Would Disband Negro Troops.
¦WINNIPEG, Oct. 30.— A dispatch from
Edmonton says the house of a settler by
the name of Hutsko at Egg Lake East,
was burned down a few days ago,, five
little children losing their lives In the
building. , !.,.•'
Egg Lake East.
Five Idttle Ones Lose Their lives at
CHILDREN BURNED TO DEATH.
I do Dot desire to sro Into particulars In re
gard to these charges. The commission la
amply able to speak for Itself and -to explain
ita motives as well as Us actions. I am glad
to state, however, that I have no reason to
doubt that any action they have taken In this
particular matter, as well as generally, has
been prompted by a sincere desire to make the
efforts I of the commission effective and to be
fair and Just to all applicants, without per
sonal preference, all of which is borne out by
the results of their previous work and shown In
the personnel of the appointees under the new
system, as well as by the fact that all their
examinations have . been i public and all the
papers are subject to full investigation. In
addition, the , standing of these gentlemen In
other callings has been such that they are. In
my Judgment, certainly . entitled to the full,
absolute and unqualified confidence of this
community. *
I exceedingly regret the. charges that the
Civil Service' Commission, particularly Mr.
Freud, has caused certain actions to be taken
in order to favor an applicant for the posi
tion of bookkeeper in the Board of Public
Works. •
The directors of the Merchants" Association
permitted Its secretary, Mr. Freud, to become a
member of the Civil Service Commission for th©
sole purpose that civil service might be intro
duced under the new charter fairly, intelli
gently, honestly and without reference to poli
tical parties or party services. In consequence
It became my 'duty as president of the Mer
chants' Association to keep In close touch with
the work of ¦ the commission, and therefore I
feel' that I am in a position to state that bo far
as results have- been obtained and considering
the many obstacles and difficulties which had
to be overcome and the opposition which had
to bo met with, the results of the work of
this commission, so far as they have been at
tained, have fully Justified the hopes and con
fidence of all friends of civil service reform.
Immediately after the conference last
night, Mr. Dohrmann, as representative
of the Merchants' Association, stated as
tho result of the investigation that tho
Civil Service Commission could only be
accused of being indiscret In changing the
schedule of experience. He expressed con
fidence In the commission, 1 however, and
dictated the following:
Dohrmann Defends Commission.
"The changing of the maximum time
required for experience in the bookkeep
er s examination was entirely an Imper
sonal matter." said Mr. Freud at the close
of the conference with President Dohr
m ,ann of the Merchants' Association. "The
Civil Service Commission has all along
reserved to Itself the ri#ht to revise the
work of the board of examiners in mark
ing examination papers. When we con
cluded to reduce the experience require
ment no eligible list had been made by
the commission, though the papers had
been marked by the examiners. Though
tne Identification sheets were open the
applicants were unknown to either Mr.
Quinn or myself. That is. we paid no at
tention to the names of the applicants.
u e believed that the commission would
be subjected to unfavorable criticism for
unfavorable discrimination In requiring
ten years' experience for bookkeepers in
the Board of Public Works and only two
years for Sheriff's bookkeepers. We
therefore determined to equalize matters
by reducing the maximum limit for the
Board of Public Works.
"At no time has the commission been
approached in the interest of Leavy or
any other man In or out of the City Hall
Mr. Quinn and myself had never spoken
about Leavy. I have never seen tho
Mayor In the presence of Park nor has the
latter ever spoken to me. about Leavy."
Freud Explains.
the commission about the examination, certifi
cation or appointment of Mr. Leavy.
Mr. Freud did not at any time visit the of
fice of Mayor Phelan with Secretary Park, nor
was ho ever in the office of Mayor Phelan at
the same time as Secretary Park. Neither
Secretary Park nor Mayor Phelan nor any
other person In the city government ever spoke
to Mr. Freud concerning the examination or
certification or appointment of Mr. Leavy.
In none of the rulings of the Civil Service
Commission has there ever been the slightest
Intention to injure or benefit any acDllcant.
The decisions of the commission In all mat
ters are -made without regard to any r>erson
or any aDDllcant. Notwithstanding any state
ments that may be published to the contrary,
the Civil .Service Commission feels assured
that any impartial Investigation of Us work
v.-lll justify the declaration that not the slight
est favoritism has ever be*-n shown. All the
proceedings of the commission are open to the
j Dviblic and all examination papers and other
documents are always open and' free to public
inspection. The commission cordially Invites
any citizen to visit Its office and will afford
every facility for a fair and full Investigation
: of Its proceedings.
Differences Being Adjusted and Soon
All Men Will Return to Their
Places in the Coal
Fields.
— »
HAZLETON. Pa., Oct. 3O.-The men em
ployed at the collieries of the Lehigh and
Wilkesbarre Coal Company met to-day
and adopted a resolution requesting the
company to abolish the sliding scale and
guarantee to pay the 10 per cent Increase
until April 1. The company immediately
agreed to the proposition and posted no
tices to-night. Work will be resumed as
soon as the mines can be put in shape.
A. Pardee & Co. hired seventy-five new
men at their Cranberry colliery to-day to
take the places of striking miners who
have not reported for work. Many of the
union men are still on strike at this mine
because of the refusal of the firm to rein
state the union engineers. Pardee & Co.
have refused to reinstate the men at Lat
tlmer who went on strike and got their
settlement. They announce that if these
men want work they must reapply.
The Oneida and Derringer collieries of
Cox Brothers <fe Co. began operations to
day, and the Cranberry mine, operated by
A. Pardee fe Co.. which was idle yester
day on account of the men refusing to re
turn to work unless the suspended "loki"
onirtneers are reinstated, also resumed,
but not with a full force.
The Lehigh and Wilkesbarre Company's
mines are still Idle, but otherwise every
thing is moving along smoothly In this
district.
Mine Operators Make All
the Concessions Asked
by Strikers.
COLLIERIES ARE
RESUMING WORK
i WASHINGTON, Oct. 3O.-The official I
announcement of the total population of
the United States for 1900 is 76,235,220, of |
; which .74,627,007 are contained In the forty- I
'five . States representing approximately I
! the population to be used for apportion- j
ment purposes. There is' a total at 134433]
Indians not taxed. The total population I
In lsSO, with which me aggregate popu- j
lation of the. present census should be
compared, was 63,0tW,756. Taking the 1830
population i as a basis there has been a
gain in. population ol 13.225,464 during the |
last ten years, representing an Increase
of nearly 21 per cent. *t*v
-Following is the - otneial announcement
of- the population of the United Slates in,
irOO by. diates. In the hfjures the first ceJ-»'
Aimn represents the census for WX) and tne !
second. 1S9JJ and the third column when i
.given represents ' the number of Indians!
not taxed:
Alabama 1.S2S.697 1.513.017 J
Arkansas l.ill.iW 1.123.179 |
Cali/ornia :.-- 1.4S.-.,053 1.KS.130 1.543 |
Colora3o £39.700 412.1 '8 597 '
ConteCticUt ...: 2t,'S.355 , 748,253
Dtlaware 1H733 1 16S.I53
Florida ."..... I '628.H! V3S1.422
Georgia- 2,116.32* 1.S37.353
Idaho 161,771 84.3S5 i,ZH~
Illinois 4.S21.55* 3.re6.J»l
Indiana 2.516.463 2.192.4O1
Iowa 2,:;U29 1.911J95
Kansas 1.4t».4?« 1,427,0%
Kentucky 2.147,174 l.S.',9.635
Louisiana 1.SS1.S27 1.118.387
Maine G34.366 661. 0S6
Maryland 1.1S9.94* 1.042.3»)
Massachusetts 2.805,348 2,23^.943 |
Michigan 2,413.782 3.W3.8S3
Minnesota 1.751.335 1.301.826 1.768
Mississippi 1.551.372 . 1.2S9.S0O i
MlKSOUri 3.107.117 2.679.1S4
Montana 243,2*9 j 132.159 1O.74«
Nebraska .„ 1,068.901 1,063,910
Nevada 42.334 45.761 1.665
New Hampshire.... 411.589 376,530
New Jersey 1.SS3.663 M4K933
New York 7.265.009 5.W7.853 4,711
North Carolina 1.891.993 1,617.947
Nerth Dakota 319. C40 1S2.719 4,632
Ohio 4,157.545 3,<72,3:6 t
Ortson 413.532 313.757
Pennsylvania 6,301.365 5.25S014
Rhode Island 42S.556 34».50«
South Carolina 1.340.312 1.131. 145
South t>akota 401.563 32S.S08 10.E33
Tennessee 2,022,723 1,7«7.513 ...;..
Texas 3,14S.«:'< 2.235.523 ;.....
Utah : 276.56T. 2"7.305 1,473
Vermont 343.641 332.422
Virginia 1.854. 1S4 1.65o,S*0
517.672 349.330 2.D31
West Virginia 95S,90») 7G2.734
Wisconsin : 2,0«S,SC3 1.6S6.S0O- 1.657
Wyoming 92.331 x6O,703-
Totals 74.627.907 62,116.811 44,617
Territories, etc. — .
Alaska (estimate).. 44,000 32,062
Arizona 122,212 59.62D 24.64*
Dist. of Columbia.. 278,713 230,302
Hawaii 154.001 89.990 r- ......
Irdlan Territory 331.9«> 1S0.192 5*5.033
New Mexico 193,777 153,533 2.937
Oklahoma 33S.245 61,834 6,927
Persons In Bervice
of United States
Btatloned abroad
(estimated) 84.000 .' .-
Indians, etc.. on In- ¦•'.'.'.¦ v
dlan reservations,
except Indian Ter
ritory 145.2S2
Totals for seven
Territories, etc. 1.667,313 952.943 89.541
The - Alaskan figures are derived from !
partial data only and all returns for
Alaska and for certain military organiza
tions, stationed abroad prlnciplly in the
Philippines, have not yet been received.
The cost of th© administration of the
Census Bureau up to this date, including
the expense incident to the preliminary
work, as well as the cost of the enumer
ation and supervision, is $6,361,961, of
which over ?4,0u0,000 has been expendea
for supervision and enumeration.
Gain During the Past Ten Years 13
Over Thirteen Millions, Repre
senting an Increase of Nearly
Twenty-One Per Cent.
Over Seventy-Six Millions
. of People Domiciled in
This Country.//
TOTAL POPULATION
IS ANNOUNCED
SERIOUS SCANDAL INVOLVES
CIVIL SERVICE COMMISSION
Leonard S. Leavy Is Raised From Sixth to Third Place
That He May Be Made a Bookkeeper. '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 31, 1900.
- BERLIN,-: Oct. 30.— Yvette \ Guilbert, « the
French music • hall " artist, . Is. in Berlin ¦• to
undergo, a • dangerous i surgical - operation
for the relief of i her \ throat. ; -i ;••:». a; : s
To Undergo an Operation.
. •BERLIN,'- Oct.' \: 30.— Referring :to the
statement that Prince Christian of Schles
wig-Holsteln is : in Berlin " in • connection
with divorce , proceedings that are,pending
between , his : daughter,' Princess ; Louise
Augusta; - and , Prince Aribert .- of ' Anhalt,
the ¦ papers : say that • It was not ; the wife
but^ the- husband,. who i took, the initiative
In the matter, and -they lntimate.that the
trial vwlll ; develop \ highly - sensational ! tes
timony against . the Princess. -
Highly Ssnsational Testimony Ex
pected' in Divorce ] Suit of
. Prince : Aribert.
PBOSPECTIVE SCANDAI,
INVOLVING A PRINCESS
- Every ; possible effort i is being . made to
stay, its progress ; and. the Indian Bureau
Is forwarding vaccine virus to the various
agencies. Lieutenant ¦•¦- Colonel Randlett,
in charge of ' the Kiowai Indian Agency in
Oklahoma, v telegraphs > that' smallpox - is
epidemic on- the Wichita reservation and
that fifty ' cases have ; occurred '. among the
children : at ¦ the I Riverside : Indian - Board
ing School on that j reservation. : t The dis
ease v also " has .y appeared ' at 'the = Cache
Creek Mission and at the St. : Patrick Mis
sion,*- > on ; * the ' 'Apache, > Kiowav and Co
manche:. Reservation.". ¦-.« No ' death . have
been r reported < thus ¦ far and ' no alarm ? is
.manifested by the . Indians. From- the
WASHINGTON, - Oct. 80.— Smallpox has
broken out oh 'a number 'of Indian reser
vations In the West and It is feared that
when • the Ccold 'weather; sets 5 in ; the epi
demic, will become' more and
assume a more malignant form. •
Disease Is Now Epidemic at
Several Western Res
ervations. •,
SMALLP OX RACING
AMONG INDIANS
Colville Agency at Miles, "Wash., Agent
Anderson reports that smallpox la preva
lent among the Indians on the Coeur
d'Alene Reservation, nine cases having
developed so far. A strict quarantine of
the infected district has been established
and disinfectants and vaccine have been
purchased by the agent. From the Fort
Hall Agency, in Idaho, Agent Caldwell re
ports : that the smallpox is increasing in
that vicinity and. that many- ¦ cases are
predicted' when cold weather begins. A
thorough vaccination of pupils is the only
protection for the Fort Hall School pupils.
Complaint is made of the vaccine avail
able, only.- three out of fifty primary vac
cinations of ' small ; children proving suc
cessful, v United States Senator Shoup of
Idaho. reports that smallpox is prevalent
at Blackfoot and Pocatello, and that fear
is entertained that .' It will extend to
the : Indians. ¦* The ; disease < also has ; been
reported from Valentine, Nebr., the ship
ping point for the Rosebud Agency. •
From - a scientific standpoint the , men
were about 'evenly matched, and It ;was
Parker's strength that did ¦;; the work."
Parker weighed; in this . afternoon ¦ at 131*4
pounds, Kane at 133 pounds.' A fair sized
crowd saw the fight./
ly. They mixed It up again, and a series
of hard rights put Kane groggy. Parker
followed him up with right and . left
swings and Kane went down for nine sec
onds. He gt)t up very groggy and Parker
waded Into him to finish him. The gong
saved Kane. ¦ ; .
In t*he fifth round Kane came up weak
and Parker started after him with right
and left swings to the chin, nose -.and
head, with an occasional stiff right
straight to the heart. Kane' went down
again for nine seconds. With . blood all
over his face and breast, Kane rose slow
ly to his feet and snot his right to Par
ker's head, following it with lefts and
rights to body and head, dazing the Den
ver boy. It looked, as though Kane. had
Becureq a new lease of life, and the crowd
went wild with excitement.. But l Parker
began again to make a punching bag of
Kane's head and gradually wore him
down so that he could not hold up his
arms to defend himself finally falling
over on the mat when Referee Cullin
counted him out. Kane got ' up and
dragged: himself to his corner and sat
down groaning with pain. , .¦¦, ..
Kane's wonderful gameness i. and vital
ity was the comment of all, and when he
looked about gone he .would- frequently
whip his right over on Parker's head,'
jarring him to his toes. :-'3tt£^p«q|aBtM
4
The Day's Dead
! TIREY L. FORD
*;:;H ¦ .¦¦. ¦ ;-on--v :¦:..¦
I: IMPERIALISM AND TRUSTS
J TONIGHTatODD FELLOWS'"
j HALL, Market and S:vcntti Sts
ADVUaTISEDCEirTS.
With a brand n«w
stock and a brand new
store, we're ready to sell
you the best of shoes at
¦ satisfactory prices.
We're a new firm in a
big city, and we're going:
to set a price standard to
establish a price reputa-
tion.
Here's a few shoe f
values you can't af-
ford to miss:
Women's patent leath-
er . walking shoes;
hand-welt. hea.vy sole,
• lace, kid tops — the new
mannish last; a splen-
did street shoe at
an attractive tf o 9/r
- price $0.40
Men's every-day win-
ter shoes— first-class
box calf, kid lined;
bulldog: to*?, on th«
latest last; lace, nand-
'welt; you couldn't
get better val-C^i.nn
ue; at .Jrt.UU
-Liiitt & Eisto,
I Up-to-date Shoes of
I Quality.
1 945 Market St.,
I . Hale's Former Store.
li=3&'.,*' ¦ - ¦ 'I
DR. NEYEKS j^9t%
Specialists is| *!!$&>
Disease and weak- Yv k\ I /«il
ness of men. Es- £f3&A
tabllshed 1SS1. Con-
6ultatlon free. N?*aS'^^wl
7,'$1 Market st. J^^gfflggJKy
(elevator entranc«). TT^ f1rrTr&
San Francisco. -^Sl^kraffi^^i
LADD'S GUN STORE,
EnSSP^'" 421 Kurar st.. s. r.. tor
WP* Fishing Tackle and Sporting
«.'«-*.#. P** 1 "- Tb« largest stock on
the Pacific Coast of every description. 8«nd t
cents in postage stamps for th* latest SO-cavs)
Illustrated catalogue. No. 4.
>gS.OEWEY,STR0NG aCO.^^gfr
(L f)
VS^330 MARKET ST.S^aSr
DIREGTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
-ATTORNEY.
F. H. MERZBACH. lawyer.
SOS California St.. Cnnl* boUdlny.
COAL, COKE A>D PIQ IRON.
JT WH QflV & C(\ t0 ° Battery Strm.
•t- ITiLoUil a IU-. Telepnon* Main UM.
COPPERSMITH.
C W CMITH Ship Plumbing. Steamboat and
• IT- J Jill 11- ship Work a specialty. 18 and
18 Washington it. Telephone Main UAL -¦
ELECTRICAL. .
D. JX WASS. '
Electrical Engineer. M East st.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
I4C RftVCC * C(\ Shipping, Butcher*. 104
JA3- DUICj tt IU- Oar- Tel. Mate 134.
OALVANIZINO AND METALS.
Iff*. A Dealer la Metals * OalTaalslnr. JOZEV
FINN METAL WORKS. Xli Howard st.
1 ... I'-t^'Ai. ' METAL.
Extra Ilaotrp* and - stereotype metal. Pactflo
Metal Works. 1T7-* First St.. San rranetseo.
_______ OIL& '
LUBRICATING OILfl. LEONARD * ELU3.
I «18 Front st., B. F. Paea* Maln-lTlt.
PAINTS. . •$ -
Cylinder A Lubricating Oils. Schneider's Mlaln;
Candles. C O. CLINCH & CO.. 9 Front. 8. F.
¦-. 'PRINTINOV- 1
EC HITfiHFS • PRINTER.
f PRINTER S. . BOOK BINDERS.
THE HICKS-JUDD CO..
¦¦ • .- - ' O Flrrt St.. San Franglscix
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Te> gS. p , hl ° PARTRID6E
market. Offlc* and Tarflaiiso jSafca irtrtSL
that's all. No energy, no
', vim, no vigor, no ambition...
..T-he head aches, thoughts
are confused, memory fails.
Life becomes a round of
work,\but . half accom-
plished, of eating that does
not nourish, of sleep that
fails to refresh and of
: resting that never rests.
That's the bemnning of
nervous prostration.
"I was tired all the time, could not
sleep and was all broke up. I was
very nervous, had no appetite for food
ana no amhiton for work. Began us-
. ing Dr. Miles* Nervine and it made a
new man of nie in a short time."
' D. R. COFFMAN.
Bloomsburc, Pa,
D*. Miles'
Nefviiie
strengthens the worn-out
nerves, refreshes the tired
briin and restores health.
Sold by druggists on guarantee.
Dr. 1 Miles Medical Co.. Elkhart. Ind.Reserves for That the Information Regarding
His Sojourn in Mines of the Frozen North.
LUCKY BALDWIN RETURNS
TO WRITE NOME'S HISTORY
"LUCKY" BALDWIN, A MAKER OF HISTORY AND RETURNED NO,
MAD, WHO INTENDS TO DEVOTE SOME TIME TO THE COMPILA
TION OF AN AUTOBIOGRAPHY.
Tuolumne Water Company announces
that water will be turned into Its main
ditch at noon to-morrow and that the
Phoenix Lake power plant will be supply
ing electric power to the several mines
Thursday morning. The companies hava
everything In readiness for commencing
operations at once. Mine, managers report
a scarcity ot good miners in this district
at present.
The passenger list includes several
prominent physicians, among the number
being Dr. A. C. Thompson and Lieuten-
When the Meade left Manila there were
252 sick soldiers on board. At Nagasaki
9 more were taken on board", making a
total of 261.
Several of the Meade's passengers were
landed last evening. Lieutenant Colonel
W. F. Springer of the Sixteenth United
States Infantry, located in the island of
Luzon, was • among those who came
ashore. He is at the Occidental. Colonel
Springer is in poor health, and: his trip
here is a sad one, he having accompanied
the remains of his son, Lieutenant Spring
er, who was killed in the Philippines
while participating In an engagement. •
Lieutenant Colonel John L. Tiernon !s
on his way to. New York, where he has
been ordered by the Government to report
for special duty. He -was formerly Chief
of Police at Manila.
There were 49 discharged soldiers, 1 en
listed United States army man on fur
lough. 9 dishonorably discharged soldier3,
9 enlisted men, United States navy; 1 dis
charged enlisted man, United States
navy; 22 enlisted men, United States
army, on certificates of disability; 5 in
sane enlisted men; 15 enlisted men, hos
pital, corps, United States army, in at
tendance on the sick; 1 deported civilian;
9 enlisted men, guard on transport, and 5
steerage civilian passengers from Naga
saki. .,:-. V
ant L/T. Hess. Both are in poor health
and they have come home to recuperate.
F. T. Windsor of Wheeling, W. Va., re
turns after spending a year In Manila.
Mr. Windsor is a capitalist. He went to
the Philippines to Invest in tobacco plan
tations. He is at the Russ. He says
everything: is in a chaotic state In the
islands just now and the interest in the
election outcome is almost as intense em
itis in the States. The natives all waat
to see Bryan elected, as they have the
Impression that under a Democratic ad
ministration every soldier will be with
drawn from the islands and they will be
allowed' to govern themselves as for
merly.
Thomas -M. Sullivan, who has been con
nected with. the Custom-house In Manila
in the capacity of ' chief inspector. • also
came ashore last evening.
During the voyage the following dle-i
at sea: James Thompson, private Com
pany G, Forty-seventh Infantry: Harry
Henderson/ private. Company u, Twenty
ei&hth Infantry: Fred Treaper.' private.
Company F, Thirty-ninth Infantry; Jo
seph Ldllylate,:. ex-soldier; Idas H Tom
linson private, Company D. Thirty-ninth
Infantry; Dennis Kelly, private, Company
G Twenty-first Infantry; Wlllard Stoner
private. vCompany'C, Thirty-ninth In
n rlli'^°^% A i- Hurt> J> rtva te, Company
G. Thirtieth Infanry. ' . _
;' T « e b, odlea of eleven soldiers who died
in Manila were also on board.
The United States transport Meade ar
rived In this port last evening, twenty
nine days from Manila and nineteen days
from Nagasaki, Japan. The vessel is com
manded by Captain Wilson, who brought
the huge transport over the bar after
nightfall.
Following Is a Hat of the cabin passen
gers on the Meade: Lieutenant Colonel
W. F. Springer. Lieutenant Colonel John
L. Tiernon, Major H. D. Thomason and
wife. Master Thomason. Major John A.
Baldwin, Captain R. Calverley." Mrs. J.
8. Swltzer and child. Lieutenant A. C.
Thompson. Lieutenant L. T. Hess. C. F.
De May, J. S. White. John C. Lewis, Cap
tain F. E. Foss, Henry H. Brown, J. W>
Erwln. Miss Erwin, Mrs. A. R. Woolfe,
child and nurse, Mrs. E. P. Crowne, Mrs.
A. S. Alexander, Miss Helen Pow. Mrs.
Ducat. Mrs. Evans, George G. FairchiM.
Charles W. Moss. George F. Brodenstern,
Thomas M. Sullivan; Charles Steinberger,
T. Windsor, Senor Luis de Yza. Lieuten
ant J. Y. Jayne. Miss Mary Kitrlng, Ed
L. Keen. Captain J. A. Lockwood.
The contract nurses on board were Miss
Elizabeth Mitchell, Miss Minnie A. Win
shaw. Miss Ellen L. White and Miss Gen
evieve Russell.
The second-class passengers were: J.
M. Thomas, M. G. Baker, Samuel P.
Jones, John A. Lennon, B. E. Miller.
George A. Long, W. B. Nutter and
Thomas Wright.
TRANSPORT MEADE IN PORT WITH
MANY OFFICERS AND SOLDIERS
Lieutenant Colonel Springer Brings Home the Remains of His
Only Son, Who Was Shot Down by the Filipinos.
"Have you any plans, Mr. Baldwin?"
"I shall see . Hull McGlaughry," said
"Lucky." At this moment and before he
could enlarge on his new son-in-law a
bellboy entered with pens. Ink and paper
and with a wave of his hand "Lucky"
signified his desire to be left with the
muses. ¦ . ; •
"Not what It was cracked up to be," re
plied "Lucky," completing the sentence.
"Lucky's" literary labors will commenco
to-day, so he says. Maybe th© Ellen Ter
ry blonde was his stenographer.
"Are you glad to be back In San Fran
cisco, Mr. Baldwin?" was asked.
"My hist"— began "Lucky,'-' and then
the blonde broke in — --v-.
"Ot course he Is."
E^ J. BALDWIN, known from
Xome to New York- as
"Lucky," returned to San
• Francisco from the former
place yesterday morning and
registered at the Baldwin Annex.
Although the sun snone out yesterday
afternoon Mr. Baldwin stood in the bay
window of suite No. 2 in an overcoat.
He has grown stouter, but this is the only
Indication that Nome has agreed wit'a
him.
Scarcely had "Lucky" taken up his seat
In the window when the frou-frou of
skirts outside his door caused him with
his well-known gallantry to seek his feet.
It was his daughter, Anita, whose
graceful form, clad 'n a smart frock of
red, sank in a peaceful heap at "Lucky's"
feet and wept. "Lucky" patted the bru •
nette's head laid so confidingly on his
paternal knee. The air grew moist with
sobs. The carpet resembled the tundra.
"Leave me with my daughter," said the
man from Nome, and those who had as
sembled to do him reverence and others
withdrew.
After Anita, radiant, had left her parent
"Lucky" held a levee, during which his
friends asked Questions and he looked
wise. '. - . ¦
"I am writing a history of my adven
tures In Nome," said tne returned adven
turer, "which I shall take around to the
newspapers."
"Did you do well In Nome?" was asked
of the old man.
"I am writing a history," was his re
ply.
"Can you not tell us If the prospects
there are what they are represented to
be?"
"I am writing a history," and "Lucky"
swelled with importance.
"Do you Intend to return there, Mr.
Baldwin?"
"My history will tell."
"Do you believe the claims you have
taken up will prove to be rich?"
"Look in my history."
At this stage of the interview a Burne-
Jones blonde; with an Ellen Terry chin,
sailed into the room.
"Why. E. J.," said this vision. In great
apparent surprise at tho old gentleman In
the window.
"Why, Laura. Is that you?" said "E. J."
in response, and Laura coyly admitted her
identity.
"Have you heard I am. writing a his
tory?" said "Lucky" to Laura.
"Why, no! A history!"
"Yes; for the. newspapers."
"You will sell It to them?" '
"I suppose so," with a glance at the
interviewer.
"Then Nome is"—
SOLDIER'S BREAK
FOR LIBERTY IS
UNSUCCESSFUL
Shot at Several Times, but
Succeeds in Reaching
Cover.
?
But He Is Found in a Ditch by the
Corporal of the Guards — I>is
charged Soldier Loses
His Reason.
Seven shots fired In rapid succession
startled the residents near the Presidio
yesterday and caused many of thCsol
diers to think that they were once again
on the firing line. The cause of the fusil
lade vras the dash for liberty of one of the
general prisoners. Under charge of the
guard, the prisoners were being brought
back to work. , They were marching close
to the board walk near the entrance to
the grounds, when William Johnson, who j
is serving a sentence of five years, cleared
the railing: at a bound and disappeared
In the bui-hes. Shot after snot was fired,
but the tret s prevented any expert marks
manship. The corporal of the pruard fol
lowed the desperate fellow into the under
brush for several hundred yards and final
ly located him in a ditch. He was hauled
out and Font bo work with the rest of the
eo-ng. As a rule once a prisoner gets into
the dense woods in the neighborhood of |
the. Presidio his escape is almost certain.!
the' recapture of this ir.an being the Jlrst
in many attempts. He will be confined In
the dungeons at Aloatruz for several days
and in addition will lo^e the credits gain
ed by him for good behavior.
James Ross, a discharged soldier, ap
peared at tho Presidio yesterday for ex
amination as to his sanity. He acted in a j
perfectly sane manner until the attend
ants a-tiempted to lead him to the insane
ward, when he became violent,' and It re
quired several men to carry him there
and conflm him in the padded cell. He
will be turned over to the city authorities.
The ttsting of the guns and mortars at
the Presidio, under the supervision of
Captain Orozier. still goes on. Yesterday
the 10-inch puns mounted on disappearing \
carriages were fired several times and
worked to the entire satisfaction of the
ordnance expert.
Thirteen volunteers were discharged
yesterday. The manner In which the men
are discharged makes it possible for the
officers to handle a large number during
the day.
The following order has been Issued:
"Colonel Samuel M. Mansfield is relieved
from his present duties at San Francisco,
to take effect November 23, and will pro
ceed to and take station at Cleveland,
Ohio, and relieve Colonel Jared A. Smith
of the duties now In his charge. Colonel j
Smith upon being thus relieved will pro- I
ceed to and take station at San Fran
cisco and asjume the duties of division
engineer of the Pacific Division and all
other duties now in chaxge of Colonel
Mansfield."
Now Is Your Time.
. $4 ladle.s' t shoes, $4 men's shoes, , all are
being sold for $1 9O.a pair.: .These are from
the large shoe l, stock .of the .'Rochester
Shoe ¦ Co. that is being' eacriflced ' at ¦ the
Bee r Hive Sho© Co., 717 ¦ Market street;
near Third. • •
•¦,•;¦"..-»¦-¦- " ¦ . ¦ . ¦• ¦ - r ':¦¦¦>'-"".
Claims f or s Insane ¦ Criminals.
Attorney;: Hughes of the : State Commis
sioners of ( Lunacy 'filed claims .with _.the
Board = : of •' Supervisors ' yesterday "' for " the
expense of keeping insane criminals. - The
claims " include J1835 ¦¦¦ f or. ? the Mendocmo
State Hospital", and $2277 'for -the Agnews
State Hospital.
Missing Man Found in Park
Joseph Michael, Francis ¦ O'Hare, the' old
man who has been missing frcm his home
at 642 Jessie ' street, was i found last I nl^ht
in .-Union 1 -; square'"" by .•¦- OfBcer.^Hurd and
Car«.",He was seated on a bench and pre
paring for l a" \ night's - rest: ; . He , had ; re
moved . his shoes and ¦ coat : and ;. was | about
to curl up on a bench to go to: sleep; al
though rain ;was falling. -. He . win 're
moved ¦ to ¦ the • Receiving . Hospital, : where
he will ' be \ lield pending arrival of ; his
friends.
Business Men Organize.
* The Julius Kahn -Business ' Men's Club
will . hold - a . rally In; Metropolitan Temple
to-morrow night. The audience will be
addressed by Julius Kahn and prom
inent business men interested in his fight.
In addition ¦ to ' the speeches a fine musi
cal programme will be rendered. . Ushers
will attend to the seating of the audience.
Nunan Held for Trial.
Thomas Nunan, driver of a beer wagon
for the Hlbernia Brewery, .was* held 'yes-'
terday for trial by ; United States Court
Commissioner Heacock. He was released
on giving bonds in the • sum i of $1000. % Nu
nan was detected by United States Inter
nal Revenue Agent Thomas in' substitute
ing a canceled revenue stamp . for •¦ a new
one on a beer keg. On* his person;:. were
found thirty-seven canceled vbeer stamp*-,
which he admitted he intended to use, in
the same way. ''^^SfSSKUBSSOttBBSmBBSSBSSl
CAPXISTS BECOME ACTIVE.
House of a Relative of the Duke of
Solfemo Searched.
. MADRID, Oct. 30.— Several bands o*.
Carlists have appeared In the neighbor
hood of Barcelona, Three priests have
been arrested in Barcelona in connection
with • the Carlist' activity. Their quarters
were searched , and important documents
found.
The Carlist. movement was timed to
commence a fortnight hence, but it broke
out prematurely. .
;* A band of thirty Carlists are reported to
be near Berga, a town forty-one miles
north of Barcelona.
- Gendarmes searched the, country house
of -a brother-in-law of the Duke of Sel
ferno and seized . several rifles. : ¦- •". ¦ /
WATER FOB QUARTZ MILLS.
JAMESTOWN. Oct. 30.— After a shut
down; of two months 'the ; quartz mills on
the | mother, lode in County will
resume : operations : on \ November ' L " The
Price's Complaint Answered.
.'; The Board of Police Commissioners yes
terday ' answered the complaint filed . ' J>y
Police Sergeant William Price for a writ
of mandate to compel his reinstatement to
the rank of lieutenant, of : police. In its
answer f the board, after entering a gen
eral denial to Price's "allegations, places
special stress on the _ fact ; that , Price has
served as a sergeant for .some time past
and has drawn the salary ' of a : sergeant
without entering protest. The question
as to the legality of Price's original ap
pointment as lieutenant of (police is also
raised. . ' .. "
Festetics Will Testify.
Contrary to expectations ' . Rudolph,
Count Festetics de Tolna, will stubbornly
resist the effort of Ella. Countess Fes
tetics de Tolna, to divorce him on the
grounds of cruelty, and failure, to provide.
A stipulation, signed by E.- S. Plllsbury,
who represents Countess Festetics, and
Loewy & Gutsch, counsel for the de
fendant, agreeing that a commission issue
to take the testimony 'of j Count Festetics
at * Vienna, was filed yesterday. : Judge
Bahrs ordered that the commission issue.
This move will result in a continuance of
the trial of the case for several months.
MATTD NOLAN FAILS TO
>. SECURE DIVORCE DECREE
She Is Given More Time to Substan
tiate Charges— .Unhappy Couples
Gain Freedom. ''.¦ '
• Judge Bahrs has Indefinitely continued
the hearing of = the action by which Maud
M. Nolan seeks to secure a. divorce from
Joseph M.. Nolan on the ground of Infidel
ity. Judge Bahrs stated that he was not
satisfied that , the plaintiff had proved her
case and there being insufficient testimony"
to warrant the issuance of. the decree the
plaintiff was given the right to : search
farther, f If unsuccessful Judgment will
be entered '» in >¦ favor ; of the defendant
Decrees of divorce were granted yester
day to Mollie -'- Fyfe from Edwin S. Fy f e
on the ¦: ground \ of ¦. desertion ; C.
Hearn; fromv Helena .. A. Hearn on ths
ground of extreme cruelty, : and Annie L.
Manglni against Joseph Mangini for ex
treme.cruelty. .':;•..•;' :"•:..: .......
Suits for divorce were filed yesterday by
Ijola Mantel-Troth against George C
Troth * for :¦ desertion . and •= Dinah v Scott
against Robert Scott for ; desertion. V
Rlley, a friend, $500; to James A. Devoto,
an attorney, and ;W, A. Richardson, $100
each; to G. Nathan, a friend, $100.. ¦ '
Mary Wickstrom and W. A. Richardson
are named as executors of the will.
ELIZA LEITE SCOTT'S
TESTAMENT ON RECORD
Decedent's Children Receive Rich
Legacies— Will of Louis T. Olsen
Being Probated.
The will of Eliza Leite Scott, who died
July 2 last at Paris, France, leaving an
estate valued at J75.000, was filed for pro
bate yesterday. Decedent bequeaths a
one-fifth Interest in. her real estate in the
United States and British'- Columbia- and
her interest in the San Francisco Drydock
Company to her son, Edmund E. Scott; a
fifth to her daughter, Alice Maule Eard
ley Wllmot; two-fifths to her daughter
Eva Scott and a fifth to her son Charles
F. Scott. Mrs. Scott, however, . charges
the bequest to Edmund E. Scott with
£1200, and that to Charles F. Scott. with
£700, owing to certain advances made
them, the sums named being payable to
the other devisees. Of the two-fifths given
Eva Scott one-fifth is to be held in. trust,
and upon the marriage of the devisee the
same is to be divided equally. 'among her
brothers, her sfster and herself.
Decedent's children are named as execu
tors and executrlces of the will, to serve
without bonds. .
The will of Louis T. Olsen. who died
October 25 last, was also filed for probate.
Decedent's estate Is valued at J15.000. Fol
lowing are the bequests: To Mary.Wlck
etrom, a sister, $500; to Lillie Wickstrom,
a niece, $1000; to William Olsen, a brother,
$1000; to Regina Olsen; a sister, $1000;: to
Regina Olsen's son. $500; to Mary Bose, a
sister. $1000; to Walter Olsen, a nephew.
1750; to Mrs. Kallsh, a niece, |300; : 'to-Ole
Rasmussen, a half-brother, 4500; to Mary.
r
Want to Pay by Certificate.
The Merchants* Association Is striving
to have the custom prevailing In New
York City of paying customs charges by
bank certificates introduced into this city,
and with this end in view Secretary
Freud has been in correspondence with
the Merchants' Association of New York
regarding the plan. At present the duty
charges are paid by cash, which mean.i
the expending of a large amount of tlmo
and labor by local banking institutions.
Secretary Freud has forwarded to.eacn
bank belonging to the San Francisco
clearing-house a copy of the information
received on the subject, together with an
explanatory letter urging the desirability
of securing the early establishment of tho
custom in this city. In all. probability r
petition will be sent to the Treasury De
partment for the extension of this priv
ilege to San Francisco. ,
WASHINGTON, Oct. 30.— The probable
collapse of the movement that has threat
ened to result In the removal of Shawnee.
Delaware and other. Indian bands to Mex
ico, Is announced in a report received at
the Interior Department from Assistant
Special Agent Bentley. telling of the death
of two Indian chiefs who led in the pro
ject.
The report announces that "Big Jim,"
principal chief of his band of'Shawnees,
died at Sablnas, Mex.. September 30, of
smallpox, and that Jack Harris, one of
the chiefs of the Delawares, who accom
panied Big Jim. died the same day of the
same illness. Big Jim's party consisted oi
six persons, four of whom died. These
two chiefs were bitterly opposed to civili
zation and their amBition for years has
been to move their people to Mexico, there
to live in exclusion, away from the white
man and his influences.- Their death, the
agents thinks, will result In the total
abandonment of any further disposition
on the part of their people to leave the
United States. The report says that in
stead of being received with open arms
in Mexico, as the chiefs had anticipated,
when stricken with the disease the Mexi
can authorities refused them shelter or
aid of any kind and they were compelled
to He in the brush and their party was
compelled to pay ¥1 for tho privilege of
burial. A* son of one of the victims
brought the details from Mexico.
Shawnee and Delaware Chiefs, Who
Were the Instigators of Flan,
NHave Fallen Victims to
the Smallpox.
Proposed Migration of In
dian Tribes to Be
' Abandoned.
WILL NOT MOVE
INTO MEXICO
FERRER'S EXAMINATION
ON A CHARGE OF MURDER
All the Witnesses for the Prosecution
Testify and the Defense Gets
a Continuance.
The preliminary examination of Nash
Ferrer, charged with the murder of M. J:
Sullivan by stabbing him on the head
with a knife, was commenced before
Judge Cabaniss yesterday afternoon. The
defendant was represented by Attorney
Mack.
The evidence of the witnesses for the
prosecution showed that Ferrer, who was
a stableman with Sullivan & Doyle, Sixth
and Clara streets, was drunk and had
asked Sullivan for his wages. Sullivan
told him to come back when he was sober
and from words they came .to blows.
Ferrer was knocked down and kicked
several times by Sullivan. Ferrer went
to a trough and washed the blood from
his face and about five minutes later,
when Sullivan was talking to some one,
Ferrer came behind him and plunged
the knife into his head. He died a few
days afterward In St. Mary's Hospital.
The case for the prosecution was closed
and the defense asked for a continuance,
which was granted till November 7, ¦ the
day after the election.
THE PILGRIMAGE
TO MEXICO
Ancient Scenes of the Montezumas
to Be Visited.
Th© Southern Pacific, which Is organiz
ing a Pullman train excursion to the City
of Mexico and has announced Its depart
ure from San Francisco on November 14.
has just issued a neatly printed Itinerary
of the trip. It contains mention of all
the interesting cities and scenes that will
or may be visited, how to reach them,
how long it will take and the cost. For
those who will join the excursion it will
be a valuable guide, and whether, or not.
It contains much interesting Information
about a quaint and curious country. It
can be obtained of Southern' Pacific
agents anywhere.
"I am receiving Inquiries about this ex
cursion from all- parts of the country,"
said Excursion Agent Menton yesterday,
"and a goodly number have signified their
Intention of going. We expect to have a
fine party and there is no doubt but that
the trip will be both interesting and prof
itable.
"We will arrive In the Mexican capital
on November 19 and remain there one
week, during which side trips will be
planned to Puebla, Cordoba, oaxaca and
Cuernavaca, and on the homeward trip
we will Include Guadalajara and Guana
juato, on branch lines, besides Aguas Call
entes, Zacatecas and Chihuahua on the
main line. Our stops will vary from two
or three hours to a day In each place."
As a result of Supervisor .: McCarthy's
action In directing attention to the illegal
practice of borrowing Irom certain funds
in the city treasury to pay demands on the
general fund the officials In that office
decided yesterday not to pay any de
mands for this month until money begins
to accumulate from tex collections. A3
Tax Collector Scott states that very little
money is now being paid in by tax payers,
the employes of the city government may
be compelled to wait fur some time before
they can receive their .salaries or el33
take their demands to some accommodat
ing} broker -who can afford to wait.'
When McCarthy called attention' to the
practice mentioned of borrowing from
certain funds to pay demands on others,
which is not countenanced by the char
ter, he ascertained that the enormous
sum of $300,000 in paid demr^ls was be
ing carried as cash on the treasurer's
books. McCarthy state<J thatlif the prac
tice was continued that sum N/ould be in
creased to $500,000 after the October de
mands had been paid. •
The treasury officials are well aware
that they have been violating the charter,
but defend their course by saying 'that
the custom of borrowing from funds ha*
prevailed in the city, government for
years. C-< .
The charter, however, prohibits the
practice. For that reason the demands
were refused payment yesterday and w-',
registered in the order of their pres^j-^T
tion. Deputy Rels said that it had bec-a
decided to compl; wit£ the charter as a
result of McCarthy's strictures on the ad
ministration of afrairs In the Treasurers
office.
"There is more than half a million dol
lars in the city t easury ut the present
time," says Rels, 'but it belongs to other
funds and cannot be borrowed to pay sal
ary demands."
This admission is interesting in view of
the fact that this Is exactly what has
been done during the three months last
past, though the charter does not permit
such a course.
McCarthy was to have presented his
case yesterday to the Supervisors'
Finance Committee, which has been di
rected by the board to investigate tho
payment by the Treasurer of unregis
tered demands In advance of those legally
registered. In the absence of Chairman
Jennings, who is ill. the nn-eting wa3
postponed until this afternoon. Some plan
may then be devised so that creditors of
the city will get their October money at
once. Deputy Treasurers Perkins and
Rels will be present at the conference.
As a Consequence Demands Will Be
Registered in Order of Presenta
tion Until Tax Collec
tions Accumulate.
Illegal Custom of Borrowing
From Funds Stopped by
Treasurer.
CITY EMPLOYES
MUST WAIT FOR
THEIR SAURIES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,/ WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 31, 1900.
V
5
ADVERTISEMENTS.
JULIUS
RATIFICATION
MEETING!
Under the Auspices of the
Business Men's Julias
Kahn Club.
Prominent citizens from both political parties
will address t!ie meeting-.
JDLIDS KAHN WILL ALSO SPEAK
The Park Band will furnish music
The best quartet In the city trill reader topi-
cal eoncs.
TOU are Invited! Bring: your ladles and
frlenda. Ushers will seat you.
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE,
THURSDAY EVENINfi,
November 1st, at 8 O'Clock.
VOTE FOR
Senate
Constitutional
Amendment N0.15
I THE SEVENTH AMENDMENT ON
THE TICKET— PROVIDING FOR THE
PAYMENT OF TEACHERS' SALAR-
IES AND OBLIGATIONS DUE TO
Merchants of San Fr ancisco
Instead of curing your dyspep-
sia with drugs prevent it by s eat-
ing wholesome food cooked with
WHITE COTTOLENE.
Myr—^> The N.K'.Falrbank Company,
, !.. J % - Chicago— Sole M anuf actur? n.
S&iiwh •7iri;*«*lS" > f Oor «J*inty booklet,
Sggg35i Oy • **•—«--* -a l*ut>!lc Secret. 3
wf* t S»1 mailed free to any «d(ir**s. I or
JBS+jL'fll ane2e«amp we will send fref our
<U!§m*.*Sil is r<a?a recipe book. -Home
* ?^&&fy'JEr Ilelpa." edltfd by Mr*. Rorer.
PAINLESS
y&7fj^ jSJLjfi''^^ tl&K GEAHT STREET
Between Hyde and Lark! a.
TeJepnone Polk 112&.
fllERCES
W FAVORITE
ESCRIPTION
< FOR WEABi WOMEN.
&2i G r'EEk O yM lf m t y f Sis
Price 2& cents. All drusgistB. <»T_ * e Rl PRpf
paid on receipt of price. DR. PAUL DE
FORD. 175 N. Spring st. Los Angeles, Cal.
fl«l»l.tS«l.ll«»ltl01 frflwIM
\iMu)\
j . . Hnita Cream . . ¦
¦ Is a cure for all discolorations of the ¦
g skin. It does not contain a single •
a ingredient that can possibly barm »
• the most delicate skin. It literally ¦
5 coaxes a new, velvety, transparent •
¦ skin to the surface, thus removinz «
• ail blemishes. > ¦ ;
S Full information and a sample will %
• b« s«nt for 2c postage. Anita Cream G
¦ & Toilet Co.. 207 Franklin St.. Los ¦
Ar.s«Iei, CaL J
B«a»i»a«i«i«it«ititi«i»i»3
DR. CROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE
Fop the Cure of Gonorrhoea. Gloats,
Strictures and analogous complaints
of the Organs of Generation.
Prlc> » * botU*. For «*!• by ironist*.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNT AND WASHINGTON ST3.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KINO. WARD &
CO ' European plan. Rooms, 60c to Jl 50 day ;
$5 to *8 week: $3 to JIO month. Free baths; hot
»nd cold water every room: nr» crates In every
room; elevator runs all nicht.
Dr. Bennett's Electric Belt
Makes weak men and women ¦tronv and strong
men and women stronger. Rooms S aad t, 4?
Sort at, 6aa Tnactsco,' CaL
THE EMPORIUM. j THE igMPOBXPTM.
IC Shoo- - •BTMJaaC KUiHfefrkVfenBlAJI Woaro -2
I Polishing Ifjfr EW*WCi WWf&Agonts for £
»; Stand for 119* *«*d " Yosliantl S
S. LzdJos P"7GokfeiVRalelfeutA&r. * Under- £
J. tinlVm' CALIFORNIA'S LAMEST— AXERICA'3 CKA.NDEST STO** vyO2l*« «f
K — : ; — — 3«
Jf This is the third day of the special exhibit of beautiful J
if and really wonderful imported toy3 from France, Germany, Austria S
*I and England. If you have not already seen them yourself, come
£ to-dav and bring the children. . .«
| Wrapper Flannels 7c. Bixby's Satinola 6c. \
£ The kind tint yon have bean payhvj 10c Combination Boxw. containing a p-ck- %
* /¦«.. *k i m j v * j a i age of shoe paste and a bottle of liqud Jt
j for: thoounda of yards of good fleeced e? P pecially adapted for q taa .«
j£ wrapper flannes; light, mediam and dark shoes; sold regularly everywhere J
%t- olorinsjs; an attrac'iv^ sale for _ at 10c; 3X> boxw on sale Wed- ££tf* .1
*¦ Wednesday only; at per ya-d mC nesday on'v; «ach *^<»^ .J
% Crepe De Chine Scarfs 98c. *
j£ A fortunate purchase by our New York buyer of 250 choice, all- jJ
IT silk Crepe de Chm Scarfs larg? size, either fringid or embroidered, exquisite jf
£ styles, positive'y the finest lot of high-c'asa scarfs we have ever offered at a -J
j^ ?p<cial sj»'e, in ?tich much-sought-for coloring* aa pinks. Vnei, mais<»,
X «r1nV, Nie and cnam; regular prices $1.50, $1.75 and QStS *
H $2 25; I o-div on'y; choice for %^*^w
I $2.00 Shoes $1.38. $7. SO, $10 and $12.50 £
i^ (ss^j! Ladies' $2.00 Jackets $5.OO. 3
J» P^O k* ce Shoes, vest- To make j*~~^~\ \ '
% b»>T| ins? top. new coin room we hava (*§ISci>> '3
I- Mis '°"-» d >«•*>•• srj?s. 7 J W$i \
* P*pj5\3^ ia siz;53 8 to "' a **<** and re- <fCVF *
J? \^^V*^^ ' Deat an^ Bt 7' i * h finced a lofc °* -ss/liaL «
tf "iTlKw^S^ shoe, on sale this fine si k-lined ,/f-V^P'*^ 5
ai S^^V/^^5^/ day on'y* per pair... Jackets that nl *rC ? \ $
| >^O ;;;;;;;;;; $1*a\t£:M i\ XV S
i : ; . . $12.50. and a //)) O*T S
*•- .'.: / few that were A/V_L^LJ £
S' Laundry Bags 22c. evcn , «
ti _..*&> ..^ mostly last sea- f/K^h HW.v^ M Jf
jfx:,;Good lar^e ores, made of galatea ana 30^ b u t a i o f V\l> J » " ' " Jt
H sateen cloth, with cord and tassel draw them fine, warm Jackets, and all-wool &
»? string3. Another special purchase of auj a u 8 : Z , 3; marked for to-dar only. *
* 500 Laundry Bags that would certainly eac i, ; _ $5.00 %
$ lUt^in^Lu*'' ° n ***~ 22C $12.50, $15, $20, $25 Tailor {[
% cia 1 sa e to-day only. — ***' Dresses for $1O-To make room we ?
J" i .",1. ''" ; have reduced the prices of about 50 as- Jf
f» n aa mm -a «- «*» sorted dressea; ona or two of a kind, but {!
» Pretty meaallions tOC. all 8iz3s and a good many colon; mostly $
K Colored Photo Medallions with gilt la at season's, bat some of them have £
t corners and easel back, an assortment onl y bsen here a little while; the regular .1
ai of choice subjects, to-day only, at about P«c«* bava been $12.50 - — /I #1 *2
%' half their real worth, each fC to ?25; to-day on j ZUUmUU j
J^ ~ IOC Alterations extra.
j: Soap and Furniture, Carpets |
* lN*s drk ? ri# *•* 6Sc Ingrain Carpet— 1 yard wid«. X
V *3\uF '! Tra y '***. extra heavy quality, full line of very ;*
*" m1V«/a\V^\ Luster Wire desirable patterns, on sale jm «• \
** ¦ Frame, with fancy Wednesday only, yari 'rUG Jl
af tinted and orna- Smith's Axmlnster Carpets— The •*
5 (ffir~h-zz?5Z??k9) mental . majolica well-known make, high pile carpet, Jj
K tray, assorted with handsome borders to match, Ori- ,t
$ ' /^\. ~7 shapes and styles, enta\ Persian and floral de;i^n3, ape- &
ai @ W nofc oae °' tnem c Jal P" ce Wednesday only, *%*»** X
ai . ' worthless than 25c; per yard ©3C .«
*P • a lot to be closed out Wedne3dav; Enameled Bed— 4J feet wide, bow •»
*£ each... 17 O footboard, half brass tops, a high- **
*[ . . \ class bed, finely enameled, worth JJ
V $26.50, on sale to-day f£i Q -we **
j: Groceries, uquora Dr^^^^^ hniaaugm *
** Babbitt's Soap— Tvday only, with fiiished; 28x32 patterned Pr.nch plate *
g each 12 bars of Babbitt's Soap we will mirror; half swelled front; piano pol- M
X give free 6 packages Babbitt's ish; worth $30; oa sale to- £oe %
ti -1776" Washing Powder; to- cg%(m T d 7. c ft^±'~r V^' ha 5
* day 12 Aars for SOD Ladies' Dressing Table-Go den *
h. *> o ii -cnv-. t> t> » oak or bird a eye mape; 18x24 French -J
$ Beans-Small Wh,te or. P«»B«aw. to- mirror; dain^ patterns; swell $
$ 3 - ••••.•;..•...•.•. fVC froBt . Prenc h less; high polwh; dea» 3
£ rigs-Ths California, Mb packages, carvings, worth $22.5D ; o TCS 't
J to-day 3 packages ....... — 25o O n sa'.e to-day only 9*&m*& *^
% Bird Seed— Best plain or mixed, 6 >bs "*
i* Coffee-Oar choice Golden Rule Blend. <&£g-¥f5Z A *
H to-day 4i lbs SJ.CO &UCKS 1*SCm || ' .J
S Tea-Fincy basket fired Japan, lb.40O , We have 170 of thes« If/ J
f. t* i- vi7u« f,-« ti.- ~~™i. decorated China Candle 1 if •;
X Bourbon Whiskey-The pooular g . k each 1Jed hf. £
$ Champion Brand, 6 years old, on^Wej- w . th acolored JJ *
K nesday on'y. per gallon $2.65 t > %
K Holland Gin— Full quart bottles, to- pr ; C e which enable* us Yuj^O n
a£ day **C to offar them on Wed- <^* rT y^yyx[ "'
Zinfandel Claret- Oir r.'gnlar 50c nesday complete |A A I <^^^' \
J psr gallon quality, to-day 33o for MdCGTeacher— Now. will some brisrht I!ttl«
boy tell roe what bird is the most famous
In ArO'erican history? Th« . the ?
Sammy— I know, teacher. Tho Plymouth
Rock rooster is.— Philadelphia Bulletin.
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public xnen i>y tho
Press ClippinR Bureau (AUen's). SI9 Slor.t
gonsery st. Telephone Main IOC •
CaL glace fruit 53c per 2> at TonTsseafl 1 *.*
It goes without saying the suggestion of "Commer
cial Travelers' day" has met with a ready response.
Many of the largest organizations in the country
have expressed their cordial co-operation with it, and
no pains will be. spared to make the day memorable
in the campaign. Speaking of the plans for the day,
H. C. Payne, vice chairman of the- Republican Na
tional Committee, is reported to have said: "Never
in the history of' the Republican party has the Na
tional'Committee expended such efforts to reach the
commercial travelers' vote as in this campaign. H»
added: "While we may not have as many voters* to
convert as in previous y«rs, there has been an im
mense amount of work done, and the results show
¦beyond any doubt that the commercial travelers who
are with us are well in the majority."
The mass-meetings to be held during the day and
evening in the larger cities of the Union will be a"
fitting close to the brilliant "campaign for .sound
money and expanding business. It is fitting that these
final rallies should be especially marked by commer
cial travelers, for, the title given -to McKinley four
years ago, "the advance agent of prosperity," is on*
borrowed from their own profession. No class -of
people* have profited " more by. the return of business
ONE of the notable features which the Repub
lican National Committee has arranged for
the closing days of the Campaign is that of
fixing Saturday, November 3, as "Commercial Trav
elers' day" and making plans -for a grand rally
throughout the country in celebration of the occasion.
Commercial travelers constitute one of the most in
fluential elements of American life. No other class
of workers come in contact day after day with so
many business men in such widely separated localities.
Each commercial traveler has an extensive range of
territory to cover, and in the aggregate they sweep
the whole Union. Their acquaintances include the
entire mass of those who carry on our manufacturing
and mercantile activity. Going everywhere and talk
ing business continually in cities, towns, villages, and
even in the country stores by the cross roads, the
commercial traveler is always in close touch with the
trade ofuhe people. He knows fetter than any one
else when times are prosperous for all and when they
are bad. Consequently the vote of the commercial
travelers as a body is always of great significance. The
Bryanites have repeatedly decjared that in this cam
paign the commercial men are with them, and now
the Republican rally on Saturday night is to demon
strate to the country the falseness and futility of that
boast.
COMMERCIAL TRAVELERS' DAY.
With this period of prosperity^which'is now bright
ening around us there 5 will be- a -strong impetus
toward all forms of public improvements. It is there
fore timely, for . us. to provide a means to undertake
them in the * way that will be most economical. The
United States loses nothing by exempting its bonds
from taxation. Neither will California. . This amend
ment, therefore, ought to have universal support
We have then these three benefits to gain from the
proposed exemption— fir«t,' we will be able to borrow
money , for public improvements more ; cheaply ; sec
ond, we will be able to use such bonds. at hometfor
the investment of savings, and third, we will retain
in the State the monev that is now sent away in the
payment of interest to outside holders. These' gains
will hardly be offset in any way. for, in the first place,
the amdunt of tax received from the bonds is slight;
and, in. the second / place, it; is more- than.counterbal
anced by the increased rate of interest which the tax
ation compels us to pay. -
In the second place the tax causes a loss to the
State, owing to the fact that if the bonds be sold to
persons living outside the State California Assessors
and Tax Collectors cannot reach them. Thus an out
side holder of such, bonds docs not have to pay the
tax, while the local holder does. There is thus an
advantage on the part of the outsider. That radvan
tage is such as to lead to the sale of a Very large pro
portion of such bonds to non-residents. The conse
quence is that when' interest is due it ; is paid r out of
the State instead of within the State. There "is thus
a heavy drain of money from California that is se
verely^felt in the channels of trade.
In the first place it is to be noted that nothing is
gained to a community by taxing its own bonds.
Every cent of taxation has to be counterbalanced by
an increase of interest, or else the bonds will have to
be sold at a discount- The lender expects to receive
a certain interest for his money, and if the loan is to
be taxed he demands interest enough to make up for
the tax. All California communities : will be able to
borrow money more cheaply for improvements if ths
present tax be repealed.
The object of the amendment is to exempt from
taxation the bonds described, and the reasons why
the exemption should be made are many. They con
cern every locality in the State and to a considerable
extent every citizen.
mation and Irrigation Districts) within said State
Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No. ; 14, relating
to the exemption from taxation of all bonds issued by
the State of California, or by any County, City. City
and County, Town, Municipality, Municipal corpora
tion of any Bort, or District (including School. Recla-
WHEN the voter on election day looks down the
list of constitutional amendments printed upon
the official ballot he will find one marked thus:
Amendment No. 4. -'
AMENDMENT NO. 4.
LIABILITT-A- D.. Napa. CaL This
correspondent writes: "Jones rented an
Improved farm . from Brown at a stated
yearly rental for a period of two years
with the understanding- that he should re-
Bide on the farm. Before the end of the
second year Brown left for Ala«ka, has
been absent six yearn, and in that Ua«
has not *ent any Instructions as to the
farm. Jones -has resided thereon continu
ously Should Brown -return at thlsTtlme
would he have any claim against Jones T'
In. the absence of any other agreement
Brown would have a claim for -use and
occupation of the premises.
LIEUTENANT— Subscriber, Oakland
Cal. The . title lieutenant .without quali
fication . denotes the second officer in
the United States army the highest officer
is general, consequently the lieutenant
general ls th« ; eecond officer. A SJ
general Is an officer of the lower Sade
of permanent general officers, or. in othel
words is third officer. In the field offlceM
the colonel ls the first In rank. lleuteaaS
colonel second and major third, occup^w
the same relative position that. major ee? 1
cral does to the other general officer* in
the line officers the captain ranks < thin
comes the am lieutenant andthen i&
second.- who Is • rela lively to his suD«rlr£t
THE QUEEN'S POWER-E. M Cltv
The Queen of England has the power to*
declare war and make peace. She al«o
Paillamem?*'" t0 dIssolve Or Projro^e
FALLS OF NIAGARA— Inquirer. City
S^ m « Patch J n niP*d the Falls of Niagara
the first time October 6. 1?29, from a rock
seventy feet above the water.
PRINCE EDWARD ISLAXD—S.. City
Prince Kdwerd Inland, In .the southern
part of the Gulf of St. Lawrence, has an
area of 2133 square miles.
SOLDIER'S VOTE • IX OREGON— A
S.. City. A United States soldier has a
?effd«ee V S«?/° rep>a " te haS gaIned a
"She thinks she sings like an aogel "
m '5 nt T>ln°i lc , e i hat lt ! , s the listeners who
fly."— Philadelphia Bulletin.
ANSWEBS TO COKEZSPONDENTS.
"How d'y do." said the busy man. "Will
r.S£. marry mer ' "O— er." she gasped.
"T* 1 !? ls . *° sudden; I must have time to
think. I " "Say. don't keep me wait
ing too long, or I won't have enough
money left to buy the ring. I came In an
auto-cab, and they charge by the minute
you know."— Philadelphia ' Press.
A ."Yes. sir; I am an independent la poli
tics.
"Which kind— Independent kicker or
praiser?"-Indianapolls Press.
Teacher— Tea children. Chicago Is one
of the great cities of the world, but it once
suffered a terrible calamity. Can any one
tell what It was?
— p Up k~ Why ' U WflS tMS hCre laSt censns -
Mamma— Johnny, I fear you were not at
school yesterday.
Johnny— H'm! Til bet the teacher told
you. A woman can never keep a secret. —
Tit-Bits.
Maud— She is an inveterate talker.
May— I should say so: and when it's too
cold to talk her teeth chatter.— Baltimore
American.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
t ha ; Manhattan.'
NEW YORK. Oct. 30.— From Ban Fran
cisco—C. : R. Allen and Miss G. Allen ara
at " the ? Albemarle: I L. . Barrons j is ; at the
Broadway ; Central : x W. ' K.' ; Bowers is - at
the '-¦ Manhattan ; . J. : Brett Is at I the I Im
perial ; 1 K. , JL \ Cole . Is , at the Broadway
Central; f A. G. : Wleland is \ at the Belve
dere: \ Mrs. Apsly \ is - at this '.Victoria; » C.
Doerkirig ; Is * at . the Continental: R. J.
Wedney is at;the Hoffman; T. P. Bodkin
is~at tfce Alberaarle; B. : M. Gunn and .wife
are at '* the I Holland. V, ¦
V.. From Oakland— O. : Pierce and wife ¦ are
. A. P. Ftaser, a Stockton attorney, is
stopping at the Occidental for a few days.
George E. Goodman and wife are at the
Palace. Mr. Goodman Is a banker at
Kapa.
H. Clay Kellogg, wife. and four children
have taken -apartments at the Occidental
for b.' few days.
v"VY\ TV. GoUln and AW W. Parker re
turned yesterday f rom, t Nome and are
registered at the Palace.*
Arthur Munnew ' of Xew Zealand is at
the California. He is on his way home
after an extended European tour.
"Walter L.- Vale, the Arizona cattle king,
arrived at the Palace last evening, and he
expects to spend several days In the city.
W. H. Snedaker, general agent of the
Illinois Central in this city, has gone to
Portland on a business' and pleasure trip.
" T. M. " Schumacher, the new gencxal
agent of 'the ? freight department of the
Union Pacific In this city, is expected here
from the East to-morrow. ',
Captain V. L-- Beer of the Royal Artil
lery,^England, arrived In the '" city yester
dSy and is stopping at the Occidental He
Is on his way to West Australia.
Captain Thomas Scullian. master of the
Charles Morgan, is at the Russ. The cap
tain •„¦? has been an ; annual visitor" to Ban
Francisco for many years.*- His home Is
ln ! Chelsea.' Mass. "
Lieutenant Harri^m Hall is at the,Pal
ace. He ; will , leave* on ..the " Sheridan to
morrow. forJ; Peking, where he - has been
ordered . to : report ¦ with ' the light artillery.
He was last stationed at T Sandy Point,
tt * t TflHllM I'M'IliMl'JIIfflHMMMMIll
CAXIFOBNIAKS ; IN NEW ' YOEK.
M. Goldsmith, a prominent Stockton
merchant. Is at the Grand.
J. S. Childs. a Los Angeles mining man.
la registered at the Palace.
Colonel S. K. Whitton of San Jose Is
registered at the California,
Archdeacon Scriven of Victoria, B. C.
is registered at the Occidental.
" David Pepper Sr. and David Pepper Jr.
and wife ofJPhiladelphia are at the Palace.
T. W. Sheehari of the Sacramento Rec
ord-Union if registered at the Occidental.
H. J. "Whitney and wife of Bakersfield
are at the Grand.
Dr. L. Dearth of Los Angeles ia regis
tered at the Grand.
Dr. D. H. Leppo of Santa Rosa arrived
at the Grand yesterday.
' A. R. Penfield. a Los Angeles railroad
man, 1» at the Occldental.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Since Monterey County Judges have included at
tempts at train-wrecking in the current category of
jokes by releasing two boy wreckers because of their
tender youth, open switches appear to be popular.
The complaisant Judges ought to establish an" age
limit in which the commission of a crime is not a
Dawsonites are displaying that pride which comes
before a fall. It is said that one may now safely wear
a white shirt in the northern mining town, but the
veracious correspondents are jilent as to how one is
to get the price.
lie has appalled many by his direct incitement ot
ararchist outrage against the person of the President,
and has done what he could to dynamite the constitu
tional institutions of the country. .But through it all
his person has-been fafe from attack and he has been
free from insult or disturbance. It remains to be seen
w hcther American decency will permit the inaugura
tion of mob government by putting in power a partv
that expresses its purposes by "hisses, hoots, oaths,
shrieks and vile epithets." and has its lawless black
guardism approvingly reported by the Examiner as
""enthusiasm for Brvan."
Bryan himself has frone up an3 down the country
making violent and untruthful accusations against the
President of the United States.' He has attacked,
vilely and indiscriminately, all ot his countrymen who
are cnerpi^ing: our industries and promoting our com
merce. He has indulged in the most licentious style
of speech and has promoted disorder and disgrace in
nearly every tpeech he has made. "But his opponents
have heard him patiently and let him come, talk and
go on in peace.
All this is the very essence of Bryanism. It is the
outward and physical expression of the inward spirit
oi the Bryan party. The organized indecency of the
country is on the side of the Nebraskan. and it re
mains for the decency, good order and law abiding
s j-irit of the American people to decide whether it
wants to aid in making good the promise of the Bryan
mob.
The crowning act in this mob campaign has just
occurred in Xew York, at Elmira, the home of the
Bryan candidate for Governor, Mr. Stanchfield. The
Examiner prints the account of this last outrage with
out a word of rebuke, but over its "longest leased line
in the world"* speaks of it as 'enthusiasm for Bryan,
•nd admits that in the attacking mob were "many
Democrats of respectability." In its account, which
has throughout an exultant tone. Hearst's paper says:
"The Governor's carriage was hemmed in* by a howl;
ing mob. which hurled bricks, shrieks and oaths at the
Governor." and that "the mob shouted insultins?
epithets and hurled anything that came handy at the
visitors. The mob promised Teddy and his crowd
the cleanest kind of a licking on election day.".
Roosevelt is a sturdy man, physically and intellec
tsaSy. His personality is attractive, and in the \Ve«t
he w^5 so cornp!eit!y at one with the hard}- pioneers
£sd froatiergaea that his popularity became danger
crs zr.i caused a decided slump from Bryan.' The
Governor could throw a l2riat, oSciate at a roundup,
and ro^gh ride a wild horse over a wilder country,
and by his heartiness and physical vigor and vivid in
terest in the people and their actual life was advanced
to high favor. To efface this impression it became
riecessary to incite attacks upon his person.' The first
serious one ws.s in Colorado," where a dangerous a=
sault was made that threatened to end in murder.
Governor Thongs of that State, instead of resenting
this insult to another Governor, rather approved it.
From ths: beginning these attacks have continued.
The carriers of Hearst's nasty paper in Chicago were
incited to wait for Roosevelt at the door of a church,
tnd. on his appearance after service, to attack him by
throwing inud upon him and using the most disgrace
ful black guardisra in epithets.
THE mob feature of Bryan's campaign in l&)6
is repeated cow, and with greater -emphasis.
When it was *een that Governor Roosevelt's
tour was attractive of crowds that outnumbered
Bryan's, and that as a spectacular feature oi the cam
paign the sturdy Governor W2S a successful ,rival of
the Populist candidate tor the Presidency, there de
veloped a detemur.cd purpose to offset the effect by
rt-pected ~ob efforts to humiliate the Governor by
sttjcctirg him to personal insult, outrage and abuse.
MOB GOVERNMENT.
PA8SING through the constellation of Perseus there Is a tsall orb abect
twenty miles in diameter which 1* at present* the most observed object In
the, universe: every sizable telescope Is on Its track and over tliirty leading
observatories have undertaken to co-operate In a systematic watch of its
movements and aspects. Around the globel from north to wrath, rlast
cameras, adroit hellometers and delicate photometers are in use from dusk to day
break as the unconscious wanderer approaches earthward. Though named Eros.
its sba'ts are not those of love, but of knowledge, for It may discloss a. loag
locked secret before the dawn of the twentieth century.
An accurate estimate of the distance of the sun has never been obtained &s
yet.
Notwithstanding the great improvement In astronomical Instruments and the
llet of eminent names connected with efforts to obtain the solar parallax, the prob
lem is of such difflculty that the present estimate of the sun's distance, namely,
92,837,000 miles, may be several hundreds of thousands in error. This uncertainty
is all the more tantalizing as the relative distances of the earth and placets from
the central orb are known with remarkable accuracy.
1 It is curious and interesting that the opening day of the present century is tis
date of the first discovery of an asteroid, and that this important ¦ solar computa
tion should be facilitated by one of these minor planets at its close.
Ceres, the first found, was greeted with enthusiasm, as its existence was the
realization of a theory held by Kepler and other astronomers that the seemisg
void of 3CO.CO9.000 of miles between the orblt3 of Mars and Jupiter was not altogeth
er a planetary waste. However, as the century advanced acd these small bodies
were found to number hundreds Interest waned, and It was even suggested by
leading astronomers that they be permitted to wander around unwatched aad un
known. Fortunately this course was not adopted, and on the 13th of August. 1S3S.
when Witt, an observer of Berlin, discovered "number~453, since christened Eros. Its
orbit round .the sun was carefully computed, a? usuaL With deep interest It was
learned that its elliptical path was not confined to the supposed asteroid realm,
but at one point came within 15.0W.0CO of miles of the earth's path. Wbta
both bodies are near these adjacent points at the same time the asteroid Is by
far the nearest of the heavenly bodies, excepting ths moon. This juxtaposition,
however. Is Infrequent.'
In €43 days Eros completes a revolution, b*>ing 1S3.0CO.W0 miles from tfcs sun at
aphelion and only 105,005.000 at perihelion. These points having a nearly opposite
direction from the similar points in the orbit of Mars. Eros curves far within It la
a portion of its path and beyond it in the remaining portion, as shown in the ac
companying: diagram. Accordingly it varies in apparent size from about seventh
to thirteenth stellar magnitude. Glimmering in full luster In January, 1S34. It re
mained unnoticed or unknown, while the earth pa«sed closely by between it and
the sun. .
. The coming opposition in the beginning of November occurs long before this
perihelion point is reached, but as Eros continues to curve sunward until Febru
ary it approaches within 31.O00.OX) miles of our planet toward the ead of -December
next, and though this is more than double its distance at a favorable opposition
no better opportunity will occur for such measurements for at least twenty-five
years.
In these observations the absence of a visible disk and of aa atmosphere are
almost as important as decrease of distance, and far better results are hoped for
than have been obtained from the parallax of Mars or Venus. '
If two astronomers 4X0 miles apart measure at Che same moment of time the
distance of this tiny orb from an adjacent star and there is a difference of
half a minute •? an arc In the positions obtained, that small space will be the
angular value of 4090 miles as seen from Eros. Having thus a base line of the tri
angle formed, the relative length of the sld» can be found by a trigonometrical
computation.
According to Kepler's third law. if one planetary distance is found all the di
mensions of the solar system can be then computed in miles instead of in mere
relative lengths. As the process of calculating the parallax of Eros includes many
complexities, it may be months before flaal results are fully obtained.- bet it Is
probable that the end of the century will be fitly celebrated by the news of suc
cess in this important scientific work. ROSE CHALLORAN.
THE ORBIT OF EROS. A MINOR PLANET UPON WHICH THE ETES
ARE BENT IN HOPE OP SETTLING VEXED ASTRONOMICAL QUES
TIONS.
LAST week The Call presented a careful estimate
of the probable vote of the various States in .
the coming election. That estimate, based upon
reports obtained by The Call and the New York Her- ;
aid from expert students of politics in all parts of the ;
count ry,' was undoubtedly the most reliable that had j
been made up to that time. The course of the cam
paign since the repents were obtained /.as' not ma
terially changed the situation, but none the less it will
be interesting to direct attention to estimates re
cently given out from the New York headquarters of
e?ch of the two parties.
The following table Shoxs the States claimed by
the leaders of each party: v
* CLAIMED BY REPUBLICANS.
California .1 9i North Dakota. 3
Connecticut 6 Ohio 23
Delaware -..."i 3 Oregon 4
Illinois ............. 4 . 24 Pennsylvania 22 1
Indiana :...:.. 15 Rhode Island 4
Iowa 13;South Dakota.: 4!
Kansas 10 Utah 3
Maine ......'....'....'...:..... • €l Vermont '. 4!
Maryland ....'.... StWashinston 4
Massachusetts- 15;West Virginia 6|
Michigan 14|Wiscon5in 12
Minnesota 9 Wyoming '. '. 3
New Hampshire..'. 4 ' —
New Jersey 10 . Total ." 2S4
New York....... SG
, 'CLAIMED BY .DEMOCRATS.
Alabama 11. New York... S6
Arkansas .'... S^Nevada 3
California •. 9 Nebraska 8
Colorado 4 North Carolina 11
Delaware 3 North 'Dakota 3
Florida 4 Ohio .V 23
Geor&la 13 South Dakota..... .4
Idaho 3 South Carolina S
Illinois 24!T«messee 12
Indiana l5!Texas 15
Kansas ...' 10 Utah : 3
Kentucky 13 Virginia 12
Louisiana feiWisconsln ..*. 12
Maryland •¦'Wyoming S
Mississippi 9 —
Missouri 17! Total 21fi
Montana I J!
It will be perceived that in these tables no reference
is made to doubtful States. The managers of each
party claim to have conceded to the opposition every
State considered at ell doubtful. Thus the Republi
can estimates allow Bryan 163, but the claim is at the
same time made that the Republicans are more likely
to carry} Idaho, Montana, Kentucky and Nebraska,
with their total of twenty-seven votes, than are th«
Democrats. The doubtful States likely to go for
Bryan are conceded to be Colorado, Nevada and
Missouri, with a total of twenty-four votes. On the
other hand, the Democrats claim that some of the
doubtful States they have "conceded" to McKinley
are likely to go for Bryan.
These estimates from political headquarters are not
so reliable as those obtained by .the canvass of The
Call and the Herald, but they are quite as interesting
in their way, showing, as they do, the comparative
methods of the managers of the two parties in dealing
with/the public. The Republican estimate is essen
tially a fair one. Hardly any intelligent Democrat
can doubt that it has been honestly made up. It
may be affected by party enthusiasm and bias; but it
is unquestionably a serious effort to forecast the vote.
The Democratic table, on the contrary, is a clear case
of bluffing. The chances of Bryan to carry. Illinois,
Ohio, Wisconsin and New York are so slight that
even Democrats themselves will hardly be able to read
the claim made by their National Committee without
smiling.
CALCULATING THE VOTE.
Paul Krugcr has decided to become an agitator and
tell the nations the wrongs of the 'Transvaal. The
old man might do well in his declining days to learn
the eloquence of silence. He has some reason to ask
I that its mantle cover him.
WEDN?SDAVL.:;;.^;.:.:.OCTOBER-3i. W*:
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address A!! Communications to VV. S. LE/KE, Weniger.
MA STAGER'S OFFICE TrlrphoBC Pre»« 2O4
PUBLICATION' OFFICE;.. Market and Third. S. F.
Telephone Prea* 201.
EOrrORIiX non«5 21T to 221 SteTcnioa St.
THrphonf Pr»i» SOS.
Delivered by Carrier*. 15 Cent* P*r Weelc
SlncI*- Copies. S f>nt«.
Trrnm I»J Mall. Inclndlnc Po«l»en
CATI.T CALL. <tcc!u«!n*r Sunday), one year t».C3
DAILT CALL (Inducing Bttsflay). < months S.W
DAILT CALL (ir.cladlns Ecnday). t ncsths l.M
DAILT CALL-By £iE*!e Koctfe Oc
fcVXDAT CA1J-. On* Tnr „„.......„.-...-- 1.5»
VEEKLT CALU O» 1>mr l-0«
All postmaster* are authorised to rec*!re
¦nbacrlptlon*.
Eas:r<'* eep!e» will be forw*rd»& -tw rec^jerted.
particular to fi*"* both NEW AKD CLD ADDRESS ta order
to tszsrt « procpt and correct ocisipl!*.3ce with their rwraett-
HKL1.\D OFFICE 111S Broadway
C. GBORGB KHOG.NE".
Vantrc Fcre^n Advertising. Marquette Building. Chicaga
&JSS.S Dlftaace TelepJicae "Central IC13.")
• ' JfETW" TORK COKRESPOXDnXT:
C. C. CiRLTOX Herald Sqaire
KETV TOIIK REPRESENTATn*E:
STEPHCTT II. SMITH 3O Trlbnoe Balldinic
NETT TORK XETVS STANDS:
Wijfierf-Artcria Hctel; A. Brest&aa. & Cclcc B^oare;
Kerrey EI3 HcteL
CHICAGO NEWS ETAjrDS:
Shertsac House: P. O. N>n Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
Frrarrt Ec^iie: Aufl!tcrin=i Hotel.
WA$HI\GTO\ CD. C> OFFICE 14AC G 5t^ X. V?.
SlORTOSf B. CRA.VB. Corrr.pondfnt.
BR.I\cn OFFICE? — S7 Moctpcnerj-. ccmer cf Clay. cp*a
crtll 9X> o'clock. SOO Hayes, cpea urtll J:S» o'clock. «SJ
KrAISrtcr. cj** cct!l t:39 o'clock. CIS Larkln. open until
i 20 o'clock. 1541 Mission, cpea cstll 10 o'clock- TX1 Mark* t.
comer grrteectii. cy*a urtil f o'clock. 1CS€ Valencia, opea
ur.til S o'clock. 10S Elererth. cpen ustSI » o'clock. KW. ccr-
Bft Ttrer.ty-Feccnd and Kpstuckr. cpea ustli i o'clock. I
PHILADELPHIA NORTH AMERI
CAN—It will be a waste of time for Sec
retary Long ta recommend to Congress
the construction of more larjre vessels for
the navy unless he makes a satisfactory
settlement of the armor plate questlcn.
Seventeea warships have already been au
thorized. Only two or three of them ar»
In course of construction, The others only
exlst on paper, although tb* money to^
pay for most of them, was asproyTiated
nearly tvro years ago.
NEW BEDFORD STANDARlV-lj la
pointed cut that the men who received
the highest rotes for places in the Ha'.:
of Fame are nearly all men who had to
bear gross calumny or scornfulness frcm
their contemporaries. Washington via
"a aristocrat": Lincoln wa*
both a- "clown" and a ** tyrant": Grant
was a **bmch«r"; Emerson was a "dream
er lest In clouds": and something of siin
iJa-nature could be cited as'havinf been
saJ5 cf many cf the other men who ara
now honored.
CHICAGO TIMES-HERALD— TUden %
New York Democrat, crushed the rin-3
of the Tammany corruptlonists and was
nominated in spite cf them. Cleveland -
that other New York Democrat, waji thre«
times nominated and twice elected In deS
ance of Tammany. He never courted the
onranization. never tried to conclliat»» it
and in ls?4 and 1532. when Its opposition
to him was most outspoken and he was
forced upon the delegation from Ms ova
State in convention, ne won at th# polN.
There was the measure of Tammany's
fame ard Tammany's popularity.
great force. If he has a faculty for pi
ties: lrto messes, he has also a power far
getting . out of them in unconrentioi^al
•ways. The China business may bricc
about a domestic row which Kaiser ard
neichstag "will settle unaa; themselves.
Should U-end In limltt.-sr sexsewbat the
arbitrary act? of the Kilser. It may fce co
misfortune for Germany or even for
Kaiser Wilhelm II.
NEW YORK SUN— The Kal-er In yplt*
of his eccentricities Is a yours man cf
BROOKLYN EAGLE— It Is enoosb ro
say. what we have the right to say. •.:...:
Mr. Cleveland will vote no electoral ticket
this year, and those who look ta him fcr
advice or suggestion concerning" what tht-r
ought to do at the coming* election can
draw from his conscientious incapability
to vote for Bryan a conclusion that non?
can mistake and that not the most malev
olent or the most cunnin? should be able
to misrepresent or thd most stupid to m. -
understand.
HARTFORD COUP-ANT-Bryaa says
that Croker Is the greaJei«t eras fce know*
of, and Tammany the greatest organisa
tion. That's fair warning, to the coun
try. If Bryan were President, the great
est man he ever met would naturai;>
have first choice when the distributing of
the cScej b*gars. Probably Croker wouM
choose the Treasury Department, thousn
the position of Embastadcr to Great
Britain would hare attractions for him.
JflTVT YORK TRIBUNE—Ia-tmtiertak
in? to establish standards cf speed aad
length cf Cig-fct for airship*, cf course it Is
necessary to consider the character of th*
service to b© rendered. No weli informed
and sensible person nowadays expects to
see anything like the conmercia] trans
portation of passengers and frtiffht con
ducted by such craft. Tiie expense would
pat it cut or the <ru'tstlon. Only the Unr
est imairtnable loads can be carrlel
CHICAGO INTER OCEAN— It requires
no very closa reading of diplomatic his
tory to show that Russia has been our
consistent, faithful friend, and when the
President declined durlcg the Spanish war
to permit English Interests or influence
to alienate the friendship of Russia ftc
acted up to the best traditions of Amer
ican diplomacy.
XEV«* TOEK TRIBTTNE— Mr. Kroner" ¦
first "trek" narked th» foundation of tbe
Trarsvaal. and ids last marks its f aki.
More than asy other ruler or statesman
of his tiiae. he has been able to eay. "Tas
State. It Is L** He preceded the- Trar.e
raal by a cumber cf years, and he will.
we may hope, Bcrrire :t by as n:ar.j\ And
la his lajEt trtk the world. If not tae dis
affected Boers at I>eiaco& Bay, will wlsa
hlsx beaith and safety.
NAHHVILLE AiJERICAK-The r>eopl»
of the South, loyai citizens cf the uslted
Stares, asi thasfrfsl there is bet ore fias
and ose co*antry. cctild cot admit 12 tii»
face cf tise plain Izuets cf hirtory. were
they so disj-aseo". that tiie Coiif ©derate
soldier was la rebellion. He wsj aerriEf
his GcT«TLi2«rt— that of the Confederate
States. If they adrxitted otfcerwi»» they
would be unworthy to eaX'y ti>e priTileses
vouchsafed to American dtizess.*
PITTSBURG DISPATCH-Th© fact
that man can fly by means of a machine
for a few miles certainly Indicates th*t tt
Is no more necessary to stop there than
the first demonstration of primeval man
crossing a pond on a leg matfo It Impos
sible to pursue the development by whlcn
floating fortresses now circumnavigate
the globe.
BALTIMORE AMERICAN— A rratify
lns feature of the present carnpaJen is tna
very general disuse of personalities In the
political discussions. Whaterer abuse
there has been Is directed to the lssu*?.
rather than the nominees. This la a wide
departure from previous Presidential
struggles.
PHILADELPHIA NORTH AMERI
CAN—The Sultan has not settled that lit
tle bill which Uncle Sam has been dan
nine- him about for a year or two. but he
Is negotiating for two cruisers with Amer
ican builders. - It might be a 5-00.1 scheme
to keep an eye en those ships and have an
attachment ready.
SPRINGFIELD REPUBLICAN—Sena
tor Tillraan has been admit tin 7 la his
speeches out "West that such disfranchlse
ment of the negro as is effected by the
North Carolina "grandfather clause" is
clearly contrary to the Federal consti
tution and therefore void. He has no
doubt that the United States Supreme
Court ¦will so. rule.
Views of the Press
on Topics of the j
Times.
UP-TO-DATE
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
That trumpet call to honor and honesty turned the
repudiation meeting into a public credit convention.
Douglas was elected to Congress, secured the land
grant for the Illinois Central Railroad, gave the
products of the State a market, and laid the founda
tion of her greatness. He was a builder. What a fall
from Douglas to Altgeld, Bryan, Jim Sovereign,
Tillman and Dick Croker!
"Resolved, That though Illinois may never be abl*
to pay a dollar of her public debt, so help her God, she
vrill never repudiate a penny of it."
That settled it. Mississippi immediately" repudiated
and has never recovered from the evil it wrought
upon her public credit. The purpose of her Governor
was purely destructive, and he accomplished it by an
appeal to prejudice. Bryan's method is exactly the
S2me. He has- never had a constructive policy or pro
posed to use what is excellent in existing conditions
as a foundation, on which to build greater excellence.
It . is his policy that has driven business men and
laboring men of intelligence out of his party. The
old Democracy was not destructive. It was construc
tive. The men who believed in it do not believe in
Bryan. The great leaders whom they followed were
builders, and not political incendiaries. Mr. Bryan,
like the Governor of Mississippi, disregards the need
cf good public credit. He proposes to repudiate pub
lic obligations and violate private contracts, regard
less of the effect upon public credit or private pros
perity. He has usurped a leadership that once was
held by Stephen A. Douglas. What a contrast be
tween the two! When Illinois, new and weak, with
no transportation for her surplus to a distant mar
ket, felt the pressure of her public debt and pro
posed to repudiate it, and called a convention for that
purpose, Douglas, then younger than Bryan is now,
came to the-support of public credit and public honor.
When the repudiation convention met he was ill in
Springfield, but from his sickroom sent to the con
vention this resolution: /
When the State of Mississippi was urged to repu
diate her bonds the demagogues gave no. other rea
son than that they were owned by Rothschild. The
Governor of that State in his repudiation message to
the Legislature said: "These bonds have been hy
pothecated and are owned by Rothschild, a descend
ant of Judas and Shylock, and possessing, the evil
instincts of both his ancestors. He has loaned money
to the Sublime Porte, and for security holds a mort
gage on the city of Jerusalem and the sepulcher of
Christ."
His continual harping on trusts is not caused by
any evil in trusts, nor is "it accompanied by any clear
idea of a remedy. Its motive is the desire to arouse
prejudice. He has simply substituted trusts for
"Wall street," as Wall street was substituted for th
more ancient bog}', "Rothschild." Whenever dema
gogues in this country have sought to lead the people
in the path of destruction they have used a bogy.
The laborer of course answered that he would like
to do better, though he felt that he was doing well.
Bryan then proceeded to denounce conditions under
which every man could not do as well as he wished to
do. - In this sinister way he seeks to arou=e discon
tent, not of the son that is thankful for what is and
hopes for something better, but of that kind that may
be led to hate and destroy what is, treating it as in
imical to human welfare.
During his present campaign he had personal coh-
Uct with a laboring man, who said that he was doing
¦very well now, as the revival of industry had given
him steady work and wages. To this Bryan replied,
"Are you doing as well as you would like tor"
« From -his beginning in public lHe'Mr: Bryan has
been against everything that is^. His political philos
ophy'urges him to advocate the rebuilding of human
society on its failures and diseases, treating its suc
cess and health as an outrage on humanity. His plat
forms contain no constructive principle. They pro
pose to destroj- and not to build. His speeches are
negations.
E\ S the campaign draws to a close every thought
!~\ iulman is impressed by the destructive ten
uc^*"«ts of Hnanism. -;
BRYAN FOR DESTRUCTION.
Astronomers Hope to Fix Sun's Distance
by Their Observations.
KEEN EYES ON EROS
MAY WIN SECRETS
activity than the tireless travelers who in allrpartsoT
the country have been working in full vigor to profit
by.it. The grand rallies of Saturday night will there
fore be marked by a degree of enthusiasm unusual in
even the most hotly contested campaigns. The com
mercial travelers on that day will line up for four
years more of good business,! and all the millions of
voters who have shared in the prosperity of the past
will join with them in the shouting.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, J OCTOBER 31, 1900.
Melodramatic realism is being carried somewhat
beyond the limit which even the most exacting au
dience can demand when love-lorn soubrettes insist
upon lolling themselves for, the fickle god. Th».. young
lsdy who wanted to make her dressing-room a cham
ber of death ought to be fined for a violation of the
proprictief ... w. .....-..<
Little Willie— Say. pa, what'a the street
cleanins department?
Pa— It's the place where they explain tn
the dissatisfaction of taxpayers why the
streets. are not cleaned — Cbicajro News.
AX TaJto > '.tstiU;* or the
round- trip steamer tickets, only tSC durtri* No
vember. Including fifteen tfays" board at Hotel
d?l Corcsado. the ideal tommer and winter re
sort.' Apply at ?>X«r«r Slontrcnserr «.. city.
6
AUCTIOI* RAT.FS.
Er Eir.a Cote— Th!» Car. tt 11 c"c!oeX Pcr=!tur*. at C3
XIaion street.
C«:::crr.ia— "Fct Her Sake."
• i "'uid— Vaederliie.
~ Grand Opera-houw — "5*cr*t S»rric*.**
Crasd Op^ra-fcoan— Mmcrie* Gna Opera Ccsspasr. SImj-
C*y nrrzizz. Novmtw 12.
Aleszar— "NcrUM'rn Ligtt*."
"Oliver G D'.sJssiltb."
Tjv'cIJ— "AJii."
AJt2n:tra— "Klrt£ d ti» Oy:==J Ri=S~
Vlrzz?-*. ccrr^r Mtson and Eddy rt~et»— Specialties.
Cr.utM. Zoo izii Tfce«tCT— V*=aevUle erery aTteraaos ia3
rtscLer' «— Va=4*-rO-
Pher-nas-Oa}- Ila::— Pians E^rfjJ. Ttarwiay siptl. So-
t*=:t«r i.^.
• trc'.ro IUtI»— Ox?r= r.'.ttt».
FAT AND .LEAN.
That is, .babies: fat, they are
happy and safe; lean, they are
neither happy nor safe.
Apart from bein^ entirely
healthy or not quite well, a fat
one has much reserve of vital
strength to resist any sudden
attack, while the lean one has
little or no, reserve.
The way to be fat and well
is Scott's emulsion of cod-liver
oil. A little: only a little.
Not any, if healthy 'and plump
already; "let well enough
aloQe.'?
¦RVa Mod you » little ta try tt job Ske. ,
SCOTT & BOWXE, 4»9 Ptari tttut, 2i*m York.NOTE— In tho above exposition of the tides
the »arly morning tides are Riven in the left
hand column and the successive tides of tho
day in the order of occurrence as to time of
day. the third time column the third tide and
the last or right hand column gives ' the last
tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
riven are in addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sigrn (— ) precedes the height, and
then the number «?lven is subtracted from the
depth given by the charts. The plane of refer
ence Is the mean of the lower low waters.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
TO SAIL.
The bill posting . firm of Owens, Varne£
&! Green has sued .the" Board; of Public
Works to^ enjoin its members from enter
ing upon 'properties ; leased by ; the plain
tiffs for the erection of advertising 1 fences
and : Interfering * with the * same, or from
tearing down : or removing < any portion of
them or destroying tHe signs thereon. The
signs , sought r to be .protected : are 'over
tr/enty feet in height and; the plaintiff al
leges that "the : Chief : of Police,- under in
structions } from *: the " : board, ¦threatens to
destroy, the same as a nuisance. .The ac
tion; has been brought to test the consti
tutionality, of . the : ordinance limiting the
w height ; of advertising fences.
High Fences in Litigation.
Miles and Dewey
and other heroes of the Army and. Navy show
their faces on Anheuser-Busch' ¦ new series of
playlnK cards. Just issued. Sent prepaid for 25
cents In money or stamps to any address in
the -United States. Malt-Nutrine Dept.. An
heuser-Busch Brewing Ass'n. St. Louis, Mo.
Discovery.
N& Ah Poy, the murderous highbinder,
was placed Monday night in the same cell
in the City. Prison occupied by Wong Hing
and Yet Sam, two of the ten highbinders
who held up a fan tan same in the Globe
Hotel, ' Jackson street, last Thursday
morning. Yesterday morning the at
taches of the prison were attracted to the
cell where the three Chinese were located
by loud talking. They found "Wong Hing
and Yet Sam shaking their fists in Ng
Ah Poy' 8 face and they were all talking
loudly and excitedly. A Chinese inter
preter was sent for and he explained that
"Wong i Hing and Yet Sam were afraid of
Ng - Ah : Poy, as he belonged to a rival
tong, and he might take their lives. They
had watched him all night, fearing an
onslaught, and asked that they be not
kept in the same cell with him, otherwise
there would be trouble.
The change was made . and silence
reigned in the section of the prison as
signed ¦ to Chinese offenders. Sergeant
Bidwill will ' have much trouble In ¦ the
future In guarding against placing mem
bers of rival tongs in the same cell.
Ng Ah Poy appeared before Judge Con-
Ian . yesterday on the charge - of murder.
The Judge asked him if he wanted a con
tinuance and he replied in ; the negative,
laughingly adding that no one would ap
pear against him. The case was continued
till to-morrow.- ¦- ¦'.: ¦ J " .
CHINESE HIGHBINDERS
DISAGREE IN A CELL
Serious Trouble in the City Prison
Prevented by a Timely
United States Coast and Geodetic ; Survey—
Time* and Heights of , High •; and Low
Waters at - Fort - Point, entrance ' to : 8an
Francisco t Bay." i Published ,' by official au
thority of the Superintendent. -
NOTE— Tbe high and low, waters occur at the
Sun, \ Moon .and Tide.
Branch Hydrographic Office,' U. .; S. N. 7; Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco,' Cal.,
October 30. 1900. . ' . " . \
-The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building waa dropped | at exactly noon j to-day —
1. «.. at noon of ¦- the : 120th • meridian, -or at 8
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich time. .,
. CO. CALKINS,"*;
Lieutenant Commander/ U. S. N./3n charge. \
Time Ball.
AUCKLAND. N Z— Sailed Oct 30— Stmr Mari
posa, from Sydney, > for Apia, • Honolulu . and
San Francisco. .
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct 30— Stmr Sardinia,
from Glasrow. ¦
Sailed Oct 30 — Stmr Kaiser ' Wllhelm der
Grosse. for Bremen.- via Cherbourg and South
ampton; stmr Cymric, for Liverpool ; " Btmr
American. . for San Francisco. >
BOSTON— Arrived Oct ,30-*Stmr Devonian,
from Liverpool. :'--•¦ -
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Oct . 27— Stmr Victoria,
from. Hongkong, for Tacoma. ¦ •
HAMBURG— Sailed Oct 28— Stmr Pennsylva
nia, for. New York, via Boulogme and Ply-
M AN ILA— Arrived Oct , 30— Stmr Mlnneaha.
from New Tork. ' :;_ ¦ d .•¦¦ .
MOVILLE— Arrived Oct 30— Btmr Anchoria,
for Glasgow. "-^f»SmfVBfS9pB(SBflt
SYDNEY— Arrived prior Xto Oct SO— Stmr
Moena, from San Francisco, via' : Honolulu and
PLYMOUTH — Sailed Oct SO— Stmr Pennsylva
nia, from Hamburg and Boulogne, for New
York. -
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NOUMEA— Arrived Oct 30— Schr Muriel, from
Port Blakeley.
KOBEJ — Arrived Oct 29 — Nor stmr Thyra, from
Portland, for Manila.
ST VINCENT— Arrived Oct 29— G«r »tmr Aby
dos, hence July 28, for Hamburg.
KUTCHINOTZU — Sailed Oct 27— Br Btmr
Carmarthenshire, for San Francisco.
ANTWERP— Arrived Oct 27— Br ship Pinmore,
from Oregon-
CALLAO-Arrlved Sept 16-Ital bark Lothalr,
from Seattle.
HONGKONG — Arrived Oct 16— Br Btmr Mon
mouthshire, from Portland. Oct 17 — Jap -stmr
Idzumi Maru. from, Seattle.
KIAOCHAU— Sailed Oct 17— Ger ship Alster
thal. for Pusret Sound.
LIMERICK— A rrlveO Oct 29— Br ship St Mlr
ren, from Oregon.
COMOX — Arrived Oct 19 — Br stmr Manau
ense, from Skacuay.
GLOUCESTERv-Arrived Oct 27— Br ship Clan
Buchanan, hence July 1. '
HULL— Arrived Oct 29— Br ship Kensington,
hence June 11: Br ship Grenada, bonce June 15.
BIRKENHBAD — Arrived Oct 30— Br ship
,Holywood, from Seattle.
MANILA— Arrived Oct 29— Br stmr Brecon-
Bhlre, from Tacoma.
FOREIGN PORTS.
NEW YORKr-Salled Oct 30— Stmr American,
for San Francisco. . .
BOSTON— Arrived Oct 23— Ship ¦William J
Rotch, from Port Blakely.
EASTERN PORTS.
COOS BAT— Sailed Oct 30— Schr Jennie The
lln. for San .Francisco.
EUREKA — Sailed Oct 30-Schrs Sparrow,
Mary Buhne and Eliza Miller, for San Fran
cisco; stmrs Del Norte, Samoa and Eureka, for
Pan F*ranclsco.
Arrived Oct 30— Schr J O "Wall, hence Oct 23.
VENTURA— Arrived Oct 20-Stmr ' G«o W
Loomis, hence Oct 29.
Sailed Oct 30— Stmr Geo Loomis, for San
Francisco.
TACOMA— Sailed Oct SO— Schr Annie Larsen.
for San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEXD—Salled Oct 29— Bark Sea
Kin?, for Sydney. Oct 30— Ship John Ena, for
Delagva Bay; schr Commerce, for Hongkong.
Arrived Oct 30 — Stmr City of Topeka., from
Alaska.
SEATTLE— Arrived Oct 23— U S stmr C P
Patterson, from Alaska; bark Coloma, from
Alaska.
Arrived Oct 30— Stmr City of Topeka, from
Alaska.
Sailed . Oct 30— U S stmr Lawton. for San
Francisco; stmr Valencia, for Hunters Bay.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Oct 20— Bktn Monitor,
from Grays Marbor. Oct 30— Stmr Lakme. from
Eureka.
Bailed Oct 30— Stmr Westport, for San Fran-
Clsco.
ASTORIA— Sailed Oct 30— Stmr Columbia, for
San Francisco.
NOME— Arrived Oct 18— Stmr J 8 Klmball,
from Seattle.
PORT BLAKELET— Sailed Oct 30— Schr Wa
wona, for San Pedro.
SAN DIEGO— Sailed Oct 30— Stmr Brunswick
and Nor stmr Bergenhus, for San Francisco.
CASPAR— Sailed Oct 30— Stmr Luella. for San
Francisco.
UMPQUA- Arrived Oct 29— Schr Uly, hence
Oct 6.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Oct 29 — Etmr
Rival, hence Oct 2*. -.
Balled Oct 29 — Schr Volant, for San Fran
cisco; schr Llllebonne. for San Francisco: stmr
Coquille River, for San Francisco. Oct 27 —
Stmr Grace Dollar, for San Pedro. .
DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT LOBOS. Oct 30. 10 p m— Weather
cloudy; wind SW, velocity 8 miles.
TELEGRAPHIC.
Per etmr Areata— At 6 am, Oct 28, stmr Ar
cata broke her tall shaft when IS miles off
Crescent City. About 9:30 a m same day hailed
stmr Empire and one hour later Empire had
taken Arcata in tow for San Francisco. Strong
NW lind blowing and heavy swell running
after Empire took Arcata In tow. but preced
ing that and at time of accident SE wind with
SW squall and heavy swell.
MEMORANDUM.
Augr 6, lat 65 S, Ion 77 W — Br bark Charles
Cotesworth. from Tacoma, for Queenstown.
Per stmr Walla Walla-Oct 27. lat 47 17 N.
no Ion— Schr A J West, from Santa Rosalia,
for Grays Harbor, short of provisions. U S
stmr Albatross was grolng to supply schr with
same.
SPOKEN.
Tuesday, October 30.
Schr Nettie Sundborg, Larsen, 12 hours from
Fish Rock, on account of losing two anchors
Oct 29, at 10 a m.
RETURNED.
SAILED.
Tuesday, October 10.
Btmr Newsboy. Lundqulst, .
Btmr Bonita, Xicolson, San Pedro.
Stmr Geo W Elder, Randell. Astoria.
Stmr National City. Dettmers. Needle Rock.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland, Santa Cruz.
Stmr Navarro, Jensen. Bowens Landing.
Stmr Mackinaw, Llttlefleld, Seattle.
Btmr Homer, Donaldson, Eureka,
Ptmr Pomona, Shea. Eureka.
Stmr Santa Barbara, Jahnsen. .
Nor Btmr Norman Isles, Pettersen. Che
malnus.
Baric St Katherlne, Saunders, Honolulu.
Br bark Btrathdon. 'Walker. London.
Brig Lurllne, Schaube. Kahulul.
city front (Mission-street wharf) about twenty
five minutes -later than at Fort Point; the
height of tide ia the same at both places.
SCHOONER A. J. WEST IN DISTRESS, UNITED STATES FISH COMMIS
SIONER'S STEAMER ALBATHOSS AND PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP
COMPANY'S WALLA WALLA STANDING BY TO ASSIST.
DUTIES OF AN EMPLOYER OF LABOR.
Copyright, 1900,
by Seymour Eaton.
t^fW.M LESSONS t EMPLOYERS AND EMPLOYES.
m. \ I
Though an employe is his own Insurer
against all ordinary risks, there is a rule
of duty for employers to fulfill which can
not be Ifcrhtly disregarded. This rule is
that an employer must exercise due or
ordinary care in selecting servants, fur
nish them with suitable appliances for
their tasks and reasonably safe places for
performing them; enough servants to per
form-in a reasonably safe manner the
specific thing they have to do; and. lastly,
proper regulations or instructions when
ever they are needed- Every clause in this
rule is full of meaning, and we shall be
gin by Inquiring what is meant by the
term ordinary care, which an employer
must exercise in doing the above men
tioned duty.
What Is Ordinary Care P
In denning this term the Supreme Court
of Vermont has remarked that a man In
any situation of business is always bound
.to conform to th*^ rules and usages which
prudent and careful men have set up in
the conduct of similar business under the
same conditions. This is ordinary care.
The Supreme . Court of Ohio has denned
the term in the following words: "Such
care as is most' common and usual in the
business." The Supreme Court of Massa
chusetts has dealt with the term at great
er length: "What is ordinary care cannot
be determined abstractly. It has relation
to and must be measured by the work or
thing done and the instrumentalities used,
and their capacity for evil as well as good.
What 1 would be ordinary care in one case
would be gross negligence in another. We
look to the work, its difficulties,, dangers
and responsibilities, and then say, 'What
would and should. a reasonable and pru
dent man do In such an exigency?' The
word 'ordinary' has a popular sense which
would greatly relax the rigor of the rule.
The law means by ordinary care the care
reasonable and prudent men use under
like circumstances."
An Employer's Duty in Selecting
Employes.
Having shown what the courts mean by
ordinary care, let us next inquire what is
proper care or diligence In selecting com
petent employes or servants. Surely an
employer is hardly permitted to -employ
any one he pleases without regard to his
fitness for the task he Is to undertake. If
he were to work alone then Indeed a dif
ferent rule might be applied, but when
the employe is to work with others his
employer must satisfy himself that be will
not endanger the lives of his fellow work
men by reason of his ignorance of the
common employment.
In a well-reasoned case against a rail
road company the Supreme Court of I»
diana remarked that in employing its sub
ordinates it was the duty of the company
to exercise a degree of care fitting to the
positions they were to fill, and showing" a
due regard for the consequences that
might follow from employing incompetent
or unskilled men. If peculiar fitness were
required of any one it was the duty of
the company to make inquiries to that
end." In one of the earlier cases. Oilman
vs., Eastern Railroad Company, the court
remarked that .if an employer knew or in
the exercise ¦ of due care might have
known that his employes -were Incompe
tent either at the time of hiring them or
afterward, he failed in his duty. In this
case the railroad company employed a
switchman and flagman who. so the other
side contended, was an habitual drunk
ard. To employ such a man, especially
for these positions, clearly was negli
gence. Whether or no he was a man of
this character was a fact which the Jury
decided against the company.
How, Is Incompetency Proved P
In attempting to prove that a servant
is incompetent the- Supreme Court of
Pennsylvania has said that- Incompetency
cannot be established by proof of such
acts, but must be by evidence of general
refutation. This may seem to the reader
a wrong way of looking at the matter, so
we will give Mr. Chief Justice Lowrie's
reasons for his decision. "Character for
care, skill and truth must all alike be
proved by evidence of general reputation,
and not of special acts. • • • Character
grows out of special acts, but it is not
proved by them. Indeed, special acts do
very often indicate frailties or vices that
are altogether contrary to the character
actually established. • • • Besides this,
ordinary care implies occasional acts of
carelessness."
This, however, is not the way other
courts have looked at this question. Said
the New York Court of Appeals in a case
against a railroad company: "Proof of
specific acts of negligence of a servant or
agent on one or more occasions does not
tend to prove negligence on the particular
occasion which is the subject of inquiry
• • • specific acts tend to exhibit and
bring to light the peculiar qualities of the
man, and indicate his adaptation or want
of adaptation to any position or fitness or
unfitness for a particular duty or trust.
It is by many or by a series of acts that
individuals acquire a general reputation
and by which tb*ir characters are known
and described. • • • A principal would
be without excuse should he employ for a
responsible position one known to him as
having the reputation of being an intem
perate, indolent' or careless man. • • •
Still more should he be chargeable If he
had knowledge of specific acts showing
that he possessed characteristics incom
patible with the duties assigned him. and
which might expose his fellow servants
and others to peril and harm."
What Are Safe Appliances?
The second clause of the rule defining
the duty of employers requires them to
furnish proper appliances to their em
ployes. If they fail in their duty In this
regard they must answer for the conse
quences. When one is injured by an ap
pliance the question at once arises. Did
the employer fulfill his duty in furnishing
a proper one, or was he negligent? It
must be evident, we think, to every reader
that the question, "What is a proper appli
ance? is a question of fact to be decided
whenever It arises. There have been many
cases of this kind, and we might fill much
space In describing them. An employer ia
not required to change his machinery In
order to apply every new Improvement,
even though it be much safer than the
old. All that he can demand Is that he
shall not be deceived in the risk he In
curs. Nor is an employer liable for hid
den defects of ¦which he has no knowledge,
nor is he required to provide against dan
gers from an unnecessary and Improper
use of appliances.
In the case of Titus vs. Bradford Rail
road Company the court said that all the
cases agreed that "the master was not
bound to use the newest and best appli
ances. He did his duty when he furnished
those of ordinary character and reason
able safety, and the former was the test
of the latter. Absolute safety was not at
tainable, and employers were not Insurers.
They were liable for the consequences not
of danger but of negligence, and .the un
bending test of negligence In methods,
machinery- and appliances Is the ordinary
usage of the business. No man is held to
a higher degree of skill than the fair
average of his trade or profession, and the
standard of due care Is the conduct of the
average prudent man."
' .What Are Safe Places for WorkP
Passing to the third clause, an employer
must provide a suitable place for his em
ployes whhe at work. -Evidently the na
ture Of the place will vary greatly with
the work to be done. A safe place In a
mill means a very different thing from a
safe place In a coal mine. Whether a place
is safe or. not Is a question of fact to be
learned in each particular case.
Adequate Employes.
Two other clauses must be noticed. One
of these requires an employer to use suf
ficient help for the particular task to be
done. This rule Is more frequently ap-
E lied to. railroads than to other concerns,
ometimes.a train is started with too few
hands and' an accident happens. Thus in
Flake, vs. Boston and Albany Railroad
Company a train was sent out with only
two brakemen . Instead of the ordinary
number, three. . An Injury happened to
one of the men and he sued the company
claiming that It waa neglectful In sendinjr
the train out with less than the usual
number. The court slid that "It was
dearly s the duty of the corporation In
making, up and dispatching the advance
train to supply it with suitable machinery
.and sufficient help lor the business ajaa
journey which It was about to undertake,
and if there was any want of care In theso
respects which caused the injury, it Is lia
ble. • • • The hiring of a third brake
man was only one of the steps proper to
be taken to discharge the principal's duty,
which was- to supply with sufficient help
and machinery' and properly cispatch the
train in question, and this duty remained
to be performed, although the hired
brakeman failed to wake up In time or
was sick or failed to appear for any other
reason. It was negligent for the company
to start the train without sufficient help."
The company therefore was held liable to
the injured employe.
Instructions to Employes.
Lastly, it Is the duty of tho employer to
give instructions. Tnese are of various
kinds. Some relate to the conduct of all
the employes, others are for the special
guidance of minors. A railroad company
nas many rules which must be known to
it3 employes and in many cases it has
been held neglectful In not making them
known. These will be fully considered
hereafter. ,
Such Is the great rule that governs em
ployers in hiring their employes. Had it
always been enforced the rights and du
ties of employed and employes would have
been much simpler and better understood.
It has, however, been greatly modified, as
we shall hereafter see, until but very lit
tle of it remains. Before stating in what
ways this has been done some other topics
must first be considered.
Bisks Assumed by Temporary Em
ployes. •
Before leaving the subject of the risk
assumed by an employe, another class of
cases ought to be mentioned, those in
which persons are temporarily employed
in some other way not included In the
original contract of hiring. Often they are
of a more dangerous character than those
first undertaken. Yet it has been held
that if they are undertaken knowingly
the- risk is assumed, as In other cases,
and there can be no recovery for an in-
Jury received while executing them.
Even though the employe receives no
greater reward for assuming the larger
risk, he can get nothing If injured. It
Is said that he assumes the- risk rather
than lose his place. In Leary vs. the
Boston and. Albany Railroad Company
the question was fully considered. The
person injured was aiding as fireman on
an engine and knew that this duty waa
not within his original contract as a la
borer. He chose to perform It rather
than lose his position as a laborer. In
so doing the court said that he assumed
the risk. The remarks of the court are
worth giving. After declaring that he
did this rather than lose his place. the>
court continued: "By so doing he en
grafted this duty on his original contract,
of which he made it a part. Morally
to coerce a servant to an employment,
the risk of which he does not wl3h to en
counter, by threatening otherwise to de
prive him of an employment he can read
ily and safely perform, may sometimes be
harsh, but when one has assumed an em
ployment, if an additional and more dan
gerous duty Is added to his original labor,
he may accept or refuse it If he does
accept it then he also assumes the risks
that are incidental thereto. The em
ployer." so the court continues. "Is not
necessarily unjust because he wishes in
his employ a servant who can from time
to time relieve a skilled workman, while
his ordinary duties will be those of a
mere laborer. It must certainly be his
right to engage a servant who. while hia
ordinary duties will be simple and ex
pose him to no danger, is willing as a
part of his service from time to time to
assume duties which, in order to be safelv
performed, require a higher degree of
skill and which expos© him to a certain
degree of danger."
This, however. Is not the law In everv
S^te. The rule Is Indeed a harsh one.
A laborer Is requested to act as fireman
and assume the greater risk. The court
says that If he does not wtsh to act he
need not: then he fears that If he does
not .£? V n Iose nts pIace - Rather than
do t his he accepts, performs the larger
service, though receiving no greater re
ward. In other words, his employer hlrea
him for one service and uses him for an
other. He may Indeed decline, but fears
*!5.* < i onseq y' nc^?- The eourt te q^te
right In saying that the rule is a "harsh"
University of Pe^yfvaSa 3 " BOLLEa
?
HOME STUDY. CIRCLE QTTKRTES.
U ? Z^ ha , t Q aeen nolds a commission In
the Russian navy and is the onlr woman
admiral In the world? woman
33. Whom did Limb call "Th« Messiah
of the French Revolution"?
34. What Roman said: "I would rather
0^?,^ my statue ls not -S
36. What beautiful city founded by refu
gees about the time of the fall of Rom*
the 9 Em y ir?™' d """^ Eldest of
37. What noted German Empen/r abdi
cated in order to spend his last days in a
Spanish monastery?
38. What great King was born In Eu
rope, died In Asia and waa burled In Af
rica?
23. After whom was the month of August
named? - a
40. Miriam In Hawthorne's "Marble
Faun is said to have a historic parallel
In -what famous parricide?
4L What French King died of smallpox*
42. Who was "Little Capet"? maiipox '
43. What Klngr of Naples was once a
waiter in an Inn?
44. What noted assassin was a erand
niece of Pierre Cornellle?
45. What great musician was too deaf to
hear his own compositions?
46. Who was "The Angel of the Crimea"?
Answers.
17. Smith. IS. General O'Hara. 13. Gen
eral Lincoln. 20. Schley. 21. Elm. 22. In
Algeria. 23. Gibraltar. 24. Van Buren, 25
The Dead Sea. 26. Benjamin Fraaklln. 27.
Nelson. 2S. Alarlc the Goth. 23ytonstan
tlne the Great. 20. Hellopolls. 3L Shakes
peare.,
Tuesday, October. 80.
Stmr Santa Barbara, Johnson, 54 hours from
San Pedro. .-
Rtmr Arcata. Nelson, 80 hours from Coos Bay.
Btmr Empire, Macgenn, 78 hours from Coos
Bay".
Stmr Alcazar. Gunderson, 64 hours from San
Pedro. -
Btmr Walla Walla, Hall. 80)4 hours from Vic
toria, etc. nurutnrinriflninv*" wi> sin tow* .bh]
Strar Santa Rosa, Alexander, 61H hours from
San DIezo, etc. \
Stmr Homer, Donaldson. (4 hours from San
Diego. . • ¦ ¦ ' . -.. .
Stmr Progreso, Zoning, 4 days 9 hours from
Tacoraa. »
U 8 stmr Meade, Wilson, 29 days from Ma
nila, via Nagasaki 19 days.
' Tug Sea Witch, Lockyer. 6 days from Sa i
Diego, with two barges in tow. • .- • • < ¦.-.-.
Bchr Newark, Beck, 14 " hours ; from : Bowens
Landing:.
CLEARED. ,
: '.Tuesday, . October ', 30. .
Stmr Pomona, - Shea. Eureka: Goodall, - Per
kins ;& Co. ¦¦'-- ;
.Bktn Planter, McNeil, Honolulu;' Williams,
Dimond & Co. ¦ v ~.
Nie -bktn J C Pfluger, Cameron, Sydney;
Eddy, Chapman. Falk * & Co. - . .
Brig : Lcrllne, Schaube. Kanuiui; Alexander
Jt Baldwin.
(No. 165 of 1900.)
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA—CALIFOR
NIA.
TREASURY DEPARTMENT.
Office of the Lighthouse Board, Washington,
D. C., October 22, 1900.
POINT MONTARA LIGHT STATION.
Notice Is hereby given that on or about No
vember 26. 1900, a fixed red lens lantern light
will be established at this station, on Point
Montara. eeacoast of California, about 2%
miles NW. % N. from Pillar Point, and about
16 miles to the southward of the entrance to
Ban Francisco Bay.
The light will be located about 300 feet W. by
S. of the fog signal bouse, and Its focal plane
¦win be 05 feet above the mean high water.
This notice affects the "Lists of Lights and
Fog Signals, Pacific Coast, 1900," page 12, No.
20. and the "List of Beacons and Buoys, Pa
cific Coast. 1900." page 17.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
CNo. 166 of 1900.)
SAN FRANCISCO BAT— LIME POINT LIGHT
STATION.
Notice Is hereby given that on or about No
vember 26, 1900, a fixed white lens lantern UgHt
win be established at this station, on the ex
tremity of Lime Point, northerly side of the
entrance to San Francisco. Bay.
The light will be located on the southeasterly
corner of the gallery of the. fog signal house,
and its focal plane will , be about 19!j feet
above mean Men water. "?/••¦ - • ,
ANGEL ISL'AND LIGHT STATION.
Notice is hereby given that "on or about No
vember 26. 1900, a fixed red lens lantern ; light
will be established at this station, on the
southwesterly extremity of Angel Island, San
Francisco Bay.
Tho light will be located on the southeasterly
corner of the fog. signal house, and its focal
olane 'will be about 34 feet above mean high
water. \
This notice affects the "List of Lights and
For Signals, Pacific Coast, 1900,", page 14. Nos.
25 and 26, and the "List of Beacons and Buoys
Pacific Coast. 1900." page 20.
By order of the Lighthouse Board. i
FRANCIS J. HIGGINSONJ
Rear Admiral. U. S. Navy, • Chairman.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Notice to Mariners.
The British ships Cortez and Port ' Patrick
will load wheat for Europe, 3S» 9<J, prior to ar
rival.
Hatters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's mail
steamer Australia will get away to-mor
row on her Initial run In the Tahiti ser
vice. A big crowd of passengers will make
the trip on her. Joseph Seeley. the popu
lar chief steward of the Australia, will not
go out on the vessel. He has such a host
of friends on the Hawaiian run that the
company has decided to keep him back for
the Zealandia. James Barry, .who has
been with the Oceanic Company since 1890
and who has proved himself a most ef
ficient assistant to Mr. Seeley, has been
made chief steward of the Australia. Mr.
Barry receives a well earned promotion.
Captain John Leale of the Bay City will
be one of the passengers on the Australia
to Tahiti. During his absence Cbief Of
ficer William Murphy will take his place
on the ferry steamer.
A board of survey has been appointed
by the Governor to inquire into the dam
age done the Kaval Reserve steamer
Marion by the eloop-of-war Ranger when
that vessel drifted down on her. The board
will consist of Captain Louis H. Turner
(retired), late commander of the naval
battalion and now surveyor for the Fire
man's Fund; Lieutenant Thomas 8. Har
loe and Lieutenant (junior grade) Henry
Peterson. These officers will appraise the
damage done the Marion and will report
to the Government.
Edward Forbes was slashed with a knife
by an unknown man on the corner of
Second and Jessie streets yesterday. It
was the result of a drunken quarrel, and
Forbes asserts he does not know his as
sailant. He was treated at the Harbor
Hospital.
Water Front Notes.
The collier Arcata was towed into port
last night by the steamer Empire. While
on her way here from Coos Bay the Ar
cata broke down. The Empire came
along, and passing her a line towed her
into port.
.Nettie Sundborg in Trouble,
The schooner Nettie Sundborg came
back to port in distress yesterday. She left
here for Fish Rock and on arriving there
could not make port. She anchored out
side, and a northwester coming up sh«
parted both anchors and went on the
rocks. Luckily she drifted off. and sail be
ing made she got off shore and came back
to San Francisco. Her cargo was taken
off in a hurry yesterday and she will go
on the drydock.
Arcata in Distress.
,"It was impossible to lower a boat and
I prepared to stand by. Just about this
time the United States steamer Albatross
hove in sight and bore down on us. I sig
naled the captain what the matter was
and he at once agreed to stand by the A.
J. "West and supply her with all necessary
provisions as soon as the sea went down,'
so I stood on my course again, having
nearly 500 passengers aboard."
The A. J. West Is owned by the Slade
Lumber Company and Is to load a cargo
of timber at Grays Harbor for Manila.
When spoken it was blowing a south
easter, and the steamer "Walla Walla and
the Fish Commissioners' steamer Alba
tross could not send assistance. For sever
al hours the three vessels lay within speak
ing distance almost, the schooner with her
ensign union down, the only sail set being
a portion of the foresail, while in the rig
ging was a big board on which was paint
ed, "Out of flour; short of provisions."
Captain A. Hall of the Walla Walla in
speaking of the West's predicament yes
terday said: "It was blowing strong from
the southeast and there was a very heavy
sea. Early on October 27 the lookout re
ported a schooner on the starboard bow
with its flag union down. I at once headed
for her, and when within hailing distance
found that she was the" A. J. West, forty
seven days out from Santa Rosalia for
Grays Harbor. She appeared to have had
a hard time of it, and when a big board
was put in the rigging I edged the Walla
Walla up In order to read it. On it was
painted, 'Out of flour and short of pro
visions.'
when spoken off Destruction Isl
and on October 27, in latitude 47 13 norm,
she was In distress. The crew was living
on beans and an occasional goonie that
was unwary enough to bite at a red rag
attached to a fish hook. .:. ¦:.
THE schooner A. J. West has been
having a hard time of it. She Ms
now fifty-one days out from Santa
Rosalia for Grays Harbor, and
She Is Long Overdue From Santa Rosalia at Grays Harbor,
- and When Last Heard Prom the Albatross
Was Standing By.
SCHOONER A. J. WEST IN DISTRESS
AND ALSO SHORT OF PROVISIONS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, .-WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 31, 1900.
WEDNESDAY. OCTOBER 31.
7
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
Sun rises 6:34
Sun sets 5:13
Moon sets, first quarter .0:09 a. m.
0 Time Time Time Time
S Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
o ' H TV L V? HW L W
31... 6:03 4.9 11:36 2.7 5:13 4.5 11:42 0.8
1 ...! «:47 5.2 12:42 2.1 6:36 4.6
L W H W L W H W
2 ... 0:43 1.1 7:30 S.4 1:40 1.4 7:50 4.8
S ... 1:33 1.4 8:10 5.7 2:2S 0.7 9:00 4.8
4... 2:20 1.7 8:50 6.0 3:18 0.0 10:00 4.8
5 ... 3:06 2.0 9:29 6.2 4:06 0.5 10:59 4.9
6... 3:50 2.3 10:0S 6.3 4:55—0.8 11:54 4.8
Steamer.
Prom.
I Due.
Kureka Humboldt .....lOct. 31
Titanta N'anaimo |Oct. 31
Curacao [Mexico Oct. 31
W. H. Kruger. Grays Harbor Nov. l
Coqullle River. Grays Harbor Nov. 1
Cloumbla Portland Nov. 1
Cleone Tlllamook Nov. 1
Tellua Oyster Harbor Nov. 1
Iaqua Eureka Nov. 1
Crescent City.. Crescent City Nov. 1
Point Arena.... Point Arena Nov. 1
Coos Bay Newport Nov." 1
Acapulco ...... New York Nov. 1
Bergenhus China and Japan Nov. 1
Czarina Seattle Nov. 2
Alliance Portland Nov. 2
Zealandta Honolulu Nov. 2
Pomona Kureka Nov. 2
Humboldt Skaguay Nov. 2
Rainier San Pedro ..Nov. 3
Umatilla Victoria Nov. 3
Corona San Diego Nov. 3
Hongk'ng Maru China and Japan Nov. 3
Matteawan .... Tacoma Nov. 4
Bonita Newport Nov. 5
Manauensa .... Comox Nov. 6
Steamer. | Destination. | Sails. | Pier.
Empire ....Coos Bay Oct. 81, 4 pm Pier 18
Arcata .... Coos Bay Oct. 81. 12 m Pier 10
Alameda .. Australia Oct. 31. 9 pm Pier 7
Santa Rosa San Diego Nov. 1. 11 am Pier 11
Australia .. Tahiti Nov. 1, . 6 pm Pier 7
Eureka ....Humboldt Nov. 2, 9 am Pier 2
North Fork Humboldt..... Nov. 2. 9 am Pier 2
Walla W... Victoria Nov. 2. 11 am Pier 9
W. Kruger. Grays Harbor Nov. 3, 5 pm Pier 2
Coos Bay.. Newport Nov. 3, 9 am Pier 11
Rainier ... Seattle Nov. 8,
Gaelio Chlna& Japan Nov. 3. 1 pm PMSS
Pomona ... Humboldt Nov. 4, 2 pm Pier 9
Czarina ... Seattle Nov. 4. 10 am Pier 8
Bergenhus . Chlna& Japan Nov. 4, 10 am Pier 27
Columbia .. Portland Nov. 4, 11am Pier 24
Alliance ...Portland Nov. 6. Pier 20
Corona San Diego Nov. 6, 11 am Plfcr 11
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Nov. 5, 2 pm Pier 3
Steamer.
| Destination. |
Sails.
Steamer.
Prom.
I Due.
Kureka Humboldt .....lOct. 31
Titanta N'anaimo |Oct. 31
Curacao [Mexico Oct. 31
W. H. Kruger. Grays Harbor Nov. l
Coqullle River. Grays Harbor Nov. 1
Cloumbla Portland Nov. 1
Cleone Tlllamook Nov. 1
Tellua Oyster Harbor Nov. 1
Iaqua Eureka Nov. 1
Crescent City.. Crescent City Nov. 1
Point Arena.... Point Arena Nov. 1
Coos Bay Newport Nov." 1
Acapulco ...... New York Nov. 1
Bergenhus China and Japan Nov. 1
Czarina Seattle Nov. 2
Alliance Portland Nov. 2
Zealandta Honolulu Nov. 2
Pomona Kureka Nov. 2
Humboldt Skaguay Nov. 2
Rainier San Pedro ..Nov. 3
Umatilla Victoria Nov. 3
Corona San Diego Nov. 3
Hongk'ng Maru China and Japan Nov. 3
Matteawan .... Tacoma Nov. 4
Bonita Newport Nov. 5
Manauensa .... Comox Nov. 6
Steamer. | Destination. | Sails. | Pier.
Empire ....Coos Bay Oct. 81, 4 pm Pier 18
Arcata .... Coos Bay Oct. 81. 12 m Pier 10
Alameda .. Australia Oct. 31. 9 pm Pier 7
Santa Rosa San Diego Nov. 1. 11 am Pier 11
Australia .. Tahiti Nov. 1, . 6 pm Pier 7
Eureka ....Humboldt Nov. 2, 9 am Pier 2
North Fork Humboldt..... Nov. 2. 9 am Pier 2
Walla W... Victoria Nov. 2. 11 am Pier 9
W. Kruger. Grays Harbor Nov. 3, 5 pm Pier 2
Coos Bay.. Newport Nov. 3, 9 am Pier 11
Rainier ... Seattle Nov. 8,
Gaelio Chlna& Japan Nov. 3. 1 pm PMSS
Pomona ... Humboldt Nov. 4, 2 pm Pier 9
Czarina ... Seattle Nov. 4. 10 am Pier 8
Bergenhus . Chlna& Japan Nov. 4, 10 am Pier 27
Columbia .. Portland Nov. 4, 11am Pier 24
Alliance ...Portland Nov. 6. Pier 20
Corona San Diego Nov. 6, 11 am Plfcr 11
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Nov. 5, 2 pm Pier 3
Steamer.
| Destination. |
Sails.
Sun rises 6:34
Sun sets 5:13
Moon sets, first quarter .0:09 a. m.
0 Time Time Time Time
S Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
o ' H TV L V? HW L W
31... 6:03 4.9 11:36 2.7 5:13 4.5 11:42 0.8
1 ...! «:47 5.2 12:42 2.1 6:36 4.6
L W H W L W H W
2 ... 0:43 1.1 7:30 S.4 1:40 1.4 7:50 4.8
S ... 1:33 1.4 8:10 5.7 2:2S 0.7 9:00 4.8
4... 2:20 1.7 8:50 6.0 3:18 0.0 10:00 4.8
5 ... 3:06 2.0 9:29 6.2 4:06 0.5 10:59 4.9
6... 3:50 2.3 10:0S 6.3 4:55—0.8 11:54 4.8
AMITEEMENTS.
THEIR WORDS IN PRAIS^l
Artistic as any productlonwe have seen of
lat* vears. Theater-p>er» -will find Oliver
Goldsxr.Hh" Bomethlnc they will enjoy and not
forri't. — Chronicle.
¦ Welcomed trith applause that kept the cur-
tain going up and down long after the proper
dose of each act. Highly entertaining.— Ex-
8 i't'lR a rlay which everybody ehould eee once
and which many ¦will want to Bee more than
once. — Call.
THAT IS WHAT THET HAD TO SAT OF
STUART ROBSON
And HI* Erceellent Company In Augustus
Thomas' Masterpiece.
OLIVER GOLDSMITH
EVERY NIGHT!
©win* to the Immense Demand for Seats Sun-
day Night Performances Will Be Given.
MATIXEE SATURDAY.
TO-NIGHT AND THIS WEEK ONL.T.
MATIXEE SATURDAY.
The Great Russian Melodrama, .«*•
"fOR HER SMK.E."
POPULAR PRICES:
Vttt Ecsety Afltrawa, "Whtw Baby Art JtxV
6PECIAL^T0-DAY.
FTRST EXPLANATORY RECITAXi AT THE
PIANO BY
WALTER DrtmROSGH.
WAGXER'S
•*O'rtS RHEIIMGOl-*^-"
Friday Afternoon. Nov. !.."DIE WALKCRE"
Morday Afternoon. Nor. 6 "SIEGFRIED"
Wednesday Afternoon, Nov. 7
"GOTTERDAMMERUNG"
PRICES— a 60. %l t «5c
*TIV_OLI*
rOTTRTEENTH GRAND OPERA WEEK.
TO-NIGHT, FRIDAY, SATURDAY NIGHTS,
"AIDA."
BARBERESCHL CASTELLAXO, SALABSA.
LUCEXTI. POLETINI, SCHUSTER.
Th« Sensational Operatic Triumph.
"CARMEN"
Thursday. Sunday Nights, Saturday Matinee,
COLLAMARINI AS CARMEN.
Russo. Ferrari. Ntcollnl. Repetto, etc
POPULAR PRICES 25c and 50c
THE ROMAJfTIC DRAMA.
NORTHERN
LIGHTS.
EVERY NIGHT THIS WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY and SUNDAY.
BEATS NOW READY FOR NEXT WEEK.
"LOST PARADISE."
ALF ELLINGHOI7SE Prop, and MgT.
PHOXE SOUTH 770.
I Our Capacity Ic Being Tested to the
Verr Wall* of This Btft Theater. At
Every Performance People Turned
Away.
Seat Sale Goes on With Great Rapidity.
THE KINO
' opiumTrincj
THE GREATEST SHOW ON EARTH.
Matlne* Saturday and Sunday.
Evenlnr 15c, 25c. JSc. 60c and 75c
Matine* 15c. 25c. 8Sc and £>0o
Next— "A YOUNG WIPE."
CHUTES AND^OO.^r^Sr
BIG VAUDEVILLE SHOW I
THE CONG<D FAMILY,
TESS AND HER BABY MONKEY.
TO-MORROW NIGHT.
AN ALL-STAR AMATEUR SHOW.
Telephone for E*au. Park 22.
FT^THFR'S concert house.
AUeaandronl, Poerari. Ovando and Vargaj,
vocallsta, Joe Hays and lAinctte. ,-'
Reserved Seats. 2Sc: Matinee Sunday.
Toanh act or "EKNANir y»cd. Franco.
AMUSEMENTS.
MATIXEE TO-DAT. WEDNESDAY, Oct 31.
Parquet. 25c. any seat: Balcony, 10c; Children,
lCc. any part, except reserved.
BEST SHOW IN TOWN. BEST PEOPLE IN
VAUDEVILLE.
DOLAN ANDLENHABB,PRELLE'S
TALKING DOGS, JOHNSON,
RIANO AND BENTLEY, HOW-
ARD AND BLAND, GEORGE
EVANS, ¦> .
LES FRASETTIES. WORLD AND HAST-
INGS. BLANCHE RING. LIZ-
ZIE B. RATMOXD.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAT.
NEW r '.WtB^k Wu Enifcni I PANY
ONLT THIS WEEK.
GUette's Greatest of All American Plays,
SECRET SERVICE
T. DANIEL FRAWLEY as LEWIS DUMONT.
Next Week— "A DIVORCE COLONT."
EVENING PRICES lOc. 15c. 2Oc, OOo
A Few Front Rows In Orchestra, 75c
MATINEE PRICES 10c. 15c, 25c. 50c
Branch Ticket Office— Emporium.
GRAND OPERA SEASON
MAURICE GRAU OPERA CO.
From the Metropolitan Opera-house, New Tork.
THREE WEEKS — Commencing Nov. 12,
AT MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
Beginning With an Elaborate Production
of Gounod's
"ROMEO ET JULIETTE."
To be followed the first week by "Tannhau-
eer," "Alda," "Faust," "Lohengrin," "Lucia
dl Lammennoor" and "The Flying Dutchman."
Later in the season "The Nlbelungen Ring" of
Wagner wlU be r*ven for the first tlm*.
Sale of Subscription S^ats only this week,
from 9 to 5, at Sherman. Clay & Co.'e.
Prices for season of 20 performances, |3S to
tlOO. according to location. Proscenium and
Balcony Boxes. $500 to S1000. Single Night
Sale beelns November 7. Prlcea $2 to J7.
Positively no seats reserved for Single Nights
until Subscription Sale terminates.
WEBER PIANOS USED.
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.'S HALL.
Direction S. H. FRIEDLANDER & CO.
TO-MORROW NIGHT.
LITTLE ENID BRANDT.
Tha Wonderful Child Artist. In
PIANO RECITALS. :
Each concert to include little Enid's mar-
velous feat of MUSICAL TELEGRAPHY.
Thursday Afternoon. Nov. 8.
Saturday Afternoon. Nov. 10.
PRICES — fl, 73c, Me. Seats now on sale at
Sherman. Clay & Ca's music store.
®VIM. VIGOR. VITALITY for MEM
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have been in use over fifty
years by the leaders of the
Mormon Church and their fol-
lowers. Positively cures the
worst cases In old and young
arising: from effects of . self -
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
cigarette-smoking. Cures Lost
Manhood, Impotency, Lost
Power, Night Losses, Insom-
nia, Pains in Back. Kvll Desires, Lame Back.
Nervous Debility, Headache, Unfitness to Mar-
ry, Loss of Semen, iw '^^ Varlcocele or Con-
etlpation. Stops Ne *3 I J rvous Twitching
tit Eyelids, Effects J^^T«&re immediate.
Impart vigor and ** rt/T * to every
function. Don't get despondent: a"cure is at
hand. Restores small, undeveloped organs.
Stimulates the brain and nerve centers; 60c a
box; 6 for $2 60 by mail. A written guarantee to
cure or money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars
fr*e. Address BISHOP REMEDT CO.. 40 Ellis
st. Ban Francisco, Cal., GRANT DRUG CO.,
83 and 40 Third ft _^
A visit OR- JORDAN'S aftCAT 4
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY?
\ ' .Of ¦ The Larnct Anatomical Mtueum in the \
A " Wortd. yf&kaeam or any contracted m
KiN <HKa*e |>CBUl»rIycBr«4bjrtheold«t T
L* #031 SpeatilttoatluCotu. Ettytjtn 9
A d«¥f | 0ft. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES |
A I Vv '2J m Trtltment personally rr by lttler. Am
\ fl V *nW *"¦"** ft«« in ererycas* undertakes. \
Ama Wm Wrfie for Book. »MIl.©«or«ir»f A
W ¦ « II « ¦UBMGB, MAILBS IIU (Af
X n IL ' nlMMc book for turn) \
9 D&.JOBDAN A CO.. 1051 Market St., & F. f
******** A* A* A*»**»*»*jt****
I SECOND GRAND RALLY OF j£
| FIRST VOTERS *
* TONIGHT at'ODD FELLOWS' » :
J HALL Have you heard the J;
-K young men? kJSI *"
.¥¥f¥¥¥¥¥.¥V¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥V,» w
Sala'a. j Hale'*.
manicuring and hairdressirig
at reasonable prices
these • departments— -located on the ; v~ siQBSx&s
mezzanine Jloor of this new store — are 'iw^S^B? 1
elegantly furnished and luted with the
zv.on modern appliances, they arc un- 3 %qJBEii5giL
der the management of Mr. and Mrs. /^ig^B^S^^fto
A. F. Co?provc, who have secured a ,;y-^aJjWWEc!pW£y
corps of expert artists to assist them. /(fomwffiixfiwffij
Mr. and Mrs. Cosfrrove recently ro- '/^T^Svfl^aJR^'
turned from an extended visit to the m^M^ff^^^W';" r '^\
large eastern cities, where they care- l^TV^g^^'MU],
fully studied the most advanced ideas in
hairdressing. one of the latest Paris
styles is shown by the accompanying (C^fcSjSsr^
illustration, it is called the Marcel un- ¦ y^ySggfflSiSL
dulating and is entirely new and very
attractive. Mr. and Mrs. Coscrove are
the only people west oT New York who
can give this difficult and beautiful wave \snv*ss«*n
to the hair, a skilled artist will be sent /
to your own home to dress your hair upon request.
, . . - -
opening of the dress goods-
third floor, an en t| re lot underprlced.
fthe great Jf &Qod dressers of San Fran-
art -ware, c i sco had not so jrreatly admired
china, our black English pierolas the
class and line would not be bo soon broken
f a _,T, „. and consequently you would not
lamp sale now be able t0 buy the beautiful
continues patterns still remaining at these re-
and daily duced prices—
adds to O u r 5 L35 g^a 51.50 grade,
the new yard Sl.OO
store's rv V
throng of our 51.75 prade yard 81.25
admirers
— some our $2.25 grade yard 81.75.
items — we need scarcely tell you that the
cups and goods, which are 42 inches wide,
saucers llrmly woven and possessing a
in beauti- beautiful finish, have been one or
ful blue or green, with gold decora- the most pronounced black goods
tions — as Illustrated lUc successes of the season and that
plates— 9-inch flat or deep — same they are equally desirable for
pattern M 12c ekirts or full costumes.
six o'clock -^mSSSoeooas^' specialty.
Market street, near Sixth, opposite
Golden Gate avenue.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
___' ' "" " "'»' "" « ¦'' "'"'~ "" ~
FURNITURE AND CARPETS
AT 20 PER GENT DISCOUNT
FROM REGULAR PRICE.
« Fre* . delivery within 200 miles.
BRILLIANT'S,
338-340-342 POST ST.,
Opea evenings. Near Powell.
I l\hU Mllinl- Mark «. s.f. Try
1 .11 FT nillUl g ur Special Brew
Uill L IJUInU Steam and La« er .
5c. Overcoats and
YaUaes checked £tmAt a recent voting contest It wai unanimous
ly decided that there was nothing better on
tarth than the "American" clear Havana cigar.*
Republicans at Pleasanton.
PLEASANTON, Oct. SO.-Nevis' Pa
vilion was crowded to the doors last even-
I respect Atfferenoes of opinion, but It Is one
thins to ctar to America, amid the peac* and
CUlet of a pretty home at Lincoln. Nebrwka.
any.s&y bow our foreign affaire eh&II be &A
rr.\'n\rlfT-i. bow our fla* ¦ball be upheld, and
tt i» a. ralKbtr £l.T<TPnt thin* to go out on th«
tiring line, whether tt be In the PhiUpplnea or
In China, where th«t naif wm not respected
until the rreat victory of Manila Bay, and then
ur what rhall be done.
It you *h&U on Noranber 6th vote to haul
down the fi&jr, to retreat and run away In the
far* ef th« «>«ny. It will b« tl>« Cm time la
tho'hlFtrry of the American people that they
hRV* run away from an enemy. It you teach
rowartJico now to yoor children, and t»ach
th«-m t» run away from two or three million.
As'.aticn, what will you do some day aralnst
the combined armies of all Europe? I say as
en* who know* tb« Asiatic sentiment, aa ona
«rti>> knows by personal contact the conditions
irrw th» Paclnc that If ww withdraw now It
will tafc* until dootneday to regain the pr«stlK«
•¦*- rball loM. A few of the Filipino leader*
mlirtit va4*ritand our withdrawal at a matter
tf i*.:itlr* if Itryan ahall win and do what he
?»r« h* will do, but the masse* of the peopl*
•tit tb*T* will t«r!J»v« w« are coward*. •
IM. m* *ar rrnnllnir the position of the Fll
rj.ir><-«. th*r> wan &er*r riven to Afulnaido any
iKtirtnc or anr arr*«-nj«nt of any kind or
tha/aottr that h» should baw aa independent
r',-v»rr,rn*-r.» of which h- »houl(J be the lnde
y>T<r,rv\ h»a4. W» t\<\ tntkc a mutake In tak
m« htm ortr ti> Manila, but that wai In time
*t war. an4 in war many thlnr* can be done
tn4 «r» Arm* that would not have bern done
•»»*•* nnnnal •onditions. - " . . " -
I »*t *;• *r» Justin** IB foo4 moral! nod goofl
order and amid much applause Introduced
John A. Bliss, Assemblyman from the Fif
tieth District and candidate for re-elec
tion, as president of the evening'. Mr.
BUes made a graceful speech, calling par
ticular attention to thb great Importance
to California ot the coming election and
commending Republicans and Democrats
¦.like to the platform which stands for the
maintenance of national honor at home
and abroad.
Mr. Barrett was presented to the au
flience by President' Bliss and the dis
tinguished orator was tfven a great wel
coma At the outset Mr. Barrett declared
that he stood for the preservation of the
Integrity of tha nation, for the mainte
nance of It* prestige and for the policy
that had made the flag respected In the
Orient, .where a few years ago It had been
unknown and disregarded.
"That Is why I stand here to-night for
the re-election of President William Mc-
Klnlcy." said Barrett. Continuing, he
said:
League Drill Corps. Arthur IL Breed.
chalrma\of the Republican County Cen
tral Committee, called the asesmblage to
the principles of the Republican party and
a supporter of the policy of President Mc-
Kinley toward the Philippine Islands. His
ipeech was that of a man who had been
an intelligent eye-witness to the events
precedinfir and immediately following the
fall of Manila. His arguments, strong,
soncluslve and eloquently presented, re
ceived the constant and enthusiastic ap
proval of his hearers.
Mr. Barrett was escorted to the audi
torium by the Youngr Men's Republican
Sent Cleveland, told a larpe audience to
aight at the Exposition building why he
aas an exponent during this campaign of
John J. Barrett Speaks, for
the Policy of the
President.
?
OAKLAND, Oct SO.— John Barrett,
(Lraerlcan Mlnieter to 61am under Presi-
EX-SIAM MINISTER
IS FOR McKINLEY
Peter Lawler. the ex-prlzeflghter. met
with an accident yesterday at- tHe corner
of Post and Kearny streets, which re
sulted in his death four hours later at the
City and County Hospital. Lawler. who
had been In delicate health for some time
past, was struck by a passing truck while
attempting to cross the street. He was
removed to the Receiving Hospital by
Offlcer McGee ami on examination
Dr. Putnam found that Lawler had suf
fered contused wounds of boths hips
and was perhaps injured Internally.
Lawler wm at once transferred to th»
City and County Hospital, where he died
from internal injuries at 4 o'clock. The
Coroner was notified and had the body re
moved to the Morgue.
Lawler had been an Inmate of the insti
tution where he breathed his last on sev
eral occasions and had but recently be»n
discharged. He had roomed at the White
House on Jackson street since he left the
hospital the last time.
PETEB LAWLER MEETS
WITH FATAL ACCIDENT
Former Prizefighter Is Knocked
Down by a Truck and Dies
Soon Afterward.
Mr. Barrett concluded with an eloquent
description of the simple life of the> Presi
dent and his manly, coura-greous method
r>t handling the enormous problems that
had been thrust upon the Government.
The audience dispersed after cheering the
ticket. .
eoDBClenca for our position in the Philippines.
The "bogle" of Imperialism may be
6ummed up in these words: We are to-day in
the Philippines. We are putting down an In
surrection, maintaining a government and pro
tecting our flag as the result of a moral respon
sibility reetlng on the treaty growing out of the
war with Spain, which was a righteous war,
supported by Democrats and Republicans alike.
Will you have the words of the lamented Law
ton, killed at the head of his troops, to guide
you. or the words of Colonel Bryan of Ne
braska, who was never nearer to the Philip
pines than 7000 miles?
I hear my friend Mayor Phelan is going up
and^own the State talking for Colonel Bryan.
I would like to have the Mayor on a platform
with roe In debate. After he had finished I
would sit In my seat If h~ would only repeat
the words he uttered one year ago when he in
troduced me to the Chamber of Commerce of
Ban Francisco. I thought I was an expannlon
let. but aXter I heard Mayor Phelan at that
meeting I decided I was not yet In the nrst
primer.
inp to listen to Congressman Metcalf and
other Republican speakers upon the issues
of the campaign. The meeting was called
to order by C. L. Crellin. Congressional
committeeman, and T. W. Harris was
chairman of the evening. Mr. Harris
gpoke of the necessity of loyalty to the
Republican ticket and especially urged
that the Republican candidate for the
Assembly, John G. Mattoa Jr., of Cen
tervllle, and for Supervisor, C. F. Homer,
be supported by every Republican in the
city. Mr. Homer made a short address
in which he said that if elected he would
give his best efforts to the service of the
county and John G. Mattos gpoke of the
necessity of legislation for schools and a
primary law. Superior Judges John Ells
worth and F. 13. Osrden spoke upon the
necessity of electing Republicans to
the Legislature and to the Board of Su
pervisors. Dr. George C. Pardee of Oak
land discussed the Issues of the campaign
and said that it was of prime importance
that Alameda County should not only
vote for President McKinley, but should
elect a complete set of Republican of
ficers.
Congressman Metcalf was given a most
hearty ovation. He tupoke of the im
portance of supporting the national art
ministration and aroused the greatest en
thusiasm.
a market in the outside world, and there Is
no market so advantageous as one under our
control. That made us look for new lands
which we found in the Congo. My people were
radically opposed to the acquisition of the Congo
and I was compelled to throw my private for
tune into the balance In order to work out the
policy in the O>ngo, and to-<!ay we are manu
facturing to our fullest capacity, our country
is prosperous, our new markets help us to con
sume our overproducts and we are Independent
of our neighbors and our people are contented "
Bad government . means loss of , confidence
abroad, .meang disastrous business at home
Defining bad government and its results leads
you to the people who are the ones injured and
who suffer distress consequent thereon. That
rood government means good business needs
no exemplar. - Good government means a happy
•people; eood government means a prosperous
people; good government means better wages
and more comforts at home. Your wives and
your children and yourselves are better clothed
your school houses enlarged; your pleasures
extended; your bank account Increased. The
community has life and Is full of spirit; new
enterprises are being inaugurated and carried
on on every side. Good government means con
fidence abroad. Confidence abroad means
respect and admiration < to this country
and a better business with the nations of the
world. Good government means a united,
happy, contented and satisfied people, loving
their constitution and revering their flag. That
Is the condition that this country finds Itself
In as the result of good government.
Some nionths ago when I wa« abroad 1 had
the pleasure of talking for several hours with
one of the ablest monarchs of Europe, Kins
Lieopold of Belgium, a man who speaks -Kngllsh
as perfectly as we do. They call him the
"business Kini^' of Europe. He cares little
for pomp or snow and Is very much in love
with our American rorm of government. In
¦peaking: of affaire national he said: "Tour
country has come Into magnlflernt territory.
The Philippine Islands are a treat property
and your administration is very wise in re
taining them. Take the Belgium Government —
we are composed of 6.500.000 people, occupying
a email area of land compared with your great
American States. Our Industries are many, we
are. essentially a manufacturing country and
our neighbors all around us are likewise manu
facturers. For national reasons they prefer to
use their home product, which necessarily
forces us to limit production unless we can flnd
swimming In the exeat political sea and be just
oprnrd his mouth and took in the Democratic
Jonah, but the Democracy squirmed -so much
that the great whale Bryan concluded that he
would better adopt a new lseua in order to
content and quiet the In-mocratic Jonah that
he h«d inside of him. and so he compromised
an<3 agreed to occasionally foricet his 16 tol
proposition and talk about imperialism, mili
tarism and expansion. It was a hard com
promise for him to actept. He hated to give
up the old doctrine, but It was the bwt he
cculd do In order to keep peace with the Demo
cratic Jonah, even tf he lo&t votes by It.
COLONEL HENRY I. KOWALSKY. WHO WAS THE SPEAKER OF THE
EVENING AT THE REPUBLICAN RALLY HELD AT METROPOL
ITAN TEMPLE LAST NIGHT.
EMINENT RECORD
IN THE ASSEMBLY
A Legislator Whose Char
acter Is Without
Blemish.
J. W. ATHERTON. REPUB
LICAN NOMINEE FOR THE
ASSEMBLY IN THE TWENTY
THIRD DISTRICT.
THE Republican voters and all
other good citizens of Marin Coun
ty should not fall to give their
earnest and vigorous support to
Hon. J. W. Atherton. Republican
nominee for the Assembly in the Twenty
third District. Mr. Atherton's record In
the Legislature Is without a blemish. His
fidelity to his constituents, his devotion
to legislative duty, his intelligence and
manly character enlisted the attention of
lawmakers. No one in the Assembly stood
higher in the estimation of the . House
than the Assemblyman from Marin Coun
ty. His service »m highly creditable to
the State and the district which he repre
sented.
Meetings Announced.
There "will be several Important meet
ings for the last week of the campaign In
all portions of Alameda County.
One of the most important will be that
to be held on Friday night at the Taber
nacle, when Colonel John P. Irish will
speak upon the political situation from
the point of view of the sold Democrats.
Colonel Irish is a most forcible talker,
and, having Just, returned from the East.
his speech will be the more Important
He believes that McKinley will be elected
and Vlll tell why he should be.
There will be a Joint rally of Repub
licans on Saturday evening at the head
quarters of the National League of Re
publican Clubs In the Central Bank build
ing. The Quarter Century Republican ,
Club has postponed Its regular Thursday
night meeting until that date and will
unite with the National League Club, the
Army and Navy Republican League and
the Young Men's Republican Club In a
rally for the Republican ticket.
The Fifth Ward Republican Club will
hold a meeting to-morrow (Wednesday)
evening at Grand Army Hall on Thir
teenth street, between Broadway an<l
Franklin, when the candidates who are
running in that district will be present.
At San Leandro there will be a Repub
lican demonstration on Friday evening.
Novfmber 2. It will be addressed by
Congressman Victor H. Metcalf and Hon.
William R. Davis. Presidential Elector.
There will be county candidates present
and a committee, composed of A. Rogers.
A. J. Santos. M. J. Garcia. J. F. SUva, J.
E. Barbitero and John Perdra, have the
arrangements in charge. F. J. Lemos
will deliver an address in Portuguese.
The McKinley and Roosevelt Colored
Republican Club will hold a meeting at
the National League Hall, corner of
Fourteenth street and Broadway. Wed
nesday evening. There will b« many
prominent speakers.
and has never yet failed to vote that* she
should receive her just dues.
The location of the State prison at San
Quentin, within the confines of Mann
County, often entails upon that county
the expense of trying many of the State
prisoners who violate the rules and com
mit crimes beyond the Jurisdiction of the
prison authorities to punish. These are
all tried at San Rafael; the county Is
taxed for the expense, which belongs to
the State, but in no Instance has Mr. Bel
shaw failed to vote for any bill relmbus-
Ing the taxpayers of that county for this
outlay unwittingly forced upon -them.
Belshaw's course throughout his entire
legislative career has been one of con
sistency. When a measure of any practi
cal good came up before him for consider
ation his vote was always recorded on the
right side. In the Interest of the people,
but when there was the least taint of
suspicion surrounding any measure, oppo
sition, fullv as marked as his enthusiastic
support of good measures, generally re
sulted tn the cause of right triumphing.
Porter Ashe Club Rally.
. The "members of the Porter Ashe Club
held a large and enthusiastic meeting last
evening in the armory of Company H,
League of the Cross Cadets. The hall
was crowded to the doora when Eugena
F. Lacy called the meeting to order. He
made a short address and promised that
If elected as Assemblyman from the Twen
ty-second District he would try to fill the
position with credit to- his constituents.
Francis J. Heney then made an address
and was listened to with marked atten
tion. Thomas M. O'Connor. "The Boy
Orator of the Mission," then took the plat
form. He was warmly received and spoke
for over a half-hour on the current issues.
When Porter Ashe was escorted to the
stage he was received with deafening ap
plause. He commenced his speech by
drawing his listeners' attention to the fact
that this was a workingman's district, and
that they should take as much interest in
the election as the capitalists. He scored
the army transport service, laying espe
cial stress on the Hancock case, which,
the speaker said, was a true sample of
the abuse which has developed. He also
referred to the Jirilus Kahn Business
Men's Club as * "trust club," chiefly com
posed of rich men.
Democratic Meetings.
The German Democrats will hold a
rally to-night in Metropolitan Temple. It
Is under the auspices of the State Central
Committee.
D. M. Delmas will speak at Redding to
morrow night. W. H. Alford is sched
uled to speak at Ventura to-night and at
Redlaiids to-morrow night.
Frank H. Gould will speak at Vallejo
to-night. Jo D. Sproul speaks at Orovllle
to-night with E. E. Iyeake.
J. F. Farraher and Eugene Deuprey will
be the speakers at a rally at Petaluma to
night, and W. D. Crichton and B. V. Sar
gent will address a meeting at Holllster.
CHARLES L. NEUMILLER OF STOCKTON, WHO WILL BE ONE OF
THE SPEAKERS AT THE FIRST VOTERS* RALLY, TO TAKE
PLACE AT ODD FELLOWS' HALL TO-NIGHT.
CHARLES L. NEITMIL.LER of
Stockton, who bears a striking
resemblance to President McKin
ley will be one of the speaker*
at the rally to-night at Odd Fel
lows" Hall, corner of Market and Seventh
streets, under the auspices of tne First
Voters' McKinley and Roosevelt Club.
His subject will be "Republican Pledges."
Tlrey L. Ford will deliver the principal
address of the evening.
Carey Van Fleet, who has been so suc
cessful In h!a speeches this campaign, has
chosen fci his subject "Liberty Under the
Law." He will deal especially with the
American jjoltcy toward our island pos
sessions.
Hartley ¥. Peart, a Berkeley graduate
of The class of '98. will taU on "Califor
nia and Expansion." He will give an ex
position of the reasons why California
particularly favors expansion.
Isidore Golden will deliver an address on
"Prosperity and the Republican Party."
showing the progress of the nation under
Republican rule.
The club has aroused great enthusiasm
among th» "twenty-onesters" and the
rolls are bring filled rapidly. An oppor
tunity for enrollment will be given at tne
meeting. . ..
There will be campaign singing by tne
quartet and popular airs by a band.
J. Milton Aiannon. president of the club,
will call the meeting to order.
This meet'.ne of the First V oters will be
the one important Republican rally to
night. To-morrow night there will be two
meetings that will attract large audiences,
drawing from all parts of the city. One
will be held at Saratoga Hall. uea , r> _
street, between Hyde and Larkin. un«ier
the auspices of the Continental league.
George A. Knight, who has not yet apoker,
\n Slrx Francisco In the course -of thU
mmnalen will be one of the speakers.
Co^KrVfJmen Loud and Kahn and other
'^he'olher^hu^dav^ht meeting will
?S o^r^KinM W
velt clubs of the University of California
and Stanford University, to b* £eld at
Metropolitan Temple Fridaj ¦ ntent wm
be practically the closing rally of
campaign. General \\ . H. L. n^f
deliver the principal address T^. r .f e |^'
dent members of each club will also
speak. There will be songs by college
boys. It is anticipated that campaign en
thusiasm will reach its greatest height at
this meeting-
people twice, even if he doe» change his mark.
We know his voice, and it is the eame old war
rry. •Valarr.lty." pitched a little different. But
nobody 1* fooled, for nobody believes him.
After a!I comr good come* from evil. All
the hue and cry of thli< triple-headed candidate
f.ns brought to ycur attention many things
ahnut your Government and its management.
That It ha* been prosperous ever since Mc-
K:nley*s election every humsn being in the
.ard knows. That H will continue eo under his
nlfe adir.in'.stratlon you ne*d no prophet to
Hut you should consider what it
w-^uid have been under ltryan> administration
If he had unfortunately been elected. In pros
perity we seldom think of misfortune, but In
:r<jer to better enjoy our Rood fortune it is well
Vr us to call to mind the time when bread
v-Z9 scarce— when work was not obtainable —
when charity i«ou;-.h?us<*f! had to feed the brawn
airrchants were failing and when the farmers
•/ere ycked down with the heavy burden of
m^rt^see and the manufacturer vu sitting in
>Ilene?s seeing hip machinery rust and his
boatfaeaa wrecked, his employes and their f«m
.1'es starving, yes, not only starving, but with
the winter's snow piled up at their doors, they
nerv freezing and destitution vu stalking
through the land. These were the condition*
ilready existing, the national treasury depleted
• r.d our national credit on the wane. And if
Bryan had come into control with hi* continued
policy of free trade, and worse, his 47-cent »1I
,-er dollar, only God known what would have
'^rpened to the American peopla.
The morning of the Tth of November. 1W.
:hs factory tfnoris were heard to creak back
m their runted hingep. the fires were lighted,
:he chimneys were smoking, the factory hand
«-ith ttout heert ktsesd his wife and children
iCieu as he started once again to labor for
heir happiness and comfort, the merchant laid
r. a new etock of grxvls, the farmer bought
lew flows. Before the Inauguration of the
Mon. William MeKinley the prophecies of the
Rf-publican party were being redeemed. And
tew after nearly four years of his splendid »d
nir.lFtrstion what bsn you before you? Do
,ou realize? Never in fairy taJes was the wild
•st dreamer with the aid of magic able to pro
luce a change or transform conditions as has
he wise policy of the Republican party under
he direction of the Hon. William McKinley.
set only is the worklr.grnan'i dinner pail full,
tut he has also a bar.k account and the bank
raults are full of his earnings, the clothes
rloset is full of good warm winter clothing,
.he pantry is full of good ¦victuals and the cel
ar full of rood coal. The home is full of com
v-rt and America." ¦ Baleru&rd and best friend,
.he pchoo! house, is full of happy children.
The national treasury Is full and the na
aonai credit Is above par. The whole world Is
"ull of admiration for the American Govern
jifnt, due to four yean cf wise Republican
idminict ration.
What sort of better times, think you. can
v>me from Bryan and his Cabinet? Fancy this
rountry with Bry&n President, Altgeld Secre
jry of State. Croker Secretary of the Treaa
lry, Tiliman Secretary of the Navy and Daws
'orretary of War. Th« mere, suggestion of
M* combination of names, the mere thought
hat this combination, which represents everr-
Hnr bad that can exist in anr government,
ihould be at the head of the American Oovern
mnt if too horrible a nightmare to ever think
*-if being realized, but la order to prevent It
h» citizen who lores his country must be pre
pared with a clear and decisive Republican
fete next Tuesday morning..
Before the Democratic Convention met at
VariF&s flty Mr. Bryan swallowed the Demo
cratic party and Informed Its great leaders
hat the money question was the paramount
juestion. He was the Popullstlc whale that was
For two hours he entertained tha
audience with an address that was replete
with 'pood stories and good logic.
\Varren Putton presided a» chairman.
Colonel Kowalsky spoke >n part as fol
lows:
One week from to-tfay the great -American
Jury wlil render it» verdict — •"McKinley wai
right."
There will N» a merry wake over the Popu
liPtir-JVmo^ratlr-Silver Republican eorpee. The
imly thing I am afraid of If — thfy will not
pive poor Bryan a decent funeral. At least
they will not allow him to be buried In con
fi crated JefTerfcrwiian ground, because he never
wjo- properly baptized into the Democratic
ffith. • The Silver Republican* do not own a
r.-mete r> and the Topullsts bury In the potter*'
field.
\\> remgntre that under a constitutional
Civernment we must have two parties, and the
Ii»-r.uhlirans »'1I1 welcome back to earth .again
the IX'niOiTatic party, for we like a fair fight
oui ir. the open and not a guerrilla warfare,
emijUFhed Ik hind the maeks of anaxchy, Alt
pHtfiFm and Hryanirm.
Tm* meetir.K to-nlttht ir a sort of ratification
n.f-etinc We have a right to rejoice «h»n we
lt-«rn that the great bugaboo of the twentieth
: • BtSIT as n °t succeeded in frightening any
body by his cry of calamity and destruction.
We heard it four yeare ago. Pome got scared.
Colonel Kowalsky Pictures Re
sults of Republican Rule.
COLONEL, HENTIT I. KOWAL
FKY was the speaker of the even
ing at the Republican rally at
Metropolitan Temple last night.
First Voters' Mass-Meeting at Odd
Fellows' Hall To-Night.
CALLING TO THE STAND FIRM
THE SAN FKANUISUO CAXJl^ WEDNESDAY, OCTOJBKK 31, lWlK '/
POLITICAL • opponents of Hoii.
Charles. M. Belshaw, the Republl
"can nominee for State Senator in
the district composed of Marin
and Contra Costa counties, are en
deavoring to make capital out of his vote
on Senate bill No. i£, "an act to prevent
deception in the manufacture of butter
and cheese, to secure its enforcement and
to appropriate money therefor."
Just about the time this bill was intro
duced into the Legislature all kinds of
commissions were being formed for th«
alleged purpose of investigating all kinds
of interests, ostensibly, but really to pro
vide soft snaps for political hirelings ami
to saddle upon the taxpayers of the State,
additional burdens. This bill was one of
this kind, which, under the guise of a
great good to a thriving industry, was so
clothed in verbiage that its real purpose
was concealed and it took a mind of more
than ordinary perception to discover its
real purpose. »
At that time the State ' maintained in
an office on- Davis street a commissioner,
supposed to be a dairy expert, whose chief
business it was once. a year to gather to
gether representatives of the dairy inter- I
ests in the State. This meeting was usu
ally-held in September. . when the grass
was dry, and learned papers were read by
university professors, experts of the ani
mal industry department of the United
Slates Government, and dairymen with all
Kinds of experiences. i
These dlpqulstlons, ranging from "How
to Milk a Cow with One Hand," to the
theories of "Lacteal Producing Substances
In Hay and Alfalfa," were collated in a
brochure issued from the State printinK
office, and were scattered broadcast
throughout the State, even to the outer
most confines of the Mojave Desert and
Death Valley, where milk la obtained
when possible from a can of the con
densed kind.
But the dairy interest was a vast one
and politicians' eyes turned longingly
from the cow to .the treasury, which af
forded, an opportunity to obtain a brand
of golden cream which the ordinary
bovine would not yield. So it was pro
posed to organize a commission, pay fancy
salaries, give employment to a number
of inspectors, clerks and other attaches,
and appropriate large sums of money for
the maintenance of the bureau or com
mission. The bill was apparently all right
on its face, but it carried a nice' little
Joker.
All kinds of commissions were thus
being created, and if a check had not been
put on them every politician out of a job
would have .been enabled to get on, and
under the pretense of protecting the baby,
the cow and the cheese eater, have waxed
fat at the expense of the taxpayer. The
bill was not intended for the protection
of the dairy interests, bo much as it was
intended to provide places for political
parasites. ¦
So when the bill came up for passage
in the Assembly Mr. -Belshaw .voted
against the measure, - prefacing his vote
by the following statement:*
"I vote no on Senate bill No. 8S, because
I think it is unwise to establish a com
mission to give special protection to any
particular kind of Industry at the expense
of the Slate at large. I would have voted
for the bill if the section creating the
commission and making the appropriation
for the same had been stricken out.""
Notwithstanding Belshaw's strong oppo
sition, based on the highest regard for
the interests of the State at large, the bill
passed 'the Senate by a vote of 32 ayes,
no noes being recorded, and by the As
sembly by 52 ayes and 12 noes.
It is upon thl? slender basis that the op
ponents of Mr. Belshaw are claiming that
he is opposed to the- dairying interests 'of
the State. Yet his keen foresight into the
possible doings of a commission of the
scope of this shows that he stood more
in favor of the dairying interests by his
opposition to the bill than did those who
voted for the measure. His friends are
asking "What has the Dairy Commission
ever done for the dairy interests?"
In contrast, however, with his opposition
to the bill creating a useless commission
is his vote on the bills introduced in 1837.
entitled an act defining the different
grades of cheese, and standing for same
(Assembly Journal, page 85); and an act
entitled "to provide for the Inspection of
dairies, etc.. and making an appropriation
therefor" (Assembly journal, page 1320),
on which he voted in favor of the bills.-
Again in the session of 1899, his redord
is shown by the Journal of the Assembly,
page 971, when Senate bill No. 59, "an act
providing for the inspection of dairies"
was under consideration. And again
when Senate bill No. 732, "an act to pro
vide for the Inspection of dairies and ap
propriating money therefor," was under
consideration, his vote and remarks • are
recorded on page 1543 of the Assembly
Journal. These official records are likely
to furnish the petard which will hoist the
men who lighted it.
Marin County, too, ought to be grateful
to Mr. Belshaw, for he has been a persis
tent and earnest champion of h>r legiti
mate claims against the State Treasury.
His Position
on Dairies
Sound.
Slight the
Belshaw
Record.
.Troppman Is spoken of by his associates
and. many acquaintances as a capable
man - who : should »be elected.
W. J. Evatt la the nominee of Kelly and
Crimmins for, the Assembly in the Thirty
second District. His saloon is on Fourth
street. V -
The Thirty-second District comprises
that . portion of the 4 city ; bounded as fol
lows: Commencing where Bryant street
intersects the ; bay , and continuing along
sthe following named streets: Bryan! to
intersection of. v Eleventh and"Channel,
i along Eleventh i to • Harrison. Harrison to
;rs,apa,Napato,the bay, thence along the
THE voters of the Forty-fifth As
sembly District have their own po
litical affairs and manage them in
their own way. Two years ago the
' ,_, dlstrlct elected Eugene Sullivan
Republican and Citizens' Republican nom
inee, by a.plurallty of 236., The candidates
this year are Oeorge C. Brown. Republl
o!w' an ? J*' 111181 " ! Gately, Democrat and
Citizens' Republican. The Call isnot suf
ficiently familiar with the merits of the
two candidates to commend one above the
other Mr Brown if elected may develop
qualities of statesmanship that will aston
tflfc %l$ Ae B em.bl Z ems i SQ hls o^^
bora. Again. Mr. Gately may possess some
reserve force of genius for legislation that
only. a : term in the Assembly can bring
Into Play. No doubt each candidate la fa
miliar with the wants of the, district and
it is fair to assume that the people of the
Forty-fifth know something concerning
the merltB of their nominees.
The Forty-fifth District is bounded as
follows: Commencing at the foot of Mar
ket street and the bay and continuing
thence along the following named str-Ms:
Market to Kearny, Kearny to the bay.
thence along the bay shore to Market
ptreet, the place of beginning^
GEORGE J. McLOUGHLIN is the
nominee of the Citizens' Republi
can party for Assemblyman to
represent the Thirtieth District.
&Ir. McLoughlin is. a Native Son
of the Golden West. He was born in this
city twenty-eight years ago. and his ed
ucation was secured In the public schools
of Ban Francisco. He is a mlllman by
trade and occupation. He" is a member, of
the Millmen'B Union and also ' a member
of the Building Trades Council. Although
active, In public • affairs . for ;¦ many -.years, '
Mr. McLourhlln was never before a candi
iflftW for office, ills first nomination tor
the Assembly came * from the • exclusive
Democratic ' Convention which ; assembled
at Odd Fellows' HallJ The nominee is
highly upoken of a« a representative man
of intelligence and honesty :v
'Michael McBrlde Was -nominated for the
Assembly I by ', the convention .which ] Kelly
and Crimmins controlled. ,' i
The .Assembly > District' com-;
prises that portion, of -the city : bounded as
follows: Commencing at Market and Fifth
streets ' and "continuing ; thence ¦ along : . the
. following named streets : sv Markets to i Sev- j
' enth, 1 ; Seventh to Bryant,'; Bryant 1 to Flf th,^
Fifth to Market, .the place of beginning.
Drccharl.es m. tropi»man is
the : Democratic : nominee ' and ; the
candidate ; of : the v Citizens'. ReDUb
lican' party \ to represent the Thir
. .-Lv, ty-second Assembly District In the
Legislature. ~ He is : 38 : years of, age and
has'resided In the district for a period of
¦ twenty-five, years.' He is a~graduate of the
Pacific . Business College" and '. of' the ! Col
lege* of /Pharmacyl* He graduated from
California Medicar College. 1897, He took
post-graduate course from College of Phy
sicians • and Surgeons , and '? graduated with ,
| honors ' : in ; 1900. V He v is fa; member Tot the
faculty of the last* named Institution. Dr,
¦'VV-- ¦• . ¦ ¦ . ¦ - • .; ¦ ¦ ¦
MERITS OF MORE CANDIDATES FOR THE NEXT ASSEMBLY
CONSIDERED AS AFFECTING THEIR HOPE OF ELECTION
8hama street, yesterday, and took posses
sion of her four girls, who range in ago
from 4 to 12 years. The mother was found
to be an unfit person to care for the little
ones. R. D. Maine, a bricklayer, is the
father of the children, and he has con
tributed large sums for the support of the
children.* but the woman- has seen fit to
spend the money for trivial things. . ;
¦ • • •_» * — ftrr 'mini— nrrftff- 1 ¦1frr*lffWfi'*Mfcna^i¥a!iikrTlfa^^Xis^»r^««^H
Secretary M. J. White and Officer Mc-
Murray, of the Society for the' Prevention
of Cruelty to Children paid a visit to the
apartments of Mrs. R. Maine, at iii Te-
Fonr Little Girls Neglected.
Enid Brandt, the wonderful child plan
1st, will give her first recital at Sherman!
Clay &"Co.'s Hall Thursday evertHi*.-: Her
programme will Include numbers by Mosz.
kowski./Schumann. Chopin. Schubert and
Mendelssohn, In addition to some of her
own compositions. She will also gi\'e tesu
In musical telegraphy and positive Ditch.
¦-¦ • .- ¦•• :-, : - v : :;;vV;
Enid Brandt's Recital.
_ The first- social* meeting of the year of
the Pacific . Coast Women's ;; Press Asso
ciation was held -last Monday at Century
Hall. ., The : attendance ; waa j large \ and ail
present enjoyed the following programme,
rendered • under " the ,; direction of .Mmo.
Guido Spitzy: Piano solo; Miss Edna-Fos
ter Allen; paper, "The Short Story," Mrs.
Women's Press Association Meets.
Florence Percy Mattheson: remarks on
the . short story. - Mrs. James N eall : "A
Desert Tragedy," by Mrs.-E.. A., Vore,
read by MrB. McComas: contralto solo;
t'To Her." Miss 8. Murphy: paper. "Some
Points on the Successful Short Story .7
Mrs. E. A. Marshall; paper. "Some Ele
ments^ of •Success," -Mrs. F. N. Miller;
whistling solo, wby Caryl the whistler;
Norwegian • story, ' written and read' by
Mrs. E. M. North; piano solo. Miss Marie
Georgian!.
J. B. Lubura, a waiter in the Saattlo
restaurant, on Mission street, has estab
lished the legal fact of a milk can being
a deadly weapon. Lubura is charged
with an assault with a deadly weapon be
cause he hit a cook in. the same restau
rant on the head with the. can. Lubura,
who hails from Italy, claims that Cook
Arthur#Conway has been poking fun at
him for some time. Yesterday, however,
the fun went too far and' there was a live
ly bout in the kitchen." after which Officer
P. McNamara took Lubura to the police
etaxion. . _ . . ,
Milk Can as a Deadly Weapon.
A notable recital was that given last
evening by Mrs, Oscar Mansfeldt, pianist,
at Sherman-Clay Hall. The programme,
exceptionally interesting from a- pianlstlc
standpoint. Included also a new . trio ] for
piano, violin, and 'cello, composed.by : a
youthful pupil of Hugo Mansfeldt, Albert
I. Elkus. Master Elkus numbers yet but
15 years and has certainly achieved a re
markable musical success with his- In
teresting trio. There are three movements.
Allegro. Andante and Allegro Vivace, and
the composition shows unmistakable
faculty. it was very well rendered by
Mrs. Oscar Mansfeldt, Samuel Savannah
and Louis Von der Mehden and was:en
thusiastically received by the audience.
Mrs. Manefeldt Included, in a worthy and
difficult programme of piano solos, the
Schumann Carnaval," finely given; a
charming Balnt-Saens "Mazurka;"- ¦ the
A flat "Walu," B minor "Scherzo," A
minor. "Etude. A flat "Prelude" and the
big A flat "Polonaise." all of Chopin. The
latter number, with Its transcendentally
difficult octave passages for the left hand,
was splendidly rendered.
The Mansfeldt Recital.
nic College, with the aid of the efficient
principal. A. A. Macurda. are rapidly
raising the standard of the work done in
that institution. Their purpose Is to put
it In the front rank of the technical
schools of the country. After the Christ
mas holidays a new class will be admit
ted, the course for that class extending
for three years and a half, while subse
quent classes will enter a four-year regu
lar course in place of the »*-»ree years
hitherto offered.
Another change In the schedule will be
one which allows great freedom of choice
1 In the third and fourth years, enabling
students to pursue np.'cial branches and
obtain greater proficiency !n them than
would be obtained by pursuing a regular
prescribed course. ¦ .
The department of wood carving will be
put in operation shortly after Christmas
under the charge of Mr. Kemp. A new
commercial class will be formed, limited
to fifteen members, as that department is
already well filled. All the Bhops have
undergone renovation and . improvement
with an addition of equipment. A new
kitchen has been fitted up for the domes
tic science students; a new physics labor
atory is under way; a photographic dark
room has been equipped, and plans are be
ing made for electrical work on a much
larger scale than has hitherto been car
ried on In any school of the city. - The
new circular will be out in two weeks.
The trustees of the Cogswell Polytech-
proves Facilities and Offers New
and Strengthens Old Courses.
Cogswell Polytechnic College Im-
RAISING STANDARD OF
TECHNICAL INSTRUCTION
BBTAIL CLEBKS ABE
•M-Atrraq PBOGBESS
Tfc.ey Will Give a Grand Entertain
ment and Ball la Aid of the
General Fund.
The Retail Clerks' Association held a
meet successful meeting last evening In
Red Men's Hall. Seventeen new mem
bers were Initiated, bringing the muster
roll up to over two hundred and fifty.
Prjrtrs' the evening members of the Fed
erated Ccmncil made short addresses, en
couraging the clerks to renewed efforts.
The chair appointed committees to visit
the different lai>or councils In this»clty
End to report to them of the formation of
Affair Given in Honor of Re-election
as President of Young Men's'
Institute.
Frank J. Kierce. who was recently re
elected supreme president of the Young
Men's Institute of this country, was ten
dered a complimentary banquet, by the.
members of Pioneer Council of San Fran
cisco at the California Hotel last evening.
Covers were laid for about 125. A num
ber of visiting grand officers were pres
ent.
President John J. McCarthy Introduced
E. R. Myrick as toastmaster and he called
upon the following: F. J. Kierce. who
responded to "The Supreme Council": J.
J. Mcl>ade, who spoke on the "Origin of
the Young Men's Institute": Judge A. F.
St. 8ure. "Our Order;" S. V. Costello,
"Patriotism;" Judge F. J. Murasky. "Our
Destiny;" Rev. E. Dempsey, "Federa
tion," and John T. Greany, "The Ladles."
The toasts were Interspersed with music
by F. W. Thompson, Joseph Pinkney.
Professor Stantlnl, Dennis Sherron and
Professor Martinez. The committee of ar
rangements was composed e>f J. J. Mc-
Carthy, E. R. Myrick, P. J. Hagan. P. C.
Kretz. Jere Looney and T. J. Btanton.
F. J. KIERC7E BANQUETED
AT THE CALIFORNIA HOTEL
the association and asking their co-opera
tion In the work of early closing.
The Retail Clerks' Association will hold
some time In November a grand enter
tainment and ball.
Last evening at the meeting eeveral
thousand quarter cards were distributed
among the clerks. The poster Is of a
very attractive design and Is to be placed
In conspicuous places. It calls the pub
lic's attention to the fact that the clerks
aro seeking to shorten the hours of their
labor and that by making purchases be
fore 6 o'clock the people will greatly assist
the movement.
These six speakers ha.ndled the question
from as many points of view, and placed
the situation before the audience In every
aspect.
£>r. H. H. Bell acted as temporary chair
man anfl called the meeting to order. J.
6. Webster was later appointed permanent
chairman. On the platform were also
seated twenty vice presidents, namely:
llayor James T>. Phelan. A- B. Forbes.
Irving M. Scott. Rev. W. W. Case. D.D.:
I. J. *nitnan, N. P. Cole, Rev. Dr. Adams.
A. A- Watklna, Rolla V. Watt, Rev. Dr.
Bcott, H. J. McCoy. Cyrus S. Wright.
Rev. F. I. 'Wheat. I. W. Hellman. Kra^ik
J. 6ymirse». R*t. I>r. Mackenzie, E. B.
Por.d, C W. Pike, C. E. Grunaky, G. N.
Fitch. • *
Besides those named H. A. risk. N. B.
Oreenefelder, Rev. J. S. Thomas. Rev. Dr.
Ma-thena. Rev. F. A. Doane and the Rev.
W. M- Woodward occupied seats on the
Etige.
The first speaker. J. X. Tocng. was In
troduced by Mr. Webster. He spoke in
part as follows: -
I t£lck It of the otmort Importance that
er«ry man, w«r.an and child In San Francisco
who can directly or indirectly control a vc-:e
An ¦unusually large and enthusiastic au
dience filled Odd Fellows' Hail last night
to register by its presence its protest
JL4rair.st the proposed crdlr.ar.ee to license
pool-selling In San Francisco. Great at
tention ua.« ra^d to the several speeches
of the various speakers, who comprised
rr.ar.y cf the city's best-kr.own bun'ness
men and divines. One of the moat fa «. tr
ebly received addresses of the evening
was that cf the Rev. "William Rader.
whoso forceful and eloquent periods
gained for him much applause. Speeches
were also made by J. X. Young, who
placed the question before the audience in
its legal aspect, C. A. Murdock, the Rev.
Dr. Clasipett. the Rev. J. A. B. Wilson
and J. M. Reynolds.
I am reminded of the itory of the frog who
having fallen Into a can of milk kicked so vig
orously in his efforts to escape that he churned
the contents of the can into butter and so
gained a footing and jumped to freedom. I
propose that we kick the mlU of public senti
ment until we have converted It Into good yel
low butter and we come out sitting tired but
triumphant on top.
This poolroom evil Is in the municipal blood.
We must cure It with the ballot. Let us once
and for all settle this question and oust from
our society the gambler and his poolroom.
This thing is a question of principle. Who is
to rule San Francisco T The respectable ele
ment, our merchants, our good citizens, or the
poolsellers, the saloon element?
How many times during the last year has my
bell rung for men and women who have been
cast out of thece hells, wrecks — mind ami
money gone. How many times for young men,
sons of lo% # ing mothers, who have prayed me to
send word to their parents of their dire ftraits.
The Chief of Police was recently summoned
before a court of law for enforcing a city stat
ute agalnet gaming. Shame on San Francisco
for such an action and all honor t? the Police
Department for the work It has done In sup
preselng this Iniquitous industry.
The ballot is crystallized pubtlc opinion. Tou
may hear a great deal about California's laxity
of principle and virtue Is Easternly supposed
to vanish with the crossing of the Rockies,
but it seems to me if we dig down deep enough
under our sand dunes we will strike Plymouth
Rock. We have a Etate conscience, a munici
pal conscience, a public conscience, which when
rou6ed speaks with a voice of thunder. But
next Tuesday we must do more than thunder.
IVe must act promptly" once and for ail and
crush this evil. £>very city has its municipal
troubles. Municipal troubles are the world's
troubles.
I arn reminded this evenlnr of a remark made
by Wendell Phillips In one of his orations, that
though the Alpe. high and mighty, were sym
bols of a great monarchy, the great ocean,
pure almost as ether, was the symbol of a
mighty democracy always active. And so to
night I want to. remind you that to be mighty
a democracy must be active.
between us and the 6th of November let as
rouse to a white heat public Indignation.
The Rev. William Rader epoke In part
as follows:
The Rev. J. A. B. Wilson spoke at
length on the evil which must come out
of the poolroom. He said:
I eubmlt that if ths privilege to carry on
hi* trade Is to be told to the tempter, why
not to the tempted, too? You would grant one
man the right to it and refuse it to th« other.
If we are to have an ordinance to permit pool
sellin* why not have an ordinance to leitaliie
the embezzlements and forgeries Its votaries
are led Into. Let us be active In the few days
that remain. In th« short interval that lies
"I sav as an embassador of God," de
clared the Rev. Dr. Clampett, "that
should this iniquitous ordinance pas3 his
curse will descend on the city. On the
6th of next November go to the polls and
crush this ordinance as you would an
adder."
If tiere be ever an occasion when ancels
rejoice and men are happy It is when
comet out of evil. We are here to-nleht,
tr.ar.y sect*, many iclnfli, but on this one point
we are as one ir.an. To protect the fair name
of our city. Are the people of San Francisco
to show to the world on the 6th of November
that they are wicked or blind T We are not
here to-nleht, however, to discuss that ques
tion, but to express our Indignation, and to
£rht for the moral security of our homes. It
Is not enough not to vote for this ordinance;
we must vj'-e against It. The section of the
ballot which refers to the ordinance Is In tho
extreme corner. Lock for it carefully, and let
the last thing tfcat you eight do be the first
thlruc that you do do.
should frcm now ontll rundown next tth of
Norrabw work to the extent of his or ber
power to defeat this nefarious proposition.
dur Supreme Court has pronounced aralnst
the toolrooms. Well may we all be proud of
a Sut>«rlor Court which brlngi our State into
th* front rank of civilization. Now I give these
g-er.t>men notice that their nefarious practices
caa never be carried on In this city, even
thoi^h a municipal ordinance be passed 11
eensizjr such a "thing. We would ' la such an
•v»nt be afcle to so to the Supreme Court, and
St would say to the municipality: "Tou can
not do this thin*."
C. A. Murdock was then Introduced and
spoke briefly and to the point. He said:
At Odd Fellows' Hall Immense Throngs Protest in Indignation
Against the Proposed Pro-Poolroom Ordinance.
NOTED DIVINES CALL ON VOTERS
TO EXTERMINATE GAMBLING EVIL
IT happens In the Legislature that the course of boodle will not always run smooth. Unexpected obstacles occur to
e«eve the grafter and up«et the calculations of the push. A word spoken In Jest may arouse suspicion, and divert
attention to some particular measure. Assemblyman Dibble In his long career at Sacramento has had his Joys and
Borrow*. One of his sorrows came from an incident in the history of Senate bill 87. . The unlucky number "thir
teen" figures In the proceeding, as the bill' was Introduced in the Senate on January 13, 1S91. Here Is the lnnocent
.ooking little measure as It went to the Assembly:
AN ACT RELATING TO THE PUNISHMENT OF FORTUNE TELLING.
Section 1. A new section is hereby added to Chapter Eight of Title Thirteen of Part One of the
Penal Code of the State of California, to be numbered Section five hundred and thirty-eight, to read as
follows: iC'iK ¦ ?~«'^
Section 538. Every person, -who, for a valuable consideration, or for a promise of re-wrard, undertakes
to predict for another the' future, or reveal the past, by means of cards, communications irom the dead, ex
amination of any part of the person dead or living, looking at the stars or heavens or representations there
of, planets or other bodies, heavenly or otherwise, or by any means not natural, or who priijts or causes to
be printed or exhibits any sign or symbol intended to induce others to have their fortunes told or the past
revealed, or th« future predicted, is guilty of a misdemeanor.
The bill was Introduced about the time that a company was organized for the purpose of installing in Saij Fran
clsco nlckel-in-the-slot machines with attachment or device for springing fortune-telling cards. When the representative
cf the machines saw this bill he came to the conclusion that the company which he represented would lose money If
the measure was not defeated. Before going to Sacramento he made Inquiry concerning members of the Legislature. He
was advised to see H. C. Dibble, Assemblyman of the Forty- first District. The agent accepted the advice, went to Sacra
mento and paid his respefcts to the representative of the Forty-first.
The etory of what took place thereafter, If true, tends to prove that bad luck attaches to the figure 13. When the
arent made known his business he wa* Invited by Mr. Dibble to a. seat In the 6eml-clrcular row of easy chairs In rear
cf the places reserved for members of the Assembly. When they ¦were comfortably seated the agent remarked that the
bill. If enacted Into law, would hurt his business, hence he expressed a desire that the Assembly should kill the bill or
amend It. The Assemblyman, listened attentively. When it came his turn to speak he asked how much the company was
prepared to pay for defeating the obnoxious bill. The suggestion of paying for the legislation astounded the agent, but
it did not cause him to lose his presence of mind. He replied to the Assemblyman of the Forty-first that he was not
prepared to pay any sum, and added that before he could enter into any engagement to pay money to defeat the bill he
must ccnsult with the company which he represented. In order to present the case clearly to the owners of the fortune
telling aachir.es he asked how much money would be required to extinguish the bill. The Assemblyman stated that
four or five hundred dollars would be necessary, but he assured the agent that he did not want the money for himself,
but for others, as he would make no charge for his own efforts to defeat the bill.
Tfce agent tock the) matter ur.der consideration end decided to go to San Francisco and submit the proposition to his
principals. It i> cot related whether he grot a "hunch" from some invisible source or simply surmised that it would b«
proper to tell his troubles to a-n attache of the Legislature that he happened to bump up against on his way cut of the
Capitol building to catch the train, but he spoke. The attache listened and then gave -a shout of surprise: "Did Dib
ble tell you to go ar.d dig up to kill that bill?" The attache then swore out assortments of merry oaths, exclaiming:
"The advertising fellows and newspaper managers were up here last week and killed the bill. It is burled out of
sight and beyond resurrection." The agent investigated and found at once that the attache was telling the straight
truth. No further steps were taken to raise a fvnd to be disbursed by the Assemblyman of the Forty-first.
This story tends to strengthen the popular suspicion that there is something unlucky for somebody in the number
thirteen. It also serves to show that the course of boodle does not always run smooth. In this case an Intrusive and Im
pudent attache neglects his business to interfere with the affairs of a member Just as a shaking down event Is about to
occur.
There ought to be a debating society in the Forty-first Assembly District these long winter evenings for the dlscus
eion cf questions like this: "Is It not more commendable In our representative in the Legislature to take money to kill a
dead bill than to accept a fee to promote the passage of a live one?"
Incidentally, the bright, intelligent young men of the district could In the debate compare the merits of the fortune
telling rseasure with the oil pipe line blU.
Why the Agent for a Fortune-Telling Device Did Not Cross the
Peflm of an Apparently Willing Assembiyman.
DIBBLE SAW HIS CHANCE TO KILL
A "GONER" BILL, BUT DID NOT FILL
FOR PROSPERITY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 31, 1900.
9
GBAPE-MTTTS.
• In a Hurry? g
• Stir Some • ©
I Grape=Nuts|
% In some Milk or Cream %
S and a delicious J
• is ready. •
• So cooking required. •
READY COOKED FOOD.
— ' * *
A Great Convenience for House-
it 1< a knoyn fact that many people
fail to property digest the Btarchy part
rt hrr&A ar.d other food. Grap^-Nuts (a
0<b!!ghtful breakfast food) are made of
the firrape-su^ar »-hlch results from pre-
paring the starchy parts of th- cereals.
Jr. the »ajne way artlfllcaily as the body
» . fhouM do by natural processor. There-
Wtore Grape-Nuts furnish food all ready for
assimilation Into blood and tis-
sue. Thev are made by the Postum Co.,
*u BatUe Creek. Mich., and are ready pre-
rared, require no cooking whatever and
; ¦ .! be found most valuable by Athlete,
liraln-workftr or Invalid.
- - • ~> ADVERTISEMENTS.
' ¦••¦¦<¦-¦' - * ¦¦ ¦ ¦ •''"'¦ ' • '
I if m rdtil 1 1 HP 1 fwt i YTYuTtoBrR SwTTTl^mi^^l^^Sil
¦ nra Kf e&sa B M B M m^rA E B MBa m a B a w m v KsSkv i B Em B B B B •sPWsBPS3^^wB™SB6S^!S3l
Sm 1 I aj^^^ "~N^ I / s \ I ili I WYvGolIf i "* Sis N
1 OtlGrStlOnS Avoided Earnest Words of Gratitude. 1
t3 . ¦ i^—^ — »¦— 1 1 •• Deab 'Mjbs. y i n ktta w ?— »A~r v fj>y xny child Pi
SI rian or womb trouble that an operation is necessary, it of jffi^^^i^lsSaPjJ'i^ and cou g est *d ovaries, i had suffered from «1
O » . ,. •• . . suppressed and painful menstruation from % » i l
M The very thought of the operating table and the knife wiilsEsirl-^. jk ave *° b® removed. I took treatment tv*o E
M ¦, ., , , , , ._ -^^tf? 1 years to escape an operation, but still re- jy
q And our hospitals are full of women who are there for ilS^' expecting to part with mj reason with h
p . - ~ ,. wflPyx *4?/ each coming" month. After using one bottle n
PI Tt id nnitfi triiA tVmr. trif>c.p trnnhloa mnv rpnrri o efnero r^BBSSfcdfaR^^m.^^ trouble in my head. I continued to use your !3
¥a Xu lo tjultc lii UtJ Ciictli tlluoO tlUUUlcS lllaj XcduXI a blctS^O L^nBLv£<A^^&&f c\' t'l A ti, If' v, m
0 where an Operation is the Only resource, but SUCh Cases are have been passed in perfect pood health. This A
1 much rarer than is generally supposed, because a great ; Mfls^rMKNAPP table* Compound "^me^* P F* k Sf "knapp" 1
1 many women have been cured by Mrs. Pinkham's med- ' ' !i 1528 KinnickinnioAve., Milwaukee, wb. ' |
pi icine after the doctors had said the operation must be ••n» m "PrvicTT «-Iy v t~w r , - -. n
H performed. . enred me of the worst form of womb trouble, and made me a strone, P
M T lT ,Hn T? *Pln1r1iiiTn 9 a V*»«rof n"hl« rnmnnrnri Viaq I. .1 healthy, robust woman. Before using 1 Lydia w
H ... B^yfct. c. Hlnknam s vegetaolo Compound, I snfEsred, H
r| been Very successful in Curing ovarian troubles. In fact, S^Hnt* v<dth severe pains in back and side, headache a
a UD to th9 DOint whore the knife must be Used to secure am * nervousne53 - Menses would sometimes B
Bfl . ¦ . . ... . m)^f3?» fty^ occur every two weeks, and once I had & se- n
H instant relief, this medicine is certain to help. • jSp^^^nE?vi)' vere nemori "i ia ? e vrhich lasted a month. I Tvas ff
Ovarian trouble 3 are easily developed from womb ffi ~sl& SStSd meT^tdtaire t?^Xgofn^: 1
troubles, and womb troubles are so very common that «i^$- w^fa ation»«»soon as I was strong enough. I read q
ovaritis is steadily on the increase among women. It is, \L* W %
nevertheless, a most SerioUS trouble, and tO recommend \ *^^\ Jj0 after having been told by their doctors that an p
• j i »• •! • • » •«_•!- At- i. \^ "^ sW operation was necessary, and 1 made tip my tj
wrong treatment for It IS a Crime for Wnicn there Cannot flfef^"^! mind then and there to commence taking- your p
be tOO deep a penalty. Compound. I did so and it has completely re- M
tj. • A. g »ii. £ 11 • a l\- - UgraKggfe^^aregJg stored me to good health. I have gained twenty- a
It 19, tnereiore, With full COnSClOUSneSS Of the SeriOUS- yf^gj^r^Si^ tw ? pounds since taking it and my flesh is as ?|
ness of the disease and the steady failure of other medicine j m rv annie ha r mv solid as a rock. My triends remark about the a
.. ,. . . m - ' i Tit-i ¦ ¦ " M *"*l change in me. I am a living advertisement of ¦
to cure it, that we present for ovarian and womb trouble what Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound can do, and have in- H
T, 17*11 a. "R P»inlrliJiTT»»a VoirAtihiA fntrinniind ao tliA fluenced many of my friends to try it, which has proved very gratify- s]
Iijyttia js. finKuam s vegetaoie tompouna as me ing lts res^ lt& f thank yon for restoring me u> health."--ANNiE q
most certain to help of any medicine in the world to-day. hartley, 221 w,. Congress St., Chicago, iil n
Any person who could read the letters in Mrs. Pinkham's „ „ T7~T7 7._ „. • H
«. J r . , <« .' T •»«¦ ,j » • -, M \' Deab Mbs. Pctkham: — I feel It my duty to publish the woffderful d
files at her omce in Lynn, Mass., would be convinced Of help Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound has been to me. I was JJ
the ef&ciency Of Mrs. Pinkham's Compound. like a cra ?y person— conld not eat or sleep; there was no rest for me fj
__ --.•--; , , , . *•¦ , ... day or night. Physicians examined me and said an operation was m
I he Strongest and mOSt grateini Statements possible necessary. Before undergoing it, however, I determined to try Lydia S
tO make COme from Women Who have escaped the Operat- E - -^ham's Compound. I am so glad I dld% for it cured me. I am a §
, . . v 1 well woman now and can do any kind of work. I want this published 53
ing table by the USe Of ' this medicine. Let any woman throughout the land, so that all my suffering sisters may read, and if in 4
suffering from these troubles, or anything which may de- I, l| 1
VelOD into them, Write and get Mrs. Pinkham's advice. If v*^^^^K wonderful Vegetable Compound and be cured." U
you are beyond tho reach of the medicine, you will be SJ£fa££Xl££ ££3£H>. 1
frankly told so, but, if not, you will be fully and carefully |f sg&L — 3
and kindlv advised - :."l\-.^Hf;ii^^ a>^- i^/^^ " Dear Mes. PnranAM :— I wish to send vcra n
mu • * „, , . - „ -ISr^ » my testimonial stating the grand effect Lydia E. 9
The most serious 01 all the diseases of women, as well T^^ "» Pinkham's Vegetable Compound has had on my M
as the'minor ills, are promptiy overcome by ,. . \%.- J& Silf^pSSS^ I
¦ > — -' ; ¦¦'» -V '. _ 1 V "*" I operation would be necessary. Your medicine *\
B mm+BSmk BUT m* I O£fe£LJ having been recommended to me, I decided to Vj
LVMra Inl W^BMrnKmaemmMM S muJS^^^^H tryit - Alter usin £ several bottles I found that fj
"^ t|vfl^Hy^a^Kt«l Ivi-ascured. My system was toned cp and I snf- |j
ma jr_ m _ m WZ*fS&n**mEna fered no more with my ovaries. Your medicine is U
vegets&niG uompountSa \\™sj*u*£™£\ 3
$*mm DT\A/A D OwIn ? '*• th0 P^t^l^ 06 , 1^ 001 P 60 ? 10 »»?• from time to time questioned |
m _ W m^% Bf K t_ ill/ §A. r% I J tb9 genuineness of the testimonial letters we are constantlv publi^hln?. we have H
0^^ ¦ ¦ B IK ¦ ¦¦ "" *"^»«l |^ deposited with the National City Bank, of Lvnn. Maaa.. ?5,CW, which will be peS V
B>^ 9 m.''-!M---m- / "^-«. 'M *o any person who can show that tha above testimonials are not genuine, or were pubLuhad befora obtaioins thU '^
writers' special permission.— Ltdia E. PixanAii llzoicxxs Co., Lynn, Mass. u «
_ - \, .' —I-' ' '^^ ¦-—.., ... |t - : , -\ . -__;_____ __L^_______ • f S3teresting. New York's lack of support-dis
couraslna; all speculation. Money was very
firm. • .
CLOSING. •
Atchlson. 33; Canadian' Pacific, 89%; Union
Paciflqf preferred. 78: Northern Pacific, 95;
Grand Trunk. 694; Anaconda, 9%. Bar silver,
quiet, 29 l-16d per ounce. Money, 2 per cent.
Ne-cu York Money Market. '
NEW^ TORK. Oct. 30.— Money on call firm
at 3H®4 per cent; last loan. 3%.' Prime mer
cantile paper, 6(jr6 per cent. Sterling exchange
firm, with actual business in bankers' bills at
$4 S3T464 84 for demand and $4 fiO%@4 M)% for
sixty days; posted rates. $4 81@4 81% and $4 84Vi
64 85; commercial bills, f4 79H0* 80. Silver
certificates, 64^i©65c. Bar silver. 64c. Mexican
dollars, SOftc. Government bonds, steady; State,
inactive; railroad bonds. Irregular.
Condition of the Treasury.
"WASHINGTON, Oct. SO.— To-day's treasury
balances in the general fund, exclusive of the
$150,000,000 gold reserve in the division of re
demption. Ehows: Available cash balance,
$136,355,364; srold. S90.497.121.
Chicago Grain Market.
LOCAL MARKETS.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Foreign Futures.
SHEEP— Receipts, : 16,000; . sheep and - lambs,
steady., to shade lower, active; food to choice
LIVERPOOIj. •
Wheat— Dec. Feb.
Opening SU'i 6%
Closin, ............ .- =: --^ 6*
Wheat— - ' Oet. Jan.-Aprll.
Opening 19 70 21 05
Closing 19 60 21 00
Flour — • .
Opening' 25 40 27 10
Closing 25 35 26 95 -
• - 'Available Grain Supply". -
NEW YORK, Oct. 30.— Special cable and tel
egraphic communications to Bradstreet's shows
the following :- changes . In the ; available sup
plies from last 'account:'.'.
Wheat. United t States . and Canada, east of
the Rockies, - Increase, 2,197,000 bushels; afloat
for and In Europe, decrease, 400,000 bushels;
total supply, Increase, 1.797,000 bushels.
Corn. United States and Canada, ' east ' of the
Rockies, decrease.. 203,000 bushels. ..- - . 1 •/-¦
Oats, United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, Increase, 636,000 bushels. - \ •
- The combined stock of wheat at Portland,
Or., Tacoma and ' Seattle decreased 109,000
bushels laat-week. * ; ¦ ;
• Chicago Livestock Market.
i CHICAGO, Oct. 80— CATTLE— Receipts, 4000,
including 1000 ' "Westerns and ¦ 800 ", Texans. •¦ Gen
1 erallv steady. Good; to prime (steers, $5 60®6;
poor to medium. • $4 40®5 40; ' selected feeders,
$3 8&@4 50; mixed stockers, $2 75^3 75; cows.
$2 66©4 10; heifers,' $2 60®4 65; canners. - Si 50(9
2 60; bulls, $2 60®4 50; Texas fed steers, S4®4 85;
grass steers, $3 2504 10; ' bulls, > $2 50@3 25. -; -,-,
- HOGS— Receipts to-day, ;* 29,000; to-morrow,
33,000; estimated left over, 3500; 2'^c to 5c lower,
top $4 S5: mixed and butchers', $4 45^.4 85; good
to choice, heavy. S4 65^4 SO; rough, heavy, $4 40
@4 60; light, .$4 35@4 80; bulk of sales, $4 60@
470.T ¦ :- ;¦--¦ .¦¦-.¦¦'¦: ;. .,, ¦ •.,-. ¦;..-;-.
Previous quotations ruled on the morning ses
sion of the Bond Exchange and trading was
light.
The oil stocks continued freely dealt in. and
at firm cuotatlons as a rule.
The Alaska Mexican mine paid a quarterly
dividend of 10c per share, or $13,000 on Oc
tober 29. making $72,000 for the year, the same
as ' in 1890. •
The last monthly report of the Alaska Tread
well mine on Douglas Island, Alaska shows
that from a run of 300 stamps for twenty-nln»
and a half days 3S.491 tons rocks -/cere crushed"
yielding $51,660. and 661 tons sulnhurets were
secured, valued at $19,197. The bullion product
for the month i was $76,006. showing that the
ore averaged $1 97 per ton. The expenses for
the month. In round numbers, were $31 OCQ. The
company paid the usual quarterly dividend of
374 cents per share on the 29th. the same air.
grregatlng $75,000. This makes $300,000 for the
year, vihlch was also the amount paid in 1899°
•STOCK AND BOND -. EXCHANGE.
. TUESDAY, Oct. 30-2:30 p. m.
UNITED STATKS BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I - ¦ »,., .-v
4s quar coup...H5«41l« is do cp (new) Sum
* <o «* mws | te do cou3_'.^. 4 nL
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS
Bay Co P Co..l02* — Oak Water Ea 103U10K
Cal-st Cab 5S..118* - Oceanic SS 5s 109 w f?
C C Water 5S..107H — Om C Ry L m •
Ed IL & o V 63.130» 4 131tt. P, c S lanl,aM Z
F A Cl Ry «s.. - - p & CT Ry fa! mm*
L^int c d°«. 8 ::= Ig5fa te -^ M<
Maik^t^:^^. D^S?riiV B)-^ 109 ' 4
8S^^ :~^ I " tt^°»S:SP'-- ¦
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Elizabeth and J. Ladd Flnnlcan to Lena Fa j
ser. lot on C line of Laguna. street. 1SS 8 of
Golden Gat* avenue. S 22:4 by E 112; HO.
David H. and Nellie L. Moor* to Katharin?
A. Rivers, lot on W lino of Castro street. 101:8
S of Tw*nty-eighth. S43 by W 105; $10.
Bank of California to Joseph and Jacob Har
ris. Kit on W Una of Powell street. (3:t S of
Chestnut. S 60 by W 100; CO. v •
Henry Antcny to Carrie Antony (wife), half,
and Laura. Fred. Henry Jr. and Carrt* An
tony (daughter), half, lot on 8 line of North
Point street, 115 W of Hyde. W 82 by 8 137:«:
also lot on E lino of Edinburgh street. 150 S
of Italy. S 23 by E 100, block 42. Excelsior
Homestead; gift.
Marietta Shattuck to P. M. Morrison, lot on
SW line of Steuart street. 133:4 SB of Mission.
SE 45:10 by" SW 137 :«: $1CO.
James S. and Catherine T. Bunnell to Michael
Harrington, lot on E line of Fifteenth avenue.
250 N of Clement street. N 25 by E 127 :«; $10:
S. W. Horton to Marie Horton. lot on N lln»
of C street. 102:8 W of Fourteenth. W 60 by N
124; $10.
John Jr. and Mary Dunmore to Herman A.
Hasan, lots 704. 706. 70S. 713 and 713. Gift Ma?
2: $10. ..
Mary A. and Grace A. McGulre to Southern
Pacific Company, lot on NE line of Sixteenth
avenue. 50 NW of P street. NW 75 by NE 82:4,
block 305. O*N. & H. Tract; $10.
Alameda County.
L. C. and Miriam Morehouse to Ernst Ver
wiebe. lots 91 and 92. Map of Elmhorst Square.
Brooklyn X°wnshlr>; $10.
Eleanor S. Deertng (widow). Chertrr an4
ElL-v M. Deerinsr (his wife), all by Frank H.
Brooks (attorney) to- Ernest L. Blackman. lot
on NW corner of Patterson avenue and county
road>,from Oakland to San Leandro. NE UO by
SE 100. Brooklyn Township; $10.
Eva K. Hendrtckson to Samuel jLevy. lot on
S corner of Nutley avenue and Orion street.
SW 64 by SE 115, lots 45 and 4i on map of
subdivided lots 5*. 57. 63 and M. Klngsland
Tract. Brooklyn Township; HO. ,
Matthew Foltx to Louisa M^Folta lot MWI
line of St. Charlesi street. 175 3 of Railroad,
avenue. S 50 by W» 173:2. lot 50. map Of En
cinal Park. Alameda; rffk, .,,. «—. « i~»
George- K Holloway to Elizabeth Brown. lot
en sTne of Tompkin, street 4O7:1H W of
rvaHnoii* R I3i W 57:4^i. " 135.4. B 47:1^* to
banning, portton oi r lot 4 block 7 on map of
tlniverslty Homestead Association No. 3.
subject to deed of tru.t for $1000. Berkeley: $10.
GK and B M. Holloway to Julia Maden.
lot 'on " S line 'of Tompkins street. 3«0 W of
DwlMllf SIS by W 47:1*. portion lot 4. block
7 oi? man of State fnlverslty Homestead As*o
cUt?o™ deed of trust for $100* Berkeley; $10
William Armstrong to Mary A. Armstrong.
lot on E line of Grant street. 400 N of Bancroft
°AtSSS: nnfHirry Anderson to Lena
Bercesen lot 43 on map ot Forest Park Tract,
suhfect to a mortgage- for $700; $10.
L. W Ftorsting to Mary C. Fleming, lot on B
line* of "pearl street. 23S S of Central avenue as
It existed before widening;. S 2. thence at right
angles 149. N J. W M0 to beginning. Alameda:
*^iargar«t M. and Ella L. Bullock t» WIIIiaRi
J Tobin. all Interest In lot on W line of Fil
bert street. 25 S of West Eighth. S 25 by W
100 portion of lots 9 and 10. block K. Market
• Vet Tract. Oakland: $2300.
John F. and Anna Commlns to Antonio Ca
bral lot on N line of. East Nineteenth street.
100 E of Twentieth avenue. . E 25 by N 140. lot
E block 49, San Antonio. East Oakland: $10.
'«am« to Jaclntho and Emma Cahral. lot on N
line of 'East Nineteenth street. 125 E of Twen
tieth avenue. E 25 by N 140. lot 6, block 43. San
Antonio. East Oakland; $10.
Bolton Company (coropratlon) to O. A. Wan
ger. lot on NW/yne of Hopkins street. 3M:S NE
from point formed by the intersection of Hop
kins street with E line of Alblna avenue,
thence NE 100. NW 180. SW 100. SB ISO to be
ginning, lot 10. map of Peralta Park. Berke
ley; $10. . . •
Sarah Bolton. Alice Bolton and Davy Flor
ence and Arthur L. Bolton to same, all inter
est In same, quitclaim deed; $10.
Walter A. Bolton to same, all Interest in
same; tl.
Christina G. Gunn (guardian of estate of
Robertlna, H. B. Gunn. mlnor> to Paris Kll
burn. lot on S line of Cedar - street. 455 B of
Euclid avenue. S 124.28. E 150 to> W line of
Lookout place, thence N to Its Intersection with
S line of Cedar street. - thence S.to beginning,
being the E 20 feet of lot 13. all of tot 20. sub
divisions 1 and 2 of lot 21. subdivision 3 of lot
22. all being in block 15. man ot Daley's Scenla
Park. Berkeley: $1350. .
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Sola. Stock— Bid
4.CS5 Atchison 22V»
'¦¦,•',27 Atchlson prefd 73't
13.210 Baltimore & Ohio 74U
Candlan Pacific sou
470 Canada Southern- ; C3
4.000 Chfsapcake &. Ohio... 30U
mo Chicago Great Western 111,4
t,Xf) Chicwro. Burlington & Qulncy 127H
300 Chicago. Ind & Louisville 21
Chicago, Ind & Louisville prefd...... u '
Chicago & Eastern Illinois S3H
Chicago & Northwestern ....lfiO
l.:<co ' hi' hjto. JTtock Island A. Pacific lftstj
C C C & St 1-iouts G2ii
425 Colorado Southern 64
140 Co!ora69 Southern 1st preJd. ...„...,. SSVi
This late action had a sympathetic move
ment on the whole market and pulled some of
the railroad stocks above last night's level.
There was sotne strength* among the leading
industrials and specialties^ led by sugar, Th»>
Iron and steel. Flocks were Inclined to advance
after some early heaviness In sympathy with
a loss of 14 In tlnplate. Plttsburg. C. C. and
J?t. Louis fell n«arly eight points on light sell
ing and National Lead preferred lost SH,. «•
The money market was easier on a relaxa
tion In the demand rather than In any addi
tional supply. The heavy collections by the
rubtreasury on account of Internal revenue sre
offset by payments on account of Alaskan gold
and by the expectation of further receipts of
sold imports from Europe. There have been
no transfers of currency to the interior through
the subtrpasury eince last Friday. The foreign
money markets begin to reflect the determined
efforts of the Bank. of England to Influence
the unfavorable exchange against London and
sterling exchange here hardened a shade from
the Fame rauee.
The tendency of bonds was rather «*sy, but
points of strength developed in the market as
the day progressed. The total sales were
S1.210.000. United States bonds were unchanged
on the last call.
NEW TOPJC. Oct. SO.— There were only on<s
or two movements of a"ny interest on the Stock
Exchange to-day. The market fell into a rtate
of rerai-Ktagnatlon at times and . moved slug
gishly and Irregularly with no other motive
power than the operations of the professionals
who sought to tr-ake a day's trade. There was
a very marked lack of the orders through com
mission houses, which were a feature last
week. The apathetic aspect of the market wns
not explained by any news of the day. It was
the outcome largely of the conservative spirit
of caution, which is not umTsual in the clos
ing davs of a national campaign. There is
some uneasiness lest the speculation on the
j.art of the outside public has over-discounted
the conditions existed to develop after the elec
tion is out of the way. There has been some
disposition on the part of the commission brok
en? Ao call for an extension of margins. The
risk Incident to the particular period is alleged
&£ the ground, but It is thought not Improbable
that enforcement of conservative views on
speculation may be an ulterior motive of the
C'immiEsitn houses. This morning's market
ehowed some remaining effect from th« rally
ing tendency of yesterday. But the buying ex
hibited itself soon after the opening and prices
drifted to a inm r level. The. poor showing of
net •earnings toe September by Northern Pacific
caused the wrUon in that stock from yester
day's strength on the market of isom« very
large blocks. Late in the day Southern Pacific,
alter holding firmly all through the early deal
ings, ehot up 2H on concentrated and very
heavy buying. The stock was bought early for
the London account, seemingly on satisfaction
over the choice of the new executive. An al
moct endless stream of stock was poured out
when the price reached 38, but all offerings
were confidently absorbed. and the price finally
rose through that figure, but the buying was
New York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Bran is off again,' as receipts from the north
are In excess 'of market demands. There is no
change In Hay, volunteer being weak and grain
descriptions . steady: :¦.-. "
BRAN— $15@15 60 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $16 60@19 60 oer ton.
¦¦1 FEEDSTUFF'S— Rolled v Barley, f. $15 50@l« 50
per I ton ; : Oilcake ' Meal ' at ¦ the mill. . $25926; -job
bing, $26 50; Cocoanut Cake, "$17@18; Corn Meal,
$26^27; Cracked Corn, $26 5(Xg'27 60; : Mixed Feed,
115(316. , .¦- . ¦ ., : r- :¦¦. v .¦ ' •^V.-A.x*
rHAY— Volunteer, ' *5<S«; ** .wheat, |11@13 60;
Hay and Feedstuff s.
FLOUR- California Family , Extras. S3 60®
3 75, usual terms; "Bakers', Extras, $3 40@3 50;
Oregon and .Washington, $2 75^3 10 ; per bbl r for
family and $3 15@3 50 for bakers' ; Eastern,
$4 75©5 75 per bbl. '
=-: MILLSTUFFS— Prices " In > aacks ; are aa" fol
lows, usual .; discount "; to '< the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs :? Rye Flour. $2 76 ; : Ry«
Meal, ; $2 60; Rice Flour.. $7; « Corn Meal, . $2 75;
extra cream do, $3 50; Oat Groats. ' $4 60: Hom
iny. »3 B0#3 75; • Buckwheat Flour, J4®4 25;
Cracked Wheat. • $3 60; "Farina, v U 60; Whole
Wheat Flour, :• $3 25; ¦: Rolled Oats > (barrels), . $6@
7 25; in •sacks, $5 7507; Pearl Barley, $5;Spllt
Peas, $5; Green Peas. $5 60 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
CALL BOARD SALES.;
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS— Are quieter, but no lower. Tho feel
ing continues as firm as ever.; ¦*¦'"
'¦• White, «. $1 35@1 60; Surprise. $1 45@1 65; :Red,
$1 15fl 25 for feed and $1 25@1 40 for seed; Gray,
$1 2o@l 35: Black, for feed, *1 12&@1 20; for seed.
$1 22'/4@l 32H per. ctl. .
• CORN- Offerings continue light and the mar
ket is quiet. No changes In . quotations. East
ern yellow. $1 20@l 22ft; white, $1 22H@1 23%;
Eastern mixed, $120@l 21%. per ctl.
RYB— Quiet and unchanged at 90c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at SI 75©2 per ctl.
WHEAT FREIGHTS-Spot, charters are few
and far between, and rates. are nominal on the
basis of 4la 3d for desirable carriers, usual
options. The chartered wheat fleet in port has
a register of 45,400, against 59,460 tons on' the
same date last year; disengaged, 10,800 tons,
against 2121; on the way to this . port, 134,150
tons, against 131,275.
. WHEAT— Paris and New York were lower.
Liverpool showed little change.
Chicago opened firmer, .with indications of an
advance, chiefly owing , to unfavorable news
from the Argentine, the first cables estimating
a shortage of 40 per cent, as compared with
last year. Later cables, : however, gave the
damage as slight, and the - market weakened
off. Chicago sold heavily, and the crowd was
so bearish that bull news had little effect. The
weather was wet.
In this market futures advanced, but the spot
market was unchanged.
Spot Wheat-Shipping. 95c; Milling, 97V4@$1
per ctl. • - •
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— May— 4000 ctls,
U03%. December— 16,000. 97^4.-
Second Session— May— 4000 ctls, $104*4; 20.000,
$1 O4V4.
¦ Regular Morning Session— May— 6000 ctls,
$1 04H : 4000, $1 04% ;• 12,000, $1 04% ; 6000, $1 04% ;
6000, $105; 6000, $1 05V4. December— 6000, 93c;
2000, 98V4c. . .
Afternoon Session— May— 18.000 ctls, $105H:
20,000, $105^4. December— 6000, 98Hc; 22,000.
98%c; 4000, 98Vic , ¦• ¦
BARLEY— Stagnation still characterizes the
market and the feeling is far from steady,
though there is no decline. The shippers are
well . supplied, and , the local brewers are doing
very little buying. - . ¦ " - -¦¦-.'
Feed. 72Uc for choice bright, 70c for No. 1 and
62 1 /4@67 1 ,4c for off grades; Brewing and Ship
ping grades, 75(ff 80c:: Chevalier, nominal.: •
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, 60. days — |4 EU4
Sterling Exchange, sight — \ 4 S3*i
Sterling Cables — 4 85
New York Exchange, sight — 6
New Y&rk Exchange, telegraphic — 7&
Fine Silver, per ounce...; — 64
Mexican Dollars, nominal 50»4 @ 61
Exchange and Bullion.
CHICAOD. Oct. SO.— Wheat started easy, De
cember U&Uc to He lower at 73v;o to 73c. be
cause Liverpool showed only. a disappointing
response to the lc advance here yesterday. This
attitude on the part of the Britons aroused ap
prehension, together with the receipt of In
formation authentically contradicting the Ar
gentine news which influenced the local market
yesterday. On the other hand there was wet
weather and an official crop estimate, making
the Russlon Mxwpects for a wheat crop 4S.000,
000 bushels less than last year. This news
was of sufficient weight to cause a ready de
mand for the offerings at the opening and r>e
cember rallied sharply to 73V4@73%c On profit
taking a decline to 73Hc followed this bulge,
but later confirmatory reports, one of them
credited to Broomhall, were received and an
other rally took place, December climbing to
73 r *c. at which the market closed H@Uc over
yesterday.
Corn was dull but firm. December closed un
changed at 34*ic Local selling was against
the price in oats, although the news was bull
ish. Trade was dull and light. December
closed a shade down at 21%c
Provisions were helped by a good cash de
mand and although the market opened easier
on liberal hog receipts an advance followed.
January pork closed 10c over yesterday and
lard and ribs each 2V4c higher.
The-leading futures ranged as follows:
Cash quotations were- as • follows: Flour,
quiet, unchanged; No. 3 spring wheat, 661? 73c,
No. 2 red, 75V4c;No. 2 corn, 37»i037}*c; .No. 2
yellow, 37%c; No. 2 oats, 22c; No. 2 white,
25'4@26c; No. 3 white 23V4@2S%c; good feeding
barley, 37c; fair to choice malting barley, 47<ij>
66c; No. 1 flaxseed. Jl 73%@1 73%; No. 1 North
western. $1 74@1 74>4: prime timothy seed, }4 25
<g4 20; mess pork, per barrel. $11 50; lard, per
100 pounds. 17 1007 12%: short ribs sides (loose/,
{6 TOfjO 90; dry salted shoulders (boxed), G/iCUc;
short clear sides (boxed), $6 75@6 85; clover,
contract grade, I1OJI10 25. .
Or. the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
"market was quiet: creameries. 15©22c; dairies.
13@18c Cheese, dull; 10@llV4c Eggs, steady.
Nevada— Showers Wednesday; brick southerly
wind.
Utah— Partly cloudy: warmer Wednesday.
Arizona — Fair; warmer Wednesday.
San Francisco ' and vicinity — Probably show
ers Wednesday; light southwest wind.
G. H. W1LLSON. Local Forecast Official.
Northern California— Cloudy, probably with
showers, except in the extreme southern por
tion Wednesday; light variable winds.
Southern California— Fair Wednesday; light
Conditions are favorable fcr ihowers over
the greate/ portion of Northern California to
night and Wednesday.
Forecast made at Pan F*rasc1sco for thirty
hours ending midnight October 31:
The pressure has fallen over the northwestern
portion of the Pacific Slope and risen over the
•icuthern.
The temperature changes have been slight in
all districts.
The etorra noted off the Washington coast
thsF morning has moved rapidly eastward and
* nnw overlies British Columbia. Cloudy and
threatening weather prevails from Central Cal
ifornia and Nevada northward. Light rain has
fallen from Car>e M»n<Jocino northward along
the coast and the Urper Sacramento Valley
northward in the Interior.
C20tJi Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAX FEAXCISCO. Oct. SO— 8 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures ¦were
repcrt"d frcci stations In California to-day:
Rureka WjLos Angeles 74
Fresno fc* Sacramento 60
Independence :A Pan Luis Oblspo 70
Itr-d Bluff t4,Ean Diego 70
Jit. Tarcalpais 5ll
Fan Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
Ef; minimum. 4S; mean. {&.
WKATHt-^l COXT>IT1ONS AKX> GEXEKAL
Weather Report.
"Tbe raisin and dried fruit season Is practi
csJly closed, most o£ the crop being cured and
ur.dpr Shelter. The 6eccn4 cr?p of grapes is
going to tne Criers and the wineries. Olives
are ripe and are being gathered: there Is a
gnod yield In all sections. Walnut picking
continues. Oranges have ripened in many lo
caifl'es; the first carload was shipped East
from Porterville on the 2Gth, and the fruit
«&e report/a excellent in size and flavor. An
cnuruaJly heavy crop cf citrus fruits is ex
pected In all sections."
The report of A. O. McAfiie. M«tloQ director
of the climate acd crop 6ervtee of the Weather
Bureau, for the ¦week Is as follows:
"The weather has continued warm and pleas
ant during most of the week, with cool nights
and Fome cloudiness. Light rain fell In nearly
all sections north of the Tehmchapl Saturday
nlgtt and Sunday, ar.d waa beneficial to early
sown grain and pasturage. Frosts have oc
curred In many localities during the week, but
were too light to cause damage except to ten
der vegetation in exposed places.
"In all sections where the precipitation has
b»-rn sufficient to render cultivation practicable
and profitable the work of plowing and seeding
progressed rapidly, farmers taking advantage
of the iavoraile conditions to prepare for an
unusually large acreage of grain. Sl|puld these
Tavorabie conditions continue. It Is probable
lhat the acreage sown to wheat, barley and
cats will be greatly in excess of last season's.
Karly sown grain is up and looking vigorous
in many places. Green feed is making splen
did growth in the central and northern por
tions, and pasturage is abundant in all sections,
lia'.n is needed in the southern districts, and
would be beneficial in all parts of the State,
rotatoes and apples are being gathered, and
good crops are general, especially In the north-
Weekly Crop Bulletin.
NEW TORK. Oct. 3O.-The Commercial Ad
vertieer'B London financial -cablegram says-
The markets here, were exceedingly quiet and
dull to-day. Influenced by the tightening money
market. . The American department wa« unla-
London Market.
277.500 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS .'
U t? 2s " r * f res 1MHIN Y C lsts 108%
tt D <? .^P 011 104% N J C gen 6s mij
U _S 3s reg.. !09H N Pacific 3s... 66%
Do 3s coupon.. ..110% Do 4s 1031*
Do new 4s reg...l34Vi KYC4SIL 4S..1M&
Do new 4s coup..l25W N & W con 4s.... . 97»4
Do old 4s reg... .1151,; O r NaV lsts 109
Do old 4s coup.. .115% Do 4s 10314
°o 6' ™? 112% Or Short Line es.'lm^
Do 6s coupon 114 Do con 6s 114
n d1^ i^'F : %
c^^ s 2dsv:.v.:i^ II I %V$ SS gSl
Chl & N con 7s....n9% Do ? s .7. tat "-iU^
Do S F deb 6s... .120 S Pacific Y*....'.'.'.'.". 81
? \ CAK a T a rm <s — 91 fi Railway 6s... 110%
Colorado So 4s 82 Stand R A T k. tm
I'S-SV'cUi-.-.:. S s
Gen Electric 6s.. ..118 Do 2ds.. \$*l
Iowa Central lsts.114% West Shore 4s::'.:::il8
M%& T^zis 2* ?' lB ?? n C*"* lsts.l 86
Do is 92 Centuries 91
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 15|Ontario g 00
Crown Point 08 Ophir ....... '" f
°^ n jCal & Va 95 Plymouth ...... 11
Deadwood Xfl Quicksilver 1 «
Gould & Curry 68 DoPrefd. •••••'¦" • 00
Hale & Norcross... 23lsierra- Nevada 23
Homestake 55 00 Standard . ,m
Iron Silver..- 70 Union O>n 1 1 1 1 * " * * |o
Mexlcal1 28 Yellow Jacket.: 1111 U
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS '
aa r^tw 8^.
1 ° an * *H®6 Westlnghse &£"; js
clocks— Bonds—
A t? h T Sta Pe - n Atchlson 4s..... 100s
Do pr»fd... 73% N E.Gas & C 6s 63
American &ugar...ll2T4 Mining Shares^"' "
_Df PTffd. 115 Adventure _.. 4%
l . Te^Phone 147% AUouer Mln Co 1. 2U
Boston & Albany. .245 Amalg Copper.. 91
Boston Elevated....l5l Atlantic . 7. l\
Boston & Malne....l90 Boston & MontanaisW
Chl B & Q 127^4 Butte & Boston «5
Dominion Coal 89H Calum" &:H^i^'nt
_J*> P™«»- 113'4 Centennial .„!? 17 '
F^ enU fi** 1 M^ Franklin ...... \\u
_Do prefd 68 Humboldt 25
General Electric. .142 Parrot .......... 44U,
refd Ho Qulncy *1B4
S? f 5. c , 1! t 2U Santa Fe Copped" 694
Mich Telephone.... 85H Tamarack .°f^!T: 1 25 |
™?£S* * Cokt — "V4 Utah Minlnr 2314
OW Colony .....202 winona ...... ...... j*
Old Dominion.^.... 2114 Wolverines ....!"." 41^
....... Colorado Southern 2d prefd 15
£33 Delaware & Hudson 1124
Delaware, Lackawanna & Western.. 175
E» Denver & Rio Grande 20M
*.- 200 Denver & ltio Grande prefd "Ovfc
J>. Erie 11J4
220 Erie 1st prefd 34»J
7<X) Great Northern prefd.. 183*i
L200 Hocking Coal 16
300 Hocking Valley ...1...T 8S«4
1.120 Illinois .Central 119ii
200 Iowa Central 19
.."..... Iowa Central prefd.... .....7 41
600 Lake Erie & Western : 33Vi
Lake Erie & Western prefd.../. lOl^j
....... Lake Shore ....:..:..... : 210
4.C28 LoulFville & Nashville 75
4.168 Manhattan Elevated P«H
1.000 Metropolitan Street Railway 159V*
440 Mexican Central n%
100 Minneapolis & St Louis 68^
410 Minneapolis & St Louis prefd P$H
10,533 Missouri Pacific 6Mi
100 Mobile & Ohio 39
100 Missouri, Kansas & Texas 10'4
720 Missouri. Kansas & Texas prefd 32
New Jersey Central 1S3H
i.lH New York Central lS2«i
MOO Norfolk & Western 36»g
100 Norfolk & Western prefd 76
34,270 Northern Pacific 67»i
VKX) Northern Pacific prefd 72H
£00 Ontario & Western 21T4
Oregon Railway & Navigation 4!
Oregon Railway &. Nav prefd 76 •
8.1M Pennsylvania 134%
3^727 Reading 17«i
8^C>0 Reading 1st prefd M^
S50 Reading Id jrefd 2S
Rio Grande Western 60
Rio Grande Western prefd 90
Rt Louis & San Francisco 11H
St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 66Vi
200 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 37**
6,230 £t Louis, Southwestern 144
3.745 St Louis, Southwestern prefd -Zi^i
2.3C<5 St Paul Ub%
St Paul prefd 17!
Bt Paul & Omaha 112
7«.«6 Southern Pacific 35H
1.460 Southern Railway 12**
8,677 Southern Railway prefd 66'4
650 Texas & Pacific 16TI
14.310 Union Pacific 61V4
1,040 T'nlon Pacific prefd 75',h
200 Wabash "Ji
100 Wabash prefd 1SH
J10 Wheeling & L E »H
£:0 Wheeling & L E 2d prefd 25H
Wisconsin Central 1*»
Third Avenue .' 110
Express Companies —
Adams «. IWi
American 1 157&
United States 49
....... Wells Fargo 127
Miscellaneous —
110 American Cotton Oil 'J3
100 American Cotton Oil prefd 91
830 American Malting 5'i
American Malting prefd 23tj
2.C3O American Smelting & Ref 41&
*5 American Smelting & Ref prefd 91
American Spirits - 1H
American Spirits prefd 17
730 American Steel Hoop 22H
American Steel Hoop prefd 74Vi
7,939 American Steel & Wire 34»i
1.510 American Steel & Wire prefd 75
4,450 American Tin Plate 32V4
, 121 American Tin Plate prefd 82%
7,600 American Tobacco »6^»
American Tobacco prefd ..130
E00 Anaconda Mining Co 45V4
17.735 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 61*»
725 Colorado Fuel & Iron 89^4
6,4<XI Continental Tobacco 28
610 Continental Tobacco prefd SOH
6.125 Federal Steel 38Vk
M4 Federal Steel prefd 6*
100 General Electric 142>i
Glucose Sugar B3V4
Glucose Sugar prefd 99V4
900 International Paper 20'4
600 International Paper prefd 66%
Laclede Gas 69"^
200 National Biscuit : 35^»
National Biscuit prefd SO
100 National Lead 19^
562 National Lead prefd , 94>4
800 National Steel ..^. 28%
475 National Steel prefd 87
New York Air Brake 122
North American 15H
Pacific Coast 68
Pacific CoaFt 1st prefd S4
• Pacific Coast Jd prefd 66
8.870 Pacific Mall 42W
2,630 People's Gas 93*4
4S0 Pressed Steel Car 42»i
Pressed Fteel Car prefd 79W
350 Pullman Palace Car V....1S8H
Standard Rope & Twine • i*A
34,000 Sugar ]r i?
100 Sugar prefd ."!ll6
2.765 Tennessee Coal & Iron !.....!!!".! 66
C.230 United States Leather 11*4
1,170 United States Leather prefd... 70
£S0 United States Rubber " 32
•••\>~: T;rJ "* d States Rubber prefd 95
322 Western Union 80V4
S75 Republic Iron & Steel Co " 13V4
310 Republic Iron & Steel Co prefd. .1.1. E6H
»—~ P C C & St Louis 11.11 62
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK. Oct. 30.— Trading was of a hand
to mouth character in the market for evapor
ated apples with the undertone quiet and
steady at unchanged prices. State common was
auoted from 4 to 6c: prime; *\<3Shi,c; choice.
5H«j6c: fancy, 6@€lic.
CALIFORNIA DRIED FRUITS— Wero In
active.
PRUNES-3^«?SHc per lb, as to size and
duality.
APRICOTS— Royal. ll@14c; Moorpark. 15#16c.
PEACHES— Peeled. 16®2Oc; unpeeled. 6@3c.
NEW TORK. Oct. 30.— FLOUR— Receipts, 82,
914 barrels: exports, 32,34$ barrels. Sales. 8700
packages. Market slow again but steadily held
at former prices.
WHEAT-RecelDts. 30,525 bushels; exports,
44,149 bushels; sales. 120,000 bushels spot. Spot
firm; No. 2 red, 7SHc f. o. b. afloat: 76 7 ic ele
vator: No. 1 Northern Duluth, 84Hc f. o. b.
afloat. Options opened easier through disap
pointing cables and after a rally on local cov
rrinjr orders wore weakened again by Argen
tino cables admitting that frosts had injured
wheat as reported yesterday. Selling foe both
accounts continued through the afternoon until
nearly the close, but became alarmed and
caused a decided upturn in prices, closed firm
at Vi^Hc net advance. March, SlH@32Hc;
closed. 82Hc; May. SlUfSSc; closed, 82c; Octo
ber closed 77i4c; December, 78 15-16@78c; closed,
WOOL— Dull.
COFFEE-Spot Rio, steady; No. 2 Invoice.
SHc; mild, quiet: Cordova, 9%@14c. Futures-
Closed steady. 10@15 points net higher. Total
sales. 13.750 bags, including: December. $7 25
©7 30; March, *7 45<g7 &5; July, J7 C5; August,
J7 70; September, J7 70.
SUGAR— Raw. easy; fair refining, 4c; centrl
fucal. 96 test. 4Vic; molasses sugar, 3%c. Re
fined, culet.
BUTTER — Receipts. 8438 packages; steady.
Creamery. 16@22>,£c; factor}'. IW^^c-
EGGS— Receipts. 1O.S94 packages; steady.
Western, regular packing, 17(£19c; Western,
loss off. 21c.
New York Grain and Produce.
SUMMARY.: OF .'THE MARKETS.' I
Silver declined. Exchange as before.
Wheat freigJiis lozver. Wheat futures higher.
Other cereals as previously quoted.
Beans firm in spite of heavy receipts. Seeds unchanged.'"
Bran lower. Middlyigs and 'Hay unchanged.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables show little change.'
Butter and Eggs easy, with, enough on hand. Cheese steady.
Poultry iirm, with fair stocks. Game unchanged.'
Oranges in good demand, but Lemons and Limes dull: *
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins as previously quoted.
Hams, Bacon and Lard lower.
Wool meeting with some local inquiry.
Hops in better demand at a slight advance.
Hides and Tallow firm and. tending upward.
Beef, Mutton and Pork shew no change.
Another decline in Cordage. '..
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Coata.. (9 70& Spring VaUay tsu
Maria Cooaty. 81% — I *•¦*»-•
OAS JLST> ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Eqult G L Co. Ife SH far El G&Rci I? **
Mutual El Co. - 10*. S 7 G * E_ m«4 bats
O G L & H.... 49% 4J* San Francisco, 7t t 1 *
Pao Gas Imp.. 53 62H Stkn O & ecJ> _ A
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Flrem'a Fund.225* — '
BANE STOCKS.
4ns;lo-Cal Ltd. «S% 70 First NstlonL.KW *v>
Bank ot Cal.. — 410 Lon P & A.. rMu,- 1^^'
Cal S D & T.104 — Merchants- j£x l»i'*
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L — 1900 Sav & L So. — n
Hum 9 & I*.— — ISec Sav Bk.*_ "
Mut Sav Bk.. O. — [Union T Co.^. — _
to j? to-LV \j 51a — I
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California ....12* - iO8L4H.,!u -
Oearv-st ...... *> 4A presidio _ m
Market-st .>... 67% «S!i| **
POWDEK STOCK3.
California — ISO Vlgortt ....._ «%4 mc
Giant Con Co. S3 U **
SUGAR STOCKS.
Han* S P Co. 7 Hi Kllanea BP Co tOH -
Haw C & S Co 83 84 Makawell a Co 41 «tL
Hocokaa S Co. 30% 31 Onomoa 8 Co. 2SH —
Hutch S P Co 25 — Paaoaaa S Co. 30*£ 31
MISCELLANEOCd STOCKS.
Al Pack Assn.m&125% Pac A F A. .. i* -
Cal Fruit Asn.101 103 P*o C Bor Co. - la
Mer Ex Assn.. 97 100 Par Paint Co. 12W —
Oceanic S Co.. 13 33 ,
»;?: - ¦¦ iromlny Besston.
Boanl-
R Bank of California. .....4O 00
5 Hutchlnson S P Co.,.. ...... ......... {5 $$
110 Makawell 6u?ax Co mm U 00
15 6 F Gaa Sl Electric Co.. ....._.._... »>> ijjir
150 Sprint Valley .Water 93 25
tiCOO Spring Valley 4s (2i rnortr**s)......U3 00
Afternoon Session,
Board— r
(5000 Edison L & P Bonds. ¦ 13 _ 13". »
60 Honokaa Sug-ar Co ' ' ... •__ to 75
70 Kllauea Susjax Plantation Co........ 20 7J
J1CC0 Oakland Gas Bonds 110 00
ISO Paauhau S P Co.... jo ;j
115 S F Gas A Electrto Co..... 60 T5
S Spring Valley Water S3 3714
$200 United States 3s (coupon). «.___.U0 00
Street— • t •
tiOOO Epring: Valley 6s ~...._ M ...lli 00
PRODTJCEItS' OIL EXCHAyQB.
.'J \ 1 • Mornla*- Session.
Board—
2000 California-Standard _...„ S3
100 Home Oil ~ 4 13
[S*i Independence IS
200 McKlttrick Consolidated .,,,,.__ n
10O Monte Cristo . 1 8H5
725 Monte Cristo X M
IOC Monte Cristo, b SO .-.. 1 IV&
4W Twenty-eight ~.. — «... 2 C9
Street—
2000 Home Oil 4 tt
Afternoon Session.
Board—
1C00 California-Standard ...~ W '
500 Caribou 29
50 Independence 24
350 McKlttrick Consolidated 38
1 SO Monarch of Arizona 40
• lOOHoyal M
•0 Sterling O & D Co X »5
Street—
100 Petroleum Center 20
400 McKlttrick Consolidated -.... tl
MINING STOCKS.
The followirur were the sales In th« San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Mornlrur Session.
200 Best & Belcher 24 259 Ophlr 81
100 Con Cal & Va.l 05 400 Ophlr 83
500 Mexican 31 400 Silver Hill .... 33
Afternoon Session. -
300 Belcher 12 200 Kentuck ..„.-. 09
150 Con Cal A Va.l 00 300 Mexican ....... 30
200 Exchequer 02 10O Ophir 7H
600 Gould & Curry 72 200 Ophlr .......... 77
100 Hale & Norcrs 23
The following were tho salaa la the Paclfio
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morninr Session.
500 Best & Belcner 241 300 Gould £ Curry 72
600 Chollar 1S| 300 Hale A Norcrs 29
200 Con Cal A V.I 0Z>*\ COO Ophlr SO
100 Confidence 61 1 BOO Yellow Jacket.. 17
Afternoon Session.
300 Chollar i«| 200 Hale A Norc... T3
300 Con Cal & V.I C:'V 500 Mexican 30
300 Gould & Curry mJ 100 Ophlr >a
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY. Oct. 30-4 p. nt."
Bld.Ask.1 Bid. Ask.
Alpha 02 04 Justice 02 04
Alt* 02 03 Kentuck 03 <»
Andes 07 OSJ Lady Wash .... — 03
Belcher 13 WlMexlcan 23 31
Best & Belcher 23 24j Occidental OS M
Bullion 03 03 Ophir 77 79
Caledonia 84 35* Overman 07 OS
Chollar 17 18! Potosl 14 15
Challeng-e Con. 13 14* Savage 13 l>
Confidence SO (o! Scorpion ....... — 05
Con Cal & Va.l 00 1 OSlSe* Belcher..:.- — 02
Con Imperial .. 01 02| Sierra Nevada. U 25
Con New York. 01 —! Silver Hill .... 80 33
Eureka Con ... — 45; St Louts ...... — 12
Crown Point... 10 12 j Standard 3 25 3 60
Exchequer 01 02) Syndicate ...... 04 —
Gould & Curry 73 73 Union Con .... IS 20
Hale & Norcrs 23 23; Utah 08 03
Julia 03 04> Yellow Jacket. IS IS
WHEAT— Spot, steady; No. 2 red Western
winter, steady, 6s 4d; No. 1 Northerr, steady,
6s 3d; No. 1 California, steady. 3s 4d. Futures
quiet: December. 5s HVjd: February. 6s %d.
CORN— Spot, dull: American' mixed, new,' I.)
2Ud. Futures quiet; November. 3a ll^d; De
cember. 3s llVid; January, 3s 9%d.
LIVERPOOL, Oct. 30.— Wheat firm; No. 1
Standard California. 6s 3d(g6s 5d; "wheat :n
Paris, dull; flour in Paris, weaker; weather
in England, damp.
COTTON — Uplands, 6Ud.
CLOSING.
LONDON. Oct. 30.— Consols, 9SH: silver,
29 ll-16d; French rentes, lOOf 15c. ' Wheat car
goes on passage, rather firmer; cargoes No. 1
Standard California, 30s 6d; cargoes Walla
Foreign Markets.
TACOMA. Oct. 30.— Wheat— Nothing doing
and prices entirely nominal. Bluestcm. 65c;
club, 62c '
WASHINGTON.
PORTLAND. Oct. 30.— Wheat, steady with a
better 'demand. Walla Walla'.' 53c: -Wuestem.
56c. Cleared— Ship County of Edinburgh, with
111,633 bushels wheat; bark Altalr. with 131,
376 buehels wheat; both for Quecnstown.
OREGON,
Northern Wheat Market.
KtxSrife iMiifli-i-knrj ¦*¦<!¦ * ¦
PORTLAND. Or.. Oct. 3O.-Cleaflngs, $433,
935: balances, $41,005. -. •*,-;:''
Portland's Business.
• ¦
NEW YORK, Oct. 30.— With no frost in. the
cotton belt, the local contingent sold quite
freely on the opening call, i\-«uf.ed- a decline
of 3 to 9 points. Prices moved up 12@13 points
from the lowest figures, but. for the most part
the local trade was light. -The market was
generally steady at a net rise of 1©7 points.
A T ezu York Cotton Market.
NEW TORK, Oct. 30.— Under liberal offer
ings and rather unfavorable advices from
abroad the [ local tin market developed con
siderable weakness, closing weak In tone at
S27 256'27 70. Pig Iron warrants were also weak,
but not quotably lower at *S 75(g:9 75. The re3t
of the list was dull and nominally unchanged.
Lake copper. $16 75(817. Lead, J4 37H. and
spelter, J4 10#4 15. The brokers' price for lead
was $4 and for copper. J16 87 <&•
New York Metal Market.
LONDON, Oct. 30.— At the wool auction sales
to-day there was a good attendance and 108 1
bales were offered. Bidding was brisk and
merinos, in some cases, were slightly dearei
in consequence of the pood continental de
mand, . especially for good greasy combing
wools. Cross-breds were in large supply and In
active demand by the home trade. Fine sorts
were firm and generally dear. Cape of Good
Hope and Natals wore in slow tequest.
London Wool Market.
BOSTON. Oct. ; 30.— The Tyool market here
took on new; life 'during the past week and
the sales show a ; liberal Increaso over the rul
ing business of - the past few months. There
has been a number of large sales at rullncr
prices and sellers are looking for an i advance
as soon as the election is over.
The market for foreign wools Is quiet. Quo
tations: Territory wools, scoured basis, Mon
tana and Wyoming, fine medium and fine, 17®
ISc: scoured. 47@48c; staple. 50c: fine medium
and fine, 16@17c; scoured, 47@4Sc; staple, 50o;
Idaho, fine medium and fine, 15@16c; scoured,
47048c; staple, 50c. Australian wools, scoured
basis, spot prices, combing superfine, nominal,
73®75c ; good. 65@70c ; average, 62® 67c. - . , .
Boston : Wool Market.
BOSTON,- Oct. 29.— The Earl Fruit Company
auctioned California fruit to-day and realized
the following prices: Grapes — Tokay, double
crates, $1 30<g'3 85, average $2 35: do, single
crates, "60c@ $2 SO. j average 91c. One car sold
to-day.' I ; . "
NEW YORK. Oct. 29.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany 9 sold California fruit at auction to r day
and realized ; the ¦ following prices: * Pears— E.
Ueurre. boxes. »1 70®2 75. average Jl 75: do.
hulf boxes. $1 io@2 10. average Jl 35; Winter-
Nellis, boxes, J2 85@4 20, average J3 98; do, half
boxes. Jl 85@2 15. average J2 09. Four cars sold
to-day. Dry, favorable weather.
CHICAGO, Oct. 29.— The Earl Fruit Company
realised the following prices for California
fruit . sold at auction to-day: Grapes^-Cornl
cfcon, single crates, Jl 25<fifl 30, average Jl 65;
Tokay, single crates, $115<gl60, average Jl 49;
Verdel. single crates, Jl 15@1 45, average $138.
Pears— Winter Nellls. half boxes. ¦ 90c@Jl 75,
everage |1 01; E.- Beurre. boxes (seconds). 95c©
$1 45, average $1 19. Plums— Coe's Late Red."
single crates. SOc@Jl 10. average Jl 09. Wet,,
unfavorable weather. Six cars sold to-Uay.
Flour, qr sks 500) Quicksilver, risks 2I&
Wheat,..ctls 6.857 Leather, rolls 6S
Barley, ctls 3,?55 Raisins, bxs 4,500
Oats, ctls. ......... 590 Wine, gals 17,800
Rye* ctls €00 Brandy, gals 4.60S
Butter ctls 230 Broomcorn, bdls. 153
Tallow', ctls 267 Pelts, bdls.. 771
Beans, sks 12.014 Iftdes, No. 1.249
Potatoes, sks 4,477 Eggs, doz .7.719
Onions, sks 456. Wool, sks 36
Buckwheat, sks.. 62 Straw, tons w
Sugar, sks 830 Hay, tons...'..... 200
Sugar, bbls 12
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks 8.222 Flaxseed. sks.... 1,863
Bran, eks 3,400
FOR TUESDAY. OCTOBER 80.
Receipts of Produce.
abled some wholesalers to put a small quantity
In yard to prepare for the winter demand. . High
prices will assuredly rule all this winter, a» the
market is entirely controlled by the coast prod
uct. Crude oil is making a serious inroad Into
the steam fuel market. Recent statistics care
fully compiled show that over fifty per cent of
the coal consumption for last year is being now
displaced In quantity by the oil product this
year, which will be materially increased in
1901."
CORDAGE— Has again declined. The local
cordage company quotes as follows: Pure Ma
nila, llUc per lb; Sisal sizes and bale rope, 8c;
Duplex, 7c. Terms, 60 days or 1& per cent cash
discount.
PACIFIC CODFISH— Bundles, per lb. 3c;
cases. 3Hc; cases, extra large. 4c: cases. Imita
tion Eastern. 5c; Boneless. 4^4c; Norway Strips.
4Hc; Narrow Gauge; 4%c; Sliver King, 6c;
Blocks Oriental, 4%c; Seabright, 5c; Tablets,
6c; Middles, Golden State. 5^c; Middles. White
Seal, 7c; 5-lb boxes fancy. Boneless, SVjc; Des
iccated, per doz. 73c; Pickled Cod. barrels, each.
*6 50: Pickled Cod. half-barrels, each. J3 75.
COFFEE— Costa Rica— U@15c for prime
washed; 12V2 l 313 l sC for good washed; 13014c for
good to prime washed pea berry; 12@13c for good
to prime peaberry: ll%@13c for good to prime:
irt'j'EJllc for good current mixed with black
beans; 9Vs@Hc for fair; 7Vi®9V*c nominal for
common to ordinary.
Salvador— ll 1 i'Sil3 I 4c for good to prime
washed; 10Vi®Hc for fair washed: 12flWic for
good to prime washed peaberry: llij - ll\c for
good to prime semi-washed; 10*i@llc for super
ior unwashed: lOVfce for good green unwashed;
IKSllVjc for good to superior unwashed pea
berry; "ViSSc nominal for common to ordinary.
Nicaragua— 13® 16c for prime to fancy washed;
10Vsicl2V4c for fair to strictly good washed; 10*;
fal '••¦*« e nominal for good to superior unwashed:
ll'u'llVic nominal for good to prime unwashed
peaber.y. *
Guatemala and Mexican— 134£17c for prime
to fancy washed; 12@13c for strictly good
washed; ll@l!c for good washed: 9\i310*ic for
fair washed: 9^9^4c for medium: 6%©894c for
Inferior to ordinary; 13®14c for good to prime
washed peaberry; ll'gllVic nominal for good to
prime unwashed peaberry; 10Vi"511c nominal for
good to sui>erior unwashed.
LEATHER— Sole, heavy. 25*? 33c per Ib; Sole
Leather, medium. 2&£?S0c: Sole Leather, light.
26^2Sc: Rough Leather, heavy, 27@28c; Rough
Leather, light, 25<&26c; Harness Leather, heavy,
32gi8c; Harness Leather, medium. 30«S37c; Har
ness Leather, llcht. 29<935c: Collar Leather. 15
<B16c per foot: Kip. finished. 40iffiMc per lb:
Veal, finished. 5&tr65c: Calf, finished. 75c@tl 20: !
Sides, finished. 16©17c per foot: Belt Knife
Splits. 14(fM6c; Rough Splits, 8®10c per lb.
TANBARK-Ground. J2632S per ton; Stick,
J1SS20 ser c6rd.
OILS— California Castor Oil. in cases. No. 1,
73c: pure. $1 80; Linseed Oil. In barrels, boiled.
86c: raw, 84c: cases. 5c more; Lucol. 69c per
gallon for boiled and 67c for raw; Lard Oil.
extra winter strained, barrels. 70c: cases. 73c;
China Nut. 68t?T2c per gallon: pure Neatsfoot
Oil. barrels, <Ss: cases. 70c; Sperm, pure, 65c:
"Whale Oil. natural white, 37Vi©42Hc per gal
lon; Fish Oil, barrels. 35c: cases. 40c.
COAL OIL, GASOLINE AND BENZINE—
Water White Coal Oil. in bulk. 12c: Pearl Oil.
cases ISc: Astral. 18c; Star. ISc: Extra Star.
22c: Elaine. 23c: Eocene. 20c; Deodorized Stove
Gasoline. In bulk. 14Hc; cases. 20Vic: Benzine,
bulk, 13V£c; cases, lavjc; 86-degree Gaeoltne.
bulk. 20c; cases. 26c per gallon.
TURPENTINE— «6c per gallon In cases and
60c In drums or Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 7U@
7%c per lb; White Lead. 7®7%c, according to
quantity.
QUICKSILVER— J48 per flask for local use
and J45046 for export. ¦
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
--Crushed. 6.65c; Powdered. «.25c; Candy Gran
ulated 6.25c- Dry Granulated, 6.15c; Confec
tioners' A. 6.15c; Magnolia A. 5.75c: Extra C.
5.65c: Golden C. 5.55c; barrels, 10c more: half
barrels. 25c more: boxes. 50c more: 60-lb bags.
10c more. No orders taken for less than <5
barrels or its equivalent. Domlnos, half-bar
rels. 6.90c; boxes, 7.15c per lb.
LUMBFR— Retail prices are as follows: Pine,
ordinary sizes. J16I317: extra sizes, higher: Red
wood. J17«18 for No. 1 and J15®16 for No 2:
Lath 4 feet. $3 50#4: Pickets. J1S: Shingles.
Jl 75 'for common and J2 75 for fancy; Shakes,
Jll for split and J12 for sawn; Rustic. J20(g26.
BAGS — Ban Quentln Bags. 15 «S: Calcntt*
Grain Bags. June and July, 6Vi®Wic; Wool
Bags. 2SV4©32Vic; Fleece Twine. 7V»c; , Fruit
Bass. 614Q6?;c for white and ' SUSS^o for
bluached Jute.
CANNED FRUIT— E3rtr»» In 2%-lb Unf «r«
quoted as follows: Apricots. Jl 60; Cherries. J2
for black. Jl 85 for white and J2 for Royal
Anne; Grapes. Ji 35; Peaches. Jl 65; Pears,
« 85; Plums. Jl 85®1 40; Quinces, Jl 63: Straw
berries, *1 73.
COAL — Wellington. » per ton: Southfteld
Wellingrton, J9; Seattle, jf; Bryant. J7; Coo«
Bay. J5 50; Wallsend. J9; Co-operaUve Wall
send. J9; Cumberland. J12 In bulk and J13 25 In
sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14: Can
nel, S12 per ton; Coke, *16 per ton In bulk and
J18 In sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions.
JS 45 per 2000 lbs and JS SO per ton, according to
brand.
Harrison's circular lays: "Slnca the Moan*
sailed there have been the following Australian
coal deliveries, viz.: -Charles Gounor. 3031 tons:
James Kerr, 3645 tons; Crocodile. 3800 ton*; Oa
borne, 4717 tons; Amlral Troude. 2610 tons; Star
of France, 2377 tons; Fannie Kerr. 3545 tons;
Springbank. 3860 tons; Shenandoah. 4000 tons;
total. 31,685 tons. The quantity at hand this
month Is treble the amount received from Aus
tralia In September. It was all delivered direct
to consumers; anone went Into yard. There are
thirty coal engagements from Sydney and New
castle, aggregating a capacity of about 92,000
tons. A third of this will not arrive here this
year. This shows a shrinkage of about 20,000
tons since the last steamer left. The delay In
loading Is the principal Teaaon why more ton
nage is not diveited in this direction, aa there
cannot be a more profitable port for shipowners
than this, with 20 shillings for coal Inward
and 42 shillings 6 pence for grain outward. Re-
General Merchandise.
Hogs hav« shown no chan*» for t«n dajri. •»
the demand and supply are about «<pi«- Beer.
Mutton and Veai remain aa before.
BETEK— «S6Vio for Steer» and 5@5tto per ip
"VEAL^-Large. 7@Sc; small. 8H©«c K^»I^- rM .
MUTTON-Wethers. 7®7Hc: «wei. tW&lo p*r
pound.
LAMB— 8ff8V4c per lb. „ _, -„
PORK— Live Hoga. 6V4o for «mall. B%a tor
medium and 5%c for large: stock, Hogs «.na
feeders. 5c; dressed Hogs. 7V4S*Vic-
San Francisco Meat Market.
lVAOSOc. Goatskins— Prim* An«©rm«. We :¦!*«•
and smooth. 60c; medium. S5o._ _ _ •wiv"
TALLOW-No. 1 rendered. 4®4tfo P«r ». No.
t. 3(f3Hc; grease. 2®2}4c. , r * # n ti«wm-
WOOl^-Spring clip Is quoUbl« a« '°"o^
Northern, free. 15®l«c: Northern, ¦ ««<«£ tl J* 1 , "®
14c; Middle CounTjl; free. 14«16o; t 2^^4
defective, 12@14c; Southern Mountain. 11
months', 9®I0c; Southern Mountain, free. «
months'. ll®12c; Southern Mountain. """"Ti
7 months', fi^llc: Humboldt and Mendodno. ib
©17c: Nevada. 13<81Sc per lb. ¦¦ •».« •»»•«• I
Fall Clip— San Joaquln. «HO8e: do X-«aB» . »
@9c; Mlddla County, 9©l0o per lb.
HOPS— llVa@16c per lb.
Hops are reported In active demand and firm
at! a' slight advance. TVool continues quiet,
though there Is rather more Inquiry for the bet
ter, trades. '. ¦-.
"¦ Hides and ¦ Tallow continue • firm . and stocks
are'much lighter than a month ago.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about . lc under quotations. . Heavy - salted
Steers,- 9 Vic; medium. :8Vsc; "light. 8Hc; Cow
hides, SVzc: Stags. 6c: •" Salted Kip, 9c; Salted
Veal, 9c; Salted Calf, 10c; Dry Hides, 16c - culls
14c; Dry Kip, 15#16c; Dry. Calf,. 16c; culls and
brands, 13@14c; Sheepskins, Shearlings, < 15©25o
ench; * short Wool, : 30©40c ; each ; medium. 60®
70c: ~ long -Wool. * 75c@Jl each; Horse Hides
Bait,' $2 £0 for large, 92 for medium. $1 for small
and : 50c i for colts; - Horse Hides, •¦ dry, Jl 60 for
large, Jl 25 for medium,* Jl for small and 2?@50o
for colts. ; Deerskins— Summer or red skins, 35c*
fall or medium skins, 30c; winter or thin skins,
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops:
Cutting has again broken out among the
heavy dealers and Hams, Bacon and Lard are
all lower." Barreled goods show little change.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. , 10%@lle per lb for
heavy. 12c for light' medium. 13c for light. 14c
for extra light and 15c for sugar cured; East
ern Bugar-cured Hams, HV4@12c ; Mess * Beef,
J12 B0 per barrel ; extra Mess.- J13 60; Family,
J13 60; extra Prime Pork, J16; extra clear. J19 50;
Mess,; $16; ¦ Smoked" Beef. 13c per lb."
- LARD— Tierces quoted at 6?ic per lb for com
pound and 9c for pure; half- barrels, pure, 9%c;
10-lb'tlns, i%c; 5-lb tins, 9T4c. ,
COTTOLENE — One- half barrel. 8Hc; three
half barrels, 8 He; one tierce. , 8%c; two tierces,
8 %c; five tierces, 8V»c per lb.
Provisions.
steady, with a moderate demand. Honey Is
quieter, but no weaker. All fruits are dull
but fairly steady.
The recent rumors regarding Prunes may be
sifted down to this: Prices will not be any
lewer; the few outside Prunes are generally
held by strong hands, who want to get even
mere than the association prices for them;
about one-fourth of the crop has already been
moved, and what Is more, has passed into con
sumption; and finally, the association does not
expect that any will be carried over Into next
season. There Is no speculation and every
thing sold Is at once consumed.
FRUITS— Prunes, Santa Claras, 4 sizes, 3c;
40-oOs, 7c; 50-60s. 5Vlc: 60-70s. 3%c; 70-S0s. 3Uc;
80-908. 2%c: 90-lOOs, 2Uc: 100s and over.*2c; ru
bles, J ; i c premium; Sonomas, %c and San Joa
qutns Vic less than Santa Claras, except 100s
and over, which stand the same. Apricots. 6@
go for Royals and 10@ll l ,ic for Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples, 4@4iic; sun-dried, 2»*®4c;
Peaches, 4',4@5c for standard, 6@6c for choice
and 7@7%o for fancy: Pears. 2@7c; Plums,
pitted, 5®6Hc; unnltted, 1®1V4c; Nectarines, 5@
6Hc for red and 6H©«c for white.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association.
has established the following prices for the
neason of 1900: Bleached Thompson's fancy, 12c
per lb; choice, lie; standard, 8%c; prime, 8c;
unbleached Thompson's 9c per lb.\, Sultanas—
Fancy, 10%c per lb: choice. 9%c; standard, S%c;
prime, 8c; unbleached Sultanas," 8c; Seedless,
60-lb boxes, 6%c; 2-crown loose Muscatels, 6c;
2- crown 6%c; 4-crown. 7c; London Layers. 2
crown $1 50 per box; 3-crown, Jl 60; Fancy
Clusters,' J2; Dehesa. J2 50; Imperial. J3. All
r rices f. o. b. -at common shipping points in
*NUTS— Chestnuts, 7@Sc per lb: Walnuts^ No.
1 eoftshetl, lie; No. 2, 8c: No. 1 hardshell.- 10c;
No 2, 7V4c: Almonds, 15@16c for paper-shell,
lift 12»Ac for softshell: Peanuts, 5©6c for East
ern: Brazil Nuts. 13c; Filberts. 13c; Pecans. U
©13c; Cocoanuts, J3 SOS'S.
HONEY— Comb.. 13Vi@14^c for bright and 12%
@13c for light amber; water white, extracted.
7»,!ff 8c: light amber, extracted, 7©7VJc; dark, 6
©6Vic i>er lb. •
BEESWAX— 24@26c per lb.
Prices for everything remain precisely as be
fore. Raisins are strong and active. Nuts are
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
The car of Oregon Spitzenbergs came to hand
and Is gelling at Jl 25 per box. Other Apples
are weak and In liberal supply.
Quinces continue. in light supply. Plums are
neglected. Pomegranates are higher, being
scarcer. The few Figs still coming In are gen
erally poor and slow of sale. Pears are in
ample supply and weak.
There is no change In Grapes, the demand
being slow, owing to the cool weather.
Oranges, both new and Intermediate crop,
find ready sale, but Lemons' and Limes are In
heavy supply and slow.
Melons are poor and out of favor. '
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
¦ APPLES— 2j@50c per box for common and
e0i»&0c for good to choice; Spitzenbergs, 60c!g$l.
PEARS — Winter Nellis. 60c®$l; Cooking
Pears. 23<ff50c per box. .
QUINCES— fvgtoc jkt box.
.FKRSIMM0NS-3o<863c per box.
CRANBERRIES— Cape Cod. $8 50@8 75 per
barrel: Coos Bay. J2®2 25 per box.
STRAWBERRIES— J3?H 50 per chest for large
and for small berries.
HUCKLEBEBBIES-ofec per lb.
RASPBERRiES-Jt £0^6 per chest
POMEGRANATES— 7Sc@$i; according to size
of box.
PLUMS— 20<5?40c per box.
GRAPES— Muscats, Tokays, Verdells, black
and other ordinary varieties, 30(g50c per small
box and 40@fcic per crate; Isabellas. In crates,
73c<8$l: Cornlchons, In crates, 40@65c: Wine
Grapes. $18© 20 for White. $20<S22 for Mission
and $15©25 per ton for Zinfandel.
MELONS— Nutmegs, 25® 50c per case; Canta
loupes. 50c@Jl P«r crate.
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Oranges, $3{j5;
Seedlings. J-"?<3: Lemons, 40cfi$l 25 for com
mon and $1 50/^2 50 for good to choice; Mexican
Limes $4*i4 50; California Limes, 40@5Oc: Ba
nanas,' Jl 75® 2 50 per bunch; Pineapples, Jl 50@
3 DO per dozen.
Creamery — Fancy Creamery, 23H@24c; Sec
onds. 22Vi'B23c.
Dairy— Fancy,- 22^c; good to choice, 21ff22c;
common, 20c.
Creamery tub — 2O022V&C per lb.
Pickled roll— 19@21c.
Firkin— lS@19c. •
Storage goods— 22 1 ,i®24c.
CHEESE -New, ll^c; old, 9@l.lc; Young
America. llHS^c; Eastern. 13HS14c; West
ern, 10@12c per lb.
EGGS- Quoted at 20@30c for store and 37U@
44c per dozen for ranch; Eastern. lS@26c.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Some dealers report a better movement In
Butter, owing to the more reasonable prices,
while others say there Is no improvement, and
point to large stocks still on their floors. Buy
ers continue to run largely on packed goods,
to satisfy the public demand for cheaper But
ter.
Cheese has shown no change for some little
time, supplies about balancing the demand.
Eggs continue to drag at the high prices, as
the public are not buying any more than they
can help at the present quotations. Some deal
ers report . accumulating stocks. :
Aside from the four cars of Eeaatern received
thus far this week receipts of Poultry are light
and the market rules steady in consequence.
The Hastes? ' la selling at 12@14c for Turkeys.
$3 50^4 for T>ucks, $2 for Geese, $4@5 for Hens.
$5 for young Roosters. $4 50 for old Roosters,
12 50@3 for broilers. $3 60 for Fryers. |1 for
Pigeons and $1 C0@l 75 for Squabs.
Game sells well and cleans up dally. *
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 14 @15c for Gob
blers and 145J15C for Hens; old Turkeys, llffj
12M..c; Dressed Turkeys, 15@17c; Geese, per pair.
$1 50@l 73; Goslings, $1 75@2; Ducks, $3fl for
old and $4@5 for young; Hens, $3 50©4 50;
Yoi'ng Roosters. $»i34 , r ,0; Old Roosters. $3 50®
4 50; Fryers. $3r<}3 60; Broilers. $3<?f3 50 for large
and $2 5(Ki?3 for small; Pigeons, $1 . per dozen
for old and $1 50® 1 75 for Squabs.
GAME— Quail. llfTl 25 for Valley and $2 for
Mountain; Mallard, $4§6; Canvasback, $406;
Sprig. $2 50@3 50; Teal. $2 50®3; Widgeon, J2@
2 M>: Small Duck. Jl 75@2; Gray Geese. $3;
"White Geese. $1'25®1 50; Brant, H 50 for small
and $2 for large; English Snipe. Jl 25@1 50;
Jack Snipe, 75c@$l 25; Hare,' $1®1 25; Rabbits,
$1 2301 50 for cottontail and $1@125 for brush;
Doves, 50®COc ser dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Potatoes of all descriptions remain about as
before. Onions are firm at the recent advance.
Vegetables are In ample supply as a rule, at
unchanjovi quotations, except Peas and Beans,
which are higher. ' •
POTATOES-Uiver Reds, 70@S0c; Burbanks.
30@50c for Rivers and 85c@$l 15 per ctl for
Salinas and 60@00c for Oregon; Sweets, 60@75c
for Rivers and 90c for Merced.
ONION'S— S5c@-$1 10 per ctl; Pickle Onions. M
@coc. .
VEGETABLES- Green Peas. >®7c per lb;
String • Beans, 4f26c; Ltmas, 2<S3c per lb; Cab
bage, Jl;' Tomatoes, Bay, 20@75c; Egg Plant,
256500' per box; Green Okra. 50i@60c: Green Pep
pers. 300 EOc per box for Chill and 40@50e for
Bell; Dried Peppers. 10®15c; Carrot*!. 25<g35o
per rack; Summer Squash. 75@85c for Alameda;
Cucumbers, 40-350c for Alameda;' Pickles, Jl 50
per box for No. 1 and $1 for No. 2; Garlic.
4#5c pej lb; Marrowfat Squash, |S@10 per ton.
Poultry and Game.
The rapid advance In Beans of last week Is
not continued thus far this week, though deal
ers still report a firm feeling. Receipt* are
still heavy, amount Ins to nearly 23,600 eks dur
ing the past two days.
There Is nothing new In Seeds. ; fj
BEANS-Bayos. ' $2 50@2 65; Small White.
J3«5@4; Larce White. $2 75<®2 95: Pink, fl 90®
2 10*. Red. $3 25; Blackeye, $2 85<g3; Lima, $5 15
«?5 25; Pea. S3 S5@4; Red Kidney, S3 7504.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, $2 25@2 40; Canary,
3%c per lb for California and 4c for Eastern;
Alfalfa, 94?9',4c; Rape, . 2> / £@3c; Hemp, 4®4&c;
Timothy, iS$i^c. > „. „__,
I3RIED PEAS— Nllea, $1 50®2: Green, $180®
2 20 per ctl; Blackeye, $1 60@l 75.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.-
Wheat and Oat, »10@12 BO; Oat. $9®U 50; Clover.
$5@7; Alfalfa, 16 50QS 60; Barley, *7@9 per ton.
STRAW-35®45c per bale. ,
Beans and Seeds.; .
THE RAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 31, 1900.
California Fruit Sales.
wetbers,»3 85@4 10; fair to- choice,- mixed. 35
©3 90; Western sheep, J3 75@4 10;- Texas sheep,
$2 50<f 3 60; native lambs, $4 25@5 25; Western
lambs. $4 76@5 20.
29
4 a
10
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
Article*— Open. High. Low.
Wheat No. 2—
>ctober T2U 72*4 724
November 72*{ 72% 72^4
>c»mbpr 73V4 73*» 73
Corn No. 2—
)ctober 86% 57H 26*4
November 36 -364 35%
December 34% 31", 34S
tfay 36 36V» 35%
Oats No. 2—
October 21H' 21tt 21H
November 214 214 2Ui
December 21% ZU4 21%
Way 23% 23T» 23<fc
Mess pork. pr>r barrel —
November 10 80 10 80 10 75
fanuary 1115 1130 1115
Lard, cer 100 pounds —
October 7 10 7 JO 7 074
S'ovember- 7 05 7 10 .7 05 -
3ecwnber 6 85 6 874 .6 85,.
Short ribs, per ,100 pounds—
}etober
November 6 174 6 174 6 15
fanuary 6 82V4 6 00 6 924
Cloee.
72%
72T»
73^
374
364
34%
36
21%
21%
21%
23%
10 75
1125
7<574
7 05
6 85
. 6 70
6 15
5 '-'~>\'z
Articles— Receipts. E
Flour, barrels ;. 37.000
Wheat, bushels 270.000
Corn, bushels 493.000
Oats, bushels 891,000
Rye. bushels .7.000
Barley, bushels 263.000
Shlj
pments.
25,000
8S0.0OO
393.000
298.000
8,000
53,000
Article*— Open. High. Low.
Wheat No. 2—
>ctober T2U 72*4 724
November 72*{ 72% 72^4
>c»mbpr 73V4 73*» 73
Corn No. 2—
)ctober 86% 57H 26*4
November 36 -364 35%
December 34% 31", 34S
tfay 36 36V» 35%
Oats No. 2—
October 21H' 21tt 21H
November 214 214 2Ui
December 21% ZU4 21%
Way 23% 23T» 23<fc
Mess pork. pr>r barrel —
November 10 80 10 80 10 75
fanuary 1115 1130 1115
Lard, cer 100 pounds —
October 7 10 7 JO 7 074
S'ovember- 7 05 7 10 .7 05 -
3ecwnber 6 85 6 874 .6 85,.
Short ribs, per ,100 pounds—
}etober
November 6 174 6 174 6 15
fanuary 6 82V4 6 00 6 924
Cloee.
72%
72T»
73^
374
364
34%
36
21%
21%
21%
23%
10 75
1125
7<574
7 05
6 85
. 6 70
6 15
5 '-'~>\'z
Articles— Receipts. E
Flour, barrels ;. 37.000
Wheat, bushels 270.000
Corn, bushels 493.000
Oats, bushels 891,000
Rye. bushels .7.000
Barley, bushels 263.000
Shlj
pments.
25,000
8S0.0OO
393.000
298.000
8,000
53,000
ADCTION SALES
jEAfft conn, MvcnoncKn
¦WTLIj SSUi TO-DAT, Oct. H. 1900. oear'V n*.
Oak XUroltur* an4 Carpets and Beddln^^
bouM. 7 roonu, S10 Mason st. near O'FarrelL
at 11 tfdock a. m. waarrea.
EMTX. C»H3T. AuctioneerO'NEIL ELECTED COLONEL
OF FIRST INFANTRY, N.G.C.
Major Connelly Is Chosen Lieutenant Colonel
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 31, 1900.
ear and got down to see : what was the
matter. As Fender stepped in f ron^ of
the car there came the cry:
'iPolly wants a full dinner p-a-1-1," and
there on the headlight was perched h
green parrot. How the bird got there
Fender did not know, but he. took the par
rot into the car with' him and continued
his trip toward Elmhurst. Polly was
very sociable and very talkative and told
the passengers in the car Just exactly
what It thought about the political situa
tion.
"Vote for Mac and prosperity," advised
the ©bird. "Hurrah for Teddy! Three
cheers for Mac! "Polly don't want a
cracker. Polly wants a full dinner pall."
The advice was kept up during the en
tire, trip to Elmhurst and the bird had
the center of the car. Even those of
the opposite political faith laughed at the
parrot and Slotorman Fender says that
Polly converted him from Bryanlsm.
"If even the birds are for McKinley, I
guess it is time for the rest of us to get
aboard," said Fender.
* It was found that the bird belonged to
John D. Isaacs, who lives on Alice street,
near Thirteenth, the point where the bird
boarded the Hay wards car. Polly got
away from Its home and started on a Tit
tle campaign tour of Its own In the Interest
of McKinley and Roosevelt. < Its first
and most effective campaigning was done
on the Hay wards car. .The railroad men
derived lots of amusement from the bird's
talk and when It was taken away the last
words it said were:
"Good-by, boys. Hurrah for Mac and
Teddy! Gimme a full dinner pail."
POLITICAL PARROT LOADS ITSELF WITH THE BATTLE CRIES OF THE REPUBLICAN PARTY AND GOES
FORTH TO DEMONSTRATE THAT EVEN THE BIRDS ARE FOR McKINLEY AND THE PRINCIPLES
THAT THE GREAT LEADER REPRESENTS. • .
Minos"; Wednesday, November 7. "Myce
naean Gems"; Thursday, November S.
"Lights on Homer"; Friday. November 9.
"The Mycenaeans In Egypt."
At the students' meeting In the gymna
sium Friday morning. November 9. at 1!:'5
o'clock, Pnviessor Dyer will deliver an ad
dress entitled. "Machiavelli's Maxims In
Connection with Events of the South Af
rican War." It will be a c»£°ful exposi
tion of the Boer war by Pnfessor Dyer,
who. although an American by birth and
a graduate of Harvard, has resided -for
many years In England.
Professor Dyer will deliver three univer
slty extension lectures on "Machiavelll." J
in the auditorium of the Academy of
Sciences, S19 Market street. San Francisco,
on the evenings of Monday. Wednesday
and Friday. November 1?, 14 and K. at S
.o'clock. lie will also speak before the Art
Association on "Helen of Troy." Friday
evening, November 8, probably in Stiles
Hall.
Profes."?or Dyer's lectures are free to th«
public, excepting the one under th«
auspices of the Art Association, for which
Invitations will- be sefit out.
This* vis«lt of Professor Dyer to America
is solely for the purpose of delivering the
Hearst art lectures. He will lecture, how
ever. In Los Angeles. Chicago and at Har
vard University on his way back to Eng
land.
BERKELEY, Oct. 30.— Professor
Louis Dyer, A. M., has arrived In
this city from Oxford, being sum
moned by Mrs. Phebe A. Hearst
to lecture for the University of
California.
Besides a series of seven lectures on
"Myceriaean Greek Art," which he will
deliver/ at Berkeley, he will give three
university extension lectures in San Fran
cisco, speaking before the Art Association
of the university and a students" meet
lng. , .
Professor Dyer's lectures on "Myce
naean Greek Art" will cover the results
of the wonderful excavations recently
made in Crete by Arthur J. Evans, the
American archaeologist. These discover-%
ies are of much Importance, as they throw
new light on Mycenaean civiization. Pro
fessor Dyer's description of the great
Labyrinth of Minos will be of particular
' These lectures, which will be held at 4
o'clock in the lecture-room of the stud
ents' observatory on the campus, are as
follows:
Thursday, November 1. "Introductory";
Friday. November 2, "The Cretan Alpha
bet"; Monday, November 5. "Dr. Schlic
mann's Excavations": Tuesday. Novem
ber 6, "Old Knossos and the Labyrinth of
PROFESSOR LOUIS DYER. A. M. HE IS FROM OXFORD AND HA3
BEEN SUMMONED BY MRS. PHEBE A. HEARST TO DELIVER
LECTURES ON "MYCENAEAN GREEK ART."
' While Mlchilo Coocolata was aiding In
the work : of * driving ,' piles : at the Union
Irori "..Works ; yesterday his ' shoulder was
accidentally struck by the hammer of the
pile-driver. He was taken to the Receiv
ing - Hospital, where Dr. Dray found he
had suffered a . compound I fracture - of ths
right shoulder. . Coocolata . resides * on
Taylor street, near Francisco.
¦ ¦ ; ¦ •
Struck by Triphammer.
rrtis Judiciary* Committee of the . Board
of Supervisors notified the theatrical man
agers yesterday that -a meeting -of the
committee will be held Friday, 1 November
2 1900. at 2:30 p. m.. for the purpose of
considering ' the - question of compliance
upon the part of the owners, managers or
lessees of all buildings used for theatrical
or operatic purposes or for public enter
tainments with the provisions of ordinance
No. 88, regulating such buildings.
The managers are requested to have a
representative attend the- meeting who
will be prepared to give Information as to
what steps, if any, have been taken to
comply : with the provisions of the ; ordi
nance. ~^SBZ\%£l*BSWBBgm&nuG^U
Regulation of Theaters.
NOVELIST GUNTER
APPEARS PT COURT
Is Appointed Executor of Estate of
: TT<» Deceased Mother, Eliza-
I beth A. Provines.
.Archibald Clavering Qunter, the well
known author, qualified as administrator
of the estate of the deceased mother,
Elizabeth A. Provines, ' before Judge
Troutt yesterday. Mr. Gunter came to
San Francisco to attend his mother's fu
neral a»il will '^remain here until her es
tate Is Settled. ¦.•-¦"-. :¦•'*¦/-'
Mrs Provines left an estate valued at
$150 000. of which she bequeathed 175,000 to
her talented son. The will was formally
admitted - to probate yesterday and: the
novelist will immediately assume eontrol
of her estate. Without reference to the
arfwSnt bequeathed him by hla mother
Mr Gunter Is wealthy. His novel. "Mr.
.Barnes of New York," netted him over
$100,000, and hla , "Mr. Potter of Texas '
was almost as profitable.
COMPA-NIOira \/ORK TO AID
GAXVESTON" SUFFEREBS
Entertainment and Ball Given by
Bay City Circle in Union
Square Hall.
Bay City Circle of the Companions of
the Forest of America worked in a good
cause last evening In Union Square Hall.
They gave an entertainment and ball in
aid of the Galveston sufferers, an event
for which they had been preparing for
weeks. There was a largo number of
people to enjoy the programme, which in
cluded the following numbers.
Overture, orchestra; fancy dance. Miss Nina
Jean Cook; vocal solo. - J. Kay; spaclalttes.
"I'm Tough, Dead Tough." B«nnett Slstws;
trio. Misses Birdie, Sadie and Master Melville
Callah: tenor, solo. Mrs. Hugo Carbonett; coon
specialties. Miss Goldle Harris; selections. "Wil
liam J. Hjrnes; a few minutes with the magi
dan. Professor Max Asher.
M. Brady was the chairman of ths
evening. Then followed a good pro
gramme of dances. The affair, which
realized a neat sum for the distressed,
was conducted by the following com
mittees:
Arrangements— Mrs. H. ''Worms, J. Br*ch
man. Miss Bessie. Borren. Miss Sarah Luboach,
Mrs. Ray Roth.
Reception— D. Steinberg. 8. Swfltzer. Mrs. M.
Sanders. Mrs. Mary Horrowlta. Miss K. Offer.
George Plato. Miss TUlle; Godchaux. Mrs.
Oner. Miss Hattla Wolff. G«orge Mensor. Miss
Esther Rosenbaum and L. Sanders.
Floor— A. Levy (director), D. SJcootsky (as
sistant director). R. Rosenberg, Miss F. OTXm
nel). Mrs. P. Anker. Mr*. S. Smith, Mrs. 7.
Karlson. - Harry P. Franklin. Max Schwarta
and Charles L. Llcht.
Hospital for Contagious Diseases.
Dr. Bazet. chairman of the Hospital
Committee of the Board of Health, and
Health Officer O'Brien Informed the Board
of Supervisors yesterday that they had
visited the tract of land known as Bay
View farm In South San Francisco. Dr.
Bazet says the tract would be an Ideal lo
cation for a hospital for contagious dis
eases. It Is Isolated and sheltered and
only needs proper wharf facilities to land
patients.
An Insolvent Company.
W. C. Defrlez of and constituting the
National Special Delivery Company filed
a petition fn Insolvency yesterday in tho
United States District Court. He owes
$333 25 and has $20 assets.
Jennie Bernadic, Domestic, and Geo.
Leland, Cigar Salesman, Suf
focated in Their Booms.
Jennie Berriadic. a pretiy French girl,
23 years of age. employed as a waitress In
the family of Louis Simon at 1&40 Pine
street, was asphyxiated by illuminating
gas in her room last Monday night. The
key of the gas burner was turned fully
Caroline Koopman. the cook, occupied
a room adjoining that of Miss Bernadic.
and detected the fumes of gas when she
arose at 7 o'clock in the morning. Medi
cal aid was summoned, but the body was
cold when the doctor arrived and life had
been extinct for several hours. The key
of the gas burner was In good order and
Miss - Bernadic had been occupying tho
room for six months, so that the theory
of accident is not tenable unless it be ad
sumed that the girl left the gas burning
and that It was extinguished by water or
air in the pipes or other similar cause.
She was represented to be of a very
cheerful disposition and- the Coroners
deputies who were detailed to investigate
the matter were unable to learn whether
the girl had possessed any reaaon for
committing suicide. The autopsy, by
Morgue Surgeon Leland showed that there
was no physical reason for despondency
or unhappiness. . .
Mrs. .Lacoume, who conductsa laundry
at 1513 Polk street, Is a sister of the dea-1
George Leland, a cigar salesman, 84
vears old. was asphyxiated by illumiuat
ing gas some time during Monday night
or Tuesday morning. He liveu with his
mother and sister at 2353 Post street and
worked for Georre Swartzel. hla sister s
husband, -at 296 O'Farrell street.
The key of the gas burner was turned
on and a book lay open In the bed by the
side of the dead man.
Leland retired at 11 o'clock on Monday
night and evidently followed his usual
habit of reading in bed. He probably feil
asleep while reading and the- gas Jet was
extinguished accidentally. That is the
theory, of his relatives, who say that It
is not a case of suicide, there being, so
far as they are aware, an entire absence
of motive.
TWO DEATHS AB,E CAUSED
BY GAS ASPHYXIATION
»-* LOS t ANOEL.E8. ¦ Oct. | 8(K— Mrs. : John Surift,
president i of - the • California * Woman's ' Suffrage
SocfWy. ¦ ia In X<oa > Angeles ¦ to organize • * - local
Libel 'Against the 'Undaunted.
L». Sorenson filed avllbel yesterday, against
the ' Pacific : Steam^Whaling 'i to'
recover; $350"* wages ' alleged. - to • be , due - for
services as seaman on board the abipjUn- 1
daunted. " ' : : MSSB8l£tiXmM£s.
'John *• Sorges; aged' six years,' found „¦ a
bottle of whisky at « the . home • of * his
parents at '= 1540 Tenth : avenue South ; yes
terday and; drank a large quantity* 6f;lt.
Physicians were called in, but could* do
nothing to save the child. iHe**dIed- after
suffering great agony * for ? several -. hours. ,
The body will be removed to the Morgue.
Whisky Causes Child's Death.
Company K, First" : Regiment . of • In
fantry. N. G. C, gave a dance last even
ing 1 In the : EHis-street armory * to raise
funds for the purpose of erecting monu
ments at the graves oi Its members who
were killed in action in< the Philippine
Islands. Many were present to ' contrib
ute to th« fund . and - they enjoyed a: well
delected ¦ programme of dances. Many - of
the soldiers were in uniform: ••:;•
Company K's Dance.
OAKLAND/ Oct. 30.— The prosecution
in the Keating case : closed* this morning
with the testimony of J. Letford. :; Im
mediately afterward the defense -com
menced ¦. trf put i in its evidence. None < of
H was strong. The defense -is -mainly.
technical.
Keating Prosecution' Closes.
OAKLAND, Oct. 30.— Licenses ; to marry
were issued to-day to Belle ;Phelps, aged
33, San Jose, and . Henry .Johnson^" 33,
Half moon Bay: . Madge Lyster. 22,; and
"William J. Martin, 30, both of Pleasanton;
Rose A. Canavan, 18,* Stocktons and Vic
tor G. Nielson, 22,Alameda.
License to Marry.
WAEHINGTON. Oct- 30.— The Knight3
of Labor dispute between the Parsons and
Hayes factions was taken into the Su
preme Court of the District of Columbia
to-day, when John Parsons of N»w York
end others filed a bill against John Hayes
and others, asking a receiver, an account
ing and an- Injunction. The suit is brought
against Hayes a» the person now In actual
possession of the property, real and per
sonal of the national organization of the
KniRfcta of Labor and of its books, papers
and as&«t*. including the paraphernalia of
its printing office at the ,,-eneraJ head
quarters of the organization. A suit or
elmllar character was "instituted by Par
eons and others last cpring and decided
by the court In f*vor of the • Hayes " fac
tion. .
Chile's Cabinet Resigns.
VALPARAISO. Chile. Oct. 3O.-The
Cabinet has tendered its resignation, and
the President fac*« another crleis. Differ
ence* betwe«n the President and Secretary
of the Interior led to the Cabinet's reslg-
KNIGHTS OF LABOR CASE
TAKEN TO SUPREME COURT
EDINBURGH, Oct. 30.— The Free
Church assembly and the United Presby
terian synod held tnelr concluding meet
ings'here to-day. Five hundred elders of
the Free Church, through their.represen
tatives In the assembly, objected to < the
proposed union between the two religious
organizations.
Hev, Robert Ralney, principal of - New
College, who" moved In the . Free Church
assembly the resolution In favor of union,
showed the Insignificance numerically; of
those who protested, by reminding, the
assembly that there were 10,000 elders In
the Free Church. -
The resolution was adopted in two vot
ing$ by Immense majorities, the minorities
being respectivelj^'sand 27. Subsequent
ly, the dissenters resolved to con
tinue the Free Church on the' old princi
ples. ''
The Presbyterian synod unanimously ap
proved the union. .,_.'* :
BELIGIOUS BODIES UNITE,
Slayer of Express Messenger 'Lane
Must. Suffer the Extreme Pen- '
" alty. of .
. MARYSVILLE, Ohio, Oct 30.— The Jury:
at midnight returned a. verdict of murder
in • the * first degree,": without * recommenda
tion," against' Rosslyn Ferrell , for the mur
der '. on the night of , August 10 , last of
Charles ¦ Lane," express i messenger', on the
Panhandle eastbound train.
-The murder was committed : for the pur
pose ¦ of robbery- Ferrell * secured i $1000 i in
money from the safe of > the Adams | Ex
press Company. The verdict carries with
ft the death penalty, which ; is i ¦ electrocu
,--: The . deliberations • of : the , jury occupied
six hours and thirty minutes and the Ver
dict was reached at: 11:40 o'clock to-night.
When the indictment was read Ferrell ap
peared * to . be taken ¦ by surprise z and his
face flushed, c This ; was -> the - first . visible
sign of emotion that • had been shown ; by,
him during ; the trial," but : he quickly j re
gained composure and was led back to his
cell without having^uttered a word. :
FERBELL IS FOUND
GUILTY OF MURDER
WASHINGTON, - Oct- 30.— Dispatches
from Manila -announcing the determina
tion to submit the proposed new Philip
pine tariff to the consideration of the War
Department here , to be . promulgated are
confirmed. The tariff was prepared by a
board of army officers connected with the
customs service in the Philippines. -While
it was under consideration all complaints
concerning It and-suggestions of those in
terested were forwarded to the . board.
Afterward it was sent to the Taft Com
mission, in whose hands it has been for
some time. . The tariff is now to be sent
to the War Department and will be made
public to all Interested for sixty days, dur
ing which time the department will ' en
deavor to ascertain' the views of ' persons
in this country as to any changes needed
Finally, it will- be ¦ reviewed- by the com
mission and proclaimed ; by . the War - De •
partment. MNBrag|y&il|
and Soon to Be Published.
Now in Hands of Taft Commission
NEW PHILIPPINE TABIFF.
Lergiest Bally of Season Held by
Democrats and Republicans *
Democrats and Republicans alike
rallied last evening- at Union' Hall,
on ':' Fillmore . street. In the Forty
first Assembly District, to give im
petus to the candidacy of Oscar Sutro,
whom the -better elements in the district,
hope to send to the Assembly to redeem
the district from the disgrace of Dibble.
The hall was so crowded that many were
unable to get. seats, but the 'later comers
stood for hours . and cheered ' every men
tion of Mr. Sutro. Dr. Mahoney presided.
When Mr. Sutro arrived he was repeated
1*' cheered. He made a clever speech,'de
scribing his hopes and -the > wor« that he
meant;to* do for the district and the city
at Sacramento. '
•"We will have to work up to election day
If we hope to win,", he said. "."That 1 we are
all willing : to • do. ¦-¦ I am • your . candidate
and i you know me. I know that certain
objections have been made against me
as a candidate.". One is that I am. too
young. If that is so it is also true that
the district Is old enough to have a' new
representative in the Legislature, ",-.-¦ s.
"Another is that I am not a native son
I came . to California . when I was ten
months old. My father came to California
In the early fifties. I was born In British
Columbia, but I tell you that there is no
one more proud than I am of California.
The ' next ' objection Is ; to" my method of
campaigning. ¦: I need not say -that - all
these ; objections ¦ are ¦ made ;• by our oppo
nents. , I wish to say that a. vote' that is
not wortlTasklngfor Is not worth having.
" ¦ "I hope to go to Sacramento. I hope to
represent ;you^ generally *¦*: there. . lam a
Democrat, but if I aim elected ] I will - rep
resent , the : Republicans of the : district as
well as : Ij can. ; I hope to help to give . to
San Francisco its ; water front. - Mr. * Dib
ble's talk about a gerrymander, by Demo
crats'-in the -Legislature Is absurd. > Th«
House ' and i Senate .will both - be ' Republi
can. ¦< The only ) man who has "gerryman
dered is Dibble, 8 and he has kept himself In
office • and .would « keen, himself in forever
as an -'Assemblyman - by ¦ gerrymandering
If he could. <¦: We have . all the Democratic
votes In the district and we will get many
of -the ?Republican '.votes.':.* Mr. Sutro also
told* what -he/hoped ;to be: able t to * dOito
assist -in- the* recodlflcatlon of the Jaws. ¦"
Speeches were made by 8. M. -Marks,- M.
C. * Haley ," : Messrs.- Drum. Barron and oth
ers. f A brass band furnished music.
FRIENDS OP STJTHO.
There Is Likely to Be a Long Contest
as to Jurisdiction to Try
the Teller.
NEW YORK. Oct. SO.-Comellus L. Al
vord Jr., the embezzling note teller of the
First National Bank who was arrested
yesterday In Boston, was arraigned In the
police court here to-day. Fisher A. Baker
counsel for the First National Bank, said
that he had secured a warrant from the
Vnlted States District Court for Alvord a
arrest under the »awsre^laUng embez
zlement and making false entries. He said
heTould much prefer that the prisoner
po before the United States courts for
trial This vat opposed by District Attor
ney Gardiner. Alvord* attorney appar
ently took tittle interest In this part of
$e proceedings. 1 . After some di S cu5sion
the whole matter went over. until to-mor-
r °Alvord was committed to the Tomb^ It
appears probable that there may -be a
long contest as to jurifd cUon. District
Attorney Gardiner apparently being^deter
mined that the prisoner ehall be tried in
a State court- .
ABSCONDEB ALVOBD
COMMITTED TO THE TOMBS
ST. THOMAS. D. W. L. Oct. 20.— At an
extraordinary meeting of the Colonial
Council at St. Crcix. Danish West Indies,
held on Monday, the vice chairman de
nounced the statements made by A. J.
Blackwood. the United States Consul at
St. Crolx and chairman of the Colonial
Council, in an Interview printed in -New
York. October 28. In which Mr. Black
wood wa«* quoted as saying the sentiment
of the people of the Danish West Indies
is strongly in favor of annexation. The
vice chairman nald the allegations made
were opposed to the facts in the case ana
that Mr. Blackwood spoke without the
council's authority.
A resolution was adopted to cable King
Christian of Denmark submissively, ex
pre«£tn« "the wish of the inhabitants to
continue under the Danish crown ana
expressing the belief that annexation to
the United States would be against th<!
wishes of a majority of the inhabitant?.
Some of the member* protested against
the passage of the resolution, but the vice
chairman overruled them. Th*»re was a
torchlight procession Monday night, styled
"The people'! protest." A very large and
orderly crowd, headed by a band of music,
znarche-d through the town.
Citizens of Danish West Indies Op
pose Sale of the Islands
to America.
MAKE KNOWN THEIR
LOYALTY TO DENJIABK
/BIRMINGHAM, Ala., Oct. 30.— At Duke,
sixteen : miles north of Anniston, an 18
year-old colored boy named Abernathy at
tempted a criminal assault on the 14-year
ohi daughter of William Thompson, a sec
tion foreman on the L. and N. road.\*The
negro was captured three hours after
ward. Identified and lynched.' "*
TOLEIX5; Ohio, Oct. SO. — Several mem
bers of the Monclava Rough Rider Club
were seriously Injured as they were board
ing a train at Grand Rapids, : Ohio, to
night after a. political demonstration.
They were attacked by. a mob of toughs.
John Hemp was struck with an iron mis
sile and will die.
Oscar Johnson was. badly. Injured by be
ing struck in the back of th* h*ad with
a piece of Iron. .-•;.-¦¦
The Postmastpr of Presque Isle was also
badly hurt, and a dozen -or more were
slightly InJured.1®!0*aHS»ijfe
NEGRO . BOY IS LYNCHED.
BOUGH RIDERS ASSAILED.
led the march from the station, followed
by a band, after which came the speakers
in carriages, followed by the Woolley
Club of Lebano and almost 1000 local Pro
hibitionists.
Over 1500 persons attended the meeting.
At Williaxn-sport over 1000 persons with a
military band were at the depot to receive
the party. Speeches were made at Mont
gomery. Water,towh. Milton. Northumber
land. Sunbury, MlMersburgr, Halifax and
Dauphin.
dent, In .his early trip across Central
Pennsylvania to-day made a total of sev
enteen stops and eighteen speeches. Har
risburg was reached at 7:50 p. .m. An ex
tenslve_parade anddemonstratlonpreceded
the evening rally, which was held at
Board of Trade Hall. A force of police
HARRISBURG, Pa., Oct. 30.^Tohn O.
Woollpy, Prohibition nominee for Presi-
Makes a Number of Speeches in Cen
' 'V tral Pennsylvania.
CANDIDATE WOOIXEY'S TOTTR.
NEW YORK, Oct. 30.— Miss Fanchon
Thompson made her debut* with the Met
ropolitan English Grand Opera Company
as Carmen in Bizet's masterpiece at the
Metropolitan Opera-house. to-night. Before
the performance Miss Thompson was real
111, but despite the protests of her friends
and her physicians she Insisted upon go-,
Ing ahead with Carmen rather than disap
point the large audience which had been
attracted by the announcement that she
would make her first appearance In this
country. The fact that Miss Thompson
would sing under difficulties was appar
ent, and her effort to avoid a disappoint
ment for the audience was evident to
all. She received many handsome floral
tributes and liberal applause.
In spite of her Illness Miss Thompson
dlnplayed marked dramatic ability, and
although compelled to leave the stage in
the third act. she returned to finish the
exciting fourth,, winning the pronounced
approval of the audience. It was the con
sensus of opinion among the critics pres
ent that with anything like favorable con
ditions Miss Thompson would be a suc
cess.
FANCHON- THOMPSON" MAKES
HEB DEBUT AS CABMEN
Though 111, Rather Than Disappoint
the Audience, Goes On and
Scores a Success.
The election held last night In the Page
street armory for colonel of the First
Infantry Regiment resulted in the choice
Of Lieutenant Colonel Thomas F. O'Neil
for that position. He received twenty
votes of the thirty-six cast. Major Con
nelly nominated O'Neil and-Captain Cun-'
ningham of Company K nominated
Charles Boxton. Colonel A. K. Whitton.
commanding the Fifth Infantry. presided
and after the election of colonel called for
the election of a lieutenant colonel and
major. Major John F. Connelly was
unanimously elected lieutenant colonel
and Captain W. R. Robertson of E Cocj
pany was ur.anlmouslv elected major.
After the election Colonel O'Neil. in
returning his thanks, promised to do his
utmost to bring the regiment up to its
proper standard. He promised that he
would not sanction any move toward hav
ing the companies in the Ellis-street ar
mory transferred to the one on Pago
ptr»vt. There Bcrc addresses by Colonoi
¦\Vhftton. Colonel J. F. Burgln, adjutant
<T the second brigade, and Captain D. A.
Smith, adjutant of the Fifth Infantry-
Lieutenant Colonel Connelly and Major
Rr>b*>rt!»tm also spoke, pledging themselves
t«j assist the new colonel In building up
th*» regiment.
The fight for colonel of the regiment
dates hack to the time when it was reor
par.ized wym its return as the First Cali
fornia Vc.unteers from Manila. Upon the
reorganization it became necessary to
elect a colonel and at that time the choice
fanned to be in favor of Thomas F.
O'Neil. who went away as captain of
Company M and returned .as major. But
. 1118 Broadway, Oct. 30.
j The romantic elopement from Sacra
mento of Ethel David and Charles Flor
ence, who fled from the capital on a tan
dem bicycle a few days ago, has had all
of the flavor knocked out of it by a hard
headed peace officer at Hay wards. Flor
ence landed in the town Jail this morning
after -a tearful separation from his. adored
Ethel, while the young woman went Into
retirement- as soon as the prosaic Inter
ference of the authorities had closed the
chapter. ¦•••¦• •_ . .
To add to the difficulties which beset
the path of this modern young Lochlnvar
his. mother, stern of visage and grim with
determination, arrived at the town jail
at Hay wards this afternoon to communi
cate with the youthful Don Juan who had
so far forgotten the proprieties.
There was a scene with woman's tears
mingled with various expressions of con
trition. No one was willing to make any
complaint against young Florence, so to
night he gained his freedom upon promise
that he would not again seek the young
woman who- had been his companion ."In
the rapid night for love and romance.
Miss David is a couple of years the Ju
nior of her daring sweetheart. They were
neighbors at Sacramento and from there
they fled to Stockton. Intending, they de
clared, to get married. But Florence was
not of legal age. Nothing daunted by the
failure to convince the officials In the
Slough City, Florence and his bride-pros
pective continued their journey toward
Oakland. ..*...., -
Relatives were on their trail and the
country hereabout was flooded with ¦ tele
grams of inquiry for the runaway . pair.
As they were entering Hay wards Town
Marshal Ramage captured the elopers.
With a due regard for the young woman's
feelings Ramage sent her to friends, while
Florence was detained in the town keep.
Mrs. Florence arrived later in response
to summons. She was delegated to make
such a settlement as her Judgment dic
tated. The result was the parting of the
elopers. Florence . headed west for San
Francisco. Miss David says she will re
main at Hay wards until the storm has
blown over. ¦ •
Young Lovers Are Stopped at
Hay wards by a Diligent
Peace Officer.
¦ ¦¦ » —
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
ELOPE ON A
TANDEM WHEEL
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
. 1118 Broadway, Oct. 30. ]
Terror was spread among the .passen
gers on the Oregon express train as il \
neared Sixteenth-street station to-day by
the violent actions of a young colored
p.an who boarded the train at Sulsun.
Th<2 man remained quiet for awhile after
getting on board, but grew res tlss aa the
time passed and soon got beyond con
trol. He rushed through the cars warn
ing the passengers to beware of train rob
bers. When it was seen that the ma,n was
likely to do somebody bodily harm the
trainmen grabbed him and held him in
restraint until the train pulled Into Oak
laud, where he was turned over to the
police and taken to the Receiving Hos
pital. .
"Train robbers, train robbers! Make
youi selves scarce!" was the cry of the
man as lie went from car to car on the
express train. To several passengers of
whom the man made confidants he told
of a conversation overheard In S.uisun of
men who had planned to hold up the
Oregon express. His story was , so
graphic that many of the passengers
thought there must be some foundation
for It and proceeded to hide their valu
ables under the seats and in obscure
i places. The women were badly fright
ened and waited in momentary expecta
tion of being confronted by masked rob
bers.
After awhile it was seen that the man
most to be feared was the colored man
who was spreading the alarm. - He grew
more demonstrative with each passing
moment. At last the trainmen decided to
take a hand. When they approached the
man he urew away from them and yelled
that they were the robbers. The trainmen
were only able to capture the man alter
resorting to craft. It was only after a
desperate struggle that he . was se
cured, as he fought. with the strength of
a maniac. -He was tied to one of the car
seats with ropes, both his hands and feet
being secured. A sigh of relief was
breathed by the terror-stricken passen
gers when Oakland was neared- and the
insane man was taken in charge by Po
lice Officer Kcanlan. On the way to the
Receiving Hospital the negro fought like
a tiger, and it was all three assistants
could do to hold him. ..
At the hospital the man talked ration
ally enough with the exception that he
had train robbers on the brain, of whom
he constantly talked. From papers in
his pockets it was ¦earned that- the ne
gro's name Is Joseph W. Hays. He said
that he served three years In the Twenty
fourth Infantry of colored troops and
three years in the navy. He gave 'his
residence as 512 Folsom street, San Fran
cisco. He will be examined to-morrow.
Young Colored Man Becomes
Insane on the Oregon
Express.
MANIAC SCARES
THE PASSENGERS
MOUNT PLEASANT,- Pa,, Oct. 30.—
Four Italian miners attempted to. rob Pay
Clerk William Hostler of the Southwest
Connellsville Coke Company while ho
was making his trip to-day between thu
city and Alverton with the payroll of the
Alverton and Tarr Works, amounting to
$4000. >
Mr. Hostler is dead, his companion,
Harry. Burgess, messenger of the com
pany, is wounded; two of the Italians ara
dead, a third Is fatally wounded and
fourth is a prisoner in' the jail.
Hostler and Burgess left this city at 1
o'clock this afternoon with the safe con
taining the money to pay off the men at
the Alverton and Tarr Works. Whtu
they reached the summit of the large hill
Just below which lie* Alverton, a largo
coke- town, -without a second's warning
four Italians fired a volley from their
hiding place and sprang forward, firing
as they advanced. Mr. Hostler, fell, dead,
at the first volley. Young Burgess,
though wounded, was able to return the
robbers' fire with effect and one of tbe
number at the horses' heads fell. dead.
A sedond later Burgess fired his revolver
in the face of another and as the thief
fell his two remaining companions became
terrified and, leaving ihe dead one, &ct
out with the wounded one over the hill
to the south. -
Burgess managed to drive on Into Al
verton with the body* of Mr. Hostler and
the fate, where he gave the alarm. Mount
Pleasant • and vicinity, with | the clerical
force of-, the coke company, turned out d00
strong and soon corralled the two robber*,
who hRd concealed themselves In a field on
theDurstlln farm, a mile from this- town.
A Eummons to surrender was answered
by a volley, in which one of the posse re
ceived a slight wound in the chest. The
outlaws were fortified and made. a fierce
stand until one of the posse succeeded. in
getting to their rear. He shot one through
the head, killing him. ' The other surren
dered . and was brought to the office of
Squire Rhodes and remanded to Jail. ¦
In the meantime another division of the
posse I overhauled the ' third robber, "who
had received a ghastly wound. The ball,
entering his mouth, penetrated his head
and came out at the back of his neck. Ho
is not expected to recover.
Attempt of Miners to Steal
Pay Roll Foiled by a
Brave Clerk.
CASHIER DEAD
BUT MONEY SAFE
Colonel O'Neil entered the National
Guard as a private In Battery H of the
old Second Artillery August 6, 1S75, and
rope successively to corporal, sergeant,
first sergeant, second lieutenant, first
lieutenant and then captain of the bat
tery August 29, 18S8. »He held that posi
tion until December 9. 1835, when he be •
came captain of Company M. First In
fantry. In 1898 he went to the front, re
turned as major and then became lieu
tenant colonel of the new First Infantry'.
But changes come with time and so it
was In this case. Colonel Duboce never
had an opportunity to command his regi
ment of National Guardsmen. He nassed
away and not long after that there sprang
up a feeling' of opposition to Lieutenant
Colonel O'Neil. It was apparent that tho
implied compact would not be carried out
aa to the colonelcy. Charles Boxton, who
returned from Manila as lieutenant colo
nel of the volunteer regiment, was sug
gested as possible colonel of the reorgan
ised First. Then came a counting 1 of
noses of those entitled to vote and Th?
Call announced two weeks ago that O'Neil
had twenty votes pledged to him, which
prediction was verlnVJ by last night's,
election.^ •¦•• »••»*
a feeling of sentimentality prevailed, for
at that time Colonel Victor D. Duboco.
who was colonel, was sick unto death. It
was known that Duboco had always ha i
a military ambition and that was to be
the colonel of the. First Infantry Regi
ment of the National Guard of California.
To pratify his ambition Major O'Neil
"drew out" and was content to • be the
lieutenant colonel, it being generally un
derstood that as soon as Colonel Duboce
passed away he would without contest
be chosen colonel.
COLONEL THOMAS F. O'NEIL., WHO WILL STRIVE TO REHABILI
TATE THE GALLANT FIRST AND BRING IT TO THE STANDARD
OF NATIONAL GUARD EFFICIENCY.
OAKLAND. Opt. 30.— "Hurrah for
Map and Teddy! All I want is a
full dinner pall. • Mac! Teddy!
Full dinner p-a-1-1! Hurrah!"
j . Motorman F. S. Fender of the
Haywarfls electric road was startled with
this cry Issuing from apparently directly
In front of his car last evening. Fender
had charge of car 13 of" the main line run
and it was slipping along at a high rate
of speed along Thirteenth street, near
Alice
Fender applied his brakes with all his
power and expected to find a man under
his car, for the cries came from directly
in front cf the vehicle.
"Gimme a full dinner pell, came the
last despairing cry as Fender checked his
OXFORD PROFESSOR
REACHES BERKELEY
Louis Dyer, A. M , Will Lecture on Result of
J v Excavations Made in Crete.
Polly Startles Motorman V/ith Campaign Slo
gans \y hile Car Rushes Through- the Night. -
FROM HEADLIGHT PARROT
PROCLAIMS PROSPERITY
and Robertson Major.
11
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SENT FREE TO MEN!
A Most Remarkable Remedy That
. Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
A Free Trial Paekagre Sent by Hall
to All Who Write.
Free trial packages of a most remarka-
ble remedy are being mailed to all who
will write the' State Medical Institute.
They cured so many men who had bat-
tled for years against the mental and
physical suffering of lost manhood that
the Institute has decided to distribute
free "trial packages to all who' write. It
Is a home treatment, and all men who
suffer from any form of sexual weakness
resulting from- youthful felly, premature
loss of strength 'and memory, weak back,
varlcocele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at home.
The • remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development just where It Is needed
It cures all the ills and troubles that corns
from years of misuse of the natural func-
tions and has been an absolute success In
all cases. A request to the State Medical
Institute. 33 Elektron building. Fort
Wayne. Ind.. stating that you desire one
of their free trial packages, will be com-
piled with promptly.. The Institute Is <!»»
slrous of reaching that great class of men
who are unable to leave home to be treat-
ed, and the free sample will enable them
to see how easy It Is to be cured ~* sex-
ual weakness when the proper remedies
are employed. .The Institute makes no re-
strictions. Any man who writes will bo
sent a free sample, carefully, sealed in a
plain package, so that its recipient need
have no fear of embarrassment or oubUo-
lty. .- Headers axe requested to write with-
out d«l»J.IHE SAlS r FRANCISCO CAJLIj, . WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 31, 1900.
12
SAX FHA>CISCO C.» **~
BUSINESS OFFICE of The Fun rrsnc1»o»
Call, corner cf Market and Third streets, cpen
until 12 o'clock every nlfht In the ye»r.
BRANCH OFFTCES-CS: Montrosner>- vtreet.
corner Clay: <r*a until t:M p. m.
WO Hares rtreet: open until S:SO r "»¦
C» Me A ;'.:m it street; open until >:»fr»
GS Larkln strwt; cr*n ur.t!l *:« r. m.
1M1 Mlsiicn «reet: open until 10 r. m.
r»l Market »tre#t. corner sixteenth: open
M'.A'A t r ¦ m.
lf< Eleven*. n ttrrrt; cpen «*:tll • P> "»•
1CK Valencia street: *r*a «" t!l 'P- 111
Northwest wrwr Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky rtr*-rt«: ttp+Ti anttl 9 t*- P>-
~ M CKTI > »f NOTIOKS.^
S!Of\T Monai I.vts* N>. 44, F. and •
A^M -M W ;:^ THIS (WEDNESDAY) J\^
f\::N!N>:. *-. •¦ - P'rlock. Third J^- it^T
sree. THEO. FKOUCIt Sec. /^r>
CROCKETT U£sx Nf 1». F. and A. •
V. —Third drew THIS EVENING.
October SI. at 7:33 o'clock. By order T\X
c* «>? W. M. . JI. FORT1UEDE. Sec. '
hxCJELf'OR lxMige Na 16«, F. and A. •
M.-i?;vc'.al meeting THIS (WEDNES- J\^
I>AY» EVENING. Oct. SL at 7:30 jtyC
e'd.x-k. Kjrot <Vgree. ' ~
THEO. K. SMITH. Secretary.
MISSION Lodge No. l«J. F. and A. M— ft
Called Tweeting THI3 (WEDNESDAY) »#V.
EVENING »: 7:3 o'clock. Thirl de- 7SL3T
free. CEO. D. FLACK. S<?oretary. /V^
MEMBERS of Brctherhood of Teamsters are
t-erer-y notified to attend the next meetir.s.
THURSDAT EVHNING. Nov. L D00. to elect
a walk.lt:* celejraie.
JOHN McLACGHLIX. Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
cei\-ed arpllcations to mine by the hydraulic
rroe^ss from the Cataract and Wide West
Oravel Slin'.nr Co.. In the Wide West Gravel
Mine, near Eho. Ca!«veras Co.. to deposit
tallinirs ln North Outlet and Prospect Gulch;
from H. Slelphter ar.d Thomas Harper, la the
Baa Francisco Mine, near Todd. Placer Co..
to depc*:t tailing* in Dardsnelies Canyon;
from Charles S. Deisen. ln the Riffle Point
Mlr.e. at Grass Flat. Sierra Co.. to deposit
tailings in Grass Flat Ravlre; from Georee
FlUfc-eraJd. la the Lone Star Mine, near Crom-
bert-, Plusias Co.. K depcslt tailings ln Jack-
son Creek; frcm G. A. and F. W. Brucker-
xnan. ln the Renaissance Mine, near Howlacd
Flat. Sierra Co.. to deposit taliinrs la a
worked-out pit: from J. R. Bell sad A. B.
Jacks, ln the Raiper Hill Mine, near Spanish
Ranch. Plumas Co.. to deposit tailinrs ln
Wcltlock Ravine: from W. T. Sherman and
O. F. Caya. ln the Lest Chance Mine, near
Port Wine, Sierra Co.. to deposit tailings ln
French Ravine: frcm C. H. Klcgsbury. In the
Oonrer Gulch Gravel Mine, near Ipo. Shasta
Co.. to deposit tailings ln Dry Cre«k: from
John McGrath. ln the Independent Mine, near
Bt. Louis. Sierra Co.. to depoe'.t tailinrs ln
Bears Ravine, and from J. F. Cowdery. in
the Caandlervllle Mine, near St. Louis. Sierra
Co.. to deposit tallinrs ln Sackets Gulch.
rives notice that a meeting will be held at
room ts Flood bulldlnr. San Francisco, CaL,
on November 12. 1P00. at 1 JS3 p. m.
AGEXTS WANTED.
AGENTS wanted; ladies or gentlemen ln every
county and town en the Pacific Coast; can
easily make $43 a week; household invention
that every one needs. For particulars address
room 61. 916 Market St., Fan Francisco, Cal.
LADY and eentiemen asents; something new
and food; everybody uses; sell quick. Call
bet. S and 10 a. ro.. 40S 13th St., near Valencia.
TO sell campaign novelty: Roosevelt hat badge;
laree rrof.ty. WHITE & WOEBKE. 8 Pine st.
ASPHAI.TIM KOOKIXG.
J. PELTIER, asphalt rooflnj. «i4ewalks; cellar
floors laid, repaired: postal. 11SS Mission st.
ASTKOLOGV.
IIMeT ~HICi3li'v— Aetroicgist; horoscopes. Me;
card reading and palmistry. 25c. 1S33 Mission.
AITOU\EVS AT LAW.
R. W. KING, attorney at law. 9!7 Market St.,
room fT:— Estates, damages, attachments,
bankruptcy, collections; all cases; fair fees;
no advance charges ; money loaned on estates.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fe« without success: collections. G. W.
HOWE, any at law. SoO Market, cor. Stockton.
I. EDW. JARRETT. Hearet bldg.. Third and"
Msrket sts.; phone Red £262.
FREE advice; dlvorre laws, damages, estates,
collections J. A. Mitchell. 814 Montgomery.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. -W.
W. Davidson. 927 Market St., opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Epreckels bid*.. 927 Mar-
ket >t. : consultation free: no fees in advance
BATH CABINETS.
ROBINSON. Nlarara. Perfection and others.
W. S. nP.OWN rp.. agency. 426 Ellis St.. S.F.
BICYCLES— For Sale or Eichanee.
ALLEN sells 1300 Columbia chaJniesrTeoTchain
J40; ordinary bicycles cheaper. 301 Larkln
rt. and 1S66 to 1S70 Pace st. • .-.
BOARDING FOR CUILDKEN.
A WOMAV who has a sunny flat, near school,
would like some children to board; a mother's
care. Address 452 Clipper 6t., near Diamond.
GOOD home for 2 children; terms reasonable;
furnished room for parent. 249 Shipley st.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— SS50; SALOON, ettab. many years, on Fourth
St.. rent J1S: 3 living rooms; place located
close to factories where 150 men employed;
a epIenCid chance and bargain. Particulars
R. G. WILKE. 264 Kearny gt,
A— fiALOON cpp. Hall of Justice; J years'
lease: low rent; splendid bargain; Investigate
and buy at once; rare chance. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26S Kearny ct.
A— W50; RESTAURANT on Market st.; rent
j:S: a good-paying place: sickness of wire
compels owner to sell. See R. G. WILKE
264 Kearny et.
A— J300; BUTCHER shop, with horse and cart,
ln beet location of Western Addition: place
established for years and doing a first-class
business; a splendid chance for any man.
Call R. G. .WILKE. 26 H Kearny st,
A-J1250; SALOON with 10 furnished rooms:
close to Hall of Justice; place established
many years and doing a good business; owner
encaged otherwise cause of sale; a bargain.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26'j Kearny st.
A-JIOOQ; LEADING saloon; located between
wholesale houses, insurance and mercantile
offices; place established 49 years; known as
one oj the best whisky bars ln this city. Call
R. G. WILKE. 2CH Kearny Et.
A— JXO; SALOON and boarding-house with 10
furnished rooms on water front; rent 143* 2
years' lease; a rood business. See R *G
WILKE. £6S Kearny st.
A-J350; CORNER ealoon in wholesale district;
place estab. years; good paying: no night or
Sunday work. R. G. WILKE. 26V4 Kearny st.
A — £250; QIGAR store w!tn 4 rooms; r»nt J25-
place clearing $75 per month. R. G. WILKE
26J* Kearny st.
HOTEL, city; a!l new furniture: newly pa-
pered and painted: clears 1200 monthly; ble
inducement to right party; »3000; easy terms.
Butcher ehop; established 7 years- owner
has 2 shops and will 6eU either; $300 and $500;
both doing a good business.
RHEIXHOLD & SKIRM.
9r7 Market St.. 2d floor, room 21*.
MOO-CHICKEN business; 400 chickens; tools-
horse; 2 wagons; rent $12 mo. Baslle, S Eddy!
$1000— S A LOON : noar Market: central- fun
vaJue stock: cause sickness. BASILE. 3 Eddy.
LOANS on all kinds of brlc-a-brac, statuary
curios, wedjrewood, Dresden ware, ivorys'
bronzes, silver ware and all articles of vaiue'
lowest interest: private entrance and room-
perfect secrecy: phone Brown 246: established
1S5L UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
¦WE print visiting cards, any style. 24c 100 or
• business cards, 75c 1000; bfg commission or
salary to agents everywhere. Eastern Import
Agents' Supply Co.. 112S Market St.. S. F.
SALOON ln wholesale district; rent J50; good
corner: doing a good business; price ISM
FCHWEINHARD & CO.. 817 Market st. bet
Fifth and Sixth; phone Mint OIL
«360— PARTNER wanted ln a light manufac-
turing buslnefs; sure profit 175 a month to
ezch. DONNELLY & CO.. C32 Market «t.
J140&-RESTAURANT; best paying- in city: trial
given; rent JM. Apply D. IT. McRAE. S37
Mission Bt. .
M. GRIFFIN. 71S Market, r. L
sells all kinds cf businesses. See him.
WANTED— BriKht. Intelligent man with some
capital to take balf Interest and entire charge
of an established branch detective offlce in
Seattle; will guarantee J200 per month clear
for his Investment; plenty of business and
firct-clajis fixtures. Boi 2737. Calf offlce.
KIRST-CLAFS money making business for sale-
office fitted up and J1400 worth of stock on
hand; $200 cash and remainder can be paid
out ol the business; reason for selling slck-
ness. Vox 27SI. Call office.
GREAT bargain: Al day saloon ln the best
business locality; fair business for the last
IS years: trial allowed for investigation-
price tl300; no agenL Box 2713. Call office.
A I-ROOM private rooming-bouse; furnished-
all tn rood order: for- sale cheap; no agents!
1223 Folsom st.. rear. Eighth.
FOR sal*— Corner cigar stand and stationery;
fRtabl. 2 years; cheap. 22» Montgomery ave.
INSIDE route on this paper for sale. A«mly
CALL business office.
RARE business chance; day saloon: rent cheap;
bo ag-eats. 200 Clay; wholesale district.
BCSIXCSS CHAXCES—^CONTINUED.
A — OOAL. wood «nd frrain business: flne loca-
tion: snap. COWING & CO.. 719 Market st.
A-ROOMING-HOUPE; flne location; bargain
U)l» day. See COWING & CO.. 719 Market St.
a-^H'H: store: good location: clears $5CO to $600
mo.; bargain. COWING & CO.. 719 Market st.
A— GROCERY and bar; best ever offered for
F a!e. COWING & CO.. 719 Market st^
A— SALOON downtown: money maker; come
QUlck. COWING A- PP., 719 Market St.
A— SODA water business for one-half Its value;
flckncss. COWING & CO., 713 Market st.
A— LIVERY and boarding stable; park location;
K-vod chance. COWING & CO., 719 Market st.
A— PLUMBING shop: fine location: enap for
i pood man. OOWING & CO.. 719 Market st.
I A— RESTAURANT in best part of city: must
be eold this dn.y. COWING, 719 Market Et.
A— BAKERY; clearing $300 per month; snap.
COWING & CO.. 719 Market st.
WANTED— A partner with some cash; manu-
facturing: exclusive business: Rood money
I from the start: will bear investigation. Call
or write HERRICK. 651 Randolph st.. Napa.
ifSXrfSTBADY youns man, experienced In pro-
eery business, can learn a splendid opening:
established trade. Particulars Wostern Land
j Co.. 640 Market st^ ,
! HALF Interest in restaurant and coffee houee.
i 413 Market st.; grand offer for right man;
i (-ervlng ZOO fcr lunch; small rent; everything
new; trial allowed for Investigation.
' JOB printing— A well equipped Job printing
I plant fcr sale; or will sell a half Interest to
| i.» ur-tc-date Job printer. Address box 447,
j San Jose. CaL
' J41XV— BRANCH bakery, candy, notions, grocer-
j ies, etc.; flr.e location: 6 living rooms; no
apcr.ts. Address box 2750, Call offlce.
! BUTCHER ehop: corner; good business; splen-
did fixtures: Icehouse; must be aold. Corner
Seventeenth and Sanchez sts.
$10.000— SOUND Investment; one of the best-
rayir.c merchandise businesses ln Oakland;
established for years: safe and profitable In-
vestment: half cash, balance ln property. K.
E. BUNCE. 952 Broadway, Oakland.
$<ro— RESTAURANT; flne morning and evening
trade; ln complete running order: present
owner 4 years; investigate. 233 Sixth et. '
RESTAURANT and chicken ranch, both ln
good running order: incubators and brooders
Inquire 2137 Center St.. East Berkeley.
! STATIONERY acd notion store for sale; three
I living rooms; laundry office; no a cents. «10
Turk st.
OYSTER and chop house; well fitted up; 2 fur-
nished rooms;, doing pood business; going
East; no agents. 162 Third st.
j GROCERY and bar in good location; stock ln
Fight for full purchase price. W. L. HAR-
PER, 313 Examiner building.
FOR sale— $600: fine restaurant on K et.; good
patronage: terms reasonable. Address R.,
P. O. box SSO. Sacramento, Cal. '->,..%-.¦
GOOD-PAYING business for sale ln a flourish-
ing town. Address C M. W.. £.02 Virginia at.,
Vallejo. Cal.
I FINE large store to let on O'Farrell St., near
Powell; suitable for any business; cheap rent.
I Apply at 15 Grant ave.
i WANTED— Country hotel for cash; state full
¦ particulars. Address Business, box 3S79, Call.
j BARBERS— 3-chalr shop for sale; account go-
Ing East. 14 Turk et.
• SALOON for sale: opposite the ferry. Apply
111 East st., north of Market; no agents.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2W Fillmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. ¦
LODGl.NG-HOLSES FOR SALE.
711 Market st.. room 1. near Call building.
Downtown flat, rent $25, elegant fur $250
14 rooms, full, rent $10, snap 350
30 rooms, rent $100. Income $229. all men.. 1700
26 rooms, new hard wood, central corner.. 1800
-l rooms, always full, rent $S5 950
Abstract free. Money to loan at lowest rate.
a ROOMS; rent $27 50 (cheap) $450
2d rooms; rent $50 (corner) 600
15 rooms: rent $60 (central) 900
90 rooms; rent $100 (paying) 2700
60 rooms: rent $2S0 (Market) 5500
Large list of houses. Money loaned buyers
at 2 per cent. SCHWEINHARD & CO..
Phone Mint 1911. 917 Market, bet. 6th and 6th.
BARGAINS to-day; come early.
House of 8 rooms; $300: Howard st.
House of 70 rooms; $3?00.
House 36 rooms: Golden Gate: $1600.
House 10 rooms; $600; must be sold to-day.
House of IS rooms; J5C0.
House 34 rooms; Geary; $3500.
NATIONAL REAL ESTATE CO., 3 Eddy st
A-H-ROOM rcomlnfr house; central .'.$1000
IO-rootn house; first class 1050
11-room house; $475; 6-room flat 325
20-rocra house: Eddy; rent $7t; only 900
FISHER & CO.. 1032 Market st
FURNISHED house of 7 rooms for sale cheap;
rooms all full. 1315 Stockton st.
$1L<V- BARGAIN; 14 rooms; lodging-house. Ap-
ply 439 Pupont ft.
CARItlAGUS AM) WAGONS.
i ~-~~— , ., „
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON, 2117 Mission it.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, fcr sale cheap. I3t Mission.
] NEW Sc Id-hand wairons. buggies, carts & har-
ress. work A drivine horses. 15th & Valencia.
SPIRITUALISM.
ARRIVED — Mrs. Dr. Farnbam, world-renowned
eplrltual medium; advice ln all affairs of life,
i lawsuits, divorces, deaths; unites the sepa-
rated; mining a specialty; clrs.Sun.,Wed..Frl.
I ev's: come and be convinced. (Permanently)
i 612 Eddy St.. bet. Hyde and Larkln: no sign.
! UHS. MAXWELL, spiritual circle to-night. 8
o'clock; convincing test; readings daily. 123S
| Howard st. *
I EDWARD EARLE will hold a business teance
to-night- 12% Powell st. : 50c.
EDWARD EARLE, psychic, 12S Powell St.;
hours. 9 to 6; Sunday at K. of P. Hall.
j MME. JOHNSON, business ind test medium;
circle every night; read, dally. llgaVj Mlsalon.
I MME. MARQUISE, 5 Hyde st., sittings daily;
| clr. to-night, 8. 10c; messages frm. spirit friends.
MATCHETT. circle to-night. S o'clock: test to
all. lCc; readings dally. 132 Fourth st.
MRS. KOTTER'S circle jo-nlght; test to all,
10c; sittings dally; ladles. 60c; gents, $1. 24 6th.
MRS. LESTER, medium and palmist. E21 Turk
St.; circles Sun.. Tues.. Frl.. 8 p. m.. 25c.
CONSULT Watson. 15S1 Mkt., nr. 12tn; famous
I rnedium aR<i palmist; advice infallible; 23c up.
I FRIENDSHIP Hall. 235 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer, sittings; convincing teats to-night; 10c.
BUSINESS medium. 2508 Otis St.. bet. Mason &
Russell. Ashby sta., S. BerLeley; sit, dally.
MME. MAJORS, clfted spirtual medium.
healer and card reader. 182 Sixth st.. room 1.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, busi-
ness medium, life reader: sittings tl. 1104 Mkt.
CLAXttVOYAXTS.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, bom with double veil & second sight-
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles
60c. gent $1; palm and clalr. sit $1 SO. 126 Turk.
MR £ . E " SAN ' DER S. *14 Taylor st.. near Geary
-Clairvoyant, palmist and business .'medium;
ladles circle Thurg.. 2 p. m.; Frl., g; dr., 25c.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, opp.
6th : private readings dally. 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MRS. J. LYTTON, clairvoyant and card reader;
readings 50c; sitting, $i : every afternoon ex-
cept Sunday. 110 Turk st.: no Rign.
LINCOLN, occult student and clairvoyant; the
wonder of the age; consult him; you will never
regret It. Parlors 125 Turk st.
JUST returned, MRS. E. L. DAVIS, dalrvoy-
f 11 }; ca £? rcaaer : mental questions answered;
ladleg. 25c; gents. SOc 34 Sixth St., room^T
MME. BERNARD, reads life fluently; advice
* e^ ln « " afra!r » ln Mfe : satisfaction guar-
anteed: 25c up. 17 Third st.. next Examiner.
MM !£- VALEBN. clalr... card reader, palmist;
lucky charms. 25c up. 215 Leavenworth sU
lst and card reader; 25c and SOc, 7 Seventh.
1S^^ CAi Hi nOii - <=l*lrvoyant. card reader.
trance medium; 25c up.823Mlsslon st.:ring bell!
~« **«**¦•
MRS. MELVILLE, well-known clairvoyant wa-
ter reader, moved to 11 Sixth; German s°oken.
"n^ii™* 1 -^ 1^^' c J? lrvov ant «¦><! business
nr.odlum. 4i5 Golden Gate ave.
M^!^< A , UGl fST. clairvoyant, card reader and
Palmletry; truth or no pay; 25c. up M i g g" n :
M «dvTci^m»" NA i read i Ufe flu » nt 'y= business
amice, names given; 25c up. S Fourth st.
CHIROPODISTS^ ~~
B H?i*n? NS> tn * rown n a»8. cornT^bsolute^urT
txtlnless; consult' n free. Dr. Huncan. 415 Suiter!
u^OLLECTIOX OFFICES.-
GEORGE W. "KELTYTA^cT^o^s^gTur
less successful. Room 310. 827 Market^.*
L CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
STANDARD. 313 Guerrero — Curtains and blan-
~ kets renovated. 25c per pair: carpets cleaned.
3c yd; laying a specialty. Phone Mission 106.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULD ING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
lng Works. ¦ 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 5c
gTRATTOX'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth St.: tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. SS-40 Sth st.; tel. South 250.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel Main 391. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate ave. ; telephone East 126.
COTTAGES TO LET.
$10 — COTTAGE 3 sunny rooms; yard; water.
134 Rose, ave., between Gough and Octavla.
? DENTISTS. ' '__•_*___
ATTh^~E^JECTRO^E7?TAl[r^LYNlcTloT~Mar^
ket st.. csor. 4th. nn. 7, Flood bids., you can
have your extractions done painlessly: teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
J3 60 up; plates, extractions free, $4 60 up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. G. \V. WILLIAMSON. M. P.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, platee, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my won-
derful tecret, painless method; 20 years' ex-
perience: no students: advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE.W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell Bt.
A NEW plate, the unbreakable Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns and bridge-
work; teeth without a- plate; fllllpgs. - 60c;
crowns. $3 £0; plates, full set, $5 00; all work
fialnless and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
ors, 24 Sixth et.
"MAIN Offlce" New York Dental Parlors. 1019
Market et., bet. Sixth and Seventh; consult
us on crowns and bridges; teeth extracted
positively and absolutely without pain.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting, 60c; gas given.
LOWEST prices charged for conscientious work
executed by graduate dentists at Standard
Dental Parlors, r. 64. Murphy bldg., 1236 Mkt.
PARIS Dental Parlor. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
LOWEST prices In S. F.; painless extraction,
EOc. New York Dentists, 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St., corner Sixth. •
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G. YOUNG.
1S41 Polk Et. _^
DOG HOSPITALS. _^
DR. BUZARD'S dog hospital. Post, Fillmore—
Advice and medicine, 75c: city visits, $1 50; all
animals treated: dogs boarded. Tel. West 636.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
FAIRFIELD'S Millinery Academy; call and ex-
amine work; send for circular. 1236 Market.
ACCORDION pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
Ing. pinking. 121 Post. overO'Connor&Moffatt.
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School;
private class; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
S. F. Dressmaking, Ladies' Tailoring and Mil-
Unery School; French system. 411 Van Nees.
EpUCATIONAL.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott Bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand; reportorlal phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping; full course, $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post St.,
8. F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
and night sessions; new SO-page catalogue free.
BOOKKEEPING or shorthand— If you want\to
le&rn ln a limited time, take private lessons
from an experienced teacher. M. W. COR-
NELL, room 53, Thurlow block, 126 Kearny st.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St.; day
and evening; individual instruction, $8 per
month: life scholarship, $50: bookkeeping,
shorthand, telagraphy, etc.; catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
; school for the university, law and medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
HE failed because he did* not learn bookkeep-
ing in short time of Expert TARR. 220 Par-
rott building; be wise.
SPANISH classes day and evening, 305 Larkln
st., cor. McAllister: 4 lessons a week, $3 a
month; also private. PROF.F. M. VIZCAINO.
MISS M. O. BARRETT. Shorthand Academy;
lessons by mall; acknowledged by official re-
porters best teacher, best system. 302 Montgy.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market St.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec, mining, mech., sur-
vey, acsay. cyanide, arch. : day. eve. : est. 1864.
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
FRENCH, Spanlrh, etc. Prof. DeFlllppe's Academy
of Languages.320 Post ;establd.lS71;ablest profs.
SPANISH. French. German, singing, piano, $2
mo.: hours. 2-4. 6-8. 1236 Market, rma. 119-117.
MUNSON School Shorthand, Typing, Bookkeep-
ing, Spanish. 137 Mont'y, E. M. Carpenter, pr.
MR. and MRS. D. MANSFIELD, music studio;
violin, guitar, mandolin, banjo. 1836 Eddy st.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION-Nlght class. 4N Pine tt.
CALIFORNIA Business College is again en-
larging quarters. Come see us. 305 Larkln st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.. day or eve.: Jj mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMrL.OY.MKXT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; estab. ovef 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post St.. near Powell; telephone Bush 135.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Office;
best help furn.; tel. John 21ZL SOSH Stockton.
FRED WAMATS. Japanese, Chinese contractor;
emp. offlce. 644 California: tel. James 2601.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
llce; all kinds help. 815 Stockton: Main 2138.
JAPANESE Housecleanlng Co.— Walters, copks,
dishwashers; est. IS 90. 1026 Oak; tel. Page 547.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. offlce — Best help
furn.; domestic serv. 417 Powell; tel. Bush 876.
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce — Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black5072.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Offlce —
Best help. 411H O'Farrell St.: tel. East 420.
EM l'LOYM I2.VI' WAN i'lUD — KEM ALkT
GERMAN nurseglrl and German second girl
wish positions ln same family; 2 young girls,
ages li and 17, wish situations to assist houso.
work: all can be seen ln our offlce between
10 and 11 o'clock to-day; also nurseglrl wishes
situation, care of one child. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary st. ¦
A PROTESTANT, woman, first-class cook, ex-
cellent baker, understands housekeeping thor-'
I oughly. will take full charge for a young or
elderly couple; references If required. 2S3H
Clara St.. near Sixth. •
MIDDLE-AGED German woman wishes situa-
tion for general housework or as housekeeper;
can speak Uerman only. Call or address 756
Howard St. • .
GERMAN cook and man helper or dishwasher
want place together in hotel, restaurant or
boardlng-houEe; city or country. 242 Natoma
Bt., basement.
SITUATION wanted by a first-class cook ln a
private family, wages $35 to- $40; several
years' references. Address, box 2749, Call.
GIRL wants position to do second work; wages
$15 to $20. Call 266 Tenth St.. Swedish Baptist
Church. ¦ ;•-.-¦
DRESSMAKER from "City of Paris" will go
out by the day, $2 50. 1514 Geary St., near
Laruna. '] • . ,
GIRL would like position for housework and
ccoklng; sleep home; wages $13. 99 Bay View
ave.. South San Francisco. •
YOUNG Danish jlrl wishes place in nice re-
spectable family; housework; no children; $15.
*-C14 Second st. •
MIDDLE-AGED GERMAN woman with girl of
6 wishes situation as cook or general house-
work; city or country. 646B Natoma st.
RKSPECTABLK : lady, good cook, wishes posi-
tion as housekeeper; good core "of children.
Call at 6S.-76 Ellis et., room 63, bet. 1-3 p. m.
YOUNG. lady wishes a position to do upstairs
work and care for children. Box 2739, Call. •
DIIKSSMAKER wishes work by the day. 437
Golden Gate ave.
A WOMAN wishes a position as working house-
keeper or lady's nurse. 73 Tehama st.
A WIDOW wishes > a position as a working
housekeeper... Apply to 668 Mission st.
YOUNG lady wishes situation - to do light
housework or care of child. 323H Third st.
WANTED — A situation In a private exchange
"¦ by a young lady with experience, f Address 106
Bernard at.
NEAT, respectable Protestant as second girl In
¦ quiet American -family across the bay. Call
at 41S Third St.- .-'¦.... r
GERMAN girl ¦ wishes' a position;. $20 per
month; housework and cooking. . 723A Te-
hama St. "*. ; : '\. '¦¦ :/ . . ', .'._.¦ :
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket— 200 . rooms; ! I5c to $1 10 night. .¦ $1 50 to . tt
week; convenient; and < respectable; -. free • 'bus
and baggage .; to and ; from , ferry. .><... ¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
¦ received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore.
EMPLOYMENT .WANTED — MALE.;
WANTED— By November 1. position as chore-
¦man; thoroughly sober," Industrious;- under-
stands steam heating; gardener; can milk, do
carpenter work; private place, hotel or school
¦ where r a good . man ls required. Address F.
H.. 631 Sacramento st. room 134. , . -' " V
YOUNG man violinist wishes musical : work:
dance work; sporting house or -saloon work
accepted; fine tone; plays by note only; terms
very : reasonable. Box 3878. Call. •¦,.-*•
STRONG man, 30. does not use liquor nor to-
bacco, wants steady work of any kind; low
wages. Box 2751. Call offlce. '. ¦ , .
YOUNG man who has had experience want*
position as second cook or helper. Box 2752,
Call, of flee. . . . . '¦ -
YOUNG German wants position as porter: un-
derstands gardening work; best references.
Box 273$. Call offlce. ' ¦ ' ¦ ".
STEADY young man, understands the care .of
horses, desires a position as coachman or
gardener; understands milking cows; city or
country; references. .THOMAS, Ahlborn
House,- 321 Grant ave. : " ¦ '• ' i
SITUATION wanted by competent man to take
care of garden; horses and make himself use-
ful around private place; can care for sick
party. Box 3S63. Call otflce. . "-
MAN speaking English, Portuguese. Spanish
and understands French and Italian wishes a
position- In city 'or country at any kind of
work. 334 Pine st. '_
PAINTER and . decorator, first-class non-union
man. desires steady or long Job: willing to
work cheap if steady work can be had.
Painter, box 4143. Call offlce.
YOUNG man, well educated in English and
German, desires position of any kind: refer-
ences and security given. J. SHILLINO, 1581
Valencia st.
EXPERIENCED, reliable cigar clerk wlshe*
steady place; reasonable salary;; best refer-,
ences. Address box 4118. Call offlce.
MAN ar.d wife about 30 want situations on
ranch or private place; sober and trustworthy;
references. Box 3601. Call office.
EXPERIENCED cook wants position ln hotel
or mining camp; country; state wages and
fare. Box 38S0. Call office.
ORCHARD superintendent wants position or
will rent on shares. Addrees box 1634, Wal-
nut Creek. , •
BARKEEPER, also lunchman and waiter wish
situations in saloon. F. F., 458 Natoma st.
STATIONARY engineer wishes position. Ad-
dress box 3830. Call offlce.
JAPANESE young boy wants a position to do
plain cooking ln private family. H. HASHI,
1225 Devlaadero St.. tel. Jackson 330.
FIRST-CLASS Chinese cook and laundryman
wants situation; city or country. Address
Chinese Cook. 616 Front st.. S. F.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 FlUmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at lOit
Valencia st. ¦-'¦¦ - '¦'
EXPERT OPTICIANS. .
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
Justed. N. Manasse, oculist optician. 910 Mkt.
FLATS TO LET.
A— SNAP; 2 cozy flats of 3 rooms; 10 days free;
$9 per month. 650A and 650C Jessie st.
FLAT with 6 rooms and bath; rent $22. 631
McAllister st. ¦___
DOLORES St., between Twenty-third i and
Twenty-fourth; flne flat of 7 rooms and bath;
key there. Apply to C. S. CAPP & CO.. Real
Estate Agents. 630 Market St.
BAY-WINDOW- flat of 3 rooms; sunny; rent
$12 60; water free. 1365 Sacramento st.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
NATOMA. 714, bet. 8th and 9th-Flat of 4
rooms, yard and cellar; rent $10; no children.
UPPER flat, 5 nice sunny rooms; large cellar;
rent reasonable. 710% Clementina st.
$15— MODERN upper flat. 4 large sunny rooms,
bath, j.1312 Broderick St., near Geary.
6 SUNNY rooms; 900 Bryant st., cor. Seventh;
cheap; apply corner, between 1 and 3p. m.
$7— 4-ROOM flats on Victor st.. oft Bryant, bet.
7th and Sth. Inquire at grocery. 941 Brvant.
FLATS WANTED.
A— NOTICE: owners attention*. We guarantee
to rent gocd houses and flats ln three to flf-
teen days. A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $48 60, with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Mar-
ket St.: telephone South 637.
FCH.MTVKE WANTED. /
CH AS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market St.; tel. Jessie 761.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission sL, pays highest
price for second-hand furniture: tel. Red 1354.
ALWAYS "phone John 1041 before selling your
furniture. Standard Furn. Co., 745 Mission.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 1305 Larkln; tel Polk 691.
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot ca-ah.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.), buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission: tel. Red 3353.
HELP t. ANTED— FEMALE.
cTrT IL\^^E>T&^cd"?.T.7rr. . Phone GranTlSS
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
8 waitresses - for first-class commercial ho- ¦
tels. $20; 2 waitresses. Salt Lake City, $20 and
bonus; 2 waitresses, city hotel. $25; 2 wait-
resses, city, $20; 3 chambermaids to wait,
city and country, $20. and many others
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Houseglrl. Fresno, $20, see party here: house-
Cirls. Willows, Ryde. Oakdale. Santa Crui.
$15, $25, and 60 housegirls, city, many of them
party can be seen here; cook. $30; nurseglrls,
care of 2 children. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary st.
A— WANTED— Chambermaid, hoteli city, $Mu
W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay st.
RESPECTABLE woman under 40, strictly tem-
Derate. to take charge of child 8 years old
and assist with housework; references; wages
$15. Box 2754. Call offlce. ¦
WANTED— A woman for opening with whole-
sale houso; only those capable of development
and willing to assume responsibility need
¦ ar ply. Box 2755. Call offlce.
OPERATORS on muslin underwear; steam
rower. G. W. REYNOLDS, 597 Mission St.,
corner Second. \
WANTED — Girl accustomed to sewing ma-
chine. Apply before 10 a. m., VINCENT
DRAPERY CO., 332 Post st. ,
APPRENTICES to learn tailoring; paid white
learning; also operators on vests. BELASCO
* HARRIS CO.. 641 Market st.
WANTED— A girl for housework and cooking;
good wages. Call bet. 9 and 12 a. m., 1123
Laguna st. t .-¦
PANTS flnlshers wanted; steady work. 40 Ellis
St.. room 60. : ;.;:.,
GIRL for general housework, 8 ln family;
wages $20. . Apply 2613 Union st.
EXPERIENCED mangle girls; short hours;
steady position. 251 Jessie st., near Fourth.
A GIRL for general housework and plain cook-
ing preferences. 1818 Pine st; , -
: TOUNO tclrl to assist ln housework and two
children. ; $8. 4 Twelfth St. * > - .
BRIGHT, young lady on weekly paper; good
opening: salary. Address box 2740. Call offlce.
GOOD waitress, wanted at 528 . Fourth st.
WANTED— Girl to assist with light housework.
I.Wj',4 : Broadway. .
A WAIST hand wanted, steady position, at 2038
Scott st., . corner Sacramento. •
A YOUNG girl to wait at table. tiiM, Third st
A NEAT. girl for general housework. 963 Mis-
sion St.
LADY cook wanted In bakery and coffee par-
lors. 127 Fifth, st.
GIRL for housework, * no cooking. Call be-
tween 9 and 11 a. m., 2643 Bryant St., nr. 2oth.
GIRL to set type. ,1003 Mission st. ,
RESPECTABLE young girl to assist In light
. housework, plain cooking, for family of elder-
ly .'lady and -2 /young men; good home;; $10.'
: Box 1,2707, : Call offlce. :: : v •• X .r'.. \- : <
GIRL to assist with light housework and child.
> 1609 Clay st. ; f wages 86.- ... ¦-
RELIABLE ." Protestant ;¦ girt * In': small ; family:
plain cooking.' SO .Valley, st. ;, Guerrero-st. cars.'
DRAMA— Ladles ¦ wanted; "theatrical ': engage-
ment: ¦ good ¦. figures; f no previous •.; experience
necess&ry. Address ; box • 2709, . Call s of flee.'. ; - ..'
.WANTED— Girl for, general housework and as-
'stst with cooking; small family; no ' children. .
Apply gS8 O'Farrell st. .
APPRENTICES- for dressmaking; paid while
learning. 121 ¦, Post st.,',room 49.-
FINISHERS ' on custom ' coats wanted ; steady
work. 304; Tehama st.:C V, ,.'_': \. •
WANTED— Young i woman ¦ in ' French family.
612 . Hampshire ; St.; between ¦ 18th - and ; 19th. - :.
SEWINO ; girls, attention !— Experienced opera-
•. tors' on : dress and . negligee shirts; 'steady
work;- good pay. ::Lowenberg. Co.'. i 27 . Jessie st.'
WANTED— Women and girls to work on' fruit.'
f 1731 Folsom ; st.r; between Uth ' and : 14th.^ • • •;"
A r BRANCH : offlce for Call advertisements ana
subscriptions has been established at 10*8 Va-
¦ ; le&cla st. -¦•. ,- ; ..-.- .-•-.. . ¦ . ¦
HELP WANTED— MALE.
25 coal
...................... miners ....'...
;.* for New Mexico
.................. fare advanced
for- particulars
......... ...>See boss to-day
C. R. HANSEN A CO. ' 104 Geary at.
RAILROAD WORK ¦ '
6 stonemasons,' R.R. work. Nevada. $3 50 a day
SO teamsters; R. R. work. Nevada.. $2 00 a day
Free fare ........ship dally ...free fare
8 Ingersoll drillers *3 50 a day
10 carpenters .....$3 00 a day
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Meat cook and helper, institution, country, $15
and $25:. night cook, restaurant. $50; second
cook, f CO: dishwasher, country hotel, $30.
• C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
OFFICE boy, who knows the city and can
answer telephone, for this offlce. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
A— MURRAY & READY........ Phone Main 584S
, Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT TO-DAY 7 A. M..
A— CARPENTERS CARPENTERS
6 carpenters to build barns, sheds, houses,
etc., for a large mine, SS2 50 per month and
found ' •••
7 carpenters, country job W 50 day
6 carperters for bridge and trestle work. $70
and found <
MURRAY & READY.
;..... 634 and 636 Clay st.
A-MECHANICAL HELP
Band sawyer and filer, $100 and found
Turner and band sawyer $3 day
Engineer, for a large winery, country; engi-
neer for a large factory, country; black-
smiths; carrlsge painters; tank coopers
.......; .MURRAY & READY.
634 and 636 Clay St.
A— FARMS DAIRIES.... CHORES....AND
STABLES
33 farm, orchard and vineyard hands, $30, $26,
$20 and found
14 milkers and butter makers $30. $25 and fd
9 stablemen, hostlers, buggy washers, $50, $40,
$80, $25 and found; also stable boys
14 choremen and boys for private families,
farms, etc.... $25,' $20. $15. $10 and found
MURRAY & READY.. 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— IN SAN FRANCISCO AND COUNTRY....
6 laborers,' city job, board home, $2 day; 68
laborers and teamsters, city and country Jobs,
$2, $1 75 day, $30, $26 and found, call early:
5 drillers. $52 E0; 4 road teamsters. $27 and
found: 16 miners, $60 and $76; 8 men to dig
potatoes; furnace man $65; 3 coachmen, 2
gardeners; Catholic man, care of boys. $30
and found, institution. MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay st.
A— 195 TIEMAKERS 164 woodchoppers
10c, llo, 12c. 13c each
$3. $2 50, $2, $150. $1, 75o cord
Tools, cabins and provisions furnished. MUR-
RAY & READY, 631 and 636 Clay at.
A— MARRIED
Cook and wife for a mine, easy Job
$45 and found
Milker and wife; 3 farmers and wives, $40 and
found; coachman and wife, wife to cook, $60
and found. MURRAY & READY, 634 and
t3f. Clay st.
A-HOTEL. OTHER DEPTS..".. ..BAKERY
DEPARTMENT .t.
35 cooks, city and country ..: :
$50. $45, $40, $30 and found
9 second and third cooks
$50. $45. $30. $25 and found
3 cooks for saloons and ranches.. $30 and found
4 butchers 2 cq^tmakers Laundry help
2 bakers, country, small Jobs.... $40 and found
2 young men to work In bakeries, $30, $25,
$20 and found;, young man to drive bakery
wagon; bell and elevator boys, cityrjobs; 9
waiters, $30, $25. $20 and found; 9 dishwashers;
man for delicatessen store, $40 and found.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 638 Clay St.-
A— WANTED—
1 woodchoppers, 4-foot redwood. SOc cord; and
4-foot pine wood, $1 a cord: Santa Cruz
County; winter Job. W. D. EWEJR & CO..
610 Clay st.
A — GOOD carpenters, 15 cabinet makers, 10
bench hands, sash and door man, 3 sticker
hands, cutoff sawyer, at Mechanics' Registra-
tion Bureau, 410 Kearny. rm. 9; non-union me-
chanics register: new jobs daily; no office fee.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment H. Bernard, Sec.. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 15».
WANTED — Cakebaker and confectioner; one
who can take charge of shop; must be an Al
and up-to-date man and good ornamenter; no
other need appjy. Golden Sheaf Bakery,
Berkeley.
WANTED — Strictly sober young man on small
ranch; care of four cows and horse and de-
liver milk; wages $15; good home; reference
required. Address box 2747, Call offlce.
COMPETENT reliable man to take charge of
our carpet sewing and laying by contract.
Apply J. NOONAN Furn. Co., 1019 Mission st.
WANTED— Steady man; light commission busi-
ness; will pay $75 per month: must have $150
cash. MCLAUGHLIN. 777H Market st.
INDUSTRIOUS young man, living with par-
ents, for miscellaneous work ln printing of-
fice; state qualifications. Box 2743, Call.
GERMAN confectioner, second hand, $60 and
board for Seattle. R. PLASBERG. Progress
Restaurant. "327 Bush st.. 11 a. m. to 3 p. m.
WANTED— Cash boys at RAPHAEL'S.
BOY wanted. JOE ROSENBERG, 11 O*Far-
rell st.
WANTED— Cash boys. Apply S. N. WOOD
6 CO.. 718 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS tailor on ladles' tailor-made
suites. Call at M. ROTHSCHILD, 626 Sutter.
BUSHELMAN wanted Apply MARGIN BROS..
17 Stockton st.
RIGHT man for side line. Inquire Excelsior
Glove Co.. 413 and 415 Market st.
COATMAKBR for : country. Apply REISS
BROTHERS. 24 Sutter st.
OPERATORS on custom coats. BELASCO <&
HARRIS CO.. 541 Market st.
EXPERIENCED tinware packer in a whole-
sale house; reference. Add. box 2746, Call.
WANTED— A first-class dishwasher; closed
Sundays; restaurant. 28 First st.
NEAT boy about 17' for tailoring: experience
v and references; ground - floor. 217 O'Farrell.
WANTED— Wagon wood worker. 637 Brannan
street.
BARBER -wanted Wednesday, Saturday and
Sunday. 322 Fourth st.
BARKEEPER. German preferred; state refer-
ences. . Box 2753. Call office.
WAITER wanted to do porter work and carry
tray. 37 Eddy ft.
THIRD hand en bread. 836 Third st.
FIRST-CLASS barber *>r country; wages $17;
car fare paid. Apply H. BERNARD, 104 7th.
SHOFROOM for tailors at 927 Market St., room
721. ; .
2-CHAIR barber shop and clrrar stand; Western
Add. Inquire PBCKELMAN BROS.. 10« Ellis.
WANTE1V- Salesman visiting drug trade on
Pacific Slope to carry saleable line on com-
mission: either principal or side line. Ad-
dress, with reference. HOLLANDER. KO9H-
LAND & CO., Baltimore, Md.
COATMAKERS— Highest union prices paid;
free sitting-room. ALFRED LIL1ENFULD,
90S Market St.:
GOOD barber for every Wednesday, . Saturday
and Sunday. 1303 Castro st. corner Twenty-
fourth.
$85— TWO-CHAIR shop; rent- $5: receipts $25:
owner sick. Inquire H. BERNARD. 104
Seventh St.
FIRST-CLASS tinner wanted; union rules. Ap-
ply 814 Kearny. st.
SOLICITOR for wagon. Apply -1421 Point
Lobos . ave.
GOOD tailor wanted at 620 Kearny st., first
¦ floor, room 1;.
WANTED— Gardener to work In nursery. Ap-
,Dly 215 Haraa st.
, WANTED— Good ladles' tailor at 532 Four-
.;. teenth St.. .Oakland.
BARBER shop for sale cheap; one chair. Call
,319 Ellis St. • . - :
YOUNG man to drive butcher cart; some ex-
. perlence.v People's Market. 16th and Market."
WANTED — Two ¦ tailors; ¦ military work. 2S20
• Greenwich St. ' . :
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly: damaged, half
! .' price, i E62 Mission St., ' bet. 1st , and 2d sts.
WANTED— A" place to stop for the winter— This
¦ can be found at the Adams House. 619 Sacra-
mento st.,''near Montgomery r one of the few
respectable houses where countrymen^ coming
, to the city : can find nice,-: clean,: cheap, : weli-
; --¦ventilated , rooms.", A;i McCREKRY. ; Prop.
WANTED — A 5 young • man " to : act as floor
walker: one with good address and sterling
•. habits; i for '-Weinstock. Lubin " & Oo.i"i Sacra-
mento. Apply sat 623 Market sf. near First,
: between 2: and 3 p. m.r - ¦¦
.WANTED— A * thoroughly .-. experienced i clothing
salesman ; . one who : can talk >, Portuguese ; - for
Sacramento.. Apply at 523 Market st.; room 7,
.between; 2 and 3 p..m. ... ;; ' . ¦ ,!. • • -
WANTED — Laborers J and *' mechanics to know
* that : Ed ' Rolkin. : Reno House proprietor -still
", runs, Denver. House, / 2171 Third st. ; 150 large
«-•. rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week. ;
MEN to learn barber trade; only eight
: weeks required: positions guaranteed; special-
Inducements: catalogue and map of city free
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGEy 635 Clay : st.
WANTED— A good sticker hand; San Francisco
manufacturing establishment: steady em-
'¦ployment ; and good pay . to right man. Box
Call office. ¦ ' ¦ • ->
A-SALESMEN. offlce men: and . mechanic*
seeking : positions.- call at; 9 Geary -st-.-rm. 8.
BARBSR8 ; ¦ complete - 3-chalr shop - for sale at
l-fcaraain^call an«l Investigates* Sixth st, j
HELP WANTED— MALE.
WANTED — Superintendent for . sawmill and
general work connected with lumber business:
must be thoroughly competent, conversant
with all the details of lumber trade and cap-
able of managing a large business; none but
practical men with large experience and
first-class references need apply. Address,
giving experience, salary expected, X Y Z.
box 3S31. Call office; all communications con-
fidential. ¦
PENSIONS— J. II. Shepard & Co.. old. reliable
firm. 806 Market, rm. 40. Phelan bldg.: pen-
sion vouchers executed. 25c; advice free.
GET your shoes half soled while- waiting; 25c
to SOc. 562 Mission St.. bet, tot and 2d its.
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms. 10c. lac and
20c. Boston House. 930 Howard st.
STOLTZ. barber supplies, removed from 630
Market (basement) to 636 Market st.. upstairs.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order, U per week, at
cash prices. N. Y. Tallot;ng Co.. IIS Kearny.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 28 Steuart.
MEN and women to learn barber trade. S. 7.
BARBER. COLLEGE. 741A Howard St.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
•ket; 700 rooms, 25c night; reading-rooms; fre«
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and nubscriptlons
received at Call branch offlce. 220O FlUmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. -
HEMORRHOIDS.
PILES— 800 cures business man ln Ban Fran-
cisco; can b« seen; no operation: no pain; par-
ticulars sent. Ad. Physician, box 1950. Call.
HORSES. LIVE STOCK, Ete— For Sale
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
S27 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
BULLrVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FEED Manhattan food; keeps horses, cows,
poultry and does healthy. 1253 Folsom St.. 8. F.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 14 Montgomery.
HOUSE of 4 rooms ln rear. 7H Vasaar placet
off Harrison, near Second: $8.
ELEGANT sunny 7-room house. 3370 Twenty-
fourth st.. near Sanchez. •
HYPNOTISM.
COMPLETE course Instructions and diploma,
6 lessons. $5: cigarette and other bad habits
cured. PROFESSOR E. W. RAYMOND. 997
Market St.; hours a to 5 dally.
.:- LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— Tuesday, 80th Inst.. a diamond ring, en-
graved "From Mamma to Ltz., '98"; a dead
mother's gift. A suitable reward If returned
to 44A Gilbert st
LOST— A pair of gold-rlmmed spectacles. Finder
please return to 1025 Ellis st.; reward. ••.'.'-¦•
LOST-'A passbook with the Hiberuia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, ln the
name of E. W. EMERSON; No. 130-074. Th«
finder will please return to bank.
LOST— Sunday afternoon; dark brown pup.
Liberal reward if returned to 743 Harrison st.
FOUND— Ladles' watch chain; on Market «t-
Inqulre 6 Turk ut.. room 1.
~~~~ MEDICAU
DR. and MRS. DA VIES. 1228 Market— Ladles'
specialists; 32 years' practice; have treated
thousands of cases successfully; positive cum
guaranteed at office; ladies treated can return
home same day: II IN IX) HERB home cure,
any one can use it; perfectly harznnesa. Send
stamps for circular.
DR. O. W. O'DONNELL, moved to 1018 Mar-
ket, opp. 5th; world-renowned ladles' special-
ist: safe and reliable; practiced in San Fran-
cisco for years; treated thousands of cases
successfully; treatment can be used at home;
consultation free. After all others fall call
on him.
DRS. GOODWIN, well-known ladles' specialists,
have returned from Europe; safe and reliable;
cure $5; have treated thousands of cases with
success; 15 years' practice In S, F.; low fees.
lOOVH Market St.. near Sixth.
IMPORTANT notice for% ladies— Help for th»
poor; cure reduced from $5 to $2 60; every
woman her own physician; can be sent and
ueed home. DR. POPPER. 323 Kearny st.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist; 35 yrs7
practice; treatment at offlce, $5; any ail-
ment; consultation free; guaranteed. 942
Post St.. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
NG TOY KEE, Chinese doctor: cures consump-
tion, cancer, catarrh, etc.; ail diseases treat-
ed; send for testimonials; advice free. Sani-
tarium. 704 Sacramento st., corner Kearny.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 997 MARKET ST.. corner
Sixth — Safe • and reliable ladles' physician;
treatment. 15; when others fall consult free.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1035 Market— Ladles' spe-
ciallst: safe and reliable; consultation free;
hours 10 to 8.
DR. WISE, the ladies' specialist. 1113 Market St.
CHEAPEST and best ln America— The Weakly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address -In th«
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second hand: we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
22 complete outfits on our floor, ready mads;
we can ship everything in 24 hours. J.
NOONAN. 1017. 1019, 1021. 1023 Mission St.,
above Sixth: write for catalogue.
NEW BROOMS— The Golden West Broom Fac-
tory at 62S and 630 Clay st.. near Kearny, has
Just started: storekeepers can be supplied with
all kinds of brooms at the cheapest rates;
orders by mall attended to.
BUY a brand new typewriter for $5 down and $5
per month: write for catalogue and price.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 409 California
St.; rental*, new machines. $3 per month.
12-BORE hammerless "Lefevre" shotgun, al-
most new, for $30. UNCLE HARRIS. 15
Grant ave.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water plp«. shafting; pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st.
BILLIARD table, balls, cues and rack, com-
plete: dirt cheap. BENJ. CURTAZ 3c SON.
16 O'Farrell st.
FOR sale— A complete set of molds for artifi-
cial flowers at a great sacrifice. . 1706 Mar-
ket st. .
FINE suit. $10; dress pants, $2 73. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 437 Montgomery St.
A— $3 60 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st., near Pine.
A— 100 HORSEPOWER ensrlne. boiler, two-drill
air compressors. JARDIXF3, 220 Fremont St.
AT a bargain-Stock of second-hand goods tn
good condition. _ 1425 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engine* and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH iMfg. Co.
200-LIGHT dynamo, engine and bciler, com-
plete; cheap. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
WILL rent full dress Tuxedo or Prince Albert
suits for 12 SO. Portland Loan Office? 25 Stktn!
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HFR.
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and wood
planers. lathes; 2d hand. J. Burke. 139 Beale.
MAGIC lantern,, new and 2d hand: moving
pictures. BULLARD ft BRECK. 131 Post it.
10-TON Fairbanks scale and Ore and burrlar
proof safe. 216 California st. nargxar
2X n"t?^ D K P , hOt °& raphl 2 alld maKl ° '» nt «"» out-
fits bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery.
Sgf M^et^t.* 1 !^ F^g
MISCELLAXEOl'S WAXTS.
G £n?.. dUCk * Oe - "•".>«*«. Box I6C2. Call
A-CLOTHINO, sealskins. Jewelry ete. hnn.h*.
V will call. L. Bros.. 26 StktnTph^ne Bl^f^V
14 -
C nfi1 VP « ST and beat ln America— The W-eklv
quickly CaM M « rZ^l"* '"P™ : <H»letIy • and
quicxiy. can 88-69 Donohoe bldg.. u;p Market.
AA-BEST rates and easiest terms :
...............^ Second: Mortgages .....
"'¦"T?-*.V,;i I ? t ? mt8 ln Estates ."." ...
MONEY TO LOA.V. _^
ANT amount at 6 per cent: 1st. 2d and U mo.t-
gages. undivided Interest, real estate In pr<>>
bate; mortgages, and legacies bought; no l-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLOAN. 24 Montgomery, r. J.
ANY proposition, any amount; S per cent; Brst
second mortgages, estates ln probate. Interest
ln. estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages, life Insurance. Room IS, first fioo-
Ctironlcle building. HALLORAX & OLSENJ
HIGHLT respectable, private pla^e to obtain
liberal advances on diamond*. Jewelry at low.
eat rates. Baldwin Jewelr7 Store. S4S Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
A— 1300.000 ON city and country real estate and
estates: ehattel mortgages: notes and col-
laterals. J. BROWNSIONE. 11 Montgomery.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamond
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 sixth'-
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
AT 128 Kearny st.. room 9. respectable, private
place to borrow on watches, diamonds: Ita ¦*-.
rates; take elevator. Telephone Davis 93"
AN Y amount by private party on furnitui • and
pianos: no removal; low rates; confident al
BO.VELLI, 301 Jones st.. corner Eddy.
¦WHT pay rent? • We loan money to butM w.-.v
small monthly payments. HOME BU1EDI' ' ~i
COMPANY. 222 Sansome st. room 2.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co.. 3S3 Parrott bui!i-
tng: men can secure loans on personal note.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security
HILL, nn. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 Callforr. la!
PRIVATE party on furniture and pianos: S per
cent: no removal; no commls'n. • Eddy. r. $1.
TO salaried people without security; all buit-
ness confidential Tousley Co.. is. Parrott big.
MONET to loan on furniture by privata cartT-
low rate. 317 Market St.. room 1. *"*"*•
ON fnrnltor* and pianos; no renoval; coafl-
¦dentlal; on diamonds, etc. 12 Taylor st.
CABH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. <09 Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral or in-
dorser. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan big.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
WE have a naw let of lnterchasx«abl« tun*
Olympla muslo boxes, playing U tunes with-
out stopping. They aro the beat thing of th*
kind ever offered. MAUVAI3 MUSIC CO .
769 Marks* at.
WE want you to call and se« the bargains w«
have. Fine second-hand pianos for too. tlSO.
$175. $200, $300. *2S0. BeauUful naw one* for
$300 to $SSO. All pianos sold on sasy. pay-
ments If you desire, and you can at any time.
exchange for a nerw Decker & Son.
BY a special arrangement with tha manufac-
turers we are now enabled to give 12 tunes
with each Olymrla muslo box sold by us
hereafter, and a discount of 10 per cent wtll
h« allowed on tune discs when on* dozen or
more are bought at a time. MAUVAI3 MTJ-
SIC CO.. 789 Market St.. agenta.
ALL purchasers cf pianos at Byron Mauzy*s
have the prtTllega of exchanging fcr one of
the celebrated gohmer Pianos, or on* of our
Byron Mauxy Pianos, any time wtthm four
years, full purchase price being ailowad. Our
rent plan baa been th* best offered to tha
public for the past three years. A large stie,
beautifully finished, full-toned piano, with.
stool and cover, warranted for five years, for
$350. S3 cash and $4 par month. This U not a.
cheap piano, full valua being grvea for every
dollar spent. BYRON MAUZY, Sol* Agent
Sohmer & Co., Byron Mauzy, Oabler. Speil-
man and Hamilton Pianos. 808. CO. C3 Post.
at.t. purchasers of piano* at SHERMAN,
CLAY A CO. '8 have th* privilege of ex-
changing for a STEINWAY time within
three years and full purchase price allowed;
th* best makers of every trad a to select from:
beautiful new uprights $8 cash, $8 per month:
some good pianos for $3, $4 and $3 per month.
8HERMAX. CLAY A CO.. STEINWAY
DQALER3. corner Kearny and Butter sta.. '
San Francisco: corner Broadway and Thir-
teenth sts.. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest housa
west of Chicago ls KOHLER & CHASE'S, 28.
IS and SO O"Farr?ll St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices; "terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy tha
customer.
SPECIAL snaps ln a few slightly used pianos.
See US. BENJ. CTJRTAZ & SON, IS O'Far-
rell st.; Chlckering agency and everything
pertaining to music; symphonlon music boxes.
VIOLIN strings; never wet; best ln the world:
making and repairing of all kinds of musical
Instruments. Carl C. Anderson. 417: Geary st.
PARTY going to New York must sacrifice ele-
gant upright grand piano. 332 Turk st.
BEST rent stock in city; new pianos; S3 per
month. SCOTT CUKTAZ. £60 Hayes st.
HIGH-GRADE pisno. nearly new. $165. HEINE
Piano 'Co.. 217 Geary st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham placr\
ELEGANT Sohmer upright, good as new. an.l
other great bargains. BRL'ENX. 2f>* Po»t st.
FINE 3-pedal upright piano; sacrificed en ac-
count of sickness. 907 McAllister st.
A cleaning out of pianos for storage: dirt chfar:
Installments. WHnon'a Storage. 1710 MarVc»c
AT KEEFFE'S. 933 Market St.. 4 elegant ap-
rlghts at your own price. Shonlnger agency.
A BARGAIN; must be sold: nice upright piano.
ECHMIT2. 18 McAllister St.. next HID. Bank.
HIGH-GRADE ptanos; Steck, Harlman, Con-
over 4k ethers. W. B. ALLEN Sc CO.. 314 Pest.
CHEAPEST and best ln America— The Weekly
Call. IS pages, sent to any address ln tba
United States or Canada one year for $1.
— _ -
OIL STOCKS.
Bachelors M 43
Monarch. Sunset district 40
Gray Gander. Kern River 23
Ophir _-_: tl
Three States OS
Lone Star OS
PORTER & CHENEY.
Member of Producers' Oil Exchange.
Stocks, bonds and securities bought and sold.
830 California st.
JOSEPH B. TOPUTZ. 330 PINE ST.
OIL STOCK BROKER.
Members Producers' Oil Exchange. Cor, solctd.
Oil. LAXDS FOR SAXs£
PROVEN oil lands ln the Kern River field
for - sale; no stock proposition: so wildcat
schema; this ls sure territory ln tha largnt
and best known field ln California. If you
want to form a company buy good land on
the line of the railroad. NEWTON. CARMAN
ts EOME3. S. C. MASON, agent, 11 Mont-
gomery st. ¦
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET\
A GRAND store, adjoining the Owl Drug Co.:
. 25x130 feet: reduced from $600 to $430. Apply
A. M. SPECK St CO.. 867 Market st.
EMMA SPRECKEL8 building. tZl Market St.—
Light sunny offices, 115 to $20 per month, with
, light, heat, Janitor and use of phone.
STORE. S rooms. Just vacated, for barber, shoe-
maker or dressmaker. C.5. 8118 23d. nr. Folsom.
STORE to let; rent $13. 517 Laguna st., corner
Linden aveL
Nkw store; offices upstairs: separate entrance;
cheap. 624 Merchant St.. near Hall of Justice.
Kxl25 FIRST loft; 25x80 second loft. 673 and
687 Mission St.. opp Wells-Fargo's building.
8C« SANSOME. handsoma store. $13; 324 Pacific.
large store cheaj>. _____^_—
LARGE elegant store and basement; J53 Va-
lencla st. nev 21st: business center. ,
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly '
Call. 18 pages, sent to any address In tha
United States or Canada one year for $1.
postage paid.
PAL-MISTRY.
H. JEROME FOSSELLI. scientific palmist. J13
Taylor St.. bet. Geary and Poet; tel. Black 561.
MME. NEEROAARD. 700 Post; tei Hyde 3933;
hours 1 to 5 eve.. «n<1 Sunday bv appotntmenf.
PATENT S A *^J^-*$}2*jt%^ v
PENSIONS^CEoTd. CAMPBELL, lawyer. 16
; years' practice; Examiner building.
~ PERSONALS.
"WANTED-Informatlon concerning C. A. AN-
DERSON deceased: died May 19, 1300; was a
ratlve of Llndholmen. Sweden, and second
officer of * coaster. Address box 3712. Call.
WANTED— Wife. 23 years old, to live in raining
camp. Address P. O. box SW. Manvel. San
Bernardino County. Cal.
CONSTIPATION— Positive curs by means of
the Dilator or Marvelous Blood Circulator : no
drugs or', medicine. 982 Geary; consult free.
DR. LAMOTTE-S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; 28c. all druggists.
LEDERERS Foamo SHAMPOO. 5c pkg; cant
do without it; hairdreaslng. 25c. .123 Stockton.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS-TeL South 72:.
made to order; renovated: honest. work guar-
anteed; feathers and : hair cleansed; uphol-
stered furniture cleaning a specialty; flne i<p-
hoUtery. HOPKE BROS.. 313 and 324 Uth st.
SPECIAL sale switches: Monday and Tuesday
only. *3 switches for $2; the latest hair style*
only 25c. Q. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
MME. ADA. wonderful gifted healer. 1104 Mar-
ket, r. 3. 4, cures spinal trouble, rheumatism.
blindness; paralysis and all nervous diseases.
ELECTRIC lights In every room— Winchester .
Hotel. 44 Tblrd.st.. hear Market: TOO room»:-
?5c to $150 per night;. $150 to IS per week:
tree bus ar.d baggage to and from the ferry.
HYGENIC, medicine; .acute and chronic In-
valids cured and taught bow to keep. well.
X>R* J. ilERUEUT RJSEVE, 26ft Kearny st.Builders' Contracts.
Paul . Bancroft ; (owner) with John McCarthy
<contractor). architect Clinton Day— Granite
and brick work, in exterior walla for building
to be erected on E line of Van Ness avenue,
M:10 S of Sutter street, E 109,' N 63:10, W
109.-S 63:10; 12723. .
--'Maria J.- and - J." C. Cebrlan fowners) irtth
Cahlll & Hall Elevator < Co. (contractors), ar
chitect : R. . H. White— Four hydraulic ram ele
vators for building on NB corner of Mission
and Fremont streets. E 137:8 by N 137 ;6: $1545.
HOTEL ARBIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
S Cohr, Seattla
W WiUiamsen. Boston
G E Martyn. Wash
J Babcock & w, Nome
Miss Hammer. Seattle
E Everson. Cal
Capt Charleson. Cal
J H Graves. S Jps«
J E Cobban. Texas
M L Kaiser/ Stockton
G Newman, Vallejo
A Taylor & w, Oaklnd
L C Burker. Napa
C Stanley. Oakland
L A Spine 111. S Jos*
C Bmlth. Cal
M F Tan>ey, Cal
J Davis. Ogden
F E Wrlitht. Sacto • '
R A B&tterfield. L. Ang
M Goldsmith. Stockton
%V T Cook. Cal •'•"•
C Knlrht, S Barbara
J V,' Shaffer. Kern
W Johnson, Bakersfld
T Thompson. Ohio -
A Austin - &• w, Nebr :
A Taylor, Madera
Mrs V.- T Monsarrat A
"- a. Honolulu • ¦"
A E v.-ebb. Coalinsa
E J Lawton. L Ang
L Dearth, LAnz
\V Ketchum, Chicago
Mrs Mordtn. Sonoma
C H Kirchner. N Y U.
Mra C Jillson. Xapa
Mrs Mclntosh. Chlco
Mra Whalen & d Cal
Mrs Daniels. Seattle
U A Watson & w, L A
E Flnlayson, Dawson
O Williams. Seattle
T J Whitney &.w, Ba
kersfleld
F D Graney. Honolulu
H Lockwood, Vancouv
Mrs Evans. Columbus
C H Evans, Columbus
T\ Jereslaw, Cal
G V Howard, gutter C
T J Boyd, S Rafael
J T Grace. S Rosa
W A Dunn, NY
Mrs A Sanborn. Cal
Miss Sanborn. Cal
J D Smith. Cal
J Shebly & w. Grass V
W Ashe & w. Berltn
F T Butler, Toronto
A Murphy. N Y
C B Ward. NY
Dr Senuo. S Rosa
A F Eaton, S Jose
J Lustlg, Visalia
Miss McDonald. Boca
C L Wddlor. Oakland
A Nellson. Sacto
W W Cooe. Dansville
W C Jones, L Ang
P F Simonds. Nevada
C E Lilly & w, Nevada
J M Canty. Grayson
PALACE HOTEL.
W Leitch, Australia
T McL Mulr. Australia
E H Stoothoff, N Y
ME Mpnasch, : Chgo
J D Vormalds, Sydney
R Latham.' France **;
G Schwartz, France .
JKiener. France
L Rosenheim. - Dawson
A ¦¦ F -. Alberton & w.
Tacoma . ¦ •
G R Allen. Cal
S fitorrow, J>is Ang
J Joelson, N-Y /
W Newman. Cal •
F W Stephenson; Oakld
CW Randall. Cal.
F-H; Hayes. NY
H L Packard, Cal \
E Randolph, Tucson .
L Howe. N ¦ Y- ."
J S Childs, Cal '"
Mrs G ttegood, Farro
Mrs J Bean,' Minn
J K Taylor. N = Y
P X Gonzalez. - Spain
W Lacy, Los An*
J P Dletner & w. El
Paso -
Mrs P R Lamont. Chg
VV J Sherman. . S Lake
G E Goodman; Napa
Mrs G E Goodman. Cal
H'S Weebotter & w.
Napa . im iflniiniin
R F Rooney. M D. Cal
D Pepper, Philadelphia
D, Pepper Jr & w, Pa
R H Mitchell, Boston
J W Piper," Boston
W S Bmith.U S N i -
E'da La tour A.w. Cal
H Eppinger- & w,- Cal
J S Murdoch, London
H Hale. :U S N
W F. BUir, Chgo
C Hamilton. Denver
G Coventry i»w, Denv
L Lamont Jr, Denver
W W .- Gollln, ' Nome
W W WParker." Wash
W 1, -Vail. Los Ang
NEW WESTERN * HOTEL.
C A xal, Manila
J ' Qulnn,~ Alaska ':. * .
J'J Baker & son. Wash
O L Brown, Stockton.
P SIrapeon, Dover
R Thompson, Denver
H Muller, Boston.— ;::
F E Smith. Los Ang
G W. Condon & fy, Cal
E D Rasmussen. Seattle
H W. Russell,- M Cristo
Un 1> Storm, 6t Paul j
J - S McDonald ft w.
New Westminster •:."•.;
J R Hughes, -B Colum:-
Miss Neelands.Wlnnlpg
F Haas." Seattle ¦'
w J : Collins. Spokane '
"Wr Doyle. Spokan*
W.W.Walsh, Nebr
J D Banker, San Jose -x
O R Barton &'W."Ohlo
WC Dempsey, Buffalo
¦ ¦ m ¦'¦/.¦¦¦¦ ,--
FLY-CASTEBS AT
BANQUET BOABD
Wielders of the Dainty Fly Feast
Medals Won During Past Sea
son Awarded to Victors. .
Three-score members of the San Fran;
dsco Fly-Casting Club met at the banquet
board In a downtown rotlsserie last night
and discussed the good things of life and
matters pertaining to their favorite pas
time. In the absence of Alex T. Vogel
sang, who was .expected to act as toast
master, the pleasing duty devolved on W.
D. -Mansfield,- president of the organiza
tion.
In presenting the medals won during tne
year to the clever wlelders of the colored
fly Mr. Mansfield delivered an earnest
speech. He Informed the recipients of the
trophies that the winning of a medal
meant a great deal. He said the medal
represented a great deal more than its in
trinsic value: it was a trophy which em
bodied the f ulflllment of every condition of
true eportsmanship. He then said it re
called the competition on the banks of
beautiful Stow Lake and the magnanimity
of fellow members, who wer« ever ready
to counsel, assist and advise those who
were striving to perfect themselves in the
aft of fly-casting. He said many other
nice things, and Dr. W. E. Brooks and
Edward Everett, who received trophies,
fittingly responded.
Only three medals were presented by the
club this vear. The winners in the various
classes who had in the past won trophies
were satisfied to take the glory. George
H. Foulks, who won the Smyth medal, for
the greatest Improvement during the year,
was unable to attend because of the news
of the death of his mother. The winners
in the various classes were:
Championship class — Long distance. H.
C. Golcher; accuracy. XV. D. Mansfield;
delicacy, W. D. Mansfield.
First class— Distance, H. F. Muller; ac
curacy, Edward * Everett; delicacy, H.
Battu.
Second class — Distance, Dr. W. E.
Brooks.
General Improvement— George H. Foulks,
9 6-10 per 'cent: F. W. Bretherton, 8 4-10
pi.- cent: Dr>W. E. Brooks, 8 3-10 per cent.
Among those- at the banquet board were:
M. C. Allen, W. F. Bogart, F. WVBreth
erton, O. M. Pratt. H. Battu, W. G-. Benn,
J. S. Benn. A. M. Blade Sr.. A. M. Blade
Jr.. John P. Babcock-W. A. Cooper. W.
E. Dassonville. J. de Witt, Edward Ever
ett, Colonel G. C. Edwards, A. B. Finch,
P. W. Watson, H. C. Golcher. M. J. Geary,
Dr. von Hoffmann. Samuel A. Hetter. E.
H. Horton, Rudolph Isenbruck. C. R. Ken
nrff. G. T. Klink. W. J. L. Klerulff. T. C.
Klerulff. A. E. Lovett. H." F. Muller. XV.
D. Mansfield, -W. A. L. Miller, William
Shad, Joseph Shad, Joseph Pettier, F. N.
Reed. C. C. Stratton. H. E. Skinner, W.
A. Linforth, Louis Levy, James S. Tur
ner. George "Walker. James' Watt. Charles
B. Hollywood. H. C.Wyman, C. G. Young,
H. G. W. Dinkelsplel, C. F. Lagercrantz,
George Grant. Fred Dassonville, E. A.
Mocker. J. F. Siebe. XV. C. Brooks, Horace
Smyth and C. M. Walker.
CINCINNATI, Ohio. Oct. 30.— The talent
got an awful setback in the fourth race
at Latonla to-day, when Molo. the heavily
backed favorite, broke down In the stretch
and hobbled in on three legs, fax behind
his field. The judges did not like Won
derly's ride on Bob Baker, In the fifth
race, and suspended the boy indefinitely.
Weather fine; track fast. Summaries:
Elx furlongs, selling— Fulminate won. Dr. J.
W. Ramsey second, Robert Gray third. Time,
1:15.
Five furlongs— Ep won. Trinity Bell second.
Resignation third. Time. 1:02.
One mile, selling— Etta won, Honeywood sec
ond, Peter Duryea third. Time, 1:42.
One and an eighth miles, selling— Sir Gatian
won, Winepress second, Violet Parsons third.
Time. l:65}a.
Five and a half furlongs, selling— The Coven
anter won. Senator Beveridge second. Mateo
third. Time, 1:05%.
Six furlong3. selling— Lord Zeni won, Onam
astus second. Blenheim third. Time, l:liVi.
NEW YORK, Oct.. 30.— In spite of the
dull, threatening weather, a good-si^ed
crowd was In atendance at the 'Empire
City racetrack to-day. A light rain fell
during the nigh.t— not enough to make the
track heavy.
The Katonah stakes was the only fea
ture, and Annie. Thompson at 6 to 1,
romped home an easy winner. Snark made
the early running. At the stretch- turn,
Thompson came up and won by three
lengths. Cherries, All Saints and Moor
fought it out for the place and finished as
named heads apart, i
A bad start nearly ruined the first race.
Marlbert, Ralston and Unmasked were al
most left, while the rest were all strung
out. Musette raced to the front on the
first quarter and lasted long enough to win
by a neck from Gold Heels.
Herbert won the second race easily from
Compensation and Walt Not, and Decan
ter wonuhe fourth race, a handicap.
The Amazon took the last race from Bel
gTade and Prestidigitator. Shaw was up
on The Amazon, having been reinstated to
day. Three out of six favorites were suc
cessful. Summary:
About six furlongs— Musett* won. Gold Heels
second, Chuctanunda third. Time. 1:09%.
One- mile and 70 yards— Herbert won. Compen
sation pecond, Wait Not third. Time. 1:444.
The Katonah, about six furlongs — Annie
Thompson won. Cherries second. All Saints
third. Time, l:10U.
One and an eighth miles — Decanter won, Taf
faelo second. Intrusive third. Time, l:53tt.
About six furlongs, selling— Himself won, Tal
cose second. The Regent third. Time. 1:10%.
On© mile and 70 yards, selling— The Amazon
won. Belgrave second. Prestidigitator third.
Time. l:45H- j
CHICAGO. Oct. 3O.-Results at Lake
side. Weather cloudy; track Blow:
Five furlongs— C. B. Campbell won. Lord
Roberts second, Krewer third. Time, 1:04 4-5.
Five furlongs— Alpaca won, Daisy O second,
Olekma third. Time. 1:04 1-5.
One mile— Azlm won, Hyk) second, Hamwurst
third. Time, 1:43 1-5.
¦ Five and a half furlongs— Kenilworth won,
Boney Boy second, Algaretta third. Time.
1:10 2-5.
One mile— Lennep won. Prince Blazes second,
Obsidian third. Time. 1:44 2-5.
One mile and an eighth, selling— Hood's Bri
gade won. Ben Chance tecoad. Oxnard third.
Time, 2:ffl3-5.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 30.— Weather fine at
Klnloch Park; track heavy. Results:
Five and a half furlongs, selling— Miss Bram
ble won, Al Lane second, Brlghtie B third.
1:12^. • •
Six furlongs, selling— Varro won. Robert Jr
second, Harry Pulllam third. Time, l:20H.
• Seven furlongs— Nobleman won. Chlckamauga
second. Belle Simpson third. Time. 1:33.
Six furlongs, selling — Lady Curzon won.
Bloomfleld aecond, Belle of the Glenn third.
Time. 1:19. .
One mile and a sixteenth— Elghor won, Tom
Gtlmore second, Orlandlne third. Time. 1:56.
Beren furlongs, selling — Horseshoe Tobacco
won, Tlldy Ann second, Harry Thoburn third.
Time, 1:34. ¦¦•.--;¦. •¦¦¦ '
Wonderly, Who Was Up on Bob
Baker in the Fifth Race, Is In
definitely Suspended by
the Judges.
Mold, Heavily Backed Fa
vorite, Breaks Down in
the Stretch.
TALENT LOSES
AT LATONIA
Ring-goers will wend their way to
Woodward's Pavilion this evening to see
the outcome of the boxing bout3 arranged
by the Columbia Athletic Club. It has
been eo long since the public has seen
a professional contest that there is every
likelihood there will be a large outpour-
Ing of the sporting element.
AI Neill, the local middle-weight, and
Ben Tremble of Los Anceles will battle
twenty rounds for a decision and Henry
Lewis and Charles Thurston will go fif
teen rounds. Toby Irwin and Eddie Toy
will inaugurate the ».vening*s entertain
ment by fighting ten rounds. Jack Walsh
will referee the bouts.
Ben Tremble, who is to do battle with
Neill, is a brother of Jim Tremble, the
Southern California middle-weight, wha
went down before the heavy punches of
Australian Tim Murphy some months ago.
Tim McGrath, who has the brothers un
der his protecting wing, has the greatest
confidence In the world that Ben will take
Neill's measure.
Neill's opponent Is a likely looking fel
low. He is built on lines similar to his
brother Jim. but is a trifle taller. H-s
measures fcjrty Inches around the ches:
and is strdhg as a young bull. McGrath
took his nan to the Hammam baths yes
terday to weigh him. Tremble balance-i
the bar at the figure named in the arti
cles of agreement and Tim breathed
easier. . .
Tremble donned the ploves with clever
"Spider" Kelly yesterday and those who
saw the set-to sagely wagged their heads
and said the Southern Californian would
do. Tremble has fought draws with "Sol
dier" Phil Green, "mimniy" Rowan. Bob
Thompson and other well-known pugil
ists. Shifty Tommy Tracy gained a de
cision over Tremble In a 17-round bout,
but Brother Jim evened matters.-up by
fighting Tracy a draw. McGratn does not
want to compare the brothers, as he is
managing both. He simply says that Ben
can hit and advises his friends to show
wisdom in their bet tine.
Neill has prepared for the fray at tha
Beach Tavern on the Ocean boulevard.
He is as line as a racehorse and as hard
as nails Is the report that comes from
his training quarters. Neill intends go
ing East and he knows that a defeat will
spoil his contemplated trip. He will fight
hard to win and an exciting contest
should result.
Thurston and Lewis ara in nne fettle
and Toby Irwin Is In the pink of condi
tion and ought to make things lively for
Eddie Toy, his old opponent. The ad
vance sale of tickets ia large and a good
attendance is assured.
Th© Golden Gate Athletic Club will hold
Its next monthly fistic exhibition In
Washington Square Hall on Friday even
ing. The following well-known amateur)
will appear: Joe Sullivan and Mike Ford,
120 pounds; Jack Murray and Georpe Mc-
Mabon, 125 pounds; Jack Slrell and George
Carson, 123 pounds; Charles Prleste and
"Sailor Sharkey," 135 pounds; Fred Beil
and William, Smith. 140 pounds: • harles
Ravaln and" "Young Jeffries," catch
weights; Joe Ralph and Georg-e Sullivan.
165 pounds; A. Attell and Jimmy Barry,
111) pounds. Harry Magglnnes win ref
eree all the bouts.
Exciting Bouts to Be Presented at
i Woodward's Pavilion To-Night.
Golden Gate Club
- Fights. •
Neill and Tremble in Fine
Condition for Their .
Fistic Battle.
COLUMBIA CLUB
FIGHTERS READY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 31, 1900.
13
,. ADVEBTISEJEENTS. .
Comfortable Carpets in every
pattern, design, color and col-
orings for economical house-
wives and office men of taste.
We are exclusive dealers in
the best there is of
Carpets,
Linoleums,
Big; windows full of pretty
furnishings this week.
215-217 Sutter St., above Kearny.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
TOYOKISilAISHl
STEAMERS WILL. LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at I p.- m.
for YOKOHAMA and . HONGKONG. | calling at
Kobe. - (Hiogo), Nagasaki and ¦. Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia. - etc. . No ' cargo received on board on day
of sailing. ¦¦ '¦¦¦¦:¦
SS. HONGKONG MARU.;.
...... .:.... ........ .Tuesday, November 13, 1900
SS. NIPPON MARU...... .....:..... „;;..„..
...... .r..;.. ..Thursday. December 8» 1900
6S. AMERICA MARU..........................
< .. .;..-..;. '.;;.v..;6aturday.* December 29, M00
' .Via : Honolulu-tSSB9j0S£$gM&ajQg
Round-trip . tickets ' at >. reduced -". rate*. For
frleght and passage, apply, at company's office,
421 Market street.^corner of First.
W. H. AVERT, General Artnt
s^tBHSSr^B^HsSHaMBBflMMaBaBHlMBM^ <
ROOMS TO LET— Furn. and TJnfarn.
BUTTER, 84»— Nicely furnished front room;
suitable for one or two gentlemen; private. -
TURK, 126—1 furnished room, with closet and
running water; suitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen.
TURK. 529— Neat, sunny room; bath and gas;
private family. :
v
TURK. 1205H— Unfurnished" front suite.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at lOSa
Valencia st. jj
ROOMS AND BOARD.
MCALLISTER, 110H— Room and board; gas and
bath: $18: private family. .- ._
ROARD and rooms at 415 First St., near Har-
rison- '
FIRST-CLASS modern family hotel; very sunny
rooms; fine table. 1604 California st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for malllnr. $1 per year.
COUPLE desire 3 furnished rooms for house-
keeping in Mission. Box 2710, Call office.
YOUNG man wants a* room with private- fam-
lly; state price. Box 2703. Call office.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
ROOMS papered from 12 50; whitened tl up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 319 Third.
BAD tenants' ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
415 Montgomery St., rooms 9-10: tel. S5S9.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing lowest rates; open even. 203 Fourth.
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired; needles and
shuttles: reduced rates. 145 6th; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
tped. Charles PlambecR. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
STORAGE. AND WAREHOUSES.
EEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission St.:
tel. Main 1S40; shipping at cut rates.
WILSON BROS. ..storage and moving; covered
vans. Tenth and Market; phone South 762. \
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-^
pany. 2320 Flllmore st.: phone Jackson 25L
SLOT MACHINES.,
BOUGHT and sold; new and second hand; largo
display: very cheap. S27 Market, room 22a
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We
tell better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals. $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, £36 California: telephone Main 265.
ALWAYS bargains in typewriters; any make.
Write for prices to L i il. ALEXANDER.
110 Montgomery «t.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No! U0 (flVty
cents per share) of the Oceanic Stea^fchlp
Company will be payable at the office or the
company, 227 Market St.. on and after Thurs-
day, November I, 1900. Transfer books close
Friday. October 26, 1900, at 3 o'clock p. m.
fl--.-. E. H. .SHELDOX. Secretary.
PROPOSALS.
OFFICE of the engineer. Twelfth Lighthouse
District, San Francl»co, Cal. — Proposals will
be received at this office until 12 o'clock
noon, on Friday, November 30, 1900, and then
opened, for the rental. of San Clemente Isl-
and. Los Angeles County, Cal. (reserved by
Presidential order as a lighthouse reserva-
tion), for a period of five years. Informa-
tion and blank forms of proposals may b9
had at this office. CHAS. E. L. B. DAVIS,
Major, Corps of Engineers, U. S. A., En-
gineer Twelfth Lighthouse District.
PROPOSALS for Btone wall— General depot.
Quartermaster's Department, 26 New Mont-
gomery st., San Francisco, October 1, 1300.
Sealed proposals will be received at this of-
fice until 11 o'clock a. m.. on November L
1900. and then opened, for construction of
Etone wall along southern boundary of Mili-
tary Reservation, Presidio of San Francisco,
In accordance with plans and specifications
on file here, which can be Been on applica-
tion. OSCAR F. LONG. Major and Quarter-
master. U. P. Vols.. Depot Quartermaster.
MABRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
John L. Conner. 24. 2620 Laguna street, and
Josephine Kennedy. 21. 2CO7 Clay street.
Bernard A. Stevens, 26, city, and Jessie Allen,
tl, Rio Vista.
Patrick W. Pyne, 46, lone. Amador County,
and Marie B. Gysln, 42, lone. Amador County.
Rodolphus S. Dyer, 47. 1912 Mission street, and
Sophia Gordon. 47. 220 Thirteenth street.
Domenlk Gatt. 46. 1414 Kearny street, and Ra-
mor.a Moora. 32. 1412 Kearny street.
David Lammon. 22. SOS Bryant street, and
Annie Eastland. IS, 622 Solano street.
Charles Petersen. 23, 1338 Twentieth avenue,
and Caroline Petersen. 23, 622 Railroad avenue.
Angelo Bonfigllo. 33. 12 Lafayette place, and
Crtatlna Marsorattl. 21. 1213 Kearny street.
BIRTHS— MABRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marricr* and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BIRNBAUM— In this city. October 23, 1900. to
the wife of Louis Blrnbaum. a son.
BOHLEN— In this city, October 22. 1900, to the
wife of Henry M. Bohlen. a son.
EDELMANN— In this cittv'October 23. 1900, to
the wife of J. F. Edelmann, a daughter.-
GLAUDER— In this city, October 28, 1300, to the
wife of Fred G. Glauder, a daughter.
HILES— In this city! October 24, 1900. to the
wife of David Dunham Hlles, a daughter.,
HOELSCHER— In this city, October 26," 1300, to
ths wife of William Hoelscher, a son.
JUNGSTEN— In this city, October 28, 1900. to
the wife of Rudolph D. Jungsten. a son.
MUTH-RASMUSSEN— In Oakland. October 29.
i:-00. to the wife of L. Muth-Rasmussen, a
daughter.
MARRIED.
GARFINKLE— SCHRAGGE— In this tlty. Octo-
ber 2S. 1900, by the Rev. H. N. Schoenfeld.
Leo Garfinkle and Alexandra Schrapge, both
of San Francisco.
HOPKINS— WESTPHAL— In this city. October
29, 1300. by the Rev. E. G. Mathena. • D.D..
William G. Hopkins and Meta Westphal. both
of Fan Francisco. .
JOHNSON— PERIN— In this city, October SO,
1900, by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson.
James H. Johnson of Fruitvale and Lou Perln
of Oakland. .-....-
KAISER— GANBATZ— In this city, October 28,
1900, by the Rev. J. O. Mangold, Ben Kaiser
and Emma Ganbatz.
MACAVOY— MacPHIE— In this city, October 2S,
l»00, by the Rev. E. G. Mathena, D.D.. Ernest
Macavoy and Grace MacPhle. botfa of San
Francisco.
DIED.
• Baettge. Catherine Lawlo»\ Peter
Davis, Isador Leland, George W.
Ehm, Charles A. Morlne, Edirar S.
English. Alice Mayrlsch. Charles
Hammond. John Smith, MarEie -
Harder. Nlcolaus Strom. Gustave
Hayes, Aleck Stuart, Leanora
Helse, Anna Sullivan, James O.
Kirwin. Andrew Waterman, Chas. E..
BAETTGE— In this city, October 80. 1S00,' Cath-
erine Baettge. beloved wife of Captain Charles
Baettge. mother of Mrs. H. S. Manuel. Mrs.
Charles Josewosky, Mrs. F. .Watson, Mrs. P.
Rich, Mrs. C. Swanton and Charles and
Emma Baettge. and stepmother of Mrs.
Scbukowsky, Mrs. Burge and Mrs. Bord well,
a native of Ireland, aged 64 years 10 months
and 3 days. _ f*sy^—88>'t»Hsp
ZJ Remains at the funeral parlors of H. F.
Maass, 917 Mission street. *
DAVIS— In this city. October 30. 1900. /6t his
residence. 15<K Pacific avenue, leader, -beloved
husband of Esther Davis; and father of Louis,
J realty, Alfred and Aaron Davis, Mrs. S.
Jacobs, Mrs. D. Levy and Florence and ths
late Eva Davis, a native of Poland.
. .E7"Notice of funeral hereafter.
EHM— In this city. October 23. 1300. Charles
Arthur Ehm, beloved son of Paul J. and An-
, thony Rosle Ehm, and brother of Paul Jr.,
Rosle, Florence, Dora, Ella and Oscar Ehm,
a native of England, aged 15 years 10 months
and 25 days. . «.
ICT" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his parents, 710 San Bruno avenue.,
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
ENGLISH— In this city. October 80. ISO*. Alice,
beloved daughter of James M. and Mary Eng-
lish, and sister of Percy and Melville Eng-
lish, a native of San Francisco, aged 1 year
and '26 days. :
HAMMOND— Entered into - rest. ' in this city.
John Hammond, beloved husband of Mary a.
Hammond, and father of EfQe. - Manton and
Mabel Hammond, aged 69 years and 4 months.;
• E7 Notice of funeral hereafter.
HARDER— In this city.October 29,*1900. Nlco-
HENRYd. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successor to Flan'nagan & Gallagher)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
W Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln- School. *
Telephone South 80. .-. ; *:.';'
I. Meflvovi* co;.; 1
FCNERAL DIRECTORS f*l EMBALMERS. I
UO Market St.. between »th and 9th., I
* Telephone South Ul.TfSgRBBmR I
OCEAN TRAVEL. '
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
». Steamers leave Broadway
fc», wharf, San Francisco:
W^. For Alaskan Ports— 11 a. in..
IKgfflftjk Nov. 3. 7. 12. 17. a, 17. Dec. 2.
sSr£?x"^ Change to company's steamers
Bpfi^Jjal For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
JffaTOJjdffjII c -)> Port Towssend. Seattle.
f ~^^fef|s1ri&l Tacoma. Everett. Ar.acortes
and New Whatcom (Wash.) —
• 11 a. m.. Nov. 2. 7. 15. 17. 52.
27, I>ec. 2. and every fifth day thereafter.
Change at Seattle for this company's steamers
for Alaska and O. N. Ry. ; at Seattle or Tacoma
to N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— I p. m., Nov. 4.
9. 14. 19, 24. £9. Dec 4 and every fifth day there-
after.
For San Diego stopping only at P^rt Harford
(San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara, r-or: Los
Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles)— 11 a. m..
Nov. 1, 5. 9. 13. 17. !1, IS. 29, Dec 3. and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon. Cayu-
cos. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo). Gaviota.
Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Loa Angele?) and Newport— 9
a. m.. Nov. 3. 7. 11. 15. 19. 23. 27. Dec 1. and
every fourth day thereafter.
Fcr Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Aluta, La Pa:, Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mexico)— 10 a. m., "th oi each
month. *•
r\>r further Information obtain company* a
folders.
The company reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace HoteO.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen, Ag»nts.
10 Market *:., San Francisco.
THEO. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 A. M.
C« nr S12 First Class. Including Berth
rMnCsS Second Class. and Meals.
COLUMBIA sails Nov. 4. 14. «. Dec. 4
GEO. W. ELDER sails Nov. 9. 19. 29
Short Line to Walla 'Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all oolnts East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market street.
AMERICAN LINE.
HEW TOaX. 80CTHAHFT05. LONDON. P1KI3.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday. Id a. m.
St. Paul Nov. 7 St. Paul Nov. 33
St. Louie... Nov. 14 St. Louis Dec. S
New York Nov. 21 New York Dec 1J
RED STAR LINB.
N«w York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Friesland .......Not. 7|Kens!ngton Nor. 28
Southwark ......Nor. 14 Noordland De«. »
Westernland ...Nov. 21 1 Friesland Dec. 12
For freight and passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
30 Montgomery st. Or any of its agenta.
OCEANIC S. S. CO.-HOVOLULU, APIA
AUCKI.AND AND SYDNEY.
SS. ALAMEDA for Honolulu. , Samoa. New
Zealand and Australia.
Wednesday. October SI, 9 p. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA for Tahatl
Thursday. November L 4 p. m.
SS. ZEALANDIA (Honolulu only)
: • November 10. 2 p. ra.
1 D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts., 643 Martet St
Pie? 7. Foot Pacific St. freight Office. 327 Market St
GnrsaaL'5 TBAFSATLANTlQTrS
DIRECT LINB TO HAVRE-PARI8.
Sailing every Thursday, instead of
Saturday, from November J. 1S39. at-^*s*fea»
10 a. m.. from. Pier 42, North River, foot of
Morton street. LA TOURAINE. Nov. l;
L'AQUITAINE. Nov. 8. First class to Harve.
$55 and upward. Second class to Havre, 142 50
and upward. GENERAL AOENCT FOR
UNITED STATES and CANADA, a Broadway
(Hudson building). New York. J. F. FUGAZI
& CO.. Pacific Coast Aeents. S Montgomery
avenue. San Francisco.
BAY AND BIVER STEAMEB&
F0r¥1^7nXyY-YARD aniVALLEJO
Steamer " Montlcello." '
- MON., Tues.. Wed., Thorn, and Sat. at 9:43
a. m.. 3:15. 8:J0 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night): Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. S
p. m. Landing and offlce. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main IMS.
FARE .....SOa
; BAXLBOAJD TRAVEL.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leaves San Francisco, «a Sausallto Ferry: -
WEEK DAYS — 3:15 a. m.; 1:45 and 4:C0 p. m.
SUNDAYS.. ......SKXL 10:00. 11:30 and 1:15 p. m.
Fare. San Francisco to Summit r -vi Return.
81:40. - . - - _. > . .
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAI3 If OW OPEN.
Ticket offices, 63 Market it.. SaaaaUto Ferry.
PERSONALS.
PL1TS to order on Installments: $15 upward- SI
a week. LEON LEMOS. 1117 Market st,. be-
tween Sev«tfc and Klfhth.
TRIVATE detect :ve work; reasonable rates;, 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 357 Jessie .st.
LEDERERt Qulntcnica faalr tonic at Lion
Drug Co.. Mark«^ aad gtoekton. 55c bot.
r>t'T ycur coal ot LANGE & GOFF. successors
to W. H. Wigeman. IT11 Sacto.: tel.Sutter 277«.
KLECTROLTEIS destroys superfluous haJr.
moles ; trial Iree. MISS EATON. 1113 Gutter
— — —^— — — — — .^—^_______^_ I
f-UITS to order frctn $15 up on easy payments.
Th» Rlchrileu. 700 Market St.. near Geary.
i-TITS to order on easy payments. Art Taijor-
'.:•¦»; Co.. 1644 Mkt.. under St. Nicholas Hotel.
OLD rold. silver, diamonds and precious stones
taught. J. R. JEXKEL, SIT Market et.
A^FREDTJMS Egyptian Henna; restore* jfraiy
htLiT t0 ll * n * taral color = »'» »t *'l druggists.
CAST-OFF clothlnjr. old rold and silver bought-
f en& postal. COLEMA.VS. 606 Kearny tt. '
C ? I 1^ P^ ST aM b * et ta America-The Weekly
OaU. 16 pares, sent to any address In the '
I r.;t>-a States cr Canada one year for >L
rilVSICIAAS A.\D Sl'RCEO.NS.
rR i,F-,9- P'DONNELL-Ornce and residence.
. -IS Market tt.. between Sixth and Seventh.
BALDWIN & HOWELlT
10 MONTGOMERY ST.
J6noo. Rents $600 per annurn
t-i-iendld tnslfie downtown centrally located
business and Investment property; one-haif
M^ck from Market and 5th ets.; store tylow.
two floors above; investleate tnls; a. close oCer
m!£ht be entertained.
Rents Uli per annum
I fiats on north, sunny eide of Hayes st.. near
Fil.more; large lot. S7:6xU7:6; pays well.
IS00. Marine view home
Frlenaid two-story house of 6 rooms and bath
en Jones st.. near Union-st. cars; excellent
marine view.
J14.500 .*. .""."inside "business" prcperty
Suhsttntial three-stcry business building; store
and two floors above: rents Jl(*6 per year; busi-
ness thoroughfare; mortpige Jivn.* can remain;
• nothing better for the money. .
$19. 000 . '. '. ".".V.V.V.V.V.'.V.V.R'erlts V:i30 " per annurn
Three new elegant modern thoroughly up-to-
date high-dase flats on Nob Hill; California
«.; \-ery best location in town.
J3300 *. .".7.7.7.7.". ........ Rents *30 per mont h
Small piece cf business prcperty. bound to en-
hance in value: always rented; 6ure invest-
ment: 6tore and fiat above; Folsom-st.. close
to 4th et.
ii^.....y.y.!".\\Y.'.y."v.iy.y.y'y.yy.'ii^e'oi!''i
Cheapest two-story r.lne-rocm and balh resi-
dence for sale on E<5dy rt. : splendid block: eur-
roundlnr* nrst-class; street work dor.e; let Kx
137 :f; mortgage IljtO can remain.
tU.OCo!!.'........'.........."..Rer.t J110 per month
S newly-flsUhed modern flats; 7 toozt.s and bath
each: locking into Golden Gate Park; sur-
rounded by nice homes; convenient to all cars:
ftreet biturolnized ; lot Cixli>C:3; this is a new,
clean and safe investment fcr your money.
*'i*^!."V..7.7.7.7.V... ..'......."!".". One-third cash
TwL-stury house of T rooms and bath; Eureka
St., near ~th; lot i:xlC5; cheap home.
* i^!!.."...7.7.7.7.7...7.7.7.7..!.Cwner must eell
Owner wants cash at once: cne or two JTSO
lots for JiiO; Elizabeth ft., near Diamond; lot
2€xll4; \-ery desirable for a home.
iio5?. How Is this ?
Only one-half a block from Market and 17th
«s. and C*etro-st. cars: fifteen minutes to City
Hall: two-etorjr house of 7 rooms and bath; lot
40-foot front; will eurely etll this week; cail
tarli".
JM0 cash Rents $37 £0 per month
rwautiful modem fiats located in the Mission:
finest chance for home-seekers ever offered:
you ray us KO0 ceEh down and J37 60 per
month : this includes Interest and principal; in
other words, you pay us what the flats rent for;
you buy the property for your rent money.
BALDYVIN "i* "howELU 'f 6' Montgomery* et! * *
v CREAM OF PARK LOTS!
i v Oppoeite new Park entrance
Rare chanct for home builders and In-..
..vwtnen! se«kers .—
....Choicest bulICing lots en very easy pay-..
..tner.tp; en the H-st. electric cars and front-..
..ing Golden Gate Park and the new ISth-..
..ave boulevard. Lets and streets on official..
..|rrs<3*: macadamized
....Plank sidewalks, cas and mater service....
Low prices; taund to increase In value....
..Tour cwn terms. Interest only 6 per cent..
— Money advanced for building purposes;..
..the costliest and handsomest modern houses..
..In Sunset Dtrtrlct are now bein^ occupied..
..»n! constructed on the new l»th-ave. boule-..
..vard „
Call at once at our branch effice (open..
..week days. Sundays and holidays). eorneV..
. ,<-f II st. and (th ave.. south of Golden Gate..
..Perk, anO ask to be shown these beautiful..
..lots. Full particulars and price lists also..
..at cur cTfic* %
BALDWIN & HOWEiL.
10 Montgomery tt. •
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.
635 MARKET STREET.
BIO PAYING MISSION 1XVEST1IENT-
IS.750— Rests $331 per annum, all rented: 4 fine
modern Cats of S and C rooms asd bath
asd rear house: lot 40x110 feet; '16th,
near Valencia tt.
EOUTH OF MARKET BUSINESS PROP-
ERTY.
15.055— "W;d« bitumen street: ears pass: lot 2Sx
137:*: store 4 rooms: 2 Cats above and
2 rear tenemecta; rented for J770 per
BSSSZ3U
PARK PANHANDLE FLATS.
17.500— Recta SJ"5 per annum: S new elegant
modem Cats; porcelain tube; frescoed
dome, ceilings, etc.; oa Ashbury it.
PATS 14 PER CENT.
SNAP— ON LARKIN STREET— BARGAIN. l
16.000— Near Pine tt; rests $71 per month; I
f.re Cats.
LTON STREET RESIDENCE.
S4, 000— Modern residence. 7 rocms and bath;
hot house; rarfien with cement walks;
make effer; lot 2£xllS:9 feeL
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
U.500— Make offer: * Cats of 6. 4. S rooms; rent*
$27 w per menth; nr. Eth and Howard sts
SOUTH OF MARKET BARGAIN.
fl.COO — Recta SS09 per year; fronting on two
street?; 2 Cats and cottage.
P\ LOVELT HOME ~
MIDST SUNSHINE AND FLOWERS
£00 cash down price J1.500
Balance as rent; modern Mission cottajre
6 rooms and bath; sunny side street.
BEACTTP-CL MObTfRN FLATS
FOR IOUU RENT MONET
SSOO each down; t*o attractive modern flats
of 4 and S rooms and bath; rented for
ta per month.
CHEAPEST LOT IN THE RICHMOND.
$630— Southeast cor. 1Kb and California et:
27:4zX:l feet.
WILL. BE PLEASED TO SUBMIT OFTEES
ON ANT OF ABOVE PROPERTIES.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
638 MARKET STREET.
NOTICE.
PROBATE SALE.
Notice Is hereby riven that pursuant to an
ortVr of court the Union Trust Company, as
executors of the trill of A- V. R. Plxley, de-
ceased, will sell In subdivisions all the lot*
owned by paid estate in the Mock bounded by
FHlmore, etelner. Union and Green Bts. u.t
prices ranging from
»12» AND UPWARD.
B* member, streets are accepted, lota «u-e
larjre aad lev-eL command irrand »-iewe, are In
cloee proximity to the most fashionable resi-
dence «*cUon of the city. Three lots were soid
last week on which handsome buildings will
b« erected at once; lots bound to sell quickly.
Think of the price, only J1250 for a very de-
tlrabl* lot In the Western Addition. Flllmore
ft. electric and Union st, cars pass the prop-
erty, tratusferrin* to all portions of the city.
Be* them to-day. . , -
LYON A HOAG. 114 Montgomery et.
A VERT .desirable corner In Richmond; suit-
able for boilness or for church society; south-
east corner of dement et. and Eleventh ave. ;
fronting: 100 feet on sunny side of Eleventh
ave. by *« feet on Clement et.; all rtreet work
done; cars pass every few minutes; price
re^ucWl to tlTM; It Is Jurt the epot to establish
a missies church society, as there are hun-
dreds • of families 11%-lng In the Immediate
vicinity. W. J. GUNN, 130 California st-.
between Montromery and Keamy. '
IF yea b»ve well-located property in the Mis-
sion, either vacant lots or nice residence, and
you really want to selL then call on the under-
slgned. W. J. GUNN. 630 California St.
HAVE you property In the Potrero or Excelsior
Homestead Tract that you want to sell? Then
call on W. J. GUNN. ti» California st.
HOUSE and lot; modern improved house for
¦ale for cash or easy terms. IS Cotter st. ;
Ingleside car.
CHICKEN ranch to let. with cottage, stable,
abicken house*. 210 Cnenery rt.: lot USxllO.
J. B. LEWIS. 436 Montgomery gt.. 1? to 2.
MODERN houses built; lowest prices: plant and
Mtlmales furnished. Campbell, 1117 Mission.
BATXBOAD TRAVEL.
, (PACIFIC «HT««.)
YrsUna !•»*• •*¦«* »re «¦• «• arrive ml
- «*x ru.iv:i.M'o.
(Main line. Foot of Mark** Street.)
Uatb — : From Ocxobi* L I9C0l — a aaro
•7:00a. Benidi. Snisan, dnln. Vko>C2«,
Bomsey and aaersm«nto *7*O»
*?j4M>a Eha«a Express— Darts. Williams (far
..- Bsrtlett SprlngiX Willows. Bad
Blufl. PoniaixL. *Ti43v
•7i30 a SI arUna, a *a lUmon.Val>jo. Xapa,
C»iistrgA*cd -Uut* Ro*» *«lI9y
•SiOOa Saris. Woudland. Kafcats Landing.
MarjiTMe. Oroiills.. •?:«3*
•HsOQa AtUatie Kzpreas— Ogdon and East *12i I *»
•K:Oii a Nile*. Tracy. Laiarcp, 8tocfc1en •»!-13a,
•»i-»Ua 8«a Joae. Lifetmore, gtoekton. '
lone, daersinenta. PI»cprrlD%
Sfani'Hle. Chico. lUd Bluff MtlSf
•«i»»« O»kd»!e. CohMM. Sonorm. O*rten... *4»l3p
•»:•»« Rafwtnia. MUraaad Way s-^tion*. *1 1:13*
**iW0a Im Angelas Express — Martinez.
Trwj, L*U>rop. Htocktoo, Moraed
Fresao »uj Lc» £n£*'m *Til.1r
•»-.3»A Villein. M&rtines tu.t \Uf Station* ¦&|43*'
•!»:««« Tna Overland LJ,nlw*l~ Ogiea. DflU-
»er. Omaha. Chicago *«;43f
•11:OOa Siles, Stockton. 3acramnit». Men-
dota. Fresao, Haaford. vlaalla,
PsrtmrriU* *lilS»
•1 IiOOa LJrermora. 8mag«r, Gcohen J -mo-
tion, Baken£eld, Loa Annie*. ....
•I 2:00m Hajwwds. Mies aud VVaj auiiom. *St43»
fliOOr SaerAineoto Klier ,-J:»«m»n 13:004
•SiUOr Howards, Nilrs and Waj£tation«. *3U3*
*4iO*r Maitium. haw lUmot,. VaUbJow
Sapa. Call»u>«a. rtaut* Itoa* **(lSa
Mi4»»r B-clcIa. Wiaten, SMtameoto,
Woodland. Kul«hU Laadloj.
HaniTllla. Orotllla •14(«la
•4i»»f Kn«a.Haa Jom aud Stockton *7iia*
««sO« r Tlie Owl Umibed-Tncx. frano,
BakanSeltl. Has go* for &anU Car-
barv Loa Angeles... : 'lOilSt
•9t—r Stockton...... *tH4M*
••iMrUew Oriraoa Kxnreaa— llakeiaflald.
hank* Barbara. Loa AD(9i(«. D»ob-
Infc Kl T%*\ »a* Oriaaaa aud
K*st «7i434
•*i««»r BaTwtnb. Sllea and Saa Jos« •7i«3»
fS:««r Vaflajo *l3il3r
•«iO»r Oriental Mnll-OgJen, Chtjtna*.
Omaha. Chlc«g-> *12i43f
•«:OOr Ori«r.t»! Mali— Oplen, OraT«r.
Omaha. Chioa(o. MiISp
•7»««» Nllej, Tracy, Lathrop, Stocktca.... »l4il3r
•7:OOr Or-f .«, ana CalHornia Kipr«aa.Ha«.
r»ui«ktu. MArj,.,(ll.. lUJJIug. .
.. « „*!•""¦"•¦'. P«f«» Mound aii.1 Kast *«st3*
J»iO3f Tailejot Poit CcjU and W«» 3ta
*»oua - t»'— *
COAST !>ITIs|oM (.farran iiaase).
< Toot of Market 3tr««t.)
**i!3a Newark. CenlnrT!il0,.SaaJos«,ir«lb>n,
BonMar Creek.S *ut a Onu aad Way
butioim >«iM»
tM*l9t JJew*r* Ceuter»l!ls. Sau Joaa, Na*
Almaiieo. fviton. Buuldar Creak.
Haoia Criu aad Friudpal Wai
8UUous t«»i4««
•flil.ir ITewark. !*«n Joa«. Loa Catos "»:3«a
al l*43r Bantots" Eio-jmioc. Saa Joa* aad
Wayatattona VTi*T
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rnaSls rillCiSCO— FmI «r lum SUiw -siu !)—
*!;" - sSiS %££: I1:M #2:53 "*
I fnaOtlUIB— Fid *r ¦»*••¦?.— '«;00 9.C9 10:00am.
j t»:S3 *1:53 »:C3 •frtt 11:S3 'IMr.M.
COAST I»IT1S1O^ (Broad (.aaa-ei.
(Third ai «* Townaawi Sta.)
! 4«tl*A Oewu View. Souta Sao Fraoeisoo.. l«i»«p
•Jillti Ban Jom ••¦«! 7ay SUtluit. (5«w
Alinadar Wedoetdaji only) *liSOf
•••••a Man Joaa. Ti«a Plnua. Hant* Cms.
Pa«td« Oro»e. faaa Ituhiaa. flu
l.uis Oteiapu, Surf, Lompoe aud
Principal Wat Sutlnm Malty
! •IQi'ft* Saa Jos« snd W«y aUtious. •*:J3»
¦IllSOa baa Joaa aud W a- Sutlom •SiJOr
ta>!3r 3»:i Matra, Redwood. Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. Santa Clara. Man Jom.
Trea Plooa. Santa Cun, ««H"^.
Manteray aud Pacifle Gro»» tl*<**4
f»iS»r Saa Jom and Way Stallou* *7>Sur
fl:l3r8anJoieai>d Principal WaySutioua *9:13a
t3iOOr San Joae. Loa Gatoa aad Principal
Way Stattoo* t3:0«i
•5:3Or Saa Joae and Principal Way Stations 'SsSSa
¦fi:30r Sau Jote and Way Station* f«:«o«
Bll:43r3au Joae ami Way HUHona *7:3»>
A for MorntBg. P for Afternooa.
•Dally. » t Sunday exeepted. - 1 Studay aaij.
A£jv5HrdaTJSIsly.
CALIF0BN1A N08TBWESTEBN £Y. CO.'
SAX FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIHC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlboron Ferry. Foot of Market St.
bajt raxxcisco to ban rafaex.
WEEK DATS— 1:301. »:00. U:0Q a. S3.: 11:35.
1:30 5:10, 1:30 p. m. Thnrsdaya— Extra trip
at 11:35 w. m. Saturdays— Extra trtpa at Ii4>
and 11:30 o. in.
Sl;NDATi-S:0O. 9.30. 11:00 a. ra.: 1:30. 13a,
B:CO. S:Ij 3. is.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAT3-«:10. T:S>. »:», 11:19 a. n.: 11:43.
1:4*. J:15 p. m. Batardays—Extra trlpa at
1:35 and S:X3 d. m.
EVNDAY?— «:10, *:40. VL\3» a. m.t 1:«. »«•.
6:M. 1:23 p. m.
Between Saa Francisco and fictnetxen Partt
nun schaduU as abora.
Ijpi7« ] Xa ESeet. I ArrlT*
Ban Frajictace. [Apr. 15. l»0O.[ Ban gTanctaeev^
We«k I Sjia- I I Bun- I W»«*
Days. ( days, f Destination.) days. | Day.
7:39 am S:0O era KrTmto«. 10:48 am! »: 40 am
t:30 prn S:3O aja Pstajuma. (:0S pmilO.tS in
B .13 pin 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. I.Si pin! «¦» P«
Fulton.
7:30 am Wladaor. 10:3 am
Haaldsbors;.
Lytton.
Geysenrlll*.
t:tOpo 8:C0am aoverdala. ?:Spn »:»pa
T:39 ami I Hopland I 110:25 an
1:30 pml 1^0 ami and UXlah. | 7:» pm, «:» pra
7:33 em 10:2S aza
v S:C3 am Guersernie. 7:SS pm
1:30 gm . «:MPQ
T;30 am, 3:00 aja Sonoma. I 9:15 ara S:4J ta
and (
1:13 psnf 5:00 pin Glen Ellen. | t:C3 pin »:V> pta
I.-S-I aaaj 8:W am! 113:40 am|10:23 am
1:30 pm! 5:00 pml SebastepoL I 7:35 pmj 1:10 pal
Sta.se» concept at Santa. Rcsa for Mark 'West
Eprinn and Wnite Salplrar Bprlnss: at Fnltoa
for Altraria: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geysenrtll* for Skagss Epringrs: at Cloferdala
far the Geysers: at Hopland for Danoaa
Bprin«^. Highland Sprlnira. Kel»«yvlll«, Carls-
bad Springs. Sods Car. L&keport and Bartlett
Pprtn?s; at tntlaa for Vichy Sprln«^. Saratosa
Ppria<3. Blue Lakes, Laurel D»!l Lake, Witter
Sprtnss. Upper Lake. Pomo, Potter Valley,
John Day's. Rtv9r»«d«. Uorley's, Backnell's,
Eanhedrta Heights. Hall-rllle. Orr'a Hot
Eprincs. Mendoctno City. Tort ¦ Bragrff. 'West-
port UsaL Wllltti, Laytonnile. Cnnimlna,
Bell's Sprinrs, Harris, Olsen's, Drer, Scotl*
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sunday round trip tickets ta all potats
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offices. 850 Market st. Chronicle bid*
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RTAN.
General Manacer, Gen. Paaa. Ax«at>
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto F*rry.
Commencing September JO. 1900.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEZ
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS-4:55. *9:15. U:0O a. m., 1:4*
1:15. 4:C0. 1:15. »«:15. 1:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Vallar and Saa
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays aad Satur-
days at >:00 and 11:35 p. m.
8UNDATS-»S:0O. »10:C0.. II :» a. dl. liO,
1:15. '4:45. «:30. 9:C0 p. m.
Train* marked <•) run to San Qnentta.
FROM HA.V RAFAEL. TO SAN FRAXC13CO,
WEEK DATS— »:». »«J0. »:45» »:M a. nx.
•13:30,1:45, «3:tX 4:S0. »:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Baturdays at (:C and 19:20 p. m.
8UNDAY3-«:». *M. "W:^ »U:« lia,
•1:40. n:^ 4:45. ««J0 p. to.
Trains marked «•> start from Saa Qoeotta. -
', FROM TtfTT-r- VAIXET TO SAN FRANCISCOU
WEEK DAT3-5:45. J:4i. 1:63^ IJO i. nu
13:35. MO. 3:30. 4:54. t:20 p. in.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:10 p. ra.
SXTSDATS— «:06. 10:05 a. m.. U:M. 1:13. I^IQ.
1:00, •:« p. ra-
THROUGH TRA1N3.
C:5S a. m. week days— Caxadero and way st*.
ttona.
1:45 p. ra. Baturdaya— TomaJei and way ata>
ttona. • :'--- i : : -
8:00 a. n. Stindavs— Tamalea aad way «ta»
poo*
5anta Fe
Trains— Da^y*
Leave &Iarket-«tr«et Ferry De^ot *
L-re. San Francisco. » 9:00 a m 4:14 p ml S:CO p m
Arr. Brockton 13:» P m 7:1S p mlU:C« p m
•• Mrrced ........ *:4S p.m — — 1:18 a a
" Freeno ...— — 4:20 pm 1:05 am
** VioalU 1:00 p m 4:50 a ta
*• Tulare ......... 1:23 pm i :10 am
•• Hanford 5:33 pm t:04 a n»
•* Bakersaeld ... 8:50 p m 7:30 a n
•• Denver 10:00 am - '
•• Kansas Oty... 1:15 p m
** Cblcayo T:40 a m .
t a. m. tntn la the Overland Express. Corr»»
¦paadlnx; train arrives at S p.- m. dally.
4:10 p. m. Is Stockton LocaL Correapaodtnf
train arrives 11:06 a. m. dally.
8:00 p. m. Is Fresno and BakeraSeld Express.
with Sleeping- Cars for both cities. Corraapood*
lne train arrives at 8 a. m. dally.
OFFICES-441 Market at. aad In Ferry Depot,
Ban Fr«nc1aco: Ills Broadway. Oakland.
f Gibbon's Dispensary,
Inrll I", 1 * 34 t0 , T «»«tr»tinentol Privaw
nik'ffiff Dlieases, Lost Manhood Debility or
*wV5f* : iEi* disease v^a^ofoo bodyand mind and
OJ3£w\t3 DiseaaeaTibe 4ocu>rcure«\*nea
"^ Try him. Ch»nra» low!
5WBH ('rre<cnaraat»e<1, CailorwritA
Pf, J. JT. telBBOSl BOX 19a7.flan gr-*^?
REAL ESTATE CITY— FOR SALE.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. —~— ~~ -
14 MONTGOMERY STREET.
AUCTION!
AUCTION!
AUCTION!
AUCTIO N!
AUCTION!
AUCTION!
At our Salesroom, Monday, November 6, 1900, at
12 O'clock Noon.
CHOICE BUSINESS CORNER.
¦ Partition Sale.
NW. cor. Jackson and Drumm sts.: improve-
I ments consist of 6 Etores and lodging-house
rented to one tenant: $120 per month: lot 60x60.
HAYES-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
Administrator's Sale.
451 and 453 Hayes et.. near Octavla.; flat of 6
rooms and bath, coal yard and stable: rents', $53
per month: lot 25x120 to rear street; subject to
confirmation by the Superior Court.
ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE.
An undivided half interest in the following J
properties, subject to confirmation by the court:
NO. 1.
Ml. S43 and MS Halght St.. S. line, near Flll-
more st.: S 2-story bay-window houses of 7
rooms and bath each; ixnta $75 per month; ce-
ment walks: street accepted: lot 60x1 J* to rear
rtreet.
NO 2.
Market st.. S. line. bet. Noe and Castro sts.;
this choice lot Is well situated and rapidly be-
coming choice business property; lot 82:10x131.
irregular. - . • .
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
2129 Green St.. S. line, near Flllmore/ st. :
choice modern residence of 14 rooms and 3
bathe; commanding a marine view; lot SS:Sx
127:6.
1 DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT.
[ 22. 24 and 26 Mary St.. near 5th and Mission
j rts,; 3 two-story houses of 6 rooms each: al-
1 ways rented; rents $42 per month; with little
•, outlay these rents could be considerably im-
proved; lot 4Px76:2.
BRYANT-ST. INVESTMENT.
IT2 and E32H Bryant St., K. line, near 3d St.:
2 Cats of 5 rooms and bath each: rents 129 per
month; street accepted: lot surveyed and title
guaranteed by the California Title and Insur-
ance Co.; lot 15x80.
I SOUTHSIDE INVESTMENT.
; 82 Morris ave., bet. Harrison and Bryant. 6th
] and 6th sts. : Improvements consist of S flats of
4 rooms each; rents $27 per month; cement side-
walk: street accepted; bank mortgage of $1250
at 6 r>er cent can remain.
CHOICE BUSINESS PROPERTY.
J3S5 and 3SST Seventeenth St.. near Junction of
Market and Castro sts.: this desirable business
property consists of etore and rear cottage;
etreet accepted by the city: lot 50x100.
f CHOICE MARKET-ST. LOT.
Market Et., N. line, near Church tt.; lot 2Sx
128, irregular; Etreet bitumlnlzed and accepted
by the city.
For further particulars apply at our office.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
14 Montgomery sL
j 11KAL ESTATE COUNTRY — For Sale
j FOR saJe cr lease — (*i acres near San Mateo;
j good soil: perfectly level 211 Church St.,
I near Market, call after 6 p. ra.
KKAL. ESTATE TO KXCUAAGK;
i M. GRIFFIN.. 719 Market St.. room 1-Hundreds
j of farms and city property for exchange or
I sale. Full particulars, call at my offlce.
NEW cottage. 6 rms.. bath: lot 50x100: Mission;
rental terras; and vacant lots. 413 K»arny i«L
REAL ESTATE WAXTED.
A SMALL farm, near town; no agents. Box
S?26. Call office. '
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALOIEDA REAL ESTATE.
j JI2&O— AUCTIOX pricey finest modern B-room
cottage In Alameda; pjrfect plumbing; Hn«
location; 2 blocks from station & high school;
fair terms. A. G. Burns, 1501 Park. Alameda.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY HEAL ESTATE.
THERE'S MONEY IN TT. ~~~ ~~~~~~~
Only $1500; a fine piece of property, fronting
on S streets: size 12Px270: lust one block from
new school house elte and just the place to
raise poultry.
MASON & McLENATHEN.
¦j Adjoining P. P., Berkeley.
i $400— 13> CASH, balance $10 per month: S-room
i cottage In Food condition; high basement:
pood well; all sewered: 3 blocks to cars: few
fruit trees. W. C. MORAN, Lorin station,
Eert:e!ey.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS,
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND HEAL ESTATE.
FOR sale In Oakland— Nine-room modern house,
built for home by day's work; lot €0x132; 3
blocks from local station; best residence neigh-
borhood: for sale to close estate at S4750; less
than house cost. HERON & HOLCOMB. 1069
Broadway.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
OOOD bouses. Get list from GEO. W. AUS-
% TIN & CO.. IOCS Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURXiTURE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from II. 6chellhaas. th*
fcrciture dealer. 11th and Franklin, Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CLEMEXTIXA, 291. off Fourth St.— Complete
housekeeping rooms; private.
EDDY. MS— Second floor of 4 nicely furnished
rooms; newly papered; no children; splendid
location; private residence.
| FIFTH. 3S3 — 3 furnished housekeeping, connect-
j ir.g. $14; also 2, 112; also hall rooms, S4 to $3.
' HARRISON, 731—3 rooms, furnished complete
for housekeeping; large yard; rent $13; first
floor.
HOWARD, HIS— 2 nice housekeepinr rocms,
furnished. J3: also 1 housekeeping room, «5.
HYDE. 408 — Sunny front alcove suite, complete
for hous»ke«pinc %20; also other suite, $17.
HOWARD, 606— Large front bay-window room
ard kitchen, ccmplste for housekeeping*; fine;
cheap.
IVY ave.. 23*. near Franklin— 3 furnished
gunny front rooms for housekeeping: rent {13.
OCTAVIA, 14CS, corner Geary— Large eunny
fumlfhed bay-window; mantel; gwa; light
housekeeping; 110.
SHIPLEY, 281. near Sixth— Complete house-
keeping rooms, double or single; prlv.; cheap.
SOUTH PARK, 1S4— Three sunny front rooms
nicely furnished; convenient for housekeeping.
WEBSTER. 1^42— Furnished rooms, suitable for
housekeeping, or single. •
WILLOW ave., 10. off Larkln, near Eddy— »12;
2 rooms furnished for hskpg.; no children.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
rubscriptions baa been established at 103»
Valencia st. >
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2J00 Flllmore st.
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and fnfurn.
A-BRUNSWICK House, 14V Sixth-Rooms 25c
to $1 per night; tl M to $5 per week, and light
housekeeping; open all night.
BURNETT^ 142« Market (Old No. 1364)— Fur-
clshed rms, suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH. 520 (The Elk)-Changed hands; newly
renovated, nicely furn. sunny rms., SI B0 to $7
week; 25c to 1 1 50 night. MRS. P. RAXFT.
BUSH. 627— Nicely furnished sunny room to let.
CLIFFORD. KH Ellis, cor. Mason— Handsomely
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
FOLSOM. 565. cor. 6th (The Oliver)— New fur-
nlghed sunny rms., single or suites; reasonable.
GEARY, 3S4— Sunny front room and other
< tpo?n». >1 60 and C 50 per week.
GEARY. 405 <The Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
nns; suites or single; travelers accommodated.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts. — Sunny rooms, en suite or
single; ladies* parlor; reading-room; elevator.
LARKIN, S13V4— Large sunny room, suitable for
2 gentlemen; gas and bath; reasonable.
LAS PALMAS. l£!0 Market st.— Suite of 1 or I
-rrr.s.; private; bath; sin. rms.; board opt'onal.
LINDEN ave., 318, near Gough— One large fur-
nished room; also email one; reasonable.
MINNA. «67. corner Eighth— New furnished
bay-window room. (1 per week: transient.
MISSION, 6E2. 1 block from Call— Fine double
rooms;' permanent and transient.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market St.— Nicely
furnished rooms. $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms 'and
offices; elevator; electric lights; day, wk., mo.
ROSEDALE House. 319 and 821 Ellis St.— Rooms,
night 25c to tl. week XI 25 to }4; open night.
ROYAL House, 1*6 Ellis St.— Incandescent light;
reading-room, emoklng-room and ladies' par-
I lor; rooms, per night, Sic to fl 50; week, $2 to
SS; month.. $S to S30; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth st.
near. Market— Furnished - or unfurnished.
SIXTH, lit— Suite of furnished rooms, suitable
for business; also email room. •_-_••.
SUTTER, 717,' near Taylor— Sunny, choice, rea-
sonable; please Investigate; bath.
laus Harder, a native of Elmshorn, Holstein.
, Germany, aged 60 years and 30 days. ", ;. j:. -J
Cy Friends and " acquaintances are respect-''
' fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday)," at 1:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of H. F. - Maass, 917 Mission street.
: near Fifth. Interment I. O. O. F: Cemetery.
HAYES— In this city, October 29. 1900, Aleck.
; beloved : eon of Bridget and the late Dennis
Hayes, and brother of Agnes, Hannah ami
Kittle Hayes and -Mrs.' W., Lam burth. a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 25 years 5 months
and 28 days. . , . ..¦' , -;
icy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 403 Halght street, thence to - Sacred
Heart Church, corner of Flllmore and Fell
streets, where a solemn requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9:20 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
HEISE— In this city, October », 1900, Anna,
dearly beloved wife of Henry Helse. mother
of Herrman and John D. Helse. and sister
of Chris Hartmann, a native of Germany,
aged 22 years 9 months and 25 days. , .
" C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from ber late resi-
dence, 11 Surry 'street, between Castro and
Diamond.* Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery,
by electric funeral car from Castro and Chen-
ery streets. ¦ i ; v
KIRWIN— In the- City and ' County Hospital,
October 30, 1900. Andrew Klrwin. a native of
Ireland,, aged 4S years.
LAWLOR— In the City and County Hospital.
October 80, 1900, Peter Lawlor. a native of
Ireland, ared 60 years.
LELAND— In this city, October 80. 1900, George
W.. beloved son of Henry C and Alicia Le-
land, a native of San Jose, aged S3 years and
11 menths. . . . .
MATRISCH— In this city, October 29, 1900,
Charles, dearly beloved son of Mrs. Bertha
Mayrlsch and the late- Otto " Mayrlsch, and
brother of Otto, William, Herman and Fred
Mayrlsch. Mrs. A. Olson and Mrs. A. Alli-
son, a native of San Francisco, aged 27 years
6 months and 2S days.
CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at S o'clock, from the- funeral
parlors of Valente. Matinl & Co.. 1524 Stock-
ton street, near Union, thence to L.O. O. F.
Cemetery.
MORINE— In this city. October 23, 1900. Edgar
S.. husband of Catherine E." Morlne. and
brother of Mrs. A. M. Turner of San Diego,
Cal., a native of Port Medway, Nova Scotia,
aged 45 years 1 month and 15 days.
E7Ftiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the Mission
Masonic Temple. 2663 Mission street, between •
Twenty-second and Twenty-third, under the
ausp'.ces of Mission Lodge No. 169, F. and
A. M. Cremation Odd Fellows' - Cemetery.
Remains at the funeral parlors of Bunker &
Lunt. 2666 Mission street. ;
SMITH— In this city. October 29. 1900. Margie,
beloved daughter of Savlna and the late
Stanley C. Smith, and granddaughter of Mrs.
Eliza K. Smith, a native of England, aged 8
years 8 months and 29 days.
(C7Frlends and acquaintances are'respect-
fnlly invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from her
late residence. 731 Sutter street. Interment
private. Masonic Cemetery. -
6TROM— In this city, October », 1900. Gustave
Strom, a native of Alax Wasa, Finland, aged
42 years.
STUART— In this city, October 23, 1900. Lea-
nora, beloved wife of Alfred Wallace Stuart,
daughter of David and Mary Eller, mother of
Bertha and Earl Bldwell. and sister of Mrs.
Mary Wilbur and Mrs. Nevada Cox, a native
of Shasta County, Cal., aged SS years 9
months and S9 days. -• • ¦
CT'FTiends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from her lat»
residence. 602 McAllister street, thence to the
Church of the Advent, Eleventh street, near
Market, where services will be held - at 11
o'clock. Interment Cypress v Lawn, Cemetery.
EULLIVAN — In \this city, October 80. 1S00,
James O. Sullivan, a native of Essex County,
New York, aged 66 years. . . ¦ "
ZZ? Friends and acquaintances and members
of Typographical Union No. 21 are- respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
McAvoy & Co., 1239 Market street, between
Eighth and Ninth, thence to St. Mary's (Paul-
ist) Church, corner California and Dupont
streets, for services commencing at 1 o'clock.
Interment National Cemetery.
WATERMAN-In this City. October 23. 1900.
Charles E., youngest and beloved son of Cath-
erine and the late John Waterman, and
brother of Mrs. Louise Jahn and George
Waterman, a native of San Francisco, aged
37 years 3 months and 4 days.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at t o'clock, from" the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co., 11S7 Mission street., be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
OFFICERS and members of Crystal Council
No. 4. O. C. F.. are noticed to attend the fu-
neral of our late friend. Terrence Borden.'
this day (Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from
McGinn's undertaking parlors, 31 Eddy street.
By order TRUE LOCKE. Councilor.their services.*" The cerks who applied for
overtime pay are Isaiah Sih'er. Robert
Miller. Frank J. Burke, John Hannan. M.
G. Karpe. James A. Douglass, George M.
Bowne. Charles H. Dodge and W. T.
Kearns. ¦¦-*-'¦ -j
Lane, ; Villa -de" Jew Town, In the Land of San
Fran— Dear' Mdlle: It is very hard for me to
te able to tell you on what evening I can have
my freedom. • On Thursday night I have to go
to Southard's, although sometimes he Is not
there. . On.' Friday evening. I may have to at
tend Anderson's quiz. And then again I may
not, but, of course, I cannot tell now, and at
the same time do not know when I will know.
I never know until the end of the day whether
I have a quiz that night or not.. As far as I
know I will have no qulx on next Monday night
and can'.possibly go out to the college then.
I njlghtbe able to go 'on Thursday or Friday
evening:. "but, don't and won't know until the
afternoon of either day. So you see how I am
fixed. I am .growing, a little bunch of whiskers
on ( my,chln. \ If I find I have no quiz on Thurs
day I can let you know at 7:30 p. m. So now
you can arranffeAyour. plans according to the
above.:- 1 So fcood-by for. the present, with love
etc.. RALPH A. HUNTINGTON.
Detectives Dlnan and Wren went to the
office of Dr. Huntington last night, and
finding nothing gained -entrance to the
room in which the operation had been per
formed. Scattered about the room were
a number. af surgical Instruments. The
condition of the place showed that when
the girl died a hurried exit was made by
those in the room. The- room Is in a
lodging-house, but none of the , occupants
were aware that a death had occurred
there.
The instruments bear conclusive evi
dence of having; been used recently. . They
were > left promiscuously about the room
without "being cleaned.
THE THREE PRINCIPALS IN THE SCANDAL THAT IS BLACKENING THE MEMORY OF A YOUNG WOMAN
AND IS BLIGHTING. THE CAREER AND REPUTATION OF AT'LEAST • ONE ' RECENTLY GRADUATED
PHYSICIAX OF THIS CITY.
to become a nurse she had taken a course
of- lectures. He was frequently \n""her
company and , often visited her at her
home. Her sister, he said, knew nothlnr.
of her condition nor did she have any
knowledge of . an . intended operation."
Huntington claims that he did not notify
the Coroner at once because of his ig
norance of .procedure in such cases. As
yet.no charge has been, prefer red against
either Hill or Huntington,. though .Hunt
ington is held pending the Inquest with
out bonds. . ' ':.:."; "V :
; Captain .Seymour has .In his' possession
two letters found In the dead girl's trunk.
The first is from Robert Davis," janitor, of
the College . of Physicians and Surgeons,
ajid addressed to her* at r Merino ¦'; Stock
Farm, Pleasanton, Cal.,' care- of Dr. Lopes.
The' second; is addressed,- to 47' Rausch :
street, and is from 'Huntington/' The first
letter is as follows:. • , ', , ' : -«. /
Collesce 'of Physicians" and- Surgeons of -.San
Francisco, Howard street, between Fourth
.and Fifth. ' : : ' ' ' " - ~ '
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal., August 6, .1839.
•My. Dear Janie: .Tour kind and welcome let
ter to • hand this ¦ morning:. I " went . over ' to
Sausallto yesterday afternoon -, and returned
with: the boat' leaving there; at .10:50,, arriving
home I little before 12. To my | great dismay I
discovered that my keys were in my other coat
pocket, ¦' so I had '.to: go lodging huntlne. I
went over, to Dan, Eighth. and Natoma, and
found 'rest f or , my ;weary bead. 'This morning
In loavinr, and' being ' so. close -' to Rausch
street. I stopped to 'see Bcile-and found her
busy.' catching J fleas.* Being ' afraid of those
lively creatures [ I J hurried home. Now you
DR. RALPH ADDISON* HUXTING
TOK, in whose\offlce Jennie Mc-
Kown died while under the in
fluence of chloroform. 13 etill
under detention at the City Prison
pending further developments.
Dr. J. D. Hill, the friend of Hunting
ton, who was called In by him and assist
ed in the administering of the anesthetic,
was released on bonds in the sum of $5000,
guaranteeing his appearance" at the In
quest to-day.
The sureties on the bond were Joseph
Rosenberg and A. Hrrman: They were
accepted by Police Judge Fritz' with the
consent of Captain of. Detectives Sey
mour.
Hill contends" that' bis; connection -with'
the case amounted simply, to the admin
istering of the chloroform. He had been
called in by Huriiington .for that purpose
and did not perform any operation. Pre
vious to the giving of the. anesthetic' he
declares that he had examined . the girl
and found her strong enough to receive it.
From the letters found in the_trunk and
among the effects of the dead, woman' it
is quite evident that Dr. Huntingtbn had
been keeping company with her for" about
two years. -Vi : •-. ¦ .
Mrs. Belle McCottrey, Bister of the dead
girl, is emphatic In charging,£he blame for
her sister's death to Huntington— more
so since the letters from him have been
made public ' ¦;;•¦ -. •"iU:
Dr. Huntington became acquainted with
MJss McKown at the College 'of Phys«
cians and Surgeons, where while training
WEBSTER ALONE
IN HIS STAND
ON SCHOOL LAW
Hark Says He Is the Only
One Who Has Blocked
Certificates.
Dr. Magnus and Miss Ball Will Have
to Fight for Their Salaries
Because of a Tech- .
nicality.
The trouble over the certificate of Miss
•Catherine Ball is likely to end in a sujt
o determine the legal standing of the
Board of Education. As it stands now
;he board has renewed her certificate
*-lthout the consent or recommendation
it tl:c Beard of Examiners and the Su
perintendent will refuse to sign her war
•ant for November. She will have to sue
>ut a writ of mandamus to \x>mpel him
;o do fo and he will contend that the
3oaid of .Education has not the power to
esue or renew certincates without the
»on«tnt or co-o*>tTation of the Supenn
"eadfsit. The c-narter says the Doard
nay itnc-w certificates: the charter says.
xio, that the Board ot Kxaminers stiaii
iavr power to recommend the renewal or
rertJtuater; the state law say* that
: ountv Fuperimendents shall Issue certin
•a.t«-**anu the State constitution say? cer
iiflcates shall be issued by the county
»oaras and county superintendents. It Is
tard to &ay what they all mean.
"There is" not one of the superintendents
jf cho State, besides Mr. NV ebster,' saiu
Mr Mark, president of the Board of
Education, yesterday, "who has taken
luch a technical position in regard to tn*
taw. lie claim.* that special as well as
regular teachers shall have such crefien
lals as are allowed by the State Board or
Examination, and the State Board of tx
imination has named certain institutions
•kjiich it considers equal in educational
rank to :he standard of -the State Lnl
.ersity.- in the State University there U
no course of music, yet the Superlntend
fcnt would accept as a special teacher of
music a. graduate of the university when
he wouJa turn aside one who had been
;rair.ed in the best musical cclJepes of Lu
rope. for the State Board of Examination
tu>£ not mentioned musical colleges as up
to the standard of the State University.
The contention of the board is that the
law in regrard • to special teachers ir>
framed with a view to secure the be«t
specialist? obtainable, no matter where
they were educated, and the credentials
presented by the State board are forgen
eral purpose?, not special branches."
Miss Ball was educated in the Cooper
Tnion of New York. According to Mr.
Mark she is a woman with almost a na
tional reputation as a teacher of draw-
Ing. She has had a better education than
is afforded even at present by the State
University. In the same category as
her certificate is that issued to Dr. Max
Magnus, except that in her case it is a re
newal and in his it is an original issue.
I>r. Magnus has be>en trained In physical
culture in the best schools of the coun
try and he has diplomas from each. In
either the course In physical culture is so
far ahead of the gymnastics in the State
I'niversity that they cannot be compared,
yet because he has not been educated in
those Institutions named by the State
Board of Examination, the Superintend
ent will not admit that he can receive a.
certificate. In the case of Dr. Mapnus.
Mr. Mark says the Superintendent has
offered to sign his warrant as an employe,
but not as a teacher, but the board will
not issue a warrant to him as an em
ploye. No such concession has been made
In the case of Miss Ball.
With these conditions In view the board
decided that the credentials upon which
Miss Ball secured her certificate were suf
ficient, and so they renewed it. In the.
case of Dr. Magnus the same course was
taken.
. Tho Superintendent points to the law
and declares that it plainly requires that
credentials in earh case shall be the
Fame. To renew such a certificate woulrl
be to perpetuate an evil, and so the Boaril
of Examiners ha* refused to recommend
It. The rertiedy he say?, lies in examina
tion, but teacher** are not willing- to pass
an examination after years of satisfactory
Fervioe in the department, or while hold-
Ing diplomas from the best colleges of
their particular specialties. The suit
may end fn the rtissolutlon of the City-
Board of Examiners, but the members sav
they do not care, for it will relieve them
of a crrat deal of extra work. The prin
cipal contention is. therefore, how far the
board is independent of the Superintend
ent r-.f Schools.
Miss Ball will have to find that out.
Th*> Sur>printend*>nt and the board will
fitrht through the City and County At
torney, while she will nrobably spend In
attorneys" fees as much af» will come tn
her for a year or more If she be 5ucces«
ful. ard if she fall she will be that much
twhinrl.
. LadleV tailor-made i aulU.S •ilk skirts, .fur
capm; liberal credit. M. Roth»cnild.52» Sutttr. •
Joseph O'Hare Reported Missing.
*. Joseph ; O'Hare, who : lives at 542 - Jessie
street, was reported yesterday to Coroner
Cole as missing since Monday. Mr. O'Hare
Is 1 40 £ years -old- and; wears a beard that
reaches ; to his belt. , . •
Swim at Ithe Crystal "Baths.
Recommended Iby; physicians. *: Water always
clean and warm.' Tub department beit In city. •
• Father Yorke's Discourses.
The conferences now being delivered. by
the Rev. Father Yorke . ar*. St. Peter's
Church In preparation for. the commemo
ration of All..' Souls continue to draw
large , audiences • each evening. . . The sub
ject ' of . this . evening's conference will ?, be
"The ¦ Middle State." : To-morrow V: night
Father Yorke will discourse on "The Choir
Invisible.''* and' on Friday evening he will
conclude with "The Memory of the Dead."-
Trunks & traveling bags. Before , buying see
our "bureau trunk.", A. B. Smith Co.. 123 ElUa.*
Died of Apoplexy on Monticello.
A. Whitemah; a .; passenger on the.
steamer, Montlcello' from Mare Island, was
treated Cat \ the i Harbor . Hospital j for, apo
plexy ; Jast - night and died in a short time.
Little is known concerning Whiteman.- He
was , well ; dressed and : apparently i Sn fair
circumstances. i One • letter ¦. on .his person
had been, received, by. him 'at- ColuBa a few
days ago . and , another," at ; Berkeley. The
body was taken to the? Morgue;by Depu
ties Meehan and Donahue, ;>- .
Dariaa Parlor's Social.
., Darlna Parlor, N. D. G. -W., otherwise
called "the parlor of beautiful girls of the
Western Addition," j will - entertain its
friends • next -Friday night in Franklin
Hall at a bonbon social and musicaleThe
services ; of a number of . well-known en
tertainers have been secured. ¦
Evans' Ale and Stout.
: A dealer near you sells them. If you can't
find him write Sherwood & Sherwood. : • • ¦
ELECTION COMMISSION
ALLOWS , OVERTIME PAY
Auditor, However, Will Not Audit
the Demands of Extra Clerks in
Registrar's Office.
The Election , Commission decided yes
terday.to pass the demands of several ex
tra clerks in the Registrar's office for
overtime. Several petitions were filed
with the commission, in which It is staed
that : although the ; charter provides that
the ordinary,; working • day for city^ em
ployes shall consist of seven and a naif
hours the. men- havo been compelled -very
frequently: to work" from two to three
hours longer. 1 . The", petition also' says that
it may-be urijed- that the charter provides
that a deputy registrar shall not be paid
a sum exceeding $100 per month for serv
ices i and - that the men have not during
any one month received said salary.
Auditor Wells.; however,-. says that he
will not audit the demands, as the charter
explicitly, provides that all salaries of city
employes chall.be in full compensation for
Two Coroner's Verdicts.
yv'A'j verdict of 'accidental death ¦ was ren
i dered ' by ' a ' Coroner's Jury : yesterday , in
the; inquest-, upon T the ; body of Mrs.';Mar
garet'Gonzales. who swallowed carbolic
.add*; last Saturday. The evidence;intro
'duced was . td~the effect that Mrs. Gon-'
'zales may have mistaken the. poison for
a colic medicine that she- was- taking.; A
verdict of suicide while temporarily in
sane was returned in' the matter of the
death of Elizabeth Anna Flinn, who was
asphyxiated by illuminating gas on Octo
ber 28.
AH your money refunded by any dealer if not
satisfied with,' a smoke of the "American""
clear- Havana. clear. . " •
REUBEN LliOYD GIVES
POWEE OF ATTORNEY
It Is in Favor of Isabella Levy, Who
Deeded Her Valuable Hold
ings to Him.
A • power of attorney was filed in the
Recorder's office yesterday, in which Reu
ben' v " Lloyd ' grants authority to Isabella
Levy, to. dispose of,the property which" she
recently^ deeded to Lloyd, ; only reserving
to herself a life interest in the same. The
particulars of the transaction were fully
published in The Call several days* ago.
The power of attorney .'was necessary in
order to give Miss Levy the full manage
ment during her lifetime of the estate
which she had relinquished to the lawyer.
The Instrument -was acknowledged before
Holland Smith, a notary . public. . and was
witnessed by W. w. Montague and
Charles S. Wheeler/'. •
CHICAGO TEAM MAY
' PRACTICE IN LOS ANGELES
Incidentally Two or Three Exhibition
. Games May Be Held in San". :;.,,
Francisco.
.James A. Hart; president of the Chicago
Baseball Club, who is spending . a y few
days In the city, a guest at the Palace,
said last evening that the stories to I the
effect that he was to bring the Windy
City ball team to San Francisco for prac
tice this, winter were groundless..:
"If we come ;.. to-; California l at 'all,", he
said, "it will be to the southern part of
the State. The conditions seem to - be
favorable there and It Is not improbable
that ! the team will ;; be : taken ¦ to Los An
geles for three ' weeks , training prior to
the;opening; of .the season.. It may be
possible to arrange for two or. three exhi
bition f games in this city while the team
is out this way." • , .
- Mr. ¦ Hart ; says , the Chicago nine • had ¦ a
very successful season last year. It played
140 .games -and -its expenses 'aggregated
$100,000. . Three Calif ornians; played with
the team last season and Mr. Hart speaks
very- highlyAOf their work.' Hart . con
siders the prospects for the coming sea
son very good. <
POLICE COMMISSIONERS : t .->
CAUSE STABS- TO FALL
Five More Lieutenancies will Be '¦
CTeated if Chief's Redistrict- , •
ing Plan Is Adopted.
Chief . of Police Sullivan at a meeting
of the Board of Police Commissioners last
night submitted a plan for the redistrlct
lng of the city. The plan, the Chief says,
will give the city a better patrol system
and at the eame time will ¦ give a - more
even territory to the several divisions of
the department. The Commissioners
agreed to look Into the matter and will
most likely adopt the Chief's idea. • if
the change is made the department will
have five more lieutenants added to iu
list. It Is the aim of the Chief '.to have
all the stations entirely in command of
captains' lieutenants and not of-, ser-,
geantB, as Is the custom In vogue at prea. ;
ent in some sections. . o*. :
Policeman Frank Howard, who was cut
while off duty during a row in a saloon
on Central avenue, put up a strong case, to
the board, but Captain Wittman's testi
mony against his police record carried
more weight and as a result the Commis
sioners dismissed Howard from the force.
Police Officer "Owen E. Heffernan,
charged with reporting for drill' in 1 a
drunken condition, was also dismissed. •
The boundaries of the police districts, as
set out in the plan submitted by the Chief,
are an follows: * "¦ ¦*»"*-'*««
Southern district— Boundaries: West line
First. Market, Thirteenth. Division. Potrero
avenue. Twenty-second. . Rhode Island. Anny,
San Bruno avenue, county line and bay. Pre
cinct 2— Second, . Market. Fifth and Channel.
Piwclnct »— Sixth. Market. Third and Division.
Precinct 10— Potrero and South San Francisco."
Mlrslon district — Boundaries: South • line
Thirteenth. Castro, Seventeenth, Corbett road,'
Ocean avenue, ocean county line, .Ban. Bruno
avenue. Army. Rhode Island, Twenty-second,
Potrero avenue and • Division. Precinct 11—
Thirteenth. Castro, * Seventeenth,: Corbett f road,*
Tfenty- first and Potrero avenue. Precinct 12—
Twenty-first. Corbett road. Ocean "avenue.
ocean county line, - San Bruno avenue. Army,
Rhode Island. Twenty-second, Potrero avenue
and Twenty-flrpt. . ¦ - . i
Harbor ¦¦ district— Boundaries: East line of
Battery and First streets and the bay. Pre
cinct 1— Batten'. Market and the bay; Pre
cinct 2— First, ; Market and the bay.
Northern district— Boundaries: West line of
Battery,, ¦ the bay, the ocean. Ocean avenue,
Corbett read. Seventeenth 'street. Castro, Thir
teenth and Market. Precinct S— Battery, the
bay, Jones and California. Precinct 4— Battery,
California, Larkin and Markets Precinct. 5—
Jones, the bay, Steiner and Sutter. Precinct 6
— Larkin, Sutter. Steiner and Market. Precinct
7 — 8telner, the bay. ocean. Ocean avenue, Cor
bett road, Seventeenth, Castro, Thirteenth and
Market.' .. . . ¦ ' ¦ -
INCIDENTS IN POLICE COTTRT.
Frank Contreras Pleads Guilty to
Charge of Petty Larceny—Bur
glary Charges Keduced.
Tony Mottl, an Italian, appeared before
Judge Mogan yesterday on a charge of
carrying a. concealed weapon. He had a
revolver In. his possession .when arrested
Monday night by Policeman McNamara.
He explained to the Judge that he was
trying to sell the revolver, as he waa
Btranded In this city. The Judge will de
cide the case to-day.
Frank Contreras, alias Frank Williams,
accused of stealing a gold watch and
bracelet from Mrs. A. Knowlton, 25 Pul
ton street, pleaded guilty to a charge of
petty larceny before Judge Fritz yester
day. He will be sentenced this morning.
George Greeley and Henry O'Brien,
charged with burglary for breaking Into
Shaw's blacksmith shop on Market street,
had the charge reduced to petty larceny
by Judge Fritz yesterday, to which they
pleaded guilty. They will be sentenced
to-day.
The management of the Palace , Hotel
would like to hear from George H. Proc
tor, who was a guest in room 124 and
left the hotel without the formality of
settling his bill. "1 w
-Proctor came to the Palace on October
2, registering from New York. He claimed
that he was a company promoter, and
that he received such a large salary that
the hardest work he had was to cremate
his coin. His wardrobe was not very ex
tensive. In fact .when he left the hotel
last Saturday he carried off nearly all his
wearing apparel on his back, with the ex
ception of a pair of old snoes which he
left for the hotel management as a sou
venir of his visit.
Proctor is a. very much sought after
man. and the hotel clerks are repeatedly
questioned by anxious visitors as to
whether or not the great mining mag
nate has resumed quarters at the hotel.
One inquirer stated that Proctor had
some business dealings with him ana that
they were. to have met on Saturday by
appointment to close the transaction. Ho
was very Indignant and claimed that he
had 'been "done up." Proctor waa out
here iast year in the Interests of a large
Eastern mercantile house.
The attaches of the hotel are very reti
cent about the matter. They do not
know where he has gone. There Is a large
bundle of mail In his box awaiting his
perusal, also several telegrams.
Leaves Hotel Mysteriously
Without Settling His
Board Bill.
GEORGE PROCTOR,
PALACE GUEST, IS
STILL MISSING
More Evidence That Miss McKown Was the
Victim of Unskillful and Criminal Practice.
accuse me of forgetting you, quoting the old
and very" true adage, "out of sight, out of
mind.". But the boot should be on the other
leer. It Isn't; I. that forget you. , But you for
t get I.: What. do you think of this bit of Aus
tralian Dutch? ;-/';<. :.-.r'~.
Some weeks ago I wrote you a short note an<l
inclosed it in one of Belle's letters, not know
ine your address, only simply that you were
at a place called Pleasanton. I natlentlv
waited for a response ' to those pleadings of
mine ' In that note, but none came, ' so I con
cluded that all my love had been wasted and
that my girl whom I loved with an elephantine
and fantastic love, had gdne back on me. I
will not have you for a pet squeaker any more
unless you will mend your ways'. I am very
Klad to learn that. you are enjoying yourself
and rainine ' flesh. You needed a little fascia.
I . am very . busy preparing to leave for the
new building. I almost dread the time, as. It
will give' such a lot to do. Captain Owen I did
not see off. I wrote him a note stating that
I wanted to see him especially, but he took
no heed of it, so when I come across him again
he will feel the "force of my tongue, etc. Col
lins was here yesterday. He is quite tanned.
The triD up to Lake Tahoe did him a. lot of
good. Dan Is here and wishes to be kindly re
membered to you, and also Nina. I don't
know that I have anything more to tell you
this time. .
With heaps of love I remain your dear little
pet squeaker. Tours affectionately.
ROBERT DAVIS.
The second letter is as follows:
Huntington Mansion. Villa de Tar Flat.
Rue de la First, Number Sol, '
Marcha da Twenta-fursta.
To Madamoselle Jeannctte, Rue de la Biddies'
Miss Zane Sues to Becover on Note
and an Astonishing Bill for
Gowns and Garments Is
Produced in Defense.
Society has produced a lawsuit, with
Miss Marie Zane as plaintift and Mrs.
Lillie 11. de Onativia as defendant, that
will keep the ladies gossiping until next
Lent On the one side, that of the fair
plaintiff, is a $3)0 note which she seeks
to collect; on the other there is everything
in acounter claim— a bill in equity, as it
wcre-from a blue foulard gown with
white dots, trimmed with cherry ribbons
and white chiffon, to a blue silk corset.
This corset and "Cito." Mrs. de Onativia s
husband, flit in and out among the wind-
Ings of the fabric of this quarrel between
once Hrm friends, and It is hard to defi
nitely locate them, save that the corset
was bought at Paris for t» francs and
"Cito". became a benedict at Cairo in dis
tant. Egypt. •
Miss zane's suit was called for hearing
by Judge Sea well yesterday. As both
piaintm and detendant arc absent— Miss
iane now resiuing ot 1 East Seventy
lourth street, New lork, and Mrs. ae
Onativia being with her husband at 83
Avenue du liols de Boulogne, Palis,
*Tauce— the cast; is oeing largely trieu by
deposition. The reading of plaintiff's dep
osition opened the proceedings. Tne in
terrogatories were lead by one attorney
and tne answers by another, and tnus the
usual wearisome reading of such papers
was largely done avyay with. In her dep
osition-Miss Zane says:
"In 1S% 1 was residing with my uncle,
Mr. Alexander Loughuoroug-h, in Ban
Kranclsco. he was paying my expenses :
and otherwise caring tor me. In May of
that year 1 received a note from the de
lendant, who was then Mrs. Henry At
water Jerome. She asked me to visit her
at Coronado, which 1 did. She paid my
expenses, and after visiting there for a
while we visited the Hotel del Monte and
other places. Mrs. de Onativia then sug
gested to me to take a trip with her to
Kurope. ¦• She said she Intended taking
Laura McKinstry with her, but as 1 was
such a f good friend of hers she would
dearly love to show t^z all the places in
the old country she was acquainted with.
She said she was beset with creditors and
¦wanted to get away from California as
quickly as possible.
"After Mr. Loughborough'B death she
again urged me to take the trip with her.
1 was agreeable, and then she asked me
to loan her $3500, which I had in the bank.
With this J3500 she said she could pay the
most persistent of her creditors and could
be a tree woman once again. She would
give me a note, make out a will in my
iavor and insure her life for me for the
$3500. 1 consented, drew the money out
of the bank and gave it to her. Shortly
afterward we started for Europe. I was
her guest and she paid all my expenses,
and it was never understood that I was
to pay my share. She, through .necessity,
was forced to have a companion, and my
companionship cost her nothing, save my
expenses. ¦ •
."•We started on our trip, and In July of
1837 we were in Houlgate, In Normandy.
Thence we visited Vienna, and from there
I visited my cousin. Baroness von Pien
czykowska, at Iglau. Austria. From
there we went to Vienna, Dresden, Buda
pest, Trieste, Bologna, Rome, Naples,
Brlndlsl, Athens, Constantinople, Cairo,
Alexandria, Malta; Algiers. Marseilles and
Paris and London. 1 carried no trunk,
my clothing being with those of my host
ess, together with the silverware, eccen
tric parasol handles and a collection of
fans. I never borrowed money from Mrs.
de Onativia, but she frequently borrowed
from me.
"During our travels my hostess met her
present husband, T. L.. de Onativia. He
accompanied us on our travels, and at
Cairo their marriage was solemnized.
Then we went back to Paris and London.
l_»ater I came home, as I will tell later."
Here Mrs. de Onativia's deposition right
fully breaks into the case. She alleges
that she did not offer to take Miss Zane
with, her as guest, but It was mutually
! understood that Miss Zane was to pay her
own expenses. The $3500 was offered her,
she says, in order that the trip to Europe
could be undertaken the quicker. Mrs. de
Onativia says she was offered the use of
Madrona villa by Mrs. Darltng If she
chose to remain In California until . her
affairs could be straightened out. but she
had secured her divorce from Mr. Jerome
and wished to forget, old scenes, so she
accepted the $3500 and the start was made.
As an additional offset Mrs. de Onativia
says she gave Miss Zane clothing— many
gowns and six chemises— paid for her bi
cycle hire, purchased the blue foulard,
another light blue foulard, a gray cloth
dre,s8 trimmed with guipure, the blue cor
set, a bicycle suit, underclothing, and, last
of all, she claims Miss Zane. took a nickel
plated -bicycle worth $150, which she
owned, without her consent. Altogether
Mrs.' de Onativia' says Miss Zane cost her
J4500, which is more than an offset to the
note In question.
Miss Zane again takes the stand. She
admits taking some dresses from Mrs. de
Onativia. but says Mrs. de Onativia gave
the dresses to her in exchange for others.
The . six chemises Miss Zane. says ; were
given to her by her hostess because they
did not fit her hostess, and she didn't want
to throw, them. away. . Two, bicycle suits,
the plaintiff continues, were made at Mrs.
de Onatlvia'a request in: New York, one
for' each of them, but when Mrs. de Ona
tavla i saw them she took that made for
the plaintiff "because it hung better," and
left that with a "bad hang" for her guest,
the plaintiff. So the story goes all through
the depositions. Prices of clothing, who
was bettered by an exchange of clothing,
how much bicycles cost; how much meals
are In Budapest, whether or not Miss Zane
was forced -to sleep on a lounge In her
hostess' stateroom and whether, or not it
was a fact that their quarrel wa? the re
sult of ; an ¦ objection of Miss Zane's New
York 1 aunt, Mrs. E. : I. Keys, to divorced,
.women, 'are all involved in the contro
versy.
" Letters, some pleasant, others girlishly
sarcastic and ; spiteful, in which De Ona
tivia Is forced often . to bear the name
"Cito," are among the pleadings and pa
pers.. -; With these, assisted by elaborate
briefs to be prepared by counsel , i Judge
Seawell will endeavor to render a just de
cision on ¦ th.e ' distressing . Issues Involved.
Marie Zane and Lillie H. de
Onativia Create a Stir
in Society.
LITIGATION
THE END OF A
TRIP TO EUROPE
HILL RELEASED ON BONDS;
HUNTINGTON STILL HELD
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAJLL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 31, ".-I *»*>»-_
14
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ft
Commencino Wednesflaij, October
31st, we will place on sale 275
PAIRS WHITE CALIFORNIA
BLANKETS, in three different sizes
and weights.
prices $3.25, $3.50 and $3.75 Pair.
These Blankets are all fresh, new
goods, and at the above prices are a
decided bargain.
3STOTE!,
We have just received an elegant assort-
ment of New Down, Wool and Snowflake
Comforters and Pillows, at veru low prices.
111. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
ADVSUTISElCENTa. '
Got Your
Fall Hat?
* You shouldn't wait too
long — not a good plan to
choose in a hurry. We would
like you to give yourself
time enough to compare our
styles and prices with others.
You are paying too much
if you are paying more than
we ask. Ours are sensible
hats, sensibly priced.
JLeon
VIN MARIANI
UARUNI WINE-WORLO FAMOUS TONIC
THE EVIDENCE ™ tolttrt <'<•"'
¦ proves that the
¦nedleftl. profession as well as ail who have
used Via Mart&nl pronounce It unequaled, ab-
eohitely reliable and eaie. Can be taken with
perfect confidence whenever a tonic restorative
It required. •
All Druggist*. Refuse . Substitutes.
*AAAAAAAAAAk Akkkkkkkkkkkkk
: $ Short sharp and -snappy talks on 5
%. the vital Issues from the First Voters* J
$ point of view TO-NIGHT/at ODD J
¦¥. rCLLUWS HALL. ik-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
¦ Biggest
Clearance Sale
Ever Offered
China, Orockcry, Glassware,
Clocks, Lamps, Jardl~
nloros 9 Bistjuo Waro,
Grey Enameled Waro,
Silver Waro, Knivos,
Forks, Spoons, Dinner
Sets, Fancy Bohemian
Glassware and Every-
thing That's Beautiful
and Useful.
Lowest Prices on Earth
Cnp» and Saucers 7 eta
Decorated Bowls ™..ioctn
Glass net, 4 pieces...... a 8 cts
Decorated i-ainpn z.oo
Jardinieres 15 cts
Dec. China Clocks 1.10
Enameled Tea and
Coffee pots , ....S4CM
Silver Plated Tea Spoons....
set 40 cts
Dinner set complete for 6
persons, slit handles 4>7°
Dinner set. Hilte l*emoffe (
French China, handsomely
decorated. 100 pc»...J*.3O
We arc Cutting: Prices all
to Pieced During Oar Big
Clearance Sale.
Great American Importing Tea Co.
119 Grant afe.. b«t. Satter tod Post ft*.
8« Market St.. opv. P 0 !!'!}-,,,^,.
¦p' TWO QUALITIES
IHotltyT
q^nis wErj^oowx and reliable old
I Sp<"cla!UteiirejB!ood Poiaon,<;onorrb<Ba,Gle»t,
strlcturf. ssemlnal \V>akness. Impotence and their „
alUed Wsorder*. Book on Diseases of Men, fw.'f
OTerMTearj>xpeHence.T»rn«r*(«on»b!e.Hoiir».
tatlon free and sacredly conddcntlaL Call or address
P.ROSCOB MfXl'LTY, 31. D.
8»>i Kearny 8^, Naa Francisco, CaU