Sub-Commissioner Jenner Reported
to Have Been Mordsred by Pro-
BISINQ OF SOMAXI3 UT
BRITISH EAST ATEICA
the Bols de Boulogne and back to his
hoteL He was warmly greeted along tha
route. _L*ter Mr. Kruger received various
delegutlons at Ms hoteL
PARIS. Nov., 26.— Dr. Leyds, the
diplomatic agent of the Trans
vaal, visited the French Minister
of Foreign Affairs, M. Delcaase.
. to-day. Mr. Kruger took a long
drive during the afternoon in a landau.
He was accompanied by his grandson and
escorted by police cyclists and mounted
guards, j He traversed the Boulevard des
Capucins and the Champs Elysees and
entered the Exposition grounds. There
he ascended the Eiffel tower to the sec
ond story, where M. Slcard, the director
general, showed Mr. Kruger the principal
buildings of the exposition and the mon
uments of Paris. Mr. Kruger stopped and
gazed at his own . bust, which was pro
fusely decorated with flowers and other
tributes of admiration. Behind ths bust
was a Bible, lying open, and Mr. Kruger
read a verse from It.
He afterward examined the Boer farm
and stopped for a few minutes before a
portrait of Colonel de Vlllebois-Mareull.
the French officer who was killed In
South Africa while fighting with the
Boers. Thence he continued his drive to
Authorities of France Not Taking Any
Chances While Entertaining Their
Guest From South Africa.
KRUGER STILL ESCORTED
IN PARIS
BY VERY STRONG GUARD
PRESBYTEBIANS* IN
FAVOR OF REVISION
PITTSBURG, Nov. 26. — W. R. Crabbe,
the Pittsburg member of the revision
committee of- the Presbyterian General
Assembly, said to-night that all .of the
Presbyteries have voted on . the question
of revision of the creed, resulting in the
revisionists receiving about seventy-two
per cent of the vote cast Of the 1.007.6S9
members of the church. 898,255 voted.
The presbyteries voting in ¦ favor of re
vision number 126; those against a change
46. A two-thirds vote is required. to make
a change. The committee will meet In
Washington, December 4, to take action.
Charles R.,Ryan, assistant general pas
senger, agent of the Chesapeake and Ohio
Railroad, Is here to-night, and he dis
credits the story entirely. He says there
was a bad landslide near- one of the
Greenbrler R$y*r bridges, - not far from
.White Sulphur Springs, and t It has com
pelled the road to transfer passengers dur
ing the day. Owing to the high water in
the river.no attempt to transfer passen
gers : was ' made to-night, and two , trains
that left; here to-day are being held over
night at >Udefson,;westof^White Sulphur
Springs, : and ' it is Quite likely that ' trains
are ; also ; being held on the : other ' side ; of
White' Sulphur ', Springs. > There are" three
bridges* on {this ,llne overrGreenbrieT
River, ; and the reports : do not indicate at
which ¦¦ bridge * the : accident occurred, so
Messages have been sent to New Tork
and elsewhere, ' and that place cannot be
reached from either 4he east or the west
Many messages have been sent by those
who have their friends on that road to
day, as It is not known what train, . if
any, went through the bridge, but no
response to any message has been re
ceived, and messages are accepted only
subject . to delay.
CINCINNATI, Ohio.Nov. 26.— There has
been great apprehension to-night over
the report about a Chesapeake and Ohio
passenger train going through the Green
brler River bridge near Hinton, West
Virginia. All through wires on that line
are down, and It Is Impossible to reach
Greenbrier River or nay point near it.
At 1 o'clock the Chesapeake and Ohio
was working direct to Hlnton and re
affirms the denial.
The Dispatch had a special after mid
night from Ronceverte, which Is within
a few" miles * of . the very, point at which
the Chesapeake and Ohio crosses the
Greenbrier. The special reports a freight
wreck, with no loss of life, at Allegheny,
and mentions a delay of passenger trains
In such a. way as to discredit entirely the
wreck of the passenger train.
' RICHMOND. Va.. Nov. 26.— The Chesa
peake and Ohio officials here positively
deny the story of a passenger-train wreck
at Greenbrier River bridge and all
stories of any loss of life on the line.
of the Chesapeake and Ohio due in
Charleston early this morning and In Cin
cinnati to-night.
age In this city and surrounding : towns
and to the lumber trade everywhere, as
well as to the crops.'
¦WASHINGTON. Nov. 26.— The Post has
received a message from the railroad tele
graph operator at Hlnton saying, there is
no < foundation \ for the story of ; a wreck
on the Chesapeake and: Ohio; near, that
place. According to specials received by
the Post, the train reported to have been
wrecked Is one of the west bound specials
HARLESTON. W. Va., Nov. 2f— •
f( It Is reported here that a Chesa-
V\. J peake and Ohio Railway train
went through the Greenbrler
River bridge, which has been
damaged by the prevailing floods. It is
supposed that there were about 200 people
on the train and that all were lost. All
wires are down at and near the crossing
of this river, and It Is Impossible to get
any sort o"f confirmation of the disaster.
Even the railway officials are unable to
secure communication with points on
either side of the river.
PARKERSBURG, TV\ Va., Nov. 26.—
The passenger train reported wrecked on
the Chesapeake and Ohio road is said
to have been west bound, consisting of
seven passenger coaches, baggage, '• ex
press and mall cars. It Is said that among
the passengers were ex-Governor Mc-
Corkle. State Auditor-elect Sherrlll, and
State Senator Alexander M. Miller.
HC\TON, W. Va.. Nov. 26.— There have
been various reports to-night about
bridges on the Chesapeake and Ohio be-
Ing washed out and trains running. Into
the river with all aboard lost. There Is
nothing in any of these reports. All of
the trains are accounted for either at Al
derson or White Sulphur Springs and the
passengers on the delayed trains are being
entertained at the hotels In the best pos
sible manner. "While none of the bridges
Is washed out, yet the road has suffered
much damage for a distance of about
thirty miles In * embankments being
washed out and In landslides, the most
serious being the landslide near one of
the Greenbrier bridges, not far from
¦White Sulphur Springs. The company •will
have construction crews here both from
the east and west to-morrow, and It is
expected trains will run through to-mor
row as usual, although there will be
transfers during another^ day. The rail
road Is not the only sufferer, in this dis
trict. The floods have done great dam-
The revolutionists attempted more than
or.ee to seize the Bratten. and her officers
and crew were several times In danger of
being shot \ . Finally the Colombian Gov
ernment ordered the vessel to stand out
In J the stream,", out of range of the guns
that lined : the ' wharves and streets of
Santa Marta, The vessel was . finally
obliged to return to Mobile without a
cargo. While flying the Norwegian flag,
the steamship Is under charter by a firm
of fruit importers of this city. It is under
stood that the firm will complain to
Washington,
MOBILE, Ala., jTov. 26.— The officers
and crew of the Norwegian fruit steam
ship Bratten, which has arrived here from
Santa Marta, In the Central American re
publlo of Colombia, had a thrilling ex
perience with, revolutionists. The steam
ship put Into that port on November 12,
Intending to get a cargo of fruit.
the Bratten at a Colombian
Port
REVOLUTIONISTS TB.Y
TO SEIZE A VESSEL
Thrilling Experience of the Crew of
GUYANDOTTE. W. Va., Nov. 25.—Con
tinuous rain for the past forty-eight hours
has produced unprecedented floods In the
Guyandotte Valley. Some 9000 logs have
gone out, takiDg with them the false
works of the two new Guyandctte Valley
Railroad bridges south of Barbourvtlle.
Loss $25,000. The track of the Guyandotte
Valley Railroad, Just completed to Salt
Rock, a distance of eighteen miles, has
been almost ruined.
CHARLESTON, W. Va.. Nov. 25.-The
continuous rainfall of the past forty-eight
hours has caused a rapid rise In all the
streams in this section of the State. The
Kanawha has almost reached the danger
line here and people in the lowlands are
already moving out. The Kar.awha at
9:30 o'clock to-night was 27.4 feet and ris
ing one-half foot per hour. At Kanawha
Falls the river Is 23.6 feet and stationary.
At least four feet rnore Is expected. The
Elk is out of its banks, with fifteen feet,
and stationary at Clay, five miles above.
The rainfall here for twenty-four hours
ending at 8 a. m. to-day was 2.7 Inches.
of Many Rivers.
PITTSBURG. Pa., Nov. 26.— About 3.000,
000 bushels of coal were started to south
ern points to-day. More would have been
shipped had not the river been on such a
rampage, making it unsafe. The river at
10 p. m. registered at the dam twenty-one
feet and was rising at the rate of six
inches an hour. Both the Allegheny and
the Monongahela are still rising, the re
sult of heavy rains along their entire
lengths for the past forty-eight hours.
River men expect twenty-five feet in the
Ohio before a fall begins. The flood mark
is twenty-four feet. While thi3 stage will
hardly be reached, every precaution is be
ing taken to prevent loss If It should
come.
There Has Been a Dangerous m»fag
FLOODS FOLLOW THE BAIN3.
that it is quite likely that the reports
were started because of the landslide near
White Sulphur Springs and the fact that
trains that were due both east and west
of that point were not heard from on
account of the wires being down. Trains
have been arriving and departing at Cin
cinnati on time, with tha single exception
of the Eastern express, due this evening
at 5 o'clock, which did not arrive until 8
p. m., and did not attempt the usualfast
time. It Is said that the express due here
at 8 o'clock to-morrow morning is still on
the other side of Greenbrler River.
MINING PLANTS INUNDATED.
Rising Waters Cause Great Damage
and Threaten Disasters.
DUBERS, Pa., Nov. 26.— This section of
the country experienced a severe flood
to-day. All of the mining plants situated
on low ground were compelled to close
down this morning and many residences
in the lower parts of the town have four
to six feet of water in the ground floors.
The Bea\er- meadows are covered to a
depth of three, and four feet for miles
around. At Narrows Creek, three miles
east of here, on the low grade division
of the Pennsylvania, a bridge was washed
away about noon, stopping freight traf
fic and necessitating transfer of all pas
sengers. At Sabula - there .Is danger
should the river rise but little more, of
an immense dam breaking, with vast
damage to property and possible loss of
life. •- At Wlnterbum It was necessary to
release some of the water In a large dam
by breaking a hole in it with dynamite.
Bennetts ' Branch of the Slnnemahonlng
River,' Is overflowing its banks from its
source to Driftwood. To-night the" weath
er'is cooler and reports say the water Is
receding slowly. .
BUFFALO, Nov. 26.— Buffalo and vicin
ity Is submerged to-night by a fall of
about one foot of snow, which,; partially
melting as it touched the earth, has
turned into a coa.ting\of slush which has
made travel of • all kinds very difficult
Street cars were running in the city near
ly., on time.'- ¦ From -- surrounding towns
come reports of serious damage '• to • tele
graph''and telephone' wires caused by thick
coating of ano w which dung to them and
weighed them down.
Stories of a Terrible Disaster on the Chesapeake and Ohio
Railroad, Owing to the Great Flood, Are Discredited
¦¦ - , .. -¦ ¦ ¦
and Ail Passengers Said to Be Safe*
PASSENGER TRAIN REPORTED WRECKED
AT A RIVER BRIDGE
AND THE ALLEGED LOSS OF 200 LIVES
The International board to estimate the
cost of constructing proper and adequate
wharfage and necessary storehouses has
been appointed and will meet at once.
The American member of the board Is
General Humphrey, the chief quartermas
ter, and he will leave for Shanhaikwan
next week to confer with his colleagues
and inspect the port and railway facili
ties. The Germans, wti-j were said to be
the best equipped force in the allies, have
disclosed some serious defects when
brought face to face with the campaign
conditions In China. In the matter of
transportation they are weak and the
British were called upon to help them out
in the Paoting-Fu expedition. The loss^f
a horse ship was one cause and the fact
that they arrived too late to secure mules
cn the ground practically left them help
less. The German baggage train on the
Paoting-Fu column was rather a sharp
contrast to the purely military portion of
their outfit. Their line wagons were
drawn by teams of native ponies and
donkeys with Improvised harness of ropes.
Many of their, officer* are mounted on
little native ponies, while another source
of embarassment is the unbroken Amer
ican hcrses which were shipped directly
here for the use of the cavalry, i
At present It Is understood that the
Americans will keep only a depot guard
here for the- winter. Under orders from
General Chaffee little of the property
held by the United States forces has been
surrendered or allowed to go out of their
possession*. It will be held merelv as a
precautionary measure in the event of
developments necessitating the return of
a larger force than is now contemplated.
No definite plans for a winter base have
as yet been made, but it is practically
certain that Shanhalkwan will be se
lected.
Field Marshal Count von Waldersee re
viewed the Russian troops to-day and the
line presented only about 3000 men of all
services^ Practically the whole Russian
contingent was turned out and the review
is said to fairly represent their strength
in Tientsin, with the exception of a few
troops on outpost duty and those operat
ing the railway. Yesterday the field mar
shal reviewed the British troops from the
plains to the south of the city. About
S500 men were in line, iargely foot troops,
and these have been cent on the Paoting-
Fu expedition.
TIENTSIN. Oct. Tfc—The military force3
at Tientsin have been heavily reduced
and it Is now hardlv believed that any
considerable army will be maintained
here during the winter, unless the lega
tions should withdraw from Peking here.
While this move has 'ocen agitated local
ly. It is not likely it will be done unless
circumstances not now foreseen aride.
The Germans have be«n moving steadily
up country as fast as transport was ob
tained and the Russian and American
forces have been largely reduced.
tsin Unless Legations Go There.
I^arg* Army JJot to Be Kept at Tien-
MILITARY FOBCES REDUCED.
The Vossische Zeltung says: "A demand
for moderation in the punishments is a
sensible demand, which Germany could
accept without loss o* dignity, especially
as It appears that Great Britain sides in
this particular with the United States."
"It was merely an Interview and ex
change of views in which no definite prop
ositions were submitted and no definite
engagements were entered upon. What
was said was in the nature of a sugges
tion lookir.gr toward neater moderation
In the punishments, out this was only a
suggestion, which Germany could either
accept or reject. It was not a formal
proposition."
Mr. White reiterated that the result of
the Friday interview was satisfactory,
adding:
BERLIN; Nov. 26.— The entire Germa;i
press refers editorially this morning; to a
report that United Staxrs Krnb2S7a - ior
V.'hitc on Saturday handed the American
not* regarding the Chinese settlement to
Baron von Kichthcfen, Secretary of For
eign Affairs, all the papers declaring that
Germany refused to comply with the
demands therein formulated. When Mr.
White was approached on th'.s subject
this evening he replied that he had no
interview with Barcn von Richthofon en
Saturday nor had he then received the
American note. He asserted that ho had
received nothing from Washington since
Thursday and that what he received then
was not a note, but merely instructions,
in consequence of which he had an inter
view with the Secretary of Foreign Af
•fairs on Friday.
With Demand for Moderation.
GERHA2TJTS ALLEGED REFUSAL.
Exported as Unwilling to Cocjply
Wu Tins Fang, the Chinese Minister. i3
unwilling to discuss the terms formulated
by the Ministers, though It is kfioirn he
regards them as unduly severe.
their 5u:>port. At the same tine it Is
likely that Secretary Hay v.-ill deem it
expedient to show his displeasure in an
official communication to the Minister.
Etated by a high authority that. there is
no ground whatever for the report ; that
he "will be relieved. This statement war
made emphatically. Mr. Conger has acted
as the missionaries desire, . and he has
days.
Though Conger has acted contrary to
the wishes of the administration, it is
demands, however, without a struirsrle to
obtain their moderation, especially In the
matter of punishment and Indemnity. For
the sake of harmony the President Is will
ing 1 to agre« to the remainder. But he Is
anxloue, as Secretary Hay's latest note to
the powers showed, that the civilized
world ehould not present terms which the
irrperial Government, controlled by the
••Jcven princes and officials whose execu
aon Is desired, Trill reject There Is like
ly to be an active Interchange of view*
between the powers during the next f»w
greater than It Is to-day.
The administration will not Join In the
conference could b« obtained. The under
standing seems to be that the President
will bring: Conger's action to the notice of
the Cabinet at Its session to-morrow.
The a.dnalnijstra.tlon has carefully con
eidered the Question of withdrawing from
the concert and the Institution of Inde
pendent negotiations. The danger of such
action, however, is so apparent that It Is
deemed unwise to take it. With 1 no re
straining Influence, some of the powers
would Insist upon demands which China
under no possibility could accept, and. the
danger of partition would become even
conferred with the President. No official
statement conc^-nlng the result of this
of the eleven Princes and officials already
designated: indemnity, whim snail in
clude satisfaction of claims arising for
the m-rder of missionaries and dim.ige
done to iheir property and damage de^
to property owned by oth«.T foreigners;
reimbursement of foreign governments
for expenses incurred in dispatching mil
itary expeditions to China and maintain
ing them there and compensation for na
tive Christians employed by foreigners;
ai>olition cf the Tsung li Yamen as at
present constituted and the appointment
of a foreign Minister who shall transact
all business with the foreign representa
tives; -access by foreign Ministers to the
Emperor's presence, as permitted in for
eign countries; razing of iho Tak'i forts
and other forts on the coast of Chili and
prohibition of importation of munitions of
war; establishment of permanent legation
guards and permanent guaids from Pe
king to Taku; erection ji a monument to
Baron von Ketteler on thi sit© of the
murder and t_b«j dispatch of a Prince f.o
Berlin to formally apologize for the out
rage; suppression of Boxers by imperial
proclamation, removal and punishment in
fur-re of all officials failing to protect
foreigners and puspension of provincial
examinations for five years.
Between the courses open of the rejec
tion of the terms and withdrawal from the
concert, or thsir acceptance after trying
to modify them, there is seemingly but
one view taken at the White House. That
is, that co-operation with tfce powers must
continue.
In agreeing to the foregoing terms Min
ister Conger violated the instructions of
the Secretary of State, who directed that
he should only agree to the list of dam-
Eges •which he was reasonably sure would
be accepted and could be carried out by
th« Imperial Government of China. In
anticipation that the Ministers would per
sist In their determination to crush China,
the Secretary cabled the American repre
sentative* abroad the text of the instruc
tion Bent to Minister Conger, and urged
thi powers not to put tha civilized world
in an untenable position by Insisting upon
terms which the Chinese Government
could not fulfill.
The European situation from the stand
point of this Government Is highly satis
factory, especially In the light of the re
plies received thus far to the American
representations. Germany's policy of
vengeance seems to have but one support
er. This Is Germany, and even Germany
seems to be preparing to abandon its po
sition In respect to punishment, for It has
given assurances of Its desire to co-op
erate harmoniously with the other Gov
ernments to terminate the present unsat
isfactory condition. But the action taken
at Peking upsets all the plans of the
United States.
Immediately upon receiving the dispatch
from Minister Conger setting forth the
character of the protocol drawn up by the
foreign Ministers In Peking-, Secretar>
Hay went to the White House, where he
s*^ BUREAU. "WELLINGTON
/7 HOTEL, WASHINGTON, Nov. 28.
Vv_^/ Lite thunderbolts from a cVarir.fi
sky have come the details of Hie
terms the foreign Ministers hive
agreed upon at Pekirg. While the United
States was seeking to Induce mortemtion
of the demands asd» when most of tfce
other governments had given encourage
ment, suddenly the Ministers convj to
gether. Mr. Conner ar.d all. and adept
demands that practically . do not differ
from those suggested several weeks ajjo.
Tfce administration to-night Is alternat
ing between two courses that are open to
It. One is to assent to the demand, form
ulated by tha Ministers in order to main
tain the concert of action so essential to
a settlement cf the trouble. Tlio other is
to repudiate Mr. Corner's action, reject
the demand?, withdraw from the concert
of nations and institute independent nego
tiations. Washington l"ee!3 that U Jj be-
Itis drawn irresistibly toward a^*eniin;j
to tfce demands. The President does rot
seem willing: to abandon the concert, be
lievics fce can best serve the ends he :s
striving for by remaining in it. Th-> terms
agreed to on Sunday at Peking include
the execution by the Chinese Government
America May Repudiate Minister Conger's
Action ; Reject Demands and Begin
Independent Negotiations*
CONCERT OF THE POWERS
IN CHINA
STILL HANGS IN BALANCE
BERLIN, Nov. 26.— "A letter from Em<
peror Kwanjr Hsu to LI Hung Chan? has
been Intercepted by the German*." says
a private dispatch front Peking, "but its
contents have not yet been made public .
A small German detachment destroyed
Anhsiehwang. sustaining no losses. Th«
weather here Is now severely cold."
SHANGHAI. Nov. 28.— Native Christians
from Fancheng Hslen, on the Han river,
report that they saw 400 Boxers taking
supplies for the court at Sianfu. and that
the mandarins have chartered every
available boat for that purpose.
LONDON. Nov. 27.— LI Hans Chans, ac
cording to the Shanghai correspondent of
the Morning Post, 13 seriously ill and ha»
telegraphed tor his adopted son. U Chini
Fang.
Has Telegraphed for His Adopted
Son, Li Chlng Fang.
LI HTOJG CHANG' VERY EL
' The resolution -was apparently moving
steadily toward adoption when Dr. Leach
interrupted the proceedings by his senta*
tional utterance. As a result of his iro
passloned outbreak and the consequent
excited debate, in which tha li« waj
passed, the resolution was tabled.
CHICAGO. Nov. 2S.— Rev. W. B. Leach
In the Methodist ministers" meeting to-day
declared that were he the father of a glrj
murdered as was Louise Frost at Ltxnon,
Colo., he would, as Louise Frost's father
had done, apply a match to the pyra on
which the assassin was to be burned. Dr.
Leach's declaration was a bombshell.
The Methodist divines were discussing th«
proposed resolution condemning the burn-
Ing at the stake by a Colorado mob of th«
colored boy Preston Porter Jr.. who killed
little Louise Frost.
Bone as Did the Father of
Louise Frost.
JUSTIFIES ACTION OP
THE COLORADO MOB
Chicago Divine Says He Would Hava
The Post says the peace negotiation!
will probably be finished the- first of th«
week.
The National Zeltung. discussing tht
punishment of the guilty cSclais ta
China, says: "Germany must abide bj
tfce decision of .the Ministers at Peking."
A dispatch received by the Navy League
to-day says that Colonel Yorc!s*s column
reached Kalgan. about 100 miles northwest
of Peking, November 11. Tha Chinesa
troops, numbering 3000 men. fled. A bat»
tallon of Chinese Imperial soldiers waj
disarmed.
BERLIN, Nov. 26.— A dispatch received
here from Field Marshal Count von Wai-,
dersee. dated November 24, says Colonel
MuecklenfeTs expedition has hoisted tB«
German flag over the great wall. whicS
was reached November 22 by way of Hey*
lingcheng, after a difficult mountain
march. The dispatch adds that th«
French have had a severe fight with Box*
ers thirty kilometers south of Paotlng-Fa.
dition In China.
Progress Made by One German Expe-
FLAQ HOISTED ON GEEAT WALL.
Dr. Carroll allowed himself to be bitten
by a mosquito that had previously fed on
several yellow fever patients and suffered
an attack of the disease. A civilian resl-
CALL BUREAU, WELLINGTON HO
TEL,, WASHINGTON*. Nov. 26.— That yel
low fever 13 spread through the bite of a
mosquito has been demonstrated with fa
tal result by the board of medical officers
of the War Department In Cuba. The de
tails of the experiment has Just been em
bodied In a, report to Surgeon General
Sternberg. The board conducting the ex
periments consisted of "Walter Reed.
M. D., surgeon U, S. A., and James Car
roll,* A. Grammonte and Jesse W. Lazear,
acting assistant surgeons. During the ex
periments Dr. Lazear was bitten by a
mosquito that had previously bitten a yel
low fever patient The doctor died of that
disease after a short illness.
The report gives details only ta tn"*.
three cases mentioned, although experi
ments were made on nine other persons.
Mosquitos of a particular though of not
uncommon variety were raised, the ova of
a single female being used for the experi
ments of the board. In this connection It
Is stated that the mosQulto Is regarded
as the "Intermediate host of the parasite
of yellow fever." Through biting an In
fected person the mosquito takes the par
asite Into Its stomach, where It remains
during a period of - Incubation, from nine
to sixteen days, when tha parasite passe*
from the stomach of the mosquito to lti
salivary glands.
dent of the military reservation, a young
American, whose name Is not given In the
report, was bitten by the same mosquito
that bit Dr. Carroll and died of yellow
fever.
Theory Is Proven by Fatality Among .War
Department Officials in Cuba.
..,. ....
Special Dispatch to The Call
YELLOW FEVER SPREAD
BY BITE OF MOSQUITO
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXVm-NO. 180.
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 27, 1900.
NOTABLE FIGURES IN THE CHINESE PUZZLE
fesscdly Friendly Native*.
ZANZIBAR, Nov. 28. — The Somalia hava
risen in JuMlacd, a province of British
East Africa. About 4000 well-armed men,
are on the warpath. Sub-Commlszione?
Jenner. who has been on a tour Inland
with a small force. Is said to hava been
attacked. His position Is grav*. It la
doubtful whether he will be able to re*
turn safely to the. seaport KIsmayn. Re
inforcements from Mombasa have been
sent to KIsmayn.
LONDON, Nov. 2$.— It was officially re-»
ported to-day that Bub-Commfsslone*
Jenner was murdered, about Novernbet
13. daring a night attack made on hta
camp by professedly friendly natives.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.EL DORADO, Kana., Nov. 25.— The town
to-day was overcrowded with people
drawn by the trial of Jessie Morrison, ac
cused of murdering Mrs. Castle, and when
court opened this afternoon the room was
tilled to its capacity. The possibility that
the taking of evidence would begin to-day
served to whet the appetite of the public.
The prisoner had spent a quiet Sunday
In her cell, where she received members
of her family and a few friends. To news
paper men who sought an interview she
refused to talk of the case. In which she
evinces far less interest than outsiders.
Castle, the widower of the murdered
woman, on the other hand, seems to have
broken down. .
Former Probate Judge Morrison hag re
ceived several letters from people offering
their services In behalf of his daughter.
A Kansas hypnotist offers to exert his
powers over the presiding Judge and jury
for a stipulated &um. Another writer sayB
he is willing to. get on the jury and "block
it" in favor of tne defendant. Judge Mor
rison has ignored the letters.
"Soon after court was called to order at
1:30 o'clock the defense began the exam
ination of the twelve jurors passed upon
by, the prosecution. One man who had
been accepted by the State's attorneys
was challenged and excused by the court.
The examination' continued all the after-
SCHOONER WRECKED
AND CHEW MISSING
Battered' Hulk of the Advance Is
Washed Ashore on the Sands
Near Wallis.
PORTSMOUTH, N. H., Nov. 26.— The
battered hulk cf what was the St. ; John
schooner, Advance was washed ashore on
Wallis sands with no signs of life aboard.
Whether her crew, of four or five men
have. been taken off by a passing ¦ vessel
or have been drowned can only be con
jectured. There is a chance that they
may have reached the Isle of Shoals, eight
miles to -, the. eastward. .-•¦•.
WOULD HYPNOTIZE
JUDGE AND JURY
Kansan's Plea to Secure
Acquittal of Jessie
Morrison.
CALL .BUREAU. WELLINGTON HO
TEL, WASHINGTON, Nov. 2S.-On« hun
dred thousand will be the maximum and
52.C0O the minimum strength of th<» pro
posed regular army If Congress enacts
the recommendation of the President and
the War Department. This scheme of
elastic organization leaves it discretion
ary with the President to maintain as
large an army as he may doem necessary
to preserve peace within the United States
and its dependencies or defend the coun
trv r from the attacks of an tnemv.
Members of the House Comm'ittee on
Military Affairs which will begin the con
wm I ?« t £- 1 \>. or the a . rmy blu to-morrow,
¦nil! take the suggestions of the War De
partment under advisement. As the plan
the^bm^S?? 1 ,, 11 /? 6 th th>i of
• " dn i ft <: d b >' Representative Hull
chairman of the committee, several years
a eo. he is naturally in favor of it and
he said this afternoon he belloved it wjSd
be indorsed by the committee. Authorit •
will be given the President by the bill to
be reported to enlist about 20.000 P'lialnas
and Porto R.cans with the^Am«ican corn
missioned and non-commissioned ofilceri
Native troops are to be included m the
regular establishment. Neither the Presi
dent nor the committee contemplates rec
ommend ng that legislation De rnactAd
authorizing the raising of anymore vol
unteers. The expense of n-crultlng vo
the ee p r hm& entS ' °5 tran £P°«ins theu. to
qVot«« hlli PP 1 . nes a nd back to the United
States w.thin a short period and of rlia
charglng them is very great and it is to
Fk« y??V U8 !. less a8te ° f Public mon 2 y
that it has been determined not to author
ize volunteer regiments.
The authorities are keeping secret »he
features of the bill to be discussed by
the committee, but It Is understood that
the artillery is to be largely increased
It was said to-day that Instead of « t v«»n
regiments in this arm there will be four
teen, under the direction of a chief of
artillery attached to the staff of tho lieu
tenant general commanding. Tne cavalry
arm will also be Increased, probably by
three regiments and the.. number of the
Infantry regiments will remain as at pres
ent.'- • .
Will Give Greater Discre
tionary Powers to the
President.
FORECAST OF THE
NEW ARMY BILL
DRIVEN FROM THEIR '
HOMES IN SOUTH AFRICA
Five Befugees Arrive at New York
on the Steamer Statendam From
Rotterdam.
NEW YORK. Nov. 26.— Among 1 the pas
sengers who arrived to-day on board the
steamer Statendam from Rotterdam were
five refugees from the South African re
public. They are S. Pearson, commissary
general of the Transvaal army; Com
mandant W. Snyman of the Orange Free
State and H. Snyman Jr., H. Llebenbur?
and Hercules Viljoen of Snyman's com
mando.
Pearson najs that his party was chased
over the bordsr Into Portuguese territory.
They made their way to the coast, thence
by eteamer to Europe. Pearson says he
has nover been out of South Africa be
fore and does not know. a single person
In the world outside of South Africa.
ZIMMEBMANN PBOUD
OF HIS SON'-Df-LAW
Says There Will Be No Difficulty Re
garding Duke of Man- )¦'.
Chester's Debts.
NEW YORK, Nov. 26.— Eugene Zlm
mermann, whose daughter was married
to the Duke of Manchester a week or so
ago in England, was Interviewed here to
day. He said to a reporter:
"I have come here to meet my daughter
and her husband. After they have rested
here a few days we will go to Cincinnati
and a reception will be given at my home
The Duke is a bright young chap. ; He is
a fine, manly fellow. I like a man who
went to work as he did as a newspaper
man when he was hero. Some of his ar
ticles were first rate. too. At no time
was I opposed to his marriage to my
daughter. Those stories are all moon
shine."
"Is it true that the Duke is in a bad
way financially?" asked the* reporter.
"I guess ¦ there won't be "any difficulty
about his debts — not at all. That does
not make any difference. I don't care to
steak about the marriage portion. It la
a private matter. But there won't be any
trouble about debts."
"Is it likely .hat the Duke may settle
down in America and enter the railroad
business?" .
"No, no; the Duke Is going into British
politics. He Is entitled to a seat in the
House of Lords, and he is going to turn
his attention to politics." sjw^^^SS
Mudge Elected President.
KANSAS CITY, Nov. 2C— H.U. Mudge,
general manager of the Atchison; Topeka
and Santa Fe Railway, was to-day elect
ed president' of the > Kansas City Belt
Railway, to succeed the late E.S..Wash
burn.' Mr. Mudge will retain his present
position with the Santa Fe.
Short Line.
OilAHA. Nov. 26— The meeting of the
officials of the Short Line and the Navi
gation Company with the Union Pacific
officials at Omaha has resulted in an order
th^t will do away v.-ith Union Pacific rep
resentatives at all points along the Short
Line nnd the Navigation Company road
The plan is to have the officials of the
Short Line and the Navigation Companv
attond to tho business of the Union Pa
cific, as well as their own. thus cutting
down the central expenses As a matter
of fact, all throe roads arc owned and
controlled by the s?me people, but oper
ated by ••lifl'erent managements.
-lust what -A-ill be done with the deposed
officials of the Union Pacific at Portland,
Seattle. Salt Lake City and perhaps Og
den is not known, but It Is believed when
The change is made that most of them wlir
be taken care of at other points.
Union Pacific Representatives to Be
Done Away With Along the
PLA2I TO BEDUCE #
OPEBATliTG EXPENSES
EEPARTMENT DECIDES
TO ADMIT LACE-WORKEES
Industry Is a New One and Laborers
tained Here.
Could Not Have Been Ob-
WASHINGTON, Nov. 2G.— The Treasury
Department to-day decided to admit the
laceworkers and their families who were
brought to this country by Dr. J. A.
Dowie, the "divine healer" and the found
er of Zion City. 111., to teach others the
k art of lacemaklng. This is a reversal of
the action of the Philadelphia immigra
tion officials, who had decided that the
lacemakers should not be admitted to this
country.
Commissioner General Powdcrly, in his
letter to the Commissioner of Immigra
tion at Philadelphia directing that the
lacemakers be admitted, said:
"It appears that it is the purpose of
Dr. John A. Dowie, who had arranged
with the appellants, to manufacture
not only lace, . but also the thread
from which such lace is to be made. Al
though lacemaklng -' in ' some of its
branches has been ." carried on in this
country for some years heretofore, it
seems to have been the practice to Im
port the thread used In such establish
ments. .The department is of the opin
ion that said industry is a new one, not
established, and as it is not claimed or
shown by the representatives of the lace
makers' union that labor could have been
obtained In this country to prosecute the
industry, there Is apparently no violation
of the alien contract labor laws." ,
It is held that the immigrants come
within the law's exception. It is also held
that they are not likely to become public
charges.
BEFTJSES TO BENEW
ITS FREIGHT CONTBACT
Panama Railroad Has Not as Yet
Made Terms With the Pacific
Mail. ;,¦<; ¦ .
NEW YORK. Nov. 26.— It was _ reported
to-day that the Panama Railroad Com
pany ; and the Pacific Mall Steamship
Company had not yet come to terms on a
new "agreement. These companies havt*
been operating under a five-year contract
which expires on :,; December 16. Under
this agreement the Pacific Mall line has
an exclusive right to the freight business
from Panama to northern points on the
Pacific Coast. The Pacific Mail Com
pany, according to report, has. insisted-on
a renewal of this exclusive provision but
the Parama road Is reported to have with
held its assent. Both sides have admitted
that th« contract' about | to B expire :, has
been of mutual benefit/but It appears to
be the opinion. of the Panama Company
that outside companies ought to be al
lowed to compete.
Will Succeed Hichborn.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 26.-The President
has . decided to appoint F. T. Bowles,
naval constructor in charge of the New
York Navy Yard,; chief of -the bureau > of
construction and repair of the Navy De
partment upon the retirement from active
service next March of Rear Admiral
Philip Hlchborn, the Incumbent.
RIFLE. Colo.. Nov. 25.— Game Commis
sioner Johnson and his deputies -arrived
at Rifle last night and proceeded to Meek
er by stage to-day. It is a forty-five mile
ride and will require the entire day.
While the Commissioner was here he re
ceived reports from ranchmen which In
dicate that the slaughter of game has
been unprecedented in the history of the
State. Old timers in this country predict
trouble with the Indians before they are
finally removed to their reservations.
DENVER, Nov. 26.— Adjutant General
Overmeyer to-day wired Troop A, 'cav
alry, at Grand Junction to be in readiness
for an immediate call in case Game Com
missioner Johnson's force should not be
able to expel the Indian hunters from tffe
White River country.
This troop is known as Overmeyer's
Rough Riders, and is made up of pioneers,
cowboys and crack shots of the Western
slope. There are sixty men In the troop
and General Overmeyer shipped forty sad
dles, bridles and ammunition for a two
weeks' campaign through the mountains.
This troop of cavalry is much closer to
the scene of the Indian depredations than
the Denver troops and could be on the
ground within twenty-four hours from re
ceipt of notice to start.
Fear is expressed at the capital that
Commissioner Johnson will make the at
tack on the Indians against overwhelming
odds.
Governor Thomas received a communi
cation from Secretary of the Interior
Hitchcock at Washington stating that the
Government has sent its Indian agent to
6cour Northwestern Colorado for ma
rauding Indians, but had failed to find
one. There was a hint In the communica
tion that thiB would end the correspond
ence so far as the Government -was con
cerned. Instead of pacifying the Gover
nor, it has a tendency to make him more
vigorous in his application of the State
laws. He claims to have a dozen reports
from as many different men on file prov
ing conclusively that the Indians have
slaughtered over 500 deer in Routt and
Rio Blanco counties.
From telegrams received it has devel
oped that it is not the Ulntahs and Un
compa«hre Utes that are making the
trouble this year, but the White Rivers,
who one© occupied the territory which
they have invaded. In the past the In
dian agents have kept the White Rivers
on the reservation because of the bitter
feeling of the tribe toward the whites,
who. they claim, took possession of lands
belonging to them without right or treaty.
It is reported that even a larger num
ber of Indians than the 500 previously re
ported have left the reservation and aro
slaughtering hundreds of deer in the vi
cinity of the Yuma and White rivers.
The fact that so many of the redskins
have left the reservation gives rise to the
belief that they have planned to obtain
revenge for the Meeker massacre and the
killing of squaws and bucks three years
ago.
. As soon as the ranchmen are advised
that trouble Is brewing there will be a
rush for Rifle and Meeker.
Commissioner! Johnson will station pick
ets at the State line to prevent the pas
sage of the Indian pack trains with their
tons of plunder from the State.' He Is de
termlmKl to arrest some of the Indians
with game In their possession If possible,
In order to have the laws regarding Indian
raids tested.
Will Attack Maurauding
Indian Bands if
-Necessary.
CAVALRY AFTER
COLORADO REDS
Tendency in Congress Will
Be Rather Toward Dis
, organization. .
CALL BUREAU, WELLINGTON HO
TEL. WASHINGTON, Nov. 26.—Predic
tions are being made here freely that tho
Democrats In Congress will show such de
moralization at this session as to make
any attempt at .caucus action impossible.
The tendency, it is paid, will rather be to
ward disorganization than reorganization.
Senator Jones, chairman of the Demo
cratic National Committee, who is here,
eays: "There Is no n-jed for reorganiza
tion." Just as William C. Whitney re
cently said in effect: "There is nothing
to reorganize "
There is a strong sentiment against con
tinuing Bryan as the lawgiver of the party
— as a sort of Moses or Jefferson, so to
speak— and this anti-Bryan sentiment will
be manifest In an attack upon Senator
Jones. This will be made for the purpose
of breaking down Bryan's influence, as
Senator Jones is regarded as the represen
tative here of everything that Bryan
stands for.
Many Democrats refuse to accept Sen
ator Jones' statement that Bryan is not
likely to be a candidate for President
ag.iln. They want more positive assur
ances and, failing in getting them, they
want Bryan killed off, so that there can
be a new deal and a new candidate.
This hostility to Bryan is likely to be
shown in the attitude of many Democrats
during the short session of Congress. The
bill to reorganize the army and increase
the permanent establishment will be sup
ported by some Democrats. The opposi
tion Is not likely to be of that Irreconcil
able character which was manifest toward
"militarism" by Bryan in the campaign.
One of the differences as to the policy
to be followed by the minority with refer
ence to this matter will be as to whether
the opposition should be stubborn and de
termined or merely perfunctory. ;
Should the Philippine question come up
in any way for legislation It will develop
that some Democrats are only lukewarm
in their support of the attitude taken by
the party in the recent campaign. If the
currency question comes, up much indiffer
ence is likely to appear on the part of the
legular Democrats. .while those who have
heretofore been out of harmony with their
party on this question will be subjected to
less pressure and criticism. The ship sub
sidy bill will have the active support of
some Democrats and some Republicans
have clearly indicated that they have no
intention of punishing the South in the
for the curtailment of
the negro franchise. There Is likely to be
more than the usual acquiescence on the
part of the Southern Democrats in tho
general programme of the majority for
tho session, especially in the Senate on
the ratification of the Hay-Pauncefote
treaty. . ¦ .•
DEMOCRATS MAY
HOT REORGANIZE
Phillips* conduct to-day won him great
praise. Few men have been able to keep
a cool head under like circumstances. He
parted with 300.000 bushels, about one
tenth of his holdings. He bought 100.000
when the bears tried to drag him off his
pedestal. He made $30,000. Apparently he
is going to keep the settling price around
50 cents. If the "shorts" are meditating
a coup on the last day they may wake up
to find that Phillips has closed out his
line. He claims now that ho cannot be
squeezed, whatever may happen. As long
as he keeps on selling more than he buys
and holds the market down to 50 cents he
Is seemingly too nimble to be crowded off
the market with his corner. Other specu
lators have been broken by buying at a
big price in order to hold up the market
and paying out their funds on margins.
George A. Seaverns is said to be giving
aid to Phillips. Some think the elevator
man is backing his former employe In
the trade. At any rate, the drying and
cleaning house of Seaverns, which in the
past has been able to turn out contract
corn with great rapidity in times of stress,
has not added a bushel to the supply since
the Phillips corner has developed. JJr.
Seaverns' inactivity is not credited to pure
benevolence in the success of his former
employe.
To-day's price of corn is the highest
since June, 1895, when a predicted famine
ran uo uie price for cash corn. December
corn felt the influence of the short grad
ing in November and went up % cent over
Saturday.
The excited market was the unmistak
able admission of the corn trade that
Phillips has a "cinch" on his corner. Some
of the other brokers who tried to nurse a
little corner in November corn last sum
mer and who got tired about the time
they had worked the bulk of the contract
corn off the market and left a smooth
path for their successor, envy the little
fellow, but they are not throwing any
thing in his path.
tried to sell corn at forty-seven and a
half cents. Phillips turned Instantly from
seller to buyer, from bear to bull, and
Bnapped up every man who was offering
to shade the price that he was making.
The decline stopped at once. Phillips
showed to the corn pit that he was its
master; that he could regulate It at will.
The followers who tried to get somo of
the corn king's money in the delusion that
he was weakening are now wondering
where they will get off on Friday. The
closing price was forty-nine cents, a re
action due to Phillips' buying. It was
significant to some traders that the firms
who were reputed to be at the mercy of
Phillips have not given any sign of excite
ment or worry. They have not shown
their hands in the pit. They are watch-
Ing affairs as closely as the king of the
golden cereal. There is still some talk of
special trains coming from the country
with corn enough to make good the obli
gations to Phillips. To the outsider there
Is no sign of this predicted movement.
The receipts for the day, including Sun
day, were more than 900 cars; not more
than ten per cent graded No. 2. Compared
to the requirements for settling day, this
was not a drop In the bucket. Advlce3
from the corn belt nre that corn la damp
and under grade. Very little of the new
crop has been taken from the houses. The
rains of the past two weeks have stopped
outdoor operations.
per. house of Parliament, and now It ap
pears amends ar»- to be made. Contrary
to common belief, the Colonial Secretary
Is poFseFsed of n line of ancestral records
that makes him more than eligible to th»
rank to which it Is proposed to elevate
him. And Mrs. Chamberlain herself ia not
far behind any one when birlh is con
cerned.
With her accomplishments and all the
facilities which will be at her disposal for
the purpose of entertainment it is be
lieved that no brilliant social functions
will outshine those of the future Earl of
Birmingham and his gracious wife.
LONDON. Nov. 28.-Mrs. Joseph
Chamberlain, wife of England's
Colonial Secretary and daughter
of President Cleveland'3 S?eretary
of War, Endicott, is soon to wear
a coronet of nobility. She will step from
the ranks of the commoners to the peer
age, upholding the duties of the mistress
of the estates of the Earl of Birmingham,
which Is to be Chambprlaln's title.
Birmingham &eems almost the only. Im
portant city In the United Kingdom which
has not been honored by a place in the up-
CHICAGO, Nov. 26.— During the
forenoon to-day November corn,
the. visible supply of which has
been cornered by George H. Phil
lips, sold twice at fifty cents. Mr.
Phillips having been sustained by the
board committee in rejecting for contract
new corn which had gone through a dry
ing process, and encouraged by the small
receipts of corn of a grade which may be
delivered on contracts, was quoted to
day as asserting his entire confidence that
he controls the market. The market
opened one cent higher than the close
Saturday, the first bid being forty-six
cents per bushel. This was bid by Mr.
Phillips, and within an hour and a half
the price went to fifty cents. At this fig
ure the young speculator made two salea
aggregating 100,000 bushels. The price bid
following the first sale at fifty cents was
forty-nine and a half cents, but as no corn
was forthcoming the next bid was at the
tcp figure. A little later Mr. Phillips let
out a small line at forty-eight cents.
There are but four days more before the
expiration of the time limit for the deliv
ery of corn on November contracts, and
short?, by their nervousness to-day;
showed their appreciation of the fact. It
Is stated that the man in whose power
they are, however, has no desire to
"squeeze" them with any severity. That
he could do so, sending the price soaring,
Is generally believed.
PHUXIPS HAS A "CTN"CH."
All Attempts to Crowd Out the Little
Corn King Are Failures.
CHICAGO. Nov. 26.— November corn
touched fifty cents to-day. It made an
advance of five cents for the day, of ten
cents a bushel for the week, and of al
most fifteen cents within four weeks.
Young Mr. Phillips sold what corn
changed hands at that point; shorts did
the buying that advanced the market to
the fifty-cent quotation. The five-cent ad
vance over the close of last week made
the day a notable one for the campaign.
A roar and a cheer gave notice of the half
dollar achievement and there was a flock
ing toward the already overcrowded corn
pit from all over the floor. The tip- top
figure was mafle in the first hour. Novem
ber starting at forty-six cents, selling be
tween forty-six and fifty cents, and clos
ing at forty-nine cents. The slight final
recession was. like the others which .have
been experienced, brought about by'sell
ing by the bull leader. ,
The man with the corner in the holloa
of his hand is apparently not ready to let
it get away from him. lie has watched
the careers of other men with corners and
believes that most of them Io3t because
of their greed to extort the last penny.
All morning the little corn king stood on
the .edge of the pit and watched the ebb
and flow of the battle. Whenever the
clamorous "shorts" howled up the price
in ! tho face of unresponsive taker3 he
pushed to the front of the line and let
out more corn. .
Somo of the dealers thought the juvenile
looking speculator was in straits andjwaa
running to wind up his string.
They Jumped on the market and
DAUGHTER OF CLEVELAND'S FORMER SECRETARY OF WAR ENDI
COTT, NOW THE WIFE OF THE BRITISH SECRETARY OF STATE
FOR THE COLONIES. .
GEORGE H. PHILLIPS, THE DARING YOUNG SPECULATOR OF CHI
CAGO, WHO, HAS ABSOLUTE CONTROL OF THE VISIBLE SUPPLY
OF NOVEMBER CORN.
EAGER TO TRADE
WITH AMERICANS
Russians Also Successfully
Experimenting With
Seeds of Products.
Emperor "William Will Again Ea
dsavor to Increase the Strength
of the German
Navy.
LONDON. Nov. 2S.— A St. Peters
burg special says: The card cat
alogue of American, exporting
merchants and manufacturer*
which was sent to Consul-Geii
eral Holloway recently has already
proved Its utility. Colonel Holloway got
the newspapers to Insert a notice about
the matter and received inquiries for ad
dresses within tweatr-four hours. Ha
has already had incrnlries from a dozen
persons, all of whom desired three or
four classes of addresses. Ona Mosco\r
merchant submitted a list of twelv*
classes of exporters whose addresses hs
desired.
Minister of Agriculture Termaloff has
requested Embassador Tower to procura
for him an assortment of American seed 1 *
for experimental purposes. Embaasador
Tower sont for cotton, apples corn, apri
cot, peach and other iceeda and plants.
Minister Termaloff in conversation with
Mr. Tower thl3 week informed him that
his experiments hajd resulted far better
than had been anticipated. The peaches
and apples are flourishing In the Cau
casus, the corn in the Caucasus and Cen
tral Asia and the cotton In Turkestan.
Colonel Yermaloff, the brother of tl»»
Minister, has Just returned from the*
United States, where ha had been recu
perating since the close of the Cuban war.
He »poke In the most complimentary
terms of the American commanders,
whose acquaintance he bad mad* a*
Russia/a military representative In Cuba,
of the hospitality of the- Americans.
Germany Wants I-argcr Navy.
A Berlin, special says: Emperor "Wil
liam has sent to the Reichstaff charts,
maps and statistics showlngr th» growth
of the Russian. British, French and
United States navies, and also their
etrngth in far Eastern waters. In vle\»
of this same, the members of the- Reich
stag 1 fear that another bill to Increase
the strength of the German navy Is cod
ing.
Investigating Assassination.
A Rome special says: The Chamber of
Deputies to-day discussed an Interpella
tion, arising from the assassination of
King Humbert. The Premier. SIgnor Sar
acco, declared the country could not noia
the Government responsible for- the terri
ble fatality against which all the fore
sight of a statesman was powerless. He
admitted, however, that the local author
ities did not take adequate precautions.
Telephone System BefusecL •¦<
A St. Petersburg spe<3al says: A Swed
ish telephone company has offered to glva
the Moscow municipality a telephone syst
tem but the municipality has declined,
the subscription price, 79 rubles, belns
considered too low.
Reduction. In "Wages.
Tne conciliation board of Scotcn Iron
manufacturers has announced, five per
cent reduction In wages in consequence of
the reduced average of selling prices.
This is the first reduction since 1S03 and
In the Interval wages rose forty per cent.
To Abolish Court-Martial Trial.
A Rome special says: The Chamber of
Deputies to-day. In spite of the opposi
tion of the Minister of "War. Sismor De~
san-Martlno. adopted a Socialist motion
to abolish trials by court-martial.
Not Seeking Curacao.
A Berlin special says: The 'National
Zeltun? to-day semi-ofBcially denies that
Germany is seeking to acquire the island
of Curacao, Dutch West Indies.
RAILBOAD CLERK IS
ACCUSED OP THEFT
Employe of the Seaboard Air Line 13
Under Arrest in
Florida.
NEW YORK, Ntv. 26.— "Word wris re
ceived at police headquarters to-day to the
effect that a clerk of the Seaboard Air
Line had been arrested at Fernandlna,
Fla . for the theft or JSO.OCO from that lln*.
It is said that the money taken by this
clerk was* lost through speculation with
the firm of C. B. Lawrence & Co., that re
cently failed here, and the principals cf
which tr© now under arrest.
The midnight ghost is probably the dead
of night.
E\V YORK. Nov. 2G.— Samuel Un-
I nrmeyer applied to and obtained
J to-<Say from Justice Fitzgerald,
sitting In the Supreme Court, an
injunction order returnable on
ilonday next asrainst the Count and
Countess Castellar.e, Edwin and George
Gould, Howard Gould and Holen M.
GouM, as trustees under the will of Jay
Gould, restraining them from paying to
Anna Gould, Countess de Castellane, any
part of the eftate in the hands of the
Trustees, or from applying any part of the
iru.^t lund to the u«-t!is t-i Anna Gould or
to her euiJiK.rt or that of iier children,
until the lurthvr direction of ine court.
The iilaintiit in tne suit Is Antnony J.
l>ltmax, who sues as assignee of Asher
Wtrthtfiin'. r, a i^or.aon brn.-a-brac dealer.
The cotBptajBt, wiueh is a long printed
<Jocurae.il, contains copies of arafts drawn
by WtTii.eimer ana accepted in writing
by the Count ana Countess ue Castellane,
amounting to upward of 525i.i,uj;J, or which
Sii.i.WJ aj.d ui>w;ua tirv past uue. It is
aJiegpd Umt Anna. Gouhi has »iS,0oy,0w
held in trutt lor tier by Her Brothers and
Bister and that her income is about
RW0.009. It is claimed that CSO.OOO a year
is all that the Count and Countess re
quire lor their support and the plalntitT
asks that the remainder of the income
should be applied to the payment of the
couple's debts. It is said ihat over $250,
000 of surplus income has already accumu
lated, which ought to be usea for this
purpose. The present suit is said to be a
test case ar.d it is reported is backed by
other creditors than Werthelmer.
A few weeks ago George J. Gould was
appointed guardian for the Countess de
Casiellane in a proceeding In the French
court. The creditors claim that the pur
pose of this proceeding was to get the
property o£ tne Countess de Castellane
away from attack by her creditors, so as
to enable the Goulds to force a settle
ment of the debts at the'.r own time and
en their own terms.
Judge Dillon, counsel for the Gould
family, made the following statement
concerning the suit:
"The Cuunu-ss de Castellane is not en
titled to any part of the capital or nrln
clpal fusi of the estate of her father, as
the statement of the plaintiff seems to
Imply. The will of Mr. Gould provides, in •
substance, that the income is to be a
Trust fund in the hands of the trustees, to
be appropriated f,, r tn e support and main- I
tenanoe of his daughter, and that sho can- i
not anticipate or dispose of nnv part of ¦
that income until it is actually received '
by hrr. .ir.d that until so received it shall '
rot be liable for her debts or those of her I
husband; and undoubtedly the trustees :
will feel. It to b<? their duty to see that !
this provision in the will is carried out to ;
Its full extent, or so far as possible. She
has no control, nor has the Count anv
control, over the principal fusi. which
K0«>s to her children after her death.
In th(» foreprr-intr statement. It is sala
that cred'tors claimed at the proceedings
In Paris, whorfhy G^rree Gould was ap
pointed ruanMan for his sister, that the
Jflea of the OnuUI family was to fret pos
session of the Income of the Countess de
Castellan** and force her creditors to set
tle on their own terms. This is obvious.
ly a mistake, n? the only pffoct of that
proceeding is to prevent her from lncur
rtnp frpsh obligations without the consent
or rj^r orothor."
Seelig's Gigantic Swindle.
Ilenrv Soolig. nll^ed to be a swindler
and a fugitive from justice for four vears
has been arrested here and held at police
headquarters. He was arraigned in the
Court of General Sessions to-day to an
ewer complaints from persons scattered
all over the country. Four years ago. It is
charged, as "B. Blank," he did business
in this city, obtaining- poods worth more
than half a million dollars, which he dis
posed of for what he could get, making no
returns therefor. He is believed to have
made a clear profit that year of $300,000.
The first day after the police took charge
V~ I' 8 offlc « that year letters came from
.72 business nrms, calling for settlement
cf overdue claims. i
Later Seelig was Jn Brooklyn and still !
later in several of the lanrer cities of the
A\ e st. Captain McCluskey suspects that
he or his associates are even now running
a swindle with headquarters In Chicaco.
He said that his arrc-n was an outrage
and that he was the victim of mistaken
Identity. \\ hen taken to police headquar
ters he said that his name was Heinrich
Bo^ley. He gave his a«re as 46 years and
refused to say where he lived. He was
locked up, without any Information hav
ing been obtained from him. The police are
now attempting to trace his brother and
a man named Matsener.
Horses for Kitchener's Use.
Horses to the number of 50,000 are to be
purchased In this country in the next «ix
months by agents of the British Govern- I
rnent for the use of Lord Kitchener's i
forces in policing the Transvaal and Or- I
antre Free State. This news has been an- j
nounced b» John S. liratton of St. Louis
who has supplied, dlrectlv and lndirectlv
to th" lirfueh army, in theTast two years'
many horses suitable for eavalrv use. He
has received a telegram from one of his
managers. Ftating that the British mili
tary purchasing: agent- will be at his stock
yard this week to select saddle horses for
immediate shipment from New Orleans to
Durban. Mr. Bratton's brother is a mem
ber of Parliament from the Liberal con
stituency of Magheragh, County Tyrone
Ireland.
Potter to Furnish Charges.
Mayor Van Wyck received a letter from
Bishop hotter to-day, saying that the
statements by the Rev. Messrs. Paddock
and George regarding insulting language
used to them by certain police officials
would be sworn to and forwarded to the
Mayor. These- statements were reported
by the police board several days ago pre
sumably for use In connection with the
trials of Inspector Cross and Captain
¦ttellihy.
Cr.lifornians in New York.
The following Californlans are In New
York: Prom Saa Francisco— Mrs. M.
Davis, at the Grand Union; Mrs. N. B
EyeJer and V. E. Field and wire, at the
Murray Hill; B. Hayden. >at the Manhat
tan; C. D. Heyes, at the St George- C
V,*. Hill and wife, at the St Cloud; E.
Jacobson, at the Albert; R. C. Kirk, at
the Hoffman; C. C Lacey. at the St.
Denis; J. Lugsden and wife, at the Man
hattan: F*. A- Morris and wife, at- the
Bartholdi; C. Murto, at the Imperial; E
I,. Reese and E. Rideout, at the Holland;
F. A. Ropers, at the Murray Hill; w. H.
Taylor and wife and the Misses Taylor!
at the Holland: J. Vincent, at the Broad
way Central: M. Vulcuret. at the Hoff
man; Mi?s N. V. Wood and J. W. Wood,
at the Manhattan: G. Bayha and B.
JV-ckpr, at the Holland: II. Davis, at the
Park Avenue: M. Murphy, at the Murray
Hill: G. WalJach ¦ and wife, at the St
Denl«. Prom Los Anceles— P. Clark, at
the Herald Square; Mrs. Hoard, at the
Broadway Central; &L W. Neehn and F.
Zwicker. at the Park Avenue. From Sari
r»iepo — t,. B. ICirby, at the Imperial.
From Pan Jose — G. W. Worlhan, at the
Grand Union.
Test Case Brought in Order to Expe
dite the Payment of Debts Con
tracted by Anna Gould's
Husband.
An Assignee Brings Suit
to Tie Up the Trust
Moneys.
WILY CREDITORS
OF CASTELLANE
CHICAGO, Nov. 26.— The delegates to
the ninth annual convention of the Na
tional Irrigation Congress, which closed
last' Saturday, unanimously' declared that
greater interest in Irrigation of the arid
lands of the United | States had been
arousrd by this convention than any pre
viously held.
"We believe that the Chicago convention
of the Natior.ul Irrigation Congress has
accomplished a great object," saul Georjje
H, Maxwell; chairman of the executive
committee. "It has placed before the pto
ple of the whole of the United States the
importance of the problem of national ir
rigation, and has particularly brought it
to the- attrition cl the pcopie of the fcust
in a rL.anr.er not otherwise possible. A
genuine interest in the subject seems to
have been awaiem-a. So mucn good would
result from the carrying out or the policy
by the natlor.nl Government and result in
bo many ciiftorent ways that people who
have no Interest In irrigation useif are
being attracted to the idea.
"It would accomplish the coionization of
the West and the creation of a great mar
ket for manufacturing; it wouici result in
the employment ot ia~or, the development
of mnnng, in assistance to n.ivigatiou, in
the pie\eiuion oi aoous una in reliet fur
the congested conuuion ».«i our cities in
supply ii.fi liiitteriai lor tnousanus or .-unau
rural ncines.
"Last year," continued Mr. Maxwell,
"Chtcago vus fixed upon as me nieetins
place lor this year's congress, and woix
was at once begun by tho National irri
gation Association to bring me subject
uefore ihe pcopie of tne £a*t tnrougn
their commercial organizations. Tne mer
chants of lx>s Angeies began the worJCjby
correspondence vwtli several thousand of
the Eastern merchants ana .manufac
turers who rind a market tor their goods
in that city, a city which is a magnifi
cent object lesson of tne niarveioun trans
formation that water will work in the
West. The merchants of St. Paul and
Omaha next took up the work of organiza
tion through similar correspondence, and
finally a large number of merchants and
manufacturers of Chicago extended to the
movement 'their strong influence anil sup
port, and likewise took up the matter by
correspondence with other Eastern mer
chants and manufacturers. As. a result
of this work the membership of the Na
tional Irrigation Association now com
prises nearly a thousand of the leading
mercantile concerns of the United States,
and has a membership extending from
California to Maine and from Minnesota
to Texas.' Agricultural, commercial, hor
ticultural ami labor organizations from
one end of the country to the other have
strongly indorsed the irrigation movement
by resolutions and given to it their earnest
aid and co-operation."
"Have not the Kastern people, however,
been inclined to consider the proposition
wholly a Western question?" he was
asked. ¦
"We have heard much of Kastern oppo
sition," said Mr. Maxwell, "but I have
yet to find a single Eastern business man
not in hearty accord with the movement
as coon as it is explained to him. The act
ive co-operation of the labor organizations
bears this out. The movement has tln
ally crystallized Into a sentiment which is
essentially national in its broadest sense,
and the organizations that are now enlist
ing in 'the national irrigation movement
are not promoting it from any local or
sectional point of view, but from a convic
tion, that the planting of American civili
zation and the building of homes for fifty
million new citizens under the American
flag in places which are now waste -and
desolate- is a national purpose which de
mands support from every eltizen in every
section of the country, because the far
reaching and widespread benefits from the
reclamation of this vast area of virgin
territory would create a national pros
perity in which all would share.".
"Is politics likely to enter into the
question to any extent?".
"The great political parties of the coun
try in their platforms in the last cam
paign both indorsed it and hence the
movement is in no sense partisan or po
litical. It rises to the highest and the pur
est patriotism, and the motto of the move
ment. 'Save the forests and store the
floods." is one which can be subscribed to
bv every citizen of the United States, east
and west. •
"The great stimulation of business and
production incident to the colonization of
tlip Middle "West, where men went out :irrl
took up from ICO to C40 acres each and
made homes for themselves, would be
fmiiill compared with what would occur if
100.000,000 acres of arid land, which would
bo inexhaustibly fertile, is given water and
divided Into ten and twenty acre highly
cultivated farms. These facts the Chlcapo
irrigation conpress has presented to the
people of the East and they are studying
them." .'
Delegates to the Recent Irrigation
Congress at Chicago Think a
Great Object Has Been
Accomplished.
Subject Is Brought Before
People of the Entire
Country.
RECLAMATION OF
THE ARID LANDS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, '• TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 27, 1900.
CORONET FOR ANOTHER
PRETTY AMERICAN GIRL
NOVEMBER CORN IS
GORNERED BY PHILLIPS
2
Don't use hog fat.
WHITE COTTOLENE
should take its place and as a
result both' your food and health
would be improved.
There is no hog fat in COT-
TOLENE, nothing but pure
vegetable oil and choice beef
suet, and as a consequence food
cooked • with it is delicious,,
wholesome and easily digested.
One trial will convince you of its
excellence.
#2^^>&] The N'XrarrSank Company,
'/Jifi'X^Stl Chicago— Solo ManufMtiiiwrm.
!t*'j?%y"i« F*vICF* I Ot3r dainty booklet. ¦ «
*" " w *-«»~ A l-ubiio Secret."
. fc -Jvf JyJtJ" £ 1 mallfd fr«v> to any arlilrM*. for
'Snt^——iSi ono5c!«tAinp w« will wrnd fr^onr
tfT"' .'it 1:s P"-t e recipe hook. "H»mj
lC?=SsS5>l Helps,' edited by Mrs. lla^x.
To Cure a Cold in * One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. AH
drurelBU refund the money If It f alia to cure.
E. W. Grove's signature la on each box. 25c. »
fi ixiJ^ 1^. ' ' T" in i i " "^
% Price j
i sale all i
| this week, j
A tremendous success-;
' seems as if every woman in i
town wanted a new readv-to- i
wear, outinj; or untrimmed i
hat.
Hundreds of women who
j came yesterday only to look
I and price thines. bouzht arms-
I ful — the littleness of our orices
j are too attractive-^-vou can't
i pass these hats without our- 1)
j chasing. And whv not. when !
' every hat is just exactly half of
what it sold for last week?
i ,
! ; Tir TKev
ADVERTISEME2JTTS.and many' of the bad men of this State
owe uieir removal rrom business to him.
Black ±Jart, mat accomplished road agent
of most original methods, was finally cor
nered, more through the clever work of
Tom Cunn'ngham ihan that cf any other
man. Black .tJart" waj* a wonderful pedes
trian. He would reach Stockton from
£an. Francisco on the morning boat and
by nightfall would have walked forty
miles into the mountains. The next day
the poetical robber would turn his usual
trick. Many will recall with what fre
quency the stages were robbed. Cunning
ham was always on the ground as soon as
possible to I00K for some evidence, and his
staying qualities were nnally rewarded.
Arriving at the point where the stage had
last been stoppea, he examined closely and
nnally founa a nandkerchief. That find
marked the end of Hart's career. Noting
the marking, Cunningham visited the San
t rancisco laundries and after a long
search located Black Bart as the owner ot
tha linen. Tne highwayman's arrest fol
lowed.
Bigler was a member of the Mormon
Battalion and was working at Sutter's
millrace when the discovery was made.
He and three others were guests of honor
at the California Golden Jubilee celebra
tion in January, 1S98. The other three are
yet living, namely, James S. Brown of
Salt Lake City; Azariah Smith of Manti.
Utah, and William J. Johnston of Raman,
New Mexico.
"Clear, as has been the last week. Our
metal has been tried and proves to be
gold. It Is thought to be rich. We have
picked up more than a hundred dollars
within the last week."
SALT LAKE, Nov. 26.— Henry "W,
Bigler, the man who made the
first record of the great Cali
fornia gold discovery in 1848, died
at . St. George, Utah, on Saturday
of pneumonia. He was about 75 years old.
His record of the gold discovery reads:
"Monday, 24th. — This day some kind of
metal was found in the tallrace that
looks like gold."
This entry was made January 24, 1848.,
Six days later, on the 30th. Bigler made
the following entry in his diary:
THE LATE THOMAS CUNNINGHAM, EX-SHERIFF OF SAN JOAQUIN
COUNTY. WHOSE SUDDEN DEATH IS MOURNED BY HUNDREDS
""of californians.
HENRY "W. BIGLER, THE MAN MAKING THE FIRST RECORD OF THE
DISCOVERY OF GOLD IN CALIFORNIA, WHO DIED SATURDAY AT
ST. GEORGE. UTAH, FROM PNEUMONIA.
8AN RAFAEL. Nov. 26.— A bungling at
tempt to open his cell door ln the County
Jail here to-day was made by J. Emrnins
ton. the ex-convict who is awaitins Ws
examination for having shot Prison Guard
Samuel Randolph at San Quenrin last
week. He damaged th© lock of hi? cell
to such a degree that it took a locksmith
an hour to open the door. The prisoner
claimed that Saturday night's earthquaks
was responsible for the damage. Hia ex
amination has been set for next Wednes
day. Guard Randolph has recovered.
Attempts to Break Jail.
with J. H. Perkins. He was arrested on
a charue of deserting his wife and child,
but is stispected of: being out of the threa
men who robbed a bank ln Wlnnemucca,
Nev.. of $15,000 last September. It la sup
posed his wife has informed on him.
SACRAMENTO. Nov. 2*.-A Deputy
Sheriff arrived to-night from Los Angeles
BANK ROBBER SUSPECT
IN" SACRAMENTO'S JAXL
PORTLAND. Nov. 28.-The Orezon'an
¦will to-morrow say: Something strictly
new in t— e wheat exporting 1 fcustnesa cama
to light yesterday in the charter of the
British steamship Glenturret by Dodv/ell
& Co. to load on Pug« Sound for Europe
by way at the Orient and the Suez canal
The shipment which goes out on me
Glenturret will be the first tnat has ev?r
gone to Europe by way of the Orient.
The Glenturret, which is the firs", of a
regular lme that will ply between ih»
Pacific Coast ports, will Ioa3 on h^r flrst
outward trip about 3000 tons cf wheat and,
will fill up the remainder of her 6>J0w tor.3
space with freight for the Orient. Sho
will touch at Yokohama, Kobe, Hong
kong. Manila, Singapore and Colombo.
There is always a large local traffic be
tween these ports and the- steamers will
discharge and load at each of them.
Freight ofterlnga from Europe to tha
Orient are always heavy and there will be
no difficulty in obtaining full outward car-,
goes for the steamers coming this way.
They expect to obtain enough through
freight from Europe to the Pacific Coa3t
to enable the steamer to fill up her ca
pacity when she leaves the Orient to cross
the Pacific.
The Glenlochy, a sister ship of tho Glen
turret. now en route from th© Orient to
the Sound to load wheat for Europo. proi»»
ably will return ln the new service.
WHEAT FOR EUROPE BY
WAY OF SUEZ CANAL
New Departure by the Firm That Has
Chartered the Steamship
Glenturret.
MERCED, Nov. 26.— The body of an un
known man was found in a lone cabin a
few miles south of this city yesterday
afternoon. It was so badly mutilated by
coyotes that it was beyond recognition. It
Is supposed to be that of some man who
during the summer went into the cabin
for shelter from the hot sun.
desperate criminals in the State and ex
hibited a coolness and a nerve possessed
by few officers," said he. "In all of his
career he never hurt a. man, nor was he
wounded himself. ~ This was due to the re
markable tact with which he arranged
the plans for a capture. Many of the des
peradoes when brought • to bay showed
fight, but they never had a chance to do
any damage,- for they were quickly dis
armed and handcuffed. . •:
"The 1 Sheriff possessed a persistency in
tracking criminals which made him his
fame. He would follow a crook thousands
of miles, and generally land him. -Stage
robbers held him in terror and nearly ou
of them: that committed : crimes In San
Joaquin or adjacent counties were event
ually landed to San'Quentln.* The farm
ers never lost faith in Cunningham.' His
strong forte, which won their favor, was
his skill In catching horse thieves.
"Many of the • famous cases of this
county were ¦ prosecuted successfully by
the assistance of the Sheriff. This is also
true of many cases * ; in other counties of
California. .The principal witnesses in
the ' Patterson-Dorsey, murder case were
found In Stockton through his efforts." .
Ex-Chief - of - Police ; Lees has accepted
an Invitation to act as pallbearer at the
funeral of Shariff Cunningham, and will
go to Stockton to-day for that purpose. •
Body Found in Cabin.
COLUSA, Nov. 26.— Curry Harrington,
son of Colonel John T. Harrington of Co
lusa, met a serious and painful accident
yesterday while hunting ducks. A driz
zling rain was ialllng and he attempted to
wipe his gun barrels off with his handker
chief while holding the gun with his hand
over the muzzle. The handkerchief caught
in the trigger and discharged the weapon,
blowing off the thumb and nearly half of
the palm of his hand. It may be neces
sary to amputate the flrst two fingers
Maimed by Shotgun Accident.
CHICAGO, Nov. 26.— The members of
the Epworth League have issued an ulti
matum to the Western railroads. They
have decreed that unless they are granted
a round trip rate of $50 from Chicago for
their biennial convention scheduled to be
held In San Francisco next July, they
will hold their meeting in some Eastern
or Central Western city.
A meeting will be held here next Fri
day by officials of the Transcontinental
Passenger Association ln an effort to
agree upon the proposed rate. A similar
meeting In St. Louis last week brought no
resultsf
About fifty boats were anchored west
of Point Pelee to-day. Since the wind has
gone to the northwest a number of them
have gone out. .
LEAGUERS MAY CHANGE
CONVENTION CITY
KIXGSVILLE, Ont., Nov. 26.— An un
known schooner is sunk on the middle
ground off Point Pelee and the sailors are
lashed ln the rigging, the masts being
above the water. Since Sunday morning
the tug Amherstburg has been trying to
rescue the men. but there Is such a nigh
sea running that her efforts have been
fruitless. It is feared that the men will
die from exposure before aid can reach
them. The schooner Reuben Doud is also
on the middle ground, but, nothing Is
known of her condition.
May Die Before Aid Can
Reach Them.
Men Lashed to Rigging of Schooner
REDDING, Nov. 26.— James Clancey
was run over and killed in the Redding
railroad yards last night. He was a mem
ber of a construction gang "employed at
present at Clear Creek, six miles south
of Redding. Clancey came to this city to
spend Sunday afternoon and evening.
While waiting ln the yard to ride back
to the scene of his employment Clancey
was leaning against the end of a freight
car. Switching was in progress and the
unfortunate man was knocked down and
run over, dying Instantly.
James Clancey came from San Fran
cisco, where for years he, was employed
as bookkeeper by O'Connor & Moffatt.
His father is employed by the Spring
Valley Water Company.
SAZLORS IN PERIL
ON LAKE ONTABIO
Freight Car That Is Bsing*
Switched.
James Clancey Is Run Down by a
SAN" FRANCISCAN KILLED
IN THE REDDING YARDS
TACOMA, Nov. 26. — Coal outcroppings
have been traced for seventeen miles
along Chignik Bay, 325 miles this side of
Unimak Pass. Alaska. Claims covering
the better part of these vast deposits
have been tiled by miners employed by
Thomas Mapnon. The manager of the
Apollo gold mines at Unga says the veins
uncovered to date are four and a half,
five and nine feet thick, containing ex
cellent lignite and bituminous coals. In
the spring diamond drills will be employed
to determine the depth and continuity of
the deposits and development will com
mence on a large scale. The veins are
situated near tidewater and only five
miles distant is a sheltered harbor where
steamers or sailing vessels can load in
safety. The deposits are so large as to
make certain a permanent supply for
Alaskan towns. This alone will affect the
Pacific Coast coal supply.
Shore of Chignik Bay.
Large Veins Uncovered Near the
COAL ON ALASKAN COAST.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Postoffice Appointments and List of
Psnsions Granted.
"WASHIN"GTON> Nov. 25.— Postmasters
commissioned : Oregon— Samuel H. Mad-
I'.ock, Clifton; William S. Older, Shaniko;
appointed— N. G. Fairchilds, Fairdale.
Vamhill County, vice C. C. ¦Wilson, re
t-ipned.
Hippolythus I. A. da Silva has been ap
;> r !nted Chinese interpreter at San Fran
cisco.
Pensions issued: California— Original-
Martin J. B^rke. Veterans' Home. Napn
K; Joseph H. Hall. San Francisco, 16
increase— Samuel Buchanan, i^os An
geles, $3.
Oregon— Original— Irwin C. Bulman
Portland. ?S.
Washington — Original — William G
"rafts. Marietta, $7. Additional— William
H. Shaffer, Seattle, $12.
REOPENS HIGHBINDER WAR.
Ymi Tue Succumbs to "Wound Inflict
ed by an Assassin.
SAN* JOSE, Nov. 26.-YOU Tue. the Chi
nese who was shot by highbinders yes
terday, tlied at the Receiving Hospital
this afternoon. His murderers have not
>*-t been apprehended. The police believe
the shooting is the beginning of another
highbinder war. Eight days ago an un
successful attempt was made to kill You
Tue.
The murder of You Tue Is believed to
mean a revival of the old feud between
Hip Sing Tongs and Bing Oongs. The
members of both societies are worked up
over the murder, and it Is said the Bing
Oongs will not rest until they have
avenged You Tue.
PASSING OF JAMES H. ELLIS.
Millionaire Pioneer of Gilroy Valley
Answers the Final Summons.
GILROY, Nov. 26— James H. Ellis, a
capitalist of Gilroy Valley, died last even
ing at the age of 73 years, death being
lue to hemorrhage of the brain, ilr. El
lis waf a pioneer, having 1 come to the
state In 1S50. and located near Gllroy alx
rears later. He owned 1000 acres south ot
town, property in Gilroy and San Jose,
led was a stockholder ln banks at Gilroy,
IJollistc-r, Salinas and San Jose. The valu*
if his estate is more than $1,000,000. He
s survived by a widow and five children.
SHOT BY A FOOTPAD.
Citizen of The Dalles Receives a Mor
tal Wound.
THE DALLES, Or.. Nov. 26.— James
Lamb and James Smith were held up by
two highwaymen three miles east of this
place at an early hour this morning.
Lamb refused to give up his money and
ran. The highwaymen fired, one bullet
s-triking Lamb and inflicting a probab«y
ratal wound. His home is near Ashland.
The robbers esc»i>ed.
m
idaimed by an Explosion.
PRESCOTT. Ariz.. Nov.. 26.— Carrillo
I'Jores and Manuel Herraz, woodchoppers,
sustained frightful Injuries- by an explo
sion of giant powder yesterday in a forest
several miles south of here. They used
powder for splitting wood and had placed
.several charges in logs and had several
sticks lying around loose. The latter ac
cidentally exploded, blowing off Flores*
right hand, breaking his right leg an'd
lacerating and bruising his body. Her
raz's eyes were blown out, his right leg
broken and his body shockingly bruised.
The injured men were brought to the hoa-
Dltai here. It ts thought both will die. t ; *
The suit is the outcome of trouble be
tween Huckaby and hie wife. The couple
cculd not get along and phe returned to
her father's home. Huckaby insisted on
tailing to see her and each time he and
his father-in-law quarreled. The latter
had him arrested three times for disturb
ing the peace, and battery, which com
pelled the son-in-law to spend some time
in jail. Each time Huckaby cleared hlm-
F<--if of the charge. To add to his troubles.
Kuckaby's wife sued him for divorce. He
et once began action against his wife's
father for damages for malicious prose
cution.
Most of the day was occupied ln ob
taining a jury.
Malicious Prosecution Alleged by a
San Joss Resident.
SAN JOSK. Nov. 26.— Twelve thousand
five hundred dollars damages is the- sum
asked for in a suit now being heard be
fore Judge Rhodes. The action is brought
by C. N. Huckaby against his father-in
law. J. H. Moellering, for alleged, mali
cious prosecution.
SUES TTTS FATHER-IN-LAW.
T. F. Gibbon, vice president of the Los
Ar.geks and Salt Lake road, is authority
for the statement that the Burlington
road Is headed for Salt Lake. When Mr.
Oib-bon was in Salt Lake recently he
learned that the Durlir.gton had pur
chased several tracts of land in that city
suitable for terminal structures, and he
also discovered that a number of Bur
linKton purveyors' checks were circulat
ing: about. He infers from this and other
cumulative evidence of minor significance
that the Burlington road Is In earnest and
will certainly be extended to SaJt Lake. In
the near future.
LOS ANGELES. Nov. 26.— It is stated
here that within three weeks the property
cf the Terminal Railroad will be trans
ferred to the Los Angeles and Salt Lake
Railway Company. Several new locomo
tives and much additional rolling stock
have been ordered and there is every* evi
dence that the work on the new road to
Salt Lake will b<* commenced shortly and
prosecuted with great vigor.
to E,un Its Line Into the Utah
Metropolis.
BTJRUra-GTON KOAD MAY .
EXTEND TO SALT LAKE
Evidence That the Company Intends
EXPRESS TRAIN
COLLIDES WITH
LIGHT ENGINE
Disaster to the North-Bound
Oregon in Suburbs ol
Dunsmuir.
THREE LOCOMOTIVES WRECKED
Several Memb-rs of Their Cre-ws In
jured, > but the Passengers Es
cape With a Slight
Shaking 1 . .
The wrecking crew was quickly on hand
and the track was cleared by 2 o'clock th 3
afternoon.
The terrific shock threw the passengers
from their seats, but happily r.o r.113 was
seriously injured. The three locomotives
were badly wrecked, the platforms of sev
eral of the cars were damaged and nu
merous windows were broken. Engineer
Albert Schadt escaped with a slight scalp
wound. Fireman Frank T. Green 3U9
talned a badly crushed heel, his boot hav
ing been caught between the engine and
tender. Each of the other members of the
three engine crews was somewhat bruised,
but not enough to disable them.
DUNSMt'IR. Nov. 25.— In a head end
collision of the north-bound Oregon ex
press with a light engine near Dunsmuir
at 10 o'clock this morning several men
were slightly Injured. The Oregon ex
press, drawn by two locomotives in charge
of Engineers O'Malley and J. XI. Camp
bell, consisted of eleven cars well filled
with passengers. When rounding the
abrupt curve between Dunsmulr and Up
per Soda Springs, at the point where tha
abandoned Oregon wagon road crosses the
railway track, it collided with south-bound
engine No. 1SS3. Engineer Albert Schadt.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAX JOSE, Xov. 25. — A movement look
ing to a greater San Jose was in3ticuted
at the meeting of the City Council this
morning. Councilman Macaulay brought
it up and Mayor Martin was empowered
to appoint a special committee of three
to have charge of Hie plan of extension.
The limits- of San Jone have noi been
extended since the city was organized,
and the territory encompassed is the
smallest of any city in the State. Ad
jacent and immediately tributary to the
cily is a population of about 14.0O0. With
these suourbs annexed San Jose would
have a population of 35,w.>0, instead or
il,60u as given by the late census. Thus
it would ranK as fourth city in the State-
It is proposed to extend the limits on
the north, east and west. On the east
there is East San Jose, with a population
of several thousand, and to the west there
is the thlcklv settled Crandalivihe and
Alameda. A "large number could be added
on the north, in the vicinity of the Hotel
Vcndome.
Most of the pecple in these suburbs are
employed in the city and depend upon it
fcr everything. The localities lack police
and lire protection and sewers and it Is
believed the offering of these will prove
strong inducements to bring them in.
» Special Dispatch to The Call.
Extension Would Make the. Santa
Clara Valley Metropolis Fourth
Among California Mu
nicipalities.
COUNCIL TAKES INITIAL ACTION
Movement on Foot for
Annexation ol City
GREATER SAN
J0SE PLANNED
BY OFFICIALS
The petrifaction was brought to town
and view*»d by hundreds of people. Some
¦were inclined to believe it a "fake,"' but
the preponderance of opinion is that there
is no fraud connected with the find. If
It be the work of nature it is remark
able, and if manufactured by artisans
they were aJe-pts at deception.
The body is that of a young man about
five feet eight inches in height and of
magnificent build.
Ji-ROME, Ariz.. Nov. 26.— Almost life
like i:i its every feature, the petrified
body of a man was uncovered this rcorn
lr,g by a prospector ln Deception Guich.
a half mile south of Jerome. Every curve
uni line had been preserved in the process
of 'ofsilizaiion, and interest is added to
the discovery by evidences that the un
ktiGvra had died a violent death. His
hoart and right arm had been pierced by
bu'lets, and the gaping wounds tell a
s=tcrv of probable murder.
While the prospector was at work in
Deception Gulch he noticed a foot of a
man protruding from the side of the hill.
He hastened to a camp near by and ln
'ormefi tts occupants of hi? find, proceed
ing, with them to the scene. They ex
humed the petrified bodv of a man in per
fect condition. It was" found in a lime
formation and has all the appearances of
a lime rock.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Bullet "Wounds Through Heart and
Arm Tell a Story of the Prob
able Murder of the
Unknown.
EVIDENCE OP VIOLENT DEATH
Perfect Human Fossil Pound
in Lime Formation
Rear Jerome,
PETRIFIED BODY
UNEARTHED BY
A PROSPECTOR
FIRST TO RECORD
DISCOVERY OF GOLD
Henry W. Bigler, an Early Pioneer of
California, Passes Away
SUDDEN PASSING OF
THOMAS CUNNINGHAM
Veteran Peace Officer of San Joaquin
County Falls Dead.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 27, 1900.
Big Blaze at j Eastern.
EAJ3TON, Pa.',^ Nov." 26.— Fire' to-night
destroyed the • cement 1 plant of ' .W." A.
Kruze A Son at Martins Creek. Loss
$200,000.
Stella Polar Leaves Larvik.
CHRISTIANIA. Nov.- 26.— The Arctic ex
ploring: steamer Stella , Polar left Larvik
to-day for • Italy. "¦¦ The Duke of Abruzzl
will leave Cnristlanla Wednesday.
LOS ANGELES. Nov. 26.— A controlling
Interest in the Union Oil Company, f the
oldest in the State and a . dividend payer
for twenty years, has been sold to a syn
dicate composed of the principal stock
holders of | the Edison Electric Company
of this city. The price paid is said to be
$800,000, and the/ capital stock will be Im
mediately increased from $5,000,000 to $10,
000.000. The company has property all
over the State, but its principal wells are
located in Ventura County. ' , ,
Transfer, of Oil ' Property.
The first alarm of fire was given this
morning when a lad rushed into the pres
ence of Miss Cora U. Edgington and an
nounced that the building was ablaze. He
then left to join the flre brigade, which
was already at work. The fire alarm was
not given until all the children upstairs
had been taken from the building. In the
meantime little Gerrold. being the oldest,
collected his flre company and set at
work. ' " .
Two lines of hose were unreeled and the
water turned on. The little fellows here
forced their way into the cellar. The
smoke was suffocating and the flames
gave forth a heat that might have driven
back grown people. The children dragged
their hose right under the burning ceiling,
upon which they poured the streams. The
flre had made great headway. The
walls and- ceiling of the basement were a
sheet of flames. Soon the ceiling fell and
the flames shot upward to the *story
above. It looked for many minutes as
though the building would go.
The flre gong rang and an alarm • was
sent to San Rafael, two miles away.
Through all the noise, heat and excite
ment the little orphans never flinched.
Burning brands fell about them and the
smoke made more than one little fellow
choke for breath.
When the flames burst up into the re
ception-room Gerrold sent the smaller
boys with all kinds of buckets to the up
per floor. They formed a bucket brigade
and rushed back and forth through the
smoke-tilled building; each contributing
his mite of water to the hungry flames.
After about twenty minutes', work the ef
forts of the youthful firemen told and the
conflagration came under 'their control
and was extinguished.
-The fire started from a defective flue In
SAN RAFAEL, Nov. 26.— There was a
fire ln the Presbyterian Orphanage at San
Anselmo this morning. That the great
building stands to-night is due to the al
most matchless heroism "of forty little or
phans who risked their lives in the smoke
and flames that filled the basement of the
building and which later burst through
the floor of s. the reception-room. Under
the sole direction of their fire chief, Harry
Gerrold, aged 14 years, they gave battle to
the flames like veterans. Two lines of
hose were. dragged into the basement by
tiny hands, while a bucket brigade of lit
tle tots swarmed into the reception-room
and threw all the water they could carry
upon the leaping flames. The fire was ex
tinguished, and forty tired little orphans
sleep to-night under the roof they saved.
Some own burned jackets, some hands
are blistered and faces scorched and all
*&re smoke begrimed and weary.
Special Dispatch* to The CalL
the basement and had gained great head
way before It was discovered. Miss Cora
U. Edgington. who has charge of the in
stitution, says that the building would
have been a total loss had it not been for
the stout-hearted little firemen who acted
so promptly. Outside help could never
have arrived ln time to save the building.
The institution is known as the San Fran
cisco Presbyterian Orphanage and Farm.
CHILDREN SAVE ORPHANS'
HOME FROM DESTRUCTION
Little Heroes Battle With Flames and
Smoke and Succeed in Checking
a Conflagration.
Almost every visitor to Stockton has
looked through the museum the Sheriff
gathered during the last quarter of a cen
tury. It Is a remarkable collection of
grim articles with bloody histories. More
than 1000 knives, guns, pistols, slungshots
and many weapons Inconceivable in con
struction to any mind but that of the
criminal are on exhibition. In one case
is one of the old-time deer rifles, powder,
cap and ball— the kind Boone used on big
game and redskins. This is the gun which
finished the career of the bandit Joaquin
Murieta in Fresno County many years
ago. It was used by J. W. Chllds, who
was a member of Captain Love's party in
the final roundup of the cutthroat. :A- coat
of mail, made of wire rings and woven
eo closely that no bullet could penetrate
it, occupies a place in the museum, and
weapons with histories extending from
the days of '49 to the present time may
be counted by dozens. : ¦ >.^fflS»ftf»t<lBW»
Sheriff Cunningham has handled num
bers of the most distinguished criminals,
Cunningham studied the criminal from
the time he tracked him to his lair until
he bade him good-by at the gallows or
the prison gates. The veteran's work was
not all "outside work." He maintained
from--- the flrst a systematic record of
crime and criminals, both those coming
under his personal observation and those
of all the most successful peace officers in
the country. Volume after volume was
stored in his private office, filled with
newspaper clippings telling of crime. Hia
"rogues' gallery" is known all over the
Paciflc'Coast, and there Is nothing to com
pare with it on this side of the. Rocky
Mountains. This gallery has cost fully
$10,000, and contains more than 42,000 pic-,
tures of criminals from all over the world.
in Criminals.
When Thomas Cunningham began his
public career California had men like
Harry Morse for Sheriff, and the young
officer speedily took his place beside them
and participated ln many of the daring
episodes in which intrepid officers and
nervy desperadoes figured. He lived to
see all of his associates of those early
days pass away. Notwithstanding all the
daring arrests to his credit he never re
ceived a scratch and never shed blood.
He was the flrst man the discharged^ con
vict would approach for aid after com
pleting a sentence Cunningham was in
strumental in giving him. ; v * i » > >
•ffis Name One Which. Inspired Terror
CUNNINGHAM KNEW NO FEAR.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON, Nov. 26.— Thomas Cun
ningham, the veteran ex-Sheriff
of San Joaquin County, died sud
denly at Tuttletown. Tuolumne
County, at 5 o'clock this morning
of apoplexy. News of his demise, when
received in local official circles this fore
noon and among the old residents of the
city, caused widespread regret. He spent
last nigrht with W. C. Ralston at the Me
lones mine and left there at an early hour
this morning for Jamestown, where he in
tended boarding the train for his home in
Stockton. On (he way to Tuttletown he
told Barlow, the driver, that he found it
difficult to brea:he. On reaching Tuttle
town to said to the driver:
"I can't stani this any longer; I've got
to get out."
When the driver helped him from the
vehicle he dropped to the ground, expir
ing a few seconds later-
Ex-Sheriff Cunningham left Stockton
Saturday afternoon for Angels Camp. He
had been importuned to be present at the
Republican ratification on Saturday night
and made the trip to the mountains
against his own wishes.
The news of his death was immediately
sent to this city to his family and to the
Sheriff's office, when arrangements were
commenced in preparation for receiving
the body. Congressman-elect Samuel D.
Woods arranged for a special train on the
Sierra road from Oakdale to Jamestown
and for the proper transfer at Oakdale on
the return to this city.
When court convened at 10 o'clock this
morning many lawyers were present and
Judges Budd and Jones sat in bank. Con
gressman-elect Woods arose and made a
touching speech, referring to the magnifi
cent qualities of the deceased and charac
terizing him as beinr as gentle as a
woman and brave as a Hon. He moved
that a committee be appointed to arrange
for the funeral from the standpoint of of
ficial life and that court adjourn ln re
spect to the memory of the dead. Jud^e
Budd and Judge Jones both spoke briefly,
eulogizing the ex-Sheriff. Ansel Smith.
Frank H. Smith and J. E. Budd were ap
pointed a committee, and court adjourned
for a week.
The train bearing the body arrived here
shortly alter 5 o'clock, and the dead ex-
Sheriff was removed to the family home.
The funeral will occur at 10 o'clock on
Thursday morning. The services are to
take place at the Central M. E. Church,
the largest edifice in the city. The gen.
eral supervision of the Interment will b*
under the direction of the Masons, and
all the ministers of the city will partici
pate. The deceased was a- Mason and a
Knight Templar, an Odd Kellow and Com.
mandery member, a Knight of PythZa*.
an Elk. a Red Man and an Exempt Fire
man. All of these organizations will .Join
in the funeral services.
In running down Green, Smith p.nd
3o £Z s 'a th ,? confld e" c e operators who had
robbed Farmer Brack of $2000 in San
Joaquin County, the Sheriff got a trio of
whose careers had been one long list
Of successful swindles. He captured them
in Portland. It is said they offered him
$2000 to permit some scheme of cscaue
but he held on and convicted them After
he was- sure they -would get their "deserts
he solicited, bo far as it. was proper for
him to do eo/the mercy of the court.
Thomas Cunningham has been identified
with the police affairs of this city as well
as his own^ county since he was elected
an : officer. : He worked with ex-Chief ' of
Police Lees and was a bosom friend of the
latter. Ex-Chief Lees expressed deep re
gret when he* learned of ; the Sheriff's
death and paid a high tribute both to his
official career and his generosity in pri
vate life. : - •.,
/ "Cunningham arrested some of the most
Advancing age never diminished the
veteran's activity If the ofllce was called
upon^. to J? rin * ln a desperate man he
would 4 get his sawed -off shotgun ana start
put. A few years ago, he went after WIN
Hams and Slagal.the young desperadoes
who attempted to wreck a train and i-nh
it a few miles from Stockton WHliams
was an expert with a gun and when the
attempted crime failed the youths escaped
to the San Joaquin River bottom*, send
ing word. that they would shoot the first
officer that came after them. They were
hunted several days and finally driven
out on the open country. Coming ovtr a
ridge one day Cunningham came upon
Williams, who was carrying a rifle ready
for action. The veteran called out "Dron
that gun, "Williams," and the gun was
dropped.
One day an escaped convict, a Spaniard
who for want of a better name was called
Lopez, was located near StocKton. Tak
ing a young man as driver Cunningham
%?L\T V prlng w aeon and star ed In
pursuit. He got over Into the foothills
and [knowing that the man was In ih« im
mediate vicinity he gave the driver par
ticular instructions to turn the wheels so
that he could Jump out should they bee
the fellow. Cunningham preferring to
«£~iSV 8rra i? rma - The flrst thln » the
Sheriff knew he was face to ¦ face with
the convict, who was mounted end armed
The Sheriff saw it was to be a fight and
throwing up his revolver, he tried to
S^h m, G ms JE and at the sam « time
climb out of the cart. At the critical
moment the driver turned the M lhl
wrong way. The Sheriff tripped and. was
sent sprawling on the ground;
Realizing even in his plight that the
best shot would win he foiled over and
before the astonished convict could get
hi*, weapon into action the Sheriff let
drive and shot the horse from under him
It was a lucky shot, as the robbe- had
to look out for himself instead of turning
his revolver loose at the Sneriff. Cun
ningham got his man and returned him to
When the State determined to rid its
borders of the terrible bandit Vasquez,
Tom Cunningham and Harry Morse rode
at the head of a posse. They followed the
murderers and their notorious cutthroat
leader farther and farther to the south,
and nnally drove tram into the trap which
wad sprung by waiting officers. For
weeks the posse was in the saddle, ready
to fight at a minute's notice. There was
no place Cunningham would not explore
in que&t of his prey.
There is a story that one day, while out
on an independent tcout, he observed rid
ing over a little knoll a man whom he took
for a cowboy. As there was nothing sus
pic.ous about the man Cunningham did
not hall him. This man, it was afterward
learned, was Vasquez. The tandit, when
captured, said he could have got the drop
on Cunningham. "When asked why he was
so merciful, he made his most winning
bow, placed his hand over his heart and
with the mock courtesy bo characteristic
of the villain, said in Spanish;
"I could not kill the brave young man."
A few years ago there was a stage
robber named Dalton. He had caused
m to u .announced that the first
officer who laid hands on him was prac
tically signing a death warrant for him
self. One day during the fair in Stockton
Cunningham observed a man, whom he
was sure was the robber, standing on
Hunter square watching a game. Without
a moment s hesitation Cunningham
walked up to him and, covering him with
a pistol said quietly: -Don't move/' He
then called a citizen, who relieved Dalton
of his weapons and the Sheriff led the
man-eater away a most docile prisoner.
ft?n?» i ?t, W ? 8 the arrest made that only
In- JSihJlf lmr " ed!at . e v lc»n»ty witnessed
the exhibition of cool nerve and prompt
3
We want to make your
winter . suit for you, be-
cause we know that you
will not stop with one
order, but will trade here
regularly. Many men buy
their suits from us season
after season— they do 'it
because they get their
money's worth — in style,
fit and wear, because they
save money, because they
are fully protected through
our guarantee, and be-
cause they know that the
clothes are all made in S.
light, airy, clean work-
shop, which means a good
deal to people who are in a
position to know of these
advantages.
Why not try one of our
suits— get some samples —
and let us measure you?
We make a good
V
suit to
prderlbr
$1^30
. Out-of-town orders . Wed- —
write for samples and self'
measuring blank.
¦- - - - — :
718 Market Street and
Cor. : Powell and Eddy.}- ilt l K _y iRST ** AC E— Six ami a half furlongs; selling; t'.iree-.vear-o'.ds and up; liurse, |r50.
Time— 'i, :12K : %. :37»4: B *.l:03»i; "».' 1:T>\. Good sta-t. Won easily. iVccnd and third
easily. Winner, W. Fisher's i-h. k. by Sir DSxcn- Wiesbaden. Dr. Bernays overburdened
with patients. He treated them well, winning Ilk* a llin'.oo. Cyril sore In shoulders as
usual. Tirade was bet on. Salvation very sere. Scratched— Loat Girl 1V>. Rainier 109.
i;Si»l. SKCOND RACE— Seven furlongs; Belling; four-year-olds and up; purse, f350.
Time— U. :25; »*. :E0; %, 1:16. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving. Win
ner. W. CchlH's b. c. by Iiuteh Uoller-Woodnir.ee. Race run Just ri^ht to Fuff noer. Ue
<l^ck Ftayed better than usual. Turner on Kenilworth tried to break all existing records
for three furlongs. He succeeded, and also broke those who bet on the colt for a place.
1 .'•:»:_•. THIRD RACK-Slx furlonps; two-yeor-clds; purse. JiCO.
Time— 1 *, :13; %, :<,V-i; *•'*, IMUr, "i. 1:31. Good start. Won flr?t three driving. Winner C.
K. 1'umeU's h. g. by imp. Maxim-Danlela. "To-let" did not ride Maxello this day. Mead
cd I -ark came from the woods. Lou rtey stormy trip. Etplrando too hot, and melted.
Whale'.ack late. Scratched— Romany 104.
1. •;:»¦!. FIFTH RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $350.
The Philadelphia in Drydock. '
VALLEJO; Nov. 28.— The cruiser Phila
delphia was placed In the drydock at
Mare Island to-day.
LONDON, Nov. 27.— "The Jockey Club
has adopted a new regulation," Bays the
Vienna correspondent of the Dally Chron
icle, "forbidding 'doping* on Austrian and
Hungarian racecourses. Whisky, sherry
and champagne' are not forbidden."
"Doping" Forbidden.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 26.-At Bennlrtgs
to-day the track was heavy from recent
rains, the weather cool and thre-atenlns.
Summary: ".
». S 2 1 e . n f urlon B B — K*n*T won, Bever&gs Becond.'
Mordelmo third. Time. 1:34. *
Maiden two-year-olds, five and a half fur
lones—Automaton won. McLasquez second.
Timothy Foley third. Time. 1:13 1-5.
Five and a half furlongs— Dandy Boy won.
Isaac Hopper . second, Albert Enright third!
* 11 AC, X«X3 a - p ' - ¦ ' -- '
Selling, two-year-olds, six furlongs— Quits
Right won San | Luis second. Ajnorita, third.
TlTTlC, '• 1 i!9 3-5. ¦"*'-,"¦. ¦ ¦ -. - '¦'¦ ¦- i •¦;.-¦-.
Mile and a sixteenth, MTl!n*-Mcl«od of Dun
wpiu Beau Meal . mooM. Ciiaries , EsUs . third.
Time, 1:54 4-B. , ¦• \
. ' Mllo and thxwMlxtttt-alh* tacCigwi— Car-
Heavy Track and Cool Weather at
Bennings.
ON EASTERN TRACKS.
For several years past the Ariel Row-
Ing Club has given toward the end of the
year an entertainment and dance. This
year the variety show will be dispensed
with, and the annual dance will take
place In Union Square Hall on Wednesday
evening, beginning at 8 o'clock. The pre
liminary arrangements have been- made
by a committee consisting of J. A, Ged
des, A. Carroll. E. C. Stenberg. A. W".
Taylor and H. Foley. The floor manager
will be William T. Howe, president of the
Artel Rowinsr Club, and he will be as
sisted by J. A. Geddes and Archie Car
roll. The floor committee is made up of
E. C. Stenberg. W. E. Harris. Albert Car
roll, H. Foley, D. Zimmerman, E. J.
Lynch. J. I. Nolan, P. J. E-nrigrht. William
McKee and "W. H. Young. The reception
committee consists of ex-President J. R.
Bockman, James Wilson. Henry Wilson.
Johnson Hardy, D. P. O'Donnell.A. \V.
Taylor. A. Brown, F. M. J.- Kelly, D. J.
Sheehan. E. L. Smith. C. McAullffo and
W. Richter. The profits resulting from
the entertainment will be added to the
building fund.
Ariels Will Dance.
NEW WHAT*COM. Nov. 26.-E. Y.
Grassett, manager of the iate banking
firm of'E. Y. Grassett & Co., was ar
rested to-day charged with grand larceny.
The. complaining witness was a depositor
In the bank, and it is alleged that Gras
sett received deposits when he knew the
institution was in a failing condition.
Grassett's bank was recently absorbed by
the Scandinavian-American Bank of this
city. He was released upon $1000 bonds.
Ex-Banker Under Arrest.
hold its monthly boxing exhibition In the
clubroomf. 317 Sixth street, this evening.
The card Is as follows:
Jack Cordell vs. Jack Krell, Al Snelder
vs. Kid Krell, Hugh Frlel vs. Kid Haley,
Ed Devlin vs. Jack Hopkins. Tom Floss
vs. Jack Duke. Peter Coleman vs. George
Carroll, Dan Regan vs. Billy Kelly. The
main event will be the boat between
Deacon Jones and Ah Wing, a contest of
yellow and black.
YELLOW AJTD BLACK
TO TVTRKT WITH GLOVES
Programme of Boxing Bouts to Bo
Held at the San Francisco
Athletic Club.
The San Francisco Athletic Club will
First race — Princess Tltasia, El Sonoro,
Roundhrad."
Second rac»— Sea- Lion. Donator, Mitten.
Third race— Morinel. Tappan, Whaleback.
Fourth race— Gibraltar, True Blue, John A.
Morris.
Fifth race— Alee, McXamara, Campus.
Sixth race— Our Lizzie. High Hoe, La Maa
cotta. - f • X
Probable Winners.
Flxth race— Blx furlong; four-year-olds and
upward; selling:
(1300)HiKh He Ill 970 Antloch 109
1370 1 Don't Know.. 114 IU>9 Hohenlohe 117
134? Naples 114 1373 Our Lizzie 114
13*2 Mike Rice 1141 13S2 Onyx Ill
1381 Fonsovannah ..Jl« 13SI La Ma*cotta 114
1373 Mldlove 114 | 1373 Sweet Caporal..lll
Fifth race — One mile; three-year-olds and up
ward; 'celling: '
1356 Tom Calvert....lO5 784 Will Fay '. 96
13S0Campu«" 10S 13S8 The Buffoon.. ..100
13?1 Don Luis 105 .... McKamara .... 96
1333 Alee 9C 1388 Duckoy 56
1S54 Meadow Lar)c..lO5 13S8 La Borgia 98
13S2 Mac Flecknoe..l00
Fourth race— Seven furlongs; four-year-oWs
and upward; purse:
<13SJ)EddIe Jones 97] 13S1 First Tenor..... 97
<13K2)C»rdnunir 8<' 1387 Formero 107
13S9 Socialist S4;(1329)True Blue U
.... John A. Morris 97i 1335 Lothian 94
.... Gibraltar 107]
Third race — One and & sixteenth miles; four
vear-olds and upward; selling:
12T+4 Whaleback 107 1336 Jingle J!ngIa....lO7
1372 None Such 107 1356 Dr. Marks 107
1S3S Tappan 107 13S3 Morinel 107
1390 Osmond " '.107 • :
Serond race — One mile: thr«e-year-ol<3s and
upward; Eellins:
13*2 Mitten f>l 1SS0 Plohn 104
1341 Lost Girl 105t(138S)Ostler Joe 108
13S9 Sea Uon 112 13*3 First Call 10S
1291 Imperious 105 1333 Donator 105
13S3 Acrobat 107 (1331)I>r. Bernays 105
.... Misi Pepper 1151 13J5 Mlra Bunny 115
13S4 Missel 105 1333 El Sonoro 115
1300 Photaway .105! 1198 Princ's Tltania-115
.... Thracla 103 1225 Roundhead ....115
1322 Lucera 115
First race — Six furlongs; maiden two-year
old fllUles; gelling:
reserved.)
ock, Formero. Ulloa, Torsina, Florlzar. la be
run Thursday. December 6.
The December Handicap— Purse, $1000; for
three-year-olds and upward; entrance, $5; $15
additional to accept; the club to add an amount
n<-ces!>ary to make the groes value of the rac«
$1000, of which %\IO to second and $73 to third;
weights and acceptances, Wednesday. Decem
ber 12. at 11 a. m. Mile and a furlong: Mon
tcnic, Scotch Plaid, Advance Guard, Opponent,
Lavator. Lemachus, Star Chamber, Specific.
The Lady, Gonfalon, Vulcaln. Bangor, "Wooeter
Voy. Ve*uvlan. Andrisa. Bell Punch. Mulay.
Imperious, Sybarls. Formero. Sea Lion. Greerv
ock. Ulloa, Herculean. St. Slmonlan, Florlzar.
To be run Thursday. December 13.
Following: are to-day's entries:
(Copj-rishted, 1900, by A. W. Martin. All rigrhts
The officers and directors have exerted
every effort In making the fair the largest
and most successful ever held In this val
ley, and It will be of lasting benefit to this
locality. ¦ ¦ .
The Fresno Agricultural Works and
Hanford Implement Company are repre
sented by large exhibits of field and or
chard machinery. The following Tulare
firms and individuals have" spaces as-
Blgned.them for their displays: Llnder
Hardware Company, R. T. McMillan,
Jones & Hadding, A. Young, J. M. Bowles'
Sons, Ingwerson & Flag, \V. Fothergill arid
Julius Forrer of the United States experi
mental station. W. Saunders and the VI
ealla Milling Company represent Visalia.
In the gajlery Mesdames Tuohy, Mont
gomery, Garwood and Shannon and tho
Misses Gill, Reede, Mulhill, Vandevere
and Russell have booths for the display of
embroidery and all kinds of fine needle,
drawn and burnt goods.
Tho display of citrus fruits is the finest
ever seen in this valley and is proof that
Tulare and Fresno counties' orange and
lemon districts are second to none in the
State". The citrus exhibits deserving spe
cial mention are those; of Porterville,
Fresno, Lindsay and Exeter. The Visalia
and Tulare boards of trade have beautiful
displays of dried and canned fruits, nuts
and raisins. From San Francisco Byron
Jackson, the Krogh Manufacturing
Company, Fairbanks, Morse & Co., and
the Oriental Gas Engine Company exhibit
centrifugal pumps, gasoline engines, elec
tric motors, and all Improved water ma
chinery. The Joshua Hendy Machine
Cdmpany and G. G.Wlckson have the la
test patent dairy machinery. Sievers &
Bolan show choice cut flowers, and Sher
man & Clay pianos.
TUL.ARE, Nov. 26.— President Benjamin
Ide Wheeler of the University of Califor
nia formally opened the San Joa
quln Valley Citrus Fair and the
Twenty-fourth Agricultural Exposition
at 8 o'clock this evening. Dr.
Wheeler's elegant address was heartily
applauded by tho great crowd which filled
every nook and corner of the immense
buiding. Those present on the decorated
stage were President J. O. Tuohy of the
Fair Association; Secretary A. E. Miot;
Treasurer" E. Lathrop; Directors A. J.
Pillsbury, A. J. Berry, J. M. Daggs, P. J.
S. Montgomery, Charles King, A. Young,
W. F. Ingwerson and V. .D. Knupp, and
the several committees and the High
School teachers. A fine musical pro
gramme was rendered by the Fresno mili
tary band, directed by G. Falkensteln...
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Dr. Benjamin Ide Wheeler
Delivers an Eloquent
Address.
TULARE'S CITRUS
FAIR IS OPENED
Time — 3-16, :1SH: 5-16, :43: 5Hf. 1:09. Good start except Galanthus. Won first three driving
"Winner, J. F. Schorr's b. c. by imp. Newcoi:rt-Malada. Daneerfield is near a Rood one*.
Galanthus not straight when barrier went up. Scotch P.elle stepped merrily for a few
prnels. Scallywag correctly named.' Scratched— Loneliness 101.
At this evenins's Dractlce the public
were admitted to the side lines for the
last time. The next tv.o days will be de
voted to signal practice in secret. In the
fifteen minute scrimmage which; took
place the second team with big Gregory
at center was able to score on the Varsity
by u series of smashing plays. The big
eleven stubbornly resisted the onslaughts,
but were unable to stop the steady gains
made by the "scrubs." ¦ The fight between
Smith and Erb for right half is the sharp
est on the field, with the chances slightly
In favor of the latter on account of his
ability in backing up the line. Stanford
took Luck's place at left end this evening:
and may yet win out. He Is fast, heady
and a sure tackier, but new at the posi
tion. McFadden will cccupy the other
end at the first kick off. The other posi
tions on the team were filled as usual.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., Nov.
26.— The Varsity football squad completed
Its last hard work of the season this
evening and is now ready for the big con
test with the blue and gold Thursday.
The work of the day commenced with sig
nal practice at 10:30 this morning. Quar
terback Haltt was strain In his position
after an absence of twelve days. While
he Is not as sure at passing as when he
left, he will be thoroughly fitted into the
mechanism of the team in the next two
days. Coach Yost has the assistance of
a host of alumni coaches who have
flocked back to the campus to aid In the
difficult task of putting on the polishing
touches. Among them are Code, Down
ing, Frankenhelmer. Fickert, Murphy,
Reynolds and Lewers. Each of the ex-
Varsity stars acts as a special coach for
the man who occupies the position he
formerly played, f
Eleven Flays Smashing
Ball. '
STAUFOED'S TEAM IS
IN PERFECT SHAPE
Raitt Occupies His Position and the
13U5. BIXTH RACE— Five and a half furlonga; Belling; Hwo-year-olds; pursS, J350.
J.udglng from the jubilant attitude of
the men on the inside. California's pros
pects are far from blue.
The work of the backs justified Kelly's
statement to the men before the game:
"California has as tine a back field as any
team in the country." This relieves tho
Berkeley men of a great load of anxiety,
for the Stanford offensive has been con
sidered far superior to anything the btQe
and gold could produce. Smith and Gam
mon seem to be a trifle- over trained, but
the coaches have promised to bring them
both out in good condition.
The eleven lined up as it will on Thurs
day with tho exception of Pringle, who la
still guarding: his knee jealously, and
Hudson, who is nursing a wrenched arm.
In the practice the team played in splen
did style, going at tbe game with a vim
and working together In perfect unison.
The line tore up tremendous holes in the
opposing secona eleven and let Gammon,
Duden and Smith through for long gains.
Plunkett, the crack veteran guard, played
that position on the second eleven oppo
site Overall. The comparison between the
play of the two giant linemen was not un
favorable to the work of the big fresh
man novice. He is considered to be play
ing a star game considering his greenness
at the position.
BERKELEY, Nov. 26.-The last open
practice of the California University team
took place this afternoon. Light practice
will be indulged in on Tuesday and signal
work on Wednesday.
Closing Practice at Berkeley
and Palo Alto Fast
and Snappy.
BOTH ELEVENS
ARE SANGUINE
Regular Midweek Event and
a £p3cial on' 1 Thanks
giving Day.
» — ~.
Two complete stakes, and big ones at
that, will be run this week at Union
Coursing Park. The Wednesday reserve
is of the usual midweek quality, but the
Thanksgiving day stake contains a num
ber of the finest dogs now running.
The draws are as follows:
Wednesday, reserve stake. 64 ¦ entries— E. II.
Kellogg' s Ben's Babe vs. Sterl & Knowles"
(5lita; J. H. Perigo's Lady Davenport vs. L.
F. Bartels' Best Bargain; Chlartni Brothers'
Santonin vs. Kay Brothers' Hawker: J. Kee
nan's Lady Sears vs. Captain Cane's Miss Pen
man; P. IViyle'B Liberator vs. Curtis & Sons'
Cash; It. K. de B. Lopez's Dairy Maid vs. S.
E. Portal's Cannon Ball; E. M. Kellogg's Iowa
Maid vs. \%\ Green's Virginia Girl; J. Byrnes'
Olympus vs. Sterl & Knowles' Sleety Mist;
T. J. Crunln's Vixen vs. R. K. de B. Lopez's
Minnie Wa Wa; J. Maher's Cotton Ball vs.
H. Lynch's Lilac; Chlarini Brothers' Palmyra
vs. Captain Cane's Victor Queen; Maher &
Reid's Xeliy Bawn vs. B. Kllva's Ueannex;
J. J. Warren's Willie Warren vs. William
Jones' Montana Jack; L. F. lia'rtels" Betsy Bar
row vs. Pa?ha Kennels' Reaching Airs; P. J.
Rellly's Peter West vs. J. Dean's Slsquoc; O.
Zahl's Toney Bowers vs. I* O. Hodgkin's I'alm
Flower; II. H. Gray's Bannockburn vs. J. J.
Warren's Wild Weather; Russell & Allen's
Faithful Lad vs. J. J. Keenan's Dreadnaught;
F. .A. McComb'a Bona Fide vs. J. Kennedy's
Ever Sure; H. Lynch's Clalbourne vs. Mc-
Carthy & Vlnal's Bright Eyes; F. A. Mc-
Comb's Sir Pasha vs. Pasha Kennels' Rest As
sured; Ki ski tie & Jones' I^a vender vs. D. Hlor
dan's Molly K; Curtis & Sons' McKlnley vs.
K. E. de B. Lopez's Werlbee; J. Dean's Wau
taugh vs. H. Lynch's Llnton; Captain Cone's
Mafitci; Davenport vs. J. J. Kenney's Hot
I!aate; fiterl & Knowles' For Glory vs. J. J.
Edmonds' Uo On; Russell & Allen's Belle Clair
vs. E. Geary's Bonnie Pasha; P. J. Rellly's
Royal Union vs. P. J. Rellly's The Grafter;
Pasha Kennels' Gold Nugget vs. J. L O'Brien's
Statesman; D. J. Healey's Nlcaslo vs. II.
Lynch's Lyddite; J. McKnroe's Admiral Samp
son vs. J. Ilolden's Scottish Chief; S. P. Whit
ing's St. Anthony vs. H. H. Garner's Uncle
Ned.
Thursday special stake, B4 entries — E. M.
Kellogg's Iowa Boy vs. Curtis & Sons' War
path; A. Johnson's Tod Sloan vs. Captuin
Clarkson's Flower of Gold; Erwin & Lyons'
Silver L»yon vs. George Sharman's Miss Sky
rocket; Sterl & Knowles' Rusty Gold vs. E.
Baumeister's AVlnnlng Ways; T. J."' Cronln's
Wild Tralee vs. James Dean's Gallant; J.
Trade's Old Glory vs. II. H. Walker's Cora
Pearl; Sterl & Knowles' O'Hara vs. Russell
& Allen's Scotland Yet; H. A. Deckeltnan's
Flyaway vs.- P. J. Rellly's Moonbright; Curtis
& Son's Rosinante vs. J. I. O'Brien's Wander
ing Tom; J. H. McNeil's Pearl Mac vs. T. J.
Cronln's Vandal; F. A. McComb's Royal Fash
ion vs. A. Johnson's Lowlander; T. G. Joiner's
Frisco Boy vs. J. H. Perigo's Controller; Pafha
Kennels' May Hempstead vs. J. J. Keenan's
Sleigh Bells; J. McNeil's Kd McGarrity vs. P.
J. Rellly's Warship; Pasha Kennels' Reckless
Archer vs. M. B. Kavanagh's Hard Lines; G.
Lennon's Sir Crawford vs. W. Green's Bogus
Bill; J. I. O'Brien's Pasha Queen vs. Pasha
Kennels' Kisky Attempt; J. J. Keenan's lone
vs. George Sharman's The Doctor; J. Mur
nanB's Wild Wave vs. L. F. Bartels' Beer
Brewer; Russell & Allen's Lord Arford vs.
Pasha Kennels' lleve d' Amour; J. Holden's
Watchword vs. Connell Brothers' White Hat;
D. J. Healey's Tapioca vs. Connell Brothers"
St, Helen; R. B. de B. Lopez's Favorite vs.
H. H. Gray's Terronette; C. Sonar's Wild
Norah vs. P. Jackson's Honor Bright: Chlarini
Brothers' Brass Button vs. F. A. McComb's
Patriot; P. McCabe's Boney Boy vs. II. H.
Gray's Commander; R. L. Taylor's Beauty
Spot vs. George Sharman's Bonaparte; Larkey
& Rock's Lady's Choice vs. A. Burke's Night
Time; J. J. Edmonds' Morning Glory vs. T.
A. Gaffney's False Flatterer; T. J. Cronin's
Daisy Dale v». Curtis & Sons 1 Kibosh: F.
Mack s Delia M vs. C. O. Peterson's Silver
Cloud; A. Becker's Kanaka vs. Captain Clark
son s Golden Garter.
HOLIDAY STAKES
AT UNION PARK
buncle won. First Whip second, Alslke third.
Time, 2:07.
CINCINNATI. Nov. 26.— Four favorites
won for the talent to-day at Newport
over a sloppy track. Summary:
Five furlonRB— Emprejp of Deauty won, Kaby
lee second. Dynasty third. Time, 1:07%.
Mile and a sixteenth, sellin?— Prettle. Rosle
won. Nearest second, Tickful third. Time,
1:J7H.
Six furlongs, selling— Avatar won, Lady Kent
second, loiterer third. Time, 1:3%-
One mile, selling— Utern won. Baffled second,
Louisville Belle third. Time. 1:49.
Five and a half furlonss, selling — The Cove
nnnter won, Lenox second. May Cherry third.
Time; 1:12.
Six furlongs, selling— Nancy Till- won, Tom,
Collins second, Harry Thoburn third. Time,
1:20%.; . :
Time— 3-lfi. :1S: 5-16. :3nVj: 9-16. :r.S; 11-16. l:f*%; mile. 1ATM; lm 70 yards. 1:47%. Good Etart
except Kereulean. Won easily. Second and third easily. Winner. S. Ci Hildreth's cil.
p. by imp. Watercrers-Racemede. AVooster Hoy won without removing his dress suit. The
Lady was offended at his speed. Gold Or a sprinter. Herculean wast left. Scratched—Gon
fa'.nn 115. Eddie Jones 120. •Bolted.
13!Kl. FOURTH RACE— One mile ami seventy yards; three-year-olds and upward; puree, $300,
large number of ladles, many of them ele
gantly attired and accompanied by es
corts and all enjoyed the fun of the even
injr as much as if they were at a three
ring circus. A feature of the hospitality
of the hosts was the distribution to the
audience of two barrels of roasted pea
nuts ami fifty frallona o f lemonade. There
were clowns by the dozen— members of the
parlor who acted with a naturalness that
was most remarkable. "When they were
not in the 'ring they were kept out of mis
chief by being detailed by the committee
to distribute the peanuts and refresh
ments.
The prand entree was made up of a
cavalcade of men and women mounted
on steeds, each his or her own steed. The
Roman army was composed of F. E. Bert,
John W. Lewis, Joe Greenberp. J. G. Cox.
Jav T. Nash. II. Hamman, B. P.
Lapachet. G. II. Howland, H. Van Val
kenberg. A. Wilkie and Martinstein. and
was led by Julius S«*lzer In the person of
A. F. Schleichrr, and such Romans is
they were. Then followed an aggregation
of animals such as has never been seen
outside of that circus ring.
The programme opened wfth wrestling
bouts between J. Splro and G. A. Hinslley.
and F. P. Bayly and W. F. King, followed
by boxing contests bv M. J. Breen and
"Babe" Sherry, and \V. J. Leonard and
D. Carroll of local f. thletie fa mo. The
drill of the Roman armv was picturesque,
and a reproduction of the attempted as
sassination of Bussyrl'Ainboiso v.-as a goo]
exhibition of fencing by I... Tronchet and
K. rfndO. Kehrlin. Mile. Devor'on appeared
in the ring with two magnificent trick
ponies, which were let down to the ban
quet hall by the elevator, and gave an
Interesting exhibition of horsemanship
and of tricks by the animals. A burlesque
donkoy act with a live donkey followed.
The sreat event was a parodv on bare
back ridinp by Billy Smith, personating
Miss Smithereens. That was a very
amusing travesty which brought down
the house. The proKramme closed with
a concert and side shows, in which Mi.-ts
Anna Shean, George Hammersmith, the
Montgomery Sisters. A. Roncovleri, Little
Harrold, H. H. Walton and McMahon and
Gleason took part.
A FEW NATIVE SONS WHO CONTRIBUTED TO THE ENJOYMENT OF
. STANFORD PARLOR'S CIRCUS MAXIMUS. AND THE MANNER IN
WHICH THEY CONTRIBUTED.
The yearlings? of A. B. Spreckels' Napa
Ftock farm will be so'.d at the Occidental
Iforee Exchange, 721 Howard street, to
ripht. Canace, Sevens, Pompino and other
fast on^s came from this widely known
breeding; establishment. A batch of choice
yearMners from Sonoma stock farm ¦will
also lie led Into the sales ring.
Kiley, who had the mount on Herculean,
was lined $25 by Starter Dwyer for not
getting away with his field. The Judges
made it $10 more because he made no ef
fort to follow the other starters. Gold
Or stopped badly, and if Kiley had per
tovered lie might have finished third.
Willie Ar>piegale cut in under the name
of the Anaconda Club.
P. llyan disposed of Osmond to Green
Ti. Morels, and Werthejm he let "Boots"
Durnell have 3t a fair figure.
Jack Atkin concluded to take a rest
from booking. There were eighteen others
left
Charies Clark, eon of the Montana mil
lionaire and a great admirer of the horse,
mingled with the crowd in the ring.
Coburn did some very good saddle work,
reacting the wire first on Rolling Boer,
Wooster Boy and Mazello.
Following are the entries for the three
ppf-cial handicaps to be run at the coming
Oakland meeting:
Ttie Monday Handicap— Puree. JSOO: for two
ifnx--oliis and upward; entrance. $5; J10 addi
tional to accept; the club to add an amount
rc-oM-sary to make the gross value of the race
J BQ, of which $I'jO to second and $50 to third;
rntrtf cloee Thursday. November 2?; weights
to b* announci FYiday. November 30; winners
o: other than a selling purse after the -weights
are announced to carry nve pounds extra. Mile
ard a sixteenth: Diderot. Mortgage. Scotch
Plaid, Rolling Boer, Advance Guard, Tyr,
Gi.;dnre. Star Chamber, Lamachus, Specific,
Gonfalon, Vulcain, IIar.tr. r. Wooeter Boy,
OoJdtn Af e. VeFUvian. Andrlsa, Malay. ' Sy
!>rris, S*a Lion, Greenock, Formero, Rio Chlco,
f'.lna. Ft. Pimonian, Florizar. To be run Mon
day. December 3.
Thr Phacta Water Handicap— Purse. $?00; fr>r
two-j'ear-oldr and uprrard: entrance, J3; $10
a'.diticnal to accept; the club to add an amount
|tr-oes«unr to make the Ifrosn value of the race
$?¦'</. of which 1100 to second and $50 to third;
<•!. tries close Thursday. November 22: weights
end acceptances, Wednesday. December 5, at
11 a, m. ; winners of other than a selling? purse
eftor weights axe announced to carry nve
pounds extra. One mile: Diderot. Ol'.nthua,
Mr rutajr". Scotch Plaid, Rolling Boer. Advance
Guard. Tyr. Prejudice. King Carnival. La
n.ich'js. Ppec'.nc. Gonfalon. Vulcain. Bangor.
"VVo<->frer IJoy; CJcJflen Are. Vesuvian. Andrlsa.
Ker.ilworth. <Jold Or. I'arda. Orand Sachem,
Mslay. Sybar 1 .?. Pt. Cuthhert, Sea Lion. Gieen-
Track Notes.
INSTEAD of beinsr confronted with a
muddy track at Tanforan Park yes
terday, tho students of form were
surprised to seo a course that
looked as if five hundred laborer-*
mipht have been employed i<> hold um
brellas over it. The traces of Sundays
rainfall were scarcely perceptible, am!
though the track was not fast, it could
be termed pood. Although several piping
hot ones right off the coals were served
tp favorites more than held their own by
capturing four of the Fix events run off.
If "Billy" Cahill has not a stake colt
In. Rolling- Boer, he possesses a two-year-
Old that answers all the requirements of
one. Picking up 125 pounds in the third
number, the little bay won, pricking his
ears, from Bedeck and Bab. I-Cenilworth
eJao started, but was hustled off at such
a ding-dong clip by Nash Turner that
h<? was all out lor.g before the wire was
reached.
The complexion of one race did not suit
the officials. It was the mile and seventy
yard run, with only four starters, for
which Wooster Boy was almost backed
off the boards. Hildreth's horse made a
runaway affair of it, with The Lady sec
ond acii <iold Or tnird. Herculean w;is
practically left. The judges were not sat
isfied with i he efforts of Bereen, who
piloted 'The Lady, and suspended that
rider pendinp further Mivestigration.
Pete liomigh's mare. High Hoe, upset
mattr-rs at the very commencement, tak
ing the first event in a driving linish from
Osmond and Plohn. Mocorito. tho favor
ite, made the running until well into the
etretoh. when she gave it up.
80 open did the peven-furlong selling
event look that a fair price was obtain
able apainst any one of the ten starters.
At first old Salvation, on the shelf for
over two years, was installed favorite, but
his warming up trial, which was not flat
tering, sent the odds back. Then came
a rush to pet aboard Dr. Bernays, making
the gelding post choice. A wise selection
to be sure, for the Doctor galloped circles
around the bunch after celling: none the
hotter of the start and won with consid
erable to spare. Imperious, the pace
maker, took th« place from Moringa.
A shabby genteel looking array of
plafrs furnished some hard guessing in
the second edition of the seven-furlong
run. It resulted in Maxello. a 4 to 1 shot
with Coburn up. coming in first, ahead of
E!pht Dollars and Meadow Lark. E?pi
rando was plunged, on in the early betting
and did show in the lead for half a block.
Ijou Rey. another extensively played one,
had a tortuous trip.
J. Miller astr!de Dangerfield. the Schocr
entry, pathpred thp last purse. The colt
always ruled favorite, and alter getting ,
away from the post tenth collared Nellie
Korri'st in the ttretch and •won in a mild
crive. David § ran into the show.
By F. B. MULHOLLAND.
THE CALL'S CHART.
RACmG_FORM
TANFOHAN PARK. MONDAY. NOVEMBER If!. 1W.— Weather fine. Track good
Woofer Boy Runs Away From The Lady— Judges Do Not
Fancy Bergen's Ride — High Hoe First at 10 to 1.
Coburn in Form.
ROLLING BOER SCORES HIS
FOURTH CONSECUTIVE WIN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 27, 1900.
THE circus maximus given by
Stanford Parlor of the Native
Sons of the Golden West for the
entertainment of its friends is a
thing of the past, but the features
of the event will be long and pleasantly
remembered by 700 persons, the majority
of them ladies, who filled the banquet hall
of the Native Sons' building last night.
The center of the hall had been laid out
as a sawdust ring- and tiers of seats bu!lt
on three sides. These were filled with a
Peanuts, by the Barrel and Lemonade by the Gallon Distrib
uted—Drill by the Wonderful Roman Army.
STANFORD'S CIRCUS MAXIMUS
AN EVENING OF GREAT FUN
Ttme-l-10, :06*4: 7-16, :43i.i; 9-1C, :56V4 : W, U2\K Good Ftart. Won first three driving.
\\lnn?r. O. P. Iiomlgh's b. m. by Himyar-Junet. Mocorito runs better when brought
from behind. l>oublet and Plohn trimmed her. Gr*at Hend finished fourth and mipht have
won If away letter. Doublet irt nwd of a vocation. Winner liked the track. Scratched —
Sir Kingston 97. Jingle Jin^lo 104. MrNasnara 95.
4
ll
In.
U
O
U
[13
1"
l'lt-s
EM
•"7*
sa
3S0
."74
x | Horse, Age.
|Hich Hoe. !
jOemond, 4.
|Hohn.'3....
> iMocorito, 5
lOllr.thus, 4.
<3uuntl*t. 4.
Great Uend.
[Doublet, 3.
E
5.
L.
1.
"..
\Y<
ttBht.r
...103
...100
...101
...102
....no
....it;r|
...mi
.V.TJll
!Po.i
iPst St.
"T~
3 o
2 | 6
as
! im
3 1 3 1
7 >4 6 1
4 l s 4 h
1 H ll
5 h 7 H
8 8
6 2 5 2
2 12 h
Rtr.
2 n
3 h
1 n
4 1
i 7 >i
5 h
6 1
«'
Fin.
1 h
2 1
3 h
4 h
5 >i
6 1
7 3
S
< I*
I Jockeys.
Enos
Weddcrst'd
J. Walsh....
t'ohum
Mounce
McDonald ..
il>omlnick ...
[J. Paly....f
\, Uetting »
Op. HI. CI. VI.
8 12 10 3
12 30 20 8
4 6 6 2
7-5 3-2 13-10 1-2
10 12 12 5
7 15 12 5
2 13-5 5-2 1
12 40 30 15
I
j
I
I
i
i
I
;
|Po.|
[ndex ; Hors<>. Age, TVeight.
12S0 jr>r. Bernays 8. ..104 6 3
1356 (Imperious, o. 1C5 6 6.
136S iMoringa, 5 jni 9 g
meg cyrfl. 5 10a! 4 j 4
13CC Wyoming:, a. 1«W 2 | 2
1268 Montallade. a 1(M| 8 I 5
1SS3 Tirade, 4 1121 3 t 9
1SS1 Don Luis, 5 lto! 10 ! 7
.... !Jlm McQeevy, 4.1071 1 I 1
[Salvation, a 111! 7 ilO
5 2
12
I?
6 t
3 ij
4 ll
5 Vi
l't
95
*<i. Btr.
11 in
5 2 3 h
2 4 54
3 h 4 H
4 h Cl
•> >„ 7 3
'. I S 4
10 ;i 1
9 8 10
Fin.
1 1
2 3 .
31 <
4 : I
5 1 I
« 1 !:
7 3 I
<! ;. i
9 1 ,
10 1.
Joclioj-e.
DominlcK ...
J. Woods...
Coburn
iKilcy
IWeddPrstM
iMounce
\K. J,<nes....
Rantch ....:!
!J. Martin...'
iMcIXnnl.l ..]
' OP-
3
6 '
8
5
4
5
J {20
I 15
! 5-2
- Bottinp »
Hi. Cl. PL
3 12-5 1
' S 6 E-2
10 10 4
S 8 3
7 « 6-2
12 12 *
7 7 2
$0 50 2i)
30 30 12
Index I Horse and We!
1*1
9
ip
H.
.%•
Str.
• Fin
l. Jockoys.
' Op.
- HettinR
Hi. Cl.
PI*
C222) Rollins Boer...
1067 Redeck
(i3TS) Bab
Kenllworth
1331 Cougar
991 iRavellinp
.IIS
.l'v
.12.-.
.183
JOS
l
I
I
t
5
1
2
4
3
5
•i
4 4
2 h
5 h
3 2
1 h
6
3 n
2 I
5 3
1 h
4 2
6
3 2
1 n
4 2
2 n
5 3
C
1 n
23
3 4
4 3
5 ID
6
jCoburn
IWed'lerst'd
|J. Miller....
V. Turner..
> [Ransch
• iFarm
. 4-5 •
6
5
. 5-2
SO
. 100
¦ 4-5 7-10
6 6
7 6
5 5
2"0 100
¦300 300
1-4
1
s-t
3-2
60
100
Index I Horse, j
Age.
Weight.;
!Po.|
•PstjSt.
U.
%• Etr.
Fin.
I Jockeys.
I
I Op.
— Dettlns 1
HI. 01. PJ.
1
i:33 iMaxcllo,
137G lEijrht T
ISIS ! Meadow
1247 Lou Re
1341 Whaleb;
1378 Chas. L
1132 Esplran«
1372 Ix* Mec
1336 Melkart:
11G7 IRaoery.
23? IVishun.
). 5 .
Dollar
v La r
ey. 5.
ack. 4
> Be:
ido, 5
<3an"s.
th. 5
, 4 ..
, a ..
irs''
m, <..io7|
rk, a.liiTi
-..iod
4 1091
>1. 6.. 1041
» ....109:
!. 4... 112
l»
103J
1121
! r. ! 6
(713
4 S
I 6 -3
' 3 I 2
I
8 ilO
I 10 hi
3 h
S 4 2 4
6 2
5 n
6 h
l'l
7 1
92
10 8
11
1 h 1 U
1 2 H 2 1
6 >i 3 U
4 1 4 1"
5 h 5 2
7 3 7 3
3 1 C:
9 5 M
S 2 9 3
10 10 10 10
11 11
1 1-
2 1
4 3
5 6
c s
8 1
9 3
10 15
11
ju
'Coburn
IF. Kelly...
IJ. Wopdj.—'.
iKarrell .....
(Fallehy ..,.,
[Ransch ....
Henne«?y ...
(Alexander .
Gray
IMartIn
iKlley
-I-
j
10
6
5
2
30
4
30
10
10
10
4 4 8-E
10 10 4
s s :
6 6 :
16-5 3 6-J
50 50 2(
8 5 i
30 SO 1C
30 30 1C
20 20 $
100 loo 4>:
Index !HorFe and Weight..
(1363) iDangrerfielii 10«!
13G5 'Nellie Forest 101
O361) IDavid S 105
13T1 'Galanthus 101
I Downhearted ....Ml
(1325) Modder 103
1363 llrate 101)
1U<6 [Scotch Belle 1031
1331 Scallywag 105
1301 Qulbo 1MI
1S7S 'Merlda 101!
IPo.l
PstjSt.
!~e"iio~
10 3
8 7
5 11
4 9
a 6
in 3 i 5
I 7 2
| 2 8
%. H- Btr. Pin.,
3 h 2 I 2 2 Hi
5111 1H 28
83 62 32 31
11 11 8 1' 4 1
7h Wl 6h Bl
4 h 8 1 9 6 2
.9 1 6 H 7 1 7
11 3 1 6 V, 8
2 h 4 h 4 h 9
io i 7 Vt io 10
6 1 9 1 11 11
i , — ; Betting —
| Jockeys. I Op. ' Hi. Cl.
!J. Miller..... 7-5 2^ 2~
(Domlnlck ... ¦ 8 • 10 . 10
ITullett 3 8 . 7
IWeddersfd 8' 10 : • 10
.1. T. Woods 20' 50* 50
Mounce 6 -8 8
Coburn 20 30 30
Kr.os 10-60 40
J. Walsb.... 3.4 4
J. Martin.... 15' 60 40
Buchanan ¦• . 8 20 15
PI?
4-5
4
3
4
23
3
10
20
2
20
Index
13*7
13S7 "
I
Hoire, Age,
Wcoster B<
The Lrfidy.
Gold Or 3..
Hercnlean,
, We
:oy .'
3....
2 *". .
S..V
....1
...1
..'..I'
it.
in?'
112
lln'
Po.
Pot St.
; 3 i
' 2 3
i 1 *
1 2
3
2 n
1 3
3
£ n
Str.
1 6
2 10
3
Fin.
1 3
2 12
3
I Jockeys.
Coburn
Benson
WedtlerstM
Kfiey
Op-
i
. 5-2
I 12
• 6
- Betting s
III. Cl. Pi.
16-5 16-5 2-5
40 SO lfl
12 12 3-2
8
ll
In.
U
O
U
[13
1"
l'lt-s
EM
•"7*
sa
3S0
."74
x | Horse, Age.
|Hich Hoe. !
jOemond, 4.
|Hohn.'3....
> iMocorito, 5
lOllr.thus, 4.
<3uuntl*t. 4.
Great Uend.
[Doublet, 3.
E
5.
L.
1.
"..
\Y<
ttBht.r
...103
...100
...101
...102
....no
....it;r|
...mi
.V.TJll
!Po.i
iPst St.
"T~
3 o
2 | 6
as
! im
3 1 3 1
7 >4 6 1
4 l s 4 h
1 H ll
5 h 7 H
8 8
6 2 5 2
2 12 h
Rtr.
2 n
3 h
1 n
4 1
i 7 >i
5 h
6 1
«'
Fin.
1 h
2 1
3 h
4 h
5 >i
6 1
7 3
S
< I*
I Jockeys.
Enos
Weddcrst'd
J. Walsh....
t'ohum
Mounce
McDonald ..
il>omlnick ...
[J. Paly....f
\, Uetting »
Op. HI. CI. VI.
8 12 10 3
12 30 20 8
4 6 6 2
7-5 3-2 13-10 1-2
10 12 12 5
7 15 12 5
2 13-5 5-2 1
12 40 30 15
I
j
I
I
i
i
I
;
|Po.|
[ndex ; Hors<>. Age, TVeight.
12S0 jr>r. Bernays 8. ..104 6 3
1356 (Imperious, o. 1C5 6 6.
136S iMoringa, 5 jni 9 g
meg cyrfl. 5 10a! 4 j 4
13CC Wyoming:, a. 1«W 2 | 2
1268 Montallade. a 1(M| 8 I 5
1SS3 Tirade, 4 1121 3 t 9
1SS1 Don Luis, 5 lto! 10 ! 7
.... !Jlm McQeevy, 4.1071 1 I 1
[Salvation, a 111! 7 ilO
5 2
12
I?
6 t
3 ij
4 ll
5 Vi
l't
95
*<i. Btr.
11 in
5 2 3 h
2 4 54
3 h 4 H
4 h Cl
•> >„ 7 3
'. I S 4
10 ;i 1
9 8 10
Fin.
1 1
2 3 .
31 <
4 : I
5 1 I
« 1 !:
7 3 I
<! ;. i
9 1 ,
10 1.
Joclioj-e.
DominlcK ...
J. Woods...
Coburn
iKilcy
IWeddPrstM
iMounce
\K. J,<nes....
Rantch ....:!
!J. Martin...'
iMcIXnnl.l ..]
' OP-
3
6 '
8
5
4
5
J {20
I 15
! 5-2
- Bottinp »
Hi. Cl. PL
3 12-5 1
' S 6 E-2
10 10 4
S 8 3
7 « 6-2
12 12 *
7 7 2
$0 50 2i)
30 30 12
Index I Horse and We!
1*1
9
ip
H.
.%•
Str.
• Fin
l. Jockoys.
' Op.
- HettinR
Hi. Cl.
PI*
C222) Rollins Boer...
1067 Redeck
(i3TS) Bab
Kenllworth
1331 Cougar
991 iRavellinp
.IIS
.l'v
.12.-.
.183
JOS
l
I
I
t
5
1
2
4
3
5
•i
4 4
2 h
5 h
3 2
1 h
6
3 n
2 I
5 3
1 h
4 2
6
3 2
1 n
4 2
2 n
5 3
C
1 n
23
3 4
4 3
5 ID
6
jCoburn
IWed'lerst'd
|J. Miller....
V. Turner..
> [Ransch
• iFarm
. 4-5 •
6
5
. 5-2
SO
. 100
¦ 4-5 7-10
6 6
7 6
5 5
2"0 100
¦300 300
1-4
1
s-t
3-2
60
100
Index I Horse, j
Age.
Weight.;
!Po.|
•PstjSt.
U.
%• Etr.
Fin.
I Jockeys.
I
I Op.
— Dettlns 1
HI. 01. PJ.
1
i:33 iMaxcllo,
137G lEijrht T
ISIS ! Meadow
1247 Lou Re
1341 Whaleb;
1378 Chas. L
1132 Esplran«
1372 Ix* Mec
1336 Melkart:
11G7 IRaoery.
23? IVishun.
). 5 .
Dollar
v La r
ey. 5.
ack. 4
> Be:
ido, 5
<3an"s.
th. 5
, 4 ..
, a ..
irs''
m, <..io7|
rk, a.liiTi
-..iod
4 1091
>1. 6.. 1041
» ....109:
!. 4... 112
l»
103J
1121
! r. ! 6
(713
4 S
I 6 -3
' 3 I 2
I
8 ilO
I 10 hi
3 h
S 4 2 4
6 2
5 n
6 h
l'l
7 1
92
10 8
11
1 h 1 U
1 2 H 2 1
6 >i 3 U
4 1 4 1"
5 h 5 2
7 3 7 3
3 1 C:
9 5 M
S 2 9 3
10 10 10 10
11 11
1 1-
2 1
4 3
5 6
c s
8 1
9 3
10 15
11
ju
'Coburn
IF. Kelly...
IJ. Wopdj.—'.
iKarrell .....
(Fallehy ..,.,
[Ransch ....
Henne«?y ...
(Alexander .
Gray
IMartIn
iKlley
-I-
j
10
6
5
2
30
4
30
10
10
10
4 4 8-E
10 10 4
s s :
6 6 :
16-5 3 6-J
50 50 2(
8 5 i
30 SO 1C
30 30 1C
20 20 $
100 loo 4>:
Index !HorFe and Weight..
(1363) iDangrerfielii 10«!
13G5 'Nellie Forest 101
O361) IDavid S 105
13T1 'Galanthus 101
I Downhearted ....Ml
(1325) Modder 103
1363 llrate 101)
1U<6 [Scotch Belle 1031
1331 Scallywag 105
1301 Qulbo 1MI
1S7S 'Merlda 101!
IPo.l
PstjSt.
!~e"iio~
10 3
8 7
5 11
4 9
a 6
in 3 i 5
I 7 2
| 2 8
%. H- Btr. Pin.,
3 h 2 I 2 2 Hi
5111 1H 28
83 62 32 31
11 11 8 1' 4 1
7h Wl 6h Bl
4 h 8 1 9 6 2
.9 1 6 H 7 1 7
11 3 1 6 V, 8
2 h 4 h 4 h 9
io i 7 Vt io 10
6 1 9 1 11 11
i , — ; Betting —
| Jockeys. I Op. ' Hi. Cl.
!J. Miller..... 7-5 2^ 2~
(Domlnlck ... ¦ 8 • 10 . 10
ITullett 3 8 . 7
IWeddersfd 8' 10 : • 10
.1. T. Woods 20' 50* 50
Mounce 6 -8 8
Coburn 20 30 30
Kr.os 10-60 40
J. Walsb.... 3.4 4
J. Martin.... 15' 60 40
Buchanan ¦• . 8 20 15
PI?
4-5
4
3
4
23
3
10
20
2
20
Index
13*7
13S7 "
I
Hoire, Age,
Wcoster B<
The Lrfidy.
Gold Or 3..
Hercnlean,
, We
:oy .'
3....
2 *". .
S..V
....1
...1
..'..I'
it.
in?'
112
lln'
Po.
Pot St.
; 3 i
' 2 3
i 1 *
1 2
3
2 n
1 3
3
£ n
Str.
1 6
2 10
3
Fin.
1 3
2 12
3
I Jockeys.
Coburn
Benson
WedtlerstM
Kfiey
Op-
i
. 5-2
I 12
• 6
- Betting s
III. Cl. Pi.
16-5 16-5 2-5
40 SO lfl
12 12 3-2
8
Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Medical
Adviser is sent free on receipt of 21 one-
cent stamps to pay expense of mailing
tmly.' Address Dr. K. V. Pierce, But-
bio, N. Y.
" I xva* troubled for three years with ulcera-
tion and female weaknefis and my doctor gave
xre but little relief, " writes Mrs. Lulu Huuter,
of Allentoa, St. Louis Co., Mo. "I saw an
advertisement in the paper of Doctor Fierce'*
Favorite Prescription. I began the use of it
about a year ago. I toot fiyc bottles of it, and
one bottle of ' Golden Medical Discovery,' and
my health is better now than it was for years.
I have tlso recommended these medicines to
some of ray friends, who suffered from female
» clL:icss. and good results have followed."
ROSEBURG, Or.. Nov. 25,-Early thif morn-
In* John Harrison, who lives at Baker City
Or., while trying to board a Southern Pacific
fretght train, was thrown under the cars and
killed.
APVUfctTlS K ftTFnJTS.
I Extraordinary |
\ Bargain! j
|J, O'BRIEN &GOJ
I Will Place on Sale This Day \
% 100 LADIES' TAILOR- %
;| MADE JACKETS, in %
J Elack, Brown and Gray, %
? value for $10, will be ±
t sold at ±
J, O'BRIEN 4C0.h
i 1146 Market Street. ~
J. * — •
o-i-i-i .i-i-i-s- 4- 4"i->-i"i"i"i"K-x-:":-:-i-»
I^ISifY »S HEALTHFUL^
? 6H a Miaaral Watar
? Bgg » Jth rr.stilclnal qtiatltlas. O
o /^ Tor Indigestion anil |
? /4^p4 Ston3oh DLsardars. o
o ||y|| So-called VI C HY |
J^^^S IN SIPHONS £
! 5K: rj5f vjchy!
? &iS0S> Cet the Genulna *
° &^>^-^ lU^Ldl * I
o a. V1CNIER, Distributing AgrentJ
? ©?©?©?O#O^0*O*w-*O*O»O*0'*0»
¦W« will pay (S3 to any on« -who cannot N»
cured with one box ol VERUS PILE: CURE.
Price $2.
Over ECCO cores. No claimant for r«ward.
"I am .cure my caie of piles was as bad a.i
any case could be. I had them fifteen yean
and tried all sort* of remedies. I saw tha
Verus Pile Cure advertised, bought a box. with
little hope o* a cure. Ima>cin» my surprise
when five applications cured me. It- Is tha
best In the world. J. MORRISON*.
"Salt Lake City. Utah."
VERUS PILE CURE CO., Em 226. V/Usoa Bloci
Or Ellington Drug Co.. Agents. Los Angeles.
Cal. »
ONE nrinre
A^§|t®|k bottle bunco;
/ MCBURNEY'S I
/ W* % %nBy iviuney^ cure
VrA' iyr A ttoroagh core tor
p\ i C P al TiS 'ke bac t,
Q. JK BW6HTS DISEASE.
24 rj. ieinalo troubles, iscon-
tloence Of urine, brick «Jnst deposits, bed*
wetting oi children, gravel, gall stoaea, -i
dropsy, diabetes", aad rheuaatisia- f Wl
FOR SALE AT ; , V
DAHLBESDER DRUG CO.. 21* Kearnr "t..
AND AT
THE CTCVX. DRITO CO., 112S Market wt.
Betid 23c in 2c itamps to "W. T. McBurney,
413 6. Spring st.. Los Angeles, Ca!.. for 0
days' treatment. Prepaid ' tl SO. Drnr^dats.
DHrMEYERS&CO, JHI1&
Specialists. Disease sj§§j?
and weakness of tSSfi}
men. Established 75$ - *^£k.tt?L
1SSL ConsulUtlon VC& "X^'VCS'
and private book v%tv i/_JLI
free, at office or by 1 -WiQxJ
maJl. Cures puar- l>-'*utVi«jrf^^
anteed. 7:tl ilar- NSilVSv^S
ket street (elevator A**2JR i >'£nS
entrance), San >Tv il'vMwL
Avisir DR. JORDAN'S grcat4>
{MUSEUH OF AHATOHYf
A u lsauAsar sr.tst eaiTa. UJa 4
\ j*if Tte L«J^«»tAa«tonrie»l Ilimn m tN- \
9 -ieSfefik jT 0 "* 1 *=**»««*••«>» »^»y eontr«rt«ra A
«v KRi dl»e«e pr«!U»eI T nml by tbe oldcu \
A IfQ^I Coa«u!»tlon freo «nd strirtiT prfrate. \
9 M In 1 Tnnnient penonaliy or by letrcr. A 4
\ I 7V | n+ttwu Cur* in nctycaMmdntuea. \
»rff & *'rt, for Book, PIILO«t>rU'k «l A
¥ ¦ I TunoMus, mailbo #aa3. uf
A Q I ' **luaUa boob let Draj \
f OBjidpiSASI A CO., K3t Market St.a F. Y
RUPTURE CURED. *
When w» B ar "rapture cured" we meaa It.
tor It in a fact that durtns the past 20 jnn
t>R. PIERCE'S 3JAONETIC ELASTIC TRUSS
haa CURED thousands of case«. Nothing ela« -- •./
l>ke It. Beat retainer made. It does th« work.
Investigate for yourself. C7"Call for "Book-
let No. V or send 3 cents In stamps. Ad-
dress:
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
V2O Market Street. San Francisco.
Or 1145 Broadway. New Tork City.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE, I3IYIGORA-
tor and Nerrtne.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for th* Sexual Organs, for both sexei. •
The Mexican Remedy for LMseases of the Kld-
n«7* and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits.
NABER, ALF9 * BRU.VE. Axants.
O Market at.. S. F.— (Send for Clrcaiars.)
¦ ¦ •
DB. HALL'S BEIN VIGOR ATORWSran'
Five hundred reward for any klrW3n
ease we cannot cure. This secret K3 9Ktf
remedy stops all losses In 24 hours. 3 Wl
cures Emission j, Im potency. Varl- bbbbsI *— "* i
eocele. Gonorrhoea, Gleet. Fit*. fPfl f**\ -^
Strictures, Lost Manhood and all It'];! ¦t«I»I^^
wasting •TTects or tell -abuse or £?*$ HW!
e^ce«eB, Sent sealed. $3 bottle: 3 ESasUISj
6ottl«s._|5: guaranteed to cure any caa*. Ad-
There's
As Dr. Tierce's Favorite Prescription
for womanly diseases. No one knows
this better than the woman who has
tried local doctors and many medicines
and found no cure until she began
the use of r favorite Prescription." It
establishes regularity, stops weakening
drains, heals inflammation and ulcera-
tion and cures female weakness. It
makes weak women strong and sick
women well.
v- 1 — ' ~ y
Because at $5.00 the pair they are reasonable in once — then,
too, they prevent colds and coughs, which are expensive
things. ; v
With ABSOLUTELY WATERPROOF LEATHER
CORK SOLES and a COMELY APPEARANCE, aren't
they a BARGAIN?
Made by BUCKINGHAM & HECHT; sold only at
flty'^vu. >rf30"^T_B I
788-740 Market Street, San Francisco.
Mail Orders filled —^Address Department O.
ADVEBTISEJTENTS.A Woman Insolvent.
Florence N. Reed of San Francisco filed
a petition in Insolvency yesterday. In' the
United States District Court. Her liabili
ties are $27,750, mostly due In Buffalo, N.
Y. She has no assets.
They Seek Lower Rates on Oil.
President!* P. Crane of the California
Miners' Association has appointed the fol
lowing-named as' a; committee to- wait
upon the traffic men of the Southern Pa
cific Company to ask for a lower rate for
the transportation of crude petroleum
from the points of production. to the noints
of: consumption :.upon their lines: W.;H.
H. Hart W. A. Jacobs, ¦ E. D. Berrl and
G. W. Terrill of San Francisco, and C.'AT
Canfield of Los Angeles. The committee
will try to arrange for an early conference
with the railway authorities.
MAY WILTON HELD FOB
ASSAULT TO MUBDEB
In Open Court She Threatens the Spe
cial Prosecuting "Attorney With-
Violence.
The ; preliminary "." examination of May
• Wilton, dressmaker at 117 , Taylor street,
charged. with assault to murder for stab
bing her landlord, A.' Sanderson, with a
J air of scissors, was concluded before
udge Megan yesterday and she was held
to answer before the Superior Court In
$2000 bonds. - .?': . " •¦;''¦ - • :
•During the examination of one of the
witnesses for the prosecution, Attorney
Mack, ; special prosecutor, asked her If
on one i occasion the - defendant had not
thrown a'flatlron at her, and. on another
occasion taken five shots at a man named
Martin, who s used * to - visit * her. The wit'
r.ess answered In the affirmative and tne
defendant, who was seated close to Mack,
remarked : * VIM had you outside I would
soak ; vour head with < a flatiron ; mighty
quick/' " ; Mack appealed : to s the court * for
protection and the "Judge warned tho de
fendant not to make any threats In court
WILL CLAIM HIS YOUNG '-.-
BKIDE THIS AFTERNOON
Miss Lucie May Jackson and Dr. Max
Rothschild to Be Married-
To-Day.
Only the immediate relatives of the
contracting parties will be present at the
wedding of Dr. Max Rothschild and Miss
Lucle May Jackson, which will be cele
brated at 4 o'clock this afternoon at the
Jackson home on Sutter street.
The fair young bride-to-be is the
daughter of the late John P. Jackson, and
It Is owing to her father's death that the
marriage will be such a quiet affair, ln
etead of the brilliant social function that
was originally planned.
. Rev. Dr. Hemphill will perform the
ceremony. The bride will wear a simple
white Swiss gown and her only ornament
will be a epray of orange blossoms sent
from Napa Soda Springs.
The young doctor will take his bride to
Monterey, where a week will be ppent.
The future home of Dr. and-.Mrs.-Roth
schild will be at the Hotel Richelieu, ¦'
FIVE BOLD. CROOKS
LANDED IN PRISON
Visit the Arctic Oil Works and Get
Away Withi a Quantity of
. Brass.
Five bold crooks. Frank Donnelly, Rob
ert Taggart, Thomas (alias "Irish")
Brady,' Joseph Collins ¦ and John (alias
,"Punk") Carr, are locked up in 'the City
Prison. They were arrested yesterday by
Detectives Ryan and O'Dea, Railroad
Detective Lewin and Police' Officers Orr
and Koegel and charged with grand lar
ceny. A few days ago-the. men-stole a
boat and rowed to the Arctic OH Works,
where they stole about a thousand pounds
of brass, valued at 1200. The brass was
taken away in the boat and subsequently
sold for $75 -to a Junk dealer on Mission
street. , :
With the exception of Collins and Carr
all the men are ex-convicts, Donnelly
having served two terms In the peniten
tiary for burglary and robbery. v
Last evening Donnelly and . Taggert
were Identified as the men who : entered
the store of a Mrs. Patterson and stole
about $200. wdrth of silver knives - and
forks. They are alBO suspected of being
the men who broke .into a house at Sis
eon and stole a lot of silverware.
MILO WALDRON WILL
PROSECUTE WALKER
Swears to a Complaint Charging His
Assailant "With Assault to
Commit Murder.
Milo Waldron of the Majestic saloon
swore to a complaint in Judge Mogan's
court yesterday >. morning charging 'Wil
liam "Walker, the saloon-keeper, of Lc3
Angeles, with assault to murder. Walker
appeared In court and was instructed
and arraigned. He was represented by
Attorney Percy V. Long, and Porter Ashe
appeared as special prosecutor. .The case
waa by, consent continued for a week.
¦ At the time Waldron : was stabbed by
Walker In the Leepalmer House, Novera
ber 17, In the room occupied by May Wal
ker, a woman who formerly lived with
the Los Angeles man, Waldron declared
positively that ¦ he would not prosecute
Walker, but he has apparently changed
his mind. May "Walker, the cause of the
trouble, was In court.
Registrar's Official Canvass.
Partial results of the official canvass of
returns made yesterday by Registrar
"Walsh ehow that McKinley carried the
city by 9,936 votes. The pool selling ordi
nance vote was 22,636 for, 25.626 against.
The total vote cast was 65,161, a very
heavy one. In the Forty-first Assembly
District Dibble's vote was 1613, Sutro, his
opponent, beating him by 585 votes, Su
tro'e total being 219S.
SECURING JUBORS FOR
HOFF MURDER TRIAL
Two More Accepted, Making Nine
Altogether, and Another Ven-
ire Issued.
The work' of selecting a Jury for the
second trial of Albert Hoff, charged with
the murder of Mrs. Mary A. Clute, is pro
gressing slowly in Judge Cook's court.
Yesterday forty talesmen were examined.
Their names follow:
¦ J. S. C. Thompson. Fred Velegar, C. S.
Warner, G*orae Covert, C. O. Horwltz. James
M. Patrick. Otto Schraft. E. P. Overton. E.
Oppenhelmer, E. H. Mitchell, W. H- Roussell.
A. Lazarus, J. W. Leavltt. YV. Wallace. C. C.
Moore, L. F. Geissler, J. J. AfTolter. F. Bu
chanan, G. A. Fleishner. Frank Titus, R. B.
Darker. Charles Elliot. W. G. Seppich. N. C.
LlnUeley, Isldor Meyer, James. A. Desmond, F.
Baumel, H. Schmullan. £>. W. H. Lohoen.
Henry Lackmann, M. Hammerslagr, Peter
Johnston Daniel Kelly, James Otis, William
Pardjr. M. TodIKz. E. C. Youn*. W. J. Pat
tcsien.
Of the number two only wera accepted
— D. "W. H. Lohsen and "W. J. Pattoslen—
making nine accepted altogether. The
others were excused for cause and one,
E. H. Mitchell, was peremptorily chal
lenged by the defense. Thia makes six
peremptory challenges for the defense and
four for the prosecution. Another venire
of 100 was Issued returnable this morning.
SECRETARY GAGE ON
MEANING OF "STUDENTS"
These cf the Chinese Variety Must
Be Above the Grammar School
Grades.
Acting Customs Collector Jackson re
ceived a dispatch yesterday from Secre
tary Gage dlnmisMng the appeal of Yip
Wah and giving a more than unusually
rigorous interpretation of the Chinese tx
ciusion act.
Yip came hither from China a few
months ago on a certificate as a student.
On being interrogated It was found ih^t
he did not possess even an elementary
ec vcation. He explained that he had come
to this country for the purpose of receiv
ing- an elementary education. His state
ment was not believed and he was ordere 1
deported.
In response to Yip's appeal Secretary
Gag<> replied that the word "students" i'i
the exclusion art did not apply to a Chi
nese person who. for instance, assumed
to be a student for the purpose of learn
ing to r?ad and write merely or to ctu ly
simple fractions cr any other of the ele
mentary branches. The word was to be
taken in its broad sense, and therefore
Yip was not a student and should be de
ported.
ILLEGAL CRAB-CATCHEBS
JAB.E TO BE PROSECUTED
Value of Shell Fish as a
State Product.
Chief Deputy Babcock Discusses the
It Is against the law to catch or have In
your possession a female crab. The State
Board of Fish Commissioners is enforcing
the law and offenders are being severely
prosecuted. A. Bartolomes was taken into
custody yesterday, and on Friday last An
tonio Espo, foreman of A. Paladini's
steam fishing boat, was arrested for hav
ing female crab in his possession.
"The necessity of enforcing this law,"
said Chief Deputy John P. Babcock, "Is
much more important than the public gen
erally appreciates*. There are at the pres
ent time thirty-three gasoline crab boats
carrving two men each who tish along the
beach from ten miles north cf the Heads
to six or eight miles south. These boats
are worth about $000 each, and the owners
fish on an average of live days a week the
year round. They catch about seven
dozen crabs a day. and some days make
a heavier catch. In addition to the gaso
line boats there are forty-nine sailboats
also engaged in this business. The latter
are valued at J75 each and are frequently
manned by two men. Their catch aver
ages four dozen per day.
"The figures for the full catch for 1S39
are Interesting. One hundred and eleven
thousand and twenty dozen crabs were
caught 'during that year. The average
weight Is about thirty pounds to the
dozen. The total weight was 3,330,600
pounds, which at 70 cents per dozen gives
a total value of 577 140. This Is an Increase
over the catch of 1S35. when the total
catch wa's valued at $61,760. The small
catch in that year was due to the fact
that there were no gasoline boats useo.
There is no doubt the crab is on the de
crease. This is due to the fact that gaso
line boats are used, and they are able to
cover more territory than the sail boats.
"Thus If is absolutely necessary that the
female crab should be left undisturbed.
The Board of Fish Commissioners intend
prosecuting every offender of the law, as
the fishery industry Is one of the most im
portant in the State." -hip.
" James Horton, alias Gray, alias Murray,
an ex-convict and all-around crook, was
arrested yesterday morning by Detectives
Wren and Dinan and locked up In the
tanks. He is supposed to be the burglar
who hes been operating with considerable
success" In the Western Addition during
the past week. In his room the detectives
found several pieces of jewelry and some
silver ware which are known to have been
stolen.
Horton first came under the eye of the
police about five years ago, when he waa
arrested in Oakland while in the act of
breaking into a house. He was convicted
after a 3hort trial and sent to Folsom.
On being discharged about a year ago he
came to this city and committed a series
of daring burglaries. Before the poilce
could arrest him he and another crook
named McCallum had a row over a divi
sion of spoils, which resulted in the latter
shooting Horton In the foot. McCallum
was ariesteu and stnt to .San Quentin lor
three years.
While in the hospital Horton was recog
nized as the pal of a noted counterfeiter,
who was beirg anxiously sought for by
the Secret Service officers. Horton's room
was located after considerable trouble,
and a complete counterfeiter's plant
found. Subsequently the confederate of
Horton, who proved to be an ex-convict
named Gray, was arrested while about to
leave the city. They were both charged
with having counterfeiters tools In their
possession, but were acquitted after sev
eral trials by a Jury in the United States
court.
A short time afterward Horton was dis
covered In the act of breaking Into a
house in the Western Addition, but
through some Influence he was released on
his promise to leave the city and never
return. After leaving here he went to
Sacramento and committed a number of
bold burglaries. He returned here about
two weeks ago and at once got back to his
old tricks. «
The detectives have sufficient evidence
rgainst him to land him in the peniten
tiary for a long period.
James Horton, a Daring Bur
glar, Again Behind
Prison Bars.
NOTED CROOK
CAUGHT WITH
HIS PLUNDER
George C. Perkins, United States Sen
ator, expects to leave Alameda County
this evening for Washington, D. C. Dur
ing the past week he has H&tened to
many delegations who have favorites to
recommend for the office of United States
District Attorney. The place, however,
will not be vacant until the resignation of
Frank L. Coombs, the Incumbent, Is ac
cepted. Mr. Coombs will enter upon his
duties as Representative in Congress from
the First California District on March 4,
1901.- Among those who are willing to
succeed him In the office of District At
torney are: Thomas L. Carothers, Mar
shall B. .Woodworth, State Senator J. J.
Boyce, General E. S.- Salomon and D. E.
McKinlay.
Senators Bard and Perkins will be In
Washington a day or two before Congress
convenes and will doubtless obtain the
views of the United States Attorney Gen
eral" regarding the appointment of Mr.
Coombs' successor.
Clem Perkins, who is slated for the po
sition of cashier of the custom-house, to
succeed W. B. Hamilton, Is not a son, but
a nephew of Senator Perkins. The Sen
ator has three sons, but the only one In
the Federal service is the youngest, who
gained appointment to the naval acad
emy by competitive examination, in which
forty applicants competed for the prize.
It is no secret that Senator Perkins Is a
candidate for re-election to the United
States Senate. His present term will ex
pire March 4, 1903. The Legislature to con
vene in January. 1903. will elect his suc
cessor unless another deadlock shall en
sue. The opponents of Senator Perkins
are spreading the rumor that he has en
tered into a bargain to retain In office
John C. Lynch, Collector of Internal Rev
enue. '
At the next session of Congress Califor
nia will be represented by a solid Repub
lican delegation. The members of -the
House will find on the calendar a bill
which has passed the Senate authorizing
an appropriation of $2,500,000 for building
a, new custom-house, in San Francisco.
Doubtless Representatives Loud, Kahn.
Metcalf, Needham, Coombs, Woods and
McLachlan will unite their efforts to se
cure early and favorable action on the
bill In the House. The fact that the city
gave President McKinley 10,000 plurality
will not handicap the Congressmen In
their efforts to obtain the needed allow
ance.
Listens to Delegations on
the Eve of His Departure
for Washington.
DUTY CALLS THE
SENIOR SENATOR
TO THE EAST
Wells Finds a Way
• to Pay Creditors.
"When the merchant and school teacher
creditors of the city sign "paid" to their
warrants they will, or should, thank
Auditor Asa R. Wells for their being able
to do so. The Auditor after consultation
with his old and much tried friend, the
new charter, has evolved a way In which
bills against the city owed since 1S93 will
be paid. Reuben H. Lloyd may also be
thanked in the cause.
Now the charter In its entirety and de
tail is known to the Auditor as well as
his Bible, perhaps better. The question
of how to pay the teachers and merchants
whose hopes of seeing the city's money
had been on the point of dissolving into
a very blue beyond, has weighed on the
Auditor's mind for some time. He has
thought of many a plan, many a time,
but all had "gone agiey" until that use
ful instrument, the charter, offered Itself
as a stepping stone out of the difficulty.'
The cnarter states that ail money re
maining in the City Treasury at the end
of the fiscal -year -'after ail valid debts
have been liquidated shall be disbursed
among those (be they teachers, merchants
or what not) who have judgments against
the city. This provision applies with
equal torce to Judgments oDtained for
Indebtedness encountered before the
charter went into effect. Now the teach
ers and merchants, with patience which
approached near to being a virtue, have
waited for the distribution, long promised
and equally long delayed, among them of
a sum of $129,750 due from the city. Till
the Auditor and the charter stepped in
the money had looked like what insur
ance men call "a bad risk."
The close of the present fiscal year,
however, beheld in the City Treasury a
snug surplus Of $225,000 accumulated from
the Increased assessment.
It appeared to Auditor Wells that some
of this should be devoted to awarding the
Job-like patience of the teachers and
merchants. Attorney Lloyd gave the
matter careful consideration and came to
the same conclusion as the Auditor.
-Here is the way Attorney Lloyd sizes
up the matter: The surplus is open to
attack from any .creditor who had or
could secure judgment against the city.
The question of devoting some of the sur
plus to street repairs does not figure, as
the charter provides that outstanding
claims must be satisfied before the sur
plus can legally be devoted to any other
purpose. Now, what will have to be done
to get the money i3 for the creditors to
assign all their claims to one man, who
will sue the city and secure ludgment.
The surplus will pay everybody in full
and yet leave some thousands of dollars
for street ¦ purposes. The sum due the
merchants is $8000/ while the teachers'
claims for November, 1898. salaries are
$25,750, and for December, 1898, $96,000. The
news that the Auditor has solved thi3
vexed question in a manner which seems
likely ¦ to yield satisfaction and dollars to
everybody should, he thinks, make pleas
ant sauce for the teachers' Thanksgiving
birds,- and be a source of joy to every
citizen in that the municipal integrity of
San Francisco has been redeemed.
TEACHERS WILL GET
THEIR BACK SALARY
THEY DEPLORE DEATH
OF COLONEL JACKSON
Resolutions of Respect to His Mem
ory Drafted and Presented by
Customs Employes.
A meeting of the custom-house em
ployes was held yesterday morning and
the following resolutions of condui'-nc;
were unanimously adopted and presented
to John P. Jackson Jr. The resolutions
were artistically engrossed and bound in
morocco covers:
Tn fh.. fumllv r,f the. 1a»» rVtlnnoi Jnhn T>
To the family of the late Colonel John P.
Jackson:
We, the employes of the customs service, of
the Collector's department, deeply deplore the
death of Colonel John P. Jackson, and. In
spired by an affectionate regard for him, offer
to you our slncerest sympathy In your be
reavement aad beg at the same time to con
vey to you our appreciation of his exalted
character. ?— »
The.«e are not formal words, but are the hon
est expression of a' respect and admiration for
his character, which we early felt and shall
always maintain. It may be gratifying to you
to know that his attitude to his subordinates
was characterized by the gentlest courtesy and
unfallln; kindness.
He bore himself In his high office with the
dignity befitting his station, without austerity,
yet was accessible to all under his control.
AVe felt that If ever contention arose even
justice would be meted and that without re
proach.
We take a pride In having served under on«
who, 'In every activity of life In which he
took a oart, and In every office, civic and mili
tary, with which he was honored by an ap
preciative country, he bore himself In the front
rank.
- His Integrity .was conceded, his intellectual
capacity was admired. He was honored as a
citizen and officer ami loved, as a man.
"Whatever records «r>rln?r to light.
His never shall be shamed."
We *hall cherish his memory with tender
regard and your grief shall take counsel with
our love.
You and we have been bettered by his life,
and his death shall not be without rood, for
"Sorrow always Is and ever has been
A power to virtue friendly."
MAUD ML NOLAN FEEED
BY A DIVORCE DECREE
Court Finds Her Charge "Was True.
Other Unhappy Couples Seek
and Are Granted Relief.
Mrs. Maud M. Nolan was granted a di
vorce yesterday from Joseph F. Nolan by
Judge Eahrs on the ground of Infidelity.
Mrs. Nolan's action was partly heard
some weeks ago, but Judge Bahrs was
doubtful a? to the corr*«ctness of her
charge. Additional testimony was taken
last week, however, and the decree has
be«?n granted. The property rights of the
litigants, ¦which are large, have been set
tled. It is said, bttween themselves,
i Frederick Raa.!>e, the Democratic poli
tician, vras for the Ft-cond time made a
party to a divorce suit filed yesterday by
Margaret Raabe. Mrs. Raabe was arrest
ed recently on complaint of her husband
<m a charge of insanity. After a hearing
before the Insanity Commission she was
discharged, it having been determined by
the commission that she was of sound
mind, "though 'the possessor of an un
povernabie temper." In 1SSQ Raabe sued
his wife for divorce. A reconciliation was
elected, however, and the case never
vent to trial. Mrs. Raabe filed a cross
complaint yesterday charging her hus
band with cruelty, and the ca?e will now
po to trial. It is said that Raabe will
make no answer to his wife's cross-com
plaint and that his -wife will obtain judg
ment by default.
Luella Lamb secured a divorce yester
day from Horace B. Lamb on the ground
of "willful neglect.
Simon L. Ccoperman has sued Kaelie
C^operman fcr a. divorce, alleging deser
tion as cause of action.
ARE DOWN TO ISSUES
nr THE POTTEB, CASE
"Witnesses Testify as to the Services
Performed for Deceased by
Claimant.
The action Instituted by Mrs. Annie J.
Pronk against the estate of the late Jesse
C. Potter to recover for services rendered
as a nurse has been stripped of its sen
sational features, and the attorneys are
now reaching into the merits of the case.
Joseph Malfante, proprietor of Delmonl
co's; Dr. J. A. Xoble. who attended the
deceased; Charles W. Constley, his bar
ber; Charles Kelb and William La France,
waiters, and Mrs. Pronk, the claimant,
were the witnesses of the day.
Malfante and Dr. Noble testified as to
their knowledge of the services rendered
by Mrs. Pronk, both agreeing that she
was unusually attentive to the deceased
during his last illness and added much to
his comforts. Constley testified as to hav
ing received $10 a. shave from the deceased
on one cr two occasions, and was as sure
that Mrs. Pronk had been as generous in
her attentions to the deceased as he was
to the witness for his services. Kelb and
La France testified that they had served
meals at Potter's suite frequently, and al
ways found Mrs. Pronk In attendance.
Mrs. Pronk was the last witness of the
day. She testified as to her attendance
upon Potter, and gave to the Jury her
estimate of the value of her services.
When the claimant left the stand the
defense made a motion for a non-suit.
This was denied by Judge Daingerfield.
The defense will produce its witnesses to
day.
have fair play. I do knowthat.a number of
heads of departments are in favor of their
employes taking the examinations if they
could receive the examinations provided
for by the charter, but they object to hay
ing persons thrust upon them, who, while
they may be highly educated and pass the
scouting of the Civil Service Commission,
will be entirely incompetent to perform
the duties of the positions to which they
may be assigned.
"The Commissioners must not forget
that their bonds as public officials are
very small as compared with those of
other officers of the city government,
such as the County Clerk. Tax Collector.
Sheriff or Assessor. These officials are
responsible on their bonds for errors made
by Incompetent deputies and consequently
should have some consideration shown
them as to the employment of their dep
uties. It Is certainly unfair to thrust per
sons into their offices and compel them
to teach them their duties for an indefi
nite period. Indeed, I unlerstand that
threats have been .made that IT certain
officials do not do this the Mayor will be
appealed to to remove them from office.
Coercion by the Civil Service Commission
is no better, to my way of thinking, than
that of the political bosses. The princi
ple Is exactly the same In both cases.
"In conclusion, I desire to say that I do
not question the integrity of the commis
sion, but their power is so enormous for
good or evil under the charter as they
construe it .that I believe thev have lost
their heads.- In attempting to excuse
their actions' the statement has been
made that the fault lies with the system.
Such is not the case, however. . The merit
system provided for by the charter Is
like many other sections of the chartes,
all right; but the trouble has been with
the officials who have construed the pro
visions of the instrument to suit their
own ideas and whims.
"While the Supervisors have amend
ments of the charter under consideration,
I believe they could not utilize their time
to better advantage than by devising
some way by which this important arti
cle. If constitutional, can be carried out
as the people of this city expected and tho
freeholders intended it should be carried
out. .
"Under all tha circumstances of this
controversy I think the Civil Service
Commission should unite with the heads
of departments of the city government
and obtain an early decision as to the
constitutionality of the charter- articles,
as was done In the cases of Assessor
Dodge, who is suing for his poll tax com
mission; Treasurer Brooks, who Is suing
for his collateral Inheritance tax fees,
and the stenographers who resisted the
article fixing their salaries. In none of
these Instances was resistance made to
the decree of the courts, but courts and
officials Joined in an effort to settle the
law. v
"I regard the course row being pursued
by the commission as ill-advised and cal
culated to cause additional trouble. The
danger Is that a fight Involving partisan
politics will tend to degrade civil service
reform and deprive it of a fair trial before
the people.
"The statement has been made that I
am the attorney for Sheriff ' Lackmann.
This Is untrue."
Ex-Mayor L. R. Ellert has opened up
on the local Civil Service Commission
and . expresses opinions that are very
uncomplimentary to the m^n comprising
that board. Mr. Ellert says among other
things that the commission is meet
ing- with trouble because . the members
are inexperienced, use bad judgment and
refuse to accept' the advice of better in
formed people, able to post them on how
they should proceed.
Mayer Ellert says he Is an ardent advo
cate of civil service and that as a Free
holder his only fear was that the Mayor
would appoint to the Civil Service Board
theorists who would not carry out the
spirit of the charter. Ihcse fears have
been realized, the ex-Mayor declares.
Some politicians who are Interested in
the welfare of certain members of the
Phelan-Fay push, now holding jobs at the
City Hall, are criticizing Judge. Hebbards
recent decision and saying it was rendered
on political grounds as part of a plan to
break down the charter. There Is being
thrown into the f/ice of these persons the
decisions rendered by Judge Seawell, who
Is a Democrat, in the action instituted by
Assessor Douga. and Treasurer Brooks,
both Democrats', in regard to fees and the
euit of the shorthand reporters, also
brought by a Democrat, to have nullified
the clause in the charter providing that
reporters in the criminal Superior Courts
should receive but 5200 a month each as
fuil compensation and pay out of this the
cost of transcribing and stationery.
These decisions were the first blows
struck at the charter.
Dodge, If the Supreme Court sustains
Judge Seawell, will protit to the extent of
W.WJ during his four-year term, though
he pledged himself to the people to ac
cept no fees whatever should they elect
him Assessor. Brooks will profit largely
also.
Dodge's attorney, in the action wherein
he was awarded the fat pickings from
poll tax, was Gavin McNab, Democratic
leader. The matter was submitted on
briefs as agreed to by City Attorney Lane,
Democrat.
It Is said that Dodge tried very hard to
have the action regarding fees brought
Into court without his appearing as a
party and that a strong effort was made
to throw Brooks to the front in the mat
ter. The Treasurer had set aside the
amount of the poll-tax commissions at
Dodee's request and when affairs were
reaching a focus he told the Assessor
that if he did not do something pretty
quick the sum to set aside would be turned
into the general fund by the Treasurer.
Then the action was begun.
Ex-Mayor Ellert said yesterday:
"The troubles of the Civil Service Com
missioners, in my opinion, are due princi
pally to their inexperience and bad judg
ment as well as to the position they as
sume in beinsr unwilling: to accept advice
or suggestions from citizens, who, from
their experience, are competent to give
them advice. None of the gentlemen of
the commission. I believe, have had any
practical experience in municipal affairs,
and the very lack of that qualification has
led them into many errors. For instance,
the charter provides that the Commis
sioners shall make rules to carry out tha
purposes of the article on civil service,
Out it does not empower the Commission
ers to make changes in the rules to suit
individual cases without some reasonable
notice to the public, which they have
acne several times.
"The position the Commissioners assume
in their construction of the, law as set
forth in section 4, article 13, "that all ex
aminations shall be practical In their
character," Is very peculiar to say the
least. The recent examination for
police officers, for instance, was to my
mind a clear violation of the spirit of. tne
charter. A .good police officer should be
in perfect physical condition when he is
appointed; ne should also be intelligent
and have good judgment. But questions
should not be submitted to him that would
necessitate the education of a professional
man to answer correctly.
"Another instance was the examination
for the Tax Collector's office, which un
der the charter includes the license de
partment. In place ot providing for two
or more examinations to conform to the
law for this part- of .the municipal govern
ment, one examination only was given.
Nearly an the questions submitted applied
to the duties of the tax department, which
was unfair and unjust to the employes
or the license office, whose duties are en
tirely separate and distinct from those
of the tax department. The excuse of
the Commissioners for violating the law in
tnls case is, I believe, that it would be
impractical to do any different, which is
not a fact.
"The Commissioners also assume the
position, and a very unreasonable and un
businesslike one it Is, that the clerks in
any department should be competent to
do the work of any other clerk in the
same office. That contention is, of course,
simply absurd. As well assert that in a
large department store a clerk in the hat
department should be able to go into the
hardware department and be perfectly
familiar with the duties; that one In the
boot and s,noe department should be cap
able of performing the duties required or
one in the toy department. I hardly thlnR
If the principles advocated by the Civil
Service Commissioners were applied to a
large business house, that the business
would succeed for any length of jtlme.
"I have always been an ardent advocate
of civil service reform, and from my ex
perience in public life I realize the neces
sity of having some such system of ap
pointment. As one of the Freeholders I
took a very active interest in advocating
the article applying to civil service. The
only fear that I had was that the com
mission to be appointed by the Mayor
would be 'composed of theorists, who
would not carry out the spirit of the char
ter, and I regret to say that my fears
have been realized. I have kept in close
touch during the past few months with
the work of this Civil Service Commission,
and- it is my belief that the city govern
ment has been seriously demoralized by
their theoretical rulings. I believe to-day
that nine-tenths of the City Hall em
ployes would be more than willing to take
the examinations applying to their posi
tions if they thought they were going to
ELLERT SEVERELY ARRAIGNS
CIVIL SERVICE COMMISSION
Declares His Fear That the Mayor Would Appoint a Weak
Board Has Been Realized— -Democrats Were the
First to Break Down Charter.
Supervisors to Order
S reets Improved.
The refusal of the Board of Public
Works to recommend the best pavement
for the downtown district In accordance
with the ideas of the Street Committee
will avail it but little. Supervisor Curtis
introduced a resolution at yesterday's
meeting of the board providing that as
the Eoard of Public Works objects to rec
ommending the paving of Washington.
Clay. Sacramento and Pine streets from
Montgomery to Sansome with asphalt on j
a six-inch concrete foundation the work |
be ordered done In accordance with the
power conferred upon the Board of Super- 1
visors by the charter.
Curtis explained that the Street Com
mittee had conferred with several reliable i
people as to what would be the best pave
ment for the streets named.
"We have talked with merchants and
te&msters," sa:d Curtis, "and we arrived
at the conclusion that an asphalt cover
ing on a concrete base is the test for all
conditions. The cobblestone foundation
will not make^a good pavement for heavy
traffic. That explains why we favored
such a foundation on Grant avenue, where
the traffic is light. It seems strange that I
the Board of Public Works should be so
insistent In its recommendation of such a !
foundation, which it acknowledges to be I
inferior. The Street Committee icels it to I
be its duty to disregard the recommenda
tion of the Board of Public Works and
on its own account asks that the best
pavement be ordered."
Reed called attention to the charter pro- !
vision requiring the written retommenda- i
tion of the Board of Public Works for all
street work, and held that there was no i
escape from it. Curtis, however, quoted
another section which provides that if
the Board of "Works refuses to recommend
any street work for which application has
been made the Supervisors can order the
improvement by an affirmative vote of
fourteen members. Reed desired to know
if such application was on file, and Edgar
Painter stated that' a general application
had been filed by the Merchants' Asso
ciation and the North Central Improve
ment Association for the repaving of
streets in the downtown district,
McCarthy moved to amend the ordi
nance by substituting for asphalt vitrified
brick or basalt blocks of the same size
grouted with asphalt, but the motion was
ruled out of order. The resolution was
then referred to the Street Committee for
immediate consideration.
The Tax Collector was authorized to em
ploy ten clerks to complete his annual set
tlement with the Auditor.
The Treasurer was authorized to em
ploy one additional clerk for two months.
The Auditor was empowered to employ
temporarily ten extra clerks.
The board adjourned to meet this even
ing to take up the water rate investiga
tion.
WILL IGNORE BOARD
OF PUBLIC WORKS
The futile efforts made in the fast Board
of Supervisors to secure a reduced car
fare for workingmen and school children
are to b« revived by Supervisor Braun
hart. but with the workingmen left out.
Braunhart introduced an ordinance at
yesterday's meeting of the board provid
ing for a half-faro to be charged school
children going- to and from school,
braunhart is not dismayed by the fact
tnat an ordinance introduced by ex-Super
visor ilagulre providing for a half-fare
standing rate, which was introduced as
far back as last April, has been quietly
slumbering since- then In the Street Com
mittee, to which It was referred, and on
which no report has ever been made.
Bvlnsrton's ordinance, which was re
jected by the last board, provided that
th£ street railway companies should be
required to sell seven tickets for 25 cents
to school children and eight tickets for
25 cents to workingmen. said tickets, hox^
ever, to be good only during certain spec'
fied hours of the day. Braunhart'3 ordi
nance Ignores the worklngmen and con
tains a clause making Its violation a mis
demeanor. The ordinance was referred
to the Judiciary Committee to determin*
its legality.
The Board of Public Work3 was direct
ed to enter Into a. contract for the con
struction of bunkers for street swe«plnga
at an estimated cc3t of $5005. It la in
tended to make a specific appropriation
next year for the Park Commission to re
move the sweepings to Golden Gate Park.
The resolution condemning the Alia
Theater was deferred until the next meet
ing. The Board of Public Works is at
present Investigating the repairs neces
sary to be made in the building to maka
It safe.
The ordinance authorizing the Board of
Public Works to enter Into a contract for
cleaning and sweeping the public streets
irom January 1. 1901, to June 30, 1001. at
an estimated cost of $30,000, was laid over
for one week. McCarthy expressed a de
sire to see the specifications which aro
on file In the office of the Board of Public
Works.
The Police Commission was authorized
to employ a cook for the City Prison at a
salary of $60 per month.
The chief of the department of elec
tricity was directed to extend the electric
lighting system to the copyists' gallery
in the Hall of Records.
The roadway of McAllister street, be
tween Broderlck and Baker, paved with
bituminous roetc was fully accepted.
It was resolved that the printing and
furnishing of transcripts on appeal in
civil cases be done by competitive blddlne.
The City Attorney was authorized to
place the Widber orchard, in Santa Clara
County. In the hands of a real estate
agent for sale.
The Tax Collector was authorized* to
cancel erroneous poll-tax assessments of
persons who have paid the tax or who
were under age on March 1. 1300.
The ordinance providing for the paving:
of Grant avenue, between CFarrell and
r>ush streets, with bituminous rock on a
basalt base at a cost of J70S7. of which
$2500 will be contributed by property own
.ers. was finally passed.
The ordinance providing for the com
pletion and furnishing of the Morgue
building and Inclosing the elevator shaft
in the Hall of Justice at a cost of $1600
was finally passed.
Another Ordinance
Before Supervisors.
REDUCED FARE FOR
SCHOOL CHILDREN
The ordinance providing for the appro
priation of $100,000, in two installments of
$50,000 each, for the acquisition of land for
St. Mary's square was passed to print
yesterday by the Board of Supervisors,
after a motion to postpone it indefinitely
had been lost by the narrow margin of
one vote. The ordinance also provides for
the release of the $125,uuO originally appro
priated tor tne parK and now neid imact
in the city treasury pending the outcome
of litigation.
G. L». bhaaburne, president of St. Mary"s
Square Association, made a strong appeal
tor tne appropriation.
"I feel sati-snea," said Shadburne, "that
if you assure us of $100,000 for the park
we will raise whatever more will be neces
sary by private subscriptions. The Police
.Department favors the establishment of
the park, as it will wipe out a veritable
plague spot. The ordinance. If adopted,
wilt release the Jli5,iwo now tied up, which
can be uriliied to i>ay creditors of the
city."
"1 den't believe a square- is necessary in
that localitj," said JlcCavthy. "I cannot
see how we can legally appropriate the
HoO.OOO asked for. Yne charter says that
any purchase of land in exctss of $50,000
must be suornitted tc a vote of the people.
1 thinK an ai-se^smc-nt should h.e made In
the oistnet which :& supposed to be bene
fited by the j:arK."
"I am in fa\or of parks," said Hctallng,
"but not too many in one district. I
would favor a park south of Market
street, for instance, for there children
.could romp and play, but they will not do
so in St. Mary's Park; even ;hough flow
ers may grow where sin has flourished.
1 move th^ Indefinite postponement of the
ordinance."
Brandenstein opposed the ordinance on
the ground that it conflicted with the
charter.
"Father Otis told me once, said Bran
denstein, "that the only reason a park was
wanted in the locality was on account of
the lack of police surveillance in the
haunts of vice. This Is a sad commentary
&n the etflclency of our Police Department
and certainly calls for some action."
Tobin favored the establishment of a
park, but contended that as the illegality
of the appropriation was obvious he would
vote against it.
ReecLurged the passage of the ord.'nance,
as It v.ould be keeping faith with the park
promoters and release the $125,000 to pay
an army of creditors of the city.
Hotaling's motion on indefinite postpone
ment of the ordinance was lost by the fol
lowing vote, ten votes being necessary to
carry:
Ayes — Brandenstein, D'Ancona, Hotal-
Ing. McCarthy, Stafford, Tobin.
Noes— Booth, Boxton. Braunhart, Comte,
Connor, Curtis. Dwyer, Reed, Wilson.
The motion on passage to print of the
ordinance was carried by the following
votR:
Ayes— Booth, Boxton, Braur.bart, Comte,
Connoi, Cart's, D'Ancona, Dwyer, Reed,
Wilron.
Noes — Brand-nstein, Hotallng, McCar
thy, Stafford, Tob'n. ?
Ordinance, for a Park
h Passed to Print.
FUNDS VOTED FOR
ST. MARY'S SQUARE
TT.e resolution authorizing the Mayor to
enter into a written contract with the
People's Mutual Telephone Company to
secure to the city the right and option tc
the company's franchise was referred to
the Judiciary Committee by the Board of
Supervisors yesterday. The City Attor
ney had filed an opinion that the proposi
tion would first have to be submitted to a
vote or the people before it could be en
tertained.
Reed thought the City Attorney's*opin
ion was not good law.
"We have jin option here which may be
tccuired for 51." eald Reed, "and by so
CoSng we make it possible for one tele
phone company to become a rival to an
other which makes Jl^OO.0 1 .") per year on a
franchise of 51,000.000. It will result in
cutting down the exorbitant prices
charged to its customers by the existing
telephone monopoly. We are not buying
a public utility, but only an option there
on; therefore it is not necessary to submit
the proposition to the people first."
Brandenstein agreed with the City At
torney, and thought that the sum of $1
for which the option could be bought was
£0 email that the city Bhould unquestion
ably acquire It. Braunhart thought that
the purchase of the option would revive
a franchise of the People's Mutual Com
pany which he regarded £5 having been
forfeited.
"We wtat new and rival companies to
come here to Insure competitive rates,"
put In Re«d. "Tb« franchise Is perfectly
valid end the Issuance of bonds by the
People's Company to the amount of Jl,-
IOO.OjO Is absolutely certain."
McCarthy introduced a resolution which
¦was adopted under suspension of the
rules, in which the Auditor is requested
«LHd directed to inform the board whether
he has been and is now complying with
section 6 of chapter 2 of article IV of tha
charter, with reference to the Pacific Tel
ephone and Telegraph Company; and also
tiiat the Treasurer furnish the board with
a statement of the amounts of money
raid by him to the above named telephone
company since June last.
McCarthy explained that the clause re
ferred to provides that no demands shall
be allowed by the Auditor in favor of any
corporation cr person in any manner In
debted to the city and county except for
taxes not delinquent without first deduct
ing: tiie amount of any indebtedness of
which he has notice.
"There i? some $200,000 owing by the tel
ephone company to the city for bajk li
cence taxes on their nickel machines,"
said McCarthy, ""and I hold that the city
ehould not pay any bills of the telephone
company, but simply charge them up
against the money due the city. I dis
covered that the bills are being regularly
paid by the Auditor and Treasurer in the
face of a resolution adopted by this board
directing those officials not to pay them."
Board Urged to Pur
chase Its Franchise.
PLEA FOR A RIVAL
TELEPHONE COMPANY
IMPORTANT MATTERS AFFECTING THE CITY UNDER CONSIDERATION
THE SAN FRAISCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 27, 1900.
Will Lecture in Temple Emanu-El.
The San ; Francisco 'Council,, of Jewish
Women will meet to-morrow at 3 :30 p. ': m.
In Temple Emanu-El, Sutter street/ Henry
Weinstock of I Sacramento will lecture I on
"The Education of the Jewish Child, Past
and Present" The publio; Is invited. ?
Civil Service Examinations.
The' Civil Service Commissioners have
Bet examinations for positions Jn the
offices of the County Clerk, Assessor,
Sheriff. Recorder and Coroner, as follows:
Register and assistant - regfster clerks.
County Clerk. December 19.
Courtroom clerks. County Clerk, Janu
ary 3. - ,
Deputies. Assessor, January 9.
¦.Bailiffs. Sheriff. January lA
* Deputies, Recorder, January 23.
Depuiles.- Coroner. January 30."
.Jailers and Guards. Sheriff, February 8.
Deputies, Sheriff, February 13. -
John J.NBairett to Speak.
John J. Barrett will deliver : an address
before the Chamber of Commerce at 2:30
p. m. to-day. He will discuss "Trade Con
ditions. From "an,. Oriental Standpoint."
The public Is Invited.
5
f Money did not bay the testimonials which
tell of tht worth of hohncr Pianos.
' I Ths praises come from th« home. »bere
I . merit la the only consideration '. In piano
\ ' selection.
?Tbe Sohmer Plar.o Is «sad and commended
in 30,000 American homes to-day.
I Sohmer Pianos
5 Byron Mauzy, Sole A^ent ,
« SOS PoetStreet, San FrencUco
Write f or new catalogue of watches. Jewelry &
*liverware.> Hammersmith & Field. 36 Kearny. •
••:; The picture shows an $
•ij enamel shoe for ladies;.
;;¦ that is growing more in f;
t ; : i their favor as the sales in-r ; -':
ill crease. It sells for $3.50, ||
£g and is the equal of many f.
•i\ a shoe sold for $5.00 $
•ji right in this very city. £
£5 We have it also in kid, p
'M box calf or patent leath- 2
|| er. All of the four styles ;: : .
J have heavy extension £
A soles. This shoe is sure £¦
H to please you in style, ji
ji: price and wear, «f-
¦ *• • ' - IT
;i: I Boys' vici kid lace shoes, y.
:£ fine quality, good, thick soles — "$'.
?\ prices: ?,
ill; sizes 9 to 13. 91*50 t
¦:':¦ sizes 2 Z A to 2 1.75 r:
:ji; sizes 2 '/£ to &A . . . . . 2.OO '}
:•.;: Every pair guaranteed— a : :
[: : || new pair free if they ' don't
h« wear well. £
I tfftUFmNHS I
'<¦¦; |\»^ FOaMEPt.Y LUCKE5 * 1U f\
j£ * 832 MARKET St.SF
t"X*ufcn»nn 8t«js la Lnekt'a 8io»i" I
' .'¦•••
ADVERTISEMENTS.
See the display of "diamond and pearl brooches
at Rudolph Barth'i.' Jeweler. 141" Post street." •
; ->^y^Peljable Rimer
)X^^^^)»lCH GRADE GOODS
V22X V^^\RnSTICVVbaXMf<5HlF
Perfect Fitting -
and gracefully
shaped garments.
I give personal
attention to all
orders, Extensive -
connection with
all fashionjJBnters.
Prices Reasonable.
Mali OrJers Filled.
Don't MIstaks ths Number. A
Open Evenings.COLUMBUS WAS A LITTLE BIT SLOW.
County -for Presidential "Electors was:
Lincoln, £564; Douglas, 26S6; Breckin-
SACRAMENTO ELECTIONS— E. , W. 8.,
City. , '¦-¦:'• In % 1860 ¦ the i.vot©; of T\. Sacramento
who was killed during an election row in
New York * City by ,' i t was ' charged . Rich
ard Croker,' and "for .whose, death he ,waa
tried for murder, was John: McKenna.
CROKER— G. H.*B., City. The man
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
.WASHINGTON. Nov. 26.— Mrs. E. R.
Keelan of : Los - Angeles and Mrs. \.T. ,R.
Patterson and Miss Kimsey Patterson of
San Francisco ; are at the Ebbitt: A. M.
Dollar is at the Metropolitan ;.WY H.lHo
ney and wife and Thomas P. Smith are
at the Raleigh; Mrs. J. F. Clark is at the
Normandy; W. R.. Degruechy. J. J. Gott
lob, Joseph ¦ Gottlob and C. W. Buck of
San'Francisco and ,W.'L. Valentine of Los
Angeles are at the Arlington.
CAUFOBNIANS IN WASHINGTON
Canadian shippers are very, much concerned over
the success of San Franciscan . ship-owners in the
northern trade." The frightened merchants should re
member that we are their newly -acknowledged
cousins and that our success should be their congratu
lation. ¦ ¦
The utmost endeavors, vigorously prosecuted, hav^e
failed to locate Governor Gage, and public business,
in consequence, is languishing. -His Excellency is
making: every endeavor to demonstrate that he was
born to be one of the crowd.
The good people of Berkeley are in the slough of
despondency. Willing to be wicked they have been
buying what they thought was .whisky, and ahanalysis
proves that the wickeder barkeepers were seliing col
ored water.
; One of -our .local preachers is firmly convinced that
hell is a painted farce. He has probably not had oc
casion, to run for office and be beaten by' the other
fellow.
The proceedings before Unitc'd States Commis
sioner Heacock give reasonably clear evidence that
the safest and most profitable way of locating a rich
claim at Cape Nome is to win the favor of the honor
able United States District Judge in that city.
Hoff has found time, it is said, during his incarcera
tion in San Quentin to convert several of the prisoners
to the straight and narrow way. There may be some
thing in the suspicion that for lack of time he post
poned consideration' of his own case.
It is to be hoped that the mysterious rascal who
has been prowling the Presidio at night will remain
where he is. Uncle Sam's soldiers have a most ex
peditious and satisfactory way of dealing with of
fenders. *
The Washington, man who lost an election bet and
then hanged himself possibly thought that a man who
was so thoroughly a fool as to bet the "way he did
ought to remove himself from further temptation*.
English sports 'have reached the- conclusion that
Ame/ican jockeys use electrical appliances on their
horses.. The sports . are, mistaken; i it was they who
v*«re jolted — not the i;crse«. -
In considering this scheme it is to be borne in mind
that Chicago is also engaged in "an effort to bring
about the construction of a' deep waterway from the
lakes to the Atlantic through the" Erie canal or
through the St Lawrence. -^Should' both schemes be
successful Chicago would have an open waterway to
The gift, however, is to have a "string oh, it," as
the saying is. The canal is to be given only upon con
dition that the National Government convert it from
a drainage waterway to a ship canal of ample depth
and width to permit the passage from Chicago of
ships -of sufficient tonnage to engage in ocean . traffic
through the Nicaragua canal."
The discussion brings before the country a scheme
the enterprising people of Chicago have been medi
tating for a long time, and which it is now probable
they will urge upon Congress. The scheme has for
its beginning a notable act of liberality to the nation.
At a cost of about $33,000,000 Chicago has constructed
a drainage canal carrying the waters of Lake ; Michi
gan back to the Illinois River. Chicago now offers
to give that canal to the nation. It is to be a gift to
prove the national patriotism and liberality of. her
people, and the rest of the country is expected to re
ceive it with gratitude and admiration.
\A ERCHANT marine interests were discussed
/ \ at a banquet of the Commercial Club of Chi
. cago on Sunday night. The principal speaker
was a gentleman from Boston, Henry W. Pea
body, who set forth several objections to the Frye
shipping bill which, is now before the Senate and sug
gested how it should be amended. Then the Chicago
men took up the subject and advocated a plan by
which the shipyards of the lakes would have an equal
advantage with those on the seacoast in building ships
for" ocean traffic. It was stated by one of the speakers
that the linking of the lake trade, the coast trade and
the ocean trade could be attained by the construction
of the Nicaragua canal and the further construction
of a deep and wide canal from the lakes to the Mis
sissippi, through which lake vessels could reach the
gulf and the ocean.
CHICAGO'S GREAT SCHEME.
Belmont does not say that there are no occasions
upon which he would not be happy to send flowers to
Perry Belmont has retired in high dudgeon from a
Democratic club because his name was used on a
bunch of flowers ,sent to Richard Croker. But Mr.
"I hope my explanation la satisfactory."*
said Mr. Younghusband. as he concluded
a long narrative as to why he had been
delayed down town until 1a.m.
"Well." yawned Mrs. \oun«rhusband.
"your excuse -la fairly good, but It's not
as good as father used to make." — Boston
Courier.
Art Amateur— What a magnificent
Raphael you have there!
Art Collector— Not bad; .but you want
to see my Murlllo, by the same artist.—
L' Illustration.
"Do you think It will take, doctor?"
asked tho fair young bud who was being
"Well." replied the gallant doctor, "if it
doesn't take on such a pretty arm as that
I'll have no respect for vaccine here
after."— Chicago Record.
Mrs. Flannigan— Oi hear thot sthrappln'
Mrs. O'Rourke rules her husband wld a
rod av iron. i
Mrs. Finnigan— Sho do not: she towtd
me hersllf thot all she iver uses on him
is a rollin' -pin.— Brooklyn Life.
Teacher— Johnny, what happened to
Samson after Delilah cut his hair?
Johnny— He got fired from the football
team. — Baltimore American.
Mrs. Maternal— I ajan sorry you are go
ing back to Germany. Had I not better
get another music teacher for my daugh
ter?
Professor Von Note— Id ees nod neces
sary She knows enough mtineek to get
married on.— New York "Weekly.
"There's no usa mincing matters, my
dear; the fact is, you are not an expert
cook."
She— I think the trouble la that you do
not know what g-ood cocking Is.
He— And evidently you do not Intend I
shall ever become any wiser.— Boston
Transcript.
A CHANGE TO SMILE.
J. Al: Fillmore, manager of the Southern
Pacific, started for. Syracuse, N. Y., yes
terday to visit his father, who Is 84 years
old and in feeble health. Mrs. Fillmore,
who has-been East for some time, will
accompany Mr. Fillmore on his return to
the coast. :>. . • . ».":1 '. ¦
Mrs George B. McClellan and cousins,
Mrs. W. F. Fisher and Miss Alice H.
Fisher of Callstoga, are at the Lick, and
they will leave on the next steamer for
Honolulu", Mrs.' McClellan's 1 home.
Customs Surveyor Joseph S. -Spear Jr.
and Mrs. Spear will leave to-day for the
East, where they will spend the holidays,
dividing their time between New York and
Washington. V"'" :
R. Moeler of the Oregon Railroad and
Navigation Company and George H. Good
of Portland, accompanied by. their wives,
are at the Palace for a few days.
William T. St. Auburn and wife of De
troit are at the Occidental. Mr. St. Au
burn has some valuable mining interests
in this State.
Captain L. Dabretvorsky, commander of
the gunboat Glliak of the Russian navy,
was among yesterday's arrivals at the
Palace. k .
Ross C. Cline, Pacific Coast passenger
agent of the Wabash Railroad Company
at Los Angeles, Is in town for a few days.
"William Singer of the Southern Pacific
law department, and wife, have taken
apartments at the Palace for the winter.
Carlton C. Crane, Pacific Coast agent of
tho passenger department of the New
York Central, has returned from Seattle.
p r w". M. S. Beede, prominent as a sur
geon, is here from Stockton and registered
at the Palace.
P. M. Knehnrick, president of tho Los
Angeles Brewing Company,, is registered
at the Palace.
C. W. Pendletoh of Los Angeles Is at the
Grand.
Dr. C. W. Kellogg of Lakeport is at the
Grand.
"W. P. Thomas, the Ukiah attorney, .is
registered at the Grand.
V. A. Tapscott. attorney at Red Bluff,
is stopping at the Grand.
T. W. Hine, the well known Eureka min
ins man, is at the Palace.
S. Rummelsburg, the well-known Colusa
merchant, is at the Grand. -
George H. Whetford and wife of Walt
ham, Mass., are guests at the Palace.
John Barrett, ex-Minister to Slam. . Is
back at .the Palace again for a short stay.
PERSONAL MENTION.
It is of course not likely the American people are
worse than others in this respect, but it happens'we
have had a larger number of generous millionaires to
stimulate the craze for applying to them on-all'sort9
of petitions for coin; and so the evil is greater here
than elsewhere. Perhaps the publication of the ex
tent to which Miss Gould has been made a victim may
tend to check the beggars, and for that reason the
story merits a wide circulation.
It has been said that whenever a millionaire in this
country becomes noted for generosity men and
women from all parts of the Union take a special train
and start for his home. Of course this demand from
all sorts of persons and for all sorts of purposes im
poses a heavy burden upon the generous. Moreover
it tends to dishearten them in their work. To a
woman like Miss Gould receiving applications for coin
at a rate exceeding $1,506,000 a week it must seem as
if the whole American people were eager to "rake"
every private fortune in sight.
Upon that showing it. is clear that if. Miss Gould
should be responsive to all the requests 'made upon
her she would scatter the family fortune at "a rate ex
ceeding even that of Comte Boni de Castellane. It
would be more costly to meet the American demand
for money for enterprises and other things than to
buy all the bric-a-brac in Paris! It appears that in
the single week to which the circular "refers Miss
Gould was asked to furnish' coin for church fairs, li
braries, trousseaus, air pillows for soldiers, steamship
fares and peddlers' wagons. Thus it will be seen there
is no lack of variety in the American demand, and
some of it is about as fanciful as anything that ever
took the fancy of the Castellanes.
A BUSINESS man in the city of New York is
reported to have recently written to Miss Helen
Gould requesting her to advance money for a
certain enterprise, and to have received by way of re
ply a circular announcing that in a single week she
had received requests for $1,548,502, and scores of re
quests for sums not named. The total number of
letters delivered to her in the six days of the week
was 1303.
TAXING THE GENEROUS.
EDIBLE NESTS— Enquirer. Berkclty
Cal. j The edible blrdsnest la an Impor
tant "article of commerce between the
eastern islands and China, and of luxury
in China. They are the nest of several
species of swallow of the genus Colloca
lla. The best known of these birds the
Collocalia esculenta, is about four and a
half Inches in length, eleven inches in ex
panse of wing, dusky black above paJ e
ash color beneath. The nest Is shioed
like that of the common swallow and ad
here? to a rock, vast numbers being found
together, often in absolute conticuitv
The nests themselves are formed of srrass
seaweed fibers, small leaves, etc 'knd are
attached to the rock by a sort of bracket
made of a gelatinous substance, which is
really the part that Is eaten. This was
formerly thought to be made of seaweeds
but is now known .to consist of saliva'
which 'the swallow exudes from the sa«i
.vary.glapds under the tongue. The nests
are /collected by means of ladders and
often' by means of ropea, which enable
the gatherers to- descend from the sum
mit of a precipice like the rock fowlers
of. the north. -T.he gathering takes place
after the young-are fledgeoY, thrice In a
year. In the Chinese markets the nests
are rated at from $10 to $35 per pound ac
cording to quality, and they are of course
used only by the most wealthy, chiefly for
thickening rich soups. The nests weigh
about half an ounce each.
SEAL ROCK BRIDGE— Subscriber.
City. In 1S64 the proprietor of the old*
Seal Rock House constructed . a wooden
bridge from the site on which the Sea'l
Hock House stcod to one of the *seal
rocks unfrequented by seals. On the 6th
of April. 1884, while there were about fif
teen persons on the bridge some boys be
gan to sway it and it gave way under the
Ktndn, precipitating. all into the water
No one was killed or drowned, but several
were badly bruised. Since then no effort
has been made to bridge the rock.
MULTIPLEPOIN DING — Subscriber,
City. Multlpleppindlnf (pronounced mul
ti-pl-plnd-ingr) is derived from the old
French multiplie, manifold. It Is a pro
cess in Scotch law by which a person pos
sessed of money or effects claimed by, dif
ferent parties obtains from the court an
authoritative arrangement for the equit
able division thereof among the different
claimants. . It corresponds to what In
other legal systems is known as an order
of interpleader. ..-;-.; ¦.•,¦¦¦-.:
OLD BOOKS-O. C. t Wolf, Nevada
Countv, Cat If you have a copy of "Bax
ter's Saints' Rest." published in 1&49; also
a copy of the Bible printed In 17SS, "con
taining five books not Included in the
present Bible," you would better offer
th^m to either the State Library in Sacra
mento or any of the San Francisco libra
ries, and if they are of any value to
either an offer will be made for them.
ELECTION OF 1S60— E. W. S.. City.
The general election In 1S60 at which
Abraham Lincoln was elected President
was held Tuesday, November 6. The vote
of California at that time was: Lincoln,
3S.743;. Douglas. 38,093; Brerkinridge, 33.
973; Bell, 9136. The vote of San Francisco
was: Lincoln, 6819: Douglas, 40C0; Breck
inridge, 255S; Bc-11, 744.
TWENTY-DOLLAR PIECE— W. G..
Lindsay, Cal. A twenty-dollar piece is
sued out of a mint of the United States
has a total weight of 516 grains, of which
464.40 grains are pure gold, the actual
value of which is $20. In other words a.
twenty-dollar piece contains exactly V-J9
worth of pure gold. - r^ - .
BIRTHS— A Reader, City. It is not only
a custom but it is a law in the State of
California that all births shall tfe regis
tered. A record of such can belobtained
at the office of the Recorder of the coun
ty in which the birth occurred.
HOMING PIGEONS— J. S.. City. There
is a vaper devoted to homing pigeons that
!s edited by M. -MeBaln of this city.
ridge, 1605; Bell. 299. The vote of that
countv.ln 1S56 for Presidential Electors
was: Fillmore, 3SS6; Buchanan. 343S; Fre
mont, 941.
Public officers who engage in saloon brawls do not
have a tendency to increase the tone of our municipal
administration. It is to be hoped that Tax Collector
Scott has not started 2. fad in which local officials will
seek to shine.
There is now every prospect that we are to be the
means of preserving the integrity of the Chinese em
pire, and of maintaining the open door for com
merce. The usefulness of our late election in all
these matters cannot be overestimated. It has as
sured the rest of the world that President McKinley
has the substantial backing of the whole country, and
that it will support his position to the last, even
though a show of national power be required to
demonstrate his ability to make good his position in
the Oriental question.
That we have won in the policy preliminary to the
final negotiation is a promise that our reasonable and
just views will prevail in the final settlement. We
have tccurcd one thing of great value in all such mat
ters, and that is time. It will soften the first asperi
ties that naturally had place when the Boxer out
rages were fresh, and will put all parties to the settle
ment in a better frame of mind.
Some of the European powers have desired to
throw right and reason to the winds. Remembering
the treaty forced out of China in i860 by France and
England, when China had been deprived of free
agency by their military power, many Europeans were
in favor of every exaction which power can force out
cf weakness. Having China in a position where she
could not offer resistance, they desired to take ad
vantage of her desperate condition. The United
States, however, has preferred to treat that empire
as we would any other under the same circumstances
of helplessness and misfortune, as having rights that
2re not extinguished by weakness.
All other matters will be deferred for negotiation
¦with China. This reasonable result is a distinct tri
umph for American diplomacy. Our Government has
not for a moment relaxed its position in favor of right
end reason as essential elements of a final settlement.
It appears now that these matters have been aban
doned as precedent to negotiations, and the powers
have united upon only such matters precedent as the
location of the legations in the capital, the space
around them required for their defense and for quar
ters for their defenders, the legation guards, and the
delimitation of the Chinese residence portion of the
city in its relation to the legation compounds.
IT is now reported that the foreign Ministers in Pe
king have reached an agreement on all matter*
preliminary to final negotiations with the represen
tatives of China. It should be remembered that some
cf the powers insisted upon several things precedent
to negotiations that were regarded by our Govern
ment as out of place. They should be put among the
negotiable issues, and not treated as non-negotiable
and precedent. Among these was the punishment of
important persons charged with giving official coun
tenance to the Boxer outbreak; the amount and
character cf indemnity to be paid by China; the per
sonnel of the Chinese Government and its location,
and destruction of the Ming tombs.
PROGRESS IN CHINA.
The Passing Pelican. -
A year ago the bay of San Diego was
the pleasure ground of the pelican, but
fashion's demands for the plumage of
tnis bird has resulted in its extermination '
In this locality. Not a single pelican in
now to be seen on or near San Diego bay.
—SAN DIEGO TRIBUNE.
Thanksgiving in Tulare. v
Tulare County people will have occasion
to be grateful when Thanksgiving day ar
rives. The splendid rains Indicate a pros
perous harvest next season, and when the
grain fields, stock farms, citrus and de
ciduous orchards yield bounteously there
is nothing more to be desired, except a
living price for what we raise. — VISALIA
TIMES.
Wouldn't It Jar YouP
If you were Colonel Grlecom, our Charge
d'Affalres in Turkey, and you had been
dunning the Sultan regularly for a $100,000
bill, and finally you should receive an in
vitation to dine with his Majesty and you"
had gone with both pockets empty, ex
pecting to come home' with them full, and
then the Sultan, with a smirk, should
hand you only a letter -of congratulation
for President McKinley— wouldn't it jar
you?— STOCKTON MAIL.
Who's Afraid P
If anything appears in this paper you
do not like you are at liberty to reply to
it over your own signature, so long as
your language is that which the better
class of people can read with approval.
If you wish to "burn the editor up," fire
away. He will print such matter as free
ly and quickly as he will a personal puft
for office. We gag no one. The Journal
is open to all for the free discussion of
public matters that interest the people,
even if the editor himself is lambasted.—
SANTA CLARA JOURNAL.
Old-Time Wheat Crops.
With over five inches of rain before De
cember 1, we are sure of a good seasonal
rainfall, no matter what happens for the
rest of the winter, 1 and if there is anything
like an average rainfall, reasonably well
distributed, we are sure of an old-time
While voters are filling the air with
shouts of victory, the administration,
which has received as good as unanimous
indorsement, and the Congressmen elect
ed to back it, are doubtless considering
the more sober side of the subject— the
great responsibilities with which they are
charged. Order is to be restored in the
Philippines: Porto Rican and Cuban inter
ests are to be looked after, and the Chin
ese question is to find satisfactory solu
tion. Fortunately for the country there
is to be no changing of horses in crossing
the widening stream. The same cool head
with steady hand 1b to remain at the helm.
But the President must have the earnest,
Intelligent and patriotic support of Con
gress and the people if the best ends are
most speedily to be reached. — NAPA
REGISTER.
. The farmer is a royal personage. He is
the king of the soil, the ruler of the world.
Without him the scientist would soon be
come a fiend, and the artisan throw ZTis
skill and Implements to the dogs. He is
the bone and sinew of historical progress,
and while he wields his hoe and tills the
soil by the sweat of his brow he remains
a prince of the realm. All of the local In
dustries of Healdsburg are founded upon
his labors. The canneries, the packing
houses, cream-tartar works, wineries,
lumber industries, mercantile . pursuits,
manufactories, and all trades depend on
the success of the farmer. — HEALDS
BURG TRIBUNE.
Sober Side of Victory,.
The endowed newspaper may have a
field of its own wherein it may do some
good, but it is not likely that It will
ever exert much influence upon public
opinion at large, or that it will material
ly modify the character of American
journalism. After all the people will de
cide what they want and what \s best for
themselves, whether in government or
journalism.— SAN JOSE HERALD.
Farmer Is Kir^.
crop on some of the wheat lands that
have raised little or nothing for years.—
FRESNO REPUBLICAN.
The People Choose.
SPIRIT OF CALIFORNIA PRESS
Editorial Opinion From All Parts of the State
on Matters of Interest.
j THE CARTOONIST OF THE ST. PAUL PIONEER PRESS SEEMS TO
THINK THAT HAD COLUMBUS STARTED EARLIER HE WOULD
HAVE FOUND A YELLOW PEBBLE ON THE AMERICAN BEACH.
There is one broad difference between the case of
the Binghamton woman and that of Bryan. In the
woman's case there is a certain element of pathos
which will prevent unlimited hilarity, but in the
Bryanite case there is nothing beyond the ridiculous
pure and simple. With what eagerness did the astute
Democrats of 1806 hasten and hurry the work of
fusion. They tricked out Silver Republicanism and
Populism in garments so much like those of Democ
racy itself that none could tell one from another, and
they were delighted when their fusion brought about
in the public mind a hopeless confusion. For them
there can be no sympathy. They "mixed those babies
up," and now if they cannot tell one from another
the public don't care. It is a political farce of -big
proportions, and the laugh' is on the right side.
"The joke was a lovely one, but, as jokes sometimes
will, turned itself inside out into an alarming tragedy
when the mother discovered that the three babies,
which had been dressed alike for the hilarious occa
sion, had got their several identities inextricably en
tangled. Nobody could tell which from t'other, and
the denouement threw three- women and a nurse of
the usual comic opera intelligence into rapid
hysterics."
The story goes that a young wife in Binghamton,
who had just given birth to her first baby, thought
the occasion a good one to play a merry joke on her
husband; and accordingly she borrowed two other
new babies, placed them with her own, and on her
husband's return home presented him with the triplets.
The report continues:
REPENTANT Democrats who, after gayly plan
ning a fusion of Democracy, Populism and Sil
ver Republicanism, are now trying to get their
party separated from the mixture and straightened
out,- can perhaps find some comfort in a story from
Binghamton, New York, of a case in private life
having a misery parallel to their own. It is anothc
warnirrg of the folly of mixing things for the purpose
of practical joking, and since misery loves company
it may please the Democrats to hear of it. <r ''¦*'*-'¦ ¦;'¦¦<
A PARALLEL CASE.
Californian contractors will, by authority of Wash
ington, have the privilege of competing to supply
slate for the Fort Baker fortifications. When it
comes to slate of 'any variety Californians insist upon
being in on the deal.
TUESDAY NOVEMBER 77, 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS* Proprietor.
Address All Communication* to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
jaAyAOEB't OPTTICB . . . . .. . . . T?}**}}™* -T-'-f.* -TJ*- 1
PUBLICATION OFFICE... Market and Third, 8. F.
Telephone Freaa 201.
rDITOniAX ROOMS 21T to 221 Ste-renaon St.
Telephone Prei* 2O2.
Delivered by Carrier*, 15 Cent* Ter Weelc.
$fnRle Coplen, B Cent*.
Term* by Mall, Including: Pontagei
DAILT CALT- <!noludln« Bandar), one yeer $6.03
Da:LT CALL. (Inducing- Sunday). 6 months 8.00
DAILY CALL (inoluaing Sunday). 2 months 1.60
DAILT CALL— By Blntfe Month 65c
EUKDAT CALL, On« Tear 1-60
WEEKLT CALL. On« Year 1.00
All psstmutrn Are authorised to receive
Mnb*crlptlona.
F^rripU copies will be forwarded when requested.
MaJl eubecr!b«rB In ordering chang» of address should be
particular to r«ve both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE HIS Broadway
C. GEORGE 1CKOGXESS.
Manager Foreign Advertising, Marquette Buildinjr, Chicago.
(Loec Di»tane* Telephone "Central 2619.")
NETT TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTOS Herald Sanare
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN D. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NETT TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf- A rtorla Hotel; A. Brentaiio, 31 Cnlon Square:
Murray Hill Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Bherman House: P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
yremoct House; Aadltorlum Hotel. *
WASHIJfOTOX (D. C.) OFFICE 1400 G St., N. W.
MORTON E. CHASE, Correspondent.
BRAJTCIT OFFICES — S27 Montgomery, corner of Clay, opsn
until t-JSQ o' clock. 300 Haj-es. open until 8:30 o"clock. 633
McAllister, open until 8:30 o'clock. 615 LArkin, open until
8:30 o'clock. 1M1 Mission, open until 10 o"clock. 2261 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1C96 Valencia, open
until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW. cor
ner Twerty-aeoond and Kentucky, open until 8 o'clock.
days of Jefferson to the .days of Cleve
land, and to clear it3 skirts of the taint of
Populism and silver Republicanism, is a
recrudesence of secession. There is no
part of the Union to-day which is rnoro
strongly imbued with the national spirit
than the South. There is no part of the
Union to-day which more earnestly de
sires the welfare of all than the South,
and It Is from the very catholicity of their
views," a catholicity and wideness which
is probably caused by the proximity of
the disturbing element of the negro vote,
that they are able to appreciate the ne
cessity for the keeping alive of true Dem
ocratic principles.— RICHMOND TIMES.
Trans-Pacific Cable.
The feasibility of a direct trans-Pacific
cable is now assured. Last year the con
tention was made with much circum
stance that because of the Challenger,
Tuscarora and other "deeps'* it was im
possible to lay a direct cable connecting
the United States with Its various posses
sions, but a roundabout route," by way of
Russian and Japanese territory, wout.l
have to be adopted. We exposed at tpa
time the fallacy of this contention, in full
confidence of the result of the survey of
the-ocean bed, and that confidence Is now
vindicated. The official survey proves the
practicability of laying a cable from Cali
fornia to Hawaii, and thence to Guam an-l
to the Philippines. thu3 connecting all our
Pacific possessions with a cable exclu
sively under our own flag.— NEW YORK
Protection of Forests.
The decision of a Federal Judge that
the act authorizing the Secretary of tho
Interior to make regulations for the pro
tection of forest reserves is unconstitu
tional, because, in effect, it delegates lec
islative power to an administrative ofii
cer, may be good law', but it outrage
common sense and is mischievous in its
consequences. It throws the forest re
serves open to the sheep men and defeats
the very purpose for which the reserves
were made. Unless regulations for th>»
protection of forests can be enforced, the
water-saving capacity of the reserves wi'.l
be destroyed, and calamity will surely
come to the agricultural regions a<ljact-nt.
If the decision stands. Congress must leg
islate directly and adequately for the pre
servation of the forests, and do it prompt
ly.—PHILADELPHIA NORTH AMERI
CAN.
American Mastery. *
The United States by Its limitless mate
rials and boundless opportunities for in
dustry had for more than three centuries
been drawing from Europe its keenest
and strongest spirits. In successful con
tests with nature, in pushing aside weak
er races, in struggles fo» freedom and na
tional unity, there has been developed on
this continent a people whose average of
energy was the highest in the world.
Having expanded over their own conti
nent, the American people began uncon
sciously to prepare for the economic mas
tery of the globe. America-has for more
I than twenty years been the granary from
! which Britain has been fed. Now Ameri
can manufactures are competing with
British, not only in all neutral markets
but also in British markets. It now re
mains only for America's merchant ma
rine to spread its sails once more, and tho
deed is done.-CHICAGO INTER OCE^N.
PHIA RECORD.
The Southern View.
We deny that the spirit of the Southenr
people which makes them seek to placo
the grand old Democratic party on the
original basfs that made It great from tho
Political Future of Cuba.
The indications for the political future
of Cuba are promising: and there never
was a time in the history of the island
when. the prospects were so bright for the
prosperity of the people by the develop
ment of Its industries and natural re
sources.—BUFFALO COMMERCIAL.
Gradual Disarmament.
The possibility of a jrradual disarma
ment, which should finally unhorse the
soldier whom the European workman
now carries upon his back, was nrmly
fixed In the world's thought by the con
ference at The Hague. Such beneficent
ideas do not die. Some time that vision
of peace and freedom will be realized, and
when that day cornea the Czar Nicholas
will stand high among the world's great
benefactors.— BROOKLYN EAGLE.
Hurtful Fads in Schools.
Until parents themselves shall have rec
ognized the fact that the minds of their
children are weakened rather than
strengthened by fruitless efforts to
achieve the Impossible thore will be no re
form. On the contrary, the evil is grow
ing-"-The influence of faddists is con
tinually brought to bear on the school
boards and the Legislature for the addi
tion of some new branch of study to the
overburdened list. We shall never have
the best results of common school educa
tion until there shall be a powerful move
ment for a reduction of the number of
studies and study hours.— PHILADEL-
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
IN VARIETY
As for the army, Senator Jones is to be firm "in
opposing its use in strikes and labor troubles, and
will therefore oppose any increase in its size, except
for use abroad. No one has ever asked an increase
of the army for use in strikes and labor troubles. Tha
law says for what the army may be used, and henv.
Its use in domestic disorders has been twice found
necessary, and neither time by the Republican party.
For its- use in the strike of 1894 we beg to refer Mr.
Jones to his fellow Bryanite, Hon. Rkhard Olney of
Massachusetts, and for its presence in Idaho, at
Wardner, to the Populist Governor of that State,
Hon. Frank Steunenberg.
With characteristic inability to see an improper
analogy, the Bryan leader links the revival of our mer
chant marine, to be general in its nature, with the line
subsidy formerly given to the steamers of the Pacific
Mail and the Collins Company. What is needed now
i= encouragement of American ship-building by
American labor in American shipyards, just as the
Government aided and encouraged the construction
of our important American railway lines, to give to
Arkansas and the whole "Union its matchless system
of inland and overland transportation.
As a practical scheme this has had no equal since
the man sat on a limb and killed himself by sawing
it off between himself and the tree. If our merchant
marine were "able to take care of itself," as Senator
Jones asserts, why has it fallen so low since 1861?
Why is it now in deep water tonnage about where
it was 100 years ago? If it is able to take care of it
self, why does not Arkansas capital move to the sea
board and build ships? Why do not the maritime
States of the South Atlantic coast and the Gulf, in
the section represented by Senator Jones, proceed to
build and sail ships? The opportunity to take care
of themselves in that respect is open to every South
ern seaport from the capes of Delaware to the Rio
Grande. Why don't they do it? Why does the Gov
ernor of Georgia proclaim that Southern cotton finds
no American bottoms in his own great harbor of
Savannah to transport it to its foreign market? *
Upon this subject the Senator proposes to be ve
hement. Jones is impressive in his calmer moods,
but when he rises to vehemence the spectacle is ap
palling. He files notice of vehemence in opposing
the Hay-Paunccfote treaty. That treaty is made
necessary by the existence of the Clayton-Bulwer
treaty. Mr. Jones, who is opposed to an increase in
the army and to expenditures for the navy, with; a
mole-eyedness that is characteristic, proposes that we
shall build, own, fortify and garrison the canal. This
of course includes the fortifying and garrisoning of
the shores of Lake Nicaragua. ' As to the measure to
re-create our merchant marine, the Senator proposes
to be "vigorous" in opposition. He declares that ou:
shipping interests should take care of themselves. He
is not impressed by the fact that Japan is our equal
on the Pacific in merchant tonnage. His policy is to
have the United States build, own, fortify and garri
son the canal for- the use of foreign merchant ships.
He does not care that only 9 per cent of our deep
water commerce is carried under our own flag. He.,
wants to invest hundreds of millions in building the
canal, and other hundreds of millions uselessly in
protecting it, as a highway for the ships of cither na
tions carrying our commerce! Then, in the event of
war, the canal will be closed to our trade because we
have no ships of our own to carry it!
Within a foreign jurisdiction, in an alien state,
Nicaragua Lake will be a part of the can.il. Will M".
Jones have us own and control that large body of
water? The only ownership and control must re
late to its shores. We cannot embark in the owner
ship of a large water property that has no banks, no
shores, under our control. Will Nicaragua consent to
our ownership of the lake, and will she and Costa
Rica consent to be cut in two by the canal, and be
divided by a strip of the United States laid across
them?
As was to be expected, it ii a policy of mere oppo
sition. The party indicates no policy of its own. It
will merely oppose whatever the Republicans propose.
Pretending opposition to Imperialism, Senator Jones
pioposes to erect an empire within a foreign state by
asserting sovereignty over the isthmian We de
sire to know whether the constitution will follow the
flag in that case? He wants the canal and all its works
under the flag. Will the people there, necessary to
the operation of the car.al, be permitted consent of the
governed? Will they be- erected into a Territory?
Will they have a delegate in Congress?
SENATOR JONES, the Jnfallible Forecaster
General of the Bryan Democracy, is again in
evidence with a programme for the coming
session of Congress. ' ¦
AN OPPOSITION POLICY.
The reports of the discussion at the Commercial
Club banquet were too brief to give us any clear un
derstanding of the arguments by which the two
measures were linked together. If the Chicago men
deem the Frye bill to be adverse to their interests they
are mistaken. At the present time the lake tonnage
and the ocean tonnage of the country are separated by
natural obstacles., and it would be folly to postpone
building up our ocean marine until we can "link" the
ocean and the lakes. Chicago should support the up
building of our ocean marine now, and if it be found
feasible later on to furnish her with an open water
way to both the Atlantic and the Gulf of Mexico, the
project will be considered on its merits.
both the Atlantic and the gulf, and would hold a poti
tion unrivaled in th« country.
Great plans of that kind are attractive to the Ameri
can people, and Chicago will lose nothing in prestige
by making vigorous effort* to carry them out. There
is no apparent reason, however, why either of them
should be made a part of the merchant marine bill, or
why the Chicago people should antagonize the bill
because it does not directly give aid to the Chicago
scheme.
. TEE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., TIJESPAY, NOTEMBER 27, 1900.
6
No grippe, no pneumonia in the early winter,
those who build up their systems aXter the hot
season by usinar DR. .SXEGERT3 An*oaturj
Bitters.
The best Mver "medicine. A vegetable cure fc»
liver Ills, biliousness, indigestion, constipation.'
Dr. Sanford's Liver Invigorator.
Leaving; San Francisco dally at 10 a. m.. via
Central Facifle. Union Pactflc and Chicago ana
Northwestern railways. nn<J arrtvtnu at Chicago
at 9:30 a. m. the third, day." A aolld vestihaled
train of superb splendor,' carrying Pullman
double drawing-room sleepers, dlningr car and
buffet smoking and library car. San Franc!»co
to Chicago without change. Only four days t»
New York and Boston. If you want luxury
and comfort combined with speed and safety
take the "Overland Limited."
If You're in a Hurry Take the ''Over-
land Limited,"
The London Dally Mail i»ays that the
days of the banjo are numbered In Ens-
land and that that Instrument will soon
be included in the same category with tho
mouth organ and the accordion. The
zither will -probably be the favorite In-
strument during the coming winter.
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tho
Press Clipping Bureau (Alien s>. alO Mont-
gomery st. Telephone Mala 1042. •
TownsendTs California glace, fruits. SOc a
pound, in flre-ctcned boxes or Jap. bas-
kets 639 Market. Palace Hotel building. •
Choice candles, Townsend's.Palace Hotel.*
AUCTION SAXES.
By Wa. G LajT.g— This evening, November IT. at 7:45
O'clock. Thoroughbred TearllriKs. at 721 Howard street.
AMUSEMENTS.
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house— "Die Wallruere."
Alcaaar— "Seven-T wenty-EiBht." *
Columbia The Sinking Girl."
Tlvoll — "A Jolly Musketeer."
Alhambra — Herrmann, the Great.
Calif ornla^Haverly'* Minstreli.
Olyiapla. corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Theatei? — Vaudeville every afternoon and
— ulna
Fischer' b— Vaudeville.
Mechanics* Pavilion— Masquerade Ball Thanksgiving Even-
ta*
Tanforan Parfc— R»ce« to-day.He Has a Double.
William Harris was acquitted by a Jury
In Judge Dunne's court yesterday, on a
charge of burglary In the second degree
preferred against him by Mrs.' Mary Hef
ernan.-who- resides : on Mission , street,
near Ninth. .Though Mrs.- Hefernan Iden
tified the defendant at first as the" man
who entered her premises, she testified to
the Jury,, that on her^way. to the ' court
yesterday ¦ morning ; she 'v saw a man 'i who
•lso looked like the man who robbed' her
home. ¦" And,"- she said, "I am ; not - sure
now which Is the, thief, th» prisoner here
or the man I saw on the street". An ac
auittal was the result.
THE LUNDS RESUME
MARITAL RELATIONS
Serious Charge Preferred Against the
Wife Is Dismissed by
Consent.
William Lund, the aged capitalist, and
his young wite have aealn assumed mari
tal relations at their home, 2716 'Webster
street, and the charge brought by the hus
band against the wife, which gave prom
ise of being a cause celebre, was by con
sent dismissed by Judge Cabaniss yester
day. , i
About 11 o'clock yesterday ex-Judge J.
F. Sullivan, for the husband, and Attor
ney Kothchild. for the wife, appeared be
fore the Judge and' the former made a
motion that the case be dismissed/as the
two principals, had agreed to live together
again and no one was harmed. Attorney
Rothchild remarked that he would have
preferred to go on with the case, as he
was satisfied that Mrs. Lund would have
received -a complete vindication, but ne
was- satisfied. that the case be dismissed.
The Judge," in dismissing the case, said
that he had placed no credence upon the
evidence of: the "two shameless women-
Mrs. Jeannette Petersoa and Mrs. Mar
garet Martinez"— and if the other evi
dence of the prosecution had. been of the
same keyhole variety there -would have
been • little chanc«- of proving the allega
tions in the complaint „ ¦
The attorneys unofficially Intimated that
the divorce proceedings would also be
withdrawn.
rine Band of Italy, which has been per
forming at the California Theater for the
past two weeks with indifferent success,
was made in Judge Cabaniss' court yes
terday morning, wnen the search warrant
case of Channing Ellery against C. Nor
della to secure possession of the music
belonging to the Dand was heard. .
D. (Jianninl, the singer who accom
panied tne band, testified that the music
oelonged to him; Nordella was simply act
ing under his directions, and he produced
a contract between him. and Kllery,-en
tered Into in Fhllaaelphla, where the band
was formed, whereby Ellery was appoint
ed manager and was to receive 50 per cent
of the profits. The Judge decided that
In view of the contract he would have to
award the music to Nordella as represent
ing Giannini and he made an order to that
eftect. ! :¦
The band has now split, Ellery having
eighteen musicians, with Cignor Ninolltt
as leader, and Giannini twenty-four, with
Guiseppe Crcatore as leader. Both will
start for Philadelphia at once »
Members Adjust Their Differences in
Judg-e Cabaniss' Court on
Search Warrant.
The final appearance of the Royal Ma-
FIN AX APPEARANCE OF
ROYAL MARINE BAND
.Master ! of Transportation Richardson
yesterday received an official report of the
cause of the accident to the "Owl 1 '- pas*'
sengor train near Cornwall Sunday. A
rail was found to have-been broken com
pletely In two. . The story that the rail
rested upon a decayed tie is denied by Mr.
Richardson, who, took special pains to in
vestigate and learned that , the tie was,
in fact, a new one. It had become
loosened by the recent heavy rains ana
sank under the weight of the, train, leav
ing the rail •unprotected/;" .
-The claims department of the company
vas busy ' all day endeavoring to offset
possible suits for damages growing out
of the wreck. One settlement, of -$100 was
made for* damage done .to a passenger »
clothes.' Other minor claims were, speed
ily settled, bo that the road will probably
escape belnjr called upon to pay big acci
dent claims;
Denies Story That a Decayed Tie Was
Responsible for the "Owl's"
Mishap.
RICHARDSON SAYS BROKEN
BAIL CAUSED ACCrDE
POLICE RAID FARO GAME
IN BURLINGTON HOUSE
Five Men Are Arrested and a Com
plete Layout Is Secured as
Evidence.
The police, as well as other people, have
been aware of the fact for some time that
faro games were being played in the city
and every effort has been made to locate
the place where the pastime of "bucking
the tiger" was indulged in.
Sunday morning Captain Seymour was
notified that a game was going on in room
14 at the Burlington House, 6ua Market
street, and he detailed Detectives Dillon,
Crockett and'Coleman to watch the place
and make a raid if they found that the
information was correct. The place was
carefully watched all Sunday, but theru
was no evidence to warrant a raid.
Yesterday morning a young policeman
was sent to room 14 and the three detec
tives quietly followed him. After he had
entered the detectives knocked for admit
tance, but it waa refused. They began to
force open the door wncn it was unlocked
and they entered. They found Frank
McDonald, a brother of Todd McDonald,
the well-known gambler, seated at a faro
table with a complete layout in front of
him, including "phony" rolls of bills. Mc-
Donald was arrested for conducting the
game and Ed Brooks, C. J. Stetson. Frank
Loud and Charles Davis were arrested as
visitors. McDonald had $535 in his pocket
when searched at the City Prison and he
put up $100 ball for himself and $20 for
each of the other four. The layout was
booked as evidence against them. The
table folded up and was- contained in a
valise specially made for the purpose.
LACKMANN HAS
NO PREJUDICE
AGAINST MELONE
Sheriff Declares He Drew a
Venire at Request of
Judge Seawell.
The opening gun in the suit brought by
ex-Judge William T. Wallace against
Drury Melone,to recover nearly $10,000 for
services rendered as attorney was fired
in Judge Seawell's court yesterday morn
ing, and the report of the initial proceed
ings reverberated down the corridors of
1 the City Hall and made interesting gossip
for those employed within the shadow of
the imposing dome. |
The case had been set for trial yester
day, but owing to the court h.aving a case
before it, the hearing was postponed until
Friday. The lirst meeting of the parties
interested was amusing to the spectators
who crowded the courtroom. \ James G.
Maguire, attorney for Melone, placed
bheriff Lackmann on the witness stand tor
the purpose of showing that the Sheriff
was prejudiced against his client. Betore
he finished interrogating his witness, how
: ever, he withdrew his charge and ad
mitted that he had been rnlolntormed.
It appears that Judge Sea well appre
ciated the Importance of the case, and he
ordered a special venire to issue. He sent
for Sheriff LacKmann and asked that ottl
cial to attend to the matter personally.
He also directed the Sheriff to secure tho
best men in the city and not to report the
names to the court until the morning of
the trial, lie further cautioned the bner
lft not to inform any one as to those se
lected by him to appear in court.
Counsel for the defendant were not
aware of the care taken Dy Judge Seawell,
and they entered the courtroom ready to
ask that the venire be set aside upon the
ground that the Sheriff was biased and
prejudiced against Meione. When the
case was called Judge Maguire stated his
motion, and E. S. Pilisbury, attorney for
Judge Wallace, said he had no objection
to tne examination of Lackmann. lie even
went so far as to say that if the Sheriff
had bias or prejudice in the matter he
wanted the jury excused. ¦
SnerirT Lackmann was interrogated at
length by Judge Maguire. The latter
asked the witness whether he had' con
sulted anybody about the jury, and/ the
Sheriff said he had not. He stated that
he had attended personally to securing
the venire. Melone's counsel then asked
the Sheriff whether he had shown the
names to anybody, and again the witness
replied in the negative. Sheriff Lackmann
then told how Judge Seawell had sent for
him and requested him to attend to the
matter personally and select the best men
he could find In the city, and he had car
ried out the court's Instructions to the
letter.
Judge Maguire next asked Sheriff Lack
mann whether he was acquainted with
Judge Wallace. He said he was not; he
only knew of him as a Judge of the Su
perior Court. The witness was then
asked whether he had any partiality for
Judge Wallace, and again the witness
answered in the negative. He also said
he had never served as a Juror in Judge
Wallace's court.
"Well," said Maguire, "have you ever
had any particular relations with Judge
Wallace?"
"The only thing T can think of." replied
Lackmann, "was the time he ousted the
Board of Supervisors of which I was a
member." The quiet reply created much
merriment, and Maguire decided not to
interrogate the witness any further.. He
gracefully acknowledged that he had been
misinformed, and Lackmann withdrew.
Judge Sea well then denied the motion
to quash the venire, and set the case for
Friday morning. The testimony in the
case is exuected to be sensational. The
amount in dispute is alleged to be due
Judge Wallace for legal services rendered
many years ago in various contests fol
lowing the Issuance of a series of interest
bearing bonds for the city of Placerville
Melone is defended by Judge Maguire and"
Henry S. Dibble. They deny the alleged
indebtedness, and set uj> a counter claim
of nearly $60,000. The "defendant's attor
neys purpose showing that this sum was
npent at the direction of the plaintifT for
the purpose of obtaining the approval of
the bond issue by tho Legislature.
Cape Nome and the trials and tribula
tions of its miners again occupied the at
tention yesterday of United States Com
mig&ioner Heacock and opposing attor
neys. The only witness of the day was S.
C. Houghton, who related in detail the
tangled legal history of the Topkok mine,
one of the rich properties over which
Alexander McKerlzle obtained control by
favor of Judge Noyes. The story told by
Mr. Houghton showed how fictitious
claims were brought into court and with
out justification were recognized.
Receivers were appointed under absurd
ly small bonds, macninery was shipped to
the mine and gold was, taken out as
quickly as possible. The plan of opera
tions differed in no essential respect from
that adopted in conntction with other
mines.
S. C. Houghton reviewed the history,
troubles ana litigation of the Topkok
mine anterior to the arrival of Judge
Noyes. The witness outlined the various
alleged attempts ot- depredators to rob the
mine, operating upon it even after orders
had been given to suspend ail mining and
troops hau been stationed upon it 10 en
lorc-tt the command. All ot these facts
were objected, to Dy Geary, as tney haa no
bearing on juage Noyes, who nau not
yet arrived in isome. Hougnton replied
that he believed that direct application
would be snown. He tnerefore declared
that one of tne jurors wno had aeciUed
against the lopkoK mine was a stiiiuon-
Keeper and was appointed foreman ot tue
urund jury by Juuge Xsoyes.
Tnen came the active participation of
Juage Noyes and tne beginning ot the le
gal fight for the appointment of a re
ceiver. Several men made demand of the
court for possession or tne mine and the
appointment ol a itceiver. Houghton ue
ciared that these men had absolutely no
ngnt to their claims, 'iney were a«pr*
autors, rpbDers and perjurers, he said. The
MopkoK people nieu tneir answer, Dut
juuge Isoyea appointed a receiver, thus
declaring that tne piamtiffs in tne case
possessed a strong probability of winning
the suit.
In reciting the Incidents Mr. Hougnton
gave very detailed reasons for his oellef
mat Judge Noyes had made a grievous
error. But William ti. Cameron was ap
pointed receiver, the date of the order be
ing August 8. "1 have very reliable in
formation," said Mr. Houghton, "that Mc-
Kenzle asked Mr. Mclntyre to act under
McKenzie as receiver. Mclntyre refused
and McKenzie then asked Attorney Griltln
to accept the' position. Grittln also de
clined." '- ' ¦ .-•-•. ¦/¦ '-
Houghton then produced a stenographic
report . of a conversation which he had
held with Griffln in reference to the
efforts made by Alexander McKenzie to
induce Griffin to accept the minor position.
This conversation lett no doubt thit Mc-
Kenzie was on terms of the greatest inti
macy with Noyes. When Receiver Came
ron was appointed he set to work to ex
tract from the mine the largest amount
of gold in the smallest amount of time.
This is one of the most serious allega
tions which has been made in connection
with the .appointment of receiverships for
the various claims.
The case will be resumed this morning
at 10 o'clock. ' .-''¦- ¦- ; v
Thieves Operated Under the
Authority of tbe L^w
and Court.
HOW RECEIVERS
LOOTED MINES
OF CAPE NOME
The Southern Pacflic Wants
I to Compete With the
Clipper Ship3.
The Southern Pacific will attempt to
compete with the clipper ships that
handle coke and cast Iron pipe. Hereto
fore none of the railroads have catered
to this particular commodity and the re
sult is that the Atlantic seaboard has
profited to.no small extent. By cutting
rates the Southern Pacific hopes to be
able to draw away at least a part of the
freightage which is now handled almost
exclusively by clippers.
Beginning about the 15th of December a
new rate will go into effect. In place of
the commodity rate for coke, which was
$11 per ton of 2000 pounds from the Mis
sissippi River, a special rate of $10 50 per
ton has been fixed from all points In the
Pocahontas district, West Virginia, to
California terminals, such as San Fran
cisco, Sacramento, StpcKton and Los An-
From the New River district to the
same points in California a similar rate
or $10 60 has been Iixed, while from the
Durham, Ga., district to the same points
in this State a special rate of I'J 20 per ton
has been fixed.
The blanket rate of seventy-five cents
per 100 pounds, or $15 per ton, for cast
iron pine from Chicago to California term
inals has been annulled and instead a
special rate for certain districts has been
adopted. From St. Louis, Memphis and
New Orleans, Birmingham, Gate City,
the Platt mines and other Eastern points
the new rate is sixty cents per 100 pounds.
From the New York pier via the Gulf
routes a rate of fifty cents per 100 pounds
has been nxed, which is a cut of twenty
live cents, while from Pueblo, Colo.,
thirty-seven cents and a small fraction is
charged, instead of fifty-six cents.
Manager Sproule says the cuts are not
brought about by any special condition
or rivalry v.lth any particular water line.
The railroad simply wants to get a share
of the Iron 'and coke freight traffic and
In order to attract buyers and consum
ers a very low rate is offered.
RAILROAD CUTS
FREIGHT RATES
THIS MAN, WHO HAS "J. W." TATTOOED ON HIS LEFT FOREARM,
SHOT HIMSELF THROUGH THE HEAD IN AN EAST-STREET
LODGING-HOUSE WITH A SPANISH REVOLVER.
BLUNDERS.
XIII. HOW TO AVOID COMMON
In the Use of Nouns.
It will be convenient in our discussion
to group common grammatical blunders
under the various parts of speech.
Nouns are words used as names. The
first practical thing to be noted about
them is that in the usage of good writers
some nouns begin with capital letters
while others do not. This distinction in
practice is based upon the classification
of nouns as common and proper.
A common noun is a name common or
applicable to all objects of the sameklnd
— aa house, boat, book, river, kln&aom.
Common nouns, when written, begin with
small letters. A proper noun Is the name
of some particular object, to distinguish
that object from others of its kind— as
Gray Gables, Oceanic, Bible. Nile, Spain.
Proper nouns, when written, always be
gin with capital letters, so also do worda
derived from them— as America. Ameri
can. Americanism.
The next practical observation to bo
made about nouns relates to the subject
of gender. Gender is a classification of
nouns according to the sex of the objects
for which they stand, a word denoting a
male object being of the masculine gen
der, a word denoting a female object be
ing of the feminine Render. In most cases
gender in our use of language may be
said to take care of itself, most mascu
line nouns being unconsciously referred
to by "he," "his" or "him": feminine
nouns by "she," "h»rs" or "her." In the
cpse of a few nouns, however, blunders
are frequent; therefore we give a list of
words of different genders that are some
times confounded or otherwise misused:
Masculine. Feminine,
abbot - abbess
actor actress
administrator administratrix
adventurer adventuress
bachelor spinster, maid
buck doe (fallow Jeer)
bullock heifer
czar czarina
. drake • duck
duxe ducnf>ss
earl countess
executor executrix
Francis Frances
gander goose
god • goddess
heir heiress . •
hero , heroine
host • hostess
Idolator ldoiatres*
Jew Jewess
lion lioness
marquis marcnioness
monk nun
prophet propnetess
stag, hart hind (red deer)
sultan sultana,
tiger tigress
waiter waitress
wizard witch
The next practical subject relating to
the correct use of nouns Is number. Num
ber is a difference in the form of a word
to distinguish objects as one or more
than one. The form of a word that de
notes one object la called the singular
number. Tne form of -a word that de
notes more than one object is called the
plural number. Number has an Import
ant practical bearing on the use of pro
nouns, verbs and the words "this,"
"these," "that" and "those." At present,
however, we confine ourselves to the
question of how the plural form of a
noun is made from the singular. The gen
eral rule, based on the practice of the best
writers, may be stated as follows: In
modern English most nouns form the
! plural by adding "s" to the singular. The
following variations from this reguiar
rule are important:
1. When the added sound of "s" makes
an additional syllable "es" is used: as.
I box, boxes; church, churches.
i 2. Nouns ending In "o." If the final "o"
I is preceded by a vowel the plural is
j formed regularly. 1. e.. by addina; "s": a>.
cameo, cameos. If the final "o ' is pre
ceded by a consonant, the tendency of
modern usage is to form the plural by
adding "es": as. hero, heroes; potato, po
! tatoes. The following common words.
j however, seem still to form the plural by
j adding "s" alone:
canto memento solo
duodecimo octavo Btiletto
halo piano torso
junto proviso tyro
lastto fiuarto
3. Nouns ending in "y." If the "y" is
preceded by a vowel the plural Is reg
ular: as, valley, valleys.
If the "y" Is preceded by a consonant.
"v" Is changed to "i" and "es" Is added
to form the plural: as. lady; ladles; city.
' cities.
: ?. Plural of nouns ending In "f." The
following nouns ending with the sound
of "f" change "f" or "fe" to "v" ana add
"es":
beef elf knife life self shelf wtfe
calf half leaf loaf sheaf thief wolf
5. Plural of proper nouns. Proper nouns
when made plural are not changed inter
nally: as, Henry. Henrys 1 : Nero, Neros.
Proper names" preceded by titles, as
"Mr. Smith," "Miss Smith." "Colonel
Smith." are treated in two different ways.
We say "the Mr. Smiths," "the Mrs.
Smiths," "the Miss Smiths," "the Colo
nel Smiths"; but we also say" the Messrs.
Smith." "the Misses Smith" and "the
Colonels Smith." * •'-' - ...
6. Plural of compound nouns. Most com
pound nouns form the plural by adding
the proper sign of the plural to the fun
damental part of the word— 1. e.. to the
part which is described by the rest of the
phrase; as, ox-cart, ox-carts: court-mar
tial, courts-martial; aid-de-camp, aids-de
camp. When no single word is fundamen
tal o .s in "forget-me-not." the sign of the
plural is put at the end: as forget-me-nots.
Words like "spoonful." the compound na
ture of which has been almost forgotten,
also take the sign of the plural at the
end: as. spoonfuls, cupfuls. "Man-serv
ant." "woman-servant" and "Knight
Templar" often and the. plural sign to both
words: as, men-servants.
Caution — "Brahman," "Mussulman."
"Ottoman" and "talisman" are not com
pounds of "man." They resemble "Ger
man" and "Norman." and form the plural
by adding "s." as Mussulmans.
7. Letters, figures and other symbols are
made plural by adding an apostrophe and
"s" Cs): as. "There are more e's than
a's in this word"; "Dot your l's and cross
your t's."
8. Some nouns have two plurals which
differ in meaning:
brother brothers (by birth), brethren (of a
( society).
die dies (for coining or stamping), dice
(for ?lay).
fish fishes (separate fish), flsh (collective).
Index indexes tin books). Indices (in alge
bia).
penny pennies (separate coins), pence (sum
of money).
shot shots, (discharges), shot (balls).
6taff sta\es (Doles), staffs (bodies of as
sistants).
9. Some nouns of foreign origin In com
mon use have peculiar number forma:
Singular— Plural—
alumnus (masculine) alumni
alumna (feminine) , alumnae
analyris • anal;-*es
anlmalculum anlmalcula
antithesis antitheses
I bacterium bacteria
beau • beaux (or beaus)
cherub cherubim lor cherubs)
crisis crises
curriculum curricula
datum . • data
genus (meaning "class" renera
I geniuses (persons of
great ability)
genii (spirit*)
hypothesis hypothese*
oasis oases
parenthesis parentheses
rhenomenon phenomena
eerarh seraphim (or seraphs)
stratum strata
tableau tableaux
thesis theies
One of the most common blunders con
nected with the use of nouns Is the Incor
rect writing of 'what i3 called the posses
sive case — l. e.; that form of noun that de
notes possession: as, "This is Harry's
ball." The practice of the best writers Is
as. follows: In the singular numbor the
possessive noun is formed, as a rule.. by
adding an apostrophe and "»" ('«); as.
,'The boy's coat." Often the pronunciation
of the added "b" makes a new syllable. If
this additional syllable makes an unpleas
ant sound the "s" is omitted, but the
apostrophe Is retained: as. "For goodness*
sake." If the "a" is sounded, it is always
written; and if it is written, It should be
pronounced In reading. The putting in ci
the leaving out of the "s" In such cases
is chiefly a matter of taste. Whenever
th«ra is doubt It is well to add the "a": aa.
HOW TO DO DOUBLE ENTRY.
"Horace's odes," "Charles's bajl.'* *TMcSt«
ens's 'David Copperfield.' "
In the plural number, when the plural
already ends In "s" (as It usually does),
the possessive case Is formed by addln?
an apostrophe alono ('): as. "Boys' shoea.
The possessive of those few nouns whosa
pluxal does not end in "s" Is formed, as
in the singular number, by adding aa
apostrophe and "a" ('»): as, "Men'a
shoes." •
The possessive case of compound noens
and expressions used as compound nound
is formed by adding the proper sign of th«
possessive to the end of the compound:
as^ "That Is my sister-in-law's pony.";
"This is the Prince of "Wales's palace. -
"When two or more persons possess a
thing In common, the sign of the posses
sive is attached to the last name) enly : as,
"John and Mary's home."
Separate ownership is indicated by a&S-
Insr the sign of the possessive to each
name: as. "Alice's and Jessie's dressos."
In forming the possessive of "anybody
else" and "who else" usage is divided and
inconsistent. The weight of jrood usago
seems to incline to "anybody else's"; but.
on the other hand, we usually say "whoso
else."
It Is sometimes a question whether to
use the possessive case or a phrase be
ginning with 'oV'—l. e.. whether to say
"Arnold's treason" or "the treason of Ar
nold." The tendency of the best modern
usage is to confine the possessive case to
nouns denoting living beings, and with
tnem to use it only in instances of actual
or Imagined possession, as "Arnold's
sword," "the treason of Arnold." Yet
some short phrases, like "a week's
wages," "a day's march." "a dollar's
worth," "at death's door," "for pity's
sake." are supported by the best usage.
With pronouns still greater latitude Is al
lowed. No one hesitates to write "on
vour account,"* "in my absence," "to their
credit," "for my sake," "In his defense."
Note— Credit tbe cash account for the amount
of the check and charge Mils payable with th«
same amount. Th«re was an outstanding lia
bility In the form of a note and we hav» pall
It In cash. It was of little consequence to u»
who held the note, so that no entry whatever
is made In Miller's account.
Note—Debit the cash account and credit bills
receivable, account. The student will note care
fully that no entry la made here In Perkins'
account. He really doesn't owe us anything,
but he owes a note which w« hold. The not*
might have, pased entirely out of our hands and
hare been collected from Perkins by tome one
else. •
"9. Gave our check to Karl Miller In full
payment of the promissory note ($878 *r>.
which he received from us In payment for
goods.
8. Received from Clarence Perkins his
check in full payment of the promissory
note ($783 50), which we accepted In pay
ment for goods.
7. Sold Roods Invoiced at $642 S3 to
Charles Brown; received In payment his
promissory note for $273; balance on ac
count.
Note — Credit Roods account and charsr*
Brown with the full amount of the safe; then
credit Brown with the amount of the nota
and charge the same amount to bills recetv
able.
6. Bought Roods Involved at $723 35 from
James .Parker: pave In payment our prom
issory note for $350; balance on account.
jfote — You have already had a «ale, with a
part payment In cash. In this transaction tW»
part payment Is by promissory note and the
bills payable account Is credited Instead of
the cash account. Begin b» debiting thp roods
account and crediting Parker with $723 IV.
then charge Parker with $33) and credit Mils
payable with the same amount.
Xote— Consider the check as cash. It Is
really an order on the bank (that Is. upon our
safe) to pay the cash. Chaxgre Parker with JIOO.
Xote— Thl» Is a continuation of th» series of
exercises, the first Installment of which was
published In The Call on November 13. Th»
Idea of these exercises Is to teach the princi
ples of double entry. to young 1 people who have
already some knowledge of accounts.
Transactions.
1. (Student) commenced business having'
on hand cash $S«7 73; gcods.$325 S3; Charles
brown owes us $136 40. and we owe James
Parker $327 30.
Note — Open an account under your own
name. Credit yourself with your resources.
There are three items— cash.' good* and Charles
prown. Charge (debit) yourself with your debta
or liabilities; there is one— the debt due James
Parker, liavlnt entered these Items In your
own account you proceed to enter them In the
several accounts affected. Cash will be charged
with $S67 7a, goods will be charged with IU25 83.
Brown will be charged with J12S 40 and Parker
will be credited with $C27 30.
2. Boupht good3 Invoiced at JS76 40 from
Karl Miller: gave in payment my promis
sory note for the full amount.
N»te— This Is a new form of transaction; note
It carefully. The goods account will be debited
with |S78 40 and Miller's account cred!t«l
with the same amount. We now open a new
account which we shall call hills payable. This
account Is credited with $S7S 40 and Miller' s
account U debited with the same amount. If
we had given Miller cash we would have cred
ited cash and charged him: we charge him Just
the same, but instead of crediting cash w«
credit bills payable. Millar's account balances,
and the beginner may ask why we opened It
at all when he hold? a note against us for th»
full amount. Schools with no knowledge of
business affairs teach to omit Miller's account.
This must not h-c done, for the bookkeeping
that does net give a complete history of the
transaction Is very poor bookkeeping. As a
matter of fact. Millar's account U- fully paid
up. but we have paid it. not In cash, but by
creating another liability which Js out against
us and which Miller may sell at his pleasure.
We had a transaction in Lesson So. X. la
which a receipt was given for borrowed money.
Now. a receipt differs from a note In th!s par
ticular: It Is not negotiable— that Is. not
transferable. A receipt cannot be bought or
sold, and hence Is never either a resource or a
liability.
3. Sold poods invoiced at $789 50 to Clar
ence Perkins; received In payment h^s
promissory note for the full amount.
Xote— This transaction Is the opposite to> No.
2. 'Here we receive a note In our own favor,
called a bill receivable. The goods acciunt Is
credited with J7S9 50 and Perkins" account Is
charged. We then crertlt Perkins with the full
amount— that is. the face value of the note —
and charge our bills receivable account. As
In the last instance. Perkins' account balances",
and the only purpose In making the entries la
to show the complete hlst.iry of the transac
tion. The bill is In a sense paid, because w>
may sell the note to our bank or in some other
way dly^ose of it.
4. Received from Charles Brown his
check for $173 to apply on account.
Note— The check Is considered cash: debit
your cash account and credit Charles Brown.
5. Gave James Parker our check for $200
to apply on account.
Copyright, 190O, by Seymour Eaton.
NIGHT SCHOOL COURSE,
NIGHT SCHOOL: HOW TO DO THINGS.
Found Dead in a
Water Front Lodg
ing House.
A STRANGER about whose Identity
there appears to be some my*
tery committed suicide yesterday
morning in the Dewey Houso.
S2 East street, by shooting him
self through the head with a 32-callber
revolver.
The stranger went to the lodging-house
last Sunday night and took a room, giv
ing his name as K. Walsh. After he re
tired nothing more was seen of him until
2 o'clock yesterday afternoon, when a
bed-maker named Parker looked through
the keyhole and saw him lying on the bed
with his face and head covered. %lth
blood. The door was forced open and th<»
stranger was found alive but unconscious,
with a revolver by his side. He had shot
himself back of the right ear. The Har
bor Hospital ambulance was sent for, but
the man died before the hospital was
reached.
The suicide wore a new suit of clothes,
and looked like a Cuban or a man of
Spanish extraction. There were found In
his pockets three Spanish coins, one, a
silver five peseta piece of 1892, another a
two rcalcs piece and the third a silver
coin dated 1792. The revolver was a
email-sized weapon with a white bone
handle, and of Spanish manufacture.
There were found also a check and pro
gramme for the Orpheum of November 20
and a ticket of the Cafe Roval "Social
Club," "Good for one drink, sandwich or
cigar." On the left forearm of the dead
man were tattooed the Initials "J. W."
He was ebout thirty years old.
STRANGER SHOOTS HIMSELF
WITH SPANISH REVOLVER
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, ITOTBMBEB 27, 1900,
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
7
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Soap in stick form; con-
venience and economy in
shaving.
It is the best and cheap-
est shaving soap in all the
world. *
An sorts of people u»e Pears* soap, all •arts
of stores sell it. especially druggists.
Weekly Call, $1.00 per Year.
SPECIAL SALE I
OF
Ready-Made
Dresses.
For two days we offer Spe-
cial Bargains in Fine Tallor-
Made Drisses-this season's
best styles.
Fine All-Wool
jijp% Venetian Cloth
££$ Eiouse Dress.
*©>A Blouse all silk
J^t^. lined, has the
new flare eklrt —
[\ . \ a good $20 value:
I Lr-t Vl blacks and na-
\ 1 1 • 1 Special sale
\r^ $12.50
r\ Fine Tallor-
i \ Mads Pebble
j \ Chevot Dresses
/ 1 \\ Blouse or Jacket
/ / \\ eilk lined: new
/ / \\ style Bklrt. all
/ / \\ Bilk Hned-a WO
/ / \\ value -
/ / \\ Special sale
<-l — y $22.50
Elegant Model Dreisss.
Ma<3e of the finest cloths: richest tailor
finish: no two alike: J40 to $55 values.
Special sale price,
$32.50 to $45. oo
Rainy-Day Dresses.
1 3 blacks, tans, browns and navys;
Eiouse or Eton styles: finest plaid back
cloths — the kind that will not shrink In
the rain; all sizes. .•;¦»;¦¦
Specially priced,
$13.50 to $22 50
¦
Kelly & Liebes'
Cloak and JSuit House,
12O K EAR NY ST.
SOMETHING TO BE
THANKFUL FOR
On Thanksgiving day besides a good din-
ner and plenty of "cheer" la an exquisite-
ly laundered phtrt. collar a.nd cuffs that
has that fine domestic finish and immacu-
late color that the United States Laundry
puts on it at all times. Your linen always
gives perfect satisfaction when it Is done
up by our improved methods.
Domestic finish for full-dress shirts if
you order it. No saw-edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4 Market Street
Telephone— South 42O.
Oakland Offlce-62 San Pablo Ave.
LION
Just struck a tremendous flowing well.
Holders of this stock or of any other com-
pany in the Sunset District should send
their address to this office and get our
WEEKLY BULLETIN with full particu-
lars of the development of this well and
all others in the district. We have an ex-
pert on the grounds constantly. "v. V' 1 •
James R. T. Mershon,
537-53S-539 Parrott Building.
• PROMOTER
"LION." "MONARCH," "J. S. POTTS."
"PRUDENTIAL." "SUNSET CEN-
TER." "VESUVIUS" and the
"TIGER" OH Companies, all
In Sunset District.
After-Theater Refreshments.
The completeness of the arrangements
made for your entertainment in the Sup-
per Rocm can be estimated when it Is
known that the attributes responsible for
the popularity of the Grill Rooms are in
evidence here. Delightful music, prompt
rervice, moderate charges. Open every
evening (Sundays excepted) from 9:30 to
12 o'clock. Entrance from the court and
main office.
Palace Hotel Supper Room. .
DR. CROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For the cure of GONORRHOEA. GLEETS,
STRICTURES and analogous complaints of the
Orirsnt of Generation.
I'rlo »1 a bottle. For i>ale by druesrlst*.
AMUSEMENTS.
*TI¥J1LS*
TLL HAVE A SPANISH GUNNER!
THIS IS THE SECOND WEEK
Of the Great Comic Opera Triumph.
A JOLLY
MUSKETEER!
With Its Wealth of Melody and Mirth.
SPECIAL MATINEEJHVnKSGIYING DAY.
Evenings at 8. Matinee- Saturday at 2.
POPULAR PRICES 25c and 50c
Telephone Bush 9. ,
. Thursday Night Students of University ol
California Will Attend— Special Programme.
FI^fHFR'^ CONCERT HOUSE.
* Mme. Gabriel Stlrval: Mae Edgerton Davis;
Corlnne, in "Historical Antique"; Olive Vail
and Argyle Tully; Irene Franklyn: Ouhama.
the Jap and Harry H. Walton. Special matinee
Thanksgiving. Reserved seats 25c.
MOROCCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
MAURICE GRAU OPERA CO.
FAREVrELL WEEK.
DER RINQ DES NIBELDNGEN,
OVacner).
TO-XTGHT «t 7:45, "DIE WALKUERE"
— Gedeki. Schumann-Heink. Ecbeff, Olluka..
M«o->U1. Bemi. liauermeieter. Van Cauterea.
tridewe'J and Kori.ca; Van byck. Blabs and
Bltphaxn.
To-morrow nisfct. at 7:45. ••EIEOFRIEry—
Echuir.jum-Helnk. Scheff and Nordlca: rHpP'1.
Blepkajn. BIass, Hubbenet and Ed. de Reske.
(.Conductor lor all "KING"' Performances,
Mr. Walter Damroeefa.)
Thursday. November 28. at *:15 (by request),
•1-A BOHEME"- Melb*. BcheJI. Saieza. Glli-
bert, Joumet. Dufriche. M&slero and Campa-
r-irt. Condurtor. Mr. Manclnelll.
Friday, at 7 :J*-"tiOTTKRDAEBiIMERrXG"
—Dlppel. Muhlmann and Ed. de Reezke; Eu*an
6trc>nj?. Schumann-Helnk. Scheff. Bridewell ana
Jv'r^rfiir-ji. Conductor. Mr. 'Walter Damroech.
Saturday at J. Farewell Matinee— "LA TRA-
VIATA"— Melba, Van Cauteren. Bauermeister.
Oairranarl. Bars. Dufriche. Gtltbm and Cre-
tnrnir.i. Conductor. Mr. Manclnelll
PR1CES-S! to 17. Branch Ticket Office Em-
f-orium.
Saturday evening. December 1— Extra Per-
formance— "LOHENGniN"-<3a<lfkl and Schu-
tr.ann-Helnk. Van Dyck. Muhlmann. Dufriche
and Bias?. Conductor. Mr. WaUer I>amrosch.
SPECIAL PRICES for this Pet forma n re— Or-
chestra and 3 Front Rows. Dre«s Circle. B:
Pr»>e« Circle (last 3 row*), Ji; Family Circle. *3;
Gailery. 12. Boxes. |M, IS, $30; General Admis-
t ¦ •¦. t2.
Sunday. Dec 2— Popular and Farewell N!ght.
"RIGOLETTO \"
Suzarne Adams. Bauer. Bauermeister. Van
Csuteren »nd Homer: SaJeza Journet Gllibert.
rniJriche. Vivlani. Maelero and Sootti.
PRICES— 11. $2, $2 50, «.
Boxes. $13, J15, jiS. General Admlrsirm Jl-
WEEF.lt PIANO USKU.
GRAND OPPPA HOU55E
. MONDAY EVENING NEXT, DEC. 3.
REOPENING of the Dramatic Season.
FIRST APPEARANCE cf the
OLIVER LESLIE CO.
Every artist direct from New York.
In a, eurerb rroductlon of
THE PRISONER of ZENDA
First time at popular prices.
10c. 15c, 25c and 5Oc.
A few front row* in orchestra. 75c.
SEATS OX SALE TO-MORROW.
Branch ticket cfflce — Emporium.
L v. it; fiiKTSr^i/J^ IK4DIMO
6PECIAL THANKSGIVING .MATINEE
THURSDAY.
TREMENDOUS TRIUMPH
Scored last nlsrht by
...ALICE NIELSEN.,.
Ani the Alice Nieleen Opera Co.
Direction of Frar.k L. Perlev.
™« } ...THE SINGI3G OWL.
" EBK ' By Herbert. Smith and Stange.
w E X ek1 THE FOR! USE TELLER
AGAIN WE WE£E JAMMED!
HAVERLY'S
MASTODON MINSTRELS
T7ith GE02GE Waltz Ms Again WILSON,
HAVE INDHEP MADE A BIG HIT.
BEMBKBER, 6PECXAX. ifATIXCE THURS-
DAY (THANKSGIVING DAY*.
Rop-Jlar Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
Foot tell n'.pht, tx-ah universities. Thursday.
Commencing next BuuAay afternoon, second
and la« w<?ek, HAVERLTB MINSTRELS.
Km ire cher.ee of programme.
IT
A VAUDEVILLE BILL WITHOUT A FLAW!
JULIUS P. ¦WTTMABX, DUPONT
AND I/OTHIAN,
ANNE KEXYVICK. MALLORY BROTHERS
AN1» BROOKS!
THE GREAT WALDON,
f-TELUNO and KKVEL.L.. OON'DITT and MO-
KEY. MAKTINE HROf!.. IONE
MarLOUTH.
Re?erv<-'d FratF. 2-'»c: Balcony. 10c; Opera
Chairs end Box Seat?, f.Oc.
ilatlne*!- W»><ln»^day Hatur«lajr and Sunday.
SPECIAL MATINEE
THTTRSPAT (THANKSGIVIXG DAY).
.ALF EI-LINGHOUSE rrop. and Manager
PHONE SOUTH HO
.-_<»>. Oh. my'. What a reception
•' t: 'T*- | ."i^** ' a5t nlpht! Z>1% people tested
t3%&& our capacity to the very
&3s%*-- Tfi walls — mystified tyyond con-
M*,!*.^* trol. The Magic Wonder
W^i \ HERRMANN
VA;^«8i'- J V THE GKEAT. accompanied
Wj-feSSB 3 */ kv the srreat musical won-
TSlBlli / d-rs. THE 5— NOSSES- 3.
2 ~ S&J .; All Thi* Week-Mat. Satur-
/VR- <5a >- FPETIAL MATINEE
SSS2S<2»S THANKSGIVING DAY. The
* " RiK Nipht — Thursday. Nov.
T'. N«-i-fr Hffire at Popular Prices. Evenlne—
1^-. rs«\ ".<-. h"r and Tfc. Matinee — ISr. 25c. J.ic
end TAc.. Next Punday Afternoon— THE RAY'S
Howlin* Burce!*, "A HOT OLD TIME."
Greater, Grander, More Funny Than E\ - er.
fl¥HEATRE^A>
TO-NIGHT AI \ D vIf£E RE
Extra Matinee ThanksjiYing Day!
Au«ru«tin Daly** Laughable Play.
SEVEN-TWENTY-EIGHT
REGULAR MATINEES— SAT. and SUNDAY.
Next Week— David Bclauco'i Charmin* Jap-
anese Story.
"MADAME BUTTERFLY."
THE TALK OF THE TOWN!
EAGLES'
MASQUERADE
BALL!
MECHANICS' PAVILION :
THANKSGIVING EVE.
ADMISSION - - ONE DOLLAR.
THE SAN FRANCISCO JOCKEY CLUB,
TANKOIUJT PARK.
Initial meeting Monday. Nov. 19. to Saturday,
Dec 1. Inclusive. 61x or more race« each week
day. Six stake ev«ntt, one hurdle race anJ
two BteeplechaKt flrrt two weelft. First race
of the day at 2:10 p. m. Train* leave Third
and Townsend etreeta for Tanforan Park at 7.
10:40. 11:30 a. tn.. I, l:J0 and 2 p. tn.. lolIoweJ
after the laet race, at Interval* of a. few mm-
tu>«. by several specials. Kttr cars ret;r»-e/.
Jor ladies and their escorts. Admission t> t'^t
course. Including railroad fare. I1.2S.
D. LTNCHPRINGLE, Secretary.
RALPH H. TOZER. Racine Secretary.
AD V^ranSEMENTS.
FREEDOM FROM BAGGY KNEES
Is enjoyed by the wearers of trousers made; by
un and our Scotch friends who don't wear any.
Just come and examine our all-wool trousers.
MADE TO ORDER
$4.50, $5.00, $6.00, $7.00, $8.00.
They cannot be duplicated elsewhere.'
SLITS.
Cut in style. Guaranteed to flt.
$13.50-$4fr.00
1110 and 1112 Market «t., . ,
201 and 203 Montgomery at. (
Ean Francisco, CmL
143 S. Spring bL,
Los Anteles.
JOB POHEIM. THE TAILOR-
A TTTTRn«nKTg»r«i.Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
November 71 71 70U 70U
-December.... 71 71«-i . 70** 70%
January ....'71*4 71% -71 ml
Corn No. 2—
Novemter 46 60 4$ 49
December 36% 36% 36H Z6K
M o^;- N0.-2-"- 36> * 36 * . «? .
g e °cc e m^ e r r .::::::::: i$ f 2 % §8 s$
May 24U 24'J 24 24
Mess Pork, ' per bbl-'
November .... .... n 00
January ....12 10 12 40 12 07V4 12 20
May .......12 00 12 20. .1197?? 12 05 .
Lard, per 1C0 lbs — ¦ ,
November ......... 7 074 7 12H' "t 07tf 7 10
December.......... 7 02Vi 7 10 7 O2V4 : 7 05
January 6 8iH « 90 ' 6 87% 6 90
May 6 95 7 00 6 95 6 85
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
November .... , 7 75
January 6 35 6 37H 6 32'A ' 6 35
May .6 37H. 6 42% 6 37V* 6 37V4
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour dull
and steady: No. 3 spring wheat, C6Uc No 2
red, n^Q'ZVtc: No. S corn, 46@49c; No.8 yel
low. 46®49c; No. 2 oats, white, 26*Ac;: No 3
white, 24*«I26Vic; No. 2 rye. . 45Ucl fair to
cholie malting barley, 67@58c; No. l.flaxaeed
Jl 6iQl 63; No. 1. Northwestern, $1 63*4; prime
timothy seed. U 20@4 80; mess pork, per barrel
Jll&ll 25; . lard, per 100 lbs. - J7 10@7 20' short
ribs sides (loose), $6 75®7 75; dry salted should
ers (boxed), 6%@6%c; short clear sides (boxed)
J« 8D@6 85; whisky, basis of high wines, U 27
clover, contract grade, |10. ' . '
during the latter part of last week was dis
tinctly overcome to-day, and prices resumed
their upward course. The advance was by
ro moans uniform, the striking gains being
confined to comparatively few stocks. In 6ome
Btock?! the resistance was not great
enough to prevent them holding their vvrn.
while a small number, by positive weakness.
pave a f-'.icht Irregularity to the market. The
course of tvtoea was by no means determined
at once. Bear traders operated on the short
elde of the market for a considerable period
after the opening. They made the argument
that the holders of stocks were Inclined to sell
on Saturday on strength resulting In the bank
6tatement, hut lt was not long before they
discovered they had a email following this
morning. There were rumors flying about the
board that prominent bear operators of last
week had been taking up long stock again.
Notable strength In particular stocks, accom
panied by ixinors of change of cytrol, helped
the market, and the bears were anally driven
to cover. While the strength In the market
was renewed, there was by no means the large
volume of buelnefts which has been the average
tor over two weeks past. Bear manipulation
was evident not only here but In foreign mar
kets. A settlement was In progress on the
London Exchange and In Berlin; but rumors
of the Czar's death, of threatened complica
tions in China and of International friction
KTOWlng out of the Kruger demonstration In
France did not aid the bears much In forcing
lower prices. London was a large buyer In
this market, fales at that account being esti
mated at 20.030 Bhares. Southern Railway
Btocks were In Fpeoial demand. Many rumors
¦were current of developments In the company.
Including an alleged lease to the Pennsylvania
and a coming increase of dividend i No au
thoritative tanctlon could bo had for any of
these rumors. The common and preferred
stocks advanced an extreme 3 points each.
Strength was radiated first to the Southern
group and then to the Southwestern, and in
some striking gains were recorded. Both the
preferred stocks, on which dividends are paid
or are earned, and* the low-priced common
stocks, for which dividend prospects are re
mot* at the beet, were affected alike. The
weekly earning* reported to-day on some of
the** systems showed sharp decreases from
lart year's corresponding period, notably in
Missouri Pacific and Denver and Rio Grande.
Nevertheless these stocks held a prominent
place in the advance. Gains In the group ran
from 1 to nearly 3 points. The more North
erly Grangers came Into the movement, es
pecially/ Burlington, but did • not -show siich
marked etrenrth. The leading Fpecialtles were
very strong. Including Sugar and People's Gas.
The local tractions showed a. -rood recovery,
and Consolidate Gas was conspicuous with a
rise cf 4*^. .The 'steel stocks were decidedly
.unsettled, eteel and wire showing acute weak
tipfs at times. Reports were current of cerious
controversies between the ¦ great ' combinations
in the trade. Amalgamated Copper gave way
on account of the meager details of the divi
dends and resources of the company, contained
In the statement to the " Stock Exchange to
secure the admission of the stock to the un
listed department. The drop fcl this stock and
a dippoeltlon to realize made the 'tone of the
closing unsettled and nrices " were below -¦ the
best, but the gains la the railroads were well
maintained. :
Money continued easy here and hardened in
London, resulting in higher rates for Sterling
exchange. . ¦ ¦ ' '-•*
There was very large buying of Southwestern
bor.fis. The market otherwise was strong and
quite active. .
Total sales, par value, J4.130.tW.
United States refunding 2s, when Issued, and
NEW YORK, Nov. 26.— The reactionary ten
dency which weighted on the stock market
New York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
CHICAGO, Nov. 26.— The gain, of December,
corn over May from a discount a week ago
of &c to a premium of >{c to-day was a
feature, but Mr. Phillips and November corn
were the centers of attraction on the Board of
Trade to-day. November opened 1 cent over
Saturday at 4Cc. Phillips bid that flguro and
kept it up with additions until the market
touched &0 cents, the highest price since June,
1835. when corn on the merits of the legitimate
situation ascended to £3c. It marks an ad
vrwee since one month ago to-day of 13%@13%c
Shorts were Intensely nervous, but Mr. Phil
lips, who is credited with being In secure
control, was placid. Of the Ell cars received
to-day but lifty-one graded contract and private
elevators delivered to public houses over Sun
day only 60,000 bushels. These facts, together
with the sustalnins by the committee of Mr
Phillips' rejection of two cargoes of "doc
tored" corn, were responsible for the young
corn king's confidence and the agitation among
shorts. At 50 cents, Phillips let out Co 000
bushels. Between 49 and 50 cents he is credit
ed with liquidating 100,000 bushels. He pur
chased that much early, and possibly more
The market during the afternoon touched 47Hc"
but reacted and closed 4c higher at 49c. There
was a strong demand from shorts for December
and considerable liquidation of May. Decem
ber sold between 36%@3C»ic and closed Hfi-Vc
higher at 36%<a36'/4c.
Wheat was noticeable chiefly for Its dull
nrse, a condition due to the Impaired wire ser
vice. which^?urtailed news reports and the
loss of friers to the superior attraction of
corn and to the approach of the Thanksglvlne
hollday. The tone of the market throughout
was easy under the Influence of Indifferent
cables, an Increase of 182,000 bushels passage
\ h .%> Vy J* U9s ] an ar >d Danublan shipments!
,-£?ti?\ a u d , a d< l crea » e »" the visible of only
123.000 bushels, where a much larger decrease
had been exrtcted.' December opened He to
HS Vic lower at 71o to 70%©71c. sold between
70^4o and 70V4Q7OHC, closing *igu c down, at
<0-.%®iC%c.
In oats there were only a few trades In the
way of cbansrlnf- December for more deferred
futures. The market was dull and neglected
In favor cf corn. December closed a shade
down at 21%®21T»c
Provisions were easy on th« heavy run of
ho-cs and a slack cash demand. The market
was poorly supported by bull leaders and the
packing interest sold November lard freely
on all bids. Later the market turned Btroni
on a enarp commission house demand for pork
and In sympathy with . the com strength
Most of the bulge was lost, however, on profit
taking. January pork closed 12U C up and
January ribs unchanged.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
"'Los Angeles Vegatables' arrived In bad order,
and - Drices we're : not 'as i high ' as they ; othewlse
would have been. ' There waa do chane« la Po-
BEANS— Bayos. $2 65®J 75; Small .White. »4@
$4 20; Large '. White.'. $3iff3 25; Pink, *2@2 20;
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; »V.ellow
Mustard. > nominal; -•• Flax, $2 25@2 40; ' Canary,
3Wc psr lb for. California and 4o for ISastern;
Alfalfa, ; 7V4«?9V4c; Rape. * 2V4®3c ; Hemp, 4@4iic;
ri DRIE^J PEAS— Nlles.' $2©3 50; Green, }2 25®
2 7S> per ctl; Blackeye, $2@2 50. Bfift
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Beans : continue ' firm • and . In good demand
under light receipts/Several sorts are -still
higher. ¦ ¦¦'.: . : =>•.
Beans '. and* Seeds.
, FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled ' , Barley, 115 50@16 50
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. »25@26; Job
bing, K6 60; Cocoanut Cake,' $17018; Corn Meal,
J2&&27; Cracked Corn, J26 50@27 60; Mixed Feed.
fl&fill BO.- 1 •'•' 'TV -¦' •¦¦'¦!-¦¦* •¦¦-..-¦' >^'
HAY— Volunteer. J5@8; VTheat. -$ll©13 60;
Wheat and Oat,. »1O®12 50; r Oat. . f@U 60;
Clover, *5@7;- Alfalfa, 16 60@8 SO; Barley. |7O
9 Der ton.» , ' v
STRAW— 85@4Bc per bale.
-J1G C0@19 50 per ton
MIDDL1NGS-
Hay Is quiet . and : steady at previous prices,
with light receipts at. the moment. Feed
stuffs stand as before.
BRAN— J14C15 60 per, ton. ",
Hay and Feedstu ffs.
MILLSTfcFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs: Rye Flour, %2 75; Rye
Meal. $250; Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal. $2 75;
txtra cream do, $3 60; Oat Groats, $4 50: Hom
iny. $3 5iKa3 75; Buckwheat " Flour. , $4@4 25;
Cracked Wheat. $3 50: Farina, J4 DO; . Whole
Wheat Flour. $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels). J6®
7 25; in sacks. *5 76S7: Pearl Barl*y, »5; Split
Peas, $5; Green Peas, (5 50 per 100 lbs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 «0®
S 75, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, 13.4003 60;
Oregon and Washington, IS 75©3 10 per bbl for
family and (3 15@3 50 for bakers' ; Eastern.
$4 75@5 75 Der bbl.
Flour and Millstuffs.
CORN— California Yellow. $1 10@l 15; Cali
fornia White. $1 15©1 17*4; Eastern Yellow,
$1 15; White. $1 16; Eastern mixed, $1 15 per ctl.
RYE-J0«S2V»c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at Jl 75®2 per ctl.
White, $1 ai'iM itO: Surprise, nominal; Red,
{1 20® 1 30 for feed and $1 35@1 40 for »eed; Gray,
nominal; Black, for feed, $1 12V4@1 20; for *eed,
n 20s 1 30 p«r cti.
CALL BOARD SALES,
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No rules.
Second Session— May— 2000 ctls, 73Hc; 4000,
73V4C.
Hegular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session— December— 20W) ctln, 72*ic;
8000, 72Hc; 2000, 72**c.
OATS— The market continues stiff, especially
for red, though prices show no change.
Informal Session— 9:13 o'clock— May— 2000 ctls,
$1 04; 2000. $1 C3"4. December— 10.000, S7c.
Second Session— May— 16,000 ctls, $1 03%. De
cembei- — 6000, 96"ic
Regular Morning Session — December*— 18,000
Ctls, 96*-f,c. May— 12.000. $103%; 6000, 1103%.
Afternon Session— May— 8000 ctls, Jl 03»-;. De
cember-2000, 96%c; 2000. 9614c.
BARLEY— The market continues dull and
weak at previous prices.
Feed, 73*-i?i75c for choice bright. 72V4c for'No.
1 and 67Vi©'70c for oft grades: Brewing and
Shipping grades, 80@85o: Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
"WHEAT— Liverpool was quiet and steady.
Paris advanced. New York etood about the
same
Chicago opened firm and unchanged, with a
narrow market. The American visible supply
increased 1.GS8.000 bushels. The world's ship
ments for the week were as follows: Russian,
246,000 quarters; Danublan, 81,000; Argentine,
82,000.
The local market was dull and not materially
changed.
Spot Wheat— Shipping,. 97V4c; Milling, $1@
1 C2& per ctL . •¦_ .
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — %i 82'4
Sterling Exchange, sight — - 4 S6
SterlinK Cables — 4 87
New York P'xchange, sight „ — 5
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 7^
Fine Sliver, per ounce — 63"»
Mexican Dollars, nominal 50H (f ol
Exchange and Bullion.
FORECAST.
The pressure has risen rapidly over the
northern half of the Pacific SJopo. and has
fallen slouly over Arizona.
The tf-mixTature has remained nearly sta
tionary throughout California, except In the
northern part of the Hacramento Valley, where
lt has ristn about 10 dfgrees. From Eureka to
Hostburp there has bevn a fall of fc degrees or
more.
Xo rain has fallen over the Pacific Slope,
exi cpt In Pouthcrn Utah.
ForocaFt maie at San Francisco for 30 hours,
ending mldnlsrht, November 27. 1900:
Northern California — Fair Tuesday; light
northerly winds, with fosr alonpr the coast.
Fouth<-rn <"allforiiia^ — Fair Tuesday; light
northerly winds.
Nevada— Fair Turc<Jay.
T.'tali— Fair Tuesday.
Arizona — Kalr Tui-sday.
Sa.B Francisco and Vicinity — Fair Tuesday,
with light for; lipht northerly winds.
ALEXANDER G. JicADIE.
Forecast Official.
£an FYanclsco Data — Maximum temperature,
£€; mlninium, CO; mean, 53.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
I Last I This Last
STATIONS. j;t Hoursj Season. Season.
Eureka | 14.39 16.10
Ked Bluff 6.L9 6.33
Sacramf-nto 1 6.C6 6.9S
Francisco I 5. 85 7.E.8
Fresno j 4.9S 3.38
Ind<-j>cnd>-noe ....I 2.14 l.*;2
Saa Luis Obifpo S.66 6.64
lx>s Anzdesi 6.73 2.50
t^a-n Diego 1.70 1.2S
• A moderate inquiry was noted for choice and
fancy grades of evaporated apples at old pri-es.
Offerings, however, were scarce at these fig
ures, prices being held %@lc higher. The un
dertone of the market was steadier. Stat-»—
Common, 4£j5c; prime, 4*i@5Vic; choice, 5' / 3«/Cj;
fancy. Cg<Hc. California dried fruits were In
active.
PnUNES-3H98%C.
APRICOTS-Royal, ll«T14c; Moorpark,' 1C«J21c.
PEACHES-Peeled. l€®20c; unpeeled, CigSc.
DRIED FRUITS
WOOL— Quiet.
COFFEE— Spot Rio, quiet; No. 7 Invoice,
7%c; mild, quiet; Cordova, 9Hftl3*4c. Futures
closed firm, with prlceB 20^25 points net higher;
total sales, 79,250 bags. Including December,
$6 10JT6 15; January. $6 25: February. S6 35;
March. J6 4(Kf6 45; May, $6 50®6 lb; July, SG 6<>®
6 65; September, J6 65Q6 75; October, $6 70S6 75.
SUGAR— Raw, steady: refined, quiet.
BUTTER— Receipts, 6227 packages: stua'.y;
creamery. lS@25c; June creamery, lfHgZle; fac
tory. 12@16c.
EGGS— Receipts, 6779 packages; steady; West
ern regular packing, at mark, 20@23>4c; West
ern, loss off, 26c.
HIDES — Quiet but firm.
#¦ *
NEW YORK. Nov. 26.-FLOUR-Recelpt9,
26.016 bbls; exports, 8666 bbls; moderately ac
tive and steady without" quotable change from
Saturday.
WHE AT— Receipts, 98,975 bushels; exports.
123.606 bushels; spot, easy; No. 2 red, 7Sc t.
o. b. afloat, 7S%c elevator; No. 1 Northern
Duluth. SSUc 1. 0. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Du
luth. S6?ic f. o.' b. afloat. Options wire very
dull all day. Delayed visible supply ilgures
and general apathy on the part of the foreign
houses and outsiders kept prices within a nar
row range. Opening easy .und;r local roiling
pressure the market later rallied, but finally
yielded to realizing and closed at V4t»-Uc net
decline; March, SOHHWfec, closed at fcOV4c;
May, 79 13-16fisOUc, closed at 7914c: November,
closed at 7tS?<,c; Decembet. 77' / 4S77%c, closed
at 77%e.
HOPS— Quiet.
New York Grain and Produce.
rUOth Meridian— raelfle Time.)
E.VN FP-ANCISCO, Nov. ;6. 19<*>— 3 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the tame date
la.«t sf-ason, and rainfalls In the last 24 hours:
J Feather Report.
•'Hvapora.t>»<l apples are higher air&in, tho
market for i>rime on the spot heing from EViff
r> l sc. There is Etill a conside.-ible Ehojt in
u-rest to caver, and holders are lnc'lncd to
•<jut*ze.*"
•'Some prunes are still selling at cut prices,
bat ofTe rings at these outside prwyls aj« becom-
Ir.c lets, and the prune situation is unde
niably bracing. Demand is quite good. Raisins
ere still easy. There is a fair demand fcr
the better (Trades cf California peaches anj
. little inquiry for apricots.
•'The date situation is Ftror.g. and \t <Je
ir^ind continues as l^ritk during the next two
or three days as it has been recently an ad
vance Is likely. The entire cargo of new dates
comes to one Importer. Old dates are In fair
demand, sales yestrrfay being of good siz".
"Hew Persian dates arrived yester-Sa^ by
the first direct etesuner, Turklstan. Sh« brings
«S,<XM bcxes In all and a large part Ot her
cargo Is reported already Wni. Sales flf t-ev
<ral thousand K>xes are understood to have
b*t?n made yesterday.
Mail advlcfs from New Tork say: 'The
Btrt-npth of walnuts Is the feature in this
market at present. Flocks of elmofft all kinds
of *va!r:uts ere greatly r-><5ueed and n> or.e
eeerr.s to have any Idea of the amounts Ft'.U
to arrive in time for the Thanksgiving trade.
Without any doubt the FurpMes during the next
•jretk will be abnormally light. Demand is
verr strong for Orenobles, Naples, French jr.d
Marbots. Some Grencbles were still available
yesterday ax ll'tc Napi^s are almost cleared
up on the spot and are firm al lie. to arrive.
per Bolivia, r.ow due. F*r*mch and Marbot
are scarce and strong at 9'ic and lOVs-'. with
few offTirx en the spot. California walnuts
are also In lipht supply. The unsold portion
of a car that arrived Monday was soil yes
terday. Sicily filberts arc also in very good
fl«-;r.and at HSlHic. but Rlmcnds, Brazil nuts,
etc.. are not much wanted and the tendency
of these goculs is eacy.
Dried Fruit in New York.
the 5s advanced VI. and the 3s U per cent on
last call.
NEW YOr.K STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
SoM. Bid. !
27.OM Atchison 32% i
53.200 Atohlson prefd W* •
6.KHJ Baltimore and Ohio bl \
Canadian Pacific 87 j
3.CO5 Canada Southern oSH ;
26.300 Chesapeake and Ohio 26H ;
;VjO Chicago Orcat Western HU i
19.TM) Chicago. Burlington and Quincy...l37'4 I
Chicago, Ind and Louisville 23 j
200 Chicago, InJ an<1 Louisville prefd.. SS J
Chicago and Eastern Illinois t'SVi |
100 Chicago and Northwestern 16S>^ 1
4.SW Chicago, nock Island and Paclflc-115:, 1
€00 C. C. C. and St. Louis 67
6.300 Colorado Southern "V*
600 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 43
2.100 Colorado Southern 2d prefd 18
Delaware and Hudson US 1 *;
.-. Delaware. Lack and Western ISi)
3.200 Dtnver and Rio Grande 23?, J
3,?00 Denver and Rio Grande prefd 77 7 i
Erie 13i; I
1.S03 Krle 1st prefd 110
2.100 Great Northern prefd 181
50n Hooking Coal 16
Hocking Valley 3S'i
1,(00 Illinois Central 125U
200 Iowa Central 20\i
Una Central prefd 46
I-ukf- Erie and Weetern Z6M
Lake Erie and Western prefd 106
Lake Shore 210*1
20.M0 Louisville and Nashville 83H
25.000 Manhattan L 110H
3.203 Metropolitan Street Railway 173^
&">0 Mexican Central 13H
600 Minneapolis and St Louis 63% :
Minneapolis and St Louis prefd 99
36,700 Mlspouri Pacific 60^
Mobile and Ohio 29U
300 Missouri Kansas and Texas llTii
6.900 Missouri Kansas and Texas prefd.. 3fi%
fWO New Jersey Central 143
9.200 New Tork Central 141H
5,4N) Norfolk and Western 43^
SM Norfolk and Western prefd SOU
S2.<v>0 Northern Pacific 71H
S3.0f>0 Xorthern PaolHc prefd 82H
1.2"0 Ontario and \Vestt-rn 24?ii
O-fgon Railway and NavigationT... 42 |
Oregon Ry and Nav prefd 76
10.200 Pennsylvania ..142%!
109 Reading 184 j
S.ff-O Reading 1st prefd 62^ !
5O0 Reading 2d prefd 30'^ ',
Rio Grande Western 72
Rio Grande Western prefd 94
6.100 St Louis and Pan Farnclsco WVi
St Louis and Pan Fran 1st prefd... 74
5.400 Ft Louis and San Fran 2d prefd 4SU
5.900 St Louis Southwestern 14^,
21.4T0 St Louis Southwestern prefd 36 1 .;
25.600 Ft Paul 128%
........ St Paul prefd 17:.%,
St Paul and Omaha 120
15.300 Southern Pacific il%
168.100 Southern Railway 1~%
40.800 Southern Railway prefd 65%
21.WV) Texas and Pacific 19'-4
24.2.» Union Pacific : 72H
7.300 Union Pacific prefd 81^4
1,400 Wabash SH
2O.O10 Wabash prefd* .*. 21»i
2.M0 Wheeling and Lake Erie - 10% I
LSOO Wneellng and Lake Erie 2d prefd.. 2ST4
200 Wisconsin Central 10
1.2ivi Baltimore & Ohio prefd ?4%
2.745 Xatlonal Tube 61H
200 National Tuhe prefd 102«i
Third Avenue 112
Express Companies—
100 Adams 135
American 161
United States 48
Wells-Fargo -. ISO
Miscellaneous —
1^0 American Cotton Oil 31
510 American Cotton Oil prefd 90 |
100 American Malting 4%
American Malting prefd 23
5,900 American Smelting & Refng 49 |
American Smelting & Refng prefd.. 'Jl>M i
American Spirits Hi |
American Spirits prefd *7 i
1.000 American Steel Hoop Z)% \
American Steel Hoot> prefd 7'£ !
44.800 American Steel & Wire 43*i |
200 American Steel & Wire prefd 87%
10,500 American Tin Plate 43'4
£00 American Tin Plate prefd S8
6,400 American Tobacco 10914
American Tobacco prefd 135
1.500 Anaconda Mining Co 49»4 <
2->.2<X» Hrooklyn Rapid Transit 74T4
3,rt^ Colorado Fup! & Iron fi2V4 |
7,000 Continental Tobacco -? 3S
SW ContincntaJ Tobacco prefd SJVfc I
16,3<"i0 Federal Steel 4S»i
2.4fiO FMeral Steel prefd 76
1.700 General Electric 168
200 Glucose Sugar 55
Glucose Sugar prefd 102
1.200 International Paper 22*4
International Paper prefd....: 71V4
Larlede Gas 71%
100 National Biscuit 38
Xatlonal Biscuit prefd 92«4.
500 National Lead 20>4
~3W National L~ad prefd 04*
2.700 National Pteel 37*
5.w> National Steel prefd 92
1.000 New York Air Brake 163
2,600 Xorth American 13»4
Pacific oCast .'. E9V4
Pacific Coast l?t prefd 87
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 67
Pacific Mall 44
1.900 People's Gas 101
1.000 Pressed Steel Car ;„ 61%
100 Pressed Steel Car prefd 85V4
Pullman Palace Car 198
500 Standard Rope & Twin* 5
57.900 Sugar 134%
Sugar prefd 116
P00 Tennessee Coal & Iron 72H
3.900 United States Leather 14Vi
1.400 United States Leather prefd 75%
€.000 United States Rubber 8l>4
L900 United States Rubber prefd £S
100 Western Union 84
2.750 Republic Iron & Steel Co 17
1.900 Republic Iron & Steel Co prefd 65
P C C & St Louis 684
•21.000 Amalgamated Copper 96ft
904.200 Shares cold.
CIX>SINO BONDS.
U S 2s refunding N T Cent lsts 108>4
reg 105U N J Cent gen 5s. ..125
do coup msu So Pac 3s 70 5 »
do 3s reg HO'i do 4s 104*4
do coup \ 110U N Y C & fit L 4s. .107
do new 4s reg 137"4'Norf & W con 4s.. 3S*i
do coup 137"i|Or Nav lsts 109
do old 4s reg llS*4j do 4s 104',i
do coup ..113?i!Or S Line 6s 128
do £s reg H3U| do con la 115
do coup 113'.iR gen 4s 854
Dls of Col 3.65s... 124Vi R O W lsts liX)
Atcblson gen 4s 101* t St L & I M con 6s.H2»4
do adj 4s 88 ISt L & S F gen 6s.l27
Can So 2<1b ... .10S% St Paul cons.....:. 175
Che« & Ohio 4V4s..lOli« St P C & Pac lsts.llSVi
io 5s .UOUj do 5s : 120;i
C &. NW con 7s 129' So Pac 4* 83 •
do S F deb 5s.. ..119 |Po Railway 5s .....112%
Chi Term 4s it S Rope & T 6s 70V4
Colo So 4s SI Tex & Pac lste 116%
D & It G 4s , ......lvX-% do 2ds ?2
Erie gen 4s......... 73 Union Pac 4s 106*4
Ft W & D C lstf.. '« Wabash lsts .......116V4
Gen Elec Es .142 do 2ds 104%
Iowa Cent lsts 116U West Shore 4a 114
L Si Nash tint 4s...lOO>i Wls Cent Lsts ...".. £6U
M K & T 2ds 70»4 Va Cent 92
CO 4s 94
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar OS Ophlr 90
Crown Point 06 Plymouth 10
Con Cal & Va 1 25 Quicksilver 1 23
Deadwood ESi do prefd ...;.....; 7 00
Gould & Curry B9 Sierra" Nevada...... 33
Hale & Norcross... 22 Standard ".. 90
Homestake 65 00 Union Con s . ....... .12
Iron Silver ........ GO Yellow Jacket 20
Mexican 23 Brunswick . : 10
Ontario 6 00
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— ' Union Pacific ...... 7«i
Call loans ....3'34 Union Land ........ 4
Time loans ..4tf5 West End .......... 82W
Stocks— Westlngh Elec ...51%
Atchison .'... 39% Bonds
do prefd $.3% Atchison 4a ........ 100*1;
Am Sugar ..134% N E G & Coke 6a.. 70%
do prefd 115 Mining Share*— .
Bell Telephone ...M59 . Adventure .......... f
Boeton & Albany.. 249V4 Allouez Mln Co.... »¦
Boston Elevated ..lievitAmalg ; Copper ....- 97
Boi-ton & Maine.. .197 Atlantic ....;.. 27
O B & Q 13?% Boston & Mont.. ..330 .
Jane X. Still (widow) to Sadie H. Hlller. lot
en X line oi Parker street. 1P7.3 W of Grove.
W DO by X 123.40. lot 15. block F, Crystal
Spring Tract. Berkeley: gift.
Peter and Sarah Thomson to C. Magnus
KJel^berr, lot on E lln<» of Franklin street.
116 N of Delger or Twentieth. SE S2.S3. NB
J4.17. NE 1.9. NW 80.92. SW 38 to beginning,
Oakland: $T>.
Charlotte Broderlck to W. F. Broderlclc. lot
on W line of Prospect street. 119:4 S of Hop
kins street or county road. No. 1133, 9 37:8 by
W 13". being lot 2S and N half of lot 27. block
F. Revised Map Prospect Hill Tract. Brook
lyn Township: gift.
A. C. and Ellen C. Anderson to J. C. Eaker.
lot on S line of Friggs avenue, 7C0 E of High
street. E EO by S 203, being lot 31. map of
Brig-gs Tract. Alameda, subject to a mortgage
for *1SO1; $10.
Joseph and Harriet- Westall to Ida E. Mar
shall (wtfo of George- L.l. lots 29. 30 and 31.
block R. Laurel Gro-re Park Tract. Brooklyn
Township; $10.
Plummer Improvement Company to Frederick
H. Clark, lot on W Una of Piedmont avenue.
HO N of Kearney avenue. N 40 by W 125. bein*
th« N 40 feet of S BO-foot lot 8. block 2, map of
property of John Kearney, Berkeley: $10.
John B. Brown to Charlotte Brown, let on N
line of East Eleventh street, SO W of Twenty
fiftn avenue. W 50 by N 100. lots 13 and 14.
block E. Knowles & Potter subdivision of Ken
nedy Tract. Kast Oakland: also lots 11 anil 12.
block E, of above tract; lot 2ii5 in plat 14, sec
tion B. Mountain View Cemetery. Oakland
Township; also property* In town of Saasallto,
Marln County; gift.
Fred C. Evans (single) to Daniel and Ges!aa
Middlestorb, E 37:8 feet of lot 6. sazne Oak
land; $10.
Georgt L. Colgata to Mlnn!« L. Oolgat*. lot
on S\\ corner of Fourteenth an-l P~*nl*H
streets. W 100 by S 40. block 728A. Oakland- I'O
Minerva J. Sweeney (wife of George) to Fred
C. Evans (single), lot 6. block R. nap of Para
dise Tract. Oakland: 110.
Alameda County.
C. B. Willis (single) to Sarah Wiiu, (motherV
lot on S line of Fourteenth street M p?>
Chestnut. E 30 by S 100, block 5T2, Board~ka-«
map. Chikland; gift. •uoarc^^a <t
hop. lot en W lino of MU«ien b»t»»» «•? -M nt
Nineteenth. N 25 by W «*• jV
co J rpo?a« 0n riot ?n SE^^? ffiwSTaA
Bevcntecnth'streets. Sl»T E B^ "*
Mary E. Bowen to Jases C iliirin^nn in*
on E line of Montgomery st!~4 ! f° ?'ji?!
bert, S 43 by E 87:«; $10. su "- - s of Fil "
Wilson Estate Company (3. cor^or»ti/vn\ ?/»
Isaac U Hofnaun an<l Emll Wo!£7Krx£
nera as Hofmann & Woeane). i, :t on Whi
of Salmon street. 117:6 N ot W'c v a JJ
W 60 quitclaim deed; «. iac '- c . « 20 by
I. L. Hofmann and Emilo Woeane fcooart
nera as Hofmann & Wo*Txnp) •) v H*>^1
undivided one-quarter taterm hi let beg nSks
on N line of £0-vara lot 622.6.. E hnw™
ner of said lot, S 20 by W fir. 9a^£. „ COr
James J. and Susan F. Gr»<— <,"t?> t>.ott.««
Greene. lot on NAV corner of TwenMJth rSSX
and Florida streets. N- 3S by w T/- 1? (Napa)
George E. and Emellne L. Bates' to Market
Street Railway Company, lot «£ Girf Map
Silver firmer. New York Exchange lower.
Wheat and Barley dull and easy.
Oats, Corn and Rye as before quoted.
Becns firm, with several descriptions higher.
Sweet Potatoes lower. Onions and Vegetables about the same-
Hay quiet and steady. Feedstuff s unchanged. • ¦*
Liberal receipts of Dressed Turkeys.
Game firm and in good demand.
Butter and Eggs both slightly higher. Cheese unchanged.
Fresh and Dried Fruits shmv no change.
Provisions firm. Bacon and Lard higher.
Nothing new in the Meat market.
Oil stocks selling actively.
Local stocks and bonds in fair demand.
1 Atchison, 41; Canadian Pacific, 8914; Union
Pacific preferred, S3» t ; Northern Pacific pre
ferred. S5>^; Grand Trunk, 6%: Anaconda. Ufl.i)
1 Bar silver, steady, 29 9-16d per ounce. Money
i 3HS4 per cent.
NEW YORK, Nov. 2C— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London . financial cablegram says:
The opening cf the markets hire to-day was
quiet and dull, as they usuallv are just be
fore the settlement, but there was considerable
Improvement In the afternoon on the announce
ment that the diplomatic situation in Peking
had become clearer, especially as to the ques
tion of a money Indemnity. Americans ! were
quieter, but there was a good market for them
throughout the session, although cable <ie
rangenient seriously delayed arbitrage deal-
Ings. The arbitrageurs were short of Southern
railway securities and London taking the hint
took them freely.
London Market.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 26.— To-day's statement
of th« Treasury balances in the general fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve in the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash,
balance, $137,752,218; gold, $32,219,335.
Condition of the Treasury.
NEW YORK. Nov. 29.— Money on call, steady
at 3®3H per cent; prime mercantile paper, i\?@
5 per cent: sterling exchange firm, with actual
business in bankers' bills at $4 S3»i@4 S5^ for
demand and $4 SS'A-IS* SS% for sixty days; posted
rates. $4 82% and *4 S65J4 86%; commercial bills.
$4 S0?i®4 81'.i; silver certificates, -64S63c: bar
silver. 63%c; Mexican dollars, 60c. Bonds-
Government, strong; State, strong; railroad,
strong. . ..
New York Money Market.
Dom Coal .'.. 41
Fed Steel 49H
do prefd 76
Fltchburg prefd ..139
Gen Elec 163H
do prefd 145
Ed Elec 111 215
Mex Cent 13
Mich Telephone ... 85
N E G & Coke..... 15
Old Colony 202
Old Dominion 31V
Rubber 31
Butte & Boston.... 94#
Calumet & Hecla..S40
Centennial 17%
Franklin 15
Humboldt 25
Osceola 75
Parrot 50
Qulncy 163
Santa Fe Copper... 7%
Tamarack 290
Utah Mining 34H
iVinona 3%
Wolverines 45Vi
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
lot on S line of Jackson street, 131 W of Baker.
W 25 by S 127:S»4: J10.
. Helena P. Scana . to Gerhard ¦ Brans, lot on
8 line of ¦ Sixteenth , street. 168 :6 E of Dolores
E 65 by 8 110: $10.
¦ - Ann ¦ Morrison ¦ to | Rose and i Margaret 1 Morri
ton, lot on S line of Sixteenth street, 220:9 E
of Valencia, ;S 115 by W 23: gift.
Peter H. and Catartena Bartels to F. B. Pktl
f > II M III 111 'iMIIllllll* HHIW'I'II " I IB I""" I |i Ml •
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS,
Marcus and .Belle Banner to Alfred ¦Wllford,
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY. Nor. 2«— 4 n m
Bld.Ask.
Alpha. .03 03
Alta 01 02
Andes 0;. 06
Belcher 17 >19
Best & Belcher 21 22
Bullion 05
Caledonl* ...... 4* 46
Chollar 00 10
Challenge Con. - 20 ri
Confidence 60 62
Con Cal & Va.l 40 1 45
Con. Imperial...— 01
Con New York. — 02
Eureka Con — f}
Crown Point.... 13 .15
Exchequer — 02
Gould & Curry.l 0o 1 IB
Hale & Norcrs.. 24 28
Julia — 02
. .. . Bid.Aslt.
J u *tlc© 04 M
Keniuek 0* 04
Lady Wash..... - g|
Mexican jj ~
Occidental 0 S ol
OPhir >s $8
Overman ...:... w 07
I»otost .¦ jg l9
|a v »Ke u u
Scorpion ....... _ Q4
fpS 03 04
fcierra Nevada.. J7 as
Silver Hill 45 47
IPt Louis ....... 10 _
Standard 3 35 a 40
Syndicate ....;.- 11 _
Union Con 14 jj
Utah ot 08
Yellow Jacket.. 21 23
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday: J
Mornins Session.
CCO Best & Belcher 22
13"K) Con Cal & Va..l 40
2t>0 C C & Va*..l 42V4
300 Con Cal & Va..l 4i
1000 C C & Vl..v.l 47«.il
50O Crown Point.... !¦»,
100 Gould &' Curry.l 10
Aftprnoon
1309Ophlr 83
400Ophlr U
300 Savage 15
1000 Seg Belcher 04
200 Sierra Nevada. 37
400 Sliver Hill Vi
50 Silver H'll 43
K»«atnn
600 Andes 05i
300 Best & Belcher 21
30<> Best & Belcher 20
200 C C & Va. 1 47*4
150 C C & V.1....1 42',i
100 Gould & Curry.l 10
200 Gould & C...1 12Vi
2a0 Mexican »g
200Ophlr ! «
10O Potoai vj
700Savago ..'. Jg
200 Sierra Nernj.1. 37
600 Sierra N-vau£ !s
Hill «
Following were the sales In the Pan Francisco
Stock and Exchance Board yesterday:
Mornlnj: Session.
500 Chollar 10 500 Potosl 1?
400 Con Cal & Va..l 4; MO Savage 13
200 Crown Point... 14 300 Savage 14
1C00 Mexican 26 200 Union Con.. 14
1000 Occidental 05 200 Yellow Jacket!! £2
lOOOphlr S8 • **
Afternoon Session.
1000 A lta 02 50 Mexican as
200 Andes 06 10O Overman ... OS
200 Belcher IS -IN} Sierra Nevada! XS
100 Challenge 21 100 Utah 7^ n?
200 Chollar 10 100 Yellow Jacket.! 22
200 Gould & Curry.l 10
Morning Session.
Board-
SCO California-Standard 33
700 Caribou 81
50 Caribou 62
10 Hanford ,....HS 00
1P0M Hanford-Fresno-Kern River ....:.... 20
400 Home Oil 4 45
25 Kern Oil Co '. 9 00
300 Uon Oil Co 33
100 McKittrick Consolidated 68
100 McKittrick Consolidated ...'..: 67
100 McKlttrlck*Consolldated 66
100 Monte Cristo I 37li
100 Monte Cristo 1 40
950 Occidental of West Virginia 65
350 Petroleum Center 17
50 San Joaquln Oil & Development 9 50
SO Sterling O & D Co, b 60 2 7'.
C50 Twenty-eight 2 50
Street—
100 Four Oil Co 33
Afternoon Session.
Board—
100 California-Standard 32
100 California-Standard 33
10C0 Caribou <o
20 Kern River 17 23
•lfl McKittrick Consolidated 65
450 Occidental of West Virginia, s 15.... 66
2' 1 00 Petroleum Center 37
ECO Petroleum Center 25
100 Reed Crude Oil Co 51
' 100 San Joaquin Oil & Development 9 25
30 San Joaquin Oil & Development 9 37>A
200 Sterling O & D Co 2 65
500 Sterling O & D Co. b 60 J 73
2000 Yukon 63
MINING STOCKS.
Street
10 First National Bank a 30rt 00
$10,000 Omnibus Cable 6s « 12S 50
$5000 S F & S J V Bonds 113 75
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
J1000 Oceanic Steamship Bonds Ill 00
125 S F Gas & Electric Co 4S 25
15 S F Gas & Electric Co 4S 37%
10 S F Gas & Electric Co. 4$ 50
55 S F Oas & Electric Co 43 23
loo S F Gas & Electric Co. s V> 43 23
150 S F Oas & Electric Co. s SO 43 00
100 S F Gas & Electric Co ig 00
80 Spring Valley Water 93 50
$1000 Spring Valley 6s m 50
I11O Vlgorit, b 90 3 J7U
200 Vigorit .....' 3 37ii
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid.A.ok. I Bld.Ask.
4s quar coup.H5%116«,i 4s do cp <new)137%13S}i
4s do reg ,115?ill6'vj4s do coup.... — >U0Vi
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay Co P Co.104 — iOak Water 5«..10o —
Cal-st Cab 3s.H8?i — I Oceanic S3 5s.llOT»lll
C C Water 5s. 108 108*4 iOm C Ry 6s. ..123 123>J
Ed L & P 6s. ..131 — Hac U Imp 4s.. 103 —
F & Cl Ky «s.. — — P & Cl Ry 6s..lO« —
Geary-st R6«. — — P&ORR 6s.lU4 —
H C & S 5£s... — — Powell-.t R 6s — -
Do f* V*<K — Sac E G&R Bs.lOO 190»4
L ARy 5s. ...110% — S F & SJV os. — 120
I. A Lt Cu 6s.. — 103 S K oi . Al 6a.. — 1 1.<
Ihi gntd 6».. — — S P of A 6s...ll3}iH4*i
L A Kntd 5s. .AW 102 d V otCtts(l«/5>
L A P R R 5S.102H — (Series A).... 109% —
Market-st 6s.. .128% — Do(SerJes B)110>4 —
Do 1st 21 5B.120H121 Do <19v6> ....112 —
N.C N Ki ti 7s. — U« T>o OS12) 12il —
N K of Cal 6s.ll4Vi — S P R 1st g 53.1M —
DO S3 — 119& 3 P R 6s 131 —
N Hi'HR 6S.101 S V Water 63.1UH —
Do 5e 108 108U Do 4s 102»ilO3H
N Cal Ry 5s...llaH — Do 3d mtge..l02H103U
Oak G L & HllOTi — Stktn Gas e»..100 101
Oak Tran 6s.. 117% — ,
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. — 72 Spring Valley. .83 33%
iu»nu Cuunty. 51^5 —
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent L & P Co SV4 4H[Pac L Co — —
Eqult G L. Co. 3<4 3HlSac'E G&R Co — 40
*> . ¦•• . ¦ v.. - •. S F G & E.... 47»i 43\i
O G L & H.... — SOVliSan Francisca — 5
Pac Gas Imp.. — SO^Istian o&b Co — h
\ INSURANCE STOCKS.
Flirem's Fund.2?rH230 I
BANK STOCKS.
Anglo-Cal Ltd. «'i — First Natlonal.239 SOJ
S'r 1^ 0 -^ 0 ? 1 "" ~ — Lon p & A... .140 —
Cal S D & T. — 105^4 Merchants* Ex 18 13
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & 1, - woo Sav & L So... _ SI
Hum S & L... — — Sec Sav Bk.... — —
»tut Sav Bk... 50 — Union T Co — —
S F Sav Un...515
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS
California 127 — ,O S L & H... 3S *&xl :
';-¦•-'¦' - 47H Presidio - 22
Market-st 63 — 1 "
POWDER STOCKS.
Gl^tColcoAfi,^ Vlg ° m *«**
SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana S P Co.. 1% 7 wKilauea S Co.. 20% —
Haw C & S Co 84% — Makawell S Co 4l2 43
Honokaa S Co. 31H — Onomea S Co. 29^ —
Hutch S P Co. 23H K?; Paauhau S Co 314 31«i
MIljCELLANKOUH nit>CKS.
Al Pack Asn.. 124*4125 Pac A F A.... 2?i —
Cal Fruit Asn.lU3 105 t-uc i^ tSor Co. — iM
M-i- t-rt »s~n.. : . • i-ar Paint Co.." 12^4 —
Oceanic S Co.. 59H100 *
( Morning Session.
Board—
6 Bank of California «in m
J1000 Contra Costa Water Bonds *ios 25
215 Equitable Ga» 3 37U
55 Giant Powder Con \ g4 oo
75 Honokaa Sugar Co 31 50
$1000 Los Angeles Railway 5s no 73
$J0OO Market Street R R Con 3s 120 62>4
$3000 N P C R R 5s I. 108 CO
50 Oakland Gas W 00
300 Oceanic Steamship Co 93 CO
60 S F Gas & Electric Co 43 so
60 S F Gas & Electric Co 43 23
2S5 S F Gas & Electric Co 43 1214
$ifiOO S P Branch Railway 6s 131 37Vi
20 Spring Valley Water 93 75
2C0 Vlgorit Powder, b 90 3 37Vi
Street- *
S Honokaa Sugar Co 21 50
$1000 Oceanic Steamship Bond? Ill 00
, Afternoon Session.
Board—
5 Equitable Gas 3 37W
50 Hana Plantation Co 7 00
CO Hawaiian ConVI & Sugar ?4 73
25 KHauea Sugar Plantation Co 20 87>4
¦ 65 Kllauea Sugar Plantation Co 21 00
$2tOO Oakland Transit Co 6s us 00
tO Oceanic Steamship Co 9j 60
MONDAY. Nov. 28—2:30 p. m.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE
•K *
Business on the morning session of tho Bond
Exchange was very fair, but there were no
fluctuations worthy of note beyond a decline
in Gas and Electric to $43 KXitli l2Vi.
In the afternoon Gas and Electric continued
active at about the morning prices and Oceanic
Steamship sold up to {99 50.
The oil stocks were active and firm as a rule.
with higher prices for several, as will be seen.
WASHINGTON,
¦ PORTLAND. Nov. 26.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla. 53@54c
Cleared— Steamer Universe, for Vladivostok,
with 21,402 barrels of flour.
TACOMA. Nov. 26.— WHEAT -Quiet and %c
lower for club at 53Hc: blue stem, B6',io.
OREGON.
'Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND, Nov. 26.— Clearings, $553,043;
balances, $47,022. .
Portland's Business.
WHEAT— Spot, firm: No. 1 California, 6s
2%d; No. 2 red Western winte'r, 6s: No. 1
Northern spring, 6s 3'id. Futures, steady; De
cember, 5s lid; March, 6s
CORN— Spot American mixed, new, utealy,
4s 2d. Futures, firm; November, 4s l&d; De
cember, 4s IViti; January. 3s lu'^d.
CLOSINO.
LONDON, Nov., 26.— Consols. 98 9-16; silver.
J9 9-16d; French rentes. lOOf 62%o. 'Wheat car
goes on passage, nominally unchanged; No. 1
Standard California, 30s 6d; cargoes /Walla
Walla, 29s 3d; v EngHsh country markets, quiet;
import Into United Kingdom, wheat, . 235,000
qrs; Import Into United Kingdom, flour. 236.000
bbls; wheat and flour on passage to United
Kingdom. 2,000,000; wheat and flour on pas
sage to Continent, 1,210,000; Indian shipments
wheat to United Kingdom, none; Indian ship
ments wheat to Continent, none.
LIVERPOOL, Nov. 26.— Wheat, quiet; No. 1
Standard California. 6s 2^idQ6s 3d; French
country markets,- quiet.
COTTON-Uplands, 6 19-32d.
Foreign Markets.
NEW YORK, Nov. 26. — The cotton market
opened easy wfth prices down ; 5^20 points.
At the close the market was steady at a de
cline of 27031 points, about the lowest level
of the day.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Nov. 26.— The statement qf the
visible supply of grain in store and afloa; on
Saturday. November 24, as compiled by the
New York Produce Exchange is as follows:
Bushels. Increase. Dpcr^ss**.
Wheat 62.222.000 .> i - 129.HO0
Corn 7 209 000 LISO.'^KI
Oats 11 789 COO 1,004,000
Rye 1,326,(WX) •* r '. ! * )0
Barley 3,509,000 -273,000
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. Nov! 26.— The market tnr
metals dlFplayed general Inactivity to-day.
Tin was dull and nominally quoted at. J2S 60.
News from abroad furnished incentive in an
other direction." I>ead continues quiet at $4 87V4
while spelter was also quiet and unchanged
at J4 3»@4 35, Lake copper was dull and- ttlll
quoted at $16 75@17, with pig Iron warrant!
quiet and nominally unchanged at $9 f>0®l'> E0.
The brokers' price for lead was $4 and for cop
per, $17.
Visible Grain Supply.
CHICAGO, Nov. 26.— CATTLE-^-Recelpts, 17.
000. Good to choice active, 10@15o higher, oth
ers steady; good to prime steers, $3 S0@5 90;
poor to medium,' J4 25@5 25; selected feeders,
$3 00@4 25: mixed stockers weak, $2 25@3 75:
cow3 steady: to 10c- higher, $2 75@4 35; heifers,
$2 7S@4 75; canners strong, $2@2 75: bulls aotlve.
f 2 6004 35; calves weak. $3 50€ 5 23: Texas fed
steers, $4@4 90; grass steers. ?3 8O(S>4 15; bulls,
$2 &0f}3 50. ¦
HOGS— Receipts to-day. 38,000; to-morrow.
37,000; left over, 7000. Active, shade higher,
closed : easier; top $5. Mixed and butchers,
$4 70ff/5 05; good to choice heavy, $4 80@3 02J4;
rough heavy, $1 65<f?4 75; light, *4 70@5 02V4;
bulk of eales. $4 8505. ; ,
SHEEP— Receipts, 20,000. Sheep and lambs,
slow "to 10c lower Good to choice wethers,
$4{M 25; fair to choice mixed, $3 65@4; Western
sheep. $4£?4 15; Texas sheep, U 50®3 60; native
lambs, fjrtfo 15; Western lambs, $4 63@5 15.
Chicago Livestock Market.
Wheat— Dec. ¦ Feb. Mar.
Opening 5 ll'/i •••• ' ¦ J»
Closing 5 11 •••• 6 %
Wheat— PARIS. Mar.-June.
Opening 19 95 2135
Closing 20 05 21 <0
Flour-
Opening .25 90 27 45
Closing 25 B0 27 4j
LIVERPOOL.
FOR MONDAY.V NOVEMBER M.
Flour, qr sks V.:M7.21O Pelts, bdls .....:. 340
Wheat, ctls ..... 2,660 Hides, "no ........ 467
Barley./ctls 2,095 Cheese, ctls ." 17
Oats, ctls ....... 810 Butter.- ctls ....... 137
Beaas, slis 1,100 Eggs, doz ........ 207
Receipts- ofrProduce.
BAGS— San Quentln Bags. $5 85: Calcutta
Grain Bags, June and ; July, 6Hc ; Wool Bags,
2SVi@32>/4c; Fleece Twlne,.7%c; Fruit Bags,: 6i4@
6%c lor r white' and 8U@8%c for bleached Jute.
¦ CO AI^- Wellington. :'• $9 per' ton; v Southfleld
Wellington, >. &; Seattle, $7; Bryant, i |7; ~, Coos
Bay J5 50; Wallsend, $9; Co-operative Walls
end $9; s Cumberland, -= 112 In bulk and. J13 25 In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg,'Jl4; Can
nel $12perton; Coke,".$15 per. ton in bulk and
$18 In sacks; 'Rocky -Mountain description*,'
J8-45 per 2000 lbs and »8 60 per ton. according to
brarfi."'- "~i : ;*>' - * '• ¦ ' ¦ '• " - '¦ ">
. SUGAR— The Western ; Sugar : Refining-^ Com
pany quotes, . per lb. in JOO-lb bags:
¦.:Crushed, 6.15c; Powdered, 6. 75c; Candy Gran
ulated . 6.75c; Dry Granulated. , 5.65c; Confec
tloneru" A, 5.65c; Magnolia A, ; 6.25c; Extra C,
6.15c- Golden C, '5.05c ; : barrels, 10c. more; half
barrfcls,-25c more; boxes,. 5Cc more; EO-lb bags,
10c ¦ more. • No •; orders taken .for ..less \ than i 15
barrels ¦ or - its ' equivalent. Dominos. half-bar
rels, 6. 40c; boxes. 6.65c per lb. • ¦
General Merchandise.
Tho market for all " descriptions remains as
previously quoted.
UKfcit— o<u-«c lor Steers and C@5v«c per lb for
Cows. , ' *
VEAL— Large, 7%©8c : smai;. 8H® 3c . per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7%©Sc; Ewes. 7@7Hc per
pound. •• . " .
LAMB— 8@*c per lb.
PORK — Live Hogs, 6%c for small and !>Hc for
medium and i\&a%c for large; stock Hogs and
feeders, 5@5%c ; dressed Hogs, 7K@8Hc
San' Francisco Meat Market.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, 10c; medium, 9c; light, 8V469/?; Cow
hides, r-.'y'Ji:;' Stags, CVic; Salted Kip. »Ho;
Salted Vi-al, V'Hc: fralted Calf. lUc;-Dry Hides.
l$c; culls, 14c: I>ry Kip. 16c; Dry Calf.. lr.irlTc;
culls and brands, He; Sheepskins, shearlings.
SOQ 30c (*ach; Fhort Wool, 30&50c each; medium,
60®S5c; long Wool, 75c@Sl each; Horse Hides,
salt, |2 50 . for large and $2 for medium., $150
for small and 60c for colts; Horse Hides, dry,
$1 75 for large, $1 .".0 for medium, $1 25 for small
and 25tf r '0c for colts. Deerskins — Summer or red
skins, 35c; fall or medium skins, 30c; winter or
thin skins, l'thbQltic. Goatsklns^-Prime An
goras, 75c; large and smooth, 50c; medium, 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4@4V4c per lb; No.
I. 3'tc: grease, 2@2%c.
WOOL— Spring clip Is quotable as -follows:
Northern, free, 15@>16c; Northern, defective, 12
@14c; Middle County, free, 14@16c; Middle
County,, defective, 12@14c; Soutnern Mountain,
13 months', 9@10c; Southern Mountain, free, 7
months', ll@12c:. Southern Mountain, defective,
7 months', Wile; Humboldt and Mendoclno,
16@'17o; Nevada, 13@16o per lb.
Fall Clip— San Joaqutn, 6H@8c; do lambs', 8
69c; Middle County, S®10c; Northern Mountain,
free. 10@llc; Southern Mountain. 7%@8&c;
Humboldt and Mendoclno. 12®13c per lb.
HOPS— 11V4O15C per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
%
The market Is firm and bacon and lard aro
higher. * The demand is about the same as
before.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, lie per lb for
heavy, HV4@12c for light medium. I2Hc for
light, 13Hc for extra light and 15@15Uo for
surer-cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams, llVtu;
Mess Beef. J12 £0 per barrel; extra Mess, itt;
Family, $14; extra Prime Pork, ..$16; extra
clear, $19 50; Mess, $17; Smoked Beef, 13c per
pound.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6%o per lb for com
pound and 9Vic for pure; half barrels, pure
9!4c: 10-lb tins, 10c; 5-lb tins, lOVic.
COTTOLENE— One-half barrel. e?ic; three
half-barrels, 8^ic; one tierce, SHc; two tierces,
Sc; five tierces, 7%c per lb.
FRUITS— Prunes, Santa Claras. 4 sizes. Jo;
40-SCs. 7c; 50-60S, 5%c; 60-70s. 3%c; 7O-8Os. 3*4c;
S0-90s, 2%c; ,90-lCOs, 2Vic; 100s and over, 2c; ru
bles, %c premium; Sonorr.as, He and San Joa
qulns, hie less than Santa Claras, except 100s
and over, which stand the same. Apricots. 6#
Sc for .Kcyais and lOlill'ic for Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples, Mific; sun-dried. 3 1 ,-iji4» 1 c;
Peaches, 4V4Jrt>c for standard, 5^63 for choice
and 7@7*4c for fancy; Pears, 2@7c; Plums,
pitted, 56614c; unpitted, lffl^c; Nectarines, 5©
5Hc for red and 6%ig:6c for white.
KAJSINS — The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices for the
season of WOO: Bleached Thompson's fancy, 12c
per lb; choice, lie; standard, 8*£c; prime, 8c;
unbleached Thompson's, 9c per lb. Sultanas-
Fancy, 10V£c per lb; choice. 94c; standard. 8\c;
prime, Scf unbleached Sultanas, Sc; Seedless.
E0-ll> boxes. 6HiC; 2-crown loose Muscatels, 6c;
3-crown, 6Hc; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers, 2
crown, $1 50 per box; 3-crown, 51 60; Fancy
Clusters. |2; Dehesa, |2 60; Imperial. |3. All
prices f. o. b. at common shipping points in
California. *
XUTS — Chestnuts, C®7c per lb for California
and S'O'lOc for Italian; Walnuts, No. 1 soft
shell, lie; No. 2, Sc; No. 1 hardshell. 10c; No. 2,
7Hc; Almonds, 12©13c for papershell, 9@llc for
softshell; Peanuts, 5©Sc for Eastern; Brazil
Nuts, 13c: Filberts, 13c: Pecans, 113 13c; Cocoa
nuts, $3 50@5.
HONEY— Comb. 13Mt@14%c for bright and l^Vi
@13c for light amber; water white, eftracted,
7%^So; light ember, extracted, 7®7^io; dark,
e»€V4c p<?»- lb.
BEES\VAX-24!ff26c per lb.
Provisions.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Grapes stood dfcout the same, and there was
no quotable change In Apples and Pears.
Dfc.T'lUUOi;S hKUlTS
APPLES—35(g«0c per box for common and
G5c@{l for good to choice: Spitzenbergs, 75c@
$125: Oregon Spltzenberss, T>125@laO.
PEAKF-R0o(?m 25 per box.
PERSIMMONS— Nominal.
CRANBERRIES— Jerseys. ¦ |10(?10 50: Cape
Cod. $11 E0@12 per barrel : Coos Bay, $2 50@2 75
per box.
STRAWBERRIES — Large Berries, f4®5;
small. — .
RASPBERRIES— $5®7 per cnest.
GRAPES— 6j®83c per small box, $1 50@2 per
large box an-1 — per crate.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $1 50®3;
Seedlings, *1@1 75; Tangerines, SI 2S@1 50;
Lemons 25c@{l 25 for common and %\ 6002 75
for' good to choice; Grape Fruit, Jl 5C@2 50;
Moxlcan Limes, $4«4 50; California Limes. 25
©35c: Bananas, $1 73@2 50 per bunch; Pine
apples, J2®3 50 per dozen.
A few Blackberries came In and sold at $8
@9 chest.
There was no change worthy of note In the
Butter opened weak with a further advance
and " reduced stocks.: Dealers, however, ase
dubious about the wisdom of advancing prices
any further, as all outside orders have already
been shut off. .
There Is no change In Cheese.
Eggs have again moved up and are firm and
scarce at the advance.
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 24§25c; seconds,
23f?t23V4c.- ¦ --
Dairy— Fancy, 21@22c; good to choice, 19@20o;
common, 17^&18^c.
Creamery tub — 2U@22V4c per lb.
Pickled roll— 13021c.
Firkin— lS©l?c.
Storage goods — 21022c*
CHEESE— New, HV»©12c; Old, 10011c: Young
America, 12@12%c: Eastern. 13V£@14c; Western.
l\fr\Zf rier lb.
EGGS— Store, 27U@32He; Ranch, 35o for
fair and 36@40c per dofen for- good to choice;
Eastern, 22H@30c.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits. .
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
83 tons . of dressed turkeys, ? mostly from Ore
gon, besides two cars from the East. The
demand was fair, but prices showed llttla
change from last week. Some poor, thin birds
so!rt down to 13c. and some extra fancy at 19c,
but the general, market was 16@18c. Eastern
Turkeys brought 14@16c
Two cars of Eastern live stock came In.
and sales were made at f4 50 for hens, old
roosters and old ducks, $3 50 for young roost
ers, $i for fryers, $3 for largo broilers. $2 60
for small broilers, $6 50@7 for young ducks.
J2@2 25 for geese, ?2 50@2 75 for goslings, $1
for pigeons and $2 50 for squabs.
Game was firm for . Monday, and prices
showed little falling oft.
POULTRY— Live Turkey*. 14«J15c for Gob
blers and-14@15c for Hens; Dressed Turkeys.
15@18o; Geese, per pair, *.f 7502; Goslings, |1 75
<a'i; Ducks. *3®l for old and »4®5 for young;
Hens, $3 W®5; Young Roosters, J4 50@5 60; Old
Rsfsst«rs, $4@4 50; Fryers, %3 6O@4: Broilers.
13 W©4 for large and 13 25@3 50 for small;
Pigeons, a per dozen for old and *1 50@l 75
for S<]uabs.
GAME— Quail, $1 50@l 75 for Valley and $2 25
for Mountain; Mallard, $3 50@5 50; Canvasback.
$4@9; Sprig. J3®4 50: Teal. $2<g3; Widgeon. $1 50
@2; Small Duck. $1 S0@l 75; Gray Geese. *3@
3 60; White Geese. $1 23; Brant. « 50 for small
and J2 for large; Honkers, $4@5; English Snipe.
$1 50; Jack Snipe, »1 25; Hare, $1 50; Rabbits,
$1 50 for Cottontail and Jl 25 for Brush; Doves,
65o per dozen.
The week started off with liberal receipts of
Poultry and Game.
tatoes and Onions beyond a decline In Sweets.
POTATOES— River ¦ Reds. 75@S5c: Burbanks,
30@75c for River and J1®1 17% per ctl for Sa
linas and 90c@$l 10 for Oregon; Sweets, 60@tisc
for River and 85#90c for Merced.
ONIONS— $1 35@1 E0 per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, 4®6c per lb;
String Beans, 3@7c; Limas, 5@7c per lb: Cab
bage, 80c; Tomatoes, 76c(5'U 50; Eps Plant, 6®
10c per lb; Green Peppers, 35@50c per box;
Dried Peppers, Sfflllc : Carrots, 25@35c per box;
Summer Squash, $1 50 per box for bay: Cucum
bers. 50@75c: Garlic, 4@5c per lb ; Marrowfat
Squash, J10@12 per ton.
Potatoes, ska ... 9.0001 Tallow, ctls «
Onions, ska .'.... 452 1 Raisins, sks ..... t.2aO
Bran, sks 1,180 'Leather, rolls _"
Middlings, sks .. lJUjWine. gals ....... ».L>»
Hay. tons 450 Quicksilver, flsks. 20
Wool, bags 422 Sugar, ctls 4,560
Hops, bales 70 Lime, bbls «>»
Straw, tons 4
OREGON. /" ;
Flour, qr sks . ... 8.634 Potatoes, sks ... 400
Oats, ctls 1,290 /
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 1900.
Foreign Futures.
THE STOCK MARKET.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Chicago Grain Market.
On the Produce Exchange : to-day the butter
market was quiet; creameries. 15@2JHc; dairies,
13£20c. • active; 10@llKe- Eggs, quiet;
fresh, ¦ US22O, . - , §
- : . ' Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 10,000 14,000
Wheat, bushels . 111.000 • 183,000
Corn,' bushels 243,000 364 000
Oats, bushels .................165.000 • 142 000
Rye.^bushels 9.000 . 6.000
Barley, -bushels ;.-.. .......... 96,000 ' 6,000
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
8
OCEANTKAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
<«. Steamers leave Broadway
Ij^ wharf. San Francisco:
t^N^ For Alaskan P-r:« — 11 a. m..
»'"*v'*>*'V Nov. 27, Ueo. 2. (."harijie to
£'&^£>*>**-k company's <;!i»a*:i!-rs at Seattle.
k\ CJ>3\v\3 * r ° r Victoria. Vancouver iR.
Si-^W**y *«1 r ¦ *• rnr£ Towns e^J. Seattle.
£rwjV^flr*^\i Tacoma, Everett. Anacort'i,
\[ i, an ' ! ¦^"'* w Whatcom (Wash.) —
11 a. m.. Not 27, Dec. 2. and
every fifth day thereafter.
Change at Seattle for this company's steamers
for Alaska an<1 G. N. Ry. ; at Seattle or Ta-
coma to N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka, Humboldt Bay — 2 p. m.. Hot.
24. 29, Dec. 4. and every fifth day thereafter.
For Ban Dleso. stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and liedondo (Los An-
geles) — Steamer Qurjen. Wednesdays, 9 a. in. ;
steamer Santa. Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Caytj-
cos. Port HarfonJ «San Luts Oblspo). Gavlota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
! East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport-
Steamer Corona. Fridays. !» a. rn. ; steamsr
Bonlta. Tuesdays. 9 a. m.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Alt.1t.-1. La Paa. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a m.. 7th each month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the right to chang»
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKKT oV F I CE -4 New Montffomery
street (Palace HoteU.
GOODALL. PERKINS St CO.. Oen. Agents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0, R, & R. GO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From £p»ar-street Wharf at 19 a. m. ¦<-'•
CADC S12 First Class Includinft Berth
lAliL $8 Second Class and Meals.
COLUMBIA sails Nov 24, Dec. 4
CKO. W. ELDER sails Nov 23
Fftort Line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East
'¦-;•?-. E. C. WARD. General Ajrent.
CO Market st.
TOYO KISEN KAISfll
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan street*, at 1 p. m
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting* at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc No cargo received on board en day
of sailing:.
SS. NIPPON MARTI
Thursday. December «. 190«
ES. AMERICA MARU f.
, Saturday, December ». 1309
Via Honolulu.
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Thursday. January St. 1901
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For .
fretpht and passage apply at company's ofnee,
421 Market street, corner of First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
«*» TOaX. SOUTHAKPTOH. UHTOOS. TMSXi.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
Frcm New York Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
Kensington.... Nor. 23 ' Sonthwari Doe. 13
St. Louis Dec 5 St, Louis Deo. 24
New York Dec. 12
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday, 13 noon.
Kensinirton....Nov. 23 | Southwark.....Dec »
Noordland Dec. 8 I Westernland...Dec 24
Frlesland Dec. 13 I
For freight and passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL. NAVIGATION CO.,
20 Montgomery st. Or any of Its agents.
QceanlcS S.CO. aiasfts
V VVUH1 V <?«<?» V V* OIR-CUIME to TAHITI
SS. ZEALANDIA (Honolulu only)
-. Monday. December 3, 2 p. m,
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
.; Tuesday. December 4. i p. m,
S3. SIERRA, for Honolulu, Samoa, New
Zealand and Australia
Wednesday, Dec. 12. %, p. m.
J. D. SPRECXEtS 4 BEOS. CO.. Agts.Jicist Offio, 643 iartetSt
Freight Mica, 327 MartatSL, Pier Io. 7. Pacific 51
COXPAQNIE GEJTEBALE T2AN3ATLANTIQTJ1!.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE- PARIS. -^^,
KaUlnK every Thursday. Instead ot
Saturday, from November 2, 1399. atwottii
10 a.' m.. from Pier 42. North River, foot ct
Morton street. First-class to Havre. |53 and
upward. Second-class to Havre. $42 50 and utv.
ward. GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED
STATES AND CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson
building). New Tork. J. F. FUQAZI & CO..
Pacific Coast Agtnts. & Montgomery avenue*
San Francisco. ......
BAY AND RIVER - STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND YALLEJO.
Steamer "Monti cello."
MON., Tues., WedW'Thurs. and at 9 -43
a. m.. 3:15. 8:30 p. to. (ex. Thurs. night)- Triril
'days, 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m»- i
p. va. Landing and office, Mlsslon-straat Doc*
Pler No. t Telephono Main 15C8.
PARE ,..„,.„...•....„,„« Hq
AUCTION SALES
£* £5 fea
GRAND AUCTION SALE
—OF— •
THOROUGHBRED
YEARLINGS
From the SONOMA STOCK FARM. JAMES
B- CIIA3E, Prop.
And from the N'APa STOCK FARM, A. Bt
„,.,„ SPRECKELS. Prop.
TUESDAY EVENING, NOV. 2T,
Commencing at 7-45.
OCCIDENTAL HO.tSE EXCHANGE,
721-73 HOWARD STREET.
WM. G. LATNG. Proprietor.
andTA rekftlS*?,, *™ """edlng-ly well-bred.
They are n^L «t^K ny downed racehorses.
ready salesyard. Catalogues"WILLIAMSPORT, Pa.. Nov. 26.— Fire at
Cross Forks last night destroyed a JeweU
ry i store and dwelling, Bodler's store,
postofflce and dwelling, Pelse's market,
ice house and dwelling, and Holmes' gro
cery. Loss $75,000.
Scarcely had the excitement over the
fire subsided then the highest flood ever
known in Kettle Creek struck the town.
It covered all . the lowlands and carried
away two bridges on the Buffalo and Sus
quehanna Railway. The tramway of the
Lacka wanna Lumber Company was so
badly damaged that It will require a week
to put it in repair.
?
San Diego Shooting Affray.
, SAN DIEGO, Nov. 26.— As a result of an
altercation in a Fourth-street restaurant
to-night, ,"W\. 8. Evans shot W. N. Wilson
in the neck. The bullet just missed the
arteries and the wound is not dangerous.
Wilson also fired a shot which went wild.
He claims that his' pistol waa discharged
by accident. Toe .cause of the affray Is
FIRE AND FLOOJD IN A
PENNSYLVANIA TOWN
After a Disastrous Blaze at Cross
Forks, Kiver Rises, Doing
Much Damage.
Indians Face Starvation.
FORT YATES. X. IX. Xov. 26.— The In-
Sullivan Accepts.'
Superintendent of Schools Webster ar
nounced yesterday that D. J. Sullivan
had accepted a drputj ship under him and
would sfpum* 1 hip duties on December 1.
Webster intends having a biographical
Fketch of Sullivan published to refute re
ports adverse to him.
This was seconded by Trustee Turner
who Is for the antl-saioon ordinance but
who made no speech. When it came' to a
vote, Staats. Dowd and Hoft voted
against postponement and Turner and
Frame for it. President Marston said
that he wanted everybody to have a
chance and voted with Turner and Frame
Trustee Le Conte'was absent and the vote
being a tte on everything, all motions
were lost and. the matter went over until
two weeks from to-night, when the flgnt
will be .resumed. If Marston maintains
his position the anti-saloon ordinance will
be killed.
to express their opinions and speeches
were made by O. G. May, J. S. Crew
Ralph Fisher, president of the Associated
Students: John Eshleman, also of the uni
versity; J. W. Richards, former president
of the Town .Trustees; E. C. Arnold and
T. S. Brady. The only man who said any
thing for- tho naloons was N. L. -Nielsen
who asked Fisher what right university
students who were not .citizens- of the
town had to dictate what should be done
in regard to saloons. .
O. G. May, who was the spokesman for
the temperance people, made a plea for
two weeks* time to show what could bo
done toward enforcement, and Trustee
Frame moved that the matter be post
poned for two weeks.
Chief Justice Beatty rendered an ex
haustive opinion on the subject. It was
co:ici'ired in by Justices Van Dyke. Uar
routte and McFarland. The latter wrote a
rpecial opinion. The court held that i in
any possible view of the law the office of
Justice of the Peace for the town «' of
It appears that the town of Berkeley
was of the fifth class and the citizens
wanted a Justice's court, but the case of
Minor against the Justice's court knocked
it out. The Legislature In 1893 parsed a
special act permitting a city or town" to
t.'ike a special census of inhabitants id de
termine Us class for the purpose of hav-*
ing a Justice's court. In accordance with
thul act, a census was taken and It de
veloped that the population had Increased
to such a degree that the town was in the
fomth class and was entitled to a Jus
tice's court. Under the general munici
pality act, the Board of Supervisors ap
pointed Robert Edgar Justice of tho
Peace. The Board of Trustees of Berko
ley then passed an ordinance making it a
misdemeanor for any one to dispose of
malt or spirituous liqucrs within the town
ship. Fedderwltz and a number of others
violated the ordinance and they. were con
victed by Justice Edgar.
' Fedderwltz claimed that his imprison
ment was unlawful and based Ills appeal
on three counts, viz.: Because there was
no Justice's court of. the town of Berke
ley; secondly, because thte ordinance de
fining the offense of which he wait con
victed is void, and thirdly. ne:ause the
complaint upon which he was prosecuted
did not charge the offense defined In the
ordinance.
By a vote of four to three the Supreme
Court yesterday remanded George Fed
derwitz of Berkeley to the custody of tho
Sheriff of Alameda County, and he will
be Immediately taken Into custody to
gerve. the sentence imposed upon him by
the Justice of the Pc-ace of Berkeley.
He was convicted of violating an
ordinance which prohibit!) the sell-
Ing • or giving away of malt or
spirituous liquors In the town of
Berkeley. The conviction was had before
Robert Edgar, a Justice of the Peace, and
Fedderwltz appealed to th« Superior
Court. The Judgment of the Justice's
court was affirmed and the defendant's
counsel took his case to the Supreme
Court on a writ of habeas corpus, and
again they were defeated. The caHO Is of
great Importance to the residents of
Berkeley and also the entire bar of tho
State, aB the questions of law Involved
are ably discussed In the opinions filed by
the Justices.
It -was begun when Trustee R. C.
Staats moved that the report of ', the Li
cense Committee . recommending that
the" anti-caloon.; ordinance be repealed
be ¦; adopted. This was seconded by
Trustee Thomas Dowd, and then
speeches began. : An opportunity, was
given to the temperance' people
BERKELEY, Nov. ,26.— The anti-saloon
license of Berkeley .was given another
two weeks* leaie of life by the Trustees
to-night, but it'was only a' postponement
of its death, for four, of the seven Trus
tees spoke In favor of -Its repeal. \. ,
of Liquor Is Apparently Doomed.
Berkeley Ordinance Prohibiting Sale
W> think the ordinance Is valid so far as it
relates to the charge apalnst the petitioner.
As to the other matters the case calls for no
expression of opinion. VFe think the com
plaint was sufficient and the petitioner Is re
manded.
Justice Temple wrote a dissenting cpm
!on. which was concurred In by Jubilees
litp.Phaw and. Harrison. He declares th.it
the Legislature exceeded Its authority i:i
pup.-Inp, an act permitting a special (.'num
eration of any municipality, and In con-
Ptquence the appointment of a Justice of
the Peace by the Board j of Supervisors
was illegal, and the Justice had no furlfl
dlctlon to pass upon any violation of any
oidnip.nce of the city of Berkeley; In other
word?, that the special enumeration could
not be made valid and that the Cjfibslu
catlon must be in . accordance with the
Gereral Government census, wlr.ch
makes the township one of the fifth ciass.
.• ''-•;"¦ ',, ? — - '¦-
SALOONS MAY SOON OPEN.
Another objection to the ordinance wu that
It creates a favorite cla.se, viz.: licensed drug
gists and physicians, who by combining to
gether and complying wl»h eapy conditions
may carry on the traffic in intoxicating llquois
to any extent. ¦
The charge upon which the jetitlonrr was
convlcteil was that of selling and givin.sr away
malt and spirituous' liquor*. It is not all>:ff«d
that he kept a saloon, but that he was other
wife engaged In the traffic either as a whole
sale or retail dealer and the question is
whether the ordinance contain* a valid pro
hibition ngaln*t the act chai-jred.
Berkeley has had a lejfal existence ever
¦ilice the revocation of the Freeholders'
•onartc- In 1S9G. The office existing. It
<i,uid be legally filled and the title of the
irvumbent could not be assailed collater
ally In this proceeding. Continuing, the
court says tno next question to be con
slflertd Is the validity of the ordinance
upon which the petitioner was convfcto>?.
Tho ordinance Is then discussed at lengtn
and thn Chief Justice says:
The Supreme Court Decides That Fedderwitz.Was
Lawfully^ Convicted.
BERKELEY CAN PROHIBIT
THE SALE OF LIQUORS
SHE IS DAUGHTER
OF WARREK HEATOH
Jennie M. Heaton Will In
herit Property Laft
• by Him.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1113 Hroadway, Nov. W.
Judge Greene decided to-day that Jen
nie M. Heaton is the Illegitimate daugh
ter of Warren I>. Heaton and granted her?
letters of administration on his estate. By
the decision Mtes Heaton will come in for
about JoOOO in personal property which
was left by the deceased. The real prop
erty of Heaton. which he deeded to two
nieces before his death, will be the sub
ject for a big legal contest, as the attor
neys for Miss Heaton will attack the va
lidity of the deeds.
When Heaton died on Augmst 31 That ho
left property valued at about $25,000, all
except the JoOOO in personal property be
ing represented by real estate. The per
sonal property Heaton bequeathed to his
nieces. The real property, consisting of
three pieces, was deeded to the nieces and
the deeds were filed the dav after his
death. It 13 this procedure that the at
torneys will attack on the ground that
the delivery wa.« not lepal. The daughter.
Miss Jennie M. Heaton. and a nephew, A.
C. Palm, were Ignored entirely by Healon
In the disposition of hia property.
After the announcement of the terms of
Heaton's will Miss Heaton immediately
filed an appl\cat!on for letters of adminis
tration. - She Tiased her claim to the estate
upon her relation as daughter of the de
ceased. Later the contest was heard be
fore Judge Greene and testimony was In
troduced to establish Miss Heaton'3
claims. It was shown that she was born
in 1S65 at Lincoln. Cal. .The fact of ma
ternity was not fixed, but many witnesses
testified that Miss Heaton passed as War
ren Heatrei's dauchter. She was elgrht
years old w'^jfn Heaton married Mrs. M.
N. May. who had had charge of her since
her Infancy. Her life was traced from the
time she was ono year old to the pres
ent. It appears that during all that tirao
she was with Mrs. May. both before and
after she married Heaton in 1*72.
CENTRISTS DESIRE THE
RETURN OF THE JESUITS
Introduce a Bill in the Reichstag Al
lowing Freer Worship to
Catholics.
.BERLIN. Nov. 26.— The Centrists have
introduced a bill In the Reichstag allow
ing Catholics and other dissenters freer
w'orship and allowing the return of the
Jesuits.
The Colonial budget which has reached
the Reichstag: provided for an estimated
deficit of 37,332.151 marks. The revenues
are estimated at only 7,073.000 marks. All
the colonies show large deficits. That of
German Samoa la 14S.0OO marks. Kiao
chau needs 10.730.000 marks. The revenues
there are only -300.000* marks.
' The Samoa, estimate includes provision
for tnlrty-six policemen.
COAST BREVETIES.
¦WOODI«ANT>.» Xor. K. — Ex-Snpervisor
Schnerley baa suffered two paralytic stroke
within the last four. days. Only his ieft «!d»
is affected. ll-» was resorted to be mach lm->
proved to-day, but his friends are mucii
alarmed.
MONTEREY. Xov. 26.— New* comes from ths
Sur district. ' on* of the- chief cattle raisln«
cectlAiw of Monterey County, that the recent
heavy rains have brought the grass up In such
abundance that feed for cattle for the enttr*
season is assured.
'SACRAMENTO, Nor. O.— A freight train
was wrecked on the Central Pacific Railroad,
two miles e«st of Towle station, last rtght.
S«ven cars left the track and were oadly
smashed. A wreck train wa* sent from this
rlace ; to clear the track. Railroad traffic was
delayed for several hours.
IXVS ANGELES. Nov. M.— William A. Clark
will leave here to-morrow for the East, to re
train until the first of the year, when he wtll
return to Montana to> further his interests in
the Senatorial coniest In the State Legislature.
En route, to the East b* will stop at his cop
per mines In Jerome, Ariz., and at his coa.1
mines near Gallup, N. II.
LOS ANGELES. Nov. »— Brlfra<Jier General
Francis V. Greene, retired, the first American
military Governor of the Philippines, arrived
here to-day and will spend a week or more
In, this vicinity. It la said he Is here partly
on business connected with his Interest in what
is known as the "Asphalt Trust." and later
purposes to take a short rest at Coronado.
Siberia la no longer to be a penal colony.
The imperial decree abolishing the former
etatns Is the result of the buitdlns of the
Tran»-Sibertan Kailroad. Nothing- can compare
to the rapid settlement of the vast Siberian
ptalna by the inrashirg fanners, unless tt be
the rapid growth achieved by that famous
dyvpepsla cure. Hostetter'n Stomach Blttera.
Try It for constipation. Indigestion, dyspepsia,
biliousness or flatulency. If you wouM b<» well.
Siberian Prisons Abolished.
raid to havo been a woma,n. . Wll3on keeps
a 5?loon and Evans is a barkeeper In
another ralcon.
WILL CONNECT "WITH
SOME WESTERN RAILWAY
Extension of the Bellingham Bay
Road Not to Stop at the
Cascade Mountains.
NEW WHATCOM. Nov. 2S.-J. J. Dona
van of the Belllngham Bay and British
Columbia Railway announced to-day that
the extension of that Toad now being built
to a point about half-way up the western
slope of the Cascade Mountains would not
end there, but would go a considerable
distance further, and that the contract
would soon be let for the. work. The pres
ent extension was Intended to reach only
to the company's coal mines on Boulder
Creek, but the announcement made to
day. It Is understood, means that the road
is to be built acros the Cascade Moun
tains to a connection with one of the big
Western roads, which is seeking a route
to tidewater. The Belilngham Bay and
British Columbia Railroad has had an en
gineering corps In 'the field for the last
ninety days trying to find a pass thniugh
the mountains, and the announcement
made to-day indicates the success of Its
mission. The Belllngham Bay and British
Columbia Railroad Is owned by D. O. Mills
of New York and Alvinxa Hayward and
P. B. Cornwall of San Francisco.
PLAYWRIGHT HOYT'S
LAST WILL FILED
leaves Nothing to Relatives, as He
Says They Have Never Shown
Him Friendship.
NEW YORK. Nov. 26.— The -will of
Charles H. Hoyt, the playwright, was
filed to-day in the Surrogate's office.' It
was executed October 15. 1SP8. After mak
ing bequests to personal friends and em
ployes, the testator sava:
"It is my wish that the theatrical busi
ness of Hoyt and McKee be continued
and conducted solely by Frank McKee
as It is now managed, the said Frank Mc-
Kee to receive all of my share of the
profits thereof as a recompense for his
services, excepting such portion as la
hereinbefore benueathed to Elwood M.
Dasher. On thf death of said Frank Mc-
Kee the said business shall cease."
The residuary legatees are the Lambs
Club of this city and the Actors' Fund.
"In making my will at the present
time," the will concludes. "I have no rela
tives nearer than cousins to be considered
by me. and my cousins and distant rela
tives have never shown by any act any de
sire for my friendship or good will: hence
I have deemed it more consistent with fair
dealing and justice to dispose of my prop
erty to those who. during my life, have
been my constant companions and well
wishers and to such charities as in my
judgment are fitting." * .
TRAGEDIES OF A DAY
-IN THUEE STATES
Fatal Shootings Occur in Kentucky
and Iowa and Kansas Man
Is Injured.*
MIDDLESBORO. Ky.. Nov. 26.— John
Hubbard was shot and killed by police of
ficers here to-day while resisting arrest.
He nred at the officers and ran. A hot fire
was kept up by both parties until Hub
bard fell lifeless. . While this affair waa
going on. Will Watkins and M. C. Bowl
inson were engaged in a duel a few
squares away. In which ' Watklns was
fatally Injured. Bowlinson escaped.
AL.BIA. la.. Nov. 26.— Dr. Hamilton was
shot and killed at •• Marysville to-day.
AJfred Ahn is under arrest charged with
the crime. It Is alleged that Ahn had
made threats' that he would kill Hamil
ton because, of domestic troubles. . ,
W'ICHITA. Kas. u Nov. 25.— At Klngman
last night the city marshal shot Charles
FolU. a barber, while he w*s trying to
rob the Dostofflce. . He /has 'an even
chance to recover.. .-•> ¦";-;¦:
The Day's Dead.
EDWAKD THOBP IS CALLED.
California Argonaut.
Veteran of the Mexican War and
LOI?I, Nov. 26.— Edward Thorp, a pio
neer of this State and county, died last
night at his home a few miles from here.
Mr Thorp led an eventful life in his
younger days. When the war with Mexico
broke out 'he enlisted under Scott and
took part ih many of the battles following
the invasion of Mexico. Having served
through the campaign he wan determined
to make his home in the Far West. With
the news of gold in California he left the
East crossing the plains by ox team, and
after many exciting adventures with the
Indians he reached this State in 1850. Giv
ing up mining for ranching, he was one
of the original settlers In this county. He
became a large landholder and one of the
most wealthy and influential farmers In
the county.
Mr. Thorp was 74 years old at the time
of his death. He is survived by a widow,
twelve children and twenty-nine grand
children. The funeral will take place to
morrow.
General G. 8. Smith.
SAN JOJsiS. Nov. 26.— General G. S.
Smith, who was Surveyor General of Ne
braska under President Ha3es and lat*r
City Attorney of Omaha, died to-«lay of
heart trouble, aged 54 years. He came to
San Jose for his health about six months
ago.
David £. Elaine.
SEATTLE. Nov. 26.— David E. Blalne.
who built the first church In Seattle, died
here to-day of old are. t He. was born in
New York- in 1824. and was sent to Seattle
as a missionary In ISM by the Methodist
Episcopal Church. The church was built
the following year.- ¦,
BERLIN, Nov. 28.— Professor Boyscbta*
professor of divino right in the University
of Halle.' la dead. •
Professor Boyschlag.
the Men Who Serve the City in
the Police Department.
A We upheaval is expTtcd among the
mf-mbcrs of th«' t'an Francisco Police De-
PArtm<»rit shortly. Chief of Police W. . P.
Sullivan ha? had prepared charts and dia-
ETS8U cf the city, with a view of subdi
viding the same to suit present condi
tions. As his plant* matured he consulted
t!s the Police Commissioners,
3nd it is paid they have agreed with him
as to neceF><iry changes in the depart
ment.
The Civil Service Commission recently
;:r.r.ounced the names of a lot of eligibles
for th<^ awkward squad. There are tnlrty
8i\ vacancies at the present time and it
is the intention of the Commissioners to
*!1 these from the eligible list, thus brin^
in§: the force up to its normal strength;
t:ut n<--t Dp Jo that allowed by the charter.
With the ar-pointment of the thirty-six
rew m<>n will come the promotion of five
fcrgeants to the rank of lieutenants and,
as a mattt-r of course, five corporals to
th«> rank of Fergr-ar.ts.
The live sergeants standing highest in
the roll according to seniority are: Steph
en Bunner, Fred Brown. John Duncan.
H. H. Colby and John W. Moffitt. There
:ire others competent to fill the places,
fiut under the civil service clause and in
fairness to th^se men in recognition of
iholr long- and faithful service it is un
derstood the Commissioners are disposed
to advance them.
When these promotions are made there
trill be two lieutenants at each .station
where there are captains, while another
Trill have charge of the park district and
a portion of the Western Addition, prob
ably the O'Farrell-stroct and North End
stations.
Captain Dunl^avy will not be permitted
to wear himself out doing duty both day
and nigtot. One lieutenant will go to the
Feventeenth-streot station, one to Captain
Spillane. two to the harbor and one to
the Western Addition. This contemplated
iidiancern^nt will be the. means of giving
Corporal J». J. Hagarty. of the Seven
teenth-street station, his long overdue re
ward, as he has been a corporal for fifteen
years. Hagarty is pronounced one of the
most efficient non-commissioned officers
on the force. He hap been acting lieuten
ant for the Mission for the past three
years.
SHOULDER STRAPS
TOE FIVE SERGEANTS
Promotions Ar3 Contemplated Among
The bleachers had been built on sloping
prouiid with the rear props resting on
flat board ?. The ground had become soft
fncd by the rocent heavy rains and under
the groat weight the props. sKd out, caus
ing the bloachers to fall.
fell many were injured by striking the
cress beams . and then dropping to the
ground. A high board fence under the
bleachers was broken down by the weight
of falling men. There was a wild scram
ble for safety, but most of «he men wer?
so enmeshed among the broken boards
that they were unable to extricate them
selves without assistance.
The accident had its fortunate side, for
there were no women on the seats which
gave way. On either side of the section
that went down there were hundreds o*
women students and their friends. Thf»
wieck*»d seats were In the center of the
row of bleachers and are always reserved
fr,r the rooters. The section was the
highest on the field, the top being twenty
five feet from the ground.
There was an immense crowd present
on the campus, one oi the largest ever
taking part In a college demonstration.
The bleachers were already covered with
people when the rooters, headed by the
band and the football team, came march
ing down to the' field. The rooters
marched around the gridiron and then a
rush was made for seats. Those already
on the bleachers crowded up to make
room for th« men coming. Several hun
dred rooters surged up on the bleachers.
Every inch of space was occupied, when
the upper half of the seats for a dis
tajice of thirty feet broke down.
There was hardly a . second'p warning
before two hundred men were piled In a
struggling mass on the ground. As they
The injured were promptly removed
from the field and given metrical atten
tion.
O. N. Nicely, lips and face cut
BERKELEY ROOTERS EXTRICATING THEMSELVES FROM THE
WRECKAGE OF THE COLLAPSED SECTION OF BLEACHERS .
WHICH GAVE WAY DURING THE BIG RALLY ON THE CAMPU§.
"Fellow..-.." said Smith. "I'm glad to get
hold of this ax. I wish I iculd take It
into the game and rive Stnnf^rd a whack.
But I'll tell you this, fellows: if vou show
the spirit Thursday that you have shown
to-day we'll win that game."
The day's rally, undoubtedly the btggest
and most enthusiastic ever held in Berke
ley, eloped by the band leading the root
ers through town. -
In appointing his successor. Drum said:
, "In turning the ax over to the next cus
todian I have chosen a man prominent in
college affairs, an athlete and a football
man. His name is 'Locomotive Smith.' "
Six cheer* were given for Smith— threo
were not enough for the enthusiastic col-
Ictfians.
Three cheers were given for "ripping
things up." Then George Golden told the
men how Berkeley was going to win.
Alexander Adler gave the nlstory of the
Stanford ax and hew it was captured by
California men.
"Boys. 1 must say that you have shown
the proper spirit at last_ We must have
that spirit to get in behind our men and
help them win. Yell on Thanksgiving day
whether we win or lose, and if we win,
and we will, get in and rip things up."
Schwartz v, as master of ceremonies at
the appointment of the new custodian. He
led the wild cheering and called for the
speakers. Ezra Decoto, the first to speak,
paid:
A bip procession was formed at the
gymnasium 'at . 4 o'clock. The hand, led
by Drum Major Howard Squires, led. The
football men came next, then the root
ers, 500 strong. Leading the rooters were
Will P. Drum, retiring custodian of the
p.x, and Milton Schwartz, yell leader. The
rooters formed in a line four abreast and
arm in arm. They surged across the cam
pus, doing the famous "serpentine"
march. After watching the football prac
tice the men returned to the pymnaslum.
whero from the east steps Will P. Drum
pieced the Stanford ax in the hands of the
new custodian. AVhrn Smith went up on
the steps and took the ax the yell that the
rooters gave was deafening.
The rally itself was the largest ever
held in Berkeley, partly due to th" fact
that the Stanford ax was brought out,
and the further fact of its being the foot
ball team's last public practice. There is
an abundance of enthusiasm at the uni
versity. Warren \V. Smith, right half on
the vaislty eleven, was appointed custo
dian of th«» famous ax.
nected with th? interests of Pleasanton,
and leaves many friends.
The offense which landed them in jail
«ru committed on a hoy named Steinberg,
'i'li^y held him up and took a pocket
knife and several dimes from him> The
boyi have been watched for pome weeks,
and tfco'r offenses have been numerous.
The two boya have been the terror of
the neighborhood of the Presidio for
¦HMics. ihuupn they have confined their
pperattona chiefly to the boy? attending
th»' Pacific Heights school. The younj?
miscreant? have been in the habit nf con
newHng themselves in the bru.«=h in the
vacant lots alviut the school until they
waylaid gome unprotected boy on h!s way
home. They would theu hold their victim
up in the most approved fashion and
o>:act toll of nil he had in his pockets.
Willie OurtH, as^d 11. colored, and Wart
Muller, aped V>. two yxmag criminals who
have gained noterietjr as the blue and the
gray, were arro.=t?d last night by Police
man C. J. Merchant. They will probably
be booked for a public institution, as they
are too roung to serve in State's prison
for burglary, the crime with which they
are charged.
Team of Young Desperadoes
Who Terroi\z3d School
Children Arrested.
BOY HIGHWAYMEN
ARE CAPTURED
SOUTH BEND, Wash., Nov. 26.— The
British four-masted # bark Poltallock. Cap
tain Young:, In ballast from Santa Rosalia
to Portland, went ashore at 2 o'clock this
morning about two miles north of the
entrance to Wallapa harbor. She has lost
all anchors and lies stern on in a peril
ous position. The tug Astoria stayed near
her all day, but on account of the heavy
seas was unable to pass a line. The tug
arrived here this evening to telegraph for
another tug, and brought thirteen of the
crew of the Poltalloch who came off in a
boat.
British Vessel Loses Her Anchors
and Lies Stern On in a
Perilous Position.
BARK POLTALLOCK
ASHORE OFF. WILLAPA-
I^ONDON, Nov. 26.— Since the Czar's iil
r.css has apparently assumed a serious
turn It has been the daily practice of
brokers In Paris, London and elsewhere
to announce his Majesty's death. Hence,
probably, the reports of the Czar's death
have reached New York.
"The Emperor passed a good day yes
terday. He was able to slesp a little and
had some perspiration. At 4 o'clock in
the afternoon his temperature was '.'9.3;
pulse, n. At 9 o'clock in the evening his
temperature was 99.5; pulse, 72.
"His Majesty passed a good night He
perspired profusely. This morning the
august patient's condition was very sat
isfactory- At 9 o'clock his temperature
was 95.8; pulse, 70.
"In the general course of his illness a
distinct Improvement is observable."
LIVADIA, European Russia. Nov. 26. 11
a. m.— The following bulletin regarding
the Czar's condition has been Issued:
His Death.
Daily Practice of Announcing
Brokers in Paris and London Make
CZAR'S CONDITION IS
MORE SATISFACTORY
Establishment of a naval reserve under
the control and general direction of the
Secretary of the Navy.
Consolidation of the bureaus of con
struction and repair, steam engineering
and equipment.
Abolition of the present method of re
grEding officers ani the enactment at leg
islation authorizing the President to
award medals.
Urgpss an Immediate Increase in the
WASHINGTON. Nov. 25.— These are the
principal recommendations contained in
the annual report of Secretary of the
Navy Long:
Authorization of two battleship*!, two
armored cruisers, six gunboats, three col
lier*, one transport, one repair ship and
two training vessels.
Revival of the grade of vice admiral.
Increase of the commissioned and enlist
ed forces by making the course oi in-
Btructlon at the Naval Academy four
years end immediately authorizing the en
listment of 50O0 additional men.
Commissioned and Enlisted
Forces of the Navy.
LONG RECOMMENDS
IMPORTANT CHANGES
NEW YORK. Nov. K.-Madame Sarah
Eernhardt, after working until 2:45 this
morning in perfecting ;he details of her
farewell American tour and then remain-
Ing in bed all day with a high fever, made
her llrst appearance to-night In "L'Aig
lon" at tne Garden Theater before one
of the most representative audiences ever
seen in America.
Aside from the fact thHt Bernhardt has
just returned to this country after an ab
sence of five years, the occasion was made
notable by her appearance with Constant
Coquelin. This is the first tlm*» that the.^e
two great artists have appeared together
since itXl, when they left the Comedie
Francaise and made their first appear
ar.ee In the United States. In addition to
this. "L'Aiglon" was played In this
country in its entirety for the first time.
So large was the attendance that It was
absolutely necessary to stop selling ex'en
admission tickets at the highest price«.
Bernhardfs engagement in this city
under the i .rection of Maurice Grau will
last five weeks. After that she will make
a tour of the country.
Theater "With Constant
Coquelin.
Appears in L'Aiglon at the Garden
BEBNHABDT GREETED
BY LARGE AUDIENCE
Kr?U li. Kju-y. hand, s*uirht!y; t'onpany
B, Twenty-seventh Infiuitry, Sergeant
Danie! uuup, loins, slight; Harry S. ootto,
hand, slight; Iwenty-seventh Infantry.
Battalion Stifcant Alajor Daniel W. Car
denas, !ace, si.sht. l J aiitiian. Luzon, Com
pany I, Forty-sixth intantry, (.:harles T.
Smith, arm, slight; William E. Turner,
thii;h. moderate; November 11, Bulucan,
Panay. Company L, Korty-seventh Infan
try, AuRUPt Nelson, arm, stricus; Octo
ber 21. Ouadulupe, Cebu, Company N.
Nineteenth Infantry, .Iohn I). Hottman.
hip. severe; Cook Joseph M. Porter, thigh,
Plight; November 16. Abucay. Luzon Com
pany F. Thirty-second Intarury. John L.
Le~3, thit;h, moderate; October 1(J, Pavo,
i.'atadu< > n«!', Company C. P^orty-seventh
Infantry. Corporal John \V. Jackson,
head, serious; November 10. Subig, Luzon.
Twenty-fifth Infantry. Corporal Arthur
R. D. Smith., thiph, serious; November IS.
Sapta Cruz. Luzon. Troop K, Fourth Cav
alrv Musician Thomas Mutuohewica. neck,
3'-r:nup; November 16, Nortidfty, '.ur.on,
Philippine Cavalry, Clarcrco M. Condon,
sec«>r.ci li?.itenant, chest, sligiit.
November 11. Bulucan. Par.r;y, Company
L. Forty-reventn Infantry. \Y. Hoii.ns*
*vonh: November 14, Amunm. Luzon.
Company *•', Signal Corps. Mtrgeant Kooin
C. Toda; November 22. Montaiuan, ;ijzon.
Company K. Twenty-seventh Infantry,
William H. Hart Jr.: Company A. torty
tecc nd Infantry. Lawrence f. Kappner.
The War uepanrrent has also received
the toHowin? list of casualties in the 1'hil
ippines iruiu oenoiat MacAHhur at Ma
niu.:
WASIilXGTOX, i\ T ov. 2 j.— General Mnc-
Ar'hur. it Manila, reports that tSec-Td
Lieutenant John Kennedy. Signal Cor^s.
was accidentally k.li.d Situr.lay evening,
in-? 2<th inst. Kennedy enlisted as a pn
va;e ana corporal of Troop M, cJcveritn
Cavalry, ;>nd in May, DuO, wus appointed
Beocna u^utenant at the voiuntetr nigual
Corps, ami served in the Philippines up to
the time of his d<ea'h.
Accidentally Killed.
dians have accepted with philosophy the
recommendation of Commissioner Jones
that their rations be Immediately stopped.
Their condition Is pitiable. Their crdps
were a total failure and their rations «re
just enough to keep them alive.
CASUALTIES IN PHILIPPINES.
Second Lieutenant John Kennedy Is
THE LATE MRS. JUAXA HIGU
ERA. BEHXAL NEVIS OF AL
AMEDA.
CHARLES M. BOCK. OAKLAND
MAN. WHO IS AMONG THE
MISSING.
i* — — ~ — •.-
Berkeley; xov. 26.— a section
of the bleachers pave way on the
University of California football
grounds this afternoon during
the bis college football rail- and
two hundred rooters went down with a
crash among the broken timbers. Few
escaped without bruises. Among those
inrst Forlcuply hurt are:
D. A. Gordenker, left shoulder dislocat
ed, rail in foot.
Seymour Hall; h:p in'ured.
< arl Jone«\ bruised on head and bedy.
W alter Sherman, hip sprained.
Irving- \V. Robbins, leg bruised.
It. B. Mitchell, leg bruised.
11. X. Linsley, leg bruised.
Two Hundred Students Thrown to the Ground Amid
Broken Timbers During Big Football Demon-
OAKLAND, Nov. 26.— Charles M.
Heck of this city has been miss
ing from his none since October
_ ', antl he has b«"en traced to San
Uiego and thence Into Mexico,
whrre all trace of him was lost. No rea
son can be assigned for his dropping cut
of sight and his family and Pacific Lodge
No. i of me Workmen are trying to lo
cate him.
Mr. Hock baa lived In Oakland for twen
tv-!ive years, and during ::early all that
lime was emplcyed by faohst Brothers 'n
Uifir carriage ir.anmaetory. n«! was n
rrn.n of steady habits. Out of late lsns been
::i sucn \> >»r health mat be has been un
a e to wcrk and this has preyed upjn
liis mind. He left heme on October 20 and
was traced to San iranciscn. where he
took passage on the steamer and v/ent to
San Di^gj. There uc stopped at the
Adams House and afterward took the
siafe for l^ower California.
Hock's description is as follows: Age,
Z* years: height, live f*»et seven inches;
cornplexirn. dark: weight, 120 pounds; fig
ure, rather steered. v
The missirg man is rne of the oldest
members of Harliic Lrdpe So. 7. A. O. I".
\V. and any information as to his where
abouts would be thankfully re<*etvp<i hv
J. S. Gilmore, recorder of the lodge, 54C
William street, Oakland.
Charles M. Bock ? for Twenty-five Years
a Resident of Oakland, Unac
countably Leaves.
DISAPPEARS AFTER
REACHING MEXICO
ROOTERS HURT BY COLLAPSE
OF BLEACHERS AT A RALLY
Mrs. Juana Higuera Bernal Nevis, Mem
ber of Old Spanish Family, Dies
of Heart Disease. %
PLEASANTON. Nov. 26.-Mr*.
Juana lligue'ra Bernal Xevi? d!o I
yesterday at her home In this city
at the age of 75 years and I>>
months. She had been suffering
from heart trouble for some years, and
she finally succumbed to an attack yes
terday morning:.
Mrs. Nevis was the w'fe of Joseph Nevis
of this city and wns or.c of the beat
known' women In the Live-more Valley.
Hrr maiden name wns Juana IPguera and
she was born in SaitT Clara C^unty.n'ar
the old mission of Santa Cnra. In 1S75
H<-rs wa< onp of the nriK'na' Spnn'sh fam
illrs that settled In California when It was
yet under Spanish rule. They located at
the old Santa Clara M'ssion and oy.ed
thousands of acres of the fertile lands of
that val'ey.
In those day3 there were few settler*
where Oaklard now lies, and the jrrcat
route of travel xvr** from the Santa Clara
Mirslon to the Ml?3'on San' Jose, at the
mouth of- the XI!es Canyon, and then
through the T.Iverrrore Val'ey into the
San Jraquin. AKjrusfre Re:nal owned the
great Rancho el VaJle de San Jose, con
sisting of nearly Pll nf th<» Uvermire
Valley and by far the best portion. He
wooed Juana Hlguera. and In 1850 Ihey
were married and came to live where
Plea?anton now stands. She tore nine
children, three of whem are now living.
Augustine I\ Pemal. Jo5» Reyes Berna'
and Antore IT. B^rnal. After the death of
her first husband she married Joseph
Nevis, who survives, her- Her second mar
ringTp took place In 1S75.
Mr?. N«vla l£f£ a valuab'e e«tate. for
she owned much prnnerty In and about
Pieasar.ton. She had always been con-
DEATH CALLS HER
FROM LIFE'S SCENE
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL,, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 27, 1900.
9
FOOD IN NEW YORK.
An Experienced Physician's Work.
Vr. Hylande MacGraUi In experimenting
on tha result of food on his own body,
says: "After fating four heaping tea-
ppoons of Grape-Xuts with a little cream.
I had occasion to walk about fourteeji
miles nnd was surprised at my feeling of
Ftrength and buoyancy. On other ooca-
t-ions. when I have taken careful note of
my feelings and sensations, I hax-e dis-
covered that Intellectual tasks are com-
paratively easy when usin? Grape-Xuts
at each meal.
"Of rourse I understand that the theory
regardlng Grape-Xuts is practically per-
fect. That is, the food contains elements
that are well known, and. furnished in a
concentrated and quite delicious form, it
is reasonable to expect results, but the
physiral demonstration of these results
in more -satisfactory, always, than the
mere statement of theory.
"Grape-Xuts combined with fruit and
reasonable %-egetables I prescribe to ail-
ing women and delicate men, and have
not had a case yet that has not furnished
pratlfylng results. A nervous. Irritable
man of 72 became fat and amiable using
Grape-Nuts food as a regular (but not
exclusive) diet.
*'I have found slender. ana«mlc girls
improved rapidly Jn health, eplrfts, weight
and looks, on Grape-Xuts food. It wouid
l>e a blessing to thousands of such gir!s
if this food was used more largely in
boarding schools and seminaries, not to
be administered as medicine, but as a
pure, healthful and highly nourishing
food." Dr. MacGrath lives at 96 Fifth
ave.. New York. ¦
GEAPE-NUTS.
SIGNATURE (Ll/\ I
() LIEBI6 I
BtWARE OF -JUST AS COOOS-jTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 27, 1900.
10
HE FAILED! had he practiced bookkeeping a
short time with expert Tarr. i20 Parrot bldg.,
he would not: be wise.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market at.; day
and evening; individual instruction, J8 per
month; life scholarship. $50; bookkeeping,
shorthand, telegraphy, etc.; catalogue free.
BOOKKEEPING or shorthand— If you want to
learn In a limited time, take private lessoj*.
from an experienced teacher. M. W. COR-
NELL, room 63, Thurlow block, 126 Kearny at.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law ' and medical
collegea; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
BA5 FRAS CISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE -of The Ban Francisco
Can, corner of Market anfl Third atreeta; open
cntn 22 o'clock m- night In toe year.
BRANCH OFFICES— C37 Montgomery street.
ccrr-er Clay; open until. *:30 p. m.
SOO Hayes street: open ontil J:30 p. m.
«J8 McAllister street; open until 8:» p. m.
CIS Larkin atreet: open until »:S0 p. m.
1M1 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
Cfl Market street* corner Sixteenth; open
crt'.l I p. m. "
10€ Eleventh street: open antll 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia rtreet; open until t p. m.
Iforthwert corner Twenty-Becond and Ken-
tncky rtreetg; open until 9 p. m.
MEETING KOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5. R. A. M.. ft
-rill meet THIS (TL'ESDAT) EVEN-_A
ING. Nov. 27, ct 7::» o'clock. M. M. V 2?
degree. By order of the H. P. f\r*
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
GOLD IT N Gate Lodge No. 30. F. and ¦
A- M.— Called meeting THIS (TTJES-^_\_
PAT) EVENING, at 7.30 o'clock. X_K
D. 2. By or<!er of W. M. <?'
EDWIN L. MEYER, gecrctary.
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 1*4, F. and A. m
M.— Officers and members are hrrtby __P\_
requested to attend the funeral of jLl\
JOSEPH F. BRAGLT, late of Morris /^r >
Lodge No. ?2. Denver, Colo., from the Ma-
conic Temple. TUESDAY. Nov. .77. at 1
p. m. Master Masons are friends are re-
epectfu'ly Invited. A. S. HUBBARD, Secy.
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144, F. and A. •
M.— Tfcird degree THIS (TCESDAT) _J\_
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. X_»C
A. 8. HtTBBARD. Secretary. /V*
ANNUAL MEETING— The regular annual
meeting of the stockholders of the Paauhau
£ugar Plantation Company will be held at
the cfBce cf the company. No. 827 Market et..
•Ean Francisco. Cal.. en SATURDAY, the 1st
£ay of r>«ceznt>er. 1900. et the hour of 11
o'clock a. m., for the purpose, of electing a
beard cf directors to eerre for the ensuing
year and the transaction of such other bu«l-
¦neas im ixa>*come before the meeting. Trans-
fer books will close on TTTESDAY. November
SO. 1S0Q. at S o'clock p. m.
E. H. FIJELDON. Secretary.
AGENTS WANTED.
fZOO to ttOO PER month: men or women: salary
or cnTnmiFelon. ?^7 Market et.. room CIS.
ASPHALTUM ROOFING.
J. PELTIER, asphalt rocflng. aldewalka re-
ratred: postal. HSC Mlfalr.n; tel. Folsom 1607.
ASTROLOGY.
IDR. C. TOUEEY TAYLOR. Scientific Attrolo-
rn — Fr»» mriy "The New Moon." 765 Market.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
IL TV KING . erTVlarket et. , 6th floor, room «27
— Estates, damage*, attachments, bankruptcy.
collections; all cases; fair fee«; no advance
charges;; loans on estates. Tel. Howard 1537.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
r.o fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, S50 Market, cor. Stockton.
I. EDYl\ JAKHETT. Hearst bldg.. Third and
Market Ms.; phone Red^D**??.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON". 827 Market 6t.. opp. Mason.
L. S. CLAKK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. S27 Mar-
ket Ft.: consultation fr»-e: no fees In advance, j
BATH CAMXETS.
TlOBINSON. Niagara, Perfection and others. W.
fi. BROWN CO.. agency. 426 Ellis at.. S. F.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
GERMAN lady wishes one or two children to
board: rr.otber*6 care. «;*> Minna at.
BTCSaVKSS CHANCES.
fjOO— COrrEE and lunch parlor doing a good
business In bost part of city; a bargain. K. |
G. WILKE. 2Chj Kearny ct.
A— JTiCiO: SALOON near Chronicle building; ee- j
t&blished years and known as one of the
leading rlaces cf the city. Call R. G.
WlUiE, 26 »» Kearny at. j
«A/— JII0O; CORNER grw*ry and bar; one block j
couth of McAllister et.; rent **S; 44 yeara I
lease; owner has two more places of busi- j
ness and xnu*.t sell one; etock will invoice |
the price. Call II G. WILKE. 2S\j Kearny. j
Jk.— J1000; SALOON with mercantile lunch, sur-
rounded by wholesale houses and factories;
business clearing tVli> per month easy; owner
keeps place In Oakland and must sacrifice.
R. G. WILKE. S6W Kearny st.
Jl— 12000; RESTAURANT and CoCe« parlor on I
Keamy Et., near Chronicle building: rent IlTb; ,
business clearing !!J0 and above per month.
cwner engaged otherwise; compelled to sacrl-
fice. OU1 K. O. WILKE. 2Ctj Kearny st.
A— $3500; CORNER liquor bar; established 40 '..
T*ar»; located ix»ar Chronicle building; 3 ;
years' lease; dal!y receipts about J60; one of \
the best paying bars in this city. Particulars
It. G. WILKE. :»4 Kearny et.
A — CORNER butcher »hop en Howard St.; do-
lcg a first -cla!«s paying cash business; must
cell at once; owner going in cattle buying.
R. G. WILKE, 264 Kearny st.
$C(K>— LADY partner wanted. German preferred, j
with beet references. In a large paying bust- \
ners estab". !sh«?d for many years. Particulars
call R. G. WILKE. 2CH Koaray at.
A—4SCM; HOTEL with 57 rooms, dining-room
ar.d bar; rent S150; l.xated 1 block from Call !
building; established years: known aa the i
best-paying s»cond-cla5s hotel In this city;
Investigate and you will find a splendid busi-
ness. R. O. WILKE. ICH Kearny st.
A— SlltX 1 ; BAKERY, corner, in Western Add.;
*stab. many years : 4 horses, wagon, etc. ; bale- \
Ing 4 barrels per day; 5 living rooms, bath;
rent. JiO; E years' lease: death of owner cause
cf eale. R. G. WILKE, 2C^ Kearny et.
PARTNER wanted In light manufacturing bus-
in*>FF; owner a practical workman: established
¦business ; prefers partner to other help; capital
required. J400. DONNELLY & CO.. €32 Markt.
flT 0— CHOP house, receipts $11 a day; cheap
rent; a bargain. LANE & CO.. 865 Market.
SSOfr-RESTAURANT; near Market; clearing »200
mo.; party 3 years In place. BA£DL<E, 3 Eddy.'
WANTED— Party with decorative art stock to
take part of Kearny-st. floor. Address
BACKUS Studio. 11 Geary at. •
¦f*OR eale — A-No. 1 stationery and candy etore;
Ixrt (iowntown location: full Investigation.
Artflm* box 4SL Call offlce.
$375— WHITE FRONT saloon.; no a— ent; call
and see. ESS Washington et., nr. Montgomery.
TAILOR ehep. pood city business and fixtures,
for Bale at a bargain. 2132 Minion st.
SALOON for pale; opposite ferry. Ill East et.,
north of Market; no agents.
LAUNDRY route for sale* Apply Empire
Laundry Co.
PHOTO Studio, 239 Mission St. ; old established!
•will cell at a bargain now; business out of
Cal. reason for selling; furnished living rooms
attached; low rent.
WELL equipped plating plant doing splendid
business, SUM: worth tlaOO; sickness compels
quick sale. Box 4SS, Call office.
CHICKENS— 100 young, laying pullet*. White
Leghorns and Minorca*; cheap. Apply at
4}40 Telegraph ave.. Oakland.
GROCERY and bar; pood business; selling ac-
count sickness. 1111 Howard at., cor. Langton.
FOR eale — Chicken ranch: good 'bargain. In-
quire at 211 Harlem at.. Oakland.
PUBLIC ADMINISTRATOR'S EALE.
Sealed bids will be received at my office, 238
Montgomery rt.. on FRIDAY. Nov. 50. at rtion,
lor 76 shares of the rtock of Lewla & Co., dfeay-
xnen. The capital atock of this concern conslsta
of 200 shares. For further Information apply to
P. BOLAXD, Public Administrator.
A SALOON with 6 roomf. also bar and fix-
ture*; 2 blocks from Call building: north of
Market; reaaona departure for the Etast. Call
for particulars at S. BLUMENTHAL A CO.,
OS and CCO Mission et.
A— J49O0; BREWERY and bottling works; own-
er bat other business; cannot attend to both;
•will cell half or whole. Bee owner. 605 Battery.
6TORE to rent in best block of Market St.;
10x20, with upper floor and large basement;
bonus wanted. Box 1032, Call office.
HOUSE and office painting done cheap by flay
or contract. Box 441. Call offlce.
J100— RESTAURANT: must be sold to-day on
account of sickness. 14S Fifth «t.
FOR eale — A 3* -room lodging-house; price rea-
sonable. 648 Howard St.. near Second.
A BRANCH offlce ior Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10SS
Vnl^n^ia t. . ... ¦
LODGI5G-IIOCSCS FOR SALE.
27 ROOMsTcn Powell St.; rent U73; price.. J1SO0
7 rooms on Taylor et.; rent $20; price.... 635
IS rooms on Geary rt.: rent S6S; price _.ir>50
14 rooms on O'Farrell St.; rent JSO; price.. 800
12 rooms on Poet rt.: rent $50; price 860
15 rooms on O'Farrell ct: rent $65; price.. 760
. 20 rooms on Mission •_: rent $60; price... 1100
16 rooms on Howard at.; rent 125;. price... 750
For Quick sales Hat your houses with A. L.
WILLKY. 816 Market st; phone black 6215.
A— a-ROOM house; central..... tUM>
20-room house: flmt data 1950
U-rootn bouse; M76: «-room fiat............ 8£»
29-room aouse; Eddy: .rent J75: onljr...... *»
FISHER & CO., 1032 Market st. '
£N>P: 11 rooms, furnished; clears 125 per mo.;
wily ttZL FISHER A CO.. lQg Market rt. t . ,
A FURNISHED hoo»e of 7 rooms; paying .well;
cheap rent. 1315 Stockton rt n . ...._.: ' t --f <
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALES.
BUYERS of lodglnr-housea will find large list;
fine bargalna In lodglng-houaes. Sample*:
102 rooms; rant $C4; price $1500.
12 rooms; rent $34; price $400. • -
We loan money to buyers at 1H per cent.
BCHWEINHARD & CO., S17 Market st, be-
tween Fifth and Sixth. Phone Mint 1911.
M. GRIFFIN. 71» Market at, room _ Free list.
New bargains every day— good paying houses.
Over 600; all sizes and prices; terms easy.
FOR eale— At a sacrifice! the rooming-house,
48S Fifth at
lt-ROOM lodging-house: paying; will aell rea-
sonable. Box 235, Call offlce. /
CARRIAGES AXD WAGONS.
COLUMBUS BUOQT CO.. clearance eale; low
wheel, rubber tire, read wagon. $S0; other
rtyles at proportionately low prices; suitable
Xmas presents. Markt, nr. 9th.. opp. St. Nlch.
FOR nale— Cheap: fine Caffrey brougham, near-
ly new. with new rubber tires and patent
French brake. Inquire St. Lawrence Stable.
473 Post st
FOR eale— Covered box wagon; first-class
order: ready for use; price low. W. F. MUIl-
ASKT. 116S Mission at.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. FQAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, als6 light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 625 Mission.
NEW & Id-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ness, work & driving horses. 15th & Valencia.
SPIRITUALISM.
MrSCdR. FARNHAM. world-renowned spirit-
ual medium; advice In all affairs of lire, iaw-
tults, divorces, deaths; unites the separated:
mining a specialty; drs. Sun., Wed.. Fri. ev's:
oome and be convinced. Permanently located
E13 Eddy ft., bet. Hyde and Larkin; no algn.
MRP J. J. WHITNEY, test, business me-
dium and life reader; also medioal clairvoy-
ant*, treats all diseases at offlce or by letter;
sittings. $1. 1164 O'Farrell st; take Ellis car.
MRS. HARLAND'S circle to-night; aleo Sun.
eve.; 10c; sittings dally. 60c, |L US Sixth st.
"CONSULT -Watson," 15S1 Mkt. st, nr. 12th:
medium, clairvoyant, psychic, palm.; 60c. $L
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circlo to-
nlght. 806 Larkin et; 10c; come, akeptlca.
EARLE'S seance to-night; tests, m'saages,
questions. 305 Taylor et.
MRS. HARRISON-Medium. test, readings; see
her dr. Tues. Thurs.. Pun. S58 Mission st.
MME. RUTH, wonderful card clairvoyant, has
returned: fee 25c and COoT 70S Elrla at.
MRS. DR GILSON. 614 Jessie St.. near 7th;
circles Tues., Thurs., Sun., 8 p. m.; sit dally.
MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium,
healer and card reader. 14« Eddy at
EDW. EARLK, slate writer, removed 800 Ellis,
cor. Taylor; Sunday night, Pythian Castle.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer, sitting*: convincing testa to-night; 10c
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, la permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket st. corner of Golden Gate ave.. room 1 25
and it: take elevator. Perfect eatiefactlon
guaranteed by mail. Send stamp for pamph-
let with tpeclal terms.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— eecond Bight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladies 60c.
gents $1: patoi. and clalr. sit $1 60. 126 Turk.
MME. BERNARD reads life fluently; advice
given in all affairs of life; satisfaction guar-
acteed: 25c up. 17 Third at, next Examiner.
MRS. B. SANDERS, 514 Taylor at. near Geary
—Clairvoyant, palmist and business medium;
ladlee 1 circle Thurs., 2 p.m.; Fri., 8; cir. 25c
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist permanently located 1143 Market, opp.
feth; private readlngB dally. 10 a. m. to S p. m.
REMOVED— The great inspirational card read-
er; price Kc and COc; hours 10 a. m. till 8 p.
| m, MADAME VAN BERGEN. ?28 Fulton at
MRS. MELVILLE, well-known clairvoyant wa-
ter reader, moved to 11 Sixth; German spoken.
MRS. CAMERON, clairvoyant, card reader, me-
dium: 25o up. 823 Mission, nr. 4th; ring bell.
MME. eCHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
j sittings dally. 4iS»4 Jessie at. •
; MME. ZEREDA, the gypsy, is the great palm-
I 1st and card reader; 25c. 7 Seventh st.
i MRS. E. M. DUVAL. clairvoyant and bualnesa
medium. SIS Kearny et. roo*ms 8-10.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; I5c 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reada life fluently; business
advice; namee given; 25c up. 6 Fourth at
CARPET BEATI>G j^P. .pj-^*?. 1 *?;
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
aend tp EPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
lng Works. 353-357 Tehama at; tel. South 40.
STANDARD, 313 Guerrero— Curtains and blan-
kets renovated, 25c per pair; carpets cleaned.
So yd.: laying a specialty. Phone Mission 106.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 6c,
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth at; tel. Jessie »44.
J. E. MITCHELL, Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co., 240 Fourteenth St.; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. O. H.
STEVENS, rogr.. SS-40 8th st; tel. South 250.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co?. 402 Sutter st;
tel Main GEO. WALCOM, proprietor.
CONlA.IN'E Carpet-Beating Works, 833 Golden
*Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
~~ CHIROPODISTS.
BUNIONS. Ingrown nails, corns, absolute cure,
painless; consul' n free. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
lesa successful. Room £10. 927 Market st
! COTTAGES' TO LET.
: $12— BAY-WINDOW cottage. 4 rooms, bath and
{ floored basement; cement sidewalks; lot 25x
145; 1 block from business atreet of city.
I Inquire 2303 Clement ave., Alameda.
i COTTAGE, 5 rooms and bath; gas; large yard;
! basement and stable for three horses; If re-
I quired will give lease. 219 Point Lobos ave.
$10— COTTAGE (rear). 4 rooms and attic; gar-
den; water free. Apply 1121H Filbert st
$12—9 PERINE st: 2-Bto— f house. S sunny
! rooms and yard. Apply at 2S26 California.
! 8S33 TWENTY-FIFTH KT.— Cottage. 3 rooms;
| large yard; rent $S.
FOLSOM, 2226— Cottage; 7 rooms and bath;
large yard. -^^^
'*, DENTISTS.-
AT the EL.TXrrno'£T^TA£Tc€lfflcr^fiiaT'.
ket at, cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood . bldg., you can
have your, ex tractions done painlessly; teeth
without pTates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 60 up; of-
flce hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. :' Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSQ v N.M.D.. Manager.
; EIGHT prizes for bent crowns, plates, bridges
j and fillings; extractions or fillings bymywon-
I derful eecrtt, painless method; 20 years' ex-
perience; no students: advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants
DR. GKORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st ¦
A NEW plate, the unbreakable Rose Pearl,
— -arranted for 20 years; crowns and bridge-
work; teeth without a plate; fillings, 50c;
crown*. $3 60: plates, full net. $5; all work
pain!f«s and warranted. CHICAGO DENTAL
PARLORS. 24 Sixth at
! DR. LUDLUM MILL. 1443 Market nr. Eleventh
. —No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; -teeth
from $8 per set: extracting, 50c; gas given.
"MAIN Offlce" New York Dental Parlors. 1019
Market et. bet Sixth and Seventh; consult
us on crowns and bridges: teeth extracted
positively and absolutely without pain.
PARIS Dental Parlor. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings. 25c
"VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
¦ da-s. 1001 Market St., corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DB. H. G.
YOUNG, 1841 Polk at.
LOWEST prices In S. F. ; painless extraction.
We. New York Dentists. frl>9 Mission, cor. 6th.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School;
patterns cut; evening class, loir Market at
ACCORDION pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
lng. pinking. 121 Post over O' Connor &Moffatt
DRESSMAKING; reasonable trices: dresses
made over; perfect fit 387. Geary st. . . .
. - DEPI L ATQ RY
O. C C. — A Harmless liquid for permanently
removing superfluous hair; will not Irritate,
burn nor poiaon the most delicate skin: agents
wanted. Ontario Chem. Co.. ag'cy. 428 Ellis.
_^_ . EDUCATIONAL.
OALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott Bldg"—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter; teacher of
shorthand; reportorial phrasing taught: prac-'
Ucal bookkeeping; full course. $50; catalogue.
HEALDB BUSINESS COLLEGE.' 14 Post at.
8. F.— Bookkeeping, ¦ shorthand, , typing, lan-
, guages, telegraphy, »* English -branches, civil,"
. electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
and sight sessions ; new 80-page catalogue free.
MUKSON, School Shorthand. Typing. Bookkeep-
» tag. Spa-lab, w Mont'y. E. iL Carptnter, pr.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.), buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission; tel. Red 3353.
Auctioneer — L. Vincent, 1805 Larkin: tel. Polkcyi.
furniture tc furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec.. mlning.mech.,sur-
• vev, aseay, cyanide, arch. ; da", eve. ; est. 1864.
VAN DER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
ALL atuflents but two taking lull course tbl»
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market st.
MISS M. G. BARRETT, Shorthand Academy;
lessons by mall; acknowledged by official re-
porters best teacher, best system. 302 Montgy.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— WANTED.
Janltreas, middle-aged woman, hotel near
city, $15 and found; young girl for pantry for
Private hotel, 110 and found. W. D. EWER
& CO.. 610 Clay st.
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce— Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 6072.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. offlce— Best help
furn.: domestic tserv. 417 Powell: tel. Bush 376.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
flce; all kinds help. 815 Stockton; Main 6188:
JAPANESE and Chinese employment offlce;
best help. E26 O'Farrell St.; tel. Hyde 219L
JAPANESE responsible housecleaning co.; est
1870; practical recommend; try them; removed
to 413 Devlsadero: tel. Fell 186. F. HAMAD.
WANTBI>— First-class skirt hand. E. MES-
SAGE R. 145 Post st
WANTED— Flrst-claas cloak alteration hands,
E. MESSAQER, 146 Post st ¦_
RELIABLE and respectable middle - aged
woman wanted as working housekeeper for.
amall country hotel. For particulars address
JAS. O'BRIEN, Sea View, Sonoma. Co., Cal.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office-
Best help. 411H O'Farrell at.: tel. East 428.
WOMAN wants light housework. Apply at 418
Larkin Et.
AS nurse or attendant to mentally or other-
wise afflicted patients', male or female; ex-
perience in hospital and private nursing. Box
4&3. Call office.
A GREEN Swedish girl wishes place to assist;
$10. MRS. NORTON. 81J Sutter st.
EMPLOYMENT AV ANTED FEMALE.
GOOD girl for general housework; no washing;
private family, $15. g22 Ellis st
WANTED— Girl for housework and cooking.
2211 Sutter at.
GOOD girl for general housework; private fajn-
Mly; $15; no washing. S22 Ellis st.
EXPERIENCED operators on infants' wear
and cotton waists. BAUER BROS. CO.. 21
Sansome at. • ¦
WANTED— 2 experienced girls for bottling
llquore. Apply 116 Front st. ,
WANTED— Lady cashiers and wrappers for
large retail store; state experience, reference,
salary. Box 603, Call offlca.
WANTED— Toy salesladies; state experience,
reference, salary. Box 505, Call office.
GIRL for cooking and assist housework. Ap-
ply 2307 Broadway, near Fillmore.
WANTED— A flrat-claea coatmoker. 935 Mar-
ket st., room 1.
WANTED— A girl who understands German
cooking and downstairs work; wages $25. 1131
Laguna Bt.. corner Eddy.
WANTED— Cook; wages $20; references. 423
DevlBadero Bt
WANTED— Conservative, well lead woman
over 28. Box CD7, Call office, .
APPRENTICE to learn dressmaking. S4T Bart-
lett st.. bat. Twenty-fourth and Twenty-ilfth.
GIRL for general housework; small family;
sleep home; reference. 485 Fell at.
A GIRL for general housework and card for
baby. 1554 Folsom st.
GOOD woman for housework. Call after 9 at
S15 Van Ness ave. ,
NEAT girl for second work; references. 1180
O'Farrell at ,
WANTED— A good sewer; also apprentice for
dressmaking. 120Va Hayes st.
GIRL for general housework and plain cook-
ing; 2 In family and no washing. 207 Lar-
kin at, flat IS.
EXPERIENCED waitress; also chambermaid
to wait 1 meal; boarding-house. Call 9 to 12
at 312 Eddy at. - :
YOUNG lady typewriter and atenographer;
competent to act In the capacity of office as-
sistant; accuracy at figures required; state
salary. Box 3S9, Call. -
THOROUGH fitter in tailor and evening aulta
wishes engagement at $1 25 per day. 244 Tay-
lor st
FUR finisher wanted. PACKERT. 318 Leaven-
worth at., bet. Eddy and Kills.
A STENOGRAPHER; Balary $25 per month.
Box 4S8, Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and Eubscriptiona
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Flllmore at
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 26c to $1 50 night, $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
A REFINED and educated lady wishes a posi-
tion as companion to Invalid or young lady.
Address A. B. C. box 444. Call offlce.
A THOROUGHLY competent teacher would
like a position as governess. Box 2051. Call
offlce, Oakland. ' .
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
Fubscriptlons has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
ELEGANT modern 8 room new upper flat-
marine view. ; 1430 Taylor at., near Jackson.'
FLAT of 4 sunny rooms. 257 Dore St., bet.
Ninth and Tenth, off Harrison: rent $10.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
NATOMA. 714— Flat of 4 rooms, yard and cel-
lar; rent $10; no children.., ,
SIXTH. CSS — An. upper flat.. 5 rooms and bath-
rear entrance; rent $12. " ' ':
UPPER sunny flat, 7 rooms and bath; 926 Va- t
lencla st. Inquire Morton Special Delivery,
408 Taylor at; key at atore.. 910 Valencia.
$7— 4-ROOM flats on Victor at.,' off Bryant, bet." '
7th and hth. Inquire at grocery, 941 Bryant. 1:
111 M— UPPER sunny room.- 1S5 Irjr ave., near
,; Van Ness ave.' ;-'¦ .¦'.•' , -_: ¦ -. *. ..
tit— UPPER sunny 8 rooms: bath: dresaer; 1_t-
. ¦ eat . Improvements. . 1313 Green at, bet. Lar- i
¦kin and polk, .;[
WANTED— Two I young men for offlce . work ;
must be quick and accurate at figures and
write a gdod hand; state uge, experience,
reference and salary expected. Box S02. Call.
BUSHELMAN wanted. A. NUSSBAUM. 5S3
Pos^ at., near Taylor. — *. v
WANTED— Young men . cashiers and . wrappers
for large retail store: state experience, refer-
ence, salary. Box 604, . Call office.
BARBER for Tuesday, Wednesday and Bat-
. urday. 10Q Market at. *• «
WANTED— Experienced crockery salesman j
give experience, references and • wages - ex-
pected. Box 60L Call office. ' '
WHEELWRIGHT, and ' blacksmith wanted.
•1E04 Folsom 6t.v: near Eleventh.
WANTED— 2 Scandinavian men to chop wood;
good wages. MRS. NORTON, SIS Sutt* r st.
JOURNEYMEN ¦ Barbers' . Union . No. 145, meeta
TO-NIGHT at 115 Turk st., » p. m. , -LESS,
¦ Secretary, ¦
A— 8-ROOM flatr corner; sunny; 2 bay windows:
all modern lmprovem'ts: 1st floor. 417H Third.
PLUMBER wanted. . Apply POWER & PIKE,
17 Dmmm «t , • • - : •
SIDE line gloves for good man. Inquire of
Excelsior Glove Co., 413 Market st.
KLATS TO LET.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
Justed. N. Manasse. oculist optician. 810 Mkt
GOOD dishwasher wanted. Apply 1581 Va-
lencia st.
BOY wanted to deliver orders and help In
bakery. 1410 Polk st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements ' and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore at.
JAPANESE, first-class cook, wanta situation
In private family: understands any style cook-
Ing. Apply FRANK MAYA, 923 Sacramento.
JAPANESE young man wants position in store
or saloon; speaks good English. » KAMA, 623
Jessie 6t.. tel. South 605.
JAPANESE young boy. honest, wishes posi-
tion as a school boy. T. T.. 1"S Jessie at.
MILKERS, separators and first-class cheese
and butter makers want work; city or coun-
try. Milkers' Union of California. E26 Mont-
gomery st. / .
WANTED— An elderly man to do chorea around
country hotel, milk cow . and take care of
horse: $10 per nvmth and found." Inquire of
McLEOD & HATJE. 515 Maraket St.. be-
tween the hours of 9 and 10 a. m. to-day.
EXPERIENCED feeder on Job preaaes. 16
Fremont st. - -". '
GOOD barber; steady Job. 725 Fourth St., San
Rafael : telephone . Red 15. '
WANTED— Two lunch waiters. Call between
7 and 8 a. m., 79 Stevenson st.
PAINTER, paperhanger, carpenter wanted to
exchange rent, house 5 rooms, $8. 1576 Kearny.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 151
2 MEN 'wish positions, one as cook and the
other aa an assistant, in boarding-house or
hotel In country or institution; references.
Box 446, Call offlce.
$100 OFFERED by competent clerk for desir-
able situation; bonds and references. Box
435. Call offlce.
A— 3 GOOD carpenters, 8 cabinetmakers. 3
hardwood bench hands, 1 sash and door ma-
chine hand. Mechanics' Registration ; Bu-
reau, 410 Keerny st., room 9; non-union me-
chanics please register; new Jobs daily; no
office fees. 1
JANITOR desires to take charge of offices,
flat or building; can paint, varnish, or will
do renovating; very reasonable. Box 432, Call.
MAN and wife would like situations on ranch;
man aa ranch hand; wife as cook. Call or ad-
dress II. D.. 474 Jessie st.
A— 3 CARPENTERS, country. W 60 day; palnt-
. er, near city; $3 a day: 10 farmers, orchard
work, $20; 2 asphalt miners, $2 a day; cab-
inetmaker, $2 60 day, city; 3 Scandinavian
and German farmers, $20..'.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Broiler, . restaurant, $50; all around laundry-
man, country laundry, $40 and found;- 6 ele-
vator "and bell boys, $10, $12. $16; porter,
country hotel, $20
C. R. HANSEN & CO... 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Young man understanding mercan-
tile reporting and soliciting wishes employ-
ment; has had 10 years' experience; can give
best of reference as to ability and character.
Box 4S1. Call offloe. ¦
YOUNG man. handy with tools, wants work
of any kind. J. HOFFMAN, 417 Kearny st.
A MAN and wife; man to do chores and wife
to cook for resort; $30. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
A YOUNG man desires work In city: is reliable
and willing to work; references. Address B.,
box 114. *< Call.
A— WANTED— Experienced driver for milk-
wagon, $35 and found: cook, boarding-house,
country, $40. W. D. EWER & CO., 610 "Clay.
BARBER, young man, steady, first-class work-
man, desires position ; good wages required.
Box 608. Call offlce.
H experienced mining man desires a position
with mining company managing Or exporting
mines; best city references. Box 606, Call.
MAN and wife would like work together; man
well acquainted with city and good with
horses; wife, light housework. Box 401. Call.
COOK wants work; a good, careful 000k; or
. would go as second cook; wages moderate.
T. SMITH. 318 Minna at.
A— MURRAY & READY....... Phone Main BS4S
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
WANT (7 A. M.) TO-DAY:
CARPENTERS BLACKSMITHS.
Blacksmith for ranch; carpenter for ranch;
farmer and wife; choremeu_, and boys; 12
farm hands and teamsters: young man for
city factory: 4 milkers; wagon maker; labor-,
era and teamsters; tlemakers, 10c and 12o,
tools furnished; 60 woodchoppers, $1 to $3
cord.
HOTEL AND OTHER DEPARTMENTS.
Cooks Waiters Dishwashers
Bakers Laundrymen Butchers
Laundryman, plain country hotel; handy
man, institution; second-hand baker, country,
$30 and found; restaurant cook, $12 week.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
YOUNG man, experienced driver, thoroughly
familiar with city, wants situation; refer-
ences. C. P.. 511 Market st.
COMPETENT cook desires ateacy situation In
restaurant or oyster house. Call or address
GEO. WENSE, 115 Eighth St.
MAN wishes work of any kind; is good teamster
or help around stable; ia willing to work.
Address 1401 Utah at., cor. Twenty-fifth.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED 3IALE.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch ofnee, 2200 Flllmore at.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
eubscriptiona has been established at 1096
Valencia at.
EXPERIENCED bookfolders and apprentices
wanted. Bookbindery, 636 Clay st.
GIRLS for housework; good pay. Pacific Em-
ployment Agency, 9 Geary; ph. Black 3719.
FIRST-CLASS button-hole maker on custom
work; $12 to $14 week. 609 Kearny st, room 2.
WANTED— First-class pants finisher at I
Grant ave., upstairs.
WANTED— A young girl to learn dressmaking
at MME. NELSON'S. 1017 Geary st.
GIRL to cook and for general housework. 1603
Geary at., near Buchanan.
WANTED— Good pants finishers; good pay;
steady work. 2229V« Mission st.
WANTED— Glrla to label and pack pickle*.
California Packing Co., 115 Shotwell ut.
YOUNG girl to assist in light housework;
wages }?. Apply 8535 Sutter at., upstairs.
ALL-AROUND cook and help; can take chef a
place or full •charge of kitchen: Engllvli,
French or German cook; tint-class pastry;
first-class hotel references. 242 Natnm% st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman, good cook and house-
keeper, wishes to manage widower 1 a home;
no triflers. Address, by mall only, 1591 Market.
SITUATION by Nova Bcotia Scotch woman;
cock or housework. Apply 6o4 Larkin st.
A RESPECTABLE young woman would like
work by the day. Call at 329 Sixth rt.
AN experienced ladles' nurse (German) desires
engagements; highest references; terms reas-
onable. Address Nurse, 115 Eighth V_
RESPECTABLE woman with a girl 5 yoars
old, wishes housework, private family, or
chamber work in rootnlng-houae; no trlflers:
references; wages J10. 744 Howard »t.
WOMAN wants work by the day: good laun-
dress; $1 10 per day; no postals answered.
605 Minna et., near Seventh.
WANTED— By a young, respectable lady, work
by day, bousecleanlng or washing. Address
box 600. Call office.
COLORED lady wishes situation as cook or
housekeeper: references. 236 Btevenson st.
SWEDISH girl wishes situation In American
family; does second work or general house-
work; thoroughly competent. Address H. J.,
1714 Octavia Et.
LADY wishes a place as lady's nurse, working
housekeeper or take care of an Invalid; refer-
ence if required. MR& DONAVAN. 281$
Twenty-third at., between Bryant and York.
2 SPANISH girls would like to get work oat
In the country. Call or address 718 Green-
wich at., city.
WAICTED — By a middle-aged woman, a place
to do light work; object, home more than
wag-as. Box 410, Call offlce.
NEAT, economical young cook from tha East;
trilling to assist In other work; very econom-
ical and good housekeeper. Please call at
HELP W ANTE D-M AXE.
BARBER wanted at 27 East at.'
EXPERIENCED boy - to help wait at table;
small reataurantA 369 Hayea at. .
WANTED— A buggy»waaher at ?07 Golden Gate
avenue.
WAITER wanted. 922 Battery Bt. I
WANTED— 4 good carpenters; come early;
bring tools. 1902 Flllmore st.
BUSHELMAN wanted; good wages; steady
Job. Apply at 200 Kearny. PAUSON & CO.
BARBER shop, 2 chairs. In Western Addition;
bargain. DECKELMAN BROS., 106 Ellis st.
WANTED— A grocery clerk to deliver orders.
2S0S Mission at.
YOUNG butcher, good cutter; German prefd.
People's Market. 2599 Market St., cor. 16th.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 663 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sta.
$75— 2-CHAIR shop; rent $5; receipts $25. Ap-
ply H. BERNARD. 104 Seventh st.
BARBERS— 3-chalr shop for sale cheap. 14
Turk at.
COATMAKERS and pantsmakers for country.
Apply REISS BROS., 24 Sutter st.
WANTED— A place to stop for the winter— This
can be found at the Adams House, 519 Sacra-
mento St.. near Montgomery; one of the few
respectable houses where countrymen coming
to the city can find nice, clean, cheap, T/ell-
ventilated rooms. A. McCREERY, Prop.
WANTED at once, an Al all-round bread bak-
er; must be sober and reliable: good salary,
board and lodgmgs. New England Bakery.
Honolulu. H. T.
WANTED — Experienced electrical wlreman:
must be steady and reliable man; wages- $3
per day. BAKERSFIELD GAS AND ELEC-
TRIC LIGHT CO.. Bakersfleld. Cal.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st; 150 larga
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade only eight
weeks required: position guaranteed; special
inducements: catalogue and map of city free.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE, 635 Clay st.
PENSIONS— J. H. Shepard & Co., old. reliable
firm. S06 Market, room 40. Phelan building;
pension vouchers executed. 25c; advice free.
GET your shoes . half-soled while waiting, 25c
to 50c. 66a Mission st., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
YOUNG man to do Janitor work for his tui-
tlon at S. F. Barber School. 741A Howard at.
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms, 10c. 15c and
20c. Boston House, 930 Howard st.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order, $1 per week, at
cash prices. N. Y. Tailoring Co., 115 Kearny.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S, 28 Steuart.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third Bt., near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night; reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
recel^M at Call branch offlce, 2200 Fillmore 8t.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036
Val^ncla'at.
UORSES, LIVE STOCK. Etc — For Sale
40 HORSES for eale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth st. : auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
HORSE and mare for sale cheap; /ood for
farm work, mare good for breeding, at SE.
corner Taylor and Bay sts. : price $75.
HORSE clipping by experienced men; best work;
cheap prices. DALZIEB.. 605 Golden Gate ave.
HORSE and wagon, together or separate: sult-
able for grocery. See owner. 156 Ninth at.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let; send for clr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A 15- ROOM house. 2 baths, etc.; marine view;
rent only $50; 1347 Taylor, nr. Washington.
W. H. CRIM & CO., 113 Montgomery st.
INVALID CHAIRS AND TKICVCLKS.
BOLD and rented: manfr. of the Eames trtcycl*
chair. EAMES Tricycle Co.. 2100 Market st.
LOST AXD FOUXD.
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, In the
name of MARY FREEMAN; No. 204-1526. The
finder will please return to Dank.
LOST— Friday, November 23. at Grand Opera-
house or KoinK- to or from there, a medallion
pin surrounded by pearls. Suitable reward
by returning to 310 Sansome st.
LOST— November 22d, coming from Third street
to Mission and Twelfth, lady's gold watch,
back set with diamonds; liberal reward if re-
turned to t6 Third st.
LOST— Last Friday, from 1818 Green St., seal-
skin collarette. Liberal reward for its return
to above address.
LOST — Red setter bitch, plated collar and pad-
lock on; liberal reward. 1425 Stelner st.
GREAT Dane dog (brlndle); $20 reward; re-
turn to 148 Third St.; no questions asked.
A WEEK'S news for 5c— The Weekly Call, 1«
pages. In wrapper, for mailing, tl per year.
MEDICAL. '
DR. AND MRS. DAVIE3. 1228 Market— Ladles'
specialists; 32 years' practice; have treated
thousands of casea successfully; positive cure
guaranteed at office; ladles treated can return
home same day; HINDOO HERB home cure,
any one can use It with satisfaction; perfect-
ly harmless. Send stamps for circular.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. moved to 1018 Mar-
ket, opp. 5th; world-renowned ladles' special-
ist; safe, reliable; practiced in San Francisco
for years; treated thousands of cases success-
fully; treatment can be used at home; consul-
tation free. After ail others fall call on him.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist; 25 yrs.'
successful practice: guaranteed treatment at
offlce, $5; any ailment; home for patients; con-
sult free. 942 Post st.. bet. Hyde and Larkin.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 937 MARKET ST., corner
Sixth— Safe and reliable ladies' physician;
treatment. $5; positive cure guaranteed: when
others fall free. MRS. DR. KOHL.
DRS. GOODWIN, 1007% Market, expert on dis-
eases of women; 15 yearn' practice in S. F.. a
cure guaranteed; $5 at offlce; have cured thou-
sands of cases; unexcelled success: see free.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1033 Market— Ladles' spe-
ciallst; safe and sure cure. $5; best care; low
fees; when all others fall consult free.
DR. POPPER'S treatment can be had for thf
cure In his offlce at $5. 323 Kearny Et.
DR. NG TOY KEE cures diseases by herbs:
advice free. 704 Sacramento st., cor. Kearny.
MRS. DR. GWYER. ladles' specialist; home
fnr natl«nt«. Sin Kridv wt. '
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, Engines, 2d-hand niadhinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters.
linoleum, new and second-hand; we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
82 complete outfits on our Hour, ready made;
we can ship everything in 24 hours. J. -
NOONAN, 1017, 1019, 1021. 1023 Mission at.,
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
A— CALIFORNIA quartz chain for $35; former
price was $60. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant av. ,
SEALSKIN Jacket, size 36, $85. 35 Eddy at./
upstairs;. 1 to 3. • . '
J^OR sale— Tank, windmill • and pump; cheap.
903 Point Lobos ave.
BUY a brand new typewriter for $5 down and
$5 per month; write for catalogue and price.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 409 California
Et. ; rentals, new machines, $3 per month.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 216 Spear st.
FILIPINO horse broke to saddle and harness:
good strong buggy; second-hand wagon and
cart; also St. Bernard dog.. Apply 410 Maple.
6-HORSE Golden Gate gas or gasoline engine;
$150;. can be seen running at 623 .Golden
Gate ave. *-¦ ¦¦¦¦;
BILLIARD tables, balls, cues and racks, com-
plete; 'dirt cheap. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON,
16 O'Farrell st. , ..'
A— 100-HORSEPOWER engine, boiler, two-drill
air compressors. JARDINE'S, 220 Fremont at.
AN elegant Fischer upright piano; nearly new;
cheap. 301 Jones St., corner Eddy: ...
FIRST-CLASS second hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH Mfg. Co.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern goods
bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery st.
10-TON. Fairbanks scale and flre and -burglar
proof safe. 216 California at. ;
200-LIGHT . dynamo, engine and boiler, com-
plete; cheap. H.; 3. WHITE. 516 Mission at.
WILL. rent full-dress Tuxedo or Prince Albert
suits for $2 60. Portland Loan Offlce. 25 Stktn.
SAFES— New and ¦ second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO., 417-423 Sacramento St. '
PORTABLE engines, boilers; ¦' Iron and wood
planers, lathes; 2d-hand. J. Burke. 139 Beale.
MAGIC lanterns, new; and- 2d-hand; , moving
pictures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post at.
SAFES— New and second-hand; all sizes. THE
¦WALTZ SAFE, 109-111 Market at.. San Fran.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
: Call. • 16 pages, s sent to any . address in the
United States •, or Canada ' one ¦ r ear tot $L
Bcatagepald. » ' . .
MISCELLANEOUS
WANTED— San Francisco Bulletin for March
B, 12 and 19, 1899; quote price. W. F. PUR-
NELL. Sacramento. Cal.
WANTED— San Francisco Call for January,
February.and March. 1890; quote price. W. F.
.PURNELL. Sacramento. Cal. §
LADIES* and gents* cast-off clothing bought *
sold. Sllverman. 984 Folsom: tel. Folsom 1131.
KLEIN still pays best price for clothing, bric-
a-brac and books. 109 Sixth st. ; tel. Jessie 14L
WANTED— Upright piano for cash. H. I_
WHITEHEAP. 1710 Market at.
31O.AEY TO LOAX.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back in Installment* or as a whole; If you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay it and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity, see us
first; you will be waited upon quietly and
quickly. Call 6S-69 Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market.
AA — BEST rates and easiest terms.
Second Mortages
Interest In Estates
Undivided Interest in Real Estate
Financial problems of all sorts and slies
solved by HERMAN MUKPHY. C30 Market.
A— MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of your friends or you will lose
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 906 Market st.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; 1st. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. K. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent: first,
second mortgages, estates in probate, Interest
in estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages, life insurance. Room IS, first door.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 846 Market
st.; teL Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
A— $500,000 on city and country real estate and
estates; chattel mortgages: notes and collat-
erals. J. BROWNSTONE. 11 Montgomery at.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth:
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANT amount, lowest rates, on furniture, etc:
¦no removal, no commission: strictly confi-
dential. Rm. 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jonea.
MONEY loaned salaried people without recurlty.
HILL. rm. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
LOANS. 1st or 2d mtgs; city, country; 6% undi-
vided lnts; estates. HARPER. 357 Parrott bid.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co.. 36S Parrott bulld-
lng; men can tecure loans on personal note.
TO Balarled people without security: all busi-
ness confidential. Tousley Co.. 321 Parrott: bid.
IIOO.COO TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. Home Bldg Co.. 222 Sansome, rm. 2.
MONEY to loan on furniture by private party;
low rate. 917 Market at., room 1.
ON furniture and pianos; no removal; confi-
dential; on diamonds, eto. 83 Taylor st.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral or ln-
dorser. S F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bid.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
WE are offering the finest lines of good and de-
sirable guitars, mandolins and banjos ever
shown on the coast: they are of the cele-
brated "Recai" and "Ideal" brand and are
beauties; the prices are very reasonable and
you can buy on payments if you wish: noth-
ing finer for a holiday present. MAUVAIS
MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st.
A GOOD article Is the best "bargain" for any
one to buy; when you buy a Decker & 8on.
or a Packard piano, you always get a "bar-
gain," aa It will last a lifetime and please
everybody; we try to arrange payments to
suit your convenience. If possible, and take
pleasure in showing you the goods, even if
you do not want to buy Just now. MAU-
VAIB MUSIC CO.. 7S9 Market at.
ANY person having use for a piano can be ac-
commodated at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s with
easiest payments, lowest prices and most re-
liable makers to choose from. Each the best
of their grade, from Stelnway down. Priv-
ilege given to exchange medium and low-
priced pianos for a new Stelnway any time
within three years from date of purchase.
Beautiful new uprights sold for $8 cash and
$6 per month. We offer to s«H some good
pianos for $3, $4 and $5 per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY & CO., Stelnway dealers, cor-
ner Kearny and Sutter sts., San Francisco,
corner Broadway and Thirteenth st., Oak-
land.
ABSOLUTELY the largest exclusive wholesale
and retail piano house west of Chicago;
aKfnt peerless Heine and Hallet & Davli,
Boston's oldest and most famous piano, and
ten other makes; pianos rented; rent allowed
on purchase.
3 Heine uprights $327
1 Mason\& Hamlin 300
2 Stelnways 193
1 Chlckering 165
1 Marshal". & Wendell 65
1 Emerson 35
HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary at.; open
evenings. •
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
v/est of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S. 26.
23 and 20 O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
FINE list of slightly used pianos $135 up: easy
payments. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Far-
rell st. * Chlckering agency: Symphonion mu-
elc boxes; sheet music, etc.; open Saturday
evenings.
ELEGANT new upright piano: used 6 months;
must be sold this week; leaving city. 332 Turk.
HIGH-GRADE pianos; Steck.' Hardman. Con-
over & others.- W. B. ALLEN & CO., 314 Post.
NEUMAN upright. $75; Sherwood. $S3: Peek.
$100; other bargains. BRUENN, 203 Post st.
AT KEEFFE'S, 933 Market St.. 4 elegant up-
rights at your own price. Shonlnger agency.
GREAT many bargains In 2nd-hand uprights;
small installments. Hornung. 216 McAllister.
SOHMER & CO.. Byron Mauzy. Gabler. Spiel- j
mann and Hamilton pianos. 303 Post st.
BEST rent stock iii city; new pianos; $3 per
month. SCOTT-CURTAZ. 560 Hayes a*.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
A cleaning out of pianos for storage; dirt cheap;
Installments. Wilson's Storage, 710 Market.
A BARGAIN: must be sold; nice upright piano.
gCHMlTZ. 16 McAllister nt.. next Hlb. Bank.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
A LARGE store and dry concrete basement:
elevator: Al for wholesale business. 309-11
Sacramento st.
A — J10 KEARNY, modern sunny offices. $7 up-
ward; light, water. Janitor services Included.
SANSOME! 804— Handsome large store, reduced
to $10 per month.
OIL. ~ " '
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ, 330 Pine street.
MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
''•'¦' Country correspondence solicited.
OIL LANDS FOR SALE.
KERN River Oil Lands— Proven territory in
the well-known tract of "Grace OH Co." for
sale; also other oil land for sale or lease; most
wonderful oil field known; over 530 feet of oil !
sand; buy from owners and save commissions- i
have been in field from start: will give you
facts concerning any locality. NEWTON"
CARMAN & SOMES. 101 Chronicle bldg Saii
Francisco: 416 Douglas Block, Los Angeles -
Southern Hotel. Bakersfleld. -^nge-es .
A FORTUNE for $500— The flr<«t U. 8. pat-rt
oil land on the market in 20-acre tracts: send
for map and experts' reports and particulars.
A. L. WILLEY. 916 Market '.i., S. K.
H. JEROME FOSSELLI. sdentlHc palmist. 513
Taylor at., bet. Geary and Post; tel. Black 501.
MME. NEERGAARD. 700 Post; tel. Hyde 2932-
hours 1 to 5 eve., and Sunday by appointment.*
PATENIS- AND PKNSIONS. ;
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful
OEO. D. CAMPRKLL. Mwver. Kxamln'r bl,
1'liUSO.MALS.
IF ALBERT ELSEY CARVER, who was re^
BldinK in and near Vancouver. British Co-
lumbia, during the years 1881- to 1S9S and
afterward in California, and was last heard
of in Sonora. Calaveras County, in California
about June. 1S96 will apply to the undersigned
he will hear of something to his advantage
WELLS , & HIND. Sollfltors. NotUngn^m;
STRICTLY private and secluded residence away
from the public gaze, for the treatment of
H o,? RT 'n CO ? 1 *,. hola * or wrlt8 at once; every-
thing all right. . i_ m. N.
FIRST-CLASS upholstering done at your house
by day or Job. B. JENSEN/ 911 Bush st.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B.'RAY. S57 Jessie st.
LEDERER make* . a specialty of . men's and
women a wigs; opera hairdressing up-to-date.
¦ 25c only; the very latest. . 123 Stockton at.
E ii E: 5 : ? B £ C ~.L I F ht In < every room— Winchester
' H?** 1 - '£* .T 0 * 1 " 1 * st -. near Market; 700 rooms;
tf«'to II 60 perinight: $1 50 to $3 per week;
Um 'fcui and baggage, to ana from the. fernr*
PERSONALS^
MATTRESSE3 AND PILLOWS— TeL South 793;
made to order: renovated: honest work guar-
anteed: feathers and hair cleansed; uphol-
stered furniture, cleaning a specialty; fine up-
holatery. HOPKE BROS.. 313 and 33) Hth st.
SUITS to order on installments; $13 upward; $1
a week. LEON LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. be-
tween Seventh and Eighth.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
r-r double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton st.. near Broadway.
LEDERER' S Qulntonica, used as a hair tonlo
by the best people: 3Zo bot. ¦
F J^"E suits. $10; dress pants. $2 73. MISST?
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
A r W £!. DE «BY and Fedora hats. $1 73. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, -go Kearny St.. near Pino.
Lederer's Foamo Shampoo should be en every
dressing case; e!eansea thoroughly: Sc pkg.
Electrolysis for superfluous hairs and moles:
work guar. Miss Slaughter. 502 Taylor st.
AN experienced detectrva wishes work; mining
cases specialty; refa. Detective. S. F. P. O.
M £.?,9F ERA P E $f stum ". Play books, win:
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
MR r!v, D ?" ,, Jame> Positively cures rheumatism
without drugs or meqictne. 23 Eddy. rm. 39.
ELECTROLYSIS destroys nupeifiuous hair and
moles; trial free. MIS.s EATON. 1119 Sutter.
ASK for unequaled'D. F Blark Suede Gloves:
SI Z> a pair; guaranteed. 121 Grant ave.
SCIENTIFIC massage treatment by trained
male nurse from the East. 324 O'Farrell st.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Ccrn Paint, the best
corn cure; 23c: all druggists.
StriTS to order on easy payments. Art Tailor-
Ing Co.. 1644 Mkt.. under St. Nicholas Hof L
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL, 81? Market st
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna: restores grar
hair to lt» natural color: 11 : at all druggists.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for iraillr-r. fl per year.
FHYSICIAX8 A5D SCBGEONS.
DR. C. C. O-DONNELL-Offlct" and residence.
102m Market St.. between Sixth and Seventh.
HEAL ESTATE CITY FOtt SALE.
RED HOT BAROAINS "~ ——————
AT-A. M. SPECK & CO— AT
HARD TO BEAT? HARD TO BEAT!
PRICES WILL SURELY ADVANCE.
J7500.
Flats: brand" new; east of Via Kmi a-~*.J
rents $72.
$7K0 INVESTED
On Van Ness ave. produces $100 a raontn ovw
taxes; muat sell; elegant new improvementa;
this la live times what you get In savings
baDkS - $5350.
Rent* $100: lCO-ft front; near Taylor it.; bo
chance 1 like It.
$10,500.
40-ft. corner on Second at.
Business property; rents $100; near n*n • City
Hall.
$20,000.
Corner: 80-ft. front: vicinity Satter. e_rt oi
Hyde; grand hotel, otBos or rooming-home atte;
rents 1107.
$30,000.
Rents $33: elegant new improvement*; 65- fi.
front; honest value.
$30,000.
44-ft. front: vicinity of Trrotl: old Improve-
ments; rents J20O; block from Market, will
double surely In 10 years.
$75,000.
Grand corner: 75-ft. front: within block of
Market St.; old Improvements; rents $400; with-
in block of Hale's: worth $100, COO.
J10O.00O.
Here Is 10 per cent net: on a corner TO-ft.
front: guaranteed lease 5 years: bulldlnj batter
than the Palace Hotel or no sale.
NOTICE— No time for trlflers. Cash talfea la
our offlce. Try us.
Money to loan. 6 per cent, including taxes.
A. M. SPEOK & CO., 687 Market at.
A GOOD HOTEL.
Must be aold or exchanged; hotel (almost
modern). 30 rooms. 2 stores; lot 35x125 feet;
main street; near city: sure to clear tlSO a
month; $7S00. A. M. SPECK & CO.. 6*7 Mas-
kefsL
$16.000— 12- ROOM corner residence: tremendous
bargain- fine commanding view; best loca-
tion In Western Addition; SO- ft. frontage. A.
M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market St.
T. P. RIORDAN. REAL ESTATE AGENT,
632 Market St.. Room 2.
$3300— €0x137:6; west side of Larkin rT:.. near
Union; bitumlnlzed: grand view: must
be aold; make offer.
$36,000— Fine large corner, fronting three streets,
with Improvements: near City Hall: fin*
investment; part cash, balance "n 6 per
cent mortgage.
$13,500—80x73 feet; fine Improved corner: snutTl
of Market St.. with fine Improvements;
always rented; $1275 yearly: bargain.
$3000— 40x55; west side of Valencia St.. near
Twenty-third, with Improvements; rent-
ed for SCO; good bargain.
$13,000 — Beautiful corner residence of 1« rooms
and all modern Improvements; ilrvs lo-
cation; best bargain offered la the city.
$25,000— Fine investment on Maron •_-, rear
O'Farrell: improved.
$37.500— Fine Improved business corner, paytns
near JCOO.
I have several fine corner a south o£
Market St.; good Investments; paying
well; great bargains.
$13,500—55x120; Bush st., near Polk: with good
Improvements: must be sold: bargain.
Call and see me if you want to sell or bny.
T. P. RIORDAN. «32 Marks-: at.
FOR sale, or would exchange for cottage _nd
' lot In San Francisco, o acres of rich black
loam, house of 4 rooms and bath, barn, 2
chicken houses, poultry; horse and buggy.
cow, good water, close to railway atation;
price $1SOO. Inquire of owner. C. M. DEANE.
Mountain fVlew Pcatofflce. Santa Clara Co.
IF you have property north of the Park, and
you wish to aell quickly, then call on W. J.
GUNK. 630 California st.
OWNERS of property in the Potrero that wish
to sell, call on W. J. GL'NN. 530 California
street. S. F. Savings Union building.
FOR sale or rent— House of 8 rooms; also two
lots In Mission; bargain If sold Immediately.
Particulars 1524 Stockton at.
MODERN houses built; lowest prices; plans and
estimates furnished. Campbell. 1147 Mission.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. IS pages, sent to any address in th*
United States or Canada one year for SI.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
NEW cottage. 8 rms.. bath: lot 60x100; Mission:
rental terms: and vacant lots. 413 Kearny at.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA HEAL ESTATE.
$2400— NEW cottage of 8 or 7 rooms; terms.
$3400, $100, cash; new house of 8 rooms: fruit
and shade trees; lot £0x119. J. H. YOUNG,
Builder. 1243 Park st.
FORECLOSURE— Beautiful corner modern resi-
dence of S rooms and bath; cost $35C0; will
loan $2500 at S per cent net or la terms to
?nit. Address Bank, box 113. Cal' office,
ROOMS AXD BOARD.
WE can offer elegant suite of rooms and board
In an elegant private home In Ataraeda to
refined couple; references required. Box 3*3,
Call office.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATK.
$900^5 ROOMS and~bath. sold for $1SOO: ban*
loaned $1400 on this place: $100 cash, balance
$12 pet- month. W. C. MORAN. .
$1600— NEW 5-room cottage: Bne mantel, sta-
tionary tubs: all sewered: lot 3icl32; near sta-
tion: $100 cash, balance $22 50 per month. Yt.
C. MORAN. '
$1700— NEW (-room cottage, worth 13500*. one
minute's walk to atation and electrio cars:
$100 cash, balance $1T per month; street work
all done, W. C. MORAN, Lorln Station.
Berkeley. _______________——————_—,
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1113 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL, ESTATE.
si<m CASH $S SO monthly— New S-roora cottage.
7-foot basement _: fine large lot 256 feet deep;
PI $7 1o cash. $* 50 monthly— U acre excellent
la jl5 lash^WSO monthly-H acre Al land. $233.
$22 50 cash. $3 monthly— % acre- superb land
f °$25 aisb. $11 monthly— 1 acre (more can be
had) for $173. .
Adjoining East Oakland; climate, soil and
view the very best: away from fogs and raw
¦winds; near electrto car llae and wide boule-
vard Call or send for circular, 435 Seventh
st., Oakland; carriage free. H. Z. JONES,
Owner. *
OAKLAND HOCSES TO LET.
GOOD houses. Get list from GEO. W. AU8-
TIN A CO.. 100* Broadway. Oakland.
OAKUM) Fl'nXITVRG FOR. . SAI.TBU
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellnaas, Ut«
• furnUaro dealer, 11th and. Franklin, Oxklanjt.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor: estab. over 10 yeara; all kinds help.
421 Post St.. near Powell; telephone Bush 125.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pases, sent to any address In the
United States", postpaid, for $1 per year.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc., day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINOTON*S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— Night class. 424 Pine st.
MR. and MRS. D. MANSFIELD, music 6tudlo,
violin, guitar, mandolin, banjo. 1S36 Eddy et
C. R* HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 1?3
.' HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head waitress, first-class commercial hotel,
$30, see party here; 4 waitresses, same coun-
try hotel. $20, free fare; 2 waitress*.!, same
'hotel. $20; chambermaid to wait, country, $20,
•ee party here; 4 waitresses, flrst-claus city
hotel, $20; woman cook, country hotel, $J0
and many others
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
House girl, nice place, Oakland, for flrst of
. month, $20. $25; another nice place. Oakland,
$25; house girl, Antloclv all grown, $2C, many
others, a R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Oiary st.
A REFINED girl, care of 2 children, see party
here, j C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary at.
4 WAITRESSES, railroad eating-houae, Ari-
zona, 120, free transportation. C. R. HAN-
HDN A CO.. JM Qeary at
HELP WANTED FEjIALE.
EDUCATIONAL.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak $48 60. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
furniture: fob sales.
furniture; wasted.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture: tel. Red 1354.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market st. ; tel. Jessie 761.
NEW and second-band furniture and clothing
bought and Bold. 1182 Mission St., near 8th.TO ARIUVE.
Steamer Movements.
Sun. Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Surrey—
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — Tho high and low waters occur at the
city frjnt (Mission-street wharf) about twenty
five minutes Inter than at Fort Point; the
hetght of tide Is the same at both places.
TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 27.
NOTE— In the above exposition of tho tides
the *arly roornlnc tides are slvm in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time of
day, the third time column the third tide and
the last or right hand column (tves the last
tide of the da/, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
«tven are in addttion to the soundings on the
united States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height, and
then the number given Is subtracted from tho
depth given by the charts. The plane of refer
ence is the mean of the lower low waters.
Hadlen Found Not Guilty.
BERKELEY. Nov. 2S.— George Hadlen,
of \V>st Berkeley, who was tried to-day
on a charge of violating the anti-saloon
ordinance, was found not guilty. The jury
was out out a few minutes. The testi
mony in this case was practically the
same as in the other three already tried.
OAKLAND. Nov. 26.— The Board of Su
pervisors rejected the demand of the
State of California for $175 for furnishing
the county with seventy reams of paper
for the primary election this -morning"*
The action throws the responsibility of
paying for the paper upon the County
Clerk, who accepted the paper after the
decision against the primary . law had
been rendered. Tho recourse of the Clerk
Is to sell it back to the State.
Bejected Stata's Paper Bill.
Girl Reports His Disappearance at
the Morgue, but Withhold*
Further Information. .: : \
OAKLAND, - Nov. 26— Frederick ; jj.
Mitchell, a commission merchant, resides
at the address, 4827 Maple street, which
is In TemeBcal, with his two daughters,
who are schoolteachers." < One of the young
ladies ¦ who answered ' the bell- to-night,
was guarded in 'reply : to ; questions. .-'• She
would not deny that some one from the
house had called at the San . Francisco
Morgiih ¦> and left a message in regard to
Joseph E. : Jones. . She saldtpere Is a Jo
seph E. Jones, but that she was not pre
pared to state his address. < No one else
fn ; the neighborhood knew any person of
the name of. Jones living there or anybody
connected with ,the ., Mitchell! by , that
name." _ _ ; ; .;-. '""'•¦-.' ' : -¦»• • .
MYSTEItlOTJS; INQUIBY •
FOB MAN NAMED JONES
RECEPTION IN HONOB
/OF BISTXNQUISHED NXTNS
Fornwr Pupila of Sacred Heart Con
vent Arrange a Welcome to
Sister; Augustine.
OAKLAND, Nov." 26.— Sister Augustine,
recently appointed /superior provincial of
ti»e Sacred v ; Heart \ Convent, and Rev.
mother John Baptist, who is en route to
Oregon.* have arrived at the convent. ! In
celebration of the arrivat,;the sisters and
pupils held special services at the chapel.
There wiu b« a reception Thursday even
ing by the alumnae in honor of Sister Su
perior Augustine and -Mother John Bap-
OAKLAND. Nov. 26.— Forty-two pieces
of cuticle wero.rerr.oved to-day from the
right thigh of James Page, warden of the
insane department of the Receiving Hos
pital, and grafted upon the back of Zl-sg
pie O'Connell This contribution of skin
lollpwcd ?hat given by Hospital Steward
Borchert. The operation to-day was per
formed by Dr. J. L. Milton. The young
woman's wound, caused by a recent graft
ing operation upon her hand, is expected
to rapidly heal under the process now be-
In? followed. Policeman L*e Andrews
and Deputy County Auditor J. J. Hanifln
Jr. will later sacrifice cuticle to the good
work. The girl 1 * hand was so badly
mashed in 3. laundry mangier that the
only hopa of saving the injured member
was by skin grafting. The contributions
of cuticle which £ns now being made are
used to replace that taken from the girl
for her hand.
GIVES OF HIS CTTTICLE
TO HEAL A WOUND
Haywards.
HATWARDS, Nov. 26.— The Alameda
County Teachers' Institute was opened
here to-day at Native Sons' Hall. County
Superintendent of Schools T. O. Crawford
read a paper this morning on "Ai ith- 
metlc." A lengthy discussion followed.
Subtopics were handled as follows. "Ad
vanced Methods of Teaching Multiplica
tion and Division," Miss P«urlsh of Ala
meda; "Simple Interest," Miss Clara E.
Ketelsen of Haywards; "The Circle," Al
bert Norrls, "Alvaradc; "Cone Analysis
and Longitude," Joseph Diaa of Alviso
and George Edgar of Nilea. During the
afternoon addresses were delivered by
Professor Ell wood P. Cubberley of Stan
ford University and Professor Bradley of
the University of California.
Musical and literary numbers were
given by Miss Cynthia P. Leet of Oak
land. Miss Grace Hostetter cf Elmhurxt.
Paul .Martin of Decoto, Miss Jennl<s C.
Allen of Fruit vale and II. A. Unscott of
San Lorenzo. There was a promenade
concert this evening. The sessions will
continue for two days.
The Teachers' Association officers are
as follows: President. T. O. Crawford;
vice presidents, Wllli#m McDonald. C. H.
Greenman, R. W. Weir, J. J. GUI: secre
tary, Mrs. K. B. S<Shenck; assistant sec
retary Miss Genevleve McKeever; ad
visory • committee, William M. : Greenwe 11,
Haywards; Mrs. K.;B. Schenck. Fruit
vale 1 H W. Lynch, Centerville; Dr. John
Gamble, Haywards ; Paul Martin, Decoto:
George Edgar. NUcs; A. W. Wclr, New
ark; D. J. Armstrong. Elmnurst; VV./H.
Langdon, Ban LeandrorJ. C. Hammel.
Brav; Miss Genevieye McKoever, Inde
pendent. ,, a ¦ ¦ • .: : -.•'-•• -..../,.
Programme Opens for a Three Days'
Session of the Institute at
COUNTY TEACHERS MEET
TO DISCUSS METHODS
OAKLAND, Nov. 26.— The question of
appointment or election of delegates to
the next Republican city convention will
shortly be brought before the City Cen
tral Committee for consideration, in view
of the new sections. of the political code
defining a convention as a body composed
of delegates elected at a primary. Chair
man Breed of the Republican | County
Committee has the matter In hand.
The following expressions of opinion
were given to-day: ' L^
City Attorney Dow said: -"There Is a
rumor to the effect that <the Attorney
General has given an opinion to the Sec
retary of: State that he could, put on the
ticket recently voted the names of nomi
nees that were not nominated by 'such a
convention composed of delegates elected
at a' primary, as section 1186 of the Politi
cal Code provides. I refer-to theProhi
bitlonlsts and Socialists, .who did not hold
primaries. I have not yet given the sub
ject serious consideration." . ¦
Chairman A. H. Breed of the Republi
can County Central Committee said: "I
have had no talk with the members of
the City Central Committee, because the
national and county campaign required
all of my attention. I do not know what
will be done, but before long I will take
the I matter under -consideration, because
it is one that will be of interest to all of
US."
Deputy City Attorney Condon said:
"There exists the Porter primary law,
passed In * 1S66, which devises a plan by
which primaries might be held, but, on its
face It does not purport to be compulsory.
Now comes this new law defining,*con
ventions. The question arises whether, In
viewof. the; annulment of the Stratton
law, a" convention composed In any other
way than . by election of delegates at'a
primary would be a. legal body."
Determined.
Question of Appointment or of Elec
tion to Convention Will Be
TO ASCERTAIN HOW TO
SELECT THE DELEGATES
Her Granddaughter Receives Per
mission of Board of Supervisors
for Her to Enter.'
OAKLAND, Nov. 26.— Miss Anna Fox
applied to the Board of Supervisors this
morning for a permit for her grand
mother, Mrs. Constance Davison, to enter
the County Infirmary at San Leandro.
Supervisor Roeth, to whom the matter
was referred, readily granted tha re
quired permission.
Mrs. Davison Is the aged woman who
waa tried last week for insanity. The
disclosures as to her life 'showed her to
have been a woman of refinement and
prominence and at one time of consider
able wealth. Misfortunes overtook Mrs.
Davison and the other members cf her
family and finally her mind became cloud
ed and she was sent to the inlirinary.
She is 97 years of age. Tha family is un
able to care for her, 3he requiring more
nursing than their financial condition will
allow.
MSS. DAVISON TO GO
BACK TO INFIBMABY
Tho battle concerning the saloon has di
vided the townspeople.
W. H. Cooke has sent a communication
to the Supervisors In which he claims that
none of the saloon licenses at Sunol were
leg-ally obtained. He asserts that the only
citizens qualified by law to sign an appli
cation are W. Day, George Trlmlngham,
Archie Ager. Fred Aver, Anderson,
George Buttner, Johnson, Ram
baud, H. H. Ellis and E. C. Apperson. He
asserts that at least six of these names
should appear upon all petitions. Cooke
asks the board to Inform him what steps
are . necessary to have illegally granted
licenses revoked.
OAKLAND, Nov. 26.— The Board of Su
pervisors has taken under advisement for
one week the application of citizens of
Decoto for revocation of Harry Fortune's
liquor license, charges being made that
Fortune was conductinga disorderly house.
The board to-day heard Fortune's de
fense. He presented a counter petition,
signed by Mrs. Minnie Ibberson. Mrs. T.
S. Fereira, M. J. Souza, William Ferra,
Mrs. J. Duarte. Mis3 Duarte, Mrs. M.
Cary, J. H. Smith, J. T. Hulbert. Mrs. F.
M. White, Mrs. E. T. Thorndyke, John
Carr, T. S. Fereira, George Small. Charles
C. Whlpple. Ed Juhl, G. Neilson. N.
Wilbur, J. Neimes, R. T. Moses, Joe Da
vast and Joe Enna. The signers declared
that Fortune conducted a saloon In an or
derly way. Testimony was given by many
of the signers.
Case — Fight Against Saloons
at Sunol.
Beserve Decision in Harry Fortune's
SUPERVISORS POSTPONE
ACTION ON- Iil CENSE
tlst. Sister Augustine was a delegate
from Sacred Heart Convent at the recent
chapter held at Montreal, when her ap
pointment as superior provincial was
made. Mother - John Baptist was for
eighteen years with Sacred Hear,t Con
vent, and her visit has been made (Tie
opportunity for the coming reunion of
former pupils.
TO SAIL.
Time Ball.
Branch* Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N.,-Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, CaL,
November 26, 1900.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1, €•„ at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS,
' Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N., in charge.
. OCEAN STEAMERS.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived prior to Nor 2«— Stmr
Gaelic, from San Francisco, via Honolulu, for
Hiogo. Shanghai and Hongkong.
CHERBOURG — Sailed Nov 26— Stmr Frieder
ich der Grosse, from Bremen and Southampton,
for New York.
BOSTON— Arrived Nov 24— Stmr Sylvania,
from Liverpool.
GIBRALTAR— Arrived Nov 26— Stmr Fuerst
Bismarck, from New York, for Naples and
Genoa.
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed Nov 26— Stmr Fries
land, from New York, for Antwerp.
• NEW YORK— Arrived Nov 28— Stmr Mesaba,
from London. ;
LIZARD— Pawed Nov 26— Stmr Pennsylva
nia, from New York, for Plymouth, Cherbourg
and Hamburg.
QUEEN'STOWN— Arrived Nov 24— Br ship
ElmhurEt, hence July 19.
NEWCASTLE— Sailed Oct 10— Fr bark Sainte
Anne, for San Francisco.
VICTORIA— Arrived Nov 26— Br stmr Ener
2ia, from Yokohama.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Oct 22— Ger ship Alste
rufer, for Oregon.
Arrived Nov 15— Br stmr Empress of Japan,
from Vancouver.
HONGKONG— Arrived Nov 26— Br ship Swan
hllda, from New York.
NANAIMO— Arrived Nov 25— Nor stmr Tit,a
nia, henca Nov 21.
Sailed Nov 23 — Stmr San Jose, for Acapulco.
FA LMOUTH— Arrived Nov 25— Ger bark Ar
nold, from Victoria, and reports her captain
died at sea.
NEWCASTLE, Aus— In port Nov 6— Br bark
Inverearry, for San Francisco.
HIOGO— In port Nov 1— Ger bark Herrogin
Sophie Charlotte, for Astoria.
SYDNEY— Arrived Oct 30— Br bark Hougo
mont, from Liverpool, to load for San Fran-
ACAPtTLCO— Sailed Nov 22— Stmr City of
Sydney, for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
EUREKA— Arrived Nov 25— Stmr Pomona,
hence Nov 24; stmr Brunswick, hence Nov 24;
stmr San Pedro, hence Nov 24; gchr J G Wall,
hence Nov 13.
Sailed Nov 23— Etmr Homer, for San Fran
cisco. Nov 26— Stmr Pomona, for San Fran
cleeo: stmr South Coast, for San Francisco.
ASTORIA— Arrived Nov 2&-Stmr Columbia,
hence Nov 24; stmr Despatch, hence Nov 23.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Nov 26— Strr.r Luella,
from .
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Nov 26— Stmr Noyo,
hence Nov 23.
REDONDO— Arrived Nov 23— Echr Orient,
from Whatcom.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Nov 24— Stmr
Alcazar, from Greenwood; Etmr Whltesboro,
from Point Arena; stmr Coquille River, from
San Pedro.
Sailed Nov 24— Stmrs Whltesboro and Co
quille River, for San Francisco.
COOS BAY— Arrived Nov 25— Schr Western
Home, hence- Nov IS.
PORT TOWNSEND— Sailed Inward Nov 26—
Dutch ship Sofala.
Arrived Nov 26— Bktn Kllkltat. from Hono
lulu.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT LOBOS, Nov 26, 10 p m— Weather
thick; wind calm, velocity 6 miles.
TELEGRAPHIC.
Monday, November 28.
Stmr Greenwood, Fagerlund. Port Harford.
Schr Mayflower. Olsen, Coqullle River.
SAILED.
CLEARED.
Monday, November 28.
Stmr Bontat, Nopander, San Pedro; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Stmr City of Puebla, Jepsen, Victoria; Good
all, Perkins & Co.
Stmr Willamette. Hansen, 95 hours from Se
attle.
Stmr Geo Loomis, Brideett, 32 hours from
Ventura.
Stmr Mandalcy, Reed, 70 hours from Coqullle
River, via Crescent City 36 hours.
Stmr Kadlak, Haven, 9 days from Kodiak.
Stmr Coquille River, Thonason, 44 hours from
Port Los Anreles.
GRAND HOTEL.
llrs J M Ballon, Cal
E M Finck. Denver
7 M Lcland, Seattle
J M Worth. Cal
C H Field & w, Cal
J S Beach, L Angreles
ft J Thomas, Nevada
C A Stone & w, Colo
E C Hart, Sacto
J Jacobs, Sacto
W C Mulbure, Nome
A KJelaburg, Oakland
C Lewis, Alameda
D G Edwards. P Alto
C W Pendleton, L Ang
F A Botsch & w, Cal
A Hlgo & w, S Crua
T C Stanford. Cal
M McClesh, Denver
H W Dunlap, Mont
Mrs Sharp, Woodland
W Woodplke, Grass VI
J S Goodwin, You Bet
Mrs R Cufkin. N Y
R M Pertreath. N Y
R T Johnson, Monterey
II A Bell & w. Sacto
B L McCoy, Orovllle
J B Agnew, Agnew
C B Knell, Salt Lake
E Parker & w, Alamda
T II Gllles & w, N Y
S Rummelsbure.Colusa
G Forrest. N Y
E R Thomas & w, N Y
L Woodward & w, Cal
\V P Thomas, Uklah
Mrs H II Greau. Sacto
M!s3 Greau, Sact
W H Shockley, N Y
H Tapscott, Red Bluff
A J Costello & w, Cal
G Woods. Salt Laka
J A Black, Oregon
Mrs A Black, Oregon
E P Ferguson. Ohio
H Isaacs, L Angeles
J H Garber, Salinas
C S Ruggles, Chicago
J T Laurltzen, Salinas
H G Turner. Modesto
J D Smith, Redwood
P W Larigan & w.lCa
J C Hosac. Fresno
J E Bell & w, Everett
Miss Kernan, Everett
Dr C W KcllogjK, Cal
H I Seymour, Sacto
PALACE HOTEL.
J P Smith. Livermore
Mrs 3 P Smith. Cal
Mrs E H Cox. Madera
J Donnelly, Chgo
J A McCabe, Omaha
II E McKee, Los Ang
T Werner. N Y
II E Van Duyne. N Y
W E Stewart, Neb
R King. Stockton
F W Hine, Eureka
F E Fernald, ChgD
Mrs F E Fernald, Chg
C G Weber, St Louis
J Barrett, Portland
C R Bishop. N Y
F A Bishop, N Y
W S Collins, Los Ang
G E Ingersoll. Cal
C H Goodwin. Boston
G H Whitford. Mass
R KcK-hler, Portland
Mrs R Koehler, Portld
G Good, Portland
Mrs Q Good. Portlnd
J A McWood, Portland
M Kuhn, N Y
E S Vance, Oakland
Mrs G E Hart. Oaklnd
Miss Howard. Oakland
¦ 3 M Williams, Cal
:Mrs J M Williams, Cal
Miss M Everhard, Cal
jMI*s E Everhard, Cal
J W Strawn, Nevada
;Mrs J W Strawn. Nev
IE W Churchill, Napa
jltrs E W Churchill. Cal
|W Haralamb. Cal
jD Melone, Oakland
J B Gildersleeve, Cal
|Dr W F Beede. Stkton
O Strauss, Sacto
J A Matneay, Java
P J Dunlor. Cal
Mrs P J Dunlop, Cal
Miss Dunlop, Cal
Capt Dobrotvorsky,
Russia
E de Bavler, Shanghai
O P Pocey. Los Ang
W Kerchenrich, L Ang
T Naw, Los Ang
F II Yost. Cal
S E Kiefter. Sacto
jE P Edward. Clieo
-Mrs E P Edwards, Chg
NEW "WESTERN HOTEL
F Wldrcayer, Tesla
8 Clerenger, Cal
M Ispen & w, LosAng
W F Brlnler. Ind
H B Mularkey. Fresno
E E Merritt. Chicago
G Bayne, Oregon
Miss Barber, Oakland
Miss Nel?on, Minn
8 Johnson. Seattle
C C Cameron, Arnona
J Roffs, San Dl»>go
R Andcn, L Angeles
HOTEIi ARRIVALS.
SHIP MARION CHILCOTT WILL
ENTER THE HAWAIIAN TRADE
ARRIVED.
Monday. November 26.
Etmr Greenwood, Fagerlund, 16 hours from
Greenwood; bound for Port Harford; put in to
land passengers. ..,'
Water Front, Notss.
The whaling bark Fearless Is due any
aay now from the Arctic. She has been
g-one quite a long time and is bringing
nome four whales. Captain James Me-
Kenna has been gone from San Francisco
for nearly six years and his many friends
will be glad to welcome him home.
The Harbor Commissioners met yester
day and decided to advertise for bids for
the cement to be used on the new work
contemplated on the front. It is calcu
lated that from 10,000 to 12,000 barrelB will
be required.
The German ship Flotbek has arrlvedat
Yokohama from Tampa. She was long
overdue and 15 per cent reinsurance was
being paid on her.
_ »
Charters.
The Antofagrasta loads lumber at, Chemalnns
for Antofagaeta, owner's account': the Fort
GeorKe. lumber at Chemalnus for Sydney, B23
6d. prior to arrival: the John Smith, lumber
nt Chemalnus for Nagasaki, 70?, prior to, ar
rival; the Bofala, wheat at Tacoma for Eu
rope. 42s 6d, prior to arrival; the Austrian
steamer Slam, wheat for St. Vincent, for
orders, 45e, option of loading: at Tacoma, 48s 9d.
¦ . ' -«
Shipping Intelligence.
Naval Militia Ship Tied TJp at the
Foot of Powell Street.
The naval reserve training ship Marlon
has been moved from the stream to sec
tions 1 and 2 of the seawall. The an
nual inspection of all members of the bat
talion will be held aboard to-night, and
as the notices were only issued yesterday
there is a great hurry and scurry in get
ting the men together.
The reason for taking the Marlon to the
seawall is the fact that she broke her
windlass during last Tuesday night's gale.
When the storm came up she began to
drag and the starboard anchor haa to be
let go. It fouled with the port anchor and
then the trouble began. While hauling in
the pert anchor the main ge.ar on the
windlass broke and tugs had to take hold
of the training ship and anchor her near
the seawall. AH of yesterday the boat
swain was at work getting his fouled an
chors clear. H'.s windlass was useless,
so he had to use the ash hoist and with
it he and his men did excellent work. A
more clever piece of scheming has never
been done on a ship and the boatswain
and his assistants deserve all the credit.
It Is due to them that the Marlon is along
side the wharf to-day and ready for the
inspection to-night.
»
First of Her Kind Afloat.
The clipper ship Roderick Dhu is being
fitted throughout with electricity, and
when the plant is installed she will be
the only failing vessel afloat that is light
ed throughout with Incandescent lights.
The Roderick Dhu has had a cold-storage
plant aboard for nearly a year and, think
ing over the matter. Captain Matson, tho
managing owner, and Captain Johnson,
master of the ship, came to the conclu
sion that It would not cost much to put
In a dynamo. The consequence is that the
Roderick Dhu will sail in a few days light
ed throughout with electricity.
MABION MOVED FROM STREAM.
p=Tj«^2HE American ship Marion Chll
1 cott is now owned in San Fran-
I Cisco ?.nd ihis city in the future
1 will be her homo port. Captain
William Matson.wlll be her man
aging owner and in company with the
Roderick Rhu, Falls of Clyde, Santiago
and Annie Johnsnn she will run in the
Spreekels line to H.'lo.
The* Marion Chilcott was formerly the
British ship Kilbrannan. r She went ashore
at Port Townsend and was there aban
doned by her owners. Later the wreck
was purchased by the stevedoring firm
of Barneson & Chilcott, and after some
hard work that firm got her off and re
paired her at considerable cost. The money
expended on her wag more than required
under the law laid down by Congress to
obtain for her an American register, so
the Kilbranran came under the American
flag under the name of the Marion Chil
cott. Since then she has been trading out
of Puget Sound ports and last year made
a trip to Manila for Uncle Sam, carrying
supplies.
The Marion Chilcott is now in Austra
lian waters, and Captain Rock has gone
to Port Adelaide to bring her over for
Captain Matson. He will bring her to San
Francisco, and hereafter Bhe will run be
tween San Francisco and Hilo.
The Marion Chilcott was built at Port
Glasgow in 1882, and is 256 feet longr, 38
feet beam and 22 feet deep. She Is a
great carrier and has made some of the
quickest passages of any of the fleet on
the coast. The chances are that when
Captain Matson gets her , here he will
turn her into a bark. .
Coming Back Here
I From Australia to
Sail Under the
American Flag.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALX., TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 27, 1900.
AMERICAN SHIP MARION CHILCOTT, FORMERLY THE BRITISH
SHIP KILBHANNAN, THAT HAS BEEN PURCHASED BY SAN FRAN
CISCO PARTIES FOR THE HILO TRADE.
11
Steamer.
I Destination. I
Sails.
| Pier.
Eureka [Humboldt | Nov. 27, 9 am'.Pler 13
City Puebla Victoria Nor. 27. 11 am, Pier »
Bonlta Newport Nov. 27, 9 am|Pler 11
Empire .... Coos Bay Nov. 27. 10am|Pler 13
Rival WtU&pa Nor. 27. 3 pm I Pier 2
Albion Honolulu (Nov. 17, 10 am|Pler 3
Czarina ...{Seattle Nov. 28, 5 pm Pier 8
Queen San Diego Nov. 28, 9 am Pter 11
Doric Chlna&Japan Nov. 28, 1 pm PM3S
Acapulco .. New York Nov. 2x. 12 m PMSS
Mandalay . CoqulUe Rlv. . Nov. 2S Pier 3
Pomona ... Humboldt Nov. 29. 2 pm Pier 9
Alliance ... Portl'd & C.B. Nov. 29, 9 am Pier 20
Arcata Coos Bay INov. 29, 12 m Pier 13
Gea. Elder. Portland INov. 29. 11 am Pier 24
Kmplre .... Coos Bay Nov. 29. 10 am Pier 13
Corona Newport Nov. 80. » am Pier U
Manauense Mexico Dec. 1. 12 m Pier 27
North Fork Humboldt Dec. 1, 9 am Pier 3
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Dec. 1, 2 pm Pier 2
Walla Wall Vic & Pgt Sd. Dec. 2, 11 am Pier D
R&nler Seattle Dec. 2. .. pm
Santa Rosa San Dieuo Dec. 2. S am Pier 11
Zealandla .Honolulu Dec. 3. 2 pm|Pier 7
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Progreso ITacoma Nov. 27
Mattewan ITacoma Nov. Zl
Nippon Maru... China and Japan Nov. 11
Curacao .„.-».. Mexico Nov. 27
Pomona Eureka [Nov. 2T
Arcata Coo» Bay Nov. 27
Robert Dollar.. Seattle Nov. 27
Empire ....:.... Coos Bay Nov. 27
Bel Norte Portland and Coos Bay. Nov. 23
Corona Newport Nov. 28
Senator Alaska & Puget Sound.. Nov. 2S
ZeaUnJla (Honolulu (Nov. ss
Australia |TahlU <Nov. 25
North Fork ....jHumboldt |Nov. 28
Rainier .ISeattle Nov. 28
JeaniB |S«>attle Nov. 28
Crescent City.. [Crescent City Nov. 29
Santa Rosa jSan Diego Nov. »
Point Arena.... I Point Arena Nov. 2J
South Portland [Seattle Nov. SO
Mackinaw Seattle Nov. 30
Titanla [Nanalmo Nov. 30
Eureka jHumboldt |Nov. SO
City of Sydney; New iorlt via. Panama i Dec. \
Columbia | Portland., IDec. 1
Queen ISan Dt<»gro & Way Ports [D-ic. 2
Bonlta [Newport and Way Ports Dec. 3
Umatllla IVictorla & Puget SoundiDec. 3
Sun rises 7 :03
Sun sets 4:52
Moon sets 10:11 p. m.
O (Time TlmeJ |Tlme| |Tlme|
• '• Ft. Ft. I 1 Ft. . Ft.
• H W L W |H W L W|
27 ... 3:50 5.0 8:60 3.2 2:13 4.9 9:12 0.2
28 ... 4:33 5.1 10:02 3.8 3:35! 4.S 10:05 0.6
29 ... 5:18 5.3 11:18 2.2 6:001 4.2 11:00 1.1
SO... 8:00 5.5 12:20 1.6 6:27 4.2....
L W H W U W H W
1 ... 0:00 1.6 6:45 5.8 1:19 0.8 7:4« 4.2
2 ... 0:5! 2.0| 7:29 6.0 2:13 0.1 8:58 4.3
3 ... 1:46 2.3| 8:12 6.3} 3:09|— 0.5 10:01 4.4
Sun rises 7 :03
Sun sets 4:52
Moon sets 10:11 p. m.
O (Time TlmeJ |Tlme| |Tlme|
• '• Ft. Ft. I 1 Ft. . Ft.
• H W L W |H W L W|
27 ... 3:50 5.0 8:60 3.2 2:13 4.9 9:12 0.2
28 ... 4:33 5.1 10:02 3.8 3:35! 4.S 10:05 0.6
29 ... 5:18 5.3 11:18 2.2 6:001 4.2 11:00 1.1
SO... 8:00 5.5 12:20 1.6 6:27 4.2....
L W H W U W H W
1 ... 0:00 1.6 6:45 5.8 1:19 0.8 7:4« 4.2
2 ... 0:5! 2.0| 7:29 6.0 2:13 0.1 8:58 4.3
3 ... 1:46 2.3| 8:12 6.3} 3:09|— 0.5 10:01 4.4
Steamer.
I Destination. I
Sails.
| Pier.
Eureka [Humboldt | Nov. 27, 9 am'.Pler 13
City Puebla Victoria Nor. 27. 11 am, Pier »
Bonlta Newport Nov. 27, 9 am|Pler 11
Empire .... Coos Bay Nov. 27. 10am|Pler 13
Rival WtU&pa Nor. 27. 3 pm I Pier 2
Albion Honolulu (Nov. 17, 10 am|Pler 3
Czarina ...{Seattle Nov. 28, 5 pm Pier 8
Queen San Diego Nov. 28, 9 am Pter 11
Doric Chlna&Japan Nov. 28, 1 pm PM3S
Acapulco .. New York Nov. 2x. 12 m PMSS
Mandalay . CoqulUe Rlv. . Nov. 2S Pier 3
Pomona ... Humboldt Nov. 29. 2 pm Pier 9
Alliance ... Portl'd & C.B. Nov. 29, 9 am Pier 20
Arcata Coos Bay INov. 29, 12 m Pier 13
Gea. Elder. Portland INov. 29. 11 am Pier 24
Kmplre .... Coos Bay Nov. 29. 10 am Pier 13
Corona Newport Nov. 80. » am Pier U
Manauense Mexico Dec. 1. 12 m Pier 27
North Fork Humboldt Dec. 1, 9 am Pier 3
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Dec. 1, 2 pm Pier 2
Walla Wall Vic & Pgt Sd. Dec. 2, 11 am Pier D
R&nler Seattle Dec. 2. .. pm
Santa Rosa San Dieuo Dec. 2. S am Pier 11
Zealandla .Honolulu Dec. 3. 2 pm|Pier 7
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Progreso ITacoma Nov. 27
Mattewan ITacoma Nov. Zl
Nippon Maru... China and Japan Nov. 11
Curacao .„.-».. Mexico Nov. 27
Pomona Eureka [Nov. 2T
Arcata Coo» Bay Nov. 27
Robert Dollar.. Seattle Nov. 27
Empire ....:.... Coos Bay Nov. 27
Bel Norte Portland and Coos Bay. Nov. 23
Corona Newport Nov. 28
Senator Alaska & Puget Sound.. Nov. 2S
ZeaUnJla (Honolulu (Nov. ss
Australia |TahlU <Nov. 25
North Fork ....jHumboldt |Nov. 28
Rainier .ISeattle Nov. 28
JeaniB |S«>attle Nov. 28
Crescent City.. [Crescent City Nov. 29
Santa Rosa jSan Diego Nov. »
Point Arena.... I Point Arena Nov. 2J
South Portland [Seattle Nov. SO
Mackinaw Seattle Nov. 30
Titanla [Nanalmo Nov. 30
Eureka jHumboldt |Nov. SO
City of Sydney; New iorlt via. Panama i Dec. \
Columbia | Portland., IDec. 1
Queen ISan Dt<»gro & Way Ports [D-ic. 2
Bonlta [Newport and Way Ports Dec. 3
Umatllla IVictorla & Puget SoundiDec. 3
Flr.e^t Knulpment at Moderate Rates.
I UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
17 and 2» Fifth «t TeL South XI7.
IUNIB1L DIRECT0S3 AND EMBALMEB1.
Flnrrt Knulpment at Moderate Rates.
(Successor *o Flannaran & Gallecher)
DANIEL P. DO.VOV.V.V, Mtr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
20 Fifth «t., opposite Lincoln School.
Telerhone South SO. .
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
BAILBOAD TBAVEL.
5anta Fe
Trains—Daiiy
v Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
Lre. San Francisco. »:0O a m 4:10 p m 1:00 p n
Arr. Stockton 12 »» p m 7:15 p m 11:05 p m
•• Merced 2-** P m J:« * »
•• Fresno 4:J0 p m 1:06 a n»
" Vlsalla J:W p m 4:60 a n
•• Tulare «:« p m j:10 a m
•»/ Hanford 8:M p m 7:0« a m
* UakersHeld ... 1:40 pm 7:30 a m
- Denver 10:00 am ¦
•• Kansas City... 5:15 p a»
.«•• Chicago 7:40 am
I a. ra.- train la the Overland Express. Corr»«
gponding train arrives at J p. m. dally.
4:10 p m. Is Stockton Local. Corresponding
train arrive* 11:05 a. m. dally. - • -
»:00 p. m. Is Fre»no and Bakerafield Express.
with Reeplng Cars for both cities. Correspcnd-
Ibc trtln arrives at * a. m. dally.
OFFICES— Ml Market tt. and In Ferry Depot,
Saa Francisco: 1113 Broadway. Oakland.
NORtrPACIIFlFcOAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausatlto perry.
Commencing September 30, 1900.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 6:53. *9:15. 11:00 a. m.. n:45,
5:15 4:00, 6:15, '6:13, 6:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS-For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on . Mondays. ' Wednesdays and Sat-
urdays at 9:00 and 11:35 p.m.
SUNDAYS— *8:00. *10U», *11:SO a. m., 1:13,
3:15, **4:45. C:30, 9:00 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:W. - %:X>, 7:45, 9:30 a. m.
•12:20. 1:45. *J:30, 4:J0. 5:20 p. ra.
EXTKA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at «:45 and 10:20 p. m.
BUNDAYS-»:20. 'S:^ »10:00, »U:« a. ra.
•1:40, *2:15. 4:45, *6:30 p. m.
.Trains marked" <•) start frcm San Quentin
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEBK DAYS— 5:45. 8:45. 7:55. 9:30 a. m.
12:35. 2:10. 3:30. 4:51, 5:10 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
ami Saturday" at 7:10 and 10:!O p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:05, 10:03 a. m.. 11:05, 2:15. 3:30,
'S:00, 6:45 p. m.
-.>-.--, THROUGH TRAIN'S.
6:55 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. ' jiirtcn *• > nrt T *i itrjp - WfflflflniF tUMimfxH
1:43 p. m. Saturdays— Tomales ami way sta-
tion*.
1:00 a. m, Sundays— Tomales and way rta-
•"««- •--.;•••¦-¦ -
KOOMS FOR HOCSEKEEPIXG.
ELl-IS. C21. near Larkln— Xewly furnished
sului of 2 sunny rms. for housekeeping; $13 50.
GOLDEN* GATE are.. CK-Sunny eulte- clean
•/ .-omfortable: fras clove; running wat»r.
HVDE. ««- Sunny cuite. complete for house-
* l u KK 1 } T .*, nr V Mason— Large room anl kit-
chot^ folding bed. W , mJMI 8Q Ksaniy 11
MISSION. ITSi*,. near I3th— 2 furnished hou-e
keeping rooms; bath; laundry; *S. n °use-
OAK ?i-To let, lurr.lstT.d~ housekeeping room-
ooal snU Tvood stove; gas; running wlter!
r^eKiS l -t D r^J r tr ltt *? ent " * nd
r<>ccl\^<l at Call branch ofne». 2100 Fillmore st.
. *~J2S2£25: ""^''or C*" •dvertlsements and
ValerrU «* established at 10S8
KOOMS TO .. n d Cufnri.
A 7^ t:NS ' l Y 1 u K , Iious< '- 11S ei«n-Rooms 25c
to il per right; Jl 25 to $:, jx-r week, and light
Iio-.:^Ueoiung; open all nisht. ,
AI'STIN ave.. liB— Sunny front room to let.
Ul'RNETT. H^ Market lold No. 1364)-Fur-
r..y;.f>i rrns.. suites, single: also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. ZM Ellis, cor. Mason-Elesantly
.urr-lshed eunny rooms: prices reasonable.
KLLIS, K»— Neat. tidy, ccelrable furnished
rooms fcr rer.tlcmen cnl}-.
CEAKY. 403 < The Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
to?.*; cuUw or t1npl#; travelers accommodated.
GEARY. S:3\— Large sunny room furcUhed or
unfurnished.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
ana Mission ets.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
e'.ngle; ladles' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
HARRISON. TS4H, neax 4th-Finely furniehed
eur.r.y rooms, bath, ail conveniences; home-
like, private; tl week up.
w; HOWARD. €to— A nice Eicgle eunny front room
for a eentleman to let.
LAS PAL3KAS. 1S*3 Market et.-Suite of 1 or 8
rms.; prtvat«: bath; 6ln. rrns; board optional.
ilcCLELLAND. 200 Turk st.— Changed hands;
newly renovated; all rooms facing either
Turk cr Joneg st. ; rent reasonable.
MINNA, ea. corner Eighth-New furnished
bay-xrlnflow room, tl per week; transient.
OTW ARLINGTON. 1C1S Market St.— Nicely
furnlehed roomt, tl a week up; 35c & day up.
NORWOOD, ill Taylor — FumishM sunny
fu'.tcs, single rooms; J2 a week up.
OTARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
office?; elevator; electric lights: day. vk., mo.
POST, 41214— 6unny newly furnished: hot and
cola water; bath; one or two gentlemen.
ROYAL Housq. 12« Ellis rt.— Incandescent light;
readinc-room. caioking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per n!i?ht, I5c to tl 68; week, J2 to
ti; month. JS to % Z: elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot ecd ccld water; baths.
XIOSEDALE Tlo\ise. 3:9 and 321 Ellin St.— Rooms,
clrht Sc to {1. w«k tl 25 to 14: open night.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
r.ee.r Market— Furr.lfhed cr unfurnished.
eiXTH. 136— Ftirnifhed suite of rooms. suita.bl»
fcr business; privilege of light houseVe^plnj.
THIRTIETH. 17*— 3 nice sunny furnished
roorrs to let: fine view; private family.
TT'P.K, ITS— FurrMshed room, suitable for gen-
t'err.an. $5 month.
TT'IIK, 80S — Larre runny room, also front
I room; grates, running water, gas, bath.
f '"LAFS1FIED advertisements and rubscrlptlons
, received at Call branch offlce, 2J00 Fillmore st.
A EliANCH offlce for Call advertisement* and
F-ulFonrtior.s has been established at 10S6
\'a>rir ! a et.
ROOMS AND HOARD.
EELKCT family hotel; new interior; three- spe-
cial dir.nera weekly; rates to establish. 807
California st.
BOARD and rocrr.s at <15 First St.. near Har-
riron.
ROOMS AXD BOARD WANTED,
8VITE of rooms, first-class board; if no ele-
rator parlcr floor. Address box 809, Call.
ROOMS WANTED.
SMALL* rheap fumithed room with grate or
Move; central l.xraticn. J. H. STEWART,
<3l l » Jessie st.
wanted — 7T?ree furnished housekeepingrooms
by S adults: fCO. Boa 416. Call office.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
t-ADin's— Ch1che«ter"s EngUsh Pennyroyal PiHs
ere the best: *afe. reliable: take no ether;
tend 4c stamps for particulars; "Relief for
Lr".<!:?s" !n letter by return mall; at firug-
CiFt5. Chtchester Chemical Co.. Phlladel.. Pa.
13 AD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
<;r. Montr"Tn«TT St.. rooms S-10; tel. 5580.
5EV%IXG MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
ALL. kinJs bought, so'd, rented, exchanged; re-
r.atrir.g lowest rates; open even. 203 Fourth.
V BOUGHT, eold. rented, repaired: needles and
shuttles; reduced rate*. 145 €th: phone Mint S.
ALL kinds bought, eold and repairing guaran-
t«""1. O-.arlpg Plarr.b»»-K. 1!»:5 Mission, nr. 15th.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission st.;
tel. Main :SIC; shipping at cut rates.
WILSON BROS., storage and moving; covere'I
vane. Tenth and Market; phone South 78i
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
psqqr. SZ20 Fiilmore st. : phone Jackson 28L
TVPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
GREAT BAROa7nTTn~TTp1eWRITER^W«
ee!l better machines for less money than any
hou.«e in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. £36 California; telephone Main 266.
Al.WATS bargains In typewriters: any make.
Write fcr prices to L. i II. ALEXANDER,
110 Montgomery st.
SLOT MACHINES.
BOUGHT and eold; new and second-hand; large
aiyplay: very cheap 11C7 Market.bet. 7th & Sth.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
i>IVl'r>ENL»""Notice— Dividend No! Ill~(n7ty
cents per chare) of the Oceanic SteamshlD
Company wlil be payable at the of nee of the
company. 227 Market St.. on and after Satur-
day. December I. 1S00. Transfer books will
close on Saturday, November 24. 1*00. at II m.
E. H. BHKLDOS. Secretary.
PROPOSALS. ~~~
EIDS WANTED— Notice is~hereby glren that
sealed rropoeaJs w m be received by the Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home of Call
fornia. at Us office, room 13. 220 Sansome et
Ban Francisco, Cal.. up to 10:20 o'clock a ni' #
SATURDAY, December 8. 1S00. and opened
immediately thereafter in the presence of bid-
ders, for furnishing and delivering <juarter-
» uiarK-r and commissary Fupplies for the Vet
r erans* Home, Napa County, Cal. (railroad sta-
' tlon Yountville). for fix months commencing
Jsn-ury L lid. »« 5< 1 June 30, 1801. Sched-
ule* w'th Information and instructions for
rubmittlr.S bids will be furnished upon appli-
«-ation by the undersigned. Bidders will care-
fully fol'.cw the conditions of the schedules
and no bid vlll be considered unless it is in
accordance with *uch schedules. Each bidder
mu*t accompany his bid with a certified check '
upen sonae well-known and responsible bank-
lr.g houre for et least 10 per cent of the
amount of Ms bid. payable to C. Mason
Ktnne, treasurer, conditioned that the bidder
will enter Into a good and valid contract upon
notice r.f acceptance as required by law. The
bcaid reserve* the right to reject any or all
Lids arid to order uny quantity over or under
the anvotnt e^ecified.
ACdsrse J. J. SCOVILLE. SecreUrr Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home of Call-
Jornia. room IS, 32P Hantome st, San Fran-
'ls-co Cal. By order cf the Board of Direc-
tor*. J. J. SCOVII-Ln. tSecretary.
fcTALED rropcsals. endorsed "Propoeals for
Prudence " will b« received at the Bureau
•¦f Yards and Docks. Navy Department.
V. ashinptor.. until 1 o # clock. December 26.
3r>frt. and then and there publicly opened, for
<-orjstructing a frame residence for command-
»int. cook-houte and servants' quartern at the
Naval Station. Tutulla, Eamoan Islands. For
:«!etis. s;«?oincatien* and forms of proposals
address MORWXAI T. ENDICOTT. Chief of
li.>r>-au. NV.vpml>er It. 1P00.
MAEEIAGE LICENSES.
Tl»e following marriage licenses were issued
Charl^» P. Ormsby. 2L 30 Rincon place, and
JCeJlie IS. Facsett, IS, Oakland.
IMward I!. Holland. 2$. San Jose, and Flo«-
«ie M. Monnettf, 20, 6an Joee.
Ar.i!rew Cunningham, 27, Vallejo, and Brid-
K*-t o'SulMvan. 27. city.
Henry I'. Tothunintr, 22. 2200 Mission street,
tnd <;ertle f->fste<J, 25, city.
Anders P. Munson, 36, <ir.2 Twentieth street,
\*nd Anna C. Johnkon. 3S. 4152 Twentieth etreet.
# '«car JiofTman. 30. 713 Butter street, and
-^ iTV.renee Jacobe. 25, D13 Leavenworth street.
Hmil A^ Eidelniff-r. 2S, 2T77S» Mlsclon street,
end Minnie M. Wlikey, T». J227 Mleslon street.
. Oeorge W. Korts, 28. S27 Alabama street, and
Mamie J. Dougherty. 22, 1337 Minna street.
John A. B. Kinsr. 28, 4 Henrietta square, and
M*r:e l\ Kj an, 23, 5 Elgla Park. . .
t&W^mWnrMf^tittto^nrr 1 I'^ir i^i*i ni-sSarin. 1 ¦ t -1 iv m-mi -if*Bi*MWIsS«^BBs»sss^BMssfcji
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SICK HEADACHE
Pottttvel? cored bytbeoe
.Little Pills.
TheyaI»T«!leve Distress from DTsccjaJsC
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. Aper-
fecx rexn*dy tee Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi.
nes3, Bad Taste to the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pafaln the Side, TORPID LTVER. They
Rcsjulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable, j
Small Pin. Small Ooso.
i 8nraaf! Pffea^
BAILBOAD TBAVEL.
•oiTurK^ rA<-iri<r ionrii.ii.
(PACIFIC HTXTKM.)
MAX IIUM'IICO.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
ibat* — Frm\i NoTisitu T. ISM. — AK*rra
*7:OOa Bentcfe, Xulsan, Klmlri. V»js»i"«,
Ramsey »uU S»0r»menio *7:l3p
*7:OOa Stunt* Exprass- Darts, WiHJam*(fcr
BiirSlBtt Spring*), Wtllawa. Red
Blufl. roniAod.. •7t*»»-
•?:S«U MvUnw, rt»ul:»m« 1 n.V»HeJo. N"»r*.
t'alimn t* »ml Hani* Kos* '•>I3P
•SiOOa D»tU, Woodland. Knights Landing.
M*rjt?iiie. Oro.Ule. ... •7»«r
•»!<><#* Atlantic Kipress— Oiden »ad Rut *Si-I3»
•J4«i NUm. LlTermore, Tncr, L»tfcrop.
8tockton *7sl3»
•Stan* S»u Jcino. U'ermoT*, Mlnektmi,
lone, ftMTtmeuto, PUorrrilla,
M.rjiTlllo. Chico. Ke-WlliilT Mililp
•»:aot OtkiUIr, Chinese. Houorm. Garten... *I:I5p
•9t«O» liar want*. Niin *n«t Wsy HUUoui. M 1>I3«
•SiOOa Lou Aocoles Express — Martinex,
Tncr, L»throp, rttoekSou, Mnr«e4
Fre»no «im1 Los Angeles *7tl3r
•9:38 % Villrjo, Martinez ami Way HUtloni a 3i ISr
'I »!«•** The Oreriiml Limited— Ogdeo, Den-
• *er. Omaha. Chicacu •••*»»
•1I:«Oa Nile*. 3too» ton. Hma%m»atft. M»iv
dot*. Fnaoot Hanford, Vbalia,
rortertiUa «4iia»
'11:00a Urermora, auger, Gotinen Jan*
ties. Bakertnefd. Los Angeles
fltOOp a»cr».n<-nti> KlierStaanifHtu tSiOO*
•a:O»r Haywuda. Nllrs aod Wai Ktetlona. •»• »¦"»»
*4i««»r Martluer. H»n lt»mou. Y*lle)<x>
N .•»!«. r*ll...»i<«, ?.»iiu Itnsa **tiaa
•liltr D«uieia, Winters, Haeramaulo,
Wotxilaud, KmIkdU Lauding.
M«rj«»i:ir. Ocmlll. •ln:|l>4
•liJif Haywarda. Nllaa m.! Ban Jos* t*- a**
•SiOftr Xt.es. 14»ennore mm! Stockton •IOs43a,
oOsOOr 0u-*et Limited, El Fa**, N««
Orle«Cf »r.d E»»t. elOtl.i*.
*3:tt*pTli« Owl Uusited-Tncr. fresna.
lUkcrstirUI. N«ti(iia (or S*nU Uar-
b»f». Ubrn Aocelek. *IOil»4
•5t«»r Saw OrUao* £xcreaa— Hakersllelil.
Han«» ll»rU»r». 1.cj Angelea, l)-m.
Ing, El Paso, Ketr OiImbs and
Kast *Ti4»4
••i»«r.BaTward*, NlleaaodSaa Joae *7i4.-l4
< <O.«"r V»llejo «lli43*
•tti«wr Oriental Matt— Og<I«a. Cbeyenae.
Omaha, Chicago •»il.">r
•«:OOr Oriontal JUIl— Ogden, Deafer,
Oaaii*. ChiMco. *4tl3r
*7tl*P On|an ud California Kxi>r<*u.H*g.
i.moiiL... M.rjn.llla. Keiltlluf.
r«i«!»Mil. rugek Hoin.il ami Kaa» *Si«34
••¦•SrSaa Piblo, Port Costa. Mirtiaei
and Wajr Stations M 1:4.1*
tSrOJr Vallelo «11>43»
COAST DIVISION (.tarron «i.-in S «).
(Foot ct Market 3tra«>.)
*Sil3A^ewaxk.CeutwilUe..Sao.losa,iri>. > ton.
BoaMerCreelr.natitftCrus and Wa»
Butiuoa ••sSar
tStlSr Newark, Cetiterftlle. Sau .loue, New
Almadeo, Folton. ItouMar Cre«k.
Sajita Cras aad Principal Way
Statloiii fH»i»i>»
•4:l1r Newark. H»n Jo»e, Los Gatos a 8iAOA
¦lti43FHnnun' Bzenniou, Baa Jos* aad
Way Station* fT'**^
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
j rrtaSil fiUSCISM— flit *f U.ri.l Sl.t.l (i'.h J)—
•7:15 «:00 11:00*. a. 11:33 *233 tI:U
•1:03" JS:03 't-.dr.n.
rr.mQtlUIS-fa.i .'Br»i».;.— *«.00 8 00 19:00t.«.
U2:30 ' *l:03 t3:S3 *i:33 H:J3 'MJf.si.
COAST IMVlslO.1 (ItroaiHJaine).
(ThtrJ.mdTownaaiMlSto.)
10<IOa Oeaaii View. Houth Man Fianclmx>.. t«i»«r
*7:OOa Han Jon* ami Way Hfcationa (New
Alma<len Weitii«*dajaniili) *liS0V i
•BiO»* Nan Joie. Trea I'liion. MkhU Vtnx.
PaciU* Urnfe. !'»•¦» Uubles. Haa
l.utt ol.lnpo. Hiirf, Lvrapoc and
Prlnolpal Way HUtlona *-«il«r
•lo<lo« San Jus* and Way Statioua. MiS.1 4
•I I:3Oa Man Jose ami Way HUtlona *3i3or
t*:!3r San Mateo, Uedwood. Menlo Pirk.
Palo Alto. .Santa Clara. Man Juno.
Tres Pino*. HauU (,'tm, Salluas.
lloutereyand 1'aciAo tlrora fl«tX*4
t3iS«p Rao Joae aud Way Stations •7«3«?
|4tlSr San Joaeaiid rriuclpai WaySUtions *9<43a
tStOOr 9aa Jow. Lo* Gxto» and Principal
WaySUUoos t9iO*)a
•3i3Op San Joa« and Principal Way Station! *S:33«
•UilKJp San Jcaaand Way .Station! tS:«O A
«llfi3f San Jo* and Way .Station* *7i8Or
A (or Morning. r for Afternoon.
* Pally. t Hnnday nested. I ftoada« o«i».
f Mondays, Wedneadan, Trld»ym.
« TaesdJj*. TbarscUrs, SojuUit.
• Saturdiyouij 1 ,
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NURTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
TIBURON FERRY-FOOT OF MARKET ST.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DATS— 7:30. 9:00^11:00 a. m.; 11:35. 3:30.
5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip at 11:3>>
p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50 aad
U:20 p. m.
SUNDATS-«:C0, 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 1:30, S.CO.
6:20 p. m.
San Rafael to San Francisco. -.¦
WEEK DAYS-€:10. 7:50, 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; «:45.
3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:33
and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS-8U0. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.: 1:40. J:40. 5:05.
6:25 p. m.
Between San Pntncisco and Scbuetzen Park,
same schedule as above. . •
. Leave | la Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. | Nov. 7. 19C0. | San Francisco.
"Week I Sun- J J Sun- I W*«k
Days. | days. [ Destination. ( days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 ara| S:« am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm;X0:2S am
6:10 pci 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pmj 8:22 pm
* Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor, 10:23 an
¦ Healdsburr,
Lytton.
Oyservilla,
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverd&l*. 7:35 pm 1:3 pm
7:30 ami j Hopland J j
I 3:00 ami and Ckiah. f T.SS pmf 8:33 pm
7:30 ami ' ~T ~~ [10:35 am
I 8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
3:30 cm] | <:23 pm
7:30 am 8.-00 am Sonoma 19:15 am 8:40 aaa
and |
5:10 pm 5:00 pra] Glen Ellen, f 6:05 pm 8:23 pm
7:30 am) 8:00 am) 110:40 am:10:2S am
3:30 pm| 5:00 pml Febastnpol. | 7:35 pm| S:23 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altruria; at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs: at Clovenlale
(or the G?ysers: at Hopland for Duncan
SprlnRs. Highland Sprlnjrs. Kelseyvllle. Carls-
bad Sprints, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Sp'rings; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Sprlng9, Upper Lake, Pomo. Potter Valley,
John Day's. Riverside. ' Llerley's. Bucknell'a.
Sanhediin Heights, Hullvllle. Orr*» Hot Springs.
Mendoclno City. Fort Bras-g. Weetport. UsaL
Willets, Laytonvlle, Cummlncs. Bell's Springs,
Harris, Olsens. Dyer. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
< duced rates. v
On Sundays, round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rate*.
Ticket offlce, C50 Market St.. Chronicle build-
in r. R. X. RTAN.
H. C. WntTTXO. Gen. Pass. A«t.
Pen. Manager. .
MOUNT TAHALPAIS RAILWAY
Leaves Saa Francisco, via Samallto Firry:
WEEK DATS 9:15 a. m.; 1:45 and *:<M p. m.
SUNDAYS 8:00. 10:00. 11:30 and 1:U p. na.
Fare, Fan Francisco to Summit and Return,
tl 40.
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAI3 NOW OPEN.
T»ck»t offlcM. stl M»rfc>t «t.. Paosailto F«rrr.
/^^ik Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
/fr»<i>Srr C2O KEABSY ST. Established
ia^pVAln I "*•¦»-» (or the trratnifnt of frlrntA
9i I K..4SJT PIwmm, I<»Kt MantiuoO. DvbiMc.r or
ajfrfcajaSt liifM' wearing on body and mind and
rVTfSfl l|Sk!n Diseases. Th*> Doctorcnr«s wli»«
other* fall. Try him. Tharsrs low.
guiirantffd. Ollorwd**.
l»r. JT. «•. «llBBO.i(,8aa JFxandsco, Cat _
ETThe funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), at 2:S0 o'clock, from the parlors
of the Henry J. Gallagher Undertaking Cem-
par.y. 20 Fifth street. Interment private.
O'HALLORAN — In Oakland. November Sfi, 130O,
Maurice O'Halloran, beloved son of the late
Michael O'Halloran and Mr*. Ellftn IVxJden.
and brothtr of William J.. Frank. Minnie and
John O'Halloran, a native of Oakland, Cal.,
aged 21 years 10 months and 16 days.
(T7Fr1en<]s and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
ICyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 8:20 o'clock, from the residence
of his aunt. Mr*. John O'Neil, 8462 Seven-
teenth street, thence to Mission Dolores
Church, where a. solemn requiem majs will
be celebrated for the repose of his poul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery, by electric funeral car from Eight-
eenth and Guerrero streets.
MfKPHY— In thle city. November 25. 1900.
Matthew B., beloved husband of Mary Mur-
phy, and father of James E. and Ramund
Murphy, a native of Ireland, ascd 60 years.
£7"Friend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited tc attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at SMS o'clock, frcm his late resi-
dence, 255 Notoma etreet, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where a requiem- high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
MY1J3S— In this City. November 26. U00, Wil-
lie m J. Myles. dearly beloved eon of Sarah
My]**, and brother of Mrs. P. Doyle and
George Myles, a native of San Francisco,
aged 34 years and C months.
O'CONNOR— In Stockton, Cal., No%*ember 25.
1500. Elizabeth (Ltllie), beloved daughter of
the late Moses and Eliza O'Connor, a native
of San Francisco.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to ottend the funeral this dar
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, frcm his late re«i-
dence, 429S Mission etreet (Five-mile House).
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
MURPHY— In this city. November 25. 1900, Jo-
seph J., beloved eon of Daniel and the late
Mariraret Murphy, a native of County Cork,
Ireland. as»d 27 years.
tETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 249 Rlchland avenue, off Mission road,
thence to St. John's Church, formerly Old St.
Mary'a Collere, Mission road, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MAXWELL— In Eonoma, November 24, 1900,
Mrs. tt L. Maxwell, wife of the late J. M.
Maxwell, and mother of George H.. Hugh G.
and Amy J. Maxwell, a native of Knoxville,
111., osed 67 years.
C^Funeral services took place at Sonoma
Monday, at 2 o'clock. Interment Mountain
View Cemetery, Oakland, this day (Tuesday),
at 10:30 o'clocJc.
MEINCKE— In this city. November 25, l?00,
Frederick, beloved husband of Mary Ann
Melncke. and father of Fred J.. Katie A.,
Gertie E.. Hattle A.. Albert P., Eva, Ralph.
Charlie and Grace Meincke. a native of
Bremervoerde. Germany, aged S2 years 3
months and • days. A member of Confldence
Lodre No. 2282. K. of H.
ICyFrlendu and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from the residence
of his rarents. 343 Grove street, thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul
at 8:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
LE COUNT— In New York, November 19. 1900.
Joseph P. Le Count, a native of New York,
aged 19 years and 10 days.
JCTTuneral services will be held In Christ
Church, Alameda, this day (Tuesday), at 2
o'clock. Interment private. Please omit
flowers. Take 1 o'clock broadgauge boat to
Grand-street station.
LOFTUS— In this city. November 25. 1900. Ann.
beloved wife of the late John Loftus. and
mother of Tessle and John Loftus. Mrs. M.
Gilmore and Mrs. N. Phillips, a native of
County Roscommon. Ireland.
CT'The funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from the parents'
residence. 1155 Harrison etreet. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
EBERHART— In this city, November 26. 1900.
Maria Eberhart (nee Nllle). dearly beloved
wife of Joseph Eberhart, beloved mother of
Mrs. Fred Gamma and Annie Ebvrhart,
grandmother of Arthur Gamma, and cousin
of Andrew Schneider, a native of Wurtem-
bergr, Germany, aged 33 years S months and
26 dajs.
HURD— In .San Jose, November 25, 1W)O, Charles
E-, beloved son of Charles and Jane Hurd.
and brother of Mrs. William Lyon and Nellie
Hurd. a native of San Francisco, aged 28
yeare 6 months and 25 days.
E7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 3 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, thence to Sacred Heart Church, where
a solemn high requiem mat's will be cele-
brated for the repose of her scul, commenc-
ing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment private. Holy
Cross Cemetery-
DEIvEHANTY— In this city. November 25, 1900,
Marguerite, beloved daughter of John and
Ellen Deiehanty, end sister of Mamie, John
and Jamee Deiehanty, a native cf San Fran-
cisco, aged 1 year 8 months and 1 day.
COLEMAN— In this city. November 25, 1900, at
her residence. €36 Oak street, Mrs. Catherine
Coleman, a native of County Louth, Ireland.
C7"Notiee of funeral hereafter. Remains at
the parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mle-
C3"The funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), at 8:W o'clock, from the residence.
7€1 Chestnut street, thence to St. Francis
Church, where a requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repoee of her soul, commenc-
ng at 10 o'clock. Interment private.
CLANCY— In Redding, November 23, 1900.
James T.. beloved son of Peter and the late
Cath«-rine Clancy, and brother of Minnie,
William, Georee and Emmett Clancy, a na-
tive of i?an Francisco, aged SO yeare 4 montns
and \'j days.
BAIRD— In Lodi, November 25. 1909, Benjamin
Patterson, beloved husband of Julia H. Baird.
and father of Edward K.. Frederick G.. Ben-
jamin A.. Herbert H., Clara E.. Edith C.
and Joeephine Balrd, Mrs. J. E, Ward and
Mrs. G. Hinadell. a native of Cuba, N. Y.,
asred 74 years.
BEARD— In this city, November 26. 1900. Anfta.
beloved Infant daughter of John and Ellen
Beard, a native of San Francisco, aged 9
months and 17 days.
BORMAN— In this city, November 25. 1900,
Edith Virginia, beloved wife of K. M. Bor-
man, daughter of Mrs. M. Bower and the late
R. Q. Bower, and elster of Mrs. W. R. Car-
penter and George A. Bower, a native of
Illinois, aged 22 years 6 months and 9 days.
tnyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(VX ednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the family
residence. 517 Stevenson street, above Sixth.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
BRAUNBECK— In this city. November 26. 1900,
Joseph C, Infant son of Peter and Jacobin*
Braunbeck. a native of San Francisco, aged
1 month and 14 days.
BRODERICK— In Fruitvale, Mrs. Charlotte
Broderick, mother of Anna, Charles and Wil-
liam Broderick end Mrs. Holte. a native of
Germany, agred 58 years 2 months and 7 days.
BROGI/T— In this city, November 24, 1900, Jr>-
eeph F. Brogly, a native of France, aged 39
years.
CANNING— In this city. November 24. 1900. at
the residence of her daughter, Margaret Can-
ning, beloved mother of Mrs. Elizabeth Lacy
and Joseph Canning, a native of Londonderry,
Ireland, ased 90 years.
DIED.
Balrd. Benjamin Loftus. Ann
B*ard. Anita Maxwell. Mrs. C. L.
Borman. Edith V. Meincke. Frederick
Braunbeck. Josppn O. Murphy, Joseph J.
Broceriek, Mrs. C. Murphy, Matthew B.
Brogly. Joseph F.« Myles. William J.
Canning, Margaret O'Connor, Elizabeth
Clancy. James T. O'Halloran. Maurice
Coleman. Mrs. C. Piper. Louise \V.
Deiehanty Ma-nruerlte Schliemann. John II.
Eberhart. Maria ¦ Staples, Mary A.
Hurd, Charles E. Sullivan, Eugene
Le Court. Joseph P. Tomaszewski. Maria
MAREIED.
DOHRMANX-PPIETH-In Oakland, Novem-
ber 25, 1900, by the Rev. J. H. Theiss. Max
Fried. Dohrmann and Loui«e Spieth.
FISHER— SILVER— In this city. November 24.
1*00. by the Rev. S. D. Hutsinplller. Edward
Ftyh^r and Emma. Silver, both of San Fran-
cieco.
LARSEN-GEJIHOW— In this city. November
2J, i:iC0. by the Rev. J. M. Buehler. Peder
Laretn and Emma Gerhow. •>
MEYER— HAGEMANN— In this city. Novem-
ber 22. 1300. by the Rev. J. M. Buehler,
Charles F. Meyer and Bertha C. Hagemann.
RANKIN— HARDING— In Oakland, November
24. 1900. by the Rev. J. H. Theiss. William
Henry Rankln and Augr. Susanna Harding.
YOUNG MEN'S CATHOLIC UNION— A re-
quiem high mass for the repos» of the eouls
of deceased members of the Younc Men" 3
Catholic Union will be celebrated In St.
Mary's Cathedral at 10 o'clock, on November
29. The relatives and frl-nds of deceased
members are respectfully Invited to attend.
CTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited .to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Charles J. B. Metzler, 630 Washington street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
STAPLES— In this city, November 25, 1900.
at her residence. 10S Clara avenue. Mary A.,
beloved wife of the late Gooree IP, staples,
mother of Lyman D. Staples, Mrs. J. M.
Frederick and Mrs. George T. Austin, and
grandmother of Georse A. Hunter, a natlv
of Vermont, aged 57 years 1 month and 29
days. <Batavla and Elva, X. T., papers
please copy.)
EX 1 Fr lands and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
A. W. Martin & Co., 118 G*ary street. Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
SUIJL.IVAX— In the City and County Hospital,
November 26, 19C0. Eugene Sullivan, a native
of Massachusetts, aged 44 years.
TOMASZEWSKI— In this city, November 2C,
1900, at the residence of her parents, 351 Fifth
street, of scarlet . fever, Maria TomaszewBki,
dearly beloved daughter of Ludwlg and Wal-
entina TomaszewRki, beloved sister of Clem-
entina Tomaczewskl. end niece of Constancia
Peotrowski and Ludwlga Keloytys. a native
of San Francisco, aced 1 year and 9 days.
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. 16S7 Eighth street. thence to Bt.
Patrick's Church, where a requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repoee of his soul, com-
mencing- at 9 o'clock. Interment St. Mary's
Cemetery. Oakland.
PIPER— In Reno, Nev., November 24, 1900.
Louise W., beloved wife of the late John
Piper, and beloved mother of George, Edward.
Claude, Louise and Hazel Piper, a native of
PittBburg, Pa,, aged 67 years S months ana
2S days.
SCHLIEMANN— In this city. November 25, 1900,
John H. Schllemann. a native of Hanover,
Germany, aged 73 years.
Frank Hyman, U. «S7 Guerrero street, and
Emma LJttlefleld. SI. 637 Guerrero street.
Clarence Truhlotz, 23, Oakland, and Eliza-
beth Bea.uch8.mp, 22, 3H Larkln street,
Frank B. Ladd, 21, city, and Minnie Jelllnek,
18. city.
Roderick K. Mackenzie. 22. Wrights, and
Carrie A. Beebe. 27. Wrights.
BORN.
GEIRRIXE-. In Bc-rkeley, November 24, 1000, to
th<.- wife c-t Mark P. Gerrine. a daughter.
HENKEL-In this city, November 24, 1900, to
the wife of Alfred Frank Henkel, a son.
HERFORTH— In this city. November 26. 1M0.
to the wife of Hermann Herforth. a son.
PAULSEN— In this city, November 25. 1'jOO, to
the wife of Henry Pauleen, a son.
RENK— In this city, November 12, 1900, to the
v.ife of August Renk. a daughter.
Birth, marriage and death notlcee sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.WINTER HONEYMOON
IN FROZEN ALASKA
One of the Largest Audiences of Season Greets Its First
Performance Here and Listens to Excellent Sing
ing of Van Dyck and Bispham.
DAS RHEINGOLJV opening num
ber of the "Ring," given last
night at the Grand Opera house
for the first time In Ban Fran
cisco, hardly invite? to cr.ticism.
or other appreciation, save of the silent
port. It has a "dumfoundering" effect,
as if one had been guest of the «?ods of
high Olympus, and should attempt the
details of the feast in everyday speech.
Rightly to criticise the "Rhelngold!.* one
should have, the art of Shakespeare, ?et
to music by Beethoven and sung by—
who is the day's Israfel? But wiiii only
a reverent appreciation as capital and a
few feverish moments to record an im
pression, one must be content with the
simple statement tfcat the cycle, as heard
in its prologue last evening, is. the opoiho
osls of the art of Wagner, and trie last
height and depth and fullness of whit
may be done in the combination of music
with drama.
It would seem indeed that, like poetry
with Shakespeare, sculpture with the
Oreeks. the art of opera had found its
last word and highest expression at Wag
ner"? hands and that nothing more re-
ALICE NIELSEN IN
THE SINGING GIRL
Alcazar.
Augustln Daly's comedy, "Seven-Twen
ty-Eight." was revived at the Alcaaar
Theater last night, and its clever and
Tlvoli.
The second we?k of "The Jolly Mueike
.teer'- 1 at the Tivoll commenced last even
ing before a crowded house, whloh keenly
enjoyed the melody and mirth of the
amusing production. Tom Greene made
his first appearance a? the Marquis de
Chantilly and received a rousing wel
come. Ferris Hartman and Edward Webb
have a new budget of topical veries, and
Annie Meyers and Maud Williams were
the recipients of considerable applause.
Julio Cotte, Grace Orr, Tom Guise, Ar
thur Boyce, J. Fogarty nnd the balance of
the- cast give a most spirited performance,
while the work of tho chorus is -beyond
reproach. All in all. "The Jolly Muske
teer" Is one of the beat presentations
ever given at the Tlvoli and is meeting
its due reward in crowded houses. A -spe
cial matinee will be given on Thanksgiv
ing day, and on the evening of the holi
day tho students of the University of
California will attend the theater and will
present a special programme in addition to
an act of "The Jolly Musketeer."
Orpheum.
Among the new stars this week at the
Orpheum is Anne Kenwick, who while not
at all obtrusive is an original geniug in her
way. Her coon dancing is Inimitable be
cause it is original, and was correspond
ingly appreciated by the house. Julius P.
Wltmark comes with the label "America's
favorite barytone." There must be some
thing wrong with the label, for while he
has a pleasing voice It la not at all strong 1
or rotund, and dozens of barytones ns
good can be scraped up in San Francisco
any day. A clever and coherent sketch
is that In which Marie Dupont and Charles
Lothian take part. There'8 good acting in
it Mallory Brothers and Miss Brooks,
three more or less colored persons, are
clever. The holdovers, Condltt and Morey,
Stelllnsr and Revelle. the great Walden,
lone MacLouth and the Brothers Martine,
are well received. The week's bill is a
very enjoyable one.
A large and enthusiastic house greeted
Miss Nielsen when she appeared at the
Columbia Theater lust night. Her record
at the Tivoll has not been forgotten and
her many friends were strongly In evi
dence. Her firpt entrance called forth a
burst of friendly applause and her first
pong received a triple encore. '
Floral ofTerlnss wore so numerous that
it was impossible io present more than
one or two ficrops tho footlights; they
were therefore packed into the foyer,
.where they lined the entire east wall.
They were subsequently pent to the Chil
dren's Hospital.
Mr. Cowles was alpo warmly greeted at
his' first entrance.
enthusiastic Audience. at. the Columbia
Gives Her a Warm Wei
•¦.";'¦¦ ry.l : ¦ '- ' '' •'¦¦ ' r ':.'S;- ¦¦*>?". .-;•:-¦ )¦:¦¦:. •-
come Home.
IT IS now nearly three years since
Miss Alice Nielsen sang in San Fran
cisco, and during that time, judging
by her performance last night in
"The Singing Girl;" she has improved
much. Her voice Is truer, though hardly
stronger than before, and her acting
shows an intelligent appreciation of char
acter and situation not common in either
comic or grand opera prima donnas. Mr.
Ling, the tenor of Miss Nielsen's com
pany, has a far-away, die-away little
voice that reminds you of the windings of
an Alpine horn heard at a distance. He Is
a better actor than singer. Mr. Cowles,
he that was famed for "The Armorer s
Song," sings as well as ever! not even
De Reszke's .voice, though far better cul
tivated, has, it seem? to me, a finer nat
ural quality than that of Mr. Cowles .
None of the three comedians Mr. Her
bert, Mr. Cawthom and Mr. Slavin. can
sin* at all, but each is really funny in
his own peculiar way, and when they are
combined in pm-h numbers as the Bolero
dance of act II and the Chair, dance of act
111 the trio is irresistibly- funny.
"The Singing Oirl" is staged and cos
tumed with lavlshness, yet with good
taste. Mr. Percy's experienced hand
Fhows In this, and the director of the
Opera Comique in Paris could not nave
done better. Especially noteworthy are
the color scheme (plnkp and gre enS ) ° f tne
second act and the Schloss and convent
eqone of the third act.
Mr. Herbert has furnished several fur
longs of that pleasant music which he
writes so easily by the mile; this, com
bined with the other excellencies above
described, in pome degree atoned for a
dull HbreUe nnd duller lyrics.
la, DU PONT SYLE.
WAGNER'S "DAS RHEINJGOLD"
A GLORIOUS MUSICAL FEAST
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 27, 1900.
With the first measures, before the cur
tain rose, the theater was filled with the
"feeling" of water, with the steady shim
mer and Cow of the violins and grave rise
and fall of the other instruments. The
depths of the Rhine, dimly luminous, are
disclosed, with the Rhine-maidens disport
ing themselves therein — a truly, marvelous
illusion and happy trick of stage machin
ery. To the maidens comes Alberich, the
dwarf, wooing, and then as thief of their
plaything, the Rhelngold. The Rhine
maidens' song, la^t night Fung by Mme.
Schumann-Heink. Frttzi Scheff and Rose
From the wonderful opening, where
Wagner has woven a water melody of 136
measures upon one chord, to the last note,
without Intermission, two hours and a
quarter later, tho "Rhelngold" was heard
in absolute silence and darkness by an
audience keyed to highest attention from
start to finish. With the subtlest sense
of the "suitable surroundings." Wagner
well knew what he was a.bout in order
ing that his operas be heard in the dark.
Even in spite of one's self one Is drawn
into the pictures. There is no cool regard
of the seen'" from a distance; one is part
of it, one with the players, suffering and
pleasuring with them.
mains to be said— that the form has
reached Its ultimate. So saying, one may
venture into more definite and reluctant
criticism of th*> first taste of Wagner at
his most that has been accorded to San
Francisco.
To-night we shall follow further the ad
ventures of the gods In "Die Walkeure,"
and we shall also comp down to earth to
meet Slgmund and Slegllnde, done by Mr.
Van Dyck andMme. Gadski. Nordlca also
appears as Brunnhllde, and Mr. Blspham
will be heard in the Wotan role.
BLANCHE PAJtTINGTON.
There was not, In spite of the countless
opportnnltles and the high pitch of things
generally, even a suggestion of absurdity
about the performance. The sublime nev
er toppled into the ridiculous; but, oh!
what a mere thread lay between some
times! The stage management was per
fect, the orchestra played as one man and
the chorus and ballet, "they never could
be missed."
The third scene, the caves of the Nibel
unpen. I3 another marvel of scenic art,
with its disappearing dwarf, the dragon
and the tiny earthchlldren. In this scene
comes Mr. Bispham's big turn. The
fourth change shows again Walhalla, and
the rainbow bridge of the gods, accom
panied by the never-to-be-forgotten rain
bow music. Here also occurs the thunder
storm music, unequaled in the annals of
storm themes, except perhaps by "Wagner
himself In the "Dutchman," and here, on
their way to Walhalla, we leave tho gods
till this evening.
might be a little weightier In the part
with advantage, and Blass and Journet
wero the giants Tafner and Tasolt.
j Olitza. is among the most beautiful and
! graceful in the opera. Alberich (Mr. Bis
j jiham) has his characteristic grotesque.
I uncouth motive, and the combined themes
J give a stunning effect of musical light
; and shade.
Mr. Bispham's Alborich Is a splendid ef
j fort. His voice quality suits admirably
! the role, and he Is a dwarf, of the earth
¦ earthy, to the life.
The second scene in Walhalla Introduces
j the rest of the singers, gods, goddesses
j and giants for the time being, and among
! them Mr. Van Dyck, who sings the Lokl
j role. Van Dyck has the one "playing
part" in the opera, and a gorgeous thing
he makes of It. Ever Introduced by the
I shifting. flickering. uncertain theme
1 which characterizes the role .of the nre
! god, the artist Is the very incarnation of
j the plausible, deceitful, insincere element.
¦ He was a welcome relief from the sub
! limitless which, too long continued, are
apt to give a crick In the neck from un
| usual direction of one's observation! His
j narrative was a small masterpiece,
i Susan Strong sings a fine Frlcka and
I Miss Marylll was a sweet Goddess Freia,
j whoee beautiful characteristic theme
I clings closer than a brother. It Is within
i the possibilities, by the v.-ay, that the
j "WaJhalla" theme may succeed tha ''Blue
j and Gray" In popular favor as whistling
goods. I heard the promise and the por
tent of it on the 6treet last evening.
W'otan was sung by Mr. Muhlmann, who
John J A^ McCabe, special Internal' reve
nue agent, arrived from Omaha yesterday
Rnd took charge of the department In this
ciiy. to fill the vacancy caused by the of
ficial-visit of Special 'Agent : Burt ¦ M.
Thomas to Honolulu..
Sevenue Agent McCa be Sere.
made by dog-sled. The Journey is severe
one which few women would undertake
but Miss Beauchamp is a brave and ro
bust young person, and she contemplates
the trip with ' expectant ' pleasure. ~
Something of ' a romance surrounds the
courtship of this young couple.
Both are .residents . of, San Francisco
They have been thrown more or less to
gether, through following professional du
ties similar in character. Miss Beauchamr
an a trained nurse and Dr. Treuholtz as a
physician. The acquaintance began at the
City and County. Hospital; where she was
a pupil nurse and he an interne. Aftei
leaving the hospital 4 they again met as
employes of the Board of Health, she as
matron at the Harbor Hospital and he ac
a sanitary Inspector. Friendship thus cre
ated resulted in love, and Dr. Treuholtz
upon entering, the army had the promls«
of ¦ Miss, Beauchamp's . hand. \ ;.
A HONEYMOON In the silent fast- !
nesses of Ala6ka during the sea
son when that far northern land
Is clothed In the solemn white
robes of winter will be the novel
experience of a young couple to be united
in matrimony this morning. Miss Eliza
beth Beauchamp and Dr. C. A. Treuholtz,
U. 8. A., are the two who are to make
a Journey over th« Ice field as their!wed
ding- trip. •. /
The wedding will take place at St
John's Episcopal Church, Fifteenth - and
Valencia Etreets, at 9:30 o'clock. The Rev.
L. C. San ford will officiate. At 11 a. m.
the couple will take passage I on the • City
of Puebla for Seattle. After , spending a
few days in that place they will proceed
to Fort Egbert, to which place the doctor.
has' been ordered." The •' journey - will ~ bs
MIBS ELIZABETH BEAUCHAMP, WHO "WILL BECOME THE WIFE OP
ACTING ASSISTANT 3UEGEON CLARENCE A. TREUHOLTZ THIS
MORNING AT ST. JOHN'S EPISCOPAL CHURCH. ; ~
George "W. Atkinson, an electrician In
Oakland, appeared In Judge Cabaniss'
court yesterday on a charge of disturb
ing the peace. He and his wife, Grade,
who Is in a ladles' tailoring
shop on Post street, have been living
apart, for over a year, and a divorce suit
Is now pending. There has been trouble
as to the division of the community
property, valued at about $3000.
Mrs. Atkinson has been living with her
sister, • Mrsw Gardiner,- af 702 Post street,
end Saturday night when she and her
sister and brother-in-law left the house
to tro to the. Orpheum, Atkinson con
fronted them and called his wife vile
names. He told her she. could not go
out with other men without his consent.
Ho raised such a disturbance that Police
man Prowse bad to be summoned and
he placed Atkinson under arrest for dis
turbing the peace. \
When the. case was called yesterday
morning " Mrs. Atkinson swore that her
tiusband had not. only called her vile
names, but had threatened to "do her
up " The Judge convicted him on the
charge of disturbing the peace and ad
vised Mrs. Atkinson to swear to a com
plaint charging him with threats acralnst
life, which she did, and he was booked at
the City Prison on, the charge.
Though. Divorce Suit Is Pending, He
Objects to Her Going With
' Other Men.
ATKINSON THREATENS
; ; : ; .. TO KILL HIS WIFE
A case in which It Is alleged th« char*
tvr provisions have been violated wa$
brought before Judge Fritz yesterday,
when H. and C. Bush were charged wttb
permitting a public nuisance. The coca-r
plaining witness Is A. Petzold# owner of.
property adjoining a building which la
being erected at Franklin and Eddy
streets by the Bush brothers. It ia al
leged that they have built the steps elyh«
teen Inches beyond the line of the slde»
walk and have built a brick wall sup
porting' the steps which extend* about
two feet beyond them, thereby violating
the charter, which provides that en*
croachments on streets or sidewalks must
only be of a temporary character. At«
torney Coffey 13 specially prosecuting th«
case, in which the right of the Board of
Public Works to grant permits is also ia*
volved.
Charter Is Violated.
, "We were out a few hundred yards when
I signaled the engine-room -] to stop, not
thinking the. tide would carry. ns down so
rapidly as It did. "We seemed to lie still
wrapped around in that blanket of fog
for fifteen, minutes or so. Then I heard
the Bay City's whistle and knew she was
coming out of her slip. Not exactly
knowing; where we were, I headed th«
ferry-boat's passengers. To add to the
other alarming features, the giant bow
of the transport Slam lying a little way
east of the Morse, now poked into view
when the fog for a moment lifted, and
seemed about to cut the ferry-boat In
halves.
Finally, after about twenty minutes'
hard work, the Piedmont was- got clear
and steamed into her slip, with much of
her gilt and gingerbread smashed but the
hull practically uninjured- Captain and
passengers both attribute their safety to
the fact that the Piedmont only drifted
Into the Morse. Had the ferry-boat been
under steam when she struck the ship a
terrible bay disaster might have been re
corded.
Captain "Walter Clalrville Elves the fol
lowing account of the disaster:
"lj was at the wheel with Chief Mate
James H. Douglass. "We were on the 11
o'clock trip from Oakland. Just as we
were entering slip 5 a voica from some
where, I suppose- one of the lookouts,
hailed us, saying there was a boat In the
slip. The fog was heavy as a blanket and
we couldn't seo a stone's throw In front
of us, bo we backed out into the stream.
Immediately -the Piedmont started to
grind and bump against the side of the
Morse with great violence. The passen
gers, terrified, rushed to and fro, not ex
actly knowing what had happened. Men
shouted for life preservers and the boats,
women screamed, and the deck hands and
officers of the boat passed through the
cabins full of frightened people, endeavor
ing to calm their fears. They succeeded
to some extent, but the worst, from the
passengers', point of view, was yet to
come. Captain Clalrville saw that It
would be necessary to get the Piedmont
clear of the Morse's forward works, and in
order to do this he signaled the engineer
to go ahead. As the big ferryboat moved
slowly along the side of the Morse, the
ship's cathead, which remained entangled
in the Piedmont, cut the entire side of the
upper cabin out as neatly as if it were
a paper knife.
The crash of rending woodwork, the
noise of breaking glass, the din of the fog
bells and whistles, the loud commands
hurriedly given on both the Piedmont and
the Morse revived the panic among the
So dense was the fog that the flr*t In
timation of danger officers or passengers
had was whem the crash came.
Captain Clairvillei was bringing bis ship
Into slip No. B, her accustomed berth,
when a warning voice cried that the slip
was already occupied. The Piedmont waa
backed out ard when a ferw hundred
yards from the ferries her engines were
btopped. The strorp tide running carried
her up the bay until almost opposite Fol
som-street wharf when, without the
slightest warning, the cathead of the
Morse poked into the superstructure be
tween the hurricane and the upper decks
Just forward of the low wall of the upper
cabin.
"While a dense fog enwrapped the city
and bay last night the big ferry steamer
Piedmont. crowded with passengers,
crashed Into tna ship Llewellyn J. Morse
and before she got clear again had pared
the entire starboard side of her upper
deck away, smashing the fretwork and
glass of that portion of the cabin Into
eplintem. Had the crajfh been a little
harder or a little further forward the loso
of life might have be*n appalling. As it
was the passengers escaped with a bad
scare and the ship suffered no injuries be
yond those sustained to ner superstruc
ture.'
The Morse was probably tot damaged
except about her bowsprit br the coU
listen.
"Th« Morsa towered right above us on,
th» starboard side. TVe had struck her di
agonally In the bow and her cathead had
gone through our upper I saw
the only way to extricate the Ple<Tmor.t
waa to go aliead and I did so, sacrificing;
our starboard upper Wj&rks. I had soma
difficulty In avoiding the Slam, but maa
a&ed to get the Piedmont to her wharf
without any further damage."
Piedmont for Goat Island so as to icvofa
the Bay City. We had steamed ahead a
little way when I heard a fog bell ringing
right on our starboard. I stopped the en
gines, but heard .nothing more. Then
there came a crash, and I knew we'd
struck it, I sent Mate Douglasa below to
see to the passengers, wbil* I stayed ia
the pilot-bouse.
CROWDED FERRY STEAMER
CRASHES INTO SHIP'S B0W
In the Dense Fog the Piedmont Narrowly
Escapes Serious Disaster.
The San. Francisco Fruit and Flower
Mission is making great preparations for
the annual Thanksgiving dinner for the
deserving . poor. The mission expects to
provide dinners for 200 families on this
occasion, which means the feeding of S00
persons. This presents an opportunity
for the charitably inclined who wish to
aid' a good cause.
Thanksgiving donations will > be thank
fully received and -the donors can feel
that they are assisting a worthy charity.
The mission is at 631 Sutter street and
will be open to-day and to-morrow to re
ceive contributions.
Worthy Charity Seeks Aid.
The Leondro Brothers and Mabel Hud
son" are the hits of the Olympia's new
bill. The whole programme is good and
was well received last night.
Olyrnpia,
Del Adelphia, the magician, introduced
several tricks last nijght. He does some
clever palming, and his egg trick has
rarely been better done here. Martine
Brothers are clever acrobats. Nora Bayea,
the phenomenal contralto, sang several
new songs. The balance of the bill in
cludes Gus Leonard, musical comedian;
Little Alma. Shields Brothers, Hunt's Dog
Circus and the new moving pictures.
Chutes.
At Fischer's Concert House Cortnne
staged for the first time "Historical An
tique," a unique act, last night. It Is a
pretty conception. Mm«. Gabriel Stlrval
displayed a good mezzo soprano and Mae
Edgerton gave a graceful and daring aer
ial exhibition. Irene Franklin, cornet
soloist, was well received, and Olive Vail
and Argyle Tully rendered new songs.
Adelbert and Adelaide Frank presented an
amusing skit, "Her Bashful Lover." and
Ouhama, the Japanese equilibrist exe
cuted a startling turn.
Fischer's Concert Souse.
Herrmann the Great has been dead mv
eral years, but in his place in life there
lives another great Herrman. Louis, of
this famous family of prestidigitators, ac
companied by "the five Noases," accom
plished musicians, Is on this week at the
Alhambra. The bill opens with "Thirty
with Herrmann," and during that interval
the master sives a series of experiments
in legerdemain, many heretofore unat
tempted. The cannon ball and rabbit
trick, tho orange," lemon, nut and glove
trick, the appearing ducks and the gold
fish presentation are the most inteTMtins
of these acts of magic. All are entertain
ing, and as Herrmann announced, "The
closer you look the less you see." A sax
ophone selection by the Noss«» was the
most pleasing number on their bill,
though all were well received. The house
was well filled last evening: and large
houses are expected all week.
Alhambra.
Haverly's Mastodon Minstrels packed
the California Theater to Its capacity
again last night, and every song and joke
In the first part and every act In the
olio was applauded to the echo. There
1b nothing but fun in this minstrel show
in fact it Is the old-fashioned minstrelsy
of twenty years ago when Charley Reed
and Billy Emerson were leading minds at
tho old Standard Theater. George Wil
son is genteelly and satisfactorily enter
taining, and In his monologue he held his
audience in a roar of laughter. A spe
cial matinee will be given on Thanksgiv
ing day.
MISS ALICE NIELSEN, WHO
RECEIVED A SPLENDID RE
- CEPTION LAST NIGHT.
+; 4.
amuslns situations were thoroughly en
joyed by the large audience. There was
a lack of snap In the first two acts, ap
parently caused by unfamlllarity with the
lines, but full amend was made in thp
other two act. Howard Hall as Court
ney Corlls, the young gentleman of leis
ure vlth theories, was entirely successful
and was capitally supported by Miss Lila
Cor.vcro as Flo?, the much-sought original
of the painting, who gave an excellent
rendition of the« part of an Ingenue. How
ard Boott 88 Launcelot Bargiss, the.in
ppired poet Rnd Edwin T, Emery as Paul
Hollyhock, hl3 - son-in-law, were good,
while Clarence Alontalne as Signo? Pal
mira Tnmborini was in his element. Miss
Ada Lewis as Jessie, the servant with
aspirations, added greatly to the success
of the play, Marie Howe, Miss Polly
Stockwell and the others in the cast had
congenial parts. The principals received
an enthusiastic recall at the close of the
third act which was well deserved.
' California.
IjEEPAIRINO RHINE DAUGH
TERS AND THE GNOME AIv-
BERICH.
12
Hale'a.
ADVERTISESCENTS.
Private 'Phone, Howard 102L
119 TAXLOR STREET.
WHY PAY MORE FOB GROCERIES ?
TO-DAY ON SALE
WALIIUT$^s^=l2io
hUh as 20c.
OPEN* EVENINGS.
PITDnU Be3t crytailized. poemd. fO ft V
U I I nUn Why^ pay 50 per cent |/Q
FOUR^ELIVERIES DAILY.
PLUM PUDDING «4* Wo
We se\\ only the best. Re-guiar J3c siz<\
20 SPECIALS \TEEKLY.
DDiftinV J>ure u* uor - bottle.... gr ft
IF" FROM FABERS IT'S GOOD.
MINCEMEAT »ib ..^ I2*C
See made in our preserving kitchen.
FULL WEIGHTS AND JIEASURE&
SAUTERNE|;:^L H^3OC
Cot In Half vre? Its our treat.
WATCH OUR SPECLXLS.
D1I01&10 Or Currants, package.. Irt**
nAluillO This season's, of course |yQ
NO IMITATION GOODS.
COME, SEND. WRITE OR 'PHONE,
One block from Market.
DR.MCNULTY,
T'HIS VVELL-KXOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
Sp^rfallsteumBlooil Poison, Uoaorrhcea,nie*c,
sitrlctnre. S*»i»liml Weakness, loipotrncw and the!*
allied Disorders. Book on Disraan of Men. tr**L ¦
OvprC0y«arVexjwr«enc<». Terms reasonable. TTour<i.
9to3datlr;8:30toS.S0eT'm. .Sand»rs,10to 12. CbitsuU
tationtreeand sacredly confidential. Call or address
P. ROSCOE MeXCLTY, 31. D.
2« H Keuny *it- Mta Fraue.laco. Cal,
Price a^centa. Ali druggists, or mt polt "
paid on recetPt of price. DR. PAUL^Sa
FORD, US N. SpriQK at., Ix»3 Angelea, r-^>*
Jew* Moore "AA" whiskey Is used at all th«
principal hospitals la th« United SUUs. Wh*
!• Jtt *
mother MJ^toBB-GoZSSZ^^ confectioner,
tikes. -"^ 35c Ib.
Market street, near Sixth, opposite
Golden Gate avenue.
up the chimney Je^Zt.
satin and gros-grain ribbon % r e football game.
Stanford crimson — Berkeley blue and Berkeley gold,
first qnality riblSon.
noB ...3 2. * £« I 2 I<5 22 4O
price :;;-iSe Ve 9e 12c IKe lJ)e 22e 27e 35e
i' ,; second quality ribbon.
no* .i.^— ;i..»w.f 7 9 W 16 22 40
fmce ;i^::;iii:.:;;;..i>e 7e J>C 12c 14c 17c 20C
crepe paper.
Dennnlson crepe paper, in the national colors— per roll of io ft.lOe
two" new and very attractive offerings in black
and fancy silks.
pdlka dot taffeta silks in fine black S-wlss surah silica—
white and the newest shades of a splendid fabric for waists,
beige, castor, turquoise, gray, mufflers, linings and a score of
rose and blue— last the Sijk for other purposes— fall 22 inches,
firetty fancy waists. 21 inch.es worth 85c a yard^ — otir pricS
wide, per yard. i . ii ,. i .^i«5l>
the great sale of 70o colored taffetas at 49c and $1.50
black satin duchesse at $1.19 continues.
a good luck story for men with winter under*
wear to buy.
first flooT— fourth afeTe.
Jot I consists of 25 dozen man's natural sray Troot-TB&ei! sftfcrta
and drawers that af e well worth 75c each, jfl the lot are all sire3
in shirts (except ?8) from M to 48. and all sizes in drawers _,
(except 36), from 30 to 40. sale price, pe/ ; garment. ***„**., 55/^
lot 2 consists at 10 dozen merfs vicuna undershirts (no drawers)
in all sizes frotn M to 40— also 20 dozen men's natural jrrav. wool
mixed shirts and drawers in the following sizes — shirts: XU x6, 42,
46. 48 and s>o— drawers: 40. 42, 44 and 46. all j?oo4 dollar AQ r
values, safe price, per garment *«««*..^***..*..** <1 ,....« « uyu
\oi n consists of 20 dozen men's fine cashmere undershirts in stzeg
34, 36, 42, 44, 48 and 50. and drawers jn all sizes from 30 to 50 —
also 10 dozen men's camel hair shhts in size 42 only, every <rar^
ment in the lot a legitimate $1.50 value, sale price, per CQ-
Santa Claus in his ice palace "*%%%?:"
8 BIG SPECIALS
FOR TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW
Silk Waists. mao> of best quality
taffeta, tucked and corded front and
tack, Vandyke effect, waist and
sleeves lined, come In AA «* ¦>
all the fashionable O" TJ niL
shades; sold all over at .ft.I ./il
J^-Sale Price WWItiU
WOMEN'S CROCHETED SHAWLS.
Made of best quality all-wool Ger-
man yarn — Sale Prices:
«5c. «8c, fl.48.
CHILDREN'S AUTOMOBILE JACKETS.
Had these on sale last week, de-
mand was so great that we eold
out of sizes. \W just AA 0± _ •
received a new lot, all %T T "I fL
Blzes— Again on sale ijjJiAal.
WOMEN'S FLANNEL: NIGHT O0V7K3. .
Made of beet quality flannelette, '
com* In pink end blue stripes and
checks, also solid colors of cream,
pink and blue; on sal* at ¦:¦'-. .i •¦'.'¦.¦¦:¦
45c. 73c, OSc.
The 73c and 9Sc ones are trimmed
with linen lace.'
WOMEN'S FLANNEL WAISTS.
Uade of all-wool French < & . m _,
Bnlshed flannel, walat V I #1 K
and «leeves lined; worth ¦Til ¦•*¦]'
>M5: on sals at......... vllTW
WAISTS, HADE 07. BEST QUALITY
(German Flannelette, newest ._ _
patterns; waist and sleeves / Urt
Jlned; regular . price *1 25; I ZJ I.
.. on sale at..... .........¦.**>»
. Newest Things in Women • Neckwear-
Dainty Jarbols, made of , n _»
.•hlffon, liberty silk, lace and L U ft
Jther neat effects ; all colors; iljl,
worth Jl; on sale at....:... W Y«
UNIVEEBITY COLORS.
To-day and to-morrow we hold a
special sale in these* ribbons; : all '
silk. 5c. 8c, 10c, 12c, '15c and 20c a
SOMETHING NEW IN BELT3.
t Some are made of velvet, trimmed
with gold braid; othera, are . ft
made of - satin, corded ef- A Oft
feet: worth as hieh as Jl 25; &&{£¦•
. on sale at....... '¦ .-•-. -T**w
1212-1214 MARKET ST.
Between .Taylor and Jone»;
the eminent conductor of the
Grau Opera Company, who is
to conduct the performances
of "Der Rinj? Des Nibelun-
gerC at the Grand Opera-
house next week, is a warm
friend of the Steinwav Piano
and uses it at all his piano re-
citals. Not lone airo Mr.
Damrosch wrote to Steinwav
& Sons:
"Messrs Stein way & Sons:
"Gentlemen: It eeems super-
fluous at this late day to testify
to the supreme excellence of the
3te4nway piano, but I am always
glad to swell the chorus of
praise for this wonderful prod-
uct of sreniua.
"WALTER DAMROSCH."
Mr. Damroach will conduct the
performance* of " Die Wal-
koere ft 'o-nffcht,"6Ieftfrfed"on
Wednesday nlfcht and ''Cotter-
daemmerting" on Friday night.
You are cordially invited to
visit the Steinuay salesrooms
of Sherman. Clay & Co.. who
are the Pacific Coast dealers.
Steinways are sold _ on
easy V a y ment s when desired.
Sherman, Clay & Co.
fiteinwa.v Piano Dealers,
Cor. Krtraj and Sutter »t».. : 8. F. .
Cor. • l*th itn« Broadway. Oakland.
Cor. Park * Waehlnrton, Portland.
711 Eeooad avenue. Seattle.
Hale*«.