messes offering prayers to their goddess
and looking for her signal. Deep silence
reigns over them, for they are away from
th* noisy mirth of the village, and save
the deep booming of the distant break
ers dashing oa the reef, naught li heard
but their own weird chant, rung la a low
monotone.
: Taero : and Tupea are eagerly reektn* •: **O ¦'¦. rreat :Qod-wtmsar
among * th* motionless tl plant* for tht lightning in her hands;
sign while singing their prayer, of which **0 great Ood-womar
the following 1st a translation* , fires In th* skyi '
who holds th* nace. In fact, nothing seemed damaged
" * '. but my faca. It smarted from the heat
who light* tht that rose.
. "Every on* of tho natives that walked
A Racehorse That
Trunks Than
the Summer Girl
WHK2V a racehorse CtatteSYSsdMsi
himself by winstnc ¦¦« *¦ tmp***
tant contests, mm •* Ckm Cm
provisions made for hta Uiaia
dividual trunk containing u outfit <**
clothing and toilet appliances of all sorts.
Besides this, special attendants ar* se
lected to look after his comfort and dma
llnecs. says the Horseman. Th* groetatav
of th« horse on any first-claw trmck ta
one- of th* Interesting morning happca
lr.es. and gives on* a clearer Ulea. mt th«
value of thes* animals than tii**r per
formances on the track can present, how
ever brilliant they may be. When on* ob
serves the care they receive and th*
nicety with which they are washed, dried.
brushed and combed *nd the watchful
care that is bestowed upon them as they
feed, one realizes that they represent
thousands of dollars In themselves and la
their possible winnings of the future.
Every great racehorse ha* his trunk.
The trotting horse Star Pointer has al
most as many trunks ai a summer girl,
but the average horse has only on* trunk,
very strongly built, marked with his
name and provided with a special lock.
Each animal has h!s own basins, pans and
pails for the toilet, his feeding utenslla.
brushes and combs. The pans are usually
of agateware, plainly marked with the
horse's name, and are never used for any
other horse. A racehorss has many s«ta
of towel3 of various erases, and hta
blankets of various weights for all weath
ers. These are marked and numbered an<t
are kept beautifully cleaned and aired.
Tfca fcelonslnsrs of a horse are earned
about In his trunk during period* of
travel and while hs Is visiting In a
tt range stable.
Besides all this luxury every preat
horse nowadays must have a Jewel cas»
and with age and success the collection
frequently becomes very valuab!«. la
the casket, which is a coir.partnent-bf th«
trunk, are kept the various trinkets pre
sented by admirers. T'lese consist largely
of articles of wear, such as brUUea tln
lshed in silver and .gold, silver chained
and mounted halters with valuable set
tings and combs and brushes mounted In
handsome style. The3e things. a!tbous!>
rarely used, axd often ot jreat value, ar»
never kept on view al the r.omes cf the
owners >and trainers, but are Invariably
carried about In the horse's trunk, ac
companyinc him on nl3 travels. When
at home, there are ca.cs and special ra
ceptaclea for them in tec stable.
Tbe horses travel In parlor cars special
ly constructed with a view to horse com
fort, are tended as carefully as babies,
and are almost always loved by their
trainer's and stable boys, especially when
their dispositions are good, and ths ugly
tempered racehorse ia tne exception co
the general rule. When they win a great
race they are petted ••'id flattered to such
an extent that were it not for their pro
verbial horsa sens« their heads would
be completely turn«4.
*vTUivo, O.grre us the token.
"The tl that will go with thee and me
©-morrow,
""When in the heat of the oven
"And in the redness of the wen
"Thou wilt hold up the footsteps of thy
servants. **
Thus chanting suddenly they notice on*
"tl" bush in contrast to the surrounding
ones, quivering as though Imbued with
life, shaking the tiny drop* of Awr away
to fall like diamonds on the grass.
Reverently they bow their heads. Their
goddess has heard their supplication.
Carefully the palsied bushes are born*
to tho village, where, all being In readi
ness, the ceremony begins.
Strangers may take part In It. They do
not often desire to, but th» grittiest vis
itors have sometimes passed through
the oven.
Before Joining tho ceremony they are
taugnt three Iron-clad rules. "Tou must
. not look backward," say the priests,
"neither mi:st you 6tami still for even
one moment. And you must have faith In
our ability to carry you safely through
the Umu."
\ When all is In readiness* a procession
¦ is formed, there being no restriction on
* the number of persona to participate. The
nativ.es are barefooted and decorated with
rirlrsmlf) of flowers, and the Europeans
clad, in heavy boots.
¦The priests -lead the way, bearing th«
•-;Bacredvtr plant, with which they occa
--nlonally ground before them,
while ] murmuring mystic words In old
Tahitlan. Then stepping down upon the
\ hot. stones* which form the floor of the
pit, the company marches across the
fiery furnace, the priests praying, the na
tive followers chanting an old "himlne."
while tbe Europeans are anxiously won
.vderinB what the outcome will.be.
During the month of July, 1899, a party
witnessing the Umu Tl at Ralatea tried
to get snapshots of the affair, but diffi
culty was met In the densenesa of th*
steam..
A fair photo was obtained of the di
rector of the Uv 8. 8. Company walking:
through the Umu Ti. He said afterward
that the only discomfort he felt was th«
Intense heat on his face — as great as
he could bear. |
"My boots were heavy." he said. *T»nt
I do not see how they could have saved
my feet from blistering. I have walked
over sidewalks i In the Eastern States
when the sun heat upon the planks was
j«o great that It pained my feet at every
step. And in this flre-walking proposi
tion the stones are red hot; no, they are
white hot.
••Why was It that they didn't burtT It's
more than I know.
"To be sure, I did try to have faith in
the prlest3, but I am not certain that
I succeeded. It teems to me that In my
heart of hearts I really expected to be
burned all the time.
"My boots seemed very little the worse
for wear when I came out of th« fur-
. - • • ¦
over those stones was barefooted. YTa*»
the soles of their feet are ciad* of la
more than I know. I tried to watch th«
one ahead of me. and he seemed to b«
putting down his feet ac.ua.rely. without *
sign of wincing."
At the conclusion of the procesifon cv
casses of pigs, with fowls, yam and two,
were placed In the Umu and balead, and
two hours later tho feast that tu
spread was sufficient evidence that th«
stones wer* hot.
The natives gs£her*<l around, bis ar»4
little,, all greedily awxitlss their tarn,
One might have thought to look at theta
that fire walking begets a better appetlU
than any other form of tramping.
The pigs and fowls ware steaming hot
and Juicy when they were •erred. Th«
natives showed very good manner* la
helping taeir guests, but they fell to rav
enously when their turn cara»w The yam
and taro wer© left for tha most part to
them, for th« European tasts had not
been educated to these deltcacies.
•*I never at« better roast pork ta my
life." Bald crnt of the gnests. "In fact It
was a successful barbecue from bejinnlns
to end, but why we people wer« net as
much a part cf it as tlie plff» and fowl*
Is the unsolved puzzle. Th* natives earn*
forth from the n>xy furnace barefooted
and garlanded and 8<*ren» as when they
entered, with the same la.wn-p«rty ex
pression on all their faces.**
•Where did the ceremony orUruoatat
The mystery. 1» as gTeat to-day «i th«
biblical lesends cf old. and wh«n T»*ro'
and Tupea pass away is will the "Tl
Uml." unlees th» power Is b*aueath«4 to
their descendants by "sb* who fcold* th*
lightning in her hands."
_ _».
SHT5 who holds the lightning rn *>•*
hands" has said that men may
walk upon fire and not be burned.
Scientist* say "no."
Tfcey hav? declared that fire-walking 1»
a physical Impossibility. They have de
clared it with long: faces as If to reprove
the Impudence that dared refute their
law*. And all the while the weird cere
taony of Umu Tl has been going oa ur.dsr
tho anspioes of "she who holds the, light
ning In her hands."
There are only two Islands In Polynesia
where the old heathen enstom of Cre
walkinc «•*" be witnessed. One Is the little
Island of Etc*, (pronounced Benga), ona
of the Fijlian group not far from Suva.
The other, the island of Ralatea, not forty
miles distant from Tahiti. Is the home ci
th. "Cku TV and Its priests, Taero and
•jtp**, ar« the only cne» living who can
perform the ceremony.
They tell yon plainly that tf they were
to embrace Christianity they would lose
their po-wer. for they must have faith in
their heathen goddess of fire, "she who
hurls llghtring at her enemies," while to
her faithful followers she th© power
to pa*» through fire unharmed.
Ap;:.arei:t2y she made an exception, how
ever, in the case of some skeptical sci
entist*. Having placed fire- walkers under .
f--*-.-y *fst condition Imaginable, some of
these Doubters determined to treat
through th* fiery furnace themselves.
They made their exit from the Dit un
fc&maed, their linen garments refusing to
ignite when pass!::? through a tempera
ture that Would melt Iron. A bunch of
foliage thrown upon the stones after they
passed over burst Into flame and was In- "
s'an-iy consumed.
Ed Tregar, authority on thlnfrs Polyne
sian, in answer to a Question concerning
the Umu Tl, replies:
"I know nothing of Ita origin nor does
any rcan living."
As to what It Is at present a few
prlvilfged travelera know. Those who
hs.ve seen will cot forget. The
rrx'.-c* of ReJaiea are always willing to
rive an exhibition of this marvelous per
. formance. only asking a few days' notica
prepare for It. as the pit baa to b«
£un, hard stones gathered and the fuel
cut. When the pit is 5ug some half dozoa
feet deep, eight feet w'de and from eight
een to twenty feet In length. It Is ready
for the stcnes, upon which are placed fas
g-ots of Cry wood and then large saplings
of gTeen wood or young trees.
Men. ¦women ar.d children all work at
the preparations. They are all Interested
In it; they welcome vlsitom to the island
In ant'rtpatlor. that a fire-walking per
formance will be got up.
"There comes a ehjp," whispers ono
little Polyn«-slan to another.
"Jlayb* we shall fcave Umn now,*'
whispers another tack. It is their fir3|
thought. The Barrenness of the ceremony
<1oos not appt-aJ to them as strongly ai
the *un of the ehow. There are sometimes
little Americans who like the Sunday
school Christmas tree better than the cat
e-chiEtn.
The whole mass of wood !s Ignited then
vrlth the continuous addition of huge Ions
ard a fierce fir* is kept up for a couple of
days till the stones fcave attained a whit*
heat.
One* during the last ceremony th© fire
died down.
Two women had been left to watch it.
Th!s was not according to custom, but
the men who were supposed to be on
duty had grown tired «ind had given theJr
wives eight thumps apiece as an lnduco
gjaeat to tb«ni to tit up. Ta« thumps
'I femed to wako them thoroughly and
their hsimbands were eatlffled that the
f,re wculd be In good hands, so they went
to sleep.
Presently the women followed their ex
ample- The whole four wer« stretched
Encrlng on the ground besldo the cooling
stones.
Late In the night one of the men woke.
chilled.
"The fire! The fire le going out!" he
shouted. He was afraid of the divlno
wrath. What would the goddess of tho
lightning, the goddess of all fire say when
she lesrned that her blaze had died down?
The others waked. The women were less
afraid of the divine wrath than of the
human. One of them shrieked helplessly.
The other rose to the occasion.
"The divinity cpoke to us while you
elept," «he explained. -She said This flr«
Coe.3 not please^e. The wood is too dry.
Have your husbands, when they wako,
bring green wood from the other side of
the island. I*et them not delay or I will
descend and consume them In on«
Same.' "
It -was stlU dark and' chilly, but the
husi.ar.es went. By the time the other
ca'Jves were awake there was a snapping,
sizzling fire of freeh wood biazlnj; In
«ir>ology to the goddess who holds the
lightning !n her hands. They heard th«
«T>ort of her message and the" flocked
' the scores to bring the green wood
which pleased her.
"VVh'.le the natives are engaged prepar
ing the "Umu" Taero and Topea, the
Wiests. are wandering In mountain fast
i
THE SUNDAY
CALL
THE SACRED
FIRE WALKERS
OF TAHITIpressed together to within, approximate
ly, the thickness of I an anfs body, but
closer on one side than" on the other, so
as to hold ¦¦¦ pome 'fast , and Incapable* of
moving, while others .could move about
In their narrow, prison where they liked.
On applying this box of ants to the ear.
as though 'if had been a watch. M. Ferfii
was astonished.to hear a regular and con
tinuous buzzing noise, somewhat similar
to the sound made by water when boiling
In an open vessel, though sometimes a
higher note would be struck Dy-one or
another of the ants.
Further study of the: box r of prisoners
revealed many interesting, facts. ,< The free
ants, were seen to advance to the sides
of the ' ones,' that could not 'move, and to
endeavor Tritn air their strength lo re-
lease the prisoners. It wai then that"
the sounds made by the ants became
louder and more stringent. It was evi
dent that these sounds ¦ conveyed , some
meaning, for a palpable difference was
to be found in *the minute utterances,
which must have been intelligible to th»
tiny captives. ;• ' '
Then came* the problem. How was tho
sound; made? M. Ferel proceeded to at
once' make minute Investigations, and
submitted live ants to the scrutiny of a
very powerful microscope.
Here, again, an Interesting discovery
was In store for the Investigator. The
sides of the little Insects were found to be
in one particular place rough and scaly,
resembling— though.'of 'course, on a tiny
scale— the teeth of*a saw. It was by rub
bins .this that the ant marie the sound
that had rewarded the scientist's re
search,
SIR JOHN LUBBOCK, as well as
many other scientists, hns of courea ;
studied the ant.,.but it has been ,
given to a Frenchman, a M. Ferel,.
to make a discovery as regards ants that
proves them to be possessed of an in- j
telligence far greater than has been hith- •
erto supposed.
And this discovery is nothing more or
less than that ants are capable of pro
ducing sounds intelligible to their fellows,
and even audible to our ears— in o # ther
words, that they converse with one an
other.
The way M. Ferel proved this was as
follows: •= .< ,,¦,.,-**, . . ,
He made a glass funnel, one en* smaller
than the other, which he placed, the small ••
end 'downward, la. the center of a square *
Proved That Ants Have a Language.
of plain, glass some six Inches wide, fitting
closely enough, to prevent jj the little in
sects from craavling out underneath.
/jHe then" took a number of ants in a
bunchabQut the size of. an ordinary horse
chestnut.' f reef rom any foreign ¦'substance,
and, lifting up" the - funnel, dropped the
cluster of insects inside, ¦•:,'•
AVhile the ants were still in a state of
bewilderment, and before any, of them
could reach the edge of the glass, the ex
perimenter covered it with another square,
similar to the one already In use, and
which had, been surrounded, a short di6
tance.from its edge,by;a rim-of putty.
This effectually ..confined the little in
sects and prevented^their being crushed '-
The > two; plate. ¦ of glass were theo
SN the St. Jan-e:; Budget T. A. Vance calls attention to the
mania for big words among men of science and gives some
amusing examples: Mr. Herbert Spencer, in his "First Prln
clple«." the first volume of his Synthetic Philosophy says
that "Evolution Is an Integration of matter and concomitant
dissipation of motion, during which the matter passes from an
Indifferent. Incoherent homogeneity to a definite, coherent
heterogeneity, and during which the retained motion undergoes
a. parallel transformation." I csn remember many years ago
hearing an acquaintance reel off a remarkable paraphrase of
that good old saw. "People who live In glass houses should not
throw etones." This Is the way he put It: "Individuals Inhabit
ing domiciles of crjBtalllne structure ehould refrain from the
projection of missiles of granitic formation."
The late George John Romanes was another »dentl«t who
fairly reveled In bl* words. «e played with them. Juggled
them into sentences, and the average reader cannot help losing
himself in the bewildering: maze. Two examples from his
'"Examination of Weismannism." his best known work will
Illustrate the point. They are selected at random. Romanes
In speaking of plant life says: "All themulticellular organisms
propagate themselves, not exclusively by fission or gemma-"
tion. bat by sexual fertilization." Which, translated -to com
mon Ensllsh, means that the higher plants xnultlp'y not only
by division and buds but by seeds. A little further on Mr
Romanes speaks of the "undifferentiated idioplasm of the first
or-togenetic stage."
Buch words are simply staggering. The other day I met
with the v.-ord "idiodactylae. tf The Standard Dictionary defines
It thus: "A phalanx of collomorpic oscine birds.". Of course
the meaning of the word was at once made clear. In some
readings on entomological subjects I met with the word
••planiper.nia." which the Standard eays is a name given to a
BUb-Qffder of neuropterous Insects with multinervate wings and
multiarticulate antennae.
The definitions of scientific words in the Standard Diction
ary, as may be inferred by the examples cited, are not char
acterized by extreme simplicity of language. The reader Is
Informed that the "acanthocephaJa" Is the name given to an
order of "r.cmatelmlnth worms without a mcuth or intestinal
canal, but with a retractile proboscis covered with hooks, com
prising echinorhynchidae." The "arcturldae" are a "family of
leopods. with Inferior opercullform uropods, and with the an
terior (four) pairs of legs ciliated and the posterior (three)
ambulatory." Taking, up the study of a shellfish, one finds that
the rhopaJodlnidae are a "family of diplostomldeaa holothur
lanf. having a flask-phaped body." Most people know at least
what a flask is like.
Professor Hyatt in an article on the nautilus in the Amer
ican Naturalist tella us that "the leading characteristic of
parallelism In all genetic series of . nauttllolds Is a tendency
toward closer coiling anfl greater Involution in the mere spe
cialized forms cf each separate series, and a correlative in
crease in the profundity of the impressed zone."
Professor Cope. In his "Primary Factors of Organic Evolu
tion," tells his reader that "in the first case, that of the human
elbow, the cubltus was luxated posteriorly, so that the humeral
ccndylcs articulate with the ulna, anterior to the coronold
process." The translator of Kibot's "Psychology of Attention"
tries to tay that when we arc happy w© forge't our surround
ings. He puts It In this way: "Intense enjoyment produces a
momentary unity of consciousness."
Time was. concludes Mr. Vance, when a word to the wise wao
Bufncient. Nowadays it must be a mighty long word or it will
Dot do. Time was when the BChool boy could recite with satis
faction both to himself and teacher:
Little drops of water,
L4ttlo grains of sand,
Make the mighty ocean.
And the pleasant land.
Nowadays, to meet the full requirements of polysyllabic
•deuce, he must paraphrase It thus:
Infinitesimal particle! of ealllne humectlve fluidity,
Minute corpuscles of non-adberin« Inorganic matter -
CcmJolnOy cw,^. to octet the immeasurable expanse 'of aqueous section
Ani U»e resplendent superficial tm of Crr «oll«lt7. ... . - ""- l "^»
OJfE of the most notable features in connection with the
siege of Klmberley is the callous way in which the In
habitants treated the Boer bombardment, even finding
i to celebrate three weddings during. the progress of
lostllitles. However unique this may seem, reference to past
campaigns, says the London Tit-Bits, will reveal othei- case3
of a similar nature. Even after the slaughter of Waterloo two
weddings came off in the field, one being especially pathetic In
• detail. A young officer in a well-known cavalry regiment sent
,' direct from England was ordered to leave home a fe 1 *- days
before he was to have been married, and his flance>s, dis
appointed and anxious at the turn things had taken, decided to
fellow him, despite his protests. This she did unknown to her
lover, and was In the neighborhood when the great battle was
fought.
After the victory she failed to gain any news of him. so,
thinking he must have fallen, employed a peasant, aad to
gether they searched the field. After some hours shu came
upon him. lying half-buried beneath a bloody heap of i.la own
comrades and (lead horses in that part of the field whore the
conflict had raged fiercest. He was not dead, and at his re
quest she sent the peasant "for a priest, and not long afterward
they were married, where he lay. only to be separated a llttlo
later by death.
A burly guardsman furnished the next case In point, which
was a happier one, f^r beyond a wound In the right arm the
bridegroom was in excellent health and spirits. The marriage
was celebrated at daybreak, on the raornlns after the battle,
and was conducted by the priest who had a moment before
been readlnj? mass over the slain.
Even the misery which existed In the trenches before 1
Stbastopol during the dreary winter of 1S31 was broken by a
wedding celebrated In actual battle, the desultory firing from
\the city forts and the corresponding booming of our guns tak
ing the place of the wedding march. The bride was connected
with the nursing department, and had for some time previously
been under Miss Florence Nightingale, until sent nenrer tho
scene of hostilities, where she met and fell In love with a cor
poral In one of tho regiments of foot. Furthermore, one of tho
first functions held in Sebastopol after Its fall by our troops
was a wedding ceremony between a young lieutenant and a
Russian girl of noble birth, who had some time prior to the
event turned against her country and come over to the British
camp. She- returned to, England with her husband, who even
tually became a soldien-of repute.
During the siege of Strasburg by the Germans la the war
of 1870 no fewer than forty-two weddings were solemnized In
the city, even while the enemy's sheila were falling In the
streets. All of them were safely carried despite the perilous
surroundings with the exception of one. and In this case a shell
fell near the happy couple on their way home from the church,
killing the bridegroom among a number of. others. In another
Instance a shell struck the church while the ceremony was In
progress, bringing down a portion of the tower, but fortunately
no one was Injured.
Nursing sisters have frequently been wedded to their soldier
lovers almost before the echoes of battle have died awav
Alter the taking of Cabul In 1875 and the entry of our trooni
into^the city a mosque was utilized for this purpose the «er
vice, of course, being performed according to the "ltes of th«
English church. . The bridegroom was a y6un 5 lieutenant, who
had Just recovered from a wound received in one of the earlier
engagements. During.the time he was in the hospital he had
fallen In love with the lady who nursed him. and flndlne hi,
aftectlons reciprocated, took the tint opportunity of leading
her to the hymeneal altarv Many O f the officers were present!
the remainder of the building being packed with the humbler
members of the victorious army- and after the ceremony a
regimental band accompanied the couple through the city to tb«
lively strains of "The Wedding March."
"Mollie Big Buffalo w.'H hnve no war. It Is p*ac«? her people
seek. They seek peace ar.d freedom ns tho bird doen the air.
The red man cannot live in' the burrow of a badger. lie mu?t
have the vastnes3 cf the plains nn<l the height of the. sky. It
la there things that Mollfe Big Buffalo will lead her people to.
There 1? sadness ir; the. heart, of Mollic Bl£ Buffalo and In the
hearts of her people. It is the'wlness of the buffalo, which the
white man has tamed. They go away into a new country- Tho
white man has taken 'theirs. This is no more the Irjdlan'a
home.. The Indian ixrasf find a. new home. Mollie Big Buffalo
will lead him to it." •
But despite her tact and caution. Mollie Eig Buffalo cannot
always 1 , control the demon, of unrest which ¦ her eioquence
arouses.* The enthusiasm of the Indian la a dangerous thing.
Threats \ and outbreaks, horsethioving ar.d. smothered rebel
lions have ', followed in the wake cf her path. Wherever her
wagon goes trouble follows, and the Indian agent has his handa
full. It la with a br?;ith of relief tiiat the white settlements
are vlswlng the great exedUS. iJollie Big Buffalo has at last
accomplished her object. Crfeki and Chlrkasaws alikp. D<>!a
wares. Choc taws and all" tribes Join tosrethor in the surly
march 'tO'"the promised freedom. Lcdses at whose d"or tho
rattlesnake skin has Ion* hung. are now offering the pipe arvj
stealing away in common sympathy with. their feudal enemie'Tk
From as far as the north of "Washington 'ami Alaska Imlhinar
who have heard are hurrying southward to join In the general
caravan, and from the southwest the othora are moving out
ward. ; Creeping across the plains.' a rcotley procession of
stragglers from a vanquished race, thero is cumetAng pathetlo
In the very ridiculousness. Here a creaking . watjon. there a
buggy, a sagging buckboird loaded to it.^itmost capacity with
stolid women and small children; then a. neavy, patient hlcycl*
wheeling along beneath Its surly faced rider, n long proces
sion Of straggling, unk?mpt and depressed looking hcr3es — ih«»
entirety as miscellaneous and inharmonious a mixture as that
of a moving crazy quilt pattern.
But the woman at the bottom cf It all la looking rtraight
ahead and'leadlng the way. Ir» her deep set eyes thire Is a
hope for the lost race. With one brown hand shading her eyes
from the low falling rays of the pun, she scans the horllon and
measures the distance of the day's travel. In her bus;/ brain
there is the calculation for the many miles and many sleeps,
and perhaps there is some weariness and discouragement, but
on her tongue there are only words of love for her people and
trust for the future. The surly 10.000 follow on behind, with
the stolldness of set purpose and blind faith In the infallibility
of their leader, to where "the children ot the sun shay find a
home as wide as the buffalo roams and as high as the eagle
flies." They trust to find it, for Mollle Big Buffalo has promised
them. ERNESTINE COIJGHB.AN
Nuptial Knots Tied Midst
the Booming of Cannon
r^gg^^o"^^ missive l:r- r ts cf I'nele Sam's
Jp^^^^ peaceful hrav-s with the pplrlt of
' resistance an<1 rebellion, but Imperils
?.-^*"** K wen ton the'-hop^lessnoss of outbreak, sho
't j^T their iinrest timanl fh« present exodus.
When she had her people well nr.rter hsr influenco
the beautiful Indian woman left the reservation and went to
Mexico, where" In the* State of Chihuahua she secured a tract
of some six rallllpn £•«;?«, harren and cnfrultful. bat far from
th« rule of the palcfhce and where the Indian Bigratfl cea39
troublint.
It Is here that_ ?.Ic!I!e_Big Buffalo hopes to *ee her peop'.^
Irdged, safe from the humiliations of Government control and
free i<s smoke the pipe of peace. She Is captious and tactful.
While stirring the hearts ©f her brave* wUh'the spirit of re
sistance and rebellion, she seeks to use tho?e emotions solr-ly
to the effect of a- peaceful migration. Rr.-U'zlng the hopeless
r.ess of outbreak. sh<- chooaf^ tfce proper moment to divert their
aroU5»»d-en«'rr:ip«r"trr-t!:>.i:rrhr!» of a new home.':'.
Th» red
aian wi.l
MBfglpaPHSgT^MM hunt, the
I red man
>v- i'^f I will fish.
'S^k^SiS^Xm I man 11!
"gS^TOTfflr J K a i n
te&jrfj^tfr^^ shoot the
|n^g^^^^^ srrotrJ"
* * *
H^r With such
words as th«-»e.de-
Uvered with the in
descrifcahle eloquence of
her native crntcry. Slollio
Els: r.uffalo in?pirod the sub-
Scientists Who Now Have a
Mania for Big Words
••The red man is a worm under the foot of the paleface
The hand of the white man Is at The throat of the. children of
the sun. There i? greed in the heart of the paleface. It is
death to the red man. It is the red man's country, but ihe
-white man has taken it. The fathers of the red men were as
many u tne rays of the sun. The red man's lodges were like
the leaves of the trees. The paleface has destroyed them. The
rilc-face ha-s made war and left but a lodgeful of our peop'e
The red man !s a dog: to the white man. The red man owns
the nut plains, but he !s driven back and caged In the burrow
of a badger. Will the braves of the red men sit like women in
£!, r t , Wm they endUre "»V*-MP of- the paleface?
TV ill tneysoe their people die out like the flickering torch? No'
The red man will go with Mollie Big Buffalo! Mollie Big Buf-
Jalo will lead the red men into a new country, where the red
inen will be red men once more; where "the children of the sun
shall I.ve in the free glory of their race; where the lodge of the
red man will not be fed from the hateful hand of the paleface
Grunts of emphatic approve! and rumblings of the
crowing ppirit of unrest came from the surrounding braves
The red firelight fell on faces dark with emotions, inspired by
the magnetic words of the Indian woman.'
"Lifter, oh my brothers! Mol!!r« nig Buffalo has much to
ray. Sh» k:>ows ihe :od mtn will bo c'.ad to heer. She hns
homed with thtm in the forces. She hns n*hed with them in
the rivers. !ler hinds have built the smoke flres for the drying
cf winte- meat. Her feet have led the way through tr?ckless
raths. She is one of their people. The school of the paleface
has taught her jnncb kMWNJfei l>m her heart could not learn
iho whtto man's wsys. The hern of Mniiic Big i?,iffalo is the
heart of the red men. The tongue of Xfollie Big Buffalo can
er>cak not lie."
"Listen, oh my brothers! Listen to the words .->f Mollie Big
Buffalo! The rod men know her words are good!" *
In the Oa*fa of lurid light that Illumined the writhing
bodies of the dancing braves n, slender form with streaming
hair sprang through th 2 circle and leaped to the top of a
fallen lop; 5n the oent»r. Tho blood-curdling chant of the sun
£ance Stopped short with a wild staccato note. The firelight
fared h5gh and illumined a picture of amazing beauty. With
lcr.sr. graceful brown arms uplifted Mollie Big Buffalo began
to adrlrr.es her people, her clear vcico ringing convincingly to
the accompaniment of the short, emphatic gestures of Indian
cratnry.
• For the past two year? she has bern going about In n wagon
quiet ',y sowing the fo?3s of \inre?t among her people. She Is a
graduate of the Carlisle School. \ ut orffl have r»one of the*
Wbtte mar.? way?. Clad in the wi!d gj>rl» of her tribe she has
addressed hrr people wherever sh* could gather an audience—
In thrir peaceful lodges, on the Wj&ndertng trails and in festive
e*?or:!b'.ages. Suddenly appearing at the weird Sundance, or
the dmnce of the wolf and ghost, and leaning:, regardless of
cv.?tom. into the irner circle, she lias worked the braves Into a
perfect fury with wild chants and haV !d>, all fraught with the
•spirit of rebellion to the ruU? of th« w:m.' man.
**W* EN THOUSAND . %£&
J Indians. 2ed by a
i> ¦woman, are fo!d
siclirs .away In a I B^^^^^S^??^^^S|^^ES
Klpantic exodui from I RctW^jlJ?^^!?-'^? "v : Pg«BJ^ffll
Government and making
transportation to Mexico, >^^j|
v'.i !> they Intend to set up a
new place la ;; tract < f s!v million
a<T<-s. far from tho haunts of the In-
d;.-.r: .(tr-:;. and calculated to Aftnni fr^c-
frov<^r;in:cnt. Tho iirocession lends out and away ">!^^
ever the plains, ivlth the woman at its hond. There
ere ChJrkasanrp. Cherok^eai. Delaware^ and Crerks, all
full-Moodcd rd rr.cn. They arc poine <>n foot and on bicycle.*,
In warrons. bu-s!??: an<l buckboards. on horseback and oh "trail*
Ins sleds. The vorr.an In the lead Is the woman at the bottom
of It. She is a full-blooded Ponea Indian, and her name Is
Mnl!l« Biff Bun*»'o.
THE EXODUS OF TEN THOUSAND INDIANS
THE SUNDAY CALL.
2when the omt old thins to flesh and
blood roes on unceasingly? At "Poverty
, Corner" perhaps there are no David Gar
ricks, no Mrs. Slddonses. no great gen
iuses, in fact, but there are 'at least men
This is the case with artificial musk:
vanillin, the odorous principle of the va
nilla bean; pipercnal. that of the helio
trope; camarin. # "that of the parasitic
p'.aut known in Germany as "waldmeis
ter." and used for flavoring the national
fpriEg beverage. "Malwein." or "May
v%lne." and also with the odor of new
mown ha.y.
The fragrance of the Jasmine Is ex
haled, as chemical investigation has
shown, by a mixture of several sub
stances. One of these, indol, is a well
known product of decomposition. Many
ptrfurces when strongly concentrated ara_
r.early or quite odorless.
A striking example is afforded by cer
tain odorous nocturnal parasites which
shall be nameless. When these ill-omened
beasts of prey are rubbed with sugar,
which is then dissolved in a large quan
tity of water, the result 13 a delicious
hyacinth perfume.
least like violets, no matter how much It
may be attenuated, so that the rule does
not work both ways. Many Intolerablo
stenches may be transformed Into agree
able perfumes by sufficient dilution.
London's yearly milk supply La over 42,
000.000 gallons.
The appearance of all fine gems Is im
proved by gaslight. A perfect emerald,
despite Its color, which In anything else
would turn to a dull bluish hue. Is only
intensified In brilliancy of color by artifi
cial light. The blue sapphire, though
darkened, remains true to its color, as by
daylight. The" alexandrite Is the only gem
that changes, turning from a dark ollvin*
to a brilliant blood red by candle or gas
light.
happy in an Income of ten thousand a
year, to preach "'« principles of "econ
omy and thrift" to a man with ten dol
lars a week. Years ago; Charles Kean,
that • great light of the British stage. In
pleading the cause ' of a theatrical fund
painted this sad picture of the "little ac
tor's fate": "In the long struggle of pro
fessional life," he-wrote," "and. more par
ticularly, in the actor's life, distinction
and -Independence are achieved only by
the fortunate tew, while the laborious but
deserving many toll on In the ranks, earn
ing with difficulty a" subsistence for the
present and utterly, unable -to; lay-by^ any
provision r for the . f ulure. ; " Let It not be
said that thedlsclples of Thespls.are uni
versally thoughtless ¦ and . improvident.
There are many who have never had. an
field to younger candidates and retirelnto
solitude and oblivion, * too often with but
little to console him In the remembrance
of the past, no comfort In .the privations
of the present and scarcely a ray of hope
from the darkness of the future."
Every visitor to . London of a certain
sentimental temperament loves to wander
through the busy old .streets ana to people
them with celebrities of the past. In this
old house Thackeray starved for a .while,
there "poor ' old Goldsmith" ate his , heart
out with chagrin and disappointment, and
here Milton: from ; out his melancholy
darkness evolved "Paradise Lost." . No
where '. else - on earth ' do the shades of
abused, disappointed genius cry out bo
loudly as In London. , And yet why waste
one's time and sympathy with shades
violet* except at the beginning ot . the
operation. .
As this perfume, disseminated through
the air, becomes /stronger the peculiar
violet odor becomes weaker . and Is re
placed - by the odor of raspberries. But
if a bottle of pure ionon is held -to the
nose the odor perceived is neither that
of violets nor that of raspberries, but that
of cedar wood. , I
As a matter of fact many samples of
artificial extract of violets have the odor
of raspberries because the manufacturers
are too liberal and cannot persuade them
selves to give their customers little
enough for their money. Now It la very
singular that neither the odorous prin
ciple of raspberries, which has also been
Isolated, nor th* oil of cedar smells In thm
I have recently read of a proposed actors'
congress, whereat all questions affecting
the Interests of theatrical managers and
the profession at large might be discuss
ed, with particular emphasis on the "so
cial -?atus" of the hlstrion, the means of
training him to a greater degree . of ef
ficiency and the necessity of . impressing
upon him the obvious advantages of econ
omy and thrift. These, I thin*., were the
panaceas ' suggested for moderating ..the
trials of actors and actresses. Like Tom
Sawyer's wart cure, it all "sounds good"
and yot-It seems tome that "social stat
us" would not prove* a very interesting
topic tp discuss at "Poverty Corner." In
deed,' "Corned Beef and Cabbage Made
Easy" or "Baked Beans Within the
Reach or All," I doubt not would strike
a more responsive chord In this particular
region. Of course, the habits of economy
and thrift might well be. encouraged, but
even here It Is ¦ as useless _s , it Is easy
for we comfortable, successful Individual,
selves to the lakes and mountains of
Switzerland ' or >~ the heather-scented
moors of Scotland, but such luxury is not
to be dreamed of by the actor of "Poverty
Corn«r." The salary received during his
nionths of labor would not have been suf
ficient to tide him over this unwelcome
period. of "rest" even^were he v cut on the
economical plan, which, as everybody
knows, is not frequent in the profession.
Translating the word "resting" into
"looking for an engagement," remember
ing that- protracted idleness' in the case
of the humble pVayer wholly dependent
upon his fitful salary means inevitable
hardship and privation, *nd bearing in
mind that for every post he seeks there
will be at least a dozen applicants as
good as himself, It becomes easy to un
derstand the harassed, drawn, anxious
look upon the face of the man and. worse
yet, of the woman who has the misfor
tune to be "resting." .
But "Poverty Parade" Is not made up
entirely of "has beens," nor yet of those
who never will be. Many of the most
conspicuous characters are actors who
could hardly be called unsuccessful, but
who In popular parlance are, simply said
to be "resting." When the late summer
brings In Its train a general closing of
the Thespian shutters, when the last of
the London season's theatrical successes
has given up the ghost and the touring
companies one by one have been disband
ed, then Is "Poverty Parade" the most
replete and the most melancholy, swelled
as It Is to startling proportions by the
presence of players who are "restinir."
Alas! a mournful "rest" It la. The actor
xnanoger and the affluent star hie them-
She dissected Love with sharp tools
and scrutinized Its construct'^- with mi
croscopes. She thought, she planned, she
dreamed, she analyzed till, Juliet be
came simple and cas« p to her. Ah. there
was no doubt about it, she had discover
ed all of Shakespeare's hidden Intent.
There was nothing to do but to render
her Interpretation and become immortal.
In time she and her views presented
themselves before the manager and he,
the brute, laughed. "What, you to play
the part of Juliet? Why. woman, look
at yourself. You are 1 fat, you are
wrinkled, you are matronly! I doubt not
that you understand the character, but
look at yourself!" And the woman looked
and awakened from her dream. During
her scientific analysis she had lost the
girlhood \ necessary for Juliet. Even
now, the old-timers say that she can give
the best of them cards and spades on the
Interpretation of this part^ yet to-day she
is glad to pick up an engagement at "Pov
erty Corner" to do dowager parts in cheap
melodrama. . Bitter, bitter' Irony! The
pretty bakery girl across the way handing
out buns and coffee to nungry clerks
could well look the part of Juliet! -:-f\i£
opportunity of laying in store. By cease
less study and long experience- only can
the actor hope to master the difficulties
of his art, and before his mental faculties
have attained their full" meridian his
physical powers are on the decline and
warn him that he can no longer execute
his own conceptions. He must leave the
The so-called chemical senses— taste and
smell — differ from the other senses in that
a stronger stimulus does not produce a.
Stronger Impression, but rather one dif
ferent in kind This is well illustrated by
the properties of ionon, the artificial per
fume of violets.
A few grains of this substance — the
equivalent of hundreds of pounds of vio
lets—may be heated in an open vessel and
even completely vaporlzeil without pro
ducing'the slightest trace of the odor
Queer Things in
Perfumes.
This incarnate nightmare of a reptile,
living upon seaweed, and incapable of,
harming a living creature. Is. perhaps,
as perfect an example and proof as exist*
of the fallacy cf a judgment founded
merely on appearances.
Their habit* are as peculiar as is their
eppearance. Though extremely numerous
along the rocky coasts it their native
islands, they are seldom ?een more than
twenty or thirty feet from shore, though
as might be expected, they are perfectly
at home In the sea— swimming by serpen
tine, undulating movements of the flat
tened body anil tail, and moving without
apparent elTort. ¦ gracefully and swiftly
through the water, with their' limbs,
which they do not use !n swimming,
pressed closely to their sides.
Yet ¦ strange as it may— and certainly^
does— appear. It is nevertheless a fact that
you cannot drive one of these creatures
which happens to be ashore, into tho sea.
Try it and the big fellow scampers off In,
any direction but that you would natural
ly suppose he would take, toward what
would almost seem to be his natural ele
ment. He will hide, as occasion serves, ¦
In crevices, he will dodge behind bowlders,
he will double and turn. an<l if nothing
else will do. rush between your feet and
upset you, or climb the almost perpendic
ular face of the rock; but into the water
he will not go; he will even allow himself
to be captured if it comes to a choice be
tween that and plunging Into the *«?a,
where he could so easily escape. If. hav
ing caught him, you manage to drop him
from some overhanging rock Into the
water, he Incontinently swims ashore as
fast as he can.
The creature is black, or almost black.
in color: his bo<ly. including the tall. Is
flattened lilce that of a fish. He Is fur
nished with a crest of well developed
spines'reaching from the nape of his r.eck
to the extremity of his caudal appendage.
His color, his shape, and his armament o!
scales, the cruel. maligi<Lnt glare of. his
reptilian eyes, his truncated, truculent,
bulldog-shaped head with its helmet oC
conical projections, and his enormous
mouth, that looks fit to breathe out flra
and smoke, after the manner of his kind
In sons and story, seem to perfectly
adapt him tp his place among the Impos
sible creations of heraldry, or to 'perform
his part in a representation of St. George
and the dragon: or, perchance, to make
real one of those more or less imaginative
reconstructions of extinct monsters with
which books cf pseudo-science havp made
us familiar. Fiercer, more formidable
looking animals 'might be difficult to dis
cover; more harmless ones cannot be found
at all. They never dream of biting: and
their only defense when brought tr» bay is
to squirt a few drops of fluid from their
nostrils.
Gant of the monsters c,f the old. prenuman
¦world, and. to some extent, attests his de
scent by his size as well as by his looks,
for the creature is almost, or quite, five
feet long. It may be added that his scien
tific name is. In Its way, almost as long
and ugly as himself— Iguanida amblyrkyn
chus cristatus.
In the drama of life the "unemployed
actor" . plays a tragic part, superfluous
though ho may be, to the "profession." In
theatrical parlance he i3 said to be "rest
ing." Was ever euphemism more pathetic?
aim women wnose aspirations were lorty,
whose alms were toward the stars and
whose composition Is surely of too fine a
clay to mix with the sands of the gutter.
BOTS and girls who are stagre struck
—you who revel in day dreams of
mighty successes amid storms of
applause, seeing only the romantic.
flittering side of theatrical life and palnt
lr.g pictures of footiight careers In the
Slowing- impressionism of your own de
luded fancy— I should like to conduct you
to a little corner that I ..ave recently dis
covered in London, a poor, obscure little
speck in the city's complex topography,
unknown to charitable organizations, al
though presenting a scene of poverty an<J
"carking care" of blighted hopes and-van
ished illusions comr-=red with which the
znoat sordid aspects of squalor and misery
as seen among London's pocr lose some
thing of their pathos. Among theatrical
people It is known as 'I overty Corner"
and Is the recognized haunt of the unem
ployed actor, the poor down-at-heels, out
at-elbows "histrionic artist," who at cer
tain seasons finds no more profitable way
of passing his days than of waiting In sol
emn procession with his equally unfortu
nate brethren for "something to turn up."
The Irony of fate has located "Poverty
Corner" ¦within a stone's throw of the
Strand, that teeming, bustling part of
London which, a? everybody knows, is the
very heart of stageland. Almost within
the shadow of the theaters which have
witnessed his successes, almost within
$ound of the applause welcoming the suc
cesses of those who have superseded him,
the "has-been" actor waits about from
C&j to day. contemplating his own in
creasing seedlness and wondering bitterly
where the next meal Is coming from. At
any hour cf the afternoon, particularly at
this season, when most of the London
theaters are closed, this "poverty parade"
may be witnessed; for this is the season
of the actor's vacation— a vacation, alas,
not sought for nor relished by those who
constitute the "email fry"' of the profes
sion, earning as they do at best a very
precarious livelihood.
London, they tell me, boasts more than
one "Poverty Corner." Away over Lon
don bridge, amid the rattle and roar of
unceasing traffic and the strident cries of
the street hawkers, one may find at any
time throughout the year a hive of "lit
tle** aetors. of cheap dancers, singers and
musicians, the hangers-on of the music
halls, to whom any offer, no matter how
Fmall, Involving- some regular employment
would mean Joy unspeakable. The "Pov
erty Corner" that I speak of. the one not
a hundred yards- from the busi^t part of
the Strand, Is of a little higher class and
consequently suggests a deeper pathos.
Here the played-out gentleman actor
abounds; he who has . ad his <lay and has
ltved to find himself going inch by inch
down the other side of the hill whose
eummlt he has passed. If there be any
thing In life more tragic, more pathetic,
more productive of madness and despera
tion than this silent, gradual losing of
one's giip, I don't know what it may be.
At "Poverty Corner" the man with the
shiny frock coat and the old top hat, who
wm pointed out to me as a celebrity of
by-gone days, as on© who In the olden
times awoke the echoes of famous ojd
Drury In the character of Marc Antony,
Inspired me with the greatest compassion
—more than the youngster, although pale
and gaunt, whose look was one of rebel
lion acalnst the world that refused to give
him a chance. For surely It Is more to
•"have been" than never to be. The un
successful climb toward unexplored
heights I cannot picture as a circum
stance compared with the madness and
despair of slipping away from heights
that once have been attained.
At "Poverty Corner" a woman hangs out
these bright September days who years
a|o had hoped to thrill th<« world as the
Ideal Juliet. Hera was to have been an
Intellectual Interpretation. Bhe studied
passionate kisses with all tbe scientific
taihusi&em of Pasteur diagnosing rabies.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
J. Carter Ecarrt. !n an Interesting artlcis
In Truth, tells of the wonderful animals
peculiar to the Galapagos Archipelago, in
the Pacific Orean, and mentions amtms
others, the Galapagos sea lizard, which,
to quote the author, ta a lineal descen-
Black Galapagos
Sea Lizard.
3
Orctrd Poverty Cbrcpc
>c |oodoo HatJOt of :^3l^i
lincmDlovcd Actons<w The Wonderful Wizard of Oz," by li.
Frank Baum, with pictures . by W. W.
Denslow (the creators of "Father Goose:
His Book"), was published September. 1
by the George M. Hill Company of Chi
cago and New York. The book* is in every
way novel and unique. In size it is about
9x7 inches, with 275 pages'. The binding !d
of cloth of a peculiar light green stamped
with a grotesque design In dark green and
red. There are twenty-four full-page il
lustrations, lnsertB on enamel paper, in
many colors, and 150 text Illustrations
printed in 'six different colors. In accord
ance with a color plan set forth", In the
fstory. Some of the effects are decidedly
original and the color scheme adds greatly
to the book. *
The" principal character ia "The' Won-
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz.
The composition of the Boer army, their
military system, army organization and
In referring- to th« Boer army as consisting;
at no time of more than 30,000 armed men. I
speak with the assurance of belns right. Mr.
Douglas Story of tho London Dally Mall. Mr.
Thomas F. . Mlllard of the New York Herald.
Mr. John O. Knight of the San Francisco Call,
and I visited all , the , principal laaeers and
commandos on the various frontiers, and mad«
earnest efforts to secure an accurate account of
th« number of men engaged. We had th* ««•
¦istancaof to* War. Department and all the
generals, but even with their help the results
never exceeded Su.000 burarhers In the Held.
What the author has to say regarding
the number of Boers In the field will prob
ably come as a revelation to those who
imagined the burgher army of any great
strength.
Howard C. IJIllegas, In his recent book.
"The Boers in War," 'gives a picture of
men and matters as they presented them
selves to the eyes of an American. Mr.
Hillegas is undoubtedly pro-Boer In his
Ideas, but this does not prevent his giving
a very readable and fair account of tho
Boer army, country v and people as they
existed prior to tho British occupation of
Pretoria.
The Boers In War.
whole&ome life, with sufficient Incident to
sustain the interest, and drollery enough
to amuse. A young lady from the city,
who is, however, vastly more worthy and
useful than the typical "summer girl,"
is a very prominent character, and by her
skillful tfforts, brings better enjoyments
to, the community than they have ever
known, thus showing what those fortun
ately situated may do if. they choose, as
well as furnishing much of the movement
of tho story- (Published by Lee & Shep
ard, Boston. .Price, Jl.
Rosa Kewmarch's book, on ,. the- , great
composer Tchaikovsky, while It does not
pretend to be a biography. in the generally
accepted sense of . the word, : nevertheless
is probably the best work on the musician
yet published. . '. The book will ,be .wel
comed -by literary, % people, but more
especially by those who have a yearning
toward music and appreciate . the .work
of the masters. It! seems strange that
in the case of a man so great as Tchai
kovsky, . six ; years ;' ehould have • elapsed
since . his ; death and , still no adequate
biography '. of i his , life has . been " printed.
This reason probably ) lies In , the fact of
the immense correspondence of the ¦ com-
TcbalKovsKy-
Filled as It is with personal . reminis
ences. and experiences. • with the fresh,
vigorous. spirit of out-of-door-life no bet
ter book can bo found to place in the
hands of naif-grown boys. The. work*con
tains much useful information' about . the
gold region, the flora ' and' the. fauna.
(Published by Little, Brown &¦ Co., Bos
ton. Price, 1150.) " • /; !
The Dalton trail. la*t year but little known,
may fonn * become a much traveled highway.
WtUi a United States Karrlson a t Pyramid and
tho village of Klukwan a bone of contention
between the governments of this country and
Canada! tho region which it traverses is com-
Iiik more and more Into notice. I would only
ailrl that natural Tea tures, «c*n»ry and people
have been described faithfully, however -In
adeyuately. and the story throughout is based
upon rral happenings. Should any of my your.,?
rorulers ! ass over tho trail to-day In the "foot
«ep3 of David and Roly.' they would find, save
for possible vandalism of Indians or whites,
the cabins on the North Alsek and in the Kah
Sha gorge just as they areplctured. and they
would be sure of a welcome from Lucky, Long
I'cter and Coffee Jack.
Pauline, an t obscure orphan, is filled
with an overruling passion to be some
body In the world, and begins to see her
way when she goes as companion to Lady
Wynston, a weak little woman/whose life
is made miserable by a brute- of a hus^
band. The Wynstons are. very wealthy;
and have a beautiful home In London. Sir
George Wynston Is a low character, with
not, even wit to make him bearable, and
his wife is wholly uninteresting and
drowns her sorrows In drink. They enter
tain, the best people and the commonest
gamblers. Pauline has obscure friends in
Germany and Russia, who keep her . In
formed of the most important political
news, known, only to the highest In
authority. She gets the news for thepur
pose of attracting Stuart Grant, the for
eign secretary, who -has earned many
laure;s. Altogether the situations ar«
most improbable.
The book will probably be popular with
a certain class of .readers, but those who
are looking for the best In plot." character
and good English "-will not turn further
down his crabbed nature, attends to his
business nnd nurses him in his sickness,
is most charmingly told and the effect of
tho whole is that she finally accomplishes
her object in a most successful way and
proves" that her success is at least equal
to what, might be 'reasonable expected of
n boy under similar circumstances. (Pub
lished by Lee & Shepard, Boston. Price
$1 25.) ' _-¦¦
The Progress of Pauline Kesslzr.
u 'In "Tho Progress of; Pauline Kessler"
Mr. Carrel has endeavored: to .create a
Becky Sharpe heroine in Pauline. Al
though Ije has succeeded :ln> drawing a
shrewd, unprincipled young woman, she
falls wide of the mark of brilliancy.
"Dames and Daughters of C<>l-)nl.-U
Days." by Gcraldino P.rooks. Is a valuable
contribution to the historical literature of
America. The selection of characters,
the method In which they are intro
ducVl, the vivacity of treatment and tho
naturalness of presentation. combine to
make a book of. substantial merit, un
questionable Interest and- charming indi
viduality. From 'Anne Hutchlnson. first
of Anverican clubwomen, to'- Mistress
Sally Wister/, most charming o-f colonial
diarists, the ten women selected as typical
dames and daughters, admirably por
tray the phases of life whl«jh marked the
progress of our colonial era, from the
sternness of the earliest days to the more
cultured strenuousnesa of revolutionary
times. "This advance • is : well shown in
Miss Brooks', excellent collection 'of nar
rative sketches, and, apart from the life
and sparkle of. her style, the book Itself
has an educative as well as a personal
value. The dames and daughters who are
given place are: Anne Hutchinson of . the
Bay Colony; Madame La Tour of Acadla,
Margaret Brent of Maryland. * Madam
Sarah Knight of Massachusetts and Con
necticut, Eliza Luca3 of the Carollnas,-
Mart? > Washington of Virginia, Abigail
Adar./> of Massachusetts/* Betsey Schuy
ler of New York and Deborah Norria and
Sally Wister of ¦ PehnsyVvania. All sec
tions of the colonies and . all phases of
colonial life are thus represented. . Tho
author is a daughter of Elbridge S.
Brooks, the well-known writer of his
toricai books for youns Americans. (Pub
lished by Thomas Y. Crowell & Co., New
York. Price, $1 50.) .
Dan)2s and Daughters of Co'onial
** Days.
public schools: full information from the
largest hospitals dn tho necessary steps
for becoming a trained nurse; courses o*
study necessary for the woman lawyer,
doctor, preacher, dentist, and eo .through
tho whole list.
Alternate chapters throughout tho book
give valuable advice on 'the subjects con
sidered by successful workers in their own
fields and by the best classical and mod
ern writers. (Published by Thomas -Y.
Crowell & Co.. New York. Price $1 DO.)
DONEGAL FAIRY STORIES— By Seumai
MacManus. McClure. Phillips A Co.. New
York. J100.
THE ARCHBISHOP AND THE LADY-Bjr
Mrs. Schuylor Crownlnshteld. McClure, Plsi:^
lips & Co.. New York. U 50.
THE CIRCULAR STUDT— By Anna Kathar
ine Green. McClute. Phillips Sc. Co.. New York.
$1 23.
THE QUEEN VERSUS BILLY—By Lloyd
Osbonrae. Charles Scrlbner's Sons. New York.
51 &)¦
THE VERY YOUNG MAN AND THE AN
GEL CHILD— By Ellsa Armstrong. VoAga
Publishing Company. San Francisco and New
York. OS •
FOR MY MUSICAL FRIEND— By An'bertine.
Woodward Moore. Dodge Publishing Company.
ISan Francisco and New York. Jl *s.
TINY TUNES FOR TINY PEOPLE— By Ad
rtlscn F. Andrews. Dodge Publishing Company,
tsan Francisco and New York. ;i w.
WOUNDS IN THE RAIN— By Stephen
Craae. Frederick A. Stokes Company. New
York, n TO-
AN ALPHABET OF INDIANS— By Emery
Leverett Williams. R. II. Russell. New Tork.
V «0. . - .. -
. A NEW WONDERLAND— By I* Frank
Bauzn. R. H. Russell. New York. Jl SO.
CONSEQUENCES- BrEeerton Castle. Fred
erick A. Btokes Company. New York, tl 50.
SONS OF THE COVENANT— By Samuel Oor
flon. Th« Jewish Publication Society of Amer
ica.
THE PRINCIPLES OP MECHANICS-Py
Frederick Slate, professor, ot physics la th»
University of California. The Macmillan Com
pany. New York. Part I. 51 90.
NELI.A. THE HEART OF TH3 ARMY-By
Philip Verrlll Mighels. R, F. Fenno & Co
New York. Jl 53. .»? ¦
AN AMERICAN GIRL'S TRIP TO THE
ORIENT AND AROUND THE WORLD-Hy
Christine Collbran. Rand. McNally & Co. New
York. 11 13.
LYRICAL VIGNETTES— Ey F.V.'jT.' Paint
er. Slbley & DucUer. Boston.
PARADISE REGAINED— By John Milton.
Cassell's National Library, New York. la
paper lCc.
In a recent Issue Of the New York
World, In an article on "Bablsts," a n-.-w
Oriental eect. the statement was mad**
that Miss Lilian Whiting,, tie author of
"The World Beautiful." Is a believer in
"Bubism." and one of the latest to re
turn from' Syria. " As the publishers of
Miss -Whiting's' books, Messrs. Little.
Brcwn & Co. desire to state that this
assertion is absolutely unfounded. Miss
Whlttntr had never even heard the nam«
of "Bablsvn" until her return from Paris.
and she has never been to Egypt or Syria,
but divided last winter between- Rdme and
Florence. She was born and bred in Ufa
Episcopal communion, to which faith sha
Is unfalteringly allied.
The publication of Grace Gallatln Seton-
Thompson's "A .Woman Tenderfoot." has
been delayed for reasons gratifying al-ka
to the author and to the publishers,
Doubleday. Page & Co. Ecjcg a first
work an edition of five thousand copies
was reckoned sufficient to meet the initial
demand, but this v.-ould not fill the ad
vance orders and the presses axe now at
work on a second supply— this before tha
book has been placed upon the market.
Mrs. Seton-Tbompscn has been the com
panies of her husband, the nrtlst-author.
In many of his expeditions, and she writes
of outdoor life in the West from first-hand
knowledge and with no small degree of
charm. Many of the illustrations whlen
accompany her book and add to its at
tractiveness were drawn by her husband.
Books Received.
CUTJKCH FOLKS - Rjr Dr. JohnWatioa
("Ian Maclaren"). Doubleday, X*a*e & Co..
New York. . Jt 23. ;'. ¦• ,. :".^
Dodd, Head & Co. have Just published
Dobson's "Life of Fielding"; Paul Leices
ter Ford's "Wanted: A \Matehmaker," Il
lustrated by Christy; "Wonders -of Na
ture," by Esther Singleton; Marlon. Har
l?.nd's "Dr. Dale"; an Illustrated edition
of Miss Harraden's "Ships That Pasa in.
the Nlsht"; Chester HolcOmbe's -The
Real Chinese Question"; Dr. Bradford'3
"The Return of Christ"; a book- of poems
by Frederick Crowninshield, illustrated in
heliotjpe; Miss Armstrong's edition of
Browning's "Pippa' Passes" ; "Strinstown
on the Pike." a Kentucky noveU toy John
Url Lloyd, and a new edition of "Robin
son Crusoe." : J.;^ -;„,.. ,.. .
Little, Brown & Co. have In press
"The World's Discoverers — the Story oi
Bold Voyages by Brave Navigators Dur
ing a Thousand Years." by William Henry
Johnson, author of "Tho King's Hencfc
r|ian.'* ' '
A new and final edition of. Herbert Spen
cer's "First Principles" la to be published
immediately by D. Appleton & Co.
A London critic has saJd. "In looking at
the "First Principles," one la struck by
the erudition, tho splendid capacity of
lucid exposition, the richness of the illus
trations and other gifts, som« never be
fore possessed by any philosophical
writer." It la interesting to remember
that the first lines of this book were writ
ten forty years ago. and the author haa
lived to supply the final amendments.
Literary Notss.
There is a" IiUIe study of the Old Gen
tleman among his books which . makes
him stand out ns no other character in
the volume does. Wo recognize him when
we are tol'd that:
"He had that delightful art of,eridowlng
books of. which he talked witn a certain
personality which made them seem like
living beings. He did not quote books so
much as tie. made them speak for them
r-elvcs. In his mouth they were not books,
but the men who wrote them. He had
evidently lived with them much. He
brought their authors in and made them
ialk with you." (Published by Charles
Scribner's Sons. New York. Price $1 50.)
r|eavei)'s Distant Lamps.
Miss Mack has already shown herself
possessed of a most discriminating liter
ary taste, as well as' a profound acquaint
ance with the masterpieces of the poetry
of our language by her remarkably popu
lar collection of love poems, the widely
known "Because I Love You." She has
now U5*>d her talent in an even more noble
and sympathetic way by compiling a well
chosen collection of pcems of comfort and
hope, happily named from a quotation.
"Heaven's Distant Lamps." j The contents
are arranged In thirteen sections, each
prefaced by a short quotation, the senti
ment of which elves the keynote to the
poems of that division. Thus the theme
of the first section is seen tu be bereave
ment, of the next comfort, then submis
sion, prayer, resignation, each group be
coming more £rand and strong in its tone
until the closing division, wiiich is given
up to poems of the resurrection and" para
dise. It would be very difikuk to (Uid a
nobler £et of authors, or a worthier selec
tion of extracts from their verse, and cer
tainly no such anthology of comfort. tru.= t
and hope ha? ever been prepared. The
appearance of the volume in its dress of
white, blue and gold is daintily attractive.
i Published by Lee &. Shopard, Boston.
Price *1 50.)
The Stcry of Aloncy.
When Questions long disputed' are under
public consideration and the controversy
assails the ears of every man so that
none can escape from it there is always
a considerable number who desire above I
all things to find some man with derided
views on every issue In disjiute who px
presses himself with vigor, who admits
no right or reason on tlse side of those
who differ from h!m, and establishes his
judgment with all the firmness cf one who
toierates no appeal. Such persons who
may be wearied, with the free silver con
troversy will find pleasure in a book by
Edward C. Towne entitled "The Story of
Money."
Elcrr)2r)ts of Latir)
. Mr. Towne does not wait even to make
a beginning of his argument before anni
hilating his adversaries. He does. that in
his "foreword." and the quality of his
work may be estimated by what he says
there. A single paragraph will sufllce.
Referring to the proposed free coinage of
silver at the ratio of 16 to .1. he says:
"No Instance in history ran bo brought tc
parallel tho rascal stupidity cf a scheme
involving such an offer, and with proR
ress and prosperity so immensely ad
vanced since 1835. the crash of a Bryan
experiment of 'fool fury' in finance would
be worse than a'.l the costs and miseries
of the Civil War. If any possible advan
tage could be expected from either free
silver legislation • and administration
thereafter, or free silver now. the mad
ness of 16 to 1 would be less extreme than
it is. But no possible advantage can be
imagined except upon a basis of hoodlum
ignorance yr of rascal indifference to truth
and fact."
There are 24S pages In the bock and all
are about as vigorous as the foreword.
Any one who wishes to Fee how the silver
question can be taken out of the domain
of disputed things and settled upon the
ground of morality will find the book in
teresting. Mr. Towne is in favor of what
he calls "gold, bimetallism"— that Is to
say, "gold the standard or measure of
value and silver subsidiary." (Published
by G. W. Dilllnghcim Company, New
There has just been published "Ele
ments of Latin" by William R. Harper.
Ph. D.. D.D.. I>L. D., president of the
University of Chicago, and Isaac B. Bur
gess, A.M.. Academy of the University of
Chicaco, formerly of the Boston Latin
School. A text book by two men so well
and favorably known to students of Latin
cannot fail to be appreciated. The ar
rangement, grading, scope and ty
pography of the present volume are all
excellent. 'In the introductory lessons
\ there are .given carefully selected
forms and rules, so that when
the text of Caesar Is taken up
no large number of .new forms or
syntactical rules will meet the pupil. The
pupil Is early introduced to the connected
text of Caesar, which accords, with the
practice of the best Latin Instructors of
the present day. The text covers the in
vasions jA. Britain and other historical
parts of Caesar and has been selected es
pecially for Its simplicity and Interest.
Special attention is given to. the'vocabu
lary and new words are compared with
those previously learned. Frequent re
views are made by means of abundant
easy exercises. A brief summary of the
inos-t important forms Is given after "the
lessons. (Published by the American'
Book Company, New York. Price," }1.)
Readings Frorn California Poets.
The Whltaker & Ray Company, has pub
lished In" paper form a collection of read
ings from .California poets. The selec
tions were made by Edmund Russell, and
the collection grew -out of a studio evening
devoted to California verse writers. The
book is one that Ehould be a great help In
high school English classes, for the selec-
tions are carefully chosen and will not fall
to awaken interest in our own poets, wHo
have written so artistically of the beau
ties of California. The book would be
more complete it it contained more of Ed
ward Rowland Sill's poems, for his verses,
aside from responding to an appreciation
of our Western surroundings, are English
gems. * * ' v >. , .
There is a short quotation from Alice
Edward Pratt's "Sleeping Princess," a
poem which should be familiar to every
Callfornian. ¦ •
Joaquin Miller 1b well represented with
his pictures of pioneer life and golden
sunsets." - ;
•Tin a land eo far that you wonder whether
E'en God would know it should you {all down
breather.
dead; , :-J :- -V"»
'Tls a land eo far through the wild* and
That the run falls weary and flunhcd and red.
That the sea and the «ky seem coming together.
Seem, closing together as a book that lc read.
• • ¦ •
Oh! the land of the wonderful «un ana weather.
With green under foot and with sold overhead.
Where the eun takes flame and you wonder
whether
,'Tla an Isle of fire in his foamy bed:
Where the ends of the earth they "are welding
together
In rough-hewn fashion, la a forge-flame red.
There are several of Bret Harte's poems,
two of Markham's, a few of John Vance
Cheney's and eelectlons from all of our
minor poets. This book will have fulfilled
lu mission when It creates a desire for a
tcarred beech shaded his tangled yard"
we inspiration* for Christy's pastels.
A* a rula the clothes of the book, like
the clothes of the man, are significant.
By way cf exception, a stylishly clad vol
timc irsucs from the pen of Thomas Nel
eon Page, the pencil of Howard Chandler
Christy and the press of Charles Scrib
m-r's Sons. It is very dainty and very
well bred an«J very insipid.
The first p-ees promise a light love
Btorjr, flendcr but pretty. The. end fails
of ever, that promise. An uninteresting
S'oung lawyer having falle.n In love pro
ceeds to crow jealous, and not Jealous In
a Spanishlllte and blazing way at mat,
but In a way that causes him to wobble
gently between thn questions whether he
Is abused or abusing. Re-enter the Old
Gentleman of the Black Stock, who. be
fore dying, tells the story of how he loved
end lost her mother, whereupon a gush
cf emotion brings together the timid
ycui!R lawyer and his beloved.
There are little gems of thought and
phrasing scattered through this very life
less story." The suggested pictures of tho
"Ancient Town through which the Old
Gentleman cf the Black Stock movefc
p-avely In the years when the \ lover-
Stock..
CTRUS TOWNSEND EttADY hss
made a noticeable: addition to the
"Great Commanders Merles" by
\ his life of Cominctivrc Paul
Jones. Perhaps no hero of mydorn times.
If we except the treat Napoleon, has
proved a more popular subject for the
biographer Than VmvX Jones, no less than
fifteen persons nft.vins> t-ssayed to write
the story of his life. Mr. Brady labors
under one diirrnlvantage in having placed
his bock before th* public contemporane
ously with tho more pretentious work or.
the sar.jc subject by Augustus C Buell.
While the latter author has through
conscientious research succeeded in jjtv-
Inc as nn authoritative and in most re
«-p<*cts admirable picture of the gr» at
sailor. Mr. lirady has endowed his sub
ject with a charm that appeals directly
to tho general reader. As he states in his
preface. he began his work with an ar
dent admiration for the character of his
subject He has endeavored, however, to
my aside this predisposition in his favor
nr.d te absolutely a:id strictly impartial,
lie frunUly adiis, however, that if he has
erred In Jor.es' iavor he is plad that he
has followed tiie impulses of affection
lather than those of deprecation.
Mr. Brady's associations a::<l the naval
uimosphcre In which he has . ii\«M tor
years are perhaps accountable in a degree
for his expressed bias. Be that as It may,
no American can find . fault with the
author.
No m&n was more vilely slandered In
h\h lifetime than Paul Jones, and It is sur
prising that even to the present day there
ere to be found writers so blinded by
prejudice as to asperse his memory. It is
unnecessary to say that these men are of
British birth and appear to be still smart
ing under the wound inflicted upon the
jiational pride by that affair off Klambor
oush Head more than a century ago.
The sincerity and admiration for his
subject is shown by Mr. Brady when he
say*-:
""It is all so mournful in some strange
way. In Fpite of his glory and his hero-
Ism, in spite of his strenueus life and his
strugglinss, the note that lingers In my
mind as 1 write these concluding words 1?
one of radnrss. I read of hopes that
brought no fruition, of plans made and
abandoned, cf opportunities that could
rot be embraced, of great attempts frus
trated by Inadequate means, of triumphs
forgotfn. I see a great life that might
have been greater, a man of noble quali
ties marred by petty faults, and yet I love
him. I cannot tell why exactly, but the
¦ttcrde of Solomon come into my mind as
the little captain appears before me dying 1
of a broken heart, fretted away— Vanltas
Yankatern." (Published by D. Appleton
& Co.. New York. Price $150.)
Trje Story of the Alphab-.t.
"The Story of the Alphabet" In the
eifrhtfenth volume in the series issued by.
the Appletons known as the "Library of
t ?ef ul Stories." It shows the infinite
pains and struggles through which the
human mind has worked in its efforts to
express itself on paper, and gives ex
amples of many of the hundreds of differ
ent sylcms of picture writing: which have
been used at various times by different
nice? for the purpose of recording or com
municating facts.
- a moni? the different heads treated are,
first, the beginnings of the alphabet,
v hlch were memory aids purely mnemonic
ii character, as notches in a stick, knots
in a cord or beads on a string; then the
pictorial illustrations which gradually
ovoived into the ideogram and finally, as
The sound jrrew familiar, became phonetic.
Chinese. Japanese and Korean scripts
are explained at sufficient length to make
them more interesting to :hose who have
looked u;>on them as mere arbitrary hen
tracks, for it appears that the greater
jurt of the Chinese characters ."re true
p'ctugraphs, and are so used fn some
places, while in others they are associated i
with modifying characters which Jndi- '
cate that they -ire phonograms.
Cuneiform wntir.g of the Phoenicians
and hieroglyphs of the Egyptians are il
lustrated and explained. A chapter Is
given to the Roseita stone, which was the
connecting link between the narrow and
inflexible picture writings of the past a.nd
the. arbitrary but unlimited alphabet of
the present. All through the book are
characteristic reproductions of Indian pic
mre writings, copied from painted rocks
and pieces of tree bark, on which the In
dians put their histories rtnd letters re
spectively. (Published by D. Appleton &
Co.. New Turk. Price 40 cents.)
In Defense of the F'°9
•'ln Defense of the Flag," by Elbridge
S. Brook?, tells the story of life In Spain
at the outbreak of the Spanish-American
war. when official residents or visiting
Americans were set upon by Spanish
mebs and placed in jeopardy by Spanish
Ignorance. The hero Is the plucky son of
an American Consul, who defies the mob
that assaults the consulate, and by a
series of logical happenings and natural
adventures faces tho fcemen of his nation
in Spain, is on Admiral Corvera's fleet
when it leaves the Cape Verde Islands,
crosses the ocean to Martinique and Cura
coa and finally runs into Santiago, where
he tears a raft In the great sea fight
that practically closed the war. The book
1s not to much :i v.-ar story 33 a story of
adventure, and there ar/; in it adventures
galore— Just such u healthy boys and girl?
who love Fteries of action, endeavor and
surprise dcMght to read. Hut behind the
.ttcry 1« the fcacUground of actual condi
•Tior.? that existed in Spain and on board
the much -feared fleet cf Spain as they
have never been seen in sketch or story.
Incidentally the story Introduces as a
sub-hero an Enslish iad of pluck and per
f.iste:ic«~a thoroughly good chap v.-hom
yoens readers will all like, as they must
o'.so admire the two charming American
giris who play an important part in the
tale. The book is an admirable compan
ion to the breezy story of "With Lawton
Rnd Roberts." The illustrations by
Slechor ere full of Ectiov.. Some of them
erf chown on this page. (Published by
The L<othrcp Ccuipany. Boston. Price
fi 21)
The Old Gentleman of the BlacK
It Is refreshing to turn from Juvenile
war books and startling stories with sen
sational plots to a pleasing, wholesome
tale of genuine girl-life, especially if the
book be an exceptionally pretty one. as
"Randy's Summer" certainly is. Miss
Amy Brooks, the author, has illustrated
books for others, and gives ten specimens
of her very best work to beautify her
own book. Randy, the heroine, is ! a
pretty country girl of 14. and Prue. her
dear little mischief-making sister, who oc
cupies; almost as prominent place In the
story as Randy herself. Is much younger.
The story of their summer is one of plain,
Randy's Surrjmcr.
poser, whose letters are said to be num
bered by thousands.
The author of- the present work gives
a concise. and sympathetic account of the
life and works of Tchaikovsky. She then
considers him In the light of a musical
critic, although In this capacity he is
hardly so interesting, for as he hlmsel.
said, great composers are rarely gifted
with an infallible critical Jnstlnt. The
book closes, with Tchaikovsky's diary of
his tour In 1S8S; in addlti6n is given a list
of his works and a facsimile of the open
ing bars from the overture. "1812." from
MS. In the possession of P. Turgen30n.
Moscow. (Published by John Lane. New
York. Price. 51 50.)
more extended knowledge of the poets of
our State. (Published by the Whltaker &
Kay Company, San Francisco. Price 25
., „ helps for Ambitious Girls
"Helps for Ambitious Girls," by William
Urysdale. aims to. fill the same high place
in -assisting girjs to select a calling as was
taken almost immediately by the "Helps
for Ambitious Boys" last year^ In giving
like information to boys. After treating
of a girl's health, education, dress and
demeanor, and the all-important knowl
edge of the-care of a household, the work
takes up suc-c'essively the training: and
prospects of the . teacher,,' the trained
nurse, the woman lawyer, iphysiclan and
preacher, the musician, the artist, the
writer, the. newspaper woman, the den
tist, the politician, the stenographer and
typewriter, the farmer and flower grower,
the dressmaker, the milliner, the domestic
worker, the photographer. • the business
woman and the- telegraph operator*. In
each of these employments the drawbacks
are pointed out as well as the induce
ments.
An important part of the work is the
practical information In almost every sub
ject about wherft to turn. Tho require
ments for admission to leading colleges
for girls are shown at length; the courses
of study for expectant teachers in the
derful Wizard" is a littl* girl named Dor- '
othy, who with her dosr Toto Is carried
by a cyclone. from Kansas to the strange
and beautiful; land 'of Ot. '¦ , Here she de
cides to visit the Emerald City to ask its.
ruler, the wonderful wizard Oz, to send
her back home again, I On the way she
meets a scarecrow, who is in search of
brains,' ; a tin woodman, who ' wishes a.
heart, and^ a cowardly lion, whose one de
sire Is to possess courage. • ,'. ,
The little party encounter many dan
gers and marvelous adventures on the
way, but reach the Emerald City in safe
ty their success being due to the thought
fulness of the scarecrow, the tender care
of the tin; woodman and the fearlessness
of the; cowardly, lion. (Price $1 50.) ,
-V .*»... ¦» • *¦ ¦."¦-¦;
f I roost, as Good, as a Boy. ¦ "
"Almost as Good as a Boy,",, the new.
Juvenile by Miss Douglass, will prove one'
of the most' attractive books -of the sea
son, especially so as It fills a place
It is hardest to get good books, namely,'
for girls 15 years 'old and upward. Miss
Douglass tells the responsibility falling
upon a young girl, in whose case It might
at first have seemed that she would bet
ter have been a boy in order to give the
necessary assistance ,to' her family;- ho'w
the girl leaves home to go. to. a distant
city and . work , ; for an. uncle— how 8he :
overcomes hla antipathy to girls, smooths
than the first page. (Published by L C.
Page & Co., Boston. Price $1 50.)
¦' i » . - ¦ ;
Gold-SeekJog on the Dalton Trail
Nothing is . better for a boy than the
reading of a book of good, wholesome ad
venture; a book that will hold his atten
tion by" its /interesting plot or thrilling
events and 'at the same-time instruct him
along some particular line of history or
exploration. - Witness the great number
of works -for boys on the war In South
Africa, the trouble In the Philippines, the
days of r the Revolution,* etc.: all of them
with' enough story to hold' the attention
and with ¦ a certain historical accuracy
¦sufficient' to be of educational value. •
¦One of the best works of this. class for
the year is -"Gold Seeking on the Dalton
Trail." -by Arthur R. Thompson. The
'Klondike and the far north have been
rather" neglected for. Juvenile readers, but
the present work mbre than makes up
for the discrepancies of, the past. It tells
of- the adventures of two boys, accom
panied by their father and uncle, who
made a trip along the Dalton 1 trail toward
•the Klondike. A splendid feature of the
book is the numerous illustrations repro
duced from excellent photographs of ac
tual Bcenes on the trail. • : , .•
I Mr. Thompson guarantees the authen
ticity of his writings as follows; '
The book is written in a popular vein,
is easy of comprehension, most Interesting
and Instructive, and will appeal to tha
general reader as well as to the student.
(Published by D. Appleton & Co.. New
York. Price. $120.)
The book treats of animals from tha
polr;t of view of the student of animal
life, who -wishes to know why animals
are In structure and habits as they are. It
teaches that tha whole life of animals—
that all the variety of animal form and
habit— Is an expression of th© fitness ot
animals to- the varied circumstances and
conditions of their, living, and that thl«
adapting and flttlnz of their life to tha
conditions of living cosno about Inevitably
and naturally, and that It can be readily
studied and largely understood. In this
kind of study of animals every observa
tion of a fact In animal structure or bo
havlor feads to ,a search for the signifi
cance, or meaning In the life of the ani
mal, of this fact. .
Its aid to Independent thought Is the
good point about the recent book by David
Starr Jordan, the president .of Iceland
Stanford Jr. University, and Vernoa
L. Kellogg, professor in the same insti
tution. This work is on "Ar.lraal Life, or
A First Book In Zoology." The object of
the book Is to put the student^ of zoology
on the right track, to have tee beginner
se© with his own eyes from the com
mencement of his work.
Scientific books which tend to make the
beginner an. Independent observer and
thinker cannot be too highly praised. A
fact that a student deduces for himself
is never forgotten, while- any amount of
valuable information 1 may be poured lr.to
the. average ear. learned by heart and
then slowly but surely filtered out of th.3
other ear. leaving the m:nd as blank ar.d
free as If the memorv had never been
taxed.
the Boer women in the war have never
been so well covered In any other volume.
The . author's incidents of the war are
especially interesting.
The -work is well Illustrated with excel
lent half-tone reproductions. (Published
by-D. Appleton & Co., New York. Price.
$150.) •
Animal Life.
THE SUNDAY CAIA.
BOOK REVIEWS
AND LITERARY CHAT
4hand-worked mottoes, "What 13 Home
Without a Moth'er." and the like. Instead
he tacked up a lithograph battle scene" In
the Philippines and a picture of McKin
ley. James evidently believes In the full
dinner pall. One of the ' tablets in the
vault is chiseled, "Rest in peace." Time
has covered the letters. with mold and
dust. But James brushed up' the word
"peace" till It stood cut bravely again.'
• . .- . ¦ < v* -:«»¦
Surrounded tius, he slumbered quietly '
with, peace above his head and the dcaC
resting quietly around him.
Coffins to right of him. coffins to left
of # him did not disturb his slumbers nor V
spoil his appetite." During the day he
begged food and stocked his larder in the*
vault. Funereal urns that once held flow- ••
ers' were made to do duty as receptacles
for food. . James rigged up a little tabl*
FOR nearly two months Thomas
James lived In B cemetery vault,
o surrounded by grpwsome coffins,
chilly marbles and Hcres of
He was arrested the other day while en
}oyln£ a morning nan In thj vault, torn
from his comfortable couch between two
moldy coffins and h'-sUetl uncerema
r.ioufJy to jail. At present he is :t?rvin?
a thirty-day sentence for trespassing-. The
mar.agt rs of Calvary Cemetery don't v/ar.t
homeless citizens, hoboos or lunatics to
begin the fashion of taking up resi
dences in ti'eli-ventilated and spacious
family vaults. The j>eace and dignity of
the ilead Bust not be disturbed.
To Thomas James belongs the distinc
tion of having occupied the queerest and
uncanr.lcst bed chamber ever devise:! by
man. Imagine a "vault about ten feet
pquar<\ the wall?, celling- and floor of
cold pray Ftone. unbroken by any devics
pave where a heavy prilled- iron door pro
tcsttogly admits stray, chilly beams of
light. Around the lower sides are four
Inscribed tablets, almost illegible for
mH<3. where the dusty remains of peo
ple have been sealed for nearly half a
century. On the floor are two moldy cof
fins, which, for some reason, have long
since been removed from their crypts.
Such a place Is the Hensler vault, and
here cf all places on top of the good
creen earth Thomas James chose to live.
The exterior cf this vault is ona of the
handsomest In the cemetery, but the dead
owners, evidently left no means to keep
It tip, and the interior has been sadly neg
lected. Over the moldy floor are scat
tered dust and crumpled leaves that have
blown helter-skelter into the silent,
creepy place. The lock on the heavy iron
door Is broken and has been replaced by
a piece of common rope. So James did
not have to force his entrance. Looking
through this grilled Iron door is a pros
pect of close-cropped shrubbery and
patches of green, spotted with everlasting
tombstones, monoliths and mausoleums?^
And In this \tzre. forbidding vault
Thomas James ate and slept. By day he
moved with the living; at night he lay
cown with the skeletons of the dead.
"Afraid?" he repeated from behind the
prison bars; "what of? Those dead peo
ple couldn't be any deader than they
were, and they were so dead they couldn't
budge. Dead people are all rfeht; they're
the only kind I ever met that'll let you
alone. D'ye «uppose the deaders brought
me here?" with fine sarcasm. "Not much.
It was a cheeky. Interferin* cop who
won't te Oeccnt till he's dead, and dead a
long time. too. I wasn't afraid of spooks
and I had the piace out there fixed up
pretty comfortable. "
His comforts consisted of odds and ends
of burlap and carpet for bedclothing. He
didn't hang up any of those conventional
Germany is getting nervous over the
spread of leprosy In the empire. The Im
perial Board of Health has Just reported
that there were twenty-two known eases
of leprosy In Prussia last year. There
were also six cases which were suspected,
and are still under observation, and prob
ably some which have not been reported.
In the city of Hamburg ten cases were
found. In Mecklenburg-Sehwerin another
case was reported. In the Memel district
of Prussia the disease Is indigenous. The
Prussian Ministry for Religious and Med
ical . Affairs Is to make a. systematio
search for undiscovered casts.
ally steer clear of the marble .halls of
death— they're too suggestive. When they
feel an inclination to bunk for the night
their tastes incline to the warm side of
a steam pipe, the soft side of a lumber
pile, the cozy, corner of nn empty freight
car or a heat giving hole dug In the bunk
ers on the hay wharf. Only onco in San
Francisco's history has the tramp frater
nity ever broken this recordi and that was
when a brace of inspired hoboes discov
ered that a Pacific avenue family had
gone to the country for the summer, leav
ing the residence without a caretaker.
They pried open a rear door, made them
selves most familiarly at home, dined off
silver plates, drank rare wines, never
washed a dish and lived like Czars till a
servant happened to visit the house one
day; then they levanted and are probably
still recounting their good-luck story . to
their Incredulous . brethren, on .the road.
" ' Xhat' yicldc£t was the^ local high-water
¦ :
lAt'n a square of broken stone that had
fallen from a crypt, revealing the coffin
within. Hia banquet board decorated with
urns might better.; have been a festal
spread for the wraiths from beyond than
for the.livlng. But Thomas James has a
keen "appetite- and a well-behaved imagi
nation. No accusing spirits came to spoil
his contentment. , ,
"For a. stove he had adopted an old road
side device of trampdom and had cut out
one side of a Jive-gallon oil can; through
the' two'opposlte sides he had driven two
little. ir.on bars.. ;Thls Handy Andy stove
was'so arranged "that' with a few lighted
bits of wood under the bars It was war
ranted to . heat water for coffee. James
used to. light up and do his cooking at
night, so as not to . attract . the curious
attention of day Idlers. 1 * Graveyards' are
not much frequented at night, except by
spooks and spooneys. ¦ And as James per
tinently ¦ observed, -"Bpcoks mind '¦ their
1 -V, V ¦.....- ¦ . • ....--. - • *¦*.•
his children. He wanted to see how
brightly, the colored flame would burn, so
he lighted a little of the powder in 'his
own room and lay watching it ljare and
flicker until he fell asleep. The door was
closed, the window but slightly open, with
a' heavy screen between it and the bcu.
The man was dead when found, suffocated
as slowly and surely as though by the
aid of the famous charcoal burner of
France.
¦ The murderous pistol which "won't g3
off" is. famed for its deadliness, but the
"fiashlisht pistol" ef the amateur photog
rapher has yet to acquire a reputation of
this order. Yet an English girl had 'her
life snuffed out like a candle in the wind
because of oneof,the pistols a month or
so ago. The room which' she desired to
"snap" was; large and dark; her charge
o^ flashlight powder correspondingly
heavy. The "pistol" seemed determined
not to' behave as It should. After two or
three ineffectual efforts to discharge It
the girl raised the guileless looking In
strument to her face. "Bending close to
Investigate the Interior It "went off" sud
denly. A musket in the mouth could not
have blown off her head more effectually.'
DEATH OFTEN COMES FROM TRIFLES
Jjhffi EN and women die every day in
yyy/V. ways as peculiar as lncuropre
111&> \ hensible. The etory of the man
who, having traveled the world
o\-er. braved tropic dangers and arctic
vicissitudes and checkmated death In a
thousand ways and under a thousand dif
ferent disguises, came home to die by a
fall from his own doorstep. Is discounted
daily in actual life.
A Chicago woman talked herself to
death not long since. ' Literally and act
ually cut off her life span with her tongue
and her teeth. For over ten years she
had never stopped talking, by night or
day. asleep or awake. A nervous woman
and a great talker always she lost hti
mental balance a decade since and com
menced to talk without cessation. Grad
ually growing weaker she, yet talked the
more unceasingly. A particularly rapid
and voluble flow cf words left her, at las;..
literally "short of breath." She hai
talked herself into eternity.
Last year another Chicago woman, lean
ing over the rail of her back porch to look
Into the yard below, lost her balance and
tell, killing herself instantly. Another
woman severed an artery in her wrist
while peeling potatoes and also paid na
ture's last debt. A Denver man was not
long ago strangled by the loose rope o"
a clothesline flapping in a high wind. Hi
was adjusting the "line, which ran on pu—
leys set between the back porch and the
top of an adjacent building and the loose
end of the rope was blown around hi*
throat, twisted tightly, and carried far
out of his reach, the end becoming en
tar.gkd in another part of the line. The
unfortunate man was unable to loosen its.
grim embrace, the high wind being
stronger than "himself, and the pressure
caused by the wind slowly strangled him.
Another man swallowed a bit of the metal
with which he was endeavoring to patch
up a shabby picture molding and was
choked to death - also. This man had
served in the Clvn'and Spanish-American
wars and had followed the sea for many
years. Death claimed him, after threaten
ing Ineffectually many times. Just at the
time when no danger seemed at hand.
Through two smallpox epidemics and a
turn or two of yellow -fever a Southern
physician rendered magnificent service,
without even the threat of Illness for faim-
BclfJ Mending the broken baseball of a
boyish friend he pricked his "finger. The
leather had evidently become Imbued with
some polgonou's substance which the
needle. In pasting through It, carrffd into
the unconscious man's tirgcr. Blood nois
onlng, severe agony, death resulted.- Once
more the old Persian proverb is irresist
ibly brought to -mind. t
A little- child, a week or two ago, fell
Into a tub of scalding water and" was
drowned. "His mother had - set tubs V;
scalding wa.ter on the kitchen, floor eveiy
wash day since he had been born. Many
times they had been full. The tub which
killed. the poor baby only contained a lit
tle of the cruel -fluid." But. the baby swal
lowed just enough to kill him'. *¦- A St.
Louis man was drowned a little while ago
by falling head first Into the huge barre'
of water set to catch the drippings from
the eaves. The water was only about two
feet deep In the barrel, but the man. un
able to recover his footing or to upset
the. heavy barrel, was hastened Into an
other world. Last Fourth of July a man
was suffocated by, the fumes of the r fire
works he bad provided, for the delight oi
But with all Us advantages, who'd cara
to follow Jame^' fancy and choose a habi
tation In a graveyard?
icark of trampdom trying to sleep some
where outside a hay bunk till Ingenious
Thomas James cams along and pitched on
a creepy, forbidding cemetery vault. "I
was walking in the graveyard one day.*
he explained, "and I saw the vault door
was only tied. *I went Inside and I
thought it would be a good place to sleep
because no one'd bctber me. So I made
up a bed and turret! in."
He certainly did, for the policeman
caught him asletp in it. He was rlanked
by a grewsome co£in on either side. Un
der a motley collection of bedclothing and
wholly oblivious of the sheeted ghosts
that might be gibbering without, unmind
ful of the squeaking specters near by that
might be plotting to freeze hl3 blood with.
horror, quite heed'.ess of the spooks o*
millionaires in adjacent mausoleums who
ml^ht be indignantly protesting against
any untidy tramp invading: their exclusive
sleeping quarters, this strange man
wrapped the ragged draperies of his coach
about him and, sustained and soothed by
an unfalterable trust In his own indom
itable nerve, he lay down to pleasant
dreams. He snored peacefully through
the still watches of the night till a rude
policeman clubbed him into a wakefulness
and carted him eff to a common Jail.
For nearly two months he had lived,
there and he might bs> living there now,
quiet and undisturbed, had it not been,
for his passion for cleanliness. And clean*
liness, according to savants and joke
smiths, i3 a very unusual trait among
tramps, but as was said before. Thomas
James of Butte. Mcnt., la not an ordinary
tramp and is a very unusual man else he
wouldn't have preempted a vault for
a residence. His presence there was ac
cidentally discovered because he hung his
wash in back of the vault to dry in the
sun. The extraordinary sight of a weekfs
wash hung outside a vault occupied by
people long slr.ee dead simply dynamited
the attention of an unobtrusive police
man. Besides the flagrant rags flapping 1
In the gleeful air were in a quarter cf the
cemetery assigned exclusively to the
purse-proud rich and the most obtuse
passerby knew no vault tenant In that
aristocratic section would be guilty of
doing his own wash. And that vulgar
wash cost James his home in the vault.
Instead he was given a cell in Jail.
James did not feel a single thrill of fear
during his two months' residence with,
the dead. His curiosity regarding the fu
ture waa tourded on one side by a cofflrt
bearing the urns Oiled with his provisions
and on the other sie'e by his bunk beslda
a companion coffin. His superstition never
strayed bevond the chance to eat and
sleep.
Within that narrow compass he glanced
unconcerned at dumfounded Fate and
sat nonchalantly between the coffins,
ready to shake Fortune for a cheese sand
wich or match with Destiny for the beer.
Not a Jot of Imagination had he. or h«
couldn't have taken up his residence la
such an uncanny place: He wouldn't
take ,any stock In the spirit manifesta
tions''of the Eddy sister3; he couldn't see
spooks with the Lick telescope: and he
wouldn't fancy snakes if he had the ca
pacity to hold the output of the whisky
trust.
""Why shouldn't I take it easy there?**
said James. "A man hasn't many chances
In life to be comfortable and he'd better
take "em while he can. Nobody bothered,
me when I was taking It easy In tmoac
them cofflns. There wasn't any landlord
kicking for his rent and any plumbers
to pay when the roof leaked. It had. its
easy side," and hs grinned cheerfully.
Bo It had. For James didn't have to pat
a sign "No peddlers" on the vault's door.
No "hello girl" ever rang him up at
drowsy eight hours. No landlord, no
taxes, no "at homes," nothing to do but
keep his back toward the dead and hia
eye peeled for the qulcX
Thomas James Is not a prepossessing
man and prison stripes do not add to hii*
looks. He is about 40 . years old, pale,
cadaverous, '.sadly In need of a shave
. and better suit cf clothes. A little over a
year ugo he was clerlclng in a Cutte.
Montana, drygoods store. He came out
here looking for work, but he hasn't found
It yet. When his funds began to run low
he hunted the cheapest places to eat and
sleep. When his money was gone it wa3
. a question of sleeping in the best place
. Providence Would furnish. That's the rea
son why he toolc ud his residence In the
Hensler vault in Calvary Cemetery. Of
course It was a very unusual selection for
a. homeless man -to make.- but Thomas
* James \>t Butte. Montana, is a very un
usual man.. Men in his circumstances and
peripatetic followers of the. hobo line usu-
So at nightfall, when, accord:^ to the?
poet, churchyards yawn and graves givo
up their dead, Thomas James ilunc pride
' the portal of Ms palazzio on Rcsei»u-1
avenue west. Calvary Cemetery, lit up
!:is coal oil stove full blast, cocked his
heels oil the nearest'.cofrin and feasted
right royally on the choicest handouts of
the season. A candle stuck in a beer
bottle supplied the light. The cit!:en«'
•wives, of the cemetery ward must be gen
erous vrfth tl.t-tr "hani»outs." The feast
of bread, bits cf cold meat and scraps of
pie being over James used to sweep clear
a space among 1 the uebrls of food and
there, by the light of the flickering tal
low dip. amuse himself with games of
solitaire. The envious grave tenants
roundabout might have longingly Inclined
to Join him In his. pastime, but Jame.3. as
behooved one living in such exclusive so
ciety, never do'gned to notice them, bu:
played his trumps to suit h!s own fastidi
ous taste. Ills cards, when found, were
well thumbed and greasy, betraying long
ustge.
yor:i business and gpooners don't see any
body except themselves.'
THE SUNDAY CALL.
MOST WEIRD BEDROOM
IN SAN FRANCISCO
5of fear. Infants had everywhere b'een
left. Bundles of silk and Jewelry which
had been, made up to be carried off were*
on the tables, floors, in halls, on aide
walks and streets. Just wherever tha '
growing fright of their owners caused
them to be dropped.
Apparently all of the bedding and cloth
ing except that which tha people wore
upon their backs had been' left' behind.
Property in China I Is - properly trans,
f erred, not by sale or barter so much' as
by. robbery^ ~ ~ "'• z ~~>
dernned. going to their lest work and
never 'hoped for anything better than a
a«r*Xul aea.U\ at cur hands. When at
boundary. Now the Japanese have caught
them there again.
* Far caj^jtgd daja a steady jtrsia at
mint. After they got all that they coin,,
stow away the Americans rescued a large
quantity of the melted metal, which,. If I
understood rightly. wa3 sold to a repre
sentative of J. P. Morgan. The bullion
was mixed with the ashc3 and debris of
the fire, and it was dlSlcult to tell what
the value was, but according to accounts
given by those who handled it there mu.t
have been nearly a million dollars 1 worth,
which was sold for $300,000. That is 60rao
of it on teat pile of coin.
That was one incident on the road to
Peking. Only a small one. after all. for
the town had, never been heard of until
thle war came on, and Peking was famous
before the dark ages.
The terror which the coming of the al
lies etruck into people has probably never
been equaled. The greatest city in the
world was taken with such a panic as'
only a volcano could cause among us.
The suffering must have been terrible
among the aged and infirm, the women
and young children, who were left to
etarve or perish. Many of them spent
days hiding in the mud and rushes of the
river banks, in trees, in cellars and in
wells. We found them everywhere, and
there was enough of murder and brutality
among the Russians to partly Justify their
fears, for all foreigners look alike to
them.
The condition of the city when we en
tered It sr&ve the best Idea of an epidemic.
T~2 OR one whole day a Calif or
j[^ man had the Forbidden City
of Peking to himself ; free to
walk where he pleased and take
wliat he fancied.
It took courage to do it. Peking
zvas full of sharpshooters, who hid
in the roofs and took shots at all
who catnc within range.
The Chinese and Tartar eities of
Peking were thronged -with people,
despite the tremendous exodus, yet
the sacred Forbidden City was
empty and silent. Its Tartar mas
ters had left, but though they had
departed, the fear of them had not.
TJie custom of. generations still
bound the timid Chinese and de
terred them from entering the pal
aces of their former masters.
Like the last little boy in the
world Fred U'citzcnburg had a
chance to do just as he wished;
everything was his. He had but to
make up his mind as to zchat he
wanted. Later on men went almost
mad from bang in less tantalising
positions, but he chose well. The
sacred tablets of jade, which the
Emperor worshiped; the great
'jadestcne seals of empire; the most
beautiful statuette of Buddha, a
creation that Bcnvenuto Cellini
would hare been proud to copy; the
fifty-eyed peacock feather of the
Emperor, and private correspond
ence of the Dozvager Tsi Hsi An;
these, v.it 1. jewels and bullion, were
hi' selections. In all there were no
tzci alike, for he was a collector,
and cared not for mere financial
values but for artistic worth.
Never since the fall of Rome was
there such a chance.
WHT It if not wrong to take things
when you are in Peking Is not ap
parent to people who have not
been there. This is the reason
of It.
Before the allle* got in the Boxers had
for a month It en burning and pillaging
the houses of the missionaries and tha
chops and houpt-s of the native Christians.
After finishing with the Christians they
began on those who aid<rd or abetted them
or gave them any assistance. Afterward
they started In on persons three degree?
removed. In that manner they had prac
tically a free license to prey on whom
they chose. Ihe result was that the
streets were paved with prrsonal property.
In the great grounds of the Temple of
Heaven artillery mules Mood trampling on
costly coverings of bridal chairs and pa
lanquins, which were scattered about, not
by the yard, but by the- furlong.
The Han JJn College had been set on
f.re by the Boxers In hope that Up fiarms
•would roast out the Brit'sh legation. Th»
principal Kterary repository^ of the most
bookish of all j<eop1« was destroyed in an
afternoon. Out cf twenty large halls but
two rerr.eln. The tamphorwood cases of
the Encyclopedia of Yung Le (a work
many hundred times as extensive as the
Century Dictionary) wf re filled with earth
to form a part «..f the ramparts of defense.
The pric»-lc«=« Njok? themselves were usou
for Uln-.llir.gs cr blew idly about In the
wind. Literary treasures by the carloads,
were tumbled into the lotus ponds.
With waste j>uc-h as this staring at us
upon our arrival, and with the Russians
destroying everything they could lay thHr
hands on that was not money, the crime
would ha\e been in not taking.
I am probably the only man in the. world
who has roamed freely through the de
serted temples and palaces of the Forbid
den City, and I made an Interesting col
lection of souvenirs of the occasion.
I was with tho United States forces, but
being In the commissary gave me oppor
tunities for observation that did not come
to many, and having always been Inter
ested In the rare and curious and a stu
dent of Oriental subjects 1 was able to
pick out many tilings that would have
been passed as worthless by a person who
did not know the value or significance of
them.
X remember hearing an English efflcer
say that he v.ould give thousands of
pounds If he on'y had with him his broth
er, who had been in China before and un
derstood the difference between a price
less antique and a worthless modern. It
was painful to think that with the treas
ures of a city spread before him lack or
knowledge made him powerless to help
himself to any advantage. People like this
were therefore confined to taking such
bullion as they could find, and that Is not
very profitable stuff compared to some of
the jewels and statuettes which were
scattered in the confusion of their owners*
departure.
At Tientsin there was come big looting.
The greater part cf it was done by the
Eikh companies, which seemed to be spe
cially drilled for the purpose. They watt
ed no time, for they were all prepared.
There were tcouts to locate the loot, BOl
dlers to relze. coolies and bearers to gath
er and carts upon which to load it. They
loaded more carta than I could count with
•olid silver from, the burned ruin* of the
/ I • had been with the Ninth Infantry In ,
the Philippines and had become UE*d to
the country, and people and also to those
precautions which are the only safeguards
of the lives of Europeans when living In
the fevered climate, of the , Asian tropics.
There never had; been any great enthu
siasm in our fights with .the Filipinos. -We
did not esteem'therh worthy'of our metal
und always felt, more like-going out and
driving them up . and corrallng; them as
we would sheep rather than fighting them
as men.
But when the Ninth started for China
there was all the work they could do laid
out ahead of them. ; It, was a" handful- of
men to. fight an empire, which had been
.preparing for years to make the fight of
Us life. -It was a piece of work of which
•Americans could be proud. .
The road • to Peking began, when we
passed the Taku forts. From there It was
nothing but death upon every side— one
long.' valley,. of. death' until we reached the
saffly.of the.abandoned Tartar City.
" There Is a different code of morals in
Asia from , that under which the rest of
the world abides. "In China" is an .ex
cuse' for anythiqg. .
There ¦ are no weeds in China but the
people. Everything but human life has a
value. Kill, kill, kill as they may. still
the people increase, and, like locusts,'de
stroy that which they must depend upon
for life. The very soil has been robbed of
Its richness by the swarm of humanity
•RhJ/'h cnaws over Its. surface.
Tin rich rob the poor, th» mandarias
rob tli* rich and tha Viceroys rob th»
mandarins, while In return tha poor must
pilfer as they may from those who have
til.
A second thief Is best owner, and none
who had been . through dust and mud.
Mannllcher bullets. . Boxer knives and
blood of their frtendi, stopped to think
whether or not it was right to take the
booty which the Tartars had left.'
The Manchu rnlers of China- came as
robber barons and have 'lived as feudal
lords, taking by the right of might all
that was worth having In the empire, so
the true Chinese were as pleased to see
the allies secure prizes as they were to
get them.
The first taste of loot was secured by
the British" with their Pathan and Sikh
regiments in Tientsin. At that time the\
Americans were too much occupied with
their work for the relief of Peking to pay
any attention even^to the piles of silver
which strewed th»'ground under the ruins
of the mint at the arsenal. A guard was
placed around them to prevent tie Sikhs
from completing their work of cleaning
up the ground and the remainder of the
treasure was secured by the navy after
the army had left for Peking.
But "east, of Suez where there aren t
no ten commandments and the best is like
the worst," good resolutions melt away,
or, rather, arguments and reasons pre
sent themselves which do not exist in any
other part of the world. To see one man
owning wealth untold while ten thousand
of his neighbors are drowning their chil
dren to save them from starving; to see
one man 'with finger nails three inches
j in length and protected by silver case*
while another wears his nails to the quick
and starves as he does it. makes your
blood boll. To see tho long-nailed man
order a hundred bastinadoes upon tho
fe<;t of the short-nailed one because he
will not pay taxes that are beyond his
power to raise, even though he does
drown his .children and starve his wife.
.will make you blow up with wrath and
rage unless you do something to relieve
your feelings. This the soldiers of the al
lies . did. They took from the wealthy
and paid wages to the tuffering poor. We
got a thousand blessings to one curse and
the- blessings of the poor., avail a man
; more than the curses of the rich can
harm. • : , -.•*-" ""•
In the Intense heat and after/the suffer
ings the men had gone through on the
march there was but : little vitality In
them. As soon as any needed It they
hired j bearers to carrv them. The poor
coolies felt that they were slaves con-
tha end of their Journey, Instead of being
tortured or decapitated, they wera paid
five or ten times as much as they had
ever before received for the Maine -work.
It was more than they could understand
and the way that they showered heartfelt
thanks and prayers upon us made me
feel that In taking: the hoarded stores of
the Tartar robbers and paying good wages
to the deserving coolies we had done more
right than wrong and that our account
-with the future stood the better for It.
Hunting for the loot of Peking was a
eclenco. We of America who were U3ed
to finding -wealth tn cabinets, 'safes ana
bureau drawers did not understand the
ways of a race who havo for generations
secured their property only by conceal
ment. Under the slime that covered water
poured out by nauseating dra!n3 were
hidden the rarest of gems and stores of
coin, sealed In stone jars which had been
used for preserves. All of these things
were known to the willing coolies who
helped. Sabers were used as prods or
divining rods to locate burled treasures:
bayonets to remove the earth that cov
ered them. It was hard work, and disa
greeable, but the results Justified tea
pains.
"What the total value of the loot of Pe
king will amount to will not be known for
fifty years. There in China people do not
tell what they know. But it is safe t.t
eay that statisticians may add to the cir
culating medium of the world at least a
dozen ciphers as its value Is expressed
in American money.
The Japanese did no looting— that Is,
the soldiers did not. Any soldier found
with a piece of silk worth a dollar or so
was severely punished.
The Japanese general had other work
for his men- Part of it was to suppress
"snipers," who were hidden on roofs and
In trees to pick us oft with their almost
noiseless afannlicher rifles, and besides
that there was- a busy express line run
ning between the Imperial treasury and
Japanese headquarters.
This was merely because the Japanese
attended to business and had found out
before tlnw where the money was. The
Chinese did not have their strong box
labeled as we do our banks and places of
deposit. Banks In China are usually ma
on. the "Q. T." It Is well for many rea
sons. The Government , has even more
reason to fear, for robbers are bold ar.J
conspirators cunning.
Every time there Is trouble the Japanese
have the same good management to direct
them.
During the last Chlno-Japanes© war It
is said that the Japanese sacked th© Poo
Ta La, the great temple in Jehol. Tar
tary, where for the last three centuries
the Tartar rulers had b?en depositing ths
• spoils of China *ln anticipation of Just
Furh an event as the present. Whether
the Japanese were successful in locating
any considerable amount of money in that
vast pile of buildings xrtth its seventeen
stories above, and no one knows how
many under ground, will never be known,
but there Is one thing certain— that Japan
has been buiMir.fr herself a new navy
which makes Frar.ce and Russia stare
and yet her debt la r.ot so great and her
credit is good for what she asks.
After the Japanese raid on Jehol th«»
Chinese rulers concluded to try and ma!:i
up their losses by heavier taxes at homj
and to keep the money In the palace in
Peking-, instead of sending It over tha
THE STTCSTD A Y CAtt*
6
IN A
FORBIDDEN CITYof history of their travels upon them.
The statuettes are from the great tem
ple of the Sacred City. They are of plfl
silver bronie. Tho ono on tho right of
the photograph is tha best of my ooileo
tion and one of the most beautiful in ex
istence. The grace and perfection of Us
outlines grow upon one as he looks until
It becomes fascinating.
The Chinese explain that every point,
line and curve In this statue means some
thing. That It Is a mnemonic and was de-
ha authenticates all of his acts. TbeM
two seals of the Government axe bod so
old that the characters which are In
scribed upon them are obsolete even, la
that country of slow changes. Tho earr
ing upon them la of infinite delicacy and
beauty and taken all In all their vara«
probably exceeds that of any other article)
it was my good luck to secure. Tho im
portance which th» Chinese attach to
seals will doubtless mako tho lou of
these severely felt.
The authority which was represented,
by these two seals waa tho greatest that
any emblem ever possessed. Much won
der has been expressed at the daggers of
the secret service of the palace, which
conferred upon him who carried them tha
power to kill whom ho pleased with Im
punity; in other words the possession of
the weapon was a warrant for the act.
But those daggers gave authority only
over single lives; while the keeper of
these sealed the fate of Viceroys and
provinces. When attached to any docu
ment they made it official and therafor*
might be considered as the emblem of
power over the 300,000,000 people.
Their power Is gone now, and never
again will there be & successor to it. for
the solidity of the empire is & thing of
the past, and hereafter whatever author
ity the Chinese havo will bo minor- and
advisory.
The gems of all of these things, though,
are the ancestral tablets of the late Em
press, mother of the Emperor Kwang Su.
Thero are six of them, of which two
are Intended as covers for the other four.
Three of them are engraved with char
acters of the Manchu language, which is
that used in- the court, and the other
three bear a translation of the same Into
Chinese. They recite the good life, the
position, relationship and name of the
Empress, and were the objects which the
Emperor held In tha hishest veneration
of all lr. the ¦world^
which on* «8*mnes when rldlnf ta * PbO
man ear. They win find that clothes do
help to make a man. Half the dignity, or
more than that , perhaps, of all Oriental
diplomats comes from tha wonderful suits
which their Governments encourage them
to wear. These costumes are made In
large number for the Emperor every year,
much of tha taxes there being tithes pay
able in kind. The result of this la that all
of the * palaces were full of clothing,
spices, silk cloths.raw silk, bullion thread,
'embroidery silks, beads, buttons, scented
woods— anything. In fact, that was of
great value.
These snuff-bottles are only a part of
the Emperor's i collection, and some of
them probably belonged to other ofiicfcrd
of the court.
Those which are set on top of the rose
wood chest were packed in it, and are all
eat from solid gems of Jade, carnellan,
agate and other hard stones. They are
perfect bottles, being without a flaw, and
all of the Interior was excavated fromthe
small necks, which are no larger than
those of an ordinary smelling salts bot
tle. There are no holes or plugs cut In
the bottom, as one would expect to find.
but every particle of the Interior has been
polished to the smoothness of glass
through the same small opening.
These snuff-bottles are worth In China
from $25 to $200 each, according to the
stone from which they are cut and their
age. The tallest one on the top of the
box with the spoon beside It is cut from
a solid piece of carnellan In heavy cam*o
relief. The stoppers are of turquoise,
lapis lazuli and coral, with spoons of
Ivory or silver.
There Is a perfect mania among the
English in China for collecting these
snuff-bottles, Just as they collect scarabs
from Egypt, rugs irom Persia or Indian
baskets here. •
The snuft.with which they are filled is_
darat&od th« thin* 1* • whol* Bfbl« ta
Itself and when they spend their time in
. contemplating It they are not worshiping
the statue, but impressing' an their minds
those- truths which It represents.
From the number of these Buddhist
statues and the reverence with which the/
were held it must be that the Chinese
are nearly all Buddhists as far as their
religion goes and that Confucianism la
rather & philosophy than a religion wit:i
them. ¦. ..
The object In front of the middle statu
ette is a sort of an idol's eye. The lower
crsscent-ahaped part is a moonstone, the
dark round one In the middle is some red
stone like a. ruby and the small one sur
rounded by the seven points is a clear
blue stone. This combination was taken
off the principal idol in the great temple.
It was the most adored object in China,
If the place which it occupies is any in
dication of the esteem in which It was
held.
These clothes I found In the palace on
¦ the Island where the Emperor was con
fined. Like all of the imperial property,
they bear the picture of the five-toed
dragon, which is exclusively imperial.
Mandarins may have four-toed dragons
and common people may have but three
toed ones, but the five-toed dragon, like
the team of six cream-colored horses in
England, or the sixteen-petaled chrysan
themum In Japan, is reserved exclusively
for the monarch.
It may be true to say that clothes do
not make the man, but they make the
man feel himself a mighty superior sort
of person, when he gets on a suit of lilac
Bilk with a thousand dollars' worth of
gold bullion sewed on it, and pink ¦ silk
primroses embroidered all around. It
takes a Chinaman to be the real thing In
dudes. The pompom on the hat is the
only one of its kind that there is. Fifty
eyed peacock feathers all fastened to
gether. It does not show, for • they are
all one behind the other, but that Is Ilka
the Chinese— they do not care to show all
of their wealth, merely to know that it is
there. Here underneath the fringe of the
hat is a pearl worth several hundredjdol
lara and hardly to be seen under lany
circumstances, but like Cleopatra's pearl
in the vinegar, the Emperor knew it was
there and that was sufficient. '
The peacock, which is held In front of
the se«*.eu figure, is unique. It has no
duplicate. It-was to all China what the
scepter is to England. It was borne by
the personal guards of the Emperor as
their standard.
It Is of cloisonne laid upon a gold ground
and v.-lth gold inlaid wires. The beak Is
of solid gold.
The trousers shown in this picture are
a perfect dream of violet silk, embroid
ered more finely than any lady's handker
chief, and the whole scented with the rare
The largest pieces of jewel Jade of all
that I saw in Peking are these two. which
compose the imperial seals.' 'A corpora
tion In this country can act only through
its seal, but in China even men must act
through their seals. In other words
every Chinaman has a seal and with it
The carved chest is of rosewood, dec
orated with the five-toed Imperial dragon.
There was an Immense amount of carving
of all sorts In the Imperial City. At one
time, before the last war with Japan, the
present Dowager had 5000 wood carvers
working in the palace grounds and upon
the temples and palaces. That was where
the ironey went that had been voted to
purchase munitions of war.
more delightful than an 'thing which peo
ple outside of China have dreamed. It
ls> scented with Jasmine, rose, vanila ami
many, delicate odors which I cannot place
but seem to be compounds of many
things. The perfumes sire very lasting,
and can be smelt upon the hands* for
hours after washing them. Nearly nv-i.-y
Chinese official carries two of these little
bottles In the pouch attached to his
girdle, and meeting a friend the
two bottles are placed upon a table be
tween them and they enjoy in their quiet
and dignified way the delights of Inhal-
Insr the stimulating yet soothing aroma,
made pungent by tho zest of tobacco.
These snuffs cost from $10 an ounce up
ward, and every one prides himself upon
carrying a better quality than his neigh
bor. This custom is almost entirely con
iined to the Mar.chus. or people of North
ern China. In the south it i3 very un
common except In official circles. The
lower. row. of snuff-bottles are of anclen,t
porcelain and cameo cut glass. Reside
them are setting some small jade finger
rings from the apartments of the ladles
of the harem, and a thumb ring, such as
Is worn as a badge of office.
The treasures which will in . time bo
scattered over the world will do much to
elevate the taste for rare articles, but I
most prize mine aa mementoes of tho
Empress Dowager, and the day that X
spent in her Sacred Forbidden City,
The lootlne of Peking was a part of
the punishment which Its people had
brought upon themselves.
Anything connected with this reverence
for ancestors must be of the best and the
tablets of the Emperor» x most- of all.
Nothing mark3 more fully the complete
ness of the downfall of tho Manchu dy
nasty than the loss of these tablets and
that worst of all they should fall into the
hands of Christians. "Fierce and untam
able barbarian devils from across tho
sea«." they called us. A year ago there
were none or them so poor or lowly that
they did not feel themselves far superior
to any living European. Before we had
battered down the three outer gates of the
southern approach to the palace the Chi
nese and T:#tars both had all of their
lantern-makers hard at ¦work painting lit
tle paper fac-similes of Japanese and
American flags and these they carried
around on tho streets with them for pro
tection.
The Chinese explain In this way their
veneration for ancestors. That the first
man and woman came directly from God
and worshiped him as they should; that
the children cf that first couple worship
ed the God of their parents, making their
prayers not to the God directly, nor to
their parents, but to the God of their pa
rents, so as to make sure that there was
no mistake. So it is to-fiay. They do not
worship idols, which mean no more to
them than altars, stained glass windows
and Bibl*s do to us. but their idols are
allegories serving to remind them of their
duties to rentier thanks to the God their
fathers knew.
own which the proprietor can soon learn
so as to be a.blo to recognize and Identify
It In case of stealing, just as we do with
our numbered paper money. For the sama
reason- coins are usually stamped, with a
mark or nam© by each person who han
dles them so that In time they too como
to be easily recognized and to beara sort
signed before writing or even hieroglyphs
came 'into use to impress upon its bo
holders the sacred truths of Buddha. Just
as a palmist reads a life from the little
creases and fullnesses of tho hand so not
only the hands but every part of the
statue, each symbol with. which it is dec
orated, the attitude and all, is part of
their system of religion. As I would un-
perfumes of. ambergris and other scents.
which are almost exclusively bought up
by the Chinese and cannot be obtained
efcsewhere at any price. • (
It may be that some people really be
lieve that there Is nothing but vanity In
clothes, 1 but | they cannot wear garments
such as these without feeling a sense of
importance coinlns: over them, like that
tractive in the eyes of the loot-seeking
Sikhs than Peking, for, the Chinese are
very accumulative by nature and fond of
possessing their wealth in solid and sub
stantial form of gold, silver .and jewels
rat..er than bonds, mortgages, notes and
deeds, which are often the sole evidences
of our worldly goods.
Silver is the favorite money in China,
and It taxes only a few hundred dollars'
worth of It to make a heavy load for a
man. For that reason the greater part
of all of the money was left, and was too
bulky to be even readily concealed.' This
would not have been the case had the
population known the true state of af
fairs, but' it is a maxim of the Tartar
rulers that the knowledge of the Princes
should be used for the deception of the
people. For this reason none of tho peo
ple knew until tho very last that tho al
lies were coming, and their first warnlng (
was the, sound of the guns. Even after
that the authorities assured them that the
pigs of foreign devils would never dare to
enter the great capital. > j
When the last minute came no prepara
tions had been made, and the result waa
that personal property was strewn every
where.
The greater part of the silver Is ca^t
Into ingots, such as these I have, ajwayj
of the same peculiar basket shape, thick
on the bottom and thin on the end3, and
of different sizes from one to twenty and
even fifty taels in value.
From what I saw China would be a pax •
adise for numismatists. Coins which wer<j
sent with the Spanish Armada; coin*
v.'hich Elizabeth made from the bullioa
"which. Drake brought from the Span'-n '
main; Itoman, French and German coins
all go together, worth so much a pound.
Treasure shipments to China have con •
tinucd since history began and as far as
I know this is about the flrst lot which
was ever brought out. most of the re3t
having been depositcl In the banks oi
China and Japan and exchange taken for
It.
Each of the Ingots in the pile on th*
table is stamped with characters show
ing Its weight and value. The rough-look
ing mass is silver which I got at Tien
tsin from the ruins of the mint after the
fire. It is the last coining of that mint,
you might say. Coined by the fire fiend.
The reasons that Ingots are preferred
Is because each has an individuality of it*
The bottom of the seals bear on one
half eld mystical characters, such as
were used In 'the writings of Confucius
and the other classics; signs which are
mystical and emblematic rather than
rraphie. The other half of the seal
bears the antique form of- characters,
which, although unused at the present
nay, are ctlll understood by the literati
axd much admired by every one for grace
Japaaese commissary wagons, ricksha.*-*
and coolie basket carrier* worked under
puard, transferring bullion and coins Into
tbe care of the austere general from the
Island Empire, who would' not let bis
men take even a mat to sleep on, tor
their own use.
So while the Japanese got the credit of
doing r.o looting they also got about all
the money that was to be had. from the
only source whence It could be legally
taker.; that is. the government. There
was undoubtedly much more money In
the private coffers of the Dowager and
y.er favorites of the palace, but this was
largely secured by the Russians, who
put to death every native that they could
- find la their efforts to extort confessions
cs to where valuables were hidden.
There was very little killing for the mere
sake of blood on their part. They usual
ly had interpreters present and merely
kliied In order to make sure that the per
•on whom they had under examination
reaJly did not know where anything more
of value was hidden. ;
There will probably he a new batch of
rubies turned out of the Czar's mint this
year and many a one will represent the
equivaJeiu of Chinese blood.
The Americans got the least of all. for
v hat they tock was cither necessary bid
ding or food, with occasionally articles
Which were of historical, literary or sci
entific value.
It is a pity i hat they did not take more,
for in their hands the beautiful statues
and porcelains would have b«en pre
served, while as It was they were left to
be mostly destroyed by the Russians, who
broke them Just to hear the crash.
Officers from the continental armies
icaded themselves with jewels, silks and
statuettes, and while they were stagger-
Ing under these they would try to pick
up a huge bronze or porcelain vase and
then reeling like drunken men fall, crash
ing on the floor with their burden, scat
tering the Jewels, to bo grasped by
other?. It was the chance of a hundred
lifetimes.
tt was a rare piece of good fortune
•which sent me into China with the Ninth
United States Infanlry. Never again will
euch tn opportunity for the exploration
cf mysteries be presented, for it was an
excursion into the very heart of the most
•Ffcret places of the mest secretive of all
' people.
There is. for Instance, in the interior
of the great Palace of Government in the
Tartar city, a sealed vault which is so
arranged that documents tan be slipped
Into it through a slotted opening, but
none can ever be rt-moved until the great
er-al on the door U broken. This is done
only after the death or deposing of an
Emj>eror. There is attached to the court
a custodian <jf the secrets. To him are
confided all *uch things concerning the
empire as are not to be spoken of in pub
lic or even whispered in confidence. If
the Emperor or any of the. Viceroys do
something which should be recorded, but
which r.o one would dare to speak, it is
written down and scaled and deposited
in this secret closet. In this way free
expression of opinion is recorded, and
b'.'<x the end of the Emperor's rule, these
fecrets are opened and give such a his
:• i.\ u.~ for truth and completeness could
n«?vt-r be secured in any other manner.
It v.ss In^this way that the Empress
Dowager sought to accomplish the un
doing of Kwang Su. One of her objects
in deposing him was to end his n?!gn and
in that manner make it possible for the
custodian of the secret archives to open
hi* vault.
By this the Empress became possessed
cf a!J of the record?, and then abolished
:!:< custom la order that her own miP'lo
ino s-h'i'jid not be treasure-d against her.
The En-.peror. the Empress Dowager
end the nigh priests of the great sanctu
erles. left hurriedly in a shower of lead
an-1 iron which their umbrellas and can
cpir* would not shed.
The court of Peking bid been gather
ing treasures for a (juart«r cf a thou
sand year? and the largeness of its ac
currv.ilatioiis. coupled with the fact that
ii vis not usc-«l to moving hurriedly or
Otherwise, caused them to leave all of the
raluabies and remove only objects useless
and clumsy, just ;is people at fires care
fjjlly carry draw mattresses down the
Etalrway and throw cut glaFs and bric
*-l;rac our of the window.
it -of the splendid wreck and devasta
tion caus.x! :.¦>• the attack of the allied
forces. It was my zood fortune to gather
Ibe two most highly prized things ifi all
of the J": .w< :y Kingdom, the two objects
which Inanimately represented the heart
ani sou! of the empire.
The Tablets of Buddha and Confucius
and the 'Jreat Seals of China are now in
Ban Joe*..
The latlcis are of polished jade, six m
cumber, ftbent four Inches wide, ten
Inches long and half an inch thick.
On them the characters are inscribed
wit!: inlaid gold.
Throe of the tablets bear Inscriptions
In Manchu, and the other three arc
a. translation of the same Into Chinese.
Th* veneration in which these tablets
ere held is inconceivable. Imagine all of
the reverence we have for the Bible, tli«
love and esteem which we ha\-e for our
rarer;? and forefathers, and our respect
end fear of divine power, rolled into. one
indescribable emotion— that is what the
Chinaman feels for the holy tablets of
his ancestor* c et In tne center of th<k
ancestral shrine which is the focus, of
the. Jlal! of Ancestors that every Chinese
family of honor maintains in state from
generation to g<:r.eration.
The tablets .ire of different forms.
Th^Fe which serve merely as the record
of cr,e family are simple, sometimes only
th* farofly name written in a running
hand on ca.cred paper; others are painted
en wood; some carved en the same or
on stone, and yet others are cut out of
F r .lid jewel etones. But in all the world
there ar* 1 no jewels of such size as the
cet here photographed.
Jade 1* to the Chinese what diamonds
are to us. It Is the fashionable stone—
the only one which is considered good
form, and from the fact of its being one
Of the sacred colors It has come to dis
place &\\ others, even the most minute
ornaments being made of it. As to- its
value, one has to price 't !n order to be- •
lieve. A small bit half th» size of a pea,
bearing some lucky desltrn, although of .
modern workmanship, will cost as much
a? an Egyptian antique scarab.
I'rom that It may be reasoned what th«
cost of the material alone In these tab
let f is worth.
The seals are blocks of darker gre^n
Jade, almost black in color, the pieces of
f lene from which they were cut are over
tlx inches square and of the rarest tint.
One of the seals was regularly used In
transacting the more Important business
of the Government: the other was evi
dently kept In reserve to use on rare oc
casions, for the characters, besides belngi
Incised, were laid In with thin sheets o!
gold, as If intended for only the most ex
alted purposes. No traces of wax are
visible on this gold-covered one, but the
other has evidently had much use, the
thinner lines being worn down and traces
of wax and abrasions all over the stone.
While those are the most important
pieces of. the collection, they are but 'a
small part of it- «
When the English at Tientsin were load-
Ing bullock carts with bullion from the
mint I was searching for those gems
which w.J have a lasting value and will
be remembered in the history of tH«
times long after silver has returned to
earth.
No city In the world could be more at-
and beauty of. design; for tho Chlnei*.
like Mohammedans and many others of
the East, admire beautiful writing as
much as we do pictures, and they ' con
older It more tasteful to have a house
decorated with handsome chirograph?
than with colored designs, landscapes and
portraits.
THisTODATCAU.
7Synopsis.
ZELLA FRTTXNEN. a member of the Chl
car» Women's Athletic Club and type
writer to K!ram Dexter, millionaire, is
1r.!--ult»a on her iray home by a ruffianly
R.lr.«r. Abner Vlngott. N>d Glover, an Ensllj-h
man and writer for the Dally Mail, lnterf^ree.
T>ir£»-* draws a knife and lunses at Glover.
but is knocked down by a blow from Ze!la.
Joe 'WHllstr.?. a (ietertlve, arreftf Dirges, but
ttbi care if iU miFse.1 with a llcht sentence.
T">irT7T*-5 ff\v*»ars vencance on Glover. Arnos
Fto»vy. proprietor ar.d editor of the Dally
Mail, Is a personal . fr>n<i of Hiram Dexter.
Ptorey sends Clover to cet an article on the
life of the (nfiUoaalre. Dexter taken o fancy
to the your.s ni:in »!iJ proposes to give him an
tuleiert la sowo inir.lns: ventures. Glover finds
that he ;• living above Mb means, and upon
rrentior.'rg the latter t<-> Storey 1% advl>ed to
tti)-,- a room nt n certain boarJinc-house. which
terns o<;l to to th? jjn;r one whore Zella Drun
n«»n lives. He t!:ore meets the girl who saved
his life and v.Iiom he ha? sought for In vain.
It '.* a case of love at first risht. Hiram Dtx
ter'» EOQd feeling for plover changes to hate
f.-hen h<* finds that the ynur.K man Is virtually
the acc^ted lover of Zeila; for the millionaire,
in sj;:te cf his ere. mi«he> to make her Ills wife.
Ccpyright, :900. by Joseph Hatton.
CHAPTER Xl-Continued.
TX 17 ED. you alarm me! Tell me some
1^1 Other tlrn< " : »
|[ j] But Ned. Vlth the arrogance of
confession strong upon him and
the not alto;r<Hher unselfish Instinct that
a Btoty of Buffering on the part of a man
is sure to excite the. acute sympathy of
the woman he loves, insisted upon "clear-
Ing th» ground." as he put tt. "of any
thing that might hereafter be a source to
either of us of possible usability in
thought or deed."
So ZcP-.t. while subduing her own
Wfshea, war, after all. curio«« to know
xvr.at the man who had v,on a surprising
influence over her, desired to confess that
m'jrht shak^ her confidence in his honor.
CHAPTER XI
NED GLOVER TELLS ZELLA WHY ME
LEFT LONDON
Then, suddenly, she roused herself. It
would never do to droop and be sentimen
tal; never do to fall jnto Ned's serious
manner; never do lo let her change of
feeling master her. Besides, she hae'
Fpciii a happy morning, and had lalC
!u-r:-elf out for a pleasant holiday. She
was not going to let Mr. Edmund Glover
pour ice water over her buoyant spirits.
6he ha<1 half a mind. to call in Mrs. O'Ha
cau. But. no: she would shov,' herself
«rqual to the occasion. Men talked of
molding girls, taming them— "as the
twig is bcr.t, the tree's iaclined"; "have
n wife and rule a wife": "a woman, a
Bnantel and a walnut tree"; "when you've
rnafie a woman confess she loves you. you
may do anything with her." and so on.
She would be on h*-r guard, which was
£ll the mere necessary now that she real
ly oid love him. . . . The =ensat<on of
loving was a blissful state of thing she
could never have dreamt possible; and
yet ihore w?.s a kir.d of sti-ig in it, a
ftir.c that gave a sweeter zest to the
horcy. So much she confessed to her-
but o;iiy to hersel*. Vet Fhe loved
h«r liberty. Had she not fought for It?
'•Very well. No<': I am listening." she
Fsifl. presently, tilting her recking chiir
against the wa!l and propping her fee;
Epon a !.asso«-k, which be placed for her.
"I am sr<.ing to tell you why I left Lon
don. Zclla, because it belongs to a weak
period of my life. . T . . {«= the only
nlot on my career. ... I am. in that
respect, a man with a past. . . . When
two people contemplate marriage they
oucrht to tell each other evervthlnjr."
— How <lo you mesn — everything?"
"Everything that might be brought up
urainst ihem, or that might seem to
threaten ihtir happiness."
"P'irh ar- what?"
"Well. Fuchas Betting drunk, and "being
chucked. • as your people say, for neglect
of <Uuy."
"Oh, Ned: is that what happened to
you?"
"yes. And It is right that you should
krr^w it."
"AikI what else?
"What else?"
"Yes."
"'Vhat do you mean?"
"Such bf — anything about women — or
ab'-K' a woman. .«ayT*
"Oh: I've no record in that direction."
"Nor one? Never ?ot enlaced to a girl.
nrirt Jrft her? Or cot engaged, and she
took up -with another? Or never fell In
love with some other fellow's wife?"
Zrlia hup-ced hrrseK with a Fceret r=nt
1ff.?ction. She feit that she rmd Hf'ed
!Ced out of the gloomy rut of confession
nnd controversy In whieli the Interview
h?.d threatened to involve them both. She
tboojctlt she -was playine her hand with
feminine skill and masculine courage.
"Very v.eM." s-he said, with something
of n shade of disappointment in her eye?.
"Go on: Tell me about your taking too
Tn:i<~h rum."
"To me It Is an awful storv. Zella: hut
there 1s light in It. It brought me to Chl
f?.<rn; It broujrht me to Parkslne: and. If
GM trill*. It has civen you to me."
There ama something so manfully seri
ous and pathetio in his expression and
manner a« he looked uyiwa.rd for a
moment ard then fixed his eyes upon
hers, rrfs own fuil of love and tenderness,
that she felt quite subdued, afflicted with
nn affectionate solicitude that had nearly
found expression in tears; for now she
frarod hr inicht hive a disclosure to
make worse than any she had suggested
eor.eernlnc his denllngs with women. Per
haps, under the Influence of drink, he had
committees some tr-rrible crime! To have
taken too much wine, even to the extent
of intoxication, was not so very dreadful
She had often met that kind 'of vice In
the Ftreer? of Chicago. She had seen It
*>ven at Parkside. Old Sam at the Palmer
House was continually flashing his wine
and j=r>lrit bottles, and his little silver tray
ard cordials before Dexter and his call
ers. . . . Tf Ned was go'.nt: to excuse
pnme crime, for whlrh he had to run on
the Feore of drink, why. then Khe wished
¦he wr.uid say t:o more about it. ... She
certainly cnuld have made no more ser
ious a confession to herself than that she
loved him.
"This is what I did. The danger to you
liesjn the possibility that I might repeat
"N>d!" t=he said. "I enpuld forgive you "
-iou wring my h-art." he said, turn-
Jre his pale face toward her.
It must have been that he feared him
£» V,< 0I V? 0 oou1d hav * ma<1e so much
of his f srrace. The. story could have
?o Sevel il" £ ''S word ,=': Vet he seemed
to revel in it. He could not have been
rnore excited or more bent on self-imputa
tion If he had been under alcoholic in
fluence at that very moment.
"Now. listen, dear."
She sst quite still.
*•! had bern promoted to leader writ
ir.g on the Drily Times; but occaMoMllv
I was told off to do nekcri^iv^^ken-his
of notable functions. There was » ~-.n
lion at Downing street cfmo?ethtn ordi
nary Interest. The Premier and £ady Sa I
lEbury had enlarged the circle of their In
Mtations. The event was regarded £
even more political than social The edi
tor had planned to do an unusual thing
namely, to describe what he called *i Saf '
lsbury evening.' not only giving a list of
the guests but a graphic picture of the
ftatiiering. to get at the atmosphere of it
aa be said, ard to Illustrate the fa^t that
.all th« wealth and beauty and blue blSo.l
of London and the counties v.-ore a-=sern
bled; the flower of the Knglish arUtor
racy, ministers of state and their fami
lies: notwithstanding which, no troops™*
Fhow of military, no precautions against
the crowd gathered In the streets would
be required, as in Paris or Berlin or St
Petersburg on such an occasion And I
was cF.v!{;r.ed to the post of historic*
chronicler, to use the editor's own words
I v.as to describe the ' approaches to
Downfps street, guarded, they would
be. by no more than one or two policemen
the arrivals of the guests, the grand Etair
ense with it3 floral adornments, the beau,
iiful women nnd their jewels; how IJhrd
&!id Larty Salisbury received them; note
th» mo£t eminent of the guests and make
about tli rre columns of whit it is custo
mary to kneok ojf in a paragraph."
"What a gathering!" feald Zella with
her accustomed cheerfulness. "Were all
the women beautiful?"
"None *o beautiful as"
¦ "Ned, be sensible. Go on with your
utorv; it's like a page of the 'Arabian
Nlphts.* Did they shade the electric
lamps, as they do at our new theater?"
"I he staircase was lighted mostly by
candies; the grand salon wholly by can
£les. great bunches of them"
"Oh, I thought you were so up to date In
JjoaGonl"
¦"It -skiis quite an up-to-date thing I wa«
•eat out to do, 1 can assure you, Zella." .
"Well, continue. Ned; I want to know
nil about it. now. I'm sure you didn't
drink too much wine and steal any of the
jewels, or hit some grandeo In the face,
or murder one of those harmless police
men!"
And to Ned's undisguised Irritation
Zella commenced rocking herself to and
fro. not impatiently, but with real enjoy
ment. The truth was very much as she
had expressed it; she felt sure that no
serious crime could have followed such a
falry-llke reception.
"I was among the first arrivals in
Downing street. Never had I seen a more
brilliant assemblage. . . . The buffet
was a marvel. Never had a Premier been
fo lavish: never could he have had more
appreciative guests. Among them were
several eminent newspaper men, two or
three novelists, and quite a number of
painters, to leaven the otherwise regal
crowd of Princes. Princesses. Dukes.
Duchesses, Earls. Countesses, and their
wealthier rivals of the plutocracy, with
row titles and benutlful new coat?-of
arms ... I had made a note or two.
but I had in my mind the complete picture
I would realize in words for the Daily
Times such as all Journalistic -London
would be talking of tho next day. I would
fill the three columns at white heat. . .
¦Wen. I did nothing of the kind. . . .
The next morning I awoke In a police
cell!"
"Nedl" she exclaimed, leaning forward
with anxious eyes.
"They charged me with being drunk and
disorderly in the noighbordhood of White
hall, and assaulting >i cabman. '. . .- 1
was fined and lectured by the magistrate..
. . . I had no defense, for I remembered
nothing after the first hour of the recep
tion, when 1 entered tho '-buffet. . . . 1
never iran accustomed to drink much; my
father was a total abstainer, and died of
It, they said. Heaven rest his soul!"
"Poor Ned! Motherless, fatherless. "We
can sympathize with each other."
"And love each other — perhaps," he re
joined.
"Well?"
"I told my story the next n!;rht to my
editor: how 1 had stood by the flower
decked counter of the buffet and asked
for a Mttle brandy tr my coffer: from
which moment the r.irht \vp= a b'ank. as
It Is. indeed, to th!s- day. But- what was
the good of saying so, or suggesting* that
away his brains'? 8ome men have none
to steal, Ned; you have heaps."
"I say, would you dare marry such a
man?"
"If I cared for him. I'd rather marry a
man that confessed his fault than a fel
low who tried to keep It a secret."
"If you cared for him! Don't you care
for me? You said you loved me.
"I do.'a little."
"Only a little?"
"What would you have, now that I
know you get drunk? And you told me
you never took rum In anv shape."
'"I 'am .-i liar. Zella. The night I first
saw 'you I drank whisky with Joe Wil
liams."
"To talk me over. I suppose."
"Since that night I have registered an
oath in heaven. Zella; an oath sworn as
solemnly as I shall swear to . love and
cherish you— an oath that It will be as
sweet to make as it will be to keop."
"You are .iust real grit. Ned." she sniil.
with a lavsrh; an«l even at that moment
it struck Ned as curious that she should
every now and then speak with a dialect,
and make n mispronunciation, and yet
look like a lady, possess the instinct? of a.
lady, ami the distinction of a cultured in
telligence. .
"You remind me." Zoll;i went nn. "of the
fellow in Tennyson's poem, who beat h's
wife, and then crot ashamed nnd swore off:
hoi?tcd a bottle of gin on the shelf, his
favorite liquor: kept It tliere p.s a tri
umphant test of his sincerity, and finally
turned out a real white man. both to his
wife and everybody else. Xed Glover. I
believe you are made that way."
"And the non-recorded reception of I.or-1
and Lady Salisbury shall be no bar to
our union?"
"No. Let us forget it. It might have
been much worse. I guessed It would Co
when you began. Not that our prospective
union Is any way more of a certainty: it
is speculating in futures; tnough 1 like
you. awfully."'
"But lonk here. Zella, you know— you
mut-t really — "
"Must really, you 'know, what, you
know?" she said, imitating his London
enunciation and pushing her chair aside.
"I n-.UFt go and see what Bridget is doin^.
I'm sure she expects us to take he;" for
a drive."
i\< s,tcppf"i toward her.
"Is the door shut?" she asked.
a kindly old gentleman, and was grateful
for his. friendship. If, she nad suspected
the. depth of his love for her she would
not have remained In his service. It is
not given to man, not even to the histo
rian, the novelist, the poet or the psychol-*
ogist. to probe the secret that a woman
chooses to hide in her heart. It is there
fore impossible to say to what extent
Zella Brunnen may have appreciated the
real state of Hiram Dexter's feeling.
That she may at le'ast have been vaguely
conscious of It is not unlikely, seeing. that
she had given Hiram 'reason to under
stand 'that any declaration to her- of -a
certain tender sentiment on his part
would end their association at thei Pal
mer House. Furthermore, the fact i that
she would accept no favors from him, not
even a present for extra work, was a kind
of intimation that their relationship must
be of a severely businesslike character.
He paid her. a fair .salary; she earned the
money.
AH this was very well until Mr. Ed
mund Glover made his ; appearance;, but
when his friend Storey ventured to hint
that, there might be a new candidate for
the employment of his pretty typist.' he
bofian to feel miserably .apprehensive:
and when Glover went to live in 'the 'same
house with her, the demon of jealousy
took hold of. him and wlthered-up his bet
ter feelings.* pinched his heart, hollowed
his cheeks and let loose in him passions
that had. hitherto lain dormant. Jeal-'
ousy had found out the savage that lurk
ed in. the old man's nature, and with all
a s.ivape's cunning.
"You bate this Englishman; this news
paper follow. Glover?" he said, as he
passed the bottle to Abner Dlgges.
What a falling off was' there! Hiram
Dexter, the milionaire, Hiram Dexter, the
- He and Dexter were seated In a private
car of .¦ the Missouri Pacific Railroad,
bound for: Kansas'—City, where Digges
would connect with the Atchison, Topeka
arfd Santa Fe line for the nearest point
to a Red . House Forks, [ and - thence by
coach, and finally on horseback to Platts
.Valley and Blind. Man's,. Drift, which, as
we; already know, 'promised' to become
one of the most prosperous of the* Platts
Valley mining districts. Hiram Dexter
had -met .Digges by appointment at St.
Louis, giving out at the Palmer House
that he had gone to Pittsburgh •
"r^hall give, him a -stake in Platts Val-
Jey- ,How near is your Blind Man's
= "Close, not a mile; Prudent's' Gulch lies
between." . .
•'Never heard of -¦ Prudent's Gulch. It
Is not on my. map," said Dexter.
"There's a-many spots that ain't on
your map," DIgsres;=. replied. "Solomon
Danks, we calls-'Old Prudent.' he's struck
>t big. -and, we calls; It Prudent's Gulch.
ties so - — safe, cautious, ain't the
word for. it. Jimmy Lincoln, as was shot
b>v Captain Dan. tIv' - him the name of
Old Prudent." : . :..
¦ Dlgges was becoming garrulous. In a
aull,. soddened way. and, It seemea to Hi
ram Dexter as if they were both talking
In a dream.-' . ¦ . ••
"Best not -.to remember Glover, when
you meet? Don't you. think so. eh?"
'"Hell as like. He'll know I won't a' for
got him,"--
"I wish I had never seen the beggar,"
said -Hiram. . . ¦
"What's he ¦' done to you?"
"Everything! Kverythlng! The infernal.
Interloping. 1 ungrateful sneak!" Hiram re
pli-* 1 - clenching liU bands.
Digges responded, with an effort at a
friendly smile, in which operation the
curre of his mouth dragged downward
instead of rising, and the effect was not
a success. He made up for It. however,
by waving his heavy hand from the plat
form of the car. Observing that Dexter
did not turn his head, he muttered a
coarse benediction on his new "pard.
and took his seat once more by the side
of the bottle of Old Rye that Dexter had
intioduced for his especial comfort and
satisfaction.
Dexter hurried from the track to find
his train for Chicago; never looked back,
felf faint, and crept into a corner of the
first car that came in his way.
"For Chicago?" he said, as the guard
came along-. ' •
"Why. certainly, Mr. Dexter, sir." he
replied. . . ..,,
"Thank you," said Dexter, huddling
himself together and closing his eyes.
i "Not well. I guess," said tne guard to
himself. "Money ain't everything, jt
don't rriean perpetual sunshine, it can t
cat more'n two good square meals a day.
It don't know the relish of stew and
pumpkin pie and a bottle of Pllsener after
a spell of hard work! Same time, it
ain't quite fair and square of Almighty
Providence to give one man such an all
ured pile, and another a casual dollar.
In due course the engine rang its bell,
and the cars, lumbering out of the depot,
were soon spinning along to Chicago,
where Ned Glover and his sweetheart, not
to mention Mrs. O'Hagan. had spent a
very happy day, and. after a good supper,
were talking It over, what time Hiram
Dexter stole Into his rooms like a thief In
the night, and still felt as if he were pass
lnr through an ugb dream. -
I had been poisoned? . . . Alas, it. was
not the first time I had taken too much
v'ne' . . . Orunkard! Fool! You ar*
disgraced. We had to use a mere para
pi.-ipti from a news agency, after keeping
the foims back until the lar.t moment.
You are discharged. Disgraced!" he went
on. "the by-word 'and the scoff of Fleet
street! Good God! Think of it! You aro
sent to a reception, to tell its story; you
are. selected -because you have the rare
gift of a bright, descriptive pen.' You
abuse your trust: you pot drunk. You are
lockr-d up as a .disorderly. You make no
communication to the office. Fool! idiot! ,
Go and drown yourself.' ... I think 1
became maudlin and wept . . . Pres
ently he said, 'Look here, Glover. Thu
cashier has instructions to pay you three
months' salary. Go anil pet drunk with
It and Jump into the river, or spend It In
your passage to some other country,
where they are less exacting than I am
compelled to bo. Good-by!' . . . The
bells of St. Clement Danes were ringing
as I stumbled into Fleet street. The ring
ers prartice on certain nfjrhts. or ring be
cause somebody has ofdained it' and en
dowed It. They seemed to scoff at me.
'Fool! 1 they cried. 'Drunkard! 1 they
clashed, when they fired oft together. At
first 1 was inclined to bow my head and
whimper .it my fate. Then a spirit of de
fiance took hold of m<*. 'Never drink
BRHln.' ] ?ald. 'Why not? A man Is a
slave who does not know how to drink.
And when a iron's down what greater
comforter may he find? When tlie heart fs
Fad. and the brain reels with despair?
Stand up. man. Drink to your reforma
tion!' I did. It steadied me. I went to
my rooms. I packed my things and when
all was ready I took my sorrows and ray
resolves to Dick I^orrlmt-r. the only friend
I had in the wide world. And the next
day I sailed for New York."
"Is that all?" she asked.
"All!" Ned exclaimed. "Is It not
enough?"
"1 thought you had killed somebody, or
drawn a bill on your banKer without' hit
authority, or run eff with one of those be
dlamonded dnchesses."
"Zella! .Ton treat It as a joke!"
"Oh, no; but I can't quite understand
your editor getting mad with you when
nt had arranged for such a 'beat.' " - .
"Do you think you dare marry a man
that did such n thing, and the night after
ward tasted the damning cup again?"
" 'Put an enemy Into tia mouth to steal
- • .
'•Send That —Britisher Right* Along."
"Yes," ,
"The blinds drawn?" . . i
"None can see. us.V he said, laughing. (
for the first time during the ¦ course of- •
their Interview. ¦ , . - .," . ]
"I believe your story. I'm glad it was ;
not a love affair. I ehouldn't wonder you
are real, good, just a daisy. You' may '•<
seal that confession as they do it in the I
dime novels." • •••¦;— - i
"Ko. no. Ned!" she said, struggling. :
"Not twenty seals!" But she found th:u • ;
it required all her strength to make good
her retreat. \ - ¦ • . - : ; ' . >
At the door, she turned to .say, "I .'am
going to put my things on; you go and
ask Mrs. O'Ha^an to come for a drive
on the Lakcshorc." - , -
What a shadow 'had '.fallen -upon "their ''
happiness. if they could have known'how
Hiram Dexter was spending most of that ¦
day with the. ruflian who ;at the police
office had said, "Your. name's Edmund
Glover. 1 may forget your name,* but :
never your face; apd. when -I: get' out of ' :
this, you can order, your coffin!"
CHAPTER XIII. :
"AND JEALOUSY WICKED :AT;murv
DER." '
Hiram Dexter was a changed man. I Ev- •
erybody noticed it, and wondered what
was the, matter with him. From a genial
pleasant, generous fellow he had suddenly
become morose, pessimistic and inhospita
ble. '. . . He had allowed ' himself to
drift, seriously, and hopelessly, in lore
with Zella Brunnen. So long < o$\ he had ;
no rival he was content to assume a fath- ' ;
erly., Interest in her. knowing by ; Instinct <
and experiment that she '.-would " tolerate '¦
no warmer passion. She regarded him as '¦
generous, white man. upright lit all nls
dealings, charitable, famous among finan
ciers, a citizen of whom New York was
proud, and whom , Chicago delighted . to
honor, cheek by: Jowl with a ruffian who
had neither wit nor true 'courage to
recommend him; the "boss," It Is true,
of a mining camp, where he had estab
lished a wild supremacy.- by. dint of » kind
of. Dutch bravado;. the possession bf -the
largest interest .in the -'staked-out claims,
and hrs remarkable playiwlth. the. knife,
that hadihecome the weapon of. the duello
at'Platts Valley and tho^Ridge.
• >ln the«flrst days of Blind Man's .Drift;
and'lndee'd' the ; same could, be said of
Platts 'Valley f' and the Ridge generally;
there had beer, so much shooting, that a
committee had settled that. In the future,
when quarrels 'had -to be 1 settled by cruel .
the knife should be the weapon- of assault
and -defense.' "Digrges was. not the: only
manlin; camp "professing to have sprung
from the "Bowies" of the South, who had
made the 1 knife named after: the.m a pop
ular weapon. In the sober periods of the
camp, fencing -with- knives had become a
pastime. ; There was target practice ¦> wi th
revolvers now and then, and once -in a
way. a sudden and»deadly^drawlng-of ithe
eame.but tho "Committee of Public Safe
ty,'.', as it was jestingly called,-, had re
solved that- fwarfels should not be so
promptly settled; the more so that, on
two occasions, when men. In drink had
Ehot their man. they had the next day
been afflicted "-with remorse. It was : a
rough," strange. ¦ unlovely ; camp- that
Diggea "bossed, 'though It was situated
among. some of the, most: Impressive and
picturesque scenery of . Colorado's aurif
erous regions. ' - * -
"Send '.him to Blind Man's Drift." said
Digges, fllliug:.' his glass.
.'Needn t to 'a sent him all the way to
t.i e Drift; had him here. Td 'a* chucked
him under the cars!"
"You are a man of spirit," said Dexter.
"It ain't my habit to be underhand,"
F.iid Digges, still in a soddened and lugu
brious way. "I takes my man square and
fair, and we has it out manful. What do
you want mo- to. do?"- •
"Be;my friend." said Dexter.
"Hnnor!d! Does me proud! Lend me ten
thousand dollars to drive a new shaft be
tween Old Prudent's and the Drift?"
"Certainly iTwill,*'- said Hiram, "with
pleasure. •. What Is ;the use In having
money if you don't do good with it?"
"Noble sentiment," paid Digges. "You're
the right sort «V pard.' sentiment of a mis
sionary, backed with the wealth of a mill
ionaire Here* we , go!" And he emptied
another glass of raw.. rye. ". ••¦• .
By! this time the cars began to fill up.
The track was busy with passengers and
baggage. .. ", . . ,
'•"'I -must be' saying 'good-by, Mr.
Dlgges." said .iiram. who had not quite
rfUshed being addressodas '.'pard" by his
disrejjutable a quaintance; but: when a
man uses dirty tools he must not complain
of;, dirty hands. Dexter -knew this well
enough.. He did not like Dlgges' famillar
.ity. however,' any the more for having to
tolerate it. ;..
."Then-it's agreed -V about '-..< the- twenty
thousand dollars?" . said Digges. stretch
!r~ his legs /beneath- the temporary * table
of,' the car, and looking at Dexter with a
truculent grin. '¦•-' « '¦:•.
"You said tori." . »
."What's -th«r - use of ten?" grunted
Diggcs. "Come to think, it'll take no less
than fifty." ¦ _ -•.. ¦ ¦*¦ ¦ ¦
•"Very well." said Dexter, taking out his
pocketbook. "Here are ten on account
you can send me your acknowledgment
when' you get-to Denver or Kansas" City
or Carson, or the Drift, an-.' time: In fact
•we oulte understand ench other"
Dexter's hands trembled as he fished
the 'bills out -of his ample pocketbook
Dlgges roused himself, pulled in his less'
rose to his feet with a grunt of satisfac
tion,- leaned against the cushioned seat of
the car and took the notes jvlth his heavy
hand, then, looking at them for a mo
ment, doubled themrup, and thrust them
into his capacious, breeches pocket -
"Pard." he said, with a thick utterance
"you are just as white a man as they
make 'em. Send that Britisher right
along."'
' "I will !" said Dexter, vainly endeavor
ing, to repress; a Bhlver that - shook him
from head to foot. , "Good-bye, Mr
"Pantomime fs the only true expres
sion," he replied, taking her into his arms
and kissing her.
"Do you remember me telling 1 you that
you were a bold wooer?"
"I remember every word you have
spoken to me, every glance of your eyes."
"If you had told me then that you were
not half as bold as you would be later;
that I. the tomboy of a military camp, the
runaway from school, the amateur cham
pion frymuast of the Women's Club, tha
girl sailor, the flsherwoman. the boxer,
the woman who had knocked a man down
In the street: that I. Zella Brunnen. would
by and by he -sitting tamely on a sofa.
with a man's arm round my watst and his
kisses on my lips. I would have b<*en
anpry at having such a thing said. It's
quite true, we are poor creatures, after
all." •
"Poor creatures Zella? God's beat work:
'the Surday of raan.' as some poet haa
said, and it must rave been the same who
declared that 'God. who repented of hav
ing- created man, never repented of creat
ing woman.* "
"And I sit and Hsten to you l!ke any
• Chloe to her Strephon! T. who have. In,
my own mind, posed as Diana!"
"Don't say you regret. Zella."
"I don't regret. I never felt so happv
as I feel now. Never so happy, yet never
so fearful. It seems tn me an awful thin?
now that I am brought face to face with
It— the problem of ir.nrriage, the union
of a man and a woman, a tremendous
sacrifice on the woman's part; a new llfo
that may be a heaven upon earth, or a
very hell."
She looked Into his face with her pas
sionate, searching eyes.
He held her hand. There seemed to him
for a moment a rebuke In her question
ing of the future.
"I don't know much about it. Ned. My
mother died when I was too young to
remember her. Eut I have heard that my
father, whom I loved devotedly, was to
her an overbearing, masterful partner. It
might well be. He was a soldier of the
6trong. dominant type, not only a leader
of men. but a commander: brave to reck
lessness; with no love, they said, for any
one but me, his only child. And, oh! to
me he was the gentlest, the sweetest, the
most lovable father, friend, companion,
everything. I rode by his side on an Irt
dian pony often, even when he was recon
noitering the position of the enemy; an
enemy to fall into whose hands was worse
than twenty deaths, the possible horrors
of which for a young girl I had never
understood or dreamed of. Whenever I
have thought of marriage I have felt that
to give nriy love to any other man wr>u]<V
be a kind of sacrilege. And, oh, Ned, I
continually feel sorelv perplexed!"
"My darling." paid Ned. "I welcome this
seriousness that hns come over you. It is
an earnest of your lov«» for me, and it
makes the gift of it all the more pre
cious."
**I don't think I like your going away,
even for a few week*. How Ions before
you return, do you think?"
"All being well, and the enterprise tak
ing the shape I look /or. I will not bo
away more than three months: by which
. time I shall have marie my arrangement*
to come back to you for good, or to fetch
you to Denver or Colorado Springs per
haps, while I go back to Platts Valley
to conclude my investigations, and. be
tween ourselves, sell out my stake and
tal:e you to Europe."
"Vou have no doubts p« to th* result-?"*
"None. The scrip, which D»»xter has
mad* over to rr.e. is salable in Chicago. I
could realize on it for $-1000. It should be
worth in two months' t)m<* as much as
S20.000. When I have conc'»ide<1 ray contri
butions to the Mall Mr. Storey is willing
that I should, for a year at least, repre
sent his paper in London."
"You have made comprehensive plans,
Ned. You are not such a brut business
: man a«« you thought, ire you?"
'.'I have never had such a splendid mo
tive to measure mv wit as?1nst that of
otber men. There is ore In, London who
will not be more surprised at my thought
fulres"* than you. Zella."
"Dick T.orrimer?"
"Yes. Dear old Dick! When I Introduce
Mrs. Edmund Glover to him my rn-p'nos*
will be complt-te. You have a, sympa
thetic feeling toward odd'tles. unconven
tional men and women. He is one of th*»
shrewdest lawyers in London, and rutslde
his profession one of the most unsophis
ticated. Innocent fellows Imaginable: a
great, big boy of five-and-forty. a harh
elor with a heart spacious enousrh for a
gr«»at love; and yet. somehow, as he h^is
often confessed to me, he la too shy to feel
quite at home m women's society, and too
conscious of his own shortcomings ever ti
ask a woman to run the risk of being un
hnnny with him. Such a dear fellow!"
"You persisted in revealing to me your
past. Don't you want to know about
mine?" -
"I read it all in your face In the flash
of a- street lamp that night when It was
Impressed upon my heart and memory for
•ver."
Her head was resting upon his shoulder,
her hand in his: when, suddenly, both
were timidly withdrawn.
"Whist. wht5t, me darllnts!" said Mrs.
O'Hagan. as she gently opened the door,
"It's toime ye was both abed. Ould Glen
coe la pacin' about his room. He slapes
above ye. It's 'fear'd I am he can hear
yer blllin* and cooln*; and that's not th«»
kolnd av music lolkely to comfort an ould
curmudgeon av a bachelor this toime av
night. Come to your bed. Zella. And ye
ye Insinuatin' Saxon vill'ln, let the giri
hav<» her proper rest."
"The dear old busybody!" said Ned be
low his breath. "Good-night, sweetheart."
CHAPTER XV.
CHAPTER XIV.
THE CLOSE OF A HAPPT DAY.
"Talk to me av a foine - handsome
woman loike that fallln* In love wid a face
'nvin a nose on it loikft the handle av a
watering-pot. it's loike axln' ye to taka
paraffin wid yer clarrlt! Sir Arno de Ber
gerac, did they call him? And no wonder:
and ye say there's nawthin* In a name?
Ye might have looked for such a nose
quite natural wid such a christenln!"
"Then, if I had come here with Cyrano's
nose, Mrs. O'Hagan?"
"I'd jest have had Mickey, at th* stables
hard by. set his dog at ye. ... Now
for rale relaxation, and a tear in the right
place, and a laugh when ye want it. give
me thlm plays av Dion Boucicault me
own counthryman. as know'd how to
tickle yer best dispositions; and It's Myles
na Coppaleen and Danny Mann and the
swate Colleen, that's the mixture for a
play. But the man's dead. God rest his
bones, that made 'em. for which matter
so's the other wan. that I loved to sit
under, and bemoan me sins and revel in
the punishments av that ould Scotch
blackgyuard. Macbeth, and his painted-UD
wife. But for all that, me darllnts ye've
given the ould woman a rale good 'toime
and I thank ye. wid all my heart and'
now I'll go to bed. and 1'ave ye to say
•pood-night' to wan another, considerln'
as ye'll soon be parted for awhile* bv
which* token, Mlsther Ned. ye nade have
no fear for the safe-kapln* av yer Jewel
So long as Bridget O'Hagan lives she'll
be her shield and butler, that she will
and. by the saints. I mane to live to be
a hundred and tin. for Zella's sake Me
grandmother was ninety-nine when she
smoked her last polpe on this airth- the
Faints bless her. and give her the swatest
baccy the gardens av Paradise can oer
vide. • ¦ .
••God bless you, Bridget, dear." sa'd
Zelln. embracing her. — •*. oa * u 
"And may ye live as long as iwer ve'vw
SotTcM; S3ld **»•¦"»«"« he^S
"Ah. ye Saxon yill'ln! Ye know how to
put the comither on an ould wnmtn "
• And then Zella and Ned sat slde/hv «,«de
on the fluffy old sofa In Bridget's parlor
and talked of the: future. Young, ensa-ed
people always, do. For them the pa^f H
as dead as yest-rday's newspaper, when
considerations of the nest are afoot
; "I never thought I should h«ve patience
to talk of such things, Ned. We are pSSr
creatures, we .women, after all I am
stronsr-minded compared to most-almon
masculine., quite masculine, some sav
ant yet I seem clay in your hand*
Given myself irp. I suppose; no good
struggling. Fate Is fate, and my fate It
fieved'ii ." marr!ase - I couldn't We be
"Do you reerret It. 7.ella?"
.¦No; though 1 feel It a kind of shame
Indelicate, so to speak, to say so. But I
love you, Ned; and there's m^ore*^
"FOR HE WAS POSSESSED OB* A
DEVIL."
Hiram Dexter's dreaming seemed to last
•11 night. It continued the next day. Nor
did he sleep much on the night following.
The truth la a demon possessed him
There could be no other explanation of
his transformation from a penlal egotist
to a cynic with homicidal Impulses
Storey said Dexter's complaint was
liver. You had only to look at his eyes
to be convinced of that. His eyes wera
yellow where they should be white. His
skin had become dry and parched. H!a
clothes no longer tltted him. When he
was conversational with a man he no
longer looked him In the face. His hair,
which was wont to be smooth and used to
be nicely brushed, had become dry and ob
streperous. The demon drove htm Into a
hurried footstep. He seemed to be look
ing on all sides of the street at once. Ha
would not consult a doctor: but Storey's
favorite physician said he had had a con
gested mind, as well as a congested liver.
Whenever anyone hinted that he did not
look welt he smiled In a cunning kind of
way and said he was glad he didn't carry
a "chestnut bell." as he would have to
be ringing it all the time. The only two
persons with whom he was patient, and
to whose prescriptions of change and rest
he listened with attention, were his typist
secretary and the young fellow to whom.
It was said, she was engaged to b« mar
ried. Dexter was always at leisure to re
ceive Mr. Edmund Glover. There was
nothing h« would not do for him. It wa«
said, indeed, that he had made him his
heir: and the comment of those who knew
the parties well was that the young Eng
lishman would not have long to wait for
his enormous inheritance.
But this was the cunning of the demon
that had slipped Into the body and soul
of the millionaire. HJram Dexter. Surely
there must be such phenomena as that so
much insisted upon in the Scriptures; for
here was a man who had fought his way
through life to an honorable and prosper
ous position— a man of feeling. If not a
man of sentiment; a man with never a
blot upon his character; rich, yet beloved
of many; a speculator whom nobody
culled thief; a man of men among finan
ciers, using his wealth with a generous
. hand; a philanthropist, the founder of
- schools and public libraries, a trifle vul
gar, a trifle plebeian in his manners, per
haps, but a man of fine impulses and hon
• est emotions, changed almost In a week,
ami in four entirely metamorphosed.
Zella and Ned Glover were sympathetic
enough to the poor old fellow; but they
were too much occupied with their happi
ness to pay anything like an exaggerated
attention to hla Indisposition.
Thf days had inarched on Into week3.
the weeks had brought summer, and the
mellowing sun of the autumn had smiled
upon Glover's suit. Zella had consented
to become his wife immediately on his re
turn from Platte Valley. Dexter had ex
tended a kind -of benevolent approval of
the arrangement. Storey had doubled
Ned's salary, and allowed him carts
blanche in regard to any. expenses h*
might consider necessary in the exploit
ing of the new region in the columns of
the Mall. At the same time, if he found
,lt more to his interest to take hold of tha
mining business and make the newspaper
a secondary consideration he had Storey's
permission to do what he thought best tor
himself.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
(Continued nest -r*** *
IN MALE ATTIRE
8-lph-RE isr/t a house party on record
I that can equal the cr.e given by the
jl peat Cfciff KcdawatL To be «ere,
2:e cal's it a potlach. tut Ifs all the
F3rr.>? in the end.
Kotfawatt iater.ded that rone should
exttl He srent B300 to that purpose. He
ha-r.ds down his name to his children ?.nd
his children's children ar.<J to their chil
dren for eer.«ra-.ior.s to ecme: Ilodatratt.
the frrtatest, the rr.ost generous chi?fta!a
cf ail the tribes that pecp!* Alaska.
"I r.ill save a few hur.<ireJ dollars t"»
help support me In ray old age." he s=ail
¦w'h*Ti he jUanr.ed the potlach. Then, as
Jts p'.ar.!< ?rew:
"I wll! reserve not a rer.t," he cried. "I
tvJ!1 give array ail that I have ar.d none
Eha.Il eic*l m« in g^r.msltv."
It vr*? the <3<flre cf old Chief Kodat-3Tt.
trbo led the Intertribal wars of the Chil
kats in his younger day* tut who is now
dying- of cor.fumption. that this potlach
should he a gnat peace of the
northern trih.-r=. it was. too. to be the last
great feast, f.ir the Indians have assured
Governor Rrartv of Alaska, that the cus
tcrri v.::! now Lc «bendo3ed by them.
9
THE SUNDAY CALL.
Major Hovey 'came up from Skagua^. A
potlach literally means "a. giving fr^ast":
but It Is more. It Is a "jag" of generosity.
Imagine President McKlnley or I-ord Sal
isbury gathering some 4000 of their friends
about them and collecting all the moneya.
securities, stocks and cash that they pos-<
sessecl, giving a banquet at which, after
a cotillon, they would give "all their world
ly goods away— a bunch of mining stocks
to one. a parcel of consols to another, and
so on. That is what an Indian potlach
would be if paralleled by the custom of
the white men.
Kodawatt has been saving for two years
for this great potlach, which we have Just
s'-en. lie had amassed $3009. which to
the Indian parallels him with the white
millionaire, and now, as the fires die out
on the beach and visitors are embarking
in their canoes, he is practically a pauper.
The gathered Indians were indeed a pic
turesque crowd.
They came dressed as usual in Ameri
can clothes— the kind of clothes they col
lect in trade and begging and stealing. A
tennis suit with a silk hat is good form
among the si washes, and a, swallow-tail
with yachting cap is still more swagger.
When the potlach begins, paint and feath
ers are added to these costumes and there
Is the correct thing for you.
Some .wore huge masks representing
birds and beasts and cloaks of 1 feathers,
giving them the supposed appearance of
animals or birds; others smeared their
faces with red clay, with' stolen paint or
with stove polish.. These were the dancers
and "hamatsu," or medicine men.* ¦ All
A 'cannon was fired and as the canoes
swung in to the beach and were. hauled
up the visitors were warmly welcomed.
They were led to the large huts, where
circled around the sides sat the klooteh
men and in a closer circle were the
braves.* • Suddenly as the visiting Indians
marched around like the dancers at the
opening of a white man's ball, a weird
shriek resounded through the hut and
then came a number of answering yells
from behind many blankets strung like
an amateur theatric curtain at the end of
the -hut. Old • Kodawatt marched' slowly
and solemnly upthV hall and cutthe cord
In which the blankets were suspended.
Down they came in a heap and thereon
a rude ptetf orm were two dozen Chilkat
dancers. The yells which inaugurated the
The prompt guests had been , lounging
about the beach all dav waiting for the
Sitkas. 'At last as. evening fell a runner
came along the beach announcing the
coming of the belated canoes. They were
Just around the bend, in many boats, said
the runner. Then they hove around the
bank, ten long canoes resplendent with
color. There were from a score to thirty
people in each boat, and. each was clad In
Ilia or her best shawl, blanket and leg
gings. " Some had maces carved like
totems and others- carried staffs huns;
with many colored ribbons. All had great
American flags at their bow. \
wore all their finery and some were draped
with American flags. Yellow and green,
with perhaps a little touch of pink, made
a charming costume for the klootehmen,
for the Indians revel in riots of color.
dance had subsiaea into a guttural mono
tone of "Ohs" and "Ahs," and the assem
bled guests chanted dirge-like ad the
dance wont on. Squaws mechanically beat
tom-toms and more prosaic tin cans. The
Indian dance Is not graceful to the white
observer. It seoms to be a rhythmic hop
ping and jumping from one foot to the
other until exhaustion compels the danc
ers to subside.
As the dance went on messengers from
time to time came in arfd announced the
coming of the Invited chiefs, for it is the
style in Indian society, for menof rank
to attend the feasts late. Each person's
place is duly, reserved and he is escorted
to it. As the chiefs entered they were
cheered according to their popularity.
.The- food Is not served until all the in
,vited .ones arrive.
' The Chilkat dancers, having finished the
gyrations, the different totems — each fam
ily has a separate totem — took turns at
entertaining. The Sitkas had planned
something out of the ordinary. Amtyl the
yells of the assembled slwashea. they be
gan the war dance. It consists of a num
ber of ¦ Indians- running to and fro, now
and then Jumping on one leg. Jingling
bell-hung spears, yelling and firing guns.
The men and women do not dance to
gether. The men dance while the women
chant and beat time.
Gradually the frenzy of the dancers In
creased, and then came the now seldom
seen Tamanamass dance, the devil dance
of the old midwinter feasts. Then came
one in which so realistic was the acting
that the troops Interfered, and the officer
The fact that th* Wrangels flld not at
tend detracted nothing from the cplendor
of this last of Indian potlaches. For
weeks were coming the great flotillas of
flag-draped canoes. The Auks, Killisnoos.
Takus. Sticks. Hoonahs and Sltkas all
drew up their long canoes on the shingle
covered beach in front of the large square
huts of Kodawatt. everybody waiting for
the beginning of the feast. The ever bois
terous young bucks were daily becoming
more boisterous, and the hootchinoo was
being consumed. There were several
minor cutting affrays. Truly, the Indian
spirit was working up. Because of the
licisterousnes? ther* were other visitors
for the potlach. The colored troops of
w«>r» the Romans and the women of the
AVrangcls the stolen maidens of the Sa
binrs. 3hc squaws and children were car
ried away and made slave-3. This is the
ivason that there Is a f*-ud between the
Chilkat*. Hoonahs and Sitkas and Wran
g»ls. The fighting fore* of the Wrangels
was 50 decimated by this massacre that it
ha_* not recovered to this day. and has,
therefore, been unable to retaliate.
The massacre was the culmination of a
long war. In which the great flotillas of
canoes had fought at sea. villages had
hocn surprised and land battle3 fought.
Thousands of lives lost, for the to
t<-m.s trll all thpse things. Aivl now, at
the close of the civilized nineteenth cen
tury, when even a heathen becomes a
modern, a peacp was made between old
Shale* of the V,' range-la and Kodawatt of
the Chllkats. Tills great potlach Just wit
nessed at ICJukv.-an was held In celebra
tion of the r>«ac«>. Alas though for the
frailness of humanity, the peace treaty
was sr»on brok< n. Chief Kodawatt went
down to YVrangel with the invitation ex
tended to that tribe, and while there,
Orank too much hootchinoo. got. drunk
er.'l was robbed of $700. This 4700 put an
end to any lasting peace prospects of the
Alaskan Indians.
The feud long 2go In blood, ra
pine and pillase at Wrangcl. There had
been etrife for vears between the Wran
pcls. a warlike tribe, and the Chllkats,
Hoonahs and other northerners, and when
peace was made over a hundred years a.go
a potlach was planned at \V ran gel in
honor of the peace. The army went from
the north to ihe Stikine mouth bearing
gifts of meat and wine. £0 to speak. o-s:t-n
eibiy on a friendly visit. They had whale
meat, the gr«-ate*t of eiwash delicacies,
end hootchinoo. the vile native brew of
mar.y Ftrange intrredlents. A significant
fact, though, which evidently the Wran
pels had overlooked, was that Instead of
Having number*, of klootehmen, as Is the
custom when on friendly visits, every sin
gle occupant of the canoe was a buck.
A grand feast was given. The visitors
brought out their supplies of whale meat.
celmon bellies, berries preserved In fish
oil and large fkins of hootchfnoo. The
northerners drank little, but the unsus
r>«Hrtlng Wrangrls were soon Intoxicated.
The visitors then treacherou«ly fell upon
them. At a given eignal the Chllkats
sprang up with a whoop and tomahawked,
*t*bbed. clubbed and butchered the de
fmseWs Wraneels. tilt all that were left
¦were t.he old men. The totem carved his
tories tell the story of the awful may<acre
•wfcirn ensued. The allied northern irlbes
The Ftory cf Chfpf TCo«iawatt's concep
tion of the pear* potiaeh. is this: In the
days cf the Klondike ru«h there were
many miners who tvent in ovpt the Dalton
trail, and som^ ca:np*d in the Indian vil
lage of Klukwan. It was* <iu«? to the trans-
Iati^ to Chief Kodawatt of a newspaper
dispatch regarding The Hague peare con-
UrftrA* by one cf the prospector? that the
idea was born. A feud had lartM between
th*» tribes of Lynn Canal and the Stiklne
for over a century, and he wanted to
make peare amorg tbe tribes, but. like the
White Czar, this Jndlan Nicholas has
failed.
It was a great potlach, but sad to say
failed of its Intended object. The pot
lach was. however, given a historical sig
nificance, owing to a meeting held a
couple of weeks prior between th«» Indiana
and Governor Brady at Haines. The Gov
ernor had addressed the Indians. Impress
ing upon them their responsibility and the
great extravagance and ¦ superstitious
trend of potlaches. He had requested that
they be abandoned and the Indian chiefs,
much Impressed by the Governor's ad
dress, had promised that &!s should be
the last held In Alaska,
Yellow Mas was.
She danced and sar.sr and threw her
arms about the neck of her new master.
This made her loser angry to bursting. It
is bad enough to lose, without having the
very stakes crow over your loss. That Is
how It came about that there was an al
tercation between two Takus.
The gambling was one of the principal
features of the- festival, and when It was
over a good many sadder and wiser In
cianq returned home penniless and squaw
less. They determined to make this tha
greatest event of their lives, and they
gambled with everything except their
own lives for stake?. First went b«ads and
feathers and embroidery: next -blanket.*
and provisions; lastly wives. Th« latter
are sometimes rebellious and are even
bad form enough to make a scene. On
other occasions they are pleased with tha
transfer.
• "And you won't want to come back to
a. drunken husband, so you see"—— he
argued.
"I'd rather stay with you. drunk or •
sober." purred Pegleg Kit. The last seen,
of her sho was putting one of her spouse's
enemies into her own mouth to spare hla
brains, and their arms were lovingly en
twined--
"More, hootchinoo." Kodawatt com
manded before the bottles were halt
empty. Long Tom had a bottle In each
hand and he was drinking from botn at
once.
Pegleg Kit. his squaw, was remon
strating.
"You'll be drunk." she said.
"Who cares?" gurgled Tom.
"I care."
"Why?" _
"You'll gamble me away If you seV
drunk. You always do."
"I always win you back as soon as rna
sober."
"You'll never get sober enough to wia
me back after this potlach." she cried,
gently trying to pull the bottles. away ana
•pill their contents.
Tha morrow brought the feast. Unlike
the feasts of old. there was no supply of
whale oil. no old-time delicacies. Ther»
was salmon galore, pilot bread, canned
goods, cakes, crackers, sugar In lumps.
candles, canned fruits, to say nothing oi
the "Hootah." It was a sufficiency that
many white:* would have enjoyed, but for
the ever-pervading smell of Bah oil. The
food was piled up on a platform like ta
bles and the guests came as though to a
buffet at a reception, ate and carried away
more to eat later.
who grave the order for Interference will
probably never forget the surprise he re
ceived. He went to pick up a dead man
and found him standing: behind the hue
washing himself.
The pfrformsrs were supposed to be
¦wolves, and with the exception of mask3
*cnd feathery cloaks on their shoulders
they were naked. The dancer appeared
a yell from behind the blanket cur
tain, and with his naked arms tied'be
hind his hare back he ran about snap
. ping and biting at the assembled guests.
Long cords were tied to his pinioned
arms, and holding 1 these like reins the na
tives led him about as he snapped and
snarled. The spectators chanted the wolf
song- and sang of the glories of their an
cestors as the dancer, gradually foaming
at the mouth more and , more. Jumpevt
about like a mad animal. At length — and
here 13 where the white spectators shud
dered—the chief of the dancer's tribe step
ped forward and plunged a knife Into the
wild dancer's back. He plunged forward
as though in search of shelter. Another
stroke of the dagger was given and the
blood flowed freely down the victim's
back. Surely it was time to Interfere and
one of the- white spectators cried out to
the soldiery. Blow after blow fell and
the victim. V-Ith his back reddened with
gpre. staggered and fell, prostrate and
stiff, seemingly in death. ?
It locked like a tragedy until, with a
roar of laughter, the darky soldier sent
to find the body of the victim found it
washing Its face at a tap. The order to
arrest the murderer was at once recalled.
The killing had been a make-believe one.
Hidden under the cloak of the dancer
were long- strings of kelp, and these were
filled with "blood" made of a mixture of
red gum, rosin oil and water, which la
used for coloring the inside of canoes.
This was the piece de resistance, and now
the crowd was in a- frenzy. •
All night they danced, and In the early
morning came the potlach proper. Stand
ing on a platform behind a great pile of
blankets was the old chief. Kodawatt. and
near by was Sub-chief George Shortrldge.
Some of the b'anketsr-there were thou
sands — were unmistakably of native man
ufacture but others bore the trade marks
of American woolen mills. There was also
a pile of white cotton and a miscellaneous
heap of other goods, trom pilot bread to
cases of boots. This 13 the event of the
potlach feast. Kodawatt, chief of all the
Chllkats. was about to pay some long
standing- debts to his tribesmen and give
presents to his guest* from other reserva
tions. From the proud position of a well
to-do chief he was to suddenly drop to
: that of a poverty stricken and consump
tive old chief, with the memory of having
given the last of .the potlaches to cheer
him as he passed on to the grave. As he
stood on- this platform in front of his
lodjre Kodawatt was welcomed with a
loud chant, in which were mingled the
cries of animals, the tribal cries of the
different totems, for each family supposes
itself to have, descended* from some par
ticular animaL Raising his wrinkled
hand, the -venerable chief made his
"wawa." Ho told of how glad he was to
give to his friends: of past potlaches he
had seen, none of which rivaled this one
in splendor: of how great he was. The
speech over, the attendants wound the
blankets and cU.ths around the two chiefs
until they looked like two great mum
-mles. • Thty were hidden in the folds un
til. after listening to the song» of tha
gathered tribes, they unwound them
•selves.- - ¦ ¦ - k
Alaska Indian who has given away his
Fortune at a yrand
Potlachmanagers of the San Francisco Ifursery
for Homeless Children are confronted by
the demands of seventy-five, and ten to
cne they are doing it with less clucking
than most of the mothers in lown?
Have you ever been out there or have
you visited any other similar institution?
If you haven't, you cannot imagine the
responsibility; cannot conceive of the
thousand and one calls that are made
upon the matron; cannot realize what it
means to be the head and front of such
a borne.
The home Is run like ainachine from
front door to back, and there are many
rules. The forms of discipline would do
credit to West Point, tut there Is 1 a spirit
of good temper Infused into them.
The rooms are large, airy and snnny.
The kitchen is tne roost attractive room in
the entire house. A great stove Is there,
and immense pots and kettles all trying
to see which one can cutshlne the others,
an . enough provisions to feed a regiment.
Off the kitchen is a small room fitted up
with a sink and bath. Here the oldest
girls wash and wipe the . dishes— granite
ones, by the way. They set the table, too.
These girls, although the biggest of the
lot are so small that they have to stand
on a box in order to reach the dlshpan.
and even then their little rubber aprons
are liberally bespattered in their effort to
stretch. But be It said to their credit,
the floor is absolutely dry.
"Want to come and see me set the
table?" asked a small maid, as ehe took
all the dishes she could carry and started
for the dining-room. £ne tottered - under
them and a visitor jumpcd s to check what
she thought was to* be an avalanche. of
saucers, but with a dextrous lift of her
apron she caught them and gave the visi
tor a scornful glance. * .'•'
"Want to come?" she repeated.'
Of course, everybody did. • '
J^Tou see there are about seventy down
here, and so it takes a long, long time '0
set all the tables," she explained.'.
In the dining-room were five long tables
covered with white oilcloth.
It didn't take so long a timo as she had
warned, for she put , only ~ a ' . plate, . cup,
knife, fork and. spoon at each place.
Babies don't care for bread -.'and butter
plates, three sets of knives and forks and
half a dozen glasses. ' They can be Just
'.dren In overalls and give them a sandpile
'to slide; down, a few trees to climb, and
they are healthy. At least these children
; are, 'and there are so many of them that
* one' ought to be'; able to ; make a pretty
fair ( study ¦ of childhood right within, the
fences of the home.
-The* children who areold enough po. to
the public school, and after school they
.have a good play," followed by household
lessons. These are not whom the nursery
1 is meant for. Little children— as the word
Implies— are sheltered.. .Babies
grow, however, and they may stay there
until a good home is. provided for them.
. To have children adopted and given good
homes is the reward' that, pleases the ma
tron most. '¦'¦',.
Sunday Is the youngsters' best day, In
the week. They congregate In the sitting
room and hear stories 'from the Bible, and
then they all sing at the tops of their.lit
tle voices. Some are in tune and some
are out; but nobody cares. If they get
more pleasure than you who listen, It is
because you are more fastidious than
waxm-hearted, and ¦ you may sro back to
your old Wagner, where you belong. •,
If the Sunday is pleasant the children
take \ a walk. All through the week they
look; forward to the songs, and the walk
of Sunday, and when Monday morning
comes again they begin to look forward to
the next one.
Many ; of these little people are far hap
pier than they would be in their' own
homes. Some of them have mothers who
work and cannot keep them at home, aa4
so pay J3 a month for a > home, ; clothes
and* training. Some of them tare left on
the front steps. ; - . /'•'
Sad little stories are always coming up.
Last week a girl went out to the home to
place her baby there. She had been mar
ried in secret, lived at home and kept on
working In a box factory. ; Her family
noticed that she was not : as cheerful ' as
was her wont, and after some persuasion
she confided in her mother.
Then her mother went to the man and
asked why he didn't provide for his wife.
He told her that he could do nothing at
all; that h«> was married", had expected a
divorce,, but had failed to get it. When a
policeman went to arrest him- he had dis
appeared and had taken another woman
vita Mm.
grown by your own little folks will f!l
somebody in the home. Trousers thai
your Johnnie has worn through, gowni
that your Susie has torn, can be mad«
use of. The matron of the home can
turn to account anything in the way of
clothing. Try her and see.
On the afternoon of November 24 the la
dles interested In the home are to give a
kettledrum in the maple room of the Pal
ace Hotel. Then there will be a chance
for everybody to lend a helping hand to
the youngsters who came so near being
left - out in this world's scramble fot
places. x
In France a woman may appear In mas
culine attire if she pay a license fe« of $10
a year.
Seventy-five hungry mouths to feed and
seventy-five tiny bodies to clothe and
keep warm.
Very likely you have one, or possibly
two. and you go clucking about lik.e the
proverbial hen and drive yourself de
tracted during the night and your friends
<ji'Hr,ir ,he day. Did you know that the
SEVENTT and five babies under one
roof.
Think of It for a minute. Doesn't
it almost give you nervous prostra
tion?
This ia only one little story. There *r«
many, many more, and they are all tadlj
alike. It. Is to" rewrite these little stories
that the home exists.
It takes money and a quantity of it to
keep such an establishment in smooth
running order. The State gives to it so
much a month, the membersof the board
pay so much a year and charitable per
sons send clothes and provisions. Th»
Wells-Forgo Express Company will de
liver free any parcel weighing not over
fifty pounds. Clothing tb^liasJtHjen out-
The tiny babies' room comes next. It
looks for all the world like a doll houss.
tits chairs and benches are only elx
'inches high; its cribs are MUputlan. Each
jwindow has a wire screen firmly fastoned
fa, for no matter how amall a youngster
clean.' At either end of the room sleeps *
a nurse, and If anything unusual happens,
such as a youngster's. falling out. of bed
or the appearance of a bogle man, these
nurses are always near at hard.
as happy for that matter If they don't
have any at an.
"Help me pull this bench up, please?"
m» little friend said briskly.
Benches are better, you see, than chairs,
as they .don't take up nearly bo much
room, v and with < a nurse at each end to
keep the row from falling down *like so
many nine-pins, they answer the purpose |
beautifully.
- Upstairs the first room entered is the
sick ward. It has four beds and any num
ber of playthings, but nary a chick nor
child. That is -why Dr. Manning puffs out
his chest when you look In upon hisdo
'maln. He. is. proud .to bursting over Its
emptiness. "We don't give them any ex
cuse for staying in this room," he boasts.
One reason for this, he will tell you, is
, the strict enforcement of the rule:
"All eatables must first pass through
the hands of the matron." Stale candy
%nd old fruit are an enemy, and the ser
vices of the doctor are often required ..
after them. .-. ' — '- s * ~ -
All the" girls over 4 sleep in one large .
room. Here stand row after row of little
white-enameled beds, with tiny counter-'
panes and pillow slips, all Immaculately
THE SUNDAY CALL.
10
may be the spirit cf- Investigation nnd
mischief is always sure to be present In
his mind when nobody Is watching.
The rollicking boys have a. house all to
themselves. It was originally used as' a
gymnasium. It is finished in hard-wood.
Here the boys can have most glorious pil
low fights and see ¦who can. shoot beans
the longest distance, and shinny up and
down the smooth bracings; that is. if they
don't; get caught. Woe -unto the fellow
who falls. to be peacefully • snoring when
the nurse' makes h?r appearance!
At one end of the room Is a platform,
and there he muft stand, thinking of his
misdeed, until he is duly penitent — or at
least ready to sny po on account of the
cold.
There Is but one noticeable difference In
the girls' and boys' apartments. The Iron
beds are the fame, the curtains are «the
same and even the,clothesracks: but the
boys'' counterpanes -are green instead of
white.
The most popular place, is the play
yard. It Is considerably over a half-block
long, and Its furnishings are trees and a
big sand pile in the middle. Dress ,chil-PAN AMERICAN EXPOSITION AT BUFFALO.
There are those who not only demand
second place for the bustard, but are In
clined to give to him first place among
the birds that fly. Even such an emi
nent authority as J. E. Harting of Lon
don seems to incline that way. But the
biggest bustard Mr. Harting cites Is the
Seville bustard, with a weight of thirty
pounds, and the biggest authentic spread
of wings he cites is only seven feet three
inches. The German naturalist, the
younger Naumann. tells of bustards
weighing thirty-two pounds, and says
that he ha3 been assured of the former
existence of specimens of the bird weigh
ing thirty-five or thirty-eight pounds.
theory is that the tnrkey navned himself
by his peculiar "cluck," which, sounds
like "turk. turk, turk."
The turkey, however, while he has the
weight, lacks the lirimense spread of wing
which birds of the eagle tribe have, and
this gives the harpy ejigle an advantage
In the competition. Until the recent dis
covery of the harpy eagle in- the Philip
pines it was. supposed that It existed no
where except in South America. ! with a
related form in New Guinea. There is a
splendid specimen of the harpy eagle in
the Washington Zoological Park which
weighs between 28 and SO pounds. When
it is considered that the gold eagle weighs
only 12 pounds, the sea eagle only 16
pounds and the Spanish imperial eagle
only a little over 10 pounds, it will be
seen that the harpy undoubtedly is en
titled to be considered the largest of
eagles, if not the second largest of fly-
Ing birds. No measurements which can
be accepted as scientific records have
been taken by the ornithologists of the
length of body and spread of wing of this
great and fierce bird, but It is estab
lished that the bird has c spread of at
least 10 to 12 feet.
*j tJenJamln Franklin wanted to have tne
turkey adopted as the- national bird of
the United States Instead of the eagle,
and made out a good case for the bird
as against the claims of his successful
rival. Why the. bird in question Is called
a turkey ha3 been much discussed with
out reaching any definite conclusion. One
Copyright. 1P00. by Quail &. Warner.
F=ip3 HE ornithologists of Great Britain
and America have Just finished a
spirited discussion which has lasted
for more than a year, as. to which Is
_ st bird that files. The prize has
been awarded to an American bird, the
. • • ndor of the Andes. To another
v. :..'h Js an American now, has been
the Eeoond prize. It Is tho fierce
eagle of the Philippines. Our own
..:.,¦ y ¦. omes very near the* second place,
I Iceland succeeds in a present at
: ut r*. introducing the famous great
. Into the tight little island, It will
: • next largest bird to our turkey.
discussion, the term "largest"
• B< fined as moaning: a bird which
th the largest spread of wing and
tfa< heaviest weight. This combination o*
two ( i-.^er-.tiu'-s hc.s made the exact choice
for second, third and fourth place a mat
ter for fine calculation. But there Is no
question abo;:t th« choice for first place.
The condor is kir.g.
In the United States we have, besides
the turkey, four other birds which are
ranked high in the list cf the largest fly
ing birds. They are the beautiful golden
eagle, the national bald-headed eagle, the
great wild swan known specifically as the
Whoopcr, and the California condor,
which is almost aa large as . his South
American brother.
In many respects the South American
condor Is the most remarkable of all liv-
Jr.g creatures. N'o other bird can fly so
high. HuznboMt saw one flying over
Ch'.rnbcrazo at a height of over 23,000 feet.
It scerr.s to fy as easily and breathe as
css'ly Jn the rarefied atmosphere at that
great height as it does at the level of tho
F*a. No other created being can do this,
x=.s no ether living creature can 15ft itself
BO far above the earth. When flying it
ezV.s In majestic circles or hangs poised
in the a!r as If suspended there by an In
visible cord. Darwin once watched a cqn
<5r>r for half a-n hour as it hung over an
Arsdean valley and never ence did he de
tret the slightest movement In the great
bird or its wide-spread pinions. Its home
!s sbove the snow line, and it chooses as
Its favorite dwelling n'.nrrs where £TCat
Probably no other created animal -has
such keen sitrht as the condor. From tre
mendous heights and from great distances
it can spy a carcass and will swoop down
on it with the rush and speed of the wind
sweeping through the mountain gorges.
Though a good sized condor measures lif
teen feet in its expanse of wing— condors
have been shot with that . spread— there
seems to be no authentic record of tne
weight of a condor that size. The weight
of the bird is estimated by good authori
ties, however, at about forty pounds for
one with a tlf teen-foot spread of wing. OM
travelers' tales tell of condor? with' an
eighteen-foot spread of wing, but there is
no authentic record of a bird having been
measured which comes up to those figure-.
Two fine specimens of this condor reached
the New York Zoological Society recently
and are Installed now in a . cage in th-j
Bronx-Park, New York. They are not
nearly full grown, but they are huge birds
even at the present stage of their develop -
In putting forward the claims of the
turkey to be the third largest bird that
flies, if not the second, the tame as well
as the wild bird must be taken Into con
sideration: for the domestic turkey cer
tainly can fly and sometimes ascends to
the "Upmost top of the tallmost tree,"
though he is not so lively on the wing
as his wild brother. /'The wild turkey,"
says William T. Hornaday of the New
York Zoological Gardens, ""Is the king of
game birds," and a faraway look comes
into his eyes as If he were thinking of
•his Thanksgiving dinner. There is a wild
turkey in the Zoological Gardens which
arrived there last spring— a beautiful
specimen. He weighs 2S pounds now and
is increasing. Domestic turkeys of 30
pounds are not uncommon, and Audubon
speaks of one which weighed 36 pounds.
Bonaparte— not the great emperor, but his
brother L-ucien, Prince of Canino— In his
work on "American Ornithology," speaks
of turkeys weighing 40 pounds and re
gards all reports of larger birds as "fab
ulous"
cliffs descend sheer down for thousanc
Of feet. It wanders sometimes to where
the cliffs of Patagonia frown over the
troubled seas, but prefers to seek Its food
in the mountain valleys. It is a bird
blessed with an appetite as remarkable as
Itself, and one condor has been known to
devour a calf, a dog and a. sheep in a
single week. On the other hand, it can
go without food for more than forty days.
By preference the condor feeds on carrion,
but if no carrion offers It will not hesitato
to attack sbcep. soats or small deer.
The steinadler builds his rude nest on
the sides of ste"ep rocky walls so smooth
that not even the chamoi3 can gain a foot
hold on them. All sorts of tales are told
about him. So great is the awe in which
he Is held that the wildest stories find
ready credence even among the mountain
eers, because they know what a terrible
bird he is. The Swiss say that the stein
adler never drink3 water, but quenches
hi* thirst w ; ith blood only, and there aro
many stories of hunters who have been
hurled to their death by the determined
attacks 'of a bird which thought its nest
in danger.
An eagle which, though smaller than
any of those mentioned. 13 dreaded most
thoroughly, because of its fearlessness
and fierceness, is the savage and power
ful Alpine eagle, known In Switzerland as
the steinadler (stone eagle).
The laemmergcier, the great bearded
vulture of the Alps, 13 the bird told of
mo«=t frequently in song and story as a
kidnaper. As a matter of fact. It is doubt
ed by the best authorities if the laemner
gcier ever stoops to any but a carcass.
Nevertheless, there have been pretty well
established cases of its having carried off
young lambs and kids, and one has been
shot while eating a rabbit which it had
Ju3t killed. • Yet one naturalist wba
watched the laemrnergeier for twelve
years never once saw the bird attack any
thing alive. The laemmergeier sometimes
weighs sixteen pounds and has a wing
expanse of over nine feet. It in thought
that the depredations of eagles have given
to the laemmergeier its bad, name by get
ting their exploits mixed up with his.
A harpy eagle could carry off a small
baby if it felt so disposed and the gohlt-n
e.agle can carry off a small fawn or kul
or a wild turkey, and does it when oppor
tunity offers. The latter sometimes weighs
twelve pounds and has an expanse of wtnjc
of seven feet and a half. It Is capable of
enduring extreme cold and is immensely
strong for its size. The prey which it
kills and carries off frequently exceeds
its weight. "With Its remarkable keenness
of vision It espies its prey from a great
height and falls upon It with tremendous
velocity and unerring precision. The bird
is common in this country, but seldom seen
in-the Eastern States. It lives to extreme
age. if it meetg with no miahap, and there
Is an authentic record of one living for
over a century in captivity. The American
eagle — that «is. the so-called bald-headed
eagle, which is not bald-headed at all— is
a fish-eating bird generally, though it will
not disdain flesh, when It can get It, an<l
often attacks small quadrupeds and
smaller birds. Accor<1ing k to Audubon the
bald eagle can ascend until it disappears
from view, without any apparent motion
of Its wings of tall. It groves to be about
twelve pounds in weight.
In speaking of big flying birds, thf» wild
swan should not be forgotten. This bird
sometimes attains to a weight of twenty
five pounds, and has an expanse of wins
of seven feet. The aibatross sometimes
weighs seventeen pounds and., has four
teen feet expanse of wing.
From the earliest timer, the t'.esr. 01 ma
bustani nas Deea the tit-lit; tit ot epicures,
wmch will account fur im ttUtBctlon in
the British isira anu the fact thai, it 1*
now not common in isormwesttra ISuropc
'It is a shy oini, and live.; tamely on a
vegetable uiet. \\ nen on too wins its
flight is as majestic as that of tru- eagle.
In tne last century tne ou.-turd begun tt»
be cxtremtiy rare in fclnsrianfi. anu in the
early part of the century inc mru.s were
met with oniy occasionally «;i oui of lh>s
way places. \Vh;it were ir.c ladt two re
cordcl British bustard* oi the old stoetc
were killed in Norfolk in ISO. but hardly
a month passes without a report troin
some one »n some part of Kn$iaml who
believes that he has ssefn ecu Of Ibew
Immense creatures. Naturally tne thought
of so huge a bird living W « crowued,
country Uxe Kngland appeals to all that
Is romantic in man. several imported
bustards have recently been turned out
on an estate In NorfolK (the county from
which they disappeared) with the inten
tion of making ti.e breed again as com
mon as a game bird in Knglami, but they
have not thriven well. England stems to
be populated too thickly lor the liklnij
of the bustard, which is fend of the soli
tude of deeply wooded and little frequent
ed regions.
If the present attempt of one of the rirh
English landowners la successful, tho
bustard may people English covers again,
as he did long ago. A rloclt has been* im
ported from Spain ami liberated, and no*.
tices have bfen spread all throws;^ the
Island warning all sportsmen of the at
tempt and asking them not to molest the
birds.
THE SUKDAY CALL.
TUKRE are Americans who have not
s»pent the past season In Paris. You
don't believe this, of course, If you
w-ere there. You think that you saw
all America present in full force. But
you didn't. There were the stay-at-homes
and some of them were quite capable of
appreciating an exposition.
They were the people with champagne
appetites and beer pocketbooks. For them
the champagne is going to bo attainable
In the year 1901. An exposition is coming
to their very doors. The Pan-American
exhibit will take place at Buffalo, and
the people who could not, reach Paris, or
pay its prices having reached it. may
wear out shoe leather and kodaks to their
hearts' content.
The buildings are already nearing com
pletion. Now the framework of the prin
cipal buildings has been covered with
staff and the staff itself is receiving the
varied tints and brilliant hues which to
gether with the architecture are to dis
tinguish in outward appearance this ex
position of all the Americas from any
that has preceded it, and which will mark
the beginning of a new era in exposition
building.
Perhaps popular interest centers most
Just now in the building of the great
electric tower and in the development of
the splendid color scheme, under Mr. C.
Y. Turner's direction. The construction
of the tower is a wonderful work in engi
neering. -
From the tower the eye glances west
ward and catches the glint of the sun
light on the now completed towers of the
machinery and transportation buildings.
Fancy a campanile of some old Mexican
cathedral, rejuvenated by magic, exquis
itely colored by the hand of an artistic
genius and thrust against a Venetian sky.
If you can do this you can perhaps get
an Idea of the beauties of the towers of
this building.
A groat feature of the Pan-American
Exposition at Buffalo. N. Y.. will be the
sculptural adornments of the principal
buildings and the many groups of beauti
ful figures upon the fountains and colon-
nades, in the courts and plazas and in other
parts cf the exposition grounds.
Besides the big buildings there will be
oddities Just as at ewty exposition. Tha
midways and the "freak" buildings are
always popular. Buffalo is going to cater
to this popularity in a new way by show
ing an American Indian village. The vih
lage of the Six Nations Indians on the
grounds of the Pan-American Exposition
at Buffalo, N. Y., which is intended as a
historical exhibit of the aboriginal people
of the eastern part of the United Statco,
will be surrounded by a stockade such a.s
the Indians built in olden times to pro
tect their villages from the unexpected
attack of an enemy. . •
Californians need not bo homesick next
summer in New York State. Already Cali
fornia is making preparations to "do her
self proud" Just as she always does. Sh3
will show as much big fruit as usual, and
it expects to be bigger than ever. She
will send wine to tempt the god Bacchus
himself, and olive oil and nuts and vege
tables. And of course there will be a big
book in which you can register your own
name and read that of everybody you
ever knew from Slsklyou to San Diego.
Pan-American, Indeed.
11
The Biggest Bird That Flies.THE SUNDAY CALL.
12
5T Is seldom enough, goodness knows,
that San ; Francisco has a chance to
wear opera cloaks. That is reason all
sufficient- why she should don as much
chiffon and velvet and lace as she v can
carry and flatter forth like a flock of but
terflies in slimmer.
Don't mistake, for. a minute the meaning
of cloak and; fancy that it. has. iny con
nection with the old idea of covering or
hiding. Your, cloak is in" itself at. Iea3t
half of your display. It Is as rich in fab
ric, as delicate in tint as the opera gown,
and it costs as much. too. It may reach
to the waist, the knees, "the floor:, tha
more there is of it the more room for
elaboration of ruillc. applique and em
broidery. Witness those .which have re
cently .attracted so much attention in the
windows of the AVliitc House.
Panne velvet is the favorite fabric.
Even plain panne velvet will not satisfy
the searcher after novelties; the newest if
shaded. Therefore shaded she must have.
The -White House shows one whose tint
ing: waves, from pink to yellow and back
again, just as ihe stripps in the sky wave
at sunrise. Yoke and collar of the wrap
are covered with ¦ shirred .chiffon of pin*
and. yellow. Pink satin lines the garment
and shimrrers at. every swing, for the lin
ings of these wraps m'u^t not be too care
fully concealed. They are meant to ba
hinted lit hy a loore fastening that per
mits occasional falling back.
For a blonde— or for a daring brunette,
perhaps, cue whose complexion has the
courage of its convictions — Is a pale green
satin- applViued in : heavy cream lace.
Green chiflon finishes the neck and front,
green satin linos the garment. It widens
noticeably ' from collar to bottom and a
big fi<ninreof chiffon at the bottom in
dreasps the '.width.
In this as in almost every c.-.k of 1900
the contrast of two colors appears. Sorao
timos the contrast is obtained *by fur.
Bometiir.es iace, sometimes embroidery.
In every . rase it is marked. White ap
plique on a scarlet wrap: black fur on a
white one; cream lace on a lavender: sil
ver braiding on pink. Only an occasional
all white or all black model breaks this
rule.
Among the long design? is a mode cloth.
Its yoke covered with applique. This U
of mode braid and -purple panne velvet.
The large 'eaves of the design are carried
out In the velvet, while the connecting
stems and tendrils are of braid. The vel
vet shade? from deep, royal purple up to
the palest lavender, and the chiffon trim
ming Is of the same lavender.
Another long cloak is of turquoise bluo
cloth about thp skirts. An invo.ved Per
sian design "forms a'deep yoke reaching
even -to the waJst behind. White, e:oi«i
and French pink are the prominent colo> % *
of fho Persian design. Blue chiffon an.t
blue satin lining are In line with the cloth,
although a shade paler. The cloak is lonjf
enough to*'follow out the gown's train for
several Inches and full enough to flutter
and show the blue of the satin lining.
Some women demand Eevgrjt*" even In an
opera cloak. For thi^m is n. black model:
its quality of fatin is displayed more ad
vantageouslv in its lone, unbroken lines
than it could be if hidden hy trimming.
Incidentally its wearer's ligure Is likewise
displayed to better advantage.
Ermine forms the high collars and the
border of the wrap, and little steel buck
les clasp its edges.
¦t- ¦¦¦•.. +
+' CloaRs From The Wh)itc "f
+ House. +
+ Poses by Querlta Vincent, +
+ • . +CAPITAL PUNISHMENT MAY AGAIN
BE LEGALIZED IN COLORADO AS
A RESULT OF PORTER'S CRIME
taken up this fight to purify the city In
earnest, and we propose to carry It to a
successful issue."
Chief Devery was 'asked to-day if he had
read the letter "sent 'by. Bishop Potter to
Mayor Van Wyck calling attention to an
alleged laxness in the police department.
"I have nothing to say touching on or
appertaining to that matter," he an
swered. He made. a similar reply when
asked if; the investigation and resultant
complaints made by the' Tammany com
mittee 'of five in the search after vice
would be treated in the customary man
ner, i • . . . - -•': ;
Three Lieutenants Wounded.
LONDON, Nov. 17.— An additional list of
wounded in South Africa issued to-day
includes the names of the Canadian Lieu
tenants J. B. Elmsley, L. E. W. Turner
and H. C. C. Cockburn.
TACTICS OF
WEYLER TO
BE ADOPTED
Reconcentrado Sys
tem in South Afri
can Republics.
Kitchener to Depopulate the
Towns and Herd Non- .
Combatants.
WAR'S HORRORS JUST BEGINNING
Letters From Boer Women Show the
Pitiful Distress Which Has Fol
lowed Burning of Farms.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, Nov. 17.— Kitchener has de
cided to depopulate several towns in the
Transvaal, owing to the difficulty of
handling the Boers, who are hampering
the civilian population.
Kitchener is now for the first time un
hampered in carrying on the South
African war and it promises to be widely
different than under Roberts. He has
faced the grim fact that the "enemy"
means the entire population and has
greatly tightened the censorship, while
he finds it necessary to carry out certain
military police acts j more suitable to a
campaign of sheer extermination and ag
pression than consistent with the policy
of ultimate conciliation and nelgHborli
ness. The Transvaal and the Orange
Free State are now opening the second
season, since a crop was sown and it is
fourteen months since the normal import
of foodstuffs ceased. The railways are
still broken for several days .weekly.
These things combined make the'feed
ing of the occupants of the two republics
a work of great difficulty; which is in
creased, by the finding of towns with
stores under garrison." ' These garrisons
the Inhabitants betray to commandos,
which thereby easily ' replenish their
store, thus making the starving
out of , the fighting burghers Im
possible.- "Kitchener's alternative is the
Weylerizatlon of the two republics by
means-of the depopulation of towns, mov
ing every non-military inhabitant toward
the coast, where they will be more easily
fed, while freeing the army's'hands. This
will Involve great time and labor and It is
doubtful If it' Is feasible. Kitchener's
movement shows the fearful desolation
to which the war has reduced the coun
tries.
The publication of letters from Boer
women showing the pitiful distress which
has followed the burning of farms is not
heeded here. The people will forgive any
thing which will bring the fighting to an
end and release the troops. Instead of
that, however, the Innlskilling Fuslleers,
who returned to England from Natal a
few months ago, have been ordered to re
embark for the Cape.
the conditions: these are In the hands of
the Mayor. He .says his letter -is In ac
cordance with Instructions laid on him by
the convention of the Episcopal church
of this diocese, and he leaves the matter
in the Mayor's hands.
Mayor Van Wyck at once replied to the
Bishop by a letter, in which he said he
passed the Bishop's communication to the
District Attorney, and then adds:
"I wish here to assure you that I will
exert every power which the law has
given to right the wrongs and to do away
with the conditions of which you com
plain and to secure a hearty and efficient
co-operation by the -Police Department
with all who are working to do away with
public violations of law and decency. I
stand ready at all times to assist and co
operate with you in this matter."
Mayor Van Wvck's letter to the Dis
trict Attorney requests him to co-operat*
with Bishop Potter and the Police Depart
ment in the movement. In a letter to tus
Board of Police Commissioners the Mayor
Incloses a copy- of the Bishop's letter and
directs the commissioners to at once con
duct a searching investigation into the
duct of the two police officials who. the
Bishop says, insulted the Clergyman. He,
also directs them to do away with the
conditions complained of on the East
Side, The Mayor's closing paragraph Is:
"I wish it distinctly understood that to
this end I ehall use to j the utmost limit
all the power vested in me and that I
shall hold to personal responsibility those
who fail to exert themselves in like man
ner."
BEFOEM WAVE HITS CR0KEB.
Gives Tammany Hall Credit for the
Movement Against Vice.
NEW YORK, Nov. 17.— Richard Crokcr
sailed for England to-day on the steamer
Lucanla. Before starting Mr. Croker said :
\ "This movement . by Tammany Hall
against vice means business. We have
• • • • . : : •.•¦-: :'¦>/.: -• -.' . .-» -,-t '-'•.' - .- -
BISHOP HEXRT- C. POTTER: OF THE^PEOTBSTANT' EPISCOPAL DIO
CESE OF NEW YORK, WHO DECLARES THE NEW. YORK POLICE
DEPARTMENT IS IN LEAGUE "WTTH- VICE.
Protests to Mayor Van Wyek: Against Insults
Offered Clergymen When They Seek to Pro
mote Virtue' and Order* in the Community.
NEW YORK. Nov. 17.-PIans are now
being perfected for a general con
ference of all societies that have
during the last few years been en
fie&vcring to Etamp out vice and crime In
New York. The details have not been ar
rar.ged, but It seems to be the general
visa that there should be a foregather
ing of those who are in earnest in their
desire to purify the city. When this con
ference is held no representation will be
allowed the recently formed Tammany
vt ce committee. Among those who have
been persistent in their efforts to achieve
xtform no one can be found who places
Bay reliance on the Integrity of purpose
of those who have been named by Tam
many to drive vice from the lower East
Side. At the same time Bishop Potter
end the clergy generally are waiting for
the members of the Tammany committee
to Indicate their line of action before crit
icism Is passed.
Poolrooms and gambling houses were in
full blast In all parts of the city to-day.
In the lower East Sid© resorts of vice,
concerning which so much complaint has
Leen made, were wide open, the police as
J et having made no move against them.
President York of the Police Board ad
dressed the Brooklyn police captains, as-
Buring them that the present crusade was
intended earnestly.. He told them that
gambling must be prevented in Brooklyn
find that their own interests demanded
that they be kept as clean as possible.
President York attempted to have a
meeting of the Police Board, but was not
successful In getting a Quorum. A ses
eion wUl b© held on Monday, when
diarges may be preferred against In
epector Cross and Captain Herllhy.
The first gun in the anti-vice and anti-
Tammany campaign was fired by Bishop
Henry C. Potter of the Protestant Epis
copal Diocese of New York, who sent a
letter to Mayor Van Wyck in reference to
vice In this city, and especially on the
East Side. This letter is the one prom
ised seine weeks ago. when the Bishop
publicly announced that one of his rec
tors had been grossly insulted by the
commanding officials of a certain police
eiatlon, and that he proposed to take up
the matter In a manner which the heads
of the police force should feel.
Bishop Potter first calls attention to the
¦work that is being done at the pro-cathe-
Crai. 130 Stantoa street, in endeavoring to
Improve the condition of the poor of the
East Side tenement district. In which It 'r
located, and says it has been recognized
as an Important factor In promoting the
virtue and good order of the community
in •which It ministers. He goes on to tell
bow. when the clergymen called at the
police station of the precinct to complain
cf til© notorious condition of affairs, one
cf them was told by the police captain
that he lied, and that when, disheartened
by such an experience, the clergyman car
ried his complaint to a higher authority
In the police, he was met with insolent de
rision. The Bishop continues:
"I am not, I beg to say, unmindful of
the fact that the existence of vice in a
great city Is practically an inevitable con
dition of the life of such a community. I
am not demanding that vice shall be
'ftamped out* by the police or any other
civil authority. This Is a task which
would demand for Its achievement a race
of angels and not of men. But I approach
you, sir, to protest with all my power
•gainst a. condition of things In which vice
Is not only tolerated, but shielded and en
couraged, by those whose sworn duty it
Is to repress and discourage It, and. In
the name of unsullied youth and Inno
cence, of young girls and their mothers,
who, though living under conditions often
cf privation and the hard struggle for
a. livelihood, have In them every Instinct
cf virtue and purity, that are the orna
ments of any so-called gentlewoman In
the land, and before God and in the face
of the citizens of New York, I protest, as
roy people have charged me to do, against
these habitual insults, the persistent'men
ace, the unutterably defiling contacts, to
which, day by day, because of the base
complicity of the police of New York with
the lowest forms of vice and crimes, they
fere subject.
"And In the name of these little ones,
the weak and defenseless little ones,
Christian and Hebrew alike, of many
races and tongues, but of homes where
Cod la feared and his law "reverenced and
virtue and decency honored and exempli
fied, I call upon you, sir, to save these
people, who are in a very real way com
mitted to your charge, from a living hell.
defiling, deadly, damning, to which the
criminal suplneness of the constituted au
thorities, set for tho defense of decencjr
and good order, threatens to doom them."
Bishop Potter, in conclusion, says he
has no methods to suggest for bettering
BISHOP POTTER DENOUNCES NEW
YORK'S POLICE DEPARTMENT FOR
SHIELDING AND ENCOURAGING VICE
LONDON. Nov 17.— An entirely new de
parture in Arctic exploration will be made
text summer. Russia will send north her
wonderful ice ship, the Yermak, with in
struction* to cut her way through to the
pole. The performances of this vessel in
cutting her way at three or four miles an
hour through immense ice fields In the
Baltic Sea. and other Russian waters have
txcited amazement among, all who have
ritnessed them. She Is now being equipped
Russian Ice Ship to
Be Dispatched on
a Perilous
Voyage.
TO CUT HER
WAY TO THE
NORTH POLE
and improved for the greatest of all
tasks.
The Armstrongs at ElBwlck have just
completed a new bow which is especially
designed to. encounter fields of ice In the
Arctic Sea, which are heavier and thicker
than any which the Termak has attacked.
The original bow was easily capable of
dealing with any : of the enormous ice
fields which Russia produces.. She went
to a high latitude on her trip last summer
and accomplished all that could 'be ex
pected of her in the assaults' upon the
eternal ice which she then encountered.
Alterations now being made were sug
gested by "this experience.'
Admiral Makaroff, who will command
the expedition and who is superintending
the changes, has the greatest confidence
that his ship will cut her way without de
lay straight to the pole and will return
safely In the same season. Every pre
caution has been taken to fit her out for
a long stay in case of accident or block
ade. Admiral Makaroff has refused to
give the details of the plans or even ad
mit that the expedition will be under
taken, but there is no doubt on this point.
UNITED STATES TRANSPORT INDIANA, WHICH HAS MET DISASTER
IN- PHILIPPINE WATERS WHILE CONVEYING SOLDIERS OF THE
TWENTY-SECOND INFANTOT. " ' W
BECEPTTON OF MR. KRTTGER.
PARIS, \ Nov. 17.— jSr. Leyds and Dele
gates Wolmarans, . Fischer and Wessels
reached Paris to-day. This evening they
held a conference at the Hotel Schrelbe,
where . ex-President | Kruger will stop.
They leave in the morning for Marseilles.
Mr. Kruger, they: Bay, will land at 10
o'clock in the morning and' will arrive In
Paris ner.t Friday. .
MARSEILLES, Nov. 17.— The final ar r
rangements have been made for. Mr.
Kruger's : reception here. The ' ceremony
at the landing place has. been reduced to
a few words of Welcome, the speeches be
ing reserved • for, the banquet which will
be given In 'honor of the ex-President of
the Transvaal.* even If he Is not there. In
that case other Boers will bo present. ¦
TRANSPORT INDIANA ASHORE ON
THE COAST OF ISLA DE POLILLO
MANILA, Nov. 17.— The army trans
port Indiana, loaded with . supplies
and, carrying a "company of the
.. Twenty-second Infantry, has gone
ashore on the- rocks on the east side of
Isla de Pollllo. The Boldlers were des
tined to act as a garrison at Baler. The
transport Pennsylvania has been sent to
the assistance of the stranded vessel. It
is thought the Indiana can be saved.
The United States army transport Indi
ana is an'iron steamship of 3335 registered
tons and before becoming one of the army
transport fleet Was owned by the Interna
tional Navigation Company. She ¦was
built by Cramps & Sons at Philadelphia
in 1S73 and- made her first trip from this
port for the Government on October -27,
1S98, when she sailed for the Philippines
with the First and Second battalions of
the Kansas regiment on board, in com
mand of Brigadier General (then Colonel)
Funston.
The Indiana made a return trip to this
port with a large number of dead and
wounded soldiers, and after being refitted
was sent. again to Manila. For the last'
nine/months, on account of her large ton
nage, she has been plying in the army ser
vice between Manila and China, carrying
troops and supplies to the command of
General Chaff ee and returning with sick
and wounded to hospitals in Manila for
transportation home.
It is estimated that 700 persons wit
nessed the execution. No women re
mained during the cremation, but many
of them went to the scene before the fire
was lighted and the negro was led from
carriage to carriage Tor inspection. Thu
women's vote .was a unit for burning.
LIMON, Colo., Nov. 17.— The Iron rail to
which John Porter was bound will be left
standing as a warning to all inclined to
deeds similar to that for which young
Porter was burned. A mound of earth
has been piled up around the Iron rail,
covering the ashes, and it will remain as
a monument in sight of all passing trains.
Wanted No Mercy Shown tho Kur-
derer of Louise Frost.
WOMEN" VOTED. FOB BXTBNUTO.
"A great load has been lifted off us," ha
said, "and as for me. I don't care who
condemns me for starting the blaze. No
other father will have to do what I did
on account of that 'nigger,' and. as I said
before, if the brute had been lynched for
his first offense In Kansas my baby would
be alive to-day and our hearts would not
be broken." ¦ *
• - a
The murdered child's father. Robert W.
Frost, returned to Denver to-day from
the scene of the lynching.
baby and I did not have the feeling of
revenge which so many people said ought
to possess me. My one thought was to
save others the pain we suffered. What
ever was done with that brute was right,
no matter what. Certainly he did not suf
fer what Louise did, and she was Innocent,
while hewa3 guilty. May be I would have
some pity were I not her mother. No
one but a parent of an outraged and mur
dered child can know just how I feel."
Whether the wish be father to the
thought. It is certain that the Prince has
made himself very popular during bis
brief visit to England, *
LONDON. I^v. IT.— It Is long since so
ciety has found a more Interesting topic
of conversation than the little rumor
which was set afloat yesterday In the
West End about a forthcoming royal en
gagement.
When It was first announced that hand
some young Prince George of Greece,
Governor General of Crete, was to pay a
visit to this country some wondered and
some suggested that the visit had a cer
tain Interesting significance. It Is now
stated that the Queen has approved of
the marriage of one of the English • royal
Princesses; and that the official announce
ment will b« made before long.
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. CopyrlKht, 1900. by th« Herald Pub
lishing Company.
It Is Said He Will
Wed One of the
Royal Princesses
of England.
GEORGE OF
GREECE IS
BETROTHED
• T"^J ENVER, , Nov. 17.— Colorado' is
jl shuddering with horror over' the
_// burning of '"John" 'Porter .near
Lake station yesterday— that is,
- all of Colorado except -Lincoln
County. In Denver and Colorado Springs
meetings, of ministers , and business men
have been called to condemn the brutality
of the mob which burned Porter.
Lincoln County, j however, has no re
grets. R. -W. Frost is actually pleased
with his revence. He set- the match to
the pyre in which was consumed the negro
murderer of his little daughter at almost
the precise spot where the murder was
committed.'
"I have done nothing that I would not
do again," he said. ,
His neighbors went to-day to the scene
of the burning and built a fresh fire over
the little heap of blue bones that lay in
the ashes beside the steel stake to which
Porter was cKalned. When the bones were
wholly consumed the ashes were scattered
to the winds, away from the weeds dyed
with the blood of Louise Frost Her
father did not want the negro's dust to
defile 'the spot where his child had been
found dying.
The Coroner's jury visited the. spot soon
afterward, and In ten minutes reached a
verdict that Porter "came, to his death at
the hands of persons unknown to tVie
jury.";
I Porter was one of the many low negroes
.brought in to work on section gangs.
Warning, was sent out by the lynchers to
all these negroes' to get out of the State,
and to-day, there Is not a black working
on the'Union Pacific sections. west of the
Kansas line. A few of the sightseers from
.Denver and other Colorado and Kansas
towns have con;e home from the burning
;with bits of bones picked from the fire,
but relic hunting .was sternly discouraged
by the farmers, who executed Porter as a
matter of duty. The Bible which Porter
carried in his walk to his death- was dis
played in Denver to-day.
j A meeting will be heid In the First Bap
tist Church here to-morrow afternoon to
pass resolutions condemning. the lynching.
The leading pastors of the city will speak
and many sermons will be preached on the
subject to-morrow. The Governor - has
promised to make a speech, and business
men and lawyers, many of whom would
have heard without a qualm that. the ne
gro had been hanged, will denounce hla
burning.
• One probable effect of the lynching will
be. the repeal of the law forbidding capital
punishment in- Colorado. Many who con
demn tho lynching say it would not have
occurred if the people could have been
sure that the negro would be hanged. The
free exercise of the pardoning power by
Colorado's Governor, particularly In the
cases of murderers, has aroused a strong
sentiment In favor of the return to the
old law. .A strong lobby for' the repeal bill
was at work long before the Porter lynch
ing, and it now has an argument which
.will appeal to everybody In the State, for
even District Attorney Malone, who con
demned the lynching/ when pressed with
questions said: . .
"If I had been Frost and my little girl
had been murdered I should have shot
that scoundrel full of holes."
Therein he. expressed the sentiment of a.
good many who denounce ' Frost's venue
ance. .
GLAD THE NEGRO SUFFERED.
Execution.
Parents of Louise Frost Talk of the
DENVER.^ Colo., Nov. 17.— "Well, no
other parents ¦will suffer from that brute's
crimes." * t \. r '
These were the first words spoken by
Mrs.' Frost to-day when asked for, an ex
pression on the punishment of, the negro
who confessed that he was the murderer
of her child. •
' ''Of course, I was not consulted as to
the punishment to be meted out and I did
not, know what fate awaited him," she
continued. "I did not care, - just so he
was removed from the face of the earth.
Nothing: can atone for the death of my
PRESTON (JOHN) PORTER JR.. THE MURDERER OF LOUISE FROST, WHO WAS BURNED AT THE STAKE BY
, A MOB OP COLORADO CITIZENS AFTER HE HAD CONFESSED. REPRODUCED FROM A LIFE STTjDT
MADE BY A DENVER TIMES ARTIST. !
Pages 13 to 22
VOLUME LXXXVIII-NO. 171.
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 1900— THIRTY-TWO PAGES.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
+. . ? (
Meeting of Business Men and Clergy to Be Held
at Denver and Colorado Springs to Protest
. Against the Burning of the Negro Criminal.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
Dofrpc ft tn 99
i/l VI. a I I II! //
1 llwlAJ IkJ IV LL"WASHINGTON. Nov. 17.— Senor Vulldo.
Venezuelan Charge d'Aftaires. has re
ceived details of tho recent disastrous
earthquake which visited Caracas. Some
300 building's collapsed, the tower of the
university and several church spires fell
arid the building's were moro or less dam
aged. A large part of the population Is
now living: in tents. The American lega
tion was injured beyond repair. President
Castro was in the executive mansion at
the time of the disturbance and jumped
from a front window, injuring his ankk.
The towns around Caracas also suffered
severely, some of them being almost de
stroyed. The siesmlc disturbance con
tinued for some days alter the main
shock and caused great terror among the
people.
About Three Hundred Buildings Col
lapsed, the American Legation
Being Wrecked.
DAMAGE AT CARACAS
WAS VERY EXTENSIVE
QU1NCT. 111., Not. 17.-Th« vault of tha
Bank of Bluff. Scott County, was blown ©pen
to-day by robbers, who. tt Is reported, se
cured $20"). The robbers escaped on a hand
car to Charln, where they atol« a horse and
buggy .of the Town Marshal and drove north
ward.
latest Bulletin Prom the Fhy»iciana
at Llvadia Quito
_,„ • m
ST. PETERSBURG. Nov. IT.— Another
favorable bulletin, on the subject of th9
Czar's health was issued this afternoon a*
follows:
• LJVADIA. Nov. 17. 11 a. m.— Ths Emp«ror
passed a rood day yesterday. He slept about
In hour. Ills Majesty's temperature durinj
the day was 10O.5. pulse 72. Last night the
Emperor »lept sufficiently well. Temperature
this morning: 100.5. pulse 70. His Majesty's
general condition Is good. His illness Is taking
the regular course.
CONDITION" OF THE CZAR
IS SLIGHTLY IMPB0VED
Blanch* la. Itundlett.
Mr. A. E. Kldd.
covery of Mrs. Elizabeth Prater Is a very
striking Instance of the wonderful cura
tive powers of Peruna. This . estimable
lady had been an Invalid from catarrh of
the stomach and bowels for twenty years.
No wonder her many friends are enthusl
astlo over her recovery. She writes:
* r It Is through the
I wmm^mmmmmmmmmmmmm merclc3 OI QOd
and your medl-
clnt that I am
jr ">^ permitted to write
I U vou thla letter.
J J^Jtfcfe. Jl * have been a
l^r^W^TaSi constant sufferer
H yWv y] from bowel and
x \ fJZ\ J stomach trouble
j, \ Tt* . / /, for about twenty-
v -afiii - A *££> flv© years, and
f%Us J^S*^te*&'i could never find
dlM H^ relief until I be-
CjI KH& Pan the usa of
&WlWBSE£W*' Peruna.
r> "/r-JjW^^& f ? ¦ "I began the
f » •^ ]^^ ia^' ¦ < use of your medi
cine the first day
Elizabeth Prater. of last September
. and hay© taken
nine bottles of
Feruna, and cari-say that I believe I-, am
cured of my troubles, and I think I am
enjoying as good health as an old lady
of my age could expect. I am seventy
one years old. I recommend Peruna to
sufferers wherever I may meet them, and
others of my friends are being benefited
by It. I think it Is a God-send to poor
suffering humanity.
"I win always' be thankful to you for
your medicine and kind advice, and trust
that many others will take your remedy
and be as greatly benefited as I have
been." ¦
WILLARD, KT.— The news of the re-
MANCHESTER. N. H.— According to
late advices. Miss Blanche I*. Rundlett
has made a complete recovery from ca
tarrh cf the head which had caused a
chronic running from the ears. In medi
cal circles this cure has created a decided
sensation. Her own statement of the case
is as follows:
"I have suffered for several years with
I catarrh of the
-_ — >. bead. It finally
>gfF2 s *StV reached my ear
iMsjfU/A and caused a
/$£fibA£>tig£\. running ear.
a£g*y t«il Havins read of
Sg£3? %ff D r . Harttaan's
f$ y remedies I imme
jR I dlately wrote, and
v. Jtr\ f he advised me.
•«s \ 'i?> / 1. To-day I am In
.^5* V / better health than
1 im ii I have been for
some time. I will
tarrhal diseases."
MfZ&fii' Ther» is only
.. , . W«^."^ on* systemic
l rri^«.Jki t T>,,n^i«»» catarrh rem-
Blaaeh* L. Randlett. edy that Is sure
"^^^~™"™^^^^^™^~^™ > to cleanse th#»
whole system of catarrh. That remedy Is
Peruna. This Is a remedy that needs no
eulogizing in addition to what the people
say of It. Everywhere the people are
praising Peruna as a remedy for all forms
of catarrhal difficulties.
Address The Peruna Medicine Co., Co
lumbus. Ohio, for a free copy 01 Dr. Hart
man's latest book on catarrh. This book
treats- of the different phases and stages
of catarrh and should be In the hand3 of
every catarrh sufferer. "Healtn ana
Beauty" sent free to women.
Startling Statements From Kentucky, Illinois and New Hampshire
of Other Remarkable Recoveries.
ELGIN. ILL..— In a very recent com-
munication from this place comes tb«
news that Mr. Arthur Ernest Kidd, a well
known architect of that city, has made
complete recovery from catarrh of the
head from which he had suffered for
nearly a quarter of a century. Accord
ing to Mr. Kldd's statement of his own
casa Peruna has scored another victory
. over a case- of
¦™"™"™""^""""""^^"I chronic catarrh of.
long standing-- He
writes the follow
iKA in? from 15 Ham
( JB - "I am 42 years
•^ JKS SB ot age, and have
(7 Kir had catarrh of
\j& Jr/ the head for over
ftSWSB"/ half of my life.
-"v OHi ' <^> as a result of
>*^ : '*8Bfir.^^k>> scarlet fever, fol
fiSm\' r lowed by typh 0^
bad" that *° was
S< almost constantly
> ¦ '¦ y- r coughing -and
Mr. A. E. Kldd. \1 e a r i n g my
throat. The ca
•^^¦"¦¦¦¦^^^^^¦¦^i^ tarrh greatly 1m
-.-- : ¦ . paired my eye
sight and the hearing In one ear, and re
duced ray weight to HO pounds.
"I tried nearly every catarrh remedy
advertised, besides a great many differ
ent physicians' treatments, all of which
failed, and the physicians would flnally
tell me that I could not be cured In this
climate: that I ought to go to a dry cli
mate, etc,
"I had heard and read of Peruna. and
finally decided to try it two months ago.
I have now taken seven bottles,*" and
weigh 172 pounds. Never felt happier or
merrier. Feel tip top." •
Elizabeth Prater.
CHICAGO, Nov. 17.— The first conviction
under the Federal statutes for receiving
indecent literature by .express from an
other State wan- had -in the United States
District Court -here to-day, when a Jury
returned a verdict of guilty against Ber
nard Stein, keeper of a bookstore here.
The books in question were shipped from
Philadelphia. ' • . .
Poetomce Inspector McAfee, "Western
ftcent of the Society for ihe Suppression
of -Vice., was instrumental in securing the
conviction . . •
Sent Indecent literature.
RILLS HIS
WIFE AT HER
LOVER'S DOOR
Paris Shocked ljy Crime
of the Count de
Cornulier.
Countess Murdered as She Is About
to Enter the Apartments of
M. Le Coux.
PARIS, Nov. 17.— Count de Cornulier this
afternoon surprised his wife, the Countess
de Cornulier, visiting the apartments of
a gentleman on the Rue de Provence. The
Count met the Countess on tho stairway
and fired three shots at her. She died on
her way to a hospital. The Count was
arrested.
Ths family is a prominent one. The
Countess' brother is an.army colonel- and
the Count is widely known in the highest
Parisian society. He is* ii years of age.
His wife was il years old. She was for
merly Mile. Gentivieve Beneau de Vien
nay. A. suit for separation was pending
between the Count and Countess.
The shooting of the Countess de Cornu
licr created consternation in social cir
cles, where both the Count and Countess
were prominent. The Countess was a
woman of unusual beauty, and she was
often seen at the theaters, racecourses
and other, resorts frequented by the elite
of Paris. She was a daughter of Count
de Vianney. whose family is highly re
spected. She was married to Count
Charles de Cornulier fourteen years ago,
and three children are the result of the
union.
7"he marriage proved unhappy, and act
ing upon the advice of her father the
Countess separated from her husband
four years ago and had since lived in a
private home at Auteuil.
Recently a. decree was rendered piving
her possession of the children. Tho Count
began es-pionage and discovered that the
CountPES frequently visited M. Le Coux,
One of her former admirers. Count de
Corrni! ier claimed that a liaison was main
tained between the couple, but the best
information is that M. Le Coux acted as
the legal adviser of the Countess. It is
stated that her father chose him to man
ape her affairs.
Yesterday the Count watched M. Le
Coux's home, but the Countess did not
pay a visit to her adviser. To-day, find
ing- her landau before M. L« Coux s door,
the Count secreted himself on the stair
way and when the Countess descended
fired three times without a word, each
fhot taking effect. His wife never re
gained consciousness after the shooting'.
dying- in the ambulance which was Bum
moned to take her to the hospital. The
Count was exceedingly calm upon Eur
lenderinp himself. Faying: fc
"I did it. I am her husband."
The Duke and Duchess of. York's forth
coming visit to Australia is quite likely to
b« finished with a trip through Canada.
Additional excursions will be made in the
United States. .
Another royal rumor is the engagement
of Prince George of Greece, who is now
here, to one of the English. Princesses, to
which the Queen is said to have given her
approval.
Another, curious piece of information on
American matters is contained in the Don
don Dally Telegraph's description of so
ciety among women of London, in which
It is trravely aserted that "when an Amer
ican has made a fortune he finds it almost
impossible to live quietly in his own coun
try. The chief attraction is England,
where Americans can escape the news
panerp."
This Is the chief reason, according to the
Daily Telegraph, why the American col
ony in London increases, though it admits
that many love to come here for the sake
of the country alone and "because it
makes them feel like being on a visit to
their grandmother's home, where every
thing is dignified, proper and nice."
"The- reputation of Americans of a cer
tain type for vulgar ostentation seems to
have been exceedingly well sustained at
the weflding," and eo on in a similar
strain. • • • .•
The British specials giving descriptions
of the Morsran-Satterlee weddng are al
most entirely devoted to its pecuniary fea
tures, jriving the impression that it was
a repetition of the Bradley-Martin ball.
As a natural result the London papers In
dulge in such comment as this from the
Westminster Gazette:
Alfred Harmsworth and his wife will
pail for America in December. It -has been
freely said he.re that his mlesion'is to start
a Daily Mail in New York, being con
vinced that a large amount of money can
be made out of such a paper there. The
report. however, is unfounded. Mr.
Harmsworth Is going acrops the Atlantic
for a holiday. He will spend most of his
time fishing In California.
"There Is no truth In It. My pork busi
ness is progressing quite satisfactorily.
Moreover, the Chicago dealers are much
too good friends of mine to attempt to
take 'revenge.* That word is used unjust
ly, for I 'have done nothing for which
'revenge' is needed."
When questioned regarding the cable
report that the Chicago packers were get
ting their revenge for the Lipton pork
deal by "squeezing" him. Sir Thomas
9aid:
"I prefer Sandy Hook. I do not think
that there Is a better course in the world.
1 have never made any objection to it—
in fact, I have always spoken of it in the
highest terms. No doubt the races last
year were prolonged owing to there not
being sufficient wind to finish with in the
time limit. But it is my opinion that with
sufficient wind there could not be a better
or fairer course, and personally I feel that
there would be more glory in fighting the
battle on the old historical course, where
we have so often been defeated. Anyhow
there has always been sufficient breeze
for the American boats to win at Sandy
Hook, and had the Shamrock been . a
speedier boat the same wind would have
brought her in first. Were I to go over a
new course I could not have worse luck,
so far as results pro, than I hud at Sandy
Hook, and the Americans could not have
better luck than' they got there. These
are my personal views. The members of
ihe New York Yacht Club are certainly
tho best judges, and I am quite willing to
abide by their decision."
One of the most serious questions of the
week has been church matters. The
f-rchbifchops and bishops met in solemn
conclave to consider privately many con
troversial matters, the chief of which was
"whether the ritualist clergymen refusing
to obey the Al.chbfs'hop's command should
be prosecuted. As a result of the delib
erations it Is probable. that the obstinate
ritualists will be allowed to pursue the
even tenor of their way, for the Kensit
party opposed prosecutions on the ground
that they were likely to retard legislation.
On the whole, the high churchmen were
naturally opposed to any civil interfer
ence. The decision averts, at least tem
porarily, what threatened to be a crisis
in the history of the Church of England.
The controversy in the United States
regarding the proposed change of the
America's cup course from off Sandy
Hook to off Newport can be settled in
only one way, according to Sir Thomas
Llpton's idea, and that is by sticking to
the old order of things. He said:
The lirst meeting of Parliament prom
ises to be short and is likely to be ad
journed over the new year as soon as the
necessary supplies are secured.
It is Lord Rosebery's counteraction of
those features which makes his words so
deeply weighed by politicians and busi
ness men tn Great Britain. With con
summate skill he presents both 'the weak
ness and strength of imperialism. A cor
respondent, describing Lord Rosebery's
speech at Glasgow, cays:
"His aloofness from the crowd and un
fathomed loneliness were in striking con
trast to that passionate interest in the
public business by the nation."
Yet, with all this adulation of his coun
trymen, bestowed regardless of : party
lines, it seems unlikely that the former*
Liberal Premier will emerge from his poli
tical retirement— at any rate, at present.
His great antagonist. Lord Salisbury, has
decided quite unexpectedly to call an
early session of Parliament and has con
sented to accept a salary of £2000 for ful
filling his duties as Premier, though nom
inally he receives a recompense for so do
ing', for the Lord of the Privy Seal emol
uments which were abolished in 1S84 are
his. Lord Salisbury personally was not
anxious to receive any pay, but it was
thought to be a bad precedent for a Cab
inet Minister to work for nothing, so the
salary <£5oOO) of Lord of the Privy Seal
was revived, and is now his.
"Now that two nations at least, the
United States arid Germany, are so
closely at our back that their shadow
falls in front of us, and that they are In
a more able condition than ourselves, we
have no doubt England has a reserve pace
which our competitors scarcely suspect.
But we are near the time when we will
have to put forth the best of our speed
and stretch every fiber."
LONDON, Nov. 17.— The increasing fre
quency of Lord Rosebery's public utter
ances In no way decreases the thrill of
admiration and fascination which follows
on each occasion. The strange mingling
of common-sense, sentiment, surpassing
rhetoric and homely, phrases puzzles' the
people of Great Britain to such an extent
that the former Premier may well be
said to have gained more power since li«
has been out of power than he ever did
before. His speech at Glasgow yester
day on: the occasion of his installation as
Lord Rector of the Glasgow University
causes the other events of the week to
tink into insignificance. Yet, the under
lying note of that wonderful monograph
of the British empire was one of warn
ing, as the Daily Telegraph appropriately
describes it, as follows: . -
Despite Public Sentiment, However,
He Is Not Likely to Emerge Prom
His Retirement.
Former Liberal Leader Gain
ing Power Dally in
England.
ADMIRATION
FOR ROSEBERY
IS GROWING
BY CABLE TO THE GALL.
NEWS PROM EUROPEAN CAPITALS
MANILA, Nov. 17.— Two hundred bolo
men, with fifty rifles, attacked Buguzan.
Island of Panay, October 30. 'A he Ameri
cans lost tfiree men killed— Lieutenant H.
M. Koontz. Sergeant iKtchen and Cor
poral Burns— all of Company F. Forty
fourth Infantry. The enemy lost 100 killed,
twenty-one wounded and fifty prisoners.
but Are Defeated.
Kill Three Americans at Burgazan,
ATTACK OF B0L0MEN.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 17.— General Mac-
Arthur has notified the War Department
that Second Lieutenant Palmer G. Wood
Jr., Twelfth Infantry, died of malarial
fever at San Juan de Guimla, Luzon, yes
terday.
Lieutenant Wood was the son of Major
Palmer Wood, Forty-first Volunteer In
fantry, captain of the Twelfth Infantry.
He entered the army as a private in the
Third Infantry in August, 1897, and served
in the ranks in the Philippines as corporal
and sergeant until September 11, 1899,
when he was appointed second lieutenant
in the Twelfth Infantry.
Fever in Manila.
Succumbs to an Attack of Malarial
LIEUTENANT WOOD DEAD.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 17.— The Navy De
partment announces that the Brooklyn
has left Manila for Olongapo, on Subig
Bay, where Admiral Remey will receive
from General MacArthur the custody and
control of the naval station situated on
Subig Bay. The station was begun by the
Spanish. prior to the war and was designed
to be an extensive establishment, ulti
mately taking the place of Cavite as the
naval headquarters, as -it was thought
to have. superior natural defense. Since
the islands have come under American
authority the military have exercised con
trol over the station. But as it is essen
tially a naval movement the future direc
tion of it" will now be turned over to Ad
miral Remey. Various plans are before
the department for making the station an
important one, but it is said the present
transfer does not involve any considera
tion of the developments of the station
which may hereafter be undertaken.
Military Has Exercised Authority
Over It Since the Islands Came
Under American
Rule.
Will Relieve MaoArthur of
Custody of the Naval :
Station.
REMEY TO TAKE
FULL CONTRL
ON SUBIG BAY
BLOBMFONTEIN, Nov. XL— The Boers
heavily attacked the railroad at Ebenburg
on November 15. It is reported that the
Boers were completely cut up. One re
port has it that seventy-five of the party
were killed or wounded.
UOERS R0TJ1ED AT EBENBURG.
Parliament, whose fears have been
aroused by the depopulation of France,
has just introduced a bill directed against
bachelors. ' Not satisfied with proposing
rewards for large families, this honorable
Deputy desires to levy fines in the shape
of special taxes on those married people
whose union has remained barren, and
upon the single of both sexes. Here a
distinction Beems necessary, if we would
be Just. As the subject lends itself to
facile jokes, Parisian wit has been at no
loss to point out, and that in a fashion at
times somewhat light, the injustice of
a proposal which assimilates In punish
ment the celibacy of man, which is nearly
always of his own volition, to the celi
bacy of woman, which in the greatest
number of cases Is altogether involuntary.
If the bill is passed it will certainly be
amended in this sense. Skeptics, how
ever, have little faith in its efficacy. The
nuisance of paying 20 or even 50 francs
in an annual "tax will not, according to
their theory, be held by ingrained bach
elors to counterbalance the expenses of
a household or the inconveniences of a
short-tempered mother-ln-Iaw.
PARIS, Nov. 17.— M. -Plot, a member of
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyrleht, 1900, by tha Herald Pub
lishing Company. •'".•'}.¦
How France May At
tempt to Cause
an Increase in
Population;
PROPOSED
TAX UPON
CELIBACY
ASSAILANT
OF RAISER
DEMENTED
Female Assassin Believes
Every One Is Blotting •
Against Her.
Rush of Foreign Diplomats to Con
gratulate William Upon His
Escape From Death.
. BERLIN, Nov. 17.— The attempt upon
the life of Emperor William, the opening
of the Reichstag and the new situation
created in China by the reported willing
ness of the United States to co-operate
forthwith with the powers' in China gave
plenty of food for discussion during the
wetk. *
The Emperor's would-be assassin, from
the latest reports, seems indeed to be de
mented. She was born at Larnowitz and
is a Pole by nationality. She earned a
living at Breslau as a peddler of woolen
socks. She had been in the habit of lock
ing herself in a room when at home, and
her neighbors had heard her mumbling
for hours. She had threatened to kill the
landlord if ejected. Yesterday, before
she raade the 'attempt upon the Kaiser,
ejectment proceedings had been taken
against her, and she had bargained with
a laborer for paving stones, which sho
wanted for the purpose of killing every
body. She subseqeuntly purchased the
new hatchet with which she attempted,
to kill the-Kmperor.
At the police inquiry to-day the woman
answered the questions put to her by say
ing:
"Everybody tries to murder me. There
fore I must murder the Kaiser."
All the heads of legations and embassies
iu Berlin called at the palace to-day to
express gratification at the escape of his
Majesty. The press to-day points out that
the crime is devoid of political feature.
The China situation is viewed here
rather without hope. The latest diplo
matic news from Peking emphasizes the
fact that there is no reliable information
there regarding the momentary intentions
of the Empress Dowager and the Em
peror, but the prevailing opinion among
the envoys there is that they do not in
tend to return to Peking. Regarding the
powers of Li Hung Chang and Prince
Ching for negotiating terms of settlement
there is the strongest doubt among the
envoys. \
The statements emanating from Wash
ington, that the United States will here
after act Jointly with the powers and
deprecating the -reported Intention to in
terpose obstacles to punitive expeditions,
are received here with unanimous satis
faction, a number of the papers pointing
out that, once the Chinese court under
stands that there is no split among the
powers, it will the more willingly give
them satisfaction. However, the attitude
assumed by the Russian press this week,
which is distinctly and violently hostile
toward Germany, arouses disquiet here.
SKELETONS
OF GIANTS
IN ALASKA
The Cologne Volks Zeitung, in an edi
torial article, calls tne diplomatic situa
tion regarding China dangerous, as evi
dence exists that there is an inclination
toward forming groups among the inter
ested powers. This view is borne out by
the fact that the French Bishop Favier,
at Peking-, has undertaken a trip to Rome
at the instance of the Pope, his Holiness
desiring to re-establish France's protec
torate over the . Catholic missions in
China. The Pope wants an express
clause. Information obtained from the
highest source, is to the effect that the
papal nuncio at Munich, Monsignor Sam
bucetti, is coming to Berlin to make
strong representation upon the subject to
Emperor William: Furthermore, it is
learned at the Japanese legation in Berlin
that Japan Intends to withdraw : her
troops from Peking at the earliest pos-.
sible moment, leaving only, an adequate
guard. \ •
Ancient Cemetery
Uncovered in the
Atlin Gold
District.
Special Dispatch to Th» Call.
VANCOUVER, Nov. 17.— James L. Fer
kinson, an American miner of Atlin, ar
rived here to-day with news of the find
ing of a number of skeletons in an an
cient Indian cemetery in the north, which
is of startling scientific interest. Perkin
son is one of the owners of the Yellow
Ja cket, a . rich claim . which Is supposed
to be the fountain head of Pine, the prin
cipal creek in Atlin district. Two weeks
ago the first excavations were being made
for a new tunnel on the property and
w hat appears to have been an old Indian
burying ground was opened up.
Five skeletons, nearly complete, were
exhumed and each is the set of bones
that belonged to a giant of prehistoric
times. One of the skeletons measures over
si-ven feet in length, so that the man
must have been considerably over that
height. Then there were two others of
within an/Inch of seven feet and the re
maining two "were more than six feet in
length and the men were of gigantic
frame.
The altitude Is high and the ground was
half frozen, 80 that the bones were pre
scrvedalmoet intact Perkinson says that
.he expects if they had kept on digging
they would have found many more, as
these were lying comparatively close to
gether. The bones of the fingers and toes
bad crumbled away, but the linger of one
skeleton hand was sufficiently • strong to
hold a ring of what appears to be lead or
some similar base, metal. The skeletons
were unsually well formed, but one unique
feature was that the arms were seveAl
inches shorter than ordinarily appears,
while the size of. the bones of the fore
arm was enormous in comparison to. the
usual models. , . :
Beside two of the skeletons were spears,
rudely shaped with a soft metal • and
pointed with sharp stones. The spears
were only about three feet long and five'
Inches thick at the top. tapering at the
lower end. The top contained a socket
into which a wooden shaft was njobably
placed, in order to wield the big piece of
metal. Other pieces of stone and carved
metal were'.found.. The general physical
appearance of .the. skeletons, according to
the cursory examination of the miners,
was similar to that of the-Indlans of the
present day. They wer« certainly of the
nathead type of < the present .- northern
tribes. That the burying place Is of.an
cient origin' Is evidenced by/the fact that
the Indians say none of their tribesmen
have lived within flfty.,mlles of this place
as far backas stories have been handed
down. There are several ..mounds, pre
sumably made by the Indian^,' lrt the vi
cinity of the new mine tunnel , now being
extended. , ;. '..;.;•.
YELLOW FEVER BREAKS OUT.
Several Cases Reported in ;. the) State
- of Mississippi.
JACKSON, Miss., Nov. 17.— The . State
Board of Health has- received Tomcial no
tice of two cases of yellow. fever and'one
death at Brook Haven, the county seat
of Lincoln County, and about sixty miles
from here. The fatal case was that of D.
Middleton. As several heavy frosts have
occurred throughout the State no ap
prehension is felt. , .....
honor prevailing among the officers of the
army will ( cause the j responsible party to
confess.-- ' _ • - ;
Special Dispatch to Th« Call
CALJL. HEADQUARTERS. TVELX.ING
TON HOTEL, WASHINGTON. Nov. 17.-
In the Interest of the good relations be
twe«n the United States and France Sec
retary of State John Hay is believed to
have taken action to dissipate .the feal
ing aroused in the latter country by the
publication of Information that the War
Department is In possession of the secret
of the French field gun mechanism. Pres
ident McKinley and his Cabinet advisers
heartily approve. the statement issued by
the American Embassador in Parla. but
they are disappointed that the effect has
not been more marked., "
In conversation with the President rep
resentative officials are inclined to speak
lightly of the incident, terming it "a tem
pest In a teapot." At the same. time tho
international feature of the" affair might
possibly assume a serious aspect and it
is to prevent any .such contingency, how-,
ever, remote, that the authorities are en
deavoring to impress the Paris Govern
ment with the fact that no agent of. the
United Slates secured -possession of the
plans of the gun. .
As The Call has stated Captain I. N.'
Lewis of the Sixth Artillery, recorder of
the. board of ordnance and fortifications.
while he was abroad last summer suc
ceeded in • examining a' French field piece
and his technical ability- enabled him -to
draw plans which may be Identical with
those used In the construction of the gun.
but' which, in any : event, will permlf of
the manufacture of. a weapon expected to
give practically the same results.
No representations have been, made' to
the United States by the. French Govern
ment .regarding thei matter and the au
thorities publicly scout. the idea that the
American military and naval attaches in
Paris are. to be withdrawn In consequence
of the Incident. As a' matter of fact It U
stated that no one 1 connected with tha
embassy had | any knowledge of - Captain
Lewis' aotion. ' It: is pointed out that the
French, agents here receive the utmost
consideration compatible with the Intemt
of the country and it is asserted that ¦" tho
American attaches in "Paris are no more
to blame than they are for the- acquisition
by the Government of the French secret.
Lieutenant General Miles, commanding,
proposes if • possible to discover . the. per
son who. made, public -the announcement
that has caused the storm. . He has re
celved the reply of 'Brigadier General
Bufflngton; chief of ordnance-,' to his let
ter of inquiry as to whether the ordnanca
bureau was responsible for giving- 'out the
information. General Buffington com
pletely disavows any connection • with the
publication. Ho Invites attention to tho
Instruction Issued ; , by ¦ ;the Secretary of
War relative to" communications to the
press and iSay*, that so far as he is con
cerned he has. not violated '.them in any
way. .-¦-.•.'¦';¦ '•¦ V : . "•" *.. ;'¦.-> ¦:¦• r'
General Buffington does not specifically
refer to his subordinate officers in his da-
nlal. - It i s believed that - the > sense of
Placating France on
the - Loss of Its
Field Gun
Secret. \
HAY SAYS
THERE WAS
NO FRAUD
THE SAN FRANCISCO; CAXL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 1900.
14
WEAK MEN
Rheumatics, Dyspeptics, iftn With
• Lame Backs, Weak Kidneys, Loss of
Power, Yaticocsle, Drains of Vital
Strength, Sciatica, Indigestion, Con-
station, "Come and Go" Pains,
and WcmEn With the Weaknesses
Fecullar to Your Sex, Yea Can Be
DR.^cLAUGHLIfi'S ELECTRIC BELT
Give me one of those poor unfortunates -*-iih
twisted joints, swollen end distorted; give me a
man with r-p.ins In his hark. In his shoulders.
hjp» and chest." I will pour the oil or life Into
his joint?, warm them up. start the llfeblood
circulating eni remove his pain* in ¦ few days.
I will core him and fill him full of life and
courage and make him Klad with the *un*hine
ril youth. I will cure hi* kidneys, utrengrthen
lii-s pioma.cn, make him hearty and strong. -
Pump a stream of vital Electricity into
!hs tody while yea s'eep.
SEE THIS CURE.
Thsfp n;y rlen. When you ar.aVen in th«
morning after a rptf-Fhins your first
w:rifc8ti<in U one of- self-confidence, then ambi-
tion sn<l a lij:!it -h«-art't1 <1..siir to be tip and
rUrhtir.jr your way in theworM. My Belt
mak<-* a man *>f the riniest ppecimen of man-
hood. It 'develops fhrunken muscles, puts
Fprinps in the lefts and l<*y in the heart.
• FEELS 2O TEABS rOUHOER.
CERMANTOWN, Cat
Dr. M. A. McLsuirhlin— Dear Sir: Tour Belt
r;EJ worked wonders In xny case. . I am rom-
pl«tety cured of my trouble, and em heartier
end stronger than I have -been for years. I
feel l!Ve a new person : in fact I consider my-
eelf y> yf&rf younRf-r. all of v.-hirh I praise
your Belt for. 1 will take pleasure in recom-
mending it to my friends. Tours-very truly.
HEISRY PINGLE.
IT WILL CURE YOU.
How can any one remain in 4oubt as to the
vtiu<* cf this grand remedy wh^n you see bo
many cures by It? Do " you doubt it?
¦Would you b*llp%e your neigWbor If h* told
you.it had cur*>d him? Would you believe the
«vi<Jetvc* of re*pectable people In your own
to»n? Then pee my tentimoTiIal*. They come
from evrrywher« l — from ail classet of people—
and prov*> my claims over and over.
FREE TEST— FREE BOOK.
If you are weak. If you have Vaxlcocele,
l>am*» Back, Rheumatism, Weak Stomach.
Dv^pepKifc. Sle?pl«'ssnesft, Physical Declins or
¦ ny of breaking down of tho physical
or nervous *y*tem. COMB AND PEE ME, OR,
IF YOU CAN'T CALL* WRITE FOR MT
BOOK AND SrMPTOM BLANKS. WHICH
ARE SENT 6EAL.ED.-FJW3E. •: . .
O«Jo« hour*— 9 a. rn. to «:*} p. m.: Sunday*—
10 to 1. Consultation t r*».
dr. m. a. Mclaughlin
702 Market St., Cor.-Keaniy,
• ** ' ' feu Francltco. Cal.
' The popularity of McKinleyli not greater than
that of th«.l'Amerlca»" clear IJay&na cigar. ,.?
-• Cathartic pills and laxative medicines
have no effect whatever in digesting f ood-
and to -call, such remedies a cure for
dyspepsia is far: fetched and absurd. ¦
¦ .Stuartls Dyspepsia Tablets contain pep-
sin 'free from animal matter, diastase and
other digestives, and notonly digest all
wholesome food, but tend to increase the
flow of gastric Juices and by giving the
weak stomach a much needed rest bring
about a healthy, condition of the digestive
organs', and- a' normal . appetite. •
.Nervous,. thin-Blooded, run-down* people
should bear in mind that. drugs and stlm-
ulants cannof furnish good blood, strong
muscle arid -steady nerves;' these. 1 come
only from 'Wholesome ; food; . thoroughly
digested. A fifty-cent .box . of Stuart's
•Tablets . taken. after__meals -for.; a -few
weeks .will do you more real good than
drugs, stimulants and dinting combined.
Stuart's Dyspepsia :. Tablets is •-•probably
the' safest, most popular, and successful
digestive on the market, and sold bydrug;-
gists everywhere in the United' States,
Canada and. Great! Britain. v_; ....
Most cases of poor digestion are caused
by ¦ failure of the stomach to secrete suf-
ficient gastric 'Juice, ' or too little . hydro-;
chloric acid and lack of peptones, and all
of 'these 'important : essentials to perfect
digestion are found in Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets In convenient palatable form. ¦
One or two of these tablets. taken after
meals insure perfect digestion and assim-
ilation of the food. • -¦ - "
:. In these days of hustle and worry, and,
artificial habits of life," scarcely one per-
son In a thousand can lay claim to a per-
fest digestion; dyspepsia is a national* af-
fliction and Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets a
national blessing.
To repair the waste of tissue in brain
workers as well as to replace the muscle
and sinew of the laborer, can only be done
through the process of digestion. • •
B Every nerve, muscle, sinew, every drop
of blood, is extracted from the food we
eat and digest. -.v :/: -¦ nv^:
There are thousands of people In this
world would eat no meat from one year's
end to another, and certain savage tribes
in Africa and Polynesia are almost ex-
clusively meat eaters: but while there are
thousands of these, there are millions who
live upon a mixed diet of meat, vegetables
and grains, and if numbers is a criterion
it would seem that a mixed diet is the
best for the human family.
The fact that y"ou will find many vege-
tarians who appear healthy and vigorous
and meat eaters equally so, and any num-
ber of robust specimens who eat both
meat and vegetables and anything else
that comes their way all goes to show
that the old saw is the true one, that
every man must be a law to himself as
to what he shall eat and drink.
His Health, and Digestion.
Every Man Must Be That, to Retain
A LAW UNTO HIMSELF.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A SENSATIONAL RECOVERY.
' ¦ ..'. .. f^ _, «_^-.t- and hard »t work. TVe think there is
mm mmr^'^^^l ***** * if I standing. We have callers every little
mm wCQi 1 yf* <gy^*» 'S J 'while to inquire as to what Peruna has
• '/ /' M 'v f * \pW< . — .^'"'— "3 sen< * voa » picture of my residence.
I I \*tl .*-> 1 I I jiT$° ->j-^ r\ — ¦rsg 5^- ,J I helped build a house in Iowa City on
i I iV "**£& I r»^ -^^^^^^^5r d St ot la3t June * and worked e| shty-
f*\ 1 ' Ja^^m I fe 1^ -«\? for^ an r o"l 2?/ "^•^""'hS' ' 3 ° tha *
\e;^SjL\ /JSBi^B?^* -wJBbb. : MV /JsJSrt^S* \ £\£t home in September and have built another
V*itX\\lfi / / ' y^QSf\O'.> -^__-^Vy we"' and V n th ° country thl3 faJ1 and ara
\ *i"«^W^H^.* 9PfiWSjL*hBz^n/\\ rrll'J'l nVl ~?H 1 .,"1 h0Vfi 3° . llv * twenty years yet, and
I '^—<££v^^^ •^-^V /^L{0 m nlAJlui ' 111 1W W ti** Perana hell> * ma la tha f"ture aa It has
A Venerable Wisconsin .Lady Re- ii^ lM^^ 0 o f 3_ .s** I \i W lp J
stored to Health by Peruna &ti^0$h~ $5~\ V Y^TjA ]] J?
After Twenty-five Years' 0^*-%p?***'
(Special news from Evansville, Wis.) T >T) W'^^WTOfi^jLJ^ 4^^^^ p
EVANSVILLE. WIS.. Nov. U--A I ft C I J*' Mf^L^=^W M&CRW
woman cured of catarrh of twenty-five V 2 V >^ /V'^ >^^<r^ff H/JDDFAr\\
years' standing was the occasion of Pe- V^>F X f>^^ >^ J^
runa being introduced to the inhabitants ». -» 1 ¦¦ >^» ¦
thls E there Vl has been a great demand for v ille: from my using it all threa of the in the past, I don't know why I can't.
¦ "* hUDd drUgfflStS D0W keCP • • . A 5SS s'/lng^ed^ne^^yVa^^s^c^
it i- in this manner that Peruna spreads &* *»red! my wife of catarrh mih C. R. Harden.
from town to town and from State to which the had been troubled for more Peruna can be relied upon to cure slight
g?& pS > unT{h°. t r^ V u e .K it uT.!, d h SI than Iwanty-Bn/ear,, and I taltnn E&.^S^S&SSS' S2f "ff !£
¦m- r- t> w-r-ian n f -pvflnsville TVis " My youngest son had la grippe r ° ur suffer on year after year without any
Mr. C. R. Harden or t/yansviue, vyis., years -ago, and as he had supposed had hn™ of cure This Is not true however
writes the following letter: got well or 8O far recovered tn £ ne wen t p°?®° curls such cases Thou'anda of
"Dear Doctor Hartrnan-"I wish to to work. He took a relapse and the F* r K n K that can "SVer 1% iSSd at-
write to certify .what Peruna has done pneumonia set in. He had hemorrhages. r !|t this fact
for me. I read of Peruna in the papers, and though we tried everything we could iest inis "V* , . - ,. t . .. .
of what it would do for catarrh, and think of it was to no purpose until we Any one wishing free literature on this
sent for a bottle. This was the first bot- gave, him Peruna. The hemorrhages subject should address Dr. Hartman,
tie of Peruna that ever came to Evans- Etopped, and he soon got up and is well Columbus, Ohio.
S * Are the shoes we sell— it's the only kind people wear and B
a keep on wearing — the kind that's stylish, comfortable, l|
W durable, perfectly fitted, yet so moderately priced cconom- '&
9 cal buyers are satisfied to look no further. Q
;|\v- ' Ladies' Vici Kid Lace Walking Boot — extension sole, patent ||
] leather tip, Cuban heel; sizes A A to E— 2j4 to 8, new. elegant M
I stock, better than most of the $3.50 shoes, at. ...92.50 rl
¦ • Misses' Vici Kid Lace Shoes, single cole, spring heels, patent a
M leather tip. excellent value, all sizes and widths.no broken lines — ¦
1 . sizes 854 .to* 11'.. ....... $1.45 ¦
* UVT sizes 11 to'2....' $1.05 o
B -.-¦'. Men's Heavy Kid" Shoes, double extension sole, lace, full of M
¦ * comfort arid durability, considerably better value than usually sold §2
H School Shoes, for Boys— the very best in San Francisco— our ¥S
¦ double sole, box calf, .well .'rounded toe; it's stylish, shapely and fij
¦ , strong, and the price. .^.V.. ....;.........« .......... ....92.00 £j
I Ltppitt # Fisher I
¦•, ';;}. (/pr7o~Dify Shoes of Quality I
BBBF
-¦'¦-•„*-¦* •¦*-•"- •¦.----• - - - J^ \ • \
s\ 1 ''"> h
ADVERTISEMENTS.SUTTON CONVICTED
OF MANSLAUGHTER
Attorneys Make Masterly Flea In
His Behalf, but Fail to Secure
a Verdict of Ac
quittal.
Special Dispatch to Tho Call.
COL.USA. Nov. 17.— The Jury in the case
of Jesse Sutton, accused of the murder of
John Clasby, to-night brought In a ver?
diet of guilty of manslaughter.
Arguments for the defense were made
by Attorneys Weyand and De Long this
morning. Mr. Weyand thoroughly re
viewed the case and was followed by his
associate, De Long, who held the atten
tion of the Jury for fully an hour.
Mr. de Long dwelt at length upon the
honor of a home and the right of a hus
band to protect his wife and family from
a future of disgrace and shame. In
marrying 1 a woman a man registers a
vow to love, honor and protect her and lt
was in the fulfillment of that obligation
that the defendant shot and killed John
Clasby. Jesse Sutton, said the attorney,
was a poor man and was compelled to
work for other people and it was while
he was away he was robbed of his wife's
affections and a stigma placed on the
name of his little children. Ha asked
the Jurv to stop and think what they
would have done under like circum
stances; what would have been the effect
upon their minds lf told by one of their
children of the actions of a man like John
Clasby.
After the noon recess Attorney Edwin
Swlneford closed the case for the people
in a masterly address. Judge Albery
read his Instructions to the Jury, which
retired at 4:25 p. m. and at 8:40 p. m. ren
dered the verdict of manslaughter.
STRENGTHENING FORTS
ON PTJOET SOUND
Six Strategic Points to Be Manned
and Equipped With Guns of
Large Caliber.
SEATTLE, Wash., Nov. 17.— Th*-War
Department Is quietly pressing work on
the fortifications on Puget Sound. At
least six strategic points are to be manned
and fully equipped with guns of large
caliber. The Government has already ex
pended $1,500,000 in building and equipping
the forts at the entrance to the Sound.
Of this amount 5750,000 was expended in
constructing the battery emplacements.
The Indications are now that at least
$500,000, lf not more, will be spent by the
Government in fortifications on the Sound
during the ensuing year. Forts Worden.
Flsgler and Casey are the three points of
an almost impregnable triangle off Port
Townsend harbor at the entranca to tha
Sound. There are two mortar batteries
of sixteen guns each, besides a number
of ten and twelve inch guns, distributed
between Forts Casey and Flagler. At
least one additional battery of sixteen
mortars will be put In next year and six
S-lnch and six 10-lnch guns will be added
to the present armament of each fort.
Plans have already been drawn at
Washington for the new battery emplace
ments, which work will be started at the
beginning of 1901. After building addi
tional emplacements and installing new
guns at the entrance to Puget Sound the
engineering department will complete the
fort at the entrance to the Port Orchard
naval station. Three guns have already
been installed at Port Orchard. Fort
Lawton. near Seattle, and Point Defiance,
near Tacoma.- will be the next important
points to be fortified by the Government.
There are now two 8-inch and four 10
inch cannon in the local freight yards
awaiting shipment to Port Townsend.
Leonard Succumbs.
SAN JOSE. Nov. 17.— Frederick Leon
ard, the Los Gatos storekeeper who shot
himself in the head Thursday morning,
died last night. At the Inquest to-day a
verdict of suicide was rendered. Ill
health had caused despondency, which led
to the suicide._
Big Fire at Los Banos.
LOS BANOS. Nov. 17.— The Los Banos
Creamery building was totally destroyed
by fire at noon to-day. The building and
machinery were valued, at about $10,000;
Insurance $6500. It was one of the best
.known and best eaulDDed plants In tha
State. It will probably ba rebuilt Im
mediately. The origin of the fire Is un
known. *¦ ' .. ;-Jr
FRAIL WOMAN
FEARS HUSBAHD
WILL KILL HER
Possesses a Secret Which
Would Send Him to
Prison.
MRS. PERKINS' ROMANTIC TALE
Says Her Husband Is One of the
Three Men Who Becently Sobbed
the Bank at Winne
mucca.
EjwcUl IX«p«*ca to Th« Call.
SACRAMENTO. Nov. 17.— If the story
told by a dressmaker named Mrs. Perkins
is true, and the circumstances seem to
bear it out. she offers splendid material
for the pea of the novelist. A frail, desti
tute young woman, with a two months'
old baby at her breast, seeking protection
for herself and child from the fury of a
husband whose secret she possesses. This
is the light In which Mrs. Perkins, seam
stress, presents herself. The secret is
one which would send her husband to the
penitentiary perhaps for the remainder
of hie life could lt be told in court and
substantiated by corroborative evidence.
On September 39 at noon three masked
men walked into the First National Bank
of Winnemucca, Nev., and with cocked
revolvers made all present hold up their
hands, threaienir.gr with instant death the
first man who offered resistance. Two of
the men bead guard while the third forced
Cashier Nixon to open the snfe and take
out three sscks of gold coin. The rob
bers threw the sold Into a large sack
•wliich they carried, together with all tho
gold In the office drawer, and then, still
covering the bmnk officials with their re
volvers, marched them ahead to an alley
in the rear, where three saddled horses
were waiting. The robbers mounted these
bonea with their booty, some $15,<)jO t and,
dashed cut of Winnemucca like the wind
toward the mountains.
The alarm spread and citizens fired
fhots after the fleeing horsemen, but
•without effect. A posse was organized,
Lut its search was fruitless.
Because the knew that her husband is
one of these three bold robbers is the
rc-ason aspicrned for Mrs. Perkins' fear
that he srtU kill her. At one of tho
houses where she roomed last week lt le
Faid that Perkins walked through all the
apartments cf the house one night with
his hand en his revolver and the threat
on his lips that he tvould kill her.
Mrs. Perkins came a few months ago
from Nevada and her husband recently
followed. She c^uld not be found In the
city to-day. Whether there is foun
dation In the story, it is certain that
the Sheriff's office here has taken up the
case ard is •working: on it in the hope that
it may develop the whereaJsouts of one cf
the bold Winnemucca robbers.
Delegates to Miners' Convention.
LOS AN'GELES. Nov. 17.— The Chamber
of Commerce has appointed the following
delegates to attend the convention of the
Calirornia Mir.c-rs" Association to be held
in San Prancis^o November 19 and 21: H.
M. Russell, H. C. LMgen, -William T.
Smith. C. C. Desmond and D. \V. Kirk
land.
EVIDENCE IN FAVOR.
OF CAPTAIN WIXIilAMS
Miss Moss Testifies That Martin Had
Threatened to Kill the
Defendant.
STOCKTON, Nov. 17.-The trial of Cap
tain A. F. Williams, the slayer of Con
ductor William Martin of Oakland, con
tinues to excite great interest. The testi
mony to-day took a turn in the defend
ant's favor. Mies Etta Moss of San Fran
cisco testified that Martin had remarked
to her that the probability was that he
and Williams would some day come to
blows, and that in such event he would
take the top of Williams' head off. In tho
course of the examination of Charles L.
Case some vindictive remarks made by
Mrs. Estella Williams concerning her
former husband were brought out. Cass
formerly roomed at Mm, Williams' house,
and testified that she had told him she
would never rest till she had "fixed" her
former husband.
On cross-examination it was brought out
that the witness Mas formerly the hus
band of Mrs. Wykoff. who testified yes
terday to hearing the defendant make
threats against the life of Martin in 1S9&
The caso was continued to Monday.
»
SALE OF THE CACTUS
MINES IN UTAH
Local Syndicate, Headed by Barton
Sewell of New York, Makes
the Deal.
SALT LAKE, Nov. 17.— 6arton Sewell
of New York and Samuel Newhouse of
Highland Boy fame have joined local
parties her© In the purchase of tho Cactus
group of mines in Southern Utah, owned
by capitalists in Paris. The price is not
stated, but lt is believed to be several
hundred thousand dollars.
Jacob Bemberger, a local capitalist hav
ing confidential relations with the. Gug
genhimes, returned from the East to-day
and says that while there has not yet
been an amalgamation between the Gug
genhimes and American Smelting and Re
fining Company such a combination will
be perfected about the first of the year.
This combination, lt Is claimed, would be
of direct advantage to producers. On ac
count of the Increased demand for silver
and the restricted production the united
Bmelter interests believe that the white
metal will advance to 75 cents within
ninety days and to Jl within the next
year.
Cole Finally Released.
SACRAMENTO. Nov. 17.— E. J. Col©,
who has been In jail for a year an'd a half,
awaiting a decision of the Supreme Court
on his appeal from a conviction for for
gery, and who was granted a new trial a
few weeks ago, was to-day released, the
complaint against him having been dis
missed on motion of the District Attor
ney, who is satisfied that Cole could not
row be convicted. Cole's real name is
Dole, and he was convicted of forgery In
Los Angeles some years ago. Governor
Gage defended him and got the case re
viewed and a reversal with a divided
court after an adverse decision had once
been given by the Supreme Court. A new
trial was granted, but the witnesses had
disappeared and Dole was discharged
NO INDICTMENT POUND.
Election Forgery.
Grand Jury Probes Lassen County
SUSANVILLB. Nov. 17.— Troxel, the
man whom J. M. Fritter, late Democratic
nominee for the Assembly, accused ot
having written the forged letter urging
voters not to support Irish, the Republi
can nominee, came from Chlco to Susan
ville to-day to testify before the Grand
Jury. The evidence in the case was so
conflicting that the Grand Jury considered
It insufficient to form the basis for an in
dictment. ". • ';. ; :
Delegates Elected.
SISSON, Nov. 17.— At a meeting of the
Slsklyou Fish- and Game \ Protective As
sociation W. W. Van Arsdale, Dr. W. A.
Sharpe and W. W. Foster were elected
delegates to attend the comlngmeeting of
the State Association at San Francisco in
December. -
SAN JOSE, Nov. 17.— A saloon on Whit
ney and Keyes streets, conducted by Her
man Rlchter, was robbed at'an early hour
this morning. An entrance was effected
by tearing down a rear door. A slot ma
chine containing $15 was broken open. The
thieves also took a $100 shotgun, some
pieces of Jewelry and cigars and liquors.
There is no clew to the' guilty parties.
Saloon Robbed.
POMONA,. Nov. 17.— The Republican
orange growers in Pomona Valley gave
the most elaborate banquet ever known tn
this location to Congressman-elect James
McLachlan of Los Angeles. Covers were
laid for 135 people In Odd Fellows' Hall
and seven courses served. Frank Hyatt
was toastmaster. Mr. McLachlan's
speech was along the line of the recent
Republican victory in California.
Reception to McLachlan.
C. F. Martin, secretary of the National
Livestock Association, arrived to-day and
will make Salt Lake his headquarters for
the next two months.
Announcement was made that all rail
roads have made a rate of one far© for
the round trip to the convention.
Pacific Coast lines have been asked to
make a lower rate from Salt Lake to the
coast after the adjournment of the con
vention, running excursion trains for tha
accommodation of delegates desiring to
visit California.
SALT LAKE. Utah, Nov. 17.— The local
arrangement committee to make propara
tions for the eighth annual convention of
the National Livestock Association which
is to be held here January 15 to 19 met
this afternoon and appointed the various
sub-committees and also decided to have
an exhibition of livestock which Includes
ianpps as well as pure bred stock. En
tries will be admissible from Utah, Ne
vada. Colorado, Wyoming, Montana,
Idaho and Texas. ,
National Association Making Ar
rangements for Its Conven
tion in Salt Lake.
The following officers were elected:
President, G. \V. Poage of Ukiah; first
vice president, Miss Laura Williams of
San Francisco; second vice president.
Miss M. B. Hcaly of Oakland: third vice
president. C. L. Story ot Santa Rosa;
junior superintendent, Miss Kate Boyns
of Hollister; secretary-treasurer, Harvey
Burchell of Gllroy.
San Francisco was selected as the- place
for holding the next conference.
EXHIBITION OF LIVE-"
STOCK IS PT. A "TOTED
This forenoon's session was very Inter
esting. The subjects of "Cultivating the
Spirit of Christianity." led by Miss Lou
ella AVilllams of Ukiah; Good Sa
maritan," led by W. H. Waste of Oak
land; to Show Our Deeds of Char
ity Are for Christ's Sake," by Mrs. C. E.
Clark of Potter Valley; "Charity and
Help," by Miss Virginia McReynolds,
and other subjects along that line were
most intelligently discussed.
This afternoon reports of officers and
committees were received and consid
ered, followed by the election of officers
for the ensuing year.
UKIAH, Nov. 17.— The San, Francisco
district conference of the Epworth
League, M. E. Church South, which con
vened here yesterday morning, Is making
splendid progress In Its work and is at
tracting large numbers of spectators. This
organization embraces some fifteen coun
ties, extending from Mendocino on thi
north to Monterey on the south, and as
far east as Calaveras. The president is
Editor C. W. Clough of Salinas..
A public reception was tendered the vis
iting delegates on Thursday evening, at
which addresses of welcome were made,
and refreshments served to at least 400
guests. The first day's session was de
voted to hearing reports from the vari
ous local leagues and to the discussion of
subjects pertaining to league work in its
various branches, such as "The Impor
tance of Good Leadership" and "How
Members Can Best Assist the Leaders."
Excellent papers were read on "Litera
ture" by Mrs. Fannie McCowen of Ukiah
and R. A. Jordan of Alameda. Many min
isters-are present from tho different coun
ties, and they enlivened the sessions by
short speeches replete with wit, humor
and repartee. Music by fine soloists and
by the Ukiah mall quartet is interspersed
throughout the proceedings, adding great
ly to the enjoyment of the throngs in at
tendance.
Friday evening's session was occupied
largely in listening to two addresses on
the subject of the forthcoming flfth in
ternational convention of Epworth
Leagues, which will assemble In San
Francisco in 1901. W. H. Waste of Oak
land, the vice president, told of the ex
tensive preparations now going on for
that event. The railroads throughout
the continent are anxious for this busi
ness, and the business men of San Fran
cisco are heartily co-operating with the
committees, realizing what a grand op
portunity lt will be for that city. Thirty
thousand leaguers from abroad will
gather In tho city, besides 10,000 from this
State, and when the final grand Anarch
takes place on Market street there will
be 40,000 young men and women in line,
all actuated by a single purpose, the ad
vancement of Christianity.
Rev. Dr. J. E. Moore of San Francisco
followed Mr. Waste In an eloquent ad
dress on the same subject, depicting in
glowing terms the moral, spiritual and
material benefits to accrue to California
through this great gathering of intelli
fent and consecrated young people from
ar and near. Dr. Waggoner of Santa
Hosa closed the evening exercises with a
lecture on the life and work of Thomas
Cook, who gave his life and his large for
tune to the spread of spiritual Chris
tianity.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
San Francisco Is Chosen as the Place
for Holding the Next
District Confer
ence.
INTERESTINGnPAPERS ARE READ
District Conference at Ukiab
a Very Successful
NEW OFFICERS
ARE SELECTED
BY LEAGOEBS
REDDING. Nov. 17.— Burglars entered
the store of Grant A. Schroter at Shasta
Friday night and secured about $5 in coin
and a quantity of silk handkerchiefs and
other goods. There is no clew as to their
identity.
Store at Shasta Bobbed.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 17.— John Pjuck
came before United States Commissioner
Van Dyke this morning, charged with
starting a fire on the Government reser
vation in San Bernardino County. In de
fault of $500 bonds he was held to await
the action of the Federal Grand Jury.
John Pjuck Held.
TULARE, Nov. 17.— The San Joaquln
Citrus Fair, in conjunction with the twen
ty-fourth Agricultural District. Fair,
which opens at Tulare City November 28,
will be one of the most Important events
which has occurred in the history of the
valley. The Sa.n Joaquin Valley Commer
cial Association, formed "to advertise to
the world the resources of the counties
embraced In the association and to en
courage emigration thereto," is composed
of the eight counties of the valley — Kern,
Tulare, Kings. Fresno. Madera, Merced,
Stanislaus and San Joaquin.
The executive officers of the association
are Arthur R. Briggs of Fresno, presi
dent, and B«?n M. Maddox of Visalla, sec
retary. At a meeting of the association
held in Fresno July 14 it was decided to
hold a citrus fair at Tulare City the last
week in November, in conjunction with
the twenty-fourth Agricultural District
Fair, and that the board of directors of
tho Agricultural District Fair provide
space and take control o£ the manage
ment. The executive officers of the Agri
cultural District Fair are John Tuohy,
president, and Arthur E. Mlot, secretary,
both of Tulare City. The exposition
buildings are located on one entire block
of the City Park in the central portion of
the cltv. The main pavilion is 150 by So
feet, with gallery. The annex Is 552 by 40
feet. All tho available space in these
large structures Is taken and the exhib
itors are now busy erecting booths.
The development of this valley is one of
great Importance, not only to Its inhabi
tants but to the State at large, and espe
cially to the tide water cities. Great
claims have been made for the various
products of this valley. It has been con
tended that for citrus and deciduous
fruits, grain, alfalfa, agricultural and hor
ticultural products, livestock, horses,
Bheep, etc., this valley can produce a
greater variety and finer individual speci
mens than any other area of the same
size. The products on exhibition are of
fered in proof of this claim.'
Citrus Fruit and Agricultural Dia
trict Fairs to Be Opened at *
. TulareCity.
WILL DISPLAY PRODUCTS
OF SAN JOAQTJTN VALLEY
Sp«>c!al Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON, Nov. 17,-The echoes of the
big charity masquerade ball given la^t
evening in aid of the Children's arid Old
People's Home will probably be heard Jn
local society for some time to come.
Mrs. James GlUis, one of the patronesses
of the home and a well-known society
lady, pcored the masquerade ball before it
was given and now that it is over is
equally. as emphatic in her denunciation.
In a newspaper interview to-day she saj>:
"I feel that a form of amusement at
which it wa3 found necessaiy to request
polico protection could not draw that clasj
of people with which most of us would
wish to associate. A masquerade ball,
open to the world, is one of the detesta
tions of my life. I did not object par
ticularly to dancing. But when men and
women could come disguised and where
one might dance with the greatest black
leg In the country I did not consider and
do not consider It now the best form.
"Again. 1 most emphatically oppose the
shining of shoes on Sunday as the result
of a low political wager, the proceeds of
which were to go to the home. Of what
moral standing can we hope .to have our
institutions when they are ted by tho
shameful proceeds of Sabbath desecration
and of gambling? And without any moral
standing for. our children's homes by whdt
system of reasoning can we expect that
the little ones there brought up will c»J
out untainted when we allow such dis
graces to attend their education."
Mrs. James Gillis Deplores the Meth
ods Used to Obtain Money
for Charitable Pur
poses. ,
Applies to Courts for a Writ of Man
date Against Principal Dailey
and the Best of the
Faculty.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 17.— Henry E. Miller,
the student who was refused a certificate
at the State Normal School because of al
leged unfitness. has again taken, his trou
bles into court. This time it is a writ of
mandate directed to Morris E. Dailey, the
principal of the school, and the rest of
the faculty £o compel them to admit peti
tioner at the tchool. For the past two
years Miller's troubles have been a dis
turbing factor at the Normal. Mrs. Place,
the head of the manual training depart
ment, refused to graduate Miller, alleging
that he did not possess the necessary
qualifications to become a successful
teacher, and he preferred charges against
her. A hearing exonerated Mrs. Place,
and the trustees barred Miller from the
school. At that time he applied to the
court to compel Professor McNaughion,
who was then principal of the school, to
give him a diploma, but lost his case. .
In the petition tiled to-day Miller states
that on September 4 last, the beginning of
the school term, he applied for admission
to the schoool and was refused the same.
He declares that he is not a person of
filthy or vicious habits and is eligible to
membership in the school. When he en
tered the school he signed an agreement
that he Intended to fit himself for a
teacher, and that he was dismissed with
out any cause whatever. An alternative
writ is asked directing Professor Dalley
to admit him to the school and that he be
permitted to continue his studies.
Miller, who is 40 years of age, has at
tended nearly every normal school in the
State. At each one he has had trouble.
He had been a student at the school hero
for three years.
Takes a Dose of Carbolic Acid at Her
Home Near Petaluma and Anti
dotes Are Administered
in Vain.
Er«clal Dispatch to The Call.
PETALUMA. Nov. 17.— Mrs. Mary Ap
pel, wife of John Appel. took poison this
afternoon with suicidal intent and died In
a few hours. The Appels lived on a. ranch
two miles east of town and there Mrs.
Appel took the poison. It was a heavy
dose of carbolic acid. She made known
her act to her husband and he sum
moned a. carriage and brought here to the
office of Dr. Schuman. Ten minutes
after reaching town she passed away. At
home and at the doctor's office antidotes
were given to save her life, but In vain.
Family troubles and an appetite for
strong drink led the woman to end her
life. Several times before she had at
tempted suicide. The body was removed
to the Morgue and an inquest will be held
to-morrow at 9 o'clock. Mr. and Mrs.
Appel came here about one year ago from
Baa Francisco, shortly after their mar
ritge. Previous to this the lady had
lived in Australia. Besides a husband,
deceased leaves a son, Frank Kelley, by a
former husband. She was a native of
England and 45 years of age. She was a
fine musician and often entertained at so
cial functions. ->
INTEBESTS THE COAST.
Postmasters Commissioned and Ap-
pointed and Pensions Issued.
"WASHINGTON, Nov. 17.— Postmaster*
commissioned: Oregon— Asher F. Hamil
ton. Holler; Ettie Clayton, Weatherby.
Pensions Issued to-day: California—Oric
lnal—Daniel Desmond, San Francisco, 13;
Harvey B. Woods, Fresno. $S. Increase—
John A. Morris. Los Angeles. $12; Richard
Evans, Los Angeles. $10: Cnarles Howard.
Soldiers' Home, Ix>s Angeles. $10: John
Horton. Soldiers* Home, i>os Angeles. *S.
Original— Conrad Albers, Sacramento, $8;
Durlln B. Pond. San Jose. $3; Clark Da
mon, Clovl?, $8; Edmund Wright. Red
Bluff. $6. Mexican War survivors—In
crease—"William H. Dodge. Soldiers'
Horn*. Los Angeles, $12.
Oregon— Original— Adam Fisher, Rose
burg, JS. Increase— John Prior. Plnevill«,
Washington — War with Enaln— Original
—Edward K. Erwin, Spokane, $17; John
C. Klein, Spokane, |S.
Accidentally I>rownecu
CAHTO, Nov. 17. — News reached here
to-r.!ght of the accidental drowning of
Michs<?l Rerd. an old resident of Mendo
cino County, \rhile trying to cross Eel
River, eome twenty-five miles north of
h«»re. Reed. In company with Joe Dawsor,
started to go to a neighbor's house across
the river. The heavy rains of the last
few days had swollen the waters so as.
to make it dangerous to cro.=s on horse
back. Mr. Reed had crossed so often
when the waters were high that he never
thought of danger, but plunged In with
\ his horse and started for the other side.
' The horse swam as best he could, but
Keed. seeing the animal could not crosj
I the stream, jumped and began to swim
for shore. When within about twenty
i feet of the farther side he went down.
! Beed was a native of Germany and had
! lived alone for years In the mountains.
He had no relatives in this country.
MASQUERADE BALL
CAUSES AN UPROAR
MILLER SEEKS TO
RE-ENTER THE NORMAL
MRS. MARY APPEL
ENDS HER LIEE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 1900.
15
THREE SINK TO DEATH IN
THE WATERS OF HETTA LAKE
Mrs. James Taylor, Miss Baker and Charles Early Are Drowned
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE. Nov. 17.— Mrs. James Taylor, wife of the foreman of the Hunter Bay Salmon Cannery; Miss Baker, an*
Alaskan missionary and teacher, and Charles Early, a cannery employe, were drowned In Hetta Lake, in South-*
eastern Alaska, November 9. Captain J. E. Lennan. lately pilot of the steamship Valencia, who arrived to-night 7
on the steamer Dolphin, brought the news of the accident. When he left Hunters Bay. November 13. only the 7
body of Mrs. Taylor had been recovered, but a eearch for the others was still In progress. . _.
On the morning of November 9 Captain Lennan took the small steamer Alice into Hetta Bay to bring Mr. and Mrs. x
Taylor, Miss Baker, Early and others on board the Valencia for passage to San Francisco. When the accident occurred a
the Valencia was lying In Hunters Bay. . »
The Alice arrived In Hetta Bay shortly after noon and came out with a boat load of personal effects. Mrs. Taylor,
Miss Baker and Early were at this time crossing Hetta Lake with another boat load of household goods, which was to 7
be landed on the shore of the lake, nearest the salt water beach, whence a trail leads across a portage to a shore of tho }
bay. Taylor returned to shore expecting to meet the rest of the party. Finding that they had not reached the back of*
the bay he crossed over to the lake, where he found the capsized boat floating near the shore, but there was no trace-*
of Us recent occupants. Taylor returned to the Alice with the news. A searching party was at once organized. ¦*
After a short search the body of Mrs. Taylor was found floating face upward among the drift ten feet from shore, j
Night coming on the search was discontinued! Rain was falling in torrents, and as the trail was very bad it was *
Impossible to bring the body of Mrs. Taylor across to the bay. There was no shelter at hand, so the remains were laid "*
out as tenderly as unaccustomed hands could perform the sad duty and covered with a heavy oilcoat. The party then -t
made its way to the Alice, taking along the bereaved husband, who was frantic with the sudden grief. -?
At 430 next morning, long befor daybreak, Captain Lennan dispatched two Indians to begin a search for the other -?
bodie« A.t break of dawn the Alice ran up to Copper Mountain to get assistance, returning shortly after 9 o'clock with ¦+
five men* who at once took up the search. The search was unavailing and at 5 p. m. the Alice, with the remains of Mrs. -4
Taylor on board, pulled back to Hunters Bay. On November 12 the body was burled at Howlan. -f
The Information as to who the victims of the drowning were is meager. Mr. and Mrs. Taylor were married at Jack- ¦?
son. Alaska. December 6. 1S9S. He was a so nof Mr. and Mrs. A. C. Taylor of Maysville, Ohio, and had been a resident^
of Alaska for four years. "*
Miss Baker was the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. G. W. Baker of Table Rock, Neb. She had been a missionary !n ¦?
Alaska for ten years and for five years preceding her death was a teacher in the Government school at Jackson. "?
Captain Lennan states that Early was an employe in the cannery at Hunters Bay, but knows nothing of his antece- -4
Austin Claiborne, local agent of the Pacific Steam Whaling Company, which owns the Hunters Bay cannery. Was -?
unable to give any particulars as to the employment of Taylor and Early by the company he represents. The Valencia -4
was expected to sail from Hunters Bay on the evening of November 13, direct for San Francisco. .
AUCTION
MIHRAJT8 ENTIRE STOCK being sold out.
The itor« must be vacattd. . Ntver auoh a Sa« j
lot of Ellky MoumouIi an* • Irana war* M«n. f
SELLING at th« rat» of 30a on tba dollar.' CteM
and cooTinca Tourulf. ,'
will continue
ALL NEXT WEEK
Daily «t « Fvm. ;;
COR, GEARY and STOCKTON STS.'
r" nUUo
ORIENTAL ART GOODS
Perhaps you are in doubt about your
kidneys and want to find out. Here's a
simple test. Take from your urine
passed when you rise in the morning
about four ounces; place lt In a glass
In taking Swamp-Root you afford
natural help to Nature, for Swamp-
Root is the most perfect healer and
gentle aid to the kidneys that is known
to medical science.-
When you are sick or "feel badly,"
the first thing you should do is to afford
aid to your kidneys by using Dr. Kil-
mer's Swamp-Root, the great kidney
remedy.
Do you know what happens to the
human system when the kidneys be-
come clogged? They are unable to
throw out the impurities from the blood
and become infected -with poisons; they
decay, fall apart and pass out in the
urine; the blood, unaltered, carries the
poison all through the system, and lf
not checked death follows.
The kidneys are the stivers of the human
syitrm.
When your kidneys are not doing
their work", some of the symptoms
which prove it to you are pain or dull
ache in the back, excess of uric acid.
gravel, rheumatic pains, sediment in
the urine, scanty supply, scalding irri-
tation in passing lt, obliged to go often
during the day and to get up many
times during the night to empty the
bladder; sleeplessness, nervous irrita-
bility, dizziness, irregrular heart,
breathlessness, sallow, unhealthy com-
plexion, puffy or dark circles under the
eyes; sometimes the feet, limbs or body
bloat: loss of ambition, general weak-
ness and debility.
You know what happens to a sewer
when lt becomes clogged, don't you?
Laboratory where Swamp-Boot, the "World-Fanoua Kidney Remedy, is Prepared.
bottle and let It stand for twenty-four
hours. If 'upon you find
any settlings or sediment, lf lt is milky
or cloudy, or lf particles float about In
it, disease has gotten a foothold In
your kidneys and Nature Is calling for
help.
If you have tho slightest symptom
of kidney or bladder trouble, or It there
la a trace of lt In your family history,
you would profit by taking Swamp-
Root every now and then as a prevent-
ive, and thus absolutely .forestall kid-
ney and bladder troubles.
The famous . new discovery, Swamp-
Root, has been tested in so many ways,
in hospital work, in private practice.
among the helpless too poor to pur-
chase relief, and has proved so success-
ful in every case, that a special ar-
rangement has been made -with The
Call by which all of our readers who
have not already tried lt may have a
sample bottle sent absolutely free by
mall: also a book telling all about kid-
ney and bladder diseases, and contain-
ing some of the thousands of testi-
monial letters from men and women
reclaimed to lives of happiness and
usefulness • by means of Swamp-Root,
the great kidney remedy.
Swamp-Hoot Is pleasant to take and
Is so remarkably successful that our
readers are advised to write for a free
sample bottle, and to be sure and stat-?
that you read this generous offer in the
San Francisco Sunday Call when send-
ing your address to Dr. Kilmer & Co..
Blnghamton. ?». Y.
If you are already convinced that
Swamp-Root Is what you need, you
can purchase the regular flfty-eent
and one dollar size bottles at the drug
stores everywhere.
ISHAR.
"What wonderful power does this
T.'onar, possess, that she i« able to read
¦without one error the pages of the past,
present and future?" Is the question every
one is asking. Not an hour passes, not a
day go*> by but what proof is established
of ISMAR'S remarkable revelations.
Stolen prop^ty has been found, loved
ones rescued, hidden myeteries revealed,
men and women united; mining men.
speculators, merchants and professional
men have bc-en helped by her aid and ad-
vice and are loud In their praise. There
Is no method of accounting for ISMAR'S
wonderful powers; that she possepsea
Them is demonstraied by her remarkable
F'jcces*: every day amnn? prominent peo-
jV.e risht here in San Francisco. ISMAR
i< to be trusted: her advice will be of in-
calculable bonent to you. If «in doubt,
business anriety or if you want to know
•what the future holds in store for you.
consdt ISMAR. She can be seen daily
from 10 to 5 p. m. at her office. 1148 Market
f . r<^t two doors below Weinstock &
T-ubln f s. Sundays by appointment only.
Beyond Dispute the Greatest
Prophetess of the Age,
ISMAR THE GYPSY
revelations So Tni-hful as to Al-
most Surpass Belief.
on Application.
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
DIRECTORY
ATTOSNEY.
T H MERZBACH. lawyer.
CCS California et.. Clur.le building;.
BEFORE DURING AFTER
General Debility
TRY
There Isn't a man who would be seen
running through the street munching a
piece of pie. Why not? Because it
would mean dyspepsia and stomach
trouble? Not at all; but because it
wouldn't look well. As a matter of fact
many a business man snatches a lunch
in such a hurry that he might as well
take it on the run. That is one reason
for the prevailing " stomach trouble "
among njen of business.
There is a certain remedy for diseases
of the stomach and other organs of
digestion and nutrition. It is Doctor
Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery. The
worst cases of dyspepsia and catarrh of
toe stomach have been cured by this
medicine. It cures where all other
means have failed to cure.
To Prove What the Great Kidney Remedy, Swamp-Root, Will
Do for YOU, AH Onr Readers May Have a iample
Bottle Sent Absolutely Free by Mail.
Weak or Diseased Kidneys Poison the Blood,
Break Down the Entire System and
Bring on Blight's Disease.
ARE YOUR
KIDNEYS WEAK?
COAL. COKE A>D PIQ IROX
JC VL II £ TO *°° Stre«t.
W WlL^Ufl <X WV-. Telephone Main 1SC4.
~~"~ COPPEPSMITH.
Cnr CUITH Bhip Plumbing. Steamboat and
n- 3J111U- Ehip Work a specialty. 1C and
IS Washington et Telephone Main 6641.
~ KLKCTRlCAL.
D. 35. WASS.
Electrical Engineer. 36 Ea«t et.
FRESH AM) SALT MEATS. ~~
I*C RflVF^ & TO 6h!ppln£ Butchera, 104
JA> .DUlEjgl'U- Clay. Tel. Main 1?94.
OALVAMZINO AND METALS,
?••fjt & Dealer tn Metals & Galvanlzinjr. JOHN
FlJCN METAL WORKS. 315 Howard e»_
METAL.
F.rtra llnotT* » n^ ftereotyp* metal. Pacific
Metal Work*. 13?-* Flnst St.. gan Francisco.
OILS.
LvnnrcATixG oils, leon-ard * ellis.
41S Froct et.. S. F. Phone Main 1719.
PAINTS.
CvltTjiJer & Lubrlcatlnc Oils. Schneider's Mining
Candlea, C. G. CLINCH & CO.. 9 Front, g. F.
PRINTING.
tr nvnucc printer.
- UDtUnCJi Sll Kantome ft.. S. F.
PRINTERS. BOOK BINDERS.
THE HICKS-JL'DD CO.. -*
a Ftrrt tt.. San Francisco.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Tcl £g c PARTRIDGE **%?£""»
Waifc ASH STEAM COAL, KSffifUS
IiJAMO.VD COAL. MINING CO.. at Its GREEN
RIVER COLLIERIES, is the D**t Coal In the
market. Office and Yards— «50 Main street.
DDTTCUI7C FOR barbers. bak.
tremers. bookbinder*, candy-makers, canners.
rtyers, flourmllls. foundries, laundries, paper-
hanger*, printers, painters, shoe factories, sta.
l/leaien. tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc
UUCnA\AN BROS..
Crush Manufacturers. 009 Sacramento St.
k. lmdlP^ >S;tlC3 18fl3 ' Endor se«J b 7 Medic.-' Profession.
P^im mediate lasting efficacious agreeable
At Druggists Everywhere. . Rrfuse Substitutes.
FOR BODY AND BRAIN
World Famous Marlani Tonic
DE. KILMER'S SWAMP-BOOT.
ADVlTBTISEMEirrS.
"I took two bottles of Dr. Pierce 1 * Golden
Medical Discovery for stomach trouble," writes
Clarence Carnes, Esq.. of Taylorrtown, Loudoun
Co., Va. "It did me so much good that I didn't
take any more. I can eat
mot anything now. I am so
Tftfffia wil pleased with it I hardly
/E/tZSP know how to thank you for
vEZTw your kind Information. I tried
WT. i? a whole lot of things
jS*"Jv%i—~^ before I wrote to
/^aJ^yL you. There was a
JV ft%jTC\.C. \ gentleman told me
RkJ SfS H Ik's \ about your medi-
£S<l&$5Z2-*J&*\ , °ne. and how.it
W'»-f»Mta* had cured his wife.
MfctffMsnWBmP l then ? ht I would
wmmiftSSk / iSTW try a bottle of it.
W^y£§z3i:'£&| \\ Am now glad I did,
H^kA^MW \ donf lf lt ha . d not
«r3otS*Nv3Pf; W V \ **en for Dr. Pie rcr's
»£^£- " r\\ Golden Medical Dis-
wSb^Jw Y Doctor Pierce's
Ti<KJ3\ Pleasant^ Pellets
/ W*^^ Wi^ cure biliousness.
n vj Wl They stimulate
\\A the sluggish
y|l\h liver, and cleanse the sys-
lP^l tem of impurities. Th e v
% \ should always be used with
R\ "Golden Medical Discov-
jLrs ery " when there is need of
iffy a laxative.
SglsfS;;
B. KATSCHINSKI,
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.
JO Third St.. San Francisco.
SHOE~STYLE
fDon'tyou want a style your
friends witt as/r where you
got it — different /rotn the
Ladies'
Patent Leather Sandals.
3 Straps — Vici Kid quarters —
standard French heel, tvrned sole
and narrow coin toe without tin*.
This is one of the new Fall
•tyles, particularly suited to house
and evening wear, and is un-
doubtedly one of the 01 I P
best values ever of- I . #1 H
fered W.ITJ
Gloria
Shoes for Ladles.
Possess every point of merit
a shoe can have*.
We have them in Enamel.
Patent Calf. Box Calf and
VlcI Kid. in Dress and Golf
Patterns; turn or £>Q PA
welted sole; &UcDO*3U
atzea and widths. . IT „
Country orders lollclted. Send for
Illustrated catalogu*.
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.
10 THIRD ST. San Francisco.
World Famous Marian! Toni
BODY AND BRA^
A .Sinca 1883, Endorsed b7 Medic.- 1 Profession.
mediate lasting efficacious agreeab!
AT>V HTK.llrtU-.IVl KltM-t-rt.Holbrook Bllnn, the young San Fran
ciscan, has been cast for the heavy vil
lain in a play called "The Battle of the
Strong," by D. V. Arthur. BHnn is a
versatile actor and has shown that ho Is
capable of playing tender, sympathetic
parts as well as winning huzzas from the
galleri-s. Mr. Bllnn's last areparance
here was in a piece called ''Ib and LJttl-
Christina." played at the Madison Square
Theater. D. R. C.
Maxine Elliott has taken paina to deny
that her beautiful sister, Gertrude, for
merly of San Francisco, now living In
London, will marry Johnston Forbes-
Robertson, a Scotchman. The engage
ment was cabled from London a few days
ago, but Maxine denied it. for her sister.
It will be remembered, however, by San
Francisco people that while Nat Goodwin
and Maxine Elliott were playing in that
city they strenuously denied that th<-y
were married, but were later obliged to
own the soft Impeachment.
DES MOINES, Iowa. Nov. 17. — I^ampson
P. Sherman, brother of the late John
Sherman, has suffered a stroke of paraly
sis and may not recover. He is over 80
years old and the stroke, his physicians
say, has rendered him permanently blind.
His brother willed him $10,000.
Mrs. Hopper's songs, "I Want to Marry a
Man, I Do," Is very catchy and doubtless
will soon be sung from the Atlantic to the
Pacific.
Strick%n With Paralysis.
SEATTLE, Nov. 17.— Two hundred and
f ftyNome miners returned on the steamer
Nome City, Captain Daniels, which ar
rived from the gold fields to-day. The
vessel's carRO consisted of about $100,000,
principally In the possession of individ
uals. Her passengers Included many of
the district s most prominent operators,
not a few of whom are residents ot
Seattle.
The Nome City sailed November 4, ten
hours in advance of the steamship Ore
gon, which arrived Friday. She also left
Dutch Harbor before the Oregon and con
sequently brings no news from either
port of later date than the advices re
ceived by the Oregon.
Rich Cargo.
Steamer Nome City arrives With a
GOLD FROM THE NORTH.
The only other new production worthy
of note Is "Florodora," given its Initial
performance Tuesday night at the Ca
sino. The company opened in Bridgeport,
Conn., on last Friday night, November 9,
and the press gave it 'a flattering recep
tion. "Florodora" is a Philippine love
story and the costuming is very attrac
tive, especially as Mrs. Edna Wallace
Hopper and Miss Fanny Johnston appear
in the native dress of Filipinos. One of
NEW YORK. Nov. 17.— PI. S. Nathan
is at the Holland; F. M. Greene and
B. D. M. Greene ' are at the Navarre;
H. Horstman is at the Astor; K.
Coleman Is at the Victoria; Mrs. T.
Magee Jr. is at the Holland; Mrs. Mere
dlth is at the Sturtevant; Mrs. G. Mere
dith is Rt the Metropolitan; E. Gauthrlc
and E. Mounbert are at tne Herald
Square; C. Green of Los Angeles is at
the Grand.
. ? ..
Britain's Protest Heeded.
LONDON, Nov. 18.— Under date of No
vember 14 a dispatch to a news agency
says Great Britain has protested against
the transfer of Yu Chang to the Govern
orship of Wuchanee. Li Hung Chang and
Prince Ching, acting on this dispatch,
have memorialized the throne and Yu
Chang probably will not be allowed to
take up the new post.
Stop Sending Tribute.
TIENTSIN, Nov. 17.— The Viceroys of
the Yanptse region have stopped the ship
ments of tributes of rice to the Sang
yuma, being afraid they will be inter
cepted. The court, it is evident, will pro
ceed to Chentua,
"Belle of Bridgeport" a success at the
Bijou. She Is the whole show herself, and
the laughs that she creates are well worth
the price of admission. The only draw
back to the performance Is Miss Irwln's
awful hard work. She knows that the play
is trifling and that her support is Indiffer
ent, and it is really trying on the audience
to witness her tremendous energy on the
stage. She succeeds in being the whole
show, but at a cost that wearies the au
dience at the same time it is being enter
tained by her own cleverness.
"Foxy Qulller," the only genuine comic
opera in town for an indefinite stay, has
settled contentedly at the Broadway The
ater. The piece promises to draw well on
account of its novelty. The opera is by
De Koven and Smith and is one of the
best they have yet produced.
New Vessel Built for the Oceanic
Steamship Company Leaves
Cramps' Yard.
PHILADELPHIA, Nov. 17.— The eteam-
Bhip Sonoma, built at Cramps* shipyard,
for the Oceanic Steamship Company ''of
San Francisco, sailed to-day from the
shipyard for her home port. The Sonoma
was launched August 7. She measures
416 feet three inches in length, fifty feet
in width and has a depth of thirty-six
feet. Her gross tonnage is 69S9. During
her speed trial she made seventeen knots.
CALIFORNIA'S IN NEW YORK.
STEAMSHIP SONOMA
SAILS FOR SAN FRANCISCO
VANCOUVER, B. C, Nov. 17.-Snow
began falling during the night and still
continues. It is from four to six Inches
deep. Ordinarily there, is but a day or
two of enow in January. A snowstorm in
the middle of November is unprecedented.
During the gale with which the storm
vas ushered in the steamer Comox. which
nad started up the coast, was forced to
return for safety to this port Therawas
a terrific blow in the gulf of Georgia and
shipping men are apprehensively waiting
foi tidings of marine disasters.
Twenty thousand dollars' damage has
reen done in Vancouver alone. Telephone
wires are down all over the city and the
service Is entirely demoralized. The tele
graph wires got through the ordeal more
luckily, but have also been affected by
the unusual snowfall.
In the interior of the province the fall
has been much heavier than on the coast
and there is much fear regarding the fate
of many outlying mining camps.
Steamer Comox, Which Had Started
Up the Coast, Is Obliged to
Return to Port for
Snow Is Many Inches Deep
In and Around Van
couver.
SEVERE STORM
IH THE NORTH
A Coroner's Jury was impaneled to-day,
but will not hear the evidence until Mon
day.
Dale was over 70 years of age and -was
formerly a locomotive engineer. lie came
to San Diego about ten years ago. after
separation from his wife and children in
Denver. His children are all grown by
this time and three of his sons are em
ployed as locomotive engineers runnivg
out of Denver.
He was last seen at his peanut stand on
Friday evening, but he went home early
on account of the rain. His home was in
a small brick building on Fourth street,
between K and G. A question of foul play
was raised, as it was known that Dale was
the owner of a fine gold watch, and this
was missinff when his body was discov
ered. There was also a large bump on his
head, but It is the general opinion that this
was caused by his head striking against
the rocks on the shore of the bay. The
police will, however, make a thorough in
vestigation and endeavor to learn the real
cause of the old man's death.
While the cause of Dale's death is
shrouded in mystery, it is believed that he
committed suicide by Jumping into the
bay while despondent.
SAN DIEGO. Nov. 17.— The body of Jo
seph Dale, who had been a familiar figure
at the corner of Fifth and H streets,
where he kept a peanut stand for many
years, was found floating in the bay
this morning, at the foot of Thlrd'street.
The body was first seen by "William Mc-
Dougall, at about 6:30 a, m., and from its
condition at that time it was evident that
it had not been in the bay for many hours.
An effort was made to resuscitate the
man, but this was found to be impossible.
Special DlFpatch to The Call.
Lump on the Bead and Absence of
Valuables Give Rise to Sus
picion of Foul
Play.
Aged Joseph Dale May Have
Been Foully Dealt
With.
BODY FOUND IN
SAN DIEGO BAY
All Workers of Every Description in
and About Mines to Be v
Accepted. -
INDIANAPOLIS, Nov. 17.-The United
Mine Workers have pracMcally decided to
bring into their organization, all workers
In and about mines. This decision has not
been officially promulgated, but It is
known that the strike of the hoisting en
gineers in the block and bituminous coal
fields of Indiana this week decided the
fate of the Brotherhood of Coal Hoisting
Engineers of America. This organizatio.i
Is only a year old. The membership is
limited. The blacksmiths and the firemen
tvlll be the next to come under the juris
iiction of the United Mine Workers. The
miners have no objection to the engineers*
>rganization. if its members will work in
jonformity with agreements made at the
loint conference of coal miners and oper
ltors In the soft-coal States.
Extradited From Cuba.
WASHINGTON. Nov.; 17.— The State
Department to-day delivered to .William
Dupuy, as agent of the Government of
papers to secure the delivery, into
his < custody . of Loys Darrell. now held
jnder arrest at Becra, Portuguese East
Africa, for the murder of a soldier in ;
The case establishes a precedent :
ib to extradition between Cuba and for
;ign countries.
ENLARGING SCOPE OF
UNITED MINE WORKERS
Li^t of Soldiers Who Were Killsd or
Wounded by the Filipino
Rebels.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 17.— The following
casualty list was received from Manila to
day:
Killed, October S, Catbalogran. Bama, D,
T-nenty-nlnth Infantry, Corporal H. Ca*e; Oc
tober 30, Butrason, Panay, First Lieutenant H
Koontz, Forty-fourth Infantry; November 12,
La Par, Luzon, % K. Twelfth Infantry, John
Lambert. V
Wounded— Charles Mecolllster, severely; No
vember 2, Point Bano, Luzon, C, Twenty-eighth
Infantry, Patrick W. Crann, serious: Cook
John Bought, thigh, swlous; Corporal Kunkel
heart, plight.
Lieutenant Koontz served during the Span
iPh-Amrrlcan war as first lieutenant in the
Twenty-second Kansas and was appointed a
first lieutenant In the Forty-fourth Volunteers
August 22, 1S99. .
LATEST CASUALTY LIST
FENT FROM MANILA
the Franklin County Jail awaiting exam
ination or deportation. Any day may add
to the number. Despite the vigilance ex
ercised by Sheriff Ernest Douglass and
the local Health Board, these celestials
are a constant menace to the health of the
place. The favorite route of Chinese to
America is by way of Vancouver and for
Borne inexplicable reason many Mongo
lian Immigrants seem to prefer to cross
the border under arrest near Malone
rather than to attempt to get Into the
united States in any other way.
Watching, arresting, keeping and exam
ining Chinese at Malone costs the United
States Government a lot of money. Four
Deputy Marshals receive $5 a day the
year round, or 17300 a year, besides mile
ape. United States Commissioner E. G.
Paddock gets $2 55 for each defendant and
says he is entitled to $5 each. The Sheriff
of Franklin County is paid 50 cents a day
for the board of each prisoner, and their
terms run from six weeks to six months
each. At present, therefore, he is re
ceiving $50 a day.
MA LONE. N\ Y.. Nov. 17.— The reported
•rrival of a thousand Chirese at Vancou
ver ha« led the r*? n ple o f to won-
It how many of the yellow-skinned im
nigrrajus are likely to reach this place in
tustody and Tvhat will be done with them
trier they pet h^re. The Franklin County
Jail In this village has durinp the last
month held more Chinese suspected of
violating' the Chinese exclusion act than
any other place in America, and indica
tions are the influx has only^begun and
that a serious problem In consequence
faces the people of Malone.
More than one hundred Chinese are in
Special Dispatch, to The Call-
Franklin County Jail Alone Holds More Than a Hundred Mongolians
Awaiting Examination and Deportation.
CHINESE COOLIES POURING ACROSS
BOUNDARY INTO NEW YORK STATE
Thirty-five theaters are playing, to good
houses in this city.. .New York is Indeed
a great show town. Maude "Adams con
tinues to be the chief attraction and will
remain at the Knickerbocker until New
Year's; : .- .'..'- ,'-;:-,,.¦:¦
The one " hundredth: performance of
"Richard Carvel" draws on apace, but
John Drew plays the part of« Winston
Churchill's- hero as blithely aa ever.'
May Irwin is struggling to make the
There will shortly arrive In this city a
woman whose alleged wonderful healing
powers have made her famous all
over Europe. She has : been men
tioned before In this column. She
was at one time well known in
California,- where she resided for some
time, but possibly under another name.
She is now known simply as L* Walden.
which rendered -nto English would be. I
(suppose. The Wal£en, presumably "The
Onllest Walden." She was. and is. an Il
literate Ignorant woman, bearing all the
unlovely ear marks of the poorer classes
of her native Texas, yet during the sir
month* just past she has had princes at
her feet, and at least one king. Decora
tions have been liberally bestowed upon
her and her art has drawn an uninter
rupted flow of gold into her coffers. It
was cabled from Europe that Mme. Melba
had been marvelously cured by The Wal
den. but Jbefore leaving- for California
Melba said; I am confident that she has
some knowledge of medicine nnd that her
broad negro dialect is entirely assumed"
Melba thinks; The Walden is a shrewd
faker. ¦ - ,
The Bcrnhardt-Coquelln Company,
which, under Maurice Grau's manage
ment, Is to appear In California this sea
son. Is expected to arrive at this port via
eteamer Lorraine next Monday. This will
give the company six days in which to re
hearse their repertoire before appearing
at the Madison Square Garden Theater
In "l'AIglon." Mme. Bernhardt'a season at
her own theater In Paris closed on Wed
nesday. November 7, nmid extraordinary
manifestations of approval and delight.
Bernhnrdt responded to calls for an ad
dress, in the course of which she took oc
casion to pay that this would positively
be her farewell visit to America.
One of the handsome women who will
figure in the society of .nls city the com
ing season is Mrs. Edward Moore Robln
pon, formerly Miss Ailecn Ivors of San
Francisco. She has been residing In Phil
adelphia the greater pnrt of the time since
her marriage. This winter Mr. nnd Mrs.
Robinson will have the. Wright box at the
grand opera for two performances a week.
Among the visitors to New York this
week are Mr. nnd Mrs. Kdward C. Hughes
of San Francisco. Mr. and Mrs. Hughes
are on pleasure bent. The\* visited Wash
ington before coming to New York, and
were charmed with the capital city. Pres
ident MeKlnley granted them a personal
Interview and chatted' with them about
California people and affairs. They were
delighted with their call at the 'White
House and are enthusiastic admirers of
the President. Mr. Hughes visited a dav
or two ago the scenes of his early youth
at Trenton Falls and Camden. near tJtica,
in Northern New York. He had not been
there since 18*53. and found many changes
in his village town. He met a brother he
had not seen for forty years. Mr. and
Mrs. Hughes will take In the horse show.
Of course, the suit of Mr. Gould's valet,
Mowbray, against his former employe,
claiming damages for the loss of an eye.
by the premature explosion of a distress
rlrerocket abenrd Gould's yacht, has
thrown the Four Hundred into a state of
mtnd bordering on consternation and set
the tongues of gossips wagging furiously.
It Is not so very many moons since Mrs.
Gould was reluctantly admitted into the
society of the exclusive or "smart set."
Mrs. Astor was finally prevailed upon to
seek the assistance of the ex-Callfornla
actress in an amateur theatrical enter
tainment given by the Four Hundred at
the Waldorf-Astoria. Mrs. Gould's per
sonality was so charming, her manner so
winsome, gracious and unaffected that
Mrs. Astor capitulated and gave the word
that admitted Mrs. Gould to the Inner
circle. This followed close upon the heels
of a suit brought by a playwright, who
sought to recover from one William F.
Cody (better known as "Buffalo Bill"),
and his protege, Kathryn Clemmons, a
sum of money alleged to be due him for
writing a play for the talented actress.
This was quite a shock to the Four Hun
dred, but was nothing as compared with
the revelations brought out in the Mow
bray suit. The details of the testimony
adduced have been given in the regular
news columns of The Call and It is need
less to exploit them further In this let
ter.
Mr. and Mrs. George Crocker have fin
ally and definitely announced the date of
their departure for California. They left
to-day for San Francisco in Mr. Crocker's
private- car. Upon her return from the
Pacific Coast Mrs. Crocker will again be
one of tho most active hostesses of the
season. She has laid plans for many
dinners, balls and muslcales and has
added much to her superb new residence
in the way of costly and antique furnish
ings. • The Misses Rutherford will assist
their mother in receiving.
I have mentioned the fact that Mrs.
William K. Vandfrbilt Jr. was at the
automobile show with her sister, Mrs.
Oelrlchs. She goes out but seldom of late,
for a reason that will be read with great
Interest and pleasure by San Francisco
people of her own set. The "reason"
will be duly recorded in this column, and
Its sex. complexion, weight and other in
teresting details will also be duly set
forth hereafter.
Nearly every wealthy family In New
York now has at least one automobile,
and as they rush and whirr down Fifth
avenue it is worth one's life to cross that
ultra fashionable thoroughfare. Society
is debating the advisability and propriety
of adopting peculiar and distinctive liver
ies for the automobile "attendants."
"Bubbling" is the latest fad of the four
hundred. Why they should call it "bub
bling" Is not apparent. Perhaps It Is
meant for a sort of an abbreviation. for
automobling or locomobling. The show
was a great event at Madison Square
Garden last week. The following ladies
were prominent In "the ring," all of them
accomplished "bubblers": Mrs. Herman
Oelrlchs and her sister (Mrs. William K.
Vanderbilt Jr.), Mrs. George de Forest,
Mrs. Albert Bostwick. Mrs. Fred Geb
hardt. Mrs. Hamilton Cary, Mrs. Loril
lard Spencer, Mrs. Mortimer Brooks, Miss
Gladys Brooks and Miss Daisy Post.
NEW YORK, Nov. 17.-Followlng close
upon the heels of the automobile exhibit
comes the great annual horse show at
Madison Square Garden, beginning Mon
day night. The opening night is always
a particularly brilliant spectacle. Imagine
a vast arena capable of seating nearly
20.000 people; the tiers of boxes filled with
the families of millionaires; women re
splendent in rich costumes and costly
jewels, each vainly trying to outshine her
sister, amid the waving of 10,000 fans, not
to mention the fleam of 10,000 manly shirt
bosoms. I have mentioned the men and
women and their dress, as if the horses
were a secondary consideration. And of
course they are, for nobody pretends that
these ostentatious horse shows are any
thing else than exhibitions of dress. Of
course the exhibits in the ring are. note
worthy and bring "ahs" and "ohs" and
other rapturous exclamations of admira
tion from the lips of the fair sex, but a
parade of vanity is the first consideration
and, indeed. Is worth goto g miles to see.
The wife of a very wealThy New Yorker
has imported from the mines direct a
huge diamond, uncut, valued at $40,000,
and has offered the lapidary extra com
pensation if he will have it ready to be
worn on the opening night of the horse
show.
B«rnhaxdt Ihie Monday — Edna Wal
lace Hopper Looks Too Lovely
for Anything in a Fili
pina Costume.
Californians "Bubbling" in
the Swim With the Best
of Them.
SOCIETY VIES
WITH STAGE IN
GAY NEW YORK
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 1900.
16
0CC9DIC S.o.CO. ««i« «" wd"™
_^_^_^___^______ OIRECTllHEfoTAHUt
BS. MARIPOSA. for Honolulu. Samoa, New
Zealand and Australia
__ ••• Wednesday, November 2X, 9*p. m.
S3. ZEALANDIA (Honolulu only) ........
Monday. December 3. 2 n m_
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti ...7.......
Tuesday. December 4. 4 p. m.
fr#t Ofw, 327 Harkst St.. Piar la. 1, Pacific St •
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
:f o RTXj^isriD
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. a.
C1QC 112 First Class Including Berth
lAnC $S Second Class and Mmla.
COLUMBIA sails Nov 24, Dec 4
GEO. \V. ELDER sails Nov. 19, »
Phort Line to Walla Walla, Ppokane. Butt*
Helena and all points In the Northwest!
Through tickets to all points Cast.
E. C. WARD. General A vent.
«30 Market st.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First snd Brannan streets, at 1 n m.
for YOKOHAMA and HOXGKONG, calllnr at
Kobe (HlOffo), Nagasaki and Sh&cgha!, and
connecting at Hongkonc with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No carg-o received on board on 4ay
of salllnar.
83. NIPPON MARTT ~
Thursday. December <L°190Q
BS. AMERICA MARU *. .„.!!;.„.
•••» ...Saturday. December "»."tSOO
Via Honolulu.
#,?££ r<1 " tI ? t> acket » *t reduced rates. Tor
f ?Jf h w and V*"*** *PP'T at company's offic*.
421 Market street, comer of First
W. H. AVERT. General Agmt.
AMERICAN LINE.
ITSW TOftZ. tOTITBAMrXOII. MSO0X TISO.
Stoppine at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New Tork Every Wednesday, 13 a. m.
? ew^ Tork NoT - n N#w *°r* D«. U
gt. Paul Nov. 28 St. Paul Deo. 1*
6t. Louis Dec I 8t Louts Deo. M
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New Tork Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Westernland ....Nov XI Friesland Deo U
Kensington Nov. 2S Fouthwark .-Deo. 19
Noordland Dec S Westernland ...Deo. M
For freight and passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
SO Montgomery st. Or any of its agenta.
GOODALL* TKRKINS A CO.. O>n. AK»nti»
10 Market nt.. San Francisco.
steamer Santa Rots, Sundays. 9 a. m.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey. San Simeon. Cfcyo-
ecs. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo). Gavtota,
Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme^ San Pedro,
East Pan Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport-
Steamer Corona. Fridays. 9 a. m. ; steamer
Bor lta. Tuesdays. » a. m.
For Kns«nndit, Mardalena Ray. San Joae .lei
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pas. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.) — 10 a. m.. 7th each month.
For further Information obtain company's
fol.lers.
The company reserve* the right to rtimr*
steamers, sailing dates and hours of taillag
without previous notice.
TICKKT OKFICB-4 N«w MontsonMrr
street (Palace Hotel).
For San Piego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Att-
— Steamer Queen, Wednesdays. 9 a. m. :
>. - Steamers leave Broadway
wharf, San» Francisco:
ffjfri., For Alaskan Ports— 11 *. m..
|sF32jfc> Nov. 17. 22. J7. Dec. 2. Changs
KSjJKSjWj^ to comoany'i steamers at Se-
I3tt^M \li1 f^ nr Victoria. Vancouver (B.
PgsK^ijSil C). Port Townsend. Seattle,
r^*"<E&Sti»', Tacoma. Everett. Anaeorte*
anl >•"•"«' Whatcom (Wash.) —
" 11 a. m.. Nov. 17. 22. 27. Dee. 1
and every fifth day thereafter. Change at Se-
attle for this company's steamers for Alaska
and O. 29, Ry. ; at Seattle or Tacoma to N. P.
Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
"For Eureka. Humboldt Bay — 3 p. na.. Nor.
19. 24, 23. Dec. 4. -and every fifth day there-
after.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
SB? aS W& sm Ointment fails
gfSk i SB ¥ff§| one application
Price 25 cents. All druggists, or sent po»t
paid on receipt of price. DR. PAUL DB
FORD, 175 N. Spring St.. Los Angeles. Cai.
J3AY AND^JMVEIl STEAMERS.
FOR I). S. NAVY YARdTn^YALLEJO™
Steamer "Montlcello."
MOJC.. Tues.. Wed., Thurs. and Sat. at 943
a. m.. 3:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. I
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 1 Telephone Mala 130S.
FARE M«
been extraordinary. It has completely braced
me up. I am Just as vigorous as when a boy
and you cannot realize how happy I am."
"Dear Sir— Your, method worked beautifully
Results were exactly what I needed. Strength
and vigor have completely returned and en-
largement Is entirely satisfactory."
"Dear Sir— Yours was received and I had no
trouble In making use of the receipt as directed
and can truthfully say It is a boon to weak
men. I am greatly improved In size, strength
and vigor." ¦
All correspondence Is strictly confidential,
mailed in plain, sealed envelope." The receipt
it free for the asking and he wants every man
to have it.
How any man may quickly cure himself after
years of suffering from sexual weakness, lost
vitality, night losses, varicocele, etc., and en-
large Email weak organs to full size and vigor.
Elmply send your name and address to Dr. L.
YV. Knapp, 1373 Hull building. Detroit, Mich.,
and'he will gladly, send the free receipt' with
full directions eoithat any man may easily cure
hlmcelf at home. This is certainly a most
generous offer and. the following extracts taken
from his daily mall show what men think of
his generosity.
"Dear Slr—Plense accept my sincere thanks
for yours of recent date. I have given your
treatment a thorough test and the benefit has
L. \V. KNAPP. M. D.
__^_^ ' ADVERTISEMENTS.
isttnimnmtnirm vmmm w w nr mm nr wmwwwwwwmmwwmwmwTirwg
|E THE BEST SI.CO GLOVES. Sk iH f% f> u $1.75 UMBRELLAS SU^ 3
~ _ " : : ¦" i2
I $1.75 PERIOLAS FOR 98c A YARD. | $1.50 VENETIANS FOR 98c A YARD." 3
1 75c CHEVIOTS FOR 44c A YARD. $1.00 CHEVIOTS FOR 69c A YARD. |
g . ! J 3
We have every reason to expect very Iar*?e sales In this department because over 6OOO YARDS
;,£: CHOICE BLACK DRESS GOODS were closed out by us at about half price from the well-known
«•*— firm of ARNOLD. CONSTABLE & CO., New York City, which will be offered, commencing TO- -^
\ZZ MORROW. AT THE SAME RATIO. ARNOLD'S Black Goods are so widely known It would be useless -^J
J£: for us to comment on the qualities and styles to be placed on sale. The entire purchase will be ready -^
£Z for vou TO-MORROW. Come prepared for the greatest Black Goods bargains of the year.
*^~ «*I«T3 P^rl'-.ia Fuitines, brisrht and lustrous; 4O-lnch Jet Black Cheviot: all wool: a heavy _^J
\£Z 15 effective and handsome dcplpns to choose wire fabric that will give great wear; real jm JK
y ; r ™. : , i^v >rted t0 ** n at $i;5 a yard> On QfJ^ value 75c. On special sale /*£ jfft Q* 13
ST" S4-in<h Black Venetians: warranted pure OO-inch Black Cheviot; a superior quality; *
J^ wool: r—rfoi-t in wave dye and finish; already heavy weight; a graml finished cloth; already g^-* —^
*¦»- Fponced and Fhrunk; $j 50 values. On special LJ><^> sponged and fhnink; Imported to sell at $1. f*% %~>M f^ ""*
J^: m!" Yard *^ V^ \* On special sale Tard *~r •**' K*
i SI. 4O for S2.5O Silk Matelasse. %
1ZZ Over 120 pieces in an almost bewildering variety. Imported to sell at $250 a yard. All the^, - -
•|t: choicest effects in Silk-. Wool and Mohair Matelasse Suitings that you must see to appreciate. Your \| /I [I rS
¦p choice Yard OlltU
jjg 5U FAKGY HOSE f a" sale of : : * EXQUISITE 3
£ 1$ PAIR. BEST 85c COLORED TAFFETA 64c YARD NECKWEAR. 3
"T"~ A fjvN-ial ofTerfni? of __ _,,, • • Those desiring the "^
Ifc: I^adic^' Fancv Ho-=? Th* Fllks which have been reduced for this sale were manufactured by , _ t ,,,-,.« .„ -^
il»— romprialas Polka dots °"* ot th * most noted silk manuftcturers. Another Important purchase at new. elegant laeas in
€-w - Dsuret nvA Frripes iii fRr M ow the maker's cost 1? the cause of this wonderfully low price. If neckwear can find -j
t^ fill the upwpst color* >'" u }iave Taffetas to buy. buy them now, for such unsurpassed qualities you them here A grand : 5
«!*- I>pu!ar 50c vaiuoe. Ori wil1 nnt ** « b! * t0 duplicate under K-c a yard. Thfy are crisp, strong and . ,u.ni«v tn- r^.
1^: fsI^ to-morrow durable silks and you have a full range of new shades to select from variety on dlspla> to- _-«
T ~ nn . .... (alxmt ES in all). Including the scarcest shades— Ileht blue. pink. (Ciy4{-' morrow. _^
X^. its" rAlHi cream and white. On sale Monday Tard O'+V* Come and Bee them.
i SPECIAL HANDKERCHIEF SALE. BIG SALE OF SKEETINCS AND TABLE CLOTHS. |
• 1^- In nrflfT to mak« this week one of unusnal Interest in the rnn limintV nail V ' ~~~**
JJ^ llan.ikerrhief Ueiartment we have specially priced several de- lUn WlUlluAT UIiLTi
u»— linrs. •"*
Jfc: Women's I^ace Tr'.tmcd and Embroidered Handkerchiefs, in A rare Sheeting and Tabi* Cloth purchase brings these re-
i .m- dsinty n'»- drrigns. worth from 10c to 12Sc each. 7 C markable values. The Sheetings on sale are one of the best -^S
i|£= Bpectel Each * W known makes, bleached, fully SI inches wide. They cost more zSm
"~~ W"onjen'» Pure Linen Narrow Hemstitched Handkerchiefs. at tne m in to-dav than our price on Monday. Special. lCJ/-» "~2
It; *!th small dainty nar.d omtroi^cred initials; excellent I^r» Yard lOv l2
\\r~ value Each IOW -^
•fir V\v,men - s I»ure 1-ir.en Fancy Lace and Emhmldered Hand.- An r« nAIIAOl^ TADIC OlflTU? <M OC CAOU
j^ k.rchiefs. in many choice effects: worth JSc Specials |J C §2.50 DAMAoK lAdLt bLUlHi dl.OD tftUH.
;£ V Tw^^«'^iK>E B S^^-:^*.mminM Hand- u B »«" I)ama ,f bleached Table Cloths a very Hne quality In
\*- kerchief., ontirely new design*; you pay elsewhere 2:,c. O^/- the choicest rnttern?; size 2x2>4: a regular $2 oO cloth. Cj.95 -^
1— Bpedal Each Special. Monday Each <P I
|^ THAT GREAT SALE OF PETTICOATS. LINING SAVINGS. /MOTHER SILK WAIST BARGAIN. 'j3
'*" !S C" mor * fin<; lk Petticoat? Ust Qf|r» Mercerized Silk Finished Pklrt $3.75 Each. COOd Value $5.50 3
fc )V'li »l n T f °"k , hl T ry ' tO fh V " Lining. 36 inches wide, In all the We pride ourselves In doing unqueetlon- -^
?; thOMr^vtm «vre unable to come another fashionable fall colors: bought th^m under ably the lar B est wain business of any store 3
dWortUttit) we r^iK>at this grand offer. prioP . worth «,, c . For Monday. | Q r in this city. Increasing success spurs us 13
'¦J^ OTT ftP f«r Jl« .V Silk Petticoats, made Yard « -^ V^ to greater efforts: therefore, again this —^
it*— \. I # n of best <»uaJ'ty Taffeta, with _^ . „.„._ V1 _-i, verv exce;itional bargain. ZZ
B 01 lid ?; a c ruit n ru r f ! fl a ; te a d nd fl °r U u^ e eb^: 39C SS?^ "1« new, and fashionable W.1.U «. en
|fc and^P.e.^inS.npe, A.re^g^ fgS^SSS^^J^k^S^L
•r~ \\ llh M p^ p rizrd Italian Cloth, ex- 1V ' V ' E , hl^ d »> Perfectly odorless. all )na , Ceri^ pj^ LlKnt Blue# Turquoli =e, -•
\TZZ UllUU wUeta qualiry. with a deep * lzea - Cadet. Royal, Purple. Rose and Black. zSm
i»- accordion p'.aited flounce, full f^/-» for 9-yard pieces Rone Casing-, all Plit-s 32 to 44. Good value at CO-*. 1 * -*•
!h— ruffle. In a!I th<> lw»pt ehades and black. OV* colors; cood value 10c piece. $5 to. Special Each OO —^»
Ij^ CHILDREN'S COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. CHOICE FRENCH 3
fe UAckiHlOSHES fiVmmVk • 3
HOURS: Daily. I to 1 Evening
7 to %. Sundays. 9 to 11. ELEVATOR
EXTRAXCE.
7<>j Market Street
* *-' * San Francisco.
DR. MEYERS & GO.,
Varicocele, Hydrocele, Rupture,
Piles. Disease* of the Kidney,
Spine, Bladder, etc.
Our horns cure system Is m&rral*
ously successful. If you cannot visit
Pan Francisco write us In confidence
and we will send you. sealed, by nria.il,
a booklet which contains a valuable
treatise on all disease and weaknesses
of men. and a great deal of oth«r
valuable Information.
WE ALSO CURB
Private Diseases, including Conta-
gious Blood Poison, Stricture,
Any one doubting our ability and
wishing to test our methods, remedle*
and appliances may deposit the piica
of cure In any bank In San Francisco.
IF A CURB IS NOT EFFECTED IN
A REASONABLE TIME THE BA^'K
WTLL RETUnX THE MONET. Pay-
ments may be made In monthly ln«
etallments If preferred. Price. re*»
sonable. alllro to rich and. poor. X»
other rejmtable doctors will mak.
such a fair offer.
Our treatment fives vim. vigor, vi-
tality, strength and ambition to weak
and despondent men. younc or old.
married or single, roirardlesa of th«
cauao of their trouble. We master
wanting weakness, unnatural drains,
* losses, eta, quickly and permanently.
OUR GUARANTEE
Oldest, Largest and Best Equipped
Medical Institute and Most
Extensive Practice.
Founded Nearly 20 Years Ago. Con-
sultation Free at Office
or by Mall.
DR. MEYERS SCO.
SPECIALISTS
Contracted Ailments
CURED
MADE STRONG
1I1EI
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CURES WEAK M FREE.
Send Name and Address To-Day — You
Cari Have It Free and Be Strong
and Vigorous for Life.
INSURES LOVE AND A HAPPY HOME.
COHPAONIE GENERALS TRAN3ATLANTIQUE
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -^. *
S;i!linc pvry Thursday. Instead of
Saturday, from Nov»mb»r I, 189?. at JWWi
10 a. m . from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton street. First-class to Havre. tSS and
upward. Second-clasa to Havre. $42 50 and ud-
ward. GENERAL AGENCT FOR UNITED
STATES and CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson
building). New York. J. F. FUOAZI & CO
Pacific Coast Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue.
| - 'The Largest Fur House in the World. S
i£ This is the largest fur house in the world. I
d Professional people, traveling everywhere, wait until ||
* they reach San F ancisco to buy Liebes' garments. We g
I supply customers in every State in the Union, collect our 1
I own furs, make up our own garments, and are therefore 1
p able to sell better furs and better garments than other fig
•* dealers who are forced to pay jibbers', manufacturers' and |
1 hunters' profits. Here is an idea of the values we give: jf
jj Liebes* Famous Baltic Seal Capes — By far the best Cane (for i 3
\\ the money) ever offered in San Francisco. Baltic Seal looks and i
| wears like sealskin and is a deep, rich, lustrous fur. These, car- n
k ' ments (pictured above) are finished with two heads and four tails. 9
1 They a/e beautifully lined with heavy black satin and elesrantly |
« b made in even' particular. ¦
kE I4-inch 91O.5O nS-inch ?ll.«O ig-inch 912. f>O 1
• 1 Electric Seal Collarette — Similar in looks to sealskin, has an B
n astrakan yoke and is in all an unusually stylish little garment H
Hi ...••• " ......each $4.r»O |
b, MAIL ORDERS-yMail orders carefully filled: garments sent I
B C. O. D. on approval, if size is sent Fashion Book Free, i |
.^•''{l«Licbe^| f^jtiipany I
ADVERTISEMENTS.JACKSON*. Mis?.. Nov. 17.— Two men
ti-fre Instantly killc-d and fovir others r*»
coived injuries that will probably rr«ult
fatally in a disastrous: roar-rnd collision
on the Alabama and Vlr-kshurg road, on«»
milt' west of this place this afternoon.
Th* dead:
O. RfFFlN*. horse trainer, Dallas,
Tex., killed instantly.
ORNA BI'FFINGTON.
The Injured: Bud Thomp«r>n« engineer,
internal injurt***, abdomen eru!=hpd, may
die; L. Mapon. hors»-owner, Dallas, Tex.,
Internal injuries, may die; Dr. K. J. Jonrs,
horse-owner. Milwaukee, Wts.. will prob
ably die; William Connelly, jockry. Fort
T)o<iz*. Iowa, bruised on head and cheFt,
TWO MEN KILLED IN
A RAILWAY COLLISION
Four Other Persons Probably Fatally
Injured in a "Wreck in
Mississippi.
Important action has also been takpn by
th*> samp board in the development of ar
tillery and it is predicted that within the
next twelve months greater advance will
be made in seacoast and field artillery
than has b'-en accomplished during the
last two decades. Artillery service has
nrw become an intricate science and the
pay of enlisted men. he says, should l>e
lriTr-asr-d proportionately.
General Miles does not think it wise to
longr-r delay th«» practical apnlioation of
vehicles to the military ser
vice.
General Miles claims that the Fortifica
tions Board has developed a high explo-
Eiv<s superior in effectiveness to all known
tafe military explosives. It can be used
in any service projectile; can be thrown
any distance within the capacity nf anv
high-power gun through steel armor plate
end exploded with most destructive ef
f»Tt.
General Miles calls attention to the fact
that under the law the volunteers in the
Philippines must be withdrawn and dis
charged before July 1 next, wherefore, he
i-ays, it will be necessary to begin their
return home almost immediately.
The report shows what has been accom
plished in the officers' training schools
and toward the extension of the coaPt de
f«risp system. On this last great work
General Miles says IS8.C08.000 has been ex
pended" already and at least $45,000,000 will
be required tn carry out the present
project. For the next, fiscal year alone
the fum of H1.&27.OO0 is estimated as nec
essary to defray the cost of fortifications.
barracks and sites on the coasts. The
largest figure is t2.7ZI.tS for New York;
next comes California, with 5!.417.?r'6;
Maine. $1,2>«.?2.": Oregon and Washington,
Sl.lOfi.&g, and Virginia, £C5,450. To Porto
Rico is aspierm-d $332,400. while the na
tional capital is set down for jr»0.<H«1.
Touching upon the Chinese campaign,
General Mllea compares the American
contingent in the Peking expedition favor
ably with those of other nationalities.
General Miles mentions the gallantry of
Colonel E. S. Liscum and Captain Koilly,
killed in China, and of Major Jesse M.
Lee.
General Miles says that during the past
two years the army has been engaged in
t\\<t hemispheres under all conditions and
hardships and has on all occasions ex
hibited courage, stability, excellent
marksmanship and devotion to duty.
The report snows that the urgent de
mand for troops for remote stations has
reduced the r.uml»er in t.ie Cnited States
to a much smaller force than has been
maintained at any time during the past
thirty-nine years. In fact, says General
Miles, the force ha*= been so much reduced
that at the present time there a.re not.
one-fourth enough troops properly to care
tot and man the fortilirations which have
been erected on the seatoast at an ex
penditure of nearly SaS.'OOOjOOO. In addition
to the artillery deliciency, the present
home force is not sufficient to occupy the
interior garrisons properly or to protect
life and property on the Western frontier,
and. what is still more serious, the «Jov
trnment is left without troops to relieve
those who have had too much tropical ser
vice. The actual number of troops re
mair.ir.g in the L'niled States after trie dis
patch ot soldiers to Cuba, Porto Rico,
Alaska and the Pnilippints is said to be
if.*> officers and !>.««!> enlisted men.
General Mile< renews his recommenda
tion that the permanent force of the army
should be one man for each LOW of popu
lation of the United States. la supplying
eny increase ol the army he urges that
appointments ol officers be made with a
due regard for the principle of seniority
and that each case be passed upon by a
board of the highest officers of the army,
as was done in the reorganization follow
ing the civil war. He submits a draft of
a I'iil embodying his views and recom
mendations on army reorganization.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 16.-The feature
of the annual report of lieutenant Gen
eral Miles, commanding the army, is a.
chapter dealing with the need for a gen
eral reorganization of the military ser
vice General Miles points out that the
I'ractical limitation of the service "of the
volunteers to one year in the Philippines
makes this almost expensive practice,
jitfefsitating a double transfer of troops
and adding enormously to the cost of the
organization. He also points out the need
of a reserve force for th* relief of the
fcoldkrs who serve in lhe tropics, declar
ing .that the regimen^*; that have so far
served more than two years at unhealthy
etaiior.* should be relieved.
Asks for a Big Increase, Declaring
That the Present Force Is En
tirely Inadequate to the
Demands.
Recommends the Appoint
ment of a Board lor
the Purpose.
MILES URGES
REORGANIZATION
OF THE ARMY
NEW YORK, Nov. 17.— To test to the
utmost the capabilities of the Holland
submarine boat, one of Bix vessels of that
type now building in the Nixon ship
yards at Elizabethport is to be taken
across the ocean. That is the summary of
what John P. Holland, the inventor of the
submarine boat which bears his name,
said to The Call correspondent to-nlgrht.
Mr. Holland expects it will not be later
than the middle of March. He said to
The Call correspondent:
"We had hoped to keep quiet until the
Mr. Holland is thormiRhly confident of
the. success of the proposed trip and be
lieves that the possibilities it will de
velop for submarine craft of the Holland
type will surprise the naval world.
starting time. To begin with, I maintain
that every Holland boat now being built
can croas the ocean under her own steam.
When the one to be launched In January
is ready we will wait for the roughest
sea and the heaviest weather we can ex
pect and then make testing trips of from
1000 to 2000 miles on deep sea. One of
the trips possibly will be to Cuba. We
will man her with a full crew, which is
ordinarily seven men. I will be aboard
and one other member of our company,
who is anxious to make the trip, will be
with us. He does not care to have his
name mentioned now. There will be
plenty of room for us, as we could carry
twenty men If necessary.
"As long as the deep-sea trip will be
entirely experimental, we will, as a pre
cautionary measure, have a tender, de
spite the fact that we have no fear of
the result. This will be a ship of prob
ably 1500 tons burden and. will carry an
extra crew and all machinery and parts
which would become necessary* to the
submarine boat under whatever emer
gency. '
- "Borne time ajro an eminent German
naval architect. Professor Busbey. In a
lecture in Germany, said absurd things !
about submarine boats, which included
ours. Amonsr other things he said that
their low stability would make them un
comfortable In heavy seas or wenther.
We will prove that our boat will not pitch
or roll in any sea. When we make the
trip across the ocean we will take the
southern route, touching at the Bermudas
and going thence to Lisbon. In our trips
heretofore we have arranged to confine our
operations to a radius of 500 knots, but by
crossing the ocean we will also demon
strate the fact that we can carry a large
amount of fuel without inconveniencing
our crew or hindering It." »
Special Dispatch to The OalL
SUBMARINE BOAT TO BE
SENT ACROSS THE OCEAN
NEW YORK. Nov. 17.— Paul ¦ Fuaz of St.
Louis, a student at Columbia University, was
found dead to-day in his roam. Death was
from asphyxiation
national maritime congress at A Bruns
wick, Ga.. January 30 next. The call,
in part, is aa follows:
Impressed with the importance of creating
an Interest In the maritime bupine»g , of the
United States and a sentiment that may tend
to restore Its former prestige as a great carry
ing power, I have deemed it proper to issue a
call for a national maritime congress, to as
semble at Brunswick, Ga.. on the 30th day cf
January, 1901.
In the Interest of patriotism and the com
mercial welfare of the citizens of the United
States, I trust the object of this call will re
ceive consideration from those who feel an in
terest In the promotion of the maritime great
ness of our country, to which Its importance
entitles it.
For information as to the work proposed by
this congress, parties interested may address
C. D. Ofcg. i«ecretarv of the Board of Trade,
Brunswick, Ga.
A.' I>. CANDLER. Governor. '
CALLS FOR A NATIONAL
MARITIME CONGRESS
Governor Candler of Georgia Seeks
to Promote Prestige of Mer
chant Marine.
ATLANTA, Ga., Nov. 17.-Governor Al
lan D. Candler to-night Issued a call for a
KLONDIXER ATTEMPTS
TO ENI> HIS CAREER
Man Passing Under an Assumed
Name Cuts His Throat at
Omaha.
OMAHA. Nov. 17.— H. R. Wilson regis
tered yesterday at the Keystone Hotei
from Seattle and asked for a room. Later
Manager Burke of the Keystone passed
by Wilson's room and saw him stagger
ing out into the hallway with his throat
cut and bleeding profusely. Tho polics
were railed and doctors Sehindel and Sapp
Mimmoncd. They found that the wound
inllicted was a deep gash. On the floor
lay an ordinary pocketknife, which Wll
s-o"n later admitted having plunged into
his own throat. He had also tried to tear
the wound with his fingers.
On Wl'son's perFon were many val
uables, including a fine gold watch and
chain TM in cash and a draft on the
First National Bank of Seattle for $3649 87.
He calmly turned them all over to the
Chief of Police. He may recover.
Wilson is an assumed name. His cor
rect initials are said to be S. A. U. He
hails from the Klondike.
KKOXVILLE. Tenn.. N»v. 17.— Nellie Paul
ine Ray, daufhter of a prominent Pr*»byt*»rlan
minister of Omaha, Nebr., committed suicide
h'.-r* to <1ay at a hotel by ttklnc BlorphiD*. tia
reason i» •»»lan*J.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, WELLING
TON HOTELS WASHINGTON/ Nov. 17.—
Rear Admiral O'Neill, Chief of Ordnance,
was able to announce to-day that the
United States navy has developed the
most powerful 12-inch gun in the world.
This announcement followed the receipt
of Information from the Indian Head
proving grounds, giving the result
of the trial of the type of 12-inch gun
tiuilt at the eun factory at Washington
Navy Yard.
Preliminary firings have teen made fur
several days and good results have been |
obtained. With a charge of 360 pounds of I
powder, the gun to-day fired t
an armor-piercing projectile weisrhlnp S50
pounds with a muzzle velocity of 2S54 feet j
por s**rond. The pressure developed was j
sixteen and one-half tons and the muzzle j
onergy was 47.994 tons. The gun will now |
be fired for higher pressures to determine 1
its resistance qualities. The department
will In this way ascertain the best velo
cities the gun can give. The grun will
tflso be fired for rapidity. '
Admiral O'Neill said that the results
were most satisfactory and so far* as ha
knows the record is the best obtained
from any 12-lnch gun in the world. The
energy of the gun fired to-day Is 63 per cent
greater than any of Ihe 12-lnch guns In
the service. The new weapon Is to be In
stalled on monitors and battleships under
construction and projected battleships and
cruisers.
Rear Admiral Remey cabled the Navy
Department to-dav that he and General
MacArthur had left Manila in the Brook
lyn for OlanKopo. This point is on Sublg
Bay and was the site of a Spanish naval
station. General MacArthur will formally
turn the port and surrounding district
fiver to the navy and will make arrange
ments for military operations to be con
ducted in that vicinity.
Special Dispatch to The OalL
NEW TWELVE-INCH GUN
THE BEST IN THE WORLD
California Council Entertainment.
California Council No. 530 of the Na
tional Union will on next Tuesday night,
after the Installation of eight candidates,
be treated by Speaker "W. A. 8. Nichol
son, assisted by a competent and wide
awake corps of assistants, to an Interest-
Ing programme of entertainment. It will
conclude with a representation entitled
"The Battle of San Juan." The real
Americans will be led on by "Teedy Bans'"
and the genuine Spaniards will be led
away by General Don Juan Alvarado de
la Alcantra Tobacco Mucho Frijoles L.
Vincent. There will be In the cast rough
rider*, reconcentradoes. Red Cross nurses
and canned beef eaters, by members of
the council. There will be gunpowder,
shells and ammunition In plenty and the
noise will be supplied by all hands In
discriminately. This council will elect
officers on December 4 and on the 18th
of that month will have a grand Christ
mas tree.
TELE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 19OO.
17
Double Roasting; Pans; are the bat
1 ><»v *° r mcat or *° w '» a PP' w > bread, etc.;
sjdBjg^i make meat tender and juicy; plain
l^^._. p^f^- o,xi3in..35c 10x15 in. .30c
13x18 in.. 65c
v¥^ -.^-^b^ Best Roasting Pans — Steel
with nickel plated sliding door and rest in bottom of pan —
8#xi3# in. .75c ioxi6in..83c 11x17^ in. .51.00
Chopping B »wls and trays, mincing knives, vegetable scalloping
knives and potato scoops, each 23c
Telly Molds, each 20c, 35c, 50c
Plum Pudding Molds 23c, 30c, 35c
Bake Forms — Fancy metal, plain and scalloped. 10c, 15c, 20c, 23e
Food Choppers — Great labor saver; chops all kinds of raw or
cooked meat, vegetables, etc., into small, medium or coarse pieces as
desired —
Family tire... $1.75 Large. . .$2.00 Hotel... $2.75
Turkey Roasters, Etc.
Readable Books. 89c.
Half leather bound books, usually sell from {1.15 to $1.00 a volutr.;,
but Monday we will place on sale a genuine half leather bound book,
with gold tops and tide*, excellent print and paper, and in JJQ_
every way rlrst-clast, at per volume O/v
We name a Jew of the 150 titles:
Vanity Fair Hypatla Tale of Two Cities
John Halifax Westward Hoi Last Days of Pompeii
Jane Eyre Alice David Copperfleld
Lorna Doone Treasure Island Oregon Trail
Dumas' Select WotIcs — 10 volumes, nicely bound.
Let Miserable' — 5 volumes, nicely bound.
Count of Monte Christo— 3 volumes, nicely bound.
George Eliot's Works — 4 volumes, nicely bound.
The above titles and a hundred others, including:
Quo Vadls Deluga Fire and Sword
Pan Michael Sappho Tales of Mean Streets
In an excellent cloth binding, per volume (\f\f*
qt lOc
Yellowstone Bourbon Whiskey — FuD qnart bottles, refu-
larly $1.25, Monday $1.05
Extra Quality Brandy — Regularly ja.75 * gaDon, Monday. .
. . j • $1.99
Claret "Wine — Our popular 40c p«T gallon grade, Monday 30c
VerhlOllth — French or Italian, the genuine imported, Monday, per
bott'e .55c
Sweet Cider, gallon 45c Assortad Cordials in
Boiled Cider, Mott'i, fancy decanters,
gal. . .S» 81.25 each 81.10
Cresta Blanca Sau- Champagne—
terne, caa«, 1 doa Muram's. Roederer,
qts. , SB.OO Pommery or Whlt»
Kapa Valley Claret. sa\ ' Seal, qts $2.75; pts..
HOc 81.45
A brief list of Holiday Groceries that indicates the money-saving pos-
sibilities in the big store on absolutely pure* guaranteed, nrst-class Food
Supplies. Direct Grocery TelephoneSouth 59.
BEST FLOUR — Emporium brand, none better at any QA^
price, 50-lb. tacks, Monday O VS C
Best Candied Orange or Lemon Peel — ¦ ._¦_¦, _/r
Monday, per 1b. 13c ]T^"~T
Mixed NlltS — New crop, best, Monday, / .nco-,. V*
lb 15 C fprtRfvVl I
Citron — Best Conican, per lb 15c K, tnjSEbsar
Sllltnna Rai.Mns — Fancy bleached, Ib.. J [ffi-^iffi] $
12C \ RVMIfY -F
Apricots — Choice evaporated, Ib 12c l\' nru " JfV
Large Figs— Fancy Adriatic, lb packages. . . /l\xfljOtJft-gSv
IOC "aSS^S'
Coffee — Our famous Java and Mocha, }»£ i&ZjX&^Z&Y
lbs $1.OO
Seeded Raisins, lb lQc Roquefort Cheese. lb...J3Oc
Cleaned Currants, Ib...l2c Imported Swiss Cneeu,
Heinz's Mince Meat. ib.lSc lb 3Qc
Heinz's* Apple Butter. Table Fruits. 3 tins 50c
lb 125c French Sardines, tln...lQC
California Figs, lb 4c New Sardellen. lb BOc
Golden Persian Dates, Heinz's Sweet Pickles,
pkg 12c qt 30c
Fancy Cluster Raisins. Singapore Pineapple. S-
5 lbs 81.OO lb tin 2Oc
New Pumpkin, tins li%c New Queen Olives. qt..45c
Preserved Glnker, Jar..4Oe G. & D. Plum Pudding-,
Shelled Almonds. lb....35e 1». 22c; 2s. 40c: 3s 60c
New Asparagus. tln....2i>0u R. & R. Plum Puddln?,
Cape Cod Cranberries, la, 2Sc; 2s 4So
Thanksgiving Groceries
and Choice Liqvors.
14-in $1G.OO 18-in $1S.OO
A line of pretty Fur Nee hive ar from $1.85 up.
V— •¦".;./*; i8-m $12.95
Best quality Electric Seal Capes, yoke
of black Astrachan, head and tails as shown in picture—
Sable Opossum Collarettes, with tabs,
yoke and under collar of Baltic
seal $4.45
River Mink, Collarette, with yoke and
under collar of black Astrachan ....
$7.45
Fine Baltic Seal Cape with Russian
Mink top collar, head and tails,
heavy satin lining —
H-»n $7.95 i6-in....$8.95
18-in $10.45
Extra choice quality of Baltic Seal
Cape, yoke of black Aitrachan,
heads and tails as shown in picture —
14-in... $10.95 16-in... $11.95
Stylish Fur Garments.
Soft Weave Silks.
A splendid line of Ji.oo Crepe de Chines, Poplin and Pilet de Soie, the
three kinds most in demand this season for waists and complete cos-
tumes. The Poplins and Pilet de Soies are 20 inches wide, the
Crepe de Chine 24 inches, and we have complete lines of colorings in
them all, per yard $1.00
Black Silk — A full line/ of beautiful fabrics of Domestic, Swiss
and French manufacture — Armures, Peau de Soies, Conicas, Regents,
Merveilleux, Gros Grain, Satin Duchesse, Satin -de Lyon, Bengaline,
Poplin, Faille Francaise and a nice assortment of black silk grenadines,
per yard 75c t.) $3.50
Men's Winter Furnishings.
Holiday Neckwear for men, advanced styles 50c
Boys* Sweaters, ages 2 to 16, blue and garnet $1.00, $1.50
Boys' Drees Gloves, tan shades, fine kid \ $1.00
Silk Initial Handkerchiefs, extra quality 25c, 50c
Boys' Golf Shirts, soft bosoms, with one pair of cuffs 50 w
Satin Suspenders, fancy embroidery 50c
Percale Shirts for men, new patterns $1*00
Men's Driving Gloves, tan shades. $1.00, $1.50
Men's Fancy Hosiery, 2 pairs 2?C
Men's plain black or tan Hosiery, seamless, 3 pairs 25c
Carpets and Rugs.
Careful buying in larger quantities than ever before makes
possible these extremely low prices for standard makes in
fine Carpets:
Tapestrv Brussels — 9-wire/in all good makes, choice patterns,
designed for fall and winter 1 900, with or without borders, suitable for
parlors, dining rooms, bedroom?, etc. Also full line of hall and stair
patterns, the regular 95c grade, all this week, sewed, QA-
laid and lined, per yard OUC
Tapestry 'Brussels — Heary 8-wire goods, all makes, splendid
patterns, in good, substantial colors, parlor, dining room, hall and stair
effects, regular 85c quality, all this week, ;ezced, laid and r lf\ f%
lined I \JL
Carpet Rur^ — Made up.
$12.50 Axminsters (io'^x6 feet ) — special $S.5O
$16.50 Body Hruss;ls (9x6 feet)— special $11.00
$10.5 » Tapestry Brussels (io^x8# feet)— special. $11. 00
$30 Higelow Axminsters (11x9 feet )— special $20.00
IVe hav: con%iantlv on hand a full tine of a.'l kinds of made
up rugs in various sifts at vtry lex pries.
Yokings One-Third Off.
Some of the fi-mt Yokings and All-Overs im-
ported by us this season — taffetas, velvets,
chiffon, cut-outs and embroidered, both black
and white, regular prices of which range from
53.00 to 5'O-oo a yard; are offered at special
sale Monday only, one -third off
marked prices. .
75 dozen Ladies* Hemstitched, Tape-bordered,
Union Linen White Handkerchiefs; —
worth ioc each; to-morrow OC
60 dozen Sheet Lawn Handkerchiefs, with neat
Valenciennes lace edge; worth ioc; to- -
morrow i)C
65 dozen ladies' extra fine quality All-Linen
Hemstitched Handkerchiefs; slight manufac-
turer's imperfections; if perfect worth 25c 11/»
and 35c each; to-morrow •, , ,
Handkerchief Sale.
$1.50 Jardinieres, A . ne ? 8hap ?. . 8 X
¦mm j a-* Ar inch Jardiniere,
Monday, $L05. with a fancy
wrought iron stand, 23 inches high, dark
green or brown with raised leaves and gold
edge; worth $1.50; 50 only on tf*-| /\n
special sale Monday t|)l*v/Zr
$1.50 Bleached A 'f*™ 1 P ur -
rU*Ur «1 II chase of 120
LlOtnS $l.ld. Bleached Irish Linen
Table Cloths — 64x64 inches, nice fine
damask; worth $l-S° each; on tf*-| -i *J
sale to-morrow »PL»LCi
Mcn'S WOOl Derby -ribbed, the
TT j on form - fitting kind,
UliaerWCar, OVC. the proper weight
tot this season of the year; natural color
wool; worth half as much again as QQ^
Monday's special price, per garment O/C
Exceptional values in good grades of Furniture this week.
Children's High Chair — Golden oak fini-h, cane seat, high tf*-| f p
back, large shelf, regularly £1.75; this week. t^lvfO
Children's Rockers — Solid golden oak, 4 pretty pat- tf*-J QP
terns to select from, cane seat, regularly ta.25, this week. kjjjJLOj)
Cobbler Scat Rocker — High arms and back, solid golden oak,
fancy spindles, roomy and comfortable, regularly £4.00, tf* *7C
this week t^Lim 4 3
Ladies* Writing Desk — Mahoganized birch, with mirror top,
very dainty, pretty patterns, regularly £12.50, this ffQ
week »p VmUtJ
Hall lint rack — Solid golden oak, has 14x12 French plate beveled
mirror, box seat and umbrella stand, regularly Jl 6.50, ff 1 OC
this week %pl.Li»uiJ
Parlor Set — Sofa, divan, armchair, rocker and reception chair, 5
pieces, mahogany finished frames, full clipper edges, covered in fine,
heavy velours, frames highly polished, a splendid value tf* OQ f\f\
at *35-Oc; this week *p£i /•Ul/
Furniture Specials.
Ladies* $3.50 Patent
Leather Shoes, $2.37.
This offer for Monday only — . •
good patent leather, made Jfj
on the new mannish bulldog j ¥ I
last, with wide extension _ j#!
hand-sewed soles and. mat g% "^
kangaroo tops; our regular J&'
J3.50 shoe, to-morrow — /&?. : a
$2.37. J&Jy
and widths. §?^£^^
Paper Cutters.
What an opportunity to buy holiday "1^*%
gifts at Monday's special price, each X fl W
Sterling Silver Anothe f of J he b , ig
- T i#« -tn ttore s popular sales
NOVellieS, 17C. of Sterling Silver
Novelties, 925-1000 fine; the picture shows
the pretty handles, and there are large quan-
tities of each of these articles:
Tooth Brushes, Darners, Hooks,
Nail Brushes, Blotters, Files,
Shoe Horns, Erasers, Seals,
20c Linings, w^! ve , «> \j**»
•» - , VT' black taffeta skirt
Monday, lZ^C. lining, fine moire soft
finish, at much betow regular price. It 1$
36 inches wide, and worth 20c 'f^l^»
a yard; special to-morrow at Ib2v
Cube Pins, each 4c to..lf»C
Needle Books, assorted
sizes, each 15c to...{«; 1 .OO
Garter Elastics— new
patterns, yard 10c to..7ISc
French Spool Cotton,
500 yards, spool lot!
Hose Supporters, satin
belt, pair, 2,"c to S I .-•">
Pompadour Hair Rolls,
each, 10c to i25c
Linen Spool Thread, 200
yards, spool Tc
Shell Side Combs, pair
2<Je to S^.."»O
Round Garters, assorted
colors, pair, 20c to. X 1.00
Dr. Hollem's Shoulder
Braces, each oOc
Useful Notions.
Rubber Sleeve? and
Cuffs, pair ISol*
Keatherbone Collar
foundations, each lf»t'
Waterproof Skirt Bind-
ing, yard 10^
Dress landings— (all
makes). yaj-<i 5c to lir»c
Horn Hair Pins, dozen
We to ,-jOc
"Ideal" Skirt Support-
ers, set l()c
Curling Irons. each
3c to 25<«
Feather Stitch Braid,
piece, 10c to U.">c
Wire Hair Pin Cabi-
nets, each 3c, 5o £>e
Whalebone Casing-,
piece, J»c to 2?>e
25c Cottage Cross in three co1 "
I* *_ orings, for draperies over
Dupery, IDC. lace; mantel drapes and
fancy work, 40 inches wide; regular
price 25c a yard; 1,200 yards; Mon- •* Z2*%
day iDL-
Hurd'S 50C The 8u P erfine Writing Pa-
_ —» per, octavo size; square
Papers, ddC. shape envelopes; 4S
sheets of paper and 50 envelopes;
worth 50c a box dCSmr
200 boxes Monday.
Probably enough of these deeply price-cut
Items to last through Monday — but not longer.
Towels One-Third Off.
300 dozen Huckaback Towels; a good grade;
fully bleached; almost all linen; slightly imper-
fect in their finish; on sale Monday at about
one-third off their real value.
25c Sheet We , 8eU «J JKK*
Music 15c. "^".w.r"^ 1
On Monday a still further cut on the fol-
lowing pieces of Sheet Music for one 1 Cs»
day only — per copy Afc/W
"Bohemia Caprice," "Irma Waltzes,"
"Answer," "My Sunbeam Lou," "Linah,
Do You Lore Me," "Close Your Goo-Goo
Eyes," "Every Day Is a Wedding Day."
Also 200 single copies of late Vocal and In-
Etrumental Music.
20C UnframCd H »n d » ora e gray-toned
.... o reproduction of cele-
PlCtVreS OC. brated works of art-
such desirable subjects as "Head of Rem-
brandt," "Countess Potocka," "Saint Ce-
ceila," Raphael's "Madonna," etc. — .
nicely mounted on 13x15 inch gTay or Qr*
black mounts. Special to-morrow. . . . Ow
Monday's Special Sale
Mexican Leather Goods.
Bought the balance of a
j£«gK5!?2N native manufacturer's stock
BWggJ§5«Jk of beautifully hand-carved
JMKSv'uCj* and handsomely finished
ifjftZ^A'^Sfe leather goods. The articles
R^V^©^ in this collection will make
rS^'tfSjt'f;! beautiful holiday gifts for
Nfcr<£££x\ ladies or gentlemen —
Jv^JSG^ $1.15 Desk Blotter?, Mon-
51.75 PlavingCards.$1.14
¦ J1.50 Whiikbroom Hold-
ers 99c
$1.75 Cigar Cases $1.14
I1.25 Cigarette Cases 83c
$3.00 Cigar Cases $2.00
set 65.75 to $20.00
'I'tlblC Dilmask — Pure bleached linen, 72 inches wide, yard
55c to $2 00
Si inches wide, per yard $1.S5 to $2.00
Hleaclied Table Danwsk — Fine thread, satin finish, heavy
texture, an unusually good quality for the price, per yard 75c
Three-quarter Bleached Napkins— Fast selvedges, 22
inches square, fair quality, dozen $1.35
Tray Cloths, Carving Cloths, Finger Doylies, plain and hemstitched.
Largest assortment on the coast, all at department store prices.
The most tastefully set dinner tables have napkins to match the dainty
designs of the cloths; the price is no higher than mismated pieces; we
have them in large assortments of correct styles from the world's best
makers, at department store prices. Here are some unusual values:
Dinner Sets — Fine Austrian Damask, hemstitched by hand, napkins
to match set $7,50 to $25.00
Dinner Sets — Finished pattern cloths, with -'/ matching napkins,
Linens for Thanksgiving.
iS inches.. S2. 00 24^ inches. .$4.3 f> 32^ inches. $7.50
zoli inches. . 2.80 28 inches.. 5.25 34 inches. 10.00
23 inches.. 3.50 29^ inches. . 5.75
Jointed Dolls — Fine quality of bisque head, ball and socket
joints, sleeping eyes, fine mohair wig,, shoes and stockings —
9^ inches 65c i4>< inches. . SI. 00 19 inches . . $1.85
M \' 2 inches 85c 18 inches.. 1.50 20 '^ inches .. 2.25
\ n Vi Jointed Dolls
•* y /^ .Monday, 98c—
Very pretty, 19-inch, full patent jointed
Papier Mache Doll, bisque head, showing
teeth, sleeping eyes; full woven mohair
wig, in ringlets; regularly $1.50 QQ^
— to-morrow only /O V>
Jointed Dolls — Papier mache
body, wooden limbs, ball and socket joint,
bisque head, sleeping eyes, mohair wig in
ringlets —
Papier Mache Dolls — Best quality, wooden limb*, ball and
socket joints, bisque head, sleeping eyes, natural hair wig in long curls,
fine chemise —
1 1 inches $l.0O 19 inches S2.50 z 6 inches SS.OO
16 inches 1.75 S2 inches.... 3.50
Kid Dolls — Full kid, metal riveted body, bisque head, moring
eyes, mohair curly wig, shoes and'stockings^ —
n^ inches 25c 17^ inches. .$1.00 aa inches S2.5O
13 inches 50c 19^ inches.. 150 24 inches.... 3.00
\\Y Z inches. . . .85c io}4 inches. . 2.00
Indestructible Dolls — Cloth body, indestructible head with
mohair wig, dressed in chemise "23c, 50c and $1.00
Bisque Dolls — All bisque, jointed arms and legs, mohair wig.. . .
10c and 13c
Above with sleeping eyes 25c, 50c, 70c, 90c
Xti tT ro Doll — With curly wig, fancy colored chemise
' .'.25c. 50c, S1.00
Rag dolls, kid dolls, papier mache dolls, bisque dolls, dolls with dresses
and dolls without, dolls that sleep and dolls that don't, little dolls, big dolls —
and probably enough of them in stock to supply every child in San Francisco wjth one. To start
the Holiday selling a little earlier than usual, we offer for Monday one extraordinary special and
quote many prices that only the purchase of enormous quantities could make possible:
Dolls of All Degrees.
The lots are still unbroken in our great
purchase of manufacturer's stocks of Winter
Clothing at about 7Oc on the $l.OO.
All sires for men and boys, can be fitted in
all styles, the best clothing that the big store
has ever been able to offer at the prices.
.Men's $12.50 Sack Suits— AH
wool, nobby effects, serge linings.. $8. 95
.Men's $17.50 Sack Suits— A
grand assortment of styles, hand-tailored . .
$10.75
Men's $17.50 Overcoats— Rag-
lans, New Oxfords, Blue and Black Ker-
sey, many of them silk lined throughout.
$1O.S5
Men's High-Class Overcoats —
Worth up to 535-ooj *ate price.. $17. 75
Boys' All-Wool Long Pants
Suits— For $3.98
Boys' $10 Lom? Pants Suits-
Blue cheviots, fancy tweeds and cassi-
meres, for ages 13 to 19, sale price
$({.98
Boys' S3.50 School Suits— All
wool, 8 to 16 years $2.48
Boys' $5.00 rt-piece Vest Suits
— 10 to 16 years — for $3.ty8
Boys* $3.50 Vestec Suits— All wool, 3 to 8 yean. . . .$2.48
Hoys' $3.50 Mouse Saiior Suits — All wool, 3 to 10 yexs..
.'. $2.48
THE EMPOBITJM.
For Men, Boys and Children.
Manufacturer's Sale Clothing
THE EMPORIUM.
Dt. Frances C. Gehricke Dismissed.
The charpe of perjury against Dr. Fran-
ces C Gehrlcke. t ¦which ha* been pending
for some months, was dismissed by Judge
Mogan yesterday. The complaining wit-
ness was De Witt Spencer, whom she had
had arrested previously on a similar
charsre. The perjury charge against Mrs.
Gehrlcke was in connection with a hill <y
sale of her furniture to MrsTFannle M.
Austin.' which she declared she nevei
signed.
NOTHING "FREE."
on its MERITS ! : w -Dr. piercs's BUT.
Sold for CASH only, but at a REASON-
ABLE PRICE. This Belt cures WITHOUT
DRUGS. Call at ofnc* or smd a J-c«tu
stamp for new '•BOOKLET No. 1." Ad- .
drew.
PIERCB ELECTRIC CO.,
rMs BHOADwar. - new roitK.
Or «Ji!<» Market St.. San Francisco.
i #ggy OEWEY.STRONG &C0.>ffX.
@ j:-
XSS^330MARKETsf^!r%SSy jj
R Din S u owd * r * ° ev<!T f>lL
l>r. D. T. £UA£W Revere, So«»_ Ua**.
TER." "VESUVIUS" and ths
"TIGER" Oil Companies, all
in Sunset District.
"L.IOX," "MONARCH." "J. 8. POTTS,"
"PRUDENTIAL," "SUNSET CEN-
LION
OilCompany
Just struck a tremendous flowing vrtll.
Holders of this stock or of any other com-
pany in the Sunset District should send
their address to this office and get our
WEEKLY BULLETIN with full particu-
lars of the development of this well and
all others in th« district. We have an ex-
pert on tho grounds constantly..
James R. T. Merehon,
PROMOTER
I aa fifty-two years old, and for forty
years of that time I have been a chronic
catarrh sunVr*>r. says Mr. James Gleshlng
of Allegheny City; with every chance of
wfath<r my head and throat would be
6turT>d up wtth catarrhal mucus.
I could not breathe naturally throuph
the nostrils for months together and much
of the time I euffered from catarrh of the
stomach. Finally my hearing bepan to
fall and I realized something must be
done.
I tried inhalers and sprays and salves
which gave me temporary relief, and my
nhvslclan advised me to *pray or douche
with Peroxide of Hydrogen. But the ca-
tarrh would speedily return in a few days,
and I became thoroughly discouraged.
I had always been prejudiced against
patent medicines, but as everything els*
had failed I felt Justified in at least mak.
r "5ur 'good old family phyMclan. Dr.
Ramsdtll. laughed at me a little, but said
if I was determined to try patent medi-
cines he would &dvl*e me to b*gin with
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets, because he
knew what they contained and he had
iu-ard of several remarkable cures result-
ing from their use. and. furthermore, that
they were perfectly safe, containing no
cocaine or opiates. -^.
The next day I bousht a fifty-cent box
at a drup store, carried It in my pocket
and four or five times a day J would take
a tablet In I**** than a week I felt a
marked improvement, which continued
until at this time I am entirely free from
any trace *t catarrh.
My head i? clear, my throat free from
Irritation, my hearing Is as good as it
»ver was and I feol that I cannot say
inouRti in praise of Stuart's Catarrh Tab-
Thoe tablets contain extract of Euca-
tvptus bark. Guaiarol. blood root and
other valuable antiseptics combined in
pleasant tablet form, and it Is safe to say
that Stuart's Catarrh Tablfts are far su-
perior in convenience, safety and effec-
tiveness to the antiquated treatment by
inhalers, sprays and douches.
They arc sold by druptrlsts everywhere
Id the United States and Canatf.fl.
Try a Good Thing.
NEVER TOO LATE
ADVEETISEMENTS.
THE EMPOBITJM.
THE EMPORIUM.
exhibition daily, ™ OOldeH l^illC B<1 7ft ft T« ™ der one roof.
8 a.m. to 6 p.m. CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST-AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE First-class Cafe.
cnt conditions are the most favorable for Holiday shopping. You can leisurely choose from complete stocks at department
store prices. In two weeks from now our force of 1500 people will hardly prove adequate to meet the demand of the
Christmas trade. Out-of-town orders should be sent as early as possible, that there may be no delay in transportation dur-
ing the busy weeks that Express and Railroad Companies have more freight than they can handle.
This vast store is now in holiday attire — grander and more beautiful than ever.
Previous season's assortments of Holiday Merchandise are completely eclipsed. Pres-
Thanksgiving and Holiday Stocks
Newest Gloves.
Ladies' French Kid Gloves, all colors and fast black, fitted and war-
ranted, pair $1.25
Ladies' extra fine i-clasp prune lambskin Gloves, perfect fitting, black,
white and staple shades, pair $1.00
Children's a-dasp Kid Gloves, browns, tans, reds and modes, fitted
and warranted, per pair $1.00 and 75c
/} " ' ill
ftjS gf
\V \ "/ 7|TV| VXTl teeth, sleeping e
Sr Wo/ Vn\\ W 'E» ' n r ' n S' ets > '
\ \ I \ '\. \ ! \) — to-morrow on
' )O^. V > wooden lirr
bulldog iLf I
[tension _ j #• I
Paints the Blushes . ~ /j^^^^mjr*-
of Perfect Health «4 ~~&M MWf
by a Magical, yet common sense trans- . ]OTiT«^-/^tt^^^^F ' V§|j>> ¦*, '
formation.- Anita Cream is neither ' r 9^VJft d]^l\Wj v<- w^
paint, powder or bleach, but Is a medi- L/tywV "7/«L;r yfy ydlt^^-
cinal preparation which cures discolor- fc=s4 (/ *<^f§vj" ..J ¦**
ations by removing them in the only )\ r^j^^^' U )^[ )
thoroughly satisfactory manner known "* —^
to science. It actually removes the Outer, discolored cuticle in small dust-like
particles and causes a new, transparent skin to appear. The treatment is neither-
disfiguring or inconvenient. | It is a sure cure for Tan, Freckles, Moth and Liver
Patches, Muddiness and all skin dlscolorations. .
FREE SAMPLE If you cannot obtain AnIU Cream of your druggist, send 50c to us for a tut)
sitad jar. Full particulars and instructions together with a liberal samplt
will be mallad t« aay address for a 3c sump • ¦ - ' * '
Anita Cream 8l Toilet Co. 207 Franklin St.. Los Angeles. C«l.
THE EMPOBHTM.
THE EMPORIUM.SUNDAY NOVEMBER 18, 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address Art Communication* to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
MAJf AGEIl'S OFFICE Telephone Pre«« 2O4
PCB1.ICA.TI0X OFFICE... Mnrke* «nd Third. S. F.
Telephone Prexi SOI.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Pre«« 202.
Delivered !»r Cnrrier*. IB Cent" Per Week.
Flnfrle Cople*. S Centa.
Teram by Mali. Including Powtafret"
DAILY CALL <lnclufl!Tir Eur.dty), ore year $».W
DAILY CALL Xlnrlufllnir Funcari. « months 8.00
X>AILT CALL Or.cludinr Snmfiay). t months 1.50
DAILTOLIa-B? Single Month ~ «5e
EtTCDAT CALL. One Yeer I.M
"WEEKLY CALL, One Year 1.00
All pontxnaBtern are mithorlred to receive
• nlnrrlptlono.
Perr.rle ocples will be f 01 v. axded ¦when requested.
Mafl «-jt>»rrrj»i-» !b crflerlrjr «-h«n«re of a£lr*««> should be
particular tr> r*^e both NTTPC AN*T> OLD ADDRESS In order
to Insure a prompt end correct compliance with their request.
OA-KLA7TD OFFICE 1119 Broadway !
C. CEOIIGK KROGXES9,
Manager Foreign Advertising;. Marquette Building;. Chicago.
(Lorg Distant* Telephone "Central 2613.")
Hf« TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C CARLTOar Herald Sqnarr
JSTTW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEFHES B. SMITH 30 Tribnne Ilnlldlne
VEW TOHK NEki-S STANDS:
'W'aiaorf-Aetcrla. Ilotel; A. Breolano. a tTnlon Square:
Murray HH1 Hctel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Enerraan House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
lYeincnt Hocse; Auditorium Hotel.
WASHTTfGTOTf (D. C> OFFICE. . . .14O« G St., 7T. W.
MORTO\ E. CRAXE, Correspondent.
IIRAXCn OFFICES— C?7 Montgomery, comer of Clay, open
cst!I t:tO o'clock. 800 Hayes, open until »:3J o'clock. «33
McAllister, cpen cntil 8:30 o'clock. 615 Larkin. open until
t*D o'clock. 1J41 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open urstll 9 o'clock. 1C9S Valencia, open
uctll 5 o'clock. 1M Eleventh, cpeo until t o'clock. NX cor
ner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until J o'clock.
, The military press censors in South Africa must.be
taking a; vacation; We are being j-egaled, in the
latest reports, with the startling contradictory asser
tions that the Boers are begging the privilege of giv
ir-p up the. ghost, and that General Roberts is insist
ing that every British soldier in the field is needed.
If it were as easy, for some politicians to be elected
to Congress as it is for them to apportion and gerry
mander Congressional districts our crop of -statesmen
might well be looked upon as dangerous to public
safety. /
Russia, It Is announced, wants to treat alone with
China for peace. Highwaymen, even nations, sel
dom want to work their game in the -presence of
others. •¦ ¦
f If Field Marshal Roberts wishes to get that earldom
he would better turn the war in South Africa over
to Kitchener and hurry home. -The struggle is bc
'coming exasperating to the British, and very soon
they will begin blaming h'm for the whole business.
; A movement has -been started in the East to make
; .the second inaugural of McKinley the grandest dis
play of the kind ever seen; and the occasion me-its it
,for the election came nearer being unanimous than
any- we are ever likely to see again.
Congressman Catchings of Mississippi advises the
Democratic party to drop Bryan, free silver, anti
¦:mperialism, trust regulation, government by injunc
tion and appeals to the classes, and to start in again
and make a fight for free trade.
are very fond of politics in New York, for
r Nule their city election is still a year off they are
talking about it instead of paying attention tj
ie approach of Thanksgiving.
> The talk about reforming Democracy would be
::ore valuable if some one would devise a means of
leforming the Democrats.
"Man Is never too old to learn."
"That's so: but he has to be pretty old
before he will admit It."— Chicago Record.
Crawford— Why do you always stay out
so late?
Crabshaw— My wife said she would have
me help her fit up a cozy corner the first
time I came home early.— Puck.
""What's the matter over there? ¦ What's
the crowd doing In front of that house?"
"The man who lives there has Just In
herited $100,000. Those are friends of his
who have come to tell him how to invest
the money."— Chicago Times-Herald.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
AN OPPORTUNITY FOR GEORGIA.
AT the last session of the Georgia Legislature a
bill designed to restrict negro suffrage was
introduced, but failed of passage. Now an
other bill with the same intent, framed on the model
of that recently adopted in North Carolina, has been
brought forward, and it remains to be seen whether
the Georgians will stand by their right decision or fol
low the evil example set them by so many of their
sister States.
Georgia has now an opportunity to do much to
redeem the South from the discredit that has come
upon it through the tricks devised and adopted to de
feat the intent of the constitution and deprive th
ncgro of the franchise conferred upon him as a recog
nition of his rightful place in American citizenship.
The Georgians can make no just complaint of fears
of negro domination.- Equal suffrage has prevailed
there ever since the close of the war, and the State
during most of that time has been under full control
of the whites. It has had a fair degree of prosperity,
and of late, since the people have turned their atten
tion to mining and manufacturing as well as to cot
ton growing, the advance of the State in population
and in wealth has been one of the most notable in
dustrial features of the decade. Consequently Georgia
nas no grave evil to complain of. On the contrary,
her people have every inducement to let well enough
alone.
At the time when the former bill was under consid
eration it was opposed by a large majority of the in
fluential men of the State, and its defeat was easy.
Those men declared at that time that the true policy
of Georgia is to leave suffrage as it is, and to seek by
education and by industrial development to fit the
negroes for the rights of citizenship by treating them
riehtly. In other words, the negroes were to be in
structed in the duties of citizenship by practicing
those duties. < H; -
It is true that much of this excellent preaching on
the part of the Georgians was hypocritical, for the
negro vote has been virtually suppressed there by in
direct methods, and a Republican ticket has no chance
of success; but still a considerable part of it was sin
cere and honest. Even that which was hypocritical
was at least a tribute to honesty, for it was a recogni
tion that equal suffrage is in itself desirable.
It is to be hoped the Georgians will not fall back
from the position they took at that time. The pa
triotism displayed by the Southern people during the
Spanish war^has banished the last lingering prejudice
that may have existed in the North against them, and
it is known that the present administration is desirous
of advancing Southern interests and breaking up the
unnatural condition of politics that prevails there. If
the Georgians, therefore, will only show a willingness
to co-operate with the better elements of the whole
DRIED APPLE CHAMPAGNE.
ACCORDING to a correspondent of the New
York Tribune, the Department of Agriculture
at Washington is engaged in making experi
ments to determine the effect of the activity of cer
tain microbes in the fermentation of wine and cider.
The correspondent says:
"Everybody has heard and has told with disgust
of the shipment of vast quantities of California wine
to France, to be returned and sold as French wine.
But that is nothing ro the cider plan. Now it is toM
that American apples— not good ones, but such as
can find no market as apples— are dried and sent to
France in bales and there soaked and ground and
made into cider and treated with the chosen microbe
and sent back to this country as champagne, and such
champagne, too, as an expert can scarcely tell from
the genuine."
The story comes quite apropos to the discussion of
proper labeling which the French precipitated upon
us by excluding some of our wines from competition
at Paris. If the reports be accurate that French deal
ers not only put their brands on cheap California
wines first imported to France and then sent back to
New York, but are also furnishing champagne made
from dried apples, it is clearly time for California
winemakers to drop the use of French names. There
is, of course, some doctored and "sophisticated" wine
made in this State, but it is only a small fraction of
the whole wine output. As a rule, our wines are pure
and arc made from grapes of good quality. Why,
then, should any of our winemakers desire to put
upon them a label that will give rise to suspicion that
they may be fraudulent?
Concerning the experiments, it is stated they are
based upon a theory that the excellence of a wine de
pends not ?o much on the fruit from \vhich the juice
comes as upon the Tight microbe getting into the
juice. It is claimed upon that theory that if we can
propagate and cultivate the right microbe the wine
produced from dried apples will be as good as the
choicest wines made from grapes. The corre
spondent adds that the Agricultural -Department is
getting on rapidly with the experiments and has at
tained jome encouraging results.
New York is Democratic and the State is Republi
can, so the Republicans purpose to establish a State
constabulary so as to take the city police force out of
Democratic hands; St. Louis is a Republican city
and Missouri is a Democratic State, so the Demo
crats purpose to have a State constabulary to take
control of the St. Louis police. It would appear
from this that among our Eastern fellow citizens the
police force is regarded as the biggest thing in poli
tics.
If the people of San Francisco entertained as slight
a regard for the Board of Education and the Super
intendent of Schools as they, judging from their in
terminable rows, have for one another, his Highness
the Mayor would see the necessity of appointing a
new governing body for the public schools.
THE small majority of Tammany in Xew York
hss given impulse to the energy of these who
hope to free the citj' from the control of that or
ganization.
Bishop Potter has taken up the fight against offi
.• cially encouraged vice in that city with a will and a
vim that seem to promise good results. His state
ments are not based on theories but upon facts which
. he has carefully collected, and the result should
' startle the country.
In its actual government New York is not a suf
ferer. Public administration there is fairly economi
¦ cal. But, considered from a moral standpoint, the
government is rotten. Tammany, through its con
itTol of the courts and the police, deliberately uses the
; city as a vast vice plant. Sin and folly are encour
• aged by immunity, and their income is blackmailed
by TaTTjmany. Bishop Potter shows figures to prove
that Croker's organization derives from its taxation
I of crime and vice an income of nearly five millions a
year. This money is partly used to retain its politi
cal hold upon the city, and the rest is divided among
4ihe big chiefs, who, with no visible or honorable
means of support or profit, are rolling in sin-derived
riches.
Conditions have become so startlingly rotten that
the public conscience is quickened, and even the easy
going, •who are satisfied if their tax bills are not high
and the streets are cleaned, are becoming disquieted
2nd show a willingness to even pay more taxes if the
city can b« morally cleansed.
Bishop Potter is not given to sensational state
ments. He is a man of steady judgment In a letter
to Mayor Van Wyck, Croker's agent and minion, he
. cays: "1 call upon you, sir, to save these people, who
5n a very real way are committed to your charge,
from a living hell, defiling, deadly, damning, to which
the criminal snpineness of constituted authorities, s-t
for the defense of decency and good order, threatens
to consign us."
These words tear and cut as they are uttered. They
do not come from a mere impulsive sentimentalist,
bet from a wise citizen, who is under no romantic illu
sions about human nature, but believes that govern
ment is instituted to repress vice and not to share its
profits.
The metropolis of the continent should be morally
. ra well as physically the pride of the country. No one
-an donbt that New York, under the conditions fos
ired by Croker and Tammany, Is the odium of the
United States.
Without believing that ric« can be extirpated by
f^ny 'official vigilance, all men know that it can be
minimized and restrained. The sympathies of the
t country will go out to any body of men who make a
brave fight to break up the vice factory which is the
source of Croker's power and pelf.
GREATER NEW YORK POLITICS.
JOFFROY.
All hall to thee, O day. just dawning now!
When thou ar» spent, shall I have Joined Her? '
O Princess with a name mellifluous:
O Mellsslrde! .... whom Emp'ror Manuel
I>eslred for hla Empirss Byzantine.
Itetween ua still's a waste of ctnople!
, O flower grown from glorious Baudoin's blood,
Shall I at last across the sea, afSf,
?»'lth Bolder, beach and silver frlngre of waves.
See happy Tripoli in which you reign?—
I'lght vapours. In the distance, build as yet
Ttut fancy's palaces! — O prison craft!
Hold death in check, to let me, er« I die.
Inhale at least, with brine, a breath of hope.
And recogr.lze. In distance-reaching waft.
The fragrance of sweet myrtles o'er the eras:
Land is sighted at last, and Joffroy. too weak to go him
self, sends his friend Bertrand to entreat the Princess that she
will coma on board the galley nnd lft him see her ere he die
Bertrand departs on this errand, having promised to recite to*
the Princess the love song which Rudel has written. Tn case
Joffroy dies during Bertrand's absence the galley is to hoist 'a
black sail.
The necond net opens at the palace of Melissinde. She is
Jealously guarded by a Chevalier aux Armes Vertes. whom the
Kmperor Manuel has placed there to ward off all other suitors
The Princess is unhappy; she lonps for she knows not
what, but she thinks It lr. a poet's love. Bertrand. denied ad
mission, slays the outer guards; Mellsflndo and her lady of
honor, Sorismondc. heir the tumult:
MELISSINDE (mounting on the window-sill, tearing oft her sleeve
and holding It aloft).
Strike hard, brave Knight! Here's my sleeve of white!
I order you to change its color here! '
Your blood be spared! Make theirs in rivers run!
You have my silver samite, pure as snow.
Now dye It red, and brine It me! ....
(She throws her Bleeve.)
f THE VOICE OF BERTRAND.
(tumult, clash, then silence).
MELISPINDE (coming down).
He's hewed his way within! ....
(Sorlsmonde closes the window. Silence.)
All noise has ceased. . .
All still. . . . What sought he here?
SORISMON'DE (pointing to the rallery).
- (A slave enters from the gallery, covered with blood swoni It>
hand, his clothes in shreds. He speaks to the Knight.) '
THE KNIGHT.
(He takes his bettle-axe, and, with tranquil courtesy* turns to
By your permtr»»on. I will close the door.
(He closes the door. The pushing of bolts is heard. Silence.)
MELISSINDE.
What are we to expect? Oh! breathless fear!
(A nol«e. crowing nearer. Is heard in the palace )
He comes!— The Knight- Whose-Arms-Are-Green Is there
And he will kill him with that axe he has!— ""^re,
A child like him could never fell the brute!
(Noise behind the door. Clash).
They've met!' .... How long it lasts! .... They
struggle on! ....
Now shuffling feet! -V
ttWd sound.)
(Sil-ncs. The door opens. She backs.)
.... Now open doors!
(Bertrand appears in the doorway, sword In hand, 'wounded on th>
forehead. He throws at the feet of Melissinde her sleeve now soaked
In blood.) .
MELISSINDE (still backing).
Sir Knight! .... What would you say to met
# BERTRA>n}.
'Tls matter commonplace
To be attentive to
An auburn, dark or fair
Mistress. e to.
But Rudel cannot content himself merely with sing!ng the
praises of the Princess; there comes over him a longing to see
her— a longing so great that he must satisfy it or die. Ac
cordingly he embarks for Tripoli, taking with him his bosom
friend, Bertrand d'AIlamanon, knight and troubadour of Pro
vence; Father Trophime, his chaplain, and Erasmus, his phy
sician. Their vessel is ittacked by a Turkish pirate, whom
they beat off with difficulty; storms batter their frail craft,and
starvation threatens them. • • • At this point the play op*>ns,
the stage showing the deck of their disabled and blood-stained
galley. Th© common sailors have become infected with Rudel's
desire to gaze upon the Princess; this sustains them and makes
them hope against hope that they shall yet reach the shores
of Tripoli. So much pf the action as precedes the rising of the
curtain is skillfully explained by a conversation between Father
Trohpime and Erasmus; then Prince Joffroy, who is dying from
fever, is brought on deck.
The germ of his story M. de Rostand found in an old Pro
vencal legend ("only a few lines," he says) recorded in "Nostra
damus." Joffroy Rudel, Prince of Blaye and troubadour from
Aqultalne, has heard of the wonderful beauty of Melissinde, a
Princess of. Orient, Countess of Tripoli." He composes a song
in her honor, which is sung by troubadours and pilgrims not
only throush the lengih and breadth of France btit also
throughout all the M-iditerranean coasts. Here Is the third
stanza in French and the entire song in English (translated by
Charles Renauld): '
RUDEL, TO MELISSINDE.
Car e'est chose supreme
D'aimer sans qu'on vons alme,
D'almer toujours, quand meme
Fans cesse,
D'une amour lncertplne,
Flu* noble d'efre valna. ...
Et Vaime la lolntalna
Prlncesse!
I.
'Tls matter commonplace
To be attentive to
An auburn, dark or fair
Mistress,
When auburn, fair or dark.
Is captured easily. . . .
— I love the far-away
Brlncecs!
II.
"TIs matter plain enoueh
To be a lover true.
If one may kiss Her train
Kach day,
Jlayhap to find and press
A hand that's nothing loth. .
—I love the Princess Far-
Away.
IIL
Fut 'tis a *thlnff supreme
To love, though not beloved.
"With love profound and brave,
CeaselePB;
With love uncertain that's
More noble being vain. ...
—I love th* far-away
Princess!
IV.
For 'tis a thin* divine
To love as fancy bids.
When we Imagine, dream.
Or may. . . .
Then dream is all to us.
"What's life without a dreamt
—I love the Princess Far-
Away!
• • •
I speaking peoples. Yet such ! was undoubtedly the case.
It was Sarah Bernhardt who introduced him to London when
she played a short engagement there in the summer of 1835.
P'our out o* the thirty-one performances she gave upon this
occasion were devoted to a short four-act play called "La
Princesse' Lointalne" ("The Princess Far Away)." a play which
did not commend Itself to the mature judgment of M. Sarcey
and In which only one or two of the English critics could find
anything out of the ordinary. Yet the most cursory reading
of this play discloses the same defects and the same virtues
that characterize "Cyrano de Bergerac"— a conventional but
skillfully handled plot, an excess of dialogue: wit, lyrical
power and a keen eye for the details of stage effect.
T IS difficult to realize that only five years ago M. de
Rostand, now fam ous as the author of "Cyrano de Berge
rac." had acquired but little reputation among his own coun
trymen and was practically unknown among the English-
THAT IDEAL PflPER AGAIN.
DR. PARKHURST of New York, who was
famous a few years ago and who may not be
forgotten yet by persons of good memories,
recently told a reporter of the New York Herald that
a syndicate of wealthy men in that city are seriously
discussing the advisability of establishing an ideal
newspaper. The doctor defined an ideal newspapc
as one that is at once "enterprising and truthful."
He is quoted as saying: "When we read a news
paper we do not know 'whether we are reading the
truth. We have a very strong presumption that we
are not. I am speaking, remember, of the average
paper. At the present time there, are some who are
anxiously considering the matter of establishing a
journal for the purpose of telling the truth, and suffi
ciently capitalizing it so that it will have no trouble in'
telling the truth."
The theory here announced that there must be a
large capitalization in order to enable a paper to have
"no trouble in telling the truth" is one which we trust
is peculiar to New York. That, however, is a minor
matter. The main point is the reliability of the exist
ing newspaper, and upon that point the Boston Globe
was printing a complete answer to Parkhurst just
about the time Parkhurst was making his charge that
people do not rely upon newspapers.
The Globe announced to its readers on the' nth of
this month, that is, five days after the election: "Mr.
McKinley has not been re-elected and Mr. Bryan has
not been defeated. There has been no choice pf Presi
dent. Even the Electors have not been chosen."
Then the Globe went on to say: "To be sure, 15,000,
000 voters went to the polls and cast their ballots full
five days ago, but these votes have not been duly
counted and declared in any one of the forty-five
States of the Union. How, then, can we be so cer
tain who received a majority? There is positively no
official information. All we have seen thus far is
'mere newspaper talk,' and every cautious, long-faced
citizen in the community will solemnly warn you not
to 'believe anything you read in the newspapers.' "
The point which the Globe so cleverly makes ex
poses the absurdity of the oft-repeated assertion that
the. public cannot and does not believe the newspapers.
As a matter of fact the whole civilized world accepts
the report of the newspapers upon the result of the
Presidential election, and hardly one in a thousand
has more than a passing curiosity to know what
the official figures will show.
As in that case so in all others. The newspaper of
to-day is about as near Dr. Parkhurst's ideal as it is
possible for human energy, honesty and enterprise to
accomplish. There are fake papers, of course, just as
there are fake preachers in the church, but they are
not to be counted in questions affecting legitimate
journalism. The people know papers of that kind
and are not deceived by them except where they wish
to be deceived for the purpose of satisfying prejudice.
Still, if Dr. Parkhurst knows a of wealthy
men who are willing to try to improve on the press
of the day we will guarantee them a cordial welcome
tc the field. Our wealthy men can never be too en
terprising, and money sent streaming through the
channels of journalism is just as beneficial as in any
other channel.
By L. Du Pont Syle.
M. EDMOND DE BOSTAND. FIRST HEARD OF BY
ENGLISH SPEAKING PEOPLE AS THE AUTHOR
OF "LA PRINCESSE LOINTAIXE."
rMELJSSlXDE (rocking Joffroy in her arms).
How many am her. though, too toon, too long
And die but after disenchanting days!
To sail, no sooner landed, is better than
ro see decay mar freshness on the- shore!
There's rapture for you In my arms. b«causw
There's still a Stranger in th« Bister her* I
You'll not have known tho wasting sadness of
The idol grown a mere familiar thing!
There's In me still that far-away you lewd.
And. though your eres must close to op« no mm.
Tou'll see me ever In my shadeless light.
As If 'twere always time the, first. th« flrett
• • • ¦•'-•"¦ • • , ;. # '',
A fairy story, if you will, but told with eocquisit* noetic *~>a
dramatic art. Symbolism, too. but simplS. tr^T ¦5d B t2SSi!£?
Is there no audience for such a play In San Francisco? Wh£
would not some amateur dramatic society be. better «moloved
riving such a play than In ringing the changes on the old
BERTRAND.
Coma, Princess -with n. name mellifluous.
• 60 h« shall kne* Jn life what heaven la.
So he shall have, upon his sorry craft.
The sweetest and most desired death!
MELISSINDE (who has been falling back each time ho w*» advancing.)
You speak of whom?
BERTRAND.
Of this Joffroy Rudel .
Whose dying- moment has arrived— of him
Whose love you said you loved. He breathe* his last!
ilako haste! I promised! ....
melissixde.
_._ But. . . . but you. Bn- Knight.
Who are you then?
BERTRAND.
Bertrand d'Allamanon.
His brother, friend. .... Come on then qnlckly!
MEUSSIXDE.
With thla master stroke the act closes.
The third act depicts the struggle In the soul of Bertram*
between love and friendship. He resists the temptation man
fully, but in vain; he paces the palace uneasily and glances In
terror through the great window, lest while he delays na should
see the galley In the offlnp fcoist the black sali.
MELISSIXDE (runs to the window, closes It and lelins back
against It).
Well, now It'e closed! .... And thou art min* to beep!
It's closed. I say. and shall not ope again!
. Now let's forget! This palace is a world!
- (She eoes toward him.)
The air Is loaded with perfumes. We'U breath*?
This palace be our home, we'll leave It ne'er!
Now see the warmth of roaea on the floor
Where lilies spread their coldness In th» mom!
—The window's closed, I say; abolish fear!—
Pale flowers bora of dream ax» now foresworn:
Love rl»eth richer blossoms. Smile thou her*'
We shall Ignore the world. How should we know?
We'll question nobody. E'er at my feet
Thy life. And naught shall be but our embrace!
Why should wa feel remorse, or even fearT
VSto ever spoke of rallers. of Rudel?
No living soul! Nanrht's troe but our love!
B»yond this window here, the golden beach
Extends toward the blue: no ga.lley*a there t
Some day. far off. when w» shall open it.
The windowM! show but light, and nothing more.
And then we'll lough. ....
The window opens suddenly, as If a gal© wer« blowing.
Melissinde dares not close it again. They hear the- paires talk-
Ing outside about a galley in the harbor that has JuS: hoisted
a. black sail: Bertrand suffers an agony of remorse for his
treachery to his friend.
MEIJSSINDH (going to th» window).
Betrayed and d*ad! Hav* mercy! No wv«i»[
I'll seek thea bow!
(With a load cry.)
Bertrand. the saU Is wtltit
BERTRAND.
Oh! God!
MJXISSrNDE.
They said
BERTRAND (who has gon« to the window and point* to tl» otOax 1
It was the mournful sail
Upon that fadicc ehlp that bean away
The body of the Knlght-Whoae-Arroa-ara-Greent
But see! Our galley rides at anchor still!
Its sail Is white!
MELISSINTjm.
¦Au"?»Jn*rt an unre okyt
As white as hop* of pardon! Gracious Ood,
Prolong, I pray, the whiteness of the Bail
tin which I se«, at last. star supreme!
O duty, voice that we suTJdue In vain.
I come! X co 1X19 to thee. Joffroy Rudel T
I come! And thou art dearer to ro* cow
By all the 111 I nearly did to theel
The fourth act shows the- deck of the gallfty, the me«tln#
of Melissinde and Joffroy and the- death of the latter It oon
talns no striking situations, but abounds In beautiful lyrical
passages, such as the following:
What a capital situation! But even better is to follow.
Melissinde does not let Bertrand finish the song; she knows it
by heart and finishes it for him. • • • Bertrand faints from
loss of blood: Melissinde binds his wounds and believes him to
be Joffroy. When Bertrand revives he pleads his friend's
cause.
As usual, an investigation of a local scandal has
been made, guilt has been proved and no one upon
whom to shoulder blame has been found. The milk
and water outrage at the City and County Hospital
is another example of the farce of seeking to uncover
public rascals. -~~
M. DE ROSTAND'S DRAMATIC
FAIRY STORY.
COMMERCIAL HONOR.
THE Santa Ana Blade very properly and im
pressively warns the orange-growers of South
ern California that they must cease rushing their
fruit in an unripe condition into an early market.
This State is in a position to control the citrus fruit
and raisin market of the country, as well as to domi
nate in canned and dried fruit. But this can be done
only by observing strictly the rules of commercial
honor. This State, in its fruit production, can outdo
the world. Our wines and brandies, and our other
products of the vineyard and orchard, are easily the
best and are the greatest in variety. For every pound
of fruit and every pint of wine and brandy there is a
profitable market, at home and abroad, if we will^
sternly adhere to commercial honor. Let it be added
that commercial intelligence is also required. Dif
ferent markets require different methods of prepara
tion. Our export trade in canned and dried fruits
should be studied more thoroughly. The countries
to which we export are accustomed to a different
method of packing from that which is acceptable to
the home market. Abroad, goods are most accept
able in glass package*. The eye must be pleased as
well as the palate. We import French peas, and ber
ries, in glass. An examination of the packages show3
that the greatest care is observed in packing, so as to
strike the eye. The color and form of the fruit are
studied and the artistic sense is present in the whole
process of preparation. The same is true of dried
fruit. We have impressed Europe with our prune
product, and foreign producers admit their inability to
compete with it, either in price or quality. Our other
dried fruits are following the cleavage made by the
prune. As far as that market is concerned its com
plete conquest is only a matter of agreeable packing
and first-class quality. The subject is immense, and
immensely affects the whole industrial future of Cali
fornia.
The suggestion of the Santa Ana paper covers pan
of it. The Southern California orange is a late
ripener. The hurry to crowd it into the Thanksgiving
market is a mistake. It not only injures the citrus
product of that section, but destroys the symmetry of
the State's capacity. The Northern California orange,
with the center of its field at Oroville. Butte County,
nearly in the latitude of Chicago, is an early ripener.
For several days the fine Oroville orange has been in
the market here, in perfect condition. It has been
exported East for the Thanksgiving market there, and
Southern California should be content to let it fill the
etrly demand. To unfairly compete with it, with un
ripe fruit, is to damage the reputation of the whole
crop of the State and discourage further planting in
the north. If the market were treated fairly the repu
tation of the State as a citrus producer would be
greatly enhanced. It would then be demonstrated to*
the market that California has the longest orange sei
son of any part of the world. Our northern orange
would strike the trade, in November, in excellent con
dition and hold it from November to January, and
then the Southern California orange would follow,'
filling the demand until spring. The trade would be
glad to discover that our season of perfect fruit covers
about seven months in the year, a long season. that
neither Florida nor Mexico nor Sicily can hope to
rival. If the south will refrain from crowding the
market with oranges that should be left on the trees
the orchards of the north will be greatly increased to
supply the early demand, and the south will be in no
way injured, for the northern fruit does not compete
with it at all in point of time. Instead of shipping
unripe oranges to the East, Southern California
should be a customer for our earlier fruit, as we are
for her later crop.
A little less desire to make a present profit, at the
risk of destroying a rising market, would greatly
benefit the whole State.
country in dealing with the race problem, they will
not only profit themselves but will* confer a benefit
upon all their sister States of the South.
CALIPORNIAira HT WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, Nov. 17.— T. E. Dwysr,
F. Perry Watson and William Cassia of
California are at tho Metropolitan.
Ben Thomas, a Delano rancher. Is at th»
Grand.
Dr. M. M. Shearer of Santa Rosa Is at
Jhe Lick.
Judge S. Solon Holl of Sacramento la at
the Grand.
M. p. stein and wife of Stockton are at
the California.
Dr. J. G. Bally of Santa Ana is regis
tered at the Palace.
W. A. Thompson and wife of Butt©,
Mont., are at the Palace.
J. E. Beard, a prominent Napa mer
chant. Is at the California.
Mr. and Mrs. Hugh Phlpps of Los An
geles are at the Occidental.
R. M. Straus, a mining man from Mex
ico, Is registered at the Grand.
James "W. Menturn, who has charge of
the Sharon estate at Sharon, is at the
Palace. :; A !
P. G. Gow and family of Scotland. t*ho
are making a tour of this country, are at
the Palace.
Governor de F. Richards of 'Wyoming
arrived at the Occidental last night. He
Is on his way to Coronado Beach, v wherw
he ¦ goes for two months' recuperation.
The Governor Is greatly pleased over
Wyoming's big vote for McKlnley.
PERSONAL MENTION.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 1900.
18
AUCTION SALES.
Turkish and Persian Rags— Monday, at i o'clock, at corner
Geary end Ptockton streets.
Gulllet a Thanksgiving mince pie. - Icecream
SOS Larkin et.. phono East 198. ' ' • '
New Overland Tourist Car Line.
The COLORADO MIDLAND RAILWAY will
run every Monday from Los Angeles at 10:20 p
m. and every. Tuesday at 6 p. m. from San Fran-
clsco, a personally conducted through Pullman
tourist sleeper to Chicago, via the Rio Grande
Western. Colorado Midland and Burlington
routes. " Salt i Lake City and Denver In day-
llffht. For further Information address W. H
DAVENPORT. General Agent, San Francisco
"If I walk backward down the cellar
stairs In the dark I'll see my future hus-
band." • „ ' :
"Nonsense; you'll be more likely to see
our family surgeon."— Chicago Record. :
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Eureau (Allen's«>. 510 Mont-
gomery st. Telephone Main 1042. •
Cal. glace frvlt Me per lb at Townsend'e.*
d* t°v Wll !. ke<?P a Vlal of <77 " at *«nd
and take a dose when necessary you win
never have a cold. It doesn't matter If
the weather changes suddenly: If you are
caught out with light apparel, without
overcoat or wrap: If you get overheated
and ride In an open car. or are e Xpose d
waiting for your carriage; If you work or
sew In a cold room, or sit In a draughty
church, meeting-house, opera or theater
If you carry a v!al of "TV' (i t nts th *
pocket and pocketbook) and use it freely
you will be protected and will not take
Cold. ¦»
At druggists, or mailed. 25c.
Dr. Humphreys' manual on the care and
treatment of tho sick In all ailment! (csds
dally children) mailed free., -
Humphrey* 1 Homeopathic Medicine, Cb. r«-
-WUlUua * John St*. N.w Tork.
you don't take cold or have the
If you take "Seventy-seven"
"77"
AMTTSEMENTS.
Orrhenm— VatuSevine.
Gracfi Orera-hoTJse— 'Tl Trova.tore."
AIczesj — "H'.s Absent Boy."
Colcnr.b'a — "The Ameer."
Tlvo!l— "Carmen."
Alhambra— "A Strarjrer In New York."
California— Royal Marine Band of Italy.
OIjtt.f'.s, corner Marcn and E<53y rtreets— Specialties.
Chutes. Zoc er.d Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
ever.ir-s.
Orrheum— Benefit O.arfty Fund Associated Theatrical Mar-
»ger«. Thursday afternoon. November 22.
Fischer's — Vaudeville.
r.pcreation Park— Daseball.
Vnlon Courflrr Park— Courelrx.
Tr-r.foran Park— Races to-morrow.
ADVERTISEMENTS.The members of the clergy and of the
laity who worked bo unceasingly during
the recent election for the constitutional
amendment exempting church property
from taxation find their efforts crowned
with success. The amendment was car
ried by an overwhelming majority. The
appended table, shows the vote through
out the State, with the exception of four
counties, those of Alpine. Inyo, Plumas
and Las6en. As the majority in favor of
the amendment is 12,330 and as there are
only 2282 votes in the counties named,
they cannot affect the result. The vote
by counties ls:
Thousand.
With Four Small Counties Yet to
Hear From the Vote in Favor
Is Over Twelve
Constitutional' Amendment
Permitting This Is
Carried.
CHURCH LANDS
ARE EXEMPTED
ST. PAUL. Nov. 17.— The condition of
Senator C, K. Davis was to-day somewhat
improved. ' When the new complications,
the delirium and inflammation of the kid
neys, developed early In the week, it was
professionally stated that unless a pro
nounced change for the better took place
before the end of the week the worst
might be feared.
It was given out to-day, unofficially,
that to-morrow the turning- point In tho
Senator's condition will decide his chances
for recovery.
Senator Davis' Condition.
"Wo want only our share for tho Pa
cific Coast. I believe In bulldlngr battle
ships, cruisers, monitors, torpedo boats
and submarine craft. The navy n*»eda
them all. This Government ls rich enough
to build submarine Holland boats evei
If It is not incontestably proved that they
will do all their Inventor claims. If they
do what Is claimed It is all up with the
battleship that ls attacked. The Govern
ment at most can afford to disprove tho
claims made for submarine boats."
"The Government's policy," Mr. Scott
eald, "should be and is to build a big navy
and to distribute tho work of building
among: the fellows In all parts of tbs
country who have had the pluck and
ability to set up and run a plant. We
don't want all the contracts.
CHICAGO, Nov. 17.— Henry T. Scott of
the Union Iron Works, San Francisco,
one of the builders of the Oregon, was
here to-day on his way East. He will bo
In Washington December 7, when bids will
be opened for the building of five battle
ships and six cruisers. He thinks his
company will obtain contracts for two
battleships and two cruisers.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Believes His Company Will Get Con
tracts for the Construction
of Four Ships of
War.
Henry T. Scott of the Union
Iron Works En Route
to Washington.
GOES TO BID ON
NEW BATTLESHIPS
Out of a mass of contradictory edicts
purporting to be from tht court and va
rious Viceroys and officials which have
found their way Into Peking and Tientsin
it appears that in the more remote regions
of North /China there is still -an active
restlessness and hostility among the'peo
ple. How many of these edicts are genu
ine and how many of the reports that. are
brought in are genuine no one can say.''
Most of the rumors of massing troops at
one point and another are obtained
TIENTSIN, Oct. 7.-Tho withdrawal
from North China of a large portion of
tho American and Russian troops, and re
peated but unconfirmed reports that Ja
pan contemplates similar action, has
caused much comment In military and
commercial circles. .While it is not felt
that this reduction of the allied force is
Bufllcient to render the situation danger
ous, the chief cause of alarm is that. this
action on the part of two of the powers
might indicate a general policy of with
drawal. There is a large j element of for
eign residents who insist that all danger
of a renewal of trouble is not past, and It
is from this Quarter that most of the ad
verse criticism of the American reduction
comes. : ;•-:.*¦
ble Is Not Over.
Correspondence of the Associated Presn,
OBJECT TO WITHDRAWAL.
foreigners Near Tientsin Pear Trou-
Despite the fact that the Russian Min
ister to China ls co-operating in the peace
negotiations, the most iniluential journals
apparently regret that the United States
Government has not withdrawn from the
concert of the powers. The Novoe Vrem
ya says it cannot believe that real prog
ress has been made, and it declares that
the propositions formulated are indecisive
and aro necessarily preliminary, because
they contain demands that China cannot
fulfill on account of her poverty. More
over, says the Novoe Vremya, the mili
tary situation has become more danger
ous. The French probably will be com
pelled to return to Indo-China, where rev
olutionary agents are active. All China
is awaiting word from the Emperor to be
gin a desperate war.
The director of the Orient Institute of
Vladivostok pronounces the loss of the
Chinese libraries at Peking and Tientsin
by flre as Irreparable, as they contained
numerous preclouB manuscripts on the
subject of the Chinese dynasties.
of Cossacks, had a sharp fight on Novem
ber 11, twenty versts from Kirin. on the
Kirin-Mukden road, ¦with Chinese regu
lar troops. Twenty Cossacks were killed
ami twenty were wounded. ,
A reconnoissance developed the fact
that Mogeasshan is inclosed with a stone
wall eighteen feet high, and that the In
ner city also is walled.
.LONDON. Nov. 17.— A news agency dis
patch from .Shanghai says j Prince Tuan
ls , under arrest" at Nighsla, ; province cf
Shansee, :that Governor Tu-HBien has
been arrested at Plnan near Sianfu and
that Sheng."* the. director of. telegraphs
and railroads, has memorialized the throne
denouncing Yu-Hsien. . The dispatch adds
that' an edict is expected condemning Yu-
Hsien to death.
TITAN UNDER ARREST.
TIENTSIN, Oct. 20.— Numerous in
stances of robbery and mistreatment of
Chinese by European soldiers have been
reported to the authorities, and since the
withdrawal of the -American contingent
of tho military police of the Walled City
lawlessness has Increased. Much of it is
la(d at the door of recently arrived troops,
but the Chinese fear of foreigners makes
it practically Impossible to get evidence
against the perpetrators. The coolie
gangs employed ' by the Americans have
been robbed several times while returning:
at night to their native city and they as
sert that the French. soldiers did it. , Now
each gang carries a small American flag
and as far as reported this has afforded
them protection. . -.^.
Within the past few days several com- 1
plaints have been made to the provisional
city government. that soldiers have open
ly looted Chinese houses late at night, the
Chinese police affording absolutely no
protection against - foreigners. ¦¦"¦-'¦¦
According to Chinese reports small
bands of robbers have been committing
depredations in villages near, the city, but
so far no ¦ organized effort to suppress
them- has been made by -the military au
thorities., In fact, the scarcity of troops
available for such work and the utter im
possibility of locating the guilty parties
make such. a task a formidable one.
at Tientsin.
Robbery and Pillaging Is Rampant
LOOTERS REIGN SUPREME.
through native Christians, and there is a
rather general disposition to accept them
with some alarm for the /distortion and
exaggeration which seem to be inherent
in the Oriental. Scouting parties have
covered a wide territory both around Pe
king and Tientsin without discovering any
enemies in force, and in but few instances
any at all. The . one exception in the
Tientsin country was a small affair on
October 4. A detachment of Germans was
reconnoitering toward the Paoting-Fu re
gion when it was fired upoYi from cover
three Germans being wounded, and ac
cording to report, one Japanese coolie
killed. The Germans kept the affair very
secret and no official report of it has been
obtainable.
recently, collided with Shaindengue and
twe battalions of Chinese regular troops,
who were operating with him. Lieutenant
Colonel Durieff captured two guns in the
engagement.
General Foh. a few days later, -with a
mixed Russian force, engaged 3000 of
Shaindpngue's followers in the same pass
In which Lieutenant Colonel Durteft
fought the bandits. General Fob also
took two guns.
General Rennekampf, with five sothnlaa
ST. PETERSBURG, Nov. 17.— The Rus
sian troops are encountering a robber re
public lying south of Kirin, Manchuria.
In the mountainous basin of the upper
Eungari. The president of this congeries
cf banditti is a certain Shaindengue. Ac
cording to general staff dippa.tches. Lieu
tenant Colonel DuriefC, with two com
panies of infantry cm fl a Bothnia and a
half of Cossacks, while reconnoitering
RUSSIAN TROOPS IN THREE ENGAGEMENTS WITH
CHINESE REGULARS UNDER CHIEF SHAINDENGUE
RECEfVES PRINCE CHING
Von "Walderscc Holds Interview With
V Chinese Representatives.
. PEKING, Nov. 15.— The commander In
chief "Of the International forces. Count
von Waldersee. received Prince. Ching and
L,l Hung. Chang, the Chinese peace com
missioners, to-day, at the imperial palace.
Von' Waldersee demanded that the . Chi
nese troops be withdrawn from the vicin
ity of the territory occupied by the allied
forces; adding that if this was done tho
dispatch ; of • military expeditions by tho
allies would bo discontinued.
American <"!onsul Notified That- ITlrst
Installment Is $1O,OOO.
CANTON. Nov. 17.— The American Con
sul'here has been notified that the Board
of, Reconstruction has been ordered to pay
$10,000 as the first installment In the set
tlement of American claims. All the Con
suls are pressing for indemnity for the
destroyed missions. A special deputy
has been appointed for each district to
estimate the damage done, the Chinese
apparently realizing that the settlement
of the claims is the only method of rid
ding Canton of foreign gunboats.
A fire has occurred which destroyed be
tween 200 and 300 houses.
INDEMNITY TO, BE PAID.
Six New Points to Be Discussed by
Peking Ministers.
PARIS, Nov. 17. — At a council of the
Ministers to-day, M. Delcasse, the
French Minister of Foreign Affairs, an
nounced that the Ministers at Peking had
transmitted to their respective govern
ments a number of articles of a Joint note
and they contemplated adding six points
to those already reached as a basis for
peace negotiations.
A dispatch from General Vyron. the
commander of the French forces in China,
said the French column, returning from
Paotingfu had occupied the Imperial
tombs, a hundred kilometers southwest
of Peking* French and Russian* forces,
the dispatch also said, occupied the tombs
situated at the same distance east of Pe
king.
Tne French commander also announced
that a Tartar marshal and a Chinese offi
cer had. been condemned to death by an
International commission for having par
ticipated In the massacres. The condi
tions were quieter in the vicinity of Pao
tingfu, though some Boxers were still
there.
Henry D. Uoyd Asserts That Hates
Axe Lowered to the Corporation
and Raised to Others.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 17.— The Indus
trial Commission to-day made public an
affidavit made by Henry D. Lloyd, author
of ""Wealth Against Commonwealth," in
response to charges made by John D.
Archbold of the -Standard Oil Company in
his testimony before the commission.
In his testimony Mr. Archbold com
mented upon the character of the book
and the motives of its author, saying it
was one-sided and unreliable, and inti
mating that Mr, Lloyd hoped to make
something out of the oil company through
the prosecution of thn Rice case against
the company. All these charges are de
nied by Mr. Lloyd, who says the state
ments made by him are based entirely
upon official and court records. He
charges ' direct connection, between the
Standard Oil Company and the old South
Improvement Company of Pennsylvania,
and says occurrences since the publica
tion of his book indica-te the continuance |
to the Standard Company within recent
times of railroad favors made to the im
provement company. In this connection
he refers to the testimony taken by the
Interstate Commerce Commission, in Bos
ton in 1898. as going to show that the Bos
ton and Albany Railroad is "underbill
ing cars of the oil trust to such an extent
that in some cases half of such shipments
in Massachusetts went free."
Mr. Lloyd also says: "The evidence
taken in the investigation in the early
part of 1900 by the Canadian Parliamen
tary committee, if correctly reported,
seems to indicate that the same old South
Improvement ! Company system substan
tially has been extended by the Canadian,
railroads to the oil trust, and that these
railroads have been putting the price of
transportation down for the favored cus
tomers and up for the other. Just as the
Supreme Court of Ohio found the rail
roads of that State doing for the same or
ganization in 1S85.
NEGOTIATIONS FOB PEACE.
CHARGES THAT RAILROAD
FAVOR STANDARD OIL TRUST
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAIiL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 1900.
19
Alameda
•Alpine
Arnador
Butte
Calaveras
Colusa
Contra Costa
Del Norte
El Dorado
Fresno
Glenn
Humboldt
•Inyo
Kern
Kings
Lake
•Lassen
Los Angeles .........
Madera
Marln |
Mariposa ..............
Mendoclno '
Merced
Modoo
Mono
Monterey
Xapa
Nevada
Orange
Placer
•Plumas
Riverside
Sacramento
San Benlto
San Bernardino
Ban Diego
San Francisco !
Ban Joaquln ..........
San Luis Oblspo
Ban Mateo
Santa Barbara
Partta Clara
Fanta Cruz
Shasta
Sierra
Slsklyou
Solano
Sonoma
Stanislaus
Butter
Tchama
Trinity
Tulare
Tuolutnna
Ventura
Tolo
Yuba
¦ *No returns.
COUNTIES.
3 fc o r
2 « ¦ E. 8
! o f :>•
9,242 8,619 722
""945 627* "m '.'.'".
1.138 1,881 743
605 729 124
683 69S 85
1,755 841 914 .....
211 149 62
546 1,204 6M
2,903 1.951 952
458 375 83
1,743
'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'. '.'.'.'.'.'.'.'. *272' .'.'.'.'.
715 668 147
277 845 63
'izj'tk' 'vi,m' i.*466" '.'.'.'.'.
480 605 23
1.108 760 346 ....'.
S0« 392 86
1.895 1.187 208 .....
681 6:0 61
81
86
1.574 1,031 M3
1.161 1,155 6
1,561 1,179 883
1.482 1,951 469
1,033 1,262 830
"t.iii 9si" "i.oM '.'.'.'.'.
3.142 3,064 86
639 453 191
2.735 1.738 997
2.789 S.853 64
2S.K«5 21.301 7,264
3,241 2,617 276
979 1,021 42
1,021 629 432
1.518 957 661
6.813 8.543 J.270
1.610 1.399 112
891 1.847 956
124
1.072 1,086 14
2,315 1.598 71»
2.5S7 8.223 635
777 793 16
476 420 86
604 1,145 542
178 489 811
1.31.7 1,481 1S4
811 821 10
1,344 813 531
987 1,143 161
829
Alameda
•Alpine
Arnador
Butte
Calaveras
Colusa
Contra Costa
Del Norte
El Dorado
Fresno
Glenn
Humboldt
•Inyo
Kern
Kings
Lake
•Lassen
Los Angeles .........
Madera
Marln |
Mariposa ..............
Mendoclno '
Merced
Modoo
Mono
Monterey
Xapa
Nevada
Orange
Placer
•Plumas
Riverside
Sacramento
San Benlto
San Bernardino
Ban Diego
San Francisco !
Ban Joaquln ..........
San Luis Oblspo
Ban Mateo
Santa Barbara
Partta Clara
Fanta Cruz
Shasta
Sierra
Slsklyou
Solano
Sonoma
Stanislaus
Butter
Tchama
Trinity
Tulare
Tuolutnna
Ventura
Tolo
Yuba
¦ *No returns.
COUNTIES.
3 fc o r
2 « ¦ E. 8
! o f :>•
9,242 8,619 722
""945 627* "m '.'.'".
1.138 1,881 743
605 729 124
683 69S 85
1,755 841 914 .....
211 149 62
546 1,204 6M
2,903 1.951 952
458 375 83
1,743
'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'. '.'.'.'.'.'.'.'. *272' .'.'.'.'.
715 668 147
277 845 63
'izj'tk' 'vi,m' i.*466" '.'.'.'.'.
480 605 23
1.108 760 346 ....'.
S0« 392 86
1.895 1.187 208 .....
681 6:0 61
81
86
1.574 1,031 M3
1.161 1,155 6
1,561 1,179 883
1.482 1,951 469
1,033 1,262 830
"t.iii 9si" "i.oM '.'.'.'.'.
3.142 3,064 86
639 453 191
2.735 1.738 997
2.789 S.853 64
2S.K«5 21.301 7,264
3,241 2,617 276
979 1,021 42
1,021 629 432
1.518 957 661
6.813 8.543 J.270
1.610 1.399 112
891 1.847 956
124
1.072 1,086 14
2,315 1.598 71»
2.5S7 8.223 635
777 793 16
476 420 86
604 1,145 542
178 489 811
1.31.7 1,481 1S4
811 821 10
1,344 813 531
987 1,143 161
829
ADVERTISEMENTS.
**— **f|§\ Rainy-Day
i / m ( Shoes for tlie
I 1 m golf 1
I <W SKIRT
\k SW ARE JUST
% !^y IN SEASON.
V: JhJ Our stock is
V. i v! l^ e raost com-
Y t^oj plete on this
V 'fVi coast.
Vr |,\3 Box Calf
V t/ft Chrome Calf
V llSJ Vici Kid
V ,,\* Patent Leather
I [o Tan Goat
f Ol Tan Vici
n \^k Russia CslIU
Hdght 11 and 13 inches.
Prices $2.50, $3.OO. 93.6O. 54.0O
and 95.OO.
Our styles and prices cannot be du-
plicated anywhere.
' OUR WINDOWS DISPLAY
THEM.
We are selling LAIRD. SCHOBER
& CO.'S
PRIZE-WINNERS at
$5.00.
French Kid, Lace and Button, hancf-
turned soles or welted sewed soles, all
the latest styles.
The same styles in other makes at
$2.50, $.1.00, 9^.oO and 94.00.
CUT THIS OUT TO ORDER BY.
OR SEND FOR ILLUSTRATED
CATALOGUE.
NOLAN BROS.
(PHELAM BUILDING)
812-814 Market St.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
— or the—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
— O? THB—
ROYAL
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF LIVERPOOL. ENGLAND. ON THE S1ST
day of December. A. D. 1S33, and for the
year ending on that day. as nuda to th«
Insurance Commissioner of tft« State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of Sections
610 and 811 of the Political Code, condensed aa
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Real estate owned by company tt, 113. <>9O 03
Loans on bonds and mortgairwi KO.000 00
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company S.7M.S09 J3
Cash In company's office 2.341 21
Cash In banks S49.S13 03
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loans 44,037 13
Interest due and accrued on bonds
and mortgages 1.218 47
Premiums In du» course of collec-
tion fftO.SSS 44
Rents due and accrued 13,422 47
Amount receivable under perpetual
policies 565 37
I Total assets LM . ¦ .V. . .. ¦ . . . . ¦ '. ...... flXMja *)
. . LT ABILITIES. "
Lo?ses adjusted and unpaid J32.2S9 21
I Losses In process of adjustment or*
I In suspense 433.179 13
i Losses resisted. Including expenses.. 52.338 43
Gross premiums on fire risks running
one year or less, S3, 777,233 83; rein-
surance SO per cent LS8S.843 91
Gross premiums on flre risks running
more than one year. S4.S35.101 S3;
reinsurance pro rata 2.SOS.5I5 23
Amount reclalmable by the Insured
on perpetual flre Insurance policies 128,533 47
Liability under life department 120.133 S3
Due and accrued for salaries, rent
etc 22.322 82
All other demands against th» com-
pany 173,085 4S
Total lUbll!tle« .t4.7S3.U2 45
IXCOXTB.
K«t cash actually recetred for flre
premiums $4.0CS,C29 01
Received for Interest on bonds and
mortgages 10.537 33
Received 'for Interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks. loans, and from
all other sources....- 154.731 71
Received for rents «... 14,007 85
Total tacome _ $4,227,305 93
romCNTMTTTRES. ~~ " ~~~
Net amount raid for flre losses (In-
cluding S4S3.K3 88, losses of pre-
vious years) $2. 94*. 232 21
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage SS4.444 SS
Paid for salaries, fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 345,523 "3
Paid for State, national and local
taxes 133.*33S1
All other payments and expendi-
tures .........•.....----••-—•-.......-. 2S9. Sfi3 IS
Total expenditures S4.3S3.417 15
Losses Incurred during the y*ar(!!re).$2.95S.5.i7 03
Risks a.nd Premiums. Flre Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks
written during the
year S690.J38.062 S5,83«,131 13
Net amount of risks
expired during th*
year 883,873.447 4.775.1SS 71
Net amount In force
December 31. 1S90 — 7J1.C10.731 7.103.303 8« "
E. F. BEDDALL, V. 3. Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 23d
day of January, 1900.
< /, EDMUND HARVKT, Notary Public
ROLL A V."WATT,MkiBger f
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT,
ROYAL INSURANCE BUILDING,
Corner fine and Sansime Sts.
BRANCH OFFICE • - v ; 310 PINE STREET.
GORDON & FRASER, Managers.
- .TONG F»O GH-V,
S Successor to Dr. LAI PO TAI,
graduate of Canton Medical
College. v after a very success-
ful practice of many years In
China, has located in San
Francisco. The surprising and
marvelous cures effected by
his herbs demonstrate their
potence and his skill. Tbese>
herbs cure over 400 different
diseases. Including Bright' ¦
Disease. Diabetes. Consump-
tion. Asthma. Paralysis. Brain.
Nerve. Cancers. Tumors. Blood. Male and fe-
male Maladies. All persons afflicted with any
kind of malady whatsoever are Invited to call.
Office, 727 Washington st. Office' hours—) a.
m. to 13 m. 1 to 9 p. m.: Sundays. 10 a. m. to
II m. Accept grateful thanks for effecting a
cure of asthma of several years' standing.
A. PARLEY, San Rafael.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNT ANU WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KING. WARD A
CO. European plan. Rooms. 50c to St SO day;
S3 to S3 week; SS to $29 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room; flre grates In every
room: elevator runs all night.
WROTH. ttOO-MTTw
WILLIAM WOUFF 4 CO.,
Paciflo Coaat Agents. 329 M»rkrt 8t, 8.T.
White Seal (Grande- Cuvee). of ex-
ceptional bouquet and dry dryness.
.. .. — Court Journal.
Tb» LoTKest and' Oldest Champagne House in
- . . the Wflrld.
Moer &
Condon
. HOUSE FURNISHINGS. ,- . :¦; ¦
I h ?ou£° tlda - I dM^^ BIG FURNITURE EXPOSITION BUILDING, | c e o d m e?n e d y sr e e th:r fuU |
BLOCK: SIXTEENTH STREET, FROM MISSION TO CAPP. S»»»»»»»MM»KH»caKK»
Prices That Cannot Be Duplicated Elsewhere.
¦ v ¦ ¦
iC^v^^ >48C% QI7 ELASTIC FELT MATTRESS _
"^^^^^^^^ jrhD 1 \li If wesaveY ° u x9>25
inftH'- 'M\*£<W)K)fW :j if±^&^S^L==c5«^^ advertised in maqa^ .¦ •„ m aftV 1 I hnnlsm
itr * J:'.. { . / j-^r-r^ T '-"^~ ¦5^-£&'~^ '[ ' PRICE JpHJ.UU Ligii—KJJIIMIIIIMihw "W^flT
r('i 'W^W'i'&y/^W' I v infc '^ilr^V^ Only thoughtless people will send money . fl; ffl * Hk
Sfv;! i-jfitav/. 1 Vl V IF,' j ' ,— — =J to magazine advertisers for articles of /71 ' ,-^-MB S£& Km ft
tt' H^t:'-^ '•- ' ¦ ' J' i '" f t=n=-^- — -¦*—¦"' ="":;- "p^~-l "£4 furniture or house furnishings before fret- u IL^Z^^ffiwjfEvGhl, tWgdfl ft
. ¦ jj> fer-^--^_ ---tjL'-'j CC^Siw^y^?^-* — *-*^^l linK p OS tod on values in th*»lr local city I /i^S^UWjlJjjWjCT lEg^A //
*?^«<g eZ-:" •-¦ rr •JO'q «fff """""" 1/ or town. One advertiser in a magazine )m \¥2r Mr* «!#?
s.ff'.nu^te,.. / ( ~=53»»^ \i Btates that a p.irlor table he adYe.r.tli»e<l £J v^Sy^ Hi Sf/t'
li "£>^ : z<ZZ%^t&*rS\ <k. J was worth $10.00; our price for the same » ' Xiy PS /2a
r-* -' \'jxl V^fe.-- m vl 1a& table was $3.75. Another magazine adver- J0i <Zrk&F Vd y^Kf
». J ~" n U tlppr statrs that the parlor chair adver- rj£u& m&*^ fj&XBV
3 W * TUT * CCTirU r\Dl7COCDC Used for $^S.23 was worth In a regular fur- '.Mmt* 1 *^
;; «-*-9 lllAu^l Y £i l/rtJuOOJuilO niture store $25.OO-$7.5O is a good price for t , , M . ,
** t *i*aawi^a ,*-*+** *+ it. Do not bo deceived by misleading: ad- Larga. comfortable rocker, made in oak
a* £5 handsome CARVED DRESSING vertisements. We guarantee the ahove or mahogany finish; has cobbler seat On
JB CAPES, with bevel French plate mir- Mattress to be as good as, if not better ED ecial sale this week at Pattoslen's big
rorp— an exquisite piece for the bedroom, than, the one advertised in magazines for « tll vM.i lm( , n t One of a hundred all
Remember, in solid polished oak-not $15.00-end at the same time we save you ¦ c !}*°i l8 2^?f»!: ,"!!" and sea thkrn^
/**¥ ACCT ash or one of the other inferior woods $5.00. Compare-take no chances. Priced equallj low-come and see them.
M »*e k *Zit^ , carter .awed and / * UU MattreSS6S, COHlfOliS ™^ WEEK
¦ :c ; .:-. pn] =hed— finished pnld"n— one of . * — ftSSH"
the bargains on F3le this weok at Pat- nnt\ U|l|nU/0 ''¦ t t& 0\.
toslett's-lt is 6 feet high and 2 feet 3 v^TTSfc C\ OlIU lHIUsiOi t^ t \
inches wide— has a. beautiful French 5«U- -s^^ II 1<C 5 *^^ ¦ IflJ
hevpl mirn r 5 inches high and :"> Inches cj<^7 I J^tf^ °" r special 40-pound gray hair Mattress. » Hi B|
wide. Sale price Sl'J.oO 1 jj M i covered with best ticking $12.00 £ ViT \J \J
The came Closet without mirror 810.50 • Lft^ Elastic Felt Mattress-You can save $5.00 , j |
' :^s^ >it*V^^ /"v by getting this comfortable and durable t o i* j
' lUr-^fe^fe^fc^kl =s __Jy > mattress from up; our price. ...#1O.OO 51 OOllU
« , ijSy — v^ Springs — Box Springs, our own manufac- S /^«1»
S1>G\ fS\ TOfei IS^S^ li**^^ I lure, guaranteed in even' way 81. r 5.o0 jfi _ ¦,_ UaK
.""f? "yr^z%T^SZ^,i:' > '^3C.*:\ ki^iuZ ~^^^ Pillows— Six pounds of live-goose feathers %sS^^-i~^ s^?^ 13.U0UF—
V -i /Jo^&JV' '¦Wry Ju ill n^ 4~r I I • II rtl Comforts— Our line of these goods is com- 12 inch tnn ir incVi^ CtLCD
fe !&$*%£%, ! Ss& W ' \ -m plete - See what our 81 * 75 comfort ls - hl^ h Knn ftf f , m
;y3 .fi&Bj&jgpg! j f^Y g>^^vJi| , >_ » , r Mi All Mattresses sold by us are mads Mahogany. oOO Of them.
if/ Y±-r& '! y^i- &? ~ *^ a * our own ac^ or 7» an d every Mat-
J&bJIkssIUsJ resh ' More Couch Bargains.
*"~ ' ' Enameled Iron Beds — Extra heavy fllllng, flMw )SV^
FA!CCT WALT. HAN'GlN'fJ CHINA brass spindles, top rods and mount^.^... Our Special Couch, upholstered to ordfir !
CASE solid oak. golden finish, full :"'U Z"" «m 1 \Psef&*M'* : t ' I**^ ~ H TS T 'Jr"J r rv in heavy tapestry or corduroy; neat
¦ ¦¦ fi - round p.. -•* corners, fluted Enameled Iron Beds?— Extra heavy u .ing. nJ«l^ r T' T >^ I '<<( 7 T ta frame work; latest design. Special for
• .¦ 2s?/7?bs5 : di5 ss.oo ::?:.:::-/:::?::.::?:.:::!:.:^.r^:oo M^m^k^^^^ thl9 pal ° 815 -~
Davenport Fnfa I><1, with two loose pll-
. - ' ' •v^w*** lows, upholstered in 'French tapestry;
• . . «e^ ... _ _ _ n —^ 1 £-m -m back adjustable to any angle; large
Lf4tjL uUilifiBii UrlilOrliSiOi »-««» c OUC h. |^ M «I^'1^..
leather. Special for this sale. .$;?;>. OO cover separate; best steel supported
«-»-- g^ a '--'4. CT^l- V%**y^vA - • Couch with neat frame work, upholstered springs, complete for $0.75
The Greatest Sale on Record. .
,_. *. t, . * 1 f , . im „» im ..._ Two-Pillow Couch, with very neat frame French tapestry or corduroy, tufted
«sl Qfl a P^f-Genuine Well Point g2.90 \T^J, \r\X Point rTirf-finl work; upholstered In the very best tap- eeat. golden oak or mahoganized ,bircb.
7j^V-SfiS!S5Sw«S vi«2 -T2 aTn-Vren( SSffS^S^SS. ggj large "-ortment of colors. Sa?J . Special price
iSoo/UM and V& new dainty pat- very J>»»^g . «"d w^rth regularly Couch in'Voi^^^VvVd'mahog'anV: very Couch-flat top or raised head, 86 Inches
terns, fine n-t and fast edges-some are J4.>> $4.<o. J^.OO and Jo.^Q a pau^saio wido and luxurious; upholstered in verv wide and very comfortable; the very
slightly soiled— sale price .S1.1»O price »-..JO best hand buJTed i ra f hf , r . sprlnKI , and best of upholstering; large variety of
co l\f\ a pair-GO palrs-S .'afferent Q« QA a pair-70 pairs. 10 different filling flrat class. Sale price.... S.'O.OO colors. Sale price ........SIS OO
S3.uU deylFr.s in ecru anc white- O^r«^U d r R igns. Irish Point Curtains ,^,^.«_ , '""
rew daintv patterns, in roc to and -elaborate patterns in Brussels, Duch- |\/| A FlH TTT3 f^ATDTDH^^^ DTTrT
"rtVd 'flVct-fine net and fas. *dges- *-5S Point and Renaissance efTects-in- |V| A\ | JPi-l J IT LiAKrK I KT I J I T^
would [ f Al elsewhere up to f. t'-sale comparable bargains— worth up to $10 00 X¥XXXA-^X-< \-J X V-«i 11\1 J— 4 J. lxUvJO*
n J[fi» ,?.1)O a pair— sale price S4.UO _ _ " _,, •£.
pnce p From Remnants and Odd Pieces of Size 11x12-6, Lowell B. B .. go-; OO
— T- , fTTff. Carpets and Borders— some c£ the |{^ ¥%£& Axminster •••|/g.Q<>
Cozv Corners t Draperies and Upholsteries, best carped made. Beiow we q uot« wS v e vvet::::::::sf ?>:m
T sr r- gome Qf the p r i ces: Size 10-6x10-6. Bigelow B. B 82ll00
Charming variety of imported and domestic Bagdads. embroideries, Jewel gi ze 9 X 12, Wilton Velvet ¦ 817 50 A few Car P et * made up without borders
latr.t)s and armor novelties for coxy corner decorations and the like. Remarkably si ze 8-3x10-6, Knglish nrusseis!!»14loO from tne finest Royal "Wiltons at one-
low price* Expert drapers. Prompt service D«sigxs and estimates furnished. Size 6x9, English Brussels $S.5O third the regular j-rlces. Bring tho size
Reupholstering furniture, couches, etc., also a specialty. . Size 10-6x15, Axminster 8JJ7.0O of your room.
r~"~^"^ SAVE nyCO2STEl"y -A.T PATTOSIEnSi
rH,omc]
industry
Standard
shirts
Standard Shirts arc
made in San Francisco
— made by white labor I
in well ordered factories. I
Our special dollar line, fi
— made of Wamsutta I
Muslin, the best Muslin j
in America — made with 1
Linen Bosom stamped I
on every shirt. g
They are worth a*
dollar — they sell at
I$1.OO
every size in every style
Winter Undergarments
Good, warm, fleeced
Underwear — Durable,
comfortable, form-fitting
50 cts.
garment
Ribbed Underwear
Heavy ribbed for cold
weather wear — blue or
brown — non-shrinkable
45 cts -
garment.
All Wool Underwear
Every thread wool — na-
tural grey or camel's hair
— high grade garments .
in every particular
" $I.OO I
\ garment 8
Other lines up to $3.00
a garment
No use to pay more
than Red Front
' fNoVH 2JC©t!fl o^GOl Jp|§i|j
IS / • r *n — JJl
|[ STARE THE DOCTOR IN THE FACE,
1 Built from an ABSOLUTELY WATERPROOF LEATHER
Into PBRFBCT WINTER FOOTWBAR. PREVENT COLDS
I % AND COUGHS. Made by Buckingham & Ilccht, with
CORK SOLES, at $5.OO the pair for men, and they
contain NO INJURIOUS LININGS («uch as oiled «Uk o*
rubber).
• ou> VCs* &t*^ £«
ONLY AT IT m. £3L^3 5* I^J SoaFnndn*
M«H Order* Filled -Addre«« Department O.
L- — — — MMunj,,u-U *J
AT> V KHTT SEMENTS.PRECIPITATION IS GENERAL.
Many Portions of the State Visited
by Welcome Showers.
SACRAMENTO. Nov. 17.-There was
another heavy rain storm throughout the
valley and in the foothills during the
twenty-four hours which ended at 7
o'clock this morning. Delta, on the Ore
gon railroad, had a remarkable precipi
tation, the fall amounting to 6.28 lnche-,
making a total for the season of 24.34
Inches. Dunsmulr, a short distance from
Delta, had two Inches of rain. The rain
fall at this place for the present storm
amounts to 1.25 inches. 3.17 for the season,
against 6.30 inches for last season at an
equal date. There was a heavy fall of
snow in the mountains on the line of the
Central Pacific. The snow is one foot on
a level at Summit station.
SAN JOSE. Nov. 17.— Rain fell at fre
quent Intervals during the night, the total
downfall being .42 of an Inch up to 8
o'clock this morning. Total for the storm
2.52 inches, and for the season 3.40 inches.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 17.— The rain
ceased at noon to-day, after a practically
continuous downpour since 9 o'clock last
night.. The total precipitation for the
storm is 1.76 and for the season 1.95; rain
fall last season to same date was 1.96.
SAN DIEGO. Nov. 17.— The rainfall for
the twenty-four hours ending at 6 p. m.
was .39 of an Inch in this city. In the
country it was heavier, from one to one
and a half inches falling.
PRESCOTT, Ariz., Nov. 17.— Rain com
menced falling In Northern Arizona about
10 o'clock last night and continued
throughout the night and all to-day. The
precipitation was gentle but steady, .GO
of an inch falling. Everybody is happy,
as it is hoped the long drouth is finally
broken.
SAN BERNARDINO, Nov. 17.— There
was a heavy downpour of rain throughout
San Bernardino County last night and to
day, in all amounting to 1.73 inches, and
It is still raining. The orange crop will
be greatly benefited by It.
PHOENIX, Ariz., Nov. 17.— Reports to
night from various parts of the Territory
state that a very heavy and steady rain
is falling. Only infrequent showers have
relieved the drouth of the past ten months
and stockmen and ranchers' estimate the
present rain at millions of dollars In value.
It saves the winter grain and alfalfa
crops ami is of incalculable benefit to the
lumber regions In the north.
POMONA. Nov. 17.— All the agricultur
ists In the Pomona Valley are happy. The
long and severe drouth seems to have,
been broken. The heaviest rain lp.four
years here has fallen In the past twenty
four hours and It bids fair to rain mow
to-morrow.
MILTON. Nov. 17.— Two and 37.100 inchej
of rain had fallen for the storm at 7 a.
m. This is sufficient for all present pur
poses and the weather remains warir,
which Is conducive to the rapid growth
of grass and grain. The indications all
point to a continuation of the storm,
which will be welcomed by the mining
sections, where a heavy -fall is necessary
to furnish sufficient water to start work.
GILROY, Nov. 17.— The rainfall the past
two days amounts to 4.10 inches, or a total
of 5.72 for the season. Farmers are re
joicing over the prospects of a wot sea
eon. Indications point to a. continued
downpour.
ANAHEIM. Nov. 17.— A cloudburst near
Fullerton during the rain of the past
twenty-four hours precipitated* an im
mense amount of water --which-* rushed
down the canyons and gullies. The Santa
Fe track to the oil wells was washed out
for a distance of 200 feet. , Damage was
also done to the wagon road. The rural
delivery mail carrier was unable to reach
his patrons with his wagon. The full ex
tent of. the damage Is not yet known.
• NAPA, Nov. 17.— One and two one-hun
dred ths inches of rain fell last night., The
KINGS CITY. Nov. 17.— The - rainfall
yesterday and last night was pretty, gen
eral throughout . the entire country, » this
section getting. the largest precipitation.
From reports received here up to 7 o'clock
to-day Salinas received 1.17 Inches; Chular
1.S2; Gonzales. 1.58; Soledad, 1.95;* Kings
City. 3.64 ; San Lucas, 2.98: San Ardo, 1.3V;
Bradley, 1.15;' San Miguel, 1.56; Paso
Robles, L70; Templeton, 1.9Q; Santa Mar
garita, 2.40; Jolon, 4.80. ,
PENNGROVK, Nov. 17.— It has been
raining in this locality almost steadily
since an early hour yesterdny morning, a
strong wind blowing freshly from the
rainy quarter. The rainfall for the storm
is about one and three-quarters inches.
Many farmers are already through with
the seeding of their lands, and this rain
will be of vast benent to them, while on
the other hand it has done no damage.
Grass is "* well advanced.
MERCED. Nov. 17.— The rainfall for the
present storm amounts to over two inches,
affording an atundance of moisture for
plowing and insuring plenty of feed. for
stock. t n
TUBA CITT, Nov. 17.— The precipitation
for the Btorm is two Inches, making for
the season 4.34 inches. The rain did a
great amount of pood in this section. The
weather is clearing. .»' ?
MODESTA, Nov. 17.— The rainfall for
the past two days has averaged from two
Inches to three and one-quarter inches in
different portions of Stanislaus County.
total for the p«»oson Is 4.75 Inches. Same
date last year 5.37 inches.
NO CI^EW AS TO THE
ASSASSIN OF MCDONALD
Thief Who Murdered the Millwood
Bartender Has Evidently Made
Good His Escape.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FRESNO, Nov. 17.— Deputy Coroner J.
"Wilbur Cate returned to-night from Mill
wood, bringing with him the body of Alex
ander McDonald, who was murdered in
cold blood as he slept in a room adjoining
Berry & Kehee's barroom, where he was
employed as bartender, last Wednesday
"Mr. Cate gives the first full account of
the murder that has been received in this
city. McDonald was last seen alive last
"Wednesday night at about 9 o'clock. At
that time he was preparing to close up
the saloon. It is believed that he went f>
bed shortly after. .The saloon was opened
next morning by the porter, who did not
attempt to awaken the bartender. He
The tests were conducted for experi
mental purposes only and to show that
electric transmission of power can be
made commercially practicable at much
greater distances than have heretofore
been contemplated.
SEATTLE, Nov. 17.— The Snoqualmie
Falls Power Company of this city has
performed a novel feat In the drlvlnj? of
an electric motor 153 miles distant from
the generator. All the lines of the com
pany were connected up to one continuous
circuit, commencing at Snoqualmie Falls,
running to Seattle, back to the Falls,
thence to Tacoma and back again to the
Falls. -The regular transmission is 153
miles to Seattle and forty-fo"r miles lo
Tacoma.
Snoqualmie Falls Power Com
pany of Seattle.
Highly Gratifying Test Made by the
ELECTRIC MOTOR DRIVEN
MILES FROM GENERATOR
Xo cle-w hap yet been obtained as to
the Identity of the murderer, but It 13
clear that the motive was robbery. A
large amount of cash was always kept
on hand. The nipht the crime was com
mitted there waa over $100 in the till and
$700 Jn a trunk. The murderer aecureil
the $100, bi;t did not discover the larger
amount.
Deputy Sheriff White is still investigat
ing.
explains that It was none of his business.
At about 9 o'clock the bookkeeper arrived
and wishing to speak to McDonald, he
entered the room, and seeing the blood
stained bed reached the conclusion that
it was a ease of hemorrhage. He at
once summoned a doctor and the story of
thf terrible crime became known.
The large number of mills located at
that place were closed down and tho
hands startPd out on a search for th»
murderer. Every trail waa guarded and
the men vowed that the guilty one If
captured would be lynched.
McDonald wns very popular with tha
logger?! and mlllhands and many of them.
ns they looked upon his remains, cried
like children.
denied that Mrs. UinforJ and her mother
had come to Los Angeles on the same
train with him.
The professor said he would go back to
Phoenix to attend his trial. He was con
fident he would be acquitted, and when
that was over he would return to Los An
geles and take up his business again, as
he expected to make this city his perma
nent home. All he wanted was to be let
alone, as he was not seeking notoriety, of
which he had already received more than
he wanted, but wished to go ahead and
try to live down the affair, if possible.
Mrs. McComas arrived from Arizona
this morning and went at once to her res
idence on Temple court. She was not ac
companied by her daughter, who, she
stated, would for the present remain with
friends In the Territory. Mrs. McComas
has been with her daughter constantly
nljrht and day ever since she vras first
arrested in Arizona. She Bays that she
is confident that her daughter was under
the hypnotic influence of Professor Har
ris and that she was not responsible for
her act. In her opinion It is a most seri
ous case, as her daughter's mind wa# al
most wrecked. As it is. her condition is
yet precarious, and it will take weeks of
rest and quiet under new surroundings to
thoroughly restore her to her normal con
dition.
Mrs. McComas and her husband. Judge
C. C. McComas. will return to Arizona
when the case comes to trial. They are
determined to leave nothing undone to
punish Professor Harris for the Injury he
has done their daughter.
ORDER FOR DISTRIBUTION
OF THE DOWNEY ESTATE
Heirs to Receive Portions of Estate
Valued at Two Million
Dollars.
LOS ANGELES. Nov. 17.-Judge Shaw
has handed down a decree ordering the
52,000.000 estate of the late Governor John
G. Downey distributed to the various
heirs. »
The estate has been in course of pro
bate since 1894. A will was discovered and
filed for probate in July of 1S95. The heirs
named in the will were Winifred Martin.
Eleanor Martin. Annie Donahue and J.
Downey Harvey. Each of the heirs waa
left one-fourth of the estate, with the ex
ception of Eleanor Martin. The remain-
Ing fourth of the estate was left to Elea
nor. Peter D.. Walter S. and Genevleve
Martin.
Since the probate proceedings were
commenced Winifred Martin and Annie
Donahue have died. Their share of the
e^i ate w111 t* 3 distributed to their heirs.
The account of J. Downey Harvey shows
all of the legacies to have been paid.
SOLDIERS TO ROUND
UP BENEOADE APACHES
Mexican Government Dispatches
Troops to the Scene of the
Recent Outbreak.
EL, PASO. Tex.. Nov. 17.— One company
of soldiers from the post at Juarez way
to-day sent to the scene of the Apache
outbreak in the Sierra Madre Mountains
at Pacheco. Mexico. The Mexican Gov
ernment evidently considers the situation
serious, for troops have been sent from
several interior points and It Is believed
that the small band of renejrades can be
hemmed up In the mountains and ex
terminated before they can make thfclr
way back to the Arizona reservation.
A party of Mormons is already in pur
suit. A dispatch from Arizona confirms
the report that the Indians escaped from
the reservation at San Carlos. It says
that only nine soldiers were left to guard
3000 Indians and that the redskins were
restless for weeks.
The professor modestly admitted that he
understood all about hypnotism, but de
clared absolutely that no hypnotic influ
ence had been exerted in her case. He also
The professor was seen at his residence
on South Olive street to-day. As to his
escapade the professor declared he had
nothinp to say. beyond the fact that he
had stepped aside from the straight path
In a moment of Infatuation, from which
he had recovered, and he intended to bo
Ftralgrht ahead, attend to his own busi
ness ar.d try to redeem himself. He de
rieVi emphatically the statements attrlb
\:ied to him in Arizona -and declared he
had at no time said anything for publica
tion He had nothing to say a? to Mrs.
Binford. beyond the fact that there was
r.o hypnotism about her case.
LOS ANGELES. Nov. 17.— Professor
Harris. The magnetic healer, who eloped
from this city with Mrs. Claire Binford.
cne of hi? patients, a couple of weeks ago.
has returned to the city from Arizona,
where he and Mrs. Binford were arrested
end held for trial for violating the Ed
munds law.
Special Eispatch. to The Call.
HARRIS SAYS HE DID NOT
HYPNOTIZE MRS. BINFORD
. •
Magnetic Healer Per.ies Statements At
tributed to Him.
There is Joy In the hearts of the farmer
and the fruit-gTOwer. Their worried looks
have given way to beaming- countenances.
Their better halves and children are now
looking forward to a happy Thanksgiving
day feast and a Joyful Christmas. This
feeling is due to the heavy ralnfaH^cx
perienced throughout the State during the
!ast forty-eight hours and which is ex
pected to continue for a longer period.
The crops have been greatly benefited by
the rainfall. It means a golden shower to
the farmers and is welcomed with as
great a joy as the re-election of McKin
ley.
In discussing the storm last evening:.
Forecaster McAdie, Chief of the United
States Weather Bureau on this coast,
made the following interesting state
ment:
"The storm has been quite extensive
and is the largest I have seen on this
coast during the last lour or five years.
It would have gone east and we might
have had but a day or so of rain, had it
not been for an area of hlgrh pressure,
due to a 'polar surg," which overlies Mon
tana, Alberta and Saskatchewan. This?
high pressure blocked the eastern courso
of the 'low,' and so :L has been forced
southward and to-night covers the entire
coast. It Is raining from the Mexican to
the Canadian boundaries.
"We do not often have that condition.
To-night's reports show that It is rain
ing all through Arizona. Los Angeles has
received a, generous rainfall. The Infor
mation we have received shows that 1.06
Inches of rain has fallen, which la a glori
ous happening because the moisture was
very greatly needed in Southern Califor
nia.
"I have no doubt that this storm Is one
of the greatest benefits In a way that has
befallen this State for some time. The
orange crop particularly needed the rain,
as it was coloring 1 very rapidly, and the
growers were afraid that there might be
some injurious results from the Ions., dry
season.
"In the northern valleys. San Joaquin
and Salinas particularly, the rainfall has
been exceedingly heavy. It gives the
farmers a supply of water that will carry
them for Quite a while, and what Is cf
more consequence, it restores the confi
dence of the farmer in the rain conditions
of this State.
"The storm Is still with us. and I will
not cult on the rain forecast until the
'high' gets out of the road. I would ad
vise that the residents of this city arm
themselves with umbrellas when they go
out-doors to-day. There will be intervals?
of clear weather, as was seen yesterday.
"The heaviest rainfall this city experi
enced was between 0:10 and 6:45 o'clock
Friday night. Our automatic record
shows a rainfall of .15 of an inch durine
that time, which Is a phenomenal record
for this city. It was the heaviest rainfall
recorded by our automatic Instruments In
the last nine years, as shown by the auto
matic tipped bucket rain pauge."
According to the Southern Pacific's
weather report received at 7 a. ro. yester
day, the rainfall has been quite general
the last two days all over thl.<« section of
the country. On every division of the
big road cloudy weather was reported.
The season's rainfall in this city up to
yesterday was 3.81. On the same date last
year It was 5.75. Below Is Riven the tem
perature and twenty-four hours' rainfall
in some of the principal cities:
n.iinfall
for 24 hours
Th#r. 7 a. m. ending
Plan*— Nov. 17. 7 a. m.
San Frand!>co E9 .79
Oakland M 1.14
Santa Rosa 64 .SO
Nai>a 62 1.03
Ofrden 45 Ralntn?
Frwno 50 1.S7
Los Angelrs SS ' .65
"Weather Forecaster McAdie Tells
Some Interesting Things About
the Storm and What
Caused It.
Heavy Downpour Cause for
Rejoicing Throughout
the State. •
RAINSTORM
MOST WELCOME
TO FARMERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 1900.
HATTIE DELARO RETURNS
TO CHARM OLD FRIENDS
Appears at the Alhambra To-Day as Leading
Lady in Hoyt's "A Stranger in New York."
FORMER SOCIETY FAVORITE OF SAN FRANCISCO. WHO POSSESSES
RARE TALENTS AS A SINGER AND ACTRESS AND "WHO HAS WON
HONORS ON THE EASTERN STAGE.
THE advent of Hoyt'o "A Stranger
in New York" at th^ Alhambra
this week marks the return of an
other San Francisco favorite who
has been winning honors on the
Eastern 6tage. In the profession she Is
known as Hattie Delaro. but in this city
it is as Mrs. Hattie Delaro Barnes that
she Is best remembered.
Xot many years ago Mrs. Barnes was
very prominent in society circles here, but
possessing rare talents as a singer and an
actress, she abandoned social functions
for the allurements of stageland. Going
on the Tivoli stage, she soon became a
great favorite with the patrons of that
theater. . Her work waa so thorough,
clever and artistic that it waa not long
before she came under the notice of
prominent Eastern managers, Charles H.
Hoyt flnallv capturinp: the prize.
Since that time Miss Delaro has been
almost continually in the Hoyt produc
tions, returning here this time as leading
lady of Hoyt's "A Stranger in New
York." a part In which she has scored her
preatest success. She has Improved won
derfully since her last appearance here
and is now looked upon as one of the
cleverest actresses on the farce-comedy
stape. Her friends here are planning; a
rouslns reception when the plays opens
at the Alhambra to-day.
20
Weak Men and Women
SKOCLD USE DA MIAN A BITTERS. THE
great Mexican remedy: gives health and
mecftb to sexual organs. Depot. 323 Market
**^*?539fc*5«M m BJ C olli non-rolBonon«
I '* <<T|flffiJ*^^stfciiini remedj for Gonorrhtra,
<^l p< 't. Spermatoi rha a,
mfWtn I »5«ijiXfl Whitu, on natural dij-
nnSS OttnriKl \a charge*, or any infiaenma.
ffimjf not u> tvUimf. tion. irritation or ulrera-
p>i ¦yfrc»«iu ecoi»c>»o- tion cf mucom mm-
KT4TKtE«NSCHEWiC«lC0. brsne«. Non-artriufrent.
V^c:KCiKMTi.o.gEH Sold »**as*«+
«b(A. n B a >S£r or 6 ' nt ln P laln w rapper,
XMB> • i, y cijrrM, prepaid, for
*J.\WHt~im il ttW^\ ' Ti ? l0n - " r 3 »»ottle«. 12.73.
?^•SSjcBfc^v'*'* "* '-"-- r reDt co request.
DR. HALL'S BEINYlGORATOBKngj
Five hundred reward for uny Lli" > MM
rare we cannot cure. This secret HHsl svaxj
remedy ctopc all losses ln 24 hours. I R
cures Emissions. Impcl^r.cy. Verl- HB| HSj
cc<ele, Goncrrhora, Glfet. Fits nJW Whi
Etrlrtures. Lost Manhood and all LuJ LTJ
». acting effects of relf-abu».» or fR fej
fxcfffft. Sent f»aled. JI bottle; 3 USSbBZifCQ
trttles. fS; guaranteed to cure any case. Ad-
trrru HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. g»
J "roadway. Oakland, Cal. Also for sale at lOTZVi
Market st., S. F. All private diseases quickly
cured. Send for free book.
?Ei1NYR0YAL PILLS
rs _/V*~v OrijTinal and Only 6eaala>e» !
AlrsTf re:i»b)«. l.a.ll». »«k Urcrrln
>-.f\ &5«l h» CHNJHKSTEllVS ICXGLISII
ltrn « t < Gold ii.eu.yie hi»« «..>«
Sp«7? I? 1 * •'¦• rtM »»- Toke no otker. ReTaso
'Tr*. *^» "ij l>M-*cvrmm» S«b«tltsitta«s «»<! Iralta-
I / ~ (K timm*. Ebj »f y*mr Kroririn. er •**« A*, is
I <s» ' JT tt»»rs for Partlenlarm. Teatl mentals
It" & •«.4"Rcllrrf,rl.aUI«*,-«»i,rr,r.byrfy
* if turn Mat 1. 1 U.0<MI ToriaociaU. S«M b»
> — "T an Drawl.... CblrhMter * hrmlrol CmL
•.•raCoB tti. t iw. Uiilm r<i..K, 1'Uli.A. V~-.
BAILBOAD TRAVEL.
m«»uxi!krm I'ttiFtc ronram.
(PACirin STKTKM.)
Trains le>i*v« ami iirr <lue> I* nrrlf « Ml
MAN FUA?n:ni««l.
(Uain Line. Foot of Market Street)
w»ti — Fboii November T. 1900. — akkiti
•7:00a BenlcU, Hulsnn, Elmlra, Yscat tile,
RiUDsej and Sscrsmento *7i-I3p
•7i«0 a ShasU Ezprrss— DaTis, Williams (for
liartlett Sprfnn). WUlows. Ked
Blufl, Fortiiiitt -Z»*3r
•7 i»O» Martinez, »anU»inon.VaUe]o. Naps,
O»lUt»(a an<l H»ut» Kota, ¦¦<lSp
•iiOO a DftTift, Woodland. Knights Lindinj.
MarjRTiUe.oroTllle •7il.Tr
•Mi««i Atlantte Ki press— Olden aad East •t:4Sp
•••••a NDes. IJ'eruiora, Tracy, Lsthrop.
Stockton *ms r
•Via** S»n Joes, LlTermore. Stockton,
lone, yacramrnto, Fltcrtlile,
MarTiTllie, Chico. lte<l RlnlT Mililr
•«i10a Oakdale, Chinese. .Sonera, Carters... *4il3p
•O:»»* Hatwudi, Nile* and Way SUtioni. •! 1:15*
•HiYOa Lr« Anceles Exprett — M»rUnn,
Trier. iAtbrou Htocstoo, M.c'Qrd
Fresno »nd Los ADpjles *7:lSr
•fli30» Vallrjo. M»rttnes au<t Way Stations *Si43r
•10:00* The UverlaiKl Liinlted-Ogden. Dto.
Ter. Omaha. <Jhlca«a '•>4Sr
•lliOO* Nilrs. Stockton, Hacramento. Men-
dot*, Freaai\ Uanford. Vtsaila,
PorterTllle MilSr
•11:00a LiTermore, 8asger, Qothen Jone-
tlon, Bakersfleld. Los Angeles
flxOOp Saorfciuento idter Ste*mers f3iO0*
•3iOAp Haywwds, Mllre and Way SUtions. •Bl4Sr
¦4t»Up Martlnrx. H»n lUmon. Vallejo,
Nap*. Call.tou*. ftanta Itosa 'Ililo*
•4i00r Brntela, Winters, Saeramento,
Woodland, Knlghti Laudlnj,
MarrsTllle. OroTllle •10:1,1*
•4inop Hsywards. Mien and Ban .Inee fS>«»A
*3>OOp KUes. LlTermore and Stockton *1O:43.\
fOtOOr Sunset Limlred, £1 Paoev New
Orleans and East. «1S)i1Oa
! *SiOOrThe Owl IJmlted— Traeir, riesno.
Bakerefleld. Haiifiis for Saiita Bar-
bara, Los Anceles. *1*iIS*
•5t«or New Orleanc Express— llakersfteld.
Hajita J]>rbara.Lus Anieles. Dem-
Inf, El Paao, New Orleans anil
Bait *7>43.
••iOOp BsTwards, Kites and oan Jose •7i49«
(«i«tr Vaflejn »llr434
•Oi«Or Oriental Mall— Of Jen. Ofaeyenoe.
Omaha, Chleogo..... *s)i43p
••<««p OrSental Mali— Osden, DenTer,
Omaha, Cht:*Ko. MilSp
*?i#«p Oreeoii and CalKoruta Kxpri>M. N»«.
rameiitn, MarysTille. ICeiliilnf,
rortUiiil. Tiiget Hound ami Kaik *":I.1a
•fliORp Ban Publa Port Costa, Marlines
and War Stations *11>4Sa
1% »O5p Tallejo «11»43a
COAST DlflXltti (Xarrorf (J«.igp).
(Foot ot Market Street.)
•StiaANewark.U«titi>rfllle.Hau.loee.Felton,
."*.-• . Boulder Creek.Santa Orm and Way
SUtlon* ••>S»r
t*<19p Newark, CenterTille, Ban Jose, New
AlmsdeD, Foltou, Itoalder Creek,. '.
SanU Crux aad l'rlnclp»l Wsr
Stations flOfin*
¦4i I np Newark. San Joee. Los Gatoa *8i^»a
«lls4Sp Bun ten' Exoonton. San Jose and
¦ Way SUtions |7t«Op
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
tnmtlt riilOISCO— rut if Niritt Slrul (Slis t>— '
3£ tSiSS %%X: U:0 ° * 8:M " :M
frtmOHUIIB— Fatl srBrsi4w*T. — "(!:00 8:00 10 -00 A M
t!2:03 '1:03 12:00 »3:C3 H:CJ •i:Mr'.*.
COAST IMTISIO.N (llroait(UHire).
CrhirJKiidToxTnsemlSU.)
te>IO* Ocean View, Booth Han Francisco.. <StBwp
•7:O«* San Jose anil Way Stations (New
Aliuaileii WediiMdajioiily) •tiZOr
•0itO« H*u Jose. Tres IMiios. HaiiU Orm.
l'aolllc dinre. Fasa Uohles. Ota
l.nls Olikno, 8Hrf. Lompoe and
Prtiurfpal Way Stations *4iln r
•lnt«o* San J..«o and Way Mtatlons. •0ja5»
•I IiSOa Sail Jose and Way .Stations *9i3OP
t«i45p San Mateo, Uedwoo>l, Menlo Park
Palo Alto. SanU Clara, Han .lose,
Tres Plnos. Santa Cms, Salluas.
Monterey and 1'aeiUo OroTe tlOiSS*
?Jti»«r San Jose and Way Stations *7:3Op
K I ?i r 1*" J . otoai " 1 Principal Way Stations •»:43a
t»:OOr 3»n Jose, Los Gatos and Prlueipal
WayrtUtlons.,... 10,00.
«'2JJ P gMJoseamlPrlnetpalWay SUUons 'Sta-iA
-.r? : 2S r S*" J ,°" e " a . w »»8tatlous f«:oo* :
¦ll;4Sr 3an .lose and Way 8 tat I mis «?:SOp |
.TJb t0I>i0l ? >lt "\. ¦ f for Afternoon.
Jl H " lld »» exempted. : fluudai only.
fMondajs, Wednesdays, Pridayi. «^»-i».
« Tuesdays, Thursdays, Sundays,
• Battudayjonl^
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
Lve. San Francisco. 1:00 a m 4:10 p n 8:00 p ra
Arr. Stockton 12:30 p m 7:15 p m 11:05 p ra
" Merced ........ 2:42 p m . l:is a ra
" Fresno 4:20 pm l:0S a ra
** Vlnalla 1:00 p m 4:S0 a m
•* Tulare <:*2 p ra 1:10 am
••Hanford 8:33 pm * 7:M a m
** Bakersfleld ... I:M p m 7;3O a m
•• Denver 10:00 a ra .
•* Kansas City... 6:15 p a
»* Chicago 7:40 am
t a. m. train Is the Overland Express. Corre-
fpondlng train arrives at C p. m. dally. *
4:10 p. m. la Stockton Local. Corresponding
train arrives 11:05 a. ra. dally.
1:00 p. ro. Is Fresno and Bakersfleld Express^
With Sleeping Cars for both cities. Correspcnd-
fc»f train arrives at S a.' ra. dally.
OFFICE8— «41 Market st. and In Perry Dvpofc
«sn IPrsnelico: Hl| Bm«dwT- OnVl.ni
BAILBOAD TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
T.«HTSpigm Ml
SAN FRANCiSGO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY CCMIPA.NY.
TIBUHON KB31RT— FOOT O7> UARZET «T.
San FraacUco to 6 an Rafael.
WEEK DATS— 7: JO, t:00. 11:00 a, o.[ 13.S3, l:»
1:10. 6: JO p. m. Thursdays— Eirtra trip at U:*»
p. m. Batardajra — Extra, trip* at 1:W and
11:30 p. m.
BUN DATS— Srf». 9:30. 11:00 a. taut isSO. !:». »*•.
!:£> p. m.
Sun Rafael to San FrancUco.
WEEK DATS-«:10. 7:53. 1:10. U:10 a. ra.: 12:0.
3:40. 6:10 p. m. Saturday*— Extra trips at 1:U
and 1:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:l0, 9:40. 11:19 a. m.: 1:40. S:4ft. I:t6,
<:23 p. m.
Between Eon Francisco and Scfauetsen Pax*.
lamt tcbedul* as abova.
Lear* 1 In E~ect I Arrlra
Ean Fracolsco. f Nov. 7. 1900. j San FTaaclaeak
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Day*. I days. [ Destination. | <!ays. | Dayi.
5~:S0am S:W tm! Novato! 10:40 am t:40 am
:S0 pm 9:30 am! Petaluma. (:0S pm 10:2S ant
8:10 pm 5:00 pm| Santa Roea. T:3S pm 1:13 pn»
Fulton.
1:33 am Windsor. 10:B im
Healdsburr.
Lytton.
GwyBenrllJo.
|30pm 144 am Clovesdai«. f T:SS pas 8:23 psa
T JO ami j HcpVand j j
I I:C0 ars| and L'klah. [ T:35 pmf 8:13 pat
1:20 ami 10:23 asi
[ (:00 am Ou*iu»t1I1«. ?:SS pm
1:80 pm] | S:23 pea
T:Soam 1:00 ami Sonoma »:15 am 1:0 am
j and
1:10 pm 8:00 pm] Glen £21«n. <:06 pm »:t3 pn
T:S0amJ S:00am| 110:40 am!19:2S tq
f:tO pmi 5:00 pm| Sevastopol. { 7:35 pm[ 1:8 pn»
Staves connect at Santa Roga tor Mark West
Bprlnn and Wntts 8ulphnr Sprlntrs: at button
tor Altrurta; at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
OsyservlUa for Sk&Kga Springs; at Clovardal*
! for the Geyiers; at Hopiand for Duncaa
1 EprlnsB. Highland Springs, Kelseyrille. Carls*
, pad Springs. Soda Bar. LAkeport and Bartlet!
Pprtngs; at Uklah for Vichy Spring*. Baratot*
eprlnrs, Btu« Lakes. Laurel Dell Lain. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake, Porno. Potter Valley.
John Pay's. Riverside. Llerlfy'*. Baeknell's.
Eaahe6r!n Heights. BnllTllle. Orr*s Hot Springs,
Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg. We«tport. Uul,
Wllleti. LaytonTlle. Camming*. Bell's SprtnxSk
[Harris. Oliens. Dyer, Scotia and Eureka.
' r Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at r*»
«duced rates.
On Sundays, roand-trtp tickets to all potsta
beyond San Rafael at halt rate*.
Ticket office, (£0 Market it. Chroniets t>u!JJ»
:1ns. R. X. RTAN.
U. C. WHITING. Gen. Pasa. Ait. ¦
Oen. Manager.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via SausaUto Ferry.
vcn-.. Commencinx September ». 1S0O.
FROM SAX FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEt
i-^i. N I> SAN RAFAEU
¦ WE JRS D AYS-«:55. •9:W. U:00 a. m.. «l:i3k
1:15. 4:00. J:15. •«:15, tua p nv
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays &ad Sat-
urdays at 9:00 and U:S5 p. m. .
si:nday»-»8:oo. io:oo. *u:aa a. m^ naj.
1:15. «4:«. 8:30. »:00 p. m.
Tralns'marked (•) run to San Quentla.
FROM SAN RAFAEL to SAN FRANCISCO,
WEEK DAYS-«:I3. H:SQ, 7:45. »:30 a. isv,
•12:MtJ:4S, *3:». 4:S0. 8.K) p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS en Mondays. Ww&MsKUj*
and Saturdays at <:4S and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS-«:20. *8:C0. 'IOiOO, "ll:*? a. au
•1:40. M:15. 4:4J. ««:50 p. m.
Train* -marked <•> start from San Qnentta.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO 8AM FRANCI3CTX
WETEK DAYS— 5:43. 8:45. 7:5e. 9:30 a. ns^,
12:SS. 1:10. S:R>. 4:54. i:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. We4nes4*7«
and Saturdars at 7:10 and 10:» P. m.
BUXDAY3-8:C5. 10:06 a. m.. 13:05. 1:13, t;ja.
•:00. t:44 p. TRAUja
1:55 a. m. week days— Casadero and way sta-
tions.
1:43 9. m. Saturdays— Tcmals* aad way sta*
S:00 a. m. Bundajre— Tox\al«s and way st*.
«ossv » ;
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leaves 8an Francisco, rla Sausallto Ferry:
WEEK DAYS...-»:15 a. m.; 1:45 and 4:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS 8:00, lt>:00. 11:30 and 1:15 p. m,
' Fare. San Francisco to Summit and Return.
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NOW OFEX.
Ticket offices. Cl Market St.. Sausallto Ferry.
•
weekJ call
$1 per Year.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I 1 TsELLING OUT.
!?| fc^f 1 hn't It safest to buy whtre you know you can deal with
£g W&i I full confiJr nee? At prices that are always pushed to the
$p I !ou-e«t point and guaranteed lower than you can buy
i.e.. -, — . _ _- 36x72 lnoh*"^: worth $1 25; Bale price thin
At a quarter or more tvelow actual worth: 4x _ feet :'^orth*l7."ooVsaYe price this week.#a^*O
JExS6 Inches; worth $1.10; rale prlc« thl* WMINSTER RUGS— 27xC0 fi.10
•tt-eek 72c AXMIXSTKR RfGS— 72xST, Sf4.:tO
SOxCO Jnche.; worth fXMi eale price thU KENSINGTON ART RUGS..7-6x9.$3.CO
w-rk .. $1.75 11x9 $O.9O
TtOTAt, WnLTON RUGS—
*M %& W^^Mi^
€n X 27 "''.\''.''/.'.'.'.'.'.'.~'.'.'.'.$2Jlr. BOSTON FIBER RUGS-Beau- 12x9 *§T-5J!
LO\O FLEECE FUR AND tiful and Durable— *«=„ ?£*.» Sj»j%
ANGORA RUGS. 3Sxl8 4 So 12x9 9».43
7:xS6 *.$2.1O 60x27 5^.10
MATTINGS, FINE CARPET PATTERNS,
LINEN WARP.JOINTLESS, 2Oc, 22Kc, 33c / 2©
ART CARPET SHOP, 228 Powell St., Nr, Geary
ADVEKTISEMENTS.
Dress Goods Sale
Four specials in stylish winter dress stuffs are to be found
at our Market-street store during this week. This sale give3
those who desire to have their costumes made from their own
material a chance to get it at very special prices. Our stock ot
materials for winter wear is a large one, and embraces all that
fashion requires or that good taste could desire. i
Plaid Back Black Iron-
Golf Suitings. Frame Sicilian.
, The popular material for walking Lustrous, silky finish— best Brad-
and rainy-day skirts— a dozen differ- ford make— extra heavy quality;
em' colorings, including lieht and just the thing for shirt waists> se
dark oxford grays, browns navys. ate skirts traveling costumes, etc.
blue Rray mixtures and black— with W ears splendidly— full 46 inches
reversible plaid back to match. Full w ide— pood value for $1.00 yard—
fPuggS EBK&Kg qu This Weel " Per Yard 5S °
This Week, Per Yard 75c Black
English Naval Zibalen? Cheviot.
StOrm SerjC Rough. hea\-y material — stylish
A firm heavy quality, suitable for and popular for winter wear — good
Eton suits, separate skirts, etc.. in raven black— dye and finish warran:-
black only. Warranted perfectly ed— strictly all wool— 52 inches wide
fast color— all pure wool— full 50 —for tailored suits, short skirts, etc—
inches wide — regular 7^c jrrade — regular $1.25 grade —
This Week, Per Yard 50c This Week, Per Yard 75c
Thanksgiving Table Linens.
Everything imaginable in the way of table linen is to be
found in our linen department. See that your supply is conv
plete for the Thanksgiving dinner. Plere are a few items at
special prices, beginning Monday morning:
Table Linens. Lunch Cloths.
Bleached and unbleached Table All pure' linen, 5 feet square. 2
&^%!^£&&£SSS ™» of s Pa ™ h wo? _ta O ,,«d
lar 60c— Our Price, Per Yard 50c fringe, choice patterns. \\ orth $3.00.
Dinner Napkins. Special, Each $1.95
Snow white Belfast linen. 22 inches _-j .
square, assortment of patterns, regu- KemnantS.
lar $2.75 a dozen— . „, , . . , . , ,.
Oup PpIcc, Per Dozen $2 Bleached and unbleached linen
H,, r |r t owp i c damask table cloths, ij4 to 7> X A yard^
" ' , ," . , . . long, an assortment of fine damask
German make, hemstitched — size , , , . , . 1 1 ? r
»x.w inches, pure white. Damask and huck towe!s - and scvcraI lot3 ot
borders — usually sold at $3.60 dozen, fine napkins will be closed out at hah
Special, Each 25c price.
Goods on sale at Market street store only.
Stamping free on Roods bousrht of us to be embroidered. Lessons given in
embroidery. Free delivery in city and bay towns.
I SPECIAL
I i^$* JACKET
I Wf SALE! il
4 s&oL FIXE ALL-
G ./NaW wool ker-
B A^€?5>\ SEY CLOTH
H • \^<£M JACKETS, style
r»* , like cut. best
I* " tailor finish and
B \ < \ j all silk lined, first
B I 1 V* 1 ' Quality pearl but-
5 . \/«^' ij tons: tans and
M \ V^?'-* T$ castors: a $12.50
M X^^ 5^! va^uc: special for
t« , \ f 1 Monday and
I \\ RAIXY - DAY-
V\: SKIRTS. made
j of finest quality plaid back cloths.
the kind that will stand the wind
1 and the weather, finished with
! yoke belt and buckles: specially
priced — :
l$7.5O to $12.5O I
A ALL-WOOL RAIXY-DAY 3
I SKIRTS, in heavy quality cloths: 9
3 blues, browns and trrays: a $7.50 B
5 value. Special at $*»«^fl a
I ELECTRIC SEAL FUR I
H CAPE, with genuine Astralcan fur B
B yoke and collar, satin lined — Eg
{* 14 inches deep... 81 0.00 g
fi 16 inches deep.. .$12.."»0 R
\\ 18 inches deep. . .J*l« 3.OO \£
Q STYLISH AND ELEGANT |
B ALL-WOOL CLOTH FLAX- 1
I XEL WAISTS, exclusive styles |
B and in all colors. Specially priced H
il 91.2s to $4 r»o H
R HEAVY QUALITY SILKS
I WAISTS, for street, theater and R
S opera wear — all shades. Specially H
S priced S7.3O to S?12.5O H
§ GENUINE MACKINTOSH 1
I RAIX COATS, which arc euar- ¦
g anteed rain proof — pearl buttons: H
9 blue, black and tans. Special for 9
B the rainy season.l?r».OO to $8.?»O n
I -" S
I Kelly & Liebesi
fi Cloak and Suit House, I
J/2Q Kearny ST. I
ABVEBTTSEMENTS.
U w d Mt L^ O
Charm
Remarkable Discovery Whsreby
Every Lady May Now Attain the
Perfect Bloom of Youth.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mall
It ha« remained for a Cincinnati woman to
discover th* secret of a perfect skin. She has
at last found the key to feminine beauty. All
the sighs and heartaches over a poor appear-
* MRS. BERT KILET. "
anee may now be banished, for It Is nrlthln the
means of every lady, young- or middle-aged, to
have the clearest and mwt refined complexion
so dear to a woman's heart. Mrs. Be:t Kliey
10S Ward Ave.. Bellevue. Ky.. obtained a tree
trial package and this Is what she says:— "I
a.m perfectly delighted with the result. It
work* like magic." And what is «till more
pleasing and convincing Mme. M. Rlbault, who
discovered this great secret, sends free to every
woman who writes a sufficient quantity of the
beautlfler to chow her how easy It Is to attain
beauty when you know the simple truth and
the ri~ht remedies. .. , ¦
It Is not a face powder, cream, cosmetic or
bleach, contains no oil, ftrease, paste, chemi-
cals or poisons of any, kind and is absolutely
jmre.
Write to Mme. M. Ribault. 1174 Elsa Build-
ing. Cincinnati. Ohio, and she will mall free,
prepaid, in a plain sealed wrapper a free pack-
age of her wonderful beautlfiers and you will
always blees the day you wrote. Do not fall
to write to-day.
The Girl with the!
y^^^^HS^ is THE ENGINEER OF OUR FATE. If she usc 3 lard |j
/O|Hra^M^^\ we are liable to be affected by the ailments to which the animals ||
ySWngrfir r *T whose fat is taken are subject. If she uses JQ|
<^P^ r-* Wesson's Odorless h
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.NOTE— The high and low waters occur at the
city front (Mission-street wharf) about twenty
five minutes later than at Fort- Point; the
height of tide Is the same at both places.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of t High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 18.
Asthma sufferers need np. longer. >ave.. home
and business In order to be' cured. Nature has
produced a' vegetable: remedy that 'will perma
nently cure Asthma and all;disea?e8 of the lungs
ard bronchial .Yubes. Having" -jested Its wonder
ful curative powers in thousands <Vf cases (w'ith
a record of 90 per cent perrrianently'cured), and
desiring- to relieve human: suffering,, :I will Fen.cl
free of charge to all sufferer* from Asthma, Con
sumption, Catarrh, Bronchltls^and nervous dis
eases this recipe In German,, French;or.Eng
ll*h, with - full directions for; preparing-' and
using. Sent by mall. Address with : stamp,
naming this paper, VT. A. Noyes," 847 Powers'
Blockr Rochester. .N.T.; --.., ¦
A CTJB.E FOB 1 ASTHMA.
Judge Dunne has overruled the demur
rcr^to the indictment against Fred Han - :
stead, otherwise known as "Younfi
Dutchy," and the defendant will now go
to trial. Hanstead was af raigned yester
day, and pleaded not guilty to the charjra
against him. Hia trial was ; set for' No
vember 26th. ¦ . \ " * ; ¦. . .
Hanstead Pleads Not Guilty.
C. Q. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. IT. B. N.. In chargre.
Time Ball. .
Branch Hydrographies Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants'- Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
November 17, 1900..
The time ball on the tower of the new Perry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
t. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at S
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tldea
the early morning tides are Riven in th« left
hand column an<l the successive tides of the
dny in the Order X- occurrence as to time of
day. the third time column the third tide and
the -last or rfeht hand column (jives the last'
tide of the day, except wh«n there are but
three tides, as pometimes oocurs. The heights
given are in addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, ! except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height and
then the number given is subtracted from tho
depth Riven by the cr>arts. Tho plane of refer
ence is the.jnean of the lower low waters. .
Sun rises 6:53
Sun sets .....4:57
Moon rises '. 8:24 a.* m.
Hatters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
Tbe Alice lra^a ¦wheat at Portland for
NZTWS OF THE OCEAX.
Thomas Ewing is urging upon the
Southwest Miners' Association to "make
a mining exhibit that will eclipse anything
on the coast." He is working to have tho
next mining congress meet at Los An
geles. Colonel -Ewing reports that all
along the river much work is under way.
Los Angeles capital is largely Interested
in the exploitation of that section. A new
steamer of 125 tons', capacity is regularly
running on the river, carrying freight to
and frcm the mines. .
Another large smelting . plant will be
erected at El Paso next spring by Phelps.
Dodge & Co. They own large copper
mines in Sonora, Just south of the Arizona
line, and also at Blsbee. Globe and Mo
rencl, and they are building a road from
their mines in Sonora to Lordsburg. N. M.
The smelting' of ore will be discontinued
at the mines, and all the smelting ore and
concentrates will be. shipped to El Paso
for treatment. . '
Three mining deals have been made ln
Calaverafl County. The Sunrise. Thomp
son and Emerson quartz mines have been
bonded to different parties. The first two
named are in Railroad Flat district and
the last Is near Mokelumne Hill. The
Sunrise was bonded to C. D. Weatherwax
of Washington, D. C, for nine months for
JSOOO, of which amount 55000 was paid on
the signing of the papers. The Thompson
mine was bonded to a Milwaukee company
for sixty days for 56000. and work must
begin within forty-five days under the
terms of the bond. [ The Emerson mine
was bonded for eighteen months for $S500.
and work must -be commenced within for
ty-five days.
Operations have been resumed on the
Vorlander mine, at Middle Bar, Calaveras
County. The work of development- at the
Girdina mine, at Gampo Seco, Is progress-
Ing. The Prospect reports that recent de
velopments in the' Morning Star mine, in
the, Jenny L»ind .district," nave been en
couraging. ¦••*.• ;
The Gladstone mine, in French Gulch, Is
about to start, and repairs have been
made on the twenty-stamp mill. The ten
stamp mill at the American,' also in Shas
ta 5 County." will ¦ be soon running, as wi..
also the mill on the Brunswick. The own
ership of . the Clipper gold mine, in the
Backbone district, has been decided to be
with A..D1 Noli of San Francisco. The
Black Bear mine, in Slskiyou County, has
been sold to Eastern purchasers: ,. The
price ' is -said . to be $150,000. Mr. Daggett
keeps the White Bear mine. The outfit of
the Knownothing mine has been pur
chased by the management of the' Ball
mine. The Ball .company's mill Is t now
.running.. ; .
A lease has been made by F. J. Horswill
of 330 acres of land ln the Stacks Canyon,
Monterey County, with an option to buy
at $300,000 at theemT of the year, the
purpose being to mine coal. This property
was formerly; operated by. the Pacific Im
provement Company. " '".' ¦¦
• George W. Nolan has resigned .the posi
tion of secretary of. the Southwest Miners*
Association. His -. retirement was due to
poor. health. ; -
According to the message sent to the
Mexican Congress by President. Diaz, the
gained ln favor. The first experiments in
Montana were varied as regards the meas
ure of success attained. The dredgers
have been operated in Montana, Idaho and
Colorado at different points and have
made money.
The gold output of the Nome district is
unofficially reported to be J5.000.000 for the
season. Last year ' the showing was
,52,000.000. Fourteen quartz claims near
Bluff City. Chenik district, are reported
by the Nome Gold Digger to have been
sold to Pittsburg, Pa., men for $500,000.
The Coolgardle placers, northwest of
Barstow, in San Bernardino County, have
an area of 10,000 acres. About 3000 acres
have been located. Considerable gold has
beer, taken out by dry washing."
Randsburg- Is ¦ nappy.- The Randsburg
Miner comes out with a double leaded an
nouncement concerning the award of the
contract for a new 100-stamp mill for the
.Yellow Aster mine and claims that it
presages great prosperity for Randsburg.
The Caminetti Law One of the Leading Topics
for Discussion. I
Expectation ia on tiptoe concerning the
proceedings of the convention of the Cali
fornia Miners' Association, to take place
this week ln Golden Gate Hall. It is an
open secret that certain prominent miners
go Into the convention with the determin
ation, as one has expressed U, "to have
the question of hydraullcking and the
value of the Caminettl law -thoroughly
threshed out." Another prominent mem
ber of the convention said: "We have to
do something. If the Caminettl law does
not give us what we supposed it did we
wish to find that out right away. There
Is little advantage ln getting a permit
from the Debris Commission to hydraulic
if some one is going to tie up such priv
ilege with a claim that practically stops
work. The vitality of the Caminettl act
has to be determined. The^miners see the
necessity for some actlonfand I look for
a lively discussion and something positive
from the convention about to assemble."
An interesting: feature of the proceed
ings will be a report of Thomas J. Bar
bour as chairman of tho committee on
dredging and Jetties. Mr. Barbour has
decided to treat particularly the subject
of gold dredging-. Some account his pre
viously been given of the operations with
dredgers projected to take place at the
potholes and other, points on the Colorado
River, and there have been allusions to
tho : dredglng lri the northern counties of
California. Mr. Barbour will throw a
flood of light on the general subject. The
dredger has come to stay In American
gold mining,' seemingly. There are some
thing Hko a score of dredgers operating
from Folsom on the Feather River to the
north. In the vicinity of. Orqyille nine
dredgers are at work. Gold mining by
dredgers has had Its ups and downs like
any other branch, but the dredger, has
A LIVELY SESSION OF MINERS IS EXPECTED
The transport Lopan will go on the dry
dock at Hunters Point on Tuesday.
A Email whistling buoy has been placed
ever the wreck of the May Flint.
S. Antoni fell from a wagon loaded with
hay yesterday and broke his rig-ht arm.
lie was attended at the Harbor Receiving
by Dr. Robinson.
. John Duffey, alias Toohey, was arrested
yes<pr<iay bv Officer Jngham for violating
the hark ordinance. He charged a farmer
r.arced Jesse Barker S3 for drlvlnsr him
from the ferry to the Southern Pacillc
cnlce ln the Grand Hotel.
Applications will be received at tha of
fk-e of the United States Lighthouse In
tpector. 404 Safe DeDOsit building-, until
r.^on on Saturday, December 15. 1900. for
filling the position of engineer on San
TraniMsco Lipht Vessel No. 70, at a salary
cf .$K'^0 per annum, and for assistant en
snnecr of the liphtho'jse tender Madrono.
at a salary of $?0 per month. Applicant?
tnust be citizens of the United States, and
rnurt be licensed by the steamboat m
ti>ection service.
Water Front Notes.
John McDevitt. for the p*st ten years
tight clerk at the Merchants' Exchange,
will be transferred to the day ehift on
Monday.
cf the crew cf the American chip Louis
Avals h filed a libel against the vessel yes
terday in the United States District
Court to recover $367 21, wases alleged to
fce due them.
The Louis Walsh. libeled.
enrv Lowrey and four other members
The Western Sug-ar Refinery filed a
bond in the United States District Court
yesterday of $100,000 for the release of
WBH baskets of eugrar. forming part of
the cargo of the Austrian steamer Olga.
The Fidelity and Deposit Company of
£.Iary!and is the surety on the bond.
Olga'e Eugrar Beleased-
>nr«^HB transport Warren has been do-
I Ing- yeoman'i service during the
I past xncr.th. She Tras ordered
Jt home in October last, but this or
der was countermanded by the
quartermaster general and 6h» was sent
to NegroB and from there to Kawasaki
with a batch of invalids. From Nagasaki
the Warren was to go to Taicn. where ehe
was to tak« aboard the Ninth Infantry
end transfer it to th« Phlllpplnei. From
that It vrouM look aa though all band* on
the transport, were to spend Christmas
end New Tear ln the Philippines.
Tne Warren was one of the first ves
sels put ln commission by the Govern
ment and she has run without a layoff
ever since. . __
When last heard from the Warren wm
et N&casaki bound tor Taku for the
Ninth Infantry. Qn arriving at Manila
the is scheduled fdr work among tbe lel
tnds ar.d then after all "rush" work is
over she will come back to- Saa Fran
cisco. =.. __
As aa "emergency boat" the warren
hes proved herself to be the belt puxchaeo
ever made by the Government. Ehe has
been running- continuously since the war
began. Quartermaater Captain Miles- and
Captain Fraser have the confidence of all
aboard and ln oonnequence everything
rur.s like clockwork on th» big traiie
port. Still, ail hands and the cook ara
i.'jlouf to get home and the run to Nag»
eaki. Taku. Manila asd home Is not ap
preciated.
FOREIGN -PORTS.
NANAIMO— Sailed Nov 16— Stmr Mlneola. for
San Francisco.
SYDNEY— Arrived Nov 17— Ship Emily Reed,
hence Sot 25.
KOBE — Sailed prior to Nov 17 — Br stmr Olen
ehiel. for Puset Sound.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Nov 14-Btmr City of
Pekins, hence Oct- 26.
QL'EENSTOWN— Arrived Nov 15— Br ship
Fife* hire, from Oregon. . .
MELBOURNE— Arrived Nov 17— Bktn Encora.
from Columbia River. • '. ;
galled- Nov 18— Ship Star of Benaral, for'New
castle, NSW. - .¦•'"¦
GUATM AS— Sailed. Nov 14— Schr Expansion,
for Pu-et. Sound. - - • . •• -.-•¦ — •.•-'¦-
NEW TORK— Arrived Nov 18— Ship A O
Ro'>e*. from Honolulu. \
DELAWARE BREAKWATER— Arrived Nov
1«— Ship I F Chapman, from New York.
PHILADELPHIA— Arrived Nov 16— Ship Lu
zon, from Honolulu.
Sailed Nov 17— Stmr Sonoma, for San Fran
cisco.
SAVANNAH-Sailed Oct 80— Ship Henry VII
lard, for Honolulu..
EASTERN PORTS.
-^ DOMESTIC PORTS.
ASTORIA— Arrived Nov 10— Br ship Lans
dal«?. from Liverpool.
PORT LUI>LOW— Arrived Nov IS— Brls Ge
neva, from fort Townsend. • '*•-» -
BOWENS LANDING— Arrived tior 17— Stmr
Navarro, hence Nov 16.
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed In Nov 17— Stmr
Nome Citr, for Seattle.
SEATTLE- Sailed Nov 16— Ship John Cur*
rlcr. for Honolulu; etmr City of Topeka, for
Skagusy. : \
Arrived Nov 17— Stmr Nome City, from Nome;
Etmr Dolphin, from Alafka.
EVKR1-:TT— Sailed Nov 17— Bktn Quickstep,
for Kahului.
COOS I'.AT— Sailed Nov 17— Stmr Arcata, for
San KrarKlseo. /
POUT l.OS ANGELES— Sailed Nov 17— Stmr
San Mateo. for Naneimo. • !
El'REKA— Arrived Nov 17— Stmr South Coast,
hence Nov 13; stmr Del None, hence Nov 15.
Sailed Nov 17— Fchr Bertha Dolbeer, for New
port (H); Btmr Del Norte, for ; stmr Cleone,
for Sar. Francisco; stmr Brunswick, for San
Fra^cl«co.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Nov 17— Stmr Noyo, for
San Francisco; stmr S«q,uoia, for San Fran-
SAN DIEGO— Arrived Nov 17. at 7 a m— Stmr
Homer, from Eureka.
8aii*<i Nov 17— U S stmr Adams, for .
TACO11 A— Arrived Ncv 17— Schr Minn!* A
Caiii p . from Sftatn*.
NKAH BAY— Passed out Nov 17— Br ship
FoKeviot. from Tacoma. for .
Passed in Nov 17. at 6:35 p m— Bark B P
Cben«»y. hence Nov 6. for Tacoma; ship Two
Brothers, hence Nov 8, for Tacoma^
ABERDEEN— Arrived Nov 17— Stmr W H
Kruper. hence Nov 14.
ASTORIA— Arrived Nov 17— Stmr Robt Dol
lar from Seattle; Nor stmr Universe, hence
Nov 16: Br ship Marlon Lightbody. from Santa
Rosalia; Br ship Murkoka. from Nagasaki; Fr
bark Gen Mollinet. from Glascow.
POINT LOBOS, JTov 17, 10 p m— 'Weather
cloudy; wind NW, velocity 12 miles.
TELEGRAPHIC.
Autr 15, lat » 8. Ion 127 W— Br ship Brodlck
Castle, from Port Blakeley, for London.
FPOKEN.
Saturday, November 17.
Etmr Geo Loomls, Bridgett, Ventura.
Btmr Jeanie. Maeon. Seattle.
Stmr Eureka, Jepsen, Eureka.
Etmr Matteawan, Croscup. Tacoma.
Stmr Point Arena, Hanpen. llendoclno.
Etmr Greenwood. Fegarlund. Greenwood.
Stmr Crescent City, Stotkfieth, Crescent City.
Br etmr Wellington, Salmond. Chemalnus.
Br stmr Victoria. Blakey, Chemainus.
B»- ship I^>udon Hill. Cruickshank, Liverpool.
Bark « HymiKC, Glhbf, Honolulu.
Fr bark" Moliere. Ancelin. Queenstown.
Srhr Mary Bidwell. Veny. Coqullle River.
Schr North Bend, Jackson, WiMapo,
Schr Maxim, Olsen. Caspar.
Schr Joseph and Henry, Rasmussen. Ccquillo
River.
SAILED.
Saturday, November 17.
Etmr G W Elder, Randall, Astoria; Oregon
Railroad and Nav Co.
Stmr San Jose, Cattarinich. Nanalmo; Pacific
Hail S S Co.
Br stmr Wellington, Ealmond. Chemalnus; R
Dur.smuir's Sons Co.
Bktn \V H Dimond, Hansen, Honolulu; J D
Fl'reckels & Eros Co.
CLEARED.
Friday. November 16.
Br chip Sokoto. Pennant, 65 days from New
castle. Aus.
Saturday, November 17.
Stmr Pomona, Ehea, 19 hours from Eureka.
Btmr Coos Bay, Nopander, 72 hours from
N«"wi>ort and way ports.
6tmr Dora, Thomu. 13 days from TJnalaska.
Hr ehip Alcinous, ilacCorinaie, 16S days from
Liverpool.
Park Amy Turner, Warland, 24 days from
Honolulu.
Bark Harry ilors*. Fullerton, 12 days from
Columbia River.
Whaling bark Alice Knowlem, Uontgromery, SZ
<Jay!« from Okhotsk Se*. ,
Schr Nettie Bundborr. Larsen, tVi days from
Bowens Lar.dlYis. *
Echr Mayflower, Olsen. 8 days from Coqullie
River. . %
Schr Mary Etta, Anderson. 74 hours from
Bowens Landing.
Bchr Vlkinr, Mortensen, 12 4ays from Gray*
Harbor.
Echr Berwick. Peterson. 13 day* from Co
qullle River.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
The steamer Senator sailed yesterday for
Victoria with a peneral cargo, valued at $21,131.
manifested aa follows: For Victoria, $14,706:
Eastern States, $6443. The following were the
principal shipments:
For Victoria— 4 cs arms and ammunition, 81.-
SSO lbs bituminous rock, 20 tons coal. "01 cs
canned goods, "1761 lbs coffee, 476 lbs cheese,
48,128 lbs dried fruit, 11 cs dry goods, 20 crs
furniture. £ bxs fruit, 160 pkgs groceries and
provisions, 2GS crs grrapes, 8 pises graphophone
roods, 19S cs hardware, 5 cs liquors, SI bxs
lemons, & bxs metal polish, 100 tins matches,
U pkffs machinery, £$25 lbs millstuffs, 35,400 lbs
malt, 600 lbs nuts, 270 bxs oranges. 12 cs salad
oil. 105 cs paste. £8 bxs raisins. 10 crs Bewlng:
machines, 6 bbls tar, S3 bxs vegetables, SSS gals
6 cs wine.
Boston, Me?«.— SI5 cs salmon.
La Crosss, Wis— 825 cs canned fruit, 100 ce
salmon.
¦Worcester, Mass — S50 cs salmon.
Merchandise for Victoria.
The Mariposa brought tip from Sydney $3,164,
£90 ln English sovereigns, making; a total thus
far this year of S15.4i3.7S4.
Gold From Australia,
A Cargo of Chimninus.
The steamer "Wellington sailed yeiterday for
ChemalnuB with the following carso:
416 lbs cheese, 4 cs hardware. SO bdi« Iron,
100 bxs raisins, 10 bxs prunes, 10 cs fr^ilt. 20
cs figs, 5 bxs lemons, 10 cs orange?, 10 cs
canned goods.
Europe. 41s Id, prior to arrival) the Pericles,
wheat at this port for Europe, SSs 9d. also
prior to arrival.
VICTORIA. B O-Balled Nov lT-Br itmr
Aoranti, for Sydney.
MANILA— Sailed Oct 22— U S itmr Warren,
for Nagasaki.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Nov 17— StmrUmbria.
from Liverpool and Queenstown.
Sailed Nov 17— Btmr Fuerst Bismarck, for
Naples, etc.: Btmr Lucanla. for Liverpool; stmr
Pennsylvania, for Hamburg, via Plymouth;
stmr Minnehaha, for London.
Arrived Nov 17— Stmr New Tork. for South
ampton.
KOBB-Passed Nov IS— Stmr Flintshire, from
San Francisco, for Port Arthur.
HONGKONG — Arrived Nov 17— Stmr America
Mam. from San Francisco, via Honolulu and
Yokohama.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Nov 17— Btmr Etruria.
from New York.
Sailed Nov 17— Stmr Campania, for New York:
¦tmr Noordland. for New York.
• YOKOHAMA- Arrived prior to Nov 17— Stmr
City of Peking, from San Francisco, via Hono
lulu, for Honskongr.
SOUTHAMPTON — Arrived Nov 17 — Btmr
Friederich der Grosse. from New York, for
Bremen.
HAVRE— Arrived Nov 17— Stmr La Touralne,
from New York.
Sailed Nov 17— Stmr La Lorraine, for New
York. !
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
OTCLE SAM'S CRACK TRANSPORT, WHICH WILL. PROBABLY BE KEPT IN ORIENTAL WATERS UNTIL
AFTER THE HOLIDAYS. AND THEREBY PREVENT ITS OFFICERS AND CREW FROM ENJOYING THEIR
CHRISTMAS ASHORE IX THEIR NATIVE LAND.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 190Q.
Vessel Will Not Get Back to San Francisco Until
After the Holidays and Sailors Are Not Pleased.
CREW OF THE ARMY TRANSPORT WARREN
WILL SPEND CHRISTMAS IN THE ORIENT
TO SAIL.
21
mining Industry of Mexico continues to
develop without Interruption. During: the
last fiscal year there were Issued 2234 title :
deeds, covering 83,899 claims, which was
ffi Increase of 489 deeds over the previous :
fiscal year. Duranpo. Sonora and Chihua
hua have the greater number of mines,
in the order named. The return for ex
ports for the last fiscal year shows an
enormous increase in the- exportation of
copper, the total for the year belnff about
$10,000,000. New coal deposits have been '
developed.
An account sent to the Redding: Free
Press Is to the effect that In both the ,
Abrams and Altamont districts the stage
of consolidation of most of the mines Into
the hands of three small companies has
been reached. The Union Consolidated
Gold Mine Company has. been organized
to operate holdings on Hickory Creek,
consisting of the Bonanza Kins: and For
est Queen property and ¦ the Dorleska
mines on Union Creek.-
The Amador Dispatch reports the fol
lowing facts concerning Amador County
mines: .
The Onelda mine will- Increase its milling ca
pecity to fifty stamps by the Installation of the
76-horsepower electrlo motor. The water power-^*
Is sufficient to run twenty-five stamps and the
electricity -will run the other .twenty-five.
Preparations are making to sink the shaft at
the South Kureka mine ZOO feet deeper, which
will give it 2000 feet depth on the Incline. The
east shaft of. the Kennedy mine is now down
1J0O feet. The Cooper mine at Oleta has been
Ixndod by a syndicate of Chicago capitalists.
The name company has. also bonded the Lone
Hill mine.
A suit has been begun In Tucson by Jules
LeszlnBky against the Medler Copper Mining
Company, the Morencl Copper Mines, Limited,
and C. A. Ross to recover title to and posses
sion of the Indiana and Medler mines, located
i.ear Clifton in the copper mining district,
Graham County, Arizona. The Morenci Mine.
Limited. Is an Kngllsh corporation and the
Medler Copper Mining Company Is said to be
backed by English capital.' Stocks of these'
companies have been selling at the London
market at 400 per cent premium. . L^szinsky
claims that the deeds for these mines were ob
tained from htm upon promise by Ross of cer-
tain inyments; that the payments htv* not
been made, and that the title* ar* Invalid by
reason of tho failure to pay the consideration.
An electrlo power Una 1* ln extension from
Murphy* to the Sheap Ranch mine ln Cala
vcras County. Upon the completion of this
ltns ths mlna'a machinery will B« ran by elec
tric power. - ¦ - -
The Scott Valley Advance reports that Saa
Francisco people are Investigating 1 Coffee Creek
pi opertles In Trinity County. R. M. Moore has
returned from Inspection of a group of sevea
claima on Scorpion Creek, -which ar» located
three miles from Cbffe* Creek. The value
placed upon these properties 1» 173.000. The
Gopher-Bowlder mine at Placer. El Dorado
Ctunty, Is ready to resume operations.
The old Buchanan copper mine ln Ma<J«r%
County has be«n reopened by E. Inrtnei Saa
Francisco parties have taken the Lucky Otrl
mine at Grubb Gulch under bond- from Joan'
Morrison. Andy Davidson. R. A. Prouty and
S. W. Westfall. The bond Is for J13.000, run
nlnu until July. 1301.
The Tin Cup mine ln El Dorado County has
been sold to Hayward ft Lane for $13,000.
Twelve cyanide plants are now In operation,
la the old Black Hills and six more, according
to the Western Mining: World, published at
Butte. itor.t.. ¦will soon be added.
In the ten months ending October Jl the metat
mlninff companies ln this country reporting to
the Engineering and Mining Journal paid a
total of $42,563,071 In dividends. The largedt
dividend payers were the copper companies.
Of those ln Montana the Amalgamated Copper*
Company. . which controls the Anaconda and
Parrot companies, paid I8.00O.C00 in dividend*,
or 9 per cent on its capitalization. The Ana
conda Cepper Company Is credited with pay
ing M.80O.00O. or 1« per cent. The Montana
Company paid I4.2CO.CCO. or 113 per cent, and
the Parrot Company H.J73.10Q, or 40 per cent, on;
Its Issued capital stock. Of the Michigan- cop
per companies Calumet and Heels paid in the
ten months $3,000,000, er 100 per cent on Its
capitalization. In South Dakota the llome
ntake Gold Mining Company is foremost with,
ll.OGn.CCO.- or 5 per cent on Its share capital.
In i;tah the 8ilver Km* Company paid |7SO.0^»
or 25 per cent on Its capitalization. The Yellow
Aster Company ln California Is credited with
paying 13 per cent and the Mountain Copper
O.mpany with 19 J-10 per cent on Its shan*
capital. In Arizona the Unite* Verde Is cred
ited with paying fl.GO.QCO, or J3 r f cent on Its
capital stock. # ,. .- , . | ; I , • .,.
Steamer, Destination— Sails. ; Pier.
Samoa, for HumboMt Nov. 18, 10 am Pier 9
Banta Rosa, for S. Diego. Nov. 18. 11 am Pier 11
Empire, for Coos Bay Nov. 18, 10 am Pier 13
Mandalay, for Coquille It. Xov. 18, 10 am Pier 8
Coronado, for Grays Har. Nov. 19, 5 pm Pier 2
Pomona, for Humboldt.. Nov. 19, 2 pmjPler 9
Newport, for New Tork.. Nov. 19, 12 m PMSS
Geo. Elder, for Portland.. Nov. 19, 11 amiPler 24
China, for China & Japan Nov. 20. 1 pml'MSS
Bonlta, for Newport Nov. 20, 9 am Pier 11
Arcata, for Cooa Bay Nov. 20, 4 pm Pier 13
Albion, for Honolulu Nov. 29, 2 pm Pier 2
Marlpora, for Australia.. Nov. 21, » am Pier 7
G. Dollar, for Grays Har. Nov. 21. 5 pm Pier 2
Queen, for San Diego Nov. 21. 11 am Pier 11
Umatllla, for Victoria Nov. 22. 11 am Pier D
North Fork, for Humboldt Nov. 22, 2 pm Pier 2
'Czarina, for Seattle Nov. 22, ft am Pier 8
Eureka, for Humboldt... Nov. 22, 9 am Pier 13
Alitance, Portl'd & C. B. Nov. 22. 9 am Pier 20
Corona, for Newport Nov. 2Tt, 9 am Pier 11
Ifils. for Hamburg & Way Nov. 23. .. am Pier 7
Columbia, for Portland.. Nov. 24, 11 amIPier 21
Pt. Arena, for Pt, Arena. |Nov. 24, 2pm|Pler 2
Btearaer, From— Due.
Umatilla, from Victoria Nov. IS
Grace Dollar, from Grays Harbor Nov. IS
Queen, from San Diego Nov. 18
San Juan, from New York Nov. 19
North Fork, from Humboldt ITov. 19
Arcata, from Coos Bay.... Nov. 19
Robert Dollar, from Seattle Nov. 10
TWlus, from Oyster Harbor Nov. 19
Santa Barbara, front Humboldt Nov. 13
Iaqua, from San Diego Nov. 20
Doric, from China and Japan Nov. 20
Czarina, from Seattle Xov. 21
Eureka, from Humboldt Nov. 20
Alliance, from Portland and Coos Bay.. Nov. 21
Columbia, from Portland Nov. 21
Corona, from Newport Nov. 21
Washtenaw.' from Tacoma Nov. 21
South Portland, from Seattle Nov. 22
Santa Rosa, from San Diego Nov. 22
Point Arena, from Point Arena Nov. 22
Crescent City, from Crescent City Nov. 22
Pomona, from Eureka Nov. 22
City of Puebla, from Victoria.... Nov. 23
Xewburg, from Grays Harbor Nov. 23
W. II. Kruger. from Gray* Harbor.... Nov. 24
Bonlta, from Newport Nov. 25
G. W\ Elder, for Portland Nov. 26
D Time Time Time Time
? , — r— Ft. Ft. r- Ft. Ft.
» L. W H W [L. W H.W
18 ... 1:59 2.8 8:39 5.6 8:20 0.S 9:66 4.0
19 ... 2:35 2.6 9:09 6.6 3:52 0.4 10:42 4.1
20 ... 8:11 2.8 9:36 5.7 4:25 0.0 11:27 4 3
n .:. 3:4S 2.S 10:04 6.7 5:00—0.3
II W L W ¦ H W L. TV .
22 ...[ 0:10 4.3 4:2<> 3.0 10:32 5.7 5:35—0.5
23..: 0:53 4.4| 6:07 3.2 11:04 5.8 6:13-0 6
Steamer, Destination— Sails. ; Pier.
Samoa, for HumboMt Nov. 18, 10 am Pier 9
Banta Rosa, for S. Diego. Nov. 18. 11 am Pier 11
Empire, for Coos Bay Nov. 18, 10 am Pier 13
Mandalay, for Coquille It. Xov. 18, 10 am Pier 8
Coronado, for Grays Har. Nov. 19, 5 pm Pier 2
Pomona, for Humboldt.. Nov. 19, 2 pmjPler 9
Newport, for New Tork.. Nov. 19, 12 m PMSS
Geo. Elder, for Portland.. Nov. 19, 11 amiPler 24
China, for China & Japan Nov. 20. 1 pml'MSS
Bonlta, for Newport Nov. 20, 9 am Pier 11
Arcata, for Cooa Bay Nov. 20, 4 pm Pier 13
Albion, for Honolulu Nov. 29, 2 pm Pier 2
Marlpora, for Australia.. Nov. 21, » am Pier 7
G. Dollar, for Grays Har. Nov. 21. 5 pm Pier 2
Queen, for San Diego Nov. 21. 11 am Pier 11
Umatllla, for Victoria Nov. 22. 11 am Pier D
North Fork, for Humboldt Nov. 22, 2 pm Pier 2
'Czarina, for Seattle Nov. 22, ft am Pier 8
Eureka, for Humboldt... Nov. 22, 9 am Pier 13
Alitance, Portl'd & C. B. Nov. 22. 9 am Pier 20
Corona, for Newport Nov. 2Tt, 9 am Pier 11
Ifils. for Hamburg & Way Nov. 23. .. am Pier 7
Columbia, for Portland.. Nov. 24, 11 amIPier 21
Pt. Arena, for Pt, Arena. |Nov. 24, 2pm|Pler 2
D Time Time Time Time
? , — r— Ft. Ft. r- Ft. Ft.
» L. W H W [L. W H.W
18 ... 1:59 2.8 8:39 5.6 8:20 0.S 9:66 4.0
19 ... 2:35 2.6 9:09 6.6 3:52 0.4 10:42 4.1
20 ... 8:11 2.8 9:36 5.7 4:25 0.0 11:27 4 3
n .:. 3:4S 2.S 10:04 6.7 5:00—0.3
II W L W ¦ H W L. TV .
22 ...[ 0:10 4.3 4:2<> 3.0 10:32 5.7 5:35—0.5
23..: 0:53 4.4| 6:07 3.2 11:04 5.8 6:13-0 6
Btearaer, From— Due.
Umatilla, from Victoria Nov. IS
Grace Dollar, from Grays Harbor Nov. IS
Queen, from San Diego Nov. 18
San Juan, from New York Nov. 19
North Fork, from Humboldt ITov. 19
Arcata, from Coos Bay.... Nov. 19
Robert Dollar, from Seattle Nov. 10
TWlus, from Oyster Harbor Nov. 19
Santa Barbara, front Humboldt Nov. 13
Iaqua, from San Diego Nov. 20
Doric, from China and Japan Nov. 20
Czarina, from Seattle Xov. 21
Eureka, from Humboldt Nov. 20
Alliance, from Portland and Coos Bay.. Nov. 21
Columbia, from Portland Nov. 21
Corona, from Newport Nov. 21
Washtenaw.' from Tacoma Nov. 21
South Portland, from Seattle Nov. 22
Santa Rosa, from San Diego Nov. 22
Point Arena, from Point Arena Nov. 22
Crescent City, from Crescent City Nov. 22
Pomona, from Eureka Nov. 22
City of Puebla, from Victoria.... Nov. 23
Xewburg, from Grays Harbor Nov. 23
W. II. Kruger. from Gray* Harbor.... Nov. 24
Bonlta, from Newport Nov. 25
G. W\ Elder, for Portland Nov. 26
GRAPE-NUTS.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
It Is Our Business
To- apparel: men who desire to 'look their best
af 'all. times, particularly at. Thanksgiving din-
ners or ¦weddlnss. - r".:^ 7 *"'
w c mnice milts far business. :..:..;? 13.5O-975
Suits. for formal day functions.. ...915.AO-91O
Kilts for informal affairs.- $20.00-950
Svlts to evenlnB affairs: .....:::lf£O.OO-95O
TUe cloth and style in each?; case; is" correct
aod "excellent. • and the nt and? workmanship
perfect.' . ¦ . • •; ¦•'-.•¦ 1 ¦' . " . -1 ¦ r>
joe pOheimw
201 and 203 MontR'y st. r U10 and ; 1112 Market st.
,. , ,,;143.S.. SDrin* at.: Lios Aneeles,^ . .;
This Is another evidence of the fact that
Grape-Nuts food contains the phosphato
cf potash which unites- with albumen to
make the gray matter ln the nerve center*
and brain. Any brain worker who values
health, strength and vigor should pay
h»«d to the character of food he uses.
"I am fiatiefled that all the ills that I
have suffered were due to the fact that I
lived Just aa thousands of others who
think they are -well fed, but are in a state
of semi-starvation, owing to imperfect
HFslm!la.r!on of'food.' The nerve centers
cannot be properly nourished and rebuilt
except by good food and food that can
V»e «5l£PFted and.?s*imilated. Grape-Nut?
food is the nioFt perfect food I have ever
e<-.pn. "nd I know of Us value from prac-
tical results. " ,
"About six months ago I was threatenel
with nervous prostration again, when a
friend advised me to eafGrape-Xuts food.
I was entirely skeptical concerning any
bftneficiai results, but, finding the food
very palatable. I bought package after
package, and since beginning the use of
Grape-Nuts have taken :'o medicine or
r.erve tonics of any kind, and the effect of
this perfect food on toy health is some-
thing very remarkable. All headache*.
Insomnia and a disagreeable cough anJ
rr.y symptoms of paralysis have disap-
r eared.
"One of the most remarkable effects of
the food Grape-Nuts is th« effect on tha
mind. It makes one feel buoyant, hopeful
en<i cheerful." say* Alice I>. Glunt of 24:2
Eroad street, Altoona.. Pa. She continues:
"As a result of prolonged mental work I
vas stricken with paralysis of the right
eide about two years and a half ago. For
about two years I was treated constantly
•with powerftjj drugs to s-Umula-te tho
nerve center*, with only partial success.
y<Tid of Food That Affects the Mind.
MIND AND FOOD.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
N.
MME. 10 ALINE FACE CREAM
DOES AWAY^WITH THE USE OF '¦'-<:
i: FACE POWDERS.
!-Mts use IsVpry.slmpleVt You apply It dally «to the face before Kolnz
ailt? oi*'at> horrie when you wish, to look your best, the same as you
apply powders: IT CONTAINSNO LEAD. ZINC. LIME OR ARSENIC
OIL OR GREASE, AND 1S:PERPECTLY HARMLESS.
? It Is unlike oil /^^kC IDA/ /T^V MME. IDALINE-S
other foce prepa- ///%S^^'' Wa \v FACE AMD
jjatfons: It beau- • /// .^J v - •' - ¦ ; W A? \\ LIP ROUGE
tlfles at once and I // T " •SjiiSJiH \v\ .._...
preserves the 1^^ /"^^7 • I 1 \\\ DEFIES
ski '. at the same //fh 4 ' .-/*> «i* -%'r? 1 1 1 \\\ : DETECTION.
time BEING PER-. I APt> -3PfDl*AlW\\ v FREE
FECTLY INVIS-! . rUXjV, \ T DEMONSTRATION
__ 111* Oi 'I DAILY AT
Send2-eent \V'* ' C* &III -EMPORIUM/^
Stamp and mil \\%* J? /// Prices:. •
Mail You * N^/, C ORPOR^ Cream 506
free sample: , : *f?\!jZr Rou9 '° '" ' 25c
If notobtarnable at your druggist we will send to your address upon
receipt of price. We pay postage.
PACIFIC COAST LABORATORY:
204 POWELL STREET, V SAN FRANCISCO.
I JfPlli LITERALLY GIVE OUR GOODS AWAY! 1
i& gMg?^ . " N^ WONDER you do such a tremendous 6us"/7i«»s," remarked a friendly competitor recently i "you .. * gj
Hi ' fl«ilL* iSBW- * almost gir» your goods away. " He was right, thoughwe argued we are not deserving of censure . . gj
HI *£»£? l * 'simply because we can afford to undersell other concern*. It it every merchant** prerogative to •V*-' a
rag * /z; . , . dispose of his wares as he sees fit, we contended, If he choose* to exact large profits and the people 'x.i £?
S^| <?«^^B " ¦¦ : support his avaricious policy, that's f>/s business. If we wish to continue underselling not only a lew, gS
IP x J§sH fcut al1 hou3CS> thats cur busine8S> But to K et the< best fsr the lowest price is your business. fc|
l^fiafliHUtf^ CORSET SALE. AMONG THE JMART NEW HOSIERY 1
fffip \^^FjBMjHiaE^BaEapB^t^M^B^BMBB^^B MJt^f CORSETS are entirely new find < Vi"-5 > t adtpc* t ipr pprppT M
M MffA%MH A DhATV jRM of tnlmitabie^and perfect 'fitting $V^J made of extra fine, soft finished cot- i'fSSX?^^ M
$3 WJSFA&fi&a 1 H^W patterns. In fit. form, finish and //r~K <v , o . n :.f oa l ble heels and toes, full Rajf^Lj-t; k|
SB Pary^~- TanrBfiLMfc-^ **tI *HmL-^7 fabric they are unrivaled, the // \ % length. In all new patterns. They V^i^WNin *r
«?« B8I CM Wa^ ket 1 ar ° ~~Yf2Z2r'r:r\ \ winter welpht. double heels, toes and fiV^^-^lt^si 'A
rM WiMW— WBWs— Bra— B r^l , , . . ' # //••- ) ) knees. Kind of hosiery that will not UlV.7 V »V/ ?2|
*jM Pr§ Fl FY t They are made of best Imported t *\ i<# 1 I j hum or injure the most tender feet. u '>C r t»-Vt §1
"M nrj., m^nT^!S,.TSl.. l B8^^^B^^i all shapes and styles, particular- . "c {i^^X, Made of fine Peruvian cotton, polka • A W% l3
34 ¦• KPl^^^S^ESS&BflSB ly th * new military model. The f. , C\ dotted. In red. blue and purple. * ¥¦ ¦ H
. ml gr^^f!|^rani ¦ smallest store's price #.*5.5<> '^ ' ' "Wholesale price. J4.W a dozen. Our - '^
¦I our new 8i military straight front nun !i I HFi i/mninrr nrninTiiriiT H
'm , W&^HS^^F^F^WGtrTlk CORSET, made of best imported fast black or gray IjllK HANiJKrnun tr UCrAKImtnl N
S^t BS » 1 B BJ m I fiH^tsV^V Coutil, double side steels, rust-proof front steels, UUM linilU IXUIIUII J Ul U Ul nil I 111 Ull I f?.l
8 « B ¦ il 14 i I ttS »\ ' * bias cut, hand gored, low sloping bust, just the cor- Offers Another Bargain This Week! fJ3
$ bM fia^IJl 8 -! k'r* Jfli *~ l t0 ho l d y nH ln at th . e walst ; lvln P the Ions waist (55 dozen LADIES 1 INITIAL HANDKERCHIEFS, lp
I L^M'M^jl'ltlA sired a You?o portunfty ° Car ge S ° m $ c f qo made of fine Irlsh lawn> hemstitched, hand-made ln- g
Sw. ¦ Bsgulia ' «»'<»'•» ¦ ' ¦¦¦• ... n > ¦¦ ¦ "lery. AVorth double the price we a?k fi l ic tm
&is w%iW*fi88E&2&3USUESfiBm&Mi\\N( Ynii Pan ilononn nnWhatYnn Rot Horo! another:— ts dozen indies* pure irish linen ?
'0 Pf^^^^PJmBW gySJi WB»11Im '^^ LlCpClIU UN filial IUU UCl lluICi hand-initialed handkerchiefs, hemstitched border?, $
-<ES - 825 LADIES' COLORED now t%# / f.'....... *?... 124c I
%t ' n\ //wh. JA mercerized sateen, with accor- ' PFMIIINF (flfl PI DVFQ I
3$ / J^JK^JMsSl rllJ ill J&f&^jMSfc^ red, preen and lavender. We seii *&&* Most gloves ere net kid. simply because ?
Sw i a^raSWjaM^^B^^^J^LWHBJ 111 I PJ [ft S^Gj^Tm^Vi^ M we advertise Sl.-."> flPk^* dskln3 nr*» so expensive that some makers
H ll^rW 8^^lP^!a^B^3^rMrrTSrmlllllim \ selling for.. .!....'.. f"...lS4.O8 WK^\^ of other animals. The gloves of which w«.
ty jIImti nHH^MX^H^LfiSL^a * llll!!lliH ill grHSw Ug^j^y**^ ty all silk moreen, wltn deep \\§ \ >( tlon itself in every respect
%. l\\ nWafrJMW&'Jr- "fW r'irWsm I IHflf lft cSlor \ntfeta.] c r o J me3 n 1n°an S °tho S~^£. made spoar-polnt back, patent clasp, all jSj
I I iKSBBKra^Mji II 1 new Roman stripe effects. You can't buy this qual- Mzes. To make this department more- popular. g l.OO gj
jpjjl ijpr^^^y^&JlBfM^^fc^M^WH II Ity of moreen under $1.00 per yard, and It takes S another. m
«lH|raHSM|jHnSraW ll yards for a skirt. Our price, skirt complete.. 84. OS LADIES' GENUINE MOCHA, not imitation, but i'*l
MWfttgMSrffwQBKS&SrWjBBWFJf^ttil I Hi Sals at O'Farrell-street entrance. the Pennine article; two-clasp fasteners, new "Paii3 EH
i98^Sk2h£S9 w rikifst suit nFP'T in frisho <^^^^™---**-^-^°-^^™ 1
J iW^nsffj^jF^tm 1 Our Pr/Ce$ Make u$ Sc! Tii«ii«o«Rnll ItU UNlltnWtAn Utr I. §§
i$, %EKWWWW^ra^USL(sw£dBD IB We P ut on sale Monday 25 LA- £\ s:5 LADIES' ONEITA COMBINATION SUITS, fir3
fig WgH5g3^ifi^£3Mffi5aB£gBiMMSWIIlll lit* DIES r TAILOR-MADE SUITS />SJ>i/ made of nnest Australian wool, steam shrunk, medl-
*3 By 4aMBdMBfS^BJMRiJJii>*^^ °" al l wool cheviot. Venetian Ver*9 cated, high neck. Ions sleeves, ankle length, neck CT
5$! C^* f -*r5F MfMjnTjf^tt^S&lwm an Camels-hair, Jackets cut V-!» crocheted with silk and drawn through with silk fia
4 W!mX&3L&£L£LJLx Ji *?A J&S&M after newest patterns, Russian At5D wash ribbon, colors gray and ecru. No better par- $8
Wi F- ,' 1~ . JJ Bfi> l MJt!l l JL'J W.BjfliMM - blouse or Eton, lined with taf- snj&i, ment for double the money SI. OS B«
*?*4 |K£Tg|oBB||nrlwtgBJJggEMi^MiM feta silk, new gored flare skirt. V\5ot A SMALL QUANTITY CHILDREN'S ONEITA Ha
[pS BBE^mBMMJJ1J^^^^^^^^^^BHhbB lined with best nearsilk and cor- /&--iJjB?A COMBINATION SUITS, made of best Peruvian cot- *£l
made, not a single detail of 'l^^r^vM You'll never regret inspecting these at.' JJ5c m
/t?3 pjByPByyW^aBB SJffJjWMBB W^S^^B^BW^^BJJ^g "® * ' * *~ vAU, %J E S I T32ar r Vik^W J* Ft / C £ S T H A T S Lf R F* Ft I & E
'}<H ITEMS MIICI IfJ IIMnCDU/CAD nCD'T LADIES' FLANNELETTE GOWNS, mads of b«st M
£fl FROM OUR mUOLIIi UllULnifLAn UCr It quality striped flannelette, front tucked and trimmed gti
Wcjs Hunk , I _ T __, -.„_._,.,.,. . . . . . with revers of solid color, collar and cuffs also solid fM
TiM WBJ^SWigqfe*^a^^gwMaB™B8E|a LADIES MUSLIN DRAWERS, made of best colors and trimmed with dainty feath- <*^>>v ts
i/«3 KMgpKBB^B^a^y^-^**^ 1^^^ £5 foz*n LADIES' DRAWERS, made of heavy these Jl 60 gowns at 81.00 *V"v M
jp&a Ww^»^|flMBaHg^^fcfc^^|^HB quality soft bleached muslin, tucked and finished " . Jr' K WJ
*?tt Y!3£iB!Z$5££BttaimE!B6SF'^Pn f^r with lawn nifRe of torchon lace and insertion. The TUC IttT nt> k^lMflMA^ /*"C^iVi£*X
m EinFRDOWN ROBES ri0NALLY TOF RftRFNRFRO S e brt^ i <S.ft.vaf w 7 0 taS il^rl I
iM LlULnLIUllll nUULO PRICED. U Vrl-4 X\\JO1j1\ OJLjJLVUr we exerted ourselvea to repeat £S£*T-« E"<
&£ LADIES' EIDERDOWN LOUNGING ROBES AND n . n -_ . ~ the baj 8 ain - vW^k&i i$*\ K
EiS WRAPPERS, made of best quality wool eiderdown. 816 Market Street. They are made of best quality K^-O^S W^A 83
OM with cord and tassel, all lengths, extra wide, well * flannelette, ln Persian, Dresden \^<J>>^2J gL>J. • BJ
Eewed and finished. Colors red, pink, blue and laven- Phelan Bldg. Running Through to 11 O'Farrell. and figured effects, trimmed ir /\\ 'XW*, tl
trffl der - Investigation will show our prices are less than , with Bolid colors. Rosenbere's \ / I .\ \J>^ H
wholesale 82.75 ...-MAIL ORDERS SOLICITED.... way of selling O6c » • U^f fjWill Serve a Chicken Dinner.
The ladles of the Howard-street Meth
odist Church will serve a twenty-nve cent
hot chicken dinner in the parlors of the
church on Howard street, between Second
and Third, on Tuesday, November
20, between the hours of 11 a. m. and 2
p. m. -The dinner Is for the benefit of the
Ladles' Aid Society.
By unanimous vote of the Labor Coun
cil Secretary Kd ward Rosenberg was
elected a delegate to the American Fed
eration of I^abor, which will assemble In
Louisville, Ky., December 6. A. Dijeau
was elected to fill Rosenberg's place dur
ing his absence.. -¦¦*•<..¦-
Rosenberg a Delegate.
Karl Klosterman, clerk for Nathan,
Dohrmann & Co., who was arrested for
stealing clocks from the firm, was con
victed by acting Police Judge Barry yes
terday and sentenced to six months in the
County Jail.
Dishonest Clerk Sentenced.
BREAKS A WINDOW
AND STEALS A WATCH
i John J. Moran, a Tinsmith, Commits
I a Bold Daylight Robbery on
| Kearny Street.
John J. Horan. who gives his occupation
as a tlnsmrth, committed a bold robbery
j on Kearny street about 4 o'clock yester
| day afternoon while the thoroughfare was
j crowded with shoppers and others. He
j stopped a moment In front of J. Slacow
sky's Jewelry store. 211 Kearny street, and
then pulling an iron spike out of his
pocket broke the window. He quickly in-
Berted his hand and deftly lifting a watch
from the peg on which it was suspended
ran north along the street. <
Leo Trumbly. one of the salesmen, and
Robert Abrams. the office boy. started In
pursuiL They soon overtook Moran, and
throwing him down held him until Police
man P. McGrayan came along. Moran
was taken to the City Prison, where he
was booked for crand larceny and ma
licious mischief. The watch and Iron spike
were booked as evidence against him
After the handcuffs were taken off his
wrists at the prison he showed tight and
It took three officers to land him in a cell
LEAVENWORTH, Kans., Nov. 17.— Two
of the convicts, Kstell and Cravens, who
escaped from the State penitentiary Fri
day afternoon, are still at large, having
eluded a cordon of guards and escaped
from a barn in which they had been sur
rounded.
Last night they succeeded in evading
the officers and went to Brighton, where
they hid in the barn of Robert Moore.
This afternoon Mrs. Moore entered the
barn and saw the convicts. Leaving her
little boy to watch, she started -for a
neighbors and met some of the prison
guards, whom she told where the men
were. The guards sent for assistance and
began firing into the barn, which was
completely riddled with buckshot. Not
being able to force the convicts out, a
handkerchief saturated with coal oil and
lighted was thrown into the barn from the
shelter of a nearby crib, and in a few mo
ments the barn was a sheet of flames.
Nothing was seen of the convicts, and
unless they are burled under the burning
hay they have made their escape.
Peace officers from the city have gone
to aid In running the men down and all
guards have been armed with- Krag-Jor
gensen carbines,, obfalned from the Fed
eral prison at Fort Leavenworth. . ;
Edward P. Vlnlng, superintendent of the
Market Street Railway Company, is a
deep student and is able to devote some
time to the. history of the Pacific Coast
besides attending to his manifold duties
as one of the executive officers of the
leading transportation companies of this
city.
In the year JS85 Vlnlng published a work
entitled "An Inglorious Columbus," • in
which he sought to prove that the Pacific
Coast was visited by a party of Buddhist
monks from Afghanistan in the early part
of the fifth century. The work showed
exhaustible research by the writer, but
was never treated seriously.
Recently some American army officers
have unearthed ancient records in Peking
showing - that the Chinese discovered
America 1500 years ago. The Chinese
when they visited this country erected
temples in the State of Sonora, Mexico.
One of the large stones recently found In
the- ruins was covered with Chinese char
acters, which were partially deciphered by
a learned Chinese who visited the ruins
at the urgent request of the Mexican
Government.
Quotations from Vintages book are as
follows: •
The earliest Spanish travelers and explorers
heard of foreign merchants who had landed
upon the northwestern coast of America, and
even claimed to have seen fragments of a
Chinese ship.
• • p
More than a century ago there spranu up a
school, of critics who disputed the unanimous
testimony of the ecclesiastics, the soldiers and
the historians who first witnessed the remark
able civilization of Mexico. No such arts,
customs or religions were found elsewhere in
America. . .
It has long been claimed 1 that the In
dians of the State of Sonora are the de
scendants of these Chinese settlers. They
possess many traditions and characteris
tics of the Chinese. If the report of the
finding of these records in Peking Is veri
fied an expedition will be formed to go
down to Mexico and further explore the
ancient temples of the State of Sonora.
Army Officers in Peking
Find Ancient Records
, About Mexico.
VERIFY VINING'S
CONTENTION
Escapes From Kansas State
Penitentiary Still at
Large.
HUNTED CONVICTS
ELUDE PURSUERS
The late Creed Haymond, famous as a
lawyer and politician and man of wealth,
created on the Bella Vista ranch in San
Mateo County a. country seat, where he
6ought rest from business.
After Mr. Haymond's death the prop
erty was purchased by Henry H. Davis,
the well-known attorney, of 420 California
street, San Francisco. The profuse oil
seepages on the ranch were known to
Mr. Haymond, and he often spoke of de
velopment., but nothing was done in that
line until Mr. Davis acquired the prop
erty. Recent Investigations by oil ex
perts determined , Mr. Davis to organize
the Bella Vista oil syndicate, comprising
well-known San Francisco and Kansas
City business men and capitalists. The
president of the company Is Dr. A. E.
Keumelster of Kansas City: first vice
president is Henry II. Davis of San Fran
clscp. Chas. F. O'Brien of . Kansas City
is secretary. The assistant secretary and
manager Is Thomas Gilbert of this city,
a practical oil man of many years' expe
rience.
The Bella Vista oil syndicate opened a
beautiful office last Monday morning on
the first floor of the Bush-street side of
the Mills building, where stock is on sale,
and where prospectuses and full Informa
tion may be had.
The capital stock Is $1,500,000. the shares
$1 each, par value. A limited amount of
stock is offered to Investors at 10 cents
per share. Offices have also been opened
at Kansas City.
It Is proposed to begin at once to'de
velop the Bella Vista ranch, the entire
1200 acres of which Is believed to be first
class oil territory. The property is eight
een miles west from Redwood City, Is
abundantly supplied with wood and wa
ter, and will at once become the seat of
active oil development. • •
THE BELLA
VISTA RANCH
A Famous Property That
Will at Once Become the
Scene of Extensive
Oil Operations.
statement to the detectives and tho
woman was equally reticent. By an acci
dent Reynolds discovered that Walker
was Waldron's assailant. Waldron then
admitted the fact, but said he would posi
tively decline to prosecute him if he were
arrested.
The detectives started out to find
WaJker. and about 5 o'clock he was lo
cated in a saloon at Powell and Ellis
streets. He was taken to the City Prison
and locked up In "the tanks," but later
a charge of assault to murder was booked
against him. In the afternoon he was
released on $1000 bonds. He also refused
to make any statement, saying that he
and Waldron were friends and he would
not talk till the proper time arrived. He
pretended that he was drunk at the time
and that was all there was to it, but De
tective Reynolds says he was quite sober
when arrested.
Waldron's friends assert that there was
evidently a plot laid to Induce him to
give up money, as the woman bears the
reputation of-beinsr of a crafty nature and
liable to concoct Just sqch a scheme, but
Walker's assault with the knife spoiled
the plot. Altl'ouph blamlnp the woman,
they exonerate Walker from being a
party to any attempt at blackmail.
leased the Morettl place near Guadaiupe
Lake ajid H. E. Peterson and others have
the Pezzoni ranch under lease. There ax©
reported also to be several other invest
ments in view. It is only within tho last
few months that capitalists have put
money into the development of the oil re
sources of this section. The finding of oil
In the first well has encouraged investors
in other properties in the vicinity. Preemi
nent men from the large fields of the
State are in daily evidence as visitors.
There is a revival of operations on. the
ocean at Summerland. The Marine Oil
Company and the Santa Barbara Oil Com
pany have taken advantage of the deci
sion which permits the building: of
wharves and already have new structures
reaching out into the blue waters. The
Duquesne has a flowing new well In the
ocean at a depth of 340 feet, according to
the report forwarded.
Some disappointment has been Expe
rienced at the failure to find the main
body of oil in the vicinity of Arroyo
Grande in San Luia Oblspo County.
In Los Angeles the Rosedale Cemetery
Association is about to drill for oil.
THE VICTIM AND THE'" WO
MAN IN WHOSE ROOM, THE
CUTTING OCCURRED. -i
MILO WALDRON, one of the pro
prietors of the Majestic saloon
on Market street, was attacked
with a knife by William Walker
in room 65 of the Palmerlce
House, 133 Ellis street, about 3 o'clock
yesterday morninff and cut four times on
the neck and back. None of the wounds
are serious. The room is occupied by a
woman known as Mabel Walker, who un
til recently lived with Walker, a well
known saloon-keeper of ' Los Angeles.
Walker has been in the city for several
weeks, and has been a conspicuous figure
In the "tenderloin" district where he met
the woman who assumed his name.
All the persons Interested are reticent as
to the cause of the attack upon Waldron.
From what could be learned Waldron re
ceived a note shortly after midnight ask
ing him to call at the woman's room. Ho
went there as soon as he could, and while
talking to the woman some one knocked
on the door. Waldron stepped toward
the door to open it, but was stopped by
the woman/ who said, "Billy must be on
the outside." The key had been removed
from the lock and Harry Ten Brock, tho
bellboy, inserted a pasa key and opened
the doer.
Walker was the person who had
knocked and he entered the room. He
does not have the use of his right hand,
as It is under treatment for some dis
ease, but in his left hand he had an- open
Jackknife. He started in to abuse Wal
dron for being In the woman's room, and
Waldron told him to put away the knife
and not make a fool of himself. Walker
rushed at Waldron and cut him four
times. Bue Irwin. who occupies the ad
joining room, heard the Walker woman's
screams, and when she went in to see
what was the matter Walker was closinp
the knife with his left hand and remarked
to Waldron, "Now you can go to a hos
pital."
Walker then ran from th<? room, fol
lowed by the bellboy, who chased him to
the Leepalmer House, where he has a
room. He eluded the bellboy by passing
out by the rear door. The bellboy re
turned to the Palmerlec House and tele
phoned to police headquarters.
Detectives Reynolds and Halley were on
duty and they hurried to the Palmerlee.
By that time a physician had been sum
moned and Waldron's wounds had been
dressed. Waldron refused to make a
BIG EARNINGS
OF SOUTHERN
PACIFIC SYSTEM
Annual Report Filed With
the State Railroad
Commissioners.
Special Reference Is Made in Regard
to Wages Paid Employes — De
ficit of 8695,649 From
Operations.
?
The belated annual statement of the
Southern Pacific* reached the office of the
State Commissioners yesterday afternoon
after the board had three times sent let
ters to the New York office reminding
the company that the time for filing its
statement had long since elapsed. With
the filing of the report of the Southern
Pacific all the big roads have been heard
from and work will now be begun in
earnest on the annual statement of the
Commlspioners.
1 According to the statement the total
earnings of the Pacific system for the
year ending June 30 were as follows:
PafsenKer revenue. F13.853.S60: freight. IIS.
o:s.3:6: total -passenger and freight earnings.
J44.25O.eS2. Other pources bring the grand to
tal grcss earnings from operation up to $43,
061. «C0.
Total operating expenses of the Pacific
system:
Maintenance of way and structures. $3,737.
63; maintenance of equipment. $4,930,993; con
ducting tran»i>ortation. $15,713,443: general ex
penses. $1,057,322: grrand total. $27,433,389. The
wae C0.89.
Total number of employes:. 22,527; total sala
ries of employes, J17.202.TCS.
An explanatory note is given in con
nection with the employment of labor,
which is pertinent in view of the pending
negotiations between the company and Us
trainmen. The note says:
Wages of eniririermn and firemen are not
raid on a daily ba*is. They are paid princi
pally on a mileage rate which varies under dif
ferent circumstances, and on different parts of
the system the rate of avtrase dally compen
sation of englnemen Is »5 13. firemen $2 93. con
ductors %K 09, switchman $2 72. and these fig
ures may be considered as the average dally
earnings of the men.
The total number of passengers carried
and earning revenue was 22,911,564. The
number of tons of freight carried and
earning revenue was S.763.7S2. The num
ber of miles run by passenger trains (Pa
cific system) was 9,7?3.974; freight, 12.275,-
S29. The largest freight tonnage was in
fruit and vegetables, amounting to SCS,036
tons, or 8.29 per cent.
The casualty list for the year Includes
14 employes killed and 143 injured. There
wore 10 passengers killed and 64 injured:
others, trespassing or not trespapsin^,
bring the total killed up to 75; lniured, 91.
The company's assets are as follows:
Cash. $2,801,844; bills receivable. $370,856; due
from agents, $1,153,600: due from solvent com-
panles and Individuals, $1,137,922; other cash
a vet*, excluding materials and supplies. Jl.
06S.206: United States Government transporta
tion, J2.3y.lS7; total. J9.336.S98.
The above assets do not include equip
ment; materials and supplies, etc.
Liabilities: Due proprietary companies, $4.
076.456; loans and bills payable. I7.406.76S; audlt
f-d vouchers and accounts, $1,849,946; wages and
salaries, $2,611,491; net traffic balances due to
other companies. J30S.6S2; dividends not called
for. $12,173: matured Interest coupons unpaid,
JI.009.3S5: unadjusted accounts, J1.920.5S4: mis
cellaneous, $S,HS,S56; total current liabilities.
$23,444,226.
The gross earnings from operation were
$50.1*5,971: less operating expenses, 530,
610,919, and income from operation, $19,575,
052.
The report shows a deficit of JR95.549
from operations after deducting the Inter
est paid on funded debt, rents paid for
lease of roads, taxes, permanent improve
ments and other deductions.
The oil men of California, having ac
cepted an invitation from the California
Miners' Association to attend the conven
tion about to be held in this city, the op
portunity is excellent for a general dis
cussion of the grievances of the oil pro
ducers. The oil producers complain that
transportation rates are very high. They
are aware -that the "scrippers" are not
dead, notwithstanding the setback they
have Judicially received. They are. In
terested in such mining legislation as may
be proposed. From Los Angeles, Kern,
Fresno, Ventura, Santa Barbara and sev
eral other counties they are ' coming to
San Francisco to counsel with the other
miners and to take part in shaping the
proceedings of the California Miners'
Convention. Men who have been exten
sively connected with mineral production
are now also -largely identified with the
oil-producing Industry.
There are many propositions which the
oil producers are seriously considering.
Some sections are yet without rail trans
portation facilities and this has given
rise to talk about pipe lines. The petro
leum miners in the counties north of Te~.
hachapl have already, demonstrated thei
richness of many fields and exploitation is
beginning, with more or less capital back
of it, in other localities. The current
week bids fair to make history for the oil
producing industry of California.
People in . Southern California have
heard of the acquisition of oil lands by the
Standard Oil Company, of which mention
has been made in The Call. The Los An
geles Herald says:
The Standard, with an ey» to business, as
is Its habit, has waited until California has
proven Itself an oil producing: State of no
small degree before showing any desire to have
a hand in the business. That the Standard
Oil Company will be doing business In the
State on -an extensive scale within the next
two years, both as a buyer and producer, there
seems no doubt. Opinions differ as to the
effect it will have. Some prominent oil men
of the State stand In mortal . terror lest tha
entire -business be gobbled up and the poor
producer ground out of existence. Others, an.1
especially the . Kern ¦ River . operators, see no
cause for worry. Certain it is that (or tht
best interests of the Industry there should be
some system In the way of marketing the pro
duct, whether the Standard Oil Company fur
nish the system, or some other large corpora
tion with equal facilities. As a general prop
osition the producers in California are indif
ferent, acting on the assumption that the State
is large enough for even the Standard -Oil
Company to do business In without injuring
the prospects of every Individual well owner. -
There was a large slump in the new
production of the oil fields of Pennsyl
vania for the month of October. The
number of wells completed was 766
and 182 were failures. The new produc
tion of the month amounted to 11,565 bar
rels. On October 31 there were reported
464 rigrs and 706 drilling: wells under wav,
which was a falling oft in new wells of 30
as compared with the September record.
President Crane of the California Pe
troluem Miners' Association will probably
soon complete the committee of seven
which la to call upon the Southern Pacific
and Santa Fe Railway companies to ask
for a new rate for the moving of crude
petroleum. General Hart, who has been
appointed chairman of the committee, has
expressed the opinion that It will be pos
sible to secure a 30-cent rate, approxi
mately 25 per cent of the value of the
product, for moving it.
The oil interests around Santa Maria
are reported by. letter to have received
quite an Impetus during the last week.
A correspondent reports that oil has been
found in the Western Union Company's
well on the Carriaga ranch, and that the
Graciosa Company has completed a der
rick and houses on the Harris ranch ad
joining, Five cars of machinery and cas
ing for the Clampitt Bros.' Company are
at the Hartnell ranch at Graciosa, The
TlUman Company has constructed a der
rick at the Underhill ranch at Los Ala
mos. The Casmalia Ranch Oil and Devel
opment Company has started to drill on
the Tognazzlnl ranch. "Work is about to
be resumed on the Commercial Union well
In the Foxen Canyon, which is down
about 500 feet. On the Buell ranch the
operating company has a fishing job on
hand. The De Greet Company on the
Cojo.has resumed operations. Selections
have been made for sites for the erection
of H53 on the Ellzalde ranch, which has
been leased by the Elizalde Oil Company
of Los Angeles. John A. Bunting has
On the Eve of Proceedings Which
Are Certain to Provide Im
pulse for tli©
Future.
Ready With Delegations to
Attend Convention of
the Miners.
OIL PRODUCERS
HAVE ISSUES OF
MUCH INTEREST
THE SAN- FRANCISCO CAKL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 18. 1900.
WALDRON IS STABBED
IN A WOMAN'S ROOM
Saloon-Keeper Murderously Assaulted by
William Walker of Los Angeles.
22
Elegant Suits to Order
$35 to $5O
Completely lined with silk and
of a most supertor grade of eoods,
w Fit and workmanship gear*
anteed.
Stylish Suit to Order
$25.00
Silk lined Jacket and material
of very fine quality.
Tailor-Made Suits
The fit and style of our order
Suits cannot bs excelled, even by
exclusive tailors at
$2O and $25
a suit more.
HOUSE.
THE
BLACK GOODS
1106 Market Street.
TELEPHONE SOUTH 473.
DR.MQNULTY.
n*HI3 WELL-KNOWN AND RKLIA RLE OLD
L Sppcliill.stcnre*Blood Poison, Ooncrrhoen.nieet,
Stricture, Seminal Weakness. Impotence and their
silled Disorders. Book on Discuses of Men, frt»-».
OvpriOrearVexper'ence.TprnM reasonable. Hours,
9to3daiIy;6:30to9.30ev'Ks..SandaT*.10to 12. Omsal-
tationfreeanil sacredly confidential. Call of address
P. KOSCOE M«XCLTT, 31. D.
86>; Kearny St., »au Francisco, CiL
Dr. Wm. Botsford. 1170 Market «t.. notl-
I flea his patients that he has returned. •
Ladies' tailor-made . suits, silk skirts, fur
capes; liberal credit. M. Rothschild, (26 Butter.*
•The Argentine Republic exported ionly
205,105 boles of wool last 'year as against
287.479 In 1898. . *:
AH your, money refunded by any dealer lf_not
satisfied with a smoke of the " "American"
clear Havana cigar. •
Trunks & traveling bags. Before buylrig see
our "bureau trunk." A. B. Smith Co., 128 Ellis.*
Trapper's Oil cares rheumatism and nsuralrla.
DruKKlsts, E0c flask. Richards Se Co.. 4M Clay.*
Sherman, Clay & Co.
Steinway Piano Dealers,
Cor. Keamy and Butter ets.. B. F.
Cor. 52th and Broadway. Oakland.
Cor. Park & Washington, Portland.
711 Second avenue. Seattle.
of the Gnju Opera Company,
whose sinking: in "Aida" last
Wednesday and "Lohencrin"
last nipht so charmed the peo-
ple of ' San Francisco.* has
written Steinway & Sons as
follows:
I have a Btp'.nway rlj.no In my
house in 2>adon and cm using on*
h»re.
Thfre !s nothlrr that can be said
about the' Etelnway that has not
?>»en eaid a thousand time* before.
It ccrtaini! all excellencies
lil^IAN NORDICA.
Nordica will sing in
"Don Giovanni on next
Tuesday nl&ht and in
"Lcs Huguenots" on Fri-
day night.
Many other members of the
Grau Opera Company per-
sonally indorse the Steinway.
You are cordially invited to
visit the Steinway salesrooms
of Sherman. Clay & Co.. who
are the Pacific Coast dealers.
Steinways arc sold on easy
payments when desired.
Perf onnance for Church Benefit.
A festival ent^rtainment for the bene-
fit of the First English Lutheran Church,
Kev. E. Xolander, pastor, will be held in
the lower hall of the church building, on
Geary street, between Gouph and Octavia.
every evening- next week. Sunday except-
=-d. It will be a novel affair. The title ln-
Jicates that, for It is "Melllcoe's Meta-
•norphoFPd Metachronistic Medley." The
=cene portrayed is the interior of a select
'amily boarding-house. Two years afro a
¦imilar brnrfit was given and it was a
SToat success.
ST. GERMAIN
BILLIARD COMPANY,
409 Market Street,
SAN FRANCISCO.
Manufacturers of
Standard Billiard and Pool Tables.
Lr.cer and Pteam Beer Pumps.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
&*i?> VERY LATEST
fl^^FL Straight Front,
V^7 J Hand- Made
I ( SAPPHIRE
/ii CORSETS
lOiS^ $3.00 to $15.00
V^W/A PEK PAIR.
/T% 10 Gearu St.,
// A jrl CORNER KBJLRNT.
fc^/ V ' CHESTER F.WRIGHT,
J^L^Jl Royal Worcester Cor.
s*t-Fitttiis Parlors.
Used in fte Me j/cdf Departments of the
U.S. ARMY $NAVY Service
William Wolff $ co.
"San Francisco, distributors.
Sfwart eftmitati'ont o* rtjiiied Bottles
\tbc perfection 6f/
i BDTTLKIAJ t(<E DJEmLERY
13OI-13O7 Market Street.
CHAS.M.PLUM&CO.
OUR ENTIRE LINE OF
ORIENTAL . RUGS, CAR-
PCTS AND CURTAINS AT
25 %
DISCOUNT
From Regular Prices.
SPECIALS THIS WEEK.
125 TAPESTRY TABLE COVERS, In a YdPletn Of new
designs, all the latest colorings, heavu fringe all
around, size 8-4x8-4.
$4.5O Each.
100 pairs WHITE MISSION BLANKETS, full size and
extra heaYD weight.
$6.OO Pair.
EXTRA SPECIAL.
50 FINE EIDERDOWN COMFORTERS, COYered With
Printed French Sateen and Corded Edges.
$5.OO Each.
Our Mall Order Department Is most complete^
All orders for samples or goods filled and
shipped the same dan then are received.
200 pairs FINE IRISH POINT CURTAINS, In loth
Cream ana Pure White, odd. lots or 2, 3 and 4
palps each.
$1O.5O Pair-.
75 pairs TAPESTRY PORTIERES, full length and
width, In Reds, Blues, Greens and Browns, hand-
some fringes top and hottom.
$4.56 Pair-.
Ill, 113, 115. 117, 119, 121 POST STREET,
CURTAINS.
BLANKETS.
TABLE COVERS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
R. T. KENNEDY COMPANY,
( ~
C»sh 0; Llttls ¦*. % Tlas.
BOX LOUNGES
FOR SI0.00
Covered with damask, tapestry,
vclour and silk plush. A great
line at various prices, and all
the lowest in San Francisco.
1 THE J. NOONAN
FURNITURE COMPANY. Inc.. - |
I 1017-1023 MISSION STREET [
Phone South 14. Above 6th, San Fnneljco. <
Sohmer Pianos
are in 30,000 American homes
today. The best American musi-
cians sing their praises from Maine
to California. Money cannot in-
fluence such testimonials as these.
Nothing can buv such spontaneous
spproval as has been given the
Sohmer Piano during its test of the
past thirty years. Its a home
p:ano and not a money bought
"artist's favorite."
Byron Mauzy
I Sole Agents
SOHMER PIAXOS
3c 8 Post Street, San Francisco
I SPECIAL MILLINERY 1
I yrixKlIiu. I
JH Our Millinery Department will be of more than |w
j|l usual interest this week. \ pel
|| We propose to place on sale a selection of winter hats ||
H| at $5.00 and $6.00 each, which will be the handsomest 1
£9 we have ever offered the people of San Francisco at- this g
M . The styles are very new, the variety is great, there a
H will be no trouble in selecting a becoming hat, and the |1,
M cost will be about one-third of what other stores ask. |j
|| It is a very important event, and you cannot fa
H afford to miss it. The sale starts tomorrow morning! |||
1 $5 and $6 Each. 1
B « Flannel Waists, Straight Front ,^§1^ B
M " Exclusive styles. COrSGtS. (v^lT -'W' H
Ea The prettiest waists worn ¦ N.yi5i.. **" £vi\\ H
HI In San Francisco all seem The "La Premiere" Is ths . / iaf- — •wK' K|
S to come from this store. We best French- American corset /.Api" '^11 SB
MC have made a specialty of _.„,»,. T * »._. -n h. t_. ¦ / /T- if >J wsk
5 them, particularly. the gath- made> " has a " the chlc / f\ ( M 'IS
|R erlnfr of exclusive etyles, one an d beauty and grace of the / /Z^vwv, ~*(\ IS
6 or two of a kind, and have Parisian corset and all ths / l(''$t<i~Vt \ fefl
B S»nn1vfne" t£ 8 '• w" "££. «J£ comfort and ease and dura- ( A»33**t^£* M
»i supplying . the beet dressed bllltv of tho Wrlmn -,,. V Gfl
S women In th% city with most S T It lT fitted ,£ '^^ M
| of their new waists; $3.50 American fleu J«f i.Sn.Tl.-S \iW3f ffl
K tn kt ka m .i, . . American nsures, nand-madt Xyv-jiVf I WA
m S?ECTA^-To-morrow we ' ™* flt^^hrou^hout wft I S
i a Vr? 8 °r4cfa a i n prlceTtlI up %«£« and •»•«& /^^il\ J 1
m to $2 50 each: your choice Pl eacn> ' ' ffif
Kg from the entire . assortment. All corsets 91. OO up fitted ¦¦ *• - f<V 88
H 91. SO eftch. >:-•¦:, ,.*Y expert fitters. y ' H
rRJl Davis 4? (§; IIt has ever been my good fortune to hear.
The scene at the church door fairly lifts
one from one's feet/ so full of spirit, fire
and life was !t, and the favorite march
was given In heroic fashion.
To cee "Lohengrin" thus given Is to feel
as if the pathetically beautiful dreams of
childhood were come true — a fairy tale
come to life. The knight of the holy
grail — or white swan. It makes no differ
ence—conr.es royally down the river to the
rescue of the distressed princess, clad in
all his silver a:mor. His inevitable love
for the princess and her final fatal cu
riosity, the awful "unhappy ending" of
the story, the jealous cousins, all are
there, clothed in cloth of gold, and an ut
most splendor of scenic surroundings.
The principals, inspired perhaps to best
effort by the appreciative atmosphere of
the house, outdid themselves. What a no
ble Nordica It was In the part of Elsa.
Here is her place, for nothing less than
the greatest, Wagner, calls forth the best
Jn her voice and heart. Mme.- Nordica has
studied uie role during the last year with
Mme. Wagner at Bayreuth. and shows
the effect of her most excellent training.
She looks the part every Inch and acts
with power and conviction.
The Ortrud, Mme. Schumann-Heink,
new to us before last evening, is a won
der. One thing most noticeable was the
marked similarity between the quality of
her lighter voice and that of Nordlca's.
It was all but impossible to tell when one
singer began and the other ended. Mme.
Schumann-Heink has a marvelously full,
rich, abundant voice, colorful to a degree,
extraordinarily sweet and expressive to
the last luxuriant thread of it. She acts,
too, with passion and power, and pos
sesses In a high degree the difficult art of
declamando.
She has the "grand air." too, which
seems to be characteristic of most of Mr.
Grau's artists, and wears her royal robes
as to the manner born. Her duet with
Elsa, in which she taunts and twits' the
hapless Princess with her prospective
husband's apparent lack of a grandfather,
was a marvel of suggestion, her voice
changing chameleon fashion with each
dominating emotion. Mme. Schumann-
Heink is a great singer.
Van Dyck was delightful as Lohengrin.
He sang a little doubtfully at first, but
warmed to his work and gave us a fine
rendering of the sliver knight's part. His
entrance, first winning about the river
on his swan ship, which waa manipulated
without any of the usual dot-and-carry
one effect with which we are haplessly
familiar— was a most effective affair, and
throughout he Is a picturesque and im
pressive figure.
Telramund was. splendidly sung and
acted by Mr. Blspham. Though his vole©
lacks the last fineness, it has that which
counts even more heavily in the score, a
kind of heart-reaching quality, a rare ar
dor and tender fiber, and his Telramund
was nobly played.
Edouard de Reszke was the king
imagine the cast!— and his big, abounding,
pnul-satlsfying basso played a royal part.
Mr. Muhlmann did good service as "der
Heernfer des Koenigs."
This reads rather like an adjectival de
bauch, a long descent into the sin of the
superlative, but to those who were
"among those present." if such chance to
read, I am eure the one quality most ap-
parent will be Its exquisite moderation!
To-night Nordica will be again heard In
the favorite "Trovatore," with Mr. Dippel
as Manrico, and Mme. Olitzka as Azu
cena. The performance will be in eveiy
respect equal to those of the week-day
programmes, and the prices will be from
one to three dollars a seat.
The best house of the season so far
greeted Donizetti's "Lucia" yesterday aft
ernoon at the Grand Opera-house with the
divine Melba in the name role, and the
frank melodiousness of the old Italian
was surely never better given, nor more
heartily enjoyed.
Melba surpassed herself. She acted
with a fine and delicate art for which
only such conception as her Marguerite
could have prepared one. She was the
loving, palpitating, fearful girl, caught In
the mesh of cruelest circumstances; a ten
der and pathetic figure. And, strangely
enough, the Edgardo was irresponsive,
timid and cold, yet not strangely, for it
must severely tax the singer whose voice
must come in close harmonious competi
tion with the marvelous note of Melba.
Her voice suggests as no other voice the
word "purfect." It is the voice of which
one has! dreamed, dropping the "silver
chain of sound of many links without a
break." It Is as the "lark who at heav
en's gate sings,"' crystal clear, each note
pure as a pearl, from the merest silken
thread of a sound, to a round, full, vic
torious note of an infinite deliciousness
of satisfaction.
The suggestion of technique in the con
nection seems a fallacy and a supersti
tion, yet it must be remembered that here
to nature has been added perfect art, that
highest art which conceals art. She has
a wonderful staccato, drip-dripping Its
light, an'd liquid note into the harmonious
chalice of the orchestra or flying sheerly
heavenward, where the angels probably
make it over for home consumption. The
twinkling turns, trills, roulades of the
"mad scene," with a perfect sympathy of
flute accompaniment, were rapturously
applauded, curtain call after curtain call
to the tune of eight or ten being de
manded.
Mr. Cremonini. the Edgardo of the cast,
was also accorded a very full share of
applause, more particularly for his work
in the last act, which, though constantly
interrupted by an insistent and irritating
accompaniment by the able-bodied voice
of a prompter, was yet a musically satis
fying performance. Cremonini's voice has
a certain rugous quality, but it Is of sym
pathetic timbre, and he has a good, clear
exeoution. His acting is self-conscious
and lacking in authority, but there was
evidence of dramatic power in .the mar
riage scene, though In the last scene the
artist was at his best.
As Enrico Ashton, Mr. Campanari
showed himself a very efficient substitute
for Mr. Scotti, who was indisposed. His
concerted work with Melba was distin
guished by a fine discretion and ail ex
cellent sympathy. Mr. Bars was a manly
Arturo. and Mr. Journet did rood service
as RaJmondo. The "Infelice^' 'was well
given, but not to astonishment, and the
famous sextet was splendidly rendered.
The orchestra, under Mr. Mancinelli'*
direction, was Just where it should be, a
luminous, shifting: background, a pervad
ing perfume, an atmosphere rather than
an accompaniment. . . ; v
MME. SCHUMANX-HEINK. WHOSE SPLENDID SINGING IN "LOHEN
GRIN" LAST XIGHT WAS A REVELATION TO THE GREAT AUDI
ENCE THAT FILLED THE GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
BANNER IS
GIVEN TO ITS
NEW KEEPERS
Alameda County Re
publicansSurren-
der Trophy.
PARADE OF ALLIANCE
Jollification Meeting at the
Rooms of the Union
League Club. .
Harry Melvln delivered a short and
witty address on behalf of the allianco.
Samuel M. Shortridge spoke in a like vein.
Attorney General Tlrey L. Ford made the
closing speech of the evening.
I «m sorry that Alameda County has lost the
banner. As a San Franciscan I am devilish
glad that San Francisco got It. We say we
wonder at the vote of California and the vote
of San Francisco. It should have surprised.
no man and will not cause you to wonder when
you look back and remember how little the
common enemy had to say against the admin
istration. In no campaign haa there .been so
little personal assault or criticism of the de
tails of administration.
The grand old party must be careful in the
future There Is a great deal to be done. The
trusts which they talk so much about— they,
the great corporations, owe their existence to
law and can be controlled by law. In these
years to come we shall regulate them in so far
as they stifle free competition. We shall take
care of Porto Rico and Cuba. The difficulties
we met with in Hawaii have paased and the
beautiful islands are thoroughly Americanized.
Will It be bo with the Philippines? Had the
treaty of Paris been promptly approved, thero
would- have been no mushroom . insurrection
headed by Agulnaldo. We shall take care of
the Philinplnes. And over all will wave this
flag the emblem of every blessing.
If I were a resident of Alameda County,
possessed of the usual Alamedan's greed for
the rood things in the way of public office. I
would feel no envy of San Francisco, but re
joice with her in the majority she gave Mc-
Klnley. I desire to express the thanks of my
colleagues to the Republican clubs for the loy
alty that has made possible our great Republi
can victory.
General W. H. L. Barnes spoke as fol
lows:
Colonel George Stone, chairman of the
State Central Committee, was the next
speaker. He paid:
This flag: represents the fidelity of Republi
cans whose memory will always be cherished
bv the party in this State: men whom I typify
when I mention the late Senator Denison and
the late Warden Hale. It represents not alone
the votes cast, but the work done and the Joy
that uplifts the crest of Republicans over their
great victory-
President Booth responded briefly on be
half of the club. The Union League Club
quintet sang a Fong about "When the flag
comes home."
Senator-elect R. S. Lukens. acting presi
dent of the alliance, was introduced In the
absence of the president. Felton Taylor.
He explained the conditions under which
the" banner is held, and that there should
be no misunderstanding In future he read
a deed of trust, in which those conditions
were stated. Continuing, he said:
It behooves us to accept this trophy with be
coming modesty, with a feeling that it is less
of a distinction to have won it now than a
reproach that we have not had it before. Mr.
President of the Union League Club, I now
have the honor to place this banner in your
keeping.
Alfred Bouvler, chairman of the County
Central Committee, accepted the banner
on behalf of the Republicans of San Fran
cisco. He said:
We are here to celebrate this evening: with
appropriate ceremony an event of great Im
portance to San Francisco and the State. It
is an event which proves that San Francisco
is fairly entitled to th« banner for fidelity to
the principles of Republicanism. We congratu
late you on the splendid majority you fjave to
the statesman, soldier, diplomat— William Mc-
Kinley. We feel also that Alamedi County,
with its smaller majority of 7647. has something
of which to be proud. We leave the banner
here feeliner certain that two years hence we
v/111 win it back.
A committee consisting of A. G. Booth,
A. S. Mangrum, D. E: McKlnlay, Samuel
Hendy, W. M. Abbott and Tlrey L. Ford,
directors of the Union League Club, and
J. F. McGlynn, secretary of the County
Central Committee,' accompanied by a
band, met the visitors at the ferry depot.
The officers of the alliance were taken
into carriages and the parade formed and
proceeded up Market street to the Palace
Hotel. The uniformed and torch-bearing
members of the alliance, with their color
bearer in the lead and after him a corps
of buglers, marched once around the Pal
ace court and then into the rooms of the
Union League Club, where they formeo.
three sides of a hollow square in front of
the speakers' platform. Behind them
prominent Republicans of San Francisco
gathered until no more standing room was
left in the clubrooms.
A.' G. Booth, president of the Union
League Club, called the meeting to order,
and Dr. George C. Pardee was introduced
to speak in behalf of the alliance. He
said In part:
The Oakland Republican" Alliance had a
painful duty to perform last night, but
the stalwarts from across the bay did it
with a grace and good fellowship begot
of their confidence that two years hence
the conditions would be reversed. They
surrendered the silken banner ,to the Re
publicans of San Francisco, but every
man of their speakers gave fair warning
that they intended winning it back by
surpassing San Francisco's Republican
majority at the next election.
Tho banner was brought over from Oak
land in state. The alliance, with eighty
men in uniform, had the custody of it,
and the most prominent Republicans of
Alameda County accompanied the proces
sion. A band was part of the parade of
the visitors.
One of Berwln & Gassner*s specials this
season Is a genuine London dyed sealskin
lacket, handsomely lined and finished,
1125 Other values equally as good are
offered by this reliable firm at 11(5 Kearny
street. • *
A Sellable House.
, Lifted thirty feet into the air with the
prongs of a hayhook fast in the flesh of
his right shoulder was the experience of
A Helser, a teamster for- the Morton
Draying Company, yesterday. Heiser
was delivering a load of hay : at Berry
and Seventh streets. •¦ W hen . about to
fasten the hayhooks on to a bale the
hooks slipped and one of the prongs
caught Helser in the fore part of the right
shoulder and he was Jerked . thirty feet
into the air before the hook tore through
the flesh and let him drop. He was taken
to the Receiving Hospital, where Dr. Dorr
dressed two severe lacerated wounds on
the shoulder.
Hoisted by a Hay Hook.
The United States Civil Service Com
mission announces an examination for
the position of Chinese watchman in the
customs- service in this. city. Applicants
should apply to I the secretary of the
board of examiners In the Custom-house
belore December 15.' l :".';:,-;-5
Chinese Watsiunan -Wanted.
By Blanche Partington.
San Francisco did Itself proud last night
et the grand opera with "Lohengrin". for
the menu. There was a crowded house,
a brilliant and most sensitively apprecia
tive audience, and the glitter of countless
diamonds, fher-n of white shoulders, royal
fur? and pric*>Ipfs laces to add grace and
lovc-'.iness To the festival.
A most rarely sensitive audience It was.
A corps of Bo'f-constituted censors of ap
plause took charge of affairs eulogistic.
and at every disposition on the part of
the cvor-^nthusiaFtic hearers to untimely
commendation, promptly hissed the un
fortunates into a wholesome silence. But
««.t every scrap of opportunity the storm of
epplause burst forth again, and well
might It be so. with perhaps the most
vonderful performance that this immortal
company has yet given.
There is but one Wagner, and Dam
rosch is his prophet! He has eminently
the Inner ser.Fe and spirit of the great
German master, and a continual wender
and delight is the orchestral work under
fc:s direction. And what marvelous place
the Warner orchestra fills. Like the old
<;reek chorus, foreshadowing, defining,
explaining the Inner spirit and outward
circumstance of every pregnant moment.
A full marriage is It. a rich warp and woof
of song and instruments, and with finest
precision is Its color, light and place here
valued. ' „
The work of the chorus is equally ad
mirable. A splendid attack, voice qual
ity volume, shading. It has. and last night
v-orked up to one of the most magnificent
climaxes— toward the first act's end— that
Marvelous Rendition of the
parlous Opera — Melba •
Sings Lucia.
TT AST night San Francisco
b awoke from a week of what
I seemed to be unintcrest in
the greatest musical and
artistic opportunity ever given to
the city in its history. For a week
the people of the city did not re
spond to the splendid call upon their
sympathies and their purses which
the Maurice Grau Opera Company
zvas making, but last night San
Francisco, in all its musical, ar
tistic and fashionable variety, re
deemed itself and gave token that
the traveling singers who have
come among us will not have come
in vain.
The opera was "Lohengrin"
better sung, better ¦ acted, better
staged and better interpreted in its
wonderful suggestion than ever
before in this city. The audience
was one zvhich crozc-ded the theater
to the roof. It li'as a fashionable
throng, quite as gorgeously gowned
as that of Monday night, quite as
representative of the best elements
of the city, but more enthusiastic,
less conscious of its gozvns and
jewels, and more sincerely in sym
pathy with what it had come to see
end hear.
It was attentive from the first
rustic of the curtain to the last
moan of the orchestra. It ap
plauded, "bravocd" cheered. It
commanded and was given time
after time curtain recalls, and
when it was all over it went out
into the rain well satisfied that it.
had paid tribute to men and
women who deserve the best which
San Francisco can give them.
Last night in the Grand Opera
house was one of the most brilliant
artistic triumphs in the history of
the city, and it is to be hoped that
it will be but the beginning of a
scries which will end only with the
engagement.
t *
LOHENGRIN IS
SPLENDIDLY SUNG
Nordica Scores as Elsa— Melba a Marvelous Lucia
ar\d 5cK\in\ar\i\-J4eir\k Is a ReVelatiorv.
"LOHENGRIN" FILLS THE GRAND
OPERA HOUSE TO THE DOORS
The sound of the hammer and the chuck
of the tampinc-block will awake the
<ohoes of Hunters Point to-morrow morn
!r.g. A contract for the erection of a raw-
Five drydock to take the place of the o»d
structure was recorded yesterday and
¦work on the new structure will begin at
once. The San Francisco Drydock Com
pany, successors to the California Dry
flock Company, has let a contract to the
City Street Improvement Company for
the building of the dock, the stipulated
price being 1404.000. To Insure the com
pletion of the dock within eighteen
months, that damage from loss of opera
tions may not accrue to the dock com
pany, the Improvement company has filed
a bond, with the Fidelity and Deposit
Compacy as surety, In tne sum of $202,
000. It Is expressly stipulated in the con
tract that work shall begin Immediately.
Plans for the excavations have been
completed— in fact, they are incorporated
In the contract, and men were on the
ground yesterday preparing for the re
moval of surface Improvements.
la addition to the fact that the new
dock will be modern In every respect, Its
dimensions will be ample to permit the
entrance of the largest passenger, freight
and battle ships afloat. The plans and
specifications, which were prapared by
Howard C. Holmes, engineer or the dry
dock company, and which will be execut
ed by Engineer Hynes of the improve
ment company, accompany the contract.
The dimensions and materials to be used
In the construction of the docK, as there
in set forth, are as follows:
Length from gate seat to coping at head,
750 feet: width at coping, 122 feet: width
at bottom. 74 feet; depth over sill below
coping, 32& feet. The facing of sides of
apprctfich, seat for caisson and apron arch
to be of cut granite: both sides of drydock
to have eleven altars at top and five at
bottom from a point 100 feet from gate
seat to within 150 feet of the head of dock;
keelson to be four feet in width; trans
verse sflls of 12x12 timber must be laid
from apron to head of dock, every ten
feet, on both sides of keelson; bilgeways
must be located at every transverse sill.
The open drains or gutterways on each
side of the dock to be eighteen inches
wide at bottom and nine inches deep, hav
ing a uniform grade to discharge tunnel,
and there must be a transverse • covered
drain from further side of dock- to'dla-
charge tunnel. The cement lining, walls
and altars will be additionally strength-'
ened with an interstitial web of expanded
metal, the amount required being 51,400
square feet.
Continuing, the contract reads:
"Engine and boiler houses, wharf ap
proaches, pumping plant and ail accesso
ries must conform to the specifications. .
On the second Tuesday of each month en
gineers for the' party of the first part (the
San Francisco Drydock Company) will ex
amlne-the work performed" and machinery'
installed by the construction • company,
and within two days thereafter there shall
be paid to the City Street Improvement
Company. 75 per cent of the value of the
work so performed and machinery in
stalled, and within thirty-six days after
the completion of the dock the balance re
maining duo and unpaid shall be paid.
"Time is of the essencelof this contract
and the parties agree' if 'the dock is not
completed within eighteen months from
date hereof damages will be suffered by
the party of -the. first part, and in the ab-
Bence of knowledge upon which to deter
mine what that loss will be the party of
the second' part' agreeb to pay $100 a day
for .each day from the -. expiration of
eighteen- months • until '• the "date of the
dock's completion,"
READY TO BEGIN THE CONSTRUCTION
OF A DRYDOCK OF GIGANTIC SIZE
The hearing in the Dubols contempt
case was continued * yesterday before
United States Commissioner Heacock.
Metson, the attorney, occupied the stand
during almost the entire day. • At the
close of the examination Pillsbury put
Attorney A. S. Halsted of Los Angeles
on the stand. to elicit from him what was
said during a conversation at which he
had been present and in which Attorney
Knight and a man named Reese, who had
made an affidavit reflecting on the char
acter of Judge Noyes, took part.
Ex-Congressman Geary commenced and
finished the cross-examination of Met
son. He failed, however, to elicit any
thing differing materially from the at
torney's evidence of the day previous.
"A man named Breslan," who had been
connected as canvasser with the Nome
water works, and subsequently did a lit
tle detective work for Metson, was the
central point about which Geary's exam
ination, revolved. It was elicited that
Breslan had put It about In Nome prior
to Judge Noyes' arrival there that tho
Judge was a most estimable man. Upon
the arrival of the steamer carrying Judge j
Noyes Breslan went out to meet him. On
his return he Informed inquirers that the
Judge had changed. He had grown long
hair, and did not seem to be a fitting,per
son to occupy the office, which he waa to
Cross-examination as to what had con
stituted the basis for Breslan's claim of
the Judge's friendship, Metson said that
he believed it to be based on the fact that
the latter and Breslan had been drunk
together in Minneapolis. , ,
It also transpired on cross-examination
that a detective in Metson's employ
named Crowley had occupied* rooms next
to those of Judge Noyes and had had the
latter under observation through perfora
tions in the dividing wall.
Geary directed his greatest efforts to
an endeavor to shake Metson's testimony
as to the manner in which the attorney
alleged the Jury-box in Judge Noyes
court had been stuffed With the names
of those adverse to his cause. This led
to some very Interesting information re
lating to Metson's system of using detec
tives, and the number and standing of the
"sour dough" community. In connection
with the latter, folk the witness was asked
If he knew. Sam Dunham, a poet, who
wrote what was known in the camp as
"sour dough" poetry. - Dunham .was at
the. time' a census enumerator and .be
tween intervals of work invoked the
muses in opposition to Metson's clients.
In this connection the witness was
asked: "Didn't you. know Sam Dunham
was the Census Marshal employed by the
Government, and that he forwarded a re
port to headquarters in which he said
that Blakl was the original discoverer of
gold in Anvil Creek and therefore enti
tled to the Discovery mine?"
"I learned later that he .was the Cen
sus Marshal." -
Later Metson said he had some samples
of the "sour dough" muse In his pocket
and offered to read them, but on the ad
vice of Attorney Plllsbury. refrained.
Then the question came round as to the
part 'Major Strong had played "in the
case. Strong was one of the two com
missioners appointed by Judge Noyes to
draw a Jury. The other was Bortsche
nius, clerk of the court. Geary proceed
ed on this line as follows:
"You knew that Bortschenlus was a
Republican, while Strong was a Demo
crat?"
"Yes, sir."
"Did you know that Bortschenlus was
friendly to the Swede element— to your
clients?" . .
"I do not know as to that."
"Who told you that Strong had put
names of persons friendly to the plaintiffs
into the box?"
"Attorneys, and others." ;
"Their names?"
"Albert Fink was one of the attorneys."
"Who else?"
"A detective."
* "What was his name?"
"Carson. I knew him as."
"Did you not know that Carson was em
ployed by both sides?"
"I did not. Not at that time."
Geary went on to cross-examine and
finally elicited that It was some time be
fore Metson "got onto" Carson.
"How long before you discovered he
was playing both ends against the mid
dle?" was asked.
"Oh, pretty early In the game."
"How early?"
"About a month after I employed him."
• "How many detectives did you run in
your bureau?" was the next question.
Metson replied that he had a permanent
staff of three or four, namely, Carson.
Allen, Crowley and Herrin.
"Now," continued Geary, "wasn't it a
fact that that Jury list was made "up -of
'sour doughs'?"
• "I don't know," said the witness.
On further questioning It came out that
the Grand Jury had been composed of
"sour doughs."
Asked If it was not a fact that he knew
every night what took place In the Grand
Jury room Metson said -he knew It from
his detectives. . . .
"But you knew of the cases where no
indictments were found— the secrets of the
Grand Jury?" . ,
"Some of them." .
The account of how Clerk Bortschenlus
collected a Jury was interesting and
brought up Breslan's name. The latter
came to Metson on behalf of the clerk,
who was a stranger, and asked the attor
ney If he wduld not suggest some name:
to him. * fi.-'J
"Did you furnish them?" asked Geary.
"I did not."
"Did not Jackson furnish him with a
list of names?"'
"I don't think so." ;.; :
Metson was. then pressed to tell who it
jras that made the statement that Noyea
had announced what his charge would be
In the case. The attorney could not an
swer at first, claiming it was embodied Jn
his detectlvo reports, which he had left
at Nome. Finally he said that he thought
Detective Herrin had been his informant.
"Did you not say a little while ago that
you knew Herrin to be In the employ of
the other side?" was asked.
"I did," *.vas the reply.
"Then, knowing this, how did you credit
what he said?" .
"I did not credit It. I credited no one."
"Then of what use were . your detec
tives?" asked Geary.
"I had' them shadowed," naively re-
plied Metson.
. In the afternoon the examination start
ed off again with Metson on the stand.
Geary was anxious to know about De
tective Crowley. who occupied th© room
next to Noyes' chambers In the Hirschler
Block. In reply to a question as to when
he put Detective Crowley Into the rooms.
Metson said that he was not aware of the
fact until told of It.
"Did you know that the dividing wall
had been perforated?"
"I did."
Then came a discussion as to whether or
not Metson had seen a secret service re
ceipt signed by Frost's detectives. Pressed
on this point. Metson said he wasn't sura
of Its being a receipt.
The Inquiry then passed on to the In
cident of Breslan's reception of Judge
Noyes. Geary asked If It were not a
fact that Breslan boasted of being Xoyes*
intimate friend In Minneapolis.
Metson said he did not know.
"I want an answer," said Geary. I
"Well, If you must have it. ha did say
they had got drunk together."
Geary looked nonplussed and Plllsbury
"Suppose we admit, Mr. Geary, that this
Indicates a degree of intimacy.'*
Geary was equal to the occasion, how
ever, and came right back with, "Cer
tainly. If that constitutes your standard
of friendship."
Metson admitted that Breslan said he
was disappointed in Noyes, whom he had
not seen for some years. He said that
he had let his hair grow and he "didn't
think he would do."
"His opinion of Noyes changed then
after he had visited him on the ship?"
said Geary.
: "1 suppose *v."
"Don t you think it was because Noyes
didn't seem Inclined to appoint him to an
office?"
"It may have been. I don't think so.*
"Didn't you think It peculiar that a man
should go out to meet an old friend and
then come back and say his hair was long
and that he wouldn*t do? What do you
think this indicated V
"1 thought It showed he didn't think
Noyes square."
"Didn't you thlrtfe It Indicated that he
had met with some disappointment?*"
"I did not."
Metson denied that he knew that Bres
lan had gone to Washington shortly after
to file charges against Xoyes.
Attorney Plllsbury called to the stand
Attorney A. S. Halsted of Los Aneelea.
Halsed said that he had shared Samuel
Knight's cabin on the way down from
Nome and had been a witness to a conver
sation between a man named Reese and
Knight. Knight asked Reese In Halsted's
presence if everything he had stated in an
affidavit reflecting on Noyes was correct.
Re^se said It was so and in answer to
Knight's question said he had received no
money from the attorney but his exp«nses
to New York. Knight then asked if he.
would testify to the allegations in the
affidavit in any court. Reese replied:
"In any place but Nome— anywhere ho
could get a square deal."
After a brief cross-examination by
Geary, the inquiry adjourned till Tuesday
next at 10:3) a. m.
METSON RELATES HOW HE MANAGED
TO SHADOW HIS DETECTIVE CORPS
East simply to help at the benefit.
The Alhambra's contribution will be th*»
McCoy sisters and Sam Marlon In their
specialty, which Is the sensation of Hoyt'.i
"A Stranger in Ne-wr York." The Orpheum
will present the best portions of the cur
rent bill and the Alcazar will give the
third and brighest act of Augustin Daly's
delightful drama, "The Railroad of Love."
The Chutes will send in a great, acrobatic
novelty and the Olympla will offer an up
to-date vaudeville act.
The managers have Invited Mrs. Eliza
beth Saunders, one of the oldest and moat
respected member of the profession, to be
present and yesterday they received a
charming note of thanks, stating that she
would attend.
The prices for seats, considering the
Immensity of the programme and deserv
ing character of the cause, are most rea
sonable. Everything downstairs. Includ
ing box seats, will be $2, and the balcony
will be $1. Tickets are on sale at every
theater In the city.
that any members of his grand opera
comparty were at liberty to appear In so
deserving a cause. Walter Damrosch. the
eminent conductor: David Blspham, the
great" barytone, and Rosa Olitzka. the
charming contralto. Immediately volun
teered and will be among those who will
appear from the Grand Opera-house. By
request Mr. Blspham will sing Rudyard
Kipling's "Danny Deever," so graphically
set to music by Mr. Damrosch.
'? Frank Daniels. Helen Redmond. Norma
Kopp and the rest of the "Ameer" opera
company, will represent the Columbia,
and the entire Royal Marine Band of
Italy, fifty-five pieces strong, under the
leadership of Signor Giorgio Minoliti. will
come over from the California and dis
course classical and popular music. The
Tivoli sends a huge offering. In addition
to the brightest bits from the latest comic
opera, "The Jolly Musketeer," Estefanla
Collamarlni and Domenico Russo will give
the last act of "Carmen," and Gaudenzlo
Salassa will sing a barytone solo. These
artists have postponed their departure
JKeatrical Managers' Association Prepares Spler\dicl
Bill for tke Performance.
• . . ¦ »
/ «^HEATR1CAL ) circles are lm-
mensely Interested In the see-
M I ond annual benefit in aid of
VL L the charit'- fund of the Asso
«ri« ciated Theatrical Managers of
San Francisco, which will
take place at the Orpheum
next Thursday. It is the big amusement
event of the year, and aside from the
great worth of the cause, the programme
will be. as it was last year, of rare ex
cellence.
Every artist from every theater in the
city wants to take part and the commit
tee on arrangements, consisting of John
Morrisey, Mark Thall, Harry Morosco
and W. H. Leahy, has had a lively week
of It in preparing the programme. Of
course every one who wants to cannot
participate, but this much has been de
cided on— the curtain will rise at high
noon, and, in all 'probability, it will not
drop again before 6 o'clock.
When Manager Maurice Grau learned
that the San Francisco managers take
care of their sick and destitute actor folk
and bury their dead without applying to
the ' Actors' Fund, he Immediately said
GRAND OPERA STARS TO SING
AT CHARITY FUND BENEFIT
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 1900.
TWO OF THE STARS WHO HAVE VOLUNTEERED TO TAKE PART IN
THE BENEFIT PERFORMANCE IN AID OF THE ASSOCIATED THE
ATRICAL MANAGERS' CHARITY FUND.
Pages 23 to 32
Pages 23 to 32
Tba people'* preference as shown at th* recent
election for Republican principle* Is equally nj
great for tho "American" cle&r Havaoi cl&s*Tlme-44. :24>4; H, :E0%; «4. l:17Vi- Good «tart Won cleverly. Second and third driving.
Winner. J. Oiver.s* b. g.. by Imp. St. George- Mcgeni. Winner best of a poor batch. Dolore
j'jgtory. TTevat.haji_hard_ ta_ keep out of _the_ money.
I34S. FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; eelllng; three- year-old? and up; purse. $400.
Time— To H. -i^i: to H. :47; last %, l:04^: Ktort %. 1(14*. Good start. Won easing up.
Feoorid and third driving. Winner. S. C. HlK'rrth's b. c. by imp. Golden Garter-Nonage.
Race a legacy for the winner. Lyons can run a bit In muddy going. Argot didn't teem
to like it. Corn Cake is of no a<vount. Scratrlied— Asian Via.
1343. SECOND RACE— Fmurlty course.; two-year-olds; purse, $360.
Time— 1-16, :Wfc: 5-1*. :X1V; P-16. :57; 13-18. 1:24; m, 1:44; 1 1-I6m. l:50»». Good start Won
essiiy. Serond «nd third drirlns. Winner. J. J. Moran's b. g. by Tammany-Belinda.
Pachem ran as If Reared by the hi* medicine man.' Klley made sweeping turns with The-
La^y. <-arryln«r out Malay and Gonfalon. .
1351. FOURTH RACE— One and a Fixteenth miles; Alam«da Handicap; three-year-olde and
up; purse. *.V>0.
Time—'*. :1S: %. :J8; V l:«; £ 1:29^. Good start. Won flr«-t three arivln*. Winner. J.
McGoverns ch. h.. by El Ra.yo-FuBillade> Last. Footing too holding for Morrifsey and
TorFina. Horton was always nt the keyhole, refusing to he shaken off.
J35O. THIRD RACE}— Sex-en furlongs: Golden Gate Selling Stakes; 3-year-olds and up; $1000.
Tirr.«--U. :24\: '4. :4H4: *4, US. Good start. VSTon ea.«lly. Second and third driving. Win
ner. Fled Cook's ch. h. by Imp. Sir Modred-Fidelity. Winner is a whirlwind in muddy go
tnjr Mnr-orHo «-*ll ridden. Not Floppy enough for Imperious. He was also pocketed down
bs<-k 5-tretch. Decoy apparently of no use. Scratched— Boundlee PS Hijrh Hoe 103,' Pom
rln« US.
1.1T.2. FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and up: pur5e. ?40O.
downs oftener than their opponents.
While the Oregon team won on merit,
Its supremacy was due to natural condi
tions. The field was wet and heavy and
the Webfooters floundered .. through . the
mud joyfully. They seemed to like it.
California was on a foreign, soil. The
Berkeley backs could not get under way
and in no play was there any semblance
of formation. .. During most of the game
Smith was relied upon for punting and the
veteran halfback could not flo the trick.
Ah a result Oregon always gained on an
exchange of punts. Knowing his' team's
weakness in that respect, Womble, Cali
fornia's field captain, •-, took dangerous
chances on the third down! .and in that
way lost possession of the ball six times.
On the other hand, Oregon always punted
on the third down, even If there was but
half a yard to gain. The Webfooters
did not lose the ball a single time on
downs, though they were forced to punt
on twelve occasions. In. probably a third
of these instances they would :have made
their distance if they had chosen to take
the chances. . :
The California team was far from its
strongest. Johnny -More did not play
quarter, Clny and Prlngle were out of the
line, and for most of the game neither
Braley nor Overall was at fullback. None
of the backs could punt, both guards and
left tackle and the speedy backs were out
of . It on account of -the muddy field. The
visitors from the north showed a decided
improvement over their form in the game
a week earlier wit,h Stanford. They
played .with more confidence. Their tack
ling was cle'an and hard and seldom failed
THE University of Oregon football
team defeated the University of
California eleven yesterday after
noon by that most unsatisfactory
of scores»~2 to 0. The Oregon vic
tory was most unexpected and the vic
tors were as surprised as the vanquished.
The winning points were scored on a
safety, the result of a bad pass by De
coto, the Berkeley quarter.
It was California's ball on the ten-yard
line, where Oregon had sent It by a punt.
Decoto Intended to pass it to Smith, but
the pigskin went wide of the mark and
rolled over the goal line. Decoto fell on
the ball just in time to save It from an
Oregon man, making it a safety Instead
of a touchdown.
This blue and gold malfeasance oc«
curred twelve minutes after play began
In the first half, and during the remainder
df the game neither goal was in danger at
any time.
The Oregon men fairly outplayed their
opponents. By judicious punting they
kept the ball In California territory.
But once in the first half and only three
times In the second half did the Berkeley
men carry the ball beyond the center of
the field. The Oregonlan fullback out
punted the California punter. The Ore
gon center trio outplayed. their opponents.
Then again the Webfooters fumbled less
and gained possession of the ball on
to stop the California runner in his
tracks.
The two points of the safety wera
scored In this manner: Oregon won the
tofes and kicked off, Payne sending the ball
down the field to the 25-yard line. After
two assaults on the line that netted but
little California punted back to the center
of the field.'. Two downs and no gain and
Oregon punted to the 25-yard line. Cali
fornia was forced to punt and Smith's low
kick was blocked. Oregon's ball. Payne
punted to the 10-yard line. California was
forced to punt. Smith kicking to the"S5-.
yard line. Oregon 'could not gain, and
Payne punted 25 yards: Then Gammon
got 23 yards through center, and a punt
gave Oregon the ball at the center of the
field. Oregon punted 25 yards and then
took the ball from Berkeley on downs.
Another punt of 20 yards left the ball on
the 10-yard line. Here it was that Decoto
made his bad pass and the safety was
scored. The teams lined up as follows:
Oregon Position California.
Bush R.E. L. Hudson
Thurston R. T. L. Albertson
Waddell R. O. L O'Toole
"^'Mner Center Cornish
Watts L. O. R. Stowe
Jackway L. T. R Castlehun
Z*l*ler L. K. R Wbmble
fceett Quarter , Decoto
Goodrich R. H. L.. Gammon
Starr.... L. H. R Pmlth. Mini
Payne Fullback rhiden. Overall
The following were the officials:
Umpire, Percy Hall; referee, D. B.
Brown; timekeepers— I. J. Mumma and
Everett Brown: linemen— Lee Kerfoot,
U. C.'and Stubllng. Oregon.
OREGON'S ELEVEN OUTPLAYS AND VANQUISHES CALIFORNIA
THE FUNNY RIGHTS THAT WERE WITNESSED BY THE CALL'S CARTOONIST DURING A FIERCE GAME OF
FOOTBALL ON THE CAMPUS OVER AT THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, WHERE OREGON ATH
LETES WON THE VICTORY. ' ! i. N
The only score of the game was made
late In the first half. Navada had worked
the ball down to Stanford's forty-yard
line. After two ineffectual trials /to ad
vance the ball, Keddle fell back and
punted to Geissler, who was playing back
for the cardinal. The ball would have
bounded safely over the goal line and out
of bounds had he not put It In touch by
toying with it. Meantime Smith, Neva
da's left end, covered the oval. It was
Nevada's ball on Stanford's two-yard
line. Keddle was tried and advanced the
oval to within two feet of the last white
line. Again he shot Into the line of cardi
nal Jerseys, and the game was won for Ne
vada. The brilliant full back added more
laurels to his credit by placing the mud
coated ball squarely between the goal
posts, and Nevada's rooters on the aide
lines went wild. It was the first tlm« an
outside team had crossed Stanford's goal
line once this year.
dinaj team should have forced its way
down the field for at least two touch
downs. The frame-' was 1 . lost to; Stanford
not bo much through Nevada's good play-
Ing as through its own ragged and loose
work.
and Gregory
C. Smith R. G..Lf..Nutter * Emerson
Rlordan R. T. It Traeger
Moran.. R. E. L .'.McFadden
Leadbetter (capt.)... Quarter. Erb and Bausback
Sunderland L. H. R....Oeissler & Allen
B. Smith. Mitchell. ..R. H. L Hill and Erb
Keddle. .7? Fullback Slaker
Officials — Umpire, J. B. Reynolds; referee, C
M. Flckert. x Time— Two 25-minute halves.
Touchdown— By Keddle 1. Goal— By Keddle 1.
Score:. Nevada 6, Stanford 0.
The second half was played almost en
tirely in Stanford's territory. Only once
did the Stanford backs cross the middle
of the field. Stanford and Nevada both
retired a man through injury. Within
five minutes of the flrst'whistle B. Smith
the star half on Nevada's , team, left the
field with a bad shoulder, and Captain
Burnett of the Stanford team followed
soon after with his weak knee again in
jured. • ¦ '
Following was the way the teams lined
up:
Nevada; . Positions. Stanford.
Smithy....... I* E. R...Cooper'and Luck
Perry....... L. T. R... Burnett & Nutter
Lawrence.... L. O. R 8«eley
Hunter Center Lee, McFadden
TANFORD UNIVERSITY. Nov.
(CT 17.— The surprise of all surprises
fell upon the Btudent body to-
day. Like a bolt of lightning out
of a clear sky it struck the Stan
ford football eleven in a * gridiron con
test with the Nevada State University
team on the Palo Alto field. When It was
all over Nevada walked off the field with
glory and victory. The cardinal contin
gent are Buffering from a severe form of
nervous shock. They left the field this
evening very much like pugilists crawl to
their corners after the tenth second has
been counted. The score Nevada 6. Stan
ford 0 will stalk the Palo Alto fields for
many days as a terrible nightmare.
From the cardinal point of view It wu
the poorest specimen of ball that has ever
been seen on the Stanford campus. Tost'B
pupils acted as If they had never 6een a
football before. The line was weak and
could be punctured at any point by Ne
vada's backs. Fumbles were bo much In
order that It was the exception when the
oval reached the signaled runner. The
weight was In Stanford's favor. The car-
NEVADA PLAYERS SHUT OUT AND SCORE AGAINST STANFORD
WASHINGTON, Nov. 17.— The fall meet
ing of the • Washington Jockey . Club
opened at Bennlngs tD-day. Four favor
ites, one second choice and op.p outsider
captured the purses.
. Results are as follows:
First race, six furlongs— McA<MIe won. The
Rhymer second. Sadie S third. Time. 1:15.
6econd race, five furlongs — Chaos won. Sentry
second. The Rogue third. Time, 1:03 4-3.
Third race, steeplechase, two and a half miles
LONDON. Nov. 17.— At ihe third day's
racing: of the Derby November meeting,
trie American Jockeys were again suc
cessful. The Belpoer selling plate, a
high-weight handicap of 10« sovereigns,
one mile, was won by Li Brassey's nay
gelding Charter, ridden by- Jenkins. Sec
ond place was captured by O. Temple's
bay mare "Weybrldge, with Ripby in the
saddle, and Sir E. \ incenfs brown colt
Eulogy, guided by Lester Reiff, t came In
The Chatsworth plate handicap of 500
sovereigns, live furlongs, was won by W.
Duke's Inish Free, with Rigby up.
The Allestree-. plate, a welter handicap
of 300 sovereigns, mile and a quarter, was
won by Foxhall Keene's Synopla, on
whom Maher had the mount.
The Queen's plate of 200 sovereigns*,
about two, miles, was won by Oldolo, on
which L. Reiff.had the leg.
Fourth race, handicap, mile and a sixteenth-
Branch won, Cambrian second, John Halsey
third. Time, 1:47U-
Fifth race, six furlong. hand!car>— Ladr
Slrathmore won, Grandon second, Isobel third.
Time. 1:13.
Sixth race, mile and an eighth, selling — Sir
Gst.tian won, Sauber second, Beana third. Time,
1:54. ; -:".;,
First race, one mile. Belling— Dramburg won,
Honeywood second. Ben Battle third. Time.
1-4214.
Second race, six and a half furlon&s— Trinity
Fell won. Little Henry second, Dal Keith
third. Time. 1:2Z
Third race, six furlongs, selling— Hermencla
wen. Free Hand second. Pauline J third. Time.
1:14%. . _ -
CINCINNATI. Nov. 17.-Flne weather
and a good card drew a large crowd to
Xewport to-day. Lady Strathmore fur
nished a surprise In the f-fth ©vent, win
ning In a gallop from such crack two
year-olds as Ethel Wheat and Duelist.
Sixth race, mil* and a sixteantb — SpMdmas
w*n. Handcuff second. Miss Mitchell third.
Time, 1:52.
F.ourth' race, handicap.. s«ven furlongs— Kln
r.iklnnlc won. James second. Charentu* third.
Time, 1:29. .
Fifth race, six .furlongs— Little Daisy won.
King's Favorite second. Gracious third. Time.
1:17 2-5.
—Governor • Budd won. Facile lecond.- Tim*.
6:0fl. Two starters.
AMERICAN JOCKEYS
ARE EASY WINNERS
The Doctor. S-2; J. Sheridan's Forest Klnj
beat C. Bonar's Wild Norah, 4-3; J. Maher *
Emma M brat W. Creamers Jesse Moore, M«
J. H. W. Muller's Cruiser beat F. A. McCombj
Sir Pasha. 2»-9; Pterl & Knowles' Olita beat
J. Keenans Lundin Links. 11-8; J. Seggerson*
Gold Hill beat Chiarinl Bros." Palmyra. 5-v;
C. O. Peterson's Silver Cloud beat R. E. do
B. Lopez's Sequence. 12-1; Pasha Kennels'
Fiery Face beat R. E. de B. Lopez's Eager.
5-0; J. P. Thrift's Tyrone Prince, a bye; J. *.
Thrift's Brutus beat F. A. McComb's Patriot.
4-2; L. F. Bartels' Best Bargain beat H. A.
Deckelman's Snapshot. 8-5; R. L. Taylors
Mose beat Captain Cane's Master Davenport.
14-2; P. J. Retlly'B Royal Unton beat Curtis ee
Son's Rosinante. 16-10; H. A. Deckel man s
Master Rocket beat Lande & Gerber'» Rienzi.
8-1; Pasha Kennels' May Hempstead beat J.
Hourlgan's Dark Secret. 3-1: J. Keenan'i
Sleigh Bells beat E. H. Mulcaster'a Safeguard.
8-5; James Hurley's Hurricane beat William
N'uber's Limber Twir. 6-1; Russell & Allen" •
Castaway beat P. Jackson' a Honor Bright. 4-1;
Aeneid Kennel*' Aethra. beat E. H. Mulcutar •
Morello. 15-4; A. Buker's Kanaka, beat Aeneid
Kennels' Flying Faster, 7-5; F. Jones" Turn
Hurllck beat J. R. Dlckson'a Lady Bess, 18-1,*.;
H. A. Deckelman'a Belle Rocket beat O Zahl's
Miss Wilson. 5-2; Paaha Kennels' Rud«
Awakening beat Chiarlni Bros.' Santonin.
5-4; Sterl & Knowles' For Glory beat
W. Creamer'a Onward, "3-2; Aeneid Kea
nels' Aeneas beat P. 8teinhoff'a Veto, 6-5:
Captain Clarkson's Golden Garter beat Georg*
Macdouiral's FalstaS, 15-0; Russell & Allen's
Faithful Lad beat R. E. de B. Lopez's "Wardel.
16-11; T. W. Bartels' Mao's Melody beat P. J.
Rellly's The Grafter, 6-1; P. J. Relliya Hon
esty beat Pasha Kennels' Rival'* Answer.
16-0; F. A. McComb's Froety Morn beat Curtis
& Sons' Kibosh. 7-5; Russell & Allen's Bella
Claire, a bye; H. Lynch's Lyddlts beat Chlar
lnl Bros.' Brass Button. 3-3; Georff* Whitney's
Theron beat A." Johnson's Bald Eagle, 12-8;
R. L. Taylor's Beauty Spot beat J. Keenan'a
Connemaugh, 3-2; Russell & Allen's Victor Boy,
a bye: Maher & Reid's Bad Boy beat H. A.
Deckelman"» Lawrence. 12-8; D. J. Healy'a
Urania beat E. Geary's Bonnie Pasha, 2-1; F.
A. McComb's Little Sister beat Lande & Ger
ber's Mount Ida. 7-1; Sterl & Knowlrs' Ama
rosa beat Georsre Macdougal'a Colonel Lopes.
3-0; George Sharrnan's ChicaKO Boy beat Georgra
Burfelnd's Pastime, i-0; F. A- McComb's Craw
ford Lass beat J. P. Thrift's Sprlngback, 3-1;
B. SUva's Reannex beat P. Reilly'a Lady Gran
ard, 6-4; Pasha Kennels' Roman Athlete beat
Ru&eell & Allen's Spiteful. 10-8; Russell A Al
len's Talk tr» Me beat E. Baumetster's Los
Angeles. 13-11; F. Jones' "Wedsewood beat Cap
tain Cane's Victor Queen, 6-3; D. J. Healj'a
Lady Claire beat Russell & Allen's Strayaway.
14-12; F. Jones' Lovlna beat Pasha Kennels'
Firm Friend. 8-4: Captain Cane's Greenhall beat
George Sharman'i Miss Skyrocket. 21-2; Georsa
Sharman's Bowery Boy heat Aeneid Kennels'
Achilles, 17-8; P. J. Reilly's Moonbright beat
Ch'artnl Bros." Bunco Bill. 9-5: P. Doyle'a
Ltberator beat J. Holden's Scottish Chief, 6-»;
George Sharman's Black Flush beat K. M.
Kellogrs*s Ben's Babe. 7-S.
CRUISER SURPRISES
THE FORM PLAYERS
Form players had things much their
own way in the run-down of the big open
stake yesterday at Union Park. Out of
sixfy-four courses run short-enders were
successful ' in ten. J. H. W. .Muller's
Cruiser was due to give the talent his
periodical exhibition of getting the flag
from a hot favorite and performed his
end of the contract in a creditable man
ner. Drawn against McComb's fast Sir
Pasha, Cruiser looked like easy money to
the wise ones, and as a result of their
figuring the good price of 7 to 1 could be
had against ius* chances.
Floodgate had easy going arid Is looked
upon as a likely candidate for honors in
to-day's finals. Sisquot: is performing well
find is expected to reach well along on the
card. Greenhall, Lady Claire, For Glory
and Fiery Face are figured to get some
of the big end of the stake for their own
ers. Fiery Face is in shape to repeat her
creditable work of last week.
Auckland and Golden Russet should put
up an even go in the second round and
Master Claire has the clas3 over Shadow,
though he had a hard go and a narrow es
cape with Lucretia Borgia, winning only
by the kill. The other winners look to be
Crawford Rex, First Foot, Cash. Emma
M. Olita, Mose, Master Rocket. May
Hempstead, Castaway, Kanaka. Belle
Rocket. Golden Garter. Mac's Melody.
Frosty Morn. Belle Claire. Theron, Bad
Boy. Little Sister. Chicago Boy, Reannex,
Roman Athlete, Wedgewood, Bowery Boy
and Liberator.
The short ends: Auckland beat Pleas
ant. Girl at 6 to 3. O K Capitol beat Cava
lier at 5 to 2, Cash beat Erin and Ollta
beat .Lundin Links at 5 to 3, Tyrone Prince
beat Wild Norah in a bye at 3 to 1. Best
Bargain beat Snapshot at 2 to 1. Sleigh
Bells beat Safeguard at 5 to 4. Aeneas
beat Veto at 4 to 1 and Frosty Morn beat
Kibosh at 2 to 1.
The day's results, with Judge John
Grace's official scores, follow:
Open stake, first round — J. Carroll's Auckland
beat D. Toland'R Pleasant Oirl. 3-2; P. Jack
son's Golden Russett beat H. Lynch' s Lexing
ton. 10-2; Curtis & Son's Shadow beat R. K.
de B. Lopea's W'arrigral. 4-1; J. Carroll's Masttr
Claire -beat J. Hourijran's Lucretia BorRta.
lfi-13: George Parkinson's Ben Lomond b*?at
¦\Vllllam Nuber's Ladylike. *-T; Oeorsre Nether
cott's ¦ Floodgate beat Pasha Kennels' RtSKy
Attempt. 4-0; J. E. Hosklng'a King's Cashier
.beat William Howard's Sidney ' Lucas.. 12-2;
R. E. de B. Lopez's Crawford Rex teat E.
M. KellOKK'" Iowa Boy. 6-8: Russell & Allen's
First Foot beat Curtis &' Son'a 'Warpath, 4-3;
R. E. de B. Lopez's Werribee beat T. A. Gaft
ney's False Flatterer, 7-4; James Hurley's O.
K. Capitol bent Curtis & Son's Cavalier, 8-2;
Curtis & Son's Cash beat M. Dunlea's Erin.
14-7; J. Dean's Sisquoc beat George Sharmaji'n
SAN FRAXCISCO took the first
game of the series with Stockton
yesterday afternoon .at Recreation
gro'unds. Two more such feathers
in Uncle Henry's cap will mean a
clo*e finish in the race for the league pen
nant of 1900. The score was 7-1.
Mr. Johnson, occasional twirler for
Stockton, beseechingly asKed Jim Mc-
Donald to turn his eyes loose on the
game. This happened in the second Inn-
Ing. After that Mr. Johnson was turned
looser-on the benches, where he remained
throughout the game.
"Get In the game," said Johnson to
Umpire' McDonald, Just because he
thought one of his specially prepared
curves that was called a ball was In re
ality a strike,
"You get out of It," said McDonald.
Johnson did as he was told, with reluc
tance and muffled criticisms. "Too much
insolence for a young, stout man," said
McDonald as Whalen walked into the
box- to finish the work of the ejected Mr.
Johnson.
Whalen, who has been a sufferer with
appendicitis, was not strong yesterday
and the Hanxmen found him readily. In
the fifth inning he was undone, and after
a smashing all over the Held the boy at
the bell rang six times for Frisco. This
is how It; happened: Rellly hit safely, fol
lowed by Iburg with a sacrifice. Then
Brockhoff hit to right and Graham, miss
ing the throw-in. Reilly scored. Hllde
brand went a-cantering on four bad ones,
and Krug on a hit to right field tilled the
bags. A hit by Pabst to McCarthy scored
Brockhoff and HUdebrand, and a hit by
Schwartz scored Krug and Pabst. By
some rare errors Schwartz scored. Runs
six and hltB four was the product. In
the seventh Schwartz scored again.
In" the second inning the Milllers
scored. Babbitt srot a base on balls, icor
lns on two succeeding- singles.
The score:
SAX FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. Pa A. E.
Brockhoff. cf 5 12 0 2 10
HUdebrand. rf « 1 1 0 X 1 0
Km*, ss 5 12 14 4 1
Pabst. lb 5 1 3 J J 1 9
Schwartz. 2b 4 3 3 1 | 1 1
Sullivan, c 5 0 10 8 10
Levy. If 3 0 112 10
n-niy. 3b * l l o l o l
Iburg. p 3 ° 2 — — Jt 2
Totals 33 7 13 8 27 12 S
STOCKTON.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McCarthy, If ? 0 3 0 0 0 I
McGucken, cf 3 0 0 1110
Moore. 3b 4 0 0 0 4 6 0
Streib. lb 4 0 10 9 0 0
McHale. rf 4 0 10 1X0
Graham, c 1 0 0 0 7 t I
Rabbitt, ss 3 1 1 1 8 1 J
Courtney. 2b 4 0 1115 1
Johnson, p 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
•Harper 1 0 1 0 0 0 0
Whalen. p 8 0 1 J> J J> j9
/Totals 33 1 9 3 27 19 3
•Batted In seconrl lnnins.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
San Francisco 0 00080100—7
Base fcita 21014280 0-13
Stockton 010000000— 1
Base hits 0 22120101-9
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— rburs 1, tVhalen V
Two-ba.«e hits— McHale, Schwartz, Levy. Sac
rifice hits— McGucken. Graham. Iburg:. Fir?t
base on error;*— San Francisco 3, Stockton 3.
First base on called balls— San Franci3<o 3.
Stockton 1. Left on bases— San Francisco K
Stockton «. Struck out— By Iburg 4, by John
son 1. Double play-Sullivan to Krug. PassM
ball-Sullivan. Wild pitch— Whalen. Time cf
pame— One hour and forty-flve minutes. l.rn
pire—jlm McDonald. Orflcial scorer— J. W.
Stapleton.
LOCAL TEAM IS
IN THE STRETCH
FOOTBALL ANTI-CLIMAXES FOR CALIFORNIA AND STANFORD
Preparations for the Thanksgiving- gam*
between the Universityof 'California and
Stanford University football teams' are
under way at the. Sixteenth and-Folsom
street grounds. A contract signed. by thft
associated students of the • two - univer
sities for; the erection of - viewing: stands
was let yesterday to D. R. McNeil. Mc-
Neil will build two stands, covering the
entire east and west eides of the grounds,
which, with the Btands already up, will
be sufficient to ' hold ' the gTeat crowds
that will view -the gume. Tfee consldva
flon tor^ McNeli'B work wllj be 12159. .
PBEPARINCr FOR • - - f, - ¦/:
- ;V THANKSGrvTNG'GAJOl
PHILADELPHIA, Nov. 17.—Pennsylva
nia on Franklin. Field gridiron to-day
achieved a victory over the Indians from
Carlisle, P«i.,'i Government school by,- the
score of 16 to 6 In a brilliant game of foot
ball.
CHICAGO. Nov. 17.— Wisconsin, playing
the fastest football seen here this season,
simply, overwhelmed the University of
Chicago on Marshall field this afternoon,'
winning by a scoM of 35.to.5. .
ANNAPOLIS, . Md.fi Nov. 17.— Columbia
defeated . the naval cadets this afternoon
by a score of 11 to 0. •
MINNEAPOLIS, Nov. 17.— Minnesota de
feated. Northwestern on Northrop field
this aft-ernon. Score— Minnesota 21, North
western O.v v .-• ¦¦ * • - ¦ ¦.
GUTHRIE, O. T., Nov. 17.-At KinsflBb-
Games at Other Points.
RENO, Nev.. Nov. 17.— A big demonstra
tion was held here to-night celebrating
Nevada's victory over the Stanford foot
ball team. Five hundred college students
and Reno wheelmen, headed by a band,
paraded the streets. Fireworks helped 'to
enliven the occasion. The victory of Ne
vada came as a complete surprise, for it
was not thought that- Reno had: a ghoHt
of. a chance to carry- off honors against
such a strong team as Stanford.
and Set Off Fireworks.
Students Parade ' the Town Streets
Goals from touchdowns— Hal« 3, Brown 1. Goal
flora field— Mattlg.
RENO CELEBRATES THE
FOOTB ALL VICTORY
SAN JOSE. Nov." 17.— The second eleven
from Berkeley and the State Normal foot
ball, team tried conclusions at "Agricul
tural Park this afternoon. The Normal
team won by a score of 6 to 0.
The football game scheduled to take
place yesterday morning at Sixteenth and
Folsom streets between the Belmont team
and the Berkeley High School experts did
not materialize, the Belmont boys prefer
ring: to forfeit the (game rather than play
on the grounds In toe condition they were
SAN DIEGO, Nov. 17.— The football
team of the cruiser Philadelphia, now in
this port, met and vanquished the eleven
of the Rusg High School to-day, the score
standing 16 to 6' in favor of the sturdy
tars.-.T-.^.:-:^-.-.'-*;:-',-: . ¦¦ / < - ¦• ¦.-,-.
SALT -LAKE, Nov. 17.— Final score-
University of Wyoming: 15, Young Men's
Christian Association O.-
LAWRENCE, KANS.. Nov. 17.— Final
score: Nebraska .University 12, Kansas 0.
INDIANAPOLIS, Nov. 17.— The univer
sities of Illinois and Indiana fought .a
draw on the gridiron this afternoon/the
field being a pool of mud . and water.
Neither side scored.
E ASTON. Pa.. Nov. 17.— Lafavette won
to-day the hardest game fought on her
field this season, defeating: Cornell by a
score of 17 to 0. All the points were made
In the first half. ;
ANN ARBOR. Mich.. Nov. 17.— Football:
Michigan 7, Notre Dame 0. y
NEW HAVEN, Conn.. Nov. 17.— Harvard
freshmen 18; Yale freshmen 0.
WEST POINT, N.Y., Nov. 17,-Cadeti
18, Bucknell 10. '
er this afternpen: Kingfisher 0, Univer
sity of Oklahoma 0. .
HANOVER. N. H., Nov. 17.— Brown 12,
Dartmouth 5. "• •
v -;-¦•;-- - . S. McClay
Chadwlck..... Right halfback... Hart
Hals. Dupe* Fullback .Mattis
Score*— TaJ« - W, " Princeton B. Touchdown* —
Gculd, Bloomer, StlUrnaa, Cha-dTrlctt, Fincke.
PRINCETON, N. J., Nov. 17,-Princc
ton wound up the most disastrous
football season In the- history, of the
university at dusk this evening, los
ing her annual game to Yale by the score
Of 29 to 5.
Never has an orange and black eleven
been so humiliated. Yale has rolled up
larger scores, but never has She shown
her superior strength in such a marked
degree as she did this afternoon. There
was only one part of the gam© In which
Princeton" excelled. That wu in the kick
ing.. Mattis. the Princeton fullback, easily
outpointed Tale.
To show Princeton 1 * utter weakness It
is sufficient to say that during the seventy
minutes of play the orange and black
made only two downs and those were In
ten minutes of the end of the game, whan
Princeton took a, temporary brace. The
Tigerst' linemen were beaten back, bat
tered and trampled upon. Princeton
fought bravely, but Yale's superior
strength and better physical condition en
abled her to score a. comparatively easy
victory.
Not more than 13,000 persons saw the
game. Tha line-up: ' .- m " ,
Tal«. . Position** Princeton.
Gould Left end .Roper
Bloomer Let t • tackle. . .... .Tell I (capt.)
Brown .(capt) Left guard...........". Wright
Olcott.. ..Center... ...Ixmle, Buckwlese
Sheldon.. ..Right guard.. .... ........Mills
Stlllman Right tackle .Uavls
Coy, Rafferty Right * end .Little
"Wear Quart erback...Meir,- Duncan,
Fincke.. Left half back.. McCord and
YALE COMPLETELY BURIES THE MAN IN ORANGE AND BLACK AT PRINCETON
It was necessary for the authorities to
come to the rescue of the visitors, and
deputies were sworn in to escort the Cin
cinnati players to the Danville station.
Even with such an escort the attack was
continued, and the driver of the omnibus
that carried the Cincinnati boys ' to the
station had hia arm " broken by a- stone
that was thrown. One of the Cincinnati
players took the reins and drove on to the
station.
The game broke up -In a fight. Accord-
Ing to their version of the row the Dan
ville players kicked on the first decision
of- Referee Hoffman. "When the referee
ordered a Danville player out of the game
the Spectators closed in on him and the
visiting team. Clubs, stones, slugs 'and
even deadly weapons were used" as soon
as the, visitors and referee quit. '" i • ¦• \ ¦
Among the Cincinnati players most -se
riously injured were Coach Reed, head'bad
ly cut; Cook, SCalp laid open; Schayer
head badly cut; Van Make, Injured in
head and body; Smedley, Injured on head
and arm. ' • . .
Members . of Cincinnati .University
r Football Team Badly Hurt.
CINCINNATI, Nov. 17.— The football
team of the University of Cincinnati ar
rived home at a late hour to-night from
their game with the team of Centre Col
lege at Danville, Ky., and it was about
the most crippled combination that ever
reached the local depot.. most of the play
ers being taken direct to the City Hos
pital. , t ;: i ; , . , '
ATTACKED THE PLAYERS.
THE hitherto Invincible Pat Morris
ppv, who usually chirps and chat
ters like a monkey juggling cocoa
nuts when started during umbrella
time, nearly bankrupted two-thirds
of the big Saturday crowd at Oakland
yesterday. The hor^e with the Celtic han
dle to his name had a highly cultivated
following, who r»anked on his winning the
Gulden Gate Falling stake in a canter.
The distance was seven furlongs and there
*-or« but two other starters. Torsina and
Knrtnn. With "Monk" Coburn in the
sa<*dl<* end but 100 pounds to carry Pat
rinsed a 9 to 10 favorite. Tnrsina, it was
figured, might crack some ice, but as to
Horton. that was out of the question,
the talent said— he didn't fancy the go
ing. At the start Morrissey propped Just
for an instant, losing possibly a length",
but before the turn ¦ into the backstretch
was reached was humming along, in the
lead. Horton vras up dangerously close,
end when about h?Uf the distance had
been traversed icplaced Torsina in second
position. As the stretch was reached
Johnny Woods astride t*ie leader turned
in his saddle, to perceive Horton at his
hrr!s. Picking the best going, on the
rldge.'he began urging Pat, but under Co
burn's riding Horton pained at every
stride. A furlong from home the latter
looked a handv winner, but the favorite
fought it out gamely, only losing at last
by a neck. Tnrsina cut a sorry figure,
showing no speed whatever.
fin hard had the rain pelted the track
that instead of being splashy it was heavy
end inclined to be holding next the rail.
Golden Age and Hermoso were the only
frhort-priced horses to earn brackets.
TVfcat a crand lime the mat'nee bettors
had wiih th»« fie'd books over the result of
the Alamcda mndicap. over one mile and
a sixteenth. Picking up S2 pounds. Grand
Sachem, ridden by Logue and' with any
where from rfl to IS to 1 chalked against
•tils Dame !n the riner, said farewell to his
Tompsny at the start and -was never he'ad
•"*•<!. ¦ Louis- Ez*!!V useful mare The Lady
fir;!Ehfd se-ooni. two -lengths behind the
outsider. 'and"-! bo -heavily mipport^d Malay
'ran ipxo the Johnny Woods on
Gonfalon, the wen money favorite, lost
BY F. E. l^TJXiKOLlL.^nsriD.
all the ground possible, never being a con
tender.
In the opening sprint Un Cadeau, second
choice in the betting, ran away from a
cheap bunch- Dolore, the favorite, showed
in second position for a while, then tossing
it up. Spike was second, a neck in front
of Trevathan.
Bam Hildreth's colt Golden Age out
classed his field in the two-year-old num
ber shoes to .plates, and 1 to 8 was the
regular quotation. He won in a sneeze,
with Billy Lyons leading Argot over the
line for place honors.
Bookmaker Fred Cook certainly has a
mudlark In Hermoso. The big: chestnut
horse shouldered 122 pounds and won away
off from Mocorito and Imperious in the
fifth event. The winner was a pronounced
favorite and covered the six furlonjfs in
1:15, a very fast performance, all things
considered.
Although Sybarie had first call In the
booking. Uarda took the final run of the
day In a mild gallop. The old mare al
ways displayed a marked tendency for
heavy tracks, which accounted for her
price being cut from 5 to 3. Sybaris easily
disposed of Alicia for the place.
Track Notes.
Bd Cole, who will be J." H. Pettlngill's
associate in the stand at Tanforan Park,
viewed the racing at Oakland yesterday.
Mr. Cole had as traveling' companion on
the way from New York Francis Trev
elyan, the well-known Eastern turf,
writer.
Aft*r the stake event "Daggle" Smith
sold Horton, the winner, to ; Sam Hll
dreth. The reported price was $1000. •
Willie Martin, the well-known rider, ar
rived in town Friday night. He was ac
companied by James Beach, the popular
bonlface of the clubhouse at Saratoga.
"Jockey Bill." who was ruled oft the turf
by the California Jockey Club, will ask
for n rehearing.
Hermoso is a California bred horse, and
as a two-year-old won a dash at Ingle
side track with 100 to 1 about him In the
ring-. • . - ; . ,
At the start In the handicap Coburn at
firet thought "there was-golrlg to be a re
call. H« took Malay up somewhat, and
the ground then lost may ¦ have cost Dr.
Roweirs horse the race.
Tim*— \. :»H: j*. : r04; V 1:17^: mil*. 1:454. Good start. Won easily. Second and third
driving Winner. P. O. Lyrc-h & Co.'s b. m. by Ftrathmore-Zunlon. Uarda a very handy
rlat^r in damp footing. $>ybaris lacked speed. Tirade a hard one to ride. Scratched—Can
fyn JC.
1.153. SIXTH RACE— Ons mile; selling; thre»-j-ear-olds anil up; purs*. $300.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 1900.
HORTON DOWNS
PAT MORRISSEY
FIERCE PLAY ON EASTERN
AND WESTERN GRIDIRONS
THE CALL'S RACING CHART
OAKLA»CD RACETRACK, SATURDAY, November 17. l$00.-C4oudy. Track holding.
24
r.
::
I!
:;
12
r
u
2:3
m
M
161
r .T4
/ :.o
.142
IPo.l , . Betting ,
•x , Horse, Ajre, Weight" Pet St. H. %. Btr. Fin. Jockeys.. Op. HI. Cl. PI.
! XnOajdwi. 1 9$ 1 1 Ti Tt ill ll J. T>tiy 8-2 »-» >-2 *
t Spik«. 3 9! 1 I »HJl 21 2n Btuart 5 6 8 S
•) Trevathaa. S 9S10 8 8H«2 In 3« Coburn 6 12 13 4
1 (Dolore, 6 611 21 2H 42 42 Domlnlck ... 4 4 11-5 4-5
! |<5arbo, 8 ins 9 8 7 H 7 H 51 51 ' Tullett 10- 19 7 3
i ilm-indistor, 4 1«6 • I 7 »H*8 6 10 €15 J. Woods.... ' I U ' 13 " 4
' |Kati# Walcott. »..10? g* «H8h 71 71 C. Russell... 30 100 100 40
I N*»pl«^. 4 10S 44 4h 51 Sn Sn F. Kelly.... SO 60 60 IS
• Harry Th p cher. 3.100! 68 SH61 91 91 IMounce 6 8 8.8
! ! Jolly Brtton, 8.... S8| 7 10 10 10 10 10 Fauntleroy .15 80 tO 13
V
u
T.
-••!
Scs
1*
y
C.I
a
e and Weight.
m A*ro ne
Ijroat 103
t 1«7
Majtin 1U
Cake 1C7
|Po.|
Fst St. %. %. Etr.
44 11*16 16
113 3 1S 11 SI
2 1 S 2 H 34 3 4
Bl 46 44*420
3 5 5 i 5
Fin.
1 4
Z 2
3 19
4 15
5
c
, Bettlngr »
Jockeys. Op. Hi. Cl. PL
I>om!nlck ... 1-8 1-8 1-8 —
Coburn 15 15 10 6-5
J. Woo«ls.... II 15 15 2
Tullett 10 80 30 4
Mouuce 8 • 25 25 4
Po.
Age, TVelght. PFtjSt. %.
!|» Betting- v
Jock«y«; I Op. HI. CL PI.
-Ten
Mr
i. 4 lpnj 2 12 8
wrimy, 6..10] 8 ' t In
a, a 103! ill 22
8 1 n 1 n Coburn B-2 4 8 8-5
H SB t « J. Woods.... 1 1 9-10 1-8
2 h 8 S Mounce . 3-2 2 2 9-20
n*.ex '
1315 |
1221 > :
1S33 ]
1332 [
or
be
Hi
n n
IT.
rs«. Ap«, VTeljrht.1
md PiichPtn, 6. m!
• ijxiy. x ir»
ley. 4 1<V>
ifalon. 3 114!
-ochf». 4 1C>!
» Pobbv, S <nl
Po.
|Prt St.
j"TT"
E 4
1 1
! « ! «
! 7|r
l l
J n
3 :
45
<
S 2
f—- Betting
H- Etr. Fin. Jockey*. Op. HI. C\. PI.
13 11 12 Loeu* 20 75 60 IS
5 14 2 1 2! # Kiley 4 7 6 3-3
2 8 4 3 3 1 Coburn ..... 8 3 3 P-10
4 3 14 (S J. Woods... 4-S 1 1 11-20
6 5 6 5 5 IC. -Roe* 15 EO 50 12
66 6 6 lDominick .:| 5 7 7 S-5
AC»,
WHrht.j
IPo.l
p*t;st.
H-
•4. Str.
Fin.
I !
| Jcx-keyn. :
\\ Op.
- Bettlnp
HI. Cl.
~rT
rtti
sot
ttd
'n
to. !
¦•us.
mo.
in. •
S .
Rjr*
5
S i
5
5
4
12=
105
5 ....105
5 If*
105
tno!
• ....josj
I * 2
i 5 6
\l I
! 2 i «
1 3
21
4 1
5 1
6 2
S h
14 14
25 25
6 2 4 ]
7 3 >4
52 S 1
61 61 -
4 1 7
1 «
2 8
3 e
4 n
5 S
'« 1
JDominlck ..!
i^riburn
J. Woodd...
Stuart
Mnunw ....
Ranych
TullMt
1
4
4
10
.6
12
I 15
6-3 6-5
% 7
4 13-5
O 40
10 ' 8
15 13
.39 39
2-5
4-5
10
3
5
S
Are.
W*Igh
Pst'fi
-i
H
«i
Fin
Jockeys
, Betting -
Op. HI. Cl.
PI
a.
is
\,
•.
'IS
11 !
B
an
ia
c
€ .
s. B .
, * ¦
la*?*.
Xirse
TlStiO
i. 3
F.
'hot.
-, «
. a
on, :
Z. '.'.'.
3..
.107
.104
.19X1
.110 1
.104
.104
,101
. SSf
. 92'
.IOC"!
< 8
' «
9
8
11
1 1
4 I
j>
2
19
3
5
11
I 1
1 1
7 1
6 h
8 2
f h
: i
9 5
«1
11
m is
4 4
12 12
S H 22
2h 4 H
5 1 3 h
« 1 6 2
43 8 h
76 73
8 2 84
11 31
1« 10 in 2
9 « 9 6
13
2 5
3 1
4 2
6 5
C 1
76
« 2
» 2
10 5
11
Mounc«
Coburn
R&nsch
Fallehy
J. Woods...
IJ. Daly
JDomlnick ..
iFauntleroy .
llx>ru*
jftuart
I Buchanan ..
S
2
8
6
8
10
6
10
! 20
I 10
w
5
5-2
10
6
12
10
S
25
-40
15
30
3
12-5
10
6
12
10
S
25
40
• 15
20
6-5
1
4
2
E
4
3
10
15
«
8
r.
::
I!
:;
12
r
u
2:3
m
M
161
r .T4
/ :.o
.142
IPo.l , . Betting ,
•x , Horse, Ajre, Weight" Pet St. H. %. Btr. Fin. Jockeys.. Op. HI. Cl. PI.
! XnOajdwi. 1 9$ 1 1 Ti Tt ill ll J. T>tiy 8-2 »-» >-2 *
t Spik«. 3 9! 1 I »HJl 21 2n Btuart 5 6 8 S
•) Trevathaa. S 9S10 8 8H«2 In 3« Coburn 6 12 13 4
1 (Dolore, 6 611 21 2H 42 42 Domlnlck ... 4 4 11-5 4-5
! |<5arbo, 8 ins 9 8 7 H 7 H 51 51 ' Tullett 10- 19 7 3
i ilm-indistor, 4 1«6 • I 7 »H*8 6 10 €15 J. Woods.... ' I U ' 13 " 4
' |Kati# Walcott. »..10? g* «H8h 71 71 C. Russell... 30 100 100 40
I N*»pl«^. 4 10S 44 4h 51 Sn Sn F. Kelly.... SO 60 60 IS
• Harry Th p cher. 3.100! 68 SH61 91 91 IMounce 6 8 8.8
! ! Jolly Brtton, 8.... S8| 7 10 10 10 10 10 Fauntleroy .15 80 tO 13
V
u
T.
-••!
Scs
1*
y
C.I
a
e and Weight.
m A*ro ne
Ijroat 103
t 1«7
Majtin 1U
Cake 1C7
|Po.|
Fst St. %. %. Etr.
44 11*16 16
113 3 1S 11 SI
2 1 S 2 H 34 3 4
Bl 46 44*420
3 5 5 i 5
Fin.
1 4
Z 2
3 19
4 15
5
c
, Bettlngr »
Jockeys. Op. Hi. Cl. PL
I>om!nlck ... 1-8 1-8 1-8 —
Coburn 15 15 10 6-5
J. Woo«ls.... II 15 15 2
Tullett 10 80 30 4
Mouuce 8 • 25 25 4
n*.ex '
1315 |
1221 > :
1S33 ]
1332 [
or
be
Hi
n n
IT.
rs«. Ap«, VTeljrht.1
md PiichPtn, 6. m!
• ijxiy. x ir»
ley. 4 1<V>
ifalon. 3 114!
-ochf». 4 1C>!
» Pobbv, S <nl
Po.
|Prt St.
j"TT"
E 4
1 1
! « ! «
! 7|r
l l
J n
3 :
45
<
S 2
f—- Betting
H- Etr. Fin. Jockey*. Op. HI. C\. PI.
13 11 12 Loeu* 20 75 60 IS
5 14 2 1 2! # Kiley 4 7 6 3-3
2 8 4 3 3 1 Coburn ..... 8 3 3 P-10
4 3 14 (S J. Woods... 4-S 1 1 11-20
6 5 6 5 5 IC. -Roe* 15 EO 50 12
66 6 6 lDominick .:| 5 7 7 S-5
Po.
Age, TVelght. PFtjSt. %.
!|» Betting- v
Jock«y«; I Op. HI. CL PI.
-Ten
Mr
i. 4 lpnj 2 12 8
wrimy, 6..10] 8 ' t In
a, a 103! ill 22
8 1 n 1 n Coburn B-2 4 8 8-5
H SB t « J. Woods.... 1 1 9-10 1-8
2 h 8 S Mounce . 3-2 2 2 9-20
AC»,
WHrht.j
IPo.l
p*t;st.
H-
•4. Str.
Fin.
I !
| Jcx-keyn. :
\\ Op.
- Bettlnp
HI. Cl.
~rT
rtti
sot
ttd
'n
to. !
¦•us.
mo.
in. •
S .
Rjr*
5
S i
5
5
4
12=
105
5 ....105
5 If*
105
tno!
• ....josj
I * 2
i 5 6
\l I
! 2 i «
1 3
21
4 1
5 1
6 2
S h
14 14
25 25
6 2 4 ]
7 3 >4
52 S 1
61 61 -
4 1 7
1 «
2 8
3 e
4 n
5 S
'« 1
JDominlck ..!
i^riburn
J. Woodd...
Stuart
Mnunw ....
Ranych
TullMt
1
4
4
10
.6
12
I 15
6-3 6-5
% 7
4 13-5
O 40
10 ' 8
15 13
.39 39
2-5
4-5
10
3
5
S
Are.
W*Igh
Pst'fi
-i
H
«i
Fin
Jockeys
, Betting -
Op. HI. Cl.
PI
a.
is
\,
•.
'IS
11 !
B
an
ia
c
€ .
s. B .
, * ¦
la*?*.
Xirse
TlStiO
i. 3
F.
'hot.
-, «
. a
on, :
Z. '.'.'.
3..
.107
.104
.19X1
.110 1
.104
.104
,101
. SSf
. 92'
.IOC"!
< 8
' «
9
8
11
1 1
4 I
j>
2
19
3
5
11
I 1
1 1
7 1
6 h
8 2
f h
: i
9 5
«1
11
m is
4 4
12 12
S H 22
2h 4 H
5 1 3 h
« 1 6 2
43 8 h
76 73
8 2 84
11 31
1« 10 in 2
9 « 9 6
13
2 5
3 1
4 2
6 5
C 1
76
« 2
» 2
10 5
11
Mounc«
Coburn
R&nsch
Fallehy
J. Woods...
IJ. Daly
JDomlnick ..
iFauntleroy .
llx>ru*
jftuart
I Buchanan ..
S
2
8
6
8
10
6
10
! 20
I 10
w
5
5-2
10
6
12
10
S
25
-40
15
30
3
12-5
10
6
12
10
S
25
40
• 15
20
6-5
1
4
2
E
4
3
10
15
«
8
j0b a H m ¦ A. Laflln * Rasd TVaterprr jf
O I Shi B t» Cmckelw Powder, in bvJk
* L bIU\w and. loaded In ihells. Send
Sf I hIIbw* for catalogue cf tporting
C I U I H %-£ roode. OEO. W. SHREVE,
WW"W*^ 7» Market rt. -
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect at warmth and seems to act direct
to the deelred location, giving: strength
end development Just where it is needed
It cures all the ills and troubles that come
from years of misuse of the natural func-
tions and has been an absolute success in
all cases. A request to the State Medical
Institute, 328 Elektron building, Fort
Wayne, Ind.. statin* that you desire one
of their free trial packages, will be com-
plied with promptly. The Institute Is de-
eirous of reaching that great class of men
who are unable to leave home to be treat-
ed, and the free sample, will enable them
to Bee how easy It Is to be cured "?sex-
ual weakness when the proper remedies
are employed. The Institute makes no re-
strictions. Any man who writes will be
cent a free (sample, carefully sealed in a
plain packa ee,. so that its recipient need
have no fear of embarrassment or public-
ity. Readers are requested to .write with-
out delay. -• . ,
Free trial packages of a most remarka-
ble remedy are being mailed to all who
will write the State Medical Institute
They cured so many men who ha<? bat-
tled lor years against the mental and
physical tuffering of lost manhood that
ihe Institute has decided to distribute
tree trial packages to all who write. It
Is a home treatment, and ail men who
suffer from any form of sexual weakness
resulting from youthful folly, prematura
loss of strength and memory, weak back
varicocele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at home.
to All Who Write.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mall
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
A Most Bemarkablo Remedy That
SENT FflEETO-MENT-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
II papoids | Each Tablet d
|||^K Stamped thus 8
Guaranteed J
Dyspepsia IThe. Ladles' Aid Society of the Emanuel
Evangelical Church will hold a bazaar at
Foresters' Hall, 102 O'.Farrell street, on
next Thursday and Friday evenings.
Many. attracUon8,aj©.prpnjUe4.' —
Ladies' Aid Society Bazaar.
Theatrical Hen Incorporate.
t The Central Theater Amusement Com
pany was Incorporated yesterday with a
capital stock of $60,020. The stock is ail
subscribed, as follows: Fred Belasco
$20,000; Mark Thall, $20,000; M.'E. Mayer
$20,000: Edward Belasco, $10; Milton M.'
payfc.'*l0. _ • .... -
Divorced Couple Will Remarry.
Ernest W. C. F. Schmidt took out a li
cense in the County Clerk's office yester
day to remarry his former wife. Maria
A. Schmidt, from whom he was divorced
in July, 1899. They gave their respective
aeTes as 56 and 52 and their resldeaco
as £20 Folsom street.
P?.rk Music Programme.
If the weather permits of band music
at the park to-day the following pro
gramme will be rendered:
Overture, "Circe" Wettge
Waltz songs. Introducing '"You'ra the Only-
One" and "My Heart Loves You, Too"-
.Keiser
Themes from "El Capitan" Sousa
Oboe solo, "Sweet Spirit, Hear My Prayer"
• •• ..Wallace
Performed by J. L. Mundwyler.
D*BCtipti\-e. "Columbus Fantasle" Hermann
Overture, "FreischuU" Weber
"Celebrated Largo" 5 Handel
"Hungarian Fantasia" Toba.nl
Idyl. "Forge in : the Forest" ..Mlchaolls
March, "Eanda Boca." .....^...,. v .,.Borrtatlao
Dondolo Sues for Divorce.
Frank Dondolo filed suit yesterday
against Amy Dondolo for, divorce, alleg
ing cruelty as cause of action. Among
other things, Dondolo alleges that hl3
wife called him «. "Chinaman*, 1 and on
their voyage here from Australia threw
her wedding ring at him and told him he
was "worse than -a. Chinaman."
"Wonts Will . Produced.
A petition was filed yesterday, by Mrs.
Mary A. Hasbrouch of Pacific Grove ask
ing that Mrs. John H. Frost, widow of
the petitioner's son, be required to pro
duce the will of her late husband John
H. Frost. Mrs. Hasbrouch alleges that
her son disposed of his estate, valued at
$5000, in a will dated November 3, 1808,
and her daughter-in-law now refuses to
produce the testament.
The Railroad Conference.
NorWng new developed at tho railroad
delegates' conference with Manager Fill
more yesterday. Another meeting will b«
held to-morrow. Manager Flllmore said
last night that he would probably not be
ready to decide the case before the middle
of the week. Nothing has yet been done
with regard to the switchmen's griev
ances, and It may be several weeks yet
before. they are given a hearing.
Secretary Rosenberg Honored.
Ed Rosenberg, secretary of the San
Francisco Labor Council, was honored by
receiving the unanimous vote of the coun
cil for delegate to the. American Federa
tion of Labor. The national' meeting of
the Federation will be held In Louisville,
Ky., on the 3d of December. To represent
Ban Francisco at this assemblage Is held
a very great honor among the union dele
gates, as It brings the representatives into
direct touch with all of the leading men
of the organization. Mr. Rosenberg will
try to have a permanent paid organizer
appointed for the Pacific Coast.* Delegate
A. Dijeau of the Musicians' Union will
act as temporary secretary of the council
during Rosenberg's absence.
GOLFERS CONTEND FOB
THE COUNCIL'S TROPHY
The semi-final round of the competition
for the Council's Cup for men* was played
yesterday afternoon on the links of the
San FrandBCO Golf Club. H. B. Goodwin
defeated H. Golcher 4 up 2 to play, and
6. L. Abbot Jr. beat H. D. Pfllsbury 4
up 3 to play. H. B. Goodwin and 8. L.
Abbot Jr. will play the f.nal round at a
time mutually agreed on, and the winner
will have his name and score engraved
upon the trophy. . If H. B. Goodwin should
prove the winner, he will receive a mini
ature of the cup an i memento, but If
S, L. Abbot Jr. should be victorious, ho
will have to be content with the honor of
having his name engraved on the trophy,
as' he already possesses a miniature cup
as the reward of a former victory.
Five members of Class B played a
sweepstakes yesterday afternoon over
eighteen holes, with handicap, the winner
being Major C. Christensen. with a score
of 118 less 18—100.
Among the ladies of the San Francisco
Golf Club. Miss McBean on Wednesday
beat : Miss Morgan 5 up. Robert John
stone, the professional at the Pre'sidlo
links, has made a wonderful record of 35
for nine holes, beating nis own previous
record score of 37. . , „-;
Hibernians' Grand Ball.
Division Xo. 10, Ancient Order of Hi
bernians, gave its sixth annual ball last
evening at Native Sons' Hall. The hall
was beautifully decorated for the occa
sion with. bunting and American and Irish
flags. One of the features of the even-
Ing was a vocal solo by Professor Banter.
Martin McHugh and Miss McBrlde led the
grand march. The committees were as
follows:
Reception — J. Coarhlan fchalrman), J.
H. Dolan, Dr. T. E. Bailey, Henry Mulve
hl!l. J. Barnicle, J. O'Connor. D. Hurton,
T. Flynn. D. Gallagher, T. Devlne. C. B.
Flannaeran, Dr. P. J. Conran, Thomas
Ward, P. J. Conlff, J. J. Malley. S. McCue,
Charles Egan. M. K. Casey and J. Shea.
Floor— G. J. Lowe (manager). J. J.
Coghlan (assistant), P. E. Lynch, John
Donovan and Thomas Kerrigan.
Arrangements — M. Donohoe (chairman),
George J. Lowe, G. O'Netl. John Donohoe.
Peter McKeon. J. J. Coghlan and William
Gillesple.
CTLTJB HIDALGO GIVES
VERY SUCCESSFUL DANCE
Patriotic Organization Entertains La
dles Who Helped It on Mexican
Independence Celebration Day.
Washington Square Hall was the scene
of a very successful ball and concert last
night tendered by the members of the
Mexican Club Hidalgo to the ladles who
took part in the club's independence day
celebration last September.
A fine bust of Miguel Hidalgo was pre
sented to the club by Mexican . Consul
General A. K. Coney and Senorlta Andrea
Mojica. Mr. Coney styled Hidalgo the
George Washington of Mexico.
During the evening a chorus of twenty
five ladies sang the Mexican ¦ national
hymn with thrilling effect. The following
named were In the chorus:
Carolina Schnegula, Emilia Schntrula, Rosa
Santlvanes. Lulu Usrarte, Joseflna Mesa, Car
lota Rodriguez. Cartnela Ehisenberry. Elena
Rlncon. Irene Luelch. Isabel Hildreth. Soledad
OccRueda Koparlo Rlvaa, Antonla Schncgrula.
Catallna Padilla, Emma Padllla, Adela Padllla,
Ramona Acevedo, Josie Mendoia, Rosa Am
broslo Margarita Fl&ueroa. Lidla Firueroa,
Maria Ocegueda, Klolza Armenta, Frandsca
Ambroslo.
The committees in charge consisted of
the following named:
Committee of arrangements— V. D. Medina,
E. Chadwick, G. D. Kotta, A. Pnga, L. Cal
villo. M Sanches, M. Exquerro.
Reception— Mr». H. de Sanchei. W. Van der
Kaay, J. Garcia, F. Marcuse, E. M. Navarrete,
F. Atlas R. Guzman, -8. RIvero, M. Ramirez,
J MenecVs. A. Sorla, P. Alvarado, P. Padllla,
EL' Estrada, I>. Du Fresne. F. I^arktn. L.
Careon. R. Clapp, P. Dial. : G. Ursua, P.
Robles, P. Ochoa, 8. Mesino.
Floor- manager— 11. Ezquerro; assistant, A.
Rojo. . ¦ ¦
- Floor committee— F. Fernandez. L. Pabellcn,
A. Agullar. M. Vaequei, A. Tejada," A. Scott.
GADSKI ENTRANCES THE
SAN FRANCISCO VEREIN
Swell Reception Given by the Organ
ization at Which the Great
Diva. Sings. '->y-
One of the swellest receptions of the
season was that given at Verein Hall last
night by the San Francisco Vereln. An
immeryse audience was present and enjoyed
several solos by Harry Samuels. The
great event of the evening, however was
contributed by Madame Gadskl the
famous Wagnerlan soprano. When she
sang "Fur Muslk" the audience listened
in silence till the last notes died away,
then broke into a storm of applause and
covered the stage with magnificent bou
quets. Never can the great singer have
received a more heartfelt ovation. She
had to clng several times more before her
entranced audience would permit her to
rest. Gadskl'e accompanlBt was Mrs
Hochatadter.
After the concert the floor was cleared
for dancing. At midnight an elaborate
supper was served to four hundred guests.
Tho committee of arrangements consist
ed of Milton Esberg. B. Lilienthal J.
Friedlander, Dr. Jellinek, Mr. Hart and
Max Goldsmith. * ~,
THE CHINOOK BRAVE WHO
IS SEEKING FAME IN THE
PRIZERING.
Bio Grande Vacancy Said to Be Open
WANTED IN SALT LAKE.
to Local Man.
The Salt Lake newspapers are authority
for the statement that W. H. Snedaker of
this city will in all probability succeed 8.
J. Henry asjreneral freight agent for the
Rio Grande WVstern at Salt Lake. Mr.
Henry recently resigned to accept a posi
tion in the East. Mr. Snedaker was
formerly general agent here for the Rio
Grande Western, and he is at the present
time the Pacific Coast representative of
the Illinois Central. He has earned a
splendid reputation In railroad circles and
is well fitted for the position.
Society of New Yorkers Will Cele
brate the Anniversary at the
IN COMMEMORATION
OF* EVACUATION DAY
Banquet Table.
The Society of New Yorkers will give
Its first annual banquet at the Occidental
Hotel on next Saturday evening in com
memoration of the day when the last
English troops left New York, generally
known as "Evacuation day." The date
was November 23, but for obvious rea
sons the society celebrates on the eve
thereof. In addition to the edibles with
the usual accompaniments, the commit
tee of arrangements has prepared a feast
of reason— reason why all are glad that
they are New l'orkers. The committee In
a circular to members says:
Though some may be tn»n of few words Ilk*
the renowned Governor Wouter Van Twlller of
ancient memory, there are many among us who
can, and doubtless will, give "ingenious theo
ries and philosophical speculations concerning:
the creation of the world as connected with tha
history of New York"; discuss the rise of par
ties In the Nieuw Nederlands — the Long Pipes.
the Short Pfpes and the Quids, the originals of
all parties In this entire country: talk about
the "renowned city of Manhattocn, formerly
called New Amsterdam, and now vulgarly call
ed New York," which Is more fortunate than
other American cltlca In having "an antiquity
extending back into the regions of doubt ana
fable": recall the "Headless Horseman of
Sleepy Hollow": the doughty deeds of Mas
ter HendTlck Hudson In the New Netherlands,
and the achievements of tha famous Governor
Teter Stuyvesant.
The officers of the society are: W. H.
L. Barnes, president: W, R, Stnedberg
and Max Popper, vice presidents; Colonel
H. P. Bush, secretary: P. I. Fisher, treas
urer; J. P. Meehan, J. N. Much, G. W.
Slchel, W. McMann, E. B. Read and Col
onel C. Mason Klnne, executive commit
tee. \
Poolroom Cases Continued.
Ten poolrootn cases in Judge Conlan's
court were again called yesterday and
continued till November CO. Eight cases
in Judge Cabanlss' court were continued
till November 21. It is expected that by
that time the decision on the appeal cases
will have been rendered, as the arguments
are to be heard to-morrow by Judges
Cook, Dunne and Lawlor. sitting In bank.
ROYAL MARINE BAND
AT THE PRESS CLTJ3
Excellent Italian - Organization De
lights the Members With
Its Selections.
Through the courtesy of Managers Fer
n:clo Giarmint and Char.nine Ellerv. the
members of the Press Club were prlv
iie^ed to enjoy a concert by the Royal
Ms rise Band of Italy last night.
The Jinks room of the club was com
fortably filled by the club members who
listened with pleasure to the excellent
rendition of several selections. Xotwith
ftanding he had appeared at the regular
performance Ft the California earlier In
the evening. Director Mlnolltl was at his
best, as were also the members of the ex
cellent organization. Solos ¦were rendered
by Sip, Setaro, the harpist, and Big-. Gian
nlni, tenor, both receiving vigorous ap
plause.
Class of '77, B. H. S.
The twenty-third annual reunion of the
class who were graduated from the Boys'
High School of this city in 1S77 was held
last Friday evening at Marehand's res
taurant. Hon. Washington Dodge officiat
ing as master of ceremonies. Fred Baruch
ably assisting him as toastmaster. Those
present were: Washington Dodge. Wil
liam Greenbaum. Louis Strauss. \Villiam
Holmes. Henrv M. Bloch. Daniel Suter,
Fred Baruch. Henry S. Manhelm. Robert
R. Vail and William H. Wiggins Jr.
All Hallows' Church Benefit.
An entertainment .and social for the
benefit of All Hallows' Church will be
given at the opera-house at Fourteenth
and Railroad avenues on Thanksgiving
evening by the young ladles of the parish.
The programme will Include specialties,
musical selections and recitations and
will conclude with a farce. Mrs. Troy.
Miss L. Gllmore, Miss I. Manning, Mrs.
J. CBrlen. Misses Nora Regan, A. Daly,
A. Ayres, T. Pegulla and I* Turner have
the affair In hand.
YOUNG HARASZTHY WAS
HERO OF THE ROMANCE
Miss Columbia von Schmidt "Was Ba
trothed to the Son and Not
the Father.
The mystery that coupled the name of
Miss Columbia von Schmidt and that of
the late Arpad Haraszthy has been all
cleared away. A romanc^ bound the old
gentleman and the fair young stenogra
jjher. but the deceased was not the hero
of the story.
Five years ago Miss von Schmidt and
Carlos Haraszthy, the young son of the
champagne man, were engaged to be mar
ried. The engagement ¦was afterward
broken off, and while Carlos went off to
France his father never lost interest in
the girl who was to have been his daugh
ter-in-law.
"Mr. Haraszthy and my family had been
intimate friends for many years." said
Miss von Schmidt yesterday. "He was
very kind to us all and we owed to him
many favors. When I graduated from
business college I went Into Mr. Harazs
thy's employ and continued with him for
several years. After a while my health
failed me and I sought other employment,
work that did not confine me so 'to my
desk. In my search for a different kind
of work I had the assistance and Influ
ence of Mr. Haraszthv. Five vears ago I
was engaged to his son Carlos. The en
gagement was broken off. I was never
engaged to Mr. Haraszthy, and there was
never a question of such a thing between
us."
Miss von Schmidt was In charge of the
Children's Bureau at the Midwinter Fair,
and lt~Tra*Hn her charge that the Infant
who was abandoned at the exposition was
placed. Miss von Schmidt has since
adoptod the little waif, who under her
care has grown into a tine, attractive lit
tle girl.
FILL-BLOODED INDIAN WILL BOX
BEFORE BAY CITY ATHLETIC CLUB
J e Gregg Takes to the Warpath and Is After the Scalp o
the Clever Young Pugilist, Charles Hawley.
WAR-WHOOPS will rend the
atmosphere at the monthly
bcrxing exhibition of the Bay
City Athletic Club to-morrow
evening, but the blood-curd-
Ilngr yells will pour from the throats of
palefaces gathered around a roped arena
to watch a full-blooded Indian do battle
with a white man. The brave will again
listen to familiar cries and the encourag
ing shouts, although they come from hid
traditional enemy, will cheer him on to
victory.
"Indian" Joe Gregg has taken the war-
Fiath, but he has laid aside the* tomahawk
or the more modern weapon— the boxing
glove. He will do battle with Charlos
Hawley, a lusty youth who outfought
clever Salisbury at tne last fistic enter
tainment given by the club. The redman
swears he will take Hawley'" scalp, but
the latter expects to fool his foe by en
tering the ring with his hair cropped
close, and in condition to make the fight
of his life.
Ring-goers of this city have recently
watched the antics of a Chinaman in the
ring and have In the past seen boxers of
almost every nationality answer the call
of the gong, but they have yet to see an
Indian in action. Great curiosity, there
fore, has been manifested among follow
ers of the pastime to see Gregg In the
ring. He has come to this city unherald
ed, but that he Is a dangerous opponent
In the ring is attested by his many vic
tories " He Is short and stocklly built,
broad of shoulder and lithe of limb. He
la a full-blooded Chinook. His half
brother has won fame as a member of
the Carlisle Indian football team. Gregg is
a fairly clever boxer, and a terrific hitter.
That he does not lack courage and ability
to take punishment was manifested two
days ago, when he withstood the heavy
punches of Henry Lewis, f ne colored
nsrhter. who tried him out.
The club will present seven preliminary
bouts. Bert Crowder will box four rounds
with Tom Hale: Johnny Ware meets Wil
liam Snallem: Joe Allen boxes Jim Kelly:
Peter Coleman meets George Merrltt: Joe
Sullivan fights Jim Carney; Oscar Wilson
does battle with William O'Brien, and
Jack Sullivan will meet Jim Ryan.
YOUTHS HELP TO SWELL
TEACHERS' ANNUITY FUND
Juveniles Give Clever Entertainment
in Aid of the Retirement
Association.
The Juvenile entertainment given last
night at Metropolitan Temple under th-i
auspices of the Public School Tea'chers'
Annuity Association for the benefit of re
tired teachers helped to swell the annuity
fund by several hundred dollars Thi
programme was rendered by talented
pupils of the public schools, under the
able instruction of Professor William
J. O'Brien. The performance consisted
of coon dances, Irish Jigs, waltz clog>,
skirt dances, etc., by Amy Treacy, Reyna
Belasco. Vera Edmondson. Alolse Geb
hardt, Estella Jacob. Lolia Ccggins Veva
Anderson. Edna Martin, Vera Lltz' Rob
bie Stack. Vera Alborell. Edward Liu.
Ethel Schwaner and Ramon Landsberger,
all of whom distinguished themselves In
their various turns. Specialties were givon
by Gladys W'eller and little Ruth Magruirf .
who were well received by the large, au
dience present.
A feature of the entertainment was the
competitive cakewalk between Vera Lltz
and Ed Litz and Robbie Stack and Edna
Martin. Both couples gave a pretty ex
hibition of the popular fad. the two last
named children doing some exceptionally
fine work on tip toes. The applause was
to have decided who won the contest, .but
Professor O'Brien was obliged to call it
a draw as both pair appeared to be equal
favorites.
The successful affair was under the
management of Miss Estelle Carpenter,
director of music in the city schools; Mrs.
M. L. O'Xeal. principal of the Lagura
Honda School; Miss M. J. Henderson of
the James Lick Grammar School aiiil
Deputy Superintendent of Schools A. L.
Jordan, who Is also secretary of the An
nuity Association. Twenty pupils from
the high school drawing class of the Hum
boldt Evening School acted r.s ushers an.l
carefully saw to the comfort of every
guest.
Vehicle Blacksmiths' Union.
The second meeting of the Carriage and
Wag-on Blacksmiths' Union will be held
to-morrow night at Pythian Castle Hall.
This will be the last meeting before tha
charter closes, and as a consequence a
large attendance Is expected. This union
Is reaching out to gather in all the
"smiths" who work on vehicles in the
city.
St. Hose's Church Entertainment.
The sodalities of St. Rose's Church will
give a musical and literary entertainment
at Union-square Hall to-morrow night.
The feature of the entertainment will be
scenes from the life of Christ. Illustrated
by stereoptlcon views, by Rev, H. H.
"Wyman, C. S. P. Dancing will follow.
CAPTAIN COBLENTZ AND
M. LTTZARICHO IN A DUEL
Witnesses Stop the Contest After the
French Officer Receives
Three Wounds.
PARIS. N'ov. 17.— The Coblentz affair is
becoming an issue likely to les.d to liii
ther anti-Semitic feeling In the army cir
cles. A few days ago M. Lebaudy, the
well-known turfman, issued the usual In
\-ltatlon to the officials of the school at
Fontalnebleau to take part in a hunt.
Captain Coblentz. among other officers,
accepted the Invitation, but when he ap
peared the Lebaudys abandoned the hunt
on account of the incident at the Auteull
races on November 4 and Its outcome.
As a result of this tr«r*ment on tne day
of the Lebaudys' nunt Captain Coblentz
sent seconds to Roger Luiaricho. a
brother-in-law of Lebaudy, and a duel
with swords was fous?ht this afternoon.
In the second assault Captain Coblentz
received a slight laceration of the fore
arm and in the fourth assault he was
twice wounded In the same arm, one of
the sword thrusts penetrating the cubital
nerve, after which the witnesses stopped
the contest.
The commanding officer of the Fontalne
bleau School has forbidden the officers of
that Institution and the pupils from par
ticipating hereafter In the Lebaudy hunts.
AJTEBICANS COMPLIMENTED.
Good Work of Quartermasters and
Commissaries at Peking.
TIENTSIN, Oct. I— The problem of
placing: sufficient supplies in Peking for
the. large force which is to ¦winter there
has afforded a fine test for the quarter
master and commissary departments of
the various forces. In fact It has been ,i
contest of methods and systems and it la
generally- acknowledged that at present
the Americans are ahead.
Winter clothing In sufficient' quantity
for all pressing needs Is now in Pekme,
and tentage and camp stoves will be thera
In time for cold weather. Thejjhlef prob
lem has been transportation. Every junk
and lighter in the Pelho region has been
pressed Into service by the allies and ut
the start the Americans were somewhac
handicapped. This, however, has now
been remedied.
In the matter of animal transport tha
United States contingent of the Chines
expeditionary force Is conceded to be the
superior of any. except, perhaps, tho
splendidly equipped Indian pack trains of
the British. The big army wagons and
large mules have been greatly admired
by the officers of other forces and the
character and quantity of the America i
supplies have been much complimented.
Dr. J. S. Eastman of Berkeley will be
president of the faculty and Dr. R. T.
Stratton will be registrar; the Surgical
and Gynaecological College clinics will be
conducted by Drs. W. S. Porter. Oliver D.
Hamlln and J. L. Milton. The faculty
have all agreed to donate their services
and have. In addition, subscribed toward
the fund that will operat^e the college dur
ing the first year. This will not make it
necessary to depend upon the tuition fees
for some time to come. Additional mem
bers of the faculty will be named, and it
is expected that next year will see the
college in operation. A full four-year
course In the regular school of medicine
will be given.
J. L. Milton, anatomy; Dr. O'iver D. Ham-
Un. visceral anatomy.
The faculty has been se'.ected as follows:
Dr. D. D. Crowley. professor of principles
and practice of surgery and clinical sur
prery; Dr. F. L. Adams, clinical surgery;
Dr. J. S. Eastman, professor of the prin
ciples and practice of medicine; Dr. Carl
R. Krone, pathology; Dr. Hayward G.
Thomas, opthaimology and otology; Dr.
S. H. Buteau, gynaecology: Dr. W. F. B.
"Wnkefleld, clinical gynaecology; Dr. R. T.
Stratton, nervous diseases and cerebral
surgery; Dr."*Edward N. Ewer, obstetrics;
Dr. W. S. Porter, surgical anatomy; Dr.
gentlemen— D. D. Crowley. M. D.; S. H.
Buteau. M. D.; Edward N*. Ewer, M. D.;
J. L. Milton, M. D.: W. S. Porter, M. D.;
R. T. Stratton. M. D.; Hay ward G. Thom
as. M. 1)., and W. F. B. Wakefleld..M. D.
The officers of the institution were elect
ed, as follows: President. Frank L. Ad
ams, M. D. ; secretary. Carl R. Krone, M.
D.; president of the faculty. J. S. East
man, M. D.; directors, in addition to these
OAKL.AXD. Nov. 17.— The Oakland
College of Physicians and Sur
geons has completed It? reorgani
zation, its incorporation papers
have been fll«-d and its facility his
been selected. The general plans of the
college have been made, enough ha? been
subscribed to operate the school for the
first year, and It is expected that it will be
In operation In time for the fall term next
year.
RAILROAD MEN IN SESSION.
Meeting of the Pacific Coast Club at
the Palace Hotel.
The Pacific Coast Railroad Club met at
the Palace Hotel In this city last evening.
The club has a membership of over 300.
who represent nearly every department
in the several Pacific Coast railroad com
panies. There were about fifty present at
last night's meeting, which was given up
mainly to a paper on "Tonnage Rating
for Locomotive?." by B. A. Worthington.
II. J. Small of Sacramento io president
of the club and E. A. Gilbert of Sacra
mento Is secretary. An informal discus
sion followed the reading of the paper.
The next meeting will probably be held In
Sacramento.
CLARK IS COMING HEBE.
Will Be in Salt Lake This Week to
Attend Meeting.
It is expected that Senator W. A. Clark
will be In this city within the next week
or two on his way to Los Angeles, where
he goes to attend to matters relating to
the new Los Angeles-Salt Lake road.
Senator Clark and J. Ross Clark are now
in the East and are expected in Salt Lake
City on the 20th. Other capitalists inter
ested in the new road have been notified
to be in Salt Lake at about the same
time, when it is expected that organiza
tion of the new company will be com
pleted.
The articles of incorporation are all
ready for ftling. and It Is expected that all
these matters will be attended to when
the gentlemen Interested get together the
latter part of this week.
The text of the veto by the Mayor of
the bill cf the Secretary of State for the
official ballot paper furnished to this city
end county for the last general election
vas made public yesterday. The reason
given for the veto Is that the charge for
the paper was "greatly in t excess of the
ir.arket rates." He leaves the matter to
the determination of the Board of Super
visors. The full text of the veto is as fol
lows:
To the Honorable the Board of Supervisors
cf the City end County of San Francisco—Gen
t'.eir.en: I herewith return to you without my
f-rproval & demand upon the treasury in favor
< r the Secretary of State for $725. being for 293
r-ams of bailot paper. 15*4x25* In *iie. at $2 50
r-er ream, which Is equivalent to 12*- cents a
jocund.
My attention has been called by the Registrar
at Voters of this city and county to the fact
that this la an excessive price. In proof whereof
I inclose j-ou coptea of letters received by him
from Mesera. Blake, Moff.tt & Towne, Bones
tell & Co. and the Santa Clara Valley Paper
Company, showing that the paper can be
bought as low as 6 cents per pound In the open
market, whereas the bill rendered is at the rate
of 12Vj cents per round.
I have ascertained that Secretary of State
Curry did not invite bids for ballot paper and
Fave it to the contractor without competition,
as we have seen, at a price greatlv In exces*
r-t the market rates. The whole amount of the
j'urchase made by the Secretary of Btate was
JD400. which at 6 crats a pound, the apparent
market price, should have amounted to only
$2160.
The Secretary of State la obliged to furnish
the counties with ballot paper at coet, but the
quertlcn is what protection have the counties
.•" ca:r.n excessive cost imposed upon them by
the Peeretary of State? «•
I 4«m it icy duty to lea»e this matter ror
the determination of the Board of Supervisors.
lleepectTuIljr eabmiitefl.
JAMLXJ D. PHELAN. Mayor.
The Supervisors will consider the veto at
their regular meeting to-morrow. Mayor
Phelan refers to Registrar Walsh as his
authority for the charges he makes
against the office of the Secretary of State
in his communication. Registrar Walsh
has made other statements. He has ob
jected to the size of paper sent down
from the office of the Secretary of State
because it was not largs enough to make
two ballots of and ¦was too large for one,
so that the cutting involved waste of the
paper. He has objected to the slie on
another ground, which is that where only
one ballot could be gotten out of one
pheet, the press work was made twice as
jsrreat as it needed to have been and this
ii<>ded another expense to the cost of the
ballots. The average cost of the bailees
VMM one-half of one cent each before any
printing was placed upon them. These
matters he has talked freely about the
City Hall and it was upon his repre^nta
tions that the Mayor held up the bill,
which has already been passed by the
B<">ard of Election Commissioners.
The basis upon which Walsh has figured
Is that a ream of the paper that he, re
ceived from the Secretary of State
weighed twenty pounds on the scale? an<i
this was th» way he reached the fact that
32^ cents per pound was the price of the
jiaper as billed by the Secretary of State's
office. He took samples of the ballot pa-
K-r personally to several paper houses.
Representatives of other houses visited
him at the Citv Hall and made written
offers to furnish the Fame groods at half
the price charged and less. All the coun
ties were charged 12"-~ cents per pound by
the Secretary of States office.
Text of Document Supplies Beasons
_Which Mayor Adduces for Op
position to Secretary
of State.
City Ballots.
Requests Supervisors to De
cide on Payment for
WHY HE VETOED
BILL FOR PAPER
NEW TORK, Nov. 17.— A World special
from London says: From the latest in
formation obtainable in the Jockey Club' 3
stewards' investigations of Lord Dur
ham's charges against Jockey Relff and
Trainer Wlshard. it looks as If there are
stormy times coming for his Lordship.
It has just transpired that during tha
investigation the stewards called upon
Richard Croker's representative for Mr.
Croker 1 * betting books. This is an action
that is very humiliating to an English
man. It Is a step so grave that stew
ards rarely resort to it. It is a stigma
upon his good name, as It Implies a doubt
as to his honesty. A man whose betting
books have been called for, no matter
what the action of the stewards Is after
ward, is for a long time a suspected per
son.
Only time can eradicate these feelings.
It Is painful to an Englishman, but it is
doubly painful to an American and the
friends of Mr. Croker. who know his tight
ing proclivities, say Lord Durham will
have cause to regret his action. One of
the friends of the New Yorker said to
night that Mr. Croker's hurry to get back
to England was due to the demand for his
betting books. This action of the stew
ards was cabled to him. These books d»<l
more than anything else to prove to the
stewards that the two races between
Richard CrOJser's The Scotchman II an«l
Lrf>rd Durham's Gerolstein were truly and
honestly run. They showed that Mr.
Croker lost heavily at*Doncaster when.
The Scotchman II lost and that he ha<i
so little confidence in the horse that r.a
did not bet on him at all when he won
at Liverpool. It is now said Reiff's fu
ture action «iepend3 on Mr. Croker. The
Jockey is waiting for him to arrive. On
him depends whether Lord Durham will
be sued for libel.
The humiliation put upon Mr. Croker
by demand for his betting books wi'.l. hi*
friends think, cause him to urge Iteiff to
sue Lord Durham. This will not be the
first time a jockey has sued for dam
ages for libel. About twelve years ago
Sir George Chetwynd accused Jockey
Wood of "pulling" a horse. The Jockey
brought suit, carried it through several
courts and secured Judirment. Lord Dur
ham now faces probably the same fat-.
The true sportsmen here are happy that
hi? lordship, who la never popular, ha*
been proven wrong. Many hope he will
be sued.
When Besult Is Made Known
Beiff May Sue His Lordship
For Heavy Dam-
Investigation Into Charges
Made by Lord
Durham.
STEWARDS WANT
CROKER'S BOOKS
MONTREAL, Nov. 17. — Official an
nouncement «vas made this afternoon by
Sir Rivers "Wilson, president cf the Grand
Trunk Railway system, that George B.
Reeve, formerly traffic manasrer.had been
appointed general manager of the system,
to succeed Charles M. Hays, who is go
ing to San Francisco as president of the
Southern Pacific. Mr. Reeve3 is now on
his way to Montreal to confer with the
chief executives of the company. • It. la
said President Wilson was governed in his
selection by the recommendation made a
week ago at New York by Mr. Hays.
From semi-official sources it was learned
to-night that F. H. McGuigan. general su
pcrlntendent of the Grand Trunk, had the
refusal of the lirst offer to become its
general manager. It is als»o undersood
that while no changes are contemplated
in any of the departments it is believed
several officials who have been with Mr.
Hays since his coming to Canada will join
him In California.
George B. Reeve, Formerly
the Traffic Manager, Is
Named.
Succeeds Charles M. Hays, Who Not
Long Ago Was Appointed to the
Presidency of the Southern
Pacific.
NEW MANAGER OF
THE GRAND TRUNK
It Is of Small Proportions and Does
Little Damage, but All Kinds
of Stories Are
Told.
OAKLAND. Nov. 17.— The only building
that was ever struck by lightning In Oak
land is that owned by Henry Meyer on
the northwest corner of Sixth street and
Broadway, and the bolt fell in the little
storm that drenched Oakland for a few
moments last night. Mr. Meyer is very
proud cf this fact, even though he has
quite a little bill for repairs to settle, and
though he was given a decided shock in
more v ays than one last night.
Tlie MgMn'ng bolt was a little one that
strayed irem home and got lost in
darkest Oakland. It wasn't a full grown
bolt and ihe damage did not amount to
much, but the lack of damage was more
than compensated for by the excitement
of the moment.
There is a small saloon in the rear of the
building, and there were several in the
room who had gathered there, for pro
tection from the storm. While they wore
waiting for the little summer shower to
pass over there was an invitation to have
a drink, and the barkeeper was just en
gaged in mixing the concoctions when the
little thunderbolt got loose and began Its
antics.
The bolt tore the tin off the roof of the
building and then danced out upon the
cornice of the building and knocked a few
bricks off just to show that it wa6 alive
and could do "stums" If It only wanted
to. When the bricks began to fall Into
the street and clatter upon the sidewalk
the inmates of the saloon, who were wait
ing for their drinks, got a little excited.
Then the little thunderbolt gx>t entlrely
off the reservation and kicked up its heels
and wandered around upon the bar and
mixed a few thunder and lightning
cocktails and then left as suddenly as it
came.
There are all kinds of stories as to Just
what did happen In the saloon. One of
the Inmates swears that the bolt came
down the chimney and another is equally
positive that it came In the window. The
barkeeper says that it brought a brick
with It down the chimney and mixed the
brick and the mortar up~with his best
cocktail"?.
Every man in the room owears that the
bolt was a fullfledged. man-sized affair.
except a quiet man who sat in the corner
reading the morning paper. He says that
a few bricks dropped into the street and
the barkeeper became so excited that he
ppllled the cocktails and the rest of the
inmates of the room were too busv dodg
ing to know what happened. But the
quiet man In the corner had not been In
vited to take a drink, which may account
for his pessimistic criticism.
But the building was struck. Just the
same, and the cloudburst that visited
Oakland brought the heaviest rain that
ever fell here. It is estimated that three
quarters of an Inch of rain fell inside of
half an hour. The rainfall for the night
was over an Inch. --».
Oaklanders Are Immensely
Proud of Their First
Thunder Storm.
BABY BOLT CUTS
UP QUEER ANTICS
THE ;SAff FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 1900.
Articles of Incorporation of the New Institution Are
Filed, Officers Selected and a Faculty Chosen.
MEDICAL COLLEGE AT OAKLAND WILL
SOON BE READY TO TAKE STUDENTS
DR. \V. F. B. WAKEFIELD, D. D. CROWLEY. S. II. BUTEAU, FRANK L. ADAMS. J. S. EASTMAN AND CARL R.
KRONE, DIRECTORS OF THE NEW MEDICAL COLLEGE AT OAKLAND. NAMES BEGIN WITH PHOTO ON
LEFT HAND SIDE AT THE TOP.
25
ADVEBTISEM-SUT5.
" CALTHOS "
Prof. Laborde's Marvelous French Cure for Lost Manhood.
FIVE DAYS' TRIAL TREATMENT
.Sent Absolutely Free by Sealed Ms!! To All Sufferers.
.., „ ' ~°-' NO C. 0, D. OR DEPOSIT SCHEME.
[FREE: TOWiJJMEBl
Hf^ftV-^^TdPSrcSsI The only preparation known to science which real!*
MM&Ms£K*9B&gt& yt^w cares Lost Manhood is •• CALTWOS," the marvelous
tSSSE&vK&ifv'TBB&St /t^^^L. French remedy discovered by Prof. Jules Laborde. it is
B£Bjfe£#ila*flll H I 1 ' -. controlled in this country by The Von Mohl Company, of
»ME^Iii& B V "X^Jt Cincinnati, Ohio, a concern n-hich occupies a high and
P$|LHP?$iPw9B/l ajJj honorable place in the world of medicine. It Is one of the
PB3b?5E£&' *&"*&*&& I s y largest and most responsible houses in Cincinnati, a*
fgftwfiwWWiy anyone who is acquainted in that city will testify.
8^™^$$$/ jm N '- J7\ The Voa Mon l Company invitea all men suffering
li'VH^SiSlaily tV II f* frora Lost ""hood. Spermatorrhoea, Varicocele. Small
¦^W«$fty /O^_^- II ! P° r t» or Weakness of any nature ia the Nerves or Sexnai
&*'$%!)&$¦/ AS&T^s'ili fr Organs, to send their names and receive a fire days' treat*
tBW&te J Xi^StiP*? // II ment. Thie will prove the wonderful vitalizing power*
mtV&W 0%£&fy/ Cf "CALTtiOS." After usini it five days the suiferers
WX-*£2v-k V$iiSx*^/// II ' ' rtl1 find new vl K° r in their organs, new force in their
Wb2w» Wh\> A/ 1\\ mnscles, new blood la their velni, new anbltlon, and
USaJw WK^^^W rapid progress towcrd the buoyant feelings and sens*
HJjflBw* \ |Mr jfTj x |\ tlons of younger days. .
YSl \l \ \\ This liberal free offer is genuine. There is no rwtnd-
gffig.x^A H \\ / lingCO.D. or Deposit Scheme connected with It. The five
¦KJjM?. -fj\ \ \ I days' treatment is sent by scaled mail to ajl on request
K?WW>;*A ' ) I wrapped in a plain package, and full printed Instructions
sTbTA'P ; i?:t*^>\M \ accompany the medicine, so that each patient becomej
KwlW'.-^fea «y ' AWW "** s owa doctor and cures himself at home. '
H^f ; .^fe < «3 \ W It doesn't make any difference what caused th- weak*
BSlg -y? .7i . -' "*P ness-whether bad habits ia vou:h. or exces«, or over-
fflSSr»Sv'-S 7$-' \ work, or business troubles. W CALTHOS" will effect a
PfPjBr$ 5 -'fr**ffj u\ \ cere, no matter what big name the disease may be called
sS&i'&SfBfa oMi v \ I The Voa al °hl Company treata all correspondence in
Hffi2?wff«B I perfect confidence. Under no conditions will it mail
KlR:j5figfl .BBsl'd \ public the names of the thousand* who have written tes-
WBBa$t&iE^M '/UHr$\ if tlmonials telling of their restoration to robust manhood
¦K&V&^Bf vfi^H\>-Ir x after other medicines, and appliances have proved worth-
Bw f . : S / HHY / less. "CALTrlOS" is regolarly used In the French and
HkfrfrjlH 8 I fi German armies, and the soldiers in those countries have
BifrojHH M S I M come to be perfect model* of strength and viulity. Cnrea
E«'%fl E(3m/ A'Z »re effected at all ages f»-«i twenty to eighty years. There
Kft-^H ! Dh A$ : Js bo case (except where -he stage of epilepsy or Insanity
IK^"JI H IV I KfeV has been reached) which 1 will not radically, quickly and
BMIJK'M H I \ pV^?Sl permanently cure. Sexi ti weakaeaa does not cure Itself.
y^ffi^^^ I \ V tjfa : £r!$at^ "jrows worse from we«<: to week. Each day aggravates
««a \ \ \^*S&2k the mental and physical at guish.
Vu!ft^ Send today for the fj •« five days' trial treatment. If it
helps you, more of the cdldne caa be purchased. If it
does not Help, no harm is dose and bo money has been paid ot t. You eaa send your name ia
the full knowledge that it will be kept from all. The " CALl HC»S " department ofoar business
is strictly confidential. Address applications for trial treatn #s», etc., to
THE YON ZIIQm. COMPANY, 400 QjicU^tl QA^^^^^^^l
RI Market Et. 8 F. I Shatrack At. Perkeley
Tth &. W M 'h'n. Oak 1 Central Are, Alameda
Pth & Wood. Oak. 1 5a 1st Street, San Jose.
Choice Creamery Butter
Humboldt and Qnvior* inr*
Point Here. OOUare 3OC
Creameries— no limit.
Sugar Cuied Hams speci-
ally selected lb ii^c
From Iora'i pride prodact— corn
fed — naturally tweet and tender.
Codfish Middles pound 5c
Boneless— new fresh quality — extra-
ordinary price cut, usually 10 to iJJj-ic.
Dudbar's Shrimp Can ioc
Pacfced dry or in pickle, regular 15o
ready for the table.
French Sardines ]/i pound
Superior quality- packed ra _ T cr
in finest olive oil-*bout Can 1 5C
22 fish to the can.
Java and Costa Rica Coffee
Straight blend-our t)Ouno ' 2 cr
most popular seller, puuuu z^c
Leibeg's Meat Extract
L*-ib:gri« •world r\c\T(*r\ $*? C\T\
famous for hia beef QOzen £2.OO
extract, his name i* a strong guarantee
for quality. Eegnlar i2.75.
Sunny Brook Whiskey
full quart bottle 95c
1892— full 10") proof-«traight bourbon.
Regular 51.25.
O. P. S. Whiskey btle 65c
Monarch Brand. Kegular 90c,
Pure Grape Brandy
Made from £ali- „„ 1 1 ort <t j 7 -
fornia tfrajx*. gallon J>A«/£
.Indisp»nsible for good mince meat,
also good for table use.
Zinfandcl Wine gallon 35c
Mild and pleasant flavor
1693 Vintage. Los Cerritos Vineyard,
Regular a w.
Monogram Whiskey or
old McBrayer gal. $2.75
Two of the best known brands
in America. Regular S3.&0 and W.
Encore Scotch Whiskey
DistfUedand » kr«ff1*» rsnr
• bottled by DOttie QOC
Leith Distillery. Scotland. Her- >l-2kSOCIETY
Tuesday last for Yokohama on the steam
er Hongkong Maru. They will bo met by
H. A. Burke, who is in the employ of the
Pacific Mail Steamship Company.
Mrs. 1 I* I^ipsic and family of 260 Wals
worth avenue. Oakland, has removed to
1318 G street, Sacramento.
Mrs. Fred L. Lezlnsky will be at home
on .Wednesday, Kovembcr 21, prior jo be^.
departure on Friday, November 23, for the
¦Kast. where she and ,Mr.. Lezlnsky will
sppnd the Christmas holidays.
Mrs. W. B. Murdoch ia nt I^ike Geneva
with her sister. Madame Jullen PIgnet of
St. Germain, Loire. After visiting in Ly- i
ons Bhe will return to Paris, thence eo to
London. She expects to arrive here early i
next spring. \ . J
a business trip to the Kern. Bakersfield
and Los Angeles oil fields.
Mr. and Mrs A. W. Scott are in Lon
don, homeward bound, and will arrive
here probably in the middle of December.
Mrs. P. Pick and the Misses Pick sail
on the Marlposa. November a. for their
home. HUo. Hawaii. They wjli tw at
home Monday, November 19,
i K ar £ £' V 1 ', 06^' 1011 of Mark C. Vulice
£v^ & I ro ' left f or New York City last
\\ ednesday ev^nlnff. He will visit all the
jYn^uafy S l lMf 1 ""' &nA - 1 -" return about
Mr. and Mj-s. Monroe Barnert have re
turned from their bridal trip and are re
siding at 525 Baker street.
JE. Avery. McCarth^has fetunied from
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 1900.
performed by Hon. A. J.' Fritz, assisted
by all the young merrymakers.
Among those present were: Mr. and
Mrs. J. J. Hughes, Mr. and Mrs. J. L.
Mangan, -Mr. and Mrs. J. J. Cronln. Mr.
and Mrs. P. W. Drury, Mr. and Mrs. T. J.
Drury, Mr. and Mrs. Harry Cllls, Mr. and
Mra. W. J. Sullivan. Mr. and Mrs. Otto H.
Heyneman, Mr. and MrB. Strange, Mr.
and Mrs. J. T. Green, Mrs. C. Heeler, Mrs.
C. Acton, Mrs. H. B. Trickier. Mrs. S.
Smith, Miss Lillle Hughes, Miss Lorretta
Hughes. Miss Ella Cronin. Miss Gertie
Cronln, Miss Florence Cronin, Miss May
Sullivan, Miss Birdie Hesler. Miss Lottie
Hesler, Miss Maud E. Witts, Miss Mabel
Itts, Miss B. Keamlsh. Miss May Coch
ran, Miss Klttie O'Hearn, Miss Millet,
Miss Is. Marquardon, Miss Agnes Corny n».
Miss H. Lee. Miss S. Bannet. Miss G.
Lynch. Miss E. McGrall. Miss Kittl©
Rodgers, Miss Lulu Thatcher, Miss Alice
Ford. Miss Lillian Davis, Miss Flora
Burr, Miss May Deville, Miss Jessie
Tigerette, Miss Lizzie Castle. Miss Annie
Rega, Miss Nettie Cohn, Miss Nora Man
gan, Miss Nellie Mangan, Miss Josie Man
gan, Miss L. Ford, Miss A. Smiley, Miss
E. Magulre, Miss McWatson, Hon.
Thomas F. Graham. Hon. Thomas F.
Dunn. Hon. A. J. Fritz. Hon. Mi J. Ker
win. Dr. Arthur W. Conlan, Dr. James
y\ elsh. Captain James F. Moran, Sergeant
C. P. Wright. Sergeant H. J. Wright, Ser
geant A. J. Gaughran, Professor J. J. Ap
plegate. Professor Norton C. Hulse, John
Edward Cronin. J. J. Hughes Jr., S. Rega,
. Rega, It. Rega, H. Silver, J. Regan,
G. McLaughlin, N. Marlow, G. Crowley.
S. Nlchcls. W. Sullivan, A. Llebert, P.
Mpguire. H. Lefkovitz, H. Lee. W. An
derson, Edward Moran, Frank Moran,
Theodore J. Hesler, Charles A. Drury,
Frank Drury, Harry Drury. John Drury.
Walter. Witts, George McCurdy, Frank
Griffin," Charles Thumler, T. E. Bellman,
William Toner. Charles F. Mallett. John
Fagan, Fred Parks, William Doyle. Ed
ward Doyle. Hon. Robert Gary. Joseph
Donovan, Edward Tarpev, Fred Woerner,
John Schoen. Georere Osborn, John J.
O'Meara. Norbert Cllls. J. Edward Green,
James D. Green. George Green. William
Lee Green. Clarence Green. Alfred Green.
Mascot Theodore Green, Bertrand Green
and Raymond Green.
In the Future.
The Astorias will give their twelfth as
sembly at Golden Gate Hall, Tuesday
evening, November 20.
The thirty-ninth concert of the Music
Teachers' Association will be held on Sat
urday evening, November 24. at Byron
Mauzy Hall on Post street. The follow
ing programme has been prepared for the
evening: Remarks, by the president; two
pianos, four hands, (a) "Sonata," D
major, tirst movement (Mozart). ' (b)
"Two Waltzes" (Klrchner), Miss Sadie
Standard and Mrs. P. O. Peterson; vocal
duet, "Quis est Homo," from "Stabat
Mater" (Rossini), Mrs. Genevieve H
Wright and Mile. Elena Roeckel; piano
solo. "Consolation" (Mendelssohn). Misa
Ruby Manasse; piano solo, (a) "Fantasia"
(Mozart), (b) "Tarentelle" (Mills), Miss
Ray Manassc; three songs. "Carmen,"
(a) "All Hope Is O>r," (b) "Sequedllla,"
(O "Avanera," Mile. Elena Roeckel;
piano solo. "Fantasia," "Faust" (Ley
bach), Maria Echeverrla: song, "A Rose
in Heaven" (Trotere). Miss Etta Welsh,
accompanied by Mrs. P. O. Peterson
piano solo. "Caprice." op. 79 (Raff). Miss
h-dna F. Allen: vocal solo. "The Night
ingale and the Rose," op. 27, No. 4, Master
Jerry « ( £C° nnor: plano solo > (a) "Valse."
?R> 1? Chopin), (b) "Valse Styrienne"
(\\ ollenhaupt). Annie Miller; vocal solo,
(a) Rode s Celebrated Air," (b) "Paxtlng"
(Root), Miss Dora Kimball; song two
parts (a) "Serenade" (Niedlinger-
Roeckel). (b) "Nearest and Dearest" (Car
racciola). first voice— Jerry O'Connor, Ger
trude Caldwell. Edith Fleming; second
voice— Harry Mauer, Maria Roeckel,
Mario Roeckel.
The First English Lutheran Church on
Geary street, between Gough and Octa
yla. announces a festival entertainment
for every evening of the week beginning
Monday. November 19. The entertain
ment is of a somewhat novel character
having been arranged by a gentleman con
nected with the church who was respon
sible for the very successful entertain
ments which ran for a week about two
years ago. The list of participants num
ber over forty. The title of the enter
tainment is 'Melllcoo's Metamorphosed
Metachronistic Medley." It is an ingeni
ous form of entertainment nnd gives op
portunity for the introduction of a verv
varied programme. Including aj number
of attractive selections from various
operas.
A comic operetta, entitled "What Hap
pened to Brown," will be presented bv
Company (?. First Regiment. League o*f
'he Cross Cadets. Thanksgiving eve,
}\ ednesday, November 28, at Native Sons'
Hall.
The twenty-sixth musical and hop given
by the McKenzie Musical Society will
tnKe place at Native Sons* j Hall Thurs
day evening, November 22. The follow
ing excellent programme has been ar
ranged for the occasion:
Overture (Wefsel); "National Guard
Parnde (mosquito parade, arranged by
McKenzie). McKenzie Musical Society
"Queen of the Night" (Torry). Lily Laws
contralto solo. "Clang of the Wooden
hhoon (Molloy). Eugenia Breitengross
grand finale., "Attila" (Verdi). Julia
White. William G. Baudoin. H. G. Bal*
McKenzie Musical Society* valse chan
tanto •TAmoureux" (Strelezki), Minnie
Schneider: "Manzanillo" (Mexican dance,
in Spanish). Paloma Quartet. Lily Laws
Alice IJawkes. Ethel Carroll, Eugenia
Breitengross: typical songs of: England—
"Dashing White Sergeant," Minnie
Schneider: Ireland-"Klllarney." Josle
Dundon: Scotland— "Ye Banks and Braes "
Mrs. Lottie Lampe, Mrs. Louise Schune
man. Mrs. J. C. liaughy. Miss Eva
Wright; Wales— "March of the Men of
Harlech," E. M. Cushman and McKenzio
Musical Society; contralto boIo, "O Mio
Fernando" (Donizetti), Clara Sprauer:
"Ma Lady Lu" (darky love song) (Brill)
Master George Kroger and McKenzie
Musical Society; "Stars Bnd Stripes
March (Sousa) (by general request), Mc-
Kenzie Musical Society.
The ladles of Trinity Presbyterian
Church, corner Twenty-third and Capp
Ptreets, will hold their bazaar this week
commencing Tuesday evening. November
20. and continuing Wednesday and Thurs
day afternoons and evenings.
Sailed Away.
The steamship Zealandia sailed for
Honolulu Saturday. November 10, and
carried the following passengers: J. E.
Alexander, G. H. Baldwin, Miss A. F
Beard, E. B. Beard, Mrs. Bokoufsky and
child, J. H. Booth, Miss M. G. Borden
George Browne, C. Buffett, J. K. Burkett
and wife. J. C. Cohen, C. E. Corbly C
Corper, J. Corper, Miss M. Corper. F R.
Dallett, R. Deeken, John Derrlg and wife
Mrs. H. Dinkalage, Miss Dinkalage, W. J.'
Dutton, Miss M. P. Dutton, Miss Mae
Englehardt, A. E. Ensign, H. Esting
hausen, C. A. Field and wife, W. W
Funge Jr^, Mrs. E. S. Gill, Mrs. B. Glea
son, M. G. Gosa, Mrs. E. F. Green O
HUlcfeld, L. Hubbard, Mason Mitchell'
Mrs. G. F. Morehouse, Mrs. W. G Mor
iow. Miss E. M. Morrow, Mrs. G D
Mumford and child, Charles O'Connell M.
J. RIordan, E. Rossi, R. Ryecroft, Mrs.
J. M. Sass, F. Sllva and wife. J. J. Sulli
van. Ij. J. Warren, W. W. Wescoatt C
L. Wight and wife. C. E. Williams, E*. c!
Wilson. P. E. Van Busklrk, A. Zucker
mann.
Personals.
Mrs. S. Hochstndter, Mrs. A. Sonnen
berg and Miss T. Friesllben will be at
home the fourth Thursday of each month
at 1816 Broadway.
Miss Morris and Miss Hattie Morris will
be at home the third Friday of every
month at 1747 Post street.
Miss Margaret Moroney and Miss Mabel
Handy are expected home shortly from
Tucson, A. T.. where they have been vis
iting for tho past two months. Miss
Moroney has been tho guest of Mrs. 8. R.
de Long and Miss Handy the guest of her
grandparents, Judge and Mrs. W. F
Scott.
Dr. Lu Ella Cool of "Casa Esperanza "
Haywards. and her daughter. Mrs. Dlcka
Ward, have arranged to make Oakland
their future home.
Mrs. William Fahey, wife of Major Wil
liam Fahey of tho Cosmopolitan Hotel
will visit relatives and friends for a few
weeks at her old home, Sonora, Tuolumne
County. . ¦• \-
Mr. 'and Mrs. Alex W. Weil have moved
to their new home at 2017 Broderick street,
and will be pleased to see their friends tho
first Wednesday of each month.
L. j. Goldman, accompanied by his
nieces. Miss Kline and Miss Steinman, left
Wednesday for Portland. ,
Miss Gertrudo Edy the Block will be at
home Saturday, November 17, at 2217 Cali
fornia street. Miss. Block leaves shortly 1
for a stay abroad.
Mrs. H. A. Burke and two. children, ac
companied by Peter Bergervln, sailed, .on,
OCIKTT has been giving most
/T of its attention during the past
( v^/y/\ week to the opera, and dinners
>^»\) before ar.d suppers after the
x;-_-^j/ matchless performances have
"""^^^ been in order.
One of the prettiest and most
FncceFFful functions of the past week was
the s^cor.d assembly and german by the
members of the Entre Nous Cotillon on
rrlday evening at the Palace Hotel. The
r.ttemiance was large r.nd the young la
< ies were ail handsomely gowned. The
1 ail ar.d reception rooms were beautifully
decorated with smilax. flags, palms and
tiunt'.r.p. Six new and novel figures of the
rotilloTj were aanceii Ttnfi*r the leadership
of Ssr.ford G. LewaJd. assisted by his
partner, Miss Lillian Lubbens. The fol
loffing r.arnr-d were in the leading 6et:
Miss, MV McDonald. Kate L.. Bylngton.
Kme GalnesJ Edith Huff. Gertrude Cole
mRn Emma N. Brady. May Nolan. Ella
%on Kp.pff. Cora Kelsey. May Morris,
Florence Frisbee. May Folsom, I^illian
Malm. Edna Sullivan. Virginia Goodsell,
•j r , rod Mrs. Walter A. Hoffman. Mr.
End Mrs. Ma'.ly McMahan. Dr. and Mrs.
Tnir.k L.Tlatt. Arthur L. Piper. James T.
Ludloir. Dr. Calvin Knowles. Hugo Her
zer. Kdward Lehner. Alfred E. Lorber.
l'r Joseph I. Richards. Percy Windham,
.'Pfeph T. Grace. Dr. William C. Hopper,
oriJi J. Kennedy. S. O. Stanyan. M. E.
Cnlres, Charies E. Pesoll. H. I>- Swanger.
Walter H. Robinson, Charles Fickert and
Dr. Edward KeefTe.
Mr«. George E. Whiting of Oakland en
if'rtained the largest assemblage of the
• •r.'.r.nial Dames in California, at her hos
livabie rnar.sion in Oakland on October 2.
'• was tho occasion of the fifth annual
raeeting. and the circular letter, sent to
til the inefetlea by the corresponding sec
ret*ry and historian. Mrs. C. Elwood
Brown was received with applause. A
dainty repast -vas served by the Misses
Violet ar.d Anita Whitney. The officers
nn<1 managers for the ensuing year are:
Mrs Pi!<len S. Wrleht. president; Mrs.
Charles H. Hedges. Mrs. Edwin W. New
liall. Mrs. George A. Crux, Mrs. C. El
«rood P.rown. Mrs. George E. Whitney,
Miss Marie R Voorhics. Miss Elizabeth
M Jones Mrs. S. W. Holladay. Mrs. S.
M Van Wyrk. Mrs. Louis Aldrich, Mrs.
jlervey Darneal. Mrs. J. Goddard Clark
kh<1 Mr?. William C. Peyton. Among the
IKK members arr: Mrs. George W. Gibbs.
Mr> William Ingraham Kip. Mrs. E.
Purke Ho'.laday. Mrs. Horace Davis, Mrs.
»sncis W. Howland. Mrs. Henrj' Llvlng-
Kton Van Winkl*-. Mrs. William S. Heger.
Miss Rertha N. Foote and Miss Alice Hum
rhroy of San Francisco. From other parts
of the State an* Mrs. John R. Jarboe. Mrs.
Charles Fcrnald. Mrs. P. Lansing Wheel
er. Mrs Leiph Richmond Smith. Mrs. A.
Jackson Ralston. Mrs. Mansfield Lovell
and Mrs. R. Wildm.in of Hongkong.
Captain Omar J. Humphrey gave a most
enjoyable dinner to some of his friends at
the 'Bohemian Club last Thursday even
lr.jr. Among those present were Captain
O. J. Humphrey. Captain and Mrs. J. C.
Benr-en. Captain and Mrs. John Barne
pon. Captain and Mrs. T. P. Colcord. Cap
tain Harry Goodall. Mr. and Mrs. M. L.
Wuhbum. Mr. and Mrs. T. M. Brown,
Mr. ar.d Mrs. George Liebold, Mr. and
Mrs George P. Taylor. Miss Ida May
Roberts. Miss Millie Flynn. Dr. H. P.
Carlson .a id Captain Fred Esola.
The banquet took place In the red room
nnd after it was over a quiet hour was
Fpent in a social chat. Captain Hum
phrey has been In Alaska for nearly a
vra r.
Faithfully and energetically the ladies
nf tbe Episcopal Church of the Advent, at
Eleventh and Market streets, are working
to prepare for their grand benefit bazaar
to ta given on the afternoons and even
ings of Thursday and Friday. November
Z2 and C3. at Golden 'late Hall. 625 Sutter
Ftrret. The proceeds are Jo go toward
the elimination of the debt with which
their church is lncumbered and the de-
Fign of the ladies is to give to the public
one of the mo=t attractive and novel en
tertainments of the fall and holiday sea
eon.
Special attention will be given to the
pale of articles suitable for holiday gifts—
embroideries, fancy articles, bric-a-brac'
end art work— while th« dolls will be in
Furh number and variety that they will be
pivr-n a matinee all to themselves when
ih- 1 "iittle women' 1 csn enjoy them to the
inmost. Music, dramatic recitals, palm
istry, a fi. c h pond,— all will have places —
Home Gathering's.
A birthday party was Riven in honor of
Anna Clarice Murphy at her residence;
1510 Harrison street. Saturday evening.
November 10. The evening was spent in
games and other amusements. At 11:30
an elaborate supper was served. Among
those present were: Anna Murphy, Ella
Dov.ling, Ethel Clark, Carrie Purcell, Ag
nes Sullivan. Neta Murphy, Frances
O'Connor, Myrtle O'Dea and Emyle Mur
phy.
Mrs. Charles Sagehorn was tendered a
reception by a number of her friends at
her home on Jackson street on the 3d
inst. The halls and parlors were beauti
fully decorated in palms and smilax. The
dining room decorations were under the
supervision of Miss Beatrice Torre and
consisted of streamers of white and yel
low, and yellow and white chrysanthe
mums. Jn the afternoon the matrons
were entertained at dinner and the
younger set danced In the evening until
midnight, when supper was served.
Among the invited guests were: Lieuten
ant Colonel Boxton and wife, Mr. and
Mrs. John Porcher, Mr. and Mrs. II. Jor
dan, Mrs. Stefflns. Mr. and Mrs. Mantz.
Miss Marie Walsh, Miss Anita Walsh,
Charles Sagehorn Jr.. the Misses Still.
Carl Rockwltz. Miss Lillie Batteau. Miss
Pauline Batteau, Charles Moore, Richard
Perry, Mr. Brawson. The affair was in
honor of Mrs. Sagehom's birthday.
A very enjoyable birthday party was
by Miss Emma Clarke at her home
Saturday evening. Music, games and
dancing were kept up until a !;ite hour,
after which an elaborate supper was
served. Among the invited guests were
Misses E. Clarke. Adelaide Gilfether. G.
Herrfck. M. Gilfether. M. Wnaley. E. Ben
nett. A. Gilfether. Mrs. Bennett, Mrs.
Clarke, A. Xelson, F. Byrne, H. Spauld
ing, L. Aderstein, J. Bennett, L. Brown,
Dr. Van Orden.
Mrs. E. O. RIeser gave a very enjoyable
card party at her home on Ashbury
Heights, 779 Clayton street, November 10
in honor of her husband's birthday. The
house and refreshment tables were beau
tifully decorated with flower?, smilax
and ferns. The prizes were won by Mrs.
<r. H. W. Patterson. Mrs. Vance, F. W.
Marston and G. H. W. Patterson.
On Saturday, November 10, at their resi
dence. 230 Twelfth street. Captain and
¦"IK/*" E - Klein celebrated their crystal
wedding. The presents were numerous
and appropriate. The early part of the
evening was pleasantly spent in playing
progressive euchre, which was followed
ny a musical programme in which all tcrok
P a rt-., A t 11 o'clock all sat down to a
tempting supper, toasts were drunk and
many pretty speeches made.
A very pleasant farewell surprise party
was tendered Godfrey ,A. Anderson prior
t( ? "Js departure for Seattle by Mrs. Mag
gie Wheeler and many friends last Thurs
d^ > L evon!n S at Maennerbund Hall, corner
°. f ,7 went . y " fourth an<1 Potrero avenue. A
delightful supper was perved during the
evening and dancing was continued until
an early hour. Those present were: Miss
<i"f'a Berlin. Miss Guda Johnson, Miss
Kdith Hextrum, Miss Sadie Olson. Miss
Tekla Renstrom, Miss Mary Johnson, Miss
Lmlly Janspen. Miss Thora Olson. MIps
Ovelln. Miss Lillle Monahan. Miss E Con
way. Miss Mary Schfckele. Miss Florence
Sohlckele. Miss May Cohen. Miss Annie
fcandberg. Miss A. Knnjt, Miss A McCles
key. Miss I,nu Prou. Miss Freda Hanson.
Miss Florence Ensk^ep, Mlsp Rita Ens
keep.. Miss Emma Holmherg. Miss Clara
Hohlffs. Miss Daisy Holmberg, Miss Mina
W heeler. Carl Hammerlind. Kd Nelson.
H. Forsberg. A. Larson. Harry Erikson.
Mr. Renstrom. Arthur Nostrum, Herman
Hextrum. D. Nunan. Anton -Karlson. Ed
Anderson. Charley Bennett. O. Sandberp
John Nelson, E. F. Smlddy. Aug Nelson.
Fred Bomke. Pet Hiens, H. Wendt. W
Nelson. Louis Linkesch. Edward Fisher
James Conway. W. Hammer, G. J. Jen.
J. J. Fleischel. R, H. Kronz, A. F. Kam
meyer. Henry Schultz. Mr. and Mrs. A
K. Anderson, Mr. and Mrs. K. Forsell.
Mr. and Mrs. John Carlson. Mr. and Mrs'
W. O. Miller, Mr. and MrF. H. Rchune
mann. Mr. and Mrs. C. ScWk. Mr. and
Mrs. Jr.hn Rippe. Mr. and Mrs. Carl Wolf
Mr. and Mrs. John R. Olson. Mr. and Mrs
Edwin Rohlffs.- Mr. and Mrs. Louis For
tro, Mr. and Mrs. Shaw. Mr. and Mrs. W.
Curtis. Mr. and Mrs. Swanson, Mr. an<l
Mrs. E. Sales, Mr. and Mr?. A. Carlson.
Mr. and Mrs. John TTphoff. Mrs Katie
Enskeep. Mrs. C UTextrum. Mrs. Meta
Jensen. Mrs. B. Schulty, Mrs. Annie Hens
more. Mrs. Sicbecker, Mrs. Holmberg
and Mrs. J. Knoke.
A grand banquet was tendered to Joseph
Hess and Lorenzo de Clairmont on Sat
urday eveniner in honor of their bfrthday
which was celebrated by Mrs. J. Hess at
her residence, 314 Scott street. Among the
guests were: Colonel Ralph de Clnirmont,
Ix>renzo de Clairmont. Mrs. A. Macknv
Mr. Glunk. Mrs. Glunk nnd Frank Glunk.
Lorenzo A. de Clairmont. IT. S. A.. Is
rpending his furlough at the residence of
his father. Colonel R. de Clairmont, 324
Scott street.
On Saturday evening. November 3. a
¦*ery pleasant surprise party wsis given to
George Green, the youngest soldier son of
Sergeant John T. Green, at hisVcRidence.
1210 Mission street. The recipient* was
unaware of the. surprise until Mr. Otto
H. Heyneman In an address .appropriate
to the occasion explained to the young
hero why his many friends had assem
bled: and on the presentation of unique
floral pieces, the surprise was complete,.
The parlors were tastefully decorated
with flags, flowers and ferns. The dln
lng-room was a feature of good cheer,
bs the table contained everything that
could be desired, and many toasts were
drunk to the health and "happiness of
the youngest member of the First Cali
fornia Volunteers who left for Manila.
Dancing was Indulged in until a late
hour. The following programme, was ren
dered at Intervals during the evening:
Piano solo. Miss Ella Cronln: address,
"Colonel Swanncy," Mr. Otto H. Heyne
man; vocal duet, "John Martin Duffy,
Judge of a Court." Sergeant A. J. Gaugh
ran and Commissary John J. Cronin; con
tortion act. Sergeant TI. J.- Wright: cake
walk end fanev dancing. Mr. John J.
O'Meara and Miss Gertie Cronln: piano
solo. Corporal Harry Cills; address. "Our
Brave Volunteers." Hon. Thomas F.
Graham: piano and vocal . solo. Mascot
Theodore Green: Chinese specialties. Nor
bert Cilis. a popular member of the
original "Little Brownie Company;", vocal
polo, Misjs Lottie Hes'.er, assisted by Mr.
George Osborn: address. "The Welfare of
Our City." Hon. Thomas F. Dunn: vocal
selections, by the B and M Quartet— Hon.
M. J. Kerwin. Professor Norton C. Huls-e
Charles F. Mallett and William Doyle;
humorous recitation. Mr. Edward Tarpey.
the popular German delineator and mono.
loglst: address, "Welcome Home," Wil
liam Lee Green; vocal solo, "He's a Jolly
Good Fellow." nnd "Should Auld Ac
quaintance Be Forgot?" Mr. Charles A.
Drury. "London Bridge" was gracefully
They're Engaged.
Announcement has been made of the
engagement of Miss Cella Getti3 to Arthur
Frederick Farraan, the wedding to take
place In the ' very near future. Both
young- people are popular members of the
younger society set of Golden Gate and
the announcement comes as a surprise to
their many frlen<*r The bride-elect Is
the daughter of C. I'l. Gettis, who Is at
present traveling: In England. Mr. Far
man Is the younger eon of Mrs. Anna
Farm an.
Mr. and Mrs. Henry Brlnck of Winters
announce the engagement of their niece.
Miss Laura Isabelle Manning of Chicago,
to Ralph E. Sparks, son of Mr. and Mrs.
M. V. Sparks of Oakland.
and delicious refreshments will be served.
The ladles having this affair In charge
arft Mrs. Colonel Mansfield. Mrs. Colonel
Cox, Mrs. Stuart Aldrlch, Mrs. Theller.
Mts Blossom. Mrs. George Crux, Mrs.
J5 illiam Thatcher Marvin, Mrs. Judson
Brusle and Mrs. Florence Cornwall
Moore. They will be assisted by young
ladles of the parish.
26
Pnr-hnf^d from os will be exchanged to fit
nfter the holidays, free of chargre.
Orullfts' prescriptions filled. Factory on
premises. Quick repairinc. Phone, Main 10.
642 Market St. ustrumckts
W*9tR OBOw^t BUILCI-1&. ,C*T*lOCUt fttt. '
Christmas
Eye-Glasses
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
And all other facial blemishes are removed by
DR. and MRS. A. W. TRAVERSE. Donohoe
bulldlns, 1170 Market st., cor. Taylor, rooms
28-29. with the electric needle without pain or
•car. Permanency guaranteed: hours 1 to 4 p. m.
The greatest skin food and tissue builder, •
BRAHMAN TOILET CREAM
Removes wrinkles by making the skin firm-
It renders the skin soft, ¦•«.¦' ¦¦¦¦-¦!-.
»mooth. clear, white and f"™ ™"^Tv£T™""™
youthful and cures Poison ftafrfgY V w~~,
Oak and Eczema. It in a /iff^Aal
liquid. Any cream of the yp3S«?»"'^dli
consistency of butter will JMBt^yilM
stimulate the ernwth of \SUF-?&*&t^m
hair on the face. Brah- fflB "T 7 JK
man Toilet Cream Is ,'gsjg. "?t«I^C*
guaranteed not to do so. -gBL OBBtf
rrice 25c . IJrahman •(^MHMlwBr'iK-
Tooth Powder. 25c. All itVSHBn Hf.>
firuFtiets and at office of '"•"^^^¦¦™ 1 * fc—
*- V* F^X'PS- "* D - ***** itock *»waya
at J £ 8.. Potts' Drug Co» .^
ADVERTISEMENTS.
78 and 80 GEARY STREET,
BAN* FRANCISCO.
Dermatologist,
MRS, NETTIE HARRISON
WarU, Freckles, Mole*. Pimples
and Wrinkle* quickly removed tinder
my personal treatment at mr Dcr-
matoloeical Parlors.
FREE TRIAL POT
J*^!i>f! oat of town sending this ad. and 10c In
F'sreps. will receive my book of instruction!
fr.il a trial rot of Lola Mnntez Crerae. and a
i-fx of face powder FttEE.
SUPERFLUOUS
LE A I D That e^eat *«t of mil dl «-
BE b\ I ll '*B«'« m « nt « •'» W-
¦ ¦ *» -IB man's face,, permanently
rtmoved, in the only successful -vray
—with the ELECTRIC NEEDLE, as
operated bj* Mrs. Harrison.
the rreat *kln food tlsrue builder and b*autl-
fi'T. My <vscn <"! p ar romrl'xlon and healthy skin
Is do*- To l!^ us«e. 75 cents.
LOLA MONTEZ GREME,
4-DAY HAIR RESTORER
!• not a dye. leave* no sediment or stickiness,
ar.d cm he used without fear of after effects.
Ii it cleanly to vr*. end restores grey cr faded
hair tr> its natural ro'.or and givef It the brll-
liar."y sr.1 luster of youth. One Dollar a bottle.
Lktett Fcrtrut.
To all who parcM«l a bottle of Mrs. Xettl*
Ilarrison's 4-<1av Hair Restorer, a cinsrle treat-
ment «»•:!; be plv»-n FREE. One treatment Is
tuffici^nt to g\ve the hair Its natural color.
Grey
Hair
Restored
To its nXtt-ral color without the
u*e cf a dye. and without the slighter' in-
twi culccce.
Kn. Vetti* Eamseas ?? *^-*-
. ADVERTISEMENTS.
m tfasit is cut*in§g women* f jjp mssm^^ si
m iSir J^ W i / Here is her first letter 11
ma *J ~- £"~>^** •% (PUBLISHED BT PSIUdTSBIOn.)
n *^j£$$gr "Dear Madam:— I am suffering from inflammation B
mm /mmt of the ovaries and womb, and have been for eighteen |g
Wm [ - /^y/fwt tnon th3. I have a continual pain and* soreness in my
MM / *<* 3 *Mff and unconcerne d about everything. I am in bed now. I !B|
X w • jy recommended to me by a friend, and I have made up my mind |||
|H \ j^r\ u I write this letter with the hope of hearing from you in jjpi
fm\ Mrs. Pinkham's advice was w&
9 \ promptly received by Mrs. B
m ffiik Watson and a few months later ||
mm |HBh I TfpBffl^^ffiiii^nK^Hi^^BSi^B (publisbko bt perjussiox.) la
Bi IbBbI^SSI^^^MctHI BL P oud<^ as on e for me. . 7 : V
f^^^^^^S^^9^^^3tmm^m^^^ ham's Vegetable Compound. E|
M^ Watson's letters prove that Mrs. Pink" Wi
M&^miMzm H SI request and that It Is a sure gulde°to ho^thf °* W*
IS^f K r^lHl evidence proving that Lydla E^PInkha°m'l°Vegl^ M
J^BSB3^^^^XS^mS^SS^' Compound CURES tho Ills of womon. ||
BI^^^^^'^^^ j jJWHB^^S^ % ¦ t medicine is just as good. Any dealer who |l
j^BjK^^K^/Kmg^^^K^^^^^^^^^K^^BML th a t these thousands of cures of women whose letters B9
¦¦PM|j^^E|^^MW|^HECTiHHBB^^^BK|ia^ about by • 'something else," but by ° piCharles L. Young, the impresario
who brought out Mme. Kmma Nevada to
Ban Francisco last year, announces a par
tial arrangement with Calve for 1901 In a
"spectacular production of' 'Carmen.'"
Another good rumor gone wrong. We
have been hearing on all hands of Mme.
Calve's recently acquired disgust with
"opera as a form ot art"— to quote Mr, ,
"Is Opera Doomed?" is the startling
titleV>f a thoughtful and brilliant though
Inconclusive arraignment of opera as. a
form of art, by Mr. Edward Baughan in
the September number of the London
Musical Record, written, as he puts It, "In
a lucid moment, |he result of a reaction
from a long season's music, in respect to
opera." This being the London season,
naturally means Covent Garden and
Maurice Grau, and in the course of the
article Mr. Baughan confesses that not all
the siren songs of Mr. Grau's expensive
song birds have succeeded In diverting his
regretful' attention from the Inherent
absurdity of grand or any other form, of
opera, not even excepting the .Wagner-
Ian music drama, which "Is supposed to
have cured opera of all Its Ills.' •
a patron of the domesticities, smiled ap
provingly, and was so pleased with ine
artist's frankness and originality that
not a coffeepot, but an elaborately beau
tiful whole silver coffee service found Its
way to the pretty new villa at Bruges,
where reside the singer's wife and their
two children. It is suggested that there
are other seasons at Covent Garden and
that perhaps a drawing room suite may
come next in order. And why not?
And her Majesty, who has ever been
It seems that M. Saleza was Invited to
sing befoae Queen Victoria at Windsor
Castle some time toward the close of
the last Grau opera season at Covent
Garden Theater. That he consented and
acquitted himself splendidly goes with
out saying, and equally a matter of
course was it that the Queen should in
quire his preference as to the usual gift
presented under such circumstances,
doubtless expecting the customary re
quest for the cigarette case, which has
eucceeded the snuffbox In the favor of
kings as a royal douceur. But Saleza
either unaware of the thing customary
or frankly indLSerent to it and manfully
aware of one he really needed, said that
If her Majesty did not mind he "would
prefer a coffeepot of all things!" Mme.
Haleza had asked him not on any ac
count to neglect to bring one home, and
it was the wiser part to remember one's
wife's commissions— n'est-ce-pas!"
A good story, not long told and full
worthy of a timely resurrection, is the
tale of a coffeepot and M. Albert Saleza,
who sings Romeo so delightfully and has
also the admirable art of remembering
hla pretty wife's frequent commissions.
haus. It always loomed up like a great
Juggernaut, especially in those early
day»; Siegfried took me the tln»t morn
ing to see the Interior of the theater. It
was raining. The empty seats stared at
me and the house looked so gloomy and
there was such an air about the whole
i?iace that 1 went home thoroughly dis
neartened. I thought, 'Why not give it
all up? It will not be so wonderful if I
cannot do it.' Then came the dread of
singing before the other artists, but after
the first rehearsal they all came to me
and 1 began to feel as much at home as
1 do here in America, The performance
seemed only like an additional rehearsal.
The darkness of the place made us forget
all about the audience, and we were only
sincere and intent upon our work. No
prompter is allowed at Bayreuth, and I
got so used to doing without one that
when I sang "Elsa' in other cities in Ger
many it became necessary for me to ask
them not to prompt me, as it only served
to disturb me.
"In the first performance at Bayreuth
another tenor had to be substituted for
Van Dyck, who was ill. After he got
out of the boat and started down the
stage he suffered a lapse of memory, and
turning around begged that some one help
him. The chorus came to his aid and
gave him the lines until he regained his
composure. After the last applause in
the festival the applause resulted in the
curtain being drawn up three times and
we were allowed to bow our acknowledg
ments, contrary to the accustomed rule.
They were still cheering when we were
dressed for the street and ready to leave
the theater. The Americans present at
the festival gave me a silver laurel wreath
with an inscription, and laurel wreaths
were sent to me by Siegfried and other
membere of the family.
"Regarding Siegfried Wagner I must
Fay that he is a man of great talent. He
is modest and studious, and my predlc
t.oa is that he will make a name for him
self in the world. One morning Herr
Kniese was ill and Siegfried directed the
'Lohengrin' rehearsal. On the conclusion
of the opera they cheered him, which
was quite unusuai, as they are not given
to that kind of thing at Bayreuth. It is
not yet decided what I shall sing
there next year; it is a long time ahead.
Mme. Wagner has lnvltea me, however,
to appear during the festival. I shall
not sing 'Isolde' anywhere until I havo
perfected the role as far as I am able
under her personal direction."
....O. Harford Lloyd
"Creed." "Verslclen," "Prayers" T. Tallis
Anthem, "O Tsste and See How Gracious
the Lord Is" Sir A. S. Sullivan
Prayers, Grace t. Talli.i
Hymn 33?
Address— Rev. F. W. Clampett, D.D., rector
of Trinity Church.
Hymn '. 5,93
Address— The Right Reverend the Bishop of
California.
Offertory anthems, (a) "O Lord. Our Gover
nor" H. R. Gadsby
(b) "The Lord Is Great In ZIon".W. T. Beat
Presentation of alms. "Praise God from*
AVhom all Blessings Flow".. "Old Hundred"
"Collects and Benediction" T. Tallis
Retrocesslonal Hymns 16,- in
Postlude. "8chlller March" ....Meyerbeer-Beet
A very pleasing: affair was the vested
choir festival at St. Luke's Church or.
Thursday evening under the direction of
Wallace A. Sabin. Seven choirs were
represented, including 175 male voices,
and the long service was rendered with
fine precision and good effect throughout.
The choirs were kept well in hand by Mr.
Sabin and their ¦work was distinguished
by an admirable balance and spirit, good
attack, phrasing and Intonation and not
ably good shading. The best number on
the. programme was perhaps "O Lord.
Our Governor," which was given with
splendid spirit and power, but the whole
service was a distinct encouragement to
those Interested In this high form of the
art musical.
Harvey Loy was at the organ and ac
companied the various numbers in ef
fective and competent fashion. The defec
tions of the organ Itself, a email and limit
ed Instrument, were responsible for the one
unfortunate feature of the whole pro
gramme. The organ lacks a trumpet stop
and to remedy the deficiency a couple of
Instruments were engaged to undertake
the numerous trumpet passages which
occurred In the movements Interpreted.
The Instruments were not In tune and
were rarely with the beat and oftener
marred than made the effect intended.
But It was, on the whole, a programme
to be proud of and year by year the work
shows an encouraging progress.
The service was as follows:
Organ prelude, "Andante,- Ronata VTI"
J. Rhelnbergvr
Processional Hymns 309 and 179
Lord's Prayer and Verslclen T. Tallts
Psalter, Twentieth Selection, Psalms 14S, 149,
"15O....J. Turle. Dr. Rlmbault. P. Humphreys
"Magnificat." "Nunc Dlmlttls." in E flat..
Baughan — and of her consequent Intent to
adopt the dramatic stage as her profes
sion. Then comes Mr. loung's announce
ment.
We heard the .«ame rumor concerning
David Bispham last season, a rumor abso
lutely without foundation, us >Ir. Bisp
ham assures me, but then it is well known
that the artist has a very considerable
iiking for purely dramatic work. He is
already familiar with many of the
Shakespearean roles and as snon aa the
least hint of failing voice appears— may It
be far— he will go Into the "legitimate."
One of Mr. Blspham's roles In tne coming
reason will probably be that of Benedick
in Dr. Vtlliers Stanford's new opera,
"Much Ado About Nothing."
"But when mention was made of my
studying on Sunday I rebelled and in
sisted that I should have to have one day
of rest. The afternoon of that day we
would always have a little picnic. But I
could never K<n away from the Festsplel-
"When 1 ttrst went to Bayreuth I
Ftudled the words and positions with
Mme. Wagner every morning from 10 to
31. From 11 to 1 I studied the music of
the role with Herr Kniese. At 3 o'clock
I studied with the orchestral conductor,
who remained with me until 5. I then
took a short drive, but by the time it was
all through 1 felt ready to drop, and it
eeemed to me over «nd over a^ain that I
fhould never be able to accomplish th»
r«">ie at all. Thi? course of Ptudy contin
ued for two months. The only" reaction
was in the evening, when some of us went
to Mme. Watrner's and we played chil
dren's games.
"After we had been fully rehearsed
pome one else fulfilled our roles that we
might go into the auditorium and see ex
actly how it looked. The make-up was
fiiso carefully reheaxse«i. Xo shoe heels
are allowed on the stage at Bayreuth,
and it is most difficult to learn to walk
without them. The advantage, however,
of the arrangement is decided. Tne whole
loot is called into play, the effect of con
ttant motion is given without unusual ox
«rtion and there is no awkward stumping
about on hiph heels.
•'The first act was the most difficult, es
pecially the moment of the arrival ot the
BVUL Mme. Wagner wouid act out eacn
fccer.t in detail and then illustrate, now It
should be surg. although t=he has really r.o
¦voice, the is a mosi icmarkabie woman.
She would renearse portions of •farti
lal, 1 then direct tne ballet for •laim
hauser,' and aiterward proceed with tbe
third act of •l^oneng-rin.' 'ihe •'leira
xaund' of the opera sue drilled nne by line.
fche al«o drilled every member of tne
cnorus separately, t-ach with the full dv
t<til of bu«ine>s io be givt-n in the scenes
iii whicft they appeared. When the or
chestral rohearsais came she would eit
fry an electric lignt back of the stage ana
mark In the #core eveo' point ot detail
that she wished to receive further auen
tlon. One entire day was given to a re
l>arsai of the lignting aione. 1
for twro hourt untii they trot the balcony
scene to sun. at:d th<» moonlight arrajigeii
to fall to full satisfaction.
•I knew my part pretty well when I
•went to Bayreuth. Mme. Wagner would
recite the poem and I would repeat it
lifter her until the proper pronunciation
¦*vps obtained and full dramatic value
riven to the words. The textbook which
1 uped is full of annotations and directions
written out during these rehearsals. Some
cf the words were simply terribly hard
to pet stra:j»ht. One of these wm 'entsetz-
Hen.' Wher. I would po to Mme. Wagr.er's
:a the morning Siegfried or some oiher
nicrnlxT of the family would begin call
ing out the words that 1 had trouble in
petting all over the house for my delecta
tion.
V. ME. XORDICA has much
of ir.terost to tell nf her
n * HI experiences at Bayreuth
l/ ?^ R and of her preparation
>^ [|tt/ for l he role of Elsa for
the first performance
of "Lohengrin." She said
the ether day:
By BLANCHE PflRTINGTON.
Relates Jier Experiences ir\ preparing for Jtale of
TEIsa ir\ "Loher\grir\" at Bavjreutk.
The couple reached this city on Friday
morning and went to the Olive-street ho
tel. Mrs. Smith sitys Annab'-l has de
serted her and pone to Buffalo. N. Y.
Mrs. Smith says she was divorced from
her husband in San Francifeo and later
kept a rooming house in that city. She
had considerable property. Annabel was
one of her lodgers. They became fast
friends. Annabel, she Fays, proposed that
they ko to Spokane and be married. She
Acquiesced. AVhen they reached that city
he proposed that the marriage take place
In Seattle. Apaln she was apreeable. At
Seattle her lover again postponed the
wedding, bringing her to St. Louis.
ST. LOUIS, Nov. 17.-Mrs. -Lucy Smith,
28 years old, a pood looking "widow from
San Francisco, Is In trouble here. Tills
morning she applied for a warrant against
J. Annabel, alleginp that he left her at an
Olive-street hotel after promising to mar
ry her. She charges that two of her
trunks and $1115 of her money are mlss
lnp.
Special I>i*pateh to The Call.
Mrs. Lucy Smith Applies In a St.
Louis Court for a ¦Warrant for
the Arrest of J.
Annabel.
A San Francisco Widow
Robbed and Deserted by
Her Lover.
FAILS TO KEEP
PROMISE TO WED
NORDICA SAYS MME. WAGNER
IS MOST REMARKABLE WOMAN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 1900.
MME. NORDICA, THE FAMOUS PRIMA DONXA, WHO IS ONE OF THE
BTAR3 OF THE MAURICE GRAU COMPANY NOW SINGING IN THIS
CITY.
27
THE RAILROAD
OF LOVE.
First Appearance at This Theater of Llla
Converc.
MATINEE TO-DAY— SUNDAY.
TO-MORROW NIOHT and BNTTRE WKEK
AUOUSTIN JDAl.T'3 CHARMING COMEDY.
TO-NIGHT
"HIS ABSENT BOY."
LAST TIME.
SK&ftSM?
AMX7SEMI&TS.
"Weekly Call, $1.OO per Year.
Oirr nnWII Corner Fourth and
lirr H I ft
Uttl L I JU-JU. .««- vSS i a i r:a
valises checked free
rbltla. Pneumonia, Rheumatism, Neuralgia.
Headache, Toothache and all pains. Internally
U* U&larU and all Bowel Pains. All druggist*.
RADWAY'S READY RELIEF ba« ctood
unrivaled before tbe public for £0 year* a* a
Pain Remedy. It Instantly relieves and quickly
cum all Colds. Sore Throats. Influenza, Uron-
Telephone- -for Seats, Park 22. .,
. - • - - ¦ • . \^
SPECIAL.
TO-DAY AND TO-NIGHT!
On the Stage in the Theater,
Cannon, the Fat Man,
IN POSES PLASTIQUE.
HVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
CHUTES and ZOO
/visit OR- JORDAN'S grc»t4
» MUSEUM OF ANATOMY?
1 Qfc i£HU2£lTS;.tat.to»7&,S.rCd.i
7 Or The Larrert ABStomic&I Museum in tbe \
A jt World. W^k»e«!.«» or »ny ecmracted M
™ J i -.T^ d»»»«* p«-«Ulw«-Iy imm6t>j the olaru Y
A ft&ftl Oa.J0RCWt--PEnfATEO!SEASES.J
» 5(ffefcft Cot>«»'t*«wn frrfi tod jtri'tfr pmV.e \
a MTtfijtl Tnnmeot f+norAliy n by 1<-Mrr. KB
¥ B dfll /wj«» fweio r-,trycz%xuz.dtnikvp, T
Jiff I)* w r1te for Book. rWL0«oraV«f A
§ I« IIT ¦ABBUUK. MAILED FBE8. (Af
A a Q/' »»loa&te book for B>mJ A
f DH. JUBDAN dt CO.. 1031 Marttrt Kt-.B. F. ¥
ly, Painlessly, Without Danger.
People go along for years suffering: with
piles. . They try this and that and the
other thing, from carrying a buckeye io
getting treatment from a physician. Thoy
obtaln temporary relief, maybe, but they
are never quite cured. A little strain In
lifting, excessive fatigue, a little consti-
pation, or a little diarrhea and the piles
come back. They don't seem to n mount to
much, but they banish sleep and appetite
Xo position Is comfortable. There 1b in-
tense local pain and that dreadful agoniz-
ing feeling of weight in the perineum
Maybe. In the early stages some of the
many salves on sale will afford temporary
relief. If the case is of long standing there
Is only one speedy and sure remedy, it Id
Pyramid Pile Cure. Even In light cases
It is the safest thing to use. Other appli-
cations may cure and may not. Pyramid
Pile Cure Is always certain, always re-
liable, always brings comfort at once Its
prompt use Baves months of Bevere suf-
fering. In extreme ca&es it will save sur-
gical operations and their attendant dan-
gers and discomforts. It is better than
a knife. Will cure easier, quicker anl
pafer. Thousands have used It; thousands
have been cured by It. The cost Is triflln"
compared with what it <fo«>s. The price Is
one dollar. Most anybody would gladly
pay ten dollars to be rid of piles
Druggists Bell Pyramid Pile Cure. If
your*s hasn't it he will getit for you from
the Pyramid Drug Co., Marshall, Mich
sole manufacturers.
Pyramid Pile Cure Cures Piles Quick-
BETTER THAN THE KNIFE
The completeness of the arrangements
made for your entertainment in the Sup-
per Room can be estimated when it Is
known that the attributes responsible for
the popularity of the Grill Rooms are In
evldtnce here. Delightful music, prompt
•ervlce, moderate charges. Open every
evening (Sundays excepted) from 9:30 to
1J o'clock. Entrance from the court and
main office. *
Palace Hotel Supper Room.
After-Theater Refreshments.
TO THE PUBLIC!
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct.
jfB£ajfi% «. 1*00.— To whom It may
HE55"^"^H concern: This Is to crrtlfy
VgS || that DR. WONG HIM of
Vp£jC f 115-117 Ma.'on strft. San
mf'K^ I Francisco, has cured me
TtfiJSv / °f kldnpy trouble and
jB/v / rheumatism and I am
jffiKp*— A^ happy to make this state-
j*3kl , ment. as I find the Doctor
»*t^^*3i»««V^ >i<trtctly hor " >!it 'n every
"l!»S«»83fc^M* Bensft of the word and an
•«MAWV«9SC7«»» honorable man In all his
dealings. DR. C. A. GAT. Dentist. 902 Second
avc. Seattle. Wash.
PINOLE, June 23, 1809.— I take this means of
expressing m>* thanks to Dr. Wong Him, 115-
117 Mason street. San Francisco, for having
cured me of kidney, womb trouble and cancer
of the stomach. I was a grraat sufferer for 15
yearn and found no permanent relief until I
tried Dr. Wong Him and In six months' time
h« hat cured me. Any person wishing me to
certify this can find me.
MRS. GEORGE BETZ,
Pinole. Contra Costa County, Cal.
S. F., December 4, 1SS9.— Dr. Wong Him, 115-
117 Mason st.. S. F.. Cal.— Dear Sir: For the
benefit of other* I wish to make a statement of
my case, which was heart trouble. Aft«r treat-
Ing with six eminent physicians my case was
pronounced Incurable. Hearing of Dr. Wong
Him and his wonderful cures, I decided to try
his herb treatment. He did all he claimed, and
after treating six months I am now well and
Etrong. Youra. respectfullyy.
MRS. BARLOW. 1027 Mission St.. 8. F.
COLUMBIA fe
RI0HT \..TO-NICHT..
DOWN ANI) for
THE
une! ONE MORE WEEK
c — FRANK
ir DANIELS
MUSTC."
In VICTOR HERBERTS
HOC A MINER: Latest Comic Opera Success.
"NONE
FUNNIER."
Til 17
BULLETIN: J^ JMl T\
~2z~ AMEER
POST:
"VERT
FUNNY." CROWDED TO THIS DOOR3
* AT EVERT PERFORMANCE.
The management of the Columbia Theater takes
special pleasure In announcing the »nca*»-
tnent. beginning Monday. Nov. 28th. of
¦ the celebrated operatic star.
ALICE NIELSEN
AND THE- —
* ALICE NIELSEN OPERA CO.,
Pre«entln* th» Two Great Ljrrte Successes,
"THE SINGING GIRL,"
By Victor Herbert. Harry B. Smith and Stan-
islaus Stance, and
"THE FORTUNE-TELLER,"
By Victor Herbert and Harry B. Smith.
Under th» Direction of Frank L. Perley.
Miss Nielsen's supporting cast Includes nearly .
all of America's foremost singers and come-
dians. A large, comely and vocally superior
cborus and a very greatly aujrmented orchestra
will add to the excellence of th« productions.
>mon« those to appear with Miss Nielsen are
Eugene Oo-wles, Viola Gillette, Rlchl» Ltng.
Jo»*ph Herbert. Joseph Ca.wthom and John
SUvfn.
Advance sal9 of seats begins next Thursday.
UNION COURSING PARK
TO-DAY!
Sunday, November ISth,
ANOTHER
GIGANTIC
Open Stake!
128— NOMINATIONS— 128
Every Hound
a Champion!
$1500-Prize Money-51500
TRAIN SERVICE:
L«avM Third and Townsend streets 9:13 a. ra..
10:15 a. m.. 11 a. in.. 12 m. and I p. ra. Re~
turning at 4:45 p. m. and after th» laat course.
Ban Mateo electric cars every six mtnutea.
Admission 25c. Ladies Free.
FT<2rWFR'^ CONCERT HOUSt.
Oltvs Vail and Frank Tully: Irene Franklyn:
Ouhama, the Jap; Harry H. Walton; Helen
8tuart and Clatre Fex.
RESERVED SEATS 23c. MATINEE SUNDAY.
ATTRACTIONS F«I3,OM HTVEJRTy THB3A.TB1I2,.
continuous performance:
MOROCCO'S— Walter Damronch, David Blspham, Roea Otltzka and other artists fron»
the Maurice Grau Grand Opera Company.
COLUMBIA— Frank Daniels and leadlnr member* of his company.
TIVOLI— Bright bits from "The Jolly Musketeer" and Cbllamarlnl, Ru?so and Salassa.
CALIFORNIA— The Royal Marine Band of Italy.
ALHAMBRA — McCoy Sisters and Sam Marlon. •
ORPHEUM— The principal stars of the bill.
ALCAZAR— Act from "The Railroad of Love."
CHUTES— An acrobatic novelty.
OLYMPIA— An up-to-date vaudevllls faature. *
DRICFQ Entire Ground Floor, Including Box Seat". $2. Balcony, $1.
r "^¦W*_»>CJ Ticket* Now on Sale at Every Theater.
Associated Theatrical Managers
AT THE ORPHEUM,
OF THE
CHARITY FUND
AT HIGH NOON. 8ECONI> ANNUAL. BENEFIT IN AID OF
WAIT FOR THE BIG SHOW I
THURSDAY. NOV. 22.
MOROCCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
MAURICE GRAU OPERA CO.
TO-NIGHT— POPULAR NIGHT.
"IL TROVATORE."
NorJica. Van Cauteren and Olltika; Dufrlche,
Juurnft. MRMero and Dlppel.
PRICES, $1. $2. Ijta. BOXES, $12. $15. ?18.
General admission. $1. Performances as com-
plete in detail and ensemble as the regular sub-
scription nights.
NEXT WEEK.
To-morrow night. "T.A BOHEME"— Melba.
Fritzl Scheff; Crpmonlr.i, Campanarl. Gilllbert,
Journot.
Conductor Slgr. Mandnelll
TupRday "DON GIOVANNI"— Nordlca. FrltiJ
Scheff and Godskl; Ed. de Resxke, Salignac,
Pint Coral, Journet and Scottl.
Conductor S\g. ManctnelH
Wednesday, "TANNHAUSER"— Gadskl. Olltz-
ka and Susan Strong; Van Dyck. Blass, Bars.
Hubbenet Muhlmann and David Blspham.
Conductor Mr. Walter Damroscb
Thursday, "ROMEO ET JULIETTE"— Mel-
ba, Bridewell, Hauermelster: Ed. de Reszke,
Plancon, liars. Sizes, Gilllbert and Saleia.
Conductor SI*. Manclnellt
Friday "GLI CGONITTI" (The Huguenots)
—Nordlca, Olltza, Bauermelster. Van Cauteren
and Fuzanne Adams; Dippel, Plancon, Bcottl,
Bars and Ed. de Repzke.
Conductor M. Flon
Saturday matin*-. "LOHENGRIN"— Gadskl
and Schumann-H«Mnk; Van Dyck. Blspham.
Muhlmann and Blass.
Conductor Mr. Walter Damrosch
Saturday evening, "FAUST"— Melba. Bauer-
melster and Homer; Saleza. Campanari.
Dufrlche and Ed. de Reszke.
Conductor Slgr.Manclnelll
Branch Ticket Office. Emporium. Prices
$2 to 17. General admission, 12.
WEBER PIANO USED.
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, ?
SE. Corner Geary and Stockton Streets, Sin Fr&n:U3). 4*
UNION S<p(J/\RC . +
mail and Express orders receive immediate attention. ' T
llllll'.lll X'O
Every ruptured person ought to send at or.ee
and make a trial of this method that cures
without pain, danger, operation -or an hrwr's
loss of time. Begin now. and by spring- you
will never know you had been ruptured. Writ*
to-day sure.
Mr. Yourex says: — "I tried Dr. Rico's method
and It cured mf\ I did not lose a day on th<!
road. Hundreds of merchants and friends In
Illinois, Wisconsin, Minnesota and Iowa know
the wonderful fact that this remarkable method
cured me and 1 certainly feel thankful enough
to tell other ruptured people how they may
profit by my experience. Mr. Yourex lives In
Cedar Raplrto. Iowa, at 322V4 First Avenue.
Dp. W. S Riee, the Well-Known Au-
thority, Sends a Trial of His
Fam.us Method Free to All
Pr. W. S. Ittce. 41S W. Main ft., Adams. N.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Free to the
Ruptured
COUNTRY ORDERS CAREFULLY AND PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO.
Our entlra accumulation of short Ien»th3, In both plain
and fancy materials, from 1 to 5 yards, at HALF PRICE.
$2.00 Novelties reduced to $1.00
$3 25 Novelties reduced to. $1.50
$17.50 Novelty Suitings reduced to $5.OO
$30.00 Novelty Suitings reduced to $15.00
Continuing To-Morrow (Monday), November |
19th, we will place on sale a large collection of £
Hi h-Class Dress Goods at Great Reductions. ?
UNUSUAL OFFERING! £
AMUSEMENTS.
WEEK COMMENCTNO TODAY.
SUNDAY. NOVEMBER 18TH.
A New Company of
UP-TO-DATE VAUDEVILLE 3TAR3.
JMreet From Berlin.
MAX WALD0N,
Th« World's Moat Wonderful Character
Impersonator.
STELLING and REVELLE
The Comedy Horizontal Bar SnpremlsH.
SIE LILLIAN
CONDITandMOREY*
Presenting Tnetr Beauttrut Hom» Pleturs.
"THE TIES THAT BI>TD."
BROTHERS MARTINE
Th« Greatest Bounding Tabte Act tn th« World.
IONE MacLOUTH
Sweet Stnrer of Scots* Ballads.
ANNA BOYD
In New Songs and ?f-w Costnme*.
Mr. and Mrs. DAN HIATT,
In a New Unstral Comedy.
DOLAN AND LENHARR
Presenting aa Original TraTwty.
W. J. HYNES,
Last Week of the Local FaTOrtta.
MATINEE TO-DAY <SUNDAY>.
Parquet. zSc. any seat: Balcony/ 10c: Chil-
dren. 1<V\ any part except I'ntiied. A f»w
fr'-nt orchestra rows, reserved, 6"e; frost rows
of balcony, reserved, 2Se.
Company.
paris!
CITY i
Dry Goods
Important Announcement !
FIRST AND ONLY PRESENTATION IN SAN
FRANCISCO OF
DER RING DES NIBELUNQEN,
By Richard Warner.
MONDAY EVKNINO, NOV. 2«th. at 8:30,
First Performance of the Cycle,
Das Bheingold.
TUESDAY EVENING. Nov. 27th. at 7:30,
Second Performance- of the Cycle,
Die Walkuere.
WEDNESDAY EVENING. Nov. 2Sth. at 7:S0.
Third Performance of the Cycle.
Siegfried.
FRIDAY EVENING. Nov. 30th, at 7:30,
Final Performance of the* Cycle,
Gotterdaemmerung 1 .
irT" SALE OF SEATS for the four perform-
ances will commence TUESDAY MORNINCJ
next at 9 o'clock and will continue till
WEDNESDAY EVENING.
Pale of seats for single performances of the
cycle and other performances of the third and
last week will commence
THURSDAY MORNING NEXT at 9 O'CLOCK.
ALF ELLINGHOUSE Prop, and Manager
Phone South 770
§*SSB MATINEE TO-DAY.
Pt e is ! fin i e 1e - TO-NIGHT.
HOYT'S Up-to-the-Moment
A FILLED WITH CATCHY MUSIC
AND NEW SONGS.
STRANGER~
1 1VI GIRLS THAT ARE PRETTY,
1 11| WHO CAN SING AND DANCE.
NEW YORK.
SPECIAL 8CETJERY.
HANDSOME COSTUMES.
A BIk Company Headed by th«
McCOY SISTERS and
SAM MARION.
EVENING— 15c, 25c. 35c, 60c and 75c.
MATINEE— 15c. ZSC. 35c and 60c
NEXT BITNDAY AFTERNOON.
Accompanied by the Great
HERRMANN, THE GREAT,
5— NOSSE'S-5
matinee today at 2:15 p. m.
BY ITALY'S ROYAL MARINE BAND,
-PROGRAMME
1 March. "Flag of Liberty." Von Blon. ».
Overture "Raymond," Thomaa. 3. Harp solo,
selected Slgnor Setaro. 4. "Gloria," 12th mass,
Mozart. 5. "H Trovator* 1 ," selection. Verdi.
Solos bv Slenorl dl Glrolamo, Creatore and dl
Tltta II — «• March. "Atlantic City." Mlnolltl.
7 Tenor solo, selected. Signor Giannlnl. 8.
"Danza Esotlc." Mascagnl. 9. "Lohengrin."
prelude act I. Wagner. 10. "The Serenade." se-
lection, Herbert. Incidental solos.
TO-NIGHT B PROGRAMME—
1 March, "Stars and Stripes," Sousa. - 1.
Overture, "Tannhaustr," Wagner. %. Harp solo,
eelected, Blgnor Setaro. 4. "Rlgoletto," act IV,
Verdi. Prelude, aria, quartet, finale— Slgnorl dl
Glrolamo. Palma. Creatore. dl Tltta. II.— 5.
Overture. "Zampa." Herold. 6. Tenor solo, «e.-
lected, Blgnor Giannlnl. 7. "Largo,". Haendel.
8. "MephlBtofele," epilogue. Boko.- * Trombone
solo by Slgnor Creatore. This Is positively the
Last Week of the Band In San Francisco.
Next Bunday Afternoon— HA VERLY'S MAS-
TODON MINSTRELS and GEORGE WILSON.
"Walti Me Again."
¦¦' USUAL POULAR PlUqpS-^O, We, 25<V
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AMUSEMENTS.
ADVEKTISE21EUTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Y., will send free to any one who Is ruptured
or Knows of any person ruptured, whether a
man, woman or. child, a fre<» trial of his fa-
mous h'.>me cure. It 19 a marvelous method.
MR. R. W. TOUREX.
curing caffs that defied hospitals, doctors,
trusts, electricity and all else. Merely pend
your name and address and the free trial will
b» rent without any cost to you whatever. R,
\V. Your^x, a well-known commercial traveler,
was ruptured ten ye«r*, tried every truss on
the market, partly made up his mind to un-
dergo the danger of an operation, when by the
grcRtest of good luck he tried the Dr. Rice
method. He is now cured.
1 1 ' I ' I ! 1 1 1 1 III
! HI I
,.TO TIIH..
M. Siminoff,
The largest wholesale manufacturer
on the coast, will make to ofder
High-Grade LADIES' TAILOR
SUITS at
Wholesale
Prices.
1228 MARKET STREET
*TIVOLI*
TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT!
12Sth Consecutive Performance of Grand Opera.
And Cloee of the Season.
"CARMEN!" "CARMEN!"
And this is
"JUST TO PAS3 THE TIME AWAY.**
TO-MORROW EVENING I
gala orartiNO of the
COMIC OPERA SEASON.
Firrt time tn this city of the enormous success.
A
/jolly\
/MUSKETEERlX
Written and composed by Stange and Edwards.
The Great Triumph of Jeff de Angelis.
A STUPENDOUS SCENIC PRODUCTION.
OLD FAVORITES and NEW FACES.
FBHRIS HARTMAN. MAUD WILLIAMS,
EDWARD WEBB. ANNIE MEYERS,
TENBROOK DALE, GRACE ORR.
TOM GUISE. JULIE COTTE.
ARTHUR BOYCE. J. FOGARTT.
Etc.. etc, eto.
THE LARGEST AND PRETTIEST CHORUS
EVER PRESENTED HERE.
Erenlnrs at 8. Matinee Saturday at X
Popular Prices— 25 and 50 Cents.
Telephone— Bush 9.
THE SAN FRANCISCO
JOCKEY CLUB,
TANFORAN PARK.
INITIAL MEETING MONDAY,
Not. 19, to SATURDAY,
Dec. 1, inclusive,
8fX OR MORE RACES EACH WEEK DAT.
SIX STAKE EVENTSTONE HURDLE RACE
AND TWO STEEPLECHASES
FIRST TWO WEEKS.
First Race of tbe Day at 1:10 p. tn.
Trains leave Third and Town* end streets for
Tanforan Park at 7. 10:40. 11:30 a. ra., 1. 1:30
and 2 p. m.. followed after the laat rac« at
intervals of a few minutes by several specials.
Rear cars reserved for ladles and their escorts.
Admission to. the course, including railroad
fare. »l 25. D. LYNCH PRINGLE. Bec'ty.
RALPH H. TOZER. Racing; Bec'ty.
OLYMPIA Wl$!&l
THE ONLY FREE VAUDEVILLE SHOW Uf
THE CITY.
MABEL HUDSON,
One of America'* Greatest Sons Birds.
HANLON AND SINGER,
Roman Ring Artists Without EquaL
AND OTJB CELEBRATED STOCK
MATINEE EVERY SUNDAY.
AMATEUR NIOHT EVERY FRIDAT.THE SAN FKA2S01SCO CALL,, SUNDAY, JSOVL^iiMt ib, liMX).
28
CLAIRVOYANTS.
ISMAR, THE GYPSY.
ISMAR, the Egyptian Gypsy, draws aside the
uncurtained years ahead; happiness and success
go hand in hand, yet hundreds fail where suc-
cess Is possible were It not for a lack of fore-
sight into the future. If you are in trouble of
any kind, discontented, unhappy or not satis-
fied in life, consult ISMAR, for she ia a proph-
etess ' of world-wide fame, and her name has
become a proverb in thousands of homes made
happy by; her aid and advice. ISMAR can be
consulted daily from 10 a. m. to 6 p. m., Sun-
days by appointment only, at her office, 1148
Maxket. opp. 6th. Full life reading by mall, $5.
Sea my large ad on page 15 to-day.
TO THE PUBLIC.
MME. RAVENNA.
No. < Fourth st. near Market.,
Takes great pleasure In informing the com-
munity that she has been before the public of
this coast for many years and she takes pride
In saying that she has never failed to give
satisfaction to any patrons who have sought
her aid and assistance In reading the past and
dlvlnlns the future.
Among the many accomplishments of the
madame, Bhe gives an accurate description of
the past, reveals the present happenings and
portrays events to occur in the future.
She also locates mines and can tell you at a
glance what business you are best fitted for.
When all other mediums fail to give names,
consult Mme. Ravenna, the orlKinator of
names given," who never fails.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known tranc*
medium. Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket Bt.. corner of Golden Gate ave.. rooms 2$
and 26: take elevator. Perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mail. Send stamp for pamph-
let with special terms. _^___
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
I reader, born with double veil & second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 50c.
gents SI; palm and clalr. sit SI 50. 126 Turk.
MME. BERNARD reads life fluently; advice
given in all affairs of life; satisfaction guar-
anteed; 25c up. 17 Third et.. next Examiner.
MRS. E. SANDERS, 614 Taylor St., near Geary
— Clairvoyant, palmist and business medium:
ladies' circle Thurs., 2 p. m. ; Fri., 8; cir. 25o.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and,,
palmist, permanently located 114S Market, opp.
6th; private readings dally, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
REMOVED — The great Inspirational card read-
er; price 25c and 50c; hours 10 a. m. till 9 p. m.
MADAME VAN BERGEN, 228 Fulton st.
MRS. CAMERON, clairvoyant, card reader, me-
dium; 25c up. 823 Mission st.. nr. 4th; rlngr bell.
MRS. MELVILLE, well-known clairvoyant, wa-
ter reader, moved to 11 Sixth; German spoken.
MME. ZEREDA. the gypsy, is the great palm-
ist and card reader: 25c. 7 Seventh st.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader; past,
present, future. 25c. 148 Sixth St., room 14.
CLAIRVOYANT, mineral paychometiist, palm-
ist and card reading. 25c. 1241% Market «t.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader:
sittings daily. 448K Jessie st
MME. RAVENNA reads. life fluently: business
advice: names Riven: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
CHIROPODISTS.
BUNIONS. Ingrown nails, corns, absolute cure,
painless: eonsult'n free. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
FOR rent — New 6-room and bath modern cot-
tage on Hoffman ave., near car line.
Also new 4-room and bath cottage on Hoff-
man ave.. near car line. JACOB HEYMAN,
117 Sutter st
COTTAGE of 4 large rooms; stable. 2S22 Har-
rison rt. ; key; 2824; rent $13.
TO let— A cottage. 4 rooms; rent J10 per month;
large yard; corner Jersey and Sanchez. Ap-
ply at grocery. .
i . 1 .
$6— HOUSE of 4 rms.. worth $14; In city, near
Holly Park; water free. 64 Silver St.. off 3d.
COTTAGE FOR SALE.
! FOR SALE— Mission district cottage, 4 rooms
I and bath; lot 29x100; no agents. Inquire
Fourth and Kentucky sts.
CARPET HEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
Ing Works. 5G3-357 Tebama st; tel. South 40.
| STANDARD. 313 Guerrero— Curtains and blan-
: kets renovated, 25c per pair: carpents cleaned.
I 2c yd.: laying a specialty. Phone Mission 106.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 5c
| STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
I J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-Beatlnp and Reno-
vatlng Co., 240 Fourteenth St.; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 3S-40 Sth St.; tel South 250.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 294. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 333 Goli?n
Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
DENTISTS.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. S09 Mar>
ket st, cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly: teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D., Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my won-
derful secret, painless method; 20 years' ex-
perience; no (Students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell, st
A NEW plate, the unbreakable Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years: crowns and bridge-
work; teeth without a plate; fillings, 50c;
crowns, $3 50: plates, full net, $3; all work
painless and warranted. CHICAGO DENTAL
PARLORS. 2' Sixth st. j _"
DR. LTJDLUM HILL, 1443 Market*, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting, 5Cc; gas given.
"MAIN Office" New York Dental Parlors. 1019
Market St., bet. Sixth and Seventh; consult
us on crowns and bridges; teeth extracted
positively and absolutely without pain.
VAN VROOM — "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st, corner 81xth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. IT. G. YOUNG,
1S41 Polk st.
PARIS Dental Parlor, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
I LOWEST prices in S. F. ; painless extraction.
EOc. New York Dentists. 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School;
patterns cut: evening class. 1019 Market st.
ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
lng, pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor &Moffatt.
S. F. Dressmaking, Ladles' Tailoring and Mil-
linery School: French system. 411 Van Ness.
ARTISTIC dressmaking: ladles' tailoring; re-
pairing neatly done. 120 Turk st
PKPIL ATORY:
O. C. C— A Harmless liquid for permanently
removing superfluous hair; will not Irritate,
burn nor poison the most delicate skin; agents
wanted. Ontario Chem. Co.. ag'cy. 426 Ellis.
v EDUCATIONAL..
aA^LA^H^^^LXRBH^College, Parrott" Bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter; teacher of
shorthand; reportorlal phrasing taught: prac-
tlcal bookkeeping; full course,. $50; catalogue.
HE ALD'S, BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post st.,
S. F.— Bookkeeping, ehorthand. typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, civil,'
electrical and mining engineering, etc.: day
and night sessions; new 80-page catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, and accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
BOOKKEEPING or shorthand— If you want to
learn In a limited time, take private lessons
from an experienced teacher. M. W. COR-
NELL. room 53. Thurlow block. 126 Kearny at
AIRES' Business College, 723 Market St.; day
and evening; Individual Instruction, $8 . per
month; life scholarship, $50; bookkeeping,-
shorthand, telegraphy, etc.; catalogue free.
WANTED— An "experienced teacher to give
conversational lessons in English to a prt-
vate pupil. Address box 263, Call. .
A thorough, experienced teacher of stenography
and typewriting wishes private pupils; testi-
monlals; satisfaction guaranteed. Box 249. Call.
HE FAILED! had he practiced bookkeeping a
short time with expert Tarr, 220 Parrot bldg,
he would not: be wise.
MISS M. G. BARRETT, Shorthand Academy;
lessons by mall; acknowledged by official re-
porters beat teacher, best system. 302 Montgy.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year tot positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market st.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. minlnf*.mech.,sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch.: day. eve.; est. 1S64.
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL. , 938 Market.
PRIVATE lessons; arlth., gram., reading, writ-
mg; lady schoolteacher. 467 Bryant, cor. Third.
PRIVATE lessons, arlth.. gram..* reading.* writ-*
Ing; lady school teacher. 467 Bryant, cor. 3d.
GENTLEMAN requires French evening le"s^
eons; state terms. Box 330, Call office.
EDCCATIOyAL.
MUNSON, School Shorthand. Typing, Bookkeep-
lng. Spanish. 137 MoryVy. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
UK and MRS. D. MANSFIELD, mueie studio:
violin, guitar, mandolin, banjo. 1S36 Eddy st.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— Night class. 424 Pine' St.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc, day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE responsible houescleanlng company,
established 1S70; practical recommend; try
them. 1026 Oak st., removed to 419 Devlsa-
dero; tel. Fell 136. F. HAMAD. ./-¦-
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor: estab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post St., near Powell; telephone Bush 135.
JAPANESE Housecleanlng Co.— Walters, cooks,
dlshw'rs; est. 1890. 419 Devlsadero; tel. Page 547.
JAPANESE and Chinese employment office;
best help. 526 O'Farrell st; tel. Hyde 2131.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice; all kinds help. S15 Stockton: Main 51S8.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. office— Best help
f urn. ; domestic eerr. 417 Powell; tel. Bush 876.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese, Chl-
nef a help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter: tel. Black 5072.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
Best help. 411^ O'Farrell St.; tel. East 428.
EMPLOYMEXT WANTED FEMALE.
GERMAN family cook, first-class, wants place
in American family, city or country, very
best references. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary «t .
SWEDISH cook wants place In hotel In coun-
try. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
A WELL educated French young lady want*.
a situation in American family as maid; no
objection to light upstairs work; best of ref-
erences. Box 289, Call office. .
REFINED young lady, French teacher, desires
to exchange lessons or light services for
board; references exchanged. Box 276, Call.
RELIABLE . woman would like to do house-
! work for home and small wages in Protestant
| family: references. Address II. D., box 270,
Call office.
WANTED— By reliable woman, work by the
! day: can do any kind of housework. 411
1 Clementina st.. bet. Fifth and Sixth.
EXPERIENCED stenographer and bookkeeper
wishes position; will begin on small salary
' and furnish machine If desired; no objections
to leaving city. H. E-. 911 Taylor Bt.
MIDDLE-AGED lady wishes situation: house-
keeper or Invalid; city or country. 124 Welch
Bt, near Fourth.
RELIABLE lady would like to learn massage
treatment: pay while learning. Address LEE*.
10S6 Valencia St.
MIDDLE-AGED German girl. Just out. for
plain housekeeping. ASMUSSEN, 718 Valen-
cla at.
I WOULD be thankful for sewing, mending,
eto.; would do It mo6t reasonable, or go out
by day; sleep home. Please call 215 Polk st.
GERMAN middle-aged woman wishes a sltu-
ation as housekeeper. Box 309. Call office.
STRONG woman wants work by the day wash-
ing, cleaning, etc.; wages $1. Apply 212
Clara Et.. rear.
RELIABLE middle-aged woman wishes posi-
tion to do light housework In American fam-
ily: can give good references; small wages.
Addresa Box 314, Call office.
DRESSMAKER with the best of 'references; en-
casements by day: tailor dresses specialty. 10
Metcalf pi., near Maaon, off Geary st.
DRESSMAKER and seamstress, good Utter,
news COc a day. M. F., box 324, Call office.
WELL-BRED German girl wants position as
nurfglrt; German family preferred. 4 Wolfe
St., near Army.
SITUATION ns housekeeper by woman with a
girl 14; country preferred. Apply 114S Mis-
sion St.. bet. Seventh and Eighth.
FIRST-CLASS colored laundress wants work
by day washing or cleaning. • Call 253 Jessie
St.. H. A.
LADY wishes position as housekeeper; city or
country. 120 Sixth st., room 2.
LADY would like position as housekeeper In
induing house; has had experience. Box 260,
Call office.
WANTED — Position as collector by bright ener-
getic young lady; no triflers; salary; refer-
ences exchanged; Al recommendation. Ad-
dress box 240. Call office.
WANTED— A position as governess to young
children or companion to lady. Address MISS
JAMES. Alameda P. O.. Cal.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night. $1 50 to $9
week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
EMPLOY.MEXT WASTED MALE.
AS nurse or attendant to invalid gentleman by
a German with long hospital and sanitarium
experience; well recommended. Address
Nurse, 474 Jessie st.
YOUNG man of 20, with 3 years' experience as
blacksmith's helper, wishes a like position.
with a chance to learn the trade; good refer-
ence. Box 2S6, Call office.
STEADY, reliable man, working part of time,
would like to have some engagement for Sat-
urdays or from 8 to 12 o'clock every evening.
Addr*?s box 2o7, Call.
COOK wants work; a good careful cook; or
would go as second cook; wages moderate.
T. SMITH, 313 Minna ft
BARTENDER, sober, reliable young man.
wishes permanent position. Address box 232.
Call.
GENTS' furnishing goods— A thoroughly com-
petent salesman, middle-aged, desires a per-
manent position. Address box 291. Call.
WANT position of any kind by steady young
man- fair penman; can speak English and
Spanish. Box 318. CaU office.
POSITION as bookkeeper or assistant desired;
flrst-clana references. Box 29S. Call.
SITUATION wanted by German as coachman
and gardener; can milk and do all chores;
good driver; wages $25 to $30: references given.
Address C. F.. box 313. Call office.
GERMAN wants situation as driver and solici-
tor. Box 311. Call office.
YOUNG man. experienced In office work, of
good address and well educated, desires po-
sition; reference. Box 30S. Call office.
SOBER man would like to work part of day
in exchange for room rent and board. Box
317. CaU office. ,
SITUATION wanted by a pobeT. reliable mid-
dle-aged man as watchman; good references.
Address P. MAY, 641 Commercial st.
LICENSED engineer (machinist), sober and re-
liable, thoroughly experienced with steam,
electric, Ice and refrigerating plants wishes
situation; city or elsewhere. Box 325, Call.
BUTCHER— Position by good block butcher;
best of references. Address W." J. H., care
Armour Hotel,' South San Francisco.
CHIEF cook with flrst-class city reference
wants position: hotel or restaurant. Address
PETERSON. 615 Larkln St. ¦
SITUATION wanted to take care of ranch by
man understanding orchard, vineyard and
general farm work, vegetable gardening and
poultry raising. Address box 280, Call office.
SOBER middle-aged man would like a position
as watchman; references. Inquire 416 Sixth.
BREAD and cake baker wants position. 313
Leavenworth 6t.
A YOUNG man wishes to learn to be cigar-
maker. ' Address box 104. Call office.
YOUNG man of 20, with 3 years' experience as
blacksmith's helper, wishes a like position,
with a chance to learn the trade; good refer-
ence. Box 256, CaU office. "
BAKER foreman, reliable and steady, wants
work as such; fatr cake baker. Address
Baker. 225 Third St.. Oakland. - . •¦ ¦
YOUNG man of 19 wishes a position to help
in a business house; small wages to start;
has English grammar course ; epeaks Span-
ish; residing with parents. Box 214, Call.
YOUNG man from the country" wants a posi-
tion as wagonmaker and blacksmith: worked
last ' place for 3 years. Call or address 108
Berry st. .
SOBER, Industrious, middle-aged man wishes
. situation as man about the place, as general
choreman or gardener; handy with tpols. Box
268. Call office. - ¦ - ¦
YOUNG man desires position as bookkeeper or
office assistant; reference furnished. Box
242. Call office. ¦ . ¦
MILKERS, separators and flrst-class cheese
and butter makers want work; city or coun-
try. Milkers' Union of California, 526 Mont-
gomery St.
JAPANESE boy wishes a situation as a waiter.
Please address 424A Powell st, or call tel.
Larkln 828. II. KATANO.
A— JAPANESE schoolboy wishes to do house-
work and wash dishes. Address 807 Polk st,
Japanese Mission.
JAPANESE laundryman; good help; ¦ If you
want me I come at once. O. MATXIYOSHI.
sr* Jessie st. .
HONEST young Japanese boy wishes position
as school boy or housework. Address S. O.,
605 Dupont st. -
POSITION wanted by experienced flreman;
first-class man. Address O. ,R., 27 Broadway.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st
BUSINESS CHANCES CONTINUED.
DELICATESSEN and smoked meat store In the
Mission; owner selling on account of sickness;
full investigation; no agents. Box 336. Call.
HAVE got a valuable patent: would like a
partner to take Interest in putting It on th»
market Address for 3 days box £31. Call.
WANTED- Partner for light, permanent, prof-
itable manufacturing business; no competl-
tlon; $150 required. Box 301, Call office. i
WANTED for cash ; business property Inside
Van Ness ave., under J15.000, paying fair In-
terest Box tl5. Call offloe; no agents.
FOR sale — Cigar store and stationery, estab-
lished 3 years, at a bargain. 329 Montgomery
a veu u e^
GROCERY and bar; good business; selling ac-
count sickness. 1111 Howard st. cor. Langrton.
ESTABLISHED, well paying business and pat-
ents in coast States for sale. Box 304, Call. . -
WELL-PAYING, restaurant; good location;
cheap rent; bargain. Apply 869 Hayes at
5 COW'S, horse, wagon and good-paying route.
Address box 2048, Call office, Oakland. .
WHAT Is offered steady young man with $100
and services? Box 294, Call office.
EARBER shop for pale: can also be used for
other purposes. 26 Market st.
GOOD-PAYING fruit store with living rooms,
cheap. 130 Eighth st.
WANTED— Interest In paying chicken ranch.
Address box 231. ¦ Call office.
LOAXS on all kinds of bric-a-brac, statuary,
curios, wedgewood, Dresden ware, lvorys,
bronzes, silver ware and all articles of value;
lowest interest; private entrance and room;
perfect secrecy: phone Brown 248; established
1851. UNCLE HARRIS, 13 Grat.t ave.
A— HOW; BREWERY and bottling works; owner
has other business; cannot attend to both;
will sell half or whole Interest See owner,
603 Battery st.
WANTED— Partner with $500 to go into a tim-
ber business; large profits; -—HI stand in-
vestigation. Room 1, 917 Market st
WILL locate 40 men on redwood and tanbark
timber claims, 3 miles from railroad. HALL
& McMILLEN. room 1. »1T Market st.
WANTED— Lady or gent with ?100 to act as
cashier; salary $15 per week. Including ex-
penses; must travel. II. S., box 2S5, Call.
KRUIT and vegetable .business, horse, wngon.
2 living rooms, to sell to-day. 1217H Scott.
"WILL trade ranch near city .for paying busi-
ness. Address Mutual, box 231, Call office.
JloO WILL buy a fine 2-chalr barber shop; fine
trade; must sell. 394 Sixth st.
A — FOR gale on account of sickness; one of the
oldest and best-known restaurants and saloon;
$3C00 to $£000 required. Apply 116 Front st
WANTED— L*a?e on hotel or lodging house,
furnished, city or c%intry. with a view to
purchase. Box 261, Call office.
FOR SALE— Cheap i fruit, vegetable and va-
riety store; corner Hyde and Vallejo ati. ;
rent low. Apply premises.
SALOON for sale; located 1 block from Hall of
Justice, near Kearny st Apply fl4D Commer-
cial st.
BEST paying roadhouse In the State; must be
cold this week; party going Eaat. Address
W. KLUCK. Vallejo. Cal.
$12.000— NEW building and stable; lot 100x120;
grocery and bar. stock and fixtures; on end
of car line; clearing $300 a me. Box 120, Call.
FOR sale — A 38-room lodging-house; price rea-
sonable. 649 Howard st., near Second.
FISH and delicacy store for sale. Address 346
Virginia at. Vallejo.
1250— GOOD paying restaurant for sale; rent J18.
with living rooms. 573 Hayes st.
BAKERS— Bakery complete to let: NW. car.
24th and Guerrero sts. Owner 123 Chattanooga,
INSIDE route on this paper for sale. Apply
CALL basiness office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 ;
Valencia »t.
lodging-houses for sale.
a^u^oo^i^T^o1;tiT^Jf^ia1Sk^et~si\ .-•
No Reasonable Offer Refused.
9 rooms; excellent value $500
10" " Handsome furniture i'jQ
12 " Clears $."^0 a month B'K)
14 " Corner house; only 473
20 " Golden Gate; cash only 703
27 " Clears $125, guaranteed 1150
30 " Al Investment 1400
32 " Big money maker '. 1800 j
44 " Transient house 2000 j
55 "• A sunny corner 27^0
56 " Klegantly furnished 4000 |
80 " Modern and complete 3000
106 " Magnificent house 35O>) {
Some high-class family hotels in all till-
tilcts. Cash or easy terms. We assist you
half the purchase money.
HAYES & WILSON, 8CS Market (The Elite).
A. L. WILLEY. room IS. 916 Market st.
16 rooms, $750: rent, with water, $25; Howard
St., near new Postofflce; all rented.
15 rooms, $1100; rent, with water, $65; Geary
st; oak furniture; hot water In every room.
29 rooms. $1700; rent $100; one floor; Market
St.. opposite I. O. O. F. building.
Other houses, lots, farms, mines and any-
thing you want for sale or exchange. 916 Mar-
ket st ; open from 8 to 8; phone Black .'£15.
LODGING-HOUSES wanted for cash custom-re.
Willey. 516 Market, rm. 18; phone Black 5215.
A— 22-ROOM house; central $1000
20-room house: first class 1050
ll-room house, $475; C-room flat 325
20-room house: Kddy; rent $75: only 900
FISHER & CO.. 1032 Market 8t.
SNAP; 11 rooms, furnished: clears $25 per mo.;
only $125. FISHER & CO.. 1032 Market st.
BUYERS of lodging-houses will find large list;
fine bargains in lodgtnK-houses. Samples:
102 rooms; rent J54; price $1500.
12 rooms; rent $34; price $400.
We loan money to buyers at 1*4 per cent.
SCHWEINHARD & CO., 917 Market st. be-
tween Fifth and Sixth. Phone Mint 1911.
M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market St.. room 1; free list;
new bargains every day tn rooming-houses;
over 600; all sizes and prices. Please call.
KinST-CLAPS rooming house for sale, price
$SM; pays well. Address Box 323, Call office.
A BARGAIN— House. 27 rooms, and full; no
work: cheap rent. Inquire Call office.
CARRIAGES AND WAGOXS.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EG AN & SON, 2117 Mission st.
ENGLISH ladles' and gents' Baddies cheap. 2i&
Golden Gate ave.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light |
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 632* Mission.
.NEW & 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ness, work & driving horses. 15th & Valencia.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRa E. SANDERS
614 TAYLOR ST
This celebrated Hindoo Palmist and Oriental
Seer has arrived and Is the only medium in
the known world who has three separate and
distinct bands
'(A HINDOO BAND)
For giving good luck In business.......
(A QUAKER BAND)
For the interpretation of the Bible
(A BUSINKSS BAND)
Composed of all kinds of business spirits;
gives advice on marriage. Journeys, business
and health; thousands of broken hearts and
weary souls have been reunited by this won-
derful woman's advice. Circles Thursdays at'
2 p. m. and Friday evenings; circles 25c.
MRS. DR. FARNHAM, world-renowned spirit-
ual medium; advice In all affairs of life, law-
suits, divorces, deaths; unites the separated;
mining a specialty; clrs. Sun., "Wed., Fri. ev's:
come and be convinced. Permanently located
613 Kddy st, bet Hyde and Larkln; no sign.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, test, business me-
dlum and Ufa reader; also medical clairvoy-
ant; treats all chronic and obscure diseases
at office or by letter; sittings $1. 1164 O'Far-
rell st. ; take Ellis car.
"CONSULT Watson." 1581 Market st, near
Twelfth: medium, clairvoyant psychic and
palmist; 50c and $1.
KARL EBERHARDT, proof of the lmmortal-
ity of the soul to-night 10c. 3250 Twenty-
second st.
MRS. DR. GILSON Is located at 614 Jessie st,
near Seventh;- sittings dally; circle to-night.
EDW. EARLE, slate writer, removed 300 Ellis,
cor. .Taylor; Sunday night, Pythian Castle. ,
MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium,
healer and card reader. 132 Sixth st.. room 1.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 3S5 McAllister— Mrs. C.J.
Meyer, sittings; convincing teats to-night; 10a
MRS. VIGARS' test meeting to-night, 10c. 14S
Sixth St.. room 32. second floor. • - ¦¦
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. E- M. DUVAL! ~ v ' " * ,
215 KEARNY'ST.. ROOMS 8-10t
Late of Los Angeles.
Mrs. Duval is a natural born clairvoyant and
business medium. Sho tells your past, present
and future life, diagnoses diseases, cures deaf-
ness, etc. If there are obstacles in the path of
your life she can tell you how to overcome them
and how to -avoid them.
Mrs. Duval has practiced successfully in Los
Angeles for the past nine years for all the prin-
cipal business people, as well as thoee in the
highest society, and still has patrons there, to
whom Khe will continue to give her valuable
advice. ¦ ":. .
MRS. E. M. DUVAL. clairvoyant and business
medium. 215 Kearny st, rooms 8-10.
: - • . ,.'f.--. ...'•¦ - .i- .. -. '--- .--.. - ...c.^n. (_ > .¦_li______ii
SAS FRAXCISCO CALL.
r.t'EINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
CaU, corner o? M— rkct tnd Third etreets. open
cntll 12 o'clock #-very night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 aiontgomery street.
c rcer Clay; cpe.n until 9:30 p. m. _ ______
£31 Eayet' street; cpen until 9:20 p. m.
CSS McAKitter etreet; cpen until 9:13 p. m.
Cfl Larkin street; open until 8:30 p. m.
J*<1 Mission street: cpen until 10 p. tn.
rid Market 6treet. corner Sixteenth; open
• !1 * p. tn.
IT'S Eleventh etroet: epen until 9 p. m.
:n?6 Vclercla street; cpen cntll 9 p. nu
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
f.:rity ttre»Ur: cpen cntll 9 p. tn.
CDIRCU SERVICES.
C'NTRAL Methodist Episcopal Church, Mis-
sion el., near Bixth— Dr. S. D. Hutslnplller
will preach at 11 o'clock on tee topic. "Flaih-
<s of IVjth en the Wreckage of Lies," and
*t 7:50 on the toric. "The Direct Challenge
of Christ to the Noble Soul." Mr. Kobert
I. oyd with chorus and eoloiets conducts the
excellent muelc, Mr. Rolla V. Watt the Bi-
ble school at 12:4S. Good Citizenship Chrls-
I in Er.de.avor service at 6:15. Seats free and
v tleoir.e for the people.
CAVALRY PresbyterSaji Church. Youcg Men's
Christian Association building, corner Ma*on
?.nd Ellis rts.— Kev. John Hemphlll, D.D.,
pastor. Rev. Henry 6inclair Klllen. D.D.,
v-Ul preach at U a. m. and Francis Murphy
will give one of his celebrated lectures In
thsi evening at 7:30. Music, anthen. "O Be
.Toj-ful in the Lord" (Warren); offertory.
The Shadows of the Evening" (Barrt Ehel-
;»y); fo'.os ar«d quartet Sabbath school and
Mr. JobnEton's Bible class at 12:30. Chris-
r'*n Eiideavor meeting at 6:30 p. m. Wednes-
day evening eerviee et S o'clock. Strangers
r.re ccrdialiy welcomed. Come and receive a
tieaEtcg.
FT. PAUL'S Church. CaJlfoixie St.. near Flll-
nore— Rev. W. M. Rei'Iv, rector; Rev. A- C.
¦Wll*on. _K*!8tant. Holy communion, 7:80 a.
m. Sunday school, 9:45 «. m. Morning
prayer and sermon by the rector, 11 a, m.
K.i -enir.c service, 7:20 o'clock, preacher. Rev.
A. C. Wilson. Week-day et?rrtces, dally at j
10 tU IT..
TlilNITT Church, comer Bush and Gough ets. j
—The F.ev. Frederick W. Clampett. D.D.. j
rectcr. Hoiy communion S a. nx Morning i
Ffriioe, 11 o'clock. Everlne prayer, 4
o'clock. The rector will preach.
BT. L.tTKE'S Episcopal CIrurch. cor. oi Van
.\ki «.ve. and Cljty »t_ Holy communion. S
e. nv Morning; prayer, 11 o'clock. Evening
terrtee. 7:*5 o'clock. Rev. T. J. Mackay, rec-
tor of All Saints' Church. Omaha, will
|;r»sch both morning and evening.
X":RST CotipTe^atloaal Church, corner Post and
Mason ets.— Her. George C. Adams, D.D.,
pastor, will preach at both services. At 11
a. m., theme, "The Straggles of a Con-
sr!ant!otis Man." At 7:80 p. m.. "The Peace
of God." "All ar» cordially Invited.
SECOND ITcitarlan Church, corner Capp and
Twentieth ets.— Sunday sdiool at 10 a. m.
Sermon at U a. m. by Rev. Geor— e W. Btone,
field agent of the American Unitarian Asso-
ciation. The morning music is made a spe-
cial leaturw of our eerviee. At 7:45 p. m. Mr.
Stone will lecture on "Unitarian Beginnings."
All welcome. Beats free.
FEVENTH Day Adv«-nt!st Church. 914 Laguna
et.. between McAllister st. and Golden Gate
eve. — PreachlrjE this Sunday evening at 7:30
o'clock by the pastor. Elder J. O. Corliss.
Subject "The Tree of Life Restored to
Earth aa Shewn in Revelation 22." AH are
cordially Invited to come and hear. Seats
free.
riRST Church of Christ, Scientist. Central
Mock, •_?;! Sutler et., between Kearcy st. and
Grant eve. — Christian Science Bible lesson at
21 a- m. : subject. "Ancient and Modern Ne-
oroinancy; or. Mesmerism itnd Hypn^ism."
Punday school for children at the Earn" hour.
1 Wednesday evening meeting at fc o'clock.
Free reading room, 205 Kearny St., room 110.
A!! are welcome.
KEV. J. T. WTLLS. D.D.. an evangelist from j
New T<->rk. formerly C»I this city, will preach
in Frar k lir-st Presbyterian Church, corner
VsTifjo. St-rviofs at 11 a. m. and 7:30 p. m.
Mr.-, ing theme, "Cod's Conff^flon for His j
Oiidrpn." ¦nver.inc, "The Greatest Name
Iti the WorUL** All are invited to lr-ar this
>-!f>q-jent preacher of the Gospel message.
Peats fre«.
A^«< TCIATION Hall, Mason and Ellis irts.—
Mass nv*tinp for mf-n to-<Jay at 3 o'clock, j
Aiior^f. "A Gr*-at 'Work," by N. H. Jacks.
Funeral recr»tary of the Oakland* Associa-
tion. All your.g men welcome.
IK Goepd Ha'.!. ICth Ft., n^ar Valencia, ad- j
dr^srrs on the T^rr:p:e of Culomon are con- I
tlnup'5 by J. McPr-nalJ of Australia. Punday I
nr.<i Tuesday ever.ines at 7:45. You are cor- i
diaUy ir.vited to attend.
CENTRAL Hall. HI Market ft.— Mrs. I'lbrandt,
special GoFj'fl tm^tintr at 31 a. m, and 2 p.
m. Public <~or.1ia!ly Invited. Come and be
saved; pu^stlons UUKCSCA.
Mr.rTING for breaking of bread and mutual
, - i^HOcation at Excelsior Hall. Mi.^fjun st., bet.
Nin.-t^enth and Twentieth. 11 o'clock.
FIRf-'T HtBtti Science Temple mptts 11 a. m..
Golden 'Jate Hall; usual •errioea; public, ln-
vltej; free. I
*". THK TheosophleM Society— Twenty-flfth anni-
versary ce'cbrs tlou to-night In Odd Fellows*
buiHtnjr. Fr<*-ia' programme.
MEETINGS SUNDAY.
j DR. J. DEPEW KERGAN will lecture thle
, ' evening en "The Science of a New Life." at
Crystal Ball. Pythian Castle. 90* Market St.,
followed bv maenlfic*nt views of I-*aris and
the Exposition Fr** tickets will be distri-
buted lor the X-ray exhibition at the eanl-
tariurn next Tuesuay evening. Seats free.
No collection. Note — Dr. Kwgan will lecture
to ladies only Thursday at 3 o'clock In
Friendship HaJl. Pythian Castle; subject,
"Light on Woman's Diseases.."
A GRAND Illustrated lecture by Dr. Dhul-
Macf'laire at Pythian Castle, 909 Market St.,
to-n!rht at f; BUbJ<»ct, "Cat— rrh. Its Cause
and Its Effects on the Lungs, Digestive and
2»>rvoue Systems; How to Know Its Insidi-
om ujluiAocoMi How to Prevent, as Well
as Eradicate Cause and Effects." Ijb is-t ep- ,
pearanre oi the world-famous "Oriental Seer"
in royal Orient-! robes, giving marvelous '
blindfold d»monFtratlocs. Seats free,
J-ijV."ARD EAKL.E in his wonderful occult
d< monstrations. tests, messages. Questions
answered. Pythian Castle, to-night; office
30j "Tuylor St.. corner dils.
BENJAMIN FAT MILLS ~at Metropolitan
Temple to-night; eubject. "Vibrations of Vic-
tory"; the public !s Invited; more than half
the seets free. A. O. Kckman, organist.
A— DR. RINES' spiritual society, 909 Market;
U. free; 2-S. 10c; Mm. Bird, Vigears, Maxwell.
The society will open a social and entertain-
ment S09 Market. December 13. S p. tn. /
MRS. MARY EVANS' circle to-day, 2 and 8,
10c; also to-morrow evening; de\'eloping circle
Wednesday night. 108 Sixth st.
JIF.S. STODDAED'S truly wonderful tests. 10c;
Tuea., Thurs. and Sunday, 8 p. m. 278 Ninth
et.; sittings.
MME. YOUNG'S beneficial spirit messages to-
night 23S Lark-n St.; 10c. Come skeptics.
) »IRS. ELRIE R1TTNOLDS' materializing se-
tnoe. Sunday evening. 223 O'Farrell st; Wo.
SPIRITUAL meeting to-nlrht; Mrs. Grlfln and
Bfcriner, others. Scottish Hall. 107 Larkln; 10c
CIRCLE to-nlgfct at 8 sharp. 10c; readings dally.
MVI_ MARQUISE*. I Hyde st, nr. McAllister.
MADAM JOHNSON— Circles to-day. 2 and t p.
m. ll»H Mission gt.; admission l»c.
MEETINGS— t'nlverRal Urotherhood.
THEOSOPHICAL Society. 819 Market St.— Lec-
ture to-night "Theosophy. Spiritualism and
Occultism," by Mrs. II. Somers: International
Brotherhood League next Tuesday night; sub-
ject. "How to Be Harpy," by A. Robinson.
MEETIXG XOTICES.
ilEMCERS of The Ancient and
Accepted Scottish Rite of
IFm-masonry— You are hereby /v<-7.X*.W*%
ot :¦ re J to assemble at Chapter /\-st£tfj*?jt5-f5
Hall. Masonic Temple, on /JrMn /N
SIWDAT, November 18, at 12 \f -j£*i__.*|
— i.. .'> tak<? :«.rt :n the funeral .r*. VpaT?
obsequies of our late brother,
THOMAS HUBBARD CAS-
WELL St" Pov. Grand Commander. SC,
S.J.. U.S. HENRY BURNES. Registrars
CALIFORNIA Command ery No. J, K. _
T.. No. 8 Post st— Omcers and mem- _*p
bers are notified to assemble in the ffji
asylum on SUNDAY. Nov. IS. at 1239 «fe
p. m.. for the i>ur_o«e of attending the "^
funeral of our deceased frater R E.. Sir
THOMAS HUBBAKU CAEWELL. By order
of the Commander.
HIRAM T. GRAVES, Recorder.
ASYLT*M of Oolden Gate Comxnandery -
No. JC, X. T.. C2S Sutter Bt.— Officers '*i&~-
and members are hereby notified to _^g
assemble in full uniform at the arylum nl
j TO-DAY at 1 o'clock, for the purpose >»
jO of attending the funeral of our late frater,
Bir TUU-tAS HUBBARD OAFWELL.
HOHERT UcMLLLAN. Em. Com.
WM. T. FONDA. Recorder.
THH members of the Past Mas- _.
t*»rs" Aftsociatlun, P. anJ A. v3
M.. are requested to meet at owL
V.'tKT..<- '!'(. j: ;iie. Post ami ff \%
Kuntgo^irry sts., at 1 o'clock IlL&lZ*}
on BL'NIjAY, November IS. flCj^Vvrt
1C"»j. to attend t!ie funeral of /1L%_f\
\ our - late brother. THOMAS /¦/ *™*^V\
: m:B3.\rm CAsvinLL. p. m. *rvi____Xv^
f of Nevada Lodge Jin. IS. K. — ;
A. — I. liy or"»r of the President.
PETER T. BARCLAY, Secretary.
MISSION LoSge No. 1CS. F. and A. M.— •
Officers end mf mbers are hereby noti- __P\_
Hf<S to attend the funeral of our late >C3f
brother, P. M. JOSEPH GRAFTON /V>
6MITII, SUNDAY, November IS. at 1:30 p.
m.. from the hall oi this lodge. By order of.
the W. U. GEO. D. FLACK. Sec,
EXCHANGE].
HOUSE and lot in Oakland to exchange, for
horses. Box 273, Call office.
__'_;-"__ EXPERT OPTICIANS-
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
Justed. N. Manasse. oculist optician. »1Q Mkt
FLATS TO LET.
A— 8-ROOM flat; corner; sunny; 2 bay windows;
all modern lmprovem'ts; 1st floor. 417% Thfrd.
BAY-WINDOW flat; first story: 4 rooms and
. bath; large sunny yard; $12. 1920 Howard st.
FINE modern flat of 6 rooms and bath; fine
marine view. .1009 Lombard st.
FURNISHED corner flat for sale: healthy lo-
cation: all the furniture of 4 rooms and bath;
rent only $12. 439SA Eighteenth St.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery.
MCALLISTER, €77— Flat of 1 rooms and bath;
rent $22 50.
NATOMA, 714— Flat of 4 room*, yard and cel-
lar; rent $10; no children.
PARLOR floor. 4 rooms;' sunny. 512 Hyde at
SECOND, 523— "Nice sunny flat of 4 rooms and
bath; hot and cold water.
SUNNY flats, 3 and 4 rooms, bath. Howard
st, between Twelfth and Thirteenth; key at
1626 Howard st.
TO let— Sunny flat, 4 rooms and bath. 4086
Twenty-sixth St.; rent cheap.
TWENTY-FIRST, 2314— Flat of 3 rear rooms;
all modern Improvements; yard. ¦
UPPER flat, 6 rooms and porcelain bath. 541
Castro St., near Nineteenth.
J7— 4-ROOM flat* on Victor st. off Bryant bet
7th snd Sth. Inquire at grocery. 941 Brvant.
$25— SUNNY bay-window, newly renovated.
medem. 7 rooms, bath. 1708 Washington at.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
NEW and elegant furniture of a new modern
flat of 8 rooms; no dealers. 334 Hayes St.
4 ROOMS furnished tn oak $43 50. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
KURJVITURI2 W ANTED.
$20,000 WORTH of furniture wanted imme-
diately for cash. 1182 Mission gt, near Eighth.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market st. ; tel. Jessie 761.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mlsslo'n St.. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 1305 Larkin: tel Polk 691.
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.). buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission; tel. Red 3353.
HELP WASTED — FEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 1S5
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
I waitresses, Arizona, $20, free transportation,
call early; 3 waitresses, different country
hotels, $20; 2 waitresses, city, $20; 2 lunch and
dinner waitresses, $20; lunch waitress. $3 SO;
4 chambermaids to wait, city and country,
$20; woman cook, small hotel, $30; woman
cook, small restaurant. $30, and many others.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Seamstress and nurse for grown child. SIS ;
housegirl., Oakland, $25; French housegirl,
$25; a number of young nurseglrls, some sleep
home, $10 to $12; and £0 houseglrls for city
and country at going wages.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
WANTED — Salesladies experienced in mackin-
tosh. Apply to Massachusetts Rubber Com-
pany. 710 Market st. after 10 a. m., Monday.
WANTED— A good looking young lady to ad-
vertise in show window. Apply Massachu-
setts Rubber Company, 710 Market St., after
10 a. m., Monday.
WANTED— Capable woman to do light house-
work and plain cooking In exchange for good
home and small wages. No objection to one
child. Box 322, Call office.
STRONG woman with family to work In lodp-
lngr-house; two housekeeping rooms and $12.
R., Box 320, Call office.
WANTED— Good cook and laundress, wages
$25. Call 503 Devlsadero st.
WANTED— By youn? couple, girl to assist la
housework; good home; small wages; Sauaa-
llto. Box 2S5, Call office.
A FIRST-CLASS children's nurse: city «fefer-
ences required. Call at 2112 Pacific ave.,
Sunday afternoon.
YOUNG lady for office work; low wages. Ad-
dress box 2S6. Call ofHce.
NEAT girl for light housework. Apply 1060
Capp St., bet. Twenty-flfth and Twenty-sixth.
YOUNG girl to assist with child; good home;
wages $5; call after 12 m., Sunday. 1S4 South
Park st.
WANTED— Middle-aged unencumbered Ameri-
can woman for small chicken ranch; good,
.plain home; pay moderate. Address box 303.
7 Call office.
GIRL to assist in light housework and care for
baby: good home. 1632 McAllister st.
YOUNG girl for shooting gallery; good wages.
Apply 4C3 DuDont St.
FIRST-CLASS lroner wanted; %l 50 a day.
Golden Gate Dye Works, H21 Point Lobos ave.
WAXTED-A middle-aged American working
housekeeper who is fond of children: good
home; moderate wages. Address box 267, Call.
FIRST-CLASS coat finisher; must be able to
mike buttonholes. Call to-day, between 9 and
12, or Monday, 411H Kearny st, top floor.
A FEW operators on white work and shirt
walst.«: experienced hands only need apply.
BAUER BROS. CO.. 21 Sansome st.
GOOD hand to make lawn hats for babies.
Box 105, Call office.
WHOLESALE house desires a wide awake
woman to travel; permanent positions. Bex
S10, Call office.
YOUNG girl to wait on lady living in hotel;
hours from 8 to 6; must be willing and neat
Call Sunday. 497 Gough st.
YOUNG apprentice for ladles'- tailoring; U a
week to start. 3S4 Geary st.
WANTED — Young woman, good singer and
pianist, for Arizona. Address Box 319, Call.
GOOD finisher on pants. 83 Third st, up-
stairs.
WANTED— Girl to do general housework. S33
O'Farrell st.
WANTED— Experienced nurses and general
houseglrls. CATTELL'S Employment Bureau,
625 Eighth St., Oakland. /
APPRENTICES wanted on vests. 724^4 Market
st. room 27; call Monday.
APPRENTICE grlrls to learn art leather work;
small wages. 613 Webster St.. 2 p. m.
GIRL to assist In general housework; wages
$20. 1115 Pierce St.
PRESSER on flannel coats. 636 Clay et, room
E, upstairs.
YOUNG lady to learn to be a medium and
travel with professional man. Box 332, Call.
FIRST-CLASS sewer on underskirts, tennis
gowns, etc.; take work home. H. FRIED-
LANDER, 238 Fell st. -
GIRLS for housework; good pay; waiters and
cooks. Pacific Employment Agency. 9 Geary.
GIRL for general housework and assist with
cooking: $15. Call 1716 Fell st. In afternoon.
YOUNG woman for housework and assist with
children; wages $15 to $15. 1SS0 Mission st.
WANTED— Stenographers, "Eclectic" system;
give experience. If any, average speed; full
particulars; salary expected. Box 259. Call.
EXPERIENCED operators on ladles' waists;
electric power; steady work: can make $10
per week. MARKS BROS.. 1212 Market st.
SEWING girls, attention! — Experienced opera-
tors on drees and negligee shirts: steady
work; good pay. Ixjwenberg Co., XI Jessie st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman to travel and appoint
agents; also 1 for branch office manager; $10CO
yearly : permanent ;. promotion. General Man-
ager. 502 Star building. Chicago.
A LADY Of Indomitable energy, possessed of
self-assertion; good opportunity to right party.
F. PERSON, room 412. parrott building.
GIRL or middle-aged woman; care of baby and
assist: $12. 819 Post st.
WOMAN or (rfrl to do light housework. Apply
at 116 Welsh st.
APPRENTICES on custom coats. S41 Market
street. • - j# ¦
WANTED— Lady agents to sell photo coupons
tn Mission; good money to rustlers. 2239 Mlssn.
WANTED— Elderly German* Catholic woman
for housework; $15 month. 782 Fulton st.
WANTED— Women and glrte to work on fruit
1731 Folsom st. 6et 13th T and 14th.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription?
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements an.l
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st % ,.
HELP WAKTED-MALE.
A— WANTED— To-morrow early, an experienced
milk wagon driver; references required ; $33
and board. TV. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay st
WANTED — Honest choreman about house:
moderate wages; good home; references. 3378
Twenty-third st
WANTED— To sell, flrst-claas barber ihop;
downtown location. 903 Van Ness avs.
MEETIXG NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No, 1, F. and A. • .
M.— The officers and members of the -_»»_
above naro«d lo<3g» are hereby notified jt_«
to attend the funeral of Brother A^r *
THOMAS HUBBARD CASWELL, late a
member of Nevada Lodge No. 18, at the
First Congregational Church, corner of Post
and Mason streets, THIS DAY (Sunday).
Nov. IS, at 2 o'clock p. m. The brethren
will assemble at Masonlo Temple at 1 o'clock,
and the procession will move to the church
at 1:20. Master Masons and friends of the
deceased are Invited. By order of the Master.
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
MISSION Chapter No. 155. Order East- W
em Star^ — OKicers and members are no- — g-^'v-
tlfled to attend the funeral of our late *¦¥
brother. JOSEPH G. SMITH, from
Mission Masonic Temple. 2668 Mission et,
THIS DAY (SUNDAY) at 2 o'clock p. m.
By order of the W. M.
MARY G. FOSTER. Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydrau-
lic process from F. D. Soward et al.. In the
Undine and May Day placer mines, consoli-
dated, near Gold Lake, Sierra County, to de-
posit tailings In a worked-out pit; from Mrs.
Annie E. Jones, In the Nugget placer mine,
near Johnsvllle, Plumas County, to deposit
tunings In Hopkins Creek; from C. D. Haa-
rard. in the Plumu Imperial Mine No. 2,
near Quincy. Plumas County, to deposit tall-
ings in Slate Creek; from David Corbett. in
the Golden Gate Mine, near Gibsonvllle, Sier-
ra County, to deposit tailings In Wisconsin
ravine, and from Charles Schneider, In the
American Mine., near Spanish Ranch. Plumas
County, to deposit tailings in a ravine, given
notice, that a meettne will be held at room
53. Flood building. San Francisco, Cal., on
December S, 19C0, at 1:30 p. m.
ANNUAL MEETING— The regular annual
meeting of the stockholders of the Paa.uh.iu
h'urnr Plantation Company will b« held at
the office of the company. No. 327 Market st_.
San Francisco. Cal., on SATURDAY, the 1st
day of December, 1900, at the hour of 11
o'clock a. m., for the purpose of electing a
board of directors to serve for the ensulnjr
year end the transaction of such other busi-
ness :* may come before the meeting. Trans-
fer bocks will close on TUESDAY, November
20, 1900, at S o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting — The regular annual meeting j
of the stockholders of the Honolulu Planta-
tion Company will be held at the office of
the company. No. 227 Market street. San
Francisco. California, on MONDAY, the 19th
csy of November, 1900. at the hour of 11
o'clock a. m.. for the purpose of electing a
board or directors to eerve for the ensuing
year, and the transaction of such other busi-
ness as may come before the meeting. Trans-
fer bocks will close on Thursday, November
S. 1S00. at 2 o'clock p. tn.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting — The regular annual meeting
of the stockholders of the Honolulu Sugar
Company will be held at the office of the com-
pany. No. 827 Market street. San Franeleco,
California, on MONDAY, the 19th day of No-
vember, 1900. at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.,
for the purpose of electing a board of direc-
tors to serve for the ensuing year, and the
transaction of such other business as may
come before the meeting. Transfer books
will close on Thursday, November S. 1900. at
< o'clock p. ra.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
AGEXTS WANTED.
HARPER'S new edition Waverley novels, 4S
volumes, 2600 illustrations, with subscription
to Magazine, Weekly or Bazaar, $24; payable
$2 monthly; solicitors making big money; can
use two more experienced men with satisfac-
tory references. HARPER & BROTHERS,
206 Kearny st.
AGENTS maka $25 to $70 weekly celling "Sun
Vapor Incandescent Lamps"; gives light
c-;i;al to ten electric bulbs at one-tenth cost;
costs Ie«=s than kerosene; a wonderful inven-
tion; every family wants one; big pay to
agent*:: exclusive territory- Sun Vapor Light
Co., Canton. Ohio.
STOCK of holiday books Just arrived: can fill
| agents' orders for any book published: more
agents wanted: "HalFtead's Gklveston Hor-
rors" now ready. DEWING CO.. Flood bldg.
¦ ORGANIZERS, ladles or Kentlemen. wanted by
i Eastern benefit order; exclusive territory: big
pay; permanent position; work in S*. F. or
elsewhere In California. Box 302. Call.
WANTED— Agents; energetic; no competition;
something new; great demand; large income.
Gardner-Kubln Co.. Masonic Temple, Chicago.
AGENTS — Do you want something more profit-
able and easier to eell than books or Insur-
ance? Add. F. V PERSON, r. 412. Parrott bldg.
SOMETHING new; sells by showing. Call fore-
I noon 40S Thirteenth St.. near Valencia.
I
i SECURE agency Xma* novelty; sample 20o.
Fast Import Aunts' SutvpIv Co.. 1125 Market.
ASPHALTl'M ROOFING.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired: postal. 11S8 Mission; tel. Folnom 1607.
ASTROLOGY.
DR. C. TOUBEY TAYLOR. Scientific Astrolo-
ger—Free copy "The New Moon." 765 Market.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
R_ W. KINGT927 Market St.. 6th floor, room 627
—Estates, damages, attachments, bankruptcy,
collections; all cases; fa'lr fees); no advance
charges; loans on estates. Tel. Howard ir.37.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success: collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, SSO Market, cor. Stockton.
I. EDW. JAKKETT, Hearst bldg.. Third and
Market sts.; phone Red 5262.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. Davidson, 9:7 Market st., opp. Mason.
U S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket st. : ronkultation free: no fees in advance.
BATH CABIXETS.
ROBINSON. Niagara, Perfection and others. W.
S. BROWN CO.. agency. 426 Ellis St.. S. F.
BICYCLES— For Sale or liiclianifc.
COASTER brakes; J7 60, put on. ALLEN, 301
Larkln st.
BOAfLDIXG FOR CHILDREN.
R*£Fl5^D"lad^y~^^rdTa'ke~_"chTld"to^a7d7
good home. 270 Fell st.
BUSINESS CIIAXCES.
A— $6fK) — FINE candy store in splendid location;
nicely furnished, cheap rent; clears $125 per
month; great bargain. LANE & CO., &G5 Mk r _
PARTNER wanted in an established business,
clearing $75 mo. each; !li?ht work; short hours;
nu exper. required. LANE & CO., 865 Market.
RESTAURANT, nice place for man and wife;
receipts $15 a day; low rent; see this at once.
LANE & CO., 665 Market st
BAKERY with oven all complete; will rent or
sell cheap. LANE & CO.. tf& Market st
PARTNER wanted, man or woman; business
established for years. LANE & CO.. 865 Mkt
A PARTNER wanted in a manufacturing and
contracting buslnees; duties will be the col-
lecting, taking orders In office and keeping ac-
counts. J. W. DONNELLY & CO.. 632 Market
JD'.'j-CX account of sickness; restaurant In
Berkeley, clearing $100; splendid opportunity
for husband and wife. CLOSE, 209 Kearny.
GROCERY and bar in good location; stock In
sight for full purchase price. W. L. HAR-
PER. 897 Parrott building.
PARTNER WANTED— An old-eetabllshed non-
competitlve buslnees with $250,000 capital,
with highest banking and commercial In-
dorsements, on account of the assuranoe of
four more years of prosperity, wishes to ex-
tend its business Into every State In the
Union, and an excellent offer Is open to men
of proved business ability and Integrity, who,
after Investigation, are In a position to be-
come financially Interested to the extent of
from $2000 to $5000, on a, salary of $125 per
month and a commission that will equal sal-
ary. Address Supt. State Departments, 621-
£24 Manhattan building, Chicago.
"McKINLEY'S ' election assures prosperity,"
active markets and large fluctuations in prices:
S100 Invested in strain or (stocks by my "Safe
Investment Plan" has paid larger profits than !
in any other manner of dealing; write im-
mediately for particulars; bank, financial and
customer references. STEPHEN A. CLEM-
ONS. broker. Old Colony building. Chicago.
IX)R rale — Flrst-claes grocery business; Al lo-
cation across the bay; owner having business
Interests at a distance demanding his atten-
tion offers a complete and clean stock, to-
gether with nice fixtures and good delivery
outfit, at a bargain. Grocer, box 2S8, Call.
AN old-established general merchandise busi-
ness for eale; the finest opening In the State
for party with capital; cheap rent; best loca-
tion; prosperous country; must be sold owing
to sickness. Address box 297, Call office. "
WANTED— By a responsible lady of best' ref-
erences, a flrt t-cla*s furnished rooming house
. to manage or housekeeper's position In large
hotel in any city on the coast. Address F.,
131 Buchanan et.
PARTNER, $500 cash, half interest, to take
charge of office, keep plain accounts; a chance
to learn a good-paying business; $75 a month
guaranteed : references required. Address box
829. Call office. ¦ . . - ;¦ ¦..,¦¦
BEST chance offered lor Industrious party In
poik and cauKage factory delicacies, etc; old
established; whole or half; well. paying; In-
vertigate. Box 306. Call office.
FOR rent— Chicken ranch; 8 acres: house, <• 4
rooms; orchard: chicken-houses; fine garden
soil. Address M. E. MOLOTT, Cotati, So-
noma County.
$500— MUST have I partner and more rooms ' for
Increasing business in our well-established
real estate office. FOWLER, 141S Call bldg.
FOR sale— Butter and ejff route; rood horse
and wag-on; tlcknes*; |2W)i £40 Halght-it '%
HELP WAJTTED-3IALB.
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main 8SK
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
WANT, 7 A. M. MONDAY «...
Greenhouse and florist gardener *35 and fd
Wagocmakers. stablemen, dairymen
24 farm hands and teamsters.. J2S and found
WE SHIP MONDAY FARE PAID
BO tiemakers, 9c to 12c. tools furnished: wood-
choppers. $1 to $3 cord, tools and provisions.
furnished
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
"A— BAKER for an Institution. Catholic pre-
ferred; washers and starchers: 18 cooks. JJl
to $50 and found: also second cooks. $33 an.l
$40; bakers, also second and third hands;
butter man for delicatessen store: German
waiter. MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
AT C. R. HAXSEX & CO/S 104 Geary art."
A NOTICE
All coal miners In this State or out of lh«f
State who want to go to Gallup, New Mex-
ico, best wages, free fare, can see superin-
tendent Thursday, November 22, In oui office :
correspondence solicited. For particulars apply
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary *U
RAILROAD WORK
Teamsters, tunnelmen, stonemasons, stone-
cutters, carpenters, free fare,
Miners, asphalt mine. K a day; 10 tanners
for orchard work. $20 and board. long job:
lather. $2 per thousand and board.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT — ..
Hotel chef. $100: hotel man. $80; meat cook,
country hotel. $30. fare paid; cook. Institu-
tion, $60; second cook, country restaurant,
$40. fare paid; third and fourth hands for
baker shop. $33 and $15; bell boy. country
hotel. $15; 6 dishwashers and kitchen hand*.
$20. $23 and $30; shampooer. Turkish baths. $.H*.
C. R. HANSEX & CO 104 Geary au
OFFICE boy for this office.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
A COLORED waiter for country club: $35 and
free fare. C R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
A— CARPENTERS. 6 cabinetmakers, 8 bench
hands, shaper and band sawyer, 2 sash and
door men. 2 sticker hands. Mechanics' Regl*-
tration Bureau, 410 Kearny St.. room 9: ncn-
* union mechanics please register; new Jobs
daily; no office fees. _
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
SALESMEN — To sell imported and domestio
liquors, principally fine Kentucky whiskies
and blends, case and barrel goods, to Jobbers
and saloon trade; good chance to the right
man; salary or commission. R. S. STRADfciR
& SON. C9 and 71 E. Water st. . Lexington. Ky.
WANTED— By established, well-rated firm,
scheme or specialty men to sell an exceed-
ingly attractive and salable line; special
terms and unique inducements; high-priced
men Investigate. Box 432. Detroit. Mich.
WANTED— Salesman calling on country store
trade to sell our selected line of dry goods on
commission, as a side line only, for spring:
trade. FRANK D. LA LANNE A CO.. Phlla-
delphla. Pa. ~ m
WANTED— An elderly man to work about a
country hotel; must take care of cow and
horse; a good home for a steady and sober
man. Apply at 615 Market st.
WANTED— First-class ladles' tailor: steady
work; high wages; also first-class coatmaker.
Address P. GLIXMAN. Vallejo.
WANTED— Salesman; experienced; for uphols-
tery goods and curtain department: state last
position. Address P. Q.. box 307. Ct-1 of flee.
JEWELERS. K8 Bush st, third floor, room i
WANTED— Boy or young roan. SOW Twenty-
flfth st., near Harrison.
BOY wanted. CHAS. BLISS. Call bnlldlng.
FIRST-CLASS saah and door bench hand for
country; call Monday. 575 Mission st.
A FIRST-CLASS operator on skirts at once.
RATNER. 1028 Market st
COATMAKER or pantsmaker can have seat-
room by himself. 104 Kearny. tailor shop.
WANTED— Cook and dishwasher. 104 Sixth
street. __^____
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting. :3o
to 50c. 562 Mission St.. bet- 1st and M sts.
BOY about 16. writing a good hand, correct at
figures and willing to learn a business. Ad-
dress L. J. A., Box 312. Call office.
WANTED— Boy for errands. $2 50 a week. <E3
Montgomery St.. room 38. top floor.
BARBER shop for sale. Call or address 36
Market st
$100— PARTN'ER wanted In small restaurant ;
clears $S0 month; no experience necessary.
4S6 Fourth st.
MAN with good references to manage business
of established house: salary $18 per week, ex-
pense payable weekly direct from headquar-
ters: expense money advanced; position per-
manent. Send self-addressed, stamped envel-
ope. Standard House, 303 Caxton bldg., Chicago.
$300— GUARANTEED yearly salary, expenses &
extra commission; men & women of good ad-
dress to appoint agents; new brilliant lines:
permanent positions; established house; rapid
promotion. Stafford Press Co., New Haven. Ct.
MAN to travel & appoint agents; $1000 yearly &
expenses; bright future to hustler. Bupt., &C1
Star building. Chicago.
GENTLEMAN of Indomitable energy and push;
good opportunity to right man. F. PERSON.
room 412. Parrott building.
BARBER shop: I chairs; In Western Addition:
a bargain. Inquire DECKELMAN BROS..
106 Ellis st
WANTEI>— Honest aged man as companion for
winter: Catholic preferred: free room, stove
and fuel. WM. D. DONOVAN. ISIS 17th jt.
WANTED— A good coatmaker for Martinez;
steady work guaranteed. Apply to M. J.
O' MA LLEY. merchant tailor. Martinez. Cal.
WANTED— A couple. German preferred; man
to do general work on ranch; wife to do gen-
eral housework. Apply box 334. Call office.
GOOD barber: none but a steady, reliable mar;
wages $12. Box 274. Call office. ¦
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, halt
price. £82 Mission st.. bet. 1st and Id sts.
FIRST-CLASS collector and canvasser. Apply
at once. E. C. LITTLE, 405 Montgomery, r. *.
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms. 10c. 13c and
20c. Boston House. 930 Howard st.
WANTED— A place to stop for the winter— This
can be found at the Adams House. 613 Sacra-
mento St.. near Montgomery: one of the few
respectable houses where countrymen comlnsr
to the city can find nice, clean, cheap, well-
ventilated rooms. A. McCREERY. Prop.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 larg*
rooms: 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN ¦wanted to learn barber trade; only eight
weeks required; position guaranteed; special
Inducements; catalogue and map of city free.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 835 Clay st.
WANTED — Young man who has served his
time In the old country as a lock or gua
smith; steady employment. Addresa JU Ma-
eon st. upstairs.
WANTED— Experienced electrical wlreman;
must be steady and reliable man; wages $1
per day. Bakersfleld Gas and Electric Light.
Company. Bakersfleld. Cal.
ACTIVE man for temporary local position
(several weeks); salary $3 per day. "D. B.
SHEPP, 723 Chestnut St.. Phlla.. Pa.
ONLY flrst-class pants makers; outside or in-
side. 504 Kearny St.. room 10.
GOOD varnlshtr on antique furniture. Apply
.Harvey's Antique Store. 1703 PoIK st.
PENSIOXS-J. H. Shepard A Co.. old-, reliable
firm. 80S Market, rm. 40. Phelan bldg. ; pension
vouchers executed. 25c: advice free.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order, $1 per week, at
cash prices. N. Y. Tailoring Co., 115 Kearny.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and gre*n hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
MEN and women to learn barber trade. S. Ft
BARBER COLLEGE. 741A Howard st
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Ma£
ket; 7Ct) rooms, 23c night: reading-rooms; frs«
'bus and baggage to and from ferry. < .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
tItCMOKK11Oll)S '
PILES — 300 cures business men In San Kran-
dsoo; can be seen; no operation; no pain; par-
tlculars n»nt. Ad. Phynlclan. box la.io. Call.
HORSES. LIVE STOCK. Ete—For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Orand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth st; auction sale* every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN ft DOYLE. Auctioneers.
HORSE clipping by experienced men: b^st work:
cheap prices. DALZIEU 60S Golden Gate ave.
HORSE and wag^n, together or separate; suit-
able for grocery. Address 1ZZ Ninth st
j FOR sale — Brown mare phaeton and harness.
Occident Stable, corner Geary and Polk stiit
FINE fresh family cow for sale. 141S Vermont
st. between Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth.
FOR sale — Two young coons. Apply 3062 Twen-
ty-fourth st.
HOl'SES TO 1<E T*
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to^et; send for clr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. ,14 Montgomery.
15-ROOM house. 2 baths, marine view. t n
choice location: 1307 Taylor St., near Wash.
; In art on: rent only J30. Including water. W
) H. CRIM & CO.r 118 Montgomery st.
: ELEGANT furnished house of nine r»m«.
bath, finished attic and basement: grand ma.
- rine view; carpets new. Call 2719 Pactnc awe
from 19 a. m. to 2 p. m. *
$14— EIGHT rooms and bath; newly paper* 1
J3 De Boom st. off Second, near BTanaaru.- . ¦ ¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 1900.
29
PERSONALS.
FINE suit. $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 437 Montgomery st.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 830 Kearny st, near. Pine.
SUITS to order on Installments; $15 upward; $1.
a week. LEON LEMOS, 1117 Market St., be-
tween Seventh and Eighth.
CANCER cured at home by Internal treatment;
no knife, plaster or pain; book and testi-
monials mailed free. Cancer Institute. 121
Wept Forty-gecond St.. N. Y.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale: also
chenllle-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine, In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
MRS. Dr. James positively cures rheumatism
without flrues or medicine. 29 Rddy. rm. 30
ELECTROLYSIS destroys superfluous hair and
moles; trial free. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter.
ASK for unequaled D. F. Black Suede Gloves;
tl 25 a pair; Kuaranteed. 121 Grant ave.
PCIENTIFIC massage treatment by trained
male nurse from the East 334 O'Farrell st
DR. LAMOTTE'P French Corn Paint the best
cornijure; 26c; all druggists.
BUY your coal of LANGE & GOFF, successors
to W. H. Wl!?»man,1711 Sacto.; tel.Sutter 2776.
SUITS to order on easy payments. Art Tailor-
ing- Co., 1644 Mkt.. under St. Nicholas Hotel.
OLP gold, silver, diamonds and precious etones
bought. J. R. JEN K EL. 817 Market st.
ALFREDI'MS Ksryptian Henna; restores gray
hair to Its nstural color: $1; at nil druggists.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
IS pages. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
PHYSICIANS AXD SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O* DONNELL— Of flee and residence,
1021H Market St.. between Sixth and Seventh.
UKAL ESTATE — CITi — FOH SALE.
EASTON. ELDRIDOE & CO.
«S8 MARKET STREET.
BIO MISSION INVESTMENT.
$lt,600— 6 flne modern flats of 4 and 5 rooms and
2 stores with 4 rooms; total rents $109
per month; on Fifteenth st
STOCKTON-STREET INVESTMENT.
$11,000— Rents $160 per month; 4 frontages: 11
flats and dwelling.
SCOTT-STREET FLATS,
$9,500 — Three modern flats of B and 6 rooms
aiid bath; porcelain bath: tile mantels,
etc.; rents $937 per annum; lot 25x106:3
feet
NEW MISSION CORNER FLATS.
$5,500— Two flats and store on Noe st! lot 25x
100 feet
BRODERICK-STREET BARGAIN.
$4,7E0— Lot £0x50 and 11-room house; near Bush
street
' LOVELY MODERN MISSION F__VTS.
$3,500— Two attractive well-built modern flats;
porcelain tubs; tile mantels, etc: can
arrange any terms desired.
MISSION WARM BELT HOME.
$2,750— Well-built houee of 6 rooms and bath
on Lexington, near Twentieth st.
PACIFIC-STREET HOUSB.
$2,200 — House of 7 rooms; rent $18 per month;
near Ijirkln Et.
CHEAP LOTS.
$2,500 — Southeast corner Oennanla and Flll-
more sts.
$1,300— Carl St., near Ptanyan: 25x137:6 feet:
flne level Ashbury Heights lots on Tre-
mont ave. at your own price on any
terms desired.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO., '
63S Market street
RED HOT BARGAINS.
AT— A. M. SPECK & CO.— AT
HARD TO BEAT? HARD TO BEAT!
PRICES WILL SORELY ADVANCE.
$1500.
Flats; rents well for »25; near Second.
$3200.
Flats; always rented for $44; must sell.
$7500.
Flats- brand new; ea»t of Van Ness; rents $72.
$S950.
Rents $100; 100-ft. front; near -Taylor st.; -no
chance like It.
$10,000 INVESTED
Will yield $115 monthly, clear over taxes. In-
surance, etc. This Is no Idle talk.
$14,600. .
Business property; rents $100; wake up If you
want to get rich.
$20,000. "
Corner; 60-ft. front; vicinity Sutter, east of
Hyde; grand hotel, office or rooming house site;
rents $107.
$30,000.
Rents J2S5; elegant new Improvements; 65-ft.
front; honest value.
$50,000.
44-ft. front; vicinity of Tlvoll; old Improve-
ments; rents $200: block from Market; will'
double surely In 10 years.
$75,000.
Grand corner: 75-ft. front: within block of
Market St.: old Improvements; rents $400; with-
in block of Hale's; worth $100,000.
$100,000.
Here Is 10 per cent net; on a corner 70-ft.
front: guaranteed lease 5 years; building bet-
ter than the Palace Hotel or no sale.
NOTICE— No time for trlflers. Cash talks In
our offlce. Try us.
Money to loan. 6 per cent. Including taxes.
A. M, SPECK A CO.. 667 Market at.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTSI
GREAT BARGAINS'.
CHOICEST LOCATIONS t
$600 to $800— Graded Sunset lots; $10 monthly,
$300 to $300— Lots Nineteenth ave. boulevard;
$5 monthly.
$600 to J!00— Choicest Richmond lota; $10
monthly.
$75 to $300— Ocean boulevard lots; $5 monthly.
$100 to $250 — Level Mission lots, near cars; $5
monthly.
$75 to $125— <3eti Addition, near San Mateo
cars; $1 weekly.
$500 to $1000— Ftew cottages; Installments Ilka
rent.
Branch offlce Ninth ave. and H st, 8unset.
Open every day and Sunday. Call for maps
and dlagrama.
SOL. GETZ & BROTHER, '
ROOM 64, CHRONICLE BLDQ.
T. P. RIORDAN. REAL ESTATE AGENT,
632 Market Bt., Room 2.
$3500—60x137:6; west side of Larkln st, near
Union; bltumlnlzed; grand view; must
be sold; make offer.
$36,000— Fine large corner, fronting three streets,
with Improvements; near City Hall: flne
Investment; part cash, balance on < per
cent mortgage.
$18,600—80x75 feet; flne Improved corner; south
of Market st, with flne Improvements;
always rented; $1275 yearly; bargain.
$6000—40x85; west side of Valencia St., near
Twenty-third, with Improvements; rent-
ed for $50; good bargain.
$15,000— Beautiful corner residence of 16 rooms
and all modern Improvements; flne lo-
cation: best bargain offered In the city.
$25,000— Fine Investment on Mason et-, near
O'Farrell: Improved.
$57,500 — Fine Improved business corner, paylnic
near $500.
I have several flne corners south of
Market st; good Investments; paying
well: great bargains.
$13,500—65x120; Bush St.. near Polk: with good
Improvements; must be sold: bargain.
Call and see me If you want to sell or buy
T. P. RIORDAN. 632 Market ft
RENT A HOUSE AND YOU LOSE* IN TIMK
8 TO 10 TEARS,
IN MONEY $3000 to $3000.
All this time and money gone to the landlord
and nothing to show for It
Four, five and six room cottages, within one
block of electric cars; flne neighborhood; large
lots; street work done; on easy monthly pay-
ments. O8CAR HEYMAN, 14 Post st.
SOME BARGAINS" AT~$5 A "MONTH*!
$150 and upward; flne building lots; one block
from Twenty-pecond-st. care.
Lots, 25x100 each, half block from San Mateo
electric care.
Sunset Heights lots on Fourteenth ave., 25x.
120 each; grand view.
Lots north of the park, near Point Lobos ave
OSCAR HEYMAN, 14 Post st
$10 MONTHLT— New l-room cottage and 8 level
lots; half block from San Mateo electric cars.
OSCAR HEYMAN, 14 Post st.
SUNSET HEIGHTS IN ST A LLMENT LOTS.
10 PER cent cash, $15 per month; Interest 7 per
cent; choice park lots ready to build on; 7th
ave.. Boulevard. K st.'and 8th ave., within 5
minutes' walk from the Music Stand; prices
ranging from $600 upward; possession given
so that home could be built Immediately. G
H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery at
C. C. BEMIS, Real Estate and General Land
Agent, 324 Montgomery sL
Make offer — Northeast corner Twenty-seventh
and Douglass sts.; must be sold; 80x114 feet
$1600— North line Carl st-, near Stanyan; 2Sx
127:6 feet
ALL sorts of financial problems solved by H
-MURPHY, 630 Market; 3d mortgages; estates.
SACRIFICE; house of 10 rooms and bath; lot
25x137; price $4250. 1715 Eddy at *
B* ___ - -nil -:. _ . ¦ . ' .
REAL ESTATE — CITY— FOR SALE.
DAVIDSON & LEIGH.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS. •
30 MONTGOMERT 8T.
Peremptory sale of valuable downtown prop-
erties by order of the executors of the estate
of C. F. Fargo, deceased.
$60.000— SE. corner Grant ave. and Bush «t. ;
large lot 69x100 feet, with, brick and
frame Improvements, occupied as the
criglnal Poodle Dog- restaurant and
stores. We have plans and* estimates
for the remodeling of this flne old-e»-
tabllshed corner property to that It will
pay over. 7 per cent net; rents now for
$4100 per annum.
$21.500 — Front St., east side, between California
- - and Sacramento; substantial bricx
' building; always occupied; rents $lb»iO
per annum; lot 21:9x?7:S.
$50.000— Grant ave., between Sutter and Bush,
corner Harlan place: flne 4-story brick,
stores and lodging-house;. large lot 44-
foot front.
$16,500— Valuable corner, fronting Golden Gate
Park, occupied for years as Dickey's
roadside-house; grand Tot 120x190; NVV.
corner Fulton or D st. and Sixth ave..
with frame buildings. In view of the
removal of the Chutes to this vicinity
this well-known corner Is deserving of
special consideration, as values are cer-
tain to enhance.
J1S50— Easily worth $2000; lot 27:SxlO4:«; on
Fulton or D St., between Sixth an'l
Seventh aves.; fronting Golden Oato
Park.
$9500— Third St. business prc >perty: west side,
between Folsom and Harrison; frame
building, store and rooming-house
above; always rented; tot 25x30.
$10.600— Cheap: lot CO-foot front on Fourth st..
between Bryant and Brannan: 4-story
building, stores and rooms; Nos. 612,
614 and 61S.
$*G00— Stores and flats; Nos. 1109-1111 Folsom
et., between Seventh ana Eighth; lot
$7:6x90 to rear street; rents $780 per
annum.
ALSO.
$11.500— Splendid ranch property, of 3N acres of
fine land, level and rolling, on San
Pablo Creek, about IS miles from Ban
Pablo, Contra Costa County; ample
water supply. The California and Ne-
vada Railroad passes through this
ranch. It Is understood that this road
will shortly be acquired by the San
Joaquln Valley Railroad as a short cut
Into North Oakland, which will revo-
lutionize values throughout this valley.
This property has been leased. for over
16 years to one tenant.
The above properties are positively ordered
to be aold at once to close the estate.
$22,600— Fine sunny corner property on Taylor
St., close in; 63-foot front; excellent lo-
cation for private hotel or rooming-
house, and will pay 8 per cent net;
tenant offers guaranteed lease.
$10.000— Storage or stable; brick building; 73-
foot front, near Howard and Ninth, sts.;
a bargain; building cost $9500.
Fine large corner lot. 150x200 feet near Mis-
sion and Thirteenth sts.; three fronts:
cheap.
$11,750 only; mortgaged for $10,000— Downtown
business property; 4-story building; all
rented; a sacrifice.
~. DAVIDSON & LEIGH.
30 Montgomery st
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO. (Inc.).
_ 613 CALIFORNIA ST.
• IMPROVED.
$13.000— Corner Green and Powell sts.; 70x70;
3-story building; rents $132.
$12,500— Union st. near Taylor: 8 modern flats
and rear house; 25:9x123:9; rents $37.
$10,000— Twelfth ,st, near Howard; 63x145; 10-
room dwelling.
$6S0O— Hayes St., near Buchanan; 25x120 to
rear street: house of 9 rooms.
$6000— Folsom St., near Eighth; 25x90; 1 flats;
rents $46.
$5250— California st.. near Baker: 23-1x52:6;
8 flats: rents $42 60.
$5600— Oreen st.. near Dupont; 16:6x80; I bay-
window flats; rents $55.
$3000— Rents $75 per month; corner t main
streets In northern part of city. ;
$4500— Florida St.. near Twenty-second; 81x100;
4 flats; rents $48.
$4500— Kearny st, near Union; 20x50 to rear
street; 2 houses; rents $33 25.
$2700— Central ave., near Hayes St.; ISxlOO;
store and 4 rooms and bath.
UNIMPROVED.
Corner Golden Oate ave. and Leavenworth;
137:6x137x6: ¦
$12,500— Cor. Clay st and Central ave.: 81:3
xl30.
$7000— Cor. Guerrero and Fourteenth; «8x98.
$7500 — Valencia st., near Twenty-sixth; 60x90.
Corner Bryant and Twenty-second sts.; will
subdivide; 65x100.
$3500— Fulton st., near Flllmore; $3:6x127:8.
. $3000— Lacuna St., near Page: 25x100.
1 $2750 each — Post St.. near Devlsadero; 1 lots.
$2000— Waller st., near Stanyan; 25x100.
$1800— Bryant st, near Twenty-third: 26x100.
$1750— Corner Castro and Alvarado; 28:6x106.
$1500— Sutter st., near Lyon; 85:3x100.
RICHMOND,
Terminus of Santa Fe Railroad, seven miles
to San Francisco; a great terminal city la bs-
lng built there, right under your nose, and
some of you old fogies will wake up soon to the :
I fact that you have missed the best Investment
In 20 yearn. Many are buying and buildings
going up by the icon*. See Richmond thl*
week. WESTERN LAND CO., 640 Market st-
FOR sale— New 6-room house on Hoffman ave.,
near Elizabeth St., cheap; also new 4-room
house on Hoffman ave., cheap; also new S-
room house on Prentlss st.. cheap. Jas. Cot-
ter, on Hoffman ave., has keys. JACOB HEY-
MAN, 117 Sutter at
UNIMPROVED lots In different parts of th«
city. JACOB HEYMAN, 117 Sutter st
$125 EACH $10 CASH. $3 MONTHLY
ALL LEVEL LOTS... STREETS GRADED
SANTA FE,
The new town at Point Richmond. Terminus
of' the great transcontinental railroad, 7400
miles Ion*.-: where ship and rail meet: 40 feet
deep water; the greatest real estate oppor-
tunity on tne Pacific Coast.
McEWEN BROS., 118 Montgomery b_
$5250— JUST finished; a large 9-room residence,
containing salon parlors, dining-room and re-
ception hall, highly decorated S wood man-
tels, kitchen, slnkroom. 5 bedrooms and large
hard-flnlshed basement; on Waller st, 1
block from Halght, between Pierce and Scott;
terms, one-quarter cash, balance $40 monthly
at 6 per cent. .
FOR sale, or would exchange for cottage _nd
lot In San Francisco, 6 acres of rich black
loam, house of. 4 rooms and bath, barn. 2
chicken houses, poultry, horse and buggy,
cow. good water, cloee to railway station:
price $1800. Inquire of owner. C M. DEANE.
Mountain View Pc*tofflce, Santa Clara Co.
$6750— A NICE $9000 home of 9 rooms and bath.
In the best block on Ashbury Heights: one
block from Halght st: accessible by 8 car
lines; must be sold at once; purchaser re-
¦ quires but small part cash, balance can be
arranged for at convenient time and small
rate of Interest Address Owner, box 29C
, ( Call office.
RICHMOND PANHANDLE LOTS.
$50 cash, $10 p«r month. Interest at 7 per
cent: Clement st.. Fifteenth, Fourteenth and
Point Lobos aves.: 25x137:6; facing the new
panhandle from the Park to the Presidio. O.
H. UMBSEN «c CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
OCEAN VIEW cottage: 7 rooms and bath; In
good order; lot 25x100; part cash, or will take
vacant city lots In trade. W. H. CRIM <fc
CO.. US Montgomery »t
BPLENDID chance for Investment: flne corner
on Harrison and Langton sts.: flne new 1-story
building, with all modern Improvements; com-
plete In 2 weeks. For Information apply to
owner on premises, J. MCCARTHY.
MODERN houses built: lowest prices; plans and
estimates furnished. Campbell. 1147 Mission.
HK A I. ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
ATTENTION, HOMESEEKERSI
We are subdividing one of the finest pieces
of orchard land In the famous Santa Clara
Valley, known as the San Martin ranch. 74
miles from San Francisco, on the main Una;
2 trains dally: railroad station on* the place;
town of San Martin part of the property with
Us $5000 schoolhouse; surrounded by beautiful
orchard homes; will sell In tracts to suit upon
payment of 25 per cent down, balance at 6 per
cent net; will refund fare to buyer; maps and
photos at offlce; we have made arrangements
with the railroad company to sell excursion
tickets on Sunday for $2 60 for round trip; cars
leave Third and Townsend sts. S a. m., back
In city at, 4:10 p. m.. giving 2 hours on ranch;
free carriages; our Mr. Bush will accompany
buyer* each Sunday; tickets. Saturday to Mon-
day. $3. DAVID BUSH & SON. 14 Post st
COUNTRY LANDS. "
Now Is the time to btty. -,*
There Is money In cattle.
There Is money In orchards.
There Is money In vineyards.
There Is money In general farming
There Is money tn dried fruits.
There Is money In sheep. ~ " v
Country land will never be as cheap again
We have some of the greatest bargains ever
Keen or heard, of In this State. Call or send
for particulars. . ¦ a
1 .... DA VIP BUSH A SON. 14 Post st.
MARIN Co.. 28 miles from S. F. — $40 to $30 ner
acre: choice lands In tracts of all slses- im-
proved ,fafm». chicken ranches, - hay. grain
fruit and vegetable lands; easy terms; rail
and water transit; good schools, HOME AND
FARM CO.. room 2. Sth floor. Mills bldg.. S.F.
FOR sale at a bargain: San Leandro: S acres-
new cottage of 8 rooms and bath; well, wind-
mill and tank. OLIVER GOLDSMITH, Own-
er, 1525 Golden Gate ave., San Francisco.
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
BALDWIN & . HOWELL,
10 Montsomery Street.
$8500— Rents $85; price reduced to make aulck
. sale; 2 houses and rear cottage; McAllls-
' ter st. close to Laguna; a safe Invest-
ment. " . . ,* ... . - ¦ .
$5600— Rente $63: Natoma st. near «th: coal
yard and four flats; lot *5s75; pays i P*'
cent
$3200 — Your own terms: '.new 8- room and bath,
reception hall, etc.; cottage built on cor-
ner lot: Laguna St., near Lombard: owner
must s«U.
BOO CASH— RENTS $37 50 PER MONTH.
Beautiful modern flats, located In the Mission:
finest chance for home-seekers ever offered;
you pay us $500 cash down and $37 60 per month r
this Includes Interest- and principal; .In 'Other,
words, you pay us for what the flats rent for;
you -buy the property for your. rent money.
$6000— RENTS $600 PER ANNUM.
Splendid inside ' downtown, centrally located
business and" Investment property; one-half
block from Market and 5th sts.; store below,
two floors above; lnveslgate this; a close offer
mi_ht be entertained.
$7000— RENTS $S18 PER ANNUM.
8 flats on north, sunny elde of Hayes st., near
Fillmor* >; largo lot, 27:6x137:6; pays well.
$32.500— McAllister St., opposite New City
Hall: lot 60xS7:6; substantial frame Improve-
ments.
$4250— MAKE OFFER. .
Cheapest two-story S-room and bath residence
for sale on Eddy st. ; splendid block; surround-
ings first class; street work done; lot 25x137:6;
mortgage $2500 can remain.
flLOOO-RENTS $110 PER MONTH.
Three newly finished modern flats, 7 room*
and bath each, looking Into Golden Gate Park:
surrounded by nice homes; convenient to all
cars: street bltumlnlzed: lot 23x106:3; this Is a
new, clean and safe Investment for your money.
$14,600— INSIDE BUSINESS PROPERTY.
Substantial 3-story business building; store
and two floors above; rents $1080 per year; busi-
ness thoroughfare; mortgage $S00O can remain;
nothing better for the money.
$2S00— MARINE- VIEW HOMB.
Splendid 2-story house of t rooms and bath,
on Jones St., near Union-st. cars; excellent
marine view.
$550-OWNER MUST SELL.
Owner wants cash at once: one or two $7M
lots for $5B0; Elizabeth St., near Diamond; lot
26x114; very desirable for a home.
, $1500.
Cheap home near Union and Laguna; cottage,
6 rooms , and bath.
$1060.
Only one-half a block from Market and 17th
sts and Castro-st cars; 15 minutes to City
Hall; two-story house of 7 rooms and bath; lot
40 feet front.
BALDWIN A HOWE— 1 *
. 10 Montgomery st
CREAM OF PARK LOTS.
Opposite new Park entrance. . ....._.
....Rare chance for home builders and In-....
vestment seekers; choicest building
lots on very easy payments; on,
the H-st. electric cars and fronting
..Golden Gate Park and the new l&th-ave...
....boulevard; lots and streets on official....
..gradas; macadamized ; plank sidewalks; gas..
and water service; low prices
Bound to Increase In value
..Your own terms; Interest only 6 per cent..
Money advanced for building purposes....
The costliest and handsomest modern houses
..In Sunset District are now being occupied..
and constructed on the new 19th ave.-...
....boulevard; call at once at our branch....
«... offlce (open week days. Sundays and
holidays), corner of H st. and 9th ave....
..south of Golden Gate Park, and ask to be....
..shown these beautiful lots. Full particulars..
and price lists also at our offlce
BALDWIN & HOWELL.....
10 Montgomery st..
-A HOME LOT
FOR YOU
TWENTY-FIVE DOLLARS CASH
Price $250; only $25 cash, balance small
monthly payments: a splendid opportunity to
commence and secure a future home.
GLEN PARK TERRACE^
% block from electric cars; only 25 minutes
from City Hall; maps and full particulars
at offlce.
BALDWIN & HOWELL
10 Montgomery st.
MADISON - BURKE,
Established January, 1&8-
Real Estate Agents.
Full charge taken of property.
626 Market St., opposite Palace Hotel.
$6500— PINE St.. near Scott: 2 flats; rent $57 SO;
lot 25x137:6. MADISON & BURKE.
j7000_I>;SIDE of Fillmore. In the best part of
the Western Addition; 3 flats; rent $55; must
be sold; will take small house In nice part of
the city as part payment MADISON _
BURKE.
LAUNDRY building with 2 flowing wells of Al
water, tanks, barn and lot 168x120, on north
line of Lombard st, bet. Flllmore and Etein-
er: also lot 152x120 on Chestnut St., In rear,
rents $73 per month: must be sold on account
of non-residence. MADISON A BURKE.
BUSH-ST. corner, near Kearny; lot 60x70, wi'h
large, substantial building: renta $230 per
month. MADISON & BURKE.
MISSION-ST. bargain, near Twelfth; large l-,f
new Improvements, store and flats: rents $110,
price $18,000. MADISON & BURKE.
$10,500— FINE vacant property; lot 87:6x90, with
2 corners; Taylor and Greenwich sts.; just the
place for a grocery. MADISON & BURKE.
$S0OO— AN elegant north corner In the Presld;o
Heights district; 60x90: this is choice prop-
erty and very cheap. MADISON & BURKE.
$€500 — BUSH St.. near Webster; 8 rooms and
bath: elegantly finished Interior; 27x100.
MADISON & BURKE.
$62.'(V-HAYES-ST. flats, near the Park; lot 2ix
137:6; rents $55; must be sold; north line of
street and modern. MADISON & BURKE.
$2S0O — NICE 7-room house on Noe St., near Hill;
lot 25x80. MADISON & BURKE.
$3500— RAUSCH St.. near Howard; large lot
with double house; big rent; must sell.
MADISON & BURKE.
$18,000— AN elegant marine view house. In the
best of condition; will take a smaller house
for part pay If not too far out. MADISON
& BURKE. ;
PINE St., near Scott; double house;' sunny;
small house; 51:6x137:6; cheap. MADISON &
BURKE. •
$4500— FLATS In the W. Add., near the Pan-
handle; rent $45: thoroughly modern and
Ptreet bltumlnlzed. MADISON & BURKE.
BUTTER St., corner of Buchanan; 35x87:6; only
$3000. MADISON & BURKE.
GEORGE M. WILLCOX.
32S MONTGOMERY STREET,
RESIDENCES RESIDENCES
$30,000— Franklln-st corner, near Clay; 14
rooms, 2 baths; every modern convenience; 53 x
137:6.
$20,000— Jackston-st. corner, nr. Webster: 14
rooms and bath: all latest Improvements; 58x110.
$12,000 — Broadway, nr. Octavla St.; unob-
structed marine view; 12 rooms and bath;' thor-
oughly up-to-date; 37:6x112:6.
{6750— Bush st.: substantial 2-story and high
basement bay-window house; 14 rooms; conserv-
atory and bath; lot 30x137:6.
$6560— Clay st., nr. Hyde; flne 2-story and high
basement bay-window house; 11 rooms and
bath; lot 22x£6:6.
$6000— Rlncon Hill; good substantial 2-story
and basement house: 11 rooms and bath; 25xS5.
$4500 — Nineteenth St., nr. Bryant; nearly new
6-room cottage and double lot.
$2750— Clara st., nr. Fourth; large, well-built
2-etory house, 12 rooms; 27x75; very cheap.
$2750— Fifteenth ave. South, nr. Railroad a— M
good 9- room house: 75x100. \
$2500— Maple st. ; . attractive 6-room cottag*;
also 2-room cottage, barn, and greenhouses;
S0xll2.
$1S, 000— Very artletlo new residence; elegant
and modern; superbly situated; In most fash-
ionable part of Oakland; worth $25,000; 14 rooms
and bath; 60x100.
$7500— Central ave., Alameda: best residence
district; a most desirable home within one block
of narrow-gauge station; 9 rooms and bath; lot
60x100. ; -. •
$7000— Tenth st, nr. Brush. Oakland: elegant
new house: » rooms and bath: beautiful
grounds; 45x100. '
GEORGE M. "WILLCOX.
•-y^X'-a:' 1 328 Montgomery it
P. B. SURRYHNE* ~~
REAL ESTATE AGENT.
138 MONTGOMERY BT.
$4500— Two good flats near Third and Folnom
sts.; rents $45; lot 25x112:1
$6000— May bo less; will submit a fair offer; i
modern flats near California and Steiner sts. •
6 end 6 rooms; rents $50: lot 25x87:C. '
$6000 — Two flne modern flats on Guerrero st.
near Seventeenth; renting for $55 per month'
lot 25x110.
$3500— Two flats, 5 and 6 rooms, near Market
and Guerrero sts.; rents $32 per month; lot
25x75.
$5500— Reduced from $6000 to effect an imme-
diate sale; 2 flats on Halght St., 8 and 7 rooms;
rents $50; lot 25x137:6.
$1500— A bargain; house of 9 rooms and bath
and lot 22:6x137:6; Clay st. near Polk.
$7000 — Must be sold on account of owner's de-
parture from the city; modern residence. 9
rooms and bath; colse to the Park; lot -25x100;
want an offer. • ¦
I have several flne Investments In the West-
ern Addition, also In the vicinity of, the Park.
Get my list before making purchase.
FOR aale — 2 houses and lot 25x75. on Stevenson
St., near the Postofflce; great future. -Applj
at, 270 Clementina at; no agents. ,,,',;/,: "- ¦:¦-¦¦
IF - you have - property north ; of- the i Park arid '
you want to make a quick sale call on W. J.-
OUNN. 530 California St. . . .- ' . .; . -,
HAVE you property In the Potrero or Excelsior
Homestead Tract that you want to sell? Then
call on w. J. GUlsN, 630 California st
REAL ~STATE-~CITY---FO R SALE.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
REAL ESTATE AOENT8,
14. MONTGOMERY BT.
$9000— Renta $930 per annum; business corner
on Howard St.; substantial Improve-
ments; two stores and two flats; always
rented: 44:113ix75:6; to cloas an estate.
$8500— Nice bay-window residence; GOugh *_,
near Post; 2-story and basement house
and lot 27:6x110. 4
$6250— Rents $720 per annum; Post s_ and rear
street; two flats and house; 25:10x120.
J6150— Devisadero st.: elegant modern residence
of 8 rooms and bath, etc.; electric light* ;
must be seen to be appreciated.
$5600— Rents $646 per annum; six flats near Blxth
and Harrison ste.; 60x75.
$5500— Rents $«30 per annum; two modem Park
flats of 11 and 7 rooms and bath each-
25x120.
$3250— Rents $553 per annum; Grove at. and Ivy
ave.; 2-story house.of 13 rooms and two
baths and cottage of 4 rooms.
$5200 — Rents $672 per annum; near Eighteenth
and Guerrero sts.; two flats of 5 and 4
rooms and bath each, and 2-story house
of 7 rooms and bath; brick foundation
etc. ; 67x90. *
$5000— Corner EO-vara . lot on Larkln st. 137 -fix
187:«; street accepted. - -
$4625— Rents $540 per annum: two substantial
flats of 7 and 6 rooms and bath each;
on Pacific Heights; 29x127:6; this is a
bargain.
$3200— Renta $444 per annum: store with stock
and fixtures Included, and flat of b rootrs
and bath; business locality at a transfer
point; lot 26:SV4xS7; Irregular.
$2500— Kents $40S per annum; four flats and lot
25x85 feet, near Ninth and Harrison ets
$2800— Cozy cottage of 5 rooms and bath; all
modern improvements; large lot, 34x80
feet; convenient to several lines or street
cars; nice location In th» Mltaion.
New pocket map of Ban Francisco County 25o.
• Choice llet of building lota In every tart of
the city at prices to suit.
CaJl and obtain one of our "Real Eatato
Records." which contains a list of properties
for sale In every part of the city.
G. H. UMBSEN _ CO.,
14 Montgomery st.
LYON & HOAO. ~
FINE) MODERN FLATS.
$5,450— Close to the Park; contain. B and •
large sunny rooms, baths and all con-
veniences; lot 25x123; rent $5] 60; cheap-
est flats In the district.
STOCKTON-ST. INVESTMENT.
$10,500— Rent $1200 per year: brick building on
prominent corner; leased to one tenant.
PAY8 9 PER CENT.
$15,000— Three handsome corner flats; frpnt
Park panhandle; sun all day; contain 8
rooms, bath and all conveniences; lot
82x100.
STORES AND FLAT.
$4,000— Rent $44; good 2-story building; brick
foundation, modern plumbing; on best
part of Castro Bt. ; very cheap.
BRODE-RICK-STREET FLATS.
$»,500— Fine Investment; up-to-date flats. T
rooms and bath each; rent $37 50; lot
27»ixlOO.
NICE BAY-WINDOW FLAT.
$8,«00— Rent $33; ISth st., near Castro; contain
4 and 5 rooms, porcelain baths; hard-
wood floors in dining-room and parlors,
PARJC PANHANDLE INVESTMENT.
$11,000— Pays 11 per cent; 2 swell flats, up to
date In every detail; kitchen in center
of building; one of the best investments
in the market.
CLOSE TO VALENCIA AND MARKET.
$12,300^Rent $115; 12 flats; lot 75x77Vi.
DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT.
$110,000— Renta $7000 per annum: 4-story build-
ing on prominent retail business street,
2 blocks from Kearny and Post ets.;
lot 62 feet front.
LYON & HOAO.
114 Montgomery st.
ATTENTION. WORKINGMENJ
ATTENTION. WORKINGME Nt
$300 and upward, $10 ca.«h, $5 monthly: build-
Ing lots on 25th and Mlssinslppl sts., not far
from the Union Iron Works, Sugar Refinery
and all the larffe manufactories located at the;
Potrero; flne, healthy location; only a short dis-
tance from electric cars; possession given upon
lirst payment; your rent money will pay for
your home. LYON & HOAG.
114 Montgomery st.
WESTERN •
ADDITION LOTS.
$1250 $1250
The cheapest lots In the city are those being
pold by the Plxley estate In the block bounded
by Fillmore, Steiner, Green and Union sts.;
the -prices for inside lota range from $1200 on.
Steiner and Union sts. to $1S5O on Green St.; re-
member the streets are paved; lots command
splendid marine view, are In close proximity to
the most fanhlohable residence section of the
city; good lots for flats or residences; bound
to Increase in value; no other land as close to
town for anything like the price asked for this;
must be sold to close an estate.
LYON & HOAG.
114 Montgomery st.
FOR SALE. BY BCRNHAM & MARBH CO..
'GREAT SACRIFICE.
$4000 Rent $40
Reduced to $3600; flats; brick foundation;
separate entrances; few feet from Sixth St.,
near Ml*elon; property cost over $5000; re-
duced for Immediate sale. .
BARGAIN IN FLATS. ',.
$5500 Rent $45 :.....
Two elegant flats; Baker st., near entrance
Of Park.
DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT. .
$15,000 Rent $133 a month
Grand corner building In 3 up-to-date flats;
8, 8 and 10 rooms and bath; new; built but 3
years and never vacant; nothing like It for
the money; east of Hyde st.
SEE IT.
$5300— Fine lot and 3-story building; near
Gtary and Taylor ets; rent $43.
MARKET-ST. PROPERTY.
J925O— Near Sixth St.; rear half of Market-
et. lot; good building; pays 6 per cent inter-
est; chance to double your money.
BEST BUT IN THE CITY.
$12,000— Rent $100; Third and Mission sts.;
flne 3-story building; large lot; co3t nearly
$19,000; one tenant pays Water and makes all
repairs; never vacant.
BURNHAM & MARSH CO.,
20 Montgomery at.
BPLENDID
MANUFACTURING SITE
NEAR NINTH AND BRANNAN.
Railroad facilities; three frontages; size 200x
200 feet; price $15,000; ¦ also lot 125x100 feet, same
location; price only $5000.
$17,000— A flne Investment property on croes-
town business street; steady tenants; pays flne
Interest.
$5000— Rents $62 50; two flne new flats In Pan-
handle district; all latest modern Improvements;
wide lot: flne buy for the money.
$6600— In Western Addition; Pine, near Pierce;
residence of » rooms, bath, pantry, eto.; large
lot with 1-
REDUCED TO $4000.
Good home of 7 rooms and bath; on Stetner
St.. near O'Farrell; owner anxious to sell.
$2600— A pretty Mission home, 6 rooms and
bath; wide lot; In flrst-clasa condition.
LOTS LOTS LOTS
In Pacific and Presidio Heights, on Paelflo
ave., Devisadero, Vallejo, Clay sts., eto.; all
prices.
McAFEB BROS., 108 Montgomery st
A FEW GILT-KDGE BARGAINS,
$K0O— Btore with 6 rooms in rear; 6-room flat
• upstairs; rented $34; Steiner, near Ellis.
$7000— Two fine modern flats; on Pine st., near
Steiner; rents $60; lot 27x80.
$3250— Two modern flats; on Broadway near
Leaven worth; rented $30.
$2J6O— Cottage of 6 rooms; modern, with gas;
lot 2&x90: Mission warm belt.
$4760 — Three mode— i flats; Broadway, near
Larkln; renta $43; lot 25x70.
$6750— 11-room house; on Bush «., near Hyde;
lot 20x125.
$4200 — 7-room house; modern; on Grove at.
near Baker; lot 23x112.
$6000 — 2 modern flats of 7 rooms; on Fell »t.,
near Webster; rents $47.
$21,000—8 elegant flats; on corner Octavla and
ElllB sts.; rented $175; new.
$35,000— J stores and 9 elegant flats; on SE.
cor. California and Steiner; rented $235
R. B. MOTT-4 CO., 20 Post St.
JOHN PFORR, 403 Pine street.
Opposite Nevada Bank.
Reduced to $4250— A splendid 10-room house
and lot 32x125 feet on Howard st.. near 16th
$4000— Credit sale of a Park panhandle prop-
erty on Oak St.. near Central ave.; tine cottage
of 6 rooms and bath; lot 25x110.
II1.0W)— Rent $123 per month; corner property;
lot 54xS0, with 4 houses, stores and flats.
$3000— Rent $32; a double flat and a cottage
In the rear; a bargain.
$20,000— Mission St.. near Sixth; a first-rate
Investment; lot 45x80, with two 10-room houses.
Nine flne building lots on Thirteenth st and
Clinton Park, only a few feet west of Valencia;
will be sold very reasonable. . .
$5750— Rent $528 per annum: 8-story; store
and 2 flats; a very snug small business prop-
erty. __;
HAWKS & SKELTON. • "~~
Rents Collected and Entire Charge Taken
of Property.
$40,000— Choice Investment: Sutter St., near
Montgomery; central, safe; pays over G
per cent net.
$16,000— SW. Green and Leavenworth; 137x137;
good dwelling; handsome grounds; su-
perb view; easy of access from Hyde or
Union st. cars; will sell house, and T7
. .feet; make an offer. ¦ :
$3500— Corner lot; Hyde and Francisco; secure
$1925 view of bay; Improving location; will
$1750 subdivide; 16 minutes from Market st
$5600— Geary st. nr. Devlf>adero; rents $55 per
' month: good Investment ;• make offer. .
HAWKS & SKELTON. 323 Montgomery st.
BENJ. H. LICHTENSTEIN. Blythe building.
Grant ave., offers for sale 43 feet by 160 on
O'Farrell .st, near Mason.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
G. H. UMBSEN _ CO.,
14 MONTGOMERY 8T.
J20 per acre— 133 acres near Willows; all
bottom land an<l under cultivation.
J2.700— «4 acres at Cypress Lawn Cemetery,
on electric car line.
11.200 — 20 acres at Garflelol. Fresno County, alt
In 5-year-old vines In fine, condition:
fenced; small house.
$1,600— im acres near Lower Lake. Lake Coun-
ty; 13 acres In vineyard; «.» acres grain
land; house and barn; fenced and cross-
fenced; must b« sol<1 within 10 days.
$1,000 — 2*1 acres at Glenhrr>ok; 40 acres under
cultivation: 5 acres in orchard; house
and barn; this Is a bargain.
$1,500—30 acres tn Mendootno County: near
Uklah; new 2-story d-iwmM house;
large barn; all fenr#rl; mostly In grain.
WO— 160 acres near Paso Robles, ML>nter<»y
County; ino acres level grain land.
$2,0Cft— iw acres near Napa City. Napa County:
half In hay; 7 acres In orchard anil ber-
ries; house, barn, etc.
I-4.00O— SO acres at Penryn Station. Placer Coun-
ty; all In fruit; one of the beat fruit
ranches In Placer County.
$17 Per acre- 82) acres m-ar Mary— •-11V; Sin
acres In grain; VW) Inches of water go
with the place; ranch can nearly all be
Irrigated.
$12,800—48 acres In Panta Crua County, all In
fruit: fine building; one of the b»st
ranches In Santa Cruz County.
• lots In the Mllhrar Villa Tract. Mil-
brae. San Mateo County: onVr wanted.
»3.25<J— 18 acres on the M»nlo roa<l. San Mateo
County; all flne lan«l.
FOR SALH OR»EXOHANGB.
1"5 Acres In Alameda County; 1W acres un-
der cultivation; good buildings; fenced;
well watered. *
$5,500—12 acres in town of Pleaaanton; all In
fruit; good buildings.
$3,600—40 acres In Santa Clara County; or-
chard and vineyard: good buildings; all
fenced: plenty of water.
$13 Per acre— 1250 acres In Glenn County,
near Willows; all under cultivation.
$4,000— 4ifl acres near Cloverdale, Mendocino
County; will exchange for Berkeley
property only.
$10,500—65 acres near Napa City. Napa Coun-
ty; nearly all In fruit; new bulMlngs;
well watered.
$12,000-4 fiats; corner building on Castro st.
Oakland; rents tor $S4 per month: will
exchange for farm of equal value:
-would assume.
We hare ranches to rent
We hare ranches to exchange far elty or
suburban property.
"We have city and suburban property to ex-
change for ranch property.
The above gives but a partial list of our
bargains. Call »n<1 see us.
G. IT. UMESEN & CO.. Country Dept.
R. B. BROTVNE. Manager. 14 Montgomery st.
A VINKTARD. orchard and home; 200 acres;
among the be*t In the beautiful Llvermore
Valley. Alameda County; three trains dally:
48 miles from this city; 83 acres in the best
varieties of wine grapen. from which has b**n
manufactured priie-taker wine at the great
fairs during the past years. The vtnee ar«
In splendid condition; no nerts to be found:
yielding large crops; winery and cooperage:
80,000 gallonji: all machinery and tonla re-
Qulred: dwelling and outhouses for men:
blacksmith shop; large barns; 10 acres In
fruit; fenced and ctc*s fenced: roads on 3
sides: one mile from Llvermore depot; we'i
supplied with water from two wells; the !>">
aeres vacant has many stately osdes. hay anj
grain; well adapted frw a fine stock farm;
climate un—irpn-sed ; the large town of Hver-
mere has excellent school, aortal and re-
ligious advantages; good reason* offered for
selling this valuable property at so low a
price and on easy terms of payment.
ALBERT EL CRANE. B>9 California et.
10 ACRES level, sandy loam soil, 1 mile from
Petaluma; 4-room hard finished, house, barn
ard some poultry buildings; well of water
and pump; J14C0; terms to suit. Write for
large free list. J. W. HORN, Petalnm a. Cal.
«40 ACRES choice redwood timber land In Men-
doclno County at $4 IA an acre; coin $10. Ap-
ply to P. ItOTHERMEL. 807 California st.
COMPLETELY equipped and furn. home of
10 acres near this city for $23f<0. Box MS, Call.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In ch*
United States or Canada one year for $1.
postage paid.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
WANTED — To exchange San Diego, Cofonado
Beach or Oakland property for shares in Mon-
arch. West Shore. Occidental or King Philip
011 companies. Address box 2047, Call office,
Oakland.
$3000—150 ACRES Improved; Sonoma County;
exchange for city home; all furnlshe.1;
stocked. E. E. BUNCE. 962 Broadway, Oakl 1.
WANTED— To exchange Improved ranch and
city property near th« Sound. Washington,
for Improved ranch In California. Address
box 2W. Call.
NEW cottage. 6 rail., bath; lot SOxlOO: Mission;
rental terms; and vacant lots. 413 Kearny »t.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
ALAMEDA BARGAINS.
> $1000— Large lot with 7-room house, between
narrow and broad gauge railroads; street work
done; near school; great bargain.
EASY TERMS.
$14C0— Lot S4xl25. with 6-room cottage; on
main avenue; great snap.
|24tf) — Fine J-story bouse of 7 rooms and bath:
Alameda ave.; near station and, school; terms
to suit.
$2700— Lot 43x150; fine, well-built modern
hcuse. 7 rooms and bath; on main avenue; near
trains, elect rio cars and school; easy term*.
$3000— Lot 33-11S; elegant S-room modern
house; good location: near station and school;
will sell on any terms and no reasonable offer
refused; see this snap at once.
$3300— Lot 40x150; on Broadway, near Santa
Clara ave.; new up-to-date house, $ rooms and
tath; flne location; on SO-foot street.
$4*50— Lot 50x140: 10 rooms: $300 cash, balanca
$35 per month.
$6000— Lot &0x207:S; 10 rooms and barn; Cen-
tral ave.; snap.
$6000— Lot 100x200; 11 room* and barn; $W0
cash, balance on fiat loan; worth $12,000; great-
est snap.
$7500— Lot 90x150: 9-room residence with barn;
on main avenue; best location In Alameda,
Houses to let In all parts of Alameda.
II. P. MOREAL & CO..
1422 Park st.. Alameda. Cal.
JUST what you"re looking for^ — A flne 7-roora
Colonial. 2-story house; lot 50x150: flowers and
fruit trees In abundance; convenient to trains
and schools; must be sold on account of de-
parture; price only $2S5O.
ALSO
One of the best northwest corners tn Ala-
meda, together with a new Colonial 5-room
cottage. $2500.
A GREAT CHANCE,
An elegant stte for a building; near Mor-
ton-st. station; lot 42x150: $S00.
ASK TO SEE
The 7-roora Colonial cottags on the north std»
of San Jose ave.; lot 50x150; sttuate in a
choice neighborhood; price $3300,
All the above can be bought on easy terms.
Houses built, rented and exchanged.
ALA1TEDA LAND COMPANT.
_00 Park St.. Alam «Ma, and
20 Post st, S. F.
t2oco— SNAP; cottage of « rooms, finished tn ele-
gant curly redwood; lot 40x120; close to sta-
tion and school- house alnne cost $2S00 to
build. A. O. BURNS. U01 Park St.. Alameda.
$r(>0— HALF cash: flne new S-room house; all
modern; first-class location; lot 60x119; palm
and fruit trees. J. H. YOUNG. Owner. 1243
Park at.
J1300 WILL buy cottage 4 rooms and basement;
near station; lot Mx203; street work and side-
walk: $C0O cash, $25 per month; look at thl*.
J. H. YOUNG. 1243 Park st.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
V
BERKELEY nE :V* ESTATE.
$1350— NICE neat home; cottage, 5 rooms, bath,
pantry, etc.; hot and cold water: brick foun-
" Cation, high basement; modern and In ex-
cellent condition; great sacrifice for immedi-
ate sale; lot 37:«xino; terms to suit.
H. D. IRYVIN. Lorin Station.
$2000— FINE, latest style, fully appointed mod-
ern bungalow cottage: t rooms and bath; hall,
pantry, etc.; convenient to Ashby Station:
street work all done: concrete walks: tinted
wall; gas fixtures: a flne home: easy terms.
H. D. IRWIN. Lorin Station.
$1950— NEW 5-roonTcottage. all furnished; bay-
window r flne mantel; street work all done; 1
block to train and electric cars; $TiO caih.
balance $13 per month: houiw cheap at $2200;
owner going Ea»t. W. C. MORAN.
$1500— $100 CASH, balance $20 per month; 8-
room house; high basement: 5-course brick
foundation; cor. lot. 45x100: 3 blocks to cars;
' will trade this for a ranch of eq'ial value.
W. C. MORAN. Lorin station. Berkeley.
LOOK— Six lots. 40x135 feet each; splendid lo-
cation: level; near local trains;' East Berke-
ley; only $1000; a map.
I will buy a lot and build a house to suit
you on Installments.' In Berkeley, Oakland.
Frultvale or San Francisco. H. B. PIMNEY,
opp. local station. Berkeley.
ALTA PTJNTA TRACT— San Pablo ave.. I
miles north of Berkeley: $150 to $250 per acre;
tots $S0 to $U0 each: $3 a month: call for
maps. C. W. HAIOHT. 4ftl California st- a. F
For Additional Classified Ad-ertlae-
ments See Page T-irtj.
INVALID CHAIRS AND TRICYCLKS.
f^'Lr 1 and rented: manfr. of the Hames tricycle
ch;,:r. EAMES Trirycle Co.. HOC Market rt.
LOST AND FOUXD.
LOFT— Purse containing money, cards, etc. on
Powell or O'Farrell Bt.; reward. Return to i
1J00 Leav«Ttworth et.
PLKASE return overcoat taken by mistake
Wednesday night at YOUNG'S Restaurant.
LOST— Purse. In vicinity of Eighth and Fol-
fm eto. ItMurn 1219 Folsoni Ft. ; reward.
LOST— Gordon netter bitch; tag No. 1148. Re-
turn to 2J.0 O'Farrell Ft; liberal reward.
LOST— Purse, on Polk rt.. between Bush anl
Sutter. Return to 1306 Polk st.
LOPT— Great I>ane dog (brtndle). Liberal re-
ward If returned to ]«$ Third st.
LO^T— A pa«bo<>k with the Illbernla Savings
and Loan Society of Pan Francisco in th*
rsuna of JAMES DORAN or HANNAH Do-
RAN, No. SM-lfH. The finder will please re-
turn to bank.
LOST— Opera glasses: Sausallto ferry or Mls-
elon-rt. car. FindT please return to 1207
Out ~*~> St.: liberal reward.
IX'ST—On Tuesday night, a pair of enameled
* pera glasses with handle. In white plush bag.
Reward <-f ?:0 if returned to 2701 California st.
MKDICAL.
DR ANP MHS. DAVIES. 12M Market-Laiies'
specialists; 'il years' praftlce; have treated
thousands of cajses successfully; positive cure
i l_-h: • » ; at off.ee; ia<liefi ir*>ai»d crti return
fccroe eame day; HINDOO HERB home cure.
anj one csn use It with eatisf action: perfect-
ly harmless. Send stamps for circular.
PR. O. TV. O'PuNNnLL. moved to 1018 Mar-
ket, opp. t?h; world -renowned ladles' special-
ist; safe, re'.iabie: practiced In Pan Francisco
for ye_rs; treated thousands of cases success-
fully; treatment can be used at home; ronsul-
!£ticn free. After all others fall call on him.
MRS. PR. WTETH, reliable specialist : 25 yrs.'
fucoewrul practice: guaranteed trestment at
o nee. SJ; any aliment; home for patients; con-
su't free. SC Poet St., bet. Hyde and I_ rkln.
HUB. DR. KOHL. »57 MARIvET BT., corner
Sixth— Safe and reliable ladies' physician;
Treatment, JS: positive cure guaranteed: when
ethers fall cor.su'.t, free, MRS. DR. KOHL.
DKS. GOODWIN. 1P07H Market, expert on dU-
eas*s of women; 15 years' practice in S. F.. a
cure cuaranreed; j; at office; have cured thou-
«an<1s of <-n»«-s; unexcelled i«uc<~ea««; see free.
NO TOT KEE. CMnese doctor; cures consump-
t!on, cancer, catarrh, etc.; all diseases treat-
ed; send for testimonials; advice free. Panl-
tsriu— -., 704 Sacramento St.. corner Keerny.
Mil'.TN'INO cure for rheu—. atism; formula il.
OEOUGE CALDKRWOOD. 1065 Wasaingion
s*. Oakland. Cal.
MRS DR. ALLEN. 103S Market— Ladies' spe-
cialist; safe and mjre cure. J?.: best 'are; low
fees; when all others fall consult free.
DR. POPI'ER, practical female specialist for
T. years; can be s*-nt_ 323 Kearny st.
MRP. DR. G— TER. ladles' specialist: home
f r>r n*ti»TitE. S:» Eddy rt.
JHIKRS A\O MI.M.VG.
BIO »il— »r. corr»r, tin and coal mines In
Mr-alco are being developed by us; buy stock
now. $1 ipas} pet" share, anj get enormous
returns later; no subscription ]*es than »1<X);
b»«rt reference*. Mexican Mining and Devel-
opment Co C8 I'nlvf ratty building. Mllwau-
ke«. Win
MIM ELLANEOLS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
1NTOSH & WoLPMAN, 1S5-1S7 Fremont st.
13ARS. back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and se^nd-han-i; we always
have a large stock cf saloon outfits on hand;
22 r<5— .p'.fte outfits on our floor, ready made:
we can chip everything in 24 hours. J.
NOONAN. 1017, 101S. 1021, 1023 Mletlon St.,
slvn-e t^lxth; write for catalogue.
CUBTU portable pipe-threading machine. ne~ :
ruts 1 tn 7. '.r.^h richt hand. 1 to 5 left: sold
a1 Uiaeoaat for want of us»; $60. JOSSELrN
& en., *'< Market et.
APK to see the $12 solitaire diamond ring; ask
to see the $15 solitaire diamond ring at
T'NOLE HARRIS'. IS Grant ave.
UZCTCUS for sale— High grade 1S0O. nearly
new p>m> wheel; perfect condition; cheap to
quirk buyer. Box 23$, Call office.
A NfcAV modern raake sealskin Jacket and
will guarantee a perfect fit. for $110; worth
iy». At CyCLB HARRIS', 15 Grant ave.
GAFOLIN'n. cat engines. sec<-»nd-hand. bought,
sr-ld and ejcchang-M. NEWELL. 16 liluxom *t.
Al IRIFH setters, runts, homers, white homers. |
CIlT.more Kennels, 2>41 Linden St., Oakland.
COI'NTER Mr.*, tea caddies, computing scales,
almost new. lei Pierce, corner Waller.
GAB engine: one horsepower. Can see run-
ning at «"hirt store, f.30 Valencia s_
tEALSKIN coat on 6ale cheap at E12 Post
street.
FOR sale— 10-foot hunting skiff. 2632Vi Bryant
etre*t.
Bt'Y a brand new typewriter for $5 down and $5
per rr.orth; write for catalogue and price.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE, 409 California
Ft. ; rentals, new machines. $3 per month.
A — BUYS, tells or rents sear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
fir. WHTTELAW, 21« fpear rt.
NEW CS Majestic range, with steam heater and
conker, cheap: sul'atele for 200 people. North-
east corner Polr.t Loboe and Fifth aves.
FOR eale cr to rer.t»A s4 electric light bath
cabinet: new. Northeast comer Point Lobos
end Fifth aves.
A PMITH-Pnniinn typewriter, second-hand;
send for price. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110
Montgomery rt.
f-HOUPE Golden Gate eras or gasoline engine.
JirO; csn be eeen running at 62J Golden
Gat» ave.
TULLIARD table, balls, cues and rack, com-
plete: dirt cheap. BENJ. CTRTAZ _ SON,
II o- Fan-ell st.
A— 1*0 HORSEPOWER er.rine. boiler, two-drill
sir compressors. JARDIXE'S. 210 Fremont st.
FINE upright piano by month or year; reason-
s hie. Inquire rr.]4 Mission st. -
CHEAT Dane pups for sale. CaJl at SW. cor-
r.er of Fifteenth and X>e Haro M*.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern goods
tvught. sold, exchanged. 109 McntgomerJ' et.
FOR SALE— Pet deer. Address' D. GAL-
liUEITH. box 3S. fHockton. Cal.
OHTTAT Dan»; broke to harness; ¦—111 carry
child on fcis back; cheap. S10 Howard Bt.
li-TON Fairbanks rcaie and fire and burglar
proof Mfe. 21 1 California «t.
FTRFT-CT.APP second-hand nnKi»rn enirlnes anj
boiler* bought and sold. KROGH Mfg. Ca
20-1-LIOHT dynamo, engine and boiler, com -
7,l*te; cheap. EL S. WHITE. £16 Mission st.
XVILL. rer.t full dtvfj Tuxedo or Prince Albert
ru:ts for J2 50. Portland _oan Offlce. 25 Stktn.
TAFE?— New tjd second-hand. THE HEll-
MAN'N SAFh_':O.. 417-«3 Facramento Et.
J'OKTABLE enrlnee. boilers; Iron and wood
planers, lathe*; 2d-han1. J. Durke. 1S9 Beaie.
MAGIC lantenrs, new and Id-hand: moving
pictures. Bl'LLAP.D & RRECK. 131 Poet s»T.
FA FES— New and second-hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ FAFK. 1"P-111 Market ft.. Pan Fran.
31ISCKLLAXEOl'S WAXTS.
~TANTE:t>— Bmall second-hand motor, one-flfth
to ene-tenth horsepower. Address Mechanic.
Call office.
LADIES' and gents' cast -off clothlnr bought _
*o!d. fillver— .an. 5«4 Fol*cm; tel. Folsam 1191.
KLEIN Bti'.l pays bett price for clothing, brlc-
«-hr«c ana books. 109 Rinth at.; tel. Jessie 141.
¦WA NTJCI>— Upright piano for casn. H. 1*.
riHTEHRAn, 1710 Market st.
aiOXCY TO LOAN.
A_NT amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back Jn lr.stallmer.ts or as a whole; If you
ewe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay It and carry the loan as long as yon de-
sire; avoid red tai.* and publicity: see us
first; you will be waited upon quietly and
quickly. Call 68-CT Doaohoe bldg.. 1170 Market.
AA-BEST rates and easiest terroa,
Second Mortgages
Interest In Estates
Undivided Interest In Real Estate
Financial problems of all sorts and sizes
solved "by HERMAN MURPHT. 680 Market.
A-MON'ET to loan at rate* which people c*n
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of your friends or you will loee
their friendship; <5o business with strangers
and you will \j* better —fctltfled: no delay; no
publicity. Rooms * and 10, SmS Market st.
ANT amount at i per cent; 1st, -d and Sd mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In, pro-
bate; mortgage!, and legacies bought: no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
whwe. It. McCOLGAN'. 2« Montgomery, r. X.
ANT proposition, any amount; < per cent; first,
second mortgage*!, estates In probate. Interest
In estate*, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgaa/es. life insurance. Room 16, first floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN A OL8EX.
HIGHLT respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rate*. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846 Market
¦t.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 1» Third at.
LOAXS. 1st or M ratgs-dtv. country: f.%nnd I -
vlded tnt»; estates. HARPfcR. 297 Parrolt t>dg.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co., tii Parrott bulld-
ir.r, men can secure louse on personal note.
MOXRYTO LflAX. w
A— $500,000 ON city and country real estate and
estates; chattel mortgagee; notes and col-
laterals. J. BROWNSTOXE, 11 Montgomery.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal; low rat»>s; confidential.
BONELLI, 301 Jones st., corner Eddy.
MONET loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm . 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
TO salaried p»v3ple vrlthout security; all busl-
new confidential. Tou?ley Co.. S21 Parrott big.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for building:
low rate. Home Rid* Co.. 222 Pansome. St.. r.2.
MONfTY to lo«n on furniture by private party;
low rate. 817 Market St., room 1.
ON furniture and pianos; no removal; confi-
dential; on diamonds, etc. 33 T:|ylor st
CABH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MOKKELL. 609 Examiner buildlns.
TO Falarled people without collateral or ln-
rtorser. S. F. Discount Aren<-y. 143 Phelan big.
MCSICAXi iKSTROMESfTS.
Xb"poLVtELY the largest exclusive wholesale
and retail piano hcuse west of Chicago;
ORont? jieerless Helno and Hallet & Davis,
Il<-'Ston> oldVpt and n-nst famou* piano, and
ten oth(>r tr.akes; pianos rented; rent allowed
on purchase.
3 Heine uprights K"~
1 Mapon & Hamlln SM
2 Stelnways !?••
1 Chiok^rlng 1«5
1 Marsh '11 & Wendell 63
1 Emerson 85
HKINE PIANO CO., 217 Geary st.j open
evenings.
| THE old reliable Docker & Son pianos: estab-
lished in is:.«: are found not only In the par-
¦ lore of the wealthy, but also In the ramllles
wh»re a firM-class article Is desired without
I being obliged to pay an exhorbltant price.
'¦ They can l« had in small sixes with plain
I case at a flture within the reach of most
any one. end as the tc«ne and a/^lon Is the
; beet, thej- are real bargains. We eell them
I on payments If desired. THE ZENO MAU-
VAIS MUSIC CO.. 76S Market jt
ANY person having use for a piano can be ac-
commodated at Sherman, Clay & Co.'e with
ea*1<«t payments, lowest prices and most re-
liable makers to choosa from. Each the b».3t
of their crarte, from Steinway down. Priv-
ilege given to exchange medium and low-
priced pianos for a new Steinway any tinit
within three years from date of purchase.
Beautiful new uprights sold for $< each «uvl
$6 per month. We offer to sell sorr.e gooj
pianos for 13. $4 and $3 per month. SHEh-
i MAN. (.'LAY & CO.. Steinway dealers, cor-
i ner Kearny and Butter sts.. San Francisco,
corner Broadway and Thirteenth at., OaJi-
i land.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE' S. 26.
2S and 20 O'Farrell st.; pianos, organs and
all ether musical Instruments of. all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
A BARGAIN LIST.
Conover Walnut. Behr Bro#. mahogany, Pter-
Mr.g walnut. Bacon ebonlxed, Ha,llett & Davis,
I Halnef Bros., at Facrlfloe; $140 up. BENJ.
n'RTAZ & SON. 16 OFarrell St.. Chickerinir
j agency.
A FEW extra bargains In • Fecond-hand up-
rights; cool as new; Steinway, Chase Bros.,
Schmr.an. DEWING CO.. Flood building.
t'PRIGHT piano; standard make. In good con-
dition; owr>er muft leave city; a bargain; $75.
BfiB, Call office.
GREAT many bargains In Ind-hand uprights;
small Installments. Hnrnung, 216 McAllister.
SOHMER & CO., Byron Maury. Gabler. Spiel-
mann and Hamilton pianos. 30S Post Bt.
FINE large 3-pedal upright piano; must be
sacrificed In 5 daye; leaving cit>-. 332 Turk.
UPRIGHT piano in good condition, cheap; ac-
count of leaving city. 1431 Sanchez nt.
EALE of high-grade pianos at factory prices
this week. THE DEWING CO.. Flood bldg.
NEUMAN upright. $75; Sherwood. $S5 : Peek.
$100; other bargains. BRUENN. 208 Post st.
BEST rent stork In city: new pianos; $3 per
month. SCOTT CURTAZ, SCO Hayes st.
St'PKRIOR violin*, zithers, old and new. H.
MI'LLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
A cleaning out of pianos for storage; dirt cheap;
Installments: Wilson's Storage. 1710 Market.
A BARGAIN: must be sold: nice upright piano.
SCHMITZ, 3€ McAllister st.. next Hib. Bank.
HIGH-GRADE pianos; Steck. Hardman, Con-
ov»r _¦ others. W. K. ALLEN & CO.. 314 Post.
OFFICES AXD STOItES TO LET.
A— MODERN store with fixtures grocery and
bar; 999 McAllister. SPECK & CO.. 667 Mar-
ket st.
TO let— C20 Market: third (top) floor of 7 room*:
rent reasonable; opposite Palace Hotel. Ap-
ply MADISON _ BURKE, €26 Market et.
EM MA SPRECKELS building. 927 Market St.—
Light funny offices. $15 to $20 per month, with
llcht. heat. Janitor and use of phone.
OIL;
~ JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ, 330 Pine street.
MEMBER .PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Country correspondence solicited.
OIE STOCK. '
EXCHANGE— Windmill. 80QO-ga11on tank. SO-fL
frame and hot air engine, for O K non-assess-
able oil stock. Address box 2049, Call office,
Oakland.
OIL LANDS FOB SALES.
PROVEN oil lands in the Kern RI%-er field for
eale; no stock proposition; no wildcat scheme;
this Is sure territory In the largest and best
known field In California. If you want to form
a company buy good land on the line of the
railroad. NEWTON. CARMAN _ SOMES.
B. C. MASON, agent, room 101, Chronicle bid.
A FORTUNE for $500-The first U. S. patent
oil land on the market In 20-acre tracts.: send
for map and experts' reports and particulars.
A- L. WILIVT. 916 Market St., San Fran-
e!si5o; phone Rlark 5215.
PALMISTRY.
H. JERO^E^FBB^ElXirsclentlflc paTmTstr 615
Taylor et.. bet. Geary and Post; tel. B!acK B«l.
MME. NEERGAARD, 700 Post: tel. Hyde 2932;
hours 1 to 5 eve., and Sunday by appointment.
PATENTS AND PKNSIOXS.
ADVICE free: no charge unless succenaful.
OKO. D. CAMPBELL. Lawver. Examiner bl«
PERSO.NALS.
ANT honorable arentlenlan over 40 bavinfr com-
fortable home, country preferred, who desires
correspondence with trustworthy American
woman; object matrimony. Add. box 300, Call
TOUNG gentleman In comfortable circum-
stances, a stranger In California, would like
to form the acquaintance of a yountr lady;
object matrimony. Address box 327, Call.
PEFINED widow, JO, wishes the acquaintance
of a gentleman of means; object, matrimony;
references exchanged. Box 310, Call office.
MISS B. GALVIN^-Call at 3510 Mission street
and hear eomethlng to y<<ur advantage.
YOUNG horseman from the East desires ac-
quaintance of a lady. Box 321. Call office.
.*. «MOY or grlrl baby for adoption. MRS. DR.
\IKKE, 1416 Eighth St., Alameda.
SECRETS THAT WIN— Knowledge, that pays:
science that brings business & social success —
cures disease and bad habits: wins love and
f'iendshlp: gratifies ambitions; gives wonder-
ful power and control over others; you can !
learn home; write for Illustrated br.ok; ex-
plains all hidden myEterles of Personal Mag-
netism, Hypnotism, Magnetic Healing, etc.
It's free. Address New York Institute of
Science, Dept. 117B. Rochester, N. Y.
THE Btar Hair Remedy Is the only preparation
that will restore gray and faded hair to na-
tural color and at the same time cure dan-
druff and eczema of the scalp, stop falling and
aro— new hair; therefore the best and the
cheapest; sold by drUKKlets and hairdressers.
OPERA hair styles; the very newest; r,nly 25c-
doll wigs a specialty; also hair ornaments,
switches. $1; LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
PARTIES contemplating trip to and from Ha-
waiian Islands, with first-class accommoda-
tions, and wishing to be taken care of, mny
Join advertiser; enclose stamp for reply. Ad-
drees "Excursion," box 2. Novata, Cal.
ALL scalp and hair diseases cured at the Hir-
eultlng Co.'e. 6 Eddy et. Have you seen the
Egyptian Titian as applied by me? Investiga-
tion eetabllshea confidence. Mrs. E. R. Dunlap.
BTRICTLY private and secluded residence away
from the public gaze, for the treatment of
women; confinement cases taken. MRS DR.
rt'NKE. 14U Eighth *t.. Alameda.
FRED MANN, magnetic healer of nervous and
other diseases, specialist In head trouble and
rheumatism; pamphlet tent free. 84& McAllistr.
LKDERBH'K Qulntonica Is a superb hair tonic-
ur.surj a.-»»a; 25c bottle. 123 Stockton st.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS-Tel. South 79? :
made to order; renovated: honest work guar-
anteed; feathers and hair cleansed; uphol-
etered furniture cleaning a specialty; flne up-
holstery. HOPKE P.ROS., SIS and 320 11th st.
IJBE LEDERER'S Foamo Shampoo, it will
keep your hair fresh and clean; 6c package.
Deafnecs cured or no ray.
C. H. ROWAN, Milwaukee. Wls.
ELECTRIC light In every room — ¦ Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third st., near Market; 700 rooms;
tie to $1 60 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry."WASHINGTON, Nov. 17.— Postmaster
General Smith to-night gave an unquali
fied denial to a published report that ho
Intended to resign next month.
"Will Not _«ave the Cabinet.
It Is In furtherance of this colossal deal
that Mr. Hill has decided to relinquish,
the presidency of the Great Northern to
his son. Samuel Hill, who is now general
manager of the company. Mr. Hill will
be chairman of the board of directors.
The dissolution of the Northern Paclno
voting trust, which becomes effective
January 1 next. Instead of a yeax later, a.i
originally proposed, will permit the dis
tribution of the stock of the company a*
above proposed and enable James J. Hill
to take control of the property.
Mr. Hill and several of his friends win
enter the directory of the Northern Paci
fic, some of Mr. Morgan's associates in
the Northern Pacific will be elected direc
tors of the Great Northern ana Union Pa
cific Interests will also have representa
tives In the boards of the other two north
ern railroads.
There is to be no consolidation or lease
of one property to another, for Messrs.
Hill and Morgan recognize that the law*
of certain Western States would not per
mit of such a thing. Mr. Morgan and Mr.
Hill, acting with the Deutsche Bank of
Berlin, which has always been a large
owner of Northern Pacific stock, have
pooled their Interests of Northern Paciflo
stock and have recently greatly added to
their holdings of Northern Pacific shares,
until they now have a majority In the>
great pool. This is to be turned over to
the Great Northern, giving the latter
control of Its rival. The Great Northern.
It la believed, will pay for this huge block
of Northern Pacific stock by the issue oC
new Great Northern common stock, or by
means of a new security yet to be deter
mined. ?
This statement Is officially made by on©
of the hiehest executive officers of tha
Northern Pacific Company, who admit*
his company is about to pass under tn«
control of the Great Northern, according;
to the long-cherished plan of J. J. Hlu.
of the latter road.
Mr. Hill is acting in close harmony with
J. Pierpont Morgan, who Is the chief fac
tor In the management of the Northern,
Pacific, and lt is for the purpose of put
ting through the big combination that
the Northern' Pacino voting trust has
been dissolved.
NKW YORK. Nov. 17.— The Mall an<l
Express to-day prints the following: Two
gigantic railroad deals. Involving tha
Northern Pacific. Great ..orthern a_d
Union Pacific, on the one hand, and the
Atchison and Southern Paciuc system*.
on the other hand, have just teen com
pleted and will shortly be announced-
Gigantic Deal Accomplished by Pool
ing His Stock With That of
Pierpont Morgan and th ¦»
Deutschs Bank.
Successful Coup of the Presi
dent of the Great
Northern.
HILL TO CONTROL
NORTHERN PACIFIC
Grand Treasurer Martin and Grand Sec
retary Lunstedt have returned from their
northern trip. They visited , all the
parlors of Mendocino, Humboldt and -Del
Norte counties, riding through the storms
along the coast and over the mountains
and through the magnificent forests some
700 miles from Point Arena to Eureka
and thence to Crescent City, almost on the
Oregon line, and back again over the
terrors of the Bell' Spring Mountain, stop
ping at Willats and Ukiah to do a little
missionary work for new parlors there.
Henry W. Little, D. D. G. P.. who ac
companied them, will soon reorganize
Ukiah Parlor. The order was found in
splendid condition, and the visitors were
received with the greatest cordiality by*>
every one except the weather clerk, who
was sometimes of damp spirits. During
one storm In Humboldt fallen monarchs
of the forest were frequently encoun
tered across the road. The experienced
travelers, however, « had an ax (alreadv
ground) with which Henry S. Martin soon
removed the mightiest obstacles.
Grand Trustee Dooling is out on the
lessen, Plumas and Sierra trip of official
visitations, which was taken by Martin
and Lunstedt last year, and Grand Trus
tee Shea Is on the Sisklyou,* Shasta and
Trinity, which they took the year before.
Grand Trustee McNoble visited the Contra
Costa and Sonoma parlors last week and
this week he will visit Rio Vista Parlor
with the grand secretary.
Native Sons.
Grand Master W. W. Watson returned
a few days since from an extended tour
of visitations. He visited the lodges at
Corning, Redding, Anderson, Etna Mills.
Sawyers Bar, Fort Jones, Yreka, Slsson,
Chico and Durham Lodges at Chico, Bid
well and Buena Vista Lodges at Biggs,
Cherokee,- Orovllle. Brownsville, Yuoa
City and North Butte Lodges .at Yuba
City. He found the lodges prosperous,
progressive, proficient in the work and en
thusiastic In diffusing the principles of
benevolence and charity. Speaking of his
visits he said: . ','It is very gratitying to
note that in every community 1 have vis
ited the best and leading people are
earnest Odd Fellows, taking a pride in
the lodge and in the success of the order."
Last Monday the grand master paid a
visit to Fidelity Lodge and on Friday he
was with Ophir Lodge. In the near future
he will visit the lodges of San Jose, where
there is to be a Joint session, and be will
also call a joint meeting of ih© lodges in
Sacramento.
Deputy Grand Master Williams Nichols
Jr. accompanied the grand . master on his
visit to Corning and he was accompanied
by Grand Warden M. C. Gill on the visit
to Red Bluff.
San Francisco Canton No. 5. P. M., has
made arrangements for a grand banquet
on the night of the 7th of December.
.At a meeting held last Friday night the
preliminary steps were taken for the pur
pose of forming an association of past
grands. . ¦ •
Spartan Lodge had an open meeting and
entertainment for. its friends in the South
San Francisco Opera-house last night.
On \ the night of the 12th of December
an ' entertainment will be given In the
Tivoli for the benefit of the friendship
fund of the San Francisco relief commit
tee. This fund is used exclusively for the.
relief of Odd_Fellows not members of the
local lodges.
The open meeting of Cosmopolitan
Lodge last Wednesday nleht was attend
ed by as large an audience as ever
crowded into afemorial Hall. . The master
T_e Odd Fellows.
Ivy Chapter has elected Mrs. Harriet
Teresa Noah, matron; Charles Lord Field,
patron; CharlottcEliza Tisdale, associate
matron; Eva D'Ancona Saulsbury, sec
retary; Carrie Augusta Anthony, treas
urer; Minnie Fidelia Wallis, conductress;
Marie Louise Reddick, associate conduct
ress. These officers will be Installed on
the 11th of December. On the night of tha
27th inst. the chapter will initiate a num
ber of candidates.
Mission Chapter has elected the follow
ing named: Hattle Ann McPhun, matron;
Alexander Mlddleton Cox, patron; Sarah
Ann Cox, associate matron; Mary Garton
Foster, secretary; Sarah Maria Flack,
treasurer; Elizabeth Josephine Chrlsten
son, conductress; Dr. Louise Bacon Deal,
associate conductress. On the night of
the 24th inst. the chapter will initiate
eight candidates, the last work this term
by Alice Frances Hickie, the present ma
tron and her officers.
Beulah Chapter has elected Fannie
Ayers, matron; John Partridge, patron:
Helen Seeman, associate matron; Anna
Elizabeth Smale, conductress; Mary E.
Donoho, associate conductress; Mary Jane
Todd, secretary, and Rose Klspert, treas
urer. The installation will be Decem
ber 10.
Miss M. G. McConkey having declined
a' re-election as matron of Olive Branch
Chapter the honor has fallen to Mr*.
Rose M. Plstolesi. Dr. Thomas Byron
DeWitt was elected patron; Margaret
Fitch, associate matron; Evelyn Sheeline,
secretary; Bertha B. Mackrett, treasurer;
Lizzie Atwood, conductress, and Theresa
Fredericks, associate conductress. Mrs.
Mackrett received the vote of every mem
ber present for the office of treasurer.
The installation will be on the night of
the 26th inst.
Harmony Chapter has elected the fol
lowing as its officers: Margaret Kelton,
matron; M. Carson, patron; Mary Ella
Klein, associate matron; Eva May Hare,
secretary; Annie Marie Johnson, tres_
urer; Henrietta. Albertine Mc_agan, con
ductress, and Virginia Lee Lewis, asso
ciate conductress. This chapter will, on
the 22d Inst., initiate several candidates.
work being performed In a
manner that was highly commended. The
music incidental to the ceremony was by
Mrs. George L. Darling. After the close
of the lodge there was served a collation
in the banquet hall and addresses were
made by a number of those. present. Th's
chapter will have two more to initiate at
the next meeting.
s<r~^sT • AST Thursday night Golden
I Gate Chapter Initiated two
j candidates, Laura Blade and
MM H. G. T. Schumacher, in the
<j_^ j presence of a large number of
r *; " members of the order, the
The Eastern Star.
Reception- committee — Mrs. H. M.
Greene. Mrs. J. Quinlan. Mrs. C. Dodge.
Miss E. O'Brien. Mrs. Val. R. Bury. Mrs.
A. Decker. Miss M. Long. Miss E. Ander
son: floor managers— Miss E. Bennlng and
Mrs. F. P. Wehe; floor committee— Miss
A. Betkowski. Miss A. Tlcoulet. Miss A.
Grimes. Miss E. Phillips. Miss C. Fa
chette. Miss C. Amadee.
The following named were visitors at
the office of Grand Secretary Mlas Laura
J. Frakes during the past week: Hannah
Gray of Stockton Parlor. Emma D. Ralph
president, and Lucie E. Hammersmith re
cording secretary, of Darina Parlor; Mar
garet J. Smith, recording secretary of Oro
Flno Parlor; Mary McCormlck Frances
Griffith and Miss Durosler and . Branlce
PeguHlian of La Vespero Parlor- Mrs
Dolly Colwell of Sutter Creek Mrs Bowla
of Eltapome Parlor. Mrs. Minnie F Dob
bins, recording secretary of Sans'Soud
Parlor Mrs. Wehzer. city; Miss Hunter
and Miss Agnes Hunter of Alameda and
Henry Lunstedt. grand secretary of th«
Native Sons of the Golden West.
Darlna Parlor, the aggregation of beau
tiful girls of the Western Addition, has
arranged for a flrst-claia "at home" in Its
hall, on the evening of the second Mon
day In December.
The vaudeville programme, farce and
dance given last Wednesday night by
Buena Vista Parlor, In Native Sons' Hall
In aid of its fund for the relief of sick
and distressed members, was attended by
a very large number of people anxious to
help the good cause along. The pro
gramme Included an address by Grand
Vice President Mrs. Genevieve Baker, vo
cal selections by Miss Etta Welsh. Oscar •
Frank.. Miss Etta O'Brien and Frank W.
Thompson and a farc« entitled. "The Lit
tle Rebel," the parts being assumed by W.
M. Ogilvie, J. Bayard Whittmore and
Misses Emma Bcnnlng. Belle O'Brien and
Ella Wehe. all acquitting themselves
with credit and winning much applause.
The affair, which like all given by this
parlor, was a most enjoyable one. It was
managed by the following named com
mittees:
The Native Daughters.
Next Tuesday night there Is to ba a
glorious time in the hall of California
Council. Speaker Nicholson has arranged
a programme that he will present after
the routine business, and he declares that
lt will excel anything that he has ever
prepared.
The entertainment that was given last
Wednesday night by the National Union
Social and Literary Club under the auj
pices of the San Francisco Cabinet wu
another of the social successes that havs
marked ths work of Messrs. Healey
Bunting. Kidd and Hastings, who hav«
had the management of these functions
There was a choice, high-class pro
gramme that pleased the many who at
tended and then there was a first-class
programme of dances.
jSTational "Onion.
The new officers of Hartnasde Chapter
were installed last Tuesday and th« chap
ter degree was conferred on Deputy
Grand Noble Arch J. S. Godeau. This
chapter will celebrate Its silver an_tv«r
sary by a banquet next month.
J. F. Martlnonl, P. N. G. A., and Grand
Marshal C. Gugllelmoni paid an Informal
visit to Concordla Grove, in Stockton, last
week and assisted In Installing the offi
cers. This grove is maXlng great prepara
tions to entertain the grand officers next
Tuesday night on the occasion of the offi
cial \i3it. The other two groves will Join
Concordla Grove on that occasion.
The officers of El Dorado Circle were
publicly installed last week in their hall,
which was prettily decorated with ferns
and flowers. After the ceremony Miss
Fabbrl, the outgoing arch druidess. was
presented a gold emblematic badge of the
order and John Hutton, the district depu
ty, was prepared for a rainy day. being
presented, a silk umbrella. These gifts
of the circle were in token of apprecia
tion of the work of the recipients for tn«
order. This circle now has 109 members
with S1500 to its credit.
At the request of Centerville Grtyre.
Past Noble Grand Arch J. F. Martlnonl
and Grand Secretary Graves visited It
last Monday to Initiate* class of twenty
nve candidates and to confer the second
and third degrees on a number of appli
cants. On» of the initiates was C. K.
Horner. Supervisor-elect of Alameda
County. The degree team of Pleasantoa
Grove, under command of Frank Lewis
P. N. G., A., was In attendance. After
the ceremonies refreshments and & colla
tion -were served.
since the visit of the grand officers last
August. Dr. C. J. Schmidt of Orange*
Grove. Los Angeles, called on the grand
secretary last week and reports the
groves in the southern part of th* Stats
as active.
Duxbury Grove Initiated eight during
the last term and had no suspensions;
Mission Grove at its last held meeting in
itiated one and received two petitions*
Mendocino Grove initiated twelve candi
dates during the held meeting and four
at the previous one. H. F. Michaels, sec
retary of Far West Grove, reports the in
itiation in that grove of eight strangers
On Monday they visited Walhalla and
Sacramento Groves, when two candidates
were Initiated for Walhalla Grove, and
the visitors were guests at a banquet in
their honor at the Palace. The following
day they paid a visit to California and El
Dorado Groves, when two candidates were
Initiated and three elected for California
Grove. Speeches and a supper followed
After that visit Noble Grand Arch
Lange left for Slssons to visit Giordano
Bruno Grove, and from there he was to
proceed to Portland. Or., on an official
visitation to Italia Grove. Grand > Secre
tary Graves parted from the noble grand
arch at Sacramento and proceeded to
Merced to pay a surprise visit to his own
g r°ufi H ? found lt Prospering and that
night It elected a candidate.
Bolano Grove at its last held meeting
was officially visited by Noble Grand
Arch Henry Lange, who was accompanied
by- Grand Secretary Graves, Judge A- J.
Buckles and six members of Benlcla
Grove. Three strangers were admitted
by initiation and the second and third
degrees were conferred. After the closing
of the grove there was served a first-class
supper by the treasurer, of the grove, Paul
Meyer, at the Capitol. There were re
gponses to toasts by the visiting otncialu
and a powerful address on Druldlsm by
Judge Buckles.
Last week the grand officers visited
Acorian Grove and there were joined by
Grand Sentinel Marco Zarlck and mem
bers of Walhalla and Sacramento Groves.
The work was exemplified by the Initia
tion of two strangers. Two propositions
were received. The work of the evening
was followed by a banquet at the San
Marcos.
The Druida.
San Jose Lodge Is about to close a con
tract for new quarters. The lodge wants
to be in the swim.
Spokane Lodge is erecting Its own home
at a cost of many. thousand dollars.
Oakland Lodge, which has an average
attendance of lifty at meetings, is ar
ranging for an Elks' night in the near fu
ture.
The Elks Quartet of Stockton Lodge
will present some novel yet appropriate
music during the memorial service on' the
2d of December. Colonel Gus Grant has
been invited to deliver the memorial ad
dress for Sacramento Lodge, but Stock
ton wants him in its own service, as he
is the esteemed leading knight. Last
Tuesday night the members of Stockton
Lodge received the news of the election
In the lodge, where there were present
visitors from Sacramento and Oakland.
All enjoyed a social session that was
unique in many particulars.
At the last held meeting of San Fran
cifeco Lodge No. 3, Judge Frank J. Mu
rasky, John M. Curtis and Stanley J. Fay
were initiated, and they expressed them
selves as delighted with the ceremonies,
which are dignified and always Impres
sive. Four applications were received.
The membership of this lodge is increas
ing rapidly. It is expected that it will be
40u by the end of the lodge year, April
1, 1901. Judges W. P. Lawlor and Percy
V. Long and A. G. Fisk, elected
Assemblyman, are enthusiastic mem
bers of this lodge. The 1902 committee.
J. O. Reis chairman, is hard at work on
the preliminaries for the Grand Lodge re
ception.
Ihe Pedestrian Annex of San Francisco
Lodge at a recent meeting, at which there
were present fifteen good walkers, over
whom Vice President Phil Bolger presid
ed, it was decided to inaugurate a series
of winter Sunday walks. The first of
these was through the park on the 4th
Inst. There were nine in the party, and
they were accompanied by Dr. A. P.
O'Brien, who looked after them to see
that they did not overexert themselves on
their tramp from Stanyan street on the
main road along the beach and back by
way of Ingleside and the Dewey boule
vard.
The Elks.
of ceremonies was Thomas P. Jarvis. P.
G., and the programmo of entertainment
¦was made up of vocal selections by Miss
Rutherbank, Charles Held and Master
Lorley; recitations, Eva Smith and M.
Keane; sword dance with bagpipe music.
Mabel Smith; violin solo. Violet Johnson,
and specialties by the little Holland sis
ters. The several numbers were of un
usual excellence and were loudly ap
plauded and the performers encored tlrno
and again. There was a liberal supply
of light refreshments and then dancing.
Being a Review of Matters That Are of Interest to Mem
bers of Many Brotherhoods.
FROM THE LODGEROOMS OF FRATERNAL
ORGANIZATION OF SAN FRANCISCO
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,' SUNDAY, NGYEMBBR 18, 1900.
30
• 129 Kearny Street "
Write for our new illustrated catalogue.
We fnention a few excellent values of ladies' under-
wear suitable for winter :
Ladies' superior quality imported swiss ribbed unshrink-
able wool vests in white or natural, short sleeves, all
sizes $1.25 each; long sleeves, all sizes $1.50 each.
Ladies' sanitary natural undyed wool underwear, vests
are high neck and long sleeves, pants are ankle length,
the best garments we ever offered at $1.50 each.
Ladies' unshrinkable wool ribbed union suits, long
sleeves and ankle length, in white or natural color,
prices, $1.25, $1.75, $2.25, a suit.
_|Oc yard
Ladies' Underwear
Closely woven Persian striped tapestry, -50 inches wide
in a handsome variety of colors, suitable for sofa pillows,
couch covers, mantle drapes, portieres and all upholster-
ing purposes, price
Striped Tapestry
White.- ow flake cotton filled bed comforters, good full
size, covered with the best quality of silkoline in hand-
some new designs, price
pl.2^ each
3^d Comforters
We have just received a large and complete assortment
of Java, linen Aida, Penelope and Etamine, scarfs and
squares comprising a great variety of novelties in com-
menced and finished pieces; the designs and colorings are
entirely new and were imported this season for the holiday
trade.
Berlin Canvas
This special cushion top is 20 inches square and made
from good quality of Indian cloth; it comes in a" great
variety of colorings and is of special interest at the price,
2. Oc each
Sapho Cushion Tops
(CFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, at her late
residence at Mission San Jose. Interment I.
O. O. F. Cemetery, Irvlngton.
TYRRELL— In Oakland, November 17. 1900,
Katherlne Gertrude, beloved wife of P. J.
Tyrrell, a native of Flushing, Long Island,
New York, aged 53 years
C~Frlends ar* respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral Tuesday, November 20. at
9 o'clock, from her late residence. 961 Kirk-
ham street, thence to St. Patrick's Church,
where a requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul, commencing at 9:30
o'clock.
VON HADELN— In this city, November 16, 1900,
Henrietta, wife oC the late John von Hadeln.
and mother of Annie and the late Peter J.
von Hadeln. a native of Germany.
IC^Frlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Sunday),
at 2 o'clock, at her late residence, 1603 Powell
street, corner of Green.
WALSH— In this city, November 17, 1900, Annie,
beloved wife of Patrick Walsh, and mother
of Irene and Henry Walsh, a native of County
Kilkenny, Ireland, aged 35 years and 3
months. (New York papers pleas© copy.)
C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 3:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 406 Gough street, thenc* to St. Mary''
Cathedral, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
G~Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully lnvitrd to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the Mission Ma-
sonic Temple. 26SS Mission street, under the
auspices of Mission Lodge No. 169. F. and A.
M. Interment Mount Olivet Cernetery, via
electric funeial car from Twenty-third and
Guerrero streets. Remains at the funeral
parlors of Bunker & Lunt, 26C6 Mission street.
STEYEK— In Mission San Jose, November 16,
1900, Barbara, beloved wife of Charles Steyer,
and sister of Mrs. .Anna Smith, a native ot
Canton Zurich. Switzerland, aged 70 years 10
months and 13 days.
tt~"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
SMITH— In Decoto, Cal., November 15, 1900,
Joseph Grafton Smith, a native of Missouri,
aged G9 years 7 months and 15 days.
{C~Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her parents'
residence, 1319 Montgomery. Interment Holv
Cross Cemetery.
PAPENHAUSEN-In this city. November 15.
1900. Sophia, beloved wife of Fred Papenhau-
een, and mother of Henry, Fred Jr., Lillle,
Sophie and William Papenhausen, a native
of Hanover, Germany, aged 31 years 7 months
an-1 6 days.
fully Invited to attend th« funeral this, day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the Veteran Vol-
unteer Firemen's Association's . Hall. 24
Fourth street, near Market. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery. Remains at the parlors of
the California Undertaking Company, 405
Powell street, near Pest. ••
MEMBERS Veteran Volunteer Firemen's Asso-
ciation will assemble at headquarters thU
day (Sunday), at 1 o'clock, to attend the fu-
neral of our late brother, William Dunn. Per
order STEPHEN BUNNER. President.
J. J. McMAHON. Rec. Bee.
DUNCAN— In this city. November IB, 1900,
Squire Duncan, beloved father of Mrs. Alice
Hucklns, Mrs. Pearl Clarke and Frank and
Louis A. Duncan, and brother of Frank M.
Duncan, a native of Missouri, aged 66 years.
<C»lco paperj please copy.)
[CTRemalns at the parlors of H. F. Suhr _
Co., 1137 Mission street, between Seventh and
Eighth. Notice of funeral hereafter.
FAVA— In Phoenix, Ariz, November 14, 1900,
Amedeo Fava, beloved husband of Elisabeth
Fava, and father of Mrs. Louis Le Clare and
' Albert J. and Lilllen V. Fava. a native of
Lucca. Italy, aged 31 years and 6 months.
\Lf~ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his sister-in-law. Mrs. J. R. Moffat. 1505
Dolores street. Interment New Italian Ceme-
tery, San Mateo County.
FLTNN-In this city. November 17. 1900. Pat-
rick Flynn. beloved husband of the late Cath-
erine Flynn, and father of James. Timothy
and Joseph Flynn, Mrs. E. Lundberg. Mrs.
J. J. Conlon and the late Mrs. B. West, a
native of County Sllgo. Ireland, aged 75 years.
GOLDMAN— In this city, November 16, 1900.
Alfred James Goldman, beloved son of Jo-
- seph and Lucy Goldman, a native of San
Francisco, aged 40 years 1 month and 6 days.
E7"The services this day (Sunday), at 2
o'clock, at 2056 Ellis street. Interment pri-
vate.
BARASZTHT— In this city. November 15. X900.
Arpad Haraazthy father of Mrm. <3eorge D.
Strickland and Carlos Haraszthy 1 of Tahiti.
• and brother of Mrs. Ida Hancock of Los An-
geles, Mrs. M. Flood and Bela Haraszthy of
A rl«>na. a native- of Hungary. '
E~The funeral will take place this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from St. Mary's Ca-
thedral. Interment private. No flowers.
HENSEN— In this city, November 16, 1900, In-
fant daughter of Hens and Ella Hensen. a
native of San Francisco, aged 4 months and
13 daj-a. .
HOOK— In this city. November 17. 1900, Roslna
Florence, heloved wife of Harry Hook/ and
mother of Stewart H.. William W. and the
late Samuel G. Hook, a native of New York
City, aged 50 years 10 months and 25 days.
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1618 Hayes street. Cremation Odd Fel-
lows' Cemetery.
JORGENSEN— In this city. November 16, 1900,
Annie Teresa, beloved infant daughter of John
and the late Annie Jorgensen, a native of
Kan Francisco, aged 3 months.
C~The funeral will take place this day
(Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the residence
of Mrs. Blood, 216 Francisco street. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
LAAVLER — In this city, November 16, 1900,
Thomas H. Lawler, beloved husband of Mar-
garet J. Lawler, and father of Howard J.,
Thomas H.. Joseph B. and Frank C. Lawler.
Mrs. J. M. Verdenal and Mrs. E. Puerari. a
native of Brooklyn, N. Y., aged 64 years.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 11 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. "IS Harrison street, between Third and
Fourth. Interment Cypress JLawn Cemetery,
by "electric car. f
MODESTE— In this city. November 17, 1900,
Helen Flora, dearly beloved daughter of Au-
gust and Helen E. Modeste. and sister of
Augustine, Julia, Louisa, Edward, Charles
and August Modeste and Mrs. E. Bonaclna,
a native of San Francisco, aged 13 years 4
months and S days.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FRUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRl'ITVAliE REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE BY H. A. PLKITNER.
$€00— Cottage of 6 rooms: chlcken-ihoase and
yard; city water: lot WJxlOS; 1 block' from elec-
tric cars.
$650 — Cottage of 1 roome, basement; good brick
foundation; large barn; good well; lot 40x113;
all fenced.
$1050— For sale In East Oakland, cottage of 5
rooms and bath; hleh basement; barn and
chicken-houses; street — ork and cement walks
all complete; large lot; 20-foot alley In rear;
d— I is a bargain.
$107; — Bay-window cottac* of 5 rooms and
bath: T-f<vt basemrnt: grood brick foundation,
etc.; barn: chicken-house: lot COxllB; 1 block
from electric cars; ea*y terms if desired.
f 1100 — Sacrifice ; modern cottage of & rooms
end bath; basfment, etc.; lot 60x146; 1 block
from electric car?: must be Fold: an oppor-
, tunlty worth investigating; $100 cash, balance
fame as rent.
JliW— Modern cottage of 4 rooms and bath:
fiorit porch; "-foot basement; Rood well; fruit
trefs; chicken-houses; lot 100sl25; all fenced;
1 t>l'*ck from electric cars.
$1700 — Chicken ranch of 2 acres; choice fruit
tr**-*: house of 4 rooms; large bam; chicken-
house; pood well; fine location.
Chicken ranch of 2H acres; rood house of 4
larpe rooms: barn: 10 chicken-houses: good
well; wlndmi'l and tank; for rent at $10 per
rr.cr.th; stock and fixtures for eale, consisting
of <r* chickens, large brooder-house, 3 incu-
bptorm. 8 chicken-coops, fencing, etc. For par-
ticulars apply to H. A. PLEITXER, Fnittvale
Station. Cal.
rrU'ITVA—E REAL "ESTATE.
$6T,0 — Nice new 4-room house: lot 60x80; srood
. well on rlaca; payment $8 80 per month.
JS&O— House of 5 rooms; lot 5Cx_0; chicken
houses and rood well; this is a bargain. -
J_00 — New modern house; 6 rooms; large barn;
lot £0x150; «everal fruit trees; tern_ to
suit.
11100— New 4-roota cottnr*: porcelain bath; man-
tel; large lot; one block from station.
$1300 — Lovely E-room cottage; bath; mantel: sta-
tionary wash tub*: if you want a home In
Fruitvale this is an oruortunlty.
If you are looking for a lot see Forest
Park, the beauty-spot of Fruitvale; U
houses built In Fore«t Park elnce April
15. 1900.
PQ0— House KxZO; barn; chicken houses ; good
well; lot 100x146; 1 block from car line;
eacy term*.
THE HOME BUILDIN'O CO.'S OFFICE.
Fruitvale ave., near station.
IRUTVALE FURNISHED HOUSES
COTTAGE of 6 rooms or part of same. Address
MME. DAl'N'ET, Fremont ave.. Fruitvale.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1113 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL. ESTATE.
¦WtXXJAM J. DrNGEE.
8C3 Broadway. Oakland.
On East Fourteenth st. near the Boule-
vard and Lake Merrltt; new, charming
J%-story residence, now in course of !
construction: porcelain bath, electric
wiring, etc. ; plans at office; large euncy
lot.
~_!~
r*00— Beautiful residence lot on Filbert et..
between Twelfth and Fourteenth; 43x125;
a rare chance for home site.
SSOO Each— Two choice residence lots en Sec-
ond ave., bet East Twelfth and East
Fourteenth sts.; sunny side of street;
afljoins fine new residence; very cheap; .
we will build on terms to suit.
%lt 000—1200 feet front of desirable residence
property In Berkeley, the University
town; fine chance for a builder; owner
owes J«6O0 on mortgage and will ex-
change equity for ether real estate,
clear.
BARGAIN. BARGAIN'.
IS— Per front foot— f6.
I'M Teet frontage on East Nineteenth et.. In
Pe:-alta Heights, adjoining fine improvements;
i.g barraia.
WILLIAM J. DINGEE.
K3 Broadway, Oakland.
tKlO— COMFORTABLE HOME— J3500.
Nine-roomed house with large lot. £8x127 feet;
certrally located; handy to local station; choice
residence section; price reduced for a quick
eal?; sunr.y. desirable place. GEO. W. AUS-
Ti:c _ CO.. 1-XiS Broadway. Oakland.
MCOEE.N EASTLAKE COTTAGE.
Jiroo— Sunny home of S rooms, hall, bath, high
basement, bay-window, #>tc: lot 80x110 feet:
walking distance of local train: a big bargain.
GEO. \V. AL'STIN _ CO., lo>« Broadway. Oak-
land.
$2S'iC-STORY end half dwelling of six room?,
just completed; latest plumbing, finish and
architecture; two minutes to S. F. local or
car line*: large lot: terms to responsible buy-
er. BELDKX & COOK. Washington and 14th.
EMOo-COMPLKTED this week; colonial cottage
of e'.x rooms; finish up to date In ever}' de-
tail; NE. corner, 35x100; close In. BELDEN
& COOK. Washington and 14th sts.
t2€C0— CLT from $3250; thoroughly modern home
of six rooms; in unexcelled neighborhood;
r.*sr local trains and car lines; mortgage of
lav* can remain. BELDEN _ COOK, Wash-
ington and I4th cts.
$rrno— ACTUALLY worth $4000.
House, 8 rooms, bath; modern; first -class con-
dition, neighborhood and surroundings; fine lot;
*unny; 2 blocks to broadgauge trains, school,
cars and business center; part ca*h. J. S.
_ YHRg — CO.. ;CC? Broadway. Oakland.
J2;*-O.VLT J300 catb. balance easy; new bun-
galow cottage, 5 rooms, porcelain bath and
the latest in modern ideas; cute and cozy;
r.ear broad gauge; close to oars, schools and
business cfnter: would cost $2*0 to duplicate.
J. S. MYERS, 10U2 Broadway. .Oakland.
•1S00 — SNAP: business corner; store with fix-
ture* complete and 4 fine living rooms; barn
30x100; in populated community; excellent op-
portunity for grocer or baker; terms.
J. S. MTERS. 10C2 Broadway. Oakland.
1200 — FOR tale; a half lnter«**t In a store-
business, manufacturing, supplies, etc.; pays
clear of all expenses from $75 to J100 per
month fcr each partner; you need not put up
a dollar without full investigation. ALDEN'
CO.. 111S Broadway. Oakland.
$1^!O— _*i ACRES good land and One lmprove-
menti>. etc.; 14 hours' drive from Oakland.
ALDEN CO.. 111S Broadway.
GOOD srxwulatloji— Tl'e have some good bank
etock tor rale to close un estate; also 500 shares
of another good stock equally as safe, which
pay* k. divMcnd of 12 per cent per annum,
payable monthly. Full particulars with AL-
DEN CO., 1118 Brcadway.
f20 CASH. J5 monthly: new barn and outhouse:
lot £.$ 13-100x72 41-100x137:6: perfectly level:
»andy loam *oll; view and climate the very
br-Ft; near wide boulevard and fronting on a
good county road; near two electric car lines,
stores end n*v Town Hall; close to a model
school: S5 families located within 2ty years;
Ailenda'e Settlement: the workingman's prop-
erty, adjoining Eatt Oakland ; *>e« this bargain
at on-*; price all told. $SS5: call or send for
circular. 4".5 Seventh ut.. Broadway station,
Oakland; IIEXRT Z. JONES, cwner.
HOTELS for »ale.
LAdrins-hou««i.
Grocer}- etores.
Hardware store.
Drug etore.
Ten good farms for sale: soms for exchange.
Be« E. E. BUXCE for all bargains. 952 BroaJ-
way.
FOR sale in Oakland— By order Hlbernla Bank;
2-story house, double parlors, dining-room and
kttchen: 6 good bedroom*; bathroom; closets;
pantry: lavatorl**: corner; lot £0x125; 1 block
from Telegraph-ave. electric line; only $3000;
easy terms if desired; Just renovated and In
perfect condition.
HERON _ HOLCOMB.
l r <V) Broadway. Oakland.
IN FRUTTVALE. ~ "
New house of S rooms; lot COxlCS; all modern
improvements; electric light and r»s; splen-
did view. A. R. PETERSON. 478 Tenth St.
$700— COTTAGE: 17C5 Union «t.; S rooms; barn;
will trade. 1C* Fourth St.. Oakland.
J4 MONTH buys a new 4-room house and lot
rear FrultvaJe. JACOB HETMAX. 117 Butter.
OAK1.AM) BOUSES TO LET.
OOOO house*. Get Urt from GEO. W. AU3-
TIN it CO.. JOOS Broadway. Oakland.
*
OAKUM) rL'BMTIRE KOR. SALE.
AN Introduction to you rrom II. Scbellhaas. th*
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A FRONT euite of housekeeping rooms; al»o
others, tl M up to iS per week. 21S Kearny
ft.. MRS. E. M. TOBIN.
I'llADY. 44. off Market-2 or 3 furnished or un- ,
furnished roams for housekeeping. - i
CALIFORNIA, "IL block and a half from
Kearny— Clean sunny double »nd single, eult-
able for light hourekeeping; tl a week to f3.
CHESTNUT. 293— Furnished rooms to rent.
housekeeping; <julet neighborhood; fin* view;
*ood bouse; cheap.
215-217 Sutter Street, Above Kearny.
«mJ— At 6 ' 1 L_ ZZa
You should see bur splen-
did collection and assortment
of entirely new lines of hand-
some Portieres. It's a match-
less stock that stands for econ-
omy, excellence, quality and
price. Number of varieties
and beautiful shades makes
selections easy and delightful.
\ - < ,
Tapestry Portieres.. $i 50
Chenille Portieres . . 2 50
Roman Stripes ..... 275
Rope Portieres 2 50
Mercerized and Silk Portieres in the
swellest patterns— $10 to $18 a pair.
Portiere/
SEWING MACHINES ASP SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing loweet rates; open even. 2<g Fourth.
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired; needles and
shuttles; reduced rates. 145 6th; phone Mint »$.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
t(red. Charleg Plpmbeck. 1915 Mission, nr. 16th.
storage: and warehouses.
BKKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1S40: shipping at cut rates.
WILSON BROS., storage and moving; covered
vans. Tenth and Market; phone South 762.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2220 Fillmore St.: phone Jackson 2S1.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for II.
TUEOSOPHICAL.
"THE Inner Meaning of Astrology." by Mrs.
Bell. Wednesday, 8 p. m. 526 Eddy St.; free.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BAR^GXn^niN^T^pTEW^M^ERS^-VYe
sell better machines for less money than any
hcuse in the city: rentals, J3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California: telephone Main 266.
ALWAYS bargains In typewriters: any make.
Writ* for prices to L. & M. ALEXANDER.
110 Montsomery st.
A WEEK'S news for S cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDENH NOTICE-Dlvidend No. 15 (twenty-
flve cents per share) of the Kllauea Sugar
Plantation Company, will be payable at the
office of the company, 327 Market St., on and
after Tuesday, November 20, 1900. Transfer
• books closed Thursday, November 15. 1900, at
S o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 85 (25 cents
per share) of the Hutchlnson Sugar Planta-
tion Company will be payable at the office
of the company. No. 827 Market st.. on and
after Tuesdny, November 20. 1901 Transfer
books will close on Wednesday, November 14,
1900, at i o'clock p. m.
K. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
MAURIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Allan Munro, 34. Seattle, and Phoebe C. Wil-
liamson. 32, city.
, Massimo Landuccl, 25, San Pedro, and Elvira
Spadioni, 16. 1519 Stockton street.
Joseph A. Silverman. 30, 958 Geary street, and
Henrietta Levy. 29, 1522 O'Farrell street.
Ignatius B. Koch. 28. 703 Webster street, and
Marcaret Telfer, 28. 642 Oak street.
Edwin Anderson. 31, 116 Eighth street, and
LIna Nelson, 25, 116 Oak street.
Herman Engel, SI, Oakland, and Freda Mah-
ler. 19. Oakland.
John Ford, 32. Twenty-sixth and Howard
streets, and Delia O'Donoghue. 25, Twenty-sixth
and Howard streets.
Edward T. Belden. 21. 845 Mission street, and
Luclle A. Cronm, 21, 845 Mission street.
William T. Guilbert, 21, 1S31 Stockton street,
and Edith L. Kramer, 17. 110 Eureka street.
Olie . Pedersen, 40, 68 Portola street, and
Rachel Stenersen. 30, 68 Portola street.
Emll I* XV. Blanckenbursr, 26. 2209 Green
street, and Emilie Jehle. 24. 790 McAllister st.
Ernest W. C. F. Schmidt. 86. 620 Folsom
street. - and Maria A. Schmidt. 52. 620 Folsom.
CamiU Andereggen, 28, 420 Third street, and
Veronlka Kampfen, 23, 420 Third street.
Marshall M. Dlggs, 26, Woodland, and Rose
Wlrth. 21, Woodland.
Jake Polinsky 22. 317 Ninth street, and Pearl
Nudelman, 20, 23 Fourteenth street.
John F. Noble. 22. Oakland, and Oilve B.
Waldo, 19, Auburn.
BIRTHS— MARRIA&ES— DEATHS.
BORN.
CALNEN— In Lorln, November 15, 1900, to the
wife of J. J. Calnen. a daughter.
DANIELS— In this city. November 6. 1900. to
the wife of William B. Daniels, a son.
LARRABEE— In this city, November 14, 1900,
to the wife of John Jay Ixirrabee, a daughter.
LEHMAN— In this city. November 16, 1900, to
the wife of Henry Lehman, a son.
LAFEE- In this city. November 17. 1900. to the
wife of Manny Lafee. a son.
MULLER— November 11. 1900, to th© wife of
H. G. Muller, a daughter.
O'CONNELL— In this city. November 10, 1900,
to the wife of M. J. O'Connell. a daughter.
PERKINS— In Sulsun. Cal.. November 14, 1900.
to the wife of Captain C M. Perkins, U. S.
M. C, a son.
SANTISTEBAN-In this city. November 11,
1900. to the wife of G. C. "antlsteban. a son.
6OLLMAXN— In this city, November 8, 1900, to
the wife of Valentine Sollmann (nee Langer),
a son.
STOLTE-In Oakland, to the wife of F. Stolte.
a son.
TUCKER— In this city, November 7, 1900, to
the wife of William Tucker, a daughter.-
WELLMANN— In this city, November 17. 1900,
to the wife of Henry Wellroann. a son.
MABBIED.
GIBSON— SMITH— In this city, November 10,
1W0, by the R«v. Dr. W. K. Guthrie, Dr.
Klchard E. Gibson and Llllas T. Smith.
GUILBERT— KRAMER— In this city. November
17, 1900, by the Rev. J. Fuendellng, William
J. Gullbert and Edith I* Kramer.
HOFFMANN— BERN— In this city. November
14, 1900, by the Rev. J. Fuendellng, Christian
Hoffmann and Mrs. Caroline EJlsabeth Bern,
both of Santa Cruz, Cal.
JUDICE— O'BRIEN— In Santa' Cruz, November
14. 1&00. at the Church of the Holy Cross, by
the Rev. Father McNamee, Joseph Patrick
Judlce of Santa Cruz and Margaret O'Brien
of San FranclECo. i
LOESCH-FISCHER-In this city, November
14, 1900, by the Rev. J. Fuendellng, John
Loesch and Louise Fischer.
McDERMOTT— O'BRIEN— In this' city, Novem-
ber 15, 19C0. by the Rev. Father McAullffe.
Martin A, McDermott and Mamie O'Brien,
both of San Francisco.
MOLDENHAUER-ACKERMAN-In' this city,
November 17. 19C0, at St. Paul's Lutheran
Church, by the Rev. Paul Branke, Emll R.
Moldenhauer and Martha. R. Ackerman.
MONA— RECKENBEIL— In this city, November
14, 1900, by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, John P.
Mcna and Anna C. Reckenbeil.
MUELLER— BACHMANN— In this city, No-
vember 10, 1900. by the Rev. J. Fuendellng,
Ulrlch Mueller and Mrs. Maria Bachmann.
O'CONNOR— DOYLE— In this city, October 24,
1900, at Mission Dolores Church, by the Rev.
Father Conway, James F. O'Connor and M.
Alicia Doyle, both of San Francisco.
RITSCHMULLER— KOESTER— In this city,
November 17, 1900, by the Rev. J. Fuendeling,
John C. Rltschmuller and Anna Koester.
~'~ DIED.
Ahlers. Johanah M. . Hook. Roslna F.
Borland. Grace Jorgensen. Annie T.
Brunner. Albert Lawler, Thomas H.
Chadwick. Nathaniel Modes.te, Helen F.
' Donald. Irvlnsr C. Papenhausen. Sophia
Duncan. Squire Smith. Joseph G.
Dunn. William Steyer, Barbara
Fava, Amedeo Tyrrell. Katherlne O.
Flynn, Patrick Von Jladeln. Henri-
Goldman. Alfred J. etta
Haraszthy, Arpad Walsh, Annie
Hensen (Infant)
AHLERS— In this city, November 15, 1000, at
her residence. 1C06 Guerrero street, near
Twenty-second, Johanah M., beloved wife of
George Ahlers, mother of Estelle, George and
Irene Ahlers. and daughter of William H.
Smith, a native of Boston, Mass., aged 40
years 10 months and 8 days.
ICTTrtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
• Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from St. John's
Episcopal Church, Fifteenth street, near Va-
lencia. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
BORLAND— In Oakland, November 17, 1900,
Grace Borland, a native of California, aged 9
years S months and 10 days.
BRtNNER — In Oakland. November 15, 1900,
Albert Brunner, beloved husband of Fran-
, coise Brunner, father of Angellque and Leon
Brunner, and brother-in-law of Mr. and Mrs.
Martin Kupfer, Mr. and Mrs. Philip Gullllum,
Mr. and Mrs. Eugene Madden and Victor
Etlenne. a native of Rlschelm. Alsace, aged
39 years 9 months and 23 days.
CT" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend th« funeral this day
' (Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. S. Godeau. 305 Montgomery avenue, thence
to Red Men's Hall. 510 Bush street, where
eervlccs will be held under the ausnices of
Gr.lden Gate Stamm No. 74, U. O. R; M.,
comm-nclne at 1:3d o'clock. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
CHADWICK— In this city, November 17. 1900,
Nathaniel G., beloved husband of Johanna
Chadwick, and father of James P. and Fred-
erick Chadwick and Mrs. E. F. McChesney, a
native of New Hampshire, aged 65 years 9
months and 5 days. (Chicago, ill., and Brewer,
Me., papers please copy.)
DONALD— In Ocean View, November 16, 1900,
Irving Craigr, beloved son of Mr. and Mrs.
David Donald, and brother of Frank and Bes-
sie Donald, a native of California, aged 3
years 4 months and 7 days.
t_TFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday).at 3 o'clock, from the residence of
his parents, 133 Victoria street. Interment
Cyrress Lawn Cemetery.
DUNN— In this city. November 14, 1900, Wil-
liam Dunn, beloved son of the late John and
Margaret Dunn, and brother of Lawrence
Cornelius C. Henry L. and Michael Dunn a
native of England, aged 61 years and 11
months. ¦ •' • ' • ¦
CTTrlends and acquaintances are respact-
HENRY J.GALLAGHER CO.,
tSuccessor to Flannagan _ Gallagher)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNEKAI. DIRECTORS AND EMiiALMERS.
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
; ¦ Telephone South SO. , .
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ELLIS. ML near Lerkin— Newly furnished
suite of 2 tunny rcotn«. (13 fe. "
FOLSOM, 7764—2 neatly furnished connecting
rooms for housekeeping, with Btove; reoa'able.
FOLSOM, H10. near Tenth— Two rooms, fur-
nished or unfurnished, yard and cellar; very
cheap.
FOURTH. 225— Nice housekeeping rooms also
single rooms; reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 6»— Apartment or 3
rooms; sunny, running water, gaa stove; rea«.
JACKSON. 924— Two lar*e gunny unfurnished
rooms for. housekeeping, water free; $7.
JOHNSON Houre. 1233 Folsom— Sunny furnUhed
rooms for housekeeping-
JUNIPER. 2. off Folsom, bet. 10th and 11th— 2
unfurnished housekeeping rooms and bath;
rent $5.
MARKET, nr. Manon — Lsrjre room and kit-
chen, folding bed, gran, $10. Call 342 Kearny st.
MCALLISTER, 528— Sunny furnished rooms
complete for housekeeping; sink, range, bath.
laundry; *. t!5: 3. t20.
MISSION. 1125H— Two front rooms for house-
keeping:.
MISSION. 1C04— Front sunny bay-window room;
light housekeeping privileges.
OAK. 119 — I_rge sunny room furnished for
housekeeping; large closet; enameled bed; >S.
PERRY. 174-2 large nicely furnished hoube-
kpgr rms.; hot. told water, bath; reasonable.
SEVENTH, E53— 17; 4 unfurnished housekeeping
rooms; also 2 rooms, $4. Key at 555.
SILVER, 16S. near Fourth— 2 or S room* fur-
nished for housekeeping: cheap.
STOCKTON. 701. cor. California— Two rooms
complete for housekeeping.
TENTH. 13&— Sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms; reasonable.
TURK. 332—2 front rooms for light housekeep-
ing and suitable for dressmaker.
VAN NESS, 402— Entire upper floor, 3 rooms and
bath, elegantly fiynlshed; gas range; sunny.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore St.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109«
Valencia st. ¦
ROOMS TO LKT— Fnrn. and Unfnrn.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 14S Sixth— Rooms 50c
to $1 per night: $1 25 to $5 per week, and light
housekeeping; open all night.
BROADWAY, 635 A— Unfurnished eunny rooms
In suites and single; low rates.
BURNETT. 1416 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rras.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH. 620 (The Elk)— Changed hands; newly
renovated, r.lcely furn. sunny rms., $1 50 to J7
week; 2Se to tl 60 night. MRS. P. RANFT.
BUSH, 1408— Sunny room, with closet, gas and
bath, {6; private family.
CLARA. 141A— Large sunny front room. »1 25
per week.
CLAY. 1026 — 3 large unfurnished rooms In
good order, for housekeeping, J8.
FOLSOM. 565, cor. 6th (The Oliver)— New fur-
nlshed sunny rms., single, suites; reasonable.
FOLSOM, 1136 — 4 large sunny rooms, with bath.
GEARY. 403 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
rms; suites or single; travelers accommodated.
GEARY. 441 — Comfortable room, suitable for
two; sun all day, $7; single room, J6.
GEARY. 658— Furnished sunny "room and bath.
GEARY. 606 — Furnished or unfurnished room;
rent S5 ter month.
GEARY, 813»t— Large eunny furnl«hed or partly
furnished room. f
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts. — Sunny rooms, en suite or
Eingle; ladies' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
HARRISON, 1114— Fine room to rent to gentle-
man by a German lady.
HOWARD, 10C3"4— Front sunny bay-window
rooms, finely furnished; also others; reason-
able.
L.ARKIN, 8C4— Sunny front room, neatly fur-
nished; 1 or 2 persons; gentlemen preferred; $8.
LAS PALMAS. 1820 Market St.— Suite of 2 or 3
rms.; private* bath; sin. rms; board optional.
L.EAVEXWORTH. 617— Single tunny furnished
room to let^ ¦
MAPLE court, 28. off Fourteenth — & sunny
rooms; not and cold water; rent $11.
McCLELLAND. 200 Turk et.— Changed hands;
r.ewly renovated; all rooms facing either
Turk or Jones st. ; rent reasonable.
MCALLISTER, 759 — Furnished eunny front
rooms; reasonable. • ,
MINNA, 63S— 3 newly furnished rooms, 1 large
bay-window; man and wife; 2 others; reas"ab.
MINNA. 667. corner Eighth— New furnished
bay-window room, tl per week; transient.
MISSION. 122L near new poetofflce— Nicely fur-
nished sunny front room, W>.
MISSION. 1514, nr. 11th— Pleasant room near
tr»wn; private family; $1 25 per week.
NEW ARLINGTON, 1015 Market St.— Nicely
furnished rooms, j; a week up; 35c a day up.
____ ____ _
NINTH. 141— Unfurnished suite of rooms.
OCTAVIA. 1403. cor. Geary— Large furnished
bay-window; mantel; eun all day; $11.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator: electric lights; day, wk.. mo.
O'FARRELL, £04 — Front suite; also sunny ¦in-
gle rooms; running water; closets; JS up.
O'FARRELL. 630, corner Hyde— 2 partly fur-
nished eunny front rooms.
POST. 631— To rent, small furnished front room:
neither drink nor smoke In the house; Prot--
? plant Christian preferred; to per month.
ROYAL House. 12$ Ellis St.— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night. 25c to $1 50; week. $2 to
$S; month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
ROSEDALE House, 319 and 321 Ellis St.— Rooms,
night 25c to U. ~*-ek 1125 to 14; open night.
1 SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St..
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
SILVER, 127B. near Third and Harrison— Fur-
nished rooms with gas and bath; reasonable.
SIXTH, 136— Furnished room, sultabl© for gen-
tleraan.
TAY—OH, C15B — Bay-window connecting par-
lors: magnificently furnished; piano; run-
ning water; grate.
TURK, 543— Clean, quiet room for gentleman, $1
per week; private family.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore St.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10&6
Valencia st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United State* or Canada one year for II.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
LAR'iE sunny room, with flr*t-class board,
for gentleman and wife or 2 gentlemen; phone;
bath; references required. 1716 Pacific ave.,
near Van Ne*s.
OCTAVIA. 1537 — Nicely furnished sunny suite;
modern conveniences; board optional: private
family: references. ¦ •'".;•-
SELECT family hotel; new Interior; three »p*-
clat dinners weekly; rates to establish. 807
California st.
"WANTED — Young lady cr gentleman to room
and board; private family; reasonable. 616
Eddy eU : Tr
FINE eunny rooms with board; use parlor,
piano, phone. 850 Van Ness ave.
PACIFIC ave.. 1716. near Van Ness— Table
board, without room.
BOARD and rooms at 415 First st., near Har-
rison.
ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED— Well-furnished sunny front room
by married couple; out all day; must be be-
tween Hyde. Powell, Golden Gate ave. an-1
Pine tt.; state price. Address box 2S7. Call.
A YOTTNG couple desire 2 cr 3 furnished house-
kef-ping rooms; west of Jones; state terms.
Address bos: JOB. Call.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
LADIES — Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best; safe, reliable: take no ether;
send 4c stamps for particulars; "Relief , for
Ladies" In letter by return mall; at> drug-
gists. Chichester Chemical Co.. Philadel., Pa.
PILES— PETER FREILING'S pile salve. $1 per
bcz; warranted to cure all cases of bleeding.
Itching, external. Internal or protruding
piles without fall, no matter of how long
standing. 1628 , Devlsadero St., near Sutter.
BAD tenants ejected for J4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO.,
415 Montgomery St., rooms 9-10; tel, 6580. .
WANTED— Refined ladles and gents to study
a new school of medicine. ' Box 32S, Call.
ROOMS papered from $2 GO; whitened,- $1 up;
palntinr done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 Third.
SLOT MACHINES.
BOUGHT and sold; new and second-hand; large
, display; very cheap. UC7 Market, bet. 7th ft 8th.
ADVERTISEMENTS.New York Grain and Produce
LOCAL MARKETS.
v", WOOL— Quiet: Domestio fle«c«, 25027o.
• PIOIROX— Quiet; Northern. 150!16c; Southern
»13 6W15 50.
COPPER— Dull: brokers*. 17c
LEAD- Dull; brokers', 4c
HOPS— Quiet; State, common to choice, 1000
crop, 16@2OV4c; 1899 crop, ll@15o; old, 2®6o:'Pa
cific Coast, 1900 crop, 15gT19c; 1899 crop, 10(314c
eld. 2e8c.
COFFEE— Sppt— Rio, easy; No. 7 Invoice. 7%c:
mild, quiet; Cordova, 9V4@13Mc Futures closed
steady with prices net G®15 points lower. Total
Balen, 37.000 bags, Including: December, $6 BO:
March. V» 6Cg6 65: May, $6 70@6 75; July, $6 SO©
6 85; Bertember. $6 85®6 90.
SUGAR— Raw,.' firm; fair refining, 3T4c bid:
Centrifugal, 96 test, 4*4o bid; molavses sugar,
8%c; refined,' steady; No. 6. RWc; No. 7,. 4.95c;
No. 8, 4.85c: No. 9. 4.75c: No. 10, -4.70c;' No 11
4.65c: No.. 12, 4.60o: No. 13. 4.60c; No. 14. 4.55c;
standard. 6.40o; confectioners' A, 3.40c; mold A,
S.SBo; cutjoaf," 6.00c; crushed. .6.00c; powdered
5.70c; granulated, B.Mc; cubes. 6.75c. .1
BUTTER— Receipts, .2803 packages; firm.
Creameries, 19927c; June creamery, lSB^ic; fac
tory, 18<5l5Hc "
" EGGS— Receipts, - 439$ packages; steady.
KBW YORK, Not. 17.-FLOTJR-R«celpts,
18,S15 bbU;. exports, 13,660. bbls. Bales, 6200
packages. Market was barely steady and un
changed. Winter patents, $S 60#J 90; winter
straights, J3 40©3 65; Minnesota patents, |3 90®
4 25; winters, J2 60^2 90; Minnesota bakers, J3
03 25; winter low graded, $3 4.V./2 60.
. WHEAT— Receipts £.5,750 bushels; sales. J
810.000 bushels futures and 40,000 bushels spot;
spot, eaay; No. 2 red, 78V«o f. o. b, afloat; No. 3
red, 76©76Hc elevator; No. 1 Northern Duluth,
83%o t. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Duluth, 87lio
afloat. Options opened steady on cables and
in sympathy with the Northwest markets, after
which they receded. before European selling arid
threatened bearish statistics on Monday, closed
weak at %a decline. Sales Included: No. 2 red
March, 80V4®S&?ic closed 80%e: May, 80®TO%o.
closed 80e; 'November, 76%c; December, 77%O
7?¥ t c. cloeel 77Ho.
•HIDES— Firm; California. Zl to 25 pounds
28ttc.'
Exchange and Bullion.
Wheat and Other- Grains.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — $4 82
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 gi*«
Sterling Cables .'..... — 4 86%
New York Exchange, sight — 714
New York Exchange, talegraphlo — : 10
Fine Silver, per ounce.... — ., 64K
Mexican Dollars, nominal BOft Q ti
WHEAT— Liverpool, Paris and New York
continued to 1 decline. Chicago was somewhat
Bteadler,' but quiet,- cables betng unresponsive.
Liquidation on ' the latter market has been
gevere during the past week. Stocks at Minne
apolis increased over 950,000 bushelj during the
week. : ' \ - '
The local market' wa« quiet and not mate
rially changed.- ' *
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 87V4e; Milling, $1©
1 02V& P« ctl.
CALL BOARD . SALE3.
Inf ormal ' Session— 9 :15 ' o'clock— May— S000 etls.
»1.03%; 6000, U 03%. December— 2000, 97%c.
yew TORK. Kor. 17.— Testenlay' s definite
reeumption of etrength in the eecuritles mar
ket and the evidence of large ana aggressive
buying for investment had an Influence upon
rpeculatlve 6entiment to-day that the most san
rulne could tcaroely have foreseen. .Such spec
ulative excitement as that witnessed at the
cpentaff has been rarely seen in the history
of the Stock Exchange. The brokers had orders
to buy in large amounts without any price
limit apparently. Such orders were eheer reck-*
leseseu In a market where stocks are as
ttroccly held aa at prese&t and the sensational
advance* which resulted vert almost Instan
taneously lost. The urg«Dcy of the bidding
sare color to the supposition that a large short
Interest was In process of closing out by forc
ing th» baying-. Ther* has been more or Jess
short •elling at intervals ever slnc« the elec
tion and uncovered bear accounts were in a
perilous »tate. The general advance of a large
fraction and running up to over a point wai
Imposed, but In a few individual stocks the
rise wu aensatlonaL Consolidated Gas was
told for 201 at the same time that it was eell
lnff for m. and Tennessee Coal cold at 7* to
77^ rising afterward to 414 points over laet
night. General Eleetrlo Jumped five points,
which Is less than IU average daily rise for
•evtral days. This speculative excessive quick
ly troucht its penalty in the eager selling pres
sure Induced by tho«e high prices and the re
lape* was bo violent a* to awaken uneasiness.
The relapse carried prices back to within a
fraction of last«jtfght and In some conspicuous
c&ces, notably Pennsylvania, prices fell below.
But after the appearance of the favorable bank
statement buylcjr was renewed with confidence
aad prices were lifted again, in some cases to
the beet, making the cloelr* active and strong.
No special ir.flu.ence could be assigned as to the
cause of th« large demand, the movement being
based «vldenUy on confidence In the compre
hensive nature of eoneiUons making for pros
perity and large earnings In all branches of
business and inductry. There has been consSd
erxible abatement this week In the Inordinate
•peculation la stocks, with the condition last
week to extend to reckless extremes and to run
the money market Into a squeeze by putting
too raucU money into speculative holdings. of
ctocks.
Belling to r*cur* profits by the more cautious
and lncreaelnx boldness in the bear attacks
on the market at last caused a reaction. This
forced out some cf the weak eneculatlve ac
counts, which made the market topheavy and
discouraged the headlong rush of outsiders to
buy. The class of (peculators whom nothing
attracts but a. sensational upward surge of
prices have -t>een much less in evidence this
¦week, but it has become evident that a third
body cf buyers have .b^n waiting for the re
c/?Mon in prices to come into the market, con
fident in the intrinsic value of securitiea and
the soundness of the Industrial and financial
outlook, but fearful that ovrr-speculatlon was
lcSatinr the prices of etocks and endangering
the stability of values.
The market has thus found active support at
the decline and baa retrained its equilibrium.
The fact tfcat no registration or exact record Is
New York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Bcuthern Californiar-Occasional showers Sun
c>>; light soutLerly winds, changln*' to west
erly.
Nevada— Light rain or snow, cooler 6nnday.
Utaii — Rain, cooler Bunday. with enow in the
mountains.
Arizona— Showers Banday.
San Francisco aad %1clnlty— Occasional show
ers Puafiay; lirht southerly, changing to fresh
westerly, wlnfls.
ALEXANDER O. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
Cooler wreather. with showers. 1s likely to
prevail on Sunday throughout California and
Forecaft rjuis at Pan Francisco for thirty
bcurs «nfl!ng miflntght, Ncn-etnber IS. 1900:
Northern California— Ehowen. cooler Sunday:
light southerly, chacgrlng to fresh westerly.
minds.
1 he Krr.perature. has fallen 19 degrees or
rtore over the northern portion of the Pacific
C'<ast. It has also fallen rapidly in Arizona
and TTtah.
Rain has fallen over the entire country west
of the Rocky Mountains. At Los Angeles a
r*1nfall of 1.06 Inches is reported. A thunder
etorm Is reported at Fait LAke City.
Ran Francesco Aala: Miilmiim temperature.
t> minimum, E2: mean. &S.
The etorm continues over ths Northern Pa
cific Coast, the pressure along tns Washington.
cc**t to-r.ight be'.ng but slightly higher than
or; the pi |eding Right. The area of high
pressure o cv Montana tnl the Britlch Posses
sions to the north is apparently moving very
slowly eastward. Baow is falling along the
northern boundary sjid temperatures near the
freezing point are reported from the Straits
of Fuca.
PORTLAND. Nov. 17.— Wheat steady, with
more liberal offerings. Walla Walla. 64c; blue-
Cleared— British ship Leicester Castle, for
Queenstown. with 117.699 bushels wheat.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Nov. 17.— Wheat unchanged. Blue-
Stem. 66%o; club, 63Hc^ ¦•
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND. Or., Nov. 17.— Clearings, $292,
762; balances. 133,006. .
WHEAT— Spot, steady; No. 2 Western win
ter 6s; No. 1 Northern spring, 6s 4V4d; No. 1
California, 6s 3>£d. Futures— Quiet; December,
Ss lOd; March, 6s %d.
CORN— Spot, quiet; American mixed new, 8a
ll%d. Futures— Quiet; November, 3s U&d; De
cember. 3b UV4<J: January, 3s 8%d.
FLOUR— St. Louis fancy winter, steady,
"hOPS— At London, Pacific Coast, steady, £1
6s® £8 6s. t , '_ _.
Portland's Business. :
CLOSING.
LONDON. Nov. 17.— Copsols, 98 f-18; 811ver,
29 ll-16d; French rentes, lOOf 65c; wheat car
goes on passage, easier and neglected.
LIVERPOOL, Nov. 17.— Wheat, quiet; No. 1
Standard California, 6s 2H@«s S'4d; wheat in
Paris, quiet; flour In Paris, quiet; weather In
COTTON— Upland's, 5%d.
Foreign Markets.
NEW YORK, Nov. V.— The cotton market
opened easy, 6^8 points lower under active
general selling. The weakness was caused
mainly by an unexpected bearish turn of af
fairs abroad. The response by our market to
the news from Liverpool was an Indifferent
one and Foon after the call prices crept up
ward on Investment buying and abatement 1 in
the liquidation. The market closed firm, with
prices 2©11 points higher.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Nov.. 17. — Exports of gold and
silver from this port to all countries for this
week aggregated $00,057 In sliver bars and coin
and $10,100 gold. The imports of specie were
$9320 cold and $S9.361 Filver.
The imports of dry roods 'and merchandise
were valued at $3,611,630.
Exports and Imports.
CHICAGO, Nov. 17. — CATTLE — Receipts. 400.
Steady; natives, good to prime steers, $5 40@
5 85- poor to' medium. $4 4S@5 SO: selected feed
ers $3 45ig3 S5; mixed storkers. $2 2504 35; cows.
t2 7W4 25; heifers. $2 7.5<@4 75: canners, $1 500
2 65: Dulls. $2 25(g4 50; calves. $«>g5 75; TPxas f«l
ptners, $4@5; ' erassers, $3 33@4 15; bulls, {2 50
@3 35. i - '
HOGS— Receipts to-day. 29.000; Monday. 37,O0<\
estimated: left over, 4W. Ten cents lower; top,
$3; mixed butchers, $4 6504 07%: good to choice,
heavy. $4 S04f5; rough heavy, $4 fiC/f/l 75; light,
S4 70^4 97 I ,j : bulk of sales, $4 Sn<S?4 92'j.
SHEEP — Receipts, "f.00. . Choice, steady; oth
ers, slow; lamb*, weak to shade lower. Good
to choice wethers, $4^4 25; fair to choice mixed,
$3 75^P4CS; Western sheep, $4{?4 23: Texas sh^ep,
$2COtf?4; native lambs, $4 60^5 25; Western
lambs, $5®5 25. „ ' . .
Chicago Livestock Market.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— I>eo. Feb. Mar.
Opening ." • £, 10 !f •— • Y*
Closing ! 5 10T, 6 U
PARIS.
¦^Vheat— Nov. Mar. -June.
Opening 1» 9S 2160
Cloflng 20 05 21 65
Flour-
Opening ™ 25 90 27 60
Closing ;•••••• 2< °° V 7
GRAND HOTEL.
II Manning, S Jose j Bakersfleld
JK Carlisle & fy, Saeto I J Vandervler. Stktn
J E Woodward. NT G S Melone. Stockton
T McKeom. VacaviUe Mrs T "W Heintzelmas.
T Gilbert. Cal Sacramento ,
J E Colton. Martinez A Macnorvich & w,
B T Colton. Elk Grove M«nlo Park
Dr A J Totrncer. Cal H It Raniett. Sacto
W Molr. San Jose ,'F Thomas & w. Denver
II Wrlrht. Oakland I J Craig. Highland Spg»
C Van King, Cal E J Mason. Seattle
H K Wallace. Sacto S W Kllpatrick Ullro:/
C T Rumsden. England A P Dickson. Aria
C Huber. Cal J La Blanc. Fresno
\V R Bacon. Los Ang H Simons. Iowa Hill
R B Bertley. Los Ang S K Man. Mok Hill
F L Reed. Reedley J W Gaskill. Sacto
B Thomas, Delano G A Hamilton. Sacto
E O C Ord, USA F IT Hubbard. Carmel
W H Caps. Kan City E II Clarke. Boston
J E Casii. Kan City |O B Baer. Cloverdale
J F 8ch!!nsman & w. iMlss E Lenhardt. N IT
Mill Valley IDrEM Porter, Napa
Heten 8 Pope, FolsomlA L Tibbetts, Petalmii
R E Cranston & w.CaljW F Price. SU Rosa
O E Smith. Portland A B Lennon, 8 Rosa
Mrs'E M Porter. Napa'Mm Shannon. Vlsalla
R M Strauss, Mexico S M Browne St w. Utall
It Brady. Portland J -r isaldwln. Mont
BesS McMlnn. S Rosa Mrs Baldwin. Mont -
J F McMlnn. S Rosa H H Stevenson. WoodJI
W N Sastabrook, N T B A Towne. Sacto
J W Klelb. Ind F Schmidt. Tacoma
S S Hall. Sacto J H Baldwin. Mont
t> H Bain. Sacto |G Reynolds. Cal
G R Peckham & fy. i
PALACE HOTEL.
M J Collins, Chicago A Stelnman. Bt Louts
H J Armstrong. Chlcag R C Kirkwood A w.Cal
F Trevelyn & w, N T S Hamburger. Clnn
Mrs M Jacob. Taeoma A S AnaMe, Mo
Mrs M Mark*. Stocktn Miss Doyley, Sn Jose
W B Armarid. Alamed Miss E Doyley. S Jo*t
A Jones, Chicago H Drukker. NT - -
C I^vlgne. Paris E C Voorhles. Cal
L II LtttleflelcT R I J R Patton A w, Cal
A H Bayley. Chicago T Flint. San Juan
H H Sweeney, P» Mr» O S Nixon. Ner
8 Mullaly. New York W M Petrte, Sacto
L F Cobiern, Treka L A Coymord. Mo
W E Mitchell. Ceylon Mrs L L Baker. Cal
R S Buchanan A w. Ill H R Baker. Cal
A Kavanauyh. U S A W K H Foster, Oak!ll
T A Lewis. Los An? Miss Shearer. Oakland
Mrs C Warren, Chlcag Dr Hlrkmoth, Haywdi
W A Thompiscn & w, J W Mlnturn. Sharon
Butte Dr J G Bailey. S And
H Sheldon. England H laws & w. StanfDl
A L George. Lo* Ang J Evans. Cal
J A Ervln. NT ¦ F W Stephenson. Oalt
E W Penfleld. J* T E Crevatin. Yokohama
G E Hera. Oxnard J F Kllby, Cleveland
G W Lloyd, Randsbrg 1 R S Root. Denver
A P Morrison. NT R W Root. Denver
SW Smith. Lrwi Ang E P Bevaoa. Melbouni
ra Oootsey. Menlo " F P McColl. *T T.
Miss Cootsey. Menlo 'J L Bourd. N T
A B Cohen. St Joseph P G Gow & w, Cal
NEW WESTERN HOTEL-
W Campbell. Chicago IC Clemment. L "Anr
J C Murdock, St Louis J G Merle. Pacto
P H Newberry. Ohio • C Loflano. Mexico
H Johnson. St Louis O L Sues. Mexico
J. Carroll. Merced C E Lozano. Ion© Cltf
A Gross, Boston B M Lozano. Ion« City
H B Fleming. Chicago A Comer. St Louis
A Lane. Chicago :B Sylvester. 8 Rosa
Miss Lane. Chicago O- R Thomas. Little Rk
T Wilde, Los An* P Armstrong. Atlanta.
Miss L Terry. Atlanta
HOTJ^Li ABBIVALa
Bay Co P Co. 103%, — Oak Water 6s.lO«iJ —
Cai-st Cab 5»..H>»» — Oceanic SS 6s.llO»illl
C C Water 5s.. 107%* — Om C Ry 6»..12S l»»i
Ed L & P «s.isnvs — Pac ii Imp 4s.lua —
,F & Ct Ry 6s. — — p & Cl Ry Ss.lOtf -
Geary-st R 5s. — — P & O R R fis.lloH —
U C * A o4s. — — Powell-st R 6s. — —
Do 53 100% — Sac E G&R Ss. 99% —
L A R 5s 10SHUO S F b SJV Ss. 119^120
L, A I.t Co Us. — x<hi S K of Cal oa. — tu
Do gntd 6s.. — — 8 P of A 6I..113U —
L A gntd &S..100 102 S P ofC6s(190S)
L A P R R os.Wl'i — (Series A)....10$H —
Market-st CsV.UMi — Do (Series B)U0V» —
Do 1st M 5s..lWil20Vi Do (1306) 112 —
N C N <i H .h.UO U4 Do (1312) 120 —
N R Of Cal 6s.lHU — S P R 1st g Ss.l'W 108
Do 5s HSVi — S P R 6s 131 —
N P C R R 6s.l01 — • S V Water «s..n3»;H4H
Do Ss " 10S — Do 4s 10-J'i —
N Cal Ry 6s. ..113%— Do 3d mtge..l03 102%
Oak •: L, i H.'li' — Stktn Uaa «a..l*> —
Oak Tran 6s.»U6»i —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Co«ta.. 70% 71% Spring- Valley. 93* 9t
Marln County. 61% —
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent L & P Co 4 6 Pac L O> — 44%
Equtt C L, Co. 3*i Z% Sac E GAR Co 34 17
Mutual El Co. — 10 SFOt E.... iO M>4
O G L & H.... 494 SO Ban Francisco. — i
Pac Gas Imp.. 50?; SI Stkn G&E Co — 14
" INSURANCE 8TOCKS.
Flrem's Fund.23« 230 /
.BANK STOCK8.
Anglo-Cal Ltd. 69 - First Natlonl.3* WO
Bank of Cal... — — Lon P & A. ...133 —
Cal S D A T..104%105% Merchants' Ex II II
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L-... — 1909 Sav ft L. So.. — U
Hum S & L.. — — See Sav B«.. — —
Mut Sav Bk... 59 — Union T Co.. — —
S T Sav U....815 —
STREET RAILROAD STOCK3.
California 124 — O 8 L & H JS —
Geary-st 43 — Presidio — 21
Market-st 68U —
POWDER STOCKS.
California .... — l«0 Vlgorlt 1% 1%
Giant Con Co.. S3 83%
SUGAR STOCKS. " * ."
Hana 8 P Co.. SVi 8% Kllauea S Co. 20T4 —
Haw C & 8 Co 84 85 Makawell S Co 41»i 42>4
Honokaa S Co. 30% — Onomea S Co. 29 29U
Hutch S P Co. 25«4 26U Paauhau S Co. 31 «%
. , MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Al Pack Assn.l24%12S Pac A F A.... 2?4 —
Cal Fruit Asn.104 103 Pac C Bor Co — 152
Mer Ex Assn.. 97 100 Par Paint Co. 11% —
Oceanio S Co.. — 9> '...;>. >
Morning Session.
Board—
B California Safe Deposit 105 00
105 Hana Plantation Co S 16
MISCELLANEOUS BOND6.
Bid. Ask. B1d.A»k.
4s quar coup.. 115' ills 4s do cp (new). 137 137\
4s do reg 115 l «H* Is do coup....i094U0Vj
UNITED STATES BONDS.
SATURDAY, Not. 17— U m.
THE STOCK MARKET
Local stocks and bonds were fairly active
for Saturday, but prices stood about the same.
There were free sales of Gas and Electrto at
$50-251.
The oil stocks were also active, with large
sales of Petroleum Center at llgnc
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
E. O. Schmiedell (owner), with M. C. Lyn^!»
(contractor), architect John White— All work
for a tiro-story basement and attic resident*
on XE corner of Washington and Stel.-vr
streets. E 47. N 102:8>«. W 47. thence S to b^
ginning; total. S12.5C0.
-William Ede Company (owners), with Gray
Bros, (contractors), architect Albert Fair — Cor :
cret« floor, archea, tie rods, lire proofing of
beams, etc.. for a four-story brick warehou«F.
factory and business premises on W corner ct
Minna and First streets. SW 150. XW W, NE
75. SB 33. NE 73. SS 43: total. S6700.
Builders' Contracts.
EAN FRANCISCO. Nov. 17— « p. m.
The fallowisg are the seasonal rainfalls to
Cat*, as ccn:pexe4 with these of the same date
last season, a-\d rainfall In the last twenty
feer hours:
C2<Kh Meridian— Paclflo Time.)
Weather Report.
The local back clearings for the past week
were ;2S.S?S.$1S, against l25.S£«,&7t for the sain*
week last year.
Local Bank Clearings.
ment, and ther» is every reason to expect a
oootlRuation of the activity that started in
•v»«n before the result of the election was real
ly kr.own. Currants, especially cleaned, are
In very gr>ed demand from the trade, and the
currant market locks decidedly better. There
is * particularly good demand for short-weight
packages of cleaned currants, this being due
t" the desfr* nf procers t" have la Mock goods
That win retail at Mo. Seeded raisins also are
in exoell^r.t <!eir.an<i and trade In these goods
¦was of quite large proportions. California
loose raisin* are Quiet and unsettled. Imported
cow Valencia layers are >4c lower. Recent
arrivals c>f these irno<J» have b«*n heavy. There
if a better feeling in prunes on the spot, and
o'jt*[<Je goodJ ere becoming Increasingly hard
to g»t at better than full association prices.
Orrcri ItaJian prunes. 30-40s. are going out
feirly weil at full prices. Apricots are selling
tr.ore freely. Fancy are firmer in sympathy
¦with the coast market, where roods of this
<! <?f <*r!{ tlon are reported practically cleaned up.
Arpl^f are firm and moderately active on Fpot.
: , ¦ - nr.d f.rs are selling quite well. Nuts are
going out v^ry well."
'•Trade last week showed marked Improve-
Drthd Fruit in New York.
Ma".! ajflvlree *rom New Tork say:
made of transactions on the Stock Exchange,
except by the partlea immediately concerned,
gives the opportunity for unwarranted state
ments rec&rdlng the proportions of the mar
ket. On Monday of this week the total sales
w*r» 1.64S.O0O shares, according to the most re
liable estimates, but for the week ending Tues
day evening conservative estimates show that
more shares were sold than in any previous
period in the history of the exchange. The
total amounted to 7,694,951 shares. For the
we«k ending January 27, \m. the aggregate
sales were 7.432.S&5 shares. As for bond sales,
the total has not reached $6,000,000 par value on
any day since the election, while the record
stands ax about 111,000.000 par value. As for
the record of sustained period of activity, the
tales of stocks were constantly over a million
shares a day in January, 1899. During the
same period the bond sales were between thirty
and forty million dollars a week par value.
An almost equally bull market was that of
April, 1899, when the hordes of new industrial
securities were, offered on the market. It will
thus b« seen that the speculation has hardly
attained the unbridled character of some former
periods. The memory of the results following
the epecul&tlon of 1S99 in industrials has not
been without influence this week in Wall
street An apprehension grew up in the street
after the collapse of the industrial boom in
1899 that those properties as a class would
have to go through an experience similar to
that of railroed companies following the ex
cesses of capitalization and stock Jobbing of
the construction era. The list of American
railways that have been in bankruptcy and re
organization is a long one. The- standards es
tablished consequently of publicity and In
formation regarding expenses, revenues and
fitianoes of railroad companies and the light
given to purchasers of the stock and lenders
of money on the securities, make a strong con
trast to the information allowed to the public
regarding the great industrial combinations.
This in many cases is confined to bare state
ments of net earnings. The effect upan'publio
confidence is evident from the low prites In tlie
market of many of the industri.-^ stocks on
which good dividends are paid and for which
tufflcient earnings ore reported to continue
dl\-idends. The general knowledge "of revival
of business activity and frood demand at nd
vandng prices for the product of the Indus
trial combines have dissipated some of the
distrust felt toward them. The absence, as a
rule, of heavy fixed -charges to be met before
earnings are available for dividends on stocks
of industrials, however, meet some objections
to them.
The prospect of new war loans in England
snd Germany affected our money market early
In the week, but with the belief that the Iseuo
of the loans would be deferred until early next
year. tb« influence paseed and the money mar
ket became easier, thus contributing to the re
turning strength in the stock market.
.The bond market has conlnued active and
btf>ad, but the principal buying has bwj of
bofcds of speculative value or with contingent
interest payments.
1'nited States 8s and Es declined %. the re
furdtnir 2s *>» and the old *« % per cent below
the call prices of a week ago. The new 4s ad
vanced \i jx*r cent.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Sold. Stocks — ' Hid.
40.200 Atchison 3.SH
4?.:<>0 Atchisnn prefd R2"i '
10,200 Baltimore & Ohio M 3 -; I
300 Canadian Pacific a\
2'.>0 Canada Southern 67*J J
8.4flO Chesapeake & Ohio 33*i I
2ftO Chicago Great Western 137*4
12,600 Chicago Burlington & Quincy 138
8fK) Chicago Ind & Louisville 244
Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd 67'i
400 Chicago & Eastern Illinois 99<i
>8,300 Chicago & Northwestern... 168
€.300 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific US 1 -*
2,100 CCC&Et Ixmls 67>i
4,300 Colorado Southern 7
Colorado Southern 1st prefd 41
Colorado Southern 2d prefd 17
1,200 Delaware & Hudson UT,i
200 Delaware Lack & Western 1S2<4
800 Denver & Rio Grande 22>-i
J.900 r>enver & Rio Grande preTd "5H
400 Erie 13\4
4,600 Erie 1st prefd ; 88%
1,900 Great Northern prefd.... 173^4
100 Hocking Coal 17
1.000 Hocking Valley 89T4
I.9O0 Illinois Central 124%
400 Iowa Central 2Q*i
800 Iowa Central prefd 47^
LRke Erie & Western 36
I.*ke Erie A Western prefd 107V4
Lake Shore 210>i
6,000 Ixtulevllle & Nashville SlH
13,700 Manhattan L HIT,
E.WO Metropolitan Street Railway 170
8/0 Mexican Central 13%
600 Minneapolis & St Louis 64Vi
400 Minneapolis & St Louis prefd. 102
4.700 Missouri Pacific 61
200 Mobile & Ohio 40*4,
400 Missouri* Kansas & Texas 11%
7.200 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd.... 3SV4
1,000 New Jersey Central 144*£
l«.400 New York Central 139vi
«,»OO Norfolk & Western 43H
1.000 Norfolk & Western prefd S2
2S.S0O Northern Pacific 66*4
&.OC0 Northern Pacific prefd , SOty
J.600 Ontario & Western 25%
Oregon Railway & Nav , 42
Oregon Railway & Nav prefd..; 78
1S.900 Pennsylvania 143H
0,000 Reading ; 20
29,630 Reading 1st prefd 63%
900 Reading 2d prefd Sl'i
Rio Grande Western 65
100 Rio Grande 'Western prefd 91
1.900 St Louis & San Fran l£i£
100 St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 72
6,900 St Louis & Ban Fran 2d prefd 44^4
1.200 Pt I^ruis Southwestern 14>%
6.200 fit Ixmis Southwestern prefd 35«i
10,100 .St Paul l2»*i
100 Et Paul prefd 174%
2,200 St Paul & Omaha 126
68,760 Southern Pacific 42*4
6,000 Southern Railway u%
11,800 Southern Railway prefd 6Z%
1,900 Texas & Paclflo 19Vi
49,100 Union Paclflo-.: in%
6,900 Union Paciflo prefd _ ti
700 Wabash •••• \.. 6V4
1,600 Wabiwh prefd 21ft
1 E00 Wheeling & Lake Brie 11
8,900 Wheeling & Lake Erie prefd 29X4
....... Wisconsin Central ltH
Third Avenu* 112
Express Companies—
Adams I..135
100 American 163
100 United States 4«
Wells Fargo ;...1M
Miscellaneous— .•*'
1.500 American Cotton Oil Mfc
American Cotton Oil prefd »0
400 American Malting -. 4%
...... American Malting prefd 23«4
10.BOO American Smelting * Refining 63>A
200 American Smelting & Refln\ng pfd. 97%
American Spirits 1VJ
American Spirits prefd 17
2,400 American Steel Hoop .............. S3
400 American Steel Hooi> prefd 78
2G €00 American Steel *.Wir» 48*4
*'»00 American Rteel & Wlr« preM 87%
r600 American Tin Plate 43
100 American Tin Plate prefd 87
r«00 American Tobacco U0>4
.. American Tobacco rrefd 133
"i'lioo Anaconda Mining Co 51%
13 e^ Brooklyn Rapid Transit 70%
. 4 SOO Colorado Fuel & Iron 61H
8 300 Continental Tobacco 36H
•ftOO Continental Tobacco prefd 92%
18 300 Federal Ste«l h0%
3 POO Federal Steel prefd ;, 76H
4.fti» General Electric .105 •
600 Oluco«« Sugar t't&
...... Glucos* Sugar prefd 102
ino - International 'Paper. :... 24%
400 International Paper prefd.. 73V4
1R9 Lacled*~Gas '. 72
1.000 National Bioeuit pr»fd*. 89JJ4
r* National Biscuit prefd 94
100 National Lead 21
......." ' National Lead prefd - 86
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Bank clearings lose slightly during the week.
Silver and Sterling Exchange slightly higher.
Wheat and Barley dull at previous prices.
Oats, Corn and Rye unchanged.
Hay dull and weak under free receipts and the rain.
Feedstuff s stand as before.
Grain Bags firmer for future delivery.
Potatoes, Onions and m Vegetables about the same.
Beans in much lighter receipt, but unchanged.
Butter weak and in free supply. Cheese unchanged.
Eggs moving off rather better.
Game firmer. Two cars of Eastern Poultry for to-morrozv.
Grapes and Cranberries higher.
Previsions zveaker on the Chicago market.
Advance in Hides cliccked for the moment.
Nothing new in Wool and Hops.
Meat market as prei'imisly quoted.
Naval Oranges lower.
Paris White and Whiting higher.
Atchlson. 89%: Canadian Paolflo, 91?,; Union
Paclfls prefd, 83T4; Northern Pacific prefd, 82%:
Grand Trunk, 6%: Anaconda, 10%. Bar silver
steady. 19 U-16d per ounce. Money, 3% per
cent. . . ,
Money was easier, but this Is probably only a
temporary condition. The bank lost £140 000 In
gold to Roumania. The price of ban and eatrles
was the same aa last week.
NEW YORK. Nov. 17.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram eays: The
markets here were fairly active for Saturday,
the enthusiasm for Americans apparently in
fecting the other sections. Americans were
simply rampant on . big buying, both by the
Continent and London, the letter, however, be
ing mainly of a professional character. Union
Pacific issues were the great features and sev
eral others were extensively purchased in sig
nificant quarters. There was good buying
also of Northern Paclflo Issues. It was thought
that dealings In the street would be continued
until 6 p. m., though the house closed at 1-30
p. m. .
London Market-
WASHINGTON, Nov. H.-To-day's state
ment of the Treasury balances In the general
fund. : exclusive of the J150.000.000 gold reserve
In the division of redemption, shows: Avail
able cash balances, $136,970,311; gold, $92,456,?14.
Condition of the Treasury.
At the beginning of the revival in stock ex-
Change activity during January, 1899, the same
peculiarity in the loan Item was shown, al
though in a period of three or four wet-ks fol
lowing loans moved up over $30,000,000. At that
time the explanation now often used, namely,
the heavy volume of investment buying, was
advanced. It is probable that the loan and
cash fluctuations will within the next few
months Bhow some interesting phasrs, but a
continued heavy Increase In surplus reserve
would appear to be an anomaly in the face of
prevailing conditions. The deposits of the
banks rose $8,678,300 last week, as a result of
thft changes already noted, and this added to
the 12,144,675 for legal reserve requirements, ex
plains why the increase in surplus was not bo
large as the gain in cash. The money market
has not been affected to any extent by the re
vival in business since election. The circula
tion of the banks In New York has for the
moment reached Its maximum, decreases In
the total having been shown over the ' last
two weeks.
NEW YORK, Nov. 17.— The Financier says:
The New York clearing house made an un
expectedly good showing for the week ending
November 17, cash Increases having surpassed
all expectations. The gain footed up $5,253,200,
divided almost equally between legal tenders
an 1 specie. The Increase was due for the
most part to operations with the Treasury, al
though it Is known that New York gained ap
preciably during the week from the interior.
Then, too, a portion of belated gold imports
HKured In the reserve Item. With this strong
condition as a basis the banks were able to
stand the swelling of their other totals with
out trouble, and as the expansion in loans
was aleo under all previous calculations, they
cloced the week with $3,003, 725 added to their
excess reserve, bringing the total to $7,663,775.
The slowness with which the loans of the banks
respond to the enormous stock exchange ex
pansion noted since November 7 Is a rather
puzzling feature and one that Is variously ex
plained. It is quite probable that there has
been liquidation which docs not show in the
statement except to minimize the Influence of
th« new business being done.
New York Money Market.
100 Standard Rope & Twine 6
13.J00 Sugar 132%
100 Sugar prefd 116
19,400 Tennessee Coal & Iron 78^4
8.SO0 United States Leather 15%
1.800 United States Leather prefd 77^
2.100 United States Rubber 86%
2^0 United States Rubber prefd 95
4.900 Western Union 85
5,500 Republic Iron & Steel Co 17T»
2.900 Republic Iron & Steel Co CS'i
P C C& St L 65
S2O.300 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U 8 ref 2s reg 1044 ]N T C lsts 1M>4
Do coupon 104 H N J C gen 6s 126
U S 8s reg 109iilN Pacific 3s 70
r>> 8s coup 1O9V»! r>o 4s 1O4V4
Do new 4s reg... 137 |N Y C & St L 43..10G*i
Do new 4s coup.. 137 N & W con in 99\
Do old 4s reg....ll5HOr Navlsts 109
Do old 4s coup...ll5U! Do 4s 103U
Do 6s reg 112^'Or Short Line 6s. .123
Do Es coup H29i r>o con Es 114
Dist of Col 3.65s.. .124V Reading gen 4s.... 83%
Atchlson gen 4s. ..101% R G W lsts 99«i
Df> adj 4s 84% St L & I M con 6s.lll'i
Canada So *ds 10SV» St L & S F gtn 6s.l!6
Chea & O 4V4s 101 St Paul cons ...173
Do 6s 118 BtPC&P lsts... 11874
Chi & N con 7s. ...139 Do Bs 120%
Do S F deb 6s. ..119 8 Pacific 4s 83*1
Chicago Term 4s... 934 S Railway 6s 112%
Colorado So 4s ?3% Stand R & T 6s... 73
D & R G 4s 100 Tex & Pac 1st*... .118
Erie «ren 4s... 74H Do 2ds 82
F W & D C lsts.. 77U U Paclno 4s 106H
Gen Electric 6s....l37>4 Wabash lsts 116?»
Iowa Cent lsts 116H Po 2d» iO4Vfe
L & N unl4s 99»i West Shore 4s 114>,4
M K & T 2ds 71«i Wise Cent lsts 87ii
Do 4s 94»i Va Centuries 91
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar OSiOntarlo < 25
! Crown Point 10 Ophir 70
I Con Cal & Va 1 10 Plymouth 10
Deadwood 5 55 Quicksilver 1 25
Gould & Curry .... 95| do prefd 7 00
Hale & Norcrosa... 22 Sierra Nevada .... S3
Homestake 60 CO Union Con 11
Iron Silver ......... 70 Yellow Jacket 22
Mexican 23 Brunswick 10
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Rubber 8«T»
Call loans Z@\ Union Paclflo .' 70ft
Tlma loans 4®5 West End ...» 92
Stocks— Westingh Eleo .... S2
Atchit-rm 3S% Bonds —
do prefd S2*i Atchlson 4s 100',i
Am SuRar ...132»»'N E G & Coke 6s.. 68V3
do prefd 117 I Mining shares-
Bell Telephone ....154Vi Adventure 6H
Boston & Albany.. 249 Allouez Mln Co .. 2%
Boston Elevated... 157 Amalg Copper .... %%
Boston & Maine 194 Atlantic 262
C B & Q.: 137% Boston & Mont. ...320
Dom Coal 41<4 Butte & Boston ... 74
do prefd ...113 Calumet & Hecla..S25
Fed Steel 60% Centennial 20%
do prefd 76ri!FrankHn 16
Fitchburg prefd ...13S Humboldt 60
Gen Elec 165 Osceola 78<i
do prefd , 141 Parrot 50*i
Ed Elec IU 213 Qumcy 160
Mex Cent 13Ts Santa Fe Copper... 8
Mich Telephone ... 85 Tamarack 28S
N E G & Coke.... 16H Utah Mining, 35V4
Old Colony 202 "Wlnona 4 ¦
Old I>ominion 29% 'Wolverines 46
t.000 National Steel 3914
200 National Steel prefd „ 82
900 New York Air Brake ..153
1.400 North American 18*i
500 Pacific Coast 6S»i
...... Pacific Coast 1st prefd S3
Pacific Coast 2d prefd .." 67
1.200 Pacific Mail 45
M.400 People's Gas .'....lOlVi
1.600 Pressed Steel Car 64»i
Pressed Steel Car prefd 86
100 Pullman Palace Car 191
SATURDAY. Nov. 17—13 m.
Bid. Ask. I Bid Ask.
Alpha 02 OJljustlc* 02 to
Alta 01 02|Kentuck 02 01
Andes C4 05 Lady Wash — OS
Belcher 20 22 Mexican 2S K
Best & Belcher 20 X Occidental 0« •¦*
Bullion 03 04 Ophir 7? ?0
Caledonia 40 41 Overman ....... 07 M
Chollar 10 13 Potosl :... » W
Challenge Con.. II 15|5av.ag» 14 1«
Confldence 55 «0 Scorpion — 04
Con Cal « Va.l 20 1 n Ses Belcher 04 '*
Con Imperial... — 02' Sierra Nevada. 37 ,<<
Con New York. 01 — iSllver Hill 49 al
Eureka Con — tilst Louis 11 —
Crown Point... 09 lliStandard S 2*> —
Exchequer — 02, Syndicate 07 —
Gould & Curry. 9? WTnlon Con 14 15
Hale * Norcrs. 23 *« Ctah «>7 OH
Julia 01 03 Yellow Jacket.. 23 23
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
7C0 Best & Belcher 22 13O> Mexican t*
200 Best & Belcher 231 3M Ophir 82
400 Challenge Con.. 13 300 Ophlr 8^
6<M Chollar 11 ICO Ophlr SI
600 Coo C & V..1 274 700 Savage IS
sno Con C & V 1 2»i 200 Sierra Nevada. 42
200 Con C &. V..1 22Vi 200 Sierra Nevada. i»
250 Gould & Curry.l 15 6C<) Silver HU1 5u
2C0 Mexican 27
Morning Session
Followinf were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
*COBest'& Belcher 231 ICO Mmcican 9
300 Con Cal £ Va..l 3" 1 m f>phir »4
2C0 Con Cal & Va..l r,| 3W Potosl 19
40D Gould & Curry. 1 13 5CO Savage IS
50 Hale & Norcrs 2S! 100 Sierra Nevada. 40
500 Mexican Zii 100 Silver Hill 3<>
Following were the tales In tha San Francisco
Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
MINING £TOCK3.
Street "
103 Twenty-eight ....: I 47^i
50 Twenty-eight 2 50
3WX> Petroleum Center 11
li Uanford 1 10
Morning Session.
Board—
200 California-Standard 23
1C0O California-Standard 14
10 Ilanford , 1 ljii
50 Kern Oil Co g 75
1000 Kern Oil Co ; ) 00
1C-0 Monarch of Arizona 33
5<xi Petroleum Center li
37.*0 Petroleum Center 11
1W> San Joaquin Oil & Development s tr»i
40 San Joaquin Oil & Development S 30
150 Twenty-eight , z 45
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCILVNGE.
10 Hawaiian Cbm'l & Sugar Hi »V»
ID Hawaiian Com'l & Su?ar s't iO
1J Hawaiian tTom'l & SURar. cash S4 5*
5."i> Honokaa Sugar Co 3D 75
7"> Paauhau S P Co .-....' 31 flrt
3 Pacific Gas Improvement-..^ Si) 75
$"XC0 Sacramento Elec Gas & Ry is..'.....V<> 00
. 20 S K Gas & Electric Co 50 2*
«• S V Gas A Klectrtc Co 50 U*i
S60 S F Gas & Electric Co i M o«»
3 S F Gas & Electric Co 51 m
K^O S F Gaslight t «;<i
$l".(iriO SPiSJV Bonds 113 7".
1 Spring Valley Water 01 00
Street
«» California Safe Deposit 1P3 «0
*/00 Oakland Gas Bonds H'J »0
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks .... 9.023J
Flour, ar sks ... 20,323 Pelts. Mis J40
Wheat, ctls 8,325 Hides, no 34«
Barley, ctls 5,560 Broomcorn. bdls.. 13fl
Oats, ctls ........ 300 Sugar, sks 420
Corn, ctls 1.070 Sugar, bbls 420
Cheese, ctls 27 Eggs, doz 9,120
Butter, ctls 12« Lime, bbls 455
Tallow, ctls 2OS Powder, car* 2
Beans, eks L903 Quicksilver, flsks 1«1
Potatoes, bJcs .... 2.942 Leather, rolls ... 100
Onions, sks 323 Raisins, bxs l.y>0
Beans, sks 150 Brandy, gals .... 3 000
Middlings, sks ... 385|\Vlne. gals 79.150
Shorts, sks 22 1 Hay. tons 4iJ
NOVEMBER 17.
FOR SATURDAY,
Receipts of Produce.
PARIS WHITE AND WHITINO— Prices ar*
higher, as follows: Paris White, in barrels,
ton lots and over, $1 80 per 100 lbs; Paris
White, less quantities, $1 40; Commercial Whlt
lnjr. In barrels, SI 05; Spanish Whiting. SI 10:
Gliders' Whiting;. SI 25.
* RICE— Chin* mixed, $4 25@4 30; No. L $4 70^
4 85; extra, $5(05 60; Japanese, Jl 9595 60; Louis
iana, $i@7; Hawaiian. $4 75 per ctl.
SALMON— Round lots are quoted as follows:
Alaska red. SI 20; medium do. $1 10; pink. 83c:
Columbia River. Chinook. $1 "0 for tails and
$1 8T. for flats: barreled Salmon. $10 for Alaska
barrels and $5 50 for half-barrels.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. in 100-lb bags:
Crushed. «.15c; Powdered. B.75c; Candy Gran
ulated. 5.75c; Dry Granulated. 5.65c; Confec
tioner^ A, 6.65c; Magnolia A, 5.23c; Extra C,
6.1Jc; Golden C. 6.05c; barrels. lOo more; half
barrels, 25c more; boxes, 50c more; 50-lb bags,
10c more. No orders taken for less than 75
barrels or Its equivalent. Domlnos, half-bar
rel*, 8.40c: boxes. 6.65c per lb.
COAL— Wellington, $9 per ton: Southfleld
Wellington, S9; Seattle, $7; Bryant. $7; Cocs
Bay. S3 50; Wallsend. $9; Co-operative Walls
end. $9; Cumberland, $12 In bulk and $13 23 in
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Can
nel, $12 per ton; Coke. $13 per ton in bulk and
$18 In sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions,
S8 45 per 2000 lbs and M 30 per ton. according
to brand.
BAGS— Calcuttas ' ars firmer for future de
livery. San Quentln Bags, $5(3: Calcutta
Grain Bags. June and - July. <%c; Wool
Bugs. 2SVte*iV4c; Fleece Twine. Trie: Fruu
Bags, 6Yj<tii\c for white and SKQS^o for
bleached Jute.
General MercMndise.
Prices for all descriptions remain unchanged.
BEEF— 6#7c for Steers and 5®5%c per lb for
Cows. $
VEAL— Large 7gSc; small. 8H5J9o per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7V463C; ewes, 7S7Hc per
pound. • ' '
LAMB— 8©9c per lb.
PORK-*Llre Hogs, 5%c for small and 5Hc for
medium and 6%85%c for large; stock Hogs and
feeders. IQiVtC; dressed Hogs. "U08Hc
San Francisco Meat Market.
WOOL— Spring clip Is quotable as follows:
Northern, free, l.VfjlBe; Northern, defective. 129
14c: Middle County, free. nni*5c; Middle County,
defective, KSHc: Southern Mountain, U
months*. 9®10c; Southern Mountain, free, 7
months'. HUl-c: Southern Mountain, defective,
7 months'. S^llc: liumboldt and Mendocino, 1»
O17c: Nevada. 13614c per lb.
Fall Clip— San Joaquin. 6'/j1?Sc: do lambs'. 8
Middle County. 9@10c; Northern Mountain.
free, lOtJllc: Southern Mountain. 74S8Vic;
Humbcldt and Mendocino. 12613c per lb.
HOPS— 11HS15C per lb.
abcut lc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers,. 10c: medium. 9c; light. 8%«9c; Cow
hld«s, 8H©9o: Stags, 6Hc: Salted Kip. 9Hc:
Salted Veal. 9Hc: Salted Calf. 10c: Dry Hides.
16c; culls. 14c; Dry Kip, 18c: Dry Calf. 16®17c;
culls and brands.- 14c; She*p«krns. sh?artings fc
laSZOc each: short Wool. 30S50c each; medium,
60®S5c: long Wool. 75c#ll each; Horse Hides,
rait, $2 50 for large and $2 for medium, SI 30
for small and Me for colts; Horse Hides, dry.
$1 75 for large, $1 fO for medium, $1 25 for small
and 25900c for colts. Deerskins— Summer or red
rklns, 35c: fall or medium skln», 30c. winter or
thin skins. 17H920c. Goatskins— Prime An
goras. 75c: large and smooth, 50c; medium, lie.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4JJ4V4C per lb; No.
2. 3V*e; gresse. 2@2Hc.
' The ! advance in ; Hides seems vt» be checked
for th«* moment.^TH«r«'« i*' n ?. thln * ne . w . In
W6ol'and"HopS.^"**.T;- c '"*', — -' ~ ¦""-'¦ '*.'"'.
- HIDES AND . 8raNS-7-Culls - and brands » sell
Hides, Tdllow, Wool and Hops.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, -lOHOllc per lb for
heavy. 12c for light medium. 18c for light. 14c
for extra light and 15c for sugar-cured; East
ern sugar-cure* Hams. llH@12c; Mess Beef.
S12 60 per barrel: extra Mesa. $13 60; Family.
$13 50; extra Prime Pork, Sit; extra clear. $19 50;
Mess. $16; Smoked Beef. 13c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at «%c per lb for com
pound and 9c for pure; half-barrels, pure. 9j4c;
10-lb tins, 9«4c: 5-lb tins. 9T4c.
COTTOLENE— One-half -barrel.. t\c: ¦¦ three
half-barrels, one tierce. 8V4c; two tierces,
8c; 1 five. tierces, 7%o per lb.
Provisions wen weaker on the Chicago mar
ket, ; with commission bouses selling. "There
was no change her*. ¦ , . .
Provisions.
The market for air descriptions continues
flat a-nd dull at unchanged quotations.
FRUITS— Prunes. Santa. «~jaras, 4 sizes, 8c;
40-Ws, 7c; 50-eOs. 6%c; 80-70e,.8%c; 70-80s, 8«c;
Jo-Ms 2%c; »0-100s,-2«4c; 100s and over 2c; ru
bles \lc premium; Sonomas, He and San Joa
oulc's «.c lesa than' Santa Claras, except 100s
and o'ver,. which stand the lame. Apricots. 6©
8c for rfoyals and 10@HUc for Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples. 5«6c; sun-dried. 3H©4Hc;
Peaches 4V-®5c for standard, BtfSCjfor choice
and 7©7%c'for fancy; Pears, 2(9?c; Plums,
pitted. 5ig6Hc; unpltted. 1®1V4c; Nectarines. 69
6Hc for red and 5%®6c for white.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following- prices for the
season of 1900: Bleached Thompson's fancy) 12c
per lb; choice, lie: standard. 8Xc; prime, 8c;
Tjnbleached Thompson's 9c per, lb, Sultanas-
Fancy lOHc per lb; choice, »Ho; standard. 8%c;
prime 8c; unbleached Sultanaa. . 8c 5 Seedless,
tO-lb boxes, 6V4c; 2-crown loos© Muscatels, «c;
2-crown, 6Hc; 4-crown. 7e; London Layers. 1
crown. $1 60. per. box; S-crown. $160; Fancy
Clusters $2; Dehesa. $2 50; Imperial. $3. All
prices f. o. b. at common shipping points In
NUTS-^Chestnuts. «©7o per lb; Walnuts, No.
1 softshell, lie: Na 2, 8c: No. I hardshell. 10c;
No 2. 74c; Almonds, 12®13e for papershell.
9®ilc for softshell: PeanuU. 6@6c for East
ern: Brazil Nuts. 13c: Filberts. 13c; Pecans. 11
CF13c; Coeoanuts, S3 6095. .«¦'..
HONEY— Comb. 18%©14Hc for bright and UH
613c for light amber; water white, extracted.
71408c; light amber, extracted, 7©Tttc; dark,
t<B-*>'ie per lb. •
BEESWAX -24«2«o per lb.
APPLES— 23@60c per box for common and
G".rfj$l for good to choice: Spltxenberg*. 60c©$l:
Oregon Ppitzenoeres. $1 25.
PEARS— Winter Nells, «5c®Sl 25; Cooking
Pears 23iff50c per box.
PERSIMMONS— 50©75c per box.
CRANBERRIES— Cape Cod. $10 50@ll per
barrel: Coos Bay. $2 25@2 60 per box.
STRAWBERRIES-$2 50©4 per chest for large
and »7©9 for small berries.
RASPBERRIES-$5t7 per chest.
GRAPES— 65@75c per small box and 90c©$ 29
Pe ciTRUS FRUITS— Navel Orange*. $150@2 75;
Seedlings, " Sl@l 75; Tangerines. SI 25®1 50:
Lemons 25cCT$l 25 for common and SI 50@2 50
for Tood to choice; Grape Fruit, $2@3; Mexican
I lmes $4@4 50; California Limes. 25@35c; Ba
™ |i 75ff8 60 per bunch; Pineapples, $2®
3 50 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
DECIDUOUS FKUllfc—
Cranberries to arrive are held at $U, though
they can be bought on the spot for $10 50.
Grapes have again ' advanced; owing to light
receipts and the rain.
Lemons and Limes are In good supply at un
changed quotations.
Navel Oranges are lower.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Storage goods— 21®22c.
CHEESE— New. HV4@12c: Old, 10©lle; Toung
America. 12@12Hc; Eastern. 18 ! .a^l4c; Western.
U<i?13c per lb.
EGGS— Btore, 20@22%c; ranch, 27V4@SOc for
fair and 31^34c per dozen for good to choice;
Eastern, 18<g27c.
There is no change In Butter and Cheese.
Stocks of 'the former continue liberal.
BUTTER- / •
Creamery— Faicy Creamery. 2lg22c; seconds,
20c. V
Dairy— Fancy. 20c: good to choice, 1S819c:
common, 17®17V4c.
Creamery tub— 20@22Hc per lb.
Pickled roll— 19@21c.
• Flrkln-18<&19c.
Some dealers report Eggs better cleaned up
and moving off more briskly. • Prices, however,
stand about the same.' . ' . ,
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Two oars of Eastern Poultry are announced !
for to-morrow. The market is . weak, receipts
from the East during* the past six days toot
ing ud 10 cars.
Receipts of Game were light and the mar
ket vias higher.
POULTRY— Hve Turkeys. 13®14o for Oob
biers and 13@14c for Hens; Dressed Turkeys,
14@17c; Geese, per pair, U 75@2; Gosling!*,
$1 75®2; Ducks, S3(?4 for old and $3 W55 for
young; Hens. (3 50K4 50; Young Roosters,
$4; Old Roosters, S3 5084: Fryers. S3 25(33 50;
Broilers. $3 25®3 50 for large ana ?3(g3 25 for
small; Pigeons, SI per dozen for old and SI 5O#
1 75 for Squabs.
GAME— Quail, U 2531 50 for Valley and W3
2 25 for Mountain; Mallard, $406; Canvasback,
S4ip7; Sprig, HQZ 50; Teal. $2 50«3; Widgeon.
$1 75; Small Duck, SI 25<$1 50; Gray Geese, *3@
3 60; "White Geese, $1 25®1 BO; Brant, »1 S0(g2
for^mall and $2@2 60 for larce; English Snipe.
Jl 50; Jack Snipe, »1£1 25; Hare. SI 25; Rab
bits. $1 2501 50 for cottontail and SI for brush;
Doves, CO«f«Sc per dozen.
Poultry and Game.
Onlone are steady i at tha good prices. Po
tatoes show no change. f
Vegetables are firm aa a rule, with moderate
supplies.
POTATOES— River Reds. 70®S0c; Burbanks.
2S@60c for River and 85c®$l 15 per ctl for
Salinas and 60©90c for Oregon: Sweets, 85<g60c
for River and 75«JS5c for Merced.
ONIONS— U 25f 1 40 per ctl; Pickle Onions', 40
©50c per sack. . ; • ¦
VEGETABLES— Green Pea», 2-JT5O per lb;
PirlnK Beana, 2fi i 5e: Umas, Sf:5c per lb;
Cabbage, Me; Tomatoes, 25@65c; Egs Plant,
40@75o per. box; Green Peppers/ 25@5Oc p«r box
for Chill and 40<g5Oc for Bell; Dried Peppers.
lOfl 15c; Carrots, 25@35c per sack; Summer
Squash. $1 25 per box for Ix>a Angreles; Cucum
bers. E0(5C0c for Alameda; Garlic. 4S-5c per lb;
Marrowfat Squash, t'fflO per ton.
J __ _ - ¦
Receipts of Beans have, been light during the
past week, and prices have remained the same
during this period. Seeds stand as before.
BEANS— Bayos, S2 65@2 80; Small White. S3 90
@4; Large White. $2 90® 3 15; rink. SI 805J2; Red.
$2 75@3; Blackeye. *3@3 15: Lima, $5 20© 5 30;
Pea, $3 SMW4 10; Red Kidneys, S3 50<g3 75.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, {2 25Q2 40; Canary,
3*£c per lb for California and 4c for Eastern;
Alfalfa. 91?9l4c: Rape. 2H@3c; Hemp. 4<g>4Hc;
Timothy. 4®4Hc. <
DRIED PEAS— NUes, $2®2 50; Green. S2 25©
2 75 per ctl; Blackeye, $2@2 60.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Beans and Seeds.
Ample receipts and the general rain keep
the Hay market' weak, though there is no de
cline. Feedstuffa stand the same.
BRAN— $14615 SO per ton.
MIDDLINGS— 116 50@19 SO per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley. S13 50ifl« 60
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $25026; Job
bing, S26 50; Cocoanut Cake,. *17@1S; Corn Meal.
S26&Z7; Cracked Corn, $26 50® 27 50; Mixed Feed,
S15@l«.
HAY — Volunteer. I5®S: Wheat. $11© 13 50:
Wheat and Oat. J10@12 50; Oat. $9'<m 50;
Clover, $5®7; Alfalfa. SS 50®? 50: Barley. *7©
9 per ¦ ton.
8TRAW-^«5©45c per bale.
Hay, and Feedstuff s.
.. FLOUR— California Family Extras. / S3 609
3 75, usual .terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 40©3 50;
Oregon and Washington. $2 75@3 10 per bbl for
family and S3 lot) 3 50 for bakers' ; Eastern.
S4 75Q5 75 per bbl. /
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to i the trade: Graham
Flour, S3 per '100 lbs: Rye Flour, $3 75; Rye
Meal, $-'50; Rice Flour, S7; Corn Meal. S3 75:
extra cream do, $3 50; Oat Groats, |4 50; Hom
iny, S3 50@3 75; Buckwheat Flour. *4®4 23;
Cracked Wheat. S3 50; Farina. $4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour. S3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels); $«<&
7 2fi; In sacks. S3 76@7; Pearl Barley. S3; Split
Peas, S5; Green Peas, S3 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and ; Millstuffs.
CALI, BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sale*.
(second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session— December— 4000
ctls, 73Uc.
OATS— Continue quiet at unchanged \prlces.
Stocks are llzht.
White, Jl 3u@l 474; Surprise. Jl 45@1 53; Red.
SI 15371 25 for feed and $1 23®1 37ft for seed;
Gray, $1 25® 1 33; Black, for feed. Jl 1JV4G1 20;
for seed, $1 20Jf 1 30 per ctl.
CORN-Eastern Yellow, $1 22*4: White. $1 22*4;
Eastern mixed, $1 20©l !SH per ctl. :;-i
RYE-9O©S2V4c per ctl. « . ¦
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 75©2 per ctL
Second Session— May— 2000 ctls. tl 04; 10.000.
$1 04U; 10,000. ti oih. , . , .
Regular Morning > Session— May— 8000 ctls,
J104U. December-2000, 97%c: 6000. 97!4o; 2000,
98c. ,-••¦¦;
• BARLEY— The market was dull and nominal
at the decline. ¦ , ¦
Feed. 7Bc for choice bright. 72%S"3*ic for No.
1 and 67%@70c for off grades; Brewing and
Shipping grades, 80@83c; Chevalier, nominal.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 1900.
Western regular packing at * mark, 21^25c;
Western, Iocs off, 27c.
DRIED FRUITS. '.'
The market for evaporated apples ruled rath
.er. quiet but ,steady_at unchanged. prices. State
common was quoted at 4Q3c; prime, 4 l 5i<g3',ic;
choice, 5!x<g6c; fancy, 6@6M;C.
California dried fruits were inactive. Prunes
were nominally quoted from 3Hc to S%c.
APRICOTS— Royal. ll-J?14c; Moorpark, 15W16c.
PEACHES— Peeled. 16@20c; unpeeled, 6<ff9o.
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO. Nov. 17.— Wheat was moderately
active and maintained Ita recently acquired
reputation for making a -new low price record
every day. . The pit was a little better than
hAlf occupied by discouraged bulls and confi
dent bears, whose operations drove prices a bit
deeper In the mud. December opened USSic to
a shads higher at 71 R «1«~13*c. shorts covering
moderately, because cables did not In any way
reflect the decline therein. The bulge met no
support of any magnitude and consequently the
market dropped heavily to 7O*i@70?4c. Shorts
had sold with such complete abandonment to
their belief In heavy stocks and a slack demand
I that rumors that additional mills would reopen
at Minneapolis, owing to- a better demand for
flour, sent them to cover. Under buying of this
sort December rallied sharply to 71»gc. There
was plenty of the cereal for Bale on the ad
vance, and a reaction followed, December clos
ing weak, Me under yesterday, at 71©714c
Corn was quiet and steady. . Offerings were
liberal at the start, but. were .well taken by
local bulls and later the supply and demand
was nicely balanced In the pit. December
closed unchanged at 35V4sg35%c.
The market for oats was firm. December
closed %c higher at 21%<S22c.
Provisions were again easier, .with the earns
exception In favor of November ribs which wu
noticeable yesterday. The price for this commo
dity at the close was $7 62%, 42»,4c over the pre
vious close. Futures were depressed by a lib
eral run of hogs and a -drop in prices at the
stock yards. January pork closed lOo under
yesterday, lard Bo down and ribs 7*ic down.
The leading futures ranged as follows :
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 8—
"November TIM 7Ui 7OT4 71
December 71% 71H 70% 71V&
January , 7214 72% 71H 71%
Corn No. t—
November .' 89*i 33% 89V4 SSI*
December 35*4, 35Va • 85\i 85%
May 36 36'4 35T» 36Vs
Oats No. 8—
November 21«4 21% 21% 21%
December 22 22 21% 22
May 23'i . 24 23% 24
Mess Pork, per bbl—
November 10 45 10 45 10 30 10 45
January 1160 1165 1160- 11 60
May 1160 U 62H 11 62^ 11 62«4
• Lard, ner 100 lbs—
November 7 15 T 15 7 10 7 10
December 6 93 6 95 6 90 6 82^
January 6 K 6 $74 6 80 6 S5»
May..... 6 S7'4 6 87^ « 85 6 87»4
Phort Ribs. t>er 100 lbs—
November • __/....' 7 62»A
January 6 25 6 27^ 6 15 6 22Va
May 6 25 6 25 6 20 6 25
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, dull;
winter patents, J3 70*83 90; straights. $3 10@3 80;
clears. 12 90@3 40: spring specials, 14 30; patents.
?3 5(Vf3 70; EtraightP, $3^3 45: bakers', J2 20<gs
J 75: No. 3 spring wheat. 643"2 1 ,4c; No. 2 red,
72??73y>c: No. 2 corn, 33%@40c; No. 2 yellow, 40c;
No. 2 oats, 22Uc; No. 2 white. 25V4ft26c; No. 3
white. 24 | A<3'259ie: fair to choice .malting barley,
66@.60o; No. 1 flax seed, fl 65; No. 1 Northwest
ern $1 66: prime timothy seed. 14 10(?4 20; mess
pork per bbl. flO 50@10 S2'4; lard, per 100 lbs,
$7 15@7D0: short-rib sides (loose). $7 30@7 Co;
dry salted shouMers (boxed), 5H1ri>%c: short
clear sides (boxed), $S S5(§6 93; whisky, basts of
high wines, tl 27; Sugars, cut loaf, unchanged;
clover, contract grade, $10.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels J4.000 . 9,000
Wheat, bushels 121.000 120.000
Corn, bushels ....258.000 424.COO
Oats, bushels 181,000 47,000
Rye, bushels 2,000 20.000
Barley, bushels 78,000 8,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was active; creameries, 15JT26O; dairies,
12H'g22c. Cheese, active, 10@11^4c Eggs, quiet;
fresh, 22c
Foreign Futures.
31
ADVEB.TISEUENTS.
TUU niMT V PRIVATE LEASED V7IRE
JL riL* . KJiyL* I ON THE COAST BetWecn
San Francisco, Chicago and New York. & & &
1
BONDS, PROVISIONS,
STOCKS, COTTON,
GRAIN. :; . . COFFEE.
Bofton,deRuuterSCo.,
133 Californ : a Street.
MEMBERS—
6. P. Stock and Bond Exchange, C-'^'-i. C^^^^ir-^.^
6. F. Produce Exchange. f\?[\\ \V?iW?W?[\
Chicago Board of Trade. vJClll I lUllU'aUUi
CONTINUOUS MARKET QUOTATIONS.
. Connectloa With the Firm of
F\ C.LOG AN, Chicago and New York,
. New York Stock Exchange, Chicago Stock Exchange,
'• MEMBERS < New York and New Orleans Cotton Exchanges,
/ Chicago Board of Trade, New York Coffee Exchange. • -
AUCTION SALES
EMIL COH.N, AUCTIOMEEB.
Will sell TO-MORROW (MONDAI). Nov. 19.
at IV o'clock a. m.. at IIS Powell st... !»» ver>-
stylish ladies' trimmed hats of very latest win-
ter styles; very costly: ail must be sold regard-
less of cost; you can inspect to-day. - •
i:MII. CUHN. Auctioneer.dressed at the Receiving Hospital.
Miss Wilton, who is a woman 40 years
of a£re, was arrested and taken to the
City Prison. She says Sanderson had.
been constantly abusing his wifo becaus.©
she would not give him money to gamble
with, and Friday night he beat her se
verely. Miss Wilton sayB she- interfered
to protect her and Sanderson turned and
struck her. She blew a police whistle, but
no one answered. Mrs. Sanderson came
to her room and she advised her tb keep
away from her husband, as he might kill
her. Mrs. Sanderson did so, and when
Sanderson met his Vlfe yesterday morn-
Ing he at once commenced to beat her.
"I heard her screams," said Miss Wil
ton, "and when I opened my door the
poor woman fell In front of It. I de
nounced him for his brutality and he
struck me. I had the scissors in my hand
and struck at him. He struck me again
and I again Jabbed him with the scissors.
I acted purely in self-defense. Oh, If I
only had him here all by ourselves Just
for a few minutes!" she cried, with a
look In her eyes that boded 111 for San
derson if she could have her wish.
Sentenced to Ten Years.
John O^Brien, an ex-convlct, pleaded
guilty to a charge of burglary before
Judge Cook yesterday, and aa there were
prior convictions against him he was sen
tenced to ten years in Ban Quentln. He
and Joseph Wilson broke Into the cabin
of the steamer Apache on September 6
and stole a lot of clothes and other arti
cles. Wilson has yet to be tried.
Hughston Supports His 'Claim.
The contest Instituted by Avery Hugh-
Ft on of Seattle to the will of his uncle,
George H. Hughston," the capitalist, who
died In this city several months agt), 1*
assuming definite shape. An affidavit was
filed Friday by the contestant and as
It contained, letters written by the de
ceased to the' affiant, In which their re
lationship was referred to. th«" relation
ship Is no longer, disputed. An-accom
panying affidavit signed by Attorney
Smith, of. the firm of Smith & Prlngla,
who represent- the contestant, . further
supports the relationship.
§®i?Plili§
fhls difference-that they keep addln* a little
"i Z£&ttf£*« the following co^Ututlonal
nexi Sonof oSr State Legislature as a rem
edy Tor the evils set forth In this article.
"There shall be a Etate Board of Education,
io consist of the Superintendent of Public In
struction and three perrons to be appointed by
the Governor, each of whom shall receive a sal
ary of $3000 per annum, and each of whom etiail
be an experienced educator who has taught in
the public schools at least five years consecu
tively. t „
•The term of office of such appointees shall
be twelve years. Those appointed first shall
bo classify themselves by lot that they shall,
respectively, go out of office at the expiration of
four, eltht and twelve years. The board shall
adopt a uniform series of textbooks for use In
all public schools In this State, and also adopt
a uniform course of study for use therein.
"The State Board may cause such text-books,
when adopted, to be printed and published by
the Superintendent of Hate Printing at the
State Printing Office, and when so printed and
published to be distributed and sold at cost
price of printing, publishing and distributing
the same. The text-book so adopted shall con
tinue In upe without change not less than six
years. The State Board of Education shall
have control of the granting of all teachers'
certificates, but no certificate shall hereafter
be granted, except the applicant shall hold a
diploma from one of the State Normal Schools,
or from the pedagogical department ot some
university of good repute for scholarship, pro
vided no changes shall be made that will im
pair the validity of existing certificates, and
Mich certificates shall be renewable by the
State Buard. All certificates granted shall be
for life. The State Board shall perform such
other duties as may be prescribed by law."
At present the State Board of Education con
sists of the Governor, the Superintendent of
Public Instruction and the Principals of Stat«
Normal Schools.
My purpose In chanidns the personnel of the
.State Board of Education is because the mem
bers of such a board must tfve their whol*
time to the work of the board in order to be
able to carry out the plan which I suggest anil
which really alms at State education in the
full sense of the word. I believe, too, that the
members of the board thould be fully com
pensated f or ¦ their work, so that they can.
.without sacriftca to themselves, devote their
whole energies to the work in hand. I suggest
that the term of the members be a Ion* one,
t>o that they may fully understand their work
and carry It on with the system which. is neces
sary for so creat a duty. - •
This constitutional amendment and the amend
ment of the State law which I propose 'to; have
introduced ax the next session of our State
Legislature Is for the people and legislators t.i
reject or carry through as they see fit; but
after careful study of the whole situation, it
is the only remedy which I can see for th«
evils of our present school system
May Wilton, a. dressmaker at 117 Taylor
street, was arrested yesterday afternoon
on a warrant charging her with as
sault to murder. The complaining
witness Is Alexander Sanderson, proprie
tor of the lodging house at that address.
According: to Sanderson's statement, he
had told his wife Friday night not to en
ter Miss Wilton's room again, and yester
day morning when tho dressmaker saw
him she flew at him with a pair of scis
sors and stabbed him In the arm and
hand. She also attempted to stab him
over the heart. He had two slight wounds
JABS LANDLORD
WITH SCISSORS
?
May Wilton Cuts Alexander
Sanderson in the Arm
and the Hand.
of Sansome street shall be Daved with
basalt blocks on a six-Inch concrete
foundation.
The committee also recommended the
paving of Grant avenue between O'Far
rell and Bush streets with bitumen on a
basalt base. In accordance with the plans
of the Board of Works. Tne property
owners favor this pavement and will
stand $2509 of the exxass.
Th© committee reported In favor of the>
fassage of a bill authorizing txsa Board ot
'ubllc Works to enter Into a contract
for th© construction of bunkers at Elev
enth and Bryant streets for street sweep
ings at an estimated cost of $5005. Ar
rangements will then be made for cart-
Ing the sweepings to Goldan Gate Park.
TO HELP CHILDREN.
'.Legislation dranging 1 Present Curri-
culum Sug-geEted by I>r. Martin.
Dr. George H. Martin has formulated a J
ncheme for the relief of overburdened
ijefcool children \rhich will be called to the
attention of the next Legislature. The
•try against complexity In the curriculum
enforced by the authorities now in power
QD school matters has fallen on deaf earp,
»n<J now it Is proposed, by adequate legis
atior.. to prevent the further practice of
the abuse complained of. Dr. Martin's
views on the burdens of school children of
the present day in part follow:
cm account of the extent of human knowledge
•fducators have be*n adding from year to year
Itudy after study to the curricula of the pub
lic school? until the child of eight to-day Is
•txpected to know as much as the child of
twelve s. few years aco. Children In some of
Ihe grades have as many as sixteen recitations
i day upon t& many different subjects, while
from eichteen to twenty distinct studies and
par.y more separate subjects are to be taught
in six years or leee. I
Both children and teachers have to try to keep
•fp to this enormous pressure, with the result
•;hat thousand* upon thousands of both teach
<irs and pupils become physical and mental
"R-recks each year, thus destroying the useful
ness of as many lives. It Is eald by one who
has been studyinir thfse natistlcs of the Bureau
of Education at Wa^hinpton that 18,000 children.
li»tw«n the &ees cf el^ht and fourteen, were
taken cut of the public schools In live cities of
our country alone, during the last echool term.
because their nervous Fystems were wrecked
and their minds were incapable of pom* on
ar.y further with the Infernal crammine eys
tf-m. which exists to-day In our public schools.
These 16.CHXI helpless little wrecks are simply the
children we know about. How many other
htoueands there are we must leave to conjec
ture, j
So both ?rom a physical etanfipolnt ana from
an educational standpoint the whole system Is
bad and should not b« tolerated any longrer.
Kducatore *ay that they cannot cut down the
<v>utt<» °f study twaufe no one ttudy can be
SCHOOLS SOON
TO HAVE LOWER
CLASSIFICATION
Plan Favored by President
Mark of the Board of
Education.
?
Funds Will Not Permit of Its Imme
diate Introduction — .T»/>v'<7m n-n^
Park Schools Are Over
crowded.
President Mark of the Board of Educa
tion stated yesterday that the classifica
tion in the School Department will be re
duced to thirty or thirty-five pupils in
each class at no very distant day. This
statement is Interesting in view of the
fact that the board has all along favored
a much higher classification, which has
been strenuously but ineffectually opposed
by Superintendent of Schools Webster.
While Mark has never agreed with Den
man, who favors a classification of sixty
pupils to a class, he has, however, voted
vith his colleajruc in keeping the classifi
cation up to a high figure.
Mark says that it is not possible to in
augurate a low classification at the pres
• :•. time owing to the lack of funds, as
It -would mean the employment of many
additional teachers.
"I agree heartily with Superintendent
Webster in his policy of lower classifica
tion." said Mark, "but he does not take
into consideration the financial condition,
of the department. A low classification ia
impossible with low funds, but we. hop©
in time to be able to introduce it. I have
always disagreed with my colleagues on
the board on the subject of classification.
Our rules demand too larg« a class. The
t.train on the teacher !s too great and the
results cannot be as satisfactory as with j
a smaller number of pupils. The variety j
of subjects a teacher is obliged to handle
at the present day is such that it is im
possible to do justice where the number
of pupils is too large."
Regarding- the establishment of un
graded classes. Mr. Mark stated that the
innovation would probably not be made
¦until the end of the present fiscal year.
This will call for the appointment of a
number of extra teachers, but th* board
hopes to have more funds at Its disposal
¦when the new term commences. •
Deputy Superintendent Howard report
ed to Superintendent Webster yesterday
i hat he had visited the Park and Jackson
iichools and found them to be in a con
gested condition. This arises not so much
from the high classification which obtains
;n the department as from the fact that
.»ach clafs contains Wo or more mixed
jfrades. thus milking it difficult for the
•jeachers to do Justice to all pupils. The
appointment of an additional teacher in
•tach of th<» schools will be recommended
Ipy Superintendent "Webster in his next re
port.
-,¦ - i%;. : : •..-.-:¦¦.- . - • .-.--.1* : .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 1900.
Supervisors Favor Asphalt
Pavement on Concrete
Foundation.
The Supervisors' Street Committee at a
special meeting held yesterday recom-
mended that Clay, Washington, Sacra
mento and Pine streets, between Mont
gomery and Sansome, be paved with as
phalt on a six-Inch concrete foundation,
the Board of Public Works to prepare
the plans and specifications for the work.
This action is a rebuke to the last-men
tioned board, the recommendation of
which that the streets be paved with bi
tuminous rock on a cobblestone founda
tion met with severe opposition at the
last meeting of the Supervisors.
Besides the members of the Street
Committee, Supervisors Curtis. Connor
and Dwyer, there were present at the
meeting Mayor Phelan, Commissioners
Manson and Maguire of the Board of
Public Works and Citv Engineer Grun
sky. F. W. E>ohrmann, president of the
Merchants' Association; A. S. Baldwin,
president of the Grant Avenue Improve
ment Club, and Edgar Painter, secretary
of the North Central Improvement Club,
strongly urged upon the committee the
necessity of | constructing the best kind
of pavement in the downtown districts
and to remove the unsightly . cobble
stones that disfigure certain sections of
the city. A long discussion followed on
what constituted the best form of pave
ment to be used on the streets. - Manson
explained that in recommending bitumi
nous rock on a basalt base his board had
considered the cost and durability. The
difference in cost between that pavement
and bitumen laid on a concrete base was
$3500 in favor of the former and it is
guaranteed for ten years.
A. S. Baldwin and General "Warfleld ex
pressed themselves aa being in favor of
laying a pavement with cobblestone base
on Grant avenue and referred to. the
pavement In front of the Masonic Tena
ble, which consists of bitumen and cob
blestones and is as good to-day as when
first laid.
"We have been for five years," said Mr.
Dohrmann. "endeavoring to secure speci
fications for street work which will not
exclude all forms of pavement save bitu
men. I believe the pavement proposed by
the Board of Public Works Is superior
to any pavement that has been laid irj
this city for many years, and I think the
guarantee of ten years' maintenance suffi
ciently protects property-owners."
Albert Meyer made a plea for noiseless
pavement on Pine street, where the
buildings are used for offices. Edgar
Painter stated that the property-owners
on Washington street between Montgom
ery and Sansome have signed contracts
to pay one-half of the expense of bltu
mlnlzlng the street.
The committee also reported In favor of
the adoption of: a plan by the Board 10C
Public Works, whereby all the streets
ih .the business district west of Sansome
street shall hereafter be paved with bitu
men or asphalt and all the streets east
COBBLESTONES
TO BE REMOVED
Received Stolen Property.
Daniel Curtln, a Junk dealer on Market
street, near Seventh Btreet. was arrested
yesterday on a warrant charging: him with
receiving- Btolen property: He Is accused
of buying nine kegs of nails that were
stolen from a Southern Pacific freight
car.
32
Stylish Jackets and Capes
-AT-
POPULAR PRICES.
f^ OUR JACKETS AT
$5, $6.50,37.50, $8.50
Are recognized as extraordinarily
good values. We have them in the
leading fall shades. The CUT IS THE
LATEST AND THE CORRECT
OUR JACKETS AT
$10412.50, $15 aifl $20
Are made of superior quality of Ker-
seys, Cheviot and Covert Cloth, are of
high class tailoring and lined with an
excellent quality of silk or satin lining.
Newest Style of Automobile Goats,
Made of good quality Tan Kersey, silk lined, bottom handsomely
stitched with 10 rows of silk.'
Newest styles of Box Coats 9S.5O, 910.00 and 912.50
\^--«^"^ I JLJ. s^?«
NEWEST STYLES of RAINY-DAY CAPES, finches lone. at......
>. 90.50, 99.OO, 91O.OO. 912.5O
CHILDREN'S CAPES at 92.OO, 92.30. 93.00. 95.OO
Extra good values.
goldeFgate
CLOAK and SUIT HOUSE,
r 1230-1232-1234 MARKET ST..
Market street, near Sixth, opposite Go/den Gate avenue.
reached by rear stairway.
these departments are in charge of Mr. and Mrs. A. F. Cosgrov-,
assisted by artists who thoroughly understand their business, we make a
specialty of shampooing gray and blonde hair, by our superior methpd
it is made soft and beautiful without injury, ladies' hairdressing at the
department, 25c — at your home, iM'OO* these prices do not include
the new Paris style — the Marcel undulating, ladies' manicuring at the
department. 25c.
hairdressing and manicuring on mezzanine floor.
third floor — take elevator.
the benefits to be obtained from glasses depend upon perfection In
fit— nothing short of an experienced optician can fit your eyes correctly,
we never experiment, the optician in charge here is a graduate. he
uses the most modern improved instruments, and if your eyes are not
Tight we think he can help you. the prices we ask for glasses vary, but they
average fully twenty-five per cent lower than those usually charged,
examination free, prescriptions filled accurately.
here are skillfully fitted.
eyeglasses bought
the very best values in ladies' suits we have
offered this season,
prices average less than half.
second floor— take elevator.
this statement is conservative, it is made with due deliberation
after a careful, thouchtful and thorough examination of the facts,
each suit in this sale is emphatically a value in its truest and broad-
est sense— is made of excellent materials, cut according to the latest
fashions and of superior workmanship, the fabrics are cheviots,
homespuns, coverts and fancy mixtures — in black and various
shades of tan. of blue and of gray, the styles include fly^front,
box-front and Eton jackets AS*
with the new inverted plait- ftjUtS
Spjr ' ed back skirts. most' of the \L?*
'w^ jackets are silk-lined, sizes Xf^v
/Vsw 3 2 to 40. if eastern weather f/jT /j
1 'I yV conditions hadn't been so per- f{^ \ J
V'vL&y sistently unfavorable the manu- \y7 )
\ v*r " facturer of these suits would not I 1/
AA I have been floundering about in I (j
\ troubled financial water, and so I
\ " eager to jump at our almost ab- / \
/ t A surd spot cash offer, we are / \
/) \ \\\ sorry for him but glad of the / «V
/jf \ y/\ chance it brings us to offer vou / \V
(J U these beautiful suits at 95.00. ( ]\
"^ y^-^ 96.75, 97.5O and 91O-OO.
handkerchief chances.
first floor* — second aisle,
we are already getting into holiday
trim and swelling holiday lines by con-
tinual receipts from the best Irish,
French and Swiss producers. these
three lots came to us under value, and
the little prices show how liberal we
have been in marking them for enthusi-
astic selling, they justify your early at-
tention — there's faint likelihood of anv
more at anything like such little prices.
ladies' full size handkerchiefs in many
different pretty patterns. some have
hemstitched borders with lace trimmed
edges — some have borders of lace edg-
ings and insertions in combination —
some have fancy scalloped lace trimmed
borders — and some have pure linen cen-
ters and hemstitched borders, choice
of the style that suits your fancv best,
only 12 l-2c
ladies' fine and sheer linen handker-
chiefs with borders of lace Vx to i l A
inches wide, large variety of patterns,
one of the prettiest styles in the lot is
embroidered in beautiful desiens and
edged with gathered lace. only..;.. 25c
ladies' pure linen handkerchiefs with
borders composed of one hemstitched
tuck edged with point de Paris lace —
also handkerchiefs with lace edees or
plain hemstitched borders, choice, onlv
; i5c
pillows and burnt leather
goods.
second floor and bargain square.
pretty pillows lend to 'a room that air
of elegance which a woman loves, and
no housekeeper, however great her sup-
ply, has quite enough, these we tell you
of to-day will tempt the most refined
tastes, yet with prices so reasonable
their possession is not extravagance,
lessons in embroidery will be given at
the counter by an expert teacher.
pillow tops— our new geranium de-
sign is one of the prettiest things
brought out this season and is not to be
found elsewhere, but the absence of
competition does not affect the price un-
pleasantly, it is tinted to help the em-
broiderer, price for top and back. ,50o
pillow tops — in popular basket of
violets, scattered roses and fancv de-
signs^ — these are three of the best selling
styles we've shown this season and we
have kept the manufacturers on the
jump to keep up with our demands.
price for top and back 5Oc
brown linen pillow tops and back9.
finished with ruffles to match-complete
with enough of the new ropetine to fin-
ish a pillow, only 65c
burnt leather pillows and panel bags
—our expert will skillfully execute spe-
cial designs to order at most reasonable
prices.
silk laces.
first floor— second aisle.
the laces range in width from .1 to 10
inches and there is -a splendid choice of
patterns, they arc very desirable for
holiday fancy work, neckwear; flounces
and for trimming evening gowns and
waists, some of them are worth 75c a
yard, and almost the poorest piece you
can pick out will return you double
your money's worth, choice, 25c yard.
new ribbons
under price.
first floor — third aisle.
eight thousand yards of the new au-
tumn ribbons became ours at an unex-
pectedly small outlay, eight experts are
at your service to tie all the new bows
free of charge.
new and strikingly handsome neck
ribbons — one^ of this season's most
fetching styles in bright and pretty col-
ors that suggest a hundred rainbows
dipped in dyes that nature never knew —
3^4 inches — their value is 30c to 40c a
yard— but you may pick where you
please for 23c
all-silk taffeta ribbons in pretty fancv
stripes and corded effects — not a single
ugly or passe color in the lot— would
be under-priced at 20c the yard — now.
only 14c
notions and belts.
first floor — second aisle.
little wastes are the hardest to watch,
frugal women know how fast it count*
up when she pays a penny here, a nickel
or a dime there, too much, on the hun-
dred and one little things that come un-
der the head of notions, but the waste
doubles if you buy trash and have to
buy again, this notion store saves you
money and it stays saved — for . every
item it has to offer is worthy of its kind,
remember that — then note these offer-
ings.
fancy frilled elastic, in pink, blue, lav-
ender, cardinal and black — 1 Z A inches
wide— per yard 12 l-2c
stockinet dress shields — nos. .1 and 4 —
while they last, per pair 6c
ladies' round garters, made of frilled
elastic, in black, pink. blue, orange and
cardinal and finished with satin ribbon
bows and pretty metal clasps — per pair
25c
brush edge waterproof skirt bindings,
in black, navy, green, brown, tan and
gray— one inch wide, per yard 5c
patent leather pulley belts finished
with gilt braids and metal buckles —
each -5c
shell side and empire combs — a bis:
miscellaneous lot has been tumbled
upon a table in the bargain square and
priced for a speedy clearance at. each
19c
lace curtains.
second floor — take elevator.
no need to tell a woman who loves a beautiful
home how needful a pair of lace curtains arc to set
off a pretty room, here are some splendid things
for this week — they should make a stir in home
circles —
ecru or white Nottingham lace curtains — .1
yards long by 40 inches wide — really pretty de-
signs, wrought on strong net— just the thing for
small windows — per pair, only 75c
ecru or white Nottingham lace curtains — z\l
yards lona by 45 inches wide — dainty effects for
the bedroom— you'd expect to pay at least $1.25
for curtains like these — per pair, only ;91«00
white or ecru Nottinghapi lace curtains — 3 l A
yards long 1 by 50 to 6b inches wide — five very at-
tractive patterns— per pair 91*50
$4.50
table linens — full bleach-
ed, 60 inches wide and all
pure linen, but the price
is ; no. higher than cotton,
mixed pretenders, skill-
fully disguised, frequently
sell for. a splendid value
at, per yard 35c
white blankets with
handsome red, blue and
pink borders, they are
double-bed size (72x84
inches), and each pair
weighs S pounds — per pair
full size Marseilles bed-
spreads in several new and
beautiful patterns at $1.50
instead of $i.7.S. they are
handsome enough to
please any woman of taste
and the price is low
enough to tickle the most
sensitive purse, only....
;. .91.50
bleached table damask
in several handsome pat-
terns — full two yards wifle
and all pure flax, worth
90c a yard — only 75c
the great and rapidly growing greater
department that sells domestics is
the pride of the new store.
first floor— first aisle,
great buying and small prices go hand in hand and
we have long been great buyers, it is an open secret
that we are never frightened at quantity if the price turns
our way sharply enough, that's why all of our offerings
of domestics give opportunity for saving, many are
priced far below .the market value, all are exceptionally
low. but there is an additional saving — the worry and
doubts with regard to the goodness of the merchandise,
we never offer you little price at the expense of quality,
to-morrow, and all this week, will find much worth see-
ing and owning here.
a big store 'filled with srood sroods^ —
polite, quick service, prompt deliveries
— and lowest prices at all times, that'd
why we grow so.
this store will be
pool tables with balls, cues and trij
angle—^25x12 inches — only ;$3.25
magic lanterns with three round
slides — 14 inches high and six inches
long— only 40c'
maps of California and the United.
States — each, only 25c
tool chests containing twelve pieces —
only 65c
spelling and number boards, eacb.
only 75c
target pistols with arrows and tareet
— each, only 49c
holiday story-books with board cov-
ers — each, only 25c
chatterbox for 1900 — each. only. .75c
covered Saratoga trunks, with handles,
trays, locks and keys and castors— 16
inches long by 9 inches high — only.87c
pianos with 18 notes — 19 inches long,
and 12 inches high — nicely polished —
only 91.69
come to-morrow and visit toyiand.
it is located on the third floor of Hale's big new store and easily reached by three roomy, easy-running
and absolutely safe elevators in charge of experienced and courteous men.
« • bring the little ones along, how their eyes 'will snap and sparkle as they catch a glimpse of these
creatures and creations of the nursery world, even jolly, big-hearted old Santa himself, who is now on his
way to Hale's, would stare in amazement could he but get here a little ahead of time and drop in to-morrow
to view this veritable fairyland of toys, from the Black Forest of Germany, from the south of France, from the
principal European centers for wholesale toy buying, as well as from many domestic sources, came these won-
derful herds of animals— horses, cows, sheep and donkeys with natural voices and real hair— ihese magnetic
toys, magic lanterns, steam engines, doll houses, stables, grocery stores, butcher shops, thea*ers, trucks, milk
wagons, sand carts, fire engines, steamboats, hook and ladders, hose carts, patrol wagons, arks, trains, pianos,
tool chests, printing presses, drums, horns, games, blocks, tops, tea sets, velocipedes, bureaus, bedsteads, ward-
robes, stoves, rifles that shoot, ten pins, reins, whips, lilliputian warriors all ready for the fray and toys with
real machinery that works.
and then the marvelous dolls — what dashing, demure, picturesque, saucy, pouting, dimpled beauties they
are with their eyes of blue or brown or black and hair that curls, or ripples, or crinkles, come and enjoy it all.
hints of some of the little prices and big values.
until Christmas.
piano stools— 8 inches high— only25c
Christmas tree candle holders^ — oer
dozen, only 7c
ironing boards on stands— each, onlv
; ... 25c
dolls' china teasets of sixteen pieces^ —
each, only 23c
kid body dolls, with riveted hip joints
—long curly hair— movincr eves— shoes
and stockings— worth $1.2., each — only
OSc
fine wood jointed dolls, with hand-
some bisque faces, moving eyes, ex-
posed teeth and parted curly hair with
side combs — 19 inches Ions:— onlv
93.OO
iron wagons, 10x20 inches— each, onlv
91.20
tricycles— 18 inch plain iron wheels —
each, only $<4.5O
rocking horses with saddles. 24 inches
high— each, only $1.00
McGall's patterns and maarazines for
December are now ready, there is no
good pattern so low priced — no low
priced pattern so good.
open Saturday niehts
Christmas tree ornaments — each, only
lc to ......lOc
iron ranges, complete with cookinsr
utensils— 8^x12^ inches — only..?— •*>&
Christmas tree candles— per box. only
..:... lOc
toy wash sets of five pieces — each,
only : 35c
toy tea tables— 12x18 inches— each,
only ...25c
skin rocking horses — plush trimmed
saddles — 56x29 inches^ — each. . .$10.50
mother goose melodies— each, onlv
49c
iron toys — 25 different kinds — choice,
only 25c
fancy colored willow doll beds with
tops, 16 inches lonff, only.... 25c
drums — 9 inches across top — each,
only • 25c
warships^ — model of the Iowa — each,
only 40c
the ladies' parlor on the mezranine
floor is always open and you are 'always
welcome, finely appointed toilet rooms
adjoin it
Hale's.
Hale's.
Hale's.
Hale's.
Hale's.
Hale's.
; V$i$& . >P^P^jliJ/rf^^i * ne great and rapidly growing greater
(/ 0§J\\ lWwwy f %/v the pride of the new store.
[*'-¦ \"3fi J"^^&5*mS3S*$B J / 4f I ]*!}/} sreat buying: and small prices go hand in hand and
\~*7 !<*£¦ ' '' - * Jga^aSapa f yVM^ //fy/7 we have Ion? been great buyers, it is an open secret
\ jfe^' •''•*.— =«. I = "I pijl/ yy that we are never frightened at quantity if the orice turns
%^ ta^ Stf^jssr_'' s * c7^" |s ///^\y our way sharply enough, that's why all of our offerings
o #)fc \ • J/J/ 0 - °^ domestics srive opportunity for saving, many are
_=. •^¦^^\^y^-^\^^. priced far below, the market value, all are exceptionally
*^^^i -*^ — -— low. but there is an additional savins — the worrv and
I jRS_N$ wear "%3lllP
w more— our large busi- % V
ness this season on Ready-to-Wear and Walking hats has
, \ made a great many odds and ends in our stock. ._ To-mor-
/ row we'll take all our Ready-to-Wear 'hats, where there are ]
; . only two or three of a kind, and place them on sale at 65c W
\j each. The assortment includes almost every shape and A
7/ color known to Ready-to-Wear fashions this year. Of ||
I I course the qualities' are limited, hence the first comers will j||
\ .get^thelchoice/ It's the most important sale on' these \l
'I /^^ !5^L goods held in San
fl^r^^X— Francisco this -year. /$'¦ rf^^^sk.
Pa^fc^l-TT ' The ' 'f 3NSiSl