Is Arrested on a Charge of Drunkenness, but
Bails Himself Out and Returns to Home,
Where He Is Forgiven.
Os borne Fuller, a Rich Englishman,
Disfigures a Woman for Life in
a Brutal Assault.
ARISTOCRATIC CLUB
MAN BEATS HIS WIFE
El-wood Bruner Receives $250 for Handling the Measure in the
Legislature--Photograph of the Cheek — Bill Passes
Both Houses Without a Dissenting Vote.
Use of Money to Smooth Passage of Bill to
Prevent Cutting of Oil Pipe Line--$100
for Assemblyman of 41st.
DIBBLE THE CHIEF FIGURE
IN ANOTHER PUBLIC SCANDAL
Henry C. Dibble, candidate for tlie Assembly from the, Forty-first
Assembly District, is again the central figure in an unsavory trans
action of the last Legislature. To assist the passage of a bill to pro
tect oil pipe lines from vandals, Zlwood Bnrq^r was retained by
Captain Barrett. Bruner's fee was $50. Soon after his retention he
asked Barrett for $200 more, $100 of which, he said, was to go to
Dibble, chairman of the Rules -Committee, and 51OO more to the
chairman of the Judiciary Committee, two committees that could
hold the bill indefinitely unless proper arguments were made.
THE ENGLISH CLUB MAX WHO CREATED A SENSATION TESTER
DAY BY SO BRUTALLY BEATING HIS WIFE THAT SHE WILL BE
DISFIGURED FOR LIFE.
The next day at the Western Hotel Cap
tain Barrett drew his check for $230 on the
Captain Barrett wanted the bill passed.
It was a good measure demanded by the
residents of the Coallnga oil district. He
had been In Sacramento a sufficient
length of time to hear the whispered
comment concerning the Committee on
Rules and its chairman, Assemblyman
Dibble of the Forty-first Assembly Dis
trict. Captain Barrett reflected, and re
called that story of Zaccheus who climbed
a tree. It occurred to him that Zaccheus
came down and the lesson was not lost.
Other Incidents In the career of a bill
in the Assembly- were considered at the
business session In the lawyer's office.
Bruner told the captain that $200 more
would be required to jog the bill along.
According to the captain's version of the
Interview, Bruner said it would be Im
possible to have the. bill passed unless
he employed the chairman of the Judi
ciary Committee, and Dibble, who was
chairman of the Committee oa Rules, and
each one would charge $100.
pay $50 to Mr. Bruner for drawing up a
bill and looking, out .for, the measure in
the Legislature.
The next day business negotiations were
resumed, but the scene of action was
shifted from the theater to the law office
of Elwood Bruner. It may be well to
observe here that~ the '$50 transaction' was
perfectly fair. The fee was modest, show
ing that the lawyer had no desire to rob
his old whist partner. The legislation
sought for was demanded by the legiti
mate oil industry. It is the inference,
therefore, that Captain Barrett would not
ask his Pacific Grove whist partner to
draw up a bad bill. • .*. ¦
Con tinuedVn Third Page.
"Josh." The Judge continued the case till
to-day, but Intimated that Mindham was
to be held on heavy bonds to keep the
peace. •-• - •'-.'-'-.•¦'—: ~
Mindham denied that he wanted to kill
his wife and said it was all done for a
which struck him on the head. Police
man Chase found* Mindham sitting on the
back 'steps with the hatchet beside him.
two daughters. Once he took a dose of
"Rough on Rats." but recovered. Finally
he was told to go about his own business
and his wife would support herself and
two children by dressmaking. Mindham
packed up his personal effects and left.
Since then he has been continuing hU
threats, and last Tuesday he called at
the ' house armed with a hatchet. He
went to the rear and tried to force open a
window, as his wife .had 1 locked the door.
She held on to the window from the inside
and as he would not go away she hurled
a flower-pot through the window at him.
soon Mindham began to threaten to take
his life and the lives of his wife and her
The marital troubles of James MtnChara
and his wife were told to Judge Cabaniss
yesterday. • when Mindham appeared on
a charge of threats to kill. Mindham Is a
clerk In a lumber firm, and married his
wife, who was then a widow with two
daughters, about a year ago. They lived
at 224 T. ana: ton street.
- They did not live happily together, and
SOUGHT TO KILL HIS
WIFE WITH A HATCHET
James Mindham, a Clerk, "Will Ba
Held on Heavy Bonds to Keep
the Peace.
Mexico" company, now playing at a local
theater." who occupies the room next to
the Fullers, said yesterday that she was
aroused In the morning by hearing Fuller
beating his wife. She says that she did
not Interfere, as she considered "discre
tion the better part of valor." After see-
Ing Mrs. Fuller yesterday she said that
if she. knew how brutal the assault was
she would" have interposed at any cost.
Late» last night Mrs. Fuller was resting
easily, 'but :the greatest relief to her
wounds -'was that her husband had re
turned, to her. It !s more than possible
that Mr. and Mrs.. Fuller will leave for
London to-day If Mrs. Fuller has so far
recovered as to be able to travel.
to Watch Legislation.
The subject of business relating to the
plp« line legislation was introduced at
Captain Barrett Secures Hia Services
BKTJNEB WAS BETAENED.
manager and the legislative lawyer had a
good dinner together and saw the play
from a private box.
In 1S38, a few months before the regular
session of the Legislature of 1899 con
vened, Elwood Bruner and Frank Barrett
were sojourning at Pacific Grove. In
whlling away the time whist playing was
a favorite amusement, and each recog
nized in the other the qualities of a. su
perior player. They met every day for
two weeks and became fairly well ac
quainted. In February, 1899, they happen
ed to meet In Sacramento. The greetings
were cordial, and Mr. Bruner remarked,
"What are you doing in Sacramento, Cap
tain?" Captain Barrett replied that' he
was interested in oil and was there to
see Senators Flint and Rowell and As
semblyman Fairweather regarding some
measure for the protection of pipe lines.
The following day Captain Barrett and
Mr. Bruner again met The captain said
he had a matter of business to present
and suggested that Mr. Bruner go to the
theater with him that evening and talk it
over. The proposition was acceptable to
the Eacramento attorney, hence the oil
Readers should understand at the out
set that the legislation desired was in
the public Interests. It simply provided
adequate punishment for any one who
should willfully and maliciously cut an
oil pipe line.
munications and consented to the publica
tion of all the facts.
The main points involved in the trans
action were brought to light after diligent
Inquiry in se\-eral quarters. The proof
persistently sought for was not found un
til representatives of The Call obtained
an interview with Captain Frank Bar
rett of Palo Alto. He spoke at first with
great reluctance, and then under the seal
of cor.flde.nce, expressing great aversion
to public mention. After several inter
views had taken place and the proposition
that he owed It to the cause of honesty
ar.d straight work in legislation had been
placed before him he consented to narrate
his experience at Sacramento and else
where in obtaining the enactment ' v of As
sembly bill €29.. When he ascertained that
several positive assertions made by him
regarding the purposes for which certain
money should be applied were contradict
ed by Elwood Bruner, an attorney at Sac
ramento. Captain Barrett removed the
Injunction relating to confidential com-
ANOTHER shameful chapter in the
legislative record of Henry C.
Dibble of the Forty-first Assem
bly District hasbeen disclosed. It
should be read carefully by every
pood citizen of the district, and then the
voters. Irrespective of party, should take
Fom« resolute action to shield the district
from further disgrace.
The Call takes no pleasure In parading
this story of crookedness in the Assembly,
but the ends of Justice demand that the
rarratlve should be recited, the details of
the scandal revealed and the proof of
crooked work produced. At the present
time all of the facts cannot be submitted.
es considerations of respect for one whose
family is afflicted by a sad bereavement
fug-gest that one name and several inci
dents be omitted from the publication.
the theater, presumably between acts, but
it was not concluded, although it pro
gressed to the payment, or to an agree
ment on the part of Captain Barrett to
EXHIBITS IX THE LATEST CHARGE AGAINST HENRY C. DIBBLE. THEY SHOW THE CHECK PAID TO GET
A JUST MEASURE THROUGH THE LEGISLATURE, AND THE MEN WHO. IT IS CLAIMED, GOT THE
said he was formerly an officer in the
English navy and that he left London_ six
months ago with his wife on a tour; of
Canada and America.
"I cawn't see how this is anybody's
business," eald Fuller. "I ¦was arrested
by a 'Bdbble', for no reason that I know
of, I can assure 'you. If I have words
with my wife, that is her and my busi
ness.
''.¦ ".What do I do for a living? Well. I
don't have. to work and I am not a remit
tance man. Please leave me alone unless
you have 'a good brand of cigarettes with
you. And you might Just tell the bobbies
to let me out. This is a terrible place to
confine a fellow like me in.
"My wife is hurt pretty bad, you say?
Oh, well, I am awfully sorry. Why did
I do it for? Well, you don't know as
much as I do-.'
"What do I wear this gold bangle round
me -wrist for? Aw, that would be telling.
you 1 know. When I came to this awfully
horrid country who would have thought
that It would end like this?
"Deuced good fellows here, you naw!
Bohemian Club last night— devil of a
time! Oh, hang me wife! I don't want
to hear about her."
He was later removed to the Hall of
Justice In the prison van with the va
grants, buKwas Immediately released by
balling himself out for 13. The police were
unable to charge him with the assault,
as his wife refused to prosecute him and
was anxiously waiting his return to her
in their rooms. .~* ,i'.
One of Fuller's closest friends since he
has been In this city Is the well known
clubman, Donald de V. Graham, j They
became close friends and were constant
companions at both the Bohemian and
Pacific Union clubs. When Fuller first
arrived In this city he presented a letter
of introduction to Graham given him by
an officer in the' English navy, whom Ful
ler had met in Vancouver. British Colum
bia, stationed in H. M. S. Phaeton. Gra
ham was greatly surprised when in
formed of the assault, as they were both
in the Bohemian Club until a late hour.
It was Fuller's Intention to have left for
London yesterday afternoon, accompanied
by his wife. The tickets were already
bought. -
Miss Main, a member of the "Man From
"Fuller 'woke up from his drunken stupor
late In the afternoon and at first denied
any knowledge of the act. He afterward
said - that . he had ] eood grounds for the
assault.- though- he - would ¦ not say for
what cause. He claims that he Is Inde
pendently rich" and that -he Is from _ Lon
don, 'where » his 'deceased father 'was 'well
known as ; the president of "a cable ' com
pany connecting London with Brazil." He
, Later to a reporter of The Call she ad
mitted that her husband had committed
the assault, but said he was in a frenzied
mood and was not accountable for his ac
tions when he committed the deed. His
only excuse was that she could not find a
pair of gloves he wanted. *
The woman was then conveyed in a
hack back to her rooms in the Leepal
mer, where she was interviewed by the
police.. She, became very reticent when
questioned and stated to the police that
she. fell down the stairs and thus disfig
ured herself. She presented a pitiable pic
ture propped up on the bed with both her
eyes closed and her head swathed in
bandages.- She refused to swear to a com-'
plaint charging her husband with the as
sault.' '..¦-. .
About 10 o'clock yesterday morning De
tective Hamill, on duty on Market street,
near Stockton, arrested Fuller , on ' the
charge of drunkenness. The man was
acting very queerly, Jumping on and off
the passing wagons and carts.. He was
taken to the Central police station. ' On
searching him there was found a certifi
cate of deposit on the Anglo-Callfornian
Bank for ¦ $S50 and gold to the 'amount
of WO. He had the appearance of " being
a man of refinement. He requested that
his wife at room 63 of the Leepalmer be
told of his trouble. : ._ ' Detective' Hamill
called at the house and found that Mrs.
Fuller had been the victim of a brutal
assault at the hands of her husband. The
detective notified the police at the Jail not
to release Fuller, as he would prefer a
more cerious charge against him. • In the
meantime Mrs. Fuller had donned her hat
and **with blood streaming down her face
she'v/ent to Dr. A. D. McLean's office on
Ellis street,' where her Injuries were at
tended to and her wounds dressed.
ONE of the most brutal assaults
ever perpetrated in this city was
committed early yesterday morn
ing by, Osborne. Fuller, \ a rich
¦ young Englishman, who beat
his young wife Into insensibility, break
ing her nose and Jaw and closing both her
eyes. The woman will be 'disfigured for
life. . Fuller has been in this city, accom
panied by his wife, for two months, and
during his sojourn here he has through
his connections had the entre of both the
Pacific Union and Bohemian clubs.
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 19, 1900.
PRICE FIYE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXVIII-NO. 141.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
TO PASS SUCH AN OBVIOUSLY GOOD
BILL, WHY SHOULD IT BE NECESSARY
TO EMPLOY LEGISLATORS AS ATTORNEYS?
An act to add a new section to thz Psnal Code, said sec-
tion to be designated as section six hundred and twenty -
five and one half , relating to oil pipe-lines.
The peop'e of the State of California, represented in Sen-
ate and Assembly, do enact as follows:
SECTION i. A new section is hereby added to the Penal Code to
be <le J!5 nated a* 5 section six hundred and, twenty-five^ and one-half
623H- Every person who shall willfully and "maliciously cut or
break any oil pipe-line is punishable ¦¦ by imprisonment in the State
prison, or in a county jail, not exceeding two years.
V:;:- :. Speaker of the Assembly.
President pro iem. of the 'Senate.MADRID. Oct. lS.-General Linares has
been gazetted as Minister of War and
General Azrarra for the Senate.
Linares as Minister of War.
POLICE IDENTIFY THE
BODY OF GEORGE BAILEY
Missing Head and Arms of the Mur
dered Man Recovered and Shown -
to Suspected Prisoner.
LYNX, Mass., Oct. IS.— The entire body
of George B. Bailey of North Saugus, who
was murdered about October S. is now in
the possession of the Lynn police and Is
positively identified. The missing head
and arms were found by the police In
dragging Glenmore Pond this afternoon.
The remains were taken to a local un
dertaker's rooms and there identified by
people who knew Bailey well. John C.
Best, who Is held on suspicion of having
committed the murder, was confronted
with the head, but all he would say was
that h>- thought that it might be Bailey's.
AT LEAST FORTY THOUSAND
DOLLARS THE SUM STOLEN
NEW YORK, Oct. 18.— The World will
say to-morrow: Forty thousand dollars
Papeete the Beautiful.
Those who are fond of traveling (and who is
not) will hail with delight the news of a direct
steamship route to Tahiti. Thia charming land
has until now been accessible only by slow
sailing vessels, but on November 1st the popu
lar steamship Australia will sail direct, mak
ing the trip In lO^i days. A reduced round
trip rate has been made for th« first trip. Call ,
at *13 Market street for sailing list. ' * .
Before I make the remarks I have to make
I want to call your attention to a circular that
has been circulated on these grounds by a lot of
scoundrels. (Applause.) It contains what pur
ports to be extracts from speeches I am said
to have made. I fti - one of - which ¦ I an accused
of saying that the way to get rid of BryRnlsm
or labor troubles was to stand the offender. up
asainst the wall and shoot him, and that. any
on« who would join In a strike or xo oeax one
PARKERSBURG, W. Va., Oct. 18.—
Governor Roosevelt will finish his general
campaign at Baltimore to-morrow night,
after having traveled nearly 14,000 miles
and making nearly 500 speeches. He will
spend the flnal week in New York State.
The Boston visit has been eliminated and
if possible Governor Roosevelt will spend
next Sunday with his family at Albany.
To-day's work began at Canton, Ohio,
the home of- McKinley. After a hard day's
campaigning through Ohio and West Vir
ginia, Governor Roosevelt reached Par
kersburg to-night and addressed a large
audience, paying special attention to Sen
ator Jones^ denial that the American Cot
ton Company Is a trust. The Rough Rider
produced a statement of the company and
argued that its own figures, prospectus
and plan of procedure entitled It to the
name of trust. He said* that In floating its
stock the American Cotton Company had
boasted of Its ability to control the price
of cotton and entered the market with the
expressed intention of cornering the crop
and mastering the market. To? this 'end.
after the established methods of trusts.
the American Cotton Company had, he
said, bought out and gained control of
three or four smaller factories having pat
ents which enabled them to make the
round lap bale of cotton. Roosevelt accused
the cotton-bale trust of first securing
London freight rates and securing foreign
markets.
From Wheeling, W. Va., the run was
down the Ohio River, and stops were
made at Benwood, Moundvllle, New" Mar
tinsville. Slstersvlllc, St.- Marys and Wa
verly. The two first named are in Mar
shall County, which is strongly Republi
can. At Moundvllle Governor Roos.evelt
was handed a copy of the same circular
which created such a sensation, in the
West a few days ago; in which he Is ac
credited with some severe remarks about
what should happen to strikers, etc. These
circulars had been liberally circulated In
this part of the State.- Governor Roose
velt denied that he had at any time said
any word which might be construed Into
anything like what was printed In the cir
cular and he said that the men who got
it up knew they were lying.
New Martinsville Is situated In Wetsel,
a strong Democratic county, yet Governor
Roosevelt was greeted by a large and or
derly crowd. . * • ¦•¦'• ¦•¦-,-¦
A stop of thirty, minutes was made at
Slstersville, where he addressed an au
dience of 2000. Governor Roosevelt stayed
in the car to-night, declining several Invi
tations from' residents.
.-At "Wheeling Governor Roosevelt said in
part: /
About Him as Scoundrels.
Denounces Men Who Circulate Lies
crowds of farmers were briefly addressed.
At Parker, where the train stopped for
twenty minutes, a brass band and a salute
from a small cannon greeted the speak
ers.
Shortly before 8 o'clock the train
reached Sioux Falls. Three meetings were
held here to-night— one in the auditorium,
the second at,the new opera-house and the
third in the old opera-house. In this city,
the home of Senator Pettigrew. the big
gest demonstration of the campaign tour
was held. The celebration included a
torchlight procession, in which marching
clubs from several near-by towns took
part, and fireworks on an elaborate scale.
To-morrow a stop of fifteen minutes or
so will be made at Sioux City, Iowa, and
then the Republican leaders will enter
Nebraska for two days, the tour ending
with a meeting at Omaha Saturday night.
ROOSEVELT PLIES THE LASH.
FOOLISH ELECTION BET.
looser Must Walk Across Continent to
Greet the President.
DENVER, Oct. IS.— As the result of an
election agreement between "Bangor
Jack." Donovan • and John W. Smith, the
former is to take a stroll from Denver > to
Lincoln, Nebr., If he loses, while the lat
ter must foot It to Washington, D. C, if
he loses. "Bangor Jack" Is a stanch sup
porter of Bryan, while Smith is for Mc-
Kinley. Each has agreed to shake hands
with and offer personal congratulations
to the next President. The loser will
start November 8.
That party's programme is not to remedy an
evil but to destroy a development. If they
are 'logical they would dissolve the great rall
load systems into the "fragmentary lines out of
which thoBe great systems were formed. Nay,
more -they would destroy those systems nlto
gether and go back to the period of travel on
horseback and stage coach. Thia is the logic
cf their position.
Mr. Beverldge declared that the future
of the young men of America demands an
expansion of our foreign trade.
Of the Democratic peirty tie Bald:
This industrial development, of -which the
department • store, the railroad consolidation,
the great building and the mighty manufactur
ing enterprises are examples, afford the young
innn his opportunity instead of taking it away.
Mr Beveridge declared that- the Re
publicans favor the «ood in the principle
of business .combinations and the elimina
tion of the evil, while the Democrats
make war .upon the whole system indis
criminately. Continuing, he said:.
¦ In this country this great development of
combination and co-operation has taken hold
of every branch of industrial life. It has spread
faster and wider in America than anywhere
elFe. simply because the American people are
more intelligent than any other people: simply
because we communicate with each other moro
than any other people; simply because we de
pend upon each other more than any other
people. And all this merely means that we are
more civilized than any other people.
All of these developments are as Inevitable
as they are natural, and they ought to be full
of blessings for all mankind. But In their
development evils have developed, Just as evils
have attended every advance of human.prog
ress. No man is perfect. No nation is perfect.
No society is'perfectl
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., Oct. 18.— United
States Senator Beverldge to-night ad
dressed more than 4000 people at Tomlln
son Hall. He was escorted to the hall
by marching clubs of Rough Riders, sev
eral thousand in number. Mr. Beveridge
told the origin and developments of com
binations of business, popularly known as
trusts, and said:
Is Not One of Progress.
Declares the Policy of the Democrats
SENATOR BEVERIDGE SPEAKS
shculd be killed. They dare not Rive the dates
of the speeches because there were no such
speeches, either in Chicago or New York or any
where else. The statements are lies, known
to be lies by those who started them and by
those who culled them, and it is characteristic
of the party which stands for repudiation of
th>- national, debt, which stands for civic die
order and lawlessness at home and the dishonor
of the flag abroad, that it should take refuge
in the foulest and. most deliberate mendacity
Then all other methods fail.
Information reached Postofflce Inspector
King and Deputies Jacobs and James yes
terday which convinced them that some
one thoroughly familiar with th© work
ings of the sub-station and possessing a
key which opened the registered lock had
committed the theft.
Is believed to be a conservative estimate
of the amount of money, postofBcs orders,
checks and stamps stolen from Postofflce
Station H in the Grand Central place on
Monday 'night on its way to the general
postofflce. Five mail pouches la all wers
stolen.
WILLIAM JENNINGS BRYAN IN HIS SPEECH AT NEW YORK SAID: "I AM PREPARED TO SAY, GREAT IS
TAMMANY, AND. CROKER IS ITS PR6PHET."
HAVANA. Oct. 1«.— The remains of Ma
jor Peterson and hi? wife were Interred
this afternoon with military honors. The
flap at Bl Moro and on all the public
buildings were at half-mast.
INDIANAPOLIS. Ind.. Oct. 18.— Major
Peterson was f?l\ known here, having
been detailed here a* mustering officer
during the Spanish-American war. When
the One Hundred and Sixty-first Indiana
RepimenT was formed in response to the
second rail Peterson wa«= appointed a ma
jor fn it by the Governor. He went south
in It. but before the war ended he was
promoted to the regular army and left
the volunteer service.. -. . ¦ ¦. .
Mrs. Peterson way the daughter of a
prominent business man in Cincinnati and
wa? cifTrd with unusual charms of ner
fon and mind. Her devotion to her hus
band is indicated by the tragic manner of
her «ieath. • ...
Major Peterson was with the commis
sary department and held the rank of
captain in the regular establishment. He
was a graduate of West Point and was
appointed from North Carolina.
"HAVANA. Oct.. 16— Surgeon General,
Washington: Major Matt R. Peterson.
t.'. S. V.. died of yellow fever at Las Ani
mas at 9 o'clock October 17. Mrs. Peter
son, hi? wife, killed herself an hour later.
"GORGAS. Chief Sanitary Officer."
WASHINGTON, Oct. .IS.— The War De
partrr.r-nt has received the following
cablegram:
Major Peterson Claimed by
•the Dread Scourge at
Las Animas.
OFFICER DIES OF
YELLOW FEVER
NEW YORK, Oct. IS.— Con McVey.'.the
big California pugilist- who gained noto
riety on. November 10, 1S98. by jumping
Into the ring and Interfering with the
Corbett-Sharkey fight, was to-day held
In 31000 bail for examination on a charge
of mayhem. Thomas Clayton, a small
sized hotel porter, appeared against Mc-
Vey. One ear was" badly lacerated, he
claims, by the tooth of a hound pup set
ucon him as a Joke by McVey.
MeVey Held for Mayhem.
The Prohibition special train leaves
Jersey City to-morrow morning for Bait!,
more, where the night meeting will be
held. Stops ar« scheduled at Trenton, N
J.. Chester, Pa., and Newark, Del.
NEW YORK, Oct. 18.— John G. Woolley,
Prohibition nominee for President, spoke
to an audience of about 1300 persons at
the Star Theater in Brooklyn to-night.
He also spoke at meetings In Elizabeth
and Jersey City, >*. J., earlier in the
evening. « • ;-••..
Woolley in Brooklyn.
Fourth, the jury has the right to disre
gard the testimony of any witness who
they believe willfully and maliciously tes
tified falsely.
John M. Stevenson opened the argument
for the defense. Ho said .the testimony
In thecase did not show even circumstan
tial evidence sufficient to convict, but the
most that could be said was that some
suspicious circumstances existed as t<j
Youtsey. He said he believed the Jury
thought John Rickett was a self-confessed
liar and perjurer and that was the only
way to deseribe-hlm; that nicketts* Im
probable story had been contradicted, Ira
peached and set at naught.
Third, the Jury must, believe the defend
ant guilty beyond a reasonable doubt be
fore they ought to continue.
First. If the Jury believes that the de
fendant shot Goebel or aided or abetted
Jim Howard. Berry Howard, Dick Combs
or any of- them in the shooting, then he Is
guilty. of murder. . .
Second, that the testimony of accom
plices alone must not be relied upon to
cenvict.
The defense put on two witnesses, who
said they had tried it and could not hear
a man running down the steps. This
closed the testimony for both sides, and
about 8 o'clock the Judge read the Instruc
tions to the jury, the substance of which
is as follows:
"Arthur Goebel and I had a conference
with Colonel Nelson and -Colonel Craw
ford in the Capitol Hotel, as stated by
Colonel Nelson. I gave Colonel Nelson a
copy of the statement Youtsey had made
to me and pome questions that I wanted
Youtsey to answer. I told him that Yout
uey made a verbal statement correspond
ing to the written one I gave then, but
before any recommendation could be made
to the commonwealth's attorney for im
munity we would like to have* Youtsey
answer the questions we filed and make a
signed statement. That was the object
of that conference. The paper read from
yesterday was an exact copy of the one I
gave Colonel Nelson, and it has not been
changed or altered one particle since that
time. 7 ' . .
Colonel Campbell, attorney for the pros
ecution, was put on the stand for the
commonwealth. He said:
The defense then closed finally.
GEORGETOWN". Ky., Oct. IS.— The
Youtsey trial is drawing rapidly to a
close. AH the testimony is in, the in
structions have been given to the jury
and the speeches are being made. A ver
dict Is expected by to-morrow afternoon.
There is*no improvement in Youtsey's
condition, though he is not any worse to
day. Now and then the paroxysms return
and for an hour he is worse, but still able
to rally, showing remarkable vitality.
To-dav the defense nut H. Gardner Wal
lace onthe stand. He said he was in the
assistant adjutant general's ¦ office when
the shots were fired that killed Goebel.
and "Tallow Dick" Combs, Mason Hock
ersmith and Dr. Pruett were in the room
wlih him, and others whom he did noi
know.
• -• •¦
Testimony All Taken and
the Arguments Are
Being Made.
CLOSE OF THE
YOUTSEY CASE
William Paul Dillingham was born in
Waterbury December 12. 1^13. He at
tended the publfe schools, went to th<;
Newbury Seminary and to the Kimball
Union Academy at Meriden. N. H. He
rfad law with his brother-in-law. Matt
H. jCarpecter, in Milwaukee, from 1S64 to
MONTPELIER. Vt.. Oct. IS.—For
mer Governor W. P. Dilling
hnm was elected United States
Senator by the Vermont Legis
lature to-day. The choice was
rr.ade nn the third ballot. O. A. Prouty,
one of the four Republican candidates,
having withdrawn, and the Democratic
members, who previously bad voted for
Seneca HazeKor<. having decided to sup
port Di'.Iinpham.
1S«6. and then with his father. Governor
Paul Dillingham, at Waterbury, and was
admitted to the bar at the September
term. 1867, of the Washington County
Court. '.
Mr. Dillingham was elected State's At
torney for Washington County in 1S72 and
was re-electPd in 1S74. He represented
Waterbury in the House in 1876 and 1SS4
and was a Senator from his home county
in 1S78 to 1S80.
He wa? elected Governor by the largest
majority ever given in Vermont In the
year 1SSS. Since retinnc from that of
fice he has practiced law. He Is a
Methodist and the president of the board
of trustees of the Vermont Methodist
Seminary.
FORMER GOVERNOR W. P. DILLINGHAM. WHO HAS BEEN ELECT
ED UNITED STATES SENATOR BY THE LEGISLATURE OF VER
MONT. THE CHOICE BEING MADE ON THE THIRD BALLOT.
At Madison one of the largest crowds
fathered since the special train reached
outh Dakota greeted the speakers. Sen
ator Hanna, who spoke for about ten
minutes, repeated that statement he made
In Ohio that If he could be shown that
In a single Instance he had denied a hear
ing to one of his 6000 employes or had re
fused to consider any grievance presented
by a single man or a committee from a
labor organization he would resign from
the United States Senate, "because since
the Republican party has called meJonce
more to the responsible position of Wn
pp!ng the campaign I feel that -I have
the right and it is my duty to tell the
rt-ople of my country that when Mr.
Bryan and his demagogical supporter? go
before the people of this country and call
me a labor crusher that it is not true.
And I leave to the ladies whether I have
horns or not," said Mr. Hanna, amid
laughter.
SIOUX FALLS. S. D.. Oct. lS.-Woon
pocket turned out a large crowd to hear
the Republican leaders, many farmers
with their harvest hands driving in from
("stances of twenty miles. At Mitchell,
the county eeat of f)avison County, the
largest crowd had gathered since Senator
Hanna spoke at Madison, Wis. The meet
ing was made a gala day In Mitchell and
excursion trains from points within fifty
miles brought hundreds of outsiders. Here
Senator Hanna made an emphatic denial
of the reports concerning Governor Roose
velt's recent trip through the West. He
said:
I am torry that thoge who are leading: the
opposition have «o far forgotten the dignity
which eurrounds the high office of the Presi
dency of this *r«?at- nation as to descend, as
Mr. Bryan has. Into . personal abuse. I say It
Is an exhibition - of small appreciation of the
hiKh office to Tvrhlch he aspires to descend to
public lying from the rostrum every day. Why,
my friends, when Governor Roosevelt was in
your State— that young champion of liberty.' a
man who - has displayed his courage upon the
battlefield, a man who through all his public
life haa been devoted to the highest principles
of reform in government, a man whose chief
characteristics are known everywhere, his
nine Is known to be integrity and ability—
come of the slanderous speakers of this State
Insulted you by saying that Governor Roose
velt wa> intoxicated while he • was In South
Dakota. v .
At Alexandria and Brldewater similar
MADISON. Wis., Oct. IS.— The first stop
made by Senator Hanna's train to-day
was at Flandreau, where a big audience
had gathered, the crowd including 150
boys and girls from the Government In
dian Industrial School, located at Flan
dreau. and several former members of
Chief Little Crow's Sioux Band, who arc
now land-holders in this section. De
spite extreme hoarseness. Senator Hanna
made a rather extended address, taking
up the question of "Imperlalltm," moro
fully than he has yet discussed it, and
arguing that he whole issue was simply
an effort of Mr. Bryan and other Demo
cratic leaders to make political capital
out of the war with Spain, the full
credit for the successful conclusion, Sena
tor Hanna claimed, they, were afraid the
Republican party would receive. Sena
tor Frye also spoke a few words, as did
Mr. Dolliver. At Egan, the next station,
Mr. Hanna spoke for about five minutes.
"When, the election of next No
vember is over." i»aid- Mr. Hanna,
"there will be no moit' Bryanism. There
must always be two parties. An honest
difference on political and economic ques
tions must exist, but four years ago
Jeffersonian Democracy was defeated
through the ambition of a certain man
nnd the efforts of certain other men.
When Mr. Bryan suggested free silver as
an antidote for the evils existing four
years ago he found many listeners among
the many Republicans who were ready to
aocept any theory ; rather than ha\-e a
continuance of those times. But finally
McKinley was elected and that money
which will endure < the storms of all
finances is the foundation of your secur
ity. And we must admit that free silver
is not the remedy" for commercial and
financial troubles. Z*
Declares That After the Election
There Will Be No More of
Bryanism.
HANNA'S STRAIGHT TALK.
York to-day a serious quarrel
was precipitated in the Democratic or
ganization, with Frank Campbell, chair
man of the -Democratic State Committee,
in the center of the melee. Mr. Campbell,
who is in charge of Mr. Bryan's special
train, in an interview disparaged the ef
fect of the Democratic candidate's tour,
saying that the demonstrations en route
reminded him much of the gTeat reception
which David B. Hill received in 1S94, and
yet Hill was beaten for Governor by 150,
000. This statement from such a source
damages beyond " repair the Democratic
claims that they will carry the State for
Bryan by 30.000 plurality. So angry are
Mr. Bryan's local supporters that they
are talking of deposing Mr. ¦Campbell
from the State chairmanship.
Benjamin B.Odell Jr., chairman of the
Republican State Committee, amplified his
claim of 100,000 plurality for McKinley in
this State. It seems that Odell in his cal
culations is conceding 70,000 to Bryan in
Greater New York,-, although he does not
expect him to receive anything like that
vote. This means that the Republican
managers expect McKinley to "come down
to the Bronx" with 170,000 plurality.
President McKinley and his managers
are said to be considerably annoyed at
the attitude of high dignitaries in the
Catholic church. Influence seems to be
working against McKinley in ecclesiasti
cal circles in Maryland, Indiana and other
States, where there is a large Catholic
vote. This is due to the Philippine ques
tion, and Archbishop Corrigan is under
stood to have written letters ' from the
Philippines encouraging this opposition.
The President was astonished when he
learned this, because he had been expect
ing to have the quiet support of the Cath
i olic prelates.
United States Senator Lindser of Ken
tucky, who was a gold Democrat in 1S96.
came out squarely for McKinley and
Roosevelt last night. He - predicts the
flection of Yerkes, the Republican can
, didate for Governor of Kentucky, by a
tremendous majority, and says that the
State will give its electoral vote to Me
: Kinley. Wesly M. Oler of Baltimore pre
| diets that Maryland will give McKinley
20,000 plurality because of the money
issue.
Richard Croker to-night made a bet of
$10,000 to $40,000 on Bryan, the McKinley
end of the wager being taken by Jacob
Field. With one exception, this Is the
largest bet of the campaign. The excep
tion is the wager of $50,000 to $20,000. made
by Louis Wormser with Mr. Croker. The
bet was made at Delmonico's. Mr. Field
offered to give odds of 4 to 1 on McKinley,
and Jack McDonald, the bookmaker, who
had a torami3Pion from Mr. Croker, ac
cepted the proffer and agreed to take the
Bryan end for $10,000. As soon as the
matter was arranged. Mr. McDonald In
quired if there were any more McKinley
money to be had at the same odds.
"Yes." Mr. Field replied. "I have $3*».000
more to place at that figure." No other
wager was made.
A prominent New Jersey Judge to-day
wagered $5000 on Bryan against $20,000 on
McKinley with a well-known Wall-street
banker. For good. reasons the names of
the bettors were withheld.
NEW YORK. Oct. lS.-While Wil
liam Jennings Bryan was speak
ing in David B. Hill's political
strongholds in Central New
Special DiEpatch to The Call.
Betting Indicates the
Nebraskan Will Be
Snowed Under.
Chairman Campbell
Causes a Lively
Rumpus.
Dissension in Ranks
of New York
-¦ - Democrats. ,.
Former Governor of Vermont Elected by
Legislature on Third Ballot.
DILLINGHAM IS
CHOSEN SENATOR
SUITING THE ACTION TO THE WORD.
BRYAN'S TOUR MERELY IMPROVES THE
CHANCES OF McKINLEY IN EMPIRE STATE
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 19, 1900.
And works oft the cold. Laxative Bromo-Qul
nlne Tablets cure a cold Id one da}*. No cure,
no'.piur. Price 25 cent*. . . ; , •
Stops the Cough
WASHINGTON. Oct." 18.— There Is some
talk here to-night pf ex-Vice President
Levi P. Morton as the third member on
the part of the United States on The
Hague' International Board. .Mr. Morton
saw. the .President torday, but at the
White House neither confirmation nor de?
nlal was obtainable. .v- :.' -J, . .
Morton as an Arbitrator.
2
The Hub
STEIN-BLOCH CO.'S
CELEBRATED
STYLISH CLOTHES
READY-TO-rUT-ON.* .
THIS SEASON"S STYLES
NOW READY.
Exclusive
Hlgh-Grade
Clothiers
HACKETT. CARHART & CO.'S
NEW YORK
FASHIONABLE CLOTHES
THE-MOMENT-
YOL'-UAXT-THEM
STYLES READY NOW.-'
PARAGON PANTS
ON SALE ONLY, HERE. ;
\TJ KEARNYST.
10 M TKURLOW BLOCK.
(CHAS. KEILUS & CO.)
I You see we mention our $1.30 hat quite often; because
I it seems to be such a favorite— that is, a favorite with every- j
I body who is in the habit of paying up to $2. 50 or so for their I
hh'ats. It is a favorite because it equals the usual $2.50 hat I
I sold about town in exclusive stores. Three styles — Derbys, !
I Fedoras and Gsecos — in the same blocks and colors as ycu j
I find in thevery expensive hats. New fall shipment came in I
1 1 Fen Ladies— the popular Ladysmlth hat and Fedora. We have
I I them in three colors — zray, steel blue and Oxford, with pugrees In most
I any color or combination desired; these very sam* hats are being sold to-
day In San Francisco In many stores for 52.50, but we are selling them at
Out-of-town orders filled — write as. jj
ITT V^^ '; J
718 Market Street. jj
La — JCHEYENNE. Wyo., Oct. IS.— General J.
W. Fisher died at his home j in this city
to-day At the age of 86 years. General
Fisher/was one of Wyoming's pioneers,
coming to Cheyenne in 1871 as Associate
Justice of the Territorial Court. He was
appointed by President Grant. Ho was
afterward Chief Justice of the Supreme
Court for over eight years. His war rec
ord was particularly brilliant, rising from j
the ranks of volunteers to be brigadier |
general. At the battle of Bethesda j
Church he had supreme command of the
Union forces. He leaves a family of
three sons and one daughter, together
with numerous grandchildren.
Professor Joseph Whiteley.
SALT LAKE, Utah, Oct. IS.— Professor
safely be placed in the Republican col
umn this fall. The Republican Electors
¦will have majorities ranging from 1000 to
2000, while Mondell. Republican candidate
for Congress, will defeat Thompson, Dem
ocrat, by from 1500 to 2500 majority. The
Legislature will be strongly Republican,
which means the return of Francis E.
"Warren to the United States Senate.
Warren's election is conceded by the
Democrats. There are no other Republi
can candidates in the field for the Sen
atorshlp and none other is being consid
ered in connection with the Senatorial
contest. Two years ago the Democrats
were represented In the State Legislature
with less than ten, and this year, it ls be
lieved, they will not even have that many.
Rabhi Heyman Schwarz.
HOUSTON, Tex.. Oct. 18.— Rabbi Hey
man Schwarz, a well-known Jewish litter
ateur, died to-day, aged 76. He had an In
ternational reputation as a writer on the
Jewish religion.
Joseph Whlteley, M.A., principal of the
Salt Lake School of Law, dropped dead
out of his chair after finishing lunch at
the Brandt Cafe this afternoon, the im
mediate cause of his death being hemorr
hace of the brain. Professor Whiteley
was well known throughout the State as
being a scholar of rare attainments and
as at one time being connected with the
State University faculty, ne was an M.A.,
having taken his degree at Oxford Uni
versity, England, and before coming to
Utah he was a clergyman in the Church
of England.
AMERICA MAKES
A FINE SHOWING
AT EXPOSITION
Archbishop John Ireland
Tells of the Good That
Will Result.
Wondrous Natural Resources and the
Industrial Products Are Wow-
Known to the World as
Never Before.
"The wondrous natural resources in
which America abounds and her industrial
products are known to the world as never
before. Already, as I heard from exhibit
ors, a strong cu-mand has set in for the
products of her fields and of her work
shops artd the pronts accruing from such
demand more than cover to-day the ex
penses of participation in the exposition.
"It is seen ana understood now in the
world so clearly that they who run may
read that there lies between the Atlantic
and Pacific a country of astonishing
achievements and of possibilities yet more
astonishing.
"A new era has set In for us In our
co:»wnercial and diplomatic relations.
With the opening of the twentieth century
America steps into the front rank of na
tions and none there are who refuse to her
the place she is entitled to. For all this a
large award of praise must be allotted to
her part in the Paris Exposition.
"In several American sections of the ex
position everything is gathered that would
g-o to make America known to the world.
Agricultural, forestry and mining exhib
its set out her rich natural resources, a
display of manufactured articles allow no
doubt of the unrivaled achievements of
this country's Industrial genius, while the
educational and fine art exhibits illustrate
to the surprise and wonderment of stran
gers its political and social conditions,
"The. total number of awards allotted to
America is 2204, of which 215 are grand
prizes 547 gold medals. 503 silver medals,
501 bronze medals and 348 honorable men
tions.
"The total number of awards to Ger
many is 2GS9. those to Russia 29S5 and
those to Great Britain and Ireland 2959."
"The results from America's participa
tion in the exposition are summed up,"
says the Archbishop, "in an increased
commerce with foreign nations, Increased
investments of foreicn capital in her
mines, railroads and industrial enterprises,
and last, but certainly not least, in the
increased esteeem In which we will hence
forward be held by foreign nations.
NEW YORK, Oct. IS.— Archbishop John
Ireland of St. Paul, just returned from an
extended trip abroad, gave to-day his im
pressions of America's showing at the
Paris Exposition. The prelate took a fa
vorable view of this, and said that Amer
ica had taken a great stride forward in
the estimation of other nations.
Special Dlsnatch to The Call.
CHEYENNE, Wyo., Oct. IS.— From tue
best information at band, Wyoming may
FORECAST FROM WYOMING.
Tin* limit ntlll belli* off, Mr. Bru
nei-** attention wn * directed to the
dtprnillennt fnct thnt tlie bill' came
out of the committee nnd heican to
move nlonK with nrrent celerity on
February 10. He wan nuked If the
payment- by. .eheclc' dated February
14 accounted for the.% increased en
ergr« He replied, with . merry,
When he was asked if he received $250
from Captain Barrett he said he did re
ceive It. He was asked if he gave Dibble
$100. He repplied, "I did not pay Dibble
one dollar," and' added: "Yes, that is for
publication. I authorize you to say that I
did not pay Dibble a dollar and did not
tell Captain Barrett that Dibble would
charge J100."
When the "confidential limit" was off
Mr. Bruner was asked this question: "If
you had paid - Dibble $100. $1000 or any
other sum for the Committee on Rules
would you acknowledge the fact of such
payment?"
-Mr.. Bruner replied: "I would tell you
that it was none of your business, or I
would say nothing. If under the same
circumstance I had paid you, what would
you think of me for telling of it? • Wouldn't
you consider me a ?"
The Governor had objections to the bill,
but Elwood Bruner had no objection to an
interview. The "confidential limit" was
put on or off. "When he said everything
that he had a mind to say in confidence
he was asked to speak for publication.
He was not hurried. Time was given him
to change his gait. ,
The Governor's objection to the bill .was
discovered .by the friends of the measure.
The Senatorial contest of the regular ses
sion was then pending. Senators Rowell
and Flint, who were voting against Burns,
•were advocates of the bill, and Thomas R.
Bard, ¦who was subsequently elected
United States Senator, was president of
the oil company of which Frank Barrett
was manager. It Is said that intelligence
reached the Governor's office that Messrs.
Bard, Flint and Rowell desired the ap
proval of the bill, hence Governor Gage
pocketed it.
What Prompted the Holding of the
Bill When It Reached the
Governor.
WHY IT WAS P0CXETED.
Ayes— Senators Bettman, Bulla, Chapman,
Currier, Curtln, Cutter, Dwyer, Feeney, Jones,
I^a Rue. MaKganl. Morehouse, Nutt, Pace,
I^sJc. now<-ll, Shortrldgre, Simpson. Smith,
Stratum. Taylor, Trout and . Wolf e— 23.
Noes — None.
The question belncr on the passage of the bill.
The roll was called and Assembly bill No.
629 finally passed by the following vote:
Assembly bill No. 629.
In Senate. March 18, 1S99.
Ayes — Messrs. Atherton, Barry, Belshaw,
Blood. Boynton, Brown, Burnett, Camlnettl,
Carglll, Cobb, Conrey, Cosper, Cowan, Dale,
De Lancie, Dibble, Dunlap, Falrweather, Fellz,
Greenwell. Hanley. Henry, Hoey, Huber, Jll
fon, • Johnson, Kelley, Kelsey, Kenneally,
Knights. Knowland. La Barrf, Le Barron.
iAin.-lnutst. Marvin, McDonald of Alameda, Mc-
Donald of Tuolumne, MeKeen, Mead, Mellck,
Merrill. Merrltt, Miller of Los Angeles, Miller
of San Francisco, Pierce, Raub, Rlckard, Rob
inson. Sanford, Stewart. Eugene ¦ Sullivan. E.
I>. Sullivan, Valentine, Wade. White and
Works — D6.
Noes— None.
In Aspembly. March 13, 1S99.
The question being upon the final passage of
the bill.
The roll was called and the bill passed by
the followln— vote:
The measure seems to have been good
In the eyes of every one but the Governor,
Here ls the record on the final passage
In each house:
March 29— Pocketed.
On March 13, In the Assembly, a motion
was made to amend. The motion was car
ried and the bill was amended. On the
fame day the motion to amend was recon
sidered and Mr. Cowan was given unani
mous consent to withdraw his Amend
ment. The amendment was to strike out
"all after the •word 'line' " and Insert in
lieu thereof the following: "Is guilty of
a misdemeanor,"
Assembly — March 18, In Assembly to en
rollment; reported correctly enrolled, and
to Governor.
He was asked if he did not expend the
money to overcome the obstacles inter
posed by the committee on rules but
standing on his rights as a lawyer, he de
clined to say anything regarding the dis
bursement. Special stress was laid on the
privileges enjoyed by an attorney
When asked •¦ If the chairman of the
committee on rules under such prlvllpireq
would be Justified In accepting a fee of
$100 to advance a bill, he declined to ex
press an opinion. He fancied that the
committee on rules as now constituted
was a new thing in the Legislature, and
he remarked that such a committee did
not exist when he was in the Legislature
If masterlystyle of evasion in commun
ications other than those of a confidential
character be regarded as a desirable at
tribute of a disbursing agent in the leg
islature-Mr. '. Bruner. may be. commended
to those who . have secret business to
transact with the legislators.
When the limit was taken off the attor
ney explained that the bill was blocked,
but he would not admit that it was block
ed by Dibble and the chairman of the
Judiciary committee. He ascribed much of
the blocking to the Indifference of Fair
weather, who had another bill ahead- of
the oil measure, and' the perversity of
Senator Rowell. It was shown to Mr.
Bruner that the bill was not "held up" in
the Senate. His attention was time and
again cited to the fact attested by ! the
history of the measure that the bill went
to the Senate on March 13 and was finallv
passed on March 18. When there was no
argument to offer to sustain his position
regarding delay in the Senate Mr. Bruner
disputed the correctness of the history
and lamented the lack of generosity unon
the part of Captain Barrett. When press
ed for an answer as to whether the delay
was not caused by the Committee on
Rules the attorney said he could not spur
£ P Q .™ lr T£ ather tO a v. CtlV 1! y - Th0 dormant
Pairweather was the theme of a pro
tracted spell of eloquence. Mr. Bruner ad
mitted for publication that he knew Dib
ble by sight and had heard 'that therp
was a committee on rules.
Elwood Bruner Insisted that he had a
right, as attorney to expend the $230 as he
pleased to advance the bill, and that he
was. authorized by Captain Barrett to use
his own Judgment in the disbursement
Moreover, Mr. Bruner asserted that more
than $250 was expended. When asked
how It was expended he answered- "That
is my business as an attorney, and not
BILL WAS BLOCKED.
Fair-weather and Rowell Blamed by
Bruner for Impeding Its
Progress.
There were many little Incidents con
nected with the progress of the bill that
he did not care to discuss for publication,
which he desired to refer to in order to
make his course clear. There were ref
erences to delays caused by Senator Row
ell and Assemblyman Falrweather He
said frankly that he regarded his employ
ment by Captain Barrett as perfectly
legitimate. He spoke also of having been
letained as counsel for Public Administra
tors and being in a position to assist Can
tain Barrett in the oil legislation. lie i
vas strong in the contention that he ex- j
ponded more energy and time than $250 I
voulo. pay for In Captain Barrett's oil
bill. Mr. Bruner recollected that he wrote
and wired to Captain Barrett, but he was
not sure that he asked for more money
He had the impression that he asked for
additional payment.
The attorney, when asked If the Com
mittee on Rules, Dibble chairman, wanted
another $100, replied that he did not pay
L>lbble a cent. He further remarked:
And if you say in The Call that I said
that Dibble was paid $100 by me I will
have the statement contradicted by everv
paper in the State." *
The limit was put on to get some Idea
why Mr. Bruner at first taxed Captain
Barrett $50 when they were at the theater
and subsequently raised the amount to
$250. The captain and Mr. Bruner agree
that $50 was the sum mentioned in the box !
at the theater. " |
eneriry.
langhter, that vrn* Indeed refresh-
Ins, that the receipt of the check I
cr.uncd him to work with renewed I
Assembly— February 3, read first time,
to print; February 6. from printer; Feb
ruary 7, to committee; February 16, from
committee, with recommendation "Do
pass"; February 25, read second time anti
ordered engrossed: February 27, reported
correctly engrossed; March 13, read third
tl«je, passed, title approved, to Senate
Senate— March 14, in Senate, read flnt
time and ordered on special file; March
17. read second time and to third reading-
March IS, road third time and to Assem
bly.
Assembly Bill 629. Passed the Assembly
March 13, 1SW, passed the Senate March
18. 1S99.
Arrived.
Soon as the $250 Check
RECORD OF THE "RTT.T.
How It Leaped Up on the Files as
In order that readers may nee the story
In the light of the record, the official hls
tory a { *£? h ) n ls here Presented. The
record will add zest to the interview.
The Call fancied that El wood Bruner's
version of the legislative transaction
would be acceptable, hence a visit was
paid to him in Sacramento. That hl<»
memory might be refreshed, several in
cidents mentioned in the foregoing let
ters were called to mind. When he could
not recall distinctly when the bill
halted and when It Jigged merrily aJonsr
from the Assembly to the Senate and
then from the upper to the lower branch
cf the Legislature, Th<s Call's representa
tive submitted for his private view a
history of the bill taken from the duly
attested official records.
When Mr. Bruner was told that ho
might make a confidential statement,
which would not be punlished without ht3
consent, he availed himself of the privi
lege. He was permitted t6 refresh his
memory with the official history in the
heart t<^ heart talKs and was allowed
ample opportunity to explain the cause
of the celerity in the movement of the
bill Immediately after the receipt of the
check.
I employed KSwooil limner Enq,
as .-attorney to prepare a bill for the
protection of oil pipe line*', for
uliic-li I pnifl htm *."»<(. Within a dn.v
or ma Mr. limner informed me tltnt
there were no ninny lilll* nhend of
mine that it would lie impoNslhlo to
have it pn*me<l unleen I- would em
ploy — — — — » , <"lni I rmiiii of
Jodirlar)- Committee, nnd Dibble,
vrho tvni* chairman of Committee on
HnlfH, and each one would charge
?lM0t Acting on hi* advice I gave
-Mr. limner my cheek for the amount
TO PAV TIII2M. I received neveral
communication* from -Mr. Urnner
ftuhnpquent to my giving the check,
both by Mire and by mail, ASKlVi
FOH MORE .MOXEV, bat I did not rc
>poud.
I will FMteem it na a favor if yon
will preserve tlie ch«rk and return
to me, an I inn j need It In the fu
ture. Verj- truly- j-«ur«,
FRANK DARRETT.
In another letter Captain Barrett
¦writes:
IV. §. Lenke I><>.. Malinger Call —
Dear Sin I Inelome check (riven El
nnod Brnncr. Thin elieclc I garr
him Id Wentern Hotel, Sacramento,
betns F.-.o for hlmnelf, jjtlOO for
.9100 for Dibble.
P.VLO AI/TO, Cal. r 1O-1S-OO.
Correspondence That Told How Bills
Could Be Hurried Through.
SOME INTERESTING LETTERS.
This check was given for reproduction
after repeated and earnest requests were
made for its use In this respect. Captain
Barrett's language In forwarding it is
concise and pointed:
Bank of Central California, Fresno.- The
Call presents a photograph of the check.
Our readers are assured that there is no
malice In the presentation, but there is
no denial of special delight' in having a
prize package to present to the citizens
of the Forty-first Assembly District.
Submits Five Distinct Proposals as. a Basis ior the Pros
pective Peace Negotiations.
Recognizes Right of
Nations to Obtain
Redress.
In Turn Insists on the
Withdrawal of
Troops.
PARIS, Oct. 18 -Russia. Austria. Ger
many and Great Britain having already
replied affirmatively to M. Delcasse's
note, he Is notifying the powers of the
acreptance of the first note, and is ask
ing each of them to instruct its Minis
ter at Peking to begin peace negotia
tions. Favorable replies are expected
from all. M. Pinchon. the French Minis
ter at Peking, therefore, has been in-
Ftrurted to place himself i n touch with
the Embassadors and Chinese emissaries
for the purpose of opening negotiations
at the earliest moment.
Opening Peace Negotiations.
M. Delcasse Beginning Work of
BERLIN) Oct. 18.— Emperor William ha.«
written to Prince Hohenlohe an auto
graph letter, yielding to the Chancellor's
request for re'.lef from his official duties
and expressing the warmest thanks for
bis fidelity, distinguished pervices, self
sacrificing devotion and unvarying faith
fulness. The retirement of Prince Ho
her.lohe is the principal theme of dlscus
plon here. The Agrarian and Liberal press
say the Chancellorship has practically
long been vacant. The press generally
adopts an expectant attitude and there is
murh curiosity as to Count von Bulow's
policy In respect to the Prussian Diet and
the imperious demands of the Junker
squirearchy. The general feeling Is that
a strone. young statesman becomes the
re^nonslble chief in command of the state
and empire.
ACCEPTANCE OF FEANCE'S NOTE
Exact details as to Baron von Stern
burg's recall are impossible to obtain, as
none of the officials of the German em
bassy will talk about the matter, and the
State Department does not seem to be
fully advised on the subject. It Is known,
however, that Baron von Sternburg, while
endeavoring to carry out the several in
structions he had received, presented pro
posals to this Government in a more con
ciliatory fashion than the Berlin author
ities had contemplated. BeinK on the
ground. Baron von Sternburg appreciated
that It would be advisable in the interest
of harmonious relations between both
governments for him to be less positive
than his instructions required.
Count von Bulow's appointment as
Chancellor in succession of Prince Hohen
lohe was to-day officially confirmed by
7.1 r. Jackson. American Charge d' Affaires
in Berlin. Mr. Jackson added that "no
crisis and no change in policy of the Gov
ernment is probable." It seems to be the
general Impression that the chance is not
significant, for the reason that Count von
Bulow's advice has been that which
has KTUided the Emperor in the Chinese
policy pursued. It If thought likely that
Count von Bulow will continue the policy
already Inaugurated of endeavoring to ac
complish the aims which are set forth in
the several notes he has written, and which
to the officials here are all the more Im
portant in view of the action taken in the
ense of Baron von Sternburg.
Baron von Sternburg left New York on
the steamer Deutsehland last Tuesday for
Berlin. Among ;he friends of Baron von
Sternburg in the official circle here deep
purprise was felt when the news of his re
moval from Washington was first noised
about. His relations with the administra
tion were of a most cordial character and
the officials generally conceded that he
was doine much to make a satisfactory
solution in China possible.
CALL BUREAU. WELLINGTON HO
TEL, WASHINGTON. Oct. 18.— Distrust
of Germany's attitude in China has been
revived as a result of information re
ceived here, showing the hostility of the
Berlin Government to the policy of concil
iation in the settlement of the Far East
ern Question. It was learned to-day on
high authority that the recall of Baron
Speck von Sternburg, German Charge
dAffaires, was due to this efforts to
smooth the road looking to a prompt and
peaceful solution of the Chinese troubles.
Germany's Chinese Policy.
Baron Von Sternburg's Recall Due to
DISTRUST IS BEVTVED.
The President is expected to designate
in a fevi- days Minister Conger and per
haps General Wilson as the American
peace neg-otiators. No one will be sent
fr*om the United States. ..-./, .^ * .
The President's answer to Kwang Hsu's
letter was a perfunctory acknowledgment
of thanks for the expression of gratitude
on the part of the Chinese Emperor and
of his purpose to facilitate the negotia
tions for peace as much as possible.
So far as evident, the proposals are
general suggestions only. They are some
what similar to the French proposals re
cently considered in that they are intend
ed to comprise a programme which will
guide the negotiators in effecting a settle
ment. While China recognizes the right
of the powers tc demand the punishment
of the guilty, ehe calls attention to the
punishment alreedy meted out to the re
epons'ble authors of outrages and to the
purpose underlying this action to admin
ister strict Justice. She aJso recognizes
that the powers should be Indemnified,
but to what extent and In what manner
are to be determined by the negotiations.
The mciFt Important feature of the pro
posal, perhaps, is the fact that China rec
ognlzes the right of the powers to Insist
upon guarantees against a recurrence of
the trouble and 10 demand reparation in
the ¦way of punishment of the responsible
authors of the outrages and proper in
demnity.
But China does not propose to let the
powers have it all their own way, and
Ehe in her turn is said to insist upon the
withdrawal of the troops. No reference
is made to the native Christians, this be
ir.g a detail which will be discussed dur
ing: the negotations.
In advance of a consultation among the
powers on the Chinese proposals the au
thorities are Jisincllned to make public
the character of the propositions sub
mitted to them. It is understood, how
ever, that there are five distinct propo
sals made, and in European diplomatic
quarters they are regarded to some ex
tent as fair and reasonable.
pective peace negotiations. The
substance of these proposals was com
municated to this Government by Minister
Cor.ger. who received them from Prince
Chins and Li Hung Chang. Minister Wu.
who called at the State Department this
morning to receive the answer of the
President to tho communication of the
Emperor of China, discussed the action of
his Government with Secretary Hay. As
a result of this action, considered by offi
cials as a most important development,
another advance has been made in the
settlement of the Chinese trouble.
CALL BUREAU. WELLINGTON
HOTEL. WASHINGTON. Oct. IS.
— China has submitted proposals
to the powers ae a basis of pros-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHINA BOYS TO THE WILL
OF THE WORLD'S POWERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAM/; FRIDAY, OCTOBER 19,^1900.
SUN TAT SEX, LEADER OF TWO PREVIOUS OUTBREAKS IN SOUTH
ERN CHINA. WHO .hAS AGAIN RAISED THE STANDARD OF RE
VOLT SOUTHWEST OF SHANGHAI.
Continued From First Page.
DIBBLE AGAIN THE CENTER OF A LEGISLATIVE SCANDAL
General J. W. Fisher.
3
718 Market Street.
We fill all mail orders promptly and carefully. We have one department whose only
work is to fill out-of-town orders and correspond with these customers. We would be
pleased to have your name on our mailing list
$3.50 a su|t
front vestee and detachable shield, others with ves-
tee buttoned in back ; suits come variously trimmed,
presenting an assortment that will appeal to every
wool goods in tweeds and
All-wool fast blue che-
viot suits, made up similar
to the above, except that
the pants are not lined, but
have double seats and
knees, thus making them
quite durable. These suits
are also #£.oo.
Vestee Suits
Ages.} to. 8 years; all-
$5.00
Ages io to i^ years; ma-
terial is an all-wool Scotch
tweed, three-button,round-
cornered sack coat, made
up in a neat, natty style ;
also a nobby double-
breasted vest ; knee pants
lined throughout; seams
taped, making them strong;
price of the suit,
Three- Piece Suits
Plenty of mirrors where the boy can see how
he likes the clothes .himself. Reception room for
ladies, where the late magazines and papers are
on file.
Boys' Clothing
It is a pleasure for mothers to purchase clothing
in this department. They can bring the boys and
we can fit them out with everything they wear ex-
cept shoes. One large, light and airy salesroom,
with every convenience, devoted exclusively to
boys' wear.
Every garment is guar-
anteed. If you are dis-
pleased with the clothes
through some fault return
them and get your money
back ; every garment kept
in good repair free for one
year.
They come in the fash-
ionable fall weaves ; the
suits in blue serge and
green, brown, chocolate
and Oxford effects, the
overcoats in tan coverts,
cheviots, kerseys, Oxfords,
and the other usual over-
coat materials.
We are wholesale manufacturers and employ union
men in our workshops to make our ready-to-wear
clothing. The union- made, ready made suit and over-
coat, which we picture here, are such as we have for
Good materials are, of course, necessary in making
good clothes, but a great deal depends upon the work-
manship.- It takes first-class labor to give clothes style
and make them wear. The only first- class labor in the
world is union labor.
IHaoLWl lldilUo
SN\VOOD&(D
\J L'JLJ.W'^? J. JL J. &JL %s pL^ V
ADVERTISEMENTS. ¦Address a Large. Audience on Issues
of the Campaign.
FRESNO, Oct. 18.— Chairman Sims of
the Democratic State Central Committee
and Mtyor Phelan of San Francisco spoke
to a large audience at Kutner Hall to
night on the issues of the campaign. Mr.
Sims took the platform first and made a
lengthy speech, reviewing the currency
question, imperialism and the tariff.
Mayor Phelan was greeted with prolonged
applause. He devoted most of his time
to the Philippine question, denouncing the
policy of the administration in the islands
es contrary to the spirit of the constitu
tion and Declcratlon of Independence. He
said the acquisition of the islands by the
United States was morally, politically and
industrially* wrong. The speaker com
pared the Uniteel States under McKinley's
administration to Rome under Caesar smd
France under Napoleon, and predicted
that if persisted in the policy inaugurated
by the administration would eventually
meet the fato suffered by those nations.
Phelan spoke for nearly two hours.
METCALF SPEAKS AT VALLEJO
nee Addresses a Large
Audience.
The Republican Congressional Nomi-
VALLEJO, Oct. 18.— Chairman Hathe
way of the Republican County Commit
tee presided over what was probably the
greatest Republican demonstration Va
llejo will see during the campaign, and a
rousing demonstration it was. Victor H.
Metcalf, Republican nominee for Con
gress from this district, was the speaker
of the evening. He set forth sound .Re
publican principles In a masterly way and
kept the immense throng- who gathered to
witness the . demonstration in a most
happy mood, and frequently invoking
hearty rounds of applause.
J. J. Luchsinger, the nominee for re
election as State Senator, and.Alden An
derson, who seeks re-election as Assem
blyman, also spoke on the issues of the
campaign. '
m — —
MEETING AT PASO ROBLES.
Speeches Made by Judge Evans and
Charles Asmussen.
PASO ROBLES, Oct. 18.— Judge O. P.
Evans of San Francisco and Charles As
mussen of Stanford University opened the
Democratic campaign in this county last
night in addresses to the. voters. The
opera-house was crowded with an audi
ence full of enthusiasm for the Bryan
cause. L. J. Beckett, Democratic can
didate for the Assembly, spoke at length
upon local issues, followed by Judge
Evans, who, after discussing the prin
ciples of government and the campaign,
paid a glowing tribute to Bryan. Charles
Asmussen, Stanford's prize orator, held
the attention of the audience for an hour,
speaking upon the issues of the day. His
speech was" frequently Interrupted by ap
plause. * ¦ ¦• *';
ENTHUSIASM AT NEVADA.
NEVADA CITY, Oct. 18.— United States
Senator Perkins addressed an immense
Republican meeting at the theater here
to-night. The arguments advanced by the
speaker were received with unbounded
enthusiasm, the distinguished speaker be
ing frequently interrupted with cheer3
and applause. He spoke mainly upon the
questions of expansion, labor and finances.
The 800 people present, among whom were
many Democrats, all remained to the
close of the meeting., Hon. F.M. Preston
presided. Among the vice presidents on
the stage was William Coyne,' manager
here for Towlc . Bros. Lumber Company,
who has always heretofore been an un
compromising Democrat, but is now out
working for the entire Republican ticket.
Democratic Rally.
PASADENA, Oct. 18.— William Graves
of San Luis Obispo, candidate for, Con
gress from- the" Sixth District, and E. C.
Farnsw'orth of Visalia addressed the first
Democratic meeting of the campaign at
the- Wigwam to-nignt. Five hundred
people attended.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE. Oct. IS.— John Henyon, an
aged ranch laborer, met with a serious
accident on the Uvas Creek, six miles
from Almaden, last Monday, and when
found he was in a demented and de
lirious state and perishing from thirst.
For forty-eight hours he had lain at the
bottom of a steep embankment and,
bruised and bleeding, he was unable to
move and get a: drink of water, although
a sparkling stream ran within twelve feet
of where he lay and in plain view.
Henyon. who is 70. years old. is a pio
neer of this county. He works about the
ranches during the summer and in the
winter makes his home at Eugene Parr'a
ranch on the Uvas. Last Monday morn
ing he set out for Parr's place from this
city on foot. The old man was given a
ride until within a short distance of the
Parr place. Here he took a short cut of
half a mile through the hills. In follow
ing the bank of the Uvas Creek Henyon
tripped on a small stone and plunged
twelve feet over an embankment, landing
on the sharp rocks below. He was bruis
ed and hurt internally. For a time he
lay unconscious. He was unable to move
hands or limbs and his cries for help were
wasted. Hunger and thirst were soon
felt. After the old man had lain exposed
in his condition for forty-eight hours Mr.
Parr found a bundle of clothes where he
had fallen over the embankment and
took them home.
t-pfcial r>i«=:atch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ, Oct. IS.— Pleasure gave
way to#lmsiness and the entire day of the
High Court of the Independent Order of
Foresters to-day has been devoted en
tirely to High Court work.
The following was adopted to be sent
to the supreme chief ranger, Dr. Oron
hyatekha, who is in Europe:
'•Resolved. T.iat the High Court ex
tends fraternal greetings to Supreme
Chief Ranger Brother Dr. Orouhyatekha
wishing him continued good health and
success in his efforts to increase the great
est possible growth of the order every
where, but especially in new fields where
our fc?.nner has been unfurled since the
last convocation.
"Resolved. That the High Court ex
bereby extended to the supreme chief
raneer to visit this High Court of Cali
fornia at the next annual session."
Tr.e officers elected this morning were:
High ohiot ranger. Hon. George A. Mc-
Klfresh of Los Angeles; high past chief
ranger. Dr. F. M. Parker of Los Angeles;
high vice chief ranger, O. S. Cooper of
Valiejo; high secretary, W. H. Perry of
Los Angeles; high treasurer, W. E.
Reavis of Ix>s Angeles; high court physi
cian. Dr. F. W. Browning of Hay wards;
high chancellor. E. Franklin Allen, Liver
more; high auditors, J. C. Jameson of
Oakland. George \V. Hood of Los Angeles.
Chico and San Diego were in the field
for the next High Court. Chico was
chosen by a large vote.
The last order of business was the in
stallation of officers by Supreme Chief
Ranger E. A. Mack of San Francisco and
Supreme Deputy Duckworth of Monterey,
assisted by Supreme Marshal Rouse of
San Francisco.
NEW EVIDENCE FOUND
AGAINST JACK ORTEGA
This evening at the Odd Fellows* Hall,
Gilroy deprrev team, in gorgeous Oriental
robes, conferred the Oriental degree upon
about sixty candidates. The degree team
was: Padishah. J. \\*. Thaver; grand
vizier. John Fitzgerald; grand prophet,
N. Hoover; grand pasha, Elmer Lewis;
grand herald, A. A. St. Clair; G. A. I\,
G. P. Hay; grand recorder, Ralph Zuck;
prand wardsman, Willis Eustice. To
morrow a grand barbecue and bullshead
dinner will be held at Boulder Creek.
Witness Will Swear He Saw Little
Grace Gamble and the Accused •
in a Bug^y.
SAN JOSE. Oct. 18.— Some strong evi
dence was given against "Jack" Ortega
to-day. J. M. Gamble, the father of the
girl assaulted, was the first witness on
the stand. He was followed by Dr. White
and Dr. Van Dalsem, who testified to the
nature of assault. Detective Haley told
of Grace Gamble Identifying Ortega as
her assailant and the arrest of Ortega. •*
Joe Gomez was the most important wit
ness. He s£w Ortega's horse and buggy
pass under an electric light near the scene
of assault. There was a man and little
girl m .the buggy. He was sure it was
Ortega's rig, but was not certain of the
parties in the buggy.
. Chief of Police Kidward has a surprise
he will spring on the defense He has
discovered evidence that will positively
e-onvlct Ortega. A reputable witness has
been found who says he saw Ortega and
Grace Gamble in the. buggy together.
They r>assed. within eight feet of him.
Another witness will testify that he also
saw Ortega leave the vicinity.
Mining Property Sold.
REDDING, Oct. 18.— The Old Colony
Company, composed of New York and
Chicago capitalists, with San Francisco
offices in the Parrott building, has pur
chased the Paige group of mines on Cleai
Creek, Shasta County, and bonded several
other valuable properties In Shasta and
Trinity counties. The erection of ample
works will be commenced immediately.
The well-known mining engineer. Baron
I>eo von - Rosenberg:, is actively engaged
in the examination of the different prop
erties secured by the company. The di
rectors of the Old Colony Company are:
Theodore F. Brett, with Marshall Field &
Co., Chicago; Henry B. Twombly of Put
ny, Twombly & Putny, New York; FJil
ward V»\ Stifel of J. U Stifel &. Sons,
Wheeling. \V. Va.; William R. A. Wil
son Peoria. 111.; George H. Proctor. New
York; Charles L. Paige, San Francisco;
A. L. Scharps, New York.
Valuable Package Taken From, a
Warehouse at Nome.
GOLD DUST STOLEN.
TACOMA, Oct. 18.— Tha 'steamer. Lane
brings from Jsome the news that $20,01)0
In gold dust was stolen from the Alaska
Commercial Company's warehouse Sep
tember 14. It was the entire output of
claim No. 7 on Anvil Creek and belonged
to Dr. A. N. Klttelson." It* was in five
boxee, weighing 105 pounds, and only
awaiting the departure of some reliable
Terrible Suffering of John Henyon,
an Aged Man, Who Fell Down
the Bank of TJvas
Creek.
DYING OF THIRST
IN SIGHT OF WATER
KjifcUi Dispatch to The Call.
ANTKK'll. Oct. IS.— As New Orleans
express No. 7 pulled into Berenda a shoot
iryr scrape and 'cutting affray occurred
between a p.-^ssenfrtT- and brakeman.
which more than likely will terminate in
the df-ath of the passenger.
A man about 37 yean of age boar<l«i
the train at Fros-no with .i ticket for Ma
dera. He wss very much under the inllu
enc* of liquor, ar.d when the trainmen in
formed him that he- had arrived at his
destination ne refused to get off the train:
The trainmen then ejected him from the
csj-. but he climbed on the rear platform
while the train was in motion. The train
was brought to a standstill sgain and E.
H. Hundley and G. M. Frisbie, brakemc-n,
uijain attempted to put him off. He be
came renr aijusjve, cursing them, and at
last reached into his pocket and secured
a poc-ke-t knife, with which he stabbed
Brakeman Hunciky in the arm and at
temptt-'i .to rut hi? throat.
Hundley pot aw&y train him and rushed
into a Puliman in search of a weapon to
defend blmfcelt, One of the passengers
handed him aj revolver ;t:id he shot the
drunken passenger through the nose. The
second phot missed, but the third bullet
firuek the obstreperous pass^ngtr in the
breast, ranging downward. The man stood
for a it-v: seconds with blood streaming
from his (rounds, then staggered and fell
to the ground.
The nian who was shot was a stranger
to all on buard the tr-rfin, and his name
could not fc<? learned. He was a man of
powerful frame, very tall, and in his
drunken condition was quarrelsome. All
tbe j.ass*'nR«*rs v.ho witnessed 'he affair
unh'-sitatinply d<^ciare that Brakeman
Hundley was Justified in shooting him, as
it was sin art of self-defense.
Brakeman Hundley was arrested by of
lii'<-ts at Berenda and -taken from the
-.rain. The passenger who vras shot • was
Jcft at Uerenda, where an examination
was mudo of his wounds.
WOODS AT PLACERVLLLE.
Closes a . Successful Campaign in
El Dorado County. ;
PLACERVILLE. Oct. IS.— Sam D.
Woods, Republican candidate 'for Con
gr^pp In this district, finished" his cam-.
paign of El Dorado County to-night at
Georgetown; where he addressed a lar^e
mooting of minors.
Last night Mr. Woods spoke at Placer
vilhe. addressing one o" the largest politi
cal catherir.ps ever seen here, many belnff
unable to obtain even standlnc room" in
tht- theater, where the nu-etlng- was
h*-id. Senator John Davis of Amador
Hwti* with Mi. Woods, both here and at
Georgetown. The outlook for Republican
success in El Dorado County is excellent
INVITATION TO CANDIDATES.
Requested to Appear Before a Mset
ing of Workingmen in
Los Angeles.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. IS.— The Los An
geles County Council of* Labor has issued
a circular letter inviting candidates for
Congress und the State Legislature to
Bjipeer before a mass meeting of working
men on Friday, October 2b, to declare
what legislation they would endeavor to
secure, if elected, for the interest of work
ing people. Copies of the Utter have been
sent to the candidate* of the Republican
Democratic and Socialist parties, and sev
rral favoralle responses have already
been r«'C< i ved.
Republicans at Monterey.
MONTEREY; Oct. iS.^The Republicans
of this city and Pacific Grove, as well as
from surrounding districts, held a rally
in Baghy"(! Opera-house here to-night
that was one of the iargePt and most en
thuj-i;tFtic political gatherings ever .«e<n
hercnboutF. The hall was elaborately
decorated with American . flags, and -the
Firemen's Wand furnished music. Dr A
WeMfall, one of the leading Republicans
of this city, acted as chairman of "the
meeting. The speakers of the evening
were Hon. C. F. Lace A of Salinas. Hoii
John T. Dare of San Francisco, Hon
Thomas Flint Jr., candidate for Senator
from this district, and the following Mon
terey County candidates: William Sarles
candidate for Assemblyman; F. A Ab
bott, candidate for Sheriff; Hon. T. J.
Field, candidate for Supervisor. Grea*
enthusiasm was* manifested during the
progress of the speeches. . i
Bally at Sonora.
SON'ORA, Oct. IS.— The local Republican
Club, in connection with* the County Com
mittee, is making extensive" preparations
for a big meeting Saturday night, when
Hon. Samuel D. Woods will address the
citizens of Sonora. The local club has
chartered two special trains for the occa
sion, one from Jamestown and one from'
Carters. Weather being favorable, I they
will have the largest meeting held here
for years. ? ;".;'>"^1.
Unknown Man Seriously "Wounded
at Berenda After Attacking
a Train Hand With a
Knife.
BRAKEMAN SHOOTS
DRUNKEN PASSENGER
REDDING, Oct. 18.— Ridgley Canton of
Stockton won the Grand Encampment
trophy, valued at $200, and $100 in cash
to-day, representing the first prize in the
Odd Fellows competitive drill. Sacra
mento Canton took the second prize of
$lo0 and San Francisco the third of $100.
The Rebekah Drill Corps of Stockton and
San Francisco divided $150 between them
as per agreement before drilling. The real
contest lay between Sacramento and
Stockton cantons.
Each had won the trophy twice. A
third winning made the winner its owner.
The drill of this encampment was really
a "rubber" , between the two cantons
named, and. Stockton won out.
The miiitary movements of the different
bodies were witnessed by the largest
crowd that ever congregated in Redding*B
pleasure ground. The usual seating ca
pacity proved entirely inadequate, and
although additional seats were provided
hundreds of people were left standing.
With the ground hardened by the rain of
the morning, the sun hidden and a cool
breeze blowing the circumstances were
entirely favorable to the competition.
Colonel E. A. Forbes of Marysville. Major
Marion Pirkey of Willows and Captain
Sparrow acted as judges.
The cantons of Sacramento, San Kran
cisco and Stockton drilled in the order
named. Each, received vociferous ap
plause, although that accorded San Fran
cisco appeared slightly the largest in vol
ume. Each canton occupied half an
nour's time.
The cantons were followed by fancy
drills by the Rebekah Drill Corps of San
Francisco and Stockton. The perfect exe
cution of the many Intricate evolutions
by the pretty young ladies in natty uni
forms completely won the crowd. Hats
were thrown in the air and cheer fol
lowed cheer. The drill was a treat to the
hundreds who had never before seen It
A military dress parade by the Patri
archs Militant concluded the afternoon's
programme. At Armory, Hall this even
ing after the prizes had been announced
and distributed and a decoration of chiv
alry publicly conferred, the Second Regi
ment Patriarchs Militant band started
the music for the grand ball to a crowded
throng of dancers.
The executive committee decided this
evening that if the weather permits the
parade which, was to have taken place
to-day will be held at 2 o'clock to-morrow
WERE SENTENCED ON SUNDAY.
Two Mexicans Claiin the Proceedings
Against Them Were Invalid.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 18.— Romulo Es
trada and Manuel Melendez, Mexicans,
were last Sunday sentenced by Justice
Phillips of Downey to a term in the
county jail for. petty larceny-
To-day the.Ir case was brought before
the Superior Court on a writ of habeas
corpus, the claim being set up that be
cause the prisoners were tried and sen
tenced on Sunday the proceedings were
invalid.
Deputy District Attorney Willis cited
section 134 of the code and an amendment
to the same passed in 1867 providing for
the exercise of magisterial powers on Sun
days and holidays. Judge Smith, how
ever, declared that he thought the law
might not be constitutional because it
legislated for one class of courts, giving
them an authority to act on holidavs,
which was denied -other courts. • ¦
Robbers Get Nothing.
SALT. LAKE CITY, Utah, Oct. 18.— A
special to the Tribune from Cisco, Utah,
says: L,ast night three men entered the
Rio Grande Western station at this point
and ordered Operator Curtis and C P
Pruitt, traveling freight and passenger
agent of the Burlington and Missouri
River Railroad, to throw up their hands
and then demanded that the safe be
opened. There was no money on • hand
and the robbers left without securing
anything of value. Officers are on their
trail. _ * -.
Clydesdale Succumbs.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 18.— Constable W.
J. Clydesdale, who was shot at Rocklin,
Placer County, on the night of-. the: 3d
insL by Russell Landis after the latter
had murdered his wife, died this after
noon in the Sisters' Hospital In this city
from the wound he received. Landis shot
his wife and Clydesdale in a fit of Jeal
ousy. Landis is now in the county jail at
Auburn.
STOCKTON WIKS THE
ODD FELLOWS' TROPHY
Competitive Drill Between Three
Cantons One of the Features
of the Encampment at
Redding.
Day's Session an Unusually Busy
One — Chico Is Selected as
the Next Meeting
Place.
OFFICERS CHOSEN BY
HIGH COURT FORESTERS
BAPTISTS AT SANTA CRUZ.
Young People's Rally Held.
Interesting Reports Bsad and a
SANTA CRUZ. Oct. IS.— It has been de
cided that the next annual meeting of
the South Central Baptist Association
should be held at Twin Lakes. The ses
sion this morning- was one full of Interest.
Rev. F. S. Lawrence of Palo Alto gavt.
the home mission report. The home mis
sionary sermon was preached by Rev.
Robert Whitaker of Oakland. An inter-,
estlng women's session was conducted by
Mrs. R. L. I>avis of Palo Alto.
This afternoon the report for the com
mittee on education was piven by Rev.
E. H. Hayden, which was followed by an
educational sermon given by Rev. E. R.
Bennett of the Twenty-third Avenue Bap
tist Church of Oakland.
The report for the foreign missions waa
by Rev. C. A. Parker of Los Gatos. The
foreign missionary sermon wa3 by Dr. C
M. Hill of the Tenth Avenue Baptist
Church of East Oakland.
This evening there was a young people - s
rally, at which addresses were deiiverett
on "The Educational Side of Our Younvc
People's Work." by Rev. T. S. Ynunc: ox
San Jose, and "Soul Winning the Primary
Work of Our Toung People," by Rev. E.
H. Hayden of Santa Cruz.
Rev. F. S. Lawrence conducted the con-.
secratlon service.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Postmasters Commissioned and Ap
pointed and Pensions Granted.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 18.— The postoffic*
at Virginia. San Diego County, will be
discontinued October 31 and mail sent to-
Merton.
Postmaster commissioned: Oregon—
Evan B. Rumble. Josephs: John H. Kis
singer, Kail Creek. Appointed: Oregon —
Hermann Gro3sheim. Barnesfat. Tillamook
County, vice Carrie A. Hauxhurst, re
signed.
Washington— George B. Cooley. Blewett,
Cbelan County, vice James Wilder, re
signed.
The following pensions were Issued to
day:
California: Original— Wesley A. Whitte
car. Sacramento.v$6. Restoration— Darwin
J. Hooper. Campbell. $6. Increase — Samuel
S. Conteure. Sacramento. JS; Thomas Wil
liams. Hoopa Valley, JS; John H. Struve,
San Francisco. $10.
Oregon: Increase — George H. Haxnsley.
Blodgett. $S.
.Washington: Original— John H. Thorn,
Puyallup. $6; James F. Reeder, Tampico,
$s. Additional— William R. Hart. Liberty,
IS. Increase— Raymond Gee, Reardan, J10.
COMMANDER THOMAS S. PHELPS JR.. United States Navy, the present
popular and efficient equipment officer at the Mare Island yard, a few days
ago received his commission as commander, and he has been the re
cipient of many congratulation? from friends and acquaintances upon his
promotion. Commander Phelpa graduated from the Naval Academy
in 1S65. is a pon of Rear Admiral Thomas S. Phelps, U. S. N.. retired, and was
born In the Stato of Virginia. Hip popularity in the service Is well known by all
who have any acquaintance with the navy. Aboard ship his treatment of the
crew is such that he is universally respected and honored, and it is with difficulty
that a'pailor could be found whom "Tom" Phelps had ill treated. In the city of
Vallejo, where he has made l>is home for several years, he is universally re
spected. During the war with Spain he was the executive officer of the Raleigh
at Manila, which was the first ship to return to New York after the . war was
over.
THOMAS S. PHELPS JR., THE POPULAR AND -EFFICIENT EQUIP
MENT OFFICER AT MARE ISLAND NAVY-YARD, WHO RECENTLY
RECKIVED HIS COMMISSION AS COMMANDER.
NOTE— AVhtre two rates of taxation arp {riven, the lesser rate is that levied UDon
property situate within the limits of incorp«rat<vl cities or towns, such rrop«?rty being
exempt from road tax. . "
WORE OF THE LADIES
OF THE EASTERN STAR
Election of Officers Consumes a Por
tion of the Day and a Ban
quet Is Enjoyed at
Night.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 18.— The ladies of the
Eastern Star took up the election of offi
cers this, afternoon and the session was
the most interesting and spirited of the
convention. Ernest W. Conant of Sin
Jose was elected wortny grand patron
This office was quickly disposed of. -The
next was that of worthy grand matron.
Kxcltement reached fever heat and a
royal battle of ballots took place. Mrs.
Lucas of Santa Maria, Mrs. Giberson of
San Francisco and Mrs. 'Bowles of Santa
Ana. were nominated. Their forces were
about equally divided. Electioneering
that would have done a politician' 3 heart
good was indulged in. Three ballots wera
taken without a choice being made and
the election went over till to-morrow. To
nig-ht the ladles' • friends are actively
working in their interest. The election of
the rest of the grand officers will be taken
up in the morning.
Routine work and reports were con
sidered at the morning session. Commit
tees of finance, mileage and uer diem and
appeals and grievances reported. A num
ber of amendments to the by-laws were
adopted.
The exemplification of the work of the
order was given by San Jose Chapter this
evening in Home Union Hall. Fully 1000
persons were present and the capacity of
the large hall was taxed. Delegates pro
nounced the work ,of the highest order.
Those of San Jose Chapter participating
were: Mrs. Leslie Lancock, worthy ma
tron; Dr. C. C. Marckres, worthy patron;
Mrs. Clara May, associate matron; Mr*,
Kate Wilcox, secretary; Mrs. Cora Vale,
treasurer; Mrs. Mary J. Worthen. con
ductress; Mrs. Jennie Farrington, asso
ciate conductress; Miss Georgia McKee,
Adah; Mrs. Mary Southworth, Ruth; Mrs.
Laura Varcoe, Esther; Miss Edith Leath.
Martha; Mrs. Ella Cox, Electa; Miss
Juanita Halsey, warden; Mrs. Mattie
Murgotten, chaplain; Miss Emma Riehl.
marshal; Mrs. Harriet Rainey organist.
A banquet followed in the Rucker build
ing under the auspices of San Jose Chap
ter. It was 12 o'clock before the guests
entered the hall, which was handsomely
decorated with ribbons, ferns and plants.
Plates were set for 600. It was one of the
most ' brilliant affairs ever held in San
Jose. An elaborate menu was served.
Toasts, witticisms and songs were in
dulged in and it was well toward morning
when "Good nights" were said. . ,
SAILORS DRIVEN
ABOARD SHIP BY
COLORED TROOPS
Detachment of tlie Twenty-
Fourtft Quells a Mutiny
at Skaguay.
BLOODSHED RARROWLY AVERTED
Crew of the South Portland Deserts,
Claiming Captain and Officers
Incompetent to Navigate
the Vessel.
VANCOUVER, B. C. Oct. 1R.—Blood
shed very nearly occurred in a row re
sulting- from a mutiny on the steamer
South Portland at Skaguay last Thurs
day. Thirty members of the crew re
fused to work and a company of colored
trooj-s drove thoni on board the ship
again at the point of the bayonet.
The South Portland iefl Seattle twci
weeks ; £<> ai.d was <>is hor last trip for
the season to Cape Nome. She called at
gkkgruay 'on the --way. several of her
hundred odd passengers having decided
to got off there and about ball the mem
bers of :he crew, thirty in all; quit work
and refused to do another hand's turn.
The captain threatened to put them in
irons and the men threatened light In re
taliation. Eventually ;t»e men ail submit
t«i to arrest and were taken to jail. Th'y
were discharged a short time afterward.
h'Owov?r. the officers of the ehit) having
decided not to take the case !nt^> court.
The men alleged that the captain and
officers h-id been drunk on the way up 10
Skaguay and were Incompetent to run
the vessel, which had touched bottom
sevora: times and h:id a narrow escape
from wreck. These reasons were given
why they declined to i>rocee«I further in
her.
A consultation of the captain and the
American Commissioner was then hold
an<l tifty member* of the Twonty-fourta ,
xtreitnoitt (colored) turned out. They
were fuiiy armed and marched down t.»
the docks. The eeamen had not tried to
escape and public sympathy was very
much aroused in th«ir favor. They were
.-again ordered on hoard and apain re- I
fused; wh»n the colored troops were com- i
unrated to charge Hum. "With drawn j
bayonets the troths charged down the i
wharf and ahead of them the seaman fle«i
to the yhi|>. Half the town had by this j
Time turned out and tnoy hissed an-1 !
gToaned at th«» soldiers. The steamer j
departed in half "an hour for Nome.
Special Disratcli to Tha Call.
FRESNO, Oct. IS.— The Fresno County
Hospital was destroyed by fire at 10
o'clock to-night, the Ios3 being about
ICO.000.
The building was situated a mile east
of town and the fire department could
render no assistance. The loss was fully
covered by insurance. The cause of the
fire has not yet been ascertained, but it
is supposed to have been caused by a
defective flue.
The blaze was first noticed In the upper
part of the structure. The patients wera
warned and escaped from the building.
About half of them were able to get out
without assistance and the rest were car
ried to places of safety. The hospital con-.
talned about 130 Inmates. Most of, tbo
fixtures were also removed.
The destruction of the building wi'.l
probably result indirectly In the loss o*
several lives. Some of the patients were
very ill and it is feared that the excite
ment and sudden exposure will irt some
instances prove . fatal.
A.number of tents and other temporary
structures were erected to afford shelter
for such of the inmates as could not care
for themselves. With the Deciding and
furniture saved from the "burning build-
Ing they were made as comfort-able as
possible.
A new hospital will be erected without
delay.
It Is Feared, However, That the Sud«
* den Exposure and Shock »
Will Result in Several
Deaths. . i
ALL THE INMATES ARE RESCUED
County Building at Fresno
Completely Destroyed
vj Hre.
FLAMES DRIVE
PATIENTS FROM
A HOSPITAL
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 18.— The biggest
and most enthusiastic rally of an unpre
cedently quiet campaign took place to
night when Governor Gage addressed 5000
people at Hazard's Pavilion. The Gover
nor was escorted to the pavilion by the
Amerieus Club of Fasadena, 200 strong In*
white and gold uniforms, and the Charles
Sumncr Marching Club, an organization
of over a hundred well drilled colored
men, their ranks being headed by bands.!
At the pavilion "Teddy's Terrors," a band
of "busters" lately impressed, had aj
warm reception ready for the Governor.
Clad In Hough Rider costume they crap- '
tied their revolvers outside the pavilion
and surprised the house with their lungs
when they got within.
R- W. Burnham presided and Introduced
Governor Gage, who was very cordially
welcomed. The Governor was in good
form, but read his speech, which took
nearly two hours to deliver. Neverthe
less, the large audience listened with close
attention to the long address, which was
mainly devoted to a discussion of the
"Bryanite disguises" of imperialism and
militarism. Governor Gage said in part: '
"Once more the contest of 180*3 is re
newed and the issues which were then
disposed of have been resurrected, sub
jecting our country to another political
crisis. The Issues are the same. The
leaders arc the same, but the unfortunate
condition of the country which marked
the year 18?6 has vanished, whilo great
events,' which are epochs In the history
of the world as well as In the history of
America, have followed in rapid and mar
velous sequence, and our country, sur
mounting all obstacles and passing these
epochs, has grown greater and grander
than ever before."
The speaker reviewed the remarkable
revival of business under the McKinley
administration and the absolute failure of
Bryan's predictions. .After puncturing
the bogie men of ¦ militarism ;«nd impe
rialism fiovernor Gage concluded:
Notwithstanding- the fact that the majority
of the voters of California feel assured that the
welfare of thi3 .State and nation demands the
election of William McKlnley and Theodore
Koosevclt, and that their success is certain,
we muft not overlook the importance of the
election of .Republican Congressmen from the
seven districts of this State, because it is as
essential for our own domestic Interests as
well as for the support of the Republican Na
tional administration that we should have a
stronpr Republican majority In the House of
Representatives. The election of all' Republi
can State, Legislative, county and township
officers is equally important, inasmuch as each
local Republican administration- will b4 an aid
to the general administration in carrying out
the pledges of the State Republican platform to
In addition to this we must not forget the
fact that the next State .Legislature will have
the important duty under our State constitu
tion of fixing and adjusting the Legislative dis
tricts and reapportloning the representation
according to the United States census of 1900.
The succesB of the democratic party In the next
Legislature would practically be to submit the
redlstrictlng of the State to partisan manipula
tion and to assist in a Democratic supremacy
in this State for many years. "Hence the Cali
fornia voter who believes in the doctrines of
protection to American labor and Industries
and of sound money and takes pride in the
past- and present glorious history of
our republic under the ' guidance* of Re
publican statesmen and who would have
America retain her splendid position as
the foremost nation of the world must
personally and energetically vote and work
for the election of all Republican nominees
local. State and national.
After Disposing of Imperialism He
. Calls Attention to" Necessity
of Electing 1 Republican
Congressmen.
HUNDREDS OF MEN IN LINE
Accorded an Enthusiastic
: Reception by Repub
lican Clubs.
GAGE DISCUSSES
PARTY ISSUES
AT LOS ANGELES
COMMANDER PHELPS
RECEIVES HIS COMMISSION
Popular Officer Congratulated by Many
Friends at Mare Island.
Controller Colgan Submits Figures and the
Accompanying Tax Rate.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 18.— The following table. Issued from the State Con- #
troller's office, shows values of property in and indebtedness of ea^ h . coun^ j*
for the year 1900. It also shows the rate of taxation (State rate being «.s £
cents). ..'..- JL
PROPERTY VALUES AND
COUNTY INDEBTEDNESS
.THE FRANCISCO CALL,- JiBIDAY, OCTOBER 19, 1900.
FOUR MEN MEET
DEATH IN THE NORTH
SEATTLE, Oct. 13.— Four and probabl
five persons met death by drowning In
Golovin.Bay, off the, town of Chenlk, on
September 26 as the result of the cap
sizing of a lifeboat of the San Francisco
steamer Albion. The known victims are:
GUS RUDD, San Francisco.
JOSEPH GANNISHAL, residence un
known..
DAVID CLANCY, residence unknown.
CARPENTER WISHARD, reaidenc3
unknown.
Eighteen people entered the lifeboat to
ride from Chenik to the Albion, which
was a mile away. The boat was rlgge<l
with a sail. The wind was strong. Two
hundred yards from the Albion the lite
boat capsized. The Albion's crew went
to the rescue and saved all but four and
probably five of the occupants, who were
struggling in the water. The name of
the supposed fifth victim was not ob
tained by the steamer Charles D. Lane
which brought the story to Seattle. -
Otis Appeals His Case.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 18.— In connection
with' the lease awarded to Warren Gii
lelen recently by the City Council, au
thorizing him to bore for oil in Sunset
Park, General H. G. Otis, having asked
the Superior Court for p.n injunction pro
hibiting Gillelen from boring for oil rn
the park and the injunction having been
dissolved and judgment of dismissal en
tered, General Otis has appealed his case
•to the Supreme Court and appellant's
brief was filed this morning. The suit is
brought under a section of the city char
ter which prohibits boring for oil within
1600 feet of either Westlake or Sunset
parks. _ ' •' ~, .
Suicide of a Berkeley Man.
¦ SPOKANE. Wash., Oct. IS.— D. S. Hyde,
who came from Berkeley, Cal., took his
life at Wilbur, Wash., last night. Retir
ing to his room in a hotel he swallowed
strychnine and after that & large quantity
of ¦ morphine to ease the pain. On the
dresser was found a letter with Instruc
tions as to a bundle of letters and papers
and also a" will, evidently made out after
he had taken the poison. A" postscript to
the will stated that he had taken poison
and it was slowly "working. Another
stated, that he felt himself going. He had
lost money at cards.
PHELAN AND SIMS AT FRESNO
4
•Includes "solvent credits.
COUNTIES.
til
: o
': a
• p
. —
: si
'
s
TO
jf;
: £.
<
c S>j
*= S T,
Z2. 'ft C
n £ *•
S p a P
i'SJaB
a
f E
h
'. c
'flO
I-
Ig
:
• 3
P51
: ° «p
¦ : ?go
: }? p
: o o 3
: 3-^c.
Alamcda J17.855.975 $9,506,041 $1,925,165 l8e.9r.7TO $78,590 55 $1 25 -$165
Alpine 137,079 35,197 .........;. 2S;) - 6 ' V ' 16>834 ¦ .195
Amador 2.427 023 555 S?S 84.W0 4.40B.MJ — •"•^j-ii . „ J J ~
Buite :/8.«212«5 1.975.086 912.123 lf.9W.200 43.400 04 1 3» -1«
Calnveras 2.97B.0M 703.590 l0fl.*30 j.^f!'? 5.000 06 1 90
Coluaa S. 878. 451 1,680.034 . 356.053 11 -?^ 1 -i^ J2 —160
Contra Costa 8 777 830 3,913.965 832,677 l«.jM.»i Vinti'm 1 50 - 1 »0
Del Nort* 1379.03.1 215.350 l'5?f'?S -?*nM on 19- -2^
El Dorado 1994 360 563.275 320.775 . 4.01».l»? $S2 1 40 - 1 TO
Fresno IS 903 858 2.879.809 2.527.S54 9>-*07,6fo §0.000 00 1 40 -1^0
Glenn 7 752.545 1,333.677 .479.850 " W-gf??! ?r£$ ™ I If Z ? %
a :::::::::::::: *&& ££3 3SS »:$>« %SS}? z}8
Kinps 4,863,SOi JM4.41U 'w.*" 1 ' "iri • „ at inn rut 1 an ton
La ),, 1 9'1 72t1 373 74' 3.027,168 47. SOU 00 180 — 2 20
S^ a s-sg-SS /S S fflr-;i^i M ifg
Mnrinrso l V«i 49G 229 333 ••••• 2.029,299 11.000 00 2 50
Mend^o"::::::: iSw^SS^mg w.g«.w 95.00000 .« . _,«
&3 495 Bft 315 567 37.209 1.1S6.875 6.000 00 2 50
lonter'ey 12 02?'280 1. 555 370 1.B5O.7SS 17.772.018 135.600 00 150
NaSa ¦SIU.W 1541390 498.015 11.633.300 134 -164
Xevada 2 842 965 1066.135 622.5S5 7.015,505 2 25 —2 60
OranR-e 67770S0 1111,630 707.418 10.976.363 10O.00O 00 140 —175
piac/p ¦"" 4 131830 825.833 1.9S9.143 9.015.766 60.000 00 160 —195
Pumas !' i m 758 S46.5S1 41.975 .2,102.491 35,100 00 2 00
lUveretde S 356 287 906.730 1.6S9.W3 12.151.013 ...^ 160 -193
Sacramento 19 197 170 4.524.780. 1.213.6W . 34.126.723 404.500 00 160 -163
SanBcnito.. 4 076 140 730.3751 1S5.325 6,015.635 18.000 00 130 -165
San Bernardino 8 558 435 1.133.760 2.CS1.627 13.975.127 145 — 1 S5
§an Dlesro " 11818 783 2,329.630 • 1.R68.610 20,061.546 16S.5O0 00 158 —2 08
San Francisco! ... 190.457.425 85,791,831 270,515 410.425,349 250,000 00 1 623
SanJoanuin W1R090 3.970,419 2.042.735 31.9S2.021 143.000 0J> 1 23 -143
San I-uis Oblspo. 8.049.561 1.666.527 892.063 12.3P8.301 82.000 00 1 45 -180
San Mateo ...... 8,502.960 1,915,905 313.110 14.421.010 4«.000 00 1093 —162
lanta Barbara;.. 8,fi93.27si 1.5S0.910 7.15.222 13.607.120 2.243 62 130 —170
Santa Clara 52,129.83*! 4.300.470 1,241.023. 51.971.2W 90.000 00 110 -150
«?anta Cruz .... 6.247.070! 1,110,575 580.452 10,770,3521 84.020 00 170 -2 15
...... 4,082.145 1.774,434 1,434.527 9,10(5.515! 51.000 00 170 -2 00
Sierra '..'.'. 949.94:. 164.160 47.191 1.494.981J S.S-TO 00 "3 00 ''
Sskiyou 4.353.9Mr 1.2S3.524 1.453.752 8.808.623 5S.2OO 00 1 35 -163
... 10.S01.G051 2.154.129 774.318 17.519,3151 •. 1 !5 _ 1 J5
Sonoma".""."..... 14.909.735 2.681.985 1.859.402 25.753.672 143.000 00 125 -165
Stanislaus 7.654.030 1.646.2,0 1,216.834 J2.041.634 4.333 44 135 -153
Sut^r 4.268,671 734.8S4 4o4.3S7 6.425.642 11.000 00 175
Tehama 6,372.5551 1.797.493- 8DO.O7O ¦ 10.R53.700 44.500 00 143 -175
Trrnitj- 736.5901 245.028 1.4R3.036 24.087 50 J no
4-uiaro 9.«2,g9.ii 1.863.478 1.811.00*; 15.335.221 120 —150
Tuolumne 3.376.670 640.83OJ "2.655 5.845.200 190 —2 30
Ventura 4.965.745 1.M9.J15 911.400 8.349.115 4,000 00 2 13 — 2 55 •
Voo lft.987.580 1,694.930 922.807 16.312.936 l 04 -133
yuba 2.673,1331 932,710 4 OR. 299 6 512.709 2 00 -2 30
Totals |$6ta.9Q5.988 i $lR4.3S0.015U47.7U.7.%5l$1.218.232.4.- J 7!$3. 623.373 40|
COUNTIES.
til
: o
': a
• p
. —
: si
'
s
TO
jf;
: £.
<
c S>j
*= S T,
Z2. 'ft C
n £ *•
S p a P
i'SJaB
a
f E
h
'. c
'flO
I-
Ig
:
• 3
P51
: ° «p
¦ : ?go
: }? p
: o o 3
: 3-^c.
Alamcda J17.855.975 $9,506,041 $1,925,165 l8e.9r.7TO $78,590 55 $1 25 -$165
Alpine 137,079 35,197 .........;. 2S;) - 6 ' V ' 16>834 ¦ .195
Amador 2.427 023 555 S?S 84.W0 4.40B.MJ — •"•^j-ii . „ J J ~
Buite :/8.«212«5 1.975.086 912.123 lf.9W.200 43.400 04 1 3» -1«
Calnveras 2.97B.0M 703.590 l0fl.*30 j.^f!'? 5.000 06 1 90
Coluaa S. 878. 451 1,680.034 . 356.053 11 -?^ 1 -i^ J2 —160
Contra Costa 8 777 830 3,913.965 832,677 l«.jM.»i Vinti'm 1 50 - 1 »0
Del Nort* 1379.03.1 215.350 l'5?f'?S -?*nM on 19- -2^
El Dorado 1994 360 563.275 320.775 . 4.01».l»? $S2 1 40 - 1 TO
Fresno IS 903 858 2.879.809 2.527.S54 9>-*07,6fo §0.000 00 1 40 -1^0
Glenn 7 752.545 1,333.677 .479.850 " W-gf??! ?r£$ ™ I If Z ? %
a :::::::::::::: *&& ££3 3SS »:$>« %SS}? z}8
Kinps 4,863,SOi JM4.41U 'w.*" 1 ' "iri • „ at inn rut 1 an ton
La ),, 1 9'1 72t1 373 74' 3.027,168 47. SOU 00 180 — 2 20
S^ a s-sg-SS /S S fflr-;i^i M ifg
Mnrinrso l V«i 49G 229 333 ••••• 2.029,299 11.000 00 2 50
Mend^o"::::::: iSw^SS^mg w.g«.w 95.00000 .« . _,«
&3 495 Bft 315 567 37.209 1.1S6.875 6.000 00 2 50
lonter'ey 12 02?'280 1. 555 370 1.B5O.7SS 17.772.018 135.600 00 150
NaSa ¦SIU.W 1541390 498.015 11.633.300 134 -164
Xevada 2 842 965 1066.135 622.5S5 7.015,505 2 25 —2 60
OranR-e 67770S0 1111,630 707.418 10.976.363 10O.00O 00 140 —175
piac/p ¦"" 4 131830 825.833 1.9S9.143 9.015.766 60.000 00 160 —195
Pumas !' i m 758 S46.5S1 41.975 .2,102.491 35,100 00 2 00
lUveretde S 356 287 906.730 1.6S9.W3 12.151.013 ...^ 160 -193
Sacramento 19 197 170 4.524.780. 1.213.6W . 34.126.723 404.500 00 160 -163
SanBcnito.. 4 076 140 730.3751 1S5.325 6,015.635 18.000 00 130 -165
San Bernardino 8 558 435 1.133.760 2.CS1.627 13.975.127 145 — 1 S5
§an Dlesro " 11818 783 2,329.630 • 1.R68.610 20,061.546 16S.5O0 00 158 —2 08
San Francisco! ... 190.457.425 85,791,831 270,515 410.425,349 250,000 00 1 623
SanJoanuin W1R090 3.970,419 2.042.735 31.9S2.021 143.000 0J> 1 23 -143
San I-uis Oblspo. 8.049.561 1.666.527 892.063 12.3P8.301 82.000 00 1 45 -180
San Mateo ...... 8,502.960 1,915,905 313.110 14.421.010 4«.000 00 1093 —162
lanta Barbara;.. 8,fi93.27si 1.5S0.910 7.15.222 13.607.120 2.243 62 130 —170
Santa Clara 52,129.83*! 4.300.470 1,241.023. 51.971.2W 90.000 00 110 -150
«?anta Cruz .... 6.247.070! 1,110,575 580.452 10,770,3521 84.020 00 170 -2 15
...... 4,082.145 1.774,434 1,434.527 9,10(5.515! 51.000 00 170 -2 00
Sierra '..'.'. 949.94:. 164.160 47.191 1.494.981J S.S-TO 00 "3 00 ''
Sskiyou 4.353.9Mr 1.2S3.524 1.453.752 8.808.623 5S.2OO 00 1 35 -163
... 10.S01.G051 2.154.129 774.318 17.519,3151 •. 1 !5 _ 1 J5
Sonoma".""."..... 14.909.735 2.681.985 1.859.402 25.753.672 143.000 00 125 -165
Stanislaus 7.654.030 1.646.2,0 1,216.834 J2.041.634 4.333 44 135 -153
Sut^r 4.268,671 734.8S4 4o4.3S7 6.425.642 11.000 00 175
Tehama 6,372.5551 1.797.493- 8DO.O7O ¦ 10.R53.700 44.500 00 143 -175
Trrnitj- 736.5901 245.028 1.4R3.036 24.087 50 J no
4-uiaro 9.«2,g9.ii 1.863.478 1.811.00*; 15.335.221 120 —150
Tuolumne 3.376.670 640.83OJ "2.655 5.845.200 190 —2 30
Ventura 4.965.745 1.M9.J15 911.400 8.349.115 4,000 00 2 13 — 2 55 •
Voo lft.987.580 1,694.930 922.807 16.312.936 l 04 -133
yuba 2.673,1331 932,710 4 OR. 299 6 512.709 2 00 -2 30
Totals |$6ta.9Q5.988 i $lR4.3S0.015U47.7U.7.%5l$1.218.232.4.- J 7!$3. 623.373 40|
: Have you heard the story
! of Carmack's Indian wife —
• the woman who first showed \
', the gold of .'the Klondike to
• a white man?. Read of her in .
! next Sunday's Call.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
LADD'S GUN STORE,
W^^ JT Isllln * Tackle and Sporting
tbe Pacific ***T^*£S$&jr&£\
ffira^caiiro^^i ** tottK "*—
MEN
LOST VIGOR
RESTORED!
fill or writ* far book. frit.
318 Kitrny Strstt,
Ban Francisco. Cal.
DR. COOPER & CO.,
Men's Underwear |
, Right now, with this chilly weather, coming on,
when" the nights grow colder and the days more
foggy, is a good time to make a change in the weight
! of your underwear. Below is a list to make your
buying easy, while our prices make your saving
; Camel's Hair— $2 and £3 a suit.
i I Natural Wool — $2, $3 and $4 a suit.
Cashmere— $2, $3; $4 and $$ a suit.
Mercerized Silk — $4, $5 and $6 a suit.
Royal Silk Plush, $3 a suit.
. The assortment comprises everything, from the lower
grades to the expensive; you can get any of the usual colors
or striped effects; some -of the underwear is form-fitting,
others just the plain; but without doubt you can get what- j
ever you want.
Fine Imported Hosiery in handsome colorings,. 25c, 50c'
and 75c a pair.
Out-of-town orders filled— write us.
Sfl\V5QlHro
718 Market Street.
IAmendment Defeated.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Oct. 18.—
.At a meeting of the students to-day the
proposed amendment to the constitution
requiring students to pay the assessment
of $1 in order to vote at student body
elections was defeated. A clause chang
ing the Sequoia, the literary magazine,
from a weekly to a bi-weekly was carried.
Teachers' Institute.
MERCED. Oct. 18.— The annual teach
ers' institute of this county Is at present
in session here with a good attendance of
teachers. T. L. Heaton of the State Uni
versity delivered an address, as did also
O. W. Grove, the County Superintendent
of Schools.
Fair at Msrced.
MERCED, Oct. 18.— The fair of the Thir
ty-fifth District Agricultural Association,
which comprises Merced and Marlposa.
opened here to-day and will continue three
days. The pavilion has been decorated
and the various products of the two coun
ties have been arranged for exhibition.
Cogswell Released.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 18.— W. W. Cogs
well, arrested on complaint of T. J. Fitz
slmmons of San Francisco, charging him
with forgery, was released to-day, a tele
gram from the northern city stating that
the matter /had been adjusted and the
charge withdrawn.
Parliament Is Prorogued.
, LONDON, Oct. 18.-At a meeting of the
Privy Council at Balmoral to-day, the
Queen prorogued Parliament until early
in December, when It will be again pro
rogued until the usual time of assemblage,
the middle of February.
Rumors From Shanghai.
LONDON. Oct. 19.— Special dispatches
from Shanghai recite numerous rumors In
circulation there. Among these are re
ports ' that the ' heir apparent. Pu Chun,
son of Prince Tuan, is dead; that Li Hung
Pleased That His Challenge
Was So Quickly
Accepted.
LONDON, Oct. IS.— Misapprehension
having arisen over the wording of Sir
Thomas Upton's . challenge. Sir Thomas
asks the Associated Press to say the chal
lenge provides for three completed races,
and not three starts, as might be inferred
from the wording-.- In fact, it is exactly
th© same as thi£ conditions of last year,
unless, as was the case last year, the re
sult can be achieved in three races.
Commenting on the chances of Sham
rock II, the Yachting World says:
"At least we have the satisfaction of
knowing that those who will control the
boat have had more experience than was
available last time."
It is understood that the Shamrock II
will be built by the Hendersons on the
Clyde, and that Sycamore will be her
skipper, with Mr. Jameson In general
charge.
Sir Thomas Lipton will take both the
new and old Shamrock across the Atlan
tic. The contract for building the new
craft is not yet closed, but it is expected
that the work on Shamrock II will start
shortly.
Sir Thomas hopes to arrive in the
United States about the middle of July.
In an interview he said he was delighted
that his challenge had received such a
prompt and satisfactory answer. He
added:
"The only difference mentioned, that of
extending the time of the start from 11
a. m. to 2 p. m., seems a good idea, fair
to both and liable to produce less delays
and bring better sport. Crossing the
ocean does not bother me a bit."
"Suppose, Sir Thomas," he was asked,
"that the old Shamrock should beat the
new in the trials?"
"It is impossible," he replied Impres
sively.
"Talking of fair play," continued Sir
Thomas, "none of us Is quite infallible,
but I guarantee to say should anything
controversial by any chance happen to
occur 1 am certain 1 shall get the benefit
of any doubt existing, such is my belief
in the integrity and sportsmanship spirit
of the New York Yacht Club. The con
tinuation of last year's accident clause,
mentioned by Mr. Oddle, Is eminently sat
isfactory. It was my own suggestion and
I see no reason for any change. Some
people seem surprised at my challenging
with a cutter, and I have seen it stated
that I Intended taking over a 75-foot
schooner. The idea never entered my
head. I have worked continuously upon
the matter and you may be sure no data,
however small, will be overlooked which
might tend to make her successful."
SIR THOMAS IS
MUCK GRATIFIED
Chang has been degraded -on account of
the surrender of Paoting-Fu. and that
Prince Tuan has got possession of the
Emperor's seal and is terrorizing the Em
press Dowager.
BRYAN TOURS EMPIRE STATE.
Talks Abont "Smearing the Flag
With tho Blood of Conquest."
SYRACUSE. N. Y.. Oct. 18.— W. J.
Bryan continued his tour of the Empire
State to-day, traveling- half-way across It
from east to west He began his journey
at Albany and following the course of the
picturesque Mohawk and the line of the
Erie canal he reached this point late in
the afternoon. From here he made a run
northward to the southern shore of Lake
Erie and made a half-hour's speech at
Oswego. He spoke here to-nfght.
The other points at which he spoke
during- the day were Schenectady, Fonda,
Johnstown, Gloversvllle, Amsterdam, Fort
Plain. Little Falls. Herklmer. Won.
Frankfort. Utica. Rome, Oneida. Canasto
ta, Chittenango and Dewitt. The attend
ance at a majority of the meetings was
complimentary in size and some of the
audiences were very large. In compara
tively few places was there any marked
enthusiasm. There was, however, close
attention and in no case was there any
Interruption of note. The Oswego meet
ing was the best attended and in other
respects the most notable of the day.
Mr. Bryan spoke from a balcony in front
of Stanwix Hall in Rome. Immediately
in front of him were suspended large
portraits of the Democratic nominees on
the national ticket, while a few steps
away the portraits of McKinley and
Roosevelt swung across the street. His
audience at this place was iarge and at
tentive and the speech was punctuated
with frequent bursts of applause. Ex
pressing his pleasure at being In Rome
Mr. Bryan said that the large attendance
could not be accounted for on the ground
of curiosity because he had been in this
city before and the people there had had
an opportunity to see and hear him. He
accused the Republicans of avoidance of
the real issues of the campaign and
asked:
Do they not Insult the Intelligence of Ameri
can citizens when they aFk their votes and
yet decline to outline what they are going to?
Read the platform of our party, compare It
with the platform of the Republican party and
you find the difference Is that the Democratic
position Is stated with a clearness that ad
mits of no ambiguity, while the Republican
party states Its position in glittering generali
ties and spends more time bragging about the
rain that the Lord has sent than in telling
of the Imperial reign that the Republican party
Intends to bring upon this country.
Referring to the trusts in his Utica
speech he said:
If the Democratic party Is Intrusted with
power it is pledged to put forth every effort
to destroy private monopoly in the nation.
State and city, and I think that even the Re
publicans now give me credit for being honest
in my determination to carry out the plat
form. In fact, a Senator said the other day
that that wa3 the objection to me, that I wu
honest and therefore dangerous— an objection
that cannot be made to some Republicans who
have been In power. I have promised that
my Attorney General will not come from New
Jersey and I have promised that he will en
force the l_w«. '
Closing his Rome address Mr. Bryan
said: .-'¦*'
I believe It was here the first American flag
was raised. J want you to look at that flag.
I want ycu to see If you can find on that flag
anything that represents a subject. The white
stands for the purity of our nation's motives;
'the red stands for the blood shed In the pur
chase of liberty, and the stars represent the
States, and every Territory sees in the future
a star of hope that is some day to find Its
piece in the constellation. But where In that
tlasr Is anything a subject or a vassal can look
to ajid love? I do ngt- want to change that
fla_. I would rather haul It dewn and let
the Filipinos have their own flag than change
our flag to the flag of an empire and smear
it with the blood of conquest.
Mr. Bryan made ten-minute speeches at
the four towns of Oneida. Canastota,
Chittenango and Dewitt. At Oneida ho
said:
I - do not want to harbor an ambition that
re.'ts for its gratification on what other people
do. I want that my hone?t ambition «hail
rest for Its gratification on what I can do my
self, and my highest ambition Is the same as
yours should b«, namely, to do what I can
to make this country so good that to be a
private citizen here will be greater honor than
to be a King in any other nation on earth.
The Canastota speech was made from
the carriage near the railroad station ami
was addressed to farmers. Mr. Bryan
spoke to the railroad men of "the full
dinner pail." He said that even if there
was a full dinner pail for the laboring
man It would be impossible to trace its
existence to the Republican party. "The
labor organizations of the country have
done more for labor." he said, "in the
last few years than the Republican party
could do In a century."
To Guard British Interests.
. LONDON, Oct. 18.— The Manchester
Chamber of Commerce has sent a letter to
Lord Salisbury urging that a special mis
sion, with a diplomat of the first rank be
sent to China to deal with British inter
ests there.
Captured by'French Troops.
SHANGHAI. Oct. 19. 7:10 a. m.-A force
of French troops numbering a thousand
men have captured Tchehow. south of
Paotlny-Fu, province of Shantung.
tractors complied and sent the Japanese
to Seattle, whore it Is intended to em
ploy them on similar work. Labor unions
are working to have the same order put
into effect there. Everett is especially
aroused over the question as numerous
white men have been there replaced by
Japanese, who received about, half the
wages paid to white men.
Huston Arrested.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. lS.-Milton T.
Huston was divorced by his wife three
months agro for cruelty and Mrs. Huston
was awarded the custody of their three
children. Permission was granted the
falher to visit his children at stated in
tervals. October 7 Huston asked leave to
take the two younger children, aged six
and three years respectively, for a walk.
He did not return with them, but drove
to Shorb and thence took a train for Mari
copa, Ariz. A complaint charging- Huston
with a felony was Issued and he was ar
rested at Pho«nix, whither Sheriff Ham
mel has gone to bring him back for trial.
The mother has also gone to Phoenix and
has regained her little ones.
Needham at San Diego.
SAN DIEGO, Oct. 18.— Hon. J. C. Need
ham, who has been having remarkably
good meetings throughuut this end of the
district, s=poke this evening at Julian, the
largest precinct in the mountain districts
of the county. He defined his position
and reviewed the work accomplished by
a Republican Congress for this district.
He was preceded in his address by
Charles R. Stewart, a candidate for the
Assembly from the district outside the
city, and by Eugene Daney, the Repub
lican candidate for Superior Judge to* fill
an unexpired term. To-morrow after
noon they speak at Ramona and to-mor
row night at El Cajon.
Reception for Phelan.
SAN DIEGO. Oct. IS.— Next Monday
evening the Democrat.' of San Diego are
to entertain J. C. Sims, the chairman of
the State Committee, .ind James D. Phe
lan. They will speak on the Plaza and
will explain some of the questions about
the Democratic platform, which have
failed to assimilate and which are tho
cause of many questions among the lay
members of the party. After the meet
ing- the two speakers will be the guest*
of J. Harvey McCarthy of the State Cen
tral Committee and his friends at a ban
quet tendered them at the Brewster Cafe
The State Central Committeeman has is
sued invitations and expects to havo
about forty seated at the banquet.
. ?
Hibbs Leaves Mare Island.
VALLEJO, Oct. IS.— Last Saturday or
ders were received by Naval Constructor
F. W. Hibbs of Mare Island, transferring
him from duty at Mare Island to the
Bremerton naval station.
Mr. Hibbs left to-night to carry out his
orders and Mrs. Hlbbs will follow him in
a few days. Mr. and Mrs. Hibb3 have
made hosts of friends here and were
among the most charming entertainers
socially, that have ever graced Mare Isl
and's social circle.
Before going away Constructor Hibba
was presented with a testimonial setting
forth the esteem in which he was held
by those who worked under htm.
Orizaba a Total Loss.
SEATTLE. Oct. 18.— The Pacific Coast
Steamship Company's steamer Orizaba,
which was wrecked on Rocky Point reef,
St. Michael Island, on September 17, while
laying the Government telegraph cable
between Nome and St. Michael, is a total
loss. The vessel was abandoned Septem
ber 17, accosting to reliable reports re
ceived here. Ten days' constant effort
to haul her off resulted in failure. The
Orizaba hung so hard and fast that those
engaged in the effort to float her left her
to her fate. Her crew was taken to St
Michael. Some and possibly all of them
will return on the same company's
steamer Senator, which Is now at Nome
Fischer Sentenced.
REDWOOD CITY, Oct. 18.— Yesterday
A. F. Fischer pleaded guilty to the charge
of attempting to rob W. A. Emmett'a
store at Belmont on the 20th of last
month and was sentenced, to ten years in
San Qucntin.
Professor Andrews Drowned.
SEATTLE, Oct. 18.— Professor Andrews,
late of Whitman College, Walla Walla,
was drowned In Kutchbluck River in Gol
ovin Bay district, September 10. He was
attempting to ford the river.
Ends His Life.
RENO, Key., Oct. 18.— F. C. Pease, pro
prietor of a notion, store in this city, com
mitted suicide at 11 o'clock this morning
by shooting himself. Ill-health, it la
stated, was the cause. .
CHINESE FIRED BUILDINGS.
Russian Report Regarding the Occu-
pation of Mukden.
ST. PETERSBURG, Oct. IS.— The War
Office has published further ofllcial ad-
vices regarding the advance to the occu-
pation of Mukden. These show that the
Russians left camp at Liajau September
30. Tho Chinese retired before them in
disorder, plundering and burning the vil
lages as they traversed them. The main
body of Chinese retired in the direction of
Mukden, although large numbers moved
eastward and westward.
At Jautai General Subbovltch, one of
the Russian commanders, learned that
the Chinese authorities had deserted
Mukden and that their flight had been
followed by that of the Chinese troops,
after pillaging the town. He immediately
dispatched a flying column under Colonel
Artamonoff, which, after slight resist
ance, occupied Mukden at 4 p. m., Octo
ber 2.
Tho Chinese had fired the mines and
destroyed the city gates. The Russians
found all the buildings belonging to Euro
peans and native converts burning. The
imperial palace had been looted and par
tially burned.
A few Chinese maintained a weak re
sistance in the streets, but soon retired.
The main body of the Russians occupied
the town in the course of the following:
day and cleared out all of the remaining
Chinese troops. Considerable stores and
war material, with some modern guns and
rifles, were found.
MEETS NO RESISTANCE.
British Column of the Paoting-Fu Ex
pedition Makes Progress.
TIENTSIN. Oct. 18.— A courier reports
that the British column of the Paotlngr-
Pu expedition reached the walled town of
Wanpchla-Kou October 15. meeting with
no resistance, and that the other columns
have also been unopposed. The natives
are friendly and supplying food to the
troops.
Peking Column Advances Without
The Taotal of Wangchia-Kou asserts
that a body of troops, supposed to be
German or French, dispersed a force" of
Boxers around \V>nal October 9. inflict
ing severe losses and burning a number of
villages.
General Chaffee has ordered two com
panies of the Ninth United States Infan
try to garrison Tientsin.
The provisional government of Tientsin
has sentenced six Boxers to death.
HEADS OF BOXERS ON WALLS
Encountering Opposition.
PEKING, Oct. 17, via Tientsin and
Shanghai, Oct. IS.— The Peking column of
the Paoting-Fu expedition arrived at a
point six miles south of Chlchow yester
day without encountering opposition.
They found the heads of fourteen Boxers
on the walls at Chouchoon, and they kill
ed several of the Imperial troops.
Field Marshal Count von Waldersee has
arrived here and has been accorded full
military honors. He was accompanied by
an escort of international troops to the
palace of the Dowager Empress.
DRAW UP JOINT PROPOSAL
Prince Ching and Earl Li Submit
Flans for a Settlement.
LONDON, Oct. 18.— It is stated here that
Prince Ching and LI Hung Chang have
finally succeeded in drawing up a Joint
proposal for a settlement. This has Just
been received by the powers. Bevond the
fact that it is likely to require consider
able alteration before proving acceptable,
nothing is ascertainable here regarding
the actual terms. The Chinese Minister
her. Sir Chih Fuh, expressed Ignorance of
such proposal, but it can be deflnlteh- said
that it is now engaging the attention of
the British Foreign Office.
Mourns Loss of Jewels.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 18.— Mrs. Edith P.
Sparks Is mourning the loss of $300 worth
of Jewelry. She is the proprietress of a
lodging house and left her room unlocked
last Friday while she went to dinner.
When she returned her Jewel case contain
ing several valuable rings and other
trinkets set with, diamonds, turquoises and
rubies had disappeared. The theft was at
once reported to the police, but no clew
to the thief has been discovered.
Endeavorers to Meet.
SAN JOSEJ, Oct. 18.— The. Christian En
deavorers of this city are arranging: for
the twenty-fourth semi-annual conven
tion of the County Christian Endeavor
Society, which is to be held at the First
Presbyterian Church to-morrow. There
will bo three sessions— morning, afternoon
and evening-. Every societv in the county
will be represented. A number of inter
esting papers are to be read by promi
nent church and Sunday school workers.
Object to Japanese.
TACOMA, Oct. 18.— A determined effort
is being made i here and at Seattle and
Everett to stop the employment of Jap
anese laborers by railroads and contract
ors. To-day a local firm of contractors
was ordered by the city government to
dismiss a force of Japanese it had em
ployed to construct a sewer. The con-
HAZLETON. Pa.. Oct. 18.— As far as
er.dir.gr the coal-mir.ers' strike Is con
cerned, not a move in that direction was
made by the United Mine "Workers' of
ficials to-day. President Mitchell is abso
lutely silent on all Questions pertaining to
the termination of the contest, and It Is
not believed that he will have anything
to eay on the subject until h© calls a
meeting of the national executive board
for the purpose of considering the ques
tion of issuing a formal declaration call
ing the strike off. When that shall bo
depends, it is understood, entirely upon
the operator &.
The feeling Is prevalent here to-night
that the decision of the operators* meet
ing at Seranton to-day to Insist that the
reduction in the price of powder must b,s
taken Into consideration in determinii;a
the net 10 per cent increase in wages,
has complicated matters somewhat.
Further delay in reaching an amicable
adjustment of the trouble is now feared.
The rituation otherwise is precisely the
came as that which obtained when the
first notice of the coai companies -was
posted. Then, as now, the Reading Com
pany was the first to post a notice of an
advance in wages and was quickly fol
lowed by other large coal companies and
nearly all the smaJler Individual opera
tors, after which Mr. Mitchell Issued the
call lor the Scranton convention.
Lp to to-r.ight four companies in the
H&Zieton district have posted notices ac
cepting the Scranton convention's de
mands. They are the I^ehlgh Valley Coal
Company, operating hnlf a dozen collier
ies in this vicinity; Pardee & Co., two
collieries; Van Wyckle estate, two collier
ies, ar.d A. Pardee & Co.. one collier}'.
Air. Mitchell is extreme^" reticent. It
is supposed he desires to hear reports
from the district officers before making
s-py public expressions as to the possi-
Lilities of an early rrsumption of work.
A meeting of United Mine Workers was
heid here to-day and arrangements were
made for holding a labor demonstration
in this city next Monday. The feature
of the demonstration will be a parade,
followed by a mass-meeting, at which
l*r*-s=id«;r.t Mitchell will be tho principal
speaker. • The Mayor of this city, who re
luSed to allow the strikers to parade two
weeks ago, has granted permission fcr
the demonstration next week.
SCHANTON. Pa.. Oct. IS.—Representa
tives of nearly all the Lig ooaJ companies
cf the region conferred here to-day and
made an agreement to amend the notice*
already posted by attaching to them:
"In further explanation of the above
notice this company desires to say that
it is tho intention to pay the advance in
wages above noted unti; April 1, 1901. and
thereafter until further notice."
The following statement was issued to
the press:
"Tne representatives of the larger com
panies at their meeting to-day stated in
reply to inquiries that they had offered
their men a lu per cent advance as indi
cated by the notices they had posted: that
this notice- specifically stated that the re
duction of powder from 12 75 to $1 50 would
be considered in arriving at the wages of
their contract miners. It was expected
when the notices were posted that the
offer was to stand until April 1. and in
definitely thereafter, but inasmuch as
there eefrns to be some misunderstanding
In this matter, they have agreed to add
to the'.r notice a clause to the effect that
it is their intention to pay the advance in
wages until April 1, 1901, and thereafter
until further notice."
The conference was held in the office of
the Temple Iron Company, and was at
tended by the following: General Super
intendent E. F. Loomls of the Delaware.
Lacka wanna and Western: General Su
perintendent A. A. I.athrop of the Lenigh
Valley: Cer.eral Superintendent M. H.
Starrs of the Scranton Coal Company
f Ontario .-.nd Western): President Wil
liam CoaeeU of the C«nce:i Coal Com
pany, who is chairman of the independent
operators' committee: General Manager
W. A. May of the Hillside Coal and Iron
Company <Erl<?): General Superintendent
W. J. Richards of the Lrhigh and Wilkes-
L>srre Coal Company: General Superin
tendent Morris Williams of the Susque
lianna. Co.il Company (Pennsylvania Rail
road i; General Superintendent Sidney
Williams of the Pennsylvania Coal Com
pany (Erie and Wyominp): General Su
perintendent J. L. Crawford of the Temple
Iron Company: General Superintendent
Reese J. Brooks of the Longcliffe-Green
Company.
President Mitchell. District President T
D. Nichols. District Secretary J t
Dempsey and National Organizer Fred"
Dll'-hrr of the United Mine Workers have
p.'.] been ouoted as saying that the resolu
tions of the Scranton convention contem
plated a straight advance of 10 r>er cent
fnr all rarts of the region, and that the
matter of having this increase made up In
r-nrt by a decrease In cost of powder in
i hope urpcr regions, where powder is sold
for 12 TT, n kep. was not agreed to The
powder question, they one and all paid
wss l«*t out of the present negotiations.'
with the understanding that it was to be
nnde one of the prriev«inccs to be adjusted
In the conferences •which, the offer says,
the operators agree to have with the men
to "take in any grievances they may
have."
President Mitchell, who was informed
by telephone of the act of the operators,
stated that he would have to decline to
discuss its probable effect in regard to a
settlement until he had given the matter
careful consideration. He would not sav
whether it would be possible to deal with
the difficulty without calling another con
vention.
President Nichols, whose whole district
is affected by the powder question, said
this evening that it looked to him as if
another convention was necessary.
"I do not know that the delegates will
consent to waiving their demand for a
straight increase and allowing the substi
tution of this clause about powder, which
the operators are so insistent about,"
sai.l he. "But without their consent I
don't soe how the matter can b« adjusted.
To me it looks like a prolongation of the
fight."
The Gibbon Coal Company's drift, which
supplies fuel for the city stores, started
! up this morning full-handed, with the ap-
I proval of the T'nited Mine Workers. It
i is understood that the company will mine
only sufficient coal to fill its contract with
the school district. The men are to receive
a straight 10 per cent advance. Fifty men
are omplcyed.
POPULATION OF ARIZONA
HAS GREATLY INCREASED
Returns Mad? Public by the Census
Bureau Show a Gain of 1O4.9
Per Cent.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 18.— The Census
Bureau to-day made public the returns of
population for the Territory of Arizona.
The population of the Territory in 1900 is
122,212, as compared with a population of
59.620 in 1S&X This shows an increase dur
lnr the decade of 62,592. or 104.9 per cent.
This larce increase is due in part to the
feet thai there were 2S.463 Indians and 104
other persons, or a total of 25,623 persons
on Indian reservations, etc., in Arizona,
who were enumerated In ISM under the
provisions of the census act, but were not
included in the general population of the
Territory at that census. The population
of th* Territory in 1S70 was 965S, and dur
ing the ten years from 1S70 to 1SS0 it in
creased 30.772. or 318.7 per cent, giving a
population in 1SS0 of 40.440. The population
in 1S90, as stated tn the report for that
census, was 59,620. representing an in
crease during the decade of 19.180. or 49 4
per cent.
The population of Arizona in 1900 is more
than twelve times as large as the popu
lation jriven for 1ST0, in the first census
taken after its organization as a Terri
tory in 1S53.
The total land surface of Arizona is ap
proximately 112,920 square miles.
BOERS VERY TROUBLESOME
CUTTING TELEGRAPH LINES
Their Attacks Are Becoming Intol
erable, as the Repairing Line
men Always Need Escorts.
PRETORIA, Oct. IS.— The Boers are
daily tearing portions of the railroad and
cutting the telephone and telegraph wires.
Their attacks are Intolerable. The re
pairing linemen cannot leave the garri
soned points without considerable escorts.
The only remedy seems to be to corral all
the burghers and deport them, as appar
ently none of them can be trusted.
STRONGLY ESTABLISHED.
Rebels I>eclare That China Is at the
Mercy of Her Foes.
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyright. 1900, by the Herald Pub
lishing Company.
HOXGKOXG, Oct. IS.— The rebels are
strongly established with headquarters at
Waichu. Their leaders, who are apparent
ly disciples of Kang Yu Wei. have issued a
manifesto proclaiming that China is com
pletely at the mercy of her foes, for
which the mandarins are freely respon
sible. Everything is dulet on the British
frontier. The rebels have gone northward
toward Canton.
FOBTY-TWO BODIES ARE
FOUND AT GALVESTON
Total Number of Cadavers Reported
to Have Been Recovered Up to
Date Is Fixed at 2907.
GALVESTON'. Tex.. Oct. 1?.— One
month and ten days have elapsed sines
th»? storm and still the number of dead
bodies being recovered dally does not de
crease. Forty-two were recovered to
day. This makes a record of 107 for the
pa?t four days. The total, number of
bodies reported to have been recovered is
2M7.
Coal Miners to Demand Straight .Increase
in Wage Scale Regardless of Price
of Powder.
DELAY IN REACHING
STRIKE ADJUSTMENT
Tells Also of the Condition of the
Troops Who Have Been Sta
tioned in the Philippine
Islands.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 18.-The report of
Surgeon General Sternberg, United States
army, states that tho force or the medical
department consists of 192 officers, which,
he says. Is not enough in view of the
large number of defense stations and the
troops operating In Cuba. Porto Rico,
Hawaii and the Philippines. The con
tract surgeons have, rendered excellent
service, but the surgeon general thinks
the corps should be Increased. Refer
ence Is made to the good work the Army
Nurse Corps has performed. The medi
cal statistics in the report relate entirely
to the calendar year ib'jQ and nothing la
given concerning the statistics for 1900.
A report from the chief surgeon of the
Philippines, dated August 15. 1900, is
given, showing a percentage of S.5 sick
for the command, the total strength oi
the army in the Philippines at that time
being 60,534. The sick were divided as
follows:
Sick in quarters, 1261; sick in regimental
hospitals. 1119; sick in miUtar«- hospitals
in department, 1241; sick in Manila,hos
pitals 150S. Total sick, 5129.
The surgeon general explains the condi
tions in the Philippines as follows:
"The exposures, fatigues and the excite
ments of a. prolonged campaign are re
sponsible for the large sick list and rela
tively large death roll among the soldiers
in the Philippines. However, the opinion-
Is prevalent among the medical officers
that in time of peace and colng only gar
rison duty the sick rate of the army in
the Philippines would be no higher than
it ordinarily Is in the Southern United
States."
The surgeon general has this to say on
the controversial subject of insanity
among the troops:
"In the army, regulars and volunteers,
during the calendar years 1899 and 1900,
there was reported on the monthly re
ports of elck and wounded 347 cases of
insanity and 202 of these cases, or 58.2 per
cent, were committed to the Government
Hospital for the Insane. One hundred
and thirty-live cases, or 66.7 per cent of the
commitments, recovered after an average
period of detention of 3.9 months. Thir
teen were improved, six died and forty
eight remained unimproved. Ninety-six
of the 347 cases were reported on the
monthly reports of troops serving in the
Pacific islands and thirty-two of these,
or 33.3 per cent, were sent to the Govern
ment I*ospltal for the Insane. Seventeen
cases, or 53.1 per cent of those committed,
recovered in an average period of 3.5
months; two were improved, two died and
eleven remained not improved."
General Sternberg Presents
His Report Upon the
Subject.
ASKS FOR MORE
ARMY SURGEONS
THE SAX FRANCISCO CAM., FRIDAY, OCTOBER 19, 1900.
5
THE ROMANCE
OF
INDIAN KATE,
GEO. CARMACK
WHO
SHOWED THE
GOLD OF
THE KLONDIKE
FROM
GROCER'S
DAUGHTER
PRIVCESS.
THE
LIFE STORY
OF
CLARA
PRENTICE,
NOW
PRINCESS
HATZFELT.
FATAL
FASCINATION
OF
BEAUTY.
THE STORY
DELFINA
LOPEZ,
FOR WHOM
AND
KILLED.
MEN
HAVE FOUGHT
By JOHN L. SULLIVAN.
THE PAST AND FUTURE OF PRIZEFIGHTING.
SOME OF MY
STAGE
EXPERIENCES.
By STUART ROBSON.
DANGLING
FROM
A
BALLOON
A
THOUSAND
FEET
FROM EARTH.
AMERICA'S GREATEST
MATRIMONIAL FREAK.
CALIFORNIA'S STRANGEST
MUSICAL FREAK.
WeeHy Gall $1.00 prYear
Price 25 cents, ah drusgists. or sent post
paid on receipt of price. DR. PAUL. DE
FORD. 175 N. Sprlne St.. Los Angeles. Cat.
THRILLING
ADVENTURES
IN
i INDIA.
AND
ESCAPADES
OF
DAISY LEITER
DR. MEYERS
& CO.,
Specialists
Disease and weak-
ness of men. Es-
tablished 1SS1. Con-
sultation free.
7JJ1 Market st.
(elevator entrance).
San Francisco.
(Ivisrr OR. JORDAN'S grcat^
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY?
it l3) Ma_-_astR.ttt.ft._r_s.s.y.siL^
C7^ The LjrjMt Anatomical Muncum in ibe \
SJ 0»i di»ea«e pc-«i<lv r 'l r eared hr't^loldnt _
ff ffeMul a ?ecuUUtrnt_i.'Co*u. Em.&j<xu*. %i
& i^&l OS- wO3DA!t-FRlYATi C!3-.^SES f
j, »ttJXi9 Ce.wulratksn frw and strirtly pnviti \
9 i X>*X A "£5* l^ nenl personally or *y letter. A _}
is/ HH "• "»• CWe»ne»ery aucundmaken. \
_) r if lv IVmifoiBooi.FUILOsOPnVcfi
W U I XASSlAGe, MA1L&D PR2B. <A™
A & {[. valuable boob for cu>a> \
f OK JonSAS &«O.rjlilarkeis;_.8. £. V
j£fa nM. VIGOR. VITALITY for ME?
MORMON* EISHOP - S PILLd
£*-4(i— » pfA ha*'e been In use over _rty
years by the leaders of tha
«.5i>i?Ue?a Mormon Church and th»lr fol-
6l4^4 »^'Sffi lowers. PositUPly cur?s trt>
r^1*i^raftJ mori< t cases In old ar^l your.i;
SV^T^i V f>_f ariflriK from effects of selj-
MW^lJ/rW abuse, dissipation, excesses op
clnarette-smnklnR. Cures Lo^'
Srff&fwV Manhood. Imrotency. L.is;
V«BSr Power. Night Losses. Insom-
nia, Pains tn Back. Evil Desires. Lame Back.
Nervous Debility. Headache. Unfltness to Mar-
ry. Loss of Semen, **m Vartcocele or Con-
stipation. Stops Ne *^ II rvous Twitching
of Kyellds. Effects £Z.,j£L* r e ln«nediat».
Impart vigor and*» E " T ' = *patency to every
function. Don't eet despondent; a cure lit at
hand. Restores small. ' undeveloped organs.
Stimulates the brain and nerve centers; 50c a
box; 6 for 12 EO by mall. A written guarantee to
cure or money refunded with « boxes. Circulars
free. Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 EUU
St.. San Francisco. C*L. GRANT DRUO CO.
SS and 40 Third mU-"
.-¦- i ..,..,.. i ,. i .. I ..I..T..T. .1. .T- W .. i ..T.. i ,, I .. I .. W . <
' In the Sunday Call of Oc- !
tober 18, Stuart Bobson tells •
some interesting: stories and !
reminiscences of great player
folk of the old days. ',
THE EMPOBITTM. | THE EMPOBITTM. | THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM.
I Another Biff Bargain ****** f||C FMHM1^B1R&£ i" 00 ,"? important Saie
i in Ladies' Shoes. %T o \ n o % Ml KWjrV|fl|J||l £ = / /s of VeU i ngSm
S (**-¦ Mm *d(Z Ladits' Vici Kid this week Coktenifcale Baz&ajt. inSatnrdiy'a Positively the biggest and be3t
* |aI V^T Oxfords, hand- $3*75 California's largest-America's grandest store. Papers. Veiling Bargain ever offered by
•f &^>>Nbv \ tU ?*\ ?i! eS ' ? at " ~~ : 1 : the E-nporiim; 2000 yards of IS inch all-
s' V^T\ Ifc*^ leather tip?, «3ini## *?&Z*4aaw*r&"3*%b r~> si k V?Mngs th» seasan'9 moit deairab'e
$ new con toes, a F T"* t**ajT *8M§U 0<flUrfll^y ±^% sty i e ,; black, black on white. ,oyal. cayy.
K v ,, ,„ , , , neat servic9ab!e -_ _ _ d 9 - m __ - T^j brown, grays ; moie than 30 d fferent sty!e3
3 da 0 ;; leu D2 t0 " Si.48 Sates Men's anil Boys' JjL ? *****!* *«** m^ an the J.w
$ day* Belling. v'tVO *F A*-V\ velvst spot effects; worth 25c, 35c and
j: SI Wrappers 73®. Men's $W and $12.50 Business <^M^ 7 * # Ofi T_^ — u d n oo
5 H New Flannelette Wr.p- Suits $7.95-To-day and Saturday-A small lot 52f \V >l C 4 H WashBo!!ers93c.
*" WflL P e "j p ««"n pattern .atnutBO) Sty ish and Seasonable Sack Suit*, mad? /^bv-f Sf\. W isifltoi'er^ wfth lS f=^ — _E____^k
S T?f lined waist, just like pic- of fino all - wool tweeds and cassim»r« sa-Mnj*. /jNH/X 1 /^ Yf «,„!.!, -™- Ka.»-™^ Ti^--~ KIT*
* JkL *? re - col °» Purple, Ii K ht well lined and tailored, perfect (7 Q« W Tw / / ?K S • s£ "to "fit* IS F?
5 Mraj^A braids, all size., repularj Boys' $3.95 VostDO Suits $2. 65- -S //| I / regnary $1 o each;
* jy each ' t0 " d3 7 c Forages 3 to 10 years, all wool cheviots and casaimare.v /A] ' J on\ZZT..?™.....!!*Z 93 C
% T/'^vVY ' *" jicket with a new coat collar, open or clossd vj?t. *| \ /If
£ ZlMlI TaSIon tr nrn-d in the ben possiblera^ner.-wirth ¦ U VI / IX- Children's DrBSS
I ili! T ssos *' 2 - ac - \t$™^™™—.~™. $2.65 S- 5 *-^-^
I SlipSliliiii ft-OO, 01. tQ and '$1.25 /\U|^ SiT_- t '_K ! !
I SllilpMI BI^Qk Silks 86®. LOD#K£fS
£ ![° ™J e wa ' e d aE(^ pebb ,° An assorted lot of about 500 yards of G:>od Black Slks— the L4 ! *- v S4.OO
I W a™a'l te nhri*]l sma11 quantities remaining from lines that are almost sold out— - D/f f \ %\S L Wh , t
t $16..",", today an.i to-^ m ° '' are rffjred to-dav *t a fraoioi cf their real woith. T.iey are chiefly B ack Peau / / < % \\ Cas'hmere
tf morrow §B/!Sc$Q d 1 .Soie^, Sr»' in Luxor.* ard Sir.ih;. all goo 1 black Lyon-dved silks, made especia ly / / ? \\ cfoat deep t em-
j Jk* ............. ..... gj.j.j.j an( j s hirr. waists, ranging in wid:a from 21 to 24 inche?, for wheh oar Id \ \\ broide*-ed C a te
; *" ¦ re^a'ar iow prices have been from $1.00 t> *1.25 per yarJ, to-day &££** I // ' \ skirt line! and in'
|| Berry PlaiesBo Each ? '"'" °°' y ' : " ; : W ° U — -* _3Sj_3ffiiS
if K^gZZZteSSSgttSZZ 3 Great Milltnory Specials. Groceries, Liquors.
g I ™i7X P ri 1 T»^'™t! a T 8l ™J d "" 1 One Lot of 87.50 Hats-Of fine JI(V Soap-C.d.w. dLJ ic. tb. .»-
£ .ta,.-1?,\I ?v «c" h%1 ¦"'"- material, made by our be=t hands, all (5iM#J '¦»;"»"•• *»4» '33 bar, (.r...J..J/.OO
| i™;rl»%"pri:I"*!rTV.ck™. :8C Wok; special lor to- -9 fS J^^fL P»tatoc,-F. M rB»rb.nk. 6 ..b,7S O
** •»2_M?yisP f OnG L0t Of Ladies S6.50 Bon- Imported Sardines— Fine grad- in
125 Ef5Vefoj3SS for 23c. '^^^M nets — In the latest shape?, fine ma- (8*" **"W pur* oii-e oH. i» with key. per tin IOo
f 5000 B » O3iil Square-S laped Enve opes in \ ' * ¥ terlal?, as £00(1 as we Can make -\y\/Xr Doxes Clam J uice ~ To-day, per tin..
| pS|ip*^i^ JgSu Z":.^™ 1 *".* 0 : $4.OO "'^^E^E^F:I^&
*I — "*^ One Lot of Fine $18.00 ioques — Of best vel- Coffee— Our popular Java and Mocha;
f | Dress SU*. We. %J^.™ A . «^. .~^ ly m ade; gg
*,* Our N3«- buyer pickei up another : . '75o
% Shse Bags 27o. Husk Towels 12c.
\ .tock." T»er. ,ret7G ,,air 8 in ,bfa lot „¦ 8-pocke. &. b", nade of brnw. ftSS* h.av r . Ki „».. Hack,, 1 !"'"'' 0 "!'^" 1 '%oi
* the best cambric-coverej onorlesia dwash- linen, bound with red braid, stamped in bick Towels, large sizj 18x3i inches), Angostura Bitters— To-day only per
tf abe shields, sizes 2 and 3. w..rth 15c ,and a varie v « f pattern* for etching, wih nicely berimed ends, 100 doz^n only at bonle Rin
* i^% a rid a av oTv PCCial S0!i " WO b ° le O 7c to t y ' 3 Specia! "' e P ric? ' 1*~ B\^b^yB^ndy-Q;^'i^
» ligiTiaay ony... tUL very specnl pnci, each -_?#£? each #__?C to-day only........ 75o
...OCTOBER 21. 1831...
SUNDAY CALL
TO
TO
(Nature's Choice I
"Ko=Nut" I
I A Pure Sterilized Cocoa- I
nut Fat. p
Never gets rancid. S
Twice the shortening pow- 1
er of lard. S
For Shortening: |
and Frying:. |
Guaranteed free from ani- I!
mat matter. N
1 Ask your grocer, or write I
I India Refining Co., I
I Philadelphia. |
f£v$&}!fc'$t*. I W «N fruarantpe
i&SP^-Sj*^ "* at nheuniatUm
£P^$&&i&sirK ure n ' i;1 relieve lum-
$%y b a *°- sciatica and nil
*§a d$&l rheumatic pains in
%w SSSr*i^^^^ * wo cr tbree ,honrs,
\r >?>H&j5£f find CUre in a * ew
\ ' JUNTOS*.
At sll drngiTists,
•f^^E-*»3^£Y>'?iv 25c - a via l- Gnide
to Health and medi-
M | P. en I advice free.
<• • 1505 Arch st.. Phils."Send both by mail."
At every performance when this Joke is sprung McKinley's name Is re
ceived with loud applause. In fact, at all of the theaters a McKinley Joke
this year is more loudly cheered than a Joke that favors Bryan. Even on
the Bowery, a Democratic stronghold, where it is natural to suppose that
Bryan Jokes would go well, the Democratic candidate hasn't the better of
it with the audiences. Many of the comedians who work off political ga^s,
however, do so without prejudice to either candidate. A sketch team at Mi
ner's Bowery, which essays political humor, tries a McKinley verse, sung by
the male members of the team first, and then the female member switches
on to Bryan sentiment. So everybody Is pleased.
Here is a sample of the material turned out by talking comedians:
"Hello, pal. can you tell me where all the members of Tammany Hall are
equally beautiful?"
"Give it up."
"In the dark. But say! What does Bryan want the Presidency for any
how?"
"For Bryan. That McKinley, though. Is a dangerous man."
"Why is he dangerous?"
"He takes life cheerfully."
"Do you think they'll embalm Croker when he dies?"
"No. I trust ice will be cheap when he dies. That reminds me of what
my wife said to the ice that she put in the Icebox this morning."
"What did she say to the take of Ice?"
"You dear little thing."
"Speaking about Croker dying, what do you think his epitaph ought
to be?"
"His trust in the prophets was great, but his profits in the trusts were
greater.
"That was a touching incident."
"What?"
"Croker hitting the candidates for coin."
"I can tell you a capital thing for the candidates— cash."
"I got one lor you. Why is Bryan like- Oom Paul?"
"Give it up." '
"Because he's a great bore."
"When McKinley gets in he'll make a dollar bill go as far as a ten-dollar
"No, but they show which way the wind blows."
The most popular of this year's crop of campaign Jokes seems to be one
sprung at the Victoria Music Hall by the Rogers Brothers. Gus Rogers
starts in by saying that it looks as if McKinley will surely win.
"Why?" inquires his brother.
"There ere more McKinley banners than Bryan banners in town."
"Banners don't vote."
CALIP0RNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. Oct. 18.— San Francisco
Ex-Governor James H. Budd is at tlio
Grand Union; Miss Chesebrough and H.
C. Chesebrough are at the Holland; J. F.
Donohoe is at the Herald Square; A. Els
bach Is at the Cosmopolitan; Mrs. E.
Fields 18 at the Ashland; A- F. Johns Is
at the Astor House; M. Walter Is at the
Herald Square; Z. J. Zellerbach is at the
In deciding, even at this late day, to investigate the
ca.se of the notorious James Taylor Rogers the Bar
Association evidently believes that decency at home
is some guarantee of respect and repute abroad.
Another privilege of our policemen, almost sacred
in its antiquity, is being questioned with great se
rioufness. Two of the "finest" have been called to
account for condemning their superiors — a pastime
which e\-erybody indulges.
The Market Street Company has been ordered
once more by the Supervisors to remove its unused
rails in this city. This command has been given so
often that the offending company might introduce a
little novelty into the affair by obeying the command.
The Merchants' Association has made a most ex
traordinary request. It has asked the Board of Pub
lic Works to expend some money for the improve
ment of streets. Dors not the association know that
the Board of Public Works, as at present constituted,
devotes its energies exclusively to provide for its sal
ary roll?
When William Jennings Bryan pats his well-filled
purse and reflects it would be probably a very serious
task to persuade him that he who sows the wind reaps
the whirlwind.
The social conventionalities of life in the Philip
pines must be observed, it appears, at all hazards. The
reports say that a Filipino outlaw was executed re
cently at "high noon."
Another of the cherished and profitable institutions
of our politicians is in danger. State educators seem
honestly inspired by a desire to destroy the school
book ring and its dishonest gains. . •
Health affairs seem to travel in a circle in Havana.
If no sewers are laid people will be stricken with yel
low fever. If the streets are opened for sewers resi
dents will get the dread disease anyway.
Lord Roberts has complimented Buller and sent
him home. A letter of congratulation from Kruger
ought to have completed, the^ ceremony, which will
never hide the record of persistent -defeat.
The local political campaign has at last started in
serious earnest. .If the leather-lunged orators are to be
believed there is not a candidate on any of the tickets
v/ho is worthy of being admitted to a self-respecting
society of incorrigibles.
It is not by any means unlikely that while some
men are willing to give $1000 to get a peep into the
records of Harbor Commission scandals there are
other men who would give much more than the same
amount to keep those records closed.
The apostle of the "Truth Knowers" who fleeced
hundreds of Wisconsin gullibles and decamped with
several thousand dollars may have taught his victims
something of value in the school of experience. They
certainly know more of the truth of the adage that
many men are fools.
WHEN Owen Glendower proudly boasted, "I
can call spirits from the vasty deep," the
- skeptical Hotspur replied: "So can I, and so
can any man; but will they come?" Adlai Steven
son is one of the fellows who have spirits come when
he calls them. He has just given the county a proof
of it, but the proof is of a kind to which neither the
gifted Adlai nor any of his descendants to the re
motest generation will ever point with pride. In fact
the proof shows that Stevenson's spirits come even
when not called for, that they interfere with his intel
lectual make-up and render him ridiculous.
All that evidence is to be found in the current num
ber of the North American Review. Stevenson, with
several other distinguished gentlemen, v»as invited to
contribute a paper to a symposium on "The Present
Duty of American Citizens." Mr. Stevenson of
course maintained that the duty of citizens at present
is to work for Bryan and himself, and to vote for their
electoral ticket on election day. By way of argument
he declared the country to be in grave danger from
thr growing power of money and commercialism,
and to confirm his theory he quoted to show "how
prophetically" Lincoln had been impressed by the
signs of danger from a letter said to have been written
by Lincoln in 1864 this passage: "But I see in th
near future a crisis approaching that unnerves me and
causes me to tremble for the safety of my country. As
a result of the war corporations have been enthroned,
and an era of corruption in high places will follow,
ard the money power of the country 'will endeavor to
prolong its reign by 'working upon the prejudices of
the people until all wealth is aggregated in a few
hands and the republic will be destroyed."
The pa'ssage was duly published and was doubtless
hailed by the Bryanite quoters from Lincoln with
Rreat glee. The gladness, however, was short-lived.
It appears from reports that come to us that neither
Secretary Hay nor Mr. Nicolay, the biographers of
0DLAI f?ND THE SPIRITS.
J. H. Hackfeld, a member of the well
known firm of H. Hackfeld & Co. of
Honolulu/accompanied by his "wite, ar
rived on the steamer Peking yesterday
and they ha\-e taken apartments ut the
Occidental. Mr. Hackfeld's firm is asent
for many of the big steamship lines and
also extensive importers and exporters.
Charles J. Devereaux, a wealthy resi
dent of Boston, Is at the/ California. He
Is accompanied by his daughter, who has
Just graduated from college. After a tour
of the State they will take an extended
European trip. .
Jerome Case Bull and wife ot Santa
Cruz have taken apartments at the Cali
fornia for a few days. Mrs. Bull has
written a number of very clever etorles.
Mr3. C. . W. Van Patten, superintendent
of one of the larg-e schools at Yokohama.
Japan, came In on the Peking yesterday
and Is stopping at the Occidental.
H. "\V. Fullerton, wife and child, are
stopping at the Palace. Mr. Fullerton Is
a New York merchant.
Frank P. Colman and wife of Memphis,
Tenn., are at the Palace. Mr. Colman Is
a large merchant.
G. S. Holmes, proprietor of the Knut
ford Hotel at Salt Lake City, Is at the
Faiace. ,
"W". S. Stone and wife of Yreka are at
the Russ. Mr. Stone is a wealthy land
owner.
J. Chadburn and wife of Los Angeles
are spending a few days at the Palace.
J. T. Grace, a Santa Rosa politician, IS
at the Grand.
George E. Raum, a New York capitalist,
is at the Palace.
Frank Knox, a Salt Lake City banker,
Is at the Palace.
D. B. Hart and wife are at the Grand.
Mr. Hart is an attorney.
E. Trude of Big Pine, owner of the
borax mines, Is stopping at the Russ.
E. A. Uaverstick, a prominent St.* Paul
merchant. Is registered at the Palace.
PERSONAL MENTION.
There was a time when the Merchants' Association
appeared to possess considerable influence at the City
I Jail, but evidently that time has passed. In view of
pM these facts, therefore, it appears to be in order to
ask what Mayor Phelan intends to do at the end of
this fiscal year with the surplus of $200,000? Does h:
intend to devote it to some beneficent purpose or to
check it off in salaries for his "organization"?
Instead of raising Mr. Reed's figures to $200,000 and
passing the resolution unanimously, the Supervisors
permitted Mr. Phelan to refer it as introduced to the
Finance Committee. How much "hard work" will be
necessary to get it out of this committee later on no
man enn tell. Supervisor Reed is reported to have
f::id that he will certainly accomplish the task, but he
I: alone, and apparently outnumbered (including the
Mayor) by eighteen men.
At Monday's meeting of the Supervisors Mr. Reed
introduced a resolution declaring the intention of tho
board to appropriate Sioo.ooo out of any surplus funds
available at the end of the fiscal year for the recon
struction of these accepted streets. It is assumed that
the amount available will be $200,000. So Mr. Ree-i
displayed considerable self-abnegation in asking for a
division of the total sum between the people and the
politicians of this administration.
To a person unaccustomed to view things from a
"reform "political standpoint it would not seem neces
sary for anybody to "work hard" to get an appropria
tion for the prosecution of these street improvements,
all of which have been recommended by the Mer
chants' Association. Vet it appears that nothing short
of the hardest kind of work will accomplish such a
result.
Miles upon miles of these basalt blocked streets, in
deed, are a disgrace to American civilization, as well
as a standing menace to the safety of every person
vho travels over them in vehicles drawn by horses.
On July i. 1899. there were a little more than 18^
miles of accepted streets in this city. It is probably a
fact that not a dozen blocks of the vast area repre
sented by these figures are at the present moment in
the state of repair required by law. If there are any
blocks in first-class condition they would be the ex
ception* which would prove the rule. Many miles of
these streets are paved with cobbles, which long since
have been condemned as a material for street paving
ir every large city in the world. Many more miles of
them are paved with basalt blocks laid on sand — a
species of pavement which has been under the ban in
San Francisco for ten years.
Exactly why these two powerful influences should
have to "work hard"' for so beneficent and necessary
v a municipal pyrpose is not explained. So we are left
to infer that no matter how worthy the subject in hand
may be. "hard work" is necessary at the City Hall to
get any money for it.
WhjflT WILL HE DO WITri IT?
ACCORDING to a report from the City Hail
the Merchants' Association and Supervisor
Reed are "working hard" to get a portion of
the surplus expected from the increase in the assess
ment roll of the current fiscal year for the repaving
of certain accepted streets in the business portion of
That is the kind of representative California should
have at Washington— one who looks after all the in
terests of our people, one who can be counted on to
work for every measure that tends to our welfare.
The Hon. Julius Kalin should be re-elected by a big
majority.
Thus in a recent address he said: "I am pleased to
say that the outlook for the passage of numerous bills
it; which our citizens nre interested is most promising.
Among these are^he bills to restrict the sale of con
vict-made goods to the States in which they are manu
factured. This bill passed the House and is now pend
ing before the Senate. The bill for the construction
of a cable to Hawaii and the Philippine Islands has
psssed the Senate and will undoubtedly pass the
House. I shall not only strongly urge its passage,
but I shall insist that the cable be manufactured in the
United States, and, if possible, in San Francisco.
The prospect for the passage of a bill for the construc
tion of a new Custom-house is most favorable. I
shall continue to labor for the welfare of my city and
my State, and promise you that I shall spare no effort
to secure for San Francisco and California every ad
vantage to which they are entitled."
The quality of Mr. Kahn's work in Congress may
be measured by the character of the appeals he is
making to the voters in the campaign. He is not in
dulging in flights of rhetoric pleasing to the ear but
conveying no message to the brain. On the con
trary, he is, in the language of the street, "talking
business." He knows the needs of the State, he
knows what can be dene at Washington to further
Pacific Coast interests, he knows what measures of
special importance to us are now pending there, and,
moreover, he knows how best to support them.
Mr. Kahn is in every way deserving of the cordial
support thus given him by the business and the work
ing men of his district. During his service at Wash
ington he has devoted himself to the material welfare
of the people of San Francisco, of California and of
the whole Pacific Coast. While he possesses an elo
quence that would easily win for him a brilliant repu
tation in the House as an orator, he has preferred to
make himself known primarily as a worker. Upon
every measure affecting the welfare of his constituents
he has been untiring in his efforts, and despite the fact
that he was a new man in the House and without
piestige or wide acquaintance there, he accomplished
much for the city and the State.
The people of California, it appears, have at last be
gun to understand that fact and have had the intel
ligence to profit by it. Most of the Republican candi
dates for Congress arc men who have had experience
in the House and have been renominated. Abundant
evidence shows that in many cases these men are
going to have not only the Republican but the full
independent vote of their districts. Such is unmis
takably the case in the Fourth District, where the
Hon. Julius Kahn has been renominated. Many
business men have declared an intention to support
him without regard to party, on the simple proposi
tion that he not only stands for the n.aintenance of
existing prosperity, sound money and protection, but
for the business and industrial interests of the whole
State. Looking at the question from the standpoint
of practical men of affairs, they perceiveit would be
folly to defeat a faithful and experienced representa
tive for the mere purpose of making an experiment
with a new man, who is not only tied up to Bryanism
but has had no experience at Washington.
ONE of the most satisfactory characteristics of
recent politicaj developments in California is
the tendency of the people to return to Con
gress men who have been tried in office and proven
themselves worthy. The Call has often preached the
wisdom of that practice. By no other method can
Californians ever hope to attain at the national capi
tal the prestige to which they are rightly entitled. So
long as California constituencies send new men to the
House of Representatives, so long will they have to be
content with a comparatively inefficient representation
there. In all lines of business experience counts for
much, but in none is it more valuable than in the busi
ness of Congressional work. The members who
know the House and the leaders of the House direct
affairs. The new man has to account himself fortu
nnte if he gets an assignment to an important com
mittee in even a subordinate way; a chairmanship i3
cut of the question.
THE RE-ELECTION OF KAHN.
I simply do not believe that the prin
ciples adopted by the last Democratic
National Convention are good Democ-
I do not like the people who talk
about financial ruin and calamity in the
interests of Mr. McKinley any better
than I did the prophets of evil in the
last Presidential campaign who sup
ported Mr. Bryan.
I am, however, not to be numbered
among those who are predicting finan
cial ruin and the destruction of all our
prosperity if a majority of our fellow
citizens should decide to disagree witl^
those of us who hold the views above
expressed and should elect Mr. Bryan
•President.
I cannot support the platform or the
candidate of the Democracy this year
without voting against the principles
which I have always advocated in pub
lic life, and I am not willing to remain
neutral or to throw away my vote as I
did before.
Editor San Francisco Call: I have
determined to support Mr. McKinley
for President because the Democratic
party, with which I acted, has adopted
a platform containing the doctrines in
which I do not believe and. has named
as its candidate for President a gentle
man who is to my mind not a Demo
crat.
ASHBEL P. FITCH, president of
The Trust Company of America,
New York, and one of the most
prominent Democrats of the Em
pire State, will not vote for Bryan. He
declares his position in the following
statement:
©ire -^iiS^ Cail^
FRIDAY OCTOBER 19, 1000
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
MAXAGKn'S OFFICE Telephone Ppe^J^
PtnLICATlOX OPFICR...Mnrket and Third. S. F.
Telephone I're«» SOI.
EDITORIAL. ROOMS SIT to 221 Slerennon St.
Telephone I'remi 202.
Delivered by Currier*. 15 Cent" Per WeeU.
Mntlf Coplew. B Cent".
Term* l»r Mull. Ineladlnit I*o»tBKe«
r»AILT CALL (including Sunday), one year *«••*
DAILY CALL (lnrl'jdinif Sunday). 6 months 3.00
DAfLT CAUL (Including Sunday). S months 1-50
DAILY CALI T?y S=in«le Month 65c
BOTPAT CALL. One Tear lM
WEEKLY CALL. One Year 10°
All i>n Minn* tor* are nnthorUed to receive
Kobiiprtptlonii.
Eamplf foplet will be forwarded when requested.
Mail Fu!;F<-rtN»r9 in ordering char.jre of address should oe
particular to give both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Injure a prompt an( j correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAM) OFFICE 111H Broadnar
GEORGE C. KROGXESS,
Manager Foreign Advertising. Marquette Building. Chicago.
<Long Distance Telephone "Central :619.">
ICEW TOnK CORRESPONDENT!
C. C. CAI1LTOX Herald Square
NEW TOrtK REPRESENTATIVE:
VTEPHEK B. SMITH SO Tribune nntldlnK
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
WaJd^rf-Aftcrla Hotel; A. Brentano. n Union Square;
Murray HSM Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Fnerman House; P. O. New* Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
Fremont Houm; Auditorium Hotel.
\V.IS1!I\OTO> <D. C> OFFICE. . . . 14OO G St., >". W.
MOKTOX K. CRANK, Correnpondent.
BRAXCH OFFIfBS 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay, op-n
urttl »:30 o"clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
McAIllFter. open until P:20 o'clock/ 615 Larkln. open until
J-30 o^clock 1M1 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 1261 Market.
corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until * o'clock. NW. cor
n'r Twi-rtv-fwviiKl anil Kentucky, open until 9 o'clrx-k.
These are the reasons of an honest man who, hav
ing intelligence to perceive that he has been wrong,
does not permit mere partisan considerations to re
strain him from profiting by the lessons of experience.
There are many workingmen who have changed from
Bryanism for similar reasons, and the explanation of
Mr. Sibley's flop will go far to. account for the indif
ference of the whole people to Bryan's campaign.
Mr. Sibley took a firm stand in favor of t'le up
building of an American merchant marine, and de
clared he could no longer be a member of a party
which opposes every effort in that direction. "When, 1 '
said he. "I sec this nation's products carried to mar
ket under a foreign flag, in foreign ships, manned by
foreign seamen, and to whom we pay two hundred
millions of dollars each year, when the proposition is
made by this administration to build up an American
merchant marine, which shall carry our products to
market in American ships, sailed by American sailors,
and when the committee of which my honored friend
from Ohio. General Grosvenor, is chairman, presents
such a bill in the House of Representatives, and I
have to cither oppose that bill or flop, which do you
think it will be?"
Mr. Sibley went on to point out that what has been
attained is but the earnest of what we may expect
from the continuance of Republican policies. The
statesmanship which opens and secures for us the
avenues to the trade of the Orient will bring marvel
ous rewards to American labor. The demand for
wheat and corn among the Chinese will afford an
ample market for all the wheat the Pacific Coast can
grow, and, as Mr. Sibley said: "The great movement
of wheat from the Red River country in future will
be toward the Orient and not toward Europe. Wheat
being the great staple among agricultural products,
will make the farmer what he once was. and what he
always should be, the king among men."
The orator went on to remind his audience that un
der the Democratic regime sheep brought only about
one dollar in the market, but are now worth from
three to four dollars; that in 1896 -,ve imported from
foreign countries 230.000,000 pounds of wool, while in
1899 we imported but 76,000.000 pounds; that cotton
which sold for four cents under the last administration
brings from nine to ten cents under McKinley; that
farm products generally have advanced from 25 to 125
per cent since the Republican tariff went into effect;
that .wages in nearly all industries have been increased
from 10 to 100 per cent, and in 1899 there were paid
out to wage-earners in this country $769,000,000 more
than were paid out in 1S96: that in his own district
the wages of miners have risen from 40 cents to
80 cents a ton for digging coal, and that wages of
lumbermen had risen from $1 25 to $2 50 a day.
Then he added: "When I see furnaces blazing, forges
glowing, looms weaving; when I hear shuttles click
ing and spindles humming; when brawn and brain
each find fair recompense whether in factory or in
field. I will, as a man who aims to be loyal to his
fellows, his country and his Creator, try my level ba=t
to maintain that condition, call me what you will."
Mr. Sibley did not in any way evade the charge of
changing his opinions. He said frankly: "If looking
at the present and trusting for a grander future,
rather than facing backward to fan the smoldering
embers of the past, constitutes me a flopper, please
enumerate me as one." He then went on to say:
"Whenever I see men who have been working for one
dollar a day able to earn two dollars; when the man
who earned two dollars can have the opportunity to
ci-rn three, I will flop as often as it may be necessary
to help that condition for that man to continue.
When from 1893 to 1896 47 per cent of the wage
carncrs of this country were unemployed or working
on short hours, and to-day only three-eighths of one
per cent of the wage-earners are unemployed, I will
flop to help keep these men employed, whenever and
wherever it is demanded. When under a free trade
tariff bill we saw our nation largely importing its
manufactured necessities, and when under this admin
istration we are manufacturing not only for ourselves
but are supplying the other nations of the world with
the products fabricated by American hands in Ameri
can workshops, you can make a fair guess that I will
flop to help that cause along. Last year we sent from
our American workshops to foreign nations $330,000,
000 worth of manufactured products, this year $432,
000,000; and with the assured certainty that with the
present policy maintained these exports will within
six years reach more than $1,000,000,000 annually,
thereby requiring double the workshops of the present
and affording double the present opportunity for hon
est labor and honest capital to meet with substantial
recompense, I will flop, and flop until I can be right
side up in line with that policy."
WHEN the Hon. Joseph C. Sibley of Pennsyl
vania, who was elected as a Democrat to Con
gress, denounced Bryanism, declared his con
version to "Republicanism and accepted the Republi
can nomination for Congress he was charged with
being a "flopper." That charge he met in a recent
speech to his constituents, giving reasons for his
change and at the same time showing good cause why
thousands of others should flop with him.
WHY SIBLEY FLOPPED.
Bryan's fashion of garbling statements from Lin
coln is crude compared with Stevenson's method. In
fact the latter opens up a new field for enterprising
reformers. They can get spirits of all the immortal
dead to come up and furnish prophetic warnings of
dangers ahead. Adlai has made the ten strike of the
campaign.
Lincoln, had ever found them in his writings, and Mr.
Hay says there is nothing like them in any speech or
utterance of Mr. Lincoln. But Mr. Hay had heard
of them. His first acquaintance with this "prophecy"
published by Mr. Stevenson was in 1898, when it was
"announced" by a traveling spiritualist named Cora
Hatch, who gave it as a message received by her
while in communication with the spirit of Lincoln,!
SAN MATEO CARS-A. S. and A. D.
G-, City. The electric cars of the Saii
Francisco and San Mateo line commenced
running between San Francisco and Ba
den in April, 1S92. Car No. 51 of the San
Francisco and San Mateo line measures-
Length over all. 36 feet 4 Inches; wyith 3
feet 6 inches; height from track to frolley
board. 11 feet 6% Inches. These are all
outside measurements.
IL £l NOT VOT^-A- J. J.. Stockton.
Cal. The citizens of the Hawaiian Isl
ands, Porto Rico and the Philippines will
not vote at the next Presidential election
for electors. The Territories of the
United States vote for delegates to Con
gress, who pave voice but no vo'e but
they do not vote for Presidential electors.
LEAVING A SHIP-J. P. 8., City. As a
rule sailors on American vessels ship for
R »J oya .| e tro C? rort to P° rt - On English
shins they ship for the round voj-age
If they leave at a port before returning
to the home port they do so at their own
risk, as they lose their pay
THE MUSIC STAND-M. C, Citv Th«
first contract to build the new music" stand
i$« G ££2 H ate^ Park was let «n June
1899. The stand was completed in t*l
first week of last September. It colt 170
Stone. ° materlal used » 9 ColuSTLffi:
NO PREMUIUM-K. M. Q. 'iJeswiek
Cal. A United States $5 piece' coS In
1R3S does not command a premium from
dealers in coins. *»um
COTTON MILLS-J. K.. Cornin* Cal
There is an establishment in East Oak
land known as the California Cotton Mills"
ANSWERS TO CORESPONDENTS.
THE ROANOKE-J. P. S ., City. The
home port of the American ship Roanoke
IS r»ii t II, JV1©.
CALIFORNIA^ IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON. Oct. 18.-H. H. Fine of
Stockton is at the St. James; j. r Ryf
land and son and Miss Ryland of San
Jose are at the Arlington.
House. J ° Se ~ C ' BenneU IS at the A* 1 ™
m2££K£°- *"** Md *"• are * the
Views of the Press
on Topics of the
Times.*
UP-TO-DATE
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
WASHINGTON STAR-In giving US
views General Harrison well understock
the situation and what was desired of
him. He was not oblisred to break his
silence. Had he felt otherwise than in
clined to give his party the benefit of Us
full and unalloyed support he would of
course, as an honorable man, have pri
vately declined his party's Invitation for
some expression from him. The fact that
he responded to it, therefore, sufficiently
attests his Interest In the campaign hU
unreserved sympathy with his party in
all of Its leadlnff purposes and polieW
and his fervent desire for Republican suc
cess at the polls.
NEW YORK SUN— If the Southern
States are disposed to treat illiteracy as
a disqualification for the franchise there
is nothing in the constitution to prevent
them from doing it: but the discrimina
tion of the "grandfather clause" is plainlv
unconstitutional, for it is against a single
race. Moreover, the fourteenth amend
ment subjects the disfranchising State tr.
a proportionate diminution of Its ba«is o'
representation; and eventually the other
States will compel the enforcement of th-^
provision, in order to secure their proper
relative power under the constitution.
ATLANTA CONSTITUTION— The ques
tion of education Is no longer debatable
so far as we^are concerned. The States
of the North and West have magnificently
endowed institutions of public character,
not to speak of the $1LO,(V)0,000 invested In
other institutions of learning. We are
thrown into competition with such people
as these, and if we do not make an effort
to keep up with th© procession nothing
is more certain than that our children
will become the serfs of those of other
States.
NEW YORK TRIBUNE— What would
John Bright say if he could come back to
Birmingham, always solidly Liberal in h?3
time, when its workingmen had no votes
to cast, and find that with full manhood
suffrage every Birmingham M. • P. is a
Tory and elected on a jingo war cry at
that? John Bright's firmest conviction
was that whenever the plain people were
allowed to vote British wars of conquest
and annexation would become impossible.
CHICAGO TRIBUNE— Mr. Bryan
should not expect a renomination if he
leads Us party to defeat again. Tt.ere Is
no precedent for the bestowal of a third
nomination on a man who ha* twice been
unsuccessful. The conservative people of
the United States— Democrats as well as
Republicans— would feel easier In mind ify
they were sure that Mr. Bryan did rrct
intend to make a precedent and force his
party to sacrifice Itself a third time on
the altar of his Immoderate ambition.
PHILADELPHIA NORTH AMER
ICAN—Congress has given Secretary
Long power and money to build a Gov
ernment plant. He now proposes to
advertise for bids to construct the bat
tleships and cruisers authorized by Con
gress, but no contracts can be awarded
until the armor question is settled. His
duty is plain. He should refuse to yield
to the trust and should use his authority
to begin the erection of a Government
factory.
NEW YORK HERALD— The curious
and traditional neglect of the artillery
branch of tho army has never yet been
explained. The lessons of modern wars
prove that it and mounted Infantry are
the most important arms. Both hav-i
been neglected In favor of more assertive
organizations. One result is that despite
the best efforts of highly trained and
earnest gunners the new coast defenses
are not receiving the attention absolutely
needed.
PHILADELPHIA NORTH AMERI
CAN—Southern California cannot afford to
spare another tree from her mountains,
and the limit of her fruit growing capa
city will be reached soon unless she goes
extensively into reforestation of her de
nuded hills and guards zealously the
sources of her intermittent streams. A
few more years of forest fires and waste
ful lumbering methods will make of
Southern California an irreclaimable des
ert.
CHICAGO TIMES-HERALD — Tha
"grandfather" clauae ot the North Caro
lina amendment lets in all lineal descend
ants of whites who were entitled to vote
In any State prior to Jarruary 1. 13<J7. no
matter how Ignorant or vicious they may
be. This amendment Is a plain violation
of the fifteenth amendment of the Federal
constltutiont and is a species of Demo
cratic trickery to perpetuate Democratic
supremacy In that State.
INDIANAPOLIS NBWS-Tho people
have learned that confidence Is essential
to the successful conduct of business. All
this being so, they are not likely to cut
everything up by the roots, in order to
chow their disapproval, even if they feel
It, of the President's Philippine policy.
Mr. Bryan has a more formidable foe this
year than he had four years ago, namely,
events. The stars Jn their courses tight
against him.
KANSAS CITY JOURNAL— Were It not
for the fraud3 and Intimidations prac
ticed by the Democratic party In the
South Mr. Bryan could not enter tha
Electoral College with fifty votes. To
day he la pinning hl3 last lingering hops
upon Richard Croker and the Tammany
machine— the most notoriously corrupt
political organization the country has
ever known.
CHICAGO INTER OCEAN-The fact
that the Wisconsin is of new model sjives
additional Interest to what her trial trin
have demonstrated, namely, that she ia
as seaworthy as the Oregon ana the fast
est first-class battleship In the world. It
is. such facts that make the United Stated
a great world power.
PITTSBURG DISPATCH — The fact
that McKlnley's election Is sure will not
keep voters from the polls, nor prevent
elation following the announcement.
Business, which has been retarded pend
ing- the contest, jyill move more briskly
when the polls are closed and the returr.3
are In.
NEW YORK SUN*— In these last weeks
of the canvass there appear Increasingly
from day to day the same signs of unity
among the opponents of Bryanism whlc.i
presaged hlg defeat four years ago.
BALTIMORE HERALD— A challens*
from Sir Thomas Llpton will be received
with greater pleasure than If It emanate!
from any other Briton. He Is entitled to
our nw.st distinguished consideration.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 19, 1900.
PROMINENT NEW YORK DEMOCRAT
ABANDONS CANDIDATE BRYAN
Ashbel F\ Fitch Dissatisfied Witti Both the
Nebraskan and His Platform.
racy. I do not believe that their candi
date is a good Democrat. I prefer to
see the party defeated rather than suc
cessful under such leadership, and I
shall vote for Mr. McKinley: but I shall
not join in calling any of my fellow citi
zens names because they do not asrree
with me. nor shall I take part in any
campaign based upon predictions or
threats of disaster.
ASHBEL P. FITCH.
New York, Oct. 9, icoo.
GOTHAM FINANCIER WHO
OPPOSES BRYAN AND WILL.
SUPPORT McKINLEY.
NEW CAMPAIGN JOKES
IN THE MUSIC HALLS
Talking Comedians Work Off Political Gags
Without Prejudice to Either Candidate.
"Speaking about the money question, I believe Bryan Is ripht when he
arRiies that silver is better than gold. If you take a flve-dollar gold piece
and put It in your pocket It is only $5 when you take it out. But if you take
a flve-dollar silver certificate and fold It In your pocket, you double It— don't
you? And when you take it out you'll find it in-creases."
"I can Rive the name of our next President."
"Bet you eight dollars and a half you can't."
"I'll take that bet — William."— New York Sun.
6
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AMUSEMENTS.
California— "A Hindoo Hoodoo."
Ori->cum — Vaudeville.
Grand Oppra-hjus-e— "The Ensign."
Alcazar— "The Corslran Brothers."
Oelumbia— "Quo VacJls."
Tlvoli— "The Jewess."
, Alhamlira— "The Man From Mexico."
Olympia. corner Mason and VAiy streets— Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Fisrh»r'p— Vaudeville.
Fahbri's T^ieater— Vaudeville.
Ilatht— Open nlchts.
Turn Vermin Hall— Grand Hall, to-morrow nirht.
HOTEL. DSL. CORONAD»-In making your
winter plans think of this beautiful country
home with city advantages. Ideal climate, no
heavy foe or rain. At 4 New Montgomery
street, city, cet Information and special rate^
is contracted as well as in-
herited. Only strong lungs
are proof against it.
Persons predisposed to weak
lungs and those recovering
from Pneumonia, Grippe,
Bronchitis, or other exhaust-
ing illness, should take
It enriches the blood,
strengthens the lungs, and
builds up the entire system.
It prevents consumption and
cures it in the early stages.
j°c and Si 00. all druggists.
SCOTT & BOWNE, Chcnmta. New Yoxk.
Nova Scotia 13 leaving no stone un-
turned to capture the United States' ex-
port trade to Jamaica and the other Brit-
ish West Indian islands.
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery st. Telephone Main 1042. •
Cal. glace fruit 50e per n> at Toirns-nd's.*sentenced to ten years in the penitenti
ary, while his two paJs, the Owens broth
ers, were given four years each, both hav
ing turned State's evidence. Bravo Juan,
who was also one of the gang, is still at
large. He was arrested soon after the
hold-Up, but broke Jail at Tombstone aft
er a short confinement.
Soon after he was wounded Captain
Milton came to this city for treatment.
While he was being nursed back to his
former Rood health he received a letter
from a friend, T. J. Turner of Nogales,
Santa Cruz County, Arizona, his old
home, asking him if. in view of his ill
ness, he would withdraw from the con
test for Sheriff In that county. The cap
tain up to that time had the field to him
eelf and he had been looking forward to
the campaign with much expectation.
Realizing that he had no prospect of im
mediate recovery, he surrendered his
rights to the office In favor of his friend.
The sequel of this little Incident occurred
Captain Milton, Who Alone Coped With
Five Desperadoes, Comes Here.
HERO OF FAIRBANK WILL
MAKE THIS CITY HIS HOME
Brilliant Career of Young Lawner Ended
Despite Science and Love's Sacrifice,
SISTER'S BLOOD FAILS TO
PROLONG M. A. DORN'S LIFE
MARCELLUS A. DORX. A PROMINENT LAWYER OF THIS CITY. WHO
DIED YESTERDAY AFTER A SHORT ILLNESS. HE WAS A PAST
GRAND PRESIDENT OF THE NATIVE SONS.
Photo by Taber.
Postmaster Montague yesterday ap
pointed David C. Smith Jr. of Station C,
at the corner of Twentieth and Mission
streets, to fill the vacancy caused by the
death of Mr. Smith's father, who was
superintendent of that station. B. F.
Hesseltine was promoted to be assistant
to Superintendent A. M. Cox of the city
delivery department, to fill the vacancy
caused by the promotion of Mr. Smith.
Postoffics Promotions.
seeing a professional boxing contest this
month. The Columbia Athletic Club,
which has not been before the public for
the past two months, will inaugurate Its
return to fistic circles by holding a series
of contests in Woodward's Pavilion on
the 30th lnst.
Al Nelll, the local middle-weight, and
Ben Tremble of I»s Angeles, who refused
to light at Sacramento last week because
of the small gate receipts, will be
matched by the club to-night for its main
event. Toby Irwin, the hard-hitting light
weight from the wilds of Telegraph Hill,
and Jimmy, alias "Fuzzie" I>lttle, a clever
amateur, will appear In the curtain
raiser. Charles Thurston and Henry
Lewis will box ten rounds for a decision.
This will be Xeill and Irwin's last ap
pearance In this city, as they both have
made arrangements to Journey East after
It and try conclusions with the clever men
of that section.
PROFESSION Ali BOXING
TO BE RENEWED HERE
Columbia Club Arrang-es Fine Card
for This Month— Neill and
Tremble to Fight.
Ring-goers will have an opportunity of
One year ago John Ilalloran and Henry
Iletherington, while discussing the Boer
war, got into a fight. Friends interfered
and quiet was restored. But after that
every time Ilalloran met Iletherington he
Insulted him. Yesterday afternoon about 3
o'clock Hetherington was standing at the
cigar. store at the corner of Mission and
Third Btreets when Halloran came upon
him, and without warning drew a pistol
and fired directly at him. Before he had
time to repeat the process he was ar
rested on a charge of assault to murder.
His Anger Rankled.
It was claimed by the JV)s Angeles Traf
fic Association that both the Santa Fe
and the Southern Pacific roads discrimi
nated In favor of San Francisco in the
matter of freight rates into the San
Joaquin Valley. The Railroad Commis
sioners will probably take up the cases
next Monday.
The demurrer asserts that the complaint
does not state facts sufficient to consti
tute a cause of action and that the Board
of Railroad Commissioners has no juris
diction in the premises. The dismissal of
the complaint is asked.
The Santa Ke systen/, which on October
8 was given thirteen days In which to file
its demurrer to the complaint of the L<os
Angeles Traffic Association, has filed its
answer with the Commissioners. The de
murrer is remarkably brief, containing
only about a dozen words.
Traffic Association's Complaint.
Asks for Dismissal of Los. Angeles
SANTA FE ENTERS DENIAL,.
A very beautiful cantata entitled
'XSrandpa'i Rirthday" will bo given to
nieht by the children of the primary and
Hndergarten departments of the Central
M. E. Sunday-school, Misson street, be
tw'-pn Sixth and Seventh. Everybody is
Invited to flttend.
Will Produce a Cantata.
The Supervisor** Fire Committee yes
terday reported in favor of th* petition
of Harry M. Raunders to maintain a
boiler and engine on Brannan street, near
Fourth, to be usofl In connection' with
the Labor Union Planing Mill to be oner
nu-d by tho Building Trades Council The
resolution granting permission to the Pa
cific Oil Supply Company to erect a ste-el
tank on Channel street and lay necessary
pipes in the streets was amended so as
to require the Hoard of Public Works to
perform the work of tearing up the streets
according to the charter provisions. The
protcFt of business men against the ex
istence of the Haldiwn Gas Works on
Stevenson street was laid over until next
Thursday, when the prottBtants will be
heard.
Th<* Street Committee referred to the
Board of Worke the petition of merchants
for the repairing of Sacramento street be
tween Front aftd Davis, with instructions
to perform the work if funds are avail
able.
UNION" PLANING MIIXS
GETS PERMIT FOB ENGINE
Board of Works Must Perform Labor
of Tearing Up Streets to
Lay Pipes.
BUDWEISZR Beer
Ha« re* n conFiim«»d by the American public to
the extent of ever half a billion bctrli, " More
tf.ar. any ether bottled ht-rr in the world Made
exc-u^vely ry the Anheuser-Busch Krew?n»
££ rw.fi Lyons Co - fian Francisco. Whole-
CAPTAIN J. D. MILTON, the
biave express messenger who
successfully resisted five despera
does at Fairbank. Ariz., last Feb
ruary, killing one of them, is to
make San Francisco his home. He ar
rived in th«» city yesterday and for the
prfpent will stop at the Rnss House. Cap
tain Milton's fame is not confined to his
heroic actions at Fairbank. As a hunter
and crack marksman lie has long been
the peer of all Ariznnians. The captain
has come to San Francisco to accept a lu
crative position with Wells. Fargo & Co.,
for whom he was acting as messenger at
the time of the Fairbank hold-up.
Unlike most men whose deeds have
brought them fame, the captain does not
court notoriety. He prefers to go about
his business forgetful of the paxt, and
unless drawn off-hand Into a reminiscent
mood he never speaks of his triumphs.
Captain SJilton has Just returned from
Tucson, Ariz., where he was the chief
witness in the trial of the Fairbank des
peradoes. "Kd" Brown, who fired two
bullets Into Milton's left arm— the Injuries
caused by which he is still nursing— was
An Incident showing Milton's nerve and
marksmanship is related bv his friends.
The captain and F. L. Kiel, an employe
of Wells. Fargro & Co.. were hunting one
day in the Sierra Madre Mountains. As
they Jogged along on their horses Milton
ppicd a monster panther crouching in a
small canyon to their left. The captain's
ririe was at his shoulder In an Instant.
Crack! Then followed a blood-curdling
cry. The next moment the enraged beast
was in the air. Although struck by the
bullet, the wound was not fatal, and the
animal had sprung for its assailant.
Again the captain llred, the bullet tear
ing an ugly wound in the animal's fore
foot. The panther fell close beBide the
horseman, and before it could rise agrain
a sharp knife put an end to its savage
life. The panther measured 10 feet 6
inches from head to tail.
a few days apo, when, havlnp returnfd
to his old "home, his friends tried to lnducr
him to run for Sheriff. Independently. His
health was no longer the barrier; it was
his pledge of honor now.
"I will be true to my promise, " was all
the satisfaction he gave his friends.
To-day "Milt's" word In Nopales is as
good as gold and never was he more ap
preciated, loved and honored. The cap
tain has been assured tnat he can at any
time have anything he wants within the
gift of the voters of Santa Cruz County.
Ninth— A wMu'lun of Indorsement of th»
united efforts b^ing made by the church«« of
Fan Francisco to close th" saloons on Pundav
Tenth— A resolution expresfin^ the thanks of
tpf ¦odetr to their officers of the past year
Hleventh-A refolutlon pledpln* the Bishop
that the eoclfty will labor with him to make
Sl'-thodltm a «n-«-at»-r factor for righteousness
In this rity.
HriPf but tolling addresses were made
by Rev. Herbert P. Rrippp. Rev. Arthur
\ir'.Kxe and Bishop J. \\\ Hamilton. Rev
Frank liaker cf the First Church con
ducted ili» closing- exercises
* Cecil Smivh and May Cook, soloists of
the Flmnson Memorial choir, contributed
to the rr.usical programme.
Elchth— A resolution of Indorsement of sixth
amendment of constitution exempting church
buildints frnm taxation.
Seventh— A resolution thar.kin* the ladles
and members of f=ln:pson Church for their cour
t<^:os and caKatlorj.
Fourth— A resolution Indorsing; organization
of mer/f prayer hands. Bfione object is to
reach the business m*-n.
Fifth— A resolution to organize a Mission
Funday fcJiooI in the district south of th«
Park and one In the North Reach district.
Sixth— A resolution congratulating the church
in r'actn* the Hook Concern and California
Christian Advocate under control of a local
commission.
Second— Resolution lndorrtnB efforts of Her
A. H. Briggs an.! Rev. H. F. Brlfifrs to ir.au
r^rat*. a practical •¦forward movement" in the
city. #
Third— A resolution apr-rovlng of a sreat spir
itual • 'forward movement," started by the
F-r.eral conference at its last quad-annual
xaeetlng In May.
F i r^~ Comrllrnrctary resolution to the Bishop
our cli- y - wel «^l"« him permanently to
Rolla V. Watt recommended that the
Bishop be made honorary president of the
society and a member of the board of
rr.anag-erp. a recommendation that was
unanimously carried.
' Hrief reports were read by J. H. North
or. of the Calif orr.fa-street church W.
P. Hlgginbcftham of Trinity Church'. W.
M. Woodward of Epwnrth Church and A.
K. I'liich of Richmond Church. AJI of
the reports showed the churches to be in
a r>rosp< rous condition and ail more or
!ppp indebted to the good work of the
Church I-lxtenpJon Society.
Rev. a. C Bane, pastor of California
street Church, offered the following reso
lutions, which were unanimously carried:
IJoard of Ilev. John Pt<>rh<»ns. H*>v.
S. 1). Hctf-ir.jiillpr. Rev. W. M. Woodward
liev. M. r. Harris. Rev. John A. U. Wilson'
Ber. John R. Andrews, Rev. Krank K. liaker.
He-v. Herbert F. Drtegs. Rev. J. X. Hfurd
li^v. M. L>. Buck. Fiev. J. 1>. Haminond. liev.'
V. D. Bovard, Rer. A. C. Bane. Rev S M
Woodward. K<*v. Arthur It Brigs*. R/>v Ar
tl-ur ATKiers-in. Rev. A. E. Vlrlch. l>onald Cur
r:e. -V. Ar<>rson. C. O. P.urton. W. H. U>ls
ter. D. San,1ers«n. William F. Gibson J. H
Sr*r. Robert Husband. I. R Robinson. J K.
Jones. Wesley A. Jacobs. R. P. Welter, F H
Jackson. J. H. Harrlcin. Robert MeL«llan H.
II. Inn.-ns. K. W. Strar.jr*. J. II. Humphreys.
J. B. Emma!. W. R. ilver*. job Bteventon.
Tlrmae Hodge, J. n. Archer. E. E Kelly T
\\ . Nowlin, Samuel Fear. W. O. Jones. J.'\V.
El:out<»n. W. K. Harris. George N. Na?h A.
A. Kr.nv. John I'yar. John R. Potter. K. L.
Tuipln. Jchn Willis. K. E. Kentneld, J. H.
V. bittlncton. Kdgar Drills, J. H. Northern, H.
Williams, John S. Uarnes, Nelson J Bird
«. fcarles Bcscow, E. E. Ewlnir. F. W. Kern,
M. Winter. H. F. Wilson. Samuel Martin.
Trutte^s— I. J. Truman. J. \V. Whitim? R.
\. V. att. \v. p. K!pgln!»>tham. C. H Perkins,
»Mi::am Abbott, Andrew Nelson. C. t. Holmp?
F. K. Jchnson. J. \V. Wetmire, Robert Me-
Elroy.
Annual tea meeting— IViUiam AMx-.tt. W. YV.
J-'M. *-". JJ. IVrkins. I. J. Truman. Optiln
Charl»s Nelson. K. L. Turj in. C. A. MayiwWI.
Nominations— A. A. Krvrx. K. \\\ sftr^ngF.
J. II. Sojxt. C. A. Witni -to, J. W. Vi hiung.
C. O. Burton. K. E. Johnson.
Bfotottonn Key. A. i\ Bah*, R McKirov
B. v. Watt, ji hii Stephens. W. ]» nicgin
totcua. K"b->rt Husband. Flank Bak"r.
Mupif*— Simperm memorial choir; musical dl
reetor. Ptofeaaor j. e. !¦.:„•¦.
Honorary vice r residents. I>v. W. \V. i^e
J?- 1>-. Hon. Aijms Merrill; j.resi.Jrnt I J
Tiu:nan; vice pr'P-;d«-r:ts. William Abbott C B
FerttJM. H. V. Wart. $. W. Wlutlr.?: secretary^
v\ uluun A. Abbott; tr<»a:--urer, Columbia Hank
ing Cotr.fan> ; QtutncUI secretary, c. A. Slayd-
Wf .1.
A colla-tion was the next event on the
ITOgramme, and after partaking of the
substantial menu ofTered the member?
devoted themselves to the serious busi
ness of the meeting.
John Stephens, pastor of the Simpson
Memorial Church, greeted the guests, and
«. W. Case. D.D., presiding elder of the
can irasicisco district, responded.
The reports 01 the officers of the ex
tension society were read. They showed
the raembors had not been idle during
tne ia6t year, and that their labors had
resulted in much good. Presluont Tru
man, in ills report, jsliowed that the exien
eiou society had ppent. since ii* inaugu
ration, but UU.400. and still had created
churches worth $130,000.
The report of tne committee on nomina-
S2?V submi "«'d br A. A. Knox. declared
tne following electr-d to serve oi; commit
tees and hoid offices <iuriris; the vear:
The Bishop's reception lasted from 5
until 6 o'clock, after which there were
devotional exorcises conducted by the
Rev. M. D. Buck, followed by the sing
ir.g of the Ooxolcgjr; which rang out strong
ar.d true in a grand chorus.
More than 500 loyal Methodists met in
the church parlor of the Simpson Memor
ial Methodist Church yesterday evening to
greet Bishop J. W. Hamilton and family
and join in the fourteenth annual "tea"
meeting of the San Francisco Church Ex
tension Society.
Officers Elected and Reports Sub
mitted Which Show Good "Work
of the Church. Extension
Society.
Loyal Methodists Gather
at Their Annual "Tea"
Meeting.
GREET THE NEW
RESIDENT BISHOP
THE naval reserve steamer Marlon
nearly lost her launch Wednes
day night. White on her way
from Folsom-street whai< to the
sloop-of-war a floating pile was run
Into The launch broached to, and
the propeller, striking the log, was
broken off short.
With her propeller gone the launch
began to drift down the bay and the
men aboard at once used all the spare
steam In sounding 'an alarm. It waa
heard aboard the Coast and Geodetic
Survey steamer Pathfinder, and a
launch was sent to the assistance of
the shipwrecked mariners.
The Pathfinder uses vapor launches
and It was owing to the fact that
Chief Officer Dutton w«s on deck and
ordered the launch lowered away at
once, and that it onlv took about a
minute to get ' steam, that tho
Marion's boys did not have to spend a
night on the bay.
THE British bark Inverurla
arrived from Swansea yester
day after a racher long run
of 13S days. This craft
seems always to make port with
a story. On her first visit to this
port, about ten years ago, she came in
HJ^h her flap at half mast. A doctor,
absconding from his creditors, taking
a servant girl along with him and
leaving hln wife and children behind,
was a passenger. In return for a pas-
Eage he was to take care of the cap
tain's wife during her confinement.
The mother and baby died.
Yesterday the Inverurle came Into
port apaln with her flag at half mast.
During the voyage there had been
three deaths at sea and when Dr.
Klnyoun went aboard he ordered the
vessel Into quarantine. • There is
bubonic plague in England and the
deaths may have been from that dread
disease or It may have been rfcurvy.
THE Britleh ship S^rlnRburn had
a rough time of It coming around
the Horn. She was 162 days out
from London and there 13 not one
of the cr«w wh* is not glad to be here.
On August 15 *he vas on her b«am
ends. The mizzen topgallant yard
came down with a crash, several sails
blpw out of the holt roprs, and the
pressure being thus relieved, the ship
got on an even keel again. It ¦was
an exciting moment, however.
On October 10, In latitude 36 degrees
north, longitude 127 degrees west, the
Springburn spoke the American ship
Aryan, from New Tork to Son Kran
ripco. She was probably In the game
pale that nearly wrecked the Spring
burn, as the captain reported that "off
the Horn" the boatswain and two men
had been washed overboard. The Ar
yan, with her story of disaster, will
probably reajch port to-day.
Ill-Fated Bart Invernrie
Arrives and Is P,aced
in Quarantine.
Three Deaths,
Marion's Launch Runs
Into a- Floating Pile
and Is Rescued by
the Pathfinder,
ARRIVING SHIPS TELL TALES
OF DEATHS AND ACCIDENTS
Aryan Loses Boatswain
and Two Men Off the
Horn— Springburn
in Trouble.
In the Divorce Court.
Decrees of divorce wore pranted yester
day to Tony del Monte from Ella dei
Monte for desertion. Frank P. FtQ*e from
Josephine L. Rose for desertion, fearah A.
Lee from George Lee for failure to pro
vide. John Foster from Thomasla Foster
for desertion and Mary P. Dempsey from
Thomas J. Dempsey for willful neglect.
Bults for divorce were filed yesterday
by Aleksadra H. Hoyar against Michael
lioyar for desertion, Henrietta Wleland
against Charles Wieland for cruelty, Jen
nie Kunauer against Joseph Kunauer for
cruelty, Mabel Waters against Herbert
Clark Waters for cruelty and Infidelity
and Mary J. McKenna against Patrick C.
McKenna for cruelty.
I 'M M M !¦'!¦ I I l":»!"M--t--H"l"M.-H-.i. Q
This amount wn» raised by a benefit given by
the Brltlch Boolrty of this city. And they re
qucet me to forward that amount to you for
the Oalvpston relief fund. They also desire
to express to the people of Galveston their
heartfelt sympathy and their earnest prayer
that they may be lifted out of all financial dis
tress by the people of their country. Kindly
acknowledge the receipt of this remittance and
oblige, yours truly, H. A. POLAND,
Acting Mayor of the City of Eureka.
The British Society of the City of Eureka
responds to the suffering people of our sister
city of Galveston, Texas, and herewith con
tributes to the fund for the Texas sufferers the
sum of J2J0.
Total $267 50
Previously reported subscriptions... 17.516 37
Total subscriptions $17,783 S7
The, following letter accompanied tho
first subscription:
The following additional subscriptions to
the Texas relief fund were received by the
California State Relief Committee yester
day:
British Society of Eureka, CaL. by II.
A. Poland, Acting Mayor (250 00
Westminster Presbyterian Church of
San Francisco 17 50
Galveston Fund.
San Joaquin County has moved an exhi
bition of its products from Stockton to
the rooms of the State Board of Trade
in the ferry building. In the dis
play are grains, wines, raisins, chicory,
sugar and other products of the soil. Sec
retary Denison Is Installing the exhibit
where It will be seen by all visitors.
San Joaquin County Exhibits.
DESPITE every effort known to
science and the action of a self
sacrificing sister, who gave of her
own blood to prolong the life of
a brother, death proved the mas
ter and ended the career of Marcellus A.
Dorn early yesterday morning. The
transfusion of blood from the veins of a
loving sister gave every promise of af
fording the patient a firmer hold on life,
but a relapse set in and the heroic action
proved of no avail. The attorney's mother,
brothers and sisters were at his bedside
when the end came.
The deceased was born in the mountains
of i-ios Angeles County in 1837. His earlier
education was had in the schools of the
southern part of the State. He came north
and entered the University of California,
graduating from there in 1S79 with high
honors. He then became a student in the
N. A. Dorn and Dora Dorn, brother and
sister of the deceased, have applied for
special letters of administration upon
their brother's estate The estate, they
set forth. Is in such condition that It re
quires immediate attention. Judpe Troutt
granted the letters and tixed bonds at
$25,000.
M. A. Dorn became a member of Pacific
Parlor No. 10, N. S. G. W., shortly after
Its institution, and always took a promi
nent part In the affairs' of the order. In
13S3 ho was elected grand lecturer and In
1SS5 was elected president of the board of
trustees. He proved such an efficient
member of the board that in 18St> he was
re-elected. He was elected to the chair of
grand vice president In 1SS7 and in 1SSS
was made grand president.
Hastings Law College, graduating In 1SS2.
With his brother, D. S. Dorn, he began
the practice of his profession "and was
most successful.
Marcus P. Wiggin. ono of the best
known newspaper men In the State, and a
lawyer of many years' standing, died yes
terday after a lingering illness. He had
been In til health for many years, but a
serious turn in his condition did not come
until several weeks ago, when he seemed
to suffer from a complete collapse of his
system. He was compelled to take to his
bed and yesterday he died.
Marcus P. WiKgin was fifty-three years
of age. He leaves a wife and two sons,
Marcus II. and Philip Wiggin. For many
years Marcus P. Wlggln practiced law In
"the northern part of the State. He was
an able lawyer and served a term upon
the bench. Several years ago he took up
his residence in this city and transferred
his energies from the bar to Journalism.
He won an enviable position as editorial
writer for the Chronicle, in which capaci
ty he served for several years. Five
years ago ho gave up that occupation and
returned to the law. HI health, how
ever, had overcome him and he could not
devote himself regularly to his profes
sion. Mr. Wiggin made iriends easily and
retained them. He wns universally popu
lar and an enthusiastic club man. He had
a host of friends who will deplore hl3
death and give to his stricken family the
tribute of their sympathy.
The End of the Career of a Well
Known Newspaper Man and
Lawyer.
MARCUS P. WIGGIN DIES
AFTER A LONG ILLNESS
Will Lecture at Metropolitan Hall
Thursday Night, "The Priest
in Politics"
Rev. Peter C. Torke will deliver a lec
ture In Metropolitan Hall on Thursday
evening. October 2T>, for the benefit of St.
Peter's parish improvement fund, taking
for his subject "The Priest in Politics."'
The price of tickets Is tl.
Tickets may be obtained of Gallagher
Bros.. 18 McAllister street; O'Brien's, 227
Hayes street, opposite St. Ignatius
Church: Deasy Bros.. 20 Sixth street:
Miss Holden, US Fourth street; IX F.
Keefe. Twenty-third and Harrison: Daw
son. Twenty-third and Valencia: Withers.
Valencia and Nineteenth; Castro-street
Pharmacy, Twenty-fourth and Castro;
Shumate's pharmacy. Sutter and Devtea
dero streets: P. A.- Buckley. 1311 Stockton
street; J. J. Gildea. Market street and
Grant avenue. Reserved seats are $1 50.
They may be obtained at Glldea's, Market
street and Grant avenue.
FATHER YORKE TO SPEAK
IN AID OF ST. PETER'S
"They prefer the Australian rabbit fur.
In the first place," said Mr. Waldeck to
an inquirer, "because they found the fur
to be better. They would pay only 10
cents per pound for California jackrab
bit skins properly prepared for their use.
When you figure out the cost of ammuni
tion, freight, payinp men for killing the
rabbits and also count in the work needed
to make the skins ready. for market, you
will see that there is no money in it." If
there were a concern to treat and handle
the jnckrabbit fur I think there would
be some profit in the business, but there
Is none now."
Mr. Waldeck tried out the entire prob
lem thoroughly. He sent rabbit sklni,
prepared with care, to St. Louis, Chicago
and New York, where they were Inspect
ed. Considering the vast number of Jack
rabbits, it was fair to suppose that the
pest was likely to become a source of
considerable rnnual revenue to the State.
But the Eastern handlers of fur, after a
Ions time, have concluded that they will
not pay enough for Jackrabbit skins with
ihe fur on to make it profitable to cure
and forward the skins from California.
Trade conditions have upset another
fond tradition and the nursery rhyme that
provides "A little rabbit skin to wrap the
Baby Bunting In" must be revised In the
interest of accuracy. Local dealers in
furs, who have been interested In making
a market in the East for the fur of the
California "bunny," or jackrabblt, have
finally concluded that there ia no money
in the undertaking. This was announced
yesterday by Herman Waldeck, who more
than any other has sought a new field of
usefulness for the jackrabbit.
This will be a distinct disappointment to
the people of the San Joaquin Valley and
other sections where the rabbits are so
numerous that they are annually killed
by thousands In drives. Many of the
dwellers in the interior have killed rab
bits ae a basis for the market experiment,"
and the correspondence interchanged has
been enough in volume and varied enough
in informational value to make up a fair
Jackrabblt literature.
Waldeck Finally Abandons the Hope
of Turning a State Pest Into
a Large Source of Rev
enue.
California Fur Gets Cold
Shoulder in Eastern
Trade Marts.
NO RABBIT SKIN
FOR BABY BUNTING
The Lllshop will have several local va
cancies to fill bofi.re- starting for the East,
among them being ;i preMdin,; eld^r to
succeed Dr. Bcntler, who died In Uerke
ley recently. The Klshup said last even
ing that be desired to loi.k over the Reid
a little before mnkins this appointment.
It will probably not be made until next
week.
IKshop Hamilton will remain In San
Francisco only a week, when hr? will gr>
Kast to attend thr ««mi-annu;»l meeting
of the Methodist LHshops in Trenton. N*.
J.. which will convene on the 31st lnst.
After this gathering the Bishop will at
tend me*'tir.jcs of the general committees
of the Method! =t denomination, fo that he
will not return to this c!ty before Decem
ber. At that time he expects to move
into his new horr.e on Bucbanan street,
which is now being remodeled.
The Bishop Is much encouraped with
the progress that Is beinpr marto by th?
Methodist oh'in-hes of the West. The
field Is a larpco one, but the various con
ferences appeal alive to the opportunities,
and hralthy prowth Is reported In almost
every section.
To the Bishop one of the most Interest-
Ing Incidents of his trip was the fart that
each one cf his appointees voluntarily re
quested the College of Bishops to return
him another year, so pleased were they
with his work of conducting the confer
ences.
Bishop J. tV. Hamilton returned to this
city yesterday afternoon after an absence
of six weeks. During his trip the Bishop
held eight cor.ferpncps for six successive
weeks, beginning in Nevsda and ending In
Arizona: He has in that time appointed
500 preachers to as many churches.
In Six Weeks He Appointed Five
Hundred Preachers to as Many
Churches — Local Appoint
ments Coming.
Bishop Hamilton Gratified
With Progress of West
ern Methodism.
CONFERENCES ALL
OVER THE COAST
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 19, 1900.
CAPTAIN' MILTON. THE BRAVE MESSENGER; HIS FRIEND, F. L.
KIEL. AND THE SAVAGE BEAST THAT THE CAPTAIN SLEW IN
THE SIERRA MADRE MOUNTAINS.
7
For purity and quality In beer drink
"Rainier," the only beer on Pacific Coast
awarded medal at Paris Exposition. •
Is beauty a curse P R«ad
the sensational story in next
Sunday's Call that tells of
the weird fascination of loveli-
ness which resulted in death
for many and madness for
one.
Ju<5ge Ffrral ha? removed his office to
62* M'jntgr.m*>ry street. •
AMUSEMENTS.
TO-NIGHT AND SATURDAY EVEXINO.
"THE JEWESS."
Sun* by Lucentl. I.lchter. Stewart and BAR-
ROX BERTHAI.D (HIS FAREWELL
APPEARANCES).
SATURDAY MATINEE and SUNDAT NIGHT
"CARMEN."
The Great Diva COLUAMARINI aa CARMEN.
RUSSO. SALASSA. REHETTO. XICOHN1.
SCHUSTER IN THE CAST.
POPULAR PRICES !3c and 50c
Telephone Bush 9.
Next Week— "LA GIOCONDA," "CARMEN."
SPECIAL-THURSDAY AFTERNOON. Oct. 23.
GRAND SYMPHONY CONCERT.
Direction of MAX HIRSCHFELD. Orchestra
of Kb. Seats on sale at Sherman. Clay & Co.'a
Store.
VAUDEVILLE HARD TO BEAT !
LIZZIE B. RAYMOND. EDGAR
ATCHISON - ELY, BAUCHLE,
TWIN HALE SISTERS, TOM
NAWN & CO., THE GREAT
EVEBHART, EDDIE GIRARD
AND JESSIE GARDNER, WILLIS
FAMILY, BIOGRAPH.
Reserved «eats. 25c; balcony. 10c; opera chairs
and box seats. 50c.
Matinees Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
Q??AND OP^OA HOLJ^E
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
NEW fi < t$$&wffl P-fc af PANY
LAST THREE NIGHTS.
William Haworth's Great
Patriotic Naral Dram*
THE ENSIGN
Next Monday— MADAME SANS OE.NE!
EVENING PRICES IOc. 15c. S5c. 50o.
A Few Front Rows in Orchestra 75c.
MATINEE PRICES IOc. 15c. 23c. 5Oc.
No Hlsher
Branch Ticket Office — Emporium.
. ____
Alf Elllnirhouse. Proprietor and Manager.
Phone South 770
Every Evening This Week. Mat. Saturday.
"THEY COME WITH BANNERS WAVING."
PLAYING TO STANDING ROOM.
TO SEE
THEMAN FROM MEXICO
That Funny Farce Is Repeating Ita Former
Record.
WITH GEORGE C. BONIFACE JR. and a
Select Comedy Cast.
Flnt Time at Popular Prices.
Evening 15c. 25c. 85c. Sf>c and 73o
Matinee 15c. 25c. 33c and 50c
Next Sunday Afternoon. Another Stellar At-
traction From New Tork— "BROWN'S IN
TOWN."
PT^irHFR'^ CONCERT HOUSE.
J. Warren Keene. Alice Raymond. Mt«8 May-
fcelle, Mae Tuniaon, Eudora Forde, Oscar Lie-
man. Robert Ellis. Antonio Varpaa. Harold
Basford and New Moving Picture*.
Referred Seats. 25c; Matinee Sunday.
SUTRO l3n-rMS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open Daily From I a. rn. to 11 p. m.
Bathlne From 7 a. m. to 19 p. m.
ADMISSION 10c. CHILDREN' 5c.
Bathing. Including admission. 23c; Children. 20c.
Ale that is worth studying — EVANS'.
It shows the highest mnrk reached in the
sclf-nce of brewing and bottling. There's
stout, too. •
AMUSEMENTS.
EVERT NIGHT (EXCEPT SL'XDAT)
MATINEE SATURDAT.
THE ONLY REAt.
The Orieical London. Nenr Tork and Chicago
Production.
Beginning Next Monday. Third and Last Week,
'QUO VADIS."
PRICES S1.5O. 91. TSe. 5O«. 25o
TO-NIGHT. To-morrow Afternoon and To-
morrow Nicht.
LAST THREE TIMES OF
A HINDOO HOODOO
Commencing SUNPAT AFTERNOON,
FOR ONE WEEK ONLY.
WM. H. WEST'S BIG MINSTREL JUBILEE.
Introducing a Mammoth Company of Talented
Binders and Comedians Never Before
Equnled In the History of
Minstrelsy.
¦Watch for the Big Parade on Monday Mornlns.
rik-f HEATR t^Ar
LAST THREE XIOHTS.
MATINEE TO-MORROW AND SUXDAT.
THE
CORSfCAN
BROTHERS!
Adapted by Howard Hall From Alexander
Dumu' Novel.
BEATS NOW READT.
3STEX1T
An Original Romantic Drama,
"A SOLDIER Of THE EMPIRE."
CHUTES AND ZOO.^s^r
THE CONG(T FAMILY,
BIG VAUDEVILLE SHOW!
TO-MORROW NIGHT.
MONSTER CAKEWALK!
Teleohone for Seats Park 23.
THE THIRTIETH ANNIVERSARY BALL
Of the AUSTRIAN BENEVOLENT KOCIETT
will take plac* SATURDAY EVENING. Octo-
ber 20. at TURN VEREIN HALL. K3 Turk
street. Admission, including hat eh<»rk, 35
ctnts; ladles free. THE COMMITTEE.
PALACE AND
GRAND HOTELS
The ben #Tt(Sence of the popularity of
tbe*e hotels can be found In the continued
patronage of thoa* who on some previous
occasion hav* made th-m thetr h«ad-
qnarter* wben visiting Kan Francisco.
Connected by a covered passageway and
operated under on* management oa tb*
American and European plan.
O 1 rr n O\/ 1 I Corner Fourth and
uttlL.ilUiHL- ¦ert^-.'-a
valises checked tre*.
ADVERTISEMENTS. I
ARE QUICK TO SEE.
Good. Doctors Are Quick to See and
Appreciate Real Merit in New
Medicines.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are a discov-
ery of great value to the medical profes-
sion and the public. They are an unfail-
ing specific in all cases of dyspepsia and
disordered digestion.
Almost everybody's digestion is dis-
ordered more or less, and the commonest
thing they do for It Is to take some one
of the many so-called blood purifiers,
which in many cases are merely strong
cathartics. Such things are not needed.
If the organs are In a clogged condition,
they need only a little help and they will
right themselves. Cathartics Irritate the
sensitive linings of the stomach and
bowels and often do more harm than
good.
Purging Is not what Is needed. The
thing to do is to put the food in con-
dition to be readily digested and assimi-
lated. Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets do
this perfectly. They partly digest what
is eaten and give tre stomach just the
help It needs. They stimulate the secre-
tion and excretion of the digestive fluids
and relieve the congested condition of the
glands and membranes. They put the
whole digestive system In condition to do
Its work. When that Is done you need
take no more tablets, unless you eat what
does not agree with you. Then take one
or two tablets— give them needed help and
you will have no trouble.
It's a common-sense medicine arid a com-
mon-sense treatment and it will cure
every time. Not only cure the disease,
but cure the cause. Goes about it In a
perfectly sensible and scientific way.
We have testimonials enough to fill a
book, but we don't publish many of them.
Mrs. E- M. Faith of Ryrds Creek. Wis..
says- I have taken all the Tablets I got
of vou and they have done their work well
in-my case, for I feel like a different person
altogether. I don't doubt If I had not got
them I should have been at rest by this
H E. Wlllard. Onslow, Iowa. Bays: Mr.
White of Canton was telllngr me of your
Dyspepsia Tablets curing him of dyspep-
sia from which he had suffered for eight
years. As I am a sufferer myself, I wish
you to send me a package by return mall.
Phil Brooks, Detroit. Mich., says: Your
dyspepsia cure has worked wonders in my
case. I suffered for years from dyspepsia,
but am now entirely cured and enjoy life
as I never have before. I gladly recom-
mend them.
It will cost 50 cents to find out just how
much Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets will
help you. Try them— that's the best way
to decide.
All druggists sell them. A little book
on stomach diseases will be mailed free
by addressing F. A. Stuart Co., Marshall,
Mich. »
SLIGHTLY USED BUT GOOD AS
NEW.
i $500 Hallett & Davis $14O
I $350 Fischer 9175
I $375 Curtaz $230
1 $425 Sterling 9243
INSTALLMENTS IF DESIRED.
NEW STOCK CHICKERING. !
VOSE, STERLING. CURTAZ
PIANOS. Ever)' piano warranted.
BENJ. GURTAZ & SON
16-I8-<:0 O'FARRfcLL ST.
Everything in the music line.
DR. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For the cure of GONOKRHOEA.GL.EETS.
STRICTURES and analagous complaints of ttxa
Organ* of Generation.
Prtc* |1 a bottle. For sal* by druggist*.Cycling Club Race.
The California Cycling Club has nomi
nated officers, tho election of which will
be held November 5. The club's annual
five-mile road race'wlll be run on Novem
ber 4 over the Hay wards course. In the
evening a banquet will be given, durlna
which the prizes will be distributed, a
club run to Camp Taylor will be held on
Sunday next.
WORTH ORDEHS THAT AN
INVESTIGATION BE HEXD
From His Sick Bed He Directs That
Immigration Scandal Be
Probed.
tTnited States Immigration Commlsslon
•r Hart H. North, who is lying seriously
11 at his residence in Oakland, has direct
ed Captain Schell, his chief deputy, to
pather evidence in the matter of the con
•piraiey to land three Japanese women on
oasses written by Inspector A. H. Geffe
oey, and that of the charges alleged to
lave been made against Geffeney by his
>rother Charles.
The Japanese Nakada visited the Im
nigration Bureau yesterday and Informed
Inspector Geffeney that he had received
he passes from an attache of thje Amer
ca ilaru.
The Retail Clerks.
There was a full meeting of the mem
bers of the Retail Clerks' Protective As
sociation present at the weekly meeting
at Red Men's Hall on Post street Tuesday
night. Eighteen new members were Ini
tiated and as many more applications are
In the hands of the secretary.
The permanent committee on agitation
was provided with volunteers. Who ¦will
between now and the end of the year ap
pear before the various labor unions
throughout the city and urge upon the
members to request the families of all
worklngmen to abstain from making pur
chases after 6 o'clock. It is also Intended
to make an appeal to the purchasing pub
lic, as the clerks feel satlslled that when
their demand is understood the public
-m 111 help them.
Flayed a Percentage Game.
Sergeant Wolf and Policeman Chase
stood on the wlndowslll of the house at
1044 Folsom street, where the California
Social Club has rooms, and watched a
gome of poker for half an hour early on
Monday morning. When they saw the
dealer take out two chips for each game
they concluded It was a percentage game
and raided the place. They arrested M.
Welnberg as keeper and Louis Xathan,
Gus Jacobson, Abe Deamend, Bam Black,
S. Kleinman and W. Moses as visitors.
They all appeared before Judge Fritz yes
terday and denied that any chips were
taken out of the "pot" for a percentage.
Attorney Tomsky, who defended them, is
president of the club, and claimed that
according to the decision In the Cafe
j Royal cases the defendants should be dis
missed. The Judge reserved his decision
until to-morrow.
RELIANCE CLUB PLANS
A FINE ENTERTAINMENT
Three Ten-Bound Boxing Contests
Arranged for Next Gentle
men's Night.
OAKLAND. Oct. 18.— The Reliance Club
has decided upon October 31 as the date
for its next gentlemen's night. There will
be three ten-round contests In addition
to several preliminaries and tryouts. The
main event will probably be the bout be
tween Charles Thurston and Phil Green.
There has been some controversy between
the men regarding weights, and if some
settlement Is not reached within a few
days Bert Woods will be signed to take
Green's place.
George Watson, the clever bantam ¦who
defeated Mike Joyce at the club several
months ago, will go ten rounds with
George Watson. Hank Griffin, a promis
ing heavyweight, will be matched against
some good man.
FUNERAL OF THOMAS KEATING
JS.sm.y- Friends Gather to Pay Respect
to the Memory of Deceased.
RENO. N*>v., Oct. IS.— The funeral of the
late Thomas K«"-atir.g. who died at Lexing
ton. Ky.. several days ago. took place In
this olty to-day and was very largely at
tondc-d. Rev. F. Vernon Jones conducted
the ceremonies and spoke In kindly tones
of tho many virtues of the deceased.
The floral pieces were numerous and
beautiful. Among them was a large horse T
slice four feet hish, the gift of the Char
ter Oak Park Association of 1 Hartford,
Conn., of which Mr. Keating was an es
te?med member.
Many friends and acquaintances from
San Francisco and other California towns
ai rived on this morning's train to pay
their last respects to the memory of
"Tommy" Keatine. among whom were
Mr. Ottincer and A. H. Coney of San
Francisco; L. Crcllln Mr. Donahue, Mr
Bucer and "Sandy" Smith of Pleasanton
and Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Slaven of Oak
land.
Mr. Keating was laid to rest In the Lee
plat in Hillside Cemetery. D. C. Wheeler
J. M. Fulton. R. C. Leeper. James O'Neill
3eorge Nixon and Mr. Ottinger of San
Francisco acted as pall bearers.
ADMIBAL DEWEY WINS.
Sir R. Affleck's Bay Colt Captures
Sandown Foal Stakes.
LONDON. Oct. IS.— At the first day's
racing of the Sacflown autumn meeting
to-day the Sandown foal stakes of 2000
sovereigns for three-year-olds was won
by Sir R Affleck's bay colt Admiral
L«ewey. Lord Rosebery's colt Cateran
Lad and Mr. Farts' colt Mahdl were «ec
snd mid third, respectively.'
The great Sapling plate of 1000 sover
•lgns (twenty-second year) was captured
by Mr. Theold's Volodyovoskl. with Les
ter Rciff in the saddle. J. D. Warden's
Armath. ridden by J. H. Martin, took sec
>nd place, and Lord Melton, the property
)f J. Musk<r, with Maher up, was third
In the race for the Hermitage plate of
*» sovereigns, the winner to be eold by
luction. for 1003 sovereigns. J. B. Duke's
stajulna. ridden by Rigby, beat Lord \VH
ii»m Be-resford's Yumboe, ridden by John
ay IMfL
ST. BRIGUyS FAIR
IS WELL PATRONIZED
Next Tuesday a Promenade Concert
and High Tea Will Be
Given.
The business of St. Brlgld's fair went on
merrily last night. All the attractions of
the booths were well patronized. The
palmist. Ztnfreda, was kept busy with her
marvelous reading of hands and those
who consulted her were filled with ad
miration.
Mrs. James Shea., who Is an auxiliary
of the gazette booth, pave a lunch party
yesterday at the refreshment booth. The
raffles will come off on Monday and all
articles remaining at the booths will be
auctioned off Tuesday. On that day the
promenade concert and high tea will take
place. Arrangements to provide a de
lightful repast for the occasion have been
made. The ladies of the fair trust that
the farewell entertainment will be well
patronized.
Eight couples of fistic entertainers per
formed last night at the Initial entertain
ment of the Bay City Amateur Athletic
Club, and they made the inauguration a
success. Although but a single knock
out and not very much of the flowing red
marked the lighting everybody was satis
fied with everything except the decision
in the last fight, which should have gone
to Dan Barry.
This last fight, Barry vs. Daily, was the
event of the evening on the cards, but It
was clearly overstepped In point of clev
erness by the contest between Fred Bell
and Jim Eagan, who fought half way
through th» fourth round when Bell fell
from exhaustion.
Eagan and Bell mingled fists scientific
ally and pleased the crowd by their clever
listic work. In the fourth round Bell's
store of vitality was exhausted and he
fell limp and battle-stained to the ground.
The last contest showed I>an Barry in
good form. He did most of the leading
and went to his man, Jim Dally, as if he
wanted to force dire distress upon him,
but the referee, J. McDevitt, reading the
decision of the judges, said It was a draw.
Joe Sullivan received a decision from
Hugh Garrlty after four rounds of care
ful fighting. Dick Collins did not like lit
tle Abe Audi's stiff punches and was
counted out by the referee because he
stayed down several seconds without be
ing hit. Alex Hart, who tried the mettle
of George Watson, felt the same way In
the fourth round, and his disinclination to
fight on his feet made the latter the win
ner.
An extra round was called for in th©
fight between Jim Little and Tom Woods.
After It was all over the referee an
nounced a draw. Woods did good work
-for a novice.
Gus Salsbury and Tim Hurst furnished
the burlesque. Hurst's grotesque style
made him a short-ender, but Before the
fight was completed he had friends and
half, the money. The fight was a draw.
Amateur Boxing Bouts at
Bay City Club Closely
Contested.
INITIAL SHOW
IS A SUCCESS
TEACHERS WOEKINQ
FOR BACK SALARIES
Mass-Meeting of Educators Is to Be
Held To-Day to Formulate
Action.
A mass-meeting of teachers will be held
in the assembly chamber of the Board of
Kducation this afternoon at 4 o'clock for
the purpose of taking steps to secure the
adoption of the constitutional amendment
providing for payment to teachers and
janitors their unpaid back salaries for
November and December, 189b. There is
still due teachers the sunn of $118,000, jan
itors J7300 and miscellaneous creditors
$30,000.
The Annuity Association will also meet
in the Interest of further legislation for
the pensioning of teachers. A committee
from the Teachers' Association of Ala
meda County, consisting of Superinten
dent of School* T. O. Crawford, P. M.
Fisher (principal of the Central School)
and Miss Emma Hilton, will be present.
JUDGE CABANISS' courtroom was
crowded yesterday when the pre
liminary examination of the boy
Albert Loux. charged with the mur
<?er of Daniel Harney, the newsboy,
was held. The boy sat beside his attor
ney, Abraham Ruef. and listened calmly
to the testimony ,-jiven by the boy wit
nesses for the prosecution end defense.
1 he Judge after patiently hearing all the
evidence held Lcux to answer before the
Superior Court on a charge of man
slaughter and fixed his bonds in $200a It
was made apparent from the questions of
Attorney Ruef that he will plead self
defense in the upper court and incident
ally that Harney did not die from tho
knife wound In his abdomen, but from
blood poisoning.
- The first witness called was Mrs. Cath
erine Harney, mother of the murdered
boy. She testified that she lived at 1107
Mason street and was the mother of Dan
iel Harney, who at the time of his death
was 17 years 9 months old and tall and
strong for his age. She Identified the
shirt and trousers marked with blood as
havinr been worn by him on September 2,
the day he was stabbed.
I>r. Jonathan Green, 1229 Taylor street,
testified that he attended Daniel Harney
on the evening of September 2. The boy
had been stabbed in the abdomen. The
physician pushed two of his fingers Into
the wound to feel if the Intestines were
cut, but found that they were not- He
advised that the boy should be sent to
St. Mary's Hospital, where he attended
him. The wound was stitched and
dressed and blood poisoning set in. It
was decided to perform an operation, but
Harney strike Loux and Harney say that
he was cut.
For the defense Henry David testified
that he was going with his family to a
concert and saw the boys fighting. He
saw the Harney boy striking a smaller
boy and he said to him that he should not
strike a boy smaller than himself. Au
gust Loux. a brother of the defendant,
testified that Harney punched him, the
witness, who fell down and when he got:
up he ran to the middle of the street, fol
lowed by Harney, who hit him again
twice and he fell down each time. Then
Harney said he was stabbed. The wit
ness did not see a knife. Joseph Pac
clocco, another boy, testified practically
to the same effect. The defendant also
testified to Harney striking him several
times. He had the knife In his hand,
cutting his shoestring, when Harney
broke from the crowd and ran at him
and he supposed he must have ran
against the knife.
It was found that the boy was in such a
depressed state that he could not stand it.
The boy died from peritonitis. In cross
examination ho testified that the wound
In the abdomen was not of Itself fatal,
but blood poisoning set in, caused by some
foreign substance probably on the knife.
Charles Harnuy. a younger brother of
tho dead boy, testified that he had a fight
with Loux and he went and told his
brother Daniel, who had gone to his
aunt's house on Clay and Mason streets.
Daniel went to Loux, who was sitting on.
the steps of a house, and asked him;
"What did you strike my brother for?"
Loux smiled and rose to his feet, and
Daniel struck him on the face. Loux ran
to the middle of the street and Daniel fol
lowed him. A man told Daniel he should
not strike a smaller boy than himself,
and there was a mix-up. Ernest Monter
chard held Daniel's arms and Loux
punched Daniel on the stomach. Daniel
said he had been stabbed and walked to
a drug store. • He Identified the knife, as
Loux had loaned It to him earlier in the
day to cut a piece out of his shoe.
The knife was also identified by Tom
Meagher and Leon Simpson, two boys,
who found It at the scene of the mix-up
the following morning. It Was open when
they found It and there was a dirty red
mark on the blade, which they thought
was blood.
Ernest Monterchard testified that
every time Loux fell Harney lifted him
up till Loux ran to get away from Har
ney. Witness held Harney and told him
to leave Loux alone, as he had beaten
him enoug-h. Harney punched Loux
twice, then witness held Harney's arms
behind his back and after he let g-o his
arms he heard Harney say that he was
stabbed. Eddie Sullivan, Joseph Mc-
Intyre. William Lloyd, John Podesto and
Samuel Kess, boys, all testlded to seeing
INCIDENTS IN THE
LOCAL POLICE COTJHTS
Oscar E. Minsel Charged With
Knocking a Married Woman
Down Four Times.
Oscar B. Mlnsel appeared before Judge
Conlan yesterday on a charge of battery
upon Mrs. Minnie Hergoth, 534^ Bryant
street. The evidence showed that Mrs.
Herg-oth went to a saloon near her resi
dence for her husband on October S and
Minsel followed them and knocked Mrs.
Hergoth down, striking: her In the face
four times. She was found unconscious
by Policeman Tillman, who took her to
the Receiving Hospital. Two more wit
nesses ar§ to be examined, but the Judge
ordered Mlnsel into custody until to-day.
The case of J. Snowgrass, charged with
assault with a deadly weapon for cutting
Policeman Frank C. Howard in Mrs. L.
K. Skelton's saloon, Sutter street and
Central avenue, was dismissed by Judge
Fritz yesterday. The Judge held that
the evidence was more favorable to the
defendant than to the prosecution and he
was satisfied no jury would convict tho
defendant.
Harry Walters, the well-known bunko
man. grinned as he left Judge Fritz's
court yesterday afternoon. He was
charged ¦with petty larceny by trick and
device for making Lorenzo Snow of Sail
Lake City part with J45 about ten days
ago. When the case was called yester
day afternoon the Judge was informed by
L-etectives Crockett and Ryan that Snow
had returned to Salt Lake City and the
case had to be dismissed.
ALBERT LOUX. HIS BROTHER AND SOME OF THE OTHER EOT WIT
NESSES WHO TESTIFIED AS TO THE FIGHT THAT LED TO DAN
IEL, HARNEY'S DEATH.
ALBERT LOUX MUST STAND
TRIAL FOR MANSLAUGHTER
His Preliminary Examination Tends to Show That
the Boy Acted "in Self-Defense Upon
. Bemg Attacked. i
P. Rellly's Lady Grar.ard was easily the
best dog In the midweek reserve stake
yesterday at Union Park. From her first
siip to the raising of the flag in the de
ciding course it was> a euccesslon of well
earned and decisive victories, the Lady
leading her opponents in. every course^
The winner 5s by Emln Pasha, out of
Wave, and is a full eister of Sisquoc. Her
exhibition of s^peed and cleverness cer
tainly «howed her line breeding. In the
Jirst round she von an easy decision from
George 6harn:ans The Doctor. The talent
went wrong 0:1 this event, griotinjj 5 to 3
agraintt her. In her course with Tnorn
liaie in Uw second round the Lady made
.another killing for iht plners, inis time
ut a 10 l -r
Lauy Oranard was retired some time
ago on account of indifferent work, and
her pre;-ei;i spienciid showing came as a
surprise.
Uolc Nugget, Pasha kennels' importa
tion, showed wonderful improvement and
reached tr.'S fifth round, where she went
out to the winner. Her performance
entitles her to great credit, as every
course she ran wi^s a hard working one
and severe enough to test the staying
qualities of any hound. Twenty short ends
showed during the stake at average fair
odds.
Jir.gle Bells, the runner-up, did clever
work. ]n the final it was hard for her to
oft^tt the determined Lady Granard. who
led her from the slips A hard go with
Frosty Morn in the tilth hurt her chances.
The ail-absorbing topic among the leash
men is the big event for Saturday and
Sunday next. Ueacon and Luxor are not
favored to the extent that was predicted
earlier. PaJo Aito. while considered a fac
tcr. is really In the doubtful list, and the
¦wise ones are more at ease in predicting
reasons for his defeat than picking- him
*f a winner. Sir i'asha is more in demand
as the time for the tig stake approaches,
ikying Fox. too. has many admirers, who
figure- him as the best stake entry of the
Curtis kennel. ll<»d Angus was 'given a
try-out against Twin City Girl yesterday
morning. The dogs were slipped twice
utA v.itnf-ssos to the exhibition .«ay that
Angus led in the first and increase hi.«
lead in the second go. The new one has
many backers.
Yesterday's results, with Judge John
Orace s ofjiclal scores, follow:
I'nion Park midweek reserve Ftake flr«t
round— J. Demx>sey',< Jin trie Bells beat W J
ErowninK'p Mountain Belle. &-0; \V. C Glar-
MD'a s-Ieigh Hells beat Pasha Kennels' Run
Amurk, :,-d; R. K. de B. Lopez's Warrtfro beat
T. Hood'p Lady GeraJdine. 4-3; p. <_" Blick's
Advance Gua.rU beat It. K. de B. Lopez's Kaper
.-2: J. L. Itos*' Wautaugh a bye; J. R Thrift's
Tyrone Prince beat Aeneid Kennels' Aeneas,
4-3; J. 11. McN>ll f » Pearl Mac beat T. J Cn
nin't T»-rry Mc<;overn. j-0: J. Kenan's Hlack
lfH-k beat P. C. Bliek's FMora, 4-0; J. Smith's
&Iafter Workman b«»at J. J. Edmonds' Go On
S-<): T. Kenny's May Boy beat J. Murray's
Busybody, ic-0; J. McEnroe's Admiral Pamp-
Fcn b*at K. A. Mr<\>n-.b« Tiie Exile. 13-C- P
J. Olmas Cora Pear! beat Pasha Kennels'
KeachinB After. J4-2; J. M. Still well's E*mer
«.Ida b*at I^arkey k Rock's La Estrella, 8-0;
Aeneid Kennels' Arhillee beat J H. Vv*. Mul
lfra Moforita. 5-o : e. H. Mulcaster's Morilla
beat Larkc-y & R'irks Ladies" Choice. S-7; P.
C. Click's La Kosa Ekmreair beat'sterl &
Knr-v.-le*' Araart.Fa, 4-2; Ptcrl & Knowlea'
Frcwty Morn beat W. Oairnee' Imperial. 5-J:
J. I. O'Erlen't PaFha Q^ieen beat Pafha Ken
tvt&f Revolving Arrow. i'S-2; It. E. de B. Lo-
X#zs Wombat beat J. L. Rofs" I>jris, 10-3;
Chiarir.i P.roth^rs' P.ra«=s Button beat P. Doyle's
Wild Monarrh. 6-fi; \V. C. Badger's Alameda
I »-.'". beat Georjre !>harman> Bl&ck Klu!«h.
T. Ooyle's Nora Uwreace beat J. Rellly's Jim
.leffriee. l!-2; Pasha Kennels' Gold Xugpet
beat Aeneld K^r.nels' Flying Faster. 12-4; F.
Brown's Tammany b^at Pasha Kennels' Re<j
Arate. 14-2: R Reilly's Lady <Jranard beat
O-ortce Eharman'f The E>octor. 22-3: P. Moore' a
Thorndale beat I'acha Kermels' ReaJ Lassie.
3-2; R. E. de B. Lopez's Sweetness beat F
Brown's Village B>lle. 6-4; P. C. Blick'e ilay
Lawrence beut T. J. Cronin's Depend On Me
B-l: P. Reply's Master Mat beat Curtis &
Son's Rofinante. 10-3: W*. L. Stevens" Bermuda
t-eat M. Welch's Ber.daJonp. S-C; J. P. Thrift's
Sir Hughie beat Pasha Kennels' Reckless
Archer, 14-4.
Fecoml round— Jlnple Bells beat Sleigh Bella.
10-7: Warri*ro beat Advance Guard. 2-0: Tyrone
Prince beat Wajtaunh, 36-6: BlackJock
beat Pearl Mac, 5-4; Master Workman beat
May Boy. S-3; Admiral Sampson beat Cora
Pearl. S-2; Achilles beat Esmeraida. 4-1: Frosty
Morn beat Morilla, 6-5; Pa*ha Queen beat La
Kosa Souvenir. 7-6; Wombat beat Brass But
trn. 1S-4; Aiajneda Lad beat Nora. Lawrence.
S-2; Golden Nu«et beat Tammany, 22-0; Lady
Oranard b^st Thomdale. 6-2; Sweetnefg beat
May Uwrenff, 12-2: Master Mat beat Bermuda,
6-*: Fir Hughl« a bye.
Third round — Jinele XZe\\* b*a.t Warrigo. 6-1:
niaokl-x-k b*-at Tyrone I»rlnc»>. 7-2; Admiral
Sampson b*>at Master Workman, 6-3: Frosty
Kcta beat Achilles. 10-0; Wore bat beat Pasha
Qu«*n. €-?; Gold Nusget beat Alaroeda L*<i.
32-1; Lady Grar.ard beat Swe«»nese. 9-4; Master
STat »->at Fir HuKhie, U-0.
fourth round — Jinerle Bells beat Blaeklork.
F.-O; Frosty Morn b<»at Admiral Sampeon. 8-2;
L&fly Granard beat Wombat, 12-3; Golden Nug
pf-t t^at Mafier Mat, 16-3.
Fifth round — Jlnsr!*" IVlls b*at Prosty Morn.
ir-6: Lady Granard bent Oold Nuusret. 14-1.
r>«"<-i<Mr.e rrmrw — T^ady Granard beat Jingle
Bfl'.S. 14-4.
Gold ITugget in Good Form and Ex
hibits Great Speed— Notes of
¦ i .. the Big Coursing
Event.
Wins the Union Park Mid
week Stake Handily
and on Merit
FAST AND CLEVER
I S LADY GRANARD
Looking hale and hearty James F. Cald
well, the noted starter, accompanied by
his family, arrived In the city last night
from New York. He is registere4 at tho
Palace Hotel. Since leaving California at
the close of the last racing season Mr.
Caldwell has officiated in the starter's box
at Latonia, Newport and Saratoga tracks,
where his splendid work was highly
praised. The silver-haired "prince of
starters" will handle the red bunting at
Oakland the coming season, a fact which
prevented him from accepting a return
engagement at Latonia, the meeting at
that track not opening this year until
October 27.
To-morrow night Mr. Caldwell will leave
for Los Angeles, at which point he will
dispatch the runners during the coining
meeting to be held thero. The fields will
be sent away with the flag, a gate not
being available.
Reviewing the Eastern racing situation
the veteran flag wlelder said Saratoga en-
Joyed a highly successful season this year,
but that If suitable dates could not be
obtained for next season Walbaum, who
is again a man of means, would probably
dispose of his property at the springs.
Forty-eight bookmakers chalked up odds
there. Caldwell further stated that the
approaching season here Is engrossing
much attention among Eastern horsemen
and bookmakers, and that Sam Hildreth's
preat stable is pretty sure to have a
strong fe'lowing of Easterners in its
wake. Green Morris and several other
owners of big strings are also getting
ready to ship this way.
The stables of Pat Dunne, Andy Blake
ley, C. F. Saunders & Co. and Fenton &
Co. arrived, at Oakland track yesterday
from Chicago.
Will First Fulfill an Engagement at
Los Angeles — Many Big
Stables Will Be Here to
Race.
Renowned Starter. Replaces
Ferguson at Oakland
Track.
CALDWELL HERE
FROM THE EAST
The social science department, under the
chairmanship of Mrs. Arthur Cornwall, is
preparing for an active philanthropic
campaign the coming year.
Frances Graham, whose glorious con
tralto voice has won her so much admira
tion since she has been a star of the Tlv
oli's fine combination, goes East soon to
take the leading contralto position In
Grau's grand opera troupe. In private life
the singer is most womanly and charming,
and quite In keeping with her iovely char
acter is her generous gift of her talent for
this vaudeville matinee.
It is not generally realized how such
women work for a cause which brings no
personal emolument to them. Professional
people learn to do things by routine, but
women of leisure In projecting and carry
ing out such an Important project as the
vaudeville matinee of the 23d lnst. relin
quish leisure, comfort, pleasure and re
pose to give their whole strength toward
accomplishing success.
Many attractive features are belner
added to the original plan. The ladies of
the hospital section of the social science
department will act as a reception com
mittee. Trained nurses from the City and
County Hospital, where much good work
has been done by the club, will be present
in their neat uniforms and distribute the
souvenir programmes, and the entertain
ment that will be offered has been en
riched by late additions which will be kept
as a surprise.
So, now, artists, advertisers, Orpheum
management, vendors of all sorts of ne
cessities In the way of lights, music, etc.,
lend their aid graciously and gratuitously,
while the business and social worlds — the
people who love the artistic and the
charming, and the many who lazily love
to do their good works by proxy— are buy-
Ing seats and boxes with a promptness
that tills the hearts of the members of the
club with joy.
Tho ladies of the social science depart
ment of the California Club, who are the
active workers in the preparations for the
matinee to be given Tuesday afternoon at
the Orpheum, and who are being sup
ported by the entire membership of the
club, are Justifiably proud of the generous
co-operation extended to them on very
hand. The good record of this club in suc
cessful work for the municipality, whether
educational, philanthropic or civic, stands
it in good stead when it comes forward aS
an aspirant for patronage which shall
bring money into its coffers for the many
branches ot the good work it carries on.
Frances Graham Will Sing and There
Will Be Many Other Splen
did Features Pre-
Tuesday's Matinee Is to Be
a Grand Vaudeville
rjVfln L.
HEARTY AID FOR
CALIFORNIA CLUB
When Marston recovers he will visit
Redwood City and endeavor to identify
the suspect, who is being held.
When asked how he had received the
¦wound O'Brien said he had been acciden
tally shot while hunting. Suspecting that
the man had been shot while committing
some depredation the doctor lost no time
in communicating with the authorities.
O'Brien was then subjected to a rigid
cross-examination, and as he frequently
contradicted himself It was decided to
look up his history pending an .investiga
tion.
The police are inclined to believe that
the stranger who sought medical assist
ance for a gunshot wound of the arm In
Redwcod City Is one of the men who as
saulted Police Officer Marston of this city
on the water front some time ago. The
man's name Is William O'Brien. Severai
days ago he visited a doctor's office Jn
Redwood City and asked tb be treated for
a severe wound in the left arm, which
had been caused by a bullet.
in Custody.
at Redwood City and Is Held
Wounded Individual Seeks Treatment
THOUGHT TO BE " THE
MAN SHOT BY MABSTON
Master Builders' Protective Association.
The plan of the latter organization Is to
adopt the same scheme followed in Chi
cago, that of tying up the entire building
trade to the cost of every merchant, me
chanic and tradesman.
The Building Trades Council -discussed
this new move last evening and reports
were made by agents of the council who
had looked into the matter. It was learned
that only fifteen members of the trade
were present at a meeting: of the new
association Tuesday and that the move
ment is yet far from being general — at
least that is the Information which the
council jrave out last nl&ht.
MH1-OWNEHS HAVE HIT
UPON A NEW. SCHEME
Building Trades Council Discusses
New Movement and Receives
Reports of Agents.
The striking mlllmen are annoyed by the
movement of the millowners to form a
-^
Brooklyn Wins the- Decid
ing Game of the
Series.
CHAMPIONS OF
BASEBALL WORLD
Waddell was put in the box as a forlorn
hope, but the ¦ handicap was too great.
McGinnlty won his second game in the
series by keeping the hits well scattered
and by receiving the finest support. Cross
was especially effective by getting- in the
way of numerous balls speeding toward
left field and making wonderfully fast
throws. Score:
Clubs — R. H. E.
Pittsburg 0 0 0 0 0 10 0 0—1 9 3
Brooklyn 0 10 3 110 0 0—6 8 0
Batteries— Leever, Waddell, O'Connor and
Zlmmer; McGinnlty and Farrell. Umpires—
Swartwood and Hurst.
The Brooklyn team went out of training
Immediately after the game to-day and
they indulged in a jubilee dinner at their
hotel. The team by unanimous consent
decided to turn over to Pitcher McGin
nlty the handsome trophy cup, It to be bis
personal property forever.
The Brooklyn management save McGln
nity $100 extra for his good work.
The Pittsburg men went at their work
to-day with determination and every
point was well covered up to the fourth
inning, when a fumble by Leever netted
Brooklyn three runq. After that the lo
cals so^med to lose their snap, and though
they played hard to win it was conceded
by the spectators that the home team was
outclassed.
PITTSBURG. Oct. IS.— Brooklyn Is the
champion of the baseball world, the own
er of the beautiful Chronicle-Telegraph
trophy cup, and carries away one-half tho
gate receipts of the four games necessary
to decide the supremacy over Pittsburp.
In only one game of the four played did
Pittsburg look to be In the same class
with Brooklyn.
DENVER. Oct. 18.— Al Hereford, man
ager for Joe Gans, announced to-night
that he had mailed to William Naughton
of Chicago a draft for $1000 as a forfeit
for a six-round fight with Frank Erne In
Chicago. ¦ _ . - . . ¦ ,
Time— 2:17, 2:18, 2:19.
Trotting, 2:20 class:
Dora Doe (Nelson) Ill
Maggie McKinney (W. G. Durfee) 3 2 2
Juan Chlco (Hellman) : 2 3 3
Alberta (W. Parson) ...4 4 4
Sllvlon (Dwain) : 6 5 5
Tlme-2:17. 2:19, 2:21H.
Gans Posts a Forfeit.
SALINAS, Oct. IS.— The third day of the
Monterey County Fair was a successful
as well as enjoyable one. Many guests
were in town. In the morning a parade
of fine stock was the principal thing of
Interest, while in the afternoon the races
attracted a large crowd. -In the unfinished
2:13 pace Wild Nutllng and Delphi had
each two heats. In the final Delphi won
out in 2:12^4. In the quarter run Limber
Jim had an easy thing in three straight
heats. B«*st time 1:16. In the 2:19 pace
Frederlcksburg won first money. In three
straight heats, and made the first heat in
2:17. In the 2:20 trot I>ora Doe won first
money in three straight heats. Summary:
Running 1 , three-quarters of a mile, heats*
Limber Jim (Wall) .' i 'i j
Miss Xorma (Westfall) 12 2
Melvln Burnham (Bolton) S3 4
Fine Shot (Burllngrame) 4 4 3
Time— 1:16.
Pacing. 2:19 claw:
Fredericksburff (Bunch) Ill
Dictatus (Day) 2 2 3
Dlabllta (Dwain) 3 3 2
the Unfinished 2:13 Pace.
RACES AT SALINAS.
Delphi Takes the Deciding 1 Seat in
THE SA3ST FRANCISCO CAM,, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 19, 1900.
Eddie Morris Wins.
GALENA, Kans., Oct. 18.— Eddie K.
Morris of San Francisco knocked out
George W. Walker, known as "The Trini
dad Kid"' of Trinidad, Colo., in the fifth
round of what was scheduled to be a
twenty-round glove contest in this city to
night.
NEW YORK, Oct> 18.— Alard Scheck
won. the Fordham hlghwelght handicap at
Morris Park to-day and was then dis
qualified, as his Jockey, Burns, was two
pounds under weight. The horse was
heavily played and his owner, John F.
Schorr, figured up that the disqualifica
tion cost him Just $14,400 outside of the
stake. It was an unfortunate occurrence
as Alard Scheck showed himself a high
class colt, as he was giving weight to
everything in the race.
The Ramapo handicap was the other
fixture and Klllashandra, an odds-on fa
vorite, made the running and won clever
ly. Results:
One mile, selling — The Amazon won, Alslka
second, Arinor third. Time, 1:41%.
Six and a half furlongs— Little Daisy won.
Fleet Wing second, Alcyon II third. Time. 1:23.
Ramapo handicap, mile and an eighth — Kllla
shandra won, Gonfalon second, first Whip
third. Time, 1:E5>4.
Fordham hlghweight, seven furlongs— Belle of
Troy won, Charantug second, Kinnlklnnlc
third. Time, 1:2SV4. Alard Scheck finished
first, but was disqualified for being two pounds
under weight.
One mile — Asqulth won. The Chamberlain
second, Harry McCoun third. Time, 1:43.
Mile and a quarter— Banyor won, Intrusive
second. Time, 2:06&. Only two starters.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 18.— First and second
choices and outsiders split the card evenly
at Klnloch to-day. Results:
Six furlongs, selling— Harry Thoburn won.
Wlnnebejour second, Gaston third. Time, 1:15.
Five and a half furlongs, selling— Tea Gown
won, Dalkelth second. Belle of Elgin third.
Time, 1:08.
Seven furlonge, selling— Jack Adle won. Curd
GUlock second. Farmer Bennett third. Time,
1:28.
Six furlongs, selling — Theory won. Tom
Klngslcy second. Captain Gaines third. Time.
1:12.
One mile, selling— Innuendo won. Tildy Ann
second. Will Fay third. Time, 1:43.
One and three-sixteenths miles, selling—Dom
slp won, Klmmage second. Jimp third. Time.
CINCINNATI. Oct. 18.— All the gate re
ceipts to-day at Newport were donated to
the fund for Harry Weldon. Results:
Mile and fifty yards, selling— Beana won,
Louisville Belle second. Dr. Black third. Time.
1:«5H-
Five furloncs — Port "Wine won, Clorlta sec
ond, MIbs Aubray third. Time, 1:01%.
Six furlongs— Pantland won, Lizzie Jackson
second, Jeana third. Time, 1:15U.
One mile, handicap— John Terkes won. Clay
Pointer second. Miss Soak third. Time. 1:4114.
One mile, selling— Our Lady won, Little Tim
second, Pacquelln third. Time, 1:43.
Six furlongs, selling— Princess Thyra won,
Jake Weber second, Deist third. Time, 1:14%.
CHICAGO, Oct. 18.— Results at Harlem:
Five furlongs— Kohnwreath won. Ellis Glenn
second, Watita third. Time, 1:00 4-5. . i
Mile and a half, selling— Frangible won.
Harry Nutter second, Topmast third. Time,
2:34.
Five furlongs— Kenllworth won, Robert Wad
dell second. Blink third. Time. 1:00 2-5. ffls-trf
Mile and twenty yards— Freyllnghuysen won.
Golden Scepter eecond, Yoloco third. Time,
1:42 3-5.
Six furlongs— Chappaqua won. Mint Sauce
second, Dolly Welthoft" third. Time. 1:13 4-5.
Mile and twenty yards— Aurea won. Dissenter
second, Astor third. Time, 1:42 2-5.
Jockey Burns, Horse's Rider,
Was Two Pounds
Under Weight.
SCHECK FIRST,
BUT DISQUALIFIED
8
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FOR THE
MEDICAL
IOISCOVERY
DR.PIERCES
GOLDEN
BB.OOD. LIVER. LUNGS.
\M. T. HBS9,
KOTAHT PCBLIO AMO ATTOaSEY-AT-I,AW.
Tenth Floor. Room 1015. Claus Sprcckela Bids.
San Francisco.
Telephone Brown 331.
Residence. 821 California st.. b«low Powell.
PUTTQIII7Q TOR BARBERS. BAK-
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, euntr*.
dyers, flourmllls, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, tta«
blemen. tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, •to.
BUCHA>A.N BROS..
Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sacramento St.
jpt^ ¦ ¦ a\ ¦ Hunters' Equipments,
lag gal I" FiaMns Tackle, Athlet-
I m 1 9 «IjI 1° Goods, etc. Bedrock
oLJlv&j Prlces - 3end for Ca , ; .-
SHREVE. 733 Market stl
%aS^33WlARK£T ST. sFVa^y
61 pep Year*
WEEEY CALL
Drink "Rainier," onljr beer on Paciflo
Coast that received a medal at Paris Ex-
position; awarded for purity and duality.*
Next Sunday's Call will be
filled with interesting articles
and among- others there will
be a page devoted to the do-
ings of an American girl in
India — none other than Miss -
Daisy Iieiter, sister of Lady
Curzon.
WELU1AN,PECK&CO,
SOLE MGENTS
There are many good reasons
why you should use WHITE
COTTOLENE in your cooking.
There are none why you
should use hog fat.
There is no hog fat in COT-
TOLENE, nothing but pure veg-
etable oil and choice beef suet.
Try the new WHITE COTTO-
LENE.
jOL"/ " TiriS} The NJCFalrbantc Company,
[¦«,ia»j»jJ] j Chicago-Sole Manufacturers.
V:ScP*!kr /FREE! 0111 " dainty book>t
lratn:«C?'.->* 1 mailed frw to any addr<*«». For
I iSSivlciaSv I one -° " tllm P w « w "l s^nd f r^» our
L't^S?2E£«^i 123 P*** ™*"ip« book. "Home
'*V*«»~ J *<Uir' Helps." edited by Mrs. Rcrer.
>!rf3$ES3fc£t*»Jff El3 J 313 » non-poljonetis
<s«m&r r?medr for Gonorrhea.
Gleet. Spermatorrhaa.
JHSSyia 1 to5 i.ti.XS whit*«, unnatural dL>-
emv Oa»r»ati*4 \| charges, or any lniarama-
bJ**M bo * m •»'•«¦'•- tion. Irritation or ulcera-
|r»— 2 ?r»Tenu contagion. tion Of nncons mem-
K7*l T H£EvtN3 CHEVI'CUCJ. br *°«»- -Non-astriagea:.
»jfiSLcmc:ix»T!.o.E33 SoId by "^czista,
,¥!¦. c. s. a. "Bar 9 t * ent la p la!n w «ppei.,
-TgnBy^ J>7 «prt«8. prepaid, f dr
ft- 00 *, 0 ' 3 *»«»»•• «i-T3.
H Circular sent oa roqae«t»
A prominent specialist in the cure of rupture
has written a book on the subject and tells
how any sufferer can cure himself at home
at slight expense. And the best of It is that
he haa published this book for free distribution.
Printing Is, nowadays, such a rapid art that
Known New York Specialist.
Welcome Advice From a Well
Blatter How Bad the Case.
Horns Method That Restores No
Rupture Cure Free.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIAN'A .HITTERS. THH
great Mexican remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot. 323 Market.
Dr. Bennett's Electric Belt
Makes weak men and women strong and strong
men and women stronger. Rooms S a oil *, 47
Post St.. San Francisco. Cal.
MR. F. U. WILL.BT.
It doesn't cewt a great deal to get out a Heat
book and clve It away. The book is Trritten
by Dr. W. S. Rice, 41S L. Main Bt.. Adams, ft.
Y.. and by merely Rending your name and ad-
dress he will mail you a copy free of all cost.
The portrait above is that of Mr. F. L. Wil-
ley, Shelton, Wash., who was cured of rup-
ture by Dr. Rice. Mr. Wllley says: ' "I sent
to Dr. Rice for one of his books on rupture
and found It very valuable. The Information
therein was the flrst real knowledge I had ever
received that could convince me that rupture
was a curable malady. I used the home treat-
ment and am glad to say that my rupture was
perfectly cured and that I haven't had any
return or noticed any difference between the
healed place and any other solid part of me
I was cured sound and well."
Readere are requested to write at once for
this free book. No matter if you are wearing
some kind of a truss that affords some relief
send at once And learn all about the new home
cure which Dr. Rice has clearly explained and
fully illustrated. Write to-day and if you know
others who are ruptured ask them to write
It contains advice that may save your life "
If you write at once Dr. Rice will send you a
trial of his method free of all cost.
e John Wilkinson, Suburbanite,
5 Enjoyed his country homo at nljht.
M But mornings drove him near insane.
i He mUsed his breakfast or bis train.
B Kb little wife was worried sick—.
§ What could she get that would cook quick?
B She scanned the paper*— found tho link-.
I " Eat M-O— ready In a wink.**
With happy heart she quickly hies
Down to her grocer's— M-O buys:
I And when the morning; breaks again.
John get* his breakfast and hU train.
And now he wonders why 'tis sot
That -one small dishful of M-O
Sustains him,— while he used to cat
a A quantity of ezzs and meat.
I A little of H-O
S (Hornby's Steam Cooked Odtmeaf)
S Ooes a long; way.
9 There b more nutriment In It
P than in meats, vegetables, eggs
B or any other food
H which may cost twice ss much.TO SAIL.
Sun rises 6:22
Sun sets 6:27
Moon rises 2:45 a. m.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
tha early morning tides are given in tho left
hand column and the successive tides of tho
day in - the order of occurrence as to time of
day, the third time column the third tlda and
the last or right hand column gives the last
tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
(riven are In addition to the sounding on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height, and
then the number given is subtracted from the
depth given by, the charts. The plane of refer
ence is the mean of the lower low waters.'
Wheat Charters.
The British ship Crocodile arrived from
Newcastle, Australia, yesterday In C8
days, and the British ship Osborne came
in a few minutes after her; having made
the run in the same time from the same
port. Both vessels are chartered to carry
wheat to Liverpool, so they will have a
chance to renew the race. The Crocodile
only gets 31s 3d for her cargo, wh.'le the
Osborne gets S5s. The Springburn. which
f?ot In yesterday, is also chartered at
31s 3d to carry wheat to Cork.
FRIDAT. OCTOBER 1».
n fund for telephones which was already
overdrawn. Lackmann threatened to
have a court order iseued for the tele
phone, hut Wells said he would not hon
or it. and if the Judge cited him for con
tempt for refusing to obey It he would im
mediately appeal to the Supreme Court.
Wells says that the charter explicitly
supports him in his Ftand.
The request of Sheriff Lackmann that a
telephone be placed In his office in the
Hall of Justice buildlnsr caused Auditor
¦\Vells to declare yesterday that he ¦will
secure a Supreme Court decision as to
whether or not he Is compelled to honor
a court order. Laokmann wanted the
telephone paid lor out of the urgent neces
sity fund, but Wells said that there was
Auditor May Ignore Court Orders.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at tho
city front (Mission-street wharf) about twenty
five minutes later than- at Fort Point; the
height of tide is the Fame at both places.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Cay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Impure Food Condemned.
Chief Far.itary Inspector Chalmers re- j
ported to thc Board of Health yesterday j
that Food Inspectors Reardon. William- j
«=^n and Robertfion had condemned In '
the<r riistrlots 27 cases of deviled ham. 21 i
7 .'-rkaj^s of mapic yeast. IS boxes of figs, j
2 4 packages of rancake meal. 9 boxes of
re If ins. 72 can? of baking: powder. 34 Jars I
of mustard. 25 pounds of Jelly, 15 ducks,
2 g«eM and S snipe.
ton and A. Pr-ruzzy and Private W. Ben
der, the guard in. charge of the gang of
*p<-'nfral prisoners at the Presidio, were
acquitted of the charge of negligence by
the board appointed to try them for al
lowing five of the men to escape. The
prooeedinRS of the case -were approved,
put the acquittal wes disapproved by Gen
? ral Fhaftcr. who. in sj.r-oial orders, para
graph 232, refers to the case as follows:
It Is a. fact th»t In not disputed that a body
. I ;r.FOTiprs. liumtwrlnir twenty-five. wa?
turned ever to a gnard of three non-commis
sioned officer* and twelve men at the Presidio.
«n1 that five prisoner! escai^d without any
knowledge of ar.y member of the ruerd. If
thta if rftardP'i by the cnurtmartiai as belrfr
rtr^r.tive to duty the d"pa_rtment commander
< a:;r.ot ijrrf« w.-.h it, ani, therefore, dieap
prOKf U» KCQUlttal.
Captain Arnn« \V. Kimball. quartermas
ter at th^ Prc-pidio. has been granted a
] f avc of absence for twer.tv da vs.
Lieutenant P. M. AsbbOCTX, assistant
f-urgeon, having returned from leave of
absence, [a a«si?nc-(! to duty at the Gen
<:al Hospital awaiting transportation!
abroad.
The following officers are appointed to i
rocet at The-Pr'5j<iio for the trial of prls- <
oners: Major Henry H. Adams. Eipht- i
eenth Infantry; < aptain Charles B. Har- !
rtin. Eighteenth Irfantry; Captain Daniel :
F*. Angium. Twelfth Infantry: Captain ¦
John A. Perry, Thirteenth Infantry: Cap
tain Harry D. Humphrey. Twentieth In- '
fantry; Captain Edson A. Lewis. Eight- >
fenth Infantry; Captain Frederic D. i
Kvar.s. Eighteenth Infantry: Second Uleu- '¦
tfr.sr.t Haljih K Erower. Third Artillery; !
First Lieutenant Elmer TV. Clark. Eight- •
tenth Infantry, judge advocate.
SOI-TJIEaS ACQUITTED OF
CHARGES OF NEGLIGENCE
Allowed Five Prisoners to Escaps
and Are Not Punished — Shaftsr
Disapproves Verdict.
rnmnrs-le H. J. Muffclman. J. R. Bur-
National Banks Agree to Pay Taxes
Amounting to $60,000 on
Their Stock.
AfscFsor Dodge said yesterday that the
national banks of this city -have agreed
to pay the taxes on their stock and that
the city's excess revenue will in conse
quence he increased by 5G0.O00 over and
above the $200,000 Increase heretofore esti
mated.
Dodjre pays that in his estimate of the
amount on which It was certain that
taxfs would be collected he made an al
lowance of about $10,000,000 from the tax
roll that would be involved in litigation.
This amount included about $6,000,000, the
assessment made against the Ptock of na
tional hanks. The surplus revenue was
etimated by Dodge at about $200,000: this
amount being the taxes in excess of the
tax rcll over and above the $375,000,000 on
which the tax rate was fixed by the
Board of Supervisors in July last. As this
$0,000.0'*) was not taken into account, it
now appears that the surplus of the city
will amount to nearly $300,000 instead of
$200,009 as at nVet estimated.
LARGE INCREASE IN
CITY'S EXCESS REVENUE
ure if It "Wins.
The Beard of Election Commissioners
met yesterday afternoon and decided to
place the ordinance licensing the sell-
I ing of pools on contests between men
on the State ticket which will be voted for
at the next election. This action is the
result of a monster petition signed by
20.TPS voters requesting the submission of
the ordinance to legalize gambling to a
vote of the people.
Registrar WalFh sated that it would he
impossible to secure in time the necessary
paper to print the ordinance on a sepa
rate ticket. Though convinced that the
procedure was not entirely regular, the
commission decided to place the ordinance
on the State ticket as a matter of expe
diency.
This will in all likelihood permit the
opponents of poolrooms to test the legal
ity of the proposed measure by raising
the issue that a municipal matter should
not be voted for at the same time as State
officials.
Election Commisssioners Pave the
Way for Test of Proposed Meas-
POOLROOM ORDINANCE
GOES ON STATE TICKET
MAP SHOWING POLITICAL. DI
VISIONS OF EUROPE AT END
OF SIXTEENTH CENTURY.
Crossing the Alps In our survey, we find
that 200 years ago Italy, like Germany,
was merely "a geographical expression."
Equally disrupted, without even a formal
tie like the empire. It was even more ex
posed to the aggrandizement of Spain.
France or Austria. The southern half of
the peninsula, commonly called the king
dom of Naples, the islands of Sicily and
Sardinia and the duchy of Milan belonged
Turning now to the two German states
whose rivalry has played so large a part
in the military history of these centuries
—Austria and Prussia— we find that the
margrave of Brandenburg has just risen
to the dignity of a king (1701). taking his
title from the territory of Prussia, whose
sovereignty had been wrested from Po
land by his father. The policy of the
new king was to continue the efforts of
the great elector— to unify and consolidate
his detached possessions by absorbing tho
territories lying between them and by
substituting for various local bodies a
centralized and energetic administration.
The accomplishment of this task was con
stantly promoted hardly less by the wise
policy of internal improvements and gen
erous hospitality to religious refugees
than by the army. With a population
mainly homogeneous and Protestant, the
problem of Prussia was easier than that
of her rival, for the Austrian possessions
were a loose aggregation of states, inhab
ited by several races speaking nearly a
dozen distinct ¦ languages. Notwithstand
ing the already heterogeneous character
of their domains, the house of Hapsburg
aimed -constantly to extend Its rule, and
did so at the expense of Spain in Italy and
the Netherlands and at the expense of
the Turk in the southeast.
The nominal sovereign of the empire
was the emperor. This office of emperor,
as a matter of form, was bestowed by
election by the great princes of the em
pire, who constituted the electoral col
lege. As a matter of fact. It was usually
hereditary in the house of Austria, Sev
eral of the great princes of the empire
bore a curious double relation to It. In
volving at times a serious conflict of ln
terests^Jtpr example, the archduke of
Austria wW usually emperor (not, as id
too often supposed, of Austria, but of the
Holy Roman Empire of the German na
tion), and at the same time as king of
Bohemia he was one of the imperial elect
ors. Inside the empire he was also after
1715 ruler of the Austrian Netherlands
(approximately modern Belgium), and
outside the empire king of Hungary, duke
of Milan, etc. Again, the. margrave of
Brandenburg was an electoral prince In
the empire, while outside of it he was
king of Prussia, duke of Silesia (after
1742), etc.* The duke of Brunswick-Lune
burg was made an imperial elector In
1602, being commonly called the elector of
Hanover. In 1714 the elector of Hanover
became the king of England. . .
riority, the unification of Germany and of
Italy and the rise of Russia as a Euro
pean and world power that are the great
est changes wrought In Europe since 1700.
One of the first reauisites for under
standing the European situation at this
date is a Knowledge of the peculiar make
up of the old Germanic empire. Without
such knowledge, too, the rise of Prussia,
the work of Napoleon and the formation
of the German empire of to-day cannot
be clearly grasped. In the eighteenth cen
tury the Germanic or Holy Roman em
pire was a loosely connected federation
of some 360 sovereign or nearly sovereign
states, consisting of principalities and re
publics and comprising in all somewhat
lerfs than four times the area of Illinois
and somewhat over 20.000.COO of people. Of
the local and petty character of the ma
jority of these states in tho empire one
gets an idea from the fact that the sixty
odd imperial cities, (city republics) pos
sessed little territory outside their walls,
and that there were eighty of the sover
eign states with less than 200 square
miles of area; or, to state the same fact
differently, more than a quarter of the
empire was occupied by sta.tes no one of
which was as large as Delaware. An In
teresting survival of these little states is
the present principality of Lichtenstein.
These little states could form alliances
with each other or with foreign nations
provided they were not against the em
pire or the public peace, a provision con
tinually defied. With the exception of the
free or Imperial cities, which were repub
lics, these minor states were absolute
monarchies, whose princes maintained a
court life modeled on that at Versailles.
In the ecclesiastical states, those whose
rulers were bishops, the religious element
was conspicuous- only in that in the pa
rade of state monks took the place of sol
diers. Next to be mentioned are the sev
eral hundred knights of the empire, ruling,
except as regards war and treaties, do
mains on the average of about 400 Inhab
itants.
and all European monarehs had their eyes
on him, for any Increase in hi3 power or
resources might made him more powerful
than any practical combination against
him. In the middle of his reign France
reached a position from which she domi
nated European culture and threatened to
dominate European politics. In the self
defensive effort of other states to check
the expansion -of France and to curb the
ambition of Louis XIV, William, Prince
of Orange, the ruler of the Netherlands,
took the lead. His accession ta the Eng
lish throne In 16S8 had immensely
strengthened his position strategically,
for he exchanged an exposed for a pro
tected position, and he was insured the
support of English resources In the strug
gle as long as Louis favored the exiled
Stuart?. As ruler of both the United
Netherlands and England he headed the
opposition cf the two great maritime pow
ers to the aims of Louis \iV. to secure
to France through the accession of his
grandson to the. throne of Spain a share
in the control of the Mediterranean and
Spanish-American trade.
A word. In closing, of the significance of
the balance of power. Early In the six
teenth century, Dy a succession of fortu
nate marriaees and the imperial election
of 1519, Charles V found himself Emperor
cf the Holy Roman empire, tho ruler of
the Hapsburg hereditary domains, of the
of a large part of Italy, and
Kins of Spain and of the Indies. Thl.i
truly formidable combination threatened
the Independence of the rest of Europe,
but the Protestant revolution was th.-s
force of disruption, -which, in Junction
with the self-defensive alliances of the
smaller states, prevented either Charles
or his son Philip II from perfecting their
vast designs tch" universal monarchy.
Similarly, in Louis XIV's tlma th« pro
jected union of Spain and Franc© brought
Into existence a succession of alliances
to defeat the ambition of the great king.
Again, the designs of Napoteon were met
by the allied powers, and in our own day
the trip'© alliance of Germany, Austria
and Italy has been confronted with tho
understanding of France and Russia. In
Fhort. the preservation of the balance of
power was the maintenance of such an
equilibrium that no one power or com
bination of powers should be suffered to
prow to such a size as to bear dowii on
the teeterboard of European politics any
available combination of the remaining
states. The effort to maintain thl3 equ
llbrlum ultimately worked out to the ad
vantage of the strong. As long as there
were groups of small states like the em
pire of Italy or disorganized and helplepa
large states like Poland they were men
aced by absorption or dismemberment by
their stronger neighbors in their cease
less rivalry. The interests of states and
rulers were merged and a disputed suc
cession Involved not merely a contest be
tween rival factions, like the "Wars of the
Roses in England, but great international
wars whose consequences profoundly Inr
fluenced European history and were felt
around the globe.
EDWARD G. BOURXE.
¦ Tale "University.
Lieutenant Commander Charlen E. Fox, TJ
S N.: W. J. Evann, Mrs. N. B. Irwln. Cai>
taln Henry I^eonard, U. 8. M. C. ;. Sergeant
Jcteph M. Adams. U. S. M. C. ; E. Carolan.
Mrs. G. R. Carter, Captain W. H.. OoulJ A
Mc>.*ally, Mrs. E. K. Sherinan. K. Sheridan
¦\V. W. Goodal*-, MIps M. Post, A. \V. Ahlborn
r>r. rt. ,\V. Anderson, D. H. Murphy. Mrs
Bunny, T. Sunny, C. F. Schermerhorn, H. L.
Hudson. Mrs. L. "Wright, Mrs. H. W. Craft,
¦\V. B. Plummer. Miss It. Sunter, J. L. Mc-
Comb. "VV. II. Gregory. \V. J. Wilson. Mrs. \V
J. Wilson. W. Palache. C. P. Chase, J.. M
Wilson. Paul Reiser. Miss J. Hackfeld. Miss
M. Hackfeld. J. F. Hackfeld. Mrs. J. F. Hnck
fi-ld and nurse.- Mrs. Moses, Miss Rohndahl,
Dr. Hofmann, Mrs. C. W. Van Petter, S. N.
Baxter, Chris Nllson, J. CademAtora, J.
Okawa, H. J. Platts, C. Bundock, M. P. John-
The Mail Company's steamer City of
Peking artived from the Orient yesterday
morning and was quarantined. The cabin
passengers were released and later the
vessel was allowed to dock. »Those in the
cabin were:
Peking Arrives From Orient.
The Manning left Dutch Harbor on Oc
tober 3 with Colonel Evans aboard. She
is to visit all the customs stations on the
Alaskan coast. Colonel. Evans will get
home in time for the election.
When the Pathfinder was at Dutch Har
bor on October 4 the Lawton was coaling
She was to leave the next day for Nome",
where she was to take aboard about 1000
destitute miners who want to get to civil
ization. It would take her a week to get
to the gold fields and load, so she should
reach Seattle about the 22d inst.
Nome.
THE LAWTON HEAIID FROM.
Probably on Her Way Home From
During the run home the Pathfinder's
crew took three deep-sea soundings. The
best one was in latitude 40 deg. 3 mln.
north, longitude 128 dog. 32 mln. west, or
nearly off San Francisco. The plummet
went down 2530 fathoms, a little less than
three miles.
All the triangulatlons were made by
Assistant H. F. Flynn, who was in charge
of the steamer Yukon (75 tons). The rest
of the work was done on the launch Delta
and the ship's two launches and a char
tered boat. Flynn did some splendid work
crossing the tundra and 'mountains be
tween St. Michael and Golovin Bay on
foot and making the most accurate kinds
of observations. The work done by all
hands on the Pathfinder will not be over
looked at Washington.
At the outset the crew of the Pathfinder
ran up against a snag. Captain Gilbert
did not know that smallpox was "epi
demic" at Nome and that Egg Island had
been established as a quarantine station.
He went ashore on the Island and put up
a signal pole. Lieutenant Cantrell
swooped down on the party and ordered
the Pathnnder into quarantine. Captain
Gilbert simply hove up anchor and went
to work with his triangulatlons further
up the sound.
The officers of the Pathfinder are: Cap
tain J. J. Gilbert. H. V. Flynn. U. S. M.
C. and coast and geodetic survey; A. H.
Dutton, cnicf officer; C. W. Fitzgerald,
second officer; W. M. Atkinson, third of
ficer; John T. Goldsborough, chief engi
neer; Dr. J. J. Murphy, surgeon; E. R,
Krisbie, aid, and C. F. Deiehmann, pay
master. Of these gentlemen Captain Gil
bert ?ays: "I never served with a more
courteous or more able set of men in my
life."
The coast survey steamer Patterson has
been operating between Golofnln Bay and
Port Clarence, and the chances are that
when the maps produced by the experts
on both boats are published the whole
coast line cf Alaska will be changed.
"From the time we left Puget Sound
until we got back to San Francisco I
never saw a vessel play in such luck.
"When we expected rainy weather It was
like a morning- in June; when the north
westers should have been howling it was
fair weather and a clear sky; when we
should have been in the region of fog
there was a chance to take an observation
every hour In the day. 1 guess the Presi
dent's good wishes have followed the
Bhip."
Incidentally the surveys of the Path
finder and Patterson will change all the
maps of the coast line of Alaska, The
topographical, hydrographical and trlgo
nomicai surveys of the coast from St.
Michael to Golofnln Bay show that Tol
ston Point has gone; that Unalakllk is
milts inland; that the reindeer station at
Cape Denbigh is away out at sea and that
there is no bay as shown by the present
chart; that Golofnin Bay is only one-third
tho size shown on the chart and that one
half of that one-third only carries a foot
of water; that some of the rivers are
merely sloughs, and that many of the
headlands ha\e disapptared or never ex
isted.
THE United States Coast and Geo
detic Survey steamer Pathfinder
has lest about half her crew. Un
der her old rating sh'e ranked as
belonging to the navy and every
man aboard was under naval rules and
regulations. Now all hands come under
the rules and regulations of the coast and
geodetic survey and about one-half the
crew has taken the opportunity to leave
the ship. Some four cr five of the boys
the officers would like to have kept, but
the remainder went over the side with a
thought following them that resembled
"good riddance."
Men to fill the vacancies will be secured
to-day, and inside of a week the Path
finder will be ready for sea again.
When the Pathnnder was launched, in
December, 1S9S, Secretary Gage was pres
ent and President McKinley wired him
from the White House, "Best wishes for
the Pathfinder and for a successful
launching." That telegram is now framed
and forms the only ornament in Captain
J. J. Gilbert's cabin.
"The President's grood wishes have fol
lowed the ship from the Atlantic to the
Pacific," said Captain Gilbert yesterday.
'•1 was president of the trial board and
never saw a vessel do better 'than the
Pathnnder. Captain F. W. Perkins took
her on her maiden cruise, and when he
was ordered to Manila I came across the
continent and took charge at. Seattle.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
ROTTERDAM— Sailed Oct 15-Stmr Spaarn
dam, fcr New York.
QUEENSTOWX— Sailed Oct IS— Stmr Penn
land, from Liverpool, for Philadelphia: stmr
Oceanic, from Liverpool, for New York.
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct IS— Stmr Aller.
from Bremen, etc.
Sailed Oct 1?— Stmr Bonn, for Bremen; stmr
Fuerst Bismarck, for Hamburg:, via Plymouth
and Cherbourg; stmr La Touralne. for Havre.
BOSTON — Arrived Oct 18— Stmr Saxonia, from
Liverpool.
LONDON"— Arrived Oct 18— Stmr Manltou,
from New York.
Sailed Oct IS — Stmr Menomlnee, for New
York.
MANILA— Arrived Oct IS— Stmr Fedenlca,
from San Francisco.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Oct IS — Stmr New
England, from Boston; stmr Rhynland, from
Philadelphia.
Sailfd Oct 17 — Stmr Pennland. for Philadel
phia; stmr Dominion, for Montreal; stmr.Paris
ian, from Montreal.
ANTWERP-Salled Oct 18-Stmr Switzer
land, for Philadelphia.
CHERBOURG— Sailed Oct 17— Stmr Kaiser
WUhelm der Grosse, for New York.
OCEAN STEAMERS,
PORT NATAL— Arrived Oct 18— Echr Hono
lulu, from Port Gamble.
KINSALE— Passed Oct 18— Br ship Euphro
syne, hence June 15, for Queenstown.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Oct 18— Br ship
Pinmore. from Oregon.
SWANSEA— Sailed Oct 17— Br ship Merion
eth, for Snn Francisco. .
FALMOUTH— Sailed Oct 18— Br ship Ber
wickshire, for Galway. . • ;.
SYDNEY— Arrived prior to Oct 17— Br atmr
Warrlmoo, from Vancouver.
GENOA — Sailed Oct 13 — Ger stmr Sesostrls,
for San Francisco.
NAGASAKI— Sailed Oct 16— Br ship Terrls
dale, for Port Towneend.
VICTORIA— Arrived Oct 18— Schr Carlotta G
Cox. with 611 seal skins; Allle I Alger. 835
skins; Teresa. 440 skins; Diana, 328 skins; Mary
Taylor, 300 skins; Geneva, 711 skins.
FOREIGN PORTS
COOS BAY— Arrived Oct 17— Stmr Empire,
h».ce Oct 15. <
SOUTH BEND— Sailed Oct 18— Stmr Rival.
for San Francisco.
FORT BRAGO— Arrived Oct 18— Stmr Se
quoia, from Port Los Angeles.
EUREKA— Arrived Oct IS— Bktn J L Rvls
ton. hence Oct 11.
Sailed Oct IS — Stmrs laqua and South Coast,
for San Francisco; schr Eureka, for Honolulu.
HONOLULU— Arrived Oct 2— Ship Star of
Russia, from Newcastle. Aus. Oct 3— Br bark
Adderley, from Newcastle, Aus; schr Rosa
mond, hence Sept 21: schr Luzon, from Grays
Harbor; Br bark Dominion, from Newcastle.
Aus. Oct 8— U S stmr Hancock, hence Oct 1.
Oct 9— Stmr City of Rio de Janalro, hence Oct
2; stmr City of Peking, from China. Oct 10—
Bark Fresno, from Newcastle, Aus. Oct 11 —
Br stmr Moana, hence Oct 4; schr Mary K
foster, from Port Blakeley.
Sailed Oct 8— Ship E B S.utton, for New
York. Oct 4— Bark W B Flint, for San Fran
cisco. Oct 5— Bktn W G Irwln, for San Fran
cisco. Oct 9— Ship Great Admiral, for Port
Townsend; schr A M Campbell, for Port Town
send. Oct 10 — Stmr City of Rio. for China; U
S Ktmr Hancock, sails for Manila, via Guam.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived Oct lS-8chr
Bainbrldge, from Port Townsend.
NOME— Arrived Sept 29— Stmr San Pedro,
DOMESTIC PORTS.
LOR1NG— Sailed Oct ll^Shlp Slntram. for
Eiin Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Oct 17— Schr Glendale.
from Tacoma. , • i
SEATTLE— Palled Oct 17— Stmr Humboldt
and ctmr City of Topeka, for ETtaguay: Br stmr
Carlisle City, for Manila; stmr Rainier, for
New Whatcom. -
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed In Oct IS— Schr
Balnbrldge, hence Oct 5, for Tacoma.
Arrived Oct 18— Echr Comet, from San Pedro;
schr Salvator, from San Pedro.
POINT LOBOS, Oct 18, 10 p m— Weather
thick; wind south, velocity 12 miles.
TELEGRAPHIC.
Per fichr Aloha-Oct 17, 160 miles west of San
Francisco, p*us«l two four-masted ships.
MEMORANDUM
SPOKEN.
Oct 9. lat 21 30 N. Ion 157 07 W— Bktn Quick
step, from Hilo. for Port Townsend.
Thursday, October IS.
Stmr Bureka. Jessen, Eureka.
Stmr Walla Walla, Hall, Victoria.
Stmr Coos Bay, Nopanrier, San Pedro.
Stmr Geo Loomls, Bridgett. Ventura.
Stmr Czarina, Seaman, Seattle. '¦->.¦
Stmr City of Para, Zeeder. Panama, etc.
Stmr Conemaugh, Roberts. Manila, via Hono
lulu.
Stmr Alliance, Hardwick. Portland, »etc.
Stmr Coqullte River, Thompson, Crescent
City.
Stmr Westnort, Krlcsson, .
Hark Undaunted, Davidson. Puget Sound.
Schr Rio Rey, Erlckson. Bowens Landing.
Schr Glen, Wilson, Byxbees Landing.
Schr Corinthian, Korth. Bowens Landing.
Schr Mary Ktta, Anderson, Bowens Landing.
Schr I-flttie Carson, Anderson, Grays Harbor.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, Fort Ross.
Schr Newark, Beck, Bowens Landing:.
SAILED,
CLEARED,
Thursday. October 18.
Stmr "Walla Walla. Hall, Victoria and Port
Townsend; Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Stmr City of Para, feeder. Panama; Pacific
Mail S S Co.
Stmr Kvlchak. Nelson, Karluk; Alaska Pack
ers' Association.
Ship Dirigo, Goodwin, Liverpool; G W Mc-
Near.
Ship Falls of Clyde, Matson, Hilo; J D
Srreckels & Bros Co.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, October 18.
Stmr City of Peking, Smith, 30 days from
Hongkcrg, via Yokohama 13 days, via Hono
lulu G days 12 hours.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, 19 hours from Kureka.
Stmr Corona. Gielow, 59 hours from San
DlefO and way ports.
Stmr President, Anderson, 7 days from Lor
ing.
Stmr Homer, Donaldson, 41 hours from Re
dondo.
Stmr Alcazar. Gunderson. 47 hours from San
Dleco.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 20 hours from Monterey,
etc.
U S stmr 6herman, Grant, 55 days from Ma
nila, via Nagasaki IS days.
Ur ship Crocodile, Wilson, 68 days from New
castle, Aus.
Br ship Osborne, Scott, 63 days from New
castle, Aus.
Cr ship Sprinaburn, Crosthwalte, 162 days
from Ljondon.
Bfirk St James, Tapley. 159 days from. New
York.
Br bark Inverurle, Charleston, 133 days from
Swansea.
Schr Ida McKay, Lehtola, 6% days from Eu
reka.
Schr Defender, llarsters, 17 days from Ka
hulul.
Schr Aloha, Fry, 18 days from Honolulu.
Shipping Intelligence.
Departure of the Panama Steamer.
The steamer City of Para sailed yesterday
f,or New York via Panama, with a general
cargo valued at $143,248. manifested as follows:
For New York, $79,003; for Central America,
$4S,J63; for Mexico, $16,434; for Panama. $216;
for South America, $1012. The following were
the principal shipments:
For Central America — 11 carboys acid. 8
anchorp, 412 grals 2 bbls beer, 60 reels barbed
wire, 11 bbls beef, 6.'>,C00 It>B bluestone, 15 crs
bricks, 235 bbls cement, 5 cs candles, 534 lbs
cheese, ¦ 8 bdln cordage, 432 cs coal oil, 7 pkgs
Chinese merchandise, S pkgs codfish, 8 tonj
coal, 13 cs canned goods, 66 cs dry Roods. 343
lbs dried rrult, 5 cs drugs, 25 crs furniture.
Si bxs fruit, 220 pkgs groceries and provisions",
68 cs hardware, 6 pkgs harness, 5 rolls leather,
3020 lbs lard. 30 bdls matting, 11.925 n>s malt.
14 pkg-s machinery, 13 cs mineral water, 117
rolls newspaper, 43 cs oil, IS crs onions. 9 cs
photo Roods, 945 crs potatoes, 41 cs paste, ot
cs paint, S kegs powder, 100 flasks quicksilver,
6 cs raisins, 27,100 lbs rice, 4762 lbs soda, 13
cs 8oai>. 17 bdls spices. 43,190 lt>s tailow, 6
bbls tar, 13 cs whisky, 10 reels wire, 57J6 salt
124 cs wine, 3742 bbls flour.
For Mexico — 7- cs arms and ammunition, 3
cs assay goods, 250 gals bottled beer, 660 It>»
bread, 28 cs canned goods, 20 cs coal all, 1115
!t>s dried fruit, 43 cs drugs, 10 tons coal, S6
cs dry Roods. 449 bxs fruit. 267 bbls Hour. 76
pkgrs firecrackers, 8 cs glassware, 1S7 pkgs gro
ceries and provisions, 7J9 cs hardware, 27,417
feet lumber, 2230 lbs malt, 214 pkgs machinery,
33 kegs nails, 31 crs onions, u cs paper, 10S
crs potatoes, 14 cs paste, 11 bdls pipe, 10 kegs
powder. 10 bxs raisins, 763 lbs sago. 7 bdls
spice. 14S bdle shocks, 50 cs whisky. 15 pltgs
windmills, 1922 steel rails, SO railroad splices,
23S2 gals 70 cs wine.
For Mollendo— 27 pkgs sheet iron, 11 pairs
flanges, 2 cs machinery, 1 keg rivets.
For Esmeralda— 2C0 bbls flour.
For Panama— 3400 lbs rice, 49 cs silk, valued
at $1050, In transit.
For New York— 256 bbls asphaltum, 16 bales
herbs, 2500 cs salmon, 20 bales rags, 10 bales
rubber, 61,500 Its bone black, 5024 ctls barley,
1659 sks scrap leather, 6 rolls leather. 120 bales
cattle hair, 22 bbls apricot kernels. 13 cs house
hold goods, 171.4SS grals wine.
Large Cargo for Liverpool.
The American ship Dlrlro cleared yesterday
for Ll\-erpool with a cargo o£ merchandise
valued at $403,162, Including the following:
42,026 cs canned salmon, 65.24S cs canned fruit,
50,750 lbs copper matte. lflQ cs honey, 2 cs elk
horns, 30,262 ctls wheat, 40,000 feet lumber
dunnage.
Shipping Merchants.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The J. B. Le«?dB loads lumber at Eureka for
Mazatlan.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
son, F. B. Baxton. Frank Warden, H. A. Jel
e'ers, E. Clark, W. Arnold and wife and four
children, A. H. McChesney. Mrs. Klesendahl
and two children. N. Wallstadt. W. I* Brandy.
A K. Franxa. wife and child, M. Gray. W.
D, John?on. Lee Nix, M. Fisher, B. Fort, B.
L. Schwallis, M. Welnstein. E. C. Lufkln. Jo
feph Rosenberg. W. B. Alien, C. Metzger, E.
Mttzgcr.
THE UNITED STATES COAST AND GEODETIC SURVEY STEAMER PATHFINDER AND CAPTAIN J. J. GIL
BERT. THE WORK DONE BY THIS VESSEL BETWEEN ST. MICHAEL AND GOLOFNIN BAY WILL NECES
SITATE A NEW MAP OF ALASKA.
Judge Pur.r.e was confronted with a
Valky jury yesterday. James M. Blanch
ard was placed on trial at the opening of
the morning session on a charge of em
tczz'.eisent. The evidence proved that he
had taken two gold watches, two gold
chains and two diamond lockets from W^
X. Vanderslice & Co. for the alleged pur
7>os« of exhibiting them to representa
tives cf a society which intended present
ing them to officers of the same. Instead
of this. Elanchard pawned the watches
for S05 50. -
No demand for the return of the
tvatches or their equivalent In coin was
maie by the jewelry company, but
Blanch a rd was arrested and charged with
embezzlement. Judge Dunne instructed
that as no demand for the return of the
¦watches had been made before Blanch
nrd's arrest he could not be convicted of
fmbezzlfinent. The Jury was Instructed
to acquit, but refused to obey the court.
Th» members were then ordered to retire
to further deliberate on a verdict, but re
turned into court later and announced
that it was impossible to reach a verdict.
Judpe Dunne, bcir.c unable to force the
Jury to acquit. <r r< d it discharged.
Next Saturday the ].:str:ct Attorney will
rrrvc for the dismi.-sai of the case, which
v.iii be granted.
11-c.se who served on the jury that be-
Itered that junic? should be considered
1^ fore technicalities of law are: F. S.
¦ ¦o»on, J. C. McDevUt. George Feib<=.
Herman Strasser. C. II. Brusaber, W. H.
Hci.ke. William Klessling. Thomas El
rick, Leonard Haas. J. B. Cmckett, "tt*.
"\V. Coulter ard Gustave Harshall.
Declines to Acquit James M.
Blanchard on Embezzle
ment Charge.
JURY REFUSES
TO OBEY COURT
ant is represented by Attorney A. M.
Armstrong and the case has been assign
ed to Judge Bahrs" department for ad
judication.
October passed, the plaintiff says, and
Judnich willfully neglected to marry her
an<i f&iled to divide his coir.. Hence she
asks the court to make the financial dlvl-
Fion in liquidation of one contract and
r.dd flQ.ft-iO to the same as compensation
for her loss of a husband. The complain-
On August 4 last, it is claimed by So
phie Judnich, she yielded to the earnest
solicitations of Anton of the same name
and promised to become his bride on Oc
tober 14 last. Subsequently, she alleges,
he promised to give her one-half of all
moneys he possessed In the local banks if
j=he would surely become his wife on the
day set. To this she assented, and to
show her appreciation of his jrenerositv
says she promised to marry nim even
poonor than October 14, if he said the
word.
Sophie Judnich filed suit yesterday
against Anton Judnich to recover $10,000
damages and one-half of all moneys on
deposit in defendant's name In the local
banks. Though burdened with the same
family name, plaintiff and defendant are
not related. Were they related in accord
ance with plaintiff's hopes the present
suit would never have been brought.
Sophie Judnich Sues Anton
Judnich for Breach of
Promise.
GOLD OILY WILL
HEAL THE WOUND
Surveys Made by the Pathfinder Prove That Many Landmarks Do Not
Exist and That GoloMn Bay Is Only a Third Its Supposed Area.
ALASKA'S COAST LINE IS NOT
AS PRESENT CHARTS SHOW IT
The United States transport Sherman
arrived from Manila via Nagasaki yes
t<»r«5ay afternoon and was placed in quar
antine. She brought over fifty-three cabin
passengers, 467 invalids, 1S2 discharged sol
diers. 71 prisoners and 12 Insane, besides
the remains of forty-two soldiers, and 246
packages of United States mail.
The transport Hancock, which arrived
at Honolulu on the Sth lnBt., took aboard
the remains of thirty-seven soldiers which
were disinterred. At Guam many more,
bodies will be taken on board, and at
Manila 1300 dead await transportation to
the United States on the transport.
Sergeant Adams, who returned with
Leonard, helped the officer from the field
and for several months Leonard was con
lined in the Yokohama hospital, where his
arm was amputated.
Sergeant Adams is quite as modest as
his superior officer over his gallant deed.
For a distance of 1300 yards the two were
under tierce fire.
Mrs H J- Craft, formerly Miss Helen
\Vi!de'r, came -on the Peking from Hono
lulu Mrs. Craft is reputed to be worth
more than a million. For several years
?he has been one of the agents of the
Humane Society in Honolulu, and it is
said she obtained more than 300 prosecu
tions last year.
Captain W. H. Gould also came home
mi the Peking. He left his steamer at
Honolulu and is stopping for the present
at the Russ.
TRANSPORT SHERMAN ARRIVES
Brings Home Sick and "Wounded
Soldisrs From the Philippines.
HEROES OF TIENTSIN
RETURN ON THE PEKING
Capt. Leonard Says He Did His Duty Only When
He Rescued a Comrade Under Fire.
I DID my duty— which was no' more
than any American officer would have I
done under the circumstances," paid
Captain Henry Leonard modestly,
when asked to describe his heroic res
cue of Captain Smefiley D. Butler of the
Marine Corps, who was shot In the battle
of Tientsin, July 13. Captain Leonard
end Perjreant Joseph M. Adams came in
. n the City of Peking yesterday. Both \
were In uniform, the captain's left coat j
sleeve dangling by his side. He had racri- i
f.eed that arm to save the life of bis i
brother officer.
Captain Leonard Is very young looking, i
indeed. He Is one of the youngest officers :
Th« marines got into Tientsin just in time ;
The Marines got Into Tientsin Just in time :
to catch the most terrific part of the fig.ht- j
:-.g. In the face of a galling fire Leonard
pushed hi» way to the front to rescue Cap- '
•tin Butler, who had been wounded while '.
rescuing a fellow comrade struck by a
bullet.
Butler vr&a found bine helpless on the
river bank. The bullets were flying about
him as thick as bees. Leonard faced the
: creaming missiles, lifted the prostrate
officer and plunged Into the river with his
burden. He was at once a target for the
f.enfllsh Boxers, but his swift, powerful
stroke* soon brought him beyond range
and he landed Butler safe within the
allies' lines.
Leonard then proceeded to Join his com
pany, which had been sent to reinforce the
Ninth Regiment. On his way and at
nbout the same time that Colonel Llscum
fell a Mannllcher bullet pierced his left
arm, chattering the bone.
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton. . 3
WAR GEOGRAPHY OF EUROPE,
L |
It 15 the design of this seri.s of arUclc, |
to show how wars have changed the pollt- ,
ical geography of Europe in the last T*> ,
years and to indicate the bearing of these !
changes on political and commercial pro.- j
ress> • :
For a century after the beginning ot in'- :
Protestant reformation religious interests !
prbvoked wars and their results appear ¦
in the extension of Protestamism oMn the ?
recovery of Catholicism- These contorts
reached their climax In the gr^at struggle
ln Germany, which lasted a generation,
the thirty years' war. 1S1S-43. During its
progress, however commercial moti^
displaced the religious and its end saw
the disappearance of religion as a <JomI-
nant factor In International politics. The
general settlement which established the
results of this tremendous contlict con-
structed In ihe main the ideographical
frame-work of Europe as It was to last
until the Napoleonic crash, and, after re-
pairs, even two generations later. -
P TurW our eyes to the Europe oflTOO
the conspicuous differences between It and
the Europe of our own time are the ob-
sence of Russia ?_s a factor ln_politics, the
pubdivision of Germany and Italy into
petty states, so that they-cannot count
as forces, a.nd the pre-eminence of France,
On the other hand, it Is the displacement
of France from, this unquestioned supe-
to the Klnp of Spain, and Naples In par
£««« «. ™™£%^^?£, 5
considerable block of Central Italy con
stltuted the States of the Church, which
the Pope ruled directly or through vas-
MgjgAg-jjj r^publ^s^of Geno^and
that followed the discovery of the ocean
route to the East Indies and displaced
them as> the commercial centers of Orien
tal trade. North w.d west of the States
SSSS^^SSi&SSS^tSS^
northwest the gerin of tne present king
,i Om of Italy, the duchy of Savoy, in poli
t!cs a pendant of France,
Of this period of disintegration and
%^*^*;%^^^*P cjS*Z*
are to-day interesting relics,
Besides the Italian possessions Just
mentioned, Spain held the Southern Neth
erland3. present Belgium, a region cov
•t^^^^^^U^y^
ot thc early eighteenth century, Spanish
America. Spain herself was iri a decline
and able only to exploit but not to de
vejop her possessions, which more and
nei r grew more and more certain,
The territorial aspects of France re
quire no comment, as they were nearly
enough what they are to-dav. Louis XIV.
the great monarch par excellence of Eu
s rqpe, had his eyes on the Spanish Neth
erland3, the border states of the empire
and the Spanish commerce with America.
EUROPE TWO CENTURIES AGO.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
THE SAN FRA1S CISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 19, 1900.
9
Steamer.
Destination. I
Sails.
I Pier.
Lakme Humboldt Oct. 19, 5 pmlPler 2
Arcata ...... Coos Bay Oct. 19, 12 m Pier 19
\V. Kruger. Grays Harbor Oct. 19, 7 pm Pier 2
North Fork Humboldt Oct. 19, 9 am Pier 2
Pomona ... Humboldt Oct. 20, 2 pm Pier 9
State Cal.. Portland Oct. 20, 11 am Pier H
Corona .... San Diego Oct. 20, 11 am Pier 11
Bonlta Newport Oct. 22, 9 am Pier 11
Umatllla .. Victoria....... Oct. 23, 11 am Pier 9
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Oct. 23. 2 pm Pier 2
Eureka Humboldt Oct. 23, 10 am Pier 13
Santa RosalSan Dleijo Oct. 24, 11 am Pier 11
Columbia ..Portland Oct. 25. 11 am Pier 2»
Coos Bay...|Newport Oct. 28, 9 am Pier 11
Steamer.
I
From.
I Due.
Del Norte Portland Oct. 19
Rival Wlllapa Oct. 19
W. H. Kruger.. San Pedro Oct. 19
Umatllla Victoria Oct. 19
Alameda Australia Oct. 19
Peru New York Oct. 20
Bonita Newport Oct» 20
Empire Coos Bay Oct. 21
Eureka Humboldt Oct. 21
Crescent City:.. Crescent City Oct. 22
Columbia Portland,. Oct. 22
Santa Rosa San Diego Oct. 23
Cleone Tillamook Oct. 22
Tomona Humboldt Oct. 23
Matteawan Tacoma...'. Oct. 24
Coos Bay ,.. Newport... Oct. 24
Arcata Coos Bay Oct. 24
City of Puebla.. Victoria Oct. 24
North Fork .... Humboldt Oct. 23
Point Arena ... Point Arena Oct. 2J
Corona |San Dtegro Oct. 26
O Time Time Time Time
P Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
ff. L. W ' H W L W v H W
19 ...I 2:1« 1.4 8:56 6.2 3:08 1.6 9:16 iTfi
20 ... 2:53 1.6 9:29 6.4 3:45 1.2 10:05 4.6
21... 3:25 1.8 9:57 6.5 4:13 0.8 10:60 4.8
22 ... 3:55 2.1 10:25 6.5 4:43 0.4 11:35 4.5
23 .. 4:26 2.4 10:50 5.5 6:20 0.2....
H W L W H W LW|
24 ... 0:17 4.5 4:58 2.6 11:15 5.6 5:55| 0.0
25... 1:02 4j» 5:31 2.8 11:40 5.6 6:33|— 0.1
O Time Time Time Time
P Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
ff. L. W ' H W L W v H W
19 ...I 2:1« 1.4 8:56 6.2 3:08 1.6 9:16 iTfi
20 ... 2:53 1.6 9:29 6.4 3:45 1.2 10:05 4.6
21... 3:25 1.8 9:57 6.5 4:13 0.8 10:60 4.8
22 ... 3:55 2.1 10:25 6.5 4:43 0.4 11:35 4.5
23 .. 4:26 2.4 10:50 5.5 6:20 0.2....
H W L W H W LW|
24 ... 0:17 4.5 4:58 2.6 11:15 5.6 5:55| 0.0
25... 1:02 4j» 5:31 2.8 11:40 5.6 6:33|— 0.1
Steamer.
Destination. I
Sails.
I Pier.
Lakme Humboldt Oct. 19, 5 pmlPler 2
Arcata ...... Coos Bay Oct. 19, 12 m Pier 19
\V. Kruger. Grays Harbor Oct. 19, 7 pm Pier 2
North Fork Humboldt Oct. 19, 9 am Pier 2
Pomona ... Humboldt Oct. 20, 2 pm Pier 9
State Cal.. Portland Oct. 20, 11 am Pier H
Corona .... San Diego Oct. 20, 11 am Pier 11
Bonlta Newport Oct. 22, 9 am Pier 11
Umatllla .. Victoria....... Oct. 23, 11 am Pier 9
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Oct. 23. 2 pm Pier 2
Eureka Humboldt Oct. 23, 10 am Pier 13
Santa RosalSan Dleijo Oct. 24, 11 am Pier 11
Columbia ..Portland Oct. 25. 11 am Pier 2»
Coos Bay...|Newport Oct. 28, 9 am Pier 11
Steamer.
I
From.
I Due.
Del Norte Portland Oct. 19
Rival Wlllapa Oct. 19
W. H. Kruger.. San Pedro Oct. 19
Umatllla Victoria Oct. 19
Alameda Australia Oct. 19
Peru New York Oct. 20
Bonita Newport Oct» 20
Empire Coos Bay Oct. 21
Eureka Humboldt Oct. 21
Crescent City:.. Crescent City Oct. 22
Columbia Portland,. Oct. 22
Santa Rosa San Diego Oct. 23
Cleone Tillamook Oct. 22
Tomona Humboldt Oct. 23
Matteawan Tacoma...'. Oct. 24
Coos Bay ,.. Newport... Oct. 24
Arcata Coos Bay Oct. 24
City of Puebla.. Victoria Oct. 24
North Fork .... Humboldt Oct. 23
Point Arena ... Point Arena Oct. 2J
Corona |San Dtegro Oct. 26
Do not understand that the ffarav?-
v.'.par, of which Grape-Nuts is made.
ha? been produced in the human bodv.
But this grape-suKar ;« made by much
the same process as the bodv emplovs.
This grap^sufjar is produced by nat-
ural treatment of grains without any
foreign substance whatever. The re-
sult is perhaps the most hiehly nutri-
tious food ever produced.
Grocers keep Grape- Nuts
A New and Highly Nutritious Food.
The odd-sounding name is used to
designate a peculiar food, made not ex-
actly in the shape of nuts, but having a
pleasant, rutty Savor and crisp brittle-
ness thnt makes them a charming fa-
vorite 'vith thc palate.
Of yet more value than the taste is
the food value of Grape-Nuts. They
are largely composed of Grape-Sugar
(your dictionary can tell you about
that), and those who u*e them will find
the morning meal has not only been
pleasant, but . has been auicklv and
easily digested: for crape-suerar is an
r.rticie produced in the human bodv nt
one sta^e of thc digestion of food, and
is at once ready for transformation into
pood healthy blood and nourishment.
GRAPE-NUTS.
GRAPE-NUTS.
Have you ever been baked •
alive? It i* now being done ',
right here In San Francisco •
and with much more beneficial [
results than the methods pur- •
sued in the cannibal islands. [
Hext Sunday's Call will en- •
lighten you on the subject.
WHIIH ASH STEAM COAL, ?&*&&
DIAMOND COAL- MINING CO.. a» its OREE.V
RIVER COLLIERIES, is the Best Coal la U*
carkct. CKflca a-i Xaiii— li3 MaU *irt«s.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
TeI cS3e p s h10 -PARTRIDGE E6^r !a
23 First St.. Saa Francisco.
PRINTERS. BOOK BINDERS.
THE HICKS-JUDD CO..
PRINTING.
l- C- HL QliESi 5U Sansome st.. S. F.
PAINTS.
CyllniJer A Lubricating Oils. Schneider's Mlaln*
•Candles, a G. CLINCH & CO.. 9 Front, a F.
OILS.
I.UBRICATIXO OILS. LEONARD A ELLJ3,
413 Front it., S. F. Phono Main 17».
; . METAL.
Extra llnotyps *nd stereotype metal. Paclfla
Metal Works. 137-9 First st.. San Francisco.
OALVANIZINQ AND METALS.
iff*. & Dealer to Metals & Galvanizing. JOHN
FINN METAL. WORKS. 313 Howard «t.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
11^ RfVYF? & fft Phlppinr Butchers. 1M
JA3- OUICOdCU- clay. TeL Main 1294.
Electrical Engineer. 38 East st.
ELECTRICAL.
D. D. WASS.
COPPERSMITH.
CW CM1TH ptlI P Plumbing-. Steamboat and
• n« dJlllUt Shly Work a specialty. W and
IS Washlnston st. Telephone Main 56U.
COAL. COKE A.ND PIO IRON.
I f WII !k ffi 9eo Battery Street
J-t- njLOUnaWU-. Telephone Main ISM.
F. H. MERZBACH. lawyer. SC3 Cal.. CToal* bd.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
ATTORNEY.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.Condition of the Treasury.
NEW YORK. Oct. 18.-Money on call, firm,
at 3©-4 per cent; last loan, 3. Prime mercantile
paper, 5@6 per cent. Sterling exchange, strong,
?^!?.5 cluaI buslnes » In bankers 1 bills at U 84^4
©4S4H for demand and at $4 S1U@4 81% for
sixty days; pbsted rates. $4 82@4 82% and *4 85V4-
M^V n r! rClal r, b ' 119 - f 4 mJ > & * 81 " Sllv " certificates.'
J?u? n Bar Bllv - er ' 63%c; Mexican dollars
~£fc <, ernm< L nt bond8> Btron &; State bonds,
weak; railroad bonds, irregular.
New York Money Market.
LONDON, Oct. 18.— Atchlson, 29%; Canadian
Paciflc, SH%; Union Pacific preferred. 77%;
Northern Pacific preferred. 73; Grand Trunk.
t%; Anaconda, 9^. Bar silver flrm, 29 5-16d per
ounce. Money, 1H per cent.
CLOSING.
bank s price is three farthings higher than that
In the open market, which Is 77s ll>4d.
Money rates were unchanged in the absence
of a rise In the bank rate. \
The East is buying silver. It is rumored
that the Russo-Chinese Bank Is the purchaser.
Neiu York Grain and Produce.
LOCAL MARKETS.-
EASTERN MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Dec. Feb.
Opening ...: 6 1 6 2%
Closing 6 0% 6 1%
PARIS.
Wheat— Oct. Jan.-Aprll.
Opening 19 90 2125
Closing 19 90 2120
Flour—
Opening 2 5 35 S7 05
Closing 25 35 27 00
New York Cotton Market.
NEW TORK, Oct. 18.— The cotton market
opened steady with prices 5@8 points higher.
Befcre the close of the first hour there was
a marked change for the woree and prices de
clined IE points under a rush to sell by nearly
every branch of the trade. Before midday
the market once more became flrm and ad
vanced quite rapidly on a renewal of early
covering and fresh buying for outside accounts
Just before the close a spurt of local selling
carried the market down several points - The
market closed barely steady at a net lews of
3©11 points, the latter on October only
New York Metal Market.
NEW TORK. Oct. 18.-A further decline In
tin at London, making a total loss of £3 in two
days, served to create a very weak undertone
here and a drop of 50 points was apparent »i
the close, with sellers at $26 60 for spot Connor
also experienced a net decline 'in London of
12s Id. but the local situation waa Inot mate
rallly changed, closing dull at »1« 85ffl7 Lead
and spelter ruled dull at $4 87H and $4 10©4 15
respectively and pitiron warrants were exl
tremely dull. " .
The brokers' price for lead was S4 and for
copper 116 87%. '/i-i^li
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, Oct. 18.-CATTLE-Receipts, 570O,
including 1000 Texans and 600 Wepterhs. Native
Bteara. ateadv to xhaJa higher: "Westerns,
Henry L. Oimmel to Julius C. Gimmel un
divided two-eighths interest in the following"
I^ot on N line of TelegTaph place, 206:3 E of
Pupont street and 91:6 N of Greenwich. v°
17:2'i by N 48. subdivision 5 of 60-vara lot 5C3
as per map In 336 D. 334; also undivided two
eighths of one-nfteenth of lot 9, said map (\e
corner of Telegraph place and- Greenwich
street. N 70 by K 17:2%): »1O.
Catherine Hayes to Mary Bering (wife nt
James), lot on N line of Filbert strWt 240-vf
W of &earny. W 17:2% by X 137:6;^lft *
Anna M. Llese to Arthur H. and tin* t
Llese. lot on E line of Dupont street 5>« a
of Pacific. S 20 by E M; gift. X> 57 * 6 S
Dennis Mahoneyet al. to George M w«t
cott. lot on N line of Clan' street 300 <?\v Z.~r
Kltch. S\V 23 by NW 75; J325. ' *" 5;V of
Solomon A. Kusel to American Suretv r^^_
pany of N'ew York, lot on SE line of ShT^.Tj
street. 475 S\V of Fifth. S%V S by SE "S- l?n 6y
K. W. Scott to H. H. and Annie DaiUv^lnf
on W line of Rhode Island street. R-g \ '°J
Twentieth (Xapa). N' 27:6 by W loo- M^ of
n. W. and Mary E. TanslU to John M^
Laren. lot on S line of C street. 326 W of
tetnth avenue, W SO by S 100; »ia
George F. Lyon to C. H. Schussler lot on 17
UyVi^ii? avenue - 10 ° » ot K ««R °^;|
A^ir^atrTcrtt^ 'I %™? %fim
avenue. 175 S of K street, S 23 by E l»- ivi 1
C. W. Miller to Kate McGorray lot 1 'w^A
1202. Felton Tract, quitclaim S $10 *' blOci
BeS8 ie E. Warder to Mrs. l&^w«te.
KEAL ESTATE TRANSACTION'S.
Alfred Jaggl to Edith H. Ja*pl. lot on M lln*
of CFarreU street, 517:8 W of Steiner W *>
by N 82:6; rift. ' ** H
John D. Thompson (by Alexander Boyd and
Edwin B. Mastlck. trustees) to Board of Home
Missions of Presbyterian Church In United
States and Board of Foreign Missions of Pres
byterian Church, lot on N line of Sutter street
95:6 W of Montgomery: also IS W of HUireri
place, W 22. N 6f>:9. E 40, S 6:9, W 18. S 82-
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market wai firm; creamers', lSg^lHc; dairy 13
ftjisc Cheese, firm, 10U@H%c Eggs, steady;
fresh, 17&C.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 21.000 19,000
Wheat, bushels 115.000 484.000
Corn, bushels 2SS.CW 3<;6.0C0
Oats, bushels 203.000 29S.0C0
Uye. bushels 8,000 -5,000
Barley, bushels 55,000 22.0C0
NEW TORK STOCK LIST
Shares • ,-,_,„
Sold. fitoclus— i»J, nK
: U0B Atctlron JJ! 2:
VKwtU Atfhison prefd """ nu.
Jt.710 Ualtlmore &¦ Ohio 'A&
Canadian aclflc i-s?
4.2T0 I'anada Southern ?£?
• t 3W <hei.ajrf.ake & Ohio '.'.'.'.'.'.'" 23%
••00 Chicago «reat We«ern ".' u
l.XMi Chicago Hurllngton & Qulney.. "u«s^
Chicago Ind & Louisville " 20%
CMcairo Ind & Lnuisville prefd " JS
<-hi(apo & Eastern Illinois ' 5514
Ot Chicago & Northwestern 163
2.O7J <"hicago Uock Island & Pacific. iO7ii
l,<x* C C «: fc-Kt Ix>ul« I] €3
Southern 514
Colorado Southern 1st prefd 3514
100 Colorado Southern Id prefd 15
Delaware & Hudson \ , H2W
f.JO l>c!fcware Lack & Western 17S
J.75O Denver & Itio Grande 10
210 Denver & IUo Grande prefd 6S%
Erie 1H 4
, Krie l*t prefd Sly
X30 Great Northern prefd. ex dlv.. 155
NEW* TOR1C. Oct. IS.— The movement of
pncee of stocks became exceedingly varied and
Irregular to-day under the conflicting specula
tive forces. These forces were largely pro
fessional traders ir. stocks and they conducted
ttoelr cj>eratioris with a free hani and on a
lerce scale. So far as the surface of events
showed, a large and Influential bear party In
aururate<i a campaign for a decline to-day.
There was cj*n Felline by an interest which
ha« long persisted on the long side of the mar
ket and on whose arcount there was large
tilling to-day, cot only In the stocks In which
there had been open buying for some time past,
but In other stocks all around the room. On
the ether han<5 there was resistance offered to
the decline by the ma.r.ipuliiti'jn of various spe
cla.1 etocks with results In sharp advanw." How
far those latt< r movements resulted from a de
eire to sustain the market for the purpose of
realizing en cth*r Ftooks could only be kut
inlsed. In Union Pacific the selling to realize
wae en an enormous erale. blocks of a thou
sand shares and upward coming out frequently.
Considering the volume of dealings the nar
row movement of the price is a pretty g'>od
Indication of a continued buying demand. The
Flecks extreme ranfi» was 8 «. which mensured
the decline, and in the late rally there was
a full recovery. The victims of the late pres
sure were the objects of the bulls' buying.
At<-h!son preferred and Louisville were con
epicu.ms in this category. During the early
hours of the day the acgrtesivneas wae suc
ceeded by periods of dullness until the develop
ment of special strength at some points made
the tone firmer throuchout. Th<» first notable
rally was In the iron and fteel stocks, which
were suddenly advanced all arnund by rapid
Fteps from 1 to 2%. Prices of the group then
fill back, but joints of Ftrenrth developed
elsewhere. The movement In New York Central
and in stocks cf allied comijanles. which are
ex;>ected to come Into closer relation was a
nctable one. There were substantial gains In
all of ill* New York. Chicago and St Louis
Ftocka, the first selling up six points on a
single sale and closing Hght point* higher bid
The Uke Erie and Western stocks and Canada
Southern RIM from 1 to 3 point*. Chicago and
N./rthwe*tern and Denver and RJo Oran'de
Ftccks uni a few less conspicuous railroad
«r.ck* also came into the lfct* movement which
thread throughout the list. Sugar ralllert
Stiaiplr m jK)lnts and the closing was flrm and
with recoveries. The market was strictly pro
fessional throurhout and the news of trie da v
ha.i rtt'.e laCoeBCC on prices. Gay
It U not exacted that any further gold will
tlk.rs raWn *° * N>W Y ° rk Under vn *™ 1 condl-
Tl.e bend market continued Jrre-ular on a
U ir volume of butir.ets. Total sale«7 par value.
thV*Urt fan 1 *" 8 MVr ' *' a<lvance(1 l^ Pfr cent In
NrcV York Stock Market.
VEOETAnLEP— Green Peas. 20>4c per lh-
String Beans, 2@2Hc: Llmas. 2<g>3c per lb: Cab
bage. $1; Tomatoes, Bay. 30@75c; Egg Plant,
23<S50c per box; 'Green Okra, 40@50c; Green
Peppers, , s5^50c per box for Chill and 4(xg50o
for Bell: Pried Pepoers. 10®15o: Carrots. 25(&iJ5c
xer sack: Summer Squash, 60<jJ>85c for Alameda;
POTATOES— Burbanks, S0@60o for Rivers and
S5cS« $1 10 per ctl for Salinas and 65@>90c for
Oregon: Sweets, 50@75c for Rivers and $1 for
Merced. • • - :».--¦¦
ONIONS— 60@70c per ctl; Pickle Onions, 35©
60c. . .
, Sweet Potatoes are lower, a ear of Merceds
Rolling: at • $1. There is ' no particular change
In Potatoes and , Onions.
BEANS- Bay OS. $2®2 10: Small White, $3 50®
i M V irY^. Whlte - *2 40®2 50; Pink. $190@2;
5^-, $2 r, 60 ® 3: Blackeye, ¦»2 60®2 76; Lima, $5 20
@a30; Pea. S3 85® 4; Red Kidneys, $2 76@3
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, 4c: Yellow Mustard
o: ,.F la T > * 22 i®2*0: Canary, 3Hc per lb for
California ' and 4c for Eastern; Alfalfa, nom
inal; Rape, 2H@3c; Hemp, 4@4Hc; Timothy
4©4V4c.
DRIED PEAS-Nlle». »1 50@2; Green. $180®
2 20 per ctl; Blackeye. $1 6Q@1 75.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Beans and Seeds.
Prices for Beans are more settled, and a fair
trade Is reported. *
xi.*J A T~y? 1 « nteer> Vo @ S - Whe »t. $U®13 60;
JJJ5? at »^ nd , Oatl * 10 ®12 50; Oat. $301150; Clover
1^!? M ® S M: Barley. $7®9 per ton:
STRAW — 35@4!>c per bale.
FEEDSTUFFS - Rolled Barley, $15@16 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $25@26; jobbing
$26 50; Cocoanut Cake, J17@18; Corn Meal, »26<g>
27; 6 Cr.acced Corn, $26 50027 50; Mixed Feed. $15
MIDDLINOS-JU021 per ton
Hay continues very firm, but quotations show
no advance. Feedstuffs also remain the same
BRAN— »16®17 5(1 per ton.
Hay and Fecdstuffs.
MILLSTUFFS-Prlces In sacks ore as fel
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, ?S per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, J2 75; Rye
Meal. 12 SC; Rice Flour, 17; Corn Meal, $2 75;
extra cream do. $3 r,0; Oat Groats, 14 50; Hom
ing. $3 6O«3 75; Uuckwheat Flour. »4@4 25;
Cracked Wheat. J3 60; Farina. $4 CO; Whole
} v heat Flour. J3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), »6@
< 25; lr, sacks. J5 75^; Pearl Iterley. »5; Split
Peas. |5; Gr%en Peas, $5 RO per 100 lbs.
FLOUR-Callfornla Family Extras. 13 «0®
3 75; usual terms; Uakers' Extras, $3 49®3 50;
Oregon and WashinRton. J2 75®3 10 per bbl for
family and ?3 15(^3 60 for bakers'; Eastern,
J4 754/5 75 per bbl.
Flour and Millstuffs.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December—
20C0 ctls, 70%c.
Second Session — No rales.
Regular Morning SuS3lon — December — 2000 ctls
70*ic.
Afternoon Session— May— 2000 ctls, 72»ic. De
cember— 2MW. 70"4c; 2000, 71c.
OATS— Dealers continue to rer>ort a firm but
unchariKed market.
White. Jliavtw; Surprise, U 45(&1 55; Red,
II 1S«71 23 for feed and H 2Z<81 40 for seed; Gray.
Jl 2:>1M J, r >: Week, for feed. 11 10(81 17^; for
t pr.A »1 2?"./Tf1 JJK, ,,^ r ct J_
CORN— OfTerinrcs " are extremely limited.
Eastern yellow and white, are quoted at 11 22Vi
©1 2.'. and Kastern mixed at $1 22',i per ctl.
RYE— 90c per ctl.
HUCKWHrfAT-Xomlna:.
CALT. PO \RO SALKP,
ret-d. 7U;fi72Uc for choice bright. 6S*;<?7Oc
for N". 1 -""1 «2>i«»;7'io . for "" trrad"«: l'.r»w
ing ond Shipping grades. 73gi0c; Chevalier
!!• iniliHl.
Informal Sewlnn— 9:18 o'clock— D^cprnh*"-—
8000 ctls, 97%c: COJO, 97Uc May— 8100 $1 C4U
4000. $1 OJVi: 20.000. $1 04; 40")}. $1 03%.
Second Session — December — S-'HW ctls ''T'ic
40u), 97c. May — J00O, |1 «4; 4000, »1 03%; 4000*
II 03%'
Regular Morning 1 Se»5lon— Dccrmbrr— 4000 ctl«
97He. May— 4000. tl 03'^; 2000. Jl 04.
Afternoon Session— May — S0O3 ctls, $1 04- De
cember — jfiOO. 97>-»c; 10,000, 07c.
BARLEY- The market continues dull and
nominal.
CALL HOARD SALES
Liverpool futures were higher and Paris fu
tures lower. New York declined lc. Chicago
tended dewnward on lower cables and sold free
ly.
This market was dull, with lower futures.
S]KH Wheat— HhippitiK. "JiiVi if.t/^c; Milling
$1*} 1 C2'/i per ctl. .
WHEAT— The markets ajl over the world
werr ar.athetlc and featureless.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, CO days — |4 gjii
SterlinK Exchanse, slKht — 4 &5'
Sterllne CaM's — 4
Now York Exchange, sight — 10
New Torjt Exchange, telegraphic — J2t^
Fine Silver, per ounce — 63't
Mexican Dollars, nurninal iu^ <fi „/
Exchange and Bullion.
Cash quotations vere as follows: flour, dull
and easy; No. 2 spring wheat. 6S?i73?ic; No. 2
red, 74'itc; No. 2 corn, 40Vii941c; No. 2 yellow,
40H^40^,c; No. 2 white cats, 24i?i24*ic; No. 3
whlto, S3>4G24Vic; Rood feeding bailoy, 45c; fair
to choice m.iltinK. f>3if;^7c; No. 1 flax seed. Jl 80;
No. 1 Northwestern. $1 Kl«jl S1H; prime timothy
fef*l. $4Ui^i4 15: mess poik. per bb!, nominal;
lard, per ICO lbs, Jfl 77'.-tQ6 82H; short-rib sides
(loose), $6 40tJ6 75: dry salted xhoulders (boxed),
CViiffC^c; short clear sides (boxed), I6S7&Q7;
whisky, basis of high wines, ?1 27; clover, con
truot yrade, 510 25.
M(ss Pork. r>er bbl—
November 1<> 75 10 95 10 75 10 95
January 11 17V£ 1122% 1110 11 22V4
Lard, :>er ICO lbs —
October 6 7714 6 R2'/i 6 77Vi C S2'i
November fi 72^ 6 80 6 70 6 80
January 6 52Vi 6 5"Vi 6 50 6 io
Shcrt Ribs, per 1C0 lbs—
October 6 50 6 50 6 25 6 50
November 6 05 6 10 6 00 6 10
January 5 S7 1 ,! 5 92>j 5 S7»£ 6 92H
Articles— Open. Ilish. Low. Close.
W heat No. 2—
October 7* 73H 72)4 73'i
November ~Z*i 74 73>i 73H
December '*% 74»» 73 7 « 74»i
Corn No. 2—
October 40% 40"fe 39% 39»;
November 37*4 37^i 3"H 37^
December 3o',g 35>t 25 35'i
May 36>4 36',* 35% 36'»
Oats No. 2—
October 257fc 21H 21>4 21%
November 214 21^ 21% 21'. j
December 21% 22 21\ 21%
CHICAGO. Oct. IS.— A decline of **c In Liv
erpool, combined with good weather and bet
ter prospects; in the Argentine, .influenced
heavy liquidation in. wheat during the better
par: pf the day. December opened lifcHc lower
at ~i\ to 74ViC. and declined to-T3T»c. At the
there was pome export buying and December
wluat reacted to 74^c, closing *»@*4c lower at
74U'9T4 : H»c.
Corn was cjulet and uteady. December closed
He lower at S3*4c
Oats were steady in view of the v/heat break.
December closed a chade duwn at 21T«c.
Provisions were fairly active. The market
opened lower under the Influence of hog re
cell is iWKi head over the estimates, and as
packers v ere sellinK early the tone for some
tlni- was easy. Later buying, particularly of
lard by early sellers, caused a recoverv of
nearly all the early dip. January pork closed
a shade down, lard 24c lower and ribs ic de
pressed.
The leadlnR futures ranged as follows:
Chicago Grain Market.
. DRIED FRUIT.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Offerings in evap
orated ajipiw continue light and the market
bought at fully sustained prices. Common
Mate vyere quoted at 4 1 5 - 5c; prime, 4"iigo l ic;
choice, 5H66c: fancy, 6{j6Vsc.
California dried fruits were inaotlve.
l'Kl'XES- 3'j(&7Vic per J>ound, as to size and
quality.
A PHI COTS— Royal. 111714c: Moorpark 15@16c
- PEACH ES-^Peeled, l«'520c; unpeeled, Cg9c.
jJLJ™ Y0RK - 6ct - 18—FLOUR-Recelpts.
-47, u o5 barrels; exports, 62S2 barrels; sales 4700
packages. Weak and lO@15c lower, without
attracting buyers, who held off for further de
clines In wheat. Winter straits, $3 43@3 60;
Minnesota patents, $4 1O@4 40.
WHEAT— Receipts. 126,250 bushels; exports.
96.5S2 bushels; sales. 3.906,000 bushels, 240,000
spot. Spot-Weak; Xo. 2 red, TSftc f. 0 . b.
afloat and "6%c elevator; No. 1 Northern Du
luth, $4»fcc f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Duluth.
SC»!,r; f. o. b. afloat. Options experienced a day
of heaviness under disappointing cables, fine
weather, bearish Argentine crop news again,
small exjwrt demand and lack of outside sup
port. The only demand came from scattered
X, ° rt l- ei2S5*i? weak nt net decline.
Jf-y^fe S24< , S2 S-16c - cl^sed S2*ic; May. S2 3-16<tf
S2 U-16C. closed E2"ic; October, 77077 3-16c.
closed ,,c; December. 78 11-16Q73 3-16c, closed
' HOPS-Qulet.
HIDES— Dull.
WOOL— Quiet.
COFFEE— Spot— Rio. dull: mild, quiet. Fu
tures—Closed steady with prices unchanged to
u points lower. Total sales. 22,000 bags, includ
ing^ October, $7: November, $7 05; December.
». lo; January, 17 20; March, J7 30; May, J7 40;
July. $7 50.
SCGAR— Raw. steady; fair refining. 4>ic: cen
trifugal, St> test, i\c; molasses sugar, 4c; re
llnt-d, quiet.
IH.T11:R— Rpceipts, 3359 packages; stronger.
Creamery. l(J<ji 22c ; June creamery, lSQ'21c; fac
tor>-, 13$il6c.
KOGS— Iteceipts. 44.14 packages: firm. West
ern regular packing, at mark, 16<jjl9c; Western.
loss off, 21c.
Generally cloudy and thr^iter.inc weather
prevails over the Pacific slope- Light ratn has
is'.ha from Central California northward
tfcreutrh Oregon an1 Wafhinston ar.d ext*niitnsr
e&attnrd into wvs-ttrn porUom of Nevada and
Idaho.
The rr^ sif:ure raF risen along the Pacific
Cratt during the <iay. bat has commenced to
lall again during the last two hours. The
vim!* have remained south and fast, which
w.uM Indicate ihat at least a portion of the
ttonu remainf off the r.orthw**t coast.
The temix-rature has risen along the imme
diate coasi ar.J la'.lfn o\«?r ihe interior.
Conditions are favoraMc for continued show
ers lr. California to-r.ieht and Friday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for th'.rty
hours »-n<iing midnipht. October 1*. 2*00:
Northern California— 6now«m Friday; fresh
F.-.utherlv wind.
Southern California— Cloudy Friday, prob
ably with showers; fresh west wind,
Nevada— Shower? Friday.
rtah— Showers Friday.
Arizona — dotrfy. probably with showers In
north portion Friday.
Sen Francisco and vicinity— Showers Friday;
fre«h southerly wir.d. G. II. WILLSOX.
Local Forecast Official.
FuRKCAST.
SAN FRANCISCO. Oct. IS— a p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from nations !n California to-day:
Eurfka 06 Los Ancles 72
Mount Tamalpais... ">2 Sacramento 6*
Independence TS Fan Luis Obispo "!
Red Hluff E2 San Diego 64
Frefno !>4
£ao Francis-co <Iata : Maximum temperature.
61: minimum. r»2; mean, SS.
TXEATHKR CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
rj20th ilfriilian— Pacif.c Time.)
]V cat her Report.
Mail reports from New York say: "Renewal
of expectation of an advance on California
raisins almost immediately was the feature of
Interest amr.ng the trade yesterday. Coast ad
vice* to several houses stated that prices on
etanSard loose would be higher on Monday.
While there are Ftlll some who are not dia
poeed 10 believe that any advance Is likely
right away, it is certain that more credence
ie placed In this latest report than in any of
the former advices of similar nature. Some of
the moft conservative dealers now rather ex
pect an advance within a few days. The raisin
tStuaUon certainly is exceedingly strong. *ven
on layers and clusters, and some packers are
not confirming orders on the latter gocxis. Spoi
loose and serd^d raisins are in fair demand.
"More activity is note>l in currants. Job
bing demand is improving, both for new and
old currants and cleaned, yaite a fair trad?
It reported. Hale of ;•<> ease* old currants
was hrard of at li'^c. and the sale was re
ported also of a round lot of cleaned, in 1-lb
packages, at |3*«c.
"Prunes, apricots, *-tc, are l«>inc takvn slow
ly. Tbere is Fome little inquiry for California
j«H?led peaches, but un;»-el«>.i ai«- not wanted.
I'uture aj'i'l*** are unchanged ami quiet. Spot
prime allies are Jn fair r«?<iu€!=t. Nuts artr
generally <4Uiet, thouph wmt interest is sbowu
in filberts, brazils and almonds."
Dried Fruit in Nczv York.
first nine months of the year amounted 'to
£17.600 bbls. against 750.400 bbl« during the
eame time last year. Reducing this flour to a
wheat has'it end aiding it to the exported
wheat gives total wheat exports for the nine
month* of S.i:i',230 ctls valued at $«. 429.200.
«*:ain5t UI4.4M ctl» at J4.S3i..J»0 <3arlnjr the
mlzb* time last year.
Exports cf flour from this port during the
Flour and Wheat Exports.
NEW YORK. Oct. 18.— The Commercial Ad
\-erti»er's London financial cablegram says: The
markets here were depressed .to-day on foolish
talk of European intervention In the Transvaal
on President Kruger's arrival. London took
profits In Americans moderately. New Tone
sent considerable celling orders early but in
the afternoon the market rallied. New York
opening better than was expected here. Paris
!u B^V. »? 111 , n K Spanish bonds, and Tintoa on
V.*, J?-" °\?. Bhlllln «8 in metal. The bank lost
£21,000 gold in bars and £90,000 In French coin
The latter was taken at a small loss.
The purchase of bara was a surprise, as the
Loiuion Market.
\ Hocking Coal 14H
LOW Hocking Valley 35U
3.620 Illinois Central US
200 Iowa Central 16%
Iowa Central prefd 41
I 4.170 Lake Erie & Western 36^
I 1,545 Lake Krie & Western prefd 1G1
Lake Shore 206
| 6,710 Louifville & Nashville 73>*
I 8.705 Manhattan L 95H
1.020 Metropolitan Street Railway 154H
100 Mexican Central 11\
300 Minneapolis & St Louis 53
....... Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 94
9,220 Missouri Pacific 52%
300 Mobile & Ohio 2S
Missouri Kansas & Texas 9*4
4,3*>0 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd I9?i
100 New erpey Central 135
11.2^0 New York Central 132'i
1,700 Norfolk & Western 37
Norfolk & Western prefd "CVi
12.0M' Northern Pacific 52>*
1.100 Nr-rthern Pacific prefd 71>«
3.7*7 Ontario * Western "1V 4
Oregon Railway & Nav 42
Oregnn Railway & Nav prefd 76
2."!,4f»n Pennsylvania 132 l 4
; 1.120 Reading 1S\
; 14.2O«> Reading 1st prefd 57",
S00 Reading 2d prefd 27»»
Rio Grande Western 43
Rio Grande Western prefd 90
....:.. St Louis & San Fran 10%
St LfHiis & San Fran 1st prefd C6
St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 35
1.100 Ft Louis Southwestern 12^
1.6S0 St i/ouis Southwestern prefd 3^4
6.2O0 Bt Paul 113%*,
2.300 St Paul rrefd 173
St Paul & Omaha 110
U.Q2S Southern Pacific Z:<~ %
G.7<>0 Southern Railway 12»*
i\Z2* Southern Railway prefd i-oSi
S00 Texas & Padtle .'16^
40.133 Union Pacific 60S
2.^20 I'nion Pacific prefd 7.^
Wabash 7**
20-> Wabash prefd is>,i
2Ki Wheeling & Lake Erie S*i
777 Wheeling fc I>Hk«> Krie rrefd 24%
SM Wisconsin Central ISM,
100 Third Avenue Ill'*
K.T!>re«E Corrnanies —
Adams 12C i
American 152 ;
1'nited .States 46
Wells Far^r. 123
Miscellaneous —
R50 Am^ricRn Cotton Oil 3S'4
American Cotton Oil prefd 91
100 American Malting 4H
ir.0 American Malting prefd 22Vj
.'.^•70 American Smelting & Refining 42%
1.7:r> American Srrcltins & Ref prefd 91 l i
American Spirits .' 1
American Spirits prefd 17
3'<i American Steel H"op 1»*4
7C0 American Stoel Hoon prefd 67
12.i*"0 American Steel & Wire 34%
1.400 American Steel & Wire prefd 75
1.715 American Tin Plate 32%
Aroerican Tin Plate prefd SI
5.4'G American Tobacco 93
American Tobacco prefd 127
1.160 Anaconda Mlnlnsr Co 444
lO.r.'i'i Brooklyn Rapid Transit BUS
SfO Colorado Fuel & Iron 3fi'^
4.CK5 Continental Tobacco 2~\
Continental Tobacco prefd 79
S.ftf.5 Federal Steel 3G^
2.02.-. Federal Steel preffl C6
CLO Oeneral Klectric 142
2(ki Glucose Surar 62%
100 Olucose ?nrar prefd 9S
465 International Patter 1S=4
International Paper prefd 64'i
973 Laclede Gas GS'i
743 National Biscuit 33V
4S0 National Biscuit pr^fd B9%
LOO National Lead 19
National Lead prefd 5-2
1.320 National Steel V%
National Steel rrefd U\
New Ycrk Air Brake 122
North Amr-rican IS%
Pacific Coast So
Pacific Cosst 1st prefd ?S
Pacific Coast 2d prefd CS
L66J Pacific Mail 2414
24,«T>.' People's Gas 94
960 Pressed Steel Car J9\J
2*0 Pressed Steel Car prefd 77<4
COO Pullman Palace Car 156
Standard Rom & Twine b\{
44. SSI SuKftr 120*i
Sujrar 1-reM llfi
5.3W Ter.reysee Coal & Iran f.« s i
17.4:.5 Vnited States Leather 11>4 1
1.1«> Tnite.1 States Leather prefd 70',i |
6.170 United States Rubber 31 ,
Tnited States Rubber pn;fd M |
2C0 Western I'nion 79V4
200 Republic Iron & Steel Co 12
Republic Iron & Steel Co prefd S3
p c c & &st Louis t;
451,-00 Chares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U E 2s refunding. do 4s 92
when Issued ....104 N V Cent lsts ....1CS% |
do coup 104 N J Cent gen 5s. ..123 j
do 3r reg 108% No Pac 3s 6.',».; |
do coup IOV do 4s 103U '
do new 4s reg. ..133ViiN Y C ft St L 4s.. 1C0
do coup USttlfforl & \V con 4s.. J7?» I
do old 4s r<-K....114 1 iiO r Nav lsts 109 I
do coup 114»« do 4s 103
do 5s reg 112 Or S Line 6s 127
do coup IISHI do con Es 113 1
Dis of Col 3.65s. ..123 iReadlng gen 4s .. ><$%
Atchlson pen 4s... 59%|R O W lstfl 9S»j
do adj 4s S7 jSt L & I M con 5s.lW 2
Can So 2ds lOSVSt L * S F een 6s. 122*4 I
Ches & Ohio 4%s.. 99H St Paul cons 170 j
do Es 120 jSt P C & Pac lsts.HSVg '
C fc XW con "i 133U| do 5s llU'i '
do S F deb ts....l20 So Pac 4s 75^ I
Chi Term 4s 92 So Ry 5s Ic9%
Colo So 4s Sl*i;S Hp>- & T Cs CSV,
I) & P- G lsts 303 Tex & Pac lsts...H3Vj
do 4s 9$"i do 2ds 65
Erie gen 4s 69*4 Union Pac 4s iO5Vi
Ft W & D C lsts. 72'.4iWabash Ists 117-.;
Gen Elec 5s 120 do 2<is 102"»
Iowa Cent lsts 113*4 West Shore 4s ....112V4
L & Na» hunl 4s.. 93 Wis Cent lsts Soii
M K i T 2ds C6 Va .cent Soft
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar lS.Ontarlo 6 CO
Crown Point 17;Ophir g;
Con Cal & Va 1 15, Plymouth n
Deadwood 45 Quicksilver 1 25
Gould St Curry 7S| Do prefd. m 6 00
Hale & Norcross... 33 Sierra Nevada 34
Homeetake 55 00 Standard 3 75
Iron Silver 70 Union Con 2t
Mcxic/n 43 Yellow Jacket 20
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — TL'nion Pacific 60"%
Cell loans 3(2?4>4 Union Land \L
Time loans 6«6j\Vls Cent 13'
Stocks— Bonds—
AtchiKon WVt Atchlson sou
do prefd 72 IN E G & Coke 6s.. 64
Am Sugar 120»£i Mining shares—
do prefd 116 [Adventure 4*4
Bell Telephone — 14* .Allouez Mln Co ... 1*4
Boston & Albany. .247 Amalg Copper* .... Esu
Boston Ele\-ated ..143',4 : Atlantic 23'
Boston & Maine ..1S8 I Boston & Mont.... 336
C B & Q 126"i;lJutte & Boston 62
Dom Coal 3S?i|Calutnet & Hecla..765
flo prefd 113 iCentennial 16W
Fed Steel 36UiFrankIln 141^
do prefd 66 iHumboldt 25
Fltchburg prefd ..138 jOsceola 7iu
Gen Elec 142'iiParrot 431*
do prefd 140 Quincy 147'
Ed Elec 111 212 flanta Fe Copper... 6*4
Mex Cent 11*4 Tamarack 257
Mich Telephone .. 65 Utah Mining ...... 30$i
N E G fc Coke 12V Wlnona 2l£
Old Dominion 21 Wolverines ..... 41
Itubber 31 I
CORK— Spot, flrm; American mixed, new. 4s
5%id. Futures, quiet; November, 4s 2^d- De
cember, 4s l^d; January 3s 10Ud.
"WHEAT-Spct. dull; No. 2 red Western win
ter. 6s 2d; No. 1 Northern spring, 6s ihii; No.
1 California. 6s oVid. Futures, dull; December
Cs Sd; February, fis 1%iL
LIVERPOOL. Oct. IS.— Wheat, steady: No. 1
standard California, es 3v4<l@6s 6fl; .wheat in
Purls, barely steady;' flour in Paris, dull;
French country markets, dull; weather in Eng
land, cloudy.
COTTON— Uplands. 5 19-320.
CLOSING.
LONDON. Oct. 18.— Consols, 9S76: silver,
29^3; French rentes, ICOf 5c; cargoes on pas
pace, very Inactive; English country markets,
dull.
Foreign Markets.
TACOMA, Oct. 18.— Wheat quiet, unchanged.
Blue Stem, 6Gc; Club, 53c. both for export.
PORTLAND. Oct. IS.— In the local market
denlers hesitate about putting the price of
Walla Walla wheat below 63c. Blue Stem is
nominal at 56c. with nothing doing. Some sales
of Valley are reported to interior mills at Cue.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND, Oct. 18.— Clearings, $504,166; bal
ances, $49,603.
Portland's Business.
LONDON. Oct. 18. — A large attendance was
present at the wool auction sales to-day. The
number of bales offered was 13,481. Merinos
5 per cent below the opening figures. The de
mand by the home trade was lees keen, while
that from the Continent increased somewhat.
Weakness was most pronounced In medium In
ferior greasy grade*, scoured also selling ir
regularly. Fine crosabreds ruled slightly lower
and medium coarse and greasy goods fraction
ally higher. Parcels suitable for America were
5 per cent above the prices prevailing last July.
Cape of Good Hope and Natal wools, with the
exception of combing, were 15 to 20 per cent
below the July prices.
London Wool Market.
CHICAGO, Oct. IS.— The Earl Fruit Company
realized the following prices for California
fruit at auction to-day: Grapes— Red Em
perors, single crates, )1 5501 65, average $1 63;
Clusters, single crates, average (2 05; Tokays,
single crates. $1 40@l 45, average $1 44. Pears
—Nells, boxes, average $215; Ki«fer, boxea, $1 15
(fl 50, average $1 41; Vicar, boxes, 65@70c, aver
age 69c. Pomegranates— Single crates, aver
age 11 20. Prunes— Italians, single crates, 400
70c, average 60c. - Weather hot. Five cars sold
to-day.
NEW YORK. Oct. 18.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California fruit at auction to-day and
realized the following prices: Pears— Forrelle,
half boxes, average $3; Forrelle, single crates,
average $3 25; Nells, half boxes, average $2;
Vicar, boxes, average $1 30; Nells, boxes, 65c@
$1 55, average $1 17; E. Buerre, boxes, average
$1 10; P. Barry, boxes/average $183; D'Alen
con, boxes, average $1 15; G. Morceau, boxes,
average 95c. Prunes— Italians, single crates,
36c Six cars sold to-day. Weather hot.
Silzcr and New York Exchange higher.
Turpentine marked up.
Wheat futures declined. Barley dull and nominal.
Oats z-ery firm. Corn offerings light.
Beans s{ill arriving freely.
Hay z-cry {inn. Fecdstuffs unchanged.
Sweet Potatoes lower. Vegetables featureless.
Butter piling up and prices declining.
Cheese steady. Domestic Eggs firm and Eastern higher.
Poultry still in large supply and weak.
Grapes dragging. Other Fruits without feature.
Nothing doing in Dried Fruits.
Provisions in fair demand and unchanged.
Hogs lo~jL'cr.
Linseed Oil advanced pc per gallon.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Bid. Ask.
Alpha 05 06
Alta 03 04
Andes 10 11
Belcher 20 21
Best & Belcher. 40 41
Bullion 04 05
Caledonia 42 44
Chollar 24 26
Challenge Con.. 20 21
Confidence 73 82
Con Cal & Va..l 30 1 35
Con Imperial... 01 02
Con New York. 01 —
Eureka Con — 45
Crown Point.... 15 16
Exchequer — 02
Gould & Curry. S3 S3
Hale & Norcra. 42 43
lulla 03 Ot
THURSDAY. Oct. IS — t p. m.
Bld.Aak.
Justice 07 OS
Kentuck 02 C4
Lady Wash — 03
Mexican 43 49
Occidental 10 u
Ophlr loo 105
Overman 10 12
Potosl 21 22
Savage S3 35
Scorpion 01
Sear Belcher C2 03
Sierra Nevada. S3 40
Stiver Hill 35 40
St Louis — 12
Standard S 25 —
Syndicate 04 —
Union Con 23 33
Utah 14 15
Yellow Jacket.. 22 24
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
600 Andes 11
S0O Hest & Belcher. 41
200 Chollar 25
150 Con Cal & Va..l 30
200 Gould 4i Curry. 83
500 Justice 07!
300 Mexican 47
300 Mexican 49
300 Ophlr 95
200 Ophir »7
400 Sierra Nevada. 33
Afternoon Session.
300 Best & Belcher. 3S
400 Best & Belcher. 39
6C«> Challenge Con. 21
tOO Chollar 24
200 Con Cal & V.I 27H
U0 Con Cal & V...1 30
500 Gould & Curry. SO
30<) Justice 07
1400 Mexican 43
ic Mexican 4",
200 Mexican 45
1700 Ophir gs
200 Ophlr 91
300 Ophlr 90
800 Savage 34
400 Silver Hill 36
3tO Union Con 28
3»X> Union Con 27
400 Yellow Jacket- 23
70© Yellow Jacket.. 23
Morning Session.
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
Vf> Chollar 26 50 Mexican 44
SCO Crown Point.... 15 SCO Ophlr SS
300 Gould it Curry. 80 400 Savage 35
5C0 Kentuck 04 600 Silver Hill 37
400 Mexican 43 70O Union Con...... 27
Afternoon Session.
1C0 Belcher 21/ 300 Mexican 4S
100 Belcher 20; 1C0 Mexican 47
200 Best & Belcher. 41 1 600 Ophir 1 CO
100 Chollar 25 ( SCO Ophlr 99
H») Con Cal & Va..l 30 200 Potosl 23
20<) Gould & Curry. S5 500 Savage 35
3C0 Hale & Norcrs. 42| 100 Sierra Nevada. 39
200 Hale & Norcrs. 43 [ 200 Union Con 23
Following were the sales in tfie San Francisco
Stock and Exchange Beard yesterday:
MINING STOCKS.
2'» Home OH ! 4 63
10 Kern Oil Co 10 i;t^
3jO Petroleum Center 26
2W San Joaquin Oil & D»-v 9 50
10O San Joaquin Oil & Dev, b 90 10 00
15 San Joaquin Oil & Dev 9 3714
luO Sterling O & D Co 3 00
Board —
& Blue Goose' S 50
Afternoon Session.
200 El Dorado 250
Board —
1000 California Standard 81
100 Dominion 40
50 El Dorado 2 20
130 El Dorado 2 25
200 Home Oil '. 4 65
4^0 Kern Oil Co 10 CO
15 San Joaquin Oil & P«v 8 75
300 San Joaquin Oil & Dev 9 CO
10O San Joaquin Oil & Dev 9 25
50 Sterling O & D Co 3 00
60 Twenty-Eight 2 13
100 Yukon 60
Street —
ICO El Dorado 125
1C0 El Dorado 2 30
10 Blue Goose 5 CO
2iXi San Jccquln Oil & Dev 9 CO
50 Home Oil 4 65
PRODUCERS' OIL. EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
The only change worthy of note In local
securities was an advance In Gas and Electric
to $51 £0 and a subsequent decline to $51 IZVz-
Business was light. . _
The oil stocks sold very well again and San
Joaquin advanced to $9 25. .... „
The Challenge Con. and Potosl Mining com
panies have each levied an assessment of. 10
The' Home Oil Company will pay a dividend
of 10 cents. per share on the 20th.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY. Oct. IS— 2:30 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
4s quar coup...ll4*;il5i4 Is do cp (new).134U13:
4s do reg 1H?»115^ 3d do coup "« ~"
MISCKLLA.NEOUS BONDS.
Bay Co P Co..lOCH103%iOak Water 5S.103H —
• , -> >j,h .is. .n» . Oceanic SS 5s. 103*4 —
C C Water 5s..l06H107}i Om k. tiy 6*...iZ> —
W L t r tia.m — Pac <5 Imp 4s. 101% —
P & Cl Ky «».. - — p & Cl.Ry 63..104V4106
Geary-st K 5s. — — P&ORR «s.lla —
H C & S 5Hs.. — — Pow<«U-st R 6S.117H —
Do R* inrt _ q a c L GftR SslOOftlOC*
L A R 5s 10R4 — 3 F & SJV 5s. 118 —
L A Li Co 6s.. — 103 S R of Cal 6s. — —
Do gntd 6s... — — S P of A 6s lH9t —
L A gntd 5s.. — 101H S P ofC6u(1905)
L A P R R 5s. — 102% (Series A)....l«tt —
Mnrkef-nt fi«...i?s 129 Do (Series B)108}» —
Do 1st M 5s. .113% — S P C as (130«)lWttH0
N C X G H Is. - 114 Do (1912). ....118 U»
N n "f Cal 69.113 — S P R 1st gntd — —
Do 5a U6Vi — 8 P B 6s 130 —
N »• • K R 6a. >••¦ S V Water 6s.m "«
Do5s 106%10TH Do 4s 103 103%
N* Cal Ry fis.. .110 113 L>o Sd mtg.. — 1««
OaJc G L & H.109% — ' Etktn Gas 8s..l00 —
Oak Tran 6S...116H117 I
vv »-...-.> ftotkS
Contra Costa.. 69K 70H Sprlnj Valley. — 85K
Alarm County. ol>» —
GAS AND ELECTRi" cTOCKS
<~»n» Z, «POo * '"4 Pac 1* Co 43% —
Eqult G L Co. 2H 3H Sao El G&RCo S4 —
M. u«l K u. ¦ S F G & D.... 51 BlVt
O G L & H....49 49?i Kranciacu. * •>*»
Pac Gas Imp.. 81 — Stktn G & E C t- 14
iNPf'RANCE STOCKS.
Flrem's Fund.22S — '
HANK STOCKS. .
'jvnrio-rn' t »d »«u 71 Firs* Nat'onL.W 100
Bank of Cal.. .406% — Lon P & A. ...135 —
Car S D Si T..104V4105H Merchants' Ex 18 IS
SAV1NU3 BANKB.
Ger S & L — 1900 £av &. L. 3o... — 81
Hum S & L.. — — iSac Bar Bk.. — —
Mut Sav Bk.. 54 — I Union T Co... — —
S P Sav U....515 — '
STREET RAIL,ROAT> STOCKS.
California 123 — O S I* & H.... — *2\b
Oe«rv-«t — — Presidio — 23
Market-st 65^ —
ifwnKR STOCKS.
California 151 179 Vlgorit i% Z\i
Giant Con Co. 83 —
SUGAR STOCKS.
"nn, « p r^. 7 7H Kllauet S P C — a
Haw C & S Co — — M.iKaweii D Co 43 *ihi
Onomea S f o . n% —
Hutch S P Co. 24H 24U Paauhau S Co. 30 30H
MlavJEL^A.NiiOUS STOCKS.
A1 T>-*r* A«!«n.l?*V4125 ;>< "* > "" A. .. '\ —
Cal Fruit Asn. 93 — Pac C Bor Co.130 —
*• Ui rujui Co.. i«xi —
Oceanic S Co.. 92% 93tf
Morning Session.
Board—
27 Fireman's Fund Ins, s 10 229 CO
$10,000 Oceanic S S Bonds 1C8 25
15 Pacific Lighting „ 44 CO
40 S F Gas & Electric Co 51 CO
Afternoon Session.
Board—
6 Alaska Packers' Assn 125 M
EO Market Street Railway 66 00
10 Oceanic S S Co S3 00
JGOOO Sacramento Elec Gas & Ry 5s 10O "3
20 S F Gaslight 5 00
23 S'F Gas & Electric Co 51 50
20 S F Gas & Electric Co 61 23
30 S F <5aa & Electric Co 51 12»4
2 S V Water 94 50
Street —
$1COO Contra Costa Water bonds 1C6 75
$400") Los Angeles Ry 3s 105 23
$5000 Market St Ry 1st Con 5s IIS 50
$10.C00 Ocanic S S Bonds 109 50
$6000 Oceanic S S Bonds 1C8 73
Flour, qr sks 14.43S
Wheat, ctls 46,022
Barley, ctls 34.875
Oats, ctls......... 270
Corn, East, ctls.. 600
Butter, ctls 170
Cheese, ctls 408
Talfcw, cUs 447
Wine, rals 70,700
Leather, rolls 227
Raisins, bxs 1.350
Engs. doz 10,920
Sugar, bbls 8S7
| Quicksilver, flsks 78
¦ Hops, bales 17
'Powder, cars "i'-^I
I Lime, bbls 2«
.Hay, tons 6CJ
Middlings, sks... 682
Hides, No 83i
¦Pelts, bdls 3.825
(Potatoes, sks 6,629
jOnions, sks 870
'Bran, sks 650
.Beans, sks 4,857
IWool. boles.. 95
FOR THURSDAY. OCTOBER 18.
Receipts of Produce.
LINSEED OIL— Is 9c higher at 82c per gallon
for raw and 84c for boiled In barrels; cases,
6c more.
COAL— Wellington, $9 per ton; Southdeld Wei-'
Ungton. $9: Seattle, $7; Bryant, $7; Coos Bay
(5 00; Wallsend, $9; Co-operative Wallsend, $9-
Cumberland. $12 In bulk and $13 25 in sacks:
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14: Cannel $12
per ton: Coke. $15 per ton in bulk and $18 In
sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions, $8 45 p»r
2000 lbs and $3 50 per ton, according to brand
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Crushed, 6.65c; Powdered, 6.25c; Candy Gran
ulated, 6.25c; Dry Granulated, 6.15c; Confec
tioners' A, 6.15c; Magnolia A, 5.75c; Extra C.
5.65c; Golden C, 5.55c; barrels, 10c more; half
barrels, 25c more: boxes. 50c more; 60-lb bags
10c more. No orders taken for less than 75
barrels or Its equivalent. Domlnos, half-bar
rels. 6.90c: br>T*!«. V.lFc per lb.
TURPENTINE— Is higher at 63c per gallon in
cases and 67c in drums and iron barrels.
BAGS— San Quentin Bags, $5 65; Calcutta
Grain Bags, 5*ic; Wool Bags, 2S4@324c: Fleece
Twine. 7V4c; Fruit Bags, 6H@6%c for white and
8\4®S%c for bleached Jute.
General Merchandise.
PORK— Live Hops. 5H@I%c for small, 5^0
5%c for medium and 5'/lc for large; stock Hogs
and feeders, 6c; dressed Hogs, 7@8c.
LA MR— «*t«Hp nor lb
The expected decline In Hogs has occurred.
Receipts have been larger of late, and Imports
from the East are expected, owing to lower
prices there. Another factor against the mar
ket is the expected Imports of green meat from
the East, and all this works against live Hogs.
BKEr'— S*it>^ic lor ste-eia and oQoViC per lb lor
Cows.
VEAL— Large, 7@8c; small, 8H©9c per lb
MUTTON— Wethers, IQfAc; ewes, 6H<57c per
pound. '
San Francisco Meat Market.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about 1c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, SiffSijc; medium. SV: light, Sc: Cow
hides, 8c; Ptngj, 6c; Salted Kip. 8c; Salted
Veal. Sc: Salted Calf. 9e; Dry Hides 15«i;>V,c <
culls. i:!fT13c: Dry Kip. 13c; Dry Calf, lsmsc
culls and brands. 12Til.1c: Sheepskins. Shear
llnp.*, 15i?f2r>c each; short Wool. 30®40c each
meillum. M^i 7»V: long Wool. :r.efc« t-ach- Horse
Hides. «alt. |2@2 25 for large. $1 75 for medium,
*1 for small and 50c for colts; Horse Hides
dry. SI 50 for large. «i 25 for medium, $1 for
small and 25.t?5Oc Tor colts. Deerskins — Summer
or red sklrs. 35c: fall or medium skins 30c;
winter or thin skins, 17H@20c. Goatskins—
Prime Angoras. 75c; large and smooth 60c •
meillum. 35c. '
- TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4@4^c per lb; No.
2. 3f?3He; grense, 2<ff2U.c.
WOOLf-Sprlng clip is quotable as follows:
Northern, free. 13<SlCc: Northern, defective V®
14c; Middle County, free. 14fjlCc; Middle Coun
ty, defective, 12(B 14c; Southern Mountain. 12
months', 9glCc; Southern Mountain, free 7
months'. Iliai2c; Southern Mountain, defective,
7 months', 91411c: Humboldt and Mendocino 16
«?17c: Nevada. 13© 1G per lb.
Fall Clip— San Joaquin. «H«?Sc: do Lambs' 8
<?9c: Middle County, 9igilc per lb.
HOPS— njfl4c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
CURED MEATS — Bacon, ll^c per lb for
heavy. 12c for llftht medium. 13>4c for light,
lie for extra llKht ami lJVic for Fugar cured;
Kasttrn Migar-eured hams. 12c; Mess Beef.
$12 60 r"r bbl; extra Mess, ?13 50; Family, $14;
pytru Prime Perk. }ir. : extra clear. 519 50; Mess.
117: Smoked Beef. 13c rer lb.
LAUD— Tierces quoted at 0\r per lb for com
pound »nd 9^c for pure; half-barrels, pure,
»\c: 10-lh tin?. 10';c; 5-lb tins. 10%c.
roTTOIR.vr- one-half bHrrel. f%c: three
half barrels. g<4c; one tierce, S?i.c; two tierces,
*'-<<-•; live turrceo, b'nc per lb.
Thrre Is no further change to report In this
market.
NUTS-Che?tnuts. lOftl'^e ppr lb: Walnuts
Xo. 1 softeh?!l. lie; No. 2. 8c: Xo. 1 hardshell!
10c: No. 2. l\ic: Almonds. ISWISc for paper
r.hcll. 11S12HC for softshell: Peanuts. 5<g(k: for
Kf.stern; Brazil Nuts. 13c: Filberts, 13c; Pecans
lift He: Cocoanuts, J3 roflS.
MONEY— Comb. UHfiUUc for bright and 124
ifJICc for light amber; water white, extracted.
T\«f8c; light amber, extracted. 7®"Hc- dark G
fjf.Uc per lb.
' BEES\VAX-24'?(26c per lb.
Provisions.
FRUITS — Prunes. Santa Claras. 4 sizes, 3c:
40-SOs, 7c; EO-COs, t>\%c; 6O-70s. 3»4c; 70-80s, ZMc;
So-90s, 2%ic; 90-lOOs, 2Uc; ICOs and over, 2c: ru
bles, Vic premium: Sonomas. v»c and San Joa
qulns Uc less than Snnta Claras, except 100s
and over, which stand the same. Apricots, .&fg
%? for Royals and l(V?rllVic for Mo'orparics;
Kvaporated Apples. 4H65Ke: sun-dried. 2HS4o;
IVaches, 4V4i55c for standard. 5HS?6c for choice
and 7qSc for fancy; Pears. 2ifJ7c; Plums, pitted
-O«Vic;. unplttetl. ISIHe: Nectarines. £®5Hc for
red and 5V4&9C for white.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established tho folIowlnK prices for the
season of 1M!O: Bleached Thompson's fancy. 12c
per lb: choir*-, lie: standard. f>^ic; prime." 8c;
unbleached Thompson's, 9c per lb. Sultanas
Fancy, lO'/jc per lb; choice, 9Hc: standard, *\c;
prime. Sc; unbleaclipd Sultanas, Sc; Seedless,'
M-lb boxes. CMtfj 2-orown loose Muscatels. 6c';
!- crown. fiV»c; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers. 2
crewn, $1 50 r"*r box; 1-crown, $1 60; Fancy
Clusters. $2; Dehesa. J2 50; Imperial, $3. All
prices f. o. b. at common shipping points In
California.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
BLACKBERRIES— $5 per chest.
CRANBERRIES— Cape Cod, fS 50<SS 75; Cooa
Bay. !2<52 25 per box.
STRA\vnERRIE&-$3<34 60 per chest for
large ami $7tSK for small berries.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 4@Gc per lb.
RASPBERRIES— S5f(6 v<r chest.
POMEGRANATES— JOgTac per email box and
$1 ?A>fri2 t.er Inrfw box.
PLUMS— 204740c r>er box.
GRAPES — Muscats. Tokays, black and other
ordinary varieties, 20933c per small box and
40<5Me per crate; Isabellas, in crates, 65c;
Cornlchons, in crates, 65c; Wine Graphs. |1S(Q22
for white, $2O«J22 for Mission and $21ig26 per
ton for Zinfandel.
MELONS — Nutmegs. ZS'fj'TSc per case; Canta
loupes, SOciffl 25 per crate; Watermelons, Ji^i'li
per 100.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, $4^4 50;
Lemons. &0c{i$l 60 for common and $2'g3 for
fowl to choice; Mexican Llm»s. $4f?4 50; Ba
nanas. ll$?2 2o per bunch; Pineapples, $t 'jyQ
3 50 per dozen.
FIGS— $1<??1 60 per ordinary box.
Grapes are dragging, with heavy supplies.
Figs are scarce and much higher. Melons are
dull and easy, owing to the cool weather.
All kinds of tree fruits are In sufficient sup
ply and quiet.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS —
APPLES— 25@5Oc per box for common and
6t'(&~S0c for good to choice; Spltzenbergs, 90e$$l.
PEARS — Winter Nellis, tiOcgJl; Cooking
Petrs, 25<S65c per box.
QUINCES— 2f.«?eoc p*r box. •
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
HOTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 26H<8'27c; Sec
onds, 25c.
Dairy— Fancy, 2J<a25c; food to choice, IV&Q
23V&c; . common, 20@22c.
Creamery tuD — ttJtiz^c per lb.
Pickled roll— US21C
Firkin— 18® 19c.
Storage goods— 22%S24c.
CHEESE— New, ll@UHo; old. 10c; Young
America, 11© 12c; Eastern, 12%@14c; Western,
10<5>12c per lb.
EGGS — Quoted at 2?'4ff?' 9 S<" for ntnr. an a 35©
40c per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 18@26c.
The Butter market Is steadily growing worse.
Stocks of fresh are too heavy, and large sup
plies of packed goods, In various kinds of pack
ages, are offerlns. The retailers are taking
the latter in preference to the former. A car
of Eastern Is also on the market. Quotations
are naturally lower again under these condi
tions.
Cheese is steady and unchanged.
Egrgs are firm, but no higher, except the finer
brands of Eastern. - , ,
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Poultry continues In heavy supply and weak.
Game sold higher under lighter arrivals.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 14@l«c for Gobblers
and 14@16o for Hens; old Turkeys, 11012Hc;
Geese, per pair, »125@160; Goslings, $1500175;
Ducks, $3@4 for old and »3 5004 50 for Yonnx;
Hens. J3 50@5; Young Roosters, $3 50@4; Ola
Roosters. $3 5004; Fryers. $3@3 50; Broilers. $a
S 60 for large and $2@2 50 for small ; Pigeons.
$1®1 25 per dozen for old and U 50@l IS for
Squab*.
GAME-Quall. $1 25 for valley and $2 for
Mountain; Mallard. $4 5O@7: Canvasback. $5®8
for choice down to $3 for poor; Sprig. J3i34: Teal.
$3 50«l>4; Widgeon, 12 25^2 50; Small Duck $1 g
@2;. Gray Geese. $3S3 50; White Geeee, « 2a®
1 £0; Brant, $1 50 for small and for large;
English Snloe, $1; Jack Snipe, 75c@$l; Hare.
$1 25; Rabbits. $1 25(51 60 for cottontail and $1
for brush; Doves, 60c per dozen.
Poultry and Game.
Cucumbers. 40©50c for Alameda; Pickles. $1-5
per box for Is o. 1 and 65c for No. 2; >>*""}•
*@<Kc per lb; Marrowfat Squash. *S@10 per ton.
Mrs. Myer Lewis (owner) with O. H. Janes
/contractor and architect)— Excavation, foun
dations, granite, marble and brortie work for
mausoleum In Home of Peace Cemetery. Ban
Mateo County, on plat C. section 4. lou 13 and
14; $2200.
Benjamin F. Hurlburt (owner) with W. O.
Hurlburt (contractor), architect J. S. Davlln—
Excavation, brick, carpenter, mill and Joiner
work, plastering-, glazing and hardware for a
one-story attic and basement frame cottage on
W line of Twenty-third avenue, 150 X of
Clement street. N 60 by W 120. Outstda Lands
block 1S9; $1250.
Builders' Contracts.
Adrlene and Charles Llevaux to Ferdinand
and Mathllde Queyrel, lot on XE corner of Sec
ond and Madison streets, E 75 by N 50, portion
of block 131. as per Kellersberxer's map, Oak
land; 510.
James P. Merrltt to Frederick A. and Louis-.
B. Merrltt. all Interest In following: Lot on 3
line of Thirteenth street, 100 E of Madison. E
60 by S 100; also lot on SW corner of Thir
teenth and Oak streets. S 100 by W 100; also
'ot on N line of Thirteenth street, 120 E of
Madison. E 60 by N I0O. Oakland: J1093.
Frederick A. and Louise B. Merrttt to James
P. Merrltt. all Interest In following: Lot on
SB corner of Madison and Thirteenth streets.
E 10O by S 100; also lot on S line of Thirteenth
street, 130 E of Madison. E SO by S 100; also
lot on XW corner of Thirteenth and Oak
streets, N 120. VT 100. S 20, W 20. S 100, E 120,
to beginning. Oakland; 110.
E. B. Pond and H. C. Campbell (trustees for
S. G. Cook) to San Francisco Savings Union.
5o6 D. 223, lot on NE Un« of East Twenty
seventh street with W line of Valledto place.
N 333:9. NW 3C8.40. SW 230. SE £37:03. to begin
ning, block 94, Highland Park, map 2. trustees'
deed. East Oakland; $2000.
Frank H. and Kate F. Robinson to Wllhelrn
T. Sagehorn, lot on X line of Twenty-slit^
street. 152:4 E of Market. E M by S 130 lot
40. map of the Milton Tract. Oakland; |io.
W 2$ by N 10O:4H. bVlnTiot n'^^i Plne "
of lands of Oak and Poi r . V^^i 8 - ma P
Landing. Oakland; no. * Railroad Terry
Emma I*. Blttermaa to Horn. t*.,<t*i „
pany. lot on W line of LS ,Hl JlM! "* Com -
Ashby avenue. N 40 by W S l^i'i' JS° ? £ f
Adeline Tract. Berkeley |i> * 7> Wock c «
Marston Campbell, adrmniktrntra. «• •«.
tate of William Handerk" r^ th *. "'
Bauer (by Oscar L. iSie^ShSn^cSS*
land Paving- Company lot on Bi^»> Oa!t :
street. 100 S of University aV«ie % < * !a s ? : v on 5
133, beln? lot IS. block 92. trwt B nUl.
Land^and TlUa Iaauraac. 'AsScia^oa, BerVe!
Anna H. Brustsmen to Eva K'.rjnt* tt.^
drtckson. lot on 3 corner o* nS!S??^ v "";
and Orion Btreet, SW 54 by SB U5. lot»*?and
46 on map of subdivisions cf lots 58 57 S Ind
68, Klnysland Tract. Brooklyn Towr.shlD tio
r?* nd "^ H. a Campbell (truste4 for
John Herd> to San Francisco Savlnra VTon
4t5 D. 117, lot on X Una of Merrtmaa street
125 E of Telegraph avenue as it existed Ma-ch
29. 1S79. E 100 by N 145. Oakland: »<*».
Alameda County.
J. 0 * f° S " n « of A street, 50 E of Twenty-fifth
Hn™ *; E , SOb I rS 1«>. Jots 3 and 4. bloc* 307.
Homestead Union; J10.
nn w if M Renton to Catherine A. Estey, lot
O» . n c 0 ,'» ThW l'- SM ™ il avenue. 223 S of
Q street. S 50 by W 120; «0.
fr ri, i° r t Clemence). Pauline and Marie Lan-
E Ur^ of %t SeCUrlty Lcan Association, lot on
S « r kL I. 1 *?/* 11 ""**• 73 S of Rlvoll avenue.
aaren b /on E HiShts &t n6 bl ° Ck * » uMlvlsl ° a »
W Une' of X-VT tO Sophle Frlefl < wtfe >- »<* on
5 25 bv w , S ifc Street - 73 S of Mariana,
street «? «J 1M i* al "° lot on E 1Ine ot E l sl «
MO e fc_,tJ° S o'Cortiand avenue. S 25 by K
BaVot lot on\4 aVln " Bank to Edward A.
82 SW M 5 *^- ? e^T" of P^ita Valley lot
81. Pred u Vallev ifn , aU l0t * 2 and N portIon
veyed to cltv IlfY and *- M <*Pting portion con-
Charfc, a * *J of San Francisco; J10.
BW of'Br az n n N\v 'EP&JS&Z strcet - 17 '
E Jame 9 ° r «««S; £fc- W0Ck *
CllffoVd 3 . fot s^v™ 0 * S - Anth °ny to John
avenues. \v ~N<s « SEP^V* °° ean ancl
block 3. LaJcJTvvw. s^ E x 94:4 - lot s -
Jemea M. and MiU, « T r
Mary Harrison SRft.SP'?' t0 Jose P" an-i
purrhase; no. " X t0 :3 - block 504, Haley
Martin and llnrir tt- it . .
Works (a eoiSoS,™ 1 *?"* *? c *»f°rnla Gin
and W half tot^i ani i, to 3 - 46 to 4S
to 3S. block » lo| S rV« blOClt 93 - l0t9 13
6 1L Tract- |V " to 30 . Mock 123. O'N.
THE SAN FRANCISGp CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 19, 19OO.
THE STOCK MARKET.
California Fruit Sales.
steady. Good to prim* steers. *5 40<®5 85; poor
to medium. $4 40©6 35; selected feeders, alow,
10c lower, $3 76Q>4 45: stockers, weak, lOo to 15c
lower, 12 75@3 75: cows, $2 76@* 25: heifers, $2 75
«?4 60; canners, $2@2 85; bulls, $2 90® 4 40; calves,
J4®€ 15: Texas fed steers. I4S 4 90; Texas grass
Bteers. *3 35©4 JO;. Texas, bulls, « 75@3 ». -
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 29,000; to-morrow,
22,000, estimated; left over, 8000; 10c to 15c
lower. Top,, $4 85; mixed and butchers", $4 50©
4 S5: good to chotce heavy. I* 5504 82%: rough
heavy, $4 40@4 50: ltsrht. J4 40@4 S2V4; bulk of
sales, U 6O®4 85. ¦
SHEEP — Receipts, 14,000; choice steady;
others weak to 10c lower; lambs, 10015c higher.
Good to choice wethers, JS S5@4 20; fair to
choice mixed. $3 40S3 90: Western sheep, $3 70®
4 20- Texas sheep.. {2 5O@3 50: native lambs,
*4 25®5 75; Western lambs, $4 75@5 50.
WASHINGTON-. Oct. li-To-day-s statement
of the treasury balances In the general fund
dfvtaion V £* * 150 ' 000 - 00 ° WW reserve In tho
10
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
OCEA1T TRAVEL,
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
» Steamer* l»*v« Broad-way
t»>. wharf. San Francisco:
KE»ahi. For Alaskan Ports— 11 a. in..
IS? S&K_ °^'- :3> 2S> Nov - : Charge to
! *1&*lW«3£^ companT 1 * steamers at 3*attl».
i tffvKrtafH y ° r Victoria. Vancouver (B.
K^C^^Jfti C) - Port Townsend. Seattle.
MggBMar^l^i Tacorr.a, Kverett. Anacortes
([£ a^ 1 - e ' ;v ' "vVhatecca (TV'ttih. >—
"'¦fi 11 a, m.. Oct. 23. n, Nov. 2,
and every fifth day thereafter.
Chance at Seattle to this company's »te*mers
for Alaska and O. X. Ry. ; at Seattle or Ta-
corna to X. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C P. Ry.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— I p. m., Oct. 20,
25, SO, Nov. 4. and every fifth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harford
(San Luis Obtspo). Santa Barbara. Port Lea
Angeles and Redondo (Los Ansr»les) — U a. m..
Oct. 20. 24, 2S, Nov. 1, and every fourtii day
thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Staeon. Cayu-
cos. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Oavtota.
Santa Barbara, Ventura, Huenem*. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (L09 Angelee} and Newport — 9
o. m.. Oct. 23. 26, 30, Nov. 3, and every fourth
day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jom <5»1
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pax. Santa Romall.i
and Uun.yrr.aa (Mexico)- — 10 a. nx.. 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain oocopsay'a
folders.
The com?any reserves th» rlglit to chanr*
rteamers, railing dates and hours of tailing '
•without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE — t New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen. Ajenta,
10 Market St., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N, CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
POR.TLAND
From Spear-»treet Wharf, at 10 A. M.
CADC $12 First Class. Including Berth
r A tt L S8 Second Class. and Meals.
COLU^rBIA sails Oct. 15 N-rv 4
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails Oct. 20 13
Short Line to "Walla "Walla. Spokane^ Butte
Helena and all points In the Xortiweatl
Ttrough tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO.^*' 1 '^^
Superintendents.
TOYO RISEN KAISHA.
STEAXfERS WILL LEAVE WHARJ*. COR-
ner First and, Brannan itreets. at l" n_ m.
for YOKOHAMA and HOXGKONO. calling at
Kobe (Hloffo), Xa^asakt and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong: with steamers for In-
dia, etc. Xo cargo received on board oa day
of sailing.
ES. HOXGKONO MARC"
Tuesday. November 13, 1900
SS. NIPPON MARU „..
Thursday, December i, 1300
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rate*. For
freight and passage apply at cnmpeny*a office.
421 Market street, corner of First.
W. H. AVERT, General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
KEW TORS. eOUTHAMFTO.V. LOS DOS. PARI3.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From Xew York Every "Wednesday. 10 a. m.
8t. Louts Oct. 24}St. Lnuls Nov. 14
New York Oct. 3llXew York Nov. 21
St. Paul Nov. 7, St. Paul Nov. 13
RED STAR LINE.
Now York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Kensington Oct 2*!Southwark jc^. j.
Noordland Oct. 81 1 Westernland ...Xav 21
Frtesmnd Nov. TlKenslnston Njv. 2s
For freight and passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO
80 Montgomery st. Or any of Its agents!
COJtPAOKIE GE5EBAL5 TRANSATLaNtIQCE ¦
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. .-, *
Salllnjsr even* Thursday. Instead ot^mfi&L
Saturday, from November 2, l?a.> a t «J*«r4?»fc
10 a, m.. from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton street. LA BRETAGNE. Oct 23- LA
TOURAINE. Nov. 1; L'AQUITAINE. Nov S
First class to Havre. Joo and upward. Second
class to Havre. $42 50 and upward. GENER4I
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAS-
ADA. 33 Broadway (Hudson building) New
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO. Pacific Coa^t
Agents. 5 Montsomery avenue. San Francisco.
0CEA>ac s. s. co.-honoi.itt.it apta
AUCKLAND AND SYDNEY.
S3. ALAMEDA to New Zealand and Aus-
Ss/AuiTfaL^^^ftl ° CtObw £ » P - »
SS. zE^XNDiA^HonXl^X" 11 "' 1 "'^ ?
ednesday, November 10 2pm
J. D. SPRECKELS & SROS. CO., Aats B43 MH,k.t «*»'
P.er 7. Foot Pacific St. FnicM ofc 327 M?rtft
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
Mft .. ateamor " Montlcello."
Hi^Nr^M oface - Mission-street Dock.
FARE 7;...^ ne Matn 1Z0S -
" •" — -••^OAKLAND. Oct. 18.— Much has been j
said by the Ew^mocratic press and
the Democrats about the organi
zation of a "Bryan and Stevenson
League of Original Republicans."
Thf- league iia« been organized, and a
morning Derrocratic paper published a
lift cf "original Republicans" who had
figr.M the membership roll. This list con
tained tw?nty-Kix names, and after each
name wap a description of the Republican
ism of the owner of that narne.
Here are fourteen 1 out of the twenty
six names ot "original Republicans" as
published:
V. p. Moody, capitalist, ex-preeliJent First
Kitioi»al Bantu first vote for J. C Fremont.
A. HoenJfch. mattress maker; first vote for
*'..¦¦•!- G. I>laine.
W. £. Lewi*; firrt vote for Jamea JL. Oar
tibia.
A. J. Givre. carpenter; first vote for J. C.
Fremont.
Iicbfii 6tuart. mining operator; first vote for
A Ira ham Lincoln.
I>r. A. F. Ohllds, phyrlclan; first vote for
Abraham Lincoln.
Charle* E. Lioyd. oil operator and ex-Chief
cf Pohc: flrrt vote for Rutherford B. Hayes.
W. J- O^!e*by. attorney; first vote for R. B.
Bajreo-
J. W. Dutton. real estate; first vote for
A!.raham Lincoln.
"\V. H. Loomis, physician; firrt vote for J. C
Krtmcnt.
J. M. Baiwtt. Journalist; first vote for Abra
ham Lincoln.
F. E. Moore, collector; first vote for Jame«
A. Garfteia.
Dr. It. Uecse. physician; first vote for U. E.
Crut ,
C. N. Hitchcock, mechanical engineer; first
v<te for Abraham Lincoln.
Hore are the political records of the
same fourteen original Republicans as
thftge records stand for the- last eight
12; or "'nee the organization of the
Tnn P ™£! p i rt \i As a m atter of compari
are SSiSS^ PUbUshed rCC ° rdS thCy
T" >V" T Mood >'. Silver Republican.
J- M. Bawtt, -old Pard," PopuUst.
ij&rfiQ fe$?ta£? candIdate for
J "K Webster Governor with
nobert Stuart, Pwple'g party candldm* for
BUt. Senator in UM a^ln^fli Den.'son* '"
c£5b£ £• Si w 5, d p W party «¦""«•«• '«¦
Charles E. Lloyd. People's party candl.latu
for Public Administrator in im-Oi 2nd £
K$K?J Sr^VS^SSS" ln m% before the
Ju«ic e of1^ b fta^S I mi Party a - dldat ' '*
J. Vi. Dutton, a delegate to all People*! narty
conventions pince ISS2. J»riy
W. H. Locml*. People's party candidate for
County Hecordw In 1892 and Peoples party
candidate for County Auditor in 18<»4 "*"*
F. E. Moore, chairman of People*! party
Ccunty Central Committee in 1S92
Dr - 1 **'*', F*° pIel1 P*"^ candidate for
county office ln 1892 and People's party candi
date for City Auditor ln 189«.
C. N\ Hitchcock, delegate to People* ¦ Party
Convention ln San Leandro in 1892 and chair
man of People'* Party Convention ln 1884.
\V. S. I^ewls, delegate to People's Party Con
vention ln 1S»2 and 1SS4.
BRYAN AND STEVENSON
ORIGINAL REPUBLICANS
Most of Them Were Lately of the People's
Party and Ran for Office.
Plenty of Sain Promised.
OAKLAND. Oct. is.— The rainfall for
the present season up to l o'clock this aft
trnoon was 1.22 Incne-s This morning's
jrc-cipitatiDn was .15 of an inch. The total
isinfaM to the same date last season was
.76 of an inch.
OAKLAND, Oct. 16.— In accordance with
an agreement reached about six weeks
ago by the parties to the action, the $50,000
breach of promise suit of Mrs. Julia A.
Calhoun against Frederick Wundenberg,
was dismissed to-day by Judge Ellsworth.
The stipulation to dismiss was dated Sep-
Mrs Calhoun* is a handsome young
widow and Wundenberg is a wealthy
planter of the Hawaiian Islands. In her
complaint Mrs. Calhoun accused tho
planter with trifling with her ¦ affections
bv offering to marry her and then forget
ting his promise. She also said he failed
to keep his agreement to deed her a resi
dence on Filbert street. The terms of the
compromise were not made public, but it
is understood that Mrs. Calhoun did not
get the worst of the deal.
CALHOTTN-WtrNDENBERG
SUIT IS DISMISSED
Sugar Planter Soothes Pretty
Widow's Blighted Affections
With Good. Red Gold.
OAKLAND, Oct. 18.— H. Hansen of 90
Claremont avenue reported to the police
to-day that his mother-in-law, Mrs.
Louisa Mprgan, has been missing since
vesterday morning. Mrs. Morgan, who Is
over 70 years of age, left the house iast
evening, presumably for a short walk.
She has lived In Oakland but a short time,
and It 1b feared she wandered away and
cot lost. The old lady is small of stature,
and when she left home wore a dark dress
and shawl, but no hat.
Aged Woman Missing.
BOLD STRIKE LEADER WON
OVER BY WARM HOME AR
GUMENT.
Conscience-Stricken Hotel Thief
Must Answer for His Crime
in Minneapolis.
OAKLAND, Oct. IS.— Francis O. Lavin.
whose troubled conscience induced him to
deliver himself up to Sheriff Rogers on a
charge of grand larceny, will be taken
back to Minneapolis to be tried for his
crime. A telegram , was received to-day
from the Chief of Police of that city In
structing Sheriff Rogers to hold tho
young man. While acting as night clerk
of the Harward Hotel last March Lavin
suddenly left with a large sum of money
belonging to his employer, Edward Hand.
After beating his way across the conti
nent and" spending all his money the ex
clerk's conscience troubled him so much
that he turned himself over to the au
thorities and asked to be 6ent back to
Minneapolis for trial.
LAVIN WELL BE TAKEN
BACK EAST FOR TRIAL
Charles H. Cushing, Permanently
Weakened by Exposure, Becomes
a Victim of Pneumonia.
OAKLAND, Oct. 18.— Charles H. Cush-
Ing Jr., one of the few survivors of the
wreck of the Tacific Mail Steamship
Company's steamer Colima off the Mexi
can coast five years ago, died to-day at
his residence, 870 Adeline street, after an
illness of only a week. Pneumonia was
the cause of death.
The young man contracted a cold which
settled upon his lungs and he Bank rap-
Idly. The terrible exposure he suffered
In the awful disaster had Its effect, and
he had never fully recovered from the
sufferings of that awful night when only
thirty bouIs out of 230 passengers and
crew on the ill-fated steamer survived.
DEATH TAKES SURVIVOR,
OF THE COLIMA WBECK
OAKLAND. Oct. 18.— Manager Ellis
of the Sunset Telephone Com
pany Is fondly congratulating
himself that he quelled the re
cent messenger strike in his de
partment. But while the local manager
of the telephone company conducted tho
negotiations with the strikers and pre
vented any serious damage being done to
the company's property without calling
upon the National Guard the manager ha3
overlooked one very important factor In
the great strike,
Billy Shaw, the strike leader,* has gtme
back to his duties in the office, has ac
cepted the terms of the company and all
without a murmur. This rather surprised
those who knew that Shaw was threader
in the movement for the amelioration of
the condition of the messenger boys and
the enlargement of the tip system. Shaw
used to tell his companions of their down
trodden condition and when the time
came for the walkout Shaw proudly took,
his hat and went home.
But Billy Shaw encountered a new kind
of strike when he got home. He has re
turned to work without further complaint,
and when the rest of the service saw the
outcome of his strike they accepted the
terms offered by the company of an in
crease of $3 a month anJ returned to
work.
"All der fellers went back to work but
Billy Shaw," said one of the strikers,
"and his folks chased him back."
And the great strike is off.
OAKLAND. Oct. IS.— Charles F.
Franck, one of the most popular players
of the Oakland baseball team, and Miss
Alice May Haley were married this after
noon in County Clerk Jordan's private of
fice by Justice James Q. Qulnn. County
Auditor J. Cal Ewing and Deputy Ed
Johnston witnessed the ceremony.
Baseball Player Weds.
OAKLAND, Oct. 18.— Marriage licenses
were issued to-day to Homer Richard
Farris. 27 years of age. and Ettle May
Duesbury, !22, both of Alameda; Charles
Frederick Franck. 23. and Alice May Ha
ley. 23. both of Oakland; Emanuel Sylva
Fergodo, 29, and Alma Ann O'Haver, 30,
both of, San Francisco.
Licensed to Marry.
D. EDWARD COLLINS
TO DELIVEB LECTTTB.E
His Subject Will Be "Great Britain
and Her Relation to the United
States."
OAKLAND. Oct. IS.— D. Edward Collins.
prudent of the Bank of California, who
lately returned from a trip to Europe,
will deliver a lecture to-morrow evening
&t Gier's Hall, Fourteenth street, near
Washington, on "Grr-at Britain and Her
Relation to the United States."
Tho lecture will be given under the aus
pices ol" Albion Lodge No. 206, Sons of St.
George, ar.d will be for gf-ntlemcn only.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
HIS Broadway, Oct. IS.
The Oakland College of Medicine and
Surgery has been established by prom
inent physicians and surgeons of this city
who are practitioners in the regular
school. The institution has been brought
into existence as an enterprise to fill a
place on this side of the bay which the
medical men have determined is a need
of the large and growing population on
the cast side.
The plan comprehends the opening of
the college with a complete staff of in
structors, lecturers and demonstrators in
lt*Jl, when the terms of all other medical
colleges about the bay begin anew.
Clinics, however, will be started by Jan
uary 1.
The Incorporators of the new college,
who will serve as the first board of di
rectors, are: Dr. Frank L. Adams, Dr.
J. S. Eastman. Dr. Carl Krone, Dr. Hay
ward G. Thomas and Dr. D. D. Crowley.
Dr. Adams is president and Dr. Krone
secretary. Associated with these five gen
tlemen "in the preliminary arrangements
were Dr. S. H. Buteau. Dr. Robert T.
Stratton. Dr. W. S. Porter. Dr. O. D.
Hamlin, Dr. E. N. Ewer, Dr. J. L. Milton
and Dr. W. F. B. Wakefield. Nearly all
of the prominent physicians of the regu
lar school have been consulted and a large
majority are favorable to the project
There is already $50,000 available for thi
establishment. It is proposed to have
modern equipment complete in the labor
atories, clinical departments and lecture
rooms.
There are already under consideration
a long list of prospective students, many
of whom are attending the University of
California. The course In the new college
will be for four years and the entrance
requirements will be fixed at a very high
standard. No decision has been made as
to location. Both Oakland and Berkeley
are under consideration. The possibility
of connection with the Merritt Hospital,
made possible by the decision of the
United States Supr«me Court, is under
discussion.
East Side Physicians and
Surgeons Will Establish
Institution.
T0 FOUND NEW
MEDICAL COLLEGE
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Oct. 18.
Congressman Victor H. Metcalf of tbls
city Is making an earnest campaign for
the entire Republican Congressional ticket
of the State of California.. As the mem
ber from California of the National Re
publican Congressional Committee Mr.
Metcalf Is working hard In other districts
for the Republican nominees therein. The
following letter has been sent to every
newspaper in the State:
October 15, 1500.
Mr. Editor: In the San Francisco Call of
InM Saturday, the 13th lnst.. appeared an edi
torial under the caption "A Significant Ban
ner," which, it seems to me, carries great force
and weight at this time, and this communica
tion, is for the purpose of calling your special
attention to it. lest It may have escaped your
notice and that of your readers. '
It ought to be clearly understood by this time
that Bryan and the Bryanltes — I will not eay
Democrats, for very many of them will not
follow Bryan'B lead — are thoroughly insincere
in proclaiming "Imperialism," anti-ftxpanslon,"
"trusts," etc., as "paramount issues."
On the contrary these are simply "war cries."
¦without either rhyme or reason; baseless, hol
low shams, promulgated for the purpose of con
j fusing, obscuring or entirely concealing the
real issues— dummies set up to draw the cam
paign fire of the Republicans— and in this they
1 have succeeded only too well. *
The issues to be "decided on the 6th of No
vember next are precisely those of 1S96, the de
cision of which that year was bo disastrous to
Pryan's vaulting ambition that he dare not
bring them into the open ag-aln In this cam
paign, but conceals them behind specious and
false issues.
The financial question and the tariff are the
real Issues to be met and decided again this
year, and let it not for a moment be forgot
ten that the present most natlefactory status
of these momentous questions la protected—
so far as the House of Representatives 19 con
cerned—by the narrow margin of a Republican
majority of but nineteen, and that a change
of but ten Congressmen, anywhere in the whole
United States, from the Republican to the
Iltyan side of the House, would give to him and
to his followers control of that branch of Con
gress, with all which that would mean of dis
aster to the splendid credit which this nation
now enjoys at home and abroad, even though
we Bhould have a Republican President and
a Republican Senate. In this connection I refer
again to the extract* from a letter to me from
H H Hanna, chairman of the executive com
mittee of the Indianapolis Monetary Conven
tion, given in my former communication to
yCU.
All that it Is possible for us out here to do
in the direction of averting such a calamity
is to pee to it that a solid delegation of seven
Republican Congressmen la returned from
California- The country cannot afford that we
should lose to the enemy a single Republican
district. VICTOR H. METCALF.
Victor H. Metcalf Says Rep
resentatives Must Be
Elected.
URGES SUPPORT
OF CONGRESSMEN
Instead 6f women ushers there will be
men to take care of the seating capacity.
Their visages will correspond to the sable
mien of their co-partners of the opposite
sex. Their names will remain In disguise
with their faces and the audience will
guess again who they are.
The latest acquisitions to the minstrel
proup are Miss May Wright. Mrs. George
Chambers, Miss Jessie .Barrett, Miss
Edith Miller. Miss EthelJ Brown. Miss
Ethel Bates, Mrs. Charles Wheaton. Mrs.
Cal Ewing, Mrs. Christy Allen. Miss
Kdythe Pariser, Miss Edith Lang. Miss
Nellie Jamison and Miss Lucca Buch
labor, he will appear In the wjorld-renown
ed "baby phenomenon" act. Mr. Sloan
has contracted to escort twenty-five min
strel ladles to the Spruce Camp minstrel
show next Friday night so that they can
eee how 'tis done
SENSATI0NS PILE
UP IN RATE CASE
Documents Have Disap
peared From Office of
the City Clerk.
Councilman Stetson Protests Against
Methods of Attorney McCut
cheon and Court Repri
mands the Lawyer.
"I do not know.
"Was it before or after the passage of
the water-rate ordinance?" persisted Mc-
Cutcheon.
"I told you I did not know," emphati
cally repeated Stetson, who was losing
his temper.
"Tour Honor, said the badgered Coun
cilman, turning to Judge Hart. "I am get
ting tired of repeating answer after an
swer."
Then to McCutcheon: "You are only
trying to confuse me. I have told you re
peatedly that I did not know at this time
when the document was stolen."
Once more did McCutcheon query:
"Did you learn the date when the report
was stolen?"
Judge Hayne now objected, and his
Honor stopped the objectionable repetl-
Co'uncllman J. G. Lemmon followed,
but he was only examined briefly. The
sum of his evidence was that he had
vot»d for the water-rate ordinance upon
the report of the Fire and Water Com
mittee and upon general information
gleaned from hearing the statements of
President Watkinson and the public dis
cussions In the Council chamber. His pub
lished interview, signed, was admitted la
evidence. The case goes on to-morrow.
"Vvhich portion is not yours?"
"I cannot tell you at this time. I waa
quite bu.y in my office when the reporter
came to me and said he had a certain re
quired space to fill. I gave him a state
ment and told him that if that was not
enough he could stretch it out. He
stretched out the water part of it.
"I signed it without paying any atten
tion to It, as I had confidence in the re
porter.
"When I read the published statements
I remembered distinctly that there were
statements In It which I did not make."
After half an hour on that subject the
engineer's report was taken up.
"Where is the Le Conte report?" asked
McCutcheon. I'* -"'
"I believe it was stolen." was the start
ling reply by Stetson.
"Is this your statement?" asked Mc-
Cutcheon, handing Stetson a typewritten
paper.
"Not as a whole." was the reply.
Then came another fight upon the ad
mission in evidence of a signed statement
bv Stetson which was published.
""This is a double-barreled affair," ex
plained McCutcheon to Hayne. Judge
Hart allowed the statement in evidence.
"Counsel makes the Issue. I will make
the issue. Either he gets into evidence
an Inadmissible document or he intimi
dates the witness."
-xcCuteheon returned to his seat and
that incident was closed.
"We would like to fight it out." ejacu
lated Mr. Moore. "The whole thing Is a
humbug."
"As long as I can raise my voice in pro
testation I shall do so." retorted Hayne.
"Here's a charge of unfairness and in
timidation." declared McCutcheon. as he
went into explanations, but he was finally
cut short by Judge Hart, who told Mc-
Cutcheon his conduct was not entirely de
corous.
"Has this man a right to ostentatiously
read this paper where his action will tend
to embarrass the witness?"
Councilman George R. Stetson went up
to the witness-stand like a sheep going t>
slaughter, but he was a surprise to the
water company's lawyers. He had read
the reports of the special committee, had
read the statements of President Watk'n
son. had interviewed persons who had
knowledge of water plants outside of va
rious Councilmen that were familiar wtth
the subject of rates and had made thor
ough investigations.
McCutcheon rtarted on a tour to tangle
Stetson by flaunting under Stetson's gaze
an affidavit made by William D. English
purporting to be a statement English had
heard Stetson make in the City Council.
Then Attorney Hayne Interfered and
asked:
Then it was for the first time disclosed
that the schedule and estimates of value
of the water company's property waa
missing.
This is the much discu!»sed "inventory"
about which Mr. McCutcheon was yester
day very solicitous.
Cuvellier was mad when the persistent
hammering of Mm was continued all the
morning, and he finally broke out with:
"Don't try to trap me. If you will give
me a chance you will get a fair, square
answer." •
In the face of this affidavit Attorney
Hayne produced a sworn statement from
M. K. Miller, one of the city's special en
gineers, that Engineer Hewson of tne
Contra Costa Company had informed him
of the existence of records. Further
Councilman Cuvellier testified that lh-s
company had included an item of i£>.<n>
as expenditure upon the Fitchburg plant
In its report to the City Council, and still
harder wa3 Hewson's testimony that he
had seen a record of the plant sever* I
years ago.
Then the water company begged for
more time and got it.
Councilman Cuvellier was in good trim
when his examination was resumed this
morning. After repeating a dozei. times
In response to McCutch?on's questions
that President Watkinson was given every
opportunity to present the water com
pany's claims the "Manuel report' was
identified.
OAKLAND, Oct. lS.-Sensatlons have
broken forth at last thick and fast In th»
trial of; the water rates euit. Documents
and portions of reports Invaluable to the
city of Oakland and bearing upon muc:i
investigation of the Contra Costa. "Water
Company's plant have disappeared trove*.
the records of the City Clerk. While tt
has been a matter cf common report for
several years that the celebrated Le Conte
report upon the valuation of the plant,
which was made for the city of Oakland,
had disappeared, it remained for Council
man George R. 'Stetson to declare to-day
on the witness stand that he had infJv
matlon tha.t the report had been stolen.
This startling statement followed the
testimony of Councilman Cuvellier this
morning that the report made by a special
committee of the City Council three years
ago along the same lines ha.d been muti
lated and that several pa^ea cccniaining
extensive detailed figures upon the cost
of the works had also been removed from
the records.
Then again to add to the enlivening in
cidents of the day Councilman Cuvellier
charged the water company's lawyers
with attempts to trap him in his testi
mony. Stetson also made a hot prote3t
from the witness stand against the meth
ods of Attorney McCutcheon and bo pal
pably out of order were they that Judge
Hart rebuked the attorney.
Charges of intimidation and unfairness
were liKewise launched at the water coni
, bine's representatives by Judge Hayne,
who resented, iu behalf of the city, tha
conduct of McCutcheon In his examina
tion of Stetson.
To what extent the records of the city
wlth relation to water company affairs
have been mutilated or have been ao
stracted City Clerk Tompklns says he
cannot say now.
"Mr. Manuel, who wrote the special
committee report, tells me that several
pages are missing," said Tompkins. "i
will not be able to tell what is missins
until I have been able to make a thorough
search of the papers in the office. Tiio
Le Conte repoct. I have been lnformci.
disappeared long before I went into the
clerk's office. It would be impossible for
me to say at this time whether there arc
any other papers missing or not."
The defiant attitude of Attorney Mc-
Cutcheon upon the question of produc
tion of Fitcnburg pumping plant records
caused a reopening of thac subject witn
the resumption of the trial to-day. Mc-
Cutcheon flled an affidavit from President
Watkinson of the Contra Costa Company
to the effect that there were no records.
ALAMEDA. Oct. IS.— The dark
transaction that thirty society
women are aiding and abetting
tinder the alias of a minstrel
show, which befalls on November
1 at Harmonie Hall, promises divers dol
lars for the coffers of the Alameda
Woman's Charitable Association- The
whole town is interested. Space is sell
ing rapidly, and thpre is opportunity for
standing room in the lot upon which the
hall abides.
The trutrt that owns the hall is having
arc lamp? strewn about where they can
be seen. Arithmeticians are trying to fig
ure out how many arcs will be needed to
discourage the g-'oom that will effervesce
from the features of the female burnt-cork
artists. It is cald that this will be the
darkest page in the Alameda society blue
book.
The habiliments to be worn have under
gone a slight change since they were first
Some of the ladies shuddered at the
thought of smearing their countenances
with blacking and were almost ready to
back out until assured that they would
r.ot be permanently disfigured. Some
thought they would never be able to get
the stuff off again after it had once dried.
Others thought that when it did come off
some of the complexion would come with
it and leave powder marks. But with the
help of a husband one of the ladies found
a coon paint that is perfectly harmless,
and now everybody is happy. It comes
off with the aid of hot water, soap and a.
nail brush.
Miss Buch.^Miss Moore, Mrs. Gibbs and
Mrs. Youngberg will do such unusual
things as cakewalk, dance and sing. There
will be A special act by the unemployed
end girls.
As ,far as the management has gone
with Its net for entertainers It has cap
tured good talent, liquidated as follows:
Miss Ethel Bates. Miss Mary Jackson and
Mies Camille. Frank, soloifts; the Misses
Montgomery, specialists; Miss Mary Jack
son, Miss Edythe Pariser. Miss Mary
George and Miss Ethel Bates, quartet.
There will be others.
The one man that' has to do with this
ebony function is Clarence Sloan, often
called "Peter." but more politely referred
to as plain "Pete" Sloan. He is develop
ing a large muscular economy by reason
of his Job of keeping his proteges proper
ly in tune. Besides doing a lot of manual
noticed. The girls have decided for the
last time what their robes de minstrel will
be like. Instead of all parading their
brothers' claw-hammer coats just the
eight end wom^n will flourish them. The
others will wear party dresses of diverse
colors. There was some discussion as to
whether it would be proper to wear white
collars with low-necked dresses, but the
suggestion was voted down at last by ac
clamation. Some thought it would not be
nice to somber up their necks, but these
were persuaded that two colors would
not do. •
There have some changes among
the end ladies, too. Now they will taper
off the chorus thus: Miss Eva Fisher,
Miss Lucca Buch. Mrs. Fred Youngbergr.
Miss Maude Jackson. Miss Harriet Aus
tin, Miss Marjorie Moore, Mrs, Charles
Gibbs and Miss Jessie Jamison. Of these
SOCIETY LADIES WHO ARE LENDING THEIR AID TOWARD MAKING GREAT AFFAIR OF THE COMING MINSTREL SHOW, BY
MEANS OF WHICH IT IS HOPED TO SECURE MANY DOLLARS FOR WORTHY CAUSE,
Bright Members of Gentler 'Sex Prepare to Make "Coal Black Ladies" of Themselves and
Entertain the Public Watih Gags and Songs for Charity's Sake.
BERKELEY. Oct. IS.-The semi-centen-
ElaJ of the founding of the Presbvterian
church in California was celebrated at the
afternoon session of the synod of Califor
nia, held to-day in the First Presbyterian
Church. Half a dozen prominent speakers
gave short aJcresse? on topics of Prtsby
leriar-.isrn. Throughout the sessions the
church wns crowded with delegates and
victors.
j. he morning hours were given over al
most entirely to business. Reports cf va-
Jicus committees were beard. An invita
tion from Naj>a to hold the next synod in
the iirst Prc-sV-yterian Church of that
city was acccplctl. Dr. H. C. Mtnton of
fered the following resolution, which was
adopted:
Beaatred. Thct the Synod of Calif c-nl-i re
coras its hearty sympathy m-ith the twentieth,
ctntury movement iri-!iu|rurct»-d by th» last
t»:"fra! Asfir.b'y to re;.— a fp»oial fur.rl. t i bt
town us the twentieth ot-mury lurid, lor the
endowment o: educational and evangelical
tn-iix't effort* tor lt« rattcw. That the sj-n >4
* ij- 0 ' wsrrnlv CQS&TOdMSs. this novpn^pnt to ail
It! efcurefces and people, v/ith the hope that
:r.any to wh>m the LtJ has ir.tniftf-d wealth
v.,:: rr.tke this th" Fipnsl rvcasior. for mskin*
1 tx>ral thank ofTerinss frr the furth"»rano» of
•..'-.<• :T-.tfre5ts ot tho ktecdon of th<? I^-ird in our
tv-!ov*<3 church. And be it futtiier
RecoJrvd, That the prnod appoint a commit*
t <- of finance, with power to »<id to their own
r. umber, whore duty it shaJI be to frlve direc
tion to th» eJT.jrt rn tvhalf of this «j-nf*l and
t!>at Rev. John HempbUl, I>. P., who is a
rr.'.-n-.b«T of the GeaersJ Assembly <-orr.mitte<\ be
chairman c! the FTOodleal committee.
The afternoon session took up the work
of the Presbyterian church from various
viewpoints. .'
Mrs. D. P. Browne was the first fpeak
« r. She civ«r<d in B shirt address many
interesting points regarding the rise and
prowth of foreipn missions.
Hev. Jkg Poon Chew, a Cliineso Presby
t. rian minister of San Francisco, spoke
of "The Chinese in California.' He culled
tile attention of the syn<«1 to the "re
trenchment" of fun<1s that has caused a
falling off in the work among the Chinese
[n this State and to the apparent apathy
of the people of San Francisco in regard
to the work.
"The Japanese !n California" was the
subject of the address by the Rev. J. K.
Irsazawa of San Jose. Rev. Mr. Inazawa
[a a Japanese who has spent much lime
la i.'iSnrinB among his people here. In his
ii'l^rf-ss this afternoon he reviewed the
beginning of Christianity among the Jap
anese in this State about twenty-five
rears aero and told of the progress it
had made.
Dr. J. W. DiriFmnrf of Pan Jose made
an appeal for the Presbyterians to en
courage ami support the San Ansclmo
Orphan Asylum.
K<-v. George H. Filiar. pastor of the
Fr-'fno Armenian Church and an Arme
nian himself by birth, spoke of thf suf
ferings of his countrymen in far-away
Turkey. During the past ten years, he
over 290,000 Armenian Christians
have been murdered by order of the Turk
ish Sultan.
Rev. John Hemphlll. D.D.. closed the
afternoon F<*s5ion hy delivering an elo
rjuent aoiireFf upon "The Outlook for the
Twentieth Century." Dr. Hemphlll is an
expansionist. He believes that there is a
"manifest destiny*' for this country, and
that that destiny draws America west
ward. £>r. Hemphill i* an expansionist
b"th In material and rpiritual things.
"The American flag is up In Hawaii
rever to cnm<? down." said Dr. Hem;<hiil.
"It was pulled down once, but now it is
there to remain. It is up In the Philip
pines never to come down, and it is play
ing an important part in the affair? In
<"hina. Our G<".d is marching on. He has
brought i:s face to face with the Orient.
We ar«" <^n the eve of great events there.
It !. c rranlfpst destiny that we should go
v?st. As London has succeeded Rome, so
¦will New York London, and in her turn
Fan Francisco will succeed Xew York. In
the twentieth century greater San Fran
cisco, in which I ir.<-luo> all the cities
Bbout the bay. will «it in her majesty the
commercial queen of the broad Pacific.
without a rival.
"We Presbyterians are going into the
twentieth century with hopeful hearts for
the complete evangelization of the world.
There are no Ffgns of failure anywhere.
r.v«a in disturbed Chir.a. What God has
done for us in the nineteenth century
ought to Inspire us to ?o ahead to com
plete evangelization in the twentieth."
One Afternoon of the Session of tne
Synod Devoted to the Cele
bration of the Occa
sion.
Appropriate Addresses Were
Delivered by Well-Known
Clergymen
SEMI-CENTENNIAL
OF PRESBYTERIANS
ALAMEDA WOMAN'S CHARITABLE ASSOCIATION IS
TO BE THE BENEFICIARY OF A DARK TRANSACTION
SCHOOL TEACHERS WANT
STATE LAW CHANGED
OAKLAND. Oct. 18.— The executive
committee of the Alameda County Teach
ers' Annuity Association met last evening
to discuss the proposed amendments to
the State law governing: the organization
F. O. Crawford, P. M. Fisher and Miss
Emma Hilton were appointed a commit
tee to confer with a similar committee
from San Francisco for the purpose of
preparing a suitable amendment.
ALAMEDA REGISTRATION
FINALLY COMPLETED
Two Thousand New Names Added to
the List of Four Years Ago.
OAKLAND. Oct. IS.— The registration of
Alameda County has been footed up and
the total number of names on the Great
Register just closed is 27.S22, a gain of
2222 over the registration of four years
ago. The greatest gain has been In
Berkeley, which has Increased 525 voters
since that time. The rest of the gain has
been distributed over the county. The
registration by wards and townships Is as
follows, the wards being those of Oak
land:
First Ward. 153?; Second. 2052; Third 20)8 •
Fourth. 23S6: Fifth. 19«6; Sixth. 2522; Seventh
22G3; Alameda. 3267; Berkeley, 2951; Oakland
Township (outside), 75S; Brooklyn, 1335; Eden
1S09: Murray. 1535; Washington, 1291. Total!
27,922.
TEMPERANCE LODGE
OFFICER IS ACCUSED
Oakland's Good Templars Much Agi-
tated Over Beport That BrotheT
Drank Alcoholic Liquor.
OAKLAND, Oct. IS.— Somebody has
said that he took a drink of alcoholic
liquor with one of the grand officers of
the Independent Order of Good Templars
during the recent meeting of the Grand
I-odge In this city, and now there Is
trouble in the order. Of course, no one
believes it, but one of the members want*
an official denial and so a special meeting
has been called to quiet the slander.
The meeting has been called by A. H.
Southwick, an ardent member of Oakland
Lodge No. 162 of the order, and it will b«j
held 'at the residence of Mr. Southwick.
Mr. Southwick is the principal mover in
the investigation and is going to hava tho
matter denied.
"I had a talk with J. W. Osborn. a
former member of the order." said Mr.
Southwick, "and he remarked that during
the recent meeting of the Grand Lodge
In this city he had taken a drink
with one of the grand officers. I do not
believe that any member of our order,
much less a grand officer, would do any
thing of the kind and I simply want an
investigation to disprove this slander
upon the order."
ALAMEDA. Oct. 18.— Mrs. Elizabeth A.
Groome. the aged woman who sustained
severe injuries by a fall downstairs at the
home of her son, at 1812 'Willow street,
last Monday, died yesterday. Mrs.
Groome was S3 years of age and her phys
ical condition was such that she could not
overcome the shock of the fall.
The fall the aged lady received was a
peculiar one. She was on her way out of
the house to visit a friend. As she was
coming down the front steps of the house
she stumbled over a screen which was ly
ing across the way and fell down a flight
of five steps, landing on a concrete walk
at the bottom. She was picked up In an
unconscious condition. Physicians found
that she had sustained a fracture of the
collar-bone, a broken light arm and a
sprained left wrist. They pronounced her
beyond recovery.
The deceased was an old resident of
Alameda, having come here when the pe
ninsula was nothing more than a wilder
ness, about twenty-six years ago.' She
leaves three daughters— Mrs. Saunders.
Mrs. J. H. Henderson and Mrs. Dr. L. H.
Fraser.
Aged Woman Dies as the
Result of Injuries
Received.
FATAL FALL
DOWNSTAIRS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL/FRIDAY, OCTOBER 19, 1900.
NEWS OF THE BAY CITIES
OAKLAND ALAMEDA COUNTY BERKELEY
"BILLY" SHAW, LEADER OF
STRIKE, ACCEPTS TERMS
He Is Thoroughly Subdued, as Result of
Arguments Advanced at Home.
11THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 19, 1900.
12
SAX FIIAXCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of Th« San Francisco
Call, comer of Market and Third streets, open
UBtfl „ o'clock every night In the year.
P.RANCH OFKICF.S— C27 Montgomery street.
ccm»r Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
C"0 Hayes street; open until 9:80 p. m.
C^S McAllister street; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
Cl.i Larkin street: open until 9:30 p. m.
l'-41 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
C2C1 Market street, comer Sixteenth; open
until 8 p. m.
Ifif Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
I09S Valencia street: open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenl y-secend and Ken-
lucky streets; open until 8 p. m.
CB-Vtcn si:n vices.
me^tlnpS in pioneer
ILtlL Fourth St.. ner.r Market, Thursday, Fri-
day ar.d Saturday. October IS to 20. at 10 a.
• in. 2:30 ar.d 7:45 p. m.; Sunday, October 2L
7:30 and 7:4S p. in. A variety of Scripture
rubjects dlscuss-ed. Addresses. Bible r«— dings.
Gospel preaching, etc Undenominational.
Seat? fr>->e. Come. Bring your Bible.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. 1. K. __
7 . No E Pott St.— Regular assembly 'tfJd*
THIS (FRIDAY) KVKNING. All fra- ?fl
ters eourteous!y Invited. My order of >*>|jS
HIRAM T. GTIAVHS. Recorder.
A IiHGt'LAR meeting of Yerba Buena
Lodge of Perfection No. 1. A. and A.. -g
Scottish Rite of Freemasonry, will be f\
held In Chapter Hall. Masonic Temple. /_\
en FRIDAY EVENING. October 13. <_-_£»
ISOQ, at 8 o'clock. Fourth Degree.
HENRY BURNER, Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lofljre No. 1, F. and A. m
M.. win meet THIS (FRIDAY) EVEN- __|V_
ING. Oct ber 19. at 7. SO o'clock. *c-)tJC
t r.d Degree. By order of the Master. • '
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
APOLLO Lodge No. 123. I. O. O. F. < zS t r^bnr
— Me- trr« r.r.i v'.Fiiors cordially e _5__f3»_^
lr.vited THIS (FRIDAY) EVEN-
ING at 8 o'clock. Third (3d) De- WSs
grt-e by Apollo Lodge degree team.
HANDEL H. ZOBEL. N. G.
W. F. NORCROSS. Recording Secretary.
REGULAR meeting of the Caledon- v <3T>_
!ar. Club THIS (FRIDAY) EVEN- A CPWV
ITCG. at 8 o'clock, at Scottish Hall, "?____*
117 !., rk:r, et. Nominations of can- w_L~—»
<;:dates for fff.ce. G<w_ the club, "The
Future of Fan Francisco." by Clansman Col-
onel C. L. Taylor.
ANCTP McLEOD. Chief.
ANDREW MrNAm. Secretary.
ANNl'AL MFTETI NO— Regular annual meet-
ing of Etockholden of th«> KILAUEA SUGAR
PLANTATION CO. will h-=> held at the offlre
r>f the C'.mjftny. No. 227 Market Ft.. San
Francisco. California, on VT_DN_SDAY.
the "4th day of October, I?™, at 11 o'clock
a m.. f^r the purpose of electing a board
of directors to serve for th» ensuing year
and the transaction of such other buciness as
rea»v come- tv?fr>re ihe meeting. Transfer books
cJose on Saturday. October 13. at 12 o'clock m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
AGEXTS WANTED.
TO handle Roblnpcn's Thermal Bath Cabinet.
Pacific Agents' Supply Co., 1220 Treat ave.
AGENTS— La<5y or gentlemen: big commissions.
PROF. HAt'SSLER'S Photo Studio. 1418 Mkt.
AsniALTlSI ItOOFlXO.
J PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks; cellar
'f.^r<Tf la'.d. repaired : postal. 1156 Mission st.
ASTKOLOCV.
DR. C. T. TAYLOR, scientific astrologer: call
for free copy "The New Moon." 753 Market.
X51E. HICKET— Aetrolcglet; horoscopes. 50c;
card reading ami palmistry. _5c. 1S33 Mission.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
R. W. KING, attorney at law. S27 Market St.,
room C27— E«atrs. damages, attachments,
bankruptcy, collection?; all cases: fair fees;
no advance charge?; money loaned on estates.
ADVICE frw: divorce law a specialty: private:
no fee without success: collections. G. W.
KO'WE. atty at law, too Market, cor. Stockton.
X. En\V. JARRETT, Hearst bldg.. Third and
Market ets.; i.hcne Red 52C2.
FREE advice; divorce laws, damages, estates.
collections. J. A. Mitchell. 314 Montgomery.
ADVICE free; no charge unless puccessful. W.
\V. I>_vidson, S-rT Market St.. opp. Mason.
L S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket Ft.: coriFultatlon free; no fees In advance
BATH CABIXKTS.
ROBINPON J5. 4-panel folding: door opens; firm
and safe. \V. S. BROWS'. g*n. agt.. 426 Ellis.
IIOARUINU FOR CHILDREN.
LAPY would like a child to board In good
home. PI South Park.
Bcsuness chances.
A— $400— CORNER saloon in wholesale district;
rent 150; good paying business.
A JIDOO sr.loon in wholesale and manufactur-
ing district; duing an AI paying business; mer-
cantile lunch; a splendid offer. Call R. G.
VILICE. 2CVi Keamy st.
LADY or cntleraan with business ability to
bay intert-ft In medicine business: experience
not nee«««Fary. Call R. G. WILKE, iC 1^
Kearrj- st.
ATTENTION. RESTAURANT MEN!
A— I.'.V'O; caf* with long leace. close to Mar-
ket and Powell sts.; surrounded by theaters,
and doir.;j a rushing business-; customers and
tirices first-class; private dining rooms, with
"acies" entrances; sickness compels owner to
leave th- i-ity. Particulars R. O. WILICE.
2C4.Kfamy st.
A— f9M: BUTCHER shop, with horse and cart.
In b«»st K-cation of Western Addition; place
tftabli^ht-d for years and doing a first-class
busings; a pplendl- chance for any man.
Call R. G. WILKE. 2C4 Kearny Ft.
A-S4M: BOTCH— R shop on Valencia st. :
monthly receipts about J1I00; selling 4 cattle
per »-***: low rent; cood business. Call R.
G. WILKE. M'j Kearny Et.
W'ANTED-Steady man to take half Interest In
commission business: $150 required. Mc-
LA UGH LIN & CO.. 777', Market Bt.
$3ro— PARTNER In old-established office busl-
nes?, clearing J", to $l«i a month to each; no
«"xr>**ri*nce roquij^d. LANE. SC5 Market st.
FOR sale— Z mining claims, engine- and mill:
plenty w.«M and water; Shasta. County. W.
H-, 412 Commercial st.
WANTED— Man with some ready cash to loan
Ol cs partner in manufacture of" first-clas« au-
tomobile. Box 3S0S. Call office.
K3W-HALF Interest In old-established busi-
r.ess. Iiox 2GJ3, Call.
AN old established jewelry store for sale cheap
va account of illness. Box 7.6C8. Call office.
FOR Fa!*— Hilf or whole Interest In a good
money-maker; w.,uld prefer to hold half In-
tercut: mu*t se'.l; some ca*=h and balance can
be paid out of th* profits; $1500 worth of utock
on hand; g'Kxl fnr lady or gentleman: will
Etand investigation. _". I. CO., 216 Market
tt., rorim M,
A— <X>AL. wood, hay and grsur.: fine paying
business; good corner; cheap rent; 3 horse*;
3 wagcni, hirne— a, *-tc ; everything first-
clai-»; must fWI; n.ake offer. Lane, 865 Mrkt,
fir-00 fcr a well paying grocery and saloon: all
cash trade; no IxKik business; doing business
clx-ut flP'O a rr.or.th; cheap rent and 5 years'
'.ease. Inquire Call office.
%2Zt^— LIQUOR store for sale; Investigation In-
vited: good reasons: term* to suit purohaser-
no agents; an opportunity fcr two good men.
Addrws box 3C23, Call.
R!:. C TAURANT and fcakory in a 'prosperous
town near city: receipts large; good prices:
a m»»raJ offer will b»- made to those meaning
business; must be Bold. Lane & Co.. &65 Mkt.
A-RESTAURANT at 148 Fifth St.. doing good
buvlr.f-Bs; the cause of sale sickness; good
charge for man and wife. *
A PROFITABLE manufacturing business for
tale; small capital required. Call at 116 Sec-
ond ft., third floor, rm. 1. and Investigate.
FOR Bal« — CSood-paying restaurant with living
room; Fuitable for couple; no agents- trial
Zivcn. 61? Sacramento st.
VALUABLES Canadian patent; lrcn; business
for iife: absolute control; fortune to buyers
Box 3C«4. Cail offlce.
H'iO— SALOON with 2 living rooms; cause ol
sale, other buslnew. Apply at saloon. Hi
Fifth st.
14-ROOM house: newly furnished: always full-
gas. bath. 746 Howard st.
J4.V>— CORNER SToeery and bar; well situated;
living rooms. Inquire i3CS Folsom st.
WANTED- S6OG or »1200 on paper route: wont
tSGCO; will pay S or 9 per cent. Box 361S. Call.
GOOD busings chance; _ay saloon; rent cheep
G. W. GltAMS. 200 Clay; wholesale district.
FOR rent— Blacksmith shop, and also wlsbei
to s^ll the tools. 1504 Vallejo st,
FALOON for sale: opposite the ferry. Appl)
111 Eaat et.. north of Market; no -gents.
FOR »_l^— Laundry route paying $&) pel
month; $400. Box «745. Call offlce
CIGAR store for Bale reasonable: rood locality
Call «.t 28 Eddy st.
liAKERS- Bakery for sale: bargain. NW. cor
ner Twenty-fourth and Guerrero sta.
A SNAP— Coffee and chop house; rheumatlsn
compel* eale at once. OS Eighth at.
FOR sale — Grorery and bar doing a good busl-
__s. Call or addrees SI Cedar ave.: no agents.
' PPSIXESS CHAXCES — CONTINUED.
A — 17600; CLEAR, city property to exchang* for
merchandise. COWING & CO.. 719 Market.
A— LIVERY and boarding stable; park loca-
tion; good chance. Cowing _ Co.. 7 19 "Market.
A BUTCHER shop: first-class location: good
prices; bargain. COWING & CO.. 719 Market.
A PLUMBING Ebop; fine location; snap for
good man. COWING _ CO.. 719 Market Et.
A CORNER grocery and bar; big stock; all
fresh goods; sickness. Cowing & Co.. 719 Mkt.
A— RESTAURANT In best part of city; must
be sold this day. COWING. 719 Market 6t.
A — HOTEL; best location; money maker; call
at once. COWINtS & CO.. 719 Market st.
A— CORNER faloon; good location; this is a
_ bargain. COWING & CO.. 719 Market st.
A— ROOMING house; north Market: fine loca-
tion; clears $75 month. COWING. 719 Market.
A— GROCERY etore; fine location; receipts $150
day: positive bargain. Cowing & Co.. 719 Mkt.
I A EINE wholesale and retail fruit business;
j bargain. COWING & CO.. 719 Market st.
IN Oakland-Cigar, notion and periodical stand;
well established: best location: suitable for
mar. and wife. Box 2037. Call office. Oakland.
BLOCK of American Oil Company stock for
rale or exchange; cheap; make an offer.
FOWLER & CO., 1413 Call building.
FOR sale, below cost, the Burgess Planing
Mill; easy terms. M5 Brannan st.
FOR SALE— Grocery and bakery; corner store;
rent $15. &51 Natoma si
A BRANCH .office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036
Valencia st.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
6S ROOMS, corner. $4000: 50 rooms J4000
96 rooms, corner, new furniture 6000
65 rooms; apartment house | 3300
40-room hotel In the Mission ,...$2aOO
22 rooms. Ellis st.. near Hyde; bargain.
10 rooms; Ellis st.; bargain jwO
4 rooms. OFarrell st 3^
12 rooms, Geary st •• •• *w
Will loan you money at m to buy a house.
DAVIS &. RIVES, room 69, S16 Markst st
11 ROOMS; rent $27; Income 175 $450
15 rooms; 1 floor; oak furniture; full SaO
IS rooms; central; clears $S5 month 600
»0 rooms; apartments; paying; no work.. IjOj
50 rooms; clean: _ew; clears 0150 month- 3000
30 rooms; rent J100; Income 1229 month... L00
209 more. Please call. MONEY TO LOAN.
M. GRIFFIN, 719 Market St.. room 1.
9-ROOM flat: central; no r^as'ble offer refused.
10 rooms; Turk St.; must eell to-day $aO0
12 rooms; veiy convenient; to-day only.... 250
15 rooms; O'Farrell st; only 650
! 32 43 SOL 64, 9S rooms. We have several select
bcanilig-hcupes for sale cheap. Call and get
i a list. HAYES & WILSON, 83S Market st.
; <The Elite).
I 14 ROOMS; best paying house north of Market.
1 30 rooms; good transient house.
! IS rooms; rent $33; price only $500
83 rooms; corner; a bargain.
69 rooms: a bargain $4000
EMERY, 3 Eddy St.; phone Mint 1016. '
j LODGING-HOUSE buyers, attention— Houj-cs
j at reduced prices; genuine bargains, sizes
I and location to suit; money loaned.
' SCHWEINHARD & CO.. 917 Market St., bet.
j Fifth and Sixth, phone 1911.
I A— 22-ROOM rooming* house; central $1000
! 20-room house: first oJass 1050
11-room house; 1475; 6-room flat 325 !
20-room house: Eddy; rent $75; only 900 !
FISHER & CO.. 1032 Market st. j
! APARTMENT house— 18 rms., well furn.: gas I
I etoves; water free; always full. 622 G. G. ave. 1
j NICELY furnished 15-room. house: cheap rent;
I easy tertm. or cheap for cash. 742 O' Fan-ell.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for II.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
i ALL kinds of wagons. biigKies. carts, harness.
: etc. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st. :
1 AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light ]
: camping wagonl for sale, cheap. 532 Mission.
I NEW & Id-hand wagons, buggfes. carts & har-
ness, work & driving horses. 15th _: Valencia,
SPIRITUALISM.
! ARRIVED— Mrs. Dr. Farnham, world-renowned
i spiritual medium; advice in all affairs of life,
lawsuits, divorces, deaths; unites the sepa-
rated; mining a specialty; clrs.Sun..Wed..Frl.
ev't; come and be convinced. (Permanently)
513 Eddy St.. bet. Hyde and Larkln: no sign.
I >IRS HARRISON, spirit medium: sittings
I daily: this week only: 2r,c. 5i>c. SI; circle Sun-
I day "evening; 10c SIS Mission st. I
i MRS. HARLAND'S circle to-night; grand tests. >
j 10c; prophetic readings; 50c, Jl. 14S Sixth st.
' MRS KOTTER. 84" Sixth et.. circle to-day. 2 &
I g p. m.; l"c; sittings dally; «.. $1: L.. 50c.
j ATTEND Mme. Marquise'? convincing test cir-
i cl- to-night at 8: l»e. 5 Hyde at. ; read, dally.
i PROF. GEE. medium— Startling tests; circles
every night. l"c; readings. 50c. $1. 14S 6th. j
', ATTEND Mrs. Dunham's circle of truth: 2. 8
; p. m. 14 McAllister St.. rm. 33; admission 10c.
i MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium,
i hf-aler and card reader. 132 Sixth St., room 1.
i "CONSULT WATSON," 15S1 Market, nr. 12th;
"professional" palmist and medium: 25c, 50c
j SANTA TERESA, the Mexican healer, at 1610 j
I California Et.
i FRIENDSHIP Hall. 2.15 McAllister-Mrs. C. J.
Meyer, sit. daily; convinc'g tests to-night; 10c.
! MP.S. J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, busi-
ness medium, life render: slttlnew $1. 1104 Mkt.
t ' '
CL.AIIIVOYANTS.
i MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
! reader, born with double veil & second sight,
! diagnoses disease with life reading: ladles 1
; S0c. gent SI; palm _ clalr. sit. $1 50. 12G Turk. I
j MME. BERNARD, reads life fluently; advice
1 given in all affairs In life; patlsfactlon guar-
' anteed; 25c up. 17 Third Ft., next Examiner.
1 JUST returned. MRS. E. L. DAVIS, clalrvoy-
i ant. card reader; mental questions answered;
1 ladies, 2tc: gents, COc. 34 Sixth st., room 6.
j ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 114S Mark»t, opp.
I 6th; private readings daily, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MRS. E. SANDERS. 514 Taylor Ft., near Gear/
—Clairvoyant, palmist and business medium:
ladies' circle Thurs.. 2 p. m. ; Fri. 8: cir. 25c-
: MME. A. CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
i fortune teller, gives best advice in difficult \
matters. 19 Fulton Bt.. near Larkin. :
: MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
! fittings dally. 44SV» Jessie st.
i MRS. CAMERON, card reader, medium: 25c up.
j S23 Mission st.; don't forget number; ring bell.
i ZEMDAR. young, gifted clalr., card reader;
I names given; 10 to S. 3 Fulton St.. r. 29-30.
i MRS. MELVILLE, well-known clairvoyant, wa-
I t*r reader, moved to 11 Sixth; German spoken.
i MME. BAKER, card reader and palmist, room
I 15. third floor. 1429 Mission St.; no sign.
j CLAIRVOYANT, mineral psychometric t, palm-
ist and card reading. 20c. 1241^ Market st.
I MME. ZEREDA. the gypsy, is the great palm-
| 1st and c_rd reader: 2f>c. 7 Seventh: no sign.
i MRS. E. M. DUVAL. clairvoyant and business
• medium. 4?3 Golden Gate ave.
! MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader: past.
I present, future. 25c. 148 Sixth st.. room 14.
! MME, AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry: truth or no pay: 23c. 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice: inrew given: 25c up. S Fourth at.
CARPET nEATIXG AXD CLEANING.
1 STANDARD. 313 Guerrero— Curtains and blan-
kets renovated. 25c per pair: carpet* cleaned.
3c yd.; laying a specialty. Phone Mission 106.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
Ing Works. 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
CARPETS cleaned «t 3c per yard, laid at 5c.
ETRATTON'S. 3 Eighth st.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carp*t-Beatlng and Reno-
; vatlng Co., 240 Fourteenth St.; tel. Mission 74.
i CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. O. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 38-40 8th st; tel. South 200.
1 ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
. teL Main 294. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
¦ CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 333 Golden
! Gate avenue: telephone Kast 126.
I '
CHIROPODISTS. \
BUNIONS, Ingrown nails, corns, absolute cure,
painless iconsult'n free. Dr. Duncan, 415 Sutter.
' COLLECTION OFF1CBS.
' GEORGE V*'. KELLTS Agency— No charge un-
• less successful. Room 210, 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
» A— COTTAGE. 4 sunny rooms; "yard. KejT'ciJ
Second st., near Mall Dock.
' $10 — COTTAGE 3 sunny rooms; yard; water.
134 Rose ave.. between Gough and Octavla.
r DRESSMAKERS AMI SEAMSTRESSES
. FAIRFIELD'S Millinery Academy; call & ex-
amine work; send for circular. 1236 Market.
- ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
ing. pinking. 121 Poet. overO'Connor&MofTatt.
1 McDowell Dressmaking and Millinery School;
private class; patterns cut 1019 Market »t.
- S. F. Dreesmaklng. Ladles' Tailoring and Mil-
linery Schcoi: French system. 411 Van Ness.
DENTISTS.
AT the _LECTRO"-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket tt, cor 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 tO up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
flce hours-, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays. 9 to 2
p. m. O. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my won-
derful secret, painless method; 20 years ex-
perience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 OFarrell st.
A NEW. plate, the unbreakable Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns and bridge-
work; teeth without a plate;, fillings. SOe;
crowns. $3 SO; plates, full set. *5 00; all work
painless and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
loi-s, 24 Sixth St.
"MAIN Office" New York Dental Parlors. 1013
Market st.. bet. Sixth and Seventh; consult
us on crowns and bridges; teeth extracted
positively and absolutely without pain.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made;' old plates made over like new; teeth
from JS^per set; extracting, uOc; gas given.
LOWEST prices charged for conscientious work
executed by graduate dentists at Standard
I Dental Parlors, r. 54. Murphy bldg.. 1236 Mkt.
DR. WALSH. S15% Geary, nr. I_irkin— Painless
extraction Me; platPs $5 up; tel. Polk 1135.
LOWEST prices In S. V. ; painless extraction,
60c. New York Dentists. 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
PARIS Dental Parlor. 233 Kearny. cor. Bush —
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns, $3; fillings. tSc.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st.. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. a. TOUNO,
1S41 Polk st.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. BUZARD'S dog hospital. Post, FlUmore —
Advice and medicine, 76c; city visits, $1 50; all
animals treated; dogs boarded. Tel. West C33.
DR. Creely's C. P. mange cure and worm pills,
by druggists or at hospital. 510 Golden Gate av.
EDUCATIONAL.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.: day
and evening; Individual instruction. JS per
month; life scholarship, $50; bookkeeping,
Bhorthand, telegraphy, etc. ; just added 25 new
typewriters: commercial department enlarged
and Is the best In S. F. : catalogue free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott Bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand; reportorlal phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping; full course $30; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Poet et..
S. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
and night sessions; new SO- page catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
Echool for the university, law and medical
colleges; references!. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor, Phelan building.
AN experienced lady vocalist of European ad-
vantages desires to exchange lessons for room
In central location. Address box 3C35, Call.
SPANISH classes day and evening. 305 Larkin
St., cor. McAllister; 4 lessons a week, $3 a
month; also private. PROF. F. M. VIZCAINO.
BOOKKEEPING, free trial; private lessons; 8
mos. in college net equal to S wks. with me,
I 125. TARR. expert accnt.. 220 Parrott bldg.
MISS M. G. BARRETT, Shorthand Academy;
lessons by mail; acknowledged by official re-
porters best teacher, best system. 302 Montcy.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BCSI-
NESS COLLEGE, 1236 Market st
ENGINEERING, civil, elec.. mining, mech.Bur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch.; day,, eve.; est. 1S64
VAN DER NAILLKN SCHOOL, 933 Market.
SPANISH. Frfnc.h. German, singing, piano, $2
mo.; hours, 2-4, 6-8. 1236 Market, rms. 119-117.
MUNSON School Shorthand. Typing, Dookkeep-
lng. Spanish. 137 Mont'y. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
j MR. and MRS. D. MANSFIELD; music studio;
violin, guitar, mandolin, banjo. 1S36 Eddy st.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— Night class. 424 Pine St.
FRENCH. Spanish. etc. Prof. DeFllippe'sAcademy
of Langua.ges.320PoM; estab. 1S71; ablest prof6.
CALIFORNIA. Business College is again en-
larging quarters. Come see us. 305 Larkin st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeplnp. grammar writing,
eto.. day or eve.: $3 mo. 1C24 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE and Chtnree employment con-
tractor; estab. over 10 years; all kinds holp.
421 Poft St., near Powell; Telephone Bush 135.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Offlce;
best help furn. Tel. John 2121. SWVi Stockton.
FRED WAMATS, Japanese. Chinese contractor;
emp. offlce. 541 California; tel. James 2601.
RELIABLE Japane?e-Chlnr.«e employment of-
fice; all kinds held. 313 Stockton; Main 5189.
JAPANESE HousecleanlrgCo.— Walters, cooks,
dishwashers; est. 1890. 1026 Onk: tel. Page 547.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. office — Best help
furn.; domestic serv. 417 Powell; tel. Bush 370.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese, help. 426 Powell, nr.Sutter: tel. Black 5072.
I CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
liest help. 411H O'Farrell st. : tel. East 425.
I ' ¦ 1
EMPLOYMEXT WAXTED — FEMALE!.
GERMAN cook and helper want places to-
gether In hotel or boarding-house; city or
country; can do any kind of cooking. 212
Natoma st.,- basement. 1
GOOD laundrers wishes work by the day; also
to do housework; city references. Address
box M73, Call.
• YOl'NO Danish girl wants a place for light
housework: no children; no .postals. Call 7
D<? Boom St., opposite South Park.
SITUATION wanted by a girl of 16 to assist
In litht housowork or care for a child In a
small American family. 23S Day st.
LADY stenographer, experienced, who has her
own machine, dfslres position. Address box
3«3. Call offlce.
GERMAN woman wants to do washing and
ironing by the day. $1 10. €21 Ellis St.. up-
Etalrs.
WOMAN to do housework by the day or take
warning home.* Address MRS. DAVIS, 21
Falcn eve.
SITUATION by girl to cook and general house-
work. 330 Minna st.
WOMAN wants work by the day housecleanlng.
201 Thirteenth St., cor. Mission.
MIDDLE-AGED American lady would like sit-
uatlon us housekeeper: no objection to coun-
try; references. Address 1G30 Tenth ave.. Sun-
set district, city.
MAN and wife want positions to take charge
ot rentlenian's country place; references If
required. Box 3509, Call offlce.
POSI/TION as housekeeper by respectable wo-
man; no triflers. Box 3600, Call office.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 2i)0 rooms: 25c to $1 at) night. $1 60 to $<>
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH ofllce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
EMPLOVJtE.NT WANTED MAL_!
ENGLISHMAN (age 20) of good education and
address, with 10 years' business experience,
seeks responsible position where energy and
tact will be required and lead to promotion;
excellent references and security If required.
Box 3E71. Call offlce.
STENOGRAPHER— Young man of experience
desires position in S. F. ; reliable; asst. book-
keeper; law offlce preferred; references; state
particulars and salary. G. W. McCLOUD,
Stockton.
EXPERIENCED young man from the East,
eober and Industrious, wants position as man
of all work; 7 years last place; best of ret.;
can take entire charge garden, plumbing, etc.
DANIEL FIBLKORN. 28 Seventh Bt.
A YOUNG man. bookkeeper and typewriter: six
years' experience In busy office; references.
Address box 3670. Call offlce.
COOK wants work; a good careful cook; or
would go as second cook. T. SMITH, -318
Minna st.
PRACTICAL nurse or valet wants position;
steady and strictly sober. 699 Polk st.
A GERMAN grocery clerk and barkeeper
wishes a situation; first-class references. W.
BOH LINO, 417 Kearny St.
COMPETENT man around private place to
take care of horses, garden; handy with tools;
is a good driver. Box 2727. Call.
ENGINEER and all-around handy man with
machinery wishes position; city reference.
Box 405, San Rafael.
FIRST-CLASS bread and cake baker wishes
situation. Call box 8694. Call.
SOBER cook wants position In restaurant. Ap-
ply 237 Third st.
GARDENER. German, wishes situation; would
; prefer to work In a lyirsery. Box 36S7, Call.
GERMAN and wife wish positions on ranch or
private residence; man to do general work
around ranch, woman as cook; best of ref-
erences. Address box 3625, Call offlce.
COMPETENT double entry bookkeeper desires
position; city or country. Address box SC21,
Call office. ¦
JAPANESE boy wants situation at any kind of
work. Please call at J. Y. M. C. A., 121
Half ht st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
SOBER American, thorough In all details,
wants situation in hotel or restaurant. Box
3622, Call offlce. '
WANTED— A situation by a cook in hotel, res-
taurant or boarding-house. Call 62 Second st.
room 14. ¦
YOUNG man, slightly deaf, desires position as
choreman: city or country. Address J. C.
W.. 916 Wood St., West Oakland. /
FRENCH cook wishes situation In hotel or
coffee house. Address D. L., 27B Stevenson.
A THOROUGH dtygoods man. 26 years old,
speaking English, German, Spanish. Is look-
ing for suitable position. Care of W.
LOEWE. E20 Laguna st.
CHINESE boy desires situation as plain cook
In private family; wages $5 week. GEE OEP.
809 Dupont st. ¦ -
CHINESE desires situation as cook in Private
family; wages $30 to *35. ONG LIP. 800
Dupont st ,
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 FUImore.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109n \a-
l^ncla nt.
EXPERT OPTICIAN'S.
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
1ti«t»d. N. Mnnasse. oculist optician. 910 M<t.
FIXAXCIAL. ¦
IF you have stocks or bonds of any kind for
rsle call or address PACIFIC COAST UN-
DERWRITING CO.. S04 Parrctt building.
ANY one wanting to invest money in farm-1
Ing address box 964, Fresno. Cal.
FLATS TO LET;
FIVE sunny rooms and bath. 31H Do Long
ave.. near Waller st.
HAYES. 887H-A' flat. 3 rooms and bath and
yard; rent $8. * *
from BALDWIN* & HOWKLL. 10 Montgomery.
LOWER flat: 3 choice sunny rooms: pantry.
storeroom. 111. 2419 Clay St.. near FlUmore.
REED, 20—3 cozy rooms: rent $10. Apply 1325
Washington St., near Jones.
UPPF.R flat of 5 large rooms and bath; $10. 921
Shotwell Bt.
$11— FINE flat, 4 large rooms, bath; gas and
large yard. 392S Nineteenth st., between San-
chcz and Xoe: key upstairs.
$20— UPPER flat 5 rooms: 611 Washington St..
between Kearny and Montgomery; key in
store below. .
$7-4-ROOM flats on Victor st.. off Bryant, bet.
7th and Sth. Inquire at grocery. 941 Brvant.
FITRXITUHE FOR SALE.
rROOMS^TuTnTsheTln oak for J4S 50. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Mar-
ket st. : telephone South 637.
furniture: avaxted.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1125 Market St.; tel. Jessie 761.
A. WOLLPERT. 773~ Mission St.. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1254.
ALWAYS 'phone John 1041 before selling your
furniture. Standard Furn. Co.. 743 Mission.
Auctioneer— L.Vincent. 1305 Larkin; tel Polk 69 «.
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.). buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission; tel. Red 3353.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
cT^r^LO?S^N^_r^o7?np"llo7rE^G~R^NT"l83
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Waitress, Salt Lake, $20; waitress, Lathrop,
$20; waitress, Fresno, $20; 2 waitresses, Berke-
ley, $20; chambermaid to wait, springs, $20,
steady place, see party here 10 a. m. ; wait-
ress, city, $20; 4 chambermaids to wait, coun-
try, $20. fares paid; woman cook, small coun-
try hotel, $30, eee party here 10 a. m., fare
pa'd; waitress, Selma, ?20, see party here,
fair paid; 2 laundresses, same hotel, $23. nnd
many others; 2 chambermaids, city. $17 JO
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Woman who can speak Italian as housekeeper
for Italian family, country, $lo; ccok for
college boys, $25. and helper, $12; cook for
men. -country, see party here; cook, country,
$30: houseglrls, second Rirls, nurseglrls; house-
' girl very choice place, country, see party
here. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
A GOVERNESS to go to Mexico; state salary,
references. Address W. LOAIZA & CO., 216
Fansome at.
WANTED — A good cook; general housework:
K-ood wages to the right party. Apply at 335
Pest St., bet. S and 11 a. m.
PROTESTANT girl to nsslst In general house-
work: Ploln cooking; wa«?es $15. Call at 231
Dolores Et.
GIRL for general housework; country; wages
$20. Call between 9 and 10 a. m. at St. Nicho-
las Hotel, room 225.
EXPERIENCED sheepskin nnd driving glove-
makers. F. G. Conklln & Co.. 413 Sacramento.
OPERATORS on Infants' wear; wages $8 to $10;
electric power. Cala. Underwear Co., 1033 Mkt.
CHAMBERMAID wanted at 321 Ellis St.; Rose-
dale.
GIRL to do good cooking and general house-
work: good wages, 138 Twelfth st.
FIRST-CLAPS ladies' tallores.- and finisher; la-
dles' units. A. KAHN. 142 Geary st.
EXPERIENCED hand for body lroner; short
hours. 2ol Jessie ft., near Fourth. .
WANTED— Experienced crockery saleslady;
give references. Box S678. Call offlce.
LADIES to solicit for novelty corset; salary and
commission. A. L.. box 3680. Call ofllce.
WOMAN to do waphlnc. 1 Scott Et.
FIRST-CLASS waitress; no other need apply;
$5 per week. 416 Hayes st.
WANTED— A girl for light housework. Apply
3002 Sixteenth St., near Mission.
YOUNG girl for light housework; must sleep
at home. Inquire at 93S',4 Guerrero st.
GIRL for general housework; easy place; 3
adults; $15; German preferred. 723 McAllister.
WANTED— A tal'.oregs at 164 Jebsle st.
YOUNG German girl to assist In light house-
work; no washing. 691 McAllister st.
CROCKERY Falewoman wanted; must be ex-
perienced and understand crockery and
kitchen ware. Inquire for Mr. Hudson. ODly
bet. 8 and 9 a. m. at Sterling Furniture Co.
CLOAK and dressmakers that are used to
alterations wanted at KELLY & LIEBES'.
120 Kearny st.
LITTLE girl for light housework, mind baby;
wages $7. 1722 Devlsadero St., near Sutter.
WANTED— A girl for light housework; wages
$13. 2«08 Twenty-fourth St.
WANTED- An experienced finisher on ladles'
tailoring. 521 Post Bt.
APPRENTICES and an errand girl In millinery
store fit 692 McAllister st.
EXPERIENCED upholsterers at once.' 473
Halsht st.
WANTED— A woman, to do plain sewing at
home. 110 Berry St.. between 3d and 4th.
A CITY firm desires a middle-aged woman of
strong personality to travel. Box 3619. Call.
WANTK.O— Women nnd glrlJi to work on fruit.
1731 Folsom ft., between 13th and 14th.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received Rt Call branch offlce. 2200 FlUmore Bt.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 \ a-
lencla »t. __________________
HELP WAKTED-MALE.
A^-WANTED ...............
Driver for milk wagon, $35 and found: far-
mer and wife, see boss here, $40; 2 pruners,
see boss here. |2C: cook for stock ranch. J25:
second cook, hotel. $33; cook for steamboat,
|40; neat, husky porter, $6 a week and In-
crease; man to frame mining timbers, $2 a
day; middle-aged Catholic for Infirmary, $15
and found: woodchopper, stove wood, S- a
cord. W. D. EWER & CO., G10 Clay st.
A-15 CARPENTERS, 20 cabinet makers. 2
painters. 18 bench hands, 3 sticker hands 2
sash and door men at Mechanics' Registration
Bureau 410 Keamy St., room 9. Non-union
mechanics please register; no office fees.
BARBERS' Progressive Union-Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jesslo 152.
W ANTED— Young man to drive package dellv-
ery wagon; must 'be experienced and familiar
with driving; give references and wages ex-
pectcd. Box 3674. Call offlce. ¦
WANTED— Competent retail crockery sales-
man; give references. Box 3676. Call offlce.
GOOD eoatmaker wanted on custom coats. 106
¦ Batten- et.
COATMAK.ER and pants and vest maker for
¦ country. Apply REISS BRO3., 24 Sutter st.
PRESSER at the California Clothing Reno-
vatory. 116 Geary st.
CARRIAGE painter wanted fit O'BRIEN _e
SON'S. Golden Gate ave. and Polk st.
WANTED— Strong boy' or young man to help
In bakery; $4 a week. 82 Sixth Bt.
EXPERIENCED knife cutter on ladles' under-
wear. 723 Market St., room 33.
YOUNG man wanted to lea/n the barber trad*;
easy terms. 713 Mission st.
GROCERY clerk wanted. IS to 22 years of age.
1S22 Waller St., cor. Shrader.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
A— MURRAY & READT Phone Main 5S4S
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
WANT— 7 A. M.— TO-DAT
Carpenter for the mines 175
6 single hand miners $60
126 laborers, different places In city and coun-
try, S2 25. $2. $1 75 day. $35, J30. 128 and found
48 teamsters, . sand scrapers, wagons, etc.. $2
and Jl 75 day, $35, |30, 140, $20 and found....
36 plow teamsters 135. $30, $26 an_,found
35 general ranch, and orchard hands
..$26 and found
12 milkers and butter makers JSO and found
3 coachmen gardeners $30, $35 and found
6 ehoremen and boys.... $23, $20, $15, $10 and fd
3 farmers and wives $40 and found
6 drillers 16 lumber pliers 460
Carriage painter Harness maker
4 blacksmiths; blacksmith's helper, country
shop. Also hundreds of Jobs not advertised.
Come and see
MURRAY & READY.
634 and 636 Clay st.
A-COATMAKER, country $15 to $20 week
Baker for the mines $40 to $45 and found
Cook for hospital $40 and found
26 cooks J30. $40, $35, $30 and found
IS waiters $35. $30, $25 and found
Markers for laundry
12 laundrymen, butchers, porters. MURRAY
& READY. 634 and G36 Clay st.
A ~ c - R - HANSEN & CO 104 Geary St.
oO teamsters, R. R. work. Nevada $2 00
50 laborers, R. R. work, Nevada 2 00
4 stonemasons, R. R. work 3 50
Stonemason foreman, R. R. work 4 50.
Free fare. Ship dally. Free fare.
6 stablemen, city and country, $25 to $30 and
found; buttermaker and milker. $35 and found
Farmer and wife $10
Ranch blacksmith ; $45
Blacksmith, country shop $40
1 2 R. R. section hands $160 a day 1
Cooks, waiters, porters, bell boys and bakers-
helpers, dishwashers and potwashers; broiler,
$£0, and extra fry cook, country hotel, ?2 50
a day. : ;
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary St. |
WANTED— Experienced crockery man, one
competent to act as order clerk and take
charge c* department; give experience and
references. Box 3675. Call offlce. !
YOUNG man; learn Illustrating by mall; tui-
tion payable 60 days after position Is secured
paying at least $13 a week. Correspondence
Institute of America, Scrantcn. Pa.
WANTED— Tin and sbeetiron workers. Apply
Pacific Sheet Metal Works, Seventh and
Townsend sts.
STRONG, active young man, 19, wants posi-
tion In book or general merchandise etore
in country. Pox 36S1, Call office,
WANTED— Retail salesman familiar with the
grocery business; give references. Box 3677.
Call offlce.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday.
132 Pacific et.
GOOD barber wanted; steady position right
man. 109 Sixth st.. near Mission.
BARBER for Saturday. S3 Third st.
BARBER for Saturday at 1211 Market st;
' wages.
BARBER wanted for Wednesday evening. Sat-
urday and Sunday. 556 Fourth st.
ASSISTANT electrical engineer, $8Oo! Flsk
Teachers' Agency. 420 Parrott bids.
SMART boy for offlce, $15 and board. Apply
own handwriting. Box 3634, Call offlce.
NIGHT clerk, lodglnc-house. 43 East st.
WANTED— Man to run dumb waiter; $20 a
month and found. Box 3686, Call offlce.
YOUNG man for grocery and saloon. 71S
Greenwich st., near Montcromery ave.
WANTED— A dishwasher at 2723 Sutter St.,
Andrews' Restaurant.
LUNCH waiter wanted. 223 Brannan st.
WANTED— Man to work on cakes. 123 Tay-
lor st.
PLUMBER wanted. 723 McAllister st.
WANTED— Young man as a confectionery
helper. 33S Third at.
I LARGE bey \vnnted, 13 to 17 years, $3 a week.
L. LJBMOS. 1117 Market St.
¦ WANTED — Young finisher for sidewalks;
steady work. Address box 2040. Call. Oakland.
BOOTBLACK for country; wages $10: Italian
I t>rf-ferrt-d. Apply II. BERNARD, 104 7th St.
! TAILOR wanted at 2212 FlUmore St., betwetn
j Sacramento and Clay.
S MEN wanted for the United States Navy— Ma-
i chlnlets, first class, age 21 to S3, pay pT
] month," $r.5; machinists, second class, age 21
I to 85, ray por month, $49; electricians, third
I class, ago 21 to 35, pay per month $30; ship-
wrights (carpenters), age 21 to 35. pay per
month. $25; seamen, age 21 to 33, pay per
month, $?4; ordinary seamen, age IS to 30.
pay per month. 119; landsmen, age 13 to 23,
pay per month, $16; apprentices, third clas«.
nge 15 to 17, pay ppr month. J9. All candi-
dates for enlistment must pass a physical ex-
amination showing their, to b<> free from dls-
cuallfylns ailments. Machinists must pas*
an examination showing them to be ma-
chinists by trade. Electricians must pass a
I practical examination In electricity, espe-
| dally on !h« handling of electrical machines.
Shlowrlchts must be carpenters by tra<l<*.
Seamen ami ordinary senmen mu*t pass an
examination In seamanship. Landsmen and
apprentices will be required to pass the phys-
ical examination only. The term of enlist-
ment Is for four yrars. Should a man re-en-
Hst within a period of four months from tho
date of honorable discharge h» will receive a
j bonus of four months' pay and an addition
j to hts monthly pay of $1 36 for «>ach re-enllst-
j ment. Motions, medicines and medical at-
j tendanfe are furnished gratis in addition to
: pay. Privilege of retirement after thirty
years' service on three-quarters of the pay
received at. date of retirement. It Is the de-
rlre of the Navy Department to obtain a
lar^p number of able-bodied Americans for
the navy, who will bo given every opportunity
for advancement as soon as they are qualified
for the higher rating?. The early completion
of d number of fine ships for th«* navy will
make a large Increase In the enlisted force
necessary, and this will cause a correspond-
ing large ln<-ren.«e In the number of petty offi-
cer", who will b*» advanced from the lower
ratings. Recruttn who .may be accepted will
be assigned to a I?. S. war vessel: appren-
tices t o the naval training station. Pan Fran-
cisco. Cal. Applications should be made at
tho U. S. Naval Recruiting Rendezvous, cor-
ner of Mnrket and East streets, San Fran-
cisro. Cal.
i WANTED— A place to stop for the winter— This
! can be found at the Adams House, 519 Sacra-
mt-nto st.. near Montgomery: one of the few
respectable houses where countrymen coming
to the city can find nice, clean, cheap, well-
• ventllatPd rooms. A. McCREERY. Prop.
WK want' 10 honest. Industrious men to solicit
In city and country; experience not necessary;
we teach you the business: good contracts for
sober men willing to work. White Sewing
Machine Co., 300 Post Bt., cor. Stockton.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only eight
weeks required : positions guaranteed: special
lnducprnents: catalogue and map of city free.
MOLBR'S BARBER COLLEGE, C33 Clay st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor. Ktlll
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 larg<5
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— Experienced salesman for trimming
and lace department. Address O. L., bust*
3f,?3. Cnll offlre.
WANTED — A young man to help in grocery
and coal yard and drive delivery wagon. US
Sixth st.
PENSIONS— J. H. Shepard & Co.. old. reliable
firm, 80S Market, rm. 40. Phelan bldg.: pen-
sion vouchers executed, 23c; advice free.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. £62 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
2-CHAIR shop doing from $30 to J33 per week;
this Is a bargain and must be sold at once.
Bex 3637, Call office.
, EARBER shop for sale: good chance for mar-
ried man. Call 1096 Valencia st.
WANTED — Shoe treer on men's work. Went-
worth, Swltzer Shoe Co., 119 Pine st.
WANTED— Good eoatmaker to work inside;
J steady wcrk. 222 Kearny st.
WANTED — Sticker hand, furniture factory.
3071 Seventeenth st., near Folsom.
i WANTED— 100 men to take rooms, 10c. 15c and
20c. Boston House, 930 Howard st.
. COAT and vest makers wanted. Apply 11 a.
! m.. CHAS. LYONS, London Tailor.. 7i Mkt.
. GET your shoes half soled while waiting: 25c
, to 50c. S62 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
STOLTZ, barber supplies, removed from K0
; Market (basement) to 636 Market st., upstairs.
¦ GENTLEMEN'S suits to order. $1 per week, at
\ cash prices. N. Y. Tailoring Co.. 115 Kearny.
" SAILORS, ordinary seamen and' green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart.
• MEN and women to learn barber trade. S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE. 741A Howard st.
• PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer, 16
> ....years' practice; Examiner building.
• LINDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard-
Rooms, 15c to 25c night; 75c to $2 week.
• WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 25c night: reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
: A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109«
Valencia st. %
CHKAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16. pages, sent to any address In the
' United States or Canada one year for II.
; HEMORRHOIDS.
-~--_ -~.~-^~-~~-~~~~-~>- _^~~~~-.~_— ~- - -—¦¦¦___¦-
• PILES— 300 cures business men in Ban Fran-
cisco; can be seen; no operation: no pain; par-
ticulars sent. Ad. Physician, box 195Q, Call.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc—For Sale
MUST be sold; a big bargain: almost new mod-
ern victoria with pair of fine black horses;
' silver mounted harness a«d coachman's liv-
ery. Apply room 68. 1170 Market st., corner
Taylor.
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Mar_et.
327 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
10 HEAD of driving and working horses at
TOMKINSON'S Stables. 67 Minna St.. be-
tween First and Second.
FEED Manhattan food: keeps horses, cows,
poultry and dogs healthy. Utt Fotsom. 8. F.
HORSES WAXTEO. _^_
WANTED— Horses for delivery wagons. A B
C DELIVERY. 408 Tehama st.
HOUSES TO LET.
A^PRINTEd"lIST 'Houses ~to^ftTt^^ ' or cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEX & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
FIRST-CLASS furnished house. 7 rooms, bath:
laundry; basement; rurnace: electric and gas
lighting; good yard; lawn, shrubbery and
- good location. J. S. HANLEY. 1357 Park st.
BUSH, 1224— Sunny house of 8 rooms and bath;
rent J37 E0; water free; yard.
TO LET— 12-room residence, heaters and all
modern Improvements. 1114 O'Farrell st.
HOUSES WASTED.
¦WANTED— To lease, modern house. Western
Addition: 10 or 12 rooms. Box 3672. Call offlce.
LOST AXD FOtXD.
LOST— On Saturday evening, October 13, silver
mounted umbrella with the inscription R. E.
G. Finder will kindly return Bame to R. E.
GLEASON. 50S Montgomery St.; suitable re-
ward offered.
ROLL of plans and specifications (blue prints),
near Valencia-st. carhouse. Finder pleas-
return same to ALBERT SUTTON. architect,
¦ Safe Deposit building, and get a reward.
LOST— Pointer dog; year old; whlto with brown
ears. Return to 1570 Fulton st. or telephone
Drumm 65; suitable reward.
LOST— Between Polk St., Golden Gate ave. and
Eleventh and Mission st».. a pair of gold
bowed spectacles, satin case. Return to 10«
Eleventh st. and receive reward. *
LOST— Fox terrier puppy: white, brown spot on
back; name Plet on collar. Reward at 2101
Stelner st.
LOST— Small gold watch: Initial J. V. S. Re-
turn to MRS. P. H. CORDES. Gllroy. and
receive reward.
LOST— Between Alameda and S. F., Masonic
emblem with owner's name, A. F. A. CLAS-
SEN. Return to 10 Clay st.. S. F.. or 1435
Park St.. Alameda: reward.
LOST— McAllister St., purse with $11 41 and a
gold baby pin with a turquoise setting; re-
ward *S. 3934 Nineteenth Bt.
LOST— Female fawn greyhound. Reward at
2430 San Bruno ave.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
MEDICAL.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES, 1223 Market-Ladles'
specialists; 32 years' practice; have treated
thousands of cases successfully: positive cure
guaranteed at offlce; ladles treated can return
home same day; HINDO HERB home cure,
any one can use It; perfectly harmless; home
for confinement. Send stamps for circular.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. the world-renown«d
ladles' specialist; safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed in San Francisco for years; treated thou-
sands of cases successfully; treatment can be
used at home; consultation free. After all
others fall call on him. Moved 101S Market.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 997 MARKET ST.. corner
Sixth— Safe and reliable ladles' specialist:
guaranteed treatment. $5; private home before
and during confinement: hours. 9 to 5: Sun-
day. 10 to 2. Removed to 997 Market st.
DRS. GOODWIN, well-known ladles' specialists,
have returned from Europe; safe and reliable;
cure $5; have treated thousands of cases with
success: 15 years' practice In S. F. ; maternity
home; low fees, 1007Vi Market St.. near Sixth.
j MRS. DR. WYETII. reliable specialist; 23 yrs.'
I practice; home In confinement; treatment at
I office. J.">; any ailment: consultation free; con-
! fldentlal. 942 Post st., bet. Hyde and Larkin.
! NO TOY KEE, Chinese doctor; cures cor.sump-
i tlon. cancer, catarrh, etc.; all diseases treat-
ed: send for testimonial*; advice free. Sanl-
1 tarium. 704 Sacramento St., corner Kearny.
! MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1035 Market-Ladies* spe-
! clnllst; home In confinement; safe and re-
j liable; consultation free: hours 10 to S.
I THE well-known' DR. TOPPER, celebrated fe-
1 male specialist; practical physician for 37
I years; always successful. 323 Kearny st.
j DH WISE, th? ladies' specialist. Ills Market rt.
j ailSClSLLAXEOKS FOn SALE.
j BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 135-197 Fremont »t.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second han<!: we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
32 complete outfits on our floor, ready made;
we can ship everything In !4 hours. J.
NOONAN. 1017. 1019. 1021. 1C23 Mission St..
above Sixth: write for catalog-je.
j NEW BROOMS— The Golden West Broom Fac-
I tory at 62S and 630 Clay st.. near Kearny, has
1 Just started; storekeepers can be supplied
I with all kinds of brooms at the cheapest
1 rates; orders by mall attended to.
I BUY a brand new typewriter for $5 down and 15
I per month: write for catalogue and price.
I TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 409 California
! St.; rentals, new machines, J3 per month.
I A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
j glnes. boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
I etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st.
I XEAT pair of genuine diamond screws for $13:
worth twice the money. UNCLE HARRIS,
15 Grant ave.
FINE suit. 110; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLOnS. 437 Montgomery st.
A— $3 SO DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 73. Pop-
ular Price Hatters, 330 Kearny St., near Pine.
A— 10O HORSEPOWER engine, boiler. 2-drill
air compressors. JARDINE'S. 220 Fremont st.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and pold. KROCH Mfg. Co.
200-LIGHT dynamo, engine and boiler, com-
j plete: cheap. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission #_
I WILL rent full dress Tuxedo or Prince Albert
suits for 12 SO. Portland Loan Offlce. 23 Stktn.
I SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
I PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and wood
j planers, lathes; 2d hand. J.' Burke. 139 Beale.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d hand: moving
pictures. HULLARD & EltECK, 131 Po«t St.
10-TON P'airbanks scale and fire and burglar
proof safe. 216 California ft.
2D-HAND photographic and magic lantern out-
fits bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery.
. SAFES— New and second-hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market st.. San Fran.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
A— CliOTHING, sealskins, jewelry, etc.. bought:
will call. L. Brosw. 25 Stktn; phone Black 1201.
WANTED — Upright piano for cash. II. L.
WHITEHEAD. 1710 Market St.
LADIES' anil gents' cast-off clothing bought &
sold. Sllverman, 9S4 Folsom; tel. Folsom 1191.
KLEIN still pays best price for clothing, bric-
a-brac and bocks. 109 Sixth st.: tel. Jessie 141.
MO.\I_Y TO WAS.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without "re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back In Installments or a/ a whole; if you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay It and carry the loan as long as you de-
elre: avoid red tape and publicity, see us
first; you will be waited upon quietly and
quickly. Call 6S-63 Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market.
AA— BEST rates and easiest terms.
"Second Mortgages
Interests In Estates
Undivided Interests In Real Estate....!!
Financial problems of all sorts and sizes
solved by HERMAN MURPHY. 630 Market st.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; 1st. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
wher«. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
ANY proposition, any amount: 6 per cent- first
second mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
In estates. legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages, life Insurance. Room 16, first floor
¦ Chronicle building. HALLORAN A- OLSEN.'
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. S4tJ Market
st.: tel. Main 1644. Branch Vi Third st.
A— J50O.C0O ON city and country real estate and
estates; chattel mortgages; notes and col-
laterals. J. BROwNSTONE. 11 Montgomery.
MOST reliable place to borrow on dlamonrfT
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAU 10 Sixth-
highest price for old gold, stiver, diamonds'
AT 126 Keamy st., room 9, respectable', private
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevator. Telephone Davis 993.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
ESSIJr'Si t"? m ? v - I: low ™ l «: confidential
BONELLI. S01 Jones st.. corner Eddy.
WHY pay rent? We loan money to build with-
small monthly payments. HOME HUILDlVii
COMPANY. 222 Sansome St.. room J. 7^ .
MONEY TO LOA.V.
PRIVATE party on furniture and pianos; I per
cent; no removal; no commla'n. > Eddy, r. 81.
TO salaried people without security; all busi-
ness confidential. Touslay Co.. 321 Parrott btg.
MONET to loan on furniture by private party;
low rate. 917 Market St.. room 1.
MONEY loaned salaried peopls without security.
HILL, rm, 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
ON furniture and pianos; no removal: eonfl-
dentlal; on diamonds, etc. 33 Taylor rt.
CASH loaned to salaried peopls on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner ball-lag.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no com«
mission; private. LICK. 118 McAllister st.
TO salaried people without collateral or tn-
dorser. S. F. Discount Agency. 1*3 Phelaa tig.
MUSICAL IXSTRCMEXTS.
ALL purchasers of pianos at Byron Mauay's
have the privilege of exchanging for on* ot
the celebrated Sohmer Pianos, or one of our
Byron Mauzy Pianos, any tim« within four
years, full purchase price- being allowed. Our
rent plan has been the best offered, to the
public for the past three years. A largo size,
beautifully finished, full toned ptano, with,
stool and cover, warranted for five year*, for
J350. Si cash and |9 per month. This Is not a
cheap ptano. full value being given for ev«ry
dollar spent. BYRON MAUZY. Sole Agent
Sohmer & Co.. Byron Mauzy. Gabler. Spell-
man and Hamilton Pianos. 303. 310. 812 Po»t»
ALL purchasers of pianos at SHERMAN.
CLAY & CO.'S have the privilege of ex-
changing for a STELWVAY any Una* within
tbre« years and full purchasa prlc« allowed;
th« best makers of every trade- to select from;
beautiful new uprights JS cash. Si per month;
some good planoa for S3. J* and S3 per month.
SHERMAN CLAY &. CO.. STEDfWAT
DEALERS, corner Kearny and Sutter sw.,
San Francisco: corner Broadway and Tblr-
taenth sta.. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the largest exclusive whole-_l«
and retail piano house west of Chicago*
SPECIAL. THIS MONTH.
r?£ir_aln_ in all standard makes tram ISO
Agents for the Peerless Heine. Hallett A
Davis. Boston*, oldest and most famous piano,
also Behr Bros, and 10 other makee.
Pianos rented: rent allowed on purc__u«.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary st.
DECKER & SON pianos are nrst class.
Agency. MAUVAIS'. 763 Market st. ¦
BUY the best— Decker & Son pianos, estab-
lished In 133«. MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. agents.
"89 Market st. ,
WE sell beautiful Arlington pianos for $300. on
easy installments to suit your convenience.
MAUVAIS'. 769 Market St.
A GOOD piano In good condition S73
A fine Hallett & Davis J*>
Fischer, splendid condition l_»
1 Shaw. 2 Curtaz. 3 Sterling, slightly used,
at sacrifice prices; easy payments. BENJ.
CUKTAZ & SON, everything In the music
line, 18 O'Farrell st.; Chlckering agency.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest hous_
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S. X
2S and 30 O'Farrell St.: pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible don© to please and satisfy th«
customer. -
VIOLIN strings: never wet; best In the world:
making and repairing of all kinds of musical
instruments. Carl C. Anderson, 41. Geary st.
HIGH-GRADE Dlanos: Steck. Hardman. Con-
over & others. TV. B. ALLEN CO.. 314 Post.
CHICKERING upright (Interior good as new).
1135. 217 Geary st.
A SPECIAL piano sale this week; fine piano.
$100. DEWING' S. 12 Flood building.
ELEG\NT Sohmer upright, good as new. and
other great bargains. BRUENN. 208 Post st.
ELEGANT 3-pedal upright: must be sold In S
days; leaving city. 324 Golden Gate ave.
FINE 3-pedal upright piano: sacrificed on ac-
count of sickness. 907 McAllister st.
BE In the swim; rent a new piano for $3 per
month. SCOTT-CURT AZ CO.. 560 Hayes st.
A cleaning out of pianos for storage: dirt cheap;
Installments. Wilsons Storage. 1710 Market.
AT KEEFFE'S. 9S3 Market St.. 4 elegant up-
rights at your own price. Shonlnger agency.
A BARGAIN: must be sold; nice upright piano.
SCHMITZ. 1« McAllister St.. next. Hlb. Bank.
HIGH-GRADE pianos; Steck. Hardman. C«n-
over & others. W. B. ALLEN A CO.. 314 Post.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
LARGE elegant store and basement: 993 Va-
lencia st.. net- ?iyt; business center.
OIL LAXDS FOR SALE.
64T~ACRES— McKlttrirk district. Kern County.
2 miles from Asphalta station. R.. 564 Four-
teenth St.. Oakland.
PALMISTRY.
MME. NEERXJATRDC^rcoTpost: tel. Hyde 2333;
hours 1 to 5 eve., ami Sunday by appointment.
H JEROME FOSSELL1. scientific palmist. 513
Taylor St.. bet. Geary and Post; tel. Black 561.
PERSONALS.
LATEST improved extension shoe and sandal
for the lame with one limb shorter than th«
other- makes f«et look alike; s»nd for circu-
lar WM. McMILLAN. General Agent. Placer-
vllle. Cal.
LEPERER uses and sells -Schef tier's Colorlne.
73c bos; he restores hair to natural color at a
reasonable price. 123 Stockton st.
ELECTRIC lights in every room— Winchester
Hotel 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms;
*5c to' tl a" rer night; II CO to 16 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
PAINFUL nervous diseases, rheumatism, par-
alysis, liver nn1 kidneys cured without drugs
by DR. J. HERBERT REEVE. 26H Kearny.
LEDERER'S Qutntonlca. Hair Tonic; extract
of quinine bark; perfectly harmless; very
beneHolal; 35c bottle.
MME. ADA. wonderful gifted healer. 1134 Mar-
ket. r. 3 & 4. cures spinal trouble, rheumatism,
blindness, paralysis and all nervous diseases.
SUITS to order on installments; $13 upward;
$1 a week. LEON LEMOS. 1117 Market »t..
between Seventh and Eighth.
LEDERER'S Foamo Shampoo is the best. 3o
pkg. ; halrdresstng Iate«t styles, only 23c.
SUITS to order from $15 up on easy payments.
The Richelieu. 700 Market St.. near Geary.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates- 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. XS7 Jessla rt.
SUITS to order nn easy payments. Art Tallor-
lng Co.. 1644 Mkt.. under St. Nicholas Hotel.
ELECTROLYSIS d-rtroys superfluous hair
moles: trial free. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market St.
HAIR quickly curled or waved by using Tal-
cotts curling fluid; 25c a bottle; druggists.
ALFREDt\MS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to Its natural color: Jl: at all druggists
CAST-OFF 1 clothing, old «mld and silver bought-
send postal. COLEMAN'S. SC6 Kearny st. "
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
1 nlted States or Canada one year for II.
postage paid. . ' - .
P1IYSIC1AXS A.VD SURGEOSS.
DR. C. C. O'DOXN ELL— Offlce and residence'
1C21H Market «.. between Sixth and Seventh,
REAL ESTATE — CITV — FOR SALE.
CHOICEST lot In Richmond: on elevated
ground; all street work done; electric cars
pass within a few steps; 23xlW; on west sldo
of Tenth ave.. 1"3 feet south from Clement-
2 of the prettiest homes In Richmond on"
each side of It; easy payments; $40 cash,
quarterly Installments to suit; ortce SXon. "wr*
J. GUNN. 530 California st.. betweenMonU
gomery and Kearny.
MODERN houses built; lowest prices- plans ami
estimate* furnished. Campbell. 1147 Mission.
S3.V1O— EASY terms; new 7- room modem house
Fourteenth st.. between Castro and Xoe
MISSION cottage; new; « rooms bath- lot =avr
10O: S3000; terms to suit buyer. 413 K^rav^
REAL ESTXTE— COUNTRY— F^Tsile
A CHOICE home for sale— 14U acres w^K
water right: located K of a mile west of Mer-
ced city limits: one mile from creamery- V£*i
small house and barn; 11 acres o£ alfalfa- *ia
bearing fruit trees. 5 years old: i«rlce ir*o-
owner wishes to go Into other business Call
or address S. Q. NEWMAN. Merced. CalT
ACCURATE personal knowledges-each, of th*
3000 ranches on my SALE anirfcCCIUvoP
list. M*re th*n all other agents In thlV clt"
N. P. SICKELS. tho land .gent. 8 GeaW VS
ALAMEDA ADYERTBEJm
ALAMEHA BOOMS AXD BOARD
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BEHKELEV REAL. ESTATE.
ALTA PUNTA TRACT^SaT'pablo a-*., l
£!l« ti?i or . h ?, f . A B < r " el «y: IWO to $_«» per acr«;
ISirJ^i *$-*¥?» .*£ ch: W * month: call W
i maps. O. W. HAIGHT. 401 Califcrnla su. S._\There «^"e many buildings In cities in
Holland which were originally and unmis
takably built out of the straight. For in
stance, not far from the Hotel Vieux-
Doelen, where the delegates to the Peaco
Conference stayed, there is an extension
being built to one of the churches, and
although the walls are not yet completed,
they lean outward more than twelve
Inches. Another instance of this is found
In some of the corner houses, whose walls
lean out over each street. In many cases
new houses are evidently put up to match
the houses alongside. Strangely enough,
though, there are comparatively few
caees on record of collapse.— Pearson's
Weekly. . .
Crooked Houses.
The young men of to-day are too finicky
—too much given to self-analysis, too
self-pampering. Their shoes and neckties
cost much more each year. than did the
entire wardrobe of their grandfathers.
They feel a sense of degradation in small
beginnings and plodding, and they wait
for success ready made to come'to them.
T.iere is not a young man in the country
who would Imitate Ben Franklin an<l
march through the streets munching a
loaf of bread while looking for employ
ment. He dare not, Indeed, because
society has become also finicky, and he
would be arrested as a tramp. ine young
man of to-day wants capital.— Trusts and
combines and corporations distress him.
He cannot be president of a bank or
Judge of a court the first week he is
from school, and he feels, like the famous
Ell Pussley. that he has "no chance." —
Memphis Commercial-Appeal.
Young M«n of To-Day.
MINNEAPOLIS, Minn., Oct. ; 18.-
Howard Abbott, special master in chan
cery to the Union Pacific receivership,
has paid out the last dividend to the un
secured creditors and practically closed
up the receivership.
The last dividend amounted to $1,000,000.
The total claims approved and allowed
footed up to $84,336,518 and the amount
paid from other sources -was . $26,448,720.
Another dividend, amounting to 6 per
cent of $6,102,085, was paid about a year
ago.
Considering the amount involved, the
numerous legal complications and the ex
tent of the interests, the receivership was
the largest ever known. The claims dis
allowed amounted to over $10,000,000. The
total claims filed, not including mortgages
having a prior lien, was $95,0w,000. The
balance due on claims after the payment
of all dividends will be $51,065,000. The
Union Pacific receivership has been pend
ing during the last seven years, the re
ceivers having been appointed October 31
1893. Mr. Abbott was appointed special
master in chancery to the receivership
July 1. 1S9S. ,
Last Dividend Is Paid to the Unse
cured Creditors by the Master s
in. Chancery.
RECEIVERSHIP OF UNION
PACIFIC NEARLY CLOSED
to the Department.
WASHINGTON, Oct. -18.— Reports which
have reached the Navy Department are
to the effect that Sublg Bay, in tho Philip
pines, is not a suitable place for locating
an extensive naval station, coaling station
or navy yard, owing to limited depth of
water. Naval opinion has been divided
for some time as to the relative merits
of Manila Bay and Subig . Bay. The
Spanish Government spent large sums on
Subig Bay. and It was thought to offer
facilities superior to those of Manila Bay
for a permanent naval headquarters. An
inquiry as to the relative merits of thla
and several other points was instituted
some time ago, and the - reports for
warded through the commander of the
Asiatic station are not favorable to Subig
Bay, holding that it has disadvantages
similar to those urged against Manila
Bay. Several other points are suggested
as offering good sites for stations or
¦yards, including Hollo and Olongapo.
Naval Constructor Hobson has taken a
different view, however, and has pre
sented a plan for an extensive naval es
tablishment on Subig Bay. In view of the
differences of opinion It Is probable thai
a naval board will be named to pass upon
the several points and select the one most
available for a station. '
However, Hobson Disagrees With
Report to This Effect Presented
STJBIG BAY NOT SUITABLE
FOB, A BIG NAVAL STATION
Commits a Second Murder.
COLUMBUS, Ind., Oct. 18.— At Way
mansville. Ind., fifteen miles south of
here Dr. Conda Beck, late this afternoon
shot and killed William Barton because
Barton objected to Beck keeping company
with his daughter. Two years ago Beck
killed Miss Grace Cohee because she re
fused to marry him. Beck was acquitted
of the crime. The tragedy created a tre
mendous Bensatlon. •
Guard of Honor for York.
LONDON. Oct. 18.— It is officially an
nounced that the Duke of York will be
accompanied to Australia, where he is to
open the Commonwealth Parliament, by
a guard of honor, composed of details of
men from every branch of the British
army, including volunteers. The -Indian
troops sailed for Australia October 17.
To Arbitrate the Strike.
LONDON, Oct. 18.— The conciliation
board of the London Chamber of Com
merce has undertaken to * arbitrate the
dispute between the lightermen and their
employers. A bpeedy settlement of the
strike is, therefore, anticipated,
George Ruhlin.
"WASHINGTON, Oct. IS.— In the annual
report of Major General Shafter. com
manding the Department of California,
there is a report from Major George Ruh
lln. depot quartermaster at Honolulu. The
garrison at Honolulu consists of two bat
teries of the Sixth Artillery, who are in
quarters at Cajnp McKinley, four and a
half miles from the business center of
Honolulu. He says that the troops should
be quartered In plain frame buildings,
rather than in canvas, aa the climate
along the seashore is very destructive to
the latter. No action has been taken
looking to the selection of a permanent
site for military posts in the Hawaiian
Islands.
Relative to the bubonic plague Major
Ruhlin reports that no person connected
with the military service w.as exposed to
the disease. The effects of the plague
were that the quarantine restrictions pre
vented for a time the use of Honolulu for
a port for transport service.
The transport service has used the port
of Honolulu quite extensively during the
year. During the year there stopped at
Honolulu, en route from San Francisco to
Manila, fifty-three transports, five carry
ing troops and supplies, fifteen with sup
plies only, thirteen with horses, mules
and supplies and one hospital ship.
In addition to the land reserved for
military reservations the report advocates
the purchase of about thirty acres more,
in order to make it desirable as a military
site. One reservation contains 1344 acres
and another 14,400 acres. The latter Is
eighteen miles from Honolulu and is about
seven miles from the railway station-at
Pearl City. One of the indentations of
the post is called Pearl harbor. I Major
Ruhlin thinks this site is very well adapt
ed for a military reservation. A consid
erable portion of both these reservations
was leased In 1882 for thirty years ana
these leases will not expire until 1912.
The lands are mostly used for grazing
purposes.
Strikes Among "Hello" People.
HONOLULU, • Oct. j 11.— Last Thursday
all of the female operators of the tele
phone company struck on account of a
change in chief operators. Subsequently
the majority returned. On the following
evening several of the men struck for an
increase in wages, which was given in
several instances.
Captured a 3>svil Fish.
HONOLULU, Oct. 11.— A large devil
fish was caught yesterday outside of the
harbor by two. Japanese fishermen. The
men fought for three hours before they
were able to harpoon the monster.
Major General Shafter Transmits an
Interesting Report by Major
CONDITION OF GARRISON
ON BTJTY AT HONOLULU
CAVALRY TO MAXE TEST
OF EMERGENCY RATIONS
Special Marches to Be Made to Note
the Value of a New Prepa
ration.
KANSAS CITY, Oct. 18.— Captain Foun
tain and Captain Foster of the emergency
ration board of the War Department, who
have been in Kansas City for several
weeks preparing the rations for an actual
test, will leave for Fort Reno, I. T., early
next week, probably Monday. They will
start from Reno with a troop of cavalry
made up of men from Fort Reno and
Fort Sill and make n.archlng expeditions,
during which the men will live wholly
on the emergency rations, which have
been prepared at a packing qjmpany'a
plant nere.
The ration is put up in an elliptical can
eight Inches long. Each day's food
weighs a pound and each can contains
three cakes of sweet chocolate and three
cakes of a food preparation composed oi
a meat and grain compound. The latter,
which tastes not unlike j>arched corn,
with a slight flavor of meat. Is very pal
atable. At least people who have tried
it say so. It can be eaten uncooked, made
into a porridge or a soup, or it can ba
made into a mush and then fried. Each
can contains small packages of salt and
pepper. The effect of the food on the men
will be carefully noted. They will be
weighed every day and their condition
closely observed by a physician. The
test will probably last two or three weeks
iand then the board will report to the "War
Department the result of the test.
BBITISH IRON MEN" FEAR.
AMERICAN COMPETITION-
Combine to Force the Government to
Award Them Bridge Contracts
in South. Africa.
BIRMINGHAM. England. Oct. IS.— The
Midland Iron Masters are inquiring In of
ficial quarters about the reported inten
tion to prefer American manufacturers
to British in awarding contracts for the
extensive railway and bridge construction
contemplated in South Africa. Several of
tho principal iron men, who are acting
conjointly in making these inquiries, in
tend to organize a campaign to press the
Government into favoring- British manu
facturers if it is found that any contracts
are likely to go to the United States, even
though the American bids should be lower
than the British.
HOTEIj ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEU
I Rosenberg. Woodland
L Hart. S Jose
H B Martin. S Lorenzo
W II Atkinson, Napa
S M Rohr, S Rosa
E Ferot. Cal
B H Langley, Portlnd
R R Wallace, Kern
W P Magrane & w,
Oakland
A Polhamus, S Diego
J Heinrlch, Oregon
L G Smith. Texas
E N Drouet. Texas
H O Smith, Portland
G W Klncald, Cal
Miss Chambaud, S Ros
C A Cox & w, Cal
J J Delaney, Texas
J J Morey, watsonvllle
J S Ellis. Helena
C A Norcross & w,
Reno
E Mendenhall, N Y
Mrs G N Cornwall. Cal
Mrs G T Smith, Xapa
W D TUlotson. Reding
E Leach & fam, Osh
kosh
W M Smith, Portland
S P Poland, S Jose ,
W R Southard. N" Y
P M Norboe. Hanford
L F Warner, Auburn
C A Phillips, Sacto
A G Schulz. Cal
Mrs li B Howard. Cal
5 A Barton, Sacto
E S Robinson. Illinois
C B Flinn. Illinois
E B Waterman. L Ang
G S Waterman. Cat
W K Cole, Martinez
G M-Westcott. Concord
Mrs C P Westcott.
Concord
Mrs M Easton, Concrd
J T Grace, S Rosa.
Mrs I. del Cure. Cal
D B Hart & w. S Roea
T D Fetch. Eureka
W M Gotuchaik & w,
Milwaukee
X A Goodwin, Phlla
M J O'Reilly. Cal
M A Channell, Spring
field
C Xelson it xr, Sacto
r> Campbell, Los Ang
E J Ishrim. Sacto
J M Bernham, Stkton
Mrs M E Bodman. Cal
A M Sneatb, Baker Cy
PALACE HOTEL
J J O'Connor, X T
R II Sargent, Wash
M\? F R Goodlng. Or
Miss Gooding. Or
F B'Llrpman. N Y
W F Kills'. Pblla
M O Chadbourne & w,
Los Ansreles
D F Clark. Los Anff
D F Brant, Los Ang
G S Holmes, Salt Lak«
O P Fosey. Salt Laka
K Knox. Salt Lake
H W Fullerton & w.
N T
F H Gregory, NT
H H Jacobson. N T
\V J Evans, London
F W Sears. Denver
B Becker, Germany
D Stark, N Y
K Mar*h. IC J
J J White, Pac Grove
T Garrett. N Y
F P Coleman & w,
Memphis
T McLean. N T
M Green. Boston
H A Keller. Phlla
T P Rush. Cleveland
Mrs Schaad. Cleveland
J Underwood. Chicago
J O Hatch & w, Cal
W* Jackson. 2C J
A Hazleton. N T
R I Rogers & w, Cal
J F Caldwell & w. Ky
Mrs A L Churchill. Ky
J W Sefton & w. Cal
Q Goldbers. XT
Mr & Mrs Botgins. XT
E A Haverstic, St Paul
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
C J Blake. Merced
O M Johnson; Chicago
Mies M Stone. Stocktn
S C Smith, Los Ang
J Smith. Denver
J W Vanmeter, Vera
Cruz
J J Clark. Cincinnati:
O C Brown. Arizona I
O W Spenjremann ft
fam. Atlanta
C S Baiter. Merced
J R Ben ton, Sac to
Mrs George & ion,
Boston
F Dexter. Louisville
C W Miller. St Louts
B Snow. S Crua
Supreme Court Confirms the Sentence
of Imprisonment for Libel
Imposed Upon Editor
Marshall.
HONOLULU, Oct. 1L— It is claimed tHat
many voters are likely to be disfranchised
on account of there being an Insufficient
number of polling places. The propor
tion of polling places is said to be much
lower than the registration warrants and
tmless something is done to remedy the
trouble fully a thousand in Honolulu
alone will not have time in which to
mark their ballots.
Registration for the Territory closed
Tuesday night, the 9th. The total regis
tration for the district of Oahu was 5891.
Returns have not been received from the
other islands, but it is estimated that
about 3000 names have been enrolled on
•Hawaii. 2000 on Maul and 1000 on Kauai.
During the last few days preceding tha
close of registration there was a rush to
the United States Judge to be naturalized.
About 300 foreigners were declared Amer
ican citizens, but in some instances the
Board of Registration refused to accept
the applicants on account of inability to
read and write.
The Home Rule or Independent party,
which is composed exclusively of natives,
held their Territorial convention Wednes
day, the 10th. No nominations were
made for Congressman, as Robert Wil
cox, who led the revolution against the
republic of Hawaii in 1S95, was previously
nominated for this office at an earlier
convention held in the spring. Only
legislative nominations were made.
Prince David Kawananakoa was
brought specially from Hawaii last Fri
day in order that he might register in
time to qualify as the Democratic candi
date for Congress. He was stumping
Hawaii last week and the party leaders
feared that he would not return to Hono
lulu in time, so they chartered the
Bteamer Waialeale and went in search of
him. After registering he took the next
steamer back to Hawaii. On last Mon
day night, the 8th, Prince David was
unanimously nominated for the unexpired
term of the Fifty-sixth and the full term
of the Fifty-seventh Congresses by the
Democratic convention. Prince David
was a delegate to tha Democratic Na
tional Convention at Kansas City this
summer. He is connected with one of
the royal houses of the islands.
The Democratic party adopted a plat
form at its convention last Monday night
in which the national ticket and platform
were indorsed. The local , platform de
clared against the acquisition of any more
sugar-producing territory by the United
States. An appropriation for a pension
for ex-Queen Lllluokalani by the next
Legislature was favored. The payment
of Just fire claims.- caused by the fire in
Chinatown during the bubonic plague,
was advocated. < .-•-•¦
The Supreme Court affirmed the Judg
ment of the lower in tho case of William
H. Marshall, who was sentenced to serve
six months for criminal libel. Marshall
was the editor of a weekly paper called
the Volcano and attacked the Integrity
of the late Chief Justice Judd. In ruling
on the appeal Chief Justice Freer and
Acting Justice Magoon held that dur
ing the transition period between the for
mal annexation of the Hawaiian Islands
and the date when the laws made by
Congress for the government of the Ter
ritory went into effect, the constitution of
the United States did not apply here, but
that the former laws of the republic were
in operation. The conviction of Marshall
was obtained by a majority verdict. Jus
tice Galbraith dissented.
In another appeal, that of George
Edwards, convicted in the same manner
by a majority vote of an infamous crime,
the Supreme Court overruled the finding
of the lower court and restored liberty to
the appellant. In the second . instance
Chief Justice Freer signed the dissenting
opinion, while Associate Justice Galbraith
and Acting Justice Humphreys decided
for the appellant.
Not Sufficient Polling Places
Provided For in
Hawaii.
NEW CITIZENS
MAY NOT BE
ARLE TO VOTE
The appointment of Sir Ernest Satow
as British Minister to Peking and tho
transfer of Sir Claude Macdonald to
Tokio is' not looked upon with satisfac
tion by the foreign residents generally
either here or in China. The former's per
sonal popularity and his intimate ac
quaintance with things Japanese has ren
dered him a persona grata here in an
eminent degree.
A significant feature of the present case
is to be found in the fact that the Mar
quis is now credited with strong pro-Rus
£ian tendencies. If this be true ha is but
representing a widespread sentiment now
rapidly growing that there being little
hope of America and Great Britain unit
ing with this empire to put an effectual
end to any and all Eastern problems
Japan must needs turn to her northern
neighber and her best and most useful
friend.
YOKOHAMA, Sept. 29.— The resignation
of the Japanese Cabinet and the coining
into power of Marquis Ito is the theme of
the hour. The change came as a surprise,
although it was deemed inevitable in the
not distant future. It was doubtless un
welcome to Marquis Ito himself, who has
by no means yet got his new party in
proper trim for harmonious and success
ful work. Although the latter is well or
ganized, it is made up of many incon
gruous and warring elements, and early
trouble is predicted for it, especially m
view of the distribution of the ottices be
fore it Is brought under any sort of dis
cipline. • '
Tho ostensible cause of the sudden up
heaval in politics here is doubtless the
real one, namely, tho necessity which has
arisen for a more decided and strenuous
foreign policy in view of the situation in
China. It is generally felt that Japan has
thus far kept herself too much in the
background in the negotiations progress
ing on the neighboring continent, ana that
the time has come for her to assert her
self, her geographical position her eminent
services in tho recent rescue of the lega
tions, and, above all. her superior knowl
edge of what can and ought to be done in
China, all entitling her word and counsel
to be held to be of greater weight than
that of any other nation. Marquis Ito is
the only man to whom the country can
turn in this emergency, as has been the
case for years past whenever an impor
tant crisis has arisen.
Chinese Situation May Bring About
a Change in the Relations
With England and the
United States.
Marquis Ito, the New Pre
mier, Strongly Favors
, Such a Course.
JAPAN MAY
ALLY HERSELF
WITH RUSSIA
David M. C&rvalho, the next expert wit
ness, declare- that the signatures to the
disputed checks for $25,000 and $65,000 were
forgeries, tho work of an unskilled forger.
He thought that if the tracings had been
filled in bread had been used over the dry
ink to efface the tracing. In the initial
letter of the signature in the $65,000 check
the witness testified to having found un
mistakable evidence of tracings. The
formation of the characters of this check,
he said, as compared with those in the
$25,000 check, were widely different. Wit
nesses had examined the checks drawn on
the Fifth-avenue Trust Company and pro
nounced them forgeries.
William J. McKiistry, the first hand
writing expert witness for the prosecu
tion, was next called. He said the sisjna
tures to the checks for $25,000 and $G5.000
were not written by the same hand that
wrote the signatures on the standards of
comparison submitted to him. On cross
f-xamlnatlcn Expert McKli.f*try said he
had made an exarr.'natlon of the checks
In the ofilce of counsel for Captain Baker
October 3 and had verbally reported on
the same to Captain Baker that the signa
tures were forgeries and that tho tracings
were of a very poor kind from one model.
McKinstry testified that the checks drawn
on the Fifth-avenuo Trust Ccmpany, the
revocation of Captain Baker's right to
enter Rice's vault, an assignment of prop
erty and several other instruments were
forgeries.
James A. Baker Jr., the next witness,
said that he had been Rice's counsel ever
since he had been admitted to the bar.
He knew Jones very well. He then told
of his visit here after Rice's death and of
his getting some papers a few days later
from Patrick. These were the alleged
forged checks, one for $25,000 and the other
for $65,000. The checks were irlven him
voluntarily by Patrick, he said. In wit
ness' judgment the signatures ¦ were not
those of William M. Rice. The witness
admitted being influenced by the report
from the experts in disputed handwriting
regarding the signatures to the checks.
He said he had not passed upon the gen
uineness of the signatures until the ex
perts declared them forgeries.
Witness was handed a number of letters,
some of which he identified as being in
the handwriting of Mr. Rico and others
he said were not. The wltr.ess said he
would not swear that the $25,000 check was
not signed by Rice, but in his best opinion
it was not.
Wetherbee identified the $25,000 check as
that which had been brought into his of
fice by John H. Wallace for comparison
with canceled checks of Rice.
It was brought out that Wotherbee's
first meeting with Jones after Jones' prop
osition to the witness to write a bogus
will was. in February, this year. The
meeting, witness said, occurred in the hall
of the bank; that he (witness) met Mr.
Middlewood last March, and that after
telling Middlewood of the Jones proposi
tion prepared the affidavit relating to it
and swore to it March 21 before Miss Mil
ler, a notary. Asked why he did this,
witness replied that he was apprehensive
that Jones might repeat the conversa
tion which he and witness had about the
will proposed by Jones. • The witness said
he wanted to be prepared for Jones. Wit
ness also said ho wanted Jones to 'come
to his house again and that Jones could
repeat his previous conversation in the
hearing of witnesses, but Jones would
not come.
\y. O. Wetherbee, 1 who was on the stand
yesterday, was cross-examined by Law
yer House for the defense. He said that
the appointment between I himself and
Jones lor the meeting was made by tele
phone January 3 last and at the meeting
Jones unfolded a plan to get up a will dis
posing of the property of the dead million
aire. Witness said the object of his visit
to Rico in January, l'JOO, was to get a loan
of $7000 to take up a debt on property held
by witness in Texas, but he did not suc
ceed.
NEW YORK, Oct. 18.— Preliminary pro
ceedings in the Rice case were resumed
to-day before Magistrate Brann. The
accused are Albert T, Patrick and Charles
F. Joms. The former was counsel In this
city for the late William M. Rice and the
latter was Rice's secretary and valet.
They are charged with forging the name
of William, M. Rica to a check for $25,000
drawn on Swenson & Sons of this city.
W. O. Wetherbee Relates Some Inter
esting Details of His Sleeting
With Valet Charles
. Jones.
Witness Tells of the Plot
to Rob the Rice
Estate.
EXPERTS DECLARE
THE WILL TO BE
POOR FORGERY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 19, 1900.
13
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
Fl KNISHED or unfurnished house of S Jarge
rooms and bath; sanitary plumbing;; lot &0x
100: central location. Apply 539 19th st.. Oakld.
EIG SACRIFICE.
Nearly new home of 7 rooms, bath, conserva-
tory er.3 porches; fine large lot; near cars
end trains; fruit trees, rarden and barn; $2750
cafh; cost me |4000. Address Owner. P. O.
box EXS, Sacramento, Cal.
OAKLASD IIOISES TO LET.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 84 (25c per
share) of the Hutchlnson Sugar Plantation
Company will be payable at the office of the
company. No. 327 Market St.. on and after
Saturdaj-. October 20, 1900. Transfer books
will close on Saturday. October 13, 1900. at 12
o'clock ra. E. H. SHELDON.. Secretary.
GOOD houses. Get list from GEO. W. AUS-
TIN i- OV. "WE Broadway. Oakland.
AN ttttretaettoa to you from H. Scbellhaas, th«
furr.ture Oa'.er, Uth and Franklin. Oakland.
OAKLAND Fl'RMTCRE FOR SALE.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription!
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
$5— FOL'R unfurnished housekeeping rooms:
no children. 124S Stanyan st., near 17th.
OCTAVIA, 1403, corner Geary— Large sunny
bay-window, $10: with kitchen complete, $18.
OAK. 112—3 sunny rooms furnished for heavy
housekfeping; Z bed*; yard: $14.
MARKET. 16^8, opposite Tenth— Large sunny
front alcove suite, furnished. $10; no children.
MARKET, near Fifth— 2 rooms, furnished, fold-
ing bed; eas; J10; part. 342 Kearay Et.
LARKIN, £04— Large runny back bedroom and
kitchen, furnished for housekeeping. tlO.
FOLSOM. S34— Sunny front bay-window room
and kitchen; modern conveniences; private;
f3 week.
FILLilORE. 22C7, nr. Clay— 5 nice stony fur-
i.ishrd rooms; bath, piano; housekeeping.
EUJ?, €11— Newly furnished front suite S
r * nis. housekeeping, tlo; aleo 1 room. $10.
HOOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
AUSTIN are.. 105. of! Polk— Large furnished
acd i:r.furr.lshed rooms; housekeeping.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10SS
.Valencia Et.
NOTICE— Taxes due upon assessments mado
by the State Board of Equalisation— Control-
ler's Department, State of California, Sac-
ramento, October 9. 1900.— In accordance with
the provisions of Section 366S of the Political
Code, notice is hereby given that I hare re-
ceived from the gtate Board of Equalization
the "Duplicate Record of Assessments cf
Railways" and the "Duplicate Record of Ap-
portionment cf Railway Assessments," con-
taining the assessments upon the property of
each of the following named associations or
corporations, as fixed by said State Board of
Equalization for the year 1900, to-wlt;
Central Pacific Railroad Company, South
raciflc Coast Railroad Company, Southern Pa-
cific Railroad Company, Southern California
Motor Road Company. Carson and Colorado
Railroad Company. California Northwestern
Railway Company (lessees San Francisco and
North Pacific Railroad). Santa Fe Pacific Rail-
road Company. San Francisco and San Joaquin
Valley Railway Company. Southern California
Railway Company. North Pacific Coast Rail-
road Company. Pacific Coast Railway Com-
pany, . Pajaro Valley Consolidated Rail-
road Ccmpany. Nevada County Narrow-
Gauge Railroad Company, N'evada-Callfornla-
Oregon Railway Company. Alameda and Ean
Joaquin Railroad Company. Sierra Railway
Ccmpany of California. Randaburg Railway
Company. Gualala River Railroad Company
Sierra Valleys Railway Company, California
and Nevada Railroad Company, San Francisco
and San Mateo (Electric) Railroad Company
and Pullman' s Palace Car Company.
The State and county taxes on all personal
property, and one-half of the State and county
taxes on all real property are now due and
payable, and will be delinquent on th» la»t
Monday In November next at 3 o'clock p. m „
and unless paid to the State Treasurer at the
Capitol, prior thereto, 5 per cent will be r.dded
to the amount thereof, and unless so paid on
or before the last Monday in April next, ct 6
o'clock p. m., an additional 5 per cent will
be added to the amount thereof.
The remaining one-half of the and
county taxes en all real property will be due
and payable at any time after the first Mon-
day in January next, and will be delinquent
on the last Monday in April next, at 6 o'clock
p. tn., end unless paid to the State Treasurer,
at the Capitol, prior thereto, 6 per cent will
be added to the amount thereof.
E. P. COLGAN. Controller.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
The following: marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Frederick Mackleberg, -24, Burdett, Oolo., and
Elise Xelson, 22, city.
Dante Dianda. 25, Halfmoon Bay, and Silvia
Belli, 16, Colrra.
Fred Anpelius. 23. city, and Minnie Ruhland,
29, cit;-.
George W. Alexander, 2«, 1509'j Geary street,
and Birdie Davis, 21, 443'j Bryant street.
John Clark. 34, Burlingame, and Margaret
Byrne, 26, Burlingame.
John Frank". 50, SS4 Sixth street, and Rosalie
Danneil. 47. 310 Diamond street.
Isaac C. Totman. 26. 26 Valley street, and
Alice J. Sherwood. 23, 422 Duncan street.
George J. Franzen. 23, 6S7 Jessie street, and
Delphlne Grundel, 2S, 617H Post Ftreet.
Frank S. Bowman, 32. Mendoeino City, and
Minnie T. Clark. 27, city.
George W. Dunster, 23, 2 Rose avenue, and
Adeline D. Janke. IS, 1516 Howard street.
H. Valentine Mills. 31, 3270 Twenty-fifth
street, and Mollie Behan, 2S, 290S Twenty-third.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
BORN".
BROLLT— In this city, October 9, 1900. to tho
wife of Archibald B. Brolly, a son.
CORRJEA— In Hay wards, October 17. 1900. to
the wife of John F. Corrlea of San Francisco.
a daughter. ¦ -
IK?EN-In this city. October IS. 1900, to the
wife of Captain M. A. Ibsen, a daughter.
LEVENA— In this city, October 17, 1900, to the
wife of Martin Lever.a. a daughter.
RYAN— In this city. October 18, 1900, to the
wife of J. J. Ryan, a daughter.
Birth, marrisre and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
ssns authorized to have tb,e same published.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
MARRIED.
FIELD— SANDERSON— In Alameda, October
13. 1&00. by the Rev. Dr. Glenn, Frederick H.
Field and Hilda Sanderson, both of San
Francisco.
TAYLOR 818 — Nicely furnished suite; sun all
<•»>•: suitable for 2 or 3 gentlemen; rent mod-
erate.
STOCKTON, COS— Nice eunny furnished suite,
e!r.*ie and housekeeping rooms; reasonable.
Tl'RK, Bf— Furnished sunny rooms for 1 or t
cents, cr man and wife.
<~LAKP1FIED advertlFemeKts and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2*00 Fillmore st.
FIXTH. 136 — Sunny furnished rooms for ligtt
housekeeping; also other rooms.
FHERMAN Apartment House, 2? Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
ROTAL House. 1T6 Elils et.— Incandescent ligrht;
reciinff-rrom, emoking-room and ladies' par-
. lor: rw-ns, per nieht. S5c to tl IA: week. t2 to
%*¦: month. 18 to $3": elevato*- on irround floor;
rooms ¦W.xh hot and cr.ia water: liathe.
PAfEOALE House SI? and 221 Ellis rt.— Rooms,
r.ipht :."c to fl, week tl Z& to *4; open night.
<VFARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
office*; elevator: electric Hrhts; day. wk.. mo.
JCEW ARLINGTON". 1015 Market St.— Nicely
furnished rooms. $2 a week up; S5c a day up.
MASON. fC2, comer Post— Bunny furnished
rooms. IS; 2 housekeeping rooms, gas and
rsnge. CIS.
LAS P ALMAS. :<20 Market rt.— Suite of 2 or S
rms. : private: bath; sin. rms.; board optional.
LASKIE. M, off Mission, bet. Sth and Sth— Nlce-
!y furnished room; low rent.
LA.KKIN. TOT. near Ellis — Single front room
w.th private family; rent |1«; furnished.
GROVE. HO— Nice sunry front room; also 2
ctfcer rooms; cas; telephone.
GRAND POCTHER.V. southeast corner Seventh
end Mlfsinn Ft*. — Bunny rooms, en suite or
•Ingle; ladies' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
GEART. 774— Large xiell-furaished sunny suite,
with use of bathroom, in Quiet private family.
GEART. 40J ("The Navarre)— Elegantly furnished,
rms. ; suites or tingle; travelers accommodated.
CLIFFORD. 2C4 EM!*, cor. Mason— Handsomely
furnished sunny room; prices reasonable.
FIFTH. 3f»&— Twa furnished housekeeping;; also
tingle, fl, J
t T'NFl'RNISHED rooms to let. Inquire at
1101 Clay Ft., corner Mason.
BfSH. £10 (The E!k)— Changed hands; newly
renovated, nicely fura. tunny rmc., Jl 50 to $7
week: I5c to fl 50 night. MRS. P. RAJSFT.
Bt'FH. 224— Furr.lshed sunny rooms, suits or
r!r.*rle, Zbc per right up: transient.
nOOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and L'nfnrn.
A.— BRUNSWICK House. 14S Sixth— Rooms Zbc
to tl rwr night; Jl 25 to $5 per week, and light
houspieeplng; open all night.
EVItNETT. l«i« Market (old No. 136«— Fur-
rirhed rrr.s.. euitee. tingle; also unfurnished.
A BR \N' r H office for Call advertisements and
Fuhscrirtions has been established at 10C-6
Va ! err-ia ft. __ __ _
STABLES TO LET.
B>RX 12 rtalle to let. with lot 70x100. Apply
at £21 N'intfa et.
SLOT .MACHINES
E^L'GHT ani sold; new and second-hand; large
aicptay: very cheap. P?7 Market, room 220.
Any tuick uiKtn which thin assessment shall
remain unpaid on the 1st day of December,
iy>!\ win be delinquent and advertised for
fale at public auction. an«l unless payment
i* made before will be Fold on Thursday,
the 24th day of D«»cernber, Wits, to pay the
delinquent a^wspment. together with the
cccts of advertising and expemws of *ale.
E. H. SHELDON.
Secretary of Honolulu Plantation Company.
Offlc* located at No. 227 Market St., Ban
Franc I sco, Cai.
ASSEE&SCEMT NOTICE— Honolulu Plantation
"company, location of principal place of bnai<
n'«3, Han FVsAcUeo, Cal.-Notice Is bmor
riven th&t at a meeting of the Board of "i)i-
rctors, held on the 18th day of Octob»r. IS"**.
an KS'^mTit. No. J, of one fJJ) dollar per
rhare wa* levied upon the capital stock of
the corporation, payable Immediately In
United Btatfs irold coin, to the secretary at
the office of the company. No. 327 Market St..
Kan Francisco, Cal.
ASSESSMENT .\OTICES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TTPE WRITE US-We
r(!l better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals. S3. The Typewriter
Exchanre. OS California; telephone Main 266.
ALWAYS bargains in O'P^ters ; ar.y make.
Write for price* to L. & M. ALEXANDER,
\Y> Montcimery et.
TVPEWUITEIIS A>D SUPPLIES.
STORAGR AM) WAREHOUSES.
EEKISS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission et. :
tel. Main lM'T; shipping at cut rat*s.
WIL6O3? BJvO?.. storage and moving; covered
vans'* Tenth fnd Market; phone South TC2.
PACIFIC Ftorace arid Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 22£0 Fliln-.ore St.; phone Jackscn 2S1.
AIL klnd« bought. Fnli and repairing guaran-
t**d. Oiarfps Plamheck. 1915 Miprion. nr. loth.
AtTlTklniis bnusht. !»M<1. reuttd, exchanged; re-
pairing In»«ct rat ps> ; open evr-n. Z8S Fourth.
BOtTGHT fold, rented, repaired: r.eedle* and
ehuttSes"; reduced rates. 145 Cth: phone Mint 45.
FIRt-T-CLAPS modern family hotel; very sunny
rncmf: flr.e table, lf.04 California Bt.
BOAHD and rooms at 415 First et.. near Har-
rison. •
ROOMS AXD BOARD.
oor«r> r.rme for younr lady who works during
day use of riano If desired; terms reason-
able. Box 3C42. Call office^
IE7 Friends and acquaintancei are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
at g:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1713 Broadway, thence to St. Francis
de Sales Church, where a requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 3 o'clock. Interment St. Mary's
Omrtery.
GULDEMANN— In this city, October 17, 1900.
Henry, beloved husband of Augusta Gulde-
ttTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
< Friday >. at 11 o'clock, from the residence of
her mother. E6 Converse street. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
GOOD-In Oakland, October 18. 1900, Hannah
H. Good, wife of the late Thomas Good,
mother of John Good, sister of John Griffin.
and M»fr-iri-law of Mrs. T. McCarthy of
San Francisco, a natlv© of Ireland, aged 45
years.
tT Funeral Sunday. Time will be given
hereafter.
GALLEN— In this city, October 17. 1900, Ellen,
beloved daughter of Mrs. Annie Gallen, and
granddaughter of Bernard and the late Eliza-
beth Lunny. a native of Kan Francisco, aged
6 years 7 months and 26 days.
BlTRWEnT-In this city. October 18. 1900. John
Ht-nidiot Brwert. dearly beloved husband of
Alma M. Fterwert. father of Alden Berwert,
and Ftepfath^r of Uussie and Charley Metzler,
a native of Canton L'nderwalden, Switzerland,
agrd 32 year? 3 months and IS days.
BROWN— In Morgan Hill, Cal.. October 18,
1&00, Harold, beloved eon of Mr. and Mrs.
E. L. Brown, a native of South Dakota, aged
4 jears.
Bl'RXS— In this city. October 17, 1900, Mary,
beloved wife of the late Cornelius Burns,
mother of John and James JJujgs. Mrs. W.
MrMullen and the late Christo^ier and Jo-
seph Born*, and fister of Patrick and Ellen
Burkley. a native of County Tlpperary. Ire-
land, aged €2 years.
C"7*Kriendp and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at &:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 143 Boyce street, off Point Lobos road,
th»nee to Holy Cross Church. Eddy street,
where a requiem high moss will be celebrated
for the repose of her bouI at 9 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CAMPBELL— In this city, October IS. 1900,
Pearl, beloved wife of Bert Campbell, a na-
tive >?t Missouri, aged 19 years.
CLARK— In this city, October 19. 1900. Mrs.
A0a Ciark beloved mother of Mrs. Ada
FiFher, ana grandmother of Charles P. Wil-
der and Mrs. Maud F. Lyman. a native of
Philadelphia, Pa.
CL'FHING — In Oakland. October 18. 1900.
Charles Henry, beloved son of Charles H. and
Doloris Cushing, a native of California, aged
83 years 11 months and 8 days. . .
DICK— In the City and County Hospital, Oc-
tober is. 1500. John Dick, a native of Scot-
land, aged £0 years.
DORN— In this city. October 1?. 1900. Marcellus
A. Dorn, a native of California, aged 42
years.
Jaeobs=on, Albert Wijccins, Marcus T.
Kirkratrick, James Winshlp, George C.
DIED. /
Berwert. John B. Laws, Georee G.
Brown. Harold Lewis. William A.
Burns. Mary McQuillan. William
Campbell. 1'carl Murray, John F.
Clark, Mrs. Ada Riedel, Charles E.
Cunning. Charles H. Riordan, Mary E.
Pick, John llobl, Margaret
I)orn, Marcellus A- Samuelsen, Maren
Gallen, Kllen Schofleld. Annie E.
Good. Hannah H. Pmlth, Catherine
Guldemann, Henry Steffens, Diedrlch J.
Heaney, John Ktewart, Mervin R,
nigging, Mary E. Sunny, Tom J.
Hicham. Sadie J. Veronicka Gronowska
BAILROAD TBAVEL.
McflVOY «fc CO..
FtJXERAIJ DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS,
123S Market St., between Sth and 9th.
¦•¦' ¦¦ Telephone South 247.
(Eacceesor to Flannagan A. Gallagher).
DANIEL. P. DONOVAN. M«r.
FXTNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth *t.. opposite Lincoln Scnoot.
Telephone South SO. .
HENRV ,i. GALLAGHER CO.,
ABPEFHMEN'T NOTICE — Honolulu Sugar Com-
pany, location of principal place of busl-
ii'*s, San FranclPco, Cal.— Kotic« Is hereby
pivpn that ft a mmlTig of the Board of Dl-
roctcrs. h»"ld on the ISth day of October,
1900. an aFfefement. No. 10, of nine fJS) dol-
lar* r«*r thBir. was levied upon the capital
Itpcfc <>t the corj> r '!"'i'ion. payable Inunedlately
in United Slates gold coin to the secretary
at the office cf the company. No. 227 Market
St.. fc"an Franclpro, Ca!.
Any stock uyoa which this as^nmrnt shall
remain unpaid on the 1st day of December, I
I'-'iO, will be delinquent and advertii« i d for
tale at public auction, and unless payment
if made before will be sold on Thursday,
the 24th day r>t December, 1500. to pay the
delinquent afWfsmTOt. togreth«>r with the
coets of advertising «"d expanses of sale.
E. H. SHELDOX.
Perretary cf Horolula Sugar Company.
Offic* located at No. 327 Market et., §an
The nian who traveled 86,-
OOO. miles in search of a wife
and has not'found her yet! He
is the greatest matrimonial
freak in the ~ world. Do you
know the greatest musical
freak of Calif orniaP Next Sun-
day's Call will tell you about
both of these remarkable per-
sonages. , .
BAIXROAD TRAVEL.
MtiiTiiKKSi Nvirii) tannxr,
(PACIFIC 3YSTSM.)
TrMtna lrn*«i nml in «• riit* to iirrlto <%%
•.NAM »'ll.*M«:iM«'o.
(Main Line. Foot «f M.rkM Street)
u<Tt — Frou October 1, 19C3. — AEtaiva
*?:OOa DerilcU. Sultan, Elmln, VicarlUe,
ttuiiwy ami •iiiT.i:in*:iro *7ilt>y
*?>OOa Shcata KxpreM-DatU, Williams (fo»
Bartlett Spricgs), Willows, KeU
Bluff. l'o.-tiikii.J. *7«-«5»
•7sH»a Martinez, S»u l:»mon,Valle)o. Nap*.
r»:i.it«'?aaii.l *:>!¦•¦¦* P-»u 'ttrlip
*A:OOa Diris, WooOIaud. Ki.UaU Landhiff.
MurrnTille, OtotiIIr. . •Tsl.'Jr
•»!«O» AtUutir Kxpiraa— Ogden and Cast m V*****
•H-.ntt\ Nile*. Tracy. lAthxop. Stockton «UiI3a
•»i:i»* Hmi .lov. l.lit more. .SCocklnn,
lone, • haeraiin-iito. V\*crnU>,
M»rji»i:ir, Cbieo. ltwl Muff 'IiI.Jf
•«:SOa OnkiUl-. Chinese, Sonera. Carters... *l«l.lr
tllH Haywards. Nil.amnd Way Svttiom. *l 1:13*
•U:iM>* Los Angeles l'.x\ r.- -> — Wat In— .
Tracy, f«tUirr.'|>. .--yck'.oi:, ll-tot-U
Frcmiu and I.i>s Aagu ; ef« *7;13f
*0:3O« V,»ll..j.,, Martinet MH \\ .y Station* *:»: M*
•IOiVHa Tha UvexUml Limited— Osdeo. Den.
Ter.On.iili*. ri.iui*" '6:fl?
•IIiOOa liUea, Stockton. g »cnm nti\ Men-
•lota. Fresno, Ua.i-.lmd, VmsUU.
I\,rrrr»i;!o *1iI3»
•1 1 :00a LiTcrmorn. garner Coahea Junc-
tion. Ui k*r ;t'.. i J, Lot Angeles
•IViAOm lUjvtar.ls J»i;:-«»i.'l VV»y .->t*ttou(. *2i|.1y
tltU<»r M>aauuul» Ititer 3le*Bu>r« ».VOii»
*:tttt» P Ilaywarda. Klba b»4 Way .Station*. *3i4*r
MiOHr Marilum, San K.ioon. Vullejo,
Napa, «¦»]!-•..»». NaiiU Ken* *!>il3*
•IstMir liruicU, Winters, Hacnunento.
Uoii.lln.nl. KnlvliU 2.amlii:tf,
MarjSTilir. «hr<ifill« *l«:<.1a
•4 iJOf Nllen, fcnn Jimexnd Stockton •«il3y
•3:«>OrTlm Owl I.i in itril -Tracy, fresno.
lUkersUel.l, Maiigna for 9auU J:*r-
Wa. I.i.s AilEeira. Mftil-Ii.
•3t«0p Stockton *i):-ISA
•Ssttor Xew Otltto* Excreta— l!»kerulirl<l.
Hant» IUrh«r». Lo« Ang.-lea. ltoiu-
i'lK. £1 r»-o, .Nan Orlsaiia and
Kut •7H!I»
•OsOOp Haiwui!*, Nlle»»mlS«u Jots # «il*A
tOtOMr Vitilejo 'I3il.tr
*U:O«»r Oriental Mall-Os-ioa. Chejenos.
Omaha, Chicago 'fl-.l^r
*fl sO«r Orion tal J!ail— OjiJen. u nter.
Omaha, Chic«#» •¦i:l. 1 »p
•7:«O»Nile>^r«cT, L»throp. 8tockt3n.... # l2:13p
•7iOOr \U*f >¦• auU Calif.r.U Kxt"«w *ao-
. ritineuto.* MaosWIIe. ICmMIng
.. , I""'" 1 ""', •'•'get HoimJ an.l K««t *9i«a
{«>o.1 P Valleju. Port CViU and War «•.»-
tlo»» |ll:ltt>
COAST DIVISION (.'.-arrow Suit*,
(foot of Market Street. >
•Si III A Newar!».e>i!terTMe..San.lo«e,F*>lton,
itouldrrCrfelc.Hai.UOriuaudWay
Stations *«iS«»
|Sil3p Newark, C«ntervillr. San Jnae, Km
AlmacleD, Felton. Itonldxr Creek.
Sauta Crux ami l'rineipal V. *;
Stations \ t « iA«a
, "«il.'»r> Newark, «»u Jose. LosGatos. *S«. p »«a
all<43r Hnnten' Excursion. Sin Jom and
W«r Button t?:30p
CREEK ROUTE FERRY. '
r»am raiscisco— rcit *r iurk»t strut is;» 3 m—
•7:15 9:00 11:00a.m. |1:53 «2:33 {3:33
•4:03 t!:C3 *8:C3r.M.
frimOHUSD— r«l »:Broni». ».—•«. 00 8:00 10 00a.m.
t!2:C3 *I:03 »:33 ?3:03 lt:S3 -t.ZZr.yt.
COAST DITLHMKI {Brawl Omg*>*
(TblrJ m •* Towmemi .Sti.)
t«il4»A Ocean View. South Hmn Fr*nci*cn.. fftiaoW
*7:»«A .San Joa» an.l *7ay Stations (New
Almader We.lnai.Wyi m,lj) *lsS»r
•BiOOa San Ju3». Trrs l'lnoii, H»nU Crux,
Pacille tirofe. l'aao Ituhlea. S*u
I. iiis Ol>iai><>, Hurt, Lorupoc and
Principal Way Htntlona *l:lff?
"Iliilllj flan Jose and Way Htations f »a.1i
•ll::il»* HmiJnniui.1 \V»- Stations *3i:tor
tarfSrSan Mit-o. Kedwco.!, Meolo Park.
Palo Alto. SatiU t:!»ra. 8an Joie.
Tres I'jcos Santa Cruz, galinao.
Monterey and I'actlie GroTe tlOifta.t
f.-fianr San Josaand Way Stations *7:3«r>
fi:ISr SanJose and Principal Way Stations *!»: I.V«
t3:00rSan Jose, Loa Gatoa and Principal
Way HUtloiia ~ ?9:0»»\
•3«3Or Sau Jose aud Principal Way Stations *Ss33«
•«:.1Of San Jose aud Way Stations t»:O«*
qlli'tap 3an Joaaand Way Stations •~:X»r
A for Morning. I* for Afternoon.
'Daily. . tHui.dayexceptad. 1 Sunday only.
q Saturday only.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTS EY. CO.
ZJE1S3^JBj
SAN FRAMGiSCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
. RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry. Foot of .Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. m. : 12:33,
8:30. 8:10. 8:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 D. m. Saturdays— Kxtra trips at l:it>
and 11:30 c. ra.
SUNDAY3-S:C0. »:S0, 11:00 a. m.: 1:80. «:M.
5:00, s:30 d. m.
SAN RAFAE1. TX> SAN FKANC13CO.
TTEEK DAYS— «:10. 7:50. »:20. 11:10 a. m. ; 13:45.
8:49. 6:13 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:33 and 6:35 o. m.
SUNDAYS— 3:10. 9:43. 11:10 a. m.: 1:40, 8:40.
5:05, 8:33 p. tn.
Between Ban Franotsco and Schuetzen Pane
¦ama schedule aa above.
Leave In Effect. I Arriv*
San Francisco. Apr. 15. MOO. I San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | Destination. 1 days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 sm Novatt* 10:40 ami 8:40 am
8:S0pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pmll0:M arn
f:Upm g;00pm Santa Ro»a. 7:35 pm; 6:20 pn
Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor. 10:23 am
Healdsburc-
Lytton.
GeyssrYllle.
S:30 pai 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:33 pm «:C0 pm
7:30 am! I Hopland 1 110:2.1 am
8:30 pm| 8:C0am[ and Uktaa. | 7:33 pmi 6:20 pm
7:30 am 110:25 am
8:00 am Guernevilie. 7:35 pm!
3:30 pm | 6:23 pm
7:30 am! 8:00 am' Sonoma 9:15 am' S:40 am
I and
5:10 pm[ 6:00 praf Glen El!?n. 6:05 pm[ ft:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 am 110:40 am|10:25 am
8:30 pm| 5:C0 pm Sebastopol. | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
Stajres connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for AJtruria: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
Geyserville for Ska«s Springs: at Cloverdalw
for the Geysers: at Holland for Duncan
Sprln«3. Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle. Carla-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakepnrt and Bartlett
Springs; at TJkiah for Vichy Sprinps. Saratoga
Spring, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs, Upper Lake, Pom", Potter Valley,
John Day's, Riverside. Llerley's, Bucknell's.
Sanhedrin Heights. Hullvllle. Orr"« Hot
Springs. Mendoeino CJtr. Fort Brag*. West-
port Usal. WiUlts. Laytonvllle. Cummins.
Bell s Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rate*.
On Sunday ronnd trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, 850 Market at., Chrcntele bids.
H. C. WHITING. -R. X. RYAN.
General Manager, Gen, Pass. Agent.
northTpacifig coast railroad.
¦ Via Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing September 30, 13C0.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAX RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— «:53. •9:15, 11:00 a. m.. *1:43
3:13. 4:00. 5:15, *6:1S. 6:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays and Satur-
day* at 9:00 and 11:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— »S:00. 'lO^.. '11:30 a. m.. *V.IJ.
3:15. »4:45. 6:30. 9:00 p. m.
Trains marked (*) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAF.L TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAT8-5:25. S:30. 7:43, 9:S0 a. m..
•12.30. 1:43, *3:30, 4:3t), 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:43 and 10:20 p. m.
8UXDATS-«:20. *8:CO, *10:00. *11:45 a. m..
•1:40, *3:15, 4:*5. *6:30 p. m.
Tralna marked (•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAX FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:43. 8:43, 7:55. 9:30 a. m..
12:3T>. 2:10.- 3:20, 4:54, 6:20 p. m.
E3XTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. ra. *
SUNDAYS— 8:C5. 10:05 a. m., 12:05, 2:15. 3:30,
COO, 6:43 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS
6:55 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tion*.
1:45 p. m. Saturdays — Tomales and way sta-
. tlons. •
I 8:fl0 a. ra, Sundays— Torr.alea and way sta-
tions.
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily
Leave Market-street Ferry De^ot.
Lve. San Francisco. I 9:00 a m!4:10 p m| S:CO p rr»
Arr. Stockton 12:30 p m 7:li p m 11:05 p aa
" Merced - 2:42 p m ISM » rn
" Fresno 4:20 p ra 3:0a a ra
- Viwlla 6:00 pm 4;50 a m
" Tulare 6:22 prn 6:10 a in
M Hanford 5:33 pm 7:06 am
" Bakers&eld ... S:50 p m 7:33 a ra
" Denver 10:00 a m
•• Kansas City... 5:15 pm
" Chicago 7:43 a m
i a. ra. train Is the Overland Express. Corre-
•pondlng train arrives at 8 p. tn. daily.
4:10 d. m. la Stockton Local. Corresponding
train arrives 11:05 a. m. daily.
8"00 p. m. is Fresno and Bakersfleld Express,
with Sleeping Cars for both cities. CorresF-.-nd-
Irs train arrives at 3 a. m. dally.
OFFICES— 441 Market st. and In Ferry Depot.
Ean Franci<co: 1V1S Broadway. OaXlanrt.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
f>12<" lifcAiEAff «»X- EstaDltaned
In i •*.¦>-! tor tbf tr jsvtmen.cl Private
Diseases, .Lost Manhood. Debility or
disease v*carineoubo<iyandmina ami
Skin Dfseaces. 1 he 'iocw>rc Jreswhcn
others tail. Try hlao. Charpt* low.
€arr«7narantr«^-|. Cal!orwritt\
Dr.Jt ft ulUBOS, Dos liKiT.SaaFruci*"*-
07 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 6 Elizabeth street, thence to St. James
Church, corner Twenty-third and Guerrero
stieets, at 9 o'clock, where a high mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul.
. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
RIEDEL— In Church Springs, Oakdale, Octo-
ber IS, 1900, Charles Erhardt Riedel, dearly
beloved son of William and Wilhelmine Rie-
del, and brother of Albert Riedel, a native
of Ulm, Wurtemberg, Germany, aged 22 years
10 months and 12 days.
RIORDAN— In this city, October 18, 1900, Mary
Elizabeth, boloved daughter of Michael Wil-
liam and Mary Rlordan, and sister of Mar-
garet Helena Rlordan, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 3 years 9 months and 20 days.
ROBL — In this city. October 17, 1300, Margaret
Robl, beloved wife of the late John Robl. and
mother of Frank W., Katie E., John C. and
Henry J. Robl, a native of Mallow, County
Cork, Ireland, aged 63 years 6 months and 4
daj'a.
CTTriends and acquaintances axe respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
October 21. at 8:15 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, $07 Filbert street, between Mason and
Taylor, thence to St. Francis Church, where
a high requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her bouI, commencing at 8:15
o'clock.
SAMUELSEN— In this city. October 17, 1900.
Maren Samuelsen, beloved wife of Charles 8.
Samuelsen. and mother of Charles Johnson
Samuelsen, a. native of Norway, aged 40
years.
tTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 762 Brannan street. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery-
SCHOFIELD^In this city, October 17. 1900,
Annie E., beloved wife of Jacob Schoneld,
mother of Robert M. and George Graham
Srhofield, and oldest daughter of Michael
L>one, a. native of Boston, Mass., aged 46
jears.
C-TTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
the California Undertaking Company, 403
Powell street, near Post. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
SMITH— In this city. October 17. 1300. Catherine
Smith, widow of the late Rudolph Smith of
Seavicw, Sonoma County, Cal., and mother
of Mrs. James Et, Hatton of Guernevllle and
the late Mrs. W. K. Tulloch of San Fran-
cisco, a native of Liverpool, England, aged
73 years.
C7"Fttends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her .late resi-
dence. S41A Howard street, thence to Bt. Pat-
rick's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul
at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
STEFFENS— In Seattle, Wash., October 13,
1300, Diediich J., beloved son of Mathias Stef-
fens, and brother of Fred and Herrman Stef-
fens of Kohlen. Hanover, Germany, and Mrs.
F. Krohn and Henry and John M. Steffens of
Ean Francisco, a native of Germany, aged 4S
years and 11 days.
in^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission ptreet. be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery, via electric funeral car from
Eighth and Harrison streets.
STEWART-In this city. October 17. 1900, Mer-
vin Ray, beloved son of Elisha and Tessie
Stewart of 129 Guerrero street, a native of
California, aged 8 years 7 months and 21 days.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday). Services to be held at the chapel of
the I. O. O. F. Cemetery at 3:15 o"clock.
EUNNY— In Makawoa, Maul Island, H. I.,
September 30. 1900, Tom J. Sunny, beloved
husband of Marlon B. Sunny, and father ft
Tom D. N. Sunny, a native of Scranton, Pa.,
aied 39 years.
(CyTne funeral services will take place
this day (Friday), at I o'clock, at St. Francis
Church, San Pablo avenue, Oakland. Inter-
. mejit private.
VERONICKA— In this city, October 17, 1900,
Gronoweka Margaret Veronicka, dearly be-
loved mother of Mrs. Francis Kawalkowski,
Mrs. Paul Jackowskl and Mrs. Justus Bose,
a native of Poland, aged 71 years.
jCTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8 o'clock, from the residence
of her daughter. Mrs. Frances Kawalkowskl,
northeast corner of Richland and South ave-
nues (Holly Park), thence to St. Boniface's
Church, Golden Gate avenue, between Jones
and Leavenworth streets, for services at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.*
WALTER— In this city, October 17. 1900. Miss
Wilhelmlna Walter, a native of Germany,
aged 38 years 11 months and 10 days.
pyFuneral pervices will be held this day
(Friday), at 3 o'clock, at her late residence,
305 Kearny street. Interment private. Pleaso
omit flowers.
WIGGINS— In the City and County Hospital,
October 13, 1900. Marcus T. Wiggins, a native
of Maine, aged 74 years.
WINSHIP — In Frultvale, October 18, 1900,
George C, beloved husband of Clara 'Win-
shlp. and father of Mrs. Herbert P. Fletcher,
a native of New York City, aged 67 years 7
months and 11 days.
tny Friends and acquaintances axe respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Saturday), at 2 o'clock, at tha
residence of James Taylor, 620 Thirteenth
street, near Clay, Oakland, Cal. Interment
private.
CT'Interment private. No flowers.
HIGHAM— In East Oakland, October 18, 1900.
Sadie J.. beloved wife of John Higham,
mother of Arthur and George Higham, and
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. George Latimer of
San Francisco, a native of Massachusetts,
aged 29 years 6 months and 28 days. •
HOWARD— In the City and County Hospital,
October 18. 1900, Frances Howard, a native of
Nevada, aged 35 years.
JACOBSON— In this city. October 17. 1900,
Albert Jacobson, a native of Gottenberg,
Sweden, aged 42 years.
(PTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from Druids' Hall. 413
Sutter street, under the auspices of Templar
Grove No. 19, U. A. O. D. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
KIRKPATRICK— In this city. October 18. 1900,
James, beloved husband of Julia Kirkpatrlck,
a native of England, aged 74 years.
C7"Remalns at the paxlors of H. F. Suhr &
Co., 1137 Mission street, between Seventh and
Eighth. Notice of funeral hereafter.
LAWS-In this city, October 18. 1900, George
G.. beloved husband of Elizabeth Laws, son
of Mrs. Rose Laws, and brother of B. C.
Pearl. Lelah. Josephine, Ruth and ! Grace
Laws, Mrs. E. Rock, Mrs. F. D. Johnson.
Mrs. E. W. Wainwright and Mrs. J. J. Brad-
ley, a native of California, aged 28 years 8
months and 18 days. .
LEWIS— In Fruitvale, Alameda County, Octo-
ber 17. 1900. William Alva Lewis, husband of
the late Almira M. Lewis, and father of Mrs.
A. M. Beale and Urban A., Walter S. and
Charles H. Lewis, a native of Erie, Pa,, aged
71 years 8 months and 28 days.
E7Funeral services this day (Friday), at
10 o'clock, at the residence of his son, urban
A. Lewis, corner of Tevis and Putnam
streets, Fruitvale. Interment private.
McQUILLAN— In Oakland, October 18, 1800.
William McQuillan, beloved brother of Peter.
Charles and Agnes McQuillan and Mrs. Burt
Landerback. and stepbrother of Mrs. James
E. Broderick and Mrs. P. J. Smith, a native
of San Francisco, aged 25 years 9 months
and 10 days.
(EyRemains at the parlors of J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co., 767 Mission street. Notice of fu-
neral hereafter.
MURRAYr-In this city, October 17. 1900, John
F., beloved son of Michael and Elizabeth
Murray, and brother of Joseph M. Murray, a
native of San Francisco, aged 29 years 2
months and 28 days.
mann, and father of Willie, Elsie, Dora, and
David Guldemann, a, native of Baden, Ger-
many, aged 35 years 3 months and 13 days.
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited. to attend tho funeral Sunday.
October 21. at 2 o'clock, from the paxlors of
H. F. Buhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
HEANEY— In this city. October 17, 1900, John
Heaney, beloved husband of tlw late Jane
• Heaney, and father of John Michael and the
late Iiosa.na Heaney, a native of Ireland,
aged 67 years.
(CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
i (Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 737 Thirteenth street, thence to Mis-
sion Dolores Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
' Holy Cross 'Cemetery.
HIGGINS— In this city, October 18, 1900, Mary
Ella Hlgglns (nee Kenney), beloved wife of
William J. Illgglns, and sister Qf John J.
Kenney, a native of San Francisco. (New
Orleans papers please copy.)
Fare, San Francisco to Summit and Return,
SI 40.
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN.
Ticket offices. 621, Market st» Sausallto Ferry.
Leaves San Francisco, via Sausallto Ferry:
WEEK DAYS 9:15 a. m.: 1:45 and 4:00 d. m.
SUNDAYS S:00. 10:CO. 11:30 and 1:15 p.m
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
NOTICE is hereby given that the Maria Kip
Orphanage of 520 Lake ct., San Francisco, has
received the following orphan and half-or-
phans from July 1 toOctober 1. 1900: Amelia
A. L. Dienst, 11 years 8 months; Emma Alice
Planto. 9 years 4 months; • Emily O'Nell. 4
years E months: Henrietta B. Clark, 9 years
5 months; Edna Ccrscilia, 7 years 4 months;
Irene Corsdlla, S years: Mary Ellen Morgan,
10 years 4 months; Lucy Rose Morgan, S
years 8 months.
SPECIAL NOTICE?.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
415 Montgomery St.. rooms 8-10; tel. B5S0.
pOI CASH. ?15 monthly; 2-st#ry house of 6
rooms and bath, laundry, large pantry, plenty
closets: model home now being erected: will
finish at r.nce to suit buyer; city water and
sewer; fine srh<>oi: one block from «»l»-ctrie
car lines; Fraud site; fine neighborhood; no
fog nor cold winds; afljolning East Oakland;
price all told ilCVO: we this at once, ac it Is a
decided bargain; 43.' Seventh St.. near Broad-
way. Oaklan-1: carriage free, H. Z. JONES.
Owner.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 110 (fifty
cents per share) of the Oceanic Steamship
Company will be payable at the office of the
company. 327 Market St., on and after Thurs-
day, November 1. 1900. Transfer books close
Friday. October 26, 1900, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON; Secretary.Swim at the Crystal Baths.
Recommended -by physicians. Water always
clean and warm. Tub department best- in city.*
An Active Uniform Club.
% The. Young Men's Republican Uniform
Club held .a mass-meeting at their arm
ory.* 831- Howard street, last evening. Ad
dresses were delivered by D. Kinsella
ex-Senator- Linehan and Captain Cassidy
The club indorsed George H. Bahrs tor
The Australia for Tahiti.
This favorite steamer, under command of
Captain Lawless, will, sail for Papeete Novem
ber 1st. Hitherto these charming islands of the
South Seas have^been reached by galling vessels
requiring ~3<r to 40 days ~ but the tlme'pf new
steamship service will be 10& days. Ask for
particulars of the. low excursion rate at 643
Market street. ", , , r . ' .
Phelan and Sims on a Tour.
Mayor Phelan and Senator J. C. Sims,
chairman of the Democratic State Central
Committee, left yesterday morning on a
speechmaking tour through the interior
and Southern California. They spoke at
Fresno last night. To-night they will
speak at Los Angeles, to-morrow night
at San> Bernardino and Monday night at
San Diego.
A Democratic rally will be held Monday
night at Harmony Hall. Mission and Erie
streets, in' the Thirty-fourth Assembly
District. J. H. Henry will be the principal
speaker. • * i
Next Large Republican Rally to Be
Held on Tuesday
Night
SHORTRIDGE TO SPEAK
The next Republican meeting of special
note wilt be held at Metropolitan Temple
Tuesday night. Samuel M. Shortridge
will be the speaker. Mr. Shortridge has
epoken during the campaign in all the
principal towns of. the State and has had
large audiences everywhere. His speeches
have been a feature of the campaign.
Will A. Harris of Los Angeles will
speak at Metropolitan Temple Friday
night, October 26.
Former United States District Attorney
H S. Foote will deliver an address at
Lemoore to-morrow night.
SAY BEYER BLUFFED
TO BEAT CREDITORS
Detectives . Investigate a Burglary
They 'Say Was a Ruse to Zs
-- cape Debts.
.Max Beyer, who conducts a saloon at 44
Second street, yesterday reported to the
police that his place of business had been
entered and the cash drawer rifled of its
contents, amounting to $500. He also
claimed that the burglars had 'left behind
a "Jimmy," which they had used in forc
ing open the cash drawer.
Detectives McMahon and "Whitaker were
detailed on the case, and after a short in
vestigation they became convinced that
no burglary had been committed. The
"Jimmy" which Beyer says was dropped
by the burglars belonged to the saloon
having been used as an ice pick.
E Beyer, they declare, is heavily in debt
and as his creditors were pressing him he
concocte<l the burglary story in the hone
that they would grant him further time
to settle up.
GEORGE A. KNIGHT TO SPEAK.
He and General Barnes Will Be Heard
Before the Campaign Ends.
George A. Knight and General "W. H.
L. Barnes will both be heard in political
speeches before the close of the cam
paign. Knight has yielded to the solicita
tions of the State Central Committee and
will, deliver several speeches through the
Interior. His itinerary is being arranged,
and it will probably include San Fran
cisco. .
• General Barnes has consented to pre
side and deliver the principal speech at a
Joint rally of the University of Califor
nia and Stanford McKinley and Roose
velt clubs, to be held at Metropolitan
Temple on November 2. This will be
practically the closing rally of the cam
paign.
Manuel Perara. a fisherman was con
victed by a jury in Judge Cook's court
yesterday on the charge of forgery and
will be sentenced to-morrow. July 4 ho
passed a forged check for J45 on the
American Fish Association, purporting to
have been signed by Josef Prlosta. Tha
Jury was only out a few minutes.
Convicted of Forgery.
The Hayes Valley Improvement Clr.b
held a meeting Tuesday evening and after
heai-inc: reports from the various commit
tees heartily indorsed Arthur G. Fisk for
member of the Assembly from the Thlrly •
seventh District.
Arthur Q. Fisk Indorsed.
POLICE AGAIN ASKED TO
FIND WILLIAM BROWN
The Son. of the Scotland "Miniate!
Being Anxiously Sought For
by His Relatives.
The police of this city have again been
asked to assist In finding William Brown,
son of Rev. George Brown of Aberdeen.
Scotland
Brown, who la 26 years old, left his hom«
In Scotland In November, 1SSS, after an
nouncing that h» intended to visit tola
State. The last heard of him was la Ba
kersfleld, where he was employed as a
laborer by Haggln & Carr. who were en
gaged in constructing an Irrigation canal.
So far as is known. Brown left Bakers
field in March, 1SS9. Since then no traca
of him has been found.
Several years ago the relatives of tha
missing young man wrote to Patrick
Crowley. who was then Chief of Police.
bepging him to find young Brown. A»
officer was sent to. Bakersfleld. but beyond
learning that Brown had worked ther© no
trace of his whereabouts was found.
Captain Seymour intends to make an
other search for Brown, but he has littla
hope of finding him.
Penniless and hungry and carrying in
her arms an infant girl of 15 months.
Lena Halstead last night applied at tho
City I»rison for a place to sleep.
"Please let me stayhere for the night,"
pleaded the unfortunate woman. "My
baby will die If she Is kept out in the
wind and rain any longer."
Corporal Hickey promptly allowed her
to enter and turned her and her hapless
offspring over to the matron. After being
given some food. Mrs. Halstead said she
was the wife of M. Haistead. who at one
time was superintendent of the Country
Club of Marin County.
"He left me about a year ago," tear
fully rematked the woman, "after prom
ising to return in a short time.
Not hearing- from him, I began to suspect
that he had deserted me. and I soon
found that my suspicions were correct.
Being unable to procure steady employ
ment, I was forced to place one of my
children in a public institution. This
morning, finding myself with only 5 centa.
I rode in a car to the Maria Kip Orphan
age, determined to place my baby girl In
the Institution and then try to eke out
even a miserable existence for myself.
To my surprise. I was informed that the
Institution was crowded and that my
child would not be received. I walked
all the way from the orphanage to the
City Prison, where I felt that I would
at least receive shelter." .
1 Captain of Detectives Seymour has in
terested himself in the sad case and to
day he Intends to appeal to several
charitable organizations In the hope of
having the unfortunate woman and her
child cared for.
It "Was Refused Admission at the
Maria Kip Orphanage, so the
Mother Took It to the
City Prison.
Sad Story of Mrs. Halstead
and Her Homeless,
Helpless Infant.
NO ROOM IN
ORPHANAGE BUT
PLENTY IN JAIL
Superior Judg« and promised him their
full support. The club will escort Samuel
M. Shortrldge to Metropolitan Tempi*
next Tuesday night In full uniform.
Republicans held an enthusiastic meet
ing a.t Franklin Hall, 1839 Fillmore street
last night. The hall was filled with the
men and women of the Forty-first Assem
bly District. Horace Davis, Congressman
Loud and D. E. McKlnlay were the speak
ers. No mention was made of local boss
candidates, and they did not grace the
meeting with their presence.
Horace Davis, president of the Forty
first District Republican Club, called th»
meeting to order as chairman of th<
evening. He spoke briefly as follows:
lly Friends and* Fellow-Citizens: I am glad
to ree so full a meeting out here where we are
all neighbors. It shows an interest In the cam
paign that is very gratifying. Four years ago
we had the hottest political campaign since the
war. The result was for us— for Republican
ism. It was net a question of Democracy
apalnst Republicanism. It was Bryanlsm. and
a large part of the old Democracy remained
neutral or were active for us.
Now we are face to face with the same set
of men. face to face with the same issues. In
the last four years industries have been
awakened, labor has found employment and
all the prophecies of Bryan have proved false.
In every line and in every direction the coun
try has prospered.
And now we are asked to reverse this, to put
in power the man who asserts that he still
stands upon the Chicago platform. • I cnunot
bc-lleve that the American people are so blind
to their own interests as to Indulge in any
such vagaries.
Back of all the later Issues that have been
raised He the Issues of four years ago. The
election of Bryan would mean the rehabilitation
of silver, the establishment of free trade and
the recurrence of hard times such as we had
In the period beginning in 1892.
The "Rough Rider Quintet" sang sev
eral songs, after which Mr. Davis intro
duced Eugene F. Loud, who spoke In part
as follows:
Ladies and Gentlemen: It seems to- me that
to-night, at least, I am In the house of my
friends, and I am afraid you may spoil my
speech. I can talk better in tho house of my
enemies. During the last few days I have been
in the southern part of the Fifth Congressional
District, and I have seen stamped on the faces
of the people a determination to put down for
all time this Bryanlsm.
The conservative leaders of the Democratic
party have been driven out of It. During my
term In Congress I have seen the old Demo
cratic leaders driven out of the party one by
one by the heresies that have been Introduced
into It.
We know that the Demoerntlo party stands
first for free trade. We know that Mr. Bryan
and his most enthusiastic followers stand for
the free coinage of silver at the ratio of 16
to 1 if they stand for anything under the sun.
It matters not what a party chooses to call
the paramount Issue. While our opponents axe
talking Imperialism from one end of the coun
try to the other, yet free trade and free sil
ver are the fundamental doctrines of the
Democratic party.
The Republican party during the three years
and a half of Its administration has fulfilled
every promise to the people. From the very
moment of the inauguration of President Mc-
Klnley the wheels of progress began to re
volve more and more rapidly, until now we
are at the very apex of prosperity— such pros
perity as the world has never seen.
I would like to have some one tell me what
Imperialism is in this republic with a school
house on every hill top. The progress of the
nations everywhere Is toward a greater parti
cipation of the people In the governments and
few Imperialistic nations exist any longer even
in Europe.
If I had had the power I would not have con
fronted the nation with these perplexing ques
tions, but we have the Philippines and we
must solve the problem as best we can. We
have an able commission there working out the
details of the government of the islands.
I believe that the people will go to the poll*
in November determined to strike down the
hand that alms a blow at the country's honor
and greatness and to keep on the quarterdeck
the President of our period of grreat prosperity.
The Rough Riders sans again, after
which D. E. McKlnlay was Introduced.
He spoke in. part as follows:
This Is one of the most Important campaigns
ever entered Into by the people of the United
States. The evolutionary movements of recent
times have taken the United States out of Its
isolation and made it the most Important of
all the world powers. We nnd now that the
Golden Gate opens out upon the broad piazza
of the Pacific. The great Pacific Ocean has
become little more than an American lake.
We know that our armies went forth not to
oppress, but in the cause of liberty. There has
bem no thought of imperialism. If the consti
tution be not violated there can be no imperial
lFm,' and our Democratic friends have failed to
show us a single instance where the consti
tution has been \-lolate<l.
AVe believe that Providence itself has brought
it about that the nation In the forefront of the
world Dowers has been placed In authority In
the PhiliDDines. Ours the glorious task to
lead the world to liberty: shall we refuse the
burdens? From Plymouth Rock to the Phil
ippines the march of liberty has never ceased.
Republicans of Forty-First Assem
bly District Turn Out in Force.
Boss Candidates Eliminated
From Discussion.
Horace Davis, Congressma
Loud and D. E. McKin
lay the Speakers;
BRYANISM DEALT
BODY BLOWS AT
FRANKLIN HAL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 19, 1900.
14
Conic Just to See
Great American ImpqrtiDc Tea Co.
W'orant are., Butter and Post ttx.
tn Market »t.. OPP- P°»»»-
k* \f»rk*t at., junction California.
OUR BRANCH STORES EVERYWHERE
DR.MCNDLTY.
n<niS WEfX-KN'OWN AND RFXIABLE OLD
L SpeciaIistct*re»R!ooil Poiaon,Cionorrbcea.Glp«t.
stricture. Sf-nilnal Weakoesx.lmpou-ncsand their
¦ Hied Disorders, r.oote on Diseaws of Mei». free.
OverCOyearV experience. Termi reasonable. Hoon,
9to3daUy;6.noto3.30ev'(ts.Sanday»,lOu> K. C«nMii-
totlonfreeand sacredly coofldential. Call or address
P. IIOSCOE MfXULTY.M.D.
30 Ji Kearnj- »t. f Sao Francisco, CsU
•j4&5^^ PAINLESS
Our $5.00 Plates
§||^^^^ DR. Yl. WALSH
NS^jLSLJ* 1^^ 825-% GEARY STREET
Between Hyde and Larkln.
Telepnone Polk 1135.
Trunks & traveling bass. B*foro buying 1 ae*
our "bureau trunk." A. B. Smith Co.. 123 Ellis.*
Ladles' tailor-made suits, silk skirts, far
capes; liberal credit. M. Rothschild. 528 Sutter. •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
3 "«»« Premiums Ff*Ap
many GlVCIl Al II
WITH
Teas, Coffees,
Spices, Extracts,
Soda, Baking Powder
Good Time and Place to iiu>
I Offerings Like These Make Us Busy: \
B BE PREPARED FOR RAIN. Ij
U LADIES' AND GENTS* UMBRELLAS. n
H Made of best Italian twill cloth, steel rod, steel frame, Congo wood \\
H ftk handles. German silver trimmed, a variety of handles to ¦
H JX*£i cnoo s e from. The reliable store's price 75c ¦
U liflL SAVING WOMEN, READ THIS! U
B I^ua*JT LADIES' VESTS, made of extra fine Peruvian cot- fl
j ft. ZSM/\ ton, fleece lined, winter weight, Swiss ribbed, hi^h neck. M
H fl« G sSr/i » long sleeves, crocheted neck drawn throueh with silk U
LJ / il*W£ I tape> ?lso pant3 t0 matcn » ankle length, French bands m
m / rw/l 7 dozen LADIES' OXEITA COMBINATION N
n / \W I \ SUITS, hich neck, long sleeves, ankle length, made of U
Lr/lH ' \ ne Australian wool, Swiss ribbed, steam shrunk; colors if
U jfy*— } gray and white - For to-day and to-morrow 91.23 ¦
H one item WATST TIFPARTIYTENT « fl» fl
&H FROM OUR *r xllO 1 i/Xji An 1 iUuli 1 • Ju^p, m^ x 1}
n LADIES' FLANNEL WAISTS, made, of "»^ a
II good quality pressed flannel, tucked back, full !fij£ jfafc^Ss^,., H
3j front, gilt buttons, new sleeve, flare cuff; colors /«'?*^iS*3S^^\ j j
3 red, blue, brown, black and navy; all sizes; an un- (•O^£tf5w*yK\ ¦
What Yoa Want Is a j Jf^J I *LJ H
J RAINY-DAY SKIRT. 1-4& \ * m U
1 For Health and Sanitary Causes It Has No Equal ! |H
S It is made of all-wool plaid back golfing, cut after most approved H
I tailor patterns, the Ducet back, lap front, welted seams, stitched bot- M
M torn. For to-day and to-morrow 93«J)5 ¦
H -~,r-**«-~zs' interesting HOSIERY DEPARTMFNT 1
was ~ X^- ¦ i<J£.*"j VALUES IN OUR *lv/Oli-iil 1 UEtl JtXxxX UlluVt 1. M
M LADIES' FAST BLACK HOSE, colored tops. LJ
new * ace cctSi double heels, double toes, full M
U length. You have never seen or bought hosiery be- B
US <4r^iBK&4^ ore at t ' iese prices 1 7c I!
M AND «T'LL ANOTHER! gj
M .JfA^s 8^ dozcn LAE ! IES ' EW . LACE EFFECT |j
U HOSE, same quality as above, in fast black. One of H
h T ** m^ our star offerings ......17c U
I AN OPPORTUNITY IN LACES. I
M sooo yards TORCHON LACE, all the newest patterns, 3 inches ¦
JU wide, a lace that we guarantee to wash. Values that tell 5c yard m
m WE MANUFACTURE THESE OURSELVES: fl
n LADIES' FLANNELETTE GOWNS, made of fine striped flan- ¦
LJ nelette, tucked yoke, collar and sleeves of solid colors, trimmed with !§|
|2 torchon lace insertion. These gowns are perfect in every detail, in- B
H eluding buttons and buttonholes. U
P? Warmth and health for very little money ...... ._...„..,. ...05c n
I JOE ffOSE/VBEffC, U
¦ 816 Market Street, n
LJ Running Through to 11 0'Farrell St. Mail Orders Solicited. In
1
As the Smart Shade in Men's Over-
coats for This Winter.
Made in the fashion as pictured above, forms one
of a cluster of Smart Overcoats, in every conceiv-
able shade, in every shade that is fashionable, for
which we tax you
$11.00
__________________ •
Olive Shades
—IN—
Hen's Suits
Tailored as only we hnow how to tailor clothes.
Our Famous
True Blue Serge
Suits
Are onnong a beautiful collection of Men's Fash-
ionable Winter Suits, for which' we tax you
$11.00
See window display of these garments.
( !¦ -T VflTP/ - - ; "* > Jfcfid
Ww Union jfisyAMKAwHum.
Campaign Issues
That're Highly Interest-
ing to Those That Have*
BOYS TO DRESS
Smart Fashions.
Priced Small.
flTvt IN BLUE
I * In that stylish, rough ef-
\\ \ .? feet, as pictured opposite,
\\ v y for chaps between the ages
M \ V. of 3 and 8 years. Priced
m ' 98c
?o-»-o-»-e-»-©-»-o-»- c ?
- .^^ -«-o-»-c-»-o-«.o-«-o-»-o -»¦
(5-. — —^1- »n -•-C-»-0-»-0-^0-»-C-»- 0 -•-
_\ "—— j -«-o-»-o-»-o-*-c-»-o-»-o -»¦
SNAPPY
/[ W[\ DRESSY
("I M WINTER
\L I Ml TOP
I j IN 5T0NE GRAY
f(Tr.c New Shade)
And several other equally
as swell sh ades, to fit ch aps
ujx to 14 vears. Values
up to $5.00 among these.
$2.50
C"*-o-» c-*-o-*-c-»-o-»-o
©?o-*-o-»-o-»-o-»-o-»-o
DOUBLED
% Where
Ir^k D° u k'e Strength
Is Required
Seats and Knees
1 Blh lit jiiJISS Some right swell suits in
% r '•'^^S^r^-^ all-wool Scotches, sijtartln
tailored, trousers with
Jjfcjj* — ;rp^2J double seat and knees;
• j_4i — fjj-.HjrrJf; smart Scotchy patterns;
\X-M — i!j — ja<j| durable fabrics; sizes 8 to
*ijJ^*Mr 15 years. Priced
trff YM Values to $3.50
L*/O*~*"2 I L *^^ 1 a 1 A 1 t I k A 1 i 1 1 I 1 1 i 1 1 1 i i 1 i 1
|p" MK { WcMI Bewilder You With J
K*i 3? * Smart and New Fashion > in *
t^f jsg -ti Overcoats for B«jJ and . *-
r"i ffi £ Little Chaps. We'll Keep J
Ji V /|'l * You Busy for Hours Looking *
<£SE||2^gj t§s/j "* at *- m » so Great and *-
'"----•-¦¦ Ip/ £ Varied Is Our Winter Stock. J
¦ • • * *
#^COMi*i» KEARNYi/lBEET
UNION i^CJARE AVKKWE.
ADVEKTISEM2OTS.