VOLUME LXXXYIII-NO. 138.
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1900.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Negotiations Between the Powers and
China Should Be Instituted With
out Further Delay.
PEACE ONLY CAN
STOP OUTBREAKS
Operators Do Not Appear to Be in a
Yielding Mood, and Strike of Coal
Miners Remains to Be Settled.
OPPOSED TO THE
NEW WAGE SCALE
SIR EUGENE SATOW. K. C. M. G.. THE FORMER BRITISH MINISTER
AT TOKIO. WHO REPLACES SIR CLAUDE liACDOXALD AS E11BA3-
SADOR Av PEKING.
Continued on Second Page.
Continued' on 'Second Page.
Continued on Second Fag_e.
Plague Suspect Near London.
LONDON. Oct. 16— A case of lllnera,
suspected to be bubonic plague. Is report
ed «t Stepney, a parish and suburb o!
London,
Roosevelt Closes His
Campaign in Old
Kentucky.
COVINGTON. Ky., Oct. 13.-Ad
dressing one of the largest crowds
that ever assembled in this city.
Governor Theodore Roosevelt to
night closed his campaign in Ken
tucky and to-morrow will proceed on_ his
tour of Ohio. Long before the Governor's
.arrival here Courthouse square, in which
the speaker's stand had been erected and
decorated, was congested with men and
women anxious to hear him. Though the
audience was not so enthusiastic as that
which nathered at Lexington or that at
Mount Sterling or at Ashland, or at Mays
vllle, the Governor was given the most
respectful attention and he was inter
rupted frequently by applause or by per
sons who made friendly comments upon
the salient points of his speech. It was
the tenth speech Governor Roosevelt had
made since morning, the first being at
Lexington,, where. W. C. P. Breckinrldge
and Judge Durham, both ex-Confederate
officers, put the crowd in the best of
humor in jointly Indorsing the .Governor.
Then at Winchester and next at Mount
Sterling other large crowds greeted the
arrival of the train, providing parades.
Moorehead, .Ashland, Greenup, South
Portsmouth. Vanceburg and Maysville in
successive order paid tribute to the Gov
ernor's popularity in Keptucky, and the
crowd which gathered at the depot here
betrayed no diminution of the desire to
see him. .
Early in the day Leslie Combs, chair
man of the Republican State Committee,
had received dispatches from Covlngton,
informing him that Republican leaders
were apprehensive that an organized ef
fort would be made to break up to-night's
meeting:. Mr. Combs hurriedly transmit
ted his information to the Governor,
whereat the_ ; latter smiled broadly and as
sured tli#^(S|lrman that there could be
no possiDjaVc/knger of serious interruption
of hisj^ouAin* Kentucky. To insure abso
lute tranqihint$E/and to provide against
any hostility, Chief of Police
PjighN aij4^thc^ Sheriff of this county
ddub)e*d;-llJ*n/ forces. All such precau
tions, howevV^'proved* to be unnecessary,
for beyond isolated instances of good
natured * badinage and the tooting of a
few tin horns,' the meeting was as peace
able as a matinee.
The Governor's speech was brief. After
the speaking Governor Roosevelt was es
corted by the 'First Voters' Club of Cin
cinnati to the Grand Hotel, In that city,
where an informal reception was held and
where he will remain until to-morrow
morning, when .he will enter upon his
itinerary in Ohio. In his 6peech to-night
Governor Roosevelt •?said:
"I wish to appeal to you, men of Ken
tucky, In the name of civil liberty. ', I
regard the currency as an important is
sue; I regard our prosperity as an Im
portant .Issue; but* more important than
anything else is the right of every man
to casf his vote as he chooses and to have
it counted as cast. ' We can afford to dif
fer on questions of policy; but we cannot
afford to differ upon the fundamental
rights of American citizenship. (Ap
plause.) : .
"In the State . of Kentucky every *man
is in honor bound to stand up and see that
"I am glad to talk to an audience com
posed so largely of women, for certainly
In this coijtest the woman Is as much In
terested as the man. Is not the mother
interested In her son? Is not the mother
Interested in making life worth something
for her son? I wish that every mother
in this land could study the trust ques
tion and learn her own connection with it.
She finds out about it when she goes to
buy sugar and other articles controlled
by the trusts and is told that the trusts
have raised the prices. But to my mind
that Is the least objection to the trust.
If the trusts raise prices we can simply
buy less, but when a trust monopolizes an
industry and closes the door of oppor
tunity against' the young man -and at
tempts to condemn a man to a permanent
clerkship under monopoly and to servi
tude under- a great monopoly, then mon-
After the outdoor meeting at
town closed Mr. Bryan was escorted to
the epera-housc, where he spoke. Here
Bryan spoke of the importance of the
campaign, saying -that the contest was
not more his than it was that of other
people who were concerned about the wel
fare of the nation at large. He referred
to Ihe presence of so many ladies, and
addressing himself to them, said:
Mn* Bryan spoke twice in Youngstown,
first in the public square and then In the
opera-house. His Experience at the open
air meeting strikingly Illustrated the fu
tility of getting together excessively large
crowds for a political meeting. In the one
important respect of attracting many peo
ple to see the national candidate the meet
ing was an unsurpassed triumph; in the
other respectof giving people -an oppor
tunity to hear him It was a failure, and
tho success one way was the cause of the
failure the other. People had been coming
into the city, from Ohio and Pennsylvania
all day. so that when Mr. Bryan arrived
at 4:20 in the afternoon all the principal
streets were ' crowded and the square
around the speaker's stand, possibly 400
feet on each side, was densely packed
with people struggling to get near the
platform and to secure a glimpse of the
lion of the occasion. There was no effort
to create trouble, but the natural hum of
thousands of voices and the struggle for
place was such as to almost destroy the
effect of the speech. The stand provided
for the accommodation to seat sixty per
sons held 400 standing. The arms of news
paper men on the stand were pinioned so
close that they could n^t raise them to
write and those who were twenty fe*»t
away could not hear the speech. Mr.
Bryan himself had scarcely more room
than was necessary for him to stand erect
and a squad of policemen was necessary
', i.teserve the space for him. Tho3e who
were able to hear received the speech
with frequent bursts of applause, and this
was often taken up by others far away
from the range of the speaker's voice, so
that it may be said that the meeting »--a.s
enthusiastic even though mest of those
present failed to hear what was said.
"I understand that this is the birthplace
of the President of the United States. Tou
have the honor now of being tho birth
place of the President, whether he holds
one term or two. He cannot be born
again and give you another chance. You
had all you can Have out of it."
* manner to a compar
atively email number o7 people who
had congregated at tha railroad sta
tion. Before entering upon his speech
proper he referred to the fact "that the
place was intimately associated with the
career of his distinguished rival for Presi
dential honors, saying:
that issue is our *
,preeem conditions and the continuation of
them. The full dinner pail is the best ar
gument I know of."
A' voice, "How about the coal mines?"
"The coal mines are all right," said the
Senator.
A voice, "How about the strike?"'
"The strike will be settled this week."
replied Mr. Hanna.
"All wind!" a voice shouted.
"The only things I know of that are a
superfluity of wind are Bryan Demo
crats," rejoined the Senator. "I want to
ask "this audience of worklngmen what
W. J. Bryan has ever done for the work
ing people of this country?"
A voice, "Nothing!"
I "There is not a man here but who
knows that William McKinley has been
the best friend of the working people of
any man this country has ever produced."
At Racine another large crowd greeted
the Republican national chairman, de
manding a sneech, and Senator Hanna
complied in a few word3 covering sub
stantially the same ground as covered in
his speech at the Junction.
Ailis, a suburb, of Milwaukee, was the
noxt stop. Here the train was surrounded
by workingmen from the rolling- mills and
other near-by manufactories. Mr. Hanna
spoke briefly, sayin? it gave him extreme
pleasure and gratification to meet so
many persons. He said he was not con
nected with the speakers' bureau when
he came qut to meet the people face to
face; that he belonged to the executive
department of the Republican National
Committee, and that he wished to tell Re
publicans and Democrats alike that ev
erything was coming out all right, and
that there would be four, yes, ten years
more of prosperity, and appealed to all to
enter the band wagon. He wanted to
show the people on this trip, he said, that
he was not as the papers caricatured him
—with horns.
The first extended stop of tho day was
made at Waukesha, Wls., where elabo
rate preparations had been made for. the
reception of the Senator. Escorted by a
reception committee, which m*t the spe
cial train at Milwaukee, Senator Hanna
and party on arriving at Waukesha were,
driven through the decorated streets of
the city to the Casino, near one of the
springs. The building was packed to the
doors some time before the party arrived.
The appearance of Senators Hanna and
Frye was the Eigr.al for applause, which
lasted for several moments. Senator
Frye was Introduced and spoke at some
length.
When Senator Hanna was introduced
some one asked if there was anything the
matter with Hanna and the audience
roared that he was all right. Senator
Hanna bowed and waved his ; handker
chief to a crowd of young ladles on tha
si#ge. decorated to represent the different
States of the Union, and when quiet had
been restored spoke in part as follows:
"I consider the Issues and results of this
campaign second in importance to none
since the foundation of our Government,
certainly since the foundation of the Re
publican party. Tconsider it of such Im
portance because It comes down to a pure
business proposition— a proposition in
which is involved our well being, the com
fort and happiness of our families, the
maintenance of a policy in the adminis
tration of our Government which means
a continuance of this grand development
of this great nation, a continuation of
prosperity which brings happiness to
every fireside and wealth and '¦ greatness
CALL BUREAU. WELLINGTON
HOTEL, WASHINGTON, Oct. 15.
There Is no concealment t>y the
authorities of their earnest de
sire that peace negotiations between
the powers and ' China be Instituted at
once. Only such action, the officials be
lieve, can prevent fresh outbreaks which
may further embarrass this Government
In attempting to bring about a nrompt
solution of the entire question Without
affecting the administrative and terri
torial entity of China.
This belief is based on representations
made to the State Department by Minister
Wu and dispatches received by Secretary
Hay from W. W. Rockhill. Special Com
missioner of the United States In China.
Mr. Rockhill has submitted a report show
ing that upon his arrival in Tokio he in
terviewed the outgoing Minister for For
eign Affairs and also Marquis Ito. the new
Premier. He received most satisfactory
assurances from these gentlemen relative
to the policy Japan proposed to pursue.
From Japan Mr. Rockhill went to
Shanghai, where he saw LI Hung Chang,
and then went to Peking. He reported an
interview pome days ago with the Viceroy
cf Shantung. That official^ announced his
willingness to continue tbe policy of sup
pressing the revolt, but he urged that
peace n*go«ations be instituted as rapidly
as possible, as he believed it would be im
possible to prevent an outbreak unless
some step in the direction of official peace
were taken.
Mr. Rockhill has r.ow gone to visit the
Viceroy of Shanshltung. Mr. Rockhill is
doing good work In allaying any suspicion
the Chinese officials may entertain re
specting the policy of the United States,
and is supplying Information to Secretary
Hay of great value.
Secretary Hay has received no confirma
tion of the report that the Emperor and
Empress Dowager have determined to re
turn to Peking. ' Minister Wu is likewise
In Ignorance of any such. purpose. .Mr.
Conger has not reported the alleged con
ference of diplomats in Peking relative to
Germany's suggestions.
DEFEATED BY REFORMERS.
Have Lost 200 in Killed.
Force of Imperial Troops Said to
HONGKONG. Oct. 15.— Sun Sat Sen. ac
cording to reports from Canton, has taken
the town of Kiushan on East River and
is now Investing the prefectoral city of
Huichau. A force of Imperial troops from
Canton was defatted by the reformers.
200 being killed. *
The advices say also that there is great
activity In Canton, In preparation for dis
patching troops to the disturbed districts.
TROOPS ON THE FRONTIER.
British Authorities Anxious to Shut
Out All , Armed Refugees.
HONGKONG. Oct. 15.— A column of
troops was dispatched this morning to the
Kowloon frontier with -- the object of
barring armed refugees, either rebels or
Imperial troops, from enterins British
territory when defeated. The rebels are
reported to be three thousand strong
thirty miles north of the British frontier.
A thousand of Admiral Ho's troops are in
pursuit of them, while two thousand Chi
nese troops have left Canton overland to
intercept the rebels.
Admiral Ho has informed the Governor
that the rebellion was carefully planned.
The rebels are anxious to y conciliate the
villagers and gain the respect of foreign
ers, hence the absence of outrage or pil
lage. All Indications point to the rising
being widespread. . Outbreaks occurred
simultaneously* In several centers of
Kwaagtung and Kwangsi. Apparently
Kang Tu Wei. Bun Tat Sen and tha
Triads have amalgamated their forces la
the. common cause — the overthrow of
Mancfcu rule in South China.
Some positive Indication of the attftnda
of tha foreign powers Is anxiously
awaited.
A French launch was captured by
pirates October 13 near Mongchow. Tha
pirates secured $32,000 In specie.
SUPPRESSING THE DISORDERS.
More Than Ten Thousand Chinese
Troops Engaged In the Work.
HONGKONG. Oct. 15.-More than 10.000
Chinese troops are engaged In suppressing
the disorders on the adjacent mainland.
The whole delta Is aflame with rebellion
started by the Triads, assisted by Sun Tat
Sen and Kangr Tu Wei. leaders of the re
form parties. The town of "Weichou Is la
possession of the rebels who are devastat
ing the whole country. A mixed column,
including 300 Indian troops and other de
tail?, proceeded to-day to tha frontier to
perfect a scheme or defense for the col
ony.
A Chinese mob last night attacked tha
Portuguese guard at Barrier, on tha pe
ninsula on which Macao is situated. Tha
military turned out and scared tha rioters'
and then marched through the streets.
Satow Starts for Peking.
TIENTSIN. Oct. 15.— The British column
under Lord Campbell, which, forms part
of the expedition against Paotlng-Fu and
is making a detour to- the south of tha
Paotmg- River, reached Ttollu on the grand
canal yesterday.
Sir Ernest, M. Satow, who succe«ds Sir
Claude Macdonald as British Minister to.
China, has started for Peking. M. <Jq
Giers. the Russian Minister, Is likely to
return soon.
Accepting French Proposals.
PARIS. Oct. Jl-Germany is the only
power which has not replied formally to
France's note on China, though she has
verbally accepted its terms. Japan's an
swer, received to-tlay. accepts the propo
sals, retaining only one condition. This
refers to the permanent prohibition of tho
importation cf arms. While agreeing with
the principle Japan offers suggestions as
to how the prchibitton can best be accoa-
Question of Indemnity.
PARIS. Oct. 13.-lt is officially under
stood that if an International conference
£t The Hague regarding the settlement
of the Chinese indemnity Is finally decided
upon it will not discuss with China th*
amount of compensation she must pay.
but will confine its labors to fixing and
distributing the proportion of the in
demnity which shall go to tho several
countries Interested.
American Women Warned.
BERLIN. Oct. 15.-A dispatch received
here from Shanghai says the British Con
sul there warns American women coming
north from Canton in the hope of Joining
their husbands, the situation In tha
Yaogue Valley being very serious.
Removing the Moderator.
LONDON. Oct. IS.— "Since the Chines*
court arrived at the ue-w capital. Slnaa-
Fu," says a special dispatch from, Shang
hai, dated yesterday, "reactionary edicts.*
removing the moderates from high, of
fice have been Issued, showing: that
Prince Tuan holds the imperial seal."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
week of the coal miners' strike opened
to-day. The few collieries that have con
tinued in operation since the strike was
inaugurated are working to-day with the
same number of men they had last week.
Not one. however, is working full handed.
Crowds gathered this morning at No. 40
shaft of the Lehigh Valley Coal Company
and at the Cranberry mine, but they, dis
persed, before daylight without causing
any trouble.
Families Beginning to Feel tho Pinch
.The march planned for this morning to
the Panther Creek Valley, where a ma
jority of the mines are still in operation,
was called off on account of rain.
WANT IX THE WAKE OP STRIKE.
of Starvation.
HAZLETON, Pa., Oct. 15.— Want and
ruin have followed In the wake of the
strike In the anthracite region. Families
who lived in comfort while the mines were
in operation now feel the pinch of priva
tion and. the bare necessaries of existence
teem- like luxuries; business men upon
whom prosperity had smiled have been
brought to the verge. of bankruptcy; thriv
ing towns have become stagnant, casual
travelers have forsaken them and news
paper correspondents and labor leaders
constitute the most Important element in
the floating population. Strikers who had
some little money, on hand for an emer
gency have cut their living expenses down
to a minimum, buying nothing but food
and little of that. In many instances they
are abl« to obtain some credit from local
dealers, but the "WIls cannot run very
high.
As thpre was little coal to be hauled the
ccal railroads had to lay off the crews of
most of the coal trains. There are actu
ally In the enormous yards at Mauch
Chunk several hundred coal cars, which
under normal conditions should be scat
tered on railroads from the Atlantic to
the Pacific. In many towns it is now im
possible to obtain coal for domestic use
at any price.
The stagnation of trade here Is, of
course, felt by the manufacturers and
•wholesalers of the Eastern cities who fur
nish the Fuyplies, and as the merchants
can obtain no cash from their customers
they must appeal to their creditors for
leniency. Appeals are being made to the
United Mine Workers' organization for
funds for the " relief of the destitute
strikers who can get no credit.
TO INTERCEPT THE MARCHERS.
General Gobin Goes With the State
Troops to Panther Creek Begion.
SHENANDOAH, Pa., Oct. 13.— Advices
have reached General Goblji. in command
of the State troops here, that a large
body of marching strikers have left- Mc-
Adoo for the Panther Creek region. They
expect to reach that valley in time to in
tercept the miners on their way to work
in the morning. General Gobin ordered
Tour companies of the Sixth Regiment to
leave to-night for that valley and a spe
cial train on the Philadelphia and Read
ing Railroad was pro\-ided to take them
to Tamoqua. which station is but a few
miles from Coaldale.
General Gobin went with the troops and
assumed i>ersonal command. The Gover
nor's troop of cavalry, which is stationed
at Oneida. will leave for the Panther
Creek region early In the morning. Gen
eral Gobin. before leaving, said he was
requested by Sheriff Toole to send soldiers
to the Panther Creek Valley,
Becomes a Defaulter.
BURLINGTON. Oct. 15.— II. a. Kelly, a
prominent attorney, has been discovered
to be a defaulter In a large sum. Ho
admits his guilt, and Bays his peculations
extend back several years. 'f
PHILADELPHIA. Oct. IS.-It Is ex
j.ecte-d~ that the officials of th»
Readlnc company will to-morrow
take up for consideration the prop
osition of the mine-workers' convention-
It is known that some of the directors of
the conij'ary are opposed to the abolition
cf the lUdinc fcale, which has for years
been in ODrraUon at the Reading coller
les. One of the directors of the Reading
company said to-day that he Is opaosc-1
to the new wage scale, and intimated that
he would make an effort to defeat such a
proposition. He Everted that the Eliding
pcale had for years proven satisfactory,
both to the company and employes, as
was evidenced by the fact that until the
convention at Bcranton demanded a
char.se no proto.n had come from the
company's miner?.
SHAMOKIN. Pa., Oct. 15— Committees
of the United Mine Workera have been
calling on miners "this afternoon and
evening to warn them not to pay any at
tention to the ignitions being circulated by
agents of several coal-carrying companies
aFkir.c miners to return to work pending
e settlement between the operators, coal
csrryir.g companies ar.d miners. They are
Informing the men that the operators are
tzytak to effect a stampede among them
in order to break up the ptrike and that
It Is possible the operators have decided
not to comply with the demands of the
Scranton convention.
Not a colliery rcfumed operation in this
portion of the coal region this morning.
While miners generally think the terms of
the convention will be accepted by oper
ators and coal-carryir.g companies, oper
ators hereabouts ins-^t that so far a« they
are concerned they wil! not. unless forced
by coal-carryins companies, sign an
agreement to pay a 1j per cent advance.
George Hartlein. secretary of District No.
Sy, made this statement:
"The terms I bolieve will be accepted by
operators givir.g their approval through
r^vffi>ai>crs and notices posted about the
collieries. Miners will not go to work until
President Mitrhcll declares the strike off
officially. Bis demonstrations will be held
throughout the region on the day previous
to work being resumed. I think the col
li.-rics will be working before next Satur
day. The companies will ', take \ up the
grievances with their - employes and re
dress them while work is. going on.'
WILKESBARRE. Pa.. Oct. 15.—Opera
tors here say that officially they do not
knew of any overtures by the striktis fur
a. settlement! ,7h<.y have read of "the ac
tion of the United Mine Workers'-con
vcniion at Stranton. but declare they
will not recognize the union. Their first
ofiicial knowledge of any proposals by the
strikers will be when the employes ot each
company svr.d a committee to officials and
declare they have agreed to go back to
¦work, if the operators will grant their
re-Quest, and then submit the resolution
of the convention as their proposal for
a settlement. These communications prob
cbJy win be made to-day and the opera
tors will return the answer that the men
can either accent or refuse their offer of
10 j?er cent increase in wages.
In hi£h minics circles, the end of the
etrlke is not expected for some time, and
then or.'.y by the men £l\ir.g in. The
operators will stand by their first offer
er.d £ay they will not increase It. Super
intendent Lathrop of the Lehigh Valley
"The ci>c-riiiors ¦will not agree to con
tinue the payment of 10 per cent increase
for any fixed time. As to arbitration, the
operators will refuse it In any form. They
flcclare an agreement to arbitrate would
be bindfns 1 to one side only; that they
'would be held to It and the men would
not."
HAZLETON, Pa.. Oct. 15.— The fifth
left and we have not
time to talk about
anything but the Is
sue that Interests
you and me. And
GREATER NEW YORK AWAITING . THE COMING OF WILLIAM JEX
NINGS BRYAN. AS THE TIGER IS OX THE ICE THE RECEPTION
MAY BE CHILLY.
GEORGE HARTLEIN*. SECRETARY OF THE MINE WORKERS' UNION
OF DISTRICT N\ S, SHAMOKIN. WHO BELIEVES In- STRIKERS'
TERMS WILL SOOX BE ACCEPTED BY THE OPERATORS.
by a patent Issued
by the Government."
MILW A UKEE.
Wis., Oct. 15.-Tha
special train bearing
Senators Hanna and
Frye and other Re
publ lean notables
made its first stop
at Racine Junction,
Wls., where a large
crowd, c o m p osed
principally of work
lngmen from near
by shops, was In
waiting. S e n a tor
Hanna spoke briefly,
saying In part:
"You have heard a
good deal about the
different Issues in
this campaign. There
are only three weeks
stops at Canton and
Niles were not In
cidental and the
crowds were small
at both places.
The only impor
tant day meetings
were those at New
Pblladel p h 1 a and
Youngs town. At
New P h 1 ladelphla
there was a big al
? tendance and the
meeting was an en-
Vthusiasticone. There
were two meetings
at Youngstown, one
in the public square
and the other at the
opera-house.
A stop of fifteen
minutes was made
at Xlles. Mr. Bryan
did not leave the
train at that point,
but reviewed the Is
sues of the cam
paign in a very brief
Big Crowds Assemble
in Ohio to Hear
Mr; Bryan.
¦^a^ LEVELAND, Ohio. Oct. 15.—WU
nT Ham J. Bryan arrived here at 5:40
« this evening and later addressed
two large audiences in this city,
one at Central • Armory and the
other from the balcony of the Hollenden
Hotel. He was greeted upon his entrance
into the city by the blowing of whistles
and was met at the station by a. number
of marching clubs and brass bands, which
formed his escort to the Hollenden, where
he took dinner. The streets of the city
•were brilliantly lighted and were lined
with people.
Mr. Bryan to-day invaded the heart of
President McKinley's and Senator
Hanna's country. Leaving Akron early in
the morning his first stop was at Canton,
the President's place of residence, and
later in the day he made a brief speech
at Niles, the President's native city.
At night he spoke at Cleveland, Mr.
Hanna's home. The
MADISON, WJs.. Oct. 15.— Senator
Hanna began his speechmak
lng tour of the Northwest to
day by making six speeches in
Wisconsin, some of them of
considerable length. The principal ad
dresses of the day were made at Wauk
esha, where the special train carrying
Senators Hanna and Frye and other Re
publican leaders was held for over an
hour, and at Madison. At each of these
places Senator Hanna made two ad
dresses. Short speeches were also made
at Racine Junction and Racine. Senator
Hanna was everywhere greeted by im
mense crowds.- his reception at Madison
being particularly enthusiastic. In his
speeches to-day Senator Hanna laid par
ticular stress upon the trusts and the at
titude of the Democratic party In regard
to the tariff. "There are no monopolies
In this country," said he, "except those
which are protected
Six Telling Speeches
Made by Hanna in
Wisconsin.
Vast Throngs of Voters Assemble to Hear the Speeches
Delivered by Hanna, Roosevelt, Bryan
PARTY LEADERS DISCUSS
ISSUES OF THE CAMPAIGN
The San Francisco CallPretty Mrs. Hart Climbed Down the Fire Escqpe so That
Officers Might Not Seize Jewels Given Her. by
a Defaulting Bank Clerk. . .
DONNED MALE ATTIRE AND
ELUDED THE DETECTIVES
Continued from First Page,
BIG CROWDS ASSEMBLE.
Continued from First Page.
ROOSEVELT IN KENTUCKY
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine -Tablets. All
drug-gists refund the money If It falls to cure.
E. w. Grove's signature la on each, box^ 25c. •
To Cure a Cold in One Day.
Long Will Go on the Stump.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 15.-Secretan
Long ' has planned to make severa
speeches on political topic? during hi:
Western tttp, which, will begin next week
Papeete th« Beautiftll.
, Those who are fond of traveling (and who is
not) will hall with delight the news of a direct
steamship route to Tahiti. This charming land
has | until | now been accessible only by slow
sailing vessels, but on November 1st the pepu
lar steamship Australia will sail direct, mak
ing the trip In 10V4 days.' A reduced round
trip rate has been made for the first trip. Oil
— *P 3 Ma f kat "trect for galling Hot. . . • ¦
DO HONOR TO DAVID HILL.
SPRINGFIELD, 111., Oct. 15.— With 1 the
exception of, Bryan day In 1896, when the
crowd and parades far exceeded anything
before known In the city, the demonstra
tion in honor of former Governor David
B. Hill of New York was the greatest
ever known here. The city was lavishly
decorated with bunting and probably
40 000 visitors were here. Two thousand
men marched In the parade of Democratic
clubs. Governor Hill arrived at 1 o'clock
this afternoon and was met at the Wa
bash station by a crowd of 5000. His car
riage was driven through lines of march
ers drawn up on both sides of the street
amid the wildest enthusiasm. .
Among the .reception committee were
John M. Palmer of • Chicago and Louis
Palmer of Springfield, sons of the late
John M. Palmer.
At 2:30 p. m. Governor Hill was escorted
to the east side of the State House grounds,
where he addressed an audience of 15,000
people. He concluded- with a eulogy of
Bryan and ' declared that New York and
Indiana would return to the Democratic
ranks this year, electing Mr. Bryan. To
night a parade with 3030 members of clubs
from several sections marched through
the principal streets and were reviewed
by Governor Hill from a stand on the
courthouse , square.
MINISTERIAL CRISIS IN
CHILE HAS BEEN SOLVED
New Cabinet Has Been Formed and
All Trouble Is Now
Passed.
VALPARAISO. Chile. Oct. 13.— The Chi
lean Ministerial crisis has been solved by
the formation of a new Cabinet, as fol
lows:
Premier— Ellas Elbano.
Minister of Foreign Affairs— Manuel Sa
linas.
Minister of Justice — Emilio Codeldo.
Minister of Finance— Ramon Salellcej.
Minister of War— Ricardo Perez.
Minister of Industry— Rafael Orrego.
To Receive Mr. Bryan.
NEW YORK. Oct. 15.— To-morrow night
will occur the demonstration in this city
In honor of William J. Bryan. Prepara
tions of a most elaborate character have
been made with the Idea of making the
reception to be tendered the Democratic
Presidential candidate the most spectacu
lar and memorable welcome ever extended
to a candidate for political honor In tha
history of America.
Campaign for Vindication.
HELENA, Mont.. Oct. 15.— Senator W.
A. Clark has commenced his evmpilgn
for vindication, speaking Saturday <n Dil
lon. His band and vaudeville company
helped to draw a crowd.
City Gas for Chicago.
CHICAGO. Oct. 13.— Tho City Council
went on record to-night for municipal
ownership of all gas and electric light
plants. A commission will be appointed
by Mayor Harrison to draft a law for
SjUbmJsslon to the General Assembly. The
Council also adopted a resolution fixing
the maximum price of gas after the 1st
of next January at 75 cent? per 1CKX) feet.
B3.ITISH STTAZSEH IS
HZLPLZSS IN iMTDOCEAK 1
Hoptilitis Breaks Her Shaft and a
Warship Oo«s to Her Assist
ance.
SARBAPOHP. Oct. 1*.— The first officer
and pa-t of the crow of the British steam
er Hcstillup have arrived here in a small
hofit to procure assistance for their
Ftcamer, which lies disabled with a broken
Fhaft in midr>cear>. about 700 miles from
this port. The Ho?tiliu?. Captain Lewis,
called from East Ixmdon. South Africa,
on S^ntf-mber fr for Key West.
H. M. S. IndefaticaMe has saUed from
this port Is search of the disabled steamer.
No Poison Found,
CHICAGO. Oct. 13.— The city chemist to
day finished his report on the medicines
found in the room where Marie Defenbach
died and i?ufcmitted the document to the
police authorities. Thf> report says that
the dru^s had b/^en compounded accord
ing to the proscription and If taken as
directed could have produced no bad re
sults.
Department Store Burned.
SULLIVAN, Ind.. Oct. 15.— Fire to-night
destroyed the large building In the publics
square occupied by Burton Bros.' depart
ment store. Loss $100,000.
LONDON, Oct. 15.— Lord Alverstone.
formerly Sir Richard Webster, will suc
ceed the late Baron Russell of Klllowen.
the Dally News announces, as Lord Chief
Justice of England.
to tho nation. I say it Is a business
proposition because in the great widening
and spreading of our influence and de
velopment the United States of America
has taken a front rank. Its influence
has spread beyond the borders of our
country and the wealth that Is being
gathered to our shores Is the result of
our industry and a tribute to the intellll
trenoe of our people. '
Mr Hanna then denounced Mr. Bryan
for what he termed his "attempt to ar
ray clas? against class," and then took up
the trust question, saying:
"The constitution does not reach them
all or do the laws upon tho statute books
of 'the T'r.ited States. The Sherman act.
passed by a Republican Congress, has
wip^l out all the Irusts that can be
reached under the constitution. And
when 1 pay trusts. I mean the combina
tion? of capital whose Investments are In
the hands of stockholders, but whose
«tockhol<i<*rs have no right to vote, the
stoclc being simply voted by the trustees,
ps the Supar Trust was, as the Iron Pipe
Comnany wa.«. and c_s the Trans-MiPsourl
Traffic Association was. All of these
wer* wiped out by the Sherman act and
the Supreme Court of the United States."
Mr Hanna then predicted that if in or
der to destroy trusts the protective tariff
was removed, general business disaster
would follow, and concluded a? follows:
"Do we want to Rive notice to the great
army of workingmen in this country .hat.
in deference to theory, to satisfy the cm
bitlons of one man. we are going to de
strov their hopes for the future? It
comes down to that, my friends. That Is
exactly what It means. In the name of
nil th?t Is good and holy: In the name of
men women and children, who have come
to us from foreign shores to better their
condition, let us stand together, main
taining the wages of the American work
lnpmen. continuing to build up these
preat industries, availing ourselves of
these great reservoirs of natural wealth
that God has given u<* and go forward,
brushlnsr from our paths all demagogues
and ambitious men by telling them that
we know our business and are going to
attend to it."
After leaving the Casino Mr. Hanna
was driven to the city park, where he ad
drrpsed a large outdoor meeting, follow
ing the lines of his previous speech.
opoly strikes a severer blow than It does
through the prices that It extorts.
"Mothers, what would you have your
sons do? Would you have your boys go
on to the farm? Why, you know the
farmer takes more chances- than any
other roan and. has less Influence in the
Government; at least he- is less considered
by those who gw«rn. — Are you going to
have your boy go among the laboring men
and have but one ambition, and that to
have a full dinner pall, and only to have
that when the trust will let him have it?
Are you willing to let your son go into
the anthracite coal region and take his
chances at less than a dollar a day, with
powder at $2 75 a keg? ! Are you satisfied
to have your boy go there? Do you want
him to go into a store? Don't you know
that the trust is hemming the storekeeper
about? Don't you know that the trust is
shortening credit? That It Is laying on
the retailer all the chances of business?
Don't you know that the trust to-day is
compelling the merchant to agree not lo
sell any but trust-made goods? Would
you have your boy go into a big factory,
when to-morrow the trust may come and
bankrupt him? Would you have your boy
have stock in a trust that the big stock
holders will freeze out before the year is
ovf-r? What will you have your boy do*
Will you have him become a lawver?
Why. tbf> law business is gravitating
toward the offices of the large corporation
attorneys and the other lawyers are clerks
in their offices. What do you want your
boy to do? Is it not. time that you were
thinking? Is it not time you were using
your own Influence to take this Govern
ment back and place it on its old founda
tion and make it again a free government
of the people, by the people and for the
people, in which the humblest citizen mny
aspire to the highest reward in the politi
cal world? Is it not time that you moth
ers were thinking and if an economic
question cannot arouse you, is It not time
that you were studying the army ques
tion?"
Mr. Bryan then ! took up the questions
pertaining to the increase of the army
and the acquisition of Pacific Ocean terri
tory. The ladles applauded the speech
freely.
STEVENSON IN NEW JERSEY.
Makes Speeches on the Subject of
Trusts and Imperialism.
CAMDEN, N. J.. Oct. 15.— Adlai K. ;Ste
venson concluded his tour of South 'Jer
sey to-night by addressing a large meet
ing in the Courthouse. Five thousand per
sons were unable to obtain admittance
and were addressed from a balcony by lo
cal speakers. Mr. Stevenson remained in
Camden over night. He will leave for New
York early In the morning.
•VVOODBURY, N? J.. Oct. 15.— Mr. Ste
venson arrived here at 5 o'clock this aft
ernoon, after having made speeches at
Millville, Bridgeton and Vineland. He was
met by Dr. G. G. Green of this place, who
drove the Vice Presidential candidate to
the Opera-house. Here Mr. Stevenson was
serenaded by a local band. He was greet
ed by a crowd of probably.: l&QQ persons,
among them many women. -^JPPtoer Con
gressman Farrell prosided.jg^LlS^evenson
spoke for half ftn hour and'Tas^ddress
was similar , to 'those he?,mad)»/ earlier In
the day. his principal topic*? iyfeing: trusts
and imperialism. Immediatevyi upon the
conclusion of his speech". Mrf 1 . Stevenson
hastened to the station* afid_> bkarded a
train for Camden. ¦:'-'f ; 'JiJWfc?v'- : ¦¦"'¦
LIES FREELY : CIRCULATED.
Authors of Them' Denounced by
Roosevelt as Scoundrels.
CHICAGO, Oct. 15.— The following tele
graphic correspondence between. Secretary
Perry S. Heath of the National Repub
lican Committee and Governor Theodore
Roosevelt was given out to-day at Repub
lican national headquarters:
Theodore Roosevelt: The following matter is
being widely circulated on handbills in .Kan
sas and other States: . ; ¦ . ¦
"Governor Roosevelt said In a speech ' In
Cooper Institute in New York City, 1S96: -The
wav to eft rid of Rryani» m and lts cbllJ-labcr
troubles is to stand it up against the wall and
shoot It to death.' And In 'a epeech delivered
in Chicago Just after the strike: 'Any person
who would Join a strike or go near one, ought
to be shot.' ¦•Will the man who earns his bread
by labor support the Roosevelt ticket?" •
Please wire me to-day, if possible, specific
answer to the above, eo that I. may repeat, It
by wire wherever it Is being used. .
¦PERRY S. HEATH.
EUZABETHTOWN, Ky., Oct. 15.— Perry S.
Heath, secretary Republican National Commit
tee, Cnlcapo: Both statements, are absolute
Mes- without on« particle of foundation of any
sort, character or description. I never said
anything, remotely resembling either. statement
in Chicago or in Cooper Institute or anywhere
else. If responsible people circulated them I
would suggest a suit for criminal libel. I ex
plicitly denied them in my Kansas City speech.
They are slanderous ¦ lies which would only be
circulated by scoundrels, and which were known
to be lies by the people who Invented them and
the people who circulated them.
THEODORE ROOSEVELT,
there !s no condoning of the offenses of
those who violate the will of the people.
There should be favoritism for none and
discrimination against none. 1 wish on
this point to appeal not only to Repub
licans, not only to Gold Democrats, not
only to those Silver Democrats who from
high, censcientious motives are with us In
this contest, but I want to appeal to the
misguided men who have upheld the other
side in the wrong that they have done,
men who are misled by the shibboleth of a
"We have reached a stage in the cam
paign when our opponents arc engaged in
busily explaining either their actions or
their words. Mr. Jones, the chairman of
the Bryanlte Democracy, has just been
explaining that he is not connected with
trusts becaupe the cotton bale is not a
trust. Of course, using the word in a
technical sense, .there Is no trust In the
country. Tne sugar trust and the Stan
dard Oil trust are not technically trusts
at all. but simply great corporations. So
the cotton bale trust is in the same sense
of the word nut a. trust, but a corporation.
But of course all this is mere quibbling.
Using the word in the. popular sen^e, us
we 1,'Mierally do use it, all these corpora
tions are trusts. It is^sheer hypocrisy to
speak of the steel trust, the sugar trust
and the Standard Oil trust ana then to
deny that the cotton bale trust, the rice
trust and the whisky trust combines are
in the same category.
"On Saturday last in Ohio Mr^ Bryan
tried to defend himself for what he had
said about our iirmy, answering my criti
cisms. He ttrst of all stated that I had
changed my position since .my Detroit
speecn, which simply is not so. I stand
precisely where I stood then, and Mr.
Bryan ?•ithcr knows this or ought to know
it. Our regular army Is infinitesimal In
size compared with the population, and
even Mr. Bryan ought not to be afraid of
the eighty-six hundredths of a regular hoI
dier for every 10(w of our people. In the
next place, Mr. Bryan sought refuge in
saying that the army bill had been amend
ed. It is. of course, idle to quibble about
amendments. The present law is what he
was speaking of and what I was speaking,
of. At present we have an army of 100,000
men, C0.000 of whom are regulars, and it
was concerning this army that Mr. Bryan
spoke when he stated that the object of
getting it was to terrorize the laboring
men when they made just demands. It is
impossible to stigmatize too strongly such
a statement. It does not contain a scin
tilla of truth; it has not a particle of
foundation; it can only appeal to thor
oughly base and unworthy passions. The
bill was voted for by the great majority
of the patriotic Democrats of both houses.
."Docs Mr. Bryan mean to imply that
these Dcmocrat8*in so voting, headed by
Senator Cockrell,' were actuated by a pur
pose of putting the army into forts near
the groat cities In order to terrorize
workingmen? What he says applies as
much to the Democrats who voted for tho
bill as to the Republicans; and if such a
statement is slanderous as regards some
of the supporters of the bill it Is also
slanderous as regards the others. The
simple truth is that, as Bryan perfectly
weir knows, every intelligent man fore
saw that there would be trouble in the
Philippines, and that for this reason, as
well as to garrison our seacoast forts,
and for other duties, such as meeting a
contingency like that which arose in
China, the army was provided. When
Mr. Bryan advocated the signing of the
treaty with Spain he advocated the tak
ing of the Philippines, and therefore . re
storing and keeping order In them, and it
he was so blind as not to foresee the
trouble ahead the reflection is upon him
and upon no one else. The onfy thing
that could have avoided trouble in the
Philippines was the policy of scuttle— the
policy of craven, ignoble and flying and
shirking of duty. To stay there and ea
tablish a stable government as proposed
by Mr. Bryan is a policy which would
cause as much trouble with Agulnaldo's
followers as any others, because they are
fighting simply to found a cruel and op
pressive oligarchy. The only wav to 1 se
cure permanent peace and civil 'and in
dividual liberty for the great bulk of the
Inhabitants of the Philippines was to do
precisely what we have done— take them
over as a necessary incident of the war
with Spain and then put down the bodies
of armed bandit^ and introduce a gov
ernment of law, 'order and justice
Mr^? rya ? has S0U S h t In vain to an
swer Vhat I say about the army. But
he does not dare to answer the questions
which I put to him in the same spirit I
answered the ten questions he had asked
and I propounded some for himself. H«
has not answered whether or not he will
pay the interest of the national debt and
the pensions of the volunteers of the
Civil War in gold or silver, if elected. • He
has not answered whether h> will refuse
to receive .the electoral votes of North
Carolina because obtained for him bv a
flagrant violation of the doctrine of "the
consent of the governed, which he so ar
dently champions when he seeks to apply
it to the Tagal bands on the other side of
the globe.
SIX TELLING SPEECHES.
Continued from First Page.
LONDON. Oct. 16. — A dispatch to th«
Dally Mail from Lourenzo Marques, dated
yesterday, says that the American bark
Fred P.' IJtchfleld went ashore there from
her. moorings Sunday night during the
gale and was searched yesterday for gold,
in consequence of a suspicion that she
was carrying Mr. Kruger's gold to the
amount of £1,500,000.
According to the Dally Telegraph's cor
respondent at Lourenzo Marques, the
Portuguese found nothing on board the
vessel.
A dispatch to the Daily Telegraph from
Cape Town says that a tremendous storm
there on Sunday blew a ste.am crane Into
the harbor In such a -way as to block the
entrance to the docks against large steam
ers. The accident caused several casual
ties.
Ixjrd Roberts in an army order announc
ing the return of General Buller to Eng
land thanks Sir Redvers for his gallant
service while he was commander-in-chief
of the British forces in South Africa aad
for the ability with which he carried out
the operations while serving under Lord
Roberts, which the order declares "re
sulted in the collapse of the Boers in the
Eastern Transvaal.".
CAPE TOWN, Oct. 15.— Lord Roberts
has ordered that the return of the refu
gees to the Transvaal colony be postponed
for the present. •
BOERS STTLIi TBOXTBUESOME.
Lord Roberts Compelled to Postpone
His Return.
LONDON, Oct. 16. — The Durban corre
spondent of the Standard, wiring yester
day, saya:
"Railroad communication north ol
Btanderton has been ' suspended slnci
Thursday. There ore persistent rumon
of Boer attacks on the railway. Consid
erable uneasiness has been caused by th<
postponement of Lord Roberts* depart-
The Queen will appoint Lord Roberts tc
be honorary colonel o& the new regimeni
of Irish guards.
The Mayor of Liverpool has received a
dispatch from Lord Roberts saying that
he will be unable to attend to receive tn«
freedom of the city before January. •
Commenting upon the activity of the
Boers and the statement from Cape Town
that Lord Roberts has postponed his
homecoming, the Standard says:
"There are certain indications pointing
to the conclusion that unexpected diffi
culties have arisen which Lord Roberts
deems grave enough to demand his pres
ence for some time to come. All the facts
suggest that It is impossible yet to denude
South Africa of any substantial portion of
the large army now. engaged In dominat
ing a sullen and recalcitrant people."
The editorial finally calls for the sever
est measures against irreconcilable Boers,
"prompt and ruthless punishment for
every Insurgent burgher caught In de
liclo."
The editorial concludes with the state
ment that "the Imperial Government ha:
the country's mandate and need not b<
afraid to act vigorously." •
The Filthy Lucre, However,
Was Not Found on
Board.
SEARCHED A SHIP
FOR KRUGER GOLD
HOT SPRINGS. Ark.. Oct. 13.— A father,
mother and four young children were
blown to atoms this evening at Sells.
Montgomery County, four miles from Hot
Springs. While the family was at supper
their home was wrecked by an explosion
of dynamite.
The names of the unfortunate couple
are Jeff and MagKie Jones. Their children
range In ase from 6 years to 4 months.
It !s believed that a dispute over &
homestead claim prompted the outrage.
The county officials wired to-nljrht that
they were close on the track of the guilty
parties.
Awful Tragedy Enacted
Not Par From Hot
Springs.
FAMILY MURDERED
WITH DYNAMITE
NKW YORK. Oct. 15.— The Eliza
hethport (N. J.) Banking Com
pany will begin suit for the re
covery of the money and prop
erty that "Willie" Schreiber. the
defaulting clerk, is paid to have lert be
hind when hojled. B. L. Kraus, a lawyer,
Intimates that one suit will be brought
against a iran whose name he refuses to
mention. Who if purposed to have pospes-
Fion of 125,000 helonk'in? to Schreiber. An
other suit will be for the recovery of thf
Jewelry owned by Mrs. Annie .Hart and
st present in the custody of a Villh-ave
r.ue Jeweler. Mrs. Hart, despite the
watchful care of a score of detectives,
succeeded in evading their vigilance and
by meana of the tire-escape lied from the
have been -able to locate him.
Young Schrcibcr's downfall is attributed
to the fascination exercised over him by
Mrs. Hart, whom he met on Forty-sec
end street several years ago. Detectives
employed by the bank officials heve,
learned that' he bought her horses, car
riages and costly jewelry.
Schreiber, who- is the son of a poor
Kllzabethport carpenter, and whose sal
ary v.-as only $S00 a year, bought this
woman a pearl necklace, with a clasp
composed of two big diamonds and a ruby,
valued at $0000. . •
It is said that the woman has also in
her possession diamonds valued at $11,000.
which the says the young man purchased
for her. In a stable on West Fifty-sev
enth street Schreiber kept a carriage and
a pair of handsome horses for the woman.
residence of Mrs. Alma Templeton on
West Fifty-first street, with whom she
was staying. It is thought that Mrs.
Hart may Join Schreiber In hiding, but
her friends who have heard her speak
contemptuously of tho stuttering- bank
clerk Oo not think that such can be the
case unless her purpose is to secure the
balance of the money looted from the
bank. The story of Mrs. Hart's escape
from Mrs. Temuleton's apartment has all
the elements of a first class melodrama.
It is paid that she donned male att!re and
P.cd down the f( ar tire-escape In the dead
of nisnt when the hired sleuths were hid
ing In fn-nt of the apartment bouse. In
the ireantime. despite the storit«? tl-at
Schreiber would be arrested, that elusive
young man is still at large and apparently
neither the police nor # Plnkerton detectives
Special Dispatch to The Call.
GEORGETOWN, Ky., Oct. 15.— The
Youtsey trial was resumed to-day, al
though Youtsey was reported in the same
.condition as last week. The door of his
room was opened and his bed pulled up
In plain view of the jury, and while the
witnesses were being- examined Youtsey
could be heard calling his wife's name
In a hollow, moaning voice and she could
be seen sitting on his bed.
The feature of the day was the testi
mony of Arthur Goebel, brother of the
murdered man. He told of going to the
jail the day Youtsey was arrested and
then said:
"I put ray left hand on Mr. Youtsey's
right shoulder and said:
" 'Mr.- Youtsey, Colonel Campbell has
ju.st returned und told me what, you have
said to him, and I have come over to you
to have you tell me what you have told
him. I want you to tell me whether It is
true and to ask you a few other ques
tions.'
"Mr. Youtsey said: 'Yes, Mr. Goebel,
what I have told Colonel Campbell is
true.'
"I then said to Youtsey: 'Now. I would
like to have you tell me about getting the
key on Monday morning from Powers and
about Dick Coombs and -about going to
see Taylor on Tuesday morning and where
you got the cartridges.'
!' Youtsey proceeded and said: 'Just as
I told Colonel Campbell. I had a talk
with Dick Coombs on Monday morning
and he told me he was ready to do the
shooting and I went to Caleb Powers for
the key to his office and he told me to go
to John Powers. I went to John Powers
and John Powers gave me the key. I
went to Governor Taylor and I told Gov
ernor Taylor that Dick Coombs was ready
to do the shooting. Governor. Taylor
said: "You ought not to come to see me
about this. I have been expecting this
to be done for some time, but I object to
having a negro do it. It is too Important
a pleco of work. Coombs may be a spy
and he may betray us."
"Youtsey hesitated and I said: 'Very
well, what did you do next?"
"Youtsey said: 'I left Governor Taylor
and on Tuesday morning I went back to
Governor Taylor. I said to him: "The
man to do the shooting is now here." '
"I interupted Youtsey there and I said:
'You have told Colonel Campbell the
name of that man and that Is one reason
why I came over to see you. Now if you
know that much, you can also give me
the name of the man,' and Mr. Youtsey
said:
" 'Well, I told him Jim Howard was
there; that I thought he got here Mon
day night.'
"I asked: 'What else did Taylor say?'
Youtsey .said: "Governor Taylor walked
up and down the floor and said: 'Yout
sey, what do you think? If Ggebel ia
killed do you think J could hold' my of
fice?'- He discussed that matter, talking
to me back and forth, and I said to him
1 thought if Goebel was put out of the
way the contest would be settled and he
could hold his office. Finally I said to
him, as Governor Taylor hesitated still:
'It is up to you; decide now, whether It Is
to be done or not.' ¦
"After sqme more hesitating, Youtsey
stated that Taylor finally said: 'Well, tell
them to go ahead. If it Is necessary I
can send the man to the mountains with
a squad of soldiers.' I said: 'Did he say
anything about pardoning him?' and
Youtsey said: 'Yes, that is so.' He said:
'If it is ; necessary I can pardon him and
he will be safe enough.' Youtsey then
Mopped, and I asked: 'What did you do
then? You told Colonel Campbell, as he
told me, that you let certain people into
Powers' office.' Powers said: 'Yes; I then
went back and reported. " I told Berry
Howard and Dick Coombs and Jim How
ard to go and be in the hall of the execu
tive building, and then I left.'
"I said: 'What did you do?' Youtsey
said: 'I went and got the cartridges.' I
said: 'Very well: go on.' Youtsey said:
'When I went back Berry Howard and
Dick Coombs and. Jim Howard were in
the hall and I unlocked the door and let
them In and gave them the cartridges.' I
again interrupted and asked Youtsey to
whom he had given the cartridges. I said:
'That is one question that I wanted to ask
you. Mr. Youtsey,' and he said: 'I gave
them to Jim Howard. He was the last
man who went in the door.' I said: 'How
many did you give him?' and he said: 'I
gave him the whole box.' I said: 'Mr.
Youtsey, who fired the shot?' and he said:
'I cannot tell you; I did not see
him.' I said: What did you do
when you let them '. in?' He said:
'I stayed near the door.' I said: 'You
gave the cartridges to Jim Howard?'
He replied: 'Yes, sir.' Mr. Youtsey then
stopped, and I said to him: 'Mr. Youtsey,
you have just told Colonel Campbell and
told me that Monday morning you went
to Governor Taylor and told him that
Dick Coombs was ready to do the shoot
ing, but Taylor objected, and now you
tell me that on Tuesday morning you let
Dick Coombs into tho office. How la
that?' Youtsey hesitated and then finally
said: 'Well, those were the three men I
let in.' I looked at him arid said: 'They
say also that Berry Howard was in the
left hand lobby of the Legislature, and
you say you let him in that room?' Yout
sey finally said: 'Those are the three men
1 let in there.' "
Wharton Golden testified that, he saw
John I,. Powers give ¦ Youtsey a key on
Januaiy L"9, and Powers said it was a key
to Caleb Powers' office. .
\V. H. Culton testified that Toutsey told
him of the plan to kill Goebel and escape
through the basement: that Youtsey
asked him to swear after the shootlnf:
that he (Youtsey) was in the legislative
hall when the shot was fired; that Yout
sey told him that Governor Taylor had
been urging him to leave the State and
Culton said he told Taylor about it and
Taylor told Youtsey to deny any such
thing In the future and deny all knowl
edge of the shooting.
Culton was cross-examined to-night and
stood up fairly well under the cross-fire.
Upon the conclusion of. his testimony the
Commonwealth rested its case and court
adjourned till to-morrow morning to give
the defense time to consult as to making
a statement to the jury.
Goebel's Brother Gives His Testi
mony While the Accused Moans
and Calls His Wife's
Name.
HEARING OF
THE YOUTSEV
CASE RESUMED
Bed of Defendant Brought
. Within Sight of the
Jurors.
Fpeolal IXypatch to The Call.
JCH^V VOP.K Oct. 15.— "Mark Twain**
returned home to-n:p-ht after an absence
of Dr« years ar.»l landed with a smile of
ITDod-natured fun.
"I have had lots of fun." he said as ho
came down the tr.injrplaiik. "I have en-
Joyed myself, except for an attack of dys
pepsia now and tin n. in every country and
under evej y sky. 1 t-xi-ect to npend this
¦winter i:i New York reading and writ
lr.g."
"Hare you any books about ready for
publication?'
"Xo; but I have several on the way. I
•w*roto myself out In tb«^ line of anecdotes
and humorous sketches In my last book.
I ran short even in i!:;it and could barely
find coboefa material to Jill It.
"I ara now falling tack upon the fiction
of others--. N;> matter wiiut 1 write in that
line people will think that 1 am hiding
some true story behiiid the stalking horse
cf a -story."
""\Y:!1 j..u have an American story?"
"You tt-e J write the story and then fill
In tho places like bianks in a railway
form. The placa doesn't court so much—
the story is the thing."
"But you will give your people fome of
their own type with characteristic dia
lect. v.iU y,.u not? And \vo/i't that re
quire you to select your scenes first?"
"No, not entirely. Even that can be
filled in,. It is astonishing how much can
be Tilled in. I rewrote one of my books
threr- times and eacb time it was a differ
ent book. I hud filled in and filled In until
the original bcok was r.ot there. It had
*vaporuii-«l through the blanks and I had
an entirely new book. I *hall write my
etory and then lay the scene where I
•want It, and, if necessary, change other
thing's to Bldt the places.
"1 Fha!l very probably write a story
Tvitli the scene liild In this country or I
shall place the scene of one of my present
tinconi:>l<- j te':i stories here. This can bo
Cone rather handily after *.lie whole story
is v.ritten. But I am not going to publish
another book for at least a year. I have
Just published a small one and a book
every two or three years Is enough."
"Mr. Clemens, have you had time to
Five 1 any thousht to the question of im-
Xxrialism?'*
"It is a'.moFt too grave a question, for
ore of my temperament, but I have taken
a try- at It 1 have thought of It and u
has pot the V.ett^r of tne. I left these
Bhorps ::t Vancouver a redhot imperialist.
I wrtntr-d the American . ea^'le to go
fcreaminj; into the Pacific. It seemed
tiresome for Itrto content itself with the
Rockk-s. Why not spread its ¦wingrs over
the Philippine*. I asked myself, and I
thought It would be a. real thing to
do. I paid to myself here are people wh'j
have suffered for three centuries. We
can make them us frc-e as ourselves. Rive
them a povernmej-.t and a country of their
own. j.ut a miniature of the American
constitution afloat in the Pacific start d.
brand new republic to take Its place
amreg the free r.aticns of the world. It
F<^orr,"<i to m«' a Breat ta^lc to which we
had addroPP<»<l o^irs^lvep.
"Tint I have thought fome more sinco
then ard I have regi<3 carefully the treaty
of Pnris and \ have s*.'en that xve do not
lntervl to- free, btit to suhjptt the people
of the Philippines, We have g-ore there
to pnnquer, not redeem. We have also
pierlsred the Dower of this country to
maintain and protect the .'ibominaWe sys
tem wstablishcl in the Philippines by the
friar*, it should. !t to me. be our
j>le*u=ure and duty to make those people
free and let them deal with their ctvii
domestic question* in their own tvav and
s^> I am an a«ti-lm;x>r;alist. I am op
r<"»».-f1 to ha T .-Jr;s the eagle put its talons
on arty other land.
"Ji'at I want to fsv that I cannot enn-
Bclentiously tupport Mr. Bryan. I am not
&<* much of an nnti-Imrw-ririliPt as that.
I have been tn!(5 that I cannot vote in this
election; but If I couid I should not vote
for Mr. Bryan. As to xrftat I may do I
casnot Fay. as T am a and a
Mugwump won't rote untU he has hrul
plf-nty of time to !ook things over, and
ih"M T don't want to commit myself too
far. .is If I fin<l that I cannot vot<? I shall
run for President. A patriotic American
rauFt do fctm* thine <-!f-ctinn time."
dent,'' Just to Be
Patriotic.
2Tot Having n Vote, the Humorist
Thinks He Will "Eun for Presi-
He Declares, However, That
He Is an Anti-Im
perialist.
MIRK TWAIN
SAYS HE CAN'T
SUPPORT BRYAN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1900.
DEFAULTING BANK CLERK SCHREIBER, THE BANK HE ROBBED AT ELIZABETHPORT, N. J., OF MORE
THAN ONE HUNDRED THOUSAND DOLLARS, AND THE WOMAN ON WHOM HE IS SAID TO HAVE LAV
ISHED A LARGE PART OF HIS STEALINGS.
To Succeed Lord Bu3sell.
2
y . : .' . . ADVERTISEMENTS. \
A BROOKLYN IADY WRITES^
Had Catarrh fop Many
Years.
Tried Every Kind of Medi- -{wM^^Ww)
Obtained No Relief.
Thought There Was No J^
Cure for Catarrh. Illi^PssSS
A Friend Recommended '/
Was Induced to Try a Iff^. .^^Ipfptlpl^il^S
Experienced Relief at |!|T||j]|j^^^^^^^^
Am Now Permanently
Mrs. Mary Englehard, 318 McDougle yyyyyyy^yy^yy^^^jO^yyy
"I have been troubled with catarrh for /y^yy^yyyyyy^^y^yyl^^yyy^'
many years, have tried every kind of Yyyyyyyyy^^yy^E^yyyy
medicine and patent articles without ob- / y/yyyyy\J 1 yy/yy^]/^yyy^
talnlng any relief. I made up my mind flCyyyy&cyyy^yyj6c%y^s'
not to take any more medicine at all, as y/^yyC^^^^ y ]y / Cy^/C^^*^ / y\
I did not think there was any cur© for '//y^y^^^'^'yjfflyyy^^y
catarrh. A friend recommended Pertina / yyyy '^yyrs'^vZs^^Zi
nnrt I was induced to try a bottle. I did \t^Ka^ta^!mmmmmdmtmaim^m6tmBmmtui
so, and after I had taken the first bottle L -* '
I experienced relief at once. "wr*»«, TVTa-r.tr Pnn.loViot.fi
-I have taken seven bottles In all. and Mrs. Mary Englehard.
am now permanently cured. I cannot say
too much In praise of your wonderful rem- I am not troubled with coughing or splt-
MARY ENOLEHARD. ting or any other disagreeable symptoms
Peruna holds a unique place in medical of catarrh."
history. For many yeara it has been the The doctor then explains to these wo-
standard catarrh remedy of the civilized men that they may have catarrh Just tha
world. It has cured thousands upon thou- same, whether they have the dlsagree-
sands pi this harassing and distressing able symptoms above mentioned or not.
malady. In all this time It has had no Catarrh is not necessarily located In tho
successful rival. head. You may have catarrh of the lunga
Dr. Hartman. the compounder of Peru- or stomach or liver or kidneys, and es-
na. is consulted by a great many women pecially you may have catarrh of the pel-
every year. A large number of them, vie organs.
when told they are "Suffering from ca- Address Trie Peruna Medicine Co., Co-
tarrh, say: lumbus, O., for a free copy of "Health
"Oh, no, I haven't catarrh. My nose is and Beauty." written especially for wo-
perfectly clear and my breath Is not bad, men by .Dr. Hartman.
1 ACCEPT NO CHEAP IMITATION, j
Nova Scotia Seal is the only absolutely |
; waterproof leather. Fop eight years it has I
L stood that test. The shoes built from it |
by Buckingham & Hecht need no piled silk %
op pubbep lining that cause the feet to |
sweat. Genuine sold at $5.00 the pair for %
men. To be had only at S
four
collarette
specials.
I FUR collarettes on sale
I Every grarment bears our
I name — a guarantee of satisfac-
I tion. Here's the list: .
I LOT I (see illustration)
1 FUR COLLARETTE of
¦ Sab'e Raccoon; an elegant
I . little garment with 8 tiils
I special $1S.5O
1 LOT II— BALTIC SEAL
I. COLLARETTE— 6 tails—
I very stylish — special..95«OO
I LOT III— SABLE OPOS-
1 SUM COLLARETTE —
I with 6 tails — beautifully
I made— special $0.00
[ LOT IV— STONE MARTEN
1 OPOSSUM COLLAR-
¦ ETTE — with 6 tails — an ex-
¦ ceptionally fashionable col-
I larette — special $S.5O
I & Company
I INCOREOflATXD __
133-137 PostytsifARCHBISHOP RIORDAN
DEDICATES A CHURCH
¦ LIVERPOOL. Oct. 15.— The Imports of wheat
Into Liverpool la« week were 70,900 quarters
from Atlantic ports, 16,000 from Pacific port*
and 1000 from other porU.
at Phoenix.
PHOENIX, Ariz., Oct. lo.-Franclsco
Bernal, a Mexican, was fatally wounded
and his brother. Ama^o. was shot
through the shoulder by Policeman "Wil
liam Dowell to-night while resisting ar
rest for creating a disturbance In a local
resort. The Mexicans opened fire, but
missed. Dowell returned their volley
with better - aim. one bullet Koincj
through the chest, and lodging In the
back, of Francisco and the other shot
taking effect In the shoulder of Amado.
Two Mexican Brothers Stop Bullet3
SHOT BY A POLICEMAN.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 15.— Sunset Park,
which has been a park only in name,
near the western boundary of the city.
Is to succumb to the march of the oil
derrick. General H. G. Otis and other
residents of the neighboring district have
waged a vigorous campaign against the
Invasion of oil, but to-day the City Coun
cil decided against them. A contract with
Warren Glllellen for the lease of the park
from 'the city for oil production was ap
proved by the Council. Only two mem
bers, both of whom are retiring to private
life (Toll and Velter) voted against its
approval. V
Under the terms of the agreement the
city will get one-sixth of the oil produced.
It wHl also have the brea and oil-soaked
dirt hauled away and replaced with good
soil.
City Will Get One-Sixth of the Pro
duction of Sunset Park
- District.
LOS ANGELES LEASES
LAND TO OIL MEN
Word was sent to Colonel Hovey and a
corpora! and squad was hurried to the
scene of the riot. The colored soldiers
decamped when their comrades came, but
fov-r fell Into the hands of the squad.
Ther were turned over to the civil au
thorities of Skaguay and will be com
plained against for rioting.
VICTORIA, Oct. 15.— News was brought
by the steamer Amur to-day of a small
sized riot which was brought about by
racial troubles at Skaguay. A number of
saloon-keepers of the Gateway City have
refused, for some time to serve the col
ored troops, and on Tuesday last a num
ber of soldiers rioted and attacked the
saloons. Armed with clubs they went to
the Senate and Board of Trade saloons
and attempted to force the bartenders to
serve them.
Had Drawn the Color
Line.
Attack on Saloons Where Barkeepers
NEGRO SOLDIERS IN
A RIOT AT SKAGUAY
Runaway Boy Caught.
SAX JOSE. Oct. 15.— Alcide Veuve, son
of ,the lato Cointy Auditor Veuve, ' who
had been missing since October 7 and was
supposed to have been drowned at Alvlso,
was returned to San Jose to-day by tho
San Francisco police. The child ran
away from home because his mother ln
teiiri«d placing him in a boarding school.
Earthquake Jars Skaguay.
VICTORIA. Oct. 15.— An earthquake
shock was felt at Skaguay and vicinity
early the morning of Tuesday last. The
shock was a severe orie and lasted several
minutes. No damage was reported. Coin
cident with the earthquake at Skagruay
a record -was made on the seismograph In
this city. The record marks the heaviest
quake shown on the apparatus this year,
and the meteorological officers say that It
probably will have been more severely
felt at some point In the Interior or along
the southeastern coast.
Increased.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 15.— Postoffice es
tablished: Oregon— Caleb, Wheeler Coun
ty. Former order discontinuing this Of
fice rescinded.
• Postmasters commissioned: Washing
ton—John A. Williams, Cedar Mountain.
Appointed— Oregon— Maud Harris, Hamil
ton, Grant County, vice Mapgie Black
well, resigned; Ettle Clayton. Weatherby,
Baker County, vice Nettle Roach, re
moved.
Pensions Issued to-day: California—Or
iginal—Leonard Dodge. Usal, $12. "Increase
— Charles Fletcher, Quincy, $12; Oscar Mo
rltz, San Francisco, $8; Silas R. • Dady,
San Diego, $10; Charles Wells, Soldiers'
Home, Los Angeles. $8. Beissue and in
crease—Samuel C. Smith, San Francisco,
58. Original widows— Sarah E. Stubbs,
Hohncrvllle, $S; Fannie M. Stover, San
Diego, $8.
• Oregon— Increase— Marlon L. Wilmot,
Salem. $10.
Washington — Additional— Benjamin Fair
ley, Centerville, $12.
Postal Changes, Pensions Issued and
INTERESTS THE COAST.
VICTORIA. Oct. 15.— The latest gold dis
coveries In the Northwest have been made
on an obscure creek in tha Ogilvie Val
le;\ which lies to the west of Lake Le
Harrre. News of this placer discovery Is
given In the Yukon Sun, which says min
ers have arrived at Dawson from there
with eokl fr^m the new find, but they
decline to tell of the location or ppeaK
of the value or extent of the mine*.
News* was received here to-day of placer
discoveries made by some miners bound
Into the Koyukuk district on Chandler
River, which ilows Into the Yukon fifty
miles below Circle City. The new finds
are 100 miles up in tho mountains. Finds
have also been made pji the tributaries
The news was broupht to Skapuay by
United States Consul McCook, who says a
large stampede Is on from Dawson. Many
have gone down In boats and scows.
John Lawrence, a Klondike miner, is
back at Dawson from a point about
twelve miles down the Klondike River
and tells of a discovery of asbestos he
made there. Xevs comes from Bonanza
Creek of a find of tellurium ore.
Miners Arrive With Gold, but Refuss
to Give the Location of Their
Strike.
PLACER DISCOVERY
NEAIt LAKE LE BARGE
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 15.— The habeas corpus
case of Ah Wing, which was to have tested
the legality of the Los Angeles Police Courts,
called into ' question by virtue of the city's
population exceedinc the 100.000 limit of the
Whitney act. under which Police Courts are
established, came up before, the Supreme Court
to-day, but was dismissed without the ques
tion being settled. The brother of Ah Wing
having paid the fine which constituted the base
of proceedings left do ground for action.
LOR ANGELES. Oct. 15.— R. A. Rird. who
fe under sentence of six years* imprisonment
for having- foreed the name of his employer,
Griffith J. Griffith, to a check for |200. ap
peared before the Supreme Court this morning
as his own attorney In an appeal. After ar
icurreat the appeal was submitted to the court.
The appeal of E. V. Methever. under sentence
of death for the murder of Dorothy McKee,
wa3 submitted In brief. ¦,'.'-
J'ACIFIC GROVE, Oct. 15. — The thirty young
men frcm the State Home for the Feeble
Minded at Eldridge, Sonoma County, who have
been enjoylntr an outing at this resort for the"
past week, returned to their institution this
mcrnlng. Dr. A. E. Osborn. «>ui>erintendent of
the home, who accompanied them, says their
stay In Pacific (Jrove has greatly benefited
thc:n.
KAORAMEXTO. Oct. 1^— A Coroner's inquest
wat. held to-night over the body of an unknown
man found two miles east of this city, the
Jury agreeing that the case wa« one of suicide.
The bot'y was found on the ground, wrapped
In bedding. An old razor was lying on the
breast and the throat was cut from ear to
car.
f-ACKAMEXTO, Oct. 15.— The jailer at the
County Jail ttis morn'.r.K found In the cot of
Martin Weetltke. convicted of the murder of
R. H. Watt*, a rope which he had made from
his l.Iankets. The prisoner undoubtedly con
templated Fulcide. He wes greatly agitated
when the Jailer ffok the rope away.
PAN JOPE, Oct. IS.— J. D. Dudley, a well
known orthardist, wat- thrown from hln buggy
in a runaway this mornini? wiille comlne to
Han Jose from his home near Miliiltas and
m hadly hurt. His wain was almost torn
off. and the doctors fear for his life, because
of lis advanced years.
MONTEREY. Oct. li— The Hoard of Trus
tees of Muntrrey has passed an ordinance mak
keep o r *n door« or to do business between
the hours of miclnitrht and ."• a. m. Hereto
fore all nloona have kept oi>en the entire twen
ty-four hours.
STOCKTON. Oct. 15.— George Helms and Wil
licm T.rady were to-day Klven five and six
years, respectively, in San Quentin for burK
iary The motion of their attorney to have
Ue'm discharged because the verdict of the
Jarjr read "burgulary" was denied.
VAIXEJO. Ort. l"i. — The torpedo-boats Fox
and Davii ar.d the destroyer Farmgut are in
thf- firydock. a!! three havlnz been docked at
one time by Constructor McDonald. The three
vesaela in one dock present a curious spectacle.
SANTA CRirZ. Oct. 13.— At a meeting of the
Prvbyterian chutch yesterday a unanimous
rail' was extended to Rev. C. C. Ilerriott of St.
I'aul, I'lr-n.. to become Its pastor. The call
has been taken under consid?ration.
IO? AXniCLE? Oct. 15.— Despite the vigor
ous ;utatk rrade upin him by organized labor.
Captain A. C <^ross wa? this mornltiK awarded
the city sprinkling contract on a bid of JC9.520
l*r year.
COAST NEWS IK BRIEF.
NAPA. Oct. 15.— Nathan Wildman was
sentenced In the Superior Court here to
day by Judge Ham to serve r.ne year at
San Quentin for grand larceny com
mitted a f«w weeks ago in St.
Helena. Wildxnan stole $t*>5 in
gold coin from a comrade named Clark
and w:«s abcut to leave for his home :n
\ew York when taken into custody by
:h<* police. The defendant Ferved In the
Philippine? war. He waived a Jury trial
and pleaded puilty. On the witnes." stand
Wildman confessed hi? crhr.e.
Soldier Who Fought in Philippines
Goes to San Qu?ntin. )
STOLE FEOH HIS FRIEND.
Vulleio Bov Accidentallv Shot
VALLEJO. Ang. IS.— Edgar Ercitcnstein,
a boy 1>> ytarf •>% ago. wf-nt hunting with
ancthfr yourh in Vr.c juIps n<-ar Valle^o
yesterday. The gun of Breitensjxln'a com
nanlon was acidi-ntal'y discharged, tho
lo:«d entering the calf of BreitensteJn's
lrr. Hp hps a:: rvm chance of rccoivrv.
French Camp Citizen Claims His
Daughter Was Incarcerated
During His Absence.
STOCKTON. Oct. 1*..— In a petition for
p. xvr!t of habeas corpus to-day W. M.
Sandlin of French'Camp nll^ge-s thai his
daughtf-r Lv.lu. H ytars of age. was placed
in tho Whitti^r Ii»!<jtm School as an in
corrigible by Mrs. G. A. McDmald ct
Fresno in I£9t without hi? kn<jw!edg? and
consent. Sai;«:!Mi a*ks that Sup«T ( .ntent1ent
Sherman Srr.Hh of th<- institution be *>r
<\(:v<-i\ u> produce the girl bofor** th*> Su
r«*>rior Court f >f this enjnty to show why
fhe should not he placed ur.drr the con
trol of hT father, who w;is away from
hone whfn thf girl was s<'n» !•< the re
form Edxoo! by the woman in whose
charjrr- the was loft. H<"-r mother is dead.
WOULD TAKE HIS CHILD
PROM REFCHM SCHOOL
Goes to an Asylum.
SAN RAFAEL, Oct. 15.— Henry P.
Woods, the blind broker and real estate
dealer who attempted suicide on Saturday,
vas to-night ordered committed to an
asylum by Judge Angellotti.
Steamer Corwin's Exploring Party
Finds Immense Fields Near
Cape Sabine.
PORT TOWNSEND, Oct. 15.— The ex
ploration party which went north on the
steamer Corwin has •eturned and report 1 ?
the discovery of an 'mmense field of coal
near Cape Sabine. on the Arctic coast of
Alaska. The expedition was headed by
Captains West and Coffin; two exper
ienced whalers, and they located about
seven miles of coal lands. These coal
deposits skirt the coast and coal is said
to be so plentiful that it can be seen in
great veins in the face of cliffs and is
found in lumps on the beach, whither the
water has cast it.
A lump of coal weighing over one and
a half tons, picked up on the beach, .wa?
brought down en the Corwin and landed
here. The grade is- what is known a3
seml-bttuminous. -This coal deposit la
only 300 miles from Nome a:* 1 , its dis
covery will practically settle the question
of the fuel supply for the Xome district.
Rev. Warren F. Day Honored.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 15.— Rev. Warren
F. Day, pastor of the First Congrega
tional Church, was this morning elected
president of the Ministerial Association of
California. The other officers chosen to
serve the organization this year are: Rev.
J. B. Irvin Jr., secretary, and Revs. C. S.
Mason of Wllkle. A. C. Smither. Charles
Stevens and E. J. Inwood, executive com
mittee.
GBEAT COAL DEPOSIT
ON ALASKAN "CO"AST
Friant was former!:- the manager of
the Great Western Car Company of this
city, but is at present employed ,as sales
man by Coopers & Co.
The Friants are very popular in their
set. and both come of prominent families.
Mrs. Friant is the daughter of S. H.
Wagener. the druggist. They were mar
ried nine years ago. There is only one
child, and Mrs. Friant asks for its cus
tody. She also demands alimony.
The charge of inndelity promises to
bring on a bitter contest, and friends of
the "defendant assert he will fight the
caso to the end.
SAN JOSE. Oct. 15.— A divorce suit that
will cause a stir In San Jose society was
filed In San Francisco a few days ago by
Mrs. Mary E. Frlant against Alfred E.
Friant. The grounds are statutory. Miss
Mattle Newman is named as corespond
ent. .
Sl>ecial Dispatch to The Call,
San Jose Society Leader
Accuses Her Husband
of Infidelity.
MRS. FRIANT
BEINGS SUIT
FOR DIVORCE
The trouble between the men arose over
the rate of rent to be paid by Tenney for
a house owned by Elliott.
FRESNO, Oct. 15.— C. T. Elliott, prin
cipal of one of the largest schools
in this city, has resigned his po
sition rather than stand an official
investigation of his conduct by the
Board of Education. This action is the
sequel to an affray that occurred after
a teachers' meeting in the high school
building on Saturday, evening. Following
the adjournment of the meeting Elliott
held a consultation with Professor W. A.
Tenney, one of the instructors in the
high school. It resulted in a quarrel and
Elliott flapped Tenney a number of
times. Tenney called his assailant a cur
and Elliott then struck him several
blows on the fact-. Tenney stepped back
arftl said:
"Mr. Elliott, don't think for a moment
that I am afraid of you. I have traveled
too far to be afraid of a man like you;
but I want you to understand that I do
not propr.se "to dirty my hands by strik
ing you."
Tenney's remark quieted his pu
gilistic fellow-professor and Elliott
ceased striking him. He offered apologies,
which were not accepted by the injured
man.
The affair was kept as quiet as possible,
but the facts ilnally leaked out and El
liott was forced to present his resigna
tion. It was promptly accepted by tho
School Board.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Professor Elliott Assaults
Professor Tenney and
Loses His Place.
PEDAGOGUES OF
FRESNO ENGAGE
IN FISTICUFFS
The elopers are members of prominent
families in Castroville. The parents of
the young ladies attempted to engage the
assistance of the Sheriff's office to bring
back their daughters, but this was im
possible, as both girls are of age.
With Miss Frietas everything worked
well, but her chum's plans were disturbed,
and Instead of Miss Victorino and Souza
boarding the train they left on schedule
time, but with a horse and buggy. It is
presumed they took a later train, met
their friends and together the four went*
to San Francisco. •
express.
Bernard and Miss Frietas have long
been lovers, but the parents of the young
lady opposed the match. The same was
true of Souza and Miss Victorino. The
two girls were cognizant of each other's
troubles, consoled one another, and, to
gether with their admirers, thought out
a plan. They were to start to church on
Sunday morning. Bernard and Souza went
to meet them, and together the quartet
wes to leave Castroville on the midday
SALINAS, Oct. 15.— Castroville's social
set is agog over a romantic double elope
mont which occurred in that town yester
day. The principals were Manuel Bernard
and Miss Marian Frietas, M. Souza and
Miss Victorino, and they are believed to
be bent on a double wedding at San Fran
cisco.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Romantic Elopetoent ol Two
Young Couples ol
Castroville.
LOVE LAUGHS
AT PARENTAL
OBJECTIONS
Selecting a New Jury.
SAN JOSE. Oct. 13.— The work of select-
Ing a new jury in the case of "Jack" Or
tega, charged with having criminally as
saulted Grace Gamble, commenced before
Judge Lorigan to-day. The special ve
nire of eighty summoned by Coroner Kell
Instead of Sheriff Langford. who the de
fendant's attorneys alleged was biased,
were In court.
SPOKANE. Oct. 13.— Judge Richardson
of the State Superior Court to-night hand
ed down a decision holding valid tho
State, county and city tax on the Western
Union franchise. This is claimed to be
the first time this question has ever been
passed upon by a court.
The decision holds that the city ordi
nance granting the right to erect poles
and string wires Is a franchise separata
and distinct from the company 9 Federal
franchise and :s taxable under the State
constitution. The contention that the
telegraph company as an adjunct of the
Federal Government la exempt from tax
is not sustained. An appeal will be taken.
MAY TAX FRANCHISE
OF WESTERN UNIOH
Thief Knocks Do\5rnxthe Proprietor'3
Wife and Escapes With a
Sack of Coin.
SAN JOSK. Oct. 15.— A darlni? robbery
was committed at the Manila restaurant,
at the corner of San Augustln and Mar
ket streets, shortly after 7 o'clock to
night. An unknown man entered the
piace while Nick Ragdonick. the pro
prietor, was in the rear, and seized the
money till. He started out through tho
ladles' entrance. Mrs. Ragdonick met the
r«ian near the door and grappled with him.
thf till falling to the ground. The rob
ber struck Mrs. Ragdonick a blow over
the heart, knocking her down. He then
stooped and picked up a bag containing
$150 and ran back through ihe main room
and Into the street.
The restaurant was full of people at the
time. Ragdonick and others gave chase,
but the man eluded them in the darkness.
ROBS A RESTATJBANT
FILLED WITH PEOPLE
master "Western division, and from April
1. 1SS1, to April 1. 1883, assistant chief en
gineer and general road master of the
same road. On April 1, 1S83. he was ap
pointed chief engineer and superintendent
of Morgan's Louisiana and Texas Rail
road and Steamship Company. From Oc
tober 1, 1885, to July. 1SS9, he was assist
ant manager of the Atlantic system of
the Southern Pacific Corrfpany. From
July 1, l£Sfl, to October 1. 1895. he was gen
eral manager of the Atlantic system of
the Southern Pacific Company, vice presi
dent of the Galveston, Harrisburg and
San Antonio Railway and the Texas and
New Orleans Railroad. and presi
dent of th» New "i ork,- Texas and Mexi
can, Gulf. Western Texas and Pacific and
Sabine and East Texas Railways. Octo
ber, 1803, to date he has been fourth vice
president and general manager of all the
lines of the Southern Pacific Company.
Julius Kruttschnitt was born in New
Orleans in July. 1854, and Is the nephew
of Judah P. Benjamin, one of the greatest
lawyers of his times and Attorney Gen
eral to Jefferson Davis. Graduating as
civil engineer from the Engineer School
of Washington and Lee University of
Lexington. Va., in 1873. he entered the
railway service in 1S78. From July 1. 1S7S,
to January, 1SS0. he was engineer of the
extension of Morgan's Louisiana and
Texas Railroad and Steamship Company,
from January 1, 1S80, to April 1, 1SS1, road-
Railroad officials are confident that the
long-looked-for appointment will be made
shortly, and besides wishing him to re
ceive the presidency on account of being
ranking official, they would prefer to see
him in the chair than some total stranger
who is not familiar with the workings of
the road and is not a resident of Cali
fornia, i
SANTA (Rl'Z. Oct. 15.— hanta Cruz will
this week be given over to the Independ
ent Order of Foresters. High Chief
Rangor McElfresh and the grand officers
arrived this evening. The decorators com
menced work to-day In the armory, where
the grand ball is to be held. Five hun
dred delegates are expected.
Foresters Invade Santa Cruz.
Worthy grand patron, George Darling of San
Francisco; worthy frrand matron. Mrs. Fannie
T. McCcwer. of Tkiah: associate grand patron.
Charles Ctorblcr of Redding: associate grand
matron. Mrs. Lulu Lucas of Oakland; grand
Fecretary, Mrs. Kate Willats of San Francisco;
prand treasurer. Mrs. I«ab»>lle Vawter of Ocean
Park. Los Ang«-l°s County; prand conductress,
Mrs. Anna Johnson of Fan Francisco: associate
jfrand conductress. Mrs. Minnie Hallett of Oak
land: grand chat>!ain. Mrs. Mary Devereaux of
Santa Rosa; grand marshal. Miss Nettle Koreo
of Lak'-iK-rt ; K ran<l Adah. Mrs. Carrie Hoff of
ra.-aii-na: Rrand Ruth. Mrs. Ar.nie Klemmer
of Willows: grand Esther, Mirs Mary Correll
of Lockeford. San JoHfjuin County: grand Mar
tha. Mr*. Jennie Hall of Nevada City; grand
Electa, Mrs. Agnes Conant of San .lope; grand
organlM, Mm. Caroline Spald'.ns of Walla;
rrand warder. Miss May IWemer of Wadsworth.
New ; grand sentin-?!. Miss Minnie Brown of
Los An^fles.
The installation of the newly elected of
ficers will occur on Friday afternoon, and
on Saturday the guests will be taken for
a ride about the city. Trips to Mount
Hamilton arid Alum Rock are being
planned.'
The Brand officers who will be in attend
ance .-it the sessions are:
An election of grand otticers will lend
interest to the sessions on Thursday, and
San Jos=e Chapter will give an exemplifi
cation of the work of the order. The vis
itors arc to be feasted and dined on
Thursday t-vc-ning at a banquet in the
Rucker "building by San Jose Chapter.
Mrs. Georjre IS. MrKee and Mrs. S. A.
B«rker have direct supervision of this
affair.
Never before has San Jose been be
sieged bv such numbers of the fair sex,
and the "balance of the v.eek will be an
extremely bright one in a social way. En
tertainments of all kinds will be provided
bv the local chapter, and many horres
will entertain privately.
The executive committee of the Pan
Jose Chapter, which ha? charge of affairs,
is composed of the following ladies: Mrs.
Kate W'ilcox. Mrs. George 1*. McKee, Mrs.
S. A. Barker", Mi=. Souihworth, Mrs. Jo
sephine Ricketts Mrs. S. K. Moreland,
Miss Emma Riehl, George May, Milton
Houlware, H. R. Bailey and Dr.* Hunt.
The sessions of the Grand Chapter will
open to-morrow afternoon at 1 o'clock in
Home Union Hall. The place has been
decorated with colored ribbons, the floor
canvased and about the hall are palms
and bamboo. In the evening San Jose
Chapter will hold a reception at the Hotel
St. James. There will be a musical pro
gramme, refreshments and dancing. On
Wednesday there will be an all-day ses
sion of the chapter. Athena Chapter of
Hollister will hold a memorial service in
Mat-unic Hall in the evening.
The ladies of San Jose Chapter have
made elaborate arrangements to entertain
the visitors. Headquarters have been
opened at tho' Hotel St. James. The music
hall has been decorated with the lodge
colors, potnd plants and foliage, and a
committee- will be on hand at all times to
extend a royal welcome.
SAN JOSE. Oct. 15. — Hosts of matronly
fames and pretty young ladies have been
arriving by all trains to-day to take part
in the twenty-eighth annual session of the
Grand Chapter of the Order of Kastern
Star of California and Nevada, which will
convene in this city to-morrow afternoon.
Six hundred delegates are expected, and
nearly every town and city in the two
States will be represented.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
GRAND CHAPTER WILL CONVENE
Residents of the Gardsn City Prepare
a Variety of Entertainment for
the Hundreds of Fair
Guests.
Members ol Eastern Star
Lodges Pouring Into
San Jose.
EVERY TRAIN
HAS ITS QUOTA
OF DELEGATES
There Is a strong possibility that Julius
Kruttschnitt, at present general manager
of the Southern Pacific Company, will be
appointed president of the big railroad
system as successor to the late C. P.
Huntington. This prospective promotion
of Kruttschnitt is at present the chief
topic of discussion among railroad capi
talists and those interested in transport
ation management.
Quite a number of those who have
grown gray in the service of the South
ern Pacltic and hold lucrative positions in
the big corporation are enthusiastic over
Kruftschnitt's chances, and they have
good substantial arguments to support
their opinions.
In*the first place they claim that H. E.
Huntington. nephew of the deceased mil
lionaire, has repeatedly remarked that
he did not wish the position nor would he
accept the presidency of the road under
any circumstances? With Huntlngton's
refusal to take the place the question
arises, "Who is more entitled to the po
sition than the present manager of the
entire Southern Pacific system?" It is
a rule among all Eastern roads to place
in such a very responsible position of
this kind a man from the operating de
partment, such as Kruttschnitt. and not
an official from the traffic department, of
which John C. Stubbs Is the head.
Kruttschnitt's friends claim he is thor
oughly conversant with the workings- of
the read and has been of invaluable as
sistance to the company since he was ap
pointed to the position he has now held
for the past five years. He is at present
in charge of tlu» operating department of
the system and has been the chief oper
atinpfoffleial during the entire absence of
H. E. Huntington.
May Succeed Late
C. P. Huntington
as Southern Pa
cific's Head.
¦ — ? —
Railroad Men Be
lieve He Is to Be
the Road's * New
President.
KRUTTSCHNITTS CHANGES
APPEAR VERY PROMISING
While the result of the survey is very
satisfactory to Americans, it is less so for
the Canadians, for the Kritish Columbia
district of Chilliwaek will lose the trade;
of the mining district to the towns of the
State of Washington. C I>. Lane of San
Francisco and persons in Seattle ami
Whatcom are the principal owners of tho
Lone Star and other large properties. The
Gold Basin mine, however, has been found
to be in a peculiar position. Its tunnel ia
said to be cut in half by the boundary
line, leaving half of the mine, which is
one of the richest in the district, on the
American side and the other portion oil
the Canadian side. Which is the golden
section of the mine Is not reported.
If the survey Is not considered satis
factory to the Canadians, the Astronomei*
Royal at Ottawa will b« asked to make a
more careful Inspection. Again, if hia
survey should not prove correct in the
eyes of the people Interested, a joint com
mission from the two countries may be
asked for.
The survey was exceedingly difficult,
and none of the original mounds 'or
stakes, if they ever did exist, were found.
Nearly twenty miles east of Mount Baker
the survey took up the line, which ran
through a precipitous section of the bis
mountain.
VANCOUVER, Oct. 15.— The Canadian
survey of the disputed international
boundary line at Mount Baker was com
pleted late on Saturday and the officials
employed thereon arrived in Vancouver
to-day. Surveyor Deane says that all the
valuable mines in the best of the mineral
belt are in American territory, but Can
ada is given about a mile of extra terri
tory, instead of the strip two miles in
width that was originally claimed by the
Canadians.
Special Dispatch to TTie Call.
Ona Gold Froducer Found tD Be en
the Line, With Its Tunnei
Extending Into Both.
Countries.
Dominion's Survey ol tie
Mount Baker Boun
dary Completed.
BEST MINES ON AMERICAN SIDE
CANADA GAINS
STRIP OF LAND
ONE MILE WIDE
Shasta Encampment No. 14 Is the title
of the lodge here, which was honored by
bting chosen host for this session of the
Grand Encampment. The executive com
mittee is composed of Frank W. Smith.
§ resident; Louis Moore, A. J. Wright and
. P. Fillman, vice presidents: T. B.
Smith, M. Prose and Matthew Patterson,
secretaries; Fred Mlchaelson. treasurer.
Three hundred delegates arrived by the
5 o'clock train this afternoon from the
south. Among them were the Grand
Encampment officials, a number of past
grand patriarchs, the San Francisco and
the Stockton drill corps, the Oakland Can
ton. General Brower and staff of the
Patriatchs Militant, the Oriental Degree
team, Canton Ridgely of Stockton and in
dividual delegates trom all over the south
ern part of the State.
Following San Francisco's Second Regi
ment Patriarchs Militant band, the dele
gates marched up Yuba street to Market
and therce to the Odd Fellows' Hall,
whence they were shown their quarters in
various parts of the town. A big crowd
was out to give the delegates greeting.
To-night the town was brightly illumin
ated, and a concert was given by the
Patriarchs Militant band at Armory Hall.
Big delegations are expected from the
south to-morrow.
REDDING, Oct. 15.— On the eve of the
Grand Encampment of Odd Fellows, Red
ding presents the most beaiitlful appear
ance In all its history. For twenty-one
blocks the streets are gaily decorated
with cross flags, bunting and the colors
of the three orders represented In the en
campment. Nearly every business house
and dwelling in the town is appropriately
decorated. Spanning the street at the
Odd Fellows' Hall Is a beautiful arch. In
Imitation of granite, studded with In
candescent lamps In colors of the order
and bearing on its walls the emblems of
the fraternity. +
Already the town Is crowded with visi
tors from nearby and intercounty points.
To accommodate the bipgest crowd the
town has ever attempted to entertain,
every residence in Kedding has been
thrown open to provide sleeping quarters
for the guests.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TOWN BRILLIANTLY DECORATED
Business Houses and Hzsidsnc^s
Clothed in ths Colors of tha Order
and Streets Bright With
Illuminations.
Grand Encampment Dele
gates Are Arriving by
Hundreds.
REDDING NOW
THE MECCA OF
ODD FELLOWS
Republican Candidate for
Congress Makes a Hit
at OroYille.
DINNER PAILS
TO ILLUSTRATE
WOODS' SPEECH
DRAWS A CLEVER COMPARISON
Three-Meals-a-Day Prosperity Con
trasted "With Labor's Condition
Under a Democratic Ad
ministration.
Opens Anti-Saloon Campaign.
SOQVEL. Oet. C— Rev. Mr. Clark of
Tied Bluff opened the Anti-Saloon league
campaien here thi? evening.. sp?aking to
a large audience.
NEWMAN. Oct. ir..-The largest and
most enthusiastic meeting: of the cam
paign was held by The Republicans here
to-nipht. Kd Simnson. chairman of the
meetinr: T. 1'.. Seoon. candidate for the
AEeeXcbl)' in the Fifty-seventh District.
and Ch#xl«i T Jackson of San Francisco
delivered ringing- spr-rches.
Demonstration nt Newman.
White at San Diego.
SAN DIEG.O. Oct. li— Stephen M. White
addressed a fnir audience on the I'laza
this evening, and. though he was the third
Fpeaker of tho evening, he held the close
att< :uio!i of the crowd. W. D. Crichton.
the Democratic candidate for Congress,
was x\\e fir>t speaker, defining his posi
tion on some of the issues of the day.
He was fo' lowed by N. L. F. Baohman
with a frnd of funny stories which he
indues Democrats to accept as a politi
cal speech.
DIXON. Oot. ir>. — Congressman Victor
H. Metcalf to-night addressed one of the
largest audiences that ever assembled in
Dlxon. The opera-house was crowded to
overllowing with Northern Solano Repub
licans, and most of the vice presidents
of the evening were young Republicans
who will cast their first votes at the No
vomlior election. Congressman Me-tcalfs
address v as a. oa!rn and dispassionate ap
peal to Republicans to see to it that the
party lost nothing at the coming election.
Hon. Aiden Anderson, candidate for the
Assembly, and Hon. J. J. LuWisinper. Re-
X-ubln-an nominee for Senator, addressed
the audienee on the issues of the day.
Music by the Dixon hand and campaign
BOD£S by the McKir.loy and Roosevelt Glee
Club to the enthusiasm.
With Republicans.
Opera House Filled to Overflowing
MXTCAXF SPEAKS AT DIXON.
One of the features of the evening was
the carrying of a full dinner pail up the
center aisle of the hall at a time imme
diately following an eloquent description
by Candidate Woods of the prosperous
times of the past four years. Ihe dinner
pall was tilled with provisions and was
carried bv a. man w« ighing more than 300
pounds. Immediately preceding this and
folio-wing a description of the hard time*
during Cleveland's administration a man
in raps marched up the center aisle. bear-
In? a battered and empty dinner pail.
During the afternoon Mr. Woods ad
dressed the I 1 ""' inmktes of the Odd Fel
lows" Home, and his talk was enthusias
tically received.
Esecial Dispatch to The Call.
OROVILLE. Oct. 15.— The citrus fruit
growers of this vicinity and the people of
Oroville turned out to-night to hear Sam
D. Woods, Republican candidate for
Congress, discuss the Issues of the cam
paign. Vnion Hall, where the meeting
•was held, was crowded and the name ot
MeKinley was cheered repeatedly. Col
onel H. T. Batchelder acted as chairman
ar.d D. E. Mclvlnlay. who is stumping the
State for the Republican National ticket,
made a spirited talk.
TlliS SAJN JJliAJN^Ji»U5J UJVLiL>i TUESDAY, OCTOBER ib', J^yuu.
JULIUS KRUTTSCHNITT, GENERAL MANAGER 0,F THE SOUTHERN
PACIFIC COMPANY. WHO. IT IS RUMORED, MAY BE ELECTED
PRESIDENT OF THE ROAD.
Asylum Patient Drowned.
STOCKTON. Oct. 13.— Oliver McFadden.
an epileptic, committed to the Stockton
State Hospital from Sacramento in 1896,
was drowned yesterday In an Irrigation
reservoir " of the institution. It is sup
posed that he had a .fit. and fell into the
reservoir. McFadden was a parole patient
and was allowed to move • about the
grounds at will.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOULDER CREEK, Oct. 15.— Boulder
Creek's new Catholic church was dedi
cated yesterday by Archbishop Riordan,
assisted by Rev. P. Cummins of St. Pat
rick's, San Francisco; Rev. P. Mulligan
of St. Mary's Cathedral, San Francisco;
Rev. J. McGlnty of Holy Cross Church,
San Francisco; Rev. J. f. Collins, S. J.,
and Rev. M. S. McKey, S. J.
Mass was celebrated by Father Collins
of San Jose, after which the dedication
sermon was preached by his Grace the
Archbishop. tie thanked the people of
Boulder Creek, who.lrrespectlve of creed,
contributed to the building fund, and said
they showed the true Christian spirit by
helping one another. In every community
each snould strive to help his fellow-man,
and no matter how much we might differ
from one another as to the form of wor
ship all should feel they were children of
the one good Father. Man, he said, was
a being left to his own Instincts. He was
apt to go astray and it was only through
prayer that he would attain the end for
which God Almighty created him. God
would judge every man according to the
light that was given him and for the
short time we were 1 in this place of pro
bation we should have tolerance for all.
After the sermon three adults, the first
to be confirmed in Bouluer Creek, were
confirmed in the Church of St. Michael by
the Archbishop. Next May the young
people of the parish are to be confirmed.
The music' by the choir was especially
good. Miss Cella Cooney sanp "Ave
Maria" at the offertory. * Archbishop
Riordan and party during their stay
were entertained by Mrs. James Dough
erty at her summer home at Dougherty's,
Architecturally St. Michael's Church is
a gem and the interior yesterday at the
dedication services presented a handsome
appearance. The natural redwood, the
product of this section of the country, has
been, used with much taste. The altar
was ablaze with lights and flowers were
used In profusion.. • _ ¦ '
0
Conducts Impressive Ceremonies in
the New Catholic House of
Worship at Boulder
Croek.
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
JUSTSGE jZ^f
Is portrayed as a v.onian, \/f( \
vet her sex might complain \ (I I I |V
that they g-t scant benefit MtekJfk
of her 'pov.ers. There is
little justice, it would seem, frjsVT?^
in the suffering that man)- [A U \\\Jtf
women undergo mouth after £££^4
month. B\|7i IV)
Justice acts upon the 3i\Mj/!J//
legal maxim that ignor- [;\W«3g
ance of the law cannot be \^^SJ^
pleaded in mitigation of %^?Am
punishment. Il is ignorance 'f^4^?jt^c
which causes so much , i^jfW
womanly suffering. Ignor- y^Tf
ance of the requirements of j ; fffr I.
womanly health ; ignorance- , VI I
on the part of those who j n '//
attempt to cure and fail, \ I It I
and ignorance of the fact W III I
that Dr. Pierce's Favorite I l/l »l
Prescription cures womanly . ff |
diseases. It establishes |£
regularity, dries -weakening %SwW *
drains, heals inflammation a
and ulceration and cures ij;'w|j^W
female weakness. K'J^KK&}%
• When I first wrote to Doctor yJwtW'**'*.
pierce concerning mv health," *— •— "™""~ —
says Mrs Mo'.iic K. Carpenter, of
Linaria. Cumberland Co.. Tcnn.. "I was so weak
I could only writr a Jew words until I would
have to rest : vas ro weak I could hardy
walk Words crnaot express ray suilinngs:
dimness of fight, palpitation, shortness ol
breath, black spots or els; shining lights before
ruv eves terriWe headache, nurnbuess ia # ray
arms "and haaJs aad tongue. «Ik>. my jaws
would get numb; constipation, tailing ol tnc
ateru*. disajrrceable drains, soreness throupn
niv bowels ; in fact I was diseased from head to
foot. Now I can do my own washing and cook-
ing. I can take a ten quart pail in one hand
and a *ix quart pail in the other (full of water),
and carry boih one-fourth of a mile and never
ttop to rest. I am a« heavy r • I was at 19 years
(1^ pounds). I used thirty r,ttle* of ' Favonte
Prescription * and * Golden Medical Discovery
*nd twenty-five vials of • Pleasant Pellets.' "
Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Medical
Adviser, paper covers, is sent free on
receipt of 21 one-cent stamps to pay
expense of mailing only. Address Dr.
IL V. Pierce^ Buffalo. N. Y.
One reason— and it is an im-
tg^ €1 t portant one — why we make
vjjj^KS'f su *- s to order at such low
>«Kfew P r * ces * s our advantage in buy-
ing material. We pur-
I/^E^ffl^l\#n^^?\ chase cloth direct from
/lit! jrJ ll^r^iinSBk ths mills in bi S quanti-
/:' !^ji^ii#)Jfl ties for three stores. We
f\ ill !m| i^nwisni'' I ot>ta * n l ar ? e discounts.
if ' li i'iSfe 1 ' '^ifil i]|\ This saving beneTus you.
I 1 1 1 Uli* '!' I 4 J J T nen > t00 » we are build-
I $& iHl©' 1 ! Islir 'Hl* n S a business on small
III li^w& iBBP I III' Tnrou Sh tnese means
M llw^^iyjirfil' 1 and others we maI > e a
r^l/^/||; 'iijll'lpfK'^ thoroughly good suit in
|||(W JIi all lJ an y st - vle
liifei s rafe to ° rder f ° r
r IP nil ' it HI ur * a '* P a *terns are now in,
IMI'Ml ' w' ' fa and we vv ' e pleased to give
Wai * 'II it Hill ou a " e sam P' es y° u w » s h«
IlMWi I Wt ur 8 uarantee protects you;
ll if if ¦' 111! mon . e y ret Urned if you want it; or
I] $ a (| fly suitkept in repair free for one year.
1 H la la if] Out-of-town orders tiffed. Write us for
raEji \iA R.jr iSi samples and self-measuring blanks.
If II Sft-WooPfrCQ-
li i il n 7is Market stre9t and
Wl femOl Cor * Powe11 and Edd y sts -PHILLIPSBURG, Mont., Oct. la.-MJa
Amanda Fairman, a prominent younj
lady here, was found dead in her room
having ' been shot with a shoteun. J
shotgun was lying on the table. "Th<
suicide theory is denied and it is believe?
she was murdered.
Young Lady Murdered.
PATRICK AND JONES
APPEAR BEFORE THE COURT
Lawyer and Valet of Late Millionaire
Rice Plead Not Guilty to
Forgery Charge.
NEW YORK. Oct. 15.— Alfred T. Pat
rick and Charles R. Jones, the former o%e
of the counsel and the latter for
the late William M. Rice, millionaire, ap
peared before Police Magistrate Crane to
day, charged with complicity in forglnj?
the name of William M. Itice to a check
for ?25,OO0 drawn In favor of Patrick on
the banking house of S. M. Swenson &
Sons. •
Assistant District Attorney Osborne rep
resents the prosecution, while Frederick
B. House and his assistants represent the
accused. .
Present in the courtroom and interested
In the case were Captain John H. Baker.
Rice's lawyer from Texas, who claims he
represents all the heirs; Walter O. Weth
erbee. manager for Swenson & Sons, and
David N. Carvalho and William J. Kins
ley, handwriting experts. Patrick; gave
his age as 34 years, said he was born In
Texas and that he was a lawyer by pro
fession. Patrick and Jones both pleaded
not gulltv. Patrick's bearing in court was
calm and confident.
•
Exempt From Stamp Tax.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 15.-The Commis
sioner of Internal Revenue has decided
that certificates of nomination for public
offices, such as are required, by some of
the States, and all papers or instruments
relating to the exercise of the elective
franchise are exempt from stamo tax.
Completes Her Long Ride.
NE"\V YORK, Oct. 15.— Miss Gast com
pleted her ride of 2000 miles at 7:05:05 this
eveninp. She covered the distance in 22i
hours 5»£ minutes, beating the record ol
Will Brown by three hours and one min
ute. At the conclusion of her ride Miss
(Jast Was examined by' two physicians
¦\*ho pronounced her to be in good condi
tion. She said to-night that if she should
be feeling as well as she expected in tin
morning she would start on aonthcr 1000'
mile ride.
Funeral of Thomas Keating.
RENO, Nev.. Oct. 15.-The body of the
late Thomas E. Keating, the well knowr
Pacific Coast turfman, was shipped yes
terday from Lexington, Ky., to Keno. Tn«
funeral will take place here on Thursday
Mr, Keating had many friends, here, it
San Francisco and other Pacific Coa3
towns.
No Decision Rendered.
PHILADELPHIA. Oct. 15. - Josepr
llagen, better known In Philadelphia 'a;
John O'Brien, and Tommy West of Xe\
England, sparred six rounds to-night be
fore the Penn Art Club. Although then
was no decision O'Brien had clearly thj
better of the bout.
Lady Golf Champion.
BOSTON, Oct. lo.-Miss Hunnewel, th.
Longwood Club champion, won the sin
Kles at tho. Long-wood tennis tournamen
to-day, defeating Miss McAtce. the na
tional champion, 2—6, 1—6, 6—1, 7—5, S— 2.
Fight Date Changed.
The Bas City Athletic Club . ha
changed^Jfie date of tts initial amateu
boxing iftrformance from Friday evening
October 19. to Thursday, October IS.
PLAY BASEBALL FOB, THE
WORLD'S CHAMPIONSHIP
Brooklyn Team Easily Wins the First
Game of the Series With
Pittsburg.
PITTSnURG, Oct. 15.-The series of ball
games . between Brooklyn and Pittsburg
for thf- world's championship iind posses
sion of a $5000 trophy, a solid silver punch
bowl, was begun to-day at Exposition
Park in the presence 01 4<Xe) people. The
t*:am winning three games out of the live
is to have absolute possession of the
trophy and the pate receipts of th*> se
ries will be divided among the members
of both teams who were signed before
Spptpmber 15.
The first game was won by Brooklyn
hands down. McCJlnnity. the "Iron
Man." had his opponents completely at his
mercy up to the ninth inning, allowing
only three hits up to that time. In the
riphth inning McCJlnnity was being: run
down by Waddell between third and home
ar.d in an attempt to dod«e his pursuer
McGlnaity fell, striking his temple hard
on Wadde'H'a knee. He was laid out for
three or four minutes, but pluckily went
into the box and finished the same. In
th<» ninth he hit a batter. Rave a base on
balls and two hits, saving Pittsburg a
shut-out.
WadOfll was not hit hard, but often.
His support was not of the best. O'Brien
and Williams making costly errors.
Score:
Clubs. R. H. E.
Pittsbursr 2 5 4
Brooklyn B 13 1
Batteries — Waddell and Zimmer: McGin
nlty and McGulre. Umpire not given.
TIE GAME AT STANFORD.
Sophomore and Freshman Football
Teams Divide Honors.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Oct. 15.—
The first of the interclass football games.
played between the sophomores and
freshmen this afternoon resulted In a
tie. From the kick-off every inch of
cround was hotly contested, but neither
sidf> was able to score. Liurini? the first
half the sophomores had the better of the
argument and would have Ecored had not
the calling of time prevented. In the
pr-ennd half the freshmen braced up and
btu-ked down the field for forty yards.
Class spirit ran high, and for a time a
rush seemed imminent. Stanford, Lunt
and Ue Witt did brilliant work for 1904.
while Rob< rts. Luck and Xaramore
starred for the second-year men. The tie
Will be played of! Wednesday.
The junior-senior game will come off to
morrow and the lir.al match for the clas3
championship on Friday.
The following was the Jine-up to-day:
Sophomores. Position. Freshmen.
CaKlicri Left end Patterson
Hauverman .-Left tackle Harper
Thompson I^ef t guard Krederickson
Hrooke Center .-. McFndden
Jacobs Rlcht «ruard Youni?
Ixjwenthal RlKht tarkle Lunt
Kr.lsht Right end Clark
Luck Quarterback Bansboch
Parker Left halfback Stanford
Naramore KlBht halfback De IVItt
Roberts Fullback Grant
McKeevsr Defeats Plumb.
LONDON. Oct. 13.— At the National
Sporting Club, London, this evening
Charlie McKeever, welter-weight of Phila
delphia, defeated Dido Plumb of London
in the seventh round.
CADETS WIND UP THE
PBELIMINARY SEBIES
Four Teams Are Left to Compete in
the Final Baseball
Games.
The preliminary series of the League of
the Cross Cadets' Baseball I,eague closed
last Sunday at the Sixteenth and Folsom
streets baseball grounds. This league is
made up of teams from the various com
panies of the First Regiment, League of
the Cross Cadet?.
Three games were played on Sunday-
Company D of Sacred Heart parish vs.
Company L of Mission Dolores. D win
ning by a score of 10 to 8; I of St. Peter's
with K of St. Paul's, I winning by a score
of fi to 2; I of St. Patrick's with N of St.
Fn>neis. Oakland, N winning, 5 to 4.
The preliminary series opened with nine
clubs playing, out of which four only are
now entitled to enter for the flnal series
in competition for the pennant. These
teams are those of Companies C, D, I and
The first game of the flnal series will be
played next Sunday afternoon at the
same grounds. The clubs of Companies
D and I will then cross bats.
DAWSON GUARDING
AGAINST SMALLPOX
<
Yukon Council Declares a Quarantine
Against Grand Forks, Where
Twelvs Cases of the Dis
ease Exist.
Special DIs=patch to The Call.
VICTORIA, Oct. 15.— According to tele
graphic advices received from Dawson
on Tuesday last by United States Consul
llcCook, who had arrived there en route
to Pennsylvania, there were twelve cases
of smallpox at Grand Forks, in tho Klon
dike district. Dawson was reported to be
free from the disease and a strict quaran
tine had been declared by the Yukon
Council against Grand Forks. xVll the
afllicled persons had been isolated.
On Friday of last week nine persons,
who went Into Dawson lrom down river
creeks, were taken to the Dawson Pest
house, on the Island below the city. Nono
of them had shown evidences of the dis
ease and it was expected they would be
discharged on Tuesday.
VANCOUVER'S SMALLPOX SCARE
Indians Afflicted With, the Disease
Attempt to Land.
VANCOUVER. Oct. 15.— The health au
thorities sat a scare to-day, when a war
canoe load of Siwashes, affected with
smallpox, attempted to land at a Vancou
ver wharf. They had come from l'uget
Sound, where the disease broke out re
cently !n the hop fields. There were
seven Jiving Indians !n the boat convey
ing the bodies of two who had suc
cumbed tu the disease. Two others were
affected, mating the big canoe a floating
r>est house. The sick men were in an ad
vanced stage of the disease, and it Is
probable that they will die. Precautions
were at once taken to isolate the in
fected.
FLAMES DESTROY \
A FRESNO WINERY
California Wins Association Sustains
a Loss of More Than a Hundred
Thousand Dollars.
FRESNO, Oct. 15.— Fire to-night de
stroyed the Kohler & Frohllng winery,
four miles northeast of town. It was the
property of the California Wine Associa
tion and the loss was between $100,000 and
$125,000. The Insurance is not known.
The flames were first seen at 8:30 o'clock
in the evening and soon spread to all
parts of the great double building. The
few people in the vicinity were unable to
do anything. A. Keeney, the bookkeeper,
was sleeping in the building and in. stop
ping to get his books and papers out of
the office had a narrow escape from
death.
There were 250,000 gallons of port wine
stored in the building and soon the sur
rounding grounds were like a seething
lake of blue flame. The whole sky was
as light as day and when the brandy
tanks in the distillery exploded the it
ports could be heard in this city, four
miles away.
The winery building, niiichinery and
tanks were valued at $50,000. The cause
of the lire has not been learned.
Official Confirmation of the Relief
MacARTHUE REPORTS
CAPTAIN SHIELDS' RESCUE
Accomplished by Colonel
Hare.
WASHINGTON', Oct. 15.— Tho following
account, of the rescue of Captain Shields
and his command from the Filipincs has
been received at the War Department;
"MANILA (no date). Adjutant General.
Washington — Information from Marln
duquc just received that Captain Shiek'.d
and fnrty-clght Company F, Twenty
ninth Regiment; United States Volunteer
Infantry; two corporals. Company A,
Twenty-ninth Regiment; one civilian,
American negro, prisoners in hands of in
surgents, have been turned over to Gen
eral Luther H. Hare. More particulars
soon, giving names killed and wounded.
"MACARTHUR."
General MacArthur notified the War
Department to-day that the transports
Slam and Atheneum have sailed for tho
United States and that the transport
Krederica arrived at Manila to-<lay. The
Frederica carried detachments of Bat
teries C and M of the Seventh Artillery,
three officers and thirty-five men from
San Francisco. . K
Spanish. Government Alarmed by the
CARLISTS PREPARE TO
OPEN ACTIVE CAMPAIGN
Discovery of a T>epot Stored
With Aims.
PARIS. Oct. IS.— A dispatch from Mad
rid says the Spanish Government is Kreat
ly concerned at the revival of the Carlist
agitation and the discovery of a depot of
arms nf Lerlda. Catalonia, where 615 Rem
ingtons and 400 bayonets and an im
portant collection of machinery and tool3
for the manufacture and repair of arms
w*'re seized at a locksmith's store, kept
by a Carlist. Four arrests were made at
the store, including a man named Nimbo.
who styles himself "chief of the Carlist
administration."
The Hcralrlo of Madrid «iys the Carlis{s
are preparing, feverishly, to open a cam
paign at the end of the present year, add
ing that the discontent in Catalonia forms
excellent soil for Carlist propagation.
_ •
Opposition to Hohenlohe.
BERLIN, Oct. 15.— The Munich Allege
meine Zeltunp, which Is, strictly Kovern
menta], revives the question of the Im
perial Chancellorship, admitting that "all
political parties desire a younger and
more energetic Chancellor than Prince von
Hohenlohe." However, there are no-Indi
cations that 'Emperor: William is dissatis
fied with an arrangement which gives him
a froe hand.
Heavy Loss by Fire.
PANA, 111., Oct. 15.— Fire to-day at Her
rick, fifteen miles south of here, destroyed
ten business houses. Loss $50,000.
FOR CHECKER CHAMPIONSHIP.
Charles F. Barker and Richard Jor-
dan Begin to Play.
BOSTOX. Oct. 15.— The first of a seTies
of forty fjames for the checker champion
ship of the world and $2000 a side between
Charles F. Barker of this city ar.d Rich
ard Jordan of Kdinburgh was opened at
the American House to-day. The arti
cles of agreement give th« contestants a
range of the entire field of checker play-
Ing, the restrictions belni? according to
the Stuart Jor.Ian system.
Hyan and Gardner Draw.
WHEELING. VT. Va., Oct. 13.— Tha
fipht between VAlly Kyan nf N'e-w York
and Oscar Gardner of Wheeling 1 to-night
ended in a draw aft^r twenty rounds.
Two midweek stakes will be run this
week at Union Park, one to-morrow and
the other Thursday. This is to give the
dog owners a chance to run their hounds,
as the great John Grace challenge cup
stake will be run off at the end of the
week.
The draws for both are as follows:
Midweek reserve stake. Wednesday. 62 en
tries—Lowe & Thompson's Prince Hal vs. Pa
sha Kennels' Risky Attempt; R. E. de B. Lopez
& Son's Dairy Maid vs. Pasha Kennels' May
Hempstead; E. I>. Fallon's Lily of the West
vs. J. Keenan's Lundln Links; J. Dean's Gal
lant vs. Curtis & Son's Psyche; Harriuan &
Wlgan's Overture vs. Connell Bros." St. Helen;
Captain Clarkson'a Head Water vs. Lande &
Gerber's Concord; J. Craig's Old Glory vs. Cur
tis & Son's McKlnley; K. L. Taylor's Beauty
Spot vs. J. Mooney's Silent Treasure; Pasha
Kennels' Rest Assured vs. J. J. Kenney's Win
ning- Lassie; R. B. de B. Lopez & Son's Mln
newawa vs. George Parkinson's Ben Lomond;
Pasha Kennels* Rollicking Airs vs. T. J. Cro
nln's Vixen; Pa?ba Kennels' Real Article vs.
D. K. WUey"» High " Born Lady; J. Hurley's
Shylock Boy vs-. K. M. Kellogg's Iowa Maid;
J Byrnes' Olympus vs. F. -A. McComb'3 Little
Sister: E. M. Kellogg's Ben's Babe vs. A.
Johnson's Mountain Beauty; L. F. Bartels"
Banner Bright vs. C. O. Peterson's Silver
Cloud; George Sharman's Miss Skyrocket vs.
T. J. Cronln's Daisy Dale; Pasha Kennels' Re
cording Angel vs. A. Johnson's Lowlander; J.
Moriarity's Kettleman vs. Pasha Kennels' Reve
D' Amour; R. E. de B. Lopez & Son's Diablo
vs. Curtis & Son's Cash; H. A. Deckelman'a
Snapshot vs. Sterl & Knowles' Ollta; Captain
Cane's Ml»s Penman vs. J. P. Thrift's St. Mich
ael; George Sharman's Bowery Boy vs. T. W.
Bartels' Betsy Baron; Pasha Kennels* Round
about vs. Captain Cane's Victor Queen; W.
Cramer's Onward vs. Captain Clarkson's Flow
er of Gold; L. F. Bartels' Beer Brewer vs. F.
Schou's King's Borderer; A. Johnson's Tod
Sloan vs. T. Logan's Honor Bright: J. Hurley's
Hurricane vs. Sterl & Knowles' Sleety Mist;
Pasha Kennels' Metallic vs. Lowe & Thomp
son's St. Orin; Maher & Reid's Bad Boy vs.
J. Kennedy's Ever Shore; Sterl & Knowles'
Rusty Gold vs. J. P. Thrift's Forget.
Thursday stake, 6! entries— J. Dempsey's
Jingle Bells vs. W. J. Browning's Mountain
Belle; W. C. Glasson's Sleigh Bells vs. Pasha
Kennels' Run Amuck; R. E. de B. Lopez &
Son's Warrlgot vs. T. Hood's Lady Geral.line:
R. E. de B. Lopez & Son's Eager vs. P. C.
Blick's Advance Guard: J. R. Smith's Pass
word vs. J. L. Roes' Wautaugh: Aeneid Ken
nels' Aeneas vs. J. P. Thrift's Tyrone Prince;
J. McNeil's Pearl Mac vs. T. J. Cronln's Terry
McGovern: T. B. Bllck's Fedora vs. J. Kee- |
nan's Blacklock: J. J. Edward's Co On vs. J. !
Smith's Master Workman; T. Kenny's May Boy
vs. J. Murray's Busybody: J. McEnroe's Ad- :
miral Sampson vs. F. A. McComb s The Exile;
Pasha Kennels' Reaching After vs. P. J.
Olmo's Cora. Pearl; Larkey & Rock's La Es
trella vs. J. M. Stlllwell's Ksmeralda: Aeneid
Kennels' Achilles vs. J. H. W. Muller's Mar
guertta: Larkey & Rock's Lady's Choice vs.
P. H. Mulcaster's Morello: Sterl & Knowles'
Amarosa vs. Sterl & Knowles' Frosty Mornr:
P. C. IJUck's La Rosa. Souvenir vs. W. Cairn's
Imperial; J. I. O'Brien's Pasha Queen vs. Pa
?ha Kennels' Revolting Arrow; J. L. Ross'
Doris vs. R. E. de B. Lopez & Son's "Wombat:
Chlarlnl Bros." Brass Button vs. P. Irtiyle's
Wild Monarch: W. C Badger's Alameda Lad
vs. George Sharman's Black Flush; J. Illley's
Jim Jeflrles vs. T. Doyle's Xorah Laurence;
Pasha Kennels' Gold Nugget vs. Aeneiil Ken
nels' Flying Faster: T. Brown's Tammanny
Owing to the John Grace Cup Contest
on Saturday Owners Will Be
Given a Double Oppor
tunity.
MIDWEEK STAKES
AT UNION PARK
Two Events Arranged, One
for Wednesday and the
Other Thursday.
vs. Pasha Kennels' Red A?ate; Oorss Shar
man's Thf Doctor vs. P. Reilly's Lady Grand:
Fasha Kennois' Real Lassie V9. P. Moore's
Thorr.dale: F. Rrown's Village lielle vs. R. E.
d<? B. Lopez & Son's Sweetness; P. C. Bllck's
May Laurppce vs. T. J. Cronlns Depend On
Me; P. Reilly's Master Mat vs. Curtis & Son's
Rtsinante: M. Welch's B*naalonij vs. W. L.
Stevens* Bermuda; J. P. Thrift's Sir Kushle
vs. Pasha Kennels' Hartleys Archer.
Fails to Find Her Husband.
fan Diego. Oct. is.— Mrs. r:. \v. wn
fort, whose husband disappeared here ten
days apo, left to-day for Albany, Or..
where s^he formerly lived and where she
expects to be able to dispose of some
property belonging to her husband and to
prosecute b'-r search for him with the
money thus obtained. She has thus far
failed to find any trace of him. She took
her two children with her.
BARK MEROM LOST
ON KADIAK ISLAND
Dzittta Asher* With Its Cargo of
&sln:ca During a Gale nnd One
Seamaa Loses His
Life.
Sr«r-:«: T^t*"--*-. to Th<- Call.
SEATTLJC. Oct. 15.— The bark Merom,
C&ptatia Peterson, was driven on the rocks
c* Kf.»i:ak l:0a::a r.car Karluk and totally
wrcie-ke-,* by the northeastern gale which
Kcw •»-.:>* almost hurricane force through
c;:; :?-.« afternoon of October 6. A sailor
kr.cwr. .p.* "Dutch Bill" refused to leave
the ship ar.o \vem down to his death. The
other ~^mV>< > rs of the crew swam to the
fceacJ; sr.! were saved. Her cargo of 12,090
cases of s-alrr.on was lost.
The bark was the property of the
Alaska Packers' Association and news of
the ditafter was brought to this city on
that company s steam tender Kadiak,
which arnvea from Karluk last night.
The fifteen surviving members of the
crew had narrow escapes, several being
badly bruised and cut by being .thrown
against the jas^d rocks while swimming
to the bench. Some clung to the ship and
were hauled to land on a life line.
"Dutch Bill" had apparently been crazed
by the excitement and his companions
were unable to induce him to leave the
ship. A faithful dog remained with him
until the bark went down and then man
aged to reach the beach.
The Merom wAs at anchor in the harbor
when the blow started on the morning of
October C. As the gale increased during
the afternoon her anchors began to drag,
and finally the chains parted. Adrift
in the hurricane, no power on earth could
save her. She was thrown against the
ship Santa Clara, at anchor with 50,000
cases of talmon aboard. The bark pound
ed the ship for a few minutes and was
then torn away and thrown squarely
upon the reef. In an hour she was a total
wreck, and even her timbers were soon
ground to kindling wood.
The Kadiak. which brought the news,
was near the doomed vessel when the
storm arose, but she was at once put to
sea and. suffered no damage. She return
ed after the wreck and picked up the
crew, bringing Steward Simmons, Sea
man Frank Landrrberg and the vessel's
colored boy to Seattle with her.
The Merom was a 1021-ton vessel, built
at Bath. Me., in 1S70. She was owned in
San Francisco. Her dimensions were 173
feet and 37 feet beam. She. sailed from San
Francisco for Karluk on August 2S with a
cargo of COO tons of coal for the company's
canneries.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO. Oct. 13.-David S.
Hirschberg remains superintendent of the
Preston Reform School aC lone and it is
probable that he will continue there until
the unpjeasantness growing out of the re
cent scandals has ceased, when; it is ex
pected, he will present his resignation,
and it will be accepted. There was a
mooting of the trustees of the school at
lone on Saturday afternoon, at which
witnesses were examined concerning their
knowledge of the cases of misconduct and
immorality cited in the press. Although
on that same afternoon John Devcreaux,
the day watchman at the school, had been
summarily discharged by Hirschberg be
cause he admitted having answered the
questions of a reporter concerning affairs
nt tho school, those witnesses who were
.summoned before the trusires were as
sured that they need not fear to speak
out fully and boldly, as their positions
would not be jeopardized. Whether or
not they remembered the Devereaux inci
dent, according to their testimony every
thing was going smoothly at the school
and there was no ground for complaint.
The trustees found in favor of Hirsch
berg.
One of Dr. Hirschberg's supporters was
Trustee Dungan of Woodland. Mr. Dun
gan on his return to his home stopped
over in Sacramento and authorized the
Bee to state for him that from all the
testimony adduced at the meeting on Sat
urday afternoon "it was amply demon
strated that there is a woeful lack of dis
cipline at the school, due to the extreme
leniency and good-hearted credulity of Su
perintendent Hirsrhberg."
Mr. Dungan further said that Hirsch
berg in place of being brutal had been
"just the opposite; that he had not suf
ficiently backed up the captains and
guards when they were in the right; that
he had been too tender hearted with the
worst boys when they needed severe dis
cipline, and that the result was that the
institution had no discipline left."
Vindicated by Reform School Trus
tees, but It Is Believed His Res
ignation Soon Will Be
Handed In.'
HIRSGHBERG RETAINS
HIS PLACE AT IONE
works his horses over- the Morristown
track.
Over $2,000,000 Worth of Property
Lost, Among the Heaviest
Sufferers Being the
Bank.
Special Cable t« The Call and N>w Ynrk H?r
aJti. CopJTteht, 1MW. by the HeraSJ J'ui:-
HshSr.g Com] any.
PANAMA. Oct. 13.— Dispatches from
Costa Rica toll of the almost total de-
Btractlon by fire of Port L'.mon. the prin
cipal port of the republic. The business
section of the city was entirely wiped
cut.
The fire started on Saturday night and
very soon got beyor.d control. Building
tfter building ar.d block after block was
swept by the flair.es ar.d in a short time
more than S2jOO0jOOO worth of property
was burr.ed up.^
Among the heaviest sufferers from the
fire were the Port Limon Bank. Lindo
Eros., the United Fruit Company and sev
eral hotels. Chinese merchants were also
heavy losers.
Por: Limon was in a flourishing condi
tion ar.d the commission interests of the
c:ty have been very liirge.
Principal Seaport of Costa
Rica Almost Entirely
Destroyed.
PORT LIMON
IS SWEPT BY
A BIG FIRE
The programme for the first two weeks
of racing at Oakland, track, beginning
Saturday, November 3. was Issued yes
terday for distribution to horsemen. J.
W. Brooks has a pleasant task before
him in alloting weignts, as the Opening
handicap closed with sixty entries, a num
ber In. the past unprecedented. The races
Cave been conditioned to fit all classes
? C 63 ' wlth P urses ranging from $300
to ?500. Of the former amount, it can be
said that they are in the minority, the
major portion of the purses being $350 and
?400.
As the first day's programme may In
terest many, it is herewith given:
»JC! rS J ra Si e TT <>r aU aBes - uc0 - ot which $50 to
second and 5:3 to third; winners of a race of
»V^ Va Vi e Ot V 000 thls year lo carry Sounds
above the scale, of $2300 S pounds above the
sea e; winners of a sweepstake since May 5, or
of three races other than selling purees since
Othi 1 S,. tO ,,!: arry Wei8ht £or as *- Allowance!
others. If three-year-olds and upward, non
winnera ot a race of $700 in 1899 and 1900 g
Sngs.° ' P0Und3# F1Ve and tt htU '
Second race— For two-year-olds. J3S0, of which
J.0 to second and *25 to third; winners of a
race of the value of J1000 to carry 5 pounds
extra; non- winners of a race of the value of
1°,^V,,? ot h u avlr f w °n two races of the value
*iiJ ,, ea • aIlowed 5 pounds; non-winners of
K.W. If non-winners of two races, allowed 10
j-ounds; mnld-ns. lo pounds. Futurity course.
..-„!! a raCt — ' lne Opening handicap, purse
$1.-00, a handicap for thr»je-y cur-olds and up
ward; entrance $10, $40 additional to start, the
club to add an amount necessary to make the
gross value of the race $1500. of which $2C0 to
second and $100 to third; weights to be pub
lished Monday. October 23; acceptances to be
made at the track before 11 a. m., Friday, No
vember 2. One mile.
Fourth race— For three-year-olds ' and up
ward, selling-. Una, of which HO to second and
$^5 to third; JJ20C0; weight for age; allow
ance, 2 pounds lor each $250 to $1000, I pound
tor each J1C0 less. Mile and a sixteenth.
Filth race — For three-year- olda and upward,
selling, $4'j0, of which fiO to second and S25 to
third; $1000; weight for age: allowance,
2 pounds for each $1W> less to $300. Seven fur
longs.
The San Francisco Jockey Club re
ceived a request from' Carruthers &
Shields to reserve eighteen stalls for the
horses owned by that iirm. The stable
will leave Chicago in about ten days.
Advance Guard, Zoroaster, Topmast,
Precursor and Prejudice are the raou
likely members of the string.
Trainer Tommy Ix>ttridge now occupies
stalls at Oakland tra<:k with a big string
of horses, among the number be
ing 1 the Sacramento Futurity winner,
St. Rica, and the very fast but unfor
tunate Diderot. Tommy also has in his
charge a number of horses owned by A.
B. Spreckels.
Quite recently at Harlem track. Chi
cago, Jockeys Jack Martm and Buchanan
gave an exhibition of rough riding
through the stretch that startled both
judges and spectators alike. Each in
turn tried to put the other over the fence
and the officials, deciding Buchanan to be
the aggressor, -the Cahfornian was given
a lay-off.
Recent reports from the East say Book
maker George Rose handles anywhere
from $40,000 to $50,000 a day and is nearly
$200,u00 winner. Of course, the latter
statement is subject to the pruning pro
cess.
One of the largest winners around the
Chicago tracks is' Pat Shannon, who i3
$70,000 to the good. He may come out
this way and try the booking game.
"Conductor" McManus. it would seem,
did not score a success bucking the' East
ern game. Back pedailng to Chicago, he
bids fair to* recoup his losses.
Rumor has it that Rlley Grannan and
"Willie Appleerate have doubled up as a
team and will book on tne local tracks
the coming season. This is in direct refu
tation of the statement that Rlley had
grown fond of the "vintage" and had
ceased to be a factor on the turf.
Johnny Humphrey and Henry Schwartz
gave $2S00 for the booking privilege at San
Jose and laid away very little coin. The
play was very light, which caused such
a contraction of prices that not a few of
the talent were returned from the Gar
don City C. O. D.
From the present outlook It Is said six
books will cut in at the Los Angeles meet
ing. An attempt was made at Sacra
mento, prior to the recent State Fair, to
freeze out Joe Harlan by the "syndica
fors," and it is said it will be again tried
at the Southern meet. How this can
be accomplished in the face of it being
advertised as an open betting ring Is not
apparent. At any rate, Harlan is going
to make the trip and will take along his
bank roll.
Sixty Entries for the Opening Handi
cap—Gossip Concerning Prom
inent Stables and Book
makers of the Turf.
Two Weeks of Great Rac
ing in Prospect, to Begin
November 3.
PROGRAMME FOR
OAKLAND IS OUT
Starbright Wins the Ethelbext Stakes
Very Easily, Defeating Duero,
the Only Other
Starter.
NKW YORK. Oct. 15.— Five favorite*
and one well-backed second choice were
lirst past the judges at Morris Tark to
day. It was a field day for first choice
players and the layers for a change had
the worst of the argument. The track
was heavy, but all other conditions were
favorable to good sport and the attend
ance was good.
Klondike, with a crushing impost cf 173
pounds, won the hurdle handicap from
Alvarado II. The latter made all the run
ning:, but stumbled at the last two jumps.
losing several lengths. Draughtsman, il-o
favorite, was third. Carnuncle won the
second Monday handicap, coming from be
hind in the stretch and romping in. Vui
cain was second and the heavily played
Dr. Barlow third. The start was bad.
the latter getting all the worst of it.
Colonel Padden made the running acd
won the third race, the Commando, rid
den out. The Throgs N'eck selling race
went to Dolando. O'Kead made the rur:
nirig, but could not withstand Poland's
rush in the last sixteenth. With a strong
boy up sho would have won.
Roiling Boer and Gold Heels ran head
and head for six furlong* in tne fifth
race and tten the former drew away a::J
won cleverly. All Saints headed the ruck.
two lengths back.
• The Ktheibert stakes found only two
starters at the post, Starbripht and Duero.
They opened at 4 to 5 each, but the former
closed favorite. Starbright made the run
ning under double wraps, lost ground re
peatedly by swerving, but was so much
the better that Odom never really let hiru
down. Summaries:
First race, hurdle handicap, mile and ft halt
— Klondike won, Alvaraiio second. Draugh;s
man third. Time. 2M9 1 *.
Second Monday handicap, seven and a half
furlongs — Carbuncle won, Vulcain second, Dr.
Harlow third. Time. 1:1714.
Vhe Commando, fix furlonps, selling — Colonel
PfiJden won. Laurena second. Manga third.
Tin-.*-. im\L.
Throsrs Neck, one mile, selling — Dolando won,
O'lleai second. Sparrow Wine third. Time,
1:44*4.
Six and a half furlongs— Rollintr Boer won.
<7old Heels second. All Saints third. Time.
1:23^.
Kthelbert, two miles— Starbrisht won, Duero
second. Time, 3:3?}*.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 1.".— Four favorites and
two heavily played second choices cap
tured the card. The feature of the day
was the Fix furlong- handicap, which Mis'.s
Mae Day won easily in 1:10— a new track
record. Results:
Five and a half furlonjrs— Poyr.ts won, Wil
liam Boyer second. Downhearted third. Time.
1:09.
Mile ar.d a yixtw-nth— Einstein won, Inuendo
second. Jirr.ji third. Time. 1:48.
HaMicar>, six furlnnijs— Miss Mae Day won.
Master Mariner second, W. J. Baker third.
Time. 1:12.
Handicap, cr.e mile and seventy yards — Pin
ochle won. Haviland second, Alice Turner third.
Time. 1:43. "
Purse, five and a half furlongs — Gold Or won.
Bummer second. Hungarian third. Tim»,
l:06U.
One mile, f«?11Ip.s;— Laureate won. Joe Doughty
second. GuWerock third. Time. 1:42.
CINCINNATI, Oct. 13.— Results at New
port:
Plx furlongs— G. II. "Whitney won. Alex Par-
Kin« *»eond, Broadway third. Time. 1:15.
Six furlones. selling — Jack Willis won Zaza
Fe-ord, Snaldy Y third. Time. 1:144.
One mile, selling— Larkspur won. Left Bower
second, Statlra Y third. Time, 1:4114.
Mil* ar.<1 a Fixtc-enth— Flag of Truce won.
¦Windward second. Kodak third. Time. 1:50.
Five am! a half furlongs. sf-IlInK— Bob Baker
won. Little Tim second. Miss Aubrey third.
Time, l:0! 1 'i.
Six furlTTnrs. selling:— Brooch won. Eltholin
Fcror.d. Innovator third. Tim<\ 1:11.
Five and a half furlongs — Guess Work won.
CHICAGO. Oct. 15.— Favorites and long
shots broke even in the card to-day at
Harlem. Results:
Five ami a half furlong?— Gupfs Work won,
Robert Waddell second, Shut Up third. Time,
1:07 2-j.
On« mll<? — Miss Dollev won, Dandy II second,
FrelSnEhuysen third. Time, 1:41 3-5.
Stec-'lechase, short course— Frond won. Rol
lins second, Coronatus third. Time. 3:35 2-5.
One mile — Loulsvil1».won, Molo second. La Go
leta third. Time. 1.-J0.
One mile— Louisville won, Molo second. La
I>Rirouj second, Hampshire third. Time,
1:14 2-3.
One mile and an oijrhth. selling— Trobor won,
Harry Nutter second. Holdf-a third. Time,
1:03 Z-Z.
Five Favorites First Past
the Judges at Morris
Park.
FIRST CHOICE
PLAYERS HAVE
A FIELD DAY
THEODORE T. MAXFIELD, a young
New Jersey trainer of trotting
horses, who has gained prominence
this season by winning' many races
on Eastern tracks, will start for Califor
nia in a few days with a string: of harness
horses that he is going: to campaign on
the coast. Among the horses he will take
with him are his own black pacer, Amo
kin, 2:14ii. by Ambassador, and the bay
trotting mare Beldia, 2:15Vi. by Jack
Dawson, owned by Pr. Clihrles E. Sim
mons of Blnomrleld. Both of these horses
began the season In the three-minute class
and both are now good for mllea right
around 2:10. Young" Maxfield will reach
Los Angeles for the trotting meeting:
which is to begin there on October 20.
Although he Js not yet 23 year3 of age,
Maxfleld has had a remarkably success
ful career on the trotting turf. He drove
his first race in 1S97, when he went
through the Orange County circuit with
the bay ir.are Joanne. 2:22 1 ,&, owned by
DavM Onkes. Since then he has brought
out a number of fast ones, of which Bel
dla and Araokin arc the best. His train
ing fttftblea are at Cloomficld, though he
Theodore T. Maxfleld Will Bring a
String 1 of Good Ones to the
JERSEY TROTTERS COMING
TO RACE IN CALIFORNIA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1900,
4
TVhen we *ay "rusture cured" we mean, it.
for It Is a fact that durlrssr the past 20 year*
DR. PIERCE'S MAGNETIC KLASTIC TRCbd
has CURED thousands of cases. Nothing elas
like It. Best retainer made. It does the work.
Investigate for yourself. C^CaU for "Book-
let No. V or send 2 cents in stamps. Ad-
dress:
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
€20 Market Street, San Francisco,
Or 1145 Broadway. New York City.
PALACE AND
GRAND HOTELS
The bedt evidence of th» popularlt-7 nf
the«e hotes can be found in S» continued
patronage of those who on some p«v!oua
occasion have mada them thelf head!
quarters wh«n visiting: San Francisco
Connected by a covered passageway an *
cperated under one management oa "«
American ana European plan.
Hitchcock School,
SAN RAFAEL CAt.
FOR YOUNG MEN AND* BOYS
f«par«» Koonu. OymBMftia. MUlUry J*^
723 Market Strast.
£AN FKANCISCO.
New York Dental Parlors,
HUN OFFICE PORTLAND, Op.
EKANCII SEATTLE. WASH
I^IEHY iS HEALTHFUL! I
• CS A Natural Mineral Water *
O fe'l » ; th medicinal qtialltlss. O
o j^k For and °
0 4'^^ Stcnaci Disorders. 6
1 liMl^^"^ VIC H Y
Sgfc^U^ IN SIPHONS %\
o ?
*> &$&$?& Cc^ the.Genulns %
"' „ ... m, mi mi i ma O
o A. V1CN IER. Distributing A^snt ,
Avis^ OR JORDAN'S srcatI
OF ftKftTO^?J
T fcv"^ The LarK«: Air t: o.cil Unnai in the T
A ,' jjV » V.'orid. c^hne*'*. or a*»y cmtr&cted
TT £•/£ yV-7 disease p«iil».l j carad hy ttt oioat V
$ jj§gA OJLiICRQAH-PR!Y&T£O!S£ASES^
w(J^iD Crrtultation frer; end itrictiv pri»-a^. \
\K \f «% If '»•"" <*«•« cieij cucuidcTttkai. \
alfj \\'i- Vl '«(«Boo!:.r i 3ll.ONOl"UVel )
'( ll Jf tl'CtSAGt;, MAILED FKSS. '. .\ ¥
A (I ll **luai>le Iwok fee oiii| \
*? OU ConHAK A*-O..l(»t Marke«St..S. F. 7
»<»^a»^ai %i, <^~<v tfc *a^ m. w
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
lb A GfiPTAT K12STORATIVE, INV1UOHA-
¦ UJT and NervJne.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
The Mexican remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
nt>F tivA Wadder. Sells on Us own merits.
NABER. ALFS & BHUN'E. Agents.
Market t-t.. S. F.— <Send for Circular.)
WINTER RESORTS.
PARAISO HOT SPRINGS,
The Carlsbad cf America, Is now open Tor the
v.«r.ter eeason. Addxes* C. T. ROMIE, Paralao
RUPTURE CURED.
No Jlore Dread of the Dental Chair
TEFTTH EXTRACTED AND FILLED AB-
EOUJTEX.Tr WITHOUT PAIX. by our late sci-
*r.*:f." r;etho<i erplled to the gums. So sleep-
pri'MJurinR :«;•-:. i or cocaine.
Ttffe arr the cr.ly dental parlors !n Ban
Frareiscr, having PATENTED APPLIANCES
end ingredients to extract, fill and apply sold
UWM and porcelain crowns undetectable from
ratural l«">th. end warranted for ten years,
WITHOUT THE LEAST PAIN. Full set of
t»^th. to: a j*>rfect fit Euarar.te^d or no pay.
Grid <rpwrs. J5. Gold fillines. II. Silver flll-
lr.rs. Me. AH work done by GRADUATE DEN-
TI^TP of frora '2 lo 20 years' experience, and
*arh department In charce of a fpeclaJIst. Give
us a '"a", ar.d you will find us to do exactly as
¦we 8<!v»-rt:se V\> will t»Il you In advance er-
aot!v wtmt rnar work will coFt by a FREE EX-
AM IN' iTION.
IVoi&ve!? cured by (base
I.ittlc 1 Pills.
Tliey also ns!irve Distress from Dyspepgia,
tadigestlcn aad Too Hearty Eating. A perw
fact remedy far Dizziness, Nausea. Drawd-
ness, Had Tosteiu tbe Mouth, Coaiea Tcneut
Pain b the TORPID LIVER. Thej
Hr^julare che Bowels, Purely Vegetable.
S;aatt Fill, Small Dose.
. Small Pries. '
ADVERTISEMENTS.
NEAR-SEAL FUR JACKETS
AND THE LATEST
SILK AND FRENCH FLANNEL WAISTS.
jQi The Near-Seal Fnr Jacket JjSgL
raps (like illustration), for which we %3n
$J*£if are agents, are as elegant as <ni&J\
rifofljjfcc^ any Alaska Sealskin, and wear /$^^2s\
nnmj& better - Price S50 - 00 Hessl
/<\ China Seal Fnr Jackets.
As elegant as any sealskin
I ....$30.00
Fine Taffeta Silk Waists French Flannel Waists.
Tucked and pleated — black Twilled lined..- $4.50
and all the new shades — a Doeskin finish, with silk collar
$6 50 quality $5.00 and revere $6.50
Elegant Tailor-nnfe Dresses Tailor-made Dress,
With the new Napoleon col- In fine Venetian cloths; jacket
| ar vevet reveres. $25.00 has the new bell sleeve $12.50
KELLY & LlLDLO 120 KEARNY STREET.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVEHTISEIdElSTS.
Jgjgsr gig gas? » q
DR, MEYERS & CO.
SPECIALISTS.
Diseases and Weakness of Men
ESTABLISHED 1SS1.
We cure Lost Manhood and weak-
ness which accompanies it. also
Private Diseases. Varicocele. Stric-
ture, I>lood Poison, Diseases of the
Kidneys. Bladder, etc.
Patients may pay when well or tn
monthly installments. Home euro
a specialty. Private hook, question,
list. etc.. free at office or by mail.
Correspondence confidential.
HCUI'.S- r>a!ly. S to 5. Evenings,
7 to S. Sundays. » to 11. ELEVA-
TOR ENTRANCE.
751 MARKET 'STREET,
' *** San Francisco. ,
No use to pay a shoe
profit when you can get
a Red Front shoe at a
typical Red Front saving
price.
The shoes we sell are
standard brands, known
for excellence, wear and
comfort.
For instance—
THE RED FRONT $2.50
SHOE, a shoe for men-
black or tan — all the most
• • popular shapes — in every
size $15. 5O pafr
THE RED FRONT
SCHOOL SHOE for boys'
hard wear- — black or tan —
laced, tough as leather can
be — made almost
J?l.To pair
*THE WALKOVER SHOE;
a man's shoe of merit — pat-
ent/ tan or black — all sizes
in every shape. ..JpJJ.oO pair
OPIATES f^iUTime BalL
Narjot's Bondsmen Afraid.
Frank F. Barris notified Captain Sey
mour yesterday that he and Fire Commis
sioner Grafly. who were on Ernest Nar
jot's bonds oMIOX). wanted to withdraw,
as they were afrftid he would not appear
again for trial. He had been traced to
Sacramento and they wanted him arrest
ed. Barris was told that the bondsmen
would have to bring 1 him back' them
selves, as they had made themselves re
sponsible for his appearance. Narjot was
arrested about a year ag^> for -shooting
and killing William Gleason, a bartender
in Stanley's Grotto, Turk and Market
streets. He was tried and the 'Jury dis
agreed, ten standing for acquittal and two
Friends of His Youtii Express a T>e
sire to Have the Interment
in Nevada-
Tom Keattrsg. the famous driver of rec
ord breakers, will find his last resting
place in Reno. New, next to the body of
L. *\V. Lee. who was to all intents the
foster father of the famou3 driver.
Before Keating: became famous for his
skillful work with the ribbons he lived
in Nevada with L. W. Lee. who brought
up Keating' and his own son. Frank M.
Lee. as if they were brothers In fact.
Throughout his career Keatln&'s mind
would always revert to the happy days
of hl3 youth spent under the roof of Mr.
Lee
Heating's close friend. A. Ottlnser. in
tended to have the funeral from his resi
dence in this city, but after a consulta
tion with Frank M. Lee It was deemed
best to lay Keatir.g'3 body to rest in hi3
early Nevada home. The funeral will
take place on Thursday.
TOM KEATING WILL
BE BURIED AT RENO
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tide*
the »arly mominc tides are &ivea In the lef:
hand column and the successive tides of the
<1a3t in the- or'ler or occurrence a* to tlcae of
the dar the third time column the th!rd tide
and the last cr right hand column irives tae
last tide of the dar. except when there are bat
three tides, as sometimes occurs. Th* heights
riven a:« In addition to the scucdlns on the
United States Coast Stirvey charts, except
when a minus sign (— > pr*c«!*g the height,
and then the number j?lven is sur-tracted from
the depth *iven by the charts. The plane o£
reference Is the mean cf the lower low waters.
The trouble between Policemen Lcka
LJvlnjfston and H. E. Hutchir.sa has been
investigated by Chief Sullivan, the result
beln? that Hatchings has been transfcrre'l
from the Hall of Justice to the O'Farrell
street station.
Policemen's Difficulties Settled.
The trial of "William Daly, ex-foreman
for the Fruit Canners" Association. Sev
enth and Berry streets, on the charge o
grand larceny was commenced befor© a
jury in Judge Cork's court yesterday. All
the witnesses for the prosecution except
one were examined. Daly with the help
of Robert Kl'is. an expressman, is allege*!
to have stolen a large quantity of canned
goods, which were sold to Abe Stela a
grncer at +0H-1- Sixth street.
William Daly on TriaL
for conviction. His second trial has not
yet been set.
XOTE- The hlch and low waters ocear at
the city front (illssion-ftreet wh*rf) about
twenty- five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of U<!e i» the «ame at fcoth places.
•Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by ofScJal au-
An immigration sc*r.dal of no mean
proportions has cropped out In the Irr.mi-
Vration Bureau at this port, of which
Kart H. North !s the head. In its most
Innocent or least guilty aspect the story
is one of negligence and of a shiftless and
ur.buslr.ess-like method of landing Immi
grants—methods so glaringly loose that
the Treasury Department will order an
investigation Into the episode.
Three Japanese -women, by name Sal
Nishida. Sor.o Masuda and RcmaVMiya
grawa, arrived recentlv en the AnWica
Maru. The Immigration Bureau ordered
that they be detained on board pending
an Investigation, it being suspected that
the women were being Imported for im
moral purposes. Yesterday morning
Charles Geffenev and Robert Lyon.s who
represented himself to be a lawyer, went
to the side of the ar.d handed
to Customs Inspector Frank Barry threo
cards, purportlr.tr to have been issued by
the Immigration Bureau, ortlerlnsr the re
ieas? of the ¦women. These card3. or
passes as they are called, were sierred by
Immigrant Inspector A. H. Geffeney,
Japanese interpreter for the bureau.
Charles Geffeney is his brother and 13
also a Japanese Interpreter, wl.ose sphere
of influence is chiefly in the Police Courts.
Customs Inspector Barry, remembering
the ord«xs to hold the women, called
Customs Inspector TV. J.5 Her.dricks. at
the otfcer end of the gangplank, for ad-
Immigrant Release Cards Issued by Inspector
Geffeney Used by Slave^Dealers.
» vice ar.d HerdrJcks went to the telephcr.a
I on the dock ar.-J called up Captairs Schell
; of the Vr.ited States Immisrration Bureau.
! Captain Scheii replied that no order had
! beta Issued from the bureau for the re
1 lea«e cf the wcm;n. A. H. GefTeney ram a
i in while the captain was talking and toot
I the phone. He assured Mr. Hendrlck 1 *
thnt he had not Issued any passes for the
release of the wemen and that he wouM
j g-n down to the dock at once.
"When he reached there Lyons and G*f
i ferey had disappeared. The card3 -were
j shown to hjm and he aimitted that th«?~
had beer written by him. all except tha
name? of the women, which were in .1
i different handwriting-. He explain^
', that he wrote the p:vs«?s. leavtn^ a blartc
! for the r.ame of the immigrant to ba
I afterward filled In by him. and that h->
; must have mislaid the rasses that wer-»
j afterward filled in hv some one and pre
! serted to Inspector Barry.
Inspector O*»fTerey said to> a reporter
that it wa? his habit to fill out a number
of passes •xiih the date and r.ajse of th*
vessel, leaving- the place for the rsajne cf
imni!?rrar.t b!ar;k. to be fille*! /n by him
on the steamer when about to> land th<3
immigrant?. He added that h» did rot
know whether or not Le had mislaid the
three cards that had been, presented, but
he might haj*e dona so.
Captain Schell tnen annotusced that tr*
•women had been ordered deported to
Japan, irh'r.ce they came. Jap&ne«»
women of this class are quit-d ti the
slave market reports at from !12» to> CO0O.
SCANDAL IN THE
JAPANESE BUREAU
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
! Goodall. Perkins & Co.
' Br strar Wellington. Salniond, Chemalnns; R
j Dunsmulr Socs Co.
i Ger Ehip J W Wendt. Nlchoff, Queesstown;
; Balfour. Guthrie & Co.
Br ship Kin? George. Bennett, Queenstown:
j Glrvin <t E;-re.
! Schr John G North. Austin. Mahukona;
I Hind, Rol^h i Co.
SAILED.
. Monday, October 15.
I Stmr Scotia. Walvis, .
i Stmr Porr.or.s. Saea. Eureka.
! Stmr Arsro. Cu«is. Coguille River. /
[ Stmr Columbia. E»oran. Astoria.
Stmr Point Arena. Hansen. Mendoclno.
I Pimr Empire. McGenn. Coos Bay.
j Stmr Alex Duncan, Outhrie. southern coast.
Stinr Santa Cruz. Hlnk!e. .
Br stmr Wellington. Salmor.d. Cheniairius,
I Schr £-ehome. Peterson. Tacoma.
I Schr John G North, Eiickson. Mahukona..
i Schr Bender Brcthers, Wetiel. Bowens Land
ing.
Schr Tulenkun. Melander. Caroline Islands.
Schr Ocean Spray. Olsen, .
SPOKEN.
No date, lat 45 22 5, Ion €2 07 W— Br ship
Manx Klr.sr. from Antwerp, for San Francisco.
Sept T, lat St S. Ion 64 W— Br ship River
side, from London, for San Francisco.
MISCELLANEOUS.
SEATTLE. Cct 1^-Stmr Kadiak. from Alas
ka, reports that on Oct 6 the bark Merom
drifted ashore at Karluk and became- a total
wreck. The Merom also collided with the ship
Santa Clara and carried away three years oa
the foremast.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Oct 15. 10 p m— Weather
haiy; wind SV.\ velocity 6 miles.
,.. ¦ DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT ELAKELEY— Arrived Oct 15— Bark
Kate -Davenport, from Pert Townsend.
Sailed Oct 15— Chil bark Latona. for Callao.
EUREKA— Arrived Oct 14— Stmr Pasadena,
from San Pedro; stmrs South Coast. Eureka
and Brunswick." hence Oct 13. Oct 15 — Stmr
I Iaqua, hence Oct 14.
I Sailed Oct It— Stmr North Fork, for San
] Francisco. Oct 15— Stmr Eureka, for San Fran
cisco.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Sailed Oct 15— Stmr
; Sequoia, for San Francisco.
! PORT GAMBLE-Sailed Oct 14-Schr Chas
I Hanson, from Port Townsend.
I COOS BAT— Salted Oct 14— Stmr Arcata. for
j San Francisco - •
GRATS HARBOR— Arrived Oct 13— Schr Liz
zie Vance, hence Sept 30.
! Sailed Cct 14— Stmr Philippine, for San Pedro.
Arrived Oct 1*-Schr John A, hence Oct 3;
schr Vlkine. hence Sept T3.
SEATTLE— Arrived Oct 14 — Stmr City of To
peVa and stmr Farallcn. from. Alaska; stmr
Bertha, frcm Union Bay.
Sailed Oct 14— Stmr City of Seattle, for
Skaguav. Oct 1G— Ship Isaac R*ed. for San
j Francisco.
j Arrived Oct 13 — Schr Fred E Sanders, from
! Port Biakeley; stmr Kadiak. from Alaska.
WHATCOM— Arrived Oct lC-Schr R E God
froy. from Port Blakeley.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Oct 1»— Schr North
Bend, for Taccma.
Arrived Oct lo — Schr Louise, from Cmpqus.
• ASTORIA-Sai!»d Oct 15— Stmr State of Call
? fornls. for San Francisco.
1 FORT BRAGG— Sailed Oct 13— Stmr National
City, .for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
i MANZANILLO— Arrived Oct 5-Bktn Katie
' Fllckirrer. from Taeoma.
! VICTORIA— Arrived Oct 14— Sealinr schr
Dora Seward.
Passing In Oct 13 — Pchr Teresa.
HONGKONG— Sailed Oct 15— Stmr China, for
S&n Franc* ?co. , I
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Oct S— Br stmr Gaelic.
fcr San Francisco.
BRISBANE— Arrived Oct 1J— Br stmr "Warr!
mo".'from Vancouver.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Oct 14— Br ship Doven
by Hall, frcm Oregon.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Oct U— Br . ship
Thornliebanit. frcm Oregon, and proceeded to
Ranccrn. _
- - Monday, October 13. ,
Stmr • Pomona, Ehea, .Eureka; GoodalL.'Per
kins & Co.. - --' ' i •
3uor g»at« Sou. Alexander, .Saa.Dieso;
ARRIVED. '
Monday. October 15. i
Etmr Crescent City. Stockfleta, JO hours from
Crescent City.
Stmr Walla Walla. Hall. €2*i houn from
Victoria and Puret Sound ports. \ •
Stmr North Fork. McLellan. 1 26 hours from
Eureka-
Tuj Lckenbach. McCoy. 7J days from New
York, via £t Lada « days, via. Rio de Ja
neiro 41 days,. via. Coronel » days, vU Callao
l« days. ; •. • -
Bark S C Allen, Johnson. » days from Hono
lulu. ' . . • •
Schr Monterey. Beck, 15 hours from Bo wens
Landing. ' • * -•
Schr Corinthian. Korth. J4 houn from
Bowena Landlne. ¦ "'¦,..
Shipping .Intelligence.
Notice is hereby given of the . following
changes In the aids to nar!eation in this die
trict. which affect the LJ^t of Lights aad Fog
yi^nal?. Pacific Coast, .1SO0.
Yanuir.a Eay. Oregon. No.'s 63 and C5. page
22. (List of Beacons and Buoys. Pac'Cc Coast,
1>X>. pages 45 and «.) — On or a&out November 1.
l&iA. the present range for entering: Taq-Jlna
Bay will be discontinued and the front light
O'ao.uina ncrth Jetty beacon, front, range
light)), situate] en the ncrth- jetty, moved to
range r— a--- r. (front) on the dry sands opposite
Newport, and will, with the McLeans Point
beacon llKht, form the new ranee for entering
Taqulca Bay. Channel rock, which heretofore
prt-venu-d the use of this ranee until after
the rock had b*en passed, has been removed
by biasiinp. and there Is now-, approximately,
a depth of 13 feet over it at low water.
North Heed Light Station. No. 135. page 30.
(List of Beacons and Bucys, Pacific Coast.
1K*>. pa?e 61.)— Th<? tower at this station, for
merly cement colored, has been painted ¦white..
The following affects the List of Beacons and
Buoys. Pacific Coast, 190«">:
Kr.trance to Baker Bay. page 50. East End
Sand Island buoy, a black and white perpen
: dlcularly striped .=e<"rn-i-class can. was dis
continued on September CE. 19OX
I Columbia. River, off Astoria. Oregon, pace 50.
i South side of middle ground buoy No. «11, a
; black, first-c!a«s can. is reported dragged frcra
its position and will be, replaced as early as
: practicable.
i Columbia River, channel across St. Helens
Bar to mouth of Willamette River, pag-e 5%.
, P.e?der crosMnp buoy No. 1. a black, first-class
; spar, was established October 3, ia 20 feet of
; water, as a gnide in the chanr.M. Kaapp
' Landing post light. N H E: Reeder Point post
; li^ht. S 1, TT; Tangent to Willow bar point.
N N W.
Willamette River, channel to Portland. Ore
f?on. pasre 53. Coon Island channel buoy No. 2,
a red. first-class spar, was established Octo
ber 3 in 13 feet of water, and marks the outer
submerse^, end of the jetty at Coon Island
I North end of Nigp*r Tom Island, S E \i E;
I west end of Ranway Island. S \ E.
I Alaska. Lynn Canal. pa?e M. Poun<5«tone
rock buoy, a red and black horizontally rtrir-ed
[ second-class can. is reported gone from its po
sition, and will be replaced as^early as practi
cable.
By order of the Lighthouse BoanJj
W. P. DAT.
Ccramander. N. S. N..
Inspector Thirteenth LiRhthous- District
Office of United States L.ichlhouse Inspector
Portland. Oreson. October 12. WOO.
PAN FISANCISCO LIGHT VESSEL No. TO.
Notice Is hereby given that on or about Xo
vtmNr 1. ISO). LJght Vessel No. 70. moored
about 3H miles outMde of the bar oil the en
trance to San Francisco Harbor, will be tem
porarily withdrawn, frcm her station for re-
I ptlrs. aad the station . will be marked by a
j «as buoy, painted red with "-Lljtht . Vessel
< Mr---rins»"" in blade, shovrlnt; a fixed white
Ifsht.
Light Vessel No. TO will be returned to her
¦tation as soon as repairs have been com
pleted, and the buoy withdrawn, of which due
notlc* will be Blven.
This notice affects the List of Ughts and Koic
Finals, PaciSc Ccast, 1900. pa^e 14. No. X. md
the List of Beacons and Buoys, Pacific Coast.
1900. pace IS- ' "
By order oi th* Llphthouse Board.
FRANCIS J. HIGGINSON,
Rear Admiral, TJnited States Navy, Chairman.
Notice to Mariners.
The British "ship King Georee cleared yes
terday for Queer.stcwn for orders with S>,lfiO
ct!s wheat, valued at £1.1(8: 59.3S3 ctls barley,
valued at !36.??0. and 18.500 feet lumber dun
naee. valued at $Z7Z: Total value. 175.433. The
German <=*ilp J. "VV. Weni: also cleared yester
day for Queer.stown for orders with 60.2S7 ctls
barley, valued at JO.Od. and 23,«») feet lum
ber dunnage, valued at &T73. Total vaJue.
J63.005.
Wheat axid Barley- Shipments.
The Albyn loads wheat for Europe, 41s 53:
the Astracana, wheat frcm Portland to Europe,
42s (if wheat and fiour, 4Zs Sd): the Conway.
wheat at Portland for Europe. 3$s; the D2J
catrr.e. wheat at Portland for Kurop«\ 40s: the
Paul Rickmers. lumber .from Burranl Irlet to
Cork. Si? 31. All or above were chartered prior
to arrival.
Shipping' Blsrchants.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Lighr Vessel No. 75 -vriH t* returned to her
staticn as nob as repairs have been completed,
ar.d the bucr withdrawn, of which due notice
will be riven.
alaska and the Seal Islands, went to
Nome. From there she went to Norton
Sound. Fish River and Port Clarence.
Topographical and geographical surveys
of all the points ¦were made.
A crowd of disgruntled miners were
brought to the cca=t on the Pathfinder
and another crowd follows on the Patter
son. The men on the Patfinder. led by W.
J. Peters, sav that what I'ncle Sam gave
them for nothing was not half good
enough and that they were entitled to a
restaurant bill of fare every day.
The following very important notice to
mariners has been Issued by the Light
house Board:
Notice is hereby (riven that, on or about
November 1, WOO, il£ht vessel No. TO. moored
about three and a quarter miles outside of
the bar n?T the entrance to San Francisco har
l»r. will be temporarily withdrawn from her
station for repair?, and the station will be
rr;ark«>1 by a pas huoy, rainted red with "Light
Vessel Mcorings" ia bLack. and showing a fixed
white light.
Survey steamer Pathfinder arrived from
the Arctic yesterday. She left Seattle in
Juna last and after a cruise around Un-
Captain A. U Hall, from the "susj*«s,"
William* Head. B. C. September 6-3). 1300.
On the reverse side isr
Walla! Walla' Walla! •
Hear us holfk.
£u*s*cts smallpox.
WaUa! Walla! Walla.!
The United States Cc#LSt and Geodetic
The new steam schooner Santa Barbara
•was out en the bay yesterday on h*-r
maiden trip. She has been built for J. R.
Hanify & Co. and will run in the Mer
chants' Line between San Pedro, Eureka
and San Francisco. Captain E. Jahnsen.
late of the Samoa, will command the new
vessel. On her official trial yesterday she
made twelve knots an hour and her own
ers expect her to log ten knots right
straight along.
Her Flag at Half-SIast.
The bark S. C. Allen arrived from the
islands yesterday after a good run. A
death on board last Wednesday cast a
glocm over the whole ship. Walter J.
Morrison cf 1313 Tenth avenue, Oakland,
made a sea voyage in hopes of improving
his health. He was dying of consumption
and his friends hoped to prolong his life.
He was only 25 years old and a sea voy
age seemed the best thing for him. He
died within sight of the Golden Gate and
all the captain could do was not enough
to overcome head winds and calms. Tn<:
remains are aboard the bark and will be
landed to-day.
•
Water Front Notes.
The steamer Walla Walla was quaran
tined at Williams Head. B. C-. for a fort
night because of smallpox. Captain A. L.
Hall was the main stay and main brace
throughout the detention and when the
passengers got out of limbo they sought
to do him honor. - A loving cup was built
and presented to him yesterday. On it
is engraved:
? .
SANTA BARBARA'S TRIAZu
J. B. Hanify & Co.'s New Steam
Schooner Makes Her Maiden Trip.
THE Santa, Fe Company's new
ferry steamer San Pablo had her
trial trip on the bay yesterday,
over the measured mile along the
Marin shore. £he made ' thirteen
knots against a four-mile current, equal
to seventeen knots, ar.d nearly sixteen
krfots on the home stretch. Taking
everything into consideration, the San
Pablo is the fastest side-wheel boat on
the bay and her record from Point Rich
mond to the company's dock at the fer
ries is an exceedingly good one. From
slip to slip was made in a little o\'er
twenty-eight minutes ar.d bota builders
and owners were satisned with that
ghowing.
Axnong- those who went out on the San
Pablo were Captain A. H. Payson. nrst
vice president of the San Francisco and
San Joaquin Valley read and president of
the Santa F* Terminal Company: \Y. A.
Bissell. assistant traffic manager of the
Santa Fe system: J. YV. "Walker, superin
tendent of the Santa Fe Terminal Com
pany; Alex Mackie. secretary ar.d treas
urer of the Santa Fe Terminal Company
aad secretary of the San Francisco and
San Joaqain Valley .-oad; Robert WV.t,
director of the San Francisco and San
Joaquin Valley road, and \V. R. Alberger.
chief clerk to Traffic Manager Bissell.
Numerous other employes were along £ucd
all had a good time.
Among the guests of the Santa Fe were
Frank H. MacKormack. general agent of
the Rock Island route: R.' P. Rithet of
Welch & Co.; J. O'B. Gann of the Union
Iron Works, and John Forsyth. Mr.
Forsyth was in charge of the engine
room.
Captain John Metcalf. Lloyds* surveyor,
was also there, as Fas H. C. Whiting,
superintendent of the California North
wn-stem road, and Julius Kruttschnilt of
the Southern Pacific. J. B. Stetson of the
North Pacific Coast road was along and
had with him Chief Engineer Denis Gor
man of the Sausalito and Captain O.
Jorgansen to make rotes. The Sausa
lito ferry system wants a new and faster
boat and judging from Mr. Stetson's
notes, a. boat en the lines of the San
Pablo- will be built to run between SSan
Francisco and Sausalito.
Captain Piilsbury of the Mail Company
was in command of the San Pa£lo. He
also ran the battleship Wisconsin when
ehe made her run against time. In both
Instances the runs, were more than suc
cessful and as the battleship Wisconsin
ranks as the fastest vessel of her cUis
afloa.t. so can the San Pablo claim the
title of the fastest ferryboat on the bay.
Under ordinary steam she made the run
from Point Richmond to the ferries (dock
to dock) in 2 1 >'- 2 minutes. Pretty good
time on an eight-mile run.
With Captain Piilsbury In the pilot
house was Captain Luciy oi. the tus
Union and Captain Laurltz-.n. The lat
ter mariner was formerly on the Ocean
Wave ajid gains a weli-earned promotion.
He ta-kes command of the San Pablo to
day. J. J. McDonald, chief engineer of
the tug Richmond, took charge of the
San Pabio's engrines as soon as Mr. For
| syth ¦was through with them.
The San Pa&lo is one of the most mod
ern vessels in the world. On the upper
deck a space is partitioned off and six
I round tables instated ar.d here passen
i gers coming across the bay can eet a
I light meal without going downstairs.
I This will be a blessing to women with
i children. Retiring rooms for women and
; children have aiso teen provided on the
I upper deck and in this respect the San
' Pablo has not a peer on the Pacific Coast.
i Fre<l Harvey, the well-known Santa Fc
caterer, runs the restaurant through his
representative. F. A. Dempsey. Harvey
I has never been on the coast, but if he is
as good an entertainer as his representa
tive he is all right. J. Emmet Hayden
of the Tiburon route is in charge of the
bar.
Xot Blamed for a Collision.
Captains Bolles and Bulger exonerated
from blame the pilots of the steamship
Columbia and the ferry steamer Berke
ley yesterday for the collision which oc
trurred on the bay between them recently.
Thev estirr-ated the total damage at JCy»).
o •
Charles Hefiry Halberg. able seaman,
filed two libel suits yesterday against the
Alaska Packers' Association, claiming
H9JD0O damages in each case. Or.e com
plaint is that while he signed as an able
teamen he was required to do carpenter
•work, in the course of whicli he cut his
¦wrist with a chisel and permanently dis
abled his left arm. The other complaint
is that the company neglected to give his
wound proper medical attention.
Damages Asksd by a Seaman.
tions
"Three days out from Rio our deck
lead of sixteen tons of coal was lost.
Coming through the straits we were not
treated to a sight of the Indians nor did
we witness any massacres or big fires.
"The Luckenbach proved herself a great
sea boat and behaved splendily in the
rough weather we experienced. Taking it
all throueh. she made a first rate voyage
ar.-l can be well termed a noble vessel."
The Luekenbach Is one of the biggest
boats of her class. She measures 135 feet
Is length. Her gross tonnage is SGO.
The Luekenbach arrived at Pacific
street wharf shortly after 5 o'clock. The
crowd on the whart gave Captain McCoy
a hearty ¦welcome home and offered him
Its congratulations for his speedy voyage.
Speaking of the trip, the captain sa:d th°
run to San Francisco was an uneventful
one.
"We left New York late en August 4 and
completed the passage in seventy-two
days, steaming fifty-two days and lay
ing oft twelve days and sixteen hours.
Stops were made at Santa Lucia. Rio de
Janeiro. Sar.dy Point. Coror.ei and Callao.
From the latter point we made the run
home in sixteen days. In the Atlantic we
had generally unfavorable weather, but on
this side we "averaged much belter condi-
The splendid tugboat L. Luekenbach.
the late?t addition to the fleet owned by
the £nn cf J«hn D. Spreckels & Bro.*
Company, arrived here yesterday after
noon from New York. The new boat is of
the type known a^ "ocean going"' and It is
the bca.n of the men who sail this cla?s
of tug that they can outride a storm
¦which would swamp much- larger stearn-
Xeu- Spreckels Boat 2Iakes the Long
Journey in fifty-Nine Days'
Steaming.
TUG LUCKE2TBACH HERE
FROM NEW YORK CITY
Officials of Santa Fe System Express Themselves as More
Than Satisfied With the Steamer.
NEW FERRY-BOAT SAN PABLO
HAS SUCCESSFUL TRIAL TRIP
OAKLAND FIGHTS FOR AND
WINS A PRINCELY GIFT
Federal Supreme Court Ends the Litigation Over
the Famous Garcelon Trust
ONE cf the lonre?t I'.tieatior.s In
the history of California ar.d cne
ir.vol\in^ 'the disposition of bun-
Cre<is of thousands of dollars was
closed yesterday by the Supreme
Court cf the United States. With the
tziiing of this famous case. Tihlch has
enfraged the attc-nuon of Stcte and Fed
eral courts and -which tu.s enriched law
yers the city of Oakland falls heir to
•vrh&t -n-ill be a raapru!;cent hospitai and
Eowdcin College v.ill became the beneri
<^ary of a lar&e fortune. The case is thai
la which ifce nephews of the late D;\
fe&muei ilem:t enr-tavored to destroy a
truit In which their aum. Mrs. Catherine
M. G**«e4cm, gave before her death
g£O0 oQg for a hospiial for Oakland and
}¦<¦"< to Bow,lcin College. For more
than nine years the r.ephews of Dr. Mer
ritt sought to cestroy Liiat trust and at
i £ «:; thev have met their f.nai defeat .n
the highest tribunal la the land. The
< v.-.ei money will uow be devoted to the
j .:;^ic5 icr which It was designed.
\\ r.ta I>r. Siaiuel Merritt ditd it vaf
: tad that ir. his will be gave the vast
bulk ot nis pro^-erty to h:s stster, Mrs.
Catherine M. Garcclon. The nephews of
the physician. Fred Merritt. and James V.
il«;rritt. contested the will of their uncle
.. I finally by compromise won $300.O>ai
Ircm his estate. Mrs. Garcelon rc-tainini;
the remainder, which had an estimated
value of £2.500. <»"<».
Sc'ine time after this and before her
< atb Mrs. Oarcelon transferred in trust
to John A. Star.iey a rri"Cely fortune. The
| r | trtf thus transferred was estimated
sit that time, nine years ago. to be worth
< ne million dollars.. Mr=. Garcelon pro
vided that Lhree-flftha of the money, o
00, should be spent lot the establish
ment cf a hospital la Oakland, to be
i-:r.-»n as the Samuel Merritt Hospital.
Tile remaining two-fifths, or JiOO.Ow, was
to be given to Bowdoin College, where Dr.
E&mutl Merritt was educated. This prop
erty has as a matter of course greatly in
creased in value since Mrs. Garcelon died.
Upon her death the nephews of Mrs.
Garcelon contested the trust. They fought
ttubbornly and bitterly, but lost their case
in the Superior Court. They appealed to
the Supreme Court of California, but
fc^ain they lest, the ippell&te tribunal of
the S-ate afhrrring the decision cf the
'. wer court. But the nephews were not
They succeeded in erettir.fr the
case into the Federal courts and the issues
were tried in the L'rdied States Circuit
Court.
Again the nephews lost, but the amount
at stake was large enousrn to warrant fur
ther resistance and an appeal was taken
to the I'nSted States Circuit Court of Ap
|»-r.".?. But once mere the nephews lost,
the I 'cited States Circuit Court of Ap
peals aSrciicg the decision of the Circuit
Court. Years had passed since the death
< f Mrs. Garc<'lon: thousands upon thou
saris of dollars had been paid to lawyer*:
(aDtxre had followed failure in the courts
cf State ar.d nation, but ttUJ the nephews
' vcre not discouraged. Having prosecuted
two appeals unsuccessfully before the
E : r- me Court cf the J'ntted States, the
nephews determined tn try again and last
May they finally applied to the Supreme
Court of the I'rJted States for a writ of
c*r::^rari to review the decision of th*
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CAI/L, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1900.
THE SANTA FE RAILROAD COMPANY'S FINE NEW FERRY STEAMER SAN PABLO ON HER OFFICIAL
TRIAL, TRIP. THE MAX WHO HAD CHARGE OF HER ON THAT OCCASION* AND THE MAN WHO WILL
COMMAND HER PERMANENTLY. , ' f
7UE5DAT. OCTOEER IS.
TO SAIL.
Unl ted State* Coast and Geodetic Survey—
" Tlmea aad ' Heia-fcU ot High, and ' L«w
Branch HrdroyrapfcJc Office, TJ. 8. X., Mer
chants' Kxrhar.ce. San Francisco, CaL.
- -¦ October ' 15. 1900. _^ ¦ „_.
Tb« time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
bulWtns *u dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1 e . at noon of the 130th meridian, or at J
o'clock p. bl. Greenwich ttae. ciuds -_
•lieutenant Commander. U. S. X.. la chair*.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
5
United States Circuit Court of Appeals.
This writ was refused yesterday and witn
the refusal the case ends
It Is estimated that J2W.CO9 has be«n
spent in the nine years of litigation by the
de?enders ; of the trust. The er.d has come.
however, and Oakland will be richer in
the possession cf a magnlflcent hospital.
Steamer.
I Destination. )
Sails.
I Pier.
Panta R<Jsa'fi»n Dleiro lOct. 1«. 11 amfPier 11
Alliance ...-Portland Oct. IS. »amjPler3>
G Dollar.. (Grays Harbor Oct. IT, 5 pin Pi«r !
Areer MamChlnaiJapan Oct. 17. 1 pm PMSS
Oue»n ...Honolulu lOct- 17. 8 pmlPler 7
Arcata. ..... Coo» Bay Oct. 1?. 13 mJPler 1»
Coca Bay... Newport Oct. 18. 9 am Pier 11
Eu'efca ....Hurnboldt Oct. 19. 10»m.Pler 1J
North Fork Humboldt Oct. IS. 9 am Pier t
U'alla W... Victoria.: 'Oct. 18, 11 am Pier 9
City Para.. N«w Torfc Oct. IS, 12 m PMSS
rornoaa. ... Humboldt.. — [Oct. ». I pm'Pler 9
State Cal.. PortUnd. {Oct. 3). 11 am Pier U
Corona : San Dle?o {Oct. 20, U amlPier 11
W. Kroger. Grays Harbor Oct. 20, I...:....
Pt. -Arena.. Point Arena. .(Oct. 55. 2 pmlPler 2
Bonita Newport [Oct. 2X » amjPlgr 11
Steamer.
FYom.
Dec.
North Fork IHumbol^t Oct. IS
G*o. W. Elder.. Portland jOct. H
Willamette Seattle JOct. 1«
Profrreso Tac«mi Oct. IS
Arcata Coos Bay Oct. IS
Eureka Haroboldt Oct. IS
D*l Norte Portland Oct. 15
City of PeWagiChina and Jai>aa JOcU IS
Coos Bay (Newport Oct. 1«
State CallfornlftfiFortland jOct. 17
Titania. INanalmo (Oct. IT
Iaqua |Eureka ]Oct: IS
Point Ar»sa ... Point Arena (Oct. IS
Corona ISan Diego «. lOct. 1*
Mlr.eola ITacoma !Oct. I?
Pomona (Humboldt (Oct. 1?
Rival IWilUpa Oct. 13
W. H. Kruser.. San Pedro Oct. 11
UniatlHa Victoria , Oct. 19
Alameda Australia Oct. 19
Kreo 'Coquille River fOct: M
Peru (New York Oct. 3)
Bonlta - iSewport Oct; M
Cre»ccnt Clty... ! Cre?cent Cltr Oct. M
Columbia IPortland Oct. Si
Santa Rosa |San Diego ,'Oct. 23
Pun sets 5:31
San ri.«es 5:1 ?
Moon riM*. third quarter 00:<-3 a. in.
H :Tlm«i iTliae' JTlmeJ iTiraej
i ! — i Ft. : Ft. n. , Ft.
? H Wi L W) )H W) L W|
IS ...| 7:* 1 ! 4-T «:«• 3.1 «:05! 4.51 1
1L wi »H W] I- w] iH TV!
17 .1 0«! I.C 7:45< 4.9< 1:JT' ::«! 7:20 4.4
HTM l:Kl llll-t^l S.lj J:^l M »=»i «-5
13 .1 J:!«l 1.4' S:KI 5.2j 3:«! l.«! »:1«] 4.5
?1 '"¦; a-K! 1.*! 9:~! 3.3' 4:1X1 n.8' T»:5-il 4.«
h '.'.\ 3:i3! 2.1! 1O:B1 5-51 4:*Z< 0.4! 11:J3!^4.5
Steamer.
I Destination. )
Sails.
I Pier.
Panta R<Jsa'fi»n Dleiro lOct. 1«. 11 amfPier 11
Alliance ...-Portland Oct. IS. »amjPler3>
G Dollar.. (Grays Harbor Oct. IT, 5 pin Pi«r !
Areer MamChlnaiJapan Oct. 17. 1 pm PMSS
Oue»n ...Honolulu lOct- 17. 8 pmlPler 7
Arcata. ..... Coo» Bay Oct. 1?. 13 mJPler 1»
Coca Bay... Newport Oct. 18. 9 am Pier 11
Eu'efca ....Hurnboldt Oct. 19. 10»m.Pler 1J
North Fork Humboldt Oct. IS. 9 am Pier t
U'alla W... Victoria.: 'Oct. 18, 11 am Pier 9
City Para.. N«w Torfc Oct. IS, 12 m PMSS
rornoaa. ... Humboldt.. — [Oct. ». I pm'Pler 9
State Cal.. PortUnd. {Oct. 3). 11 am Pier U
Corona : San Dle?o {Oct. 20, U amlPier 11
W. Kroger. Grays Harbor Oct. 20, I...:....
Pt. -Arena.. Point Arena. .(Oct. 55. 2 pmlPler 2
Bonita Newport [Oct. 2X » amjPlgr 11
Steamer.
FYom.
Dec.
North Fork IHumbol^t Oct. IS
G*o. W. Elder.. Portland jOct. H
Willamette Seattle JOct. 1«
Profrreso Tac«mi Oct. IS
Arcata Coos Bay Oct. IS
Eureka Haroboldt Oct. IS
D*l Norte Portland Oct. 15
City of PeWagiChina and Jai>aa JOcU IS
Coos Bay (Newport Oct. 1«
State CallfornlftfiFortland jOct. 17
Titania. INanalmo (Oct. IT
Iaqua |Eureka ]Oct: IS
Point Ar»sa ... Point Arena (Oct. IS
Corona ISan Diego «. lOct. 1*
Mlr.eola ITacoma !Oct. I?
Pomona (Humboldt (Oct. 1?
Rival IWilUpa Oct. 13
W. H. Kruser.. San Pedro Oct. 11
UniatlHa Victoria , Oct. 19
Alameda Australia Oct. 19
Kreo 'Coquille River fOct: M
Peru (New York Oct. 3)
Bonlta - iSewport Oct; M
Cre»ccnt Clty... ! Cre?cent Cltr Oct. M
Columbia IPortland Oct. Si
Santa Rosa |San Diego ,'Oct. 23
Pun sets 5:31
San ri.«es 5:1 ?
Moon riM*. third quarter 00:<-3 a. in.
H :Tlm«i iTliae' JTlmeJ iTiraej
i ! — i Ft. : Ft. n. , Ft.
? H Wi L W) )H W) L W|
IS ...| 7:* 1 ! 4-T «:«• 3.1 «:05! 4.51 1
1L wi »H W] I- w] iH TV!
17 .1 0«! I.C 7:45< 4.9< 1:JT' ::«! 7:20 4.4
HTM l:Kl llll-t^l S.lj J:^l M »=»i «-5
13 .1 J:!«l 1.4' S:KI 5.2j 3:«! l.«! »:1«] 4.5
?1 '"¦; a-K! 1.*! 9:~! 3.3' 4:1X1 n.8' T»:5-il 4.«
h '.'.\ 3:i3! 2.1! 1O:B1 5-51 4:*Z< 0.4! 11:J3!^4.5
ADVEBTISZaiZlJTS.
FREE RUPTURE CURE,
WoaderfaHy Brilli&st IaTesiiea Ssia tt *Lcw
Price— A Hoas Oza Tilt Is Restsr-
fagTfcwMi ia Perfect Health.
A Free Trial U Mailed to All Who Send
.Name end Address.
1 "^*^. Ia sp«ail25
about hi* re-
_j^^j^- -»~-«_^ cur* ot &
¦ vi. tfacire r o o s
xiyr *%k ruptura Mr.
r^i .-. Lawrence E.
Tfi 'i&$&*££k P ro t e in«n:
>fl 1 , , >tfc->-«, had tued and
t (i".E^Slife»'' other trea:-
niect e o n-
MR. LAWRENCE E. UETEE. t a 1 n m. I
.... fcada't raaci
faith In th« rxwsit'lity of a cure but the re-
sults are remarkable. I had been laid cp far
month*, but from th* day I Ver.r. the Rica
: method the nn>tur« did not bother me for &
minute. It was only a short time when I
cocldn't feel anr trace oi wfcera th« rupfar*
*Al be?a and I soon was able to work all dar
as freely as a yours rr.zr.. I adT:s« every rup-
! tur»d m«Ti cr woman to s«nd at one* and % t
I this method as it »^!>r'a:r!7 cure pema-
i nently and iwrfectly." Mr. Meyer's advice is
' rood. Usoa application to Dr. Rice, he win
1 send you free a trial «f his farcous Qethod.
and if you know tti acy other person rcpvor^l
bare him write also. Soch an act of k!adne*s
will bo remembered all the rest of h±» llf*.
¦Write to-day without Jail. Address Dr. W. S.
Rice, 41S F Main st, Adams. X. T. Tas trial
U zsalled free to all who teed cas* aad ad-
dress asd Is sent sealed ta plala wiaavex.
g Last Day of Neckwear Sate, -
jf A'l thatjemiias of fe nretty Scarfs Jibots aad Stock Collars tliat hare
V been more or* les? sofe 1 H Dsrlay to be cosel out today 3t ICSS than
» hair regular prices.'
jf 50o and 75c Keck wear for 25 g
$f,QO a^cf S3. 25 Nac'twozn for SGc
j S1r25 io S3.CQ Mackwear for 75c
| Water Pinchers. \Handkes*chief Sate.
j," x -12 of '.hesefircTfllo dozin Ladies* Sheer Lawn Hen-
S !PmTfTTlr^ glass Water' 1 Pitched Eardkerch ef* that caaa fc>
5 'li flu p rc v e^hif!-a'c= : " wond«r»bj Tnder-pricid;
S \\li 1 lUlj j, "• c - e - 5 -« J S3'<!2, h»rdkereh"efs with ed*in- of Valea-
* \\\\ \ \\ul4' ca ? 3C:tT « on !aIe t0 i ei?rE<H lace, make o-e of the bast bar-
k" to M i ;^^*" w^'' e quantityj fraiis cf the at t^-djj's mm
*>* v^Sft^- I»«tf. at a third less] price, each OC
S y?^\T tk:a real nm
$ Tahe , each^ 21c _ ... _ . .
k — Faaojf Underskirts
k Three Knives 22o» Th* $3, $4 and $5
J* - 1^3 Kinds for $2.50,
£ /*-"* W /r~**'%^:^^k set of Ei? ts-ortel
»? . 3 hisdy; /i\ 'etcf fi=e?tsi'.k-
Jt rf-2^ — ZxlZ. d-^fa^JgO knives, i // \ finished. Sateea
** ¦ /^— - LT-^r°*i d ' ff * re " t i /, [ h\ Underskirts; all
li '"' l ~~*"--'~'-> 1 fzs3. forj jj I t \ colors and
fc* bread, cake, p3ri={j frnit, etc; best; j! I \ bhek; 12 styles
J» cstter os th9 ra3rket for bot or cod! II \ nr^ r tf\\ cf accordioa
£ breai;a set o: kniviJ tiat sel'a regu-; /^T 7^" ,iVN. p^ted flounces;
fc; larly at 3oc, for Taesdaj miM *$&*[*& differtrt widtki
i onlr 22C jj it i ill \A\? froa 9 to 14
* House rurnfahlns Department. &iWtt<&Mi • EC^ 3 ' 9 ° = •
o « . , „„„ j 7lfWf^k'v>ii> with ose row
$. SpSC^t Offering ; UJWHWT^ plaitfag. others
t: Tinted T^bie Covers. ? 77 . 7\ . tT7 ° ani tbree:
r. Tf v v. ~n t- 3 r\ • f t.- r> i 3 * tairhed with rcch 1 * o: san? nrateria.;
U V,e ttragbt 5M Tinted Djr.,a iab e C v-i re::a a . 1? $30 , $3 $l ,- ( aH
I' «" fo; a iittse Eore than ralf. $ -. w tc . d (r —^
g. are 4 i41 irch-s. fr.rced all aroanc] dav) oc , - jhZia&ij
h a^-1 fzird in a larjre variety of fbraij " "
(fficts. To tre^e we have aided a few!
k « made o? w'aite J.vi ca^vts a'.?o worth | £?£»*«# r/^«rof« 7'«*
tf 65c. TAfM covers can be etched cr «^*V t lafiKSIS £ 2 C*
j? used a> they are; to-d3>'i nr% Ta J ; Fall's sty'es Printed F aa:e!3 in a
?. special price or.'y O iSG comlete rasfe of co'orir^s. snitab'a
H — for wra???r3. wa 3t3 zn A . children's
g Drsss.ng Gomiss 80 ? ear i fc ." : , cl0 ' h: Fri " d for 71 e
g ** Tuesday 3 sale, per yard #2**
I ¦ fiiSSSliill] I 25c Plaques 12c.
tt We bought from the Goodyear Vo'carJte'Pretty neta! Plaqne?, 9 ische3 ia diaa-
*t Co. a samr.le Sine of 2>J hard rubber! et»r, art : 3tica 1- cx=c3ted ia oil colors,
y D.*£5sia^ C2rr.b; that ar? worth in the with gold rims and rirgs oa back fcr
tf re^n'ar wvl^ and 2Cc each; wa give hancicg, that are worth 25c encb,
£ you the b»>nr£t of thebay to-d-y o j eff^red for Tue3day oaly, «o*»
V when we cff;r the erVre lot, esch GC each..... -— — S^G
it
THE EMPORTTJiL
THE EMPORIUM.
Ladies' Shoe TgTW5g BFBflB^fi^ffi^BB BE^fi Good Nickel
Sland—io 1 of 0BS^* ***** a~3 *¦ K* $*/U Zlzch 'in\ tailj
stairway leading to P CoIdenftaleBazaar. *i jrairaateei
L*-He,' Parlor. «Jfor>u-s uwsoest-a-hewca* grandest stor* j^oy oz i y . SDc
AD VEETISZilEXT S.
r — — ,
" I am so nervous and wretched." "I feel as if I should
fly." How familiar these expressions are ! Little things
annoy you and make you irritaDle. You cajrt sleep, -you are
unfit for ordinary duties, and are subject to dizziness.
That bearing-dovrn sensation helps to make you feel
miserable.
You have backache and painsilow down in the side, pain
in top^of head, later on at the base of the brain.
5 Such a condition points unerringly to serious uterine
trouble.
• If you had written to Mrs. Pinkham when you first ex-
perienced impaired vitality, you would have been spared
these hours of awful suffering.
Happiness will be gone out of your life%orever, my sister,
unless you act promptly. Procure Lydia E. Pinkham's
Vegetable Compound at once. It" is absolutely sure to
help you. Then write to Mrs. Pinkham, at Lynn," Mass., if
there is anything about your case you do not understand.
! You need not be afraid to tell her the things you could
not explain to the doctor — your letter is seen only by women
and is absolutely confidential. Mrs. Pinkham's vast experi-
ence with such troubles enables her to tell you just what is
best for you, and she will charge you nothing for her advice.
Mrs. Valentine Tells of Happy Results Accomplished by
Lydia E- Pinkham's Vegetable Compound.
" DeaB !'1es. PikehaM :— Itis with pleasure that ll ||
I a.dd rny testimony to your list, noping it may induce -<?^^^^^^V
others to avail themselves of the benefit of your val-
uable remedy. Before taking Lydia E. Pink- <gr ~$]S^3
ham's Vegetable Compound, I felt very bad, g
¦eras terribly n«?rvotis and tired, had sick headaches, §&frreg?^
r-o appetite, pnawin^ pain in Etomach. pain m ray Y^f N=r /",)
back aad right siie, and so weak I could scarcely f^w* )r
Etand. I was not able to do anything. Had sharp li 3 *** If
pains all through my body. Before I had taken half tt^ _*rjL.
a botUe cf your medicine. I found myself improv- !£%£S??*^&k"^*y
:ng I continued its use until I had taken four
bottles, and felt 6O well that I did not need to ;^§lpy«WnVrt '
tak^ as-, more. I am like a new person, and your £-~cf g / W l\ \>
medicine shall always hare my praise,"— MBS W. Jptu/P VALENTINE
P. Valentlve, 505 Ferry Avenue, Camden, N. J. [|nK5WKVALLNUNt,. |
$_~q /-jv /ttk RPIlf inn Owing to tie fact that tome tleptkal
Ty FwY* Jra rfxi U b Ww* f\ K S3 P^T^- tave-rora time toiisi» qc-j-jeced
flUk i'P H P n lit ¥¦ ¦¦¦••W tieEenninenewefUietMtiaiooiallttteri
IrV« J t 3 [j a we »fe constantly pubiivhiaf, we have
' U F i r H N depc-iited with the National City Bank, of' Lj-nn. Mass.. $5,000,
' Of K r lA B »hich wCl b« paid to a=y prrs-^n who can show that the above
, R Wtj AtSf 9 JH W,^ testiaxmul is sot ptnuisf. or wa* pcbli «hed before obtaining the
MQpf 122? T& writer's *j<cal pjrxissioa.— Lyuia E. Pi^kham Medicl-»b Co.If j'ou ask a man for an ad or a few
locals he will tell you he doesn't believe in
advertlslns-a rnper is never read. But
let him be caught hugging tho hired girl
or chasing a loose piece of calico up tho
street after dark, or "struggling with a
jug of "tamarln" water, if the printing
office is in a garret of a twenty-four story
building be will climb to the top and ask
the editor not to publish it In the paper
where everybody will read it.— Michigan
Bulletin.
IT ALL DEPENDS.
The reason that W. J. Bryan received
one electoral vote at the election in Call
fornla in 1896 was that J. W. Martin, can
didate on the Democratic ticket, received
more votes than Thomas Flint, the low
est candidate on the Republican ticket.
ELECTORS-A. D. and A. S.. City The
candidate for Republican Elector' who
was defeated in 1&6 was Thomas FUnt
*W M U° Crat WSS elected was j:
ST. MArf\ S— Reader. Fairfleld Cal If
the correspondent will state which St
Mary's Cathedral Information Is de«lr»<i
about it will be furnished. If obtalnlbie
Is it the 1 old cathedral at California and
Dupont streets or the new one at Van
ness avenue and O'Farrell street?
MAIL TO KAHULUI-L. E. L. Santa
Cruz. cal. Mail Intended for Kahufu?
H. I.. Is sent from San Francisco hv
steamer to Honolulu, and from there .JS»
to destination. The means of communica
tion between Honolulu and Kanului ia Sr
interlaland steamer, twice a week
NEW TOKK LEGISLATURE-N citv
The last time that the Legislature "in the
QUESTIONS IN ARITHMETIC-Sub
scriber, City. The question asked Is one
In arithmetic. This department does not
answer questions In arithmetic nor solve
problems, nor answer conundrums so " e
STEAMER PACIFIC-A Reader Fair
field, Cal. The steamer Pacific arrived in
oSS^fe fr ° m Panama °n the Jh
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
CAXIFOBNIAUS HT WASHINGTON
* 1
WASHINGTON*. D. C. Oct. lo.-John D.
Spreckels Is at the Shoreham. L. R
Mead is at the Arlington. L. Taussig is
at the Cochran. Edward C. Hughes and
wife are at the Raleigh. All are of San
Francisco.-
Senator James K. Jones has lost prestige by ac
cepting the chairmanship of the Democratic National
Committee, and he is now known to a good many of
our Eastern contemporaries as chairman jimkayjones.
A Louisiana Judge made a strange bid the other
day to keep his memory green even in unenviable no
toriety. . He voted to keep Abraham Lincoln and
Daniel Webster out of the American temple of fame.
A determined effort is being made to have Federal
Quarantine Officer Kinyoun removed. It would
seem an. easy task to remove any appendage that has
become a menace in its worthlessness.
Since the beginning of the war with Spain Uncle
Sam has spent more than $72,000,000 in San Fran
cisco. And the Democratic calamity howlers wonder
why they speak to ears that hear not. ,
Let us have a solid Republican delegation in Con
gress. On every question affecting the honor and
the prosperity of the republic the vote of California
thould be unanimous.
The anti-imperialists arc to a certain extent right in
saying the free coinage of silver is not an issue in the
campaign. It is^ certainly not an issue so long as
Bryan is a private citizen, but if he ever become Presi
dent it will be the biggest issue that has been in sight
for many a day.
The gentlemen who have been honored by places
on the local Democratic purity committee are falling
over one another in their frantic endeavors to resign.
As a purist Mayor Phelan and his hired men have
simply dumfounded the old guard of tricksters.
Mayor Phelan deserves all the sympathy which
naturally goes forth to a smashed idol. It was bad
enough for the yellow kid to throw stones at him,
but now even the Supervisors, the creatures of his
own political bounty, are calling him names.
It is noted that the latest betting odds are four to
one in favor of McKinley with very few takers of the
Bryan side, so it is safe to say Croker has long before
this hedged that $100,000 bet on Bryan that was so
leudly announced a few weeks ago.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
"Theophrastw* Jones desn't seem to
take any interest In politics, does he?"
"No: he wants to be fixed so that which
ever way the flection goes he can say he
felt aure It would come out that way."
Indianapolis Journal. ¦ -
First Villager-There is much less sick
ness since the new doctor came.
Second Villager— Yes. he Is so much
harder to beat o«t of his bills than the
old doctor was.— Philadelphia Presss.
"I always run from a braggart."
"Why?"
"I? I talk to one a few rrrlnutea I get to
telling lies myself." — Chicago Record.
Alice— She says she married him be
cause he wag different from the other
men she knew.
Maude — He must hare proposed to her.
—Town Topics.
Consuls In Shanghai want a *fU© of
marines." Nothing Is so rasping to th«
Chinese as a file of marines. — Minneapolis
Journal.
Miss Spltcurl ((riffgllngr)— Oh. Mr. Sharp,
you know a woman is only as old as sha
looks.
Mr. Sharp— She ought to be thankful
she Isn't as youn; as she acts.— Detroit
Free Press.
Pry — Do you rver regret becoming a
contortionist?
Mr. Twister— No, Indeed. "Why. I might
truthfully say it was the turning point of
my career. — Ohio State Journal.
They have be?n touring the principal
points of interest in the United States
and will sail on Thursday for their native
home. '
Captain J. C. Platte and wife, who hav©
been at the Grand for several days, will
leave for Manila this week, where Captain
Platte goes on a secset mission for the
United States Government. The captain
recently mude a report to the Govern
ment on the causes of the Boxer uprising.
Captain Platte was at one time judge ad
vocate of Manila.*
E. Black Ryan, tax attorney for the
Southern Pacific, has returned from a
three weeks' trip to his former home In
Lexington, Ky. It was Mr. Ryan's first
visit to his birthplace In half a century,
and he was able to find but one old
schoolmate. Mr. Ryan says there is still
Intense feeling between the Republicans
and Democrats as a result of the Goebel
affair. The Republicans are planning to
carry the State by from 5000 to 6000..
We have tornado insurance, hail insurance, insurance based upon the
contingency of twin?, matrimonial insurance. Insurance atrainst the discov
ery of a missing heir and burglar insurance, but the latest and best is war
insurance— a Michigan idea. The plan and scope of this sort of Insurance is
the reduction of International disputes to a business basis. Once In opera
tion it will compel nations to listen to reason instead of shooting at each
The scheme Includes the formation of an international board of arbitra
tion or adjustment composed of two representatives of each of the powers
insured. Disputes likely to end in war will be referred to this board. The
case will be tried and judgment rendered according to the merits of the
controversy. The damages will be adjusted, a balance struck and the na
tion suffering most In pride or prosperity will "be paid the difference in gold.
Contributions or premiums paid by the signatory powers or policy holders will
furnish the fund for the payment of penalties.
The inventor of the- scheme hopes to compel Governments, to Interest
themselves in it by opening popular stock subscriptions at $1 a share, thus
enlisting the support of the people. Prominent citizens of Michigan who
are Interested In the enterprise are Senator Burrows. Representatives Ham
ilton and Smith. C. S. Hazeltine, former Consul to Milan; Judge A. Morse,
formrr Consul to Glasgow, and others of hardly loss radiant fame.
It will tax the resources of a skilled actuary to make out the mortality
tables for this insurance company. Some of the republics of Central and
South America will be classed as extra hazardous or barred altogether. The
United States and Switzerland should get in at a low rate, although It must
be confessed that the United States has had a touch of acute bellicosltls
within the last two years and still ha.s a few lingering symptoms. China
would be rojefted because of threatened collapse, but Spain, having recov
ered nicely from recent amputation?, might pass. Russia's abnormal ap
netlte might make the examiner a tit suspicious. Xone of the nations has
a first-rate family history, but. of course, rates could be adjusted to suit
different cases and they could be put pretty high wltlftut amounting to as
much as the army and navy budgets of the European nations.
The development of the Michigan insurance scheme will be awaited with
Interest by persons who are in the habit of lying awake nights looking for
the em of universal peace.— Minneapolis- Times.
PERSONAL MENTION.
H. K. Stahl. a San Jose mining man. Is
at the Grand.
A. Wellheimer. merchant at Fresno, Is
at the Grand.
H. S. McKee and wife of Tittsburg are
at the Palace.
R Morgan, a big land, owner at Fort
Bragg, is at the Russ.
C. T. Blanchard, a Los Angeles oil man,
is registered at the Russ.
T. J. Carmen, a Bakersfleld oil man. Is
registered at the Occidental.
F. H. Day, an extensive lumberman at
Minneapolis, is at the Occidental.
A. H. Schnabel. fruit packer .at New
castle, is registered at the Grand.
Dr. J. L. Adams, a prominent New York
physician, is stopping at the Palace".
' J. D. Ludwle. a Mason Valley (Nev.)
mine owner, Is staying at the Grand.
E. L. Van Clceck, a Santa Cruz archi
tect, is at the Grand, accompanied by his
wife.
Mr. and Mrs. F. B. English of Oakland
arrived at the California last evening on
their bridal tour.
F T. Barlow and wife of Xew York are
rnaklns a pleasure tour of the State. They
have taken apartments at the California
during their stay in the city.
Judge "\V. B. Gilbert of the United
States Circuit Court is in this city from
Portland for a few days and is making
his headquarters at the Occidental.
G_ H. Peters and wife of Montreal are
enjoying a trip to California. 'While in
San Francisco they will stay at the Pal
ace. Mr. Peters is an extensive merchant.
Mrs. I. J. "Aschhelm, nee Fleischman,
has returned from her wedding tour and
will be pleased to receive her friends
Sunday. October 21, from 2 to 5, at tho
Hotel Savoy.
George F. Myers, one of the largest sal
mon packers of Portland, is at the Occi
dental. His wife Is with him. Mr. Myers
was the first man to tstablish a salmon
plant In Oregon.
Major William H. Bonsall of Los An
geles, a member of the board of man
agers of the soldiers* homes in the United
States, is in the city for a few days and !s
stopping at the Grand.
S. Williamson and A. Williamson are
back at the Lick again after an absence
of three months in Alaska. While there
they secured s-everal good claims, which
will be worked next year.
A. L. Quneau. W. C. Mendenhall and E.
B. Richardson, all connected with the
United States geological surveying de
partment, are stopping at the Occidental
on their way East/ after spending -some
time In making Government surveys in
Alaska.
A party of. fen prominent Japanese,
headed by T. . Hayami and J. Matsumoto
of Osaka, Japan, arrived In the city last
evening and took quarters at the Grand
INSURANCE AGAINST WAR
MAY SOON BE A REALITY
COSPER flND HIS DEFENSE.
YESTERDAY we published a report of the de
fense of himself made by E. T. Cosper against
the charges of The Call and of others who are
opposing his election to the office of Superior Judjje
in Kings County. That portion of his defense that
referred to The Call was reported thus: "He com
menced by giving his opinion of The Call and trying
to explain how it was that he voted for Burns for
United States Senator. He said that Bulla was his
man for Senator and he voted for him until Bulla
himself requested him to desist. After leaving Bulla
he went to Scott. At that time, Cosper declared, The
Call began to urge upon the Bulla and Scott men to
vote for The Call's candidate. At first it cajoled, then
it begged and finally The Call began to threaten and
tried to coerce the Representatives to vote for its
man. When he refused to support or have anything
to do with its candidate. Cosper declared. The Cali
threatened to ruin him. How well it was keeping its
word could be seen, he said, in an editorial recently
published by that paper, which was nothing more
than an article written for the purpose of revenge be
cause he refused to vote for The Call's man fo*-
United States Senator."
A defense of that character raises a question of ve
racity from which there can be no shrinking. The
Call denies every essential allegation in it.
Cosper is challenged to name any representative of
The Call who either urged, cajoled or begged him to
vote for "The Call's candidate" for the United States
Senate.
He is challenged -.0 name any supporter of Bulla
or of Scott who was urged by any representative of
The Call to vote for The Call's candidate..
He is challenged to name any member of the Senate
cr of the Assembly who was urged, or begged or even
asked by a representative of The Call to vote for The
Call's candidate.
He is challenged to name The Call's candidate.
He is challenged to give any proof or even seeming
proof to justify any one of his statements upon these
points.
The Bakersfield Echo recently stated that Cosper
voted for Bums "presumably" for the purpose of get
ting Governor Gage to sign a bill in which the peopl?
cf Kings County were interested. We challenge
Co«per to name the bill.
The "bill" is one «->f some pertinence to the issue
because it was reported about Sacramento by the
"push" of Burn? and Gage during the Senatorial con
test that Cosper would vote for Burns in considera
tion of an appointment as a member of the Code
Commission. Cosper did vote for Burns at the regu
lar session. He voted for Burns fourteen times.
After the Legislature adjourned, with the Senatorial
deadlock unbroken, the members of the Code Com
mission were appointed by Gage, but Cosper was not
among them. When the Legislature met in extra ses
sion Cosper did not vote for Burns any more.
Why did he change his mind during the time thai
intervened between the regular and the extra session?
Was it because the Code Commission was no longer
a plum tree to be shaken in the Senatorial fight, or
was it because something had happened to that un
named bill?
Co?per has himself raided the issue oi veracity in
this matter, and he must take the consequences of hi-;
action. A man who will lie on the stump in making
his canvass would not hesitate to be a liar on the
bench should he be elected. We do not like to have
a candidate for a judicial office confronted by an issue
which puts his veracity at stake, but Cosper has none
but himself to blame in the matter, and he must either
answer the questions we have challenged him to meet
or he must wear the self-inflicted brand of liar.
energies to make repairs on transports.
Metal-workers, carpenters, painters. In
fact almost even- .tradesman has been
benefited by good days' wages and steady
employment. . ,,
Our farmers have been enabled to dis
pose of their surplus horses from over
crowded ranges and to get food prices
for their other products. The cattle
men have had all that they could do to
supply the crowded ships with meat.
Frult-prowers and truck r-ardeners ha/e
been equally well employed.
It Is all stuff and nonsense about Im
perialism. I wish to .<ec more of the same
brand. This prosperity Kryan promise?,
if he 1? elected, to take away from us.
Apnln. I suppose that Bryan ¦would
have stood calmly by nnd tendered no
help to the nations in relieving Minister
Conger and other American men. women
and children In China. He would have
suffered the- massacre to po on and per
mitted the nations to succor and help our
sore-stricken countrvmen and women
without our co-operation.
I desire to pee new avenues of trade
opened which will trlve opnortunltiea to
our native- sons and 'lauchters to ko forth
and become home-builders in our new
possessions— and that cannot be done un-
SU»
San Francisco. Oct. 12. 1900.
GENERAL WALTER TURN
BULL. ANOTHER DEMO
CRATIC McKINLEY MAN.
DEMOCRACY flND THE TRUSTS.
HAVING found that the people were not to b;
deceived by tlfe cry against "imperialism"
Bryan and his followers a "short time ago under
took to shift the contest from that point and accord
ingly they began a vigorous attack against trusts.
The attack, however, did not last long. The Bryan
ites found the Republican position on that issue so
strongly guarded and their own record so weak that
they soon returned to their first tactics and raised
once more the cry that "imperialism is paramount."
The public is familiar with the story of the New
York ice trust, and is aware of Tammany's relation
to the trust and of Bryan's relation to Tammany.
That, however, is only one of a host of combinations
that bind Democracy to the trusts. Some Democrats
are, of course, sincerely opposed to such aggregations
of capital, but the leaders of the party are too clo«c!y
bound up with the magnates of the most unscrupulous
of trusts to make anything like an earnest fight agains;
them. In fact, the movement of Bryan to make an
anti-trust fight of the campaign was checked on the
publication by the Republican National Committee
of this plain statement:
"Every line of legislation now on the statute books
of the United States directed against trusts and un
lawful trade combinations was placed there by the
Republicans.
"That there is not more stringent law against them
is the fault of the Democratic party.
"The last occasion on which the parties, as repre
sented in Congress, went on record on the trust ques
tion was on June i, iooo.
"On that day a final vote was taken on a constitu
tional amendment to grant Congress power to "defin-*,
regulate, prohibit and dissolve trusts, monopolies and
combinations, whether existing in the form of corpo
rations or otherwise.
"It requires a two-thirds vote of Congress to submit
a constitutional amendment to the State Legislatures
for ratification.
"The question to so submit it was lost by a vote of
154 ayes to 132 noes.
"Of the ayes 149 were Republican and only five were
Democrats.
"Richardson. Lentz, Sulzer, Ruppert. Salmon and
nil the other professional "trust killers" voted no.
They declined to give Congress the power to grapple
with the trusts. The Democrats indulged in spasms
of virtue for two days, denouncing the trusts, and
then voted to continue them.
"In one of Mr. Bryan's recent speeches he gave the
Republican remedy as the final one he would adopt,
in case he was elected and all other means failed.
"In other words, Mr. Bryan admits the value of the
Republican idea, but wants to try other measures first.
He has not said what those measures are to be.
"Some trusts operate all over the country; others,
like the New York ice trust, operate in a single city.
The requisite power to reach each and all and bring
them within the Federal law was denied by a margin
of 36 votes, all Democratic.
"Denouncing is one thing. Doing is another. Mr.
Bryan's trust denunciations, in view of his party's
records, promise no better than the prophecies he
made four years ago; and as a prophet Mr. Bryan has
not succeeded."
In this connection it is worth while to note that not
only is the strongest supporter of Bryanism in the
East. Mr. Croker, a patron and a partner of trusts,
but Senator Jones, the chairman of his National Com
mittee and his foremost supporter in the South, is
also a patron and a partner of trusts, being a member
of the "Round Bale" trust that is now cinching the
cotton-growers. Thus the record of the representa
tives of the Democratic party in Congress and the
record of its leaders in the campaign are such as to
compel Bryan to crawl away from the trust issue. In
¦?. fight upon that question his armor would be full of
blow holes and his guns loaded with back-action cart
ridges.
DOCTRINES OF BRYAN MEET WITH
DISAPPROVAL OF GENERAL TURNBULL
Well-Known Democrat Will Therefore Cast
His Vote for McKinley and Roosevelt.
EDITOR San Francisco Call: I
will vote for McKinley and Roose
velt. Heretofore I have voted tha
Democratic ticket at all national
elections In which I have taken
part. While I am not a politician. I have
an interest in the Government as a plain
husiness man. It is true that I voted for
Bryan four years ago. That was against
my better Judgment, but I had voted for
George B. McClellan and for the other
Presidential candidates successively
nominated by the Democratic party an-1
I Have always been a Democrat. But I
cannot vote for Bryan again. He la not
my kind of a Democrat. Four years
ago, I think. Bryan was in earnest, cr
thought he was. in. his free silver 16-to-l
proposition. Eut now that issue h'aa vir
tually been turned down by h.m and the
cry of "imperialism" is brought to the
front. This Is a sham, pure and simple,
but he is working it for all it is worth.
Destiny has pointed the way and Presi
dent McKinley Is doing the best th;>t
can be done to add to the clory. honor
and prosperity of this land, without en
tangling us. in any way. with foreign na
tions: without doing anything tending to
subvert our present ideals of govern
ment. No one wishes us to surrender
the present republic. What .we have
dxine in Cuba and what will be done In
Porto Rico and the Phllipiilr.es has no
relation to real imperialism.
The United States has been placed in
the front rank of nations by the policy uf
the present administrat'on and we lead
the world in all things substantial by
reason of that policy. I do not think
that the American people ought to take
any chance of making a change of ad
ministration at this time. President Mc-
Kinley has sound business judgment and
diplomatic skill and knowledge.
It may be recollected that, during tho
Cleveland campaign of 18S4, I took part,
with ex-LJeutenant Governor James A.
Johnson, in the management of the old
Alta, which we bought and chanped from
a Republican to a Democratic paper. In
all his campaigns Cleveland had my sui»
port and he Is, In my opinion, with the
possible exception of William C. Whitney,
the strongest Democrat in the United
States to-day. It is surprising that the
Democrats have not been able to find any
lender other than Bryan in the past four
years. I do not approve of the doctrines
of Bryan and cannot vote for him on that
account.
See the impulse to trade in San Fran-
Cisco and other points on the Pacific
Coast during the last two years. Mil
lions of dollars have been spent among
tho working classes here in that time.
The wapes that have been paid to the
ship-builders at the Union and other
Iron works for repairs have been enor
mous In total amount. The electrical
workers have nut forth thpir utmost
OHIO STATE JOURNAL— The lower
house of the Kentucky Legislature hu.s
passed a law which differs from the Goe.
bel law mainly in doing the same th!n~
in a different way.
WASHINGTON TIMES— We shall ba
much mistaken if Field Marshal Count
von Waldersee do*>s not rind plenty ••.-'
military work to do before he eats h;-.
nest Christmas pudding.
ST. PAUL PIONEER PRESS— McK:v
ley is likely t© have as many votes In th>
electoral college- as in isr"">. whm h<- '•
271, and it would r.ot be at all surpris
ing if they mounted to 2SD.
BALTIMORE AMERICAN— Bryan has
unquestionably weakened his own cause h
his constant shifting of issues and by his
evident determination to hide his free sil
ver heresies behind his bugaboo of im
perialism.
INDIANAPOLIS JOURNAL— The rlif
forence between Mr. Bryan and Mr. D»-b: ;
Is that the former would abolish and pro
hibit all corporations, while the latter
would make them unlimited under Gov
ernment ownership.
PHILADELPHIA INQUIRER - What
we will do with the Philippines will h«
to elevate them, teach them. Crtng pros
perity and home rule to them. \\ c won't
abandon th««m to their fate — that i?. un
less Bryan is elected.
CHICAGO TIMES-HERALD— Mpint!m.>
the fusion between ' Providence and the
Republican party continues, and it la the
fusion which is having the greatest In
fluence with the people during this cam
paipn. They are content to let well
enough alone.
NEW HWEN PALLADIUM— Tn«
rewspaper press is the faithful friend of
the ministry and the churrh, and has
piven many a clergyman honorable f am"
and success who might have lingered lonsr
in obscurity except for its friendly and
disinterested aid.
PITTSBURG DISPATCH-The arpu
ment of experience durinp the past decai..
will appeal to Indiana as strongly as to
anv other State. It has known prostra
tion and has enjoyed the splendid revival
of the past four years. Its people have ln
telliserjee enouph to draw the moral.
CINCINNATI COMMERCIAL TRIT!-
T'NE— Prison llf<=» should, in certain fla
grant cases, at least, be varied by an ap
plication of the lash at regular intervals.
The reward fears not imprisonment, but
he do* 1 * fear the cut and the smart of
the whip administered *«>y a stout arm.
NEW YORK TIMES— To encourape th/»
resistance of the Filipinos means nothlr.s
but to retard the re-estnblishmer.t. or
rather the establishment, of peace and in
dustry in their country. To cast a voto
to fticoumpo them is to incur a serious
responsibility.
PHILADELPHIA NORTH AMERICAN
— A careful canvass of the sixty-one coun
ties of New York bv the North American
Indicates that MrKinley will carry th">
Stnte by from Wjm to GO .000 votes. No
such victory ; as 'hat of USA. when N»w
York gave a majority of 2W.463 fcr Mc-
Kinley. Is to be expected.
NEW YORK COMMERCIAL ADVER
TISER—But. as we have said repeatedly,
it Is of the utmost imoortance that Bryan
be rot only defeated but politically de
stroyed. McKtnlpy should not only be re
elected, but should have such an over
whelming popular ani electoral majority
that Bryan will never be heard of asain
as a candidate.
ST. LOUIS GLOBE-DEMOCRAT-An
officer of the American army in the
Philippines ?alfl the other clay that tho
re-election of President McKinley would
end the rebellion within two weeks after
the news of the result of the voting reach
ed Luzon. The truth of th!s prediction
has an excellent char.ee to bo revealed
within a few wreks.
CHICAGO JOURNAL- The election of
next month will be decided not upon ex
pansion or any other comparatively im
material Issue, but upon the one vital
question ct naVonal safety — of pooil
money or bad. The country will answer
Mr. Bryan then as it did four years as;o
on the same issue; only the answer will
be. more vociferous and convincing.
KANSAS CITY JOUKNAL-In 1S0O Bry
an prophesied that Americans under the
protective tariff and the gold standard
would be shut out of the markets of th*
¦world. In the last three years we havo
exported above Imports a pxeater amount
of products than we sent abroad durins
the previous 108 years, while the balance
of trade in our favor has exceeded $1,
600,000,000.
NEW YORK POST- A3 we enter th«
last month preceding the election, tho
number of men noted for singleness of
purpose. Independence of mind and
strength of character -who have declared
themselves against Mr. Bryan's election,
although opposed to Mr. McKinley*g poli
cy In the Philippines, is the most striking
feature of the campaign. We are not
referring to Republicans or to those of
Republican antecedents, but to the class
who may be called Independent Demo
crats, like Wheeler H. Peckham, John G.
Carlisle, George Hoadley. Francis Lynda
Stetson. George L. Rives, etc.
Views of the Press
on Topics of the
Times.
UP-TO-DATE
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
vid talk about consent of the governed is the shallow
est of hypocrisy.
Last spring Oregon voted on omnibus amendments
to the State constitution. They were on municipal in
debtedness, the judiciary, irrigation, repealing the
negro clause, and woman suffrage. They were all
voted down, as has been every amendment to Ore
gon's constitution when submitted to the people.
The negro clause, inoperate and obsolete, went with
the rest.
Yet Colonel Bryan finds himself entirely capable of
representing that old pro-slavery clause as operative
and vital and supported by the Republicans of Ore
gon as the Democrats of South Carolina support the
nullifying clauses of their constitution.
Colonel Bryan has taken his own measure. None
can make it smaller.
COLONEL BRYAN has begun to realize that all
his highflown talk about self-government is
made ridiculous by the fact that his Southern
supporters have deprived the negro of self-govern
ment, though to do so they have nullified the fifteenth
amendment to the Federal constitution. Nullification
is no new, thing with them. They tried it in 1832, and
compelled Jackson to threaten to hang Calhoun "as
high as Haitian, by the Eternal."
Bryan has been questioned frequently about this
new phase of nullification, which makes his profes
sions as hollow as the sounding brass and the tink
ling cymbal.
During his speech in the*Chicago University he was
asked. "How about North Carolina?" and answered,
"Oh. you have the race question in Ohio, here, and
in Xew York." . .
Out in Kansas he was again asked. "How about
North Carolina?" His answer was, "A Republican
Congress took the ballot away from the negroes of the
District of Columbia."
Again in Dakota to the same question he re
sponded: "Yoif ought to read the treaty with the
Sultan of Sulu, which recognizes slavery there."
Xow none of these answers was true. They were
evasive, and some of them were falsehoods. The race
question is in the North and South alike, and in the
same form. Its manifestation in both sections is in
denying to the negro the right of legal punishment
for crime, while admitting that right to the white
man for the same crimes.
In the South this phase of the race question is en
tirely distinct from denial to the negro, of his con
stitutional political rights. The fifteenth amendment
makes the negro a voter; it gives to his franchise
I exactly the same origin and protection as the white
ninn's franchise. But in North Carolina and through
out the South he is not permitted to vote at ' all.
Where lie is not excluded from the polls by the threat
of murder he is denied the ballot by State law. either
fundamental or statute. As for the District of Colum
bia, it was given a Territorial form of government by
Congress. General Chipman. now of California, was
its first and only delegate in Congress. All men in
the District, of legal age and qualification, voted,
white and black. The constitution gives Congress
supreme control of the District. This experiment of
abdicating that control to a Territorial government
did not prove beneficial, and the act was repealed.
That repeal took the ballot from white and black
alike. It treated the two races with absolute equal
ity. Therefore Colonel Bryan, by these two answers,
did not answer the question. He not only evaded it.
but he told an untruth in his evasion.
As for the Sulu treaty, it is not a treaty in a con
stitutional sense. It is an agreement made between
the Sultan and his Datos on one side and Gene r a!
Bates on the other. No matflcr what its terms, it
does not take from any one rights given to him by
the constitution in the same sense as that instrument
gives the franchise to the Southern negro. Further,
Colonel Bryan knows that when that agreement was
submitted to President McKinley he wrote upon it
his refusal to ratify, for the United States, that part
referring to polygamy and slavery.
These three answers by Colonel Bryan, wholly
evasive and partly flat falsehood, did not close the is
sue. He knew this well or he would have adhered
to the first answer as sufficient, if the question were
risked him again. That he in turn dropped each an
swer for a new one proves his knowledge that each
was false and insufficient.
During his Indiana tour he was asked the question
a fourth time. While speaking at Marion a listcnei
to his talk on self-government asked again: "How ,
about North Carolina?" Recognizing the insuffi
ciency of cither of his former answers, and their
insufficiency even when combined, he took an entirely
new tack. He responded: "My friend, I am glad
you asked me that. Now I am going to assume that
that Republican who asked me the question is an hon
est man. I am going to ask him about the consti
tution of the Republican State of Oregon. I will read
a provision of that constitution. It says: 'Section
35 — No free negro or mulatto, not residing in this
State at the time of the adoption of this constitution,
shall come to reside or be within this State, hold any
real estate or make any contracts, or maintain any
such therein, and the Legislative Assembly shall pro
vide by penal laws for the removal of all such ne
groes by public officers, and for their effectual exclu
sion from the State, and for the punishment of per
sons who shall bring them into the State, or employ
or harbor them.' That was adopted before the Civil
War. It makes it unlawful for a free negro to go
into the State, and it authorizes the officers to put
him out. But. you say, that is old. Let me remind
you that last June a:i effort was made to repeal that
portion of the constitution, and the effort to repeal
was defeated, although the State went iu.000 Repub
lican."
This is a full revelation of Colonel Bryan's dishon
esty and untruthfulness. The Oregon constitution
was made when the State was Democratic. It re
flected the pro-slavery sentiments of Lane, Nesmith
and Delazan Smith, who dominated the politics of
that State. It was similar to constitutional and code
provisions of many of the Northern States in the
slavery period. Iowa had her "black code." A simi
lar code in Illinois was framed by John A.- Logan.
The constitution of Indiana was almost exactly the
same as that of Oregon in its exclusion of free ne
groes.
But Mr. Bryan knows perfectly well that the four
teenth and fifteenth amendments to the Federal con
stitution completely i.ullincd ?.ll such provisions in
the codes and constitutions of the States. They fell
dead at the feet of the Federal constitution, and were
as blank as if the page on which they were inscribed
were so much white paper. They all went glimmering
with the Dred Scott decision of the Supreme Court,
which did not have # to be reversed, for it was de
stroyed by the Federal constitution. Such provisions I
did not have to be repealed by the States. They we-e
void. Indiana did not take them out of her consti
tution until 1881. The "black codes" of Iowa and Il
linois were, we believe, never repealed. Indeed they
could not be repealed, for repeal implies" that a statute
is in force and can be devitalized only by re
peal. They were simply omitted from subsequent
codification of the State laws. Yet Colonel Bryan
wished, his ignorant supporters to understand, and
they did understand, that this constitutional exclu
sion of negroes from Oregon is in force, that they are
forbidden entry to that State by penal statutes and
that the Republicans of Oregon refused to repeal the
living constitutional provision which he quoted!
This is capable of but one characterization. The
statement is a lie, and he knew it to be a lie. We re
gret that this must be said of a Presidential candidate
of any party, but Colonel Bryan's conduct in the mai
ter admits of no other characterization.
These four evasions of an answer on the North
Carolina nullification prove that he has no answer.
They prove that denial of self-government in the
South is incapable of defense and that Bryan's fer-
BRY0N DODGING.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1900,
In the investigation of Oakland water rates in
quisitive lawyers are trying to force the Councilmen
of the city to tell their most secret thoughts in con
nection with the matter. It seems to be a generally
accepted principle of American law that no man can
be compelled to criminate himself.
The Government of Honduras insists that $>ooo is
croughlto pay for a murdered American, while Uncle
Sam demands $10,000. It is about time that the south
ern republics discovered that the time has passed
v.hen there was a rebate on the cost of taking Ameri
can lives. >
6
Cal. grlace fruit 50c per 1b at Tonmsend's.*
Best eyeglasses and specs 20 to 40c. Loolc
out 81 Fourth, front barber and grocery. •
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by th»
Press Clippinsr Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery st. Telephone Main 104i •
Th« best Hrer medicine. A vegetable cur* for
liver Ills, biliousness. Indigestion, constipation.*
Dr. Sanford's Itlrer Invigoratar.
Nothing bo refreshing a« a half wine-glass of
DR. SIEGERTS Angostura Bitters before
meals, the South American arpetlzer. Rewarj
of imitation.
If there Is any truth Id the axiom. "The
better the day the better the deed." then
all real estate transfers should be made
on Sunday.
TUESDAY OCTOBER 16, 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor. ,
Address ATI Communications to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
MAV4GKR*S OFFICE Telephone Pre«» 1IO4
ITBLICATION OFFICK... Market nnd Third, S. F.
Telephone l'rcs» HOI.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone I'res* 2O2.
Delivered I»>- furrier-. 15 Cent* Per Weelc
MnKle Copte*. 5 Cent«.
Term* by 'Inll. Inelndlnsr I»ostnRe:
PAn.T CALL <ir!cludiriR Sunday), one year JS.f'P
PAILY CALL (Inrludlns: Sunday). 6 months 3.00
T>AfLT CALL (inclu.lln* Sund;iy1. 3 months 1.68
PATLT CALL— ry Plnple Month K*
FT'NDAY CALL. One Year IM
WFEKLY CALL. On- Year 100
All pa*tme*tern nre nntliorlir.l to receive
nnboerlptlonN.
Fur.ple copies will be (Vtw -arded when requested.
Mall sjbf=criber!< !n nrdfrlr.R ofcarjrp of address should fr°
particular to e'v* br^h MEW AND OLD ADPRE?S ln ord<r
to Inrup* a rroir.pt and <-orrect rorr.plianoe with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICK II IS llrn«dway
GKOHGE C. KKOOVESS.
Manager Foreign Advertsmg. Marquette Euild'rjr. Chicago.
(Lcrg T>!rtance Telephone "Central 2619.")
NTTW TOHK CORRKPPONnKN'T:
C. C CARI/TOX Ilernld Siinare
NXTVT YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STErHEX B. SMITH 3O Trlbnne DalldlnR
XEW YORK NFTVVS STANDS:
Tfaiaorf-Aftorla Hotel; A. Hrentano, SI Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel.
CHTCAGO ?CK\TO STANDS:
Ffcerraan House: P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont Hot^e; Auditorium Hotel.
WASniXGTOTf O>. C> OFF1CR I4CX1 G St.. >'. \V.
MOKTOX E. CHAXI3, Correspondent.
DRO'CB OFFICES — BS7 Montgomery, corner of Cay, open
ur.tll 9:39 o'clock. KM Hayes, open until S:35 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open ur.tll 9:80 o'clock. 615 Larfcin. open until
*-S8 o'clock. IM1 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. n e ,\ Market,
comer Sixteenth. op«-n until 3 o'clock. K*6 Valencia, open
until t o'clock. 1C6 Eleventh, open until S o'clock. XW. cor-
rvrr Twrty-8e>-^r;d anA, Kentucky, cpen until 9 o'clock.
AMTJSEMENTS.
Co!u:r.Ma^-* 4 Qu'> Vadls."
Alhatr.hra— '•Th<!> Man From Mexico. ** 1 ' '
California — "A Hindoo Hoodoo.'"
Orxh^tim — Vaudeville.
Grati'l-oppra Hou?e— "The Enslen.**
Alcazar— "The Corslcan Brothers."
Tivcli — "Carmen."
Olympla. corner Mason nnd Kddy atr^gt*— Epeelaltle».
Chutee, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every aTternoon and
ererlic.
Fis<-h<<r'*— Vaudeville.
Fafcbri'e Theater — Vaudeville.
Futro Baths — Oi>*n nichta.GRANT "WAS SITED.
It Was When He Was an Army Cap-
tain Stationed at Vancouver, Or.
The Washington County archives con
tain a partial history of a case wherein
suit was brought against a nan who aft
erward became President of the United
States. The case was fi!ed years ago.
when Oregon was yet a Territory and
when the defendant was an ofacer at
Vancouver barracks, then known as Co
lumbia barracks.
This was away back in 1S54. when nearly
all the supplies for the Vancouver post
were purchased at San Francisco and
when no transcontinental roads or tele
graph lines bound the West to civiliza
tion: when no telegram of to-morrow
could tell the department at Washington
that an officer of the United State* army
¦was to-day derelict In his duty. The de
tails of the story which led up to the case
cannot be learned, but the trouble grew
out of a draft on Captain U. S. Grant,
who bore the rank of captain ar.d assist
ant quartermaster. The draft was for
Jl^.H), and was signed by a lieutenant at
San Francisco, and reads as follows:
$1200.
San Francisco. July 30. 1S33.— At three
days' sight, please pay to Adams & Co..
cr crder. twelve hundred dollars, and
charge the same to my account.— Georgo
H. Derby. Lieutenant Corps Engineers.
To Captain 17. S. Gran:. A. A. Q. M., Co
lumbia Barracks, Oregon.
The draft waa accepted by Grant on the
12th day of August, 1S53. and a year later
It had not been paid. Adams & Co..
through their agent. Justin Steinburger.
then commenced suit against him in th3
District Court. They filed a bond in a
sum equal to the face of the dra^, and,
being unable to get a summons served on
the defendant owing to his being a resi
dent of another territory, the case went
by default and a Judgment was granted.
Richard E. Wiley was then the Sheriff
of Washington County, ar.d he watched
his opportunity to catch the young cap
tain on the Oregon side. After several
trips, he happened to be in Portland on©
day when Captain Grant came in on a
boat, bringing with him his horse. Sheriff
Wiley attached the animal as soon as the
captain landed. As soon as Grant recov
ered from his surprise, he asked Wiley
to go with him to Adams* & Co.'a agent,
where he thought he could arrange things
satisfactorily. Arriving. Grant paid a
part of the Judgment in cash and gave
r.is note for the balance, thus securinc
his release. The ease was overlooked by
the papers of that day, and has- never
before been made public.
Richard Everett Wiley, the Sheriff
who served the process, was a pioneer of
1845. emigrating from OJiin. ITpon arriv
ing in Oregon he set up the plant cf tho
Oregon Pioneer, purchased by J. S
Griffln. this being the first new3papei
plant brought to the Territory. The pa
per was published by Father Griffln at
his farm, two miles from where Hills
boro now stands. As Sheriff of the Tu
alatin district. In the late '+¦*. Wllry ha<l
dominion over what in part now com
prises Clatsop. Columbia. Yamhill. Mult
nomah. Tillamook and Clackamas cour<
tles. In 1S53 Mr. Wiley married Miss M.
J. Baldra. who was one of the first white
women born In Oregon. She still sur
vives, and resides at Newberg— Mr3.
Wlley-Edwarda. Sheriff Wiley died May
27 1S30.— Portland Oregonlan.
J. E. Taylor was sentenced yesterday by
United States District Judge de Haven to
pay a fine of $100, he having pleaded
guilty of having unlawfully used tho
malls by sending Mexican lottery circu
lars through them. As there was no alter
native Taylor made the affidavit of a
pauper and was allowed to go.
Taylor Escaped Easily.
A -musical and literary entertainment
will be given under the auspices of four
young ladles— Misses M. Giorgiani. M.
Carrick, D. Merle and E. Sresovich— at
Golden Gate Hall to-morrow evening, in
aid of the Galveston sufferers. Among
the many who have volunteered their
services are William Hynes. David Man
lloyd Jones. S. J. Sandy. Dr. Maude Noble.
Miss F. Conner. E. Crow, Miss Sherin
Murphy and students of Notre Dame
College.
For th.3 Galveston Fund.
The San Francisco State Normal School
announces that the course of lectures by
Professor W. J. V. Osterhout, "Problem
of the Plant," which have been given at
the Mark Hopkins Institute of Art on
Tuesday afternoons at 4 o'clock, will here
after be continued at the State N/ormal
School at the same hour, commencing
this afternoon. Henry Weinstock will
deliver the second lecture of his course
at the State Normal School to-morrow af
ternoon. His topic will be "American
Youth and Its Irreverence."
Normal School Lectures.
3. The floor of a room is twice as long
as it Is wide. The distance around th?
room is 72 feet. Find the area in square
feet.
Note— Divide the room Into two equal parts,
then flrd the area of each part.
4. Find the cost of joveiingr a rectangle
27 Inches by IS inches with gold leaf at
7% cent? a square Inch.
5.' Find the cost of a piece of canvas 27
feet long by IS inches wide at 25 cents .n
square yard.
5. A garden plat is 12 rods long by IS
yards wide. Find the cost of sodding 1 It
at 12Va cents a square yard.
Note — There are 16i» feet In a rod.
7. A rectangular school yard is 15 rods
by 12 rods. It is surrounded by a tight
board fence 9 feet-high. Find the cost of
painting the fence, both aides, at 4^
cents a square yard.
S. A street half a mile long- is to be
paved with asphalt. The asphalt is to
reach from curb to curb, a distance of &>
feet. Find the expense of paving at $2 10
per square yard.
Note — There are 33) rods In a mile. •
9. A vegetable garden 100 yards square
has walks 1^4 feet wide running through
it. as shown in the diagram. The
.j. _*
2. Find the area In square Inches of a
:lle floor 7 feet 6 inches long by 6 feet
i inches -wide.
Note — There are 144 square Inches In a square
foot.
1. Find the area In square yards of a
rectangular exhibition room 210 feet Ion,?
by S6 feet wide.
Xote — There are 9 square feet In a square
yard.
Exercises.
Suppose now that the rectansrle ABC
D Is 5 feet long and 3 feet wide, and W3
desire to know how many square feet It
contains. Divide It Into square feet, as
shovm in the figure: tr.ere are 5 one way
and 3 the other way. Now count thi
squares and we find that there are 15, or
a number equal to the Itneth (5 feet) mul
tiplied by the breadth (3 feet). Then to
find the area of a rectangle w© simply
multiply the lenscth by the breadth.
If we know the area of a rectangle and
the length of one of the sides, we can find
the length of the other side by dlvidixs?
the area by the length already known.
COAST MA5JTTFACTTJREBS
AND JOBBERS MEET TO-DAY
Officers Will Be Elected and Matters
of Importance to Organization
Discussed.
The annual meeting of the Pacific Coast
Manufacturers' and Producers' Associa
tion %viil be held this afternoon at the
rooms of the i?an Francisco Board of
Trade Officer? for the year will be
elected and annual reports will be re
ceived. The rnott important matter to
come before the organization Is that con
cerning the proceedings before the Inter
state Commerce Commissioner?, in which
the St. Louis jobbers were the plaintiffs
and the jobbers a_nd manufacturers of the
Pacific Coast the actual but not nominal
defendants. All the testimony in that
somewhat famous suit has been taken
with the exception of some rebuttal testi
mony in favor of the contention of the
Middle West jobbers.
The case i? so nearly closed that Attor
ney Pilifibury has planned to go to Wash
ington to make his argument for the Pa-
Mrs. Clark was closely veiled and ap
peared to be laboring under strong excite
ment as she stood before the clerk's
desk. After she left the courtroom she
said that she understood her husband In
tended concentrating all his efforts on
securing the custody of their two children
and would not prosecute her.
An operation was to be performed upon
Clark at the Waldeck Hospital yesterday,
and when the case is again called his con
dition will be definitely known.
Mrs. Grace Clark appeared before Judge
Mogan yesterday morning on the charge
of assault to murder and was instructed
as to her rights. She was represented by
Attorney W. M. Cannon, who objected to
the Instruction for the reason that there
would be no prosecution. He said that
the woman's husband had forgiven the
act and it was unnecessary for any action
to be taken. The case was continued till
the 22d lnst.
but It Is Said There "Will Be
No Prosecution.
She Is Instractsd by Judge Mogan,
MUS. CLARK APPEARS
IN POLICE COURT
The figure A B C D Is a rectangle; the
surface of the ceiling or of the floor of a
room or any of the walls may be a
rectangle: the surface of a strip of car
pet or of a field or of a paved court may
be a rectangle. The rectangle Is the most
common of all surface measurements.
Parker were quietly married yesterday
afternoon at 3 o'clock in Trinity Church.
Rev. F. W. Clampett performed the
ceremony. Only the immediate relatives
and a few Intimate friends of the con
tracting parties were present. The bride
was unattended. Charles K. Knight,
brother of the groom, acted as best man.
The bride looked extremely pretty In an
elegant blue cloth traveling gown.
Mr. and Mrs. Knight left on the after
noon train for San Jose, where they will
spend their honeymoon. On the 31st they
sail on the Alameda for their future home
in Honolulu.
Only Relatives Attend the
Quizt Afternoon Ceremony
at Trinity Church.
Frederick S. Knight and Mrs. Elizabeth
FRED S. KNIGHT
WEDS MRS. PARKER
The will of the late Emll B. Rosenbaum
will not bo contested nor will his estate
be dragged through the probate court to
the music of an opposition more or less
bitter from his near relatives. It was at
first believed that this decision was due
to the fact that the brother, A. M. Rosen
baum, was willing to let bygones be by
gones and the wishes of his dead brother
stand, but last night he denied any
knowledge of the matter, leaving the in
ference either that his attorney, Sidney
Ehrman. acted without his consent, or
that the concession had been wrung from
him much to his own dissatisfaction.
Since the will of Emlle B. Rosenbaum
was filed there has been a contest follow
ing It, but the only active contestant has
teen Alfred M. Rosenbaumn of this city.
The two other brothers, Charles and Sam.
are in Europe and the two sisters, Mrs.
Isaac and Mrs. Slg Strassberg. have never
supported the proceeding, so Alfred
Rosenbaum was left to make the fight
practically alone. There was no hint of
compromise or dismissal and both sides
were preparing for the trial of the con
test, which was sent for to-day, when Mr.
Lhrman called upon Vogelsang & Brown,
attorneys for Mrs. Sarah Hosenbaum,
widow of deceased, to whom all his estate
was left, and announced that the contest
would be dismissed. No reason was given,
the only explanation being that Mr.
Rosenbaum wished to dismiss his contest,
and the dismissal was filed In the after
noon.
Various reasons for the sudden change
of tront on the part of the contestant
have been advanced by those interested in
the case, but no one is willing to s»y ho
knows Just what the matter is. It is
probable, however, that business interests
compelled the action. The brothers were
In a partnership and upon the death of
Emile it became necessary to settle up
the partnership. Should the contest be
carried on It would only delay the mat
ter, and should the contest prove success
ful the settlement would have to be made
anyway. And if it proved unsuccessful
the dltficultles of a settlement would be
come further complicated. It is probably
that reason therefore that has forced the
dismissal.
The contest was never very popular
anyway, and the difficulty of proving that
"Ducksie" Rosenbaum was of unsound
mind at the time of his death became
more apparent as the time for the trial
drew near. The dead brother left his wife
about J300.000, and each of the living
brothers and sisters had much more than
that to live upon. To break the will
meant little to them and much .to the
widow. So the contest has been dis
missed and the estate will be quietly put
through probate and distributed as
"Ducksie" Rosenbaum directed.
Opposition to the Probating
of Document Suddenly
Withdrawn.
ROSENBAUM WILL
CONTEST DROPPED
For instance, each of the angles A. B.
C and D Is a right angle.
A rectangle is a four-sided figure- con
taining four right angles; that is, It Is a
figure whose opposite sides are cquat and
whose angles are right angles.
a) 10: fD 4: <3> 7: M) 10; (a) 3: fS) «:
<7» 6: (S) 1; 0> Z; <10> 9; (11) 9; (12> 23. 66:
(13) 21, 14: (14) 5. 30; (15 > 13 apples, m
apples; (16) 24; (17> 8; (IS) 23: (ID) Rj
Inches; (20) C has J2S. B $34. A J158: (21>
13, 18: (22) 17, 71: C22> 13, 33; (24) IT, 31;
125) 13, 2L
Answers.
25. Two numbers differ by 8. and four
times the less exceeds twice the greater
by 10. What are the numbers?
22. The difference of two numbers Is 51
and their sum. 13 83. What are the num
bers?
23. Find two numbers such that their
sum is 51 and their difference is 15.
24. "What two numbers are those whoso
difference is 14 and whose sum is 4S?
20. Divide J2S0 amorp A, B and C so
that A may have twice as much a3 B
and B three times as much as C.
21. Find two numbers whose sum is 31
and whose difference Is 5.
19. A nsh is 13 Inches long: Its head U
equal in length to the tail and Its body
ls five times the length of the head ar.d
tail together. What is the length of the
head?
IS. If I add 45 to a certain number th<>
result will be three times as large as
the original number. What is the orig
inal number?
13. Divide 73 apples between two boys
so that for every apple one boy receives
the other may £et four.
16. What number added to twice ttself
makes 72?
17. Find a number such that when 12 \s
added to its double the sum will be 2S.
12. The sum of two numbers Is ?9 and
their difference Is 43; find the numbers.^
Xo^le^— It x »<iual3 one of the number. S3 — X
equals the other.
13. The sum of two numbers is 33 and
three times th<- smaller one is double the
greater; rind the number?.
14. Divide the number 35 Into two parts
so that the greater shall he six times
the smaller.
11. Three times a number added to
seven times tiie number equals 90; find
the number.
x — S
The rtudent will now proceed to solve
the following exercises:
1. 3x 4- 7x = 100.
2. 4x — 2x -r 7x == 35.
X 9x -r- 2x — ix — 43.
4. Zx -r 6x — x = 70.
5. 12x -r V)x — Zx = 57.
6. 6x -r Zx -9x = 10S.
7. 17 — x — 2x — 1.
S. 7x -+- 9 = 4x — 12.
9. 2x -r 6 = x -i- 11.
l't. 26 — 8x = SO — 14x.
Find the unknown number.
Us - 7x = 20
Subtract 7 from 12 and we have
ox = iO
x = 4
3. "What number added to twice 14 equate
5*)?
Let x equal the number, then
x — :& = 5>
x = 5<i — 3
x — 22
Note— In transferring a number from om
sMe of an equation to 'another always change
the sign; if it i.* a plus change to & minus
and it a. minus change" to a plus. The reason
for th!s is readily seen in the above illustra
tion, wher? Zi Is taker, from one side cf tSe
equation to the ether.
4. Five times a certain number added to
six times the number equals i5; find the
number.
Let x equal the unknown number, then
5x — 6 — i"»
11 x s= 5T.
therefore x = 4
2. If . lZx — 4x — Zx — 20, find the vaiue
Cf X.
Add and we have 9x = 3S
1. If 2x -f Zx -r ix = 26, find the value
cf x.
Illustrative Exerci3e.
3x -r 7x = 40
Add these and we have
lOx = 40
That if. U times 4 tquals 40.
fnr the reason that a k-ow>dp» of s!mrl^ «ra*
tlcns wii; b* necessary In snm? of the lessons
In mechanic* am! In electrical measurement*.
Atv cn» who can Ha elementary arithmetic
should be able to 3->lvs «!mpie sroblema by
-nui'tlona.
An equation is a statement that two
numerical expressions are equal; thus
b x 4 — 24 is an equation. Now. if 4 ia
represented by x ami the multiplication.
siKn is omitted we have Cx = 24, the usual
algebraical method of writing equations.
Note the following illustration:
»3 X 4) — »7 X 4> = 4a
Let x stand for 4 and remove tne multt
i plication signs and we have
NIGHT SCHOOL COURSE.
These lessons will differ largely. Som?
of them are Intended for beginners,
others are for more advanced students.
Each lesson will be complete in itself and
students may select from th* course Um
work in which they ure individually in
terested. There will te lessons in arith
metic. alpebra# ; mechanics, drawing, elec
trical measurements, business, composi
tion and a great many other immediately
practical subjects.
ANGLES.
1. HOW TO MEASURE RECT-
When one straight line crosses anothe
so as to form four equal angles, each o
these angles is called a right anple.
NIGHT SCHOOL: HOW TO DO THINGS.
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
Four bunko men — R. G. Evans,
alias "Chippy"; Frank Lester. F.
M. Morgan and "Little Nels" John
son—were arrested yesterday morn
ing in a doorway at Taylor and
Eddy streets by Detectives Ryan
and Crockett and locked up in the
tanks. They are suspected of hav
ing bunkoed two strangers. Octo
ber 4 William R. Mann of Bakers
field was taken to McGlynn's sa
loon. Mason and Eddy streets, and
Induced to part with $10 and a
check for $50. Payment of the
check was stopped. A few days
later John Kramer of Angels
Camp was taken to a room at 423
Eddy street and was relieved of
$47 50. Mann and Kramer had a
look at the four men at the prison
yesterday afternoon, but could not
positively Identify them.
Evans was taken to, San Rafael
In the afternoon, where he . 13
wanted on a charge of gcand lar
ceny. The complaining witness
against him is Joe Escallier. a
saloon-keeper at Ross station. It
is alleged that on the night of
August 16 Evans and two other
men called at the saloon and
bunkoed Escallier out of J1S0. Ed
ward Williams, another bunko man,
was arrested on the same charge,
but the case was dismissed. Evans
alkges that he gave *45 to an offi
cial in San Rafael to "sqvare" the
case.
Lester, Morgan and Johnson ¦will
be kept In the tanks and shown
the officers of the different watches.
They will probably be released if
they promise to leava the city.
BUNEO MEN WILL
BE EXHIBITED AT
THE CITY PRISON
Representatives of the Sutter-street
road called on the Attorney General yes
terday and handed over a check for the
sum named. The legal tender was imme
diately sent to the Treasurer and will be
added to the State's bank account.
An appeal was taken to the Supreme
Court and the case was argued at iensth
and submitted. The court handed down
an opinion affirming the trial Judge's de
cision. It then devolved upon the railroad
company to pay its fine, but when General
Warfleld demanded Interest on the sum
It was denied him. Counsel for the cor
poration took an appeal and the Supreme
court decided that the tine was in the na
ture of a criminal one and was not a
juderment that bears Interest.
The sum was not paid without a strug
gle. For the past year the cn.se had been
in the lower and Supreme courts and the
best legal talent was employed on both
sides. The railroad was punished through
the efforts of General Warfleld of the
California Hotel. He tired of seeing the
unused tracks of the Gutter-street rail
road on bush street and asked leave of
the Attorney General to bring quo war
ranto proceedings against the road in the
name of the State. Permission being
granted a suit was riled and the Attorney
General and Messrs. Freeman and Bates
appeared In behalf of General Warfield.
Napthaly, Freidenrich & Ackerman de
fended the railroad corporation. The lower
court found that the Sutter-street railroad
had been guilty of usurping the franchise
and imposed a lire of $5(XH) on the corpora
tion.
Attorney General Tirey L. Ford yester
day turned over to the State Treasurer
the sum of $5000, which was paid into his
office by the Sutter-street Railroad Com
pany in settlement of a line Imposed by
the Superior Court for usurping a fran
chise.
Attorney General Tirey L. Tord Re
ceives the Sum and Turns It
Over to the State
Treasurer.
Usurps Bush-Street Fran
chise and Is Forced to
• Pay $5000.
SUTTER-STREET
RAILROAD PAYS
A HEAVY FINE
TIRET I*. FORD. Attorney General.
I have not considered the legal effect of a
noncompllance with the provisions of section
2 of the act of 1SS3 above referred to. and ex
pres»ly withhold the expression of any opinion
thereon. Very truly yours,
Nor does there appear to be any necessity
for th« printing in full upon the ballots of
proposed constitutional amendment*. Under
the provisions of section 1194. Political Code, a
copy of every proposed amendment Is mailed
to each voter at least ten days before election
thus irlvlng to such voter full and complete
Information in respect to such amendments.
When he comes to vote, nowever. the require
ments of the law would Sfem to be satisfied
with any reasonable method whereby such
amendments could be appropriately Identified
and distinguished, "by number or otherwise,"
so that "each can be voted on separately" in
the manner set forth in section IMS of the
Political Code.
The view here expressed is also in harmony
with that portion of the constitutional pro
vision last above referred to reading ns fol
lows: "Should more amendments than one be
submitted at the same election they shall be
so prepared and distinguished by numbers or
otherwise, that each can be voted on «>ep
arately."
"But it does not follow from this that the
language of the Instrument must be under
stood literally. The fame rules of construc
tion must be applied, to ascertain what its
requirements are, as though It were not man
datory and prohibitory. And we think, when
an act commanded or authorized may be done
in different ways, either of which 'would be
strfct compliance with the terms of the in
strument understood In some common and
popular sense, either mode may be pursued,
unless come reason Is discoverable for holding
that one of such modes only will answer.
If. for Instance, the direction to enter the
amendment in the Journal Is compiled with, in
some usual and popular sense of the language,
either by copying the amendment into the
Journal or by placlne upon the Journal an
identifying reference only, either will do un
less the context shows a different intention."
This view Is strengthened by the language
of the Supreme Court of. this State In Oak
land Paving Company v$. Tompktns. 72 Cal..
&, in discussing the proper construction to be
placed upon the words "shall be enteied" in
section 1 of article XVIII of our State con
stitution. Says the court:
Keeping this rule in view we note that the
word "printed." a.« used in section 1197. was
not new to the amendment of 1.S99, and that
It was clearly the purpose of the Leglslatuift,
by that amendment, to do no more than to
add "constitutional amendments" to the "ques
tions" that were to be answered by "Yes" or
"No." But this would not necessarily imply
the "printing" of such amendments in fuil.
Rather would it imply a printed Interrogatory
which could be answered by "Yes" or "No, '
according- as the voter desired to vote for or
ajrainst the proposed amendment. The word
"print." according to the lexicographers, may
mean "to record." "to describe." "to charac
terize," etc.. and such must have been the
fens* In which it was employed by the Legis
lature In section 1197 of the Political Code.
The same Legislature that amended section
1197 of the Political Code so that it should in
clude the printing of proposed constitutional
amendments upon the ballot proposed seven
constitutional amendments. the printing of
which In full upon the ballots is practically
impossible and certainly Imi-osslble without tht
welling of the ballot to absurd and imprac-
Jcable proportions. It is scarcely conceivable
that the LeglMature could have intended any
»uch results, and. under well known rules of
statutory construction we axe not at llbert>
to *o construe a statute as to render It im
practicable or absurd where It may be reason
ably construed alnn& rational lines.
In my opinion the act of 1SS3 (except as
modified by subsequent legislation) is still in
fore*, though People vs. Curry has left this
somewhat In doubt, but, inasmuch as you
state that its provisions have not t*»en fol
lowed we will omit it from our considerations.
\ou then ask if. under the provisions of that
section, proposed constitutional amendments
must be printed in full upon the ballot.
You also refer to the act of 1SS3 (Statutes.
1S83. p. 53). which provides that "each amend
ment must be voted upon separately from the
others, In the manner and form designated
by the Governor," and which would seem lo
oc a complete unsw^r to your infjulrv.
You further say. however: "Aisumln/c the
act of 1SS3 to be in force, the Governor in hU
proclamation has not indicated, as heretofore,
any abbreviated form in which the same shall
be printed upon the ticket, ro that, assuming
he had such a right, he has not exercised it."
In your communication of October 6, 1300,
you quote from section 1197, Political Code, as
follows: "Whenever any question or consti
tutional amendment is to be submitted to the
vote of the people there shall be printed an
other column or columns, with \oting squares,
at the risht of the last or blank column in
which such question or constitutional amend
ment shall be printed, and opposite such ques
tion or constitutional amendment to be voted
on. In separate lines, the words 'Yes' or "No"
*hall be printed."
In 1SS3 the Legislature passed an act
referred to In his opinion, the first sec
tion ot which provides for the publication
of constitutional amendments in the news
papers. Ihis section also provides that
tach amendment shall be voted on sep
arately in the- mariner and form set forth
, b: !L tne Governor in his proclamation. In
1>99. nowever, the Legislature changed the
method of publishing constitutional
amendments. To obviate publishing them
in the newspapers it was directed that
copies be printed in the State Printing
Otnce and mailed by the Secretary of
State to the various County Clerks and
by them sent to the individual voters of
their resjr ctive counties. The Legisla
ture tried to repeal the old act of 1SS3. but
did not succeed, and it is still in force.
The Governor did not designate any
manner or form in which the constitu
tional amendments should be printed on
the baJlots. so that manv County Clerks
were left In doubt as to how they should
be printed. The following opinion in an
swer to a query put to the Attorney Gen
eral by District Attorney Rives points out
the true course:
An opinion which will be of great Inter
est to the County Clerks and voters of
this State wtis forwarded yesterday by
Attorney General Tirey L. Ford to James
c. Rives. District Attorney of Los An
geles County. It is in relation to the con
stitutional amendments which are to be
voted on at the coming election and en
lightens the county officials as to their
duty in printing the same on the ballots.
Attorney General Writes an
Opinion Pointing Out
Proper Course.
COUNTY CLERKS
ENLIGHTENED AS
TO AMENDMENTS
The famous Deutschland cost $3,332,000: dis
placement 23.2C0 tons: accommodation 1CC7 pas
»er;ers: crew 5:5. It has established a sew
record for ocean steamers. Among th« rreat
remedies of the world Hostetter'a Stomach
Bitters holds the record with Its fifty yean of
cures of coostisatlon. Indigestion and bilious
ness. It sets at the root of the dlseaM and
effects a cure. The genuine has our Privats
P.evenuo 8taz3? over the neck of th» fcottl*.*
New Ocean Greyhound.
Note— This lesson la given early la the course
(1) 2240 square yards. (2) 6S4O square
inches. (3) 2SS square feet. (4) $36 45. (5>
SIS ML (8) $143 50. (7) $S3 10. (S) $40,658. (9)
$315. (10) 64 acres. (11) $777,600. (12) $440 45.
XL HOW TO DO SIMPLE EQUA
TIONS.
two walks running down through the
center are 4S feet apart. Find the cost of
asphalt paving these walks at $2 per
square yard.
10. A field is 160 rods long by 64 rods
wide. How many acres does It contain?
Note— There »r* 160 square rods in an acre.
11. A piece of timber land Is 30 miles
Jong by 4% miles wide. What Is It worth
at $9 an acre?
Note — There are 640 acres In a square mile.
12. What will it cost to paint the walls
and ceiling of a hall 64 feet long. 21 feet
wide and 18 feet high at 90 cents a square
yard?
Answers.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAJL/L, TTJESDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1900.'
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
7
ADVERTISEMENTS.
iN^ir Variety of
/j^M>. the latest ;
\%^ Garments
Including MUFFS. NECK BOAS.
SCARFS. FUR HATS. etc.. at
REASONABLE PRICES.
Repairing, Dyeinjj and Dressing it
Short Notice.
AD.K0C0URJ21 Post St
(Don't Mistake the Number.)
j Rooms 7 to II. over O'Connor.
! Moffatt & Co.'s. Phone Black 374;?
" _ hi 1 —^ - t _ — 11 — _h-i , 1
MEN
LOST VIGOR
RESTORED I
fill or wr.t« for bjok. fr>».
DB. COOPER & CO.,
318 Kciray Strut,
Fan Francisco. Cal.
— mi
; Price 25 cents. All druggists, or sent post
! paid on receipt of price. DR. PAUL DE
j FORD. 175 N. Spring St.. Los Angeles. CaL
DR. HALL'S RELNYIGORATORgggj
Five hundred reward for any bsnBI
c.se we carm-.t cure. This secret PH
remedy stops ail losses in 24 hours. B g
cures Emissions, Impctency. Varl- EBB HEl
c ¦•ceie. Gcr.'-.rrh'.ea. Gleet, Fits. Rtl ITilTl
Etricturei. L-.st Manhood and all UJJ LkfeJ
wasting »~«-cts of s»!f-abu"» or BttH t&!m
•K""F Sent «»n!<*<3. J2 bottle: S C'liVVTiM
i bottles. J5: guaranteed to cure any case. Aa-
| <!re«s HALL'S MEDICAL. INSTITUTE. 855
• ISroadway. Oakland. Cal. a:«o fcr sale at 107J4
Market ft.. S. F. All private diseases quickly
1 cured. Send for frte book.
i Dr. Bennett's Electric Belt
Makes weak men and women strong and strong
; men and wosm etroncer. Rooms 5 and t. 17
; Pc»t it.. San Francisco. Cal.
. AMUSEMENTS.
...TO-NIGHT...
AND ALL. THIS WEEK. MATIXEE EATDH-
DAT. Whitlrn & Willis* Comedians In
the Polite Comedy Classic.
A HINDOO HOODOO
Commencing Next Sunday Afternoon,
Y/M.H. WEST'S BIS MINSTREL JUBILEE.
Positively the blg?est show that Mr. "West
has ever brourht to the Pacific Coast.
FISCHER'S concert house.
IIl-UIILU O Admission lOc.
J. Warren Keene, Alice Raymond, Miss May-
belle. Mae Tunlson, Eudora Forde, Ocar LJe-
man. Robert Ellis. Antonio Vargas, Harold
Basford and New Moving Pictures.
Reserved Seats. 2Sc; Mailnee Sunday.
6UTRO BATHS,
OPEN NIGHT&
O?ea Dally From 7 a. m. to 11 p. tm.
Bathlnr From " a. m. to 10 p. n.
ADMISSION 10c. CHILDREN 6c
B&thicg, toduiUcf admission, 2Sc; Chi lire a. 390.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A-WTTRTTMTTSTTK
*TIV_QLS*
TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT'. TO-NIGHT!
— THURSDAY. BUKDAT SIGHTS: —
BATCBDAT MATIXEE!
"CARMEN."
Tt.» Or*at Diva COLLAMARINI as CARMEN.
r.L'SSO. SALASSA. F.EPETT<"». NICOLIN'I.
SCHUSTER IK THE CAST.
Friday. Saturday Evenlnr*.
"THE JEWESS."
fur.? by Luteutt. Lirhter. Stewart an! Barren
Bmhtld <His Farewell Appearances).
POPULAR PRICES 5c ar.d y-c
Telephone H'J«h ?.
FPE<~lA!^>rHVRSr>AV AFTERXOON-. Oci. 23.
GRAND SYMPHONY CONCERT.
Direction cf Max Hirschf»M. Orchestra of 6«.
Seats oa Ea.!f THURSDAY. Shfrtaan. Clay &.
<~ .-.- S'-.-r;.
*fc* Vi ' f •tall 1 S 0. iSr 4^% rhEAH-*
SECOND GREAT WEEK
EVERY JflGHT tEXCEPT S"NT>AY)
MATIXEE SATURDAY.
THE ONLY REAL
The Oriff-Ir.al Ixndon. N^w York enl Chicago
J*roil'jctlon.
THE BEPT PLAT. THE BEST PLATERS.
THE MOST IMPOSING PRODUCTION.
PRICES SI.no. J«l. T5e. 5Oe. ::.%«•
OR AND OPERA MOU^El
MATINEES BATURDAT AND SUNDAY.
NEW lT*&fc^*TV? E=fQ B PANY
ONLY THIS WEEK
TVU'itra Havrorth's Great
Patriotic Neva! Drama
THE ENSIGN
Next T>k- MADAME SANS GENE!
EVENING PRICES 1O<-. 15<\ 25c, SOc.
A Few Front Rows la Orchestra 75c.
MATINEE PRICES lOc. 13c, 23c. SOc.
No Higher
Branch Tiricet Offlce— Emporium.
HARD TO BEAT.'
LIZZIE B. B.AYH0ND. EDGAR]
ATCHISON - ELY, RAUCHLE, I
TWET HALE SISTESS, TOM I
KAWN & CO., THE GEEAT |
EVEBHART, EDDIE GIRARD
AIIT> JESSIE GARDNEE., "WTIXIS
FAMXLY. BIOGRAPH.
Rfserved Seats. Zhc; Balcoay, 13c; Opera
Cha'.re ar.d Bex pp.nts. Cvc.
MATINEES— Wednj* dav. Saturiar and Sunday
Alt E'.!'.=*!;ouFe. Proprietor and Manager,
rhcae South 770
Erery Ereslrjf Th'.g Week. Mat. Saturday.
-IHH* COME WITH BANNERS "WAVING."
rLAYINO TO STANDING ROOM.
TO SEE
THEMAN FROM MEXICO
Tt.at Funny Farr« Is Repeat:^ Its Torraer
Record.
WITH GEOP.OE C. BONIFACE JP.. a:V a
Select Comedr Cart.
F!rrt Time at Pooular Prices.
Ever'.r.r ISc. 25c. 35c. 5^ an<! 75c
Matins ISc. 25c. 2Sc and V>c
Next fulmar Afternoon. Another Pteliar At-
traction Fronn New York— ""BROWN'S IN
TOWN."
THE BEST EVER.
TO-NIGHT An &fX IRE
Eamptaoci Spectacular Production.
THE
CORSICAN
BROTHERS!
Adapted by Hcwarfl Hall From Alexa-fier
DTinia< Novel.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND STNTJAT.
Next We«k. an Original Koiraatlc Drama—
"A SOLDIER OF THE EMPIRE."
F=-/*OraRI*?5 T* H »» F\ T E R
(ODD FELLOWS' HALL..) • -
TUESDAY. OCTOBER 16. 1S».
Ir.aecfK Success of Our New Enterpris*.
Th»> week's programme will conslrt of a <Je-
lichtfu! farce comedy. AN OPERATTA BY
OFrKNTiACIL toother with an olio of *pe-
cialtlr-e. i.ir.rcs, soncs and eketche» of rare
Tr.»rit by a bostof eminent artist*. Every Fri-
day ev-mnr GERMAN' PERFORMANCE by a
•pler.S'.d companr of players. Popular prices —
»c aai EOc Cox eh«et at Sherisan, Clay k Co/f^
And Every Distressing Irritation of the Skin
and Scalp Instantly Relieved by a
Bath with CUT! CURA SOAP
And a ste.rle anointing' with Ctoccra, the great skia citre and purest of emollients.
TLis is the priest, sweetest, most FpeeJy, permanent, and economical treatment for
tcrturin?, distigariiis, itching, burning. Meeting, sc.ily, crn«ted. And pimply skin
ar.d scalp humors with loss of hair, ami has received tho endorsement of physicians,
chemists, and nurses throughout the world.
i*lL Millions of Women
ftjss^S'ti Sir P^^k l PE Cmccm Soap, exclusively, for pre-
'I'-rrT^fS <^*>' -¦ : ~^J^ ftrvicjr, purifying.and beautifying the skin,
¦./jCSCJSy-'rj ifc- *S ' " s^fc^ s^» f< ri'f.T sin^r the sca!p of crusts, scales, and
"£$»"i'''lf^ •W^"""** 7 "*''^* lS* damlrutf, end the stopping of falling hair,
y*-- 1 ~V r rc'*j ¦**£ *?" t/ lor Eoft< ni: .•, n !.:t< ninp, a::<l soothing rod,
jbjy^wE r^L Vj h rough, an-1 sore hand*, in the form of baths
t^j»nS*:*i' \ . \ for annoying irrltatioiis. Inflammations, and
"i- .],, \^ "" chafing*, or too free or oSenslve pet-Rplra-
fIc^jc'lb. ' /^*^ "^ tion *" tl:e ft""™ ot washes for aleciatlvo
**zyjr \ weaknesses, and for many sanative antisep-
/£r/^ I tic purposes which rca'llly surest them-
>^ ~r^_ \ se l T es to women, and especially mothers,
~~^^\ S?*!?^*] 3n< * toT a!1 tiie pu 1 ? 0 *'* of the toilet, bath,
'^^^ and nursery. Xo amount of persuasion can
# j /^^ s ""*V^>-ff? ir ?|5'2*y ioduce those who have once u.-clitio ujo
I 1 PgOspj^Sffiy any other, especially for preserving and
jr 1 /Pvt83Fjf?ffl8r/ pcrlfvtupthcsLin,sra!p,and halrof Infanta
S &&$VWNRfi$' aai ch;idl °a. Cuticika Scat combines
s^s^S fiellcate emoUiett properties derived from
*^-^- *^"C*^ S fc^' J^«M^^^ CL'TICCHA, the great ?l-:n cure, with the
A^UA j %^6Ej?£35fsw»r purcstof cleansing ingredients and the most
ivy / 2^ \jijK??3Sflr/* refreshing of Cower odors. No other mec/i.
r?4t^|f ?\bitf eated soap rrcr cornp* v.rAcl i» to be com-
pared with it for preserving, purifying, ami
•he&T^ifyirs t':e eV:n. eiralp, hair, an<5 hamip. No other foreign or domestic toilet eoap,
however exi^ensive, is to be compared with it for all the purj o=e» of the toilet, bath, awi
rurserr. Thus it eomMues In Oxc Soap at One Thick, vl/.., TwentY-FIve CE.NT3, the
BEST ekia and completion soap, the bkst toilet soap and best baby soap In the world.
Complete External and Internal Treatment for Eiery Humor, Price, $1.25.,
ConeirtiEp of CracrR* Soap (25c. \ to c!eaa*e the *kla of cram snd scales and *oft*n tha
thickened cuticle, Citiccra Ojntbest (50c.), to icsta.itty a'.lay itc!:iag. inflammation, iud Irri-
tation, and soothe tmd heal, and CcTlcrm Kesolvekt (oOeA. to cool and cleanse the blood. A
PINTLE Set :• often •nffici^nt to cure the nv»t torturing, dirf.guriijg, and humiliating skin, «ca1p,
arjd blood homo™. wHh lo*» of hfc'.r, vfaea all else f^iic. bo:d throughout the world. Potteb
I>ncGANaCiitJiCoKr.,Soiel'ro:.§., Bo«tcc, Mas*. "All about tbe b kin. Scalp, and Ilalr," free.
Ease your burdens
BY USING
It makes glad the hearts of those J<\
who are not happy unless everything w&Sk Wr A >D^~^^-^' v -' )
" Housework is hard work without Gold Dust."KEW TORK STOCK LIST.
6h*re« Closing
Bold. Stock— Bid
13.210 Atchlson 28%
19.S6S Atchison preffl .- 7i\
€.450 Baltimore & Ohl» 72%
420 Canadian Pacific S6Vi
ISO Canada Southern tl
2,656 Chesapeake -& Ohio Ti%
tOO Chicago Great Western 10\
J2.700 Chicago Burlington & Quincy 127H
250 Chicago Ind & Louisville 21
*_... Chicago Ind &. Louisville prefd .... K'4
*._.-, Chicago A. Eastern Illinois 93V&
400 Chicago & Northwestern 163'
1,725 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific lOT a ;
J.tOO C C C 4 6t Louis 62«i
1,000 Colorado Southern ..i... &«i
150 Colorado Southern 1st rrefd 38
....... Colorado Southern 2d prefd IS
8S2 Delaware & Hudson 11JV4
223 Delaware Lacka wanna & Western.. 17S
200 Denver & Rio Grande 191^
BIO Denver & Rio Gravide prefd 68
100 EM* 12*
1,300 Erie 1st prefd 25%
L02I Great Northern prefd U6\
100 Hocking Coal M3>4
200 Hocking Valley 33H
2,»7 Illinois Central 117%
200 Iowa Ontral ly,
200 Iowa Central orefd 41
800 Lake Erie & Western 31
S00 Lake Erie & Western prefd %%
». Lake Shore 205» 2
11.100 Louisville & Nashville 73*4
3.435 Manhattan Elevated 94*«
3,7&5 Metropolitan Street Railway 154H
100 Mexican Central 11%,
200 Minneapolis & St Louis 54> 4
100 Minneapolis &. Et Louis prefd 95
34.C7S Missouri Pacific £2fi
100 Mobile & Ohio 36
Missouri Kansu & Texas $h
TCETV YORK. Or-t. 15. — There was an outburst
of large and buoyant speculation j n the stock
xr.arket. which lifted prlct-s during the course of
the day irom 1 to over S joints. The buying
ctnie Irom many filvertent elements, but the
patent fact was tha.t an enormous number of
clocks were bougtt In an eager and confident
manner on a rapid!/ rifing scale of prices.
Forced covering by a largely extended short In
terest had something to do with the rise. Bull
BianipulatiGn by a number of powerful cliques,
come of them newly formed this morning, aided
the advance. The commission houses reported
tbat they had large orders to buy from out
t.10.9 source*. "What proportion tbese various
elements tad In the aggregate O f the day's
trading It is cot possible even to estimate,
Lut no merely technical conditions could have
resulted In bo considerable a rise In prices In
ruch a widely distributed etrer.pth. The true
basis of the advance evidently was the change
In th« money outlook and the promise held
out to the speculative spirit In the general
conditions. There has been steady growth of
confider.ee In Wall street for some time past
In the ceneral outlook for business. It has
titen. firmly held that as «oon as election un
certainties were dlEpoeed of there would be a
renewal cf business activity up to the high
level of the recent prosperous period. On the
other hand, the growing construction of the
¦money eupply left room for doubt whether the
Intervening period could be safely bridged
¦without eueh a money stringency as would be
eieaftrous to speculative commitments. The
conviction was crystallized to-day that the dan
eer of money stringency was mitlgfcted and the
expected post election demand for securities
vas discounted on a very large scale. Satur
day's bank statement demonstrated that a very
large contraction cf loans had been effected
¦without serious harm to the stock market, thus
conserving the surplus reserve. The gold en
raged In Europe leet week Is expected to ar
rive In tide to show In next Saturday's bank
statement. The Bank of France's announce
ment through the Associated Press of a deter
mination to export to avert a money strin
gency, and the expressed readiness of the Sec
retary of the Treasury to act toward the same
•nd. fcjLd a notable effect In strengthening con
f.dence. The large additional engagements of
sold announced this morning promised further
help to the local market, although the receipt
is deferred -for several weeks. This Is due to
the fact that the pold comes from South Africa.
Th* fact wa» much dwelt on In speculative cir
cle* cb marking the resumption of the output
from the TnuisvaAl mines, but the exact source
cl the eupplr and the channels through which
It Is to com* were ehrouded In mystery.
The expected settlement of tho coal strike
yet* also a lactcr In the unvarying strength In
the m&rket and th« epecial strength in the
group of coalers. Realizing in stocks which
had their extreme advance early In the day
ir.ade the closing elightly Irregular, but prices
generally were well maintained at the top.
There was a. decided growth of activity In
bor.de and some notable advances In prices, but
ther* were weaJc epots which made the market
Irrerular. Total sul«e, f 1.960,000.
United States bonds unchanged on the last
caiL
New York Stock Market.
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2 —
i October 74 74 734 73*4
I November 74^i 74^4 73% 73%
i Dei-ember 75Vi 75ft 74V4 . 74Vfc
I Corn No. 2 —
! October 41 4U* 40«i 40*1
November 37% 37% 37K 37S
' December 35Vi 35»i 35 35"'*
I Oats No. 2—
i octob-r :m 2i»; 2m tm,
I November 21H 21i 2 21H 21S
i December 21*i 21T4 21% 21%
llcfs Pork, per barrel—
I October - 16 00
November 10 S5 10 95 10 82^4 10 90
! January 11 22H 11 32% 1120 1125
Lard, per ICO pounds;—
j October .... 6 S5
! November 6 h"\i 6 90 6 82% 6 65
I January 6 57Vi 6 65 6 55 6 60
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
October 7 25 7 25 6 90 6 90
November 6 40 6 45 6 32H 6 37Vi
January 6 00 6 02^ 5 97Vfr 6 00
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
¦ easy: No. 3 spring wheat. 69V4Q'75c; No. 2 red.
¦ 74 / 37flc : No. 2 corn. 4l!S~41'4c; No. 2 yellow, 41®
' 41 3 jc; No. 2 oats 21%ji2Z%c; No. 2 white, 24H@
! 2'Uc: No. 3 white. 23ii24Hc; No. 2 rye. 51c;
i fair to choice malting, S6@6SUci No. 1 flaxseed.
i $1 72; No. 1 Northwestern. $1 73; prime timothy
j seed. $4 10^?4 15; mess pork, per barrel. $12 50@
': 12 57H; lard, per 100 pounds. $6 S2Ht?6 &0; short
j rib sides (ioose), $797 50; dry salted shoulders
i (b^xed). $6 2S!56 50; short clear sides (boxed),
| J7 3MJ7 4f>; whisky, basis of high wines, $1 27.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
I Flour, barrels 87.000 27.0oO
I Wheat, bushels 210,000 551.000
Corn, bushels 339.000 92S.COO
; Oat? bushels 446.000 374.000
I Rye. bushels 13.000 5,000
j Barley, bushels 143,000 79,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the buttv
market was firm; creamery. 16021c: dairy, 13@
ISc. Cheese, firm, 10v;<gil%c. Eggs, firm;
fresh, 17hc
CHICAGO. Oct. 15.— Wheat started weak and
graw weaker as the session progressed. Liqui
dation was the only feature. Had the news
been manufactured for the purpose It could
have done but little more in the way of giv
ing satisfaction to the bears and -discourage
ment to the ho!d«rs. December opened at
75'ic to 74?ic. held for a while over 74*ic and
then, on the visible Increase of 1.077,000 bush
els dropped to 74>ic and closed lUc under Sat
urday at 71V£;ip74 r ;»e. Loverpool closed l%d
lower. The weather was all that could be
desired by a crop mover and receipts were
liberal.
Corn was steady.' considering the Influence
around. December closed Me ilown at SoVic.
Oats were dull and easier early, but steadied
later. December closed unchanged at 21%C.
Provisions started weak in sympathy with
wheat and a lower hotc market, but recovered
on buying thought to be for an influential
operator. January pork closed 2^0 lower, lard
a shade higher and ribs a shade down.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Chicago Grait} Market.
Eggs were slightly higher, though there was
not much snap to the market. Stocks of ranch
Eggs are considerably reduced. : - ¦
r Cheese Is * firm and ' : dealers ar» disposed to
quote an advance
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
¦ POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 14@15c for Gobblers
and 14015c for Hens; Geese, per pair. $1 25@
1 50; Gosltnes, *1 50®175; Ducks, $3214 for old
nnd $3 50<jf4 50 for young; Hens, $3 60@5; Young
Roosters, $4®5; Old Roosters, $3 50ijy4 50;_Fry
ers. $303 75; Broilers, J3@3 50 for large and
$2fl2 60 for small; Pigeons, $1 25 per dozen for
old. and $15002 for Snuabs. ' -
GAME— Quail. $l«ei 25 for Valley and $2@2 BO
for : Mountain; > Mallard, $4S«; Canvaaback, ¦ $6(3
8 for choice, down to J3 for poor; Sprig, $2 50©
8; Teal... $2 50®3 BO;. Widgeon, $1 BlXJi; Small
Duck, $1 2501 75; Gray Geese. $3; White Geese.
$1©1 50: Brant. $1 25©>1 60 for small and $2 50
for large; English Snipe, $1; Jack Snipe. '75c®
$1; Hare $1 25(gl 50; Rabbits, $1 25®1 50 . for
cottontail and fl for brush; Doves, 40@60c per
doien.
Four cars of Eastern Poultry came In, and
sales were made at • So'S'a 50 for Hene, $5 for
young | Roosters,. $4 50 for old Roosters, $3@3 50
for Fryers, $2 f.0fj'3 for Broilers, $8 50 for young
Ducks, $3 50@4 for old Ducks, SI 75@2 for Geese
and 129 13c for Turkeys.
The henlth officers Beized considerable Game
yesterday, and' sound birds sold . rather lower,
as usual on Monday. There was enough In to
go around. ¦
Poultry and Game.
k VEGETABLES— Green Peas. 2@4o 'per lb;
String Beans. lift-3c: Llmas, 2W3c per Ib: Cab
bage, SI; Tomatoes, Bay, 23@40c; Egg Plant,
40(U6Uc per box: '.Green Okra. 4UWc:
Green Peppers, 35Jjr>0c per box for Chill and 40®
fOc. for Bell: One't Peppers. lOJiloc: Carrots-.
25©S5? per sack; Summer Squash, 60®S5c for
Alameda; Cucumbers, 35ij50c for Alameda;
Pickles, $1 50 ¦ per box for No. 1 and 6oc
for No. t; Garlic, 4©4'/-c per lb; Marrowfat
Squash. $10615 per ton.
A car of Merced Sweets sold at the quota
tion.
Vegetables were quiet and not particularly
changed.
Onions brought a slight advanced
The .Potato dealers have, agreed not to 'sell
less than 50 sacks on the wharf, unless to clean
up odds and ends, the object being to keep the
retailers off tho wharf.
POTATOES— Burbanks, 30@60c for Rivera and
S5C&I1 10 per- ctl for Salinas and 65(£90c for
Oregon ; Sweets, 50®75c for Rivers and $1 for
Merced. . •
ONIONS— 60@75c per ctl; Plcklo Onions, 35@
eoc. • .
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Receipts of Beans were heavy again, exceed
ing 8000 sks. but the market kept up very well,
as there was a good shipping demand. Sev
eral white descriptions, Indeed, advanced.
Pinks rtocllned.
Arrival of 510<» sks of Flaxseed from Wash-
HEANS— Bayos. $202*10; Small White. $3 50©
3 CO; Lnrse White, $2 40f?2 50; Pink. $1 90fi>2:
Red $2 5003: Blackeye. $2 G0(t72 75; Lima. $3 20
#5 30; Pea, $3S5!p4; Red Kidneys, $2 75'fj3. .
SKKIJS— Brown Mustard, 4c: Yellow Mustard.
5c: Flax. $2ft2 M>: Canary, 3«.c per lb for Cali
fornia and 4c for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal;
Rape. 2H@3c: Hemp. 4@4Hc: Timothy. 4i&4Hc.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 nO@2: Green, Si SO0
2 20 per ctl; Blackeye. $1500175.
Beans and Seeds.
BK AN— *16O17 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $17@H per ton. ,
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $15@17 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $2o@26; Jobbing,
$26 60; Cocoanut Cake-, $17@18; Corn Meal, $26tf
27; Cracked Corn, $26 50327 50; Mixed Feed,
$i5<gie.
HAY— Volunteer, J5#8; Wheat. $Uf?13 50;
Wheat and Oat. $10012 50; Oat. SOffll 50; Clover.
$507: Alfalfa. S6 5008 50; Barley. $7@9 per ton.
STRAW— 35@45c per bale.
There were a good many cars of Hay in yes
terday, but the market was steady and un
changed. There was nothing new in Feedstuffs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
MII.LSTL'FFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour $3 per 100 Iba: Rye Flour, $2 '35; Kye
Meal. J2 50; Rice T"lour. |7; Corn Meal. $2 75:
extra cream do, V 50; Oat Groats, $4 50; Hom
ing. J3 50@3 75; Buckwheat Flour, J4@4 23;
Cracked Wheat. |3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour. *3 23; Rolled Oats (barrels). $fi®
7 25; In sacks, $5 75107; Pearl Barley. $5; Split
Peas, J5; Green Peas, $5 50 per 100 lbs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 60O
3 75. usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 4003 50;
Oregon and Washington. 12 75@3 10 per bbl for
family and $3 IDtytS 50 for bakers' ; Eastern,
J4 75ij5 75 per bbl.
Flour and Millstuffs.
CORN— Receipts are of daily occurrence now
and the market is rather lower at $1 22Vfc@l 25
rtpi* 0 1 1 for I'' it **> t t'Ttl
BUCKWHEAT.— Nominal.
OATS — The market was dull yesterday, but
flrmlv held at unchanged quotations. White,
$1 3D(Ji'l 50; Surprise, $1 4»W1 55; Red. ?1 15(S1 2">
for feed and $1 ZGigl 40 for, seed; Gray. SI 233$
135; Black, for feed, $1 10@l 17Vi; for seed,
Jl 22'.4«?1 32% rer ctl.
Afternoon Session— No sales
Second Session— 10,000 ctls, 70«4c
Regular Morning Session— December — 2000 ctls,
71c; 2000, 71',4c: 2000, 71%c; 2000, 71ftc; 6000, 71%c.
Informal Session — No sales.
CALL BOARD SALES.
BARLEY — The market was in an anomalous
condition yesterday. Futures were firmer, ris
ing lc, but spot prices were weaker, with a
very dull market.
Feed, 71V4f?72H:C for choice bright. 68^0*700
for No. 1 and 62H@67 l »ic for off grades; Brew
ing and Shipping grades, 77 l /4@82'4c; Chevalier,
nominal.
Second Session— May— 4010 ctls. $1 0V$.
Regular MorninK Session — December — 6000 ctls.
97V;c; 4000, 97V8C: 2000, D7»;c. May— 2000. $1 03%c;
4000. $1 04'ic; 4000. $1 04^,c; 4000, $1 04UC; 12.000,
$104^0. »
Afternoon Session— December— 4000 ctls, 9'%c;
16.000. 97Hc May— 20.000. $1 04%c.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December—
2000 ctls, 9656c; f.000. 96%c. May— 14,000. $104.
CALL BOARD SALES
Wheat and Other Grains.
V.*HEAT~A11 markets the world over were
lower. The decline at Paris was pronounced.
AH conditions conspired to depress prices. The
American visible supply increased 1,557,000
bushel?, and there were large shipments of
1.752.000 bushels from Russia and 1,436,000 from
the Danubian provinces. The quantity on pass
age ¦ also showed an increase. There was a
large trade at the decline In Chicago, however.
Bfarish nubile advices from the Argentine
were counteracted by private cables, which
reported considerable 'European demand, and
the receivers of the cables bought In conse
cuence.
In this market both spot and future prices
were lower. '
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 98U@97«-Jc; Milling.
9S%c«i$l 02'^.
sterling Exchange, 60 days — U "I 1 /;
Sterling Exchcngj. sight — ' * 84Vi
Sterling Cables — 4 S5i*
Xew York Exchange, sight — <K^s
Xew Vi r k Erchan>re. telegraphic — 1rt
Fine Silver, per ounce — 62*i
iloxitau Dollars, uotninal 00H it si
Exchange and Bullion.
Ttie rressure ha* riFen over the Paciflc. Slope
during the iiast twenty-four hours and fallen
flightly along the immediate coast in the last
twelve hours. It is highest over the Rocky
Mountain rccion and lowest in Southern Ari
rona.
The temperature has risen cligrbtly west of
the Rocky Mountains. In the Interior valleys
of California it is freni o to 10 degrees above
the normaX
The weather 1* generally cloudy along- the
co&ft from C&£>e Mendoclno northwaj-d and in
Southern Utah; elsewhere on the PaciSc Slope
It is clear.
Forecast made at 6aa Frandico for thirty
hours ending midnight October 16:
Northern California— fair Tuesday: light
northwest wind.
6outhern California— Fair TUMdajr; light
northwest •wind.
Nevada — Fair Tuesday.
t Utah— Fair Tuesday.
Arizona— Fa'.r Tuesday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fdr Tnesday;
light narthweFt wind.
G. H. WILLSON. Local Porecart OffldaL
Eureka p$ Los Angeles 74
Mt. Tair.alpais ~,v Sacramento 78
Independence 7* San Luis Obispo b±
Red BlaiT K San IMego 6S
Fresno K '
Ssn Kranc)5O data: Maximum temperature,
C6; minimum, £2; mean, £>?.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
<U0th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
HAN FRANCISCO. Oct. 15—5 i>. in.
Th« following- maximum 'temperature* were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Weather Report.
"Kaltir.s are very firm but quiet. Seeded
are in fair request. Prunes, apricots &i\\\
jrfacheB are taken by the trade only for im
mediate requirements. The colder weather, it
Is expected, will cau?» a. nv>re active market
«>oon. Apples axe quiet, with light offerings.
Fume b'jsine^B is being done la filberts and
Brazil nuu ex lull prices."
"Demand for daU6 is quite active. Sales of
two cars of Hallowi were it-ported at 3?*c and
& half car at Khadrawi at 3HC The light
etooks of £air have been virtually cornered and
are held at Z^q.
Dried Fruit in New York.
Mail e<iv;c^y from New York say: "Trade
1e etlll very slow In most lines, but better
activity is shown in currants and dates. Cur
rants are very- firm lor both old a^id new
ATr.allas at IlVic. sales of two cars of old
;¦ ::;r reported late Monday at that figure.
An offer of li'Vic for one hundred barrels of
old wajs reported turned down yesterday morn
ing. A sale of fifty barrels of Provincials was
reported at 12c.
NEW YORK, Oct. lS.-Our market followed
the Liverpool break with a drop of 6 to 20
points on the call.'- the' loss later being In
creased 35@38 points under Irresistible pressure
of long stuff and heavy Bales for short account
whenever the market showed the least symp
toms of reaction. I Not until after midday was
there the least Indication of a lull in the eell
lns movement or a change in the trend of
fluctuations. Before 2 o'clock p. m. the ad
vance from the bottom was less than 10 points
The late market was nervous and with prices
down to the lowest of the day. The factors
which led to the break abroad and here con
sisted of heavy receipts at all points, enor
mous export clearance, decline In Southern
spot markets of from He to %c and reports
that magnificent weather was causing cotton to
mature where further outturn had not • been
expected. The market closed weak at a net
loss of 35 to 38 polnte.
Ncxv York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. Oct. 15.— Tin in London de
clined 10 to 15 shillings under liberal offerings,
but the local market for tin displayed consid
erable steadiness on a good local inquiry and
the scarcity of selling, closing the day steady
in tone at *28 25©J28 62%. Copper was dull and
unchanged here, while the London market was
7^ '.££&- The J clo ?S ner ? wa8 on the basis
of S16 7a®17. Lead arid spelter both ruled dull
and unchanged at {4 37% and $4 1004 15 re
spectively. Pitiron warrants were very dull
?. 1 J?, 50 ®! 0 -. The brokers' price for lead' was
$4 37% and for copper $16 87V4.
A T ezu York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. Oct. 15.— The statement of the
visible supply of grain In store and afloat, on
Saturday, October 13, as compiled by the New
York Produce Exchange, Is as follows:
Wheat— 56,978,000 b«shel3. Increase 1,577,000
buphels.
Corn— 9.S11, 000 bushels. Increase 1,924,003 bush
els.
Oats— 12.233.000 bushels. Increase 123,000 bush
els.
i Rye— 986,000 bushels. Increase 61,000 bushelB. .
I Barley— 2,348,000 bushels, Increase 422,000 bush
els.
Visible Grain Supply.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Dec Feb.
Opening 8 1V4 6 2%
Closing 6 1H 6 2
PARIS.
Wheat— Oct. Jan.-Aprll.
Opening 20 05 21 45
Closing 20 05 2135
Flour—
Opetning 25 45 27 25
Closing 25 35 27 20
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. Oct. - 15.— CATTLE — Receipts.
2J.000. includins • 40CO Westerns and 2100
Texan.s; steers, 6@10c lower; Westerns,
Ftcady to fie lower. Good to prime steers,
«5 80@S K>: poor to medium, $4 45^5 25: vbe
lected feeders, steady. *3 80<@4 50; mixed
stockers, $2 Si,ff4; cows, $2 65<&4 25; heif
ers, $2 7S@4 75: canners', steady, I2Q2 60:
bulls, steady, $2 70#4 60; calves, steady, $4®
6 25; Texas fed steers. $4@4 SO; Texas grass
steers, J3 25@4 10; Texas bulls, $2 75<S3 50.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 26,000; to-morrow,
24,000 estimated; left over, &C00; S©lCc lower;
top, $5 17%. Mixed nnd butchers", $4 S5@5 17^;
good to choice heavy, $4 85@5 15; rough heavy,
}4 7C@4 SO; light. $4 SO@S 15; bulk of sales, *4 90
(35 10. » . - ,
SHEEP— Receipte, 18,000; 10c higher; lambs.
lOJUoc higher. Good to choice wethers. $3 90®
4 20; fair to choice mixed, $3 60@4; Western
sheep. $3 9CK2T4 20; Texas eheep, $4 40^5 75; na
tive lambs. $4 £5@5 £0. V'
The bank received £12.000 gold from Austra
lia. Call money rates and bills were not
changed to-day, although the market bal
ances were reduced £5,100,000 by various calls.
In the American department prices held well,
but London remained for a time apathetic.
There was a sudden spurt in the street, ac
companied by much shouting, and rumors were
current of good news about the coal strike."
The theory here is that the trouble in ihe coal
fields will be settled before Mr. Bryan reaches
New York. ~
XEW YORK. Oct. 15.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram; says:
Business \ras slack In the markets here to
day, owinjr to the Jewish holiday, and the
ton* was Irregular. Investment securities were
harder on the New Tork bank statement.
London Market
NEW YORK. Oct. 15.— Money on call, steady,
at 3ff3% per cent; last loan, 3 per cent; prime
mercantile exchance, 5@"J jver cent. Sterling
cxchmjjge, firm, with actual business In bank
era' bills at H S4V4 for demand and at $1 80^4
for sixty days; posted rates, $« 8l@» siij and
14 80194 83H: commercial bills, $4 79HS* SO. Sil
ver certificates. 62«i®63*ic; bar stfver. €2%e.
Mexican dollars. 49Hc. Government bonds,
steady; State bonds, steady; railroad' bonds
easy.
New York Money Market
Money— IL'nlon Pacific 60U
Call loans 3?5%|Union Land m
Tim* loans 5#« JIVest Bnd flVi
Stocks— 'tVestlnghouse El.... 47%
AT&SF 23H Bondt-
A T & S F prera.. 71Ti 'Atchleon 4s 03U
American Sugar.. ..120»4;N E Gas&Coke 5s. 63'i
AmRjW"- prefd....lJ6 | MlnlnR Shares-
Bell Telephone 142 'Adventure 4Vi
Boston & Albany.. 247 AHouez Mln Co . l*i
Boston Elevated. ...147 Amalg Copper SfiVi
Boston & Maine. ...SSS* Atlantic 22
?h(?o. Bur&Q 127iiiL{oston & Mont 326
Pomlnlon Coal 39 Butte & Boston.... 60<A
Dom Coal prerd....H3 Calumet & Hecla 762 *
Federal Steel 35^ Centennial ir,\4
Fed Steel prefd.... 65Vi Franklin 14
Fltchburir prefd.. ..13S iHumboIdt »5
General Electric. ..141 Oscenla ... 67
Oen Elec prefd 133V4 Parrot '.'.'." 4214
Ed Elec 111....' 215 Qulncy 143
Mexican Central.. .-. i:% Santa Fe Copper... 5 s ;
Mich Telephone So tamarack 24i!
N E Gas &. Coke... 12*4 I'tah Mining COH
pld Colony M*i Wlnona 2U
Did Dominion 20vi Wolverines 40<|
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
U S 2s r*f. when |M K & T 2ds 63%
issued, re? 103% M K & T 4s W%,
V S 2s ref. when N Y Cent lsts ins**
Issued, coup 103*4 N J Cent cen 5s.. ..123
I* S Ss reg 10S?i N Pacific 3s 64%
C S 3s coup lCSJi N Pacific 4s 102%
I" S new 4s rep, ex N Y C & St L 4s. .103*1
interest 1S3 N & W con 4s 97
U S new 4s coup. .134 Or Nav lstB 109
U S old 4s reg tUM Or Nav 4s 102%i
D S old 4s coup 114^ Or Short Line 6s. ..127'^
V S 3s re?, ex int.112 lOr S Line con 5s...ll2»4
D S 5s coup mUiReadlng Gen 4s 87
Dis of Col 3.63s....l23 'R <; W lsts... 98>:
Atchison gen 4s.... 99%j6t L& I M con 5b..109Vi
Atchison adj 4s S8?; 8t L & S F gen 6s.l22= 4
Canada S.> 2ds 106> s St Paul cons. 169U
Thes & Ohio 4Hs... <O St P C & P lsts....H7£
Thes & Ohio 6s 120 ipt P C & P 5* 11714
T & NW cr>n 7s. ...135% So Pacific 4s ; 79?i
C & N-WSFdeb 58.120^ So Railway 6s 109V4
Chgo Terminal 4s..l?lU Stand R & T 6s.... 66V4
Toio Southern 4s... M^ Tex & Pac lsts....' 113
D & R O Uts 103ViTex & Pac 2ds K
D& It O 4s 9Si; Union Pac 4s 10,-
KTi» General 4s.... CS IVabash lsts U'\
F W * I> C lsts... 71 AVabaoh 2ds 102
Gen Electric 6? 119 .West Shore 4s 113
Iowa Central lsts. .113 iWis Cent lsts K5
L & N Unl 4s 9S T * Va Onturles 91
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 25'Ontario 6 00
Crown Point 14'Ophlr 85
Con Cal & Va 1 40; Plymouth 12
Deadwood 45' Quicksilver 1 25
Gould & Curry 75 Do prefd 6 00
IlaJe & Norcross.. 42 Sierra Nevada 35
Homestake 55 0"' Standard 3 80
Iron Silver 60j Union Con 24
Mexican 38 Yellow Jacket 24
4.900 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 29
1.040 New Jersey Central 1X5
5.540 New York Central 130*4
8.455 Norfolk &• Western >'fi l i
723 Norfolk & Western prefd TG' 2
:0.000 Northern Pacific ..'. :>2>i
3.^14 Northern Pacific prof.l 70H
2.C50 Ontario & Western -0T»
Oregon Hallway A- Nav 42
Oregon Hallway & Nav prefd 76
2\jis Pennsylvania 133'*
l.«M0 Reading 1C5
14.100 Reading 1st prefd STS
1.U00 ReadUig Sd j.refj 27>*
Rio Grande Western 49
Rio Grande Western jirefd 90
C7S St Louis & San Fran 11
120 St Louis 4= San Fran 1st prefd 66'i
*<*) fit I^ouls & San Fran 2*1 prefd 3.^2
l.OoO t^t Louis t?outh western i-'t
1.600 St I^iuls Southwestern prefd 23"*
g,SSO St Paul 113%
100 Bt Paul r>refd 170
150 Paul At Omaha 110
12.3"0 Southern Pacific 34'i
10,700 Southern Railway 12U
10,560 .Southern Railway prefd 5i'fc
LSOO Texas & Pacific 16^
47.195 Union Pacific t»'4
6.3f5 Vnicn l'acinc prefd 75>i,
200 Wabash 7
S.K'O Wabash prefd is 1 ;
l.C(«0 Wheeling & Lake Erie SH
l.iOO Wheeling & I^ke Erie 2d prefd 2Z\
S<X) Wif-'consin Central \1\
400 Third Avenue lll*i
L:xj>rese Companies —
Adams 125
American 131
100 rnited States 45
Wells Fartfo 124
Miscellaneous —
200 American Cotton Oil 34%
American Cotton Oil prefd 91
American Malting 4'4
100 American Malting prefd 23"
13.0S4 American Smelting & Refining 40"i
1.7S7 American Smelting & Ref prefd S*J'i
American Spirits 1
American- Spirits prtfd 17
750 American Steel Hoop 2j«i
215 American Steel Hoop prefd 6S
13.&"> American Steel &. Wire H4'i
2,400 American Steel & Wire prefd 74%
1>X) American Tin Plate 22 3 a
710 American Tin Plate prefd S3
S.405 American Tobacco S3
American Tobacco prefd I'll
1.375 Anacronda Mining Co 4C*,i
2S.300 Brooklyn Rapid Transit J4'.
2.420 Colorado Fuel & Iron 33%
7.10) Continental Tobacco 2~\ 2
l.I'M Continental Tobacco prefd 73
7.S10 Federal Steel 35%
£00 Federal Steel prefd 65
220 General Electric 142*4
f 10 Glucose Sucar Cl
3i« Olucn^ Sugar prefd PS 1 ;
SW International Paper lS^i
&50 International Pai>er prefd 6'>'i
I^aclede Gas 6S'>4
450 National Biscuit 32^
2JS National Biscuit nrefd 83
2.200 National L*>ad lS^i
National Lead prefd 30
l.OtO National Steel 27*i
JOO National Steel prefd E<',i
20) New York Air Brake 122
1.120 North American 1ZU
200 Pacific Coast (TJ 2
Pacific Coast 1st rrefd, ex div j-5
?10 Pacific Coa.'t Id profd fi^
1,425 Pacific Mall 32U
El. 150 People's Gas 91),
1.010 Pressed Steel Car 3y". 2
Pressed Steel Car prefd 75^
-Pullman Pa lace Car 1S6
100 Standard Rope & Twine ',
43.5:,0 Sugar 120U
1») Sugar crefd *-.li6
9.150 Tennessee Coal & Iron C. Si%
6,^40 United States Leather 10*i
IWi United States Leather prefd 70
230 United States Rubber 2»',i
United States Rubber prefd. ex div. itf "
1.S35 Western Union , ' Tsi'i
•1,220 Republic Iron & Steel Co.. I 12'i
300 Republic Iron & Steel Co prefd . .. f \\
PC C& St Louis «
E9S, COO - Shares Bold.
CLOSING BOND?.
PRUNES — California dried prunes, steady, at
old prices, on the basis of 3^8V&C P e r pound,
as to size and yua'.ity.
APRICOTS— Royal. ll@14c: Moorpark, 15@16c.
PEACHES — Peeled. 164f20c; unpeeled, 6#»c.
¦*r — . .;;.
NEW YORK. Oct. 15.-FLOUR-Receipts, 33,
106 barrels: exports. 16,233 barrels; sales, C2.".O
packages. Weak and somewhat timer with the
break In wheat. Winter straits, J3 30(^3 00:
Minnesota patent?, J) 15(54 45; winter extras,
V £3(53.
WHEAT— Receipts. 232,050 bushels; einorts.
47,197 bushels. Spot— Weak : No. 2 rtd, 7S*ie
t. o. b. afloat; Xo. 2 red. 77 l ic elevator; Xo; 1
Northern Duluth.S4Uc t. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard
Duluth. 86%c f. o. l>. afloat. Options— ilad a
weak onenins and considerable decline under
local Ihiukiation. bearish cables and
line Northwest weather and lack >,l ouf.slcis
supijort. Subsequently holding steady for a
time on a little covering, it rtnally ylelatd to
the heavy visible supply Increase and renewed
liquidation, closing weak at l«51',ic net decline.
March. NiS'i S 2^ic. closed *2^ic: May. S2"ilg
hZ o-lG<.-. closed «%c; October. 77%c, closed 77c.
WOOL— Dull.
COFFEE- Spot— Rio. firm: 'No. 7 invoice.
S%c; mild, quiet; Cordova. 9*i@l*C- Futures —
Closed quiet, with prices 10 points lower. To
tal sales, 40t)0 basr«. inoludlnK: December, $7 13
<&" 20; March, t: 30<&7 :i5; July. $7 50.
SUGAR— Raw, steady; fair refining. 4Uc;
cc-ntrirugal, l<6 test. 4%c: molasses sugar, 4c.
DRIED FRUITS.
KVJU'ORATKD API'LES-The market fcr
e\aporated apples continued quiet and unlntt-r
esting all ci:iy at nominally unchanged prices.
Silver a fraction firmer. Exchange as before.
Wheat lower again all over the world.
Spot Barley weaker and futures firmer.
Oats firmly held. Corn lower. Rye dull.
Hay arriving freely. Bran and Middlings firm.
Beans in heavy receipt, but selling very well.
Large arrival of Flaxsced from Washington. m
Onions doing better. Vegetables and. Potatoes unchanged.
Butter weak. Cheese and Eggs slightly higher.
Fresh and Dried Fruits quiet and featureless.
Fair demand for Hams, Bacon and Lard.
Meat market as previously quoted.
Four cars of Eastern Poultrx arrived.
Considerable Game seized by the health authorities.'
Nnv York Grain and Produce.
LONDON. Oct. 15.— Atchlson, 29 s i: Canadian
Pacific, S9'i; Union Pacific preferred. 7b',i:;
Northern Pacific preferred, 72%; Grand Trunk,
Ch: Anaconda, 9>i; Rands, 41VJ. Bar silver,
steady, 2S^id per ounce. Money. Hi® 2 pir cent.
Silver was again bought In some quantity.
closing at 23 3-16d.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
TACOMA," Oct. 15.— Wheat market Inactive
and quotations nominnllv lc lower. Bluestem,
io^ic; club, 52^c; both for export.
WASHINGTON
OREGON
PORTLAND, Oct. 15. — The week opened to
day, with about the poorest wheat market of
the season. In the Portland markets most of
tho' exporters have reduced their limits to 53t;,
and 53^4c was an outside figure on Walla Walla,
with bluestem nominally 57c. Valley has de
clined in sympathy with other wheat, but the
milling demand still holds it up to 5S@59c.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND, Oct. 15.— Clearings, $J43.9S2;
balances. $63,312.
Portland's Business.
CORN— Snot, firm; American mixed new, 4s
r.*id. Futures— Quiet; November, 4s 3d; Decem
ber. 4s aHd.
LIVERPOOL. Oct. 15.— WHEAT— Spot No. 2
red Western winter, dull. 6s 2%d; No. 1 North
ern spring, quiet, 6s 6U<3: No. 1 California,
v.ilet. Cs 6',id. Futures — Dull; December, Cs
l&d; February, 6s 2d.
LIVERPOOL. Oct. 15.— WHEAT— Quiet; No.
1 Standard California. 6s 6d<36s 6V4d; wheat in
Paris, puiet; flour in Paris, quiet; French coun
try markets, steady; weather in England, fine.
COTTON— Uplands, 5 13-16d.
CLOSING.
LONDON, Oct 15.-Consol*. 9S%@ 38 13-16. Sil
ver, 23%d. French rentes, 99f 77^cig99f 85c.
Cargoes on passage, easier and neglected h car
goes No. 1 Standard Calif ornla. Sis 6d; cargoes
Walla Walla, 30s; English country markets,
partly 6d cheaper; import Into U." K., wheat,
313.000 quarters; import into U.K.. Hour, 2S2.CO0
barrels;, wheat, and Hour on passage to U. K.,
2.330.000: wheat and flour on passage to Conti
nent. 1,220.000. . •- ¦ :
Foreign Markets.
Henry H. and Nellie J. Wood to Samuel P
Woodworth. lot on N line of Frederick "treet
36 W of Masonic avenue. W 30 bv N 5J- fin
Same to Eliza T. Wilson, lot commencing 90
N of- Frederick street and 36 W of Mn-lnnH.
avenue, W 30 by N 28:9; $10 Masonic
W !U!S m F " kapMge to Mary A. Lanidg* lot
100; also lot on W lln» of Lapldge street 4^
N f of Nineteenth. W 80. NE to Lapl^ B 3ot
Montgomery streets, S 45:6 by W 55- $"ooo
Estate of Catherine Wright (by Blrdll \f«t..»
executrix) to & J. HendyT lot on S Hn e^f rS,J
«treet. 183:4 W of Keamy. w 4510 by 3 6°^
also ,lot on N line of FrincLco street 6?-&,
E of Dupont. E 23:10% by N 65-9- rM50 h
John Butler to Johanna J. Butler (wif» i«»
Beco S n E d. "IBS S "^«
H*HSl£i to^ry £ : Bo7htn, k £
of Tehama street. 325 SW of First, SEr/b^ SW
son street. GO NE of E, 8 «. ; XB%tV&W
Muller to Catharine Muller lot on
N corner of Ellory (Ecker) and Federal fF«2i
wife or AmbroM A^, to James Noooan, lot oo
Robert R and Mary Hind to James Rolph
Jr., lot on SE corner of Ridley or Thirteenth
and South Broderick streets, E 100 by S 33-9*
block A, Spreckela subdivision blocks A. B and
D. Park Hill Homestead No 2- $10
? -> H A m e w M M Ml Bu'Wlng and Loan Association
to D. W. Montgomery, lot on S line of Call
l 0I l2-\ st ??}A 206:3 W of Fillmore. W 34:4$ by
F. H. and Mattle S. McCormick to Nellie and
J. H. Boege, lot on N line of Eleventh ave
nue, 123 W of M street. W 25 by N 100 block
209. Central Park Homestead: $10.
F. B. and May C. Yoakum to W. R. Lett,
lot on SE line of Maarid street, 183 SW of Sil
ver avenue, SE 100 by SW 75, block 33. same-
Frederick Bose to William R. Twamley, lot
on NW line of Naples street, 250 NE of Per
sia, NE 50 hy XW 100, block 43, Excelsior
Homestead; $10.
William R- Twamley to George P. Lauinger
same; $10.
John J. and Mary C. Winner to Fred B.
Surryhne, lot on NW line of Athens street. 250
NE of Persia. NE 25 by NW 100. block 64,
Excelsior Homestead; $10. -
Frank B. and Georgle C. Ryan to Belle Ryan,
lot on E line of Eleventh avenue. 100 N of Point
Lobos avenue, N 25 by E 120; gift.
Christina L. and John Lloyd to William M.
Plerson. lot on NE corner of Ninth avenue and
California street, E 32:6. N 100. E 87:6, N 25.
W 120. S 123; $10.
William M. and Anna R. Pierson to Robert
B. Mitchell, undivided 1-3 same; $10.
John McAdoo to Thomas G. Pllklngton and
Andrew W. Morton, lot on SE line of Tehama
street. 132 SW of First. SW 25 by SE 75; $10.
E. M. Morgan (by John Lackmann. Sheriff)
to H. L. Miller, lot on N line of Twenty-sixth
street. 2W E of Noe, E 20 b- N 114: $75.
Edward J. Vogel to. Robert J. Haskley. lot
on E line of Sanchez street. 30 N of Day. N
27:6 by E SO; $10.
Sophia and Phillip Alexander to Theresa
Alexander, lot on S line' of Washington street,
181:3 W of Broderick, W 25 by S 127:8^4; $10.
American Surety Company of New York to
Hyman and Isaac Wolf, lot on NE corner of
McAllister and Broderlck streets, E 62:6 by N
112:6; $10.
Sarah Fry to Caymus Investment Company
(a corporation), lot on NE corner of Fillmore
and Vallejo streets, E 207:6 by N 137:6; $10.
Jacob Welnshenk to Henri Fabregue. lot on
N line of Geary street. 137:6 E of Webster, E
27:6 by N 137:6; $10.
SCO Belcher 22 1200 Justice 08
300 Best & Belcher. 33 400 Mexican 39
150 Caledonia 43 900 Ophlr 86
300 Con Cal & V.I 274 200 Ophlr S?
200 Con Cal & V...1 25 700 Overman 11
400 Crown Point 16 600 Savage 33
300 Gould & Curry. IS 3CO Sierra Nevada. 37
200 Hale & Norcrs. 43 2C0 Silver Hill 40
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Afternoon Session
30OAlta 04, 2C0 Ophir S7
500 Bullion O5; 500 Ophlr 86
100 Caledonia 43 400 Ophir 89
300 Con Cal & Va..l 30 400 Overman 12
300 Con Cal & V.I 27H' 500 Potosi 25
300 Crown Point.... 17! 200 Potosi 24
300 Crown Point.... 16 ¦ 1600 Savage 35
500 Gould & Curry. S3 , 20O Savage 34
550 Gould & Curry. 82. 500 Scorpion 03
400 Gould & Curry. 81! 200 Sierra Nevada. 41
200 Gould & Curry. 80 i 200 Sierra Nevada. 3'J
400 Hale & Norcrs. 43| 200 Silver Hill 39
1000 Julia 04 1 4»X> Silver Hill 33
70O Mexican 41 200 Union Con 27
200 Mexican 42; 4C0 Union Con 26
200 Ophir SSj
Morning Session.
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
630 Belcher 24 300 Justice CS
400 Best & Belcher. 42 300 Mexican 43
500 Bullion 05 650 Ophir 89
200 Challenge 24 250 Ophlr 90
1C00 Chollar 28 6C0 Savage 36
1150 Con Cal & Va..l 30 1C0 Savage 35
IfrftO Con Imperial... 02 200 Sierra Nevada. 40
6"0 Crown Point.... IS 200 Silver Hill 3S
10O Gould & Curry. SZi .~> I'nlon Con 2S
10) Gould & Curry. 84 50 Union Con 27
200 Hale & Norcrs. 47 1C0 Utah 18
400 Hale & Norcrs. 45 300 Yellow Jacket.. 26
Afternoon Session.
100 Belcher 21 ! 200 Mexican „. 40
100 Best & Belcher. 38 10O Ophir 85
2W Bullion 06 200 Ophlr 85
100 Caledonia 43 200 Potosi 24
200 Chollar 28 350 Potosi 22
300 Chollar 27 100 Ravage 34
150 Chollar 26 100 Savage 35
300 Con Cal & Va..l 25 100 Sierra Nevada. 33
100 Oould & Curry. 77 400 Union Con..\... 27
300 Justice 08 100 Utah 15
Morning Session.
Following were the sales In the San Francisco
Stocl* and Exchange Board yesterday:
MINING STOCKS.
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board —
100 Cala-Standard 38
600 Cala-Standard 37
100 Four Oil Co -»4
725 Home Oil 4 60
10 Kern River 19 50
100 McKlttricl: Consolidated 70
22 Oil City Petroleum 35 00
10 San Joaquln Oil & Dev 8 00
23 Sterling O & D Co 2 97^
100 Sterling & D Co 3 00
100 Twenty-Eight 2 00
100 Twenty-Eight 1 95
Street —
100 Home Oil 4 So
, Afternoon Session.
Board —
100 Cala-Standard _ 35
700 Four Oil Co 42
200 Hoe Oil - 4 65
50 McKlttrick Consolidated 67
200 McKlttrick Consolidated 70
25 fan Joaquln Oil « D»v 8 23
200 Sterling O & D Co 3 00
150 Yukon 68
L A gntd 5s.. - 101 S P ofC6s(1905)
L A P K R 5s. — 102 (Series A)....107H —
Market-st 6s... 128 »23 • Do (Series BHOSH —
Do 1st M 5s..H7% - S P C 6» (1906)109HUO
KCNGB 7s. - 11314 Do (191271. ...1W U9
N R of Cal 63.113 115 SPB 1st gntd - -
Do 5s U6UU7 SPB 6s.. ....130 —
X P «"" R R 63.102 S V Water €s.ll3 113%
* Do 5s 107 — Do 4s — 103^,
N Cal Ry 6s... - 111 Do 3d mtg.. - loa
Oak G L & H.109^4 — Stktn Gas 63. .100 —
Oak Tran 6s...U6V;il7 .
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 69^4 71 Spring Valley. 94% —
Morln County. 51fr —
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent L & P Co 4 4H Pac L Co..... - 44U
Eqult O L Co. 3H 3?* Sac El G&RCo 33^ —
Mutual El Co. — 1H8F G& E.... oWi al
O G L & H.... 49 49% San Francisco. 5 »%
Pac Gas imp.. 5H4 - Stktn G & E C - 11
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Flrem'a Fnud.228 — (
BANK STOCKS.
Anglo-Cal Ltd. 6S - First Nationl..296 SCO
Bank of Cal.. .404 - Um P & A.... 134 -
Cal S & D T..104 — Merchnts" Ex.. la% —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L — 1900 . Sav & L, So... — 81
Hum S & L.. -'- I Sac Sav Bk.. - -
Mut Sav Bk.. 54 — Union T Co... — -
S F Sav U....515 —
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California ....123 — pSL&H — 45
Geary-st - - Presidio 14 22V,
Market-st 85 —
POWDER STOCKS.
California 150 165 Vlgorlt SH ZV,
Giant Con Co. 82»£ —
SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana S P Co. 7 7H Kilauea S PC — —
Haw C & S Co - 88 Makaweli S Co 43 43*,
Honokaa S Co. 30 — Onomea. S Co. 27% —
Ilutch S P Co. 24H — Paauhau S Co. 30 30%
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Al Pack Assn.124%123 Pac A F A.... 1\ -
Cal Fruit Asn. 98i4 - Pac C Bor Co.150 UV.a
Mer Ex Assn.. 97 10O Par Paint Co:. 12V4 —
Oceanic S Co.. — 93 ;
Morning: Session.
5 Alaska Packers' Association, cash ..1M 75
$2000 Contra Costa Water bonds l«b ta
100 S P Gas & Electric Co...... 51 00
160 S F Gas & Electric Co. s 30 51 00
50 S F Gas & Electric Co, s 60 61 Oo
100 S F Gas & Electric Co. cash al CO
200 Vigorit Powder * *17*
200 Vigorit Powder.' cash "'»
Street — ,,- f .
$3000 California-st R R bonds «J^
20 First National Bank 297 00
$5000 Northern Ry of Cal 5s }}^u.
$500 U S 3s. coup 110 1-^4
Afternoon Session.
23 Equitable Gas •" 3 62H
10 Hana Plantation Co J JJJ?
10 Hana Plantation Co, b 90 < l-^a
60 Hutchinson S P Co ¦»* l-s
35 Market-st Railway •» JJ
35 Merchants' Ex Bank Jf go
50 Pacific Gas Imp 51 I*
50 S F Gas & Electric Co ol CV
Street— ~__
$1000 Los Angeles Ry Bs • 1&> 00
Flour, qr Bks..'.V. 2S. 53d Sugar, bbls.; 372
Wheat ctis 10.21P I'ugar, sks... . 1,360
Barley, ctls 1.6fi0 Quicksilver, flsks 130
Oats, ctls ' 320 Hay. tons 821
Corn. East, ctls. 1.S0O Flops, bales 30
Phe«>ge, ctls 54 Mustard, sks 456
Butter, ctls : 124! Wool, bales 256
Tallow, ctls 360 Bran, sks 890
Chicory, bbls 10? Middlings, sks... 3S3
Lime, bbl* 45f Hides, No 708
Raisins, bxs 1.570 Pelts, bdls. ....... 124
Wine, gals 22,650 Onions, sks....... &«?
Leather, rolls.... 245 Potatoes, sks..... 13.895
Eggs doz 10.200 Beans, ska 8 510
; ; WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks 7.2S6 Flaxseed. sks.... 5,4<X5
Cornmeal. sks 400 Wool, bales.. 145
Bran, sks 130j '
FOR MONDAY, OCTOBER 15.
Receipts of Produce.
Crushed. 6.65c; Powdered, 6.25c; Candy Gran
ulated. 6.25c; Dry Granulated. 6.15c; Conlec
tlcners' A. G.15c; Magnolia A, 5.75c; Extra C.
6.65c; Golden C. 5.55c; barrels, 10c more; half
barrels, 25c more; boxes. SOc more; 60-lb bags,
10c more. No orders taken for less than 73 bar
rels or Its equivalent. Dominos. .half-barrels,
6.90c; boxes. 7.15c per lb.
COAL — Wellington, $3 per ton; t South
fleld Wellington. $»; Seattle. $7; Hryant. *7;
Gooa Bay. .$5 5o; AVallsend, $*; Co-operative
Wallsend, J3; Cumberland, $12 in bulk and $13 25
in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $11;
Cannel. $12 per ton: Coke. $15 per ton In bulk
and $13 In sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions.
$8 43 per 2000 lbs and $8 50 per ton, according
to brand..
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
BAGS— San Quentln Bags, $5 63; Calcutta
Grain Bags. 5%c; Wool Bags. 2SH@32Hc; Fleece
Twine, "He; Fruit Bags. 6Vs@65ic for white and
SUWi-\c tor bleached Jute.
General Merchandise.
TOHK- Live Hogs. 5%c for small. 5%@5\c for
medium and 5^65M:C for large; stock Hogs and
feeders, 6©5W,c; dressed Hogs, 7J4@S>4c.
LAMB— $®SVic per lb.
Previous quotations rule.
BEEF— enitiVjC (or Steers and 5@5Hc per lb for
Cows.
VEAL— Large. 7@Sc; small. S^@9c per lb
ML'TTON— Wethers, 7@7Vic; ewes, 6%®7o per
pound.
San Francisco Meat Market.
WOOL— Spring clip Is quotable as follows:
Northern, free. 15<gl6c: Northern, defective 12®
ltc; Middle County, free. 14O16c; Middle Coun
ty, defective, 12014c; Southern Mountain. 12
months'. 9©10c: Southern Mountain, free, 7
months'. 115112c: Southern Mountain, defective,
7 months'. Sft'llc: Humboldt and Mendoclno. 16
©17c: Nevada. 13fflCc per lb.
Fall Clip— San Joaquln. 6%@Sc: do Lambs' 8
©9c; Middle County, 9gllc per lb.
HOPS— lltt@Mttc per lb.
HIDES AMP SKINS— Culls .and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
SUers, 0S3Hc; medium. SU e ; light, 8c; Cow
hides. Sc: . Stags. 6c; Salted Kip. 8c; Salted
Veal, Sc; Salted Calf. 9c; Dry Hides. 15@l5V4c;
cullB, 12@13c; Dry Kip, 15c; Dry Calf, 15®l6c;
culls and brands, I2jrl3c; Sheepskins, Shear
lings, I»fi25c each; short Wool. 30*3400 each
medium. 50@70c; long Wool, 75c^$l each- Horse
Hides, salt. $2(S2 25 for large. $1 75 for medium
It for small and 50c for colts; Horse Hides
dry, $1 50 for large. $1 25 for medium, $1 for
small and 23!ijoOc for colts. Deerskins— Summer
or. red skins. 35c; fall or medium skins, 30c;
winter or , thin skfns, 17%@20c. Goatskins
Prime Angoras. 75c; large and smooth, 50c;
medium, 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4@4Hc p er lb; No.
2,- 3«i3>/iC; grease. 2(fi2Hc.
COTTOLENE — One-half barrel. S%c; three
half-barrels. EHe; one tierce. S%c; two tierces
S^-ix 1 ; five tierces, SHc per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
CUKED MEATS — Bacon. ll%c per lb for
heavy, 12c for light medium, 13V4c for light.
Me for extra light and lnVfcc for sugar cured;
Eastern Eugar-cured Hams, 12c; Mess Beef
$12 50 per bbl: extra Mess. $13 50; Family'
$14 10: extra Prime Pork. $15 50: extra clear
J19; Mess. $16 50; Smoked Beef. 12>4ig-13c per lb.'
LARD— Tierces quoted at C%c per lb for com
pound and 9 ] ;ic for pure; half-barrel3, pure
•JMc: 10-lb tins. lOUc: 5-Ib tins, 10%e.
Cured MeatiTare meeting with a very fair
demand at unchanged prices.
ProzAsions.
HONEY— Ccmb. 13H@14'ac for bright and 12>4
itlZc for l'eht amber; water white, extracted
l\<n$c; light amber, extracted. "4J7V4c; dark, 6
QCHc per- ib.
DEESWAX-24SI6 per lb.
NUTS— Chestnuts. 10®12l4c per lb; Walnuts.
No. 1 softshell. lie; No. 2. Sc: No. 1 hardshell.
10c; No. 2. 7V»e: Almonds. 15-g:i6c for paper
shell, 31Q12>4c for softshell; Peanuts. B(?»6c for
Eastern; Brazil Nuts. 13c; Filberts, 13c; Pecans,
llfiJSc: Cocoanuts. J3 SOiTir,.
RAISINS— The Rais"n Growers' Association
has ¦ e^tabii«hpd the fellowing prices for the
epacon ot 1500: Bleached Thompson's fancy. 12c
per lb; cho!<-p. lie; standard. 8-\c; prime. Sc:
unbleached Thcmpsor.'a. 9c per lb. Sultanas —
Fancy, 10^c ppr lbr choice, 9^c; standard, 8%c;
prliT.e fc; unbleached Sultanas, Sc; Seedless.
f.O-lb boxes, 6^:c; 2-crown Joose Muscatels, 6c;
3-crnwn. f.Vjc; (-crown, 7c; London Layers. 2
crown. $1 50 per box; 3-crown. $1 60; Fancy
Clusters, $2; Dehesa, J2 50; Imperial, $3. All
pricts f.o.b. at common shipping points in Cali
fornia.
FRUITS— Prunes. Santa Claras, 4 sizes, 3c;
10-ICs, 7c; 50-6Cs, o'ac; 60-70s, 3*ic; 70-SOs. 3^c:
SC-9Cs. 2^0; 90-lOCs, 2Vic; ICOs and over. 2c; ru
bles. ><ic premium: Sonomas, He and San Joa
quins. >-iq less than Santa Claras, except 100a
and over,; which stand t*ie same. Apricots. 6@
Sc. for P.iyp.is nnd m^i'V.c for Moornarks;
Evaporated Apples, AliS.'i'-ic; sun-dried, 2>i@4c;
Peaches. 4Sft;K; for standard. b^Gfc for choice
iT«ti',5<-; unpltted, lfllHc; Nectarines, 54i5'.^c for
red and* fiufffic for white.
-This market Is getting tame! The summer
fruits are coins out and the Orange season
has not commenced, though a Stray lot of new
Navels comes alons now and then. Lemons
end Limes are- In free supply and weak. Ap
plec, too, f,wm to be weakening off again, and
lh« - sidewalks are piled with them. Winter
Pears are slow. Grapea show no change
worthy of note. Melons are lower.
DKCiOLoUfc rRLiT—
APPLES— 25«P0c per box for common and
60<59Oc for good to choice; Splteenbergs. 90c@$l.
PEAKS— \V inter Nellis, 'oucx«»l; Cook.in*
Pears, 25 | Q63c per box.
• QUINCES— 2.V5?CCr per box.
PERSIMMONS— 60(0 85c per box.
F.IGS — 35ciii$l per ordinary box.
BLACKBERniES-?;W7 per chest.
CKANtHSriniKS— Cape Cod, *»»8 50; Coos
Bay. tffi 2 21 i er box.
STRAWBERRIES— $3<rT4 50 per chest for
larpo and *7id8 for berries.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 6@7c per lb.
HASl'UKhlUKS- $:>fa6 ptr chest.
POMEGRANATES— 30(575c per small box and
$1 MfSS ">'j per larg^ box.
PLUMP- 2:.f/Cuc r.er box.
GRAPES — Muscat. 23(75 6."<- per box and crate;
black, 3."tfi6Sc; Tokays. 30£i(>Sc; Isabella. 60<SS5c:
Ccrntchon, Wine Grapes. SCO'sysz 50 for
white, $20023 for Mission and $23Q26 per ton
for ZIn'andel.
MELONS — XutmcRs. t'O^SOc per case; Canta
loui>ep. 75c»f$r50 per crate; Watermelons, $5<g}~15
per 100/
pITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, S4@4 50;
Seedling Oranges, Tacg'Ji; Valencias, |2@4;
Lemons, $11:1 50 for common and $2523 for good
to< choice; Mexican Limes, $4@4 50; Bananas,
$1 2C®2 50 per bunch; Pinea.pples. $1 50@3 50 per
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Storage coeds — 22%<g24c.
CHEESE— Xew, HSll^d ° I(J - , 1Oc: ,, r T ° uns
America, llS?12c; Eastern, 13HS14C; Western,
10((M2c per lb. '¦ . „„
EGGS— Quoted at 20@25c for store and 33®
3Sc per dozen for ranch; Eastern, lS@25c.
Butter is weak and more or less la being put
Into cold Etoraee. to get It out of the way.
Trices reiraln unchanged. Stocl^ are heavy
as a rule.
BUTTER- „ _ „
Creamery— Fancy - Creamery, ac. Btc ~
onds. ,27#27i4e. -,.«.„.
Dairj-— Fancy, 25@26c; good to choice. 23®24c;
common, 2'Jig'22c. ~: '-'--¦'.--¦-
Creamery tub— 20@2%c per '"•
Pickled roll— 19£21c.
Firkin— lSifi 19c.
Same owner with M. C. Lynch (contractor),
architect same— Carpenter and mill work, lath
ing, plastering, metal wod;. hardware, glass
and glazing, mantels, tiling, hardwood, etc..
for same on same: $l4.3ft).
Same owner with D. Zellnsky (contractors,
architect same— Painting, graining, tinting ar.d
varnishing for same on same; $1100.
Ida Brown (owner) with James S. Fennel!
(contractor), architect Jl J. Lyon— Brick work,
excavation, chimneys, etc.. for a 2-8tory attio
and basement frame residence on lot on V."
line of Van Ness avenue, 90:6 X of Broadway,
N 47 by W 105:3: $3000.
Builders* Contracts.
Annie M. lleyer (widow) to I. L. Saxton. lot
on NW line of Fifteenth avenue, 56 XK ot East
Sixteenth street. NE 28. NAV S2.39, STV 2S. (J. SB
57.99 to beginning, being portions of lots 1, 2
ami 3, block 3:'. on Freeman's map of San An
tonio," East Oakland; 110.
Xiels P. Nelson to Niels J. Xlelson. lots 1*
and 15, Mock 0. Shattuck Tract, snap 4. Berke
ley; $100.
Nicholas Muller to Catharina Muller, lot on
PW corner of Santa Clara avenue and Bay
street. W 70 by S 130. fcelns lots 11 and 12 and
portions of lots 10. 13 and 14. block IS. on map
of Fitch Homestead Tract. Alameda; also lot
on SW line of Santa Clara avenue, 230 SE of
Chestnut street. SE l/> by SW 207:6. Alameda:
also lot on W line of Bay street. 150 3 of Santa
Clara avenue. S 50 by W Io0. being lota 15 and
lfi block 13, Fitch Homestead Tract. Alameda:
gift.
H S. and Laura S. Haseltlne to Hannah F.
Skimmings, lot 33. map of University Villa
Tract. In plat 77. Rancho V. and D. Peralta.
Berkeley; $.ViO.
Henry and Matilda Pedersen to E. W. Gordon,
lot on S line of Grant street. 150 TV of Union.
W 50 by S 100. lots 13 and 14. block H, new
town of Lynn. East Oakland (subject to a
mortgage for $SCO); $10.
H. B. Van Patfen to Home Building Com
pany, lot 13, on Map of Orchard Tract. Brook
lyn Township; $10.
Lorenzo Vtman to same. th» W 13 feet of lot
IS and E 20 feet cf lot 19. of subdivision A, oa
Map of Frultvale Terminal Tract, Brooklyn
Township; $10.
V. R. and J. A. Parker to same, lot on W
line Of Second street. 310 X of Jones avenue. N
40 by W 100. portion of block J. on Map of
Fame. Brooklyn Township; $10.
Andrew and Jane C. Jones to Antonio V
Alves, lot 7, block G. on Map of Andrew Jones'
subdivision of Brooklyn Township, Brooklyn,
Townsnlp: grant.
Theresa. J. Landrearan. administratrix estata
of Roser Landr^an (by w. S. Harlow, com
missioner) to Union Savings l:ank, lot on X7
llr.e of San Pablo avenue. 57 N of Ocean ave
nue, N 50 by W 100, beln< lot 2, block IX Lan
drf-Kan Tract, Oakland; $1082.
Jose D. and Marsellna C. Ramos to Antona
D. Vlelra. lot on SW line of Watktns street.
51:10 NW of Deane, NW 30:9 by SW Cl towa
of Hay wards. Eden Townshlo: $300.
tlzens ' Bul'dine and Loan Association to
Ullbert Wvman. lot on NE line of East Elev
en™ street. S3 SE of Twenty-flfth awnae, SB
1M by NE 100. being Iot3 17 to 21. and portion
or lot 22. block F. Knowles and Potter subdl
™-1 n .. Ke nnedy Tract. East Oakland: $H>.
William H. a^a Mary McCrath and \V. F.
OLanlon (by Clarence Crowe'.l, commissioner)
to Oakland Eulldlng and Loan Assocation. lot
?£•«£. «ir n $ n? f Eaat Twenty-second street.
J,,,;r-» E of Twenty-third avenue. SE 33:4 by
bW loO. Dortlon of block G. subdivision Fifty.
Associates' Tract. East Oakland; $1130.
\\. /. and Mercta O. Kins to Paul S. Coke,
lot on b line of Bancroft way, 128.3U W of Shat
tuck avenue. W CO by S 130. being lot 7. blocic
I. Darker Tract. Berkeley; $10
Henry A. and Christine S. Pleltner to John
J. ana Anna Amlrrson. lot on E line of Kas
sett street. 337:6 N of Lloyd avenue. N 37-8 by
E 190. lot 21. and portion of lot 20. block B.
Frultvale Station Tract. Brooklyn Township;
"William ami Agnes G. Mann to Fenton O.
and Annie Thompson, lot on W line ot Grova
street. 170 N of Thirty-eifihth, N 25 by W 123,
helse the N half of lot 11. block C. Apgar
Tract. Oakland: ilO.
Henry Barkmeyer to Roger and Antoinette
ualton, lot on NW 11ns of Nutley avenue, S3
NET of Harman. NE 73 by NW 100. Iota 6. 7
and 8. block 36, Red Rose Tract. B-.ookiyn
Township; $10.
Alameda County.
SW line of Fot3om avenue. 250 SB of Folsorrr
street; also lot 1S2:6 NE of Eighth street. SH
2> by SW 62:6; $10.
Adam Sweigert to Dora C. Bellls^. lot on B
line of Prospect avenue, 73 N Oi Henrietta
street. N 25 by E 70, lot 1C2. Jacob Herman's
subdivision of Cobb Tract; $10.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1900.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
. Local stocks and bonds ; were dull on the
Bond Exchange and prices showed no particu
lar chang*. -
There was a fair business in the oil stocks
The American Fuel Oil Company will pay
a dividend of 1 cent to-day.
The following were ex-divldend yesterday
California Safe Deposit. . $1 50: Oakland, Sax.
Leandro and Haywards Railroad, 20 cents; Pre
sldlo Railroad, 10c. ¦ -
Con. Cal. and . Va. has levied an assessment
of 25 cents.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY, Oct. 15-2:30 p. m.
. --.: \ UNITED STATES BONDS
4s quar coup...U4U115\i 4s do cp (new).l$4 13414
4» do reg 114^115^4 3s do coup.... .110 _^«
' .• MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay Co P Co..l02«4 — Oak Water 59.10274 _
Cal-st Cab,5«..118tt _ Oceanic S3 Ss.107%108
C C Water 5s..lO6Vil07t; Om C R 6s. ..1252 —
¦r^c,vfe;, : z ?**»«*-
Geary-st R Ss. — — P & O R R 6s 115 — •
H C & S 5tfs.. - • - Powell-st R 6s.U7H -
1 D 5> «J-i 100 -A I Sao L G&R 88.100H —
LA Lt Co 6s.,— 103 S R of Cal 6a — _
Do gntd 6a... — — , s P or A fia*.. .11114 —
THE STOCK MARKET.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
8
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
«¦. Steamers leave Broadway
| •' wharf, San Francisco:
wS**^_ F° r Alaskan Ports— 11 a. m..
wv^SSk. Oct - 13> 1S - 23 - 2S - Nov - 2 -
i ICv'f*^^ 1 *''^ I'hanK" t.i company's nt-^arri-
if5Tli»S\*^ ers at Seattle.
£«MyV33 \\i For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
fMiCSjjaU C). Port Townsend, Seattle.
¦ f***?2fli?.? 4 ', Tacoma. Everett. Anacortea
j t< and New Whatcom (Wash. )—
, 11 a. m., Ot-t. 13. IS. 23. ;«.
i Nov. 2. and every fifth day thereafter. Chang»
j at Seattle to this company's steamers for
; Alaska and G. N. Ry. : at Seattle or Tacoma
I to N. P. Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
I For Eureka. Humboldt Bay — 2 p. m.. Oct.
i 15. 20. 25, 30. Nov. 4, and every ttfth day tliere-
! after.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
i ford (San Luis Oblspo>. Santa Barbara, Port
i Ix>s Angeles and Redondo (1*03 Angele»> — 11 a.
j m.. Oct. 12. 16. 2(V. 2t, 2S, Nov. 1. and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cayn-
| cos. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo). Gaviota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport— 9
I a. m.. Oct. 14. 19, 22. 26, 30. Not 3. and every
) fourth day thereafter.
| For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose d?l
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
! and Guaymas (Mexico.) — 10 a. m., 7th ot each
| month.
i For further Information obtain company's
folders. \ '
The comrany reserves the right to chango
' steamers, jailing dates and hours of sallies
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street tPalace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE D. R. & N. CO.
MSPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
IE 3 O IR- T L Ji. UXT ID
From Srear-street Wharf at 10 A. M.
CADC S12First Class. Including Berth
iHnt $8 Second Class. and Meals.
COLUMBIA sails Oct. 15. 25, Nov. 4
STATE OF CALIFORNIA saJln Oct. 20. 30
Short Line to Walla Walla. Spokane, Butte.
Helena and all points in the Northwestl
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agant
S3f) Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner Fi«t and Bran nan streets, at 1 p. m.
fcr YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, ami
connecting at Hongkong with steamers far In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of salting.
SS. AMERICA MARU./.
Wednesday. October 17 X9tfl
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Tuesday. November 13. 1300
SS. NIPPON MARU..»
Thursday, December «. 19C0-
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rat»». For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
O Market street, coroer-^f First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
H1W YORK, SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON, PARIS.
Stopplnsr at Cherbourg, westbound
From New York Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
St. Louis Oct. 24|St. Lonl.t Nov. 14
New York Oct. 3l!.N*ew York Nov. *1
St. Paul Nov. 7 St. Paul Nov. 23
RED STAR LINE.
New York and AnlwerD.
From NcWYork Every Wednesday, 12 nfton.
Kensington Oct. 24jSouthwark Nov. 14
! Noordland Oct. 3u V esteroland ...Nov. 21
| Frlesland Nov. «. Kensington Nov. 3
For freleht and passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
30 Montgomery *t. Or any of Its agents.
70iIPAG?nS GEN?RAlr3 TIMNSATuANTIQCS.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARI3. -^^
Sailing every Thursday. Instead of <<«(rr!V
Saturday from November 2. 1S3D. at -*j> i - i *iit2»
10 a. m.. from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton street. LA LORRAINE. Oct. 13; LA
BRETAGNE. Oct. 25; LA TOURAINE. Nov.
1; L'AQUITAINE. Nov. 8. First class to Havre.
ZZ and upward. Second class to Havre. J42 ".<»
and upward. GENERAL. AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES anrt CANADA. 32 Broadway
?Hudson building). New York. J. F. FUGAZX
& CO.. Pacific Coast Acents, 5 Montgomery
avenue. San Francisco.
0CEAX1C S. 9. CO — HONOT.trT.tr, APIA
AICKI.AM) ANI> SYI>N£Y.
SS QUEEN (Honolulu only)
Wednesday. October 17. 2 p. m.
SS. ALAMEDA to New Zealand and Aus-
tralia Wednesday. October 31. 9 d. m
SS. AUSTRALIA to Tahiti
Thursday, November 1. 8 d. in.
i. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts.. 643 Market St
Pier 7. Foot PaciPc St. Freight Office. 327 Market St
BAY AND RTVER STEAMERS.
FOR U. S .NAVY-YARD andlVAILLEJO
Steamer "Montlceilo."
MON.. Tues Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:«
a. m. 3:U 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. nisht): Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 am.*
&. m -^. Landln 5 , and °«*ce. Mission-street Dock!
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508.
FARE .». , a.SUPERVISOR CHARLES WES
LEY REED. WHO OPPOSED
DELAY IX WATER INVESTI
GATION.
Jury Fixes Attorney's Fees.
A Jury In Ju.2ge Hunt's court found a
verdict ycstcrOay i n favor of the law
f.rm of Boyd & . Fifidd and arainst th*
Joshua Henfl,- Machine Works The
plaintiffs eued for *o*) for professional
¦ervtoes rendered at the Instance ot the
CtXcndant vrixh the result elated.
ley Water Company.
Third — The last investigation was Just such
an Investigation as has, been held heretofore ai>
a matter of course and which had been de
nounced by the- President of this board and the
Democratic party as being perfunctory and use
less. Unless we take time we cannot hold a
better one this year. •
Fourth-rWe see .at the present time the local
water company In Oakland fighting the rate6
established by the City Council on the ground
that there has been no sufficient Investigation
by the Counclimen. Do the Supervisors desire
to allow the Spring Valley Water Company
such an advantage in case they shall fight the
ordinance we shall finally pass in- February?
Fifth— The Democratic platform declares "it
is notorious that . the stock and bonds of the
Spring Valley Company had been Issued In ex
cess of the actual money invested; that.prop
erty la belt} upoa which the public pays rates
Anticipating that the Hve-mlnute rule will be
invoked against my addressing the board I de
elro to read the following reasons for referring
the Investigation Into the real value of the
Spring Valley Water Company's property to
the Public Utilities Committee.
FlrBt— Tbe beard is pledged In the words of
the Democratic platform "to Institute a search
ing Investigation of .the operating expenses and
Into the real value of the water corawiny'i
property used for the water supply of this city,
and to allow not more than 5 per cent on the
stock representing such real value thus deter
mined."
Second — The first investigation held by - this
board was not "searching." It was all in
favor of the water company. Supervisor Tobin
said to me at the conclusion of tbe last inves
tigation that he recognized that iw« had : pre
sented no evidence in our f avox. | It was all in
favor of tbe rate askel tor by the gyring Val-
REED'S statement, explaining his reasons for placing the lm-esUgation of the value of the Spring Valley "Water
Company's system Into the hands of the Public Utilities Committee, which he read yesterday during the heated
debate, in" which Mayor Phelan was a star performer, contains some interesting data, regarding the status of the
water question. The Supervisor characterizes the last inquiry made by the present board as useless and perfunc
tory and he demonstrates why a satlsfa ctory investigation is impossible by the full board. The statement follows:
that In nowise is used In supplying the city and
county with water, and that lands had been
acculred tn exclude possible competition; and
if these Items be eliminated the public will
gain substantial relief."
Is it possible that the members of this board
think they can prove this portion of the plat
form true In ten or a doien meetings of the
full Board of Supenlsors. when It Is a moral
certainty that the time will be fully consumed
by/ th« eloquence of members on" points of
order?
Sixth— A minute Investigation Is necessary.
For Instance. It will be essential to appraise
every Diece of land held by the. company in
order' to decide if it -is actually used for the
supplying of water to the city or merely held
aa a speculation for the future.. Can the full
board investigate this work? Take the single
case ¦ of IJaks i Merced. "A large i>art - of ¦ the
watershed is not used by the company. How
THE STATEMENT THAT CAUSED ALL THE ROW
the Investigation. Why does he 6o th!s? Why
do the Supervisors fellow his !ead? After the
Supervisors had resolved to meet as a coir.ir.it
tee of the whole to investigate water rates
the Mayor directs the clerk to Inform the mem
bers that no meeting will be held. What au
thority has the Mayor to thus adjaum a meet
ing of the board? The work of the Public
I'lllitle* Committee will harm no one and it
might help the c'.ty. I: might red^m the
party's pledges. But no, the same perfunctory
Investigation that has characterized former
Hoards of Supervisors Is again t» take place.
I wish tr> recall to the boar-1 the fact that
wh'n the last water rate was declared the Su
pervisors admitted that no practical investiga
tion had been maJe — that the platform, of the
Democratic party had not been k»pt — but it
was said that during the year a proper investi
gation should be ma-Ie and money appropriated
for the purpose.
At that time it was pointed put that th«
al!egred reduction was a pure "fake." ilr.
Schussler testified that the revenues of the
company had Increased 3 per cent beyond what
had been anticipated at the time the rates
had been fixed by the preceding Board of Su
pervisors, and that he anticipated more than a
5 per cent increase for the coming year, daa
to new consumption of water.
We made a 10 per cent cut on the house
holders* rates established by the last board,
vrhlch Is almost exactly 7*4 per cer.t of the net
Income of the company. It3 gross Income
will be 19 per cent larger this year than wxs
anticipated at the time the old board passed
the ordinance fixing the water rates, according
to Mr. Schussler. Hence there has been an,
actual Increase of 2H per cent of the revenues
of the company. If we could make a T^i per
cent cut in the revenues of the company every
two years, -while its gross income Increased at
the rate of 10 per cent every two years, the
lecomt of the company would Increase at the
rate of S^i per cent until the end of time. This
is why I say that the alleged reduction made
by this board was a "fake." It the schedule
was prepared Intelligently it was a betrayal of
the people. If It was not done knowingly It
only shows how necessary It is to have a tlior
ovgh and "searching" investigation.
Gentlemen, our pledges have not been kept.
This question Js the parting of tho ways, as
It always Is in the Board of Supervisors. Shall
we have an investigation, or shall toe people
learn to distrust this board aa they nave aU
tbe boards la tbe part?
much of the valuation of the rancho should be
excluded, and what shall be placed on what is
left? This wilt take a day's time at least In
actual Inspection of the premises. Will the
full board devote this time to> the matter?
Seventh— A thorough lnvestijation Into the
real value of the Spring Valley Water Com
pany's property Is necessary in order P> make
a r>rot>er recommendation as to the wlvlom of
bnrlES the Srrlnjt Valley Water Company, or
of bringing a supply of water from the Sierras.
If our engineers report that It will cost 123,-
Ono.TttO to brlnjr a given quantity of water from
LaUe Tahoe or from the Tuolumne or Stanls
lauc rivers, how can we decide to recommend
the adoption of such a plan unless we know th*
actual value cf the Spring: Valley Water Com
pany's property? The Spring Valley Water
Company's property is unquestionably the nat
ural s-.iDPly of San Francisco, because of its
proximity to the. city. What sense Is there In
appropriating $30,000 for the use of the Public
Utilities Committee in examining available
water tupplles, If the Investigation of the near
est and most available Is to be taken away
from it? This Is an investigation into the value
of the Serin* Valley Water Company's prop
erty and ¦will assist a water committee In ar
rivlrs at a just water -schedule. It is in no
seaie usurping the functions of that commit
tee.
Eighth — It appears that there fs a determined,
and so far successful, effort being made under
the leadership of the Mayor to prevent any
adequate investigation Into the water com
pany's affairs. This will necessarily block the
observance of the pledge made by the Super
visors to the people at the time of their nomi
nation. A pledge has been given to the people
to make a searching investigation. That work
was assigned to a committee consisting of Mr.
Jennings. Mr. Hotallng. Mr. McCarthy. Mr.
Connor. Mr. Dwyer and myself. It was en
larged especially to tajte up this investigation.
Ite members have been carefully preparing
themselves for months to quality themselves to
discharge tbe duties cast upon them by the
board.
There la no question made of the ability of
the committee and no other committee has
taken or desires to take any step in the mat
ter. AH of the acts and recommendations of
the Public Utilities Committee have been
unanimously approved by the 'Board of Super
visors. At this Juncture the Mayor returns
from foreign lands aad by bis lsfiueo.ee stops
In the Divorce Court.
Lena Barrera was granted a dlvorca
yesterday from Alvino Barrera on the
ground of desertion. Margaret "Welch
has been granted a divorce from John
T. Welch for desertion. Suits for divorco
were fi!ed yesterday by Susie D. Winckel
man aealnst Robert "Wlnckelman for cru
elty: Ruth D. "Walker against John
Walker for cruelty: May G. "Walters
against William J. Walters for failure to
provide; Nori T. Jorgenson against
Adolph Jorgenson for failure to provide:
Helen L. Flynn against H. 11. Flynn for
cruelty, and Louise Fenkhausen against
Caeser Fenkhausen for desertion.
WALMSLEY PREPARES
TO SAIL FOR EUROPE
Dr. Amy Bowen. dentist in the Murphy
building, called upon . Captain Seymour
vesterday. She said she was an intimate
friend of Robert Walmsley and she had
seen the dispatch from New York in yes
terday's papers stating that he had been
found wandering around Willlamsburg
and bad been taken to the hospital for the
insane. She wanted to know if anything
could be done for him. Captain Seymour
sent a dispatch to Captain MeCluskey.
New York, asking him to do what he
could for the old man. He lives at 1146
Folsom street and owns some property.
His wife died about six months ago and
since then he has been somewhat de
menteO. He was on his way to Europe
on a visit.
Captain of Detectives Seymour last
night received the following dispatch
from New York relative to the temporary
detention of Walmsley:
Walmsley badly demented. Sails for Europe
tn-iaorrow mcrningr. Has ticket and draft for
1*0 pounds and valuable reapers.
GEORGE McCLUSKET.
Captain Detective Bureau.
Walmsley has a son-in-law residing In
Manchester. England, and it is supposed
that the old man is on his way to see him.
WOULD MAKE SCHOOL
ATTENDANCE COMPULSORY
The Board of Kducatlon distributed
yesterday the new act which is to be in
troduced at the next session of the Legis
lature regarding the compulsory educa
tion of children.
The proposed act has received the in
dorsement of the State Educational Com
mission and of the County Superintend
ents. While stringent In its demands, it
Is not as severe as an act of the same
character which is in force in many East
ern States. Among other reasonable pro
visions is one permitting the non-attend
ance of pupils whose parents can prove
their Inability to support them.
Section 1 calls for at least five months*
attendance cn the part of each child.
Section 2 provide* that any parent or
guardian not compelling their children to
attend school shall be guilty of a
misdemeanor and subiect to a fine not
mere than $10, or five days' Imprisonment,
or both. And for each subsequent of
fense a fine of not less than $10 or more
than Jort shall be imposed, or imprison
ment of from five to twenty-five days.
RESIDENTS OF STJNSET
DISTRICT ABE PLEASED
Property Owners Satisfied With Their
Treatment at the Hands of
Officials.
The property owners of Sunset district
are gTeatly pleased with the improve
ments that have been made in their dis
trict of late. The pathway and tunnel
leading to the new music stand In Golden
Gate Park is a source of much satisfac
tion to the residents of th^ district. The
Nineteenth avenue entrance has been
greatly improved by the planting of
grass, which acts &s a preventive to tho
drifting of sand. "Water and gas mains
have been laid as far west as the Nine
teenth avenue boulevard, greatly enhanc
ing the value of the property in the dis
trict. The property facing on Nineteenth
avenue boulevard and Twentieth avenue,
is to be sold In subdivisions by a real es
tate firm that has done a great deal for
the district. It Is expected that the
School Board will soon make use of the
property on the east side of the avenue,
between I and J streets, and erect there
on a schoolhouse for the children of the
district. --
At the request of the property owners
it was recently ordered by the Board of
Supervisors that twelve hydrants be
placed in the district under the super
vision of Chief Sullivan. For protection
against fire all that would be necessary,
once the hydrants are placed, would be
the addition of a number of new fire
alarm boxes and the erection of a build-
Ing for a fire company, which is greatly
needed in the district.
The residents of Sunset district are ably
represented by an executive committee,
composed of the following: Edward
Ewald, Louis Lipman. C. G. Larsen,
Richard Keller and Charles W. Pope.
The scathing arraignment by Supervi
sor Reed of Mayor Phelan and his cohorts
in the board for their dilatory tactics in
connection with the water-rate investiga
tion provoked considerable acrimonious
discussion and bitter debate at yester
day's meeting of the Supervisors. In the
course of a severe denunciation of the
high-handed action of his Honor In hav
ing arranged a postponement of the in
vestigation with a coterie of City Fathers
who are In open sympathy with his policy
Reed gave expression to several disagree
able truths, which was resented by Phe
lan. The latter, forgetting. In the heat of
argument, that he is the city's chief ex
ecutive, and. losing his temper, as he has
done several times in the past, said
things which can only cause him vain re
gret.
Phelan passed the lie to Reed and ac
cused him of being in a conspiracy with
the newspapers to impugn his motives
and those of the board by ascribing to
them an unwillingness to reduce water
rates to be charged the people of San
Francisco.
Rted did not mince words with Mayor
Phelan, who seemed to have left his offi
cial dignity at norne or some other place.
The tilt was lively while it lasted, and
when hostilities came to an end for the
time being it was found that the Super
visors were evenly divided on the point at
issue.
The vote was on a resolution intro
duced by Reed, who felt that he had been
slighted", when the preliminary Investiga
tion into- the value of the Spring Valley
Water Company was taken away from
the Committee on Public Utilities, of
which he Is chairman. The resolution
provided for the recommittment of the
investigation to his committee, which he
claimed to have been deprived of the
work at the Mayor's behest. It was as
follows:
Whereas, On the 10th day of July. 1900. the
Board of Supervisors formally directed the
Committee on Public Utilities to begin an In
vestigation into the real value of the Spring
Valley Water Company's property, whlcn »h
v«?fcti»ration was s'Jb»pqu*-ntly delayed upon the
ground that the work should be taken ud by
the entire Board of Sui.>er\ lsor?. and Thurs
day. th<? lUh day of October, was set as the
time for beginnlriK the Investigation by the said
board; and whereas, at the fiaid time only two
Supervisors were present, and It is now appar
ent that no "tearching investigation of the
operating expense*" and Into the real value of
the water company's property used for the
supj.ly cf this city" can be had by a full board
because of the impossibility of getting a full
board to meet as often as the exigencies of
such an Investigation will require, now. there
fore, be it
Resolved. That the matter of the Investiga
tion of th» real value of the Spring Valley
Water Company's property used In supplying
the city with water be. re-referred to the Com
mittee on Public Utilities, which shall have the
use of the services of the stenographic reporter
of this board, and the clerk is directed to issue
the necessary pubpenas for persons and papers
at the direction of the said committee.
The "Water Committee had reported that
it was decided at its meeting on October
11. 1W». to meet on Friday. December 7,
1900, to begin the investigation and to
meet thereafter until the investigation
is completed. Chairman Connor of the
committee explained that the Spring Val
ley Company had filed an inventory of all
its property, except real estate, and City
Engineer Grunsky was now placing valu
ations thereon. Reed objected to the
delay and Connor said in rather an ex
cited manner: " •:
"I desire to set myself right before the
people as certain strictures on my at
titude have appeared in public print. I
think that in December we will arrive at
a conclusion as to the valuation of the
plant which will be satisfactory to every
one and be an equitable solution of the
question."
Supervisor McCarthy stated that he
still believed that the Utilities Committee
was better able to carry on the investi
gation than the full board. He said that
the chairman of the Committee on Public
Utilities is more competent to direct the
Investigation than any member of the
board.
Supervisor Comte quoted a court deci
sion that a committee investigation with
out the concurrence of the board was
void.
"That committee." said Comte. "has ar
rogated to itself a jurisdiction that does
not belong to it. The law requires that
the Hoard of Supervisors shall Inquire
Into and fix the water rates. If the com
mittee should carry on the investigation
and the board made no inquiry on its own
account the Spring Valley Water Com
oanv could have the order vacated."
McCarthy could see no difference be
tween delegating the power to the com
mittee of the whole and to the Committee
on Public Utilities. To a question by
Dwyer the Mayor said the purport of
Reed's resolution was to fix water rates,
but Reed replied that It was only intend
ed to ascertain the real value of the
Spring Valley plant. After the resolu
tion was read again Mayor Phelan said
that no matter what the language of the
resolution was its ultimate purpose was
to fix the water rates.
"The chairman of the committee will
not disavow it." said his Honor.
"I will certainly disavow any evasion of
the party platform which met with the
approval of the president of this board
and Its members." retorted Reed. "The
matter of fixing water rates is subsidiary
to ascertaining values. The water-rate
Investigation last February was a perfect
farce. Our Inexperience was only too ap
parent. This resolution will permit your
committee to go ahead and preserve the
integrity of the administration and make
an Investigation in line with the acquisi
tion of public utilities, the most important
of wheh is water. The Mayor of the mu
nicipality has no right to obstruct or de
lay this investigation. This committee
has the confidence of the board, which
was shown by an appropriation of $30,000
for the Investigation of water systems."
Connor then directed attention to a
resolution passed recently directing the
Board of Public Works to carry on water
Investigations.
"I will stand with you." said Connor,
excitedly addressing Reed. "We have re
duced rates to the extent of $154,000 to the
people of' this city, and I am willing to
go further."
Reed said that by reason of increased
consumption the revenue of the Spring
Valley Company had Increased 5 per cent
over what was estimated by the board.
"We can go on cutting its "revenue down
5 per cent," said Reed, "and it will get
more than 5 per cent in return by reason
of larger consumption and increase of
subscribers. We can plead ignorance of
the situation when we tixed the rates, but
I say if it was done knowingly it was un
adulterated fraud."
"Come to order. Sit down; you are out
of order." interrupted the Mayor, rapping:
loudly with his gavel.
"I am not out of order any more than
you have been when you made numerous
addresses to this board without its per
mission and against its rules." retorted
Reed. Thereupon his Honor felt himself
called upon to say something in defense
of himself and the members, who he
claimed had been traduced by their col-
league, which he did in the following lan
guage:
"'ihe gentleman's course in this matter
is the result of a conspiracy with the
press and others to discredit this adminis
tration, and provoke a scene. He pro
ceeds cn the assumption that I am op
posed to reduced water rates, whereas for
the last three years I have been battling
for them. The reflections on this board
and myself are calculated to create a
false public impression, and I nail them
as lies ordinarily are nailed. The board
at the last meeting voted a lack of con
fidence in the Utilities Committee by
transferring the investigation back to the
board. The whole trouble can only be
ascribed to jealousy on the part of some
members with a view to getting some
newspaper notoriety."
Supervisor Brandenstein resented the
accusation of jealousy.
"1 supported the resolution to transfer
from the committee," he declared, "not
for reasons of jealousy, the change of
which is so absurd that It needs no an
swer, but because it is a violation of the
charter to delegate the power to a com
mittee."
Tobin said something about being
pleased that there were some gentlemen
on the board, and. that the members were
not all politicians who desired to have
their names exploited in the newspapers.
Reed asked lor the privilege of reply
ing to the Mayor's aspersions, which he
did in the following language:
"I have too great a regard for the dig
nity of the Mayor of San Francisco to use
any derogatory or unparliamentary lan
guage concerning him. I desire to* with
draw any such unparliamentary language,
leaving that to the president of this
board."
At this juncture Comtc jumped into thi
fray saying: .
"The gentleman is out of order. I will
not stand here and listen to such unpar
liamentary language, which belongs to
the Police Court. No Supervisor should
be permitted to make such remarks on
this floor."
"There is no jealousy on my part," Reed
continued calmly: "I welcome the assist
ance of every member in this important
matter and I regret the withdrawal of
some Supervisors. It Is notorious that la
February we did not do our duty. 1 deny
the Mayor's assertion that a vote of lack
of confidence in the committee was passed
by the simple act of taking away from it
the investigation. The chairman has been
personally assured by members of that
confidence on many occasions. As to the
newspaper notoriety I welcome ihe as
sistance of the press in accomplishing any
reform in the interest of the people. It
has no power to injure a good man who
has the confidence of the people, but it
can destroy any man who has forsaken
his pledges and lost the support of the
public."
Then quoting from the Mayor's mem
orabie speech at a recent banquet Reel
said:
"I «lo not regard, as others do, the press
as 'Insignificant, impotent and important
only in libel.'
"What have we done during our term
of office?" continued Reed. "Have we
paved any streets or built any buildings?
We have done nothing to Justify our ex
istence. The Public Utilities Committee
proposes to make a detailed, thorough
and searching investigation into the water
question. Let us stand by our party plat
form and pledges and regain the confi
dence of the people which we have lost.
This can be done only by acting together
without jealousy or selfishness."
The resolution transferring the Investi
gation back to the committee was lost by
a tie vote as follows:
CS _r3ooth. P.oxton, D'Ancona, Ho
taling. Jennings. McCarthy and Reed.
Xoes— Brandensteln. Braunhart. Coxntc,
Connor. Curtis. Dwyer and Tobin.
Reed won a partial victory, however,
when the resolution postponing the in
vestigation until December 7 was recon
sidered. Brandenstein urged immedia'e
action and moved an amendment that the
board t*>gin the Investigation next Fri
day at S o'clock p. m., which prevailed
by the following vote:
Ayes— Booth. Boxton. Brandenstein.
Curtis. D'Ancona. Dwyer. Jennings, Mc-
Carthy, Reed and Tobin.
Noes— Braunhart. Comte. Connor.
The officials of the water company will
be subpenaed to attend the investigation.
Supervisor Tells Unpleasant Truths, Mayor Passes the Lie and Charges
Conspiracy to Discredit His Administration.
REED SCATHINGLY ARRAIGNS PHELAN
FOR DELAYING WATER' RATE INQUIRY
MOVEMENT FOR
BETTER STREETS
A Large Sum Is Needed
Out of the Excess *
Revenue.
City Attorney Says It May Be Used
During: Next Fiscal Year — Mer
chants' Association Makes
an Appeal.
?
Supervisor Reed, backed by a strong pc
; tltlon of the Merchants' Association, made
, an effort yesterday to have the board pass
j a resolution setting aside not less than
! $100,000 of the moneys received as excess
1 revenue from an increased assessment roll
| to repave accepted streets in the business
| section of the city, removing cobblestones
I therefrom. The resolution, which was re
! ferred to the Finance Committee, follows:
Whereas. The present a.imlniFtration of the
; city government was ush°red Into office pledged
to a 'liberal policy of public improvements,"
which Included a plt'dtre to "repave accepted
streets where Decenary or desirable" and the
i "absolute and utter abolition of cobblestone
! pavement* u;mmi the business streets of the
j city"; ana whereas, the attainment of these
; objects and the observance of such a policy is
I or the utmost Importance to the weltare and
i prosperity cf San Francisco: and whereas, it
; eppears that there will be at the disposal of
'. this board a sum of money estimated at tSSO.-
I V.'i cn account of an unexpected increase in the
I assessment roll after the budget was made up.
¦ which said sura will be available at latest by
! the 1st of July. 1301. Now. therefore, be it
: Resolved. That It is the intention of this
I B-ard of Super\'is»rs to appropriate not less
i than |UMt0M of said sum of money ti,r the pur
•pese of re paving accepted streets In the busi
ness portions of the city, and in particular in
removing cobblestone pavements therefrom.
and the IVkuM of I»ublic Works is directed
forthwith to make a report to this board of
th" streets in the business portions of the city
Ftandiriir meet in need of repavins. with the
kind of pavements best adapted to the said
streets and the estimated cost of the proposed
improvements.
The City Attorney filed an opinion on
the Question of the availability of the ex
cess revenue m which he holds that li.
cannot be expended by the board during
the present fiscal year, but will be at Lh.3
disposal of the board during the next
fiscal year for municipal betterments.
The opinion, which is quite interesting,
directs attention to a defect in the char
ter, which does not provide for such an
emergency and is in part as follows:
It would appear to be possible to conduct the
city government under the present assessment
for less than the 11 tax rate nxed as a maxi
mum by the charter. The rate of this fiscal
year, which is within the charter limit, prom
ises an excels of revenue. Thib may be used
next year and the tax rate reduced, or if the
same rate be retained an equally large surplus
would be realized, which would also be avail
able for permanent Improvements under proper
appropriation. If the surplus this year -will
amount to a quarter of a million dollars that of
next year should be a like amount, and taken
together a fund of half a million would be
at the disr>osal of the board during the next
fiscal year for municipal betterments.
Surh surplus revenue is at this time specu
lative. It would be i-osslble perhaps for the
Board of Supervisors to so lessen the income
of the city as to leave no surplus. Moreover,
it is not at this time possible to foretell how
great a proportion of th* year's assessment
will be held invalid ly the courts. In short,
until the end of the fiscal year arrives no one
can know: w:tb positiveness what surplus, if
ar.y. there will be in the treasury. And If It
were now attempted to make a new and sup
plemental appropriation as to the estimated
Furplu* Fuch appropriation might be the cause
of a deficit in the budget appropriations here
tofore regularly made.
I have looked In vain throughout the charter
for the suggestion that theBiard of Supervis
ors had power to deal with any public funds
except as provided by budget appropriations
and demands thereon. If the Supervisors should
Indicate their desire as to the manner In which
tbia rurplus should be expended still the ques
tion Would remain, how could the money be
drawn from the treasury? The charter ex
pre«sly provide* that no money can be drawn
from the treasury except in accordance with
an appropriation, which appropriation must
have been made in the budget.
The Merchants' Association filed a pe
tition requesting that if the City Attor
ney shall determine that the $200,000 to be
received as excess revenue through an in
crease In the assessment roll is available
a sufficient amount be devoted to the
repavement of public streets in accord
ance with recommendations heretofore
presented by the association. The petition
recites:
On March 53 last, in sccordanoe with the re
quest of the honorable Board of Public Works,
the Merchants' A>fociation submitted certain
recommendations for the repavement of the
public streets. In our communication of that
date we recommended that a systematic plan
cf reiiaving be adopted which would ref-ult In
the removal of the cobbles and the repavlng
of the worst streets in the business district
within four years and that J125.000 be appro
priated and expended each year during the next
lour fiscal years in the pcrformarice of this
work.
Accompanying this communication, we rub
mittcd a schedule of the streets to be repaved
during the present fiscal year and schedules
for the repavemeni to be done during the suc
ceeding three years.
Ae only about $35,000 was appropriated for
repavlng the business streets during the pres
ent year, it has rot been possible as yet to exe
cute our plan for general repavement. Since
the budget for this year's tax levy has been
|Tejiar*d an additional amount of $200.<"QO has
come into the treasury through an Increase
the assessment roll. Whether this amount will
be available during this nscal year is a ques
tion that w« understand has been submitted to
the City Attorney. In cas« It shall he held
that this fund la available during this fiscal
year we would now respectfully recommend
and urse that at least a sufficient amount be
devoted to the repavement of the public
streets in accordance with th« recommendations
heretofore presented by this association.
The Committee on Public Buildings
recommended that the Supervisors reduce
the estimate of $3500 made by the Board
of Public Works on the cost of the pho
tograph gallery in the Hall of Justice to
$3150, and a resolution to that effect was
passed to print.
Supervisor McCarthy In a report on the
question had characterized the estimate
as being too high. He stated that he had
procured a private estimate from a com
petent authority who said that the work
could be done tor J2523. The report states
that the contract for the steel framo
work of the gallery was let after com
petitive bidding, but not in the mannc;
provided by the charter. The committee
[finds that the inference of Superintendent
Barnctt that Supervisor McCarthy was,
hy reason of being secretary of the San
Francisco 'Fire Proofing Company, Inter
ested in the proposal of M. Collins, an
unsuccessful bidder for the work men
tioned. is not In any manner supported by
facts, as Collins was In no way represent
ing the corporation of which McCarthy
la secretary. ..:
Water Pours in by Rudder-Chain
Ports, but Quick Work Prevents
Serious Disaster to
Steamer.
OAKLAND, Oct. 13.— There is a
"hoodoo" on the Southern Pa
cific transfer boat Thoroughfare.
At an early hour this morning
she repeated her performance of
several weeks ago and sank at the Pe
ralta-street freight slip. The accident this
time was luckily not so serious as the for
mer one and the company was saved tne
inconvenience or again laying off the big
boat for several weeks.
While a run of coal-laden cars was be
ing transferred to the steamer the heavy
load caused the vessel to settle rapidly in
the water. Her deadlight ports were all
closed during the loading process, as the
result of the recent disastrous experience,
but the ndder chain ports at the stern
were below thewater line by reason of the
load and before the burden could be easeo
the steamer had settled sufficiently to
start. a rush of water into her hold.
The* trouble was discovered in time to
give the crew and freight train men time
to haul the cars from the deck of th«
boat to the dock, but in the rush there
was a ripping and tearing of tracks
which caused considerable damage.
The speed with which the boat was re
lieved of the heavilv freighted cars
saved her f/om serious trouble. Six hours
of pumping emptied her hold, ar.d after
being given temporary attention the ves
sel was put Into commission again.
Overloaded With Coal the
Big Freighter Gets An
other Wetting.
THOROUGHFARE
SINKS AT DOCK
The Board cf Supervisors took deter
i^ined action yesterday to compel the
Market-street Kailway Company to take
up a'.l Its abandoned rails and ur.used
tracks. A resolution on the subject was
introduced by Reed and adopted as fol
lows;
The. Market-street Railway Com
puy £as abaedcae-i certain street railway
Iranchltes la the city and county of San Frari"
cuoo arui ha* la places left streets badly I aved
c-r y«.ved dlCerently *ri-m the maia j« rti.-ns
cf tne streets, or taa left cable tracks to in
jure the street* and catle Biota uncovered to
act aj receptacles for Cith, now therefore, be it
Resolved, That the Market-street Kailway
Cczspasy is requested and directed to remove
i-.'. ¦-:¦-:.-! ¦:.•-! and mrmni tracks and aban
doned cable sJc-t apparatus and to rej.av«r the
tame w;ih pavtraents like that of the streets
through which t!:e ea:i tracks are laid, ar.ii
be It further
Kesolvei. That thle board particularly Epeci
£es the abandoned cable car tracks and £lct£
cf the cli Ellis ¦tXW.t cable car line and th£
ell race-etsvet cable car line, the abandoned
rails of the? Eighth-street Use, below Second.
on Market, and the basalt block on Fell streri,
iron itaker to Scott; and be it further
Beeolv<-<*, That all such wurk. must be ccm
pSrtti before the 1st oC January, U01, mm there
:e no \iM reason for any delay m the doing
<.; raca work by the company.
Eraunhart war.ted the resolution re
ferred to the Ju-iiciary Committee with
Instructions to add a clause which will
compel the company to take up the tracks.
Reea objected, saying that it the com
pany does not obey the provisions of the
resolution by January 1, 1901. it was the
purpose of the Utilities Committee to in
troduce another resolution compelling the
performance of the work. He said the
company had already commenced to take
up tracks. At this point Braunhart inter
rupted Reed and asked to be allowed to
speak. Reed would not give his consent
and Braunhart said testily:
"I thank you for the courtesy."
"Courtesy is something that never
troubled you privately or publicly," re
plied Reed, giving Eraunhart a hard look.
This tally was but a precursor of the
warm debate over the water rate investi
gation which came later in the meeting.
Curtis' resolution was also adopted and
directs thf- Market-street Railway Com
pany to remove all unused tracks, poles
and other obstructions on Market street,
from Second to Sutter; on Broderick, from
McAllister to Oak; from the crossing of
Stockton street, thence along Pacific t?
Montgomery avenue and on Washington
street, from Kearny to Stockton, and on
Stockton street, from the crossing of
"Washington, ther.ce northerly twenty feet
bryond the crossing of Pacitic street. The
resolution requires the company to re
store the roadways of the streets named
to a uniform condition, the same to be
done to the satisfaction of the Board of
V'jfc^ic Works and the whole expense to
be paid by the Market-street Company.
A resolution was pa^ed to print grant
ing to the Presidio and Ferries Railway
Company permission to set back tempo
rarily four feet the Fouth curb of Union
street, between Hyde and Larkin, and to
pave the strip with basalt blocks. The
company, however, must, upon the recon
struction of Its roadbed, cable alley-way
and car tracks of its cable system in the
center of the street v.i:hin four years,
restore the sidewalk on the south side of
the block named to its original condition.
The company must give a sufficient bond
in the rant at (20,000 that it will carry out
the conditions. McCarthy's amendment
that the company be required to pledge
Itself not to at i for an extension of time
lo reconstruct its system was defeated.
A resolution was presented by Chairman
Reed of the Public Utilities Committee ac
oeptiag the offer of a right or option to
purchase the franchise heretofore granted
to the People's Mutual Telephone Com
panv. It authorizes the payment of $1 to
close the contract. The resolution was re
ferred to the City Attorney to determine
what effect fr.ter'jr.g into such a contract
would have upon the city. *•
2Iiscellaneous Business.
The Erring Valley Water Works wae re-
C'jefte-d to lay an e'.Rht-.r.ch water ir.ain la
2!!guel ttrec-t. from Chenery Ftreet to Arling
ton avenue, and also an e'.ght-lnch rr.aln In
Arlington avenue from Charles street to Natlck.
The bill recuiatir.g the care of ar.imais sick
with cor.tagloiis di?ta5«-s. and providing for the
disposition thereof, was taken up for reccn
•;d«-ratlon and wrmm re-referred to the Health
and Hoejiltal Committee to Rive Suj>ervl»or
Hotalicg aa cpportunlty to be heard on the
rat-apure.
Tte petition of the Public School Teachers'
Annuity tnd Retirement Association for the
«ff^r.3!«it to It Ot > --.. x ¦¦:':'.'¦ rooms In the City
Hall was referred to the Board of Public
Vrrka with ir.structior.s to provide them.
The courtroom formerly occupied by Police
Judge CabanlP* was assigned to the Associated
Veterans of the Mexican War for use as head-
Quarters.
Tfce bill proviiSrjr for the creation of a police
re'.Uf and pennon fund was finally passei
Th« crdinanee impofir.g a license on dealers
!r. second-hand goods other than furniture was
51r2si.ll>" pa***-d. _ ' i •-
The ordinance authorizing the Tax Collector
to employ extra clerks durlzg October and
November w*.s pa5?ed.
The protect of property owners nr.d firms In
tbe (Mriqr against the maintenance of the
}';-;4w.r. <ii»s Work* on Stevenson street, be
tweca Fifth end Sixth, was referred to the
Fire Committee.
Xl» property owners interested la the con
struction of Nineteenth avenu- boulevard and
the or-^r.lr-r ux> cf the middle and western por
tiura of Sunset District eent a communication
to tht boani tn which thanks are extended to
th« Park Ocs-jr.!wJoner». Superintendent Mc-
Laren, C.aus Erreckfls and others who have
contributed to the sjrproveme-nts in and near
the ;>ark. A re-.;-J.m will be given by the
Nineteenth Avfru* Uoulevard Club to city
official* aril others who aided in the accom
plifhmcnt of the Improremecta,
An ordts&r.o was pasted to print fixing the
monthly cotnj^nsatirn of official Interpreter*
of the ijuperlor Court at J100.
Tn« Auditor was Erected to furnish the
board with a BUteawnt of the amount of
moneyt raaiabtt to the Ilall of Justice funds
and available for the completion of the build-
TfceCltr Attcrr.ey «u authorized to procure
•n &b«rart of tit> of property in the block
bourse! ty « bum*. Seventh. De Haro cji<i
A'.acwla. struts, in orcJer to determine the
it-K.il right < f the .jwripr of a building which
tb»-_r-jrt* tr.o :> ? ...c- t{ IXvlsicn street.
,™*. l ?i? c T cf l «»rd of Public Works
lljat IU.6JJ btiMt aji'e for the refitting of
r. riiln cfSce* in the City Hall to whirh i»
•JSBirninent* have b~n made, was referred to
trie r mince ConiTTiitn^e.
THe ordituuice granUrlg the Board of Public
, ., ,,T^» ,....* rei«»r and construction
cTall sufcllc b=114tas, v, M indefinitely post-
The r^titicn C f twlneec men requesting the
£5?..£7!? vaE rer «"^ to the Street
TJniea.-Street Head Given Four Years
to Seccnstruct System — School
Board Promises to Obey
Charter.
Market-Street Corporation
Ordered to Do the Work
at Once.
Oakland Office San Francisco CaT.
111S Broadway. Oct. 13.
Judge Hall to-day settled the- trouble i
of the Plummer family by granting a di
vorce to Waiter Plummer from Mary B.
Plummer on the ground of desertion. Uc
der an agreement that Mrs. Plummer
should have the custody of the minor
child, Phyllis, and receive HD a month
alimony, she withdrew her cress-com
plaint. The only witness was J. C. Bates.
Mrs. Plummer' s father.
Plummer had charged his wife with de
sertion, claiming that about a year and a
half ago she went East on a visit. On
her return to Alameda she failed to so to
the home of her husband, but Instead
went to live with her father. Mrs. Plum
mer's actions caused a stir In Alameda
society, and for a time the gossips of
the Encinal City were in deep clover.
According to Plummer. he paid a num
ber of visits to hJs wife at the home of
her parents in an effort to induce her t>
return to him. but was ignored. Finally
he was curtly notified by mail that Thurs
day was her day at home. This was more
than he could bear and the divorce suit
was the result.
Mrs. Plummer immediately filed a cross
complaint, charging her husbar.d with
cruelty. The specific acts of cruelty wer»
that he always found fault with her
cookinff and absolutely refused to eat
stew prepared by her. Fancy dishes set
before him she alleged her husband term
ed "nasty stuff." and, turning up Ms
nose, shoved them aside.
Plummer i3 interested In the Crystal
Salt Works. He pleaded poverty in court
this morning and said his income was but
$50 a month.
When He Calls to Hake Up H» Is
Informed lhat Thursday
Is Her Say at
Home.
WALTER PLUMMER
GETS A DIVORCE
Alameda Society Man Was
Deserted by His Young
Wife.
MUST REMOVE
UNUSED TRACKS
A POLITICAL STORY IN VERY FEW WORDS
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CAlLIi, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1900.
9THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1900.
10
JIISCELI^AXEOUS — FOIl S^_g^_
A FIRST-CLASS 12-boi- hammerle--s |>ree^-
loadln^ shotgun for $32; cost originally T»-
UNCLE HARRIS. i3jnrant_avc.
A— BUYS. se'.Ia or rents gear machinery, en-
rlnes hollers, water pip-, shaft.ns, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st.
A-$3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. Jl ~3. POP-
ular Price Hatters. 230 Kearny St.. near Ping.
$10— NEW Home sewing machine: good order.
1313 Mission St.. near Fifteenth.
A— UK) HORSEPOWER er.pine, boiler. 2-drill
air compressor.*. JARDIXK'S. 220 Fremont st.
rcO-LIOHT Oyr.amo. ensrino and boiler, com-
plete; cheap. II. S. WHITE. 316 Mission st.
WILL rent full drtM Tuxedo or Prince Albert
suits for $i .".0. Portland Loan Office. 23 btlttn.
SAFES— New and second han'f THE HEIl-
MAX.N SAFE CO.. 417-4:3 Sacramento St.
PORTABLE ensrtnes. boilers; iron and wood
planers, lathes; Id hand. J. P.urke. 133 Beale.
MAGIC lanterns, new ami 2<1 hand; moving
pictures. BULLARD & KUECK. 131 Post at.
10-TON Fairbanks scale and fire and burglar
proof 5afe. 210 California st _______
2D-HAND photographic ami — laslc lantern out-
fits bouitht. sold, exchansfi. HO Montgomery.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modem engines anj
boilers bo\ttht nnd so!d. KflOCiH Mfg. Co.
SAFES— New anil second-hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 1M-111 Market St.. San Fran.
MIS CELI.AXEOtS 1VA.VT?*.
WANTED — San Francisco Examiner for Nov..
1S96: o.uote price. W. F. PUltNELL, Sacra-
mento, Cat.
WANTED— Upright piano for cash. H. L.
WIIITEHKAD. 1T10 Market St.
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothlnar bought &
sold. Silverman. SS4 Folsom; tel. Fojsom 1131.
KLEIN still pays best price for clothing, bric-
a-brac and books. 109 Sixth st.: tel. Jessie ML
WOXtiK TO LOA.V.
ANVaroount en furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, cr any other good security; payable
back In installments or as a whole; U you
owe a balance on the purchase price wo will
pay It and carry the loan as long as you de-
Fire: avoid red tape and publicity; see- us
fft-f you will be waited uoon Quietly and
quickly. Call 6S-6y Donohoe bldff.. 1170 Market.
AA— LEST rates and easiest terms.
Second Mortgages
latfrests In Estates
:;:Undiviced Interests in IJeal Estate
Financial problems of nil. sorts and sizes
solved by HERMAN MURPHY. 630 Market.
ANY amount at 6 per cent: 1st. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate }n pro-
bate: mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay: ,~et my terms before doing business else-
where. R. MeCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
ANY proposition, any amount: 6 per cent; first.
in estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages, life Insurance. Room 16, first floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 846 Market
St.; tel Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
A— JiOO.OCO on city and country real estate and
estates; chattel mortgages: notes and col-
laterals. J. BROWNSTONE. 11 Montgomery.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
AT 126 Kearny st.. room 9, respectable, private
f place to borrow on watched, diamonds: lowest
rates: take elevator. Telephone Davis 90"..
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal: low rates; confidential.
BONELLI, 301 Jcnes St.. corner Eddy.
WHY pay rent? We loan money to build with;
small monthly payments. HOME BUILDING
COMPANY. 222 Sansome St.. room 2.
TO salaried pecr.le without security; all busi-
ness confidential. Tousley Co.. 321 Parrott big.
MONEY .to loan on furniture by private party;
lew rate. SIT Market si., room 1.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. rm. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
ON furniture and pianos: no removal; confi-
dential: on diamonds, etc. 33 Taylor st.
CASH loaned to salaried people en note without
• Indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
j ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no com-
mission: private. LICK. tU McAllister st.
TO salaried people without collateral or In-
dorser. S. F. Discount Aeency. 143 Phelan bl*.
MUSICAL I>STUOIE.\TS.
ALL purchasers of pianos at SHEKMAN
CLAY & CO.'S have tho privilege of ex-
changing for a STEINWAT any time within
thr*« years and full purchase price allowed;
•he best makers of every crade to select from;
beautiful new uprights* {6 cash. $6 per month,
come- good ptan^w for $3. ft and $3 per month.
SHEItMAN. CLAY & CO.. STEIN WAY
DEALERS, corner Kearny and Sutter sts..
San Francisco; corner Broadway ana Thir-
teen th sts.. Oakland. v
ABSOLUTELY the largest exclusive -wholesala
and retail piano house west of Chicago.
SPECIAL THIS MONTH.
Bargains in all standard makes from £0
to J2S3-
Agents for the Peerless Heine. Hallett A
Davis. Boston's oldest and most famous piano.
al?o Behr Eros, and 10 other makes.
Pianos rented; rent allowed on purchase.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 21? Geary st.
DECKER & SON pianos are first class.
Agency. MAUVAIS', 769 Market St.
BUY the best— Decker & Son pianos, estab-
lished In 1SJ6. MAUVAIS MUSIC CO- agents.
76? Market st.
WE sell beautiful Arlington pianos for $300.
on easy Installments to suit your coaveai-
ence. MAUVAIS. 759 Market st.
A GOOD piano in good condition. $73
A fine Hallet & Davis 1*1
Fischer, splendid condition 175
1 Shaw, 2 Curtaz. 3 Sterling, slightly used,
at sacrifice prices; easy payments. BENJ.
CURTAZ & SON. even-thing in the musio
line. 1« O'Farrell St.; Chlckerlng agency.
ABSOLUTELY the t.ldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S. 28.
!S and 30 O'Farrell St.; planoa, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy t_s
customer.
VIOLrN strings; never wet; best In th« world;
! making 'and repairing of all kinds of musical
> lr.strun-.ents. Carl C. Anderson. 417 Geary st.
Jl?i?T received — Two carloads of fine pianos;
special sale opens Monday; a beautiful piano.
$100. DEWING'S. Flood building.
GOOD square piano. JoO; terms reasonable;
leaving city. MRS. J. T. DAVIS. 506 Jones.
ELEGANT Sohmer upright, good as new, and
other great bargains. BRCENN", 2C3 Post *t.
ELEGANT 3- pedal upright: must be sold in i
days; leaving city. 324 Golden Gate ave.
FINE 3- pedal upright piano; sacrificed on ac-
count of sickness. SOT McAllister st.
BE in the nwim; rent a new piano for $3 per
month. SCOTT-CURTAZ CO.. S63 Hayes at.
A cleaning out of pianos for storage: dirt cheap;
Installments. Wilson's Storage, 17W Market.
AT KEEFFE'S. 933 Market *t.. 4 elegant up-
rights at your own price. Shonlnger agency.
A BARGAIN; must be -old; nice upriKht piano.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister st.. next Hib. Bank.
SOHMER & CO.. byron Mauzy. Gabler. Spell-
man and other planoa. 303 Poat st.
SUPERIOR violin-, zithers, old and new. JET
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Lathair 1 place.
HU'.H-ORADE pianos: Steek. Hardman. Con-
«-v»- f- nt*er» W. R ALT.~V CO . 314 Po«t.
OFFICES AX1> STORES TO LEX.
LARGE elegant store and basement; 903 Va«
lencla St.. near 21st: business center.
MME. NEERGAARD. TOO Post; tel. Hyde S33:
hours 1 to 5 eve., and Sunday by appointment.
H. JEROME FOSSELLI. f dentine palmist. 5U
Taylor pt.. bet. Gearv »nt Post: tel. Black 561.
PERSONALS.
PAINFUL nervous diseases, rheumatism, par-
aly«i-» liver and kidneys cured without drugs
by DR. J. HERBERT KEEVE. 26^» Kearny.
ELECTROLYSIS destroys superfluous hair.
moles: trial free. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter.
LEDERER uses and sells Schef tier's Colorlne.
75c box: he restores hair tr> natural color at a.
rasonable price. 12Z Stockton st t ¦
ARE you desirous of finding a reliable place
for all scalp and hair affections: a good
shampoo and scalp treatment combined for j)
cents; consultation free. MRS. E. R. DUX-
LAP, 6 Eddy st., S. F.. fourth floor.
LEDERER'S Qulr.tonlca. Hair Tonic; extract
of quinine bark: perfectly harmless; very
beneficial: 35c bottle.
MME. ADA, wonderful gifted healer. 110* Mar-
ket, r. 3 & 4, cures spinal trouble, rheumatism,
blindness, paralysis and all nervous diseaseu.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years" experience. J. B. RAY. 3T.T Jessie »t.
ELECTRIC lights In every room— U'lnchester
Hotel. 41 Third st. near Market; 700 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $•> per week;
free 'bus. and baggage- to and from th« ferry.
SUITS to order on Installments; $13 uoward;
$1 a week. LEON LEMOS, 1117 Market St.,
between Seventh and Eighth.
IiEDERER'S Foamo Shampoo Is the best. So
pits.; bairdresains latest styles only Bo.
HELP WAXTEIV-MALE.
A MA>T to buy out a route; pood-paying busl-
nesa. MISS CULLEX, 325 Sutter st.
MEN wanted for the United States Xavy-
Machinlsts. Hrst-clasa. a_e 21 to 35. pay per
month. Ji5: machinists, second class, age ii
•to 35, ray per month. %V>: electricians, in ni
class, ago 21 to So, pay per month._ t-V); smp_
wrl.hts (carpenters), age 21 to fc, pa/ V*J
month, $2S; seamen, ace 21 to 35. ray Prf
month. $24; ordinary seamen. a*e 18 to «*•
pay per. month *13; landsmen, age 18 to
pay per month $16; apprentices, third cia.y
a K e 15 to 17. pay per month $9.
dates for enlistment must pas5 a physical ex
amlnation showinsc them to be free *"*»••"""
lualifylne ailments. Machinists must p-»»
an examination showing them to t» _„. ,
chlnlsts by trade. Electricians must P a - S a
practical examination In electricity. «£";
ially on the handling of electrical «*eJ"°Sr
Shlpwrigbts must be carpenters by traur
Penmen anil ordinary seamen must pass »¦¦
examination in seamanship. Landsmen ana
anurentlces will be required to pass in
t-hyslcal examination only. The term or en-
listment is for four years. Should a man
je-enll-t within a period of four months rron-
the date of honorable .dlschnrne he win re-
ceive a bonus of four months' pay and an
flddltlon to his monthly pay of $1 36 for eacn
re-enll«tn:ent. P.atloiis. mediclnei. and medical
Plten«!»n<-». are furnished *ratli In addition to
lav. Prlvllece of retirement after tl» Irty
>»ars" service on three-.iuarters of »ne i~j
iec»lv*d nt <?ate of retirement. It is the u>-
flre of the Navy Deportment to obtain a
larue number of nble-bclled Americans for
the navv. who w HI be Riven every oppor-
tunity for advancement as soon as they are
Qualified for the hlcher ratlnss- ¦ The early
cc.T.pk tlon of a number of fine ships for tr»r
i-avvwlll make a larpe Increase In the en-
listed force necessary, am) thl« will caus- a
corresrondlnc larir« Jncr-ase In the number
of i-tty ofneera. who will be advanced .from
J the lower ratinfts. P.ec:-ults who may be «c-
\ rented wlil be assigned to a U. S war \es-
1 >*1: arrrentlres to the naval tralnlnp sta-
tion. Fan Francisco. Cal. Application* "ho"" 1
! be made at the U. P. Navai Recruiting Hen-
! Aezronr. corner of Market and Ejs: street*.
! S»n Frnrc|«co. Cr}. •
! BOYS wanteil for p-tt_l!n>: fruit. 16 to IS years;
SI TO to CG a week. Call at £€3 Natoma et..
I between T r.r.'l S a. m.~ ¦ __
i ALL sizes K>n'n shoes, silently damaged, half
I price. tC2 Ml>«!rn st.. bet. 1st and ZA sts.
BOY who understands etenrgraphy and offlre
work; give ate, waires desired. Hot 4721. Ca.l. |
GET your Fhffs half solfd while waiting; 2bc ,
! to 50c. CR? Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2>1 sts. I
i ST6LTZ. horbrr supplies, removed from SM
j . Market (basement) to f?« Market gt.. upstair^
! GENTLEMRN'S suits to order. $1 per week, at
I cash prices. N. Y. Tailoring Co.. 115 Kearny.
SA1I-OHS. ordinary seamen and green hands;
•all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 .Steuart.
I WANTED— A place to stop for the winter— This
can be found at the At!nms House. 5ir> Sacra-
I mento «t.. near MortKomery: one of the few
! repectable houses where countrymen comlntj
i to the city can find nice, clean, cheap, well-
I ventilated room?. A. McCREERY. Prop.
j WE war.t 1<> honest. Industrious men to solicit
I In city and county: experience not necessary:
J we teach you the business; good contracts for
FCber men willing to work. White Sewing
j . Machine Co.. ZM Post St.. ear. Stockton.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade: only eight
j weeks required; positions guaranteed: special
I Inducements: rataloRue and mnp of city free.
| MOLffR'a BARBER COLLKOE. 63"> Clay st.
! WANTKD — Laborers and mechanics to know
J that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
: runs Denver House. 217 Third »t. : 150 lar_*
rooms: 2,'>c per nifrht: $1 to $2 per week.
• MEN and women to learn barber trade. S. F.
BARP.ER COLLEGE. 741A Howard St.
; PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer. 16
years' practice: Examiner building.
: LABORERS and drillers wanted at S27 Four-
1 teenth St.. n*-ar Guerrero. t
1 LINDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard—
; Rooms. 15c to 2SC nleht: 75c to $2 per week.
j WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
] ket; 700 rooms. !5c nlcht: readlnc-room: free
j 'buf and baeea^e to and frrm the ferry.
j CLASSIFIED ndvertlsements and subscriptions
• recelveil at Call brarch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A l^RAXCH office for Call advertisements and
rubscrlptlcns has been established at 1096
Vpienr'n «t.
I — -~"~"~"**~*~^
! IIR.MOXKHOIDS.
j PIT.KS— W* cureo business men In San Fran-
¦ c|«cn; can b«> se»n: no operation; no naln: rar-
' tto«*Yftr« ««.— ? H ,1 T>*»!-»*/»'i— Kr*— r"flt»f ;
j IIOUSKS. LIVE STOCK. Etc — For Snle
! 40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies. [
j cr.Ttf. harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
j SZ7 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
! Fn.LIV.AN * DOYLE. Auctioneers.
10 HEAD of driving and working horses at
I TOMKINSON'S Stables. L7 Minna st.. be-
I HOUSES TO LET.
; A— PRINTED LIST Hcuses to Let; send for clr-
! culnr. O. H. UMBSEN ¦& CO.. 14 Montgomery.
i HOUSE of a rooms and bath: rent $10. 1130
i Church st., near Twenty-third.
! $13— 8 ROOMS and bath; newly papered. 22
! De Boom St.. off Second, near Brannan.
HOUSES WANTED.
SMALL rooming house wanted. Address box
27?4. Call office.
i LOST'AXD FOUXD.
' .-.--._.- i-
'. LOST— Oct. 13. chatelaine, containing watch,
purse and money. Reward for return to
| GUNNISON, BOOTH & BARTNETT, 32S
| Montgomery st.
i LOST— A little girl 8 years old; sandy hair:
i light dress with brown flowers; name Annie
; Farren. Return to 127 Valley, near Church.
i LOST— Sunday morning, from 22OD Devlsadero
1 st., near Clay, a pug puppy; answers to name
j Cato. reward.
• LOST — Surburst diamond breastpin. In the Mis-
sion. Return to 339 San Carlos ave.; reward.
! LOST— Black serge cape, between Hale Bros."
J and Emporium; reward. 160SA Turk st.
' LOST — A greyhound bitch. 12 months old: brin-
| die and white. Return to J. Ik W. MULLER,
• corner Eleventh and Mission sts.
j LOST— Purse, keys and money; vicinity of
i Geary and Grant ave.; reward. 23 Stockton.
¦ LOST — A passbook with the Hibemla Savings
; and Loan Society of San Francisco, In the j
I name of JULIA M. JENNINGS; No. 2S3-02S.
I The finder will please return to bank. j
; MASSAGE.
! EMH^V SK^jSwORTh/ assistant to Dr. A. B.
! Wlllcox. scientific masseuse, room 40. St.
I Ann's bulldine: hours. 9 a. m. to 12:30.
ait-DICAL.
inr'iiinTTrRicijAT^
t.peclalists; 3_ years' practice have treated
thousands of cases successfully: positive cure
guaranteed at office: ladles treated can return
heme same day; HINDO HERB home cure,
nny one can use It; perfectly harmless; borne
for confinement. Send stamps for circular.
MUS. DR. KOHI... Sf'7 Market st., cor. Sixth;
I reliable ladies' specialist; home treatment. $o:
i s-.afe and sure cure guaranteed; ladies treated
j at office can return home the same day: pri-
vate home before nnd during confinement.
| Removed to. 9S7 Market St.. corner Sixth.
I DR. G. "VV. O'DOXXELI* the world-renowned
j ladles' specialist; safe and reliable; has prac-
| tlced in _an Francisco for years; treated thou-
I sands of casts successfully; treatment can be
used at home: consultation free. " After all
j others fail call on him. Moved 101S Market.
DRS. GOODWIN, well-known ladies' specialists,
have returned from Europe; safe and reliable;
j cure $5: have treated thousands of cases with
! success; 15 years' practice In S. F.: maternity
home: low fees. 1007^4 Market St.. near Sixth.
1 MRS. DR. WYETH, reliable specialist; 25 yrs.'
practice: heme In confinement ; treatment at
office, $3; any ailment; consultation free, con-
fidential. 942 Post st;. bet. Hyde and Larkin.
XG TOY KEE, Chinese doctor: cures consump-
tion, cancer, catarrh, etc.; all diseases treat-
ed; send for testimonials: advice free. Sani-
tarium. 701 Sacramento Bt., corner Kearny.
' THE well-known DR. POPPER, celebrated fe-
male specialist; practical physician for 37
years; always successful. 3^ Kearny $t.
MRS. M. ALLEN. 1035 Market-Ledie< special-
ist; home in confinement: safe and reliable:
i consultation free; hours 10 to S.
. ! CERT, medical rubber -will attend clients at
i residence by apptmt. PAULA, box <7T9, Call.
1 DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist. HIS Market st.
; DR WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dls-
ear'S of the hit— >an b^tiv. 11." Mason st.
' I MISCELLANEOUS — KOft SALE.
' BOILERS, enci-es. 2d-haml - machinery "__.
IXTOSH & WOLPMAN. 193-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second hand; we always
; have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand-
S2 complete outfits on our floor, ready — ladn-
r.e can ship everything in 24 hours. J.
. XOOXAN. 1017. 1019. 1021.- 1023 Mission St..
, above Sixth; write for catalogue.
' BUT a brand new typewriter for $5 down and $3
per month: write for catalogue and price.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 400 California
St.: rentals, new machines, $3 per month.
r NEW BROOMS— The Golden West Broom Fac-
tory at 6!S and 630 Clay st.. near Kearny. has
Just started; storekeepers can -be supplied
I with all kinds of brooms at the cheapest
rates; orders by mall attended to.
. FINE suit. $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 437 Montgomery at.
SAX FIIAXCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San rmr.elt.co
Call, corner of Market ar.d Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every r.i i_l;t in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES- i2: Mon'Korr.-.-ry street,
corner Clay; open until S:30 p. in.
SCO Hayes strt-et: open until 9:30 p. m.
OS McAllitter ftrtet; cj>en until 9:30 p. m.
Cl't Larkin uree. ; open until S:30 p. m.
1SM1 Mission ttre.>t; open until 10 p. m.
S2C1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open i
until S p. m.
1C6 Eleventh street; open ur.til 9 p. ra.
3036 Valer.cia street; open until 9 p. m. ;
Nortl:we*i corner Twfnty-s^-ond And Kcr.- |
tucky stree!«; ~*n until I p. n.
cmncii si:itvici:s.
IMPORTANT - S.K-cial meeting* In Ploii^-r j
Hall, Fourth m., r.e;ir Market, Thursday. Fri- 1
day nnd Saturday, October l* to 10. at 10 a. ;
m., 2:»« and 7:4."i p. m. ; Bandar. October 2\. '¦
2:S0 and ":<'• p. m. A variety of Scripture i
FUbjeetF dis.-usseii. Addresser, ll'.ble readings. I
Gospel |ireachlnr. «-tc. ITnd-nominat! jnal. j
Seats free. Cr.me. lir;n»}"<iur Bible. |
MCCTIXC XOTICKS. L
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5. R. A. M.. m I
will meet THIS .TTKSDAY) KVEN- S\ I
ING. net. her 16. «t 7 Z> o'clock. Stated X_2t I
meeting and M. J!. .iepree. l;v ..rJ-r' V » '
of the II. P.
FltANKLIN EL 1>AY. Secretary.
GOLD-TN GATE Lidice No. 30. F. and ft
A. M.— Meeting THIS (TL'CSDAYI __P%_
EVENING at 7:30 o'cljck. I>~Kr?e 1. %2f I
By order of W. M. ' » |
mwi.% L. MEYER. SeTetarj.
CBXSSTAL Lod<e Ko.' \U.Y. and A. M. e
— F. C. decree THIS iTlKPDAYt Mk
E\"EXIXG at 7:3" eTciock. TS_K '
A. S. gUBBAED. S-cretary. /XT x ;
MAGNOLIA Lodge No. 9.' I. O. O. -s_*Kto-^ '
F.-Initiation THIS (TUESDAY) :j_J_J?i__
EVEXIXU. Flease rttend. \
J. T. JONES. N. G. **«»»« i
SAMl'EL PO_A«^K, Secretary.
PARKER Lodge No. 124. I. O. O. S$5£X&: !
F.— Initiation THIS EVENING. : ?5Z$SSZSF
V. F. NORTHROP. N. G. |
AITSTF.IAN Benevolent Society— Repu- a
lar meeting- will t>e held on WED- b^V^r." '
XEFDAY EVENING. C-ct.ber 17. C"rfiS4? |
ISC*. All the menilK-rs are requested pE]_S i
to be present for a \rry important i
business ard appropriation. Tickets fcr our '
thirtieth F.r.riheii-ary ball, which will take
place T\r\' Saturday pn rati>c OctoVier M. at :
Turn Verein H-IL T23 Turk street, will Im? ;
r» % a<ly fcr distribution nt the meeting or can
be had fnm merr. bers of the bali ommltte^. i
By order of
J. L. RADOVICH. President. •
AT'G. MIKILICH. nee. Secretary.
ANNUAL MEETING— Hepular annual meeTI !
ing of stockholder* oi the K1LATEA SUGAit '
PLANTATION CO. will be held at the of- i
fice of the company. No. 327 Market st.. San |
FranclFco. California. on WFDNESPAY. j
the :«th flay of Octnlier. 1S'«. et 11 o'clock ¦
a. m.. for the purpose of electlnp a board i
of director? t .i *erve :cr the ensuing year.
_nd the transaction of ruch other busI.-.-ss as I
tray come before the mertlng. Transfer book* .
cloee on Saturiny, OrtOhw 13. nt 12 o'cl:ick m. i
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
AGENTS WASTED.
CAWASSERP wanted to sell an article used in ¦
*\-ery household. Apply at 13 Trinity st., '
room 7.
TO handle Koblnsen'r Thermal Hath Cabinet. ¦
Pacific Apcnts Svpptjr Co.. l^M Treat ave.
AGENTS— Lady or cetulemen: b'.K commissions. ,
pnoF. HAtssLEns paota studio. u\s Mkt. ;
AGKNTS of _b;!i'.y ar.l experience in life insur-
ance. Cn!l at ro^m |tl. *?7 MurVet. rnr Sixth.
ASrilALTLM ROOPIXG.
J. PELTIFK. Hsphait rooflai;. bid»waikf«; cellar I
flon— i laid. rer_U»d: nnrtat. UW Mission ft.
ASTHOI.OGV.
HR. C. T. rAYLOB, scientific astrologer: call ;
for free copy ""The New M.>on." 76> Market. )
MME. HICKEV— Astnloslpt; horoscopes. nOc: '
card reading an<1 p:ilmiFtry. ijc. 1S33 Mission. ,
ATTOKXEVS AT LAW.
R. W". KING, attorney at law. 927 Market St.. !
mom €27— Ef-tates. damages. attachments. I
bankruptcy, collections; all c-asep; fair fees;
no advance charjres; money loaned on estates. :
ADVICE free; divorce Saw a Epecialty; private. |
Tto fee without success; coliectlc^ris. G. W. !
HOWE. _tty at law. SS"i Market, cor. Stockton. :
I. EDW. JARRETT. Hearet b!dg.. Third and '
Market tts; phone Red :%*.
FIIEE advice; divorce laws, damages, estates. '
collections. J. A. Mitchell. 214 Montgomery. ;
ADVICE fi-ee: r. r > etiarce unless successful. W. ',
W. Davidson. '.'71 Market ft., opp. Mason.
L. S. CLAKK. Emrr.a Spi-ckels h\ig.. 927 Mar- !
ket rt : f>n «uit»tio- ?—•¦ no fe-« In advance.
OATH CAKIXETS.
ROBINSON 55. 4-panel folding: <*oor opens: firm
«r<1 «a<e. AV s. URTffK. rm. act.. 4?S Ellli-. :
DOAKDING rOH CIIILDBC.V.
WlIKtV.' would like tw« cl;ildr»-n to board: fur-
nished joom for parent. 241* Sli!_'iey st.
LADT with own home would like 1 or 2 small ;
children to board; pocd care. 321S Sixteenth.
A PRIVATE family would Wet to take a child
to Ijoard. Adfltrs* GUI Jones Ft.
MIDDLE-AGi:i» w.-n-an would like to board
intants. C2\ f«ss(c pi., in rear.
BCSIYESS t:i!A\CES.
A— H5f»— CORNER saloon in wholes-ale district; !
rent J-"0; pood paying blUiSnn*.
A tUOO Kaioon in wholesale and manufactur-
ing diFtrt<-t; d .in* an A) j.ayinc: business; nier- '
eantile lun.h; a *j.len<Jl.i offer. Call R. U.
WILKE. :C"-j Kearny at.
LADT cr gentleman tiith business ability to j
buy interest in medicine business: experience ¦
not ¦ necessary. Call K. G. WILKE. 26>4 '
Kearny et.
ATTENTION. RESTAURANT MEN!
A— f70CQ; caf» with long lease, close to liar-
ket and Powell sts.: surrounded by theaters. '
end Joins a rushing bu«ine«F: i-ustomere and j
price* flrFt c!asF; private dining rooms, with .
ladles' entrances; Kicki^ss compels owner to I
leave the <-ity. Particulars It G. WILKE. j
26>s Kearny Et. i
A— $l'00; HLTCHEI! shop, with horse and cart. I
In ia*t locatl<a of Wept^m Addition; place
pftablished for years and doing a first-class .
business: a rplendid chance for any man.
CUl K. O. WILKE. 2C> 2 Kearny si. I
A— %iV<: ULTTCHEIt shop on Valencia st- : !
monthly receipt.", a!- >_i $l_f>(t; neliine * cattle
per vre-ck; low rent: Rood business. Call R.
O. WILKE. SC'-i Kf-arny Bt
J40O— THE V>est candy and Ice cream .ftore. with '
factory, in this oity for the money: invest!- J
gate at onr«t I.ANi:. SCT. Mai ket Bt.
A— COAL. wood, hay and rraln; fine paying j
businers: good corni r; chrap rent; 3 lior??*; i
3 wagor,«. hsrnessc*. «-t«-. : everything firs't-
<Ia»s; niu*t r<-1I; make offer, l^inc SC"> Mrkt- ;
R]>STA1.*RANT and bakery in a prosperous I
town near city; r<*ccij.t!< lan;e; K'^'d ]>ri<-eh;
¦ liberal offer will be made to those meaning '
bupir.eci^: ir.\i*r be Fold. Lane & Co.. R0-"» Mkt. i
A-SAY. FISHER & CO.. have you lodging- i
houe?i«? Yes. What price? $300 up, any loca- i
tlon de'ired; 12 rcxinis, J^Olt; 10 rooms, ItiO: M ,
riHims. new. i'Mh fir.»; St rooms, bargain. R3t:
27 rooniK. 52(^>. snap; all slees. all pric«»fi. _U ,
cew biinrains: <-jrl! and fee us. l'C2 Market st.
FOU faU — At once, sailors' boardln^-house and
scloon: fiotaff cood tayiiiK busln<-s,«; and the
. l>c«t r&rt <»f the water front. 9 Clay st.
VALUABLE ("ar.atian yatent; Iron: business
for Hf^; al>soluto control; fortune to buyers.
BOX 3C5I, Call office.
CAPITAL wante<1~l>lrycle tire that will not '
'pURe^ure. Address or call Thursday at lOSVs
• Fell et. j
DAKEH?- Bakery for sak-; bar-Rain. NW. cor-
n»T Twenty-fourth ard Ouerrero Bts. '<
A BSIAP— Coffee ar.l < linn lvmse: rheumatism '
comj«.-is «al»» at crs.-c. _» Eipiilh ¦_
Sty*— SALOON with r Jlv-lng: rooms; cause of j
t*K other business. Apply at taloon, 154
Fifth gt. !
J13» fcr a -.-el! paring izmcrry and saloon: all
c*Fh trade; no book buslnern; doing; business
aUut ?K>00 a month; chea;> rent and I years'
lease. Inquire Call clfice.
«"OIt sale— A fourth lnteremt In trade mark and
buftiijesw 24 yearn ol<l, JT.cwv) canh; the market
all over the world. Aildrees box 1725,
Cail cKlce.
IN Oakland— CiKar. notion and periodical stand;
well e«j;.-ib:;!-he_ : lieFt location: ualtal.l- lor
laar; and -nlfe. lu.x 2037. Cell office, Oakland.
CLOCK of An-.erican Oil Corapany stock for
eale or cheap: make an offer.
FOWXEB i CO.. un Call building.
OLIJ <*t_bIlFh«"d small Jewelry etore for sale
ch«"a_>; owner 11!. Addreitu Ik>x 18, 106 11th st.
JOR rale— Co'Hl-paylnj; restaurant with ltv-
lnr rr>om: suitable for couple; no agents; trial
erlven. fclS Bacranvnto tt.
A KINK larse more to let on OTarrell -_. ne«r
Powe"; fruit»b> for any business; cheap rent.
Apply at IS Grant ave.
fio — STOKE fixtures. 3 livins rooms; suitable
si y b-Ki~o*s. 190S Natcmi St.. near Eleventh.
FOB sale— Grocery and bar doing a good busi-
ness. Call or address 31 Cedar ave.; no agent*,
J«OR Baie. below cost, the Burgees PJanlr.g
Mill; -.aty terms. Ui Brannaa tt.
HELP \» ANTED— FEMALE.
WANTED— Waitress. 113 Turk st.
SEWING machine operators at LEVI STRAUSS
& CO.'S factory. ZZVi Fremont St.; no ex-
perience necessary; good wages. Apply to
MR. DAVIS.
WANTED— A bright, energetic woman, willing
to leave city, 1 for a business firm. Box 2734,
Call office.
EXPERIENCED salesladies and makers for
millinery; good wages; steady position. 13)
_Slxth_st. •
WANTED — Experienced operators, tuckers and
tlnlshers. New York Waist Co.. 935 Mark:i
st,. upstairs. .
WANTED— An experienced chocolate dipper;
also experienced store flrl. Call LSONNA-
I.IE, 704 Sutter St.
I FIRST-CLASS alteration hands on suits. A.
j CAILLEAU, 111 Kearny r-t.
WOMAN with family to work In lodging house.
441 Ceary st.
i FIRST-CLASS cent finisher. 520 Kearny St..
! first floor, rncm 1.
j GIRL to assist In housework: gocd home. 4034
i Seventeenth f.t.. near Castro.
i DANCING g r!s wanted. Comi-tock Dance Hail.
I ' :i!i Pa^'fl'' »t.: <;.hi 7:30 to 12 p. m.
j V,a.\Tuj-»i.i,»i, ui:.l Mm" 1 • h,m -iii u-.;.
1731 Kolyjini >t.. hrmvi-n 13111 ami lUh.
hi:li* \vAx r n:n— male.
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main :,SiS
I ...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
J WANT— 7 A. ' M.— TO- DAY
I 12.» laborers. dlRVrent i>!acos In city and coun- •
try. ?2 25, ?2, $1 75 day. $.f,. $30. $2(5 and found^
j 46 teamsters, sand scrapers, wagons, etc., $i 1
and SI 75 day, $3u. ;3;, $10. t.G and found j
36 plow teamsters $3r., $30. 52ti and founil I
35 general ranch and orchard hands I
YM and found i
12 milkers and butter makers. ...530 and found i
3 coachmen gardeners %SD, S-"> and found'
6 choremen and boys 5'2."., J20, $13, $10 and fd •
3 farmers and wivts , $4(t and found I
G drillers 18 lumber pliers $0)1
Carriage painter Harness maker'
4 blacksmiths; blacksmith helper, country
shop. Also hundreds of jobs not advertised.
Come and see
•¦ MURRAY & READY,
_jjjj-^-"^__2 C34 and 636 Clay «'_.
A— HOTEL DEPARTMENT BAKERS !
Baker for the mines *4<> to $43 and found ]
.Second cook, ccuntry hotel, S50 and found, j
I K(,-.' boss here |
1 2S cocks $50. ?40, $X>, iZ) and found !
I IS waiters {33, $30, $.5 and found I
; 12 Iaundrymen, butsheis, pjiters. MURRAY
I & READY. 634 and G3C Clay St.
! A— WE i'AY YOUR FARE to the sawmllis j
j and woods: 20 laborers, no experience neces- j
I sary. to work In the mills, yards and woods,
$26 to $40 and found and fare paid. MCR- I
RAY & READY, C34-CC6 Clay St.
j AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary st. I
j RAILROAD WORK 1
1C0 teamsters and laborers for State of No- j
vada. $2 a day, free fare. i
23 ovarryrr.f-n for State of Nevada, $2 a 1
(lay. free f3re. :
1 Mason foreman. ?1 ~,0 a day, for R. R. cul- ,
vert work, Los Angeles Co., free fare.
4 stone masons, $•! to $3 50 a day, for R. K. 1
culvert work, in Nevada, free fare. ¦.
j Stonecutter, $3 to $3 ".0 per day, for R. R. |
vork. Nevada, freo fare.
1 Headlne "men, $2 5u per day; drillers, $2 aj
j day, for big tunnel at Chatsworth Park, Lo.' |
1 Ar^eleii Co., free fare.
!i Inf?crsoll drillers. $3 a day; wine cellar i
man. $!0: DO laborers to build canal. $2 25 a I
day, Ion- Job; stableman, country, $30; ranch j
! blacksmith. $45: buttf-r-maker, $30.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT j
Cook and .wife for an Institution, $60. see !
party here; cook and wife, hospital, city, $40; j
second cook, $00; broiler, hotel, $i"j; head cook, '
I J15 a week; fecond cook, $12 a week, for res- j
I taurant: 6 bakers' helpers. $2.1 to $45; 6 hotel !
I ar.d restaurant waiters, $30 to $25; lroners, j
J country laundry, $30; washer, $40. C. R. I
HANSEN ft CO., 104 Geary st. j
AN errand boy, who knows the city, for our j
office, v C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st. |
COOK and wife $60, for Institute; 2 waiters,
[ country hotel, $30; cook, $4.1: dishwasher, $25,
for miners' camp; 3 waiters, city, 18 week;
j dishwasher, $20, free fare In country; other
( hotel and restaurant help wanted. J. t . \
CROSETT & CO., C2S Sacramento st. I
! COACHMAN, J30 and found; carpenter for j
• mine, $3 day; house carpenters for city and j
j country. $3 day; 3 farmers and wives. *35 |
; and $40: carpenter's helper. $2 day; washer J
and starcher for country. $30 and found; ear- i
J rlage 'painter for Honolulu. J3 day; edserman. I
! $3 day; stickerman, $3 50 day: 20 laborer! for j
¦ country, free fare; nnd many others. J. F. ,
; CROSETT & CO., 62S Sacramento st. j
j A-WANTED I
' Farmer and wife, $4); 3 ranch teamsters, $26; |
I 2 laborers! factory, $1 75 a day: 2 carpenters. 1
I $3 a day; 2 laborers for mine. $1 "."» a day; ax :
' man to frame timbers for mine. $2 a day; 2 j
j Italians to work in winery, ?26; 2 cooks, ho- |
I tely. $SS and $10; Cathplic for Infirmary of |
[ echool. $15 and found; neat husky porter for ¦
! business house. $fi a week; office boy, $3 a ¦
1 week. W. IX EWER & CO., 610 Clrfy St. I
i A— 3 LABORERS, 12 carpenters, 2 union car- '<
\ renters. 4 ;.alnters, 20 cabinet-makers, y) ;
1 bench hands, 3 sticker hands, 2 sash and door
i men, 1 foreman for planinR mills at Mechan- '
• ics' Registration Buerau. 410 Kearny st. ; non- j
j union mechanics please register; no office
| foes.
I BARHERS". Progressive Union— Free employ-
j ment. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th: tel. Jessie lo.?. :
i JOURNEYMEN Barbers' Union No. 14S. meets !
I every Ttirs.. 9 p. m., 115 Turk. I. LESS. Sec. |
! BOY about 16 years old to work In an office;
I must be able to ouerate a typewriter. Ad- j
I dross box 2fi31. Call office.
i WANTED— Good barber: steady Job. 725 Fourth
| st.. San : Rafael; tel. Red 1.1. ;
' BERBER wanted: also bootblack. 1043 McAl- |
; lister st. • i
_ ; |
I A GOOD barber. Apply 142 Larkin. st.
; WANTED — Barber Wednesday to Sunday noon; i
! wa;e3. 193S Mission st. . j
EXPERIENCED boy; plumber's helper. 623 \
I Golden Gate ave. !
i STRONG boy In a can factory; call after 3 j
i a. m. 29 Second at., third floor. '
, i
STEADY young man, ernnposltor, 'or job ,
work. 18 Fremont St. i
LABORERS, pick and shovel, with board. !
i 14th ave. and N st. South; Kentucky-st. cars.
I WANTED— Waiter for coffee and lunch house; I
steady young man: $7 a week. 32 Sixth st. ;
i PAINTERS wanted. 2705 Mission st. j
BOOTBLACK; must be first cla«s; waccs $13. j
34 Fourth st. ' j
I GOOD lunch waiter. 424 Fifth st.
f — ; : *~~ 1 ZHH ' .
ELEVATOR boys. 126 Ellis st.
. FIRST-CLASS wal*t trimmer and apprentices:
p<»id while learning. 330 O'Farrell st.
COATMAKKP. wanted. 365 Fourth st. I
SHOEMAKER wnnted. 41 Fourth st.
WANTED— 4 experienced oil-well drillers. Box
3600. Call office.
COOK and waiter. J 1307 Market St., near Elev-
enth.
BOOTBLACK for barber shop; white preferred.
4?" Push st. '¦
STEADY cook wanted. Apply Pecple's Rej-
I taurant, C31 Cloy rt.
FIVE coatmakers. Southwest corner Baker and
Greenwich sts.
WANTED— Cook at ICS Seventh St. Call arter
8 o'clock.
HOY to learn glove trade; paid while learning.
CARSON GLOVE CO.. 35 Market st.
i YOUNG man wanted for Eents' furnishing
store by E. Lanzet, 41 East St., near Mission.
GOOD man, to work* in kitchen. 44S Third st.
; LOCKSMITH or vise hand. WM.' H. GUTZ-
MAN, 1700 Dwight way. Berkeley, Cal.
WANTED— A waiter at 221 Grant ave.
; SHOEMAKER wanted on repairing.; come
early. 2140 Fillmore st.
MAN to help in dining room and upstairs. New
Washington Hotel. 3S1 Fourth st.
i WANTED — 100 men to take rooms, 10c, 15c and
20c. -- Boston House. S30 IFoward st.
; DARHEKS— Fine 4-chair 15c shop for sale; fine
location; very cheap. At STOLZ'S, 636 Market.
• SOBER, steady man. take care two horses,
make himself useful In store j German speak-
ing preferred: wages $12 a week. 15 City
Hall square, opposite Eighth st.
• BARBERS; 3-chalr shop for* sale; going East.
-14 Turk st. - • ,
¦ SHOE machine hands: bottom finisher- : dry
1 , thread stitchers. WENTWORTH-SWITZER
1 SHOE CO., 113 Pine it. '¦
• PENSIONS— J. IT. Shepard t Co.. old. reliable
1 firm, S06 Market, rm. 40, FlWan bldg. ; pen-
Elon vouchers executed, 23c: ndvlce free.
• WANTED-rFlrst-cIass bootblack. Collese Bar-
ber Shop. Berkeley station.
• FIRST-CLASS coatmakers wanted. .620 Kearny
- Bt., first floor, room 1..
J WANTED— A young- butcher for ihop and
, wt_ on. lS2t Point Lobos ave. ,
i COAT and vest makers wanted. Apply 11 a.
H».. CHAS." LYONS. London Tailor, 72x M_t.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED MALE.
COOK wants work; a good careful cook or
would go as second cook. T. SMITH. 31!
Minna st.
SITUATION wanted by a young man as porter
In the city. Box 365S, Call office.
A THOROUGH diygoods man, 26 years old.
speaking English, German, Spanish, is look-
ing for suitable ' positluu. Care vl W.
LOEWE. !,->0 Irfiguna st. "_
CARPENTER, first class, will work reasonable
for steady Job; strong and active; married.
Box 3tS26. Call office.
YOUNG man with a good education desires an
office position; can do typewriting and short-
5 hand; salary $;o. C. RUSSELL. .80S. Mont-
gomery St.. San Francisco.
COACHMAN with many years' experience
with _oo«l horses, sober, careful driver, can
mil!; or make himself generally useful, wants
situation; eood references. 13ox 4S00, Call. I
SITUATION wanted by an intelligent colorM
' man: single; temperate; good references. L.
A. UROWX. 518 Powell st : _.
COACHMAN wants situation on private coun- j
try nlfico to care for horses, lawn and gen- j
eral work; good references. Uo_ 3C2. Call. |
GERMAN jtroc-ery clerk and barkeeper wishes j
I v.-i rk; first-clnss references. W. UOIILING, I
I 417 Ktarrj" ht. . j
YOUNG man, .¦ educated In English :m.l Ger-
mun. deslrea position* be.*t of reterences and 1
security griven. Care DR. SHILLING. US1
Valencia St.
2 JAPANESE good boys wish position*: one as
cook ar.d hthtr at table and housework. T.
ITO. 1010 Pino st. ]
JAVANESE bry wants "pj.ice as schoolboy, j
Hex S6D3, Call Office.
JAPANESE schoolboy wants position, cock or 1
waiter, In small family. II. OMA, 1010 l'ine.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received p( r-nii j.-,-,,-., office 220O Fillmore.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
justed. N. Manasse. octilMt optician. !>|0 Mkt.
FI\AXCIAL.
IF sou have ttocks or bonds of any kind for
pale call or address PACIFIC COAST UN-
DERWRTTINC. CO.. TM Parrrtt building.
FLATS TO LKT. i
100 IIOUSFS and FLATS TO RENT.
i 1207Vi Dev'd'o: f. 6 r.$25 1925 Dev'd'o: h. .8 r..$32 ,
! 1CP9V. Turk: f. 6 r... 17 ."6S Fell: h. 8 r 23 !
j S75 Geary; f. 4 r 9 817 Union; h. 10 r... 35 [
I 919 Vnllejo; f. 4 r... 10 2S11 Sac'to; h. 9 r... 60
Flats wanted. SPECK & CO.. 607 Market st.
FLAT of ". rooms and bath: First ave., fronting j
on the pnrk. £06 First ave. a |
IF you want to move net printed list flats to \f
from HALDWIN /k HOWELL. 10 Montgomery j
NEW fiat, tinted, 7 rooms, with running
water, yo Eddy Ft.
fit— 4 SUNNY upper rooms; yard, cellar; water
j free. 1C0S Natoma St.. near Eleventh." |
! ?20— UPPER flat 5 rooms: Cll Washington st.. j
between Kearny and Montgomery; key in I
store below. - j
FLATS WAXTKD. i
A— NOTICE— Owners, attention! We guaran- j
tee to rent rood houses and flats In 3 to 15 j
days. A. M. SPECK & CO.. C67- Market st. I
FUHXITURE FOR, SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $1S 50. with No. i
7 ranse. Kln_ Furniture Co., 1127-Hol Mar-
ket *t. : telephone South 637.
FURNITURE 2 rooms cheap; no dealers. JOHN ;
ROHERTS. 10 Hopeton ten, Washington st. I
FUHMTUKE WANTED. \
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market st.; tel. Jessie 761.
A. WOLLl'ERT, 773 Mission st.. pays hlchest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
ALWAYS 'phone John 1041 before selling your }
furniture. Standard Furn. Co.. 74.1 Mission |
Auctioneer— L.Vincent. 130. r » Larkin: tel. Polk I
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot ca«h. •
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.). buys
furniture, carpets. 7-'.7 Mlxlon: tel. R-d BM, !
I i
; HELP WANTED — FE.tlALE. j
A COOK and second girl, Hakcrsfleld.'.*30 & $20 J
German nursery governess .' $-5!
Cook, small American family $25
Second Klrl, San Mateo f2~> ¦
10 s-cond girls ?20 and $25 ;
Hotel waitress, San Rafael $-0
Working housekeeper, country $20 |
Working housekeeper, city $15 I
MISS CULLEN, 325 Suttee St. I
C. It HAKSEN & CO Phone Grant 1*3 1
HOTEL DEPARTMENT i
10 wakreEECS for city and country hotels, HO I
nnd $25: 3 chambermaids to wait, $20 anti-j
$22 CO, city; chambermaid to wait, country, |
$20; woman cook. $30; 2 restaurant waitresses, ;
J6 week; :>l.iin laundress, country hotel, $25; 1
chocolate dipper, country, $10 week; cook and j
helper, small institution. $4>i. J
FAMILY DEPARTMENT !
Italian housekeeper. Mar;;>osa. $10;. German j
hcu« keeper, San I«eandro; 2 young houseglrls j
to go together In country, pee party here at ;
noon to-day; cook, Menlo Park, *30; cook, j
Jev/lth family. $30: hooseslrls, nursegirls, |
second _irU. C. U. HANSEN & CO., lot •
Gtary at. •
GERMAN r.r Swedish hous,e_irl for Glenn ;
County ?25. see party here between 10 and ;
11. C. R. HANSEN Ac CO.. 104 Geary St. 1
A— NURSK for 1 child 3 years old, {25; German
ntirse. ?2f>; cock and second girl, same house, j
i }:ffi and {25. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
i MAN or woman with or without grown child '
I to cook for men on milk ranch. MRS. LAM- '¦
! LtF.RT, 418 Powell st. •
WANTED— Girl for general housework; small \
modern house: family of 3; pood cook: refer- 1
ences required; wages $20. Call 10 to 12 morn- j
ings this week at 1117 Green Et. ; take O'Far- 1
rell-st. car. i ' I
I , I
WANTED — Ladles of eood address to g-o on I
j the stosje; hlg money to rii^ht parties. Call !
I 3 to 5, Pythian Castle, Central Hall, 909 Mar- ;
I kct at. i
j WOMAN to do light cooking for a small salary,
board, room and learn • a good profession.
\ Room 1. 1327 Market, bet. Ninth and Tenth.
j NEAT German or French girl for waiting and j
; upstairs work. Apply 10-12 a. m. at 210S i
: liroadway. |
WANTED— First-claFs waist finishers. nklrt 1
I and cloak hamls; also embroiderer. Call after I
7 d. m.. 1200 Geary st. !
NEAT girl to assist with housework; $10. Ap-
| ply morning at 3332 Clay st.
j 2C0 WOMEN wanted on ladles' underwear, to |
I take work home. 723 Market St.. room 35. '
I YOUNG girl; assist light housework; 2 In fnm-'j
I ily. 431 Frederick St.. near Shrader.
GIRL for general housework; 110 cooking. Call'
at 1S21 Eddy fL .
GIRL for housework and cooking. 2123' Fill-
more st.. between 9 and !2.
VOITNG German girl to take care of children;
light housework. 12O5H Turk at.
GIRL to do general housework; plain cooking;
$20 to $25. 1010 Treat ave.. near 23d st.
GIRLS wanted to shell walnuts. Apply 123
Clay st., upstairs, between 8 and 10. - ¦
YOUNG lady to train for nurse. 160D Ja-.:kson
Ft., between 7 and S p. m. > . - ;
YOUXG eirl for llffht housework. 40 Shot- j
well St. ' j
GERMAN or Swedish girl for general house-
woik and plain cooking. 1620 Geary st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman to assist housework.
1U15»^ GoMen Gr.te nve.
GIRL for shooting gallery. Address t>ox 474C,
Call oCflce. ¦
FIRST-CLASS hairdresser and ventilators. 40
Genry tt. • ¦ ]
GIRL; general housework and assist cooking;
refs. Apply bet. « and 12 a. m. at 2013 Pine.
GIRL to do general housework: wages $20 to
$25. Address box SC32, Call office.
NEAT waitress; restaurant; no Sunday work;
$4 60 i>er week. 2S First st. .
GIRL for ll_ht housework and plain cooking;
wages T12. 3S24 Army st.
• LUNCH waitress wanted at COS Seventh st.
WANTED— Toung cirl to wait at table. 136
Second at. - . .
j GIRL or mlddle-a_ed woman to -mind baby;
1 file*.) home; wages $12. 819- Post st.
: FIR^T-CLASS waitress wanted. Apply Peo-
j pie's Restaurant, CSl Clay st. - .
EXPERIENCED- hand on skirts. 1821 Polkst.
GERMAN girl; general housework ; wages $20.
Arply bet. 10 and 12. 414 Van Ness ave.
|j FIRST-CLASS German or Swedish cook, small
family; city references; $30/ - 1801 Gough st.,
I Monday and Tuesday, bet % and 12.
j WANTED — Starch-work Ironcr. 'Standard
i Laundry. 114 Hayes st ' -
, GERMAN girl to assist In housework and talce
; caro of children. 753 Eddy st. v
GIRL for lieht housework and plain cooking.
j 311 Stelner Bt. , . ;
"\V A ITR ESS; reliable girl for dining room. MS
Third st.
TOUNO ulrl ¦ to assist with llgrht housework
and care of baby; good home. 1632 McAllister.
DKXTISTS.
AT~the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket 6L, cor- 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extraction? done pajnlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns.
S3 oO up; plates, extractions free, $4 SO up: of-
pTnL-% gA*W.WILLrAMSOX, M. P.. Manager.
I KIGHT prizes for best crown?, plates, bridges
I nnd fillinss; extractions or fillings by my won-
derful secret painless method: 20 years ex-
S>«>rience; no itudenU; advice frae: prices
cheapest ' and Euaranteed; lady attendants.
I PR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
A NEW -late, the unbreakable Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns and bridf?e-
vrotk; "teeth without a plate: fillings,.* C0c;
.rowns iZ SO; plat?!-, full set. $5 (X); all work
painless and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
lors--, 24 Sixth *t.
"MAIN Ofrice" New York Denial 1'arlors. 1013
Market Ft., bet. Sixth and Seventh; consult
us on crowns ard bridges; teeth extracted
positively ami absolutely without pain.
TEETH extracted free: plates. $. r >; crowns, « 50;
i brl<3_e work, jr.; all the latest methods for
! rainless dentistry: hours. <» n. m. to 9 p. m.
Modern Pental Parlors, 12)6 Market, cor. O. O.
j 1»R LUDLUM HILL. 14« Market, nr. Eleventh
! —No cimree tor extracting when plates? are
made; old ptatea niaoe over like. new; t*eth
\ from fS per set: extracting 1 , ."0c; gas given. |
DR. WALSH; Si:. 3 < <i.-aiy, nr. Lai kit;— Painless
extraction hie; platen Ji. ti|>; tel. fcjk IV'Z,
LOWEST prim in K. !•'.: painless .'xn action,
. OCc. New Vork Dentists. :m!.i Mission, per. Oth.
PARIS Dental farlii'K 2?.:< Kearny, ..or. Uiish—
Full set of t^eth. ii: crowns. $3; fillings,
VAN VlifiOM— "Painless" : evenings and Sun-
days, l'' 1 Market Bt.; corner Sixth.
BET of treth without plate. DR. II. G. YOUNG.
1«1 P^lk st.
DltESSSMAIvl-HS A.VO SKA3ISTHESS1CS
FAIRFIELD'S Millinery Academy; call & ex-
amini- work; Bend lor circular. 1J3G Market.
Ai« UUIjION pleatinB factory: all kinds pleat-
inp. plnklnc 121 Post. overO'ConnontMofratt.
Me Powell Dressmakiin; and Millinery School;
private class: patterns cut. 101!" Market St.
S F. Dressmakln-. Lndles' Tailoring and Mll-
llnery School: French yystem. 411 Van Nes».
EDICATIOXAL.
AVl:i:S - Uuslness College. 723 Market St.; day
and even:ng; individual *n«truction, JS per
month; file _eholar*itlp. $jo; bookkeeplnK-
Fhorthand. KleKraphy. etc.; just added 2.1 new •
lyi>ewriters: commeicial department enlarged j
anil In the best In S. F. : catalogue free. j
GALL'AGHEK-MAUSH Collepe, Parrott Hldg.— I
Shorthand, tyl'lns and bookkeeplns; Robert F.
Oalla_her. expert court reporter, teacher of I
Fhorthand: rcportorlnl phrasing taught: prac- j
tlcal bookkeepinc; full course J50; cntalOK<i«.
HEALD'H IiUSlNK«S COLLEGE, 24 Post st..
B. F.— Uookkeepinj:, Fhorthand. typing, lan-
fiaRt-s. telegraphy. English branches, cjvtt.
electrical nnd mlnlnsr enKincorlnsr. etc.; day
and night sessions; new g0-p-Ke cntalOKUe free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory |
Fchool fcr tho university, law and medical j
colleges; references. President Jordan or any ,
StanforJ nrof«*«or, Phelan buiKHncr.
SPANISH classes day and eveninR. 303 Larkin
Ft., cor. McAllister: 4 lessons a week. $1 a
month: al^o private. PROF. F. M.VIZCAINO.
BOOKKEEPING, free trial; private lessons; S
inos. In collrge not equal to S wks. with me,
$23 TARR. expert aecnt.. 220 Parrott bids.
MISS M. <J. BARRETT. Shorthand Academy:
lessons by mall- acknowledged by official re-
porters best teacher, best system. "02 Mont^y.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year cot positions. RAN FliANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market st.
ENtJINEERfNG.elvli. elec. mining, mech, pur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch.: day, eve.: est.1864.
VAN DAP- NAILI.EN SCHOOL. f"33 Market.
SPANISH, French. German, singing, plono, $2
mo.; hours. 2-4. 6-8. 123ft Market, rms. 11S-117.
Ml'NSON School Shorthand. Typing. Bookkeep-
ing:, Spanish. 1X7 Mont'y. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
MR. and MRS. D MANSFIELD; music studio:
violin, cultar. mandolin, banjo. 183G Eddy st.
ILU'STUAtToN— PAKTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— Ni_ht class. 424 Pine St.
FRENCH. Spanish. etc. Prof. DeFillppe'sAcalemy
of Laneua Res. 320 Post: establd 1871:ablest profs
CALIFORNIA? Buslnea- College Is again en- |
larclnfr quarters. Come see us, 3f>". Larkin st. j
ARITHMETIC bookkeepinc. grammar, writing.
etc.. dav or eve.: JK mo. 1024 Mis«lon. nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; estab. over 10 years; a'.l kinds heip.
421 Post Ft., near Powell; Telephone Bush 135.
FRED WAM.ATS, Japanese. Chinese contractor;
emp.. office. 544 California: tel. James 2001.
RELIABLE Japanefce-CIimese employment cf-
flce: nil kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 518S.
JAPANESE HousecleaniiiK Co. — Waiters, cook*.
dishwashers: est. ISM. 1026 Oak: tel. Pa*e 647.
L'NION Japanet;e-Chlr.ese emp. ofticr— Hest help
furn.: domestic s»rv. <17 Powell: tel. Bush 376.
ORPHKUM Employment Of lice— Japanese. Chl-
• n*»e help. 42 1 ? Powell.nr.Sutter: t"l.lilark 5072.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Ofllce:
best heln fjurn. Tel. .Tohn 2121. 80G'£ Stockton.
CHINESE und Japanese Employment Office—
Re«t |, fc ln. 411U. O'Frrrell St.: tel. F.»«t 420.
i EMPLOY3IKXT WASTED — FEMALE.
A FIRST-CLASS Cermnn mirsrKirl wants po-
, Eltion; good ref. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter.
; 'SITUATION wantwl for general housework by '
! a good plain cook in an American family. IIS I
; Clara et^ |
I FIRST-CLASS cook, .Swedish, wishes situation. !
Address bov 163.". Call ofTlce.
! WOMAN -.Ishes situation to do general house-
xvork. Address 113S Howard et. '
; EASTERN woman wishes situation to do gen-
1 eral housework; city or country. 1000 Wash- I
ineton et. " |
: ENI'ERIENCED waitress wishes a place In a I
; restaurant. Call at 15 Minna st :
! MIDDLE-AGED lady would like a position as j
1 workins housekeeper. Box SG30, Call office.
¦ RELIABLE woman wishes a position to do '
Remral housework or cooking. 20 Howan! j
court, off Howard, bet. Fourth and Fifth, j
i EXPERIENCED nurse wishes the full charge 1
j of infant or two children; best city reference.
I Call 120 Hayes st. j
1 LADY wishes sewins and mending to do at
! home. 11G Sixth st., room 1.
YOUXG woman of good address would like po- !
Sitior. as lady's maid and UDstalrs work In i
first-class family; wages $25 to $J0. Box 3C57,
j Call office. I
' AN American woman wishes a situation to do ]
I a little washlne; wa_es $1 and carfare, 7S
Third Bt., room 10.
GIRL wishe* situation for general housework.
j Call 1T4 Tenth st.
A FRENCH lady soeakinR English wishes to
give lessons of reading ami conversation In
French. Gf.ll or aldress Teacher Gailhard
Hotel. 5CS Pine st.
J LADY with piano will give lessons In exchange
! for room, or as companion to elderly lady.
MIPS A.. Call branch. 639 McAllister st.
SWEDISH girl wishes to do general housework
or second work; wages $25 or $30. Please call !
at 12 Bitch et., off Kolsom. bet. 3d and 4th.
YOUNG married lady would like any kind of
housework by the day. 130 Eleventh st.
WINCHESTER House. 14 Third ft.. near~Mar- |
kct — 2mj rooms: 21c to SI 50 night. $1 ot> to {«
— ,-eek; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
A HRANCH ottice for Call advertisements and
t-ubscrlptlons has been established at 1U9S Va-
lencia «t. ¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. C2C0 Fillmore nt.
EMPLOYMENT WAXTEI) MALE.
SOlsEU married man wants position as fore-
man of a ranch, stock, fruit or vineyard; had
experience handling big crew of men and gen-
eral work; best reference. Address box 3643,
Call office.
TOl'NG man with business experience wishes
j position of some kind; can correspond in Eng-
lish and German. Address box 3C45, • Call
office, Oakland. ..
YOUNG men with some knowledge : of watch-
making wishes to learn trade 1 thoroughly.
Address box 3616, Call office, Oakland.
YOUNG man. well educated and informed, de-
cires a private secretaryship or similar posi-
tion. Address WWJ. B.. box 3636. Call office.
WANTED— Position In hotel, country, as porter
or pantryman .. by Swede, C5; smart and
handy. Box 36S8. Call of flee.
COOK wants place; hotel, restaurant, mming
camp; city or country. Box 363V Call office.
CARPENTER— Oood ell-around, wants work.
Box 3640. Call office. .
GERMAN -couple wish situations; grentleman
ae barkeeper, woman as waitress or chamber-
maid; city or country. Box 3637, Call office.
BOY would like to leaxn baker's trade: has had
experience; German, bakery preferred. Room
It. 140 Minna «t. --- ¦¦ . y.
EITUATION wanted by a man as porter In Um
city. Address box 3K9, Call office.
JAPANESE schoolboy wants situation to do
any kind of work. W. IJARU. 465 Jessie fit.
Bl'SIXKSS CHAXCES COXTIXCEU.
A CORNER zrocery and bar; big stock: all
frvsh goods; sickness. Cowing & Co., 719 Mkt.
A— BSSTACCAXT in best part of city: must
be sold this day. COWING. 713 Market st.
A— HOTEL; beet location: money maker; call
at once. COWING & CO., 719 Market st. 1
A^OORNl-R saloon; rood location; this is a j
bargain. COWING & CO., 719 Market St. j
j A— HOOMINO house: north Market; One loca-
I tion; cl'-ars $7J month. COWING, 719 Market.
] A—GROCERY store; fine location: receipts $150
j dav; positive bargain. Cowing & Co., 713 Mkt.
• FOR ssle or exchange for city property— Fine
' surr.mer resort and springs; the best-paying
; IToposltlon for money required. Apply L>. E.
BKHECKKU, _.ni Pine st.
! FOU BA-JB— Grocery and bakery; corner store;
j rent R5. CI Natoma st.
I FOR SALE-Flne cigar stand. Inquire ?X) El-
j J^J^ ; j
1 tJOOI ' itU-Mnt'ss chance i Oay sAloon ~. rent ch^np. j
1 G. W. a RAMS. 201 Clay; wholesale district, j
BARBL'HS-:-chair shop for sale chear. A<1- !
] flieFs B. F. CHRISTIAN: Martinez. Cat j
' WANTKD — Buy. rent or will open country bar- j
1 l>er rtiop. M. J. SILYEIKA. 1CO0 Seventh sa..
I Oakland.
; XOIt RENT'^-Flne coal var-1 cheap; central lo- i
i cation. Aj>;>ly 2!0l Central ave.. Alameda.
j CLASSIFIED a'lvertis-etr.cnts end subscriptions
I re»-elvr-J at Call branch office. 'J200 Killmore st.
• A BRANCH office for Call advertisement* anil i
rabacriptions his been establlf- bed at 10"j6 |
Valencia yt. j
lAIIMilMJ-IIOrSKS I'OH SAI.K. j
', BS lt«X>:.IS. corner. $40i.t; :.'( roora; $400) |
I !<> rooms, corner, n^w furniture <kiQu 1
! 0." rooma; apartment hou^t.* SJW j
: M-room hotel in the Mission J-'y-o :
_* rooms.v Ellis st.. n. ar tiyle: bargain.
; 10 iwims;* Ellis st.: bargain S.'rt :
i 4 rooms O'Farrell >t ">- r >" ;
j 12 rooms. Geary st '
Will loan you money n* l*_ to buy a house. I
DAVIS A: RIVHS. ro-jm W, i:G Markfct st. !
i 9-ROOM flat- central; no reas'ble ofTer refuse.!, j
1 in rooms; Turk St.; must cell tn-day * s ?9 i
1' rooms; rerr convenient; to-day only — ZaO ;
' IS rooms; O'F_JT_U ?l; only && I
J 3l'. 43. GO. C4. SS ro< n«. We h_ve several select :
• boar.lmp-hi us=ps fur sale cheap. Call and pet :
: a lirt. HAYES A WILSON. S3S Market st. !
! <t:i^ Elite). I
. 11 ROOMS; rent $27; income $75 MM
I 1'. rocxip; 1 floor: oak furniture, full 9J0 ;
IS rOCQ_i; central; clears SN.'> month 601 ¦
' 20 rooms; RtMrtmeaU; paying; no work., ijdi) j
' i<0 rorir.s: clean: new. clears *l.*0 month.. 30O) ;
! ?0 rooms: rent 1100: income $22» month... 1700 ;
; 2iS more. Please call. MONEY TO LOAN. ;
I M. GRIPFIX. 71i» Market St.. room 1. |
i R. H. WINSTON & CO.. lOiC MARKET ST.
j IS rooms; rent $.'0; north of Market $4.">0 •
1 15 ro«n-.s; ccrn^r: rent JiO CiO ;
\ T4 rocme: rent tG only WJ !
: 23 rooms; paying house WO :
: .*'3 rooms; corner: offices 3300 j
U ROOMS; look at the price; only $3'<0 j
: 17 roon;.<; wort': SW: will sell for 5:* I
C9 r.,oms. Cu rconiF renfJ Steady; the prreat- ,;
j est money rrakpr in the city: fur V ar E;tir's 1
i dcr.'t forget the j-lace. EMFKY. 3 Ed ly et.,
! rooms 1 an»j 2. l'hone Mint VHS.
LODGING-HOUSE buyers, attention— Houses I
'. at reduced prices; genuine bargains; sizes and |
1' catl'n to FUit; money loaned. SCHWKIN- :
HARI> & CO.; S17 Market ft., bet. Fifth and 1
Sixth, phene 1911. . 1
: _— 25-nOOM rooming house; central $1(XK)
house: nrst-'-lass 1030 J
11-rorm house. $4T:>: 6-room flat SI'S ;
FIKHER & CO.. 1032 Market st.
l(t ROOMS for pale: mu«t sell at .once; cause. I
eickners. 7f2 Howard st. j
NICELY lurnii-hed 13-room house: cheap rent;
easy term; or cheap for cash. 74? O'Farrell.
CARItlAC.KS AMI WAUO.XS.
, ALL kinds of wacons, buRgles. carts, harness,
et.-.. chean. KOAN & SON. T117 Mission jst^
'¦ TWO horses _T.'i ltv*.. harness, wapon, cow. A<1- i
i dress E. P.' ERICgaON. lftOi 32d ht.. E..OaKlO. ¦
! AN A No. 1 express wairon. single, als.i llciit j
1 " can-.pinp: wacon. for sale cheap. 532 Mission. ;
NEW & M-fcand wagons, buggies, carts & har- j
; n< , rf .. -,01k & driving hordes. K.th A- Valencia. ;
SriRITl'ALISM.
; ARKIVED— Mrs. Dr. Farnham. world-renowned I
I * Fpirltual medium; advice in all affairs of life, I
lawsuit*, divorces, deaths; unites the sepa- ;
ratf-d- mining a specialty: clr».Sun..Wed..Fri. ]
; «•»•?¦ come and be convinced. (Permanently) ;
513 Eddy Ft., bet. Hyde and LatUtn: no sign. ;
: MMC YOl'NO'S test circle to-night. Occidental .
; Hall 20:. Larkin. 10c; test meet; to-morrow .
; nifrhr. Ncptvne Wigwam. Webster-ft. eta.. \
: A!am<Mla. 101c; com*, gke:.tios. ;
MRP. HAItl-AND'S teance to-niKht; prophet!.- j
i tefts, 10c; trance sitt.; bus, read. 14S .Sixth, j
' MME. MAJORS, K'Tfi Fpiritual medium,
healer ar.d card reader. 132 rixth st.. room 1. J
' MRS STODDARD; wonderful meFRages Tues., j
1 Thurs. ard Pun., S i>. m., 10c. 27S Sth; Bitting^ ,
: •TONPI,'LT WATSON." IJSJ Market, nr. 12th: i
""professional" palmist and medium; 2Jc, 50c. j
CIRCLE to-night; convincing test S p. m.; Mrs. >
Maxw.H; readlosa daily. |238 Howard st.
MRS. I>h_5TER — Circles Sun.. Tues.. Fri. eve t , !
10c; readings Oaiiy. 200 Turk st.. room 4.
ATTEND Mrs. Dunham's circle of truth; 2. 8 i
p. m. 14 McAllister st.. rm. 3.'.; admission 10c. \
' SANTA TERESA, the Mexican healer, at 1610 i
I California st. ;
PROF. GEE. medlum-Siartllng tests; circles i
1 every r.isht, 10c; readings. 5<k\ $1. 148 Cth. !
! FKIENDPHII-" Hall. 33.1 McAllister— Mrs. C. J. )
Me>«r. «=it. daily; convince tests to-niRht; 10c. *
i MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, busi- ;
n<-f« mw 1 !'!-. li^e wp^r: fittings tl. 1104 Mkt. j
CL.VIUVOVAXTS.
I MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card :
! reader, born with double veil & second sipht. j
, .lia_noses disease with life reading : ladles !
I "Ac. Bent II: palm -& clair. Fit. $1 50. 126 Turk. ;
j ISMAR, the Egyptian _yps7 clairvoyant and j
! palmist, permanently located lUS Market, opp. j
i 6th: private readings daily. 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. :
'. MRP. E. PANIJERS. 514 -Taylor St.. near Geary i
— Clairvoyant, palmist ar.<1 business medium; !
1 I ladles' circle Thurs.. 2 p. m. ; Frl. S; cir. 25e. j
i MME. UERNAKD, reads life fluently; sdvlee 1
: piven in all affairs In life; satisfaction Kuar-
: anteed: 2ic up. 17 Third ft., next Examiner, j
'¦ JUST returned.'' UBS. E. L. DAXTB, clairvoy-
: ant. card reader; mental questiens answered;
! ladle*. 25c; sentF, 60c. 34 Sixth st.. room C.
! MME. A. OEKVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
! fortune teller. Blves best advice In difficult
matters. 13 F\;lton 5t.. near Larkin.
1 ?.EMDAR. youne. Rifted clair., card rei'ier;
1 ¦ naoies given; 10 to 9. 3 Fulton St., rms. Ti-ZO.
¦ CLAIRVOYANT, mineral psychonietri«t. palm-
I 1st and card reading, 25c. 12-il 1^ Market st.
I MME. ZEREDAi the pyriy, is the Rreat palm-
ist an«l card reader: 20c. 7 Seventh; no bIrti.
i aiMtT. BAKER, carl reader and palmiFt. room
; i 1.1. third floor. 1 »23 Mission'st.; no sisn. ,
! i MRS. CAMERON, card reader, medium: 27>c un.
SSJ Mission st.: don't forpet number; rlns bell.
' : I'.KS. E. M. DtTVALC clairvoyant and business
'_ ' medium. -52") flt-Men Gate ave.
! I MMK. HANSON, palmistry, card reader; past,
j j present, future. _>. 148 Sixth st., room 14.
. ! MRS. MKLV1LLE. well-known clairvoyant, wa-
; I ter reader, moved to 1\ Fixth: German Bpokeii.
: ; MMK. AUGUST, ' clairvoyant, card reader and
j palmistr>': truth or no pay; 2.">c. lit? Mission.
i • MME. 8CHAFFER." clairvoyant, card readier;
, ; *Utl-_- daily.- 212>A Sixth st. f
i MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
t ! advice; name-n clven: 25c up.| r. Fourth st.
' j CARPET HKATIXG AM) CLEASIXG.
• i STANDARD, 312 <luerrerrA^ulriaTnis^nd^TjIain^*
j ketB renovated. "5c per pair; carpets cleaned.
• j 3c yd.; laying a specialty. Phone M!.«Mon 106.
! WHEN yen become disgusted- with poor work
I *end to SPA17LT>ING"S I'loneer Carpet-Beat-
' inc Works. 353-r.7 Tehama Tt.; tel. South 40.
I 1 . _
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at Sc.
¦ ' ftTRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
I J. E. MITCHELL. Cari>et-Beatin_ and Reno-
, vatin< Co.. 2*0 Fourteenth St.; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-Reatlne Works. O. H.
. STEVENS, mgr^ 3S-40 8th «t : tel. South 2S0.
} ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. tCt Sutter St.;
1 teL Main S94. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-ReatlnK Works, 333 Golden
; Gate avenue; telephone Ea^t 126.
' CHIROPODISTS. ~~
r liUNIONJ* ingrown nails, corns, absolute cure.
. painless xonfult'n free. Dr. Duncan.415 Sutter.
I COLLECT1OX OKFICRS..
• GEOP.GE W. KEL1A"S A gency— No charge un'
. less succefsful. Room 210, J57 Market Bt.
1 ¦' ¦ ¦ -^
COTTAGES TO LET..
t A— COTTAGE. 4 Eunny "roomsTyaTtr Kefeh
• Second tt.. near Mall Dock.- •
I DOG llOSI'ITALS. -
I DR- BUZAJtD'S dog hcspluil. Post. Fillmore—
Ad»-ic« and medicine. 75c; city visits, $1 60; all
. enimais treated; dogs boarded. Tel. West 631
f Dlt. CreeljT-s C. P. mange cure and worm pills,
by di-ufc-sl-ts or at hoe_lt_1.519 Golden Gate ar.Supreme Vice Councilor George K. Rog
ers has recently visited Pomona Council
at Slsson. White Lily at Dunsmulr. Vac
avllle at Vacaville, Nevada at Nevada
City. Tahoe at Tmckee and Grass Valley
at Grass Valley. He reports them all In a
flourishing condition.* and the councils re
port that ,the visit of .the supreme officer
has arcrsed a great deal of enthusiasm,
Frederick Garrison. Mabel Osborne,
Julia McHugh, Carrie Dickinson, Helen
W. Mathews. O. "U Scoto and H. L. Bach
elder were selected as a committee from
Golden .Gate 'and- Volunteer, councila to
arrange a social entertainment to be given
by the two councils on the 25th Inst.
Order of Pendo.
Knights of Pythias.
Fairmount Lodge. Knights of Pythias,
conferred the page rank on three candi
dates, the rank of esquire on four pages
and that of knight on six esquires on the
night of the Sth inst. In Mission Masonic
Hall Jn the presence of a large number of
the members of the order.
Theofilio Bustamente Arrested on a
* Charge of Assault to Com
mit Murd<y:.
Theofilio Bustamente appeared In
Judge Cabaniss 1 court yesterday on a
charge of assault to -murder. He was
Instructed as to his rights and the case
was continued until October 23 to await
the"' result of the injuries to tho man he
Bustamente and Aurelio Avalle, G Card
allev had both been paying their ad
dresses to Miss Concepcion Gonzales, and
three days ago Avail? tried to stab Bus
tamenta. but tho knife was taker, from
him. They met again early yesterday
morning at the corner of. Oard alley ana
Stockton street, antl a flRht followed,
during which Bustamente stabbed Avalle
on the left arm and back. Avalle was
taken to the Receiving: Hospital and late*
to his home. It was reported he was . In
a critical condition. ,
Bustamente after the stabbing disap
peared, but Sergeant Christiansen soon
afterward found him in a yard in the rear
of 1CC3 Keamy street, where he was hid
ing. He will plead that he acted In self
defenae. - ; : _ ¦ '
Bustamente has a history. He accom
panied General Carlos Ezeta to Nicaragua
and was his right hand rnan- during the
rebellion. It Is said he spent all his
money In trying to get the Ezetas back
to power. He has recently been drink
ins heavily.
STABBED HIS RIVAL,
WHO MAY NOT LIVE
Edward L. Wagner has been appointed
chairman and Gus Pohlman secretary of
the joint committee that has charge of
the carnival ball to be given by. San
Francipco ar.d Golden Gate Aeries.
On the night of the 17th inst. Vallejo
Aerie will have a class of fourteen candi
dates to initiate. The work will be done
by a. team from San Francisco Aerie.
Vallejo Aerie celebrated the opening- of
its new hall last Wednesday by the initia
tion of fourteen candidates. There were
a number of San Francisco Eagles pres
ent on that occasion. J. AV. Elias was on
hand to join in the festivities of his aerie,
having Just returned from Redding.
Fresno, Stockton and Wateonville aeries
each had several candidates at the last
held meeting.
Sacramento Aerie is arranging for a
great big smoker in the near future.
The mortal remains of F. Campbell, who
was a member of Nelson Aerie and died
in this city n. few days since, were laid at
.rest by San Francisco Aerie, with the
ceremonies of the order..
San Francisco -Aerio has elected George
Dahlbender. M. Bernhelm and C. A. Kel!y
as Us druggists. Charles Shepard, a mem
ber of this aerie, has been on a tour of
visitation to aeries in Chicago and New-
York. Gustavo Pohlman, secretary of this
aerie, has been commissioned deputy
worthy grand president for California
during the absence of J. F. Cheetham
from the State.
San rancisco and Golden Gate aeries
have appolned a Joint committee to ar
ranKe for a grand earnl\#l ball to be
given in the Mechanics' Pavilion on the
eve of Thanksgiving. November 28.
Fraternal Eagles.
Within a Week— Major Reagan
Suffers a Relapse.
This is the day of the army mule at
the Presidio. Within the last week five
men have b^en severely injured by the
animals. Yesterday John Gal way, a pri
vate of Company E, Third Artillery, while
out driving with a comrade lost control
of the team of mules and before he could
subdue the fractious beasts was thrown
over a bank. He- fell underneath the
heavy cart and was picked up in an un
conscious condition. His right hand was
crushed and three of the fingers broken,
and he also sustained numerous bruises
about the head and body.
An insane patient at the general hos
pital attacked the hospital barber, who
was sent to cut the patient's hair. The
man seemed perfectly docile, behaving in
a rational manner, until the attendants
had left, when he jumped from the chair
and proceeded to handle the barber with
out gloves. The arrival of a half dozen
stewards prevented the patient from do
ing any serious Injury, but it required
their combined strength to subdue him.
It has been found necessary to keep him
in a straitjacket ever since.
Major Keaean, who was severely
wounded in the assault on Tientsin, and
who has since his return to this country
been under treatment at the general hos
pital la very ill. The gunshot wound In
the arm. which was apparently mending
rapidly, broke out^ afresh, prostrating the
major. "While his condition is serious a
fatal result is not expected.
Fifth Soldier Injured by the Brutes
ANOTHEE TROOPER HURT
THROUGH ARMY MTIXES
Redwood Camp will give an entertain
ment and dance in Union Square Hall on
the night of the 23d Inst.
Last Tuesday night Calumet Camp gavo
a smoker to its friends, a large number of
them attending. Past Htad Consul
Moses delivered a very Interesting
address during a collation that followed
the ordinary events in the lodge-room.
Among those who oruertair.ed the audi
ence were John Greaves, the Ball broth
ers, Keystone Quartet, Lawrence Vin
cent, L. F. Klein, J. Mayer, Fred B.
Swan. Willie Galvin and John Burns.
The credit of the success of the entertain
ment Is due to the entertainment com
mittee; consisting of Neighbors Tyrell,
Bennett. Darling, Kuhn, Wharton. Blais
dell and Adams. ¦
TamalpalB Camp has moved into the
new hall at 24 Fourth street and is now
established In one of the finest lodge
rooms in the city. Owing to the death of
a member of this camp the October so
cial will be skipped. Next Monday night
the degree team of Golden Gate Camp
will do the work for Tamalpals Camp in
the new quarters and aa this team does
Its work letter perfect it is probable th.it
there will be a large number of visitors
to witness it. A friend of a number of
the members of Tamalpals was elected
pome time since and It was expected
that he would be initiated last Monday.
His friends had arranged to give him a
grand rally, but they were disappointed
beyond measure when they saw him en
ter the camp, give the salutation sign and
comport himself as if he had been m
member for years. He had heard of the
proposed trick and was 4nltiatBd outsido
of Tamalpals Camp.
Tamalpals Camp having been the victor
in a contest for membership with West
ern Addition Camp, it will on the 31st
be the guest of the losing camp at a
banquet. The first named camp is ar
ranging for a. social club so as to give
functions on a more elaborate scale.
Golden Gate Cam? No. 64. which has
now attained a membership of 1200, will
at ltJ» next meeting cor.'sldtr a proposition
to increase the-.inltlaton foe to $W for a
period of six' months. Tho camp has also
under consideration a proposition to ar
range for a banquet for the members and
a latly for ekch member who shall attend.
It is expected that theie will bo 1S(W cov
ers laid and that it will rtqulre the Me
chanics' Pavilion to serve the supper. The
camp will at Us next meeting to-morrow
night have six candidates to Initiate.
Woodmen of the "World.
William G. Obenauer, proprietor of a
cyclery at 1S02 Devisadero street, charged
with disturbing! the peace by placing a
plncard in his window reflecting upon Po
liceman Isaacs "because Isaacs made him
take his rack off the sidewalk, there
by gathering a crowd, appeared before
Judge Cabaniss yesterday. He demanded
a trial by jury and the case was set for
October 22.
Herman Mueller, the clerk, residing at
130 Bart'ett street, who was arrested
farly Sunday morning for petty larceny
for stealing flowers from Christian Hell
wig's garden. 1236 Guerrero street, appear
ed before Judge Fritz yesterday. Hellwlg
declined to prosecute Mueller for the sake
of his family and the Judge dismissed the
cafe.
Mrs. Annie Engler.' Co Sixth street, swore
to a complaint in Judge Mogan's court
yesterday for the arrest of her divorced
husband. Samuel Mayer, on a charge of
threats against life. When the' divorce
was granted recently the wife got two
butcher shops as part. of the community
property. Since then she alleges that
Mayer has been standing In front of the
shop. 25 Sixth street, and annoying her.
Saturday he threatened to kill her and
she had to get a policeman to drive him
away.
Joseph Connelly, a machinist, was
standing at Sixth and Market streets
Sunday night when Miss Annie Gray, 602
O'Farrell street, passed. Connelly lifted
his hat and, using a courteous tone, so
he declares, Informed her that she was
holding her skirts too high. Miss Gray
was indignant and went in search of an
officer. She returned with one and Con
nelly was arrested for disturbing the
peace. The machinist appeared . before
Judge Conlan yesterday and the oase was
dismissed.
Lady Indignant.
Modest Joseph Connelly Makes Young
INCIDENTS OF -POLICE COURT.
Heirs.
The will of the late Isaac R. Hall,
whose estate is valued at JXO.000, w.as
filed for probate yesterday.
Though the bulk of decedent's estate
will revert to his helrs-at-law, many
Email bequests are contained in the will.
To Christene Power, decedent's stenog
rapher. Is bequeathed $1200 and to a.
niece. Mary Matthews, J10X). After dis
posing of his jewelry and personal ef
fects the testator directs that the resi
due of the estate be disposed of to those
who. under the laws of this State, are
entitled thereto, as though the deceased
had died Intestate.
Heirs-at-law of the deceased who will
share his fortune are . Abby H.
Woodworth. residing in Santa Bar
bara; Sarah H. Matthews, a sister; Jo
seph F. Hall. Kmma-H. Guldinger, Mrs.
Clara H. Conaway. Mrs. Mary Tatta. Ira
S. Hall, Lincoln Hall. Herbert Hall and
Arthur Hall, children of a deceased half
brother of the testator; Ralph Wood-
Worth, Mary Matthews, Fred Woodworth
and Mrs. Anna B. Anderson.
Fred Woodworth. who resides in San
Rafael, is named as executor of the will,
to whom special letters of administration
have been Issued.
Decedent's estate consists of 1000 acres
of land in Mendocino County, property
in Lassen County, various mines, inter
ests in steamship companies and real and
personal property in this city.
» ? «
American Companions.
Bay City Circle of the Companions of
tha Forest of America has arranged to
give an entertainment and hall In Union
Square Hall on the night of the 30th inst.
In aid of the general fund for the relief of
the Galveston sufferers. A number of
well-known people have volunteered for
.that occasion, and it is expected that
quite a handsome sum will be realized.
This circle at Its last held meeting initi
ated four candidates.
On October 2 Grand Chief Compan
ion Mrs. Kate Agee. accompanied by
Grand Sub-Chief Companion Miss Alice
Tlcoulet. Grand Financial Secretary Miss
Agnes D. Bremer. Grand Recording Sec
retary Mrs. Lizzie At wood. Grand Left
j'Gulde Miss M. McMurray. Grand Organ
ist Mrs. W; A. Donlon and Grand Trustee
Mrs. Helena Worms, paid an official visit
to Inter Nos Circle in Pythian Castle.
The hall was decorated with Japanese
effects and looked very pretty, while the
spirit of Americanism was displayed by
the distribution of a number of American
flags at >the various stations and on the
altar. There was a presentation of busi
ness methods and an exemplification of
the proficiency of the officers In the rit
ualistic and floor -work. Under eood of
the order there were entertaining ad
dre?sc3 by all the grand officers named,
many words of good advice being given
by the grrand chief companion. The grand
sub-chief astonished her hearerp by her
ability to deliver an ad.lrcss that -was full
of excellent suggestions. There were also
a few remarks by Sub-Chief Companion
Goodfrlend of Golden Era Circle, the chief
companion of Mizpah Circle. Atwood
qf Robin Hood Circle and the mode3t
member of Inter Nos. This was followed
by the presentation to the grand chief
companion from the circle of a Mexican
stamped leather purse in remembrance of
her pleasant visit to Inter Nos. Bunches
of golden chrysanthemums were presented
to the grand sub-ch!ef, grand financial
and grand recording secretary and grand
trustee. During 1 the evening the circle re
ceived by card Mrs. Muggier of the circle
in Merced, and received two applications.
The meeting was followed by a 'dance and
the servlns of refreshments and cakes.
As chairman of the committee on recep
tion. Mrs. Emma Harrington. P. G. C. C.
and M. E. O. W.. maintained hrr reputa
tion for ability to make everybody feel at
home.
On the night of the 3d the prand chief
companion visited Live Oak Circle, being
accompanied by Grand ¦ Sub-Chief Miss
Alice Tlcoulet. Grand Trustee Mrs. He
lena Worms, District Deputy Herman
Kohn and a large number of the mem
bership of Martha Washington and Lore
ley circles. The reports presented showed
that the circle is in an excellent condi
tion numerically, and that It had a sub
stantial bank account. The circle officers
did the work In a creditable manner and
were given words of commendation by
the visitors. The grand chief companion
and the grand sub-chief were In turn
complimented for the unusually instruc
tive addresses delivered. Icecream and
cakes were served to the visitors and
members.
Robin Hood Circle at Its last held meet
ing Initiated one candidate and received
one application. The circle has decided to
seek new quarters. Next month it will
hold its sessions in Red Men's Hall.
Verbano Circle of Oakland gave a so
cial last week which was well attended
and proved a very pleasant affair.
ISAAC R. HAIX'S WILL
IS FIXED FOR PROBATE
An Estate Valued at a Quarter of a
Million Bequeathed to.
A W More. Tesia
W If Murphy, P Alto
A L Oi<;>enheimer. Min
G 14 Cramer. N Y ¦
T Holland, Phlla
Dr J L Adams & vr.
New York
Miss L Dlngley, L» An;
M Dreschfield, N Y
J Fisher. N Y
F F Chase, Cinn
H B Chase. Clnn
D B Keily. NY
A B Macfarlane & w,
Canada
H 1) Macklnnon. B C
V W Haywood. B C
G F Peters & w. Can
R Miner & w. Los Ang
O T Johnson Jr. Cal
H S McKee & w, Pa
\\ McCreerj', Burin gm
W E Davidson, Ore
F S Ackerrnan, Yreka
F B Ackerman. Yreka
Miss I Loud. Ill
Mrs J G Woodworth.
Seattle ' ! ¦
G R Heyraan, Fhlla
D Pepper. Thlla
M Kocher & w, Japan
L Casnier & w, N T
J A McCusker. L».>a An
Mi.is 1. Ileanies, ,Or -
Miss Reames, Or
Mrs L A Terry. Sacto
Miss L E Terry. Sacto
Mrs Lion. San June
D C Wallace & w. Pa
H Cochran, Syracuse
J E Pitts. Clnn
C E Harterpec, Pa
PALACE HOTEL
GRAND HOTEL.
D Levr, Williams
P W Oliver, Weavervll
J M Drooks. Loe Ang
J Kullman. Benicia.
J H Grave.", Pan Jose
F E Huriow, Los Ang
P Dvnbar. Bakersfteld
J T Figueroa, S Quen
W E Dorn, San Quanta
P Bradley, Vte Home
T Thompson. Cal
Mrs T L Knock. Cal
F M Blanchard. Kern
P U WHllace, K«rn
T J OTV11. Indiana
A Wilheimer. Fresno
J W Oocker Vc w, Or
G K Mulr. Portland
J L. Thompson, Tacorea
R U Nicar & w. Spokn
T R Stnck»-tt Jr. Seattl
O Eider. Oreson
J L. Taylor. Chicago
C B Dlckson, Los Ang
G G Lrfuiptry. Cal
J W Brunton. Los An?
E B Paiton, Honolulu
L. B Uawley. Troy
J D Ludwiir, Kev
L. J Manson, Boston
IV H Kvans. Arluckle
W K Cole, Martinez
F H Wilson. Chicago
A H BcbnabM. KewcaU
II A Falrbank. Sacto
J O Taylor. Loveli>ck
H K Stohe. San Jose
G Beecher, Arizona
N Carmichael. Sacto
C H Plr.kham. N Y
J N Grepn. Cal
V Pendletoy. Saxatopa
Miss 1'endleton. £aratg
F M Martin. S»ba-«;toi)l
R Knsil.-h, Salt Lake
It F Woodman. Spokne
L du Pont Syle, berk
T Tor.nhe. Osaka
M Kano, Osaka
S Hori, Osaka
Y Inonye, f»saka
Y Sugita, Osaka
T Taknkl. Onaka*
T Hayaini, O»aka
J Matsumato, Osaka
II liiona. Osaka'
E T Clowe, Woodland
\V II Hrvnsall, Los Ang
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
The exporting firm cf J. Brett & Co. has
failed for $302,i&3 50. The petition In insol
vency was H!ed in the Lniied States Dis
trict Court yesterday morning. The as
sets of the linn are announced as $213,
tit>3 05.
The failure ia one of the biggest that
has occurred In this city in a long time,
and It is the more^ serious because cf the
small hope of the rirm continuing in busi
ness. It is not believed It can survive
the blow. The cause of the failure lies
In the recent and sudden bankruptcy of
J L,. and E. Knechti bankers, of Paris,
France, who were the financial backers
of the Brett Company and were supposed
to be very wealthy and tnoroughly e,uun«l.
They failed tor several "million franc*,
ana in their fall they carried the tJrett
Company.
'Hit lirm of Jules Brett & Co. Is com
posed of J. L. and K. Knecht of Paris,
Julc-sChaipentierof Mazatlan, Mexico, and
Jules Brett of this city, manager of the
company. It has done business here for
two ami a half or three years. The firm
dealt in silks and European goods, Jap
anese goods, Chinese goods and general
exporting business. All bills were paid
u> drafts upon the Knechts in Paris.
When the Knechts failed thousands of
dollars In the paper of the Brett Com
pany came into the bank and it could not
be paid, so the Brett Company could do
nothing but seek, the courts with a peti
tion in insolvency.
The insolvent firm owes to Paris bank
ers more than $00,000. Its American cred
itors are: Ladenberg, Thai man & Co., 4S
Wall street. New York, $33,579 11; North
American Trim Company, 135 Broadway,
New York, $50,021 6S: First National Bank
of this city. J19.336 S3: Guaranty Trust
Company of New York. $16, S01 59: Bank of
California, San Francisco, $20,210 30; Kess
!er & Co., New York. $S921 63;' New York
Agency of th^ Bank of Montreal, 175,
154 <«: Schulz & Pu«kaber, New York,
$>900 42; G. Amsinck & Co., New York.
$31 Cl hi.
The principal assets are summed up as
follows: Stock. S7S.000; claim against the
Knechts, S3»j.lio; due the firm on open ac
counts. $70,000; money in bank. $26,000.
Process .will have to be served on the
Paris partners before the Insolvency pro
ceedings can be completed, and in ¦ the
meantime the business will be carried on
as best it run. The failure is looked upon
as an unforiunate but unavoidable dis
aster and one which does not in any way
reflect upon the honesty or business abil
ity of iir. Brett. It was supposed that
the Knechts of Paris were financially
pound as a nut, and their sudden failure
carried with them nearly all that had
reiled upon their backing.
Liabilities $302,000 and Assets
$218,000 — Failure of French
Banking House Causes Col
lapss of Concern.
J. Brett & Company Forced
to File a Petition in
Insolvency.
BIG EXPORTING
FIRM FAILS FOR
A LARGE AMOUNT
The necessity for a series of confer
ences such as the successive Monday
luncheons provide for Is based on the pro
posed recommendations to be made for
legislation touching water rights, etc.
The engineer corps that has worited In
the field during the summer months has
reported quite fully concerning the legal
tangles, snarls and existing status! of. the
water problem at large, after investiga
tion of records, minutes of boards of Su
pervisors and decisions. It also has made
recommendations concerning legislation.
"At our luncheon each Monday," said
Mr. Thomas yesterday, "we will discuss
all these recommendations. The outcome
will be the foundation of a legislative pro
gramme. The time for drafting the nec
essary bills for enaction Into law Is none
too long. The matter is of such great im
portance to the State that deliberate con
sideration and a free expression of opin
ion is 'needed. The recommendations of
the engineers are now only rough drafts."
Mr. Thomas does not claim that the
luncheon meeting plan is original, but It
seems to be practical. The tlrst gather
ing of the advisory committee members
In this way will be held next Monday.
The Supervisors of Monterey County have
just appropriated tlOOQ out of the general
fund to complete the work on the Salinas
River.
William Th<jmas "has devised a scheme
to jet together the members of the ad
visory council of the California Water
and forest Association for conference.
Mr. Thomas Is president of the associa
tion. A vast amount of important busi
ness must be transacted before the meet
ing of the Legislature in January. The
members of the advisory committee arc
busy men and it is difficult to get them
toRether Ions enough to consider deliber
ately the work in hand. Mr. Thomas has
finally solved the problem. Yesterday the
oiflce force cf the Association was busied
in preparir.p and sending out notices that
the members are Invitee from now on to
meet ewry Monday at the Maison Riche
at luncheon.
California Water and Forest Associa
tion Preparing to Utilize Infor
mation Gained in Field "by
Engineers.
Thomas Adepts Scheme to
Get Together an Ad
visory Committee.
LEGISLATION
TO BE SHAPED
AT LUNCHEON
11
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1900.
BAILBO AD TBAVEL.
Leaves San Francisco, via Sausalito Ferry- '
WEEK DAYS... .5:15 a. m.; 1:45 and 4:00 d. ra.
SUNDAYS 8:00. 10:CO. 11:30 and 1:15. p. m.
Tare, Baa Francisco to Summit and Return!
ft 40..
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NOTV OPEN
Ticket Offices. 621 Market et-. Bauaallto Ferry.
ROOMS TO LET— Fnra. and Unfurn.
GEARY. 774— Large well furnished sunny eulte.
with use of bathroom, in quiet private family.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. SVi— Sunny front room,
cuitabie far two gentlemen.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1050—2 well-furnished
rooms, suitable for gentlemen; free telephone.
. GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1060— 2 or 3 well-furnished
rooms for light housekeeping; gas stove; free
telephone.
GRANT* BOUTHKBN. noutheaet corner Seventh
and M:«>>lon its.— Sunry rooms, en suite or
tirs'.e; ladle*' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
HOWARD.' 1118— Large sunny bay-window and
I alcove; a!i>.i s'.ncle rooms.
LARKIN. 707. rear Ellis— Slrgrle front room '
! with private family; rent (16; furnished.
| '-AS PALM A P. is:o Market it.— Suite of 2 or 3
I rn:«.; private; bath; *in. rms.; boar J optional.
J McALLISTF.R. t39— Double parlors ar.d kitchen;
! g3Le; bath: house; use of stove.
I MINNA, C4S, nr. Sth— 2 large nnhy unfurnished
en second floor; entirely separate; reasonable.
j MINNA. Cirr. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, fi ptr week; transient.
! MISSION, :TT>H. r.ear Th'rtsesth— Single fur-
Blrfaed room; running water; stove; bath;
laundry; $5.
j NEW ARLINGTON. «« Msrk-t rX. -Nicely
j furnished room* tr a week, up; lie a day up.
j OFAHRELL. Jfc- Punny furnished rooma and
! <-,ff5rt«; elevator: »l»ctr;c lights: day. wk.. mo.
! BOSEDALG House. 319 and 3M Ellis st.— Room*.
night ?:<: to Jl, week fi CS to $4; rp»n night.
ROYAL House. ZX Kills it.— Incandescent light:
[ readir.K-room. smckirs-rcom ar-d ladies' par-
lor; room*, per night. ?.:,c to Jl 50; week, J2 to
! IS; month. $i to J30; elevator on ground flior;
rooms with hot nt.i c..»!d witer; b«ith«.
• SHERMAN Arartmer.t Hcuse. CS» Elgtatb et..
r.ear Market— Furnirhed Cr unfurnished.
SIXTH. ISC— Sunny furnishei rooms fcr light
rsousffkeppirs: other rooms.
BITTTER, 717. r.«"ar Taylor— 3nnnr. choice, rea-
gpnable; please Investigate; bath.
•¦ 11.1'K. iy> — Furnished tunny rooms for 1 or I
; gtr.ts, rir rcan and wife.
1 TURK. £?1— Front room «ui:able for 2 young
»ntn.
! WASHINGTON, inro— Sunny furnished room?
to l*t: single or en suite; best of family board
; served tf desired.
; 3 LTCFURNISHED toorr.s to let. Inquire at
UC1 Clay st., cornrr Masor..
j
! CLASSIFIEO Edvcrtle^ni-nts cr.d suhscriptiens
; received at Call branch nfnee. 220" Fillmore st.
j A BRANCH office for Call aivertlsement« and
F-jb«rrirt!cns has be c n established at 1C?6 Va-
lencia st.
! — —
1 A WEHK'S news for I cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pace*, in wrapper, for mailing. 11 per year.
ROOMS AXD BOARD.
! DOARD and rooms at 41S First st.. near Har-
I risen.
j FIRST-GLASS modern family hotel; very sunny
I 'y-jcms; fir." table. 16'"q California et.
VAN NESS ave.. «£•>— Nicely furnished front
rooms, with board. us<? parlor, piano, phone.
1 TWO rocms fr<r I gentlemen: centrally located;
privileges. Address \^x SS47. Call office.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
NOTICE is hereby given that the Maria Kip
Orphanage ni 520 Lake st.. San FrancUeo. ha?
receive:! the following orphan and "half-or-
phans from Ju'.y 1 to October 1. 1900: Ameila.
A. L. Dienst. 11 years S months :> Emma Alice
Piar.to. I years 4 months; Emily O'Nell, 4
years 5 months; Henrietta B. Clark, 9 years
j 5 months: Edna C\*csc;lia, 7 years 4 months:
Irc-r.e Corscilia. 3 years: Mary Ellen Morgan.
10 years 4 months; Lucy Rose Morgan. S
! year? S months.
! LADIES— Chichesier's English Pennyroyal PiUs
are the best; Eafe. reliable; take no other;
fend *c stamps for particulars; "Relief for
Ladi^e*" in It-tt^r by return mail; at diug-
g!*ls. Chichester Ch-mical Co., Philaiel.. Pa.
: EAD tenants ejected for $4; ecllectlons mai'.e;
city r. r country, PACIFIC COLLECTION CO.,
4:5 Montgomery st.. rorirr.s S-10: tel. .";,' ¦.
j sl:wi\g maciiixf.s and supplies:
'• ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchange j; re-
rairir.g lowest rates; ojvn even. 105 Fourth.
j IiOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired; needles and
bhttttlea; reduced rates. H5 €th; phone Mint 45. ;
j ALT. kir.15 bought, sold and rejiairing guarar.- I
' tffj. <-harlf« I-lambe^k. 1S15 Mlgglon. nr. 'Sth'. j
STORAGE '.i«|
EEKIVS Van and Ptorsge Co.. T22 Mission st.;
t*l. Main 1*4S; thiiping at cut rates.
»» II.^OJC UTtOS., storage, and moving: covered '
UT.s. Tenth end Market; phone south "K.
| PACIFIC Ptorace and Furniture Moving Com-
rany. '^u Fillmore »t. : phone Jackson 2sL j
j SLOT MACHINES.
] BOUGHT and gold; new and ser-ond-hand; large
¦jisriay: wy ch»aii. 621 Market, room 22).
STABLES TO LET.
! BARN 12 *ta!l« to let, with lot 70x100. Apply
I fit ill Ninth st.
DIVIDEND XOTX«?ES.
OFFICE of Fireman's Fund Insurance Com-
pany. Fan Franr-isco. Oot. 15, 1900— At a reg-
ular meetin™ of ih- board of directors of
this comi'an}-. held this day. a dividend was
declared, payable on and after Oct. 17, 1509.
LOUI8 WEINMANN, Secretarj'-
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. $4 (23c per
share) of the Hutchinson S-igar Plantation
Company will be r>ayable at the office of the
company. No. 227 Market rt.. OS and after
Saturday, October 2<\ 1&-"K). Transfer books
i v.131 close on Paturdav. Oct<-b*r 13. i<?y) at 12
oVlrrk m K. H. SHELDON.. Secretary.
LEGAL ADVERTISE3JKXTS.
i _^ r
NOTICE— Taxes due upen assessments made
by the Board of Equalization— Control-
ler's Dt-j.anment. State of California. Sac-
ramento. October 9. 1900. — In accordance with
the prevision* of Section !66S cf the Political
Code, notice is hereby (riven that I have re-
ceived from the Ftate Tjoard of Equalization
the "Duplicate Record* of Assessments cf
Riilway*" and the "Duplicate Record of Ap-
portionment of Railway Assessments." con-
taining the aFfe*#ments upon the property of
eaxh of the following named association* or
corporation?, as fixed by said State Board of
Kqualization for the year 1900. to-wlt:
C'r.tral Pafinc Railroad Company. South
Pacific C^ast Railroad Company, Southern Pa-
; clnr Railroad Company, Southern California
! Motcr Rest! Company. Carson and Colorado
' Railroad Company, California Northweetem
j Railway Company Op.sseps San Francisco and
: North TaciRc Raiirrarl). Santa Fe Pacific Rail-
! read Company, San Fr.inrlseo and San Joaquin
! Valley Railway Company, Southern California
! Railway Company. North Pacific Coatt Rall-
road Company, Paclnc Ccast Railway Cora-
1 pan.v, . Pajaro Valley Consolidated Rail- '•
j road Comi^ny, Nevada County Narrow-
j Oaure Railroad Company. Nevada-California-
I Orecbn Hallway Corr.par.y. Alameda und Ka:i
1 Joaquin Railroad Company. Sierra Railway
j Company cf <"allfr.rnla. Ranrleburg Rallway
Corr.pany. Goalala Itlver Railroad Company.
I Fierra Val!ey? Hallway Company, California
i and Nevada P.a!;rnad Company. San Francisco
i and San Mateo (Electric-) Rallniad Company 1
I and Pullman's P?.iace Car Company.
The Stale ar.d cour.ty taxes" on all personal
, property, and one-half of the State and county
j taxe? on all real property are now due and
I livable, and will be delinquent on the las'.
Monday In November next at 8 o'clock p. m
and- unless, paid to the State Treasurer at the
Capitol, prior thereto. Z per cent will be rdded
to the amount thereof. Rnd uaieM s.i.oaid on'
cr before the la?t Monday in April hext. tt 6
o'clock p. m..-an adijitlrnal 5 per cent wili
be added to the amount thereof.
The remaining ore-halt of the Stat» and
county taxes on a!! real property will be due
j and payable »t any time aft»- the first Mon-
day In January next, and will be delinquent
cr. the last Mrmday in April n*xt. at 6 o'clock
j jj. m.. and unless paid to the State Treasurer. :
( at the Capitol, prior thereto. B per cent will
be added to the amount thereof.
E. P. CQLGAN. Controller.
CUSTOM-HOUSE. Fan Francisco. CaT Octo^
ber 1, 1J-.O— Notlte: Certain aoods remalnlntr
cne year !r. bonded warehouse will be eold
at tuWic auction et the United Stntes \t,.
prai.^r't store en the 24th of October .fj.y.
gn V^d^t^hf b^SS o^'ote
I'llOI-OSALS.
SEALF.D proposals will be T^ivrtTaTthTofC
flee of Hrashtw. Iiulkicy A- Co.. 4S Fremont
ft.. Fan Francisco. Cal.. until 12 o'clock noon
OCTOBER 1STH. 1M0. fcr furnishing freTof
expense of deUvetr. at Honoluiu. H? T . the
followir.* marhlnery-
Bidden, to «ate time required to make de-
livery, and to furnlah explicit *pe>clScat!ona
of what they propone furnishing: l - n "°" J1
One double cylinder, double friction drum
hoisting engine, complete with boiler; enjtlne
to >« similar in fi**l sn and , tee t0 ma^*
UlUFtrated and described on panes 31 «rd 35
of the American Hoist and Derrick Co 'a' cat
alccrue. !».'-'« edition.
As r Ki)bi.tit-Jte for th* above, bids will
olf<» »« received for a double cylinder, double
fr.ction drum hoisting enulne, complete with
boiler: cnclne to be similar in deslrn and
eize to engine number 2S. illustrated and de-
scribed on paers 2C and 27 of th« American
Hoist and Uerrtck Co.'s catalogue, lsS5-'6
edition.
r>. J ;,. A *^- 1^ CA^ DLESS ' Superintendent of
PuUIc Honolulu. H. T. \
TYPEWTllTERS -AXD SUPPLIES. -
GREAT BARGAIN3 IN TYPEWRITER?— We
iell better machines for les* money than any
house In the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. £36 California; telephone Main 168.
ALWAYS bargains in typewriters; any make.
Write for prices to L. & II. ALEXANDER,
110 Montgomery at. '¦&
MABEIAGE LICENSES.
The followlns marriaffe licenses were issued
yesterday:
Donald B. Beadle. 32. Oakland, and Theresa
Alexander, 14, 3CH Washington Ftreet.
George Nimmo, 3.1, 164S Hyde street, and Lena
Bchnepple, 24. iiO s! i HroEiway.
Alfred Wyd!er. 33, S34 Bush street, and Mar>'
lliurmann, 21. 334 Bush street.
Lruts Ljjskin. 2S, Jerome, Ariz., and Cecilia
Frar.kel, IS, city.
Edward Kins, 33, 157 Oak Ftreet. and Arnes
L. Bradley. 33. CH Push street.
William K. i.Yalg, 20. i^OO Point I,ohoi= avenue,
ar.d llunie Quinn. 24. 2412 Geary street.
Alfred Ja^ge. 23. 415 Eddy street, and Edith
H. liarth. IS. in Val-neia street.
Pan!*-! Fihlckorn. 30. K Seventh strict, and
Kate Nevins. 40. ZZ<) I^eaven worth street.
Ferdir.ando Siml, 2«. 2"H0Vi Mason street, and
Mary rarc!;r.l. tt, C36 Bryant street.
"ElRYBS^ARRIAGES-DEATHg,
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the r.arne and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
LKVT-In this city. October 15. 1500, to the
wife of Harry M. Levy, a eon.
TKEISEN— In this city. October ?. l*<>0. to the
wife of Adolpfa Theisen, a daughter.
WIKKING— In Oakland. O.-tober 9. lS'JO. to the
•wife of H. Witk:ng. a daughter.
MARRIED.
ADAMS— MOORE— In th'.s city, October 10. 1M>C,
by the ltev.Jchn J. Prentlergriif.t. Harry M.
Ariams of Spokane, Wash., and Jo^epnine A. 1
Moore <.¦! Francisco.
AIUMS~I!OWAHU-lr. this city, October 14, 1
1SC0. by tiie Rer. S. D. Ilutslnpiller. Walter
C Adams of Santa Itosa and Hannai L.
Howard of <an Francisco.
CAr:LSON-SOl>EKMAN- In this city. October I
14. Ueo. by the Kev. Dr. E. Nelan.ler. pastor ,
or the First English Lutheran Church. Axel 1
Edward Carlson and Louisa Soderman. both J
of San Francisco. ;
MALM— TURKBULLr-In this city, October 15. |
19C0. by the Hrv. H. T. Shei<ard, pastor of '¦
Olivet Congreeatlor.al Church. Charles A. j
Malm Jr. of San Francisco and Grace II. '
Turnbull of Alameda.
SEIFRIED-LAY— In this city, October 14, 1900.
by the Rer. J. M. Buehler, Lawrence Sel- j
fried and Emma Lay.
TREWARTHA— COI'E— In this city. October 14.
IVvO. by vhe Rev. S. I>. Hutsinpiller. Joseph
Trewartha of Sonora, Cal.. and Beatrice Cop*
of San I-Yuneisco.
DIED.
Blach. Johanna McNeil!. Lizzie G.
Blehdon. William F. Manning. Matilda
Hoyl-n. Alice Nystrcm, Car! :
Brock, John O'Brien. Daniel
Clemens, Sarah Pettersen, Emma
Conner, John I. Reilly, Mary A.
Curtis. Mary M. Rich, Louis
Gehl, Louis Tonnissen, Lydia L.
Gundersen. Ellen F. Untinn. Aloysius
Hanks. Walter S. Videau. Maggie
Jones, Charles E. Violich. Chester ;
Kortick, Rosalyn II. Ward. John V.
Lloyd. Grace T. White, Peregrine P.
McEllisott, James
I BLACH— In this city, October 13, 1300, Jo- '
t banna, beloved wife of Dr. Charles Ulach, ;
I inn t her of Mrs. Colman Blach and Bert and ]
i Flcra Blach, ased 02 years 3 months and s» i
I days.
!C?"Friend9 and acquaintances are respect- |
j fully invited to ettend the funeral this day :
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from the family ',
: residence, 121S Kllis street. Interment Horn-? 1
of Peace Cemetery, by 11:30 a. rn. train from '
Third and Tcwr.senii streets-
BLEHPON— In this city. October 15, l?00, Wll-
IUun F. Blehdon, a native of Germany, aged •
lb years.
IE?" Friends and acquaintance* are respect- !
fully invited to attend the funeral to-ranrnw i
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Charles H. Jacob 61 Co.. 31S Mason
street. b» tween O'Farrell and Geary. Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
BOYLEX-In the City and County Hospital.
October 14. 1900, Alice Boylen. a native of
Ireland, ased Zs yeprs.
BROCK— In the City and County Hospital, Oc-
tober 14. 1900. John Brock, a native of Hoi- j
land, azed 60 years.
CLEMONS— In New Hartford. Jt. Y.. Septem- •
ber 2o. l'XKi, Sarah Gibson demons.
CONNER— In San Bernardino, September IS, ;
IKjQ. John Irvine Conner, ated 7S years.
Cl-'RTIS— In this city. October 11. 1S*C<J. Mar}' I
M.. wife of Joseph F. Curtis, and mother of
Jepsle, Dcmptey and Elwood. Curtis, a native
of IUinoiiv aged 3i year?.
Zy Friends acd ac'iuaintaures are respect- I
fully invited to attend the funeral this day ;
<Tu«>Bi'.ay>. at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi- '
denre. Vi2'l Senchez street. Interment Cypress ;
Lawn Cemetery, by electric car from Eight- \
epnih ai:d Guerrero strf-et.«.
GEHI^-ln this city. October 15. l!<00, Louis
Oehl, a native of Berlin. Cermany, aged 7; I
5>ars anil 10 months. A member of Interna- '.
tlor.al Ci^armakers' Union.
t7"FrU-r.'I« anl acquaintances are respect- !
fully invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
October I s . at 2 o'clock, from the parlors :
of Theo. Di«"rks, Vhl Mission strf-et. thence to ;
Oiid I*'ellri\vs' Crematorium, whrre the re- ]
mains v.- i 1 1 be incinerated.
OUNDERBEX— In this city. October 15, 1300, \
E'.len France.*, ('.early beloved daughter of.
Cornelius and Marguerite Gundersen. and sis- \
ter of Frank OumSers«-n, a native of t-an ¦
Francisco, agfi 7 years and 2 months.
CvTriends and acquaintances kti> re?pfct-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow '
(Wednesday), at 1» o'clock, from the residence :
of her parents. T22',i Clementina street, be- ¦
tween Elphth and Ninth. Howard and Kol- 1
Fom. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery".
HANKS— In th'.s city, October IS, 1900, Walter !
Stanley Har.ks, a native cf Cleveland, Ohio, i
tS^att'e rai>ers rlease copy.)
C^The lunerai p<?rvices^ will take, place J
to-morrow < Wednesday). at\ll o'clock, at the 1
residence, Ml Polk street. Interment private, j
JONES-In this city, October 11, 1SW, Charles i
E. Jones.
Ct?"Fr!eri<l= and acquaintances are re»p«»ct- ;
fully invited to attend the funeral this day ;
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
j. C. O'Connor & Co., 7C7 Mission .street. In- \
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
KORTICK— In this city, October 15, 1S00. Rosa- I
lyn Hope, beloved daughter of Thomas 11. and
Anna M. Kortick, and Eister of Clifford and j
Ernett E. K^rtick, a native of San Fran- i
Cisco, ac^d 1 year.
LLOYD— In this city. October 14, 1900. Grace j
T.. beloved wife of Frank H. Lloyd, a nativ
of Virginia City, Nevada, aged 2S years and |
11 menths. (.Virginia City, Nev., papers j
please copy.)
CrrThe funeral will take place this day j
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parioru i
of the United Undertakers. 17 and 25 Fifth ;
ttreet. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery, j
McELLIGOTT— In this city, October li, 19W, |
Janit?, beloved h'JFband of the late Mary Me- ;
Elli<<itt. loviiiR father of Man' and Gerald i
Mcjilligott, and brother of William and Tom :
McEllisott. a native of the parish *of Duagii. I
County Kerry, Ireland, aged 13 yea.rs.
C3"FrI<nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the par- j
lors of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission I
Btreet, thence to St. Joseph's Church for |
services. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
McNEILL*— In Napa. October 13, 1900. Lizzie
Glover McNeill, relict of the late C. F. Mc-
»111. a native of Kent, England, aged 52
MANNING— In this city, October 14, 1500, Ma-
tilda, beloved wife cf Henry J. Manning,
mother of John W., George and Frank Man-
ning, a native of County Suffolk. England.
{T^Frlinds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 171 Collins strtet. near Point Lobos
avenue, thence to St. Stephen's Church, Ful-
ton street, for services. Interment Masonic
¦ Cemetery.
NYSTROM— In San Rafael, October 14, 1DC0.
Carl Nystrom, beloved husband of Olivia
Nystrom, and father of Agnes, Lily and Ed-
ven Nyttrom, a native of Sweden, aged J2
yea rs
IT'Friends and accualntances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow j
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. A street, between Fourth and Fifth,
Fan Rafael.
OBHIKN-In this city, October 14, 1S00,
Daniel O'Brien, a native of County Water-
ford. Ireland, aged 60 years.
CTThe funeral will take place this day
.'Tuesday), at t:ZO o'clock, from the parlors
of J C O'Connor & Co., 7C7 Mission street,
thence to St. Mary's Church (Paulist), where
mars will be said at 9 o'clock. Ipterment
Holy Cross Cemetery, by. 10:40 train, from
Third and Townstnd streets.
PETTEIlfc'EN— In Port Townsend, October 8.
1X0. Emma, dearly beloved wife of Captain
K. l'ettcrsen, mother of Edna and Ruth Pet-
tersen. and daughter of Henry and Louisa
Steinhagen. a native of Lubeck, Germany,
a«ed 24 years 2 months and 23 days.
CTKrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Mount"
Olivet Cemetery.
HEILLY— In this city. October 13. 1900. Mary
A., wife of Charles P. Reilly, mother of Annie
M. Lanjardlere, and niece of Mary Reilly, a
HENRY «J. GALLAGHER CO..
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher).
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FL*NEUAJL, DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3.
SO Firth bC. opposite Lincoln School.
Telef>bon* South 69.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS. I
n and » Fifth »t. Tel. South 167. ** I
ICKEEAL DIRECTORS AND EMHALMES3. I
Finest Equipment at Moderate 'Rate*. I
PERSONALS.
BCXTB to order from $15 up on easy payraents
The Richelieu. Tin) Market 'st.. n*-ar Geary.
t?l ITS to ortier on easy rayrnrnts. Art Tallor-
Ing Co.. :c« MUt.. tisder St. NMcholaa Hotel.
OT-U Kold, BtJvcr, <iiHT.r>r.'is and precious stones
bcaght. J. R. JEN'KHL. f'S, Market st.
X1AIK cuickly curled or ¦»ar*d by u«ir* Tal-
cotfn curling f.u'.d; Sic a bottle; druggists.
ALFPXDfMS EcypUaa Her.na r.j;«.r7 s crav
ha'.r to its naiuraJ color; tl. at al! drupgists".
CAST-OFF . lo'.hinc. oM rolrt ani »!iver tourhf '
srr.d ro5tnl. OJI.EMA.VS, C<6 hVair.y.t
tf FHYSIClAXSf AX1>£ STOGEOXS.
.'-IH Market W: Twa p !rth &r . A seventh
REAL CS rATC~-CIT\~rFOir~s7LJ^
G P E .-N TE^. F *?. Tranclscrwy^, BW.O00 people
in U0»; \ar. Ness ave.. the retail center job-
bing ar.d manufacturing, extending to Ninth
and Ls.!k'.r. iU. Do you kn^w th» oil Jf-vel-
cprner.t ha? ;ricr-a««-d the- wealth of r a !!for-
r.ia »iO.feX'.C«« ttis year tod (S06.OMt.OM wlU be
n-.ade in oil Ja the next 5 years' LV> you
khow that China and the Phllipr'.aes mean
hundreds of millions to us yearly? Are you
awake to the poss'.bmties and j>rosr<eets of
r.ew San Francisco? Van Nesa ave. the re-
tail center. »i;i hell lor Jl>»j a front foat.
Market et. 110.000 aad Pacific ave. II2B6 a
iront foci; yes, and the lots west of ?tanyan
«.. cit to the teach, will sell at *SGoO snd
S-jCiCO each; this happened in Chicago anJ New
1 crk ar.d it will haj>i>en here. Do y.jii realize
that rr.on?y judiciously lnveste-1 will yield in
laereasa in vaiue and income fr. m 10 to 15
per cent net? The tar.ks •rtll pay J per cent.
l>o you rfailze that the real va'.ue» are in
real estate? Have you $T&<«J cr K(X.t,C«»? Do
ycu »ar.t bnsjrvw property flats ur a reei-
<Senre? Come in *nd l^t u* talk th- tnatt^r
over. U> have g-ooa rroperties paying- 10 per
cer.t net. besideii- increase In vsuue. TUT-
W.E. €53 Market «.
CKOICE SEAL EtTATK INVESTMENTS
— AT—
A. M. SPFXTK & CO 1 ?, 667 Market Ft.
1^.000— nmt brrestmetat tver oCtered: lot ij"i
t e»i front en llllis ?t. ; grarifi lrnprove-
rr.er.tf: re^tg. S'.C-X ; r.o cb&BCC In city
ever cTTt red to eqaa! ttle.
W*» Pm J37</; crand corner: all rented
S*Z,i€«i— l'ays s per c« nt i.et ; irrai.d cumtr; one
tenant; lecze I peers.
f30,00(>— Her.ts %'i:z: r.ew iir.;rovemert«.
I21.000— FtW stcjvt end t T:-.'.?; rents j:02; 73
feet front; fine l^arealn.
S",^ro— Herts J345; new improvements.
J 10,250— Third et. buiinea property. *i-fcot
Iror.t.
$10,000— Elegant r.a'.». not far from Van Ness
ave.; rents (UHL
S?.000 — Grani Investment:. 100 feet front, with
Improvetneata, reating lor JKfl a
raontto.
fS.000 — Sture j roperty on Ninth St.. r.ear Mar-
ket: rery cheap.
17,500— Iler-.te $70; -ew Cats; r.ear Van N«>»
ave.
KWC^-Fonr f.ais; nil rented fcr til.
A. M. FPECK * CO.. 6S7 Market Ft.
KOR-E<~LC-5URn t»>. TTiUTsday. C><~t. 1«. at ir
r-'clock. at City Hr!1 entrance, Larkin St..
orp. FtiUcn. Lot i:S:l?xi:::6. on W line cf
FcurUftr.t!; »ve.. b<=t. • an1 J tin.
Lot Zlxzy; W lire of Sixteenth ave.. 150 feet
£ of II si.
J>t 2ixK-0, F line of H Ft.. J2:6 E cf Seven-
teenth avr. Th'.s last lot has the bon marine
view r.r. H Ft.; electric cans i.ass lot. For
le^al notice. ee« V< Bt.
MODEHX boiuu built; lowest pric«i; p'.ar.s and
e*tirr.ates furr.ish^c Casipbell. 1!47 Mission.
tT. r *i— JT.'PT ccrr.r'.eted: S-rocm e"tts?»; t5O
caxh. Kilar.ce lit month. Jersey an^l Noe ftss.
t»S-Ji — EA^Y tt-rrcs; new 7-r.v.m luo-Jem bonae;
Fourtt-^r.th Ft., between Castro and No?.
MISSION crttage; Dew; 6 room-, ta'.h: lot CPx
10C.; SS600: terrr.* to «u:t buyer. 413 Kearnr it.
CHEAPEST a:.d be«t In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pajret, f»rt tn ar.y tddrcM In the
T'r.lted States or '"sr.ada rr.e year for 1.1.
Iti:u. ESTATE COIXTRV For Sale
MAGNIFICENT "-acre r.avel orange grove;
r.r.w full tf oraases; ripe next racnth; wltb
elegant modern residence, all convenience*;
bam, etc.; rrill see Sn<julren» by ap-
pointment frr 4 <3ay«. E. K-. rvix 2715. C&.11.
$25<X>— A NICELY improved 10-acre orchard and
vineyard, in bearing age; go^d location (or
keepir.p poultry: r.r vr'.'A f!! half-interest in
f&me. H. r. mXHEB. Novato. Siarm Oo.
FINS isvestnMSt; two-story bunding in center
cf busings portion of prospcronj mir.'ng
I' v.n; always rented: suitable fcr any busi-
r.ef=». A4dre*i= box r770. Ca!l office.
ACCURATE persona' kr.oir:e<lE<— each or the
St->5 nacbea rn rr.y SALE and EXCHANGE
!!st. Mrre than ail ether agent* in this city.
N. D. SICRELS. the iand a«cnt. S Geary et.
IC-A'^nn ~ru:t farm, resr Flayw-arjs; in:prove-
ir;en:» fir«t-cl?«:*; price 15000; terms to suit. (
Address box Cl*. '"21! rff.ee.
A WEEK'S M*a for 2 cent*. The Weekly Call.
TC -ntr«--i. n n-srwr 'r,r tnBlllrar. fl r*» v»sr.
ALAMEDA HOUSES.
FIVE rocrr.« end bath, handsomely furr.ifhfd
frr boosekeeptac: rent 1^3 for i<rmar.ent par-
ty: Sn^ft location. Apply 2151 Central ave..
Al»rr.«--1a.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AXD IJOAHD.
IwRST-CKAf-'.^ * -r! ar.d ¦-..•*¦ of rooms for
ir.tn and artf*: t rivate family In Alameda;
Arply lx-i* 44C7. Call effir*.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL. KSTATE.
$3>-o CA£H. 5: :¦'> raoothlpfrTlu ee-iowa cottage;
Dew liarr.; cbidkea bouse; shed; ftr.e wen of
v.ater; t 'a:c- i :^: picket f«nce; a^sort«-rl
fruit trees i.r.J shrubbery; n«ar eleclric car
line*; model s-h ¦-.•olhous*. to»n hall. 60-foot
booleTard: rttoue in Fruitvale, ad3oinlr4f
Bast Oakland: 1 ri^ in all t77S. Call or senU
for clreuiar. l^i Seventh et.. Oakland; car-
riage rrct H. 7.. JONES, Owner.
t-irj EACTiiriCE.
Nearly new home cf 7 rooms, bath, ccr.serva-
tcry and rrrTches; fine !an;e lot; rear cars
tni trains; fruit tre^s. psrden and barn: $J7.'O
cash: cert me J«(--o. Addrets Owner, P. O.
fcox 51?. f?acram«Tito. Cal.
rVBXISHED (r urifuraished houye of S '.arpe
rooms ar./i bath; tar.itary prarabic*; lot &0x
•00; cer.trai l^raticn. A:«i>.y I.2* 1 ;'<th »t.. Onkld.
A WEEK'? am fyr 5 r-t-nx-a— The Weekly Call.
Zt jap»s, !r. v r.-; .j'ler. for ma'Slre. 11 i»->r year.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
Of'T'iD hoasw. Oet list from CEO. W. AUS-
TIN 4c CO.. IKS Broadway. Oak'.ard.
OAKLAND ROOMS.
J/L-FIXE !>&y-Kinr!ovr flat. 4 KMBS*). parden,
flowers; nice lora'U r,; water free. IZ'.'i East
I'.lf-ver.th it-, r.rer Twenty-third ave.
OAKLAND KlUNiTLRE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction tv you from H. Pch<-!ihajt^. the
furr.'.fjre dealer, Utb ar.d rr^T.klin, Oak'and.
ROOMS KOU nOtlSEKEEPIXGJ
i;U.:=, d. »»»r 1-a.rkin— Newly farr.ished suite
cf Z r mit.s, !2j; suite cf 2 rx;rr.?, HZ SO; also
1 room, 113; a'.l fur hoiitekeeptr.g.
FILI-lIcrtE. 1207. nr. Clay— 5 nice sunny fup-
r.ish«i ixxtzrta; bath, piano; hou*eke«-i,Sng.
HO'.VAIU). 761*11— Nicely turr.'.shej Lay-'.vir.dow
ruite. kitchen"; other*; mar. ar.J wife; rti**.
HOWARD, ]*¦"<•— l^arjje alcove room suitable
for light housckeej/tnif; nice place for 2 ladles;
te each.
LAP.KIN. is'4-T.arre runny bark be-lroom avj
VJtchea: im. complete bocaefceeotay; $lx
MArtKICT. r.^j.r K'.fth— Z rooms. Carnlatted. fo!d-
in£ b^J; CBS; W.: part. 3*2 Keamy Et.
OAK. i:&— : rasa? rocrr.s furriishec! for heavy
housekerpln; >ar-3; tiC.
OAK. J3— 2 ninr.y rcon-.s furntKhed for heavy
ho-jFeke-eplns ; Z bed?; yard; tl*.
TKIIAMA, <T», nr. Sixth— 2 fur.ny .furnlehecl
front rocrn* for hk;g. ; no children; 110.
< I.ASP1FIED a'lvertiix'neTita and eubscriptiona
received a.t Ca:i Krancfi office. ZZOJ Fillraore Et.
A rilANCH office for Call aav«rti«ements ar.d
futvtcripiitriS haa teen established at VTA
Va!"T»c!a »t. - "• "•
ItOOMS TO I.!:t larn. and (nfurn.
A^liiiL^^ICK^HouwrT4S~£;xth^Hoorns Be
lo II per niirbt; tl £i to ti> per week, and light
housekeeping; cj:*-a all night.
ISfliNETT. M26 iarket (old No. 1364)— F\ir-
nKhed rcr.t., eui'.ea, sinele; also unfurnished.
HUEIL 314— F*U!T.'..«hed tunny rooma, suits or
t ¦ - f, SSc per clsl.t op; transient.
Hl'ftJI. £20 fThe E!k)— Changed bands; newly
renovated, nicely :um. suar.y rms., jl CO to ?•
v>fk: Sic to tlM r.sht. MP.S. P. RANFT.
CLEMENTINA. Ml. eff Fourth— Si ngi» rocrna;
I Tiwate samily.
CLIFFORD, W EU!r, cur. Ma*on— Handsomely
furnished cinr.y rooms; prices reasonable.
EDXjV. 2U7— Nice pleaKant furnished rooms, aln-
e'.» and double; from iZ upward; quiet; gaa;
bt-th.
CEAI1T. 4f>5 fThe Navarre)— Elesantly furnished
nu.; t -jitcs or circle; travelers accomzaodatd.
RlAXLROAD TRAVEL.
lODTHRRN l-4ktIKIt! (unriXT.
(r»ciric ixrrnr.)
Trains iMfr >»ntt nr» 4m* »o itrvlva mt
MAM fit 4*«:i««'».
(M*ia Li:*, root "I ilar*M Stre«t)
IJUTX — FROB OCtOBES 1. 1900. — *%Xim
*7)«*« BanieU. 9ni.au. Etetn. TiaiClt, *
Hiimn; ud Dtaiffltaia "T«<i»»
*7tO*A Sbuta Kiprew— D»» U. WlUlucj <lcr
Banlett 8prbipX WtUow^ liM
- Bluff. Portland. i *7H3r
"7>St»A MnUne*. >»a U*aton. V*IleJo. S»p«.
CftUsk>«»»iul3»nt« Kou '9il3r
•S:OOa Ditts. TToodikad. KaiiiH L«adiui.
M*rjsTih«.<>ro«i:iA. ., *7HMf
• ¦)••» AtUntlo Ktprett— Ogdao Md Kjwt *IS>49y
•»:««•» Sn<*. Tricy. L*throp, iioetioa *tt»43A.
•taot b«n Jim, Uteiu-oie, Staoktaa.
lout, S*ct»ui-b»o. Pt»ecr»Un,
' " SUr,ifi;>. this... ito.llJluS MtlAp
MliSn* O»iil»!'.CWse*f. »ouor », Gtrten... *4(13r
•»!»»» H>;iu:li Ni.t« »nd W*j H«*«ion«. •! IU5*
•W:«o* Iai* Ascelas Expnam — Uknluss,
Tracy, tdkUirop. ntocktOD. Mtseaa
Freaao bim) Lus Augnia* *7il3v
•Vt!IO4 V»;t-j,., Mtrttnot »uu Way SUtioaa *a«43t
•!«>««« Tha OverUml Liit>i:a-1— Ozilaa, D«B<
rer. Otuih*. cT.iea.-3 a.... *O:43r
•IIiUUa >ii-«. BioektOB. .1*oi*ment*. Mao-
•:oi». Frrsao. li»-foiJ, VlsaJU.
i PvrtoniU* *4iU*
*1 1:OOa Lirenanro. Stoger. Gothsa Joao-
tinn. B«kns£ri4. Loa iujelea.....
•l«:nim HsjnrilB. Bltaa and \Vt7BUUs1t. **»4Sv
tl:«»r s»cr»ioeut.» i: i«er -i- « m,-n »3:O<»«.
•:ii»i»r M .y w«rci«. Mlpa and W»j SUtloU, *»i 43f
•4:'.«K M«rti»ex. H»u Khm, YaJUfo
N«c». t.'«ll-t'*«. .1«nU Itoa* *Ui13a
Mia>«r It -....I*. Winters. flaentmaato,
WwhIUikI. knlgbU J.»udlu«.
M ny.ii .ir. Oicifilla *l»tO4
j m 4f.l»r Mir«. >in ,l<uieai:<l *?lt3r
; «5:UUrTue »>nl M:nit«d— Traey. rreano.
lUkaraanl.l. >» 1411M for a*at» 11 ax-
' twra. l.os AcKclca. • Ml»tl*a.
! •SiVOp SuxAton *W»13A
•¦liOwr.S't* url-*si Expruaa- Hakersflold.
Santa tUrtiara. I.oa Anjolea. U«n-
li.ir. El Vuo. Htm Uc>wi aad
. l.ut »7ia!l4
j *ll:ii0p Hafwardi. »tlimaad»an Juts *7i4.l4
I n»:vo,- \ dl -..,,> "itiiar
I 'LjOMr Onenul M«.(I-Og1su. CbeyaniM.
Oaiaba. Cbtessn *13i43r
, MI:OOr Orleutal Mai t.'gJen. DeDTar.
Oinato. Chicago. •*!!»»
! 'TjOO* NUeyfmej. Lathxop. 8t«cktoa.... # l»il»»
I •7:««r.u*fT'i. *nU CaiifornU Ki|>rea«.flaa.
>«...«..L... M*r>«.ilie, Itc.liilHtf.
rwUaatl, I'ngat Mutn.d and Kast *«t43A
i [li'i.ip v»ii-j... Furt rcila and Wt| ht» ¦
! tl..na tll:O«r
. utksl PIIIHIU.1 HUaraw Uasgtl.
(foot of U .fk«t SU«et.) .
j *»tli>a N airmrk. Oi» t t»r t i i 1 r, 8*0 J 099. Pvlton,
Bonxli<reRak.SajilaCiusaa(tWa*
j Hutloua >«aif
I »»i 1 5r Nairark. CeutarTlIIv. Hail Joaa, N»w
Almailau. Krllon. lloaider Vtart,
Santa ( ru« and Principal War
MiatioHa \t«KV««
•*il!»r Newark. M*u Joao. LcaGatoa a 9>3t>^
clli43p Huuteri" Exranloo, Bxa Jos* tad '
WarSUtioaa VT»**r
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
fuasii rimcisco— rut «r ».r«.t sum (SU« t>—
•7:15 »00 11;00*.H. 11:53 *t43 »iM
M:C3 t!:i: 'titlr.*.
. Tttm ilKUII-rul ."8rji4.iT.— "«;00 8:00 10.00*. au
t!2:S3 «l:03 t3:S3 »3:g3 tl:53 'aiaSP.M.
COAST hi VISION (RrexllUafei.
(Thlnl ai <« Townget.J Su.)
MlIU* Oceau View. .Suuth .1«n Fianotaeo.. T*»a»»
•?>•»* Hui Jom an.) ~7»y Swtlotta (Na*
A!n.«.l-r WKlnexUaitouly) •liS*y
•WillO. ha.11 .!•»•-. Trea 1'lnoa. HanU Crua,
PaoIHe rlrota. l'aa<i Uubita. S411
].uls ')l.l.t.o. .Siicf, LoKipoc and
I'rlndral Way HtatUx* •«il«T
"liiln. San Ji»b and Way ss«(1ohs *«tS3«
¦I ll3O* San Jfiaa ami War .lUllou* *3:3tP
t'tlSrSan .Uatro. Unlwno.1, Mealo Puk.
Pa'.ti Aito. HanU Clara, Mau Joaa.
Trea Pinoa, Santa Cun, o»ilu«*.
Montmi Mill 1'aolDo (irgre 1l*iS«4
fSiXOp Han Juaaaud Way .SUtiuua *7:3«r
fl:IAr San Jnfoand Principal W «y Htationi *9:4.1a
t.1:dl>pKan Jo<». Loa Qatoa aad rr!ocip»l
Way iSUlious t9sO»»
*1::ti>r SiiiJum >n.l Principal Way StatJoma 'ia.1*
! •<*:*• r Pan Jnaa au<l Way Siativoa Mi»o»
all;4.tr ~5*n Joa^auJ Way Hutlom.... »7;rt.»
A for Meriting P (or A f larnoon. *
* D*1y. . t Duuday aioapUd. ! Sunday only.
a S»rur<lay only.
i C1LIF0RNL4 K0R1WE5TEE! n. CG.
iSJU. FRARCISGO AN3 HQ3TH PACIH3
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburoa Ferry. Foot of Martet 3k
EAX FRAXCISCO TO SA>X RAJATT.
! TTEEK DATS— 7:S<J. »:00. U:00 a. ra. : 12:W.
1:30, 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Ttrarsdays— Cxtr» U17
1 tt 11.33 a m. SaturdAy» : -£xtn trtss at 3Ui»
' and 11:33 D. rrv.
I ElWDAYri-i.M. ?:». U:00 «. m.J 1:SX t'JK
I 6:00. «:*> o. vx.
• SAN* RA7A.EL TO 8A2* TOA^CISCO.
i 'KEEK DAT&-(:10, 7:50. i.ZO, 11:13 a. m.; 11:43,
8:«. 5:15 p. ra. 8a.tarda7»-£xtra trip* aJk
I iitZ and C:15 o. ra.
6VNDATS-«:18. »:«0. 11:K> a. m.; 1:40. «:«»
! 5 C5. «:25 p. m.
Batween aaa Fraactsco and Bdiuetx-ia Parti
i Bam« «chtdula la abov.
lASjn J In Effect. | Arrive
Paa rrandaco. [Apr. 13. l»00.| Ban Fraaetooo^
VTa« :lc J .. 8un- J I Ban- 1 "We*it
; Days. I day*, f Dtitisatlon.] «Uy». | Day*.
• T.tOam «:C0»m NovaJa. 110:40 am S:fJara
1 1:30 pm t:tOam P-taiuma. 6:05 pm l«t» ar»
j 6:1J pm 5:i/O pm Saata Roaa. 7:SS pm SitO pra
' j Fulton.
1:13 an Windsor. 18:3 *»
Healdsbarf.
Lytton.
G«ya«rvina.
j t:30prg 8:C0«m qoTardale. ?^Spmj8t»pM
! T:S3anl I Hopland I 119:25 a.T»
I t:30 pm] 8:00 ami and Uklah. ) 7:15 pm! >:» pat
' 7:*0 asa IA1S axa
S:CO azs Guexne^Ule. ~i23 pm
j 9:39 pa , 1^3 pm
1:t> na S:00 am Sonoma *:15 am S:40 aa
and
I 1:13 pm 1:00 pm Olon Ellen. f:08 pm tttO pm
i ~T:3Q am] »:00aml 110:40 am[19:» am!
I t;30 pmi S:CO ;rr.| Sebastopol. | 7:$5 pm| 8:» po»
Etairea ccr.r.»-t at Fnnta Rc»a far Mark V/evC
' Springs and Whit* Sulphur at FUltani
¦ for AJtruiia: at I-ytton for I^rtton Springs: a«
¦ GayierrlUe tor Ekacss Bprlcsa: at Clovartlalai
' for the Geyser*: at Holland for Duncan.
' Bprin^. Highland Fprtnits. Kelaeyvtlle, Ca.rU-
' had Eprinica, Px'a Bay. Lakaport aad Bartlstt
E>rr1cirs: at TTjttab for Vichy Sprlnc*. 8aratov»
Fprlr.grs. Bias Lain. Laur»I Detl Lake. "Witter
gprtnjs. Upper lAke. Pomo. Potter Valley.
John Day*«. RWerttde, L4*rley*a, Backneiri.
Panhedrln HeighU. Kullvil!e. Orr*t Hot
Eprlcxs. Mendocino City. Fort Braes'. Waat-
• port. Caal. WilMts. LairtorivUla. Curaralo*.
i Bell's Sprinss. Harrta. Olses'a, Dyer. 8cotla>
, and Eureka.
Saturday to Uocday rocn^trto Uckats al
' reduced rate*.
! On Sunday round trt? tickcta to all potatta
¦ beyond Ban Rafael at half rate*.
Ticket office*. S50 Market at.. Chronic?* bids,
( B. C. WHITIXG. R. X. RYAV.
Oeneral Mtaeger. G«s. Pass. Aftst.
! NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD^
Via Sausatlto Ferry.
Comrnenclr< t>e(>tember i>. 1X3.
t I'ROM SAN FRAXCISCO TO MILX. VAiLKT
AND SAN RAFAEL.
"WEEK DAYS — «:55. «9:15. 11:00 a. m.. n:45.
' 3:15. *:»0, 6:15. •«:13. «:4» p. m.
KXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
! Rafael, on Mondirs. Wednesdays and Sat*
. urdays at 9:CO and 11:3S p. m.
i SUNDAYS— »3:00. •10:00. 'UiJO a. m.. •1:13 U
I 3:1S *4:45. 6:30. 9:00 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quenttn.
! FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
1 WEEK DAYS— 5:25. •«:*). 7:45. 9:20 a. m..
I •:i-30. 1:4S. '3:30. 4:30. 5:3> p. m. .
EXTRA TRIPS on Monday a. "Wedneadays
S and Saturdays at 6:45 and -10:20 p. m. ¦ ¦
I Et:.VDATS-«::0. *S:QO, •10:00. »11:45 a. m..
•1:43. *3:15. 4:45. •i.Vi p. 13.
Trains marked <•> atart from Saa Quentln.
FROM MILL. VALLET TO SAN FRANCT3CO.
WEEK DAYS — S:«5. «;«, 7:55. »:» a. m..
1 i:». 2:10. 3:^>. 4:54, 5:*0 p. m.
KXTRA TRIPS en Mondays, Wedaesday*
1 and Saturdays at 7:10 and lj>:2t> p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:C5. 10:05 a. m.. 12:05. 2:13. J:50.
, 5.W. 8:45 p. m. : ,. .
THROUGH -TRAINS.
j vr* a. m. week days— Cazadero aad way iu-
• tlcns.
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Tomales and way stx-
; tlcns.
I 8:00 a. m. Sundays— Tomales and war sta-
tions. __^_____^_
Santa Fe
I Trains— Daily
Leav? Markst-atr«et Ferry DvpoC
i I>va. Baa Fraaclsoo. 9:00 a m:4:19 p m| 1:00 ;¦
! Axr. Stocktua 13:10 p in 7:15 p m U.:CS 9 oa
! " M>rc«4 J:U p m . 1:13 a m
•* Treano - *:20 o m S:05 a m
i M Viralia «^» P m iM a m
" Tj!«r« «:Spra t:10ao
" Hanford (:33 pm t:0« a n»
M BakmHeld ... 8:50 p m Ti» a 19
•* D«nT«r ......... 10:00 a m ¦
" Kacaaa City... B.1S p m
"•, Chicago 7:40 am
S a. rn. train is tie Overland Rxprsaa. Cotrsx
»por.dlns train arrt»ea at i p. rn- dally.
4:19 pi m. la Stocktoa Local. CorraapoodSatf
train arrives 11:05 a. m. dally.
(.-CO p. m. is Fresno and Bakersfl»td Eii>m»»
with Pleepin* Cars for both cities. Correspond*
tag train arrives at 9 a. m. dally.
OyPlCES— «41 Market at. and In Yrrrr Depot.
Fan Krarcf»eo: W* .Rr«r»dw«». Oakland. •
a Up. Gibbon's Dispensary,
I»1J*> KEA£XT MT. Ettaallabed
tn IMS* lor U>Btr;almpntot Private
Pheuaes, LoAtMttrihiKMi Debility or
dlneane on bndyaad minaand.
.sfein Olaeaaeft t'be docuircQreswnait
• ¦Uiersfall. Try bins. C&arcsr low.
l'ura*caiaraa!i'««1. Callorwrlta.
I»r. J. *¦- ulUUO.\. Box I»37.Baa JTraaclactk.
Weekly CaU.Sl.OO per Year
C3"Fri»ri<i* and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday ». at S:30 o'clock, from th-» r<-sl-
<!«M-.re of hla parents. 370 Thlnl street, thence
tn the Church if the Immaculate <'oncei'tion,
When) a ret;uie-m high nasj will b* cele-
. bratfd for the repose of hU »•"!!, commencing
at 'J o'clock. Interment St. Mary's Cemetery.
Oakland. . ¦
VIDEAT— In this city, October 14, 1SO0. Mag-
gle Videets, wife of Oustave Videau. mother
.of Benjamin, Mumie an4 C"lln!a Vid<?r.u and
sister of Jerome Dona van. a native of San.
I'Tancisco, aged 43 years and 5 months.
CJ'Xotice «.f funeral hereafter..
WAUI>— In thlf city; October II. 1900. at his
parents' residence. 2057 Twenty-fourth street
John Vincent, only and beloved pon of P n'
¦ nu Gertrude M. Ward, a native of Sari
Francisco, aged 2 months and 27 days.
WHITE— In this city, October 15, 13i<i Pere-
crine Porter WJiite, a native of San Fran-
cigco, aged 3 months and 1 day.
£7 Friend? and aeijnalntanres are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at S:3u o'clock, from tha residence
of his parents. Ill Webster street, between
liaignt and Walier, thence to t-t. Boni.'ace's
Church. Golden IJats avenue, near Jonts
street, where u sclemn high masa win be
celebrated inr the re;>ose of his soul com-
mcnc:r.K at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Crass
OmeterTi by carriage.".
VIOLICH— In OaklanJ. October 14, 1900, Ches-
ter Violich. <leai I.'- beloved ?on of Felix and
Klla Yiolich, an-1 brother < f Walter and Clif-
frd VIoMeh. a native of Oakland, Cal.. aged
17 yean ar.d I rmir.ths.
C3"Frien<1s and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the' funeral Thursday.
October 1«. at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dtnee, ' 43<* Francfeeo street, thence to
Peter's Episcopal Church, corner Stockton
and Filbert fctrp«-ts, fi-r services. Interment
ilasonlc Cemetery.
L'NSINJC— In this city, October 14. V3W, Aloy-
flus, dearly beloved son of John and Maria
I'r.sinn. anJ dearly beloved brother of John
Jr.. Anton. Maria and • Elizabeth Unslnn. a
native of Han Krane^cu. aged 16 years 1
month and 13 daya.
G^ Friends and acquaintances and rnerflbera
of Modin Lpdffe, L O. B...B., are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 7C2 Elite street. Interment Home of
Peace Cemetery, by 11:30 a. ra. train from
Third and Townsend streets.
TON'NISSF.N— In this city. October 15. 1900.
Lydia Louise Tonnissen. beloved wife of
Charles Tonnissen, beloved . daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. W. Crossfield. and sister of Jane,
Taly. Lizzie. Henry,. Willie, Ueorg-e and Fred-
die Crossfleld, a native of San Francisco, aged
22 y*>ars 7 months and 9 days.
native of Saa Francisco, aged 29 years 10
months and 2 days. - . . *
RICH— In this city October 13, 1900,. Louis,
beloved husband or Mary Rich, and father of
Mrs. .F. Marx. Mrs. H. Stern, Mrs. J, Gol-
lnsky and Alex and Herny Rich, a native of
Germany, aued'70 years.A commercial university " similar to th e
one In Leipsic is shortly to be founded in
Cologne, Dr. von-Mevlsson, a resident of
the city, having donated the necessary
funds.
For Infringement of Patent.
Frank L. Palmer and Palmer Brothers
Company filed suit yesterday In the
United • States ¦ Circuit Court against the
California Cotton Mills Company to re
cover damages for Infringement of patent.
"The Octoroon" was put on at the Alta
Theater last evening and met with favor
at the hand3 of the audience. The entire
strength of the company was in the cast,
which Included Charles King as George
Peyton, Walter Whlpple as Salem Scud
der and Mists •• Maud Miller as Zoe. The
play will continue nightly until Sunday,
with Saturday and Sunday matinees. It is
full of incident and pathos and has abund
ant Interest.
For Convenience of Passengers
An office has been established in the Oak
land ferry depot, on the ground floor in
the center of the building, where passen
gers can leave their baggage checks,
thereby saving in the transfer of their
baggage, our rates being lower. Don't
give up your checks on the trains, itor
ton Special Delivery, 40S Taylor street and
650 Market street. ' •
Fischer's Concert House.
The seldom-heard trio from "Attila"
was sung last night at Fischer's Concert
House by Mae Tunison, Oscar Lienau and
Antonio Vargas. A large audience ap
plauded it heartily. When the sextet
from "L.ucla" was given later in the even
ing there was tremendous applause. J.
Warren Keene. a modern magician, of
fered tricks with cards and coins sufficient
to surprise tho audience. The rest of tha
programme was good.-
Warning.
The portrait of PaderewskI, by Marceau,
reproduced in the October number of
Camera- Craft, is copyrighted. Through
inadvertance the copyright credit was
omitted. As the magazine is copyrighted,
the public is warned not to use the por
trait under pain of prosecution. PUB
LISHERS CAMERA CRAFT. • : • ?
Blehdon Dies at Hospital.
William F. Blehdon. who shot himself in
the Winchester Hou/e last Saturday, died
in the City and CVunty Hospital yester
day.
The meetinj: of Local Branch No. 432 of
the Retail Clerks' International Protec
tive Association will be held to-night at
Red Men's Hall. 320 Post street. Matters
of great import to the clerks will b.>
brought up and discussed. The affairs of
the new association are progressing fine
ly. At the last meeting thirty-flva new
members were admitted.
Retail Clerks Meet To-Nlg-ht-
Don't start on your Journey without potting
a bottle of Jesse Moore "AA" in your grip.
The Australia for Tahiti.
This favorite steamer, under command of
Captain Lawless, will sail for Papeete Novem
ber 1st. Hitherto these charming islands of the
South Seas have been reached by sailing vessels,
requiring 30 to 40 days, but the time of new
steamship service wOl be 10^ days. Ask for
particulars of the low excursion rate at 643
Market street. •
In Jealous Rage Mrs. Nellie
Wells Assaults Miss
Sanborn.
Miss Fannie M. Sanborn, a dressmaker
at 1335 Howard street, swore to a com
plaint in Judge Cabaniss' court yester
day afternoon for the arrest of her sister,
Mrs. Nellie Wells, wife of Daniel Wells, a
gripman, living at 223 San Jrse avenue,
on the charge of threats against life.
Some months ago Mrs. Wells went East
on a visit and her husband neglected to
write . her. Miss Sanborn wrote her
regularly every other day, but that did
not satisfy her and when she returned
about two weeks ago she accused her
sister of attempting to alienate her hus
band's affections.
Yesterday Mrs. Wells called upon Miss
Sanborn. and grabbing hold of a pair of
scissors, made two. attempts to stab her.
Miss Sanborn fled from the house, close
ly pursued by her unfurlated sister, who
had the scissors in her hand. Mrs. Wells
overtook her sister at a butcher shep on
Ninth and Howard streets and seizing a
whip thai was In a wagon in front of the
shop, struck her twice across the should
ers with it, shrieking that she would km
her. Some bystanders lnterferred and
Miss Sanborn made her escape. §She
hurried to' the Hall of Justice and swore
to the warrant.
Mi.=r Sanborn denied that her sister
had any justification for her Jealousy and
said that she had more than once threat
ened to take her life. She was afraid 'she
would carry out her threat. She de
clared that sh« would not return home
till she knew that her sister had been ar
rested.
Mrs. Wells was arrested during the
afternoon and taken to the Seventeenth
street station. While waiting to be trans
ferred to the Central Prison she sent a
note to her husband. (asking him to come
to her. He indignantly refused to come
and tore the note into pieces. The wife
then sent for Wells' sister, with whom she
was stopping, and who sympathizes with
her. This lady exerted herself and pro
cured bail for her. with John I. Sparrow
and Emma D. Hall as sureties, each of
whom qualified in the amount of $1000.
ATTACKS SISTER
WITH HORSEWHIP
ling his stiletto as that weapon should be.
It was enough to delight the most critical
Kentuckian. The piece is well put on and
the tableaux are ghostly enough to give
the sensitive the cold shivers.
Columbia.
"Quo Vadis," the dramatization of
Slenklewlcz's tale of the horrors born un
der Nero's rule in ancient Rome, began
its second week at the Columbia last
evening. Though there are scenesin the
play that tend to shock the senses of the
unbelievijg. the magnificent staging of
the Famcland the acting of the principals
in this tragedy overbalance those feat
ures which some term objectionable. The
acting cf Marcus Ford as VInieius would
make stror^ a p'.ay of even less merit-
Mason Mitchell, who assumes Ihe role of
Petronius. lends to his part that elegance
which won for the Petronius of ancient
Rome the title, "arbiter elegantarium."
As "Poppaea. the Empress," Winifred
Bonnewitz secures the favor of the audi
ence, and not less appreciated are Elsie
Esmond as Eunice and Willard Newell as
Chllo Chilonides. The sacred concert
throughout the play under the direction
of E. EL Schmitz is one of the enjoyable
and appreciated features.
Fabbri Theater.
The opening of the Fabbri Theater at
Odd Fellows' Hall last night attracted a
iarge and enthusiastic audience. The pro
gramme consisted of an olio of high class
specialties and a musical comedy. Miss
L. Li'.Iian received, much applause and
flowers for her rendition of the song, "The
Flower Girl." in costume and for her
clever cakcwalk. Other participants in
cluded Edward B. Adams in clever imita
tions of stage characters and operatic se
lections by Signora Ines Canisl. The
farce comedy. "Tht; Peaceful Villa," dis
played the talents of T. Roland, A. Fisher
and Miss Rita tie Rovey. The operetta,
"A Marriage by lanterns." was well ren
dered by MIps Katie Krleg, Miss Daisy
Bishop. Miss Minnie Huff and D. M. Law
rence. The four-act comedy "Tlllle" con
cluded the performance, which will be re
peated every night this week.
Alharabra.
Alhambra.
"The Man From Mexico" repeated the
hit of the initial performance at the Al
hambra Theater, last evening. The audi
ence laughed from the beginning of the
second act to the end of the play,, with
little interruption. The work of Boniface
as Benjamin Fltzhew was clever. The
comments that applied to the production
of Sunday need not be unsaid in any par
ticular. There •will be fun enough at the
Alhambra this week to draw crowds
nightly.
Olympia.
The Olympia this week has one of the
most, attractive of acts. Eddie . Mack,
who Is billed as the dancing wonder, is
one of the cleverest San Francisco has
ever Been. Ho is not only a good dancer,
but a clever comedian. The rest of the
bill is jjood. • ._
An Old Man Assaulted.
G. B. Ostrander was found on Stockton
street last night by Officer Peter Peshon
bleeding profusely from a number of.
scalp wounds. He resides at 17S7 Stock
ton street, and claims that while walk
ing along that street ne was assaulted by
a man and struck several times, either
with a blackjack or loaded cane. Os
trander is an old man and Is liable to suf
fer considerably from the shock.
Clothea on credit. $1 a week. 113 Grant are.
Chicago Tailoring Co. ¦ •
Lively Chase on Market Street.
John Bandoni. a butcher doing business
at 135 Hayes street, had a lively time
yesterday morning on Market street in
his attempt to escape from a posse of
policemen in a patrol wagon. Bandoni,
while driving along Market street, ran
over 11-year-old L. C. West at the cross
ing of Fifth street. Bandoni whipped up
,hia horse acd drove off. but Detective
Jack Fitzgerald of the Mission division,
whe was riding on a Valencia-street car.
Jumped off and. borrowing a bicycle,
started in pursuit. The chase created
considerable excitement. The patrol
wagon coming in from the Stanyan-street
station in charge of Policeman C. Water
man joined in the chase, but the butcher
finally reached his shop, where he tried
to hide. He was arrested and charged
with battery. West resides with his
parents at 6u2 Mission street. The little
fellow was not seriously injured, although
both wheels of the wagon passed over
him.
Little Girl Strays From Home.
Little eight-year-old Annie Farren h.n*
disappeared from her home at 127 Valley
street, near Church, and her uncle. T. J.
Rattigan. has instituted a search for her.
The little one was kept from school by
orders of a physician, and, beins: very
fond of her studies, she rebelled. Yes
terday morning she requested permission,
of her aunt to go to school, and on beir.cj
refused, apparently resumed her play.
A short time after, when her aunt looked
for her, she was not in sight. She i3 a
bright little one an.l well able to te:l
where she lived. When last seen sh«s
wore a large straw hat and a faded calico
dress with brown figures.
I FOUND myself hungry and without i
money and as I was determined not to |
steal I concluded to surrender myself
in the hope that I would not be
> • severely punished. I knew I would
fall into the clutches of the detectives
sooner or later anyway and as I was tired
Vodging them I made up my mind to give
myself up."
Thus spoke Albert Loux. the flfteen
year-old boy who stabbed and killed
Daniel Harney, another boy, about nine
weeks ago, to Detective Cody at tha
Loux home on Mason street yesterday
: afternoon.
Shortly after 1 o'clock yesterday after
noon Gabriel Loux, Albert's 8lster, visited
the office cf the Chief of Police and an
nounced that her brother was anxious to
surrender himself. She said that he wa^
at his home and was waiting for an officer
to place him under arrest.
Captain Seymour sent Detective Cody
with Miss Loux and on entering the house
he found young I>iux seated in the parlor.
Recognizing the detective the boy grabbed
his hand and announced that he was
ready to surrender himself.
"I'm tired of tramping about the coun
try," he laughingly remarked. "Every
place I went I imagined that a policeman
was after me. I have come back for the |
purpose of surrendering myself and wani
to be taken to prison." ' !
Accompanied by his slsier young LoTjx
was escorted to the City. Prison, where
he was formally charged with murder.
To a reporter he said:
"I did not know that I had stabbed
Harney until some time after the trouble.
His brother Charles and I had some words
and losing my temper 1 slapped his fax-e.
He ran into his house and told Dan that
I had beaten him. In a few minutes Dan,
who was much taller and heavier than I.
appeared on the scene and after accus
ing me of taking advantage of his brother!
struck me in the Jaw. knocking me out. -j
When 1 recovered my senses I attempted
to regain my feet, when he again knocked
me down and then kicked me repeatedly.
•'My shoestring had become untied in
the pcuffie and taking out a small pocket
knife I started to cut it. Just then Har-
ney made a rush at me and jumping to
my feet I told him to keep away. With
out heeding my warning he aimed another
blow- at me and In the mtxup I suppose
he was cut. As he fell back with a cry
of pain I threw the knife away and ran
down the street. He shouted to me that
I had stabbed him. but thinking he was
Joking 1 kept on running:.
"About an hour later I started to go
home, but when I saw three policemen
in front of my house, evidently waiting
for me. I became frightened and ran
away. Meeting an acquaintance named
Sam Fass I told him about the trouble
I had with Harney. Fass expected to get
a job driving a wagon for a wholesale
firm that morning and he asked me to go
with him to XInth and Brannan streets,
where his prospective employers kept
their wagons. He was given the job and
told to return at 6 o'clock in the morning
to take out the team. We then walked to
Townsend street and went to sleep in a
boxcar. We were back at the stable on
time and Fass was' given his team. Wo
drove around all the next day, and as I
learned that the detectives were scouring
the city for me I bade Fass good-by,
telling him that I intended to go away.
"I had 60 cents with me and going to
the ferry bought a ticket for Oakland.
I slept in the railroad yards until dusk,
when I started to walk to Vallejo Junc
tion. From there I went to Tracey and
thf-n to Fresno, where I made ?15 picking
grapes.
"After leaving Fresno I traveled by
easy stages to Los Angeles, frequently
beating my way by assisting the tiremeh
on freight trains. I remained In Los
Angeles only about twelve hours arid
more anxious. than ever to give myself up.
"I finally concluded to return" to this
city. I reached here Friday morning: at
1 o'clock and plept in a freight car. After
leaving the car I walked along Fourth
street and met a friend named John Hol
land. He advised me to surrender myself
as the police were hot after me and that
it would be better if I gave myself up.
After leaving him I went to the Presidio
;»nd remained there until Saturday night
when I returned to my home. The next
day was Sunday and as I diu not want to
be arrested on the Sabbath 1 decided not
to surrender myself until to-day."
ALBERT LOUX, THE 15- YEAR-OLD SLATER OF DANIEL HARXET,
"WHO GAVE HIMSELF UP YESTERDAY AFTER SUCCESSFULLY
EVADING THE POLICE FOR MORE THAN TWO MONTHS.
Shortly after 5 o'clock yesterday afier
noon two men entered the saloon of John
Bauer at 624 Seventh street and called for
beer. One of the men tendered a ?3 gold
piece in payment and Bauer took out a
bag of silver containing $37 and started
to make change.
Just tthen one of tho men struck him
over the hoad with some blunt instru
ment, felling him to the Uoor.
John AlcCabe, a peddler, who was in the
saloon at the time, went to Bauer's as
sistance and was knocked down, receiving
an ugly scalp wound. He was threatened
with being made a subject for the Coro
ner if he did not remain quiet. The men
then snatched the bag of silver from
Bauer's hand and quickly disappeared.
Both Bauer and McCabe were taken to
the Receiving Hospital, where their in
juries, which consisted of several scalp
wounds, were dressed. There is- no citw
to the perpetrators of the crime.
ROBBED HIS MOTHER
OF ALL HER MONET
Detectives Are' Searching for Edgar
Beebe, Who Is Wanted in Omaha
for Larceny.
Detectives Ryan and Crockett are look
ing for a boy named Edgar Beebe, who Is
wanted for robbing his mother of 11300.
Mrs. Beebe; lives in Omaha. About a
v/eek ago her son, who Is only 13 years of
age, stole all the money she iia£ and with
another boy who is known as Harry lier
bin. alias "Denver," started for this city.
Chief Donohue of Omaha sent a dispatch
to Chief cf Police Sullivan asking him to
be on the lookout for the two boys.
BEAT HIM AND
TOOK HIS COIN
Saloonkeepsr John Bauer Is
the Victim of Two Bold
Crooks.
pie of Nevada City next Thursday even
ing-. He will sneak Friday night at Au
burn. Saturday he will revisit the scenes
of his youth in Oroville, and no doubt se
cure a cordial greeting, as every one in
that region knows him. Next Monday the.
Senator will address the veterans at
Yountville. He will speak at the Veter
ans' Home in the afternoon and at Napa
in the evening. Leaving the Napa Valley
the Senator will go to the region of orange
groves and tell the people of Santa Ana,
Kiverslde, San Bernardino and Los An
gc-les what the Republicans in Wash
ington have done for the country.
J. C. Sims, chairman of the Democratic
State Central Committee, was asked yes
terday if he believed that Bryan would
carry California. He replied, saying that
such was his belief, but he was not pre
pared to make an estimate of the major
ity by which his candidate, would win.
Mr. Sims and Mayor Phelan are going
into the San Joaquin Valley to talk Bry
anism. There are some assurances that
the Mayor may obtain an audience out-
Side of San Francisco, hence he is billed
to speak Thursday at Fresno, Friday at
Los Angeles, Saturday at San Bernardino
and Monday next at San Diego. To make
assurance of attendance doubly sure, Sen
ator Sims is announced to speak on the
same platform with the Mayor at all of
those places.
To-night in this city at Central Hall,
530 Third street. Senator R. Porter Ashe,
Democratic nominee for Congress in the
Fourth District, and Senator Sims wJH
address their fellow citizens. Dr. Charles
M. Troppmann is also listed to speak.
The Democratic State Central'Commit
tee announces that ex-Senator Stephen
M. White will address the people of San
Francisco at Metropolitan. Temple to
morrow evening.
D. M. Delmas is on the bill of Demo
cratic orators to speak for Bryan at San
Rafael Tuesday, at Stockton Thursday
and at Santa Rosa Saturday night of this
week.
Tho Swedish Society will hold a reunion
at Shell Mound Park next Sunday. The
society has requested Republican speak
ers to address the assemblage.
H. W. Philbrook, Republican, goes on
the official ballot as a candidate for State
Senator to represent the Twenty-first Sen
atorial District. Martin Kelly gave or
ders to tho B'nal B'rith Hall delegations
to nominate Bddie Wolfe In that district,
and the orders were obeyed by the su
perviceable convention. This nomination
so disgusted the good citizens of the
Twenty-first that they came out openly
and declared that they would vote against
Kelly's man Wolfe. The Democratic con
vention nominated V W. E. White, a capa
ble and clean man for the Senate. The
Republicans who cannot make up their
minds to vote for .a Democrat to repre
sent the district, will have the opportu
nity of voting for Mr. Philbrook, a man
who will not take orders from Boss Kelly.
The Union League Club's committee on
political action .has prepared the follow
ing address to the voters of California:
Experience has shown that the primary elec
tion is the weak point in our system of gov
ernment. Through repeating, ballct-box etuff
ine and other kinds of frauds the boss too
often succeeds In controlling nominating con
ventions, thus depriving the honest voter of
that voice in his party"s affairs to which he is
justly entitled and by which alone can party
management be kept free from corrupting in
fluences, o
The only war to prevent this condition Is to
have a primary law like the one that enabled
the people of San Francisco a year ago to have
an honest primary election, resulting In the
complete defeat of boss Influence, but that law
was declared unconstitutional, and under the
opinion of the Supreme Court we- can have no
effective primary law without an amendment
to the constitution, such as constitutional
amendment No. i, to be voted on at the ccm
ini- election.
Cast your ballot for that amendment and get
your friends to da the same.
The friends of Gaillard Stoney, Demo
cratic nominee for Superior Judge for un
expired term, have organized a club in
his support. Judge Jeremiah F. Sullivan
Is president of the organization and Louis
de F. Bartlett is chairman of the execu
tive committee.
The police have captured another
"woman in black." who. It la alleged, en
tered several houses In the "Western, Ad
dition with the aid of skeleton keys and
stole considerable plunder.
Her name is Mary Meyers. She was ar
rested yesterday afternoon by Detectives
Harper and Armstrong while in tho act
of trying to dispose of a portion of her
booty. The woman is about 50 years of
age and when arrested was dressed In,
deep mourning.
During: the past week numerous com
plaints have been received by the police
concerning: the operations of a "woman in
black" who was operating in the Western
Addition. Detectives Harper and Arm-
Strong were detailed to run her down.
Yesterday afternoon, while walking alon?
Grant avenue, they saw a woman answer-
Ins the description of the female house
breaker enter a pawnshop near Sutter
street.
They followed her and caught her In tho
act of trying to sell a woman's jacket of
the latest pattern. "When asked where
she obtained the garment she pave an
evasive reply and started to leave tho
place. The detectives took her to tho
City Prison, where her name was regis
tered on the detinue book.
Detective Harper is satisfied that tho
woman is an old hand at the business.
He 13 strongly convinced that she has
been In prison before.
Police Believe Her Guilty
of Numerous Recent
Robberies.
ANOTHER WOMAN
BURGLAR CAUGHT
Thtt old complication of mistaken iden
tity doe.5 duty .for the rrillicnth time in
Mr. John Fowler's farce. "A Hindoo
Hoodoo," presented at the California
Theater last night. In the treatment one
is glad to detect and to acknowledge a
trace of eri/rinallty; That A's soul should
inhab't B"s body, compelling B to actions
nt variance with h:s recognizable person
ality, is a conception a trifle above the
ordinary and or.e that in pklllful hands
might be mucked so as to yield a rich .crop
of comic complications. How Labiche —
who, ss Augier has said, lacked only bit
terness to be considered a great man — how
Labirhe would have revelled !n such a con
ception! Hut Mr. Fowler is not a Labiche:
he *s not even «. De Suchet. He has lost
half his comic possibilities by making A
pometirr.es conscious that he is not B but
A. The moment th!s is forced upon the
audience 'the situation loses its strength
and the dialogue all dramatic point.
Many will s^ In this farce nothing
more Than a plagiarism, conscious or un
conscious, of "My Frifri! from India."
But Theoflophy offers such a wide field
for tb,e satirist that it is hardly fair to
pay that because one man has ploughed
a corner of it. none other? must venture
vithin its aVable confines.
Mr. Lursen. who plays the principal
character. ha«s a voice almost as dry and
.a face almost as expressionless as Mr.
Robsnn'p. These fit him admirably for
the kind of part he has in this piece. Mr.
Byen and Mr. Morton are both experi
enced actors, who know their business
thoroughly and do what llltte they have
to do well. The younger men in the cast
have pone on the stage before, learning
how to ppeak a sentence clearly or to
make a point emphatically; such crude
work is all too common on our stage and
comes from inexcusable lack of training.
As to the ladies, the littTe girl who plays
Mnttle Lockette should be in the gram
mar school Instead of singing stupid songs
in public: her performance Is a cruelty
alike to herself and to the public. The
parts of Mrs. Gushmore and Miss Money
rocks are so Inexpressibly foolish that it
is not possible to say whether they were
flayed cr not; there was nothing in them
to play. Miss Anna Boyd is libeled by
Tier pictures; she has. in truth, a beautiful
rtage presence, real distinction of manner
and a deliciously clear-cut enunciation.
To see such beauty and such talent
wasted upon cocn songs and imitations of
drunken women is truly pitiable.
Tivoli.
L. DU PONT STLE.
A. celebration performance In honor of
the eighty-eighth anniversary of the birth
of Verdi was held last evening at the
Tlvoll Opera-house, which was crowded to
the doors with enthusiastic admirers of
the genius of the "grand old man" of
Ita!y.
A splendid programme was arranged, as
follows: "Nabuoco" overture; third act
of "Aida." -with Barbareeehi. Politlnl.
Castellano, NicolinI and Ferrari; fourth
act cf "Ritroletto." with Russo, Ferrari.
Rert^tto. Xieolir.t and Politlni; second act
of "•Otello." with Salaspa. Castellano and
Arthur Boyce; and the fourth act from
"11 Trovatore," with Russo, Ferrari,
Anna I-ichter and Arthur Rnyce-. A solo
for euphonium from "The Masked Ball"
was played V>y Walter H. Colverd and a
bass solo was sung by Signor Lucente.
Ttie bright, particular .star of the even
ins?- was. of course. Salassa. His lago is
a joy fnrevcr. He Is a thorough artist—
in this a preat artist. One is grateful, too,
for the admirable costume, po character
istic of the picturesque period In which
the opera is pet. for his supple and grace
ful g-csture. his marvelous facial mobility
p..nd the voice which so wonderfully ex
presses every dominant emotion. Braval
bravi«simo. Salassa. Nice Barbareschi
pleases as Airta. She Is eminently grace
ful, has an intense dramatic power and a
fine, full soprano voice, not used always
s=o well as might be. For the rest the
crtists are all known, their work Is al
ways appreciated and never more than
last evening.
Orpheum.
Lizzie TJ. Raymond, the character eom
cdiennp. is the hcadliner at the Orpheum
this week. Last night she made quite a
hit with her songs, particularly the one
imitating a Cockney miss. Her Irish song
about McCarthy and the brick was also
cleverly pun? and actM. She met with
an enthusiastic reception, showing that
frhe has lo?t none of her popularity. Ed
par Atchisnn-Ely, in his burlesque in cos
tume of the possibilities in dress of the
future dufV, was well received and made
a favorable impression. Rauchle. an im
personator of famous men. past and prer
ont, is clevor. Mo?t of his Impersonations
wore f;.!thful. Tho twin sisters Hale,
vocalists and dan errs, are more attractive
with thr-lr feet than with their voices.
The holdovers— tho Willis troupe of In
ftruinentallsts: Eddie GIrard and Miss
Jessie Gardner; Tom Nawn and company;
the Great Everhard, the hoop-rolling
marvel, and The American biogrraph—
were us highly appreciated as before, the
•whole making a. most attractive bill.
Alcazar.
Dumas' Fail s:ory of human passion as
exemplified in the vrndetta was strikingly
told la.'t nierht in Howard Hall's arrange
ment of "The Cors-ican Brothers" before
a h'.phly pleased audience In the Alcazar.
The play went smoothly for a lirst night.
jUthough the waits between acts seezned
todious. Howard Hall in the dual role
actrd with true melodramatic fire and
was recalled several times before the cur
tain, but he is a horribly bad fencer with
the rapic-r and a burlesque with the dag
ber. Mr. Bryant, the Chateau Renaud of
the play, fences well with the sword, but
throws the spectators into a cold perspira
tion left he commit hara-kiri with the
broken half. Dorothy Dorr is too ponder
ously Saxon for the role of the frivolous
Frenchwoman. Emilie de Lesparre. al
though her lines are well spoken. The
fun of the melancholy play Is furnished
by Clarence Mxmtalne and George P.
Webster as the heads of the vendetta
rlans, and In the reconciliation scene Mr.
"Webster broke the stage record by hand-
at Orpheum, Alharabra
and Alcazar.
Verdi Kl£ht at Tivoli Opera-House a
Pronounced Success — Good Bills
Too Beautiful and Talented
for the Play in Which .
She Stars.
ANNA BDYD IS
WASTED ON A
HINDOO HOODOO
Under the auspices of the Republican
State Committee Henry E. Highton will
address the citizens of San Francisco at
Metropolitan Temple this evening and
tell the audience his reasons for support
ing McKinley ajid Roosevelt. Mr. High
ton was recognized as a leading and in
fluential member of the Democratic
party before the Bryanltes seized the
party organization a»d renounced the
principles taught by Jefferson, Jackson
and Cleveland. Like many other of his
fellow countrymen of Democratic faith,
he could not subscribe to the creed of
Bryanism and therefore decided to cast
his political fortunes with tho party of
sound money and prosperity. _^_.
Senator W. M. Cutter of Yuba, secre
tary of the State Central Committee, will
preside at the meeting and In a brief
speech present the orator of the evening
to the audience. ¦ *
In every Congressional district of Cali
fornia the Republicans are making earn
est and vigorous efforts to win by hand
some majorities. It is not doubted In the
least that McKinley will carry the State,
but tho Republican leaders are anxious
to make 'the victory complete and de
cisive by electing a solid Republican dele
gation to Congress. Coionel Stone, chair
man of the Republican State Committee,
estimates that McKinley will carry Cali
fornia by a majority fifteen
thousand.
There will be a fine Republican demon
stration at Franklin Hall next Thursday
evening. The meeting will be under tho
auspices of the State Central Committee
and the Forty-first Assembly District Ra
publican Club, Horace Davis president.
This club is compose-' of leading and in
fiuontlal Republican citizens — laborers,
mechanics, lawyers, doctors, business
men nnd property-owners generally —
who will never submit to boss rule in
party affairs. The loyalty of these citi
zens to the principles of the Republican
party cannot be questioned. They stand
for political honesty and fair dealing.
They resent the interference of Martin
Kelly in the affairs of the district and
will not taRe orders to vote for the legis
lative candidates of the boss. The meet
ing at Franklin Hall will bo addressed by
Eugene F. Loud and D. E. McKinlay.
Horace Davis, the able and distinguished
Republican leader, will preside.
There J.4 activity all along the line of
the Republican forces. D. E. McKinlay
will speak Friday ni^ht of this week at
Middlctown and Saturday night at Lake
port.
J. C. Brusie will expound Republican
doctrine at Palo Alto Friday evening-. The
people of Mill Valley -will listen to him
on Saturday evening.
Ex-Senator Frank McGowan will speak
at Menlo Park October 20, in South San
Francisco October 23. at Mowry Hall Oc
tober 24 and at Haywards October 27.
Eugene F. Loud will attend . the South
San Francisco and Mowry Hall events
and speak to the people. J. M. Oliver is
making a tour of Fresno County. Y^nter
day Frank L. Coombs left San Francisco
for Humboldt County.
Horace G. Platt will entertain and en
lighten the people of Los Angeles on the
evening of October 23. The polished ora
tor will doubtless receive a cordial greet
ing-.
S. D. Woodsr Republican nominee for
Congress In the Second District, Is making
an active and effective campaign, "vile
speaks with D. E. McKinlay to-night at
Marysvllle. Senator John F. Davis Is an
nounced as his speaking companion for
the meeting at Placerville and George
town. The mountaineers will surely rally
to hear Davis and cheer Woods. The
nominee is listed to speak Friday at
Tracey arul» Saturday at Sonora.
Victor Metcalf. Republican nominee for
Congress in the Third District, tours So
lano County- this week. He has heard a
cry, not from Macedonia, but from Mo
desto, hence he is going to the latter place
outside of his district next Saturday night
to help J. C. Needham, the Republican
nominee In the Seventh. It Is well known
that the Democrats are putting forwatd
extraordinary exertions to defeat the re
election of Mr. Xeedham.
The forces of Julius Kahn In the Thirty
ninth Assembly District will rally to-mor
row niKht and listen to trie eloquence of
A. P. Van Duzer* Isadore Golden and Mr.
Kahn. the nominee for Congress in the
Fourth District. Mr. Golden, who • Is a
graduate of the San Francisco High
School and the State University and also
a young lawyer of ability, will make his
debut as a campaign orator.
J. C. Nee<lhan> and State Senator J. C.
Smith aro in San Bernardino County talk-
Ing sound money, patriotism and pros
perity. James McLachlan, Republican
nominee for Congress m the Sixth Dis
trict, is touring Los Angeles County this
week. A. J. Dannenbaum, one of the
orators of the Republican school, will
speak at Temescal next Friday night.
John Barrett. ex-United States Minister
to Siam, is billed to speak at San Diego
October 24 and at San Bernardino Octo
ber 25.
Governor Henry T. Gage speaks at Ivjs
AnKelcs Thursday night of this week and
at Santa Barbara Saturday evening.
O. C. Hubbelh, a' popular orator from the
East, speaks at Hanford on October 24,
with J. C. Needham. Thereafter he will
tour the San Joaquin Valley. ' : - i
Major C. W. Kyle will talk at Butte
City to-night, at Elk Creek Wednesday
night and at Willows Thursday. From
Glenn County he goes to Sierra, casting
pearls of oratory along the road.
E. Myron Wolf, ready speaker and good
story teller, will travel In San Mateo
County this week with Eugene F. Loud,
the Republican nominee for Congress in
the Fifth District.
John L. McNab, brother of the cele
brated Democratic champion, Gavtn Mc-
Nab, is battling along the ocean shore of
Mendoclno County for McKinley and
sound money. ¦ .
Attorney General Tlrey L. Ford speaks
with J. C. Needham at San Diego next
Saturday evening and with Senator Per
kins at Los Angeles on October 27.
A popular campaign orator, and ono
who gives the most convincing reasons
for supporting McKinley for President, is
T. B. Dozicr, the Democratic District At
torney of Shasta County. He has sur
prised his old friends and neighbors by
the display of exceptional attributes as an
orator. His brilliancy In the present cam
paign is accounted for on the theory that
he Is now on the right side.
¦ Samuel M. Shortrldee, candidate for
elector at large on the Republican ticket.
Is In great demand. He begins his second
tour of the campaign to-day. To-night
he will Inspire Red Bluff. Wednesday
evening he will aim his eloquence at
Colusa, Friday night Stockton will be
pleased and Saturday night Oakland will
be delighted to hear him. He will secure
laurels in this city Tuesday night next
week.
Senator George C. Perkins will render
an account of his stewardship to the peo-
Spirited Contests In Congressional
Districts— Victor Metcalf WiU
Go Into Seventh to Help
J. C. Needliam.
Predict Fifteen Thousand
Majority for McKinley
in California.
REPUBLICANS
ARE CONFIDENT
AND ENERGETIC
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1900.
RATHER THAN STEAL HE
SURRENDERS HIMSELF
Albert Loux, the Youthful Slayer of Daniel Har
ney, Gives Himself Up to* Police.
Alta.
12
ini *
Economical soap is one
that a touch of cleanses, fj
Pears 7 shaving soap is.;
the best in all the world.
All sort* of people use Pears' «oap, all torts
Cf stores fee;: it, especially druggists.
WILL TELL WHY
Y\E SUPPORTS..
AT METROPOLITAN TEMPLE
THIS TUESDAY EVENING
ALL ARE WELCOME.
W.. M. CTJTTKR, ~ , GEORGE STONE.
Sscretary. Chairman Republican State Committee.
j*** Premiums Eva a
3 many GiVCI! ll CC
. ' WITH
Teas, Coffees,
Spices, Extracts,
Soda, Baking Powder
Good Time and Place to Bay
Come Just to See
Great Aifiricanliprtiiis Tea Co.
210 Grant «ve.. bet. Sutter and Post au.
S61 Market it., ore Powell.
62 Market St.. Junction California. ~~
OUR BRANCH STORES EVEBTWHEBa
...fore...
JUDGE OF THE SUPERIOR COURT,
UNEXPIRED TERM,
FRANK H. KERRIGAN,
REGULAR REPUBLICAN NOMINEE.
DR.MCNDLTY.
I'HISWELL-KXOWX ASI) RELfABLE OLD
. Sp«>cla!Ist<rurejK!oo<l Poison, (Jonor: txw i.oie.-r
Stricture, Seminal Weakness. Impotence and their
alhfM Disorders. Hook on Diseases of Men. free
Ov^rMyears'exper'enee.TfrnMreajmnnbh?. Hour*.
9to3datly;8::»to.S.30pv'|*s. Sundays, 10tr> 10. Consul-
tation t reeandsacredly confidential. Call ov address
P. KONCOE 2IcX*UI/TY. 3i. D.
20 j; Kearny St., San Franrisco. Csl.
DR. CROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For the cure of GONORRHOEA. GLEETS
STRICTURES and anaJagous comDlalau of Ul!
Organs of Generation.
trice |1 a bottle. For aola by druggists.
}^oW gooi<, 1°°X ttlA<U U-!>
979, 9S1, 983, 985, 987 Market Street.
for street costumes and
walking suits
a new arrival of that splendid fabric for fall street costumes
• v , . and walking skirts.
\ • : '' 0 0
hntnp^nnn siiifififfs
llUlilVkjI/Ull OUllliliyJ
50 inches wide
the lot to which to-day we call attention is a particular one
— it is composed of the new and much sought shades of
grays and beiges, and, while the price does not indicate it,
the goods are absolutely all wool, it is a fabric that ha3
both appearance and the wearing qualities — that but for a
most fortunate trade happening— fortunate for you and
ourselves — would cost you at least 33 1-3 per cent more,
the price is ooc per yard, or per suit pattern of 5 yards but
...I .K.S4.50
*££[ GOOD&y^
Halo's.
Hole's.
Halo's. .