PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 19, 1900.
VOLUME LXXXIX-XO. 3 9.
Tales of Shocking Immoralities and Gross Festivities Which - : Put the Hostelry Under
• ' . ¦ ¦'' ' V ¦ '•'¦¦¦'..'...*•'.•'-.
the Ban of Reputable Men and Women and Gave to the Place'a Name of III Repute.
Sensational Testimony Introduced in the Trial of the Suit for Libel Instituted Against The Gall.
WITNESSES TELL OF THE MIDNIGHT ORGIES AND DRUNKEN
REVELS OF BARON VON SCHROEDER AND HIS ROYSTERING
COMPANIONS AT THE CLUBHOUSE OF THE HOTEL RAFAEL
Continued on Fourth. Pago.
i Continued on Second Pagre-
THE suit for libel Instituted by
Baron J. H. von Schroeder
against The Call was resumed
yesterday at San Rafael before
Tudpe Angellotti and a Jury.
The testimony which was sub
mitted during the day was presented
by the defense, and while it was
absolutely material to the determination
of the issues involved it was of such a
character as to shock those who heard
lt_ Seldom has a litigant eat in a court of
justice and heard himself characterized
by his actions as was Baron J. H. von
Kchroeder yesterday when the witnesses
of his Infamy told their stories.
He was pictured from the witness stand
es a moral degenerate, a debauchee,
a rc5'6tering drunkard, who, with bis
drunken women friends, made noisy the
hours of the night at the Hotel Rafael.
The story was not a pleasant one and
Baron J. H. von Schroeder flushed scar
!et as h© heard it told. He turned and
twisted In bis chair, he counseled In agi
tation with his .lawyer, he scowled an
grily and eo lost his self-command as to
receive a sharp rebuke from bis attorney.
He cursed beneath his breath and in an
undertone.
He heard men declare under oath that
he has been a drunken debaucher of
¦women; that ln\he clubhouse of the Ho
tel Rafael he has drunk, Rambled, supped
and at unseemly hours raised his voice
In drunken unison of revelry with Intoxi
cated women. He heard men swear that
he has Ix-en the subject of the generosity
of his women friends; that he permitted
them to buy the wine, "which was drunk
from beer glasses, as the silence of the
night was broken by maudlin laughter
a-nd the discords which Intoxicated brains
thought were melody.
Scenes ai tihcckicjf immorality, in which
Mr. Magulre— Mr.'- Leake, after you. read : the
article in th«San" 4 Francisco Bulletin : on 'Octo
ber 23, 1899," containing, a' purported. letter^of R.
H. Warfleld, whfch,\ you , identified
did;you see*or;speak';to - MK- tVarfleldT on that
day. after reading,' the /purported letter? ~ . '. \
'~ Mr. 1 Preston— Objected > to '.on" the' ground that
it is ¦incompetent,': first, In* 'that -the letter ;*ls
not in evidence i-arid_ therefore ' cannot \ form', the
subject matter of,' a' cross-examination. ¦
_'.' The ¦ Court — It.' is .the ¦ purported* copy,~*orja
purport ; of ¦ the ."purported \ letter 'contained tin
the'.nulletin as shown by. plaintiff's ..proposed
exhibit' A?' JThe (objection * - la -.overruled.-.; I
. think ] I '. understand",, the", object •. of : t th*s ¦ line of
testimony..;,: •<; i-jf.Xi t'SiW ; ;'¦ •. .--y.1
"-'Mr. 5 Preston— We*wiir_take-an exception. _' '
2'-A.*-±i 'have'; no .^recollection 'of : ' seeing General
Warfleld on ¦ that; day> '. fo^ .^^ } , ¦ •
* Mr. Ma#ruirei-pid;you see \hlm: on -the. night
of;that day? ,* ; v ; .* . .y* .'.,'. : j ; {'., -.^ '
I' 'A.— I j, think, not. '';¦ ¦ t". «V*l "•>,'.' ". ' t j "7->;.v -' [
Q.— Did V<Jti send • - anybody '- to">- see *• him : on ,
Baron. I told, him I did not. Mr. Leake
next.- asked Iriie '.what- Isemed to be the
general reputation .of the^ Baron. , I told
him that In San Rafael "'the Baron's gen
eral reputation , was very '.bad. 'I had never
heard anything' against" his 'honesty- ¦ In
money, matters, but -Ills -reputation as to
women was veryibad. ¦
"Mr.' Leake* n ex tj asked me If I ' had
heard of 'any 'incidents, relative to- his
conduct with women. - 1 - told him that I
had, and he asked me to state what I had
heard."- ' y^'Y-S. ¦ . * .." .' * : "- * -• ¦ '¦ '.
The plaintiff's ¦• counsel ', had t been Inter
posing 'objections during this testimony,
and at this po'lnt'-.thelr objections became
more strenuous, and r thie questions, ."What
was your reply?"- and* "What did you see
at -Pastori's?',' : pufr successively,- \wem
each withdrawn' by Preston,' and the wit
ness was withdrawn" temporarily, his;;tes
timony in. mitigation .-being completed, in
order that plaintiff's 'counsel;' might recall
W. S. Leake before' argument; should bo
heard as to the introduction of testimony
regarding occurrences ;. .that- ¦ had \ taken
place > away" from'.the immediate vicinity
of the Hotel ;Rafaell; ; '}'^'}':i , ; . : y v . >
'W. ¦' S.I Leakey,' recalled : by •the^plalntiff
for further cross-examination,' testified as
follows: ¦;*¦' ¦<¦:*" ; ' "'"* ":.': ' \ ; '¦ ,
•¦ "After ", I had answered several ques
tions asked by Mr. Leake he asked; me if I
knew ¦ anything ¦ 'personally .-<-* about.* .the
At' the' beginning of the morning session
of .the court Frank L. ; Perkins was on
the stand. Being: asked to continue his
testimony, as to what had occurred, at the
Interview; between himself' and. W.'' S.
Leakev v man'ager of. Trie Call, he sald:.*iTi
Continuation of . Testimony Be
oun' at M On( i a g Afternoon
: Session,
REPUTATION OF
BARON WAS BAD
Upon the second point, which is one of
the; significant 'and most Important devel
opments of the trial, the manager of The
Cafl testified that Warfleld had told .him
that men and women had declared to him
that they would not live at the Hotel
Rafael while Baron von Schroeder was
within its doors. Both oral and written
objections were made to his presence. As
bearing upon the allegation that Baron
von Schroeder injured the hotel, this de
velopment is of exceptional importance,
particularly from the fact that every ob
jection to Von Schroeder was made be
fore the article in The Call was published,
Tne very day upon which the article was
published Warfleld secured his release as
lessee.' Subsequent to' that it would have
been absurd for any one to voice an ob
jection in reference to Von Schroeder to
Warfleld, who was not in the remotest
way connected ' with- the hoteL*.' : . " •
assured him that he was importuned to
deny [the truth of the publication, and
positively declined to do so and only at
the urgent solicitation of Von Schroeder's
attorney did he sign a statement assert
Ing that he did nofof his own knowledge
know th^ charg-es to be true. More than
this, Warfield declared that- the charges
published were substantially true and
•that his reassuring letter written to Von
Schroeder was.. dictated by policy.
that day, after you read that purported letter?
) Mr. Preston — This is all under the same ob
jection ?
The Court— I would prefer an objection when
ever you wish to make it, if you wish to save
the ¦ point. An objection as Interposed to this
question . is overruled.
A.— I certainly did not, because that is not
in my line of business to detail people to go
and wait on other people. If I might be per
mitted . to i explain how I happened to go it
could be stricken out If there is an objection
to it. , . . . ...
The Court — How ¦ you happened to (0 In the
first instance? ;.v; r ." V. "'-'. :
A.— In the flrst instance, that' is all.
Mr. Ma^uire— Well, I don't care about that.
You 'stated that you got Information from Mr.
Perkins?- •' • ¦ ¦ . .>;£,-.' L"- ' '
' A.— I - went at . the request of General War
fleld to "Gee him, the same as I would go on
your request or anybody else's.
.. Q.— I . will ask you. Mr.; Leake. if at any
time after- you read this purported letter . in
the Bulletin you had a talk with General War-
Held about it? - • {¦ ;.,
A.— Yes.; sir.
Q.— When?
j A.— I . have had ;tw« " or '. three - conversations
with him ' la the presence of Mr. Spreckels In
which he' gave me the reasons why he wrote
the letter. •
' ' Q.— When did ' you have - the first conversa
tion with* him about that?
' A.— I could not name a date. '-
Q.— Was it near, th-e time of. the publication?
¦ X. — It was oome ' time after that; quits a
'while after it/..
Q.— You say that: General Warfleld gave cer
tain reasons for writing that "letter?
.. A.— Yes/ / ' _;"'\ \ • ." .
• Q.— Mr. Spreckels, you say, was present at
that '. conversation ; . the - first • conversation that
you had', with ¦ Warfleld ; about ''that? . ,
'.aI— I don't know It '.was' the firit,
or' not r; *
. Warfield Made No Denial.
<*" Q'— Did t you! at your flrst conversation * with
him; call "his ¦ attention to , the ' letter, or * how
did -the* matter ¦ come up? ' . .
¦V A.— My .recollection ! is " that ' at the ¦ flrst meet
ing we had ' the ' matter ' was talked of . - In : fact.
I r did- very little of the 'talking.- Most of the
P:,;r-: • .-¦ ¦¦••¦ •-' Vf.lH .: :¦ .-:, ¦ ; - ;
IN THE TRIAL OF THE SUIT FOR LIBEL. INSTITUTED 'BY BARON J. H. VON SCHROEDER AGAINST THE CALL
3, TESTIMONY OF THE MOST SHOCKING AND SENSATIONAL CHARACTER \*>'AS INTRODUCED YESTERDAY
TO PROVE THE CHARACTER OF THE LIFE WHICH THE PLAINTIFF LED AT THE HOTEL RAFAEL.
was told, fact by fact, mrldent by Inci
dent, as midnight suppers., drunken as
signation!", clandestine excursions were
told, the attorney for Baron von Schroe
der interposed, but without purpose, his
npvrr ending objections. Now the Baron
and his friends were smashing wine
glasses In the clubhouse. Again the
j Baron's brother was leaning from a win
j flow overcome in his wild orgy by nausea.
I Still a;?a!n one of the women revelers
, was singing in mau'llin melody "He Cer
j tainly Was Good to Me."
These wore the stories which witnesses
told of the life which Baron J. H. von
Schroeder led at the Hotel Rafael and
of the environment which he created for
reputable patrons and guests of the es
\ tablishment. And the climax of moral
and social degradation was not reached
juntil a witness testified that Baron von'
Schrotder had attempted to bribe t him to
watch thf, movements .of Baroness, von
Schroeder and see that she did not sur
prise her husband m his debauchery.
Testimony such a* this has seldom been
; offered in a court of Justice. The neces
sity of any reference to it Is unfortunate.
When the interests of society demanded
that Baron von Schroeder be exposed the
1 Call was carelul not to Jeopardize the
reputations of women who had been be
i gulled by him or had so far forgotten
i themselves as to be his companions. In
this trial, therefore, the name of no
1 woman has been spoken. The proprietor
. of The Call instructed the attornes's for
! the paper that under no circumstances,
' whatever the outcome of the case might
be, was the name of a woman to be used.
The offender against eoclety is the man
who demands damages for an alleged in
' Jury to the reputation which he estab
lished for himself at the Hotel Rafael.
When the case opened yesterday testi
mony of a very vital character was intro
duced and it is significant that it was
elicited by . the attorney ¦ for ' Baron
von Schroeder in croes-cxamination.of W.
', S. Leake the manager of the Call. Baron
von Schroeder, through his attorney, has
insisted that R. II. Warfleld; over his own
signature, declared that he had suffered;
as lessee of the Hotel Rafael, no injury
from the actions of Von Schroeder. It- is
also contended that if the hotel' gained
an unenviable notoriety,' which made it
objectionable to decent people, it did. so
afterthe publication' In. The" Call of" the
article which Von Schroeder claims te
On the first of, these, points the manager
of The Call testified '-hit fir fiL V/ar!i*M
debauch.
As the shocking story of disgusting vice
Daron von Sehroeder, his brother and
their women companions were the actors,
were described. Witnesses swore that in
thrpe .orgies glasses and . dishes were
broken, that Von Schroeder and his com
panions reveled in shameless disregard of
the con?pquenc»»s ' of ¦ their acts. . These
men. and women, the witnesses swore,
threw glasses and dishes out of the win
dows; thpy pranceO and capered about
the rooms of the clubhouse;, they sank
exhausted, overcome, senseless In their
" SHERIDAN, Or.. Dec. 18.— The three
masted schooner . Pioneer, Captain Mlch
aelson. went ashore at 4 a. m. on Monday
on the Nestucca beach. Opposite Ocean
Park. She was lumber laden from the
Knappton mills on the Columbia River
and bound -for San Francisco. When
sixty miles off shore in 45 degrees latitude
she lost her rudder and a gale blowing
ninety miles per hour forced her in shore,
where she, lies high upon the sands .with
EOO.000 feet of lumber. The captain . and
crew are safe.
There Is, however, another side to this,
according to sensational stories told by
the deserting engineer, who is imprisoned
here, and firemen who left the steamer.
They say. that the steering-gear of the
steamer was defective.- Therefore Cap
tain York may have endeavored to bring
the steamer to the proper channel, but
was unable to steer her during the gale.
Gordon, -the Imprisoned engineer; " Dona
van, a fireman, formerly of the Robert
Ada'mson, and C. E. Swanson say that
two men could not hold the wheel with
ease in fine weather. It was common for
her to go off two or more points. Gordon
in his Interview also says thatithe steam
er's steam pumps were worn out, andj
the valves being smooth the pumps could
get no suction. They were useless when
their services were required when the
steamer began to make water, which ne
cessitated her returning from Cape Flat
tery.
Gordon was charged by the master and
owners with having opened one of the
seacocks and letting water into the hull.
This he denied., but Dona van, the fireman,
said to-night that Gordon could tell more
than he would wish to of this.
SCHOONER PIONEER ASHOBE.
VICTORIA, Dec. IS.— When the steamer
Alpha left here on Saturday her master
refused to take a pilot, saying that he did
not need one, although as a matter of
fact Ca jftaln York had not been over the
route more than twice prior to his last
fatal voyage. That he did not know the
waters is shown by. the fact that he tried
to bring the Alpha into Balnes Sound
from the wrong, side of Yellow Island.
Just as the vessel sank from sight two
engineers plunged from her side, but were
sucked down as the water rolled In from
either side where the vesel had been.
William Enos and J. A. Craig, two
young Englishmen, were the only passen
gers aboard, with the exception of the
Japanese who were engaged to look after
the fish. They were among the last to
leave the vessel, and two of the swinging
lines that connected the Alpha with the
rocky shore had already parted when
Enos attempted to pull himself across
hand over hand on the last remaining
rope.' He got through safely. Craig was
In the center with a flood of water smoth
ering him when the steamer plunged
backward and the rope snapped. Craig
managed to hang on and a half minute
later was pulled in, more dead than alive.
He was the last man saved.
Young says that Captain York and Bar
ber were on the bridge when the Alpha
attempted to enter the Union Bay chan
nel and failed. An ettort was made to
swing the vessel around, but so great
was the force of wind -irr! waves against
her sides that she ref- to answer her
helm and went steadily toward the rocks.
Then the engine- bells rang to reverse at
full speed. The machinery, of ancient de
sign and always slow to work, could not
be handled and the steamer's own speed
drove her to destruction.
VANCOUVER. Dec. 18.-News to-day
from Union Bay, the scene of the disaster
to the steamer Alpha, shows the wreck
of ..the famous British steamer to have
been complete. Three bodies have been
recovered of the nin«> men who were
drowned. They are those of Samuel Bar
ber, part owner, his brother. James Bar
ber, and Seaman Sullivan. Captain Gos.se
of the steamer Coquitlan, which arrived
this afternoon from Yellow Island Light
house, where the Alpha foundered, says
the hulk has nearly gone to pieces. The
vessel's back was broken In three places
and parts of her deckhouse, together with
portions of the cargo, are strewn along
the rocky coast for three miles.
Fireman Joseph Young told a thrilling
tale of the disaster to-day. After the
first smash on the ledge of rock under the
Yellow Island lighthouse he was in the
stokehole and tried to clamber out. as he
felt the vessel lurching under his feet.
He had on a lacket, shirt, overalls, boots
and hose. As he climbed out he was
swept away from the fireroom door by
the suction of a wavev Then he was car
ried against the rock3, where his feet
caught in a Jagged crevice and he left
both boots. His fe«?t were horribly
mangled as he Jerked himself free from
the course of the next wave. He was
burled repeatedly against floating wreck
age, and his lefs, acting, a^ ..fenders .were
frightfully lacerated before he finally was
able to obtain a footing. All his clothes
were torn off except a remnant of v his
shirt. Above the roaring of the storm "he
could hear men shouting and crying for
help and several were in the rigging as
the vessel went down.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Survivors Declare the Vessel's Ancient
Machinery Was Responsible
for the Disaster.
Remains of Owner Barber
and His Brother Are
Recovered.
Wrecked Steamer
Alpha Past Going
to Pieces.
SEA CASTS
UP BODIES
OF VICTIMS
Mr. Harmon, of counsel for appellant In
the Philippines case, followed Mr. Per
kins, speaking at times In impassioned
tones which rang throughout the cham
ber. He spoke of the august character of
the court, and of the sentiment that on
this "holy ground" justice and right were
certain to prevail. The proposition now
presented, small In Itself, involved re
sults affecting the entire future of the
Government. Mr. Harmon briefly recited
the circumstances of the Philippine case;
Emll J. Pepke, a volunteer serving
in the Philippines, purchased fourteen
diamond rings valued at $300 to $1000,
brought them back to the United States,
where, at Chicago, the United States cu»-
Philippines Case Presented.
Continuing his argument Mr. Perkins
cited many other authorities supporting
his view that the constitution in lt»eif
extended to territories.''
Mr! Perkins said the limitations of his
answer were intended to cover such spe
cial circumstances, relating to Indiana
and uncivilized persons, which had been
referred to. ,
Justice White suggested that in this an
swer "under the Jurisdiction of the United
States" stated out of the ouestlon the
very contention which was being made in
these cases.
Mr. Perkins answered that undoubtedly
persons born In the territory after the
cession and subject to the Jurisdiction of
the United States were citizens of the
United States.
White Asks About Indians.
Justice White asked what authority
there was for excluding Indians. He
pointed out that the distinction between
the American Indian and the citizen ante
dated the constitution. He again pro
pounded the query as to citizenship fol
lowing immediately upon session of terri
tory.
.Mr. Perkins answered in the affirmative,
saying that if his contention was correct
those bdrn in the territory after the ces
sion were citizens if they were civilized
and not in the position of our Indiana.
At this point Justice White asked a
series of pointed questions of Mr. Perkins.
The Justice first asked If Mr. Perkins*
contention would lead him to the con
clusion that immediately on the making:
of a treaty ceding territory to the United
States every person born in that territory
after the date of cession became Ipso jure
a citizen of the United States.
After examining numerous cases, Mr.
Pei kins said that the doctrine that the
constitution did not extend to the terri
tories was based on the idea that the con
stitution was a substance, a sort of
chattel, which could be moved about here
and there as Congress saw fit, rather than
fomething bequeathed to us by our ances
tors. It was, he said, a sort of "transsub
stantiation of the constitution." It was
a contention that the constitution could
not get into a territory unless Congress
placed it there. He denied that the con
stitution In itself extended to the terri
tories by declaring that it was an inani
mate substance, lacking the powers of lo
comotion. .
Sort of Transsubstantiation.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 13.— Argument In
the Porto Rlco-Phillpplnea cases, involv
ing the status cf those countries to the
United States, was resumed In the Su
preme Court to-day. The widespread in
tcrcst in the cases was shown by the
large attendance of prominent members
of the bar and by a crowd of spectators
which filled the public area and over
flowed in the corridor. Senators and Rep
resentatives in Congress dropped in as
the arguments proceeded and gave atten
tive ear to the proceedings.
Prior to the opening of the court the
counsel conferred and arranged a general
plan of procedure by which Edward C.
Perkins, senior counsel in the Porto Ri
can case, would conclude his argument
to-day, being followed by Lawrence Har
mon, counsel in the Philippine case. The
appellants would then give way to Attor
ney General Griggs for the presentation
of the case in behalf of the Government.
This, It was expected, would continue
until to-morrow, when Charles H. Al
drich, former Solicitor General and se
nior counsel in the Philippines case, will
close In behalf of the appellants.
Mr. Perkins, in resuming his argument,
took up the Dred Scott and other cases
relating to the extension of the constitu
tion over territory. Soon after Mr. Per
kins began Justice Brown interposed an
inquiry as to whether Mr. Perkins had
examined the most recent cases relating
to the extension of the constitution to ter
ritories, and also whether he had exam
ined those sections of the United States
statutes wherein Congress extended the
constitution to certain territories. Mr.
Perkins said he had examined both of
these branches, and he hoped to be able
to present answers to the contentions
made as to them.
habitants of New Possessions
Are Not Citizens.-
Attorney General Griggs Declares In-
Question as to WMlier tlie
Constitution Follows
the Flag.
Arguments in Porto
Rico and Pliilip
pines Cases.
RIGHTS OF
RESIDENTS OF
NEW DOMAIN
The San Francisco Call.A.— I did not direct anything to be published
about it.
Mr. Maruire — I will read this letter as pub
lished In the Bulletin.
The Court— The objection now to the Intro
duction of this purported copy Is overruled and
the exception noted for the defendant.
Mr. Preston— I might state my grounds fully
In the record.
The Court — The question Is whether you are
referring to the particular article.
A.— Well. I am not referring to that article
now. 1 am referring to—
Mr. Magulre (Interrupting)— We object to any
statement of that conversation concerning: any
matter exceDt about this letter.
Mr. Preston— W<> have a right to have the
whole of the conversation touching the sub
ject matter that forms the basis of this litiga
tion.
The Court— I think so. because It bears upon
the «ubject in controversy. •
Mr. Magulre— Well, we will note an excep
tion. We object upon the ground that It Is lm
material. Irrelevant and incompetent and not
redirect examination.
TWe Court— It Is relating to the remainder of
the conversation which von have already par
tlrlly broua-ht cut. Proceed.
Mr. Marulre— >nd we note an exception to
your Honor's rullne.
A. — Mr. SpreckeU nuked Genernl
Warfleld-lf he bad told me at «hl»
Interview that he irnve np the len«e.
or wnnted to prlve np the lcn»e on
nrrnnnt of the condnct of Hnron von
Schrnedcr, nnd he nnld he dlil. He
iiald, "In the article nm pnbltnhed
truef He nald,. "Substantially not
I told Mr. l.enke thnt." He vr««
JiRked If he would ro on the wit new*
Ktnnd and sny no and he anld he
would. He mil Rnkrd tn refcard to
this letter. He nntd thnt he wrote
thnt letter hollevlna that he wan
unylnfr that he did not know of
thene eplDode* of hia'own prmonnl
knowledge, but, he Raid. "I did not
mean to convey the Idea thnt com
plaint* were not made to me. and
that I had not heard thene thln$ra."
He aald that Mr. Walter Dean aald
to me, "I know of > alx prominent
people who have refused to go to
thnt hotel——"
Mr. Magulre (Interrupting)— We want to ob
ject. We object to the witness retailing any
*tatement made by Mr. Warfleld "after the pub
lication of this article concerning what had
been eald to him by other people. We object
to it on the ground that it is wholly imma
terial, irrelevant and Incompetent and not re
direct examination.
The Court-I , think the whole of that con
\ creation Is admissible so far as It relates to
this publication.
Mr. Magulre — We note an exception.
A.— He nald, "Mr. Walter Dean
told me In maklnp: hln complaint
nhont the conduct of the Baron, 'I
know of nix people, prominent peo
ple, who' refuned to go to yonr ho
tel. >'ow, If I know of six, how
ninny more are there?' " He farther
ntated that Mm.
' Mr. Masulre (interrupting)— This is all sub
ject to the.sam* objection and exception.
The Court— Very welL . .
Baron - Was Shunned.
A.— I can't think of tbe lady's name. My
recollection Is that she was sort of In charge
there.
Mr. Preston (interrupting)— Hatherway?
-A. MImm Ilnlhrrnny, lhn( In the
name. lie had received a letter and
broneht Jt to bint and . read It to
him. In which a certain lady n«ked
If Baron von Schroeder vraa at the
hotels If mo that nhe would not come
there while he was present.
Mr. Magulre— This Is subject to the objection
acd exception.
Ihe Court — I understand that all this Is sub
ject to the objection and exception.
Mr. Magutre — Tes. sir, subject to the objec
tion and exception.
Mr. Preston: Q.— Was there anything cald at
that conversation?
A. — T just want to think for a moment, I
fcave been interrupted ro often. I know that
Mr. Spreckels was very particular to ask him
at my suggestion
The . Court (interrupting)— You are stmply
arked for the conversation. Let that go out.
Well, that part of It will be repetition.
ti-cn. But the conversation lasted a long tlm«.
I think I have given about the substance of It.
Mr. Preston: Q.— Did you ferl after this con
versation w-lth General Warfleld took place,'
rubsequent to the date of this purported letter,
tliat you had done any Injustice to the plain
tin". Von gchroeder. or been misled at all In
your Information concerning ljtm of the facts
which led up to the publication of the alleged
libel in thla case, or that there was any cause
fcr a retraction or modification, aa a matter
of Justice to the plaintiff?
Mr. Magulre — Objected to as Immaterial, Ir
relevant and Incompatent for any purpose.
No Injustice to Plaintiff.
The Court— X think' in reply to your cross
examination they have a right to that testi
mony. . ... :
Sir.- Maguire— His belief la Immaterial we
submit. <-i ¦_ "¦ " '•- r
The Court— Not on that question. Judge, In
mitigation of damages.
Mr Maguire — I think so: a statement of his
belief, or a statement cf what occurred may
be given and the Jury" a Judgment may be all
right, but a statement of what h« believed
The Court— A statement that he believed It
is not necessarily binding on the Jury. It is
for the Jury to determine as to the weight of
his testimony, but they have- a right to do it.
Mr Maguire— We object to It as Immaterial,
irrelevant and incompetent.
The Court— Tbe objection is overruled. What
is the question?
(Question read by. the reporter.)
Mr Maguire— Now. we desire to make the
additional objection there that the belief or
luactnent or conclusion of the witness at that
time was immaterial, because It appears that
he was not representing the defendant ut
that time, but that the defendant waa person
ally present. We desire to add that ground
to the tn-ounds already stated.
Mr Preston— Then the whole conversation
Ehould be stricken but. The gentleman cannot
blow hot and cold. He cannot bind the^de
fendant. Spreckels. by an Interview with Gen
eral Warfield and bring In a portion of the
conversation and — .
Mr Maguire (Interrupting)— I want to with
draw the last part, because I concede that It
may be competent, that. If It Is competent,
relevant or material at alt the. presence of
Mr. Prreckels at that particular time may
nbt change th« aspect of It. I withdraw that
part of our objection.
Charles H. Smith, cashier of the South
ern Pacific Company, the plaintiff in the
action, was on the stand ail day answer
ing as to the truth of a multitude of
nasty charges made against him by his
wife In letters written from time to time.
Mrs. Smith read her own letters, and sto
ically waded through those portions that,
from their vulgar nature, caused the
court displeasure. - Ail day Judge Daln
sjerfield listened to the monotonous chant
of tbeae letters. Among the gentle (state
ments of Mrs. Smith to her husband aa
contained In these letters are several that
would be "fierce" in the ordinary divorce
action. Some cf these milder quotations
follow: . .' .
"Yesterday the strong arm ' of our son
was raised against his own father in de
feare of bis mother's virtue. , Let the en
counter bo an awful' warning- to
There are some points of pleading-, and
practice that Mrs. Josephine Smith, who,
la propria persona, is conducting her de
fente to her husband's action for divorce,
is unable to mentally assimilate. When
Bhe is confronted with these tangled
knot* it Is difficult for her to conceal her
pique. On one occasion yesterday she
ssked the court to defer the reading of
one letter written by her to her husband
until she could consult with her former
attorney. Eamuel M. Shortridge, and be
advised as to its admlsEibllity. Judge
Dalngerfield expressed his regard for Mr.
Shortrtdge'B opinion, but- stated that he
hardly beileved that it would alter the
court's opinion as to whether or not it
were admissible, and It was ordered read.
COURT BLUSHES
WHEN MRS . SMITH
READS LETTERS
She Makes All Sorts of Ac-
cusations Against
Husband.
Mr. Maguire— I will ask you, Mr. Leake. was
there anything said la The Call about this
letter or General Warfleld'n statement concern
ing it after you read this letter In the Bulle
tin—the purported letter In the Bulletin?
Mr. Preston — Objected to on the ground that It
is not competent evidence in rebuttal. It Is
Irrelevant, also, and incompetent for the pur
pose of this proving or rebutting the presump
tion of knowledge.
The Court — Ttje objection is overruled. An
swer the questicn. please.
Mr. Pretton— Exception.
Mr. Maguire — Answer the questlon.
A.— Not that I know of. No publication refer
ring to that that I know of.
Q— Tou would probably have knowledge of it
if any such publication was made?
A.— Tes. sir. It rr.ieht have happened during
my visit East or something of that kind, but I
have no knowleds*e of It.
The Court — Q. — Did you direct anything to be
published about it?
The Ccurt— To rebut that testimony, that is
the idea.
Mr. Maguire— That ia the idea. I admit that
we could not effer it In the first Instance.
Mr. Preston-rWe object to it on the ground
that it Is incempetect.
The Court— If It Is shown, and I suggested
it to you yesterday, that ihere wa» nothing
said In The Call about this letter subsequent
to Its be!r.g read. I will allow the testimony.
The j-roof has not been offered.
Mr. Preston— We object to that aa Incom
petent upon the ground -that it is a failure to
retract and is not competent evidence to estab
lish malice.
The Court (after argument)— I thini
where the defense has offered evidence of the
conduct cf a party, the other side on croes
examlnatlon Is entitled to eo ¦ fully -Into the
conduct of it. I think it is proper cross-ex
amlsation.
Mr. Maguire— Net to siww malice, but to re
but the showing that there was no malice.
Mr. MaruJre— We clTer In evidence the
Inter which the witness, the manager of The
Call, testifies that he saw on the Cth of Octo
ber. 1S99. and about which ! he had " this con
versation with General- Warfleld within two
or three weeks later. ; « -
Bulletin Denial.
Refused to Sign Letter.
Q.— He refused to sirn a draft of a letter
which had been presented to him? . • • . ? •
'. A.— Because he did not want to say that he
knew they were not true.
Q — But he told you that he had.' signed the
letter that you had read in the Bulletin?
A— Sir?
Q— He told you that he had signed the letter
in the modified form as it was published In tbe
Bulletin?
A.— "Well, we were -discussing that. We did
not have the Bulletin before us at the time.
Q. — But you were discussing the letter pub
lished In the Bulletin?
A— A letter, yes. tlr, purporting to be the
letter.
Q — And he said that he had slrned it under
the circumstances which you have etated?
A— Tes. eir.
Q.— Can yoa tell us, Mr. Leake, how soon
that mas after the 2Jth of October. 1S99? If
you can remember the day. was it within a
few days, or a few weeks?
A.— No. it wa» quite a little while after that.
I would not want to attempt to give the date,
bectuse It would simply be a guesc ' en my
part. I have a rreat .many thing? to attend
to. and it is a matter that did not impress
me very much at the time.
Q —Well, it wa» net ai long- as a month
after?
A.— It wa* aome time after that.' It miirht
have been two or three weeks.
Q.— It micht have been as Ions a* two or
three weeks T
A.— Tea. 6ir; It mlcht have b«en. -
Q — It was no longer than that, waa It?
A.— I hardly think so.
A. — And he declined to nljcn that
Irtter, for thf rea«on, aa I under
stood him. that It made an abiolnte
dental of all of thla. And General
Wardrld'n attorney drew op a letter
wblrh he conaented to aljrn. naylnfr
that he had no personal knowledge
of the troth of thene thing:*. And
tbat letter ««• taken back, to tbe
party, who aald that he would »1kii
that letter and give a check for
fflOOO providing? they wonld release
1. 1 in from the leaae.
Q.— Well. I am asking you now about the let
ter— r.ot about the release ot * tolm from the
lease. . '-~ ¦
A. — Tou asked me about the conversation I
had at that time.
Q— Very well. - r - * ¦ - :
A.— If I have rone outside, of the limits It
vm unintentional. - '
Q— Then he stated to you that he clgned the
letter under those circumstances?
A. — That he did not know of, his own per
sonal knowledge that these thing* were true;
that he refused to slirn some letter which he
eaid they wanted him to sign.
A.— A* nearly as I can remember the eonver
ration it van that a letter was brou^ht'or »ent
to h!in to r\&n, which he refused to Flpn. drawn
fcy an attcrney named nichard*. or some *urh
name if that; anyway, he spoke of him as the
attorney for Baron von Fchroeder: as to the
rum* I am not rure. It snunded like RlckanJs
or tome such narr.e a* that. Am I correct In
the reme cf the attorney?
Mr M*ruire— The name of the attorney Is not
Culte correct; nirketts. I think, would be the
name of that attorney.
General Warfield Paid a Thou
sand Dollars to Secure
the Release. •
SAID ARTICLE
WAS CORRECT
conversation occurred between Mr. Epreckels
and Mr. Warfleld.
Q.— Somebody brought the subject of the let
ter up?
A.— Tea, elr. I occasionally aeked a question.
Q.— By the letter you mean the letter pub
lished In the Bulletin, as published In the Bul
letin?
A.— The purported letter— y<«. elr.
Q -And which you have Identified here?
Q.'— The' purported letter published In the Bul
letin?
A— Te«, tlr.
Q.— The me that was thown to you yester
day and about which you testified?
Q.'— I will ask you what General ¦Warfleld Bald
to ycu at that time about the letter?
Gus Lally was called. He had worked
as a waiter at the Hotel Rafael In the
summer of 1S98, being employed In the
clubhouse. Ho often served wine to the
Baron's little parties. At some of these
the lady signed most of the wine cards.
He related more tales of broken dishes,
glasses, singing and shouting.
"They made what I would call a 'rough
house/ said the witness.
"Did you ever see the Baron take any
liberties with the women?" ' * r
"No, nothing more than just fooling."
"¦\Vhat do you mean by fooling?"
"Oh. wrestling and scrambling around
Raymond O'Neill was called. He was
emploved at the Hotel Rafael In the sum
mer o"f 1SS8 as a bellboy and later as a
"Did you ever Bee the plaintiff coming
from the room of a married woman?"
Objection was made by Maguire on the
ground of irrelevancy and remoteness of
the occurrence. It was overruled and an
exception noted. "Witness answered:
Further questions were objected to. and
Preston said his purpose was to ldenufy
the wcroJUi with the one with whom the
Baron had been seen so often In the club
house. The questions were allowed and
witness said that she was the same mar
ried woman.
Bride Goes to Pastori's.
William H. Jewell was called. He wa3
driving a bus In San Rafael in IS*.' and
1S98 Hfc testified that he frequently saw
Baron von Schrceder during the aumraer
"Did" you see the plaintiff on the hotel
grounds one night?*
"I saw him on Bell avenue, near the
hotel stables, one night about 10 or 11
° "How many were there In the party V
"Blx. A bride and groom, a young lady
and the Baron and a couple I did not
know. I was there with a carriage that
had been ordered. Tho bride directed the
HUSBAND WAS
HOTEL GUEST
Baron's Misconduct* In Hotel
Proper as .Well as In
Clubhouse.
"Did you ever have any conversation
concerning lights?" . .-'„-'
' "Tes. The light on the porch was
turned out. I turned It on and was or
dered to turn It ont. I said the orders
were that it should be kept turned on.
but they again turned it out. The plaint
iff.: his brother and the lady were on the
porch. After the light was out you could
see some one was sitting there, but couia
not see what they were doing. '
"Did you see any conduct out of the
ordinary?" • „ ,
"The lady was sitting on the Barons
lap."
"Was she»hls wife?"
"She was not." , . .
On cross-examination witness said he
did not know which of the three turned
the light out.
"Did Mr. Leake ever promise to get you
a position on the police force of. San
Francisco?" asked Maguire,
"No, sir. That Is a position I would
not care to accept."
"Did you get any money-except your
witness fees?"
"No, sir, I did not."
WINE WAS FOR
HER BOY ALEX
Quiet Little Partu of Four
That Had Use for But
Two Chairs. 1
"William 8. Ballard, a barkeeper who
worked at the Hotel Rafael for a month
in 1897 and through the summer of 1893
as manager of the clubhouse, was called
to the stand. He had often seen the
Baron at the clubhouse late at night with
ladles.
"What conduct did you observer* -was
asked by defendant's counsel.
"There were o?ten wine parties, four be
ing present— the Baron, his brother and
two ladles, one of them married, the other
single." - .
"Did they pair off? Did the Baron have
an especial companion?" ,,
"I never saw them separate but once.
"Was there much noise?" •>.-•=
"Not except singing."
"Any dishes broken?"
"Oh. yes, dishes were broken— thrown
out of the window. Lots of glasses were
broken. The Baron paid for them."
. "What did they drink?"
% "Usually four bottles of wine."
"Who paid for It?"
"Generally the Baron. The married
woman sometimes paid for it."
"What did they drink out of?"
"Generally beer glasses."
"Do you remember any particular occa
sion?"
"Once late in July I was ordered to
serve a bottle of wine. Soon the bell rang
again, and as I *-ent into the wineroom
the unmarried woman had the bottle of
wine and she said, 'No, this Is for my boy.
Alex, and me.' and the other lady ordered
another quart of wine for herself and the
Baron." .
"How were they sitting?"
"In two chairs, the women on the men's
laps."
"The married woman on the Baron's
lap?"
''She was."
"Was her husband In the hotel at the
time?"
"He was a guest, but I think was away
at the time."
"Did you ever have any conversation
.with the Baron -about his wife?*'
\ Objection was made and overruled.
'> "One night the Baron and these three
came Into the clubhouse. The Baron said
to me, 'Has the Baroness been over here
this evening?' I said she had been, but
had gone back. He said, 'Will you do me
a favor?' I said yes. and he put a five
dollar note into my hand and said for me
to tell him if the Baroness came back to
the clubhouse.
"Did these four remain together during
these evenings, or did they separate?
Wcs the wine always drunk in the card
room?"
"Sometimes In the grounds, and some
times in. the ¦ cardrooms." .
"Did von Schroeder ever ask you as to
where the others were?"
"He did.'-'
"What others did he ask about?"
"The Baron Alexis and the woman with
him." , '
"Where' were they at the time?"
Magufre objected and the objection was
sustained. ' . •-
."Had you Been' the brother leave the
presence of the Baron?"
Plaintiffs counsel kept interposing ob
jectlons 1 to the line of questioning. Pres
ton contendlng.that it was permissible on
the ground that objectionable conduct on
the part of the brother Alexis and known
to the Baron made the latter culpable. To
a. slightly different question the witness
answered: ¦ ;
"I told the Baron that Alexis had left,
taking with him a bottle of wine and two
glasses." i ..-.-. :
"What did the Baron do?"
"He ordered a pint of wine and took It
into a cardroom." •• ' \ ' '
"Who was there?" : -
"I understand I am not to mention
names, of .women.".-
"That la right. Under no circumstances
are you to do that In your testimony.
Was a woman-, there?"
"A married woman."
» "What did you see occur there?"
"After a while I was called again by
the bell., I found the lady on the Baron's
lap, -or rather reclining against him. She
seemed " downhearted ¦ and was crying.
He said, 'Never mind, dear, I am in the
same fix.' I served the wine and she
signed the wine card."
"Where was the Baron's right hand?"
"On- the shoulder of the lady, his arm
around her.'.'
"Where was her left hand?"
"He held it In his left."
"Her other hand free to sign the wine
card?"
"Yes."
"Did you ever have any conversation
with the Baron concerning his wife?"
Objection was made and Preston re
framed the question thus:
"Did the Baron ever give you money to
watch his wife, to see that she did not in*
terfere with his parties?"
Maguire objected and the question was
argued at much length, juage AnKelloi^i
held that the evidence was permissible as
containing an admission on the part of
plaintiff. The answer of witness was: •
"He did not."
"Did the Baron ever tell you to warn
him If the Baroness came over to the
clubhouse?"
"He did."
Her Favorite Coon Song.
"What was their conduct at these little
wine parties in regard to singing?"
"Well, they used to sing a great deal,
generally coon songs."
"Do you remember any particular
song?"
"One of the ladles was fond of singing
'He Certainly Was Good To Me.' "
Plaintiff's counsel took the witness.
"Where have been employed for the last
three or four months?"
"In the Palace Hotel?"
"Have you been In the employ of Mr.
Leake?"
"I was for a few weeks, hunting up
witnesses who knew facts such as I re
iated. . .
"How did you come to go to Mr.
Leake?".
"I was talking with Harry McKensle, a
waiter, and told him of my experiences
at the Hotel Rafael in 1898. He said that
he was looking for a man with such evl- 1
dence; that I might go and see Mr. Leake
or not. but in any case I would be sub
penaed."
"Did McKenzie, say there was money in
It?" <
"No, he satd nothing of the kind."
"Mr. Peters,. how often did you see the
Baron on the grounds as late as 4 o'clock."
"I will not say that I saw him there
that late."
"How often did you see him as late as
3 o'clock?"
"Several times. I should say."
"Did the Baron join In the singing in
tho cardrooms?"
,. "He sometimes Joined in the refrain."
•."Did you say you ever saw the Baron
Intoxicated?" . ' * "' " '
¦ "I certainly have seen him intoxicated.
"Was he lying on the floor?"
"No, he was sitting in his chair or
walking about."
"Was be able to talk intelligently?"
"I cannot cay that he was. He often
talked a lot of nonsense."
"What were your relations to Baron von
Schroeder while you were at the hotel?"
"He treated me as a servant and I treat
ed him as a gentleman." ¦
"Your feeling for him was friendly, was
it not?"
"No more so than my feeling for any
one else in a similar position."
LIGHT TURNED
OFF ON PORCH
Baron and Male anl Female
Companions Superior to
Hotel Rules.
Edward R, Moss was called. He was a
waiter employed at the Hotel Rafael as
an extra man for a few days in July. 1899.
He was employed at serving drinks in
the dub rooms.
"Did you see the plaintiff in the club
house at nights during that time in com
pany of women?"
"Who 'were they?"
"Guests of the hotel."
"Was there any marked attention to
any one of them?" . :
"Well, he seemed friendly with all of
the women." „
"I repeat the question. "Was" there any
marked^' attention to any one of the
"Yes, to one of them."
SALISBURY TALKS
OF AIDING POOR
Suffering Among Working
People Declared Disgrace
to Civilization.
LONDON, "Dec 18.— At the annual con
ference of the National Union of Conser
vative Associations to-day - Lord Salis
bury, commenting on the ¦ remarkable
change of London- from- a Radical to a
Tory stronghold, remarked that the only
radicalism remaining was found where
the. burning question was the housing of
the poor. . - Conservatives, be added
could not more securely maintain their
hold on the public than by devoting their
whole power to removing this scandal of
civilization— the suffering many working
people had to : undergo from the -pitiable
accommodations and providing ¦ adeouate
healthful habitations for the poor. < " 0
Alluding to the war, Lord Salisbury
aald.if they wished to sustain, the Em
pire and maintain the glory of England
untarnished, their efforts must not be
slackened until this great enterprise was
carried out,: for on the Issue thereof de
pended the glory and • perpetuity • of the
Empire, It might require a strenuous ef
fort and .great self-sacrifice. The present
was a period of some anxiety.
"We." said the Premier, "do not know
exactly what has taken place. We earn
estly hope the issue may be better than
the beginning. But we have to push it
thnjugh. Maybe there are matters which
have not been explained, and when ex
plained it may be the subject of scrutiny
as to the steps whereby the present re
suits have been reached. But .we must
spare no effort whereby the glory and th«
maintenance of ¦ our ¦ Empire may b«
achieved." ...¦-¦¦¦ '¦: . .-*¦-.,.. -
Captain's] Body 'Pound.
-" MALAGA,', Dec 18.— The body ~ in • u n j.
form, of Captain Kresthman; commander
of the wrecked German \ training * shiD
Gnetsenau. has been v washed ashore and
was buried this afternoon In the British
cemetery. This is the first body recovered
on-the beach. ¦* -- ... . u
CHICAGO, Dec. 18.— Af the convocation
exercises at the University of Chicago
President Harper announced that John D.
Rockefeller had made another gift of $1,
000.000 to the institution. Of this sum »1.
000,000 is to be used as an endowment fund
and the university is to derive the benefit
of the Income from it from year to year.
It is also stipulated that the $1,000,000 is to
be in the university's name and it is to be
considered its absolute property > tot all
time.
The remainder of the gift is to be used
for. immediate purposes and for. general
needs. Mr. Rockefeller suggests that $100,
000 of the $500,000 be used for the construc
tion of a university press building, a large
part of the structure to be devoted to a
library. ¦ - ;: .
Before making public Mr. Rockefeller's
latest gift r>r. Harper upheld In emphatic
term? the right • of the prof essors of the
Univerelty: of Chicago to freedom of
speech.- The earnestness with which- he
declared that no donor might interfere
with the speech' of any of the Instructors
of the university, coming, as it did, just
before the. announcement of, an additional
gift? from Mr. Rockefeller, was specially
significant. He said: "Whatever. may
have happened • In -• other universities, in
the University .of Chicago neither the
trustees nor the president, nor any one In
official position. 1 has at any. time called an
instructor, to , account for any pu blic ut
¦ terances which . he mav have made. '. In
order • not - to be. misunderstood ' I wish- to
say that no donor of funds to the univer
sity—and I include in the number of don
ors the- founder; of • the university, Mr.
Rockefeller— has,, ever by a single word or
act indicated his dissatisfaction with the
instruction given to the students of tha
university: . or. with ¦ the ; public expression
of .opinion made by. an officer of the uni
versity. ' I. vouch for the truth - of • this
statement,' and I -trust it -may; have the
largest possible publicity." —
Makes a Royal Gift to
the University of
, Chicago.
'<' '¦¦¦ \
GIVES ANOTHER
MILLION DOLLARS
"Do you remember any -conduct as to a
wine party at which regular glasses wero
not used? ¦* Now be careful; do not men
tion the names of any women."
'On one occasion I was ordered to, serve
wine In a cardroom of the. clubhouse. • In
the room- ere the Baron and his»brother
Alexis anu two ladles. I served it In the
regular glasses. Later I was rung • for
again and the glasses had been broken: I
brought other glasses and they Bwept
them off the table and ordered me to
bring something larger. I brought beer
schooners back with me, and when I
reached the room each of the men occu
pied a chair and had one of the ladies on
his lap. The wine was poured out in the
schooners and. they drank it." -
"Were they apparently drunk?"
"They certainly were apparently
drunk." - "
"What were the circumstances con
nected with young Alexis crawling out of
the window? ' . , • .
"It was a little party, with the same
women I have Just told, of."
"Of the wine-schooner party?
"Yes."
"What was the condition of Alexis?"
"He seemed to b« drunk and was very
•lck."
"Were you called upon to serve sup
pers?" ' ' i
"Yes. We closed the lunchroom at 12
o'clock, but I frequently served lunches
and wine after that hour."
Women Paid for Wine.
"W r ho used to pay for the wine?"
The question was objected to, and
Prefeton said that his purpose was to
show that the women frequently paid for
the wine, and that he sought testimony to
establish a direct allegation of defen
dant's answer. The court overruled the
objection. The witness answered:
"Sometimes the Baron and sometimes
the women."
"Were either of these women married?"
"One of them."
"Did you nave any conversation with
her about a wine card?"
Objection was made, and the question
was withdrawn.
"Did you know the Baroness von
Schroeder?"
"I did."
. "Were either of the women at theee
wine parties the Baroness?"
"They were not."
Wine Glasses Too Small.
"On one occasion I saw the young Baron
crawling out of a window In the presence
of the Baron and the women. I often
found broken dishes on the walk back of
the clubhouse, where they had been
thrown over the roof."'
"When'dld you usually see him?"
"Oft^n-from 12 o'clock on until 2 and 3
or 4 o'clock In the morning."
"Were women frequently in the club
houj-e?"
"Ves."
"Did you see the Baron in their com
pany occasionally?"
"I did."
"\Vhat would they be doing?"
"They would be drinking together.
Sometimes the women would drink more
than they could stand." -
"How about the Baron?"
"Well, he would, too;, in other words,
they would all be drunk together."
"Were dishes ever broken?"
"Yes; often dl6hes were thrown around
and smashed to smithereens. Occasion
ally • tablecloths * were pulled off with
dlsnes and all and the dishes broken upon
the floor." «
"Do you remember an incident about a
window?:* ¦ . ¦ ;
Bernard Peters was called to the stand.
He had been a waiter at the Hotel Rafael
during the months from May to Septem
ber, 1S9S, being employed In the club
house, which contains the hotel barroom,
billiard-rooms, cardrooms and a lunch
room. Witness described the location of
these rooms and a broad veranda with
chairs for guests. >
"Were you acquainted with Baron von
Schroeder?"
"I was."
Walter Tells of the Baron's
Wine Parties in the ;
Clubhouse.
CHAMPAGNE IN
BEER
I notice also In the answer an allegation to
the effect that the- plaintiff went with' guestH
cf the hotel to resorts near the town and re
turr.ed ¦ to . the hotel with a party In an Intoxi
cated condition. Probably, testimony of that
chc raeter would be admissible also.
Under "this ruling" defendant's counsel
again sought to secure from Perkins tes
timony, as to what happened at jPastorl'^.
Dclmaa asked: ., • . . ' - •
"Did "you see plaintiff at Pastori's con
duct himself toward a'woman In- an ob
jectionable manner, said woman being a
guest Qf the hotel?" ' —
•Objection was made and sustained and
the witness was. dismissed. > •• : ¦ ¦' .
The court announced before adjournment Its
rulings on the" question asked of Witness Per
klns.~ Ha vlng : In : mind the * particular question
that was asked the witness at the making of
the rule, there may be some misconception as
to the extent of the ruling- of the court. It
was intended by the court at this time simply
to hold that testimony of specific acts of Im
propriety occurring .beyond the limits of the
Hotel Rafael would . not. In the Judgment of
the court,: be admissible, standing by them
selves. I h«ve noticed that In the alleged 11
belous.artlclo there is one charge that he was
wked to fiesist and respect the feelings of the
men and women who could not be Justly asked
to submit without" protest to Insult. I am In
clined to think that probably te6tlmony*of spe
cific ac^s going to support that allegation, al
though occurring beyond ¦ the hotel, might be
admissible* ¦ '
complaint was published, and .that alle
gations as to what took place at Pastori's
were not included either In the article or
In the answer, and hence testimony as to
conduct at that place was not admissible.
The .court, however, reserved its formal
ruling until after the noon recess.
At 1:45 o'clock, when the' court recon
vened. Judpe Angellotti said:
Not a letter was read during the day
that did not contain a charge more' or
less shocking in its nature against the
plaintiff." To every charge Smith entered
an emphatic denial. To-day Mrs. Smith
will open the cross-examination. ¦ This
scene between husband and wife. promises
at least to be dramatic.
too scientific to look well In print, read:
To-day I return to school, but before going
I feel It is my unpleasant duty to glv*. you.
advice ¦ for your 1 * welfare. I suppose that you
realize the fact of my being nearly 17 years
old and almost full grown • • • Would you
like to see your son sneak Into the den at Z1S
Powell street and commit the crimes. • . • ¦ •
1 now fully understand the enormity of your
crime and the disgrace of the name you have
handed down to me. My very blood bolls when
I realize that I am Four son and -that your
blood flows through my veins. • • • Your
face bears the traces of excesses. • • • Take
a son's advice and don't. I ¦ pray,-, force me to
forswear the name which I hope and wish to
make a proud one. ¦ ¦ • " You are too old a
man to pet so excited over a mere boxing bout
at the Olympic last Friday night I would
like to see my father dignified and more la
keeping with his age.
Maguire made the argument for plain
tiff and Delmas relied for defendant,
holding that testimony relative to scan
dalous conduct, of the Baron and his
friends that injured the good name of the
hotel was admissible, even if the acts re
lated occurred away from the hotel and
its Immediate vicinity. The question, was
argued at length, and at its close Judge
Angellotti said that in his Judgment such
testimony was not admissible within the
pleadings. The answer of defendant ad
mitted that the article referred to in the
Magulre objected, and the Jury -was ex
cused while argument on the point at
issue should be heard.
Frank I*. Perkins was recalled and de
fendant's counsel asked: "What did you
see at Pastori's?"
Mr. Magulre— I don't know that that Is ma
terial at all. The fact Is that whatever the
lease was It was duly released by the proper
Turtles on the 25th Of October, 1S99. ¦•
The Court— Well, will you admit .that the
lrase was executed by any particular parties.
Judge?
Mr. MaRulre— I don't know anything about
that. I nave never examined It and I don't
care to admit that.
The Court— If It Is material you will have to
get the lease. . . ,
Mr. Preston— That is all.
The Court— That Is all. gentlemen.
COURT'S RULING
UPON 'EVIDENCE
Certain Testimony as to Miscon
duct Away From Hotel
Admissible.
Mr. Preston— Well,- It was through the plain
tiff. Von Schroeder,' that the release was exe
cuted. I don't care Just about the technical
form of It.
Mr. Oallagher (Interrupting)— If It Is admit
ted that It was released that Include* of course
• legal release by whoever made the original
rt lease. We ar« willing to admit that, by the
parties to the lease. . • . . ¦¦¦¦¦¦
The Court— Have you the original lease, gen
tlrmen?
Mr. Preston— It is admitted In this case thnt
the release of General Warfleld as the lessee
of the Hotel Rafael was executed on October
13. 1899, and that they left a few days there
after. ' •¦
Mr. Magulre— That the Warflelds left within
a few days thereafter?
Mr.' Preston— That the Warflelds left within
a few days thereafter. Their lease was termi
nated on that day. the 2;th of October. 1899.
Mr. Delmas suggests, executed by whom? By
Mr. Warfleld on one side
Mr. Preston— You were proceeding to state !n
your testimony why you did not ask General
Worneld for the date of the communication
from Mr. Dean, when you were interrupted?
Mr. Gallagher— I don't remember the witness
proceeding with that.
The Court— I don't remember that he was.
A.— Not that 1 know of..
The Court— Well, he says. "Not that I know
of." any way. /
Mr. Magulr~-That Is 611.
Question of Dates. ' . \ •
Q.— I nm talking about that conversation at
which you and Mr. Spreckels and Mr. Warfleld
were i resent?
A.— No, I have no recollection of his saying
that. ' ¦
Q.— Did he at any time tell you? ,
Mr. Preston— I object to "at any time." That
Is Irrelevant.
A.— No; but I know what the Impression was
that wa> made on me. There was no date given.
Q.—l did not ask for the Impression. I askej
you —
The Court (Interrupting)— Never mind about
the (regression.
Mr. Ma^ulre— I asked you If he stated when?
A.— I did not ask him for any date.
Q.— Did he net state that it was after the
publication of The Call article. October 25. 1899?
A.— He did not. .
Q.— Did Mr. Warfield tell you that Mr. Dean
went back to the hotel after having made that
Matcment to him, and after the publication of
The Call article? \
A.— He did not tell me that. The question was
not asked. -
No Causa for Retraction.
The Court — The same objection, do 1 under
stand?
Mr. Magulre — The same objection.
The Court— The same ruling and exception.
(By direction the reporter then read tne re
mainder r.t the question.)
.. Mr. Magulre — The same objection.
The Court — The came ruling. • •'-¦%,:,"
Mr. Magulre— Exception. • •.-• .
• A.-N«. ¦ • ' . , '
Mr. Preston— Your answer Is No?
A.-Yer. sir.
Mr. Preston— That la all. . '•
Mr. Ma&ulre— I want to ask you> What did
Mr. Warfield say about the letter to Miss Hath
erway. a* to the date, or the date at which she
received It? ¦ - ••-.'•' . •
A.— He did not give any date that I know of.
I don't think he was asked any question about
that. ' : • .
Q.— Did he or did ha not state that It was
after the publication In The Call, after ¦ the
25th of October. 1S99?
A.— I don't think that question was asked ana
I don't think he stated anything from which I
could judge whether It was before or after.
Q.— Did he state when It was that Mr. Dean
had told him that he knew of half a Cozen
people who would net go to the Hotel Raft el.
and that if he knew of half a dozen who could
tell how many more there were, or something
to that effect? DM he tell you when Mr. Dean
had made that statement to him?
The Court— The objection it overruled.
Mr. Magrulre— Note an exception. . •'. ,
A. — There seemed to be three questions in
there. '
Mr. Preston— Well, answer them seriatim, if
you can.
A.— I want to answer it Intelligibly, and I
would like to have you, read one part at a
time; I don't want to be misled.
Mr. Gallagher — Inasmuch as the witness de
sires it done In that way 1 will object that
there are three questions Involved and If
should be temjeated. ¦ >
The Court— Well, I will require you to segre
rate It. -
Mr. Preston— Read the first part of that ques
tion. " ¦ f
(By direction the reporter read the question
down to and Including the words "Von ischroe
der.")
Mr. Magulre — We make the same objection
and the objection Is overruled and the excep
tion noted?
A.— I felt that I had not done him any In
justice—
The Court— Answer yes or no.
A.— No.
<Uy direction the reporter read the second
part of the question from the word "Von
Schroeder" to the words "in this case.")
A.-No.
seating of the party and said another!
couple was coming. She said for me- to
dlrect them to follow to Fairfax ana th»
Baron said to Pastort'a. The other couple
soon came out of the hotel ground3."'
"Who was the man?"
"The Baron Alexis."
"What became of that couple?"
•They walked baclc Into the hotel
grounds.'*
"When did you next aee ths party"
"They came In about 1 o'clock. In one
of the rigs, but the Baron was not with
the party."
"When did you next see Baron von
Schroeder?"
"About 3 o'clock in ths mornlngr. on
Petaluma a.venue. He was In a rig with
his brother." - _
"When did you see the Baron laat that
morning?" . ,
"He left the rig and entered the hotel
grounds by a side entrance."
"Did you see the bride again that morn
ing?"
"Tea, with her sister. She was taken to
the hotel."
"What was her apparent condition T
"She was drunk."
"What Is the nature of Pastori's?**
"A roadside house, where liquor Is sold
and fine dinners served — the finest in the
land." V
At this point the court adjourned until
10:15 o'clock this morning.
BARON'S ESCAPADES ARE EXPLOITED IN COURT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL;- WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 19, 1900.
Continued From FirBt Page.
Stops | the ; Cough
Ana works off the Cold. Laxative Bromo-
Quinine Tablets cure a ; cold in • one day. No
Cure, No Par. Price SS cents, •¦¦*.?•.<>:*•.'¦ -, •
Institute of Art.
The Philological . Association of the , Pa
cific Coast will hold its recond annual ses
sion at the -Mark Hopkins Institute of
Art. California and Mason streets, San
Francisco, on Fridays and' Saturday, De
cember 23-29. A number of scholars from
the University of California, the Leland
Stanford Junior* University and the Uni
versity of Oregon will deliver addresses.
At the opening session at 10:30 o'clock
on Friday morning, December 28. after a
report from the secretary and treasurer.
Professor John E. Matzke, ; and the ap
pointment of - committees, papers, limited
in length to, twenty •¦ minutes, will be read
and discussed as follows: ¦ Prof essor AI.
B. Anderson, Stanford, "Some Notes on
the Respective Functions of Prose and
Verse in Shakespeare's Plays";. Dr. H. 0.
Nuttlngr. California. "The History of the
Contrary to Fact Construction In Latin":
Professor K. G. Rendtorff, Stanford,,!. "A
Problem of Modern German Syntax," and
Professor C. M.*; Gayley, California.
"Fresh Light on Facts and Dates In, the
Life of Robert Greene." ;. •.-..,., . -
WILL MEET AGAIN
TO DISCUSS PHTXOIXJQY
Eminent Scholars Flan an Interesting
Meeting at Mark Hopkins
A letter, written by.Armond, the son of
the litigants— a letter resplendent with
the lad'e knowledge of matters amatory,
which he said he had gained at lectures
plvFn from time to time to the class of
youngsters- of which • he was a member,
was also read on behalf of the plaintiff.
It is alleged by Mr. Smith that this letter
was prompted if not dictated by Mrs.
Smith. - A- few of ¦ the off erings of advice
from the son to the father, omitting those
¦- "We 'contend that the word 1» mur
der." said Walker. "We contend that this
plaintiff has been charged with murder
by his wife." and into the record it went,
that, together- with nearly; all the other
crimes known to man. Smith had been
charged by his wife with murder. t
you. • • • I venture to say that in San
Francisco no sane man of your age would
dress in such a suit as you appeared In
last Sabbath. 1 suppose you shaved your
face In order to have it correspond with
your boyish set-up. •• • • "iou must
procure a divorce trom me. your wife,
and on the proper grounds, or else i
charge you at once to foreake four pres
ent companions In vice, or I. yflur lawful
wife, will hold you responsible personally
for the degrading insult offered to me
and our son and to the sacred relation
ship I bear to you."
Smith, in response to the question of his
attcrney. Foshay Walker, said that he
deduced from the statement "will hold
vou responsible personally," that his wife
intended to do him violence.
Other extracts from the letters read:
"If you, my husband, were not already a
thief, the meanest kind of a thief. • • •
The race track and the Maison Tortoni
are your haunts, and at both places you
squander the money o.f the railroad com
pany. • • • Your ur.cle. N." T. Smith,
thought that after I was compelled to
separate from you that I. would turn to
him with admiring eyes, but I never
looked upon him an anything more than
my husband's uncle. • • • Thank God.
our son has grown up a strong:, fine fel
low, and if he laid his strone young
hands on that old scoundrel there would
not be much left cf him. • • • If you
do not prove the truth of your charges
spainst me I will kill you. • • • I will
yield up my life for my. good name.
• • • I am flKhtinR you. not the world."
"I will tell C. P. Huntlngton you are a
thief." she wrote In one letter, "and I
will prove It. If you bother me any more
I will tell all about the Cliff Housed — "
"Murder Is the last word, the Cliff
Hou.«e murder." atfded Attorney Walker.
- "No,- he hasn't as -yet committed a mur
der." responded Mrs. Smith, tartly. >.
The letter was handed to Judge Dain
gerfield. "It looks like murder. I guess
it is murder." said the court.
"Well, there was no murder, pleaded
Mrs. Smith. "There was no murder. Let
it bo out."
2
STATEMENT
OF THE —
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
— O7 THE
CONNECTICUT MUTUAL
LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HARTFORD. IX THE STATE OP" COX-
nectlcut. en the 31st day of December. A.
D. 1833. and for the year ending on that day.
ocade to the Insurance Commissioner of th*
Stata of California, pursuant to the require-
ments of Section <13 of tiia Political Cods of
«&ld State.
ASSETS.
Net value of Real Estate owned by
the Company .'. H1.811.3S7 X)
Amount of Loans secured by Bond
and Mortsare en Real Estate — 15,133.?;; -;i
Atrount of Loans secured by pledg-s
of Bonds. Stocks or other market-
able securities ss collateral 2.t:o M
Premium notes and loans In any
form taken in payment of pre-
miums on policies now In force — S23.H$ 21
Cash market value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by the Company S3.731.W* M
Amount of Cash deposited In Backs 854. ¥17 *3
Interest due and accrued. 9*3.771 Zi
Rents due and accrued l«.$06 :j
Net amount of premiums In process
of collection and cf deferred pre-
miums SZS.XS 11
Total Assets - S44.&S3.U9 It
LIABILITIES. ~~
Claims for death losses and matured
endowments, due and unpaid ft -" >
Claims for death losses and matured
endowments m process of adjust-
ment, cr adjusted but net due.... Jtf.!2.» <*)
Claims resisted by the Company. ... «,*2 O
Net present value of all the out-
standing policte*. computed ac-
cording to the Combined Experi-
ence Tables of .Mortality, with
four per cent Interest 53,GS,Si3 »
Amount of all unpaid dividends to
policy holders SSS.9ST ?¦!
All other liabilities ...._ . X&.lM M
Total Liabilities _$:7.r3.::tt n
INCOME. '
Cash received for premiums on new
roUC.es during the year J33.m 12
Casa recelTed for renewal of pre-
miums during the year «.531.J73 n
Cash received for sale of annuities. 11512 5>
Cash received for interest !.CS.r*. M
Cash received for renta IS
Caab receive*! from all other sources v .:.::«
Total Income S8.C07.i57 II
EXPENDITURES.
Cash paid for losses and matured
endowments • M.3S.r>7 Ct
Cash paid to annuitants ;"'t S3
Cash paid for surrendered policies.. SH.X7 ti
Cish paid for dltidends to policy
hold*r» t -SH'Hl fv
Commissions paid to ajrsnts »la..C3 01
Salaries and oilier compensation of
efflcers and employes, except
agents and medical examiners.... UJ.i'1 v>
Salaries kad travella* expenses of
managers of agencies X3.K* *i
Medical examiners' fee. and .alar-
Cain ii^i^^"-'-''-''-- : ' ::: " *^ «
slona *»yu «»»
Total Expenditures tote* th.
Jt * r " JACOB* KTaUODWi President
TrrnBERT H. WHITE. Secretary.
Subserved «nd «w<-m to before me. tH» USt
«*y cf r^TJgkPg PECK. Xotarr Public
A. K. P. HARMON,
DISTRICT SUPERINTENDENT.
Pacific Coast Agencies.
F. R.NOYES, General Agent,
Rooms 30-31-32 MILLS BUILDISa,
8A2* FRANCESCO. CAI»
ALL RIGHT IN BISCUITS
But a Poor Medicine.
Common soda Is all right In Its place
and indispensible In the kitchen and for
cooking and washing purposes, but soda
was never intended for medicine, and peo-
ple who use It as such will some day
regret It.
The common use of soda to relieve heart-
burn and sour stomach Is a habit which
thousands of people practice almost dally,
and one which is fraught with danger.
Soda gives only temporary relief, and In
the end the stomach trouble gets worse
and worse.
The soda acts as a mechanical Irritant
to the walls of the stomach I and bowels,
and cases are on record where It accumu-
lates In the Intestines, causing death by
Inflammation or peritonitis.
Dr. Uarlandson recommends as the
safest and surest cure for sour stomach
(acid dyspepsia) the daily use after meals
of an excellent preparation, sold by
druggists under the name of Stuarts
Dyspepsia Tablets. These tablets are
largre 20-srrain lozenges, pleasant to the
taste and containing natural peptones
and di^eatlve elements necessary to {rood
digestion, and which all weak stomachs
lack.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets used regu-
larly after meals digest the food prompt-
ly and thoroughly before it has time to
ferment, sour and poison the blood and
nervous system. na
Dr. Wuerth state- that he Invariably
uses and recommends Stuart's Dy*ix ? ~>aii
Tablets In all forms of stomach derSSS
ment, and finds them a certain curenot
only for «our stomach, but by causin*
prompt digestion of the food they crlit!
a healthy appetite. Increase flesh and
strengthen the action of the heart and
They are. not a cathartic and contain no
violent drug, but are Intended only fo?
stomach diseases and faulty digestion an*
generally acknowledged to be the m^
reliable cure for any stomach trouble!
except cancer of the stomach. -"«•.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets, now enjoy
an International reputation and popular,
lty. and are sold by druggists everywhere
in the United States, Canada andOrSa!
Britain. urw
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
B. KATSCHINSKI,
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.
tO Third St. Son Francisco.
Cheaper Than Ever,
CROCHET SLIPPERS
HAND KXITTED CROCHET
SLIPPERS, with fieece lined aolea.
Ladies' sizes. 3 to S. In Black or
Red 80o
Misses' slses. 11 to 2. In Red TOo
Chillis' sizes. 8 to 10. in Red «iu-
Infanta' sizes, S to T, In Red 30c
l^^CvQj^&n^flB^S^Mk^Rfi^aT'^f^^^QBflBfc
MEN'S EMBROIDERED EVERETT
OR OPERA SUPPERS with patent
leather trimming, reduced to 75c.
Black Satin Quilted.
MISSES' and CHILDREN'S BLAC7C
QUILTED SATIN. FUR TRIMMED
JULIETS, with spring heels.
Infanta' sizes, t to 9.... BSn
Chilav <lz^i. «14 ro u -7Zbn
Misses' sizes. 11& to 2 SOe
:
SHOE ORDERS— If you deslr* to
make a present and do not know the
•lze. buy a shoe order.
Country order* solicited.
PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO.
10 THIRD ST. San Francisco.NEW YORK, Dee. 18.— Th» regular
grand opera season In this city opened
to-nlght with the production" In French
by the Maurice Grau Opera Company of
"Romeo . et Juliette." with Melba, Saleza
and Edouard de Reazke.
The Metropolitan Opera-house was
crowded. s with representatives of wealth,
fashion and beauty; the audience equaling
If not exceeding any flrat-niffht grand
opera event seen In many, years. .
Grand Opera in? New. York.
WOODLAND, Dec. 18.— The contested elec
tion case of Nelson vs. Vaughn, involving the
title to the office of Supervisor of the Fourth
District.'- was called in the Superior Court yes
terday, and with the consent of both parties
the trial . was set for January 15. Judge Gray
of Butte* County, will hear the contest
SUISUN, Dec. 18. — The election contest of j
H. Elmquest, Republican, vs. D. M. Fleming,
Democrat, for the office of Supervisor In the
First District of Solano County has been de
cided in the Superior Court here in favor of
Fleming. The recount of the votes resulted as
follows: Fleming- 630, Klmquest 622.
SAN DIEGO. Dec. 18.— Tho -German- ship
AlRterkamp, Captain Jansen. arrived this
morning- after an .uneventful voyage of 125 days
from Antwerp, with all well on board. She
brings a cargo of cement and after discharg
ing will go to Portland to load wheat for the
United - Kir-zdom.
WOODIjAND, Dec. 18.— Mrs. Elminu Clark
and Bon, Lee Clark, arrived from Texas to-day.
The latter was in Galveston during the terrible
disaster and was one of the few who escaped
uninjured. In the published reports at first
sent out it was stated that he was one of the
killed. •
WOODLAND, Dec. 18.— Two empty freight
car» were derailed and two more wrecked whlit
the trainmen were switching: south of Woodland
yesterday afternoon. The accident caused a
short delay of pa?san«er trains.
COAST BREVITIES.
1 Some Time. ¦ ¦
SAN JOSE, Dec. 18.— The threatened
shake-up In the San Jose Fire Depart
ment materialized In part at the meeting
of the Fire Commissioners this evening.
For some time there has been dissatis
faction in the department and disorder
has prevailed. This is believed to be but
the beginning of the changes.
. Charles Brodie. captain of Eureka Hose
Company, was appointed assistant chief
of the tire department, and J. F. Moore,
who has neld the position for years, was
reduced to an extraman. John Russell,
driver of Empire Hose, charged with mis
conduct, resigned, and Frank Boranda
was given his place. I>an . . Hayes was
elected captain of Eureka Hose, and Will
iam Basse, captain of Franklin Company,
in place of J. A. Wilmer, who was re
duced to an extraman. Chaxles WaJther
and D. R. Knowles were elected extra
men. The. charges of misconduct against
Al Hogan, captain of the chemical en
gine,-were continued.
Numerous Changes Due to Disorder
That Has Prevailed for
SHAKE-UP IN THE SAN
JOSE FIRE DEPARTMENT
Forger Pleads Guilty and Gets Six
Years' Imprisonment.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 18.— Roy J. Smith,
alias C. M." Myers, was brought here from
Stockton this morning for uttering a
forged check to a Sacramento firm and
defrauding C. Rodonl, who Indorsed it,
out of $122. Smith pleaded guilty and was
sentenced by Judge Hughes this ! after
noon to six years' imprisonment at Fol
som.
Smith was caught in Stockton at the
residence of his sweetheart. Miss Ella
Meyers, to whom he was to have been
married yesterday, the detectives taking
him in charge while he was arranging the
details of the event with his bride to be.
Instead of embarking on a honeymoon
trip to-day, however. Smith is preparing
for a six years" sojourn at the Folsom
rock pile. Smith committed a similar for
gery at San Jose.
Censures the Jurors.
WOODLAND, Dec. 18.— Fountain Clark,
convicted . of assault upon a woman, was
sentenced by Judge Gaddis lo-day to pay
a fine of $360, with the : alternative^ go
ing to Jail for ninety days.-- He paid the
fine. JUUdge Gaddis censured the Jury for
the mildness of - the verdict and declared
it to be an Injustice to send one man to
the penitentiary and allow another to es
cape with a light punishment when both
v/ere guilty of the same offense. ¦ William
Keith, convicted ¦ on tho same testimony,
will i not be sentenced until next Monday.
His counsel will ask for a new trial.
Murders His Sweetheart.
V .- SEATTLE,'- Dec. ' 18.— Ellsha ¦ B." Francis,
colored, : a young ' coal miner,* on' Sunday
night shot and. instantly killed his sweet
heart," Lola Jones, '.also colored, at New-'
castle, a mining town twenty miles from
here. ¦• He ¦ was drunk and jealous. He is
now In jail here. awaiting trial." .
Search.
PORTLAND, Or., Dec. 18.— Kidnappers
stele five-year-old John Ditchburn, son
of Lawyer John Ditchburn, yesterday,
and after an exciting search, in which
both relatives and the police participated,
the little boy was located in a farmhouse
near Llnnton, about ten miles below this
city. ' ¦> '
Chester Van Hoy, 16 years. old, a recent
arrival from Spokane, was arrested later
In the day charged with kidnaping, and
was locked up at the police station. The
kidnapers offered to give up*, the boy for
money, and if no money was forthcoming
they threatened to take him away on a
cruise.
At 7:30 o'clock last night Chester Van
Hoy called upon Mr.. and Mrs. Ditchburn
and, presenting a letter, said:
"I was told to wait for an ansVer."
"Who are you?" he was asked.
"I am a messenger boy," was the re
ply.
The letter was written in pencil and de
manded $75 - for the return of the boy.
Mrs. Ditchburn had Van Hoy seized and
detained. Late last night a farmer named
McDonald, living near Llnnton, tele
phoned to Chief of Police McLaughlin
that a stranger, with a team had left a
boy In his care and' requested that he be
kept till morning. jOn learning the child's
name was Ditchburn McLaughlin asked
the fanner to hold him.
> -
SMITH GOES TO FOLSOM.
Held for Ransom at a Farmhouse and
Found After an Exciting
PORTLAND ATTORNEY'S
2JITTLE BOY KIDNAPED
TACOMA. Dec. 18.— The British eteamer
GtadodW cleared to-day for Europe via the
Fufz canal. Her canco consist* of 221,168 bush
f Is of wheat, valued at 1127.000, one of the
largest cargoes taken from Tacoma this year.
. Objects to the Proposed
Distribution.
PEtXLUMA, Dec. 18.— The big estate
left by the late William Pettis Hinshaw,
the Sonoma County capitalist: and ranch
er, seems destined to become involved In
litigation. Mr. Hinshaw left no will' ana'
the courts were making preparations • to
distribute the estate to his heirs In the
usual ratio, in accord with • nearness : - of
kin; Now a brother of the deceased, ex-
Senator E. C. Hinshaw, comes forward
with a demand for a - different distribu
tion, advancing- rather novel grounds. - .
When "W. P. , Hinshaw ; was married, it
is claimed, he was possessed of $20,000 In
money and had landed property, and this
sum formed the nucleus of . his : vast es
tate of $300,000. Ex-Senator Hinshaw
says the estate was enlarged '•' and-, in
creased ;• to its present dimensions
through, the. proper handling of the orig-
Jnal sura, and that this ; portion; of the
estate is not subject to the usual dlvl-'
8lon by which the widow would get the
larger share T -
PROBABLE MTIGATION
OVEE HINSHAW ESTATE
Brother of the Late Sonoma Capitalist
MASKED MAN RAIDS
SPOKANE FABO BOOMS
Walks Off With the Bank Roll, but
Is Captured and the Money
Recovered.
SPOKANE, Dec. 18.— Tom Murphy held
up the Warwick gambling rooms, the
swellest resort In the city, at 1 o'clock
this morning and obtained $700. He was
captured with the money within half an
hour. The robber's face was covered by
a black mask. Few people were in the
gambling rooms at the time. Gun In
hand. Murphy calmjy proceeded to the
faro table and demanded, the bank roll.
The demand was enforced by the point-
Ing of the revolver at the dealer. The
latter passed over the coin, which the
intruder scooped into his pocket. Next
he visited in turn the roulette and stud
poker tables. Throughout he was quiet
and businesslike.
After obtaining the money. Murphy said
good-night pleasantly to the crowd, step
ped out of the door, ran down the back
stairs and disappeared into a dark alley.
The police captured him after a lively
chase. He was pressed so hard, that -he
was unable to dispose of any of the
money, all of which was recovered. '
luma — at least plans are working to that
end between manufacturers of San Fran*
cisco and the Board of Trade of this
city. B. L. Ryder, vice president and
manager of the California Automobile
Company, with J offices located at 222
Sansome street. San Francisco, visited
Petaluma to-day and at a meeting of the
Board of Trade discussed plans for the
location of a plant here for the manu
facture of automobiles.
The company, according to Manager
Ryder, carries a capital of $150,000, and
was only recently organized by city cap
italists. A large number of orders make
it Imperative to find a location for the
works at once. The plant would cove^
about three acres, including a speed track
for the machines. This site the automo
bile company asks as a bonus from 'the
city.
The plant •would employ 150 operatives,
most of them skilled mechanics.
San Francisco Company Submits a
Proposition to the Board.
of Trade.
PETALUMA, Dec. 18.— A big automo
bile factory is about to locate at Peta-
PETALUMA MAY GET
AUTOMOBILE FACTORY
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. .18.— T. B. Dodson,
whese home is in San Diego, where he
has a wife and children, was arrested in
this city , to-day. The complaining wit
ness is Benjamin Biddle, also of San
Diego, with whose eighteen-year-old
daughter Dodson is alleged to have
eloped. Dodson was arrested in his room
at a house where he and the girl ! have
been living together for several weeks.
She was present when he was apprehended
and clung to him until it was necessary
for the officers to use force to separate
them. Then she, went into violent hys
terics.
Biddle, the father of the girl, says Dod
son left San Diego with his daughter
about a month ago, leaving his family
destitute. The resources of the San
Diego police were enlisted and through
correspondence with the local authorities
the couple were located here. Biddle fol
lowed and to a complaint. For
several days the officers have been watch
ing for Dodson and finally he was seen
and followed to his room.
Biddle declares he will prosecute Dodson
to the full extent of the law. The girl
Is being- cared for at the home of a rela
tive in this city.
Married Man Runs Away With 'Eight
een-Year-Old Girl and Is Cap
tured by Los Angeles
Officers.
ELOPING COUPLE
FROM SAN DIEGO
COMES TO GRIEF
Sp«cla! Dispatch to The Call.
PETALUMA, Dec. 18.— Mrs. A. H.
Blackburn underwent a novel operation
yesterday at the German Hospital In San
Francisco. It was the removal of a rib.
Mrs. Blackburn had suffered distressing
pains In her right shoulder for some
time and finally the lady went to the
hospital for an X-ray examination. There
was found located adjoining and above
tho regular set of ribs an extra rib firm
ly attached to the breast and back bones
and perfectly formed except for an un
natural growth near the center. This
growth pressed upon Internal organs and
caused the pain.
In the operation yesterday the abnor
mal growth was removed by the sur
geons and Mrs. Blackburn is now doing
nicely. Three Inches of bone matter was
removed In the operation.
Mrs. A. H. Blackburn of Petaluma
Undergoes a Novel Operation,
in a San Francisco
Hospital.
SURGEONS REMOVE
EXTRA RIB FROM
A WOMAN'S SIDE
SACRAMENTO, Dec. IS.— Rev, C. B.
Riddick of Oakland was elected
superintendent of the Preston
School of Industry at a meeting of
the trustees held here to-day. For
some weeks tHe resignation of D.
S. Hirschberg has been before the trus
tees, but at their request he remained
at the post of superintendent until Gov-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 18.— Lum Ah
Tang, a convict cook employed in the
kitchen of Commissary Fitzgerald at Fol
som/prison, escaped last night, after hav
ing-, dressed himseir'in Fitzgerald's . Sun
day clothing, fedora hat. and shimmering
patent leather shoes.. Deputy . Sheriff
Schmilk, who had been at. the prison on
business, returned . to Sacramento to-day
on the train from Placervllle, and inci
dentally spoke to Conductor Lucas of
the escape of the Chinese. The conductor
recalled the fact that while the train was
passing a station a few miles above Fol
som a Chinese in "swell' attire nagged it
and then, alighted before Folsom was
reached.
Schmilk got off the irain at the first
stopping place and telephoned Warden
Wilkinson what Conductor Lucas had
seen. Two of the prison guards happened
to be in Folsom, and the Warden told
them over the wire to hunt for the es
cape. They discovered Lum Ah Tang,
dressed in the commissary's best, in the
act of entering a house In Chinatown.
He wa3 brought back to the prison and
his credits will be taken away. The
Chinese was serving a two years' term
from Solano County for assault with a
deadly weapon. .
Lum Ah Tang Poses as a Swell for a
Time but His Fine Apparel
Brings About His Re
capture, ..
CHINESE CONVICT
ESCAPES IN FOLSOM
OFFICIAL'S CLOTHING
ernor Gage could be consulted with refer
ence to his choice, which, as was first
announced in the Call, was Dr. Riddick
of Oakland, an ordained clergyman. It
is probable that Dr. Riddick would have
been chosen a month ago but for the ab
sence of the Governor and a desire on
the part of certain of the trustees to meet
the candidate for whom they were ex
pected to vote.
The trustees, at to-day's session passed
resolutions declaring their faith in Mr.
Hirschberg. and speaking in high terms
of his character as a gentleman and offi
cial. While Hhschberg had said long ago
that he intended giving up the place,
the reason for his resignation was the un
pleasant scandal In which the school had
become involved some months ago be
cause of the misconduct of certain Incor
rigible young inmates.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 18.— The engagement
of Miss Lottie Evelyn Theuerkauf and Or
lando L. Stevens, the professional bicy
clist of Ottumwa, Iowa, has been an
nounced, the wedding being set for Mon
day. December 24. Mies Theuerkauf is the
daughter of G. W. Theuerkauf. the local
capitalist, and is one of the most popular
young ladies of the Garden City, Stevens
has been riding on the Eastern bicycle
circuits for several years, and he and
Floyd McFarland formed the most suc
cespful team of the past two years. The
wedding will be celebrated at the bride's
home.
Xearly one hundred witnesses have been
subpenaed. Their testimony deals most
ly with the character of the parties to
the action. The prosecution has not yet
completed its case.
ORLANDO STEVENS TO WED.
Lovejoy was arrested In Oregon and
brought back to answer to the charge,
preferred by Miss Waterhouse. He was
immediately released on bail.
SAN JOSE, Dec. IS.— The preliminary
examination of Percy Lovejoy on the
charge of wronging Ethel Waterhouse
under promise of marriage is being heard
in Justice Rosenthal's court behind closed
doors. Both of the young persons are
members of prominent families of Moun
tain View, and the charge is being vigor
ously fought by the friends and relatives
of Lovejoy.
to Keep a Promise to Wed
Ethel Waterhou.se.
Percy Lovejoy Charged With Failure
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 18.— The will of
Benjamin R. Crocker, which was riled for
probate yesterday, was executed in Ban
Francisco in 3S76, with the late Charles
Crocker and VC\ E. Brown as witnesses.
By Its terms the estate, valued *t $500,000,
is left to the wife, Mary Crocker, but,
f-he having died more than a year ago,
the property goes to Mr. Crocker's ht.rs
at law. Of these there are six brothers
and sisters, a half sister, the children' of
two deceased half brothers and the chil
dren of a deceased half sister. Most of
the relatives reside In the East, although
a brother, Calvin Crocker, and a sister,
Mrs. G. L. Simmons, are residents of Sac
ramento, while another sister, Mrs. Alice
Evarts. resides at the Plymouth Hotel,
San Francisco.
Benjamin R. Crocker was the working
manager of the famous Contract and
Finance Company when W. E. Brown was
secretary thereof. The death of Mr.
Crocker in Sacramento and that of Mr.
Brown In San Francisco occurred only
six hours apart.
TRIAL THAT INTERESTS
ALL MOUNTAIN VIEW
Heirs Who Will Share the Estate of
the Late Capitalist.
BENJAMIN CROCKER'S WILL.
Special Dispatch to The Call.'
INDUSTRIAL SCHOOL STRUCTURE AT IONE AND THE REV. C. B. RIDDICK OF OAKLAND, WHO HAS BEEN
NAMED AS THE SUCCESSOR OF SUPERINTENDENT HIRSCHBERG. THE LATTER'S RESIGNATION WAS
FILED AS THE RESULT OF A SCANDAL INVOLVING THE REFORM SCHOOL.
LOS ANGELES. Dec. 18.— Among the
interesting lectures and papers presented
at to-day's session of the Los Angelet
County Teachers' Institute were the fol
lowing: "Personality In Teaching. Q.
W. Wadsworth. Occidental College; Iml;
tation and Organization of Knowledge
and "The Art of Teaching. 'Elmer E.
Brown, State University: "Expansion
Ancient and Modern." and "The Lnlty of
History." Kendrlck C. Babcock. Univer
slty of California; "Technical Grammar
and "The Novel and Its Relation to Other
Forms of. Art." C. B. Bradley. Lnlyersity
of Calif orna: "Manual Training. Miss
Edna Rich. Santa Barbara: "History and
Civics," Miss Eaves, Stanford, and TU»
Training of the Imagination." Kat« L.
Bassett.
Topics Before the Teachers.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 13.— The City Board erf
Education Is determined that all children
of the requisite age shall attend school.
Of late manV children of the lower dasse.
have refused to attend and the parents
have not compelled them to. At a meet-
Ing of the board to-night James Devitt
was appointed truant officer. HJa salary
was fixed at |90 a month. His duties will
be to see that ail children attend school
and to visit the homes of absentees to
learn the cause of absence.
School Children.
San Josean to Bound Up Truant
"UNIQUE OmCE CREATED.
The Canadian Government announces
that the alternate sections reserved by
the Crown in hydraulic concessions in the
Klondike will be offered for sale at auc
tion, probably next January. The hy
draulic grants in the Klondike. Including
the Indian River country, number twelve
to fifteen. They are of great area. The
smallest known contains 213 acres. The
P. H. Holder concession on Indian River
contains 32,000 acres. The concession in
As a result of the strike one of the big
gest stampedes in Dawson's history has
taken place. All the ground in the neigh
borhood is now staked out, and big yields
are reported from several quarters.
A letter from Dawson. dated November
20, says: Thomas Parker, a native of LJn
colshlre, England, aged 37 years, was
frozen to death at the mouth of White
River last week. He was there with an
other man building a cabin, in which they
were to stay and chop wood for the win
ter. Parker went up tne river several
miles after some carpenter tools. ! On the
way back he fell through the river ice
and instead of stopping and building a
fire to dry himself he trudged on, and
shortly afterward fell in his tracks. He
was found before life was extinct, prob
ably two hours after he fell, bi't he was
beyond saving and died on the trail after
a few minutes. The body was taken to
Stewart.
SEATTLE. Dec. 13.— A dispatch from
Dawson, dated December 5, says: One of
the richest discoveries since the original
strike In the Klondike was made has Just
come to light. The amazing feature is
that the ground is within twenty miles of
Dawson, on a bench back of French Hill.
This district has always been considered
rich, but nothing approaching the pres
ent find has been made heretofore. . The
owners claim that a yard of pay dirt on
the new ground averaged $126 to the pan.
the ancient bed of the Stewart, frantad
to the same men, extends five miles.
In making some of the grant* the Gov
ernment made no reservation, but In *lv-
Ing others withheld the alternate sec
tions. These alternate sections are to b#
sold.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. IS.— The Socialist
Labor party and the Prohibition party
will not be entitled to a place on the
ticket at the next general election, the
Socialists having fallen fhy of the 3 per
cent of the tola! vote cast by 1400 votes,
and the Prohibitionists by 4000 votes. Un
der the law both of thrsi* parties will be
unable to have their candidates placed
¦upon the ballot by the usual convention
process. If they want to set before the
people at all they must obtain presence on
the ticket by jxHltion.
At the last election the total vote of the
State for the ea:;di<lates of the four par
ties havinjj names on the official ballot was
IXC.ZW. Three por cent of 302.3H9 Is 9071, but
the highest vote received by a candidate
on the Socialist Labor ticket was 7572. and
by a candidate on the l'rohibition ticket
50S7. .In order to get on the ticket at the
next election the Socialists will have to
get more than twice as many names as
they cast votes at the recent election,
while the Prohibitionists will be obliged
to get three times as many. .
Special Dispatch to The Call
Socialist Lrabor Party Also Must
Besort to Petition to Obtain a
* Place Upon th« Official
Ballot.
TRIFLE OVER FIVE THOUSAND
Their Vote Falls Short ol
the Requisite Three
Per Cent.
PROHIBITIONISTS
ARE FORCED OFF
STATE TICKET
Mr. Davis took an affidavit as to her
registration under the assumed name and
then returned to Geyservtile, broken
hearted over his discovery. He will at
once institute divorce proceedings. It will
be alleged in his complaint that Mrs.
Davis is new living with R Y. Forbes,
the man whose name she assumed: that
Fhe -was nr-ver the wife of Forbes, but
that the latter is the father of her only
child.
Mrs. Davis continued In the restaurant
business until June of this year. Then
the constable disposed of his meat mar
ket and. with his wife, established a large
4>oardinff-house. They prospered through
the summer months and tranquillity
marked their domestic relations. When
the summer's rush was over Mrs. Davis
expressed a wish to visit her parents and
other relatives in King City. Her hus
band provided her with transportation,
supplied all the other requisites for the
proposed trip and gave her $150 for spend
ing money. He accompanied her to the
railway station, where, at parting, the
wife gave every evidence of her devotion.
On h*r arrival in San Francisco that
evening 1 she wrote to him a letter telling
-r.f tier bb£b Journey, eloping with the
words: "God bless you. dear. 1 shall
always say that in my prayers."
Several weeks rolled by. and. having
received no further word from his wife.
Constable Davis wrote to her parents and
other relatives, and was informed by
them that she had not visited them. Then
began his search for the missing woman.
In which he vras assisted by other p»»ace
officers of this vicinity. He went to King
City, and there he was Joined by Con
stable Philips. The two proceeded to
San Luis Ob'.ppo. where they found that
Urs. .Davis had registered at the Com
mercial Hotel as Mrs. R. Y. Forbes.
Mrs. l^oraine lianiber came to t;<?3-*er
vilie in June, 1SS». and bought a restau
rant. She had one child, a pretty little
daughter. Several weeks later J. C.
Bamber appeared upon the scene, de
clared the woman im his wife and pro
ceeded to make himself at home at her
place of business. Soon stories were cir
culated of cruelty and abuse on the part
of the husband. From the time of her
arrival in Geyscrville Mrs. Bamber had
made friends, and when It became known
that she «raa being maltreated by her
husband the citizens took a hand and
caused his arrest. Womanlike. Mrs.
Bambcr allowed her sympathy to triumph
and refused to appear against htm. He
was piven his freedom, and simultaneous
ly warning was served upon him that he
leave CJeyserville Jiever to return, unless
he desired a coat of tar and feathers.
Bamber lost no time In retting away,
taking 1 with him what money his wife
happt-ned to have on hand.
Constable Davis was a boarder at Mrs.
Bamber's restaurant and was one of the
foremost in gaining for the woman pro
tection against her husband. At first he
was moved only by pity, but, as the two
grew to know each other better this
pity riponed into alTectlon. The constable
gave the proprietress of the restaurant
financial assistance and gradually the
place acquired a lucrative business. Mrs.
Bamber having obtained a divorce from
her husband, she and the constable were
married in October, XSO*J, Rev. 13. F. Bon
rif-11 performing the ceremony. What a
sacrifice Davis made in taking this step
was not known until after his return
yesterday from his fruitless quest for his
wife in the south, when the story of her
previous life, as she had told It to him,
became public.
GEYSERVIL.L.E. Dec. 1?.— Constable B.
J. Davis has returned from Monterey and
San Luis Obispo counties, vrhilher he
went on a Beach for his wife, who left his
home more than a month ago on the pre
tense that she would make an extended
visit with relatives at King City. As a
result of his inquiries he will at once file
& suit for divorce, alleging desertion.
Back of this story of a wite'm infidelity
there is a romance containing elements of
pathos— the love of a strong man, awak
ened by pity for a woman in misfortune,
only to be shattered by base ingratitude.
Ep«clal Dispatch to The Call
Leaves Her Home Presumably to
Visit Relatives and Goes to
Live With Another
Tvr>n.
MRS. LORAINE DAVIS' FLIGET
GeyserYffleConstaWe's. Dis
covery Will Lead to a
Divorce Suit.
FINS HIS WIFE
LIVING UNDER AN
ASSUMED NAME
Prospectors Make a Rich Strike of Gold on Benchfand, -Within
Twenty Miles of the Klondike Metropolis.
8pedal Dispatch to The OkXL .......
DAWSONITES STAMPEDE TO
SCENE OF NEW DISCOVERY
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 19, 1900.
Directors of the lone Reformatory Elect the Oakland Clergyman to
the Position Made Vacant by Resignation of D. S. Hirschberg.
REV. C. B. RIDDICK TO HAVE
CHARGE OF PRESTON SCHOOL
OCEAN STEAMERS.
¦ ' ROTTEIJDAM — Arrived 3 Deo lS-i-Btmr Pota.
dam, from New York, via Boulogne.:
PLYMOUTH— Arrived Doc 18— Stmr Patricia,
from New York.' for Hamburg, and proceeded.
-Sailed Deo 18— Stmr Pretoria. . from Hamburf.
for New York. - . "Mniriiiiciiini
- NEW -TORK— Arrived. Deo IS— Stmr Ckptaio
Bennett, from . Port An tonla.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE
3
W; & J. SLOANE & CO.,
Out-of-town orders filled^wrrte us.
Santa Claus has plenty of candy for the little folks
who call.
Baseball outfit free with every boy's suitor overcoat.
Attention is drawn to our superb line of LACE CUBTAOrS,
which we offer at prices ranging from 65 CENTS to $100.00
per pair.
We quote :
Sofa Pillows. . .From. $1.00 each and upwards
Comforters. . . .Frjpm $1.25 each and upwards
Curtains, Kis-Kilems, etc
UPHOLSTERY DEPARTMENT,
6ofa Pillows, Tapestry and Velour Table Covers, Silk and I»aco
ORIENTAL AND DOMESTIC RUGS.
Choice Assortment A Great Variety. Prices Very Seasonable,
From $16.00 each and upwards
Tou can choose from a vast array of g-oods in this department.
From $10.00 each and upwards
SECRETARY BOOKCASES
From $4.50 eaeft and upwards
MUSIC CABINETS, richly finished
Recent Importations of Unique and
Useful Pieces of Furniture.
We Mention:
DAINTY WRITING DESKS, in either Bird's-Eye
Maple, Golden Oak op Mahogany Finish. . .
From $7.00 each and upwards
HANDSOME CHAIRS AND ROCKERS
I For young men from twelve to nineteen years sack suits
in single and double breasted styles, in all the cloths and
patterns, and swell overcoats in stylish mate-ials, jusfc as In
men's, prices from. ...$5.OO to $20.00
For boys from eight to fifteen years old we> carry two-
piece knee pants suits, and 3-piece knee pants suits (suits
with vests); also overcoats in a most comol^tr line; prices./.
$2.50 to $10.00
Boys' Clothes for Christmas
For boys fTom three to eight years we have middy, reefer,
vestee and sailor suits in all materials and patterns, with va-
rious trimmings, and also a good assortment of overcoats at
prices from / $2.50 to $10.00
$1O
we consider the most remarkable values it has ever
been our privilege to show. The overcoats con-
stitute blue, black and oxford gray chevioN in styl-
ish lengths, well made by union labor. The suits
comprise blue and black serges and fancy cheviots
and worsteds in single and double breasted styles:
every suit union mad^, which guarantees the work-
manship. ;^f;
Clothes make good gifts — that is, good, sub-
stantial clothes. Whole columns could be written
about our union-made clothing, but mere sugges-
tions must now answer. With a large stock like
ours from which to choose, you simply come in and
let us suggest and show you the, different suits and
overcoats and your buying need only be a matter of
a short time, with every convenience and ease.
We have others, but bur immense stock of
suits and overcoats: at r?v
Good Gifts
*18 Market Street.
CARPETS— FURNITURE-UPHOLSTERY.
, 114-116-118-120-122 Pest Street.
OPEN BVENINGS.FBuri 1 CAJJlslJ^RS WIN A
PERPETUAL INJUNCTION
Baltimore Firm Enjoined Prom Sell-
ing Pears and Peaches Under
a California Label.
BAI/TIMORE. Dec. IX— A decree was
signed by Judge Morris - to-day- *n tin*
United States court in the matter of th©
California Fruit Canners* Association and
others against the firm of W. W. Roberts
& Co. of this city, perpetually enjoining
the firm from offering for sale pears and
peaches net the product of California in
cans or other vessels on wnlch the name
of California is affixed.
ELDORADO, Kas., Dec. 18. — Jndga
Shlnn to-day agreed to admit Jessie Mor
rison to ball in the' sum of SoOOn pending
her second trial for the murder of Mrs.
Olin Castle, The prisoner's father, Ex-
Probate Judge Morrison, expressed hope
that he would be able to secure bonds
men within a few days. Miss Morrison's
release will probably end the case. It
is said that she -will go to her old home
in West Vlrgiinia when released.
Judge Morrison Decides to Accept
Bonds Pending the Second
i TriaL
at the parsonage of St. Stephen's Church.
The bride is the daughter of the late Dr.
Newman of this city, a well-known physi
cian, and is a popular belle In capital so
ciety circles.
to have a complete train and take all
the members of his Cabinet and their
wives. A corps of executive clerks will
also be of the party, and there will be a*
working car which will practically repre
sent the Government on wheels. All im
portant business will be dispatched to the
party in code and the President and Cab
inet will be able to attend to business
while on the road.
The President expects to consume four
or five weeks in his trip and visit all
parts of the Pacific Coast. The objective
point will be San Francisco, and the pur
pose to assist in the launching of the
battleship Ohio, but the President ex
pects to visit Oregon and Washington, as
well as California, and see the great new
States of the Northwest on his way homo
by the Northern Pacific If the season is
open early enough the party may visit
Yellowstone Park. It will. If present
plans are carried out, be the most com
plete and extensive tour ever made by a
President of the United States, and its
purpose is to get a closer personal knowl
edge of the great West and its needs.
WILL ADMIT MISS
MORRISON" TO -PATT.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 18.-Unlt
ed States Senator William V.
Sullivan of Mississippi and
Mrs. Mary Newman Atkins of
this city were married to-day
i . -
UNITED STATES SENATOR WILLIAM V. SULLIVAN OF MISSISSIPPI.
WHO WAS MARRIED AT WASHINGTON YESTERDAY TO MRS.
MARY NEWMAN ATKINS OF THAT CITY.
SENATOR SULLIVAN IS
MARRIED AT WASHINGTON
Mrs. Mary Newman Atkins of the Capital City Becomes the Bride
of the Mississippi Statesman.
"While I had the pleasure yesterday of
expressing, at the arsenal, to the officers
and men of my navy, who> have returned
home, my appreciation of their gallant
conduct in China, a storm was ragins at
Malaga -which proved fatal to my train
ing ship Onelsenau. The ship had to suc
cumb to the violence of the waves, ami
with her sank her brave commander as
well as a number of valiantly-flghtins
crew, the promising youth of my navy—
a crushing- blow of tat» upon which I look
with a feeling of deep sadness. My navy
has again had to make a heavy sacrifice,
but It will not allow itself to bo diverted
from the path marked by Its proud duty
to flght and endure whatever God's will
may bringr. Of that I am certain, and I
commission you to bring this order to ths
notice of my navy."
A Berlin special says: Emperor Will
iam has transmitted to tho Imperial
Chancellor, Count von Bulow, the order
following, dated December 17:
Georg-e J. Gcschen. who was First Lord
of the Admiralty in the Cabinet, was ga
zetted to-day Viscount Goschen of
Hawkshurst. and Sir Matthew White Rid
ley, who was Home Secretary In th» lata
Ministry, was gazetted Viscount Ridley.
He also bears the title of Baron Weniley
Dale.
William's Words of Condolence.
"Woe to any country in which the heirs
to the throne and Prim© Ministers favor
the racecourse aa it exists among us to
day. If Princes are guilty It is a poor
consolation for us to rebuke peasants. 1;
the Premier can blaspheme, he haa no
right to rebuke ribaldry upon the street.
I would rather have as Premier a man of
solid character than one of brilliant mind
addicted to habits that may have the ef
fect of a pestilence upon the rising gen
eration."
New Viscounts Gazetted.
Rev. Dr. Joseph Parker, pastor of tha
City Temple, who has assumed for a
week the editorship of the London S'jn.
In to-day's issue of the paper, under tlM
heading: "Bettinp and Gambling Fore
casts," tilts at the Prince oi Wales and
Lord Rosebery as follows:
At the close of his address Lr.M Strath
cona announced that he would g!v<s £23.
000, provided £50.CC0 more was raised with.
In a year, to wipe out the debt of the uni
versity.
Tilts at Prince of Wales.
LONDON. Dec. li-Lord Strathcona and
Mount Royal, the Canadian High Com
missioner, was to-day Installed as Lord
Rector of Aberdeen. Everywhere he met
with a demonstration from the students.
In his rectorial address Lord Strathcona
dealt with the unity of empire. He re
ferred to the gratifying jrrowth of the Do
minion of Canada, the Federation of Aus
tralia and the similar federation of South
Africa to follow the war. The speaker
did not altogether favor an imperial Par
liament. He thought a consultative Im
perial council would meet all th(» needs.
Dr. Parker Tilts at the Prince ot
Wales and Lord Bosebery in
Connection With Race
track Gambling.
Strong Speech Upon Being
Installed Lord Rector of
Aberdeen.
STRATHCONA ON
UNITY OF EMPIRE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 19, 1900
CABINET MAY COME
WITH PRESIDENT McKINLET
"WASHINGTON, Dec, 18.— On his "West
ern trip President McKinley is planning
Adverting to any supposed relation
Costa Rica and Nicaragua may have to
the Clayton-Bulwer treaty, the report
declares: ,
These states were not prohibited by the Clay
ton-Bulwer treaty from disposing of: canal priv
ileges or their entire territory, if their people bo
desire, to the United States or to any other
power, for the reason that they are not parties
to that treaty. If such was the purpose »f that
treaty it failed, not only for that reason, but
also because it was flagrant usurpation on the
part of the frreat nations that made the agree
ment and was condemned, as it still is repro
bated by the morality of nations. 'Whether we
will abide by and perform such a covenant Is
a conflict between morals and manners that our
people will- not suffer to deprive them of com
mercial liberty, the security of peace and the
pursuit of happiness. ~ ¦— "— : '
The passage of the Hepburn bill by an al
most unanimous vote in the House must have
called for a protest from Great Britain, If that
Government considers that any rtsht of hers 1b
In conflict with that measure. . If the passage
of that measure through the Senate calls forth
such a protest then will be the appropriate time
for its consideration and for taking measures
to anower it. Until then we can never know
the grounds of the objections tnat Great Brit
ain may choose to make. The Senate, engaged
In a negotiation with Great Britain, which
may or may not result in an agreement, cannot
afford to refuse to consider a bill so important
to the country as House bill No. 2538.. merely
to await the pleasure of one-third of that body.
The Senate, as a part of the treaty-making
power, has no more Just right to suspend leg
islation on this subject than the President, who
is the other part of that power, has to suspend
legislation by his order.
treaty and the pending Hay-Patincefote
treaty the report says:
As a. portion of the proposed road from
Evanston to Salt ' Lake will be run
through the most rugged part ol the Wa
satch Mountains and a number of long
tunnels will have to be driven, the task
of Kllpa-trlck Bros. & Collins Is regarded
as one of the biggest featn of engineering
ever undertaken by a "Western railroad.
The contractor said to-day that survey
ors had been over every foot of ground,
and report that no line can be built be
tween Omaha and the Pacific Coast that
will be as direct as the Union Pacific and
its Salt Lake-Los Angeles connection.
By controlling the Los Angeles-Salt
Lake line and with the construction of
the Echo Canyon and the other cut-offs
and reconstruction work planned between
Evanstcn and Omaha, the' Union Pacific
will, inside of three years, have nothing
to fear from the Burlington because of
any transcontinental line that lt_may be
building now or may construct In the
future.
CHETEXXE. "vTyo.. Dec. 18. — The con
tract for a stupendous piece of railroad
work was to-day awarded by the Union
Pacific to Kilpatrick Bros. & Collins
of Lincoln. Neb. The price to be
paid is Sfi.OfiO.OOO and the contracts call for
the builcjinpr of the proposed Echo Canyon
cut-off, a piece of road forty miles long
extending from Evanston. Wjt>.. to Bait
Lake. The contractors are given four
years In which to complete their task.
This lirie was surveyed last summer,
and, despite the fact that. reliable reports
stated that the cut-off would be buJlt.
officials of the Union Pacific denied the
ptory until a few days ago. when, it Is
E2id. an alliance was entered Into between
the I'nlon Pacific and the Los Angeles
and Salt Lake road whereby the latter
will form a close connection with the
Union Pacific at Salt Lake, thus giving
them the most direct and shortest route
from the Missouri River to the-'/ Pacific
Coast. The contractor who gave diTt the
Information here to-day even hinted that
the Salt Lake-Los Angeles road will not
be an independent line as has been re
ported, but will in reality be a part of the
Union Pacific.
CONTRACT FOR GREAT
ENGINEERING WORK
The following Californlans are Iri New
Tork: W. J. Bartnett. at the Imperial;
H. J. Cox, at the Hoffman: J. P. Currier,
at the Imperial; B. B. Simons, at the
Broadway Central; D. A. Hulse, at the
Vormaxidle; E. T. >Tiehols. at the Murray
HH1 — all from San Francisco; A. Cole and
wife, at the Arlington; Miss A. Mullen,
Miss B. Mullen and Miss G. Mullen, at the
Everett: R. S. Seibert, at the Morton— all
from Los Ansreles.
Series of Prayer Meetings.
A number of leading clergymen and
laymen of this "city have proposed the
idea of holding a non-sectaxian series of
prayer meetings during the last week of
the nineteenth century- ' It is intended
that these meetings he held In variou^
churches but under the direction of a
body of men connected with a number of
denominations and not sectarian. A crr
cular to this effect has been sent out
figT.ed by Rev. Drs. Francis E. Clark.
Boston: C^orpe B. Furvis. Robert S. Mac-
Arthur. Henry Mottett. J. Wilbur Chap
man. E>avjd J. Burrell. S. Parks Cadman,
A. C. Dtxon. Cortland Myers, J. F. Car
son, all of New York; James I. Vance,
Newark; James H. Ely of Philadelphia;
John H. Converse. Philadelphia: "William
R. Moody. Xorthfleld. Mass.; John S.
Huyler and John M. Connell. New York;
General O. O. Howard. General J. J. Es
bey. Brattleboro. and Georg-e E. Beemls.
Mrs. Margraret Bottome and Mrs. Mary
McEJmy.
As planned, the prayer meeting? will
end by a union meeting of all ministers
find church officials of the Metropolitan
district In Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation Hall on Monday afternoon, De
cember 31. at 2:30. This will be addressed
by three or four of the leading pulpit or
ator? of N?w York and Philadelphia. Fol
lowing the fir«t of the new year the first
•w-ppk will be devoted to dally prayer ser
vices in all parts of the nation. The
movement is known rs the Twentieth
Century gr^pcl campaign.
Californlans in New York.
Ai this was in mnyt perfect accord with hla
own mishes the Holy Father has benig-nlr
Framed tha* a plenary indulgence may be
psined by all the faithful of ("hri« who, hav
injr properly approached the Vacraments of
penance and r*-ceived holy communion in a
church or chap»l where the mofft holy Eucharist
Is reserved, shall spend any full hour they
r!ea?e between midnight cf * December 31 and
the noon of January 1 before the most august
Fac-rairent exposed to public adoration and «hall
moreover offer pious prayers to Gcd for tha ln-
While ihlnklr.c «C »me means of increasing:
th* ptfty of the faithful in connection with an
event so solemn the Holy Father learned that
many prelates and piou* sixialltieg anxiously
<Wtne thai the fuiiMul of Chribt, moved by an
tafiernetis to participate In the rich treasury of
t=;>iritual indulgences, should everywhere be in
vited to come ard adore the most blessed Eu
charist.
Xpw .fcs.t the present age Is dravrlns 1 ts a
clot* and a netr one 1« about to berln It Is
l;l«l:ly proper that all who have been redeemed
by Him In every part of -the world should be
solemnly consecrated to the Kins of Aces,
Je*u* Christ, in order that this gratitude may
be shown for the epeclal favors from him in the
|:fc6t.
What cur Hcly Father grir.tcd a >rar ten
by anticipation he also permits by the same tlo
<ree of the sacred concreEatlon of rlte». vit.;
That at midnight which usher? in the January
of the >ear 18C1 the most cii&ust racrnment at
»h*> Euchari«t may be exinmed for adoration in
ciiurcbee and chn:»rls ar.d that In its pres«ne«
one mass of the teaM of th<» Circumcision of our
Lord and the Octave of the Nativity may be
icad or puhk; und that, moreover, the faithful
by sj«-clal privilf-c* receive- holy communion
either during Of outside of the mass.
NEW YORK. Dec. lS.-Offlcial in
struction ha? bepn received here from
Rome detailing- how Roman Catholics are
to observe tho ceremonial closing of the
year and the century on the night of De
cember 3L It Is issued by Cardinal Cre
tcni. prefect of the Sacred Congregation
Of Indulgence and Rites and slgrnej also
by Archhishop Sepraro, secretary of the
corcregatlon. The decree Is from the
Pope and Is addressed to all the world. It
tays:
Leading Protestant Clergymen and
Laymen of New York Arrange
a Series of Prayer
Instructions From Rome Re
garding Ceremonies in
Catholic Churches.
END OF CENTURY
CELEBRATION
necessary to Insure the passage of the
bill. "I will say now," he remarked,
"what I have already said— that this bill
Is for the best Interests of the country,
and I believe that It is going to pass the
Senate. I know the stories they are tell
ing 'about what the opposition to the bill
profess to be able to do. I have said
from the first that this bill must go
through Congress In a perfectly clean
way and absolutely upon Its merits. And
that Is the way It is going through If at
all. I will stake my reputation as a busi
ness man of a good many years' experi
ence and as a shipper on the prediction
that this bill will do what we claim for
it. and that it will result in 50 per cent
of our trade being carried under the
American flag. This will , be of Incalcul
able benefit to the United States. It will
give an Impetus to shipbuilding, an ' Im
petus to business by the lower rates
brought about by competition,, and ¦• its
•beneficial Influence will not be confined
to any particular section of the country.
"'Point out to me what benefit it will
be to the State of Nebraska," a distin
guished Senator has * asked. Well, it
would be difficult to point out; but we
all know that any community that sup
plies fruit products is bound to be bene
fited by a bill '.. that gives great employ
; ment to miners, artisans and \ mechanics
• and offers . Inducements for export -of
'these same products." ' ¦ - '
"One of the criticisms recently made
against the bill is that It is going to make
possible a: steamship trust. Do you care
to reply to. that?" ..¦?•
"As a matter of ; fact," Senator Hanna
replied quickly, "this bill will do exactly
the reverse. -I don't think' any man'be
lieves It possible for the great ' carrying
trade of the world. to be brought together
under one management. , If i it ¦ were - pos
sible this bill, by opening up competition,"
would make it impossible.'/ - r- ' •
Special Dispatch to The Call.
. CALL, BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, NW..
WASHINGTON. D. C. Dec. 18.— In spite
>of- the tremendous, attack, being made
upon the shipping bill, disregarding the
claims made by agents of foreign steam
ship lines and owners of foreign built
'ships, and brushing aside as ' unimportant
the widely advertised opposition of Sen
ators who are engaged In the policy of
obstruction. Senator Hanna said emphati
cally to-night that the ship subsidy bill
would pass the Senate.
The Ohio Senator made this assertion
at the close of a day unusually full of
rumors at to what this Senator would
do and what that Senator had done. It
was reported that Senator McMillan of
Michigan intended to offer three or four
amendments to the bill, - and would be
aided In pressing his amendments by such
powerful men as Senators Spooner, Alll
son and Hale. :
Senator McMillan's amendments were
understood to provide for. the reduction
of the number of years the bounty is to
run, for a large reduction of the amount
of the subsidy to be paid, and for the
striking out of the discriminating rates
of bounty to be paid In favor of speed and
of the gross capacity of cargo, which is
now largely occupied by passenger room
and mail bags in fast American liners.
..Another amendment, which will un
doubtedly be offered, is to limit the total
bounty that can be paid foreign-built
ships that come. under an agreement of
owner* to build compensating amount of
tonnage In American yards. This last
amendment, it Is said, will be presented
to answer the argument that. the Ameri
can line Is getting too large a proportion
of bounty to be paid to foreign, ships. 1
¦•: Senator Hanna declined to discuss any
of these rumors about amendments being
Mr. Grlggs' argument was not concluded
when, at 4:30 p. m., the court adjourned
until to-morrow. Mr. Griggs will conclude
to-morrow, and Mr. Aldrich will close the
cases for the plaintiffs.
As the Attorney-General proceeded, he
warmed up to his subject, at times speak
ing with great emphasis and pounding
home his points by resounding blows on
the table before him. Secretary Gage
came In during the latter part of the day.
justice Brewer Inquired of the Attorney
General soon after he had begun If he
maintained that Arizona and New Mexi
co came Into the same category with the
new possessions and the limitations could
be placed upon them. Mr. Griggs said he
would later consider how far the terri
tories In thlp country and those beyond
the sea rested on the sameibasis. -
Taking up the constitutional question,
the Attorney General declared that there
was no doubt that it was the Intention
of the Paris treaty not to make the ceded
islands a part of *.he United States, and
also that It was intended not to make the
inhabitants of those islands citizens.
The Attorney General contended that
the United States has the power to ac
quire territory; that having acquired It,
It has the right to govern It; that admin
istrative construction. Congressional ac
tion and Judicial precedent affirm that
every port In a ceded country Is properly
regarded ad foreign until laws are ex
tended by Congress to the new posses
sions; that the clause of the constitution
of the United States declaring duties uni
form throughout the United States is n'ot
applicable to new possessions, and that
the constitution does not extend of Its
own force over acquired territory.
Referring to the legal aspect of the case
he asserted that the Dlngley act applied
to merchandise Imported from Porto Rico
and the Philippines after their cession
to the United States, the Eame as It did
before, and that In view of the fact that
the tariff laws are in rem there Is no
principle of Justice, much less of con
stitutional restriction, which forbids Con
gress from taxing 1 In this way the mer
chandise of outlying possessions of the
United States when brought Into the
ports of the Union.
Attorney General Griggs followed, pre
senting the Government's position In the
case. He began in quiet and conversa
tional style, seldom reporting to gesture
or emphasis. He said that as counsel had
been "wandering in the fields and pluck-
Ing- the flowers of tloauence" he would
first give a plain statement of the Issues
Involved. Among those who came in to
hear the Attorney General was Repre
sentative Littlefield of Maine, whose
speech In the Porto Rico debate was one
of the most notable expressions on tho
status of the new Insular possessions.
Griggs Begins Argument.
Ings of divine Providence shall come un
der Its benign Influence and control. •
Mr. Harmon declared that both the
Philippines and Porto Rico are now and
have been since the treaty took effect a
part of the United States. They are the
property of the United States In the sense
that they are held in trust for the people
thereof. The trust is an express one. In
that Its conditions are fixed by the con
stitution. The builders of the republic
did not frame a constitution for the orig
inal thirteen States, but for all the lands
and peoples which in the beneficent work-
SUBSIDY BILL IS SURE TO PASS
Mr. Harmon" elaborated these main
points, dtlng and discussing- many deci
sions in support of them. In the course of
his argument Mr. Harmon conceded that
Congress* could govern the new territories
in any way It eaw fit, so long as the form
of government came within the constitu
tion; it might be by a governor of gov
ernor general, or by a commission, so long
as the form was not repugnant to the
constitution.
Part of United States.
toms officer confiscated the rings on the ,
ground that they came from the Philip
pines, were dutiable and had been smug
gled into the United States. The case now
conies up to the United States Supreme
Court on the appellant's plea that the
property was not subject -to customs
duties, the" Philippines being, as he con
tends, a part of the United' States. Mr.
Harmon directed the early part of his ar
gument to setting forth the fundamental
principles of equality which had been
enunciated by the Declaration of Inde
pendence. The chief points urged In his
argument were: By the treaty of peace
between the United States and Spain the
Philippines became a part of the United
States; the Government and the citizens
of the United States both entered said
islands under the authority of the consti
tution, with their respective rights de
fined and marked out; the former can ex
ercise no power over the person or prop
erty of a citizen of the United States be
yond what that Instrument confers, nor
iawfully deny any right which it has re
served. Belngra part of the United States,
the Philippine Islands are subject to the
provisions! of clause 1, section 8, article I.
and of clauses 5 and 6, section 9, article I
of the constitution of the United States.
And as there is nothing definitely stipu
lated in the treaty with respect to com
merce,- It became Instantly bound and
privileged by the laws which Congress
had passed to* raise a revenue from
| duties on imports and tonnage.
The President of the United States has
no legislative power. The imposition of
customs duties upon commerce between
these islands and other parts of the
United States after the treaty of peace
and exchange of ratifications by execu
tive order Is without lawful authority,
and the seizures of the property of the
plaintiff in error, a citizen of the United
States, under such pretended authority,
constitutes a taxing of his property with
out due process or law.
"WASHINGTON. Dec. 18.— Senator Mor
gan, chairman of the Senate Committee
on Inter-Oceanic Canals, to which was
referred the preliminary report of the
Isthmian Canal -Commission, to-day sub
mitted a partial report thereon in 'con
nection With the protocols of agreements
with Costa Rica and Nicaragua relating
to the . proposed canal, which were sub
mitted recently to the Senate. In | the
course of the report It is said that the
statement of the Walker commission
and the protocols referred to have a di
rect bearing on what is known as the
Hepburn bill, now on the Senate calen
dar. .. ¦¦¦_-. A- •; , .: ..,-.-.... ,
¦ "That bill," says the report, " Is a
declaration of the policy., of the United
States for a canal under control 'of this
Government.^ It is law of necessity,
rather than the expectation of 'profit -or
advantage to- the -United State*, that
compels us to construct, own and control
a ship canal through Costa Rica; and
Nicaragua, and the geographical relation
of .those "States to » our country and the
prestige /of >.the/ United States among
American Governments point to us as the
power ¦ that must < Incur the ;¦ expenditure
and be invested with the authority to con
trol | the canal as • a marine highway : for
ships of t all nations.* ¦ The assured profits
of this enterprise, In money, calculated
on a basis that is even much larger than
Is indicated : in . any • report- that has esti
mated-the cost, are a sufficient'Justlflca
tion'forthe expenditure that is necessary
to . acquire the - right-of-way and , to con
struct the canal." •
Vt After a reference to the Clayton-Bulwer
Isthmian Canal.
Sets Forth the Advantages of a Great
MORG AJNT MAKES REPORT.
The Time* discusses McKinley's posi
tion relatively to that of the Senate. It
declares that If the President has the
courage of hlB convictions and adheres to
them, the Senate's action will not acquire
International Importance. It nays it doos
not doubt If McKinley appealed boldly to
the people, explaining the situation, they
would support him and Hay. It con
cludes: . . ¦
"The Senators, we are told. In their pres
ent mood will ratify no treaty with Eng
land but a treaty of surrender. In that
case the Hay-Pauncefote treaty Is
doomed and we will be relegated to our
rights under the Clavton-Bulwer treaty.
We shall stand upon those rights. It is
not the custom of this country to con
clude treaties of surrender with any na
tion, even with those whose friendship we
value most That Is a custom from which
we have no mind to depart."
The paper refers to the vote on the Da
vis amendments as a practical repudiation
of the most essential provision of • tho
Clayton-Bulwer treaty, and it accepts the
probability of the Senate sanctioning
other amendments Involving explicit re
pudiation of that convention.
LONDON, Dec 19. — The Times, revert
ing to the subject of the Isthmian canal.
In view of the fact that the American
Senate will vote on lh« Hay-Pauneefots
treaty Thursday, adopts a much stronger
attitude on the auestlon than it took In
its previous comment* It says it Is In
formed by the New York correspondent
that Great Britain's calm attitude Is mis
represented, perhaps" misunderstood, In
some quarters as symptoms of indiffer
ence, and adds: "The error Is absurd. It
betrays on the part of those who may
honestly hold It curious unfamlliarity
with our habits and methods of action.
We are not in the least- indifferent to tho
canal scheme. We cure perfectly calm
about the vote on the Davis amendments
and possible vote on the more, offensive
amendments because we know 'that our
legal and moral position is unassailable.
We have not agreed and we are not going
to agree to the proposed variation ox our
treaty rights save upon terms acceptable
to ourselves."
the Hay-Pauncefote Treaty.
Times Protests Against the Death of
BRITISH. IRE IS AROUSED.
He contended for the safety of th© ca
nal even though it should not be fortified,
for it was absurd, he said, to suppose
that j any enemy would attempt to Bail Its
ships through a canal 175 miles long and
owned, controlled and policed by this Gov
ernment when actual hostilities were in
progress.' In this connection he called at
tention to the fate of the Maine, «which
was on a peaceful mission, and had been
anchored in a harbor of a country with
which, at the time, we were at peace.
Senator Morgan traversed much of the
ground he had covered in his previous ar
guments In support of the Hay-Paunce
fote treaty. He referred to the protocols
agreed to between Nicaragua and Costa
Rica regarding- the canal, and said that
the" ratification '. of the. Hay-Pauncefote
treaty was a debt we owed to them. Those
countries, If they should see fit, might
rise up and refuse to allow us to do any
thing; hence we could not afford to do
anything that would offend them. For this
reason we would' have the neutrality of
the canal assured and the pending treaty
ratified.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 18.-The friends of
the Hay-Pauncefote treaty occupied near
ly all of the time of the Senate in execu
tive session- to-day, Senators Foraker and
Morgan, being the speakers. •
Previous to taking up. the treaty the
Senate, for the purpose of clearing its cal
endar, disposed of several ; other, treaties
of Comparatively little Importance. Five
conventions In all | were ratified. Among
the doci/ments thus disposed of was an
agreement supplementary, to the Hay-
Pauncefote treaty Itself and extending the
time within which it may be ratified. Un
der the terms of the original 'treaty the
time for ratification expired five months
ago. The agreement favorably passed
upon to-day extends the time until the 4th
of March, during which the treaty may
be completed. Senator Lodge, who had
the matter- In- charge, manifested some
anxiety over this treaty, and evidently
was somewhat relieved when it went
through without a dissenting vote.
The other treaties . ratified were: Ex
tending for one year the time within
which -the commercial treaty with Argen
tina may be ratified; extending for a year
the time within which the treaty with
Great Britain for reciprocity with Jama
ica may be ratified; the new extradition
treaties with Bolivia and Chile.
When" the" Hay-Pauncefote treaty was
taken up attention was given to the reso
lution offered in open session earlier in
the day by Senator Tillman calling for the
correspondence between. this Government
and the Government of Colombia relative
to the right of the United States to con
struct a canal across Colombian territory.
The resolution was agreed to after It
was amended at the instance of Senator
Morgan so as to also call for all the corre
spondence with the Pan-American Canal
Company, Including all offers on the part
of that company and all negotiations with
It concerning the Panama canal.
Senator Bard of California/ gave notice
of an amendment which he will offer to
the treaty providing that the United
States shall have the right to '"discrimi
nate In favor of American goods shipped
through the canal in American vessels en
gaged In the coastwise trade."
Senator Foraker's speech, from first to
last, was a defense -of the Hay-Paunce
fote treaty, and he took occasion to praise
in high terms Secretary Hay. who, he
said, is not only an accomplished gentle
man and scholarly man, but a patriot and
a statesman of a high order. Senator
Fcraker said he had differed from the*
Secretary in some respects aa to 'the pol
icy to be pursued, but any fair-minded
man must recognize that in negotiating
the pending treaty the Secretary of State
bad. accepted . conditions as he found
them.and that in falling Into the policy of
neutrality he had only followed historic
precedents. As for himself, he had al
ways favored an American policy In deal-
Ing with the question of the construction
of the canal, but no one who would give
the least attention to the subject could
not fall to see that the neutral policy had
been the policy of this country In the
past.
! tion .in Favor of 'American
Goods in American Ships.
Senator Bard Will Present Amend
ment Providing for Discrimina-
w 11-11 n i
Morgan and Eoraker Speak
in Favor of the Canal
Treaty.
STRONGLY URGE
RATIFICATION
LEISCHMANN IS NAMED
AS MINISTER TO TURKEY
Representative of the United States in Switzerland Will Be Sent
to the Sultan's Court.
JOHN C. A. LEISCHMANN OF PENNSYLVANIA, NOW MINISTER TO
' SWITZERLAND, WHO HAS BEEN NOMINATED TO BE MINISTER
TO TURKEY.
WASHIXGTOX, Dec. IS.— The
President to-day nominated
John C. A. Lelrchmann of
Pennsylvania, now Minister
to Switzerland, to be United
States Minister to Turkey.
The President also sent the following
additional nominations to the Senate:
Arthur S. Hardy of New Hampshire,
now Minister to Greece, Roumania and
Servia, to be Minister to Switzerland;
Charles S. Francis of New York to be
Continued from First Page.
RIGHTS OF THE RESIDENTS OF NEW DOMAIN
The Senate confirmed the following
nominations: Daniel H. McMillln of New
Mexico, to he Associate Justice of. the
Supreme Court of New Mexico; John W.
Yerkes of Kentucky, to be Commissioner
of Internal Revenue.
Minister to Greece, Roumania and Servia;
Clarence L Thurston of Nebraska to be
Secretary of the Legation at Buenos
Ayres; Benjamin S. Warren of Alabama,
to be assistant surgeon In the Marine
Hospital service; J. M. Patterson, to be
postmaster at The Dalles, Oregon.
4
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SENT FREEJO MEN !
A Most Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mall
to All Who Write.
Free trial packages of a most remarka-
ble remedy are being mailed to all who
will write the State Medical Institute.
They cured so many men who had bat-
tled for years against the mental and
physical suffering of lost manhood that
the Institute has decided to distribute
free trial packages to all who wrlt«. It*
Is a home treatment, and all men who
suffer from any form of sexual weakness
resulting: from youthful folly, premature
loss of strength and memory, weak back,
varicocele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at hora«. •
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development just where It Is needed.
It cures all the ills and troubles .hat come
from years of misuse of the natural func-
tions and has been an absolute success in
all cases.' A request to- the Stato Medical
Institute, S2S Elektron building. • Fort
Wayne, Ind., stilting- that you' desire one,
of their free trial packages, will be" com-
piled with promptly/ The Institute Is de-
sirous of reaching that great class of men
who are unable to leave home to be treat-
ed, and the free sample will enable them
to see how ea^y it -Is to be cured of sex-
ual weakness when the proper remedies
are employed. The Institute makes no re-
strictions. Any man who writes will be
sent a free sample, carefully * sealed in a
plain package, so that its. recipient need
have no fear of embarrassment or public-
ity. Readers are requested to write with-
out delay.
YOU If BOY
Would Appreciate Nothing
So Much as a
CLEVELAND
BICYCLE
$35.00.
It Is Fitted With a
MORROW COASTER BRAKE at
—^4 COO-
JUVENILE BICYCLES— $20, $22.50, $25.
LEAVITT & BILL,
300 Larkln Street '. . . 6AN FRANCISCO.
'20 San Pablo Avenue . . . . . .. OAKLA.ND.
57. South Second Street . . . . SAN JOSE*
OR.MEYERS &C0,
Specialists. Disease Mb^ ' 'y '
. and weakness of !Sg£ \^Jt
men. established ffSS
" USL Consultation ff :. '^^TWJ
and' private book "VitV : .r /-Xl
free, at office or by Tai«4 'W^WJ
mail. Cures guar- YmMt iwrHffi*
anteed. 731 Mar- • K^;f?KfftVf
Let street (elevator. l^S^Mwff
•ntrance). San >^f\J[^p£raKL
itttcfflttooirflar
STATEMENT
——OF THB—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF* THB— -
HANOVER
FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY
OF TTETW TORIC, IN THE STATE OT NTTW
Tork. on the list day of December. A. D.
1899, and for the year endlnr on that day. aa
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections CIO and «U of the Political Code,
condensed aa per blank furnished by the Ccm-
mlssloner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, Dald up la
' ..«•••¦•••••........ ....i. •.«.... ..$1.00^,000 00
ASSISTS.
Real Estate owned by Company $450,000 Cfl
Loans on Bonds and Mortnafces S.500 W
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bcnda owned by Company 3.227.339 10
Cash In Company's Office 53.424 51
Cash In Banks 84,915 ST
Interest due ana accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 28.219 CO
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 50 5*
Premiums In due Course of Collection 213,343 S3
Due from other Companies for Re-
lnsurance on losses already paid... 13.133 47
Total Assets ... ....... ...... ..$3,062,479 3*
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid tIM.428 J3
Losses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense T5.26* M
losses resisted. Including expense*.. ' 13.51* SS
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. SX 0*4.096 19;
reinsurance CO p«r cent 147.943 13
Gross premiums on Fire Risks ran-
nJmr mor» than one year. n.»4.-
738 88: reinsurance pro rata........... *M.11S C
Reinsurance premiums ..,,_._ 27.275 13
Total Liabilities -.,.......^....H.43j.M9 ff
INCOMB. ~~
N*t eash actually reeerved for V\z*
premiums .........................$1.4SS.54O 87
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages JTS 53
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans and from
all other sources W.4t3 *%
Received for Rents „ 27.5J3 7*
Received from all other sources «S.5JS SO
Total Incom* $1,173,383 17
E^^PTENTJnTJRSSw
Ket anwront paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding J1TS.401 El. Icsses of previous
Tears) tI.O4.7S> T.
Dividends to Stockholders 100,000 CO
Paid or allowed for Commission of
Brokerage 27S.3S4 43
Paid for Salaries, Feoa and other
eharres for officers, clerk*. «te.... 152.443 5J
Paid for State. National and Local
tax** 8J.136 19
All other payments and expand ltur»» no. 001 :>
Total Expenditures .C.794.S70 79
' Flra.
Leases Incurred during the year tl.100.43t 07
Risks and Premiums. Fir* Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
wrlttea during tha
jhi .~ $223,(30,243 $1.(91.773 77
Net amount of Risks
expired durtac the
y«ar 153,401.501 l.«7.an O
Net amount In force
December n. 1899 228.379,539 J.3M.S35 07
X. REMSEX LANE. President.
CHAS. A. 8HAW, .Secretary.
Subscrlbfra and sworn to before ma. this 27th
day of January. MCfl.
JOS. ilcCORD. Notary Public
TJNTTED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
I OF THB
AACHEN AND MUNICH
FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY
C\T AIX-LA-CHAPELLE. Germany, on tl»»
yj , tUt day of December, A. D. 1899. and for
tb» year ending- on that day. aa made to the
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provision* of sections
610 and <11 of the Political Code, condensed u
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
'assets.
Cash Market value of all Stock* and
Bonds owned by Company 1789.337 50
Cash In Company's Office 806 <l
Cash In Banks ».»2 M
Interest due and accrued on all Stocks
and Loans 9K 00
Premiums In due Course of Collection. 84,366 2S
Bills receivable, not matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks 1.150 93
Total Assets J31S.933 T7
LIABILITIES.
Loes«« adjusted and unpaid $7,341 Cl
Lo-!~i In process of Adjustment or In
Suspense , 41.439 92
Losses resisted. Including expenses..... 5.173 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning; one year or less. $405,875 48; re-
insurance SO per cent 209.927 73
Gross premiums on Kir* Risks run-
ning more than one year, $191,344 08;
reinsurance pro rata 109,283 84
Due and accrued for salaries, rent, eta IIS O
All other demands acatnst th* com-
pany - -._...„.... 3.190 a
•Total LiaWlltle* $391,814 44
nrcoMBL
Net cash actually received for S"lr*
premiums $491,906 81
Received for Interest and dividends on
Bonds, Stocks, Loans and from all
other sources 25,357 w
Received from all other sources.. ...... 283 7J
Total Income 1507.133 25
KXHE.VTJ1TL: RES.
Net amount paid for Pi™ loesea (In-
cluding »2«.7S8 81. losees of previous
yea") • : I3S.919 S3
Paid or allowed for Commission or /
Brokerax* '. 96.770 37
Paid for Salaries. F*ees and other
.¦¦ chaises for officers, clerks, etc 0,474 13
Paid for State, National and Local
t*«» •'•• — — 19.2S4 83
All other paym*nta and expenditures.. 83.097 S3
Total Expenditures ....... ............$323,838 72
Losses Incurred (inrlnjsr th* year J34S.772 (8
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks " "
written during- the
year MS.4S2.4cO SCtt.432 »
Net amount of risks •—*¦—• -.
. expired during; * the
_year ................... 4U4J.CT 840.40 71
Net amount In force ««.» •«
December 81. 1S99.... 4t.443.M9 897.H9 8S
SAMI* R- WEED, of Weed A Kennedy.
F. F1SHBECK. Notary Public
F>/\CIF^IC COAST- DEPARTMENT,
423 CALIFORNIA STREET.
ALFRED R. GRIM,. Assistant Manager. CESAR BERTHEAU, MiMgv.
GUS MESSINGER and MARTIN RASCHEN; San Francisco, Citj-Managen
v|\ n [Hub
flAll r^Wsnojterrori ( f "* if A
*)v*l 2r when it i« made 7 \. itl*
uXTL r ' with { 1/ Vl
Tr>£ Alt-U perfectly <EgestJble, which Cfl
»W Iwd b not. It i* cleanly «n i free - 5m
¦ ' from disease-taint to which swine, yTl
I from which lsrd it made, are Cable.
I Dytpeptics can with impunity . - 1
I enjoy food made with it. It goe* 1
L twice ai far as lard or butter and it J
I therefore cheaper. .Wcaon'i Salad I
I OH b far greater nine than the finest I
1 olive oil and ha the eame flavor. f
1 Ask your friendly grocer to mpply f-
Q you with Weston't Oils. Vt)New Mint Regulation.
W^ASHINGTOX, Dec. 18.— The Senate
Committee on Finance to-day authorized
a favorable*" report on the House bill giv
ing the superintendents of coinage at
mints the right to exchange gold bars for
sold coin free of charge or with charge
at their discretion. The present law
makes the change mandatory.
The strikers refused to talk on the prob
ability of a sympathetic strike of the
other employes of the road, saying that
in the absence of President Dolphin, who
was expected here late to-night, they
larked information. The committee which
¦arm confer with the railroad officials con
sists of James Roddy, chairman of the
Brotherhood of Locomotive Engineers;
Thomas Burk, chairman of the Brother-
"From Information received It appears
the committee will endeavor to induce the
officials to adjust the differences which
caused the strike. So far as the strike
being over, it has only begun, and those
who are out are not at all worried over
the ultimate result. There have been few
desertions and evidence in hand is In
dicative that the better class of teleg
raphers who are out of work have no dis
position to take the places left vacant by
the union men." ' ¦
J. R. T. Auston. vice president of the
Brotherhood of Commercial Telegraphers
and a member of the Order of Railway
Telegraphers, said:
The purpose of the meeting Is different,
ly regarded by the striking. telegraphers.
The latter declare that it is 'ridiculous to
suppose that men representing other
unions working- on the system called for
the conference to intercede with the offi
cials to reinstate the striking operators
as the strike has not been declared off
and the operators do not desire to return
to work.
Four of the sixty -eight cadets of the
second class were examined during the
afternoon and all cf them ¦who knew Hccz
declared that his standing with his c»ass
mates was not very high, as they iooKtd
upon him as a coward. The story of his
light wth KeMar in 1898 was told b> «."a
det O. 2»*. Tyler, who seconded Boez.
"When asked by the court why he did so,
Tyler said . ' ¦ .
"WeM. Bcoz asked me to b« ills second,
n.n«l I rould not well refuse." --
Every ont, of the witnesses denied that
any hrutai hazing occurred, 'and two of
them cescJii»eJ the "bracing" and "set
ling up drills" as only "correctional meas
ures," and neither injurious nor humil
lstinjc. All denied. that Booz .had been
interfered v."ih on account of his religious
btlicf or ter.iencles. The inquiry is ex
tectf-d to take up the greater part of th'«
week.
The ht-ciing will be resumed at 9:30 to
morrow mcwmitr. ,/
WEST POINT, N. Y., Dec. 18.— The mil
itary court of inquiry which began tak
ing testimony In Bristol. Pa., yesterday
iirrived at the military academy at 1
o'clock this afternoon. At 2:30 o'clock It
recurnei the investigation of the charts
of hazing and brutal treatment ma<le by
the parents of former Cadet Oscar L.
Booz, who died recently at his home In
Bristol.
Generals Erooke. Bates and ClouJ and
Captain Dean questioned the witness**
as Vi the practice of hazing m the ac-i.*e
my, both in camp and barracks. Stxi.7
cight members of the class of 1!W2, to
which Bcoz belonged until he resigned
in September or October, ibCSS. were sum
moned to the court and weie brought in
squads and kept In ante-rooms In the
academic building.
Future Army Officers Tes
tify Before the Board
of Inquiry.
CADETS STYLE
BOOZ HOWARD
"A committee consisting of the system
chairman of the engineers, firemen and
conductors and brakemen has asked for a
neeting- with me in order to urgre that
he utmost consideration be shown by the
:ompany toward the telegraph operators
jvho recently quit work on -our system
mder strike order in the matter of re
;mployment. The gentlemen composing
his committee, as representing the em
)loyee named, do. not sympathize with or
'upport the telegraphers' strike, but con
sider it a mistake. Their sympathy for
he men who have lost their positions has
nduced them to take action as here
lamed.
"We have a full force of telegraphers
employed on all our lines. Our business
s moving under normal conditions. Our
>arnings for the first two weeks of De
'ember were light lor a like period In
he history of the road."
entatlves of the different railway organi
atlons who have taken up the grievances
if the striking telegraphers consider the
'trike a mistake and at to-morrow's con
erence to be held here with the officials
>f the Santa Fe nothing but the re-em
)loyment of the telegraphers will be re
luested from the company. Mr. Barr's
itatement follows:
CHICAGO, Dec IS.— According to a
statement issued to-night by J. M. Barr,
third vice, president of the Santa Fe Rail
way, the committee composed of repre-
hood of Locomotive Firemen;' William
W. Hutton.chairman of the Order of Rail
way Conductors; R. C. Scott, chairman of
th £x? rothernood of Railway- . Trainmen.
TOPEKA. Kan.. Dec. 18.— Santa Fe
switchmen and brakernen here say they
will strike if the demands of the tele
graph operators are not granted by Third
Vice President Barr. The conductors an
nounce that they will stay by the road,
but It is thought that they will be In
duced to join in the strike If one la or
dered. The engineers and firemen have
not said whether or not they will strike.
Considerable pressure haa been - brought
to bear on them, and they -show much
sympathy with the strikers.
. The Santa Fe officials are considerably
alarmed at the turn affairs have taken.
They are said to be endeavoring to hire
brakemen and switchmen conditiona-Uy
who shall take the places of the men
that go out.
The strikers here profess to be more
sanguine of success now than they have
oeen at any time since the beginning of
the strike.
It is probable that the result of the con
ference In Chicago between the. strike of
ficials and the officers of the road will not
be known for two days, and In the mean
time the brakemerL and switchmen are
preparing to go out in sympathy soon af
ter the refusal of the company to grant
the demands of the operators. If such a
refusal Is made. *
Third Vice President of the Santa Fe Declares the Reinstatement of Telegraphers Will
Be Requested at the Goming Conference.
BARR SAYS RAILWAY REPRESENTATIVES
CONSIDER THE STRIKE A MISTAKE
SALARY TO BE INCREASED.
Porto Rican Education Commissioner
to Get Better Pay.
WASHINGTON. Dec IS.— At the re-
Quest of the Secretary of War, the House
Committee on Insular Affairs to-day re
ported a bill increasing the salary of the
Commissioner of Education of Porto Rico
fr< m fSXB to IffiOQ, When President Brum
bach of the University of Pennsylvania
accepted the position at the urgent re
quest cf the President and Secretary
Hoot, it was with the understanding that
his salary should be increased, fle re
ceived J5(W at the University of Pennsyl
\.inia and only accepted the position in
Porto Rico out of a sense of public duty.
The Ineular Committee to-day consid
ered the advisability of reporting a bill
to make it cl^ar that under the present
law only CnngTess shall have the power
to repeal, alter or amend charters in Porto
Rico. Some question has arisen as to
¦whether this power was lodged in Con
fr^js or in the Executive Council of Porto
Rico. The committee favors such a bill,
but no formal action was taken.
SWEPT from stem to stern and
with a decided list to starboard
the stout steamship Centennial
came Into San Francisco Bay
yesterday. Had the vessel not
been •well found and an excellent seaboat
she would never have reached port. All
but two of her lifeboats were washed
away. All the liferafts save one went by
the board. Tfce cabins were flooded. The
cocks were washed out of the galley.
The sailors were forced out of the fore
castle, and one terrific wave swept Cap
tain Egales from the bridge. It was a
trying time, but nevertheless the Centen
nial made port, and there is not a man
who came down on her but is willing to
swear by her as a splendid seaboat.
"We left Seattle about seven days ago,"
said Captain Egales yesterday. "We had
"All hands and the cook went to work,
and nearly all the bedding in the ship
not passed out of the straits before the
gale came up. The farther we ¦went
routh the worse It got, ana when we
were off Blanco it was blowing a hurri
cane. One sea came aboard and carried
away two of the lifeboats. Another stove
!n fcorae of the panels in th<> saloon. A
third flooded the saloon and washed all
the passer.pers outof the after cabin.
We had eighty-six passengers all told,
and I don't believe that one of them es
caped a baptiFm.
"That all happened in the daytime. At
night the wind got up to about ninety
miles an hour, and then didn't things
hum! Three llferafts went by the board,
and the forward side of the saloon was
carried away. There was three feet of
wp.ter In the salocji. and 400 barrels of
lime not ten feet away.
"The morning after the gale I stood
away to the southwest and down upon
us It came again. All the starboard boats
were . carried away, and once more the
good old ship was -flooded. "When 'I came
to count noses I found that we had
elsrhty-slx passengers, a crew of about
eighty-five and only two small lifeboats
and one llferaft. But we pulled through."
was piled up as a barrier to keep the
water from that lime. When there. seemed
no chance for seepage we went to work
and baled the cabin out. «
"The gale cid not abate, however, and
the captain's gig followed the lifeboats,
the after wheelhouse and sounding ma
chine-gwin.-j next. Tarpaulins were torn
from the hatches, the flrerooms were
flooded, and had the boys in the ertgl
i.eer's department not stood by their posts
I don't believe there would be one of us
alive to tell the story to-day.
FORMER TRANSPORT CENTENNIAL ' IN A HURRICANE OFF CAPE BLANCO. . NEARLY ALL HER LIFE
BOATS AND LIFERAFTS WERE WASHED AWAY TOGETHER WITH EVERYTHING MOVABLE ON DECK.
ABOUT 400 BARRELS OP LIME IX THE FORWARD HOLD MaijE MATTERS INTERESTING. •
Caught in a Hurricane Off Gape Blanco, She
Nearly Goes Down With All Hands.
The contemplated thanksgiving service
in St. Paul's Cathedrnl. in connection with
the return of Lord Roberts from South
Africa, has been abandoned, owing, as
the Government announces, "to its being
considered desirable to defer a general
thanksgiving until the close of the opera
tions in South Africa." The programme
now is for Lord Roberts to debark in the
Solent, to visit the Queen at Osborne
House January 2 to re-embark and to
finally land at Southampton, coming from
that point to London.
Numerous volunteer officers' resigna
tions ar^ razettcd to-night— lawyers, phy
sicians ar.<I business men who have urg
entlv represented that their affairs are
going to ruin. The War OSlce. on account
of these representations, has let them off.
The Government publicly requests em
ployers who i-cve kept open situations
for" yeomanry. Colonials and volunteers.
to continue th»:r patriotic efforts to min
imize the sacrifices of these men in the
service of this country-
The War Office has issued the Queen's
thanks to the Yeomanry. Colonials and
volunteers, expressing: her reliance that
those abroad will continue to aid the regu
lars. The foregoing are desipned to quiet
those in tlie tit-id who are waiting to go
home.
JOHANNESBURG. Dec lS.-Details of
the defeat of the British at Nooit Gedaeht
indicate that General Clements' entire
force had a narrow escape from capture.
Tho Boers* plans were splendidly laiJ.
If the main British column had tarried
a little lor.per thfre would have been a
complete success for the Boers, who ex
posed themselves undauntedly, yelling and
waving their r.rms. Their rushes were
only stemmed by artillery.
After the British retreat the Boers held
g. prayer meeting. Their hymns could be
heard by the retiring British. All ac
>»_:.:; Sndlccte a heavy Boer loss.
Colonel L?gge exhibited splendid brav
ery. He shot live Boers with his revolver
before he fell with three bullets in his
body.
liOXDOX D<*e 3v — Lord Kitchener, in
a dispatch from Pretoria, dated December
17, reports that all the British wounded in
the engagement at N'ooit Gedaeht have
arrived there and are doing well.
Setreating British. Troops Hear
Hymns of Praise Sung by the
Victorious Republican
Forces.
All Troops Under His Com
mand Narrowly Escape
Capture by Boers.
CLOSE CALL FOR
CLEMENTS' FORCE
In order to establish a monument in
celebration of . the semi-centennial of the
Temple Emanu-El, the ladies of the or
ganization will found an Emanu-El fel
lowship of Semitic languages at the State
University, of which Dr. Voorsanger is
now one of the' professors.
Rabbi Voorsanger. who has been con
nected with the congregation since 1SSS.
has prepared a memorial volume, entitled
"The Chronicles of Temple Emanu-El,"
which Is published by the board of direc
tors. This book is a valuable compilation
of the history of the congregation and
Rabbi Voorsanger was engaged for two
years in preparing the data.
The present officials of the congregation
are: Raphael Pelxotto, president; Jacob
Greenebaum, vice president: Henry Wan
genheim. secretary: Lippman Sachs,
treasurer; Emanuel Levy, clerk; E. J.
Stark, cantor, and Dr. Jacob Voorsanger,
rabbi.
The grand celebration to take .place at
the end of this week will be in marked
contrast to the first service 1 held by the
congregation. The founders • of Temple
Emanu-El in 1849 gathered together in a
tent to keep alive the cherished beliefs of
their faith; their successors next Friday.
Saturday and Sunday will meet in one of
the handsomest places of worship in the
world.: Although .• the -semi-centennial
should have been celebrated last July, it
will be held this week, more as a matter
of convenience to the majority of the
members, who would have been unable to
participate, owing to absence at the sum
mer resorts. : J
¦ The celebration will begin next Friday,
evening, when Rabbi Wise of Portland, Or.,
will deliver the thanKsgiving sermon. On
Saturday at the regular services Rabbi
Hecht of Los Angeles will occupy the pul
pir. and on Sunday afternoon Rabbi Voor
ar-ieer of the Temple Emanu-El will
preach. The services will include • ad
dresses by the officials of the congrega
tion and special . vocal and musical num
bers. A large number of invitations have
been issued by the board of directors for
the "platform meeting" to be held on
Sunday afternoon at 2 o'clock.
The archives of the temple disclose the
names of the Seligmans, Wormsers, Sachs
and other leaders of finance who started
their colossal fortunes In the city of San
Francisco. Henry Seligman, brother of
the great financier, Jesse Seligman, was
at one time an officer of the temple and
is still alive, residing at i-'rankiort-on-
Maln In Germany.
The father of "Jake" Steppacher, the
well-known Republican politician, was for
many years sexton of the congregation
and "Jake" Steppacher figured as the
treasurer of a fair held by the young'
ladies of the organization some years agu 1
when $12,000 was raised to help the funds
of the temple.
The first private cemetery of San Fran
cisco belonged to the Temple Emanu-El.
the land having been donated by" one of
the early members. The site of the ceme
tery was in the Western Addition and has
long since been built over. Many noted
divines have preached from the pulpit of
the Congregation Temple Emanu-El and
to mention the names of those who have
been married under the- auspices of the
congregation would be to give a list of all
the prominent, persons in Jewish social
and business circles of the coast.
The rirst house of worship to be erected
by the Congregation Emanu-El was an
unpretentious wooden building, its loca
tion being in the downtown district of
to-day, since covered with palaces of com
merce. With the growth of the popula
tion of San .francisco the congregation of
Temple t;manu-.fcJl increased, resulting in
the Duilomg of the present house of wor
ship on Slitter street, wnich. v was dedi
cated in IStiS. With the completion of the
temple on Butter street the congregation
became absolutely rtiorm In its mode of
worship.
.Among the thousands who flocked to tho
far-off i£ldorado after the discovery, of
gold by Marshall in 1A49 were many Jews,
ana it is interesting to note that one of
the very ursi things done by tnese plo
ceers was to establish a house of wor
ship. The first Jewjsn services to be held
on the Pacltic Coast tooK piace in a room
situated on Bush street, near Montgom
ery, and the original lease or' the prem
ises is one of the treasures of the,Con
gregation Emanu-Ei. The religious body
was. organized as a German orihooox one
and it was not until ten years later that
the change to a reform congregation \va3
started.
The fifty years' history of the Temple
Emanu-El forms an important part of the
life cf California and an inspection of the
valuable archives of the congregation
shows that many men who have been con-
nected. with the house of worship have
occupied prominent positions in every
walK of lite.
The semi-centennial celebration of the
founding of the^Jewlsh Congregation
Emanu-El will take place next Friday.
Saturday and- Sunday and the event Is at
tracting considerable attention all over
the country. ' ...
In Commemoration Ladies of Congre
gation Will Establish Semitic
Fellowship at the State
University.
Semi-Centennial Services to
Ba Held at the End of
This Week. |
TEMPLE EMANU-EL
WILL CELEBRATE
WAVE-SWEPT AND CRIPPLED
CENTENNIAL REACHES PORT
THE SAF\FRANCISGO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 19, 190a
X'.
i!
Z
5
OTEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARP. COR-
C> ner First and Urannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc No cargo received on board on day of
sailing.
SS. AMERICA' MARTJ
...Saturday, December 2S, 1900
S3. HONGKONG MARC
....Thursday, January 24, 1M1
S3. NIPPON MARU .......*
Tuesday. February IS, 1901
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
General Agent Pacific Coast.
. SO Montgomery st.
rroro N"ew York Every Wednesday. 12 Xoon.
Westernland ...Dec. 28 Xoordland ......Jan. 18
Wenternland ...Jan. 2 Frlealand Jan. 53
Kensington Jan. 9 Southwark .....Jan. »
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
W1 CHAS. D. TAYLOa
BED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp*
Stopping; at Cberbourjf. westwound.
From New York Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
St. Louis..'. Dec. 28JNoordIand Jan. 1*
New Tortt Jan. 2 Friesland Jan. 53
Kensington Jan. SlVaderland Jan. 3»
HXWT0SX.
L03S03. FAXXm.
AMERICAN LINE.
BAY. AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FOB D. S. NAYY YARD AND VAUEJ8L
. Steamer "MentlceUa.**
MON.. Tuea..VWed.. Thurs. amT Sat at 9:«3
a. m.. 3:15, 8 JO p. m. (ex. Thars. night); Fw-
da>». 1 P. rn. and 8:30; Sundays. 10:30 a. «.; %
p. m. Landing and office. Mluion-strwt Doaa.
ner No. 2. Telephoae Main 1HH.
yABB,... v .m
J. D.SPRECIELS & 8B0S. CO., Bineral Agents. 327 brbt St
Sen'l Passngjr 015a, 643 Market SL, Pisr io. 7, Picifc St
BS. ZE ALAN DI A (Honolulu only) .......
; ;.:.. .•....". Wednesday. December 2*. i p. m.
SS.ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Samoa. New
Zealand and Australia.".":..-.'.."...."...:..... .
...Wednesday,' January V 1901. 9 p. m.
S5. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti.....*;...."
¦ .; .......Sunday. January 8. 4 p. m.
"When my physician first told . me I
had i Bright' s disease a i cold chill t went
over me. and. -i I. v: felt; as*, if *I\.were a
doomed man.,- For three months I took
"If I was the 'chief*. I '.would -order,
every officer to keep a bottle of War-
ner's Safe Cure on hand and . there
would be but a few to 'lay' off% on ac-
count of sickness. Being exposed - to
all kinds of weather, excessive heat,
and sudden frost , or rai n , ' it ¦ takes * an
. iron v constitution- to, stand ."it. •¦¦ I ad-
vecate Warner's Safe Cure as it keeps
tho kidneys in good condition/which
means , that all poison ; and . diseasa »is
, quickly « carried < off . from the ?system;
thus maintaining: Rood 'health.; It cures
you when sick and keeps you in good
health 'if you ;. take ¦ a 1 dose . now , and
then. i •-¦ I advise every man'.who has | to
be out of doors most of tho time in all
kinds of weather ,. to - keep? Warner'i
Safe Cure onhand all th* time."
' Chicago . Police D*pt-
Chlcago, I1L, September 3, 1900. %
THOS. W. JOYCE.,
Desk Sergeant. 43d Precinct,
COXPAGNIE 6SXZ2ALE TSAlfaATLA5TIQirS.
DIRECT 1JNE TO HAVRE-PARIS. ,
Balling every Thursday.- loatemd of
Saturday, from No.vember X 1339. at «J*iSMS*
W s. m.. from Pier O. North Rirer. foot of
Morton street. First-class to Havre. 155 and
uDward. Beeond-clas* to Havre. $42 50 and up-
wart GENERAL AGENCT FOR UNITED
STATES AND CANADA. 83 Broadway (Hudson
DuildW). New York. J. F. FUQAZ1 A CO..
Pacific Coast Affents, S Montsomery av-nne.
Pan Francisco. •-¦ - : * '
temtm^Ess
Freight and passenger office. 330 Market st-
, F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Acent.
PANAMA R.R.S
To NEW YORK via PANAMA Direct
S. S. ROANOKE sails January 8,
S. S. ST. PAUL sails Jinoify 29,
From 'wharf, foot of Fremont" st.. at 2 p. ra.
"I have used Warner's Safe Cure for
general debility and cheerfully recom-
mend it as the very best medicine I
know of to build up a broken down
constitution." '
MARTHA J. VAN DUZER;
Lady Commander, Jewel Hive No. 162,
L*. O. 1*. &1.
Evansville. Ind., 513 Mary St
August 17, 1900.
'?When a. man's life is saved he nat-
urally feels grateful to the instrument.
So 1 feel very gratefulto Warner's
Safe Cure, as I know that it saved my
life and restored me to perfect health
and strength. For «even . years I suf-
fered with kidney and bladder trouble,
finding no relief, and although. I spent
my income on doctors and medicines,
I found no help until I read an adver-
tisement, of Warner's Safe Cure* and
decided to try that. For four months I
faithfully took the- remedy twice a
day. feeling that I was gaining
itrength, then I considered myself
cured. -TV-is Is* five months ago and 1
have had no trouble since and am in
good health." W..E. ECK,
Sec'y Royal Arcanum.
Virden, Manitoba, Aug. 31, 1900.
A free sample of Warner's Safe Cure will be' sent
to any one on receipt of postal card. Address.
WARNER'S SAFE CURE CO.. Rochester. N. T.'
! ; ¦ ' . ' • •. ¦. ' Mention this Paper.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNT AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KING. WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms. 50c to Jl 60 day;
$*> to $8 week: $3 to $20 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room: fire sratea in every
room; elevator runs all nlKht.
THE 0. R. & I. CO.
T>IWP ATCH FAST 8TE A34ERS TO
From Sr*ar-stre*t TVTsarf at «_a. ra.
fADt £12 first Class Xiicloainff B«rt!i
lAnu $8 Second Class and Meals.
COLUMBIA Sail* Dec 14. 2*. Jan. 3
GKO. W. ELDER Satis Dec ». »
Short Line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points In tfca Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
B. a WARD. General A«ent.
Fop the Cars o! Gonorrhoea. Gloets,
Strictures and analogous complaints
of the Orfians off Generation.
Price $1 a bottle. For sale by druggists,
SPECIFIC MIXTURE
DR. CROSSMAN'S
warner's 5 A FE CURE
NABER, ALFS & BRUXE, Agents.
323 Market st.. S. F.— (Send for Circulars.)
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGORA-
tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Disease* of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on its own merits.
MR. J. McKINNEY, i
"Who since November 1 has been calling
on the merchants and manufacturers of
the city, representative of Kelly & Co.,
London. England, publishers of the di-
rectory of "Merchants, Manufacturers,
Shippers and Buyers of the World," and
numerous foreign directories, expects to
leave Christmas. Prior to that time
would be pleased to receive communica-
tions from any omitted who may desire
a representation or are Interested other-
wise In the 1901 edition. 11B Dearborn
place. -• -v:':
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
k Steamen leaTe Broadway
»w wharf. San Francisco;
W^n^ For Alaakan Ports— \l a. m. .
raJKggaJfc D*e. 12. 17. 23. 27. Jan. 1-
IS^P^^ISSjk Chango to company's steamers
fg^k*«jl iraf For Victoria. Vap.cotrver (B.
fifaaC>rfai C). Pert Townsend. 8eattle.
f"^^ywU Tacoma. Everett. Anacortes
and New Whatcom (W«h. I —
~-"m U *. m.. Dec U. 17. M. XT.
Jan. 1 and rrery &xth day thereafter. Chaas»
at Seattle for tfcts company' s steamers < for
Alaska and O. N. Ry.: at Seattle or Tacoma to
N. P. Ry.: at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
Tot Eureka. Humboldt Bay—* p. in.. D»e.
14. 19. 24. 29. Jan. 2. and every fifth day there-
after.
For San Dleco. stooping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Lot Angelea and R«d^ndo <Lc» An-
fele»>— Steamer Que«n. Wednesdays. 9 a. ra. ;
¦teamer Santa Roaa. Sundays. S a. m.
Pot Santa Crux. Monterey. San Simeon. Oayn-
cos. Port Harford <8an I-als Otrfapo). Gavtoca.
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. 9an Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los An«rH«r> and Newport—
6team«r Corona. Fridays. 9 a. m.; steamer
Bonlta. Tuesdays. 9 a. m.
Tor Enaenada. KajrdaUena Bay. San Jo»« del
Cabo\ Maxatlan, Altata. La Paz. Santa Ro*ali»
and Gaaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m. 7th each month.
For farther Information obtain company's
folders.
Th» company re»err«s th« right to chanar*
ateantera. eallins: da.t«s and hours of aalllat;
-without prevtooa notice.
TICKET OFFICB-i New Montgomery
ttre«t fPalac* Hotel).
GOODAUU PERKINS A CO.. On. A**nta.
OCEAN TEAVEL.
I»s, HIE iMPpRHJM -^
I EVENING. FOoUlenRn»c^7nar. M >1 OBDEO. J
ft -v. rAUFORNlAS LAROEST-AMERICA'3 GRANDEST STORE. X
a^ *S
$ Free Cameras with every boy's suit or overcoat purchas- :«
5 ed in our Children's Department 'his week—the big store ;,
% willpresentjreeof charge, a perfect picture-malingcamera. J
I Th^Greatcst of AU |j
I Holiday Successes. |
$ J The most elaborate display of Holiday Goods we've ever madr— the j
J largest shopping crowds that have ever visited the big store— but everything ,%
* running smoothly and without confusion. Our thousands upon thousands of *
$ patrons quickly and satisfactori'y waited on by our gr;at force of nearly two jj
JJ; thousand clerks. Our daily experience in handling large numbers ot people *
JC enables us to mee: the great pressure of the weck-before-Christmas business j,
jf in a manner impossible in a smaller business. ¦*
I Extra Furniture and Carpet |
I Specials for To-Day (Wednesday) Only. |
S|v" ' Useful gifts, any ( onc of these — ' asting remembrances of the giver that £
*£ will be prized for years. . J
Jf Chi d's Rockr— SoH^calc, cane seat, fancylUdiej* \friiU$ Desk— Solid Oik, golden j«
V carved back, worth $=.50 — tf*"| *JE finiih CT mahogany. <«« «lrawer, tront .%
$ Bpecial to-day .. tSUiD neatly carved, poished; reg- #n *\Q .J
l?.,u,x * r. . w, • T» L Blarlv|9-so; to^by $l.LJ 5
* Ucholstered Rccker-^Mahoeamied B:rch or >-. ; C i _j «.«. r • v j tj «
X Brd'. Eve Maple, . hand^oli^hed, bricc ] Chin* Closet-Sefccted Oak, finahed goUea, J
i Jf •¦¦ arms, teats Upholstered in jmttr patterned S *f* »*" *&, * f «= 4 5
i S damask.; regularly J5.00; tl \ *S CA' "^ ?"?** hand-nibbed and potehed; i g
IS ..'•• $3.50; s^f.f. 1 .*;? 0 ;...^ $13.75 I
% Book Case— Gold n Oak fini h with gla** Tap€$tr y Brusiell— Sundarl patterns, effects ,%
y doer, 4 adjusts le shelves, neatly carved; desgni, aJl-wool surface, can be 1P A J
regularly * 1 1 . 5 o ; to- d*n fJCl had in hall and stain; per yard ... **DC •'
1 jf • . "... . . Ingrain Carpets — Reversible «nd hea-rr j
t; Ccmhiniiion Book Case and W.i ing D«k— gpecial; per yard 35c X
*C I Solid Oak and golden finish, patterned Linoleum— Made cf good quality cork f. P_ J
j£ French plate mirror, plenty cf dak andj andlnseed oil; special; per yard.. f!3w ji
jf book room; re«u ar value <P 1 5 "J^ Carpet Rags— >IaJe of Body Brusseb and -J
J |2o.oo; to-day ,. . . . 1O* I Jj Axrn : mt en; special at J5c and $1.00 %
I P — = — ; — ¦ • ,-.. . ; Holiday Liquors |
I and Cigars. ;
j£ r^ -gg?" 3 «JlJ?$rk. t^ ie iran ds of liquors jj
fc^ .- r /^lf\^'>|£ff — ' and Cigars tha: arc in demand X
f i", / <akf^^^^fe,. S^l in this markct on saIe here at *
i £ V^^tf^^^iiJCtit department store prices. £
X I /^il'r-i-i^^u^Hv^^ • " - Port or Sherry— Old and choice— ¦ .f
t IWA^*^W\K & $t.5O
it rev-* V V '\ Boiled Qdzr— Th= bat; qusrts, 30c; ga! $L25 J
K rMS&tl^SK^S B^undy-A good qua'ity-per gal $1.00 %
K W^jJrM'L^^' C aret— Oar regdar table wine— gal -....40c X
& / X^v^ShJoJ^^^' Caret — Very old, extra choicr — gil $1.00 '$
J^ 5^>^^5^^S£#ty Champion Whhkey— FuU quart botte S1.00 %
K 4fflSSi\SSv Wll Hsrper Whhkey— Rye or Bourbon— bottle. $!.C0 *
ft J T^^Gnm American CLb Whbkey— Per gal $2.25 5
K I J fs^lJ Liqueur d* Apricot — An after-dinner cordial — per bottle. .$1.75 *<«
K • Gaod Brandy — Fcr mince pies — quart bottle "]Sc J|
*C Cognac— Muller Frera, 21 years old— bottle $140 2
Jf White Wine— Good qua^tr— gallon 50c!Hmnltage Whbkey— 3 years old — j»
£ While Wine— Choice quality— gallon 75c b««le 50e • .J
£* Cfiampagr.e— Mumm'f, Roederer ot Pom-JChoice Bsurban Whiskey— Gallon. ..$3.00 $
m-.ry— pints, $IJ5j quirts $2-75 Oin— Thorn's imported— per bottle . . . .$1.00 X
If Whiskey — Paul Jones Pure Rye — bot. .$1.25 _,. ~ _2. ; '5
I 100 m Box. *
H Tipo Chianti — In wicker baskets — pints, Sanchez & Haya $9 03 *
*? 30c; qiars 55c El Bslmonts $9.00
R Crime de Mtn'he — Pints .'. SOc Alexander Humboldts $0.00 J€
X Cognac — Hennefsy & Co.'$ — bott'e $1.70 Principe de Ga'es 59 00 *
JC Malt Whiskty — Shaw's Pok Medicinal Havana $10.00 jj
K Whiskey — bottle $1.00 |L The afcove brands are the regular iz^c J Jt
jf Kentucky Belle Bourbon Whiikey— bottle. . g sizrs, which we reta3 regularly at 10c each. 5
t •-. .... .75c Cigars, 50 in bax— From. .$1.00 t:> $5.00 $
5 - Naglee Brandy — s6 years old — Cigar*, 25 In bsx— From 60c io $2.50 ]j
5 . Stone gallon jugs $5.50 ( M«er.<chaum Plpts.. $3-50 t» $13.25 }»
jf Half-ga'Jon jug* $2.75.Br.ar*.ood Pipes 25c to $7-00 J«
** Christmas Cards and Calendars lor 1901 — Jf very large and av~ry jj
i beautiful assortment, ranging, in price from 5c to fio.co eich. j
TEE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company"« offlc«,
411 Market street, corner First.
W. H. A\"ERT. General Areat.
3CTTLhLAJ THE mitlLLERY^
tteJ/ff/AeAfetf/ca/Depdrtjaefifj of the
U.S. ARMY $ NAVY Service-
WlLUAM WOLfF 4 CO.
~SAM fRANaSCO. CliTRIBUTORS.^'
Setrerr erf //n/raf/ons o* **fttft4 Btttta. &
OR- -JORDAN'S obcat
SfiSSEUH OF ARATQHY
A Ch mfctszzs sz.bg. &&*?&. sxed.,
* DT The Largest AMtcfftifl Mnena fa the
t 1 -f jl_ Wovtd W»Jcncti«» «c aaf cootr»cte<l .
* S?)35 d-.s«i»e pc»JU»»«y»«f»<l by the oldest '
A fi&fb 1 Cft. .JCR3AH-PRIUTE DISEASES ,
/t E ifl«/n Trr «-m«n« pcrtcnnl!y cr fcy Inter. Aj
f B TaH /M.tir«<W«ia every catctmdertikea. '
A F. 'I tl&> Wru(urllocfc.PaiLOHOraV*fj
V * fl ,yi JiAssues. mailed F«xa. <A^
A Q IL »a!u*!jie book tot swa/ '.. ¦ .
" CB ifmDAX ft CO.. I0M Market 8t..a F. \
f k THE OWL
DRUG CO.,
CUT-RATE DRU66ISTS,
1128 Market St.,
SAN FRANCISCO.
I J tfa and Broadway,
OAKLAND. %
"THE OWL'S"
HOLIDAY
THE TALK
OF THE TOWN!
Mere P«Tf'jmery to Mlcct fmm than
all the Market-street «ort« combined.
ALL THE LATEST NOVELTIES IN
Ebony Toilet Articles.
Ebony Hair Bnifhe*..Vk> to JK.VOO each
Ebony Oombs B(>o to T3o each
Ebony Mirror*.... »I. Oil to 64.OO each
Ebony «'l<.th BruFhec
...'. fl.OO to KHOn «»aeh
KV...r.y Hat Bruthes.uOc to #1.25 each
iZbory Military Bru*he*
...'. itt.r.it to 93.OO *ach
] Celluloid Toilet Sets.
P,ru£h. Corr.h an^ Mirror I
*I.OO to S20.00 each
Man!^ur» S#rs SI.imi to Jsn.«K» each
"; Har.rfkcrchl'-r Boxes. 2Sc to #1JT,O each
Glove Boxes -So to **!.."»<» each
i Collar and CuJT Eets..T5c to set
Military Kair Brushes.
Ebony &*".<i nther woods, plain or
r'.lvrr mounted... f 2.50 to S7JJ0 set
The
Kidney Disease.
."I have found v Warner's^ Safe Cure a
wonderful^ remedy^ for.: backache arid
the j numerous pains women are affilct-
.ed with. . I It tones ; . up the ' entire 'system
and prevents ¦ colds." . .-..¦ i;V. ;
- - ,..""- ¦¦= ANNIE E. HARPER, '.;
Grand Outer Guard,' Rathbone Sisters,
also Noble Guard of Elite, Rebekah
. -.Lodge No.- 2, * Independent " Order
>>O."iT.r; • - - '- ¦ ' ---- •--¦¦"'- ,'-¦¦'. ¦
Jacksonville." III., 625 State St.,
TAugmst 6, 1900.: '•
. his prescription and kept getting
worse, \when my druggist, who was a
personal friend, told me that In his
opinion Warner's Safe < Cure was ' the
best medicine ¦ on ; earth ¦ for " Bright's
disease. I took a bottle at once and
gradually felt relieved." T kept taking
.it patiently and i regularly^ for two
months and words cannot describe my
• feelings when I , found that I was
cured.. I felt like a new man. Brijrht's
disease Is a thing of the past and I
would like to ' say to every one ' simi-
larly " affected, try WRrner's Safe
Cure." - JOE ROSE.
Town Clerk.
Lake View,'- Cook Co.. 111.
.August 22, 19C0. ; .
;. (Moved . to 1931 North Ashland Ave.,
Chicago. 111.)Producers of beer are stiir asking for further re
mission of = the war revenue -taxes. There is such a
mistake as pressing a good thing,tbo far and losing
an advantage"; already gained. ¦
Oklahoma is the youngest of the Territories, but is
not satisfied with the position and demands statehood.
A: bill to. gratify her desire, is now' before the Senate
and has good chance of passage. She would be a red
hot commonvvealth to start, the new. century and might
be expected to blaze the way for Arizona arid New
Mexico.. . ; •
The action of the French Chamber of Deputies in
calling upon the Government, to prevent the manu
facture and the salev of absinthe . promises a "great • re -
form among the French, people. Absinthe is regarded
as the most dangerous liquor in use among civil
ized men, and the consumption of it in France is
regarded as a . potent cause of - many >*of = the greatest
evils that afflict French^ society. .Preaching againstiit
has had no effect. The use^of it is ; increasing rapidly,*
hence the demand for governmental action/ ..
The biggest match factory^ In the world
Js the Vulcan ir.at**h factory at Tidaholm.
Swed*n. It employs over 1200 men an 1
manufactures daily 900,000 boxes of
match* ».
GulUet'a Ice cream, mocha, camel la. plstacbe.
chocolate cakes. 90S Larkln. phone East 133. *
Nevertheless, if our Eastern friends believe we have
been swept with something like a Galvcston disaster
and wish to take up a subscription, Ihey are welcome
to do so. We can find use for the money in some
war, even if we do not need it as charity.
-
L| POX inc first I5age of the Denver Times on
I last Friday there was displayed in circus poster
type, "Storm Wrecks Frisco." Beneath was
an announcement in black-faced type that the worst
siorua in its history had swept over this city, that th<: ;
wires were down and San Francisco was cut off from
communication with 'he,world; then followed this:
"First Message Received — Word was received from
there early this morning, however, that the storm was
so heavy on the bay that the ferry-boats would have
to be stopped. The damage in San Francisco is
enormous, but no details as to the loss of life or prop
erty have yet been received, but it is likely that botii
will be heavy." *^{
That is the kind of tale our storm wind roared out !
as it swept eastward, startling the dwellers beyond the
Sierras with a fear that one of their own blizzards, or
cyclones, or tornadoes, or hurricanes, had broken
loose on this side the continent and was doing its
U5tial damage.
Probably California weather will never be under
stood in the East. Indeed, it is difficult to understand
it here. The hottest days of our summers in the hot
test parts of the State do not produce sunstroke as
they do in the East, and when we have a winter storm
i' is quite a different thing . fromVwhat such a storm
would be on the other side of the continent.
San Francisco has not been wrecked, and the loss
neither of life nor of property has been enormous.
A TALE OF THE WINDS.
The traveling? public says "the only way" i»
tht "drerland Limited." leaving San Francisco
dally at 10 a. m. via Central Pacific. Unton Pa
cine and Chicago and Northwestern railway*
and running thrcueh to Chicago without chanza
in less than three days. Only four days to New
Ycrk or Boston.
Henry Miller Says "It Is ths Only
Way."
/ The hackney coach proprietors and ca*>
drivers of Naples haw formed themselves
Into a company for the purpose of trans
forming the hackney coaches ar.d carroy
ellas into automobiles.
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tho
Pr^ss Clipping Bureau (Allen's*. 510 Mont
gomery st Telephone Main 1012. %* -.
Townsend's California glace fruits. 50c *
pound, ln fire-etched Doxes or Jap. bas
kets. A nice present for Eastern friends
630 Market street. Palate Hotel bulldlns.*
Time toy express TowtjJsmJ's California
glace fruits to your Eastern friends. •
SUMPTUARY LAWS— T. R. T.. Oak
land, Cal. Sumptuary laws were laws to
prevent extravagance In banquets dress
and private expenditure. They abound in
ancient legislation. The Lochrian legis
lator Zaleucus. B. C. 450. ordained that no
woman should , appear on the streets at
tended, by more than one. maid servant
unless she were drunk. At an early period
of Rome the censors who were Intru^tfrt
with the superintendence .of public «nd
private morality punished all persons
guilty of luxurious living. Sumptuary
laws were in favor in the legislation nt
England from the time of Edward II? tfli
the Reformation. A few such law" re
mained on the books until 18S6. l n France
by an edict of Charles VI. no one was at'
lowed to exceed a soup and two dishes at
dinner. Scotland had laws to resulate the"
dress of ladles "to save the purses of rh«
pulr gentlemen, tneir husbands^ and fath
AN OIL CLAIM-Subscriber, Coyote
Creek, CaL If A -takes up. an oil claim,
puts up a location notice according to*
law, has the location recorded in the min
ing district, also in the office of the Coun
ty Recorder, and five days later B takes
up the same land, puts up notices and
has a record made, it would, under the
general rule, be in favor of A as the prior
claimant and locator, provided he fulfilled
all he was required to do. There might
be some claim set up by B that is not
mentioned in ' the tetter of inquiry in
that case a court would have to decide
which claimant was entitled to the loca
tion. .
JUTE AND BAGS-H., Antioch. Cal.
On the subject of Jute the Dingley tariff
says: "Single yam made of jute not finer
than 5 lea or number, 1 cent per pound
and 10 per cent ad valorem; if finer than
5 lea or number. 35 per cent ad valorem."
On the subject of bags It says: "Bags or
sacks made, from plain woven fabric, of
Jute yarn, not dyed, colored, stained,
painted or bleached and not exceeding
thirty threads' to the square Inch, count
ing the warp and filling, seven-eighths of
one cent and 15 per cent ad valorem."
METEORS AND SHOOTING STARS—
N. F., City. Meteors and shooting stars
always have a downward direction be
cause they are bodies that become de
tached from that which supports them,
and masses, large or small, follow the
natural law of gravity. Some, In their
passage, move with such velocity that
they afe entirely consumed, while others
are so large that they are not entirely
consumed and fall in fragments to the
earth. in the shape of aerolites..
then allowed to cool, is strained and bot
tled. It is put up in small bottles, as it
does not keep long after being 1 uncorked.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
MAIL TO HONOLULU— J. D. S., Sacra
mento, Cal. All steamers that sail from
San Francisco and touch at Honolulu
carry the. mail. 'V l
POSTOFFICE STAMPS — Subscriber.
City. Stamps issued by a postofflce aro
good until used on a-leiter, newspaper or
anything on which postage Is required..
DELIVERY OF MAILr-Subscriber,
Milton, Cal. The task of a contractor
w ho carries the mall ceases when he de
livers the mail at the postofflce. He is
rat required to deliver It in the postofflce
building. .
CHINESE RULERS— J. F. and L. C.
Marysvllle, Cal. The original picture of
the rulers of the Chinese empire, repro
duced in The Call of July 29, 1900. can be
had. from any number, of .dealers in the
Chinese quarter. .
INSECTS— S., City. There are so many
insects that owe their existence to heat
that It Is impossible to ' give 'the name of
"the insect that is said to be created by
continuous heat" without a view of a
specimen of the one asked about.
HALF DOLLARS-L. J. A.. City. Half
dollars of 1807 and of 1809 are^not coins
that are purchased at a premium by deal
ers. These sell at prices ¦-varying from £j
cents to $175. Those. of lS07witn 50 cents
stamped over 20 sell at from $2 oO to $3 j0.
GOLD-EYED .NEEDLE&-W. H. M.,
City. To find ¦ the address tjf the manu
facturer of ~go\d-eyed needles 'obtain a
package from any dealer in such and you
will find the address on It.- This depart
ment has repeatedlyi announced that it
does hot publish the (address of any pri
vate business house. ' v -
CORBETT AND FITZSIMMONS-C.
M.A. and J. B., and W.'J.S/. City. Dur
ing the fight in Carson .Clty^ between Cor-!
bett and" Fitzslmmons, Corbett got In
more blows than Fltzsimmons, about two
to one. Since the fight In Carson City
Corbett, and FiUsimmons have not met In
the ring. . •; •; "•/-."' '
' SOCIAL"' DEMOCRATIC PARTY-H.
W., City. .As yet; no .'official collated fig
ures * have ¦ been - given/ out "to I show the
vote of the Social Democratic party at the
ia«t held general election. 'The -same as
no the Socialistic: Labor- party." When
euch fleures have been compiled they will
be published in. the local columns of The
Call.-: '
MUSHROOM CATSUP— G> G,.* City.
Mushroom catsup is- prepared by sprink
ling-the'tops of /mushrooms ..with . salt^
stirring'' -them', occasionally- for two or
three days, when they are slightly pressed
and juice , secured.": To that is added *,o
each gallon half an ounce of bruised mus
tard seeds and cloves, .one .'ounce each of
bruised ¦ allspice and' black pepper. This la
placed on : a slow fire 'arid' allowed ;to- sim
mer • In s a ' Doreclain lined " iron poL It Is
Townsend's famous broken and plain
mixed candy, 2 lbs 23c. 639 Market street.*
Thousands of pound* of California glari
fruits all ready for shipping. Townsend's."
Ex. strong hoarhound car.dy. Townsend'd*
Choice candies, Townsend's.Palace Hotel.*
Privileges of Law Making.
Some of the privileges of members ot
foreign legislative bodies are unique. Dan
ish M. P.'s can have a free seat In the
Royal Theater at Copenhagen whenever
the'y like. The lawmakers of Norway re
ceive free medical attention and nurair.tr
if they fall ill during the session. The
M. P.'s have extended this privilege to
include courses of gymnastics, massage,
baihs. wine ("medical comforts"), draw
ing and stopping teeth — all gratia — London
Express.
Here is a lesson to be learned by all who are inter
ested in good city government. It is not the duty of
BHHHflHK»riB99B9HBlHBBBBg':::-
It is doubtful if New York City has really profited
much by its political reformers. It has had more re
form movements than any other city in the country,
rnd yet it remains under the control of Tammany.
The reason is not far to seek. At this very juncture
it is stated that certain representatives of the indepen
dent Germans of the city have given notice they are
willing to join the fight against Tammany 1 for good
government, but will vote for Tammany rather than
support a movement to curtail personal liberty. One
of them, ex-Sheriff Tamsen, is quoted as saying: "We
are not going to countenance any movement like that
of 1895, when all the saloons and places of amusement
were closed on Sunday."
thus lead to its defeat.
There is an immense amount of significance in this
antagonism among the people of New York to the
word "reform." It teaches a lesson of past follies
and blunders on the part of zealous men eager for the
improvement of their city and their fellow citizens that
should not be lost upon any portion of the American
public. Not in New York only has "reform" come to
be regarded as a sort of charity word-that covers a
multitude of sins. In almost every city in this coun
try when a considerable body of men have organized
for the purpose of redressing political evils by political
methods there comes to the front as allies in the
movement a host of, men who do more harm than
good. The mere office-seekers in the crowd are by
no means the most dangerous. It often happens that
men of genuine 'earnestness and free from all taint
of self-seeking injure the cause they desire to help
by joining .to it some moral reform that can neves*
be effected by, government. These people have the
idea that the only way to get rid of a corrupt munici
pal administration is to enforce sumptuary laws, tem
perance laws and many other taws that affect matters
of conscience rather than of politics, and consequently
they rouse up antagonism to the whole movement and
The correspondent of the Philadelphia Public Led
ger in explaining the causes of this desire on the part
of the committee" says: "The word with a good many
people means only a political scheme to get office by
turning somebody else out. Among politicians the
word is as malodorous as mugwumpery itself. To
them it means a blow at party organization and party
discipline. Among a large class of merchants, espe
cially retailers,. the word is associated with an admin
istration of affairs which, by a series of corrections of
petty abuses, seriously injures their business. Among
the Germans 'reform' is dreaded as too often meaning
interference with personal liberty and cherished na
tional customs. So everybody is trying to get rid of
the word, although it is the best with which to de
scribe the present movement."
i — ;RQM New York City comes the report that the
I committee of fifteen charged' with the duty ot
* organizing a citizens' movement against Tam
many Hall in the approaching municipal campaign is
doing its uttermost to prevent the undertaking from
becoming known as a "reform movement." In fact,
they are seeking to get rid of the word "reform" al
together, being convinced they will have a much bet
ter chance of success if their campaign is freed from
that word and all of its associations.
UNPOPULAR REFORM MOVEMENTS.
The stock-growers of the West who are just now the
victims of criticisms because of the advance in the
price of meat would do well to send representatives
to study the effect of the leasing system in Australia
and Texas.
In Texas there has been no complaint of encroach
ment upon the rights of the agricultural settler, or of
the small stock men. The latter, especially, are bene
fited, for they secure leases and become larger own
ers through the renewal of the grasses on their lease
hold, which thereby becomes able to support more
cattle.
The increase in the number of cattle carried by a
given area of the leased range has followed a system
of rotation in feeding. Having control of his range
under a leasehold, the stock-owner follows the Aus
tralian system of changing his stock from one pan
of the range to another, permitting the pasture to re
cuperate, and especially enabling the grasses to resced
themselves. In this way the vast plains of Texas, that
were so reduced that it no longer paid to run stock on
them, have been renewed and show almost the primi
tive vigor of their grasses.
The revenue derived by the State from the leases
is large, and the stock men who pay it do so cheer
fully, and would by no means return to the free range
system.
Texas foilowcd the example of Australia, and has
thereby established an object lt-sson at home which
the producers and consumers of beef, mutton and
wool may well study.
The only increase in range cattle in the last six yeari
comes from Texas. Everywhere else the decline in
such cattle is marked, having reached 66 per cent.
This is due to the Texas policy of leasing the range
and not permitting it to be destroj-ed by use in com
mon.
TH E report of the Secretary of Agriculture takes
notice of the improvement in the cattle ranges
of Texas. Their capacity for carrying cattle had
fallen very low, through disappearance of the grasses
and other forage. Now it is rising again, so that the
range carries one-third more cattle than formerly.
THE TEXAS RANGE.
" 'How much do you get for m. tip u a
ruler
"The waiter's eyps sparkled: he robb«d
his hands together and replied:
"'Well, Kir, we generally "get at least
sixpence, but sometimes nice, genteel,
prosperous-looking gents like you gives
us a bob."
' Then what did this fellow do but put
on his hat and say:
" Thanks. I merely wanted to know
how much I was going to save by not
giving you anything.' "—Tit-Bits.
"He certainly had his mean points," laid
the tall passenger, "but I know a fellow
who could give him a discount and then
beat him at his own game. I was in a
restaurant once where this fellow was
eettingr his dinner. .After he had finished
he called the waiter who had served him
and asked:
'The meanest man I ever knew," «ald
the shore passenger, "was a fellow who
got & football and painted It to look like
a watermelon. Then during the summer
months he kept it conspicuously displayed
in his backyard and amused himself set
ting a savage bulldog on hungry people
¦who happened to take a fancy to the
boRus melon."
The Meanest Man.
Surely it is time to enact a national pure food law;
to make it sufficiently comprehensive to include all
manner of food and drink; and to enforce it with -an
undeyiating strictness.'.
The point of importance in the story, is that the poi
soning was the result of making so-called "sugar" out
of glucose and sulphuric acid. It is well known that
glucose is extensively used infa large number. of food
adulterations and the claim. has been always made that
it is harmless. The British ' have now learned that
such claims are invalid. In fact, "sophistication" has
been carried one step too far. ] The sulphuric acid
used in. sweetening the glucose has itself 'been sub
jected to sophisticating processes and. is not always
chemically pure.
"It was at first suspected that in the process of
dressing the hops arsenic might have been derived
from the sulphur employed, but it is now evident that
the source of the poison is to be found in the sulphuric
acid employed in the preparation o( the glucose or
sugar now largely used in the making of beer/ The
glucose is made from maize, rice and other plant
products which contain much starch. It is boiled with
the acid, as an ordinary' practice, and if the acid is not
chemically pure, its arsenical constituents are bound
to be addedvto the sugar, and hence must necessarily
contaminate the beer. The remedy is obvious—name
ly, the use of chemically pure acid only. It is a little
disturbing, I confess, to'fihd arsenic cropping up so
often of late days -in unexpected -places. Recently
phosphate of soda Supplied to certain chemists, and
widely used as an antacid and aperient, was found to
be dangerously contaminated with this poison. But'
tHe occurrence of the cases under notice will have
one good result in serving as a warning against
future danger and in promoting the manufacture of
chemically pure products."
After some further statements concerning the his
tory of the cases and citing others of a similar charac
ter scattered over a wide region of country, Dr. Wil
son returned to the cause of the evil and said:
In aVecent issue of the London Chronicle Dr. Rob
ert Wilson, an eminent authority on such subjects,
discussed the matter and gave*' what' may be regarded
as an authentic account of it! He says certain physi
cians in Manchester "met with a number of cases of
an affection which is known to men as
'neuritis,' a term indicating nervous disturbance of a
fairly, definite order and usually produced by certain
causes, among which excess in alcohol stands out in
due prominence." Investigation showed that the
beer-drinkers affected in the cases under considera
tion had notused'an excessive quantity, and accord
ingly the beer was tested for poisons, with the result
ing discovery that it contained arsenic.
f~* REAT BRITAIN has just had a lesson in the
I """I evil results of sophisticated food stuffs that is
very nearly as important to us as it is to the
British, for in this country the science and the prac
tice of such sophistications are carried just about' as
far as in any other land in the world. The British
lesson has been derived from the recent "beer poison
ings," as they are called; which have taken place in
and around Manchester, and of which somewhit
exaggerated reports have been widely published.
ARSENIC IN BRITISH BEER.
FASHION HINTS FROM PARIS.
Wiilie — Just one more question, pa. Our
Sunday school teacher says I'm made of
dust. Am I? •
Pa— I guess not. If you were you'd dry
up once in a while.— Philadelphia Press>.
"Did you reprimand the typewriter girl
for her pert remarks to the bookkeeper?"
"Yes: I gave her to understand that she
couldn't be impudent to anybody in this
office except the proprietor."— Chicago
Record.
"Well, he seems to fiddle his time
eway ani she certainly is quite a
harper."— Philadelphia Bulletin.
"Are your brother and his wife musi
cal?"
"I saw one of t*.ese new movin* stair
ways in Nevr York last weak."
"That isn't so much I saw a rollinff
prairie In Kansas last year."— Denver
News.
"I understand," said the reporter, "that
the defaulter's method was very simple."
"Very," said the bank official, with a
sigh. "He just took the money."— Puck.
"Was it a valuable watch you lost,
madam?"
"Valuable! All five of my children cut
their teeth on It."— Chicago Record.
The Restaurant Keeper— I see some fool
doctor says pie is not fit to eat.
The Regular Victim— Does he eat here?
— Indianapolis Press.
CHANCE TO SMtLE
In some Instances the explosive, sound
is so strong that it can be plainly heard at
a distance of more than two feet. The
force of the sound waves, when delivered
directly Into the ear, particularly In tho,
case of those whose auditory organs are
more than ordinarily sensitive, may be
Imagined. It is possible, however, that
electricians may devise some [ means
whereby the present cause of complaint
may be lessened, if not entirely overcome.
In the telephone stations where large
numbers of men and girls are employed
to attend to calls made. by subscribers no
great complaint has been made, for the
reason that the operators do not >jet
as severe an effect from the concussion as
do the subscribers at the other end of the
wires.
the hearing:, but seriously affects the
nerves of many persons, and may in some
instances finally result In serious nervous
disease.
IN time to come, and that time not
. far off, we may have, In addition to
the present bodily Us known as the
"bicycle face" and the "golf arm," a
• far more serious ailment than these
in what will be designated the "telephone
ear," partial deafness having in some
cases been brought about by the use of
the 'telephone.
Nearly every person who has had.occa
sion to use the telephone has no doubt
suffered the annoyance and lnconvience
caused by the cracking or mlnlatureexplo
sions frequently heard in the receiver.
This trouble has greatly increased since
the introduction . of what -is termed by
electricians tho "relay" or "common bat
tery" system. 'by means of which the ne
cessity of ringing up "central" is avoided,
• the subscriber simply lifting the receiver
from its catch, which action conveys the
signal to- the -central -office. -
The interrupted tound not only injures
Many benefits are therefore likely to be derived
from the proposed ordinance, and Supervisor Booth
is to be congratulated for having been so prompt to
perceive the moral of the lesson taught by the storm
in that respect.
It is to be borne in: mind, moreover, that such
fences are to be condemned for other reasons than
that of the danger with Which they menace the pub
lic. They are unsightly and offensive in themselves.
They mar the appearance. of a city, and not infre
quently they are injurious to the business value of ad
"jcining property. Sometimes they even delay the con
struction of buildings, for when persons who have
bought lots for speculative purposes find they can
erect an advertising fence and derive from it a revenue
sufficient to pay taxe3, they will keep the property un
improved much longer than would otherwise be the
case.
The lesson of the gale teach-es, that high fences are
dangerous when erected along the sidewalks. It was
due to good fortune more than to anything else that a
considerable number of people were not seriously in
jured when so many of the rickety. structures were
blown down by the winds. It is certainly advisable
to take no such risks in the future, and consequently
Mr. Booth's proposed ordinance should" be reported
favorably from the committee and unanimously
adopted.
For some years there has been a vigorous campaign
of education on this subject in every progressive city
in the Union. From New, York, Chicago, Philadel
phia and. Boston alike come reports from time to
time of efforts made to abolish the nuisance. These
efforts sooner or later will-be crowned with success,
and it is to be hoped San Francisco will be -a leader
and not a laggard in the movement ,-.
SHOULD'the lesson taught by the recent gale that
swept over this' city have the effect of inducing
the Supervisors' to enact the ordinance intro
duced by Supervisor Booth restricting sidewalk fences
to a height not exceeding seven feet, the community
will find thayhe storm has been profitable in more
ways than, one. ;The high, fence is among the Worst
nuisances of American cities. It has' been' already too
long tolerated, and it is full time to put an end to it.
THE HIGH FENCE NUISANCE.
WEDNESDAY ....DECEMBER 19, iooo
JOHN D. SPRECKELS^ Proprietor.
Li&ttt* All C«KicK&i3»tie&s ta W. S. LEASE. M»miger.
MASACI'K'S OFFICE Telf pliooe Press »O4
PUBLICATION OFFICE... Market nnd Third, S. F.
Telephone PreftH SOI.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 21T to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Pre«« 2O2.
Delivered br Carrier*. 15 Cent* Per Week.
Btaarlc Coplra, r. Cen«».
Term* foj- Mnll. Including Pontagret
DAILY CALL (Ineiudinjc Funday), cne year $6.00
DAILY CALL (inrlrsdinK Sunday). « months 300
DAILY CAI.A. <lnc!udin# Sunday). S month* 1-60
DAILT CALL-Ry s?fn K > Month 63c
FVXDAY CALL. One Year *' M
WEEKLY CALL, On* Year 100
All postmaster* are nnfhnrlzed to reeelve
Kalmrrl ptlnna.
Fampl? coj>!c« will tv forwarded wfc«i requested.
Mail 6i:bfrril)er? in ordering chans* of addVess fhould be
particular to eiv* both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS in order
to jn*ure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE. HIS Broadway
w
C. GEORGE KROG.XESS.
Xtugtt r«rt:ga Adrtrtititg, Taronttte Boildicg. Chicago,
• l>-rc Distance Telephone •'Central 2619.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C CAnLTO\ Herald S<*uarc
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
&TEPIIEX U. SMITH 30 Tribune DnlldliiR
NEW YORK KEVS STANDS:
"Waldorf-AFtoria. Hotel; A. Erentano. SI Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STA2CDS:
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
\VASHI\GTOX tD. C.) OFFICE. . . .1400 G St., X. \V.
MOHTOV 12. CHAXK, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES 'SI Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
ur.ll! >:S0 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:S0 o'clock. 631
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larkln. open until
>:J0 o'clock. 1S41 Mission, open until 19 o'clock. ZXl Market,
corner Sixteenth. o;»j until 9 o'clock. 1CSS Valencia, open ¦
ur.tll * o'clock. 106 eleventh. oren until 9 o'clock. SW. cor
ner Twenty-second ar.d Kentucky, cpen until • o'clock.
M. Takenchl and T. Hagura, who are
connected with the Royal University in
Japan, are at the Occidental. They have
been making a tour of the Eastern col
leges, and will return home on the next
boat.
Nathaniel Hathaway, a ¦wealthy resident
of New Suffolk, X. Y.. with his family,
srrived at the Palace yesterday, and will
spend a part of the winter here.
J. M. Walthall, District Attorney of
Stanislaus County, la registered at th©
Lick from Modesto.
G. McM. Ross, a Virginia City minimi
man. is among the late arrivals at tho
Occidental.
P. A. St^r.ton. a prominent Los Angeles
real estate and insurance mun. is at the
Grand.
Sheriff T. 31. Brown of Eureka 13 at tho
Russ.
Dr. C. P. Thomas of Spokane Is at tha
Grand.
D. P. Durst of Wheatland 13 at tho
Grand.
William Meicalf. a Nelson Point miner,
Is at the Ruas.
Dr. H. P. Stanley of San Miguel Is reg
istered at the R-sg.
P. H. Sexton, a Montana mining man. 13
at the California.
D vight Hollister. a Courtland rancher,
is stoppinc: at the Grand. 58SB
Dr. A. H. Sweeney of Fresno registered
at • the Grand last evenlne.
Dr. E. J. Parmtr.a prominent New York
surgeon, Is at the Occidental.
Ex-Congressman James A. Louttlt of
Stockton is registered at the LJck.
Captain E. E. Calne. a Seattle steam
boat owner, Is at the Palace.
PERSONAL MENTION.
a good government to regulate the whole domain of
morality; The persistence of men in uniting' good
government movements with various moral reforms
enables corrupt politicians to win in almost . every
encounter.' The committee now : aranging for ¦ the
fight. for genuine political and administrative reform
in New York is not going to make th'aV mistake this
time, and ; consequently the prospect of the over
throw of Tammany is better than it has been for. many
a year.' . ' ' $gi%££v0.
The coming year, promises to be an exceptionally
good one for big yacht races. Boston is to build a
boat to compete against that of Ne\t York for the
honor of defending the America's cup against Sham
rock II; and the race between the home rivals will be
hardly less exciting than that against the British
yacht.
We are quite sure that such action would finally rc
dound to the honor of American Christianity, and
would cause the Chinese to receive our missionaries
with favor in all places where they may properly go.
It is to be hoped that the va-ious American mis
sionary societies will call attention to this forgery in
tneir coming meetings this winter by refusing to send
missionaries into the Middle Kingdom at all, giving
as a reason that in the treaty of i860 China did not
intend to grant, nor France and England to exact,
permission for them to go there.
Suppose that our treaty with China upon which the
exclusion act is based had been forged out of shape
by providing that coolies may come and may become
citizens, how long would this country have permitted
it to go unprotested and uncorrected?
Cardinal Vaughan evidently has in mind the bene
fit that will follow if :he other nations treat China
as they would each other. Not one of them would
for a day endure aggression under protection of a
forged clause in a treaty.
We are of opinion that the future position of the
missionaries in that country, and the future relations
of the Western powers to that empire, .would be much
improved if this forgery were confessed and the wrong
righted.
The Cardinal's view is so reasonable, coming from
a leader in the greatest of the missionary churches,
that it will call attention to the fact that missionary
work in China has been made for all the future more
risky and less useful by the forgery of the treaty and
the seizure of territory. It would have added to the
strength of his pastoral letter if he had frankly told
the story of the forgery, and put to the conscience of
the Christian world the question whether it can afford
to rest its rights in China upon a crime.
The literati and diplomats of China became aware
of this forgery, but were powerless to correct it.
Knowledge of its existence spread among the people,
and they came to look upon the missionaries bad
people, who-had invaded their country under protec
tion of the crime of forgery. Therefore they were
minded to treat them as having no business there, just
a* in California the Chinese are treated in various lo
calities where they have been robbed and in some
cases killed.
In his view the trouble began when Germany
seized Chinese territory as indemnity for the murder
of two missionaries in Shantung. The Chinese saw
in that act that they must submit to the overthrow of
their system of morality and ethics or pay territory as
the price of resistance. The Cardinal might have
gone still further back 'for a beginning of the current
troubles. They began when a French missionary
forged into the treaty of i860 a clause permitting the
missionaries to penetrate the Middle Kingdom. When
that treaty was made neither France nor England
contemplated any privileges for the missionaries out-,
side of the treaty ports, and their copies of the treaty
were innocent of the forged clause which the criminal
missionary interpolated into tlie Chinese treaty.
f-* ARDINAL VAUGHAN has issued a pastoral
( letter on the Chinese question to the English
Bishops of the Catholic church. The Cardinal
regrets that the conduct of the Western powers, no
tably Russia and Germany, has caused the Boxer out
break and identifies Christianity and politics in the
Chinese mind.
CARDINAL VAUGHAN'S OPINION.
"TELEPHONE EAR" IS
THE LATEST AILMENT
Serious Impairment of Hearing Threatens Users of
Relay Instruments With Explosive Receivers. \
THE SAK ¦FRANCISCO CALL,; WEDNESDAY;; DECEMBER 19, 1900.
The costume represented is of mixed
gray ' camel's hair cloth. . The corsage
opens down the front and is trimmed with
narrow bands of black velvet, held by
steel buttons. The skirt is flat and
trimmed with a finely pleated flouncev of
velvet on the cross, ornamented in the
stMle of- the corsage.
CAMEL'S HAIR CLOTH COSTUME.
The mantle represented. Is of beaver
colored velvet, made In wide flat pleats.
It is trimmed with passementerie and
chenille to match, mixed with silver
thread. The -collar and trlmmlnjr of tne
front are of gray fox, the lining of straw
colored satin.
BEAVER COLORED VELVET
' MANTLE.
r- A °^ Y * EASO>I *• '¦ P«H»l«e* at H oUl del
Coronado.; Coronado. Cal.. this winter with a
oily houwful. w expert golf tournament, me.*
ing of field. trlala club. 1 hunting. a*hlng "o»t
in*. <Unclng. etc . . .»e*i-
6
AUCTION SALES.
By Edward S. (?pe*r & Co. — Thursday, Friday and Satur-
diiy. et 11 o'clock a. m.. at ll-ZZ Sutter street. Bcoks.
By Sullivan & Doyle— Friday, December 21. at 11 o'clock.
Carriage?. Buggies, etc., at censer Natoma and New Mont-
romerj* Etreete.
AMUSEMENTS.
California— "Ole Olscn."
Orrheutn— Van deville.
Grand Opera-hous*— "A Tale of Two Citlee."
Al(-tur-"lladimf Butterfly."
Columbia— "The Duke's JeFter."
Tivoll— "Cinderella."
Central Theater— "The Heart of Maryland," Saturday night
O'ympia. corner Mason and Eddy »tr*et«— Specialties.
Chutes, Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
•veninr-
Flfchprs— Vaudeville.
03d Fellows' Hall-Fwtival.
Tanforan Park— Races to-day.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
CONSU MPT I ON
begins and leaves off in thous-
ands of people, who never sus-
pect it. It isn't much more
than.ra pimple — indeed it is a
a pimple — lung pimple.
Health, all round it, stops
it- -just as a skin pimple gets
stopped.
How to get that health all
round it : take Scott's emulsion
of cod-liver oil and be careful.
We'll tend you a liltle to try it you Hke.
fcCOIT £ liOVVNE, *-, rculii/t.t, N»wYor!i.Sun rises ~. T:20
Sun sets i:*3
Moon rises ...........~ 8:02 a. m.
TO SAIL.
Steamer Movements.
NOTE— In tbe above, .exposition of the tides
tbe early morning; tides ars given in the left
band column and tho successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time of
day, tbe third tlirwa column gives the last
tide of the day, except whan there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are in addition to) the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height, and
then the number given Is subtracted from the
depth riven by the charts. The plane of refer
ence Is the mean . of the lower low waters.
TO ARRIVE.
New York Club < Men
Never think of ordering: any Ale or Stout but
EVANS"." Tbe choicest brewings." All dealers. *
Captain Harde and A. P. Mordaunt, on
tho steam tug Milton, made a grrewsome
discovery yesterday morning. They paid
a visit to the schooner Carrie and Annie,
which was. lying. at anchor In the stream.
As they approached the schooner they
shouted for the watchman, an old man
named W. B. Barnes, but they failed to
elicit a response. Drawing still nearer
they saw the body of the old watchman
hanging over the side of a small skiff
belonging to the schooner, his head dip
ping in the water.
without loss of time they took the
.body aboard • the tug and ¦* attempted to
resuscitate It, but after laboring for more
than half an hour they gave up the task,
being convinced, that the man bad died
.before they had seen him. .
The : Coroner was • notified and • the body
-was removed to the Morgue. It Is thought
that Barnes was seized with a fit or
fainting spell and fell over the side. of
the skiff. He was a bachelor about 63
years old,' and lived at 2006 Powell street.
OLD MAN PAINTS IN A
. BO WBOAT AND DB0W2TS
Untimely Death of W. . B. Barnes,
Watchman of the Schooner Car
rie and Ati Tile.
Branch Hydrographlo Office, TJ. 8. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
December IS, 1900.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at I
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. O. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander, 17. S. N., In chars*.
Time Ball.
Moted Nevada Health Besort Will Not
Have to Go Out of Business.
RENO, Nev., Dec 18.— Steamboat
Springs are again belching forth boiling
trater after several days of quietude
caused by the recent earthquake. All but
one of the springs have resumed their ac
tivity. All efforts on the- main spring
¦ have so far failed, but the proprietors say
It Is but a matter of a few days till It
¦will buret forth. - Dynamite was used to
cause a return of activity.
SPBJ3TGS RESTTOIE ACTIVITY.
Corliss BilL
PHH*ADEL.PHIA.. Dec. IS.— <Jovernment
ownership of a Pacific cable was discussed
last nig-ht by the members of the Manu
facturers' Club. Brigradler General Gree
ly. United States chief signal officer, ani
Dr. E. J. Kennealey. president of the
American Irjstitute of Electrical Engi
neers, participated In the discussion. T.
E. Hughes of this city emphasized the
military and strategic necessity. He esti
mated the cost for 7T&9 nautical miles at
510.Oo0.000. requiring an earning capacity of
$925,000 a year. The cable tolls of the War
Department alone, however, it was point
ed out, have averaged monthly a rate of
more than So^.OcO, and at current rates
the projected cable need be in operation
less thELii an hour a day to earn the $325,
©00.
General Greely said: "The cable expe
riences of the War Department in connec
tion with the relief of the legations at
Peking point clearly to the tremendous
disadvantages under which the United
Prates without its own facilities would la
bor in case of an extended war In the
East. An American tranE-Padflc cable ia
a military ar.d commercial necessity if
our colonial possessions are to be retained
or if American interests are to be safe
guarded in Asiatic countries. The great
value of a cable is more especially for the
restoring- of order In new colonies and to
facilitate commercial enterprises.""
The club adopted a resolution approving
the Corliss bill.
Maanlacturers' Club of Philadelphia
Adopts Resolution Approving:
PAVOB GOVERNMENT
OWNERSHIP OP CAJBLE
POINT liOBOS. Dec 18—10 p. m.— Weather
tofgy. wind south, velocity 6 milea. r., -
SPOKEN.
Nov tl, lot 7.47 S, long 21.23 W— Br ship
*4Vlndsor Park, hence July 23, for Queenstown.
MISCELLANEOUS.
LONDON. Dec 17— Br Bhip Kougomont
grounded In Newcastle, Australia, but after
ward got off and ' proceeded. £>amage,lf any,
not ascertained. ,r""r bark F"arth bank, at Car
diff, was In collision with stmr Esturris. tbe
latter eu»talnin«;.dama»-»-to bridge and other
Deo : U--Anlved, whailn**
TELEGRAPHIC.
Tuesday. X>*e. U.
Stmr QiDsy. Leland. Santa. Crut.
Btmr Bonita, Nopanfier. San Pedro.
Stmr City of Para. Zeeder. Panama.
Stmr Aroata. Nelson, Coos Bay.
Stmr St Paul. Hays, Panama.
Br ship SDrtnKburn, Crosthwalte, London.
Fr berk Marguerite Meilnos. Porcher, Queens
jwn.
Bktn Wrettler, Nielsen, Lahalna.
Schr H C Wright, Nielsen. Kahulul.-
SAILED.
Tuesday, X>*a. IS.
G«r stirr Hathor, Voes, Hamburg and way
ports; J D Bpreckels & Bros Co.
6tmr Bt Paul. Hays, Panama and way ports;
Paiiama. R R AS S tdn*.
etmr Qoeen. Thomas. San Dtogo; Ooodall.
Perkins & Co. -
Etmr City of Para, Zeder, Panama and way
; ports; Pacific Mail S S Co.
Tuesday, Deo. II,
Btmr Centennial. Kagles. 1 days from Seattle.
6tmr O W Elder. Randall, 100 hours from
Portland, via Astoria 89 hours.
Br Btmr Robert Adamson, Morgan, t days
from Nanaimo.
Br ship Wayfarer. Topmaa, 141 days from
Hamburg.
CLEARED.
Shipping: Intelligence.
es 7M rals wine.
For South America— 10 bxs apples, 492 gals
brandy, CS cs canned goods, $¦$ colls cordage, 6
rs candles. 10,780 lbs eodflsh, 1872 lbs dried
fruit. 6126 bbls flour. 45 pkgs groceries and pro
rlslons, 7 rolls leather, 10 cs oil. 28 crs onions,
100 crs potatoes, 10 bxs raisins, 20 cs soap, 2071
:s salmon, 55,163 lbs tallow. 60 cs 8833 gals wine,
» cs 2 kegB whisky.
In transit— 2,126,000 lbs lead concentrates, val
ied at tes.&SO.
For Havre— 1E6.F31 lbe tallow. £6.000 lbs dried
rrult.
For Antwerp— 208,680 lbs tallow, 1025 cs
:ar.n»d fruit, 100 cs canned salmon.
For Germany— 125 sks shells, 60 cs canned
¦rult. 6 cs wine, 3390 lbs beeswax. 230.C90 lbfl
Allow, 112,623 lbs grease.
For London— 27,056 lbs coffee. ESS ski easeara
*avre, $14,343; for Antwerp. $14,104; for L*>n
ion. $5100; for Germany, 121,744. Among tbe
>rincipel shipments were the following:
For Central America— 210 rals bottled beer,
4 cs coal oil, 40 cs caps and fuse. 774 cs dyna
nlte. 10 cs drugs. TOO lbs dried fruit, 160 bbls
lour. 30 pkgs groceries and provisions, t crs
nachinery. 2 cs oil, 4 crs onions, 40 kegs 40 cs
poffdtr, 40 crs potatoes, i flasks quicksilver, E
The Koemos line steamship Hathor sailed
resterday for Hamburg via Central and South
America with a general cargo valued at flOS,
179, manifested as follows: For Central Amer
ica, $13,005; for South America, 940,181; for
"Departure of the Eosmos X»iner.
The steamship City of Para sailed yasterday
for Panama, and way ports with a general car
go manifested as follows: For Central Ameri
ca, t32,£22; for Mexico, 120,894; for Panama,
K277. Total. J5S.S03. The following were the
principal shipments: , .
For Central America— 66 bxs . apples. . 169 ea
coal oil. IS pkgs Chlneseprovlsions, 11 bctlg
cordage, 10 bbla cement, ST cs dry goods, 1740
lbe dried fruit, S001 bbla flour, S06 pkgs groceries
and provisions, 200 kegs powder, 242,365 fflum
ber, 900 lbs lard, 110 pkgs machinery, 5S.C33 lbs
malt, 14 bdls o&rs, 13 cs oil. 6 bbls olives. » era
onions, 440 crs potatoes, £9 bdls pipe. CO | bbls
pitch. 2 cs photo goods. 16 cs paint. 2S4S rail
road ties, 10 kegs staples, 10 bdls spices, 4 bbls
27 cs tar, S chests tea, 7 cs turpentine. 67,521 lbs
tallow. E62 gals wine, 104 cs whisky. £00 reels
wire.
Fcr Mexico — 8 ea assay goods, SI bxs- apples,
16 cs arms and ammunition, 18 pkgs ship chan
dlery. 40 bbls cement, 4 coils cordagre, 60 cs coal
oil. 20 cs candles, S tons coke, 18 cs Chinese
goods, 23 cs drugs, S6 cs dry goods, 9 cs elec
trical goods, 1C cs firecrackers, 628 bbls flour.
Z5i pkgs groceries and provisions, 7 bdls hose,
107 cs hardware, 90 bdls Iron. 11. 154 ft lumber,
7 ere machinery, S7 kegs nails, 11 crs onions,
S9 cs paint, 45 crs potatoes, 100 flasks quick
silver. 40 bbls rosin. 23 cs stationery, 1000 lbi
sago, 3000 lbs rulphats of copper, 7123 lbs soda,
17 chests tea, 53 bxs vegetables, 10 cs 2244 gals
wine, 1 bbl 20 cs whisky.
For Panama— 450 lbs codfish. 1000 lbs rice. 20
cs salmon, 375 bbls flour, 120 crs onions. 100 crs
potatoes. 43 pkgs Chinese provisions. 818 . lbs
beans. 10 cs oil. SCC2 lbs mlllstufTs, 676 lbs
rup-ar, 25 pkgs groceries and provisions, 80 bdls
shocks, 10 bxs apples, 7500 gals wine, 6 ere
wagon material. . /
In transit— 156 cs rliks, 6 cs crude opium, EC8
cs prepared meats, 20 mats rice, 47 bdls spice,
30 chests tea, 6 bdls matting. Value. $7310.
City of Para's Cargo*
The Alsterkamp (at San IMego) loads wheat
at Portland for Europe, 43s. prior to arrival; the
Crown of England, wheat at this port for
Europe, 42s 6d, prior to arrival; the Expansion,
lumber on Pugret Sound for Sydney, Els Sd, op
tion of Melbourne or Adelaide^ Us 9d. or Port
Plrie, E7» €d. prior to arrival; the Queen, lum
ber at Port Gamble for Kallua; the S. >J.
Castle, merchandise for Honolulu. Th« Crown
of Scotland is chartered for ¦wheat tofEurope.
SSs fid. •
Merchandise for New York.
The steamship St. Paul sailed yesterday for
Panama with the following oargo l >yalued at
178.107. manifested to New York: " .
424 bbls osphaltum, 13 cs household roods, T
cs hardware. 60 flasks quicksilver, 295 bale*
rags, 15 bales old rubber, 3 bales - sponges, S
Iron tanks, 26 cs 226,854 pal» wine.
Shipping Merchants.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
HEWS OF THE OCEAN.
A new order has been Issued by the
Government, and there Is much discontent
among the ladles In consequence. Until
the Volunteers are all safely home no
women will be allowed to travel on the
transports. Females who want to come
home or go to Manila will for some
months to come have to patronize the
mall steamers.
Chief Officer Goodall of the Hancock has
resigned and Second Officer Angers has
been promoted to the vacancy.
There was a short strike on the Law
ton yesterday. Many of the crew demand
a "shore allowance" besides their pay
and Uncle Sam won't pay It The trans
port is receiving an overhauling and the
boys eay they should get their pay and
"meal money" as well until the repairs
are made. There are about 150 men clam
oring for the strikers' places, so the whole
matter will probably be adjusted to-day.
A dispatch to the Merchants' Exchange
states that the steamer Newsboy went
ashore near Fort Bragg yesterday, but
was floated off without being injured.
Water Front Notes.
The British ships Dltton and Crown of
England made port early yesterday morn
ing and both masters report very heavy
weather outside. The Dltton took a pilot
aboard December 12 and then had to
stand off chore. In attempts to make the
north channel a number of sails were
blown away and the captain finally de
cided that a towboat was cheaper than
canvas and came in behind a tug.
The Crown of England • bad most of
her heavy weather off the Platte. She
did not reach the bar until the 15th and
then took a pilot and since then she has
been strfhdlng on and off, awaiting a
chance to come in.
All coasting steamers have made long
trips and some of them have still to be
heard from.
in Making Fort.
REPORT HEA.VY "WEATHER.
British Ships Have Some Difficulty
There are about eighty-six Asiatics on
the Government transport Hancock and
every one of them tv«l be shipped back: to
China on the Coptic next Friday. Uncle
Sam has been trying to get rid of his
Mongolian labor tor many months, but
the difficulty of getting good men to fill
their places has caused a delay. On Fri
day morning flfty-slx white firemen and
coal passers will replace the Chinese and
about thirty .waiters will take the places
of the Mongolians In the saloon. .' As a
result of these changes the Hancock. will
have an entire white crew and the Coptic
will have an additional eighty-six passen
gers all of whose passages will be paid
by Uncle Sam.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
etmr Feariesi. from whaling cruise, bound to
San Francisco. Put In for coal and provision*.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Dec 17— Schr
Queen, from Port Townsend.
COOS BAY— Barbound Dec 17— Stmr Empire.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Deo 17— Schr C 8
Holme*, from Seattle; schr lieu 1 ah. from
Umpqui River; schr Alcalde, from Port Blake-
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Deo 17— Schr Rob
ert Lewere, from Honolulu.
PORT BL.AKEL.EY— Arrived Oeo 7— Br stmr
Carmartheashlre, rrom Port Gamble, and sailed
Dec 15 for Port Plrte.
EUREKA— Sailed Deo 18— Stmr Eamoa; stmr
Santa Barbara, etmr Aberdeen, atmr CharlM
Nelson, » stmr • North Fork, strnr Brunswick,
lor San Francisco. Arrived— Schr Eureka, from
Honolulu; Btmr Dureka, hence Dec 17.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Deo 18— Ger bark
Antirone, from Santa Rosalia.
HADLOCK— Sailed Dec lS-Bchr Golden
Shore, for Melbourne.-
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Deo 15— Br stmr
Hyson, from Shlmonosekl.
EAST SAN PEDRO— Sailed Dec 1»— Stmr Geo
Loomls, for Ean Francisco.
ASTORIA-Arrlved Dec 18-Nir »tmr Thyra,
from Manila. Bailed " Deo 18— Stmn Fulton,
Del Norte. Despatch and South Portland, for
Ben Francisco.
HADLOCK— Balled Deo IS— Schr Dora Bluhra.
for Eon Francisco.
PORT LUDLOW-Safled Dec 18-flchr Maria
EL Smith, for Hllo; bark Kiikitat for Hono
lulu.
SAX DIEOO— Sailed Deo 18— fitmrs laqua. and
"Weet port, for San Frandsoo.
EUREKA— Arrived Deo IS— Stmr Homer and
EChr Fortune, hence Deo 17.
FOREIGN PORTS.
NAGASAKI— Balled Deo IS— Stmr CUUornlaa.
for Ban Francisco.
ilAZATLAX-Salled Deo 15-Stmr Colon, tot
Ban Francisco. . .
ACAPULCO-Sailed Deo 16— Stmr Tit of Syd
ney^for Panama.
SYDNEY— Arrived prior to Deo IS— Stmr Ua
rtoosa. hence Nov 22.
DUNKIRK— Arrived Deo 17— Br ship Mount
Btuart, from Seattle.
CalLao— Soiled Deo 16— Br ship Tamar, for
Port Townsend.
HAMBURG— Sailed Deo 15— Ger ship Kader
land, for B&nta Rosalia.
MANILA— Sailed Deo 15— Stmr Oonemaagh,
for Ban Francisco.
QUEBNSTOWN— Balled Deo 18— Br ship O
darbank, for Cardiff.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Deo 13— Ocr ship Flott
bek, for Port Townsend. ¦ Arrived Deo ¦ l»— Bt
stmr Doric, henoa Nov 28.
HAMBURG— Sailed Nov 24-Br ship Eurasia,
for Ban Francisco. •
VICTORIA— Passed out Deo 1»— Br stmr Vlo
torla, from Oyrter Harbor, for San JYandsoot
stmr San Bias, from Nanaimo, for San Fran
cisco- Passed up— Vsssel believed to be Br «tmr
Royalist, from Java, for Vanoouver.
OCEAN 1 STEAMERS.
BTDNBT, N S W— Arrived previous to Deo
18— Stmr Mariposo, from, Ban Francisco, via
Honolulu and Auckland.
BOULOGNB-Arrived Dec 18— Stmr Potts
<3am, from New York, for Rotterdam.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Deo 18— Stmr Sylranla,
for Boston.
ITEW YORIO-Salled Deo X»— Stmr Kaiser
Wilhelm. II, for Naples, etc
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetlo Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to Ban
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at the
city front (Mission-street wharf) about twenty
five minutes later than at Fort Point; the
height of tide is the same at both places.
MAMLlA, Dec. 18.— Lieutenant Herbert
X*. Evans of the I\>rty-fourth Volunteer
Infantry, with fifty men, attacked, on De
cember 12, several hundred boloxnen and
fifty insurgents armed with rifles, occupy
ing an -entrenched position at Tonoxlgan,
island of Cebu. The Americans had three
men wounded and the enemy lost twelve
Jellied and many wounded.
The Eleventh Cavalry, which 1» to fol
low the Thirty-seventh Volunteer Regi
ment, will be transferred here from Ca
rr-arinefl province and will Ball January
15 on the Meade.
The Thlrty-Bixth Regiment, which be
ran service the earliest In July, 1S33, la
now in th« province of Hollo, but will b©
transported here eoon.
The officers of the refrular army holding
commission*, la volunteer regiments will
be retained In the Philippines and volun
teer oficers oa special duty will be re
lieved only oa tho authority of head-
Quarters.
Anns, ammunition, ecrolpnient, stores
and animals will b» transferred to divi
sion headquarters, excepting' a hundred
nnes and a hundred cartridge belts and
5000 round* of ammunition per regiment.
The men will retain their haversacks and
utensils.
Volunteers desiring to leave the service
and remain In the Philippines will be al
lowed to do eo. Enlisted natives will be
diecharged.
It is believed that the temporary deple
tion of many posts and the checking of
operations will result In renewed lneur
gent activity.
The announcement this afternoon of the
early commencement of transportation
home of the volunteers caused surprise.
General Huphes reports that 21.0&0 per
sons In the Island of Par.ay have sworn
allegiance to the United States.
MANILA, Dec. IS.— Th« volunteer regi
ment* • will proceed to the United States
to t>e mustered out In practically the sain*
order as they arrived In the islands. They
•will be replaced by regulars provided by
the army bill. Th» Thirty-seventh Volun
teer Regiment, which la to begin the
homeward movement by embarking on
New Year's day, was brought from the
Lafi^ca de Bay district and will 6all on
the transport Sheridan. The women and
elck soldiers who were to sail on the
Sheridan will leave on the "Warren Sat
urday.
TS-oops in. tlie Field in tlie Philippines
Are Now Being Drawn In
for the Return
H"onm.
Will Occur in the Order of
Thtir Terms of
Service.
MUSTER OUT
OF VOLUNTEERS
Uncle Sam's Transports Now Rid of Asiatic
Labor— British Ships Meet With
Rough Weather.
CHINESE ON HANCOCK
WILL BE SENT HOME
Tiii^ toA^. Kii^JS '^I&vyU ¦ 'y'uJk;-^., V.iwl^'Al'-, iyiiOl-^^iiit il», U--->.
WEaDXESDAT. DECEMBER lfl.
7
{3 Timef Time • Time Time
» Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
SfLW H W IiW HW
1» ... 2:83 8.1 8:53 8.7 4:04 —0.2 11:18 4.1
20... 8:18 8.1 9:23 '6.8 4:39 —0.6 11:58 4.3
Jtt ... 4K)€ 8.2 10:05 6.9 8:16—0.7.
HW L. W HW LW
22... 0:S5 4.6 4:62 3.2 10:48 5.9 5:55-0.8
£8 ... 1:14 4.8 6:40 8.1 11:83 6.8 6:32—0.7
H ... 1:50 6.0 6:33 8.0 12:22 6.6 7:13—0.4
25... 8:29 6.1 7:29 '2.8 1:17 6:3 7:56—0.1
Steamer.
Destination. I
Balls.
Pier.
Alliance ... Portl'd&C.B. Dec. 19. lam
Pomona ... Humboldt..... Dec. Jfl. 3pm
Q. W. Elder Portland '. Deo. 19, 11 am
Queen Fan Diego.... Dec. 19,- 9 am
San Pedro.. Humboldt Dec. 19, 10 am
Samoa Humboldt Dec. 20, 10 am
Argo Coquille Rlv.. Dec. 20, 10 am
Uandalay . Coquille Rlv.. Dec. 20, 10 am
Empire Coos Bay Deo. 20, 12 m
C. Nelson... Seattle .fcTaco Dec. 21,
North Fork Humboldt Dec. 21, 9 am
Corona .... Newport Dec. 21, 9 am
Nemo City. Seattle Deo. 21, B pa
Coptic Chlna&Japan Deo. 22, 1 pro
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Dec. 23, 2 pm
Umatllla .. Vlo & Pgt Bd. Dec. 22. 11 am
Eureka ....Humboldt Dec 22, 9am
Fulton Astoria &Ptld Dec. 22, 4 pm
Rainier Beat&N.Wha Dec. 22, B pm
Santa Rosa San Dieso . ... Dec. S3, Sam
Columbia. '.. Portland Dec. 24, 11am
Neko Hambg&Way Dec. 24,
Kcwburg .. Grays Harbor Deo. 24,
Rival WlllapaHar.. Deo. 24
O. Dollar... Grays Harbor D«o. 24
Pier 20
Pier 9
Pier 24
Pier 11
Pier S
Pier 2
Pier —
Pier S
PlerU
Pier 2
Pier I
Pier 11
Pier —
PMSS
Pier -I
Pier 9
Pier IS
Pier —
Pier a
Pier 11
Pier 24
Pier 7
Pier —
Pier —
[Pier —
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Nome City Seattle Dee. 19
Rainier Seattle &NewWnatcom Deo. 19
Corona Newport Dec 19
Mat tea wan .... Tacoma ~...^ Deo. 19
Crescent City.. Crescent City Deo. 20
Santa Rosa .... San Diego Deo. 20
San Bias Nanatmo Dec. 20
Point Arena... Point Arena Deo. 20
Eureka Humboldt Dec. 20
Fulton Portland and Astoria... Deo. 20
Del Norte Portland and Coos Bay. Deo. 21
Colon Panama &\Vay Ports... Dec. 21
Newbori? Grays Harbor Deo. 21
Zealandla' Honolulu Dec. 21
Columbia Portland « Dec. 21
Rival ..' Wlllapa Harbor Dec. 21
Grace Dollar... Grays Harbor Dec. 21
Robert Dollar.. Seattle Deo. 22
America Maru. China and Japan Dec. 23
Pomona Humboldt Dec. 23
Mexico Mexican Ports Dec. 12
Arcata Cooe Bay Dec. 23
Senator Victoria & Pugret Sound Dec. 23
Queen ....." San Dingo Dec. 23
Bonita Newport ~ Dec. 2S
Alameda Sydney and Way Ports. Deo. 24
O. W. Elder ... Portland Deo. 16
Steamer.
Destination. I
Balls.
Pier.
Alliance ... Portl'd&C.B. Dec. 19. lam
Pomona ... Humboldt..... Dec. Jfl. 3pm
Q. W. Elder Portland '. Deo. 19, 11 am
Queen Fan Diego.... Dec. 19,- 9 am
San Pedro.. Humboldt Dec. 19, 10 am
Samoa Humboldt Dec. 20, 10 am
Argo Coquille Rlv.. Dec. 20, 10 am
Uandalay . Coquille Rlv.. Dec. 20, 10 am
Empire Coos Bay Deo. 20, 12 m
C. Nelson... Seattle .fcTaco Dec. 21,
North Fork Humboldt Dec. 21, 9 am
Corona .... Newport Dec. 21, 9 am
Nemo City. Seattle Deo. 21, B pa
Coptic Chlna&Japan Deo. 22, 1 pro
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Dec. 23, 2 pm
Umatllla .. Vlo & Pgt Bd. Dec. 22. 11 am
Eureka ....Humboldt Dec 22, 9am
Fulton Astoria &Ptld Dec. 22, 4 pm
Rainier Beat&N.Wha Dec. 22, B pm
Santa Rosa San Dieso . ... Dec. S3, Sam
Columbia. '.. Portland Dec. 24, 11am
Neko Hambg&Way Dec. 24,
Kcwburg .. Grays Harbor Deo. 24,
Rival WlllapaHar.. Deo. 24
O. Dollar... Grays Harbor D«o. 24
Pier 20
Pier 9
Pier 24
Pier 11
Pier S
Pier 2
Pier —
Pier S
PlerU
Pier 2
Pier I
Pier 11
Pier —
PMSS
Pier -I
Pier 9
Pier IS
Pier —
Pier a
Pier 11
Pier 24
Pier 7
Pier —
Pier —
[Pier —
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Nome City Seattle Dee. 19
Rainier Seattle &NewWnatcom Deo. 19
Corona Newport Dec 19
Mat tea wan .... Tacoma ~...^ Deo. 19
Crescent City.. Crescent City Deo. 20
Santa Rosa .... San Diego Deo. 20
San Bias Nanatmo Dec. 20
Point Arena... Point Arena Deo. 20
Eureka Humboldt Dec. 20
Fulton Portland and Astoria... Deo. 20
Del Norte Portland and Coos Bay. Deo. 21
Colon Panama &\Vay Ports... Dec. 21
Newbori? Grays Harbor Deo. 21
Zealandla' Honolulu Dec. 21
Columbia Portland « Dec. 21
Rival ..' Wlllapa Harbor Dec. 21
Grace Dollar... Grays Harbor Dec. 21
Robert Dollar.. Seattle Deo. 22
America Maru. China and Japan Dec. 23
Pomona Humboldt Dec. 23
Mexico Mexican Ports Dec. 12
Arcata Cooe Bay Dec. 23
Senator Victoria & Pugret Sound Dec. 23
Queen ....." San Dingo Dec. 23
Bonita Newport ~ Dec. 2S
Alameda Sydney and Way Ports. Deo. 24
O. W. Elder ... Portland Deo. 16
{3 Timef Time • Time Time
» Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
SfLW H W IiW HW
1» ... 2:83 8.1 8:53 8.7 4:04 —0.2 11:18 4.1
20... 8:18 8.1 9:23 '6.8 4:39 —0.6 11:58 4.3
Jtt ... 4K)€ 8.2 10:05 6.9 8:16—0.7.
HW L. W HW LW
22... 0:S5 4.6 4:62 3.2 10:48 5.9 5:55-0.8
£8 ... 1:14 4.8 6:40 8.1 11:83 6.8 6:32—0.7
H ... 1:50 6.0 6:33 8.0 12:22 6.6 7:13—0.4
25... 8:29 6.1 7:29 '2.8 1:17 6:3 7:56—0.1
AMUSEMENTS.
fLVH EAT R ETA ?
LAST WEEK. r '?<',-
LAST MATINEES SATURDAY aad SUNDAY.
MADAME BUTTERFLY
Preceded by the Funniest of All Farces.
"A SERIOUS TANGLE."
SEATS -15c, 25e. S5c, 50c.
MATTNEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Next Week. David Belasoo's Latest Farcical
Bnoc— s.
"NAUGHTY ANTHONY."
EXTRA MATTNEE XMAS DAY.
GRAND YUIETIDE FESTIVAL!
Givtn by the British-American Union,
ODD FELLOWS' HALL.'
WEDNESDAY. DECEMBER 19, AT I P. If.
BEAUTIFUL MUSIC! BEST TALENT t
With a Representation of
WASHINGTON IR"VTNG'S •'CHRISTMAS AT
BRACEBRIDGB HALL."
DR. H. J. STEWART. WALLACE SABIN,
.Musical Directors.
LEO COOPER Stag* Manager
MARQTTAPJDTS ORCHESTRA. -
ADMISSION X5o and 50o
RESERVED SEATS, U."
CHUTES AND ZOO. 1^-*^*
BIG VAUDEVILLE SHOW!
TO-MORROTV NIGHT— THB AMATEURS
. IN A NEW FEATURE.
SPECIAL ATTRACTIONS FOR -THB
HOLIDAYS.
Telephone for Seats Park 3*L
Palopol These hotels oos-
raiatC sess the attributes
j that tourists -and
3.11(1 travelers appreciate
location.'
dVQ Tl (\ libcral manage--
VII auu ment. modern at>-
TT j. i pointments and
liOtGlS Perfect cttisine.
11UI& American and Eu-
San Francisco ,ropean plans.
WBBfly Gall $1:00 urln
®VIM, VIGOR. VITALITY for MEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have been In us« over fifty
yeara by the leaders of the
Mormon Church and their fol-
lowers. Positively cures the
.. worst cases In old and young
arising from effects of . self-
abuse, dissipation, exoaesea or
cigarette-smoking-. Cures Lost
Manhood, Impotency, Lost
Power ," I Night Losses, Insom-
nia, Pains in Back, Evil Desires, Lame Back,
Nervous Debility, Headache, Unfltness to Mar-
ry, Loea of Semrn, r*m j Vartcocele or Con-
stipation. Stops Ne **"1 II rvous Twitching
of Eyelids, Effects T^jjZ,. a r e Immediate.
Impart vigor and ce "'° potency to every
function. Don*t get despondent; a cure Is at
hand. Restores small, undeveloped organs.
Stimulates the brain' and nerve centers; 60c a
box; S for $2 60 by mall. A written guarantee to
cure or money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars
free. Address BISHOP' REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis
St., San Francisco. Cal., GRANT DRUG CO.,
38 and 40 Third st.' .
AMUSETff-RNTS.
MATINEE ' TO-DAY, WEDNESDAY, DEC 19.
Parquet, 25c, any seat: Balcony, 10c: Chil-
dren, 10c, any part except reserved.
VAUDEVILLE A3 IT SHOULD BE!
SHE ATT AND WABBEN, TBITLY
SHATTTTCK, HOLE. DORIA,
ILL£. CHRISTINA'S DOG, OAT
AND MONKEY OIBCUS, HAL
DAVIS AND INEZ MACATTLEY,
THE HARMONY FOTTR, SPEN-
SEB KEiU*Y,PANTZEB TKOTJPE,
GBEAT AMERICAN BIOOBAFH.
*T1YO.LI*
•TT HAS CAUOHT ON."
THE BIO HOLIDAY EXTRA VAOANZA,
CINDERELLA!
By.'.... FERRIS HARTMAN.
WITH ITS IX>ADS OF HUMOR.' FUN AND
BPECTACI.K.
HEAR THE PATRIOTIC FINALE AND
' "SUNFLOWER SUE."
See Oscar I*.F«ifs Fine TRANSFORMATION.
THE FLOWERY KINGDOM.
Every EVenl-i? at 8— Matinee Saturday at 2.
POPULAR PRICES 25 and 60 centa.
Telephone— Bush 9.
FXZZ^ CENTRAL THEATER,
Market st. near Eighth— Opposite City Hall.
OPENS «<^SAT. EY^G.
Magnificent Production— DAVID BELASCO'S
Famous Military Romane*,
the HEART OF MARYLAND
Every Evening-. Matinee Saturday and Sundays.
SPECIAL XMAS MATINEE TUESDAY.
pnffPC Ev-gs— 10c 15c, 25o. 35c. 50o
rillWEj Matinees— lOc and 25c. No higher.
Seats on sal « TO-MORROW " (Thursday). 9 a.
m., at Sherman & Clay's Music 'Store.
U/.T. HES9,
K0TAET POSUO'aND ATTOHHiT-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor,' Room 1015, Claus Spreckels Bldg.
> , Telephone Brown. 93L r. '. s
Residence, £21 California st., below Powell,
: . - San' Francisco.
i AMTTSEMEMTS.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
• CROWDED ALL THB TIME!—
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
. Continued - Success of the
OLIVER-LESLIE COMPANY
ONLY THIS WEEK.
ATALEofTWOCITiES
THE BIQQEST HIT OF THB YEIAR.
NEXT WEEK— "AN OFFICER OF THE
SECOND."
Evening Prices— lOc, ISc. 25c and ¦ 6Ool
A few front rows In orchestra, 75o. .
Matinee Prices— lOc, 15c. ' 2So and ' 50c,
no higher. .
Branch Ticket Offlc*- Emporium.
'-'AYE BANE A~6UDE TALLER."
AND HE'S DOING A SMASHING BUSINESS.
BEN HENDRIGKS
IN THE PLAY THAT MADE*HIM FAMOUS.
OLE OLSON
NEXT SUNDAY AFTERNOON.
The ¦ Comedy Success of Many - Seasons,
AT THE WHITE HORSE TAVERN
.Translated From the O«rman by Bydn«y Ros«n-
feld by Permission of ; Daniel and
, Charles Frohman.
vVLUIW P IH leadikq theatre
EVERY NIGHT THIS WEEK; Including Sunday
MA.TENEH BATOEDAT. /
FREDERICK WARDE
—WITH . .
MR. AND MRS. E. R. 6PENCBR
And the Famous Clarence M. Brnne Company,
• • In Espy .Williams' Romantic Comedy
THE DUKE'S JESTER
Beginning NEXT • MONDAY,
7 Nights and* Xmas and Saturday Matinees, .
PRIMROSE & DOCKSIADER
MINSTRELS,
FISCHER'S ? c 9ncebt o hou^
COGILl. AVD • COOPBJR'S COMEDIANS IN
"THB WIDOW" O'BRIENt" ..
A HOST OF SPECIALTIES -
AND MUSICAL ACTSl
RMexftd Stats, 25c Matinees Sunday.
I*- '^^^^^ from The Red Front i
Give him something sensible. Don't buy trinkets. Men don't want such things. |ra
A good warm overcoat, a suit of fine underwear, an order for a hat, a pair of a§
gloves or a necktie, or perhaps a dozen collars or a half-a-dozen shirts. %j§
These are the things that men folks want and THE RED FRONT is the vg
place to buy them. The best in wear and worth and style and all is here in . §f,
assortments most complete. §J
R -A.11 tKese tHings are for men and boys |!
K TKings for Boys Boys* Sweaters Men's Suits Boys* Overcoats j?
M A fine nickel-plated, What boy docs not want a Inferior garments find no °f!Xiidm^^^l S
J^ American stem - winding, sweater for Christmas — good welcome here at any price. oxford greys predominate— the g\
M dust-proof watch,/r*? with to wear to school, warm, com- Best of materials made up by SffcSJrt fiaoo S
&5 every purchase of $4-<o Portable and most durable, the best manufacturers in the £° iV Lf tt ' en at f t » **** ev * r K k-V* £i
« and upwards, if the pur- Also sweaters for men. United States make the Red SS^t^^iSj^^j^ BJ
SS chase is made in theBoys' Men'sail-wool sweaters, $i.ooandj2.oo Front suits the best to be D^artmmt. 3|
*fv» ~.. , . ; fancy worsted sweaters, 2.50 u , „_ e $£.-.^ 1 5^
Department. " extra fine knit sweaters, 3.50 Bought for any money. O»peCial aj
£» ? CrC iS itS^iSfl K°nSttaTwooT?n&ea $ r9r^ 1^^^^ *"° c A S **™ 1 linc of mcn ' 8 |
g buy a SUlt and combine Double-breasted woo! under • Blue and black clay worsteds suits, !oS Colm * hosiery msiJk P
ggthe suit with a most H^Medlicot Scotch wool 5 g ' g^^fhV^V . ct, 1^50 designs— polka dots, stripes,
¦35 acceptable Christmas gift underwear-extra size, feoog-ir. eS Mei?on Sitf ' J^ vertical patterns and drop- fg
S. in- the way of a watch. . gSg^ I !f2 stitch efLts-very latest In g
33 Boys' Russian blouse sults-the Boys' merino underwear, 50c -gar. gj[ £* °™ | Jg sult3 » »5-oo hosiery— put up in holiday fg
M latest stvlejandln all thenew- fi SLSfi" $I^ J boxes for Christmas presents. Jg
P Bo^%t s^fe^^^^ t S Men's Overcoats &$&*££* u^M
JM fancy vests-solid blue or mixed K dozen extra fine finish sox for ,f 1.50 . ,,.,., Clears ?&
gff serge or cheviots, $2.85 to 8.00 K dozen boys rock-proof stockings, 50c Money back if they are not Tidies can buy citjars for 5$
B2 R^r G piec?d° L^ 7n a Sco n S ' Umbrellas right. Why pay $ S more for thcir gentlcmen LtSftoa M
W JJS d iS d i? e S ot8> !i orbo 5 Umbrellas for grown folks, same overcoats the Red us in security> We®
ffi S, 8 t0 I5 f7o'n\ 11% umbrellas for children, urn^ . FrOnt Sells? f Y ° U kn ° W thcre have the largest stock of to- «
m boys' Suits- brellas for 50c and umbrellas 1S . n ° usc , of ovc^y m S . our bacco to Be found in any St
ffi" ,^Sld^S^3a for many dollars. Handles P" CeS > am * WC makc a S P eaalt^ retail store in San Francisco. M
SP tweeds for school wear or blue o f bone, porcelain, natural ° r ovcrcoa^ s - 50 Alex. Humboldt cigars in a box $3.50 #^v
K^. and black effects for Sunday, , ,' r . * u* Medium weight tan box overcoats, 57- 50 50 Sanchez and Haya cigars In a box, 3.50 jV!?
3* ~ , from $4-35 to 7.50 WOOd, bone, ivory and China — Snuff color tan box overcoats, 7.50 50 Defiance cigars In a box. £00 «g
BOYS LONG PANTS, SUITS— hundreds of kinds Specially Black beaver box oyercoats, 7.50 25 Major General Steuben In a box, ooc vS
tpJr either single or double-breasted • . , c . r ./ Blue beaver box overcoats, 7.50 25 Renown dears In a box, ooc *yi%
S^ —coats with vests in, blue or pthered^ tor sell- Light tan overcoats, 10.00 25 Walkover cigars in a box, 75c $&£>
Ww| m ixed tweeds— an excellent lnC r — a most aDnroDriate gift Black kersey overcoats, 10.00 Also General Arthur, Belmont's, Prln- J->*
W» line cf most durable materials, f & , ,^,.j^ f r r & Blue b«aver oveocoats, . 12.50 dpe de Gales, etc All regular I2>£c. J^K
%fy from J5.QO to 12.50 for the holidays. , Oxford grey coats, 15.00 sizes for 10c 3&?
1| A. J. Prager «Sc Sons '
• % 857-859 Marhet Street bpp. Powell J
1
HBCB^rtufl ' '•••^TTTSaJLiiA^** ****** mf?& - v?5^
KHSKnynt va Jz? iri^w WnSJ
QnT HdS^w sk MH tS
EhTIwbT —^ iffl la .Hg^B.wg
fnJk ' H . 129 Fafi* (39 km tt WB% S3
sB^sr M ' Hi * bbbBb HI VBCD B <r^9 B3
I Don't Know I
I What to Get? |
SB W«JI, drop In at Kohler & II
]S Chase's, "6-30 CXFarrell, this |g
». evening, and look at th«ir g!
K> <iiFplay of musical g-ooda £4
3» eultabl© for Xmas gifts. It's n
Or the largest display In the S
V6 V»*e»t. and you'll be sure to B
S find Jost wfcat you want. ffl
JK Horr would a beeuuUful man- fg
2r <5olin ftw J50 do. or on* for Jfjj
» »0, or a flue «rultar at only P»
RL $15? BetsidBs, perhaps, you hi
*3 will want the very best. PI
•3 Then you must know that if
ffl KohJer & Chase are whole- ¦
tt «aJe distributors In the West fl
St for KNABE plarww. Wash- H
V? burn mandolins, banjos and £a
crultarB. Besson. and Messen- El
« hajtes- band Instruments, I|
V^ etc., etc. | a
G0 HAVE THE BENEFIT 1 1
|g OF EELECTTXG TOUR li
jK PIAJCO F3.OM THE LABO- 1 1
ft EST WH0LESA1B STOCK II
K IN THE WEST. H
I KOHLER& CHASE, 1
W EHABS AQENCT, 1
g 26-30 OTarrell St. A
M OPEN 1
& EVENINGS. £|
yjWyfrJsBSr INJECTION. <
!; A PERMANENT CURE f
S - of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea i J
9 and Gleet, eaaxanteed in from 3 to 6 . « '
2 ' days ; no other treatment required. J (
C .- ¦ Bold by all drajjgiata. \ : * - 5The postponed game of football between
the Koenljrs and the Alamedas will be
p.ayed next Sunday afternoon at the
E ghth and Harrison street grounds. Van
Haltren of the New Yorks will play with
the Alamedas and Robert Epan with the
Koenlgs.
Postponed Game.
SAN JOSE. Dec. 18.— Ralph Heywood. who
stole a load of furniture from a storehouse
near Campbell some time ago, was to-day sen
tenced to serve a term of three years in Fol
som State Prison.
You Will Be Bight in It.
A special men's vici kid. box calf, seal
skin or kangaroo shoes, worth U to $3,
will be sold to-morrow for {185 a pair.
These shoes are hand sewed, stylish. All
sizes. At the shoe trust sale of the Be*
Hive Shoe Company, 717 Market street,
near Third. . : • •
ANGELS CAMP. Dec. 18.— P. F. Whirlow of
San Francisco to-day took charge of the An
gels mine, the property of J. V. Coleman of
San Francisco.
WASHINGTON, Dec 18.— A message
from United States Consul Gummery at
Tangiers Informs the State Department
that the Moorish Government had settled
the claim of the United States for $5000
indemnity on account of the murder of
Marcus Eszagui, a naturalized American
citizen, in Morocco last spring.
Eszagui was of French birth, but the
fact that, he was naturalized as an Amer
ican citizen relieved the French Govern
ment from the necessity of joining in the
demand for indemnity. The Moorish Gov
ernment pleaded as a basis for Its first
declination to pay the fact that the man
was killed, not by Moorish officers, but
in o fight with the rabble. The claim for
indemnity, however, was based on the
failure of the Moorish Government to
make any effort to arrest or punish the
perpetrators of the murder. The Navy
Department, at the Instance of the State
Department, was making arrangements
to 5-end a naval vessel to Morocco to give
moral support to the demands of the
American Consul for a settlement.
Settles Claim for the Murder
of a Naturalized
Citizen.
MOROCCO PAYS
THE INDEMNITY
LONDON, Dec. 19.— "Great Britain's
proposed alterations in the preamble of
the joint note have been practically ac
cepted by all the powers," says the Pe
'klng correspondent of the Dally Mail, wir
ing Monday. "Both Russia and Japan,
whose support was regarded as doubtful,
have agreed. Only the attitude of the
United States remains as yet not clearly
uenned and the acquiescence of America
is anticipated, and it is probable that th-3
Joint note will be signed and delivered to
the Chinese plenipotentiaries within three
of four days. The German Minister has
warmly supported the British proposal."
PEKING, Dec. 18.— Count von Walder
see has issued an order assigning certain
districts In the neighborhood of Peking
for supervision to the representatives of
the various powers. The order says th«s
extent" to which the co-operation of the
French and American troops can be dj
pended upon is a matter to be determined
by agreements made with the generals
commanding these forces. Under the plan
the United States troops will supervise
the district southwest of Peking from the
road to Tshangtshang to the road extend
ing from Nakukrin to Hosiwu.
Count von Waldersee says he knows
that there is a considerable force of Chi
nese under General Ma In the northern
part of the province of . Shansi and
another south of Tsh,angtshang, but dur
ing the severe winter that haa now set in
he does, not expect any aggressive Chi
nese movement.
On the other hand, wherever the allies
leave a district for any length of time
bands of robbers and thugs will congre
gate. For tnis reason the field marshal
desires the co-operation of all the allies
to cover the various districts with strong
patrols. It is now understood that * a
meeting of the foreign envoys will be held
to-morrow. ;
Proposed Change in De
mand on China Is Meet
ing Approval.
SOME genuine ring Interest Is cen
tered in Otto Cribb, the Austral
ian Welterweight, who will meet
Frank McConnell at Woodward's
Pavilion Thursday evening. Be
ing an unknown quantity to followers of
the pugilistic game in tnis country and
having come here .with a string of cred
itable performances on paper to his credit,
the curiosity of ring patrons Is working
overtime.
POWERS AGREEING
TO BRITISH PLANS
"MIra Valle,"P. Klein. Sauterno type, claret.
Grand Via. Depot 613 Geary street.' - • '
Fight . a l>raw.
TOUNGSTOWN, Ohio, Dec. 18.— Billy
Ryan. of Syracuse and Jack McClelian of
Pittsburgh fought' at twenty-round -¦. draw
before the Mahoning: Club to-night, ¦; vj
For a Billiard Contest.
NEW YORK, s, Dec. , 18.— Leonard Howl
son, , the; Canadian : professional billiard
player, has challenged Ora Morningstar to
a 1000- point match ; at 14-inch balkllne for
$250 a side. Mr. Morning-star has signified
his desire to accept, and a date soon will
be set for the contest .Two nights will be
occupied by, the match.
Cadet Casad to Be Captain.
NEW YORK, 1 : Dee. IS.— Cadet Adam S.
Casad of Kentucky.will.be captain of next
year's .West Point Military Academy foot
ball team.". His. election by a unanimous
vote has' just .been announced. ;, Cadet Ca
sad has generally played halfback, but" on
several occasions ; took the place ; of quar
terback. The - new captain is : short and
stands high in the class of 1902." '
Breaks the Indoor Record.
NEW YORK, Dec. 18.— According to the
timepieces of ' a j nrfmber of spectators,
Jimmy Michael broke the world's indoor
record for a mile at Madison Square Gar
den while practicing for his flf teen-mile
race with Harry Elkesr- which takes place
next Saturday night; •• The .Welsh midget
went the last mile of a ten-mile trial in
1:39 flat, it i? said.
Owner Licalzi Suspended.
NEW ORLEANS, Dec. 18.-Weather
fair; track good. Donna Rita's win in
the first race was such a surprise thai
the stewards suspended ' Tony . Licalzi,
owner, and W. Hurley, trainer, , pending
an investigation. Results:
Selling, one mile and an eighth — Donna Rita
won, Phidias second. Pacemaker third. Time,
1:57.
Five furlong:B— Tonicum won. Admiral Pepper
second, Choice third. Time, 1 :02.
One mile, selling: — Lillian Reed won. Linden
Klla second. Sir Oatlan third. Time, .1:42%.
Eeven furlongs, handicap— Tom Kingsley won,
Alex second, -Georgie third. Time, 1:28%.
Six and a half furlongs— McGrathiana Prince
wen. Handcuff second, Terralene third. Time,
1:22%.
One mile, soiling-— Little Boy Blue won, • Els
more second, Rodd thlrd.Time, 1:42H-.
KID McFADDEN GAINS
DECISION OVEB.USON
San Francisco Pugilist Puts Up a
Splendid Exhibition and Man-
. ages to Befeat New Yorker.
MEMPHIS, Tenri., -Dec. 18.— In one of
the gamest exhibitions ever witnessed in
a Memphis prizerlng Kid McFadden of
San Francisco was given the decision
over Casper Leon of New York, at the
end of twenty rounds of fierce fighting be
fore the Phoenix Athletic Club.
Both men entered the ring in the pink
of condition. McFadden had a slight ad
vantage in weight, while Leon had height
in his favor. McFadden promptly took
the aggressive, forcing Leon around the
ring, but landing few effective blows,
while the New York man worked slower
and more effectively.
- It was give and take with hardly a
shade of advantage either way up to the
fifteenth round, when McFadden's youth
and strength began to tell.
Leon was forced to take the count twice
In this round, but fought gamely and
came up for the sixteenth strong again.
McFadden fought sa,vagely for a knock
out in each succeeding round, but Leon's
staying qualities and ring generalship en
abled him to make almost as strong a
showing in the final rounds as. he did in
tho initial one. McFadden's aggressive
ness, however, gave him the decision.
considerable speed, leading out Nellie
Forrest for third place.
Track Notes.
Bookmaker Frank Eckert Is here and
will soon take a hand In the game.
Johnny Bullman will be seen In the sad
dle on Saturday.
reserved.)
When Bamboulla comes from behind, as
he did In yesterday's sprint, h© Is ap
parently getting good and will bear
•watching.
It was generally supposed Castake fan
cied a heavy track, but It seems not.
Horses tastes, like a dyspeptic's appetite,
change constantly.
Spike was bet on to show. Better give
Stuart a sledge-hammer next time.
J. Waldo, on Alary's Garter, took a Ions:
chance of going over the fence at one
time.
H. J. Jones, father of the jockey, is now
the owner of Duckoy.
The board of stewards of the California
Jockey Club met last evening and the
cases of several ruled-oft and suspended
persons were reviewed. Jockey Willie
Martin, ruled off the turf for life, ap
peared before the board, but was denied
reinstatement
When Red Pirate, ridden by "Longshot"
Conley, ran a peculiar race last season at
Oakland, the colored rider was Indefin
itely suspended. Bookmaker Joe Rose's
name was connected with the case, and
the penciler was warned off Oakland
track. Both were denied reinstatement at
last night's meeting.
P. Sullivan, a rider, set down for a 11st-
Ies9 ride on San Mateo one day last sea
son, was restored to good standing.
J. McBride. foreman for Earnshaw
Bros., appeared, and apologizing' for the
rough language used to the judges at the
track across the bay on an occasion last
season, was reinstated.
J. Brown, a Jockey suspended for a ride
on Rio Chfco, ¦was also reinstated.
No action was taken in the case of Irv
ing Neuscheler, ruled off some days ago
for pernicious touting. Action was also
deferred in the case of Jockey Joe Weber,
suspended for a ride on Loving Cup, De
cember 20 last. ¦ .
Following are to-day's entries:
(Copyright. 1900. by W. A. Martin. All rights
First race — One mile* three-year-olds and np;
sellln?.
(H99)Hohenloh«' 108 1476 Opponent. . ...102
1416 Magnus 95 1491 McNamara. ... 98
1440 Plohn. . 102
Second race — Six furlongs; maiden three
year-olds and up:
1504 Random .104 1438 Sweet V61ce...l04
1470 Finch 104 1508 King's Pal.. .,,104
1450 l*w Zara 101 1418 Red Cherry..... lot
142S Lady Maud. ...104 1499 Onyx. . 109
I860 Honduran .....104 .... Phoenlssa. .:..1O4'
1177 Lrfzella 109 1360 Sam Howard... 109
Third race — One and three-fourth miles;
three-year-olds and up; 'hurdles; seven obsta
cles.
1425 May Boy 1501 1S5S First Shot.... ..139
1422 Mestor. .1601 1394 Chas. Le Bel.. .150
1422 Ballsta 144 1422 I*>mo. .- ..150
1410 Can't Dance.. .1501
Fourth race— One and a half miles; three
year-olds and up; Kpeom Handicap:
1502 Topmast 108 (1484) Lava tor . 107
C1477)Ko«nlK 108 1602 Evlrato 88
<1477)Campu8. . ....103 1507 Twinkle Twlnk W
1477 Locochpe. . ....102
Fifth race— Five and a half furlongs; maiden
two-year-olds; selling:: .
1J2S Instante ....... 99 1474 Estelada T.: 99
1492 Cousin Carrie.. 99 1800 Cambaceres ...108
• 1420 Illusion 93 1825 Piratta . ......106
.... Graylettd 102 .... Long Tom 99
1148 Limb of the 1407 Golden... . .... M
-Law. . .....101 1474 Letigra. ........ »9
1407 Haralamb. 103
Sixth race-f Seven furlongs; three-year-olds;
purse:
.... Scales — ..... ..103i .... 6am FulIen....llJ
1504 Hiram Johnson. 103 .... The Benedict. .109
1462 Mac Gyle.......ll4| 1163 Tuthill. . . .112
Lough Der* 109 1503 Prejudice .... ...114
1475 Greenock ...... 117 1 .... Montanlc 109
Probable Winners.
First race — Opponent, Hohenlohe, McNamim.
Second race — Finch. Sam Howard, Phoenlsaa.
Third race— Lomo, Can't Dance, Mestor. V
Fourth race— Koenig, Campus, Topmast. ';.•:
Fifth race— Long Tom, Estelada, Cousin Car
rie.
Sixth race— Scales, Sam Fallen, Montanlc.
VICTORIA, Dec. 18— The cttamer Royalist
b out thirty-one days from MoJU Japan, with
eugar for British Columbia. Even with the
jurny weather ehe should be here by now.
A posse was organized by the citizens
of Hope and started out after the robbers.
Hope is only five miles from Flat Rock,
where the safp in the postofflce was blown
open early Monday morning and $200
iaken. It is presumed that the operators
_ both cases are the same.
Bank at Hope and Successfully
Evade Arrest.
SHELBYVILLE. Ind.. Dec. 18.—Kenne
dy's Bank at Hope, south of here, was
entered at 2 o'clock this morning, the safe
blown open with nltroglycerin and $15,
0""i© carried off by two men who were seen
to leave the building by the night opera
tor in the telephone exchange. The rob
bers had a confederate posted outside
with a carriage, in which all escaped.
Daring Hobbers Wreck Kennedy's
I3L0W OPEN SATE AND
SECURE THOUSANDS
MIDDLETOWN. Ohio. Dec 18.— Four
masked men entered the house of Michael
Friedman, two miles trom here, early to
day and bound and gagged Friedman af
ler which they searched the house. Find
ing no money, they released Friedman
and told him they knew he had Just re
ceived 13000 and that they wanted It.
Upon his denial he was knocked senseless
¦with a cluh. Friedman was revived,
again fjuestioried and upon his second de
nial was* again knocked senseless. His
unconpeious body was then bound with
ropes and h<? was left to perish from the
cold. The open house attracted the at
tention of the passers-by, who investi
gated and found Friedman. He Is In a
precarious condition.
Bound and Left to Die of
Exposure.
Michael Friedman "Wounded, Gagrged,
NEAELY BEATEN TO
DEATH BY ROBBERS
One cruiser and one battleship to
Cramps, making three for them; one
cruiser and one battleship to New
port News, making three for them; one
cruiser and one battleship to the Union
Iron Works, making three for them, anl
one battleship to the Bath Iron Works.
There is still a possibility that Moran
Brothers of Seattle may get the battle
ship slated for the Union Iron Works or
the Bath Iron Works.
?
This leaves seven ships to be disposed
cf, and while in view of the fact that
another meeting of the board is to be held
it is not possible to make the prediction
with absolute accuracy, the indications
are that these will be distributed as fol
lows:
One of the big armored cruisers shall
go to Cramps, one to Newport News and
one to the Union Iron Works In Califor
nia., One battleship shall go to the Fore
River Kngrlne Worns at Qulncy, Mass.
WASHINGTON". Dec. 18.— The- Board of
Naval Construction, considering the bids
for the construction of battleships and
cruisers, has settled these points:
Board of Naval Construction Decides
Upon Certain of th«
Awards.
THBEE BATTLESHIPS
TO BE BUILT HESE
In the six furlong event for two-year
olds, next decided, the colons of Prince
Poniatowskl were carried to the front by
O'Connor on Brutal, a son of Imp.
Brutus. Such a warm tip permeated the
atmosphere on Marechal Xlel, which was
installed favorite, that 3 to . 1 could be
had against the Prince's entry. While
the stranger created a favorable impres
sion. Brutal held him safe, winning out
by a couple of lengths.
On December 14, in a race at Oakland,
I>omond, with O'Connor in the saddle, re
ceived extensive support to win, but never
cut much figure in the running. Billy
Magrane'a horse was easy money yester
day, for tie won the first seven furlong
run from a shifty set, after being in front
from the first Jump. Good Hope, the
weakly ridden favorite, ran second. J.
Miller, astride Our Lizzie, rode about as
bad a looking race as has been 'seen this
season, finishing absolutely last. The win
ner was a 10 to 1 choice In the betting,
with apparently but a few friends.
Getting away last of the bunch starting
In the five furlong: dash for three-year
olds, Anjou tramped around the -other
eight starters and at the wire had pounds
left. Behind him Bamboulia led out Her
culean for second place.
Bernota, the Burns & Waterhouse rep
resentative, looked the best of the select
few going to the post In the closing run.
Tho brown gelding was heavily played at
7 to 10. and disposed of Galanthus very
handily at the wire. Dandy Jim showed
Much adverse comment was heard over
the ride Mounce gave Alee in a sprint at
Oakland last Saturday. Garnet Ferguson
put O'Connor up on the brown colt in the
fourth number at seven furlongs, and In
a furious drive lost the decision to the
favorite, Boundlee, by a scant head only.
Buchanan rode the winner and. It must
be saJd, handled Barney Schreiber's horse
to perfection. These sudden and unex
pected Improvements In form are getting
to be of frequent occurrence, and a shak
ing up by the officials of two or three
riders might work some Improvement.
Pat Dunn* furnished the favorite for
the opening scramble in McLaren, which
had Winnie O'Connor in the saddle.
Nothing would do Winnie but that he
must rate his mounts, as usual, the first
part.
While doing so Coburn slipped off in the
lead with Duckoy, and In a drive downed
the tardy choice nearly a length. For
matus took the show from a ragged as
sortment.
terday at Tanforan Park. All the
events decided were at distances under a
mile and furnished some rather perplex
ing beftjng propositions. Of the choices
Bounalee, Anjou and Bernota were the
ones receiving decorations.
By F. E. MULHOLLAND
THE downfall of three favorites,
one or two refreshing reversals
and a heavy track to race over Is
a review In brief of the sport yes-
Ab shown by the tabie, the best score
of the day was Miss Edith McBean's 10,
an average of two for each ball. The
next best scores were those of H. J3.
Goodwin and S. L. Abbot Jr., each of
whom holed the five balls out in eleven
¦ After the putting match had been de
cided the men were desirous of taking
advantage of the presence of so many
good lady golfers to make up foursomes
and play until darkness came on, but the
ladles, unwilling to linger on the scene
of their defeat, hastened away from, the
links.
MEN DEFEAT I_A.DIES
IN A PUTTING MATCH
Miss McBean Holes Out Five Balls on
the Home Green in >
Ten Strokes.
The ladles of the San Francisco Golf
Club played a putting match against the
men yesterday on the Vresidio links. The
match was the result of a challenge is
sued by a team of six ladies, who played
against an equal number of men.
The contest was a close one, the men
winning by the narow margin of two
strokes. Each lady paired off with one
of the men, and every contestant putted
rive balls on the home green. Of the la
dies' team-" three beat their opponents-
Miss McBean defeating R. H. Gaylord.
Miss Morgan beating J. H. Mee and Miss
Sarah Drum proving victorious over J.
\V. Byrne. The margins by which the
victorious men won :hfir matches were
large enough to counterbalance the gains
of the ladies, eo that the men won by a
score of 75 to 77. The details of the va
rious matches were as follows:
TAXTORAN PARK, TUESDAY. DECEMBER 18.— Weather cloudy. Track heavy^__.
15(M. FIRST RACE}— Five furlongs; three-year-olds; purse, $230.
I |Po. ¦ i , ¦ Betting ¦
Index Horse and Weight. iPst St. \i. %. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl..- PI.
1432 jDuekoy 102 5 ~4 Th 1~3 l"i 1~1 Coburn S 4 4 1
1SSJ MacLaren 105 93 11 25 25 26 O'Connor... 6-5 8-5 4-5 2-5
1470 .Formatus 102 65 62 3h 31 33 Tullett 10 SO 25 8
11$8 (Leipzig 104 28 41 4h 4^ 41 Vlckery .... 15 30 25 8
14(>6 'Hiram Johnson. ..102 7 10 91 JU 51 51 Mounce 8 9 8 3
1370 jRacetto 106 46 3 2 61 62 62 E. Ross 6 15 15 4
1371 ;L>ruldfss 102 38 61 61 72 72 Dominick .. 6 12 10 3
14C2 Favorito 106 87 72 82 S3 85 McElhanon ' 20 60 50 20
.... (Random 106110 9 SI 9 2 9 2 9 2 Bnos 30 60 60 20
O_«j2)JEya Moe 102| 1 1 10 10 10 10 R. Murphy.. 40 50 50 20
Time — K, :12%: %. :36?4; %. 1:03. Good start. Won first three driving:. Winner, H. J. Jones'
b. k. by imp. Brutus-Deooy Duck. O'Connor on favorite made a mistake in giving up lead
to Duckoy and then trying to come with a rush. Racetto can do better. MacLaren stum
bled in being pulled up after finish, and, throwing O'Connor, ran away two miles.
I5Oft. SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; two-year-olds ; purse. $350.
1 |PoT ~' , Betting— ¦> ,
Index jHorse and Weight. Pst St. H. \- Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. PI.
UJS4) ! Brutal 115 4 3 2n 2 14 In 12 O'Connor... 5-2 8 2 • S-5
IMarechal Nell. ...US «6 C 3222 26 Dangrman .. 7-5 .8-5 "8-5 8-5
1451 lArgrepor 113 11 51 42 42 8n Mounce 7 " 10 10 5-2
14S6 jBilly Lyons 11.1 54 81 In 31 46 Coburn 4 6 6 8-5
1493 ,Utmus 105 26 4 Vi 6 8 5« 625 J. Daly 5 5 5 3-2
J407 jCantlnus 113 82116 6 8 R. Murphy. 60 75 75 15
Time— »*. :26\i; H. :51\; ?4. 1:18. Good start. Won handily. Second and third driving.
Winner, Burlinpame btock Farm's ch. g. by Imp. Brutus-Forma. Winner of the improving
Bort. Nell did well first time out. Too far for Billy Lyons. Litmus was only thinking.
l&OO. THIRD RACE— Seven furlong*; Belling; three-year-olds and up; purse, $350.
- .___ ... _. _ ___ , Betting
Index [Horse, Age, Weight. Pst St. H. %. Str. Pin. Jockeys. Op. Hi. Cl. PI.
14*7 Lomond, 8 102 21 18 14 18 12 Dominick .. 7 10 ' 10 "8
1466 Good Hope. 4.. ..104 76 62 43 25 25 Coburn 6-5 7-5 7-5 1-2
1456 Ipallne, 3 101 33 2^ 22 82 3% Mounce .... 7 12 12 . 3
Simon D. 5 104 46 61 3h 61 4 % J. Martin... < 15 10 5
(14S5) [Osmond. 4 104 67 74 66 41 6h O'Connor ... 6 7 6 5-2
1470 IBilly Moore. 8. ...108 12 42 71 71 62 Burllngame 100 150 150 40
1477 Colonel Root, 5. .105 888 8 8 7 5 E. Ross 40 100 * 100 80
1494 [Our Llztie, 5 110 54 3h 5 1 Oh 8 J. Miller.... 8 4 7-2 6-6
Time—**. :14; «4. zSShi; %. l:04H: T4. 1:3L Good start. . Won all out. Second and third
driving. Winner, W. P. Magrane's. b. c. by imp. Midlothlan-Talluda. Lomond turned a
pretty flip-flap and twister. Coburn on Good Hope took the full count. Start didn't help
her. either. Simon D a promising candidate. Stable backed Lizzie, but somebody turned J
her picture toward the wall. Scratched— Magnus 105, Choteeu 99.
1CO7. FOURTH RACE^ — Seven furlongs; ' selling; three-year-olds and up; purse, $350. .
| Po^ I | r Betting .
Index Horse, Age, Weight. Pst St. %. %. Btr. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. PI.
1437 JBoundlee. » 99 41 lH3n 2 5 lh Buchanan .. 6-5 11-5 2 4-5
145)4 Alee, 8 105 6 8 8113 13 33 O'Connor... 4 8-2 9-2 6-5
1391 Cyril. 6 106 86 61 33 88 82 £3. Ross 10 15 15 6
1467 (Fir Kingston, 8... 105 38 2h 6 5 42 44 J. Martin... I IS IS 6
1457 Flamero, 4 104 12 4H4h 66 56 Mounce .... 4 4 8 6-5
14?0 Ca»take. 6 107 64 64 62 66 66 Dominick i 5 6 8-5
1457 Twink. Ttrtnk, 6. 99 2 7 7 4 7 5 7 10 7 15 Persico 100 600 300 100
Tostl. 4 108 7 8 8 8 8 8 Woodman .. 100 500 200 100
Time— %, :25H: H. :51; %, 1:044; %. 1:31H. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner.
B. Schrelber's br. p. by Boundless-Parolee. Buchanan finishes like a pile driver, and Just
naturally fooled O'Connor by a well-timed rush. Cyril loosened up a bit. Flamero forgot
to check his baggage. C&ftake must have been seized with stage fright. Scratched — St.
Wood 107, Owensboro 99. Credo 104. ¦".
I5OS. FIFTH RACE— Five furlongs; three-year-olds; purse, 8350.
[PcT ~~ I , Betting
Index Horse and Weight. Pst St. %. %. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. PL
1451 Anjou 105 7 ~9 7~H Tl Tl III Mounce .... 5-2 6-2 5-2 9-10
1463 Bamboulla 102 6 8 i.1 82 l%^h Coburn 6 10 8 J ,
1491 Herculpan 108 86 6J 75 68 3n E. Ross 6-2 8-2 »-2 8-2
1452 Foul Play 102 32 lh lh 8 % 4 2 Buchanan ..664 8-2
917 Beautiful Bill ...105 23 61 41 66 6 h Martin 15 SO 26 12
1486 St. Anthony 102 9 5 212H 4h 6 10 Dominick .. 10 15 15 6
(62S) Alary's Garter.. .1C2 6 4 8h 62 71 71J. Waldo.... 5-2 9-2 9-2 3
.... King's Pal 104 47 83 86 81 »1 O'Connor... 6 25 25 10
1479 jgplke 102 ljl » » 9 9 Stuart | 20 60 60 12
Time — K. :25; %, :37>4; %. l:03H. Poor start. Won easily. Second and third driving. Win
ner W. B. Jennings * Co.'e b. c. by Imp. St. Andrew-Jude. Winner Is quite a horse In
damp going. Bamboulla ran gamely. Beautiful Bill will do better. Alary's Garter In bad
position moet of the route. Spike no speed what ever ._ _Scratched— McNamara j°j-_^g c j J-°j-
I600. SIXTH RACE— Six and a half furlongs; selling; two-year-olds; purse. $350.
]Po.) ~~] I, Betting —^^> '
Index Horse and Weight. Pst St. %. %. Btr. Fin. ! Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. PI.
1482 Bernota 103 2 3 4h In 13 11% Coburn 4-5 4-5 7-10 1-3
1476 Galanthus 101 11 21 lh 23 33 |J. Daly 4 8 8 7-5
1458 Dandy Jim 10S 58 lH2h 46 84 Mounce .... 6 12 10 4
1395 Nellie Forest 99 84 Sn 43 31 415 Dominick ..456 6-5
1468 David S 105J 4 5 5 5 5 6 O'Connor ...| 6 6 6 8-6
Time— 1-16, :07: 6-16, :32; 9-16, :57H; 6Hf, 1:24%. Good start.* Won ridden out. Second and
third driving. Winner. Burns & Waterhouse's br. g. by Take Notlce-Berna. Bernota well
handled. Dandy Jim -was out togged In bis best. Nellie Forest took to the woods. David S
no speed. |
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
CHICAGO, Dec. IS.— The conference on
arbitration and conciliation was enlivened
during the day by a debate between Sam
uel Gompers, president of the American
Federation of Labor, and Hugh H. Lusk,
ex-member of Parliament of New Zea
land. The venerable New Zealander dur
ing the forenoon turned aside from his
prepared address to express displeasure
at a declaration made by Mr. Gompers in
his address last night. The labor leader
on the occasion mentioned asserted that
he warned to see labor organizations re
tain the privilege of striking when they
pleased, why they pieased or merely be
cause they pleased.
"Tha.t is not liberty." cried Mr. Lusk.
"It is license.'*
At this moment Mr. Gompers entered.
The speaker continued:
"Mr. Gompers wants, conciliation and he
s-ays you can never have any conciliation
unless you are ready to cui one another's
throats. Well, it that Is the unfortunate
condition of the people of America 1 am
sorry tor them. We are not so anxious
to cut one another's throats where I came
from. I wish Mr. Gompers had taken the
trouble to Jind out what our compulsory
-rbiiration law is before he told you
about It, but. as he did not, 1 am obliged
to do It for him."
During the afternoon Mr. Gompers se
cured the stage and reiterated his asser
tions of the night previous.
"We do not elutcn each other's throats
unnecessarily, but I would rather have
the right to clutch at a man's throat
than to have my arms amputated. The
compulsory labor law is equivalent to the
amputation referred to," he said. "I want
labor to have the strength of a giant, but
10 use that strength gently."
Following this two speeches were sand
wiched in and then Mr. L.usk again se
cured the floor. He explained at length
the workings of the arbitration courts of
New Zealand, generally talking straight
at the labor president.
"You would cut my arms off In your
country." paid Mr. Gompers, speaking
from his seat.
"If you were good we would not ampu
tate your arms," replied the New Zea
lander, "but we might enlarge your
head."
A lively exchange of questions and an
swers which bewildered the audience fol
lowed. Mr. Lusk explained that during the
hearing of a dispute between an employer
_.nd his unionized employes neither could,
under penalty, change the conditions
which caused the appeal to the arbitra
tion court. The hearing, during which
neither side had the right to independent
action generally lasted about a month.
"I'd rather be at sword's points in
America and Independent than to sur
render my right to strike for one minute,'*
shouted Sir. Gompers. And with that he
left the hall.
Aside from skirmishes between these
two men, axid they toolc up considerable
time, there were numerous speeches, all
iavoring voluntary arbitration. Even Mr.
L_sk declared that America was not
ready for compulsory arbitration.
Ix-Mcmber of Parliament of New
Zealand IHspleased "With Be- *
marks Made by the Labor
President
Sharp Dtbato at the Meeting
of the Arbitration
Conference.
LOSK CRITICIZES
SAMUEL GOMPERS
Comes With a Rush Astride
Bouhdlee, Downing Alee.
BUCHANAN TURNS THE
TABLES ON O'CONNOR
Otto Cribb and Frank McConnell
to Meet on Thursday Night.
AUSTRALIAN FIGHTER
READY FOR THE MILL
Jg BERKELEY. Dec. 18.-Columbfa College
sent its final answer to California to-day,
stating that the team could not come
West. Negotiations have ceased and the
games have been declared conceled.
Columbia's reason for refusing to meet
the local team was not on account of a
disagreement over financial terms. It was
on account of -faculty intervention. The
text of the message to Graduate Manager
Reno Hutchlnson was as follows:
"Faculty refuse to allow team to take
Western trip."
•The result of the negotiations with Co
lumbia has been a disappointment to
many of the Berkeley football men. Oth
ers did not care and some of the men
who have not visited their homes for two
or three years are looking forward to
Christmas dinner with their parents with
considerable more relish than a Christ
mas day on the gridiron. Manager Hutch
inson. who all along had some doubts re
garding how the games would come out
financially, Is somewhat relieved now that
negotiations have ceased. Captain C. A.
Pringle is disappointed.
Berkeley was to have commenced-prac
tice to-day, with Coach Addlson Kelly in
charge of the team. Orval Overall, the
big freshman guard, and Harry Hudson,
end; had been sent for to return to Berke
ley. Both men had completed their ex
aminations and had gone to their homes,
Overall to Visalla and Hudson to Marys
ville/. •
Columbia originally opened negotiations
with California, proposing two games, one
In San Francisco on Christmas day and
the. other in Los Angeles on New Years.
The members of the Berkeley team met
together and voted to play. No definite
agreement could be reached by the two
managements on finances. California of
fered Columbia all expenses and 50 per
cent of the net proceeds. Columbia want
ed a guarantee that the 50 per cent would
be at least $2000. Negotiations over this
point were still pending when Columbia's
expected message was received.
Faculty of the College Refuses to Let
the Men Go and Negotiations
Have Ceased Bstween tho/., -.
Two Managements.
Columbia Wires That Her
Team Cannot Come
West to Play, v
DECLARE OFF
FOOTBALL GAMES
THE .SAN FBANCISCO CAJLL,, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 19, 1900.
AUSTRALIAN FIGHTER CRIBB AND LOCAL RINGSTER McCONNELL,
WHO WILL CLASH BEFORE THE COLUMBIA ATHLETIC CLUB AT
WOODWARD'S PAVILION FOR WELTER-WEIGHT HONORS.
Crlbb Is training at the Six Mil© House
¦with "Soldier" Green. Frank McConnell
is at work at the Seal Rock House. Re
ports from both headquarters bespeak
faithful training on the part of the con
testants. It is some time since Frank Mc-
Connell has had a chance to swing his
right on a ring opponent, and he is anx
iously awaiting the opportunity.
Preliminary to these flffhta will be a
mix-up between "Spider" Kelly and "Doc"
Flynn and Abe Attell and Jockey Bose
man.
and
itrokes.
8
Men 8 leam. i&tr jLaaies ieam. isxrj
*. H. Gaylord 12 Miss E. McBean.. 10
i. B. Goodwin.... 11 Miss Houghton 13
r. H. Mee 14 Miss EX Morgan.... 13
3. L. Abbott, Jr... Ill Mrs. R. O. Brown. 14
f.i.W, Byrne 14; MIbs Sarah Drum.. 13
-<. O. Kellogg 13, Miss Florence Ives. 14
Total I 751 Total . .........I 77
Men 8 leam. i&tr jLaaies ieam. isxrj
*. H. Gaylord 12 Miss E. McBean.. 10
i. B. Goodwin.... 11 Miss Houghton 13
r. H. Mee 14 Miss EX Morgan.... 13
3. L. Abbott, Jr... Ill Mrs. R. O. Brown. 14
f.i.W, Byrne 14; MIbs Sarah Drum.. 13
-<. O. Kellogg 13, Miss Florence Ives. 14
Total I 751 Total . .........I 77
ADVESTISEME1JTS.
STATEMENT
— OP THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE—
NORTHERN
ASSURANCE COMPANY
OK LONDON. ENGI_A.NT>. on tho Slat day of
December. A. T>. 1899, and for th» year
ending en that &&J. slm made to the Inaoranc*
Commissioner of tha State of California, pur-
suant to the provisions of sections 610 ana 811
of th« Political Code, condensed aa per blank
furnished by th» Commissioner.
CAPITAI*
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
in Cash P.500.00O W
ASSETS. "
Real Estate owned by Company $2,113,533 44
Lcar.B on Bonds and Mortgage* 1.R17.63S 81
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bond3 owned by Company.... 13,443.233 17
Amount of Loans secured by pladffa
of Bonds. Stocks and other mar- .<_-,_,-,_
ketahle securities as collateral 2.573.33* &0
Cash in Company's Office.. S.K0 93
Cash in Banks -• ;; 712, Ul U
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans yv"" 2TT.6W 90
Due from other companies and from
acents • • »i5,«X> M
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tlcn • • • * i_«, /4» ii
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Klre and Marine Risks 108.3S3 13
Rents due and accrued 5.922 »8
RtamDS .." 1.384 2a
Reversions owned absolutely by tho
Company l,foS.S53 Sj
Total Asset* 128.812.121 U
LIABILITIES. ~~ "
Lossea adjusted and «»P«£J±"; '
Losses in process of Adjustment __,.,-_
or in Suspeme t3S7,S41 £•
Losses resisted. Including ex-
GrefVpr-Vnlums on Fire Risks
running one year or less, I .
Gross 3U premlums on Fire Risks 1.T73.9T5 S3
running more than one y«ar.
j — , reinsurance pro-
LfablinV'-nd'er Life Department .... 1S.S83.37? 63
Hills narst>le 86,953 C'J
Cash dividends remaining- unpaid... 13.749 23
All other demands against tho
Company 153,307 08
Total Liabilities — J51.4n3.7J6 36
INCOME. '
Net cash actually received for Fire _
premiums :'7"V.*;' * 3 - 545 - 931 a
Net cash actually received for Ufa
premiums • ;•"•:•••:• t231.6a3 61
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, I Stocks. Loans and from
¦• all other Isources 144,005 00
Received for Rents 47.413 SI
Received for sale of Annuities 415.314 94
Total Incoma $8,245,833 II
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including I . losses of pre-
vloua years) «.953,203 63
Net amount paid for Life Losses
(Includlne I . loss of previous
ytars) 1.1W.916 71
Dividends to Stockholders 445,855 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage < • 677.734 S3
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charge* for officers, clerks etc... 721.C8 43
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes 90,557 94 j
All other payments and expendi-
tures KH.923 «
Total Expenditures J5.109.827 73
Losses Incurred during the year J3.018.106 "1
Risks and Premiums. Fire Rlska. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year J1.1S4.897.U9 $3,545,961 85
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 1.123.148.993 1.454.614 19
Net amount In force
December SI, 1899 769.931.433 ».3«3.9r: S3
* H. J. LUBBOCK. Chairman.
H. E. WILSON. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me* this 5th
day of April. 1900.
C. J. WATTS^ Notary Public.
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT,
221 SANSOME ST.,
SAN FRANCISCO.
CEO. F. GRANT, Manager.
TJNITED STATES BRA1TGH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
——OF 1 *1"H K? ¦¦'
London Assurance
CORPORATION
OF LONDON, ENGLAND, on the Jlst day of
December. A. D. 1899. and for the year
ending on that day, aa made to the Insurance
Commissioner of the State of California, pur-
suant to the provisions of sections 810 and (11
of the Political Code, condensed as per blank
furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value, of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 11.970.928 23
Cash In Company's Office 1.IS8 99
Cash In Banks • 123,823 70
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 5.SS9 53
Premiums In due Course of Collection 137,363 94
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks Jl 70
Due from other Companies for- Re- . -
Insurance on losses already paid... 13.7*4 S3
Total Assets J2.341.C53 73
LIABILITIES. -— —
Losses adjusted and unpaid $28,103 <3
losses In process of Adjustment or
in Suepense 109.S42 27
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 13,121 iO
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. (559.438 tl; re-
insurance SO per cent .179.719 21
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, JSS1.45? 63;
reinsurance pro rata 431.103 13
Gross premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Risks. | ; re-
insurance 100 per cent 1,153 «
Gross premiums on Marine Time
Risks, J ; reinsurance SO per
cent 23,4(3 44
Amount reclalmable by the Insured
on perpetual Fire Insurance Poli-
cies 174 80
AH other demands azainst the Com-
pany 88,033 63
Total Liabilities J97S.034 4«
INCOME. '
Net cash actually received for Flrt
premiums , $S0 1 ,S32 33
Net cash actually received for Ma-
rine premiums 875,290 14
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans and from
. all other sources 87,473 89
, Total Income Jl.284,401 SI
EXPENDITURES. '
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (in-
cluding ) , losses of previous
years) 1373,43150
Net amount paid for Marine Leases
(including i , losses of previous
! yeare> JS1.573 84
I Paid or allowed, for Commission or
j Brokerage 813,28 24
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 93.743 li
: Paid for State. National and Local
| taxes 43.324 SO
i All other payments and expenditures 60.638 51
1 Total Expenditures $1,241,190 67
' Losses incurred during the year $713.913 (S3
' Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
. Net amount of Risks
: written during the
i year- JUS.721.440 $974,337 09
i Net amount of Risks
expired during the -
year 115,951,743 933.117 28
I Net amount in force
; December «. 1S99..... 184.834,888 1.441.080 13
1 Risks and Premtuma. Mar. Risks. Premiums.
i Xet amount of Risks
i written during the
| year $110,971,543 $5O,38S S3
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year.. 111.537.553 £36.43155
Net amount In force .
December 31. 1899 4.888.71S 29,623 07
CHARLE3 L. CASE. V. 9. Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 2tth
day of January. 1900.
EMIL FRENKEL, Notary^ Public
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT.
221 SANSOMEST.,
• 8AN FRANCISCO. >V * T : • ;
GEO. F. GRANT, Manager
Weekly CaU,$1.00 per Year
f_L_____i now oiv i
If Never in our history have we sold so many pianos in If
B Never have our annual sales reached the results of Pi
B this sale. : At least 20 people interested in buying pianos 11
¦W came in yesterday — -and 10 more pianos were.so'd. This fl
I makes 54 in all that have gone to the homes of the buyers. [1
'¦_•;;*' Several customers have bought theirs on credit a 11
1, Think of it, a mahogany piano, of elegant tone a II
I OPEN EVENIINGS. fl
I 16 -2o OTW % rellSt.S*E i
Jl CROCKER'S IS
% FOR CHRISTMAS J
f. rKtotrllo.- rl
jy 215-217-219 BI/5H 6T. 225-227 POST ST. W^
Tr«v«lli._ Dressing C««-» Traveling Bag. Ortu Suit CaatV
Vienna Noyeltle* High Grade Umbrallaa. Calendars -
Flna Correspondence Paper* Large Una of Novelties In LeatherX.
The courts, as we have learned, started
out boldly with the rule that employers
must select suitable employes, appliances,
places for working, and also give all
proper instructions. Moreover, this was a '
positive thing they must do. If an em
ployer, however, did not attend to this
primary duty himself, but asked another
to do It for him, he was, nevertheless,
held just as strictly as though he had
done the act, or omitted to do It. himself.
He could not shield himself by saying
that he had appointed another whom ho
supposed was competent to do this for
him, and who had proved unfaithful. One
of the most frequently quoted utterances
on this subject is that of the Court of
Appeals of New Yorjt given in Fllke's
case. "The true rule, I apprehend," said
Mr. Chief Justice Church. "i3 to hold the
corporation liable for negligence or want
of proper care in respect to such acts and
duties as it is required to perform and
discharge as master or principal, without
regard to the rank or title of the agent
intrusted with their performance. As to
such acts the agent occupies the place of
the corporation, and the latter should be
deemed present and consequently liable
for the manner in which they are per
formed. If an agent employs unfit ser
vants his fault is that of the corporation,
because it occurred in the performance of
the principal's duty, although only an
agent himself. So in providing machinery
or materials, and In the general arrange-,
ment and management of the business, he
is in the discharge of the duty pertaining
to the principal."
Who Is Liable for Changing Time
Tables?
There is an important distinction or lim
itation to this rule that ought to be men
tioned here. It is the duty of a railroad
to make a general time table with respect
to the running of its trains. If It does
this through the agency of another his
act is nevertheless the company's, and if
there should be any mistake or neglignce
in doing this it would be that of tho
company. But suppose there should be a
special order for the running of a train,
as often happens— what then? This was
Fllke's case, and he was injured in conse
quence of it. His counsel contended that
the act of arranging and promulgating a
general time table by a railroad was the
duty and act of the company, and that
when there is a variation from the gen
eral time table for a special occasion, as
there was in this case, it is as much tha
duty and act of the master as the making
of the original one. Furthermore, if an
other does this for him, if he acts through
an agent, he must be responsible for that
agent as though he did this himself.
The court tn answering this argument
declared that no one doubted the com
pany's right to vary its time table. It
was at times necessary to do this, and the
necessity was so frequent as to fall within
the occurrences a railway servant is
bound to expect in the course of his em
ployment. "It is not true," says Mr. Chief
Justice Folger, "that, on an occasion like
this, it is the duty of the master, or a part
of his contract, to tee to It, as with a per
sonal right, that notice of u temporary
anJ social interference with the general
time table comes to the intelligent appre
hension of all those whom it is to govern
in the running of approaching trains. It is
utterly impracticaDie so to do, and a
brakeman or a foreman on a train knows
that it Is, as well as any person conectcd
with the business. He knows that trains
will often and unexpectedly require to be
storped and started by telegraphic orders
from distant points, and that such orders
must, from the nature of the case, be
given through servants skilled In receiving
and tranamiHing them. If there is due
care and diligence In choosing competent
persons for that duty, a negligence by
them in the performance of it Is a risk
of the employment that the coemploye
takes when he enters the service." The
court, therefore, drew a distinction be
tween an employer's duty and responsibil
ity in making and promulgating a general
time table and a special one. In the case
of a general cne this must be regarded as
the act of the master, and if he appoints
an r.gent to do the work for him he is
holden for the consequences the same as
though he had done the work himself. In
ether words, this is a personal act of the
employer, and he cannot stamp It with a
different character by asking some one
else to do the work for, him; in law it is
Still his own. .
But the changing of a time table is
a different thing. This can be done by an
other and the employer is not held respon
sible for his act. So he was not held in
the case above mentioned. The question
then arises, When can he act through
another in making changes without sub
jecting himself? Very rarely are railroad
time tables wholly changed; the changes
are not frequent and perhaps a court
would hold that in all such the changes
are to be regarded as the acts of its ser
vants and not its own. At all events, the
court has drawn such a fine distinction
that it will be difficult, we imagine, to
determine in many cases whether the
change is to be regarded as the personal
act of the employer for which he is re
sponslMe. or that of his agent for which
he is not. Possibly, the court might say
that even a single general change was
that of the employer, while all special or
temporary changes were to be regarded as
those of its agents.
Duty of Employes When Rules Exist.
Employes In many cases know the regu
lations exist, and when they do it is their
duty to find out what they are. This is
especially true of railroads. Thus a rail
road company had a printed rule requiring
each conductor before moving his train to
inform himself of Its condition. The con
ductor failed to do so, and was injured by
a defective brake, which he would, have
discovered had he used ordinary care in
his inspection. He failed to recover.
Disobedience of Orders.
If an employe has disobeyed a positive
order or rule he should be discharged, and
not to do this Is negligence. Thus a com
pany was notified that Its engineers gave
the control of Its engines to firemen in di
rect violation of its orders. Clearly the
company should have discharged them af
ter receiving such a notice.
Minors.
Another class of employes must now be
noticed— minors. • The law seeks to Impose
a graver duty on employers with respect
to making regulations and informing them
of dangers. This is. because of their inex
perience. :*¦••.-
We have seen that it is the duty of an
employer to make known any defects con
cerning appliances, or place of working,
that are»not likely to be seen by a work
man of ordinary observation, and if he
falls to do this he Is liable. In other words,
It is an employer's duty to put his em
ploye on the same plane as himself with
respect to his knowledge of an appliance
he is to use. ¦ ; ¦ •-
Minors are presumed to know less than
adults, and therefore the duty of employ
ers to give them more rules and instruc
tions Is greater. The duty to instruct a
child varies with his age and capacity.
Said Mr. Justice Hunt, of the Supreme
Court of the United States: "The conduct
of an infant of tender years is not to be
judged by the same rule which governs
that .of an adult. The care and
caution required of a child is according
to his maturity and capacity only, and this
Is to be determined in each case by tha
circumstances of that case." .
Fagg vs. McGeorge. •
A very good statement of the law has
been made by the Supreme Court of Penn
sylvania: "When young persons without
experience are employed to work with
dangerous machines it is the duty of the
employer to give suitable Instructions as
to the manner of using them, and warn
ing as to the hazard of carelessness in
their use. If the employer neglect this
duty, or if ho give improper instructions,
he » responsible for the injury resulting
from his neglect of duty. He is not an
swerable for injury to adults, nor for the
injuries to young persons who have had
that' experience from which knowledge of
danger may be reasonably presumed and
that discretion which prompts to care."
In the case in which this rule was stated
a boy 13 years old was injured. while at
tempting to clean (not a real four-legged
live mule, while in motion), but a "wood
en" ' one,- It -was a dangerous piece of
machinery even to an adult workman. The
evidence did not clearly prove that he had
received I any ' Instructions from the f ore-
LITTLE REGINA LEE, as her Cau
casian mother, Hettie Lee, calls
her; Ah Tui, es Lee Ning Toeng,
the Chinese who says he i9 her
father, is pleased to refer to her,
will be taken from her home In the heart
of the Mongolian quarter. Judge Coffey
at the conclusion of the hearing of the
petition of Secretary Kane of the Society
for the Suppression of Vice for letters of
guardianship upon the person of the little
miss, decided that longer life at the home
of her birth would be fatal to the child's
moral welfare. A guardian more suitable
to the parents than Secretary Kane will
be appointed, however, and then Regina
Lee will begin to learn the ways of the
Christian t world and to forget, her life
up among the dens and odors of China
town.
When the case was called yesterday
Mrs. Minnie Brown, Honora L. Banks
and Donaldlna Cameron were called to
the stand and all testified that the child
was not properly cared for; that she was
allowed to parade the streets after night
fall and to frequent places where Chi
nese may buy liquor. The testimony,
however, - was all to the effect that th*
mother was orderly and industrious anu
that the father was an industrious Chris
tianized Chinese employed by Mrs. Geor
giana Hyman at a salary sufficient to
secure comfort for his wife and daughter.
Their respectability did not remove the
ban of the child's environment, however,
and the court has decided that she must
be taken away.
In the interim the child will remain In
the custody of her parents, in the home
where as witnesses stated the Chinese
came to pet and carets her and where the
court said moral ruin was working Its
way.
"I have no doubt but that this child
would step from ball to worse if per
mitted €o live longer In "Waverly place.
She is In danger of being destroved as a
citizen, which gives this court jurisdiction
to act in the premises. I do not want to
take her away from her parents, but from
her environment. Hence next Friday I
will appoint a guardian to care for her
at a place where her parents can visit
her."
Little Regina was called to the bench
by Judge Coffey and in answer to the
question, of the jurist pointed at the Chi
nese occupying the witness stand and
said . in broken English: "Regina, my
name. He my father." Judge Coffey ex
amined the features of the child minutely
and gave his decision.
"The legal presumption that this Chi
nese is the father of this child controls
the court," said Judge Cortey. "He 13
her father under the law, and notwith
standing the prejudice against his race
he is not incompetent to be her guardian
and protector. He is industrious and is
commended by his employer and is doubt
less truthful, but I do not believe that he
is the father of this child. Her mother
is living In a locality— Waverly place— so
notorious that its name was changed by
law that the people might forget Its ex
istence, but it has only been changed
from a white to a Chinese place of vice.
REGINA LEE, THE LITTLE CHILD WHO HAS BEEN ORDERED TAKEN
AWAY FROM HER HOME IN CHINATOWN. AND THE CHINESE
HUSBAND OF HER MOTHER. V r -
man, or that he had. by experience, or In
any other way gained a knowledge of the
machine and of the danger of attempting
to clean it while it was running. The court
held that this was a proper case for the
jury to decide whether the boy had re
ceived needful instruction.
An. Operator in an Iron "Mill.
In another Pennsylvania case a youth
about seventeen years old and recently
employed In an Iron mill was hired for
one duty, but injured while doing, by di
rection of the foreman, another. Th»
court of review remarked that in tne case
of young persons it was the duty of the
employer to take notice of their age and
ability and to use ordinary care to pro
tect them from risks Wr.ich th#y could
not properly appreciate and to which they
should not be exposed. "Tho duty in such,
cases to warn and Instruct grows natur
ally out of the ignorance or inexperience
of the employe, and it does not extend to
those who are of mature years and who
are familiar with the employment and its
risks." In the case to which these re
marks were applied the boy had had but
very little acquaintance with hia work. He
went into the mill on Tuesday and waa In
jured the fourth day afterward. He was
injured while closing a gate between two
pairs cf rollers. The cogwheels by which
the rollers were moved were covered along
the whole length of the train except at the
point over which he had to reach to open
end close the gate. If they had been cov
ered there the accident would not have hap
pened. "In view of the youth and want of
experience in the business on his part it
was necessarily a question for the Jury
whether his employer had sufficiently
warned and Instructed him about the dan
gers of the employment, and how to avoid
them, or had done all that waa reasonably
necessary to protect him from injury."
An Operator In a Cotton ts\\\.
In another case a boy of fourteen year*
old was injured while operating a macnlna
in a cotton mill. The machine was not
dangerous, and so no special instruction,
so the court said, concerning the manner
of using it was required. Furthermore, it
was clearly shown that he had sought and
received all the instructions needful to
quality him for the position he held.
A Tin- Stamping' Case.
One more application of this rul© may b«
mentioned. A boy fourteen years old,
who was not familiar with machinery,
wa3 put at work by his employer at a tin
stamping machine. He sat at a high
bench, put the piece of tin in Its place on
the machine with his right hand and then
pressed his foot on a lever which brought
down a heavy hammer on the tin. The
foreman, when setting the boy at work,
stamped a few pieces of tin to show htm
how to do the work. On the second day,
while the boy was stamping a piece of tin
it slipped out of its place. Ha leaned over
to put it in place, and as ha did so. hia
bench being shaky, he pressed his foot on,
the lever, which started the hammer, and
it came down on his fingers and crushed
them. He sued his employer, but failed to
recover anything, the Court of Review re
marking that "there was no danger in.
this particular machine that was not as
obvious to a boy of fourteen as to an
adult. He could see that if he placed his
hand under the stamp it would bo
crushed. If boys are not allowed to use.
machinery until they have become accus
tomed to its use it would be difficult for
them to learn any useful trade or occupa
tion by which to earn a livelihood."
"Working 1 an Engine.
An instructive case has been decided in
Ohio. A boy was Injured while in tee em
ploy of the Cleveland Rolling Mill Com
pany. His duty was to turn off and on
steam at a steam ensrine. To do this h*»
had to stand near a shaft which revolved
when the engine was in motion. At the
time of the accident a short belt was
hanging loose on the shaft, when caused
the Injury. The court remarked that
three different rules had been applied
to such cases. On© was that children
were bound to exercise the same degree
of care as adults: another wholly freed
small children from negligence: another
"that a child Js held to no greater care
than Is usually possessed by children of
the same age." For one, we fail to aee
anything very luminous in this rule, even
though it is supported by the great weight
of authority. What degree of care, if any.
must a child exercise, and what Instruc
tion, if any. must be fiven to him before
he begins his work? These are th© ques
tions that require answer, and the rula
above mentioned does not throw much
light on them. The court, however, in
reviewing the case put forth, as we think
far more wisdom than Is contained in th©
rule itself. "It may be safely laid down
as a general rule," says the court, "that
persons who employ children- to work with
or about dangerous machinery or In dan
gerous places should anticipate that they
will exercise only such Judgment, discre
tion and care an is usual among children
of the same age under similar circum
stances, and are bound to use due care
having regard to their aga and inexperi
ence, to protect them from the dangers in
cident to the situation in which they are
placed, and as a reasonable precaution In
the exercise of such care in that behalf
it is the duty of the employer to so
instruct puch employes concerning th«
dangers connected with their employment
which from their youth and inexperience
they may not appreciate or comprehend
that they may, by the exercise of such
care as ought reasonably to be expected
of them, puar.l against and avoid injuries
arising therefrom." A rational rule, truly,
that may be properly applied in the cases
we have described.
ALBERT S. BOLLES,
University of Pennsylvania.
BOTVTE STTJI>"x" CIRCLE QTTBKTBS.
126. What Austrian minister waa fribwn
as "the European coach driver"?
127. What Queen first established field
hospitals and appointed surgeons to at
tend an army?
12S. What distinguished editor la a son
of the author of the "Lucy" and "RollA"
books? f
123. "What Frenchman was dictator dor-
Ing the siege cf Paris?
130. Which ©f Louis Philippe's daughters
has been described as "Alexander Ill's
nightmare, Francis Joseph's bogy and
Bismarck's sleeping' draught, one of the
three clever women of Europe-— Bulgaria's
mother"?
131. What Kins is said never to have
smiled except when he heard of the mas
sacre of St. Bartholomew, at which he
laughed outright?
• 132. Who Is the only Spaniard mentioned
in the Bible;
133. What King of Prance lived In
Brooklyn?
134. What Roman patriot, while escap
ing from Rome In a litter, was assassi
nated at the instigation of Mark Antony?
135. What genial essayist was known to
his early friends as "Mr. Guy"?
136. What Duke, afterward King, was
generally called "Crook-Back"?
137. Who sent to Charlemagne the keys
of the holy sepulcher of Jerusalem?
Answers.
113. Chaucer. 114. Joaquln 'Miller. Hi
The Madonna of the Chair. 115. Herschel
117. Count Mettemlch. 113. Queen Louise
of Denmark. 113. Edward VL 13). Justin
ian. 1ZL Louis Xrv. 122. Lafayette. 123.
Kipling. 124. Cleopatra's. 125. Alfred the
Great.
Lord Fairfax of Cameron.
The really Telegraph prves some Inter
esting details as to Lord Fairfax, -whosa
death took place at his plantation. North
ampton, Prince George County, Md.— a
house 150 years old with an estate of som*
seven hundred acres attached to it. Lord
Fairfax, who was a direct descendant of
the great Parliamentary commander la
chief, though a peer of Scotland, was a
citizen of the United States. Though ha
did not. of course, assume the title, it was
not in any sense dormant, and its pas
sage through male heirs ever since tne
family have lived In America has been
well recognized. The title descends to tho
late Lord's eldest son, who is a elerk in
the Xew York banking-house of Brown
Brothers & Co. The fact* that this most
historic title belongs to an American is
a pleasant and picturesque illustration of
ho*w closely the two nations are allied by
blood. We wish the title were not a
Scotch one. and that Lord Fairfax could
every now and again take his »e*t In tha
House of Lords as the noble Lor4 from
the United States.— London Soecutot.
1~/%\A/ E~BSSONSl BJnPLOYBRS AND EmF»LO"VBe.
Copyright, 19OO, b y Seymour JSatOTV.
INSTRUCTIONS TO EMPLOYES-MINORS.
There will be a meeting Friday- evening
In the maple room of the Palace Hotel to
devise ways and means for supporting the
State University. • The feeling among
many of the - university's friends Is that
there is need of some legislative action
providing for a tax which may be used
directly for the support • of the college.
Quite a few prominent men are Interested
in the movement, ¦ and speeches will- : be
made by President "Wheeler, W. R. Davis,
General Barnes, William H. Mills and
others. , •
To Aid State University.
Easton, Eldridge & Co. auctioned real
estate "yesterday. Bids were received for
various properties as follows: Lot on
north line of California street. 200 feet
west from Goxxsti street. 23x137:6, $7400;
cast line of Baker street, 150 feet north
from Post, 25x100. with cottage of four
rooms, J22U0; east line of Scott, 30 feet
south from Fell, 27:6x87:6. with two flats
of five and seven rooms and bath.. $5600;
south line of Hranran st., 137:6 east from
Third street, 37;6xl37:6, with four small
flats, $4400; north line of Clementina
street, 120 feet east from Second, 25x80,
with 4 flats, $3000; north line of Vallejo.
110 feet west from Baker. 25x137:6, $5350:
east line of Lexington avenue, 107:6 north
from Twenty-first street, 25x80, with six
room house, ?24O0."S5B®2asggS8raS
Realty Is Sold at Auction.
Judge Daingerfleld pained seven voted
yesterday in his contest to' the election
of Thomas F. Graham to the Superior
bench. This makes a gain of twenty-nine
votes for Judge Daingerfield - since the re
count begran. No evidences of fraud have
as yet been discovered, Judge Daingrer
fleld'B gain being due to votes thrown out
through errors committed by voters.
A contest to the will of the late Jennie
Ney la Roche, who died August 1 last,
leaving an estate valued at $15,000, which
she bequeathed to her housekeeper.
Johanna Kelley, and other friends, was
filed yesterday by James Hislop, who al
leges that he Is a cousin of the deceased
and her nearest of kin. He says he Is
the son of Elizabeth B. Hislop, a sister of
decedent's mother. Unsound mind Is
named as cause of action.
Amelia "Weteon has sued Andrew N.
Wetson for a divorce, alleging desertion
as cause of action.
Court Notes.
The most beautiful ladies' shoes ever
made will be sold- to-morrow for $1 85 a
Sair. Only a few words about this shoe,
lade of vlcl kid, hand turned, stylish
coin toe, worth $3 50; sold for $1 85 at the
Ehoe trust sale of the Bee Hive Shoe Com
pany. 717 Market street, near Third. *
Have a Look at Them.
ered way when the woman made her wild
plunge, and it was due to Captain Jones'
luck that he was able to change the
course of the Piedmont in order to save
the woman's life.
The tugboat Rescue came along Just
as the Piedmont was reversing her en
gines. Some of the deckhands on the
tug made a grab at the woman, but
failed to catch her. . The back wash from
the vessel neany drowned her, how
ever, and she was more dead than alive
when pulled out of the water by the life
saving crew of the Piedmont.
As soon as the Piedmont docked t'le
woman was taken to the Harbor Hospital.
She would not give her name, but on
an envelope and also on a prescription
written by Dr. McCone was the name
Mrs. C. L. Dell.
The letter was addressed to "The Belle
vue Sanitarium. Polk and Jackson
streets." It began "My Dear Alice" and
was dated from Alameda, being signed
"Minnie." In the communication "Min
nie" spoke of "Alice's" mental troubles,
and wanted to know why Alice had re
fused to talk to her when she called at
the hospital a week ago.
Dr. McCone refused to talk about the
case. He said Mrs. Dell's mind was un
balanced and that she should be locked
up in an asylum. He referred all who
wanted information to L. M. Hoefler, the
attorney.
When spoken to over the phone Mr.
Hoefler said Mrs. Dell had been sick for
a long time; that her husband was for
merly agent for the Atlantic and Pacifle.
and was later an employe of the Soutn
ern Pacific. During the strike of the
trainmen about eight years ago he went
crazy and has since been confined in
N'apa. His wife has been cared for by
friends, and, Judging from appearances,
she has not been neglected. Everything
the woman wore was of the neatest and
the best, ¦while the change of clothing
she carried with her when leaving the
hospital was as good. Everything she
had at the sanitarium she took along
with her. and her alarm clock was still
ticking at 5:30 p. in. She had not a
cent In her purse ¦when picked up, but a
kind-hearted passenger gave Captain
Jones $5 with which to provide for the
would-be suicide.
"The woman is suffering from some
nervous disorder," said Dr. Starr yes
terday evening, "and should be re
strained. From her condition I do not
wonder that she . Jumped overboard.
People in her state of mind are likely
to do anything, and I suppose the sight
of the ¦water and the movement of the
ship caused her to lump Into the bay."
Mrs. Dell is as silent as a sphinx. As
to how. she feels or whether she wants
anything she will answer readily, but
when It comes to asking anything about
her own personal affairs she will not
speak.
BOYS ARRESTED
FOR BURGLARY
Thei Terrors of North Beach
and Bernal Heights in
Prison.
Four Incorrigible boys were arrested at
an early hour yesterday morning In a va
cant house on Pacific street by Policemen
Hutchins and Haggett and booked at the
City F.ison on a charge of burglar}'. They
are accused of having hired a wagon on
the morning of December U. driven to the
house of J. M. Pimental, 1531 Lombard
street, while the family was temporarily
absent, and having stolen there a dozen
white fhlrts, a clock, dirk knife, revolver
and other articles. They paid $1 60 for the
use of the wagon. They were Identified
as the burglars through selling several of
the stolen articles.
The boys are Genlo Dalta. 19 years of
age; Charles Spano, 12 years of age;
Ralph Amorose, 12 years of ag-e.
and Tony Cnella, 12 years of age.
The three last named have been repeat
edly arrested for burglary* and robbery
and have been font at different times to
the Boys' and Girls' Aid Society. The
last time they were in trouble was for
robbing a Chinese woman in Chinatown.
They appeared before Judge Fritz yester
day and the case was continued tUl to
dav. In the meantime the District Attor
ney will decide what to do with them.
A warrant was also eeenred yesterday
from Judge Mogan for the arrest of three
boy burglars who have been terrorizing
the residents on Bernal Heights. The
eotrplainins 1 witness is Henry Reuben, a
barber at 4OT Cortland avenue. Tho boys
are James Gannon, Charles Fisher and
Ralph Becker. Gannon and Fisher have
been arrested by Policeman Josephs and
are locked up in the "tanks." They broke
Into Reubens barber shop on December 7
and cleaned out the place, not even leav
ing . the stove. Reuben also secured a
search warrant to recover the stove,
which he alleged was in Gannon's father's
house. Policeman Josephs says that- the
boys broke Into the schoolhouse on the
heights and stole all the plates, books and
everything else they could carry away, In
cluding the school flag. Their parents, Jo
sephs says, have 'lost all control over
them.
Some Specialties for Christmas.
The most elaborate assortment of ladies'
purses that have been shown In. the city
are those on exhibition at Cooper's. 716
Market street. Nothing Is more appro
priate for Christmas, and the lines -em
brace some of the very latest patterns in
the newest leathers and gorgeous mount
ings. •
Chinese Tourists.
Customs Collector Stratton received
yesterday an order from the Secretary of
the Treasury to tho effect that all Chi
nese peeking admission Into the United
States at this port and elsewhere must
furnish four copies of certificates for each
person making application- The Chinese
Bureau officials say that the order will
put the tourists and the office \o consid
erable Inconvenience.
Wj C. Haley, the gypsy who was caught
stealing turkeys from the barn of Fred
Frerichs, grocer, 1600 Folsom street, early
Sunday morning, was convicted of petty
larceny by Judge Cabaniss yesterday. He
was sentenced' to five months In the
County Jail.
John Hudson, who stole nut-crackers
and a bicycle wrench from the lodging
house of Mrs. Tillie A. Irwin. 928 Eddy
street, and was booked on a charge of
burglary, appeared before Judge Conlan
yesterday. The Judge reduced the charge
to petty larceny and sentenced Hudson to
six months in the County Jail. •
Ralph Braizee returned a few days ago
from a ranch In Oregon where he had
been working and gave his cousin, Ella
Howell, 311 Jessie street. $120 to keep for
him on Sunday while they 'went out to tho
Cliff House, as he was afraid it might
be etolen from him. She stole away from
him at the Cliff House and when he saw
her next day she pretended that she had
lost- him In the crowd. He asked her for
the $120 and she said she had been drugged
and robbed of the money. He did not be
lieve her and yesterday eecured a war
rant from Judge Cabaniss for her arrest
on the charge of felony embezzlement.
Niels Jessen, grocer, Sutter and Lark'n
streets, secured a 4 warrant from Judge
Cabaniss yesterday for the arrest of
Frank Rleckenberg, an ex-soldler, on the
charge of forgery. June 25 last Jessen
cashed for Rieckenberg a check for $20
which purported to be signed by C. H.
Robinson. 'When the check was presented
at the Crocker-Woolworth Bank It was
marked "no account." Rleckenbere is In
a hospital in Oakland. He swindled a
number of people there and It was dl,
covered that a wound in his head received
at the battle of Wounded Knee with the
Indians had depressed his Ekull and ac
cording to the doctors had made him irre
sponsible. Jessen wants to test the ac
curacy of the doctors" diagnosis In court.
Police Court Notes.
The body of an unknown man with the
throat cut was found early yesterday
morning lying in the surf at the Junction
of Taylor and Beach streets by John Pas
quoletl and H. Hoffman. The man's
coat was found floating In the water
close at hand. The body was taken to
the Morgue and searched, but nothing
was discovered that would tend to Iden
tify it. He was about 33 years old, 5 feet
S inches tall, light complexion, light blue
eyes, small reddish mustache and brown
hair. The clothing was a dark cheviot
suit, white shirt, laced shoes and gray
underwear. In the pockets were a shav
ing brush, a razor strop, a small hone for
penknives, a stamp pouch containing two
opium capsules softened by the action ot
the salt water, a white cotton handker
chief, a red bandana and a strip of white
cotton torn from the lower part of a
shirt. The body had not been In the
water more than ten or twelve hours.
Chief of Police Sullivan detailed De
tective T. B. Gibson to Investigate the
case and ascertain the identity of the
dead man. When the tide went out the
detective found partly buried in the sand
near the point where the body had laid
a. butcherknife and a whetstone. The
blade of the knife was as Bharp as that
of a razor, and It was no doubt the wea
pon with which the unfortunate man had
killed himself.
Body of an Unknown Man Is Found
in the Bay at the Foot of Tay
lor Street.
ENDS HIS TROUBLES
WITH KNIFE AND IN WATER
was a deliberate attempt
I at suicide from the ferry steamer
I Piedmont on the 5:30 trip yester
31 day afternoon. A well-dressed and
handsome woman jumped from
th« forward deck and Just how she
missed the paddle-wheel is a mystery.
The ferry-boat had no more than gath-
MRS. C. L. (ALICE) DELL, WHO ATTEMPTED TO COMMIT SUICIDE
FROM THE OAKLAND FERRY STEAMER PIEDMONT ON THE 3:20
P. M. TRIP YESTERDAY. MRS. DELL HAD A NARROW ESCAPE.
Those to whom the estate would have
been distributed in event of^the death of
the father and daughter at the same time
are: The Young Men's Christian Associa
tion; the children of decedent's brother.
Samuel C. Brown; the children of his
niece, Carrie M> Clark; the children of
his niece, Laura Brown, and the children
of his niece. Nettie L. Tuttle.
The testator finally requests his
daughter to select such of his books from
his library as she wishes to keep in her
home and to give the reBt to the Bo
hemian Club.
The deceased requests his daughter to
keep up payments to charities as was his
habit in life, and the will provides that in
event an accident should cause his and his
daughter's death at the same time, then
his estate should be devised to various
charities and collateral heirs.
Decedent bequeaths his entire estate to
his only daughter, Delia J. F. Brown,
whom he names as executrix to serve
without bonds. Decedent's widow, Delia
F. N. Brown, who now resides at Pine
rolo, Italy, is given no specific bequest,
and the deceased falls to mention whether
or not she Is entitled to any community
interest in the estate. The testator re
quests hi3 daughter to send her monthly
remittances, however.
The will of William E. Brown, who died
on the 11th inst. leaving an estate val
ued at $350,000, was hied for probate yes
terday. The estate consists of shares In
the Crocker- Wool worth Bank, a one
fourth interest In a railroad and lumber
company in Shasta County, timber lands,
a ranch in Glenn County, a ranch in Tu
lare County, lots in Alameda and stock in
various mining companies.
Provides In Will That She Is to
Receive Monthly Allowance
From His Sole
-Devisee.
Capitalist Brown Makes No
Specific Bequest to
His Widow.
GIVES A FORTUNE
TG HIS DAUGHTER
The Demented Wife of a Demented Man
Seeks Surcease From Sorrow.
TRIES TO END HER LIFE
IN WATERS OF THE BAY
REGINA LEE'S LIFE IN
CHINESE QUARTER ENDED
Judge Coffey Orders Tiny Miss Away From
Home of Her Mongolian Father.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 19, 1900.
VALLEJO. Dec. 18.— Dr Hogan. assisted by
Dr. Wentworth, U. B. X., on December 9
grcfted forty inches , of «kln upon the arm of
Robert Dunham. To-day the patient has the
full use of his arm. wrist and fingers, and
before long he will have fully recovered. The
skin was taken from Thomas Roy, a lad of 15,
th* operation consuming three hoars.
The trustees of the Mechanics' Institute
at the semi-monthly meeting held last
evening took the first step In the> much
desired affiliation of the organization with
the many independent scientific societies
in this city. By a -jnanlmous vote the
offer of the Pacific Philatelic Society to
donate its valuable'- collection to the li
brary was' accepted, the condition that
the twenty-five members . of the society
be accepted as members of the library
also being granted. ,
Librarian Teggart thus sees the ulti
mate success of a plan he has long cher
ished, and similar steps will soon be taker,
by the library to secure the affiliation, of
the Medical. Geographical. Technical and
other societies. Vice President Kendrick
and Trustees Beanston, Brunt, Healy; Mc-
Laren, Neal, Taussig, Wallis. Wilson and
Cosgrave all spoke in favor of the affilia
tion, which, will increase the membership
of the library and at the same time add
to the collection of volumes.
Trustee Healy caused a slight stir in
the harmony of the meeting by introduc
ing a resolution that the trusteeship of
Louis Risdon Mead be declared invalid,
on the ground that when elected last
February,' Mead was not a resident of this
city, as required by the constitution.
For several months there has existed
considerable feeling between Trustees
Healy and Mead as to the election of Li
brarian Teggart. -The trustees last even
ing did not feel like ousting Mr. Mead,
and the matter .: was finally sent to the
finance committee and the vice president
to adjudicate. :¦-.-':
Secretary Cumming submitted his quar
terly report ending November 30. which
showed receipts as follows: Library.
$S120 30; Pavilion. $3157 30; Folsom-street
grounds. $845 72; total. $12,123 62. with cash
on hand at the beginning of the quarter.
1-199 53. Expenses— Library. 83S5 OS: Pavil
ion, $2522 93: ' Folsom-street grounds.
$1920 34; total, $12,838 35. Deficit. $305 20.
Librarian Teggart's quarterly report
showed that during the three months end
ing November 30. 1S2 new members had
Joined; 2196 new books and periodicals had
been received; 30,024 volumes had been is
sued for home use, and 3776 members were
in good standing.
Owing to the practice of members filinir
written requests for new books before
the- volumes had been received at the li
brary and In order to avoid friction, the
trustees decided that in future no writ
ten request for a book would be received
until the book required had been In thu
library for sixty days.
A new design was adopted for use -as
a bookleaf label and the trustees also in •
dorsed two resolutions received from the
California Club— one asking the next Leg
islature to take steps for the protection
of the'meadowlark. another asking the
Federal Government to foster a payinj?
forest industry similar to the one in
vogue in Germany:
The offer of two printing houses to
print the -monthly catalogue gratis, on
condition that they be allowed to secure
advertising in the same, was sent to the
printing committee for consideration. The
board also favored the report of the li
brarian as to the formation of an 'absent
rhiembershlp list and the extension of a
country membership, Wells-Fargro Com
pany promising low rates on all ship
ments of books.
MECHANICS' INSTITUTE WILL SOON
AFFILIATE WITH MANY SOCIETIES
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
9
From " The Boy Who Built
a Troll fj 'Car."
With thirty-nine illustrations by F. Y. Cory.
doth. 12mo. $1*25.
By Charles Battell Loomis
"One of the b«st, if not the best of the books for boys
that have recently come to our notice."— The Churchman.
** Voting and old will be vastly entertained by the up-to-
doteness of this practical serio-comic recital of 20th cen-
tury drings."— Boston Globe.
ff j^^nchantments
NEW ENGLAND FAIRY. TALES
Combination Writing Desk
and "VJu^ic Cabinet.
Mahogany Cr.lrh: handsome inl&ld work on
front. Thli would be an ornament to any
ror.m; also \ - «y useful.
COMPLETE HOISEFLRMSH1NG A
SPECIALTY.
6pecia! Prices (or the Holiday**.
Fr*e Aettverr within TOO miles on 123 worth
and ever.
CASH OR CREDIT.
BRILLIANT'S,
.138-342 Post Street.
Near Powell. Open Evenings.
the Corners.
What thin folks need Is flesh or muscle,
not l»t.
To t>* symmetrical and properly propor-
tioned every person should have a certain
amount of excess flesh, but to be plump
coes not necessarily mean to be fat.
Fat Is undesirable: it clogs and retards
the action of the muscles, interferes with
»he healthy action of the heart and lungs
a.c3 when very excessive, predisposes too
:auy tfegentration of vital organs, to say
r.athing cf the <iiscomfort resulting from
too much adipose tissue.
Common stnse would suggest that if one
tylshes to t**come fleshy and plump the
tblns most needed would be flesh forming
food— ;hat is. albuminous foods like eggs,
beef, catmeal, etc.
The kinds of food wfclch make flesh are
the foods we have on our tables every
<!ay; but the trouble is that our stomachs
from weakness or derangement of some
kind do net promptly and properly digest
Really, the principal reason so many peo-
ple remain thin is because their stomachs
co not proptrly and completely digest and
tssimilate the Sesh forming beefsteak and
c-ggrs we eat every day.
There ar*» thousands of such people, and
they are really dyspeptics, although they
may net suffer any particular pain or in-
convenience from their stomachs.
If such rersons 2nd all thin people
would take after their meals some simple
nr.d natural dis^«rive, like Stuart's Ijys-
r*-psia TaMets. the food would be quickly
t i^csted and the proper degree of p'.ump-
i e* f^ \iry s?ocn result because these tab-
irtB s.T<r prepared exact'.y for that purpose.
Th«-y cipest < very variety of flesh forming
food, which Is the real reason why they
eo quickly build up and strengthen thin,
dr*pepttc rnen and women.
gtuart's Dyspepsia Tablets cure every
form cf indipestion on this common-sense
r.l*n. that they thoroughly digest the food
promptly, giving strength to every nerve
end orgpn in the body, and the weakened
etomach a chance to rest and recover its
r.Rivjrcl v^sror. Nothing- further is required
to cure any stomach trouble, except can-
cer cf the Ftcmach. They make thin, dys-
TTtic peoplf strong, plump and well.
This exceHent preparation Is sold at 50c
for full-sized treatment by all drupeists
in I'r.lted States, Canada and Great
Britain. . j
MUSCLE AND NOT FAT.
What Thin People Need to Ttormd OS
ADVERTISEMENTS.
.,43^. PAINLESS
""-J* 1 815% GBART STREET
Between Hyde and Larkln.
Telephone Polk CU9, —
Inquire of your, bookxelkr or write to
McCXURE, PHILLIPS & (& PUBI^HERS r raW YOT^
"Ko=Nut"
A Pure Sterilized Cocoa-
nut Fat. Guaranteed free
from animal matter.
For Shortening
and Frying:
Superseding Butter, Lard
and Compounds.
Ask your grocer or write
India Refining Co.,
Philadelphia.NEW YORK, Dec. lt— The Irregularity and
unsettled condition of the stock market to-day
was due to var'oue conflicting causes. ' There
*« etUl some evidence of the Important buy-
Ing which has been prominent for many days
row and winch Is commonly attributed to
operations by large banking Interests, looking
to the consolidation of control of many corn
ptting and connecting railroad systems. The
buying of this kind was, however, distinctly
lese than for some time past. Efforts were
made by professional operators to give an ap
pearance of a continuance of this class of
transactions. . but the manipulative character
cf many movements designed to give this lm
preMion became rather obvious and begot some
feeling of doubt and distrust. Tfee crop of
rumore regarding additional plans for euch
consolidation etill to be put into effect showed
romr vagueness Snd were not free from In
trinsic evidences of probability. In spite of
the credulous mood which has recently pre
\alled in Wall street regarding anything thai
pointed to consolidation the influence of those
movements and etorles therefore lost some of
their force. Another unsettling Influence
waa London' t change of front. After buy
•— activate km yesterday tbat center sold
New York Stock Market.
CAUL CALfiNDiA'
DKCEMBEB, 1900.
Wheat opened steady at a ; slight ; advance.
Higher quotations , from Liverpool ¦„ gave the
market a ' firm undertone, though little im
provement In the volume of trading resulted.
For aome time the market held steady within
an exceedingly narrow range « on a small fea
tureless trade, but before . noon marked I weak
ness developed. Argentine ' cables told ¦ of • a
large acreage In that country and also report
ed a large exportable . surplus. : Primary re
ceipts were heavy and a continued free move
ment' toward '.primary, points was reported. A
world's visible Increase of 2,382,000 bushels add
ed to the ¦ depression.; and some of i the . moat
prominent' bulls war* > sellers ; late In '¦ the ¦ «e«-
CHICAGO, Dec. li.— Corn started with a rush
that apparently Indicated considerable . alarm
among shorts. W^th stocks of contract stuff
already low, - there was ' not a single car of
contract corn among, the 738 that were In
spected to-day and shorts' who have hereto
fore been holding off In ¦ the , expectation bf . a
reaction were driven in." January shorts for tho
first time showed nervousness and the price of.
that option advanced quite rapidly for a time
under active bidding. May alone digressed, al
though there was a fair demand for that fu
ture. Starting at 4O@40V4c, an advanoe of *i®lc
December corn Jumped to- 41c in . the first few
minutes' trading, while January, opening; un
changed at SeV44}'3G^4c advanced to 36%c. - After
the first flurry was over,'' trade quieted some
what,' but, near i the close- the market again
showed" considerable strength."-" Shorts' renewed
their attempts to, cover. December advanced
to 41o and closed at that price. January ad
vanced to 37c and closed at 36?&@36%c. , There
was quite ! free selling of May. May closed at
ssvic. ' - - ¦ - : ¦ ¦ v - > ¦
i . , WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa. . 70% 72 Sprine 94 94U
feiarin County, sift — .» " " **»
Bay Co P Co.104%105 Oak "Water 5s..l04H105»*
Cai-st Cab 33.IM — Oceanic S3"5s.ll0 111
C T^ a i, er e 68 -i2? ~ iOm C Ry «s..i28 w
Ed L & P 6S...131 — 1 V»o *1 imp t» .ui .
F & Cl Ry «s. — • — 'P ft Cl Ry 6s."lO5 109 i
Geary-Bt R 5s. - 91 P «. u K R to.liMi _
li CAS 5V4s.. — — Pow»U-»»'n ft* 113
Do Bs ..102% — Sac E G&R 5s — loov
L A. Ry 58...110..111U S P & SJV SslMKiavu
La Lt Co to.. — lttf t* K ut. v,iu t» _ 7 *~p*
Do gntd 6s... — . — B P R of A 6s 11334114
LAgntd5s....- 10* B P C 6s (1006 *"*
L A P R R Ss.lW - (Series A)....1C9« _
Market-st 6s... 128% - Do (Series B)imi --
Do 1st M 5s. 122* — Do (1»C«).. fij ii««
N C N G R 7a. - 114 Do U312K Si —
N R of Cal 6s. 114% - B P R 1st r «»1O7U _
DO6S. ..119 - S P R 6.T...131*-
NPCRR6S.101 — B V Wat«.r «s liiu _
Do Ss ;.10S — Do 4s ¦....'. *103 103S'
Oak Tran 6s..U9H120Vi J*T m U3
MISCKIJLAXEOUS nONPM.
i Bld.«A*V. ¦ RM *«fc.
4s quar coup..ll6 116% 4s do cp (new).128%!33
4s do reg 115 115% 3s do coup 110 110%
«; TUESDAT. Dec. IS— S p. m.
UNITED STATES i«J.XI>d.
The oil stocks continued active, with higher
prices for Caribou at 65c, and Hanford-Fresno-
Kern- River at 5O@51c. There were large sales
of Home Oil on the morning session at (4@4 10.
The - Homestake Mining Company has de
clared the usual regular and extra dividends
of twenty-five cents i>er share each, amount-
Ing to $106,000. payable on the 26th.
The California Fruit Canners' Association
has declared the usual monthly dividend of
sixty cents per share, payable on the 20th.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
Local stocks and bonds were quiet, with a
decline^ In. Gas. and Electrlo to 48%.
.:- CALL BOARD: SALES. .
' Informal i Session— 9:15 ' o'clock— May— 18.000
ctls, $1 03%: 2nd May— 2000 ctls,- »1 03%; Decem
ber, 1901— 2000, $1 os%. . . ¦¦ •• - .- •¦-,= --;
v Reg. ' A." M.— May— 2000 ctls, $1 01%; December.
U01-2000,:n 08«: . X -- • .
May— £000 ctls." »1 OSH. -" - «
BAJ^LtEY— The \ Improvement , In Z««4 . beta**
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Spot freights are quiet
at 38s 9d, usual options/ ; The "chartered wheat
fleet In port has a registered tonnage of 57,700,
against 35,120 tons on the same date last year;
dteer.gaged,~8311 tons, against S54S; on the way
to this port, 108.000 tons, : against 199.700. A
charter is reported at 'the spot rate. > • ¦ "
WHEAT— The markets ' everywhere are still
reported quiet 'and without especial • feature.
Bradstreefs figures out an Increase of 2.S32.0OO
bushels in the ; world's visible- supply. Snow
cables that , great . errors ¦ are being •¦¦ made v in
Argentine ; estimates, ; and • that . no - account - is
being taken of the large * Increase In -the acre
age of that country. In the province of Buenos
'Ayres alone, 'he says, there are R 1,000,000 . moro
acres eeeded than in 1899; the crop of that prov
ince will be 16, 000, 000 bushels more than- last
ytar," while the exports will not be more than
15 per cent of 1899. '¦•¦,'K : ;.¦' : > J ' ';
• Chicago was ¦xery dull, -but firm, the 'strength
In Corn being a sustaining factor. . Traders did
considerable \ selling ¦ of short wheat. The > ten
dency Is toward ' Increased liquidation. = Long
wheat is coming out on stop orders, while the
foreigners are very ¦ moderate buyers ; of t de
ferred shipments. ,-. , ., -"*;*..• >--•.<¦:-,.-.: •- j
¦ The local market was a : fraction *¦ lower . all
around, and dull and weak at the decline.
' Spot Wheat— Shipping, 96%c; milling fl@l 02tf
per ctl." .-¦¦•. ¦' - -¦ -¦'¦¦ .¦ ,•¦•-- - ,-. : -«- -
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days... — $4 83
Sterling Exchange, sight — , 4 85H
Sterling Cables .................— 4 88^4
New York Exchange, sight....... — 5
New York Exchange, telegraphic — . "Vi
Fine Silver, per ounce , — .64
Mexican Dollars, nominal......... 50% ® 51
Exchange and Bullion.
THE STOCK MARKET.
LOCAL MARKETS,
NEW TORK. Dee. 18.— Procrastination was
the order of the day in the cotton nlarket.
Early fluctuations were tolerably energetic and
of generous scope, but business could at no time
be called active, and after the first hour was
very dull. The room element appeared to be
content to await the passage of the holidays
before making extensive fresh ventures.
New York Cotton Market.
Inquiry for the desirable grades of evaporated
apples remains fair at current quotations. The
undertone of the market was firm and prices
at the close were tending upward. State com
mon, quoted at 4@5o; prime, 4%@6>4c; choice
B%4?6c: fancy, 6®7.
/ California dried fruits were quiet and nomi
nally unchanged at 3V4S8V4c per pound for
prunes, as to size and quality. Apricots— Royal,
ll@14c; Moorpark. 15@16c. Peaches— Peeled, 16®
20c; unpeeled. Gig 9c. * . • .
EGGS— Receipts, 6497 packages; easier; West
ern, regular packing at mark, 21@25c; Western,
loss off, 27c
BUTTER— Receipts. 9473 packages; . barely
steady; creamery, 17® 23c; June creamery, 17@
23c; factory, ll%@l«c.
SUGAR— Raw, steady; fair refining, 3%c; cen
trifugal, 9G test, 4%c; molasses sugar. S%c; re
fined, steady.
. COFFEE— Futures closed steady with prices
5 to 10 points net lower. Sales, 13,375 bags, in
cluding May. B.75@5.80o; July, 5.80@S.E5c: Sep
tember, 5.95c; October, 6.00c. Bpot coffee— Rio.
weak; No. 7 invoice. 7c nominal; mild, market
quiet; Cordova, 9%@lS%c.
WOOL-
WHEAT— Receipts, 146,150 bu; exports, 129.150
bu. Spot, easy; No. 2 red, 77%c f. o. b. afloat:
No. 2 red, 75%o elevator; No. 1 Northern Du
luth, 83%o f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard I>uluth,
S7V4c f. o. b. afloat; options worked from a
steady opening on) the strength In corn to mid
day and afternoon weakness, resulting from an
absence of outside support, a large Increase in
world stocks, bearish Argentine . crop news and
liquidation; closed easy, He to %c net lower;
March, 79<g79 9-16c, closed 79%c; May, 78%@
79 3-16c, closed 7SHC] December, 76%@77%c,
closed 76%c.
HOPS— Steady.
HIDES— Steady.
NEJW TORK. Dec 18.— FLOUR— Receipts. 23,
450 bbls: exports, IS, 154 bbls. The market was a
ehade' easier against checking demand.
TUESDAY. Deo. IS— 4 p. m.
Bid.Ask. Bld-Ask.
Alpha 03 05 Justice CJ 03
Alta 03 C6 Kentuck 61 03
Andes 08 03 Lady Waab_... — 03
Belcher 14 13 Mexican . . S3 34
Beat & Belcher 28 27 ! Occidental ..... M 05
Bullion 02 04 Ophlr «l C
Caledonia 47 48 Overman 10 13
Chollar 13 16 Potosl 11 14
Challenge- Con.. » 2l!Pava*» H IS
Connaence 65 60 1 Scorpion •......„ — 04
Con Cal & Va..l 43 1 50 &eg Belcher.... 03 04
Con Imperial.... — . 01 Sierra ¦ Nevada. 23 30
Con New York. 01 — Silver Hill 46 48
Eureka Con — 83 St Loots — 10
Crown Point... U 12 Standard .......J 10 S 20
Exchequer — 02 Syndicate 10 11
Gould it Curry. 43 4" Union Con 23 J3
Hale & Nor.... 20 »1 Utah W W
Julia — 03 Yellow Jackst.. 19 10
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW TORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Sold. Stock— Bid.
19.200 Atchison 42%
27.600 Atchlson prefd S6%
2.900 Baltimore & Ohio — 8094
Canadian Pacinc 87%
4.900 Canada, Southern Wi
8.900 Chesapeake & Ohio S9H
,2,600 Chicago Great Western 15%
13.000 Chicago Burlington & Qulncy 138%
2.600 Chicago Indianapolis & Louis 26
3,600 Chicago Indianapolis & Louis pfd. 61
300 Chicago & Eastern Illinois 83V4
600 Chicago & Northwestern 163H
7.000 Chicago Hock Island & Paciflo 117%
6.000 C C C 4 St Louis '. IS
10.800 Colorado Southern 8*»
. 1,500 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 45%
500 Colorado Southern 2d prefd 18H
2.100 Delaware & Hudson 121%
1.090 Delaware Lackawanna & Westem.l83H
2,900 Denver & Rio Grande 26%
1.200 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 81%
6,200 Erie 23%
6.900 Erie 1st prefd 67
2.600 Great Northern prefd 187ft
200 Hocking Coal 15H
2.300 Hocking Valley — 41?i
3,200 Illinois Central 126%
100 Iowa Central 20
100 Iowa Central prefd HM
4,900 Lake Erie & Western 4SV&
SOO Lake Erie & Western prefd 112
Lake Shore 225
5,900 Louisville & Nashville 85>,4
21.S00 Manhattan L - U3U
7,900 Metropolitan Street Railway 173%
4.200 Mexican Central 14H
2.000 Minneapolis & St Louis 6SH
100 Minneapolis & +>t Louis prefd IOC. 4
33.000 MiJWiurt Pacific 63%
6,000 Mobile & Ohjo 44%
72.500 Missouri Kansas & Texas 15
21.900 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd.... 41 Vi
New Jersey Cential 144
17.600 New Tork Central -. 142%
7,700 Norfolk & Western 43%
100 Norfolk & Western prefd 81H
79.100 Northern Pacific 77%
31,000 Northern Paciflo prefd KH
13.000 Ontario & Western 2S%
Oregon Railway & Navigation 42
Oregon Railway & Navigation pfd. 76
11.100 Pennsylvania 144*4
16.000 Reading 25
36.600 Reading 1st prefd 63
10.000 Reading 2d prefd 36%
Rio Grande Western 63
Rio Grande Western prefd 94
6,500 St Louis & San Francisco.... 22%
8t Louis & San Francisco 1st prefd. 76>A
4.300 Ft Louis & San Francisco 2d prefd. i>2»i
8.000 St Louis Southwestern 16%
4,400 St Louis Southwestern prefd 40
1.8S0 St Paul 131%
St Paul prefd 181
200 St Paul & Omaha :...124
34.300 Southern Pacific 4274
65,000 Southern Railway 20%
22,000 Southern Railway prefd ... — 71
6,000 Texas & Pacific 22%
40.500 Union Pacific 75%
B.O00 XTnion Paciflo prefd S2%
6.600 Wabash 11%
4,300 Wabash prefd 25%
12,800 Wheeling & Lake Erie 11%
4, €00 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd... 29%
4,300 Wisconsin Central .: 14
EO0 Third Avenue 117H
1.500 Baltimore & Ohio 85%
1,900 National Tube 74>4
National Tube prefd 103
Express Companies—
Adams 145
American 175
100 United States 4 . 62H
vlOO Wells Fargo 138
Miscellaneous—
. BOO American Cotton Oil 81H
300 American Cotton Oil prefd 91
200 American Malting 5
300 American Malting prefd ..'25
8,000 American Smelting & Ref.. 64%
900 American Smelting & Ref prefd.... 96%
American Spirits 2
American Spirits prefd 17
22.5TK) American Steel Hoop .....;. 41H
200 American Steel Hoop prefd 17
16.500 American Steel & Wire 43%
1,800 American Steel & Wire prefd 87%
16,100 American Tin Plate 63%
4.300 American Tin Plate prefd 80
23.000 American Tobacco ....MO',4
American Tobacco prefd ..125
t.HOO Anaconda Mining Oo „ 4S%
41.200 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 78
9,f"00 Colorado Fuel & Iron. f.3%
31.700 Continental Tobacco 6S%
3.S00 Continental Tobacco prefd 92
41.80(1 FWeral Steel .......'64%
2.800 Federal Steel prefd. 78H
1.200 General Electric „ 174
200 Glucose Sugar .....63%
Glucose Sugar prefd. S9
3,900 International Paper 227j
2,100 International Paper prefd 73
Laclede Gas .'.....7....'. 71
200 National Biscuit 87U
200 National Biscuit prefd.. :...'.'. n%i.
400 National Lead ......................... 21^4
1(10 National Lead prefd; ")fi
24.000 National Steel 41
200 National Ste^l prefd tnt
600 New York Air Brake ".!'.155
7,400 North American 1914
200 Pacific Coast ......" " 68
200 Pacific Coast 1st prefd fg
Pacific Coast 2d prefd..... «6
2.000 Pacific Mail 41
22.490 People's Gas aeu
4.C00 Pressed S'eei Car 6 i2
6.400 Pressed fcteel Car prefd S114
Kfl Pullman Palace Car... 201
200 Standard Rope & Twine k«
43,000 Sugar ..!l27
100 Bugar prefd !ll5«4
15,000 Tennessee Coal & Iron 63
United States Leather................ I4«t
400 United States Leather prefd......... 25%
400 United States Rubber .29%
f.fOO United States Rubber prefd 81V4
4.W0 Western Union UU,
freely to-day. This was of eoorse th« out
come of the monetary situation In London.
With further military reverses In South Africa,
and the foreign exchanges running against her
it Is the common expectation that the Bank of
England discount rate will be advanced to
morrow. Such a condition Is always sufficient
to cause liquidation of foreign securities from
London in the interest of the money market.
No uneasiness is apparent over the money
market outlook so far as the immediate future
is concerned. The sub-treasury Is contribut
ing to the market by reason of large pension
payments, increased premiums on Government
bonds, which axe being rushed In for conver
sion Into the 2s before the refunding period
expires, and some payments on assay office
checks for gold deposited at Paciflo Coast
points. While these conditions make for the
safety of the money market the possibility Is
recognized of a pinch in the last week of the
year, especially If . undue speculati%*e commit
ments are allowed' to eat up the resources of
the. market. These various conditions are the
explanation of the exceedingly varied market
tor stocks. Heavy selling to take profits con
tinued side by side with extraordinary ad
vances in special stocks. Of the day's.special
movements by far the most Impressive was
the advance In the Erie stocks, the common
rising to 24 1 4, the first preferred to 67H and
the second preferred to 39%. There wu some
wide movements among the minor Vander
bilts and connecting lines in Central traffic
territory- There was an active upward move
rrent In the eteel group, in Sugar, Amalga
mated Copper. Missouri Paciflo and the South
ern Railway stocks, but none of these was
well sustained. The market closed furiously
active and surprisingly steady considering the
large volume of dealings.
The bond market was as varied and irregular
as that in Mocks and therefore realizing at
seme points contrasted with an advance in
price at others. Total sales, par value. $4,125.
000. United States refunding 2a, Ss registered,
old 4s and 6s advanced % and new 4s % per
cent on the last call. The Ss coupon declined
hi per cent.
The Provision Exchange will close at 1 p.
m. on December 24 and will reopen on De
cember 27.
CORN— Spot steady; American mixed, new,
4s l%d; American mixed, old, 4s 2%d. Futures
quiet; December, nominal; January, Ss lOHd;
March, 8s 9&d.
WHEAT— Spot, quiet; No. 1 California. Ss
2%d; I?o. 2 red Western winter, 6s ll%d; No. 1
Northern spring, 6s 2"£d. Futures quiet; Feb
ruary, 6s; March. 63 %d.
LIVERPOOL. Dec. IS.— Wheat, steady: No. 1
Standard California, 6s 2Vad; wheat In Paris,
quiet; flour in Paris, quiet; French country
markets, steady; weather In England milder.
COTTON— Uplands, 5&d.
CLOSING.
LONDON. Dec. 18.— Consols, 87%; silver.
29%; French rentes, lOlf 20c. Wheat cargoes on
passage, quieter and hardly any demand; car
goes No. 1 Standard California, 80s 3d: cargoes
Walla Walla, 28s 9d;' English country markets,
quiet. , *
Foreign Markets.
PORTLAND, Deo. 18— WHEAT— Steady, at
64c for Walla Walla. :
TACOMA. Dec. 18.— WHEAT-Qulet, un
changed; Blue Stem, 5S%c; Club. SS^o.
WASHINGTON.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Deo. II.— Clearings. S452.S19; bal
ances. {66.656.
' ! Northern Wlieat Market.
Portland's Business.
SHEEP — Receipts, 18,000. Sheep and lambs,
10@15o lower. Good ' to choice wethers, $3 75@
4 40; fair to choice mixed, S3 4003 80: Western
sheep, S3 75©-4 40; Texas sheep, |2 23@3 50; na
tive lambs, S3 85@S 50; Western lambs, $4 50
@5 40. -
CHICAGO, Deo. 18. -CATTLE— Receipts, 6000.
Generally slow. Good to prime steers, $5 15®
8; poor to medium, $3 60@5; selected feeders,
$3 75<g'4 40; mixed stockers, $2 75@3 75; cows.
S2 50tSl 10; heifers, $3 6004 60; canners, - 31 75®
2 40; bulls, $2 35<34 35; calves, |4@5 60; Texas
fed steers, J4g4 75; grassers, $3 25@4; bulls,
%2 4(Kf3 18. I
HOGS — Receipts to-day, J9.000;/to-inorrow. 40.
000; estimated left over, 8000. Market, 5@10o
lower; top, 14 83; mixed and butchers, $4 60®
4 83; good to choice heavy, S4 66@4 85; rough
heavy. $4 W>® 4 60; light, U 65® 4 85; bulk of
sales, $4 70@4 80.
Chicago Livestock Market.
basis of £112, making a loss of $25 since the
first of the month. On receipt of the above
report our market opened weak and lower,
remained weak and unsettled during the day
and closed weak on the basis of $25, against
$26 25, yesterday's close. The rest of the list,
however, was of no more than ordinary In
terest. Copper was dull at $17 for Lake Su
perior and $16 62H for casting copper and elec
trolytic. At London the market was a shade
lower, closing easy at £71 10s. Lead ruled dull,
with only small lots sold at the current rate
of |4 37Vi, while the - London market reported
unchanged prices at £16 Ss 6d. Epelter was
rather quiet, but about steady, |4 15@4 20. A
loss of 2s 6d abroad failed to influence the
local market. The iron markets of the country
continue dull, buyers and sellers holding off
until after the holidays. Prices were nominally
unchanged. English iron markets were un
settled. Glasgow closed at 61s 9d and Mlddles
boro 52s ,9d. .
NEW TORK. Dec 1?.— Cable advices this
morning reported a further loss of £4 for tin
at London, chiefly duo to the bearish statis
tical position of that metal and the weakness
shown in producing countries. Prices are de
clining rapidly. The close abroad was on the
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, Deo. 18.— Special cable and tel
egraphlo communication to Bradstreet's shows
the following changes In available supplies over
last account: , .
Wheat, United States and Canada, east of
the Rocky Mountains, Increase, 632,000 bushels;
afloat for and in Europe, increase, 2,000,000;
total supply. Increase. 2,632,000 bushels.
Corn, United States and Canada, east of the
RockieB, decrease, 768,000 bushels.
Oats, United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decrease. 1,483,000 bushels.
The combined stock of wheat at Portland,
Or.. Taooma and Saattle, decreased 63,000
bushels last week.
Available Grain Supply.
LIVERPOOL.
¦Wheat — ' FVb. * Mar.
Opening. . 8 UK « 00
Closing. 1 6 00 «OO14
>¦ TPARIS.
Wheat — Dee. Mar. -June.
Opening . 80 10 81 S5
Closing. 20 15 2140
Flour—
Opening . 28 10 " 27 40
Clooipg . i'. ...86 06 27 35
Foreign Futures.
Dried Fruit in New York.
Mall ai vices from New York eay:
"Trade la lifeless practically all alcnr the
line lk dried fruits ana nuts, the lower range
cf prices and colder weather having had as
yet little influence apparently In creating a
better demand. Dates are now in good sup
ply, the Mar.itou getting In yesterday with
Rround 4S.O00 to 60.000 boxes, somowh&t less
than was expected. A fair portion of her cargo
was sold to arrive, and some further sales were
made yesterday. Demand, however. Is lees ac
tive than it has been fer the reason that a
large block of goods, mostly arrived per Jiani
tou, is to be offered at auction Friday, and
buyer* are disiKMsed to await the sale. Figs
ere dull and barely moving. A further lot will
be offered at Friday's eale. Currants are In
eome demand from the regular trade, with a
barely steady market.
"Itaisins continue in very bad shape, and the
announcement that additional lots are to be
I'ut up at auction to-morrow has a further
oppressing influence. Imported Valencias show
a little better movement, eaJee of around WOO
boxes being reported In the past few days
at from *V*c up. Prunes attract some atten
tion, sales aggregating four to five cars being
reported en a basis o£ 2V*c in bags on the coast.
gpot demand continues light. There Is a better
dVirand for fancy and choice Royal apricots,
which are firm.
"Prime evaporated applea ar« He higher. 4T»c
being bid. The firmne66 is due to anxiety on
the part of shorts. Chop* are higher, the mar
ket being firm now at 1 37HS1 SO. Waste Is
steady. «
"Grenoble wair.ut* are easier, due to large ar
rivals. Goods are offered as low as 10~/tC Sici
ly filberts are ia fair demand."
California Weather and Crops.
A. G^ McAdie. section director of the climate
and crnp section of the Weather Bureau, makes
the following report for the week:
"The weather has continued cold and foggy
in the central and northern portions of the
Ftate during the greater part of the week,
and generally warm and dry in the southern
portion. Frofte have occurred in nearly all
sections, but were too light to cause damage.
Rain has fallen in all sections except Southern
California, the precipitation having been light
in the southern districts and heavy in the
central and northern portions. The storm of
the lith was accompanied by unusually high
winds, thunder and lightning, and by hall In
pome places. Some damage was done to fruit
trees, through breaking of the branches, and
blueings and fences were wrecked by the
¦n-ind in many places. The rain U considered
generally beneficial, however, and especially in
the southern counties. Farm work has been
retarded by the unfavorable conditions, but
will be resumed with fair weather.
¦"Early (own erain continues In good condi
tion, br.t has made rather Blow growth during
the week, and would now be benefited by eun
ehtne and warm weather, as the soil In many
places is cold and heavy. Green feed is abund
ant, but is growing slowly, owing to cool
weather. Proer>eets are still excellent for a
2&rre acreage of grain in all the grain growing
districts, although eome farmers fear a con
tinuance of present conditions will seriously In
terfere with craln planting. In lome parti of
Southern California farmers are preparing to
refume irrigation.
•'Citrus fruits have not been materially In
jured liy the storm, and In Southern California
are maturing rapidly. Somewhat cooler weath
er in that portion has checked the premature
budding of deciduous fruits. Olives arc in good
condition tad a large crop Is expected."
Weather Report.
020th Meridian— Paciflo Time.)
SAX FRANCISCO. Dec IS— 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of the same date
last se&son. and rainfall in last twenty-four
hours:
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
K; minimum, 50; mean. S3.
wbather coxdittoxs axd general
forecast.
The pressure has fallen rapidly along the
Oregon Coast and there are Indications of the
t-, ; roach of a disturbance of considerable In
tensity from the Pacific Southeast storm
warnings are displayed from San Francisco to
Eureka and high southerly winds are likely
to prevail from Point Reyes northward.
The temperature has remained nearly sta
tionary west of the Rocky Mountains. la
Southern California the temperatures continue
above the normal.
Rain is falling over Washington and North
ern Oregon and cloudy, threatening weather
prevails generally over California,
Forecast made at Saa Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight. December 18, 1900:
Korthern California. — Cloudy, threatening
weather Wednesday, with rain In central and
northern portion; brisk, southerly winds, high
off shore.
Southern California — Cloudy Wednesday;
threatenlng'at nigrht; light northerly, changing
to southerly winds.
Nevada — Cloudy Wednesday.
L't&h— Fair Wednesday.
Arizona— Fair Wednesday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy weather
with rain Wednesday: brisk to hlirh southeast
winds. ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
Articles— . Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bbls ..33,000 26,000
"Wheat, bu ...213,000 ' " 81,000
Corn, bu .......480.000 77.000
Oats, bu 862.000 109,000
Rye, bu 11.000
Barley, bu 68,000 18.000
¦ S On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was dull; creamery. 16^24o; dairy, 130
20c. Cheese, dull; 10K®ll$ic. Eggs, dull; fresh.
24c.
r-nt L & P Co — 4% Pac L Co.... — *4
Enult O L Co. 3% 3H Sac E GAR Co — 34
Mutual L Co.., 9 10 8FQ4E.... 4ST, «
O G L & H.... 4:*% £0*4 ban JjYancisco ?» ?%
Pac Gas Imp. «S% 49 Stktn G*B C» — U
INSXTRANCBS STOCKS.
Flrem's Fund.223 233 •
BANK STOCKS.
Anglo-Cal Ltd. 73 - First Nationals}* —
Bank of Cal. ..409 412% ton P A A.....H3WU*
Cut 0 u *i x.. — m.^'ti Merchants' E^ M —
-\ '¦; SAVINGS BANKS.
Oer S & L....188O 13C0 fa* * I. So... - -
Hum a t L... - - Seo Bar Bk..tH 13
Mut Suv Bk... S» — Union T Co.... — —
S P Sar Un..32S —
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California ....129% - OBLt H.... » «
n-arv-st 45 — Presidio ...;.. h n
Market-«t .... — T0%
j, ::. :.; t . POWDER STOCKS.
TuIIfomla — 1«" Vlgorlt miimm W KS
Giant Con Co. S3T« 84%
SUQAR STOCKS.
Hana S P Co. t 1% Kllauea 8 Co.. WA tOi
Haw C & S Co 90% 95 MakaweU 8 Co 41 —
Honokaa S Co. 31% 31% Onomea S Co. 18H —
Hutch S P Co. 25% 2« Paauhau 9 Co. II* S3
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Al Pack Assn. — 125 Pao A TF A... «4 —
Cal Fruit Aan.183 104VI Pac C Bor Ca. — XM
'j.ic. i-.x \— .... rf< I»W far Paint Co.. »*» —
Oceanic S Co.. — 1C5
Morning Session.
Board — ... . _ . ..
100 Honokaa 8 Co —^.~..~. fl JW
100 Paauhau S P Co ~— • «1 J»
110 S F Gas & Electric Co ~ 49 CO
75 S F Gas & Electrlo Co —. *9 »
10 S P Gaa & Electric Co — 49 VP+
90 8 F Gas & Electrlo Co — « »JH
20 S V Water *? °°
TOCO Park A CTlff Honse 8 per c«nt bondalM 00
JSO.000 S F & S J V bonds ~1» O
Afternoon. Session.
B0 Hana Plantation Co .- ~. J »
130 Hutchinson S P Co - » 73
60 S F Gaa & Electric Co 49 00
»1000 S V 4 per cent bonds (3d mtge>-....la» 00
Street — _ __
180 Hutchinson S P Co » w
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANOa
Afternoon Session.
Board—
1500 California- Standard »
13C0 California-Standard (B 30) — W
1C0 Caribou .'. ¦' »
10O El Dorado - * *>
2000 Four Oil Co -— » f 1
200 Four Oil Co — >3
12C0 Hanford-Fresno-Kern Biver «. ol
400 Hanford-Fresno-Kern River M
ICO Home Oil — — *J3
73 Home Oil * * *»
40O Junction — «5
4(* Kern River M »
100O McKlttrlck Consolidated ~ 43
3100 Petroleum Center 29
100 San Francisco & McKlttrick 1 W
30 San Joaquin Oil & Dev . • 13%
20 Sterling O & D Co t S3
500 Twenty-eight ...•.—.. I S3
Street..
100 Wolverine „.......— I i»
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHAJfOB.
Homing- Session.
Board—
700 California Standard W
SO California Standard SS
«00 Caribou Oil Co... »5
100 Four Oil Co 62
1900 Four Oil Co ~.. 51
1300 Hanford-Fresno-Kern River 60
175 Home Oil « OR
225 Home Oil — ..... 4 W
750 Home Oil ...4 00
1000 Lion Oil Co _ ~- . — tt
100 Lion Oil Co .*M
200 McKlttrick Consolidated 43
700 Petroleum Center W
100 Reed Crude Oil Co ~.~ 31
CO San Joaquin O. & T> — .. » a
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Tuesday, Dec. 13—2:J0 p. m.
The following were the sales In the sa.n Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Mornlnjr Session.
400 Best & Belcher 23 300 Mexican S3
300 Con Cal & Va..l 50 350 Ophlr «5
10O Con Cal & Va..l 43 2CO Savaffs „ 13
100 Gould & Curry- 51
Afternoon Session.
100 Challenge Con. 20 200 Savago 17
£0 Gould & Curry. 43 4C0 Sierra Nervada. »
10O Mexican S3) 4CO- Union Con 23
200 Occidental 04 100 Yellow Jacket.. 20
lOO Ophir 64}
The following were the sales In the Paclflo
Stock Board yesterday:
Jlornlnsr Session.
200 Best & Belcher S7| ICO Mexican ...".,.. S3
SCO Caledonia 4SI 1:0 Mexican 32
400 C C & Va....l 47H| 200 Ophlr - S5
100 C C & Va 1 4o, 300 Savage 13
200 Gould & Curry. 47 1 200 Yellow Jacket. . tl
Afternoon Session.
300-Ophlr 64 200 Union Con...... 23
300,Savag» 17 2C0 Yellow Jacket,. »
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCXa
Cash quotations were as follows: .Flour, dull.
No. 3 spring wheat, 60<g69%c; No. 2 red, 72®75c.
No. 2 corn. 40c; No. 2 yellow, 40c. No. 2 oats.
22%(Q23c; No. 2 white, 25%c; No. 3 white. 24%®
2Cc. No. 2 rye; 60c. Good feeding barley, 43®
49c: fair to choice malting, 50®S5c. No. 1 flax
seed, |1 61@1 62; 1 Northwestern, tl 62.
Prime timothy seed, $4 45@4 50. Mess pork, per
bbl. $11 12%@11 25. Lard, per 10O lbs, J7 02%@
7 05.. Short ribs sides (loose). $6 25@6 60. Dry
salted shoulders (boxed). 6%®6%c. Short dear
sides (boxed), $6 60^6 70. Whisky, basis of high
wines. $1 27; Clover, contract grade, $10310 25.
10.00@10.25c. ':..... , -
SUMMARY. OF THE MARKETS.
Siher and Exchange as before.
Wheat dull and lower. Freights steady.
Barley firm, with a more active demand. -¦>_;;¦
Oats firm, Corn weak and Rye neglected.
Beans firmly held at pmnous prices. Seeds unchanged.
Hay quiet and not over steady.
Bran weak and Rolled Barley firm.
Potatoes weaker under large receipts. Onions also easing off.
Another decline in Butter and Eggs. Cheese still Unn.
Srjeral (Qrs of Oranges to be auctioned to-day.
Cranberries very scarce and held still higher.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisitis still neglected.
Provisions as previously quoted.
Hides weak and quieter at the decline.
Wool end Hops neglected.
Poultry and Game in good supply and quiet.
Meat fnarket slenderly supplied and firm.
No change in Oils.
Local stocks and bonds quiet.
Continued brisk trading in Oil stocks.
"WASHINGTON; Deo. 18.— To-day's statement
of the treasury balances In the general fund,
exclusive of the $160,000,000 gold reserve In the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance. J141.010.00S; sold. J102.746.SSS.
Condition of the Treasury.
NEW YORK. Dec 18.— Money on call, steady,
at 4®>5 per cent; last loan. 6 per oent. Prime
mercantile paper, 4%©5% per cent. Sterling
exchange, firm, with actual business In bank
ers' bills at ?4 84% for demand and $4 80% for
sixty days. Posted rates, $4 81% and $4 850
4 85%. Commercial bills. }4 79%@4 80>4. Silver
certificates. 84£|65e. Bar silver, 64c Mexican
dollars, 60Hc Government bonds, lrregrular;
fitate bonds, Inactive; railroad bonds, irreg
ular.
New York Money Market.
Atohlson, 43%; Canadian Pacinc, 90%: Union
Paciflo preferred, 85K; Northern Paciflo pre
ferred, 88%; Grand Trunk. 6%; Anaconda. 9ft.
Bar silver, steady, 2&Hd per ounce. Money,
8®3% per cent.
CLOSING.
The bank lost £15,000 of gold to India, £10.000
to the Continent and £40,000 to an unstated
NEW YORK. Deo. 18. — The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
There was general heaviness In the markers
here- to-day on the talk of dear money and
weakness In Continental and Indian exchanges,
suggesting sharp advance In the Bank of Eng
land discount rato on Thursday, although it is
known that the bank will take that action only
under strong compulsion. Americans were dull
throughout the session on New York realizing
eales, but they were fairly active. The market
seems tired and Baggy, but buyers are forthcom
ing on every sharp break, although the ten
dency Is to realize.
London Market.
1.254,400 Shares sold
f-Vr CLOSING BONDS.
U S ref Is reg 104T4 NY C lsts. 103%
Do coupon 105% N J C pen 5s 128%
U S 2s reg........ .110 N Pacific 3s :. 71% !
Do Ss coupon. ...110 Do 4s .....105 •
Do new 4s reg...l3S% N Y C &' St L 48.108
Do new 4s coup..l3S% N & W con 4s..... 99%
. Do old 4s reg V5 Or Nav lsts........ 103
• Do old 4s coup...ufi Do 4s 102%
I>> 5s reg 113% Or Short Line 6s.. 129%
Do Se coup.. 113% Do con Bs. ...... ..118 •
Diet of Col 3.65s. ..124% Reading gen 4s.:.. 91%
Atchlson gen 4s...lO^iiR G AV lst» 101 '
Do adj 4s $$% St L & I M con 5s.ll3»4
Canada So 2ds 105% St L & S F gen 6a.l20'4
Chcs & Ohio 4%s..lO4 St Paul cons. ......181
„!*> 5s 121 St P C & P lsts...l2O%
Chi & N con 7s. ...130% Do 6s ]22>i
Do S F deb Bs.,.121 S Pacific 4s......... 82 1 I
Chicago Term 4s,.. 93% S Railway 6s.. 113%
Colorado So 4s 85 Stand R & T 6s... 70
D & R-G 4s........l01% Tex & Pao lsts. ...114
Erie §ren 4s 85 Do 2ds 85
F TV & D C lsts... 79 U Paolflc 4s 1067t
Gen Electric 6s. ...143% Wabash lsts .118'
Iowa Central lsts.. 115% Do 2ds ..108
L & N uni 4s 10Ui|West Shore ie IIS
M K & T 2d» j. 74%hvisc Cent lsts 87T4
I>o *».« 94%>Va Centuries ... 94
MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 20! Little' Chief.—.... " 15
Alice „ 40 Ontario « 00
Breeoe 2 OOlOphir 63
Brunswick Con 14iPhoenix 10
Comstock Tunnel... 04 Potosl 11
C C & Va ....1 35 'Savage .....15
Dead wood Terra.... 65 i Sierra Nevada... ... 28
Horn Silver.. llOiSmall Hopes ..60
Iron Silver.. 65'Standard .. ......i. ..8 00
Leadvllle Con. 05!
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS,
Money— Union Pacific 75%
Call loans «%S'5% Union Land 2%
Time loans 6 <§6 West End ....93
Blocks — -. WestlnghEa Elec."..' U%,
Atch T & Sta PVs.. 42% Bonds-
Do prefd.. S5*4 Atchlson ........... 101%.
American Sugar... 126% N B Gas & C Ss... 6^2%
Do prefd 115 Mining Shares-
Bell Telephone 1M Adventure 7%
Boston & Albany.. J51 Allouez Min Co 8\i
Boston El8vated...l56 Amalg Copper...... 94%
Boeton.& Maine. ...195% Atlantic 26
Chi B & Q... ..138% Boston & Mont. ...831-
Dominion Coal 37% Butte & Boston.... 86
Do prefd 103 Calumet & Hecla...815
Federal Steel 64% Centennial 22%"
Do prefd 78% Franklin 15
Fitchburg prefd. ..137% Humboldt 60
1 Gen Electrlo 173% Osceola 73%
Do prefd 146 Parrot .•>.... 49%,
EM Eleo 111 217 Qulncy X.16S
Mexican Central... 14%< Sta Fe Copper 6%
Mich Telephone.... 85 Tamarack 280
N B Gas & Coke.. 10% Utah Mining 33%
Old Colony 202 UVlnona 3%
Old Dominion 30%|Wolvt»rlnes -. 46
Rubber 23 I
'.WO P*publlo Iron & Steel 16%
1,200 Republic Iron & Steel prefd. 64%
•• — - P C C & St Louis ........^ 62
".SOO Amalgamated Copper 94%
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
sion..- May. opened a shade higher, at. 73tf@73%c
and declined to 72'^c and closed at 72%c. • ¦ :
> Oats ¦ were , featureless ", but ; firm ¦ with . corn.
May closed a shade higher-
Provisions were ' dull and weak. I There wer«
too many hogs received at ¦ the yards to suit
traders, and prices suffered.' The cash busi
ness was ¦ slow and stocks showed rapid accu
mulations. • December - closed 7%c - lower, lard
and ribs 2^0 1 lower at $6 22%.
The leading futures , ranged as follows:
. Articles— ¦ Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
December TO 70% 69H 69%
January.... 70H 70% 69% 70
May .75% -73% 72^ 72H
Corn ¦ No. I—
December ......... 41 41 40 41 -
January ...; - 86H 37 36^4 36%
May 86% 36U 86% S6V4
Oats No, 2—
December n% 2U4 21% 21%
January 21% H«i 21% 21%
May 23% ,23% 23% 23%
Mess Pork, per bbl—
January.... ..12 12% 12 15 12 07% 12 07%
May. ...12 02% 12 05 11 97% 12 00
Lard, per 100 lbs— -
December.. 7 07% 7 12% 7 07% 7 10
January 6 82% 6 87% 6 82% 6 82%
May 6 S7',i 6 90 6 85 6 87%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs— -
January.. ....6 25 6 25 6 20 6 22%
May 6 27% 6 32% 6 27% 6 30
:. CURED i MEATS— Baoon,- ll@114o per; lb tor
heavy. » UH@l2o for "i light medium. 12H@13c \ for
light, 13H@l4c for extra light and U@15tfe for
*UKar-cure"d: '. Eastern i sucar-cured Hams, . U1£Q
¦»Trade. continues- of -a- holiday character at
the 'old ¦. quotations. ,.;, ! .
Provisions.
.-RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
haB establlnhed the following prices for the
season of 1900: ..< Bleached Thompson's fancy," 12o
per lb; 1 choice, lie; standard, 8%.c; prime. -8c;
unbleached' Thompson's. 9c per lb. • Sultanas—
Fancy, lO^c per lb; choice, 9^4c; standard, i%c;
prime, - 8c; unbleached Sultanas, " 8c; > Seedless,
50-lb boxes, ; 8Hc ; ; 4-crown, , 7c ; London La y ers,
2-crown, ¦ $1 50 per box: 3-crown, $1 60; Fancy
Clusters, $2: Dehesa. ' $2 50; Imperial. $3. All
prices :f. o. b, at common shipping points in
Cfjifornia. - . '¦'-¦¦ "¦¦¦'¦• ' . ¦ '
- NUTS — Chestnuts, . 7%®9c per lb for Italian;
Walnuts, No. 1. softshell, lie; No. 2. 8c; No/1
hardshell ' 10c: 7Hc: Almonds, 12®13c for
papershell 9@llc for softshell: Peanuts. 5®6c
for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, 13c; Filberts, 13c;fPe
cans, ll(B13c: Cocoanuts,"- $3 E0®5. _--!.. .¦»'•
HONEY— Comb, 13H@14ttc for bright and 12%
@13c for ; light amber; water white, extracted.
7%®Sc; light amber, extracted, 6H@7c; dark,
8fe«Hc per lb. -
BEESWAX— 24S?26o , per lb.
FRUITS-^Prunes. Santa Claras. 4 sizes. So;
40-608, 7c: 50-60s, 6Hc; 60-70s. 3%c; 70-8Os. SUc;
80-SOs,- 2%c ; 90-lOOs, 2%c; 100s and over, 3c : ru
bies. .Uo premium; Sonomas, %c and San Joa
quins Me less than Santa Claras, except - 100s
and' over,. which stand thu same. Apricots, 6@
8c for Royals and 10@10%c .for Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples. ¦ 6@6c ; Bun-dried 3^4©!Hc;
Peaches, 4@5c for standard, 5<2f6c for choice
and 6>/4@7c for fancy; Pears, 2@7c; Plums,
pitted, 5® »%c; unpltted, l@l%c; Nectarines, 5@
6Hc for red and 5HS«c for white. - •'-¦¦.
The market continues lifeless and no activity
is expected until after the turn of the year.
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Oranges, $1@2 50;
Seedlings, $1@1 50: Tangerines, 75c@$l; Jap
anese Mandarins, $1 fifKi'l 75; Lemons. 25c@$l 25
for common and $1 50® 2 30 for good to choice;
Grape Fruit, 75c@$l 60;. Mexican Limes, $4®
4 50; California Limes, 25@35c; Bananas, $1 25®
2 50 per bunch; Pineapples. $lQ-2 per dozen. .
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
CRANBERRIES— Jerseys. $12; Wisconstng.
$13 50; Cape Cod, $14 per barrel; Coos Bay, $2 50
75 per box.
PERSIMMONS-
•40@9Oc per box,
APPLES — 30^t60c per box for common and
<£>c@$r for good to choice; Spltzenbergs, 75c@
$1 2o; Oregon Spltzenbergs, $1@1 25; Lady Ap
ples, $1 75@3 per box.
. PEARS— 35c<S$l 76 per box.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS-
There are* not many Pears on the market,
but there are plenty of Applea. Prices for both
descriptions show no change worthy of note.
Two or three cars of Oranges will be offered
at to-day's auction. The- market for Oranges,
Lemons and Limes shows no change worthy
of note, being quiet and well supplied.
Cranberries are held "still higher and are un
usually scarce.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Storage — California fancy, SOo; standard, '-;
Eastern, fancy,. 30c; standard. ; seconds,
CHEESE3 — Fancy full cream, ISc; choice, lie;
common, nominal; Young. Americas, 134c;
Eastern, full cream, 15@16Vic per lb.
EGGS—
California ranch— Selected white, 40c; mixed
colors, 37%c p«r dozen.
California Gathered— Fancy, — — ; standard,
32%c; seconds, *
; Eastern— Fancy, • — ; standard, SS%o; sec
onds.. : - *¦ -
Dairy — Extras. 24c; firsts, - 22c; seconds, 19c;
store, 15c.
Storage— Creamery extras, 22%c; flrsta, 21c;
seconds, 20c; dairy extras, 20c
Pickle— 21c per lb. !
Butter and Eiggs se«m to be fairly started on
their annual early winter drop, aa ; they have
declined every day for several days. Both are
in better supply. There will be no orders of
any consequence for Butter, according to local
dealers, until the price gets down to about 23c.
and meanwhile stocks will tend to accumulate.
Receipts of Eggs are In excess of the demand
at the present high prices, which explains the
decline.
Cheese continues firm and unchanged. -
Receipts, aa reported by the DaJry Exchange,
were 46, COO lbs Butter, 353 cases Etrgs and 1600
lbs Cheese.
BUTTER— W ;k
Creamery — Extras, 28c;' firsts, 23c; seconds.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Two cars of Eastern Poultry came In. Prices
for air descriptions stood about the same.
> Receipts of Game were about 150 sacks, and
as the demand continued poor the low, prices
still prevailed.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 12@12Hc for Gob
blers and 12%@13o for Hens; Dressed Turkeys.
14@18c: Geese, per pair. $1 75®2; Goslings, $1 78
Sf2; Ducks, tzan for old and $4@5 50 for young:
Hens. $3® 4 50; Young Rooster* $3 50@4; Old
Roosters, $3 50<g 1 4; Fryers, $3 50@4; Broilers,
$3 60@4 for large and $3®3 25 for small;
Pigeons, $1 per dozen for old and $1 75®2 for
Squabs. . ' - .¦ ' ¦ \
GAME— Quail. $1 25: Mallard. $3®4: Canvas
back. tS@4; Sprig. $&S>2 50: ! Teal. $1 25(!?1 59:
Widgeon, $125(9150; Small Duck, . $1; Black
Jack, $1 50; Gray Geese, $3; White Geese, $1@
1 25; Brant. $1 25®1 50 for small and $1 75@3 for
large; Honkers, $($24 50; English Snipe, $1 50@
1 75; Jack Snipe. $1 25: Haw, $1 25: Rabbits.
$1 60 for Cottontail and $1 for Brush; Doves,
60@65o per dozen. _^
Poultry and Game.
Fine Salinas Burbanks are firm, but all other
Potatoes are weak under heavy receipts. Prices
show more or less change. Onions are hardly
as firm as they have been. Vegetables from
Los Angeles are In good supply and fair de
mand.
POTATOES— River Reds, 70@80o; Burbanks,
20©5Oc for River and $l(gl 20 per ctl for Sa
linas and 60<590c for Oregon; Sweets, 40®60o
for River and 85®90c for Merced.
ONIONS— $1 60@l 85 per ctl; Cut Onions, $1©
1 25 per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, 4®8c per lbs
String Beans, 8310c; Cabbage, 90c; Tomatoes,
75c@$l 60 for Los Angeles; Egg Plant, Los An
geles, 7c per lb: Green Peppers from Loo An
geles, 2ig"'6c per lb; Dried Peppers. 3@llc; Dried
Okra, 10©15o per lb: v Carrots, 25@35c per box;
Cucumbers, 75c; Summer Squash, $1(3 125:
Garlic, 4 "2 5c per lb; Marrowfat Squash, $12@15
per ton;. Mushrooms, 8@15o per lb.
All descriptions of Beans ire firmly held, bat
there is no particular demand, except for the
different kinds of white. Seeds remain as be
fore.
BEANS— Bayos. $3 «0@2 76; Small White,
$4 39@4 50; Large White. $3 85(^3 65; Pink. $2O
2 15; Red, $2 75@3; Blackeye. $3; Li mas. $5 35®
S 40; Pea, $4 25@4 50; Red Kidney. $3 70® 4 per
ctl. . , ,
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, $2 60Qr2 75; Canary.
3%c per lb for California and 4c for Eastern;
Alfalfa, 7Vt@»Ho; Rape, 3%@3o; Hemp, 4®4%c;
Timothy, 4@4V4«.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $2(92 50; Green. $2 70
@3 per ctl ; Blackeye, nominal.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Beans and Seeds.
There Is no change In Hay.' one way or the
other, supplies being ample for all needs. Bran
Is weak at the decline already noted. Rolled
Barley Is firm In sympathy with the raw
product.
BRAN— $14 60@15 per ttfn.
MIDDLING S-$16 50@19 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $16®17 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $S5@2«; Jobbing.
$26 50; Cocoanut Cake. J17@18: Corn Meal. $26®
26 50; Cracked Corn. $28 50@27; Mixed Feed, $15
@16. ¦.¦¦•¦
HAT— Volunteer. $5@8; Wheat, $U@13 50;
Wheat and Oa.t,-$10@12 BO; Oat, $9@12j Clover,
nominal; Alfalfa, $Sig>9 50; Barley. $7 50t&4 50
P ¥traw-35@47Hc per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 25
@3 50, UBualterm3; Bakers' Extras, $3 1503 25;
Oreson, $2 75'g'2 S5 per barrel for family and
$2 75®3 for bakers'; Washington, bakers', $2 75
@3.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade; Graham
Flour, ?3 :per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75; ; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal. $2 75;
extra cream do, $3 50; Oat Groats, $4 50; Hom
iny, $3 £C#3 75; Buckwheat Flour, $404 25;
Cracked Wheat. S3 50: Farina, $4 SO: Whole
Wheat Flour. $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $69
XI 25; in socks. *3 75@7; Pearl Barley. $5; Split
Peas, $5; Green Peas, $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and ¦ Millstuffs.
noted was more pronounced yesterday morning, ,
and dealers • reported a brisk demand at - full
figures. Other descriptions are unchanged.
• Feed, 75c for choice bright. 72Hc for No." 1 and
67%<g70c for off grades; Brewing and Shipping
grades, 77}$@S2%c; Chevalier, nominal.
¦ ¦-.'¦' CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— May— S000 ctls,
72%c; 2000. 72%c. ,
2nd — No sales.
Reg. A. M.— No sales.
P. M.— No sales. %
OATS— There Is no change to report, stocks
being light and the ' market firm at the fa
miliar quotations. White _$1 30@l 50; Surprise,
nominal; Red, $1 25® 1 ! 40 for feed and $1 35@1 45
for seed; Gray, nominal: Black, for feed, $1 150
1 20; for seed, $1 25©1 30 per cU.
CORN— Offerings are rather larger, especially
of domestic descriptions, and the market Is dull
and weak. California Yellow, $1 15@1 20; Cali
fornia White, $1 10@l 15; Eastern mixed, $1 12fc
@1 15 per ctl. :
RYE— S5<S«7%o per ctl. 1 The market continues
Blugg-ish. . • ?;'?
BUCKWHEAT—Quoted at $1 75@2 per ctL
OREGON.
Flour, qr, sks..... 2.244 Bran, sks 7.2SO
Potatoes, ' sks 1.&80
FOR TUESDAY. DECEMBER IS.
Flour, qr sks..... 9.810 Hides. No 113
Wheat ctls 17.120 Pelts, bdls 2S0
Barley ctls 2,520 Lime, bbls 183
Oats ctls 420 Leather, rolls.... 103
Beans, sks 262 Wine, gals 44,750
Corn ctls 2.370 Tallow, ctls Jiff
Potatoes, sks..... 4. S3O Raisins, bxs 2.5W
Onions, sks » Wool bales....... 25
Bran sks 1.730 Quicksilver, flsks 133
Middlings, eks.... 1.995) Broomcom. bdls. 27
Hay. tons 138.
Receipts of Produce.
LUMBER— Retail prices are as follows: Pine,
ordinary oizes, $16(517; extra sizes, higher: Red
wood. $17@1S for No. 1 and $15@16 for N*o. 2;
Lath, 4 feet, $3 50@4; Pickets. $1S; Shingles,
$1 75 for common and $2 75 for fancy: Shakes.
Ill for split and J12 for sawn; Rustic. J20<326.
Crushed, 6.15c: Powdered. 5.75c: Candy Gran
ulated. 6.75c: Dry Granulated, 5.65c: Confec
tioners' A. 5.66c; Magnolia A, 5.25c: Extra C.
8.15c: Golden C, 5.05c; barrels. 10c more; half
barrels, 25c more; boxes. EOc more; 50-lb baga,
10c more. No orders taken for less than 75
barrels or Its equivalent. Dominoes, half-bar
rels, 6.40c: boxes. 6.65c per lb.
RED AND WHITE X.EAD-Red Lead. V&Q
7%c per lb; White Lead. TfjT^c, according to
quantity.
QUICKSILVER— $47 50®4S 50 per flask for
local use and $45 for export.
8UGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. in 100-lb bags:
COAL OIL, GASOUNB AND BENZIN"E-^-
Water White Coal Oil, In bulk, 12c: Pearl Oil,
cases, 18c; Astral. 18c; Star. 18c; Extra Star.
22c; Elaine, 23c; Eocene, 20c; Deodorized Stove
Gasoline, In bulk, lUje: cases. 20»jc; Benzine,
bulk, 13Hc: cases. 19Hcr 86-degree Gasoline,
bulk. 20c: cases. 26c per gallon. . -^
TURPENTINE— 65c per gallon In cases and
60c In drums or Iron barrels.
OILS— California Castor Oil, In cases. No. 1.
7?c; pure, $1 30; Linseed Oil. In barrels, boiled.
lOo; raw. 6Sc; cases. 6c more; Lucol. 69o per
gallon for boiled and 67c for raw; Lard Oil,
extra winter strained, barrels, 70c; cases. 73c:
China Nut, 60070c per gallon; pure Neatsfoot
Oil, barrels, 85c; cases. 70c; Sperm, pure. 85c;
Whale. Oil, natural white, 37H@42VJo per gal
lon; Fish Oil. barrels, 33c; cases, 40c.
LEATHER— Sole, heavy, 28@33c per lb; Sola
Leather, medium, 23@30c; Sole Leather, light.
2CS2Sc; Rough Leather heavy. 27@28c; Rough
Leather, light. 25<g26c: Harness Leather, heavy.
&.:'Q'$&c: Harness Leather, medium. 30®37e; Har
ness Leather, light, 29@35c; Collar Leather, 13
®16c per foot; Kip unfinished, 49@50o per lb;
Veal, flniohed. 5Off55c: Calf, finished, 75c@$l 20;
Pi (leg. finished. 165117c per foot: Belt Knife
Splits. 14016c; Rough Splits. 8@l(>o per lb.
TANBARK- Ground. $2frff2S per ton; Stick.
$1S^2O per cord.
Nicaragua — 13@16c nominal for prime to
fancy washed; 10@12%c nominal for fair to
strictly good washed; 9*®10}jc nominal for
good to superior unwashed; ll#114c nominal
for good to prime unwashed peaberry.
Guatemala and Mexican — 13@16o for prime to
fancy washed; U%@12%c for strictly good
washed; — <glO?ic for good washed; 9%®10V4c
for fair washed; 9@9V4o for medium; «$j!S?8%c
for Inferior to ordinary; 12tJ13o for good to
prime washed peaberry; ll@'ll%c nominal for
good to prime unwashed peaberry: 10^KH*o
nominal for good to superior unwashed.
COFFEE — Costa Rica — 13i31*e for prims
washed: ll®12^ic for good washed; 12#lSc for
pood to prime washed peaberry; ll@ll?io for
good to prime peaberry; ll@12c for good to
prime; 10@10%c for good current mixed with
black beans; 9Vj©l<H*o for fair; 7@8Ho f or com
mon to ordinary.
Salvador*— ll@13o for good to prims •washed;
10SlO»ic for fair washed; lt@12Ho for good to
prime washed peaberry; 10%'81l^4o for good
to prime semi-washed; — ®Wr»o for superior
unwashed: 10@10^ic for good green unwashed;
ll®ll'/ic for good to superior unwashed pea
berry; 7@S%c for common to ordinary.
CORDAGE — The local cordage company
quotes as follows: Pure Manila. 12»4o per lb:
Sisal Blzes and bale rope. 9o; Duplex. 8c
Terms. 60 days or 1*4 p«r cent cash discount.
PACIFIC CODFISH — Bundles, per lb. So;
cases, 3Hc; cases, extra large, 4c; cases, Imi
tation Eastern, 5c; Boneless, 4Vic; Norway,
Strips. 4>£c; Narrow Gauge. 4%c; Silver King,
fc; Blocks Oriental. 4%c: Seabrlght. 5c- Tab
lets. 6c; Middles. Golden State, o^jo; Middles
White Seal, 7c; 5-lb boxes fancy Boneless, g^io-
Desiccated, per dozen. 75c; Pickled Cod, bar
rels, each, $6 60; Pickled Cod half-barrels,
each. 1375. '
COAL— Wellington, $3 per ton: Southfleld
Wellington. $9; Seattle, J7; Bryant. 17; Coos
Bay.^ J5 60; Wallsend. *»; Co-operative Walla
end. $9; Cumberland, $12 in bulk and $13 25 in
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Can
rel, $10 per ton; Coke, $15 per ton In bulk and
J1S In sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions. {3 43
per 2000 lbs and $S SO per ton, according to
brand.
CANNED FRUIT-Extras In 2«-lb tins are
quoted as follows: Apricots, $1 B0; Cherries. $3
for black and $2 for Royal Anne; Grapes. $1 3S;
Peaches. $1 65@1 75; Pears, $1 85; Plums. $1 350
1 40; Quinces, $1 65; Strawberries. $1 75.
BAGS— San Quentln Bags, $5 65; Calcutta
Grain Bags, June and July, 6%c; Wool Bags.
2SH@3Z%e; Fleece Twine. 7%c; Fruit Bags.
tM'SVX.v for' white and 8Vi®87io for bleached
Juto.
General Merchandise.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Prices for Hosts have not changed for sev
eral weeks. The demand and supply about
balance.
Beef, Mutton and Veal continue firm at un
changed prices, with light stocks here.
BEEF— 7@8o for steer* and 6@8*ic per lb for
cows. ..
VEAL— Large. g@9c; small. S-SlOc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 9®9%c; Ewes. 9o per lb.
LAMB— KXglOHo per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. 6%c for small and 5%e for
medium and Wi@54»o for large: stock Hogs and
feeders. &S5%c; dressed Hogs. 7U£8Hc
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about le . under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, 10c; medium. 9c: - light. F4c; Cow
bides, 9c. for heavy and 8&c for light; Stags.
6%c; Salted Kip.-<9Hc; Salted Veal, 9%c; Salted
Calf, 10c; Dry Hides. 15^@l«c; culls, mj@Hc:
Dry Kip. 15@16c: Dry Calf, leglS^c; culls and
brands, 14c: Sheepskins, .shearlings. 2fl©3Oc
each; short Wool. 30@5Cc each; medium. 60<S75c:
long Wool. 73c@$l etch; Horse Hides, salt, $S SO
@2 75 for large and J2 25 for medium, Jl 25 for
small and 60c for colts: Horse Hides, dry, $1 73
for large, $1 60 for medium, *1 25 for small and
50c for colts., Deerskins— Summer or red skins.
35c; fall or ymedtum skins, 30c; winter or, thin
skins. 20c. Goatskins— Prime Angoras, 75c;
large and smooth, 60c: medium. 33c.
TALLOW— No. i rendered, 4@4%c per lb; No.
2, 3Hc: crease. • 2@2^c-
WOOL— Spring clip i3 quotable as follows:
Northern, free, 15@16c; Northern, defective. 12
@14c; Middle County, free. - 15@16c; Middle
County, defective, 12<gl4c; Southern Mountain.
12 months'. JKfflOc: Southern Mountain, free, 7
months'. ll(@12c; Southern Mountain, defective.
7 months'. 9@llc: Humboldt' and Mendoclno,
16@17c; Nevada, 13@16c per lb.
Fall Clip— San Joaquin. 6%@<«.: do lambs. 8
®9c; Middle County. SiglOc; Northern Mountain,
free, 10©llc; Southern Mountain, 7%@8>,4c:
Humboldt and Mendoclno, U®12c per lb.
. HOPS— 12@16c per lb.
Hides are weak, as previously mentioned, and
the demand has fallen off. Wool and Hops are
also dull and no activity is expected^ for some
little time to come.
LARD— TJtrces quoted at 6%c per lb for com
pound and 9%c for pure; half-barrels, pure,
9V£c: 10-lb tins. 10c; 5-1 b tins. 10%c.
COTTOLENE— One-half barrels. 8%c; three
half-barrels. 8c; one tierce, 7%°: two tierces.
7%c; five tierces. 7Hc per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and. Hops.
12c; Men Beef. H2 60 per. barrel; extra Mess.
$13: Family. $14; extra Prime Pork. $16: extra
clear, |19 50; Mess. $17; Smoked Beef. 13c per
pound.' -v ¦ _ " ' '.
THE SAN VrAWDISCO CAMi, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 19, lsou.
Chicago Grain Market.
Features of French Elections.
There are sorae curious features con
nected with French Parliamentary elec
tions. For instance. • no wall literature
issued by a candidate or his friends may
bo printed on white paper— white being
the color reserved for official announce
ments. In the days of the empire, when
official candidates were known -in the
land, the addresses of the. Government's
nominees were printed . on - white paper,
and this, no doubt. hsCd due weight with
the more Ignorant voters. Again, any
elactor whose name - is •* mentioned in a
newspaper lean, if he feels himself ag
grieved, call upon the editor to publish a
reply. This, however, is not confined to
elections. " but is a . rigtot enjoyed by
French citizens ¦ under tbe> UkW «i tiM
country.— London Mali. • :— 7 1 - *v
•*
-Dull
-20c
Keg-
per lb.
10
EASTERN MARKETS.
STOC
I Bid. I Asked.
Burllnston OH Co —
California-Standard 85
Caribou Oil Co 53
Four Oil Co 50
Hanford IIS 00
Hanforrt-Freano-Kern River.... 50
Home Oil Co-. 4 05
Independence Oil Co —
Kern Oil Co 8 50
Lion Oil Co , 13
McKlttrlck Consolidated 45
Morarch of Arizona 40
Junction Oil Co —
McKittriek Oil Ct> —
Monte Cristo 145
Occidental of We»t Virginia.... «3
Oil City Petrolum SO 00
Petroleum Center 19
Starting O. & D. Co —
Sunset Original —
Twenty-eight 130
Wolverine . 1 25
25
88
15
51
120 00
4 10
23
19 CO
28
43
43
63
r>
IS)
. a
u. en
s»
a io
43
:«)
155
M.IT. W. T. P. h. Uooa'* >fa«M<v
i : i. W p<c«nb«r <¦
w-L * 8 * T 1 1 Last Quarter
D*o*p»tw»r
n I I I 1^ "^ Dw«Bb«r M.
18
17
23
SO
4.1
TIOXS.
J Last I This
|2( Hourcl Season.
I Last
Season.
ifd
sac:
; an
ran
E
Ii
s.
g,
K
B
Ii
L
r 1
reka
3 IV
•ran
1 Fr
v tno
t U
? A]
1 Di
a
i!u
ra
J ..
DC
r
>to
icisco .
ence ..
?1*« ...
o
O ..
18.17
.... *.4«
7.90
7.09
6.42
8.9!
2.27
6.7»
1.7S
25.22
».79
S.00
8.67
4.47
9.33
1.67
3.35
1.82
M.IT. W. T. P. h. Uooa'* >fa«M<v
i : i. W p<c«nb«r <¦
w-L * 8 * T 1 1 Last Quarter
D*o*p»tw»r
n I I I 1^ "^ Dw«Bb«r M.
18
17
23
SO
4.1
TIOXS.
J Last I This
|2( Hourcl Season.
I Last
Season.
ifd
sac:
; an
ran
E
Ii
s.
g,
K
B
Ii
L
r 1
reka
3 IV
•ran
1 Fr
v tno
t U
? A]
1 Di
a
i!u
ra
J ..
DC
r
>to
icisco .
ence ..
?1*« ...
o
O ..
18.17
.... *.4«
7.90
7.09
6.42
8.9!
2.27
6.7»
1.7S
25.22
».79
S.00
8.67
4.47
9.33
1.67
3.35
1.82
STOC
I Bid. I Asked.
Burllnston OH Co —
California-Standard 85
Caribou Oil Co 53
Four Oil Co 50
Hanford IIS 00
Hanforrt-Freano-Kern River.... 50
Home Oil Co-. 4 05
Independence Oil Co —
Kern Oil Co 8 50
Lion Oil Co , 13
McKlttrlck Consolidated 45
Morarch of Arizona 40
Junction Oil Co —
McKittriek Oil Ct> —
Monte Cristo 145
Occidental of We»t Virginia.... «3
Oil City Petrolum SO 00
Petroleum Center 19
Starting O. & D. Co —
Sunset Original —
Twenty-eight 130
Wolverine . 1 25
25
88
15
51
120 00
4 10
23
19 CO
28
43
43
63
r>
IS)
. a
u. en
s»
a io
43
:«)
155
On account of removal, premises ar» sold
and building will be torn down. H. M. Black s
carriage factory at the corner of Natoma ana
New Montgomery sts.. at 11 a. m.. Friday. De-
cember 21, 1300. we wi'.l sell his entire stock of
Carriages. Buggies. Wagons. Machinery. Tools,
etc.. etc.
SULLIVAN St DOYLffi. Auctioneers,
Office 325 Sixth rt.
SPECIAL AUCTION.
BOOKS ! BOOKS t BOOKS !
THURSDAY. FRIDAY and SATURDAY. De-
cember 20th. 21st and 22<S. 1900.
Commencing each day at 11 o'clock JfxJp-t
WE WILL SELL IN OUR SALESROOM bT
CATALOGUE the private libraries of *™ o f :D f~
llsh gentlemen, consisting of 5000 books, finely
bound, and mostly English editions.
NOTE.— This U a collection that very »«1»5»
Is offered at auction. Catalogues now re*ay
and books on exhibition.
EDWARD S. SPBAR & CO.. Auctioneers.
tl and 33 BUTTER STREET.
Telephone Main alSU ~ - ' -
Cash- paid for Furniture. Carpet*. Deska ana
Merchandise to parties not wishing to wait to*
Auction Returns.' •
EDWARD S. SPEAR & CO., Aactioneara.
AUCTION SALESW0T7LD HAVE THE PATTAHf A
CANAL ROUTE SELECTED
FBANCIS J. BALL TBL~
IS t.att> TO SEST
OAKLAND, Dec. IS.— The funeral of
Francis J. Ball Jr.. the yousg newspaper
m^n., took place this afternoon froa his
residence €15 Seventeenth street. There
was a simple gathering at the house.
after which the remains were taken to St.
Francis de Sales Church, whera Father
Cull condncted the services for tha re
pose of his sod.
From there the funeral procession
moved to St. Mary's Cemetery, where the
interment took place. Father Cull again
officiating.
There .were many friends present and
the floral offerings were many aad hand
some. The Oakland Tribune and the
Oakland department of The Call, with
both of which papers Mr. Ball had b«en
connected, sent Coral offerings, besides
thc«» from N. A. Ball. Chief of the Oak
land Fire Department and uncle of the
youcg man. Mrs. Leirman, Mrs. Berk
man. Mrs- Ball, the grandmother. . F.
Price. Miss O"Conner. and other*.
The pall-bearers were: Frank GrtSrur.
James Hurley. Ed Planer. P. Selby and
Paul Goldsmith,
CEISIS IS BEACHED IN
THE SPANISH CABUTET
MADRID, Dec. 15.— During the discus
sion of the roec'al naval budget in the
Chamber cf Deputies to-day for the in
crease of the navy, the Government suf
fered a slight reverse. Senor Inclan con
tended that differences would arise at the
time of liquidation. The Minister of 1 i
uance Ser.or Alende San Laxar. replied
that >ars on'thfs score were groundless,
"he opposition proposed a resolution un
favorable to the Government, which was
adopted by 117 votes against IK Great
excitement ensued, the left and center ap
plauding lo-jdly- Senor Silve'A. former
iYeniier. who Is president ol the Navai
Coxmittee, withdrew the report.
It is believed that in epite of the ad
verse vote the Cabinet will not resign,
tut it is pcsslbie that the Minister of Ma
rine will withdraw from the Government.
On th* question cf the projected mar
riage of the Prinress cf The AstUrias with
Prince Charles, snn of the Count of Cas
erta. being rafsrd, Senor Azcarata. Re
publican, proposed an amendment com
batting the alliance, which he declared
would only be politic if tbe Princess rt
nounced her rights as heiress preramptlve
to the throne. Scrcr Azearata asserted
that the Count of Caserta belonged to a
"reactionary family."
Scnor Sceasta. chief of the dynastic
Liberals and former Premier, declared
that the marriage would be against the
interest* of the monarchy and the nation
Tfc»> discussion was then adjourned.
LAND COMMISSIONXE.
BENDERS OIL DECISION
Decides the Case of the Kern River
Company Against Clarke in
Favor of the Plaintiff.
WASHINGTON, Dec. IS.— The Commis
eoner of the General L&sd Office has ren
dered a decision in favor of the former in
the case of the. Kern River Oil Company
vs. W. S. Clarke, Clarke claimed title to
a forest reservation b;- virtue of two
separate selections.
The oil company protested that these
lands were mineral and claimed them un
der mineral locations made prior to the
date of these selections.
About the time these selections were
made It was represented to the Land Office
that the lands in this and a large number
of adjoining townships were solely valu
able for thHr petroleum deposits, for
which they had been located under the
mining laws and for which they were be
ing developed. The survey of the lands
over forty years ago made no reference
to minerals and returned the lands as ag
ricultural, and the opinion says the lands
remained unclaimed under the agricul
tural laws until after their location as
mineral. The commisMoner holds that
these claiming title to selections under the
act of June 4. I53T. have not done all they
are required to do 'until they have
filed proof required, made proof of tbe
publication of notice and the same has
been approved by the General Land
Offlce.
IOWA TJMTVXBSrTY TEAM
TO PLAY BEBKELEY ELEVEN
Arrangements Made by Wire and the
Men Will Line Up Here on
Christmas Day.
IOWA CITY. Ia.. Dec. IS.— The Uni
versity of Iowa football team will leave
here for California tc-morrow u> play
two gsmes with the team of the Uni
versity of California. Tbe carries, as ar
rang'rd. are scheduled at San Francisco
en Christmas and" Los Angeles on New
Year's day. Iowa's team has a splendid
record, being the champion of the middle
West and for tv.*o years her goal line has
not been crossed. . while she has ; made
large scores against any and all oppon
ents. The games, which were arranged
by wire, to-day were hailed with delight
by the team wto have been out of train
ing for three weeks, but willingly donned
their csst-off clothing and got out to prac
tice an hour after the challenge of Cal
ifornia was received At a meeting every
member voted to go and . the btg trip
was decided within- three minutes.
Tbe regular line-up of the season and
eight substitutes will go and Iowa will
show her full playing form. The team is
in poor playin? condition, having been
feasting and , feted ever since they broke
training three weeks ago. Warner. ; the
star tackle is laid up with a broken ankle,
received in a game of basket ball last
week. Brockway the famous guard., is
still sick from the dope received before
the Thanksgiving game. Other members
are weak from the same reason, but in all
Iowa will ptit tip a royal game. The
line-np is:
L. e.. Eny; 1. t.. Warner:* L g... Little.
c, Ely: r/g.. Brockway; r. t., Burrier: r.
e- Watters; q. b., Williams: f. b., Griffith;
L h. b., Edson; r. h. b.. Morton. ~.
Unknown Men Asphyxiated.
MUSKOGEE. I., T.. Dec «.— Two un
known -men, each about 30 years of age,
were found dead In the Hull House ollmlli
this morning covered up by hulls. . Death
was caused by: suffocation. - The only
thing found to identify the bodies was a
note book with the name Robert O'Keefe
Nanaynank, Philadelphia. O'Keefe was
redheaded. . : -. -
ST JIPFAT H K K FIGHTING
CHHDBE2T FOB ESTATE
Conrad Thaler Says His Wife Willed
Community Property to Her
Own Offspring.
OAKLAND. Dec 11-Conrad Tfcaler mill
make a fight in th» courts to save hl«
property frora going to his d«c«ue<3 wlfe'«
children, under the provisions of her w.U.
Thaler Is a a baker, dotag business at
Eighth and Chester streets. His wife dis]
about a year ago and after her death ha
was astonished to find that she had mad*
a will devising the, property purchasM
with the fruits cf fifteen years of heir
Joint labors to her four children by a far
mer marrfaee— LJzzi* Jung. Hetnricii
Gnstav and Charles rhaler. Mrs. Jon?
and her husband were named as execu
tors cf tbe will, and the cotnplalst filed
to-day recites that they have refused to
allow their stepfather any share in the
estate, valued at S3UM. Thaler explain*
his present plight by alleging that hi*
wife had the hasdlicg of all receipts from
the business asd had taken acvar.tai? of
this fact to Invest them In her own nans*.
He prays the. court for an equitable dis
tribution.
rt ilii&n Ereckenrids* Passes Away
xjjOzrDTKrn. weds
O2» HIS DEATHBED
Six Weeks After His I£arriage
to Mrs. "Wtlk-r.
SEATTLE, Dec. I?.-^TI:ini Brecken
riige. who was buried at Dawson en No
vember IX and Mrs. Jos«j>hir.e D?ra
V.'£.Iker. were narri«Ki tn Dawstt: while
the- tr.an lay or, hi* fieatibed ta the Good
Samaritan HocpftaL Mrs, Walker was
formerly a Er*nccra.pher in a pub'.Ic era
;p!ovmeT!t efEce in t~ls city, and west
ncrth <Junrj? the summer. £kt- got a po
?!ion &a cook on a claim on 3cr:anza
<Grwfc owned by Ereckenridge & Clark.
Not .'-ng afterward Breckenrldce fell I'd
aad w«nt to the borpital- He underwent
i.r. operation, and was apparently on the
>c :o recovery.
and th« woman had
frsed an attachment, and decided to
wait DO ; lor^er. but be married rixht
a-jray. .lie;- called tn the Rev. Mr.
Ora.nt of Tbe Prer.ir>tertan Church, and h«
cfetf the knot. Shortly after the nuptials
* reefccszitfst began to sink, and six weeks
sr.er he was dead. The physician in at
tenftaaec pronounced the 'cause r»neraJ
".•-berc"-!'??:?- H©' died at the aye cf 34.
3rerkecrldge was from Dtsoto. Mo.
T!rs. Brecker.rldge is well known in Se
i-.-lc. wh*re her fcr=:«T husband. Walker.
*?2.f a tsrber. Her mother. Mrs. Barber.
I:-. <^ at Sidney, in Mason County, and has
:t.~-- custody cf Mrs. Breckenridge's little
<ia*ighier. Benna 'Walker. Friends here
tay that Breckenridge left a fortune of
e . at CS.409 to the widow, who is ex
r>*f"ted to ccrse out over the ice at an
early date.
Tiers Back, to Orang* Hiver.
EOZES SAID CAPE COLOHT.
British Trcops Said to Bs Driving
LONDON. Dec. 15.— "The Boers have
rt:1^i Cape Cclccy at the two separate
r<»!r.ts. IdO miles distant." says the Cape
T"ws correspondent of the Daily Hail.
-On*- ccnamarido advanced upon Phllips
tow&; between Colesberg and Kirsberley.
The «ther. supposed to be Herzog'e con
-.ar^", crossed the Orange River between
(jdecda'.strocn and Bethulie northwest of
K\:Tch*rs<icrp. its objective point appar
ently being Cradrck. •
"General !IacD:r.al5 is engaging the in
vacf-rs. wto nave no puns, twenty miles
irift <i* 3urghersdorp. The latent news is
that they are being slowly forced back to
the Orary^e R'.rer. where a warm recep
:. r. :.- terz pr^par^d for then."
GOVEEi'OB PrrTGBEITS
BAXQITET A FEOST
Justices cf the Supreme Cstirt, Bail-
road Officials aa.d State Sena
tors Refuse to Attend.
LANSING, ilich.. Dec. IS.-Oovernor
banquet, which was announced
la honor ef the members of tbe State
Legislature. Justices of the £cpremc
Court and railroad cfSciais of the State,
was given :n the hall of the House cf
Repre*eritatives this evening. None of
-he Justice* of the Supreme Court nor
railroad officials Icvited were present.
while caly three State Senators aad forty
fix Representatives attended. Not one of
the State cfflcials-elect accepted Governor
Pinjrr»*e'* 'svitatlon to be present. The
menu was elalwrate and the list was long.
Within a few days the notorious base
ffi ent dive known as the Thalia will class
it* doors, the Police Comntlssloners hav
ing refused last evening to grant a re
newal of the license.
Despite the fact that en two previous
occasions the commission had positively
informed the proprietors of the unsavory
place that no license would be granted
after the Thalia's lease expired on next
January 1 another application was made
for legal permission to keep the dive open
and thus to allow vice to reign ic Penance
of public morals.
Charles E. Kapp. who app!I»4 for a re
newal of license for his -music hall" on
Golden Gate avenue, was given a week
in which to comply with the law and If at
the end of that time Chief Sullivan re
ports favorably the commissioners may
grant a license to Kapp. The next meet
ing of the Police Commission «rill take
place on Thursday week.
The Police Commissioners
Refuse to Renew Its
License.
THALIA CONCERT
DIVE MUST CLOSE
BERKELET. Dec IS.— The temperanc*
problem which has vexed the Inhabitants
of this city fcr 50 many months Is not
yet settled. The anti-saloon people de
clare that they nave Just commenced to
Sght. There is no thought of giving up
the cosiest- Even if the prohibition ordin
ance be repealed the prohibition problem
will net be settled. The temperance peo
ple declare they will keep up the fight at
the coming election.
Trustee Turner's notification of a mo
tion for a reconsideration will delay final
action until after January L The ordin
ance cannot be passed to print until af ler
bis motion has been entertained. This
will be next Monday night. Unless a
special meeting be held. It will not come
up for final passage until January ". Mr.
'Auraer's action may bring about two im
portant results: It may delay final pass
age o» the ordinance until the Superior
Court has decided the eleven pending
Hquct cases and cause the men to pay
their fines, aggregating S3754: or it mcy
cause the defeat of the ordinance. Thepe
xesuits are what the temperance people
are hoping for and 8ghtir.g for. .
O. O. May, president of the Anti-Saloon
League, said to-day: "We have no In
tention of giving up. We are not ret de
feated and will not give up the fight.
President Maretcn may change his vote.
He ought to do so. He was elected oy
the strongest temperance ward In town
and unless he follows the wishes cf the
people of that ward he does not represent
them; he misrepresents them. The only
honorable ccure? lett open to him Is to
vcte according to the known wishes cf his
ward cr to resijrn."
Captain Marston has no thought of re
signing. He said to-night: "I am going
to stand bv the vote I cast last night. I
i-ave talked with the leading men cf the
town and have had their views acd ad
vice and have acted accordingly. I reallx*
that I have the casting vote on this ques
tion, but all of the Trustees have ex
pressed the same opinions on this subject
that I have, except Trustee Le Conte.
with whom I have not spoken. I believe
that if a prohibition law were submitted
to the voters cf my ward it would be
lost." - ; .
Trustee Thomas Dowd said: "Trustee
ctaats Hoff and myself will act as spe
cial Deputy Marshal* as soon as th's
•-rdi-.ance shall hare been oassed. and we
•hall see that in is enforced."
0. G. May Declares That He
Does Not Correctly Rep
resent His Ward.
OAKLAND, Dec-^S.— John H. Sum
eer. former principal of the
Swett Grammar School and the
Franklin Grammar School of th!s
c»t> nr.d a pioneer !n educational
work In this State, citd to-day at' bis
residence. 21* East Seventeenth street.
SAYS MARSTON
SHOULD RESIGN
NEWLY ELECTED PRESIDENT
OF TWO PROMINENT BANKS
OF ALAMEDA.
DEATH OF OLD AND WELL TRIED
EDUCATOR IN OAKLAND SCHOOLS.
John H. Sumner, Business Man, Teacher and
Farmer, Called to His Last Rest.
having suffered for years from consump
tion. The deceased teacher had been ac
tively identified with public school work
In California for thirty-four years. Ha
was a valuable member of the Oakland
School Department, his ability belns
reccgniied by an appointment six years
ago to the princlpalsmp of the Swett
School, without effort on his part. H*
held that posttnon until last May. when
failing health compelled the popular edu
cator to resign. lie filled in health rap
idly from that time.
Mr. Sumner was a native of Foxbora.
Mass.. ac'd was W years ol age. His early
training was at Brtdgewater 4 Mass.) Nor
mai School. Coming to California in 1S53
Mr. Sunxner engaged In mercantile pur
suits for three years, and then aban
doned that field to become a teacher In
the San Francisco School Department. Ho
came to Oakland in 15£3. and was fcr some
time* an Instructor in the old California
College, the predecessor of the University
of CaJifornla. Subsequently Mr. Sumner
was principal cf KruBklfn Grammar
School, a position he •occupied until te'sT,
when he resigned because cf 111 health and
went to Shasta County, where he engaged
in ranching. In 1S3* i«i? Beard of Educa
tion, without Mr. Samner's knowledge,
called him back to Oakland to resume his
educational work as principal of the
Swett School.
When he retired permanently Mr. Sum
ner wts presented with resolutions from
the Beard of. Education testifying to the
high appreciation In which he was held
as a man and an educator.
The deceased pedagogue was an active
member of Brooklyn Presbyterian
Church, havlcg been an elder, a trustee
and superintendent of its Sunday school.
The surviving family consists- of tlie
¦widow and three cniidren — Miss Dora
Sumner. a kindergarten teacher at Hilo.
H. I.; Ralph acd Roy Sumner. The fu
neral will be held to-mcrrow afternoon at
half-past 2 o'eioclc. from Brooklyn Pres
byterian Church.
FRENCH AMNESTY
BILL IS PASSED
Measure Extends to Offenses
During Strikes and
Public Meetings.
PARIS. Dec 13.— The Chamber of Depu
ties, af ten an all-night session, adopted
the amnesty bill by a vote of 155 to i
The benefits of tbe measure extend to
offenses connected with strikes, public
meetings of associations and the trouble
in Algeria In 1S37-3*. in addition to cases
arising out of the Dreyfus agitation.
During the discussion of the bill John
Lasce-s. anti-Semite Deputy for Condom,
called attention to a letter ¦written by
Major CuiKTiet. who figured In the Drey
fus court-martial at Rennes, averting
that M. Delcasse. Minister of Foreign
Affairs, had told the Chamber an untruth
in the course of yesterday's debate when
he said that Major Culenet bad approved
the Interpretation piaced upon the famous
Panlrarai telegram.
"So far from this being the case." said
Major Culgnet in the letter referred to bv
M. Lasces. "M. Deicast^ even used
threats to get me to accept his views, but
the attempt was fruitless."
The Natior.sl!.=t pre?s made a great fur •}
yesterday ever Major Culgnet's open con
tradiction of the Minister of Foreign Af
fairs, aad a momentous debate was ex
pected on the subject. M.. Delcasse,
however, pricked the bubble by declaring
that Major Cuignet was guilty of an un
truth In accusing him iM. Delcasse) of
putting pressure on him. He went on to
assert that Major Cuignet had never dl^
cu&sed the matter with him at all, and.
responding to Major Culgnet's charge thtt
the copy of the Panizardl telegram pre
sented to the Chamber was a forgery. M.
Delcasse announced that a document at
testir.g its authenticity existed bearing
the signatures of Major Cuignet. General
Chamoin and M. Paleologue. the Foreign
Office expert.
"The addition of a few fnsnlts." ex
claimed M. Delcasse. amid applause, "to
so many others, will not cause me to re
gret having doce my duty."
"WASHINGTON." Dec. 15.— The executive
committee of the Republican National
Committee held- a meeting here to-day
and formally voted . to continue Perry S.
Heath as> permanent. secretary, and main
tain headquarters ia. Washington. The
committee had money, enough left over
from the campaign to pay all outstanding
bills and • these were settled. To-nlg-ht
Senator Hanna gave a dinner to the mem
bers of the committee and there was gen
eral talk over tbe future of the organiza
tion as well as the incidents of the cam
paJ^n- Members of : the ¦ committee, gen
erally believe that Congress and the ad
ministration should now, that the war is
over.- wipe out the war taxes entirely
and get back to bedrcck of revenue on a
peace basis. They bclieve-it would be a
better policy for: the Republican party
to wipe out , the whole war taxation by
one act than to go at It piecemeal, paring
here and there and trying to save more
than a half of this revenue for a sinking
fund, as advocated by ¦ Secretary Gage.
The committee . is not .very . enthusiastic
in its support of. the policy of Secretary
Gage.
ALL BILLS ABE PAID.
JUSTUS SCHWAB DEAD.
Famous Anarchist of New Yorli
Gone to His Last Best.
NEW YORK, Dec. 11— Justu3 H.
Schwab, whose saloon at 50 First street
was a favorite anarchist meeting place. i3
dead.
Schwab was s3 years old. He had been
seriously ill for two weeks with pneumo
nia. . He showed his contempt for the
Prussian army at IS years of ase by
spiking an old gun near his home. It is
said that later he stole a Prussian flag,
took it home and buried one-half while
his father used the other for a mo?. In
spite of that he was obliged to enlist
when but 21 years old. but deserted and
came to this country, ostensibly to learn
the trade of a mason. He Is said to have
carried a r*d flag In the communist riot
In Toxnpkins Square January 13. 1574. and
was sent to the penitentiary for It. Later
he was pardoned by Governor Dlx.
Tiring of being a mason Schwab opened
a saloon In Houston street. His resort
soon became a meeting place fcr cozn
znun'sts and anarchists. The place boast
ed a bulletin board c-n which were pasted
newspaper clippings and pictures, while
photographs of tne anarchists executed
for Chicago's Haymarket riot hang on the
walL Schwab married Louisa. Schmidt,
who bore him four children. One of the
boys became a machinist and the other a
bank clerk. Several times Schwab was
arrested for violating the excise law by
selling beer on Sunday and in 1579 was
the hero of a test case, in which it was
held that his beer was not proved to be
intoxicating.
PHYSICIAK WHO ATTESTED
PRESIDENT LINCOLN BEAD
MOUNT VERNON. N. T.. Dec li-Dr.
Charles Sabin Taft. who attended Lincoln
after he had been shot in Ford's Theater.
Washington, died to-day.
In describing the scenes in the room
where the martyred President died Dr.
Taft said: "Captain Robert Lincoln of
General Grant's staff entered the room
and stood at the headboard, leaning over
bis dyisg father. Mrs. Lincoln remained
during the night in the front parlor, occa
sionally visiting her dying husband. Her
last, visit was the eo?: painful. As she
entered the chamber and saw bow the
beloved features were disturbed she fell
fainting to the Soor. Restoratives were
applied and she was supported to the bed
side, where she frantically addressed the
dying man.
" 'live/ she exclaimed, live but for one
moment to speak to me once— to speak to
your children.* "
Dr. Taft's hand was over the President's
heart when the end came.
"When it was announced that the great
heart had ceased to beat." he said, "Mr.
Stanton said in solemn tones. 'He now be
longs to a«s.* "
THE DAY'S DEAD.
Dr. Ephraim In galls.
CHICAGO. Dec. IS.— Dr. Ephraim In
galls, one of the founders of the Repub
lican party, and during the early day3 of
that political organization, a leader In Its
councils, died at his home in this city to
day, aged 7S.
Judge George C. Lcdlow.
NEW YORK. Dec. 13.— Associate Justice
of the State : Supreme Court Georja C.
Ludlow. ex-Governor of the Stateof New
Jersey, died to-day at his residence in
New Brunswick, *». J.
NUSBAUMER MEN
WIN THE BATTLE
.Capture Republican Commit
tee After Fight of Four
Hours.
The Pardet-Dalton People Are En
tirely Ousted From Control,
Long-'s "Plop" Doing „
the Business. /
Oakland Once San Francisco Call.
1113 Broadway. Dec li
The Nnsbauarer forces captured tha
Republican City Central Conozsittee to
nlsnt after a C^ht lastins four hours.
Bt a vote cf four to three the city com
mittee appointed a committee cf tweaty
elght. delegating to the Utter body all Ita
powers, and then adjourned aad dissolved,
leaving the committee cf twenty-eight la
charge of the party machinery. '¦'— - -v..'""
This completely ousts the Par<!«e-Da!>
ton forces frons control, for. while Par
dee. Dalton and Daniels are placed en tha
committee: of twenty-eight, they represent
about the enly votes of their faction oa
the committee.
Xeltner Err. Pardee. Henry P. Daltcn,
nor G. B. Daniels would 613CU53 the cat*
ter ta cetail to-night, they merely sar-s?
that they had cot been officially noucea
or their appcLaunent upon the committee,
and until that- 'was done tney could not
speak upon it.
The man who Copped was E. 1L Long
cf W eat Oakland, tin was supposed to be
a stanch supporter of the Pardee-Dalten,
faction, ana has been associated, wtta,
E^ilton in Different ways.
Tne figct lasted four hours, aad becan
with a notion to go into executive •«*•
sion. suppcrtetl by the Nas&aura«r vctea
on the committee and opposed by tfc<»
Pardee votes. When Lung vctea wiia.
ilerriti. Le Ballister and Dcody, the Par.
oee fatticn knew that 1 they were Jon*
State senator Lakens led the fight tor tha
Pardee faction, and fought every turn.
In the executive session a resolution wa*
introduced delegating the powers cf tfco
committee to the consilttee of twenty,
eight.
The fight was carried on there bttter>
ly. but tne four votes stood together, an-1
after Senator LoJcens had exhaust*.-]
every parliasientary tacUe. tneludlsg
changing his vote and moving a recon
sideration, the foIlowlsR was adopted,
putting tee old ccinzsittee out cf busi
ness:
Whereat, the ward boundaries cr tha ttt7
cf Oakland, since Use last taualcijai tlectlac.
have been altered and changed by Vnm City
Council of the dty of -Oakland, so tiat ter
ritory w&lca rwo years ayo was represented
by certain irerr.t«rs of tils cosunlt:e« cow
laps over oa other wards, asd ccanirreesiea
are now r-preseatisg wards cr part* of warfj
with which they are not faxaiUar »"-« !ur {
no residence within; aad whereas. th« r— pon
stbUlty thus trc^ose-j upon •»\»a members of
this eoE2U:tee is »ot3ewhat greater thaa ta
forsser rear* Therefor* te It
! Resolved. That tM» R«?ubUcaa City Centra!
¦ Cesuatte* of tt« dt7 of Oaklaad <Jo aad bere
• by Bam* and ereat» a eocxznlt:e« o! :K»r:y-*! s?.u
> t&r«« from eaca of tie respective c«» wards
¦¦ of Use city cf Oakland acd serea at largt. aoJ
; this cosusittee <!oe« delegate to tie Mii coat
j isittee of twenty-e!fht full power to £11 all
; vacancies that xnar occur la Its ranks aaJ
t to arrange all pr«ilmisarles of all «*:><» sr
, cliaracter for tii« RepabUeaa convention *Uc!i
I Is to cosslzutte cs=lci;a> ofscers to b» voted
for ty the citizen* of Oaklaad ia March. DmI.
! Said coczslttee cf tweatT-«U-t is hereby d«:«
{ gated all the authority and paver of this
i Central C^nraJttee In tte matter of tie sel«c
¦ tlon of d»l?^it*s. tie calUns of tie eornrec-
I tlon, tie Cxlsg of ¦;»:•» puces of rseetln?
facd everything tJiat relates to the welfare cf
• the local crra&ization of th» tai4 Rersttican
! party of t&e dty of Oakland.
i The tirenly-*!«lit herein referred; to ar* aad
¦ sraiM be as follows: W. E. Darkle. -Henry
j Ev«rs, R. P. Brotaley. George Adajss, WB
; Uao R. Davis. J. H. McMenotay. EsUl Xa»
'-. bauaer. C. T. Rsdslph. Vf. p. Cyttrtaey.
' George C. Parde*. N. 3. Dc-:r'.n. WUUasa T
VeJteh. VTelies Wbltteincre. Pan* Uth. Oecrs*
! W. Reed. Henry P. Etotton. WICtas: I»or
s Charles Yates, P. M. SVaUh. It. C. Chapisaa,
> Giles H. Gray, Join Bcshaza, TheoiJcre Y.
i Mock. Robert Leckie. O. B. D»-;»!?. J.^ta O.
'< Cadman. C. E. Cottoa aad A. E. 'W'lliiasoiv -
Reaoived. That Friday evesU:?. Dvceta&er 3.
mt S o'clock, ax 'fee cfr.c- of Jostle* cf t>.-»
Peace Qulr.a. coraer E:?h:ii as4 Bro«<J'5r»7.
is bereby fixed >s t£e tls« zz~i place cf ita
first nse«t!ag cf th* said «ts=slt:e« of t»»aty
eig-ht. and Geerye XV. I>ed E»<v U hereby r«
qaested to call said body to ortf«r.
Resolved. T>«t the R»pnb".!-7*n City Ccstral
Comsslttee does ber* aad sow dlMrgasiz* ».~. 1
adjoarn tirall7 ar. t fcrever. bartcg bo further
business of msv klaij to traasart.
DYING, DENOUNCES
RELATIVE'S ACTS
Sensational Testimony of
Witness in Will Con
test Trial
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1HS Broadway, Dec. 1J.
"I couldn't die- in peace in the sain*
house with that dirty ceast. Jim Quinla:u
He and his wife have done' me to death,"
Thus said Mrs. Catherine Lambert In her
dying moments, according to the testi
mony of William Muilins given to-day In
the trial of the contest of Mrs. Lambert's
wIiL Quinlan was the dead woman's
brother-in-law and Is tbe contestant.
In the forenoon of the same day she
*aid this to Muilins. Mrs. Lambert had
left the Quinlan houw and that evenlntj
she had a lawyer draw up the codicil cut
ting eff the Quintans and leaving her
property to Mrs. Gatherine/Walsh. In
whose house she died. Mulllns was called
in and af ked to eerve as executor.
"She told me." said Mulllns In his tes
timony, "to see to it that Jim Quintan
Ehouid never ge: a nickel of her money.
I asked her how she came to be so sir'c
and she said It was owing to Quintan and
his wife. *I>ldn"t he get you a nurse V I
asked. 'Not he.' she said. 'It's strange.'
I said, that a man would neglect you in
that way.' 'He's no man.' she said; 'ne"s
a beast. He wouldn't make me a f.re. and
told me it was high time for me to dte
anyway.' "
Mulllns" testimony was a body Wo* to
the contestant, who ha3 based bis rialm
on the affectionate relations existing be
tween himself and wife and Mrs. Lam
bert and on the claim that she was of un
sound mind at the time when the codicil
was drawn. Mulllns testified to her men
tal soundness when he talked with her,
and the Rev. Father McNally, who at
tended her. also said that she was per
fectly rational "oa. the night of her death.
KEBMAN-BAKEB TIGHT
RESULTS TS A DRAW
San Franciscan Seems Winner at the
Start, bat San Josean Soon
Makes Him Weary.
OAKLA_ND^ Dec. IS.— Fifteen rounds of
&s clever work as ring fanciers could tie
sire and a referee's decision of a draw
were the results of the go at the Reliance
Club to-night bttween Tom Herman of
San Francisco and George BaXer of San
Jose. The San Francisco boy's aggres
siveness, though of little effect, was all
that saved him from losing the contest.
His leads, continuous and bard, were
blocked or dodged by his shifty antagon
ist so prettily that Bauer's stock
ro«e mightily in the eyes of the thousand
spectators
The San Jose man made a stay-away
fight, except in a few- round?, when he
used 'a straight left upon Herman's face
with such telling effect that the cham
plcn from over the bay became very tired.
Herman landed often on the body, but
the blows were not telling ones. Baker's
agility In getting away saved him from
mar.y a bard punch- /
The fight opened wish Herman fast and
strong, driving Baker around the rinsr.
The crowd thought It was too one-sided
for interest. But the second round
changed matters. Herman could not land
where his blows would count. In the
fourth round Baker sent some hot left*
and landed strong on the face. In the
ninth he repeated the performance. Tha
men kept at It moderately during the re
mainder of tbe go. with occasional stiff
blows from each side.
In the fifteenth Baker again used hi*
left heavily. But Herman was fighun?
hard when the bell rang. Judge* DewUi
Van Court and Cereni could - not agree,
and Referee Kitchings pronounced the
conte«t a draw. _
In the first go Georpe Curran knocked
out "Kid" FInnerty in the fifth round.
Indian Joe Gregg and Charles Hawley
fought a ten-round draw.
CONFERENCE OF
THE CHARITIES
Aims and Objects of the
Approaching State
Gathering.
Bill Ess Been •Prepared Which Will
Es Sent to the Conference
aad to the Legis
lature.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
m 1US Broadway, Dec. IS.
The two principal sections of the consti
tution prepared far the California State
Conference of -Charities and Corrections
read ns follows:
The objects cf th- California State Coa'.tr
eac~ of th»riii« an4 Correction are to aSorii
as cnpcrtonr*jr far these engaere-i tn charit-ible
«m! "r-rptn work to confer respertinc -the:i
c«fcc<Js. priscIMes c£ administration ard re
sults arcctnpti'fce'i: to ctffuss rtitaUe informa
tion rfspfwtins charitable and correctional work
and fr'-u-tr- co-eperatloa ia hamanltartaa ef
fort*; vtlh the aim cf further Improving the
ej-stent cf cfcarlty aad correction In tfct Stale
cf. dlifcrcla. All who have an active Inter
est tn th« rublie or private charitable ccrrec-
UocaJ wcrk-tn California are Invited to enroll
tb«rrs»iv«s as members of tie conference.- No
oih»r te« of mensbership thai! be applic-l. and
no BJ«3t«r«ls!j» fee U charted. Use expense*
of th* conference twin? m« fey voluntary con
trlbutlcn.
The constitution was prepared and
adopted at a meeting of the executive
committee, which has fceen handling the
preparations for the conference that be
gins In this city next month. The execu
tive committee met in the building of the
Associated Cbarttes. several Sac Fran
ciscans ceing present. B. H, Pendleton
presided, and a draft of a constitution
was presented.
' It Is a very brief document, the pream
ble and qualifications for membership be
ing the principal points. In addition. It
provides for a presdent, two vice-presi
dents, a secretary and a treasurer, an
executive committee of five members, a
committee on time and place, which will
arrange for the annual conference, and
a committee on legislation, which will at
tend to bills that are to be drawn and
presented to the Legislature. All of these
officers will be chosen at the approaching
conference In this city.
Meanwhile the business is being con
ducted by the following committees: Ex
ecutive— B. H. Pendleton. P. E. Bowles,
J. p. Taylor. Dr. Susan J. Fenton. Kath
erine Felton and C. S. Greene, all of Oak
land. Legislation— J. B. Richardson, Wil
liam Gorrill, Oscar Cushlng and J. P. Tay
lor cf Oakland aad Ossrood - Putnam of
San Francisco. Reception — Miss Ethel
Moore, who will appoint her own staff.
A bill was presented to the executive
committee last evening by J. B. Richard
son. the chairman of the legislation com
mittee. This 1411 was apcroved by the
executive committee and vrlll be submitted
to the conference for Its consideration.
The bill provides for a State Board of
Charities and Correction, whose position
will be purely advisory- There will be six
members, term* to be six years long, and
the first board to classify itself so that
two members will go out every two years.
The Governor Is to have the appointing
power, and he is to be ex-offldo a mem
ber of the commission. Women are eli
gible to membership, and not more than
three members are to be of the same
party. There Is to be no compensation
allowed the members except actual ex
pense*, and the total expenses of the com
mission must not exceed J4.C00 a year,
which Is to Include a secretary, who- Is
not to receive more than J1.K0 a year.
The failure of the members of the com
mission to attend three meetings with
out excuse 4s to be considered a resigna
tion by the Governor.
Tne commission is to have the power to
examine all public charitable and correc
tional institutions In the State with the
express exception of insane asyiums. with
which the movers in this project do not
wish to Interfere. All pri\*ate institutions
receiving any public aid at all are also
to be subject to their Investigation. This
means all public jails. State prisons
county hospitals and almshouses. and all
private orphan asylums receiving any
public aid. The plans of all jails, alms
houses^ county hospitals, orphan asylums
and .buildings of a similar nature are to
be submitted to this- board before con
struction, for the adviee and criticism of
the board. The Governor is given power
to order inrestlratlons whenever he sees
fit. :.
The programme of the meeting has al
ready been announced. The only charge
is that Governor Gage will not be present
as was expected.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
WASHINGTON, Dec. IS.— Dec. IS.— The
following patents were issued to-day:
California— Hans C. Behr. San Francisco,
assignor to Fraser & Chalmers, Chicago,
hoisting machinery; Joel A- Eastman, as
signor to C R. Eastman, fruit crate lock;
Wilson R. Ellis Llvermore. candle;
Charles E. Elstner,' Los Angeles, hotel
register; Joseph Herbs, Fall Brook, power
transmitting machinery; White W. M.
Hlckey. San Francisco, gold separator;
Jacob Hommel. Los Angeles, heat Insu
lating paint; John Jett. San Francisco,
saw-handle; John M. Joncston and O.
Vanorman. Los Angeles, massage chair;
Eli S. Knight. - McCloud. .pulley block;
George H. Larkln. San Francisco, hydro
carbon burner; Olln J. Lawry. Redding,
bicycle: Charles J. and T. T. Luckehe.
Grt'dley. draper slat protector; William
RiddeH. San Francisco, motor vehicle;
David M. Smyth, assignor to F. C. Bolt,
trustee. PaMdena, gumming mechanism
for book sewing machines; James H.
Wheeler, assignor one-half to W. Wilson.
San Francisco, comb cleaner.
Oregon— Charles A. and O. Anderson,
Portland, can opener; Samuel W. Gut
ridgre. granite saw-filing machine: Robert
E. Hlckson, Movo, sled.
Washington — Harrison A. Denney. Rear
don, brake; Fred B. Fulton. Anarcortes,
can filling machine; Xormaa L. Goodwin,
Thorp, horsehidelng device: Harry Luck
enbach. Seattle, assignor one-bait to \V.
McPhee. Arlington, treating ores; Frank
W. and H. L. Shupert. Spokane, exhaust
nozzle tip. - , ; . "~_l -¦¦¦'•
PostofSees to be discontinued December
33t California— Chat. Lassen County; mall
to Cuba. - ¦ - -
Washington— Artesian, Yakima County;
mall to North Yakima.
Postmasters commissioned: Washing
ton—George B. Cooley. Blewett; Frederick
Prosch. Seabeck; Harrj' M. Goodrich.
Geneva^SRaSSS6S!8B^S^ffiJ3**feii
Postmaster appointed: Oregon— John R.
Hale. BInger. Douglass County. \ice S. R.
Miller, resigned.
The following postofflces will become in
ternational inoaey order offlces January 2:
California— Blue. Lake, Frultvale. Lone
Star. Taylor: Oregon— Lakeview; Wash
ington— EUensburg.
Senator Perkins to-day introduced, a
resolution which will be adopted providing
for printing one« thousand copies of the
summary cf investigations of the ueologi
cal survey and the Water and Forest As
sociation "of California.
The Foreign Relations Committee, hav
ing voted to report the Jamaica recip
rocity treaty to the Senate. Senator Per
kfns has asked for a hearing before the
committee pending' the presentation of
the treaty in the Senate. The treaty will
be held in committee until Senator Per
kins has had the opportunity of felly
stating- the injurious effect of Its.provis
ions upon Citrus fruit and other interests
of California. It is understood the treaty
has many, supporters" among the Republi
can Senators and would doubtless be rati
fied, but 3enator Perkins may be able to
induce the committee to pigeonhole it for
this session.
-Padnc Coast pensions have. been grant*
ed as -follows tv " • - :-> '
California: * Increase-^MIlton Lee, Eure
ka, r*-. .--.- ¦ - ' ¦ '¦-- - - -¦ , : . ¦- -
Orepon: Original— Jonathan H. Van Or
den. Hubbard. H. Increase— George - H.
Taylor. Brownsville. 512. Original .widows
—Minors of Alonzo Robblns. Pendleton,
$12. -- ¦;•¦_¦ ¦¦ . ¦ ¦. -.:-.,¦ ¦-¦;¦¦;
"Washlnjrton: Original widows— Dorothea
Behnke. Oneida. U; Clara E. Nichols,
Grifflth. $«; ililla P. Dodgc^Korth Yaki
ma, JS. _
Lady Yarde-Btiller' In Cotirt.
. OAKLAND." Dec. : 15.— Lady Tarde-Bul
ler will soon have to repeat the: story of
her troubles in- court. A citation was to
day issued ordering her to appear before
the Superior. Court on December 31 and
show;cacse why a guardian of her person
and property '¦ should not ". be . appotsted
The citation. is pursuant to a: peitlon filed
yesterday; by ,Vt. -B. : Greenebaum. asking
that a guardianship be established. .
Oakland Offlc* San Francisco Call.
U1S Ercadway. Dec IS
Tfat completion of the new decks aad
• arehouse* at Long wharf for the ac
ccmmo-tUtion of the Pacific Mail Steatn
t r..y _ Company's business Ehcrtly to be
.ar~.ed ca this side of the bay is so
-- £T*?i2w<££ Jaa^ry to take freight
.._..- the big cmna steamships.
S roofed la. a large g2.~g of sec
22L^S s . tH^ a !tsr -« o= track laying
rcr= the main line to the warehouses \
¦.r.r*e-sp or track will be run downtoth
¦ \l\.f2 i** 1 freight can be transferred
?w J » rc » the steamers to th» car^
r the overland harU. This wlil rive
_-?.e aee©nimo<u.tica fcr the rapid d*
.ver>- cf east-bou-d freight aad will tafc
..^n^led during the cischargir-g of ca-ej
So .»r m has been decided the new
---T*trr s JV 1 - 1 ** used fcr tfc e present for
r!^^ 5^? 6^ cf EOl^=S out over
jLsa bound freiftt. It is not the inten
aca to abandon the Mail dock in San
* rarjcisco pensasentlr at this time al
•r.ougrh that conttcgeno" has been pro
vifiw aralnst ia the arrangements at
-enr wharf. If the steamship company
c^det to make the new docks the only
>.r=!_su». railroad men say all passengers
«ina S*n Frar.ctsco freight can be aceom
rsocatei as easily as the overland busi
r.ess.
If the dock should b* made a pas^enrer
c * >po 5i ep*ci*l train sei-i-tce between the
•ar-arf and Oakland pter wo«Ld have to be
maintained. Passengers to reach San
-Francisco would a!?-» be compelled to
cross the bay to reach their destination
.n view cf these conditions, it is not
tccufht that they will be put to that ls
ccnvenierice until natters are more thor
oughly w.tled-
Beside* the work ca the new dock.
tracks as4 other apptirter-ances. much
£re£gir-g is b*ing Acne about the slips to
irtye F-eritr cf depth for the ocean liner*.
This Improvement is one cf the most ex
tensive which the railroad company ha«
undertaken en this tide of the bay for
•everal rears. It has important bearing
-?on placs. public s=.d private, for the
early development of Oakland s vast pos
sibilities oa the water front scuta and
v«t cf the city.
It Is announced that the Cofted Stare*
Govemmec: fca.* decided to dock the rev
enue cutter* Rush end B*ar la Oakland.
%rA that they wtl! be repaired at Boole
& gcrs' ship yards ia this city. This is
the Srst Government wcrk that has been
S^r.e in Oakland, aad 5t will net be the
last If the Oakland commercial and gov
err^ner.tal twiies «~%r. brirr i: about.
Bcztiern Pacific OScials Say They
Will Bi Able to Accommodate
Both. Passenger and
Freight Service.
Long Wharf Terminus Near
to Completion for the
Oriental Trade.
DOCKS TO HANDLE
THE MAIL LINERS
ALAMEDA, Dec IS.— J. E. Baker
was elected president of the Bank
at Alaxeda and the Alameda Sav
ings Bank at meetings which
were held to-day of the board of
directors of each institution. It was nec
essary for the directors to nil the offices,
as ,ther were left vacant by the death of
the late Henry Sevenlng.
Mr. Baker has \ been cashier of the
two backing Institution? for twenty-two
years. He established the Bank of Ala
ireda in 1ST*, having come from San 'Jose,
where fee -was an official, of the First Na
tional Bank, for that purpose. Mr. Baker
is one of th*i most successful financiers
of California scd he has wide prominence
as a business man among^cen of affairs.
He Is very highly thought of !a Alameda
and is greatly interested in church work,
being superintendent of the Sunday-school
of the First Presbyterian Church.
E. R. Tabor, who has been assistant to
Mr. Baker fnr many years, has been ap
pointed to the vacancy st the cashfer's
desk of both banks, due to the elevation
of Mr. Baker.
J. E. Baker Chosen to Fill the Vacancies Created
by Death of Henry Sevening.
IS ELECTED PRESIDENT OF LARGE
ALAMEDA BANKING INSTITUTIONS
THE SAN; FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 19. 1 900.
THE LATE TEACHER. BUSI
NESS HAN AND FARMER OF
CAKL.OCD.
The ladle* la charge- of the Children's
Hospital bare arranged to eelebrats th«
twenty-fifth anniversary of the found-
Ing of the Institution by holdir.g "dona
tion days" in aid of their work. From
Friday. December ». to Monday. Decem
ber 24. exclusive of Sunday, the commit
tee In charge win attend at 2TI Sutler
street, where donations of money, eoal.
groceries, linen aad supplies of a suitable
character will be received.
An earnest appeal Is also made to the
mothers of San Francisco to found a
child's bed la the hospital to- be known
as the "mothers* bed." The interest on
COOJ would suffice to maintain the bed
and the ladles hope that they will re
ceive enough money to carry oat the plan.
Subscriptions will be received by Mrs. W.
B. Harrington. Mrs. L. I* Dor-bar Mrs.
John F. Merrill, Mrs. J. W. Kerr. Mrs.
F. I* Miller. Mrs. WOliam Hardy. Mrs.
I. N. Walter. Mrs. Wendell Easton. Mrs.
Rolla V. Watt and Mrs. C E. Holmes.
DONATIONS ABE "WANTED
FOE CHILDBEWa woawTAT.
COLON. Colombia. Dec 13.— Aivic-s
from Bogota *ay a Minister of Colcmtu
will shortly proceed to Washington, there
to enter into negotiations for opening the
canal In course of construction through
the Isthmus of Panama. Colombia, reserv
in? national sovereignty aad guaranteeing
free transit to the nations of tis wortt.
¦«-/
11
j "SELLING IN BUNCHES OF FOUR,"
I a Newsdealer.
S. F JEWS LETTER.
tO4 FAGES....25 OENTS.
THESE DID THEIR BEST WORK FOR IT:
LITERATI. ARTISTS.
3OKQVTTS MILLER WILLIAM KEITH
W*C MORROW C. CADENASSO
JAMES D. PHELAN L. P. LATIMER
AMADEE JOULL1X E\*ELTX McCORMTCK
WILLIS POLK GRACE HUTDSON
REGIXAJLD SCHUTLER MAREN M. FROELICH
CARROLL CARRINGTON ORRIN PECK
> WALLACE IRWIN AMADEE JOULLIX
T«»r»OR JACOBS DR. A- GENTHE
HERBERT FOLCER H. WERNER
ASHTOJf STEVENS R- J - WATERS
ALICE PRESCOTT SMITH OSCAR MAURER
GP^ACE ADELAIDE LUCE , ROBBIE EAGLE
* A. BERINGER
YOUR CHRISTMAS NOT COMPLETE WITHOUT IT
6END IT TO Y0UR,FRIENDS-25 CENTS.
• - - --
| Protect Yourself Against Substitution I
5 By ALWAYS USING the "FULL NAME," i
| Hunyadi Mm§ |
3 - , Read this testimonial from Professor W. H. Mays, M. D., 3
y " ™y re*** I hare regarded H«» jtUH J»«« ¦ »» » most efflcieat Aperies t Wikr, C
j t*sr of kdmlnUtntlos aad praxapt ud reliable la ita setiaa. For Coastlpatlaa is thote 4
p of scdectirr bibit or billona _ temperament U43 rlsd nothlsc better.** w . H. M»r», m
m if. D., Professor of Grne«o}os7 at th« S&b Fr»scisco Polj-eUsle, Post GrsdsatA jf
L . Department. Cnir trsi t j of Calif arsis. O907). - •
I For Constipation or Stomach Disorders, \
5 "HUNYADI-JANOS" HAS NO EQUAL. 5THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 19, 1900.
12
SAN FRANCISCO CALI- j
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Frone.'seo
Call, corner cr Market and Third i>tre«t»; open
-ntu 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-i-7 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. n_ j
800 Keycs street: open until 9:30 p. m. ;
CK McAllister street; open until J:S» P. m.
C15 Larkin street; -open - ntl1 9:3 ° p - ra -
1941 Ki-sicn street: opca until 10 P- nx
22G1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until S p. m.
10« Eleventh street: coe- nntll 5 p. m.
!0?t Valencia etreet: open until S p. m.
Nerthwett corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open arrtll 9 p. rn.
MEETING NOTICES. j
CROCTCETT^I/WOE No. 13?. F- -«d A. * j
M. K 2d THIS EVENING. December JL .
w. Si*. 7:S ° o ' ci^ TO gTR^-_._ggs_!_jy
EXCELSIOR IjOPGE No. 166. F. and •
A M Special meeting TH1»_»%_
rWEDKESDAT) EVENING. Decem-TCX 1
t»rliit 7:30 o'clock. FirFt drgree. ' I
TIIEO. E. SMITH. Secretary.
ORIHNTAL Er.c— mpment No. i.7, I. O. jV >g !
O p.— Officers and members: \t>u are yf
notifl'pd to assemble In Encampment S\ \
Hall WEDNESDAY at J a. m.. W «•/ X j
f-tid the lur.fra! ot our late patriarch. It. C i
l" SCI1V.AT-Z. F. W. DEIiBY. C. P. j
GULDEN GATE Ledge No. 204. I.
¦ ¦¦¦ Offl ers md member?: iy^SgJ^.
vou are hereby notified to affem- s^R^si^ '
hie at the lodKeroom WEDN—S- "'***• j
DAT MORNING.. 9:3.1 ofc-rp. to attend the 1
funeral of our iate brother. R. C. SCHWARZ.
C. R. MACLACHLAX, Rec. Sec.
APOLLO LODGE No. 123, I. O. O. .-^;_— tt&>_
jr. Triple INITIATION THIS
rFTUTDAY) NIGHT. 8 o'clock.
Memorial n-U.^^ £ ZQB^ $ o .
W. F. NORCROSS. Rec. Sec.
ANNUAL meeting cf the Servian^ . _,. .
Montenegrin L. end B. Society -iljrjj/
via be r.eld THIS (WEDNES- j»ri_£_rn
DAY) EVENING. December 19,' Tfi&f?]M
et T :? o'clock sharp at 909 Mar- }i>iT'|4*3
ket Bt- to elect n«u- officers for! Jflr'gSB'iMf
the ensuing year (1X1) and th^ iJjSaEWJ
transaction of other Important \£j3»J??S/
business. By order cf ¦*C_>^
M. K. TASOVAZ. President. 1
SPIRO S. Vl'COSAVLIEVICH. Secretary.
KNIOHTS of the Golden Eagle meet THIS
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING, at 8 o'clock. I
Native Sons' Hall. 414 Mason st.; 3d degree.
ACADEMT^pf Sciences IHaTC TO-NIGHT? Sls-
ter Sa.Egharr.itta on "Buddhism"; free.
THERE -will be a meeting of the Society
Daughters California Pioneers at Pioneer Hall
to-morrow (Thursday), December 20, at 2
o'clock ». m.
MISS DE FOREST. Secretary.
THE annual meeting cf the stockholders «I the
Nevada National Bank of San Francieco, Cal..
will be held at it» banking house, 301 Mont-
gomery st.. San Ftancieco. CaL, on TUES-
IiAY. January S. 19CL at J:15 o'clock p. m.. !
fcr the election of director* to serve for the
ensuing year and the transaction of such >
ether business as may come before the meet-
ing. GEG. GRANT. Cashier.
Fan Francisco. December 8. 1900.
AGENTS WASTED.
60UCITORS -~™-™~~
Gentlemen or ladies having experience can
m_ke t:_ money.
Apply at once between 8 and 12 a. m.
UTICA CLEANSING COMPOUND CO..
21 Spear it
AGENTS — Do you want something more, proflt-
_ble and easier to sell than books or insur-
ance? Add. F. PERSON, r. 412, Porrctt bldg.
SOLICITORS wanted; men or women; Rood 1
salaries warranted; payable either weekly or |
monthly: fxpfnten paid. 927 Market, rm. 615. !
ADO PTIO.V
A GOOD home open for girl or boy baby. Add.
Mrs. Dr. Funke, 1416 Eighth St.. Alameda.
ASPHALTIM IIOOFIAG.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired: portal. 11S6 Mission; tel. Folsom 1607.
ASTROLOGY.
DR. C. TOUSET TAYLOR. Scientific Aetrolo-
per — Free copy "The New Moon." 765 Market.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW. ., •
R. W. KING, SI7 Market St., 6th floor, room K7 |
—Estates, damages, attachmente. bankruptcy, j
collection?: all cases; fair fee-; no advance i
charges; loans on eetates. Tel. Howard 1537.
ADVICE free; divorce law a epecialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. \V.
HOWE, etty at law. M0 Market, cor. Stockton. :
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. K7 Market et.. opp. Mason.
FRANK W. SMITH: mining and probate law
& specialty. Mills bldg.. room 3. 4th floor.
I. EDW. JARRETT. Hearst bldg.. Third and
Market f ts. ; phone Red S26-.
L. P. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg., 917 Mar-
kpt et.: consultation free; no fees In advance.
BATH CADI\ETS.
P.OBINSON*. Niagara, Perfection and others. W.
P. BROWN CO.. agency. Hi Ellis St.. S. F.
BICYCLES For Sale or Exchange, i
ALLEN cells the Best bicycles. Columbia,
gpaldln-. Barn>>_. Hartlord, Monarch. Stor-
rner. Pennar.t, |20 up. SCI Larkin & 1970 Page.
BICYCLES at reduced prices; we are cle_rlng
out our 1S00 models to make room for new
1901 rtoek. Yosemlte Cycle Works. 1522 Market
Bl'SIXESS CHANCES.
A— JTOOft— LEADING barroom of this city; es-
tablifhed many years and doing a flrst-clasi
I>aying business; place is located near Kearny
and Market Kts. : above $2500 stock on hand;
Fplendld bargain; owner must leave the city
at once to attend business north. Call R. G.
WILKE, 2R4 Kfarny et.
A— fl!i>0; CORNER grocery and bar, one block
south of McAllister st.; rent 145; 4V4 years
lease; stock will invoice the price; a good-
raying buMness and established many years.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26 1 _ Kearny st.
A— *C00; SALOON; estab. 20 years; close to
Chronicle bldg.; stock will Invoice the price;
lease; p'ace known as one of the best-paying
resorts in city. Call R. G. WUke, 26^4 Kearny.
«400 — CORNER saloon on Davis «t. ; no Sunday
or night work: rent $M; a first-class paying
r-rcpost.-in'.. Inquire R. G. WILKE. 2CH
Kearny Et.
R00— FOR pale; ealoon, one block north of
Market St. ; under present ownership over a
dozen years; reasonable rent; examine stock;
rare chance. Particulars R. G. WILKE, 2S%
Kearny st.
A— $C00; CORNER saloon on Jackson «t.; rent
I2&; kept by present owner 7 years; good bual-
neM; clearing $125 per month. R. G. WILKE,
2C% Kearny st.
A— J100; BRANCH bakery and stationery; 4 liv-
ing rooms; rent $13; a good business for man
tr.d wife. Inquire R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A— MAGNIFICENT bargain; grocery and bar;
best corner location, near City Hall, estab-
lished 10 years; a money-maker; rent, $80,
with 4 years' lease and 10 months', insurance
paid on stock. M. A. BROOKS, 12 Golden
Gate ave.
A— WANTED — A good tenant for grand cor-
ner store e_nd basement with fixtures suit-
able for grocery business; special Induce-
merits. Apply SPECK & CO.. 687 Market. -
5150— PARTNER wanted In chicken ranch;
eteady man required. McLAUGHLIN & CO..
TTTVs Market St.
H:&— FRENCH laundry, with all tools neces-
eary; doing fine business. BA£ ILE. 1 Eddy.
COFFEE ealocn and restaurant for sale; price
$400; dally receipts from |S5 to $60; good pay-
ing: I have other business to attend; call at
the place. 410 Kear.-.y st.
TOUXQ man (German) .would like position as
bartenier; city or country; good references.
Addrees G. M.. 1104 L&rkin st.
C^O— PARTNER wanted In meat market; need
not have any experience. Call at 495 Fourth.
100— RESTAURANT and cafe; do'.ng good busi-
nees; must be sold to-day. 45» Geary Ft.
TOR SALE— A rare chance; a few Transvaal
Kruger sovereigns and half-sovereigns; would
make nice brooches or any other design of
Jewe-iry for Christmas presents; also a file
of Johannesburg Standard _ Diggers News,
riving particulars cf war— Boers vs. English.
*0i Minr.a ct.
CORKER grocery and bar; well stocked; 4
living rooms; rent. Jl'S. Apply at Call Of flee.
BTOP.E with living rooms; suited for bakery
and notion*; low rent. 1209 Devisadero st.
BOOT and shoe business; established over 25
years. 4 Summer et., oft Montgomery.
BAKERT— Best location in city; good store
business. A 'id ret a Call. Box 8921.
WK>— RESTAURANT and --loon; good business*;
<N-p rent; must sell. £37 Mission ft *
MOO— GRAND opportunity for lady or gent; loca-
tion perfect: cigars, stationery, notions. Wait-
ing, room. 23d-a-e. station. E—st Oakland.
$30 WIN6 MM per month at races; reference.
given. Information Won*. Ml Market, r. . 4.
KEFTACRASCT for -ale. with lease; good p*y-
inc business; safe, cash register, etc; open
for Inspection. 125 Ellis rt.
2 on nale— Small restaurant; reasonable; two
2ivi_g-roc__, Box T£2, this offic#
BUSINESS CHANCES — CONTINUED. |
A— GROCERY and bar; best oorner location;
cause, death. COWING _ CO.. 719 Market St.
A— REST A UR ANT ; beet location; bargain this
day. COWING & CO., 719 Market Bt.
A— FINE corner drug store: clears $100 month.
COWING _ CO.. 719 Market at.
A— PLUMBING shop: centrally located; horse,
wagon: sickness. COWING & CO., 719 Market
A— PALOON; heart of city; money maker.
COWING. 7X9 Market St.
A— PLAY THE RACES—
20 to CO per cent profit monthly on our new
system; call and Investigate. N. a HAND &
CO.. expert handicappers. suit 12. 34 Kearny.
CORNER grocery store for rent, $25; formerly
(60; big city, country trade. LATMAKCE,
460 Eighth St.. Oakland.
J1000-GROCERY and bar; rent $80 for store
and 6 rooms upstairs; lease if desired. WICH-
MAX. LUTGEN _ CO.. 318 Clay st. ¦
FIRST-CLASS saloon for eale; on account of
death; $1800. Call 222 Fell st.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
MONEY loaned on lodging-houses, 1H P- _•
anything you want In lodging-houses; s'mples:
87 rooms; on Powell St.; rent $175; price. .$1900
24 rooms; on Leaven worth; rent $125; price 1200
16 rooms; on sunny side; rent $25: price.. 750 i
7 rooms: on Geary St.. rent J40; price 450
32 rooms; O'Farrell St.; rent $50; price... 550
6 rooms; Turk st.; rent $27; price 300
For quick eates list your houses with A. L.
WILLEY. 91S Market st.; phone Black E2_.
66 ROOMS 66 ROOMS
Cheap Rent — Corner.
Price 12400. Price $2400,
For sale only by WINSTON & CO.. 1026 Market.
20 ROOMS 20 ROOMS
R«nt $50; water free
North of Market; business street
Price $.1200. WINSTON & CO., 1026 Market.
A-22-ROOM house; central $1000
20-room house; fin=t class 1050
Il-room house; $475: 6-room flat .' S25
20-room house: Eddy; rent $76: only 900
FISHER & CO.. 1CI2 Market Bt.
SNAP— 11 rooms, furnished; clears $25 per ma;
only $125. FISHER _ CO.. 1032 Market St.
60 ROOMS; rent $150 $2200
12 rooms; nicely furnished 900
100 rooms; elegant furniture 6000
Will loan from $100 up at 1H per cent.
DAVIS _ RIVES, r. 69. 916 Mkt. St.
LODGING house wanted; 14 or 15 rooms; north
of Market St.; on gunny clde of street; no
basement; good furnishings desired; price
must be reasonable for cash; (no agents).
Address O. box 3910. Call offlce.
LARGEST list lodging houses; good bargains;
money loaned on furniture. SCirWEINHARD,
rrr.s. 1-2. 917 Market st. bet. Fifth and Sixth.
SHOO— €0 ROOMS; fine location: well furnished;
all rented; low rent. BASILE, 3 Eddy st.
17 ROOMS; all occupied; central; bargain; $850.
DONNELLY CO., 632 Market st.
$150— BARGAIN; 14-room lodging-house; fur-
nished. Apply 439 Dupont St.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
COLUMBUS BUGGY CO.. clearance sale; low-
wheel, rubber-tire road wagon. $80; other
ttyles at proportionately low prices; suitable
Xmas presents. Markt, nr. 9th.. opp. St. NIch.
BUSINESS buggy and harness for Bale cheap.
a Hayes Et.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
NEW & 2d-hand wagons, buggies, cartB & h&r-
nets, wcrk & driving hoi-ea. loth _ Valencia.
. SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. DR. FARNHAM, world renowned spirit-
ual medium; advice In all affairs of life, law-
cults, divorces, deaths; unites the separated:
mining a specialty: cirs. Sun.. 'Wed.. Kri.ev's;
come and be convinced. Permanently located
.13 Eddy St.. bet. Hyde and Larkin; no sign.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, test, business me-
dium and life reader; also medical clairvoy-
ant; treats all diseases at offlce or by letter;
Elttlngs, $1. 1164 O'Farrell st.: take Ellis car.
SOCIAL entertainment 909 Market; 8 r* m., De-
cember 19; ladies from Nome in costume. DR.
R1NES.
EARLE. 305 Taylor St.. corner Ellis— Sittings
daily; seance Sunday, Tuesday and Thursday.
WHAT you want to know told; 1061 Howard
el ; 25c and SOc. W. HARRI8.
MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium,
healer and card reader. 146 Eddy et.
MRS. KOTTER'S circle to-night, 10c; sittings
dally; ladles BOc; gents $L 34 Sixth St.. r. IS.
C. Mayo-Steers, 112V4 Oak. trance medium:
readings. $1; hours. 1-5 p. m. ; tel. Howard £27.
ELSIE Reynolds, removed to 830 Ellis Bt. Ma-
terializlng seance Friday 'evening; SO cents.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer, ulttlngn: convincing tests to-night: 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium. Is permanently located at 1206 Market
St., corner of Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satlsf action guar-
anteed by mall. Send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Daily and Sunday.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles £0c,
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
MME. BERNARD reads life fluently; advice
given In all affairs of life; satisfaction guar-
anteed; 25c up. 17 Third St., next Examiner.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmlet, permanently located 1148 Market, opp. ,
Sth; private readings daily, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. |
MRS. CAMERON, clairvoyant, card reader, me-
dlum; 25c up- S23 Mission St.. nr. 4th; ring bell.
MME. ZEREDA, the gypsy, is the great palm-
list and card reader; 25c 7 Seventh st.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader; past,
; present, future; 25c. 14S Sixth Bt, room 14.
! MME. SYBILLE. 914 O'Farrell: reads life; fu-
| ture husband's photo; S to 12 a. m. ; ladles 25c.
i MRS. MELVILLE, well-known clairvoyant, wa-
j ter reader, moved to 11 Sixth; German spoken.
MME. HELMUTH, card reader, astrologlst—
Ladles. 25c; German spoken. 938 Mission st.
I MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
i palmistry; truth or no pay: 25c. 1149 Mission.
i MME. BCHAJPTFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
elttlngs dally. 448H Jessie st.
\ MBS. E. M. DUVAL, clairvoyant and business
: medium. 215 Kearny st. rooms 8-10.
' MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
• advice; names given: 25c up. 6 Fourth st.
j CARPE.T BEATING AND CLEANING.
I -WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works. S53-357 Tehama si; tel. South 40.
j STANDARD. 213 Guerrero— Curtains and blan-
kets renovated, 25c per pair; carpets cleaned.
Sc yd; laying a specialty. Phone Mission 106.
CARPETS cleaned at Se per yard, laid at 5o.
STRATTON'S. S Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 044.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-Beating and Reno-
• vatlng Co., 240 Fourteenth et. ; tel. Mission 74.
! ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter St.:
j tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
I CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works; 333 Golden
I Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
I !
CHIROPODISTS.
CORNS, bunions. Ingrown nails, warts, chll-
blains; palnlf s cure. Dr. Duncan, 41S Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES. ' \
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un'
Ices successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
$10— COTTAGE; rear; 4 rooms and attic; gar-
den; water free. l_m Filbert st.
DENTISTS.
AT~the ELECTOO^Di2iT^~SurN?a 809 Mar"
ket st., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty;, gold crowns.
S3 CO up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
fice 'hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.; Sundays, 5 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D., Manager.
A— DISCOUNT of 20 per cent for SO days on all
plates, crowns and brideeworic. See our new
unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl, warranted
for 20 years; crowns, $3 50; fillings, BOc; plates,
$5, full set: all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth St.
EIGHT prizes for beet crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my won-
derful secret, painless method; 20 years' ex-
perience; no students;: advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
Pit. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'FarreU et.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventn
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new;, teeth
from $8 p«r set; extracting. EOc; gas given."
THE New York Dentists have moved ' to 969
Mission st.. cor. Sixth. Consult us on crowns
and bridges; difficult' plate work solicited ;
positive rainless extraction. 60e.
MODERN DENTAL PARLORS. 1206 Market
I st- ; expert extracting-, crown and bridge work
- . ¦-- A. L. SIMPSON. D. D. S. *
PARIS Dental Parlor. 235 Kearny, cor Bush—
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns. $3: fillings. 25c.
VAN VROOM— "Painless": evenings and Sun-
<3ays. 1001 Market St., corner Sixth. > -
BET of teeth without plate. DR. H5 O.
YOUNG, 1841 Polk at. - . •
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School:
patterns cut; evening class. 1019 Market st.
ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
Ing, pinking. 121 Post.over O'Connor & Moffatt.
DRESSMAKING: reasonable prices; dresses
made over; perfect fit. . 8S7 Geary st. « .
DEPILATORY.
O. C. C— A harmless liquid for permanently
removing superfluous hair: will not Irritate,
burn nor poiscn the most delicate skin; agents ,
wanted. Ontario Chern. Co.. ag'cy. 426- Ellis. '
EDUCATIONAL.
OALLAGHER-MARsirColiege, '' ParrotT_1dir^
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand; reportorlal phrasing taught; prac-
tlcal bookkeeping, full course, $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post St.,
S. F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
and night sessions; new 80-page catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.,
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.; day
and evening: individual Instruction. $8 peri
month: li/e scholarship, $50; bookkeeping,
shorthand, telegraphy, etc. ; catalogue free.
CALIFORNIA. BUSINESS COLLEGE has posl-
tions guaranteed to it by .written contract,
and can therefore with confidence guarantee
positions to all its graduates. 305 Larkin st.
MISS M. G. BARRETT, Shorthand Academy;
lessons by mall; acknowledged by official re-
porters best teacher, best system. 302 Montgy.
ATTENTION!— Tarr's pupils thorough book-
keeping figures; short time; college graduates
perfected; expert accounting. 220 Parrott bid.
ALL students but two taking -full course this
year got positions. BAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS^COLLEGE J 1236Marketst.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec, mining, mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch. ; day, eve. ; est. 1S64.
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL, 933 Market.
PIANO, hist! of music; Fr. and Gr. MME.
PRILL. Y. M. C. A. bldg.. 6th floor.
VISITING governess; English branches, piano
and bookkeeping; SOc a lesson. Box 747, Call.
MUNSON. Bchool Shorthand. Typing. Bookkeep-
lng. Spanish. 137 Monfy. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
E. J. APPLEBY, banjo, mandolin and guitar.
408C McAllister st,; phone Folsom 2071.
TEACHERS' Agcy. A.McNelll,Mnr.,r. 31, Flood
bldg.; high school, grammar, private teachers.
MR. and MRS. D. MANSFIELD, music studio.
violin, guitar, mandolin, banjo. 1836 Eddy st.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— Night class. 424 Pine st. .
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.. day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission/ nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; estab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post St.: near Powell; telephone Bush 135.
JAPANESE and Chinese employment offlce;
best help. E26 O'Farrell et. ; tel. Hyde 2191.
JAPANESE responsible housecleaning co.; est.
1870. 419 Devlsadero; tel. Fell 136. F. Hamada.
ABC EMPLOYMENT Offlce; Chinese. Jap»n-
ese help fur. 544 California; phone James 2691.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice; all kinds help. 815 Stockton; Main 518S.
ORPHEUM Emplyoment Offlce — Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter: tel. Black 5072.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
Best help. 4UH O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED FEMALE.
RESPECTABLE widow with little girl desires
position as housekeeper; first-class cook and
laundress; no trlners. Address MRS. L V. C,
Vacaville P. O., Solano County, Cal.
ELDERLY Protestant woman wishes place to
do light housework; is a competent house-
keeper; city or country. Address 188 Fifth
st., bet. Howard and Mission.
MIDDLE aged woman desires place to do light
- housework in small family; moderate wages:
good home; reference. Call two days 163
South Park.
MIDDLE-aged woman wishes housework; cook-
ing; or raise baby on bottle; or day's work:
good reference. Apply Ladles' Union, 7 Van
Ness avenue.
RELIABLE woman wishes work by the day;
reference if required. Call, or postal card,
652 Linden ave.
FOR the first of the year; refined lady of 30 de-
sires position as office assistant or typewriter;
small wages to begin. Box 77*. Call offlce,
EXPERIENCED housekeeper wishes full
charge of rooming-house; first-class refer-
ence. Address box 3903, Call offlce.
TWO Scandinavian girls wish - positions as
chambermaids or general housework. Ad-
dress 409 Minna st.
A LADY would like a position doing chamber-
work in a first-claes hotel; city or country.
Box 2906. Call office. _____
NURSE girl wishes position to take care of
children. 1150 Mission st. .
YOUNG lady graduate bookkeeper would like a
position during, afternoons. Box 3914, Call.
WOMAN wants work in restaurant as waitress
or In a hotel. 403 Third St.
WOMAN wants to do work by the day, week
or month. Box 3936, Call offlce.
MIDDLE-AGED American woman, refined and
trustworthy, desires position as housekeeper
or cook on ranch; good reference. MRS. M.
LISTON, station M. Richmond District.
REFINED lady, 32, wants position as lady's
companion, nurse or reader to elderly person;
good home rather than salary. E. F., Call
office, Alameda.
WANTED— PosJUon as wet nurse by healthy
woman with fresh breast of milk. 116 Sixth
St., room 7. . . -,
YOUNG woman wishes situation; . wages $7 a
week. Box 3920. Call. _.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night, $1 50 to J6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109S
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
YOUNG man, 21 years of age, of good address,
has no objectionable habits, wants a position
of any kind: does not object to country. Box
3907. Call offlce. - ¦ .
MAN of 30, -with 10m* experience in cabinet-
making and mill work, wants any kind of
work; shop or factory preferred. Box 3905,
Call offlce.
COOK wants work: a good cook, hotel, restau-
rant or family: can also do housework, gar-
dening, etc.; reliable man. Address .Cook,
318 Minna Bt. .
STEADY, reliable young man would like Job
of driving a delivery or small milk route In
country town; wages reasonable. Address
room 21, 4O9H Twelfth St., Oakland.
STEADY, temperate man wants work as chore-
- man In private family or institution; city or
country; understands care of '.horses, cows,
chickens, woodcutting, etc.; recommendations.
Box 3926, Call offlce.
MIDDLE-AGED, sober man, good I address,
wishes situation as night clerk, night watch-
man, elevator man or companion to Invalid;
light work, light wages. Address P. G H.,
641 Commercial st., city. >
EXPERIENCED young man desires a' position
as assistant engineer or fireman, ' In mines
preferred.; Box 769, Call offlce. ,
EXPERIENCED offlce man wishes situation as
• bookkeeper, accountant or other offlce work;
i security given If wanted. A. B. box 722, Call.
A JAP wants a sleeping room; will do work in
the morning as payment. J. KAUAMITOR,
2000 BuBh-st. - , -'
A BRA NCH office for Call advertisements and
fubscriptlons has been established at 1098
Valencia st. ¦ .
_______________ „
A— SUNNY 6 rooms, bath, dresser; $16. 1313
Green St.. near Polk. . . ¦
A SUNNY flat, partly furnished: B rooms,- 5
closets, bath and gas; reason. 223 Valencia st.
FEW steps from City Hall; fine flat, 5 rooms
and bath. 10 Grove Bt, ...
FLAT 6 rooms, $22 50; 5 rooms, $20. COS and
.609H Grove St., near Laguna. \" '. ¦•
HARRISON, 1122B— «-room . flat; modern lm-
provements; must be seen to be appreciated.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
JACKSON, 2319, near Flllmore— Modern : sun-
ny 6-room flat; bath, etc.; rent reasonable.
MODERN 4 rooms and bath; yard and cellar.
. 312 Waller St., near Flllmore.
$7— 4-ROOM fiats on Victor, St., off Bryant, bet.
7th and 8th. Inquire at grocery, : Wl Bryant. •.
$7— 4-ROOM flats on Victor St., off Bryant, bet.
¦ ?th and 8th. Inquire, at grocery. 941 Bryant.*
FURNITURE FOR SAL_.
FURNISHED flat for tale; cheap. Inquire C33
Geary st., between 10 and _ a. m. v.v; ••-¦;¦•
BINGLE and double bedroom sets for Ml*. US*
¦ Howard Bt. ¦.-:. .¦:, 7.G-- ¦-:¦.-->• : '.::-"¦":¦ ¦¦ :. ¦"' "^:
4 ROOMS furnished in oak $48 40. with No.' 7
, nun. KiM jrurzOXum __. 1127-11H Market.
FITRMTURE WANTED.
CHAS. ¦ LEVY buys your furniture, - carpets,
pianos, etc 1136 Market St.: tel. Jessie 761.. ,
TO receive highest value for furn., carpets, etc.,
aee-TV. E. CODY, 757 Mission, tel. Red 3353.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pays highest
pricefor second-hand furniture: tel. Red 1354.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent. 1305 Larkin; tel.Polk 631.
¦furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot casii.
j HELP WAXTED — FEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN _ CO ....Phone Grant 183
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 waitresses, first-class commercial hotel, $20,
Bee party here; waitresses for Marysvilie.
Woodland, Gait, Bakersfleld, $20 each: 2 wait-
resses, Arizona. $20; many of them fare paid;
1 . waitresses, city, $20; 2 chambermaids to
wait, $20; woman cook, $30. and many others.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Neat; experienced woman for ranch, no ob-
jection to child over six years, | $20 to $25, see
party here, 9:30; Scandinavian chambermaid
and waitress, first-class position. $25; French
second girl, $20; housegirl, nice place on ranch
short distance in country, see party here, $20;
housegirl for 2 in family, country, see party
here. $30; Swedish or German second girl. $20,
$25: young nurse girl; others. C. R. HAN-
SEN, _ CO.. 104 Geary st. ;
K-N-I-T-T-E-R-S
And girls to learn to knit; good, permanent
positions. Golden Gate Knitting Mills. 9-11
' Stevenson ' st., near First.
WANTED— Experienced lady cashiers. Apply
at HALE BROS.. Inc.. 979-987 Market St., be-
tween 8 and 11 a. m.. Wednesday.
A LADY of Indomitable energy, possessed of
self-assertion; good opportunity to rlgbt par-
ty, F. PERSON, room 412. Parrott building.
WANTED—Glrl for general housework and
plain cooking. Apply between 9 and 12 at
12S7 O'Farrell st. ' ' . '
ELDERLY woman wanted for light house-
work; good home; small wages. Call 637
Howard Bt. or 39 Market.
YOUNG girl to assist in light housework:
small family; no children. 10S3 Laguna et.,
cor. Turk.
LAUNDRESS In private family; must have
first-class city reference. Apply at 621
Leavenworth St. bet. 9 and 11 o'clock a. m.
GIRL to learn typesetting; $3 B0 per week first
year. YOUNG FOLKS' WEEKLY, 616 Com-
meroial at. -
GIRL to wait at table and assist with laun-
dry; small hotel, not far from olty. Box
3915, Call offlce.
LADY solo pianist and accompanist wanted for
concert company. Apply from 9:30 to 11 a. m.
Thursday at 9S1 Sutter st.
WANTED— Lady of good Judgment and some
business ability for responsible position. Box
3937. Call offlce.
WANTED — Experienced salesladies. Apply at
HALE BROS., Inc., 979-987 Market St., be-
tween 8 and 11 a. m., Wednesday. -
WANTED— A waitress. 1024 Hyde st.
WANTED — -Waitress, small restaurant. 62
Eighth et. . '
A 1 PRESSERS wanted on cloaks at M. SI-
MINOFPS. 1223 Market st.
NEAT young girl to help In Bakery. 9S0 Har-
rison st.
WANTED— An elderly lady. Swiss or German,
to do general housework. Apply 119 Tenth st.
GIRL wanted for light housework. Call be-
tween 9 and 13. 1275 McAllister st. ; references.
WANTED— Experienced bookkeeper with good
references. 231 Powell st.
WANTED— Girl to do light housework. Call
533 Capp st.
NEAT young girl to assist in light housework;
family of two. 2823 Pine st.
¦WANTED— A lady and gentlemen to rent a
restaurant, dally receipts from $12 to $18;
cheap rent; 20c meals For particulars apply
to MR. BECK, 646 Folsom st.
SEWING Machine operators wanted at Levl
Strauss & Co.'s overall factory. 32V4 Fremont
St. Apply to MR. DAVIS.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
HELP WASTED-MALE.
Xt"c. RvllANS_>rT CO ...... Phone Grant 185
RAILROAD WORK
. ; Tunnelmen
Drillers and muckers for the big tunnel.
Chats worth Park, Los Angeles Co., free fare.
Teamsters
Teamsters . for railroad work, State of Ne-
vada, free fare ........'
COAL~MINERS...
Coal miners for new mine, $2 50 a day, fare
advanced, see superintendent in our offlce to-
day .:
100 tiemakers and woodchoppers. different
parts of the State, - good timber and good
wages; wagonmaker, $40 and found; harness-
maker, $30 and found, for large ranch
........HOTEL DEPARTJIENT
Second cook, hotel, . $00; night cook, $45; pol-
isher and etarcher, country laundry. $50; 6
colored waiters, country hotel
C. R. HANSEN & CO ....104 Geary st.
A— MURRAY _ READY Phone Main 6848
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
............WANT, 7 A. M. TO-DAY
CARPENTERS TIMBERMEN
Timbermen for the mines Good wages
Carpenter for a large company $3 day
0 single-hand miners, $60; drillers, city: car-
riage painter......... Farmer and wife
Milk wagon driver, $35 and found: laborers.
FARE PAID TIEMAKERS and we
ship you to-day, tools and provisions fur-
nished; woodchoppers for all parts of Cali-
fornia, 4 feet and stovewood, $1 to $3 cord. . . .
......MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A-HOTEL DEPARTMFNT........ BUTCHERS
German butcher: 3 butchers, country. $30 and
found; ¦ cook and wife, $50; man and wife,
mining camp; chef cook, j mine; 8 cooks, $30
to $50 and found; waiter, country hotel, $30
and found. MURRAY & READY. 634-636
Clay st. - ;
A— WANTED.. '
2 woodchoppers, 4-tcot oak and bull pine,
$1 50 a cord; 5 woodchoppers, 4-foot pine and
redwood, $1 25 and SOc a cord; 6 ax men to
make redwood ties. . 10c and 12c each ; tools
and grub advanced for all above jobs. W. D.
EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
A— 1 CONCRETE and brick man, 6 hodcarriers,
1 tinner, carpenters, 2 cabinetmakers, 2 hard-
wood bench hands; all non-union; no oflice
fees. Mechanics' Registration Bureau, 410
Kearny st., room 9. . ,
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' Union 1« meets
to-night, 115 Turk st.: election of officers; $1
fine for non-attendance: 8:30 p.- m.
1 . I. , LESS. Secretary.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
WANTED— Experienced ' wrappers and pack-
ers. Apply at HALE BROS.. Inc.. 979-987
Market st., between 8 and 11 a, m., Wednes-
day. . -. ¦ - . ¦ -.•-.-.,. -
WANTED — Experienced ¦ salesmen. Apply *"at
HALE BROS.. Inc.. 979-987 Market St., be-
tween 8 and 11 a. m.. Wednesday.
WANTED^Popular man employed In the me-
chanical department of the Union Iron Works
to represent us during his leisure moments;
$100 per week for next year can easily be
made by right j party. Address In confidence
box 3308, Call offlce. •
SALESMAN for boys', clothing. Apply before
8:30 a. m., S. N. WOOD & CO., 71S Market st.
SALESMAN for boys' furnishing goods. Apply
before 8:30 a. m., S. N. WOOD & CO., 718
.Market st. : , :
MECHANICS, engineers, electricians, firemen,
free scholarship in engineering will, be award-
ed a few well-recommended applicants. Am.
School of Correspondence. Boston. Mass.
GENTLEMAN of indomitable energy and
push; good opportunity -. to - right man. F.
PERSON, room 412, Parrott building.
WANTED — Young man to drive parcel delivery
.wagon; give references, "experience and wages
expected. Box 3904, Call office. i
YOUNG man wanted in bakery for delivering. I
Call between 10 a, m. and 2 p. m... 980 Harrl-
" son st. ¦ .- „ -. - ... ¦;¦ ¦
WANTED— Young man, ¦ German referred, for
wine and bar business; references. Address
C. B.. Branch Call offlce. 1941 Mission. ..
ERRAND boy . wanted. Apply to MacCABE & :
SONS, 611 Merchant st.
WANTED— 3 carpenters. 900 Stockton st.
WANTED — Man - to raise chickens on share*.
821 'Ellis St.. room, 154. ¦ V
BMART boy for grocery, store and run errands.
700 Polk st. ••-¦.¦-.-. ; ..-•--- ¦: ¦
BARBER— Younr.' steady man. I Pacific ft.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 721 O'Far-
-.-.Wll.rt.'i,-.-.,;.' ":¦¦¦- \.." :-;:>¦-¦:- :,;; ¦¦ : --. ¦ . ¦'
WANTED— Boy , In ¦ plumbing shop. .' FLEVIN
& MORRICE. 813 Valencia ; St. '
GET your shoes ihalf -soled .while waiting; 23o
¦ to Me. 862 Mission St.. : bet.' 1st and 2d sts. -
BOOTBLACK • wanted for barber shop. 11
-¦; Sixth -st. : ••-. - ; ,.; ¦¦¦ '¦.'¦/,¦- : \:-.' ./,,''
VEGETABLEMAN wanted. » People's restau-'
rant. 631 Clay; et.r . : - .- ., -,v
A PLUMBER' B . helper. ¦ , Apply at » 4 , Golden
• J Gate ¦ avenue; ;.: ; .' ' -.-.--; ¦-. . ¦/.-¦
WANTED— An assistant drug clerk. ' Apply at
,,,. _fl ¦£____ St. . v.
HELP WAXTED— 31 ALE.
WANTED— Two assistant ship draughtsmen.
• An ' examination of applicants will be held
at the Navy Yard.- Mare Island, Cal.. < De-
cember 22, 1900, for two assistant ship
draughtsmen at $1 per diem, one to be em-
ployed at the Mare Island Navy Yard, de-
partment of construction and repair, and the
other to be employed in the office of the
United States Superintendent Naval Con-
structor. Union Iron Works, San Francisco.
Cal. The examination will be open to all
comers who can give evidence of experience
In conducting the kind of work for which
' they seek employment, and who are citizens
of the United States. Applications should be
addressed to the Commandant, Navy Yard,
Mare Island. Cal., and must be delivered to
him on or before Friday, December ' 21. No
application received after this date will be
considered. Each applicant will state In hl3
application his name, age, residence, citizen-
ship, present occupation and previous employ-
ment or work done. The applications will be
accompanied by evidence of citizenship and
by certificates, preferably from previous em-
ployers, as to character, habits of industry
and sobriety and skill and, experience in con-
ducting work of the kind required. JOHN 1).
LONG, Secretary of the Navy. r
WANTED— Recruits for the Marine Corps. U.
S. Navy, able bodied unmarried. men of good
character, .between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet
1 Inch In height: able to read, write and
speak English. For further information ap-
ply at the Marine 'Recruiting Office, 40 Ellis
street. San Francisco, Cal.
WANTED— A cook and waiter, or man and
wife to rent r«>staurant; lOc^meals; cheap
rent; dally receipts $1* to $16. For particu-
lars call on MR. BECK, 646 Folsom St.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only eight
weeks required; position guaranteed: special
inducements: catalogue free. MOLER'S
BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
WASTED — Laborers and ¦' mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Rena House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MAN to do locksmithing and electrical repair-
ing. KNOWLKS & KENNEDY, 2000 Flllmore
St., corner Pine.
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms, 10c, 15c and
20c. Boston House, 930 Howard St.
BARBERS — Good 3-chalr shop; a bargain.
DECKELMAN BROS., 106 Ellis Et.
WANTED— Good confectioner. R. STEIN, 1139
Folsom st. . ' •£ ¦
¦WANTED — Ornamental brass and Iron ¦work-
ers. S. F. Novelty Works, corner Bay and
Stockton sts.-
WANTED — A bushelman at 2916 Lyon St.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. S62 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
OLD man as bedmaker, etc.. ' in *' boarding-
house. 322 Main St. .
BARBERS— Good four-chair shop for sale
cheap. Apply 902 Larkin st.
PENSIONS— J. H. Shepard &-Co.. old reliable
firm, 806 Market, room 40. Phelan building.
MEN to learn- barber trade. 741A Howard St.,
S. F. Barber School.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart.
GENTLEMEN'S «uj_ to order, $1 per vreek, at
cash prices. N. Y. Tailoring Co., 115 Kearny.
WINCHESTER House 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 23c night: reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098
Valencia it.
IIK.MOHKUOIDS.
ANY case of Piles, Piles. Piles, Piles; over 300
permanent cures among business men of San
Francisco alone: men who can be Interviewed;
no surgery, salves or ointments; nO interfer-
ence with buelneeo during treatment. For fur-
ther particulars add. Physician, box 1950. Call.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc — For Sale
40 HOUSES for sale; also wagons, buggies.
carts harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
827 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
6-YEAR-OLD mare, fruit wagon, phaeton. !
sets single harness; no dealers. 128 A Eighth.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let; send for clr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN _ CO.. 14 Montgomery.
"^ "hypnotism^
PROF. RAYMOND— Strictly reliable: teaches
hypnotism In five lessons for $5. 997 Market st.
INVALID CHAIRS AND TIUCVCLES.
SOLD and rented; manfr. of the Eames tricycle
chair. EAMES Trlcvcle Co.. il(W Market »t.
LOST A?t'D FODXD.
$25 REWARD— Friday night, in Western Addi-
tion, English setter dog; white, with lemon-
colored spots. Inquire at 1293 O'Farrcll st.
LOST— Brlndle greyhound pup; female. Return
to 1504 Kentucky st.
BY working woman — Money In chamois bag.
Return to Slack Gireen. Post and Mason sts.
LOST— Lady's red purse; between Sutter and
Fulton, on Polk St.; reward. 2C20 Sutter st.
MATRIMONIAL.
ALL gentlemen wishing to marry wealthy send
10c for lateft list. MRS. HERTZ. 706 Ellis »t.
~ MEDICAL.
M^tsT^Kr^W^ElrHT^vna^le^p^claUsTr^r^rs?
successful practice; guaranteed treatment at
office, $5; any. ailment; home for patients; con-
sult free. 942 Post St.. bet. Hyde and Larkin.
DR. AND MRS. DA VIES. 1228 Market— Ladies'
specialists: 32 years' practice; positive cure
guaranteed: ladles treated can return same
day: HINDOO HERB home cure; stamps cir.
DRS. GOODWIN, vip'H Market, expert on dis-
eases of women; 15 years' practice in S. F.. a
cure guaranteed; $5 at office; have cured thou-
sands of cases: unexcelled success; see free.
MRS. DR. KOHL, .997 Market St.. corner
Sixth— Safe and reliable ladles' physician;
treatment. $5; positive cure guaranteed: when
others fall consult, free. MRS. DR. KOHL.
MRS." DR. ALLEN. 1035 Market— Ladles' spe-
cialist; safe and sure cure. $5: best care: low
fees; when all others fall consult free.
LADIES' Home Remedy Co., 212 Ellis st. Pri-
vate diseases of women; satisfaction guaran-
teed or money refunded; sanatorium.
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist, 111S Market st.
DR. POPPER, specialist for 37 years for female
troubles. - 323 Kearny st. ; call and see me.
MRS. DR. GWYER, ladles' specialist; home
for patients. 504 Eddy st.
DR.. NO -TOY KEE cures disease by herbs;
advice free. 704 Sacmmento 5t.. near Kearny.
MIXING A\D ASSAYIXG.
LADY partner with some capital In valuable
gold mine. Room 211. Examiner building.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SAL...
BOILERS Engines, 2d-hand machinery. ¦ Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-137 Fremont at.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters.
linoleum, new. and second-hand; we tlwnys
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
32 complete outfits on one floor, ready made:
we can ship everything In 24 hours. J.
NOONAN, 1017. 1019, 1021. 1023 Mission St.,
above Sixth; write for catalogue. ¦
"A beautiful rosewood pearl inlaid guitar and
case for $15: cost in music store, $27. UNCLE
HARRIS,. 15 Grant ave.: . .
BUY a brand new typewriter for $5 lown and
$5 per month: write for catalogue and pr!c<*.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE, 400 Calif ornU
st.; rentals, new machines, $3 per month.
A BUYS, sells or rents I gear I machinery, en-
gines - boilers, '.water ¦ pipes, shafting pulleys,
etc. 'WHITELAW, 216 Spear st. - -
PERFECTLY new latest style sealskin jacket;
worth $200; only $95. At UNCLE HARRIS'.
15 Grant ave. : ,. '. •
CLUSTER diamonds and opal ring; cost $125
for $70- an unredeemed pledge. CAL. LOAN
(OFFICE, 32 Stockton St. ' / .
A— 100-HORSEPOWER engine, boiler, two-drill
air compressors. JARDINE'S, 220 Fremont st.
ONE Branswick-Balke billiard table, complete.
Apply box 3934, this office.
BLUE gum piles for sale. Apply, PAUL KEY-
•PER. 206 Clay St. ' . ¦ -v
4Q-H.-P. COMPOUND steam engine, complete.'
- cheap. H.S. WHITE.. 514-516-31S Mission si.
PORTABLE engines.- boilers; Iron .'and \vo>i
¦i planers,^ lathes; 2d-hand.J. Burke. 133 • Beale.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern cnsrfnrs and
1 boilers bought and sold. KROGH Mfg. Co.'.
PHOTOGRAPHIC ' and -magic lantern .goods
•; ¦¦- bought, sold, exchanged. . 103 Montgomery st.
10-TON ; Fairbanks " scale and fire and burglar
¦¦ r-roof'safe.V 216 -California st.' ..
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HEU-
r-'MANN SAFE CO., 417-4S3 Sacnmentd St. -
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hau.l; . moving
BULLARD&:BRECK,^ 131 Post St.
SAFES— New and' Second -linnd: all sizes. THE
.WALT7I; SAFE. 100-111 Market st., i San .Fran.
CHEAPEST and best In /America— The Weekly
Call," -- IS paces, : sent "; to ; any ¦ address " in ¦ the
ti~i.-_ —>.»<_, , or CanadA one year for $_,
MISCELLANEOUS AVAXTS.
MALE pug pup; must be cheap. Apply M. H.,
box 3535. Call offlce.
LADIES* and gems' cast-off clothing bought &
sold. Silverman, 9SJ- Fol3om; tel. FoUom lWL
WANTED— Upright piano for cash. H. L.
WHITEHEAD. 1710 Market st. r
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
Postage paid. ________
.MONEY TO LOAX.
ANY amount on lurniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back In installments or as a* whole; If you
owe a balance -on the purchase price w« wtll
pay It and carry the loan as long aa yon de-
Sire; avoid red tape and publicity: see us
flmt; you will. be waited upon quietly and
quickly. Call 63-63 Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market.
AA— BEST rates and easiest terms.
Second Mortgages
...Interest In Estates
Undivided Interest In Real Estate
Financial problems of all sorts and sizes
solved by HERMAN MURPHY. 630 Market.
A— MONKY to loan at rates which people can
a_ ord to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of your friends or you will lose
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 906 Market st.
ANY amount at « per cent; 1st. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgaces and legacies bought; no de-
lay: get my terms before doing business else-
tvhere. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 848 Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
A — KCO.OCO on city and country real estate and
estates; chattel mortgages; notos and collat-
eral3. J. BROWNSTONE. 11 Montgomery st.
SICO.COO TO lean on real estate or for building:
low rate. Home Bldg. Co.. 222 Sanaome. rm. 1.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount, lewest rates, on furniture, etc;
no removal, no commission; strictly confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
MONEY loaned on personal property or pianos
without removal. 1167 Market, bet 7th _ 8th.
CASH loaned on salaries. New York plan.
THE TOUSLKY CO.. 321 Parrott bldg.
2% on furniture and pianos; $15 up; no removal;
to commission; private. Room 81. 6 Eddy st.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. U, Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
LOANS. 1st or 2d xntgs; city, country: 6% undl-
vlded ints; estates. HARPER. «7 Parrott bid.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co.. 368 Parrott build-
ing; men can secure loans on personal note.
MONET to loan on furniture by private party;
low rate, S17 Market st., room 1.
ON furniture and pianos; no removal; confiden-
tial; on diamonds, etc. 33 Taylor st. i
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without j
indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner huildlng. i
TO salaried people without collateral or In- I
31OAEY WANTED.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest j
in estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room 16, 1st floor.
Chronicle buiHIng. HALLORAN _ OLSEN.
MUSICAL 1XSTRUJIEXTS.
"WE offer you better bargains in pianos than
can be obtained elsewhere; a carload of ele-
gant Baumelsters at very low prices, Just re-
ceived: easy payments or cash, as you pre-
fer. MAUVAIS. 763 Market St.
OLYMPIA music boxes make splendid holiday
gifts; we have them as low as $6 and you can
select from a great number of styles and buy
for almost any price you desire; we give more
tunes with each box than any house on the
coast: payments If you wish. MAUVAIS
MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st.
IF you ar? looking for a really fine present
select one of our Decker _ Son or Packard
pianos: they are simply elegant and have
the finest tone and action imaginable: we
make this a personal invitation for you to
call and Inspect our stock: we sell on easy
payments If you wish. MAUVAIS. 763 Mar-
ket st.
ANY person having us- for a piano can be ac-
commodated at Sherman. Clay A Co.'s wit-
easiest payments, lowest prices and most re-
liable makers to choose from. Eacn the best
of their grade, from Steinway down. Priv-
ilege given to exchange medium and low-
priced pianos for a new Steinway any time
within three years from data of purchase.
Beautiful new uprights sold for $S cash and
$6 per month. We offer to sell some good
pianos for $3. $4 and $3 per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY _ CO.. Steinway dealers, cor-
ner Kearny and Butter sts.. San Francisco:
corner Broadway and Thirteenth st.. Oak-
land^
"AS HOLIDAY GIFTS."
Emerson $S3
Snhmer 100
Fisher , 150
Chlckerlng 183
Steinway 193
3 new Haynes $235 up
Heine and Hallet & Davis' grands, $323 to
$975; new pianos. St49. Can be exchanged any
time in 5 years; $6 down. $6 per month; rent
allowed; open evenings.
HEINE PIANO CO.. H7 Geary st.
A— BYRON MAUZY'S.
Holiday Bargains In Slightly Used Pianos.
Sohmer, nearly new ...$4*0
Byron Mauzy. nearly new...... too
Decker _ Son. walnut case 223
Steinway & Sons.... ISO
Weber 125
Bord M
30S-310-312 Post st., opp. Union Square.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chleair* Is KOHLER _ CHASE'S. 2«.
2S and 30 O'Farrell st. : pianos. . organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the !
customer. '^ j
BARGAINS, pianos on storage almost given
away; also car fine new pianos stored from
factory: must be sold at once to realize stor-
age and freight: Installments; open evenings.
WILSON'S STORAGE CO.. 1710 Market st.
A BIG sale of pianos now going on; all pianos
at reduced prloes; fine large one, $133; num-
ber on time limited: agency Chickerlng. Ma-
son & Hamlln. Vose. Sterling, etc. BENJ.
CURTAZ & SON, 16 O'Farrell st. ; open even-
ings. ¦ '
2 CARLOADS of pianos arrived to-day, a little
late for holidays, but they must be sold at
some price; eaey terms: eveiv instrument
warranted: open evenings. THE DEWING
CO.. Flood building.
SPECIAL sale— Immense reductions: see our
leader, nnly $1'O. BRUENN. 208 Post st.
FIItST-class upright piano for sale cheap; must
sell. S15 Laguna.
A GOOD banjo, mandolin or guitar in exchange
for typewriter. Box 3909. Call offlce.
LARGE 3-pedal upright piano, used 6 mo.; tear-
ing city. 419 Van Npss ave.. nr. McAllister.
THREE-PEDAL upright: nearly new; bargain;
owner leaving city. 2233 Mission St.
GREAT many bargains In ?nd-hand uprights;
email Installments. Hornung. 218 McAllister.
HIGH-GRADE pianos: Steck. Hardman. Con-
over A others. W. B. ALLEN & CO.. 314 Post.
AT KEEFFE'S. »33 Market st.. 4 elegant up-
rights at your own price. Shonlnger agency.
BFST rent 5tock In city: new pianos. $3 per
month. SCOTT-CURTAZ. 560 Hayes st.
SUPERIOP. violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
BARGAIN— Must be sold: nice uprlsrht piano.
SCHMITZ. IS McAllister St.. next Hib. Bank.
CHEAPEST ond best in America— The Weekly
Call. 1C pages, sent tn any address In tht
United States or Canada one year for 81.
O KFICES AND STORES TO LET.
A— 410 KEARNY— Sunny offices, en suite or sin-
gle. tX upward; gas; heat and Janitor service
lnrltidfd.
oiiz ~~ *
i ASPHALT for sale ; quantities to suit; will
contract delivery: our oil stock advances to 3c
share Dee. 20. JUANITA OIL CO.. 500 Mont-
gomery st.; agents wanted on commission.
CHOICE oil stock of rising value tn the Me-
I Kittrlck district for sale. DR. HERBERT
i REEVE. *S'.i Kearny st.
i JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ. 130 Pine street
f MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE
j Country correspondence solicited. - -.-;.<
j CHEAPF.ST and best In America— The Week)*
I Call. 1G pages, .sent to any address In the
Lnlteo States or Canada one year for $1.
OIL , LAX US POIl SALE. ~~
KERN River 'Oil Lands— Proven territory in
, . the well-known tract of "Grace Oil Co" for
! sale; also ether oil land for sale or lease"; m»3t
1 "wonderful oil field known: over 530 feet of oil
| sand; buy rrom owners and save commissions-
: .have been In field from -start: will give you
facts concerning any locality. NEWTOV
I- CARMAN _ SOMES. 101 Chronicle bldg. San
I Francisco: 416 Douglas Block. Los Angeles-
. Southern Hotel. Ttaker»f1»l<1. . " "*'='"•
. PALMISTRY.
SIS
Ta>lor at., bet.. Geary and Po<tt: tel. Hla.-lc -<tl.
PERSONALS.
OWEN McCAHE, Importer, dealer In featb^-s
hair mattress and pillow manufactory; XT
feathers renovated and purified; all featbtl.-j
•old warranted well dressed with my paten:
¦team renovator. 870 Mission, tel Jessie UH.
SUPERFLOUS hair removed with electrio
' needle: electric roller facial treatment f"r
wrinkles: all branches taught. MISS EATON.
1115 Butter st. _______________
IMPORTANT to photogrraphers— Phtitna of Gen-
eral l>«wet and other prominent Eoer gen-
erals for sale. Apply 109 Minna St.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates: 19
years' experience. J. B. RAY, S57 Jessie st.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS, tel. South VJi.
mad* to order, renovated: honest work euar-
»ntrcd; feathers and hair cleansed: fine uphol-
stery; goods carefully packed for shipment or
storage. HOPKE BROS.. 31S and 3.0 11th st.
PICTURES and picture frames of all descrip-
tions made to order: portraits enlarged: we
do all kinds of framing. California Frame Co..
Ml Howard: open evenings; tel. Howard 1C7J.
A removal rale; a nice cup and saucer free to
every on« buying $1 or more worth of goods.
MIKOSHI TRADING CO.. 33t-323 McAllister.
HAIR positively grown on bald heads by purely
vegetable compound; absolute proof. Call or
addrew PR G. S. MOORE. 483 Geary St.. S. F.
SUITS to order on installment*- 115 upward- U
a week. LEON LEMOS. UU Market it. be-
tween Sevenoth and Eighth.
ELECTRIC Jlsht in every room-Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooma;
2Cc to II 50 per night: SI SO to $s per «e.|c"
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-qua-ter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN* OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1212 Stockton at., near Broadway.
FINE suits. |10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery »t.
A-J3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. Jl 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 230 Kearny gt.. near Pin*.
DANICHETF sell holiday glove order*, good for
gloves ready-made or to order. 131 Grant an.
MASQUERADE costumes, play bocks wig»Sl
country orders. GOLDSTEIN ft CO.. 733 MkC J
DR. LAMOTTE*S French Corn Paint, the beat
corn cure: 25c: all druggists.
SUITS to order on easy payments. Art Tailor-
ing Co.. 1644 Mkt.. under St. Nicholas Hotel.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. It JENKEL. 817 Market st.
ALFRKDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores «ray
hair to its natural color: $1: at all druezUta.
PIIYSICIA.VS AND StRGEO>S.
DR. C C O'DONNELL— Ofnc« and residence.
1021H Market it., between Sixth and Seventh.
CANCERS and tumors cured without surgical
operation. DR. J. M. REEVE. CSV* Kearny.
REAL ESTATE- -CI'-Y FOH SALE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery St.
$4750 Rents $12
Two flats on Tenth st. near Folsom; stabla
for six horses; lot 1'xlOO.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
J6C00 Rents J6_ ZO
Larkin st. : 9 substantial flats of 5 and S
roims and bath each; a safe, sure Investment.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
17000 Rents *744 a year
Fulton-st. investment ; short distance fr<*»ra
City Hall, 2 houses of C rooms and bath each;
3 flats oa Ash ave., in rear; lot 27:6x120.
BALDWIN' & IIOWELL.
{11.000 Sutter-st. flats
On north side of street, well located, very .
substantially built. 2 modern flats of 7 and .If
rooms and bath eacn; lot 27:3x137:8.
BALDWIN & HQW_LL.
J32.5O0 Opposite New City Hall
McAllister st.. near Hyde. 2 substantial
residences; lot 60x87:»?; will Increase In value.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
$13,000 Pays 8*4 per cent
• Turk St.. short distance from Market, lars;<»
lot. 6CxS5; substantial improvements, all
rented; splendid Improving location.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
14500 .' Rents $43 per month
O'Farrell st. ; must be sold; lot 4"x-i. 3
houses, all rented.
BALDWIN _ HOWELL.
$2000 Rent- $20
Treat ave.. near Folsom and Thirteenth
sts., two flats; lot 2S:7'4x73.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
1^50 Rentt $32 50
South Park, near Third St.; three-story
' brick building of 10 rooms, bath. etc. ; mult
be sold to dosa an estate.
BALDWIN — HOWELL
$4750 Rents $480
• Make an offer: Brannan st.. near Third:*
large lot. 37:6x137:8; four separate flats; must
be sold; a bargain.
BALDWIN * HOWELL.
CREAM OF PARK LOTS.
Opposite new Park entrance
....Rare chance for home builders and In-....
. .vestment seeker*
i ....Choicest building lots on very easy pay-..
..ment.: on the H-st. electric cars and..
..fronting Golden Gate Park and the new..
..Nlneteenth-ave. boulevard; lota and..
..streets on official grade; macadamized
....Plank sidewalks, gas and water service...
....Low prices; bound to Increase In value....
..Your ovn terms: Interest only 6 per cent..
' ..Money advanced for building purposes; the..
..ccstliest and handsomest modern houses In..
..Sunset district are now being occupied and..' 1
..constructed on the new Nineteenth-ave..
..boulevard. Call' at ence at our branch..
..office (open week days, Sundays and holl-..
..days), corner of H st. and Ninth ave
..south of Golden Gale Park, and ask to b»..
..shown these beautiful lots. Full part leu-..
..lars and price liars also at our office
BALDWIN & HOWELL....
EASTON. ELDRIDGE _ CO..
833 MARKET STREET.
BUSH STREET INVESTMENT.
$I3,0C0 — Near Powell st. ; rents $1465 per annum;
3 flats. 8. 7 and 7 rooms and bath.
NEW— ELEGANT— MODERN IN DE-
TAIL.
ELLIS STREET CORNER,
$13,000—2 stores. 2 flats; rents $1117 per annum;
lot 27:8 frontage and running back 13
rear st.
SNAP IN THE MISSION. y
$8,500— Northeast corner on Twenty-first nt .
near Mission; 3 flne bay-window houses
of 6 rooms and bath: always rented for
$840 per annum; MAKE OFFER.
PARK PANHANDLE RESIDENCE.
$7,000— Reduced from $7300; cost $9000; large.
elegant, modern residence ; 9 rooms and
bath; Lyon St.: lot 23x100.
MUST BE SOLD.
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
$4,730— Two substantial, extra well built Cats
Of 5 and 6 rooms and bath; 33 feet i
inches wide; rent* $4S0 per a_ num;
Twenty-first st., near Valencia.
FULTON STREET COTTAGEL
,- ¦* "" • * * • * ,
$3,230— Substantial, well built modern cottage-
of 5 rooms and oath: brick foundation;
S-ft. basement; near Baker St.; rents
$22 SO; a cheap Western Addition bora*.
TEHAMA STREET INVESTMENT.
$3.000— Near Fourth St.: front hou=e, 7 roorn»
and porcelain bath: rear house. 4 room.;
lot 25xS0; rents $3. SO.
NEW. ELEGANT MODERN COTTAGE.
$2,500—8 rooms and bath; porcelain bath: til*
mantels: every modern improvement;
light and sun In every room; level lot;
close to 2 car lines; Sanchez st.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE _ CO..
633 Market street.
t; p. riordan. real estate agent.
632 Market St.. Room 2.
$3.500— «0xl37:6; west side of Larkin st.. near
Union; with Improvements; street bltu-
mlnlzed; grand view; must be sold;
make offer.
$38.000— Fine large corner, fronting three streets,
with Improvements: near City Hall: Una
Investment; Dart cash, balance on 6 per
cent mortgage.
$13,500— 80_"3 feet; fine Improved corner; south
of Market St., with fine improvements;
always rented: $1273 yearly; bargain.
$6,000— 25x80 feet: north side of Minna St.. bet.
Sth and 6th. with good lmpta. ; rents |ST;
this li a good speculation.
$15,000— Beautiful corner residence of 18 rooms
and all modern Improvements; fine lo-
cation; best bargain offered In the city.
$25.000— Fine Investment on Mason St., near
O'Farrell; fine Improvements.
$37.500— Fine Improved business corner, paylr.s
near $3)0.
I nave several fln« corners sooth of
Market st.; good Investments; payi"S
well; great bargains.
$13,500—53x120; Bush st...near Polk: with good
Improvements; must be sold; bargain.
Call and see me If you want to sell or buy.
T. P. RIORDAN. 83- Market s:.
BARGAIN— The last of those fine cottages a:
30th and Church sts. ; & rooms; all modern Im-
provements and 3-room flat In lower floor:
small amount cash, balance same as rent; s«*
owner on premises. ¦ • ,-^
»IK you have property north of the Park a_<J
you wish to sell quickly, then call oa W. 1.
OUNN. 530 California st.
OWNER3 of property la the Potrero tlwW •!•»
V to tell, call on W. J. GUNN, «0 California
• st.. 8. F. Savings Union building.
A WEEK'S new* for S cents— The Weekly Call.
I II I _a_e_..l_ wraaaer. for »--m-g. $1 yer year.NEW WESTERN* HOTEL.
F I Simpson. Denver
T Hutchlnson. Dixon
E Gibson & w, Iowa
D Denson & w, Iowa
F W Diehl. Oakland
A C Hayes, S Joaa
A J Evans. N T
J Evans. N Y
Miss E Evans. N Y
A Evans. N T
Mrs Menton. N T
H W Thompson. N Y
J Ford, Spokane
G H Carolan. N Y
J J Cummlngs. Pinole
W Seddlngs. Mont
H Balne. Oregon
Mrs W Ely. Idaho
Mrs Douglass, Stocktn
Mrs Clark. Stockton
R Hou?hton. Seattle
J Conway. Eureka
W B McMillan & w,
San M«.teo
T McDonald & w, Cal
C Hallnwell. L Banos
H Woodwortb. Cal
C P Shockley, Sacto
C D McWllllams.^eat
B Fletcher. S Bernard
J Wameke. Xebr
G W Wise, Galveston
R Hall. Truckee
PALACE HOTEL
W D Wood, Seattle
W E Williams. Seattle
L V Druee. Seattle
P Crental. Seattle
C C Reynolds. Pasaden
C Dunphy, Milbrae
C Cochlan. Sausallto
S VT Gundecker. Idaho
P J Batcheler. Mo
N Hathaway & fam,
New York
D A Byck & w, Ga
J S Jepson. N T
C Sellgman. N T
W H Squler, Chicago
W Bush. Stanford
G W Durbrow, Saltiyn
S Rosenhelm. Chicago
G W Cory, Dakota
E E Cain* & w. Seattl
L F Graham & w. Cal
J J Davis, Los Ang
J LarkJn. Palo Alto
Mrs S R Berdlnl. Ala
E A Cox & vr. Sa Ral
F Baker & w, N T
A Galptn & w, Wls
W AV DUon &. w.Butte
A Almy & w, Newport
C L Davis & w, Aubrn
W Hall A w, Xaoa
A Manheimer. N T
T T Williams & w, Cal
HOTEL ABEIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
J G Shebley & wf. Cal
W H Nichols. Courtld
J M Stephenson, Ctld
T J ' Stephenson, Crtld
J W Callahan. Sacto
C Moltze, Pt Reyes
J T Redman, Taeoma
J B Hiirgins. Reddlngr
W- H Hart. Cala
I V Ralph, Alvarado
T P Hellwls, Alvarado
J F Flyueroa, S Qntn
M B Romero, Fresno
W T Hopkins. Lakept
G A Clark. Cal
J Graham, CM
C A Damon, X T
Mrs A Griffith. Or
Dr. C P Thomas, Wash
Mrs R C Beckow & d
Spokane
E X Cooper & wf, Mon
P A Stantpn. L A
J J Effan. Mexico
F Hotes, Portland
J Cronln. Spokane
Mrs H W Chrlsman &
eon
K R Smith
J. McGonigrle. Ventura
W M Penry Jr.. S Mto
P W Morse, Watsonv'l
C Rowell. Fresno
J U Johnston & w, TVy
S A Moody. Boston
Mrs T A Moody, Beta
D Hollister. Courtland
W S Trowbrldge, Cal
P A Rice. St Matthews
P W Senour, St Mthwi
Mrs A K U'est. Minn
V>~ M McFadden, Cal
W H Saroje, Cal
H W Heath. Chicago
Mrs N* T Hone. San J
T P Hawley. Carson
C F Roberta, Eureka.
F Harklns, Lob An*
C L Harris. Los An&ls
C E Durrell, San Mateo
P F Wood. Tulare
R M Shackelford. Cal
G C Mackle, Dundee
A G Eneas, Los Angls
H Fuller, Petaluma
Mrs R Eliot Jr.. Cal
O J Mosetey. Cal
W B Thorpe. Sacto
D P Hurst, Whtlnd
W H Whyhard. Cal
H Parks. Portland
Miss A Paul. Portland
D Murray & wf. Wash
A Murray & wf, Cal
' ::¦' ¦ Civic Club Officers.
OAKLAND. Dec. IS.— The Henry Clay
Civic Club has elected and installed the
following officers: President, George 3.
Evans; vice president, B. L. Quayle: re
cording- secretary, W. X. Frlckstad; cor
responding secretary. A. J. Cloud; treas
urer, J. J. Earle; standing committee—
R. B. Goodcell. Leland L. Gale.
applicant's .hands were covered with
<»ugh is apparently ample excuse, offered
in a forgery case, for the absence of a
signature. J. S. Barnes, on trial for col
lecting fees for bogus applications for
life insurance policies, testified to-day in
his own 'defense that the application In
question was made out in J. S. Fuller's
name at the request of his wife, who had
the soliciting agent sign it for her, as she
was kneading bread at the time.
Barnes also offered the testimony of E-
Reudy, another agent, to the effect that
the insurance companies are in the habit
of accepting such applications.
HATTDS WEBE TOO TTTHL
OF DOUGH TO WRITE
Novel Explanation of Alleged For
gery Offered by Defendant
in Court.
OAKLAND. Dec. IS.— The' fact that an
AUSTIN, Tex., Dec. 1?.— Channing B.
Barnes, the train-robber whose dead
body is reported to have been found In a
swamp near New Orleans, was reared in
Austin. His parents reside here, his
father, Charles W. Barnes, being a gro
cer. The widow of the younger Chan
ning, who was formerly a saleswoman
In St. Louis, arrived here a few weeks
ago and has since been stopping with her
husband's parents. She was informed of
the reported killing of her husband this
evening, and seemed not to be affected.
She does not credit the report that the
dead body is that of Chanriing. The
train-robber's father was also unaffected
by the news of his son's reported death.
He said: "I believe it is all a fake gotten
up by the detectives. It may be true,
however, but I can't believe it. I don't
think Channiner has been near New
Orleans. I believe he Is in Spain."
The father of Channing formerly held
a prominent position with the Western
Union at Cincinnati. He came to Austin
many years ago. The pon was well edu
cated, and was given the best of religious
training by his parents. He was a wild
youth but was never accused of criminal
acts until after he had left home. About
fifteen years ago he served In the Cali
fornia State penitentiary for a bold bank
robberyt and after his release he went to
Mexico, where he remained for some
time. He next took up his residence in
St. Louis, where he resided ' under the
guise of a commission merchant at the
time he and his brother, Charles W.
When the bodv, was discovered to-day,
it was found that Barnes had cut his
throat and had evidently just died. His
own watch and that of Conductor Kinna
brew were running. He had been wounded
in the back and left wrist. Registered let
ters and dynamite were found on the
body.
NEW ORLEANS. Dec. IS. — Detec
tives to-day found the body of one of the
robbers who on last Thursday night held
up, within the city limits of Xew Orleans,
the Chicago itall train on the Illinois Cen
tral Ral!road7"fehot Conductor Kinnabrew
and escaped with a number of registered
packages. The watch of Conductor Kin
nabrew, found on the dead "man, leaves -no
doubt of his Identity as the leader of the
gang who he'd up the train. , „
Shortly, after the hold-up on Thursday
nieht Officers .Daly and Lucich, while has
tening to the scene discovered two men
carrying a bag and walking rapidly be
tween the Illinois Central and Mississippi
Valley tracks. The officers halted the
men. but Instead of surrendering they
began to shoot. Both officers responded
and a lively fusillade followed. The men
finally dropped a United States mail
pouch and fled. Since then the detectives
have been carefully examining the swamp
rear the city. To-day their search was
rewarded with the finding of a body. Late
to-day the dead robber was identified as
Channing B. Barnts. alias John H. Nel
son, alias Jack Nelson. He was wanted
for holding up the Illinois Central train
near Wickliffe. Ky., last July and robbing
the safe of the American Express Com
pany. His brother, Charles W. Barnes,
and Richard Doyle were convicted for
this latter robbery and both are serving
sentences in the Kentucky State peniten
tiary. When the attempt was made to
arrest Channing Barnes in St. Louis, he
shot Chief Special Agent George Murray
and escaped.
Leader of the Gang- That Held Up
the Illinois Central Fast
Mail Train Last
Week.
Remains of Channing B.
Barnes Are Discovered
at New Orleans."
FIND THE BODY
OF TRAIN ROBBER
Chief Special Agrent George .Murray of
the •Illinois Central, who was shot and
wounded by Channing in St. Louis after
the robbery, spent several days here a
few weeks agro In search of Channins,
who was believed at that time to be In
Austin. If the remains of the dead rob
ber at New Orleans are positively Iden
tified as those, of Channing B. Barnes
they will be brought here for Interment.
Barnes, held up and robbed an Illinois
Central train near Wlckllffe. Ky.. on July
n. isoo. •
- - •- _
THE SAX FRANCISCO -'CALL,': WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 19, 1900.
13
AN lEtrcxtuctien to you from H. EcheUh&u. U»«
fcnin!T» <Se»i«r. 11th and Fnnklls. O&klAsd.
CUKL.WI) FniMTCRE FOR SALE.
BOTHE— DONZELMANX— Ia this city. Decem-
ber 13. I?W. by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder. Luer
Bothe and Catharine Donielm&nn.
£ING — LE^: — In this city. December 17. 1900.
by Rev. 'Wtlllam C. Pond. Goon Sing and
Lucy Lee, both of this city.
OAKLASD HEAL ESTATE.
OC->-rorR-ROOM crjttage with bath and baie-
E-.ect; must be eolJ; Eend fcr photos and
make c2er. Address box 2064, Call office.
'¦•sJclacl.
CLASS IFTET> «.<lvert:sen:<rr.t« and vubscriptlocia
r-K-^!v«Ha at Car, branch cface. SOC Fillmor* «t.
E.OTAL House. ITS Ellis it.— Incandescent light;
reading-room. «naokiag--room and ladies' par-
lcr: rocms. per eight. S3c to 31 60; week. « to
IS; couth. IS to J3fi: elevator on rrcurd flocr;
rocn^s with hct and cold water; baths.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
..-; — OF —
THE MERCHANTS'
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEWARK, IN THE STATE OF - NEW
Jersey, oa the Jlst day of December. A. D.
1900, and for the year ending on that day. as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of.eectlons tUO and $11 of the Political Code.
condensed as per blank famished by the Com-
CA t 1 1 AIj,
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up la
Cash I 400,000 00
ASSETS. *~
Real Estate owned by Company t 171,449 is
Loans on Bonds aad Mortgages 374.150 W
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 798, S00 00
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds, Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral 10.000 00
Cash In Company's Office. 2L62S 18
Cash In Banks' 42,770 52
Interest due aad accrued oa all
Stocks and Loans 2,548 IS
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 5,420 12
Premiums in due course of collection 1(8,443 96
Rents due and accrued 129 S3
Due from other Companies for Re-la- .
- surance on losses already paid 837 76
Total Assets U.598,415 57
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted- and unpaid $ 4L094 48
Losses In process of Adjustment, or
la Suspense *~^> 68.43S 53
Lossee resisted. Including expenses.. (,574 SO
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning- one year or less. 1&7.7M C8;
re-Insurance 50 percent - 123,8*7 04
Gross premiums oa Fire Risks rua-
nlng more than one year, $715,538 !l;
re-Insurance pro rata ....... .... 338.743 62
' All other demands agalast Company 8L341 04
i Total Liabilities } 923.423 11
INCOME. =====
Net caeh actually received for Fire
premiums $ 927,300 M
Received for interest oa Bonds aad '
Mortgages 13.TSS 2$
Received for Interest and . dividends
oa Bonds. Stocks. Loans, aad from
all other sources 3«.S3O CO
Received for Rents 7.133 73
Received from all other sources 13.55 83
Total Income ." J1.0C4,S56 U
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (la-
eluding $105,863 78, losses of pre-
vious years) $ CS1.CJ 53
Dividends to Stockholders ............ 40,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage ..... 179,03127
Paid for Salaries, Fees aad other * •
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 171,241 17
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes .V.. ; 37.KJ $5
All other payments and expenditures 27.562 S3
Total Expeaditure* IL117,224 29
Losses Incurred during the year $ (78,323 $3
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net ' amount of Risks
j written during the
i year H21.41b,587 $1,261,353 24
Net * amount of Risks
: expired during tht •.
year ................... U5.W3.M, tw.579 OT
i Net amount in ¦ force
December 31. 1900..... -lC.C53.g97 1.453.270 23
.:" . G. LEE STOUT. Pre*
W. H. GUERRIN, Sec
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 20th
day of January, 1900.
. . R. S. STEADMAN.
-- -..-: -- - - Notary Public
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT,
420 CALI FORM A STR BET
* SAX FRANCISCO.
1 6. W. HcNEAR, Gtneral Agent
ALVfATS bargains ia typewriters: acy mak-.
Write tor prices to L. <fc M. ALEXANDER.
119 Mostcomery st.
GREAT BARGAINS IX TS KfWEITEBS-We
sell better machine* tor les» nron«y than acjr
house in the dtr: rentals, H Th« Tjrpe^riteT
Exc^nre. £36 Cailfornla; telephone Main KS.
TYPEWRITERS AJTD SUPPLIES.
mo/\A/oY; «fc co..
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS.
123 Market St.. between 8th and Sth.
Telephone South *47. ¦
16 H The Greatest j 5100
PAGES. ILLUSTRATED PAPER A YEAR.
-' OF THE WE8T-THE I
WEEKLY CALL.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS, .
27 and 29 Fifth st. • TeL South 167.
JUN EBAL DIRECTORS AND 1XBALKER?.
Finest Equipment at Moderate' Rates.
WILSON EROS., etorage and moving: corered
vans. Tenth aad llarket: chone Soota 7tX
BEKI.NS Van aod Storage Co.. 713 Mission ¦*-;
t«L Main 1S40: shipping at cct rates.
STOBAGD AXD WAREHOUSES.
(Successor to Flanaagaa eV Gallagher)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FTTNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMEE3.
30 FlftB St., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone Souto 80.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
A tVEEK'5 cews fer 5 ceau— The Weekly Call.
It pa.r*9. In wrapper, for malliar. H P«T year.
BOUGHT, scld. rested, repaired: aeedles and
shuttles: reduced rates. 1C Cth: phone Mint 5.
ALL kinds bossbt, sold, rented, exchaaged. re-
r sired; open even. ; phone Black U2i. SB 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged: re-
pairln*- lowest rate*; open eren. 206 Focrth.
SEWIXC MACHINES A.VD SUPPLIES
AT •--'-• eld Etevecson mansion, opp. Grace
Church, with annex SO? California st.. may
be found a most exceptionally food table, at-
tractive and sightly rooms at modest rates.
HOO9IS AXD BOARD.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
rubccrtptlons has been established at 109C
Valencia st
CLASSIFIED ad^ertlsemects aad rjbscrtptions
received at Call branch offlee. 200 Flllmore st.
6UTTER. 2204 — Changed hands; newly reno-
vated; «in«1e rooras, SS; suites. $12 to S2S mo.
SIXTEENTH. Sll — Large furnished front
room; closet.
(HOmTLU 211— Furnished rooes to rent with
EHERMAN Apartment House, a Eighth St.,
rear Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
EO£EDAI£ Hoose. tit and « Ellis rt.— Booms,
r-lirct 2Sc to tl. week Jl 25 to *4: cpen nlrnt.
O'FARRELL. TO-Sunny frost bay-wlndow
roocs: gas. bath, phone; JU: double room, P.
O'FARRELL. 20— Eunny furnished rooms and
efflees: elevator: electric lUrhts: day. wk.. mo.
HEX? ARLINGTON. 1015 Market st.-Nlcely
furnished rooms. t2 a week \ip: 25c a day up.
MINNA. €£7. ccrr.fr Eighth— Newly furnished
bay window room. $1 per *«k: transient.
MINNA. 2Z7. b*t. 3d a.ad 4th (New Tork House)
—Outside rooms II 25 p<?r week aed up.
LEWIS place. IS— Furnished anl unfurnished
room* to let; eingle or en suite.
LAS PALMAS. 1S3S Market st-— Suite cf 2 cr 3
n=s. : private; bath; sin. rms.: beard optional.
LARKIN. CT7 — Sunny unfurnished front room.
HOWARD, 650 — A tie* suasy single room, suit?
able for one or two.
GROVE. ttdg< — Nicely faralehed suite of rooms;
also Eincie roonia.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
an4 Mission ets. — Sunny rooms, ea suite or
(•«-.-. ladies* parlor, reading-room; elevator.
GEART, fl*\— Large furnished sunny room.
ClAhV.i . (The Navarre) — Elegantly furnished
nits ; suites or single ; travelers accommodated.
IjEVISaDERO. H3. cor. McAllister— Choice
furniEh*d roosis.
CLIFFORD, 504 Ellis, ccr. Mason— Elepactly
furnished rjsiy rocms; prices reasonable."
BUSH, tZs i The Elk>— Nicely furnished sasay
rrr.s ; day. 2Sc up ; wk. tl £0 up. Mrs. P. Raaf t.
BURNETT. 14*3 Market <old No. 13*4>— Fvr-
niehed mi*., tuitea. elcgie: also unfurnished.
A— ERirNSTTICK Hcum, 14S Sixth— Rooms 25c
to tl per ci*rtt: Jl 23 to S3 per week, aad light
housekeeping ; cpea all sight.
ANY persea desiring board, board and room,
furnished asd ur^urcished rooms, furnished
ar.d unfurnished apartments, furnished and
unfurnished f-a.is: housekeeping ro.ms. houses
fumUied acd unfurnished, please call and
examine our list: we have largest aod most
eausTartory seiertlon ia the city; we make
no cl^nce fcr servtc*«; teL Red 2334. Elier
Rental Iafcnrauoa Bureau. €33 Market st.
ROOMS TO LET i'ura. and I'nfarn.
STATEMENT
/
—OP THD—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
— or the —
Fireman's Fund
INSURANCE COMPANY.
OF SAN FRANCISCO. IN THE STATE OP
California, on the Jlst day of December,
A. D. 1399, aad tor the year ending* on that
day, as made to the Insurance Commissioner
of the Etate of California, pursuant . to the
provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the Politi-
cal Code, condensed as per blank furnished by
the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amoaat of Capital Stock, paid up la
Ca»h ...I1.COO.000 CO
ASSETS. ~~
Real Estate owned by Company $431. TOO CO
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages ... 422,791 73
Cash Market Value of all Stocks aad
Bonds owned by Company 3.118,040 CO
Amount of Loans secured by pledge .
of Bonds, Stocks aad other market-
able securities at collateral 153. 000 CO
Cash In Company's Office 1S.513 U
Cash In Banks .-. 1S3.S30 IS
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 1.170 13
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 15,085 44
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion 3S4.624 07
Warrants 1.4S4-20
Due from other Companies for Re-
Insurance on losses already paid... 7,197 (3
Total Assets.... ..J3.737.513 S9
LIABILITIES. ~
Losses adjusted and unpaid J30.C23 45
Losses la process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 137.8S4 7J
Losses resisted. Including- expenses... 3.773 GO
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, S3Q.154 44; re-
Insurance 30 per ceat 434.577 22
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning- more than one year. S1.23S.-
C2t 81; reinsurance pro rata 71S.0S1 30
Gross premiums on Marine Time
Risks, t ; reinsurance 50 per
cent •¦• • 113.164(7
Total Liabilities.. ..S1.4SS.508 35
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums -- J1.415.J23 00
Net cash actually received for Ma-
rine premiums t9J.6O7 C4
Received for Interest on Bonds aad
Mortgages H.J41 JO
Received for interest and dividends
oa Bonds. Stocks, Loans, aad from
all other sources : 118.15* W
Received for Rents............ :j,657 SJ
Received (or profit oa sale of securl- .
ties • 1.263 00
' Total Income . .J1.97S.J43 Zt
EXPENDITURES. ™
Net amount paid for* Fire Losses (In-
cluding S.. ....... losses of previous
years) JS34.X73 S3
Net amount - paid for Marine Losses
(Including * losses of pre-.
vlous years • J37.633 44
Dividends to Stockholders 120.000 00
Paid or allowed fcr Commission or
Brokerage ". .~. Z33.4M S3
Paia for Salaries. Fees, and other
chances for officers, clerks, etc.... St.497 40
Paid for Etate. National and Local
-Taxes J7.778 40
All other payments aad expendl- -
ture»— .— :. — 206.1S3 33
Total Expenditures ..S2.0tt.S53 37
" Fire.
Losses incurred during- the year JS57,r7« 35
— ¦ ¦ ¦ " Marine
Losses incurred during the year ..J373.Cg» 10
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during; the . . ' '.
year SU9.S74.e34 tl.9S2.409 70
Net amount ot « Risks
expired during the
year C58.IS8.185 Jl.Sa.473 U
Net amount In- force - - ->. . • ¦ -
December 31. 1S99..... J137.271.067 J2.35S.181 25
. Risks and Premiums. Mar. Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks .
¦ written during «" the .
year J107.tSl,lS3 JS35.7M 31 '
Net amount of Risks -
expired during the : . < =
year J108.05U34 JS22.590 60
Net - amount * In • force • ¦>
December 31. 1839..... tS.88g.gQ8 HS1.51» 33
WU. J. DUTTON. PresC • -
BERNARD FAYMONVILLE. Secy.
Subscribed and sworn to before roe. this 15th
day of January, WOO. : ;. •
¦¦¦•--.•- M. M.RHORER...
Deputy Insurance Commissioner.
WANTED— 4 roccis, coairlete. ladadls* S
double h*4s; rent not to exceed JS. Bex 232,
Call c?Se«.
OAK. 1^ — Ni?«iy funusaed rooia. cossplete for
SIARKET. BT. Mason— Larg-e sunny front na.,
kitchen. to'.V.rj; ted. pas, V2. Call 242 Kearay.
HYDE. 1414—: unrnmished roc=^ for llgfct
hcasekef'plr.r: parlor floor; sun all day: also
I furnished single rocra*.
FCLSOM. I23J. Johasoa House — Saray bay wia-
dew housekeepiEtT rocrss; 110; aiso sissle
rc-caa.
EOWAED. tZI — Neatly run^y rtjcme, rul table
fcr fcc-Eekeepis*- or othertrlse; location.
MOTHRBS PAtlint' COM KA JIT.
(PACIFIC STSTBM.)
Train* Iwtt aad are d»» «• arrive al
man ritAXcmvo.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street.)
MATS — FEOU DCCCMBES 1. 1300L — AKSITB
•7:»0* Eecid*. Solatia, Ebnin. VacatiUe,
Koiiwt ud SMnmtnia T:43r
*7:O»a Shasta Exoresi-DatU. W0Uams(for
. Bartlett 8priEpX Willows. E«d
Bluff. PorUaoi. Y i *7tMf
•7«*»* M»i-Ju«t.aaiiK»mon.V»)I-jo. N»v». •"
Oslistogm aad Atnu Ron *•<!>»
•S:O« a D»tU. Woodland. Knighta Lamilng.
MarysriUe. OrotUle. *7i4S»
•*:00» A tUotio Expres»-O;den aad Eut *t:4.1»
*8:OOA NU«a. LlTermors. Tr*cy. Latixop,
Stockton *7j13»
•«:3O« S»u Jos«, IiTermore. Stockton.
Ioue. aacraiaento, Flseerrille,
M»nt«»D>. Chlco. Red Blnl MjISp
••i3O» Oakdsie. Chinese. Sonora. Cwten... •4:l3f
•S:OOt H»i"« J«. Nu>« and Waj tiutioos. *1 1 :4.i4
•»:•»* Los Angeles Express — Msxtinez.
Tney, Lathrop, Stockton. Mareed
Fresno and Lc4 Angeles *?:13r
•«:»•*. Valle]o. Martinez sad VVs* 8Utions *3>43p
•!«:«•» The Orerlsnd Limited— Og dan. Den-
T «r, Omshs. Chieaxa "•i4a»
•llioa*. Kllea. Stockton, htousssta, Men-
dota. Fresno. Htnford. Violia.
PorteniU*.... • MUlf
•11:00a LtTera ore. Basjrsr. Gaehsn J suc-
tion. B»kerrfl«ld. Los Angeles
tl:OOp Saersmeuta l:i»ec Steanets t5iO<»*
*3<«Or Hsywards, Nlles and Way SUtlona. *St«3s>
•4iO»r llaxtlaex. Baa Usmon. Vmllefc
Nspa. CaU.lota. Suit Rosa ¦ffilS*
•4.o»f B-nieia, WinMrs. SaenuMnto,
Woodland, KuighU L»a4in*.
MaryivOle, Oroiiila •« «i45.
MiSOrBsyvmxds. MIeraud San Joae tSi4Sa
•5:0Or Mies. liTermore aod Stockton • I 0:43a
gSiQOr Basset Limited. El Paao. New
Orleans and East. «10:13a
•3:««rThe Owl Limited— Tracy. Fiesno.
Bikenlle: J. Sangns for SmU Bar-
bars, Los Atxelea. M*>;!3*
•S.-OOp New Orleaot Express— Bakenfleld.
SajtU Barbara. Los Angeles. Dent-
ing. El Faao, New Orleans aad
•East •7i4»a
••»••* Harvard*. Nlles aad Saa Jese *?<4*«
? «i00p V*fleJo •11:434
••.Mr Oriental MaO-Ogden. Cheyeane.
Omaha. Chicago *9<43p
•«:O0r Oriental Mall-Ogien, Dea»er,
Omaha. Chicago. *4:13r
•7iOOp Oregon and Callforota Hxrre», "as-
rameuto. Marjitille. Itaddtug.
Portland. Fnget Mouud and Kul *ar<3A
•8i«3p8aa P*blo. Port Costa. HarUaes
and Way SUUobs *11 :45a
t«^5p Talltjo »11>I3a
* COAST DIVISION Oarrow Caage). .
(Foot of Market Street.)
••il3ANe*ark,Centerrille.SaaJose,F<>lton.
Boulder Creek. B aa ta Onu and Way
Station! *•**•*
t»* I Br Newark CentorTlUe. San Jose, New
Almaden, Fslton, nonider Creek.
Santa Cnn and Principal Way
Stations tl»i.n«»
•4il3r Newark. Ban Joee. Lc» Gatoa *8!-1w&
a!> :::<);> Honten* Exettrsion. San Jose and
WayStattoos....?. ;.... r?««wy
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrMSll rillClSO)— rnl ir tuUl ttn«t(Uil)—
!7;15 S0O 11:00*. M. 1:C3 3:03 1-ZirM.
rr««3i(ltI3— fill .r liiiiiiv- ?rf.00 UOO I3.-C4
19:00 i.M. 12.C3 233 t:QJ *5:i3r.M.
COAST DITISIOX (Brosd Naige).
(Third and TownsemJ Sts.)
"tjStlOA Oceaa View. Sooth Han Fraseiaeo." t«.3«r
•7:00* San Joie and Way SUtlona (New
' Alataden Weliiesdaisonljr) *liStr
••¦••* 8an Joee. Tres fliiu*. M»ula Cms.
Facilio Hrofe. Paio Kobles. Saa
Lull Obispo, Sutf. Loinpoc au-1
Principal Way 8tatlon« Mil»r
•I«i4«a S»n Jose and Way Statlona *«:S3 a
•UiSOa Ban Joisaud Way Station* *3<3«f
tai43rSau Mateo, Redwood. Meolo Park.
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, San Jos*.
Ires Pino*. Sauta Cm. «"»"— .
Moutfief ami FadSc Grove...... fl«i*«*
}I:S a r Baa Jote and Way Stations ........ *?:3«p
4:13p 3anJosnan.l Principal Way Sutlooe *9i43a
|3:0tr a»n Jose. Los Gatos and Prladpml
Way Station! {*>••>*
•3iS»p Saa Joaa and Principal Way Station. *S|&3*
•O::tup 9*n Joae ami WaydUttous t«:OO»
«ll;43p8aa Jese and Way Stations »T;30p
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
'Daily. ? Munday exempted. J Sunday only.
9 Mondays. Wednesdays. Fridays.
e Tuesdays, Thursdays. Sundays.
a Saturday onl;
Santa Fe
Train s- Da »y
- Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
Lve. San Francisco. 9:f«> a m' 4:10 p m S:CO p in
Arr. Stockton 12:30 p mi7:15 p m 11:05 p m
" Merced ..-. J:42pm — : 1:13 am
" Fresno — 4:!J p ra 3:C5 a ra
" Vlsalla (:0Opm 4:S0arn
" Tulare ......... i:"pn S:13 a ra
" Haaford ....... 5:33 p m T:t«ia,=i
" BakersSeld ... 3:50 pm 7:23 a ta
" Dearer 10:00 am ¦
" Kansas City... S:15pm
, **. Chlcaso 7:40am
9 a. m. train Is the Overland Express. Corrw-
Epocdlsg train arrives at 1 p. ra. dally. ¦ ¦
- 4:10 p. ra. Is Stockton Local. Correspoadias
train arrives at 11:03 a. m. dally.
8:C0 p. m. Is Fresno aad Bakersaeld Express,
vrita Sleeping Cars for both cities. Correspaad-
lnK train arrives at 9 a. ra. daily.
OFFICES-«41 Market st. aad la Ferry Depot,
Saa Franclaco: 1113 Broadway. Oakland.
y-"~^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary.
JL^J« 6120 EEAR5T ST. Establlsiied
flWf^^tn I*3-« for the treauaeat cf friT*:©
TO t\, .mam Dlvase^, Lost Mannood. Deblnty or
ISCT^ JS%'ii-;eai»<» wearing on body ami mln<i anrt
OUS|U^SSk:in Diseases. The Doctor cares when
fall. Try him. Charges low.
> jn < 'vrT- riTfl— t"'t— * Callorwrlie.
; Dr/J. F. ttlBBOX, Man Francisco. Cat .
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RT. CO.
SAN FRAHCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
TIBCROJf FERRY— FOOT OF MARKET iT.
6aa Franclaco to San Rafael. •
WEEK DATS— 7:30. »:00. 11:00 a. a.: U.3S, *:».
5:10. (JO p. cl Thursdays— Extra trip at U:i>
p. cl Saturdays— Extra tr.ss at 1:5» as4
ll:3> p. m.
EUNDAT3— 1:00. 9;». U:0O a. m.: 1:1% 1;». i.C/0.
• :23 p. m.
Saa Rafael to S*n Francisco.
WEEK DAYS-6U0. 1:10. 9 JO. 11:19 a. ex; Vt.ii.
l.O. 5:19 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip* at fc£I
and I:S p. in.
EVNDAYS— S:10. 3:40. U:13 a. no.; l:*0. S:40. 8:05.
V.ij 0- ra.
Between Saa Francisco and Schxietzen Park.
hem scnedule aa above.
Leave ' 1 la Effect j Arrive
txn Francisco, f Nov. T. V*jQ. I Saa Francisco.
Week I Sua- I I Saa- | Week"
Days, i days. [ Destination. I days. | Days.
T:30 asit 8:00 am) Novato. 110:40 am| S:»«n
1:30 prai 3:20 am Petaluma. j S "5 prc 1) IC a-r.
i:19pa[ SA9pm| Santa Rosa-| T.li psa: 1.13 pra
Fulton.
Tz90 turn w^ indoor 2d.XS i— i
Bealdstorg.
Lytton.
Oeysernile.
I:J0pm 1:40 ass dorerdale. f T:3B pm 1:8 pm
TJOaral I Kcplaad I T"
I »rf» am[ and Ukiaa. f T:C pmf «:3 pm
1:30 aa! t * lO.Zi a=i
1 1:00 am Guernertne. T:3S pm
1:30 pm] I <:C pm
TJOaa SXOam Eoocxna »:1> am i:Wja
' aad
1:19 pro 8:00pm] Glen Ellen. l:0S pm| I:S3 pm
T:30 am! 1:00 ami ' 113-.4J ain,ll):» ara
1:10 pmt 5:30 pmi SebastopoL I T:33 prs| (:S pra
Stages connect at Santa Rcsa for Mark West
Springs and Wnite Sulphur Springs: at Fult^a
for Altraria: at Lyttoa for Lytton Springs: as
Geysenrlile tor Skarrs Springs: at Cloverdil*
for the Oeysers: at Hoplaad for Duacaa
Springs. Highland Springs. Kelseyrtlle, Carta-
bad Eprlags. Ssda Bay. Lakepcrt and Bartie:t
E prtngs; «¦- Ukiaa for \1ehy Springs. Saratoga
Seringa. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Wl?:«r
Bprlars. Upp*r Lake. Pcmo. Potter Valley.
Jitn Day's. RlTerttda. Lterley's. Buckaell's.
Eanhedrtn Heights. HuUvlIle. Orr's Hot BprtBgi.
Mer.i^clno Ctty. Fort Bragg. W««tport. Usal.
WUl«ts. Laytanvlle. Ozmmlngs. Bell's Spriags.
Harris. Olsens, Dyer. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Mo&day rcoad-trl? tlcitt* at rs-
duced rates.
On Sundays. rocnd-tr!p tickets to all points
teyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 6S9 Market st., Chpoo*rt» boOd-
i la*. K. X. RTAN.
H. C WHITTNO. Ceti. Paas. A*t.
On. Maoarw.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto F«rnr.
Commencing September 30. 1300.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AN'D SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— «:55, •ill*. 11:00 a. o.. «1:*S
J:15. «:C0. 5:15. H:H. «:i0 p. m.
! EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley aad Saa
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays and Sat-
urdays at i:(v and ll:ij p. m.
SUXDAT3— "SiOO. *U:0O. •U& a. m.. n:13,
3:13. U:G. •:»). S:CO p. ia.
Tralaa marked (*) run to San Queatla.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO 8AS FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 6:20, ««:3O. 7:43. »:3» a. m,.
•12:30. 1:43. "S:*). 4:30. 5:29 p. ia.
EXTRA TRIPS oa Mondays. Wedaeadars
and Saturdays at f:45 aad 10:20 p. m.
- SUNDAYS— «:». •«:<». »10n». »U:45 a. ra..
•1:40. *2:15. 4:45. •«:» p. m. i
; Tralaa marked <*) start from Saa Quentia.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCI3CCX
WEEK DAYS-S:15, «:43. 7^5. 9:30 a. m..
12:S5. Z:ll>. 3:30. 4:S4. 5:29 p. ra.
EIXTRA TRIPS on. Mondays. TCednesdays
aad Saturdays at 7:10 and U>:3> p. m.
SL"NDAYS-«:C5. W:« a. ia.. U:06, t:15» 3:39.
S:C*, 6:43 p. m.
THROXTGH TRAIX3.
«:53 a. m. week days— Caradero aad way
stations.
1:45 p. xa. Satardays— Tixaales aad way
stations.
8:00 a. ra. Eusiiys — Tezsaies* aad w»/
statloaa.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leaves Saa Francisco. Tta Sassallto Ferrr:
¦^-EEX DATS 9:15 a. ra. ; 1:4S and 4:O» o m.
SUNDAYS 8:», 10:09. 11:30 aad 1:15 p." a.
Fare, Eaa Fraaclsco to Saasilt and Return,
tl 40.
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN"
Ticket of Sees, d Market at.. c-««~^t~ Ferry"
Dr.PIERCES 1,
GOLDEN
MEDICAL
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
BLOOD.UVER.LUNGS. .
EMKRu*
i^^Sa^g^^^i^SS**' R *^
I / i V f A •¦•s^ B Tf wt yvmt DrunM, mg * - ,_
"^-^r sin bS.** 0 " %•??• '^wf «¦«¦!¦¦ 8.4\,
FIFTH, 2*3 — Furnished for housekeeping, 2 dou-
X'.e parlors, kitchen, bath, f> : also Eingle. SS.
ELLIS, £38, corner Larkin — Bay window; al-
ccve kitchen; »as stcve; ty we«k cr motth.
ROOMS FOR OOUSEKEEPrXG.
ELLIS. Cl— Newly furnished suite" cf~T"Euaay
r .-..-. housekeeping. SU 50.
ET Funeral will leave residence. 1546 Dwight
way. Berkeley, to-morrow tThursday). at 9
o'clock, vta 10 o'clock creek bnet, and on 11:30
o'clock train from Third and Townsend street.
Ban Francisco, to Cypress Lawn Cemetery,
where cremation will take place.
BENJAMIN— In th!» city, December 17. 1300.
Harry, belored husband of Isabel Benjamin,
and father of George, Charles. Simon. Dave,
Joe. Ike and Sam BenJaBiln. Mrs. Ed
Harris. Mrs. S. Eennett and Mrs. F. Pi<juln-
I r.a. a native of England, aged K yearti.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of Theodor Dierks, Sj7 Mission street, be-
tween Fifth and Sixth, thence by 3:30 o'clock
train to Home cf Peace Cemetery for inter-
ment. ,
BEKTELSEX-In this city. December 15, 1300,
Ivan Bertelj-en. beloved husband of Sarah
Bertelsen. and father of Nets and Alma Ber-
tels«i, a. native of Hadersleben. Schleswig,
aged 45 years 3 months and II days.
CARDOZA— In this city, December IS. 1900.
Manuel Cardoza. a native cf Azores Islands,
aged 26 years.
jC?" Remains at the funeral carters of
Charles H. Ja«3b & Co.. 31S Mason street, be-
tween O'Farrell and Geary. Funeral and ln-
termer.t Antioch. Cal.
CARMAN— In this city. December IS. 1300, Eliza
C Carman, beloved wife of William O. Car-
man and mother of William J. Carman and
Mrs A. Elliott, a native of Defiance. Ohio,
aged S5 years 4 months and 6 days. (Defiance.
Ohio, papers please copy.)
CTRemains at the funeral parlors of
Charles H. Jacob & Co.. 31S Mason etreet. be-
tween O'Farrell and Geary. Funeral and In-
terment private. Please emit flowers.
CHAMFLAIN— In this city. December 17, 1300,
Mary 6 Champlain, beloved mother of Mrs.
E. C. Stllwell and Mr». C. W. Gelger. and
sister of Mrs. D. W. Balch and the late Mrs.
Caroline Goltry and Mrs. C. T. Hoyt. (Syra-
cuse tS. Y.. papers please copy)
E7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
<Wedaeeday). at 1 o'clock, from the residence
- cf her daughter. Mrs. E. C. Stilwell 1029
Guerrero street. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery, by electric car.
CONNOLLY— In this city. December 17. 1900.
Joseph Patrick, dearly beloved son of Thomas
and Katie Connolly, brother of Tbomu Ar-
thur Connolly, and nephew of Mary Gil-
; shanon. a native of San -Francisco, apd 2
years and 8 months. (New York Herald
P C7"The funeral will take place this day
<V ednesday >. at 10 o'clock, from the parents'
residence, 44IH Tefcama street. Interment
Hcly Cross Cemetery.
CRONIX— In this city. December 17. 1900, John
Cronin. a native of County Ctork. • Ireland,
ased «9 year*.
CUNNINGHAM— A re<T3iera high mass will be
celebrated for the repose cf the soul of Law-
rence Cunnlrgham this day (Wednesday),
commencing at 9:39 o'clock, at St. Domlntc s
Church. Bu»h and Steiner streets. San Fran-
cisco.
DIAZ— In this city, December IS. 1300. Bernar-
dina Diaz, a native of Mexico, aged 23 years.
C7Notlce of funeral hereafter. Remains at
J. 6. Godeau. SOS Montgomery avenue.
DOHERTY— In Stockton. CaL. December IS.
1500. Michael Doherty, a native of Ireland,
axed 60 xears.
FAY— In f«U city. December IS. 1900. Alice
Howard Far. enly daughter of George How-
ard Fay and Mattie Walker Fay. a. native of
Anaconda. Mont., aged 10 years S months aad
1 day.
FORNER-In this city. December 17. 1900
Jacob B.. beloved husband of Eliza Fomer.
and father of Fred A.. Victor aad Louis For-
ner and Mrs. Joseph Dixon, a native cf Ger-
many. » red 75 years.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the? funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 5 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 13€3 Stevenson street, between Twelfth
aad •n»lrte*nth streets. Please omit flowers.
Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
GILLEX— In this city. December 16. 1SG0, Mary
Glllen. a native of Ireland, axed (5 years.
C7 Remains at the parlors of J. C. O'Con-
aor * Co.. 7*7. Mission street. Notice of fu-
neral hereafter.
ANTOIXB— In this city. December 17. 1300.
Marie "Pad JnJes ' Antoine. Vice Consul of
France, a native cf Delle, France, aged 23
years 6 months and 21 days.
C7Remains at undertaking parlors of J. 8.
Godeau. 205 Montgomery avenue.
ARMSTRONG— In this city. December IT. 1900.
Mathilda, belGved wife of Rudolph Armstrong,
and beloved mother of Mrs. A. Braeee. Mrs.
C. F. Rodin and Hilda. Ernest. Oscar and
George Armstrong, a native of Sweden, aged
f v vcre 10 months and 4 days.
C^Frtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the family res-
dence. 149 Russ street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery by carriage.
BAIRD— In Etocktoa. December IT. 1900. Julia
H.. beloved wife of the late B. P. Baird. and
mother of Drs. E. E. and T. G. Baird and
Benjamin A., Herbert H.. Clara E-. Edith C.
and Daisy Baird and Mrs. 3. E. Ward, and
sister of A. A. Guernsey.
BA^'NETT— In this city. December 18, 1300,
Louis, beloved son of th« late Harris and
Hannah Barmen, and brother of Mrs. R. Sll-
ventteln and Mrs. M. Levl, a native of New
Tork. aged 47 years.
BELL— In Berkeley. December 17. 1900. Julia
BelL beloved wife of James Bell, daughter of
Martin Detje. and sitter of Mrs. William
Meyer of Alameda. Mrs. E. E. Meyer of
Wrights and Martin Detje. a native of Ham-
burg, Germany, aged S3 years 4 months and
3 days.
Gove, Mary Walsh. Annie
Hagerty. Maggie Ward. Harold W.
Hall. Marie w A. "Waters. Roger
Haraberg. Ebba V. White, John C.
Harrfjan. Joha
* DIED.
Actolne, Marie P. Hayward, George
Armstrong, Mathilda Heroid. Philir R.
Baird. Julia H. Howland. Amanda J.
Bannett. Louis Kelly. James
BeU. Julia Kopmann. Sophie C.
Benjamla. Harry Lawton. Irvtng
B*rtel»en. Ivan Underman. Willard A
Cardoza, Manael Logue. Edward P.
Carman. EUza C. Lutz. Louisa J.
Champlain, Mary S. Maginnis. Lydla
Connolly. Jo&ei>a P. Manley. George
Cronin. John. Marsh. Harriet
Cunningham, Law- O'Connor. Julia
rence O'Keefe. David ¦
rxaz. Bernardina O'Neill. Margaret
Doherty. Michael Ramsell. William A.
Fay. AXle« H. R*cer. Alb-rt P.
Forner Jacob B. Schwarz. Richard C.
Glllen, Mary Treraakls. Alfred P.
CIRCULARS free cf hundreds of fanrs In all
ptrtM cf the State; etock farms, fruit farm*
cfciekea ra=ebe«. Call at efflce or write.'
MARION GRIFFTN. Tl» Market, nr. Callblg.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
The Santa Fe new and sumptuous
train, through to Chicago
in 75 hours, begins January ist.
The California Limited
ACCURATE fciowleire. each of the WOO ranch-
es en rsy sale and «xcha=g« list— mere tr^n
a^ 1 ether _a*»r.ts la city: state what's wanted.
N r> PinvFLg^jhf Land ArT:t. 6 Oearr «t-
fTOOO— rco ACRES r*.ruat«d In San Beclto Co
U dies froa HcUister; 23 acres bearing cr-
ctrrd; Ul acres nearly level; balance rich
rolliix hills; coearaca fans baildlRes; land is
•Ctable for fruit, bar and stock raising- will
•«I1 *"ery cheap cr exchange fcr residence or
wtt.sZI acretre around the bay. W. Q GRIF-
riTH, rsa 8a-£^-SH Heam Bllg.
XXEAX ESTATE COCXTRY For Mile
Tl^wi 11^ " l *°' a " lllck «J. »• city, and Hermlne
itanke. 27, city.
Warren J. f yscn. ft, 112 Taylor street, and
Eophie SoUberter. ?). 1421 Larkla street
e-^lr 1^ c^i. Ward ' iU clty ' * nd E.
BJrchT 8^ '^¦Jt^ II;Sth ' M ' CUr ' 1Cd Franc *" °-
Ar^CVfliTdy^" 4 EiSt tlntU ¦»* Anaie
~> r n A McCol i9<:h- »*. Bum. Cal.. and Min-
nie L. Hamey. 3«. Montgomery Creek. Cal.
Charles H. Beck. 45. Uvermore. and Hattle
O. Phillipps. 24. Livermore.
Gjeorgw W. Waitman. 23. 106 Seventh etreet,
and Evalyn Lome, lg. 2Z2ij Linden avenue.
MAJRBIAGE LICENSES.
-J^ 1 * 'following marriage licenses were Issued
J^ £T "^ beat la America— The Weekly
C*a1. It paces, sect to acy addren In the
i. cited Etatea cr Canada one year fcr n.
pcrtaf* r»!d.
DI\ IDEXD NOTICE— Dividend No. g« (R cent,
per «hare) of the Hutchinson Sugar PI "°a-
uon Company will be payable at the office
' $* «*•, «™P*f-r. «T Market St.. on and after
Thursday. December 20. 1900. Transfer bocks
will close oa Friday. December 14. 1S00 at 3
o clock p. a. E H. SHELDON, secretary
ini D^^ in Uquidaticn of » per cent oa
£ia &f?ln« T"" d « 1 * r «<» *>y The Califor-
££,r pv?,?? w Soc l«r. Payable on and
after Friday, December 14. 1900. at the offtc^
•JVIDEND XcUce-The German Sivlrc. »nd
Lean s-jctety. K6 California «tm Fm the
S^T/"^ *' Uh December 31. 1500. a
dividend has been declared at the rSte **
J^T 3 ,? n 5" qu * rter (3 *> P"- <*« per an-
num oa all depoc ts. free of taxes navahi-.
on and after ¦J.'edne.<UyTj2nu."^. 51
GEORGE TOURXY. Secretar>'-
S « N S^SP 1 *^ vK Vin JF 8 rnion - California
3S£$2KSESS?S!i&£g
pes ts ar.d three (3) per cent on ordinary de-
LO\-ELL WHITE. Cashier.
DIMDEND NOTICE-Dlvldend No. llT(fi£y"
cents per share) of the Oceanic Steamship
ttTSSTnJT 111 £ F r t blt ¦* «*• office o?
wti^S^^V 82T M * rk « «t-, on and after
rl£L a^-J" DU ? xy 2 - 1S01 - Transfer booki
c o«e on Y\ ednesday. D*c* mb er 25. 190" at J
o dock p. m. E. H. SHELDON S-*y
DIVIDEND XOTICES.
¦ £1.000.
trsjeoft— RE2DCCTTD FEOM 1S2 608
la.iuO— REDUCED FROM Sen 0*
t:e Hstel; rents about J^XO; terms, half caan.
JT3.W0.
J3C.0CD.
r^rir-toar feet front: \-ic!aity »f TItcU- old
wT£^£re7rf a g°U^ «*»*k£!
J19O.CO0.
Grapd comer; new :=:proreae=t8; under 5
years' le&s« <rsarazt*e,) : pay! jvj p«r cent.
M ttoo.ooc.
* a * rk e t «.. cear Call; one tenact- nays wefL
»1^.000-RET>UCEr> FROM CT^OOo! n "
Jtarket St.; 100-foot front; near Palace Hotel;
r*r* i P*r cent.
A- M. SPECK & CO.. 6CT Market st.
R^Ai ESTATE BARGAINS. ~ "*
f^"* "«&«»«! «« HI. «.
Four fi*t»; rests, US; downtown.
Thrw iftelee. Cats, near Post «=<! — .i-i-... ...
i^Jfi^*"* ***•" **** CJ Vm Nes " **•-:
~' IU.758— REDtTCEO FROM til sen
W30-.REDUCED FROM t£» '
r ¦¦ 7 .?±F£ Li?* 1^*^*^ taw.; brand.
ST. DOMINIC" S CHURCH BUILDING AS-
SOCIATION. — The monthly requiem high
mazs for the deceased members of St. Doml-
nlc's Church B-Jildin* Association and for
parents and relatives of living members will
be sung in St. Dominic's Church, to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock.
TREGASKIS— In this city. December 13. 1300,
Alfred P. Tregaskls. beloved son of Martin
and Sarah Tregaskis, and brother of Gladys
and Grace Tregaskls. a native of California,
ared'l month and 23 days.
WALSH— In this city, December' 15, . Annie
Walsh, a native of Ireland, aged 63 years.
C7Friend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
<\Vednesday). at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of.
J C. O'Connor & Co.. 7«7 Mission street.
thence to St. Brendan's Church for services.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
WARD— In this city. December IS. 1300, Harold
W.. beloved son of John C. and Kate E.
Ward, and grandson of Jeremiah Hurley, a.
native of San Francisco, aged 3 years and 1
month. . «
C7"I"he funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, S43>4 Natoma street. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
WATERS— In this city December 17. 1300,
Roger, beloved husband of Winifred Waters,
and loving father of Patrick T. and Mary E.
Waters, a native of County Sligo. Ireland,
aged 72 years and 27 days.
C7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited- to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 8:20 o'clock, from his late
residence. 43 Nee street, thence to Mission
Dolores Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at > o'clock. Interment Holy
Cress Cemetery-
WHITE— In Mono County. Cal., November 197
1900 John Campbell. beloved husband of
Helen M. White, and father of Mrs- D. H-
Dexter and Roy S. White, and son of Anna
A. and the late John C. White, and brother of
George G.. James A.. Charles A. and Amy
A. White and Mrs. S. J. Rassettei a native
of St. John. N. B-. aged 51 years 4 months
and 2t days.
C7Interment In Bridgeport, Mono County,
Cal. :•-.., :::k'-:: ¦. '
Cemeterr.
HAMBERG— In this city, December IS, 1900.
Et-ha Viola, beloved daughter of Hannah and
Olof F. Hamberg, and sister of Amy. Louisa.
Anton and Olof Hambergr. a native of San
iTanc^eeo. ased II months and 3 days.
HARRIGAX— In the Presidio Hospital. De-
cember IS, irx>\ John Harrigan, a native of
Sar. Diego, Cal.. aged 4? years 'and 4 months.
JtAYWARD— In this city. December IS. 1900
George Hay-ward, a native of New York, aged
6S years.
HEROLD-In this city, December 17, 1W.
Philip Roy. beloved son of George and EUxa-
tx=th Heroid. and brother of AsrRle, Annie,
Lizzie. Eda. Ellen, George and Alvina. Her-
oid. a native of San Francisco, aged 3
months.
HOWLAND— In Alameda. December 16. 1900.
Amanda J. Hnwland. beloved mother of Mrs.
L. W. MrGUiiflln. Mrs. Charles S. Mason
and Mr. Stillman L Howland. and sister of
Mr. P.J*. Ward and E. L. Ward, a native of
Welllng?r»n. New Brunswick, ased 74 years
2 months and 19 days. tSanta Crur and Maine,
papers please ccpy.)
E^Friend? and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day.
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of L W. McGlauflln. 2S0 San Antonio ave-
nue. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
KELLY— In the City and County Hospital. De-
cember IS, 1900. James Kelly, a native of
New York, aged 31 years.
KOPMAXX-In this ctryT December 17. 19«).
Sophie Caroline Kopmann. a native of Variel,
Germany, aged 2S years 11 months and M
days.
LAWTOX— In this city. December 17. 19C0, Irv-
ing Lawton. a native of Massachusetts aged
72 rears.
LIN DERM AX— In this city, December 19. 1S00.
Willanl Arthur, beloved son of Mr. and Mrs.
Samuel XV. Linderman. and brother of Walter
Linderman. a native of Ban Francisco, aged 9
years 11 months and 4 days.
LOGUE— In Ocean View. December IS, 19C0.
Edward Patrick, beloved son of Edward and
Catherine Logue. a native of San Francisco,
aged 3 years 11 months and 11 days.
LUTZ— In this city. December IS. 1900. at the
residence of her parents. 1S22 Greenwich
street, of diphtheria. Louisa J. Lutz. dearly
beloved daughter of Jacob and Eliza Lutz.
and beloved sister of Gustave. Christian.
Frankie and Caroline Lutz. a native of San
Francisco, aged 7 years 4 months and 1 day.
MAGINNIS— In this city. December 17. 1S«W,
Lydla, beloved wife of E. Magtnnls. and
mother of Charles and J. B. Maglnnla. Mrs.
I. Ingerman and Mrs. F. Pechart, a native
of Switzerland, aged 74 years.
ICTFriends' are respectfully Invited t« at-
tend the funeral services at chapel in I. O.
O. F. Cemetery, this dajj (Wednesday),, at 1
11 o'clock. Please omit Cowers.
MAXLEY-In Alameda. December 17. 1900. ,
George, beloved husband of Harriet T. Man-
ley, and father of George, May and Charles
Manley and Mrs. Frank Brundage. a native
of Zaneavtlle, Ohio, aged 65 years and 7
months. :
Z^" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesdsy). at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, corner High street and Enclnal ave- j
nue, thence to St. Joseph's Church, where a
solemn re<jutem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul, commencing- at 5:30
o'clock. Interment Holy Croes Cemetery, on
the arrival of 12 o'clock creek boat.
MARSH— In Pasadena. December 18. 1900. Har-
rtet Marsh, mother of George T-. Alfred. Vtc- !
tor and Ralth Marsh and Mrs. J. Cantor, a
native of Bath. England, sged 65 years.
O'CONNOR— In Oakland. December 1?. 1900, Ju-
lia, beloved wife of William O'Connor, and
mother of James. Daniel and Charles O'Con-
nor, a native of County Meatb, Ireland, aged
S3 years.
O'KEEFE— In this city, December 18. 1900. Da-
vid, beloved brother of John O r Keefe. and
uncle of T. W-, Michael. Edmund. David and
Nellie Klrby aad Edward O'Keefe. a native
of Ireland, ased SO years.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), from the undertaking j>arl°r» of
J. C. O'Connor & Co., 7S7 Mission ' etreet,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will be ce>brated for the
repose of his soul, at 10 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Ometery-
CNEILL— In this city. December 17. UOO, Mar-
garet, beloved wife of Terrence CNelll, a
native of County Tyrone, Ireland, aged £2
years.
[TThe' funeral will take place this day
(Wednesday), at 9:J0 o'clock, from her late
residence, 227 Ney street (College Homestead),
thence to St. John's Church (Old St. Mary's
College), where a requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
RAMSELL— In Ocean View. December IS, 1300,
at the residence of his daughter. William A.
Ramsell. dearly beloved father of Mrs. Eu-
gene Casserly. a native. of Stockholm. Swe-
den, aged £3 years 7 months and 7 days.
CTThe funeral will take place this day
fWednesday). at 1:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of McAvoy & Co.. 1233 Market street, be-
tween Eighth and Ninth. Members of Court
Star of the West No. 633S. A. O. F., are In-
vited to attend. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
REGER— In this city. December 18. 1900, Albert
P. R«ger. a native of Philadelphia, aged 62
years. (Philadelphia papers please copy.)
C7 Remains at the funeral parlors of
Charles H. Jacob & Co., SIS Mason street, be-
tw««s O'Farrell and Geary. Funeral and In-
terment private.
ECHWARZ— In this city. December 15. 1300.
Richard C. B., beloved husband of Minnie
Schwarz, and brother of Hubert, T. Schwarz.
a native of Stettin. Germany; aged 54 years
and S months. A member of Golden Gate
Lodge No. 30. F. and A. M-. and Oriental En-
campment No. 5". I. O. O. F ¦
C3*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wtdnwdav), at S:30 o'clock, from the Odd
Fellows' Hall, corner Seventh and Market
streets, where the funeral services will be'
held under the auspices of Golden Gate Lodge
No. 204. I. O. O. F. Interment Masonic Ceme-
tery- Remains at the parlors of Theo. Dierks,
GOVE-In this city, at St. Mary's 'Hospital.
Pecember 18. isoo. Mary, beloved wife of
Huth G<ive. sister of John and the Ute
James Hayes, daughter of the late Catherine
Hayes aunt of Mary Hayes, and cousin or
airs. Hannao McAulifte, a native of Queens-
to^n- County Cork. Ireland, aeed « years. "
C' Friends and acquaintances are respect-
f S* 1 >' lnvl ted to attend the funeral this day
. epnesday). at 1 o'clock, from Uie parlors
or James McMenomey & Son. 1057 Mission
street, thence to St. James Church, corner
Twenty-third and Guerrero streets, for ser-
vices, commencing at 1:30 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
HAGERTT- In this city. December IS, 1900.
Margie, beloved wife of Daniel Haferty, and
mother of Mary Ellen. John and Margartte
Hafrerty, and sister of Mrs. Florence Driscoll.
and cousin of John Monaghan. a native of the
parish of Skull. County Cork, Ireland, aged
*¦? years » months and I day.
CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at S:SO o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 12 Ricgold street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, where a solemn requiem hish
mass will tx? cel<»brated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
'Holy Cross Cemetery.
HALL-In Oakland, December 17, 1900. Mar-
low Augustus, beloved son of Charles and
Laura Hall, brother of Ansel Hall, and
(rrandson of Mr. and Mrs. F. E. Crocker, a
native of Oakland, aged 5 years e months and
14 days.
CT'The funeral services will take place
thit; day (Wednesday*, at 2 o'clock, at the
'¦esldence of the parents, 671 Twenty-third
EAILEOAD TRAVEL.
SPECIAL XOTICES.
REAX EgTATE—CITY—FOR 8AX^
BAD tenants elected for 14; collection, raade-
SPmo^SS^" PACIFI C COLLECnONCO
«a Montgomery at., rooms »-10: tel S5S0
COPARTNERSHIP XOTICES.
tl 1 .' SF^V*. HE RMAN~VVINNER. both of
Sfs?»v < Sr it3r of San Fra°ciiTco. have
£der thl «^ «««nselvM In a copartnership
MFG. CO. Nov 19. WOO.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHAAGE.
NETT -cttare C rms.. beta: let 60x100: Mission:
rgrtal terai: and vacant lot*. 411 Kearay tt.
OFFICE— 1113 BROADWAY.
BORN.
MASON— la this city, to the wife cf W. B.
Mason. & eon.
B , I , r^-,™*rTla«e and death notices sent by
f 1 V"5 v not be They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence cf per-
sons authorised to have the came published.
BlfiTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
"A lower berth
m center of the car" -
Yon can have it if yon go East via. Denver and the BnrIIr:$>
ton Route — the new through car line across the con tinen t £
Leave San Francisco 6.00 any evening is the week, >
&nd you go through to Chicago without a single changs
of cars. All meals served in dining cars. Luxurious
library cars, Denver to Chicago,. Finest scenery on earth.
-.;* .'¦ Berths and tickets at
631 Market Street, San Francisco.
W. D. 5AN3ORN. General A«nuThe police were called out aboard the
ship tWtton yesterday about 6 p. m. to
quell a disturbance. The vessel, com-'
mended by Captain Davis, was from New
South Wales, and was loaded with coal.
She arrived in port at 11:45 yesterday
morning and dropped anchor off Black
Point. As soon as the vessel was safely
anchored fourteen of the crew deserted.
Four of the crew, Thomas Nolan, Ar
thur MIddleton. James Vunan and Roz
zeno Attllio remained with the ship. The
first three went Into the forecastle and
made themselves comfortable, while At
tilio roamed the deck. Late in the after
noon, he claims, he saw smoke issuing
from the forecastle, and rushed to the
doorway to. ascertain the cause. He said
he saw the straw mattresses on which the
men sleep piled up on the deck and on
fire. Just as he started to rush to stamp
out the flames. Vunan came at him
with a knife. He dodged and ran around
the crew's quarters until he was able to
reach a belaying pin. This he lifted and
brought down oi Vunan's head, putting
an end to the chase.
First Mate Green heard the disturb
ance and came forward and put a stop to
further battling:. He signaled ashore for
the police, and had the lot arrested,
charging them at the Harbor Police Sta
tion with, attempting to burn the ship.
Quarrel Among Men on Ship
Ditton Leads to Arrests
on Serious Charges.
SAILORS IN JAIL
ACCUSED OF ARSON
."\Vrlte - for new catalogue of watche«.' Jewelry &
silverware. ; Hammersmith & Field. 26 Kearny.*
A : special imperial commission has left
St. Petersburg . for Moukden * in order * to
carefully. pack; the* manuscripts of > the
'eleventh - and ¦: twelfth , centuries which
were looted from the palace in that city.
JOSEPH FIGEL,," MERCHANT TAI
LOR. The -latest styles to select from.;
Suits from $20 upward.. Overcoats," fancy
vests, etc. at greatly reduced prices.? Sec-'
ond floor Flood Bldg.. Fourth and Market.*
Mrs. George' Bemer, 23 years of age and
known In, tenderloin-: circles : as Mabel
Mills, took an overdose of morphine at her
lodging- place- on street last .'even
ing. Her' condition Is 'not serious. - She
came here from Truckee last September :
Takes , Overdose ; of 'Morphine.
Gentlemen of; all walks'- use fountain
pens, and a more appropriate gift would
be difficult- to Imagine, i As , well as the
plainer stylew. Cooper & Co.,, the Station
ers, have In./ stock'- some handsomely
mounted- and Jeweled designs, specially
imported: for the Christmas trade. • ;
A Spkndid Gift
The Supervisors' Finance Committee
recommended yesterday that the sum of
$1000 be appropriated out ; of the urgent
necessity fund for th© * purchase of an
X-ray for, use ; in the City and County
Hospital. The matter of heating the Hall
of Records with electric apparatus at a
cost : of $1000 went over for one week to
allow Supervisors Tobln and Hotaling to
make a personal investigation . of the ap
paratus. ' •, „ ; ;
In all probability ttie various offlce3
which were* to have been refitted In the
City Hall will remain where they are for
some time to come. The committee ex
pressed itself as being averse to spending
$6500 - for the ¦ purpose of refitting-. - Tobln
thought * the • Sheriff • should have better
quarters, but he ; Is opposed ¦ to spending
$475 to heat the SuDervisors' chamber?
and $200 for canopies for the r Justices o*
the: Peace.- The offices will be personally
inspected- by the committee.', r
X-EAT REOOTVTIVrENPKD
FOB CITY HOSPITAL
Supervisors' ¦ Finance Committee Op
posed to Spending $65 OO to
OELefltOmces.
Solomon's wisdom may have been due
to hlF having talkative wives.
The members' of Stanford Parlor No.
76. N. S. G. W., held their Christmas Jinks
last evening ln Shasta Hall in the Native
Sons' building, which was for members
only. This year i it was in the nature of
"District. School No. 76." Judge Frank
H.' Kerrigan, attired in a beautiful gown
of black velvet and wearing a black wig
of the pompadour order. Impersonated the
schoolmistress, while J. J. Lermen, Bruce
Cornwall and Fred Bert were the visiting
trustees, who were entertained with th)
scholastic ability of the pupils, a dozen
members masquerading as school boys
and girls.
•The examination of the pupils, the
songs, recitations and remarks, were
mirth-provoking and were greatly en
joyed. In addition there was a short pro
gramme of music and songs and gramo
phone selections, after which a collation
of oyster rolls and chestnuts were served.
Then came Henry 8. Martin as Santa
Claus, who presented a gift to each mem
ber, all but one being of the "josh" orde-.\
and selected to fit the peculiarities of the
recipient. The . exception was a smoking
Jacket, pipe rack and writing case pre
sented to Fred H. Jung, the very efficient
recording secretary. •
Holding Their Christmas
Jinks.
STANFORD PARLOR'S
DISTRICT SCHOOL
Native Sons Have a Jolly Time in
Severely Injured by the Vicious Ani
mal—John Harrig-an Dies at
General HospitaL
Trooper Burnett of the Sixth Cavalry,
while working in the stables at the Pre
sidio yesterday, was kicked by a horse
and severely Injured. He was taken to
the post hospital, where it was found that
he had a badly bruised hip.
John Harrigan, Company K. Thirty
sixth Infantry, died at the General Hos
pital yesterday of dysentery. Harrigan
had served through two enlistments anl
had an enviable record as a soldier. He
was a member of the Washington volun
teers, serving with that regiment all
through the Spanish-American war.
When the regiment was sent home to be
mustered. out he remained ln the islands,
enlisting in the Thirty-sixth Infantry, and
saw much active service.
Twenty-three recruits arrived at the
Presidio yesterday. There are now more
than 600 •'rookies" in the quarters at t"ne
Presidio, who are being put through
daily drills to fit them for service In the
Philippines.
The remains of seven deceased soldiers
were interred yesterday ln the national
cemetery. The bodies were escorted to
their last resting place by the Third Ar
tillery band and a firing squad.
The soldiers at the General Hospital
will be entertained to-night by a perform
ance by the Columbia Minstrels. The
weekly entertainment Inaugurated by
Colonel Girard have proven a source of
great benefit to the patients. The pro
gramme arranged for to-night consists of
songs, dances and monologue, and the
performers are all . clever, assuring a
pleasing entertainment.
CAVALRYMAN" BTTBNETT
KICKED BY A HORSE
In regard to the story that the Southern
Pacific and Santa 'Fe; may, enter into a
deal, by which the two roads wlllbe able
to secure more direct rail communication
between Salt Lake" City and Los Angeles
Mr. Stubbs said - that he had heard the
report I but he ' doubted ¦ if ' t her« was any
truth in" it. The Southern Pacific, he said,'
has pretty good facilities for looking
after; both passenger and • freight '. traffic
from these points. -although the communi
cation is not so direct as will be the new
Clark road, but the second vice president
did not think there was any, occasion for
immediate alarm or uneasiness. . ¦ , .
' Mr.' Stubbs saw'Mariajrer'J. A.' Fillmore
while East. He was suffering from a se
vere attack of' inflammatory, rheumatism.
From last accounts, however, Mr. Fill
more ; was convalescent : and t had started
for^the coast ; In' a-orivate car.. .¦ .
Mr. Stubbs says the postponement was
a great disappointment to the railroads,
as the case is one of considerable import
ance and it was desired to have it set
tled as soon as possible. One of the most
important points brought out at the hear
ing was the fact that ship companies We
now preparing to enter actively into the
carrying trade from New York to San
Francisco and that several big ships are
to-be added to the carrying facilities of
one of the lines now in existence.
This knowledge imparted to the : rail
road officials may lead to a rate war be
tween the- water carrying companies and
the railroads,- which* will of itself solve
the pending case of the St. Louis people.
The case is one: in which all the Jobbers
wish to. secure Pacific Coast business,
i ne contention of the St. Louis people Is
that ¦ the rate given by the railroads to
the Pacific ¦ Coast on carload lots is so
much lower, proportionately, than the
rates, for. less than carload lots as to
mean practical discrimination against the
Middle West Jobbers.
Mr.> Stubbs says the cue is one of the
most important that has ever come before
the Interstate Commission and it Involves
so much to the parties in interest that it
is estimated they * have expended $25,000
In putting It ¦ to the commission. , ••-¦
Besides Mr.- Stubbs,- the- Southern Paci
fic was represented at the hearing by
.William P. Herrln/'E.: S. Plllsbury rep
resented the Jobbers of this city and
Wakefleld Baker of Baker & Hamilton
was also present"? '
Mr. Stubbs went East to attend a hear
ing at Washington of the Interstate Com
merce Commission in the case which the
St. Louis Merchants' Association brought
against the different railroads which car
ry freight to the Pacific Coast from points
east of the Missouri and Mississippi riv
ers. Only three witnesses ¦were examined,
and owing to the failure to subpena a
number of other witnesses, whose testi
mony was desired by the St. Louis par
ties, further hearing was postponed until
April 15 In "Washington.
J. C. Stubbs, vice ¦ president of the
Southern Pacific, returned last evening
the East, where he has been since
the latter part of November. He attend
ed a meeting of railroad presidents in
New York and there , met Charles M.
Hays, the new head of the Southern Pa
cific, for the first time. It was thought
Mr. Hays might come back with Mr.
Stubbs, but Mr. Stubbs said last evening
that the ex-Grand Trunk manager had
decided not to leave Canada until the first
of the new year. • -
The Ship Companies Are
Planning to Compete
Wiih Railroads.
BIG RATE WAR
IS THREATENED
Accordingly we request you to immediately
commence eult against the aald corporations
and each of them to restrain them and each
in ihrstaTe m of r c a ffffli any '""^
Each of said corporations now has ln It«
possession large sums of money received from
persons to whom said contracts have been
irVT?- whlch Bald roone >' Ix-'ongs to and is
hUd in trust by each of said corporations for
thHr several contract holders. .
Each of said corporations purport to have ln-
V r te V rOPOrtloni ' Ol "* i<1 «n°n«>y >n what each
of said corporations claim to be good -ecuri
t! *S £ r th £ b * nefit of sa| d contract hoWers
end the said corporations each claim that they
f£* £ rn « n * V ro^l from R aW Investments for
the benefit of saJd contract holders
i not Relieve that the securities so se
lected by said corporations for said Invest
ments are fit or proper securities for the 'in
vestment of trust funds, and are fearful that
great loss may result to the contract holders
and each of them from said investments
We furthermore believe from a careful ln
vfetlgatlon of the plan of operations that at
If art two of the corporations hereinbefore
named are conducting a lottery business con!
trary to the laws of the State of California
and of the United States. vamornia
d" 1 ?! Board of Commissioners of the
Building and Loan Associations of the
State of California, and the Insurance
Commissioner, filed yesterday a report
W L l | >, A l tOrney General Tirey L. Ford In
which the Commissioners claim that sev
eral investment companies have not com
plied with the laws of the State, and they
ir?£3f.. tl i at the Attorn ey General will
immediately commence suit against the
corporations. The report follows:
?i, Th^, Pacl^ c MuttJ al Debenture Company in
l^K^^P^y- M£ "*et sireet; the West
ern Mutual Investment Company iwan, lie.
«nd 6C6. Safe Deposit buildln^the American
S tt *«« and Trust Company.' rwra SW s££
vr-aer the laws of the State or California «n<i
fn U e r^nt tO enKased ln th « buimew^f V.u*
ing contracts or debenture bondi and are
thereby doing either an inv«tment bS«lnS
!^^%£S£ on^as^S 1^
and the conduct of the business of suchinW*
ence." approved March 19. l^Uand ,n the
course of their said buoine^s have Issued" and
tbtre are now outstanding, large numbers of
uJZ ot . L he BaW corporations have ever com
plied with any of the provisions of the above
mentioned law of this State, nor have anV
cf them ever- received from the Insurance Com^
n.Issiowr of Eaid State the written certified
provided to be issued by section 2 of saU law
rifcS !# .5?" "rf"""" hav « ever corn:
pli»d with the provisions of an act of the Leg
islature of the State or California entitled
set creatlns a board of commissioners of. the
bui ding and loan association*, and prescribing
t h-ir duties and powers," approved March »3
tm. as amended' by an act of said L^sl-uu're
approved March 26. 1895, nor have anV^f them
:?«£¦? ots^t? the llcense ««""-.»»"
Investment Companies Art
Charged Each With Con
ducting a Lotttrj.
ACCUSING TWO
CORPORATIONS
Seriously Scalded.
Ar.gelo Esola is lying at the Receiving
Hospital suffering from a series of burns
and scalds about the upper portion of his
body, which will probably result in his
dfath. Esola left his wife and two young
children Jn New York and came to the
coast to secure employment. He secured
a. position with the Pacific Sheet Metal
Work? at Seventh and Townsend streets.
He was repairing a steam elevator when
the steam pipe burst and before compan
ions could rescue him he was badly scald
ed. The doctors have little hope of his re
covery. Esola lived at 754 Brannan street.
days ago he wrote from the Union League
Club to the firm that he was willing to
pay the $75, but would refuse to pay the
costs of the suit. He was waiting an an
swer to that letter when he was arrested
at the Palace Hotel by Detective Ross
Whlttaker.
"I feel most humiliated," said Brown
yesterday, "at being locked up in prison,
as there is absolutely no case against me.
I received a dispatch to-day from Fred
Quirk, a friend, that the firm in Oswego
was willing to withdraw the warrant on
payment of $130. I wired that I would
agree, as I do not want my father, who
is a retired ; merchant in New York, to
know that I was in prison, as he might
imagine I had been guilty of some crime.
At all events I have instructed my attor
ney to apply for a writ of habeas corpus
for my release to-morrow morning."
The only way in which Scott may suc
ceed in reappointing nearly all of the
twelve incumbents is to have the commis
sion certify to him the names of three
ellgibles for ¦ each position. This would
bring sixty-nine names to him for appro
val. But If the commission does ¦ not
countenance this plan and civil service
is strictly adhered to he will be unable
under any circumstances to retain the
eleven who did not pass.
Deputy Tax Collector Salomon was
thunderstruck when, he discovered that
only three of the present office force were
sulilclently high up on the list to be liable
for appointment- . -\
"Some of. the. best .men. In our, office
have failed," said Salomon, "and others
are so far down on the list that it looks
dubious for -them. >• It Is • Incomprehensi
ble. Why Mrs. Graff,,. who Is one. of our
force' and a most capable clerk, failed | to
get on the list because her. experience as
a school-teacher was marked cipher.' I
have nothing to say, but this result will
certainly bear an Investigation." \ ¦ |
The list, with the rank and percentages,
follows, the successful ones being named
in their order of standing: • • -' .
Frederick H. Stahle. 97.9; William H. Miller,
97.75; Francis X. JVley. 97.45;. Joseph I, Two
hi(?, 87; George J. McCormlck. -97; GeorgeT.
Poultney, 96.4; Isaac Citron. 95.2; William N.
Elfendahl. 84.9; JamejL.< Miller, 9iS; Edward
W. D. Cusheon, 94.6; -Robert A. Miller,, 94.6;
Claire F. Knerr. 93.7; Charles E.' Broad,. 93.7;
Frank R. Smith, 93.4; James A.' Code, 93.2; Eu
gene W. Hawley. 918; Edward : C. . Stackpole."
92.6: Alexander Dijeau, 92.5; Parker .W.' Jones '
?2.S5; William J. Tiernan, 92.3; Homer C: War- :
ren, 92.2; Rudolph Albors, 91.8;VJohri White,
9L7; Daniel J. Sullivan, 91.6; William C Gray. 1
91.6; Edward C. Harrington. -91.2: .Clark- Knox, .
9L15; Charles H. Squire. 91.1: George " A. " Mc-
Calvy, 90.75; Charles A. Wolff, 90.7; Andrew,
J. Ford, 90.6; Frank E. Metcalf, 90.55"; Daniel
F. Mahcr. 90.4; Henry H. McVlne, 90.4;. Oscar
Painter. 90.2; Lawrence B. Albert!,- 88.8> Allen
A. Garner. 89.8; Charles H. Meese, 89.05; Ellen
M. Hammond. 88.9; William J. Rlley. 88.8;- John
J. Boyle, iSS.3; Daniel 'Rosenblum,* 87.4; Joseph
P. ,. McQuald, 87.25; Edward M. • Boland, ' 87.2;
Anr.ie C. Van Nostrand, 86.65; James H.'O'Hea,
85.95; George W. Brower, S5.5; ; Nicholas S.
Martinovich. 85.5: Harry Marks, • 85;- Sylvester
J. Carty. 84.7; John E. Sharp. -84.7; Frank'Rlt
tls*teln, 84. 65; John J. Carroll, 83.8; Michael- 1.
Rodrigue, 83.65; : Joseph A: Coyle. 83.5; Allen
H. Browne. 82.25; Harry G. Holland;"81.8; Frank
Maurino, 81.7; Joseph A. Mogan, 81.6; Otto F.
Tlebfen. 81.4; Thomas C. Wilson, 81.3; Hiram
P Goldstein. 81: Frank J. Sllvey, ' S0.95; James
Bowlan, 80.3; Oswald Van Mendenhall, 80.15;
Nathaniel Sanders, 80.1; Henry F. Dunn, >7i>.8;
Monteflore Harris*, 79.3; Morris Schwartz, 79.2;
Jules E. Volslnet. 79.15; John W. Roach, 78.6;
Frederick E. Farmer, .78.3: Abraham ' W. -> Myer.
77.85- August Welmann. 77.3: William K. Ow
ens, 77.1; B. J. Boylan, 76.8; Michael Ryan," 76.7;
Thomas ¦ E. Brophy, 76.25; John C. " Susenbeth,
76.2; Thomas J. Sharkey, 76.1; Edward.F.
Cooncy, 75.1; Andrew J. Farren,. 75.4; Augusta
H. Muller. 75.2; Henry IV. Byrne, 75.15.
The announcement of the eligible list
of experienced clerks in the Tax Col
lector's office was made yesterday by
the Civil Service Commission, and as a
result eighteen or twenty clerks at pres
ent employed in the office may lose their
positions because their names do not ap
pear high enough on the list or do not
appear at all. The Tax Collector will be
required to make a requislton for
twenty-three clerks, and according to the
rules of the commission the names
of the first twenty - five will be
certified, from which the selections
will be made. Only three of the
clerks now employed in the office are
among these twenty-five — Claire Knerr,
Frank Smith and Rudolph Albora. It Is
barely possible that Edward Harrington,
who stands number 26, and • George Mc-
Calvy, No. 29, both incumbent clerks, may
slip -in among the' chosen ones in; case
four of those preceding them decline ap
pointment; but the others now In the
office are too far down on. the list to hope
for Immediate appointment. They are
John Boyle, Nicholas Martinovich, Hiram
Goldstein, Morris Schwartz, Julea Vols
onet, Thomas Brophy and Henry D.
Byrne. The other eleven employed failed
to get on the eligible list at all, and one
of these, Meyer Cohen, declined to finish
his examination. • .
Civil Service Eligible List
for Tax Office Causes
Consternation.
MANY CLERKS
TO LOSE PLACES
ANDREW WHITE BROWN, the
son of a retired millionaire mer
chant of New York, does not like
his detention in the City Prison,
and to-day, through his attorney,
T. D. RIordan, will apply for a writ of
habeas corpus for his release. Yesterday
Captain Seymour received a dispatch
from Deputy Sheriff C. S. Murphy of Ful
ton, N. Y., asking him to hold Brown and
saying that he would send after him.
Brown says that his arrest on the
charge of grand larceny Is nothing but an
attempt at blackmail. He purchased arti
cles valued at $75 from Jules Wendel &
Son, Oswego, N. Y., and they dunned him
for the money, finally bringing suit
against him and obtaining Judgment by
default. When he arrived here about ten
YOUNG MAN, WHO AFTER BEJNG PLACED IN "TANKS' ON A TEL
EGRAPHED CHARGE OF GRAND LARCENY. IS FOUND TO BE THE
SON OF A NEW YORK MILLIONAIRE.
Mr. Prather was then notified and he
regretted the loss of his pet. He had
captured the deer when it was in. its
"swaddling clothes" and had raised it on
his ranch. As It grew the animal was
given the privilege of the front parlor and
he behaved like a deer. He would play
fully wrestle with Mr. Prather*s guests
and managed to win many a bout. As he
grew the deer became impressed with his
prowess and was not afraid to tackle
anything on the place. This feeling led
to his untimely end.
Mr. Vogelsang thinks that th© "high
horned" proceedings of the deer led to
the "passing of the buck;" yet, as a State
officer, he believes that the animal should
not have been killed during the close sea
son and, therefore, the citizens of Mon
tague are liable to imprisonment and fine
The deer was the property of Thomas
Prather. president of the Union National
Bank of Oakland. It was a pet and was
allowed to roam over the country home
of the Oakland banker, until he outgrew
his playfulness and proceeded to drive
every one off the land. He was impris
oned in a paddock and some time last
week broke through the barrier and not
finding a man or child that he could butt,
ambled down to the railroad station. An
overland train, crowded with Eastern vis
itors, had just pulled into the station and
a number of passengers alighted to
stretch their legs. The deer astounded
them by trotting toward the Pullman and
without warning bowling over a pas
senger. One or two other Easterners suf
fered alike fate and visions of the "Woolly
West" began to rise in the minds of the
frightened people who pressed their faces
to the windows watching the antics of
the deer. The rtation agent at Montague
rushed to the rescue and was unceremoni
ously greeted. He was, however, rein
forced by other residents and they vali
antly charged the brute. As soon as the
buck was thrown, its throat was cut ajid
it bled to death.
From the evidence in the hands of Mr.
Vogelsang, the citizens of Montague,
whose names are withheld at this time-by
him, committed a grave offense when they
killed the deer. On the other hand, the
parties ; under the ban claim they were
justified in ending the life of the pronged
animal and In their own defense set up
the following facts:
A number of good citizens of Montague,
Sisklyou Counry, are in grave danger of
being prosecuted for killing deer during
the close season. Chief Deputy John P.
Babcock of the Fish Commission has been
in consultation with Alexander T. Vogel
sang, who is~ a lawyer as well as a mem
ber of the board, and the latter has ad
vised Mr. Babccck to take no action un
til he. has consulted the law. and his fel
low commissioners.
Officials Charged With Protection of
Game Have a- Puzzling
Problem Before
Them.
Montagu i Citizens Kill Deer
in Violation of the
State Law.
PATHETIC TALE
OF THE PASSING
OF THE BUCK
TMJii sAjs; FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 19, 1000.
SON OF A MILLIONAIRE
IN TH E PRISON "TANKS"
Andrew Brown Denies He Ts . Guilty of Lar
ceny, and Hints at Blackmail.
14
this store is Santa Claus' favorite outfitter
call In our toy one* doll &tor& 9
or In our bric-a-brac store,
or In our leather goods store,
or in any of our many great departments to-day and you'll find them
overflowing with useful, practical, beautiful and fanciful things
for gifts and you'll find our popular price system which, in
conjunction with merchandise of irreproachable charac-
ter, is the foundation stone of this store's success,
as conspicuous now as at all other times.
random items picked here and there from our
great stock of toys and dolls.
Wood body wajrons with iron axles and
steel tired w-h^ls. Bodies are 20 inches j
lonK and 10 inches wide. See Illustration. /
Worth r.3c each. Our price HDt' / _j.
The Daisy wagons. Iron axles, steel
tired wheels, dashboard, whip socket aivl r& / i*sx-**zrrrflXL-< r .-*r7t2 i*tC<
seat. Bodies i.re 2*» inches lor.g and 13 - p/^tr^ 'irypnece j^r~<f
inches wide. Regular price J1.75 each. Our VfSj'^ •^¦^rSfBS V^T
price Sl.:{{) '
Exprrss wagons. Wood bodies, iron . O^ \Li^
bxIps and steel tired wheels. Bodies are > *ss>^
2* inches lonp by 13 inches wide. - Worth
$138 each. Our price i>Si*
Express wagons. Wood bodies, steel tired wheeis and iron axles. Bodies
are 23 inches Jonp by 12 inches wide. Worth 95c each. Our price 7!>t?
Chautauqua blark boards. Made with illustrated roller and drop front.
Rt grui.ir price II. 50 each. Our price jjt 1 ,'J, J>
' f —^.^ Painted drums. As illustrated. Regular price 25c
/\^^ f — «^v each. Our price l!)c
| s^i^ ~^r^f Fine kid body dolls with beautiful faces, long curly
rvL^_ || TZiV"^ hair, cloMnjj eves and shoes and stocking's. Kach
j^H —^jj -. »sc
' I I! v U.A Fine Kestner dolle. with beautiful faces. Ions
IS '* ' : >m "V "^ »a»k curly hair and closing' eyes. All prices 25c to#(J.J)S
" ' \&& ;: ' v> JuT Printing presses with complete outfits. A very jn-
f\ / Vl structive present for young hopeful. Each !)Sc
i^VT \ f^^\ Crokinoleboards. An interesting game for young
V^ \~f^^S* and old. Each J)Se
Magic lantern with twelve slides. Each.. SI. IO
Wood wash s?ts of six pieces. As Illus- x^— y y
tratod. Regular price 9Sc each. Our jk P^- p-^^-j
D« IKs c - arts with steel wheels. Rejru- "^S^^^^^^W^^
lar price 23c each. Our price 22c ¥""¦» »"" ''' ir« 3 *'i a^«'" j r p \
Bedroom furniture. Regular price 50c a // \ \
set. Our price 37c I^J \
Market street, near Sixth, opposite Golden Gate avenue.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
STORE OPEN EVENINGS UNTIL CHRISTMAS.
Ladles' Feather Boas, Fur Scarfs, Novelto Belts and Fine
Ladles' and Gents' Initialed Handerchlefs, ln Silk, Linen
and Linen. Cambric.
Gents' silk Mufflers, Reefers, Scarfs and NoYeltu
Neckwear.
Ladles' Lace Collars, Fichus, Ties, Ruffs, Jabots anl
Ladies' and Children's Fine Hosieru and Underwear,
at popular prices.
Gents' Silk, Cashmere and Merino Underwear. Also
complete line of fine Half Hose.
Ladles' Fine CroGhet Shawls, ln white, pink, black,
grau, blue and cardinal.
Ladles' and Gents' Silk Umbrellas, with horn, pearl,
natural wood and gun metal handles.
Ladies 1 and Gents' Best Makes Kid Gloves of French,
English anl German manufacture.
Fine Battenberg Tidies, Scarfs, Center Pieces, Pillow
Snamsj TaDle Covers anl Bed Sets. x
Eiderdown Comforters and Pillows ln Silk, Satin and
French Sateen Covering.
We will have on sale all this
week elegant lines of the following
NEW GOODS, veru suitable for
HOLIDAY PRESENTS:
PIANO PURCHASERS
ATTENTION!
28 Grand and Upright
WEBER
PIANOS
Used by the. artists of the
GRAU OPERA COMPANY
• Will be offered for sale at
LARGELY REDUCED PRICES.
This and. next week.
Old instruments taken in ex-'
change.
¦ Terms given. if desired.
NOVEMBER 14. 1 1900. |
I take much pleasure in Baying
that the Weber has given me tht
greatest eatlsfacMon.
JOHANNA GADSKI.
CLARK WISE & CO.;
AGENTS.
Corner Geary and Grant Ave,, S, F.
Eli Twelfth; St.. Oakland.
Beautiful
German China.
Articles almost without
number artistically decorated.
Cake 1 rays
Cabarets
Card Boxos, Smoko
Sets, Plates, Ash
Trays, Holders, Pin
Trays, Chocolate
Sets
Our Prices
Just Like Finding Money.
Great American ImportiniE Tea Co.
CITY STORES.
. SIO Grant Ave., bet. Post and 8nttei>
861 Market St., opp. Powell.
140 Sixth St. 1410 Polk St.
112 Third St. 1819 Dev!»adei-o St.
146 Ninth St. 2OOS Fillmore St.
3006 Sixteenth St. 621 Montftomory Avw
2516 Mission St. * 8285 Mission St.
TOS LarblnSt . 2782 24 th St.
868 Hayes St.' 476 Hal&ht St.
¦ i 52 Market Bu ,
OAKLAND STORES. #
IO33 Washington St 1237 Broadway.
1183 23rd Ave. : 616 E. 12th «t.
1510 Seventh St.
ALAMEDA— I35S Park St.
6AW BAFAJEJL-B §t.. near Pour^s
Sale's.
Sale's.
111- 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
THE MONEY-SAVING
FURNITURE and CARPET
HOUSE*
r^0n!» AHOLIDAY
\au4.50 uIFT!
\^^^^v We hare 25 other
P^\ -^Q^ ; Tarietiss.
%N^^ OUR NEW GOODS
HAVE ARRIVED.
10 per cent off Now Is your
for Cash. time to select.
ff^KlfllSDESK
\ \ Is folid Oak,
[To "iXl Birdseje Maple
\i If or Birch.
—4 It will pay you
*~ "TJ to call and In-
! " i spect our new
u w goods.
ONtr f«.9O. && 8 ood3 marked in
IO per cent off pl»in figures. 10 psr
for Cash. cento ff for cash.
KRAGEN FURNITURE CO.,
1015-1017 Market Street,
OPPOSITE TAYLOR ST.
OPEN EVENIXG3.
The "DANN" RECLINING CHAIR
A Handsome Christmas Mp|/
Easy and Comfo.-tabts. £&&&%/
Price $15. Come ond see it.
W. A. SCHROCK,
J 19 New Montgomery Street.
i ST. GERMAIN BILLIARD COMPANY,
fl Formerly JACOB STRAHtE * CO..
y Established 1K2.
I 409 MABXET 8TRSET, SAN TEi5CI3C0.
¦ ¦ Manufacturers ot
m Standard Billiard and Pool Tables.
fl Lager and Steam Beer Pumps.
a Billiard Tables on Installments or
i| Rented.
dr.m™lty.~
rpHISWELI^KNOWTf AND RF.Lr ABLE OLD
.1 8pecU!Ist<r«reiB!ood Poison. (lonorrheea, Gleet,
Stricture, Seminal Weakness. Impotence and their
allied Disorders. Book on Diseases of Men, frpt>
OTerI0years>xp#r<enee.TBrms reasonable. Hourv
9to3Ually;fl:30toi30eT'fs. Rand*Ts,wto 12. Omimt!
. utlonfreeandsacredlycoafldentlaL Call or address
I». BO8COE afeXCliTY. M. D
S86K Kearny SU S«a FraneiMo, Csl
RPTTQHPR FOR BARBERS. BAK- ,
DXlUOXlJCiO ers. bootbUek.. bath-t'
houses, billiard table*
brewers bookbinders, candy-makers, canners."
d7er», flourmllls. foundries, laundries oat^r
hangers, printers, painters, «hoe factories «ta
blemen. tar-roofers, tanners, tailors ate!
BUCi.A.\A> BROS.
"Phone, Howard 1C2L
IIS TAYLOR STREET.
GROCERY SPECIALS.
This Entire Week. Open Evenings.
11/11 UIITC Best « new - lar^ e P a -lOI*»
WALNUTo m£5*!£g!^M&
Why pay higft as 23c? 50 sacks on sale.
EXTRA TEAMS. PROMPT DELIVERY.
MIXED NUTS;5jF)US^l5c
EXTRA SPECIAL ON EGGS.
MINCE MEAT ,^«I2LC
Made In. our Preserving Kitchen.
WATCH OUR SPECIALS.
WINES Ton and Sherry, bottle... 25 C
Our 40c grade St. Georges Vineyard, 5 for
$1.00.
NO IMITATION GOODS.
SHELLED ALMONDS J& 2 Rc
fine flavor, pound 'LW
GROCERIES FOR XMAS.
PRESERVED c r «M.35c
Highly pleasing to taste. Regular 50c
20 SPECIALS WEEKLY.
BRANDY ..":35c
wiiniiui Worth double. uug
SEND ORDER, LARGE -OR SMALL.
CUT THIS OUT.
$20«-Holiday Presen t--$20
THIS CERTIFICATE IS GOOD FOR TWEN-
TY r>OLX.AllS when accompanied by $10 in '
cash, and will b« taken as a thirty-dollar first ;
payment cr< the r'j^chaw of a New Piano (any
make) 1'prUrht or Grand, from our wardrooms.
Difference of price of piano can be paid in
carh or. If desired, la Installments on cur new-
rent contract plan. This certificate must be
pre**nte<3 before January 1, 1*01. Only one cer-
tificate taken on any one Piano.
HEINE PIANO CO.,
217 Geary Street, Ean Francisco.
EMERSON S15O
CHICKERING «175
STEINWAY XlOS
30 HATNS teas
3 HEINE & HALLETT-DAVIS GRANDS
9325, f**75 to f975
Elejrar.t New pianos f 14O. Can be exchanged
any time ln Z years; Jfc down, (< per month; '
rented and rent allowed.
Open evenings.
COMPANT,
217 Geary Street. Optn Evenings.
DR. PIEHCE'S j^BODY-BARERY
Hew /^y^^\^
lO^^ W Km xawJern an.
Ex uisi of kSlAPJJ&L. tU*aee! It
pr. Pierce'. &f*^*^r c "« th » **>a>'
ti«t and At- fSS&sSSL wlth *l*ctrlc-
tacfcrarcu a T??f7 l £*$gl Jt >'« thu« rlr-
poverfulpur- OgHNB 1°' Xttntt'%
rrr.t of elec- f&^WmsJm w& nnt h *n<S
trlcltymay b« fvmfMnrifyl etr e°rth to all
conveyed to KjBjtMPgjag w b° »•« it.
any part of I T^^gj *pe««l]ycitrei
tht bodjr of I qW \ j,l| without drag*
the wearer, I f!f \ I If and li w good
from head to u'/l lliu for women
foot, thereby I A 1 \+9 *¦• tor nitn.
lmpartlnr I » § \\a Prices r»a-
vlm and vigor \ Y% I lii aooaM*. No
to U! veak' \ ¦ IO "F r * e" or
Daru and If V'Mf "Hajf Prlct"
driving aw a 3 p**^| 1 1»> oSerk nut
acbn at t *^n 1 "^&^ to sell this
p*lns as u lit* B E L * • li
by magic. / j>\ yoo want th*
CTOur ntir "Book- *•^/ BEST, you
lei Kq. f rivet full in- nm*t btvi
formation. J*re* at of- "Dr. Plerct'a."
flee or mailed to asy address for & 2-o£fet
Han:.. Call or addtr^ PIEJxCE ELDC-
, TRIC CO.. U4l Broadwiajr <ab<7r* J6th et.).
New Tork. Pactflc Coast offloo, C20 Mar-
ket tt. (oppoiite Palace Hotel), San Fran-
d»co.
When ¦wrttlng. kindly mention thl» pctxr.
ADVERTISEMENTS.