DEATH OF THE NOTORIOUS
PRINCE TUAN BY POISON
IS REPORTED AT PEKING
PUNISHMENT OF THE PRINCES.
Li Hung Chang's Entire Plan Will
Bs Followed.
LONDON. Oct. 1. 3:30 a., m.— From
SCENE- AT THE EIGHTH REGIMENT ENCAMPMENT AT . > SHENAN
DOAH ON SUNDAYS, WHEN CROWDS OF STRIKERS GATHER TO
WATCH THE MILITIAMEN.',' - '*"" ' >'. : -, ,
PRINCE TUAN. ENEMY TO ALL, FOREIGNERS IN CHINA. WHO HAS
BEEN* DEGRADED. AND IS REPORTED TO HAVE BEEN POI
SONED.
TVang Wen Shao, president of the
Board of Revenue, who accompanied the
Emperor and Empress Regent in their
flight from Peking, says In a letter re
ceived here that their Majesties suffered
great hardships, having scarcely any food
for three days. They had to ride on cam
els and were almost deserted by their fol
lowers. As the country through which
they traveled was devastated by Yung
Fu Slang's troops they were unable to
obtain even necessaries and they saved no
valuables.
Sir Ernest Metson Satow, recently ap
pointed British Minister in China in suc
cession to Sir Claude Macdonald, has ar
rived here on his way to Peking.
j.avo invested Mukden, capital of the
province of Llaotung.
, "Systematic ¦ Russian; denudation* of : . the
Summerj Palace . has^ resulted in ! stripping
lt T of jeYery^yaluablefartlcle.^The loot has
LONDON. Oct. 1.— Dr. Morrison,
wiring to the Times 'from- Peking, :' on
September 24, says: "At - the same mo
ment the Chinese offered to permit the
British. to occupy. without opposition both
Shanhal-Kwan and Tongschan,; they also
made overtures to the British: to 'occupy
Peltain. Although it was known that
these overtures - were supported .; by the
British , authorities in Peking, \. they 'were
discountenanced by Rear 'Admiral Bruce, 1
on ! : the ground that they ; would : disturb
the concert of Admirals. ;..;;>. . :,
Summer Palace Stripped of ;. Every
thing of Value.
RUSSIANS RAZE WHITE PAGODA.
Each of the powers was represented by
100 troops in the guard of. honor that re
ceived Count von Waldersee, and all.thi
commanders called upon him. r v?.'
TIEN.TSIN, Sept. 23 (via Shanghai. Sept.
SO).— Mr. Rockhill before leaving Peking
said he expected to return there soon.
PEKING, Sept. 29.— W. W. Rockhlll, spe
cial commissioner of the United- States,
left Peking with a cavalry escort to-day
for Tientsin. Ho will visit Nankin and the
Yangtse Valley, examine affairs there and
advise the Viceroys to memorialize the
throne urging the return of the court to
Peking.
missioner From Peking.
Cavalry Escorts the American Com-
EOCKHILL GOES TO TIENTSIN.
The Times' Shanghai correspondent tel
egraphs under date of September 28 that
Sheng, Director of Railways and Tele
graphs, has received a dispatch from Li
Hung Chang, dated September 26, which
says that Mr. Conger, the American Min
ister, has sent a message urging him
(Li) to start for Peking .without delay
and open negotiations for peace. Earl Li,
who Is at Tientsin, aads" that hl3 depart
ure from' that place has been postponed,
as he is wilting to have an interview with
Von Waldorsee.'
The Times says it fears that the chief
purpose of China's change of front in the
matter of the punishment of the officials
connected with the recent troubles is to
increase the difference of opinion among
the powers which the American reply to
German proposals has already brought to
light. -;-
XEW YORK, Oct. 1.— The Sun has
this from London: A dispatch from
Shanghai to the Post confirms the state
ment that Li Hung Chang acted on Amer
ican suggestions in advising the. Emperor
an<J_ Empress Dowager to punish officials
who failed to perform their duty in sup
pressing Boxers.
¦From Washington.
Special Dispatch to The Call. , "¦-VJ-"
Li Hung Chang'3 Course Directed
ACTED ON "AMERICAN ADVICE.
ST. PETERSBURG. Sept. 30.— The fol
lowing dispatch, dated Peking, Sept. 27,
has been received from M. de Giers, Rus
sian Minister to China:
? "In acccrdar.ee, with orders from the
highest quarters I am leaving" for Tien
tsin with the whole legation."
German and Japanese columns are - op
erating to the southward, near the Im
perial deer park. Sir Alfred Gaselee, tho
British commander, has gone to Tientsin
to inspect the British troops there.
Friction between the British and Rus
sians over the railway continues, each
paVty seizing and guarding small sections.
The repairing Is unsystematic and the
completion of the work very Indefinite.
General Llnovitch asserted that the dis
patch from St. Petersburg transmitting
order to withdraw contained a state
ment : that ; all ? the "powers
trie same, pollcyli The other generals're
plied that Ihey had received no orders of
that nature.
PEKING, Sept. 25, via Taku, Sept. 28,
via Shanghai. Sept. 30. — At the conference
of generals to-day the Russian comman
der, General Linivitch, announced the im
mediate withdrawal from Peking of the
bulk of the Russian troops and the lega
tion. He will leave on Thursday, Septem
ber. 27. and the legation will follow on
Saturday. There will remain a mixed
force cf about two thousand to represent
Russia-
Left the Capital.
Copyright, 1900. by Associated Tress.
Troops and Legation Have Already-
"The looting continues and daily auc
tions are held. This Is Jlkcly to last all
winter. Members of the. nobility are the
heaviest losers. Prince Ching in particu
lar." '
RUSSIAN EXODUS FROM PEKING
"The Chinese Official Gazette has re
sumed publication," says the Peking cor
respondent of the Morning Post, wiring
September 24, "and contains an order di
recting'the Peking officials to follow the
court unless their duties here prevent
them leaving.
respondent remarks: "The Empress now
realizes the true nature of ' the crisis. Af
ter consulting the Emperor she summon
ed the court dignitaries and on their as
sembling, through which she remained si
tent, the Emperor In a* loud voice deliv
ered a tirade, lasting a couple of hours,
against the courtiers. Then in an angry
voice he dismissed them. After this the
decrees were issued. While these have
been promulgated feverish war .prepara
tions are still reported from Shanghai,
and now appointments have been made
to the Chinese army and navy."
PEKIXG. Sept. IS. via Taku. Sept.
2S and Shanghai Sept. 30.—Peo
ple who are inclined to be f*'r
say if the • Dowager Empress
eeeks mercy from the ; various
nations both Prince Tuan and General
Tung Fuh Siang must be execufed as a
preliminary. It is reported Tuan has
been poisoned by the order of the Em
press Dowager.
Prince Ching, the pro-foreign Peace
Commissioner, transmitted to the Minis
ters of the various powers to-day a com
munication from tbe Governor of Shan
tung and acting Viceroy cf Chili, asking
the commanders of the foreign armies to
defer the pending of expeditions to those
sections. The acting Viceroy and the Gov
ernor of these provinces say they have
received orders from the throne to de
stroy the Boxers, which they are doing
Industriously with imperial troops. The
Viceroy sends a lengthy- report of what
he has accomplished in this line In Chili
Prince Tuan, the leader of the Boxer uprising, is bslieved at Peking to have bsen poisoned. Even
if he has escaped this fate, it is considered almost a certainty at the Chinese capital that he and General
Tung Fuh Slang will be executed as a prelfcninary to the restoration of peace.
\ Copyright. 1900. by ' Associated Press.
\ TIENTSIN. Sept 28, via Shang
\ai, Sept. 30.— Orders from Wash
lr^ton directing the withdrawal of
th\ bulk of tho American troops
were received this afternoon and
preparations to comply were begun
imnvdiaVely. General Chaffee Is
here directing the movement, which
will commence at the earliest pos
sible raomeVt.
It is understood the plan con
templates leatlng a regiment of In
fantry, a squadron of -cavalry and
a battery of artillery, in , Peking to
protect American interests and the
remainder "of the troops will pro- ;
ceed to Manila.
s The news of the American with- ¦
drawal created a sensation among,
the representatives of the .other
powers here. • \
On the other hand, the Standard's cor-
WITHDRAWAL
OF AMERICANS = .
IS ORDERED
"The 'severe punishment' ordered by
Emperor Kwang; Su will only mean a
money fine. There are traces of Li
Hung Chang's hand, under American in
fluence, In the edicts."
Various opinions are expressed as to
the Importance of the edicts. The Shang
hai correspondent of the Morning Pest
say?: ' •'
According to Shanghai advices, in ad
dition to the edicts ordering Grand Coun
cillor Kun Kang to offer oblations before
the coffin of Baron von Ketteler and tho
«?dlct directing that Li Hung Chang's en
tire plan be followed In reg.tjd to the
punishment of the princes and high min
isters of state responsible for the anti
foreign outrages, and the decree ordering
that funeral honors be paid in Peking
and Toklo to the remains of Sugfyama
Akira, the murdered chancellor of the
Japanese legation. Emperor Kwang SiT
has addressed further letters to the. Czar
and the Mikado, renewing his resquest for
their aid in. the. peace negotialons.
Shanghai comes an unconfirmed repo:
th'at the allies hare seized Shanhai-Kwa;
and begs xhc foreign commanders not to
Fend the proposed expedition to Paotlng
Fu. He fay* if the allies carry cur this
Intention, foi%lgn troops will probably
come in %oniJbn with Chinese Imperial
poldlrrs, and tiere will be more trouble.
He promises to nalntaln peace if the task
of exterznlcatlng^oxers be left to him.
The letter from the Governor of Shan
tung is cf the sane tencr. Mr. Conger,
the American MlnisVr, places little faith
In these guarantees. Vile says these offi
cials made the same K"omlses during- the
eiege of Peking.
The British are gathning Information
about the read to Paotog Fu and will
probably investigate the statements made
by the Chinese officials. \
General Linovitch, the tusslan com
mander, will leave here on Vie 27th and
the members of the RussiiV lyeg-ation
will follow him two days laterVrhe Rus
sians will fcf-ep a guard here org300 men.
Members of other legations are Vpecting
orders to leave. V
General Capclee, the British corftnand
er. will go to Tientsin to-morrow toWeet
Field Marshal Count von Walderse^
An expedition cf Japanese and Gern%ns
Etarted to-day for the Boxer BtronglAjd
fifteen miles to the south. \
British cavalry encountered 2000 BoxeA
pouth of Mathami yesterday. The Boxers
had rifles, but no ammunition. Many of
them were killed.
It Is generally conceded here Emperor
Kwang-Su will eventually regain hi?
throne and the old order of things be
established. Missionaries express regret
that no greater punishments are to be
Inflicted on the Chinese and indulge in
general and sharp criticism* of what they
call the un-Cnristian spirit of the mili
tary.
Rev. Dr. Tewksbury will visit the vil
lages in the vicinity of Tungchow In order
to obtain Indemnity for missionaries and
assure the residents they will not be dis
turbed if the Boxers are held In check.
He will have an escort of twenty-flve
American cavalrymen. The villagers in
the region of the Congregational temples
In the western hills have offered 2000 taels
as restitution for the damage to the mls
e!on property in that ' section. There are
many reports that residents of other
towns have offered to or will Indemnify
church people for their losses.
BTTSSIAire INVEST MUKDEN.
SHAKGHAX. Sept. .29.— TbV Russians ;
Continued on' Third Page^
fj SCRANTON.' Pa., J Sept. 30.— At every
'colliery in*; the anthracite" region" a notice
[will be posted Tuesday! morning announc
ing a 10 per. cent-Increase of wages, based
on the present . scale, effective ; October* 1,
arid that thVJfoperators, will arbitrate any
; grievances their.' employes "may ; present.
; There; Is", no ' condition';, to \ be 'as
itolthe* men; retuHiiiTg^toIworktbefore^thei
arbitration • shall • be : in, so' it- is -to bo In-'
Avoid Their Recognition.
Plan \by iWhich 1 , the 1 Operators Could
. Mr. Potter is an officer In the district
branch* of the United Mine Workers of
America. •.. . - .
i The regular. Reading Company advance,
last,half of September, and the' flfst half
of October, had previously been fixed at 6
per cent above' the $2 50 ;basls. The scale
f or f the . preceding .thirty - days r was at > the
$2 basis. ¦ "" The advance of 10 per cent of
fered in the posted notice by the Reading
Co'mpany is "separate and distinct from
the natural scale increase," and hence the
totarincrease to the miners would be 16
per cent. .,
UNIONS MAY-/ TAKE -; ACTION.
'3 Fellow Mine-workers, United Mine- workers of
'America: Do not pay tiny attention to this
notice" posted by ~Mr. Luther 'of the'Philadel
phla and Reading: Coal; and Iron Company, but
wait until you hear from President Mitchell of
the United Mine-workers of America, or un
til . you " have decided by your own locals .what
Is rich t for you to do. . . C. B. POTTER.
Oct.<- 1, •. 19C0.— This company /-will pay an ad
.vance of 10 per cent on- the wages of all men
and boys employed at Its collieries. This ad
vance takes eiTect to-day.
,. -R.-C- LUTHER, General- Superintendent.
Beneath this notice another was posted
which read as follows: , .
The * following ,l notice, bearing ' date ; of
October, l,V*as posted to-day^ In {the",, vicin
ity; of all the collieries of the Philadelphia
and Company/ In' tho° anthracite
!region":J:V'i'^f^'- - ?'' '• wi". ,.:..- '-' v './-. ;
, t Philadelphia ¦'.-and Readinc • Coal . Company,*
President Mitchell • of . the Mine", Workers
received no .notice of the ' intention' of , the
operators to offer -the Increase,' ' JnV wages
and tho Intimation is] thus given . that ' the
miners',- organization will receive no recog r
tiitioh from | the operators. ..../•.'
Whether, the miners will accept: the
proffer of the company, and 'return insuf
ficient numbers to operate the mines^ can
not be foretold; to-night. Reports received
from' several points In the;Schuylkill"re
gion, where' the. Reading collieries are lo^
cated; rather indicate that the mine work
ers will'; follow the instructions >"of : their
organization officials and ..remain- away." •
It Is expected by the operators that this
increase in wages will be satisfactory to
the men, and they believe many strikers
will take advantage of the" offer, and re
turn to work. Mining operations will in
this event be given an impetus,: and the
operators expect there will then be a
gradual resumption until the collieries
will again have their full complement of
employes. " ' . ' '
The Philadelphia and I Reading Company
operate thirty-nine collieries, and of these
twenty-seven have been shut- down owing
to insufficient* working force.
Coal and Iron. Company, and this
move, it is stated, will be followed on
Tuesday by similar notices at every col
liery in the anthracite region.
PHILADELPHIA. Sept. 30.— An ] of T
fer of an increase of 10 per cent
ln : miners' wages was to-day, made
a - by. the Philadelphia and 'Heading
; - HAZLETON. ~ Pa.. Sept. 30.— G. B.
Markle;& "-. Co., have posted a notice "at
all of the firm's. collieries to the effect
Hazletoi^ Firm Isrues a Defiance to
.'¦'';¦¦„;'*¦ the Unions.
Reports from Mahanoy City and other
points in the Schuylkill region indicate
the same sentiment throughout the re
gion. Organizer Potter said to-night that
140 mine employes at Lost Creek last night
joined the union and about the same num
ber added their names to the roll at to
night's meeting here.
WILL; START ATT. COLLIERIES.
SHENANDOAH, Pa., Sept. ¦ 30.— Meet-
Ings of mine-workers were held in various
sections of this district to-night and the
Reading Company's notice was discussed.
The meeting of the employes in this town
was addressed by C. S. Potter, president
of the Polish branch of the United Mine
Workers here and a national organizer.
After the meeting Mr. Potter said tho
strikers in this vicinity were unanimous
in ther intention to abide by the Instruc
tions .'of the National Board of United
Mine Workers. « SKsS
.Strikers Will Obey the Instructions
• . of Their. Leaders.
At Holy Savior Church in this city Rev.
Mr. Curran,' the pastor, administered the
temperance pledge to 800 men who are
strikers. In l!fs sermon Father Curran
advised the men to keep up their good
record and do nothing to disturb the
peace as long as the strike lasts.
MEETINGS OF MINE-WORKERS.
At. St. John's Church. Pittston, this
morning. Rev. Father Garvey, the pas
tor, administered the temperance pledge
to 1300 members of his congregation who
are engaged in the strike. The pledge
holds good as long as the strike lasts.
The day was very quiet at headquarters.
The leaders stayed at home. Those who
visited the meeting place said they had
heard nothing from the national ex
ecutive officers about the holding of a
convention of miners In this city to pas3
upon a new scale of wages which the
operators may submit. President Mitchell
will visit "Wilkesbarre oft Tuesday and an
elaborate programme has been prepared
for his freedom. A mass meeting will
be held at West Side Park and Mr. Mit
chell will be the principal speaker.
WILKESBARRE, Pa., Sept. 3O.-The
mine superintendents who attended the
conference in this city last night declin
ed to say anything further to-day as to
the proceedings.
the Use of Liquor.
Hundreds Promise to Abstain From
f erred- that the men are- privileged to meet
in convention and adopt any plan of ac
tion they may deem advisable before Al
tering upon arbitration. It is supposed
the miners will come together as members
of the union, fix the minimum of the con
cessions they will be content with and
then go forth as Individuals to treat with
their employers through committees of
the employes. Arbitrations being . con
cluded satisfactorily, .if they will be, the
committees of employes will report back
to the convention of United Mine-workers
that they have come to a settlement and
the etrike will then be declared off. This
would avoid recognition of the union by
the operators and at the same time per
mit the union to regulate the terms of set
tlement.
STRIKERS TAKE THE PLEDGE.
Frassi, Refuses Assistance In
His Work.
ROME. Sept. 20.— During th© beatifica
tion of Antone Frass!» one of the first
chiefs of the Order of Oratorlans. at St.
Peter's Cathedral this afternoon, the.
Pope venerated the effigy of the new
saint in the presence of thousands. Ills
Holiness displayed remarkable vigor.. Or- "
dlnarily he is aided in his movements, but
on this occasion he raised himself from
the place of kneeling, made a gesture re
fusing assistance, walked with a firm step
to the altar and - ultimately returned to
bis seat without assistance hgM
During 'the Beatification of Antona
POPE LEO MANIFESTS
HOST •RTnvTA-R.-FrA-pTYE VIGOR
WILKESBARRE, Pa., Sept. 30.— Tho
committee of. operators .here learn that
more strenuous efforts. were put forth by
the United Mine "Workers to-day to bring
men out in the Schuylkill region than at
any time since the strike began.
The report given out that the contem
plated Offer of the company's call for a
5 per cent reduction In • powder Is erro
neous. If any reduction is made It Trill
be uniform, and it is thought the price
will be fixed at Jl 60 per keg instead of
$2 75 as is now paid in tho Wheeling and
Lackawanna region. '
Mr. Harris,sald the Reading Company's,
proposition was not acceptable, as tho
men insist on the abolition of the- sliding
scale. 1. e.. the $2 50 basis. They also de-»
mand a guarantee that the Increase T"*
wages shall be permanent.
General Gobln to-dav ordered tha
Twelfth Regiment home and tho soldiers
will leave here on a special train over
the Philadelphia and Reading Railway at
8 o'clock • to-morrow morning.
It Is stated that ) since tho English
speaking-branch of the ; United Mine
workers - was organized here - last week
150 additional members have been, en
rolled: ¦ ' .
STRIKE I^EADERS ASB BTJSY.
certed action.
From the Operators.
SHENANDOAH. Pa.. Sept. 80.— The- no
tices of the Philadelphia and Reading
Coal and Iron Company offering miner*
an Increase of 10 per cent In wages wero
to-day posted In this town, at ilahanoy:
City and other places. Upon reading tho
notice Organizer Harris, whose headquar
ters are at Mahanoy City. Issued Instruc
tions to the presidents of local branches
of the United Mine-workers to warn tho
strikers against returning to work until
so ordered by the officials of th» union.
Placards were accordingly tacked u?
throughout the district notifying tha ¦-
mine-workers to remain away from tha
collieries until President Mitchell should
order them to work or unltl the local
branches of the union should tako con-
Miners Demand Greater Concessions
WTLI. REJECT THE PROPOSAL
Tfte firm also announces that.." ft *wlll
start up all Its collieries to-morrow morn-
Ing and afford any of its employes an op
portunity to work so long as the collier
ies are sufficiently manned to operate*
them to the firm's satisfaction. The no
tice says the present rate of wages will
continue until further notice.
that, in accordance with the report of the
committee of employes presented las:
nlg-ht, the arbitration agreement between
the firm and the men has been broken and
the contract ended.
Operators. "Reifiise to R©coge5ze tihe Uenoe,
but; .Strikers Will Yield.
• i 5 ¦ r . 7 • '.
Ignoring the miners' organization, the Philadelphia and Beading Coal and Iron Company has
posted notices f offering an 1 increase of lO;per cent in the wages of its men. Similar action will be taken by
other operators in the anthracite region.' The strikers may follow the advice of their leaders and refuse to
return to work.-
MINERS OFFERED TEN PER GENT
INCREASE IN WAGES IF THEY
WILL RETURN TO THEIR POSTS
VOLUME LXXXVIH— NO. 123.
SAN JTRANCISCO,; MOND^Yi tOCTOBER^ 1^:1900. ;
PRICE FIVE GE^STTS.
' Special Dispatch to The CalL
Leader of the Boxers Said to Have Been Sacrificed
• by the Empress Dowager to Regain the
Good Will* of tne Powers. 1.1
The San Francisco CallDR. C. D. CLEVELAND, A DEMOCRAT OF THE JEFFERSONIAN
SCHOOL, WHO RENOUNCES HIS PARTY AND DECLARES THAT
UNDER BRYAN'S LEADERSHIP IT IS NOT WORTHY OF RESPECT.
•hb^ R. C. D. CLEVELAND. an
¦ honored Democrat of the Jeffer-
I fl sonian school and one of the
gjxajf leading men of his party, pro
\ nounc^s in favor of the re-elec
tion of President McKinley. Following is
the text of his patriotic declaration of
principles: . ° ; °* . . * *
SAX FRANCiSCO r Oct. 1. 1930:
Editor of The Call-My Hear Sir: On the
merits of the contention of the Democratic
party 'William McKlnley deserves re-eleqtion
to the Presidency of the United States. • v .
° There is no such thing as, a "para
mount issue." It -is /silly:./. Just ' as
well talk about a paramount organ
in the human body. The heart, brain,
lung's, . are all necessary to physical
entity, but neither is paramount.
There is but one thing paramount in
the United States, and that is liberty,
and every political movement should
culminate, to this end.
Since the settlement of this country by white
people, nearly four hundred years ago. tho
financial system has never been so perfect and
entirely satisfactory as at the present time.
True progress is based on the bedrock of con
servatism, which, properly Interpreted, means
hold on to all the good things you have, and
get as many more as you can.
If any subject approaches paramountcy, it is
the science of national finance, as every busi
ness transaction is weighed by money.
Taking advantage of the experience of the
world in money lore, we have now a currency,
founded on bimetallism, with gold aa the
standard, that performs its functions with
perfection, and defies the criticism of the
world. Thomas Jefferson asserts the historical
fact that a double standard is no standard—
that money made of gold and silver, though
temporarily in ratio, will finally go to their
bullion value. In the early history of th«
country, when the precious metals wer«
scarce, sliver was the standard, and the only
coin that could buy land.
The chemlco-mechanical forces for unearth
ing the precious metals have so augmented
within the fifty years last passed, that they
are, comparatively, plenty and cheap. Gold
may now be the standard. Last year tho
world's output of gold nearly equaled J40O.-
WO.OOO. In the near future, when the South
African gold mines will be reopened, the gold
yield of the globe will reach, at least J500.000,-
W. J. Bryan would wreck our saK
tary, cautiously erected and unobjec
tionable financial system. For this
reason he should be defeated.
The Philippine archipelago is as much the
territory of the United States as Missouri.
There is no such issue as "expan
sion" before the people, j
We have acquired these islands through wise
statesmanship, influenced by the highest sen
timents of honor and humanity.
I The Filipinos have been guilty of the most
Ignorant, ungrateful, brutal, barbarous, treach
erous Insurrection known to history. We of
fered them liberty— Thomas Jefferson's Declara-
I /•
A party that lacks the brains and
the courage to take up the issues
which prcssingly confront the Amer
ican people does not stand for Jeffer
sonian Democracy.
So far from meriting the Indorsement of a
free nation at its Presidential election It Is
not even worthy of the modicum of intelligent
respect. Yours truly, C. D. CLEVELAND.
600 Leavenworth street.
———————
WILL NOT BE A CANDIDATE.
Judgs Bahrs Announces That He Will
Abide by Convention's Decision.
George H. Bahrs, Judge of the Superior
Court, who was defeated for .renomina
tion by the associated bosses, will not
accept an Independent nomination. His
attitude Is thus defined:
Editor Call: I desire hereby to give public
nctlce to my many zealous and enthusiastic
friends, who for the past week have repeatedly
urged me to enter into the race for the posi
tion of Judge of the Superior Court, during the
prenPnt campaign, either as an independent
candidate or the candidate of some prospective
convention, that I have definitely determined to
abide by the decision of the Republican Con
vention. v»
I am deeplyj prateful for the sympathy and
promised support of my friends, but I feel that
I am in duty bound not to yield to their wishes.
By publishing the above in the columns of
The Call you will place under obligations
yours with great respect.
GEORGE H. BAHRS.
San Francisco, Sept. 30. 1900.
tlon of Independence and George "Washington's
Constitution. Digp'.ng trenches for weeke
arourni our encamped army, in the darknes*
of the night they treacherously turned the
5W0 Mauser r!fle3 we put in their hands tr> as
s!s<t In overcoming the Spanish army in deadly
volleys on the brave and generous American
soldiery, who had Just emancipated them,
through unrecorded trials, from a Bloom of
more than SCO years of relentless despotism,
oppression and robbery. These are the people
to whom William Jennings Bryan. Carnegie^
Atkinson. Hoar, Towne <fe Co. have been giving
aid and comfort for a long perio.1 and up to
the present time, while the United States ia s
pouring out hundreds of millions ~ot money
and the nation Is sacrificing, with unstinted
patriotism, the blood of its youthful soldiers
to uphold the authority and dignity of the
country and to confer the blessings of liberty
on an unappreclative population. In the face of
all this William Jennings Bryan cries, with
the voice of a raclntr fanatic. ''Imperialism!"
•• Vassalage!" "Bnnc'»Ke!" and the "Consent
of the governed 1 /' with the Filipinos "the
governed" number about 90,000.000 of people
and a very large majority are In favor of
commanding liberty in the Philippine archi
pelaeo.
•The governed" means all the people under
the constitution, and not an Isolated fragment.
Bryan is a contractlonlst and a secessionist.
He lacks the stufT necessary to make a states
man. A man who has made so many capital
mistakes Is unworthy, and totally unfit, to
occupy the place of President of th* United
States.
Liberty is a political condition that costs
more courage, more brains, more force, more
manhool. fortitude, virtue and money than any
other social state known to man. ;
Stops the Cough.
And works off the cold. Laxative Bromo-Qui
nine Tablets cure a cold In one day. No cure
no pay.. Price a cents-- • Y^ ¦¦¦*'
BOISE, Idaho, Sept. 30.— The ' Ontario
and Burns stage was held up at 9 o'clock
this morning seventy miles out of On
tario ¦ by a lone highwayman. The rob
ber stopped the stage by firing a shot
across the road. He demanded the mall,
which was thrown out. The stage was
not further molested.- It Is not thought
much of value was secured.
ROBBED BY LONE BAJiTDIT.
Shah. *n Turkey.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Sept. 30. -The
Shah of '• Persia arrived here to-day • ami
was received by the Sultan with elaborate
and brilliant ceremonies. "
LIMA, Peru, Sept. 30.— There has been
rioting here to-day as the result of a
scandal regarding the purchase of arms
in Belerlum and alleged fraud on the part
of former Minister of Finance Betaunde.
A crowd threw stones and broke win
dows . of the palace. Soldiery attacked
the mob of five thousand persons and
many were . wounded. Many peaceful
citizens were struck by cavalry while in
the streets near the plaza. • *
' Former Minister Betaunde is now a
prisoner, in Fort Santa Catalina. Several
newspapers of "Lima urge President Ro
mana to resign.
There was a. big demonstration in front
of the President's palace last night. A
large crowd gathered. President Romana
appeared on- the balcony and requested
that the populace have confidence In the
Government and be calm. He promised
that the constitution and the laws should
be obeyed. \
•The President and students of the uni
versity presented a j petition asking for the
punishment of Betaunde. President Ro
mana ¦ replied that Betaunde would be
tried according to law.
The Chamber of Deputies In secret ses
sion,.* yesterday, decided: to deprive Be
taunde ¦ of - his ¦ privileges as - Deputy and
Instructed the Minister of Justice to seize
the . property of Betaunde in a suit for
fraud. ; -3Stt%MtafMWnBWMP$M«ai
Special Cable to The Call and N>w York Her
ald.' Copyright. 1900, by the Herald Pub
. lishing Company.
Former Minister of Finance
Is Charged With Gross
Fraud.
CITY OF LIMA
THE SCENE OF
WILD RIOTS
C. T. Smith of Galveston. one of the In
jured passengers, lost everything ho had
in the ¦ Galveston storm and was on his
way north for a new start in life.
EDMUND ROE, aged 70, a cattleman
from Jonaha. Tex. . 7
The Injured: Edgard Vandever, aged',
from Ray County. Mo., badly crushed aid
may die; James Vandever. grandfatherfof
the boy, arm broken: James S. Lyopof
Guthrie, C. T. Smith of ualveston, R.
man of Ray County. Mo., badly bn/sed;
Thomas McNalf of Derby, Kans», infured
about the head; George H. Willis of Guth
rie, ear almost cut off .by glass; JJdward
H. Cook, president of First Nation*! Bank
of Oklahoma City, badly cut about the
head. /
There were about thirty passengers In
this coacli and all were hurled together In
the roof, of the car. 3 Thooas H. Mayer
was hurled into a lamp .'rame and his
skull crushed/killing him Instantly.
Edmund Roe was crushed and died In a
few moments. / .
THOMAS II. MAYER of Oklahoma
City traveling agent for a St. Louis hard- )
ware firm. " /
GUTHRIE, O. T., Sept. 30.— The Santa
Fe through express for Kansas City was
wrecked fifteen miles south of here this
afternoon by spreading rails and the bag
gage and express cars derailed, the smok
er thrown off and turned upside down and
the day coaches partly derailed. Two
people were killed- and a dozen or more
Injured, all' passengers in the smoker. Tha
dead:
PASSENGERS
MEET DEATH IN
TRAIN WRECK
_j — _»
Santa Fe Through Express
Is, Derailed Near
Guthrie.
Interesting Facts Just Brought to
Light by a Letter to His
Wife.
LONDON, OcL 1.— An interesting re
port comes from Komatlpoort : to the ef
fect, that Mr. Kruger, in a letter to his
wife announcing that - he is going on a
six months' *. holiday, said. - In substance
that after the capture of Machododorp he
knew- the struggle was hopeless and coun
seled . moderation, but that Mr. Steyn'a
'.'arbitrary : behavior overruled his ; coun
sels." . - • :• ¦ - -. /. .-• 7.--^-".-— v-^v-vv
- ¦ . m ¦ ¦ , ¦ -•: '
° 1S99— Money orders issued, 5224.958 3<S;
money orders paid, $217,524,991; total,'$442,
493.654." ' ¦.-.." ° .
1900— Money orders issued, $255,670,077;
money orders paid, $249,120,280; total,- $504,
790.312. .v - ¦ * • . ¦• .
This is an Increase In one year of $62,306 -
949, or over' 14 per cent. It is the largest
Increase in amount and in percentage that
has ever occurred: in the history of the
postal service. The auditor estimates the
total receipts and expenditures f or . ; the
fiscal year >1900 . of the postal service at
$210,064,163. The grand aggregate of money
transactions of the postal service, induc
ing the money order system, will thus be
approximately, $715,000,000.
*
KRUGER HAD LONG AGO
SURRENDERED, ALL HOPE
WASHINGTON.' Sept. 3).— The Postofflce
DepartrVnt has Issued a. tabulated state
ment of the money order, business of the
• country for, the fiscal year which ended
June -30 last. During the year 33.163,050
money orders were Issued In the United
States. The total transactions, as com
pared with- the 'previous year, aggregate
as follows: •
Year Shows Great Increase of
! ? i'ir°. Business.
Report of Auditor for Past Fiscal
BERLIN, Sept. 30.— The most striking
feature of the Bourse last week was the
smoothness of the monthly settlement. Not
for years had Berlin seen such an easy
September settlement. Yesterday private
discount fell one-eighth, which is very un
usual at the end of September. The mar
ket expects the reichsbank to be able to
meet all money demands for the next ten
days without raising the rate, which is
also something of a phenomenon, not hav
ing occurred before for five years.
The Bourse was somewhat more agi
tated than usual <¦¦ during the week. A
sharp rise In industrials occurred on
Wednesday owing to the scarcity of
shares for the carry over. This was not
maintained, however, and the week closed
-vith this department of the market show
ing a decline.
Generally speaking, the trading was de
cidedly in favor of the bears. Imperial and
Prussian funds suffered severely through
the announcement that Hamburg had de
cided to raise a loan of 40.000,000 marks,
choosing the 4 per cent type. A similar
.depressing Influence was exerted by the
intimation that the Saxon Government
contemplates a new loan at a higher In
terest than the old 3 per cent. The week's
decline in imperial threes was 90 pfennigs
and in Prussian .threes 100.
The first quotation on the Berlin Bourse
of the New York German loan was 100.
There were heavy private and public
sales of iron and coal shares during the
week owing to unfavorable reports from
the iron centers. Hank stocks suffered se
verely from a bear attack, the bears ar
guing that the banks are overloaded with
industrials, now heavily depreciated and
unsalable. It is also pointed out that the
refusal of the provincial bankers to use
the Bourse register, which occurred fre
quently during the week, must reduce the
business of the great banKs. o
The decline 'i in Canadian Pacific and
Northern Pacific was followed at thcerd
of tho week by a. strong recovery, the
market beingrcassured by the ready ab
eorptlon at New York of the German of
ferings. I ; o
« The Dortmund Union Iron Works has
reconsidered the recent decision to Issue
new shares to the c amount of 10.000,0)0
marks. Debentures to the amount of
6,000,000 marks will be Issued instead, and
the financial press expects the 5 per cent
type. , -- '..'¦>
In the Saigen department the pig Iron
syndicate has been renewed for two years.
Germany's pig iron production for August
was. 722.244 tons, .as against 681,651 tons In
August c of last year. The output broke
the record.
POSTAL DEPARTMENT IS .
IN EXCELLENT CONDITION
Meet Demands Without Raising
Rates.
Reichsbank Probably Will Re Able to
BERLIN MONEY MARKET
. IS UNUSUALLY EASY
CHIEF OF POLICE STANFORD
OF VALI^EJO. "WHO WA3,
BADLY BEATEN. ° °
they say Is his duty in keeping a close
eye on the resort. What the ultimate out
come will be can only be conjectured but
more trouble is expected in the near fu
ture.
VALLEJO'S POLICE CHIEF
ASSAILED IN A SALOON
He Forces His Way Into the Waldorf to .Quell
a- Row and Is Beaten by the;-;/
Proprietor. * '¦.'¦[
Fires Once at His Assailant
but the Bullet Flies
WjH.
Two Men Have Been at Odds
and More Trouble Is Ex
pected in Future.
Sr^clal DlFpatch to The Call.
VALLEJO, Sept. SO.— In a row in
the Waldorf saloon at an early
hour this morning Chief of Po
lice Stanford was . severely
beaten by the proprietor, W. R.
Acock. The Chief fired one shot at his
antagonist, but was blinded by blood, and
the bullet flew wide of its mark.
For pome time past. or. In fact, ever
clnce the Police Department was Installed
under Chief Stanford. Acock and Stan
ford have had more or less trouble, Acock
insisting that Chief Stanford keep out of
his saloon, and Chief Stanford taking the
ground that he must, in pursuance of his
duty, oversee every place of the kind in_
town. Early this morning Chief Stan
ford was on duty, and was informed that
trouble was brewing in Acock"» resort. He
immediately proceeded to investigate. At
the entrance of the place he was stopped
by Acock, who said he should not enter.
Stanford forced his way In. and on the
inside was assaulted by Acock, who used
the butt of his revolver for a weapon,
and inflicted a severe though not danger
ous « iund upon the scalp of the Chief
of. lr-<-iice. '
At this Stanford drew his revolver and
fired one shot at Acock, who' was being
held by some of the men who stood about
the barroom. This was the only shot
nred during th# melee. Chief- Stanford
was seized and held by onlookers, who
feared the affray might end In the death
of one of the combatants.
Officer Scully, who was also on duty,
heard the shot, and hastened to the re
sort. Vpon reaching the place he was
ordered by Stanford to place Acock un
der arrest, which he did, but not until
Acock had put his revolver into the
hands of a friend and gtanford had pock
eted his own. Acock was taken to jail
and charged vrith assault with a deadly
weapon with Intent to murder.
Two thousand dollars was set as ball,
which was at once furnished.
The story of the trouble does not come
as a surprise to those who have watched
the conduct of the Waldorf of late. While
neither party cares to discuss what J will
be done In the matter, the Chief stolidly
maintains that he will do what he con
siders his duty, guns or no guns.
The affair has been the general topic of
conversation in Vallejo to-day, and there
Is considerable difference of opinion.
Acock's friends hold that the saloon has
been conducted in an orderly manner, and
the Chief should not have Interfered. Oth
ers commend the Chief for doing wliat
Xted&res He Comes Not to Interfere
in American Politics, but to Pre
sent the Claims of His-
People, c
Special Dispatch to. The Call
2CETV YORK.'Stpt. 30.— Sexto Lopez,
formerly private secretary to Aguinaldo,
no*" a well Known defender of the cause
of the Flllpinoe, landed to-day from tha
Cunard line steamship Campania. He
was greeted by Fi*ke Warren, an antl
lmperlaUst of Boston. With Mr. Warren
wa* a Mr. George, who declined to throw
light en his own identity.
Mr. Lop.cz is *hcrt and slender, and is
In appearance a typical Japanese. He has
high cheek boner and h:.~ face tapers so
and his chin is so pGlnted tr.at it suggests
a pointed beard, im wears a flight inus
t&che and was dressed in darx material.
Immediately upon nis arrival he was
BU.rro9a.acd by rt-port*rs and it developed
that he had prepared a statement for the
newspapeie. As it tiia not, however,
answer all of the many questions flung
at him, he asked that the questions bo
¦written down, paying he wouid-add to his
statement such un&*~erf: as .he was pre
pared to make. He gave out the follow
ing statement In tne afternoon:
"My object in coming to America is not
to interfere in American politics, but sole
ly to tell the American people what the.
Filipinos desire in reference to the future
government of our country^
"It has boon said that my coming to
America is in the Interest of certain per
sons and politics. Wo. as Filipinos, know
no party in the I'nltod States. We have
only one desire — namely, to secure justice
for our country. Those who desire to
give us Justice will no doubt be glad to
know the wants and conditions of the
Filipinos. All that we want is peace with
Independence and with' honor to both
parties, and we hcoe to be able to thow
that conditions 1 In our country are such t
as to fit us for the maintenance of that
independence. The only additional matter
tO which I will refer is the publication of
my wor* on the Philippines. It U : chiefly!
a reply to the Schurman Commission's!
report and will contain the views of the%
Filipino? on past and .present > events,' |
with notes on the history and '. Hhno'- .•]
grarhy of our country. andit>eople'.T .1:-- ]
When first asked ar the -pier.if .he wdtiia ; !
Fpeak for Bryan In the/ campaign;- h> de- !
cllned to answer. Asked if he knew i
Bryan he said that he did not, but he had '
met McKlnley in Washington. He would i
not say as to whether he expected to !
xn*»«>t Mr. Bryan.
With Mr. Lopez was his private secre
tary. Thomas P. Patterson of Brisbend. I
Que*»nFland. Australia. He seemed hugo- I
ly amused at th* questions asked as to
his nationality and obtained additional
amusement by Informing the different
interrogators that he was Australian.
Irishman and Scotchman. Mr. Lopez took
tne 3 o'clock train this afternoon for
Roston. Before loavir.gr h<> said he did not
,fear any violence from Americans.
HOW LAWTON DIED.
Private Mayhue Says He Was Killed
by a Deserter. „
SALT LAKE. Sept. 30.— L*>.on Mayhue.
a private in Troop I, Eleventh United
States Cavalry, who returned from the
Philippines^ to-day, was present when
Genera! Latrton w>s killed last December
near San Mateo. He taw the shot flred
and declarer that the man who aimed the
rlfie wac « deserter fiom the American
army. He said:
'•General J.awton took Troop G. Elev
enth Cavalry. ai» *oouts when he came
down from the north to capture San Ma
teo. He planned the battle for December
19 and on the right before, at 11:30, we
proceeded toward the town, traveling
twenty-three jniies. We reached th« out
skirts of the city at daylight and firing
began about 8 o'clock.
"I was with the Fklrmlsh line, within
fifty yards o'.<>nfr«l Lawton. and we
¦ eaw a man In black trousers showing con
spicuously amorig the white uniforms of
the insursrent oJScere come out on the
tower of the church. He surveyed the
ground on which we etood very carefully
then raised blf musket and iired. At that
Instant General I^awton who was dis
mounted, moved his hand across hi? face
as If to brush away an insect and sank to
hip knees. • .
"We found in the church about 103 yards
of telegraph tape which. Interpreted,
Fhowed that General Pilar and an Ameri
can had been in command of the Insur
gents. That r.ight word was brought in
from the Insurgent line that they intend
ed capturing Lawton's body. We knew
that had there not been an American In
That church who saw him fall the Filip
inos would not have known he was dead."
OFFICERS HELD IN SERVICE.
MacArthur Refuses to Present Resig
nations of the Volunteer Officers.
Epedal Diiratch to TTi»» Call.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 30.-Volur.teer of
ficers »ervir.e in the Philippines are not
allowed to resign their commissions.
General MacArthur has declined to oon
cldor many resignations that have been
pubmitted to him for transmission to the
President on the ground that the services
of the officers cannot be dispensed with
and that they must remain on duty until
discharged. Tho War Department has no
information of the exact number of .vol
unteers who desired to return home but
it understands that it was large and 'that
volunteer regjirients would quickly have
become demoralized had any disposition
to accept the resignations been shown.
The department has for good and suf
ficient reasons accepted resignations of
pome thirty volunteer officers during the
past fiscal year. But three officers of the
regular army have resigned their commis
sions.
SAN FRANCISCANS LOST.
Filipinos May Have Caught John
McMahon and Ralph McCord.
MANILA. Sept. 30.— The Filipinos in
the vicinity of Manila have been more
quiet of late, although last Wednesday
night there were brisk attacks at Las
Mnas and Paranaque. south of Manila,
as well as outpost tiring at Imus, Bacoor
and Muntin Lupa. The American officers
are satisfied that the alleged axnigos liv
ing In and around the towns in question
participated in these attacks.
Official reports have been received of
Insurgents activity In Zambalos Privince
and in Batangas Province. Two nklrm
lshts occurred during. the week 'on Bicol
River in the province of South Camarlnos.
It Is estimated that the Insurgents lost
ninety killed in the various districts.
Two civilians, John McMahon and
Ralph McCord of San Francisco, who
started on a business trip for Vlgan and
Bangued. in northern Luzon, have not
been heard from for three weeks. ' It is
feared they have been killed or captured
by the Insurgents.
QUARHEL OVEE A BILL
MAY RESULT IN MURDER
"William J. Hum Shot by Dr. W. F.
Lee, a Prominent Physician
of Nebraska.
OMAHA. Sept. 30.— A ppecial to the
World-Herald from Beatrice, Xebr.. says:
"William J. Hurn was probably fatally shot
this afternoon by Dr. W. F. L*e, one of
the most prominent physicians in the
State. The two men roomed In separate
apartment* In the Darts block. As Hern
was passing Lee's door the physician
mentioned a bill against Hum for eer
vlcee, and a quarrel ensued. Hurn struck
at Lee but missed him. Dr. Lee drew a
revolver and fired. Hurn staggering back
into his wife's arms, shot in the rlgrht
brea6t. The bullet entered the lungs and
Hurn is not expected to live through the
night. Dr. Lee gave himself up and wa*
released on baJ-
FINANCIAL STATEMENT . OF
THE GALVESTON FUND
Governor Sayers Announces That Up
0 to Date $672,476 29 Has Been
Received.
AUSTIN. Texas.. Sept. 20.— Regarding
the contributions for the Galveston suffer
ers Governor Sayers to-day gave out the
following statement:
"The amount of money" received by me
up to noon September 30 for the benefit
of the storm sufferers is $672,476 z.$. This
sum Includes $SS52 59 that remained in my
hands of the fund contributed., for the re?
lief of the Brazos River Valley sufferers
last year. It also Includes all drafts and
authorization* to draw and which are in
transit and are yet uncollected.
"This statement. It must be bortfe in
mind, embraces only moneys and "remit
tances that have been made to me direct
ly and also all that for which I have 0 been
authorized to draw.
"During the present week I will sub
mit to the people of the United States a
full and complete itemized: statement of
the moneys that have come to my hands,
giving the name and source 'dr< each con
tribution and also the manner in which
the sum in total received by me 'has been
expended and distributed. . .
"Every portion of the storm-stricken
district is beiiiff provided for." „
TWO MORE DEATHS AS THE
RESULT OF THE STRIKE
Fatalities Attend "Shooting Affray
o Between Union and Npn
• • Unipn Molders.
CLEVELAND. Ohio. Sept. 3O.-As a re
sult of the shooting affray between unipn
and non-union mdlders last night ttfo
more men are dead. They are Henry Cro-'
nenberger. who cdled at the hospital last
night, and William Steffield, who died to
day. Cronenberger was a o union mdlder.
Steffleld was a bricklayer a°nd had no part
In the fight. °
Cha'rlcs Peek, a non-union man. Is under
arrest charged with the murder of De
tective William L'.Foulk, who was shot
through the heart.
; Paul Irving, Thomas Jennings, Edgard'
Mclntyre and WHlis Webster, also non
union men. were arrested on the charge of
Ehootlng with intent to kill.
Bank of Spain Reports.
MADRID. Sept. 30.— The- report of the
Bank of Spain for the week ended yester
day shows the following: Gold : in * hand,
no change; silver In hand, increase 528,600
pesetas; notes in - circulation.' . increase
2,561.000 pesetas; Spanish fours closed yes
terday at 79.25; gold was quoted at 30.65. •
It was beginning to be recognized that
something- was needed to give strength
LONDON, Eept. 3O.-It Is officially
announced that Lord Roberts has
been appointed commander-in
chief of the British army.
Although the fact thati the ap
! polntment had been made was! already
j known, the formal announcement Is hailed
Lby the Unionist party as- "a vwelcome
f pledge that army reorganization"; will be
j carried out In the most effective man
i ner. ¦ =
. The Times In an editorial reference this
morning to the aopointment of Lord Rob'r
erts as commander in chief hints that
Lord Kitchener will come home to assist
him at his new post. "• .? ,° . ° V. • . ¦
to the Unionist campaign. Accordingly
semi-official announcement that George
Wyndham, Parliamentary Under Secre
tary of State for War, In his speech . at
Derby to-morrow will outline the Gov
ernment's scheme of army reform and
that the War Office Is arranging with
Lord Roberts for the return of a larg*
portion of the army in South Africa. 1 have
been made. , " s-
FIELD MARSHAL LORD ROBERTS, TVHOSE APPOINTMENT AS COM
MANDER IN ¦'CHIEF OF THE BRITISH ARMY HAS BEEN OFFI
CIALLY ANNOUNCED IN LONDON.
ger.' 1 ° . -
• While' this speech was being made Mrs.
Cbrbett was smiling radiantly upon her
husband. Concerning the charges that he
had arranged with McCoy in advance of
their fight for the latter to lose, COTbett
said: - - •
"That Is a He. Mrs. Corbett listened to
this story as she did to others, and while
in a state of hysteria/ repeated It. She
knows now that it Is not true. She knows,
tod, that I did not go with another woman
to England." . v
Later he was taken to thQ Cadillac Hotel.
Mrs. Corbet lecelved word that her hus
band-was In the city, rnd before he had
time to recover his land legs she was
with him at the hotel. Their greeting foi
each other was certainly of sufficient
warmth to convince those who saw It that
their recent differences were the result of
a misunderstanding c and that neither was
serious In demanding a separation. So
secretly had the meeting between the
pugilist and his wife been arranged that
the latter's attorney knew notning of
what was golngon. A;- Hummel, who has
had charge of Mrs. Corbett's legal affairs,
was convinced that his client would never
again receive her husband. Mr. Hummel
said: * " »
"Corbetf would have been arrested to
-day had not his friends promised that he
would accept service In his wife's suit for
divorce to-morrow. Now, to prove that
Mrs. Corbett 13 determined to be rid of
her husband forever, here is a statement
which she has authorized me to give to
you: 'This, late-day repentance of Mr. Cor
bett may fool the public, but it will never
fool me., Take this from me as final— I will
never have anything to do with Mr. Cor
bett again. He may make all the promises
and protestations that his glib tongue can
suggeet, but it will serve him nothing.
When he left me In the manner he did,
without a word of notice, that- ended our
association as rnin and. wife forever—for
ever.'-" » % '•"-" V ° •". .
When "seen by a representative of The
Call Mr: Corbett leaned across and patted
his wife's arm affectionately.- saying: ,
¦ "Let your eyes tell you whether Mrs.
Corb'ett, and I have parted; ¦' We had a
•misunderstanding and each spoke In an-
NEW YORK, Sept. 30.— Jaines ° J. Cor
bett arrived on tjie Campania this "morn
ing 1 . A few, hours later he effected°a re
conciliation.;-.with q his wife, .who had
brought "suit for divorce. >c Happy and
smiling, as lovers from the country, they
dined .together at Rector's' last evening
and . later ; oc<^ipled a box at Koster ; &
Blal's music hall. "Charles ("Kid") McCoy
and his wife occupied another box there.
Bronzed by the sea \ breezes Corbett
strode down the, gangplank of the Campa
nia this morning to receive a welcome
home from a half-dpieniof. his personal
friends who mot him at the pier. Corbett
was driven to his saloon on Broadway.
CORBETT AND
HIS WIFE KISS -
AND MAKE UP
Reconciliation Follows the
Pugilist's Return From •
, o Europe. 7/- • . '.
Friends Arrange ° a Meeting • and
Within -a Few Hours After His
*•¦ . ¦ • . . . . ¦ ¦
¦,'; .; Arrival AIL Differsnces ••.'.¦ '
"° ' ' ' ' Are c Ad^usted. ._¦.:' ' .'*¦
o o ° Special' Dispatch to The°Call.. '-,*¦_ ;'
t Orient
Aguinaldo's Former Secre
tary . Arrives From the
HEBE TO PLEAD
THE CAUSE OF
TIE FILIPINOS
Official Announcement of His Promotion
i Made by the London -"War Office.
LORD ROBERTS NOW
COMMANDER-IN-CHIEF
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAIiL^ MONDAY^ OCTOBER 1, 1900.
Dn G D* Cleveland* Out, for McKinley-
Democracy Lacks Courage to Face Issues*
JEFFERSON DEMOCRAT
LEAVES BRYAN PARTY
2
METAL.
Extra linotype ard stereotype metal. Paciflo
Metal Works, 137-9 First st., San Francisco.
OILS.
LUBRICATIXO OILS. LEON" ARD A ELLI3.
413 Front St.. S. F. Phone Main 1703.
PAINTS.
Cylinder & Lubricating Oils. Schneider's Mining
Candles. C G. CLINCH & CO.. 9 Front, a P.
PRINTING.
EC HITUHFQ PRINTER.
t« nUUllCd, 5U Sansome St.. 8. V.
£)«««. Sj.rm»torrh»s
aftsSlpin l to 5 aar-« nno.tsnl <ii»
te/SW ocanatw U charjeg, or anr laCt-nma-
Wibf ooi to k-Ii^ tion, i irritation or nicer*.
l^jjpnnoii »r«ll»«. tlon of la a co at men*
Sffit rHEEvMS CIEMISnna fc r»nf«. Moa-Mtrlmrns.
X&&<+LlSj&£Xm £7~ 8Ipr *' s L Drfpald^ tat
*»^33gyg? l V^ H C4rriii*j Nai m«iSs«ik«4
n*j**f k feSfiu^J cas 1 ? of aczeiaa
Price 25 centa. All <*uggists. or sent post
paid on receipt of »rice. DR. PAUL. DB
FORD, 175 N. Sprtr/ St.. Los Anjjeles. CaL
F*AI1\1LESS
i^^^^^^^ Our $5.03 Plat**
rjJLi* 813*4 GEAKY STREET!
Between Hyde and La-'kin.
Telephone Polk 113S.
PALACE AND
GRAND HOTELS
The best evidence of the popularity of
these hotels can be found in tha continued
patronage of those who on tome previous
occasion have made them ' their head*
quarters when visiting San Francisco.
Connected by a covered passageway and
operated under one management on tha
American and European plan.
iHUSEUH OF AHATQHY
9 £2> 1551 KiSSZrst. let- fii*:ti.C.r^l.
V Pf^ Tbe Largest Anatomical Museum In tbe
m --JL Wertd. Vt e*Ca<^s» or a.iy contracted
V 32r }?*«$ disease p*-»IU»r'7 cured hy itx- oiattit
9 iff? fait S>p;aili»t c» thi. Coau. EtL)6yauv '
h iwfvl WLWRBAH-PRiYAIESISEASES
\ P^?1»£B&!» Co.i»ult3tion frm and strictly priv»:»
A 1 xSvlf PI Tn uncnt personally nr by >eti«r. A
\ B W M n *¦»• •*'-•• Curtin every eaavosilertakan.
A to if II if. Wim fe> Brak. PUILOSIiriV (I
¥ ¦ ff TaaanMCK, mailed #aaa. *A
A fl IL «!uaSI« book for mra)
V OB. XOBD A5T <ft CO.. VOX UarSret St. . S. F.
visit OR-
JORDAN'S srcat
OPTICIANS^o^A^^W..
642 Market 5t. instruments
•j.sotR chuoxku BUM.DIN&. CATALOGUE FBCl.
Aa we make them are perfectly eomfortabl«.
Don't nip, tip or slip, all with the- new dip.
attached to any old pair for 60c.
Oculists* prescriptions filled. Factory oa
premises: quick repairing. Phone Main 10.
Pretty
Eye-Glasses
PRINTERS. BOOK BINDERS.
THE HICKS-JUDD CO..
23 First st., San Franrlseo.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Telegraphic PtDTDITIftP 30 * Callfnrnl*
Codea. rAMIKiUuE street.
TOTE 15H STEAM COAL. Sg^JJ
DIAMOND COAL MIXING CO.. at its OREKN'
RIVER COLLIERIES. Is the I>st Coal In th«
market. Office and Yards — CO Main street.
$1 pep Year.
THE WEEKLY CALL
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTKRS THE
great Mexican remedy; gives nealth and
strength to sexual organs. Depot. 23 Market.
Dr. Bennett's Electric Belt
Makes weak men and women strong and •tron*
men and women stronger. Rooms 5 and 6. 41
Post st. San. Francisco. Cal.
DR. CROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For the cure of GONORRHOEA. GLEETS.
STRICTURES and analagous complaints of tfaa
Orirans of Generation.
Price II a bottle. For «ala by drngglsf.
A ¦ ¦ a ¦ £>l Hunters' Equipments,
illB^HC" Flshingr Tackle, Athlet-
¦ ¦ a |&3 lc Goods, etc. Bedrock
SHREYE, 733 Ma:ket stl
/AM. X. HESS.
HOTj*? P03LIO A:O ATT0aN£T-AT-t4W.
Tentl-'Floor. Room 1013, Claus Spreckels Bids.
" Telephone Brown PCI.
jjildence, £21 California st.. below Powell.
San Francisco.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
ATTORNEY.
r. H. MERZBACH. lawy«r. 503 CaL. CIonl» bd.
COAL, COKE AND PIO IRON.
j.c wilson & co. xrM&
COPPERSMITH.
r W SMITH g k'P Plumblntr. Steamboat and
V« !?• JJlHIl- Ship Work a specialty. 16 and
IS Washington st. Telephone Main 5611.
ELECTRICAL.
D. D. WASS.
Electrical Engineer. 38 East st.
PRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JA^ RflYF^ £ C'i Sn'PPln* Butchers. tM
J«> DUICjCSWJ- Clay. TeL Main 1294.
OALVANIZINO AND METALS.
M'fsr. ft Dealer la Metals & Galvanizing. JOHN
. FIN'X MKTAL WOP.KS, 315 Howard st.
DR. MEYERS & CO,
j«tt> Established
Consultation
wl^f?3ill^ 73/ Market St.,
"^ San Francisco.TIENTSIN. Sept. 28. via Shanghai, Sept.
30.— The . Chinese abondohed arid loote 1
Tongschan ostensibly because their wages
Tongschan Looted by Chinese.
fSBr- '' Ministry. H
YOKOHAMA, Sept. 30.— The Mikado has
summoned Marquis Ito to form a Cabinet
owing to the resignation of the Yamagata.
Ministry! "When" entrusting the task to
the new -Premier his Majesty said that aa
affairs iri China were entering upon the
diplomatic stage the presence of Marquis
Ito at the head a of the Government was
necessarS\
Summoned by the Mikado to Form- a
been packed and labeled, and Is now
awaiting, transportation to, Russia. • On
the second. attempt the white pagoda and
two adjoining temples were-raied to the
ground." . *
ITO TO HEAD NEW CABINET.
• NEW YORK. Sept. 30.— The Cunard Una
steamer Campania, which arrived early,
this morning from Liverpool and Queens
town, twenty-six hours late, was delayed
by a dense foe. during which the engines
were slowed down.
by the Campania.
Reason for the Slow Passage ITada
WAS DELAYED BY TOG.
.bought other stocks, becaus* X thought it a
sood Investment. I have been buying and.
selling stocks for years and expect to continue
doing so. And why does Roosevelt make ma
and other Democrats who were Interested In
the company the target at whom his expletives
and denunciations are leveled? Why does not
he attack the Republicans -who were Interested
In the lee trust? The officers and director* of
the Ice trust and many of .the stockholders ara>
Republicans and personal friends of Roose
velt. In fact, they are the very men who were
responslble for the nomination and election of
Roosevelt as Governor and for hla nomination
as Vice President.
Why don't he attack his friends who created
and maintained the ice trust and who alone
were responsible for the advance In the prtc»
cf ice? Why does he harp on the Ice trust
anyhow? As Mr. Bryan says, the Ice trust 1*
purely a local affair and Is not a national
issue at all. The Democrats arc engaged In a,
bitter and relentless warfare against all trusts,
but It seems that Roosevelt can se« no ham
in any save the Ice trust.
LONDON, Oct. 1.— According to tfia
Hongkonr correspondent of tho Times,
the Rhenish mission at Tungkun. on tha
East River, has been destroyed.
Fall of Kirin Dae to Orders Issued
by Prince Ching*.
LONDON. Oct. 1.— A dispatch to tHa
Times from St. Petersburg confirms tho
report that tha town of Kirin surrender
ed to the Russians without a shot on
peremptory orders from Prince Ching.
The dispatch says that if similar orders
were Issued in regard to Mukden tha
Russian conquest of Manchuria will be
complete. According to the same author
ity, no further reinforcements will bo
required by the Russian commanders in
the Far East.
Rhenish Mission Destroyed.
SURRENDERS WITHOTJT A SHOT.
were In arrears and they feared a Rus
sian attack. General Sir Alfred Gasoles
is going to "Wei-Hal-WeL
" W.. R. .Toung has .been appoInted°super- =
intende.rit of . its . coal agencies | in Qallfor
nia.hy the Pacific .-'Coast' Company. He
succeeds Robert 'Husband, recently pro
moted to. the position of. manager. of the
company; • ...:;.• . ¦; .,¦..-¦¦
W. Jt Totmg Is Superintendent.
"MILWAUKEE, Wls.. Sept- 30.— A recent ope
ration 'for. 'cataract performed on the : eyes of
Judgo James. G. Jenkins of th« United States
Circuit Court, has been a complete. Buccess and :
the jurlstts. eight, so long threatened, has been
restored. Judge Jenkins will be able . to re
sume his seat on the bench In about a weelc.
MADISON," ". Wis., Sept. SO.— The Board of
Regents of the' State University to-day Issued
a statement announcing th« temporary 'retire
ment of Dr. . Charles Kendall Adams as presi
dent of the university. • Dr. Adams Is given a
vacation for a term of one 1 year on account
Of poor, health. . Dean E. A: Birge will be the
acting . Dresiden.t ; of t the lnstitption.^^g^g|
NEW YORK, Sept.' 30.— Former Congressman
BrlKham Roberts of Utah, one of the presidents
of the seventy In charge of the propaganda of
the faith of the Latter 'Day, Saints, spoke at
the Amphlon Academy, Brooklyn, to-day. This
wafc his first address in this part of the country
Blnco he was". barred . from Congress. -Tho dis
course was ' an- ' argument for the doctrine of
tho •' JJatter Day • Saints. . .
Richard, Croker ..to-day devoted some
time to- reading the telegraphic reports of
the 'speech Governor Roosevelt -made last
night at Kansas City.. In which the Gov
ernor attacked.. the New York Ice trust
and mentioned Mr. Croker and other New
York CLty Democrats" by name as being
Interested in It. After reading the speech
Mr. Croker said: "
They niust be yery hard pressed. Indeed, for
something to talk" about when they : aJtempt to
make me or my connection with the Ice trust
a national Issue. I bought stock In the Ameri
can Ice Company, for tSe :am« reason that X
Attorney 'General Davis will not take
any action on Mayor-Van- Wyck's answer
until. Governor Roosevelt returns.
. Ice Stock.
NEW YORK, Sept. 30.— The World will
say- to-morrow:- Mayor Van Wyck's an
swer to .the charges of violating the law
by. Investing in the securities of the
American Ice . Company will be In the
hands of Attorney General Davis at Al
bany to-day. ¦
lated the Law" by Buying
Reply to the Charge That He Vio-
ANSWER OF MAYOR VAN • .
"WTTCK IS" PREPARED
Railroad.. arrived at' the- Palace yesterday
from a visit of inspection over the \une.
Mr. Hammond, who is. president of the
road, says that it. is now in active opera
tion and sixteen trains a day are running
from Aroata to Trinidad, Crescent . City
and Eureka. Of these twelve are freight
and the, other four passenger trains. The
construction^ the Jetties in Eureka hdr
bor has resulted In .thirty-six -feet 'of-wa
ter above' the bar, which makes the har
bor one of the finest In the world.
Mr. Hairrmond, Is also owner of the As
toria and Columbia River rdad, running
from "Portland, Or., to 'Astoria, and also
the Corvallis and Eastern -Railroad, both
of which are well patronized. He wa<
formerly connected- with the-, Missoula
Mercantile" Agency," but . is now devoting
all his time to railroad enterprises. After
a flying trip to -New York; he will return
to Eureka with a .view to extending his
road to tha redwood 'sections of the
county. ..-.¦-¦ *¦ . .
: o - c ¦ : .""¦¦ ¦
ETJItEKA EAILKOAD • IS\ " ;-.••
IN-ACTIVE OPERATION
President A. B.. Hammond-Arrives
Here -After Inspecting the Line, .
Which Will Be Extended.. •
A. B. .Hammond, who recently pur
chased the Eureka anil Klamath River
Bryan's strength is made up of the al
most solid South, excepting West Vir-
Kinia flSO Electors), and of Nebraska.
Colorado and Utah. Bryan to win must
knock the apparentlv solid Republican
column literally to pieces. Even If he
Fhould carry all- the doubtful States. In
cluding Indiana, and add Illinois, West
Virginia and Delaware to his list, ho
would have only 222 electoral votes, or five
Ipss than a majority of the electoral col-,
lege. Thie Indicates that to • be elected
Bryan must carry New York. c
The Herald, in order to ascertain the
drift of the campaign, has h"ad men at
work In all the States that have i>een con
cidcred doubtful. Careful Inquiry, has been
made in Indiana. Illinois, 'Kentucky, West
Virginia, Maryland, Delaware.. KanBas,
North and South Dakota. Ohlo.c Idaho,
Montana., Wyoming. Colorado and the Pa
cific Coast Btates. ° Investigations of con
ditions in New York State have" also been
made with a view to 'testltrg the Demo
cratic claim that this State.-is doubtful.
There are no slcns on the surface to indi
cate that New York Is doubtful. NoLuing
ehort of a political revolution can give it
to Bryan, and nothing portends-such a
revolution at this utage of thecampalgn.
According to the Herald's correspond
ents McKinley will bold ali the States he
Thore are only three States abcut which
the Herald's correspondent will no* hazard
on opinion. These are Indiana. Idlho and
Montana, with a total of twenty-oi* elec
toral votes. These States are clas^d as
doubtful, and the report of the Heiald's
conservative correspondent, who has just
been through Indiana, is printed to-da£
MeKinley's strength comes from 'he
New England and Middle States, Includ
ing Delaware; from the middle Wester*
States, Including West Virginia and exV
eluding Indiana: from the far Western
State of Kansas: from the Northwest, in
cluding the Dakotas and Wyoming, and
from the unbroken Pacific Coast.
¦ CANTON. Ohio. Sept. 3O.-The day was,
almost without incident for President and
Mrs. McKinley. During the morning the
President drove about the city for a time
With guests and later the President and
his sisters attended church. During- the
afternoon another drive was taken and
tl'e remainder of the day was spent in a
quiet family visit, interrupted . several
¦times by • persons = who Wanted to shako
liH . . .¦
President Sees Visitors.
win, an old classmate at. college.: He at
texded services at the Pilgrim Congrega'—
lioial Church and listened to a s^rrmon by
Re\\ Alexander Milne, pastor of the
churph. -.He Is spending the night at West
Superior, across the St.- Louis River in'
Wisconsin, and will make the first speech
of the i day In that city to-morrow morn-
Ing at 7:30 o'clock. After that. speech he
will return to Duluth and will speaft both
in thia city and 'in West Duluth. The
other points at which speeches are" to be
made during the day areall in'Mlnhesota
and' are as follows: Carlton, Hihcklev,"
Pine City, Rush Cityi North Branch,'
Stillwater, White Bear. St. 0 Paul and Min
neapolis. The 1 two last named, places 'will
be visited at night. " „ '
•rived here early this morning and spent
ie day as a guest of State Senator; Bald-
DUL.XJTH, Minn., Sept. .30.— "W. J., Bryan
College Classmate.
Spends the Sabbath With a Former
"I have never denied that "interview.
In fact, what I said about Croker and a
Cabinet position has been substantiated
during the past week. I knew what I
was talking about when I said that Bryan
had promised Croker the naming of: one
of the Cabinet officers. I know that
Bryan has promised J.o- let Croker 'dis
tribute the Kederal patronage lri - New
York and if Bryan Is elected Croker -can
put former Senator Edward Murphy In
Bryan's Cabinet. . . . •. • -. . ,
BRYAN VISITS AN OLD FRIEND.
Referring to his recent interview Jn this
city. In which he was quoted as saying
Mr. Bryan had promised to let Richard
Croker name one of the men of the Cab
inet if elected, Senator Hanna said: ¦
CLEVELAND, Sept. 3i).-i-Senator Harina
arrived here from New York this :mprn- ;
ing and left to-night for Chicago. i : It. I?
his purpose to return to New York; : abdut.
the middle of October, but he expects to
be in Chicago the closing week of I the
campaign. In an interview Senator Han
na said he was pleased with the p'utlook'
in New York, where things were looking;
better than a month ago. ; ; : r . : ;
Hanna Reiterates That Crokeri.Is
Promised the Naming of 4-
Cabinet Officer. .; -:
REPEATS THE CHARGE.
'WICHITA, ' Kans., Sept. 35. —Anna
Schiiell, a waitress .in a restaurant here;
packed her bagsage last riiRht and jump-:
ed in a' boxcar bound for San Francisco.
She will go to Peking, China, to marry her
lover, Ching • Foo, a Chinese coolc, who
formerly worked -here. %
Recently Mfes Schnell received a letter
from her Chinese sweetheart- inclosing
money to pay her fare from San Francls
to Peking. She told h'er friends in the
'Palace restaurant that' she was going to
marry- Ching Foo. "When the proprietor
heard of It he dismissed her. She did
not have sufficient money to pay her fare
to San Francisco.- go .she packed her
trunk, shipped 1t by express and aiv
nounced her Intention to -travel as. a fe
male tramp to the Pacific Coast: Sev
et-al of her waiter friends went with her
to the" Santa Fe freight yards and helped
her to find a suitable boxcar. _ Tp a re
porter she said: . ' ' °
"I am determined to marry my Chi
nese lover, and I do not care who tries
to prevent It. I will 'bum' to San Fran
dsco, and use the money Chlng Foo sent
me to go on to China." . ; .
:- .
Special ] Dispatch to The, Call.. •
Wichita Girl . to Join Her
< : Slant-Eyed' Fiance '.".
at- Peking. '. ['. '.
GOES TO WED
CHINESE LOVER
Continued From First Page.
DEATH OF PRINCE
TUAN BY POISON
mass at the Notre Dame des Vlctoirea
Church, on Bush street, yesterday morn
ing, his Grace Archbishop Riordan con
firmed a large class of children. His re
marks were brief, as he was indisposed.
The altar was beautifully decorated for
the occasion by Miss Mary Hoffman and
P. Donahue .with beautiful white chrys
anthemeums and rose?. Miss Emillo La
coste stood as sponsor for the girls and
H. Lavaux acted In the same capacity
for th« boys. The high mass was cele
brated by Rev. Father Rulquln. Father
Hornet, pastor of the church, was master
of ceremonies. Rev. Fathers Mulligan.
Hyaclnthe. David and Emanuel assisted
In the service. The following children wera
confirmed:
Boys— Emile Rlirue. Bernard Br>nnecarrere,
Rudolphe Chapdelalne. Emll Cazeau. Hanrt
Dajrneau. Pierre Ibos. Jean Lahallle. Edmond
Pradel, Bertram Medus. Albert Peter. Mariu-i
Soulaees. Robert Saint Denis. Paul Service.
Mathieu Blanc. Henri Eutzer.. Al?p?d RIapand.
Albert Lapachet. Leon Boulanyer, Albert B!an
chard. Pierre Marc. Jean Lazrove, George La
poalide. Eugene Plerret. Constant Simon, 'Willy
Edsar. Adrlen Banchou. Alfred &erven. Charles
Cblebault. Geonre Robert. Ernest Slerre,
George Barron. "Willy Lamtran. Luclen Be
noitt. Eugene Brunet, Jean Slerrea. Justin Vaa
Bronchette. Frank Polldorl, Charles Bernla.
Alfred Dreyaer, Joseph Jaussand. Pierre Belle-
Karde. Jean Rey. Adolphe Chase. John J. Mol-
Ban, William Aloysius Raxun. >
Girls— Celeste Amede*, Araths Ernnet. Ca
mllle Broulllard. Concelta Davis. Irene Cazeau.
Mathilda Dolron. Annlta Davis. Ernestine Go
deau. Lade Glesse, Emma Hestln. Vlctorlna
Scoffler. Lucie Crouette. Nelly Tabbri, Augus
tine Crouette. Marie Bordenave. Claire Borel.
Emila Pedrata, Irma Oasse. Josephlnn Jacqne
met. Alice Clavere. Lea Cauvet. Genevtevo
Bassot. Florentine Earth. Dora Van der Nn.il
len. Ana Krlner. Alice Louit. Clemence Sar
met. Enaorna Berta, Elizabeth Oodon, A lies
Brouillard, Josephine Tula, Josephine Robin.
Scolastlque Glscard. Amelia Cr»>ulHes. Emma
Robin. Jeanne Bordenave. Juliette Paulina.
Alice Gigr>n, Ida Balkin, Eliza Vaisslrere.
Marie Marc. Ourlella Van Bronchont, Helena
Laversgne. Helen Delsol. Marie Calver. Celina
Peramont. Pearl Beilhes, Josephine Heusser.
Blanche Beilhes. Rossle Caccia, Auguatln*
Kancural.
services began shortly after 4 o'clock and
when the deep tones of the organ rolled
out the voluntary every seat In the
church was occupied and the aisles were
filled with friends of the children, who
devoutly followed the service. After the
children had sung "VenI Creator" his
Grace the Archbishop entered the sanc
tuary and Invested himself in cope and
mitre. The children approached iae com
munion rail, the boys first, followed by
the girls, and reverently knelt while the
ceremony of anointment was enacted.
After the last child had returned to her
pew Archbishop Riordan made a fe,w re
marks. He intended making an extended
address, but was deterred from doing so
on account of a severe cold, with which
he has been suffering: since his return
from Rome. His Grace said:
""My dear children, I wish to congrat
ulate you and j-our pastor upon the beau
tiful church that you worship in. My re
marks must be very brief, as I have a
severe cold. Keep on in your good works
and all work to wlpa the debt off your
church so that it may be a monument of
love to our holy religion."
At the close of the Archbishop's re
marks solemn benediction was delivered
by Rev. Father Cottle of St. Brigld's
Church.
The following priests were in the sanc
tuary during the ceremony: Fathers
John F. McGlnty, pastor of Holy Cross;
Lagan. Mulligan. Connolly, Hogue, Har
vey,. Brockage, McCue, Comfard, Sulli
van, Sampson and Ryan.
During the service Miss McCloskey and
Miss Frost sang, Professor Wood Brown
presiding at the organ. Those confirmed
were: - ; .U'r
Boys— Charles Patrick Hardlmann, "U'illlam
Joseph Boyle, ; John Daniel Connelly, Clayton
Henry Swanson, Henry Francis McGrath. Wal
ter Joseph Cook, Timothy Aloysius O'Leary.
Joseph John , Sardella, Charles Joseph Welch.
Edward Joseph ..EnrlRht, "William Sylvester
Boyle. ilaurfpe= Edward' Harrison, Vincent
Valentino Hardlmann, "William Ignatius Pow
pr». = Walter r Aloysius Kelly, John Patrick
O'Keefe, Slaurlce Aloysius Ahem. John Joseph
Mansean, Francis Joseph Byrne, John Anthony
NEW YORK. Eept. 30.— Another over
whelir.ir.ging .victory for President Mc-
K3nley in th> electoral college is fore
ehadowed in a poll of States made by the
Herald. As. shown by the table below, 258
electoral votes seom to be assured to the
President— only thirteen less than he're
coived in 1^5... with Idaho, Indiana; and
Montana doubtful. Mr. Bryan seems ias
evred of only.lCS votes, eight less xbjari'he
received in 1S36: ¦ ' •' |
But, as pointed out, the Democrats to
succeed must make other gains from the
Republicans than from Illinois. Mr. Bry
an ha* only fairly started on his speaking
campaign; He has great faith in his per
suasive eloquence and expects to set the
earth on fire this month. David R. Hill,
says Bryan, is going to steadily grow in:
strength and will be elected. Wnat-arp
apparently reliable estimates at "¦. present
may have to be revised after .Bryan's
Eastern tour. . . . - : ".':'¦': '¦ '
. ; The- : wor?t : situation for the i^epublicans
is in Cook County, Illinois, where Chicago
is situated. The Republicans expect Cook
County to go against them because of
labor troubles in the buildin? trades.
Cook County went for McKinley In 1S36 by
f9,677, but Illinois outside of Cook County
gave McKinley 72.S21 plurality. The prob
lem now is to have the vote of Chicago
¦swamped 'by the farmer vote of the rest
of the State. : =•
The: best Information obtainable is that
the R>publicar.s have no chance whatever
to .carry' MlEsouri, Colorado, Utah and
Nevada, which they are claiming, and
that the Democrats have an equally hope
less prospect in their efforts to break into
the States of New York/' New Jersey or
Connecticut.
Brvan. :on the -other hand, will hold the
States, he had In 18% with the exception of
Kansas. South Dakota. Wyoming and
Washington, which are now reported rea
sonably certain . to cast their electoral
yot«s : for 'McKinley. and Idaho and Mon
tana, which are conceded to be doubtful.
carried in 1S96 excepting Maryland avid
Kentucky, which Bhow an Inclination to
p-o for Bryan, and Indiana, which is uoubt
ful and is' the scene of a desperate polit
ical conflict;
NAPA,' Septr 80.— The Republican Joint
Senatorial Convention of Napa and Lake
counties met at CalistQga yesterday and
nominated Robert Corlett -of Napa for
Joint Senator. Mr. Corlett Is 'a member
of the State Central Committee from
Napa County and has for years been sec
retary of the County Central •Committee.'
His-" opponent Is Samuel W. Kenyon of
Calistoga, who is. engaged in the . hotel
business at the latter place. ' Kenyon was
nominated by • the Democrats last."Wed
nesday. Napa and. Lake counties com
prise .the Seventh District,' •
' ; and Lake County Republicans.
Special .Dispatch to The CfclL
Robert Corlett the Choice of '• Napa
¦' : KANSAS CITY, Sept.- 30.— A.' quiet day
wasi' pass.ftd by the' Roosevelt party at the
•Midland Hotel. 'Governor' Roosevelt had
intended .to' . attend' the. Dutch Reform
Church- in this =ci.ty this morning, but
ifound thalt church closed temporarily on
account- of the absence- of the pastor.
Thereupon he accepted. an Invitation to aU
;tend :the .services at the Westminster
Presbyterian Church, Rev. W. P. George,
pastor. ' On his return he. expressed great
satisfaction at the eermon he had 'heard.
•During the afternoon he was driven to the
Country Club, where he mounted a horse
and took= : a gallop, alone, through the
¦country roads. " At-1 o'clock he met. the
¦newspaper men of his party at the hotel
and- immediately went to dinner with
United • States : Senator Beveridge of In?
diana. . In the afternoon he' was enter
tained at the home -of W. H. Nelson, edl
.tor-of the Star. In the evening 1 he entered
¦his' private car: "Minnesota, much re
freshed by the day's rest.
' The special train is scheduled to arrive
at -Falls City, Nebr.. at 8:25 to-morrow
•morningr, where a meeting -will he held.
October. 1-, 2, 3 and 4 will b^ spent in Ne
¦bra'ska, 5th will be. spent -in Iowa,
'.He is- duj* in Chicago 'on October 6.
JOINT SENATOR NOMINATED.
:Mucli ; Refreshed :by -'iHia- Sabbath
Rsst in Kansas City.
: Al'speclal train has started :.from the Pa
cific' Coast with : delegate?;' $.h& a special
will leave NfW -York- to-kiorrow evening
with New York': arid New; England dele
gatesl- ¦ j •; • : '- •.-'• : " '/"'I • . . '¦ ' .
QUTET ; DAY FOB ROOSEVELT.
Mayor Tagerart will. welcome the dele
grates.:-\V r ednesday morning and President
¦Hearst Will : respond:. ¦ Arrangements for
"pntertainingr'-the. crowd • have been com
l>leted,-.and there will, be- ho discomforts.
;Arriiprig:the clubs! that .wHI be : here In a
Ibody tire the Cook. Goun.ty. /Marching Club,
:Ohic.ago; •" Duckworth. Qinb; : Cincinnati;
.Jacjtson Club,;; I^afayette; ' Louisville
Club;.. Jackson Glub of Terre
Haute; the South Bend Jackson Club; the
iColumbus, Qhlo, Democratic- Club. .
Among the speakers who have notified
the committee that they will be here are:
"W. J. Bryan. Adlai E. Stevenson, Bourke
Jockran, Sigmond iCeisler of Chicago;
Dr. Senner, New York: Patrick O'Farrall,
Washington, D. C. ; William Sulzer. New
York; James K. Jones; George Raines,
New York^Benton- McMillan, Governor
of Tennessee; Augustus Thomas, New
York;. Georgo B. McLellan, New York;
James Hamilton Lewis, Washington; M.
L. Lockwood, Pennsylvania, and Antonio
Zucca, New York.
Mr. Bryan will probably. speak on "Wed
nesday.' ¦ : •: :
INDIANAPOLIS. Sept. 30.— The first
session of the National Association of
Democratic Clubs will bo held "Wednesday
morning in Tomlinson Hall, and three
sessions a day will bo held, the closing
meeting to be held Thursday night. Wed
nesday night will occur the parade. In
which It Is estimated 20,000 men will
march. Estimates on the crowd are as
high as 50,000. National President Hearst
will arrive to-morrow night.
Fiist Convention.
National Association to Hold Its
hands anfl whom the President met on the
front porch.
DEMOCRATS TO ASSEMBLE.
Special Dispatch to the Call.
President Seems Certain of- Ty/o Hundred and Fifty-Eight Votes
.;., ; :i : in : ; tHei Electoral Colleger i".";.; ".•.: • . .
CONFIRMATION AT NOTRE DAME
At the close of the celebration of high
Gepree Anthony WaJsh, Oliver Matthew Pres
ton. Henry Patrick Murphy, Walter Au«rustlno
Johnston, Francis Aloysius Collins. Edwartl
Aloysius Coclrane. Aloysius Albert Grace.
John Joseph Fitzheney, Ignatius Joseph Me-
Hugh, Joseph Aloysius O'Connor, Raymond
Dominie Nolan, G^orre Peter Nlsson. Peter
Joseph FiUlppl, Emtl Joseph Moore, Huch Jo
seph McLane. Herbert Joseph Hunt. 'William
Christopher Ipnatlus Walsh. John Lawrence
McDonald, Joseph John Dailey, Adam Ross.
Oirls— JoseDhlne Berradette Simi. Eleanor
Genieve Gelmann, Lillian Mary Stedman. Ma
bel Gertrude Castillo. Mary Evangelist Hoff
man. Josephine Agnes Burnett, Catherine. Ma
rie Powers, Julia Marie Howard. Loretta Ce
celia Manlon, Irene Evangel!?: Geimann. Agnes
Itaelda - Carey. Gertrude I^oretta MacDonald,
Mary Helen Mcnonald. Mary Teresa Clancy.
O'enevleve Mary Keardon. Manraret Bernadetta
Mainiire. 'Mary Loretta Fltzhenry. Ethel Cecelia
Nolan, Mary Elizabeth Lavelle, Manraret Mary
Mahon?y, Elizabeth Veronica Golden. Mary
Catherine Danehy, Catherine Mary Eoyle. Cath
erine Irene Egan, Romana Mary Mulqueen.
Catherine Mary Bvrne, Sarah Josephine Roo
rey, Ellen Martha Hall. Margaret Clara
Kearns. Julia Loretta Manseau. Mabel Philo
mena Cass, Georsina Margaret McLean, Ellen
Alphonsus McDonald. Mary Bernlce Cochrane.
Ada Helen Conlln. Anne Magdalene Samuel,
Mary Gertrude Rickard, Florence Mary Daly.
Julia Cecelia McCann. Jane Catherine Quis
ley. Alma Cecilia Welsh. Mary Jowphina
Kenny, Mary Agnes Kane, Loretta Zlta O'Con
nell. Agues Dorothy Cram. Margaret Ursula
Mehcgan. Elizabeth Agnes Keegan. Margaret
Llquori Reynolds, Edna Gertrude Sullivan. Ed
na Constance Murphy, Gertrude de Sales Hoff
man. Mary Imelda Shea, Anne Frances Arata,
Mary Grace Hurley, Letltla Angela Hoffman.
Dorothy Loretta Gardella. Catherine Raphael
Golden, Sarah Irene Nolan. Grace Joachim
O'Brien. Irene Frances Danehy, Catherine
Mary Nelson, Mary Josephine Cass, Hanorah
Imelda Kenny, Gertrude Rosalia Ryan. Mary
Clare McLean. Catherine Madallne Hanley.
Mary Virginia Starkweather, Annie Mary
Meajrher, Catherine Zita McGee. Katharine
Mary Feeney. Mary Josephine Carroll, Mar
garet Rose Maley. Dullvata Vencentia Gla
vlnovich. Bridget Ellen Mack. Margaret Lentln
Clare, Mary Agnes Teresa Miller.
OVERWHELMING McKINLEY VICTORY
INDICATED BY A POLL OF STATES
ARCHBISHOP RIORDAN ADMINISTERING THE SACRAMENT OF CONFIRMATION TO A LARGE CLASS OF
YOUNG PEOPLE IN HOLY CROSS CHURCH. THE LITTLE GIRLS DRESSED IN WHITE MARCHED UP
TO THE^LTAR AND RECEIVED THE BLESSING OF HIS GRACE. •_ •
Christ,- but accorSing to- the present trend
of thirrgs the world, is in a fair way to as
sert'it's-i-nd-epeniience of .the- church and to
Team of Christ direct; In truth, the church
needs .to cast off much of 'its heavy tog
gery of dogmas and traditions, and to re r
vise: its ideals and objects.' and methods,
and' .also to quicken its pace, if it is to
keep-.its: place in the- lead' .of the world's
moral. progress." '. • / ... . •'
Ffanclsco-'s many Sunday- 1 fads. '=of which
-much might .be said. The -espenitial trutlis.
of. Chi-jsiianliy. ¦ however, 1 ¦ coiisti.tute-" .a.
rmire.Tjoteiit ; factor In the: wor 1»3* s ..life tp- 
da'y than ever before. Christian common
•sense has- infected the business world and
•the social .artd political' life ofoUr civiliza-.
. t'i'on with, an infectioii that ls;bpu : nd- ttf
. E'p.roadj : ." ; -. r. . • " : . ': .
.'VThe church Introduce^ ; the .' world to.
REV. SAMUEL SLOCOMBE,' WHO HAS RESIGNED PASTORATE OF
•¦ FOURTH CONGREGATIONAL .CHURCH. BECAUSE OF- A- DIFFER
- ; ;ENCE OF OPINION REGARDING FtTTURE POLICY.. •„ ; *V
.:'¦: • • ¦ I ¦ . . '• (PljDtb. by ' BurshnelK) . . • •
"To this same cause might be aJttrlb
tited the flourishing condition ofSan
affairs ar.d manifold interests to fight
6hy of it, to the injury of all con
cerned. • : : ; - :
are g-etting farther and farther apart.
"Churches, which shou:d be so many
centers of active xnoral force and
far-reaching • spiritual beneficence, are
often more like hospitals for moral in
valids or homes for thp feeble-minded.
The soothing j=vrup of consolation is pre
;errc5 to xhc tonic of truth, and the min
ieter who can be a pleasing nurre has his
kinds fu'.i. On the other hand, the earnest
cai! to li'Jty rrd vigorous action in the
great cor.f.Ict between good and evil is for
f:otten before !Tt is well uttered. It either
alls on soporific ears or it is discounted'
ss rrofesslonal enthusiasm, hollow and.fn-.
eir.cere. •:;'= ;
"In truth, '-tb-ere is a deplorable £lr
cf unreality about our cnurcb.; lXfe^
¦which causes practical men of largos
that cturchianity and Ccristianity
yesterday. * •• »
Mr. Elorombe was connected with the
Fourth Congregational Church for two
year*. It was a temporary arrangement
at first, but later became more permanent^
Jn the- future policy of the church, how
evcr, the pastor's ideas and ili?s« of th*
church managers differed, bo. Mr. Slb
ecmbe (Seemed it better to "cfTcr'hls resig
r.atlcn. There Is no feeljnp ' Lffhoen 'p.iP
tor and manajror?. ana Mr. Elofeoqjbe hiis
'placed blosett at the prrvifes 0 of th<?
church until a new j pastor can be pro
cured, but has fevered nil official connec
tion. It wa* his Idea tr build up the.con
ereg&tlon by a more aggressive policy
tbao that purourd. but the managers
feared the flaancia! problem a change in
policy would necersarily Involve, and so it
was decided ttat no ..change should be
made.
Mr. Elocomt-p has business Interests in
addition to Ms pastoral cutle3, and for
pome tirce he hns been wishing to see an
opportunity of leaving the pastorate with
out Injury to the church. The difference
of oplr.Joa on policy has made thl3 possi
ble. MF*«
In £!• farewell sermon yesterday Dr.
Eloccnibe delivered .himself of opinions
that axe bound to create a buzz of com
jrjent. not only In his own consrepation.
but In church circles generally. He said
"WfcUe I have no desirs to indulge
In a tirade ag-aiast the churcbes, I
must confess to & j^ro-wing conviction.
THE Hev. Samuel Elocombe-has re
dgred the pastorate of the Fourth
Congregational Church. He
preacheo his last ferrnon as pastor
Tke Re\A Sanrwiel Siocombe's Ser\satior\al Statement
¦•*•;. • ;7rorr\ tKe Pulpit irvj-l is Fare Well 5errr\or\.
' Tho new bill which opens at the Chutes
to-day promises' to be "one of' the best
ever seen' at' that place. The new faces
are: Jessie Padgham, the celebrated so
prano; Arnold Grazier and Hazel Calla
nan, Annie Goldle, coon . shouter; John
Pamplin. Juggler, and Zoyarro and St.
Clair. The rest ofthe bill Includes the
best numbers from last week's pro
gramme. "V'^'.-;
Walter Walker and his company opened
a week's engagement at the Alhambra In
"That Man" at the ? . matinee . yesterday,
playing to a goodly sized audience then
and at night. The play is a farce comedy
abounding in amusing situations.' It takes
its title from the character of Theophilus
Montjoy, '-, "That Man," who becomes
a professional "Jealousy- arouser" in tho
Interest of wives neglected by their hus
bands. Walter Walker takes the part
cleverly, and Percy. S. - Sharp as Squibs
portrays the English servant excellently.
Mildred St. Pierr.e is pleasing in the part
of the girl who masquerades now as a.
French singer, now as a Spanish dancer
and again as an. Italian painter, ensnar-.
ing the while the husbands of the women
who employ "That Man."
Eddie Foy Is In town again with a new
farce — "A Night In Town." He opened, to
a full house last evening at the Columbia;
one fringed with latecomers around the
side aisles and the foyer and a '.'standing
room only" sign at the box office after 8
o'clock. He was enthusiaBtlcally-recelved,
and those who were waiting to see him
saw the same old Eddie Foy that has been
responsible for so many overworked
laughter muBcles and broken waistbands.
There is not much to "A Night -in
Town" except Eddie himself, but thero
are some clever things tn which he gets
good assistance from his company. The
vivacious Miss Tanguay divides honors
with him and Charles A. Mason as Dr.
Adam Krautensauer makes a third mem-'
ber of the company worthy of distinction.
Foy is David Bcarem, a victim of the ci
garette habit, who is under the care of the
German doctor. The complications he
weaves around himself and the others
give three acts of laughable nonsense
punctuated with some bright songs and
lively dances. The songs are good and
new, and one of them, "Ma Zulu Babe,"
is of the kind that lasts. It is a catchy air
and will become popular. Charles K.
French as Horace Williams and Ida Prin
gle as his wife furnished the only plot to
the piece, a surreptitious trip to' the
"French ball" by each unknown to the
other, although Foy complicates matters
by falling In love with Mrs. Williams in
his own peculiar fashion. May Whiting
takes the part of a deaf mute in love
with David and also that of Celeste, the
dancing girl that raised trouble for Wil
liams and for Josiah Leonard, his father
in-law, played by Joseph Standlsh. There
is a shrewish mother-in-law, a terror from
the Wild West, and all the farce comedy
the three acts will. hold. The piece will
run a week. , * :• *
Querita Vincent will be. at the Olympla
this week.
Fischer's CQncert house announces as
new attractions Moll and Moulton, Carroll
and Robert Ellis. The De Gosco brothers,
Antonio Vargas and Mae Tunison are
among the holdovers. . . ;
The Alcazar Theater announces for the
week's bill "We 'Uns of Tennessee," a
military comedy drama by Lee Arthur. It
is said that the piece has made a' hit in
New York, and with the present good
company should repeat its Gothamite suc
cess at the Alcazar. : >
The Tivoli Opera-house is to the fore
this v.-oek with a varied bill, no less than
four operas being on the programme.
Chief .in Interest among these is "The
Huguenots," perhaps the most Important
of Meyerbeer's operas and which has not
been heard here for many years. A fine
production is promised, and with the
Tlvoli's conscientious attention to detail
is. assured and the full cast required will
give opportunity for the' hearing of a
lnrge contingent of the clever principals
of the season.' Th* list of singers includes
Berthald, Ferrari, i Nicolini, Schuster.
Stewart. Graham and Repetto. "Carmen"
will be sung on Wednesday and 1 Saturday
evenings. withSalassa and Russo in the
cast. "Faust"' and "Mignon." will. make
up the rest of the bill.
The chnrua fell lamentably short in
places and the orchestra did fairly well.
For to-night "Aidn" has bpen announced
in place of "Lucia," to give Mme. Bruni
an opportunity for further rest.
Of course, "Carmen" is "Carmen." The
witcheries, treacheries, sudden passions
and indifferences of. the fascinating Span
ish Jade are the play, and Jt.ls fortunately
so In this instance,' for only Carmen ner-
Belf was happily suited ;to her part,- But
what a Carmen! Abs/jlutely the best, we
have had here for lo! these 'many y#ars.
A true contralto voice, round,, full, flex
ible, of exquisite' timbre and lending itself
superbly to the fascinating Collamarmi
conception of the part, it leaves nothing
to be desired. The singer looks the part,
too, is most .picturesquely gowned and
twirls the castanets like a true daughter
Of Spain. Her dance. is a delight and a
revelation. Castellano falls short in the
Don Jose interpretation; he seems to be
out of sympathy with the role and did not
at all act up to the bewitching cigaretto
girl. He sings in' a desultory sort of
fashion and, ' except in piaces, his fine
voice is rarely heard to advantage.
Bellagambo's toreador — Escamillo — la
good, but by no means equal to hla mag
nificent Amouraso. "The 1'cre.ndor" sorijj
w&3 given in line style, but the voice
seems slightly heavy In the more florid
passages.
The audience was again disappointed in
the expectation of hearing the principal
lyric scprano of the company, Turconi
Bruni, who is Ftlll indisposed, and Sylvl*
Puerarl took her pnrt in Micaela. Fueran
has a light, fine voice, but was excusably
uncertain in her rendering of the part.
¦ - ¦ ¦ •¦¦¦••, ;v ;¦•:-: v
. Last night at the 'California Theater
the r Azzali Grand Opera Company ap-
Ipeared.in "Carmen" with Estef&nia Col
! lamarlni in the name role.
.Eddie Foy Opens Crayly to Crowded
House-rFour Operas to Be Given
: -\ fhis Week, at the
. Tivoli.
Collamarini in Name Role
Captures a ; Delighted .
Audience.
CARMEN SUNG
BY THE AZZALI
OPERA TROUPE
¦wr jr IS GRACE ARCHBISHOPRIOR-
B n n4\» nrimfT'f«!te.r-ori tVi«» .„!.„,.
r 83"! t™«, «^ ; « ?i 8°i emn
| S sacrament of confirmation to a
& B class of nearly two hundred. In-
el eluding a number of adults, at
Holy Cross Church, on Eddy street, yes-
tercay afternoon. ,
The handsome edifice was beautifully
decorated for the occasion, the high altar
beine a most imnoslne- ilirht with it<»
a most imposing Slgnt WItn US
many lighted candles and the.reredos
banked with deep red carnations. The
Byrne." William Aloysius ConHn. WllHam Jo
rseDh McGreary, John Joseph O'Brien. WH-
Ham Aloysius Kar.e. Alfred Augustine Espl
tallier, John Joseph Mehe^an, Walter Aloysius
DIckson, Rerno John Sbarboro, Thomas Mich
a^l Mulcueen, Thomas Leo Goodman, Charles
:#£-£ 1^^™*^^?^
Clark, John Bernard Doyle. Thomas Welch.
George Aloysius Catlett. Richard Joseph Tay
lor. Henry Joseph Daly. Joseph Aloysius Bank,
Davl d James Arata, Jeremiah Jerome Clark,
wimam charleg Thornton. Sylvester Aloysius
O'Brien. ~v/nHam Patrick Rickard. Thomas
Ignatius McCormick. George Daniel McIIugh.
/irckbisKop Riordarv Administers Solemrv Sacramerv
to Ghildrerx at Holy Cross 'and Notre Dame.
IMPRESSIVE CONFIRMATION
SERVICES IN TWO CHURCHES
"CHURCH AND CHRISTIANITY
ARE BECOMING SEPARATED"
THE SAN FRAKCISCO CALL, MO1STDAY, OCTOBER 1, 1900.
• ¦•
3
Probable I C : •
Vote In s Vote In
1900. & W36-.
i ? i .? I THT
KT A TT1 ' .
, fciATE. •
' : '? i . ! r i
Alz
.. S . .:.... : : S
¦».¦
.. » ............ «.l:l.
::.....-« -..:;,...._ ? .<
¦necticut ...
:r- v ....:. « .-...
r>"\
:: s :::::: ::*¦::, .,.:...
::...:.. 4 :,...: 4
• « n
G~
irg-la ....i,.,.
10a
' 13 15 l.iill"
I it 1 I -It • I •
•• 53 I? •••-•-
r.s&s —-..
- W 15 . 1
llsiana.
::.::::.i- ¦% :::::: ..r... «
Ka
Ha
"ft "I « — ...
..' s -. «
ssachusetw
rfctgan
•• » "
3r*-sot* :
- » -,- »
» »
•i ::::::.« :::::::::::: n
Mn
:::::::: — .-. ..:..:::::: i
«• Hairpffhlr'
w Jersey.,..;
w York
::i*v...t..i::::-:: —i" ...:..
..I w- io
•- A 36
SCfl
rth farollna
-!-A n. u
Me
<>h
On
T<
] :v.
rth 3>ako*_a..
10 .;
*ron i
insyivar.la ,.
o4e "Islan'l .
ith Carolina
.. 3^..:....::.:: 3 ..::..
.. 23.\.....i a
-I < l\ J 4
:¦: 4 .\::.j:::::: < ::::::
• — ••• » »
Tta
IV
t:t
>U
•r.
•x
fa
:T
ith Dakota...
lTl«>Sfi«?« ......
cati
ih „.
rrnont ••
.. 4 ...\. ..:...:::::: i
i:\L..: 12
.. 15M 15
- 3 I. 3
• ? •••••>. 4
¦Rlnla .......
iFhlnirton ..-
•Ft Virelnl*.
sconFin
•omir.g
Totals .'.....
:: -r SiM S
i. 12 ...»». 12
3." X 3
.. 1CS 21 \ 271 176
Probable I C : •
Vote In s Vote In
1900. & W36-.
i ? i .? I THT
KT A TT1 ' .
, fciATE. •
' : '? i . ! r i
Alz
.. S . .:.... : : S
¦».¦
.. » ............ «.l:l.
::.....-« -..:;,...._ ? .<
¦necticut ...
:r- v ....:. « .-...
r>"\
:: s :::::: ::*¦::, .,.:...
::...:.. 4 :,...: 4
• « n
G~
irg-la ....i,.,.
10a
' 13 15 l.iill"
I it 1 I -It • I •
•• 53 I? •••-•-
r.s&s —-..
- W 15 . 1
llsiana.
::.::::.i- ¦% :::::: ..r... «
Ka
Ha
"ft "I « — ...
..' s -. «
ssachusetw
rfctgan
•• » "
3r*-sot* :
- » -,- »
» »
•i ::::::.« :::::::::::: n
Mn
:::::::: — .-. ..:..:::::: i
«• Hairpffhlr'
w Jersey.,..;
w York
::i*v...t..i::::-:: —i" ...:..
..I w- io
•- A 36
SCfl
rth farollna
-!-A n. u
Me
<>h
On
T<
] :v.
rth 3>ako*_a..
10 .;
*ron i
insyivar.la ,.
o4e "Islan'l .
ith Carolina
.. 3^..:....::.:: 3 ..::..
.. 23.\.....i a
-I < l\ J 4
:¦: 4 .\::.j:::::: < ::::::
• — ••• » »
Tta
IV
t:t
>U
•r.
•x
fa
:T
ith Dakota...
lTl«>Sfi«?« ......
cati
ih „.
rrnont ••
.. 4 ...\. ..:...:::::: i
i:\L..: 12
.. 15M 15
- 3 I. 3
• ? •••••>. 4
¦Rlnla .......
iFhlnirton ..-
•Ft Virelnl*.
sconFin
•omir.g
Totals .'.....
:: -r SiM S
i. 12 ...»». 12
3." X 3
.. 1CS 21 \ 271 176
— "The American Porter" — possesses a mellow
flavor peculiarly Its own and la Unlike any
other brew on the market, whether of foreign
or domestic production.MONDAY ...............OCTOBER 1, 1900
JOHN O. .SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager. ;
MATVAGKR'S OFFICK Telephone Pre»»aO4
PUBLICATION OFFICE...M«rkel find Ttolrd. S. K.
Telephone Prens 2pl.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Steremon St.
Telephone Press) 2O2.
Delivered l»r Cmrrler*, 15 Cen«« Per Week.
SInjrIe Copleit, S Cent*.
Ttrm« by Mall, Inclmlinsr Pontnffet
I">A.II/r CALL, flneludtn* Sunday), one year IS.00
1»AILT CALI. (includlrus Sunday), 6 months a-W
I>A1LY CAUL <Jncludln»r Sunday). 3 months 1.60
ItAILT CJUX-By Single Month . e ;'?
SUJCDAY CALL, One Year *™
WEEKLY CALL. One Year 1-W
All portuiuMtvra nre anthorized to receive
unltfiorlptfons.
Eample copies will be forwarded when requested.
Mall subscribers ifc or<WJr.s change of aSdreM should be
r articular to elve both NEW AND CLI) ADDRESS in order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAJvLAM) OFFICE 111S Broadway
GEOnGE C. KROG\ESS,
f.'&na£er Fo-eign Advert sing, Marquet e Building. Chicago.
(Lions Distance Telephone "Central 2618.")
tCEVr TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTOX Herald Square
XITW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEX B. SMITH 3O Trlbnne Bnlldlnff
tCKW TORK NEWS STANT>S:
U'elflorf-Actona Hotel; A. BrentaBO, 21 Union Sijuara;
Murray H1U Haul.
CHICAGO NEWS BTAXDS:
Bheraan House; P. O. News Oo.; Great Northern Hotel:
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C> OFFICE. . . .1400 G St., ST. W.
MOHTOS E. CRANE, Correspondent.
BRANCn OFFICES KT Montgomery, corner of Clay, cpen
until 9:CC> o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until 9:29 o'clock. €15 Larkin. open until
»:30 o'clock. liMl Mission, open untit 10 o'clock. 2561 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
until 9 o'clock. :06 Eleventh, ope*i until 9 o'clock. NW. cor
rwr Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
MISS EDNA HOPKINS AND
WILLIAM TAYLOR, WHOSE
ENGAGEMENT WAS RE
CENTLY ANNOUNCED.
(Photo by Taber.)
If the experience of local officials counts for any
thing, the badge of merit in our municipal, civil ser
vice is acquaintance with somebody with a pulL
The Southern Pacific Company, is at least princelv
it nothing else in its depredations. It is now trying
to steal; a wharf near the ferry depot, .-and even Uncle
Sam is trembling in anticipation of the consequences.
As the guide, protector and friend df/Qiief qf Po
lice Sullivan Mayor Phelan has; added new fame to
the peculiar honors he has°won iir office. /His Honor
will insist upon c beiag the whole show-. •;• *.'?";
Prince Tuan, the bloodthirsty XlimesC official, is
probably deeply gratified that in the" Joss of his job
he'did not also lose his head c °; ; " o * °°
Special Information supplied tfally to
business houses and public men by th*
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). £10 Mont
gomery at. .Telephone Main 1042. • ~ ;" >;.
CaL glace fruit 50c p«r n> at Townaend's.*
The Paris Journal chronicles' a curious
Incident which rather calculated to cool
the ardor of the bridegroom concerned. A
young couple were going through tha
marriage ceremony at the mairie of Gen
tllly and the bridegroom had already ans-,
wered the usual questions, "Wilt thou,'^
etc., with remarkable energy, when to th?
surprise of everybody, the' bride, to/a
similar Interrogatory, uttered a deci««d
"No," followed by a flood qt tears. / It
appears* that she had allowed the tega
tive to escape her quite involuntarily^ and
was anxious to correct the mistake,' For
this, however, she was obliged ti wait
several days, since the only legal yay out
of the difficulty was the republlcition of
the banna during the usual period.
The "Woman "Who Said "No."
NEW YORK, Sept. 30.— Don M. Morris
of San Francisco is at the Imperial.
George N. Howard of San Francisco is at
the Albemarle. M. Earl Cummlngs of
San Francisco is at the Hoffman. W. C*
Kittredge of San Francisco is at the Neth
erland. ' %~>'i?i
CALITORNIANS IN NEW YORK
Such are the figures— and they are golden figures,
for every dollar of the increased savings is a gol' dol
lar, and will be a gold dollar as long as the Republi-
Recent statistics have been furnished showing the
increase in deposits in California banks for five years.
In 1894 the total number of depositors was 80,773, but
in 1899 they numbered 121,881, an increase of 41,108;
the total deposits in 1894 were $38,426,037; by 1809
they had reached the sum of $56,307,107, making an;
increase of $17,880,980. »
The bank figures of the different States are not dis
similar in their showing to that of the statistics cited
for the Union as a.whole. Only a short time ago the
reports of. the banks of California were submitted to
the Bank Commissioners and attention was then di
rected to the wonderful increase in the amount of de
posits over those of the previous year. The increase
was especially notable in the deposits of the savings
banks, which represent the accumulations of the wage
earning classes.
Taking the records as embodied in official reports
for the year 1894, when Cleveland was President, an.l
for 1899, these figures are obtained: Total number of
depositors in all banks in the United States in 1894,
5.545.86>; total number in 1899, 7,655.414; increase in
the number of depositors during the five yean,
2,109,547.- Total amount of money deposited in all
banks in 1894, $2,874,589,406; total deposits in 1899,
$4,608,096,005; increase in the amount of deposits un
der the Republican administration, $1,733,506,599.
Not only has there been that increase in the num
ber of depositors and the amount of deposits, but the
average amount of each bank account has increased
from $520 in 1894 to $602 in 1899.
In the present campaign a study of bank reports is
essential to an understanding of the issues of the time.
The desire of the people is for prosperity, and since
the politics of a country necessarily affects trade and
business, it must-be the wish of all patriotic voters to
cast their ballots for the party whose policies will be
most likely to maintain and advance the welfare of
industry and commerce. If any citizen be in doubt as
to which party stands for prosperity in this country
the doubt can be settled by even the most casual study
of bank reports. Figures of that kind do not lie.
They cannot be juggled for campaign purposes. They
record exactly what has been accomplished by the
people in the way of earning and saving money.
WHEN all things are taken into consideration it
will be perceived that the net results of the
business of a people are to be found in the
records of the banks. The deposits \ represent first
the number of persons who are able to establish a
bank account out of their earnings or their wages, and
second the amount of that account. When times are
bad the number of depositors and the amount of de
posits diminish. When times are good they increase.
Thus by contrasting the deposits of one year with
those of another we have a fairly accurate measure
ment of the comparative degree of the prosperity of
the people.
EVIDENCE OF THE BflNK^S.
- Promotion from the ranks, or rather
from the forecastle to the quarterdeck, is
rarer In the United States navy than in
European navies. The London Chronicle,
commenting upon this, states that "there
Is but one officer of the rank of command-:
er in the United States navy. who has been
promoted from the lower deck. That is
a prince of good fellows. Commander Lu
cien ! Young." The Chronicle makes two
mistakes: , Lucien ; Young. Is a lieutenant
commander, who entered the naval acad
emy In 1869 and graduated four years
later, and was, therefore, never a fore
mast hand. Commander William P. Day
entered the navy as an enlisted boy, and
Lieutenant Commander Charles, E. Vree
land. John ; E. Roller and William H. H.
Southerland began . ttfelr" careers* as naval
apprentices, but subsequently -passed
through i a course at the naval academy
before they became officers in the navy.
The royal yacht Victoria and Albert has
completed her exhaustive steam trials
with highly satisfactory , results as to
speed and economical coal consumption.
There were three 48-hour trials at varying
horsepowers and a final one of eight hours
under full power. At the latter 306 pounds
of steam was carried and the revolutions
averaged 147.4. developing 11,295 horsepow
er and a speed of 20.63 knots. The calcula
tions called for 11,000 horsepower and
twenty knots speedy I vVrl. (\
The British Admiralty made the biggest
coal contract on record last month when
it placed orders at Cardiff for 100.000 tons
best Welsh steam coal at prices varying
from $7 to $7 50 per ton. This price is con
siderably higher than our navy paid last
year, when it purchased coal at home
ports at an average rate of 56 34 per ton
and paid $5 13* for the coal bought at for
eign ports, making an average of $5 97 per
ton.;
Russia is pushing torpedo boat building
at a rapid rate, no less than nineteen de
stroyers' and twelve torpedo boats being
built in foreign and home yards. Of the
latter nine are under construction at the
Neva yard and are to be completed by
May, 1D02. They are practically destroyers
of 350 tons, but with the moderate speed
of twenty-six knots, and are 210 feet In
length and 5 feet 10 inches mean draught.
A remarkably close race was run be
tween the British cruisers Isis and Dido
from Malta to Hongkong. They both left
Malta at 8:30 a. m. June 23, and the Isls
arrived at Hongkong at 11:30 p. m. July 13,
the Dido arriving six hours later. The
actual sea speed of the Isis averaged 16.3
knots for the run of 7500 miles. Stops for
coaling were made at Aden, Colombo and
Singapore. ¦
The crew of the Baltimore has signed
a round robin complaining to the Navy De
partment of the harsh treatment received
from Lieutenant Commander W. G. Cut
ler, navigating officer of that ship. Cap
tain Forsyth of the Baltimore admits
that he knew Cutler was a strict dis
ciplinarian and of abrupt manners, lack
ing the tact which officers should pos
sess.
A trial course for torpedo craft and
other small vessels is being laid off in
Chesapeake Bay. For deep-draught ves
sels the New England coast ia now the
established route on the Atlantic sea
board, and on the Pacific Coast the Santa
Barbara channel 13 used for large ves
sels and San Francisco and San Pablo
bays for smaller craft.
WORLD'S NAVAL NEWS.
Colonel Alex G. Hawes leaves the city
to-day on a vacation tour. He expects
to visit some of the famous battlefields
of the South. He participated in the bat
tles of Shlloh and Corinth and also in the
great conflicts near Chattanooga and At
lanta. For the first time since the war
he will look over the field3 of Shiloh and
Missionary Ridge. He expects -to attend
the Loyal Legion meeting at Indianapolis
and the reunion of the Society 'of the
Army of the Tennessee at Detroit.
C. W. Wlngate, a mining superintend
ent of Plumas, is making a brief stay at
the Occidental. His wife accompanies
him.
Dr. John Joseph Nutt of New York City
is here on a pleasure trip with his wife.
They have apartments at the Grand.
jVI. S. Gunn, a mining man of Helena,
Mont., Is registered at the Palace with his
wife. ...''- 'y-«#:
Jacob Bean, a merchant of Stlllwater,
Minn., is at the Palace, accompanied by
his daughter, Miss Ella Bean.
E. C. Farnsworth. an attorney and Dem
ocratic politician of Vlsalla, is at the Lick.
G. Lapierre of Salinas is at the Grand.
R. Van Brunt, a mining man of New
York, is at the Palace.
W. H. Perry, a lumber dealer of Los
Angeles, is at the Lick.
E. R. Hoffelflnger, a merchant of Phila
delphia. Is a guest at the Palace.
Dr. Kropp, a prominent physician of
Liepsic, Germany, Is at the Palace.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Biiggs— FJSg says he can tell whether a
woman 15/Eood looting: or not without
seeing he*
Boggs-ZT/hat 13 ra ther a strong state
ment. /
Brlgf*— But a true one, ha declares. Ha
savs mat his wife always -has something
nice i° Bav °* the homely woman and
something quite the opposite for the pret
ty oies.— Boston Transcript.
Vlt eoexna to its." said Gayboy, "it's a
mighty late houi # of the night to be cleaa-
Ins up the town"
"Yes, sir." <«i>lled the man -who was
driving the s-reeplns 1 machine; "wa have
to wait till yu fcl'ows get done palntln*
lt."-Chicagr. Tribune.
Teacher— Who was t*« wisest man?
Little Boy— Solomon
Teacher-Give an acampla of his wis
dom.
Little Girl— He hs4 six hundred wive*—
Detroit Free Pres?.
"Smlthers and I met yesterday for tho
first time In thirteen years."
fit was an Interesting meeting. n»
doubt."
"Yes; all our old sto-les ireat off u
good as new."— Chicago .Record.
Markleigh— Tour office seems badir
mussed up. Have you no Janitor?
Barkleigh— "We have one, but sine* h«
became a faith curist ha has been girlns
the office "absent treatment."— Baltfmora
American. .>— ;'
Stoughton— Did you havo a good time at
the banquet last night?
Manhattan— Splendid. I dranlc myielf
Into Insensibility befor© the speaMnjr be
gan.—Boston Transcript.
AN INTERESTING SUBJECT.
Crawford— While your wlf© Is away ta
the country what does aha find to wrlt«
you about so regularly?
Crabshaw— Money.— Judga.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
One of the strong arguments for the measure is
that it will put an end- to a practice on the part of
certain European manufacturers putting American
trademarks on their goods: Commenting on that
phase of the subject the Philadelphia Record says:
"It is true that regulations already exist on the Conti
nent, where the imitation of American trademarks has
become: very widespread on account of the now
recognized superiority- of . American goods, and
Americans have themselves been largely to blame in
not securing the registration of their trade device? in
time; but if there should be a reciprocal arrangement
the way of the counterfeiter would be made much
harder. He is a wise business men who, foreseeing
the possible introduction of his goods in all countries,
secures in time both at home and abroad all the pro
tection which the patent and trademark laws may
afford."*
Of the desirability of such an act there will be little
question. Almost every well established trademark is
subject to forgeries or imitations. These offenses are
frequently as injurious to the public as to the pro
ducer whose articles and advertising have given the
mark a value. In some respects, moreover, the trade
mark law would promote the movement toward the
prevention of the adulteration of foods and medicines,
for many of the articles of that nature that carry
forged, or deceptive trademarks are also spurious in
their composition.' ' ;.Y : « :
; The measure is one of considerable importance to
the business world. In the first place, it is 'to be
noted, it will give a particular trademark to the per
son who first makes application for it. Doubtless that
provision would be so guarded that no well-known
trademark could be taken by. some one not- justly en
titled to it, but where several existing marks are very
similar to one another it will be well for the owners
to watch the progress of the measure closely, so- as
to be ready to file a claim as soon as it becomes law.
From the reports that have come to us it appears
the proposed measure provides for the registration in
the Patent Office of trademarks upon payment of a
fee of $10, and for the recognition of the first applicant
as the owner of the trademark. Another important
piovision is that any citizen of a foreign country may
register a trademark here under the same conditions
as an American citizen, provided that the nation to
which he may owe allegiance shall accord the same
privilege to Americans.
PROTECTION FOR TRf!DEMf1RKS.
AMONG the subjects discussed by the American
Bar Association at its recent meeting at Sara
toga was that of providing legislation for es
tablishing a greater security to the proprietors of
trademarks in all lines of business. The sentiment of
the association was strongly in favor of action, and a
measure was prepared for submission to Congress
which declares the counterfeiting of a trademark, or
the close imitation of it with intent to deceive, a crimi
nal offense, punishable by fine or imprisonment
Wheat advanced nt the opening, but fell back at
the close of the week. . The foreign demand for corn
fell off in consequence of advanced prices. In the
San Francisco market cereals were generally sustain
ed-except wheat, which is governed by universal and
not local conditions. Barley advanced with some ra
pidity, as country holders, tired of selling at the low
prices, are now keeping back their supplies, and the
San Francisco buyers have advanced their bids to
obtain stocks. There was also a marked advance in
hay during the week. The demand for this staple
continues sharp for Oriental account, and at the pres
ent rate it will not !<c long ere good hay is scarce.
Cran and Middlings have also gone up under light
supplies, and the other. feedstuff s are following these
leaders, so forage is doing'.bctter all around. Canned
fruits have met with, such a good, demand thus far
this season that, as already,. rnen'tioried, the canners
have withdrawn quotations fbr .many descriptions,
owing to depleted stocks/ ..' There is a .fair movement
in dried fruits at prices;' whichj.are firm, though not
particularly higher, and- raisins, huts and honey are
very active and firm.* .Provisions, too, are doing much
better, the local packers reporting a brisk inquiry,
both for home and export account..' As the condition
of the provision mjarket is. Always a good, barometer
of trade, the current activity must be taken as a good
sign. Indeed, the = wholesale-merchants generally re
port a good demand 'for: all ''kinds 1 of merchandise,
Jhough coal oil raadea pronounced decline during the
Tonnage continues pore "or : less-scarce, and
wheat freights to Europe have advanced to 45 shil
lings, the highest rate for a long .time. . The ship yards
arc busy in the construction of jicw vessels. ' :
¦ If trade is quiet in. the East, it certainly is not here.
In point of activity San Erancijco has° no cause for
complaint. s '« \°. c '\-..j''. ¦/¦:¦•¦ '¦'••.[':>,[¦ X.-'.
The only staples to show any feature during the
past week were iron and steel, coal, boots and shoes
and wool. Throughout the iron trade the remark
was frequently made that the bottom had been
touched, that certain companies had resumed orders
for supplies, that expert orders had been placed and
that more coke ovens were in operation. In boots
and shoes the demand, so long stagnant, is .pickinir
up. Shipments from Boston are slowly increasing,
the Western buyers are asking for prompt delivery,
and the New England jobbers report themselves busy.
The coal situation made a decided improvement, as
signs of a speedy resumption of work appeared, and
the strike :t c .elf developed much less feeling than had
been expected. Wool continued dull and unsatis
factory, sales being only about 25 per cent of those
last year *t this time, and 100 grades quoted in the
Philadelphia -riarket showed a decline of about half
a cent. Cotton improved somewhat in price, but the
market was irregular ar.d unsettled, being alternately
affected by famine conditions and heavy receipts.
TRADE QUIET. BUT IN GOOD TONE.
BUSINESS continues apathetic all over the coun
try, and no activity need be expected until after
the election. The country's bank clearings last
week showed a loss of 21.2 per cent, as compared
with the same week-in 1899, and the failures were
204, agnin?t 157. ¦./''. '' ~
The whole nation seems to be awaiting the re
sult of the election. At the same time, the appre
hension and nervousness which characterized busi
ness circles during the last Presidential campaign are
lacking. Wall street seems to take it for granted tha:
the election will result in the continuation of the pres
ent sound money system, and is bothering its head
•very little over the matter. Financiers at the large
centers apparently take the same view. Merchants
go on ordering and selling goods as if equally sure
that the outcome will be favorable to trade. Capitol
alone is shy, but then capital is apt to get shy on very
little provocation.
I Poor Mrs. Hopkins. Always enjoyins
the best of health- and then— stricken all
In a heap in a moment, as it were. Her
case seems to be Quite hopeless and the
doctors hold out no hope whatsoever. She
is able to totter a few steps, but the pow-
I AM not saying anything of the Caro
lan ball because I have not adjectives
enough at my command to justly tell
of it. But this much I will say: I con
sider the girl beneath contempt .who
said that "If the men had been asked to
go as flowers nearly all the benedicts in
the name of truth would have had to go
as marigolds." I need hardly tell you
that she who perpetrated that awful pun
was not at the ball and did not have to
Bend her regrets.
• ? • *
Nobody was surprised when the enpaKe
ment of Edna Hopkins and Will Taylor
was announced, and nobody had a right
to expect that any one would be. Edna
and Will's affair is almost of as remote
a day as the engagement which termi
nated in the Hopkins-Taylor wedding on
Wednesday. ...
That was a wedding I shall not soon for
get. Such a joyous, porgreous looking
bride. I nover before In my life saw any
one half so stunning. In spite, though, of
the jollity of the affair and the exhilara
tion of the lunch on the lawn. I could not
now and then suppress a catch in my
throat. A sob seemed to lodge there every
time I looked at the chair in which sat the
bride's Invalid mother.
Mrs. MilHe Flynn, Trinity's soprano,
and Mrs. Eva Tenny, have taken a little
flat and are luxuriating in the pleasures
of housekeeping. I, for one, do not be
lieve that Millie gives much attention to
the housekeeping. Not that she is not
willing enough, but she certainly must
find it Impossible to get the time. Every
body knows that Trinity's soprano has to
Speaking of "His Majesty" recalls to
me that Mary Wyman Williams, the pet
amateur singer of the Polyclinic operatic
production, is expected to return to town
shortly. Soon after the production of
"His Majesty." Mary Wyman Williams
went East and nothing was heard of her
until a few days ago, when a little rumor
ran around saying the amateur singer
would shortly be with us again. Where
Mrs. Williams has been or what she has
been doing no one seems to know.
The lady patronesses of •¦the.PoIycllnic
are getting ready to do something for the
benefit of that worthy, charity, but what
that something is has- not yet been!de
cided. The ladies of the Polyclinlc enjoy,
a well founded for doing big
things, and novel things.' and things
which always bring a swell set together.
I don't believe the Polyclinic patronesses
have appealed to the public since their
great amateur operatic production, '-His
Majesty," many years ago.
• . •'• *
I hear that the once awfully Jolly Mon
day night class is to be revived this sea
son, and under the patronage of no less
a social light than Mrs. Morgan. I hope
it is true. The Morgans know how to
make things hum and Mrs. Morgan
neither spares money nor energy In the
doing of it. Since Therese's coming out
party Mrs. Morgan has not done much
on a big scale. ' However, she is a moat
indefatigable hostess and -little dinners
and luncheons are of continual occurrence
in the home over which she so gracefully
presides. .'. ' . • ./' .-•
er of speech has entirely left her. Seeing
that Edna and Will's engagement is such
a long-standing affar. it is probable that
the wedding day will not be long distant.
On that occasion again, reliable rumor
has it, will an engagement be announced.
Anybody can guess who the future bride
of that day will be. And all I well tell
you about the groom Is the fact that he
comes from Oakland.
Since Wells-Fargo is so willing to shift upo^i the
people, and ,. especially upon the wage-earners, the
burdens of glory, so would they be ready to shift
upon the same classes the disasters of free coinage.
Mr. Valentine laments the evil plight of the working
man who has to pay taxes, but he overlooks the fact
that workingmen would have upon them a much
lighter burden of taxation if Wells-Fargo and other
corporations of the kind would pay their share of the
burden instead of shirking it upon others. In fact,
upon the head of Valentine "anti-imperialism" jingles
r.s brazenly as upon the head of Bryan, aad serves' no
ether purpose than that of attracting attention to
the mountebank who wears it.
- Of the danger of free coinage involved in the can
didacy of Bryan Valentine makes light sport. He says
in a letter to the New York Post: "Free silver is in
the dim, distant and shadowy future, where it will
doubtless remain." That is an easy creed for Wells-
Fargo and the express trust, since it is a safe guess
that every dollar due to them has by contract, been
made specifically payable in gold only, but how isit
for the men who work for the express companies?
Would not their wages be paid on a silver basis if
Bryan were. elected? Free silver would not be in the
dim, -distant and shadowy future for them.
In making those statements Mr. Valentine has the
merit of being candid.' Certainly Wells-Fargo intend
that the pe : ople shall pay all the taxes that Congress
may levy on express companies. Mr. Valentine
preaches what he practices when ' he says if the
people are satisfied to pay taxes they may, but he will
not coincide. The inveterate tax-shirker has shifted
from Wells-Fargo every bit of the burden of glory,
and we have no doubt he will continue to shift it to
the end.
Here is Valentine writing letters to every paper
that .will publish them, and, not content with thar,
printing them as^circulars and distributing them far
and .wide". His one cry is there are no true men in
America except those who , arc going to vote for
Bryan. His argument is simple. In a letter to the
Chicago Record he says: "Imposing 'benevolent as
similation' upon alien and unwilling people is a costly
luxury, and the people must foot the bills. If they
are satisfied with such a course, well and good; but
I cannot coincide." In a letter addressed to the Oak
land Saturday Night he returns to the argument and
repeats it thus: "If the wage-earners who must'pay
the bills for glory do not care, then imperialism is
ncre to stay."
SINCERE opponents of any policy of perma
• nently "annexing the Philippines to the United
are sorely plagued in these days by the
mountebanks* of Bryanism who. have .made of
imperialism" a sort of fool's cap and bells wherewith
tc make a jingle as c they go prancing through the
campaign. The master mountebank is of- course,
Bryan himself, but he has on this coast a close seo
ondin President Valentine of Wells-Fargo Company
and- the great express trust. The course pursued* by
Senator Hoar, ex-Senator- Edmunds and others like
them, who oppose annexation and recognize that the
issue" can best be "met by the re-election of McKinley,
is Consistent with the highest statesmanship and the
truest citizenship, but the Bryanites are doing their
worst to make all antagonism to annexation some
thing absolutely ridiculous in the eyes of the public.
o A FELLOW IN MOTLEY.
Really there is nothing like a dashing
naval lieutenant to play the mischief
with s-^ceptible maidens' hearts, x'he
lieutenant from the Iowa has Just kept
me busy guessing which maid it really
was. Ever so many of the glrU havo
told me that he is the legitimate captive
of our. pet heiress and again others asist
that he is the devoted slave of that pret
ty girl who owes her clear skin and clear,
bright eye to the lake on whose borders
she spent her not long passed baby days.
I wonder which one it really Is? I have
noticed him out riding with Katherlne.
but then she is so good— she takes every
body out driving, and. besides, I know for
a fact that he is devotion itself to
When it comes right down to lt.thousrh.
I don't believe we on-lookers ougnt .0
care which girl it is. Th. lieutenant Is so
Jolly that we Just must have him. and
no matter which of the two maids ha
wins congratulations will be apropos.
I saw Alice Zlska Jennings 00 Satur
day and the way she lias reduced herself
fairly made me dizzy. I had heard about
her "tco too solid flesh." and the- little,
that still remained of It. but I had to sea
for myself to realize what a sylphllk* ap
pearance is now hers. I asked her how
she did it. For fleshy humanity** sake
I was curious. I taiew Mrs. Jennings
went In for swimming and walking and
all kinds of athletics and that in spite of
it all her weight Increased. Now I hava
the secret of It. "I Just stopped drinking
water," she said. "I used to take five
and six glasses with my meals. Now I
don't consume a half tumblerful- At first
It was awful dry work, but when I had
to send:.all my, things, to the dressmak
er's and have them 'taken in' I became
reconciled- to : my undiluted meals. "
While on the subject of avoirdupois I am
reminded- Of the very novel method Mrs.
Genevieve Goad Martin experimented
with several, years ago when she tipped
the scales, so heavily. Rare roast beef
and salad— that was here menu day in
and day out until she came down to her
present graceful figure.
• The Wood-BIgelow wedding Is sat for
October 10. Since her encasement was
announced nearly two years ago Boxnola
BIgelow has enjoyed an extended Euro
pean visit, and so has Mrs. Wood.
So it is natural to cocdudo that there
will be no honeymooning abroad and tnoi
the returned tourists will be glad to -et
tle down a very few weeks after t»*a bind
ing words are spoken. I have not yec
heard whether Romola's wedding Is to
be a big affair. This I do know— It Is sura
to be a charming one. The pity Is that it
takes place so late in the autumn- Tna
beautiful Blgelow grounds would havo
been such an ideal place for a weddln*
under the trees.
Herman Oelrtchs is here once more,
looking ever so- much younger than be
fore. He has lost weight, that 13, ap
parently so. and his'; complexion 13 a
shade less ruddy. All Hhla la most be
coming to Oelrjchs. |I saw him' last
Thursday evening at the Orpheum. and
what a popular man He 13! There were
smiles ai;d nods for him from all sides.
He only remained a little while — Just lonff
enough to hear Jessie Kartlett Davis sing,
and then hopped aboard the O'Farrell
street car, bound for the lovely Fair man
sion, where he always makes his head
quarters while In town. It was an early
going home lor Oelrichs, but ha -wras
courting repose after the long overland
journey. • ; ; rT.
Herman Oelrichs likes San Francisco.
He always comes hero In preference- to
gclngr to Europe, and he always makes
his presence here felt- I'll soon. I'm con
fident, be hearing all manner of Jolly nlc«
things about him, and probably I'll tell.
» • ¦
refuse, on an average, one man per week.
These are the modest flsures ah© gives
herself, and considering the time usually
consumed in leading up to the proposal
point, besides choir rehearsals, etc..
¦where could Millie find t time to do house
work? . :
BY SALLY SHARP.
can party remains in power. The election of Bryan
and the adoption of his free coinage policy would en
tail scaling down the ralue of those deposits by "about
fifty cents on the, dollar. Is it possible that any con
siderable number of thrifty Americans can hesitate
how to vote" on such a proposition? ...
Each of thesemen has been a resident of his dis
trict for many years, each is well known to his con
stituents, and each fully represents the best elements
among them. In office they will be "senators," not
"t«"ols"; representatives of the people, not servitors
of a corporation. Each, should have the support of
every self-respecting maM in his 'district. Never mind
what party labels have been put upon them. Let
t^c voters bear in mind that the bosses of each party
have nominated some good men to "carry the ticket,"
and it. voting select the best from each side. The
success of the Republican candidates for Congress or
for Presidential Electors will not be in any way af
fected by the vote for State Senators.. The State issue
is that of preventing the Southern Pacific Railroad
from gerrymandering California. Let every citizen
bearing that in mind work for honest candidates and
vote for them.
• As in the case of candidates for judicial positions.
The Call has carefully canvassed the .claims, of the
various candidates {or the State Senate from" the va
rious districts of the county, arid yesterday announced
the names of those who should 'be .' elected,-' giving
in each -case a statement of .the 'record -of the candi
date and specific reasons why his election, is desirable.
These candidates are: In the Seventeenth District,
Joseph M. Plunkett; in the Nineteenth, Richard M.
Welch; in the ' Twenty-first, W. E. -White ; in the
Twenty-third, John J. Tyrrell; in the Twenty-fifth,
John II. Nelson.. . ¦ = • -.
To defeat the scheme which the railroad managers
and its allied bosses and boodlers of both camps
have devised is the issue of paramount importance in
State politics. In this city the voters should set it
zbove all other in the local campaign. No Repub
lican should vote for such a candidate as the no
torious "Eddie" Wolfe, who does not represent either
the party or its principles in anything, nor shon'<l
Democrats support any man of a like character or
lack of character nominated on their ticket. The is
sue is to elect to the State Senate honest men who
will redistrict the State in an honest way, and in
nothing will be subservient either to the railroad
managers or to the slum bosses whom Mr. Herrin
rnd the Hon. W. C. Van Fleet have raised from ob
scurity to power. .... .. : '- * ; ' :
The chief reason of the desire of the railroad to con
trol the Legislature i3 that the Congressional, Sena
torial and Assembly districts of the State are to be re
arranged at the coming legislative session. If the rail
road can control the rearrangement, it can so gerry
mander the State as to give the corporation tools and
bosses an immense advantage in all struggles against
the people for ten years to come.
It is well known that the Southern Pacific Com
pany is eager to control the coming Legislature, and
to^that end its managers have combined Avith'. the
bosses of all parties. Por, example, before the Re
publican convention met inthe Eleventh Senatorial
District Mr. Herrin of the Southern Pacific, posed as
a Republican and promised railroad aid to any Re
publican who would defeat the nomination of C. M.
Belshaw. Failing to dominate the convention, Herrin
promptly turned his "push" over to the Democrats
of the district and is now working for the election
of Wilkins to beat Belshaw. Similar tactics will be
followed in this county and in every other county
where the Southern Pacific managers see a chanc
to elect any of their tools to office. • .
THE.. STATE- SENATE.
BY reason of the conditions of the time, the elec
tion of -State "Senators from the various°°dis
tricts in San Francisco County, and; indeed,
from many, other Senatorial 'districts 1 of the State,
must be regarded this year by good citizens as some
thing outside of partisan politics. The action of the
Supreme Court iii declaring the Stratton primary law
invalid turned the primaries of both parties over td
the control of. the bosses, and as a consequence no
truly, representative Senatorial tickets* have beennomi-"
nated in this county. Good 'citizens must make their
choice among the candidates .without regard to the
party that nominated them; and in doing so- must en
deavor to select men who in office will not be sub
servient to bosses. ._ ¦ '. • •.-. .
SOCIETY:
A LOOK BACKWARD AND A PEEP INTO THE FUTURE
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 1, 1 900.
• •
4
AMUSEMENTS.
California— "Aida."
Alhambra— "That Man."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Grand Orxra -house— "The Sr-ortins Duchess.". ; . .• . .
Alcazar— "We Vns of Tennessee.'.'.. .
Tlvoli— "Jllrnon."
Co!umb'.a— "A Night In Town." ¦ -' •'
Olympia, corner Mason and Eddy streets— rSpeclaltles.
Chutes. Zoo ai»d Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
«venlnc. f. ... ' .."•..• .; • . •'
Fischer's— Vafcdevlire. '.-¦ •, - .*' ... : .' ' "- : V
Sutro Baths— Open rlrhts. . - .' ¦ •'¦ . . • • . ¦/ '¦
Taaforan l»erk— Harness meeting.
Excursion— To Mare Island, gunday. October 7. '
AUCTION SALES.
By S. "Walking— TTodnesfiay. October S. at ' 11 o'clock.
Horses, at comer Tenth and .Eryant streets., . • • " • •••.-
. HOTEL DEL CORONADO— In making your
winter plans think of this beautiful country
home with city advantages. Ideal climate, no
heavy tog or . rain. At 4 New Montgomery
street, city, ret Information and special ratea»
Two • large wooden - shoes were sent
through the mail to Frank E. Doerburs
of Holland. Mich. Twenty 1-cent stamps
were on each shoe, arranged along the
outer edge and over the Instep so as to
form an ornamentation.
50c. and Ji.no, all druggists.
SCOTT & BOWNE, Chemists, New Yorfe
indicates insufficient nourish-
menc. It leads to nervousness,
sleeplessness, general Hebil-
ity, and predisposes to Con-
Sumption and other prevail
ing diseases. To guard
against these take
the Standard remedy for
allwasting diseases in young
or old. It improves diges- I
tion, gives flesh, strength,
vigor and resistive power.
ADVERTISEMENTS."Died, cf Deliriuia TreiaeaaC
.TVTIllani Clinton, residing- at C5 T-westy
s'econd street, was brocght to the City
Receiving Hospital yesterday afternoon
sunTerlng f rora aa attack of delirium
tremens. ;¦ He died three hours after his
arrival. The body was removed to the
Morgue. . .;¦ ' . -"¦.' .'.._;¦ .- : .V:- -
H. Weinstock to Lecture.
H. "Weinstopk of Sacramento, president
of the California. Educational Conxmla
stcn. wtH deltver his first lecture of a
series at the San Francisco State Normal
School. Powell- street near Clay, en Mon
day afternoon, at 3:30. His topic will be.
"The Educated 'Wdtnen's"' Value to So
ciety."" The publlCjIs Invited. o
Doctor George Franklin Shisla
Ha? resumed practice and -has charged his.
office to the Sgrias Valley bolldlns.
OLD FBIESDS SECTTBE A
i HO2EE AT Ct^St ELlisr
Dr. CC. (yDonnsll Deeds Fifteen
Acres of Land to Life-Long 0 '¦:
° Companiona.
The Society of Old Friends was made
happier and richer yesterday by the gift
of a fifteen-acre ranch at Glen Ellen. The
I donor was ¦ Dr. C. C. OTtannell. a rnexn
! ber of the society. 8
A. committee consisting- of HelvUle Her
mann, president: Dr. J. Stearns, vfee
president; J. E. STlnkey, aecretary; H. D.
,!IitonelL Dr. F. F. Lord. Dn,wson ilayer.
1L Rothenbersr. A. Vallans. G- K. Mack
rett. H. W. Matthews. C. A. Buttler. A_
P. Hover&erTr. Major Ed Lewis. John
Dora, H. C. llcCalllster and John Brad
ford, visited Glen EEen yesterday to fn
spect the property and receive the deed.
The trustees to whom the dee»i was
made out are M_ Rathenbersv J. E. Slin
key and M. Hermann.
Miy Haye Killed Himself.
' SVHUani" Harris. living at :* Lanyton
street, ts aaong the missing 1 , and- hla rela
tives fear that he has committed suicide.
Harrl3 was afflicted with epilepsy, and oa
learning: thathis parents Intended to have
him operated „ on he disappeared from
home-. It Is believed that rather than
«u trait to the operation he killed hlm
seif- ° ., \
Injured in Saloon. Bow.
: WiHlani Stewart, a resident cf the Mis
sion, was seriously Injured yesterday as
the result af trouble ' wtth : a . bartender
j named Fohl tn a saloon at Twentieth, and
Fclsoni' streets. Fohl threw Stewart, who
became unruly, through a window. Stew
art struck '¦on bis head, sustaining con
cussion, of the brain. He was taken to>
the City «^d County, Hospital. Fohl was
arrested. » s
CSTSCE OF A NEGaO 2IA"2" --l^
tvf:at> to a bace biot
Goveracr of South Carolina, Being
Appealed to, Orders Trocps to
G-eor ge town.
COLtmBIA. S. C. Oct. L— This mom-
Ing 1 at 12:50 o'clock Governor ITcSweeney
received a telegram from itayor W. D.°
ilor?an of Georg-etown. S., C^. appealing
to have the rnrn-Hrr ordered out to sup
press a threatened race riot. The Gover-
nor immediately wired Colonel Sparkmaa
of Georgetown to have hi3 cavalry troops
hurried there. The trouble was caused by
a negro irtyn-Tg- a. white man. Georgretown
ta on the coast and the negroes outnum
i^er the whitea overwhelmingly. ,
ZXPISES TS PHESZ2TCE
OF "FTS COUGBEGATIOa
Bev. Dr. Gilbrrt H. Gregory of Hrw
Tcrk Dies Suddenly at St.
SteplisTi s.
NETv" TORS. Sept. 30.— Rev. Dr. GEbert
R. Gre^ry. 63 years eld. died to-day In
the -resence cf his congregation at the
mcrnlni-- service Jn St. Stephen's iL E.
Church." ilartle M'SL- at the north, end. at
Manhattan Island. /¦
Physicians had crjsd Dr. Gre?ory to
retire from active work, as he had long
b<Mm a sufferer from heart trouble. They
Odd him that he mig^t live for years if
he would c«aM labor, but if he. continued
to work he was liable to be stricken at
any cocect. c
Dr Gregory had not preached In fct.
St«rtec's for three Sundays ctl account
cf heart attack, but wh»n word was
"¦Kia^d around that he would resume his
foties to-day the church was fcued.
r -Tte service had progressed to the sln?
jw. o r a t ,hymn. which preceded the ser
tacc. Dr. .Ore^ory arose and .read three
verses of. tie hy-arn beslirning'. **I»ve M
vjne. all' lore excelling." . •
:'-Whi> the music cf the antieni CHed
tie church Dr. Gregory wa3 'noticed to
mt'ttmsefit and tjien fall Uzzv over one
cf-the anas of the- chair.. Members of
the cungTe«a.ticn went to h23 assistance
and two physicians who happened to be
pasair? the church were called In. The7
saw at' once that the minister was fceyend
human aid and in five minutes from the
tlm<» he was stricken 1>r, Gregory wm
paoszcunos is beabt
*, o ° \ FOS TRTAT. OF TOUTSET
Ex-Govemcr Taylor and ex-Secretary
cf State Ffcley Inter-
FRANKFORT. Ky.. Sept. 30.— The pros-
ecutica "will announce themselves ready
for c trial tn the case of Henry' Tortttsey,
which will be called at Georgetown to
morrow. None of the representatives ot
the dei^sse could be seen to-day, but it ta
believed th* defense win be ready. The
attorneys far the defense have sent tnter
rcgatories.to r lr.d!anapoil3 to be ansrrered
by ex-Gtff»rsor Wi S. Tayior and es-Sec
retarjno*-State Charles Flnley. to be used
as evidence fcr Toutsey. Totrtsey will be
r»present-d by T. J. Crawford and R. "VT.
Nelson^al Newport and James F." Askew
and Joan Stevensoa of Georgetown. The
prcsecntlon will Be represented by Com
monwealth's Attorney Franklin. T. ° C
Campbell of Cincinnati and Victor 5*.
Bradley <zt G«crs^swa>
22ot a Victim, of Bobbers.
S. Hl^ahlda, the Japsuiese who was
found ' on ' Second street, near Harrison,
early yesterday niamlns In a battered
condition, waa removed to the City Re
ceiving Hospital durin? the day. Through
Interpreter GefTeney it was learned that
he had. cnarreled wtth »""'h<" Jap. and
had received a severe beating. His clothes
betn? torn from him la accounted for by
the fact that it fc§ the Japanese custoa
of the victor tn a £?ht to denude hia vic
ttni of *»*¦» weartng 1 appareL
! --.Saiita. -Clarai Farrier Is. Sttfrering-FrcTa
;i ¦=.•.:.¦'• ij-.WdT^nd Iiifiicte<i by an TJn.---. '
3 '.•^•¦¦'; ('_ ; 3d0Tra: Assailant Uear ; •
| : ' : - ¦/..•,..•¦¦• ' Saa. Jcse.-
SAN JOSE, Sept. 30.— TV. k. Freels, a
fanner of this city, was shot In the neck
near the ESs&t Mile House on the Alma
den road to-day while appropriating a few
- bunches of grapes in a vineyard.
He had been taking a drive with hla
wife and at her request sot out of the
buszy to pick some zrapes He did net
see the shooter, but J- B. Sarrieilo. the
' owner of the vtnerard. has been arrested
fcr the crime. Freels' injuries are ser
¦ icus. ' /;;^i
DtrN-SlTUIR, Sept. 30.— A head-on col
lision occured la the tunnel near Matt
Station at about 3 o'clock thi3 morning.
Xorthhound freight No. TS. Engineer
FraakBa and FIremarr Araaerast, and
southbound Ii^ht engine 177?. Engineer
Kelso and Fireman E. iL Baker, c»t oa
a curve In the center of the tunneL rhe
front ends of both engines were demol
ished and the pony trucks were derailed.
Two freight cars loaded wtth merchandise
were telescoped.
Brakeman Amos Rowlea was thrown
from, the top of a freight car. striking- on
bis head and shoulder: He was badly cut
and bruised aji& la suffering from the se
vere nenrooa shock. Engineer Kelso re
ceived a severe scalp wound and all the
other men were badly shaken up.
The wreck was cleared away ay 1
o'clock this afternoon. The northbound
passenger train was delayed about four
hours.
Brakerxan. Bo-wles ThroTsra. From the
Top af a Car and Orh.er Members ,
cf tte Cre-wa Badlj , : ¦
Shaksa 'U'p.
TWO ENGINES COME
TOGETHER IN TUNNEL
SHOT DOWN WHILE
PLUCKING
TA.VCOCTEH. Sept. W.— 5f. Thom
thwaite. aa experienced mining xaas, who
represents capital of London, England,
says the American gold fields at Cape
Nome are far richer than. Klondike.
Thomthwaite was the tenth man In. the
Nome country, after two years spent In
prospecting azd buylsg properties around
Dawson. He wintered In '37 at Golovin
Bay and early next spring- Messrs. Hnrz
burg and Blake left on their famous trip.
which practically earned the discovery
cf Nome.
They located on Anvil Creek and after
working for a time swore each other to
secrecy and returned to Golovin for food.
There the news cf the find leaked out and
the historic staapede followed.
**I acquired No. 5 on Anvil."* 3aid Mr.
Thomthwaite, "and did pretty welL
Later myself and partner struck a qna.rta
claim, which fta*? six feet of «rre rasning
through It worth £2? to- CGO to- the ton.
The quartz La so free thai it will crumble
in yo»jr fingers, and colors and fiakes of
g-old -will form In the palm of your ha-n<i.
A feeder has been discovered recently for
the rich craeka that ran from fifty cents
to S to the pas, around Blue Stone, the
rich new disarict to which there was a
stampede. Xoeie has a greax future. It
la like no otter mint rig camp in the world.
all theories on gold mfntng- being set at
defiance. Bench claims axe panning oat
very welL A short tlsie a^o- the owner of
a Dexter Credit bench claim wa3 peddling
it around for EGO* Then the man went to
work at It systematically. He since re
fused 5100.000 for It and has taken out
$125,000. There has been so cmca claim
jumping' that the prccres3 of the country
ha* been much retarded by legal compli
cations. There ts no richer country on
earth, but the administration of the law
wtth regard to mining puts Justice at a
discount."
» :
SUPPLIES WILL BE PLENTIFUL.
City of Paris Carrying- Pood to the
Hoy aktik Ccxmtyy.
Special Dispatch t» The CalL ' .
TACOMA. Sept. 30.— Miners who reached
here to-day from Koyoknk state that the
anticipated food shortage there .win not
occnx, aa the Alaska Commercial Com
pany's steamer City of Paxl3 reached
Bergman late in August with 3Sd tana of
supplies. The steamers, LueHa. and Vic
toria, were to transfer her cargo from
Bergman to Settle. "When to-day's ar
rivals left Bettle's store they bad to sell
only a poor o^ality at bacon and flour.
The City of Paris was carrying up the
river a man named Turner, who was ap
pointed by the Alaska. Commercial Com
pany to take over the store of Peckett,
Bettle & Peckett,. "at Bettle. Is. payment
of that firm's large Indebtedness to the
Alaska Commercial Company. The lat
ter company will heraf ter operate the
largest supply store ; In the Koyokuk:
ccr^itry.
Statenent ilads hy 2T. Ttorcth.-wgite,
aa. Es^erienced 3(tiner r "Who "Was
Ona of the First Settlers '• '
in tiie District.
SAYS NOME IS FAR
RICHER THAN KLONDIKE
Tlireataiied Stxiks Averted-
The masters and men concerned la the
teamsters' threatened strike which jeop
ardized tie business oJ tne city, met yes- ¦
te— day afterzooa and. settled tiietr dliTer
ences by the employers yielding to the
demands of the employed. Almc3t ail tse
deniaada the latter tad cade were ac
c*ltnf to. acoc? ttera b«in? a twe^ty
tl-ve per cent tacrease la wa?«.
Tte socle tT to wliictt the employers t>e
long-, known as . the Draymen's Associa
tion, appointed the foUowts? committee;
to wait en the Teamsters'' Protective <
Union: Georz-e Render. JIaJcr Tild-n.
Caarlea Evers. J. B- Bocarde and L.
Austin. Tne eisptoyers rlatm tna: tii«Ir
workmen's demands are excessive, bu:
that ther have acceded ta them rather
than to tie up bastne33-
Cadets Plan an F.n rartrr f n ment.
Tim nepers of Company L cf tne
Leazue cf die Cross Cadet3 ai Ulasfoaj
Dolore3 parish are malting arr3.ag-ein.eat3
for an entertainment ami dance to be '
g*ven tn M!sston Parlor Hail. Seven- *
te«nt2i atre«T^ aear Valencia, on Tntsraday
evening. ¦ __
Besides aa. ortztnal sketch by Professor ,
Cyua Newtan. there will be mtuicol and
literary selections by HIa3 Rose Broder
icic Sersreont Cfcarles Hay of Company G.
Miss Jalia CoCey. Hiss May Dora and
otters The committee having the aflair
to ch-irra consists c£: Lieutenant Joseph
Heather (chairman). Lieutenant Garrett -
•sears. Sergeants Sniitli: HcDonald. Mcln
tyre and ilcKeon, Corporal V. Flniran
and Privates J. Ti^It^an and O- Cro-wley.
SEBB2TW OaiTHLAJT ASTLUKt
IN" HZAXTHT. CONDITIOS"
Bepcrt;' 'of -.'the' President /Is Bead ;' at
thje *•"•" tt'*T 1Vr>M»r4-r7 1* • nf the
¦ v^^i^y-.^SocfetT^v/v-A'--.' (.
,; ; The'knn'aai" mietins--. a £ th'«.;.'Hebr«w Or- .]
. : p hkn '¦' 'Society.' '.was . : held ; yesterday after- .1
icdn^ at..i'o - clock- tas.^ej'gyinnasiuni of the !
:¦ asylum. ..Tte- : n«feting\opeh'$d- .with a. selec--:
' ! jff^^^^ii^px^a^^tida^J&e^taxT. Leo •
:E."Loesser fangwea;iy'ire ; adin?.the annTial
report- of .S;-Wi. Levy.- president of the «o
ciety. The report showed that there were :
17} tnmates In The asylum, ninety boy 3 and
¦eighty giTl3:'-The band. ha3 been supplied
:wit.h.:new.. ; .instrumettt3/ at- an outlay of ;
¦Jli23;\. : lE-'any;-dt--the boys -... : show ¦ talent;
enotiitx "ia. beconje.iprof esstonai-: catislctans ;
they are ; ' furnished with the .Instrument r*- t
¦qtiiredffreff.-'pf'ci^fg^v.Taiereare-at pres- '
er-t'thirty-fgiur. inmates -of :ths,pid People 3 i
. Hornet :v-T^e^:rSai3ed;jaway-/ in -;;the: Bast.|
fiscii "' y^T^r ""¦""¦'¦-"" ; -•-""-- - ¦ *- * '.-¦¦¦¦' *.* •".-*¦- r ¦ 1
; :'la ¦¦th&.'T^p6rth^^p;r;^dent : ::tiia :? ka. "Drs.:|
Davldsoa.- :^:enry;X>lb6on3 . Jr:; J i -R.^DavM- ;
•saaivcAib'ert-- Abrams^ S."-;S. .; : Fithn;-.; :^ >. i
: Tore'Eo'A;-' Barkan. L; Neuman..-.L> Btish. :
CharIes'--G--.'Bush \ and •':.&;'¦ C. . Brower for ]
their professional services, jrtven : .grata- .
•Jtously.-- and also hundreds oz others too t
ct:meroxr3. to mention. ,:• ¦'¦'.
The present membership of. tie scclaty ta \
rrr. of whom 332 are life members. , .
the latest Improved Otis type. electricaL
The machines operaxln^ th<»ia are
placed in a snb-basement below the
lowest landing, tiros, in connecticn with
the shaft above mentioned, leaving the
elevator wella entirely unobstructed from
basement to top fioor. ¦
The cas-es an? of bronze metaL no -wood
work: being connected in any way- :with
eievatnrs or hatchways. There are'.also
two fast-running improved electric parcel
lifts running from basement to. too story;
and one parcel lift freni the second story
to the fifth. •; • .- v. •;::'-' ¦¦":¦'.:.¦:.-¦¦'¦.¦ if :.¦¦¦:¦:.:.
Thr<»e brcac! 'staircases.- open'.'frcrn'--±lie
Crst Coor to the basement 5tcryJ- ; t#o "-of:
which are also carried, up to .the'-. second.
story, and the -.other, the entire- heis-Iit
of the btrildinr. In. fhe center or : - the
building is a Iarsr?- open "coart- • thirty by
f.fty feet extending from the --first -.storr
thrararh each of the Cccrs' to the-vroo*;
where it i3 covered by a skyffght .of .the
same area. This, together with the large
plate glass windewrs and prism glas^.nsed
in tran3om3 botn. tract anil rear;' ¦ 'gives
splendid light throaghoat : the.' buildings
making it. without doubt, the best-ttrhted
store building in the West- "•'•:.':'-¦'¦'"/•,¦¦. :; •-¦'••.;¦¦.
The elevators are Inclosed •'.wltii/drna
mental bronze work; the rails ' '•¦around
stairway and Ilghtwei! are. v .also/.- crna-.
mental - bronze grills. ¦' All- /the-'-'.-ffhish'
throughout is priina.-vera. and mahogany ;- :
Crst story fixtures betear tn primal vera;
and . the. balance of fixtures and finish-of
biilding. mahr^any.. making 'a rich --coia*
bination of eclor. . ¦ ¦: ¦':••.->>•••> -Iw
The • building- fa heated by steam.^ and:
lighted wtth electricity thron^faotit ; the
wires are all inclosed with Iron armor
ed conduits. . ' ".' ..:.-:;'
Above the first floor., midway between
that and the second is a mezzanine floor.
extending across th» Stevenson-street
front, in which are the ladles' parlors.
reception rooms, also manicuring depart
ment., toilet rooms, etc.
On the third 2oor ar» the bo3ices3
o£w and the private offlces of the indl
vtdTial members of the company, with
lavatories, toilet rooms, etc: the cloak
rooms, lavatories and toilets for eai
ploye3 telng situated fa the basement.
H.OTV HALS BROS.' NEW STORE LOOSS ZN'SIDE AS VIEWED FROM MAIS ENTRAXCE. THE STRONG LIGHT
:¦': ;;; TTHICH SHOWS THE DETAILS OF THE PICTURE TO STTCH GOOD ADVANTAGE COMES THROUGH AN IM
-,.-.-• .vJO^Sr:,SSyHGHT.;. THE PEOTOGRAPH SHOWS THE SECOND AM) THIEI> STORIES
'.-iTbe ¦iqjftirf. ; «iti3.n.**. : "pn-.' : Market street ia
tw^hryrtwp feet : .wide. ;wtth show wtndowg
on : '-'«!.tlier:.- side;;. thirty^six feet front and
twelve-.; feet- deey.:.;practically ail ?Iass,
being large rplates ..set in metal frames.
The entrance doors . are also nietal of the
same cfcara.cter.vlt;. dark copper brcrnzie.
- Thr^e passenger ¦ elevators are placed
at the west wall near the center of tile
buildinsr,. with a combination freight and
passenger elevater.at the rear, opening to
Stevenson'- street; -All counter-weights,
cables, stc.. connected ;-witli the pa«serxs»r
elevator, are Inclosed with, a fireprorrf
shaft tack cf them. : Tte elevators are cf
\-iThe. foendatiqn' and' .taiement walls are
of: : ".'cofneretev' withV'side'Vand rear walU
aboVevci-brlcfcStee;! columns and jrfrders
are ; ;"useil//throug-h0tit\ : : the : .\btill<ilns-. -.with
¦-^feprpef ' arches ¦•'•¦¦f c.r.-'.-, lower: •.-.¦ floors. All
''wc^;co;^t^cyo.n;\;thro.ug'hdiit -the fc-cllti
¦ing;i^:c6yei»d.-with'.ni^til-iith and Alpine
.c^meatf-.'iniking ; the -structure practically
'-nrep.rp6f.'..-.:-. ':.".';'•¦.' ¦'¦¦!¦..'¦'"¦¦<: i',.r ..."¦'¦¦¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ -.
'¦ :: TKe.- he.ljsrh ?''¦>? 5 ' theo.feasesae&'t . story':''.Is
.•el^y^ti-i'feefivf^st .st'oryi .twenty feet ta the
{clffljr;? s^cofi'iiiand.- tilrd: ; ?tbries. fotrrteea
feet'-eac 'rj.' ar.;i. xhe-ifpcrtli.: and : &f th. stcries,
.;twelye'feet.?.eafih.¦•¦¦.'•':..¦;.;:..:.;;. ¦¦. '¦'¦:¦ ¦ . : -:..-. . ¦"•:
•tormsercfcil purposes, the object beta*- to
¦¦obtain".'. the '/lar.z* gla^s a^ea. re^jxdred In a
¦b'uil.ding : ;d<.: ; thi3 character, without de
.••traLcting •¦from'' -the.' strengtfl and digniry
so : -.:;c.hii^.c'terj3tic of this style cf arrhi
'.ceCaxi^.^vTh'e;" second stn — !s. treateil In
; heavy.:'^Tuaticate*! blocks, ¦with fia; arches
over.-. the .bpeninsra ;• the next two storte3
¦c.ontinu©us';:.ci>iumn3 supporting the fifth,
.which' 'farma'!: : ?Ln,:-cmamen'tal frieze, above
which Is the. broad, classical cornice sup
ported on modiilfocs richly carved, wtth
¦a:-.- ; pIain'..-'-,bgi;ustrade •• surmounting : . the
: whcle.. ¦-,'•: : '-: ¦¦¦;'>- : : ";¦¦¦: • :^.\-'- ¦.:¦¦'¦¦¦' •. '
V.ThiJ 'front is designed In the Renais
sance . ..aa nearly as can be adapted to
cost cf mere than CCO.CCO. To-day- all de
parcaent3 will be decorated with fresh
cut Cowers and an orchestra will furnish
music from cpenir.;? to closing time.
: The building- has a frontage cf 3S feet
5 inches on Market street, extending
back IT) f^et to Stevenson street, wltn
the same, fron.ta.jre on that street. Tt\«*
height, nve stories, on Market street. U
Sis feet' above the sidewalk.
' :: - ; ; jar ; v N'; : '«vent; 'ih-.'Sin .-Praiciscan- cem^
..-• jrtl ,-;be ./nrarked
'.:'XJ^ 't-j morning when. Hale Brcith T
.'.'^ ¦: .:-.^-.er3'-. : r.«?.w---3tcr<i-'-ls-'.throwa : cp«Ji; .to'
th* tut lie* The- new building is
%-l : ;i?. . cn«j,--o S /Tth^ ¦ handjo^nest
iti^ictur^^-Cnj;iiiu;taQrc^£Ja^^/v.;- ¦'¦,¦¦ ,V
¦¦>¦ ;K<> <e sp>rL?e ' ; 'h ; a> >been. spifeii ¦•' v ti.}:.£t jfegl
.¦ajt.i;:.=:>:'e-^;:*h;^A.<vari;';s;:^'e : partm*n.^§:;
In. all I.*"-« ti* =->-i Is it:t? varted
¦;tias-i-. A-y- .o:. v .er-..^?.irtn:*r.t:Vstcre:".ln
tiia rit- or the W«t. Tfce shcrw case?
i 4^J-:^e/;mc^t;.>.Lab<!;rA^V :^'r^'«
iw^^^LiJIy;^ei^*d-'.<^ : ?^*:-;B^th^;
. e^j : * ¦ >iar^:. v..::f . - ; ti^^ ; ar^VX Ii*i;r^I; vOlni^e "
w;th- sivrji ij .-f tir.y e>ctric bulbs, which
en» a rreit idva-tajre to sn rp^ra La
r.cwr.i th» £-ois th-y c -nto.n
: : y:T>^.-: :^= =.:.'- : :>;:;-S.,r-x;!»~;
.hy.wey^r.-i'LV it-he s.ys:te=a ¦,•;:¦: .v-ctilaclbn'/ind
the-inar-r.cr ir. which it is lighted.
Tte c-=rart m»r.tj are placed In large
.¦rf-i>r>s'. ¦<¦<.— '-¦:- i:r^. i.i^:-^- -<-ourt. ';¦¦¦ At
:.'ihe ; i t pi-;;-;;* ¦-'>::.» >i:"o : uir: '.is.';.aj±." 1— •T^ensey.ga^r.-.-
''w'ni'-^t :i; ife V^' : \-i 'tiz'r. ;¦ ¦; vi^yl'i^h'j'-rjtp ;
•evtrry ;ar : - -""r- it. I will prove of
z-r-^j.: cec--: :: ;-""- — • rs The air plant
;c-;-niis-i''-'- : t:\":.V^r*r^' : - : ;-=''f:if^^/;v^4tiIa.;qr3.
plir^-i --ir. ¦ --- Ta::-.a: fr^-v--*"- . int^rvala
a-.-i to ti- r>:f. Th»se venti
;i"r-- ir.'4 --- lowi u 'i: 12 th-e Zzst*
:-^^t^;-;;Th>< : ;^t-:.;^%5^:^rii:^.;...ii.;;^
•creaify ¦¦ -w-?. . - ¦?. -: 3<r.h ; :jh ¦;¦.?¦: rma : . a:; 'p leaaing.
contr-iit to - -•* r-:r..a.-vra -i='i
«:ti=?s Prjra-v»n 15 4 c-au*iful Soutfi
¦^grioaiKw^ii.C.trvi:--ci^y.\tr2i^:a^Ld.
: ¦'}./ ; ; .-- ;
:r.^^Vvir b t.;-!!.:or"ls.V.t^en:iip;-b7 :; .th».-.dry
¦e-.-<i ?v .••cai'i?.; "¦perfumery L- . aUvei-ware..-and ¦
: r;bbc'iiV-.yi?partaiejitsi:4--The i ' .second ' is' d.«^
•Tote'i'i' c-iliinery.--ai>i-.!in?Ti- ; tJ>' ; sroodsv . ; -On'
'the ¦ tKlrd- tiMT -t-h'ft '" 'china- . aid.. glass ware
'.¦.<igpartn:ier.t3'- are ;;placevj. -a-s-.ts also' the
ro»--'-.se<:tibrL :^-;The:-.st..-c:k : rccsis -o<cxrpy the
fcf'urth Soc'r:' ;to^e'tlie3:-..with- a- rtiacir. room
•for/rernployes; 1 . -;' : . ¦>. '¦'¦y'-r.----'^.'.--.---'.,: :~^V
. ¦-;-Tt'e ¦eatlrJ&'.-stcre. wjas ere£led-'u4t total
Series ; cf .' Clcsilj^C.c^i^^- '-Attletis
est±ig" F«tT2irs': ;: cf th*
Special- r-lsra* """ "^~* CaE.
—OS ANGELZS^pt. 3Q.— This has been
rllis' day in thi-*'. : nVcic of the wcods. Once
a year the- terd-'-Vi Southern Califarria. as
sembles axiZEcif'&eaX. near Baasett Sta
tion, for a iJ-:'\ out:-?. Tien ii is that
care and w-rry ts fiM'fVt*Tn, and old and
ycuny are -tit for a. good time. Sedate
business — <n frisi around liie ta.by Zlks:
pc!iticia.-^5 fcrjet that" fences are to b«
io«ke<i ifter and election day is near, but
they ESS footraces, wrestle. Eiay at po
lice—en. and eat. -drink and be merry. The
outiny trs-dav was -o exception to the
r->. TThen the special train left the
Arcade depot at S:45 o'clock f^** mcrrrLng'
'.-. iscre Sil Elks. These represented forty
l^vi^es thr-cujrhcut the ccuntry. Even tie
mother lodgt. New Yori No. I.' was rep
resected by J. J. V. O'Connor.; i=,' eld
member cf that lodge.. Every ledge ¦•' in
tiis district sent a deiesratiou. . *J-=-ta Ear
bara had VJ here. P..^i-irjii3 the same : num
ber. Fresno «. Bakerstield J.san. Diego 10.
On arr.Ti^ at Basse tr.;fft«.tlp«ctlj* herd
marched to the baxbf-??^grounds,'.-where
the refreshment, conisuttse ¦ had .' provided
everything necessary/.; .'f of J >a- •;£rxt : -cias3/:
feed. The g~o or ¦i>.;-a.'r» -. ; .the TSpest ;iq.. : :.:Th tX '
»*>ctics cf tr*- ocii'try'vi -They: ¦ ire;'-sevecS •
:«n miles f--:r= >ii^^-.-:*y.;arL'i\ir*?a\:;;tu::y : -
laid out ami arras^^;>-;r.;s^ci;-:^ ; "6c^a;i..;
tion as rhe cne '.<*¦: tQ-iay.'."Afier;'::ie"-:bjir-^
b*cu* the procrA%rae.jaiC-arpptjCa
«>-i. 1= this Santa;:E^rari.vsrT.-r^;I.^s-Anv'
reles a ?varsi rsjs.. = Sec5e:W"ii:.^'-- ; a:!3«5?i'r. -iiij.ii'.xiie.':
pns*5. Th* bail giis^-.WtWS'r.^ St : r.::j.- : E.krf.-.
tari and Li^ A=^eles"^ai;e'i: : t:v^y±rii^s;:
r»< litmg in the vitiscrs winning fcy a
« •¦¦re cf I to 0. •¦•'!:...•¦ : .-'-_-,-i:".'..--.:".:" : - '..¦-¦.,.¦.
*ri.*.Vi a;lsc '. *'¦:; -rhe '¦¦• s 4J^:'f:»ir.'
i-^m I-^s -* t' 1 ** •.••¦'-¦•7 v »«-.-.«'» '¦:¦". }¦ -'•¦*- " ;^rrl.r~ :^
spends fcv
"ccmi^j? its 'wayT- :•¦;; n ".¦•'th> ¦s'tirt.-.-iiriii^culiV
izjs it.c-ver the-dei-;i:i~V''bii:ri" ; i.tv^:' : i::3 : re-^
c<3r^r. This cive'i".:;r4'---<i:v*r'--cu? Jr. j^n'irto.
Santx HArt3ara.:ic!ut-':r,-=:^t-Vii^;-r-ii : it -at;
the next rod**>.-: •^: ; -v.-f;:^'V:'- ¦.¦*';-•-.¦.:¦ .^ :¦/•.;;¦;-;•,;
Thert was-'a^-fifX^viSl • j'iAiH^f S^;m^ri;
rlei men cnIy::^:X>us.:=wa5^.:iiK-:;n.:^0T- i'ej- :
£tr«r«t fc"u7-en'r:ten<i^£t .':- : Perry- :; -ijpwifd;;
f.---'.z Hi— ¦ "L-:.\t. i. ¦¦•i^-'rh'-Ii'-'rV ' -¦¦>?¦: :- : --f- "¦ : .,,...;.
¦T:e sack ri.v. p. ;..-ui-j '-a.— -i. -w---.
t- vr. S. TTi^^iii :.^f-;3iita:5.ir':.aray^'- ;
1= the :
exalted r-cier. ;r-vr-i :: c^ t.-..? -r^^i-^st.
..-* :>--;¦• ir--i.;' .la^iv- *-r- ; : : sir^''-» ; yvm^- :
- .zht c^^;^sevi»n^>tart-rv : v:5": ; r*':^aii;
¦: i- r-f.:r- :V.:r--=sliir;,th*.I.^^:%a-A-z:
r.xolted - R->fV?Jci:rfeQ, ;^;or,:->a-id;.Viimes
7--r --r«"=->2-x^I;:;r-i^-.Hv?-;t -.)-r -•'>.:;-5i.-.'-i-
Eartari mer_-'-Me5sier^\;-P T v:-ctin » : 'i^!i tWiJ- :
liams wtnri-^.frcm":;iIc5piV : ar:.ii:'r.-'Keni?
nedv cf this «fty. X J ff.-'i
There wepp- »<»V«ri:-y«r<*<ia: -'^v^ri'-sU^lJc'*
there was nBth>=^.:-q;V™;~^^.t'!.i?:;;:tn>aLX-'-i
Ot:« very pre"y- : .y:>.- 3 ~ ;i7. ;: it:5-: i'-.'^.{ic>'
'•¦"•- the Elka^arris-^i^ir^i-^er^uidis^
This was tie' *; najT: ;:-i£$iz£: - %i : th4'- : ~I^i
f<-r=i*<i a ri=«-:-'-ircri:'J;'a-:2a3--«-i^."-;;a:^.i'.
cf Santa, Ba.rtara." I^-^yev.-rhe. stirs'"'¦--and.'
srri-es were, ka^Ifl' c^ -iinii .ir^ic:- ; ct;j±^
t.-ir.c and." the /.gtny.n.g r oT- ¦••¦••Tbe. V-".S'par-':'
spangi*d Banner/'. ¦: -"It-: ;j wis'-a:-p.r^ti7 : - ind'
tarrintic feature. •;•" ¦"¦>." ;.*'.' -¦;"-• '.i."-;| •:'.v- ; ." : : .'*v/: i :
*a!Cxj5- ir all. lsari.:tSe :: 'i— iirV-Vas'.-th*'
m -« Biscceufd ever.- glyen-'-ty " .:.An- ; Lbs. :
?«>5 Lrdsre No. S3. ¦4=d-'lt i; -t?.-:.£otiHi-:''.fas
the excellence of its'.ente'nainnieiita:'/-.-. ..'
3O 33 FOITS^> IT LOi-ZlYiSPOT
GrrsTicne Disccvery-. Hide-:. -try. B47?'
Fp^cia: Dta^atra ta.Tb* .Calll-' ¦;:'¦.• .•'.;.¦.:/.•
5ANTA P-OSA; ;^S*j»t. : - .K.^FT^ef :~Te>ry' :
azd Marcel Dice; tTra..".fcoy?j i*ii:4 '^tust-'
'..-? en the E-tchisca- rir£hV-;4Lic"ct.er«<J. :
the body cf a well-dress*d : '•mai-:Jri=-»;i:arr : :
tlally in a s hallow trr'iselc-- Th'^ij's'wis i:oth--'i
Jn«- abc-t the p*rr5;3r: 'by--1«-.--'-i;':::i^--.h<:> J Tr';
pom i !--* Mentfftjwtf. Jt,l«'-teIie.tM:xHe'"Siini
cm— J:t*(i suicide-"'!!: ti« .lcJ9tljr.''«poi i 6tl
whiefc his remains 'w^ra r^rtff "--.{- *-'? r/- 1 "1
Tb« fcevs brousrht dcwri a'.'s-.iufrrel.-frfitn-!
a tree. It feH-'ali^cjc.th^'.-ci^eeki'-arid.'rhey'
rac«i 1c-»t: the. tinitto pick Er-up: ¦
w«re CT*r:!le<i c- reich:si i "ti:e'*oct;'c-f.':'r>e'.
hfj to f.-,i the bed? of .Vtei^:lyfc^ fx«"|
c:w=waj-i with his feet in -the" water: V v
Ccrc-e^ Pierce was at ecce notiied. aid '
a= autopsy will be beld. TS:<?r<» was cot>
~* i ". -7 e -^tfcire but a rsatciaaf*. hand
kercnief a-d ;m? cf tctacco.
Ccllizs B*caprcred.
PHDEMI, Ariz.. Sept. 30.— ILeonard
<To^lis. c-» cf two trren wio rebbed th e
ll*=sa praB-nffict of rJMi La staspa a=J CM
In eata tii:r^a7 and wto aft»rwar-I
trcke SaSL at T«mpe. was recanttrred :n
ti^ dry this a.ter:oos by Sherl^ ll^rray
Kis «J«a?^e I».-Jtai at'larjre. Kis trail
was .:-o»« ov*r a circuitous roite from
.<?=p<? to Fh. *-ix an-i deputies ar^
s^arcnir^ alon^ th<? trail for bo^ty c*>-
I:eved to fee hi.id-n.
Indian. Shot.
SA?.' DIEGO. S^t. :o.-I>cr!=jf a firca
ker: tow at tie ftuHaa Rancherla Jca: ;
b«7cnd ITiaaicn Vai^y to-day j?>^ itirta :
13 years rL.i. shct an I-<1^- ca=.-*i oon- i
ra.es Ti:- *=<—« w-r-i th« abriocaen ;
&r.i the w-und is prcbabiy fatal. i£ari.i_ ¦
wro ca=e cere from Lower Ciljfsrnia re- !
certly. Is a. r;'^rn»L3cae Indian md has
iriven the pebee censid^rahie trcuiie He''
ran a-way arter the stocttn^. ' " '
a —
Pasters to Be Beassirrei
FH0ZNTX. Arix, Sept. :\-Ti* Ariz.:
ajechod^tt Confen-nce WZ1 d,i t3-mcrr-»
with the asslgnrsent cf paatcrs. A chanjci
wta be made bs Ter=pe and ier^S.
rtiurches. Blsscp Kamilto address^
tiree ceetlr^s ts-day. cne a ctloa lernci
cf *2 the local churrhes." fh* Ei^h"-
leaves to-ccrr^w for El Posq 1p cne- th'
Texas cosLferecce. •; « '-' f
,,'¦-= "^— • ! 1 . \ • '¦•
C2mMnaii = Arrested
RlCRATfESTrOv c S(?pt. \ K^Cics^Li'
CottreU ¦if-XT^r-it Grove arrived'«i'mid
-i^rht with a CMsXsatK named Uk''Sizxr'
wfeca he arrested "-this -evesiii^- at •Couri'i
land as Accessory'- t.6<*'the 'Eurfier << -Ah
Low last Wednesday an-l'lhe .woucdHs-'cf.
DraTrV Carbolic A*-*^
SEATTLE.* TTash..° Sept. 30.— EKrafc^th
Lazjley. 24 years c? i«re. wife cf a Da*
*cn thearrical man. "committed suicide at
her home in .- this city thi» L morcia? bt
dT-irterg cartxjllc -arid. Th«,<!ase is a ern3
tery. She leayes , three., Uttle. daug-hcers
cere. Her fc-sbard.Iarfci thexorth.
Bcdy roirad°ia a Scs^h.
LOS ANGELES. r Sept ; 20.— The body.cf
a= c=Ascy»a mane abotit o °Sa years of aj^»
wu dlsecvered ' this a&rsizjr ia Cler.es^a
sloc^b. There irere co marks t pf vtoiecc
nzO. death ts attributed cto drowninj?;
Seeks to Ei£d°.Efs XiTe.
S-^TA CRUZ., Sept. a.-Thia mcrnir-
J".)eeph Euelia. a*«i c 3 years. 0 attesrpted
t-> commit suicide at his home by shoot
tr?- hlszstlf above 1 the heart wlrh a piatoL
4£ia recovery is doubtful. He was d»
apendent.
None Other Like It in the West— Hale Brothers' Enterprise Stands
at Length Complete in Every Department.
Herd ! MaKes;:;prry %. 0
GronDds at iBassert .
; ;:r: ; ;;Station. - '
HIGH CARNIVAL
HELD BY ELKS
IN THE SOUTH
Seen .il Dtajargft to The Can.
SAN* DIEGO. Sept. 30.— Ther^ are faHy
a thousand visitors at the annual tum
fe3t j or the Southern California, district
and the number thers are ciosa to two
hundred active men^bera o* the Turner
societies. The day was spent in. a grand
picnic ax which <•>•» tsmin? and rtile
shaatin;? contests took place. F. N-
Scofield was crowned kins c" the ri2e
nen, far not only did be win. the first
prize in a general shoot, but defeated
John Hanerwaaa cZ Los Anj^iles In a
special shoot at SCO yards, each to have
nfty shots with a possible scare_ of
twenty-five paints on each shot. Sco
fieid'a score was 1C02 asui Haserwaas
score 379. The announce nient at the prizes
was made at the ball this evening. San
Dtejra sinking section takes the first
prize and Anaheim the second.
The championship medal aacn? the
rifiemen g-oea to F. -i. Scofleld wiih a
total of 2)5, the second prize soes to
Joseph Singer with 234. El^nteen other
marksmen faced the butts.
Anaheim secured the team prize for
turning. San Eie^o b^in? second and Los
Angeles third, but San Diegt> captured
first nrixes In the individual turning In
two classes and Lcs An?eles took the first
prise in the other class. Charles Kauir
mfrr-TT af Saa Dteso won the first for all
Turners.
The first priza is field spcrt3 west to
Joseph Bani3 of Anaheim, and the second
to G*or?e Klelber of Los An?eles. The
prize for weight lifting- went to Henry
Ea«r at Lea Anjrelea, and the first prise
for fencing- went to, F. Walther, also of
Los Angeles. ¦ ¦ ¦•'. '•
Hundreds "of Peopla Attend the Pic
nic and Witaess ths Ccntsst3
of Skill and £ndxir> ?
ance.
F. N. SCOFIELD THE MONARCH
Awards at the Mnal Fest
of the Southern
District
ACTIVE TURNERS
CAPTURE PRIZES
AT SAN DIEGO
PALATIAL NEW STORE NOW
OPEN TO CITY'S SHOPPERS
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, : a -OGTOBEB I, 1900.
En. Bcute to Asiatic Station.
Special Dtopaica. ti* The Ca!L
VALLEJO, Sept^30.— Two htnuired ma
rines from the East arrived at Poist Rich
mond to-day and were met by the teg
Active and conveyed t» Alare Island,
where they win await transportation to
t b» station.
TIidd«itl£sd at tlie Morgue.
The Body of the man who wa3 kfll«l by
a Mission-street electric "car Sattarday
nlyht at Sixth, anil Mission street3 Ees
at the Morgue awaiting IdestiScatloo.
Burins? yesterday many persona viewed
the remains, but none af them was able
to give a clew to the identity of the dead
5
UriaSt Rainier Beer. th» only beer ca the
Pacific Coa3t that rec«£ve<i a medal at the
Paris Exposition. < ' •
LADIES- ONIA"
SS3SE3T3 M5S133STIJiIE WSE3 !SEJU3IIin
ia«ila»iT r-itiii«. hMsmLtam, pMtnLeam; i>nua wr»p-
o«t-^ »«eirr»ly p«-fc«l. prtee tT» Tn Osi*.
fa ttntT ciX.JSttg^Ltrt«rt Btttj— Hn Jiaart'tce-Cj^.
JP^ MEN
Xr£?''^aa lost vigor
Sjf '^f restored:
g&S&r^r-* OH. GQQrEH & CO.,
DR.PIERCES
GOLDEM
MEDICAL.
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
BLOOD. UVER. LUNGS.
§\im. >ieo«. virAunrforMr«»
MORTON- BISHOP'S POLS
hav* teen in tae oT»r fifty
y*ar» fcy tie Iead«rs cf tie
Mormon CSsrcJ* and tietr fbl-
Ic^reri Poalttrely tui'a tie
»arn cases In. niii .is-i tuobs
xr-jirir fmra eCecsa of aeif-
abese. •il33'.;.-ir;cn, ezs»3«s ;r
cljarett*-smcl£lz^. Cirea Lest
Manliood. Iaarctancy. Lcat
Po-»»r. Xlstt Losaea. Xzsczn-
ala. Pal=s to BacJc E>1I D«ir«. Lasis Back.
ry. Lcsa cf setaea. par Varlcocele cr Csa-
tti?at:on. St=ts Me «3 C J rroua Twltcntn^
cf E7?Iiii». E2!ct9^T^Tea re tsm«lUte.
laicart yiscr ami *»*••" *~pcteccy ta erery
rtrnctton-iv. Don't e«t deaoacdeat ; a. <r=r» ts i;
»»»r>«f Rgatai'ga small. txiilar—Iccrf orfass.
Stiaidates tS* brain actl net-»e caarers; 50c a
fccx; 5 Car C &» by nail a wttttei ?nar»nt« ti
ccre-cr incne7 r»f3n<Ie(l wtti 4 tcres. Crcnlan
fr«e. Addre» BISHOP RT1CEDT CQ. « EI2s
st^. Saa Fraaciaco. CaL, GEAST D3.UG CO..
a a=i± « Thlrf. «t-
ma:ln c^s SArrr^AT a^i> sr^rDAT.
Tie ' Gr^at • Ezsliai: iLv'r.z Drssa.
C-^AND CPERA HOUSE
The Sporting Duchess.
EVETSTXG. FRICZS—^lOc.', lie. .2ie. wJ>c
.-/. -A F*» Frrac Eirsr* !i - Or»:h«str* : ,
KATir^rS FHTCHS— lOe. , 15c. ZSc SOe.
I -'¦''¦' ' . Sif'Wm^jic
••'•: Branca X!c4«" .Ot^ce— Eteyrrtjaa.
;-Tke" ; iaffi haEaa Craad Opera Ox
j ; ¦ • IATa:" -Friiay- - X;?!!:^ "JXZSTf
~. :£~iX7 S'isZz. -THOVATOliS."
•<r»j^«- I^:;. 33c. StiCisae, S<r. SJc.
\T.f ETLXXXGHOtTS3 Free. i=»i "«ir.rr.
MATTXHS SATTHDAT— TO-JTIGHT.
A. SI. • Pa^ner** 3-E?T3ATTOjrAl. FA3.C3-
"THAT MAN."
?7»3tfzz*-* tr-ti* Onnedlan.
/WALTER WALKER.
Tie Daiarr CorTi^llegjg.
3CS3 trr^rvp^rt ST. pt^.j>t. ""
J And a Strans Cctnca=T.
Next' Sunda7 . Artsmarc— T^e Rjccri-cr«ii? #
i Ecrr.'a V«r B«s^- -
' '• ¦ • **^\ T *a tS f^»^
Frna itaiilaon-ariTiar* T^n»oi.-r. ;»<-•»• Tor*.
Popolar Prtc-~»^E>i?Ei3y. I^r. Sc. 3-«r. 50c aarf-
T^r; ILzrlnee. He. i^i i£c ?"^c:a Scuta
Z3L
NTTT T02S. E«5t. a-TS« pcllc* taT« «-
eert-d tin tS«rorr ttat Charl«M S- Pecfc ta«
«*•<! rw>I gataig '¦.-*>r fmr-iH d<-a.i early TJiiira-
:.i7 t"«jj nlTig ca S»»v«:te«ntS «tre*t, vu "nnt
tsurierec.. but afiero taTts» fall«» tn tie
ttreet asa fract-red Ms gksil, wa» r5fcb«i
AT>U }•; p, W r. 'i 1 <L
TELEPHONE GRANT 3a
CO:**
O=r "Special Rednctfoa" Sales
are comprised,, of "staple"*' gtjcdi
known to the trade and mean a sav-
ing to the btryer. Every article guar-
anteed — money rctt^ned if nssatis- ¦
factory.
SPECIAL REDUGHOSS .
MQMOAY— TUESQAY- -WEDSESQAY
0 K mil fe n 3 M S2.QD
EegTlarly U n^on. QaZan. $ZJ0O.
Km Ccffefi fcom iifSS ric2t !*2 2Cc
Resolarlr 25c Kaastad a=d ji'juaJ
fresa daily. Ecsa. «eent» t3 hare caasnt
the Dc=nlar fancy.
Rifr^Iartr Tir. VTalat ce Parrae. Car-
cation PtnSt. Rcyal Daiar, LUac and
SaadaTwoexI.
Tug Little Wodsr 5Gc
E*s^!arly Comstned Eir Bciier.
Pcacher an«I Saacesan.
Si3*t Jlpafe Gtiar 121 5Cc
"De Lc=*s." Flm of tie seaacn.
R*g. 3)c Fis«at tspcrtad— larsis cam
[nparlad fsr : * got Sl.35
E«j. C. Extra Susericr Lcadoa Doct
G&S832 Susfeis&is pi| 3Qa
"Easti^n." r 1 •-- i rr-di Sy eijr^aa.
SillCGS ¦' 4 fir 25c
IWiIartv- : fjr CJo. r=raru a i*au-
. Urul Ic3t»r to gol<i. atlT«r as.i piit«I
"ftmita- tfa Gal Glint $2.93
R«T^ar!r case t dos. ijts.. C 73.
R«?. case 2 dos. ;cj.. tt £3> 43J>O
Ej«t:Iar!T 3 enkrt Zc Flawt sea?
isaile for tt« n*? cf wsclesa. Ia.:-_ r .
Itnpns cr ti« ines t iiir.o.i. •. ' . :
Galifarala Figs. tMs saasca's 15 IGc
Lsiitils, Gannaa Ispirtid v 3 15 s 25s
Goal Hods, Galiiiiizgd Ima •¦
S r-ic?f«. '¦ • •'.".' ¦'¦'¦ I* fcicies.
Ke». 3S& ¦ ¦¦-•' .. E««. «c
3C<rw SS«^ -.- -' .'•¦.•¦. ?»ott 3Oc
f»l2!l JC Aaotaer shtaaein: of "K Msrier
ulSnua li.^s sli» Jnat in C^atn EiTaaa. . . •
CctsnTy order3 grve^' close irtsdr •
tidl. ¦ ¦ :. ¦ - -'-.'V; >'£ ' = "•¦¦:, ;
j flVHPATRt^4F
THIS YOU UNS
MONDAY CF FRISCO
NIGHT MUST SEE
¦ra» ?•- X. 3CatoIra=aitc
i WE UNS OF
TENNESSEE
CXiIGINAI> SCE3TSST. cFSCZAl. CAST.
2XATC»2SS 3ATTaPAT AN"O SOTDfAT.
j SEXT WcH - - PJ3J31SE."
JCHUTES_and Z00
coaaEXCiSG to-day.
MR. and MRS. CONGO
ASSI3V;£D ST
BABY CONGO
ET2HT A5TEENGOS AXD ET22T2KJ.
A51ATEUR MGHT THURSDAY.
Tctgjftrme tg'Smtv r-iri SL
TANFORAN FAIR
GRAND SIX-DAY HAH5ES3 3EEZT-
DfG BZGDJS Z02IDAY,
OCTOBE3 Isz.
t'3 Pace. -With 12 Eisrte»— Ptiriw C5P*.
2:3» Xroe. "WTth C Entriss—Parw HX0.
rpa?f» WSSTSHN STALLTOX 3TA2Q3L
Stanera:
XO2ST33ST. CSTTO. ALTA T2T-A AX9
I2A^ AI.TO.
AH t£s CracJt Drrx-rs WE B« m ti» 3z2cr.
S^rst Bace at I: JO ;. s.
— ,>» SJilBi. E:3>. C^». 1^» «rai Ii23 Trai=j fees*
TTrtr-W imt T3traae=i±.
H3^THT J. CEC*rKSn. Prsat2est.
CZO. A. NS"JFHALL, Secrstorj.
Mcll and 3fcl£=n. CarroC BBttert ZTILj. D*
Gcaco Brotien. Antonio Tzrsu. ati* Xntsca
xi.1 N**-» IXiV.^^ Piecsrw. MSf<uy|
Rcsened Se&Ok Se; 3£i^se« Scst2x7.
0P5TS XIGHT3.
Oren I>aCy Frcst 7 a. ax. 6> tX > ah,
Batlttes Fsa T a. gi. a U »¦ 2V ¦
A StOOSI. C3» KIO3 r^.A^a v.i..._j.j:v ;~.tjt
CAMILLE mVILLE !
¦tczsa. KXvasz^Err A?r*> cca?.orT.
" VrXTSK JLNO CJiljyWTZ.U .£OL3 A3O
o "c rr z~* *° * .
'* 3d. A>T> K23. . JACSSOS. . . o-
H*>ene«I £«£». BaZccsy. I3c; Cpar*
Chairs, and -Be* S<^a. 53c, :
Ifarmee*. TTsdnesdax. SasrzrlxT aad 3rrrtT\T-
A Qreat Reception Last NigfiL
Another Big lit to Record-
EDDIE FOY^
la tie ZjLZesz Cfc=ed7 Sacceaa. •" *
A NIGHT if! TOWN,
AH Tiis VT^i. tzc2vT:r.z StauJar.
Price*— C. T^c S)e. — c and ISc
y«£ M.:E^.iy— Tta Ctttiaa; -QITO VAST3.*
*TS¥OLS*
REPERTOIRE WEEK.
I "MIGNON" ,
TwEotmr. TiM.»IaT. ScniiT STr*Tri. Sal:,:?-
"HUGUENOTS."
IL^STn^ CARMEN :
FKtOAYXICttT ¦- — —'— -"PJlU3T. m0
popcuds PHrcES^.. 1 .^. 0 .'..':— :.s and ; sae«st»
¦; •. •Tel.*ihcae; Ssah. X.
A pesslmfat' la a man wtth an tnsTmrtag-
(TruiiiFe against ¦htasanity =ta tesjeral *->'^
¦» Eatnler Beer bottled here; awarded med-
ial Paris JEIxpasUlon for pcrity and quaUxj-.*
Bad way's
\ Forelr ijvj;i!. =1M asd rttta&te. Gb3»»
pet feet eamslet* »-¦¦*
kealt2tfil resnlaritr.
For tie «art of a3 dlscrlers cf the -*tamaca,
Liver. Bcw«i!. Kidneys. Bladder. 5*enad» Ir-
rexalarltle& Sick H<»«rtar 1 Ti». Baunzsnosa. Cos-
. «ti5»t-tcn. 5-tI si aad all deraasstnests of Ut*
laccrsaE VLosn. Se * box. AC Dnx*x±>cs. «r
far maS. , BJLDWAX * CC. Star Tack.
j SELLING LARD irid int
] T7»a1 fars for cooktn^yis/jtexi
I when
y .a;-pare; : ;c6coinnt ;. prcxiuct^
IS BETTER for cooking. \
I : A trial will convince yon.
y Ask yotrr grocer or write
I India Refining Co.
Jp3S^c^^-5 i '^ s ~ ind:?t«tion cr
t<Mf ""^ ¦tcmaca traTibla
T&. S^ J ~ i: azzCZ ** z^~
ra n JP^m lie-red At cs» cad
\& «»vp*^vri? p«?rman'»T::Ir enrad
sJ&Jn f^° y DYSPEPSIA
/^"\^i^\\ At *H drsysiats,
* \*1 w "n^Tikjy to Health anj medi-
I ! r- cal advice free>. 13G3
1 Arch «r*et, FtZ^The yawl Frolic arrived from TJnga
yesterday with seventeen tons of con
centrates. She was formerly Charley
Fair's yacht, but was purchased by a
syndicate and took a company of stven
young Oaklanders to Nome. After land
ing them at the mines she went to the
Alaska Commercial Company 1 ? mines at
Unga and loaded concentrates for San
Francisco.
Captain Egenes of the Norwegian
whaleback Titania- arrived from Norway
via the Southern Pacific last night. He
was accompanied by his wife and son and
Miss Gusta Davidson. To-day there will
be a wedding. Miss Davidson Is the be
trothed of Captain Gulllcksen,- who is now
\n command of the Titania. The young
people were sweethearts when at , school
and now Miss Davidson "comes all the
way from the landof the "Storm Kins'*
"Water Front Notes.
The French bark Mollera arrived from
Swansea yesterday after a fair run of
ltC days. Captain Ancetln reports that off
the Horn he had a very b<id time of it.
On July IS in latitude 53 degrees 4S min
utes north, longitude 73 degrees 46 min
utes west, he spoke the French bark
Bretagne, now out ISO days from Ant
werp for San Francisco. Th«« under
writers did not like the long trtp the
Bretagne was making and 15 per cent has
been offered for a week to reinsure their
risks.
An Overdue Heard From.
several feet high around her. The Planet
is a small wooden bark and will probably
be a total loss.
The steamer • Curacao which arrived
from Mexican ports last Saturday brings
news of the German bark Planet at
Mazatlan. The Planet came from Guay
aquil to Mazatlan to load dye wood for
France. She arrived at Mazatlan on
August 4 and at once began taking her
cargo aboard. On September 3 the Cur
acac and Planet were lying together In
the roadstead. A storm was coming up
and the Curacao put to sea. After visit
ing the ports on the Gulf of Mexico,
Captain Parsons put back to Maiauan.
He found that the Planet was hard and
t&st on the beach with a wall of sand
Total Loss.
rled away. I don't think the vessel Is
seriously damaged."
The tug Rescue left last night for the
fecne of the wreck and the chances are
that she will tow the Jeanle off.at high
vaier this morning and bring her back
to port. The steam schooner is one of
the best known on the coast. She served
a? a tender for the Pacific Steam \Vhal
mjr Company's fleet for years and was
imcnfs the vessels caught In the Ice dur
iryr the memorable season when The Call
rent a relief expedition to the Arctic.
Since then the Jeanie has been over
hauled ar.d refitted. In the old days she
was ripged as a four-masted schooner.
Fince then one mast has been removed,
which operation has greatly improved the
sppearar.ee of the steamer.
ASHOUE AT MAZATLAN.
Bark Planet Beached and Will Bs a
Etnsr Netrburg. Peterson. 90 hoars from Grays
Harbor; bound to Santa Barbara; put la with
stmr Coronado in tow. •
Stmr Coroaado (new)/ Johnsoa. 90 hours from
Grays Harbor.
Stmr Greenwood. Facerluad. 16 hours from
Greenwood.
Fr .bark Moliere. Aacriin. 148 days from
Swansea.
Tawl Frolic, Rydell. 3) days from Unca.
SAILED. ' t ..
• Sunday. ; September 30.
Stmr Crescent City. Stockfleth. Crescent City;
Etmr Alcatraz. Carlson. .
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander. San Diego.
Stmr State of California. Thomas. Astoria.
. Stmr Newburr. Peterson, Santa Barbara.
Stmr. North Fork. McLellan. Eureka.
. Br stmr Wellington. Salmond, Chercalnus.
Schr Queen. Nelson. Port Gamble.
Schr Amethyst, Zimmerman. Coqullle River.
. Sehr Monterey, Beck, .¦* -
" Schr Lizzie Vance, Rourke. Grays Harbor.
Schr Ariel. Slater. Puret Sound. '• -
Bchr Bender Bros. .IVetzel. Bovecs Trading.
¦ ; ¦ : :..: .,-¦ ¦ - spoken. .-: , • , . -= ¦;¦¦
! Per Ft bark Moliere— July 1«. lat £3 43 8, loa
73 4S W.-Fr bark Bretagne. from Antwerp, for
San Francisco^ .
DISASTER. ...
Stiar Jeanie. hence Sept », for Port Anseles,'
went ashora oa» mile - ai»ove Point Arena at
Sunday, September SO,
Etmr Clecne, Llndqulst. W hours from Usal.
Stmr Alex Duncan. Guthrle. 9 hours from
Piceoa Point. ' •
Stmr "VN' H Kruger. Jfrog. £S honrs from Tll
lamock.'3»sfS>teM»5«» - ,«.--.,
Shipping 1 Intelligence.
to wed her lover in the land of "Fruit
and Flowers."
JEANIE GOES ON THE ROCKS IN A FOG
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRrV-B.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
- PORT TOWXSEXD-Passed up Sept 30— Br
ship Glenocil.'
Sailed Sept 30— Schr Baaror. for Honolulu.
SAX PEDRO— Arrived Sept W-Stmr Bruns
wick, from -San Dleto.
Sailed Sept IS— Schr Fannie Dutard. for Grays
Harbor. Sei>t 23 — Stmr Brunswick, for Saa
Francisco. Sept 30— Schr Mabel Gray, for Eu
reka.
SEATTLE— Sailed. Stvt »-Stiar Cleveland,
for Noe*. S«pt J&— Br strar Tartar, for Vladi
vostok. • . .
TERMKAL ISLAND— Sailed Sept 3»-Stmr
Geo i/oomls. for Saa Fraaclseo.
EUREKA— Sailed Sept 30— Stmrs Homer aad
Eureka, for San -Francisco. t > "
-OCEAN STEAMERS. : -c c
NEW YORK- Arrived Sept 30— Strar Ma'altoa.
from Londoa; stmr Campania, from Liverpool
aad Queens town: star Caledonia, from Liver
pool : - Etmr Rotterdam, from Rotterdam and
Boulogne; Ftmr Victoria, from' Marseilles,
Genoa and Narles.
Sailed Sept »— Stmr Sardialaa. for Glasgow
and London; stmr Furnessla. for Glasgow ria
Movllle. -•¦¦¦=' .<¦¦.-.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Sept 30— Stmr Sai^
on! a. from Boston, for Liverpool.'
Sailed S«pt 30— Stmr Etrurla. from New York.
for Southampton.
MARSEILLES— Arrived S«pt 30— Stmr Kara
mania, from New. York. , V
1:50 a o. Sept 30. Vessel lies on & reef. Her
stern post Is pone; vessel making no water.
¦ . NOTS.— In the abor* «xposttloa at th* Ud**
tie early morslsc tides ar« jtrea tn th« le»
hand eolsmn aad the successlv* Ud«s of t".-i >
<5"T tn.th* order of oecorreaee as to t!m». Tb<
»*con<t : Ujt« column rt-rn th» se«oad tld» oi
th« day. tl»« third tlta« eolutaa th« mird tlJ-J
aad th* last or rtg-ht taad colraa jt T »* ta«
last tl£»el th« day. except wi.a thera «r. bat
tare*- tides, as sometimes occurs. Th» helcV*
riTen are la addition to th* sonadicrs en -s-»
United States Coast Surrey charts, weeps
wfcea a mtaus siira (-> pi^cexSes U>« Hal^tit.
and th«n th* rsjunb«r clrea U subtracted from
S?-^^,^" 1 tT th ». c! »»«»- Th. pUa^ot
refereae* is the mcaa of. th* lower low wu«r«.
J Sun, Mooa and Tide.
Un*e4 States Coast aad G«>oaet!c Sorrey-^
TTmea and Heights cS HUh «Qd' Low
,.TVat«r» at Fort Point, cntzajtc* to Saa
( Fraadsco Bay. PuMtshcd by oriclal a-j-*
ttorlty of th« Superlatendeat.
NOTE.—Th« fclrh aed low wat«rt occur at
tls * dty front iMlssioc-str«et - wh*rf> abous
twentT-fiT. minute later tHan at Fort Point;
th* bright of tide ts «»• sam* at both places
The GlarS Powder Co. has 'rtec'ared CM
fend No. S cJ T3 c«r.ts per share.
Tb* medal sr.octlr.5— Chajsylon c'.ass, F.
Ba'jn'^artner. 4'.5; first claw. A. von Wye. z?%;
*^ccnd dan. F. C.*; th'.rd dais. A.
Mc«otti. ST7.
At the Harbcr View ranges yesterday
the Bwia K'.f.c Cub fhet at bullseyes.
P.es-Jlts:
J. S<rl>*rbti. F. Bxfjer. A. vea Wye. J. Se«
rr-.sn. Jr~- F^xrrtr. EJ Eat«r Jr.. A. MocotiL P.
Onc-». F. liaurar^rtner. -
Shoot at Harbor View.
HacFAELAND WINS ) AGAIN.
American Bicyclist Easily Dsfeats the
Frenchman Huret at Vincennes.
PARIS. Sept. S\— In the bicycle contests
at Vir.cennes to-day MacFarland easily
defeated Huret, the Frenchman, in a
twenty-five m;!e paced race. Time. 40
minutes 11 seconds.
The international Fcratch race of 1(¥V>
meters resulted unsatisfactorily. Cooper
v.a« beaten by Vanoni by half a wheel.
The crowd protested apainst the award
of the judges, declaring that the race had
been "Cxed." Cooper entered a protest.
Wins in One Kound.
SANTA CRUZ. Sept. CO.— At Boulder
Creek last night Bert Woods knocked out
Fre-1 Blar.chard in the f.rst round of
what was to have been a twenty round
contest. Time eiahteen seconds. There
tvas a large attendance. Blanchard was
taller and weighed twelve pounds more
than Woods.
Iilinor Baseball Games.
MARYSVILLE. Sept. SO.— The home r.lne
won from Gridlt-y to-day to a score of 12
to 2. Colusa defeated Oroville 4 to 3.
WASHINGTON. Se ?t- 3>.-The qaarterlr
etatement of the Crsimlssloner of XavJ-
Satlos. shows tha: SJS s«u vessels, of
SS.790 srross tenna^e. were built la th<s
United State? and Jdclally nurabered dur
ing the quarter raded September SO. D>\
Of the vessels instructed of wood 1*0
were pall and *~ steaxa. Or the steel
"v essels four were sail and 17 steazn. Ot
the whole nutrber 130 -were built on tha
Atlantic and G*H coasts. 2S on the Pacif.c.
22 oa the Greo: Lakes and S3 on the West
ern rivers. The largest tonnage. 37.037.
was on the Great Lakes and the next
largest wa*- on the Atlantic and Gul£
coasts.
A|rgregratinfr 8S.79O Tons,
Constructed.
Three Hundred and Eight Vessels,
CX5M3HSSIOXES. B-EPOE.TS
NUMBER OF SHIPS BUILT
YpFteniay's ecM nr.d <?isagreeahle
mother materially reduced the crowds
that usually enjoy the Sabbath at the
park &r:<J beach. Many persons as
' = F^rstled at th» music stand early in the
BftcxBOGB. however, though the majority
turned homeward befcre the ccncl'.is:on
of the protrrainEe. ¦'IrEsrriality** <Spa
d!na>. dedicated to Claus Spre-ckels. wa<s
r'-;>eated ar.d the applau^-e thnt- preeteU
It? rendition fcrc<?3 an *=r.cnre.
But one arrfft was madf- in the pa'k
th» «iay. A man civingr the r.ame
of John SriSllane was arrest«?d for <lrunk
cnr.pf? ar.fl h's r^nng children. wrh<-> -w^re
mith him. Frre tsirn in charsre by the po
lice. Th» rrtsoner'a wlft- called at the
Btatfoa later ar.d took the your-gsters
hcree.
The cpual bHl at th* Chate*
attracted a lanr* <rroird of pleasure seek- j
frs. Mr. and Mr?, and bafcy Congo con- '
EtttBtc Th« feature of the Chutes bill.
Satro's Baths also frrr^shec* enterta&K
Trrnt fer a larre crowd. Followtr.jf are
the results of the acquatlc contests at the
t*n£*r»'atcT s*imni!"p— J. flrtt; 'J. j
Krra. *f^r;ti(l
nivlns for plat**— J. IMr-T-. f.rrt rriz*.
J0ft-S-ar4 rac*. aTrat«TJT»— I>. Hond. r.rrt.
Sprtzxiio*Ti filrtng — IS". Carro!l. first prize; j
E. Fwst^rr. Mccr.l pr*.s».
Htfti d;rtnr-Jara« Cmrroll. first prize: A. !
?stb«*ry, swor.d rr*.;».
COOI. VIATHER KEEPS
THE PEOPLE IXDOOBS
Crcxrds That Ass^sibled at Park and
Beach. Ch.utss and Batts
Smaller 7h.an TJs-aal.
Each side won two (rasies. and ec aecrnr.t of
darkness Use final wu pcst;>eu<*J until next
Sunday-
J. RIordas and J. Hartow.. 21 n 19 17
J. Whit* and J. Co:iin* IS U 21 tX
r». Connelly ar.d M. Joyc*.. 21 H 21 13 21
P. Ryan a=d Z. McGicty... » 21 13 E. 17
G. B. HajTrar3 isd T. ¦ ' . •
I^ach :.:...: 21 ' SI 13 T7 TC
A. MeVlcker and W. F'.sfeer 13 II , n 21 H
G. McDonald ar.d P. MrKl==cn 21 . Jt n
M. McNeil and X* Escol>. 17 II J
E. "White a=d J. GlT-an ..'.... tl tl SI
G. Green and W. Johsscn l> 13 U
J. Lawless and \T. Villiasu tl 21 11
D. Connelly and W. Walsh ...... 19 . 13 H
P. Kelly and it rxJT-m n , 21 n
P. Hutchln»oa and W. Kelly 13 15 H
R. Kaussan ar4 W. Stapf 21 17 ,-21
J. Broyer and T. Serres .......... a n B
The folloTrins? handball matches vezn
played at the Saa Francisco * handball
court yesterday: ,
T. Finn and J. Ma=n!r.|r , ' 21 n 2t
W. CuinrnlsffS and 5. Garvey 17 U 14
Handball batches.
Oakland 3, Stockton 2.
POP" HARDIE. tenth man for
Oakland when he Isn't wanted \n
the field, was switched into the
game yesterday afternoon at Rec r
reation grounds in the ninth in
nlnp. when the Dudes came to bat for
their very last chance. The score was 2
to 1 in favor of "Sapho" and his muses.
"Pop" Hardie flew to center, but he prov
ed a mascot. After his quick death the
real excitement of the game begun. Dren
nan hit a hot one along: the ground to
Streib. who threw to Whalen. covering the
first bag. The ball was hij;h and Whalen
allowed it to slip through his "mitts."
When Drennan stopped running he had
already reached the third station. Up to
"Old Hutch" was the chance for the game
and he Improved his opportunity by a hit
to right field. Drennan smearing himself
on the plate as he tied the score.
All the Oakland rooters were in throes
of jubilation and wild noise making. They
worried Jimmie Whalen's sweet angelic
nature to such an extent that Captain
••Stapleton" McCarthy had to come in
from the field and say unpleasant thing3
to his twirler. Graham, the Stockton
catcher, then felt prieved. and. before he
was ready to continue the game Lmplre
Huphev Smith was forced to use language
mildly "obscene. By this time the crow<i
was pulsating with excitement, and when
Hutchinson stole second Whalen was hit
with another deluge of noise.
But this was mild compared with the
torrential outburst that followed when
Francks singled and Hutchinson scored.
That ended the run making, but It was
enoueh to win for Oakland. ,
As Hardie was put in Mangerina's place
to bat Pete Lohman. Oakland's latest re
ceiver, was sent back of the plate for the
last of the ninth. For a time it looked, ns
if Stockton would tie the score. Streib,
with but one man dead, had reached the
middle station. Then Graham did just
what he should not have done— drove a
hard liner to Kelly, who doubled Streib
at second. That ended the game.
The game was fast, snappy and care
fully played -with but few exceptions. In
the sixth Graham lost control of his "top
works." and Instead of putting out Bow
man at the plate threw to second to catch
Mangerina. Bowman .scored. One of the
Miller's runs was due to a wild throw by
Francks to HutchSnson. the ball losing it
self in the crowd just long enough to give
McGucken a chance to score. The score:
OAKLAND. •
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Drtnr.aE. c. 1 4 10 0 5 0 0
Hutchinson. lb 4 1 1 1 10 1 0
Francks. s. s., 4 0 1 1 S 5 2
Arrellaney. :b 4 0 10*21
Kelly. Sb 4 0 0 0 2 ! 0
Bcrcbers. p 3 0 0 0 0 2 0
Held. r. f.. 3 0 1 0 i 0 0
Bowman. 1. f 3 1110 0 0
Manjrerina, c 2 0 1 0 ? J 0
•Hardie 10 0 0 0 0 0
Lohman. c 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
Totals 32 J 7 3 27 14 3
•Put in to bat for Mangerica in ninth inning.
Lohman catcher in ninth. .. ¦ - ¦'¦ ¦•¦ \ .:. .
STOCKTON. '
'-"'?: . ABl R. BH, SB. PO. A. E.
McCarthy. 1. f ._ 4 0 0- 0 ' %' 0 0
McGucken. c. f. 4 11 0 2 0 0
Moore. Sb 4 0 0 0 12' 0
Strelb. lb 4 0 3 4 10 10
McHa!e. r. f 4 0 0 0 110
Graham, c 4 0 0 0 4 3 0
Babbitt, s. s 3 1113 4 0
Courtney. n> 3 0 0 0 3 1 0
Whalen, p 3 0 2 0 1 2 1
Totals 23 2 7 5 27 II 1
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Oakland 00000100 :— 3
Base hits 00100211 ?— 7
Stockton ., 0 0 0 110 0 0 0-2
Base hits 110 0 2 10 1 1—7
SUMilART.
Rons responsible for — Borchers 1. Whalen X
Two-base hit— Held. First base on errors —
Oakland 1. Stockton 3. Left on bases— Oakland
J. Stockton J. Struck out— By Borchers 1. by
Whalen 2. Double plays— Arrellanes to Francks
to Hutchinscn: Graham to Ke!ly to Arrellanes.
Wild pitch — Whalen. Time of came — 1:3a
I-'mplre — H. Smith. OfflclaJ Bcorer— J. W.
Stapleton. ' -
MORNING GAME.
Stockton 4, Oakland 2.
Brilliant Mr. Francks. who sometimes
eats up balls that belong to the third
basenian. or the center lielder, was off in
his diamond work yesterday morning- on
the Oakland grounds. Just about the
same time that Francks fell to evil ways
Moskiman. who was on the slab for the
Dudes, lost control of his arm. This com
bination was hard to beat. When the
agony was passed Ewing listened to the
bell clanp four times, once each for Mc-
Carthy, McGucken. Moore and Graham.
These were the onlv runs made bv the
Millers.
In the sixth Oakland bunched a couple
of hits on Babbitt. Francks and Moski
man scoring. The game was exceptionally
fast. but less interesting on account of
Stockton's undisturbed lead. The score:
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SO. PO. A. E.
Drennan. cf 3 0 1 0 1 10
Hutchinson, lb. .... 3 0 1 1 10 0 0
Francka. s. 8 4 1 1 1 2 5 3
Arrellanes, Ib 4 0 2 0 2 4 0
Moskknan. p 4 10 0 0 2 0
Held, rf 4 0 2 0 4 0 0
Bowman, if 4 0 0 12 0 0
Mangerina. c 4 0 0 0 1 0 1
Kelly. 3b. 4 0 0 0 110
Totals 34 2 7 3 14 13 4
STOCKTON'.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A E.
McCarthy, if 4 1 = 10 0 0
McGueken, cf 4 10 0 4 10
Moore. Sb 4 110 14 0
Strelb. lb 4 0 5 2 11 1 0
McHale. Ib 4 0 0 0 2 S 0
Graham, c 3 1 1 0 6 1 0
Babbitt, p. 3 0 10 0 0 1
Courtney. »- s 3 0 1 0 2 5 1
Whalen, rf 3 0 0 0 1 0 0
Totals J2 4 8 3 27 17 3
RAILROAD OFFICIAL
; ENDS HIS EXISTENCE
Grieving Because of the Death of His
Wife, W. H. Newbold Shoots
Himself.
BIRMINGHAM. Ala.. Sept. SO.— Warner
M. Newboia. superintendent of the South
and North Birmingham mineral divisions
of the Louisville and Nashville Railroad,
committed suicide at his residence la this
city to-day by shooting himself In the
heart-
Mr. Xewbold*3 wife died some months
ago and since that time he has been de
spondent, and to that cause is attributed
his suicide. He was about 55 years old
and has been connected with the Louis
ville and Nashville Railroad for many
vears. He was prominently mentioned a3
a probable successor to General Manager
Metcalf of the Louisville and Nashville
system, who recently resigned to go with
another roa.d.
Mr. Newbbld came to Birmingham from
Kentucky, ¦where he owned a large stock
farm and which he continued to operate
up to the time ot »iis death. The remains
were taken to Louisville to-night for in
terment.
TO BUTLTJ WACHTTSETT DAM.
Contracts Let for the Construction of
the Great H?servoir.
CLINTON. Mass.. Sept- SO.— McArthur
Brothers, "Winston & Sooher of Chicago
have been awarded in Boston the con
tract for building the Wachusett dam by
the Metropolitan Water Board, the spe
cific price, -which was the lowest la the
list of bidder*, being $1,603,535. The data,
which will be one of the largest in the
country. Is planned to be 1900 feet Ions
and »0 feet hi?:h. and is to hold In check
the waters of the Nashua River, which
supplies the metropolitan district- The
water will form a lake some six miles In
length.
•
Back From Boer War.
NEW YORK. Sept.* 30.— The steamer
L'Aquitalne arrived at her dock to-day,
bringing 1675 passengers. 704 of whom were
In the cabin. The vessel experienced
rough weather and much fog. Colonel
Arthur Lynch, formerly In command of
the Second Irish Brigade In the Boer
army, was a passenger. Colonel Lynch
resided in Paris and returned there after
the Irish brigade in the Transvaal was
disbanded.
f ; RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
°*, Wan> i .........lO 0 0 <f 0 1 0 0 0-2
hits .0 11 2 1 2 0 0 0-7
Base hits 3 O0S1011 *—S
SUMMARY.
"t.£?°£*£ Babbitt. Dren
nan. Held. First base on errors-Oakland 3.
Stockton 3. First base on called balls— Oakland
<.. Le't on bases— Oakland 7, Stockton 4.
Struck out— By Mosklman i by Babbitt 4
Double piays-Arrellanes to Franclcs; Mosklman
to trancks to Hutchinscn. Time of irame
- :30 ; r trapire-H. Smith. Offlcial scorer-H.
GAME AT SACRAMENTO.
Sacramento 6, San Francisco 1.
SACRAMENTO. Sept. 30.— Sacramento
won from San Francisco in the first In
ning and did it easily, the score at the
end being six to one. The features of the
game were a home run by Eapan and
phenomenal stops made by Reilly. Eaeaa
and Krug. Knell was touched "for eisrht
and Huphea for seven hits. Hushes gave
six and Knell five men bases on balls The
game was pokey after the first inning
Score: • ' . ¦
SACRAMENTO.
lit AR R. BH. SR PO. A. E
Devereaux. *b -. 3 . 0 1. 0 4 2 0
Sheeban, c. f...... 3 110 3 0 0
Stanley, c 3 .1.0 0 1 3 o
Eapan, s. a ; 3 ••¦•'•¦. 1 0' ? ' 4 i
Dcyle. r. f..... 4 1.1 : 0 I 0 . »
McLaughlln. 1. f... 3 110 4 1 0
Hanlon. lb 4 0 2 0 Si 0
Huphes. p 4 0 1 0*2 3 «
Stulu. 25) 3 0 0 0 2 3 6
Totals 30 S S 0 27 IT 1
SAX ITIANCISCO.
_ . . _ AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Brocrthoff. c. f. 3 0 1 e 3 o 0
Hildebrand. r.'f.... 3 0 0 0 10 0
Schwartz. Ib 3 0 1 0 3 • 6
Pabst. lb 4 1119 10
t-ulllvan, c 2 0 0 0 3 ' • n
L*^T. >- t 4 0 10 3O0
Krup. s. s 4 0 1 0 0 S 1
Rei'ly. 3l> 4 0 2 0 10 0
Kncil, p 4 0 0 0 I i 1
Totals 31 1 7 1 !| u 2
RUNS AKD HITS BY lXSLNGS.
SUMMARY.
Sacramento 4 OOOSftOO* 6
Base hits 2 1 0 1 l o 1 J •- 8
San Francisco 0 00001000— 1
Base hits 0 00250180— ;
Runs responsible for-Knell •. Home run—
Eaean. Twt>-ba»e h»ts— Doyle, Hanloa. Sacri
fice hit— Stanley. First base en errors—Sacra
mento S. San Francisco 1. First base oa called
balls-By Hughes 6. by Knell 5. L*rt «r bai"
—Sacramento €. San Francisco 9. DouWe Dlavs
— StuKz to Eagan to Hanlon: Eairan to Hanlon.
Time of game— 1:50. Umpire— O'Connell Of
ficial ecorer— I. C. Nathan. - >.. .' *-
Newman & Levinsons Win.
The reorganized Newman & IVevlson
baseball team defeated the Roos Brothers
at Recreation Park yesterday by a "core
of 10 to 6. The battery work of Watson
and Silversteln was a feature of the game.
TWO ALLs READ THE SCORE IX THE NINTH INNING. WHEN FRANCKS OF OAKLAND CAME TO THE B
HE PRO\TBD EQUAL TO THE OCCASION, BATTING OUT A HIT WHICH RESULTED IN THE WI\\T\T
RUN FOR THE DUDES. . . .. , uu
Batteries— Scott and Kaho«; Wadiell and
Zlmmer. Umpire — Emslie.
Cubs— R. H. E.
Chicago 4 S 4
St. Louis 15 0
Batteries — Huphes and Dexter; Hughey and
Robinson. Umpire — CDay.
CINCINNATI. Sept. 30.— With two oat and
secend ar.d third bases occupied Waddell oade
a wild pitch, which lest ths rarr.» to-day. At
tendance, 41£2. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Cincinnati • 4 8 1
Plttsburs I ». 1
CHICAGO. 'Sept. *>.— Both teams wca and
lost In to-day's double header.. St. L*m!s won
the first simt by base running, clever sacri
ficing- and a few well-placed hits. The- locals
played poorly In tV» £e!1. but won the second
ranse by hard hittins. Hughes clearly ontpltch
\ng Hugrhey. Kline and Donavan hxd a bad
collision at the plate in the. third lnnlnc of
the -first grame and were both forced to retire.
Attendance, 7100. Score, first same:
Clubs— . . ¦ ..R, H. E.
Chicago ! U !
St. Louis _.. 4 10 3
Batteries — Taylor. Klin? and Xlchols; Xoang
ar.d Criser- Umpire — O'Day. ¦ ¦•. . ._;.
S»«ond-gan:e: • ¦" ¦.¦' ' . •' .. .
Clubs— . W. L. Pet. I Clubs— VT. L. Pet.
Bmoklrn :.:.7* 51 .598 Chicago ...-St S3 ;«»
Plttsbun? ..•.-*• 57 .MSISt. Louis 69 «9 .4«3
Philadelphia « <1 .£27; Cincinnati -_5S 7;. .44*
Boston .64 Q .SOUN'ew York.. ..£5 .4 .CS
Result of Day's Games.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Chicago and St. JLouis Split Even as
EACH. WIN AHi> LOSE.
and George D. Campbell. The breeze
was fairiy strong but fluky. at times
falling almost flat and at others coxing
to strong puffs. Most of the yachts of
the San Frar.ciscos vrere out cruising, in
cluding the yawl Tramontana. the
schooner? Aegle. Chi.«pa and Rarnona and
the sloops Thetis. Cygnus and Siren*
I The San Francisco Yacht Club held an
! interesting race yesterday for small
yachts; over a course off the Sausalito
'Clubhouse. Prizes were offered in two
\ classes— for yachts having a racing length
i of more than twenty feet but not exceed
ing twenty-five feet, and for yachts hav
ing a racing lengtbfof less than twenty
fecL The only boat in the larger class
that put in an appearance was ihe Cor
inthian sloop Merope, but she did not
start. In the twect.v-f.ve foot class there
were half a dozen starters, ail but one of
which finished the course. The start was
across a line drawn from the club wharf
to the schooner LurMne. thence to a
jur.k moored over the site of Shag 1 Rock,
thence to a stakeboat anchored orf Angel
Island, and thence to the finishing line
off the clubhouse. The distance v.as esti
mated at about six miles.
The preparatory g~jn was fired at 12:S0
p. m. and the starting pun ten minutes
later. The little craft crossed the line
pretty well tog-ether, the ya-wl Kittiwake
having the advantage. The Kittiwake
stood well over toward Yellow Bluff, the
rest of the fleet poir.gr further oft shore.
A:"t?r gybing round Shag Rock the
msriners eagerly scanned the bay for the
stakeboat cSE Angel Island. All except
the Doris got down too far to leeward,
and, as a result. Arthur Pace's little
sloop rounded J. R. Savoy's Juanlta
ahead of all her competitors. The last
leg. however, of the triang-ular course
was a beat, and here the superior wind
ward work of the Kittiwake soon brought
her to the front. She was never caugHt.
and won a eood race by a fair margin.
Anita finished second, and Doris a
good third. The two first legs of the
course were reaches, and in this work
Doris more than held her own: but the
Kittiwake ar.d Anita outpointed her on
the beat home. The boats which took
part In the race were the following: The
vawl Uulcie of the San Kranciscos. sailed
by W. M. Edg-ell and W. G. Morrow; the
flocp Anita, the yawl Kktiwake. the
slocp Doris, sailed by R. B. Hogue and
G. T. S. White: the sloop Olita and J.
Martola's fishing-boat Pirate.
The ya-rl Dulcie teas doing good work
until she met with a mishap, which put
her out of the race. She had shipped
some writer, and. while her owner was
balling, W. G. Morrow, who was tend
ing the main and jib sheets, as ¦well as
handling the tiller, lost hold of the main
shevt. the?- rau?:r.p the main bocin to
fly out against the back-stay: it snapped,
and the race was over for the Dulcie,
Many spectators were at the clubhouse !
during the day. and took great Interest j
in the race. The details of the race were
uid-er the management of the regatta
committee, cor.si.nlng of ex-Commodore I.
Gutte. ex-Vice Commodore G. T. S. White
tire Fleet in the Race Off
Sausalito.
Fast Corinthian Ya-wl Beats tee En-
K1TT1WAKE WINS ¦;¦ j
.^.V-f-:: / ANOtHZB ;TR0PHY
The race against time was run over the
San Le.-uidro triangle course, all track and
Tvrathcr conditions favorir.gr a fast per
formance. Krapness was strong and fresh
when he brt5k<? the tape. This record trial
was made with the official sanction of the
California Associated Cyclers and was
conducted by Chct Mevrick. assisted by
F. G. Morite.V.«-»rre. E. O. Nelson. H. Ma
tbtas and WillUun Mackie. Georga Kroetz
had charge of thp pace, which was very
ffflcient. The ioltcwlns teams did the
¦work 'which carried Kragness over the
tape in record time: Russ and Rice, An
thony and Anthony. Jackson ar.d Bolger.
Meyer and Soule. Howe and McKinney,
Ephraim and X>ong and Henderson, Hob
sen and Lay ton. .;¦;¦.• •' - ••.'¦- •.
.Another cycliri^ road record has been
shattered, ar.d Eddie O. Kra&ness is now
the holder of the twenty-mile paced road
record, which for many years remained
at *S minutes I>6 seconds. Kragness rode
the dcub'.e decade in 47 minutes 2S seconds,
clipping one minute and twenty-eight sec
onds from Charles Kraft's lor.g standing
record. Eddie Kragness is one of the
Olympic Club Wheelmen: Krafts is prom
inent an:or.g tbe Bay City Wheelmen.
Clip s Oae:M"itiut e ' and Twenty-Ei ght
: . "Seconds From Kraft's Rscord-'. '¦¦['.
'['¦ ¦¦;:] '_¦¦.";¦'•¦•: jUIark Slade Several
:-¦'¦:... ':>¦;..'• ; Years Ago.
Tiine:; for- the .^wehty-Mile
Paced Event Lowered by '¦-,
the Olympic Rider. ;
DUDES TIE AND OVERLAP THE
MILLERS IN THE NINTH INNING
Atv Sacramento, the Semalors, Witih Heghes an the
•'.. : Box, Wan an Easy Game ;!From Local Team v ••.:
KRAGNESS MAKES
NEW WORLD RECORD
SWIFT AND GAME
IS THE GRAFTER
Wins a Hard^Earned
at San Mateo Coursing
Park.
.. ¦ — i « .. / i :.¦¦.;.;¦:;; ".-"-';'-.. „-,'
Flcra 3CcI>oiiald Goes lime and looses
Eer Chanc«s in the Stake— St. ¦¦¦-.¦
Helen Does Good
fen Mste~ Partt *-pen rtake. *eoond r-mrj—
T. T,Tr.cT'* Tea no*e beat Rufsell. Allen *¦
Wileca't R-jsJe Claire. 7-4: Ccaaell Brothers'
St Helen beat \V. J. Crowning's Mrun:a!a
Ile!le. ~~i: Carta'.Ti June's MJr? P*»-nian beat
IT. I*urke> Xipht Time, t-l; J. R. Smith's
Victor Queen beat Oairre** . Iniperial. 6-S:
J. rvaii'e Kisqaac beat J. H Per-cj> Ladr
Pcvcr.pcrt. l»-S; C. GiXQ'a Martha Wa'hfrifrtch
Vat E. M. KeI5rpr'p lor.a Maid. T-S: Gecrst
Pharn-an 1 * RcrA nae O Shea Brothers'
V'-^rj: America. T-6- l»^ve & Thmr*->r/g Ftcra
-•'¦Pr.e.!J T»-^t W. Hpsifv"* Z-Imber Twlp. 14-4;
~r.T,-? I^-ir.'f Gz.:\b.t.z be&t ¦«'. C Bailor's
Ala^ic-la Lad. «-:: r. J. ReiIlj-» Moosbright
beat Uarfle & Oerber* M^urt Ida. <M*; J. P.
Thrift'f Ftrpet btat Lowe & Thoarscr's Little
nOotsa. «-C: J. P. Thrift* St. M'chae: best
ITlUWll. AI>n fc "V\T.»or. - e Cs*ta«-»y. «-i; "K".
C fi1»WHI*« Sartonia beat TZ. XT. K«-!i r-c"s
I-«Sy GSlmore. 7-1: P. Jaoksoa's GoTden P.us
eet b**t I>. Shar.ncn'B Ssfepaard. 1S-5: T. Lo
c»r.'« H:r."r Bri?kt b*at E. M. Kel'.oc^'s Iawa
Hey. :-J: Dl E. Wiley' g High Bom L&dr beat
r M. Ciarkscr'* Headwater. «-"; P. J. Reilly-f
The Grafter t*at J. LJr.nehan'e Racine. Zi-2;
Russell. A"fr A W!J«:r."* Ftr« Foot beat E.
M. Krilfttf I>n'f Babe. S-": Cartain Case's
ilaster r^avp^j^-rt beat I>. Tc'.&r.i'f Pleasant
G;rl, 4-1: O'Shea Erothers* Go. lea P.ule beat
Lfrde fc G*rb*r'» Ccri-ord. 5-1
T*-.:r3 rouri— ft. H^!*>n h*at Tea R^e. :VC:
Victor Que*n t*at V!« PeTitr.an. S-": Martha
¦Watlilnjrton a bre: Flsr* McrVorald beat 1- . ¦ r.n.
K.4e. 3-:: GalLtr.t beat ilo^nbricJii. 6-1: Forre-t
N»at Sart-^rus. 16-11: ??. Michael beat Gotten
Ri:«et. 5-4: H r.or Briytt beat Hirh Bern
Ijair. M: The Gtafter beat First Fo--t. Z-l;
llaster r>aver.r>rrt beat Gulden Rule. 4-2.
Foarth r^und — St Helen beat Victor Qaeen.
T-r: F". — a. M-I>^-j-'i l:*at Martha W"a»b.'.Esrton.
:C-4: Gallir.t t-*st Frrc^t. *-i: i-t. Micharl bett
Hoear Brijrht. K-:; The Grafter beat Master
Daver.pcrt. 1I-5*.
Fifth roc-4— Flrra McDrca:'! beat Pt. Helen.
Gallant beat Si- Michael, i-i; The GraTier
& bye.
Fixth rctmd — The Grafter best FIcra McDon
¦M. T-»: Gal'.ar.t a bye.
D*cS41rr mint Tin Grafter beat Gallart,
€-3.
In the second re Ur.i^.'the:; winner, was
Sivon a lor.g cours« : .^ith-/Ka.cine. which
lasted more than . 6ii"<?" iathd : /'a . -half minutes.
but can~.e back strong ..and beat First
Foot, which was quo.tifdj.a.ie'.ig'ht favorite,
.in short order. ' Hf/fno^ed the Royal
Crept Ftcyir.K- <jua:iii* : ? in.. ; t>:e r.ext go and
took the Ca^r from 'Mafier -Davenport with
a clean score. After a bye he was drawn
a?Ein5t Flora iloDonald ;.: which was Jn
Bircr.e favcr for the s take. -.Flora showed
up Fli^ht!y lanse after, a.- hard pa with
Ht. Helen and allowed : The Grafter to
beat her to it, Th<* c odd? were on her, as
ehe has twice «5cf«?a:eci 'Reilly's do^. :: ..
Gallact did bftter work in .the; stake
than has, Leen his custom end was. not
lacking in sj^eed. Victor Oueeu: also
shc»-e>l irrproveroert. . •• ' ¦¦•:•-¦••.•¦ ••".;
ft. Helen ran like a Tri^ncr until she
met Flora McDorald. She put tip a good
race with Tea Rose in the third round
and. though on the- short end at 2 to 5,
had the f;^*nJ and ci»".f rr,e-«« all throac-h.
The six points rr.ar'e in- :Te?. Rose .were
due to the favor of the iackV who, beat
both depp to th< '. escape. ¦¦¦ .."'¦•.... ••¦:.¦;¦¦:¦¦¦..'
The harts were *i>e<*ly~'.a*i&;,: : in&ii? : QL
ihem r^srhed ssfety without- "*'• turn be
ing mcthL In th»= course t»etTk-een :Kirstt
Foot ar.d 3en'.« Babe, the frame g-ot away,
wirh its pttrcsen never closer than twen
tv-f;ve yards. . . ¦ f/:-./-i
Tr:<» repu'.rs in fletiS snd Judge Andrew
X>«?ari"s oCicial scores foJIow: . ¦¦ ''¦¦'¦ '"¦. "., ¦¦
P. J. Rellly's fast; .hbund; The Grafter
¦wour.d up a hard day.'sj^pursirg' by de
fe&zir.g Jajnes Dejia's:.G.a.'Iant.;in.. the <Ie
cid'r.g cour?e of ! th e : ,' : ic pen' /stake at San
Mateo Park yesierfi'a'Jv^j .Jv- - ;': '*.-¦.;'•¦¦•••! '.;':¦-
The feature of the day's sport ia th»
finals of the Open Stake at Union Park
yesterday was the work of Fiery Face,
the Pasha Kennels' recently Imported
greyhound. All of her coursins was
against Twin City Giri. and considering
that it was her first stake the new ar
rival made an Impression en the leash
men. In the second round the dogs ran
a double bye> their respective cppcr.er.ts.
Arena Lad and Julius Caesar, being with
drawn. Twin City Girl was a 2 to 1 fav
orite and won the bye. In the next
routW under the same conditions and odds
the doers were drawn for another double
bye. This time the results were reverses.
Fiery Face getting the Has. In the next
round they -were paired for a natura.
course and* ran an undecided In whlcli
Fiery Face led her opponent- Th* wcrJc
was too much for her, considering tha
fact that she 13 hardly acclimated ancl
she was -withdrawn, allowing Handy' s
entry to win by default. - ;«
Xo cne denied that the new one Is po»-
W.-W] of great speed and regarding her
future work many declared that §he will
soon make the fastest hounds loo's to
their laurels. "*_ . .
Roval Acne won the stake with. Mac a
Melody as runner-up. The winner had a.
narrow escape from defeat with Twin
Cltv Girl in the semi-final. The G!rl led
wel'l and scored her five points before th©
winner Joined in. "With a slower hare
she would have reversed the result. Scot
land Yet beat Rector at 5 to L Rector
was unsighted and after he got to th«»
game was outworked. Banner Bright
beat Victor Boy at 5 to 1. Sara beat Mo
Klnley at 2 to 1. through favor of hare.
Hot Haste beat Sacramento Boy pointless
at 3 to L Half a dozen other short end*
landed. Including the deciding course at
5 to 2. - • ''~. -'*'¦¦-
Following are the day's result?. with
the ofScial score3 of Judge John Grace:
Open stake. seccn-3 round — J. Carroll's Master
Clair* beat Ourtis & Sons' Candelaria. «-5; I~
F. Barrels' Best Bargain a, bye: L. F. Rar>;s*
Banner Bright beat Russell. Allen & Wilson's
Victor Bcr. M: T, 1*- Eartela 1 Betsy Earrr*
beat Stetl * Knowles' Axnarosa, 5-2: J. J.-
Kenn«y*s Hot Haste beat Walsh & Heenan'*
Sacramento Boy. 3-": Enrtn & LyocV Silver
¦Wirifs beat Harrtsran & Wiegran'ls Orerrure.
1>-;: James Sht»ri«iaa's Forest Kins beat R. E.
de B. Lopex's Crawford Lad. S-l: Pasha. Ken
nels' Royal Anne beat Maher & Reid's Cal
Boy. ~-0: T. J. CrcnJn's Vandal beat J. Car
roll's Auckland. 3-S: R. E. Je B. Lor^s 1 * Sara.
beat Curtis A 3or.s' MeKJnler. 8-«: J. H. VC.
Mnller's Crniscr beat T. J. CtotsIs's Ro9* o*
Tralee. 9-4: Captain Cane's Greer.hail beat ?t?rl-.
6 KnoW.es' Sleety Mist. 7-5: H. A. DeckeJ
nua's B«n Klrby beat Jeff Martesett's SI1:ti.
S-3; P&aha Kennels* 2Iar Heinpstead beat R.
¦E. <Je B. L<opex - 9 Dairy Ma!3. l>*-2: T. 'W. Dar
tels' Mac's Melodr beat F*. Patter?wn's- Oar
llatrtrie. 11-3: Sterl &. Knowles' For Glory Vat
Russell. Allen A TVKscr.'s Strayaxcay. S-3; Rus
sell. Allen * Wilson's Scotland Tet beat Cur
tis & Sons* Rector. l«-4: Paaha. Kennels' Flerr
Faca a bye: Curtis Jt Sons' X;rz Cotton beat
F. A. McCoinb'3 Little Sister, XS-Cj 3. Handy" a
Twin City Girl a bye.
Th!rd ro'^r.d— Master CTa«r» t*a? Ee^t Bar
rain. S-2: Banner Rr!=-bt beat Betsy Barrr*.
10-4; Hot Haste beat Silver YC'rum. S-I: Royal
Anne a bye: Sara beat Vandal. J-l: Greenliall
beat Craiser. 5-0: Ken Klrby b«at May Herni>
steaii. 4-1: Mac's Melody beat For Glory, 6-4:
Fl»ry Face a bye: Trfn Citr Gir! a bye.
Fourth roar.d— Master Claire beat Banner
Rrlg-ht. 15-9: Royal Asr* beat Hot Ha.«te, 7-1:
Oreeniall beat Sara. 3-t; ilac's Melody be&:
Ben Kirby. S-fl: Twin City Girl a b-re.
Fifth rotm(J— Royal Anis- a fere; Mac's Mel
ody beat GreenhalU «-3; T*'.a City Girl a by».
Sixth round— Roya! Anne b»at Twin , C!t7
Girl. 11-S: Mac's Me'oJy a bye.
DecWlnc course — lioral Azlzic beat "s:'i
Melody. S-3.
Imported Fiery Face, Fall Sister of
Waterloo Cup "Winner, Gains
the Favor cf the Leash
men.
Mac's Melody Runs Second
in the Union Park
Open Stake.
FINAL IS WON
BY ROYAL ANNE
BASEBALL AND COURSING SUNDAY'S SP0RT
GREAT SPORT AT
TANFORAN TD-DAY
Pastest of Harness-Horse
Brigade to Go for Rich
Purses. ¦•;.-:;
Great Field of Start en in 2:30 Class
Pace — Western Stallion Stake
Also Down for D»-
S:30 tot; tlOM-R. E. Muleahey's b. f. Al
cor.eta. .Par.ta Kc.-a stock farm's b. m. Janice.
Rcsedale-- stock farm's b. m. Bertha R. A. B.
Ppreokels 1 ' rh. m. Zarina. Durfe* A C«.'a b!k.
sr. Charlie, Me. J, r>. Out's b. h. Sllvlon. W.
H. Grisiein's b. p. Joe Selby.
Tee Western Stallir-n stakes. 11000 added— D.
Heln's b. 9. Alta Vela. P. J. Williams' ch. s.
Monterey. James TV. Rea's tx a. Iran Alto. X.
H. Mulhollard's b. s. Osrto.
2:33 pace. ilOOC— H. P. M. Greeley's ch. m.
Maud R. A. W. Brunei's ch. h. Stanton Wilkes.
G*orjre T. Ballinger's eh. m. Our Boy's Sister.
Mrs. C. E. Biffelow's b. m. Tars. Mr. Vander
horst's b. m. DiaMlta. Fred Bobon'i ch. m.
Cleon. George Gray's b. W- Enoch. S. H. Hoy's
b. m. Densonlo. Chans! or & Canfleld's b. h.
Athablo. I. I*. Borden's en. h. Robert I. Vea
fl.ome *tock farm's ch. g. Fredericksburj.
The card for the afternoon includes the
2:30 pace, the Western stallion stake and
the 2:30 class trot, «ch of which should
furnish a puzzling betting problem and
some splendid sport. The first race will
be called promptly at 1:30 o'clock. The en
tries are as follows:
Now that the hackneys, coach horses,
ponies, roadsters, four-ln-hand and tan
dem teams, fancy bred cattle, sheep, Bel
gian hares and all that SDrt have had their
Inning at Tanforan Park fair, the San
Matco County track will be given up this
weekuo the fast or.es of the harness horse
division. The purses offered are large, ana
if the attendance is not large It will be
because the public has soured on th!i»
branch of sport.
THE SAX FRAyCISCO CAIX, MONDAY, OCTOBER 1, 1900.
MONDAY. ' 6CT03ER L
TO SAIL.
TKE FaciSc Steain Whaling Cora
par.y's Jeanle !s on the rocks off
Polr.t Arena. She left here last
Saturday for JCome via Port Aa
peles and during a dense x fog
larded hard and fsst on the reef that lies
rJirht Ja the fairway a mile above the
pcint. The =char:ces secrn to be In favor
of ipettixyj the . vessel cff. as 5he
w£s resting easily from last reports and
the chances cf a pale are "slira."
When the Je&nie left here on Saturday
last she was , only half laden. All the
cargo had been stowed aft and in con
sequence her bow tvas well out of water
when rhe pa5sed a'.-.-r.c the front. All
the forward Fpace had been saved for
csriro that was to go aboard at Port
Angeles and Seattle. Had the vessel
ttruck bow on Jt would have been a ca
tastrophe, but luckily the helm was put
hard over just In time and the Jcaalo's
etern found a lodgment oa the reef.
In bis report cf the disaster by tele
phone Captain Mason says: "It happen
c-d about USB a« m. Sunday. We had made
a g-ood rca cp the~cca*t aa-l la spite of
the teg were making: a pood course. It
was as thick as Brash and the lookout
could not see ten yards ahead. Our fog
f*ZT.sl was going ail the time and all
handB were on <!<*ck- 'Within a second of
the cry "all's well* casie the cry "breakers
ahead.' The helm was put hard over
and th* czgines reversed, but we could
not clear the reef. "We struck Just abaft
the xalzzea and our rudder post was cax-
6
, Steamer, ,\| ; SVom. j
Coos Bay. .......IXeirport.;... ..............
•Dae. I
[Oct. l I
I>cl Xorte iPortland .'...lOct. 1
Mtneola jNacalmo {Oct.* 1
Empire • Coos Bay. 'Oct. 1
Progrreso "..* jTscoma _. Oct 1
San Bias iXew York OctI 1
Eureka Hamboldt »».'...".., Oct* ]
Walla Walla... Victoria Oct! l
Columbia Portland o-^ •
Corona San Dieso Oct I"
Coquille Rlxer.. Grays Harbor............ OctI I
Mictratcan Tacoma......».......... > jlo ct •
Titanla, jXanaimo •••j-«-- ! ,!Oct* I
Luella ICaspar ..'... .°.. Oct* j
Ia.qu.-v (Xetrport iOct* 1
Pomona Hamboldt loct 3
Crescent City.. 'Crescent City.'. ' oct* «
Bonlta [Newport " r>et" 4
UoBatlll* Vlctorta Qct 4
Point Arena.... Point Arena.. - Qp/- 4
Carlisle Ctty I.'. China and Japaa.... lort 4
North Fork'.».. Humbotdt 'r^t* a
Santa r.osa' San Dleco ;.. Irct* (
Arcata JCoos Bay°. - ' "joct C
Steamer. *J De»Unatiou. 1 Sail*. I Pier.
Arcata .....|Cc«s Itor-.™.|Oct. j. iimlPlerU
City Bio J.iChlna&Japan Oct. 2. lptnlPMSS
Coo» Bay.. (Newport Oct. i, i am Pier U
Barracoota (New York Oct. l, t 12 mPMSS
W- Krager,{TlIlaniook..-.. Oct. t, '.' t prn Pier 3
Kmpir© ... Coos Bay Oct. x/rtajn Pl«r U
G. Dollar .. Grays. Harbor Oct. X i pm Pier J
la<jua Hnaboldt Oct. 3. A pm Pier 3
Del Xorte.. Portland Oct. X. 'f^m Pier »
Eureta .... Humboldt Oct. 3. lilaj'Pler 1J
Moar.a Australia Oct. 1, > pm Pier I
Walla W... Victoria Oct. 4, llaaPler 9
Corona .... Saa Diego.....: Oct. 4. U am Pier II
Columbia ..(Portland...... Oct. 5, 11am Pier "4
Newborg ..(Grays HarberfOct. «. .....:l..
Bonlta ....|Newport JOct. «, n am]Pier"ii
Destlnatlou. I
S&lU.
1 Pier.
It vu In the last we*ks of July. Just
a century apn. that a Frenchman name!
Ix-bon made the first public demonstration
of the use of gas for illuminating pur-Joseph Silvennan.
INDIANAPOLIS. Sept. 30.— W. V. Wol
cott of Boston died at St.- Vincent's Hos
pital from a Btroke of apoplexy sustained
on a Big Four train yesterday. Mr. Wol
cott located In St. Louis about thirty
years ago. He became a memfber of the
firm of Wolcott & Hume, publishers of the
Journal and Times, at St. Louis, and later
wan president of the St. Louis Car Coupler
Company, o He owned large interests In
Missouri zinc mines and at the time of hl»
death was senior partner In the banktnj?
firm of Wolcott & Co. of Boston and New
York. A search of his effects brought to
light the fact that he carried 'with him a
large fortune. He had in his valise $.w>.
000 in Government bonds and about 12000
cash on bis person. ° ,
W. V. Wolcott.
Campaign In Alameda.
ALAMEDA.^ Sept. SO. — Great prepara
tions are being made for the opening of
the Republican campaign in Alameda next
Wednesday evening. The meeting wtll
be held under the auspices of the Ala
meda Republican Club, the officers of
which are working hard for its success.
There will be a braes band and a glee
club. The speaker of the evening will be
IX ,E.,McKlnlay of Santa Rosa. Other*
speecne* will be made by Judges F. B.
Ogden and John Ellsworth and Assembly
man J. R. Knowland. ¦ The meeting will
be held in the Republican headquarters
"on Park utreet.
"For the last two nights poisoned wheat
has been thrown Into my yard, and her©
is some of it," - she said, exhibiting a
handful of cereals. "The guests in the
'hotel . should j not -be disturbed very ¦ much
now, as I have to keep the roosters under
boxes ', until ; I ¦ can sweep '/: up the ; yard
every morning. ~ I admit that my chickens
are blessed .with stronsr throats, but then
the guests are always kicking."
The proprietor, of the hotel says that
the last rooster can outcrow any chicken
on earth and that the ducks areVdan
dies." He made complaint to the police
but was j Informed, that they, ceuld take
no action. . Mrs. Winbecker says she also
has had occasion to Invoke ; the aid of
the law." ' . V
awakened every morning by the crowing
of numberless, roosters that perched in
the trees. She came to San Francisco and
found, the same thing..- Mrs. Dr. Green
left the • Wentworth three days ago on
account of the • noise, and Miss Jessup,
employed in the internal revenue service,
threatens to follow her... ""'•.' • ; . ¦¦•.: ¦¦
Special Difpatch to The Call.
PROESER, Wash.. Sept. 30.— On the ar
'rival of an extra freight train at 8:30 to-
Bisrht a shooting affray took place In
which W. W. Scott, a merchant of Kiona,
vbs Instantly killed, one bullet entering
h'.% left breast and another passing entire
ly • through his head, entering at the
mcuth. Another man. who claimed his
narae was W. F. Edwards, from Indiana,
and who was hoboing his way. was shot
in the right side, the bullet nearly passing
throuph his body from behind. He i&
probably fatally Injured. . .
Three robbers climbed into a boxcar on
an east bound freight which was pulling
out about 4 oVlock and robbed two hep
plckers. one of $40 nnd the other of $25
then Jumped from the moving train, re
turning to Prosser. The hopplckers on
reaching Kiona told their story and Scott
started with them for Prosser for their
capture. Scott, together with the hop
pickers, began a search and located them
in a boxcar with eight or ten hobos.
They were all ordered out of the car
and one of them opened fire and dis
charged five or six shots, killing Scott on
the spot and wounding Edwards.
Darkness prevented any successful ef
forts toward their capture and It Is sup
posed they boarded some freight rolng
west. - •"s*?Z s H%, ; H
Scott leaves a- wife and severarchildren.
The. wounded man was sent to '.North
Yaklma to be cared for In the hospital.
W. W. Scott of Kiona Shot While At
tempting to Capture Men Who
Held Up Hop Pickers.
WASHINGTON MERCHANT
KILLED BY ROBBERS
MRS. MATILDA WINBECK
ER'S poultry* yard and dog
kennel In the rear of her home.
641 Bush street, have caused
. the officers of the California
street police station much worry during
the last week and are likely to bring
about an exodus of guests from the Hotel
Wentworth immediately overlooking their
location. A rooster with a "foghorn"
crow, quackinjr ducks galpre, and two
dogs with weird howls, commence their
barnyard chorus shortly after midnight
and keep it up until the sun is high, in
the sky. No slumber do the hotel guests
get and one lady has already sought a
more peaceable locality. The police have
been appealed to time and again, but all
to no avail. Mrs. Wlnbecker gave the
final chapters to the story by telling the
police of mysterious hands that drop
poisoned wheat, but the police seem over
whelmed with the complaints, pro and
con, and are confused.
The first rooster crowed about two
months ago. Mrs. Winbecker at first
offered to arbitrate and the guests. and
hotel managers were ready purchasers
for her screeching fowl. Others came,
though, and a* fast as the roosters were
gold others replaced them "and the lady
Boon found that the' rooster business oaid
well. The guests claim that they exact
ed a promise from Matilda that she
should keep no more fowl and paid their
good money on those lines. Each time,
however, tne previous owner of the game
replenished her supply and raised the
price. First the roosters sold for Jl 25;
then for $1 50. and now Mrs. Wlnbecker
says they are worth $3. The people who
are disturbed In their Blumbers say, they
would be willing to. pay twice the last
named price If they could only receive a
guarantee that, their troubles would end
Mrs. Spauldlng, one of the guests, made
a complaint last Wednesday evening: to
the police. She eavs she came from the
East expecting, to nnd a quiet | spot, a Her
first stop was in Oakland. There she was
PROFESSOR GEORGE MIEH
LING, wrestling Instructor at the
Olympic Club, did business with
a Petaluma farmer some days
ago and what the farmer In turn
did to the professor has not strengthened
the Christian spirit of the latter. Shortly
after the genial Instructor had settled In
Mill Vallev he determined to establish a
full grown hennery. To effect this end he
made a trip to Petaluma for the -purpose
of buying a stock of chickens. He had
been advised that the best breed of fowl
for the Mill Valley climate was the tall
and haughty Langshang.
After careful Inquiry the professor dis
covered a ranch about four ralles from
Petaluma where the Langshang was as
plentiful as blue blooded. Finding that,
to all appearances, the chickens were
what he wanted, he bought two hundred
pullets from the obliging rancher and had
them shipped to Mill, Valley. Upon their
arrival the professor's troubles began. In
the'first place the birds were not adapted
to the brushy valley, as the long feathers
on their legs tangled In the underbrush
and their owner had to. spend two days
singeing the gold plated limbs of his
flock. ¦'¦¦": .
Three weeks went by and though Meih
llng fed his new. acquisitions everything
from, cracked wheat ¦ to pepsin , tablets,'
never a egg was laid. Melhllng called on
his friends. Police Judge C. T. . Conlan
was consulted. He looked the fowls over
; and recommended that Meihllng putthem
Into active training. Thl3 was done. The
chickens were fanned about the yard; up
and down boards and over hurdles, but
no eggs. V'. -... ¦ HBBS^ftQH
. How long Melhllng might have been de
ceived is unknown. ; It happened, how
ever,; that an old lady ; neighbor who had
long watched his physical culture antics
In the henyard came to his rescue. She
eald to " him : "Professor, you ¦ have only
three hens among -197 roosters." Since
then Meihllnff has known 1 no peace. The
Petaluma farmer will soon be the defend
ant in a novel suit for damages. .
because of 111 health William J. Wells, a
rancher at Irvington. drank carbolic acid
thi3 noon, and died before a physician
could reach him. He found the poison in
a barn on the ranch. After drinking the
fluid his screams of pain attracted the
attentfon of his family. A visitor. Mls3
TUlle Ejrsers, found the old man In agony.
A daughter drove to Centervtlle for Dr. ,
,V.*elch, but he was too late/ Deceased was
a farmer. 68 years of age. He had lived
In Alameda. County for many years. Cor
oner Itehrmann will hold an inquest. A
wife, a son and a daughter survive. * „
Aged William Wells, an
Irvington Rancher, End3
His Suffering.
OAKLAND. Sept. 3O.-TVhile despondent
DRINKS CARBOLIC
ACID AND EXPIRES
For several- days Gaines has acted
strangely. Hallucinations that he was to
be poisoned and that electricity in the
air was to kill him "have xiafl possession
of his mind. jTo-night he made his first
violent outbreak and for self-protection
he was given into the charge of the au
thorities. Gaines Is SS years old. a native
of Ireland. ' =__
William Gaines, a miner, residing at 734
Chester street, became violently Insane
to-night and attacked his family, threat
ening to kill them with a 1 huge butcher
knife, which he brandished so ferociously
that his wife and children fled for safety.
The police were called and the maniacal
miner was subdued after a tuss.e. He
was sent to'the detention ward at the Re
ceiving Hospital and will be examined be
fore the Lunacy Commissioners to-mor
row. -.„*.";"
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. Sept- 20.
William Gaines Attacks His
Family With a Big
v Butcher Knife.
MINER SUDDENLY
BECOMES INSANE
The Nonpareil, from Lelth, Scotland,
wat 107D tons register and was owned by
the Standard Oil Company. She wa» a
new vessel.
>TE"W YORK. Pert. S3.— The British tramp
tfpanr-r Gl^nroil. which arrived frpm
Alexandria. Egypt, and other ports In the
Mediterranean, brought Into port twenty
r.ine ehipwreckr-d seamen, taken from the
British ship Nonpareil on September 22.
Thtir vessel foundered shortly after they
ebandoned her. In latitude 23.50. longi
tude 42.
The Nonpareil sailed from New York on
September 10, bound for_ Soura = Baya,
Java, with a cargo of case oil. Two days
after leaving Sandy Hook a strong south
veft gale sprang up and soon Increased
In force and hauJed to west-southwest nna
assumed the proportions of a hurricane.
The storm continued with varying vio
lence until September 22, when the ship
was lying at an angle of forty degrees
and the crew were In constant danger of
being washed overboard. At 3 o'clock In
the afternoon the emoke of the Glengoll
was Fighted. She hova to and sent a boat
and took off part of the men. the injured
bfclr^ff sent first. All had to Jump over
board and vrsre hauled into the boat by a
rcpe. F. George, one of the boat's crew,
v.as washed overboard and lost.
SHIPWRECKED SAILORS
ABE PICKED UP AT SEA
•VTASHTTCGTOX. Sept, 33.— The naval
Br.rmaJ report, published by the office of
naval Intelligence, contains among other
thlr.gr an interesting report by Lieutenant
*.V. L. Howard, summarizing 1 compactly
the Increase of naval strength during the
past vear by the preat maritime powers.
A tcplcal article cf value Is contributed
by Lieutenant L. R. de Stei^eur on the
hubject of wireless telegraphy: This re
cites Just what each of the Rival pow
er* has done toward the utilization of
Marconi's discovery and embodies a thor
ough review of the state of the art of long
distance wireless transmission by'a com
petent German authority. In general, it
Bpr"*ars that the experiments have result
ed «ati!=factorlly. and the British army ia
Eo-Jth Africa,' by the use of kites for the
vr-rtical wires, has managed to transmit
messages a distance of eighty-five ndies.
or more than ten miles farther thanUho
distance which separates Tientsin f.npm
Peking, which still proves to be Imprac
ticable for ordinary telegraph methods.
There is also an illustrated description
of the fastest vo?5el in the world, the
fanious turbine torpedo boat Viper, whlcli
runs over thirty-four knots an hour with
case.
INTEB.ESTTUG REPORT ON
WIBELESS TELEGBAPHST
The Lady Sellsi^ Feathered Pets
Positively Refuse to Lay Eggs.
MRS. WINBECKER'S ROOSTERS PAY WELL,
PROFESSOR MIEHLING'S PROFIT HIM NOT
"What political party has upheld the
money standard of this country and fos
tered its industries? The Republican par
ty, all must answer. This great organiza
tion has always been on the right side
in all questions of import."
The speaker stated that Republicanism
had inaugurated anti-Chinese legislation
and had adopted and enforced civil ser
vice. Speaking of trusts he said:
"When on June 1 of this year an
amendment to the constitution was of
fered In Congress regulating trusts and
Illegal corporations 130 of »~e Republican
representatives voted for Uie regulation
and two against, while of lSi Democrats
130 cast their ballots against the amend
ment, the latter directly favoring the
trusts that they now rail against.
"There is npthlng new in expansion.
Presidents from Jefferson to Buchanan
have recpmmended it. looking with long-
Ing eyes on Cuba. Three-fourths of the
United States Is territory of expansion.
The paramount question is not shall we
expand, but Fhall we contract, thus aban
doning: our rightful possessions."
"The great claims of the Republican
party are many. Perhaps the brightest
page in its history Is that upon whicn
is written the immortal wprds of the great
Lincoln which knocked the shackles from
the limbs of millions of black men In tha
Southern States of our Union. It was me
Republican party that held tnis Union
tog-ether when disruption was thought to
be Inevitable, and ilr.ally cemented the
great breach that existed.
"The principles of any Government
w;hich would be successful must contrib
ute to the education of man. In political
education we must consider the useful
ness of the parties. That is where the
power really comes from. Lopking from
the background we do not appreciate their
great force nor can we estimate it any
more than the power pf a Roman cata
pult could be estimated by looking at its
face. The power comes from behind, the
great force unseen.
Kx-Mayor William R. Davis, Presiden
tial Elector on the Republican ticket, de
livered an address this evening at the
First Unitarian Church on "The Moral
Claims Cf the Republican Party." His
discourse was the fourth of the series on
political party claims which Is being con
ducted by the Twentieth Century CIuo.
Mr. Davis explained the usefulness of po
litical parties and brought forcibly to the
minds of his auditors the great works
of the Republican party since its incep
tion. Mr. Davis said:
Oakland Office Ban Francisco Call.
111S Broadway. Sept. 30.
•vr Has 'Accomplished, -i
MORAL CLAIMS
OF REPUBLICANS
¦rirps for the late Dr. Robert Bentley were
held in the Trinity Methodist Episcopal
Church this afternoon at 2:30 o'clock. The
church was not large enough to hold the
many friends who came to pay their last
tribute of respect to the deceased.
Rev. C. JCJenr.osj. pastor of the church,
cScicted at tte services. Dr. W. W. Case.
presiding elder cf the San Francisco dis
trict, gave the Bible reading and Dr. W.
S. Matthew offered the prayer. The life
end Trori of Dr. Bentley were reviewed
by thr^e of his most intimate friends in
tbe ministry— Dr. J. D. Hammond, super
intendent 6f the Chinese missions; Dr.
John Klrby. presiding *lder of the San
Jose district, ar.d Dr. H. B. Heacock of
Alarr.eda. Thf>- spoke of his earnest pur
pose in life, ot the much pood work he
had done nr/i v.hich should continue to
live after h:m. and expressed faith in
meeting with Win again. They paid high
tribute to his upright character as a citi
zen and a man of God.
In closing the services Rev. C. K. Jen
r.f-ss said: "We of the Trinity Church,
¦who had him for our pastor, feel that we
•were especially blessed In his life and
frrieved In his
At the prav*- in -mountain View Ceme
tery sen'Ices were conducted by Dr. A. T.
NeeiJham. Dr. W. W. Case. Dr. W. S.
Matthew and Rev. Mr. Jenness.
The pallbearers Dr. W. S. Mat
thew Dr. J. D. Hammond. Dr. John Klr
fcy Dr. A. T. Need ham. Dr. E. R. Dllle
and Dr H. B. Heacock.
There wfre many visiting clergymen of
til denominations present at the services.
High Tribute Paid toCbar
acter of the Late Dr, ; •
Rolert Bentley. : ; : :
? : . : - ' ..
BERKELEY. S<?pt. SO.-Merr.orlal ser-
SPENT HIS LIFE
IN ACTIVE WORK
;i: OAKLAND vgept; ; :^^HaTryV;Kehyo.nV : . a
:Tfil<s?:raph-a venue /road-
; fpund.:';dea.d :,iri-.bed a v. 'his v rpom,: '4797; Tel er.
.griaph : ;^ycniie,'Uhis :: 'rhprriihi^";H^;h^
fer^!d;}frpni supposied; to;
.iia,ye^-f?^used >dea.th.: y .The.f Cprpner ; ;tppk :
Vharpe^ of the: case^'.V : V l : i ; . .^}\z v.-:;?.'.v". : i'.'-?'
pQunid . Deajd iri^Bedi
Berkeley's Assessment Roll.
: BERKELEY, Sept. 30.— Accordihg: -to
the Assessment roll just completed -the
valuation of property in this.clty: amounts
tby?3,001,S7^'ibrlriglng;-lh';'/ ! taies>;.^
amount /<3t-$SL4S6 fei : "Ttve. ¦ tbial -yaiuatipn:
Is niadd': v 'UD-'-.'.as-' : follows: : ;Irriprovem<?ht.sV
$2,512,120: land. $5.736,310; ; personal :prpper r ;
adopted V ' resblutions •"-¦'• cohdernnlng'.'-- '.tlie
Wagram: Socialists^ :and favorable ;.; to./ "th'-e
Ministerialists. : ; ;- v > "yj.jr •;•': '{d^r:C : ';*.%)'?.
iiy.i X y.$352,84(iJ:. ; -V, Mortgages >v ¦' amoiin^ ¦• ¦ ¦'¦• to"
$1,969,2P5.
OAKLAND, Sept. SO.— The Oakland
High School carried off : high
honors yesterday at . th« 'TB.n- :
' foran . athletic tourr.araent. . - Tiie
best perf ormance was that- '.of
<h« relay team which captured the .mile
run la the tsiashlr.g time of 3:25. within
a ha!f ycor.d of the Academic- Athletic
League record. That figure wcruM,.' : the
tprlghtly young runners say. havebeen
lowered pcrcpptibly but fcr the fact .that
the ru!vs required a standing etart frpm
each relav position. -.-.".: .•¦'••¦.•'•
OaJciar.d High School defeated Berkeley
.The -winning -team- .was 'compbfed. of
Norton -Wileox, Harrj- Clpugh. Charles
Smille;'. Victor./ N. MetcaJf;-',-Octavius La;
Valliere. and Lloyd Hug-hes-' ¦;-.¦:?¦': ¦'-:¦¦':¦"¦:¦ <'...¦¦
: EapTi^.runner 1 ibvered^^!53i-3. yards. \ The
boys •. wpre. '.-stationed on ;. the^ mile-course
ecual distances aoartv-. As one rejaywas
¦CQiiipieted ¦•. the : next -runner ¦ started ¦ from
'.a standstill.: -This; is estimated to ; .hay^
;cost a; : couple .bf:.seconds in the time. . ¦ : ; '.:¦¦¦
. High^ and : towell High ::of ' San Francisco'
.handily./ despite, .the handicapping "condi
tions.'Th|6:Qaki.and lads: had been; train
.. ; lrig-.f.oir -. running : Ft arts, .and -'-we're/: discon
certed wheit they:fpund -that this wiEis for
blddeh.::-.V.-.;:';. i.^fe.;. '¦]"£.. -i.=vv :•' ; ' ;:>•>'• '' '¦'.
there, flamed /' ; in. big-,; red. letters- the- Mln-t:.
: riesPtarTs: :ryamie>; ; and -in/ small pr/tyDeV; r the,'
names : pl som^iof ¦Gailfornia;s."DemoCratIc;
orators. On the dai of the rally (?) a
brass .•¦¦bahi.l : and ',a;canno.ii;.made3'th^ : '-w.elkln.'. i
ring, ; : ;h n < 1 \\ h *? t i a'.few/'doze n. ; bp y s i? •¦ a.h d ¦
ineri :, hart." .;i.«iseinbl»><l;. the \oratprs. 1 - appeared;^
ipn: the 'scene. Th.eir .words; rolled out; on the:
arnbientv jaif^foraudffence 'there was none*
.to^peakiof,;vThe ratlyiwas a fizzled; \Anilj
lest' :.th^re: : be.- -'.dbubllng::: .Thomases, : here-:',
with/ris.;: presented^- a 'snapshot ; .':-of/ ../the/.
mas?-mppting while 'enthusiasm.:-, and .".the-/
: crowd; was atjts-.h.ig.hest, : ,/: : v '¦¦¦'.;: ¦';:¦¦-¦¦ '¦¦'¦¦:¦¦' ¦'¦;¦¦'¦/
' : '->"X- :AX ¦ LE AXDRb, :: : 'Sept.' - : 3.3Q.i-The;
:•' g^ -T. ;;¦; Hori;. Charles : ; Ai'.;Townev of /Miri-.
-^^^ '."nesc.ta ; -.-'\va;5';-heraIde4.:- : tp\;Cali'fornia'. :
'^^J : :. with;;Tnu.ch;:soyhd and'beatlhg^of
¦,v. :..;¦: -phlitlcai 'iorS-tp.ms,'%^bUt.\vwheh":.he'
came : to. the'-- banner ;.-; Republican^ county/
off Calif ornlaiiis enthusiasm /was nipped,
i>y r: a frostv of : the : frostiest; kind; V; It.;, :wis ;
at^ Sah:vLearidrbH ; thait>the
County /Central; Committee made i : a',-.-trj?f.:
rnehdPlis: to; ; proylde',v;Mr..;:TPWne:
?wltli an audience. The: town waSplaster^
ed with big posters, in the center of which
Kress of: French;. SociaJists cu'.rr.inated : at
this^^^inprn ing's ses^iori.iri^ uprdar : : arid':een- :
eral .'; confusion. '..The i cpugress /first met
two i.day.s ago ¦: at- : the . cbhclusion -. -of. '.the
iBternatlonal-i Congress of-SocIalists; and
the meeting had been devoted to : lriterrnln-r
at>le : discusspns on : the subject: of; thevCpn-
Ftltutionv of the cphgrresSi. the -Guesdists,
Blanquists and Communists.v.who were ; in :
alliance, " reprpachir.gr. .the independents
with having violated the constitution oj'
; wrongf ul vote. :.:.<¦¦; :;:."-.. .V;.- 1 '.¦': ¦ : M- :¦'¦';¦'¦¦''¦ i'--".v :: /":•'¦ - : :
. ";-, -This .'• charge ser\-ed as an /excuse' for
Ihtrpducing- all sorts- of .. side .. questions
¦•pro.yocai.ive .of ¦;heated : arguments. : which
sbon.degenie.rated into threats; and abuse,
.This morrilhg.it was evident that thfe deie
g-ates:had slept : but little over nights- ' The/,
were: .-nervous: and -. aKgresaiive ¦ ahdi; th-j
gathering' soon became a paiidemoniuns.
in jihe. course: of which, the rival camps
huriedV?n?ults at each : other,- M.: Ragnol
was. -accused -. by : 'MI . Arjdrieiix ;. of hav-ing
sold hiniself.rto.the other- party;/. He. dash-;
ed , thrpuKh; the Franks of : . his ¦supporters
and- struck: his accuser on the head. When
they had been separated it was found that
M." Atidr(ejix;'had;, beeji . scratt ched On the
.hand; .: whereupon', ¦¦the : -GuesdIsts. ; shouttd.
'?'Assassin;"/ bounded i to'thelr feet
-the- Salle- WaErrari in ;a ¦•¦.-body, M. questi^
crying-. .''\Ve. ¦ liave no- Uonger /anything IiV
cpmmoh- ; with-.mijfaer.crs;'V::.. ¦¦¦¦'¦':\.:-.,/\-:'- '.'"::-,
: ; :T.he.v;6^ceJsibhlsts : ;V; : '' representing ; mo.ro
¦than-'a ••.th'Qus-a;nd:grOups .and syndicate!?;;
• niet;."- this -afternppn -in the Salle Vantier.:
¦f ormedia-: -congress '-. of;-: their . - own-, and
M. Ragnol,;;; Accused -of SallingC Out,
. ;..;_. ']'. Strikes > His'-- ;Acc'nsefii%'.Miv ; Aa-^ x
•-¦•¦¦•'¦-•:-':,'¦¦;¦' drieux, on the Head. ; ¦.¦¦.¦¦:¦¦¦:¦:';
Sept-: stormy;jand.;;spb^
iimes\: amusing, prpceedlrigs bf the^Con-;
MEETING OF SOCIALISTS ; :^
% i(:iri : \ -V cxri/MiirATES ;;iN> riot
.;^CHETEXNE;-.;wybv; : :;^t)t';3^.-S4n?t6r"
Wi-VA.-: Clark' pf Alorit^ana .arrived to-night
t rom. the:. East- a'nd : 'was ¦¦.met; : :riere by;G^h.
cral. Manager DlctcinsOn and .W.hisr :ofhciais
To-Riorro.w- niorrilrig : the'/ party':-. will: lfeayo.
for Salt . take,.; Where [the :ra.Ur<Jad ¦. sitiiar
-tion will': bye'. g:one'Voyet. •' When ,. : tfaii&itT^
Lake railroad dcai,' Senator /Clark sai'(i:-.. ; ¦
. ¦>'* -'I '¦': have / secured:.-, teriiilha'l '¦- '-faciliiieii .-.in.
LJos. Angeles and -the risli t-b.fi way -/fdrA.-a.'
road: from that city. to : San .Bernardino, a.
distance, of . sixty rrrilles.::: Work; upor^- th'.a;
line. will ¦.be - --c.ornm?hce'd-- - at ; .flnp^;.^d;;hur»;
ried to completion:''; ufi:.'.:- m '. :: r^_ •••"». '¦¦?..¦•: '¦'.'¦
¦ Asked: if it i3 :true : that- the. ; road will
be extended on to :SaH . JUiKeV .air. CJtarK
said: '¦VI canriotiSay posittvely'-'aa'-.-.tQ^that
as yet; arid have : hotnjfig.f urtRer; to giyis
oUt.to the public just; at present."- ;,.•
¦ Senator Clark admitted that theLosArtr
geles-Sa'n .-Bernardino line is' in the direc
tion: of. Salt Lake, and intimated that the
road \wtll doubtless be extended to -that;
city-in- : the near future.;. ; vv ... :; : ;'•';• V--\ '¦;,•:•.:'• .-'
Sreclal/ Dlsftatch'to -The • .Call.;
Wiii iNbt ; - State ; "Ppsitively /. That-He
;¦¦;!'/: '-^ tot^nds'^tor- Extend;/- the; \['-'- : '¦
Line to Salt
;.;•'::,; ¦-¦ ¦{• ¦'¦ ¦•"livv-" ¦'• '/ : '-:iIialte.'-.vv'.v::v V'."^". ! :.' •¦• ¦' - % .tf-"--1
The Campaign Issue in 1806.
During the last two years of Cleveland'3
second term the is?ue for the campaign of
1SS6 was made up. That issue was the
¦¦¦The passage of the "Wilson bill was fol
lowed by a revolution in party ascend
ancy almost . as overwhelming as that
which succeeded the enactment of the
Republican law four vears before. The
election of Congress in 1S34 -was made to
turn less positively upon tarlu. questions
than had the preceding election. The Re
publicans attacked the: Wilson bill, but
they did not promise to restore the Mc-
Kinleylaw. The prevailing business de
pression worked strongly in their favor.
For that they charged the resoonsibility
ln a general way upon the Democratic
party and there was the usual popular
tendency to regard the change as due
to unwise methods in the conduct of the
Government. . ¦ •
Moreover. President Cleveland wis
never popular with the rank and file of
his own party. His successes had come
largely because of the strong support
given him by independent Republicans.
It was in part the lack of thorough loy
alty to Ihe President on the part of Dem
ocrats which mart* so easy the Republi
can triumph in 1SD1.
: ."the country, was learning through sad
experience that frequent partisan threats
of revolutionary changes in : . the schedule
of • Imposts were' disastrous-. -to. business.
While mere partisan. debate.upon the sub
ject reacted unfavorably upon the legit
imate Industries of the country. Exagger
ation" for political, effect of the really
.slight differences ,' In ¦ the policies of the
two parties 'worked in the saxne direction.
'The. watchful business man was led to
expect sweeping changes when no such
chances were, actually contemplated. ..
T;he Cqngression al election of 1S34 ¦
The Congressional Election of 1894.
:r The. v: ascendant " Depiocra.cy -;was, : -/ how
ever,:, not unmindful of the . party • pledges
ajieht tariff reform. : In December ; of the
same year the Wilson .tariff bill was ln
trodacea.itp .be .carried' o.ti: to '•-.'.its^ final
passage ' In •¦: February . : JS^fc-. i This was by.
no. mean-s::.a free., trade measure;-: It -was:
rather/V a cdmpromlso ;along^ the lines of
a. general movement toward lower du
ties... The reciprocity scheme of the Mc-
Klnley-'-act disappeared. -and : just- as tbe.
business interests- of. the cpuntry.were be
coming adjusted to the operation .of : the.
Republican law of 1S90 they were rudely
disturbed in many /details by. the Demo
cratic law. -of 1SS4. And. yet . the . tariff
legislation ''of the. ¦.Democrats;, was" really
no more :Qt a. free trade tendency- than
was that of the Republicans in 1SS3. :¦'¦'
Tlife^WIlipn^Bni;
The; elpctidri resulted in the "restoration
ofr'the Democratic/ party; : arid 'for- therftrst
time, since: --the Civil :^V'ar .it,ccintrpn'.e<i- at
the -sameVtline: t,he ; Presidency- ; and', both
bouses; of ;:Congr^ssi -XTheXspirit in which
thecainpaigh :was ebriduete^led to the e%
/pectatiprj: thati the! party-would : ; at v once
prp-c.ee.d to Execute its commission ..to re
form < the' . tariff; tilt.: ¦ within- a f ew >Weeks
after ithe-Vsecondv. inauguration. :6f Cleve
land the "country was. seriously: shaken by.
% commercial panic -T^etreasuo' of the
.United^States' was. imrntnetitly- threatened
.with tkeioss. of ail :its goidii -;.;So desperate
¦dld'the situation •. become tliat ¦ the .Presl
de.nt-..cal.led-~.ari. extra .. sesg.iori. -of .Cprisress
: jh; AMjirust; 1S93; ::ahd; the -two
houses passed in ; Xpvemb?r an act repeal
ing the purchasing clause of the. Sherman
! .to^vi«.3wus ;^|i!Bei»l^«ttM;-=^SM; the first im
portant' measure.^ of,. rthelrestored. Democ
racy.vi-as. not a. tariff: bill;- but- a- silver, bill,
which .was not : a party. : : measur.e'i . but re
eel vecT .Republican ; support /equally with,
that of 'the- Democrats. .' f.'.~ !-'.:-:,¦. ¦• ¦/¦:¦"¦ '¦¦:• '¦¦'¦ ,
itie ;Crisis of 1893*
;.i;.The . silver ':' problem' -'-did:, not : appear. •¦¦ as
¦a.--- party, issuei ¦¦'¦ The . Democratic plat form
did., indee.q,.gb;so .far^stqi rienounce,.the
Sh?rman; : actifo:r, the. purchase; -ofr^silyer.
bullion as: a .dangerous Rfep'4b?tcan meas
ure.: But both par.Ues : prbtesSed blmetal
ilc-theories: both favored measures for. co
operation with .bther: nations^ -in the;. Inter-'
".LiiV.'gt :sih"er;. ; '-¦:/• ¦<-~-::;~-:-v'-' : ;;-;-y :-'..•' V; - : ;;--'; '¦¦¦':¦¦¦
: The came ¦candidates were' again placed
in. nomination ; in -S92,. &n<*.y almost .'the
same ; Issues were- drawn as In . ISSSv.- ¦ The
tarlJC question, was made ' jsarambunt/and
the contradictory. Views of the two parties
were fully . j set forth. •In- the : .; : platform3
adopted by the two conventions. •': ; .'.:.' .•
'.The Republicans /vigorously defended
the McKlnJey'law, and especially com
mended the. feature of. reciprocity which it
embraced; giving to' the. President discre
tionary power over duties upon Imports
from =.any \ foreign '.'land .: Which he should
judge to have placed .unjust .pr oppressive
exactions .upon-. American, products, ¦ and
power -also to -wtthdravr such. Impositions
in. f aA'or . of any '¦ country ¦ grantlh g. corre
sponding concessions to the'United' States.
They affirmed that; such., an' act,>adrnihis
terc.d- by- Its friends would at an early day.
secure' to'-. America' the command^ ot. the
markets of. the world;; they called, atten
tion to. thevprosperous-.' condition/ of .the
country, -attributing the- same to- the pro
tective policy of the Republican adminis
tration,, and they warned. -voters against.
the.; evident Intention- J bf : the .opposing;
party to destroy the protective, system.- ,
The Democrats, oh the other hand,, de
nounced the-McKlriley-.taxirT as- robbery,
reiterating the ancient- Democratic, doc
trine that the Government has no . consti
tutional-power; to collect duties., save- for,
revenue/only- : : They denied ttiatthe/coun
try:was prosperous.' declaring that're<!uc-.
tipiisirr. wages had. followed.' the: iiiaugiira-'
tipn'of .the new tariff, ia-wv and ..they.- gave
explicit .promise -to: "repeal .the -obnoxious
-?ase they should ;; be, ; returned ;-;V to
iPower.-.-v;,.^/;..;. '.' ; V;.' : -'. : V- '><''¦'¦''''-• i;i':.-S:~ ";>':/ ?¦'¦.?•¦ '" ;
\ :;¦ ,.. ; .v- xxiy.; -v ¦:;' fr : :'¦'¦¦'¦
The Campaign of 1892.
free coinage of the silver dollar by the
United States alone at the ratio., of 1*
to 1. Never has a Presidential election
tnmed upon a clearer issue more sharply,
defined. Such an event does not takd
place as a mere temporary accident. ;° Its
causes lie deep in the past. "'."-. .. = '•
: While the civil war was in progres3 ana
for many, years thereafter tne dollar In,
common use was legal tender paper, com
manding less value than the coin of the
same name. Millions of simple, folk un
skilled in financial science entered Into
contracts during this period, s many -. of
which Involved obligations extending over
long terms of years. The idea of chan?3
in the value of money Itself did not enter
into their thought. To them a dollar,
whether of gold or silver, or paper, was
simply a dollar. The prevailing rate of
interest was high, and when the tSmo
rirally came for the payment of the prin
cipal of these debts the dollar had so in
creased In value that the unlucky debtor
was compelled to make a gratuity or
from one to twenty-five per cent in ad
dition to the value pledged In the con
tract. . „ . ¦' *'
So far as the paper dollar alone was
concerned, the difficulty was got over
without serious consequences. On It3
face the paper dollar appeared as a tem
forary expedient to meet an emergency,
t. carried with It a notification of a
prospective return to coin values. The
debtor who inadvertently signed a con
tract calling for dollars worth at the time
ninety: . cents, which a. few years later
forced him to pay the same number o?
dollars each worth 100 cents, could blame
no one but himself. But when specie pay
ments were once more restored the expec
tation was general that the fluctuation In
theivalue of the dollar would cease. That
was-the standard argument by which th«
policy of resumption had been supported.
SoMri 1S79 it was thought that at last a
had been- provided In terms of
which contracts could be drawn and th«
obligations met. even a.fter the lapse of a,
decade,. In •': practically the same values.
: clt was } a disappointment to find that,
even after a return to a specie basis, the
dollar continued to increase In value a<*
rapidly as it had during the five vearw
preceding/resumption. Debtors -were still
obliged in the legal settlement of a debt
to pay not only normal interest but ateo
a sratuity to the creditor.
'.'.¦¦•Part of the curse of the civil war lay In
the; fact that political debate upon all sub
jects was habitually east In the mold of
Inordinate sensation and passion. The ob
jection on the part of the debtor class to
settling contracts In appreciated dollars
wa3 In the partisan language of the day
branded as dishonest — as the manifesta
tion of a disposition to commit theft or
robbery. Among the debtors, on the other
hand, there were those who were ready to
believe that the charges in the value of
the dollar were the result of deliberate in
tent to execute continual and perpetual
snollatlon . :upon the producing classes.
This style of political discussion tended tr>
Increase mutual distrust and suspicion.
When creditors accused their debtors of a
purpose to defraud because they favored
a policy for the continued use of the silver
dollar the enlightened debtor honestly be
lieved that the charge was not sincerely
made. ¦;:'. . : " v ,- ; '.
: Such severity of arraignment, such re
flections upon the motives of opponents,
were to be expected from the lips of po
litical orators in the heat of partisan de
bate, and injuries of that character did
not strike deep. But when eminent editors
of reputable religriou3 newspapers, profes
sors in colleges and universities of high
standing and other leaders of opinion lent
the. influence of their names and positions
to support a form of political discussion
which Involved either conscious hypocrisy
or blank Idiocy, then,' Indeed, the sense of
Injury became deep and of serious por
tent. :¦ ¦ | . .-¦.:;•¦ . .;' ;•¦. ;,:• ., .
failure of Plan for Bimetallism.
The country became conscious of the
final failure of the International bimetallic
movement ; during the closing years of
Cleveland's ¦ administration. It was a
movement which had received the sup
port of a large proportion of the leading
economists of Europe. No sliver advocate
In America had used stronger language
descriptive of the evil results of maintain
ing a continually appreciating dollar than
had some of.. the ¦ sober economists of
•world-wide reputation. There was abund
ant and high authority for the belief that
a persistence in th? policy on the part of
the various nations for demonetizing sil
ver and adopting 'Instead a stryrle gold;
standard would create a currency which
would continually Increase In value.
To these reasons for anxiety must b«
added a consideration of the fact that
during the same period in which silver
had been rejected a phenomenal increase
had taken place in public and private in
debtedness, new forms of credit had ap
peared, so that not only a larger amount
but a larger proportion of th» wealth or
the world ¦was. held under the various
forms of credit. ; . '» '
At a time when citizens had arrived at a
general appreciation of all these facts tfc©
Democratic Convention was held In Chi
cago and the Bryan campaign was In
augurated. It resulted In an. effort to se^.
cure the retention of sliver as standard
money. The new Issue Involved the read
justment of partr allegiance. A conven
tion was 'held !n Indianapolis mainly com
posed, of : Democrats who had remained
faithful to Cleveland. They were the very
Democrats who had been most hostile to
the tariff policy associated with the name
of McKinley. Tet now they used every
endeavor to secure his election to the
Presidency, so great was the importance
which they attached to the defeat of Mr.
Bryan. At the fame time Mr. Bryan was
ardently supported by Republicans in the
silver mining States. JESSE MACT.
Note — An examination on this course as
the basis for the granting of certificates
will be published on Monday next.
Iowa College.
AM E RICAN ¦-¦*'<?O L1TICAL F» A RTIES.
THE SECOND CLEVELAND ADMINISTRATION:
.....:. ' ,:••.'•. :
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
Has: Secured Right of ;^Way
k Prom San Bernardino to ¦•
Los Angeles.
CLARK READY
TO BEGIN WORK
ON NEW ROAD
High School 6oy S 5¥ho Carrag^pff
Honors at; sFamforan.
OAKLAND PROUD OF
SWIFT YOUNGSTERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 1, 1900.
Tlhere ;Pame ; Also a Frosty Frost
Tlhaf- pipped a "Bag JRally."
WHEN TOWNE CAME
TO SAN LEANDRO
SNAPSHOT :QFJHEi RECENT RAIiLYV:. OF: THE XDEMOCJ^ACKaT, SAX
¦••• >:;t,EAXDRO,-::THEPlCTURE;\VAS: ; 'TAKEX\:WHILE - ENTHUSIASM
"'AND THE^CRQWDtTVASVATiiTS^HIGHEST.
¦ r-:-v:--. ¦¦. • ¦;'. '-¦'.¦..-¦.¦¦¦¦-.¦¦¦¦• ¦¦:¦¦¦:¦¦ ¦-.:.:¦. ¦¦;¦:.: : ::^- ¦¦'¦ '^-. • ¦:.¦¦• A:-.v';' v:-: ; ;---;* ;v.' ; - •¦
OAKLAND HIGH SCHOOL'S WINNING kELXY;TCA>^ THE JLTHLETES
(COT'NTIXG FROM LEFT TO RI^HT) ARE:; .1; NORTON WILCOX; 2y
BARRY CLOrGH: S. CHARIiS SMltlE: 4/ VICTOR N:METCALF;
f. OCTAVIUS LA VALLJER£jV6;:.tI^pYC-;HUGIIES: V^/- ' ¦¦: Y^/.:^-. .¦'¦,¦•'•/
NEW YORK. Sept. 30.— Joseph Silver
man. 4S yearn old. a wholesale liquor deal
er at Great Falls, Mont., died suddenly
from heart failure to-day in this city. Mr.
Silvennan, beta; In 111 health, had come
to New York, early In the summer to get
the benefit of tne sea air at Brighton
JBeach. 0BM
7
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
INNOCENT CHICKENS ARE
PRODUCTIVE OF MUCH WOE
AND ILL FEELING.
Economy in carfare Is often extrava-
gance in ehoe leather.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 1, 1900.
8
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. O,
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 10O1 Market at., .corner Sixth. ¦¦ .
PARIS Dental Parlor. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns, $3; fillings. 25c.
LOWEST prlcen In S. F. ; painless extraction,
. COo. New York Dentists, 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
DENTISTS.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per «et: extracting. 50c; gas given.
DR. Creely's C. P. mange cure and worm pills
by (JrucerlftK or at hospital.' 510 Golden Gateav.
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital, Post, Fillmure—
Advice and medicine, 75c; city visits, $1 50; all
animals treated: does boarded. ,Tel. West €36.
DOG HOSPITALS.
A-^MURRAY . & ' READY
-' 'Leading Employment' -and- Labor" Agents,' ,...-
.-.:.' -\Vant--.:at-:7 A:- ii;.. mon-day.-....v...
freh;..\ve...ship. ..:everyj3odx..fbeb:
'.To All Parts of California;. Utah; Nevada. •¦ •
'¦•NUMBER.-:-- ,. WANTED' AT :. • WAGES..
154-^Nevada,-. Truckee; LBkey.lew/,,$41;and fd
-16-^Lo'a -Angeles; -.Santa BarDara,»y....-..i-.-$S' day
,24-i-Reddijig,-- Shasta; ' :Fresno-. .-. .-4 ...;;$1- 90 day;
liS^Surf;- S.oda:ial.r»ngs. Salt'.lJafce., $Z day :
.. "6'4— 'DixpoV- Elmlr.a-' and Bakersfleld...$l 70 day
163— For' nineteen different^divjsion's. ...,K dfy
FREE. FARE... .ViOFFI.CE- FEE ONLY $t.; "¦
•¦>;, .¦¦•..,.•¦•,.,• MURRAY feP.EADT;- -¦
is'.y-.r'::-:',:"^:'-':;'-": '-'¦ ; /."' " • - : 634-G36 Cl.ay-stU'- ¦
PHONE. MAIN. 534$
i CARPENTERS.V city /• -$3 -'50 •.day;" 2 ." carpenter*
'; for mirtei$3day; 3 .plaln.ca'rpenters, • country.
= • J3, : .. : -fare.'- •paid;:.brjGklayer/ ; -f.or • mine; $4./day ;;
¦•.mattfesk .ihaker,- Country ;-.be.neh ihand.vcoun-
. try'fmachineirian for co.u.ntry mtll,. $3.85 day,
.'•:' toys :to learn trade. $4'- weelt' and- increase '. .la-
:¦¦ borerV-for. sme'tters, - miner.- aml : - other -worx; :
--¦wb.odchbpp.ersi $1 4tS-*.to';$l 40-c'ord.--'.,J.;. F.-'CRO-
.¦••SETT:&.,CO.;i' 6'2S. Sacramento >f ; 'v.=- ¦;';•':."••"'
• " . HELP '\> V -^TED^1 ALE< 1 ./; ' •
COOK;' country ''hotel.' $65;.GOok, country board 1
¦ lng-hoiise -$•»<>; second- cook, country .""$25;- res-'.
- taurant ¦¦cooks; $10 and : $12; pantryman, coun-
¦•¦-.try,. $20; 3- wallers, cduntry hotels,- $30,' and.
."Other, ho.tel and. restaurant- help; ••J. ,F,- CROr.
• ; . SETT .&'.CO; , : 62S Sacramento.-, gt; ' ¦¦- .'¦
V FARMERS -and wives;- $33, tor';$5$ ' 2 men ' and
'" wives, •prlvate'-famllles, .J-iOVand $50; .man- and
¦ 'wife; housework. S5O"; ; latinarj-man -and -wife;-
V$60j- Scandinavian . coachman, $30 :.and: ground;
¦ •farmers, ••?23"and.J26; 4 milkers. -J25,--$27 50. .and
.¦¦$30; fruit, pickers. \H -day; and board;; scraper
.- teamsters, $1. 50 dayi'and -board;- and-, others.
.-; j:.-F. ; CROSETT;.& .CQ:.V62i Sacramento.' St. : . "
HELP • WANTKEU-FEMALH.
GIRL to do light housework. 1045 Mission st.
NURSEGIRL. 2408 Fillmore 8t
WANTED— A girl for chamberwork; $20. 425
Kearny st.
GOOD hands on vests: highest wages: also ap-
prentice; paid while learning. 641V4 Stevenson.
WANTED— Girl for housework in small family.
321 A Fremont st, near Folsom.
WOMAN for plain cooking. $20. At HER-
MAN'S, 26 Steuart st. upstairs.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has .been established at 1096
Valencia st.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 26c to $1 SO night. $1 50 to $8
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
LADY wishes sewing and mending to do at
home. 116 Sixth st, room 1.
WANTED— By a reliable lady; to do housework
or take care of Invalid lady; no postals or
children. Call at 2107 Powell St., store.
A WAITRESS wants plain waiting In restau-
rant, lunch or steady; neat and reliable. Box
2203, Call offlce.
RELIABLE girl to wait in dining room; must
¦ not be afraid of work. 448 Third st.
WANTED— Good pants finishers; good pay and
steady work. 346 Sixth st.
ELDERLY woman for light housework. 813
Diamond St., between 24th and Jersey.
GIRL wanted— Second girl for upstairs. 1562
Post St.. near Lacuna. .
YOUNG girl for upstairs work; good wages.
1207 Gou^h Et. .;¦.-.«
YOUNG girl for cooking; good wages; no wash-
Ing. 1207 Uough st.
WAITRESS wanted at 107 Berry st,
WANTED— Women and girls to work on toma-
toes, canning and preparing; highest wages
paid; steady work; prizes for quick work.
Apply Immediately to U. S. FRUIT PACK-
ING: CO.. Harrison ave., between Seventh and
Eighth sts.. off Folsom.
APPRENTICES on overalls. STANDARD
SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gough and Grove sts.
T AILORESS. fine pants finisher, at &% Kearny
St., room is.--. .-•' ¦-"":*-""- - --¦-.¦ . v- .¦¦
EXPERIENCED operator* I on silk waists. $10
week. LIVINGSTON MFG. CO.. 238 Bush st
GIRLS • with experience. r Book " bindery, Ml
IRONERS wanted at United States Laundry,
Sixteenth st, near Valencia. .
GIRLS wanted at United States Laundry, BU-
* teenth St., near Valencia. '
WELL-BRED . youn* mare. wajons, harness.
Incubators and b«aUr lor brooder. Box D,
FUITS to order on Installments: J15 upward:
Jl a week. LEON.LEMOS. 1117 Marksi st..
between Seventh and Eighth.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates: 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 357 Jessie st.
8UITS to order on easy payments. Art Tailor-
in« Co.. 1SU Mkt., under St. Nicholas U#+l~.
STEEL TANKS, all sizes; suitable for water or
oil: cheap; -all -shapes: second hand. .11 s
WHITE. 616 Mission St.
A— BUYS, sells or renta gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shaf tine, pulleys.
eta WHITKLAW. m Spear st ¦
OIRL wanted for cooking and general house-
work; wages $20. Apply at 1025 Devlsadero st
EXPERIENCED • i dress skirt operators for
house work. M. KRAKEH, 228 Bush st.
FIRST-CLASS skirtmakers and apprentices
wanted. BOWHAY, 616 Sutter st
WANTED — Experienced talloraas or good hand
finisher; steady work. 438 deary st. ¦: . <
CARPENTER, steady, all-around man,' wants
work of any kind; has tools. Box 4421, Call.
STEADY young man of 20 wishes position in
gents' furnishing house; best of references.
Box 2210, Call offlce. --.-,.;
RELIABLE " young man. handy with .- tools,
.wishes position as engineer or fireman; city
"or country; Address box 4499, Call offlce.
GOOD blacksmith's helper ; and shoer desires
position; city preferred. - Address box 442J.
Call offlce. •¦¦¦ ¦ -': -. ¦ ' ' ¦ ¦ ¦ -. ¦¦:¦ . ¦' . ¦
THE employment department of. tht Y. M..C.
' A. furnishes only reliable young men. Corner
Mason and. Ellis sts. ;"< phone Bush -17. , •
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions,
received at Call bra&oh of flee, SSOO Fillmo** £
RELIABLE and competent. young man desires
position of. any. kind: is a good penman and
accountant..- Box 444V Call, w.v
BUTLER or - valet, with first-dais recom-
mendation, wants position. Box 33M, ' Call. '
IMPR0VER8 on skirt* wanttd. PRANCES,
796 - Sutter; st. ¦
APPRENTICE for dressmaking t paid- while
learning. 1022 Washington st.
A FIRST-CLASS machinist, 13 years on ' bi-
cycle repairing, enameling and •tripping;
conversant with automobile repairs; beat of
references. : Address box 2034, Call office, Oak-
land. bBSMHI • ¦
WANTED— A girl for general houseworks wages
$4 a week. 3348 Clay Bt.
FINISHERS on pants wanted; good wages.
• 40 Ellis St., room 66. • • ¦ -
FINISHERS on custom coats and make button-
holes: good wages. 140 Russ st. - ,'
SEAWEED-Ut me see you c or h par at onae
if possible in three days. FISHER °DICk!
box 4426. Call offlce. ¦
LEDERER. the popular hairdresser, employ*
only artistic artistes— result, artistic hair-
dressing always: prtc« 25c; ftn<» switches
cheap. 123 Stockton. »
NOTICE-My wife. MR3. hay-
ing left my bed and board, I will not be re-
sponsible for any debts contracted,? by her
W. PETERSON. 110 Arlington st. "
SOLID gold. 14-karat, fine stem-winding How-
ard watch for $42 «0; will cost in any first-
class Jewelry store $83. UNCLE HARRIS. 15
Grant - ava. skjbbjssjrIesV
FOR sale — Property of the Hv» Oalc Consoli-
dated Gold Mining - Co., situated In Nevada
County, 15 miles north of Auburn; i patented
claims; 8-stamp quartz mill; ditch and hoist-
Ing works complete. For further particulars
inquire of A. MEISTER. 914 Ninth St.. Sacra-
mento, Cal. • . o
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats 11 73. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. bear Pine.
FINE suit, $10; dress pants. 32 73. JflSFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
PAIITXERS W'A.\TED.° °°/,.
PARTNER wanted, with, about $200: oof Var
from Ban Francisco; to. engaga tn raising
frogs, Belgian 3 hares, poultry and. sucbi." hay-
ing plenty of water on place. Call at Colum-
bus Billiard Hall. Mason and Market sts.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters
linoleum, new and second, hand: we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
32 complete outfits on our floor, ready trade;
we can ship everything in 21 hour* J.
NOONAN.. 1017. 1019. 102L 1023. Mlssloa St..
above Sixth: write for catalogue.'
MISCELLANEOUS— FOIl SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery Mr*
JNTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont St..
PALMISTRY.*- . rj ° D *• ¦>.,.
H. JEROME FOSSELLI., scientific palmist.. M3
Taylor st. bet.° Geary and Post, tet," Black 561.
MME. XEERGAARD has removed ' to 70ff Post;
ncu i'b 1 too fvp. ; ft nti StjTirtav t*y ApoolntTTi^n t»
ELDERLY lady; light duties for room and
board. 3332 Clay st.
SITUATION by middle-aged German as porter
or for kitchen work; city • or . country ; la a
good milker; 3 years on last place. G. P.,
621 California st.
YOUNG man, well educated, desires position in
store or manufacturing concern; understands
the drug trade; can give Al references and
security. C. J. SHILLING, 15S1 Valencia st.
SALESLADY wanted for bakery; one who can
wait at table. 1410 Polk St.. near Pine.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
. eases of the human body, - 115 Mason st. =
WANTED— A position by a young man in some
butcher chop where he can learn to cut meat;
best of references; city or country. Box 8759,
Call offlce.
THE well-kndwn DR. POPPER, celebrated fe-
male specialist; practical physician for 37
years; -always successful. 318 Kearny st.
GIRLS to rivet overalls. ¦ also sewing machine
.operators, at Levl Strauss & Co.'s factory,
32H Fremont St.; no experience necessary;
good wages. Apply to MR. DAVIS. .'
YOUNG man of 30. ' speaks • English, Spanish
and Portuguese, wishes position in grocery;
Ion? experience; good references. Address
box 3398. Cair offlce.
MRS. M. ALLEN, 1033 Market— Ladies' special-
ist: home In confinement; safe and reliable;
consultation free; hours 10 to 8.
YOUNG man wishes to learn bartending In
first-class place. Box 2215, Call offlce.
' OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
LARPE store; fixtures In: 4 rooms; in yood m.
tail district. NE. corner Clement and Third
»vf.: Sutro cars pass door. D
LASUT: elegant store ami basement; 893 Valen-
c-'A st.. near 21st; business center; suitable
fjr J any business. ,
pCSINESS corn?r;' Union St.. cor. Morae. b»t-
Larkln and Hyde: to be fitted to suit tenant.
TO let-^Good store and rooms. 23 Ninth ;st.:
FIRST-CLASS cook desires steady situation In
restaurant or oyster house. Call or address
GEO. WENSE. 115 Eighth St.
SITUATION wanted as coachman and general
work on country place by steady single man
with good . ref erences. Box 2214. Call offlce.
SLAUGHTER sale of upright pianos for stor-
age: t*> np. Wilson'^ Storage. 1710 Market st.
HIGH-GR.iDE pianos: Steck. Hardman. Con-
over & ethers. W. B. ALLEN CO.. 311 Post.
REDUCTION sale; new pianos: $3 payments:
for rent, tt up. BRUENN. 2M Post St.
NG TOY KEE, Chinese doctor: cures consump-
tion, cancer, catarrh, etc.; all diseases treat-
ed; send for testimonials; advice free. Sani-
tarium. 704 Sacramento St.. corner Kearny.
MRS. DR. WYETH, reliable specialist; 25 yrs.'
practice; home In confinement; treatment at
offlce. S5; any ailment; consultation free: con-
fidential. 942 Post st., bet. Hyde and Larkln.
DR9. GOODWIN.well-known ladles' specialists,
have returned from Europe; safe and reliable;
cure $5; have treated thousands of cases with
success; 15 years" practice In S. F. ; maternity
home; low fees. 1CO7>4 Market St., near Sixth.
LUNCH man wanted. 1077 Market st.
DISHWASHER; steady man only need apply.
448 Third st. ' .:' ¦ y
BARBER shop, ..-twp-chalr, for sale cheap;
owner has other, business. 3112 Twenty-fourth.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order, $1 per week, at
cash rriees. N. Y. Tailoring Co.. 115 Kearny.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— Recruits for the United States Ma-
rlne Corps, U. S. Navy: able-bodied, unmar-
ried men of good character, between the ages
of 21 and 35 years; not' less than 5 feet 4
Inches and not over C feet 1 inch in height;
must be citizens of the United States or per-
sons who have legally declared their inten-
tions to become citizens: able to read, write
and speak English properly. For further In-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting Of-
fice, 40 Ellis st.. San Francisco. Cal.,530 K st.,
Cal., or 1053 J st., Fresno. Cal.
WE want 10 honest. Industrious men to solicit
in city and county: experience not necessary;
we teach you the business; good contracts for
sober men willing to work. White Sewing
Machine Co.. 300 Port st., ror. Stockton.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only eight
weeks required: positions guaranteed: special
Inducements; catalogue and map of city free.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 larse
..¦rooms; 2C« per night; $1 to $2 per week.^
BOT with slight knowledge of watchmaking;
state age, references and wages. Box 4137,
Call offloo. o
NEW goods; quick sales; salary or commis-
sion; city or country. THE J. DEWING CO.,
Flood bulldins.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms, 25o night; reading-room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
EXPERIENCED canvasser for journal; liberal
terms. Address box S391. Call offlce.
SOLICITORS '. -wanted. 30< Sansome St., room
SO. . '" • „ ¦ . : : -. .
WANTED— Teamster for delivery wagon. Ap-
. ply Alabama and Montcalm sts. ; c
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms, 10c, 15o and
:20c. . Boston House. 930 Howard St.. ¦>
FIRST-CLASS* ladies' tailors wanted. FRAN-
; CES, 796 , Sutter ; st. .
BARBERS— S-chalr shop for sale; new modern
furniture; Investigate. ' 708 McAllister St.
LINDELL House, corner; Sixth and Howard —
Rooms, 15c to 25c night; 75a to $2 per week.
WANTED— A man that understands florist and
nursery. business. 500 Halght st. : * ' :--
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer, li
,,....'..;.; . .years' practice ; Examiner building.
BOYS ' wanted. SAN FRANCISCO AND PA-
¦ CIFIC GLASS ¦ TVORKS t 7th and To wnjend.
POSITION wanted by experienced reliable man
with good references to work In wine and
liquor business. Box 2213. Call offlce. '
EMPLOYMENT WASTED MALE.
W. G. BADGER. 412 Sacramento st. agent fo*
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
.MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. the world-renowned
ladles' specialist: safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed in San Francisco for years; treated thou-
sands of cases successfully; treatment can be
used at home; consultation free. After all
others fall call on him. 10234 Market st.
SOHMER & CO.. Byron Mauzy. Gabler. Spell-
man and other planes. 3CS Post st.
AT KEEFFE*S. 933 Market St.. 4 elegant up-
rights at your own price.
BE in the swim: rent a new piano for $3 per
month. SCOTT-CCnTAZ CO.. 560 Hayes st. .
A BARGAIN: must b? sold: nice upright planow
KCHMITZ. 16 McAllister St.. next Hlb. Bank.
BIG piano stock: all grades; cut prices lust
now. DEWINO CO.. Flood building.
BEAUTIFUL large upright grand, piano. 3
.- pedals; -sacrifice; leaving city. 334 Oolden O.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 997 Market St.. cor. Sixth:
reliable ladles' specialist; home treatment. $3.
safe and sure cure guaranteed; ladles treated
at office can return home the same day: pri-
vate home before and during confinement;
best medical care; hours, 9 a. m. to 5 p. ra.
DR. -and MRS. DA VIES. 12M Market— Ladles'
specialist*; 32. years' practice;' have treated
thousands of cases successfully; positive cur*
guaranteed at offlce: ladles treated can return
home same day; HINDO HERB home cure;
any one can use It; perfectly harmless; home
for confinement. Send stamps for circular.
MEDICAL.
A BEAUTIFUL upright cabinet grand. 'threa
: pedals: mu«t be sold: owner leaving town.'
Room 51. Flood building. ¦ . ,. ••
WANTED-By experienced, trustworthy wo-
man position as nurse or taking care of in-
valid. MRS. HANDY, 129 Grove st.
W T ANTED— By two competent women, work to-
gether as cook for men: country preferred.
Call or address Cook, 260 Stevenson st., S. F.
FOR sale— Upright music box. with -or'.' without
nickel attachment: 34 plates: cost JITS:- cheap.
11S7 Market St., between Seventh" and. Eighth.
massage:.
EMILY>SEGSWORTH, : assistant; to Dr. A* B.
.- 'WtllcQX. scientific masseuse^' room <?,' St;
Ann's building; hours. 9 a. .m. Yo 12:30.-
WANTED- Housework by- the day. Call or ad-
dress E22 Howard St., upstairs.
VIOLIN strings: never wet: best In the worWj
making and repairing of all kinds of musical
: Instruments. . Carl C. Anderson. 417 Geary -st^
THOROUGHLY competent young lady wishes
poEltion in offlce or as cashier; understands
use of Remington typewriter; best of refer-
ences furnished. Box 8390, Call office.
YOUNG girl, 15 years old, wishes a place to
assist In light housework. < Call 393 Sixth st.
sast rn.i)rci»co call.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The Ban Francisco
Call, corner of Market aad Third streets, open
cr.til 12 o'clock •?err night in the year.
BKAKCH OFnCES-{:j Montgomery street.
corner Clay; open until t:30 p. m.
BOO Hayes etreet: open ontil * :S3 p. m.
CSS McAllister etreet; open until 140 p. n«t
CIS Larkln street; open until 9:S0 p. m.
1941 MIbsIob etreet: open until 10 p. m.'V: . '
tSCl Market street. ¦ corner Sixteenth; open
Crtll I o. m. '. °\ :¦[ \
106 Eleventh street: open until 1 p. m.
1086 Valencia, rtreet: open until » p. m. . - '-' '
Northwest corner Twanty-eeoond and Ken-
tucky streets: open until t p. m.
M CC'l I \ G ] NOTICES.
EXCURSION STEAMER ¦'.- «^L^_-^-^
ZEALANWA -'. V^L^^
EoSs from Paclflc-«t." ¦ wharf . jff^ A
for Honolulu..-. • via- : ; Hilo, >m*5w
THURSDAY. Oetpber IL at /vjs£?\
22 no. For accommodatlona ap- \'. Iff;. \.\
ply £17 Harrott building. • . ; VI ¦"* TJ
K. P. HURLBUI. Potentate. .^V. J?
Tel. Boutt.m;--.-;-..,v-y;.-. ;•; : : ..: : ;..-..
GOLDEN GATE Commandery Xo. 18, ~ :.¦ +
K. T.. Golden: Gate building. 625 Sut- *«*
ter St.— Stated assembly THIS EVEN- Ft
TSO at 8 o'clock. The order of tha Spf ".
Ttrarle will t>» conferred.* All f raters
are courteously ini-ited. '. . : '.
ROBERT ilcMILLAN. Em. Com.
WM. T. FONDA. Recorder.
SAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1. Koyal Ak
Arch Masons, meets THIS EVEN- uX
ING. Business and degree 4. *^^
OCCIDENTAL Lofige No, M. F. and A.. «
il.— THIS (MONDAY) EVENING. «t^\^
7:2c o'r-i >. k. ttatoj meetlni. TZ. JT
WALTER O. AXDEHSON. Seo. /^T >
HERMANN Lodge No. 127. F. and A.' ¦
M — Suted meeting THIS DAT (MON-
DATj, October :. 1300. ut 7: JO o'clock jC Jf
p. m. B7 order of the W. M. /^r >
L. SCHUMACHER. Secretary.
"WALHALLA Encampment No. 7, I. O. ft
O. F.— The b.'ticere and the funeral V
cosin-.ltt^ of the above named encamp- f\-
ment are hereby notified to assem- * " ¦¦>.
b}e at Odd Fellows' Hall, corner Market and
Seventh sts.. on TUESDAY, October 2. at 1: SO
o'clock p. m., for the purpose of attending
the fun?ral of our late brother and patriarch,
JOHN CREIF. Uy order of th« C. P. •..¦¦•
CHAS. QUART, Financial Scribe.
HAEMCNY LoOce No. IS. I. O. -^--r ii^a.
O. K.— The otficf-rs and the funeral Bg^r^S*.
committee of the above lodce are
hereby notiSr-d to assemble st Odd '^'"^
Fellows' Hall, corner Market and Seventh
Bts.. on TUESDAY. October 2. at 1:30 o'clock
p. m. for the rurpoee of attending the fu-
neral of our late brother, JOHN GREtF. . By
order of the N. G. :¦ '•--..
CHAS. QUART. Financial Secretary.
ElVISION No. 2. A. O. H— The reru-o^^-K
lar monthly meeting of thl» Division :
wffl be held st Hibernia Hall. 110 5K\«
Nirah et., on TUESDAY. October 2. ftv£3
IKNL at T:M p. m. sharp. Hljh 1^***
jinks after the transaction of regular, busi-
ness. All members Fhould attend. ¦ " '
JOHN ICENXT. President.
T. L. CLAXCT, Secretary. .>- !•>¦ -.::'•
THE Califerr.ia Debris Commission. ha\1ng re-
ceived art Heat ion* to mine by the. hj-draulie
proeesa irora . the ; Dewey Consolidated Gravel
Minlns Company, in the: Homeward Bound.
Evening Stir and Morning; Light mines, near
Iowa Hill. Placer County, to deposit tailings'.
In Inflian Canycn; from Mary E. Ruth et ale.,;;
in the Buckeye mine, near North San JuaA,'
Nevada- County. . to deposit: tailings - in ; a;
workei-out rrt; from the Ralston Divide Gold ¦'¦
Mining .CnR::«r.y, In the Pat Go«fins and
Blackemlth Tlat mines, near. Virner, Placer.
County, to dermslt taiilrrs; -.In LonK-Canyonr
from Nathan Gardiner, in the' Sidney, placer,
tr.ine, near Igo. • j>>.iajta County, to deposit
• tailings la Sidney <3ulch.~ and from A; = WJ-
-.VhHney and C. : Y. Hepler. In the Miocene
mine, near Crescent Mills, Pliimaa County,
to deposit tailing* in Rush Creek, gives notice
that a meeting will be held at room 59,
Flood building. San Francisco, Cal., on Oc-
tober 15. l&M. at 1:30 p. ra. .-' .¦¦.'. ¦'¦ - .'-.;• ¦//. .;¦': ¦¦. :,']
STOCK HOLD EUS- MEETIXG— Notice is hereby
riv<-n tha-t the annual meeting of the etock-
holSers cf THE BANK OF CALIFORNIA
*-i;l be held at the banking house in this city
rm TUESDAY. October 9. 1900. at 11 o'clock
a. m. By order of the. Board of Directors: 1 - -
ALLKX M .CLAY. Secretary. .
' '."'.¦ .ASTRbLOGV.-'/\7 : ;v'.-- ; ;V ; ' :•:"¦;
MME. HICKET. aBtrbibrlst:.: card reading and '
palmistry. Ijr: horoscopes cast. : 1833 Mission.
IjR. C. T. TAVLOR. t^Gientinc astrologer com- j
r-jtes horoscopes by Ptolemy method. "& Mkt. |
AGE>TS WAJfTED^; y;-\
f^i TO |S* dai!v made by our Live Agents,
men or ¦women, selling our latest novelty,
campaign wste-rproof neckties; goods entirely
new and pstrnted; agents delighted; t»les uu-
limitei; v.-het othero &a you can do; write to-
day; secure exclusive territory; guaranteed
bf« seller. Addzvss. with stamp, M. & M.
MANFG. CO.. Dept. C. Springfield. Mass.
HAVE you thoupht it is time for holiday and
new fall bock canvassing? Samples ate ready;
line eleprant: don't be too late: order outfit at
mce. 3. DEV.I.NG CO.. Flood building.
AGENTS of ability and experience in life insur-
ance. Call gt room 1C1. 99? Market, cor. Slrth.
WE handle newc« novelties for agents. PA-
CIF1C AOT-.NTS- FT-PPLT CO.. 34£1 ISth St.
ASrilALTL'M ROOFING.
3. PELTIER, atphalt roofing, sldetralks: cellar
fl->or» laid. i>palrwl: postal. 118S Mission st.
ATTOKXEVS AT LAW.
R. TV. KING, attorney at law, 927 Market St.,
room CTT: estates, damages, ¦ attachments,
bankruntcy. collection*; all ca-es; fair fees;
no advance charges; money loaned on estates.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fre without succt-os: collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, K50 Market, cor. Stockton.
FREE advice'; divorce laws, damages, estates,
collections. J. A. Mitchell, 314 Montgomery.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. Davidson. $27 Market St., opp. Mason.
L. 6 CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket Ft- fr***: no fees In advance.
HATH CA1IIX12TS*.
ROBINSON J5, 4-panel folding: door opens; flrm
anij fafe. \V. B. HROWX. gen, agt.. 426 Ellis.
UL'SI\K!»S CHAXCES.
A— J400: BUTCHER ehop on Valencia et.:
monthly receipts about 11200; eelling 4 cattle
per w«*k; low rent; Kood business. Call R.
G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny Et.
A— J30C; ETATIOXERr, notions and branch
bakery; 6 living rooms; cheap rent and a
rood paying business. Call It. G. WILKE,
264 Kearny Bt.
A— *«00: RESTAURANT on Valencia St.; rent
f25, or with 7 furnished rooms. S700- rent $45
for a!l; good place; death of child cause of
celling; a bargain. See R. G. WILKE. 264
Kearny et. - '; ,
A— tGZO: RESTAURANT. 2 blocks north of
Chronicle building; first-class Drices; rent
JS5; owner wishes to eell on account of other
business engagements. Call It. G. WILKE,
Zt\i Kearny Et.
JL— *1200: EALOOX with 10 furnished rooms,
close to new Hall of Justice; place established
many years and doing a rood business; owner
engaged otherwise cause of sale. Call R, G.
WILKE. 264 Kearny st. -.v ¦:;
A— 6ALOON with 9 furnlehed rooms; rent *40;
place dolr.g a good business; in neighborhood
Of warehouses, and factories; commercial
lunch from 11 to 1 o'clock; a rare chance.
Call R. G. WILKE, 26^ Kcarny st.
A — tt400| SALOON established •¦ many year*:
half a block north of Mason and Market;
rent $75; a first-class, paying place; partners
can't apree cause of sale. See R. G. WILKE
26Vi Keamy Et.
A— niOO; CORNER grocery and tier: choicest
location in the Mission: rent $35; 4 living
rooms; tlace established years; owner, a
widow, wants to retire. : Call R. G. WILKE,
164 Kearny rt. c - •
$550— fiALOON: best= location In South 8 F !
good paying business; 4 nice living rooms;
moderate rent. M. LESS & CO., 7$5 Market.
A— S500; CORNER grocery and bar; south of
Market; old-established ; 4 living rooms; cheap
rent: old age cause tale. M. LESS, 76S Market.
$1000— CORNER caloon and lunch house; down-
town; magnificently fitted up; large, flrst-
elats 6tock; paying. . M. LESS & CO. 765
Market. • ,
A— EAT. FTSHER &. CO.. hare you lodging-
house*? Tee; -what price? $2U0 up, any loca-
tion desired; 12 rooms, 1300; 10 rooms, $410; 10
rooms, new, J900, fine; 20 rooms, bargain, $750:
87 rooms, 12000. .er.ap ; all sines, all prices, all
new bargains; call and see i». JKC2 Market.
A 6PECIAL IKDUCEMEXT. CALL OK
• KREDO & DCTTONY.8S Geary st.
J700 cash for £0 rooms: new; Installments.
$300 for 14 rooms - t Geary: $35 profit.
$450 only for 14crooms; Post; worth $900.
$1050— DELICACV store nmr Market st. : living
• rooms; clears $150 to $200 per month. M.
LESS & CO.. 7C5 Market tt. - .
BARGAIN; saloon; fine location- and business;
no night .work; cojne quick. LANE. ESS Mrkt.
IZ'O) — PARTNER wanted In first-class restau-
rant; central location. Address box 2212. Call.
GROCERY- and bar: good location:- established
15 year*: stock Ih sight for full purchase price.
Apply W. L. HARPER. 318 Hearst bldg. :
•WANTED— A lady 1 partner, small capital; sta-
tionery business; by lady; re(. Box 3385. Call.
FOR SALE cheap— Established soda works;
cause, atcknets. Call 2663 Twenty-second eL
BUSINESS CHANCES COSTIItPED.
$1450— SALOON; central location: well fitted up;
day business; complete stock; commercial
lunch. 11-1 o'clock: 6 furnished rooms, always
rented: good paying business, with very light
•xpenses; good reason for selling. Box 8794.
Call ofnoe.
A NO. 1 transfer corner saloon for sale on
aocount of immediate departure for Europe;
price reasonable: established 12 years. Ad-
drews box 4427. Call otflce. . ¦
FOR SALE— Grocery and bar doing a good
business. Call or address 31 Cedar avenue;
no agents.
RESTAURANT and oyster house for sale. 627
Natoma ct., bet. 9 and 11 a. m.; no agents.
A $1100; STATIONERY, . notion, candy store;
clearing $100 per month. Box 3799, Call.
CORNER grocery and bar will be sold cheap;
living rooms. 1363. Folsom st. ¦ - '. • : ¦: ; '"•• •
BAKERY, U01 Howard et. : store and 2 rooms;
bake oven, with large, basement; rent cheap.
FOR tale— Laundry route; paying JIM p!er
month, price $400. Box 4S0O. Call office.
EALOON for sale; opposite the ferry. Apply
111 Eagt St.. north of Market; no agenf. -;..¦.'.
PLUMBING ehop, stock, shop tools, horse, and
wagon for sale. Address box. 4401, Call. -.* ¦
FOR SALE — Klondyke Oyster House; .money
maker; cause sickness. 126 Third at., at 12 m.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.-
W. CASWELL fc CO.. 412 Sacramento Bt
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore St.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098 Va-
lencia «t. ' ¦ • -. ' '. '• :' ¦
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE. ¦•'
14 ROOMS; only $400115 rx>omsrcorner7rr.$S50V
20 rooms; clears $100 600J26 rooms; corner.... 1700.-
¦"•room flit ..; 100J.30 room6; good.-. ..-,'.1650
.21 rooms; new 1100|J6 rooms; clears J1&0.1COO
18 rooms; clears $100 S'!»'5C rooms; new .:!S00.'
» rooms; see this...' «0O!S2 rooms; corner.. -.-ueoo
8 rooms; flat i. 400r8 rooms; bargain.., 300
12 rooms; good : 4W 104. .rooms ..;.;.¦ 4500
.; DON'T FAIL TO CALL. I CAN SUIT..
¦' House for Cash Payments or Exchange. •' *•¦
H. C DECKER. 1020 Market.. Phone Mint 798.
M. GRIFFIX. 719 Market st.. room L ¦ " ' : ' •/
.89 rooms; .Income $250 monthly.' ;.J20OO
II rooms; corner; all, front; a bargain.... 1209
: 13 rooms, 9 furnished:. 5. blks N. Market..:' 125
200 houses', for; sale; list free; please call. \ ... ¦
EMERY & SMITH; 8 Edfly St.. cor. -Market."
Lodglmr-houses to suit ev»rj-body; inspect-
'. our full and complete, lists. .' •¦ •"- .•¦¦•' : ' \
. JO rooms;. Ellis Ft '..« ; .$SSO I
.14 rooms: -McAllister st.,..' ....,..'...... COO !
Caah or easy . payments. - '• .'. • •¦ ' ¦• '
A — 22-ROOM rooming-house; central.'.:.... .: $1000
11-room house: $300 down r balance easy.. 60»
20-room house; first-class....... V..:.... '....;' 1050 j
11-room house: $475: 6-room flat...... ;•.-,.;. 325
.. ,. : FISHER & CO.. 1032 Market st.
LODGING-HOUSE buyers, attention — Houses at
reduced prices;, genuine bargains; cizes and
location to suit; money loaned. SCI1WEI N-
HARD &. CO:. t . 917 Market st, between. Fifth
and Sixth :'rho.ne' 1911. '-.I • : . .
A— SSO^ROOM hotel;- modern;'.' large. lot; 2-. stores: .
always fqll: -pr suitable for- sanitarium; ; ln
: Alameda; very easy. ; terms. Apply A. it;
. BPECK&. CO.. 667 Market st. : . .
75 ROOMS, on Kearny st. ; no better transient
lodging-bouse in the city to- make, money.
¦ Address bor 3797; Call office.' " ' • .
FCRNISHED house, 10 rooms; all occupied;-
good location; rent. cheap. 12SV4 Ninth st.; no
• : agents^. ;;;.;:.;;,.'-..';;¦¦, • •'- ¦ . .¦:' °:v '. .' .¦•
SIXTH. . S42— Nice sunny furnished house -of .9
- ..rooms for sale; reasonable.' - L: .. • " ; : -"-"- ..
TOR sal*-r-L6dglng-houpe; • 21 rooms; .ail light. ;
309 JMsle.'gt.. corner .Second.- ¦•' .-" -. ¦ ]
: : CAilRIAdKS AXD WAGOXS. :
$M-.'VriLL buy a Brewster steel-tlr'ed surrey,'
shaft or pole;. seats '4 or 6.' .818 Geary. Bt.; . . .
ALL kinds of ' wagons; ' bupgles. -carts, harness,
etc.. cheap, EG AX &. SON. 2117 Mist-ton st. .
>->." A No. 1 express wagon., single, also light
...camping: wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission."
NEW & zd-hand wagons, busrijies, carts & har-
ness, work <t driving horses. 15th & Valencia.
6PONGES and chamois onr specialty.- • AMER-
'ICAN PPONOE CO... 150 N>w Montg-ornVry at.
:O;:"^'v'. ; ;•''.. 'SpmiTUAxisM..; ; -:' ':-.-:- : ¦
ARRIVED— Mrs. Dr. Farhham,' world-renowned'
cpliitual medium; advice in all affairs of lit?.
'-'laweuits, divorces, deaths; unites the sepa-
rated; mining' a specialty; clrs; Sun..V>d:,FrL
. ev's: come and. be convinced.. (Permanently)
. . E13 Eddy ft., bet. Hyde and Larkln: no sign.
LADIES' Aid— Election of officers WEDNES-
:DAT,i p. m.. Occidental Hall. 305 Larkln st.
MRS. LESTER-Clrcles Sun., Tuee., Fri. eve.,
10c; readings ' .dally. 200 Turk Bt. ' .
MISS SOPHIA SEIP— Sun. at 8 and daily read-
Jngt«. 6th & Mkt. ets.. Oakland. People's Hall.
PROF. GEE, medium; test circle every night,
10c; read. --$1; ladies 50c. 14? 6th. Brunswick.
MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium,
healer and card reader. 132 Sixth st.. room 1.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer, sit. dally: convlnc'K tests to-night 10c.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant. U*t. buol-.
tw medium", life r*«<Vr: Flttlne? H. 1104 Mkt.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. LANGE, the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future; never fails; has the greatest Egyptian
secret; shows picture future husband or wife;
fee 25c and up: satisfaction to everybody: open
Sundays. 1147 Market St.. bet. 7th and 8th.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double v?u & second sight,
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 50c;
gents $1; palm. & clalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk st,
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 114S Market, opp.
6th: private readings daily 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MME. BERNARD reads life fluently; advica
given in all affairs In life; satisfaction guar-
anteed; 25c ui>. 17 Third st., next Examiner.
CLAIRVOYANT, trance, business medium, card
reader, 25c up. £23 Mission St., nr. 4th; no sign.
MRS. MELVILLE, well-known clairvoyant, wa-
ter reader, moved to 11 Sixth; German spoken.
MRS. MOORE, -clalr.. card reader: written ques-
tions ans.; L. 23c. G. 50c. 1060 McAllister st.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader; past,'
present, future, 25c. 14S Sixth Et., room 14.
MME. ZEREDA. the gypsy, is the great palm-
ist and card reader: 25c. 7 Seventh; no sign.
"CONSULT WATSON." 1E81 Market St.. nr!
12th, "famous medium, palmist"; 25c& 50c.
MRS. E. M. DUVALL. clairvoyant jyid healer,
diagnoses diseases. .425 Golden Gate ave.
MME. SCHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 212% Sixth st.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay: 25c. 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice: names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st
CARPET HEATING AXD CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor wdtk
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet- Beat-
ing Worke, 353-357 Teharna Bt.: tel. South 40.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth St.: tel. Mission 74.
CITY Strain Carpet-Beating Works. O. H.
STEVENS, men. 38-40 8th St.; tel. South 250.
CARPETS cleaned at Jc per yard, laid at 4c
gTRATTON'S.- 3 Eighth St.: tel. Jesslq 944.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
S tel. Main 294. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
r CONKLIN'S Carret-Beatlng Works. 333 Golden
; Gate »v>.: t-lt-nhon* Ba«t 1?6.
CHIROPODISTS.
BUNIONS, lnsrown nails, corns, absolute cure.
painless: conyuit'n free. Dr.r>unr«n.41. ! » Sutfr.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charte un-
less successful. Room 319. 927 Market St.
c COTTAGES TO LET.
J6— HOUSE of 4 rooms; worth $1! in city; near
Holly Park; water tree. 64 Silver St.. oft 3<1.
DENTISTS.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, i S0» Mar-
ket st.. cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$2 SO up; plates, extractions free. $4 CO up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. G: W. WILLIAMSON. M. P., Manager.
A-DR. V. CAVALSKY has returned from
the Paris Exposition with" some of the finest
patents for painless dentistry, plates, teeth
without a plate, crown and bridge work; all
work warranted ; plates, full set. $3; fillings,
tOc; crown. $310. Chicago Dental Parlors, 246th.
CROWN and bridge work experts: our work Is
unexcelled, our prices arc the lowest: call and
¦ee our samples and get our prices before ga-
Ing elsewhere; best of references; examination
free. "Main office" New York Dental Parlors,
• 1019 Market st.. bet, f.tli and 7th; elevator.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or nlllngs by my won-
derful secret, painless method; 20 years' ex-
perience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'FarrcU st • .
TEETH extracted free; plates. $3; crowns, $3 M;
bridge work. 15: all the latest methods for
painless dentistry: hours, 9 a. m. to > p. ci.
Modern Dental Parlors, 1206 Market, cor. O. G.
DR. WALSH, 815*i Geary, nr. Larkln-Palnlesi
tatxactioa fcOc; E&iM p 09; Xei, jtoUt itfi.
GERMAN girl wishes situation- second work;
can bo seen. at last place, 1022 Larkln st;
YOUNG Eastern girl would .like position. In- a
private family: Is a. first-class -waitress.
Please call at 1045 Mission St., downstairs. ¦¦
YOUNG girl wishes a situation to' do. general
housework In a private, family. ¦ Please call
at 2951 Pine st. ..'•-. • .. . :'¦ '•:
HOUSECLEANING or washing • wanted by.-.a
• capable woman by th©' day,. $1 10.,-. 773 Ste:
venson St.. near Ninth. '. , '•• ' .; J -
CHEAPEST and best in Amerfca^-The Weekly
CaiU-rlfi pages,- sent to ariy address in. the
¦-:Uritted: States -or Canada ; orie. year for $1;. ;'¦¦
LOST-^A > Great Dane : - black.' '¦ white mark '. oa
chest. v . Returh.1826 Ellis st:: liberal reward.
ABSOLUTELY the largest exclujlve wholesal*.
: arid, retail piano house west of Chieato;.bji?-'
gains in all standard makes from $50 to- ICS3.---
:' Agents for Hallett & Davis. Boston's oldest
' and most famous piano: also Behr Bros:" anil
ten other makes. . HEINE PLANO CO.. 21T
.Geary st. • . . , •' : -'- •¦•-"*¦-•: ¦¦'.-¦'. ¦ =¦•;.':
LOST-t-Double- faced pin.- Flnde/: please return'.
. .ta-"22"lS Geary; st. : .reward: ".- ; . ; - •-¦ ' - •; .'•- ;; v
NO matter what you want In th<- Una of mu-
alcal' goods, you can always do beat at MaU-
.:VAIS'. 763 Market st. ' . ' ¦ *¦ • .... . ¦ ": '•• -. •>. .-
LOST-iFrpm 902 California st., ' corner of Ppw-
: -ell. .September -26. '.male. collie puppy; yellow.'
•with .white stripe' in " f aee: '¦¦ Retiirn . to ¦ »bo\r;e
A RELIABLE piano can be bought only front
-- a reliable house. TivZENO M.M'VAIS ML'-
':¦ BIG CO. -Is such s> Eousa. - Their address :»*
• ; .769 Market eu >¦ - .•;•:"'?'•. ; ; ." :."¦'¦' ¦'. :.•.::.; : - '.
LpST^CeftiflcatjEt Nos.60, 3S3, 51!, 618, 6W and
:.620 of.- California Schuetzen: Club Park and
¦'•'••. Building Association stock:- transfer stdppetl;
".- ptitchasers warnedv P. : . JACpBT. 612 1 . Comi
:-. : merclal 'St.. :. '.' -¦¦'.¦•'"•.•'.' ¦¦*'---'.¦*."•.; •• •.• • : .--;
DON'T fail to se* the beautiful Decker 4k- Sbii
. baby grands Just received at MAUVAI3". T«E»
..Market st. They are the- best ever shown la
..the cltjr. rV;---'*v/-;; : "''V-!. : : •¦" ¦ : -" : .: : ?/ ¦'[•¦',
LOST — Brown ''arid .-tan' dog; weigb.t--'4t4 ; lbs.;
-'. female;.. J5; reward. ;.217. Oak st. ; ..•': • - ; ':; -¦" -.••.-..
"WANTED— By elderly American woman, posi-
tion to do light housework ih -small. family.
• A. M. C, 12H Scott place, between Paclno
and Broadway. Powell and Mason-'sts;; -\- ' -*" .
NE-AT, 'girl- -for' general, housework- and-assist
•.;with : 2-:;ch'ildren.;;-.$l5 / ; : i93S.'13ush,-.st;. . . V,.--'.
J"IRST-GX,"ASS '; flnishf rs < '. and'. ; -apprehticesVon 1
. Atoatg.: • 222 Kearny,' St.':',' . • "- '". ;.• " . -, -•,'- •'.-:
WANTED— A young girl for. light housework;
¦.12S'..Bartlett: st.;. bet. 22d %nd 23dL," . "; .-., .. ".- : : -/;
FINISHER' and -girl to help operating oh "cus-
toth'.coats..: 126. Russ' st.-- .;-.- -. \ > \. : ...;\:\--: ¦'
EXPERIENCED waitress, |6 a week; restau-
.:.n.t\U-: 233 SIJtth st.f :". ••.¦•¦.•... ... - ; ". '••• ivv;..
GIRLtof assist in light-general housework; 2 In
family. . 1134 Ellis st. .•'..•." ... ..¦¦.•;-¦•.
WANTED— 2 compositors. -.Call early at 1519V4
¦S Polk at., near Sacramento. ' ': •¦¦"•¦ .;. .•¦ -..".
YOUNG girl for housework: no heavy work;
I .wages $20. 720 Bay St., .near Hyde.
FIRSTtCLASS iadies' 1^tailor ; : good ; wages. 462%
¦¦."Thirteerith;st:,;6akla'nd.... r: -: ; :\;f.?'V'y"*i : '/C : !
WANTbED^2. lunch:. waiters.; ,61S Sixth St.
; F.IRST-GL'ASS'eoatniaker.to wprk: inside. -Room
¦ -ICOlj :Palac'je .Hotel;. .": : ;< ••;• • ;;•;;..•:•' ;.'¦:. : ' ' .. •;
ERRAND bby-wantecl: JLOW.ENSTEIN BROS..
WANTECUEoy'- to- learn the. v cigar , trkde : ; : age.
: .16. •.-••266 • Third' st.:.:;-.. .:¦¦¦<.¦¦¦¦¦ : \, .:<••'"¦•.' .- ¦¦;>;.
YOUNG'-'mah:"as : -b'arkeepe.r ; reference's. North-
- east corner:' of T"remont'.and. Howard sts. ':.'¦".' ¦
SHOEMAKER, wanted: ..steady work.-.'.' 621 Sac- 1
; ramehto'sti;, nearMoritgoriieryl':-':'.'.:'" ' . .•-.;-.
WANTED-^-Gpod barber; ;cari.'-' board and lodge.
1035 ¦.Guerrero-;st:'''.-. ' -. ••.-..- •¦' "'. .-' :•:¦•;*¦
WANTED— Porter/ for biarber Shop:; 10ft O'FaxS
rell st, ;.v:- •:-¦;.'••: ' : ¦::;."¦. ¦':. : '-:: - : :'.-,.• :.:-
WANTED—^Strong boy -to .learn confectioners'
trade. J4 i week. -32 Sixth st.- : A' . ¦" ••-!
GET your- shoes' -half -.soled' while- waiting; 25c
to 60c. P62 Mission. st.V.,be.t. 1st arid -2d sts. ]¦.
"WANTED-^Cook for coffee and lunch house, $S
a week. -32 Sixth Bt. ;' ; - . : ; '• .• ';
BARBERS-riA Complete . 3-chalr outfit for sale,
at a bargain. : ; .. Call 902 Larkln st. ;-. : " ... ¦•¦¦
ELDERLY .'man to do .chores around . bakery,'.
1139 Folsoni st. '.- ..". .'- .;; ' .-'••;
NIGHT cook wanted at 907 Kearny st. •- Call
at 8 o'clock.- . ' • •• ; . '.--.'
WANTED— Dishwasher, oysterman and waiter.
212 O'Farrellvat; v "V":
FIRST-CLASS lady ; .'all-arouhdwork '^>n laaies'
...tailoringV . ..BERM Altt) ¦ .WISE,- .2107 ( FjllmQrfc
BERBER; .shop:' :pld"-estabUshed _ stand: •; living
rooms -'^-chea'P' rent';;' will ¦ sell .or' rent: ; STOLTZ;
•,.;«36'i Market' .E.t;i".rriove<V-.from .630 ¦ Market.: V : -\'.
FIHST-CLASS German cook and Helper ..want
places together In hotel, restaurant orboard-
•; Ing-house; first-class references. 242 Natoma
St., basement. : . ." . ¦„'...',':. -y - '¦•.'_:
JJATlBER, '.-.flrstrclass.v for.- country;:- wages-:$17;'
¦xar. fjare.: paidj .'Apply; immediately, : : H.:'BfiR-
• :¦ NATtI);. 104 ; Seventh' . St: -, .¦'¦:.:'-'. ':. ¦'. V ;;; : r--".V "f?: ;
ELDERLY ¦.wbmaJi- -or-.. yOung girl.' 4 (O-: assist!'
. .short-.. hour? ;'. sleep /.iiome. 3570 /Sey.ente.entn.
¦ -ct.V TiearV : Guerrero. : "¦: -. ' '.. .« . .•.•"•.¦'¦.'¦.¦¦•"• "¦'. •' •;•
¦¦^'A-NTEiy-i-A-'EiTl for Bakersrteld : , second work
and- care: of .ic-hildren;". wages. '.J20r -referencea
'. re.quired. .-Call. 910- Ellis st\ bet^ Sand 12 a^ m';'-
ENGLISH setter; tag; Alameda licensed Tinder
:.: returh : io. 307:Sacramento^ st.: and receive rer :
..ward.':;;' ; -V ; '••.'¦'-"¦..;. : -v ; :- - .'. : *-" ;". '¦';; !1 ""
ABSOX-UTELY the largest: exclusive wholesale
and .retail' piano hcuse- west of Chicago. • .¦-..'.
¦':. ¦:¦¦¦ .. -SPECIAL THIS MONTIL -. •'...; •
- Bargains In all standard makes from KO to
t3SSi~--J - :; -:- ¦ -. : - :".:.¦• -¦.¦..=••.•.'. •••'¦' ; ; ¦•¦" ¦ '-' ' ¦ -•' .- :
Agents for Hallet A Davis. Boston's oldest-
arid most famous piano; also Behr Bros, and Id-
ether makes. Pianos rented: rent allowed Jf
purchased; HEINE PIANO CO.. HI Geary st.
LOSTi^S.rriall. "white-poodle, 'yellow -ear,- DMr
."i-S.eyenVeerith.'.a.ha. Folsom : stsV .: Return- to..?(J47
.¦¦Fofebm'gt..':, regard,. >.-:.;.^'.;} :^ -¦:.¦--¦¦•.:•:; '¦
•LbST^Lady'S.:pUrse. With; owner's:: name, cpn-.
. • tainin^r .diamond' violet pin -and' rosary beads.
;•- Suitable xe:ward : by- returning to Bush ' st.
A COMPETENT chambermaid and seamstress
wants a- position, -good ref. from; last .place;
also a first-class Swedish cook. ' French «ec-
on.l girl, restaurant waitress. German cham-
bermnld and several others' await positions at
MISS CULLEN'S, 325 Sutter st.;.tel. Grant.120...
EbY,v.-ai?e : '. 15 ! to: .17:" steady. •: place;'. must - come
¦• well .reconimerided.' S.Cll.6EN'FELp'$i .Mf r-.
• VkeV .Bt:;'; opposite. Seventh. ¦• : .;". ; -.-' v : .'..; ;' : -..'-' -:'i ;
KliFIN.ED' gl j-1 'tor light .second' work itthd care
¦ -of .child :1 years old: " :Call- between- 10- and'.12
;¦ at ?2O3:;.Buchanari st;-. '¦;¦¦ . ¦;/' !; ¦•• ; - ¦..¦-¦¦¦'.'. 'W*
NEAT;- -young ViHri. for .'general 'h'QUs^wpfk.'and
'.. cc>oking.;.-,'Apiily' after' 10 at 2220. Weftster.st. -.-.
A"' SWEDISH second girl wishes a. position in
San Mateo; good ;ref. MISS '¦CULLEN,-.'.325
Suttt-r st. : • • ¦'• r •• .'. "•
EMPLOYMKNT r FEMALB;
CHINESE an<^ Japanese Employment Offlce-r
• jV.t )ir]r>. 4HK. O-Knrroll- rt. : tel. East 42«. '.
A" -YOUNG-. Protestdnt- klrt -for •.•general...hbuse-:
.' . WO r k ¦ a u4V c'ooHin g • :-wa ges ' ; J20;- : Appl y. at.- 1125
.'. 'O'-Far.reU-.ift: ' '¦':'¦ .:¦-• -V '. •••".- .>:-.*^ ; ' -.."-¦"; />.;: -j " ,-.'
JAPANESE and Chinese 'Employment .Office:
. best helpfurn.: tel, John 2121: 80CH -Stockton.
STALtSto. let or horses :bbarded:at "Wood and
; .'/C6al : :YardVvi71t- 'Sacramerito ; :9t.- ¦¦¦.¦V'.vy.- v-'-.. .- '"
¦¦¦¦:•.:-¦¦-"•••¦.¦¦•.:; houses- to • LET. ¦:¦¦ .-::¦..¦':••:. -- : .-
A—PRINTED I^IST Houses to Let; send for ctrV.
\;:c^lar.VO^-;H^vTJMBSEN&CQv;' 14 Montgomery.:
HOt'SE" 'with 5 room? and .stable;".. 60S ;IvT::aVe.,'.
.y:ne:ar Z- ';¦[¦¦ ¦' '-¦;¦: : V :.;'.. : .';>'';- : '- V\"..X'' •'¦'-'•--
HOUSE :«f .--¦¦?:^ rppms: and bath, in good border;
'//fine- iccatioh.- '. .1427- PoH^ ¦>*»':• : - ¦'•-•.•':¦-- : v • : '- •.-- ; ' : -'
.''¦¦:-'., v; ..;/;-V/':-.- : ';.i,:psT- :.Axn ".'¦Fouxp.-:'. ¦'¦:•'.; '-•.¦'-;•'•/ ; ' r
¦U'ANTEEb^CQriipeterit cobkv'-aUo -good" secphd
•'.•K'rl. for- c6uritry.;.Vsn^all- -family;; • gc^d-^ages.-'
•1326.. gutter. st^a-iSp^'ttf 15;, in..-..- ¦¦¦¦-. :'¦"''"'.<¦_ :':•;.-.-•-. ';',
ACTIVE." ;adV v sol'-citors. (tor-,- Spanish j.Revie'w'.;
'. KObd -lnduiemebcs -to. right .men'i.state experi-
-. encc'. : and ,isfi-rence8,':-: ; Upx-' 22.02;- Call.- '•"•.-. ...
A.- GOOD 1 :' shoemaker ' oh', new ¦ w i 6Tk and : repatr^
; -'.ing; O/a' shfjrt -.dlBtante; in-.': the :'.cqufttry.? good:
••.\wag<a::' ? fAyp'ly--.po.LLry-ER ? gi;.'2a'.Seic»nd f.y- .
WANT-Ep^Rtfiady- jn'an ;- light.;, genteel y work:;,
;-.-'.'n-ill-. : pay : ';$15 ¦'.to' ..$l'S.V:p.er. week;; . small /capital
~--tie4ulre{li.:\:'ip.l6'-°Ma-rk'et-..-.s(.;. room; ip.:",'. "--• ' : ¦
BARBEtts;-' : Progressive.. Un(on^-Fr>e "employ-,
;¦: . iheht;;ii.; .Bernard; Sec. ',-. 104i7 th r-tet^ iTe3sle 152':;
ORPHEUM Employment, Of flee—^Japanese/.'.Chh
• nese help. 4K PoweJS.nr.iSutter; tel. Black 5071
ALL, purchasers' of. pianos' at SHERMAN
; CtAT >; J6- CO,*S, have the ¦ prl-»UeRe.'.oif . ¦•*-:
• changing for. a ¦ STE INW A I aw t im» wl thi r»
•' three years and:fuil purchase price allowed;- ¦
.'the tf«st : makers of every grade to select from;,
beautiful new uprights $5 cash. $6 per month;
. .some good pianos for $3. $4 and $5 per month.
SHERMAN. CLAT & CO., STEINW'AY
¦ , DEALERS., corner Kearny and Sutter sts. .
•'. San- Francisco: .corner Broadway and Thtr- '
)¦ ' : teenthj.sts.....pakland.''.';V;:'.;;;-.: ¦. ':¦¦¦.. :\ : . : ; --' ; "
A NICE piano- for. begliisiers.^. ................ $73
¦ One 'a. little ;better. . . <. ; . ... '^ ..... ................ iti
= •'. -One-' -ntlli better .'. vi. i.,'.-..\.. -.....«».....— .V10O -
JTIne HaUet: & Davls:;,.:..;...^...... 135
¦Kingsbury;-siifhtly used 130
Easy payments: Chlcfcerin?.; Vose. Sterlinsr.
'• Curta2'. and other pianos: sheet music ami
.'"everything.: In- the music line. BENJ. CVIi-
-. TAZ A SON, IS O'Farrell »t. . : : ' . '
MUSICAL. I.\STKU.HE.\TS.
UNION Japanese-Chinese- e'mp! offlc*— >Best help
¦ f urn. : domestic serv.; 417 Powell : tel. Bush 376. :
:YOUN.G ; glrl-: f or light general. hous.ework ; f arh'r
¦ ily- at-'ti -no': washing; '.--.wag;es;.$i$r''teferen.c68:
/..call afternoon?. : a?R:. R. -E: AyiLLlAMs. ,T22
'. -Bay. stiyvhear :IIyde.- ; v- ¦- ':¦¦"''¦ .,:• -.\'i-i '¦'•^:'':' : ::P'' •'¦
JAPANESE' Ho-iisecleanlng Co.— Walters, cooks,
dlshwaoherit. Est. 1S30.- 1026 Oak; tel. Page.547.
HOUSES; LIVE STOCK; Eie— For Snl*
TO ¦ salaried' people without -cpltatpTal • or In-
dbrser. S-rK. .Discount. Agency.' 143 Pheiah" big.
40' HORSES'. for sale: -also' wagohs^' buggies,
.-".Carts'.V'harriesSv. Grand. Arcade. Horse.. Market,
. 327 Sixth sti; auttlon .«ales. every- Wednesday.
V STJLHVAN:& DOYLE.'. Auctioneers,, r^ • ':::.;.
%Q HEABtftf.- driving 1 ' and working:^ horses :-,at
- ' TOMKINSON'S ;. stables..' :: -57- Minna, ¦ St.. ;¦*•(-
: tween'. FJrst and '.Second. ;-.-..-¦.".: ".¦:•¦: ,-, v. '."¦;¦'
iN-furnlttfre, planos. : without' reraqval; no com^
mission : private.. LICK. 118 McAllister st -
CA5H loaned to salaried, people on note. w.ithd.iit
¦•', irtdorser. MORRELL, 609 Examl'nejr:J>u-lld!ng;'
CLASS IFI E D. -advert! senjertt s - and " sii b«criptlon-a:
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese ¦ employment
-office; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main SlSS.'
A— JAPANESE and Chinese 'emDloyment con-
tractor; e«ab. over 10 years; all kinds help:
421 Post St.. near Powell; telephone Bush 135.
EMPLOl'MKM' OKK1CES.
TO jialarlecl people without, security ;•• 'a 11-.- bnsT-
V .peys confidential. Tousley : C.o.v-321-.-Pa'rrptt big;...
.T.5iN-.'c.h8Lmbermaids' ahd waitresses;-- city ' and
. country. $20 .ahd.'$25';- -'6 'second girls, $25..and
;-.'.$20; : secpn.d.'glTl,. : -A!Tierican : family- of S, '$25..
:; good place; chambermaid/v.-no- waiting,-' \2it;
-"•• restaurant' .-waitress; of 7:- :per week;' iaundreas,
' •institution l '-''.$25:;. : .to i .'$30i'. -.laundress, -cbiihtry
. hotel, J25;' fare': paid;: chambermaid;' San.- Ra-
• fael, . S20-;- nurse .:girl;-.ic6untrj%-- $15,- fare ;'.herei-
V'.'nurse girisi'. cltjr. :.$lS'=.tQ;V$*)^ -:MISS CULLEX;.
•;• 3^3 Sutter- st.'^.^ :'..•-'- ..'.'¦-•-..';• '¦¦'.'¦> .¦¦¦': '-'•'.:' ','•'' -.
A BRANCH office, fpr Call adveTtlsenients and
;• subscrlMlpns ..has ¦ been ¦.established'., at 1098
...Valencia- st;-. :: ¦•-;..•-;¦.' ¦' :- : -l"---'".i" •¦-.;-:'y : '-'- . . ¦¦
A-wANTEi)-;. i ;>i:;^. 4^. > Vv«.v;.;Hv^;:A;-;
¦.-¦2 -miners, ..single- .hahd..;.$2-23, ;':a,.day; '....tool
.;.- sharpener 'far mine, $2,;avday.; : . 2 carpenters-..
¦ VflniBh^rs.. $S'5O. ;a--day;:; milk wagpn. driver, $35
'.- and .'¦found;. -man -to- run seed sower. $30.and
' ; .fQund;.BlauBhterer.;. sheep -and' hogSi • $35« : and-
'.-; found ;'.tanriep for Sori'oiri'a"coun.ty;-riillker.and
•> rhake'Tjutter.: $30; Gerrriari eodk. for. institution^
:.:. J4.0;': farrlier,:. Santa Clara;"- $25-;. -'3-- laborers fbr
.': mine, $1.75 a. day; .20' railroad tabbrers; $2: -day,-
.'•".free ifa're; ' teamsters,' near'.-ctty..'- $-6; laborers..
.'/• : nea.r : .city;-'$26;-groom on -colts,:'- $20; Assistant:
: -'waiter^ •:in8tltutloni$1.5;wpcdcn.6p-pers;every-
i/lHipg; furnished; ,W: '.D. • EWER , &. CQ., ; .Bj0
jv. ; Clay'.'s-t; ; -- : --.':..v.-. .;':.'•* :"!•'•;¦ •¦•v l ".'}!;'-'---';i^ :;''-.--:-l: ':*:""'
<)N • furniture and ' r.'.anos'; - . no - .removal ; • conflr
.dentlal; on diamonds, etci- 33 Taylor. st. • •
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writlni?,
etc., day or eve;.r $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
BARBER CvLLEGfE... 7«A;Moward;st;
MUNSON School Shorthand. Typing; ;Bookkeepi'
ing. Spanish. 137'Mont'y. E; -M. Carpent.er. pr.
MONEY loaned sataried.peopl'ewithput security.
-HlLUrm. 44; .Merchants' 'Ex.' 43i California.
Ar-FOREMAN: for. a-largiB-stock ririch;. cattle;
.. ' hoes- arid. - eh.e^p ;:- 'tn'ns.t be '.able ¦ to . buy,- sell
.; and- .feed to advantage. -Call'. 4' p.- ni:' MUR-
RAY & -READY; 6S-4-636 Clay, st; . .-./: .¦ ' ¦
LADOKEhs and i'drlHera iwanted .ki.- 827 Four-
feentlt' s.t:-i near" Guerrero.;' ':¦: ¦; : • :.'. •¦.-¦¦ . :...' ¦¦¦'. .'-.'
CALIFORNIA . Uusiness Collece lrVajputt en~
' larglhg quarters.- Come see us, 30S' Larkln st
MONEY to.lpan- en furniture- by. private" party ;
,' low rate. 91T Market'.st.L.rioin.i. .¦'..- '¦.. .- .
SAILOKS,V-ordihar>:- seamen- and: greerivhands;
Ai-SUP.ERlNTnNpENT. fpr. .a; large ; orchard
.-' and: vineyard ; '.must ' be '•',. a . thorough -hortlcul-.
'•: tUrlstV-and -.vltlcuitJiirlst..'- "Call
-.RAY.-& READY, -634-536 ..Clay >it.: > ' ¦:¦-¦'.:
AYRES- Business College- night school, opens
October . 1. 723 Market st. :'- -' -' : \' : ••.-¦•.. \ '.
MONEY to loan on furniture.-an.d pianos. w.lth-
: but- removal. St.-.'Ann's- building.. • Eddy- St..
1 ropm 12.. ;..''.-:- -¦:.¦.-.'•¦ '¦¦¦¦.. ¦";•"-• ¦ > '.-.'- ¦-¦'¦ :
FRENCH.Srainli-h.etc.ProfiDeFilippe'sAcademy
of LanKuases.32QPost;e5tab'd 1871;ableet profs.;
NVHY 1 . pay rent? %Ve- loan money to' build with;
. >mall monthly payments: .. HOME BUILD INQ
222 Sfinsfpme st.'/ rtjem- 2". ; . : -' " -" • ."
ENGINEKItlNa. civil, elec.'.- mining, mech. sur-
vey, ansay. cyanide, arch..: day. eve. •¦ eat. -1S64.
VAN DER NAILLEN SCHOOL. ?33 Market
AN Y amount, by private partyron. furniture and-
; pianos; ho-, removal;.' low :¦ rates; conffdentlal..
;-. BONELLi, 3C1 . Jones *»t,; 'corner- Eddy.t..' : > '- : ¦
ALL students but two takjr.K full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 123G Market st.. '. '• . :•. -.
A-^BUTCHER KOR .INSTITUTION v..-iV.>::,.. ;
•. Also.; .butchers^, for • different' . country j shops,
'•slaughtef houises; :etc -.'.: .vj". i .i-.-i i> ... *i ;- . J V, .-.-i .
:- 43 •= cooks. ¦ for '¦ the- . : miiies,;: bpt.els.- .restaurants.
¦¦'. .etc.'t also'-nlght.and ."¦.hort .order c'oolcs;-- : wases
--." $4e~ to 360 -and fQ'uhd.r.di'3hwashers and kitchen
¦-•' help i. vi-i'. ;',,. V:';r; :.::.:.:.- VI-;. .'..;: :^:v.^torekeepe1r,
¦¦.".¦\Val.ter8r-city- cchd 4 -coun'try.-;:: l.'.- : -..; .hahch. cook's
¦ -'^V-asherp .arid. laundry he\p.:;.,^-.\\ : . :¦.-;.:.'.'/.'••:
•;[ '..::.".MURRAA' .-Si READY;. 634-638 GlayAst. ' ,
C.;R. HANSEX& CO.. -.". .PHONE GRANT 185
v ,:.;';•• i'y'.-.i -HOTEL, DEPARTMENT. -. . : . V... ;.:...-.
"'-.Head .waitress, city;"J25 : ; head waltreRsi'-'insti-
• ¦-.tut'ibn, ' $25; .¦3'waitre'88esJ;clt : yi'-$20':'- 4.c'ham-.-
'. bermaids -.'to : wait, ' ;$:p: -2- chambermaids'; -$i5
.'and $17 50 ;;¦ Z "¦-; Waitresses'.-. .'OrovilleV: J20,> fai-a
•'-paid ; :2 wialtreisses -.'and chambermaid, to "wait.
: Merced; .$;o : eaeh. 'Vtarev'ijitd ; -eharnberm'aid 1 to
.'.wait.' ¦•Madera,':jfp,'.fare:.':pal.d;:.v?^waltresse's r
¦• ; Pa.cifio' Groye : ,'-.$2'0',.";'9feaay work) -free ; .f are;'?
, .cooks/'.-city.- and"c6untry:'-$3» and -$35'.'. '.'! .'.•'~ : - /-.
. :..>..>..:.¦... -FAMILY. DEPARTMENT- ¦'. ..;,;./,. .'.".•
'¦'First-class, private, family cook.' for- first-class
-' private family, $30;- also French second girl,
- * $25; " German- nUrsegirl -arid 'German/second
vgirl,' ?20" and .$23; cook ;: second and youpg girl
•'. to. asslstv $60; colored houselceeper, $15; .second
.'• girl. Grass- Valley; :$I0.-' Tare paid ; mother and
:. daughter;- ahd. '.too/ many orders for house-
'. feirls,- second glrls^niirseglrls, city, and coun-
•• try, to enumerate;.- C It.. HANSEN & -eO.,
¦ . 1104 : .Geary- : ; :'•;¦ :".'•¦' '^-"- • .;,"..¦¦•; ¦':¦'¦ ;'¦:..'¦¦
AT 126. Kearny st.. room 9. respectable, 'private
place- to borro^v on watches, diamonds :• lowest
•; rates; take elevator. Telephone Davjs 995.- • '•
MISS M. G. BARRETT, Shorthand Academy-..
lesFons by mail; acknowledged byofflclal re-
porters be»t teacher, b«?st. System. 302..ilohtgy.-
ON furniture and pianos without removal ;'qulck
- service; money direct: lowest Interest, ¦ Rooms
' <8 and 69, Donohoe building, 1170 Market st.
CALIFORNIA Medical College— Regular, term,
opens Monday. Oct. 1. For. information ad-
dress the dean. Dr. D. Maclean, Donohoe >dg.
TV. E: CODY (late with J; T. Terry & Co.), buys
furniture.-. carpets'.. ,757 Mfssiori:;. tel. Red 3353.'
MOST reliable placa to borrow on. diamonds.
:'. watches. Jewelry. W^J. HESTHAL. 10 Slxthr;
highest price for old gold, silver., diamonds.'.
ALFRED WOLLPER-TV'- 773 ' Missloh'. -St.; ¦' pays.
.; highest' price for ybur. second-hand furnfture:
BOOKKEEPING, free trial; private lessons?. 8
..raos. In eolle-e not equal to 8 wks. with rrie;
'.'$25. TARlt, : expert accnt., 220 Parrott. bldg.
Auctidneer^U Vincent.- i30& ; LahKin;.tel. : Polk .634:
¦-•.furniture &'.'.furri'd .houses bought;, spot -cash.'
iA^JSOO.OOO ON. city an<t country real estate anr'l
'-.estates;' chattel mortRages: • notes 1 . and col-
lateral?. J.. BROWN STONE, HMontBomeryv
ALWAYS' 'phone John-lMl- before-selling:. your
' .furniture.- Standard, Rurh:'-Cai^ 745 -AHasIciri. . .
SPANISH professors, recently arrived :frbm
• South -America. . give lessons and receive all
¦' work concerning translation, correspondence,
etc., at moderate terms. 303 Minna st; r .. :
CHAS. LEVY buys ' your •. furniture'^ carpets,
• plarios.. etc.' . 1135. Market' s't. : ;-tel.'... Jesple .76L-; :
FUKSITUKE WASTED.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
EChOOl for the university, law and medical
colleges; references, President Jordan. or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building." • ;•..-.-
A^<aASR'P.EN^rER;Svi-.'.ii;i;i..:'tRQN^O^.BRai
¦7 carpenters',': different. ranches : and vlneyarqa;
••¦¦.brfdee ..'arid- railroad:, carpenters, -.free;:, fare;.
: . -.steel Abridge : nien,- $i.'5O' .Gay. :izi>e: fare; 1M .- la-.
• - ' borers ' and . teamrsters;. . ;' all. 'parts" of : .country
•: and city: "..V.":r. :".:-:".iv... .1,;'..'-!$1 75 "to .$3.-25'- day
¦;,Lahprcrs-"for" the-rnines'.'.v..'.-.:-.$3t ,and\fbund
• ;2b "scraper. feiamstersU-.;:.:..^..-.?^.. and .founa
.Stabl:em'en : -'. 1 . j;. Buggy, -washers.-.-:-: .'•..: Hostlers
•';¦ Drillers. iJiv-,";."' Erick-.isetters'' ;-.. : ..'. "Wheelers
. i La borers, ' city -i ac tories ...:-. ; . , i>. . i- . $!' 75-. d.ay
¦_<¦ Vegetable, gardener •". ':'.-. i-.. .'.- : : : «.s-S • ;
; /BOatme.h •¦.":'.¦.¦.; peckharidsi';'..., '.••Beef .luggers
; 6RAPE PICKERS-FARMS : AND" .DAIKIES
'M00' '.men" jind : boys to '.pick'- fruit and grapes,-'
¦•.-w'ork'.'in packing .h6uses'v,'.v.-..-...$30.-an.d found
: M0 ranch' teamsters-:. -..'.. :$26, to $3'i-^l)aridfpurid
•" -Milkers,-. : butter makers.- ete.w^v. :'. .-.>,-.>;:.-..¦.
¦- :'.• .•.-;••.¦¦.¦.•..-..•;..;¦:•..•.:.¦:.'.•...„¦.. $3a'and. : »3o,'and .found
Farm ¦' and orchard, h^nda; • . : . : Chbreboysv ¦. etc
. Stenographer . and Hype-writer,.-.'. ..-:¦». . ..'. ..,.....-
'.: " .i.. .tMURUAY &¦ READY. ;634-:C36 Clay St.-/
NIGHT School for Men at the Y. M. C. A.
• building. Mason and Ellis ets.; registration.
'¦'Sept. 10-24;. studies elementary and advanced;
great opportunity, for young men to g^Un a
practical business education. ¦'¦'¦'¦ .'¦ . \
',: •. ': ¦•FL'RXJTUH'E . FOR : SALIC ; .;. ; .:/
4 ROOMS furnished ;in -oak fbr J4S.50, with.:Np.;.7
. range.- '.Kins Furniture Co.. 1127rll31 :Market..
: flat- pro- : lkt — t'Vff •>' • s » tipi ': ¦;
OOLpE^T^A^TE'laVeT/TiOOO, .'-corner. LaguriaV-:
. : -.Corhfprtable- and -very complete furnished- flat'
'¦ of 6 rooms, and-, bath; ;¦ •plenty-closets;, -.nice
a-'mqdel-:home; side -bay wiri.-
' -dowa;.' Jeffersori' Park;- -;'fropt.tng-.; oh. •'... Golden.
¦ Gate. ave. ; excellent • neighborhood ;'¦ 6, months.
or longer to goba ' tenant; -price. $5 O.-.per month.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post sty
..S. F,— BoriJdceeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages; telegraphy, English branches, civil,
electrical and mining" engineering, etc.: day
.. and night sessions; new 83-page catalogue free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott Bldg.-
VShorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
. -. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
•' shorthand: reportorlal phrasing taught: pra.e-
: -• tlcal bookkeeping: full course. $50: catalogue.
HIGHLY respectable private place to. obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low^
est -rates.- Baldwin Jewelry Store. 848 Marks:
it: 1*1 Main 1644. Branch 13 Third »t. \.v/'
ANY •pfcTOsttipn;': any amount- 6 per cent; first.-
-¦second: mortgages, estates in probate,' j-n-teresr
;¦ In' estates,, legacies, corporation loans;.. chattel
:¦. mortgages,. life Insurance. Koom 16» first. floor.
.-.Chronicle; buildins.;. . HALLO RAN & OLSEM.
ANT amount- at t per cent .; 1st. M ; and 3d mor>.«
gagea. -undivided interest, real- estate- In- pro-
: . b«te;- mortgages an.-i legacies bouKhtino do-
:-layV'g.etmy terms before doing business' els«>T
' ¦: where. " R.- -McCOLG AN> 2 1. Montgomery.- r.- %
A A— BEST rates and easiest term>.- -. ,.-'• . .\ '¦;.
' V.. : . .'•.;...•..«¦*. -Second. .'Mortgages. .....^M. .......
' ";. «'.' -. : i . ..-.-..- '¦ Interests In Kstatea v.': .- .- V;'.' .-.-.v.'.i :
:: .'.'.;.^Undivided Interests . In- Rea-V Estate. » : .. ..
-¦ '¦ Financial problems of all aiprts and-' aix*a
fsolved by. HERMAN MURPHY, 630 Market.
31 0 > E V TO fcOAJf.
MEN ! wanted., for -the'.' 'United ".States -Navy—
..Machinists, first class.'- ago- tv to 3S..' pay P«r.
¦ month '-'$u: machlrilsts/.isecbnd class. .-ac«'21.
•."to.aSi-pay per/month f40;.>lectrtc!ahs,; third
..classr' age 21 to. 35. pay' per ip6r l th'|30:shlpr
' wriirnts . (carpenters). ¦ ase .21.. to So; pay' per.
¦¦ month. $25.; 's.eamen; *«» 21 to-'35..-pay "per
..--: month, ' $24 ;¦ prdiriary seamen.' age 14 : t6- 30'.-
pay per month-$t9: landsmen;^ age. 18. to ,23.
•pay per .month '}16;-''apprentfces\ third class;-
' age 15 to.n.vpaypfr. irnonth $J,. : All candl-.
.-'Sates for.'enlis'tinent must-pass ; a'-physlcVl ex--
'-. amlnatlon" showing; -them to-be- free- froni; dls-'
\; aualifyinc '.allmenti: : -.Machinists.. 'must- pa»»
:;.an -examination '. showing -thein '.to .ba^ma-
" chlnlstar by -trade' .Electricians .must: pass »
•' practical eiamiriatioh. ¦.ln : >iectriElfy. ' espro-
vlally on the handllrs. of electrical -machines..
--. Shipwrights T must ¦ ' he. 'carpehters • by -traa?..
.;• Seamen and ' ordinary'- seamen-must, pass an
• examination In seamanship;- '¦ Landsmen an<i
. apprentices wiil.be. required -to : pass... the
.. physical examination: only." .The .term of en-
: Ustmen't- is -for four years. .Should ; a. man
V.r^-eridlst within 'a period-of four months, from
-.-.. the date of honorable' dlscharso-.he. will, re-
. . cetve ..a.- bonus of " four" months", pay -and -an
- additrpri tdhis mbrtthly.:pay 6f Jl !? for- W«J
• .re-ehlistment.- Rations, medicines and medical
attendance- are furrilKhed gratis In addition to
. nay." . . Prlyilege • of . retlrernent- after thirty
: rears'.' service pri three-quarters of the. pay;
: received- at" Sate -of. '.retirement*' -It Is' .thede-
slre. bflthe . Navy Department to ".obtain .»
" laree-. number' : of able- bodied,: Americans, .for
-..the ; navy, ' whttwlil- be 'given "eyery.. opppr-
.tunlty for advancement as* soon. -'a*-. Ipey -are.
:. '-qualified:, for- .the .hlfrhe'riratlrigs; .;Tbe- early.
. .completion <jf a- number of : fine, ships- for the
' . navy';wiU- make altars* ' irierease'.ln . the-, en-
listed: farce necessary, and. this will., cause, a
corresponding" large -Increase Uriv the numbfr
-.¦'of petty officers, yft\l -.he ¦advanced .: from.
•¦'.the' lower, ratings. .: Recruits who;- may b<B.ac-
'-.; cented *wlil. be assigned .-to i'-tt' S^- war yes r .
¦ ; sei; • » nprehticefi. to .the nayar training . stn-
.. tloip San Francisco, Cal^ .Appl|catK)n3 should
'.be. made at the U.' S.-Nayal- Recruiting Rerf-
: ;.4ezybus. '¦ corner "of -'Market -• and- .East- streets.
$J0-HANDSOME. -flat v'~. choice neighborhood;
.-'beautiful-view'; warm' belt.. Ill -.Liberty, st- .,
•A'.TiVnSEK-S news'-foi-: 5.cents^The" Weekly Cali,
¦ .16 pagresj. In wrapper. foriTnalVing.. $1 per year.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market st: day
and. evening; individual instruction, $S per
month; life scholarship, $50; bookkeeping.
" shorthand, telegraphy, etc. : just" added 25 new
' .typewriters; commercial department enlarged
and is' the best in S. F. ; catalogue free..'.
A WAITER, .$40;- iiantrj'mari- and-, assist- watt-;
.- lhg t }49,..for hotel in Nevada, 'fares advanced.
.:. C. R. HANSEN & CO... 1Q4 Geary »t -.'?
EDUCATIONAL.
$15— 8 -ROOMS and- bath; newly .papered:".; 22.' De
- Booni st,' "off Secohd,' .near Brannan.. ;, ."¦¦.. : .-..-/;
LADIES'- aria Kents'-'cast-off' clothing borsht. &
.^B^ i ld.;-Sliyerimg.>03..t-.roisbm;Vtet.;Fcq3oiii".mi <
KLEIN still pays bestipFite- for clothihjr/ brie-,
a-brac and books. 100 Sixth st :• tel.. Jessie V»-
IF you wi^hfull vilae: : f6r your/cast-ofJclotnins
. call «sn B-- COHEN".. 1ST. Third;. *el.; Black 1123.;
A "CAMP: blacksmith, $45 -arid, boara:;. camp
•waiter, $25 arid board; for'- -railroad- work; free-
. • fare.:... C; R.- " HANSEN ..'&. '--CO-C" 104 Geary St..
UNION; ¦-iidsi'nr.i'..' Hyde^-r- rooms;.. .-2 -¦.baths,
- kitchen;- 5 closeta. :yaTd^ $22 BO; flaJt.-.4-rm3..';.$3..
8. F. Dressmaking, Ladles' Tafibrins and Mllr
. . linery School: French system; 411 Van Ness.-
McDowell Dressmaking and Millinery School
-private class; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
MADISON- &. BURKE
SUNN Y. desirable flats: Oak . arid • Lagiina st».:;
.7, -.8 -.and : 9. rooms; -rent ; /-reasonable/ .Apply.
413 " STEVENSON. .¦inear/F.lfth^Uppe'r ••.flat. .5
¦ rooms; rent $13-; .water '..free:-. -. '; *-'•'.'.".• ."'.-. "¦ '¦ ' '¦
UllKSSMAKEHS AXD SKAllSTKKSSES
ACCORDION pleating: factory; all kinds, pi eat-
•-. ing, pinktnjr. 121 Post, ..over O Gonnor&Moffatt
PLEASANT ¦UEhy I flat,:.5 large, rooms, \W3 Lily.
;.: ave.', near-' Octavia- : Bt';- ;.•;•". ;:•• v':. ¦;: •; . , .-.">• ¦
IF you. want "to ni.qve Ret printed list flats tbr.l'et'
frbnj'BALDWlN-'&.HOWEmiOMontgomery.
FLATS, 6 and 6' : rooms; fine view; juh'ny.jjarge
yard. . 7C7 '" Stockton ;st. ' -"' ... ; ,'¦¦¦¦/ ' '• . ¦.*'.;;¦¦'.
100 FLATS, : -cottij^e9~ and houses to ' rent •'-;"-""-.•
1198.E1118: n.f.. 9 r.. $65 1 917 Vallcjo; f., : 4r.'..J10
219^ Polk; f.-, 7 r.... 27|€21 Jersey; c. B r;..: W
725 Hycfe; f.. 6.r.. 22 50! 1424 Howard; f.;' 4 ri.10
215>A:Elm ave. ;f,,. 5:r 13. S04. Buchanan ;¦ f .-. : .4 r 8
Flats wanted to rent. A. M... SPECK.'*; CO.,
667;Market St.- •:.- "... . • ¦...¦• -• ' •' . .' :'¦'¦''¦ ¦
FLATS TO . LET.
JIISCKLLAXKOUS . \VA.\T.S.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
A— 10O HORSEPOWER eni?lne. boiler. 2-drlll
air compressor.-, JARDINErf. 220 Fremont st.
PAIR "of fine Newfoundland pups; also Spitz.
. 651 Sacramento- st. near Kearny:.
BT. BERNARD dog; ' for vale. ' Inquire at 1SU
. - Filbert st. . = • -• . ¦ •- .• .
SPLENDID" 10x13 press and a 2j-lnch paper-
. cutter. ."Address box 3*6'. * Call 'office.
SAFES— New arifl second' hand.' THE HER-.
-MAKN SAFE CO.. '417-423* Sacramento "st,
• PORTABLE' engines'.'- -hollers;;- . Iron and . wood
planers. Jathes ;: 2d" hand. ,-• J.- Burke. 133 .Bcale.
MAGI'C lanterns; 'new' and-td* hand:' moTin*'
- plcmres. BULL.\RP'ABRECK. 131 .Post St.
WIL,I» fsiit -fttri dress Tuxedo • or: Prince" Albert
:. ..suits- for: $;.50 t P.drtrand, Loan Office.- 23 Stktn.
10-TON' Faifrbariks'scale" and fire- and ' burglar-'
.- -proof .Safe,: -,216. eallforrija. st.-.-, •". -•"."¦•... " •.
'¦ID-HAND.- -phptB^r'aphlc. and-'niaKlc lantern out- .
-.-fits' bought; .gold; exchangedv ¦• lua Mo.rttgpmeryi
¦ FIRS't-CLASS.second-hahd modern engines blAiX.
- bpi.rera bous&t and g qld.'.K.R0GH..Hf«f. i .C6.;- •"
. SAFES— New and satetfij haridr all-. sizea... THHI
WALTZ SAF'E. -1.09- 111: Market' jj....Snfi. Frain.
HELP WAITED— -MAXB^_^^^
ATC. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.- 104 Ge^'l-
Free fare. R. R. work. . Fr* e '"!?•
100 teamsters and laborers: State of ««-,
• Vada; $2 a day..... 'iln"i # «t
100 laborers for. S. P. Co.'s own camps «
Surf.. Santa Barbara. Co.: regular wages. ....
10O laborers for S. P. Co. on different divis-
ions ; regular wages .¦...-.,,:.......:• • • - - - •fijOKJI
. 50 laborers on rock crushers and. ballasting-,
rang for S. P. Co. at.Truckee; regular »*»£?•
Fee $1. : ... ; .Ship daily,. : • Pree fare.
. V 30 laborers to. build a bigr dam; $2 60 a. day:
.Ions- Job; hair fare advanced:, see, party here
¦ this, morning-:. ;..;.."..^..•.. ..•'.?••••• •.••/•.•.••.•'•""
... 3- carpenters' to build flumes. .$3a dayv-.fr**!-
. fare both ways: 3 carpenters. . R. R. w ° r f;
$3 a day. free fare;' 4- bridge, riveters/ free
3 fare;' 2 steel bridge men.. $350 a. day: farm-.
ers,' milkers, stablemen, choremen. and others r
.' . .:: ;....:. . . HOTEL .'DEPARTMENT;. ...:.", : • -y-r .
•.Chef. J27a- Week;.- second- cook^JlSa.^.weeK.
.night cook. $iq a week.- for. flrst.-class resta-u-
• "Iranf; restaurant chef, country^ $22.50 a.weeK,
-.. head- and . secsond cooks,-, -country-thotel. . $<if-
¦•' ..and- ¦$50;>.third."c6ok,-,:.$«0: : " third ; cook., mine
-' boarding hotis.e, J3o; 10 dishwashers- and. kltchr •
¦•,-eh"-handS; : 130' and J25..' ; ''-r,:-- ¦ '¦¦.."¦ -•
• :¦ Hea.d waiter tor. grill "and, cafe;".$ia;. : heaq
. waiter, --.hotpr, south. $75; 6 waiters,, countryi
. $30 and:?25.' .' • ¦. -.. : ' -' ¦•-'•-: *¦• • ¦ ' ¦¦¦:. ¦' "' ' '- '
.-..,:" Experienced -man., to bottled mineral- water
,-&t .spring-,: $40 -ahd. found.: ,-. ¦ ;. v ..:.•.¦•--.' ".-
•-V'- ¦..•¦'•C.-.R....HANSEN &'..CO..> 104. : .Geary,gt:. .
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
BYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
Justed. . N. Manasse, oculist optician, 910 Mkt.
IF you have stocks or bonds of any kind for
Bale, call or address PACIFIC COAST UN-
DERWRITING CO.. 504 Parrott building.
A BRANCH office for Cair advertisements and
.'• subscriptions has been, established. at. 1096 -Va-
- Iencla St.-" - -¦"..' "•-.¦.- - : '
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received, at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st
WANTED— Women and g-irls to work on fruit
1721 Folsom St.. between 13th and 14th.
' HELP : WANTED-FEMALEL
WANTED— A woman of tact to travel for busi-
ness house; only those willing to engage for
one year need apply." Box 3775, Call ofnce. «•OCTOBER. 13C0.
CALL CALENDAR.
8. I M. I T. W. T. F. S. Moon'g Phaaeg.
— — ~ ~T T* ~~Z T m First Quarter,
_J__L_lL_^ i-_L -* October 1.
7 8 9 10 11 12 13 /=V u11 Moon .
; ; W ' October 8.
Ji JLJLJL.il 2LJ!_ ff LMt. Quarter.
21 22 23 24 25 26 27. October 15.
~ZT ~TT ~ZT ~Z. " ,. ~~ A New Moon.
28 29 30 n --¦ _^_ ___ W October 23.
. . <»Flnt Quarter,
¦ --'¦ J October »1. ¦
ARRIVED.
LATE SHIPPING UTTEIXiaENCE.
Sunday,- September 30. ,
Br atmr Coptic, Hinder. 23 days > from Honp
kor.K. via Yokohama 17 days and "via Honolulu
7" days. :,: *¦ ¦'¦-.: • - ¦..-:... ::. .
i Btmr National City, Dettmers, 80 hours from
Creecent City. , * . . .
Stmr Brunswick, Andresen, 45 hours from San
Diego. ¦ ¦ > -.„¦. -¦ -.--.-• ¦-. .. .-..; - :.:•
• Bktn Gardiner City, .Waltour, SH day» from
Coot Bax, . ..... , ¦
FORECAST.
Th» pressure haa fallen over the Pacific
slope and risen over the Upp-r Missouri Val
ley. The pressure ls relatively high over
Washington and Montana and lowest over the
plateau region. ...
The temperature has risen ln Utah and
Southwestern Arizona and fallen elsewhere
west of ¦ the ' Rocky Mountains. It is about
normal In California. ;.
The weather. ls cloudy over the northern por
tion of the Pacific slope and generally clear
over the southern. Light rain has fallen ln
Northern Arizona and over portions of Wash-
Conditions are somewhat unsettled ln Cali
fornia and showers are probable on the north
west coast and generally partly, cloudy weather
over the remainder of the State Monday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, October 1. 1900:
Northern California— Partly cloudy Monday,
probably with showers on the northwest coast;
cooler ln the Interior: fresh west wind.
Southern California— Fair Monday; light we»t
Nevada— Partly cloudy; cooler Monday.
Utah— Cloudy, probably with showers Mon
day; cooler. •
Arizona— Cloudy, with showers ln the moun
tains Monday. '¦:>¦-.
San Francisco and vicinity — Generally cloudy
or foggy Monday; fresh west wind. v
O. H. WILLSON,
Local Forecast Official.
Eureka 58 Los Angeles $;
Mount Tamalpals .. 73 Hacramento 86
Independence 76 San Luis Oblspo T6
Red Bluff 82 San Diegro ..; 78
Fresno Sb
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
M; minimum. 47; mean. M.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
The following maximum temperatures arc
reported from stations In California to-day:
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Sept. 30, 1900-5 p. m.
Weather Report
GRAND HOTEL.
J H Hosklns, Stkn
B B Lewis, Alleghany
J F Brown, Eacto
S Richardson. Tulare
G \V Zartman, Tulare
D B Wilder. S Cruz
L Anderson, L Ang ;
A M Phalln. Martinez
A Chlsholm. Nlles
T H d'Estrella. Berkly
F Wood, Berkeley
J M Charlton. Oak
W W Toles. Vallejo
S Dannenbaum, Vail
A Warner. Cal
W J Morey. Cal
G Laplerre. Salinas
M L McCollourh, Mcx
W Priest. Seattle
J Nutt & w. N Y
T A McElmell, Phlla
W B Ellis & w. Oak
B B Cory. Fresno
S Guthrle & w, Camb
H K Powers, Crockett
F A Hodopp. Martinez
C S Fish. Martinez
W D Madlgan. Cal
W S Tinning. Martinez
Mrs C Huber. Mill V
Jos Huber. Mill Valley
W C Hill. Salinas
W Woodson & w, Cal
T J Cressy, L Ang
J Smith & w, S Loren
G S Haymon & w, P V
PALACE HOTEL.
E K Jones & w, Cal
R E Hyde. Vlsalia
T A Walsh. N Y
D M Cummane & w.Or
W Dean, Stanford
C Johnson & w, N Or
J F Davis, Jackson
B Steinman. Sacto
C A Harrison, 8n Jose
C W Vlckery, Sacto
8 H Adams, Stanford
H D Martin. Stanford
E R Hoffelflnger, Pa
G F Schwarz. D C
C W Frankel. N T
A Van Brant, N Y
L Long, Chicago
F W Flint & w. Ls An
M S Gunn & w. Mont
J Bean. Stillwater
Miss E Bean, Sttllwatr
G J Relmer. Spokane
P Kropp, Lelpslg
J B Sloat. Chicago .
A Riordan & w, Mo
G B Cramer, N Y
A B Hammond. Portld
W D Johnson, Portlnd
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
C Knees & w; Canada
W-G Daunt, Tulare
C F McCoy. S Dak
W V Rlppert. Florida
W Chinn. Vallejo
Miss C McKay. Cal
J E Hall. Fresno
II B Smiley, San Jose
D Fisher & w, Cal 1
H Wulft & w. Cal 1
L D Ratto, Alaska
J Mulroy. Ingleslde
A C Carper, Dawson
G Knees, Stockton
N A Bowden, Stockton
P L Hawling. Stocktn
K Comlen. Sacto
C B Otis, Kansas
F J O'Brien, Texas
HOTEL ARB.IVAXS.
SW : 15S:3«4., W: 135:9. N 4C0; also lot on NW.
corner of Solanb and Wisconsin streets.; N 19:8,
NW .153:3.' SW Sl:6, E 1S6:OV4; also lot on SE
corner of 'Solano and Wisconsin street?, S 70:6,
NE -7'tl^iV V.' 31:4; ftlso undivided Vi of lot on
NE corner of. Sixteenth and Potrero ftreet«. E
lOo by N 75; .also undivided hi Potrero . Neuvo
block 42; also undivided 1-3 of the following:
lot on NW ¦ corner of El Dorado and York
streets. -N .202:10. X W 158, SW 1S4:7, NW 13,
& 57.10."' E £00; .also lot on NE corner of Ei
Dorado and; York streets. N 150 by E 200; also
lot on NE corner of Alameda and Hampshire
streets.- E 200 by N 4S: also undivided H of lot
on W line, of Florida street, 116 S of Fif
teenth, B £8:6 by \V 100; also undivided 4 of lot
on E line of Alabama street. 95 N of Sixteenth.
N SS;6 by E 100; also undivided 31-200 of lot on
NW corner of Sixteenth and Bryant streets. N
174:3, .NW 203, S 231:3, E 200; all property In
San Francisco County and property outside of
county 'recorded September 2$. 19?0; Kift.
Wliiiam G. Tischbe!n to Bertha Tlschbeln.
let on E line of Twelfth avenue. 125 N of I
street, N 25 by E 120; Rift.
Franklin J. Hicks to Rose Hicks, lot on E
line, of Forty-fifth avenue, 125 N of V street,
N 23 by E 120; $10.
J.. G. and B. Klumpke to Provident Mutual
Loan Association/ lot 32. Ijlock X, Park Lane
Tract, map *; $5. ¦
Olive Verkouteren to Anna Newfleld, L>t on
S line of Bosworth street. 2.*« W of Marslly, W
25 by S 1C0. lot 2. block 10, De Doom Tract; $10.
Edgar. Henry L., Joseph L.. Samuel L.. Pau
line Theresa P. and Melville Dinkelsplel and
Frieda Silver-man to Dlnkelsplel Estate Com
pany (corporation), estate of Lazarus Dlnkel
splel. deceased. No. 21.S29; $1.
Emily J. Wilson to John Scott Wilson et al..
32: desrlptlons: g-ift. . *
Alameda County.
Annie E. Bushnell to Augustin S. Macdonald.
lot on SW line of Moss avenue, 323.J6 NW
of WaUworth avenue. SW 114.67. SE 33. NE
119. NW 33 to beginning, block L, Linda Vista
Terrace. Oakland; $10.
John Schuler to Teresa Meydenbauer, lot on
N line of Sixteenth street. 36:S*i E of Center.
E 30 by N 104:9, block 6O3B. Bagge Tract. Oak
land: gift.
Charles Mordhorst, Grayson. Owen & Co.
(consisting of O. W. Grayson, W. J. Owen,
I, W. and J. W. Phillips) (by J. B. Lanktree.
commissioner) to Mary C. Williams, lot on S
Una of West Fourteenth street. 100 W of Cen
ter. W 25 by S 105, being lot 23. block 580A.
map of Peralta. and Center street lands, Oak
land: $S0O.
Oakland Bank of Savings to Ira N. Tucker,
lot on S line of Buena Vista avenue, 150 E of
Oak street. E SO by S 14», block 4*. lands ad
jacent to Enclnal, Alamr-da: US).
Haro and El Dorado btreets. N 4C0, W . 200,
JS- 200. E lOOj S 2W. E ICO; also undivided l*
of Pctrero.: >Teuv«-> block 170: also ¦ undivided
9-SO of lot en :-N'\y corner of Kansas and El
Dorado " streets; ;N4'Ki, \V l"0, fc'E 435:5. E 1»;
also undivided:. 9-S0 of let on NW corner of
ICunsas and Ala'rnetla streets, N 2J0, \V 100.
N 110. :\V 1<V). S 4C0. E:£CO> also undivided - 1-10
of ¦ the'-.-ffiloTi-lfs;- let on N'\V comer of. Khode
Island, and. Sclano . Ktreets, ¦ \V 12:4, NW 206:3.
NE 342:E, E 2 ; S. 400; also lot on SE corner
of tthode Island and Marippsa streets, S 2S0.7,
N& 3W:0VI: :W r'2:l; also lot on X\V corner of
De' Haro and Marlposa :streets, \V 200, -X 60.
NE 371:6%. S 373:1; also lot on SE ¦ corner of
IJt;-.iip.r6 and Santa Clara " streets, E 200. S
31:1. S\V?6O:SVi. N 331::;... also lot on NW
coriicr of Santa Clara, ancl Carolina street?,
W •"2.(0, '¦•¦>: 33:1^ NE 379:7>,i. ¦ S 357:9; also un
divl.ied ¦ \i Of .the follmvlnjr: lot on SW. "¦corner
of- Bvrtte -and : Carolina streets, S ;s; NAV
.43:1%, E 40:4^4; also let on SE corner of Butte
Bhd; Cr.rollna streets. S S3:2, : KB 59:6. NE
¦>»;1, W: ](3:2; also lot on. BE corner pf Sp
.lano and Carolina streets.. E -200, S 255:4,
Emily J. "Wilson (widow) to John Scott "Wil
son, Russell J., Frank P. and Mountford S.
Wilson, lot on SE line of Market street. 176:6
NE of Sixth, KE 49:3 by 6E 170; also lot on
S line of Sacramento street, 103 E Of Montgom
ery. E 34:6. by S 137:6; also lot on SW corner
of Pin* and Stockton streets. \V 160. V>y S 137:6;
also lot on W lln« or Monroe street. »l:6 N of
Bufch, X 46 by AV 80; also lot on NW line of
Market Etrfet. l69:S>i S W of Battery, SW
66:4%, N 76:10, W -4:2^.. N 20. E 13:4^4. N 20. E
8S:9. S 77:1V/; aiFo lot on \V line of Battery
street. 20 N of Bush. N E0:8 by W 77:6; also
undivided 13^43 of. lot 611 r< line of Pine street,
137:6 E Of Stockton. E 137:6. -K 80. E 2<J, N £7:6.
W 20. N 17 :G. U r 68'.?, N 28:1. V,' 6S:S. S 1S3:4;
also 'undivided 1-16 lot on Nw corner of Rhodr
Island and Sixteenth (Center} streets. N 3u0.
W 25. N ICO. AV 17a. « 11S:3. SE ffl:2^.SE «3:S"i,
SW 224:3, E 154i6> also undivided '.7-40' of" lot- on
NW corner" of Sixteenth and DeHiro streets,
N 2C0, W JN, N 200. -W .100, S 400, -E 200;
also undlvldV;! 7-40 of lot en NW. corner of De
REAL : ESTATE/ TRANSACTIONS.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 1, 1900.
9
Fare, San FraaeJsco to Summit ar.d Return,
1140. '¦:¦¦
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPE^.
Ticket Office*.' Cl Market *t.. Sauaatlto Ferry.-
Leaves San Francisco, via Sausallto Ferry:" •
"WEEK DAYS— «:15 a.m.; 1:4S and 4:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS ...S:0O. U:0O. 11.-2O and 1.1S d. m.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
/neAVOY-VA CO..
FUNERAL DIRECTOR8 ft EMBALMKRS.
1239 Market st.. between Sth and »th.
f : - Telephono South 247.
PEHSOXALS.
'nvV'TSOX RIVER CO^
HOPKE BROS.
v .. t -«..«es cr.d T'.'-low* tnade to order. r»cov-
*r*6 aid renovatwt: hon«t work guaranteed:
~&f*Y como«>tlt:oc:ftne upholstery: phone
fiST^Sof* CiS *r.<i S20 Eleventh et.: flrst-
cian Vlear.ift* er.d dyeing. 1» OTaxrell ft.
near Powell. Pan Francisco.
Fl!X*TRIC light* !n every room — Winchester.
Hotel 44 Third St.. rrar Market: 700 rooms;
Sc t-» Si OT per nicht: Jl 60 to 16 per w«ek;
tree 'bus end b».g»--age to and from the ferry.
l"rPEi{I"K"S Quintcnlra Hair Tonic ls very
beneficial to the hair: try It: S5c bottle.
l^fLES— 300 permanent cures in San Franttsco.
»h-> can Vw teen: no operation: no pain; par-
ticular* sent. Ad. Physician, box U50, CalL
hi p go'.d. Silver, diamonds and precious stones :
bo-^M. J. n. JENKEL. SIT Market st.
LEPEKI'P.'P' Tmit.o Shamjoo di-antM the;
srtlt. p.Tfectl>- : nothing like It: Be package. |
V.MK ADA. the wonderful r'fted healer, re- j
ft v*i to 11M Market ft., offices 3 and 4.
UAIR «i«:'-k:v rurl^ or waved by using Tal-
, •.•'!= .-url'r.g ffuid:-SS<* a bottle: druggiMs.
¦\[ ante:.*- Oid-fashloned silver, brass, copper
»are: enriOK, all descriptions. C25 Dupont «L
ALFttEOtnOS Egyptian Henna restores gray
CAST-CFF r'.oth'.nc. old gold and ¦ttver bought;
w-nd »!«! h% Kearny nt.
1'iIVS-ItIA.XS AND SCKGEOXS.
fiji. C. C TDONXELL-Offlct and residence.
¦s. :c?:u Vsrkrt Ft., between Pfxth and Seventh.
HEAL ESTATE CITY — FOR SALE.
S'Vj 1^—. SACRIFICE; let ISrf-sSO feet on Perry Bt..
between Third and F<:urth. together with lm-
• ;r. ver.iT.t!, ccr.siKti-c of a I-story double
hn-jfie with brick f-u::. Jatlon. rew phimbing;
always rented fcr S3> per month. Apply R.
. MeOOLGAX. H M-inlgorsicry st., room S.
•fM.t00--aaXST be t-ii r TTmTn7dlateTy~to~Ti^ s TTn
! «rETate; < flat? in Western Addition; choice
. r.elphhorhcrd: ecrner lot JT-Sx^I feet; rents
"cr $X per ni^r.th: can b« increased to $1*0
by a sir.a'I expcnSIiure: this ls the best buy
In the r:t>: mortgage of $3700 et 6 per cent
ran rcnatn. Apply 1L McCOLGAN. 24 Mont-
a-ctr.er}' s*-. room 2. -..
A FINE r.ew ccttr^e of 8' raoms and high fla-
. 'Fh«"J t>asor.-.er.t: all modern Improvements:
. .large let. with driveway: cheap; imali
am. .:r.t ctsh. balance like rent; see owi.tr on
1 prerr.ioe*. Church and SOth s«. A. KLAHN.
FOK SALE— J1CD0 cotUge; 4 room?; lot MxTJ.
. 4 <*hurch lane, near Sixteenth st.
MODER.N bouws built .lowest prices :pUn» and
• ---.rr.at»s fumlched. Campbell. 1147 Mission.
illPSlON eottace; new; € rooms, bath: lot SOx
100: t30C<l: trrms tn suit tnj- .t. 4'..t Kearny tit.
REAL, ESTATE COCVTUY — For Smle
ACCUiiATE^IperscrarTtr. wlclpe— each of the
2000 ranches en rr.y PALE and EXCHANGE
c list. .More than aM ether Agents ln this city.
N. D. PICKLES. ;!:<• land agent. <S Geary st.
FOR SALE OH r.ENT— Fine fruit, train and
M.oc<c ran?h, TV a^res. near bay. Address
. Hz D.. box CZ% Call office.
FOR eal*>— About. 2 acre* of land, near Colma.
Pan S1r;»o County. 443 Valencia *t.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
CITT property anf5 farms sr>ld or exchanged ;
V.'te fr<-*. MARION GRIFFIN. T19 Market, r.l.
ALAMEDA~ADVERTISEMEXT&
ALAMEDA UKAL ESTATE.
liAltOAINS :n lir.proved and unizeproved Ala-
m"Ca. r<"al estate in ail parts cf Alameda pn
eapy terms. Alarreda Land Company. 1500
Park «.. Alameda: 20 Port St.. San Francisco.
JST^X"— ELEGANT new house of 8 rocms; choiee
location: V-foot lot. J. H. YOUNG. Owner
nn-1 T-iir.l^r. i;<3 Park St.: tfrms.
ALA.MEDA. IIOlisES.
POR RENT--Six-rcom bouse. &* good as new.
in j-erfect ror.flition, with all modern con-
¦ vrr-i^nces: fir.e lawn ar.d flowers; two blocks
to Orand-Ft. rtatlon; J25 month. Inquire at
1240 Park Bt.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AJVD BOARD.
"UANTED-Oer.tlerr.an end *"»ife to beard;
Vir&aani honie; rear Park-st. station. Itl4
Atatneda ave.
BERKELEV APYEBTISEMEXTS j
Dr.nKKI.KT RUA.L. ESTATE.
4 LARGE moms; high basement: lot K>xr35;
g^od well water: £0 good fruit tree*; J block*
from station; price tilOO; terms to suit; tak«
Berkeley train, gft off at Lcrtn station.
O2LLERICH & PERKINS.
S-P.OOM. bay-wln3ow cottage: brick founda-
tion; tnaatel: all modem: lot 37:6x100; 5 blocks
from etati.-n; near tchrvsls. churches and
stores ar.d electric cars: price $1000; terms to
suit- OELLERICH & PERKINS.
NETS'; 4 large rooms; bay-window cottage; all
modern; large pantry; good well, tank ar.d
frame; large chicken yard; let 60x100; high
bsseiuent; 2 blocks from station; near J elec-
tric car lir.^s. stores, school, churche*. etc.;
price 11700: t»rm» to suit; take Berkeley train.
r»t off at Lorin etation. OEL0*ERICH &
PERKINS.
"H'EGGS Is h'efgs," and there ls always a de-
rr.and for them; don't you want to raise
chickens? We have a lot Just suitable for
that, frontier on three etreets; 120x270, and
only J1500: the orportunlty of a lifetime. Ap-
ply to MASON & McLENATHEN. adjoining
P. O.. Berkeley.
$SV-HANDSOMn furnished corner cottage. * I
rooms, stable, near cars. C. HENDERSEN.
VH Montgomery st.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
XX ESTATE.
$SSO&— Fine centrally located corner; good lm-
pro\-eir.ects ; producing t~'A per annum; bank
»nr»l«raest r.4.000; mortgage J6000 can re-
n^aln; location w. 11 demonstrate to you It haa
an azsured future.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
<Qj-4C2 Eighth et.. Oakland.
A SACRIFICE— T8500.
15 ACRES. ~ 15 ACRES.
In Frnltvale; worth J1S.000; cuadlvlded Into
lote all around it: fine garden lane- Increase ln
vsJue eF5ur«3; owner caJled to M»xlco; must
eeil; cCer wanted.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATS CO..
460-<C Eighth st.. Oakland.
$1SOO— 8-ROOM modern cottage and lo% 40x148;
nicely situated on high ground. ne«r Pled-
moot. Addres* BELI/EN &. COOK,iWu!i-
lr.gton and Fourteenth st*. \
«21OO— ?:0O CASH. J!5 per month: modern 2-
story house «-,f g room*: ]uet finished; com- ;
T>l«?te ln ev*-ry detail: finely situated on owner
lot; oar« pats the door. BELDEN Sc OOQK.
Washington ard Fourteenth »ts. \
$3400— NEW cottage of 6 rooms; up-to-dae
throughout: centrally located on northeut
«rwr; ia excellent neighborhood. BELDES
«: COOK. "VVashinsrton and Fourtetnth *ts. \
CWIM CASH, JT5 per month: new S-story 1
dwelling of 8 roornf; porcelain bath, tiled sink
and f.n" mar.tel; located on large lot In expel-
i-nt neighborhood: clo«e to local trains and
car linen. JJELDEX &. COOK. \Yashlngton
. nr.d Fourteenth «ts.
rnmOSHEO or unfurnished hou«« of 8 large
rooms and ba:r. : canltary plumbing; lot 50x
1V'\ «*>-ntr«l loraUon > T >r.lv f..^ i»th nt.. Onkld.
OAKIA.'.l HOU3US TO LET.
FOR list modem furnished and unfur. dwellings
r.;;rlv Ijeyrr.ance Real Hetate Co.. 4C0-4C2 8th.
OOOD hotiKr*. Get U»t from GEO. XV. AUS-
TIN * CO.. 10T8 nmsdway. Oakland.
OAKLAND FLV\ITL'IIE FOIl SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaaa. th«
dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOIl. IIOL'SCKBEPI.\G.
CAT, 2KI. near.Killmore — 2 large unfurnl«hed
rooms; upper. Cat; yard; water; rear; rent J7.
EI»I>Y. Vf.~ Nieejy furnished rooms complete
for houspkpeplng; ra». bath; quiet house. :
KliDT. C04-2 riicfly furnished eunny front
room* complete., for 'housekeeping. ¦:
ELLIS, lir;— A nicely furnUhed front ¦ roont,
• fultable for houseke»T»int: kitchen adjoining.
FELL. Ill— Larg* «unny won nicely furnished;
kitchen and bathroom attached.
FIFTH. KJ— Three furnished connecting rooms.
tl4; al?o einple, U ani J5 per month.
FOLROM. CT5— Large runny furnished room
light housekeeping; fl 75 week.
IVY ave.. rn. near Franklin and Hayes— 2 rery
pleasant rooms; atove; elnk; no children; J9.
ROO3IS FOR. QOCSEKEEPIKO.
JESSIE. 2SS. near "Emporium— 2 sunny hoosa^
keeping rooms, $9.
JUNIPER. 2. oft Folsom.' bet. Tenth and Elev-
¦ enth— 2 or 3 unfurnished *unny house -ceenlng-
rooms; bath; j5 SO per month.
MARKET. 1824— Neat sunny room; folding bed;
large closet; >8.
MCALLISTER. 1627— « room* furnished: kitchen.
bed -and elttlnr: bath; all com enlencea ;
tunny; rent reasonable.
MINNA. 28— Sunny furnished front rooms for
housekeeping and single rooms- 75c and Jl
per week. Ofjlftff
MINNA. 267. between Third and Fourth— Large
sunny kitchen, patent table, sofa bed and
running water, Jl 60 per week.
OAK. 113— Sunny slnsrle rooms famished for
housekeeping. 13 50, |6 and $7 each.
OTARRELU 129A^NlieT^ furnished front
sunny room; privilege light housekeeping.
OTARRELL, 742-Sulte of 3 rooms. U6; par-
lcr». tp; rear suite. Ill; bath and phone.
O'FARRELL,. 1393— Front parl. r suite, nicely
furnished: hot and cold water; 2 closets and
gas range; rent reasonable
SHIPLEY. 2S1— Complete surny housekeeping
rooms: double or single; rt nt ' reasonable.
CLASSIFIED (Ldvertlsements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offie. 2C00 Fillrriore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
fubseriptlons has been tsiablished at IC36
Valencia et. ' .: . ¦
BOOMS TO I.r.T K.irn. nml tnTprn.
A-liRUNSXVICK House. US Sixth— Rowna "5c
to $1 per r.lKht: Jl 15 to Jo per week, and '.lght
housekeeping; open ail night. . : | ;¦ -' '
A QUXBT and respertabl- home for .light house-
keeping; suites HG ur. bath: telephone, St.
James. McAllister an 1 Laguna sts.
A1TSTIN ave.. 1C5, off I'olk— Furnished and un-
_furnished rooms for housekeeping.
BURNETT, u:6 Market fold No.: 1364}— Fur-'
nished rms., suite?, single; also unfurnlghW.
; BUSH. 324— Furnifh<-I sunny rooms, suits or
single. Sc i^«t nig-t up; transient.
'< IiU?H. S'JO (The E!"t — Chunked . hands; newly
i renovated, nicely ruin, sunny rms., Jl 50-tO tr
I w-pfk: Kc to Jl ff night. MRS. P. RANFT.
• CLIFFORD. 2C4 Kills, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished runny rfKjms: prices reasonable; .:
ELLIS, 62S. cor. iJirktn— Sunny furnished: front
room; double f< idtng bed; Welsbach lights. .:
ELLIS. is;>— 3 : Icely furr.is&ed eunny rooms.
: with gas. phot-- and use of piano if required;
bath: reasonable. . . J ! - •¦
FELLA place. Ifi. off Powell, between Bush and
pine—Sunny furnished rooms with bath; reas..
FOLSOM. 834 tl 13 week, sunny front furnish-.
ed room; cliset: bath; private. -.-¦-- ."¦ ..-'> -
FOLSOM, MS, cor. 6th (The Oliver)— New fur-
nished sua-.y rms. single or suites; reasonable.;
GEARY. 40' (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnished ¦
rms.; suit-s or single: travelers acepmraodatd.
GOLDEN 'JATE, 2C— Nicely furnished Sunny
front ro m: cheap. ¦ ; /";-.;¦.:... ; ,-
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and M-sion sts. — Sunny: rooms." en suite or
single: ladies* parlor: reading^room:>levater, '
IIATEF. EM, cor. Van Nfjs-Slrgle fuftriy room
5u!ta> le for gentleman :>ent |3. ¦ ': .'... ¦¦; '.;' '. ' ¦:'¦
HOWARD House. 548 Howard :*t.— Roonl»: 15c^
to &V per. night: 75c to K per, w-wk, : ;. ¦; ;."--• ; /¦
JESP: E, 514, bet. Sixth ar.d Seveath-1 ; pr \l
! surny front rooms; rent: reasonable.:. Inquire.
up*:alra. ; . "; ":•.-/;": ¦"..' '¦: '¦': '.' .:.:¦ -; :
LAF.KIN, R"4— Punny single room, neatly fur-
cished. suitable for gent; .14 50.1 '¦'.'¦::¦:. -.: : "' .':'; '¦
i LAS PALMAS. 1SJ0 Market st r --Suite of. 2 of 3
rms.rprivate;. bath: sin. nhs.ribpard optional,
f.EAVENWORTH. KIl— 3 rooms; prirat* house;
: upstairs; rent J10. : :',j- ... .; '¦ [I ¦¦' '•':" '.. ""':'.
MARKET. 10JS— Niee room for geRtleinan,' . J3
: per month; third floor. -; ¦ '_-\ - .;_' "¦ -.'" '¦;¦.: ';¦ ¦:¦. '-. :: ¦
MCALLISTER. E19— 2 nicfly : furnished : sunny
rooms; running water :. large. <loset;;J6artJJ3..
MINNA. 667. cor. Eighth— New fumls.hed ; bay*
window room, tl per week: transient.; ;-. ;-.;
MIPPION. U12— Sunny front and :back rooms.,
furnished or unfurnished: bath; gentlemen
preterred; comfortable; convenient to- . carai.-... ¦
NATOMA. 4I1C. n^ar Fifth— Large front Bunny>
furnished room, suitable for one or. two. : : :
NEW ARLINGTON. 1C15 Market St.— Nicely
furnished rooms. $: a week' up: 35c a day up. .;
NINTH, U3 — Sunny tingle furnished .room;
cheap. • "'-: : .' --..• - ;
O'FARRELL, *0 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices: elevator: electric lights; day, wk.. mo.
O'FARRELL. SIS— Nicely furnished room.
O'FARRELL. 554— Furnished sunny modern ¦
room: gentleman.
ROSEDALE House. J19 and 121 Ellis st.— Rooms,
eight 25c to tl. week tl SB to $4; open night.
ROTAL House. 126 Ellis st.— Incandescent Mght:
reading room, smoking room and ladles" par-
lor; rooms, per night. 35c to $1 60; week. $2 to
18; month. $S to t30: elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth st.,
near Market— Furnl'hed or unfurnished.
SIXTH. HI— Nice sunny furnished rooms, en
Bu'.te or *ingle; reasonable.
SIXTH. 313— Nice furnished room ln private
family, suitable for 2 gentlemen or man and
-wife; also single room; reasonable.
ETEVCNSON. 620 — Sunny front rooms; single or
double; light housekeeping.
TAYLOR. 218 — Suite of rooms suitable for mar-
ried couple or 2 gentlemen; also single rooms.
TAYLOR. 611 (Norwood)— Furnished sunny
6Uites; also single rooms; privilege cf hkpg.
THIRD. 41<£ ror. Perry— 5 nice newly furnUhed
sunny rooms; corner flat: bay-windows.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2T00 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
ROOMS AND DOARD.
CHESTNUT, nr. Hyde— A Sunny room, with board
or partial board, for a gentleman engaged
during the day. In a private family. Apply
box S3S3. Call office. -
ROOMS and board at 2242 San Antonio ave.,
Alameda.
BOARD and rooms at 415 First St., near Har-
riixm.
•l'CCIAL KOTICES.
ROOMS papered from $2 SO: whitened. Jl up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 819 Third.
BAD tenant" ejected for 14: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
41S Montgomery «t.. roOTnn S-10: t<»l. SSS}.
SEWING .MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged: re-
pairing loweat rates; open even. 205 4th st.
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired: needles and
ihuttlet; reduced rates. 145 6th; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
tr+A. Charle« PUmbeck. 1915 Mission, nr. lath.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission St.;
Tel. Main 1S40; chipping at cut rate*.
"WILSON BROS., storage and moving; covered
vans. Tenth and Market; phone South 762.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore st.: phone Jackson !81.
STABLES TO LET.
LARGE stable with 3 stalls; suitable for coal-
\ yard: good neighborhood: rent 110. 1519 Turk.
TO LEASE.
; Ft>R ItENT-Flne coal yard, 12 stalls, very;
Vet location; will lease yard for J15 per
rtonth: worth J2S; office Jo month: large haul-
• ¦ for waron. 140; double net harness, 510; dog
ctrt. 110: fine buggy, Columbia make, (30;
rlros and screens, etc., will go with yard.
2101. Central ave.. Alameda. : :.
TO let--Fine room* suitable for light mannfac-
turtrg rurposea. Apply at Ml Bansome st.
TTM2WRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
, GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We
I tell better machines for less money than any
house ln the city: rentals *J. The Typewriter
Exchange, ttt California; telephone Main 266.
ALWAYS bargains in typewriters; any make.
Writ* for orlces to L. &. M. ALEXANDER,
.-. 110 Montgomery >t. ;. . • . . ". : : .
NEW typewriters. $S down. 15 month payments.
ijEVALK. 49» Callfo-nla st.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
; DIVIDEND notice— The Giant Powder Com-
; irtiny; Con. A dividend. No. 22, of Seventy-
' flve Cent* <75c) per shar« on the Issued
; . capital stock of the company haa been de-
, clared. payable at the office of the company.
• 428 California St.. San Francisco, on Octobe-
10, ISOO. Tran»fer books close October S. 1900
at noon. A. A. SPARKS. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. . 10» (fifty
cents per share) of the Oceanic Steamship
Company, will be payable at the office of th«
£ clnpa , n J r ' m M » rkp t «t" on and aft«r Mon-
day. October 1. 1»OO. Transfer book* close
en Tuesday, 6eot«mber 85. 1900. at 8 o'clock
P- m. E. H, BHEI4DON. B^rturjr.
¦ HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher).
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Msr.
FUXERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3.
, 20 Fifth at., oppostt* Lincoln School.
THROUGH TR.UXS.
6:55 a. m. week days— Caxadero and way sta-
tlona. * , .> , ¦ ¦ .
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Torcalea and war sta-
tion*. -
* 1K», a, m. Sunday*— Tomales and war sta-
tnni ¦] ri7'iM~' ri 'rfMii?i/^»t"
3 BATXKOAD TEAVEL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
Via Sausallto F«rry. ,;*,'.
-'¦•:- Commeneinr ¦ September 3«. 13«3O.
FROM SAN Fit AN CISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS-6:w. •3:15. 11:00 a. ra.. «1:43.
3:15. 4:00. 5:15. *6:15. «;40 D. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays and Sat-
urdays at 9:00 and 11:35 p. rn.
FUNDAY»-»S:00. -10:00. 'll.-SO a. ra.. »l:13.
3:15. •<:«. 6:30, 9:00 p. m.
Trains marked (*) run to San Qnentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL to SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK -DAYS— 5:!5, »«:30. 7:45. »:3O a. m..
•12:30. 1:43. *3:30. 4:30. 1:20 p. m. "
EXTiRA TRIPS on Monday*. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 6:43 and 10:3) p. m.
'<-¦ SUNDAYS— «:20. »9:W. »Vl-M, »8j4J ' al ra.,
1:40. •J:15.' 4:43; »«:30 p. m.
Trains marked <•) start from San Quentln. •¦
i FROM MILL. VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
I WEKK DAYS— 5:45. • «:45. 7:&3. 9:30 a. m..
12:35. 2:W. 3:30, 4:54. 5:» p. m. . . »
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturday* at 7:10 and 10:20 n. m..
SUNDAYS— 8^)5. 10:C5.a. m.. .12:08. 2:15. 3:30.
5:00. 6:45 ». m.
Weekly Call,$1.00per Yea?
f- Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
l^lP^SfA In I«O* tut ihetr.'atmentol Private
g\ JK sSfeW I>lse»sr8. Lo«t Jia.ii t)i«»i be tillty or
Q3pz£t£?-fi$fo r!i^ea)M> "pairing on bod7andccinai»nil
Mlcln Di>e<ws. Vht «loctorcureswh«>ii
others faiL Try him. Chursre* iow.
MSBtiSKi C'nre»innranlfn<, CallorwrUtv
Or. J. *•- tilBBON. Box i937.San Fnadaca
Steamer "Montlcello."
MON.. Tues.. Wed.. Thur». and Sat. at 9:45
a, m.. 3:15, S:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. nisht): Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and S:30: Sundays. 1C:CO a. m., S
p. . m. Landlntr and of flee. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1503.
- FARE 30c
FOR U . S. N AVY-YARO and VALLEJO
Santa Fe
Trains— D^iy
Leave UarkH-street Ferry I>epoC
Lt«. Fan Francisco. 9:00 a m 4:10 p ml S:00 p ra
Arr. 8*.ocktun 12:3.) p m 7:15 p m 11:05 p tn
" Merced 2:C p «i l:U a n»
" Fresno 4:20 u m ¦ i:0Sta
" Vlsalla <:0O p m . '. 4:M a. m
" TuUire 6:M p m . 5:1(1 a rn
" Hanford 4:H p m , ' 7:08 a n*
"Bakersfleld ... 8:50 p m ... .. 7:30 a ia
" D«n»er 10:00 am ' ! ..'
" Kansas City... R:15 p m • •¦•-.- •.¦-•.•¦¦••-..'•"
** Chicago 7:40 am- .-'." - ¦•-.
f a. m. train Is the Overtand Espres*. Corr*»
spondlng train arrives at ( p. rn. dally.
4:10 p. m. ls Stockton LocaL Correspo&dlflf -
train arrlvea 11:05 a. m. daily. .••••" .- :"• . .-'
8:00 p. m la Fresno and Bakersfl«ld Expres*.
with Sleeping Cars rcr both cities. Correspond-
ln« train arrives at 1 a. m. dally. "¦• ¦; . . .-.
OFFICES— «41 Market s.t. and In Ferry Depot.
Pan Francisco: Ul* P"n»<lw«». Oakland. •• •-.
BAY AND RIVEH STEAMERS.
OCEANIC 8.S. CO.-HONOLUI.U, APIA
AUCKLAND AND SYDNEY.
S S MOANA (via Honolulu) to New Zea-
land and Australia. Wed.. Oct. 3. t p. m.
<* . S QUEEN <Honolulu only)
* ' ...Wednesday. Oct. 17. 13C0. 2 p. m.
S.' S AUSTRALIArto Tahiti
, „..?...: .Thursday. Nov. 1. ( P. M.
j. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agt*., 643 Market St
Pier 7. Foot Pacific M. Freight Otflcc. 327 Market St
:0MPAQSIE GENTBAL'. TBA!»3ATLA.VTIQa2.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVP.E-PARIS. ..^
Saillntr every Thursday, instead of 4^jf^\
Saturday from November 2. 1599. at ¦»3^«1W»-S>
10 a m.. from Pier 4:. North River, foot of
Morton street LA TOURAINE. Oct. 4;
L'AQUITAINE. Oct. 11: LA LORRAINE. Oct.
IS; LA RRETAGNE. Oct. !J. First da«s to
Havre *>S and upward. Second class to Havre.
Ul 50 and upward. GENERAL AOENCT FOR
UNITED STATES and CANADA. 32 Broadway
(Hudson building). New York. J. F. FUGAZI
& CO.. Pacific Coast Agents, 5 Montgomery
avenue. San FrancUco.
BUNDAT3-3:0O. >:S0. 11:00 a. m.: 1:30. 1:30*
1:00. s:20 o. m. ": ¦-- ""• - - ;
SAN RAFAEI* TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:10. 7:50. »:». H:10 a. m.: 12:4S.
3:4">. S:15 p. m. Sitariiay* — Extra trips at
1:35 and (:33 d. rn. .
BUNDATS-S:10. 8:40. U:10 a, m.: 1:40. 1:40,
»:CS. e-.tS p. m.
Between San Francisco and Sohuetzen Pax*
fame schedule rjt above.
I^rave I In Effect. I ArrlTo
Can Francisco. [Apr. 15. VXm San Francisco.
Week J Sun- I ¦ I Bun- I WeA
Day». f daya. f Dest!nat'.cn.| days. ) Day*.
7:30 am 5:00 »mt ; Novato^ ilO:4O ami »:40 am
1:30 pm 9:10 am Petaluma. : i:0» pmllO:25 an*
1:13 pm 8:C0 pm! Santa Ro»«. , 7:35 pm! <:20 pnx
1; - j Fnlton. ;¦-."¦: ¦ ;-,":-• -j.-\_ '¦¦¦:¦
-¦-. ':'¦ "Wlndsar." .. ••'.':•¦ Q0:5 an»
.. ."."•• 11 <»nid»bur2; "¦••-.¦ : ' T .¦'¦ :¦..¦¦¦:¦¦-.
-."'V I " ; :-,- r ¦ Gejservtlli!. -" =.r ¦¦.. I ¦¦'¦¦:::
J:I3 pml 8:C0 ami Clnverdale. 7:&pm| »:S9p:a
7:S0 inf / t ;. Hopland .. I i>nf v U0:2S an*
1:30 pml 8:90 am f and U'*iah. I 7:33 pm ' 6 ZH pn
7:30 am Cji-ilj; ¦ -¦ ; : "¦¦ - ¦ ¦ ¦ 10:25 to*
¦ 8:00 am VOu«raeTll!-9. 7:J5 pm ¦ -" - :.
t:30rm| - . ; ." <":¦:¦¦-. -:-:. ; 1 ¦ : l:S0 pnt
1:30 am S:CO am ... Sonoma -I 9:15 am [ S:40 an»
- . - . and ¦:•¦-¦; f I ¦ ¦ :
8:13 pm »:00 pm GTen EHen. | t:C5 pmj »:3) pia
7:30 ami §:C0 ami " :•": |l?:40 am:iO-:25 air*
S:30pm| »:C0 pra]. SebastcpoU I- 7:35 pm! <:20 pn»
Places connect at Santa Rs«a for Mark "West
Bprincs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altruna: at Lvttcn for Lytton Springs: as
O«yserville for Skasci Springs: at Cloverdal*
for the Geysers: at Hopland for Dunca:*
Bprlnjr*. HlKhtanrt Pprlnirs. Kelseyirtlle. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lahencrt and ttart'.ett
Bprlngs; at ITkiah far Vichy Sprini*Sv. Saratov*
Bprlnics. Dlue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Wltte?
(Springs. Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley.
John Car's. Rl*er*lde. Law-ley**. BuelcaelV*.
Clanhedrtn Helehts. RallvtUn. Orr's Hnt
Eprtngs. Mecdoclno City. Tort Braggr. "West-
port Usal. "Wllllts. LartonTille. Cummins.
Dell*!< Springs, Harris. Olsen's. Dyer. Scott*
and KnreRa.
Saturday to ' Monday roun I »tr!o tickets at
reduced rate*. •
On 6unday round trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Tickst office. «i0 Market •:.. Chronicle bid*.
B. C WHITING. R. X. RTAN.
Oeneral Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
30 Montgomery Street.
RED STAR LINE. J
New York and Antwerp, j, -.:/-.-
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Frlesland Oct. 3| Kensington Oct. U
Southwark ......Oct. ld| Noordlacd Oct. 31
Westernland Oct. W.Southwark Nov. 14
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
St. Louis Oct. JJSt. Louis Oct. 24
New York Oct. 10J New York Oct. II
St. Paul O.-t. 17 St. Louis Nov 1»
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YOSK. SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON, PARIS.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE "WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONO. ratlins at
Kobe (Hlogn). Narasakl and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No. cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
SS AMERICA MARU
1 Wednesday. October 17. 1900
ES. HONGKONG MARU
Tursday, November 13. 1900
SS. NIPPON MARU
Thursday. December 6. 1300
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner of First.
V.'. H. AVERT, General Agent.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
\Tibttron Ferry. Foot of Market St. =.
SAN" FRANCISCO TO SAX RAFAEI*.:^
WEEK DATS— 7:3$. 9:00. 11:00 a- m.; 12:3.
1:30. 5:10. «:I0 p. ra. Thursday*— Extra U19
at 11:30 o. m. Saturdays— Kxtra trlpa at l:i»
RAILWAY COMPANY.
SAH FRANCISCO AND NORTH PAGIRS
LQ5SS21
CALIFORNIA NDRTfiWESTEBN BY. CO.
n Simrd-iy »r.'.j.
A fi>r Morntw^ " - 1" fur Afurnrxm
'Diilf. • : ; t ?»mniaT eicri>ted. t Sundai nn'f
CUAVf 1MT1SIOV tlSi-oifMiauffr).
.".-;" ("Mtlril »> .ITo'Tfife.»l Si-..)
Hi:l»u (?cr*!! View. H.n WtSSSmli )S*8Wf
•7 :»«»* k»i' Ji'if »<••> ¦•'»» V'H.i -i.h (New
..." ¦ AIiiiwIki- W«l.i«..Uii.ii.iT) ...... *Ii3ttr
•l»:«i»» s«i J.«. w . Trrm VUh*. Hwu I'n^ .
¦ ; -. ¦ i^ritte «!nne. «'•».. St.. I.... Hail
'¦'-•'¦ ir'lH Ml.lllpO, .Hi.rf. I^>l|.p<JC »¦>>)
" : . rrineh 1 "! \V»» Ml»ri,,.M l Msinp
•IMtliM S»i, .}<*,- him! VV»j .Sts'.iuim 'H^t.-V,
•IflSOa MoiAwvan] TTt f1Mii«M *3:3<>i>
tVtl.tr San .M«j;m». i: r d <•<»>.!. M-nlo f«k,
: : '"Trta Pir.-oa. Hjmu <.°rn/. Smliu^j.'
'"' ' ' :: limit nrr »•'•' l'»rliie i; r .,»o H«: !«»
t:i:S»»r '••n .!.¦«- n,.'l Ujjr ,«tt«lli>i,» *~:Wr
tl.-llr S»i.J..«»»...| Principal Way.Sutlnua *U:4-"ii
t*>:«Orh>n .I,*-, I..n (Utca mud l*rincip»l
¦ :W»jSt»li.»* v ?»s«»<»«
r.-S:20p S»', J, — ui.t l>rincii>.tl \V*y ¦•;¦.+¦..¦¦. .1 *»:^-"V«
*i>::i»i> .¦San JuMtn.l W.j.SUtUi *<%:«•»*
lll;lir< t i. .),>«. ....i W»y St«ti t .i.« «?:3.»»
CREEK ROUTE FERRY. -
TttmUt rXllClSCD— Fttt «f Bwirt S!r.il(Sa»8)—
•7:15 »;0O 11:0.1.. u. tl-ZZ "2-ZZ )3-<3
•4:33 J8:C3 't.ttrj*. -. ..-' . ,. : • ,
rr»n..)»IH1S-»MU f i!iM. i .*,F.— -rt.00 H.P* 10:00«.M.
U3:S: *l:Z: t2::C >!::3 U-Zi -3.3>.m.
*Kil.1< Nen^rk.lViilt-ffiil.'.Nati.lciM, Frlt«ii>,
!:<»ii<ler<1*ek,H»iiL»Cruxi»i'4W»/
SUt!.ii.« •«:»«>*
tasl-ip Kvwatk. Onleriitlf. S»>i .I«>m. Now .;
A !ni>t<!«t>, tflroii, M'Hililer «.'re«lr, ' '•
Hi'H* IVu and I'rinclpa! :'"W»f-.
H:ii!l<!i.«l |IO:Si»»
•J:i:»i- N«w»rk. S*., .l.rn*. U<i;»r».< *•*»•«
nl I:l3r Him>i»' Knjiion. Sao .lose acd
*»«y Station* t~:^*Op
MUNI IilVl>KiN l^arrnn JiuuRe).
t Vm,i «.{ Jl trfcfi .Street:*
CADC SI £ First Class Including Berth.
rHtiL $8Seco.»d Cidss. and Meals. ;
PTATE OF CALIFORNIA *a!l!« Sej.t. C-1 '
COLUMBIA pal!* Ort. i
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokan-. Butt-.
Helena and all points In the Northwest. !
Through tickets to all points East. . r-.l
E. C. WARD. General AT»nt.
CO Market St. - ,
GOODALL. PERKINS * CO..
Superintendents.
From Wharf at 11 A. M.
D4SPATCII FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
THEO.R. &"N. CO.
10 Market »t.. Pan Francisco.
CCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
« Stfamm leave Droadway
S. Wharf, t'a.n Tranelsco:
Vx!S-^ For Alaskan Ports— 11 a. m..
iSF^5^\ rvt - ?• •> 13 - 1S - - z - -^ Nov - 2 -
'• <?£#»wS-E»* Change to company's steam-
' ! £k Di£?\&» *¦>"' at Seattle.
£tFvZ?«V*1j Fcr Victoria. Vancouver (B.
!kJ.*SZ£i<$pi)M ''-•• Part Townsend, Seattl?.
/^vEWi'*! V:i<."inR. Everett, Anacortes
and New Whateom <VVm«h.),
"*** 11 a- m.. Oct. 4. ». 13. IS. Zi. JS.
Nov. 2. antl every flfth day thereaft?r. I'hari:?*
at Scatti«- to th!s company's steamers f ->r
Alaska and ft N. U'y; at Seattle or Tacoma to
N. P. ffy: at Vancouver to C. P. i''V.
For Eureka, llumhcUlt Bay— 2 p. m.. Oct. 5,
10. 13. •£., TO, Nov. i, and every fifth day
ther«after.
For Han Dif«co. stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obl«oo>. banta Barbara. I*ort
Los Angeles and R«U>mIo iLof> Anfjeles)— 11 a.
m.. O<-t. 4. S. 12. ltf. '-•¦). 24. 28. Nov. 1. and
every 'oiTth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cayu-
cos. Pnrt Harfonl iSan Lnk Ob:=pc». Gaviota.
Santa Barbara. Vfntura. Ifuer.etne. San Pedro.
Kast Fan Pefiro (I>i5< -vng^lcs) and X«wp'»rt — 9
a. m.. Oct. *. 6. 10. 14. IS. 22. !% 30. Nov. 3.
anil every fourth day thereafter.
Fcr Ensenada, Magd-lena Hay, Ran Ji-sp d»I
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. I^n Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mexico) — 10 a. m.. "th of each
month.
For further Information obtain company's
fo'dfrs.
The company reserves the right to chinte
ste^rrers.' aniline dafs and hours of sailing,
without previous notice.
TICKET OVFICE -4 New Montgomery
street iPalnre Hotel).
GOODALI-. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Ajr-nts.
(ryNotlce of funeral hereafter. . i.i".
MURPHY— In this city. September 30. 1900. An-
nie, beloved daughter of Mary and the late
John J. Murphy, and sister of Thomas J. and
Mary Ella, Murphy, a native of San Francisco,
aged 6 months and 15 days.
KAY— In this city, September 1 30. 1900, Abble
M., wife of C. E. Ray. and mother of Verna
Jl. Raj'- ; ..
(rjrNptlce of funeral hereafter.
KEYING— In this city, September 29, 1900.
Kllzabeth, beloved daughter of John and
Elizabeth Resing. and^ister of Mrs. Henry
Blum, Georsre and John Reeln? of San Fran-
"*olseov Joseph Reslng of Portland, Or,, Wil-
liam Reslne of San Francisco and Frank
Heslnir of Portland, Or., a native of San
: Francisco, aged 29 years 8 months and 2 days.
j c^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at. 9 o'clock, from the residence of
her parents. 3SS4 Mission street, thence to St.
John's Church, formerly Old St. Mary's Col-
leze. where a requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing- at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemeter;'.
BHOOBERT— In Sauealito. September ». 19C0,
John E. Shoobert. a native of Australia, aged
57 years.
: CTFuntral services' will be held to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 11:45 o'clock, at his late resl-
. dence in SausaMto. 'Inteiment Drivate. -.
BPEAR— In this city. September 80, 1900. Meda
Spear, beloved daughter of Mm. Jennie Wal-
ICTServlces will b« held this day (Mon-
day) at the parlors cf H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137
Mission street, between Seventh and Eighth,
commencing at 2 o'clock. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
MKRRIMAN— In this city. September 30. ISOO,
Kate, beloved wife of Ben Merrlmnn, ajid
nlf ce> of Mrs. James Smith and the late Mrs.
Mary Riordan. a native of Bridgmayo, County
Down. Ireland, aged 3* years.
(C7Frlendn and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 12:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 4 Glover street, off Jones, between
Broadway and Vallejo street. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. *
MARTENS— In this xity, September 29, 1900.
Mrs. Bertha Martfln (nee Trefz). daughter
of Mrs. Frederlka Dose, and sister ot Fred,
Carl. Albert, Adolph and Paul Trefz, Mr».
Etnille Peres and Mrs.' Pauline Spahr. a na-
tive of 'VVurtembeiX', Germany, aged 21 yemrs
6 months and J* days.
C3T Friends and acquaintances are. respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1236 Chestnut street, between Pol'-f
street and Van Ness avenue. Interment Cy-
r-ress Lawn Cemetery.
MALONEY— In this cUy, September 29, 1900,
Lillian Helen, dearly beloved daughter of
George and Mary Maloney, a native of San
Francisco, azed 6 years and 8 days.
(C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully ln%lted to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1127 Golden Gate avenue, between
Buchanan and Webster streets. Interment
New sSalem Cemetery, by special car from
Third and Townsend streets at 3:30 o'clock.
HARTIGAN— In the City and County Hospital,
September 30, 1&00, David J. Hartiean, a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 33 years.
HUERNE — An anniversary requiem hlrh mass
will be celebrated for the repose of the soul
of the late L. E. Prosper Huerne at the
Church of Notre Dame des Vlctolres. Bush
street, below Stockton, this day (Monday),
commencinu at 9:30 o'clock. Friend* and
acquaintances are respectfully Invited to at-
tend.
KENTFIELD— In this city, September 28, 1900.
Harriet Kentfleld. relict of the late John
Kentfteld. and beloved mother of Edward E.
Kenttteld and Mrs. G. F. Smith, a native of
Oxford. England, aged 75 years and 3 months.
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, at her
late residence, 333 Fremont street. Inter-
ment private. Mountain View Cemetery. Oak-
land.
KESSLER— In Ocean View, September 23, 1300,
Louise, beloved daughter of Ben and Agnes
Kesslcr, and sister of Josie. Minna, Bertha
and Fred Kessler. a natlv* of San Francisco,
aged 8 years 6 months and 24 days.
KRUGER— In this city, September 23, 1300.
Carl, beloved husband of Nellie Kruger, and
father of Nelita. Anita. Carl and Robert
Krucer. a native of Chile, aged 38 years.
¦ jpTFrltiids".^ ;and .acQuaintatices;. are feBpect-
- riil ly invited to attend the funeral tomorrow
" iTuesdaja, -at s;:30- ol-clock.'.fr&ni hla'late resi-
-<Jenc>. : " (816 " K'liabeth street. ", thence ¦ to St.
. : James. Church." corner Twenty rlhird and Guer-
- : rero eirects. where a requiem high mass will
b? celebrated for the. repose of- his soul,- com-
. ¦ roencipe:»t : 9. o.' clocks •" lriterment ; Mount Cal-
¦ : . vary- Ce.metery." ••¦..'•.:.". •: . \' - : ¦ .• '-. .. : • . • • " ¦
FRANClS^In the City and County Hospital.
. September 30. . 1500. \Vestlyh Francis, a na-
tive 61 Scotlaridi/ag-ed '28" years. -.. :-.-..
OREIF— Iri this Kcity; '.September. 3», '.1900, : John,
beloved .hiisbajid of Julia Greif. and father
: :- of John J.^arid GeorKe Grelf and lira. George
¦A;" Jlantor, a of Germany, aged 81
! "years -4 mtinths. arid 25 days:.'. : •• ;• ¦ .- •
C^Frlends arid acquaintances are respect-
¦' fully inyited to attend the funeral to-morrow
'. (Tuiraday),:: at 1 o'clock..- from "his late reel-
d«:nee. : 10;>i . Sanchez street, corner Twenty-
third, therice to I. O. O. F, Hall, corner
. Seventh -and Market streets, where- services
will be held under the auspices of Harmony
Lodce No.: 13. 1. Q, O; F. :. Interment I. O.
O. . F. ¦' Cemetery. . -. ¦ '-.' ¦ - : .
GUTTE— In Alameda, September 30. 1SC0, Jau-
luts Gntte. a native of Germany, ayed 74
years 2 months and 17 days. ; .." V. -.-. ¦
C7Notlce'of funeral hereafter.-
HARRIS— In this city, September 30, 1900. The-
reta, beloved wife of Samuel Harris, and
mother of Abraham Harris. Mrs. H. Pollock.
Mrs. H. Cohn and Isadore and Louis Harris,
a native of Austria, aged .67 years *nd 7
months. . . . ¦ ;
: ¦iCT'Intefment jPflyate.:; " ; ".-4 ''.' '.'¦¦¦'- '¦'
EAItLE— In this : city;' entered into: rest. Sep-
j ternber .23.- laOOi- George Hen.ry,.ber6ved hus.
..iband of : KlbrenceUarle;,: ajid father, -of .Edith
¦ Earle,. a- native; of .Urocklyii, .N,. ; - V.. aged. 48
. y«rars ar.d.23 da>s/: tBrbokiyn ia^nd • New York
'¦ papers please :coty.ji ; ... .'¦':;: ¦.-'¦'..'^ '¦': : - '
¦" . J3T- Thif 1 funeral- Will take : plae>" this " day
..(ilonJay); at 1 o'clock, from McGinn- Bros."
'..undertaking parforsi- 31 " Kdjly • ist.reet. ¦ Inter-
¦ rcent Cypress. Lawn. "Cemetery"." '¦ '":.'¦
EPBBKG-^ln this city/ Sepieniber 30, 19C0.
• 1 M;i<aiis ;Edbere; beloved father of Mrs. John
: , HengEtori, 'Mrs, Cristine Pentz. ;. Mrs. Lena
: ChriEtiriseh: and'Gustav: E!tlberg;,''a. native '.of
j ! Sweden, aged 74 'years 1 month and 6 days.
FISHER— In; this; city. .September 23, 1SO0, Jo-
hanna, dearly beloved wife Of.-J.ohn H. Fisher
. Jr., d-early ' beloved -daughter of Barbetta aiid
the late' JacQb -David, and sister: of Marcus,
¦ HenrSj J^e, !SoJ, Regina. : Farah, Iiiha. Caro-
¦ ¦ line; -Lena; and ".Martha IJavid.- a. native of
: liavaria," ; Germany; ..agi?d SS " years and 6
" months. ¦'<>« ew York papers" please copy.)
.:¦ " :C7"Keijintni can."beieeh at IQQ Clay street.
Funeral, yeyyfeei at Golden; Gate: Hall. 625
- "Suttier eir.eet,.' to-morrow (Tuesday), at 2
". o'doeic. ; Interment JOdd. Fellows' • -Cemetery.
OFFICE R$l and' -members d.f- Harmony Chapter
: -JCd. -:ij4, '.Oj..' E; are: requested to attend the
funeral of bur jate sister,: Johanna Fisher, at
: Golden pate -HiUU- €25 Surter- street, jo-mor-
ra'w: (Tuesday),? At 2 o'clock. By order of the
: \V. "il; '-¦^¦¦'¦;-.- : : •"¦; ¦: •": ¦¦ V '- / •''. . i-.
FT.EMlN(j--In this "city; September 30, 1900.
James W Fleming,: beloved son of. the late
. John : and: : Caiherine ; Flemlne. and beloved
v'iiephew ; of . James ¦'. Beesran,;-. Mrs;: M. Curley
. aiid ' M'rsi' J:.;Ha,nd. a native: of . San Francisco,
. aifed is years .0 month's arid 20 days. ; ¦ . ' ~
AL.TUl>E-4ln. Tuscarora. is'ey:. September 24,
: . l*uo, ".Maria ; Kuth,' beloved idaupht^r; of-: Jule*
: and__Kmi!y- iAltub?, -BKed ; months; and 5 days.
Greif.: John '• - ; t: ¦" ."• . Jtayv Abbie M: -•
Gutted Jaiilula . : : Res-trig. "..ElUarbeth
Hairis. Theresa •; ". ' ¦¦' Shbobert; Jcin K.'
Hiirtigan. ;l>avld.J.;v -Spear, .Meda. -.' " ¦
Huerne, £.. Ky Prosper: ¦ NV indelaw. . Spren
Kenttitld; Harriet ¦: .Wright, i Klchard
'-_. ; ; ;'". "DIED. \_ . ~ ¦;;;"¦- ..
Altube, jlarla R. -. Kessler. ilipuise.
Earie; George H. . \. Kruger. 'Carl •'"•..
Edberg. >laj?hufl . " • Maloney,- LiUjan H.'
Fisher; Jchartna . ¦ Marten's-,' Mrs. Bertha
Flemine, Jariiea H.., . MerMmani . Kate ¦¦:".'.
Francis. :\Vestlyn.. -Murphy. Annie
MAREIED,
CARTER— BOA S-^ln Ncme, Alaska, Au?rust 27,
ISOO, by Justice Noyes. Fred AV*. . Carter and
ltae Boas, both of San* Francisco. ;.' . ' .
•.VttHp'J'lui Owl I.linitml-Tracr. ftnano. : -.¦.•"
: lbkrred«l>i. M«ii|{iii> lur Santa l!«i-
Xt.un, I.. » .\i-X' It-a. *l»tl.-Iv "
•»:*«r PtucitiM .,.-.. 'Vtiaa
•.•>:O«r NVw «>rl-anF Etprcn— Hakewfinlil. ¦ - , .:" ¦
Maiita lUrtitra, \*-s Ang- Its. l>i*ui-
hie. Kl l'*«... iiei» Orlful* au«l • " '¦
r.ast *Ti^^»
•Oinor !i!u»*i.k Ntlea»nilttai> Juae •?:t-'>% -
»«S:«.iii V«.l:^j« *ia«l*.r
•¦•:«»¦¦ dr'-nr.jl Mall-Ojiien, I'Urjt-cne. ¦•¦.-.:•.
U:iiulia, t'biotfn «ia:-l3p
•«:OOr Oriwta] Mai!-OBdeo. Denttr.
Om» '..«. t:him«o ,. ««:i:»r
•T:«O- Nilca. Tracy, I.«:hro?, 6*ocktca.... *l»:13r
•isOOr ort-K-'ii ana Ualii<-riti* K»t.r»«..Nao- . :
i«M-m.l... MarjnUhr.. Ueililinc. "• - :
r.>itl»u>l. l*Hg«l SiMtixt an<l Kant *9:43i
Ji!»-"ifV<ll<r, i'<»t » cjU and Way Hta.
tt,«,9. -;.\.;...'. til'**"!'
RAILEOAD TBAVEL. v :
MO|!TtlKltN IV4«lr'I«' tUJirAMT.
(PACIrn; XiiTIil.)
Tmlm !»»»•• i»t«a »r«» <ln» ••» arrli* m* 4
wan nuMcnco. . :•
¦ (Main Line. Foos "< Hark** Street.) /:
LI«TI — FftOSI OCTCBXK 1. 13C0. — AXSITB
*7:OOa Brnicii. Sutean. Elmira. VaeariBaw
Huiu»-T »oa JMnannui *7>43p
•7iOWa Sh»»» Kipfffts-IHiu, Williams (for .. : -
lUrtie:: SyringsX Willow*, lied
Bluff. r"oruand •Ts-ISp
•7:3O\ MarUuex.Suil:»ii>«D,VallAJo.Nap«,
f»IU'. k»»i..1 M»i!tn Kim *«s|.1p
•»:OI)a D»tU. \vuod!aud. KuigbU Laudlnc.
.\WrjmiK*. ornTilir. *7:13r
••»:«mi* Atl.i.ri.- KipreM-Ogdeii and Kajl •IStCif
•»:«»«» NJ«», Tr.cy, lAthrop, Btockton •1»:I3a
•»am m.i. .l t .<.-. LlicriMor*. StncibiH. -..- -.-..:
1">.«. Sarr-nu>-tit». J'Uc<->fiUe.
M.nnDKVU*V K*l IUmIT MiWp
•«:3»\ <>»ki!» \r, Chin.sf. i t ra. C<wt«rs... 'Ijl.ir
•l>:t»<»» llajv»i<la. .Nil>« »ml Vi*t ""UBouj. # l ls».1»
•|l:iiiitL«i Aofees Kiprra* — Martiiiex, •
Tnei, L»llir»tv ¦¦*.<*.kiwi. Mrrcrtl
Ki«i.i. «i.a Lea Ai;;o'm "7:l-"»r
•!»:»n* V.r,.}... HaitkMaM H«ySi»>.lo'ii 'mtt^f
•IUsO«» Th^O»erl«i:.» 1.1 .-!•«••» -«J5J«ii. lvn-
»er, l/iuaba. Chlcaf. *•.¦».»*•
•1I:«O.\ ?<ili», b'oc'ktcn, naorxraruio. Men-
.L.tH. Kn 8iio. lUi.f.-f.l, Vb*lia.
IVrtrttilie Millf
•1 1:OOa Lirermnre. Suci-r, Go*h»n June-
¦'¦ ti..u. Uok<r«rt<-1>L Los Augelcs
•I«:<m»« ll«» «,r. .. Nil.-* »-<t Way auitooi. '»rt-1p
|li«Hrtliifmhwtw l.'itrr .Sie»i»mm t5:«»*
MiMHf IUj\T>irtl». NiUtaml VVay MUtionf. •.¦»:!.•> p
•-ItMrMnilaM, Han Uawmt, V^lipja, - ¦ :-
N»|m. «'»|i-.t..utt. rlaiilw II;**.,.... *» »!•¦»» "
•liMrlMkh, Winters. Manamenlo. - ;":-..;
ntHullKii.l. Knikht* i.»u.!ii>*. '.- ' .
U*tstnU~.ihm\lU .i.... •••:l^*
M:.'l'ir Nile*. Nmi .!¦.«• himI Stockton Silir
ROMER-In: this city, September •S, 1900, to
¦the wife Of Kobert E. Homer, a" daughter. -. "
Birth, marriage and death notices sent i by
mall: -will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either Of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name: and residence' of . per-
sons authorized to have thi- same published, v '
EIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
PROPOSALS for! stone wall-General depot,
Quartermaster's Department,.' 36 New Mont-
gomery st., San Franclsc<v October 1. 1300.
Sealed proposal* will be received at thls-of-
. flee until 11 o'clock a^ m., on November 1.
11*00. and then opened, for construction of
stone wall' alone southern boundary of Mili-
tary neservation. Presidio of San Francisco,
-' in accordance with plans and specifications
on file here, which can be seen on applica-
tion. OSCAR F. LONG. Major and Quarter-
master, U. S. Vols., Depot Quartermaster.
AUCTION SALES
&s I Will Sell at Piiblic/Anction
WEDNESDAT..:.... ...'..OCTOBER 3. 1K»
: . : At 11 OOOCk A. 31. • .
Fifty head of well-bred your g horses, fit tor
all purposes,- now on •xhiMtlon at J. I). '
Horan's Stock Yards, corner Tenth and Bryant-
sts. This ia a splendid lot of stock; lat^ndins
purchasers will do welt to call and examlna
this stock. = : . ¦ •
¦ Take Market-st. cars and transfer to Eighth;
also Po»t and Montjromery-st cars pass th»;
yards. S. WATKIXS. Anctinn**r. ¦ - :
< NUMBERS
— OF THE ,.'¦'¦ : ; "'. : '
BENEFIGENCIA PUBLICA
City of Mexico, Sept«mb ir 27, 1 900.
No. Prize. No. Prize. No.' ' Priae.
¦ 60.. 20 .71.: 40 101 20
145." -. .100 192 20.220 20
252.. ; 20 303 .' 200 »2 20
421 .; ¦ 40. 438......./ 40 475 40
706;>. ."....- 40 837 20 910........ 8>
947 .V.. 20 1208. -.„...'. 20 1250.... 40
1337.......; 49 1543........ - 200| 1635 40
1656........ 20 17S3.....:.. 20 196< «
2003...:.... '• 40 ' '•' " " ,. " •• • -.
212S.,..,... 20 2416........ 20 24S0 100
24S4 .... IOo 2428.. 20 2S09... 23
¦ 2«25..... 20 2643 20 2990. : 40 ]
30S>» . 4} 3205. ... 40 2396.. .. 4«> '
3532........: i<i SW7 ...20 J815.. ...... 40
.3S49.., ..;:. ¦•¦2uO Z8M 40 M38; 2»
4J15........ 20 4153....;... 2UI 4162 4 1 )
4153 :... '= 20 43tT.»..: 20(4X94 20!
4419.. .. 20 444S 401 4507 2ft!
4>9i)........ 20 4771.. .. 40 4S5S,... 20
4863...r.v..". .40 4901;....... 20 5'W8.., 100«
5147 29 £241. '¦',. 40 C34S 43
5401........ 40 . .5-J*)...."..,. 20 B4S7-. 40
&;;Si......; 44. 6675 ..... 20 57S0 40
;S31».. ...... 20 6S62 ,.". 2<; C045 2»
.sosj.",;;...; 40 tno .:.. 20 6is3 20
0189........ 20 6237.,...;.. 40 S24S ".. 40
. 62fO:....... 'in MM... 2ft 6504 .A 4»
6O'.&. .....:. 20 6592........ 10i» 6744 ...20
68»1... 2ti t971 100 7102.:...,.- 20
74>.S.. '..-.... 2U 75>J 20 7703 20
7T17.;. 20f 7721.....;.. -itH) 77*3 40
7790 20 7S». ..100 7?>1......«. »
.8 L '2L... 40 S*4j. ... > 4) 8154.. ...... "40
8153; .;>.,..;;.: 20 si«7.-.' : iuc-i $xi;. ...... 40
S375.:....;. 20 S3jl.. ' ¦". 20! S512 .;: 20
SJ9a........ . 93 S706.. ...... 3J S."7O «„ 40
SrvS........ . 40 8SM 40 8SJS. ....... M
m2 2i) SX>3 , I ¦" "4U S-iJ. i. 20
• 3177........ 20 9J55.. t<) 040*; ... 20
9417 40 04'jj S« 95U 20
S7SJ... 20 9S73 20j i9W 20
r9:s.., 200frt a.»R7 :. 20110015 20
lCOSl 40 10128 i.i 20 W153. :.. 1W
lOJOi 10ft 10326 ".•„"..•• : 20 Jfl333...;..... .43
10JT3 So! 10661.....,".; 20 10654 *1
ICSSI'1 40110932........ 20 11081.'. 41
1U70... SAiUlM •• 20jll»)6.:. *1
11492 200 114S1 V,. 20 11559.;...... 2)
11C51 .... C0|11740 ;., ?>1174S.. 23
llS^.....".,. ' 500111847 ".. -20 11921.'..;.... "'20
I212.V.....:.. 20 12181 .;. 20 12020......... 4)
1247^., 20 12491 20 12332.;.....". ISO
12975........ 2113031 40 .13227:.-.. .... 10J
1S261 " 45 13351 ;..." VX> 134SS. ..»..;. 2>)
13434 40 13798 20J13SO7.. ...... 20
12912 20 1S044 20J14063...;.... 2-J
1431S 20 14^ : 10"} 144OO.L.. 20
14174 43 1478S 100 14SJ7.... 41
H:i85 4C 15101 40 1502J... . 1<W
15">26 40 15164 20 15C80 40
l. r .&63 20 U9.J7 2tj!15W8. 20
15r,8i 40 15933 20'lrtm 100
UI& 201162.37 20!1»M05. 4)
164S9 40 16381 1&M6745 100
16792 20 14823 20!lKS»5 20
1UO 100 17142... 40:i7it3 20
17771 40117798 2)») 178)1 1*1
18003 2OllS07:S 20J1SW0 ?»
1S312 20 1&-M3 l>t0;l < ;4i:. 20
18425 20I1S473 29|18«47 4"-
18702 »)|1SS70 41,1S:..-U 20
meso iooii9ess •jo;iso.'»« so
13104 3)0 19!07 4U:19105 'M
1&137 2O|1S:CS 4");i?17l »
1S2T» 49.19J75 40:lf**8.'. 2H
197?S leGjlSSilS S0!l?9ro 4H
1D!'S2 '100 20033 40;2.«4> 1W
2 i )lfi6 21 1 9):i6 30)35240 2»
:Yi2S6 20M34-' lOOCiSKM 40
;0514 40 2G7S9 ¦ M:»81o K«>
:i>yG0 20 21)964 2O!2U*57 20"
21007 4-5 21116 20!21?33 20-
21252 3)21329 6'Wi21430 4)
21476 20121431 * <0',2l'M »>
21595 20I22W73 20 22296 41
2234S 100 22377 4)|22«00 *'1
2244? 20224SS a);2*:jO 40
22684 40 22712 20122721 200
2CS91 lJ0 219"i9 iC!23090 20
23175 40 23179 20:23319 2«
23353 20123409 2n|2:J.VK> 40
23533 40 23«7 40!23713 10
2C775 40 23780 20 23S94 40
23979 20t4363 40 24K5 4)
24415 200 21612 20 2475S -40
24761 20 24802 40 24910 4'J
£5193 49 25259 20 23310 10
25639 20 25683 20 25746 2»
25793 100 25879 100 25914 20
2.VM0 600 26007........ 600:20021 2)
2C073 40 26157 »|26719 20
26S57 100 26336 100 26S41 41
27P.30 20 27471 20 27477 20
27C03 20 27742 40 27790 40
27S17 20 2S061 40 28087 20
:<t024 100 23430 20)28328 20
2S*2S 20 25693 20 28709 20
2S790 20 28792 20 £5808 41
2S936 100 29056 20 iK)72 43
23132 4129321 20 29347 100
2O3.-.7 20 29494 20 29533 20
V9711 41 2SS10 40 20S32 41
2?S71 40 29919 20 29341 2»
I5SS9 100130034 100 30ft50 20
30073........ 2OJ3O132 20 30267 20
301S1 20 30342 40 3»1419 20
S04I8... rO!3f!44S 100 30507 20
30004 49 3OS7S 100 3062S 100
30878 40S0910 20 30970 20
30975 20 31000 2i) 31127 20
31174 40 31221 40 31267........ 100
31282 20 31324 20 31343 2»>
C1429 100 31493.... 20 31531 2)
81539 40 31631 20 32072 20
32264........ 20 32313 40 32446 41
32513 100 32557 20 32783 40
32793 40 32SS3 •.. 40 32967 20rt
32033 100 33049 20 33058 40
33121 20 33n8.. 20 33399 40
33433 20 33438 20.34037 20
34177 20i34437 100l3444j... 21
34321 20i34559 100*34786 3)
34S40 40J34S45 20 34861 20
34875 2OJ34920 40 34353 41
35197 20I351K 40 35216 40
¦85433 40IS5515 •.. 20 33692 20
i 33823 20135851 20 35558 20
36021 100136058 40! 86138 100
3610S 2n|36245 4O|36279 20
3<k99 20136521 20136742 40
'36823 4036864 40JS6SS0 20
26136 20i37051 20 370S7 40
T7112 20I372S7 20137333........ 43
S7393 100137465 40137787 20
.38042 40 SS!»6S 20*8067 40
SS261 20138279 20I3S2S0 20
3S512 40!SS528 40J3S571 45
38529 200 3S737 2013S340 20
: 38865 2113.8883 40JS9159 40
: 33178 20 392CS 20139324 200
29402 20 39465 20 39502 40
39786 20 39814 20!j5871 41
39877 200 4C081 20140412 20
40526 200 40758 40!4077S 4<1
40807 20|40857 20140S74 21
43SSI 20 40932 40 40059 100
41034 20'4l246 20141731 20
41827 40 42079 20142169 20
421S7 20 42572 20*42584 20
42616 20 42738 20|42758... 20
4^«S 40 13061 43143203 20
43236 20 43302 40 43544 20
43659 20 43670 20 43SS0 20
43909 20143935 10OI42943 40
44013 20(44156 40U4168 „. 4)
4U70 100 44240 2OU4279 20
44333 40144345 20I443SS 20
44967 20(45129 20(43226....".... 30
45250 <0i43276 2i» 45?13 41
[45335 20M3433 20)45535 M
i 45376 20l456.->: 20J45ST6 100
4>9O3 &X>(4S < >11 20 45143 40
452T.3 40|4626? 40J46291 600
46399 20U6430 40I4S464 20
' 40530 20 45594 40 46703 20
46S39 100 47054..' 20 47119 40
47173.. 100 47205 20,47335 20
47531.... 40 47742 40 47757 100
48132 100 48143 20 4SI47.. ...... 100
48280........ 20 4S360 40 48317 .».. 20
4S527 ."; J10 4S626 20^45647........ 40
48703 1O14S864 401
4S9S9 40*49193 100i494CS 100
49692 20149712 20149935 10O
49977 40:30032... 2050035 40
50100 40i50176 60O : 50343 20
5C4S2... 20150817 20J50819. 20
B0SS3 100(51151 20151234 20
514S5 20517*5 2GIS1S96 10O
51933 20151989 2052123.". 20
62237 20)52242 40152266 20
E2357 205243;... 1<X'O;5244S ;. 20
62540 20i;2557.. 20I52S89 40
52572 40 ! 52990 40153360 20
Ki3S5 100.53419 40:53054 20
53793 20153392 20 34037 20
E40S5.. ...... 2054106.. 20I54W2 20
54210... , 4054224 20154547 46
54683 20134944 40i549S2 »
64991 60000155078 2OOi552Ol 20
55220 2O|53256 20J353S0 20
55461 ¦ 40-55440 100I5347S - 40
FA.-34 40155646........ 100155772. 20
55SC0.. ...... 40155817 40!360o4 20
56153 40!56156 10OI661S2 20
E6190 40|5«561 401566517 20
56751 40 5«769 20|3700S ->0
57131 40 37149 100 57456... 20
67475........ 20 57517 20 575S7.. ...... 40
57033 40 37629 20 57647.. 20
67835 10O578S6 40 37872.,. 20
5*452. 2O584S1 20 58*99 40
5SS0S;.. 4O55S743 ¦ 20 5SS36Vi 100
E8975..V ¦ 40 58997 "¦• "20 ..; • .
6?J23.. ...... 40 59176 600 59201........ 20
E9S75........ 20R9397 40 JS608. ....... 20
EPM.6 40 39680.....;.. 40 o978S.. ...... 20
5SS67........ ICO 59953..;..;.. 2060043... 20
60153 .... 20 60162 20160536..; 200
6fi54r.....T... 2060669 100|60723 ;. 20
60766 2061004 20:61087. ..;..-.". 20
61033........ 20 61109........ 40i«ll ( >3.....V.. 200
61225.:...... 20 61252 40,61278.. ..I... 20
612S6.. ...... 20 61452 2061543-. ...... 20
61673... 2061931 4O'62I6« J0O
62310 20 62370........ 20162505........ 20
62342 ¦ 20 6234? 40';62554. .;„.... ". 40
62661.:,..... 20 62675.."...... : 201S26S5. .':..... 20
63034 20 53265........ v 40I63JSS........ 100
WO. 20 83561 20 83SSS.... 20
R*il7. 10OS4O76 20 64328 ...."200
64336 20 64417....;... ° 40 44450........ ° 10O
6461S.. 40 6482S 20 64979......... 20
6502S 20 65081:...'.... 20 65116.. ......"• 20
65213........ 40 65225........ 4» 65400........ 20
6o6&7 .20 63799..: 40!«5J24.. ...... 40
65020 ...20 66015........ 20166C«4.. ...... 20
661.06 4066292... 201684S5 40
6C604. ./..;.. 20 66741 20(66744 ,100
6<!7«7.".:..;;.. 40 66S40. ."..•..:. 1CO|6W3S..-. .-.;.".!: -40
67073........ '.4O67WI 600167327... 100
S7390... 20 67425.... .";... 2OI674S3... 20
67334. ........ I0O67S00 20 67S2« ...100
67872 20 68150........ 40 68208........ -20
6S407... 4t> 6S534.. ...... 100 68602........ IOO
6!>C9«. .:.....' ' 20 68760........ 100 6S922.. ...... tit
69231......... 40 69278 40 69324 ,20
69469.. ...... 10OO|69478 ...." 20 «360«.. ...... 100
69662 20,63768. .,.;.U 20 69779.......,' 40
So: 54.B IX 1 draw? first can'tal prise of J50.POQ.
sold in Hun Francisco. Cal. Xo. S37'» dra.w»
sreend cap'tPl p-ize of JIP.'OO. xo!d in Havana
Cuba: Syracuse. !-.*. Y. : St. Louis. Mo.; Fort
Worth, Texas. No. 81.SC3 draws third capital
prize or $10.«y>. ?i/.d in Toledo. Ohio: New Or-
leans. Ij»/; St. Louis. Mo.: Chtraso. III. Nos.
F.f>3S. 2O.3t3i. 52.43.". B\46'> and 77.322 draw each
$1COC, sold In St. Louis. Mo.; Dalius. Texa*: San
Franciisco, 'Cul. : I!ati>»i UcuKe. La.: Savannah.
Ga.: Houston, Texas: Caracas. Venezuela; New
Yrrk. N. Y.: Rem Orleans. La.: Maracalbo.
Venezuela: Pcrtland, Me.: Austin. Texas.
799 numbers endlnir with 91, beintr the last
two figures of the number drawing the capital
prize of IW.0CO— *20.
7S9 numbers ending 7^. belnc the last
two fiKurei" of tb<» nucA drawing the capital
prize ot J20.CC0— 1:0. W
TERMINAL PRIZES.
l^O numbsrs from SCIS to 10.C2*. Inclusive,
beinfc 50 numbers on each side of the number
drawing the capital prize of Ko.dXV-JIO.
100 numbers from 63.7S3 to 63.SS3. Inclusive,
beln^ 5(> numbers on each side of the number
drawing the capital prize of S1O.00O— JtO.
1W numbern from 54.941 to 53.041. Inclusive,
bcinir i0 numbers on each side of the number
drawing ths capital prize of ISO.OCO— »60. »
APPKOX1MATION' PRIZES.
No. •"" Prize. INo. Priae. INo. PrUe.
C9333.. 10O0OI69S0O 20{70024.... 40
70048 ,. 100 70107 20070109... 20
70124.....-.;. 4070237 40 70326 <<>
70587 :.-."< 20 70619.". 40 7C6C3 »
70705 4070S06 20170932 600
71143 20 H208. ....... 40(71347 10O
71449 20 71519 20171323........ .100
71665 20 7174S 20J71756 ...10O
71820........ 2071308 ; 20|71979 ¦ 20
720S1........ J072:S2 IOO 72477..:..... *0
725S7 2072G09 20i7261S ." 20
72835 207I639 48172S47 .". IOO
~2XS 40 73034 20173036.. ....... »
73189 20 73250 .... 100173272 20
73275 W 73319 40:73653... 40
73T03 2O73S43 20|73S89.. ...... 20
73SS3 40 74006 40)74015 20
74139... 10O!7446« 2O|74«t24 *»
74S52 20i7tSM 1W751S0 10O
7S220 40173234 40'7>301...i.... 20
7:3G3 I 20175354 10C'!73."«6. •*>
75CCS ;.... ' 20 73715........ MiToTSl 40
75768 20 73776.....;.. 40!7.iSS5. .."..... 40
7590* 20176016 4O|7W1S 20
7R2IX1 2O'7«22<> .... 207S360 : 40
76115 1017514! 40|764S2... " 4*
7W64 10OI7Sfto 4OI76133.. 20
7fiS« 10Oi"6*S«5 4»:76S'J1.. 20
769S7 10O!770C6 40177141.. W
772C<. 201772.^3 MJ77309. ........ 40
77322 lM0i77327 ... 10I772M 20
774S8 1001776*4 .... 49',77T77 ..¦4'>
777?0 IOJ77SS3 43i7«W7 20
7S1M 2O17S233 40I7S254 "i 200
7 I *3CS 2017S313. ....... 4O;7S354 .» . 40
7S5ii „¦ ;(1 -^6C«. 2OI7.S611. ......." 40
7SB2S 20I7S649 :.. 2O!7S«;7. ....... 20
731S7 2<><»7MCt... 40l7327S....i... 20
734S8.... ¦ 2fli79533.. 4 .;..i 20|73662. .....".. 20
79805... • K0I73363.. ...... 20J
PROPOSALS.
ICT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
-*' (Tuesday), - at 10:S0 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. P. Petersen & Co., 228 McAllister street-
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by. traia
leaving Third and Townsecd streets at 11:30
o'clock. ¦*". • " ¦ " ¦" . . •
"WRIGHT— In the City and County Hospital.
September 30,- 1900, Klchard Wright, a native
of :Malne.
ter, and sister of Genevieve Walter and Mrs.
"W. F. King, a native ot Ban- Jose. •
WINDELAW— Iri this city, -September SO. 1900,
Soren Wlndelaw, a native of Denmark, aged
63 years. • ; . ' . •
PROPOSALS will be received at the Bureau of
Supplies and Accounts. Navy Department.
\\ aehtngton, D. C. until 12 o'clock noon, Oc-
tober 16, 1900, and publicly opened Imme-
diately thereafter, to furnish at the Navy-
• yard, Mare Island, Cal., a quantity of lumr
ber, steel tubing, pipe, pipe fittings, valves,
cocks, hardware, bar steel, eteel plates, bolts,
cement, broken rock, sand spikes and piles.
•Blank proposals will be furnished upon ap-
plication to the Bureau or to the Navy Pay
Office. San Francisco. Cal. A. S. KENNY,
. Paymaster General. U. 6. N. 9-19-00..Local Bakers Organize Union.
• Two hundred ; and seventy-eight bakers
of .: the : city and ; vicinity . met yesterday
morning at Pythian Castle .; and , formed^ a
Bakers'/ Protective $ Association. The . as
sociation will i: agitate . the ¦ question r- of
shorter - hours > and : seek to maintain a
fixed rate of wages.
They Make Their Escape, but Two of
Them Are Later Placed Under . ;
•' : '-;' ¦. '. ,;•:••¦ '¦¦; -VArrest. . .'••.; . '" /. '"
. Charles Conwell and Thomas Ilogan,
two youths with a criminal record, are in
"the tanks" in the City Prison and after
their .: companion is. arrested they will be
booked on a charge of burglary. ; .'./ • .. •..
While; Policeman John Jordan jvas try
ing the/ front door of 'Jardine's machine
shop at G50 Second street, about 6 o'clock
yesterday morning he heard a noise Inside
and looking through the window he saw
three men In the shop. They had fasten
ed the front door, and the side door from
inside. ".'-¦ :••""•' :¦«',•¦.• •'¦ ¦..'¦'¦¦ '¦ ¦¦ ¦-¦ i' : ¦¦¦¦'¦•¦ :¦¦¦¦
The three burglars ran out of. the rear
door through a vacant ,- lot on Stanford
street. Jordan pursued them and yelled
to them to stop. They continued their
flight and Jordan fired a shot, but missed
them.* He recognized Conwell and Hogan.
Yesterday afternoon Conwell' and Ho
gan were arrested on Brannan street,
near Third, by Sergeant O'Connor
and Policemen Orr and Callaghan. Every
effort will be made to arrest the third
burglar, "whose identity is known. - •
POIiTCEMAIT FIRES AT
• THREE BOLD BXTRGLABS
Swim at the Crystal Baths.
Recommended by physicians. Water alwayi
clean and warm. Tub department best in city.*
;:: The steamship ;Coptlc,/ Captain ¦ Rlhder.
arrived':' 111 - port /last -night, . twenty r thr©«
days frbni; Hpngkongv via HbriOlulu. seven
days,/ and 'proceeded direct . to/ thev quar
antine station at v Angel : Island^ •.:• . •'/;¦¦•' \\i
-. ¦'• The ¦-.;. captain ¦• reports 'that the". steamer
ran aground. at Nagasaki and was. held in.
that- pbsi tion.: for., two: j days, ¦¦ but'got;. o-ff
after considerable:; work .without : having
sustained; any. apparent: damage,:/. • :¦',¦¦; '¦¦¦- .
..Outside of this mishap the x trip was.un
eventful.. The vessel brings no news from
•the seat- of war. later, than alspa.tch.es.': -¦' •
¦¦•-. Among the passengers on the. Coptic: are
Miss CecirPayen; .who has ; been : a guest
of Minister and ¦.¦•Mrs: Conger' since early
last spring,- and -\Mrs.'' and ,-Missi ¦ "WockU
ward/ ; The ladies left . Peking, under.'mil
itary /escort. . Miss -^ayen ¦¦; enjoys . > the
reputation among critics of being the/fln-:
est miniature artist in the. United Statea.
Buns AgTound at Nagasaki, .but G«t«
| :%; ¦'•/. Off After T^orDay s Without ;£ v ?
'¦' '"'¦',-¦" 'Injury, i" -v \'
STEAMSHIP COPTIC .' / / ;
/; \: . ->^ ARRIVES FEOM CHINA
The League of the . Cr6ss ; : is./pfeparing
for a : great celebration , in; hori<>r ¦ of :. the
birthday :,of Father .Mathew, ' the ; apostle
of temperance, : The.celebratlon-will.be
held on Sunday afternooni-.' October 23, In
Mechanics' Pavilion: : T-hpusands o£ junior
members from every ; parish In- the/city
will be present,: as well as the regiment
of the League' of the Crosa .Cadets. ' One
of the features- of the- celebration Will 'be
the singing of 'patriotic, and.'- temperance
hymns.. .The principal address, . will be
delivered by Rt. Rev. George Montgom
ery, Bishop of Los Angeles, the founder
of the League of the Cross Cadets, in San
Francisco. . .-¦•./'.
Xeague to .Celebrate.
Scott Anderson, a colored lad- employed
at the Ingleside racetrack, stabbed Moses
Jones, a stable companion, in the shoulder
yesterday afternoon. The two boys quar
reled over a game of cards and the af
fections of a dusky damsel. The knife
wielder was locked up In the Seventeenth
street police station by Policemen Dennln
and King on the charrc of an assault with
Intent to commit muflbr, while Jones had
his Injuries dressed Hoy;. Dr. Williams at
the City and County Hospital.
Stabbed His Stable Companion.
.•'.Employes; of the customs service .'. and
other departments within, the jurisdiction
of the ' Collector of -the Port will suffer
no delay In. the receipt of their salaries
because, of Collector. Jackson's death.
The Government.'- has : made .provision In
the matter by. the appointment . of Clerk
E: .B; - Jerome as- a epecial disbursing
agent. ¦ His authority is contained. in the
following telegram which he received
Saturday night: . -. ' •¦: .- v - : - | ..-¦¦.'-• : . '
•. ¦ WASHIN'GTOX, D.C.. Sept. 29, 1900..
¦ E.' B.' Jerome, Clerk Gustom-.house^' San' Frani
Cisco, Cal.: . You hayei been appointed special
disbursing agent under section .3^14.' .Revised
Statutes; to disburse, salaries..- Bond mailed "tpr
(Jar- "Execute and- return soon -as.- possible- for
apDroval and advance cf funds. . • ' '¦''¦¦<."
¦'• • ' •.O.'L. SPAULDING. Acting Secretary.
Mr.?! Jerome, makes this ; explanation:
''¦ "Under this-' order I. am empowered. --to
pay all salaries In. the. customs depart
ment,. the: : revenue cutter, senice,- marine
hospital /service, . postbfQcb ¦' construction
superintendency and the quarantine ser
vice. -As soon as;- the '.transfer . of funds
can- be made, to me: the payments will be
made.. There; will be. no delay In com
pleting the formalities made necessary by
the .-death; of Collector / Jackson." /
Clerk. E./ B. Jerome : Is Authorized
I ; • • to . Make . Disbursements of • • f
'.:¦ '*•'"• .-./ - : /the Governraent •¦/:'.. v- >'¦¦
V. ' -; ' .;':.'• .Funds." •; :'¦ ;.¦•¦¦/
Holders ojf Customs Service
; ¦>' Positions Need Not' '
:^' :^v-/ ; -v--'Wiitr':':\V' : V:
EMPLOYES ARE
TO GET SALARIES
WITHOUT DELAY
NEGBO . SOLDEEBfi SAEL . ¦ ; . :
: /TO-DAY FOR >PHILIPPno:S
Will' BreaH Camp at Presidio- and
: ; •/ • . . Marcli to Dock This
> ;..:'. -- : ¦;:.:, Morning.' : : /.';.... ¦¦•.• ¦
/ Yesterday was a busy day in the model
camp at. the. Presidio, The colored soldiers
were; engaged in packing, their, various
outfits preparatory-, tq- making : an early
start this, morning. ' Cbinpanies ¦ B, M and
D of the :Twenty-fourth jlnfantry : and
Companies A,. C.D: and <J: of the Twenty
fifth .Infantry : will leave their tents at ¦¦!
a. mV and; march to the/ transpfrt dock,
from which they will; leave later. In the
day qivthe Hancock for Manila. . •- .
These' colored troopers: have proved the
best/, disciplined. : lot of men that- vhave
been at the Presidio, for some. time*. "Yes
tersday. was : their pay day, and their offi
cers had. no diflicuty In rounding them up
for the Immense amount of work to be
done/-' • •• ••> • '• ''*'/'. '••.'• >.
Sixty employes of the quartermaster's
department, embracing teamsters, pack
ers and - mechanicSi ' also sail to-day on
the Hancock. •• •. / - '•• - '¦>'.;'¦
Fifty-seven mules, purchased by Colonel
Marshall for use in -the Philippines, ar
riveci at the .Presidio' yesterday.- » :.
as the wounded boy was placed' on the
operating table at the Harbor ;HoSpital hq
breathed his last, ... ¦•:¦' / : '-'r ' ;. :
An air of 'mystery: ate- once enveloped
the case. . AVhile. scores .of people Knew
the details of the affair not a single one
of them would give the police /any \ in
formation. The dead boy's companions
refused to talk and Detectives Ed Gibson,
George Mc.Ma.-bon and William Armstrong
finally placed .John Fava and Ameilo
Bonacino under arrest. 'The latter .boy
to-a a pretty -straight ctory but" gave; no
Information. -..- Fava, however, '/Insisted
upon relating a fabulous story!. concerning
his whereabouts^, and his attitude puzzled
the officers./: Finally he admitted that he
was trying I to -shield • a friend,- ¦ ! He- • gave
the detectives the desired information and
named the boy who Tired the shot.", •' ; .. '¦¦
it appears that Schopplein took, a 22
caliber rifle from the hands, of a-.neigh
bor's boy and commenced to toy "with it.
H<? did not understand how the; weapon
worked and It suddenly went. off t ::He dirt
not notice the commotion at the foot: of
the hill and; not knowing the sad result
of hi§ shot.; went ; into his homer at 317
Gre«>n street and went to sleep. ; He was
awakened and toU of the boy's death
about two houW afterward. ' V/hpn
Fava revealed • .t™ name, of" Brizolize's
slayer, the detectives in company with
Policemen John' OVBriea and George
.Hackett went to the- house and: arrested
him. He had expected their arrival and
was prepared to go. ¦ He said he'would
have fflven-lilrnself up earlier, but he did
not wish to leave his mother.; ' : •
Schopplein, who Is employed .by ! the
Wi«»land Brewing Company. '. was taken
to the City Prison and his name was
Amadee Brizolize. 16 years of age, re
siding at 1224 Kearny street, was shot
through the head by William Schopplein.
four years his senior, at the corner of
Kearny and Green streets yesterday
afternoon and died an hour later. For a
time the case assumed a mysterious
aspect, but investigation proved that the
snooting was the result of an accident.
Schopplein fired the ehot from the top
of a hill in front of his home on Green
street. Ills victim stood half a block
away and the bullet entered the top of
his head, ranging downward, inflicting a
fatal wound. The youthful slayer did not
know of the damage he had wrought until
two hours after the morgue deputies had
taken charge of Brizolize's body. - ;
Yesterday afternoon a number of boys
living in the Italian quarter, among whom
was Brizolize, returned from a hunting
trip. They stepped at the corner of Gr*en
and Kearny and sp^nt some time chat
ting. Suddenly Brizolize's companions
were) startled to see him topple over and
drop to the sidewalk. At the same instant
tuey heard the report of a firearm and
looking up the hill in the direction of
Montgomery street saw Scbopplein with
a rifle in his hand.
Instantlv the boys canie to the relief
of their injured compar.ion. John Fava,
John McGowan and Amelie Benacino
raised Brlzolize and carried him to a near
by drug store, lie was unconscious and
bleeding profusely from a wound in the
head. Sergeant of Police Christlanse and
r'atroiman J. J. Duaxi"e were soon on the
scene and summoned an ambulance. Just
placed on the small book. '•; Young Brizo
lize was employed by/a lamp/company
on Mission street and bore an excellent
reputation. ¦ ¦: . -• ¦•¦.•',.. ¦¦;•
Amedee Brizolize Is Accidently Shot and Killed: byv Young William
Schopplein at Green and • Kearny Streets.
FIREMEN HAVE WILD RIDE
BEHIND FRANTIC HORSE
Animal Frightened at Lumber Pile While
Making Run to a Blazed -
. Engine No. 115 of the San. Francisco Fire Department came near /being
dashed into a lumber pile yesterday afternoon on Sacramento, street,. Just west
of Steiner. One of the horses attached to the engine struck a board ¦• which
projected "ke a huge pike and was shockingly mangled. Thrown from Its
feet, the poor brute was drawn some distance by: the terrific impetus given to
the engine by a long 'run on a downgrade over a smooth bituminous .pave
ment.' The mlxup that resulted was dangerous' to the . Uyes'/and "limbs of
three men on the engine, but they miraculously, came out ' With vwhole; skins
and unbroken bone's. ¦¦ \ . •.'¦*'•.-;. ¦ -.'•¦. .•' •.¦¦'.' ... ' •':'"¦¦'¦' V' : ' ••' ¦'."-'/ ':¦ '•• .- ¦¦'¦ '.".'¦¦ ¦•'¦V:
• When progress was arrested the. wounded horse •:• was : facing .eastiivara;
Just the revarse of the direction in which it had been racing a few' seconds
before. " The engine!' smoking; like -n. volcano, -: was/ sending :. out. ¦.myriads -of .
sparks/ The : harness kept- the animal down on the pavement, for some
minutes. "VVhen it was*released a wound, several inches deep, was observ
able in Its groin and blood ran freely..- ./ ' ; . /. ... - .; : ' : ;:¦•"• ;'. " ¦/ I
.The engine was 6n the way to respond to an alarm of flretiirned in from
box 431 at the corner, of Sacramento and Cherry streets. ;• Close behind was
the. hose cart; also proceeding at high speed. Lieutenant: Brown was driv
ing. He managed to sheer out and went clear. \ , ).•'. '..'/ ' • ¦ : ;
'.District Engineer. Gus Ixnbrie, Driver Tim O'Brien and Fireman Tom Walsh
rwere on the engine. O'Brien's story of the mishap is that the engine bowled
from California street to Sacramento and then ran down the grade all right
untllthe lumber pile caused the. horse, which was green; to shy. / At the time
there was a car on. the Sacramento-street, line coming east and the , driver
turned to get by. • There was room enough had not the borse shied.- ./'¦'.' : -- : - ; .
¦•¦'The other horses managed to keep their feet and were, not injured.'- The
engine also escaped damage. ; . .'.. ; ¦'".' • ;-. >-; ...< /• •; '-..'(
'Many passers-by saw the whole affair and expected that the fireman: would
•bV- thrown off and dashed' to' death. . ; • •.> • • .':.;¦. ¦¦ ' ¦• ; ••.¦..•> •¦'. .
¦ •:!'.•*¦¦.'. • ¦ -. . ¦¦ '/ ' -' •"•¦•¦- '¦''. '¦'"¦¦¦/% •¦ / /'¦'¦¦':.¦¦".:' • ''].•¦. ¦¦/•'•
POLICE FORCE
WILL RETURN TO
OLD LOCALITY
Headquarters and Prison to
Be Located in Hall of .
¦ :¦¦•;'. i- !•••;• Justice. '/ 1.' : :'-.:
Changes In the . Personnel : : of . '. the
V Force . During, the Last Seven •.
:."-- ; V : : Years and : Innovations ' .-.*; ¦'::: .
... './.: : ' • litrodnced. ¦•:..•¦•:;• v ,
• .-¦;. :•'*£¦ : '•;"¦ :•'.: — ~r* — 7—. ••'¦'.• :'••" '••"'. =¦
: "From =' to-day . the ..police, headquarters
and the -City Prison will be. located at
the. Hall of Justice; which has been erect
ed 6n.:the site of thd .old City Hall; where
they -.were, established for spmany years.
:. : ¦ It Is 'exactly-- seven .years ago since !-the
old City Hall- was vacated and the head
quarters' and ./prison^ transferred to "the
/new" City. liall. During that time there
have teeen many, changes. In -the person
nel of- the department.' Prominent among
these -have been the retirment of Cnief
Crowley, by the recent retire
ment of Chief Lees, his successor, and the
, appointment of the present chief. Among
the changes in "captains were the retir«-;
ments of.- captain. Short, followed by his
deaths arid of. Captains. .Douglass and
Stone.- who '¦were succeeded by : Splllano,
Wlttman and Robinson, the last named
filially resigning. .Then the Mission .was.
/formed into a district and Sergeant Gil
len was- made a captain to take charge of
the district. After Robinson's resigna-;
tion John Seymour .was promoted ¦ cap
tain in his place, arid this, was followed
by hi3- appointment as, captain of detec
tives in succession to Ben Bohen, .who
was promoted to: the captaincy of de
tectives after the appointment of L«ees as
<Chief of Police, and retired. .The deaths
of Clerk Healoy and Property Clerk Cul
len, :who ranked as captains, have also
occurred, and the retirement of: Property
Clerk lloran, who succeeded Cullerii, has
taken plnce. '•' - : ¦ •'- •-..-¦ •:'.¦•'.' . '"i ¦''¦•"¦ '*.-.- ; 'V.--\
-.Five lieutenants were- created . by ordi
nance ' and .there have beep several
changes among them. .Lieutenant, Burke
was killed. Lieutenant /Nash died. Lieu
tenant Bennett retired and .Lieutenant
Hanna was discharged. -Their successors
were- Martin, : Anderson and ..Mponey.
Lieutenant Price succeeded Burke.vbut he
was disrated;- .'¦:.'-]'. ¦'¦¦'.:¦ ¦'¦./.' •'..'¦'. : '-. \: : -V.V.*; : i^-
One of the mpst Interesting features of
the period. slhc<6 the old hall was vacated
was the scandal in Chinatown when two.
detectives, three sergeants •.••and,'.twenty
two men were dismissed from:"the- force.
The .force has been increased.- but It is
not yet up to Us full strength.. Among
the other changes -have ..been the estab
lishment 01 a .shooting: rango and ..gym-,
nasium, . the . formation of a drum - corps
and a brass band arid last But pot /least
the/placing of white stripes -on trousers
and: service stripes on .the sleeves. ;. : :...
Among the prominent .prisoners In the
City: Prison during this period were Dur T '
rant, the murderer; Fredericks, the:mur
derer; Hnlt, the murderer: Becker,-Cre
gan and Dearie,' the- notorious bank ¦• forg
ers:'Joseph P.FrennaV who shot James
F. Turner: ¦Melville, the. defaulting bank
cashier, and ; many others, of minor; :im
portance.v.' 1 :¦¦ [¦ : 'Vi •' "'•-•¦-,- •'--' ¦ "••"-.' "¦'¦"¦ y'-\ •¦¦-•'
CITIZENS' REPUBLICAN *..-. ;. .: : . , .:
</¦ TO-NIGHT
Delegates /-Will Meet dt Sliiels Hall
. / and Put Full Anti-Boss Ticket
¦'.[ '.¦¦?:¦ ¦: ¦-.:;¦ .'in the Field. ¦•
The Citizens' Republican Judicial and
Legislative Convention will be heldl to
night In -mutual Hall, Shlels building. A
full ticket will be nominated.
A full complement of delegates has been
chosen. Every precinct In the city has a
club organization and will be represented
in the convention.
The Citizen Republicans will act with
the utmost independence and will present
an anti-boss ticket made up of candidates
not dominated by any Influence.
"W. S. Scott Is chairman of the Citizens'
Republican Primary Election .Committee
and Charles H. Forbes is secretary. The
credentials of delegates have been signed
by them. .¦
TRAGEDY IN LATIN QUARTER
RESULTS IN A BOY'S DEATH
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 1, 1900. i
10
GOLDBERG. BOWES ft CO'B SPECIAL 8AVI50 8ALB
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Vinegar-Jswragon 20c
Flavored:. with pure herbs free
V from mineral adds— -re^'Jy "25c bottla
¦ ; "Good vinegar** like tcU—<t little
''\^::U; suJfl&entX -\y :^: : -. ¦ ;; - ¦; "'-vV; :j>' : -"-
J Breakfastmush^|^2 5 c
•Steam cooked— clean and fresh-—
: • University brand ;
:: Shopping baskets— leather covered
¦ and decorated straw— satchel avd
¦¦_ : : ; valise shape . . : ' } ' . >:- • _- j
Sultana raisins— imported 15c ;
; Fancy Turkish frait— seedless— -.0.
• : reg'ly 25c lb ¦:¦"'¦¦'¦. •.;;.•;•.'• •¦•'-, ¦
... . :. End of the season price
Lemon extract— woz bottle 6oc
Vanilla extract-io oz bottle 65c
Pure — double strength —
ree'ly 75c «»nd 85c— G BdkCo
(You can buy some extracts for half
the money) ~^
PlCkleS—^n Money j O q
Gherkins— mixed— mango — pepper
— mango—reg'ly 40c pint bottle
Mining supplies— ranch orders foe
winter— all kinds of big orders at
wholesale prices— tcrite us for quota*
tions
Jams and jellies 15c
Preserved 2nd canssd at the orchard-
like home-made— reg'ly 20c 2 lb can
Fire clay baking dishes— German
earthevicare—^oc to $1 75
Bay rum— imported 30c
Gua-anteed pure— from St. Thomas
Islaid— reg'lyj5c bottle
/ Witty toasts
fcSoto easily when Vista del VaUe
vhite wine has been served at dinner
Qrmelsoap « x <
/Made in Palestine— soothing and
healing to the skin eruptions—
rich in olive oil— reg'ly % 1. 10 do*
Artichokes
serve teith omelet or at a mTcrd ¦
f delicious and dainty vegetable
• t ,. HP'* Ptat «urt
Hamamelis 15c 25c 40c
Extract of witch-hazel— heals
. hurts quickly— permanently
Aetna blacking is waterproof—*
¦try it on children's school shoe*
Face powder-French 400
. : ¦ j colors— Roger <fc GaUet— cttfly 5c*
Dresden China ramekins— *maU
,: .dishes for use in the culinary art
: 4 J* Pine *33 Softer j3co OllfcrnU San Prtaatcm
1 107J CUy b«tweta Eleventh «n4 Twtito Oiki*j*4
DR.MCNULTY:-
.1 Sp«KrlallstewrMBIood Polaoo, GonorrhtBa Oleet.
allied Disorders. Book on Diaeaaea oIllaii.frML
taUon freeandsacredly confldentkl Call or idOrtaj
M . f ir RO8COE MeXCtTY. M. D.
86 \j Kearny »fc» Ban Franeiaco. CmV
iflrt nuiftLsKH^-
eOLOBZSa. BOWKS * CO'8 SPECIAL SAVISU SALS
111; ; 113. il5. |li7. 119; 121 POST STREET,^
•'¦•¦V. NOT E-r-We \Myb also receiyedlarije shipments of
Irish and^German Huckahacks, Linen Shams, Sheets,
f Iilpw Cases and Plain and; FanGy Emhroldered Scarrs
and Sauares;; \ C:' : ¦- ,: : ¦•. ; : : . r^ fi ; -.:; ; b ;S^: '^MU'P '%% '¦
58-jnch Hand Loom gashed Tahle; Linen J' ¦ .500
. : ->': : •• i .* ; - • •*!;;•<••'.¦••:? > - • ."• • •:•'-•'•• • :•;•'.• •,*:•:•.•-• *-:-'-V-': : -;';. V«rel-.§
68-incn Bleached faWe Damask, 5 deslans^ : '¦
. ' .> ... .¦-•-".. . . .v;V .'.^.y.'. .'.V.-.;.yvV. ; v vV.v. : ¦¦" Vard v; :
69-lnch Satin Damask TaWe Linen, 9 de- $100
23-inch i Irish Damaisk Tahle Napkins^:^:
x .... . •¦•'•• •' • ;: : r ¦•"••.• •¦• ; r« '•:•". r"'-.Vi;' : >''-» '•¦•~i.«"?--'i'".«!« .- •-•: ; : : \ ; ; Dozen / :
24-inch Satin ;Flnish;Tahie^NaDkinsi^
;2|6-inGli;pouhle ; Damask German vllapklhs
19X38; Irish; Huck; : ;(J^^'C-ftino^:!a u i:^^^ip
: ; ; Hemmed^ . : > • 1 . ;; . > . ;.^ .v: : v . .;..;^. . : v v . ..;: ; Do*©n
22x4Q>; Hemmed^ and:- ;Hemstltctied: Irish
Huck Towels * ooxon
2Q140 Handvlopm K vDamask'Towels, Col-^3.00
-<pred 5 JBor deps .;. . v. § ; v ;. ;. vl :;. : i- i. v. ; . ;.•; . % \ ; ¦ :iooW«w i ;:
18-lnGh Holhd Made Irish^ Crash; Mafnani;^"i^^ci
TWilled Yard
24-inch Checked Glass Linen, Assorted 15c
Yard
Twilled ,:...,,¦:. ii- : xW&0z&SZi
'':vGhecks;; V^-.;;. ,. : ::.:;.. : . : ; .:.¦'.: ¦ i -.-; : ;:. : .;.-: ; ::.;;';;:;A':-:;v«irei: :
!8-j^Gli';EaDCB Linen Toweling, Plain anl; ; -, 150
partment this week,
LINEN DEP'T.
Big Sale*
Porcelain'' Ware. .
Flower Decorations. Gilt Handles.
Cream Pitcher !;.™-^.i6 cts "
Berry Saucer8.^.^,......i« ct» .
Cups and Saucers,..;.. i2# cts
Bowlav;...:.;.;. v ;....vl;;..;;i6cta
Plate* .. ...*e;;.,c.;..; ... 7 ctB
?? Piece nt mi er Set . . ... 94. 70^*"
100 piece Dinner Set;.:. 810.48
>::;OoId Tracings : > - ; ..:
Meat Dlsli .....;..;........i,»8 ctsi
Salad DIali......»^.:i..v..;a8 cts
8na:ar Bowl .,...^ ....;„.. 48 ct»
Mliuritcber :..;.:^.;--.«4ct«
Sauce Boat... ........ ..^...36 ct»
Plcfel« Dlsb ...«»..U.. ;..... 20 ct» ;
riate;:..-...... .;„.>;;.......;;.;. 8 cts
Cups and Saucers.. ...... 18 cts
4* Piece Dinner Set..*...* 3.2©
loo Piece Dinner Set... 911.75
We are Cutting: Prices
all ¦ to Pieces During Our
Big Clearance Sale.
Trapper's Oil core* rheumatism and neuralgia.
VrvtfiBtB, COc flask. ZUcbards * Co., V* Cla*
Great ImericsiilfflBBrtinE fea Gi
no Orant art., t)et Batter and Pott
-tfl Market it..* opd. Powell at. -;
11 Market »t.T Juno. California.
CUB BRANCH STORES BVEBTWBERBL
, Ladles' tailor-made ; suits, - ellk -skirts', : fur
capee; liberal credit. M. Rothschild. 526 Sutter. •
SbqVven
v Through this column we
; introduced the quality of,
i goods '*}. weV sell--they iwere
Ifs n«ot purclYased '.;f or this \ sale j
only-^but are selected from
our general stock
SPECIAL SAVING-SALE
[i A\onday Tuesday Wednesday
Altar candles _ . ¦ 30c
s .-/ 'X *.. , boxqf 6Ib 1 75
, Pure beeswax 124 and 6" to
. V. . the Ibr-reg'ly 45c lb $2 40 box :. .
; Butter-rsbiid ;packed \ 27 \Z
¦¦l-'i Gut full weight— W- :
."Packed in June when butter is best
.Chafing dishes $$ to
Also flagon — tray — fork and spoon —
• egg poacher — toaster— skimmer and
tray to complete the service
Coffee — Pasha blend 272C
A strong richly flavored coffee —
some prefer it to Java and Mocha— . •
reg!ly 35c lb
El Reposo
FullPerfecto size 12Jo— the biggest
and best cigar sold anywhere at the
price
Cheese — eastern }£ 17JC
From Herklmer Co— N Y— rich ' ; r
full cream— the kind for Welsh
rarebit— reg'ly zz\c lb
Recipe for making Welsh
rarebit — for the asking
Whisky— Sotch andlnsh D O L
KiUy Croy bot $1*/$. 85 /
Highland Club bot 1 8« /
Caledonian bot I 35 1 ic'
,. Highland Chib -gal 4 50 3 5J ¦:
High balls are 'made with, grod
.Scotch tchisky and plenty of teeter
Oysters— ourchoke^i ".'. 25c
:;¦ selected doz $2 75
. Bath-room aoce-ssorxes—hras^nickel
plated-r^pretty~-durable^usiful .
. R 1 C e— Carolina ;./. ¦• . ¦ 5 -ib carton 45C
" '. Creole. >v io-lb carton- 90C
•:. : .Large whole kernels— cooks dry •
and white— reg'ly ibc lb \ '
Fancy lacquered trays— for s o'clock
tea service— $ o'clock tea kettle* <u
weU ..'¦ -¦ .. ¦;.'- - V v • ¦• ..' : :••.= - ;
Gin— Booth's Old Tom qqc
The best made— reg'ly $r bottle'
Like a rich liqueur
'Lentils— German 3 lbs 25C
Cook and serve with boiled ham—
reg'ly i2}clb .
ilaka a good dish better .
; W'ln^spr Hotel, centrally, located, -3C5 Market,
cor. Fifth; $1 50 day up; rms. 50c up.- European.*
272C
Rfepresentiris: the Highest Ideals
In the Making of Clothes;
Built on swell lines of new and
Fashionable winter fabrics===» i !
Built with one purpose In view; and
That===to retain your permanent patronage.
That's our little speech this morning— about some very clever suits-—
some smartly tailored Overcoats— of men's winter fashions — seasons 1900-
1901— at ' ;
• NOT OPEN EVENINGS AFTER §
| O'CLOCK, |
THE FRISCO BOYS, -
Corner Kearny Street and Union=Square Avenue.
• KING-PINS FOR OVERCOATS.
A3> V JJLttTTK K M p ! M 'J^