SAX FRAXCISCO, TU ESP AY, DECEMBER 1 1, 190O.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXIX- NO. .11.
Late Prisoner of Filipinos Re
turns on the Hancock.
TERRIBLE TALE OF
CAPTAIN SHIELDS,
AN ARMY OFFICER
The captain says that few of the prison
ers escaped as luckily as he did. One man
who was captured was subjected to the
grossest cruel tie?, being bound on his
back and his nose and ears cut off and
eyes pulled from their sockets. Then he
was shot.
"A few days after I was taken prisoner
there was a clamor among the more ex
citable natives to have me put to death.
and for a week or more I did not value
my life at very much."
"They had me brought across the Island
to the west shore, and here I was allowed
to write' a letter to headquarters at
Santa' Cruz. General Hare replied, and
on the 14th of October the general reached
us in the gunboat Bennlngton, and the
next day we were sent to the Manila hos
pital.
VI was finally hustled away to 'a hut,
where theykept me for twelve days. Rice
was about all I had to eat. After the
twelve dayB I was forced to march, be
ing ., driven through dense thickets,
swamp's, rivers and Impenetrable Jungle?.
The other wounded were with me, and It
was terrible to see them suffer. Some
were barefoot and not a few had fe
vers which would; make the most hopeful
physicians look grave.
"Another fellow came up. loaded his
gun, aimed it at my head. and was about
to fire when . a hand ; pushed the barrel
away and I recognized my rescuer as a
sergeant ; in , the Insurgents' ranks whom
I had met at Santa Cruxi '.
"By this time the Filipinos were upon
us. One dirty fellow rushed up to me
and the. first thing he did was to remove
my cap, place It on his own head and
then jam his mud-besmeared straw hat
over my head. Maybe I wasn't mad.
Then he took my watch and chain and
everything In my pockets, and finally
tried to yank a couple of rings from my
fingers. They wouldn't come off, so he
whipped out an ugly looking knife and
was on the point of cutting off my fingers
when I managed to loosen the rings my
self. He. took them with a grunt and
hurried, off.
"Just as I -began to realize what had
happened one of the me.n who was carry
ing me -fell dead from a bullet wound. I
then saw it was useless for them to try
and save me, and I gave orders for. them
to hurry on and leave me with a hospital
corps van. After they had gone I ordered
a white flag to be hoisted, but It proved
a target for the Insurgents, who fairly
Iiitered it with bullets., .
over unconscious. I fell In about two feet
of mud and water, and It was the water
I believe that brought me quickly to my
senses. Two of my men had meantime
rigged a litter and were carrying me
along when I recovered consciousness.
BERLIN, Dec 10.— Field Marshal Count
von Waldersee telegraphed from Peking,
under date of Saturday. December 8, that
the two detachments of troops from
Tientsin, commanded by Colonel Lohr
scheldt and Major Falkenheyn. which had
been proceeding against a considerable
force of Chinese regulars who had taken
up a position Rt Tsangchou. nlnety-flvo
kilometers southward of Tientsin, have
occupied : the place without opposition.,
and that the . columns are returning to
Tientsin-
LONDON. Dec. 10. — A special dispatch
from Shanghai announces that LI Hun*
Chang's Manchu secretary, Yako, ha*
been arrested by order of Field Marshal
Co u tit von Waldersee on the charge o"^
communicating with the Boxers.
Lord Cranborne also said the replies of
the powers to the Invitations to adhere
to the Anglo-German agreement would ba
promptly ¦ presented to Parliament.
LI'S SECRETARY ARRESTED.
LONDON. Dec. 10.— In the House of
Commons to-day, replying to a question
on the subject, the Under Secretary of
the Foreign Office, Lord Cranborne, said
the Government had been notified that
present disposition of the troops of the
allies on the Shanhaikwan Railway was
of purely temporary character^ The Gov
ernment, he added, was watching Brit
ish Interests.
This clearly denned defeat Is especially
bitter here, because Emperor William hail
set his heart on Imposing the most hu
miliating conditions upon the Chinese.
and thus emphasizing Germany's power In
their eyes.
BERLIN, Dec. 19.— It is now dawning
upon the German press and public that
Mr. Hay. the American Secretary of
State, has secured an out and out diplo
matic victory In compelling the powers.
Germany included, to yield to his argu
ments In favor of more moderate terms
In the preliminary Joint note to the Chi
nese peace plenipotentiaries.
Pleasant to the Kaiser.
Germany's D;feat in China Is Not
It Is said that Chaffee's conduct in In
dependently barring to looters the gates
defended by American troops is certainly
within his rights and in line 'with his
Instructions to preserve his rights to In
dependent action.
HAY'S DIPLOMATIC VICTORY.
commanding the American expedition In
a technical way as part of the whole al
lied army, and only when a combined
movement vas on foot.~%\
.At the time of Count von Waldersee'a
selection by the 4 German Government and
his acceptance by the United States Gov
ernment, Secretary Root, In explaining
this Government's action, said, while this
Government ¦ was willing Count von Wal
dersee should act as the general com
manding the allied forces. Chaffee would,
under instructions from the War Depart
ment, reserve the right to command hla
own men, and Count von Waldersee
would not have any authority over the
American soldiers lr%camp or as a
separate military organization. It was
made plain he was to be recognized as
¦ In secret Instructions sent Chaff^e July
19, by cable to Nagasaki, Chaffee was
told to '"'confer freely with the command
ers of other national forues. act concur
rently with them, seek entire harmony of
action along lines similar In purpose and
interest. There- should be full conferences
as to operations before they are entered
upon. You are at liberty to agree with
them from time to time as to the com-"
mon official direction of various forces In
thflr combined operations, preserving,
however, the Integrity of your own Amer
ican division, ready to be used as a
separate and complete organization."
"You will, however, avoid entering Into
any . joint action or understanding with
other powers tending to commit or limit
this Government as to Its future coarse of
conduct."
CALL. BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, N.
TV.. WASHINGTON*. Dec. 10.— War De
partment officials express no surprise over
the report from Peking that General
Chaffee has incurred the displeasure of
Count von Waldersee because of his let
ter protesting against looting. Chaffee'3
Independent action In preventing looters
from passing through gates guarded by
American troops Is apparently In con
formity with instructions from the Secre
tary of War. It appears from the dis
patch from Peking that exception was
taken to his acting Independently In the
matter and without the approval of Von
Waldersee. While official* decline to be
interviewed they point to Chaffee's In
structions as a vindication of his con
duct. In a dispatch to Chaffee dated June
30 he was directed by the Secretary of
War as follows:
»
Commander of the United States Tnnps
Is Upheld in the Stand taken
by Him.
PRESERVES INDEPENDENT ACTION
Letter Protesting Against
Looting Incurs Count's
Displeasure. ,
American General
Acts According to
Instructions.
CHAFFEE'S
CLASH WITH
WALDERSEE
'.'.. Continued on Page Two
THE HAGUE, DeoMO.— The Portuguese
Minister to The Netherlands, Count de
Selir, has started for EJsbon, and ' the
Dutch Minister ' to Portugal, Baron von
Heckeren, Is expected here .from- Lisbon'
this evening. Count Van/ Balynt^ In. tne
Second Chamber to-day, notified the For
eign Minister that he would "j interpeliate
the Government £o-morrow on the, tension
between The Netherlands' and Portugal; *
He Will Interpellate on the
Existing Tension.
Count Van Balynt Gives Notice That
POBTTJGTTESE MTKnSTEB,
I.EAVES FOB, LISBON
"Vacancies were nearly all filled up on
the Chicago division yesterday," said he.
"Som« of the men who Went out are al
ready .wanting to be takenback into the
service ' of the company, but their request
will not' be granted. 4 President J RIpley : Is
very firm - on ¦ that Doint. As , far . as the
operation of trains Is > concerned, we are
keeping them right up to the schedule. In
effect V I will say that the strike" is over.
Freight trains are -all running as usual.
We are taking all ; the ; business . we ,; can
get, ; and are handling i it In usual or
der." . : - , ' :
C. G. Sholes. : superintendent of ! tcle
graph, : : says' he is receiving numerous ap-.
'plications-'} from outside telegraphers .->;' for
posltlons > ln v answer ; tb advertisements^ he
has Inserted- In all Uhe -leading dally, pa {
pers.", * v He " anticipates ¦; little 2 trouble ; In
filling all the places he has under, his con
trol."- In' common- with 'the other /officials,
;¦-¦- >¦-.. ¦' . ,- ¦ ¦' . . . - ¦ i" J— /¦ i .
Mr. Resseguie said that the defections
of - .1 the : operators seem", to have been
strongest on the Oklahoma and Western
divisions.
of the day side by sido In the. telegraphic
department of the general " office perform
ing the •work of telegraph operators.
:*. Sending BwSpurlous" Telegram.
WICHITA, Kan., Dec. lO.-Chalrman
.James W. Newinan, nf the Santa Fe sys
tem dU-lsion. O.R. T.; made' the following
statement to-night: lsM»yi
""The situation on the Santa Fe, so far
Says; Santa Fe Officials Resort to
Mr. Sholes Is ¦ profuse In his assurances
'that the strike Is at an end.
The officials are all of one opinion that
the strike is ended in most places, but
cannot explain the absence of men from
the office here. Not one of the Topeka
operators has returned to work, -and
from reports- received from over the di
vision the strikers here seem to think
they have gained the day. .
Opinions as to the duration of the strike
differ. . The men think they will win. but
they are afraid It will. take them a Ion;?
time. The officers of the road will set no
time for the operations of the road to r*-
I'turn to their normal condition.
NEWMAN CHABOES FOEGEBY.
The eerlous question tben presents Itself as
t-> Trtiether or not the petitioner' ¦ marriatre at
Reno tu vaJlfl by the lawa of Nevada.
Th* statutory law of the latter State regard
\v.% the subject of marriage is In part to the
, rrr-r* that ••marrlas* eo far ae Its validity In
law is concerned le a civil contract, to which
the ecnfer.t of the parties capable lr. law of
contracting 1« essential," ana that "all per
prmB • * • not having a husband • •
Jiving may be Joined In marriage," and that
'¦all marrUses wfclcn are prohibited by law on
sccmint of * * havinx a former husband
• • then living shall. If solemnized within
ihl« Territory, b* absolutely void without
«ny decree of divorce or other legal proceed
ir*."
The Civil Code of our Btate declares that
marrtajre is "a personal relation arising out of
* civil contract to which the consent of parties
capable of making It U necessary." • •
unfl that a. subsequent marrtase Is illegal and
voi4 from the beginning unless the former
marrta** ha* been annulled or dissolved: pro
vided • • th»t the decree of divorce must
have been rendered at least one year prior to
tuch subsequent marriage, and that "the ef
fect of a Judctnent decreeing a divorce is to
rerrore the. parties to the Btate of unmarried
person*."
Contention of the Opposition.
It Is contended In opposition to the petition
for an «Uowa.noe thai In the eye of the law.Jn
X-va/ia bm well as tn California the petitioner
huJ a huEband living on January.!. IS 9 '. * nd '
therefore, that the so-called Reno marriage
vas Invalid !n h^h Ftate*. I&9B
In rupport of this contention It is urped
first, that the divorce decree of Auftwt 19. 1891,
<!id not become final and conclusive ai to the
, n atrtmonlal relations of the parties until after
il'etiUoner'ii mania** to decedent, for the rea
">n that the t!m* within which th* petitioner's
f'tmer husband mlrht appeal from said decree
bad not then expired, and consequently that
th« betitloner was not tb«n legally entitled t*
the right* of an unmarried woman. In other
•" '¦ «fc«* *fc» w«* not then «a unmarried
lllHTlw—iiiMi—iiu ii m i > ¦AnnMl—nii m i ¦• -
Validity of Reno Marriage.
On Aucust 19. 1?37. the claimant secured
« divorce from Robert B. Smith. In the
following December she and the deceased
<V-j>art»»d from this State for the sole pur
pose of intermarrying at Reno, Nevada.
Thr-re thry procured a license and on Jan
uary 1. JW. "submitted to the formalities
and to the ceremony of marriage as re
quired by the statutes of the sagebrush
Ptr.te." They returned to this city, where
thoy took up their residence as man and
wlf«- and continued that relationship up
to the time of Joseph M. Wood's death.
At a recent date Mrs. Wood made an ap
plication for a family allowance pending
the distribution of decedent's estate In
accordance with the terms of his will,
under which she was named as benefici
ary- Her petition has been denied for
the reasons expressed in the court's opin
ion. After quoting the law of this State
prohibiting divorcees from remarrying
vlthln one year from the date of the de
cree secured. Judge Troutt says:
History of the Case,
the limits of this State within one year
from the divorce of either or both parties
was valid and. binding; that the laws of
this State recognize as legal and binding
eny marriage solemnized in accordance
with the laws of other State?, and that
the laws of this State could in no way
regulate those of other States regarding
tbe marriage contract. Judge Hebbard is
supported in his opinion by that of Judge
Smith of Santa Cruz, and hence the final
d*>cree o? the Supreme Court will be
awsited with Internet.
"Now I teke It that the dear intention
of the Legislature was that the divorced
parties could not remarry within the year,
In this State, and nothing whatever^ was
cald as to marriages outside of the State,
and the laws of Nevada likewise have; no
mention of the- remarriage of divorced
persons, divorced either in that State ' or
elsewhere ;.'_ . . •?,
"The gist of Judge Troutt's decision
made to-day is that the amendment to
section €1 of the Civil Code, which makes
the proviso of one year as to remarriage
of divorced persons, really means that the
divorced parties are not capable of remar
rying anywhere. ' . . . , ¦
"Judge Hebbard, In the Adler case, re
cently decided that 'Nevada marriages'
were Illegal, and while It may have .been
the Intention of the California Legislature
to prevent divorced persons remarrying
within a year, still the amendment cov
ering that wos not properly drawn. Judge
Lucas F. Smith of Santa Cruz decided
the first of the 'Nevada marriages' to be
perfectly legal, an«l he recently wrote'me
that he felt sure the Supreme Court
would uphold the legality of the cere- 1
monies.
"Judge Troutt has reversed himself in
this very case, and I am sure his decision
of to-day will not hold.
Attorney Timothy J. Lyons, who rep
resents Mrs. Wood, announced after read
ing Judge Troutt'B; decision that he al
ready had an appeal from Judge Belcher's
decision pending before the. Supreme
Court and would . «mmediately take the
same course In the action decided by
Judge Troutt. He said:
Attorney Lyons' Statement.
For the reasons stated it Is my conclusion
that the marriage, ought not to be recognized
by this court as valid. Accordingly the appli
cation for a monthly allowance out of this es
tate to petitioner as the widow cf decedent' <s
denied.
It I? to be presumed that very, few persons
have violated the provisions of our Civil Code
since Us amendment in 1S97. But If there are
pome who have disregarded Its reasonable pro
visions It i» to be presumed ,that they have
made amends by contracting lawful marriage
at the earliest time possible. If children have
been born to parties to cucli unlawful mar
riageg they will not Buffer, for if their parents
should fall to right the -apparent wrong done
try them by contracting a lawful marriage, the
law by Its beneflcence has protected them by
providing that "the issue of all marriages nuil
In law, dissolved by divorce, are legitimate."
Few Persons Violated Law.
In IMS the" Supreme Court of Pennsylvania
Kaid:. '•Ttea-e- is no question as to the peneral
rule that a marriage which is valid by the law
of the place where it is solemnized is valid
everywhere. • • But where a man and wo
man, citizens of the same State and subject to
an absolute statutory prohibition agalnfit en
tering Into a marriage contract which Is
againRt g-ood morals and contrary to public
policy leave their domicile and enter into another
State for. the express purpose of violating the
law nrf their domicile In this respect, the case
if highly exceptional and the great weight of
authority is against .the validity of such a
marriage In the place of their domicile. There
have been conflicting decisions upon this ques
tion, but very few of them sustain the validity
of • the relation when It has been assumed for
an Intended evasion cf the law of the domicile
and is contrary to good morals. The fact of
such intended evasion hae been repeatedly
recoCTiizfHi as the basis of invalidity when
otherwise validity would have been declared."
Cannot Evade Home Laws.
woman • with the capacity to contract a
riage with the deceased.
ABBIE ROSE WOOD AND JUDGE TROUTT. HER CLAIM FOR ALLOW
ANCE FROM THE ESTATE OF THE MAN SHE MARRIED IN NEVA
DA HAS BEEN DENIED BY THE JURIST.
. . . . '
TWICE wounded, a prisoner for
thirty-one days, nearly starved
and subjected to mental and phy
sical tortures that only barba
rians are capable of Inflicting,
Captain Devereux Shields lives to tell of
his terrible experience at the hands of the
Filipinos. The captain "arrived In this"
city on the. transport Hancock yesterday
and la now at the Occidental.
With his head swathed In bandages and
his hearing partly gone, as a' result "of a
painful bullet wound, he sat nervously in
his room last evening and related the
story of his thrilling adventures in the
Philippines— a story that reads more like
fiction than, cold truth. .
Captain Shields was attached to the
Twenty-ninth Infantry Regiment. His
exciting times began on September 11,
when he left Santa Cruz on board the
transport* Villa Labos for ' Torrijos. a
small town on the east side of the island.
He had with him a detachment of fifty
two men. They embarked at Torrijos
without opposition.' The next morning
they came across a Filipino garrison a
few miles from the town." The Americans
drove off the sixty Filipinos who were
behind the earthworks after several
hours' fighting. The fort was then de
stroyed and the men returned to Torrijos.
The following day — a .memorable " thir
teenth—the detachment started' back, to
Santa-Cruz, the intention being. to make
the bulk of the Journey afoot and inci
dentally "pick off" stray Filipinos.. /What
happened on that journey, which was
never completed,' is best told in the cap
tain's own words:
"We had gone but a short distance,'.'
said he, "when suddenly, a shower of bul
lets fell around us, and simultaneously
our scouts came running up with the In
formation that a large force of Insur
gents were on the cliff just above us.
Further explanation was not needed, for a
second, quickly followed by a third . and
fourth volley of shots came whizzing into
our midst- The Filipinos were in suclra
position that It was useless for us to an
swer the attack from our position, so I
gave orders to retreat.
Meanwhile four of our little band had
been killed and- eeveral others were
wounded. There must have been 250 in
surgents and they fired' from a distance
of less than 300 yards. As: we retreated
a bullet struck me in the left shoulder.
We made for a skirt of woods some four
miles off, and this is all that saved us
from complete annihilation. As we
crossed a rice field the Insurgents, who
had all along been three-quarters of the
way around us, closed in. I then had only
thlrty-f our t effective men, but resolved to
make a final desperate struggle, when a
mauser penetrated my neck and I toppled
THE WOUNDED OFFICER AS HE LOOKED IN HIS ROOM AT THE OC
CIDENTAL LAST NIGHT. WHILE RELATING HIS AWFUL EXPE
RIENCE IN THE PHILIPPINES. ££& ' Z
Mr. and Mrs. Westel have taken up
their residence in a flat at 26, Grove street,
where they intend to reside as long as
they remain In San Francisco. Wessel Is
a native of Los Angeles and, a prosperous
business man.' He. is well known frater
nally and is a member of several shoot
ing clubs'
The love which had been smoldering
all these years asserted Itself and after
a few weeks* courtship Mrs. Proll con
sented to go to Reno.
¦ Wessel and Mrs. Wessel met each other
several years ago in New York", where
the latter was a recent arrival from
Hanover. " Then Wessel came West and
his sweetheart remained in New York.
Wessel came to San Francisco and settled.
After a time he married and it was many
years before he and his first love, who
had -remained' in New York and had mar
ried a man named Proll, met again. When
they did It was In this city and Wessel
was suing for a divorce and Mrs. Proll
was a .widow.
A Reno marriage with a romance be
hind it Is that of Mr. and Mrs. Hermann
Wessel, which took place in Nevada on
Wednesday last at noon. Love laughs at
locksmiths and takes email stock in legal
decisions which affect It. Judge Belcher's
ruling on the legality of Reno marriages
made no difference to the two ardent
lovers ' who . had waited long for each
other. /Wessel had but recently been
through the divorce mill and a year must
elapse before he would be able to marry
again according to California laws and
so the couple went to Reno.
Could Not Wait a Whole
Year. £•?
An Impatient Pair of Lovers Who
"No question of compromise has ever
been mentioned to me, -¦ and « if it had I
might have listened to it. As I am not re
ceiving a single cent from my husband's
estate I propose to fight to the end for my
legal rights."
WED IN RENO DESPITE
ADVERSE DECISION
"I Intend to fight for my rights, and will
not be satisfied until I have the decision
of the court of last resort. I suppose that
I am not the only one Interested in tnia
decision, and while it may be law it is not
justice. I was legally married i to Mr.
Wood, and but for the facts that the chil
dren by his former marriage were op
posed to the marriage and that the value
of the estate is large, I would not have
had this trouble.
Mrs. Wood was seen at her residence
last evening, and in reference to the de
cision said: • .
Attorney Lyons and his client pin their
faith upon this decision, and the outcome
of the case will be watched with interest
by all who have visited the "Gretna
Green" of the Sagebrush State In , the
last three years, and whose names figured
in divorce proceedings in this State dur
ing the year preceding the marriage
across the border.
Mrs. 'Wood Will Fight.
"Associate Justice Gray of the United
State? Supreme Court, who is looked upon
os the highest authority upon the com
plex marriage laws of the country, ren
dered a most important decision when he
was Chief Justice of the Supreme Court
of Massachusetts, which has a vital bear
ing on the 'Nevada marriages.' He held
that a marriage which was prohibited
in Massachusetts by statute, because con
trary to the policy of the State law, was
yet valid "'.f celebrated elsewhere accord
ing- to the lawn of the State in which the
ceremony was performed, even if the par
ties were citizens and residents of Mas
sachusetts and went abroad for the pur
pose of evading the home law?, unless the
Legislature had clearly enacted that such
marriages out of the State were invalid
in the State."
UPER1OR JUDGE TROUTT has
!W - I,. added the weight of his opinion
-* 1 to those decreeing all marriages
entered Into by divorced parties
within one year from the date of
their legal separation null and void. An
order of the court, accompanied by an
opinion, was made yesterday denying the
I«etition of Abbie Rose Wood for a family
allowance from the estate of the late Jo
t-eph M. Wood. The order was made on
the ground that the marriage of the Claim
ant to the deceased, which was solemn
ized in Nevada within one year from the
«Iate of Mrs. Wood's divorce from a for
mer husband, was illegal and could not
be recognized as valid by the court.
Judp-e Troutt's opinion affirms that
handed down by Judge Belcher in the
action by which Mrs. Wood sought to re
cover on a prenuptial contract entered
into between herself and her deceased
hushand. On the other hand. Judge Heb
bard of the Superior Court, in a case in
which the same issues were involved,
held that marfiaRes entered into without
Judge Troutt Holds Abbie Rose Wood's Claim
to Widowhood Unsupported by Law.
"I never say^ such, a flrzle of a strike in
all my, experience," ; General Superinten
dent Resseguie stopped ( long enough from
his work at' the. key ..to. remark. He and
General l Manager* Mud ge have spent ; moat
"We have word that on ; the California
lines the, operators are back to- work. On
the Southern /California, and ; San Joaquim
Valley there are none out.- They went out
when" the ordsr ! to '¦¦ strike "was sent,';, but
came back shortly, afterward. They have
no grievance, and are under contract. . On
the Santa Fe Pacific there ~ are about fifty
operators out, * is- four .information." 'One
hundred and twenty-three men went out
on {the'' Gulf -line in the > original- strike,
which was ; the whole- number, employed "
"If the operators had succeeded in ty
ing up the system' and prevented the
operation of trains we would have > had
nothing for the men in the shops to do.
As It Is, with our trains ' running ¦ very
close to schedule: and 'no practical In
terruption-to our business, there will be
the regular work \ to do, and no reason
why.lt Bhould not be done.
"The strike amounts to so little and the
situation Is so favorable that to shut
down ' the shops is - not necessary- I . told
Mr. Sanderson , that such 'was the case,
and it was decided to' open the shops as
usual. Mr. Sanderson sent for the men
in order to have a full force on hand in
the morning. Mr. Storey, -the chief en
gineer, had also suspended some -work
under his Jurisdiction. He recalled hi*
men also. These orders were not drafted,
I gave them verbally. .
General Manager Mudge professes to Do
sanguine that the strike is at an end, and
talks *as follows regarding the revocation
of the order for dosing the shops:
The men In ; the Santa I*e shops here
went to work as usual this morning. ' An
order had been Issued closing the shops as
a result of the strike. The officials later
decided It to' be madness for the shops to
be kept closed, as they think the strike
will be of small proportions.
TOPEKA, Kan..' Dec. 10.— The officials of
the Santa Fe give out the statement to
night that the strike of the telegraph
operators is practically over. The oper
ators themselves continue in the belief
that their case is a winning one, and say
the prospects look better now than th-jy
have been any time yet.
raphers Have Lost.
Santa Fe Officials Confident the Teleg-
SAY THE STRIKE IS OVER.
Three pickets stationed at the foot of
the elevator of the Great Northern build
ing to-day were thrown out by Detectives
Smith ai;d Cummlngs of the Pinkerton
agency after a* couple of wordy quarrels.
Smith told the three men that they must
not interfere with men going up to the
Santa Fe Company's offices.
The pickets said they had as good "a
right to be where -they were as did the de
tectives. Smith thereupon sent up for his
partner and the two shoved the pickets
Into the street. The pickets had resorted
only to the buttonholing process to keep
operators from hiring to the company.
"We have no quarrel with the organiza
tion known -is the Order, of Railway
Telegraphers. Our fight is with the indi
viduals who went out. Seventy-five per
cent of the men who refused to strike
were members of the Order, and these will
be, retained and promoted. Those who
struck will not be re-engaged,' although
some who went back to work Immediately
will be retained."
"We have all the men we want west of
Albuquerque, hut are short from 2i>0 to 300
men on the Hn<.'S east of that point. We
have been hunting men all day, and at the
present rate will have a full complement
within three davs. The train due here at
9:30 a. m. to-dav was the only train that
was late, and that but twenty minutes.
On the average our passenger trains have
reached Chicago as nearly on time as
though there were no strike. We are ac
cepting all freight offered and are mov
ing most of it. Fruit shippers have been
notified of our ability to handle shipments
up to the capacity of our equipment. All
of the" Important offices have been filled,
and all through husini-jsa is being handled
by orders from these points.
Third Vice President Barr of the Santa
Fe system, the official most active in ad
justing the operation of the road during
the strike of the operators, made the fol
lowing statement to-night:
CHICAGO, Dec. 10.— Officials of the San
ta Fe system claim that the telegraph
strike on their lines is practically over,
and point to the fact that almost without
exception their passenger trains were on
time to-day and that freight was being
handled in volume as great as before the
strike was inaugurated.
« . .
Charge of Forgery Made Againit
Railroad Management 'in Their
Fight to Keep Men at Work.
FRAUDULENT TELEGRAM IS SENT
Passenger Trains Run on
Time and Freight Is
Handled.
Officials Say Strike
of Telegraphers
VICTORY IS
CLAIMED BY
SANTA FE
ANOTHER BLOW IS STRUCK
BY COURT
AT THE NEVADA WEDDINGS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.Following s this episode Vouraky's cred
itors began to make It very uncomfortable
for him and he was finally forced to hand
in his resignation.:- • • —-.:-
Vouraky tendered. ¦ his ' resignation as a
member of the San* Francisco Police De
partment In September, 189S. -Just prior
to his resignation Vouraky waa before the
commissioners, charged with conduct un
becoming an officer. The evidence showed
that be and his wife had boarded a street
car Intending to po to- Golden Gate Park.
Vouraky . tendered v the conductor a ten
cent piece.^and, not' knowing he was a
policeman, the conductor rang up two
fares. Because he failed to receive a
nickel back Vouraky proceeded to call the
conductor to : an . account. Later the offi
cer complained to the superintendent." who
rather • coldly informed -. him : that if - he
.wanted his nickel back ;he would have
to sue the company for It. . The officer de
part«»d.: af ter - vowing- > vengeance ; against
.tho ¦ superintendent -_¦ and • . everybody con
nected with, the road.
DENVER, Dec. 10.— Panay «G. Vouro
Vouraky, who says he is the son and
heir of one of the hereditary chieftains
of Crete, was married her© to-day, to Mrs.
Effle Cook, granddaughter of the late Col
onel McMartin of the British army. The
bride was divorced by her first husband,
Frank G. Cook,- a Denver druggist, and
this is Vouraky's third marriage. His first
wife, by whom he has a daughter, was a
Greek. She is dead. His second wife,
who secured a divorce and custody Of
their daughter. Is now In San Francisco.
She is the daughter of William Doxey of
that city, publisher of The Lark. Vou
raky says he Is a marvelous linguist,
taught Oriental languages in the Univer
sity of Western Pennsyslvanla, Pittsburg.
and at Tulane University,- New Orleans,
and fought under General Lord-Wolseley
in the Soudan and in the Cretan, war.
After his marriage to Miss Doxey he says
he became a policeman In San Francisco,
but his proud spirit could not brook the
discipline, and he resigned. .. ,
With ; Detective Ed Gibson he says h«
arrested Theodore Durrant, the murderer.
He has a letter from Chief Justice Beatty
of the California Supreme Court praising
him for hls i services in translating from
the ancient Basque tongue a document
: important in. a suit before that court.
After leaving the police force he became
an inspector in the Immigration Bureau
in New York, and then entered the United
States service at Pueblo, Colo. He killed
a counterfeiter who . resisted arrest. He
worked in San Francisco until about -five
months ago, when he was sent to Dawson
City, Alaska, to break up a gang of coun
terfeiters. He returned to San Francisco
three months ago; bringing two prison
ers, having i accomplished his mission;
then he resigned and came to | Colorado.
Now he says he will go back to,Crete.
Special IMspatch to The Call.
Claims to Be Cretan
Prince and Tells a
Romantic Story.
VOURAKY, FORMER
POLICEMAN, TAKES
WIFE AT DENVER
LIVERPOOL. Dec. 10.— The pro-Boer
meeting called for this evening:, at which
Miss Maud Gonne was to preside, was
prohibited by the police. Despite the
warning, however, she endeavored to ad
dress an open air assemblage In the IrUh
quarter of the city, but the police Inter
fered and dispersed the gathering.
City of Ogden Wins.
OGDEN, Utah. Dec. 10.— S. B. L«w1«.
Special Master In Chancery In the case of
Ogden City vs. Ogden City "Waterworks
Company, to-day filed his report, finding
that Ogden City has damages against the
company In the sum of $311,000.
Pro-Boer Meeting Prohibited.
amendments will probably be made to the
army reorganization bill before It passes
the "Senate. The majority of the Senate
Committee on Military Affairs Is under
stood to. be in favor of the bill as a
whole. ! • •
The provision abolishing th© sale of
wine and beer In post canteens will meet
with rtrong opposition In the Senate, and
it is expected it will be defeated. There
is also considerable opposition to the pro
visions for a corps of veterinary Bur
geons and dental surgeons. Changes in
detaUs in the proposed staff reorganiza
tion will be attempted, but it Is probabls
this feature of the bill will remain prac
tically as fixed by the House.
Provision Abolishing the Canteen Is
Unpopular in the
;}.,>, - Senate.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 10.— Important
IMPORTANT AMENDMENTS
IN THE ARMY, BILL
FTJBTHEB, REDUCTION OF
WAR REVENUE URGED
Minority of the Ways and Means
Committee Has Completed
Its Report.
WASHINGTON. Dec !«.— The minority
members of the Ways and Means Com
mittee have completed their report on the
revenue reduction bill. It urges a reduc
tion of the revenues of about $70,000,000 or
about $30,000,000 more than that proposed
by the majority of the committee. It
also proposes an Income tax with a view
of again bringing the subject in modified
form before the United States Supreme
Court for final adjudication. When the
bill Is taken up by the House, the ex
pectation Is to move that the measure
be recommitted to the committee to maice
the changes suggested. The programme of
debate- contemplates an opening speech
by Chairman Payne to-morrow and on*
In behalf of the minority by Representa
tive Richardson of Tennessee on
Wednesday, but owing to the Washington
centennial exercls'es the debate may go
over until Thursday.
DINNER TO OFFICERS
OF BATTLESHIP KENTUCKY
Griscom and Chester Are Received in
Private Audience by. the
Sultan.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Dec. Id— A dinner
was given at the Ylldlz Palace to-night in
honor of the officers of the United States
battleship Kentucky, now at Smyrna, pre
vious to which the United States Charge
d' Affaires, Lloyd C. Griscom," Introduced
the officers to the Sultan. ¦ •
The Grand Vizier and other dignitaries
werepresent at the dinner. Subsequently
Mr. Griscom and Captain Colby M. Ches
ter were received in private audience by
the-Sultan, who afterward received the
other officers and addressed . to them a
few gracious words.
It Is understood that the division officers;
have ; been in communication with: the.
head officials of the Santa Fe with regard
to using telephones in train dispatching
hereafter Instead of the telegraph in case
the men strike.- ?-.". • -. , -
FRESNO, Dec. 10.— J. W. Hays, who
been in the valley and at Fresno for
some days acting as agent for, the Order
of Railway Telegraphers, . claims , to-night
tlwit 75 per cent of the forty-three oper
ators In the valley have quit work. The
operators at the- division / headquarters,
who are still at work, claim that less than
a' dozen have struck.
Valley Problematical.
Number of Strikers in San Joaquin
CONFLICTING STORIES TOLD.
Mr. Rogers claims an ultimatum was
to-day dispatched to Vice President Barr
giving warning that unless the operators'
demands were acceded to all trainmen
would walk out within forty-eight hours.
General Manager Nevin «aya he has not
beard of any. such message. -
.."Something will drop -within two days,"
said Mr. Tlogers, "and the Idle statements
of ! the Santa Fe people will , be fully ex
posed." . '
LOS ANGELES, Dec 10.— A report was
current in this city late to-night that all
of the operators on th» San Joaquln divi
sion of the Santa Fe left their keys at 11
o'clock to-night.
_ Statements by local , Santa. Ke officials
nnd the striking telegraphers in this city
to-day wore widely divergent as to the
status of the strike. Railroad officials
claim that only six men left their keys
on the ¦ Ban Joaauln division, and - theso
were taken back to-day upon making ap
plication for reinstatement. According to
the officials, the men claimed that the sit
uation had been grossly misrepresented
to them when they walked out.
On the other hand, General Chairman
D. G. Rogers of the local order of Rail
way Telegraphers said early in the even
ing that two-thirda of ¦ the operators on
that division were out to-day and the re
mainder would stop work late to-night.
The Santa Fe overland arrived from
Chicago on time this morning and other
trains have arrived and departed regu
larly. General Manager Nevln. said to
night that the strike had Inconvenienced
the road only in that it had alarmed timjd
travelers. He said the statement that
freight trains were tangled up was abso
lutely untrue.
"To-night there are four offices In South
ern California— Mentone, Lordsburg, Rlal
to and West Cucamonga — and four on the
Santa Fe Pacific where the operators are
out, and men are on the way now to
take their places," ho said. "By morning
there will be an operator at every Instru
ment west of Albuquerque." ' .
In direct contradiction, Mr. Rogers says
conditions are more encouraging ; to the
operators than at any time since the
strike began. • « .
Have Left Their Keys.
JOIN THE STRIKERS' RANKS.
All San Joaquin Operators Said ¦ to
cs the telegraphers arc concerned, is ex
cellent. The forged telegram sent over
the line by the officials to-day In a vain
effort to set tho men back has done us
very little or.no damage, as only a few re
sumed work, but we have, and are still,
making every possible effort to reach all
and tel! them that It is a forgery, and as
soon as they learn of the contemptible
trick played upon them by the officials
they will go out and stay until ordeied
back by their local chairman, who will
be notified by me when the strike is off.
and another fake of this character will
be impossible. We expect to have fifty
per cent of those now working out within
the next twenty-four hours, and before,
the end of the week no one will be work
ing except the officials, and they will be
unable to get trains over the road. There
has been no change since this morning,
except we have been able to Induce some
of those working to quit.
"The statement sent out by the officials
that no strikers would be re-employed ia
of no force or consequence, for there ara
not enough idle telegraphers in the coun
try to fill our places, and the company
will be compelled to take them all back,
win or lose, and they know and realize
this, and their action In sending out the
forged telegram in a vain endeavor to get
the boys back and taking them back
wherever the scheme worked shows that
they are not honest in this statement.
That they. are- in the last-ditch, and are
making desperate efforts to keep the
trains moving is evidenced by their resort
to forgery and in the use of officials to
fill vacant offices. -We are using every
honorable means, and will resort to no
underhand work or disreputable methods
to win the strike.
"It is well that the' general public know
at this time that the Santa Fe Railroad
is now running its trams by the red
boards, which are the signals for train
orders without stopping for either a safe
ty, clearance or orders. This is a very
dangerous proceeding, and ¦will sooner or
later end In disaster."
NEW TORK, Dec. 10.— The American
School of Classical Studies in Rome has
just finished its fifth and most prosperous
year of active work. Last year there
were fourteen students, including several
college Instructors, while the prwsent year
opens with an attendance of about thirty.
The following colleges were represented:
Yale, Harvard, Princeton. Cornell, Uni
versity "of Chicago, University of Michi
gan, Leland Stanford Jr., Wellesley, Bar
nard, University of Wisconsin and Wash
ington University, St. Louis. The object
of the school is to advance the* study of
classical literature in its relation to the
history of classical, Etruscan and Italian
art and archeology.
The work this year will be directed by
Richard Norton, who has been on the field
several years and whose specialty Is the
work on sites and museums; Professor
Francis A. Kelsey, who Is well known for
hl8 translation of Dr. Man's book on
Pompeii, will be - the other instructor.
Profeesor Kelsey is preparing a book on
Roman architecture.
On account of prohibitive measures
taken by the Italian Government, no ex
cavations have been made by the school
since its first year, when some work was
done on the site of the old Latin town o£
Norba, near : Rome. The school, how
ever, alms to encourage and assist or
iginal research and exploration and co
operates as far as possible with the Amer
ican School of - Classical Studies at Ath
ens. Two 'fellowships are offered annually
for competitive examination.
Californians in New York.
The following- Californians are in New
York: From San Francisco— S. Andrews,
C. W. Cayle, at Grand Union; Mrs. E. A.
Godarre, at St. Denis; E. N. Goodwin, at
Amsterdam: W. L. Helse, at Grand
Union; H. P: Molyneux, at Herald
Square; W. L. Honnald and wife, at Im
perial; H. Hume, at Navarre; L. A. Levy,
F. C. Lezinsky and wife, at Savoy; J.
Lugsden and wife, Miss Lugsden,* at Man
hattan; W. J. Musgravfc, at Grand Union;
Miss J. Noey at Victoria; W. Preston, at
Navarre; A. L. Rudolson. at Imperial; W.
F\ Wilson, Miss T. L. Wilson, at Astor;
J. Northrop, at Herald Square; W. S.
Wallace at Manhattan.
From Los Angeles— J. Copley, at Cosmo-
Eolltan; E. A. Huffman, at Astor: F. N.
pear, at Continental.
From San Diego — M. K. Lauber, at
Broadway Central.
Increased Interest of Ameri
can School of Classical
Studies in Rome.
MANY COLLEGES
ARE REPRESENTED
VICTORY IS
CLAIMED BY
SANTA FE
Continued From Page One.
Sir Acland-Hood, Conservative, has been
re-elected to the House of Commons from
the west, or Wellington, division of Som
erset. He hr.d no opposition. The Rt.
Hon. St. John Broderick has been re-elect
ed to the House of Commons from the
Gu'.lford division of Surrey, in the Con
servative interest without opposition.
Captain E. G. Prettyman. Conservative,
has been re-elected without opposition
for the Woodbridge division of Suffolk.
The Czar's Condition.
A Livadia special says; The Czar's phy
sicians issued the following bulletin this
morning: "The Czar's sleep and appetite
are very good. His temperature and pulse
are normal."
A St. Petersburg special says: The offi
cial estimates for this winter and spring
crop in sixty-four departments of Euro
pean Russia are as follows: Wheat, 658,-
SG0.000 poods; rye, 1,401,700,000 poods, and
oats, 721,600,000 poods.
Belated British Elections.
A Calcutta special says: Half a million
in gold was shipped to London December
8 for the payment of silver purchased for
the coinage of rupees. The total purchases
for this account since February is £4,
700,000.
Cereals in European. Russia.
A special from Vestermas, Sweden, says:
Philip Nordlund. who on May 17 last, as
the steamer Prince Carl, on which he was
a passenger, was passing Quicksund, mur
dered seven men and wounded five others,
a woman and a boy, subsequently escap
ing in a boat to Koi Ing, and who was con
victed and sentenced to death in June last,
was beheaded to-day.. The condemned man
chanted a psalm as he laid his head upon
the block.
Coinage of Rupees.
Lady William Beresford sued the.pres
ent Duke of Marlborough, who married
Miss Consuelo Vanderbilt, to recover the
jointure granted to her by the eighth
Duke of Marlborough, her former hus
band,'who had previously granted a simi
lar sum to his first wife. Lady Albertha
Frances Ann Hamilton, daughter of the
first Duke of Alberoorn. who divorced him
in 1SS3. When the eighth Duke of Marl
borough died the first wife received her
jointure and the case was brought to de
cide whetner the second wife of the di
vorced man qould receive a Jointure. Judge
Byrne ruled that Lady William Beresford
was entitled to her jointure.
Swedish. Murderer Beheaded.
LONDON. Dec. 10.— The Appeal Court
has dismissed the appeal of the Duke of
Marlbdrough and has confirmed the deci
sion of Judge Byrne, in the Chancery di
vision of the High Court of Justice, which
gave Lillian, Duchess of Marlborough
(formerly Mrs. Louis Hammersley of New
York, and now Lady William Beresford) a
jointure of £1500 yearly.
Must Pay Lady Beresfor
a Jointure of £1500
MARLBOROUGH
LOSES THE SUIT
LEAVENWORTH. Kans.. Dec 10.—
Captain Carter entered prison here in
April last. With one year oft for good be
havior he still has a little more than three
years to serve.
Judges Thayer and Hook find these pro
ceedings were entirely regular.
One of the chief contentions urged in
Carter's behalf was that the President's
reducing the number of specifications pre
ferred thereby made void the entire pun
ishment inflicted. On this point Judge
Thayer says:
"The punishment prescribed by the ar
ticles of war is attached to the charge
and not the specifications made thereun
der, the latter being merely by way of
exemplification and detailed statement of
the principal charge to which they re
spectively relate, but even if this were not
so, the rule is well established that when
one sentence in gross is pronounced upon
a conviction under an indictment con
taining several counts and upon a pro
posal or review some of them are held
bad and the others sustained the sen
tence will not be disturbed, provided It is
such as could lawfully have been Imposed
under the counts which were upheld. '
ST. LOUIS, Dec. lO.-In a decision hand
ed down by Judge Hook of the Federal
EUstrict Court of Kansas and concurred in
by United States Circuft Judge Amos
Thayer this afternoon Oberlln M. Carter,
formerly captain in the United State3
army, under sentence of five years' im
prisonment for misappropriation of Gov
ernment funds while in charge of the har
bor work of Savannah. Ga.. is remanded
to the custody of Robert W. MeLaugh
rey, warden of the Federal penitentiary
at Leavenworth, where Carter has been
confined, the court overruling the peti
tioner's demurrer on the habeas corpus
writ issued some time ago, and sustaining
the ruling of the trial courts, together
with the subsequent action of President
McKinley, who set aside twelve of the
charges under which he was convicted,
but made no change of the sentence Im
posed by the court-martial.
In addition to the prison, sentence Car
ter was fined $5000. which^was paid, and
he was dismissed from the army.
Disgraced Captain Remanded
to the Custody of the
Warden.
CARTER MUST
SERVE HIS TIME
*ber -of trodpers distinguished service med
iils and bther decorations. This evening
the etreets were splendidly illuminated
with electrical devices and Chinese lan
terns. Transparencies of the popular gen
erals were displayed and an enormous
crowd of cheering people filled the prin
cipal thoroughfares. The day's celebra
tion came to aji end with a military tattoo
and- fireworks.
After the presentation of the sword and,
a casket, subscribed by 10.000 Cape Col
onists, Lord Roberts presented to a num-
Representatives of all the office* of tha
colonies joined In a procession from the
Town Hail to the square, which was ac
companied by a tremendous roar of
cheers, ladles throwing flowers from, win
dows and balconies. . - ..
magnificent spectacle and was witnessed
by 25.000 people. The ceremony began with
a luncheon at Good Hope Hotel, where
Lord Roberts made a speech. In the
course of which he expressed the utmost
confidence In Lord Kitchener and paid,
a high tribute to the services of Sir Al
fred Milner. The open air function fol
lowed in the principal square of the city,
which -was splendidly decorated. The
Mayor of Cape Town presented the sword
amid a scene of tremendous enthusiasm.
Sir Alfred" Milner, who waa present, re
ceived a great ovation.
CHICAGO, Dec. 10.— The question of the
constitutionality of the Blaine extradition
treaty between Great Britain and the
United States, signed by representatives '
of the two governments in 1889, and which
it is asserted, has never been passed upon.,
is to be brought befort? the United State-*
Supreme Court in the cases of Fred Lee
Rice, Frank Rutledge and Thomas Jones,
who were arrested in Chicago last June
on the request of the Canadian authori
ties, charged with being fugitives from
justice.
The specific chargea against the three
men include complicity in several bank
robberies in Toronto ajid other Canadian
cities. President McKinley issued a war
rant for the requisition of the three men,
but action was prevented by a writ of
supersedeas, issued by Judgo Kohlsaat. of
the United States District Court, an.l
Eince last June the men have been con
fined in the county jail.
Next Monday attorneys representing
the prisoners and the British Consul will
appear before the Supreme Court at
Washington, and bail Tor the prisoners
will be asked pending the construction of
the Blaine treaty. Attorneys for the Brit
ish Consul will move to dismiss the appeal
or advajice the case to an immediate hear
ing.
The case is regarded as one of great Im
portance not only in this country but In
the Queen's dominion, as an opinion from
the Supreme Court will be regarded. as
settling the mode of procedure, to be
adopted by extradition commissioners in
international extradition cases," ''Shout-i
bail be refused the prisoners, they may
remain in Jail here fora year before the
case is passed upon.
It was in the cell of Fred Rico that a re
volver was found concealed In a basket of
grapes some three weeks ago. and since
that time the men have been closely
watched. .
Important Cases Pending:
Before the Supreme
Court.
COMPLETE TEST
OF BUIIE TREATY
CAPE TOWN, Dec. 10.— The official re
ception tendered to Lord Roberts here to
day, with the presentation of the ad
dresses and the sword of honor, was a
fldence in Kitchener.
THE HAGUE, Dec. 10.— Mr. Kruger to
day received a deputation from the Alt
deutscher Veenband, and thanked his
"German brothers" for their token of
sympathy. Later Mr. Kruger returned
the Foreign Minister's visit.
RECEPTION TO LORD ROBERTS
Veteran Expresses His Utmost Con-
. "Dr. Leyds and his friends are spread-
Ing a report," says the Amsterdam corre
spondent of the Daily Mall, "that Queen
Wilhelmlna will Intervene after her mar
riage. ' This is meant to blind the public
to the real facts, which are that she went
personally to every European ruler on Mr.
Kniger's arrival in Europe, and from two
countries at least, France and Russia, re
ceived conditional promises of "help in the
direction of intervention, but the plan
failed in Berlin."
LONDON, Dec. lO.-The Evening Stand
ard, which ha3 f pedal sources of Informa
tion, says this evening that' a great battle
between the British forces under General
Knox and the Boers under General Dewet
is going on. ¦
GREAT BATTLE SAID
TO BE IN PROGRESS
British Under Knox Said to Be Engaging
Dewet's Forces.
LONDON. Dec. 10.— In the House of
Commons to-day, after some desultory
discussion. Joseph Walton. Radical, mem
ber for the Bamsley division or the West
Riding of Yorkshire, withdrew his amend
ment offered Friday last *o the address,
and C. C T. Hartley. Conservative, repre
senting North Islington, moved an amend
ment to the address asking the House
to express regret at the fact that Lord
Salisbury had recommended so many of
his own family to offices under the gov
ernment.
One-fifth of the Cabinet members, Mr.
Hartley said, were of the same family.
tsons would obey their father and sons
in-law and nephews would yield to the •
famf- influence. Such conditions precluded
an independent inquiry Into the army I
failurc-s in South Africa, and were eaieu
ian-d to impair gravely the efficiency of
the public service and diminish the
chances of refonm in the system of na
tional defense. The same canker worm
cf ntpotism had entered the army and na
vy, and it was the general opinion that
many cf the disasters in South Africa
wer* traceable to officers who had ob
tained their commissions by family influ
ence.
iVhen the Premier's nephew rose to re
ply the House was tilled with expectation.
Mr. Baifour said the unhappy accident of
birth ought not to bt s. bar ;o public ser
vice. There was only cue member of Lord
Salisbury's familyxln Ihe present Govern
ment who was nw in the last. Mr. Bart
ley, he added. Wd not shown that the
appointees complained of were. incapable,
while the country, at the recent election,
had shown confidence thai the Premier
would carry out with ability and integrity
his thankless, heart-breaking task.
The amendment fas lost by a vote of 2$)
to 128.
Replying to Mr. He-aly. Nationalist, who
asked whether the Irish- American and
Irish prisoners captured in the fights with
the Boers could not be permitted to re
turn to their homes, J. Powell William.
Financial Secretary ;o the War Office in
the late administration, but now a plain
nif-nibf-r of the House o{ Commons, repre
senting South Birmingham, said irisoners
of Irish nationality could not be treated
differently from others. ¦ • • '
D. Lloyd-George. Radical member for
Carnarvon district, brought together a
Furies of accusations against Mr. Cham
berlain that had been figuring In the
newsp*per«- and moved that no member.
ft the Government ought to have a di
rect or indirect interest in concerns com
peting for Government contracts. He
pointed out that the Secretary of State
for the Colonies held 5600 shares ani
ether members of his family €7,000 shareB
in the Birmingham Trust, which in turn
was a share-owner in the Tubes (limited),
making £10.000 a year out of Government
oontra.cl». He asserted also that Mr.
Ohamberlafn and his relatives held shares
worth £230,000 to £250,000 in Elliott's
Metal Company, contractors to the Ad
miralty, and shares valued at £230,000 in
the Kynnche Dynamite Company, con
tractors to the War Office. After enum
erating other companies In which • the
Chamberlain family, he asserted, had In
terests, Mr. George declared that he .was
not attacking the private character of
the Minister, but had raised the matter
because "this- cause might be used as a
precedent later to justify occupation."
After Fprches for and against the reso
lution Mr. Chamberlain replied:
"It is my personal honor that Is in •
voived in this thing, and I think It hard,
after twenty-flv* yecrs of life In the full
light of Parliament, to have to stand up
snd explain that I am not a scandalous
thl*>f. These attacks are monstrous an-1
abrurd. I took no notice «f the charges
during the election, although there had
been a conspiracy of Insinuation. I had
t>een charged with fattening on the profits
of a war I bad - provoked.
"Of all the companies mentioned I hold
Fhares in two. My relative* intend to
take legal proceedings and tfte. public will
«-*>e how the** abominable charges •will be
dealt with by the courts. My relatives
sre ail business men. and have had to
make their own fortune?. I come of a
family which boasts nothing of dlstin-
KulFhed birth or Inherited wealth, but
has an unbroken record for nearly two
centuries of unstained commercial integ
rity. Never during the whole courgp of
my political career have I been askfd to
use my Influence to secure pecuniary jfaln
for mywlf or my own relatives."
Proceeding to explain his connection
with the two companies Mr. Chamberlain
fald he had Joined the Colombo Company
twenty-three years ago. Its shares ha.1
tie\-er be*>n quoted on the Stock Exchange.
The contract to build huts for Boer pris
oner* In Ceylon was given to the Colombo
Company on the responsibility of the local
povemment without any communication
with himself.
So far an the Birmingham Trust w«i
concerned he paid he knew nothing wliat
rv*r of Its investments, although he had
recently ascertained that there was a
i*1fl!nr Investment In the Tubes (limited)
Member for North Islington Says the
Premier Has All His Family
in Office.
since his brother managed the business
of that organization, but the company's
already small business with the Admiral
ity had decreased. He made some further
explanations of a similar kind. Mr.
Chamberlain exclaimed, amid ministerial
cheers:
"It is not hard to have to deal with such
rubbish as this. When all is reckoned up
perhaps my indirect interest in Govern
ment contracts is a few pounds or even
shillings. And yet the House of Commons
is called upon to pass a solemn resolution
which will not strike, byt will be a self
denying ordinance for many members who
do not anticipate that result."
In an eloquent peroration the Colonial
Secretary declared that the attacks had
not injured him, but had given pain to a
number of private individuals. Those
who had made them, he asserted, had in
troduced into public life unworthy meth
ods and had made it more difficult for
honorable and sensitive men to serve the
country-
He was loudly cheered as he resumed
his seat. His son. J. Austin Chamberlain,
Financial Secretary to the Treasury De
partment, followed with similar denials.
R. B. Haldane. Radical member, for
Haddinsrtonshlre. and others spoke,, after
which Sir. Lloyd-George's motion, which
wag offered as an amendment to the ad
dress, was rejected by a vote of 269 to 127.
Mr. Balfour, the Government leader,
then moved the closure, which was car
ried by 253 votes against 18, and the ad
dress to the throne was adopted by 265
votes against 23.
LORD SALISBURY ACCUSED
OF CARING FOR HIS OWN
WASHINGTON. Dec. 10.— The Senate
tpent almost five hours to-day in execu
tive session considering the Hay-Paunce
fote treaty. There wore five or six
speeches made. «=ome of them by Sena
tors who had not rpoken hitherto upon
the treaty, and others by Senators who
had previously expressed themselves.
Among the latter was Senator Morgan,
who returned to his former speech, elab
t rating somewhat his position as to the
effect of the Clayton-Bulwer treaty. Hi!
took issue with Senator Teller as to the
purpose of the first clause of that treaty,
claiming that It applied only to Great
Britain's right to fortify the Nicaragua
canel itself. Senator Teller replied at
tome length. a.-serUng that the provision
was of more general import, as, he said,
any one couto ascertain for himself by
roacling President Bucha'.ans views upon
the subject when he was Minister to Ens
land The declaration then made showed
plainly, he t-aid, that England had at
tempied to extend her rignts beyond the
immediate vicinity of the canal. Teller
then proceeded to again elaborate his
views upon the etrierai subject, repeating
Ms declaration that th«» L'ntted States
hhculd construct the canil. if at all, re
gardless of the English position and with
out going through the formality of rati
fying the pending treaty.
During the day speeches were made by
Senators Money. Stewart, Frye and
others. Senator Stewart announced that
he was for the treaty without amend
ment, and Senator Money that he was
against the treaty In any form. He want
ed the canal built as much as any Sena
tor could, he faid. but he considered the
pending treaty little less than an insult
to the intelligence of the American peo
ple. had no doubt that If proper dip
lomatic efforts should be made it would
be possible to secure the complete abro
gation of the Clayton-Bulwer treaty, and
that was what he wanted. He did not.
indeed, believe the people of this coun
try would be satisfied so long as any ves
; £o of that instrument remained among
existing international obligations. That
convention, he said, was contrary to the
wishes cf the people of the United States,
and they could be satisfied only by den
nit eiy erasing it once and forever. There
also should be new conventions between
the United States and both Nicaragua
and Costa Rica, giving absolute control of
the waterway to this country. He wanted
no partnerships with any country In own
ership or management of the canal whan
built.
The possibility of Secretary Hay's re
signing in case the Foreign Relations
amendment to the treaty
should prevail having been alluded to,
Senator Krye said lm was In a position to
make official denial of that report. Th<?
Rfcrrtary had no such Intention. Frye
announced himself as favorable to the
Hay-Pauncefote treaty. He said that,
deny the effect of the Clayton-Bulwer
treaty as much as we may, it still is on
Jhe international records of this coun
try, and is given more or less recognition
by any administration that has to deal
with the construction of an Isthmian
canal. It had been a constant source of
vexation in connection with the canal
subject, and he apprehended that It would
continue to be such until that portion of
it relating to the canal should be dis
posed of. IJe was satisfied.- for. Instance,
that the canal would have been construct
ed during the administration of President
Arthur if the old negotiations had not
been in existence.
Senator Chandler asked Senator Frye to
make Secretary Hay's position with ref
erence to resigning public, but the Maine
Senator declined, saying that he was
only authorized to make the statement In
the Senate. Chandler retorted that to do
that was equivalent to giving it to the
public, and the Senate then lapsed into a
diFCUPsion of the ways and means In
which the executive secrets get into the
newspapers.
A EUROPEAN COMMENT.
Figaro Says That Jingo Animates
the American Senate.
PARIS. Doc. 11.— The Herald's Euro
pean edition publishes the following: An
editorial in the Flparo says: The state of
mind which the Times describes as jingo
animates the American Senate during? the
discussion of the Hay-Pauncefote treaty.
The Senators at Washington wish to In
crease the Influence of the United States
in the Central American republics and
to diminish to the same extent the pres
tige of those European states which still
possess colonies in the Western Atlantic
in a word, to make of an oceanic canal,
conceived by an idealistic Frenchman as
a means of bringing people tog-ether, a
work of jealous surveillance and domina
tion.
The United* States means to set a Gi
braltar on the Nicaragua canal, what
ever it may cost. To attain this end.
some of the Senators are reviving: again
in England the maxim dear to Chamber
ialn, that a treaty should not prevail
against the interests of a people. The
American people have no understanding
why restrictions laid by the Clayton-Bul
wer treaty on the exercise of the ripht of
dijrjring a trans-octanic canal should aot
be abolished by the Hay-Pauncefote
treaty.
The American Secretary of Foreiprn Af
fairs already has need of much tact to
make his fellmv citizens pardon his taste
for English society r*nd for the English
Cabinet. It is difficult to see how he will
persuade the Senate to give up an im
portant advantage for a question of prin-
MORGAN TAKES ISSUE
WITH SENATOR TELLER
Discussion of Hay-Pauncefote Treaty Con
tinued in Executive Session.
RECENT PENCIL SKETCHES IN THE SENATE.
THE SAN FBASCISCO CALIi, " TUESDAY, DECEMBER II, 1 900.
WASHINGTON, Dec. lO.-rConnrmations
by- the Senate: -,' To .be /members "of the
Industrial Commission— D. ' A. ' Tompklns
of North Carolina, • tJ: - H. Litchman of
New Jersey; P. 8. Stratton to be Collec
tor; of Customs at San Francisco: . R. H.
Chamberlain of Iowa, to-be Collector . of
Internal Revenue. District < of , Hawaii ; i O.
H. jBakerof Iowa, to be Consul at Syd
ney; Colonel John F. Weston, assistant
commissary' general, to be commissary
general, i with rank ¦ of brigadier general;
Pay Director. Edward Stewart, to be pay
master general and Chief of the Bureau
of: Supplies and Account, Navy Depart
ment. .• ¦ . . -¦¦ ..
Postmasters: California— C. Durner, Be
nida; J. R. Baker. Antloch.
Nominations Confirmed*
Judge Redden finished his argument to
night after having spoken seven and a
half hours. He was followed by Captain
Josrph Walters, who made the closing
argument for the State. He made an elo
quent plea, and spoke four hours.. ,
At the conclusion of the arguments
Judge Shinn instructed the jury not to
begin its, deliberations . till to-morrow
morning.
A. L. Redden, for the defense, continued
his argument at the afternoon session.
There was In attendance the largest
crowd that the courtroom had ever held
People were standing on every foot of the
floor and men and women had climbed un
to the window sills. . There was not a va
cant spot within the lnclosure for law
yers. Women, as usual, were In the ma
jority.. • ,
Miss Morrison appeared in a different
hat and jacket and had bedecked herself
with roses.
ELDORADO, Kans., Dec. 10.— When
Jessie Morrison entered the courtroom
this morning it was to hear the last argu
ment In her defense for the murder ol
Mm. Castle Judge A. L. Redden the
prisoner's leading counsel, iii a forceful
address to the Jury pleaded for the release
of Miss Morrison, declaring that the cuts
she inflicted upon -the bride of a week
were done In Belf-defense. Captain Joseph
Waters followed for -the State, and de
manded that a verdict of murder in the
first degree be returned.
MISS MOBEISON'S FATE
BESTS WITH JTJBTr
Delegates From. Oklahoma and In
dian Territory Meet at South
Me A Tester.
GUTHRIE.O. T.. Dec 10.— A special to
the Capital from South . McAlester, I. T.,
states that 350- delegates, equally di
vided between Oklahoma and Indian,Ter
ritory, met'there to-day' In Joint conven
tion, pursuant to a call previously issued
for a convention to take action in the In
terest of single statehood— that is, the
formation of a single State from the two
Territories. "'¦;-." - • •¦ > r
.. Organization was -effected to-day and a
permanent "single etatehood" committee
of twenty members ' appointed. ' ; ¦ .
¦ The alms of the convention are opposed
by two elements— those In the Indian Ter
ritory - who oppose any. statehood at
b.11 or who favor two States, and those 'in
Oklahoma who favor the Immediate ad
mission of Oklahoma alone, the Indian
nations to be added from - time to time
later. ' : -;-:¦.••
SINGLE STATEHOOD
COMMITTEE APPOINTED
to-day the President's appointment of
Marion de Vries to the board of general
appraisers was unanimously confirmed.
There was no opposition' whatever to the
confirmation. Every Democrat In the
Senate Indorsed Mr. de Vrles. All knew
his record and knew him personally. • .';
The news of Marion de Vries' confirma
tion will be received with special gratifi
cation In California. As a member of
Congress representing the Second Dis
trict he served the people of this State
with exceptional devotion. He has served
four months In the office to which Presi
dent- McKinley appointed him and the
character of the sen-ice already per
formed is recognized in his confirmation.
"While Marion de Vries was a Democrat
his personal popularity and acknowledged
worth as a public ¦ man . enabled him to
win his way to Congress as the repre
sentative of a Republican district. When
his appointment as appraiser removed him
from the political contest a Republican
was readily chosen to succeed - him In
Congress. The mesaabe announcing his
confirmation state3 that every Democrat
in the Senate supported him. .An effort
was made at the State Democratic Con
vention at San Jose to Question his loyalty
to his party, but it failed to receive in
dorsement. His parly friends as well as
other citizens of California will note with
pleasure that • the Democrats in Congress
did not fail to recognize his merits.- .
Every Democrat in the Senate In
dorses the Former California
Congressman.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 10.— In the Senate
DE VRIES' APPOINTMENT
UNANIMOUSLY CONFIBMED
Three other laborers were sllgrhtly hurt.
The Coroner's verdict Is "unavoidaile ac
cident." Twenty of the men were at
work at the time of the explosion It
is not known what ipnited the* gas. Elec
tric lights are used throughout the tun
nel.
.'SALT LAKE. Utah. Dec. 10.— A special
to the Tribune from Aspen. Wyo.,, says
a disastrous gas exolosion occurred to
day on' the new railroad tunnel by ¦which
four men lost their lives and several oth
ers were Injured. The tunnel Is being
built on the cut-off of the Union Pacific
road, between Aspen and Hilllard. The
explosion was caused by the accumulation
or eras. . ...
The killed are:
DAVID LAND, Ceredo. W. Va.
MIKE VOLLNOOLE. Joplin Mo
"MIKE LTNCH. residence unknown.
JOHN' SHOEMAKER, CaJlfornlaT
Injured: John Ward, foreman- Law
rence Early and Dan Schofleld. laborers
not- seriously. — : c "'
Accumulation of Gas
the Cause of the
Disaster.
FOUR MEN KILLED
BY EXPLOSION IN
RAILROAD TUNNEL
2
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
drureists refund th* money If It falls to cure.
E. W. Grave's signature la on each box. 25c. *
I St^KIDNEY DISEASE!
I s COMPLICATIONS I
; 8 ; Oo at once to your Druggist, If
I WARNER'S SAFE CURE I
1 And begin the easy march to Health. g
H . >n,W« will mall you • sample bottle FREE, on receipt of postal card. fS
H . V- .'¦ O/-. >,: : v :/.. , v -. ;•¦-', ¦ " . . A4dreM, '•"•¦. : " %\
S I • ' ¦ - , WARNER*5 3AFE CURE £0,. Rochester. N. Y. H
M Mention this Pacer. " :- ¦ - - . ¦ . - . , • ' HFAELEY'S COUNSEL
ENTERS A PLEA
OF NOT GUILTY
Father of the Girl He Eloped With
Fails to Prosecute.
SAN JOSE. Dec. 10.— Warren Hartzell,
who deserted his wife of a few weeks to
elope with Maud McCormick, a sixteen
year-old girl, was to-day acquitted of the
charge of abduction in Justice Wallace's
court. J. H. McCormick, the girl's father,
failed to appear as prosecuting witness
and the testimony ot others was not suf
ficient to convict.
The McCormick girl,' who had stolen $33
to pay the expenses of the trip, was de
serted by Hartzell in San Francisco a
day or two later. He took her money and
went to -Los Angeles. A week ago he was
arrested while visiting hts wife on Willis
avenue. Mrs. Hartzell has forgiven her
husband and they left the courtroom to
gether after his acquittal.
—
To Fi^ht Forest Fires.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 10.— A committee,
composed of H. W. Newmark, president
of the . Chamber of Commerce; W. G.
KercRhoff of the -. Forestry Commission
and L. A. Macrum, Forest Inspector, from
Washington, appeared before the County
Board of Supervisors to-day and urged
that fire brigades be organized and
equipped In the valleys. It is proposed
that they have regular drills and be paid
by the county when actually engaged in
fighting fires; ' ,.
.. . . »
Fire Destroys a Steamship.
VANCOUVER, Doc. 10.— Fire to-day de
stroyed the steamship Hattie Young, ply
ing, on the Ffaser River between New
Westminster and Mount Lehman. The
passengers and i crew narrowly ; escaped
with their lives. The fire broke out In the
hold under the boiler and spread so rap
idly that in a few minutes the ehlo waa
burn#d to the water** edge. . The Young
w»f valued lit I11W0 and wu formerly^on
the Am«rlc*a r»*l«ter *• tb* Joale Bur"
Portland Burglar'* Memory Pails to
Do Justice to His Record
as a Cracksman.
PORTLAND. Or., Dec.' 10.— "W. S. Scott,
alias \V. T. Nicholson, who has conducted
a restaurant for some time at First and
Madison streets',' is under arrest on a
charge of burglary. When taken to the
City Jail Scctt confessed to having com
mitted so many burglaries during the past
two years that he was unable to remem
ber all of them. He gave the location of
eighteen dwellings which he had looted
in this city, and said that he had robbed
many others. When his lodgings were
searched by the detectives dozens of
pieces of jewelry, silverware, a large Btock
of clothing and many other articles were
found. -^J
HARTZELL GOES FREE.
—
UNABLE TO BECALL
ALL OF HIS CBIMES
Stockmen to Hold a Round-Up to Put
a Check Upon Bruin's Depre
dations.
COVELO. Dec. 10.— Black bears are
playing havoc with stock In Northern
Mendocino County. Dozens of • cattle,
sheep and hogs in the vicinity of the Bow
man range have been devoured. James
Ricks, a prominent sheep raiser, Is the
heaviest loser, the bears having killed
thirty-two of his Bheep and two Jersey
cows. While Mr. Ricks was riding over
his range yesterday he saw two large
black bears eating the carcass of a cow
they had just slain.
Stockmen have asked the local authori
ties to assist them in a general round-up
of the bears. H. B. Bowman, the noted
hunter, has with his ten bear hounds al
ready captured twenty bears.
BEARS RAID NORTHERN
MENDOCINO RANCHES
Estate of the Deceased
Capitalist.
SAX JOSE. Dec. 10.— The Jury in the
Christian Bolllnger will contest was un
able to asree and was discharged by
Judge Hyland this morning after it had
deliberated forty-eight hours. It stood
eight to three in favor or the defendant,
the majority believing the will valid. The
case was tried with eleven jurors, one of
the number having been excused at the
beginning because of The trial
lasted thirteen weeks. It was one of the
most hotly contested will cases in the
history of the county and was heard be
hind closed doors.
Christian Bollinger died in 1897. He was
worth about JloO.WX), but shortly before his
death he gave a great deal of his property
to his son. George Y. Bollinger. In the
early nineties he married Mary 1». Why
bark. This was his second marriage and
it was against the wishes of hia children.
In his will be left to his widow a home
in Santa Clara and other property, the
whole 'not exceeding- the value of J2500.
The rest was given to his children. I The
widow at once began a contest of the
will on the ground that the testator was
of unsound mind and was unduly in
fluenced-by ...s son George. The son. was
made executor of the will. It was charged
that $90,000 worth of property in the pos
session of the son belonged to the estate.
Before the contest came to trial the widow
died and the case was conducted by her
children, of which she had a grown fam
ily when she married Bollinger. Another
trial will now be had.
¦ ¦
JURY DISAGREES IN
BOLLINGER WILL CASE
Close of a Bitter Legal Fight for the
Last week, on beinsf brought to the jail
here. Stickel made a i-onfesMon in which
he claimed that Ed Pierce^dld the shoot
ing which killed the Knapps, while he
remained outside. Thle story was» dis
proved by the fart that only single tracks
were found and other evidence showing
that one man committed the crime. To
day's confession makes It plain that he
alone killed both the Knapps and Shank
lin.
Stickel said he had experienced a
change of heart, anJ concluded to tell
everything ani rely upon the mercy of
the court, with the intention of cheerfully
accepting whatever punishment might be
meted out to him.
TACOMA. Dec. 10.— Martin Stickel. tho
prisoner held at the county jail for the
murder of the aged Cornelius Knapp and
his wife, near Castle Kock on the night
of November 23, this afternoon confessed
to having been the only party to the
crime. Members of tht Salvation Army
have been visiting tile jail frequently of
late, ar.d yesterday paid especial atten
tion to Stickel. He listened to them at
tentively, and before their departure de
clared that he would like to embrace thd
Christian faith. His professed conversion
bore fruit to-day, for this afternoon when
Deputy Sheriff Watson, of Cowlltz
County, and Deputy Sheriffs Davis aiul
Maloney. of Tacoma, went to the priso
ner's cell he confessed lo having shot and
killed the Knapps. and also admitted the
murder of Rancher Shanklin. who was
assassinated in thai portion of the Stato
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Martin Stickel Admits That - He
Alone Murdered Mr. and Mrs.
Knapp and Rancher .
Shanklin.
CONFESSES AFTER
HIS CONVERSION TO
CHRISTIAN FAITH
VETERANS BARBED
PROM CONVENTIONS
Action Taken, by the Directors of the
Soldiers' Home at Yount
* ville.
NAPA. Dec. 10.— The directors of -the
Veterans' Home at Yountvllle have
passed a rule forbidding any veteran, in
thf- institution participating as delegate
In any of the conventions to be held In
Napa County for the purpose of nominat
ing county and district officers. This ac
tion is taken because of th« attitude of the
veterar. delegates to the last Republican
county convention, at which they stood
solidly for JCldd for th» nomination of
Supervisor In Toant distrlot, defeating- 0Of
j?«rvi«or TruJHjfly for wnwjUa^tgn,
VICTORIA, Dec. 10.— The stampede to
the gold fields of the Tanana has been
productive of another tragedy, according
to advices brought by the steamer Dan
ube. Telegraphic reports from Dawson
under date of November 30 give a story
of the finding of the bodies of Henry
Ganbe, a well-known DawsonUe, and an
other miner who started with him from
Daweon to Join the vanguard of the stam
peders to Tanana. As they were
hurrying along between Circle City and
Tanana they came upon the bodies of the
two men huddled up in the drifts of snow
their dogrs dead beside them. Tho bodies
were frozen stiff, plainly indicating how
death had come to them. The miners who
found the unfortunates loaded the re
mains on sleds and took them back to
Circle City, where they were given burial
Ganbe and his partner, whose name
could not be learned, started from. Daw
son scarcely a month previously. They
were among the first to Join the rush
from the Klondike capital to Tanana. It
was reported at Circle City that a heavy
blizzard had raged two days prior to the
finding of the bodies and it is thought
that the unfortunate men were caught in
this storm.
* m
Dawson Miners Frozen to Death on
the Trail to the Tanana
TUgginga.
TWO LIVES LOST IN
THE HUSH FOR GOLD
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 10.— Dan Barry, of
Middletown, Ohio, was bumped over the
railroad from Burbank to Los Angeles
this morning under tho Owl train, think
ing that every moment would be his last.
Harry formerly worked in Los Angeles.
The idea took him while in Oakland last
night to take fortune by the forelock and
get back to his old job. Not having much
money in his possession, Barry decided to
beat his way to Los Angeles by the
brakebeam route. Ho stealthily crawled
under the limited train in Oakland and
took his place on the trakebeam for an
all nizht ride.
Everything went well until the train ar
rived at Burbank. Barry liad counted
fourteen stops but none of the train men
had chanced to ft-e the pasaenger under
the car. He had $13 50 In ensn upon his
person, and it was his intention to get off
the tram at the last stop outside of Los
Angeles and to pay his fare to town, in
order to avoid arrest. At Burbank tho
train stopped fcr an Instant. There was
his time to alight, he thought, and no
begran to scramble cautiously down from
his perch. But the train started before
he could crawl between the wheels. Had
he been an instant voonor his body would
have been cut in two by the revolving
trucks. As It was, it whs with the utmost,
difficulty that he threw his feet over this
brakebea.ni and caught a convenient rod
with one hand. Suspended in the air and
Just grazinp the ties, he felt every revolu
tion of the wheels. His body was swayed
¦with violence against the projecting bars
and twice his hands came into contact
with the flanges of thj trucks. Shrieking
in desperation, Barrv tried in vain to
make known to those on board his dread
ful position.
Twenty-one years of age and athletic,
he held on with grim determination, de
eplte the terrible bumps received as tho
cars rounded the curves and sped across
the eleven miles that separated the city
from th« last stopping place. He was
Bhockin&ly bruised across his back and
arms and over his eyes. Even his shoes
gave way, and his clothing was torn into
shreds.
Bruised, bleeding- rind half-conscious,
the quivering man held on. The train
men pulled him out, almost dead and
gasping for breath at River station. Bar
ry was taken to the Receiving Hospital,
where he related his experience. By nls
direction, a message was sent to a young
lady, whom he had hoped to meet under
more favorable circumstances. MIbs Mary
C. Housell quickly responded to the call,
and accompanied him to the County Hos
pital. Hp will be cut in about a week
If no dangerous symptoms set In.
Special tMspa-tch to The Call.
Laborer Beating His Way to Los An
geles Has a Thrilling Expe
rience as a Brakebeam
Tourist.
DRAGGED FOR MILES
CLINGING TO A ROD
UNDER OWL TRAIN
successfully underwent a surgical opera
tions and was just able to be around,
when a congestive chill seized him. This
is the third attack he has had, and In his
weakened condition his recovery is ex
tremely doubtful.
STOCKTON. Dec. 10.— H. R, McXo
ble. grand orator of the Native
Sons, Police Commissioner and
prominent attorney. Is at the
point of death at his apartments
in the Budd House. Two weeks ago he
I H. R. McNOBLE, GRAND ORATOR OF THE NATIVE SONS OF THE
j GOLDEN A WEST. WHO IS NOW LYING DANGEROUSLY ILL AT HIS
! APARTMENTS IN STOCKTON.
4r
4-
ATTEMPTS TO
MURDER SUISUN
SALOON MAN
Howard Morris Fires Upon
Peter A. Finne With
a Shotgun.
?
INFLICTS A DANGEROUS WOUND
Gives as His Only Excuse for the
Crime the Fact That He "PTnd
Imbibed Too Much.
Liquor.
Special ZMspatch to Th» Call.
BUISUN. Dec 10. — Howard Morris
walked into Peter A. Flnne-'s O K saloon
on Main street just before midnight last
night, leveled a shotgun at the pro
prietor, who was standing behind th» bar.
and pulled both triggers. Tfce first
charge lodged in a beer chest and the
second In Flnne's left arm. Inflicting a
serious wound.
Night Watchman D. C. McDonald at
tempted to arrest Morris. The would-be
assassin exclaimed:
"Don't come near me; you can't take
me. I've got another load In the gun."
McDonald, however, walked up and
took the gun from Morris.
It appears that after Morris had fired
twice at Flnne he walked across the
street, reloaded the gun and again dis
charged both barrels. Judging from a
powder stain on ds forehead and the
wrecked condition of his hat, Morris
either attempted suicide or wished to cre
ate the Impression that he was mentally
deranged.
After the shooting-. Finn© went to Dr.
Downlng's office and had his injuries at
tended to. He said that he had had no
quarrel with Morris. The latter came into
his place at 10 o'clock in the evening and
had a bottle of sodawater. There were
two men In the saloon at the time of the
shooting.
After Morris was arrested he told Of
ficer McDonald that he had nothing
against Finne and that he was crazy
drunk when he attempted the murder. Ha
was willing to go to jail, and asked the
officer to take him there as soon as pos
sible, as he was afraid he might be at
tacked by a mob. »On reaching the jail
Morris' pockets were^found to be loaded
with ammunition. w
Morris is an odd character. He came to
Suisun from Salt Lake City about four
or five years ago. Yesterday he had been
drinking heavily, but never before whllo
under the Influence of liquor had he
shown a vicious disposition. He la about
22 years of^age.
Cons-table Downing this morning found
evidence that indicates that Morris"
crime was premeditated. Morris -went to
a buggy ehed on the wharf and with a
hammer broke the locks and effected an
entrance. There he obtained a rifle, but
found the shells In his possession were
too short for It. He afterward went to a
barn and obtained the shotgun.
Finne's wound is very serioua. kdA he
may not recover.
Senator Ashe to Retire From Bmaart
COMPROMISE EFFECTED.
Stock Farm.
'SANTA ROSA. Dec. 10.— It was an
nounced here to-day that a compromise
had been effected between State Senator
R. Porter Ashe, as principal stockholder
In the Ruinart stock farm, and Mrs. Te
resa Bell, owner of the property near
Glen Ellen, held by the stock fans cor
poration under lease. A short tlxxva ago
Mrs. Bell brought suit against Asho for
one year's rent and won. The lease has
three years yet to run and by the terms
of the compromise Mrs. Bell waives claim
for the past year's rent and Ashe agrees
to give up possession, being allowed until
January 1 to remove his buildings and
personal property.
Fatal Quarrel of Seamen.
TACOMA, Dec. 10. — In a quarrel over
Beamen's wages C. L. Chrlstianson this
afternoon shot iWlllam Gartman through
the stomach. The man was taken to the
hospital and will die. Christlanson says
they quarreled on Saturday night, and
when he was coming off the ship to-day
Gartman and others came at him with
clubs. To defend himself he used his re
volver.
Blinded by a Horse's Kick.
SALINAS. Dec. 10.— George L. Meade. a
rancher of San Miguel Canyon, was
kicked by a horse yesterday. The ani
mal's hoof broke the bridge of his nose
and the left lachrymal duct was torn.
The unfortunate man will lose the «lght
In at least one of. his eyes.
?Ice president; V. M. Gardner, secretary; Dis
trict Attorney Knlrht. treasurer.
BANTA CRtTZ. Dec. 10.— A bar association
was formed to-day with the following officers:
J. H. Leonard, president: TV. P. Netherton.
WHEELS OF HEAVY
TRUCK TOUCH OFF
PISTOL CARTRIDGE
Los Angeles Woman's Lip Stops a
Bullet From a Loaded Shell
Lying in the Middle of
the Street.
Special IMipatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES. Dec. 10.— Mrs. Sarah
McBryde was arrested last night for "lift
ing" a piece of bacon In a. butcher shop
without paying for It. This morning she
was again a visitoi/at the police station,
this time for medical treatment at the
Emergency Hospital. Mrs. McBryde
called to have a 3S-callber bullet removed
from her upper Up. where it was firmly
Imbedded. Her story is that she was
walking up New High street this morn
ing. Just as she was abreast a hea.vy
truck there was a sharp report, followed
by a yell of pain.
On investigation a crushed pistol car
tridge was found under the truck and the
cause of the phenomenon was made plain
One of the truck wheels had passed over
a cartridge which had been dropped In
the roadway. The impact exploded the
cartridge and Mrs. McBryde. being In
range, stopped the bullet with her Up.
Th* bullet had also been flattened by the
impact of the heavy truck wheels, and as
its force was not great had only imbed
ded itself In the flesh. The lead was re
moved without trouble. <v^
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 10.— In the United
States District Court to-day J. 8. Clack and
F. A. Robinson were respectively appointed
referees in bankruptcy for Tulare and Merced
counties.
ROBERT WIENEKE, president of
the German-American Republi
can Club and a leader In many of
the most important German so
cieties of this city, has received
an autograph letter from President Mc-
Klnley, in which the chief executive of
the nation returns thanks to Mr. Wieneke,
as president of the club, for the congratu
lations extended.
It is proposed to have the letter properly
framed and hung in the rooms of the
club, where It Is hoped that the Inspira
tion of the President's signature will
stimulate the members to renewed activ
ity in the cause of prosperity and protec
tion in coming ejections.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 10.-J. C. Stubbs,
vice president of the Southern Pacific
Railroad Company, to-day tendered Pres
ident McKinley the compliments of that
company during the President's visit to
the Pacific Coast next spring. The Pres
ident Informed Mr.- Stubbs and Senator
Perkins, who accompanied him. that he
intended to visit San Francisco to attend
the launching of the battleship Ohio next
April, and hoped also to visit other cit
ies of the Pacific Coast at that time.
The Preside^ said he would conform
his plans to trie wishes of the commit
tee of Invitation, and that the itinerary of
his trip in California would be determined
by it. It is probable «he will visit Loa
Angeles on his way to San Francisco, and
return East by way of Portland and Seat
tle. The President expressed great pleas
ure in anticipation of meeting the people
of the Pacific Coast, whom he had long
hoped to have opportunity of visiting.
LOMPOC, Dec. 10.— Ten persona, several
of them Ban Franciscans, were more or
less brujsed in an accident to the Santa
Barbara and Ix>mpoc stage, due to arrive
In Lompoc at ti o'clock last evening. The
injured are:
J. Smith, driver, back injured and oth
erwise bruised.
George N. O'Brien of Gaviota, slightly
bruised.
W. F. Bryant, wife and two children,
San Francisco, all badly bruised. * Mrs.
Bryant is believed to be hurt internally.
One child's arm was broken.
E. L. Paddock of Jones, Paddock & Co.,
San Francisco, slightly bruised.
A W. Buddendorf of Simmons Hard
ware Company, St. Louis, slightly brulsed.,
The accident occurred at a sharp curve
In the road. While rounding the curve
the coach was overturned. The passen
gers on top of the cdach were hurled down
a. steep embankment, while those within
the vehicle were carried down with it.
One child of Mr. and Mrs. Bryant of Ban
Francisco was pinioned under the stage,
which had to be lifted off before the lit
tle one could be removed. The child is
badly hurt.
The injured were conveyed in a wagon
to Lompoc for medical aid, arriving short
ly after midnight. All are now at the Ar
thur Hotel under the care of Drs. Saund
ers and Graham, who say that none are
dangerously hurt.
No blame is attached to the stage com
pany, it being an accident liable to occur
most any time on a rough road with un
even grade. All of the passengers praise
Driver Smith, who held to the lines when
the stage turned over and stopped the
horaes. which started to run away, drag
ging him a considerable distance.
Idttle Child of Mr. and Mrs. W. P.
Bryant Pinioned Under the
Vehicle and Seriously
Hurt.
Special Dispatch to The CStlL
SAN FRANCISCANS ARE INJURED
Driver and Passengers Fall
With tbe Coa'cti Down '
an- Embankment
LOMPOC STAGE
OVERTURNS ON
A HIGH GRADE
CHIEF EXECUTIVE THANKS
GERMAN-AMERICAN CLUB
He Forwards an Autograph Letter to
* President Wieneke.
H. R. McNoble Suffers a Relapse While
Recovering From an Operation.
GRAND ORATOR OF NATIVE
SONS AT POINT OF DEATH
The entire holdings, including: lands.
KrcJls, i>i»K» Ur.es. steamship and reflnerj'
ai<- » mhrart-d in the transfer. It Is under
stood that L>. G. Scofleld will be retained
u> funeral puprrintendent under the new
management.
IX)S ANGELES. Dec. 10.— The expected
l.as happened: the Standard Oil Company
Las become cne of th« largest producers
Ot oil In California. A deal has Just been
com ummafG whereby the Standard Oil
Company acquires all of the interests of
the Pacific Coast Oil Company. The pur
chase price is said to be in the neighbor
hood of J1,OOO,O>>J. For several months It
has been known that the Standard had a
desire to "get into ih.e oil business in this
State and had several representatives here
taking over the field and "ge'tlug: a line"
on good propositiont. The entrance of the
4;reat corporation into the Kern lllver
litHd caused considerable comment among
some of the producers there, who thought
Uiey could see all sorts of dire happenings
«ls & result. The Oil Storage and Trans
portation Company was organized and
"zru:ans of defense" provided, and it grad
ually became noised about that the latter
organization tutd "captured all the pro
duction and hud the^fitandard on the liip,"
although the work of erecting large »tor
*4e tanks by the big company continued,
and people began to wonder where the
feiandaxo. would set its on to nil these
Although it appears that the Kern River
field w;ii the tint in which the Standard
became interested, it also was apparent
Xha.1 there were other sections of the State
almost as tempting, and it «Md not take
tile representatives of the oil trust a great
wliile to discover the fact. From different
sections of the State have come at differ
ent times reports that Standard agents
were "looking over matters."
The Pacific Coast Oil Company is one of
the oldest, largest and most substantial
oil companies in the Staxe. It has been
doing ousi.'iess in California fcr a quarter
of a century and has been reaching out
ciuring that period until 'ts interests in
ik'de valuable oil properties in various
st-cllons. the most important being in the
Newlrall Held, where the company la cred
ited v.ith about 100 producing wells. This
property is fitted up with machtne shop*,
bh'.cksmith Fhops i:nd nil the other ad
juncts to a well regulated oil farm and is
CDOOected by a pipe line -*ith Ventura on
loe ooast. whtre tin* company ha? erected
imrr.evise f-torap^ tanks From this point
th«> oil is transported in the steamship
J.<»ir:i:f=. owned by vhe company, to the re
rining piamt at Alameda Point, wh'ch has
a monthly capacity of 25,'W barrels. The
<¦• ir; a.:y ;¦.:?' has !orge interests in Santa
Clar.t and S»n Ber.lto counties, where a
considerable portioi. of its production Is
< bu.ined.
Soed&l rHri>«.trh to The ObJI.
Property of the Pacific Coast Com
pany Passes Into the Posses
sion of the Bockef eller
Interests.
A MILLION DOLLARS THE PRICE
California . Corporation Dis
poses of All of Its
Wells,
SELLS OUT TO
THE STANDARD
OIL COIPAHY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1900.
nlngham, Boldlers' Home, Los Angeles, 53;
John J. McGue, San - Francisco, $6; Ed
ward S. Frey, Bakersfield, J6; Nathan C.
Rollins. Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles. $ltj;
John W. Van TasseJl, Fresno. $12; John
Kriley, San Francisco, - $8. Mexican war
survivors. Abner-R, Doughty, "Veterans'
Home, Napa. $12.
Oregon: Original, Rosil Mills, Portland,
$6. Reissue, William Snow. Oregon City,
$14. •"
Washington: Original. Charles L.
Maine, Oympla, $8; John Till, Seattle. SS;
William H. Thacker, Friday Harbor. %;
John Shaughnessey, Seattle. $6; Alva
Spencer, Taooma, $6. Increase : Joseph D.
Holt. Tacoma, |M; Samuel H. RTchay.
Daisy, $10; Frederick RJeronyrVber^ pivm>
Interests the Coast.
WASHINGTON, Dec. lO.-Pensions is
sued—California: Original, George Cun-
MARTSVILLE, L»ec 10.— At a meeting
of the Chamber of Commerce to-night the
announcement was made that the local
subscriptions, together with those made
by prominent San Franciscans, reached
a total of $67,500 and Insured the re-estab
lishment of the Maxysvllle Woolen Mills,
which were -destroyed by fire, two years
ago. The new factory will be a flve-set
mill and employ at the start eighty per
sons. It -will be running by April next.
A shoddy plant and a wool-scouring 1 plant
will be operated In conjunction.
The corporation to operate the factory
will organize with John Martin, president
of the Marysvllle Gas and Electric Com
pany, as president; Hi Cheim, vice presi
dent; R. G. Stanwood, secretary, and
John Martin. N. D. Rldeout. Captain
Barneson, W. M. Plerson, F. Carter, H.
Cornforth and H. Chelm, directors.
Undertaking.
MABYSVILLE WOOLEN^
BULLS TO* BE REBUILT
Subscriptions Now Sufficient to In
sure the Success of the
Him With a Pistol.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 10.— The efforts of
Attorney J. Marlon Brooks to make a
forcible settlement of accounts he alleges
are his due from A. A. Montano have re
sulted in- Brooks' arrest on a charge oC
extortion. Brooks Is accused by Montano,
his former law partner, with having
marched him through the streets at the
point of a pistol for three hours and hav
ing forced him to sign two checks ag
gregating ?6S, besides giving up $10 in gold
that he had in hla pockets.
The arrest of Brooks comes as a cul
mination of the many^dlsputes arising
over the settlement of his accounts with
the 'Manila law firm known as Brooks,
Montano & Byers. Montano was. chosen
Judge of the First Instance at Manila and
since hla return has refused to divide his
salary with Brooks.
Former Partner Accuses the Attorney
of Having Coaxed Money From
CAUSES THE ARREST
OF J. MASION BROOKS
Barely -Escape Drowning.'
SA.LIJCAS. Dec. 10.— Ed Krough and
Myer Lauritzen, two young men of this
city, narrowly escaped death by drown
ing while hunting yesterday. They at
tempted to cross Salinas River In a wat
ering trough, which they propelled with
two sticks. The current was very swift
and the trough capsized. Krough reached
phore with little trouble, but his compan
ion was less fortunate. After having gone
down twice he succeeded in clutching tho
overturned trough and floated down the
river a half mile before reaching shore.
Both lost their shotguns.
LOS ANGELES. Dec. 10.— In the United
States District Court- to-day in the case,
of the Aetna Oil Company against W. C.
Cripps et al. Judge Ross dissolved the in
junction restraining the oil company from
boring for oil on its lands In Kern County,
but permitted the injunction to stand re
straining it from removing the oil pending
a settlement of the disputed title by the
United States Land Office in Washington.
The caee is an outcropping of the famous
scrlppers cases, which were before the
court some time ago. Cripps and his as-
Fociates claim title to the land in dispute
as agricultural land, and the Aetna Oil
Company holds possession by virtue of
mineral claims. The Question of owner
ship must finally rest upon the nature of
the land. .
Aetna Oil Company.
DISSOLVES AN INJUNCTION.
Judge Boss Rules in Favor of the
morning at 10:26 o'clock. Building* were
shaken and the populace was frightened,
bt.t no one was injured as far as can be
learned. The last shock vu severe, be
ins of thirty seconds' duration. ¦¦ • ./:
Reno Peels Two Earthquakes.
RENO. New. Dec. 10.— Two earthquake
fho< ks occurred :-n Reno and vicinity this
Mrs. O'Neill, who slept in the rear of
the building, was severely burned while
making her escape. She was asleep when
tac 1 lire t*-fr»n and was awakened by a
do.7 tuesiner at the bedclothes. She es
caped In h«*r night garment, but not be
fora she w.is badly burned abnut the head.
breast and hands. The mercury was be
low Eero when Fhe reached the street and
ns *he fjain*><1 the sidewalk she collapsed
er.d had to ne carried to a hospital. The
loss- is at 12000 on the stock and
J.VX on the building.
Mrs. O. II. O'Neill Almost Perishes
in Her Burning: Millinery
Store at Dawson.
VICTORIA. Df-o. 10.— Dawfion advices by
telegraph under date o* November 30 give
the news that the large millinery store
own«d by Mf*dam«s L. R. Burke and O.
M. O'Neill v.-as destroyed by fire on the
right ft the 2?th. The store had been
clor-ed for the celebration of Thanksgiv
ing and the origin of the conflagration la
NAREOWLY ESCAPES
DEATH IN FLAMES
which come from Point Loxna homestead
H would s*-«»m that the officials of the
Vniversal Brotherhood there are fearful
that pnmf attempt upon the life of Kath
? rin<- Tingley. the head of the order, may
he made. Karly this morning- word was
Bent to San Dlego that a man had been
about the brotherhood home for several
days, acting in such a strange manner
::::¦! th«»y wanted him removed. He was
.«u>i>#>cted of being one of a class that in
!¦;¦> ?-(. year? has endeavored to use the or
p-.nizatio:i for personal schemes. In talk-
Ing on the subject the general secretary
of the organization declared thAt it had
V><»< orne nwfrsary- fcr the officers to use
cv.u'.ion because of the numb»r of people
xvho w»f -mi\1 desirous of gaining notoriety
through their visits to the headquarter?
on Point Loma. He told of the recent ar
rof? on the North Pacific Coast of a man
who was thought to be insane. In whose
pocket was found a paper saying that he
was on the way to Point Loma to kill
Katharine Tlngley. The official? will on
iK'xt Monday night a«k the City Council
To appoint a Fpeoiai ofWr. whose duty it
*hall be to protect the homestead from
Intrusion.
Feint Loma Theosophists Alarmed by
thd Actions of a Supposed
Crank.
SAN" DIKGO. Dec. 10.— From reports
IEAB ASSASSINATION
OF KATHERINE TINOLEY
Reports from San Jose concerning the
condition of Miss Newman, who became
violently Insane because of the excite
ment Incident to her alleged encounter
with Farley, are very encouraging. She
is considerably improved and it is believed
that In a few days her reason will be
fully restored.
Farley is said to have admitted to sev
eral citizens that he did exhibit a weapon
In the presence of TJIbs Newman and Ed
Jeffrey, but It was done to prevent any
interference by the young man in Mis3
Newman's behalf.
SALINAS. Dec. 10.— Ex-Deputy Sheriff
P. O. Farley, who was arrested several
days ago on a warrant sworn out by Miss
Carrie Newpnan, wfco charged that he
threatened her with a revolver when she
demanded the return of money she had
loaned to him, was nrraigned In Judge
Deleter's court this afternoon. His hear
ing was continued, no date being: fixed.
Farley was accompanied Into court by
his brother Charles. He took his seat in
the prisoners' dock, and while he ner
vously rolled a cigarette his counsel en
tered a plea of not guilty, declaring at
the time that Miss Carrie Newman was
a necessary witness. It was decided to
continue the case until such time as the
District Attorney may deem It advisable
under the circumstances to proceed. Far
ley is still at large under heavy bonds.
Special Dispatch to Tho Call.
Court Continues the Hearing of' the
Salinas Man Accused of Hav
ing Threatened Miss
Newman, ii
3
- -*[- ji . i 4 '
Made-to-measure
We are anxious to give you samples of our mado*to-
order suits and have you compare the quality and price
with others. We continually^ urge comparisons because of
:?V; the superiority of our values.'
Where there is a good assortment of patterns and a
certainty of fit, there is a world of satisfaction in biding.
We can satisfy you.
Suppose you see our line of made-to-measure suits for
Every suit tears a "Yeargood" label— a self-explanatory snaran-
te?. Money returned In etery Instance where the customer thinks he
is entitled to it' ;
Out-of-town orders filled— write for samples and self-measuring blank.
T18 Market Street and I
Cop. Powell and Eddy. JOAKLAXD RACETRACK. MOXPAY^DECEMK^IO^— Weatherflne^Track^fast. . _ _
1.462. KIIi^T RACE— Five and a half furlongs; three-year-olds; purse. $300.
j [PoTj I 1 Betting ,
Index jHorte and Weight.] FstiSt. \j. *j. Str. Fin, j Joc^y 8^ Op. HI. Cl. PI.
"?rs i Alice r>ouFherty..i:2!'"irj~2 Tl TI ll 1 »* |N. Turner... 3 5 T-2 7-5
1«15 ;An>.u 112 24 4h i \i * t 21 Jilounce 3 1S-5 1S-5 6-0
1446 , MacGyle 109 l|l 3h SI 31 32 E. Ross..... 15 30 lo 5
1410 ;Bee liee lt*i 4 1 24 21 2H 46 lO'Connor ::; 8-5 6-: 2 7-10
H;-4 Dlomed 10S «7 S2 72 7h 5^J. Woods.... « 8 8 3
762 :S:s<iuoe 1C*' 86 6h 61 51 66 Tullett 30 100 100 40
.... iMaoca.be* IOT Sjfi 9 » S2 7 1 Bozeman .... 15 60 60 15
13S0 'Ar.tolnetta ii# 6U 8H «h 6h 85 jJ. Miller 15 oO 60 12
!450 .Bamhoulla 109| "|9 71 64 9 9 [Coburn. *, 10 S i
Time— 3-16. :1SH; 7-l«, :43; t^f. l:07H. Good start. Won first three drlvlne- Winner. F.
Phillips' ch. £. by Riley-MiM Murphy. Winner enjoyed clear Balling. Anjou pumped out
at ftnlfh. McGyle a promising novice. Bee Vee pupped. Bamboulla won't run from be
hind. Dlcmed ca^ <*°tS"j"^'j££5*£'i2!jT^
J4«i:t. SECOND RACE — Six furlongs; two-year-olds; rurFe, $350.
j jp o .| • r Betting— >
Index ;Hor»« and Weight, j Pet jSt. H- %. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. PI.
14U 'Selie 113 ! 21 11 12 14 13 (Coburn 6-5 8-5 7-5 1-8
J44« iMareea UOj % S IH23 22 21 Mounee 8 8 8 2
1463 iRoillck HO, 44 4 4 3 5 3 10 (O'Connor ... 16-5 1 1-5
.... ;Cora Gc*tz 110 i 12 81 8H4 * jAlexandcr .. 8 15 15 4
Time — \». ::44; 4. :4SV; H. 1:1*4- Bad start. Won easily. Second and third driving. Win
ner. 6. C. Hildreth'* oh. c. by Arra-Floss.le. Plunge on Rollick causrd price against winner.
O'Connor on Rollick rode a poor race, twice getting cut off on back etretch. Cora Goetr
ainrunfasTfr^Tvhfnigadyj^Scratch^^
1401. THIRD RACE— Futurity course; all ages; puree. HOP.
jPo.l [~ ~ [, Betting ,
Index !Hor*e. Age. Weight. iPFtj St. %. %. Str. Fin.] Jockey*. Op. Hi. Cl. PI.
...."; Da r.g'r> Maid. 3.1'"*' El 11 12 12 14 [Mounce 15 20 12 3
:4«1 Grafter. 2 94 1 4i« 61 to 2h 2n J. Martin. ...| 6 20 20 5
.CS Nfvia, 6 10$' 13 4h 2h 41 3n (O'Connor ... 10 10 9 8-5
14J.2 'Alice Turner. S..106] 2 j 2 6 6 6 4 3 Bassinger ..5 8 S 6-5
O3S2) ' Boiling Boer. 2... 105 35 3h 3h 64 55 Coburn ) 2-5 9-20 2-5 —
(frig) Bathos. 3 li; j 6 I 4 2^ 6 1 3 n 8 E. Jones | 20 50 E0 13
Tim«*— To ht. iSl 1 *; to 4. :45%,; laFt *g. l:00 4 4 ; short \, 1:103*. Good 'start. Won cleverly.
S*rnnd and third driving. Winner. S. W. Street's ch. i. by St. Leonard-Hand Maid. Maid
if b last piece of bric-a-brac tlrafter got his. Alice Turner didn't do «o well. Boer re
tr»<»tPd. leaving his laager behind. Seemed to have r»o speed. Scratched— Hermoso 115,
J405. FOURTH RACE— Seven furlongs; handicap: three-year-olds ar.d up; purse, $750.
jPo.j" j , Bettlng~ \
Index Horsf. Age. Weight. PstjSt. hi. 4. Str. Fin.) Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. PI.
OCfi) iHea^water. 4 117; 11 In 4 14 1 n 1 4 jN. Turner... 2 11-5 9-5 1
1445 Herculean. 3 106! 38 S !> 3 1 2 n |E. Ross 10 23 25 8
13€3 Honor.. 4 112 7J 62 71 "4 n 32 ICoburn S 20 15 5
14tt Grand Sachem. 5. S? 56 4n 34 51 41 jLogue 6 15 10 4
.... [Dolly tVeithoff, $.1(8 2 2 8 14 In 21 5 4 jO'Connor ... 3 3 3 6-5
1439 Goldone. 3 105 6 4 5h 5h 6 h C'i ,J. Woods... 6 10 10 4
1411 Lavat.ir 4 100 j 4 j 7 7 h 6 h 7 a 7 10 jJ. Martin... 12 30 30 10
1H2 Asian. 8 113 1 8 I 5 2 1 2 n 8 8 I Mounce 4 7 7 B-3
Time— S. :13; H. :Sf\; %. 1:01^; %, 1:17. Gi-od start. Won first thre« driving. Winner,
F. loneg & Co.'f l>r. g. by !mi>. Watercxess-Hfadtlower. Winner had nothing to beat and
sof nicely handled. Herculf-an on earth again. With any sort of a vigorous ride Grand
Sachem would have won handily. Polly Weithr.ff could have scored at a shorter route.
Asian cut off on barkstretch and fell out of it. Scratched— Pupil 105. Diomed 9S. Prejudice
US. Tor*:n> IIS. Pat Mnrrissey 109.
14GG. FIFTH RACE>->V>e «"«! *•"» elghtn; celling; three-year-olds and up; purye. $400.
' j ~~~Z iPo7\ ¦ , I , Betting ,
Index 1 Horse. Age. We!f ht. jPstjSt. *A. h*. Str. Fin. j Jockeys. Od. Hi. Cl. PI.
<34*S) Ts&ence, 3 UHI 3i5 64 44 11 11 [O'Connor ..3562
1160 Torslda. 5 100] 9 6 2 4 31 2n 21 Ooburn 8 S 6 5-2
144S- Opponent. 5 103 i\i' «h 54 41 33 [J. Woods.... 5-2 3 M-5 1
Hi? Kc#nie. 4 US 12 81 Sh 3h 44 iJ. Miller.... 4 6 5 2
1417 Freo Lance. a....ll2| 6 | 1 2 h" 6 h 5 2 6 4 IN. Turner... 6 8 S 6-2
1<4S> Lnoochfe. 4 l«*i 11 I ! 11 11 7 6 4 iMartin 8 8 8 3
1ST? T>xarkana 5 107 2!4-'-7 4 7h S 7 1 jRomero 100 400 400 100
14^5 iColonel Root. I..1C0I U3U' 10 3 9h 9 8 1 (Stuart CO 100 100 49
141? (Tirade. 4 1'*! 7 13 11 11 «4 9 2 IE. Ross 8 13 15 5
1«"7 M ••¦,:•.>. .« 4 106i 6 { 7 ¦ 4 4v 2n 10 10 15 iMounce SO SO 30 10
1443 'Rio S-hannoti. 3..1'i6 S ,'10 it 1 10 3 11 11 jPrawley ...| 10Q 200 2CO CO
Time— 4. :13; :37\". H. l: ft 3; "m.X:2V: mile, 1:42; IHm, 1:54. Poor start. Won first three
driving. Winner. Burn? & Waterhoifte's b. p. by imp. St. Andrew-Extract. O'Connor
blazed his way through. Torsida nearly turned Kr.«-nig upside down a furlong from the
Ftar.d. L"c<vhee in a bumping match at start. Montanus doing well when cut off on back
etretch. Tirade lame. Scratched — <>wen?boro 101.
J4<57. SIXTH RACE— Mile and seventy yards; selling; three-year-olds and up; purse. $400.
j !Po7j j * ' t Betting
Ind*x t Hor«e. Age. Weight. ;Pst[st, \. 4- Ptr. Fin. { Jockeys, j Od. Hi. Cl. PI.
1449 E-<igardo 3 9?'lfl In In 23 11 'Mounce 4 4 4 3-2
<14«*> Castake. 5 109 6 6 5 »i 4 4 3n 2n :Stuart 3 10 . 10 5-2
N"! Vohicrr 3 S&i <]$ 41 SU In 33 Weir 6 6 5 2
<143<> Sir K'.r.CFton. 3.. 100; 3 i 4 3h 2n 44 41 J. Martin... S-2 3-2 6-5 1-2
14S4 Mitten. 8 P9! 2 I 2 2h 5 4' 5 3 5 10 .Coburn 4 7 7 2
1 4;^ HiDd'jo Pr'c^ig. 3. 35! 5 1 3 6 6 6 6 !J. Daty 10 30 30 V>
Time— V 35; \~. :»O4: %¦ 1:154; mile, 1:404; lm 70yds. 1:44. Good start. Won first three
driving. Winner, C. T. B-x>ts' br. g. by Tigtr-Lucia di Lammermoor. Edgardo ran in im
proved form. Castake b°«l. and better ridcen would have scored. Sir Kingston quit.
VVelr on Yohlcer made his run too soon. Same horse will do better at a shorter distance.
Scratched — Campus 107. Ooldone 103. Donator 109.
RTJSS HOUSE BELLBOY. ONCE A PHILIPPINE MASCOT, CARRIES
POKER DISKS TO THE ROOM OF A FEMALE GUEST INSTEAD OF
SARATOGA CHIPS.
Paddy Ryan Destitute.
NEW YORK, Dec. 10.— Paddy Ryan, one
time champion of the prize ring, is desti
tute. He has lost his speech and is suf
fering with Brlght's, disease. His friends
have started a subscription for his bene
fit. The list is headed by John L;; Sulli
van. Sullivan's fight that made him
champion was with^ Ryan. Afterward
Ryan traveled with him as his sparring
partner. " • .'. '<•'
"The Tongue of Liberty" is thetltl© of
a late novel. Of course the heroine la a
marriedwomm.' '»'-'•'¦'-*-•
DENVER,' Dec. 1Q.— A special to the
Republican from Colorado' Springs says:
Harry Vardon of "England, the champion
golfer, on the Town and Gown Club'*
links to-day defeated Instructor Camp
bell and II. B. Davis by a score of 3 up
and 2 to play, and Jewett and Davis by
the narrow margin ¦ of one stroke. They
were both 18-hole games.
Victory " for Vardon.
A meeting of those Interested In the new
league will be held In "Chicago about De
cember 20, immediately after the meeting
of the American League. The circuit will
then be definitely made up. I
It is likely that Patsy Tebeku will man
ape the Detroit team. If he does not
come to Detroit he will manage the Kan
sas City team, which will ,be owned by
James Manning:, who controls tho Ameri
can League franchise in that city.
George "Deacon" Kills will hold the
franchise at Grand Rapids, and C. J.
Strobel will be the magnate at
Toledo. Clarence Saulspaugh is to
be the owner of tha Minneapolis
team. It has not been decided who
will be in charge at ' St." -¦ Paul. If Indian
apolis Is a member of the league the team
there will be owned by W. -H. Watklns,
and if Buffalo Is a member Alderman
James Franklin will control that team.
George W. Burnham. of this city, will
be vice president and manager of the new
league, a name for -which has not yot
been chosen. The new league will absorb
the Interstate Leajrue.
DETROIT, Dec 10.— A new baseball
league has been organized, of which Ban
Johnson, "president of the American
League, will be president, says the Even
ing: News this afternoon. The following
cities will make up the circuit: Detroit,
Grand Rapids, Toledo, Louisville, Minne
apolis, Bt. Paul, Kansas City and either
Indianapolis or Buffalo. Papers were
signed here to-day by Messrs. Burns' and
Stallings, owners of the Detroit Ameri
can League team, leasing both their
downtown and Sunday ball parks for ten
years to Attorney T. J. Navin, who rep
resents the owners of the local franchise
in the new league. The schedule of the
new league will be made so that tho De
troit team will be at homo when the Am
erican League team is on the road.
Paul and Minneapolis.
Includes 3>etroit, Grand Rapids, St.
NEW BASEBAXL LEAGUE.
First race— David 8, Tenny Bell?, Flattcier.
Second race— Greenock, Tyr. Olinthus.
Third race— Vantine. Tlrona. The Singer.
Fourth race— St. Cuthbert. Theory. Ordnung
JHrth race— Merry Boy. El Mldo, Flamero.
Sixth race— Dr. Bernays, Flush of Gold, Florf-
Probable Winners.
Sixth race— Mile and a sixteenth; two-year
olds and up; handicap:
1452 Florirar ,.1101 1461 Dr. B«nayi....iO8
UUDlTlloa S2 (14f.3)Selde ."... 97
1400 Flush of Gold..l00l 1419 The Fmter...'.US,
Fifth race— Seven furlongs; three-year-olds
and up; Felling:
14C1 El Mido 104 f 1454 La Hasc«tta...l01
1443 Owensboro 102 1S98 Jingle Jlnisle...l01
1419 AFtpr 101 1S3S ilerry Boy 101
1434 Wyiming 104 14J7 Imperious ....104
1454 Flumero 101 1454 Loxaond ....... 102
1480 Snips 107 1448 Alaria 'lOl
Fourth rare— Six furlong*; three-year-olds and
up; purse:
<1454)OrdnunK .......104! 13M Good Hope. 99
144S St. Cuthbert 109| 1459 Prejudice 104
1443 OBmond 99! 1440 Dunboy 99
(144S)Theory 104| 14C4 Bathos 97
Lennep 10S 1432 Florinel II 99
.... Sam Kullen 110| ....Imp. Br'dbrlm.102
Third race— Five and a. half furlongs; three
year-olds; selling: ,,
1438 Dr. Boyle 99 1454 Vantine ........109
14&4 The Singer. :...10S .... Finch 93
.... Talma ,.102 1297 Billy Mooro.... 99
1450 Ned Dennis 9? 1412 MackFlecknoe .109
1450 Summer 1CS 1462 Slsquoc S»
1440 Tlzona 9»i 1254 Formatus 99
Second race— One mile; two-year-olds and up*
xuree:'
1«8 Irate 79 1455 Loconoroo 109
1441 Tyr 82 13S7 Greenock 10J
1455 Jim McCleevy.. 107 J445 Olinthus .... 104
1239 Socialist 104 :
There will likely be a squabble over the
ownership of True Blue. Billy Appleby
claims to hold a bill of sale to the crack
sprinter under certain conditions. Gill
Summers recently offered $2500 for the
horse, and now has a bill of sale from
the animal's owner, so 'Us said.
The yearlings from Santa Anita stock
farm. Rancho del Sierras and Oneonta
stock farm will be sold at the Occidental
Horse Exchange to-morrow evening. They
are said to be the choicest offered for sale
this season am) are attracting much at
tention.
Following are to-day's entries: .
First race— Five furlones; all ages; selling:
1438 Abba L.... 91 ml Cougar 109
13S5 David S 106 1417 M&xello 129
1401 I Don't Know. .114 1UI Flatterer 103
1395 Modder 106 1436 Tenny Belle... 101
100S Mamie Hild'th.lOC 1460 I>r Marks.. 114
1457 Mountain Dew.114 14J8 Onyx ""lit
Track Notes.
Burns & Waterhouse entry favorite over
Seide. It proved an unwise selection, for
Seide, with Coburn in the saddle, took
the lead at the start and was never head
ed. The favorite failed to beat out JIaresa
for place honors.
An uneasy, fretful feeling prevailed
throughout the betting on the seven-fur
long handicap, finally resulting in Head
water, the top weight, closing- favorite.
Of the other starters Dollie Welthoff and
Asian were about the only ones accorded
any great amount of support. Nash Tur
ner on the choice had said adieu to his
field before the bend for home was neared,
and with nothing to spare breasted the
tape a half-length before the 25 to 1 chance
Herculean. Dollie Welthoff had speed and
would have been dangerous at a shorter
route. Mounce on Asian was unfortunate
In being cut off before reaching the far
turn, the chestnut horse being completely
knocked off his stride.
Winnie O'Connor and Essence formed
the winning combination in the mile and a
furlong event. The <leld was a large one.
and 5 to 1 wa«* quoted against the Burns
& Waterhousti horse. When about half
the trip had been completed O'Connor
took the front position and driving hard
at the finish was a length In advance of
Torslda. Johnny Woods hard at work on
Opponent, the 13 to 5 choice, ran third.
Koenig met with considerable hard luck,
and Free Lance and Locochee both disap
pointed their adherents.
Sir Kingston carried a bundle of coin
on his chances to annex the final mile and
fifty yard run, and failed woefully. Ed
gardo with Mounce up and 4 to 1 In the
ring shook off Vohicer in the run home
beating Castake a length. The latter horse
was best, and with more judicious hand
ling would have been returned winner
Kor some reason the knowing ones land
rfl on Rollick to win the two-year-old
number at fix furlongs, installing the
Frank Phillips" shifty filly Alice Dough
erty made her first appearance this sea
son in the oppninp da?h. and wort all the
way. at odds of 4 and 5 to 1. Bee Boe
again had th*> call, but finished fourth,
behind Anjou and MacGyle.
Th* attendance was larffe. and while no
fault could be found with th«* sport. It
muft be said winners were hard to pick.
Hpad water, the handicap winner, was the
only successful choice.
As if it were not enough that four other
favorites should fall by the wayside, Roll
ing Boer concluded to go back on the tal
ent at Oakland yesterday. Billy Cahili's
Sturdy colt was carded «j? one of eight
starters in the third event— a sprint over
the Futurity course. With Gold Or and
Hermofjo absentees it looked a soft spot
lor the little biiy, so the left-handed bet
tors unloaded at the short price of 2 to 5.
•"Monk" Coburn was unable to get Boer
into a respectable gallop, and "Doc"
Str^t'F ftlly Dangerous Maid, a 20 to 1
shot, paraded past the Judges, an easy
winner over drafter, another •'write-your
own ticket" horpe. The Ju<ige3 asked
Trainrr Sam Hildreth what had become
of the favorite's npeed. He said the colt
was worked seven furlongs in 1:30 on Sun
dav, and he was at a loss to account for
his Blmwlng:. Mr. Cahill fell with the
other speculators, and it will have to be
jotted <lown with many other unexplain
able happ^nlr.Pf: of racing. '
By F. E. MULHOLL.A.lSro.
Exhibition of Photography.
Miss L. Adams, Dr. A- Genthe, "W. J.
Platt, A. L. Coombs, Oscar Maurer, "W. J.
Street, W. E. Dassonville and others gave
an exhibition of high art photography, II-?
lustratlng the high art bromides, at 139
Stockton street yesterday. Portraits and
landscapes were shown.
CHICAGO. Dec 10. — The Graeco-Roman
wrestling match, at the Coliseum to-night
between John J. Rooney, the "Giant Grip
man," and Paul Pons of France ended in
Rooney being declared the winner because
Pons refused to continue after having lost
the first fall on a foul. The attendance
was small.
Booney "Wins.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Dec. 10.— Dave Sul
livan of New York got the decision on' a
foul over Tim Callaghan of Philadelphia
in the eighteenth round of what waa to
have been a twenty round bout before the
New Southern Athletic Club to-night.
Sullivan G-ets Decision.
Rival Performers Now Appearing
. Here Will Act New Parts on
the Diamond.
Two rival actor teams will stamp and
cavort on the diamond of Recreation
grounds this afternoon, beginning at 1:30
o'clock. They have been selected from
the Alice Nielsen Company and the Or
pheum vaudeville ranks.
Tragedy is barred, so is melodrama, but
base hits and stolen bases will be au fait.
Alice Nielsen, who is a female fanatic,
and has as keen an eye for baseball per
formances as her voice is true and melo
dious, "will pass judgment on the nice
points of the came. At "least she savs
she will- from a vantage point in the.
grand stajid. Tho real umpire will be
Hughey Smith.
The Nielsen Company team has won
many honors on the diamond. "Up
against it will they go." says the Ger
man comedian at the Orpheum, "When
us they meet."
The game will be for a dinner. The
cast will be made up as follows:
Nielsen's. Positions. Orpheums.
¦Welblev or Burton Pitcher Stanfleld
Richards Catcher ...; Plume
Butler First base Barrett
Randall Second bas« Hughes
Corse Third base Roma
Lawless Shortstop H. Franks
Dale Left Held Haughey
Xye Center field Davis
Ruthven Right Held Robertus
THEATEICAL MEN ARE
TO PIiAY •RAST.BAT.L
HE Russ House has a new bell
j boy. He has seen a deal more
1 of the world than most bell boys.
)1 His home is in Buffalo. N. T.
When the Seventh Artillery of
Washington passed through the Pan-
American Exposition city last summer en
route for the Philippines John G. Woel
fllng, now the Russ House bell boy, whs
on his way to school.
The blare of the drums and the glitter
of brass buttons and swords were too
much for Woelfllng's youthful fancy. He.
too, .would be a soldier, ajid with this
resolution firmly rooted in his brain he
followed the artillery to the depot. With
bJI the "gall" of Peck's bad boy he board-
"Where are the chips?" protested the
guest. "Will you please bring me up
some chips?"
The bell boy of two days hustled down
stairs and made a bee line for the bar
room.
VGlm'me some chips," he shouted to
the bartender, with the air of -a profes-*"
slonal gambler. A roll of poker chips waa
deposited carefully on the tray and the
youth scampered back to the guest's
room. The woman nearly fainted when
sha (jaw the card chips.
The Buffalo youth says he procured tho
kind of chips they used over in the Philip
pines, and that he supposed, of course?
there was but one kind to be had here.
So it happened that Woelfllng went to
the Philippines. According to his story he
was in the thickest of several hot en
gagements with the Filipino rebels, and
it was just because he was on the line
of march that the commander ordered
him back to the United States. He came
home on the last government transport,
drifted into the Russ House in search of
a job and got a place as bell boy.
Sunday was his second day "on." One
of the lady guests rang for a bell boy and
young Woel fling answered. The guest
wanted dinner sent to her room. The boy
returned in half an hour with a nice
Hteak, but the chef had overlooked the
Saratoga chips.
ed the train, fell in with some of the boys
and finally persuaded them to take him.
along as their mascot.
probably be regarded as a precedent.
Some time in July, 1S34. tha American
Jockey Club entered into a compact with
the English Jockey Club agreeing to re
ciprocal relations between' the two bodies.
That compact is still in effect. Just prior
to that a committee of three representing
the Turf Congress cama to New York ana
in a conference with the Jockey Club full>
agreed to reciprocal relations between the
two home institutions, which, however,
only lasted until October of that year, and
though the two todies have a friendly un
derstanding still ther*j is no compact in
black and white in force, and nothing ob
ligatory.
The differences between the two home
bodies were caused, by Edward Corrigan
demanding the privilege of running a for
eign book at one of his California meet
ings. He captured the Turf Congress by
votes of proxies he produced and carried
his point. Thus while the Jockey Club is
In close affiliation with the English body,
the Turf Congress only recognizes its rul
ings-, by courtesy, and is in no manner
bound to this or the English Jockey Club.
Sloan's standing with other foreign raq
ing associations is practically the same
as it is in America. All are on the closest
terms of friendship and reciprocity with
the English Jockey Club, bo he would
have no chance to ride anywhere If of
ficially suspended in England.
Midweek reserve stake, elxty-four entries:
Pasha Kennels* Rest Assured vs. J. Trade's
Old Glory; J. Cane's Master Davenport vs. J.
Strahl's Three Cheers; R. -L. Taylor's (names)
Brilliant Beauty vs. P. J. Rellly'a (names)
Peter West: Curtis & Sons' Echo vs. T, W.
Bartels' Betsy Barrow; Pasha Kennels' Risky
Attempt vs. Pasha Kennels' Rollicking Airs;
B. Sweeney's Cottage Lass vs. P. J. Rellly's
Plcughboy; M. B. Kavanaugh's Hard Lines vs.
J. Dean's Warco; Chlarlnl Bros. 1 Brass Button
vs. H. A. Deckelman's Belle Rocket; George
Shannon's St. Valentine vs. Pasha Kennels'
Real Article; J. H. Perlgo's Lady Davenport
vs. George Bharman's Bowery Boy; D. J.
Healey's Urania vs. A. Johnson's Mountain
Beauty; John Charlton &• Son's Temple v*.
Gecrge Sharman's Annie Lawrence; P. Jack
son's Honor Bright vs. William Jones' Mon
tana Jack; H. Lynch's Lilac vs. H. Lynch's
Claiborne; Curtis & Sons' Roslnante vs. P.
Doyle's Thelma; F. McComb's (names) Bona
Fide vs. A. Johnson's Lowlander; W. N.
Hoar's Cecil M ve. F. Rothman's Justice;
Sterl & Knowles' Rusty Gold vs. H. A- Deckel
man's Flyaway; R. E. de B. Lopez & Son's
Sara vs. J. C. O'Donnell's The Owl; George
McDougall's Colonel Lopez vs. D. J. Healey's
Tapioca; George Sharman's Mies Skyrocket vs.
John Kerrigan's Roxana: H. Lynch's Llntcn
vs. A. C. Llghthall's Master Albert: J. H.
Perlgo's Controller vs. Curtis & Sons' Kibosh;
J. E. Hoskins' Kin* Cashier vs. D. J. Healey'a
Nlcaslo; W. J. Leonard's Daylight vs. J.
Keenan's - Dreadnaught; George Nethercott's
Ruby R vs. gterl & Knowles' Ripple; J. Kee
nan's Sleigh Bells vs. L. F. Bartela' Best Bar
gain; L. F. Bartels' Broken Bracelet vs. J.
Maroney"6 (names) J L R; E. H. Mulcaster's
(names) Safeguard vs. J. Carroll'* Auckland;
R. E. de B. Lopez & Eon's The Levlte- vs. A.
Baker's Kanaka; Georee Sharman's' St. Ivea
vs. R. E. de B. Lopez & Son's Usurer; Sterl
& Knowles' CHara vs. Pasha Kennels' Ran
dom Aim.
The usual midweek coursing stake will
te decided to-morrow at Union Park. The
stake is limited to sixty-four entries,
these being the best greyhounds out of a
large number offered for competition. The
sport will commence upon the arrival of
the 10:15 a, m. train. The draw last night
resulted aa follows:
Coursing Meeting To-Morrow
at Union Park.
Sixty-Four Fast Dogs Entered for the
GREYHOUNDS OF CT*ASS
IN THE MIDWEEK STA£E
The Turf Congress courses In this coun
try will in a measure be governed by the
action of the president of the California
Jockey Club, who has already cabled to
England for further information concern
ing the action taken against the famous
rider. Whatever action he takes later will
NEW YORK, Dec. 10.— Racing . men In
this country are coming to the conclusion
that Tod Sloan's career as a Jockey is end
ed. The ban on .him seems to be world
wide. The opportunity for a man who Is
considered by many the greatest Jockey
of his time Is narrowing down to so small
a compaes that It is now only a remote
possibility that he will ever throw his leg
over a horse again in a race. '
The French Jockey Club, under its rules,
seems to have no alternative but to refuse
him permission to ride in races run under
Its jurisdiction.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
TOD SLOAN'S RIDING DAYS
BELIEVED TO BE ENDED
Racing Men Express .the Opinion That
He Is Effectively Barred.
rr THE SAN FRANCISCO OAIit, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1900.
placed— Choices Still Out of Luck.
Starts an Odds-On Favorite and Is Un-
ROLLING BOER BURNS UP
MONEY OF THE WISE ONES
HE APPLIES AS BELLBOY
WHAT HE LEARNS IN ARMY
Hotel Guest Orders Saratoga Chips and
Is Served Rbker Disks. *
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
4
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Economical soap is one
that a touch of 'cleanses.
Pears' shaving soap is
the best in all the world.
AU sorts of people use Pears* soap, all sorts
of stores sell it, especially druggists.
SANTA CLAUS WILL ARRIVE
IN DUB TIME
to present the compliments of tho season
to our patrons on a beautiful laundered
shirt front, collar or cuff. We aro sure
that all will be happy when they see the
festal Yuletide polish that we will lay on
their linen, and at the same time extend
our best wishes for their health, so that
they can soil enough linen for tha next
year to keep us busy.
Domestic finish for full-dress shirts If
you order it.
No saw edjjea.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4- Market Street
Telephone — South 42O,
Oakland Office— 62 San Pablo Ave.
w& WfflB «j"io!b Jd M3L
ffj ™ J& JptH ffyg En wL_z^u
BBUg«/ 1 J* ,^^y§EH cannot be cured by
V£*?-^Vt?V>* jTiiZ&y »al v «». lotions, com.
K^^mhT^-^ >?y roon truu'i, or
|» — '•^¦v*Jff.f'-SSLr "Quack" operation*.
II—^VKvC^"DR. PIERCE'S MAGNETIC
K fM£\. ELECTRIC TRUSS" Is dlf-
ti y/B\ fe-ent It does the worKl
\ C7" "BOOKLET NO. 1" rIvos
full information. Call cr writs
for It.
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.
6SO Market st. (opp. Palace Hotel). S. F.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE, INVIQORA-
tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits.
NABER, ALFS & BRUNE. Agenta.
»23 Market Bt.. 8. F.— (Send for Circulars.)
BATLROAD TBAVEL.
Santa Fe
Trains— Da"y
t**Y« Mart«t-«tr*et Wmtrr Depot.
im Ban FrmacUoo. »:00 a m 4:10 p m l.-«0 p m
•* Frtino ..—... 4:20 p m «:05 a m
" Vl*all» •:00 pm 4*0 a »
•- Tulare .'» l:apm l :l £* m
» Haiford S:S3pm l :< ** m
«• Bakerafleli ... 1:60 pm T:SO a m
- penver 19:00 t m "
•• Kansaa City... |ilf P «P
'".- Chlcato ti«q»m |
1 1 a, m. train Is the Overland Express. Corra-
¦pondlnB train arrives -at • p. m. dally.
p. m. Is Stockton I«ocal. Corraspoodlna
train arrlTea 11:05 a. m. dally.
1:00 p. m. Is Fresno and Bak*r»fl»M Expr«m*,
with Sleeping Cars for both cUlts. Corrtapcnd*
tor train arrlvta at I (l m. d»Uy. ,
1 OFFICES— «41 Market st. and In Ferry Depot*
tfop Fzaaclaco: HIS BroaArray. Oakland.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto f* y.
' ''¦'--¦' Conunenclnsr September 30. 1300.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VAUaBY
- AND BAN RAFAKI*
WEEK DAY&-«:55. "J-.W. 11:00 a. m». n-ll
»:15.' 4:C0, 6:15, •6:15, «:« p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Ban
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays aad Sat-
urdays at 9:00 and 11:33 p.'m.
BUNDAYS-»8:00. »10:0O. *liaO a. m. •Mi.
8:15.' NM5. i:Z\ 9:00 p. m. .
Trains marked (•) run to 'Ban Quentln.
*$?&& A Sa?^^ WV^"^
•12:S0, 1:45. »J:30, 4:30. 5:20 p.' ml °"
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 1:45 and 10:20 p. m.
WEEK DATS-5:«. 1:45. 7:53. 9:30 al mT
12:25. 2:10. 8:J0. 4:51. 5:20 p. m. *
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:09. 10:05 a. m.. 12:C5. 2:15, 8:30.
6:00, €:« P. m. •' ¦¦ ~ T* **
THROUQHTRAINa
6:55 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions, winy ' i"»fMi *#'¦"¦ ja^^iiiwsn «aVs^i^mj iii
1:43 p. m. Saturdays— Tomales aad way sta-
tions. • *"TTBp»%stm \B immvmiww **»tMm
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Tdmalea • aad mj sta-
ADVERTTSEKrEirrS.
WQfflAH'S WEIGH
I>>es not always keep pace vrith woman's
will. There are energetic, home-loving
¦women who by sheer force of will keep
themselves going, and fancy that strength
of will can take the place of strength of
body. Eut it can't. Every day will see
- q loss of
y/^/^P* /< of ¦weight. When
( S\ *"' ' T the weight begins
\ I \ / to fall below the
\ &r***9'3fr*\ rjormal it is time to
n women
S js*iJ«1?*v<!»v^L 1Ea y be traced to
E^* M^°*" == '" * S heals inflarn-
\ x< t iiiation and
> ¦ — ulceration,
«r.«? cures female weakness. Where the
dUease is marked by loss of flesh, there is
a cteady regaining of weight coincident
with the cure which proves the renewal
of health to be thorough and permanent.
"Thrc*- v«-ars ego." writes Mrs. John Graham,
of aoi8 Plumb Street (Frankfcrd), Philadelphia,
I'cbtis. "I had a \-ery bad attack of dropsy
wkich left me with heart trouble, and also a
vnrr weak back. At times I was so bad that I
d;4"not know what to do with myself. I came
to Philadelphia two years ago, and picking up
ot« of your Tittle books one day began to read
wftat your * Favorite Prescription ' had done for
others. I dr^ermined to try it myself. I took
Ktca bottles, and to-day I am a strong, well
w«man, weighing 162 pounds. Have gained 29
rymad* fince I started lo use your .'Favorite
P/rscription/ "
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets cleanse the
I « weis end fciimulatc the eluggish liver.
A Most Acceptable Present
For Lady or Gentleman !
THE ONLY PRACTICAL METHOD EVER INVENTED.
SAVES TIME, TEMPER, ROOM AND CLOTHES.
AnnC to the life of Clothing by keeping it In good condition and 'giving: it
*^ 1 -' 1 -'*^ that much sought for fresh-from-the- tailor appearance
1 RTP Jlf»TC from the care and worry of life by putting order and con- •
OtD 1 ft/AV^ 1 O venlence Into the closet and doubling or trebling its ca-
. , ,."-' - .~ pacity.
Mill TIDI IFCyour Joys by enabling you to find what you want at a
IUIJL ' * ¦r^l-»al-.Ogi ance( and without displacing a single garment other than
the one desired. ; . •
SETS ARE $3.00 EACH, PREPAID BY EXPRESS.
Two Sets in '.One Shipment $5.50. .
! ; : *,- ; Sample Goodf orm Closet_ Sets are J1.00 each. |\ . r . .^ v-_
For Men there are 4 Garment Tokee, 2 Trousers Hangers, and 1 Loop.
For "Women there are 4 Garment Yokes, 4 Skirt Hangers, and 1 Loop.
Automatic Trousers Hanger.25c; 4 for $1.00 I Shelf Bar............... ....25c; 4 for $1.00
Closet Loops...... .........25c; 4 for 1.00 1 Automatic Skirt Hanger..... 15c; 8 for 1.00
i^»'^ . , . Garment Yoke. .'....VM...... ..10c; 12 for 51.00 ;
PALACE HARDWARE CO.
. 603 Market Street, San! Francisco. v.
IMPORTERS FINE CARVERS. '•¦ CUTLERY. MANICURE GOODS. SCIS-"
. ' ¦ : .. • ¦-"¦>.:: SORBETS^ ETC/;' : V'-< •'..-: ¦:. ¦'¦ ' ' ' -¦
ACENTS CORBIN'S ART HARDWARE. '..'¦¦
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A»os^ivel7 cared by tbeSO
little Pills.
TJieyalsorBlleve Distrcssfrom Vjspap^Bt
fod^estion and Too Hearty Eating. A per*
feet remtdy fcr Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste to the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain In tha Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowds. Purely Vegetable. ' .
Small Pill* Small Dose*
SmftH Price. 7
¦RATT.'Rn^ TBAVEL.
iodthru rtiiiritt conr.(.tT.
(rACirio §tstcm.>
Tr*lna !•»•• »•••• «»r» «•••• »• «rrl*« at
. HAN ritAN<:iM<«».
(M*'«n Line. Foot of Uarlcet Slra«t.>
L«*n — From DicsMBfa 1. 13C3. — ak&xtv
•7jOOa Benldv Salmi. EUnir*. V*»«i.!a,
Kunis^y »aJ S»or*aiento *7t4Sr
*7i«*A ShMta Exprea*— Da»to, WUll.au (tot
Bartlett SprlupX Willow*. Ued
Bluff, Portland. "7J43F
•7i3il » il wtinez, 3au lUioon.Vallejo. N" ;; t,
¦ 1 CaJlstog* aud H»nt» Rou # <JiI3p
•H:OO a D*»H. Woodland. Knightt Laadin«.
MarTSTllle, Orotille *Tt*3r
•K:OOa AtUotic Kipre»-O«d«n and Eait *3:45r
•S:Oi».i NUrs, lirenaora, Tr»«7, Lathrop,
SiociSon •• *7il3»
• b>3oa S»u .Iomt. LtTermOTe, fltuektou.
Inn* Maerkinento. FUnntlla.
M»rj»»»l». Chico, UedBluS Mil.ir
•««a»* O»kd»l?. Chinese. Sonera. Carten... MiISp
•U:OOa Hajwards, Nilcsand Way SUtlooi. *11U3*
•UsOOtLos Aagetea Express— Martinex.
Tr»o». L*tbrop. nitockton. MaioeU
Fresno «ud Lo» Aiigales !?'!?'
•DiSOa Vall^jo, Martina anil Way Stations # ai*3p
• io:ooa TheO»erUndLlmited-O|d«a, D«n-
Ter, Omaha. Chicago ••>43f
•llsno* NUe», Stockton. rt*uraawnto. Men-
dot^ Fre«no. llauford. VUall».
r-rtertill» •-•¦•• *****'
•IIiOOa U»..-iaore. SanjOT. Goshen Juao-
Uon, Bakersfleld, Lo» An«ole«
tl:«OP Sacramento Klrer Steamaro.. ....... t»iOO*
•3:OOp IlaTvrarda. Nileaand Wa» 8Utlona. •ai*»r
M:»«r Martluer. Hau Itamou. VaUeJo.
Napa, Call«to«a. Santa Roa» •»«!»»
•l.oop HnuU. Winters. aaortniento,
Wooatand, KulgLU LanJiul.
Mar»a»Ille, Ofotille i2'12 4
MiSnrHijwuda. Mlea aud San .1<»«..^.. t«»»*
•5:O«r Nlloa. larermoro and Stockton. ...... 1 •»-*»*
*l:OOp Suruet Limited, E Taao, Kew
Orleac* aad EMt «10:13a
•3:«»rTbi Owl Limited— Tracy, Fr««an.
Bakeraflald. Saugns (or SaaU Bar-
' bara. Loa Aneolea. # l«tl»*
•3HM»r Sew Otleana Express— Bakerafleld.
M»!iti» Barbara. Los ADrHes, Uetn-
Ing. El Pmo. N«w Orieanj and
Eaat •TiM*
•AiOOp Harvard*. Miles and San Josa a 7i4.1*
««:UUr Vaflejo "11:4s*.
•tftOOr Oriental 5Ij.11 -Og '.en, Cheyenne.
OmaSa, Chicajo •*»43*
••:00p Orieotal Mail-Ozden. Deuter,
Omtha, Cbicaso. Mil3r
•7:OOr Oregon and Califi.ru! i 1S2presa.8ao>
rMinentu. Marimilla. ICo.Mln*.
PortUixi. Puget Suutid ana Rask *«»I5»
•SiOSrSaa Psblo, P«ti Cosu, Maxtlnes
• i.d Way 8Utionj # 11»45*
lgtO3p Vall>)» »»li4»A
coin Dififtioa p»tiw iiasmii
(Foot of Market Street. »
*SiI3a Newark. Onteiti;ie,S*uJose.Felton,
Boulder Creelt.SautaCruxind Way
StaUona »«iS»»
f3il Sr Newark, CaoterTlUe. Ban .lose, New
Almaiten. Ksltnu. noolder Orfok.
Banta C'rtu aad rrinolpal Way
Stations... f I fli.KU
•4:15r Newark, San Jom. Loa Oatos *8:»0*
aX>::»Op Hunters' Excursion, Ban Jos* and
Way Stations ?7raOy
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rr»Sll HilClSCO— tnt if Mirkil Itrid (5U> 8)—
17:15 9 00 11:00a.m. 1:93 S:39 3-53 rw.
fr.aOHUU- rnl»:Btnimtj<—t(l:Q0 Ji 00 1$M
10:OO«.». 1IC3 8:83 «:83 *S:33p.m.
COAST DITISKM (Broad flaage).
(Third and Townaend 8U.)
? 8sI0a Ocean Vlaw, South San Francisco.. t»*::n»p
»7:ot>A Sau Jos* a»<l Way BUUnna (New
Alinadan Wo.lnmdiji only) *liJ9»
•»iOO« Han Joae. Trea Plnoa. Hauta Cnn.
¦ FaelUo GroTe, Paso ltoblesi Hao
Luis Obfapo, Surf, Lompoc aud
Principal Way Stations Mil*F
•lOitOA 8an Josa and Way Stations. *AiX1t
•1 ItSO* 8au Joae aud Way Stationa •3ii«i
fai-lSr San Uateo^ Redwood, Meolo Park.
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, Ban Jose;
Tres Plnos, Santa Crux, SaUnaa,
Monterey ami Paciflo Gtots...... tlOi:w»
f3iX«r San Joae and Way Htatloua •?>3np
4-l:13r SaaJoaeaudPrincipal W»jMs«tlmn •»: 15a
(3:imrS»n Joa«, Los Qato* and Principal
WaySUtions *9iO«a
•SsHOp San Jo»e and Principal Way Stations * a i34a
•G:.ior S»n Joso and Way Stations tftiOOA
qlli45p San Joggand Way Station* *7:30-
A for Mornina, P f or A f Unoon.
¦Dally. ? Sunday «xr»r>ted. X Sundaj only.
f Mondays, Wednesday*, FrMaji.
« Tuesdays, ThnrsJa T3, Sundays.
a Saturday onl;.
CALIFORNIA NORTB¥ESTEBIl II. CO.
IjE33SHJH
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
TIBURON FSaiRT— FOOT O? MARKET BT.
Son Franolsco to Saa Rafael.
tV"EEK PATS— 1:3^ »:00. iliOQ a. m.; X3:J3. SJ9.
5:10. 6:S0 p. m. Tauradays— Extrm trip at U;W
p. m. B»tQrd»ya» BLrtra, trlpa as l^W aad.
11:30 D. ja.
BL'N*DAYS-flrt». »:30. n:» a. m.; 1-J0. «J0. i;00,
<:20 s. m.
6an Rafael to Smn Prsraolsco.
WKCK t>ATS— *¦¦!% »:*>. t ja^UilO a. na.: «.-«.
|:49, 5:li) p. ra. eat areaj-*— Extrm tzlp* «X l.-U
Attd t:ii I>. to.
SUNDAYS-Jao. J:W. 11:13 a. m.: 1;». IA&, I.-flJ.
1:23 n. m.
BftwMj Saa Francisco mad Bchnsrtwm TmjtX.
¦am* acb«duJ» *a aboTa.
Leave j In Efftct j ArrlTw
Ban Franeiaco. f Nov. 7. 1*00. Baa Fraacl»oa,
~Week J Pun- I 1 Run- I Waek
Days. I days. . I Destlaatlsn. | days. | U».y:
7:30 am S .00 axn Xovato. 19:40 am 8:40 am
t:30 pro ):30azn Pctaluma, *:06 pm 10-.J3 am
1:10 pm 8:C0 pm Santa Roaa. 7:33 pa «:O pm
Fulton,
T:ta am tS'lndsor, 13J» am
Haald9burg«
Lytton,
G«78ervUle,
1 :30 pm grflOam Cloyprdala. T;g pm) >H >w
1:30 ami I Hopland,
I 8:00 ami and L'klah. 7:33 pta( Sir pm
7:30 am] ~~ [Mt25 aa
1:00 am GnsTaTrlTla. TriB pta
1:30 pm| J t:tt pra
f :30 am S:00 axn Boaom* i:Xi am S:40 am
and. • .. ¦
5:10 pm 5:00 pm GI*n Ellen, (:05 pm 1:11 pm
T:30 am) 8:00 ami 110:4) am!l0:K> am
3:30 pmi 5:00 pmi Scbastopol | 7:33 pm| »:» pni
BU(M connect at Santa Rosa for Mart We*t
Eprtnys and Wbltt Sulphur Sprln<r»: at Fulton
for Alwurta; at Lytton for Lytton 8prlnc«: at
OayaervlUa for Sicacss Springs: *t Cloverdal*
for tba Oeysers: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs, Illgtland Springs, KeiaeyrUl*. Carls-
bad Sprints. Soda Bay. Laie-porf and Bartlett
Sprlnn; at Uktah for Vichy. Sprtn/s, Baratoja
Spring3. Blu» Lake*. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Bprtnta. Vpp«r Lake. Pomo, Potter y» l }j7'
John Day's. Rlvei-slda. LUrley's. Baclcaell a.
Sanhedrtn Heights. Hullvllle, Orr-s Hot Sprlnga.
Mendodno City. Fort Brajg;. '.Wjatport. Lsal,
Wllleu. IxaytonTil*. CummJacs. B«I1 s Sprlnj-a.
Harris. Olsens, Dyer. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday rpynd-trto Uckets at r»-
4; On d Sunaays. roand-trlp tickets to all points
tMrvond Rafael at half ratea.
W Market ,t. Chronic!, build.
I— — ¦ Xt. .V. ltXA.1.
£. C WHITTKO. C««- Fa*»- A«t-
Ggn. Manayr.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
leaves San Francisco, via. Sausallto F«rry:
WEEK DAYS. ...9:15 a. m.; 1:43 aad 4:M o. m.
SUNDAYS 1:00. 10:00.- 11:30 and 103 p. ro.
Fan. 8aa Fraadaco to Summit aad Ratum.
llEW TAVERN OF TAMAIJPAI3 NOW OPEN.
Tlclft ofgeea. K\ Market st,; 8auaaUto Ferry,
>^"^"?^ Dr. Gibbon's Disjjensary,
4^^>'<a . Oi2^ K«A«5nr ST. Established
fjartv/ggj Jjiwa-ses. L<nt ilanhowL Debiiitv <,r
VSSotKM *± n D T : ?? e! Vn The I'octorcureswhen
JXS^ngothers fall. Try him. Charts tow.
r%Q^5^iiiJ1 »rn|tiinrniilrr<!. CallorwriLe
l>r. J. r. yiDPoai. San rracclaco. Cat j
WeeMy Gall Sl;00 uerYeapMISS TRULY SHATTUCK, A FORMEPv SAN FRANCISCO GIRL, WHO
RETURNS AS A VAUDEVILLE STAR AND WILL SOON APPEAR AT
THE ORPHEUM THEATER.
I The North residence was badly gutted
by the flames. Mrs. North had accumu
lated quite a museum of curiosities dur
ing her vacation trips and many of these
were destroyed. The actual damage to
the house and contents will probably
amount to above $5000, as a valuable li
brary, piano and organ were destroyed or
badly damaged by water.
When the fire started Mrs. Anderson,
mother of Mrs. North, was lying on her
bed in an upper chamber, being an inva
lid. The house was filled with smoke, but
Officers O'Connor and McDonough rushed
in and carried Mrs. Anderson out to a
place of safety. It was necessary to
knock out a number of boards In the fence
in order to avoid' the flames, which were
mounting higher each moment before tho
arrival of the engines. As soon as the of
ficers succeeded in getting the helpless
woman through the fence she was taken
to the residence of Captain Leale of the
steamer Bay City, and made comfortable
for the night. ¦
While Fire Marshal Towe was about to
enter the burning residence he slipped on
the pavement approaching the place and
was unable to rise. He was hurried off to
the Receiving" Hospital, where Dr. Put
nam found that bis left leg was badly
sprained. After treatment he was sent to
his home.
A fire in the basement of the residence
of Mrs. E. M. North, 2414 Pacific avenue,
about 9 o'clock last night was productive
of disastrous results to Fire Marshal
Towe and made heroes of Police Officers
J. B. O'Connor and W. P. McDonough.
Towe Slips and Hurts His
Leg Severely While
on Duty.
FIRE MARSHAL IS
BADLY INJURED
J. J. Haviside filed suit yesterday in the
United States District Court against the
Wild Goose Mining and Trading Ct>mr>anj'
to recover $2917 alleged to be due him as
salary for manager and for repair* on th«
Charles T>. Lane and other vessels be
longing' to the company.
On a Wild Goose Chase.
Write for new catalogue of watches. Jewelry *
silverware. Hammersmith & Field, 31 Kearny. *
John R. Goodall, commission merchant,
who was convicted by a Jury in Judge
Mogan's court on the charge of having
quail in hjs possession out of season, ap
peared for sentence yesterday. The Judge
fined him $20.
Drs. G. W. O'Donrrell and E. A. Bohm
appeared before Judge Conlan yesterday
on the charge of murder for causing the
death of Mrs. Annie Giddlngs. They were
Instructed as to their rights and the case
¦was continued till to-morrow afternoon.
An application was made to release the
defendants on bonds and the Judge will
give his answer this morning.
Rudolph Mess, tailor. 8S3 Haight street,
charged with attempting to murder his
partner. S. Rosentbal. by turning on the
gas, appeared before Judge Cabaniss yes
terday. He was instructed arid arraigned
and the case was continued till to-morrow
afternoon. £vMR
Bonds Is Made and Decision
Reserved.
DRS. O'DONTTEIiL ANT> BOKU
INSTRUCTED IN" COURT
An Application for Their Release on
until the close of the ca3e the court will
open at 9:J0 in the morning instead of 10
o'clock.
The first witness yesterday morning was :
L. W. Decker, a wholesale cigar sajeti- i
man. He was in the grocery store at
Turk street and Van Ness avenue about
7 o'clock in the morning the day after the
murder of Mrs. Clute. When he entered
the barroom In the rear cf the store Hurt
and several other men were conversing in
front of the bar. The witness heard Hoff
say, "I am very s>orry; she was a very
nice lady, and this affair puts me in a
bad light." He walked up to Hoff and
asked him if he was the carpet-layer. Tha
defendant replied in the afllrmatlve. Deck- ¦
er asked him if he wa3 working at SOi
Guerrero Etreet the day before. Hoff said
that he was, and witness then advised
him to go to police headquarters. HofT said 1
that he would.
Harry Is'eemeyer. clerk of the Lindell j
House, was recalled. He identified the ¦
clothes in the courtroom as Hoff's. He
also identified the carpetbag as the de- •
fendant's work satchel. •
John Freres, who formerly kept a gro- '
eery store at 119 Seventh 3treet. testified I
that Hoff came into the witness' store [
about 7 o'clock on the evening of the
murder and complained that he had in- 1
Jured his left hand. He explained that j
the way he hurt his hand was picking up •
a plank with a nail in It. He poured some
whisky on the wound of Hoff's hand and •
bound it up. The defendant left his store j
and told him tnat he was going up on t
Van Ness avenue. !
Henry Dierck3. one of the proprietors of
the grocery store at Turk street asd Van
Ness avenue at the time of the murder. I
was the next witness. He proved a very
poor witness. He saw Hoff on the morn
ing of December 16. and testified that Hoff
read the newspapers about the murder In
his store and that the newspaper shook
while the defendant was holding it. His
evidence was , of no material benefit to
either side.
Thomas Hannon was in the saloon on
the morning after the murder. He was
reading an account of the murder out
loud. Hoff entered while he was reading
the latter part of the story. When the
witness finished reading the story Hoff
seized the newspaper and sat down neat
the stove and began to read- it. At the
close of his perusal he exclaimed, "This
looks very bad for me." Hannon advised
Hoff to go to Captain Lees and give an
account of himself, and that if he had not
done anything wrong that the police
would release him.
Ex-Chief of Police I. W. Lees was the
next on the witness stand. He testified
that Hoff called at poltce headquarters
the day after the crime. Hoff told him
that when he left Mrs. Clute's house there
was a strange man with her upstairs;
that he left the house by the back stairs.
Hoff told ¦witness that he hurt his hand
by cutting it with a tack that was in a
piece of matting that he was working on
the day before. Lees said that no blood j
was found on the defendant's clothes and :
that in his opinion Hoff changed his gar
ments before he arrived at police head
quarters. Hoff told him that he was half-
Jew and half-Irish and that he had adopt
ed the Methodist faith.
J. J. Zimbelmann testified that he had
occasion once to go to Hoff's workbag
while working in the same house as the
defendant; that he found a coupling pin
In the bag similar to the one in evidence:,
that he was afraid of Hoff and considered
him a dangerous man; that Hoff had been
in the habit of carrying a piece of lead- 1
Eipe about a foot long for protection, as
© claimed. >
Police Officer Feeney was the last wit
ness. He will continue his testimony this
morning.
Paper and Suspicion
. Falls on. Him.
The second trial of Albert HofT. charged
with the murder of Mrs. Clute on Decem
ber 15, 1SD7, is ilrairsinK on so. slowly in
J ml Ere Carroll Cook's court that yesterday
his Honor, announced that in the future
Accused Man Nervous When He
Heads Account of Murder in
Declares He Saw Coupling
Pin in Defendant's
Carpet Bag.
WITNESS SAYS
HOFF CARRIED
LEAD PIPE
The State Board of Railroad Cotnmls
rioters was to have given the Santa Fe
Corrpany a hearing yesterday on the com
plaint of the Los Angeles Traffic Associa^
lion for alleged discrimination in freight
f.nd pELSsengtr rates, but owing to a com
plicates point of law the hearing was
postponed until Thursday. The question
-.vas raised at the meeting that if the com
missioners frhould vote to change the
rates the action would b» likely to conflict
•with the decision of the Supreme Court,
•which now has under consideration the
rate case of the Southern Pacific Com
pany. If the Southern Pacific is compelled
by iho Sui>r«ne <7ov.rt to establish a lower
rate to fean Joaquln Valley points the
Bauta Fe will have to adopt a correspond
ing rate.
The coTirniFsir.ners voted to ask th-a
opinion of Attorney General Tlrey I*.
Kord. and the following letter was sent to
Mm:
The board ha» under consideration the ap
proval RnJ adoption of a schedule of p&**en
per farce proi>o«*il fcy the Santa. Fe Railway
Company for Its San Joaquln division, brtween
San Francisco. Baker*fl>l<5 and intermediate
prints,* on it? paid divlfion, and thla board is
rfquest«>d to approve the same.
Tb© ratf r"""l<**<! by the company corre
sponds t»-1th the rate now being charged by the
FREIGHT RATE CASE
IS AGAIN CONTINUED
Attorney General Ford's Opinion Sought
by Railroad Commissioners.
Southern Pacific Company over Its San Joa
quin division.
Xow, dees any leeal reason exist why the
beard should not proceed to adjust passenKer
rat*s over eaid Santa Fe Railway Company's
line as requested by it in view of the pending
rn the Supreme Court of the case of Moore
vs. the Southern Pacific Company? Or. would
the tixlnc of rates at a lower rate. If such
should be the Judgment of the board, than
those now chanred by the Southern Pacific over
lte San Joaquln division in anywise, in your
opinion, injuriously reflect upon the questions
now involved !n the case of Moore vs. the
Southern Pacific Comoony?
The Supreme Court's decision In the
Southern Pacific case, is expected to be
filed thf latter part of this month or early
in January.
The reply brief to the opening brief of
the Soutncrn Pacific In the Los Angeles
Traffic case was filed with the State Com
missioners yesterday by the attorneys for
the complainant. 4
Sunday School Institute.
WOODLAND. Dec. 10.— The Sunday
School Ixmltute, conducted by officers of
the California Sunday School Association,
met in Woodland *o-day for a two days'
session Rev. J J. Morgan is presiding.
There is a good attendance.
To-morrow will be a gala day for ladles.
Shoes that cost $2 50 a pair will be placed
on the table to pick from for only 75 cents
a pair ; at bankrupt shoe aajo of • the
California; 1606 Market ¦treet.Vneartoitl
Hjall avenue,- ; ..... . .«•¦
Ladies Are " Especially. Invited.
;Dr.C. L. Thraeher, a young. interne to
Dr. Putnam at the Emergency Hospital
tt the Cit^ Hall; -was yesterday assigned
by the Board of Health to the station at"
the Twenty-sixth ttreet hospital, salary
$200 a month.- The young- physician, while
aiding his elder medical brothers at the
Receiving Hospital, made many friends.
Dr. Thrasher Assigned to Duty.
The ethnological gallery in the museum
of the California Academy of Sciences,
which wa<3 reopened ; yesterday, now con
tains a case, entirely devoted to the dress
of the South Sea islanders and considerable
space is also given to the arts of primi
tive man, revealing the origin and- history
of geometric ornament. Photographs of
North American Indians are also on ex
hibition. The whole collection has been
rearranged. *
Art of Primitive Man.
.At the San Francisco Methodist Episco
pal meeting a committee composed of Rev.
A. C. Bane, Rev. S. D. Hutsinplller and
F. R. Beebee was appointed to : confer
with organizations favoring shorter, hours
and Sunday closing with a view to aiding
them In their object. Rev. Dr. Hammond,
superintendent of Chinese missions, who
recently returned from New , York,' where
he attended a meeting of the general mis
sionary committee, told of the work ao
complfshed. f Dr. ¦ Harris of ; the • Japanese
mission expressed his opinion that learned
and scholarly men were . needed In the
field in Japan. :
Rev. w. H. Scudder of , Oakland read
an able paper on'The Authority of the
Bible." A general" discussion followed.
Rev. Wlllloni Alexander, Dv D.. professor
Of ecclesiastical history . in the Theological
Seminary, rrad & paper on "-Ecclesiastical
The weekly meetings of the ministers of
different denominations yesterday . were
highly interesting and well attended. Mat
ters of local importance were ; discussed
and passed on by the clergymen. Able
papers were read on theological subjects
and commented on by tho assembled
brethren. ¦ '..."'.
points a Committee to Aid the
Good Movement
MINISTEBS IN" FAVOR
OF EABLY CLOSING
Methodiat Ministers'* Meeting Ap-
Capture Alleged Boom Burglar.
Harry Hill, a roomer at the St. David
House, 715 Howard street, reported the
loss of his clothlrg and other articles
to Police Officers Tulte and Tyrrell on
Howard street yesterday afternoon. The
officers, after, making an investigation of
the premises,' paid a visit to a room oc
cupied by Henry Dunham in the Bam©
building and there found all of the ' ar
ticle* which had been removed from Hill's
room. Dunham was placed under arrest
and booked at the City Hall station on
a charge of burglary.
Edward R Duff, who had charge of the
rent department In the office of Benja
min M. Gunn & Co., real estate agents,
228 Montgomery street, when he abscond
ed on August 4 last, lias been arrested in,
Salt Lake City, and the necessary papers
for his extradition on the charge of fel
ony embezzlement will be forwarded with
out delay and an officer sent to bring him
Duff was looked upon by his employers
as an exemplary young man, and had
their entire confidence. He lived with his
wife and three-year-old daughter at 1214A
Vermont street. He spent Friday night,
August 3, at hla home and aaturday
morning left as usual for the office with
out showing any sign of anything betntf
wrong. He was at tho office Saturday,
but that was the last seen of him. His
accounts were examined, and it was at
once seen that he was a defaulter.
The case was put into the hands of pri
vate detectives, but no trace of Duff could
be found. On November 5 Benjamin
Gunn happened to be in Salt Lake City,
and while driving around he espied Duff
walking on the street. When- he returned
here Gunn notified the police authorities
at Salt Lake to arrest Duff, but nothing
was done. Saturday he called upon Cap
tain Seymour and the captain wired the
Chief of Police at Salt Lake City to ar
rest Duff, aa he was wanted for felony
embezzlement. Yesterday morning he re
ceived a reply that Duff had been ar
rested. Captain Seymour at once notified
Gunn and he swore to a complaint before
Judge' Cabaniss charging Duff with felony
embezzlement,- and the necessary papers
for his extradition were promptly pre-
The amount charged in the complaint as
having been embezzled by Duff is J1000,
but Gunn says that it will exceed that
sum What Duff did with the money is
a mystery, although it is hinted that lie
played the . races and frequented tha
"tenderloin.", At the time of his disap
pearance it 'was rumored that he. had
eloped, but, that was Indignantly denied by
his wife 1 and' scouted by his employer*.
He had been in the employ of the
firm for two. years.
Formally Charged With
Embezzling Four Thou
sand Dollars.
ABSCONDER DUFF
IS ARRESTED
'In addition to that which .was Justly
coming: to me for my labors on behalf of
Melone, the Jury has. also vindicated me
of the outrageous charges made against
me." said Judge Wallace to his attorney.
Melone and his counsel said nothing.
Ex-Judge Maguire Immediately entered
Into an explanation regarding the rela
tions existing between his client and Wal
lace, which, he said, were both of a
friendly and a business nature. Both were
business men and operated on business
principles, and, said Maguire, every busi
ness man knows that had there been an
agreement as to the division of large
profits it would have been in writing:
Judge Maguire, by Innuendo, then en
deavored to convey to the jury the con
tention of the defense that the McCauley
letter exonerating Judge Wallace was not
written by McCauley.
"How did Judge Wallace receive this
letter at San Jose as he said he did?" said
Maguire. "The letter brars date of June
22, 1882, and Is addressed from Ban Fran
cisco. The envelope Is stamped, but no
postmark cancels It. Neither does the en
\-elope show that It ever went through the
malls, and yet Judge Wallace says this
came to him and was laid on his desk In
his private rooms. I think his statement
unworthy of serious consideration, and
shall ask that it be given no weight when
you come to your final deliberations."
Judge Maguire then went over the fig
ures of the case and referred at length to
Judge Wallace's connection with tne ef
forts to collect on the Placerville bonds
Judge Wallace's effort during the last few
years, Macnlre said, was as laborious as
that which amused MIcawber, "waiting
for something to turn up." Judge Maguire
closed and Mr. Campbell arose to make
the closing argument.
"Not content with creating the Impres
sion that this aged plaintiff has been con
nected with schemes of bribery and cor
ruption," said Mr. Campbell, "opposing
counsel would now have you believe that
he is guilty of the forgery of the McCau
ley letter. I am ashamed to be a member
of this bar when I am forced to thus
learn that there are men • who • occupy a
similar position in life who will take ad
vantage of the means adopt ad by opposing
counsel to savo his client, from the pay
ment of a just and honest debt.".; :
Judge Maguirc made noanswer to Mr.
Campbell's remarks, and he continued un
interrupted to the end of his argument.
Judge Seawell charged the Jury and It re
tired to deliberate on ' a ¦ verdict. , A 1 half
hour later the Jurors returned to the
courtroom for further. Instructions. They
were given, and an hour later the verdict
was returned as stated.
"He did not disdain to besmirch tho
character of this venerable Jurist, who is
now approaching the aere and yellow leaf
of life, and bequeath to his children and
to his grandchildren. If possible, a legacy
of shame. He raked Hades' half-acre^ for
what? For anything that would prevent
him from parting with his gold, withheld
dishonesty from his just creditor. Why
did he bring up this Infamous McCauley
episode? He did so in the belief that
Judge Wallace would not seek to enforce
his rights In court. You have seen the
McCauley letter, however, which exoner
ates Judge Wallace and that effectually
disposes of Melone's claim for his alleged
Bervice In quieting McCauley and pre
venting further statements on . the sub
ject of bribery."
Attorney Campbell then went over the
figures presented in the case. These, he
eald, showed that Mr. Melone's profits In
the sale of the Placerville bonds were
over $20,000, and that" according to the
agreement between him and Judge "Wal
lace the latter was entitled to every dol
lar he demanded.
"Melone, forgetting his friendship for
Judge "Wallace, forgetting that he had sat
at Judge Wallace's table time and again
and dipped into his salt with him, and
forgetting that he had red blood In his
veins and filled with the lust for gold,
drags this Infamous scoundrel McCauley
into the case for the purpose of evading
the payment of an honest debt.'
"i-'rom the statements of this man Me
lone, given on the witness stand, he wouid
have you believe he was a capper for
Judge Wallace, who occupied tne mghest
Judicial office within the gift of the peo
ple of California. Great stress has been
placed by the defense in this action to tho
statements of McCauley at San Jose that
he had paid $5000 to L.loyd Tevis, to be
used for the purpose of Influencing Judge
Wallace in McCauley's behalf in a case
then pending In the Superior Court. Mc-
Cauley is a drunken vagabond, who stood
at a street.corner belching forth his slan
der like the foul smell of a polecat poi
soning the air.
Wnen tne case was called yesterday
morning: .jiid&u Wallace was recalled lor
lurtntr examination regarding tne letter
received from Joiin-K McCauley during
the convention at Sun Jose in june oi naz.
This letter, m which ivicCauley totd Juoge
\vai»ac - e ttiat he nad maue no staifnie'iis
l&MtCting oh i)is ju.uc»«i .xcts, tnu witness
ttuteu was touno by .urn on mu aesK in
mo i-iiwtie looms, juuue wanace ieii
ii»<r kiiuiQ tiiiu a lenei, v/.«iten oy .ni'mus
tVlitUiXutt ihugruy in it'latiOJi to hia cJu
necuoa witn luo oend ca*e waa adsauea,
\. as introauceu in t\'iue*.ee.
"ttuai was it mat rupiured the lifelong
lri( uuMiiii ol tuese ii\u men r ' a.<Kc<l aar.
camputii, in oyeuiiig itiv - a.Biirnv.ii.
'^uuiA-i— jmy money. After a fiicUubflip
oi nun a ctfltury; money tuin seiwiaieu
tneni. >icioi!e lias oeen comraaieleu oy
fevtiy witness wno looK tne stand. ile
kn<;\.' tne nature of his agreement witn
juoge walisce, out wnen ne waa in tne
presence or the grolu derived irom the sale
of the .Pla.ccrvilie ounas he torgot tne in
stincts ot honesty; lie forgot this man was
nis rnend, and cupiaity led him to ignore
tnis piaiinin s claim, if mere ever vvas a
man wno soared nigh anu delved low tu
uvcid me payment of an honest debt that
man is Drury ai clone, the oeienoant m
Ex-Judge William T. Wallace has won
his action asair.«t Drury Melone for legal
services ren<jerea on tehau of the defend
ant in an efiort to facilitate the collection
oi bonus iSbued decades ago by the city
of l'lacurvme. judgment in favor of Judge
\\ allace ana ills aon, ltyland B. Wallace,
and against Melone for $*038*33, Just $144
less than the sum demanded, was found
oy a Jury in Judge fc>tuweil's court yes
itrday. "Inis judgment," the verdict
read, -'is upon plaintur's complaint, and
upon deferment's cross-complaint we tind
in favor of William T. Waimce."
nesses and Maguire Intimates
That the McCauley Letter
Was Forged!
Counsel Attacks Veracity of Wit-
Complaint Filed by
Defendant.
* — —
Jury Repudiates the Cross
JUDGE WALLACE
GIVEN A VERDICT
AGAINST MELONE
THE SAN FEANOISCa CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1900; •
TRULY SHATTUCK RETURNS
TO APPEAR IN VAUDEVILLE
Coming Back After Five Years to Sing
at the Orpheum.
Truly appeared for several weeks at the
Olympia in this city as a vocalist a-fter
graduating from the -ranks of the Tivoll
chorus. She eventually secured an en
gagement with a second-class company
that was going East. Old theatrical men
claimed that the company would not get
as far as Denver, but they were mistaken.
The organization did a big business and
Truly landed in New York with a "bank
roll." She then became Identified with
first-class extravaganza companies and
immediately became much In demand for
her pretty face and exquisite figure. She
went to London, then returned to New
York and is now returning to us one of
the prominent vaudeville stars of the
country, whose salary runs into nearly
four figures a week.
AFTER an absence of five years
Truly Shattuck will again tread
the histrionic board; of a San
Francisco stage. But this time in
stead of ari'^aring at iho Tivoll as
a chorus Klrl she comes .is a real vaude
ville star and will appear at the Orpheum
frerh from her conquests in London and
Nev.- York
Truly will open a two weeks' eneape
ment at the Orpheum next Sunday after
noon. Her specialty is vocal selections.
Of course she appears in tights, which
Phow her ihagnittcent figure off to perfec
tion. In London she was Idolized by the
"Johnnies," who nicknamed her "Truly
Shocking."
«
5
|¥ICHY IS HEALTHFUL ?
o Wi * Ni * wal Mineral Wata: t
J jH '\ ¦ with medicinal qoalttl«9. O
0 Iwsk For and °
J ,4^& Stoaach Dmrdsn. o
I^^^So^ailed VICHY |
% g^S^ IN SIPHONS %
? ,&^^J Get the Genulns %
o a. VlCNlER,Du»rlbutln»Az2nw i
DR.MEYERS &C0.
Specialists. Disease «ggp* <o
and weakness ot iB&a Jj!
men. Established K"5# ¦*^S?3 ! *>^^n
1881. Consultatloa . fywi ~X*g!ySg!s
and private book ' \%i> r/^Vl
Xree, at office or by J \ { \ *£*£}
mall. Cures guar- TlyJLj£ici?v**
anteed. 731 Mar- KJ^aS^nS^i
tet street (elevator ±*QxSfe&iria
•ntrance), San >drv fl^oB^k.
Francisco.
DR. HALL'S REIN VIGOR ATOBSTg^
Five hundred reward for a.ny Ml^^ftS
case we cannot curs. This tecrec KB3 BN
remedy stops all losses In 24 hours, j 9
cures Emissions. Impotency. Varl- few 9B<9
cockle, Oonorrhc^a. Gleet. Fit*. r?V"l fpn''i
Strictures. Lost Manhood and all UftJ ll'j,'!
waatlns effects of aelf-abu«o or ! «2k3
excesses. Sent m»a!»d. 12 bottle: 3 BSkoKH
bottles, SS; fuaranteed to cure any easa. Ad-
dress HALL-S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. Si»
Broadway. Oakland. Cal. Also for «a!» at 107JS
Market tt., 8. F. -All private diseases quick!/
cured. Send for free book.
STATEMENT
—OF TH&—
CONDITION ANb AFFAIRS
OF THE
New Amsterdam Casualty
COMPANY
OF NEW TORK. IX TBS STATE OF NEW
Tork, on the >lst day of Decamber. A. D.
1899, and for the year ending on that day. a*
mads to the Insurance Commissioner of tho
6tate of California, pursuant to the provisions
of Sections (10 and ill of th* Political Coda,
condensed aa per blank furnished by tb« Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stcck, paid up ia
Cash COO. 000 00
ASSETS. *
ChS Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company $275,000 00
Cash In Company's Otdce 3.847 24
Cash In Banks 11.S33 35
Interest due and accrued on all Stocks
and Loans 1,45s 33
Premiums In due Course of Collection. 14,76* 03
.Total Assets t31«.»64 93
INABILITIES.
Losses in process of Adjustment or in
'Suspense •• • $3.(83 13
Losses resisted. Including expenses... 2.275 00
Gross premiums on Risks running on*
year or less. J....; reinsurance SO
per ceat '"^rv' (0,379 «
Grow premiums on Risks running"
more than one year. $....: reinsur-
ance pro ratsi .- ---•• $49 25
Due and accrued for salaries, rent,
etc • »"•>• 1« (7
Dae for reinsurance 3,507 80
Total Liabilities »78.g31 7»
v INCOME. ~ ==
jJet cash actually received for prem- 1
turns r*£*S »UW73 7S
Received for Interest and dividends on
Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and from all
other sources 7.4S9 13
Total Income ttl3.£g 17
EXPENDITURES. ~ ~
Net amount paid for Losses »>.T«1 19
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage ••• •• 39.O1 44
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
chanes for officers, clerks, etc 21.740 ss
Paid far State, National and Local
taxes •• 3,0*7 73
AH other payments and expenditures.. 44.231 S3
Total Expenditures «3».612 7S
EDWARD V. tOEW r President. •
CHARLES T. HOPPER. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me thla 27th
flay of January. 1900.
CHARLES EDGAR MILLS.
Coiamtxstoner for California.
E. F*. GREENE,
GENERAL AGENT.
405 Montgomery St^,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
F»HONE MAIN SOI8.
Weekly Can $1.00 prYear
ASVEBTISEMHNTS.
ADVERTISEMENTIL
. .... -, —
t i
• Save 3356 per cent. |
1 1 in Cost of Lighting i
I by using the J
HMPROVED I
I Welsbach J
h WJTH V
t QAS-SAVINQ REGULATOR %
5 50^ Less Gas %
5 300fc More Light
4 ' Absolutely the best and
5 cheapest artificial light in |
5 existence. k
t «
\ Beware of Imitatcons
\ AH genuine goods bear |
5 the name "Welsbach" c
i and are packed in sealed £
5 boxes. 5
S Look for the Name 4
Look fcr the Seal v*
j! Welsbach Company 1
I 138 Ellis Street |
'•¦ a and all dealers 4,
I Tho story is ttic scimc, no in sitter w licit her station in lifo
4 li J Cli jf U\Z*
If she is one of the favored daughters of "wealth,
If she belongs even to the realm of the " well-to-do,"
Or—
If she belongs to the unnumbered thousands who mast
work in order to live^ —
The story is just the same j all suffer from about the
same cause, and in this suffering "peculiar to women," all
reach the same level, and all are of tne same family.
• When a woman is nervous and irritable, head and back
ache, feels tired all the time, loses sleep and appetite, has
pains in groins, bearing-down sensation, whites and irregu-
larities, sne is not " worn out," but feels as if she were. ©
I * Such symptoms tell her that a womb trouble is imminent,
and she cannot act too promptly if she values her future
comfort and happiness,
I The experience and testimony of some of the most noted
I women of America go to prove, beyond a question, that Lydia
I E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound will correct all such
I trouble at once by removing the cause and restoring the
1 organs to a healthy and normal condition. If in doubt, write
I Mrs. Pinkham at Lynn, Mass., as thousands do.
j; MRS. KELLOGG'S STATEMENT.
t " One year ago I read a letter in a paper telling how much eood one
B woman had derived from Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
3 pound. I had been sick all whiter, and was nearly
6 y^Mtf^^T^Vv discouraged, as the medicine the doctor gave me did me
/f£tS&$&S&B±. Vv ' no good. I had kidney complaint, leucorrhcea, itching.
b P^*®*^"^^*^ bearing-down feeling, ana f>ainful menstruation. I
t i&S&f wr0^ e *° r8# Phikham, describing my trouble, and
p \v^*>Ek £T— S^lll eooa received an answer telling me what to do. I fol-
0 *oteJi'^P i&ft&M * owe< * k er instructions a^j hare taken nine bottles of
k V»^»X C5. Vegetable Compound and used one package of San-
P !'-fet T &2> Jlffir ative W a * n and one b° x of Livor Pills. I am well
P *t?\zT -a/Mat no^- d° n °fc have those sick spellfi et the monthly
£ period, but can work all day, and that I never could
E CWf\j§M£<jrA JS do until I began taking the Compound. I cannot
I J&jT^*S2Z£Ki*->drA praise the Compound too highly.
1 g*gg*S genie KEll3g{4 •• I do hope every suffering woman will learn of
R " the Pinkham remedies and be cured as I have been.
B I wish all success to the Compound ; it has done wonders for me, aad I
j am so thankful."— Mrs. Genie Kelloqo, Berlin Heights, Ohio. ,
I #f| BS3 433% d&ZS /iSSi R I" \&5 A R R Owtag to the fact that some skeptical
a V IS cr-SKTs&fSi r3 r" Eft? O Pf H I P*°P : * fc * ve frora tirne to '«*= questioned
P ril P*** H' H !^Rf :; l3 alSayBriilW the g:ecriner.eu cf the testimonial l-tter»
i- Vjr Bh jw rtl « El fv el we are constantly publishing we have
t iM'fcirt^jhrpS deposited whh the Vatiotal City Bank, of Lynn, Mata., $5,000,
S ©C5Fi^!*'E*?§*5!!3 ' lrhicil *"¦& t* paid to any p«rsoa who will show that the above
g WJ9 V&*j' GUI V«*t? te»t:rnonlal is not pecnin-, or tras published before obtaining the
41 'iSr XJS? MsSr writer's special permission.— Lydia E. Pinkham Mcdicims Co.
i-<5^^ An absolutely waterproof leather. Jit \3™|
q £h J& built not only Into a winter shoe, JfwA \M
K — g but a stylish and hygienic shoe w$Mi Jfi
I f^. B besides. For the rainy season a g&aaC--*"*]^
Ic^arfS&ifteS more durable shoe could not be gB
|*^ss2eg« found. H^do by Buckingham & »ikbei
f: . g Hecht, for men : $6 tha pair. Sold fc?33^ei
O££^^« 738-7*0 Market St* San Francisco riMfr^T^ I
I S =^~T m ~-M Mail orders filled. ¦ Address Depart- y^lrF- ¦}
fi~~ —¦¦¦¦•: ¦sSp 5 " ¦ ''ll
OPEN EVENINGS.
A DT C C\C\T\<Z
>v r\i\ I kJKJKJU^
Jl£-»v MAGNIFICENT STOCK
life HOLIDAY
¦ Wffl GOODS.
WES^S&W I BRIC-A-BRAC, VASES,
PAINTINGS, PICTURES,
YmSj !/ STATUARY, ORNAMENTS,
XBfefr FINE CHIWA and GLASS WARE
RICH CUT GLASS,
ELECTRIC LIGHT STATUARY,
¦/[ i ART FURNITURE.
. JR' - A -.*-'¦- ;-.- 1 ['. Immense variety - of - fine • Art Novelties
.^RJ'-'.Xs,^ ' selected from the difrer»nt Art Center* of
j&EfiiJ..:-^*. Eiirop** and America and from this yeax'«
Jpgggg^^-^l Parl» Exposition.
¦PJpi i S. & G.~GUMP CO.,
/U .w "3 CEARY STREET.The local woman who shot her consort in the back
a few days ago and has ambition^ to be considered a
'gun fighter" possibly forgets that in most argu
nients-with guns the question of sex is not one which
modifies the vigor of an opponent. A woman with
a gun is just about the same size as a man with one. \
*It is considered probable that the Prince of Wales
will be^ a spectator at the nextVyacht race for the
America cup. His Highness must want to show us
that under any circumstances he < is a good loser. He
might induce some of his horsemen to follow his
exa'mole. ; ' »
' . - ¦¦ ¦ " "
Our local messenger boys are giving extraordinary
evidence that on occasions and under pressure they
can move; they threaten to go on strike. *"
Tod Sloan has practically been ruled off the British
turf for life. And here we were just beginning to call
the Prince of Wales a good fellow.
The public will take notice that the disturbances
now going on in South America are not a continua
tion of those reported last month. There has been a
shuffle since then, an! this is a new deal.
The best Christmas gift one Easterner could give
another this year would be a ticket to California, and
the best gift a Californian can send East will be some
thing to remind the recipient of what a glorious
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON. Dec. 10.— Congressman
J. A. Barham. wife and daughter of Santa
Rosa are at the Ebbltt; Bruce Hayden. C.
A. Maydwell and C Walker. San Francis
co. are at the Raleigh: C. Roemex. of San
Francisco, and George S. Patton and wif«.
of Los Angeles, are at the Arlington;
John D. Blcknell and wife, of Lo'g An
geles, and "W*. H. Clarkhelm. of Pasadena,
are at the Shoreham: G. "W. Vosburg and
wife, of Lo*» Angeles, and R. O. Lincoln,
of California, are at the National; Dr. W.
C. Bailey, of San Jose, Is at the St.
James.
PARTY—N. J. ¦ J.. City.
Republican ; was, the original. name of > the
Democratic party, a It is also tfce name of
the party, which since 1S54 ' has \ been , the
principal opponent of the Democratic
party. The name r Republican' was . first
applied to the party that sprang into ex
istence {in 1792 when George Washington
was candidate oh the Federalist ticket for
CANNOT VOTE— M.,Callabans, Cal. "A
Chinaman cannot : vote in the .*: United
States because ; the naturalization of Chi
nese is expressly prohibited by section 14,
chapter 126, United States laws of 1882. A
boy born to* American parents who may
be temporarily residing in China or while
traveling 'in China, ; is a; Chinaman when
ho attains his majority, but he is a United
States citizen and entitled to vote if in
the United States. The sons of Chinese
parents, if - such - sons were /born in -the
United States, are entitled,' at majority,
to vote, being: natural born citizens.
FIRST C ALI £ ORNIA VOLUNTEERS
— M. C. 8.. City. The First California
Volunteers left San Francisco on the City
of Peking May 25, 1S98, entered Manila
Bav. anchored off Cavlte June 30, and
landed July 2. ; At midnight July, 2S, 1899.
the Sherman, with that regiment on
board, left the Philippines for.San Fran-
Cisco. '
ARCHITECTURE— A. S., City. This de
partment has not the space to answer the
questions asked as to architecture. • You
will find a detailed account of such in the
Encyclopedia Brltannica in the reference
room of. the San Francisco Free Public
Library.
CAST-OFF CLOTHING— W., Groveland,
Cal. A person having "cast-off clothing
too good to burn, but good" for poor chil
dren," can send the same to any chari
table organization that has the care of
children. The cast-off article will be glad
ly, received.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
the second term. The Republicans, who
had no candidate against Washington,
were composed of persons who were the
followers of Thomas Jefferson. In 1707
Jefferson was a candidate for President
on . the Republican ticket, so was Jarm-s
. Madison and James Monroe and John
Quincy Adams. In 1S29 Jackson appeared
as the candidate of the Democratic party
and his opponent, Jonn Q. Adams, ap
peared on the National Republican tickor.
The first formal adoption of Republican to
the present party- of that name was oy
the Michigan State Convention of ISil
-in the month of June, and thaf upon "the
suggestion of Horace Greeley in a lettc
written by him. The first Presidential
candidate under the Republican party as
now recognized was John C. Fremont in
1856. The party was organized in Febru
ary. 1854, but the name was not adopted
until June following.
THERXfOMETER— A. S.. City. There
are three kinds of thermometers in gen
eral use— Fahrenheit in the United States
and Great Britain; Reaumur in Germany,
and Celsius or centigrade in France The
latter is used almost exclusively by scien
tific men of all nations. The relation of
these scales are shown by the following*
Fahrenheit ........ 0 32 77 122 2T>'
Reaumur .......... 0 20 40 so
Centigrade = , 0 25 50 100
In the F. scale the freezing point is 22
and the boiling point is 212, so that the
space between these is divided Into 212—
32 or 180 equal parts or degrees ; in the
others the freezing point is the zero but
the boiling point i3 80 and 100 respectivetv
It is easy to reduce from one of thes«
scales to another. Thus the C reading for
77 F. The numbers In .the F. scale^li are
too gfreat by 32, because 32 an<T not 0
S B n l s J or ' l 4 e feezing . point. Subtract
this 32 from 77 and we have 45. Hence the
required number of C degrees mu3t bear
the same ratio to 100 from freezing to boil
ing in -that scale that the 45 bears to the
180 degrees between the same limits in F
The reauislte number Is'therefore 25 C - '
Such a report directs public attention once more to
the issue of so reforming the postal laws as to pre
vent an abuse of the second class mail privilege.
That issue has been before the country so long and
has been so generally discussed it is hardly' necessary
to go over the arguments concerning it. The one
point to be noted is that the suppression of the abuses
will at once provide the Government with a sum suffi
cient to extend the rural delivery system. We have,
therefore, tp choose between losses on the one side
and benefits on the other. It is no longer a question
merely of putting an end to an evil, but also one of
providing a far-reaching improvement not only in the
postal service but in the conditions of rural life.
The Postmaster General estimates that the net an
nual cost of a complete rural free delivery system
would be $13,772,000, fend then says if "a class of pub
lications which now, under an evasion of the purposes
of the law, pay the second class rate of postage, were
really made to pay the third class rate, as they ought
to do, it would bring an additional revenue to the
Government of $12,343,612. The cost to the Govern
ment of this abuse is almost exactly equivalent to the
estimated cost of broad national rural free delivery,
and if it is a question between favoring a very limited
number of publishers'and favoring twenty-one millions
of people who live on the farms of the United States,
there ought to be no hesitation in serving the many
rather than the few."
It is to be hoped the' presentation of the issue in
that way will have the effect of arousing public senti
ment. Congressman Loud has fought for 3'ears • to
bring about a remedy for the defect in the law which
permits such abuses to go on, but his efforts, have
been in vain. A powerful lobby is at work on the side
of those who profit by the abuse, and by one means
01 another every attempt at reform has been baffled.
It is evident that a resolute demand will have to be
made by the people in order.to get Congress to act,
and that demand should be made this winter.
It is to be borne in mind the proposed reform will
not in any way conflict with the interests of those who
have a legitimate right to the second class privilege/
As the Postmaster. General says: "It is only sought
to cut off the abuses which the law never contem-
|-^OSTMASTER GENERAL SMITH has sub-
Ly mitted to the President a rep6rt containing
i ¦¦'' three salient features — first, a showing that the
deficit in the department during the past year is less
than that of the previous year by $1,225,098; second,
that free rural delivery has proven of great benefit to
the people and should be extended; third, that the
loss to the Government by abu*es of second class
mails is so large that the suppression of those abuses
would enable the department to extend rural mail de
livery to almost all parts of the Union.
THE POSTAL SERVICE.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Dr. P. N. Russeli and wife are at the
Lick.
Div W. A. Root of Sacramento Is at the
Grand.
Dr. E. E. Brownell of Woodland I3 at
the Occidental. /.-: ;
State Superintendent ot Schools Thomas
J. Kirk Is at the Lick.
L. Hoseman. a Montague rancher, 13
registered at the Grand.
"W. B. "Whitney, a prominent Salt Lak*
City merchant, is at the Palace.
N, Blackstock, Statl Railroad Commis
sioner, ia registered at the Grand.
W. H. McAlpino of the United States
steamship Ranger is at the Occidental.
J. "W. "Wiley, an extensive cattleman of
Medford, Or., Is registered at the Russ.
F. W. Leadbetter, a Portland paper
manufacturer,. Is at the Palace for a few
days.
P. F. Wood of Tulare, a large land
owner, Is stopping at the Grand for a few
days.
H.. A, Jastro, president of the Kern
County Board of Supervisors, Is at the
Grand. i r .v
C. O. Callahan, a prominent Mexican
miner, is among the late arrivals at the
Palz.ce.
G." A McElfresh of Los Angeles, high
chief ranger of the Foresters. 13 stopping
at the Grand-
E. B. Willis and wife of Sacramento are
at the Rusa. Mr. Willis is connected with
the Record-Union.
H. Adams, assistant superintendent of
the Sacramento division of the Southern
Pacific lines, is at the Grand.
D. B. Lyman. superintendent of the Con
solidated Virginia mines, is among: the
late arrivals at the Palace.
N. Bartlett is at the Russ. having Just
returned from Siberia, where he wa.3 en
gaged in installing some machinery.
J. A. Fillmore. manager of the Southern
Pacific, is expected home from his East
ern trip the latter part of the week.
!t will be seen from these quotations that while the
prospects of the enterprise are good, the3' are not un
douded. The situation is one that will bear watching.
While the fight is being made against the treaty the
advocates of the Panama route are busily engaged in
a campaign of education against Nicaragua. Thus the
Philadelphia Record .recently said: "Prejudice
against the Panama company was so industriously
instilled in the minds of the American people by the
boomers and lobbyists of the Maritime Canal Com
pany of Nicaragua during the lifetime of that mori
bund, subsidy-hunting concern as to make it quite
possible that the members of the commission were
unconsciously affected thereby to overestimate the
difficulties of the Panama route and to underestimate
those to be overcome in the Nicaraguan project At
any rate, engineering authorities as competent as arc
the members of the Isthmian Canal Commission ha\e
examined and re-eximined the Panama company's
work and found that it could be completed for $100,
000.000. including cost of administration during con
struction and interest on capital. Here is a possible
margin of over $100,000,000 in favor of the latter un
dertaking, and the very complete reports on the same
of the Cotnite Technique, a body composed of world
famous engineers, might be consulted by Congress to
the advantage of the Federal treasury."
As an illustration of the sentiment in some influen
tial quarters it is to be noted that the New York
Times recently said: "If the Hay-Pauncefcte treaty
fails of ratification in the Senate and the Hepburn
bill is passed and sent to the Pre c ident, he will be com
pelled to veto it."' Th«n the Times adds: "Is not
th2t what the opponents of the treatyare driving at?
The failure of the canal project will be the necessary
consequence of the success of their efforts, and they
mu^t be supposed to know what they are about.*'
It is to be noted that newspapers and Congressmen
who- have been known in the past to be in the service
of the transcontinental roads are vigorously fighting
the treaty, and there is no question but what they are
fighting the battle for the roads now, whether pai«l
for it or not. A defeat of the treaty will seriously
complicate the situation and endanger the enterprise.
Neither of these forces is at this time making any
direct fight against the bill. They are taking advan
tage of the situation brought about by" the Hay-
Psunccfote treaty, and are fighting that. In a recent
debate in the Senate Morgan of Alabama said that
while he did not like the treaty he would vote for it
for the sake of getting the canal. Now there are a
good many others in the Senate who appear to be
opposed to the treaty mainly because of objection to
the canal for whose construction it provides.
DESPITE the cheering reports that come from
Washington concerning the prospects of the
Nicaragua canal bill, there are signs >ufticient
to make it evident that the opponents of the enter
prise have not yet lost hope of defeating it, or at least
postponing it. The opposition comes partly from the
transcontinental railroads and partly from the Panama
Canai Company, and each is strong enough to be
dangerous.
WILL BEAR WATCHING.
A DANGEROUS TENDENCY.
rOLLOWIXG the election of McKinley in 1896
there occurred in all parts of the United States
an immediate revival of industry and business.
Public confidence established by that victory
prompted the undertaking of enterprises in all lines
of industrial and commercial development, and the
nation went forward toward prosperity with some
thing of the rush of a river whose waters, long held
by the snow and ice of winter, break forth in free
dom on the return of spring.
The events of the past four years have justified that
confidence. All kinds of enterprises that were de
signed with prudence and managed with business
tact and skill have proven profitable. As a result the
people are now more confident than ever, and the re
election of McKinley has been again followed with
ar. -outburst of commercial energy. The question is
whether there may not be some danger of over
speculation resulting from the prevailing confidence.
Certain tendencies noted in New York render it im
perative for financiers to consider that phase of the
situation and beware lest they carry too far an activity
which if wisely conducted will vastly increase pros
perity, but if ill directed may bring ruin to thousands.
One of the more notable of these dangerous ten
dencies is that of organizing new companies with an
excessive capitalization. The New York Commer
cial in a recent review of the business of the country
said: "The record of new companies having a capi
talization of $1,000,000 or over for November shows
that the total capitalization amounted to $148,850,000,
as compared with $108,350,000 for the preceding
month. The total for the year up to December is
$2,217,550,000. The records for the past month,
however, do not indicate the real condition of the
industrial movement, for there are many companies
in process of formation which have not as yet filed
their incorporation papers and of which there is of
course no official record."
There is nothing on the face of the statement to
show that any of the new organizations and combi
nations of capital are bad in themselves, and it may
be that no one of them merits condemnation. It Is
the endrmous aggregate that constitutes the danger.
Most of the new companies — and probably all of
them— will put more or less of their stock upon the
market for sale to 'the general public, and thus there
will be a strong incentive to speculation. Where the
companies have been over capitalized the. efforts of
the managers to make a showing of dividends as well
as to pay interest will lead to risky methods of doing
business, and as a result if any derangement occurs
in the great financial centers of the world, whether m
this or in some foreign country, there will be grave
danger of a collapse of many of the speculative or
ganizations, tending to produce a panic that in turn
will injure legitimate enterprises.
The menace is far greater for the East than for the
Pacific Coast. There have been no signs of an ab
normal increase in the number of new companies nor
of over capitalization on this side of the continent
Unless the development of the oil industry in this
State may be called a "boom," there is nothing cor
responding to the condition of affairs that prevails in
the East. The issue, therefore, is one we may study
impartially, and it certainly merits such study from
all who are largely" interested in financial and indus
trial affairs.
How's that for Congressional modesty,
Congressional Kngllsh and all the rest of
it? Can you beat It?
"While he was In the prison In 1S95 Pope
Leo XIII granted to his wife an annula
tion of the marriage, also the civil court
of Italy. The Italian Consul and the
Catholic Bishop at Honolulu confirmed
this news, respectively. So Mr. Wilcox In
1896 married again to Princess Theresa
Owana Kaohelelanl, a direct descendant
of Keona, father of Kamehameha I. With
this matrimony Mr. Wilcox has a son and
a daughter living. ,^
"In 1900 Mr. Wilcox is elected as the first
Delegate from the Territory of Hawaii to
Congress, also the Idol of the native peo
ple of Hawaii."
building), but the King's soldiers failed to
Join him in the movement. Is it was un
derstood before he made the move. King
Kalakaua changed hia mind during the
night through some one's advice, so he
gave a strict order to his bodyguard not
to join with Wiicox, but to hold the pal
ace and the barracks. As Mr. Wilcox did
not like to take the palace against the
King's order that morning, as he thought
then he would only become a usurper of
the King's power. Mr. Wilcox was lead-
Ing this revolution as Hawaiian Garibaldi,
and If he only decided to lead as a Ha
waiian Napoleon Bonaparte he would
have carried everything before him. By
the evening he became a prisoner and
charged to high treason by the Govern
ment, but his countrymen as jurymen dis
charged him as their Idol and hero."
So much for Wilcox as a revolutionist.
Now. note the wind up:
p=rjp=^ HE richest thing in the way of au
| tobiography that has happened
9 this way for a long time is fur-
JLL nished through the Honolulu Ad
vertiser of recent date. It is the
life of Delegate-elect Robert W. Wilcox,
as written by himself for the Congres
sional directory. It is chiefly notable for
the childlike English of its composition
and the naivete with which the author
throws posies at his political self.
After reciting the ordinary incidents of
birth, education and first marriage. It con
tinues: "In September. 1887, Wilcox and
his bride left Italy for Hawaii. They both
stayed in Honolulu till 1888, when they
moved to San Francisco, and Mrs. Wilcox
gave birth to a daughter, whom they
named Vlttoria Colonna Wilcox. While
they were there Mr. Wilcox worked as
one of the surveyors of the engineers of
the Spring Valley Water Works Com
pany, while Mrs. Wilcox gave lessons o£
French and Italian to young ladies, mak
ing the couple in better circumstances
than In Wllcox's native country."
At this stage of the proceedings things
happened this way:
"But Wilcox is strong-headed to return
to Honolulu and overthrow what the peo
ple of Hawaii called 'the bayoneted con
stitution and the reform government.' So
in 1S89 Mrs. Wilcox and their only beloved
daughter returned to Italy in the midst of
winter, while Mr. Wilcox returned to
Honolulu as a determined revolutionist.
"In -the morning of July 31, 1889, Mr.
Wilcox led a body of native revolutionists
and succeeded in occupying the ground of
the Molani palace (now the executive
HON. W. D. BLOXHAM, Governor of Florida,
in accepting . the invitation of the Board of
Trade of Brunswick, Ga., to be present at the
National Maritime Congress to be held there ,n' ext
month, says: "I heartily, indorse the object for
which this congress is called. The restoration of the
merchant marine of the United States to its former
prestige should .enlist the earnest support of every pa
triotic American. Your own words are timely, 'As the
first , ocean steamer , was built at and sailed from a
Georgian port, and the first shipyard in America was
established at a Florida port, it is fitting that this Na
tional Maritime Congress should assemble at a South
ern port.' " J - .
Hon. CD. Ogg, secretary of the Brunswick Board
of Trade, in his communication to the commercial
bodies of San Francisco asking them to send represen
tatives, says: "Let.us urge American ships for Amer
ican cargoes, hastening the time when American built
ships will be sold abroad, as are now other American
products which defy competition."
It is most fortunate that this progressive view is
taken in the South: The opponents of the bill now
before Congress advocate the "purchase of foreign
built ships for American register as a means of secur
ing a merchant marine. But others, who are far
sighted, desire to give an impulse to American ship
building, primarily to supply American ships for
American cargoes, and finally to build ships to sell
them to the world as we now manufacture and sell
other articles in which we defy competition.
There should not be any hesitation in choosing
between the two policies. We want to sell ships, and
not buy them. The development of ship-building will
follow the line along which our other industries have
developed. We began producing for the home market
and by wise protection have acquired such skill and
such economy in production that we supply the lar
gest external market enjoyed by any nation. The Pa
cific Coast has an impressive interest in this issu*.
We need a large merchant fleet in the Pacific Ocean,
and with proper encouragement can soon supply to
Japan, China and Australia the ships needed in their
trade, which we will finally be able to build cheaper
and better than any competitor.
San Francisco should send strong and intelligent
delegates to the Brunswick congress.
WE SHOULD SELL SHIPS.
There 13 nothing but political death and
burial for the man who advocates tne re
treat of an American soldier in the race
of an enemy or who urges the taiunj,
down of thft American flag under flre.—
CHICAGO CHROX1CLE.
Southern Representation.
This is not the time to pass upon this
question of Southern representation.
Causes are pending In. the Federal cour.9
testing the legality of negro disfranchfs-
ment, and when they shall have been, de
termined It will be time enough to thin*
about retaliation.— BALTIMORE AMLW-
Value of Good Roads.
It has bwn shown here and abroad that
the country which has good roads pro
vides Itself with an admirable equipment
for commercial superiority. That the
United States should possess the poorest
public reads system of any of the lar<e
nations has long been deplored.— NEN\
YORK SUN.
"What the People Expect.
We shall be greatly disappointed If the
Congress elected a mortfh ago does nor.
make haste to stop up the ho!e3 in ih-j
pold standard act. and to give the people
a safe, ample, automatically expanding
and contracting paper currency. Thova
are two of the thln£3 the people elected
it for. and expect it to attend to.— HART-
Spain has found a way of getting h<?r
revenge upon our navy without fighting
for it. The Spanish shlp3 were sunk ami
beached while guarding the same islands
In the Pacific whose dangerous coas:*
have cost the United State9 four gaoil
vessels since peace was declared. It turns
out that as a means of destroying our
naval force Spain did better to cade u*
the islands In the Pacific than to oppnso
Dewey and Montojo.— FHIi«VDELPHIA.
NORTH AMERICAN.
Necessity for Athletics.
Abuses exist and they always will ex
ist In athletics, and in, every sphere of hu
man activity, but because the, foolish ftp
to extremes, it Is unreasonable to attack
the thing and seek to abolish it becau.-*-*
the unbalanced put a good thins to a ba-l
use. The tremendoo?Tstress and strain of
modern life, the change of habits in ihe
direction of Indoor sedentary life consti
tute grave dangers, which demand to
counteract their baneful influences more
exercise to keep the human machine in
good working- order.— PHILADELPHIA.
LEDGER.
From "Bobs" to Kitchener.
With the departure of the genial, gen
erous, soft-hearted "Bobs" there comes a
new factor into the problem— the grim,
silent, ruthless conqueror, devoid of senti
ment and a stranger to compunction *.
There will henceforth for a time proba
bly be much less news from South A.
rica, though there may be more Incidents
there worthy of reporting, while behina
the screen of silence Dewet and Kitch
ener enact the last scene of the- tragedv.
It will be a scene, we may well fear, upon
which the eyes of humane men may hs
glad not to dwell.— NEW YORK TRIB
UNE.
The British Empire. :Z.:'
The British empire will not perish from
even the most effective blow at its heart,
nor will England's fall be sudden. Lika
the Roman, the British empire will die bv
the gradual lopping off of its extremities.
First, its organism will be weakened by
competition cutting off its trade. It will
lose, if it has not already lost. Its indus
trial and financial supremacy. The Brit
lph empire is now in something of the con
dition of the Roman, republic. It is ratl
ing in energy at the center, but the idea
of imperial federation may cause its erv-r
getic colonies to reorcanize it as Julius
Caesar did the Roman empire. Not untt!
her colonies abandon her. not until her
sea power dwindles away for lark of
means to support' It. will England fall. -
CHICAGO INTER OCEAN.
Political Death.
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
IN VARIETY
That is now the issue before the people. It appears
that great postal improvements are prevented by the
toleration of the old abuses. Surely it is time for thi
public to demand that the reform be provided at once.
plated and which have crept in through the ambiguity
Of its provisions or through doubtful interpretations
that have opened a wide door for wrongful entries.
It is aimed at the serial paper.-covered books, at the
private 'house organs,' at. the spurious trade journals
and sheets of an exclusive advertising character; at
bulk distribution, which is falsely called subscription,
and at the repeated turn and overturn by news agents
of unsold periodicals."
This country has acquired the respect of Europe by
its guidance of this settlement, and public opinion
here should continue to strongly back the administra
tion.
If the nations proceed on the pacific understand
ing. China will be finally admitted to a share in the
arbitration treaty which was framed in the Peace Con
ference at The Hague, and instead of continuing the
practice of a merely defensive diplomacy she will share
in that constructive and progress promoting diplo
macy which that treaty is intended to establish by less
ening the occasions for war.
The President's policy will establish that necessary
reciprocal relation in ?. mutuality of commerce. This
does not at all involve the swarming of Chinese labor
upon the other nations, but the enlargement of Chi
nese trade with them all.
It was observed by the keen and clear-headed
Marquis Tseng that the Western nations had not yet
understood that when they opened China to the world
they also opened the world to China.
If a settlement is finally made on the lines of Presi
dent McKinley's policy it will be a guarantee of the
future peace of China, and the progress of her people.
Though reached through violence and carnage, such
an understanding as it will establish will equalize the
results of breaking into the seclusion of that empire
and opening it to the worlcf.
The essence of the President's policy is to retire to
secondary place the theory of reprisal, punish the
guilty, and recoup the Western nations for their losses
by commercial advantages which will open the way for
trade far beyond the "present treaty ports. No nation
has a higher commercial instinct than China. The
Chinese merchant, wherever located, is noted for his
enterprise and his energy. To open his own country
more widely to the trade of the world is to broaden
his commercial opportunity. It is remarked that
no troubles are caused in that empire by the presence
of foreign merchants and foreign trade. These make
no zealous attempts to interfere with the religion or
the institutions of the country. 'They accept the na
tive administration of the laws, and are at one with
the native commercial classes.
THERE seems to be a normal and proper diplo
matic Reason for demanding that Li Hung
Chang and Prince Ching shall offer to the for
eign Ministers indisputable proof of their authority Jo
act for the Chinese Government. They present an
| edict received by telegraph. After the negotiation is
concluded, if its terms are not agreeable to the Gov
ernment, this telegram might be disavowed, and the
whole question would have to be taken up again. It is
daily more apparent that the peace of the world is in
volved in this Chinese settlement. Many of the allies
have views that are outside of their common cause
against China. Every day's delay in an adjustment
increases the danger of disagreement between the al
lies themselves. Chinese policy, if directed toward the
promotion of such disagreement, in the belief that
China will benefit thereby, is a mistake. When dogs
fight over a bone the bone gains nothing, for it is sure
to be gnawed in the end. It is to be hoped, therefore,
that Chang and Ching will equip themselves with a
proper warrant of authority. The matter of that au
thority, however, is not the first point to be settled.
This is the agreement of the allies themselves upon
the preliminary process, which will fix the scope of the
negotiation. President McKinley's, diplomacy has
won, and the powers, with the exception of England,
have instructed their Ministers to sign the agreement
which was framed at Washington. The enlightened
policy of the President has discarded the element of
revenge. It stands for just such treatment of China as
would be accorded to this country, or any European
nation placed in the same unfortunate condition. We
do not see this method in a sufficient perspective to
wholly appreciate its significance. When the affair
is over, and the world can judge of a settlement on the
President's plan by its results, it will be seen that
China has received the greatest impulse toward
progress and reform that has been given in all her his
tory. To preserve her self-respect, her territorial in
tegrity, her institutions and Government by treating
her as a. member of the family of nations is to make
her behave in the future as a member of that family
should.
DEL0Y IN CHINfJ.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1900.
Delegate - Elect Robert Wilcox of Hawaii
Furnishes a "Lulu."
AUTOBIOGRAPHY OF
AN IDOL AND HERO
ROBERT W. WILCOX.
FASHION HINTS FROM PARIS.
BLUE CLOTH COSTUME.
This tailor-made costume has a skirt of
blue cloth trimmed with black satin. The
bolero, which is pointed at the waist,
opens in the front with three lapels on
each side, and is trimmed with arabesques
of black satin. The wide waistband is of
the same satin, the lower part of sleeve3
and front of fancy blue and white silk.
The tailor-made costume represented is
of drab serge, the skirt ornamented with
two bands of violet taffetas, running
down the front and round the bottom.
The collar and lapels are faced with vio
let panne, and the corsage and sleeves
are trimmed with violet taffetas.
DRAB SERGE COSTUME.
6
Chcice candies. TowTispnd's.Palace Ho:e.
Ex. strong hoarhound candy. Townsend's.*
Towneend's California glace fruits, 50c a
pound, in flre-etched boxes or Jap. bas-
kets. A nice present lor Eastern friends.
G39 Market street, Palace Hotel bulldlnj. •
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
4Tess Clipping Bureau (Allen's*. ilO jaan:-
»ur«trry st. 'ieiephon* Main 1IHX
The old -woman who lived In a shoe is
probably the only one who never com-
plained of Its being too large.
Ladles and children traveling without escort
appreciate* the advantage o* a solid vestibule.!
?rain like. "The Overland Limited." running
through from San Francisco to Chicago, with-
o« change. IN LESS THAN THREE DAT3.
Leaving San Francisco daily at 10 >m. m.. via
Central Pacific, Union Pacific and Chicago anj
Northwestern railways.
It Is the Koute To-Day, and Will Ba
IT WAS THE KOUTE IN 49!
For All Time to Come.
Ancoatura Bitters are a South American
product. DR. StECERTS the only genuine.
Beware of the poisonous domestic subsUtuu and
imitation. ¦
Jtx. Sanford's Liver Invigorator.
The best llTer medicine.. A vetretnbl- cure for
Uver UlaC billousnes*. tndlcestlon. constipation. •
AUCTION SALES.
. By Sullivan * Doyle— On Wednesday, at 11 A. M., at 827
Fixth Ftr<M*i, Horses.
By B }'. OStrer— Wednesday. December 12, at 12 o'clock.
Real KftatP. at £23 Sutter Ftrwtj.
13y Wtn. G. Layng— Wednesday evening. December 12, at
7 .11 o'clock. Thoroughbred Yearlings, at 721 Howard street.
AMUSEMENTS.
Grar.d Opera-house— "Man's Enemey."
A Ice zar—" "Madame Butterfly."
Columbia — "The Fortune Teller."
Tivoli— "A Jolly Musketeer."
Aihsmbra— "A Hot Old Time."
California— "A Bell Boy." •
Orj>heum— Vaudeville. •
Ol\-mpl«, corner ilarou and Eddy streets — Specialties.
Oiutej, Zoo end Tt^ater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
rver.inc.
F!s- h»rs— Vaudeville.
fa'.ifornla Jorkey Club. Oakland Racetrack — Racee to-day.
TUESDAY DECEMBER n, 1900
JOHN D. SFRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address AM Communications to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
!UA.\AtiER> OFFICE Telephone V^^^X
PrULJCATIOX OFFICE... Market and Third, S. F.
Telephone Press 2O1.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenion St.
Telephone Vremm 202.
Delivered toy Carriers. IS Cen«» Per Weelc.
Single Copies, C Cents.
Terra* by Mell. Including Postages
DAILY CALT- (Including; Sunday), one yew $*M
DAILT CALL flncludlng Sun<J«T>. « month* »-00,
X>AILT CALL .including Sunday). < montbf 1-60
DAILY CALLr-By Stntfe Month I5c
SUNDAY CALL. Ore Year..... 1M
WEEKLY CAJ-L, One Year 1M
All poilmutcn are ¦ntliori»e«l to receive
subscription*.
S*siple eople* will be forwarded when rfOUestefl.
JIall subscriber* In oTSering rhamre of addrws should b#
particular to rive both 1CBW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with thel • request. '
OAKLAJVD OFFICE 1118 Bn)adwar
C. GEORGE KROCXESS.
W.intgtr Foreign Advertising. Marquette Building, Chicago.
Ojocc Distance Telephone "Central 2613.")
JCEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTO.V Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTT ATI VK :
STEPHEN II. SMITH 3O Tribune Building?
NEW YORK IfEVTS STAXD6:
Waldorf -AJtorla Hotel; A. Brentoao, SI Colon Square;
Murray Hill Hotel.
CHICAGO NEW6 HTAJiDS:
Rjerman House; P. O. New» Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
MASHIKCTON <D. C> OFFICE J4O« G St.. X. W.
MORTON B. CRAA'E, CorrenpondenL
ORAXtH OFFICES— £27 Moct*omery. corner of Clay, open
until 9:S0 o'clock. SCO Hayes, open until «:39 o'clock. tXi
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larkln. open until
*:30 o'clock. :>« Hicfion. open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market.
corner Sixteenth, open until » o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until S o'clock. NW. cor-
rer Tw»rty-secor.d and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.Be Sure and' Attend
The greatest assignee sale of "clothing.
I will sell to-morrow men's genuine wors
ted' suits that ; cost • $15 - for ,- S3 85; also 450
covert cloth ¦<• men's suits, worth. $20,- for
%$ 90. Come dno, come all, to the Boston,
775 Market street, near Fourth. - P. Q.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early •morning tides are given In tho left
hand ' column and the successive . tides of the
day In tho order of occurrence as to tlmo of
day, : th« •¦ third time column gives the last
tide of ; the day, except ; when there , *ro but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
Ktven' are In addition I to I the ¦ soundings 'on the
United States ¦ Coast " Survey charts, except
when a minus «lf?n ( — ) precedes the height, and
then the number given Is subtracted from tho
depth given by the charts. .The plane of refer
ence is the mean of the lower low waters.
Prosperity for 1001.
Indlctttions everywhere point to great pros
perity for the comias year. Tht» la a sign of
& healthy nature. The success of a country, u
well as of an individual, depends upon health.
There can be no health If the stomach la weak.
If you have any stomach trouble try Hostetter*a
Stomach Bitters, which cures dyspcpala. Indi
gestion and biliousness. Obtain our Almar.aa
for 1901— tree. It contains valuabls Information.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United" States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Times and Heights of High and . Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
. ¦ thorlty of tho Superintendent. .
. NOTE— The high and low waters occur at the
city front (Mlnslon-street wharf) about twenty
five minutes later than at Fort Point; the
height of tide Is the same at both places.
TUESDAY, DECEMBER 11.
TO ARRIVE.
A verb is often denned as a word used to
denote action, being, or state of being,
and for our present purpose this defin
ition will answer. Sometimes a verb is a
single word, as. "lions roar." Sometimes
it is a group of words denoting a single
action, as. "The light should have been
burning." • . *
Among the most common blunders in
the use of words is that of confounding
the past tense and the past participle.
Perhaps the simplest way to explain the
nature of this blunder without going too
far into definitions and technicalities is
to say that the blunder consists in con
founding the forms of a verb that should
be used in filling the blanks In the follow
ing sentences: -
Present. Past. Past Participle.
I —now I —yesterday I have
or It — now or It — yesterday or It was
If a per?on can Instantly Mil the above
blanks with the correct forms of, a given
verb he will not be likely to commit such
blunders as "1 seen him do it" -and "She
done it herself." Below la a list of some
forms often confounded or otherwise mis
used *
Begin, began, begun; blow, blew, blown:
break broke, broken; come, came, come;
do did done: drive, drove, driven; eat,
ate eaten; freeze, froze, frozen; forget,
forgot, forgotten; go, went, gone; rise,
rose, risen; see, saw, seen; speak, spoke,
spoken; steal, stole, stolen; take, took,
taken; write, wrote, written. ...
In using the words drink, vine, shrink,
Eing, sink, spring, swim, it is better to
confine the forms in "a" to the past tense,
and the forms in "u" to the past partici
ple; as "The bell rang five minutes ago";
"Yes. the bell has rung."
Gotten Is an old form of- "got" . still
used regularly In the compounds "begot
ten " "forgotten" and "ill-gotten." Some
c-ood speakers also use it instead of "got"
after "have," "was," etc.: but the prepon
derance of good usage is In favor of "got"
as the past participle of "got." It should
be remembered, however, that "I have
cot" means "I have- acquired," and that,
therefore. It should not be used when the
meaning is simply "I have."
Clothes are hung on a line; men are
hanped on a~ gallows. *
Proven as a past participle cf "prove" is
not used by the nest speakers and writers.
Therefore, following their example, w©
should scy "The guilt of the prisoner
could not be proved."
Lie ("to recline"), lay ("to cause to lie"),
sit and set ("to put") are great stumbling
block? to many people. The following: sen
tences are correct := "Lie still": "Two men
lay under tho haystack all morning; they
must have lain there all night"; "He came
in and laid hi*' books on the table"; "After
r-e lay down he remembered that he had
left his pock«tbook lying by the open win
dow" : He played until he was so tired
that he had to lie down'.'; "He had laid
himself at full' length on the graaa"; "I
In the TJ9e of Verbs.
BY PROF. H. G. BUEHXER.
XVUL HOW TO AVOID COMMON
. BLTTNDEBS. A ;
It will be found that the sum of the
areas of the squares on the sides Is equal
to the area of the square on the hypo
thenuse.. _ „ , -'¦'*'¦
You must remember the following facts
about areas bf triangles, oblonga and par
allelograms: , -
1. A parallelogram is equal in area to
the oblong of the same length and height.
2. All parallelograms which have their
bases equal and have the same height are
equal in area.
3. A diagonal of a parallelogram divides
it Into two identical triangles. •
4. A triangle is equal to half an oblong
on th« same base and of the same height.
5. All triangles which have their bases
equal and have also the same height are
equal in area.
General Bule.
The square on the hypothenuse Is equal
to the sum of the squares on the sides
containing the right angle.
The square of a number is the product
of tho number multiplied by itself. The
square root of a number is that smaller
number which multiplied by Itself will
give that number. Thus, 25 Is the square
of 6; 4 is the square root of 16.
Exercises.
J The sides forming the right angle of
a right triangle are 6 inches and 8 Inches.
Find the length of the other side.
Note— Square 6 and square 8; add to
gether; take the square root of the sum.
2 The sides forming the right angle are
15 feet and 8 feet. Find the other side.
8. Tho sides forming the right angle are
9 feet and 12 feet. Find the other side.
4 The hypothenuse is' 60 Inches and the
base 48 Inches. Find the perpendicular.
5 A ladder whose foot is placed on the
ground 9 feet from the front of a house
reaches a window at a height of 12 feet.
"What is the length of the ladder?
6 A ladder 29 feot long la placed so as to
reach a point in the front of a house 21
feet abovo the ground. How far is its foot
from tho house?
7. ABC is a triangle, and from A a per
pendicular AD is drawn to the base BC.
AD=12 Inches, BC=25 inches and BD=9
Inches. Find the lengths of AB and AC
Answers.
(1) 10 inches. (2> 17 feet. (3) 15 feet.
(4) 36 inches. (5) 15 feet. (6) 20 feet (7)
AB=15 inches, AC=20 inches.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
cin, for Limerick. ,
MAZATLAN— Arrived Dec 8— Schr J B Leeds,
from Kureka.
NEWCASTLE, Eneland— Arrived Dec 8— Ger
bark AinolJ. from Victoria.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Dec !>— Br Ehlj> Ce
darbank, from Orejron.
HAMBURG— Arrived Dec 10— Ger stmr Ta
nls, henc» Sent 6.
SHIELDS-Sailea Deo 8-Ger bark Artemis,
for .
XANAIMO— Sailed Deo 8— Stmr San Mateo.
for San Francisco.
Arrived Dec 9— Br stmr Robert Adamson.
from San Dleco. ,
HAMBURG— Arrived Dec 10— Stmr Tanls.
from Kan Francisco, via Havre.
SaJiifd Dec 7— Stmr Pennsylvania, for New
York.
GIBRALTAR— Arrived Dec 10-Stmr Werra.
from New York, for Naples and Genoa.
LONDON— Arrived Dec 10— Stmr Minneapolis,
from New York.
NAPLES- Sailed Deo 9— Etmr Fuerst Bis
marck, for New York.
BREMEN-Salled Dec 9— Btmr H H Meier,
for New York. . '
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed Dec 10-Stmr Vad
erland. from Antwerp, for New York.
LEGHORN— Arrived Dec 10-Stmr Karame
nla. from New York, via Llbaon and Gibraltar,
for Naples and Genoa,
SYDNEY. NSW — Arrived Dec 10 — Stmr
AoranKo, from Vancouver, B C, via Honolulu
and Brisbane.*
NEW YORK— Arrived Dec 10— Stmr Cale
donia, from Liverpool.
Steamer Movements.
TO SAIL.
Water Tront Notes.
The • four-maeted schooner Robert
Searles has Just completed a wonderfully
WITH her flags at half-mast the
United States army transport
Hancock arrived from Manila
yesterday. It was reported
by cable that she was to
i bring home 2000 dead, but instead all the
bodies aboard did not number a dozen.
The remains taken aboard at Honolulu
were transferred to the Thomas and all
that were to have come home on the Han
cock have been distributed among the
fleet. The Grant, now on her way here,
has about 250 bodies, and other vessels
will brtns along the remainder. .
Those who came up in the cabin or tne
Hancock were:
Frcra Manila— Major F. P. Reynolds, surgeon
V. S. V.; Major Philip G. Wales, surgeon U.
«' V • Mrs Wales ana two children: Captain
Henry J. Hunt. Sixth I*. S. Infantry: Captain
L'evereux Phields, Twenty-ninth Infantry. U. S.
V. ; Captain Frederick S. Dewey, assistant sur
geon, V. S. V. ; Lieutenant Percy M. Kessler,
Third V. S. Artillery; Lieutenant John W.
Barnes, Twenty-fourth Infantry. U. t*. A.;
Lieutenant R. C. Davis. Seventeenth Infantry,
L\ 6. A.; Lieutenant John Campbell, Thirtieth
Infantry V. 8. V.; Lieutenant E. K. Hayden,
U. S. N\; R. Hayden, son of Lieutenant Hay
den: Walter T. Colfman. auditor public civil
funds; Dr. J. C. Relfsnyder, A. A. S., U. S. V. ;
Dr. A. \V. Morse. A. A. S., U. S. V.: Dr. R.
M. Klrby Smith. A. S. S., 0. S. V.; Dr. Percy
L Jones. A. A. 3., U. S. V.; Dr. GeorRe K.
Btorey. A. A. S.. U. S. V.; N. Wlttenbsrger.
clerk ordnance department: O. T. Cartwrlght,
clerk War Department; Mrs. Case and one
child, wife of Major Case. Fortieth Infantry;
Mrs Grandy and one child, wife of Major L.
B. Grandy; Mrs. Cromwell and one child, wife
of Lieutenant Cromwell, Thirty-ninth Infantry;
Mrs O'Shea and one child, wife of Lieutenant
O'Shea, Fourth Cavalry; Miss Susie Holeomb,
'sister of ilrs. AVShea; Mrs. E. B. Gose. wife of
Captain Gose" Ttvrnty-fourth Infantry; Mrs.
Craig and one child, wife of Cnlonel Craig,
Thirty-second Infantry; Mrs. Orwlgr and three
children wife of Major Orwlg, Thirty-seventh
Infantry; Mrs. Erlckson, wife of Captain
Erlck»on Thirty-seventh Infantry; Mrs. Dorcy
and one chllfl. wife of Lieutenant Dorcy. Fourth
Cavalry; Mrs. llleley. Mrs. Augusta G. Reed,
Miss Clara M. Zeller, M1S3 Lucy C. Annan and
MIsb Slbble Wilson, contract nurses.
From Nagasaki— Mrs. Fj 8. Dewey, wife of
Captain Dewey, U. S. V.: Mr. and Mrs. Ar
thur Macondray; Mrs. A. Hatcheck, E. J. Mun
by and Mrs. C. J. Bayer.
Besides these there were 369 other pas
sengers, some of whom were prisoners,
some discharged soldiers and some clvll-
Ali the bodies the Hancock had taken
from Honolulu and Guam had been trans
ferred at Manila, and when she left the
Philippines she was a "clean ship," save
for the sick aboard. At Nagasaki the re
mains of Corporal Victor J. Lindermann
of the Third Artillery were transferred
from the hospital Bhip Relief.
On November 21 Hiram E. Williams,
corporal Thirty-fifth Infantry. d'ed
aboard the Hancock, of dysentery.
On November 23 John Valentine, private
Forty-sixth Infantry, died of tuberculosis.
On November 25 Thomas. Klncald, pri
vate Forty-seventh Infantry, died of
pneumonia.
On November 26 Private James F. Keen,
Fortieth Infantry, died of dysentery.
On November 27 Private John A. Mor
ten, Thirty-seventh Infantry, died of
pneumonia.
On November 29 Private A. K. Clausen
of the Forty-second Infantry committed
suicide. He was despondent and suffering
from an Incurable disease, so he used an
old rusty knife to cut the main artery.
The doctors kep.t him alive for two days
but he finally succumbed.
John H. Dennis, a corporal in the Twen
ty-fifth Infantry, died of heart disease on
November 30, and Private Morris R. Rob
erts of the Thirty-seventh Infantry
passed away on December 1.
John Whaley of the Thirty-sixth Infan
try died on December 7 of pneumonia, and
just as the ship was making port Thomas
J. Moran «f the Nineteenth Infantry
joined the great majority. All the bodies
were embalmed and brought to San Fran
cisco, but Moran was the only one who
got 1 a glimpse of his native land before
death. : .
The Hancock came in with all her flags
at half-mast and was promptly quaran
tined. About 4 p. m. she was released
and two hours later the cabin passengers
came ashore.
Among those who came up on the Han
cock was Captain Devereux Shields. Ho
was captured by the Filipinos and nearly
killed. He still bears the marks of the
bolos and says he never wants to spend
another month and a half among the in
surgents. . ¦ l Y- 'V--','
Arrival of the Hathor.
The Kosmos liner Hathor arrived from
Antwerp via South and Central American
ports yesterday. Owing: to the fact that
the Sierra was on one side of, Pacific-
Street wharf and the Alden Besse on the
other she could not dock in her old berth
and had to go to Lombard street. To
morrow when the Sierra sails there will
be room for her and she will move there
whendlscharged. The Hathor stopped at
San Diego on her way here and all tho
news she brought from South and Cen
tral America was telegraphed here.
i m • . ¦
Trouble, in the Mandalay.
There was a strike on the steam
schooner Mandalay last Sunday.- The
union men struck for higher wages and
Captain Reid refused to acede to their de
mand. Later the men walked off and the
captain got up steam and anchored- off
Vallejo-street wharf. Then he went
ashore and ; secured a non-union crew.
At a late hour the Mandalay went to sea
and the union now promises to make trou
ble for her at Coquille River, whither she
is bound. ',
. BRISBANIO— Sailed Deo 7— Br «tmr Mlowera.
for Vancouver.
: FAliMOUTH-Sailed Dec 8— Br ship Lord El-
Notice to Mariners.
SAX FRANCISCO BAY. CALIFORNIA.
Notice is hereby rflvcn that the three-pile
beacon, red, No. 10, on southerly side of Al
viso channel, lower pan of San Francisco Bay,
hes been destroyed. It will be rebuilt as »oon
as practicable. '
This notice affects the "List of Beacons and
Buoys. Pacific Coast. I90<>," page 22.
By order of the Lighthouse Hoard.
U. SEBREE.
Commander, U. S. N.. Inspector Twelfth Light
house District
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
. Monday, December 10.
Sttnr Alcazar. Gunderson, 39 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Sequoia, Winkle, 15 hours from Fort
ftrarff.
Stmr Alcatrar, Carlson, 3D hours from Sin
Pedro.
Stmr Santa Cruz, Hlnkle. 24 hours from Port
Harford, via Cayucoo 21 hours. •
Stmr Grace .Dollar, Kosen, 40 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Eureka, Jessen, 25 hours from Eureka.
8tmr Iaqua. Bash, 42 hours from San Diego.
• U S »tmr Hancock. Strove, 25 days from Ma
nila, via Nagasaki 17 days.
Oer stmr Hathor, Voss, 116 days from Hajr
burt, ttc.
Hktn S O Wilder, Jackson, 22 days from
Honolulu.
Schr J O 'Wall, Jensen, 8 days from Eureka.
CLEARED.
Monday, December 10.
Stmr San bias, Irvine, Nanalmo; Pacific Mall
S H Co.
Stmr Bonlta, Nopander, San Pedro: Goodall,
Perkins & Co. >>
Br stmr Bristol. Mclntyre, Chemalnus; R
Dunsmulr's Sons Co.
Bark Alden Besse, Potter, Honolulu: J D
Spreckels & Bros Co. i
SAILEfD. '
Monday, December 10.
Stmr Geo Loomls. Brldsett. Ventura,
. Stmr Whltesboro, Olsen, .
Stmr- Santa Barbara, Jahneen, Eureka.
Stmr Aleatraz, Carlson, . '
Stmr Aberdeen. Roberts. Eureka,
Stmr Noyo, Johnson, Fort BraKtr.
Br stmr Bristol. McIHtyre, Chemalnus.
Bark Emnlre, Knacke. AdPlaide.
Schr Sehome, Petersen, Burrards Inlet.
Schr Bella, Smith, Sluslaw River.
8chr. Maxim, Olsen. Caspar.
SPOKEN.
Oct 15. lat 56 S, Ion S3 ¦«'— Ger ship Alster
kanip, from Antwerp, for San Diego.
" ' TELEGRAPHIC. '
POINT LOBOS. Dec 10, 10 p m— Weather
foggy; wind calm.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Dec !-Schr Louise,
from Urnpqua River. ¦ . ¦
Sailed Dec 10— Bark Tidal Wave, for Tacoma.
ORAYS HARBOR— Arrived Dec 10-Schr Vo
lant, hence Is'ov 20. .
is PORT LUDLOV- Sailed Dec MV-Bktn Beni
cta, for San Kranclsco.
. BOWENS LANDING— Sailed Dec 10-Schr J
Epplnger, for San Francisco.
COOS BAY— Arrived . Dec 10-Stmr Arcatay
hence -Dec S.
BANDON- Arrived Dec 10— Stmr Pomona.
hence Dec 9; stmr Pasadena, from San Pedro:
schr P-ertle Minor, from .Honolulu.
Sailed Dec 10— Stmr Lakme. for San Fran
cisco. ¦
ASTORIA— Arrived Dec 10— Ger bark WU1
kommen. from Klaochau; Br bark Blalrhoyle,
from Tort Natal.
Sailed Dec 10— Br »tmr Adato. for Victoria:
Nor bark Stjorn, for United Kingdom.
SAN DIEGO— Arrived Dec 10— U S stmr Far-
SOUTH BEND— Sailed Dec 8— Bchr North
Bend, for San Francisco; schr Repeat, for San
Francisco. • ¦ •
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Dec 9— Schr Fear
less, for Guaymas; schr Lizzie Vance, for San
Francisco: stmr ¦¦ Signal, for San Francisco. ' ,:¦
SKATTLK— Sailed Dec 9— Stmr Jeanle, . for
Ban Francisco: stmr Santa Ana, for Tacoma,'
' FOREIGN PORTS.
FREMANTLE— Arrived Dec »— Schr Robert
Soarles. from Port Blakeisy. ,j -•-.-.
CORONEL— Arrived Dec 9— Stmr .. American,
from New York, for San Francisco.
NAGASAKI— Arrived Dec 7— Stmr CaHfor
nlwi from Taku, ¦ for San Francisco.
SANTA ROSALIA— Arrived Nov 21— Br ship
Thistle, from Cardiff. ¦ —
SHARPNESS— Arrived Dec 6— Ger. ship Peru.
NEWCASTLE, Aus-Arrived prior to Dec »—
Ship Emily Reed,- from Sydney, to load for
Honolulu. ,'¦ : ~ ¦•-¦'¦
; Balled Nov — — Nor bark Rokeby Hall, for Pa
'irULL^-Arrtved Dec 8— Br stmr Klngr David,
hence July 10. ' -
IQUIQL'E— Arrived Nov 8— Ger stmr Herodot.
hence Oct 3, for Hamburg.
Sailed Oct SI— Ital ship Cavalier* Ciampa, for
The Alice loads wheat at Portland for Eu
rcpe, 41s 3d, prior to nrrlral; the Alsterthal,
lumber at Hastings Mills for Valparaiso, for
orders, Cos. prior to arrival; the Centesima,
wheat at Tacoma for Europe; the C. H. Wat-
Jen, wheat at Portland for Europe, 41s 3d,
prior to arrival.
Shipping Merchants.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
quick trip from Puget Sound to Fre
mantle. Australia, making the run-- in
eii?htv days. This is the best run of the
3f : ason and Captain J. H. Plltz will re
ceive many congratulations on his re.
turn. The captnin is a native son and
succeeded his father in command of the
Vessel. This is his first voyage, and, of
course, all his friends are elated over his
success.
The British ship Carmanian, that has
bpen in quarantine since November 12 last,
was released to-day. She came here from
Calcutta and had pome suspicious cases
aboard. All members of the crew were
fumigated and all the ballast was thrown
overboard. It must have cost the owners
many thousands of dollars to get away
from Angel Island.
A. Rademer, late chief officer of the City
of Panama, has been transferred to the
San Bias and will go out on that vessel.
The recruiting £>ta.tlons scattered
throughout the country are sending lo
the Presidio an average of thirty recruits
every day. The casual camp 'now con
tains more than four hundred of these
embryo soldiers.
William J. Brown, Company F, Fourth
Infantry, died at the General Hospital
yesterday.
Clerks were busy at headquarters yes
terday a.spiprmngr to the transport Logan
contract surgeons and nurses, hospital
stewards and privates. Acting Assistant
Surpeons Purcell. Whittington and Thor.v»
will take passage on the vessel, as will
also N'urses Marie E. Moore and Hen
rietta Morrison. Hospital Steward Georff*
Graham will go in charge of a detach
ment of twenty-two hospital corps men
detached from Fort McDowell.
SURGEONS AND NURSES
ARE ORDERED TO MAOTXA
Transport Logan Will Carry a Large
Number to Care for the
Sick.
Measure the hypothenuse as accurately
as possible, and find In square inches the
area of the square on each hypothenuse.
Write down in each case the results in a
tabular form as follows:
1. The length of the sides.
' 2. Areas of the squares on these
Bides.
3. Sum of these squares.
4. Measured length of hypothenuse.
5. Area of the square on the hypo
thenues.
6. Difference between 3 and ».
There is an Important property of right
triangles which should .be tested In a
large number of cases. ' •
Draw the following right triangles:
1. Sides 3 inches, 4 inches.
2. Sides 12 inches, S inches.
3. Sides 6 Inches. 2*4 inches.
4. Sides 6 inches, S inches.
5. Sides 1. Inch. & of an inch.
6. Sides 2 inches, 3 Inches.
7. Sides 3 3-10 inche?. 4 4-10 inches.
Measure in each case the third side.
This side is called the hypothenuse of the
right triangle.
XVII. HOW TO MEASURE RIGHT
TRIANGLES.
Consul for Bolivia.
Escipion Canal has been recognised by
the Secretary of State as Consul for Bo
livia at this port.
Or suppose that Mr. Gould wishes to ac
cept the Invitation. Shall he then writ*
as follows?
"'Mr. Gould wilt be happy to accept Mrs.
Black's kind Invitation for Thurs'dar."
Certainly not; for when will he be nappy
to accept? Is he writing a note now to
say that he means to accent at some fu
ture time, and that when he does accept
he will feel happy? Or doea he mean this
note to be an acceptance? If he doea,
then he is happy now, and he should §ay:
"Mr. Gould accepts with pleasure (or. Is
happy to accept) Mrs. Black's kind Invita
tion for Thursday."
"Mr. Gould regrets that he la unable to
accept Mrs. Black's kind Invitation, as he
expects to be absent from the city on
Thursday.",
In this note Mr. Gould means to say
that absence from the city "next Thurs
day" will prevent him from being present
at Mrs. Black's entertainment, and that
therefore he la now compelled to decline
the Invitation. Mrs. Black's entertain
ment and Mr. Gould's absence from the
city are Indeed things of the future, prop
erly referred to by the future tense; but
Mr. Gould's acceptance or declination of
the invitation is a fact of the present,
and therefore in his note he should have
said something like this:
Present facta and unchangeable truths.
however, should be expressed In the pres
ent tense, regardless of the tense of the
main verb, as, "What did you say bis
name is?***
3. The perfect Infinitive, "To have seen,"
"to have hurt." etc., is properly used to
denote action which is completed at the
time denoted by the main verb, aar "I am
glad to have Been Niagara Falls/' "He
felt sorry to have hurt your feelings."
This principle la violated In the following
Incorrect sentences: "I Intended to have
done it yesterday." (The doing wa* not
completed at the time of the Intending.)
"It was the policeman's duty to have ar
rested the thief."" (The arrest had not
been made at the time referred to by "It
was the policeman's duty.") The sen
tences should read: "I intended to do it
yesterday." "It was the policeman's duty
to arrest the thief."
Notes accepting or declining Invitations
often show a wrong use of the future
tense. For example, the following note Is
Incorrect: .
"Mr. Gould regrets that absence from
the city will prevent him from accepting
Mrs. Black's kind invitation for next
Thursday."
I know he would come.
I have taken the first train, that Z may
arrive early.
I had taken the first train, that I might
arrive early.
Blanche will be frightened if she sees
the bat. •
Blanche would be frightened If sh» saw
the bat.
Blanche would have been frightened if
she had seen the bat.
I knew he would come.
5. When one or more plural words coma
between a singular subject and Its verb a
writer is in danger of forgetting- the real
subject and of piving to the verb the num
ber of the nearest substantive. The fol
lowing sentences are correct: "The forma
tion of paragraphs Is very important."
(Here the subject la "formation.")
"Every one of us has had this feeling."
(Here the subject is "every one.")
Some writers hold that in careful writ
ing contracted forms should be avoided,
but all are agreed that in conversation
some contractions, if correctly used, are
natural and proper. The conversation of
a. person who never said "can't" for "can
not," "don't" tor "do not" or "doesn't"
for "does not" 'would seem stiff, i Cars
should, however, be taken not to use plu
ral contractions for singular, or singular
for plural. "Don't" Is a contraction of "do
not," "doesn't" of "does not"; therefore
the following sentences are correct: ""Why
doesn't she come?" "Why don't they
come?" The proper contraction of "is
not" is "isn't," of "are not" "aren't."
"Daresn't." if used at ail. should be used
only when "dares not" might be substi
tuted. "Ain't" Is never proper under any
circumstances.
Among the most perplexing questions
connected with the proper use of verbs
are those which have to do with the
choice of the proper tense or time form.
In general the tense of a verb should cor
rectly express the time referred to. The
following principles are established by
good usage:
L Verbs xeferring to the same tlmo
should be in the same tense. The princi
ple is violated in the following sentences:
"It was a superstition among the Mexi
cans that a bullet will not kill a man un
less it has his name stamped on It";
"Soon after Oliver reached home a serv
ant announces the presence of Oliver'*:
"If you would only wait, your success
will be certain."
2. The tense of the verb in a dependent
clause varies with the tense of the main
verb, as:
3. When subjects connected by "or" or
"nor" are of different numbers, the verb
usually agrees with the nearest; as, "Ona
or two were there."
4. Words joined to a singular subject by
"with," "together with," "in addition to
or "as well as." are not on the same
grammatical level as the subject, but are
parenthetical, and therefore do not affect
the number of the verb; as, "Justice, as
well as mercy, allows it."
1. The pronoun "you" takes a plural
verb even when its meaning is singular;
as, "Tom, you were late."
2. A collective noun In the singular num
ber takes a singular verb when the collec
tion is viewed as a whole; a plural verb
when the members of the collection ar«
thought of as individuals; as, "The com
mittee was discharged." (Here the com
mittee Is thought of as a body.) "The
committee were eating dinner." (The com
mittee ate, not as a body, but as separate
individuals.)
The principle that a verb agrees with Its
subject in number is in most cases fol
lowed unconsciously. A few instructions,
however, require special notice:
Bread and butter Is good enough for
me. (Two singular subjects taken togeth
er as one thing; singular verb.)
Neither Fred nor hla sister was there.
(Two sinerular subjects considered sepa
rately; singular verb.)
You observe that, in general, a singular
form of the verb is used when the subject
is singular or regarded as singular; a>
plural form when the subject is plural or
regarded as plural.
"Gulliver's Travels" was written by
Swift. (Subject plural In form, but sin
gular in sense, denoting a single book;
singular verb.)
Tom and his sister were there. (Two sin
gular subjects, together forming a plural;
plural verb.)
have lain down and I feet rented"; **I lay
doTvn an hour a^o to take a nap"; "When
Romeo saw Juliet lying In the caaket, ha
lay down by her side and drank the
poison. When Juliet awoke, seeing Romeo
lying beslJe her dead, she took a sword
¦which lay near and killed herself."
Many blunders In the use of verbs have
to do with what is called "the agreement
of a verb with its subject." In the case
of the verb "to be" the form of the verb
varies greatly, according to the person
and number of the subject, as. "I am."
"thou art." "he, she or it is." "we or they
are," "I was." "you were," "they were."
In the case of other verbs the only varia
tion for number and person In common
use is the addition of "s" to the verb
when the subject is in the third person
singular, as. "the Sun sets." This 13 called
the singular or "s" form of the verb.
Now examine the verbs and their sub
jects in the following sentences:
A sense of duty pursues us ever. (Sin
gular subject; singular verb.)
Troubles never come singly. (Plural
subject; plural verb.)
Half of them are gone. (Subject singu
lar in form, but plural in sense; plural
verb.)
Patients Who
Died on Voyage
From Manila.
NIGHT SCHOOL: HOW TO DO THINGS. ¦
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
•
1NIGI-IT- SCHOOL COURSE.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
TRANSPORT HANCOCK ARRIVES
WITH ELEVEN DEAD ABOARD
THB SAK FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER ll^ 1900.
UNITED STATES TRANSPORT HANCOCK COMING INTO PORT WITH HER FLAGS AT HALF MAST AND THB
\ BODIES OF ELEVEN SOLDIERS OX BOARD, TEN OF THEM BEING REMAINS OF PATIENTS WHO DIED
DURING THE RUN FROM NAGASAKI.
7
Steamer. Destination." Sails. Pier.
R. Dollar... Seattle Deo. 11, 6 pm Pier 13
Rival WUlapaHar.. Dec. 11, 6pm Pier 2
Coronado .. Grays Harbor D«a. 11, 6 pra Peir 2
Chas Xelsn Humboldt Dec. 11, 12 m Pier 2
Newburg •- Grays Harbor Dec. 11, 5 pm Pier 3
I.tonlta Newport Dec. 11, 9 am Pier 11
G. Dollar... Grays Harbor Dec. 11. 6 pm Pier 2
North Fork Humboldt Dec. 11, Sampler 2
Samoa Humboldt Dec 12, 10 am Pier 2
Queen San Diego Dec. 12, 9 am Pier 11
Senator Vic & Pgt Sd. Dec. IS, 11 am Pier 9
Sierra Sydney* Way Dec. 12, 9 am Pier 7
Eureka .... Humboldt Dec. 12, 9 am Pier 13
Pomona .... Humboldt Dec. 14, 2 pm Pier 9
City R. JaniChtna& Japan Dec. 14,, 1 pm PMSS
Czarina ...[Seattle & Tac. Dec. 14, 5 pm Pier 8
Columbia ..[Portland Dec. 14, 11 am Pier 24
Corona Newport Dec. 14, 9 am Pier 11
Alliance ... PorU"d&C.B. Dec. 14, 10 am Pier 20
Bel. Kinc .. Chlna& Japan Dec. 15, 10 am Pier 27
Excelsior .. Alaska v. Seat Dec. 15, 12 m A O W
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Dec. 15, 2 pm Pier 2
Arcata Coos Bay Dec. 15, 12 jr. Pier 13
Santa Ito8;i. San Diego..... Deo. 18, 9 am Pier 11
Walla Wai. Vic & Pgt Sd. Dec. 17. 11 am Pier 9
W HKrugerK /ays Harbor Dec. 17 Pier —
ion.
ler.
[aqua San Diego Dec. 11
Willamette Seattle Dec. 11
Progreso Seattle Dec. 11
Czarina ........ Seattle...... Dec. 11
Columbia Portland Dec. 11
Progreso Seattle......... Dec. 12
San Mateo Nanalmo Dec. 12
Pomona Humboldt Dec. 12
Corona Newport .(Dec. 12
San Pedro Humboldt ,.... Deo. 12
VV. H. Kruger.. Grays Harbor Dec. 13
descent City.. Crescent City.... Dec. 13
Washtenaw .... Tacoma Dec. 13
Walla Walla... Victoria & Puget Sound Dec. 13
Santa Rosa San Diego Dec. 13
Arcata Coos Bay Dec 13
Point Arena Point Arena Dec. 13
Root. Adamson Nanalmo..... Dec. 14
Eureka Humboldt Dec. 13
Neko Hamburg & Way Porta Dec. 15
Coptic China and Japan Dec. 15
Del Norte.. Portland and Coos Bay. Dec 13
Mackinaw Seattle Dec. 15
Empire ......... Coos Bay Dec. 15
Mandalay ...... Coquille River.. Dec. 16
Bonlta- Newport Dec. 16
Queen : San Diego Dec. 16
G. W. Elder.... Portland Dec. 16
Rainier Seattle & New Whatcom Dec. 16
North Fork Humboldt Dec. 17
Sun rises
Sun sets ••••
Moon»rises
7:13
• 4:51
10:24 p. m.
0 Time • Time
P> Ft. — —
• H W L W
11 ... 3:60 5.0 !»:06
12 ... 4:33 6.0 10:26
13 ... 5:14 6.1 11:45
14 ... 5:M 5.2 12:50
15 ... 6:34 5.2 1:39
L. W H W
18 ... 0:12 .2.5 7:12|
17 ... 0:59 2.8 7:47j
Ft.
3.2
3.0
2.6
2.2
1.7
Time Time
Ft. Ft.
H W L W
2:40 4.5 9:10 0.7
3:46 4.0 9:51 1.8
5:01 3.5 10:37 1.7
6:21 3.3 ll:25 2.2
7:40 3.4 ;..
L •TV H "W
2:18 1.2 8:51 3.5
2:54 0.6 »:46 3.7
IB;
I 5.4
Sun rises
Sun sets ••••
Moon»rises
7:13
• 4:51
10:24 p. m.
0 Time • Time
P> Ft. — —
• H W L W
11 ... 3:60 5.0 !»:06
12 ... 4:33 6.0 10:26
13 ... 5:14 6.1 11:45
14 ... 5:M 5.2 12:50
15 ... 6:34 5.2 1:39
L. W H W
18 ... 0:12 .2.5 7:12|
17 ... 0:59 2.8 7:47j
Ft.
3.2
3.0
2.6
2.2
1.7
Time Time
Ft. Ft.
H W L W
2:40 4.5 9:10 0.7
3:46 4.0 9:51 1.8
5:01 3.5 10:37 1.7
6:21 3.3 ll:25 2.2
7:40 3.4 ;..
L •TV H "W
2:18 1.2 8:51 3.5
2:54 0.6 »:46 3.7
IB;
I 5.4
Steamer. Destination." Sails. Pier.
R. Dollar... Seattle Deo. 11, 6 pm Pier 13
Rival WUlapaHar.. Dec. 11, 6pm Pier 2
Coronado .. Grays Harbor D«a. 11, 6 pra Peir 2
Chas Xelsn Humboldt Dec. 11, 12 m Pier 2
Newburg •- Grays Harbor Dec. 11, 5 pm Pier 3
I.tonlta Newport Dec. 11, 9 am Pier 11
G. Dollar... Grays Harbor Dec. 11. 6 pm Pier 2
North Fork Humboldt Dec. 11, Sampler 2
Samoa Humboldt Dec 12, 10 am Pier 2
Queen San Diego Dec. 12, 9 am Pier 11
Senator Vic & Pgt Sd. Dec. IS, 11 am Pier 9
Sierra Sydney* Way Dec. 12, 9 am Pier 7
Eureka .... Humboldt Dec. 12, 9 am Pier 13
Pomona .... Humboldt Dec. 14, 2 pm Pier 9
City R. JaniChtna& Japan Dec. 14,, 1 pm PMSS
Czarina ...[Seattle & Tac. Dec. 14, 5 pm Pier 8
Columbia ..[Portland Dec. 14, 11 am Pier 24
Corona Newport Dec. 14, 9 am Pier 11
Alliance ... PorU"d&C.B. Dec. 14, 10 am Pier 20
Bel. Kinc .. Chlna& Japan Dec. 15, 10 am Pier 27
Excelsior .. Alaska v. Seat Dec. 15, 12 m A O W
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Dec. 15, 2 pm Pier 2
Arcata Coos Bay Dec. 15, 12 jr. Pier 13
Santa Ito8;i. San Diego..... Deo. 18, 9 am Pier 11
Walla Wai. Vic & Pgt Sd. Dec. 17. 11 am Pier 9
W HKrugerK /ays Harbor Dec. 17 Pier —
ion.
ler.
[aqua San Diego Dec. 11
Willamette Seattle Dec. 11
Progreso Seattle Dec. 11
Czarina ........ Seattle...... Dec. 11
Columbia Portland Dec. 11
Progreso Seattle......... Dec. 12
San Mateo Nanalmo Dec. 12
Pomona Humboldt Dec. 12
Corona Newport .(Dec. 12
San Pedro Humboldt ,.... Deo. 12
VV. H. Kruger.. Grays Harbor Dec. 13
descent City.. Crescent City.... Dec. 13
Washtenaw .... Tacoma Dec. 13
Walla Walla... Victoria & Puget Sound Dec. 13
Santa Rosa San Diego Dec. 13
Arcata Coos Bay Dec 13
Point Arena Point Arena Dec. 13
Root. Adamson Nanalmo..... Dec. 14
Eureka Humboldt Dec. 13
Neko Hamburg & Way Porta Dec. 15
Coptic China and Japan Dec. 15
Del Norte.. Portland and Coos Bay. Dec 13
Mackinaw Seattle Dec. 15
Empire ......... Coos Bay Dec. 15
Mandalay ...... Coquille River.. Dec. 16
Bonlta- Newport Dec. 16
Queen : San Diego Dec. 16
G. W. Elder.... Portland Dec. 16
Rainier Seattle & New Whatcom Dec. 16
North Fork Humboldt Dec. 17
AMTTSEEEENTS.
f^ftl ll^MEbllk SAM FEASCISCO'S
<U sJ %m vj itfl US £ A LEADJKO THEATRE
LAST t MGUTS-MATINIEE SATURDAY.
ALICE NIELSEN
And the ALICE NIEIiEEN' OPERA CO.
Direction cf TYmnk L. Perlejr.
lV>-N1gbt *ad "Wedneeday, lA»t TJmea,
"THE FORTUNE TELLER."
By Herbert and Smith.
Ttmrsday, F"r!da.y «J»d Saturday Nl«bta and |
Saturday Matinee.
'THE SINGING GIRL."
By Herbert. Smith and Slang*.
Next Mor.day— FREDERICK WARDE In I
"THE DUKlTt* JESTER."
ANOTHER~BIG HOUSE
iAr.4 tt'm a hsb:t with us> tf» have Mg houses.)
MX THIS WEEK. MATINEE SATCRDAT.
JO^iN M.WELCH
A BELL BOY
N-rt Sunday Afterroon— TOU.T. TCXIAI^. ;
VC^TAti HKN BE7TDRICKB in the, Play ThaX
lea* i«-:m ramooa. "olf: olson."
*TI¥OLI*
.71 '. e T TO PAPS T7IK TIME A WAT.
FOtHJH AXD LAST WEEK OF
THE JOLLY
MUSKETEER;
THF BEST COMJC OPERA IX TEARS.
Eveatsga at N Mat'.r)«>« Saturday at J.
NEXT MONDAY NIGHT
"CINDERELLA"
¦U HX BE WITH TOr. BRINOINa YTJLE-
TIL»E Ki*N AND FROLIC.
POrCLAU PUICEP— 25 ornts and 00 cents.
Tel»;"r.on«? Rurh S.
GOOD GOODS inBOOD VAUDEVILLE
DAVIS AXD MACATJLEY, HAB-
HONY FOUB, SPENSER KELLY,
AEESN A1TD PATBICK, PA-
TRICE AND COKPAUY, BOB- j
HRTTJS AND WILFSEDO, MAY j
DE EOTJSA, PANTZEE TBIO,
GREAT AHEBICAN BIOGBAPH.
P.esrrvrfl Ri'sts. 25 cents ; Balcony. 10 c«ate;
f'T-^-ra. Chalre and B'X P*»ats. 50 c«ntf.
Matir.^es W»><5Ti«>«Jay. Faturday and SunJar.
fi^HEATRE V A>
rrV*EKT NIGHT THIS WEEK.
KATDCEE PATURDAT AXD SUNDAT.
The P^markable Ose-Act Play.
M A B A H F JAPANESE
iHAUillnlj TRAGEDY,
BUTTERFLY. fc 6CO .
Preceded by Gilbert's Comedy,
*"?YGMALION AND GALATEA."
KaSlneea Fatiirdar end Sunday.
c: ¦-!¦¦— ______——^—^^
>I^T EI-TjTKCHOVSn Prop, and ilanapjr
I'. v vei«- South "0 !
This \W<-k — "<rood By" P«rrormanc^3
UATINEE SATURDAY.
1 1* RATS' HOWLDta SUCCESS
' X A HOT OLD TIME"]
J<jhn W J«s as Larrj- KaofMT.
XHXT BCKDAT AFTERXOON,
mn DO5-TON* LYRIC OFERA COMPAKT.
€0 PEOPLE r-eO
TrencntlnK the Hright and Catchy Comic Opera.
••SAID F*/\SH/\ ?»
BnBflAy Nlsht-"CAnMEN" with
C 'itLA.MARIN! uncf RUSKO, in conjunction
with ALtSSA>DROM and Ke
IJOSTON LYKIC OPERA COMPANY.
2— CARMEN NIGHTS-3.
1'vezAr.g. J5c Sie, 3ic, Vk. end 75c Matinee,
!;*» iic. 2:.c and Me S<?at» rrafly Ttursday.
RACING ! RACING I RACING I
liCO-WINTEIt MEETIXG-18CL
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
UEC. M to DEC lith. INCLUSIVE.
OAKLAND HACETKACK.
Jiacins Mcnaay, Tuesday. Wednesday. Tlwn-
cjJ. Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine.
Vive ct more race* each day.
jltcu ttart at 2:15 p. "m. sharp.
;•¦.»: rv- 1. ati leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12X1 i. 1:32. 2, 2:30 and > - p. ia.. connecting
Vm trains etnppins at the entrance to th«
ti/i'-k. Lest two cars en train reserved for
la J*b end thc'.r escorts; no snicking. Buy your
brigr ticitct* to Shell ilound. All trains via
• Oft; land mole connect nith 8an I*ablo »venu»
?¦l-f.-trlc car» at Seventh and • Broadway. O*k-
*%"4. Also all trains via Alaraeda mole con-
>§! with San Pablo avenue cam at Fourteenth
a~tJ Broadway. Oakland. These elfctrto cam
Co direct i '•?*.<" track In fifteen rcisutea.
. ,itu.-:.:n».-*r.Tralr.» leave the track at 4:15 and
it p. ;n. and immeCiatelr after the Sart rac*.
THOMAS H. WILMA3IS JR.. Prerldcat.
A. li. MILP.OT. fiecrsury. I
ADVERTISEMENTS.
p JliL JLdJCd
...»r. t TH£...
"NO-PERCENTAGE," |
lUGSQdY; nth,
Our Gsiri3tmas Gift Day.
V.'e creyent free to our patron* on the ¦
above date an elegant doll. It Inches Ions.
real kid body, genuine blsc bead, with
every purchase of COc or over.
SEE THE DOLLS IN OUR SHOW
WINDOW. j
EVERYBODY WELCOME.
Or we will pay any one $25 who cannot be
with one box of Verus Pile Cure. Price
$2.00. Over 10,000 cured. No failure.
"I had Protruding Piles many years.
Tried every remedy I heard of and had
them cut out twice. I despaired of a
cure until I. tried Verus Pile Cure. I
was never so surprised In my life to find
myselfi cured before using half a box. It
Is indeed wonderful.
"E. P. WEIDNER,
"1178 Fifth St.". Des Moinen. Iowa."
YERUS PILE CURE CO., fin 226, WilSOHUM
Or the old and reliable Ellington Drug
Company. Agents, Fourth and Spring
streets, Los Angeles, Cal.
PqIqock These hotels oos-
i dlrtlrC sess the attributes
j that tourists and
£1,I1Q travelers appreciate
: —central location.
frPQ Tl (\ libcral manafce-
Ul CHILI ment. modern ap-
: jj . | pointments and
iiOtelS Perfe'ct cuisine.
American and Eu-
Scjj Francisco ropean phns.
• —
DR. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
j Fcr the core ot GONORRHOEA. GLEETS.
fcTRICTURI£S and analogous complaints of ttm
Orxans of Generation.
Price tl a bottle. For tale by 4rugrlsts.
AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND OPERA MOUSE
CROWDED A1A* THE TIME.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAT.
ASSURED SUCCESS OF
THB OLIVER-LESLIE CO.
ALL. THIS WEEK.
TirE GREAT ENGLISH MELODRAMA.
MAN'S ENEMYI
NEXT WEEK
"A TALE OF TWO CITIES."
Prices— 10c. lEc, 25c. 60c. A Few Front Row*
In OrchMtra. 75c - M»tln*es— 10c, 15c. 26c. 60c
No Hls:h«r. Branch Ticket Office, emporium.
t7TQf«III7D»C CONCERT HOUSn.
riOl/nHK O AdtniBaion 10c.
COGILL ANT> COOPER'S COMEDIANS IN
"ALL MIXED!" "ALL MIXED!"
A HOST OF 6PECIALT1E3 AND MUSICAL
. ACTS!
Reserved aeiU, 25c. Matinees Sunday.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
1 CHRISTMAS BARGAINS
J03& p OR THB LADIES.
There Is nothing any gentleman
can select that will give so much
pleasure to wifo, mother or sisters
\ l^v*"^ as a useful and stylish fur garment
r-^SKL~~ riiR CAPES « F| J R NECK SCARFS.
' 0WWw2k Tl)R STORM COLLARS FUR JACKETS.
* jv^'^vxisk ELECTRIC SEAL. FUR CHINA SEAL FUR
_ Jg^fi V f "•*• *V Vtt\ CAPES, with large storm JACKETS, made as <-le-
JgffiTrpT -£' iW-W'i'f\FK*&- I'jllar «nJ Ti:ie Matin lin- trantly as any sealskin;
' JSeSfiD $j£Lv$tML.KS£&2L lnps; 1C inches. $13.00; lance stcrtn collar an-1
* 1S Inches. $14.50; 20 Wr reveres. Special
' £^£?Siai&W&iiij»£R inches. $1U.OO. price.... ffOA fkfk
' CHINA SEAL FUR U «" U
r* J JCT^jrapIplrTVl CAPES. with jenulne __ , ,
P*3 JSlSS^fiJI ASTRAKAN FUR /""» 1 *- wl . th lar «*
tsS^'^filsrv tall YOKES and high storm « orra ™ llar 2 nd r , e , ve v res
tW r^\y^m. pillars; nnAFatln linings; °\- T ? eT l. ul 1 V e *? ne , Ml £,! c
i/1 \ *2*l "<"' Inches. 81O.OO: IS £1 R. full value for $65.
T3 / \ fsSS inch*-.. *1S.5O: 20 inches. Pp-cfal for^ the HoM-
: t / Ssi^ *ir..«M>. *»r* ¦¦¦¦ $50.00
) I *S THE NEW EL-EfTRIC
} 'iT SEAL FUR STORM COL- REAL OPOSSUM
I I yJ ' LAHS of DYED MINK. FTONE MARTEN FUR
• 1 WT with tf.ils; can be worn NECK SC A RF. . with
; ' \ l\ over <3ress or coat; satin, head aad 5 tails: worth
\ S $5.00 Sa?....^ $2,25.
CHTNA EBAX, AXD BROWN FOX HORSESHOB NECK SCARF OF
FUR COLLARETTES co!- C*> rT.f\ REAL, OPOSSUM STON'E MARTEN
cred Bilk lined. Brx^cial «?> OtUll FUR. with head and 8 tails: CO ££fk
worth $5 00. Special «LjJ**»CFVf
t-t^^At t^LJ^* 15 BLACK BjgAJa BLACK FOX NECK SCARF, with 6
7 LL ARETTES, col- C4 HO 'are* tails; worth $5 00. QA CZ.(l
ored *ilk lln«Ml. Special O" •" " Sj*«cial «j>T-«tJvF
FINE ASTRAKAN AND KLECTRIC GENUINE MINK FUR HORSESHOB
j FVR COLLARETTES, col- CT A NECK SCARF, with 6 targe «£-T K (\
I ored 6££ln lined. Special... O * •OVf tails; worth $10 00. Special.. t+> I «tF V
i . _____———
¦ T/p y f v/ £¦ f IPRpCJ Cloak and Suit House,
; iYIULiL*! <y LICDCO 120 Kearny St., A light business -was recorded on the morn
ing . session of :. the Bond Exchange and prices
stoo J about ax before. ',-.;'\ .. .; - -J
In the afternoon Gas end Electric sold down
tO $46. ¦-:. ;: .' ; ¦ . ¦ •' ¦ ¦ ¦ • '.¦"•, - _~ ! - ,. ¦
• There was a heavy -business on the Oil Kx
change,: with, advanced prices for Petroleum
Center and Hanford-Fresno-Kern niver.
'*The following telegraphic instructions cover
ing.' payment of ' coupons ¦' were received by
Julius Jacobs, Assistant United States . Treas-
THE STOCK MARKET.
REAIj ESTA/TE TKAireAOTIONS.
Bertha Bchmld ¦ to Henry E. Bothln, lot on
E line of", Van Ness avenue, 27:8 S of Pacific
avenue. S 25 by.E 100; $10.
Therese M. Wray to Samuel Wray. lot on
N line of Filbert street, «2;6 W of Octavla. W
25 by N 100; gift.
F. E.- and Edee H.'' Nelson tto Julia Couchot
(wife : of George J.), lot on S line of Green
street. 223 E of Laguna. E M by 8 137:6; $10.
Mary J. Rampe, Rebecca 8. Morrison and
NEW YORK. Dec 10.— Th« local market for
metals on the whole was a small one. Trading
was of a hand-to-mouth character, "with the
general undertone - rather easy. Lake ooDner
was dull and unchanged.. Tin, though exhihtt
ins a firm undertone, ruled dull and was norni
nally quoted at the , close at $27 40^23 whiil
the Lopdon market reported a rise of' £1 k«
closing at £122 and flrm in tone. • Spelter ruwi
quiet and about rteady at old prices in SDlte
of a loss of 2s 6d to £18 13s abroad. Lead dull
closing at $4 37>£. Iron in England touched the
lowest basis since April. 1899. scoring another
lore of 3s 6d at Glasgow to 60s. and Is id at
Middlesboro to &5s 6d. ..Domestic Iron markets
however, remain extremely quiet, without any
material change, except a loss «f 25 points in
Bessemer pigiron at Pittsburg. PIgiron war-
New- York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, Dec. 10.— It has been many
months since fluctuations on the New York
Cotton Exchange have reached 50 points and
since speculation has equaled that recorded
to-day. From opening to closing the session
was one of great interest. The market opened
peaceably enough, with prices 3 points higher
to 5 points lower and easier In tone. A pause
lor bearings and then a drop of some 10 to 12
points occurred under room and outside sell
ing, precipitated by surprisingly large receipts
and gloomy Knglish market new*. Then came
a sharp reaction, which carried prlcea up with
a rush 14 to 17 points on fresh rumors that
the bureau report was cut through a leak and
was strongly bullish. 8 The close of the first
hour saw the market decidedly , steady and a
shade above Saturday's closing figures. For
the next half-hour unimportant variations oc
curred and buslne*s became quite sluggish. A
scamper for safer ground resulted in feverish
trading and an erratic movement in values,
though at 12 o'clock prices were nearly even
u ith the closing of Saturday. . The bureau
report came over the | wire promptly and esti
mated the present crop at 10,100,000 bales. from
an acreage of 25,034,734. Terrific selling Im
mediately *et in and amid unprecedented ex
citement prices fell vertically 40 to 60 points
there being individual declines of 5 to 20 points
at a time before the crush was over. Stop
lc«» orders added to the confusion. The enor
mous profits within *.ary reach tempted shorts,
to cover and soon a rally was in progress
which steadied the market 12 to 15 points For
the rest of the day the market was lrregulir
and subject to violent fluctuations and spa* ma
of buying and selling. At the close the mar
ket was steady, with prices 27 to 33 points
lower.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Dec. • Feb. Mar.
Opening 5.11H .... 6 }t
Closing 5 11^ .... 6 H
Wheat — Dec. Mar.-June.
Opening 20 30 21 f.5
Closing 20 30 2160
Flour-
Opening 28 10 27 65
Closing '. 26 20 27 70
New York Cotton Market.
MONDAT. Dec 10-4 p . no.
Bid.Ask. Bid A ,v
Alpha ..;....... 02 03 Justice ra 0«
Alta 05 06 KentucJt -! 3
Andes 08 10 Lady Wish — 03
Belcher IS 17!Mexican m 21
Best & Belcher. 28 23 1 Occidental 04 «
Bullion :. 02 03|Ophlr '. 69 70
Caledonia ..."... 33 36:Overman .... M 11 11
Chollar 15 lJlPotosl 13 14
Challenge Con.. 21 22 Savage os <H
Confidence .57 60iScorplon .. 04
Con Cal &Va..l 40 1 43 iSegr Belcher 02 04
Con Imperial... — 01 Stern Nevada. 29 311
Con New York. 01 —{Silver Hill 50 51
Eureka Con.... — SS.St' Louis 10 —
Crown Point... 11 \Z Standard 3 00 3 20
Exchequer — 02 Syndicate — 14
Gould & Curry. 63 54j Union Con a 24
Hale & Norcrs. 20 21 Utah 08 07
Julia....; — 03 1 Yellow Jacket.. 23 24
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
600 Belcher 17 300 Overman 11
IOO Best & Belcher. 30 200 Sierra Nevada. 30
150 Challenge Con.. 22 200 Sierra Nevada SI
650 Con Cal & V...1 45 300 Sliver Hill... 51
200 Con Cal & V.I 4"24 200 Union Con.... ' 25
COO Justice 03 600 Union Con ix
200 Ophlr :. 69 "• **
Foreign Futures.
NEW TORK. Dec. 10.— The effect of the
doubtful outlook in the money market was
clear to-day in the «mall volume of business
la ftocks. The money market showed no sign
of Ftrinjrency and no liquidation was precip
itated. In fact th«> buj ins overbore the selling
and there are more net rains than looses as
a rt«ult of the day's <>j*rations. ¦ The buying
F^m^d to come from uncovered shorts. Judg
ing from the fact that those stocks which
have sufff-rfd most from recent depredation
were In foremost demand to-day. This was
notably trup of the steel grqup, led by Ten
nessee Coal, and in which all the steel *tock»
l<art!rlpate<l. exoept SHe^l and Wire, which was
under pr<s»ur«». The strength of Sucar was
ettriliutod tn reports of an oversold condition
in the trade Indicated in an advance in the
telling priw of refined sugar* by the independ
ent r^fir.ern. Th* m-)v«.jr;ent in the railroad
lift «n<i oth*r industrials irac <5u«> to th<» de
mand from i>rorp*5ionHl shorts, but was much
narrower. Th? rat* for call raon*y was ad
\anred to :. j*>r cent and ruled from that to
?i fv>r cenr. There was no sign of 6trlnKen<y
and renewal* »*>re easily effTted, but all
brokfr* h«»ld stiffly for the a'lvancwi rat<». The
opinion »af he!<i in Wall street that- no relief
«w to t«> looked for by gold imports, but
the declin* in foreign bills to-day aroused re
newed conj*otur*> on that point. pc*ted rates
for *t«rlinj? l**ir.g marked down a full cent In
th» pound. b '
Thf bon<l market was im»KUlar. Total sale*,
par valuo. S3.«30.fiO0.
I'nlted Stat<» refunding 2*. and old 4s de
clined '» an*! iw-w 4s advanced >i per cent on
the last rail.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Fhares Closing
Pold. Stocke- Bid.
16.7frt A'.chison S8^i
~.ino At<-hison prffd &»"»
S.100 Fla!tim<:rt- & Ohio 7»*i
<'ana<11an Pacific Si l .»
200 Canada Southern te%
fi.iTO Che«ai.rake & Ohio '.... 37V«
5fi*i Chiraajo Great Western J4ii
4.30^ Chio«jro Burlinjrton & Quincy lte'i
100 CTilea«o In-1 «; Louisville 23
p Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd afi
100 Chicago & Eastern Illinois 87«i
T."0 Chirago & Northwestern 167
2.70ft Chicago Hook Inland & Pacific 113*i
500 C C C & St I^ouis 66L,
300 Colorado Southern 7'
100 Colorado Pouth^rn 1st prpfd 424
Colorado Southern 24 prefd 17
100 Delaware & Hudson 115%
- Delaware U.k»»aim» t Western. .182'i
1.400 Denver & Bio Grande 25"^
1,300 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 7S T 4
34.800 Erie «u
22,700 Erie ] B t prefd 45^
r,09 Great Northern prefd 180
Horktnjr Coa4 15
Horking Valley 23
1,400 UUnoi* Central 1244
200 Iowa Central 13^
Iowa Central prefd +41^
100 Lake Erie & Weetern 85V,
200 Lake Krie & Western prefd 105
l^ekr Shoie 211
3.W0 I^uisvlHe & Xashiille g2^
7.300 Manhattan L 10S»i
3.100 Metropolitan Street Railway 16S«4
1.000 Mexican Central Iji;
300 Minn & St Louis : 641^
Minn & St Louis prefd 5914
4.619 Missouri Pacific 69^
10) Mobile & Ohio : 40»4
ino Missouri Kannu & Texas 13^
1.000 Missouri Kansas & Texa« prefd 37%;
l.ono New Jersey Central I444
3 100 New York Central MH
270C Norfolk & Western <1«4
100 Norfolk & Western prefd M
9,600 Northern Padflc 70
a.OOrt Xorthern Padflc prefd..: 82U
4,200 Ontario & Western • IS'.i
Oregon Railway & N'av 41
Oreffo.1 Railway & Nax' prefd 76
11.700 Pennsylvania 142 ;
S.300 Reading -*- • *> l 4
75.700 Reading: let preffl ~ 6«H
1,200 Reafilng 2d prrfd *2T;
Rio Grande Western C«
Rio Grande Western prefd,. ..t BS
New York Stock Market.
STOCK. Bid. Asked.
American Fuel & Oil Co — 30
California-Standard — S9
Caribou 60 63
Four • *8 —
Hanford 116 00 —
Hanford-Fresno-Kern River ... 40 43
Home Oil 4 40 4 SO
Kern — • * 60 10 ©0
Kern River 13 00 19 00
Lion Oil Co 30 ¦••>. — £.;
Monarch of Arizona 40 41
McKittrick Oil — 45
Occidental of VT Va....' 70 72
Oil City Petroleum 30 00 3100
Petroleum Center » 21 —
Reed Crude — 48
San Francisco & McKittrick... 1 00 —
San Joaquin O & D Co — » 25
Shamrock — 125
Sterling O & D Co — 2 60
Twenty-Eight — 2 45
Wcstshore 8 25 3*0
Yukon 53 80
"Wolverine* 145 170
MINING STOCKS. ~
Following were the sales in the San Francisco
Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
S00 Belcher 17 100 Ophlr « 73
600 Best & Belcher. 30 ZOO Savage 09
100 Caledonia 37 600 Sierra Nevada. 34
600 Chollar 17 600 Union Con 24
100O Con Cal & Va..l 60 ICO Union Con 2«
10O Gould & Curry. 65 200 Utah 08
1200 Mexican 22 300 Yellow Jacket. U
Afternoon Session.
800 Best & Belcher. 30 600 Savage o»
200 Caledonia 35 100 Sierra Nevada, n
200 Challenge 22 100 Sierra Nevada. 30
450 Con Cal & Va..l 45 2C0 Silver Hill 60
10O Gould & Curry. 55 300 Union Oon 21
IOO Ophlr 60 100 Yellow Jacket.. 23
800 Ophir 70
Following were the sales In th« Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
800 Belc"her* 16 300 Crown Point... 13
1500 Best & Belcher. 30 IPO Gould & Curry. 53
600 B«8t & Belcher. 31 160 Gould & Curry. 54
S00 Best & Belcher. 29 17(0 Mexican ; 23
400 Chollar 18 600 Mexican 21
100 Con Cal & V.I 374 500 Ophlr 70
300 Con Cal & V...1 40 300 Ophlr 71
600 Con Cal & V.I 424 100 Ophlr n
600 Con Cal & V...1 45 800 Potost U
1200 Con Cal & V...1 M 600 S4erra Nevada. S3
500 Con Cal & V...1 53 300 Yellow Jacket.. 24
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, quiet,
steady; No. 3 spring wheat, 66%c: No. 2 red.
71li@"4c: Xo. 2 corn. 36%c; No. 2 yellow. S6%c:
No. 2 oats. 224c; No. 2 white, 28@264c; No. 3
white, 244g26c; No. 2 rye, 50c; fair to choice
malting barley. oG@37c: No. 1 flaxseed, $1 69;
No. 1 Northwestern, $1 60; prime timothy seed,
J4 40: mess pork, per barrel, $11 50@ll 624: lard,
per 100 lbs, »7 17V4@7 20; short ribs Hides Uoose),
$6 25igfi 624; dry salted shoulders (boxed), 6T4®
€Hc: short clear sides (boxed), fG 70Q6 80; whis
ky, basis of high wines, $1 27; clover, contract
grade, $10010 25.
Article*— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 16,000 15,000
Wheat, bushels 119,000 19,000
Corn, bushels 199,000 119.000
Oats, bushels 233,000 201,000
Rye. bushels 2.000 .
Barley, bushels 45,000 6,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was dull; creamery, 15@244o; dairy, 13
<&2t)c Cheese, steady; 10U@llc. Eggs, quiet;
26c.
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. %~
December "0 "OH %i% 63"*
January 7<H4 70% 70% 70»»
May 73^4 73H 72^ It
Corn No. 2 —
December 36^4 86"i 36 36%
January 35% 354 35 Z r M
May 36H 36V 4 35% 36
Oats No. 2—
December 2Hi 21H 21>4 21%
May 23«i 23% 23% 23%
Mess Pork, per bbl—
Januarj- 12 324 12 40 12 25 12 25
May 12 12H 12 20 12 10 13 12>4
Lard, ?er 100 lbs—
December 7 15 7 20 7 16 7 20
January 6 90 6 9'H 6 90 6 924
May 6S74 7 024 6 974 6 974
Short Ribs, per ICO lbs—
January 6 35 6 374 6 324 6 824
May 6 40 6 43 6 40 6 40
A email disturbance has developed on the
eaetern flojw of the Sierra*, and light rain ha*
fallen at lnd«>r>enden<-e and Carson City. Thi*
disturbance will probably move southeastward
over the Death Valley region and the Valley
cf tte Colorado.
Frrecaft ir.ade at San Francisco for thirty
f>oure ending midnight. December 11:
Northern California — Cloudy unsettled weather
Tuetday, v.ltb conditions becoming more favor
able for rain along the northern coast; fog in
the valleys; light southerly wind.
Southern cal'.fom'.a— Cloudy Tuesday; light
westerly wind; thowere tn southeastern por
tion.
For Nevada — Fair Tuesday.
Utah— Cloudy Tuesday.
Arizona— Cloudy Tuesday; probable ligtt
/howen in the mountain*.
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy unsettled
w»ather Tuesday : poseibly rain at night; light
northerly changir^: to southeasterly winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
fcr>; rr.lr.imum. 44; mean. 47.
"WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FOR VA "APT.
The pressure has risen slowly over the
Facifle elox>». An area of high pressure over
lies th* western half at the country, and Is
apparently moving slowly eastward.
Th<? temr>eratur«» has remained nearly Fta
tionair over the entire country west of the
Rnrky Mountains. In the great valleye the
temperatures ere nearly 10 degrees below the
normal Tul^ toe is reported in the Pacra
mento and San Joaquin valleys. -
.-POULTRY— Live Turkeys. .; ll©l24e' for Gob
blers and 1K512HC for Hens; Dressed Turkeys
16S17c ; Geese, per pair. II 75©2 ; Goslings, $1 75
©2; Ducks, $3@4 for old and $4@5 50 for young;
Hens, $3®4 50; Young Roosters, . J4®4 2S; Old
. Five cars of Eastern: Poultry -came In and
sales were made at 13c for Turkeys I4Q-R f nr
Ducks, $2®2 50 for, Geese,- $3 6094 for Hens tZ
i 60 for young Roosters, $3 50 for old Roosters
and Fryers, $3 50@4 for Broilers, tlfor Pigeons
and $2 50 for Squabs. '. pigeons
Game went off briskly at; good prices for
Monday.
Poultry and Game.
VEGETABLES — Green Peas,-. 8@5c per ' lb-
String Beans, 2@Sc; Llmas, nominal; Cabbage,
90c; Tomatoes, 65c<f$l 25 for Los Angeles; Egg
Plant, Los Angeles, 6@8c per lb; Green Pep
pers ¦ from Los Angeles, 3@8c per lb; Dried
Peppers, , 9@llc : Carrots, . 25(S?35c per box ; Cu
cumbers, 75c; Summer, Squash. 75c(iJ$l; Garlic,
4@5c per lb;: Marrowfat Squash, $15 per ton'
Mushrooms, 5@12>ic per lb. •
POTATOES— River Reds. 75@8Sc: Burbanks,
35©50c for River, and 90c@$I 10 per ctl for Sa
linas and 65c@$l for Oregon; Sweets, 35@75c
for River and S5@90c forHlerced.
ONIONS— $1 60S 1 75 per ctl; Cut Onions, $10
1 25 per ctl. ¦
Over 10,000 aks Potatoes ' came In, and tjje
market continued easy. Sweet Potatoes were
higher and Onions firm.
Green Peas from • Los Angeles continued ¦ in
good supply and quiet.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
SEEDB — Brown .Mustard,- nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, $2 50@2 75; Canary,'
3%c per lb for California and 4c for, Eastern;
Alfalfa, 7H69%c; Rape, 2%@3c: Hemp, 4@4%c;
Timothy. 4@4V>c. ¦ ¦ '¦
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 75®2 25; Green, $2 75
@3 per ctl ; Blackeye. $1 75©2 25. : \ i
BEANS— Bayos, $2 65@2 75; Small White.
M20@4 30; Large White. $3 20@3 30; Pink, S2@
2 15; Red. $3@3 25; Blackeye, $3; LImas, $5 35;
Pea. $404 25; Red Kidney, $3 76@4 per Ctl,
White Beans continue very firm at Saturday**
advance. The other, kinds are unchanged.''; .:
Beans and Seeds.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $16@17 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $25@28; jobbing,
$26 50; Cocoanut Cake. $17018; Corn Meal, $I6@
26 50; Cracked Corn. $26 50® 27; Mixed Feed, $15
©16. .
HAY — Volunteer, JBJJS: Wheat. $11©13 50;
Wheat and Oat, $10012 60; Oat, $9@12; Clover,
nominal; Alfalfa, $8® 9 50 1 Barley, $7 5029 50
per ton.
STRAW— 35@47%c per bale.
MIDDLlNGS-^-Sie 50&19 50 per ton.
Hay was steady in spite of liberal recelpta.
There was no change in Feedstuffs.
BRAN— $14 50@lJ 50 per ton.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 35®
S 60, usual* terms; Bakers' Extras, \l 15©3 25;
Oregon, |2 75©2 85 per barrel for family and
$3 75@3 for bakers' ; Washington, bakers',
$2 75*/!.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows usual discount to > the trade: Graham
Flour, 13 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75; Rye
Meal $2 50; Bice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, S2 75
«xtra cream do. $3 60; Oat Groats, $4 50; Hom
iny, $3 60©3 75; Buckwheat Flour, J4iQ4 25;
Cracked Wheat, $3 60; Farina, U 50: Whole
Wheat Flour, $3 25: Rolled Oats (barrels), $6ffl
7 25; In sacks, $5 75@7; Pearl Barley. tS; Split
Peas, $5; Green Peas, $5 60 per 100. lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
OATS— Red, for seed, have again , advanced,
and are very scarce and firm. The other de
scriptions are unchanged. White, $1 30@l 60;
Surprise, nominal; Red, fl 25@1 40 for feed and
$1 3oQl 45 for seed; Gray, nominal; Black, for
feed, $1 lOffl 20; for seed, $1 20@l 30 per ctl.
CORN— Yellow is quoted higher, the other
kinds standing as before. California Yellow,
$1 15-5-1 20; California White, $1 12%@1 15; East
ern Yellow. U lolg-l 20; White. $1 12%@1 15;
Eastern mixed, $1 12%@1 15 per ctl.
RYE-S$G?0o per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 75©2 per ctl.
Regular Morning Session — May — 1000 ctls,
$1 04%; 22,000, »1 04; 2000, $103%; 26,000, $103%.
December (1901)— 2000, $1 09%; 2000, $1 08%; 16,000,
$103.
Afternoon Session— May— 6000 ctls. $1 03%.
BARLEY— Previous prices rule, though the
market is not as firm as it has been.
Feed, 77%c for choice bright. Too for No. 1
and 67%@72%c for off grades; Brewing and
Shipping grades, 80@S5c; Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal 6esslon— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— May— 2000 ctls,
73%c.
'Afternoon Session— May— 2000 ctls, 73%c.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— May— 6000 ctls,
$1 04%; 6000, SI 04.
Second Session— May— 4000 ctls, » 04%,
CALL BOARD SALES.
The world's shipments for the week in quar
ters were bjb follows: Russian, 153,000; Danu
blan, 105.000; Argentine, 39,000; Australian.
25,000.
The local market showed no change beyond a
decline in futures.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 97%c; Milling, 1 02%
1 C5 per ctl.
The American visible supply decreased 685.000
bushels. The English visible supply decreased
4S6.O0O bushels, against an increase of 250,000
bushels for the same week last year.
At Chicago the trade were free sellers and
there was considerable liquidation. Minne
apolis reported fair Flour sales. In spite of the
decline in Wheat. The elevator men reported
farmers' deliveries falling off. St. Louis wired
that British and Continental bids were %c
lower. •
WHEAT— The markets everywhere were
heavy and not materially changed.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days........ — 4 83%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 S6%
Sterling Cables — . 4 87%
New York Exchange, sight — J$£
New York Exchange, telegraphic — s
Fine Silver, per ounce — 64%
Mexican Dollars, nominal 50% 0 Si
Exchange and Bullion.
Provisions were fairly active and strong
early on light hog receipts and an outside de
mand for pork and ribs. This demand, how
ever, was soon Ratlstieil and prices eased oft
some, but held part of the advance b«caupe of
light offerings. January pork closed lOo higher,
lard 5c higher and ribs a shade up.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
The oats market was flat, furnishing only a
few scalping operations. May closed %c down
at 23%c.
Corn was moderately active and generally
weak, declining early and showing but little
tendency toward recovery. May closed %c
lower at 36c. December closed %c lower at
36%c. t
CHICAGO, Dec. 10.— Wheat was a moderately
active market. Speculators were swayed by
contiictlne emotions and in consequenoe prices
cut a somewhat irregrular path. May, in which
the best trade now centers, opened %c under
Saturday at 73%©73c, and during the first half
hour declined to 72%c. The crowd was in a
majority of cases short, but not worrying about
it, although Liverpool showed great steadiness
in the face of Saturday's slump here. World's
shipments last week were 6,024,000 bushels,
about what had been expected. The amount on
passage decreased 256,000 bushels. The bear
ishness, however, was due largely to the ex
pectation that the visible supply would show,
no particular decrease and possibly an in
crease to liberal Northwest reports and to the
leek of outside support, which has depressed
prices here recently. Later in the day when
it was shown that the visible had decreased
655,000 bushels, the previous confidant shorts be
gran covering and May was bid up sharply to
73iic. On the bulge longs sought to secure
profits, but on lack of outside support prices
sagged. May closing barely steady. %@%c lower
at 73c.
The fellow inr are the eeascnal rainfalls to
late, as compared with thop* of the same date
!s«t »»>a»on. and rainfalls in the luet twer.ty
four hours:
SAN FRANCISCO, Dec. 10-5 ?. m.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
IV cat her Report.
"Fecan cut meats are very Bcarce and
higher. Ffw haJ\-es or juecee were to be found
"n the fpot yesterday, and holders of halves
asked 45c. Last sale reported wa« 40c. Pieces
are worth about 30c. Considerable business is
eaid to have been done during the day in
pecan nuts to arrive. Grenoble walnuts are
warier: toir.e are offered at lie. Marbot are
practically out of the market, while French
are well cleaned up."
Mall aflT-ire» from X*"w York nay: "Trade la
ef moderate proportion* only. Raisins, es
pecially <"'a! < .foraia layers, are badly de
moralized, and to-<5ay'$ auction sale is ex
pected to establish k'w prices. Yesterday it
wcruld hav* been har«i to sell layers at any
figure. :n view of th? probable prices that will
be realized to-<iay. Ourrants are easy, but de
mand continue* quite p.od. though orders are
mostly for small lots. Datns are firm and
pp°t supplies are nearly exhausted. Evap
orated epp!«"S are quiet and about steady.
Waste Is firmer. Pai<" cf a car to arrive was
reported at l.S>c.
Nuts and Raisins in Nezv York.
LONDON. Dec. 10.— Atchinon. s S»% ; Canadian
Pacific, 88 1 4: Union Pacific - preferred. S3W-
Northern Pacific 'preferred. -84%; Grand Trunk'
6%; Anaconda, »H: bar illver steady, » a-ied
C«r ounce: tnone*> V21V. Der cent.
CLOSING
The market here was painfully quiet to-day,
the impending settlement and the holiday lassi
tude of Christmas being anticipated. Even In
the- American department, which haa been so
active recently, excitement Is wanting. Dull
r.e*s hardly varied at all, except in the pre
ferred shares of Erie, which was In demand.
NEW TORK. D<?c. 10.— The Commercial Ad
%-ertiser's London financial cablegram says: '
London Market,
WASHINGTON. D*c. 10.— To-day's statement
cf the Treasury balances in the general fund,
excluBK-e of the $lM>.000.0n0 gold reserve in the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance. 1 140.022.653; gold. r/7.?21,54S.
Condition of the Treasury,
NEW YORK. D*c. 10. — Money on call, firm,
at 4',i<J6 per cent; last loan, 4% per cent; prime
mercantile paper, 4%§5 per cent. Sterling ex
change, weak, with actual business in bankers'
bills at }4 MS for demand and U 60%@4 SI for
etxty days; i>o»ted rates, $4 M»ifi4 S2 and $4 85%
04 «: commercial bills, *4 S0Vi@4 81. Silver
certlflcates. 64©65c; bar silver, 64>$c; Mexican
dollars, 50%c. Government bonds, irregular;
State bonde, strong; railroad bonds, Irregular.
New. York Money Market.
Do adj 4s SS>4:S L & I M con 5s. 113
Canada Sou 2ds...lOS%iS L & S F gen 6s. 139
Ches & Ohio 4iis..lO3«i!St Paul con 176
Do 5s 120% St P C & P lsU..120Vi
C & N con 7s 139% Do 5s 122
C & N S F deb 5S..121S Southern Pac 4a... 82
Chic Term 4s 93H ! Southern Ry 5s... 113 ¦
Colorado Sou 4s... 83H| Stand R & T 6s... 70
D & R G 4s 101%iTei & Pac lsts. ...114
Erie Gen 4s glvt! Do Ms 77
F W & D C lsts.. 7SH ; Union Pac 4s: 107W
General Elec 56 141 | Wabash lsts 116%
Iowa Central lsts. 115%! Do 2ds 106
L & N Uni (s 100% West Shore 4s US
M K & T 2de 71%|Wis Cent lsts 87
Do 4s 93 iVa Centuries 94»i
MINING STOCKS.
Brunswick HlOntario 6 00
Chollar 12;Oj>hir .:... 63
Crown Point OSvPlymouth 08
Con Cal & Va 1 25; Quicksilver 1 23
D»-adwood 54! Do prefd 7 00
Gould St Curry 43! Sierra Nevada 23
Hale & Norcroes.. l&'Standard 2 90
Homestake €0 OOiUnion Con 20
Iron Silver 80, Yellow Jacket 19
Mexican 17J
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Union Pacific 70T4
Call loans 4@4 1 * r Union Land 2 1 *
Time loans 4HS5^ West End !)3
Stocks— \\>xtgh Elec 53«i
Atch Top & S F.. 3S«.; Bonds—
Do prefd S3 Atchison 4s 101%
Amer Sugar 124% N E G & Coke os.. 66
Do prffd 114Vi Mining Shares—
B*-I1 Tele 154 Adventure 6
Boston & AU>anx--2439i Allouez Mng Co... 3'i
Boston Elevated ..155 Amal Copper 91%
Boston &. Maine. ..156 Atlantic 26
Chi Bur & Q 135% Boston & Mont.. ..325
Dominion Cor.l ... SS'ijButte & Boston.... 79
Do prefd 112^ Calum.i & Hecla..R10
F«wier»l Fteel 52*«!Cent«'nnjal 15*i
Do prefd 76% Franklin 15
Fitchburg prefd... 138 Humboldt 23
General ElfC 170>± Osceola 71%
Do prefd 145 Parrot 47%
E<1 Klec II! 217 Quincy 174
Mexican Ont 13U Panta Fe Copper.. 6
Mich Tele 85 Tamarack 2S3
X E Gas & Coke.. 12 Utah Mining 33%
Old Colony : 201% Winona 3%
Old Dominion".... 27 Wolverines 45%
Rubber 25%
U S 2s ref reg 104% N Y Cent lsts 109
V .S 2s coup 104\ N J Cent gen 5s. .127^
U S 3s reg..- 109'i Northern Pac 3s... 70H
U S 3s coup 109»i Northern Pac 4s. ..105^
U S new 4s reg...i:S N Y C & St L 4s.. 107^4
U 8 new 4s coup..l3S N & W con 4s 99V4
r. 6 old 4s reg...-114Vi Or Nav lsts Ill
U S old 4s coup...H5»ii Do 4s 102*;
U S 5s reg 112% Or Short Line 6s..l27H
U S 5s coup 112% Do con 5f 117%
Dls of Col 3.65s. ..124V2!R<>ading Gen 4s.... 91%
Atchison gen «S.T.102% R G W lsts 100
CLOSING BONDS.
700 St Louis & San Fran 19%
St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 75'.-»
700 gt Louis & San Fran 3d prefd 49
St Louis Southwestern 16
5rtt St Louis Southwestern prefd 37%
6,000 St Paul 126%
13,830 St Paul prefd 177ij
St Taul & Omaha 120
Southern Pacific 41U
l.OOO Southern Railway 17*i
200 Southern Railway prefd 66^i
3.600 Texas & Pacific SOU
1.700 Union Pacific 71
11.SO0 fnlon Pacific prefd SUi
4,400 Wabash 8%
500 Wabash prefd 21%
1,600 Wheeling & Lake Erie 10'^ ;
333 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd 27
600 Wisconsin Central 12
2.000 Third Avenue 116 i
1.C00 Baltimore & Ohio prefd S4%i
S,4(X» National Tube 604
200 National Tube prefd 103*i
Express Companies —
Adams 140 ¦
3t*> American 162
United States ." 60
Wells-Fan;o 1S2 i
Miscellaneous —
100 American Cotton Oil 30V4 !
American Cotton Oil prefd 90
American Malting- 4*i
300 American Malting prefd 2J a -i
14.100 American Smelting & Refng....;.... 55
1,000 American Smelting & Refng prefd.. 97
American Spirits- !
- American Spirits prefd 17
4,100 American Steel Hoop 29%
200 American Steel Hoop prefd 76
lf.lCO American Steel & Wire 41%
f30 American Steel & Wire prefd 85
12.000 American Tin Plate 45>i
900 American Tin Plate prefd $7%i
1,700 American Tobacco 106^*
American Tobacco prefd 130
1.000 Anaconda Mining Co 47*»
:;. *¦•<*> Brooklyn Rapid Transit "l^i
T.rOO Colorado Fuel A Iron ,. 5174
3.KW Continental Totiacco v 33^
3.10O Continental Tobacco prefd 69V4
7.700 Federal Pteel 52^
3.100 Federal Steel prefd 77
1.SO0 General Electric 170
Glucose Sugar 53
Glucose Sugar prefd 100
100 International Paper 22H
100 International Paper prefd 72'i
Larlede Gas 70
2*0 National Biscuit ; 37
National Biscuit prefd 91
100 National Lead , 1SU
National Lead profd 92»,i
4,100 National Steel 36Vi
National Steel prefd 93
New York Air Brake 164
4W North American «... 1?%
V*> Pacific Coast 58
Pacific Coast 1st prefd $5
100 Pacific Coast 2d prefd 66
2.4rm Pacific Mail 44*i
11.000 People's Gas 9S»i
1,600 Pressed Ste*>l Car 49U
ion Pressed Steel Car prefd 83*5
300 Pullman Palace Car 200
Standard Rope & Twine 6
23,700 Sugar 124%
Sugar prefd 114*4
21.100 Tennessee Coal Sc, Iron 61%
2,100 United States Leather 12 7 4
600 United States Leather prefd 74%
6.100 United States Rubber 25%
l.OOO Vnited States Rubber prefd 78
Western Union S2
1.S00 Republic Iron & Steel 18&
1.000 Republic Iron & Steel prefd 65
P C C & St Louis 57%
6.900 Amalgamated Copper 91 T i
547,200 Shares sold.
Elliabetb M. Hbrabin (all nee Woebke). Henry
J. Rampe. James R. Morrison. Henry J. and
Mamie A. Woebka and William Horabln to
John ITcKenna. lot on W line of Webster street.
81:8 8 of Fulton. S 23 by W 82:«; |10.
Jacob Schlosser to James Tyson, lot on N
line of Green street, SO W of Scott. W 4S:« by
N 107:6; HO.
Clinton and Sarah VT. Jones to Wlnflald S. )
Davis, lot on W line of DeTisadero •tre«t. M
66:3% N of Pacific. avena». N 66:314 by "W 13T:«.^
$10.
T. B. and Annie E. Draper to Katherlne
McDonald, lot on E line of Tremont avenue,
823:8 S of Frederlok street. 8 23:6 by E 80; $10.
California Tltla Insurance and Trust Com
pany to Thomas Quigrley. lot on 8 Una of Thir
teenth street. 125.02 W of Treat avenue, W
25.004. 6 117.045. E 25.10. N 114.354; $1400.
Commercial Building and Loan Association
to Charles M. and Matilda Welshons. lot on
8 Hno of Cumberland street. 205 W of Church.
W E0 by S 114: J1400.
James J. and Rose Ann Kelly to Maria Evars
(wife of Victor), lot on W line of Florida street,
156 N of Twenty- third. N 26 by W 100; $19.
Cftrfstian and Louis© Holtuin to Henry Simon,
lot on N line of Twenty-third street. 330 N of
Noe. W S3 by N 114; J10.
Votja Maatny to Joseph E. Dlnter. lot on S
Una of Twenty-sixth street (Navy), 204:7 E cf.
Diamond, 8 tU by E SO; $L
Theresa M. Wray to Samnei Wray. lot on S
line of Pacific street, lfto W of Jones. W a by
S 127:6 quitclaim deed: $10.
Morris Mtyerfeld Jr. to Kannl* A. MeyeTfeld.
lot on BTfr "na of Fourth street. 55 NW of
Folcom, NW 25 by SW 80; grift.
William F. Eldracher to Charlea J. EJdracher.
NB oorner ot Seventh and Natoma. streets.
NE 73 by NW 73. rsconTeyance of deed recorded
December 4, 1900; $10.
Josephine Desprea to John 3. Mehegan. lot
on NW line of Bruce place (Shipley street) 23
flW of Harrison avenue (Bruce place), SW 30
by NW 75: $10.
A steady demand for choice and fancy grades
prevailed during the clay in the market for
evaporated apples, but as offerings were quite
liberal the undertone was barely steady at
nominally unchanged prices. State common
was quoted at 4@5c; prime, 4%®5Uc; choice,
5te®Cc; fancy, G©7c. Culifornia dried fruits
were inactive and barely steady, but not quot
ably lower. Prunes were quoted from 3V4c to
8'ic per pound, as to elze and quality.
APKICOTS— Royal, ll«14c; Moorpark, 15@16c.
PEACHES— Peeled, 16Q2Oc; unpeeled, 6@9c
DRIED FRUITS,
WOOL— Quiet.
COFFEE— Spot Rio, barely steady; No. 7 in
voice, 7%c; mild, quiet; Cordova, 9Vs@13lic
Futures closed quiet tt net unchanged prices
to 5 points decline: total sales. ' 11.250 bags. In
cluding March. $6 15; May. $6 25@6 SO; July,
J6 30; August, $6 40.
FUGAR— Raw, firm, but quiet. Refined,
steady.
BUTTER— Re<-eipts, 2T17 packages; creamery.
l?g?6c; June creamery, lS@23V6o; factory, 12®
15Vac. ¦ ¦ • "
EGGS— Receipt^. G544 packages; steady; West
ern regular packing, at mark, 22@27c; Western,
loss off, 29c.
WHEAT— Receipts, 25,830; exports, 200,277;
Bales, 1.975.OCO bushels futurea, 66,000 bushels
spot. Spot, easy; No. 2 red, 78c f. o. b. afloat;
r°L 2 .T d - 7S ** C elevator; No. 1 Northern, Du
iutn. 84^c f. o. b. aflo:it; No. 1 hard Duluth.
fi>%c. r. a. b. afloat. Options displayed con
siderable weakness early in the day from liqui
dation prompted by lower cables and fair
world s shipments. Liberal Northwest receipts
and small seaboard cleru-ances and subsequent
unexpected decrease in the visible started a
sharp rally through covering which lasted most
of the afternoon, aided by rumors that spring
wheat arrivals would soon fall off, finally
yielding to local sales for long account and
closing easy at H@V4i net decline. January,
..@<<Hc, closing at 77c; March, 78 15-16@79Hc,
closed at 79c; May closed at 78%c; December,
"«H'576^c, closed at K%c.
HOPS— Steady.
* x.
.NEW YORK. Dec. lO.-FLOUR-Receipts, 14,-
K8 bbls: exports, 13,750 bbls: sales, 8750 pack
ages; market weak and 5@15c lower to sell,
without much demand at the decline.
Heavy receipts of Potatoes. Onions and Vegetables steady.
Eggs advance again under scarcity.
Butter iirm under lighter stocks.
Eastern and Western Clicese higher.
Five cars of Eastern Poultry in. Game sold off briskly.
Cold weather still checks the demand for Fruits.
Hams slightly higher. Other Proznsions unchanged.
Eastern Codfish advanced.
Meat market still firm, with light supplies.
Government anticipates January interest on bonds.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Exchange and Silver undisturbed.
Slight decline in Wheat futures. Barley quieter and less firm,
Oats rule strong, with a good demand for seed and feed.
Yellow Corn higher. No change in Rye.
Hay and Bran as previously quoted.
White Beans firm at tltc advance alreadv noted.
Morning Session.
Board—
1000 Cala-Standard ~ii 40
&00 Cala-?tandard 83
400 Four Oil Co 45
400 Hanford-Fresno-Kern River 37
600 Hanfonl-Fresno-Kern River S3
1100 Hanford-Fresno-Kern River S3
100 Occidental of W Va 70
75 Occidental of W Va ;.... 68
525 Petroleum Center 20
200 Petroleum Center, b 60 20
1000 Petroleum Center, b 30 20
1200 Petroleum Center 19
1000 Reed Crude Oil Co 48
15 San Joaquin Oil & Dev t 25
Afternoon Session.-
Board—
100 El Dorado 1H
100 Hanford-Fresno-Kern River 40
SOU Hanford-Fresno-Kern River 41
100 Home Oil 4 45
23 Kern Oil Co 10 00
300 Lion Oil Co 30
1000 Lion Oil Co. a 60 » 30
500 Lion Oil Co 31
BOO Monarch of Arizona 49
E Oil City Petroleum 80 00
2665 Petroleum Center 20
1500 Petroleum Center, b 30 22
1500 Petroleum Center ...» 21
225 Sterling O & D Co 3 UVi
100 Twenty-Eight , t 45
100 Twenty-Eight t 4)
500 Yukon _.. 35
.Street—
10 Oil City Petroleum — . SO 00
600 Monarch of Arizona 40
CLOSING QUOTATION&
. MONDAY, Dec. 10—2:30 p. m.
Afternoon Session.
Board—
5 Alaska Packers' Association 125 37<4
200 Equitable Gas 3 50
100 Equitable Gas 3 «'r4
5 Giant Powder Con 84 50
40 Honckaa S Co 31 50
70 Kilauea S P Co 2100
10 Pacific Gas Imp 47 75
100 S F Gas & Electric Co 46 (0
75 S F Gas & Electric Co, a 90 43 60
35 S F Gas & Electric Co 46 00
60 S F Gas & Electric Co. a 90 49 00
25 S F Gas & Electric Co. s 60..... 46 00
Street—
E California Fruit Canners' .~ 103 75
PRODUCERS' OH* EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
10 California Fruit Canners' 1M 75
100 Hutchinson S P Co 25 75
115 Kilauea S P Co 2100
25 Market Street Railway 70 50
100 Onomea Sugar Co ».. 3S 80
100 S F Gas & Electric Co 44 50
75 Spring Valley Water M 00
Street—
15 First National Bank JOO 00
I19.S00 Oakland Transit Co 6s ......119 60
MISCn..I.>VEOtS STOCKS.
Al Pack Assn. 125H123H[ Pao A F A... 2% —
Cal Fruit Asn.lO3H — Pao C Bor Co. — —
Mer Ex Assn.. &7 100 Par faint Co.. 12tf —
Oceanic S Co.. 104 106 |
,Bay Co P Co.104^4 — Oak Water 6r..lO4H —
Cal-st Cab 8s. 119 — Oceanic S3 5s.llO%lll
C C Water 6s.l03 — Urn C Jrty tSs...l2» i£i\i,
Ed L Sc P 63... 131 — Pac O Imp 4s. 101 —
¦ V & Cl Ry 6s. — — P & Cl Ry 6»..10« —
Geary-st R 5s. — ' — P & O R R 68.115^4 —
II C A a iVis.. — — Powell-Bt R 6s.ll3 —
Do 53 101% - Sac E G&R 5s. 99%100U
LA Ry 5s....llOVa — S F & SJV 5s. 119 120U
L A Lt Co 6s.. — 10S i> H oC CaJ 6a.. — IU
Do gntd 6s.. — — S P of A 6s. ..113 —
L A gntd Cs... — 102 s P C 6s (1905)
LA PR R 63.100 — (Series A).... 1C9U —
iuarket-8t 6s:.. 12831 — Do»Series B)110'i —
Do 1st M 53.121*4 — Do (1906) 112 H2H
N C N G R 7s. — 114 Do (M12) 121 —
N R of Cal 63.U4U — S P R 1st g 6S.107H —
Do 5s 119 — SPR(a UH4 —
NPCRR 6s.l01 — S V Water 8s.ll4«4 —
Do 5s 108 lOSVi Do 4s 103Vil04
« S al . f*y B3 --U0«. — Do M mtge.lOlfeloa
Oak O. L, & H.llO^i — Stktn Gas 6s.. 101 103
Oak Tran 6s.. 119 120
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 70 — Spring Valley. »3«i 94U
Marln County. 61>£ — , -~-,/r -¦¦- -Tj-
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent L <£- P Co — 4V4fPac L Co — 44
Eqult GLCo. SH S»JISac E O&R Co — 36
Mutual El Co. — 9mS F O & E.... 48 46'i
O G L & H.... 49% 60»i[3an Francisco 44 4*
Pao Gas Imp.. 47% 4S&I Stktn «&K Co— 14
* INSURANCE STOCKS.
Firem'B Fund.227i4 — 1
BANK STOCKS.
Anglo-Cal Ltd. 74 T7 First Natloal.300 —
isar.k ot Cal...4W — Lon P Sc A.... 143 —
Cal S D & T. — 105% Merchants' Ex 15% —
SAVINGS .BANKS.
Ger a & !•.... — 19*> Sav & I> So... — —
Hum S 4 |L... — Sec S»v Bk...3*0 —
Mut Sav Bk... BO — Union T Co — —
8 F Sav Un...52O —
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California ....129 m OIL& H.... 38 4«i
Geary-st 45 — .Presidio 17 21
Market-st 76 Tl I
POWDER FTOCKS.
California - 180 Vigorft 3U SH
Giant Con Co. 84H —
SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana S P Co. 7*4 7H Kllauea S Co. 21 a%
Haw C & S Co — — Makawell S Co UH *3
Honokaa S Co. 3H4 $2 Onomea S Co. 28H —
Hutch S P Co. 25»i 26 Paauhan B Co. 31% 32H
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid.Ask. - Bid. Ask.
4s quar coup..ll5HH6V; 4s do cp (new).lSS 13S^i
4s do reg HHillGU 3s do coup 110 —
MONDAY, Dec 10—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
The following were ex-dividend yesterday:
Pacific Gas Improvement, 30 cents; Giant Pow
der, 75 cents; Paauhau Sugar. 30 cents per
share.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
urer: "Beginning with the 15th of this month
you may anticipate payment of coupons due
on the 1st of January as follows: Funded loan
of 1307 ' and consols of 1930. Interest . checks,
same loan, will go forward by mall on the
20th or thia month for payment by you when
presented/' *
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Dec. 10. — Wheat quiet and steady;
bluestem, 67c; club, 64c
PORTLAND, Dec. l(h — Wheat is dull tn sym
pathy -with other markets. The local demand
is somewhat restricted by the slow arrival of
enraged tonnage. Exporters are quoting 53VM?
64c for Walla Walla, with %c better paid occa
sionally for a round lot.
OREGON,
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND. Dec. 10.— Clearings, $539,415;
balances, $69,834.
. . .
Portland's Business.
WHEAT— Spot, steady; No. 1 California, 6s
2Mtd; No. 2 red Western winter, 6s ll?id; No.
1 Northern spring, 6s 2%d. Futures, quiet; De
cember, Es HV4d; March, 6s tfd.
CORN — Spot American mixed new, 4s 2d. Fu
tures, quiet: December, 4s l%d; January, 3s
lOVid; March, 3s 9%d.
CLOSING.
LONDON. Deo. 10.— Console, 97 9-16; "stiver,
29 13-16d; French rentes, lOlf 90c; wheat cargoes
on passage, quiet and steady; Walla Walla,
2Ss 9d; English country^ markets, ¦ quiet but
steady: imports of wheat into United King
dom, 273,000 qrs; do Flour, 201,000 qrs; wheat
and flour on passage to United Kingdom, 2,100,
000 qrs: do Continent, 960. 0CO qrs.
LIVERPOOL. Dec. 10.— Wheat, quiet ; Xo. 1
standard California. 3s 2d@3s 3d; wheat in
Paris, barely steady; flour In Paris,' barely
steady: French country markets, steady.
COTTON-Uplands. 5>id.
NKW YORK. Dec. 10.— The statement of the
visible supply of grain in store and afloat Sat
urday, December 8, as compiled by the New
ltrk- Produce Exchange, is as follows: Wheat.
Bl, 494,000 bushels: decrease. 685,000 bushels.
Corn. 8.762,<XKi; decrease, 680,000. Oats, 10,875.000;
decrease, 444.000. Rye, 1,284,000; decrease, 41,000.
Barley, 3,273,000; decrease. 145,000.
, Foreign Markets.
Visible Grain Supply.
CHICAGO, Dec. 10.— CATTLE— Receipts, 24,
•60; choice, steady; common and medium. 10®
10c lower; butchers, steady; good to prime
steers, $5 40@6 30; poor to medium, $4@4 30;
selected feeders, $3 N5<&'4 30; mixed stockers,
*2 2oQ3 75: cows. »2 60©l 30: heifers. $2 65@5 25;
canners. J2©2 50; bulls, ft &0@4 50: calves, $3 50
§5 2o; Texas fed steers, ?4@4 85; graasers, $3 30
@* 10: bulls, $2 40@3 23.
HOtrS— Receipts to-lay, 37,000; to-morrow,
33,000; left over, 3000; active: 5@10c higher; top,
*o; mixed and butchers. $4 70@5;'good to choice
£f%X£? 54 7O ® 5: rough heavy.- $4 55@4 65; light.
$4 70(55; balk of sales. J4 85@4 95.
SHEEP— Receipts, lS.OOO; sheep and lambs,
strong to 10c higher; good to choice wethers,
$4@4 50; fair to choice mixed, $3 S0@4 10; West
ern sheep, $4©4 40; Texas sheep. $2 D0®3 6->;
"ative lambs, J4@4 55; WeBtern lambs, $4 85®
o 50.
Ch icago Livestock Market.
rants, $9 50®10 50; foundry. $1S@18 60: Southern.
?'.« 50©15 75, and soft Southern, $U@15 75.
Flour, qr ska... ...18,178 Bran, sks.. . «*»
Wheat, ctls....... 49,239 Onions, sks s^2
Barley, ctls. ;..... 3.830 Wine. gals........ zi.3On
Corn, ctls 1.740 Butter, ctls 14'
Oats. ctl».. V 92O Eggs, doz 6S40
Beans, ctls..;.... l,575>j Leather, rolls.... ' ;a
Potatoes, sks.... 10.367 j Quicksilver, flsks 44
Middlings, sks.... 80i Cheese.- ctls...... '• 45
Hay. tons 683jHldes No..:... . seo
Straw, tons 15 1 Pelts, .bdls 290
Hops, bales 99iSugar. ctls. ...*..-.. 250
Wool, bales 46. Tallow, ctls........ 219
WASHINGTON, j
Flour, qr sks..... 8,064 Oats. ctla.. 4130
EASTERN. " "
Corn, ctls 1.500f.
FOR MONDAT, DECEMBER 10.
Receipts of Produce.
COAL. — Wellington. $9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington. $9; Seattle. $7; Bryant, $7; Coos
Bay, $5 60; Wallsend, $9; Co-operative Wall
send. $9; Cumberland, $11 in bulk and $13 25 in
sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14; Can
nel, $13 Per ton; Coke. $15 per ton in bulk and
$18 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions, $3 45
per 2000', lbs and $8 50 per ton, according to
brand.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Crushed. 6.15c; Powdered, 5.75c; Candy Gran
ulated. 5.75c; Dry Granulated, 5.65c; Confec
tioners' A, 6.65c; Magnolia A, 6.25c; Extra C,
6.15c; Golden C, 6.05c; barrels, JOc more; half
barrels, 25c more: boxes, 60c more; 60- lb bags
10c more. No orders taken for less than 75
barrels or its equivalent. Domlnoa, s half-bar
rels, 6.40c; boxes. 6.65c per lb. .
BAGS— San Quentln Bags, $5 65; Calcutta
Grain Bags, June and July, 6Hc: Wool Bags,
28H@32V4c; Fleece Twine, 7%c; Fruit Bags,
6H@6%c for white and 8V4<TS%c for bleached
EASTERN CODFISH— Is higher at 6%@7c per
General Merchandise.
The market is still characterized by light rop
pllps.and firm prices.
BEEF— 7® So for steers and 6©6Uc per.lb for
COWS.
VEAL— Large, 8@9c; small. 9@H)c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 8@9o: Ewes, s©8Hoper
pound. .'
LAMB— 9@10c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. 6ft© for small and 5%o for
medium and 6Vi@5%c for large; stock Hogs and
feeders. 5©5tfc; dressed Hogs. 7!4©3!4c
San Francisco Meat Market.
HIDES. AND SKINS— Culla and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, 10c; medium. 9c; light. S^c; Cow
hides, 9c for heavy and 8Ho for light; Stags,
«%c; Satted Kip, 9Hc: Salted Veal. 5U C ; Salted
Calf. 10c; Dry Hides. 16c; culls, 14c; Dry Kip,
16c; Dry Calf. 16S17c; culls and brands,
14c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 20&30o each; short
Wool, 30@50«!,each; medium, 6O@S5c; Jong Wool,
75c«711 each': Horse Hides, salt, $3 50 for large
and 12 for medium. $1 50 for small and 50c for
colts; Horse Hides, dry, $1 75 for large, $1 (0
for medium, $1 25 for small and 25©50c for colts.
Deerskins— Summer or red skins, &>c: fall or
medium skins, 30c; winter or thin skins, 17«@
20c. Goatskins— Prime Angoras. 7Sc; large and
smooth, 50c; medium, 35c. -
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4®4%c per lb; No.
2, SV4c; grease, 2®2ttc.
WOOlr-Sprlng Clip is quotable as follows:
Northern, free, 15®16c: Northern, defective. 12
©14c; Middle County, free, 14@l6c: Middle
County, defective,- 12®14e: Southern Mountain
12 months', 9<gl0c; Southern Mountain, free. 7
months'. ll@12c: Southern Mountain, defective.
7 months', 9011c; ¦ Humboldt and Menace! no.
16617c: Nevada, 12©16c per lb:
Fall Clip— San Joaquln. 6V4@8c; do lambs, 8
©9c - " Middle County, 9@10c; Northern Mountain,
free 10fi!llo; Southern Mountain, 7%®$tte;
Humboldt and Mendoclno. 12313c per lb.
HOPS— 12®16c per lb.
COTTOLENE-One-half barrels. 8%c; three
half-barrels. 8»4c: one tierce. 8Hc; two tierces,
8c; five tierces, 7%c per lb.
Hides, Talloiv, Wool and Hops.
¦ LARD— Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for com
pound and 9%c for pure; half-barrels, purs
5%c; 10-lb tins, 10c: 6-lb tins, lOHc.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. Ilfc114c per lb for
heavy, llM:@12c for light medium, 12'A@13c for
light. 13\44n4c for extra light and 15<315\4o for
sugar-cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 11H®
12c; Mess Beef, $12 50 per barrel; extra Mess,
$13; Family. $14; extra Prime Pork, $16; extra
clear. $19 60; Mess, $17; Smoked Beef, I3o per
pound.
Eastern Hams are quoted rather higher.
Otherwise there Is no change. Trade Is quiet,
as usual during the month of December.
Provisions.
FRUITS— Prunes, Santa Claras, 4 size*. 8c;
40-503. 7c; 6O-60s. 6%c; 60-70s. 3%c; 70-80s. 3^e;
8O-90s. 2%c; 90- 100s, 2%c: 100s and orer, 2c; ru
bies, %c premium: Sonomas, %c and San Joa
quins, %c less than Santa Claras, except lCCs
and over, which stand the same. Apricots, 63
8c for Royals and lOeiO^c for Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples, 6@6c; sun-dried. 3H@4i»o:
Peaches, 4@3c for standard, 5©8c for choice
and 6%@7c for fancy; Pears, 2@7o; Plums,
pitted, 5@6%c; unpltted, l@l%c; Nectarines, 59
5%o for red and 5H@6c for white.
RAISINS— The Ralaln Growers' Association
has established the following prices for the
season of 1900: Bleached Thompson's fancy. 12c
per lb: choice, lie; standard. 8%c; prime, 8o;
unbleached Thompson's, 9c per lb. Sultanas —
Fancy, lOHc per lb; choice. 9%c; standard. 8\c;
prime, 8c; unbleached Sultanas, 8o; Seedless.
50-lb boxes, 6V4c; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers, 2
crown, $1 50 per box; 8-crown, $i 60; Fancj
Clusters, $2; Dehesa, $2 50; Imperial, %X All
prices f. o. b. at common shipping points in
California.
NUTS— Chestnuts, «@7c per lb for California
and 12c lor Italian: Walnuts. No. l aoft
shell, lie: No. 2, 8c: No. 1 hardshell. 10c: No. 3,
7V4c; Almonds, 12@13c for papershell. 9®llo for
soft shell; Peanuts, 5®6c for Eastern; Brazil
Nuts, 13c: Filberts. 13c; Pecans, il®i3c; Cocoa
nuts. {3 fiO@5,
HONEY— Comb. 13^4®14Hc for bright and 12H
©13c for light amber; water white, extracted,
7*4@8c; light amber, extracted, 6fti£7o; dark.
6@<%o P«r lb.
BEESWAX— 24@26c per lb.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
The continued cold weather keeps most kinds
dull, and prices show no change, except Jersey
Cranberries, which are still higher. Stocks of
Cranberries are remarkably small.
Apples 8 re In liberal supply, but there ans
not many fine Pears offering.
Lady Apples have appeared, selling at the
quotations below.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
APPLES— 30@GOc per box for common and
65cfi?$l for good to choice; Spitzenbere* 7S<*9
$125; Oregon Spltzenbergs, $1@1 23; Lady Ap
ples, $2 50<g3 .per box.
PEARS— 50c@$l 25 per box.
PERSIMMONS— 40<fJ60c per box.
CRANBERRIES— Jerseys. $1150: Cape Cod,
$13@13 60 per barrel; Coos Bay, |2 50@2 75 per
box. ... ,
STRAWBERRIES— None In.
RASPBERRIES— None In.
GRAPES— <>5@75c per box and crate.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Orar.Kes, U 23^2 50;
Beedllnes $1©1 75; Tantf'-lne*. $1 25ifjl ?0: Jap
anese Mandarins, $1 60®2; Lemons, 25c@tt 23
for common and $1 50®: 75 for Kood-to ciuice;
Grape Fruit. $1 50®2.5C; Mox'can Urncs. $4®
4 50; California Limes, 23@35c; Bananas, $1
@$2 25 per bunch; Pineapples, $1@2 per dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
EGGS— Store, nominal ; Ranch, 40<543o for fair
and 42V4@43c per dozen for good to choice;
Eastern, 25@32%c.
Storage goods— 21i??22c.
CHEESE— New, <12H<gl3c: Old. U<3'll%c:
Young America. ViiQUc; Eastern, 16@16%c;
Westrrn, 15c rer lb.
The scarcity In Eggs continues. Prices are
still higher and sales even . over the top quo
tation are reported. Some dealers, however,
say that the high prices check the demand,
which is falling off.
The same condition prevails In regard to But
ter. While arrivals are moderate and stocks
light the high prices have cut down the de
mand considerably and dealers buy only from
hand to mouth.
Cheeso rules firm and Eastern and Western
descriptions are still higher. ,•
BUTTER—
Creamery — Fancy Creamery, 2S@2Sc; seconds,
27Wc.
Dairy— Fancy, 26c; good to choice; 24323c;
common, 20®22V4c. *
Creamery . tub— 20@22%c per lb.
Pickled roll— 19@21c
Firkin— IS® 19c.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
GAME— Quail, $1@1 25; Mallard, »3 50@4; Can
vaabaek. $3 6005; Sprig, $2 25@2 50; Teal. $1 50@
1 75; Widgeon, $1 50; Small Duck. $1@1 23; Black
Jack,. $150; Gray Geese, $3; White Geese, $1®
1 60; Brant, ?1@1 50 for small and t2S"2 25 for
large; Honkers, U 60; \ English I Snipe, ?1 60:
Jack Snipe, $1 25; Hare, $1 26; Rabbits, U 50 for
Cottontail and fl for Brush; Doves, 60@65c per
dozen.
Roosters. J3 50@4; Fryers, $3 5004; Broilers.
?3 50©4 for large and $3@3 25 tor small:
Pigeons, $1 per dozen for old and II 75@2 - for
Sguabs. . ' - ¦ ' - -
THE SANFEANOISCO^ALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1900.
New York Grain and Produce.
Chicago Grain Market.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EASTERN MARKETS.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
8
STATIONS. 1
' Last
24 H.OU
LAS
I IT/11
t I Tula
ur*j Season.
Last
Season.
iurpka '
xl Bluff !
acramento ......... j
an Franci wo !
r«i» j
rideperi fierce ;
an Luis • -' ! '.s-r i
/¦* Anccles [
an Dleeo '
i 0.00
! 0.09
0.00
0.00
0.0f»
; 0.0?
0.00
0.00
0.00
1 i
I 14.93
) 6.C9
} 6.70
> 5.65
! *1£
¦ I'm
) 6.T»
> 1.7?
i
Z2.S7
-.12
5.91
1.22
f.v3
3.51
un
STATIONS. 1
' Last
24 H.OU
LAS
I IT/11
t I Tula
ur*j Season.
Last
Season.
iurpka '
xl Bluff !
acramento ......... j
an Franci wo !
r«i» j
rideperi fierce ;
an Luis • -' ! '.s-r i
/¦* Anccles [
an Dleeo '
i 0.00
! 0.09
0.00
0.00
0.0f»
; 0.0?
0.00
0.00
0.00
1 i
I 14.93
) 6.C9
} 6.70
> 5.65
! *1£
¦ I'm
) 6.T»
> 1.7?
i
Z2.S7
-.12
5.91
1.22
f.v3
3.51
un
OCEA2T TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
' Steamers leave Broadway
«£. wharf, San FrancSsco:
KKSHifcj For Alaskan Ports— 11 a. rr...
Dec. 12. 17. X. X. Jan. 1.
§3f*jK'v?-5k Change to comper.j-'s •team?r»
I B!*§S^il Fcr Victoria, Vancouver (B.
Bmtm^OmtU C), Port Townsend, Beattle.
» TjParw' Tacoma. Everett. Anaccrt--><
«nd New Whatcom O\'a_*h >—
U a. m.. Dec 12. 17. 12. 27.
Jan. 1 and every fifth, day thereafter. Char.js*
at Seattle for this company's steamers for
Alaska and G. N. Ry.; at Seattle- or Tacoma to
N. P. Ry.: at Vancouver to C. f». Ry.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay — 2 p. m.. Dee.
14. 13. 24. 29. Jan. 3. and every fifth day there-
after.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Ba--
bara. Port Lo« 'Angles and Redondo (Lo» An-
geles) — Steamer Queen. Wednesdays » a. m •
stecmer Santa Roea. Sundays, 9 a. m.
Por Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Ca.yn-
cos. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo). Gavicta.
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedrn.
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport-
Steamer Corona, Fridays, 9 a. m.; steameT
Bonita. Tuesdays, 9 a. m.
For Hnsenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jone di»l
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m. 7th each month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
The .company reserves the right to chan<r?
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
¦without rreviou* notice.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street fPalace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agents.
10 Market St.. San Francisc*.
W 0, B. & S. GO,
DISPATCH T AST 8TBAMKRS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 11 a. m.
FARf "fl 2 / lrsi 5'^? s lnclua% "Berth
rHnt $8 Second Class and ileala.
COLUMBIA Sall« Dec. 14. 24. Jan.'l>
GEO. W. ELDER Sails Dec. 19. 23
Short Line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market a*.
TOYO KISEN KAISBA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day of
sailing.
SS. AMERICA MARU
Saturday, December ». WOO
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Thursday, January 24, 1901
63. NIPPON MARU
Tuesday. February 19. 19"1
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
KtW TORS. SOUTHAMPTON. L0SD05. MBZ1
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Everr Wednesday. 10 a. m.
New Tork Dec. 12tNew Tork Jan ?
Soothwark Dec 19 Kensington Jan. 9
St. Louis Dec 28'Noonlland Jan. IS
RED STAR LINE:
New/ York and Antwerp.
From New Tork Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Frleeland Dec. 12 Westernland ...Jan. 2
Southwark Deo. 19 Kensington Jan. 9
Weaternland j ...Dec. 26 Noordland Jan. 15
For freight and passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL. NAVIGATION CO..
30 Montgomery St., Or any of its agents,
PANAMA R.R.TBS"'
To NEW YORK via PANAMA Direct
S. S. ST. PAUL sails December (8,
S. S- ROAHOXE sails January 8.
! From wharf, foot of Fremont st.. at t p. m.
Freight and oaimenger office. 330 Market rt.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
AAAdnlA C C £*I\ HAWAII, SJHOA, HEW
VVVUUIV <y«<y» W» oiRECf LIXErelAHin
SS. SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa. New
Zealand and Australia ••• ••••••;••••
..Wednesday. December 13. » p. m.
SS. 2'EAI.^VDlA^Hon^^only^..^.^^
4 D SPRECKEIS 4 BMS. CO., Stneraf Inants. 327 Market St
gm'1 rSgir G«a, g43 st - ** ix 7 - ?aSto St •
C0MPA6NIB GE5IRAL3, TB153ATLAKTIQITS.
mnECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS,
t°C?«l°? SSStSSrJSS £*an d '
Morton -treet. r $42 w anf ,
UP !f rrvERAL AGEXCT FOR UNITED
l cfnc*Ccast "5 Montgomery avenue.
San Francisco. | .
"bay and river steamers.
1« sThAVtSFaND YALLEIfl,™
Steamer "A"onticell<x"
MON.. Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at »Ui
a*m.. 3:15, 8=30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. nlzrht); F«F
days 1 P- m - anii 8:3<>: Sunrtays. Jf;3O a. m.-s
D m Landing and office. Missto»»treet Dock,
pier No. 2. Telephone Mala 1501
1 FARE m
AUCTION SALES
fiREAT AUCTION SALE 2f
fe* OP . fe
Thoroughbred Yearlings
AND OLDER HORSES FP.OM
SANTA ANITA STOCK FARM.
(E. J. Baldwin. Prop.)
RAXCHO DEL. SIERRA.
(Theo. Winters,
ONEONTA STOCK FARM.
(E. D. McS weeny. Prop.)
• Comprising sons and daughters of Amisro.
Rey el Santa Anita. Xomad, Santiago, Rey del
Sierras, El Rio Rey. Lordlike and Emperor of
Norfolk, and the choicest marea on these farms.
WEDNESDAY EVENING. DEC. 12. 1900.
Commencing at 7:45. at
OCCTDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE.
721 HOWARD ST.. NEAR THIRD.
Horses at yard.' Catalogues ready.
WM. G. LAYNG, Auctioneer.
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE
CRA>TD ARCADE HORSE MARKET. S27
SIXTH ST.
WEDNESDAY. DECEMBER 13, AT 11 A. M.
By Order of Mayor Phelan.
We will sell a lot of FVr9 Department horses,
also 20 head of good, young horses from the
country.
SULLIVAN & DOTLE, Auctioneers.San Francisco Pedagogues Take Pos
session of Their New
Quarters.
The San Francisco Teachers' Club en
joyed a "house-warming" last night In
the handsome new quarters of the club,
which are located In the Supreme Court
building, McAllister and Larkin streets.
The rooms were tastefully decorated and
a most pleasant evening was spent by the
many members who were present.
President C. C. Young welcomed the
members to their new clubrooms and
hoped that the pleasant surroundings
would be conducive to social and edu
cational advancemont. Dr. Emily ~C.
Noble of Boston, Mass., read a most in
teresting paper on "The Language of the
Hand Considered From Its Scientific and
Educational Value and Its Practical Ap
plication In Medical Diagnosis." A mu
slcal programme was also given. Miss
Belle Livingston. Miss Estelle Carpenter.
Miss Gladys Couth, Mrs. M. Mead, Mrs.
E. Rivers, Miss C. Guile, Miss A. Vallejo
and others performed.-
SCHOOL TEACHEBS ENJOY
A CLUBHOUSE WARMING
"MISSION CBEEK" SUIT
STTLL IN THE COURTS
Supreme Court Grants a New Trial
to Two Defendants in the
Action.
The Supreme Court handed down a de
cision yesterday partly reversing the
judgment of the lower court in the now
famous suit of the city and county of
San Francisco against. John Center and
other residents, who were Interested In
the property known as Mission Creek.
The city was successful in the lower
court, but two of the defendants, Georges,
and Eugene Le Roy, appealed and they
were successful.
The city filed suit on November 29. 18S6,
to recover possession of the strip of land
extending ' from Ninth to Eighteenth
streets, which was formerly known as
Mission Creek. Among the defendants,
of whom there were a large number, were
Georges and Eugene Le Roy, who claimed
ownership in and possession of the land
in question. Judgment was given against
the Le Roys, except as to a small stzed
tract about 25 feet square, which is situ
ated at the southeast corner of Alameda
and Columbia streets. From that portion
of the judgment in favor of the city the
Le Roys appealed.
The opinion rendered is a lengthy one
and deals with the testimony offered at
the hearing In the lower court. In grant
ing the new trial the court said:
"For the reasons given in the foregoing
opinion the Judgment and order are re
versed and a new trial ordered as to ap
pellants, to be had upon the evidence al
ready taken and such other evidence as
plaintiff or appellants or either of them
may wish to offer, and as to all other de
fendants the judgment is affirmed."
Darby Laydon Convicted.
Darby Laydon, contractor, was con
victed yesterday by a jury in the United
States District Court of having- violated
the' Federal "statute prohibiting the em
ployment ef workingmen for more than
eight hours per day on Government work.
Peter F. Dunn, counsel for Laydon, moved
that Judge de Haven Instruct the Jury to
acquit on the ground that Laydon was an
Independent contractor, and did not corao
within the provisions of the statute, but
Judge de Haven -denied the motion, Lay
don committed the offense while work-
Ing In tbe construction of a double span
bridge on Fruitvale avenue for the Gov
ernment. He was ordered > to appear f jr
sentence this morning.
MARCUS DALY'S WILL
MAY BE CONTESTED
Was a Brother of the Montana
Inmate of Soldiers' Home Says He
Millionaire.
NEW YORK, Dec. 10.— While an amica
ble agreement has been entered Into by
the beneficiaries under the will of the late
Marcus Daly which is satisfactory to all.
it Is firmly believed by those most inter
ested that a contest of the will is certain.
Alleged relatives of the late copper king
are appearing in various sections of the
country, and all are casting envious eyes
on the millions sqon to be distributed.
Unless an unexpected delay occurs the
will left by Marcus Daly will be filed in
Montana Wednesday. At the same time
letters of ancillary administration will be
applied for here and the estate will be
managed from this city.
It was impossible to-day to obtain any
exact information concerning the amount
of the Daly fortune, but from a man who
has for years been on terms of intimate
friendship with Daly, Clark and Haggin n
was learned that from $15,000,000 to $18,000.
000 would bo turned over to the benefici
aries. This Is about $3,000,000 less than
Mr. Daly was reputed to be worth before
his death.
Rev. Peter Daly, now an inmate of the
Soldiers' Home In Hot Springs. S. D., will
probably begin a contest. It Is said that
he only recently learned that he was a
brother of Marcus Daly. The knowledge
came to him while reading a biography
of Marcus Daly published In connection
with a death notice. He knew that he
had a brother Marcus, but they had sep
arated when boys in Ireland and had lost
all track of each other.
Peter Daly had often heard of the won
derful wealth of Marcus Daly of Mon
tana, but had never for an Instant sup
posed that his brother Marcus was the
modern Croesus.
Peter Daly during his* active careor
served as pastor of three Methodist
churches In this State.
VICTTMS OF WOUNDS
AND DISEASE TN ISLANDS
General MacArthur Sends War De-
partment !Late Idst of
Casualties.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 10.— General Mac-
Arthur at Manila to-day sent the follow
ing death list:
Dysentery — Company K. Eighth Infan
try, Michael "Welch; Company I. Secontl
Infantry. Henry Waldeschmldt: Company
E, Thirty-third Infantry. Owen Rellly;
Company M, Forty-seventh Infantry.
Henry Carnahan.
Suicido — Company K, Thirty-second In
fantry, Lcroy Taylor; Troop F, Third
Cavalry, Alfred Hartley; Company B.
Nineteenth Infantry, Sergeant John Dud
ley.
AVounds received in action — Company K,
Thirty-sixth Infantry, Ulric Jeausseme.
Company C, Twelfth Infantry, John
Ritchey; Company L, Twenty-second In
fantry. William Dold.
Variola — Company G. Forty-eighth In
fantry, William K. Hardin; Company K.
Forty-eighth Infantry. Grant Latime/-.
Killed by comrade— Company M. Forty
ninth Infantry, Sergeant George Glvens.
Killed by sentry, by mistake — Shane
Doyle.
Drowned — Troop D, First Cavalry, "Vin
cent Zelatnlckl.
Typhoid fever— Company B. Forty-sec
ond Infantry, Henry G. Sullivan.
Uraemia — Company B. Thirty-fourth In
fantry, Isaac Thqmas.
Chloroform narcosis — Company C. Sev
enteenth Infantry, Charles M. SUnnet.
Tuberculosis— Company H, Forty-eighth
Infantry, Samuel Hardy.
General Mac-Arthur says that the an
nouncement in his telegram of October 4
of the death of John Dean, Company K,
Thirty-seventh Infantry.- was a mistake.
It should have been Corporal John A.
Dolan, Company C, Thirty-seventh Infan
try.
WRECKAGE PICKED UP
OFF CARMANAH LIGHT
Portion, of the Name-Board of Some
Luckless Vessel Found at
Sea.
VICTORIA. Dec. 10.— News was brought
by the steamer Queen City, which returned
from the west coast this afternoon, of the
finding of a quantity of wreckage at Car
manah by "W. Daykln. the . lighthouse
keeper at Carmanah light.' The wreckage
consists of the broken piece of a name
board with the letters and flg-ures "A L
62." evidently the end of the name of the
craft from which It had come. The board
was painted, red and, the letters were yel
low. , A great quantity of small tongned
and grooved lumber painted white was
found, evidently part of the housework of
some vessel; a piece of the gunwale of a
boat, several oars, -a great many empty
cases and four lffe belts marked "S. S.
San Pedro." . ' . - ' "
As the st earner* Snn Pedro was several
years ago blown up from where she lay
for years on Brotchle Ledge by T. P.
"Whitelaw of San Francisco, the life belta
must have been sold to the craft which
lost them.
The weather has been very good of late
up the coast, and no word of other wreck
age has been heard from the length of the
Island coast. /No vessel is mloslng with
the exception of the ship Gertrude, which
sailed from Portland some time ai?o and
bumping on the bar, began to leak to a
considerable extent. She was reported
making for the Sound, and tugs have been
looking for her off the entrance to the
straits for a week without avail. There is
however, nothing in the wreckage to iden
tify it: with 'that vessel, and nothing can
be learned whatever to indicate whence it
came. ' '*;
Secretary Kingsbury Presents Re
port Which Is Accepted by the
Board of Examiners.
At a meeting of the Board of Examiners
of the School Department j^esterday the
report of Secretary Kingsbury on renewal
of teachers' certificates was read and ac
cepted. At next Wedesday's meeting
the appointments will be officially in
dorsed. The report makes the following
recommendations:
That high school certificates be granted to the
following: Miss J. A. Mlch?lson, State of Xe
vada lite diploma of the high school grade; W
W. Foggr. diploma of graduation from the Uni
versity cf California, class of 1832, recommen
dation of the faculty thereof and .special recom
mendation in mechanical and architectural
drawlne. .
That th* high school certificates of the fol
lowing be renewed for a period of six years:
R. I* Mann, I* de F. Eartlett, Mrs. S. W. Mc-
Pherson.
That the grammar grade certificates of the
following be renewed for a period of six years*
Ml*s J. I. King. Silas A. White, Miss N. T.
Moynlhan. Mrs. B. M. North. Miss M. A
Roper, Mrs. M. S. Wright. Mrs. J. D. Cooper,
Miss C. B. Baric. Miss M. E. Kennedy. Miss
A. J. Grader, Miss A. J. Rock. Mlsa M. J.
Canham. Miss M. E. . Moroney. Mlsa A. M.
Huntley, Miss A. R. Lynch. Miss A. C. Kara
tar, MIhs B. R. Elder, Mrs. C. R. Pechln. Miss
B. Roper, Miss Maria Roberts. Miss M. J.
Henderson. Miss A. O: Catlln. Miss M. E.
O'Leary, Miss K. A. Humphrey, Mrs. A. H.
Green, Miss C. M. O'Donnell. Miss J. A. Doran.
That the primary grade certificates of the fol
lowing be renewed for a period of two years'
Miss 8. C. Farwell. .Miss B. T. Durkee.
That the special certificates of the following
be renewed for a period of six years: Free
hand drawing, wood carving:, clay modeling,
hifjh school grade, Ml.«s M. M. Van Vleck;
bookkeeping certificate, high school grade. Mlsa
M. B. Doyle.
TEACHERS NAMED FOR
RENEWAL CERTIFICATES
Tailors — Block & Georges. 119 Sutter street;
J. Cohn & Co., 775 Market; J. H. Curley & Co..
14 Geary; R. Finking, 341 Kearny; Flynn &
Kheehan. 906 Market: J. Gordan, 1124 Market:
Abe Hat-shall. 12 Kearny; Isadore Jonas, 779
Market: Ix>uls Jonas, S3 Third; J. Lancaster
& Co., 302 Kearny; Ei A. Lemoine, 331 Kearny;
Sam N". Levy. 113 Sutter; Charles Lyons, 721
Market and 122 Kearny; Metropolitan Tailoring
Co. 947 Market: O'Connor & Kelleher, 33
Fourth; Joe Poheim, 1110 Market and 201 Mont
fromery; G. M. Postlfdlone, 107 Sutter; John
Reid & Bon, 907 Market; F. Schoeltler, 329
Kearny; J. Smith, &06 Market; J. R. Smith
Tailoring .Co., 310 Bush.
Furnishers — R. C Atkins & Sons, 123 Mont
gomery street: Beamish. 209 MontBomery; Bul
lock & Jones, 105 Montgomery; Deimel Linen
Mesh Co., Ill Montgomery; J. B. Duggan, 113
Montgomery: Frank & Wolf, 628 Market: John
T. Gibson. 1204 Market and 4 Market: Hansen
& Elrick. Examiner building: R. McCorrpack.
135 Montgomery; Seller, 21S Kearny: Wolfe &
Hawley, 133 Kearny; Wolf & Frank, 232 Kearny.
Hatters—Collins the Hatter, 101S Market
street: Colman Hat Co.. 130 Kearny; Fisher &
Co., 9 "Montgomery: Pacific Coast Hat Works,
attention to the object in view, namely,
the closing -of all retail stores on and after
January 1. the clerks have scored a vic
tory. Following is a list of storekeepers
and firms who nave signed an agreement
to close their places of business at 6
o'clock:
Clothiers— J. J. Glldea. 756 Market street; A.
Giry. 307 Kearny;,l» V. Merle, Sixth and Mis
sion; Pauson & Co., Butter and Kearny; Ra
'pliaels, 9 Kearny: Roos Bros.. 29 Kearny; Sum
merfleld & Roman. Fifth and Market: S. X.
Wood & Co., 71S Market and- Powell and Eddy;
The Golden Eagle, 104 Kearny: The Hastings.
Sutter and Montgomery; The Hub, Slitter and
Kearny; The Monarch. 915 Market; The Red
Leading Merchants Sign an Agree
ment to Close Their Stores
at 6 O'Clock.
After considerable agitation and a close
REQUEST OF RETAIL
CLERKS IS GRANTED
The man who hesitates often loses a
good opportunity.
Hark Martha Davis, McAlman. 23 days from
Honolulu.
Monday, Deoember XO.
St mr Scotia. Walvlg. 19 hours from Rockport.
Ship Kmlly F Whitney. Brigman. 19 days
ARRIVED,
LATE SHIPPING- INTELLIGENCE.
terms upon which, they had been employed
upon the Ahble M. Deerlnjj. The two lapt
named were offered employment, hut at a less
compensation than they were to receive under
the contract set out in the libel, and they are
entitled to recover as damages the difference
between the pum offered them to ro upon the
X'ranus and that which man agreed to be paid
to them by the terms of that contract. This
difference I find in the case of John Pkinnin*?
to be tZZ. and in that of Louis Hangen $12 51.
After awarding judgment for the sums
named Judge de Haven dismissed the li
bel as to all other llbelants.
¦ ? «
Suits Against Siskiyou Lumber Men.
Assistant United States Attorney Ban
ning filed in the United State Circuit
Court yesterday, on bthalf of the United
States, three suits against lumbermen in
Siskiyou County for cutting timber on
Oovernment reservations. The suits are ns
follow: United States vs Joseph B. Lt»
I>uc for SoSSS damages; United States vs.
George F. Jensen & Joseph B. Le Due,
$7.",I2 damages, and United States vs. Eu
gene F. Maltby, 52C16.
JUDGE DE HAVEN GIVES
AN OPINION ON WAGES
When Contract Is Broken, Employes
Must Accept Similar Employment
From Others Elsewhere.
T*rlte<? States District Judge de Haven
jTi<1erf-<i an important opinion yesterday
jip indicating the responsibility of employ
crg in certain caj=es of breach of contract.
The decision wr&a in the matter of John
Skinning and others aj?alnst the American
Fohwnpr Abbie ML Decring. In his opm
3'>n Judge <V Haven says:
When thf contract ordared on was broken
by the master "f the Abbie M. Peering It was
the duty cf li!#lants to use reasonable dill
frpriee to obtain «*her employment of a similar
KTtsinc tnm th* breach of su< h contract. The
evidence Fhows= beyond all doubt that all of
the libelani*, if th?y had po desired, could
have obtained such employment upon the
Fchonner Uranus, and. with the exception of
3:r>c!aJits Fkinr.ing and HarsTi, upon the Fame
Citizen Refuses to Hold Up Hi3
Hands and Receives a Bullet
in the Breast.
PORTLAND. Or., T>ec. 10.— L. C. Fort
ner, an engineer for the City and Subur
ban Railway Company, while on his way
home near Mount Tabor was shot anJ
perhaps fatally wounded to-night by a
footpad. Fortner. when commanded to
hold up his hands, threw his dinner
pail into the highwayman's face. The
latter then flred a shot, the bullet en
tering Fortner's left breast. The robber
escaped without obtaining any booty.
•
Servant Girls Organize.
MINNEAPOLIS. Dec. 10.— The servant
girls of Minneapolis are being organized
into a union by the Trades and Labor
Council. Already a larce number of thi
women have agreed to become members,
and it Is believed that nearly all will Join.
The object of the association is to correct
alleged abuses and secure privileges and
better wages for the girls.
NELSON. Wash.. Pec. 10.— There Is a stam
pede up Fotirth-of-July Creek, a branch of th<»
Kettle River. Shot gold has been discovered,
the earth yielding $v> to the cubic yard. Dig
ging In that vicinity has been iccretly done by
George Arnett, an old miner, for three or four
yearn. It la estimated he has cleaned up
$10,000. The strike extends on both sides of the
British-American boundary.
PATALLY WOU1TDED BY
A PORTLAND FOOTPAD
Speeches Made and Musical
Programme Rendered.
Ex-residents of the State of Missouri
enjoyed a pleasant reunion last evening
In the parlors of the Young Men's Chris
tian Association, the occasion being the
regular monthly meeting of tho Missouri
Society of California. The president.
Judge E. A. Bridgfcrd, welcomed all who
were present and was followed by the
Hon. Tlrey L. Ford, who spoke in place
of ex-Lieutenant Governor Jeter, who was
to have addressed the society. General
Ford made a most telling speech and
dwelt on the many glories of the State
of Missouri; the great men she had given
to the world and the virtues learned by
the firesides of the homes in the old
State. He closed his address with a trib
ute to the State of California, the adopted
home of his auditors. A musical pro
gramme was rendered by Professor Lucy,
Miss Tooley. Miss Riley, Mrs. Breedlove,
Mrs. Amrath, Messrs. Larsen, Williams
and others.
Just before the meeting closed the pres
ident announced that Mrs. Farris of Sac
ramento, a member of' the society, had
received a letter from a son of Missouri,
Mark Twain, and the reading of it called
forth loud applause. The letter was as
follows:
14 "West Tenth street,
NEW YORK CITY. Nov. 26, 1900.
IV-ar Mrs. Farris: My wife and I answer
all my correspondents with the pen and have
no secretarial help. Last nlKht we wrote and
mailed twenty-one letters apiece. You will
guess that they were not long ones. We have
to make them short or we should not get
through. This one will have to be brief, too.
If I had the time I could say much, but lack
lntj It, I can only say a couple of words and
wish you and the society all prosperity and
happiness. Sincerely yours,
S. I* CLEMENS.
I/etter From Mark Twain Read,
MISSOURI SOCIETY
OF CALIFORNIA MEETS
Thomas Clear was released this after
noon as Bonn as his brother had been
taken Into custody and had admitted he
was the man engaged in the altercation.*
It is probable that a charge of man
slaughter will be placed against Dan
Clear. He will enter a plea of self-de
fense in the event sufficient evidence is
procured to warrant the filing of a com
plaint against him. No formal charge
will be made until the inquest has been
held.
The weapon which Galindo is said to
have drawn was picked up and turned
over to- the detectives to-day. It is a
pmall. ordinary sized pocket knife.
Coroner Mehrmann will consult with the
police before setting the date of the in
quest. An autopsy will be held upon
Galindo to-morrow and the surgeons who
will perform the post-mortem examina
tion have been requested to make careful
notes of the result.
pushed away it does not seem a satis
factory explanation for that injury. Nor
would it have been probable that Galin
do's skull would have been fractured un-
Ippp he had fallen backward with consid
erable force.
THE LATE AN'TONIO GALIN
DO, WHO DIED YESTERDAY
IX RECEIVING HOSPITAL.
The Mayor's veto of the demand was
then sustained, only Boxton, Reed and
"Wilson voting against l»i
Braunhart Introduced a resolution,
which was adopted under suspension
of the rules, requesting the Legislature to
pass a law at its next session requiring
the Secretary of State to advertise for
proposals for furnishing ballot paper and
to award the contract therefor to the low
est possible bidder. .
Ayes— Boxton, Connor. Reed, Wilson.
Xoea — Booth, Branderatein. Braunhart, Comte,
Curtis. D'Ancona, Dwyer. Hotaling, McCarthy.
Stafford, Tubin.
"I believe in inviting this litigation to
determine whether this city can be over
charged for its purchases."
Reed's motion to refer to the City At
torney was defeated ¦ by the following
vote:
Brandenstein said Curry had not in
sisted on prepayment for the paper, and
had, therefore, waived his right to pre
payment.
"We have no moral right to approve
that demand when we know that the
charge for the paper is in excess of Its
market value," said Brandenstein.
"If the demand is dishonest and we
know it is a steal, why should we pay
it?" pointedly asked Stafford.
"We will suppose it in a steal." said
Reed, "but the holding of an election is
a sovereign. State matter, und v.e aro
simply inviting a suit by rejecting the de
mand. The Secretary of State could have
demanded prepayment, but he did not. I
move that the question be referred to the
City Attorney to determine whether this
board has the power to reject this de
mand."
"The committee." said Reed, "has found
after due Investigation that the charge for
the ballot paper was double what It ought
to be. I do not question the propriety of
the Mayor's course in having vetoed the
demand, nor that of the Judiciary Com
mittee in having recommended its reject
ment. I contend that it is a question for
the Legislature to decide, however, and
this board has no authority in the mat
ter."
Reed took the ground that the demand
was valid «and the board had no jurisdic
tion to reject it under the terms of the
Political Code.
The Board of Supervisors yesterday sus
tained the Mayor's veto of Secretary of
State Curry's demand of $725 for ballot
paper furnished to this city for the last
election. The reason assigned for the
vetp was that the charge of $2 50 per ream,
or 12Vfc cents per pound, was exorbitant.
The Judiciary Committee recommended
that the Mayor's veto be sustained after
It had made an exhaustive investigation,
in which several paper experts testified.
The committee found that the market
value of the paper at the time it was
furnished was only 6 cents per pound, and
on that showing agreed that the demand
should be cut exactly in half.
Request Legislature to Pass Law Re
quiring Secretary of State to
Award Contracts to
Lowest Bidder.
Supervisors Sustain Mayor's
' Veto of Exorbitant
Charge.
REJECT BALLOT
PAPER DEMAND
The $25,000 verdict for breach of 'promise
recently secured by Jane Hodge against
Capitalist John Nicholl was set aside to
day by Judge Ogden on the ground that
the plaintiff did not deny the testimony of
the defendant that she had released him
from his promise on learning of th«» oppo
sition of his daughters to the marriage.
The court sums up the arguments sub
mitted by the defendant In moving for a
new trial under four heads: First, that
the award is excesMve; second, that the
offer of marriage wns conditional upon
tho assent of the daughters, Mary and
Hester; third, that defendant wns not
competent to contract marriage; fourth,
that the plaintiff had released the defend
ant from his promise to marry her.
On the first threo counts the verdict of
the Jury is sustained. But the court holds
that the denial ihaf the promise of mar
riage wps conditional does not affect the
unrebutted testimony of Nicfioll and his
daughters that Mips Hodge agreed to
"call it all off" because the girls. were
"making a fuss" over the prospective
match.
In her complaint against the aged cap
italist Miss Hodge demanded $50,000 dam
ages. The suit was blterly contested and
created a sensation at the time of the
hearing. The parties to the suit are well
known In Eost Oakland society, Is'Icholl
being very wealthy. Both of t.he parties
h.ave long since passed the prime of llf«.
Miss Hodge is a niece of the defendant by
marriage only.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111!: Broadway, Dec. 10.
Findings of Court on Motion for New-
Trial to the Effect That De
fendant Was Re
leased.
Suit of Miss Jane Hodge for.
Breach of Promise to Be
Tried Again.
NICHOLL VERDICT
IS SET ASIDE
The Finance Commitee was directed to
ascertain if there are funds available for
the proposed plan to heat the Hall of
Records by electricity at a cost of $1000.
The roadway of Pierce street between
Waller and the southerly terminus of
Pierce street at Duboce Park was fully
accepted.
The trustees of the Free Public Library
were requested to provide for an entrance
intD the library rooms from the interior
of the City Hall.
The sum of J26.324 50 was ordered paid
to the Hibernla Savings and Ixjan Society,
erroneously paid for taxes for 1839-1900 on
bonds of quasi public corporations.
The sum of $1525 was ordered returned
to tho Pacific Coast Company, which was
overpaid on an erroneous assessment.
The City Attorney was authorized to
permit Judgment to be entered against the
city for $1271 40 for repayment to Lewis
Dusenberg for erroneous taxes on bonds.
The ordinance regulating the care of
cnimals sick with contagious diseases and
providing for the disposition thereof was
finally passed. The owner of any sick
animal must upon demand by the Board
of Health show that he is competent to
care for it properly or that the animal is
under the care of a veterinary surgeon.
The ordinance submitted by the Police
department making; it unlawful for any
person to have in his possession so-called
"knockout drops" or any mixture which,
when mixed with a spirituous beverage,
causes insensibility, was passed to print.
Supervisor McCarthy introduced a reso
lution, which was referred to the Judici
ary Commitee, providing for the establish
ment of a public pound so as to take in
the city limits according to the provisions
of the charter. McCarthy stated that he
presented the resolution at the request of
the University Mound Improvement Club.
Reed urged the passage of the resolu
tion on the ground that by the release of
the original $123,000 every dollar of the
city's obligations would be paid.
"To pay our debts would bo a justifica
tion for the passage of this ordinance,"
fcaid Reed. "Our dottcit will be wiped out
and this Is the only way :t can be done."
The vote on the hnal adoption of the or
dinance was as follows, the ten votes nec
essary being cast in its favor:
Ayes — Booth, Braunhart, Boxton, Comte, Con
nor, Curtis, IJwyer. Heed. Stafford, Wilson.
Noes— Brandenstein, d'Ancona, Hotaling, Mc-
Carthy, Tobln.
"The board cannot legally pass this or
dinance," said ISrandenstein, in objecting
to its passage. "We cannot pledge tftir
selves to appropriate the additional $50,
000. Thert; has been no rea3on advanced
for establishing this park except the l;iek
cf police surveillance in the district. The
matter shou'.d be submitted to a vote of
the people first."
."McCarthy objected to using the money
cf taxpayers to build the park and argued
that it would cost $300,000 or more to buy
the land alone.
The ordinance providing funds for the
acquisition of land for St. Mary's Park
was finally passed yesterday by the
Board of Supervisors. In addition to re
leasing the $125,000 originally appropriated
for the park and now tied up in the city
treasury, the ordinance sets apart the
sum of <50,000 out of available lunds of
this fiscal year for the purchase of the
land. It also pledges the board to appro
priate £0.w0 more during the next ilscal
year for the same purpose.
McCarthy objected to the passage of the
ordinance anu desired to know when the
$12d,uw originally appropriated for the'
paiK would bo reWased, in order that it
might be used to pay claims against the
city.
t. S. Chadbourne. president of the St.
Maiy's Square Associauon, said tnut as
soon ss tne Auditor would audit out of
the £0,000 appropriated one of the Judg
ments now about to be handed down tor
some of the condemned property at Cali
fornia street and Qulncy place the etut
and appeal in the Supreme court to deter
mine tho status of tne $123,000 fund would
be withdrawn.
Bill Prohibiting the Possession ' of
.'•Knockout Drops" Passed to
Print— McCarthy Wants
New Pound.
Supervisors Pass Ordinance
Which Releases Original
Appropriation.
FUND VOTED FOR
ST. MARY'S PARK
OAKLAND. Dec. 10.— After !.'nger
inr in unconsciousness for twenty
hour.-? Antonio Oalindo, whose
skull wa? fractured from a fall on I
the eHowalk. last night, died this I
afternoon at the Receiving Hospital. He
«1id net "recovt-r Fj*»ecb.. and had it not
been fcr the activity of the police «he ex
ect manner in which the aged Spaniard
met death •would have remained a mys
tery.
In trite of the p^Flt'.v© declarations last
right nf Oeorco Wright, tho boy w'io saw
a portion of the fracas at Fourth and i
Clay t-tre»=ts. where Gallndo was hurt, j
Thomas Clear, the man arrested as the j
UHutfJa&t, was In no way connected with
the trouble. The detectives to-day discov
ered that there was a mistake. Chief
Kodpkins secured further information,
end upon th? strength of new develop
ments orderr-d the arrest of Daniel Clear.
e. brmher of Thomas, as the man who
was mixed up in the affray. Policemen i
vrere pent out aftpr him. and at the same i
Jiour that Galimio breathed his lasr in the
Ii<*>ppitaJ ward Policemen Brannan and
Fherry captured Dan Clear at Klghth ave
rue ar.d East Twenty-second street. The
accused was taken to the City Prison to
he he!d pending the Coroner's inquest and
the further investigation by the police.
Clear admits that he had trouble with
c.aJindo. His rtnry concerning the diffi
culty carries with it corroboration of Mrs.
Cunningham's statement about Galindo's
action with her 3-ycar-old daughter.
<"par claims, however, that he did not
frike Oalindo. 1 ut pushed the man awav
fn-rn him, b*>oan«e Oalindo had drawn a
knife and triod to Ftah him. Clear said:
"Whtn I naw Galindo with the little girl
] went up to him and said. "You move on j
row. I am a policeman, and you must get
out of .here,'
•Thrzt ho drew a knife on me and I ¦
pushed him away and he fell down on the
f-idewalk. After that I and Jack Hop- i
kins picked him up ar.d carried him over i
•to the lot across the street. Hopkins pot :
Fime whisky and poured It down his j
throat."
3*hat tallies also with George Wright's j
statement to the police. The boy realized j
li* 1 had made a mistake In his idemiflca- !
tion of Tom Cl^fir and early this morning !
he went to Chief Hodpkins and saM that j
Tom Clrar was not the man. The broth- j
? r> resemble oach other somewhat and
The police pay it was not a difficult mat
ter to mistake th^m.
Young Qear"a explanation does not eat
lsfjr the police, it fails to account for
The eeverf fracture of Gaiindo's nose.
¦which thp hospital surgeons declare must
have be«?n caused by a heavy blow. If. j
r.s Clear afserts, Galindo was merely
DAN CLEAR NOT TOM
GAUNDO'S ASSAILANT
Old Spaniard Dies at the Receiving Hospital
as Result of Injury Received by Fall.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1900.
THE MAN WHO MOVED HIS
HOUSE BODILY BECAUSE OF
NOISE.
Hardin, a local contractor, resid
ing at 1S05 Sherman street, has picked up
his abode and moved to the other ex
tremity of his lot. Several times Hardin
has sought to have the fist of the law
poked in the face of his noisy neighbor,
but he has never been able to accomplish
anything. So he decided that, as distance
lends enchantment, he would put a's much
distance between himself and the other
man as his limited area of real estate
would permit. He moved his house thirty
feet, and says that It will cost him $200
before he gets through with the Job.
ALAMEDA, Dec. 10.— Because he
could riot sleep well or at all,
nights, owing to the boisterous'
hilarity of his neighbors, J. T.
Mr. Hardin is a peace-loving, law-abid
ing citizen and a family man. He is the
proud father of four children. Occasion
ally he affiliates with the Salvation Army,
singing halMuJahs on the thoroughfares.
If there is anything he can't stand It 13
any unseemly noise, especially the species
of noise that la superinduced by the win©
that Is red.
Next door to Mr. Ha; din lives Domingo
Pessa. He has a large family. As his
name suggests, he is .-» son of Italy. H*»
makes a living by selling vegetables six
days in the week. On the seventh day
he likes to have a sooo time. He is as
fond of the music of the accordion and a
beaken of grape juice as his neighbor 13
of the Salvation Army. And Pessa is pop
ular among his countrymen. Sometimes
he has the whole Italian colony over for
dinner of a Sunday. Then they have a
great time. After dinner they "rolla da
ball." in the smooth back yard, accom
pany the accordion with their melodious
voices, and punish sundry "bots." In
short, they eat. drink and are merry.
Naturally these reunions are very dis
tasteful to a man like Mr. Hardin. who
remembers the Sabbath Day and keeps
It holy. Then they nave a tendency to
keep himself and family awake. Until he
moved his house it was quite close to that:
of the Pessas so that every sound could
be heard. Remonstrances. Mr. Hariln
found, were of no avail. He tried, the law.
and twice had Pessa arrested for disturb
ing the peace. But it did him no good,
for each time the defendant was on hand
with a lot of witnesses who could testify
to his good character as a citizen, and
Justice Morris would dismiss the case.
"It seemed to me that the only relief
could be got by moving my house." said
Mr. Hardin. as he was laying the new
brick foundation to-day. "Those Italians
kicked up such a rumpus that It was im
possible to sleep. This fellow Pessa
bought a lot of new wtne this summer
and he invites his friends over every Sun
day to help him get rii of it. It must
set them on fire like, for they holler like
Indians on the warpath. They've got
barrels of the stuff in the cellar now.
"Yes. sir, thr simplest way out of !t
was to move. It's cost me $200 to do It.
but I don't care for that. I've got as far
away from their place as T can get. After
I get mr foundation fixed I'm going to
build a fence fifteen feet high and grow
grapevines on it to keep as much noise
out as possible."
The home of the Pessa;" is somewhat
lacking in its appointments and It Is a
brave mnn who will venture Into it*
depths. The talking Is done with the In
mates from a saf» distance.
"Datta man nex* d^or. he much da
cranka." explained Mr. Pessa. when asked
to tell *bout his trouble with Hardin.
"No raaka so mucha da nof«ie he can no
sleep. He no Ilka da wine, datta all."
J. T. Hardin,. an Alameda Contractor, Does
Not Like Italian Manner of Entertaining.
MOVES HIS HOUSE
TO ESCAPE THE DIN
The court-martial of Captain Nieppert,
the National Guard officer accused of
making: a false parade report, was inaug
urated at: the Page-street Armory laat
night before Captain V. A. Smith, adju
tant of the Fifth , Regiment. The testi
mony given by members of his own com
pany was adverse to the accused man,
whose only hope ils now, according to his
brother officers, to escape being cashiered
Attorney, Z. U. Dodge represented Niep
pert. The case was put over until to
night to give the judge advocate time in
which to read the testimony. ; ¦•
Court-Martial of Nieppert.
Some unknown miscreants broke into
the Lafayette School some time on Sun
day nlpM and created general havoc In
the classrooms. Doorknobs were wrenched
off, windows smashed, clocks broken
books stolen, desks cut and the black
boards scribbled I over. So bad was the
damag-e that In some of the classrooms no
recitations were held yesterday. Truant
Officer Floyd is conducting an investiga
tion. The damage amounts to $200.
Lafayette School Damaged.
9
AD VEBTISEMENTS.
For HURRY-UP COOKING
is there anything to equal
bts I to
COMPANY'S EXTRACT
)OP BEEF.
CHORUS OF HOUSEWIVES!
ANSWERS "MA" 1
1000 shares of Pacific Crude Oil
Company's stock, operating In the
j&cKittrick and Sunset Districts,
now boring their second well, with
non-assessable stock, having been
incorporated under the laws of Ari-
zona, which provides (THAT PKI-
VATE PROPEETY IS EXEMPT
FROM CORPORATE DEBT) Arizona
law, 25c per share on easy terms.
On the 19th of November this
company struck a gusher on section
24-30-21.
Apply at the office of JAMES It. T.
MERSHON, Oil, Land and Stodc
Broker, 537-538-539 Parrott Bldg.
tlWl la IH
Cured While
You Sleep
In Fifteen Days
"Gwn-SolTenrdlMOlYW Stricture like «now be-
neath tbe nn. reduce* KnUr?ed Prostate »mt
•trenytheni the yetmnal Duct*, .topping Drain* and
Emissions In Fifteen Day*. ..,_„. ,«^_ •
No drnn to mln the stomach, but » alree* loea)
and posture application tothe entire nrethraJ tract
Gran-SolTent Is not a liquid. It U prepared la
tbe form of Crayon* or Pencils, smootfl and fleslbla
and to narrow as to pass tbe elosest Stricture.
Every Man Should Know Himself.
The St. James Asan.. Box 834. Cincinnati, Chat
system. which th*» will send «> any ffirr i
.uu-le applicant. ..;.. ¦¦¦*•*¦¦
St. James Assn.. 25O Elm »t.. Cincinnati. O.
Avimrr OH. JOHOAN'S oxmtS
OF ANATOMYf
A Qk iaa masci sr- w. titrx s.rcd. i
T .rjr The Largest Anatomic*! Muscmn m tbe \
m "]tf\ Voni Wokinet»«» a* any contracted m
i «^-l?W4 di*e*w pc^tl»»l7c»i»Jhy the oldtnt Y
9 #55 uJl spoons <* «** Com. 3s: 36 y»u». $
A fl§¥?| OR. JCSOJtf-PSTfATE DISEASES 0
\ VtitSl^B tOMuttttion frw» ind stn'tly prhra:* \
• A I iSC* flT T " i " nenl p"»onal*y or by Wier. A M
T a Tag /!»/¦.•• Cvrt in e«9ryciM>iiud:r>iken. T
Ar :i \\B> wneiotivMik.paiLo<»oTni(«»i
¥ • I j" atAstaiAciav. MtiLso rasa, uf
i A II' mliabia book lot men) \
gHrffrmifntftfrnfmmnfnFnrnfnfnrwmmnrmifrnfnniFnrwmmmmnrnfwmwmiiFK
g HP HE highest priced maga- r y^^^^M 1
5 — zine will not contain a i
ill more notable array of JlBHftSS |
| celebrated writers than will the %M^Wy 1
j| CAPTAIN SHRIMP. JEANNE'S VISIT TO ST. NICHOLAS. 3
By PAULINE BRADFORD MACKIE. By JESSIE JULIET KNOX.
% A LITTLE EMPTY STOCKING. HIS IDEAL CHRISTMAS. %
£= By JOHN STRANGE WINTER. By JUSTIN McCARTHY. 13
S A SHOT IN TIME. CHRISTMAS DAY IN ROME. if
El ' By GENERAL CHARLES KING. By MME SOPHIA BOMIPIANL j5
j| AN ANGEL UNAWARES. CHRISTMAS IN THE FATHERLAND. • 3
£ By MARION HARLAND. By COUNT ANDREW BERNSTAFR 3
S JACK REDMOND'S TREASURE. CHRISTMAS IN THE SAGEBRUSH. 3
By EDITH SESSIONS TUPPER. By ISABEL DARUNG. 3
% FULL-PAGE ILLUSTRATIONS BY THE SUNDAY CALL'S STAFF OF FAMOUS ARTISTS. 3
•t: Including METHFESSEL, DIXON. CAHILL. WARREN, BRADSHAW, KELLY. 3
BRONSTROP. THORNDYKE BORIEN and ROHRAND. 3
£ AND MANY OTHER NOTABLE FEATURES, INCLUDING =3
I "PECK'S BAD BOY GROWN UP." 1THE SAN FRANCISCO CAM,, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1900.
10
BAX FRAJTCISCO CAT.-.
BUSINESS OFFICE ot The Ban FrandBO*
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
tsnttl 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— £27 Montgomery ¦tre**.
corner Clay; open until 8:80 p. m.
IX* Hayes etreet; open until 9:89 p. m.
CSS McAUlstcr street : open until 9;S0 p. m.
C15 I_u-k!n street: open until »:S0 p. m.
1941 Mission street: open until 10 p. m.
1261 Market etreet, oorner Sixteenth; open
BOtU 8 p. m.
106 Eleventh street; op«a until • p. xn.
1096 Valencia street; op«n until 9 p. m.
Northwest oorner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Etrefts: open until 8 p. m.
MEETLAG SOTICE8.
REGULAB meeting of Yrrba 3uena PI
Ctiairtw of KnJchts Roee Crodx _- JJ, — ,
No. 1. TUESDAY EVENING. _ £$_ J
December 11. at S o'clock. In Com- U]
•nandery liali. Masonic Temple. /I
Decrees 15th, 16th aad 17th. VI
HENBY BURNER, U
Beoretarr.
GOLDnX GATE Lodge No. 80. r. aa* __
A. M.— Called m<»e::ns Tine iTUES-
I »AY) EVENIXO, at 7:JJ o'clock. I>. $• 7\X
By order of th* W. M. * ~
EDWIN' L. MEYER. Secretary.
CALH"OI_V1A Chapter No. 6. R. A- M-. ¦
w:U meet THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN>
IXG, Dec 13, at T:3J o'clock. M. M. jLJ\
degree. By order of the H, P. '»'
FRANKLIN IL DAY. Becretary.
THE aar-ual meeting of the stockholders of the
Nevada National Bank of San Frandioo, Cal.,
will he held at It* banking house, 301 Mont-
gomery ft-. S_s Francisco, Cal., on TUES-
DAY, January t, 1801. at 3:U o'clock p. m.,
for the election of directors to s«Tve for the
enru!_.r rear aad the Transactloa cf such
other business as Bay come before the xaeet-
tac. GDO. GRANT, Cashier.
San FVanelsoo. E-eoeicber g. lSOO.
AGEHfTS WANTED.
LACniS and gentlemea to eell perfumes: large
e&Ies during holiday*;; big profits: olty and
outside towns. 1ES2 Market st. room 1 opp.
Odd Fellows' buildlcg.
AGENTS ere mak'.ng » to $10 a day handling
our holiday books; big commlseioo: outfit
free. R- R. PATTERSON. 419 Montgomery.
S2C0 TO KM per month; raen er women; salary
cr coiamlysioa. iX Market st. room 616.
ASPHAL.TVM ROOKIAG.
3. PELTIER, aephalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired; postal. li*.{ Mission; tel. Folsom 160*.
.4JTROLOGT.
VsTc^jrOV^i^TJ^TJOR, Bdwitlflo Astrolo-
gur Free ccpy "The New Moon." TC5 Market
ATTORSEVS AT "LAW.
IL "W. KBTO. m Market St., eth floor, room 627
— Dstates, da-^g**, attachmects, bariknrptcy,
coilexTtionr ; all cases; fa.tr fees; no advance
charset; loans on estates. Tel. Howard 15ST.
.ADVICE fre-»; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collection*. G. W.
HOWE, _tty at law, (id Market, oor. Stockton.
I. EDW. JARHPTT. Beam bldg. Third and
Market rts.; phone Red t:e2.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. TV'.
\V. DAVIDSON. i27 Market Bt.. opp. Mason.
L S. CLARK. Emma Epreckejs bldg.. SIT Mar-
ket st. : consultation fre«: no fees in advance.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
T r.itc-1 Ftates. poftraid. for $1 per year.
BATH CAJJI3VI--TS.
ROBINSON, Niagara, Perfection and others. W.
S. BROWN CO.. ag<-ncy. C6 Ellis St.. 8. F.
BICVCLES— For Sale or Exchanec
BICYCLES at reduced prices: we are clearing
out our 15*00 models to make room for new
1P01 utock. Yoeemite Cycle Works, 1T22 Market
rtrsiarcss chaaces.
A— I45PO: saloon; estsfc. £0 years* doee to Chron-
icle Mis-, dock will invoice the price; lease:
place known as one of the beet-paying resorts
in this <1ty. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
*f4r*0 — CORNER ealoon on Davis rt. ; no Sunday
cr tiipfct work; rent $50: a flrst-class paying
rToposition. Incjuire R. G. WILKE, 2$ij
Keamy et-
$iOO— FOR tale— Saloon, one block north of
Market It.; under present ownership over a
doz^n years; reasonable rest; examine stock;
1 are chance. Partlculan R. G. WILKE. 26>*
Kearny Et.
A— $600; OORNER saloon oa Jackson et,; rent
$10; kept by present owner 7 years; good busi-
ness-clearing $1IC per month. P_ G. WTLKE,
Itifc Kearay 6t.
A — OYSTEIt depot: price SltOO: plaoa doing a
large burlnesE. mostlv wholeeale; each trade;
not les? than $2^3 rront per month; fullest ln-
vcftlir&tion solicited. Particulars R. G.
WILKE, 264 Kearny st.
A — $700: SALOOX and lunch houw; eurrounded
by wholesale boufes and machine shops; es-
tablished years; rent $20; fplenCld offer. Call
It G. WJLKE. 164 Kearny et
A— JtTiO; ONE-HALF interest 5a good paying
re&ta.ur*u~t on K.eamy et. : a first-class prop-
osition for the rig^ht party. R. G. WILKE,
:••¦ , Kearny et
A— III :-:«0; BAKERY, corner. !n Western Add.;
eftab. cia—y years; 4 horses, wagon, etc.; bak-
ing 4 barrels per day; I living rooms, bath;
rent JCO; 5 years' leaee; death of owner cau*e
ol sa>. R. G. 1VILKB, 2Vn Kearny et.
A HALF-INTEPXST In an old eetablished
laundry; horse e_nd wagon; price $500; a first-
clust" paying business; or will sell one-third
interest at the same price and invest the
mo-py Jcr machinery- Call R> G^ WILKE,
2CVfc Ke-ircy st.
MARION* GRIFFIN. 719 Market St.
Branch baker;- ; 6 Mvlnr rooms; rent $15.. JJ£O
Book rtnre; income S5OG; one-third profit.. 1600
Delicatessen; ck-arlng $130 month 5P<t
Wholesale liquor store; esub. IS years... SSCO
Water front ealoons, $750 and..... 500
OLE>- ESTABLISHED and well-paying corner
grocery and bar; excellently iocated: well
ttocked; comr^'ely furnished with all mod-
ern fixture*" prrtalnlns to the business; sell-
'rg for or— >-h— If its actual value. M. A.
EROOK8. 12 Golden Gate are.
A — WANTED, a good tenant for grand oorner
rtort end basement with fixtures suitable for
rrocwy busires*.; special inducements. Ap-
ply A. M. SPECK tc CXX. CS7 Market et.
IF you want to buy. Bell or exchange anything
c-a earth see E. J. LUXDIX, 9S5 Market Bt.
$250— GOOD paying restaurant; a sacrifice;
worth double the amount; elckneES cause of
sale. FLOIi.ES CO., 1016 Market St.. rm. 10.
A — BAKERY, delicatessen, candles, etc.; nice
place lor man and wife; full value 5225. Four-
teenth and Ptralta sts.. Oakland.
FRVIT and cigar store; $550; snap; clears $100
a month; reason for selling, owner 111.
BERRY. 4Z," Xinth Bt.. Oakland.
FOR sale— Laundry la good running order; has
good trade; rrice fHW; owner has other In-
tcrertg. Bcx €C1. Call.
WANTED — Paying- business that can stand in-
spection: not above $500. Bcx 711. Call of flea.
PRINTERS, take nctlce-«550 will buy a fine
cutflt. JOHN W. BRACE. SP< Market, r. 7-8.
FINE restaurant ; central location; big bus. bon-
ton: cheap rent; paying. S27 Market r. <15.
NINETY her.s for sale at Mo each; one and
two years old. S21 Forty-fifth •*_, Oakland.
FOH sale on account of rlcki-ess. oyster, fruit
and notion store. 1100 Golden Oate ave.
I-CHAIR. furnished barber-shop to let; rent
fl2. SE. cor. Turk and Scott sts.
TWO-CHAIR tc barber shop cheap at SS6»4
Howard ct. Inquire at 206 Langton St., after
6 p. m.
TVAN'JJLd— To buy laundry route, with good
horse and wagon. Inquire M. W1NTIIER, 639
Howard rt.
TOCXG man wants lady or ireatleman partner-
%GX-; legitimate bnsl-ess. Box 238. Call ofD.ce.
FIRST-CLASS ealoon for sale; on account of
drath; $1SOO. Cell I'!. Fell st.
RE?TAl."ltANT doinK a sood business for sale-
a good chance for man and wl*> with family;
furniture all new; give a trial for week or
more; liest location. Box 4G7, Call of flee.
A— «4V0; I1REWT.RT and bottling works; own"
er ha* other business; cannot attend to both-
will Bell half or whole. See owner, 605 Battery'
BICYCLE shop, cycler}-, machinery, etc. for
e*le; best town on this coast; account of
s=ickne«E; sacrificed 1800. Box e&S. Call.
RESTACRANT for eale. with leave; rood pay-
Ing business; -safe, cash register, etc.; open
for lnsj«ctlon. 135 Ellis «t.
LAUNUUT route; good paying route; borne,
waj-xm and harnefcs. Inquire 1X£J Mission et.
CORNER grocer}' and bar. cheap; fine stock;
s bargain. Apply SO Lily ave.
A BAKERY, delicatessen aad confectionery
store; J2C0. 848 HoTrard st -.-/ '.
CANDT. book and stationery store, $S50. 2174
O'Farrell st •
BAKERY— Business corner, oven, fixtures, to
let: 24th & Guerrero. Owner, 128 Chattanoogra.
A NO. 1 restaurant and coCTea^ parlor for sale.
Call at 419 Kearcy et
KO. 1 city retail bnslnees for sale; a ba rgaln;
fullest investigation. Box . 450. Call.
FINE chance for shoemaker* old stand to let
cfct-a i:tl Twenty-Xoorth it. -«
I.ODGING-HOl'SES FOR SALE.
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market nr. Call bldg.
78 rooms, clears $175, fine location $2600
' rooms, central, rent $30, bargain 175
tS rooms, 'elegant furniture, two en-
trances, a first-class transient house.... 8000
14 rooms, sickness, rent $35, snap 600
£3 rooms, offices, new furniture, rent only
$75; A No. 1 location; worth $2500 1S0O
St rms., rent $115. new house, new turn.; 2600
12 rooms, rent $45, fine furniture, pood
carpets, house always full, good location 750
34 rooms, put $133 In bank In November.. 2300
16 rooms, N. of Mkt., rent $65, clears $64. 890
60 rooms, rent $100, guaranteed full 3200
65 rooms, reduced from $5000, owner sick. 3500
MONEY loaned on lodging-houses, 1H P- c.;
anything you want in lodging-houses; s'mpls;
87 rooms; on Powell st; rent $175; price.. $1900
J4 roomc; on Leavenworth; rent $125; price 1900
18 rooms; on eunny t*lde; rent $25; price.. 750
7 rooms; on Geary Bt.; rent $40; prlge 450
Good paying restaurant, near Hall of Justice,
for eale or exchange for lodging-house; 17
rooms in center of Oakland, with front block,
lawn, palms, flowers, roses, no work, full of
teachers. Income $S5, ' price S1E0O, half each,
rent $82; a $450 piano for $200.
For quick eales list your houses with A. L.
•yTTLLEY. 916 Market Bt; phone Black E21fi.
A FEW BARGAINS— 600 houses to select from;
money loaned to buyers.
16 rooms; rent $65; dears $50 a mo.i price. $800
$< rooms; rent $175; clears $115 mo.; price. $2000
14 rooms- rent *>0; pays $S5 a mo.; price.. .$1000
41 rooms; rent $C0; profitable: price $1100
SCirWEJINHARX).
Rooms It, No. WT Market St.. bet 6th & 6th.
ALL the latest barcalns come to us.
From 6 to £00 rooms. $125 to $28,000.
1000 houses to choose from; fair and honest
treatment; some first-class family hotels In
•Jl locations.
We asslf-t you half the pcrchase money;
cash or easy terms. HAYES it. WILSON',
tZS Market st (The Elite).
A— 22-ROQM house; central ...S1000
30-room house; flrst-class ...- , 1050
11-room house; $476; 6-room fat. 325
80-room house; Eddy: rent $16: only 900
FISHER & CO., lOSt Market St.
SNAP— 11 rooms, furnished; dears $25 per mo.|
only $125. FISHER & CO., 10S2 Market st
R. H. WINSTON A CO.. 1028 Market st
31 rooms; rent $55: make offer $750
6J rooms* chf-ap rent; only 2100
M rooms; corner; elevator —....6oOQ
100 rooms; rew; modern; part cash.
fO ROOMS; r-rat $150 $2*500
12 rooms; nicely furnished 9<X
100 rooms; elegant furniture 6000
Will loan from $100 up at 1»4 per oent
DA VIS &. RITES, r. 69. 916 Mkt st
I"OR sale — Lodcing-hrmse of 38 rooms; well fur-
nished. E49 Howard St.. near Second.
OAIIRIAGES A>'D WAGONS.
COLCMBUS BUGGY -CO.. clearance sale; Yow-
Wheel, rubbr-tlre road wagon, $S0; other
styles Bt proportionately low prices; suitable
Xmas presents. Maria, nr. 9th., opp. St. Xich.
ALL kinds ot wagons, buggies, carts, harness.
eto.. cheap. EGAK & SON. 2117 Mission et.
GOOD 2-horse delivery top wagon for sale
cheap. Inaulre 1122 Noe 6t. near 84th.
FOR Bile — 2 waffle wairons. hort>e and harness;
worth t70O. ZIPS Mason St.. rear.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, ulng-le, also light
camping wagon, for Bale cheap. . 532 Mission.
NEW A. td-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ness, work & driving; horses. 15th & Valencia.
SPIRITUALISM.
ual medium; advice in all affairs of life, law-
suits, divorces, deaths; unites the separated;
mining a specialty; clrs. Sun., Wed., Fri. ev's;
come and be convinced. Permanently located
£13 Eddy St., bet. Hyde and Larl-n; no sign.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, lest, business . me-
dium and life reader; also medical clairvoy-
ant; treats all diseases at office or by letter;
BlUlngs. $1. 1164 OFarrell Bt; take Ellis car.
i MRS. HARLAND'S test circle to-nlsrht, also
"Wed.. 10c; spirit prophecies dally. 143 Sixth.
! C. Mayo-Bteers, 112 5 j Oak, spiritual medium;
j readings, $1; hours 1-5 p. in.; tel. Howard 627.
! EARLE — Marvelous occult demonstrations to-
nlght. SQ5 Taylor St., corner Ellis; S5c
REMOVED— Mme. Young's test circle to-night
COG McAllister; lOo; come, skeptics.
MRS. M. BIRD: meeting to-night; article read-
! lnrs to-nigtit and Thursday nlrht. 2SS Taylor.
i _TRS. DTJNHAM. 14 McAllister St., room 35;
j circles 2 and S p. m.; fitting* daily.
j MME. MAJORS, gifted *«p!ritual medium,
I healer and card reader. 146 Eddy st
j EDW. EARLE. slate writer, removed 300 nil's.
I cor. Taylor; Sunday night Pythian Castle.
j FRIENDSHIP Hall. 325 McAllister-Mrs. C. J.
j Meyer, sittings: convinclnjr tests to-night; 10c.
1 *******~********' -***** ~"*~ *******~*********************** ***************
CLAIHVOVAISTS.
CONSULT BANDERS for health and fortune.
Consult SANDERS for spiritual development
Consult BANDERS for wedded bliss.
Consult SANDERS for Biblical interpretation.
Consult SANDERS for lucky days & numbers.
Consult SANDERS for lost property.
Consult SANDERS on all love affairs.
Consult SAXDERS and learn what to do.
Consult BANDERS for immediate rood luck.
Consult SANDERS reg-ardlngr oil and mining.
Circles Thursdays, 2 p. m. and
Fridays at 8 p. m., 25c.
Consult PANDERS dally at 6H Taylor Bt
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket st-. corner of Golden Gate ave., rooms 25
and ii; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction
I guaranteed by malL Send stamp for pamph-
let with special terms.
i MME. POBTEIt, wonderful clairvoyant & card
I reader, born with double veil— second sight;
j diagnoses disease with life reading; ladies GOc,
k gents $1; palm, and clalr. elt. $1 50. 126 Turk.
i MME. BERNARD reads life fluently; advice
Itlv^n In all affairs of life; satisfaction (ruar-
, anteed; 25c UP. 17 Third St., next Examiner.
! ISMAR, the Eryptlan sypey clairvoyant and
: palmist permanently located 114S Market, opp.
! 6th; private readings daily. 10 a. m. to S p. m.
i MME. ZEREDA, the gypsy. Is the -freat palm-
. 1st and card r»ad»r; 25c. 7 Seventh Et
! PALMISTRY, card reading: articles read clalr-
j voyantly gratia. 733 Eddy, nr. Polk, no sign.
( MP^S. CAMERON, clairvoyant, card reader, me-
I dlum: 25c up. K3 Mission st, nr. 4th; ring b^lL
i MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader; past.
j present, future: 26c 143 Sixth St., room 14.
I MME. RENNER, clairvoyant, palmist, planet
reader, 25c;ladiesonly;German Epkn. 725 Ellis.
MME. HELMUTH, card reader, astrologist—
j Ladles, I&c; German spoken. 9SS Mission st
i MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1143 Mission.
' MRS. MELVILLE, well-known clairvoyant, wa-
ter reader, moved to 11 Sixth: German spoken.
, GYPSY: genuine clairvoyant; located 10 days 114
i Turk St. ; ladles, 25c; gents, BOc "Prawiey."
MME BYBILLE reads life; future husband's
photo; £>c; hours 8 to 12 a. m.
MME. SCHATFT'ER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 4i>M Jessie st.
j MRS. E. M. DUVAL. clairvoyant and business
medium. 215 Kearny st. rooms 8-10.
MME. RAVENNA readu life fluently: business
advice: names given: ;.tc vp. *6 Fourth st.
J CARPET IWATIXG AXD CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'B Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works. SSS-337 Tehama et. ; tel. South 4a
STANDARD. 813 Guerrero— Curtains and blan-
kets renovated. 25c per pair; carpets cleaned,
3c yd; laying a tpedalty. Phone Mission 108.
CARPETS cleaned at Sc per yard, laid at Sc.
STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 9M.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co., 240 Fourteenth st; tel. MtRSion 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-Be-atlng Works. O. H.
STEVENS, Mer.. 28-40 8th st; teL ' South 250.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating "Works, 333 Golden
Gate ave.; telephone East 128.
CHIROPODISTS. •
BUNIONS, Ingrown nails, corns, absolute cure.
palnle»x: consul' n free. r>r. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S .Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310. V27 Market St.
COTTAGES TO LET.
TWEXTT-FIFTH. 383J— Cottage of S rooms;
large yard; rent $8. » -
DE.VTIS1S.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC?^B09~Mar^
ket st.. cor. 4th. rm. 7, F*lood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 M up; plates, extractions free, $4 SO up; of-
fice hours, S a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays. 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. D.. Manager.
A— DISCOUNT of 20 per cent for 30 days on all
plates, crowns and brldgework. See our new
unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl, warranted
for 20 years; crowns, {3 B0; fillings. 60c; plates,
SS, full set: all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st
"MAIN Office" New York Dental Parlors, 1019
Market st., bet. Blxth and Seventh; consult
us on crowns and bridges; teeth extracted
positively and absolutely without pain.
PARIS Dental Parlor, J2S Kearny, cor. Bush—
. Pull sat of teeth, $i; crown*, $3; fllllnn, S60.
DENTISTS.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my won-
derful secret painless method; 20 years' ex-
perience; no students; advloe free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; ' lady attendants.
DR. GEORQg W. LEEK. 20 O'FaiTell st.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per 6et; extracting, 60c: gas given.
MODERN DENTAL' PARLORS. -.1206 Market
St.: expert extracting, crown and bridge work.
A. L. BIMPSON. D. D. 8.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" : evenings and Bun-
days. 1001 Market st., corner Sixth.
BET of teeth without plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNQ. 1841 Polk st.
DEPILATORY.
O. C. G— A Harmless liquid for permanently
removing superfluous hair; will not irritate,
burn nor poison the most delicate skln:asents
wanted. Ontario Chem. Co.. ag'cy. 426 EUlls.
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL DressmaklnrandMllllnery School}
patterns cut; evening class. 1019 Market st
ACCORDION pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
Ing, pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moftatt
DRESSMAKING; reasonable prices; dresses
made over; perfect fit. 387 Geary st
SKIRTS made latest style from $1 up. 187
Turk st
EDUCATIONAL. ~ ™
GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott Bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F,
Gallagher, expert oourt reporter, teacher of
shorthand: reportorial phrasing taught; prao-
tical bookkeeping; full course, $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post si.,
8. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
sruages, telegraphy, English branches, civil.
ele<-trical and mining engineering, «tori day
and night sessions; n«wS0-page catalogue free.
A— THE LYCBUM. an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medloal
colleges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
ATRES 1 Business College. 723 Market st.j day
and evening; individual instruction. $8 par
month; life scholarship, $30; bookkeeping,
shorthand, telegraphy, etc.; catalogue free,
ATTENTION!— Tan's pupils thorough book-
keeping figures- short time; college graduates
perfected: expert accounting. 220 Parrott bid.
MISS M. G. BARRETT, Shorthand Academy;
lessons by mall; acknowledged by ofilolal re-
porters best teacher, best system. 202 Montgy.
ALL students but two taking full count this
year grot positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESB COLLEGE. 1286 Market et
RNGINEERING. civil, elec., mining, meoh., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch. ; day. eve. ; est 1864.
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 983 Market.
-CUNSON, School Shorthand. Typing, Bookkeep-
ing, Spanish. 187 Mont'y. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
KENT Law School. 74S McAllister St.; day and
night; 'phone 'Jessie 10C6.
LEARN German In three months; $3 per month.
Y. M. C. A. building, 6th floor.
MR. and MRS. D. MANSFIELD, music studio,
violin, guitar, mandolin, banjo. 1S36 Eddy St.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTTNGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— Night class. 434 Pine st
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
eto.. day or eve. : $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
1 JAPANESE responsible houseclcanlng co.| est
' 1870; practical recommend: try them: removed
to 419 Devisadero: tel. Fell 136. !". HAM AD A.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; estab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
j 421 Post st, near Powell; telephone Bush 136.
ABC EMPLOYMENT Office; Chinese, Japan-
ft=r help fur. 544 California; phone James 2601.
JAPANESE and Chinese employment offlca;
best help. E?6 O'Farrell st: tel. Hyde 219L
RCLTABLB Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice; all kinds help. 815 Stockton: Main 6188.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. office— Best help
furn.; domestic i-erv. 417 Powell; tel. Bush 376.
ORPHEtTM Employment Office — Japanese. Chi-
nese help 426 Powell, nr. Sutter: tel. Black 0072.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Offlco—
Bost help. 411H O' Fan-ell st; tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
FIRST-CLABS Swedish cook desires situation'
best of ref. ; city or country. MISS CULLEN,
825 Eutter st
FRENCH nurse -with best of city ref.; Is a
good seamstress. MISS CULLEN, £25 Butter.
A— FIRST-CLASS German cook and German
eecotid girl, v«ry beet Eastern references, 7
years In last place, want places together,
olty or country. $30 and S2S. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Gear}' St., phone Grant 185.
J A WOMAN wishes to assist cooking and house-
work. Please call 409 Minna st. near Fifth.
A WO MAX wishes work by the day* washing
or assist with houpo cleaning; Jl and carfare.
157 Fourth St., door to the left.
SITUATION wanted by a competent woman to
I take cure of an invalid. 8 Hayea st
i YOUNG lady wishes situation to take care of
I baby or assiRt In light housework; no wash-
1 Ing. Apply 815 Minna Bt
I F1KST-CLASS cook, elegant baker, particularly
I clean and careful, thorough housekeeper. Ap-
! ply ">* HarrlBon St. »
i RELIABLE woman wants work; good cook;
; wages $20. 1163 Market St.
; MIDDLE-AGED American woman wishes a
1 place to work; more of a home than wages*
I girl of 11 years with her. Address box ~i2Z,
; Call, office.
; STRONG, reliable Danish girl wishes a place
! to do housecleanlnt or vraehine; by the day;
j very chear>. Call or address 7 Do Boom st..
I off Second.
; ELDERLY lady wants to assist In email prl-
I vate family; object good home more than
¦wages. 1 Billings place, off Filbert, between
i Sansonr.e and Montgomery.
• SITUATION wanted— By . a young German
j woman aa restaurant or boarding-house cook;
experienced short order cook. Call 817 Mis-
sion st. .
MIDDLE-AGBD lady desires a position in re-
flned American family as seamstress; la a
fine dressmaker. Address Mrs. G. W. M.,
P49 Mission «t.
! WOMAN -wants work by the day, housecieanlng
I and washing. 550 Mission st.
GERMAN girl wants a place In a Jewish fam-
ily to do housework. Please call 115 Juniper.
SITUATION wanted (chambermaid). Call 244
Taylor st.
MEAT and pastry cook, colored, would ltka
place in city; female; rood rrferenoe. Box
725. Call. -
'WOMAN wishes situation to do or assist in
housework; email wages; good home. 427
Fell St. ¦ . ¦ - ¦ ....
GOOD, reliable woman wants a position by
the day or week; general work and plain
cooking or sweeping and washing. Address
box 2, Call branch office, 800 Hayes st.
EXPERIENCED dressmaker wishes a few
more engagements by the day or take work
home. Call or address S54V& Stevenson st.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 26c to $1 60 night. $1 50 to $8
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
snd baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
I subscriptions has been established at 1086
I , Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
EXPERIENCED office man wishes situation as
bookkeeper, accountant or other office work;
security Eivon if wanted. A. B. box 722, Call.
"WANTED — Position as fireman; on stationary
plant preferred. €61% Minna st...
GOOD man cook wishes situation: French
English, German coolrlng. 264V6 Minna st.
MR. BODDCHTL.
YOUNG man wants position where he can learn
to tend bar. Address box 714, Call office.
BY experienced, reliable male 'stenographer,
with knowledse of bookkeeping; can corres-
pond in Swedish and Norwegian; reasonable
salary; references. Box 724, Call. - ,
WANTED— An energetic, reliable young man
of some business experience, is desirous of ob-
taining: a position as office or stock clerk In
a wholesale house; references from present
employer; moderate wages. A. J.. box 2061,
Call. ¦ \
YOUNG man desires work of any kind; wages
..no object; country preferred. Box 726. Call.
CHEMIST of wide experience In manufactur-
ing will > furnish > Instructions for making
anything desired.. Chemist box 648, - Call.
EXPERIENCED young man desires employ-
ment; stenographer and bookkeeper; refer-
ences furnished. • Address bcx 677,. Call. ..
RETIRED minister, competent for any - bUBl^
ness, wishes situation as responsible cashier
manager, collector or . to have - charge of
.rooms; satisfactory references given. Ad-
dreys box 628. CalL
AN all around hardware man of ' many years*
- - experience would like a < position where he
' can be of ' service with some hardware or
general merchandise store: • city or country,
Addr*w room 28,_J$.«fc J_flfot|i,
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
WAITER (German); experienced, wishes situa-
tion; city or country. Address box 710. CalL
MIDDLE-AGED man wants position to do gen-
eral housework or as man about place, gar-
! dener, porter or watchman; good orchardlst
L, L. NYLANDER, 1208 Market St., cor. 8th.
YOUNG man who' knows ths oity thoroughly
and can give best of references would like
position as delivery man or coachman. Box
471. Call office. -
SITUATION wanted— A good cake baker, fore-
man (at present employed), will change if a
better Job Is offered; willing to go short dls-
tanee in country. Address box 663. Call.
MILKERS, separators and flrst-class cheese
and butter makers want work; city or coun-
try. Milkers' Union of California, 626 Mont-
gomery Bt.
MIDDLE-AGED choreman. sober and indus-
trious, desires work of any kind. Box 469,
Call office.
JAPANESE) first-class laundry man wants sit-
uation; work by the day. GEORGE ISHITA.
10* Eleventh st, telephone Folsom 188. .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement! and
' subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
\ •'^¦i" FLATS TO LET.
Ar-STJNNY I rooms; Just renovated! bath)
dreeser; tie. 13H Green St., near Polk.
APPLY 2300 Sutter St.: rarely beautiful «unny
flat, S large rooms, $22 SO; water free.
ELGIN PARK, 38. near Thirteenth st—4 suany
rooms, laundry; partly furnished. -
iy you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
NEW sunny upper fiat, 7 rooms and bath; all
modern Improvements. 19 Laussat ave.
TO let— At $11 each. 4 fine flats on Folsom St.,
opposite Columbia Square, between Sixth and
Seventh sts., by JOHN PFORR, 403 Pine st.
$7— 4-ROOM flats on Victor st. off Bryant, bet.
7th and 8th. Inquire at rrocery. "41 Bryant.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
TTnlted State" or Canada one year for $1.
FLATS TO LET FUR.XISHHD.
TI*Mf, 4 rooms, neatly furnished, reasonable.
2 Keppler court, off Mason et. ; apply Raoloa
Saloon, E01 Post st •
HERMANN, 43, nr. Valencia— Furnished, cop-
tier flat of 4 rooms, with bath, $1S.
FOR «ale— Bargain; elegant furniture of coraar
6-room flat; departure, 411C Van Ness av*.
FCRXITCRH FOR. SALE.
FURNITURE in B rooms for eal* cheap at
473 Jessie st.
FOR sale — Walnut bedroom set. at 2022 Vaa
Ness ava.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak $4$ 60. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market
KlIIlJVITUItKJ WASTED.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market st. ; teL Jessie 7«1.
TO receive highest value for furn., carpets, etc,
b«« W. E. CODY. 757 Mission, tel. Red XtlK
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mist-ton St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 1S05 Larkin;teL Folk631.
furniture A: furn'd houses bought: spot cash.
1IKLP WANTED — FEMALE. *
A WAITRESS, railroad eating house, Nevada,
fare hera $25
Head waitress, city 323
Cook. American family v ....$30
2 German cooks $35 and $30
Housework, BelrAont $23
Housework. Healdsburg .. .....$23
Housework, .Berkeley ....$25
Housework, Ban Jose.... .$25
Housework, Alameda _r,._> $25
And several others.
French chambermaid !25
4 second girls $25 and $2(1
10 chambermaids and waitresses, city and
country $20 and $25
MISS CULLEN. 325 Butter st
A— C. R» HANSEN & CO.. PHONE GRANT 1S5
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
• 8 waitresses, country, S20: 2 waitresses.
city, **0; restaurant waitresses, $6 and $7
week; 3 chambermaids to wait. $20; woman
cook, $20; plain Ironer, country hotel, $20, and
many others.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Waitress for private family, with first-class
references, $25, see party here at 10 o'clock;
houBegirl, Swedish or German (2 In family),
country, $30; CO others, city and country;
nurse girl (good home). C. R. IIANSEN Sc
CO., 104 Geary Bt. . -*'
NEAT girl for light second work and care chil-
dren: city references; $15. C. R. HANSBN
& CO.. 104 Geary st
WANTED — A conscientious woman, capable of
taking charge of business and dtr*-ctlns em-
ployes: must have references. Address Re-
sponsible, box 717, Call office.
BRIGHT, energetic young lady. to handle stock
of a well-known corporation; can make good
wbrpb. B. BCHAPIBO, 1018 Market st.
WANTED— German woman living In the Mis-
sion to take home washing. Call 2334 How-
ard st.. bet 10 and M a. m.
"WANTKD — Good German Catholic (rirl to as-
El-?t with housework; Wages $S and $10. Appry
125 Twenty-seventh st., bet. Guerrero and
Dolores.
YOUNG clrl for general housework In ¦ Ameri-
can family; wages 120. Inquire after 9 a. m.
at 712 Cola St., bet. Waller and Frederick.
"WANTED— Girl for general housework. Apply
1728 Fell st.
WANTED — First-class finisher on vests; also
apprentices; first-class pay. 956 Mission- st.
GIRL to learn tailoring; good sewer; paid
while learning. 273 Minna st, near Fourth.
WANTED — A trirl to do good German cooking
and downstairs work. 1601 Post st.
OPKRATORS on custom coats. BELASCO &
HARRIS CO.. 541 Market et. '
WANT first-class sljlrt hands. D. M. DAVTD-
SOX & CO.. 52 PirHt St.
AX experienced • bookkeeper; reference* 231
Powell st.
WANTED — A German girl to keep house for a
family of two: a good home; state wages ex-
pected. Box 71S, Call. '
RESTAURANT waitress wanted; $3 a week.
631 Clay st. ' /
YOUNG Protestant irlrl assist in ireneral house-
work; email family. ,611 Cole. St.. opp. Chutes.
GIRL for general housework and cooking;
waces $20 to $25. 671 Harrison st
YOUNG girl about 14 years to assist in light
housework. 22T5 Twenty-first Bt. ; call be-
tween 12 and 3 Tuesday.
YOUNG girl for light houseworki wajrea $S.
1924 Howard st -
SEWING machine operators wantnd at Lev!
Btrauss & Cb.'s factory. SS^ Fremont st
Apply to MR. DAVIS.
OPERATORS on shirts; best pay. BRENNER,
ULMAN CO.. 19 Battery st
WANTED — Middle-aged German woman or
girl for general housework and .\>laln cook-
In; In small family; no wash; good home. 103
Grove st
WASTED — Experienced and Inexperienced ap-
prentices on custom coats. 916 Market st..
room 82. sixth Moor.
WANTED— A cook and trlrl for second work;
call between 9 and 12. 2r3Z Jackson Bt.
FIRST-CLASS pants finisher wanted: good
' wages; steady work. ' 2229'4 Mission st.
GIRL wanted for light housework) wages $15.
1279 OTarrell st.
GOOD buttonhole maker wanted on custom
work; wages from $12 up. 509 Kearny st.. r. 2.
MIDDLE-AGED lady to assist; light housework
and'chlldren. 106 Hayes st.
FINISHERS on vests; steady work;good pay.
EELASCO & HARRIS CO.. 541 Market st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at KV-6
¦ Valencia Bt. - ' ¦
HELP WANTED—aiALE.
AT C. rThANSEN & CO. 'S...... 104 Geary st
,.r... HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Meat cock, country hotel, $T>0 and fare ad-
vanced; waiter, country hotel. $25; restaurant
cook. $50; washer, hand laundry, country
hotel $30; man 'and -wife to wash and Iron,
hotel laundry, country, • $45. C. R. HANSEN
& CO.. 104 Geary st.
A— BARTELO LORENZO, 1 the stone maeon
foreman, please eall.. a R. HANSEN & CXX,
104 Geary st. .
A— CORRESPONDENT for .wholesale house;
, must be familiar with canned fruit trade and
California products generally; good salary.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary «t :
A— CARPENTERS 2 cabinet makers, 4 bench
hands. 1 sticker hand. Mechanics' Registra-
\ tlon . Bureau, 410 Kearny t St., room 9 ; non-
union mechanics please register; new Jobs
- dally; no office fees. Tel. Main S8S4. ..->-',
BARBER shop in desirable locality; downtown,
near City • Hall; rood steady and transient
HELP AVAXTED— 3IALE.
A— MURRAY & READY.. .....Phone Main B848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
Farmers and wives, $40; carriage painter,
ranch hands and teamsters, $20 and $26 and
found; 150 woodchoppers. and tlemakers, $1
to $3 cord and 9o to 12c on some places, tools
. and provisions advanced; boy to address en-
velopes, etc.: office boy.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
. Cook and wife, country hotel; head waiter,
club; chef cook, country club, $50 and found;
cooks, $30 to $50 and found; waiter, cook short
orders, $9 week; night cook; baker, country
shop; pot washer; laundryman. MURRAY, &
READY. 634-636 Clay Bt ¦
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment H. Bernard. Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
WANTED— Experienced fitters; must be sober
and intelligent; no others need apply. WELS-
BACH CO.. 140 Ellis st ¦
PENSIONS— J. H. Shepard St Co., old reliable
firm, 806 Markat, room 40. Phelao building.
WANTED— Hot-air heater men* Royal Haat-
lng Co.. 210 Mason st - -
EXPERIENCED fur cutter. IX PACKE0R.X,
furrier. 318 Leavenworth st. '¦
MSN to learn barber trade! T41A Howard s4l.
5 F. Barber School.
TWO small colored boya. 827 Market s_. room
423.
WANTED— Handy boy to learn a tra-e. Pa-
clflo Trunk and Bag Co., IIS Minna »*.
YOUNG man wanted to learn the barber trade*
easy terms. 713 Mission st
BARBER every afternoon, Saturday and Sun--
day; wagea $8. 182} Stockton st ¦
BARBERS— A good 4-chalr shop for sal« at ft
bargain. Apply at 902 Larkln st. »
GOOD-PAYING barber shop for sale. ZOO Poww
ell Bt
MAN wanted with small capital: light wor_{
can make $65 a month: experience not ro>
quired. Apply at 1016 Market st, room 10.-
MEN wanted to learn barber trade j*only eight
weeks required; position guaranteed : special
Inducements; catalogue free, l.fOLER'8
BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay t
WANTED— A German to work in a coal yard,
1789 Waller st
WANTED— Flrat-olass) boy between W and 1$.
Apply 7:E0 a. m.. R. N. WOOD CO.. 718 Mar-
ket st
OPERATORS. and tailors on coat*. BEJ-ASCO
6 HARRIS CO., E41 Market st
WANTED— Bootblack; good wares and. found.
1043 McAllister BC
WAXTED-Rellable man to sell high-grade
calendars. 10a Ellis st. room 88.
AJf experienced knife cutter. 831 Powell at.
WArrgR, wanted at -560 Howard st.
WAJTrgP— Walter. 1T-19 Ppwefl »_
WANTTEP—DlshwaHher. 1024 Hyde st.
GOOD bootblack wanted; good plaoa for good
man. 607 Lacuna et.
WANTED— A night cashier-; an all-around
man. 29 Stockton st.
LIKE to buy a 2-chalr second-hand barber out-
fit. Box 12. Antloch. Contra Costa County.
WANTED— Recruits for the Marine Corps, U.
S. Navy, able bodied unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet
1 inch in height; able to read, wrlto and
epeak English. For further information ap-
ply at the Marine Recruiting: Office, 40 Ellis
street. San Francisco. Cal.
"WANTED — Good milk bread baker to work on
oven. 1139 Folsom st.
! WANTED— 100 men to take rooms, 10c, 15c and
I 20a Boston HousdJ 930 Howard st,
GET your ehoes half-sole.l while waiting; 23-2
to bOc. E62 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— A place to stop for the winter— This
can be found at the Adams House, 619 Sacra-
mento St., near Montgomery; one of the few
respectable houses where countrymen coming
to the city can find nice, clean cheap, well-
ventllated rooms. A. McCREERT, Prop.
WANTED— Laborers an'd mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Dfnver House. 217 Third st. : 150 large
rooms; 25c per night: Jl to $2 per week.
BOY drive wagon, help grocery and bar; $3
wsek. Box 670, Call office.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly da maced. half
price. 562 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
COATMAKER fOT country. Apply REIS3
BROS., 24 Sutter st.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order, $1 per week, at
cash price*.. N. Y. Tailoring Co., 115 Kearny.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms, 25c night; reading- rooms; free
'bus and baggajre to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Fubscriptlons has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
HEMORRHOIDS.
ANY case of Piles, Piles, Piles, Piles; over 300
permanent cures amonc business men of San
Francisco alone; men who can be Interviewed;
no surgery, salves or ointments; no Interfer-
ence with business during treatment For fur-
ther particulars add. Physician, box 1950, Call.
HOUSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc— For Sale
40 HORSES* for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
S27 Sixth st: auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FOR sale— One large full blood Durham cow;
will calf In a few days; fine milker. Apply
635 Utah st.
YOUNG horse and cart for sale 'cheap. 343
Lisbon St., j near China ave.
HOR3E clipping by experienced men; best work;
ohpar> prices. DALZIEL. 605 Golden Gate ave.
HOUSES TO LfcT.
A^P^INT*EDTlS^T"H^UMs^torieT; Vend for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
TENTH. 321- — 4 large rooms and basement; rent
cheap ; 1 arc* yard. .
HYPNOTISM.
PROP. RAYMoTfi^triotiy reliable: teaches
hypnotism in flve lessons for $5. 997 Market st.
INVALID CHAIRS AXD TKKJYCLK3.
BOLD and rented; manfr. of the Eames tricycle
chair. EAMES Tricycle Co.. 2100 Market at.
LOST — Saturday afternoon, going* from Safa
Deposit building to White House, via Mont-
gomery and Post sts., a pasteboard box con-
taining: a diamond-opal butterfly pin. dia-
mond crescent pin, diamond and topaz belt
buckle, a* miniature pin, opal and diamond
pin set with emeralds, 8 diamond stickpins,
canary and 2 white diamonds in ring, sap-
phire and diamond marquise ring, emerald
and diamond ring, 2 pairs diamond earrings,
screws, and other pieces of Jewelry; $250 will
bo paid for th» return of the Jewelry or Infor-
mation leading to. Its . reoovery. JOHN S.
WOOD. Shreve's Jewelry store. Market st
IXDST— In vicinity of 'Washington st- and Van
Ness ave., late Monday afternoon, December
10, a turquoise star pin with pearl center,
hung as a locket on flue gold chain; liberal
reward. 2114 Vallajo Bt ¦
LOST — Brown horse; weighs 1300 lbs.; has a
barb-wire cut on front foot: suitable reward.
Return to the Emporium Horse Market, 220
Valencia st. ¦ -
LOST— Saturday, small female monkey from
Hotel St. Nicholas. Return to above address
and receive suitable reward.
LOST— Saratoga Hall last Saturday night, fur
cape; no questions asked; very fine reward.
Return MltS^ HSNDRICKSON. 245 Steuart.
LOST — Black-and-white greyhound bitch. Re-
turn to 3381 Mission st. and receive reward.
LOST— White and brlndle greyhound;' reward.
B. G. VALLON, 693 San Bruno ave., \ cor. 18th.
.MEDICAL. ~"
MllS~l>R71rYE^7^Iat^
¦ successful practice: guaranteed treatment at
office. $5; any ailment; home for patients; con-
sult free. 942 Post st, bet. Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. DR. KOHL, 8»7 Market «t, corner
Sixth— Safe and reliable ladles' physician-
treatment. $5; positive cure guaranteed; when
others fail consult, free, MRS. DR. KOHL.
DR. AND MRS. DA VIES, 122S Market— Ladies'
specialists; 82 years' practice; positive cure
guarant^od; ladles treated carj return same
¦day; HINDOO HERB home curer. stamps cir.
DRS. GOODWIN, 1007!i Market, expert on dls-
eases of women; 15 years' practice In S. F., a
cure guaranteed; $5 at office; have cured thou-
sands of cases; unexcelled success; see free.
MRS. DR. FALLEN, 1035 Market— Ladles' spe-
clallst ; safe and sure cure. $5 : best care; low
fees; when all others fall consult free.
DR. POPPER, specialist for 87 years for female
troubles. 323 Kearny Bt. : call and see me.
DR. WISE, the ladies' l-peclallst, 1118 Market
•street ¦. .¦••¦•¦'<¦ * . . .
MRS. DR. GWYER. ladies' specialist; home
for patients. 604 Eddy st
DR.' NG TOT . 13TE3 cures disease by herbs;
, ; -dvlca ts%%. ?M,B»craguyt9 »ki nwgeanny
MIXES AXD MINING.
CW'ashlngton) copper stock ap-
peals to an classes; the conservative Investor
buys It because, he Is convinced It will yield
him a good profit on his money; tha stock
speculator buys It because he regards it as a
"sura thing.** and It Is; a man make- no
mistake putting his money Into MontiMmma
copper at 4*ie; maps and or« at out office.
THE AMERICAN GUARANTY- AND TRUST
CO.. selling agents. S10 Safe Deposit building.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SAI_w.
BOILERS * Engines. 2d-hand machlriery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, naw and second-hand; we> always
have a large stock »f saloon outfits on hand;
82 complete outfits on one floor, ready made;
we can ship everything In 24 hours. J.
NOONAN. 1017, 1019. 10*0. 1023 Mission St.,
above Sixth; write for catalogue-
BUY a brand new typewrlt.« r for $3 down and
S3 per month; write for catalogue and price.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE, 409 California
St.; rentals, new machines, $3 por month.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 218 Bpear st.
FOR sale — Twelve-pound stael T rails, with
fishplates and bolts; good as naw. RAILS.
box tfTS, Call office.
S COLLIES for pal©: finest breeding: priza-win-
nere: sacrifice; 1 male, S female—. 7. A.
ROWSSLL, Ban Lftandro.
engine, boiler, two-drill
air compressors, JARDINE'S, 220 Fremont St.
$18 — DOMESTIC sewing machine'; 7 drawers;
good order; complete. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
AN aermotor windmill and 2 large tanks for
sale cheap. F. L. BABIN. HI Kearny st
FOR sftle— A large Saratoga trunk; well pre-
served; price $10. 872 Clementina st
BICYCLE, gent's wheel, nearly new, cheap.
Box 674, Call office.
r*B— SEALSKIN eapa. 121 Pot st-. roo-a 17.
BLUE gum piles for sale. Apply PAUL KET-
EER. 206 Clay St.
40 H. P. COMPOUND steam engine, complete,
cheap. H. B. WHITE. 514-51S-318 Mission st.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and wood
planers, lathes; 2d-hand. J. Burke. Hi Beale.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KEOGH Mfg. Co.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern goods
bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery st
10-TON Fairbanks scale and fire and burglar
proof safe. Z1S California st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO., 417-433 Sacramento st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand; moving
pictures. BULLARD A BRECK. 1S1 Post st_
¦JAKES— New and second-hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 103-111 Market St.. San Fran.
ailSCELLAXKOTJS TV'AXTS.
WANTED^Ba^ramento Union March JO, 1S51 to
May S, 1854; Sacramento Bee August 2. 1*50.
to January 1, 1S78; quote price on all or any
numbers. W. F. PURNELL, Sacramento,
Cal.
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bought A
sold. Sllverman, 9S4 Folsom; tel. Fols<im 1191.
KLEIN still pays best price for clothing, brie-
a-brao and books. 109 Sixth St.; tel. Jessie 141.
WANTED — Upright piano for cash. H. L.
WHITEHEAD. 1710 Market St.
S1OXEY /TO WAX.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back In installments or as a whole; If you
owe a balance on the purchase prloe we will
pay it and carry the loan as long as you de-
- elre; avoid red tape and publicity: see us
nrat: you wm be waited upon quietly and
quickly. Call £3-69 Donohoe bldg., 1170 Market.
AA— BEST ratea and easiest terms.
Second Mortgages ................
Interest in Estates
Undivided Interest in Real Estate
Financial problems of all sorts and sizes
solved by HERMAN MURPHY. 630 Market.
A— MONEY to loan at rates which peopla can
afford to pay on furniture, pianoe. etc ; do
not borrow of your friends or you will lose
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 9C6 Market st.
ANY amount at < per cent: 1st. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacle* bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN'. 34 Montgomery, r. J.
A>JY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first.
second mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
In estates, treacles, corporation loans, chattel
mortgagee, life Insurance. Room 16, first floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
. liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. S4S Market
St.; tel. Main. 1644. Branch 19 Third sk
A — $500,000 on city and country real estate and
estates; chattel mortgages; notes and collat-
erals. J. BROWNSTONE, 11 Montgomery st.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
hitrhest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount, lowest rates, on furniture, etc;
no removal, no commission; strictly confiden-
tial. Room 3, Conservatory bldg., 301 Jones.
CASH loaned on salaries. New York plan.
THE TOUSLET CO.. 221 Parrott bids;.
3% oa furniture and pianos: $15 up; no removal:
no commiseion; private. Room 81, 6 Eddy st.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. rm. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
LOANS. 1st or 2d xntgs; city, country: 6% undi-
vided Ints; estates. HARPER, $37 Parrott bid.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co.. 366 Parrott build-
ing; men can secure loans on personal note.
JIOO.K'O TO loan on real estate or for bulidlng:
low rate. Home Bldg. Co., 222 Sansome. rm :.
MONET to loan on furniture by private party;
low rate. 917 Market St., room 1.
ON furniture and pianos; no removal: confiden-
tial; on diamonds, etc. S3 Taylor st.
MONEYED lady seeks a cheap paylns; lodzlnr-
house. Address box 715. Call.
LADY loans money en pawn tickets; liberal.
Addrees box 763. Call.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral or in-
dorser. 3. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bid.
x MrSICAL IXSTnuJIE JfTS.
ANY person having use for a piano can be ac-
commodated at Sherman, Clay _; Co 's with,
easiest payments, lowest prices and most re-
liable makers to choose from. Each the best
of their grade, from Stelnway down. Priv-
ilege given to exchange medium and low-
priced pianos for a new Stelnway any tlma
within three years from date of purchase
Beautiful new uprights sold for $6 cash and
$« per month. We offer to sell some good
pianos for $3, Jl and *3 per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY & CO.. Stelnway dealers cor-
ner Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Francisco:
corner Broadway and Thirteenth st. Oak-
land.
"A8 HOLIDAY GIFTS." "
1 Emerson —._..._.,.. ,_^__^ - _, $55
Bonuntf ¦••¦•••«•¦••••••.«... .....,.». 10*}
Fisher •— — +*
Steinway ...".V."" 185
Chickerlng ... jgjj
Mason A Hamlln ."""* y>z
Heine & HalMt & Davis $323 to" 973
New pianoe, $149. can be exchang-ed any time
In S yeajrs. $6 down. SS per month; rent al-
lowed; o*v*"n «venln*"s
HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary st.
D7 you want a piano for $50. or $75. or $90 or 1
$100, or $150, or $175. or $200. coma and see' us- I
we have lots of bargains to-day. MATJVAIS .
769 Market st . ;
THE sale of Decker & Son and Packard planoa
during the past few weeks has been unpns-
cedented; we have still many styles for you ¦
to select from, tut don't, wait too long, as the /
holiday rush is close at hand. MAUVAI3
MUSIC CO.. 760 Market st ;
A— BYRON MAUZY'S. ~ 1
Holiday Bargains in Slightly . Used Pianos, i
Sohmer. nearly new ...............|4^0
• Byron Mauzy. nearly new. .................. 300 !
Decker & Son, walnut case 225
Stelnway & Sons 150
Weber ~..— 125
Bord „ SO
303-310-312 Post St.. opp. Union Square.
BARGAINS, pianos on storage almost givea
away; also car. fine npw pianos stored from
factory; must be sold at once to realize stor-
age and freight; installments: open evenings.
WILSON'S STORAGE CO.. 1710 Market st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S, 23,
23 and 30 O'Farrell st: pianoe, organs and
all other musical instruments of ail grades
andj prices: terms easy: prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
FINE list of slisrhtly used pianos. $135 up: easy
payments. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Far-
rell st; Chickerlng agency; Symphonion mu-
sic boxes; sheet music, etc.; open Saturday
evenings.
BARGAINS in pianoe— New and slightly used;
Steinway, Dewing. Chase pianos good as new;
half original prtca. THE J. DEWING COL
Flood buUdlns. ¦rJSgBHS
' *w **
3IUSICAL I.VSTUU.ME.VTS.
$150 Ton be-autLTul nprlght piano; S pedals:
standard make; or rent for $2 50 month. 343
Kearny st •
ALMOST new upright Stelnway ft Sohmer sac-
rificed: great bargains this month. BEUENN.
208 Post st
GENTLEMAN going to Manila must sacrifice
flno large upright piano. 419 Van Ness ava.
HIGH-GRADE piano*; Steck. Hardman, Con-
over & others. W. B. ALLEN* & CO.. 81i Post.
AT KEEFKETS. «33 Market st. 4 elegant up-
rlghts at your own price. Shonlnger agency.
GREAT many bargains In 2nd-hand nprightst
small Installments. Hornung. 213 McAllister.
BEST rent stock In city: new pianos, $3 per
month. SCOTT-CrRTAZ. 560 Hayes st
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 3 Latham placet
BARGAIN— Must be sold; nice uprlBht piano.
SCHMITZ. 18 McAllister st. next Hlo. Bank.
OIL.
ASPHALT for* sale: quantities to suit; will
contract delivery: our oil stock advances to 3o
share Deo. 10. JtTAXITA Oil. CO.. 500 Mont-
gomery St.; agents wanted on commission.
25 CENTS per share; any part of 2000 shares la
a dividend-paying oil company, now paying %
per cent per month. Moore, 933 Market, r. C
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ. 3S0 Pln» street.
MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGB.
Country correspondence solicited.
OIL LA.VDS FOR SALE.
KERN River Oil Land*— Proven territory la
tn« well-known tract of "Grace Oil Co." for
sale; also other oil land for sale or lease; most
wonderful oil field known; over 530 feet of oil
nandi buy from owners and save commissions;
have been In field from start; will give you
facts concerning any locality. NEWTON.
CARM-VN & SOMES. 101 Chronicle- bldg.. San
Francisco; 41S Douglas Block. Los Angeles;
Poathern Hotel. Bakersfleld.
PATEMS AND PENSIONS.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful.
GEO. I>. CAMPBELL. Lawyer. Examiner bl*.
PEItSONALS.
OWEN McCABE. Importer, dealer In feathers;
balr/jsaattress and pillow manufactory; old
leathers renovated and purified; all feather*
sold warranted well dressed with, my patent
•team renovator. $73 Mission. teL Jessta 1114.
MARRIED couple having no children wisn to
adopt a boy from 4 to 8 years. Box 718. Call.
MEXICAN Hair Grower stops the hair from
falling Immediately and restores gray hair to
its natural color; ladies, call and Investigate.
Mexican Lady, 143 Sixth «t_
IF ALBERT ELSET CARVER, who was re-
slding in and near Vancouver. Br.t!*h Co-
lumbia, daring tho years 1S31 to :-:-j and
afterward in California, and was last heard
of in Sonora. Calaveras County, in California.
about June. 1S9S. will apply to the- undersigned
he wlU'hear of something to his advantage.
WELLS & HIND. Solicitors. NotUsgham.
England.
MATTRESSES ANTJ PILLOW8. teL South 732^
made to order, renovated; honest worlc groar-
anteed; feathers and hair cleansed ; fine uphol-
stery; goods carefully packed for shipment or
storage. HOPKB DP>03.. flj and 820 llta st.
ELECTRIC light in every room — Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market; 700 rooms;
25c to $1 Sa per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the fsrry.
COTILLON leaders, ho! Aa imported novelty
In •'Favors" at an extremely low price. Ad-
dress box 642. Call of flea.
HAIR positively grown on bald heads by purely
vegetable compound; absolute proof. Call or
address PR. G. 3. MOORE. 483 Geary St.. 3. P.
SUITS to order on installments ; SIS upward: Jl
a week. LEON LEMOS, 1117 Market st^ be-
tween Sevraoth and Eighth.
WHITE enamel Iroa-beda. single, three-quarter
or double. $2 2S. EASTERN OUTSITTINQ
CO.. 1310-1312 Stocicton at., near Broadway.
FINE suits. $10; dress pants, $2 75. MI3FIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
A— $3 60 DERBT and Fedora hats. $1 7S. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 230 Kearny st-. near Pine.
ALL gentlemen wishing to marry wealthy ser.4
10c for latest list. MP.S. HERTZ. 706 Ellis ot.
FIGER'S sweepers are the best and cheapest:
all kinds repaired and for sale. 342 Sutter st.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 19
years' experience. J. B. RAT. 357 Jessie st
MASSAGE and electricity for facial blemlshoi
and wrinkles. Tel. Black 243»;'S02 Taylor st.
DANICHEFV sell holiday glove ordert. good for
gloves rpady-mada or to order. 131 Grant ave.
MME. ADA. the wonderful gifted healer. 1104
Market St.. rooms 3 and 4: one treatment tree.
MASQUERADE cofftnmw. play books. w1s;s;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt
ELECTROLYSIS dentroys superfluous hair and
molea; trial free. MISS EATON. 111» Sutter.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Cora Paint, the beat
corn cure; 25c; all druggi3ts.
8UIT9 to order on easy payments. Art Tallor-
lng Co.. 1844 Mkt. under St. Nicholas Hotel.
OLD pold. silver, diamonds and precious stones)
bought. J. R. JENKEL, 817 Market st.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna: restores gray
ha'r to Its natural color: $1: at all druggists.
PALMISTRY.
H." JERO-IE i Fd^SELLr"scientlflc palmist. 51$
Taylor ft., bet. Geary and Pn«tt: tel. Black 561.
PAIITXERS WASTED.
WANTED — A lady or rentleman partner li»
good restaurant on main street of town: good
patronage. 'Address R. P. O. box S3). Sacrv-
mento. Cal.
FHYSICXAAS AJKO SURGEONS.
DR. C. C O'DOXNELLi— Offlc« and resldenc*.
1C21H Market st.. between Sixth and Seventh.
REAL ESTATE CITY FOR SAXJS.
R£^ESTATE_LuiGALVa """
A. M. SPECK & CO.
HARD TO BEAT HARD TO BEAT
PRICES WILL StTRELT Ar>VAJ"vCI_
"C7iO.
Five flats; rents, $31.
$3600.
Four fiats; rents. $4S; dow-ntowm,
$6000.
Thr«e choice fiats, near Poet and Taylor sta.f
I<_ys 10 per cent; 27 feet front: offer -wanted,
?7500.
Flats: brand new, east erf Vaa N«as •*»«.•
rents. $72.
$13.750— REDUCED PROM tUJBCO.
Business property; sama Utnanta for year*;
store and rooming-house.
J1&&-REDUCED FROM $_Bfll
Splendid 2-story 7-rocm hous% wttb stabl*;
sightly location: oae-third cash.
$7500 INVESTED
will yield S1C3 rent monthly ahov« taxes?; brand-
new Improvements.
$75.C0O-REDTJCED FROM SS3.M0.
Choice corner lot, 75-foot front: wlthla naif
a block of Market st. ; with old lmp-rovements;
rents about $400; the only corner ?*¦>¦*•* <-»ti b«
bought vicinity of Sixth st-
$52.500— REDUCED FROM $30,000.
Crand Investment; 100-foot front oa Ellts st(
with Improvements; nicer and better tnaa Pal-
aca Hotel; rents about $3)00; terms, half caah.
$S3CO.
Rents $100: 100 feet front; near Taylor st. 1
no chance like it.
$i«,ooo.
Mission st. In rear of Palace Hotel; lot SSrSO
feet; a bargain.
$20,000.
Corner; «0 fe«t front; vicinity Sutter at- east
of Hyde: grand hotel, office or rooming-nous*
s'.te; rents (107.
$20,000.
Sutter-st. corner: 87:ftxS7:8; elega — t Improve-
ments; rents $1SCO per annum.
»CO.0OO.
Forty-four feet front: vicinity of TJtoU: old
taprovements: rents. $2C0; block from Market;
will double surely In 10 yean.
$1CO.OOO.
Market st.. near Call.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. g«7 Marttet st.
AN INVESTMENT,
A HOME.
A SPECULATION.
If you want either of the abov# (one of three)
attend auction to be held December 12 at U
nocn at Sherman & Clay's Hall. 223 Sutter st.
This will be a chance to secure a bargain that
you' cannot afford to rniss. No such list ofi
property has been offered in 10 years.
IT IS A SALE WITHOUT RESERVE.
See auction ad In this paper or call at my
office for catalogue and particulars. "
B. P. OLIVER.
REAL ESTATE AGKNT AND AUCTIONEER.
•N 14 MONTGOMERY ST. * Wj " *-*•"»
I1-* yoa have property north of the Park and
you wish to sell quickly, then call oa W J.
GUNN. S30 California st
OWNERS of property in the Potrero that wish
to sell, call on W. J. GCNN. 530 California
st., 3. F. Savings Union building.
P EALt E^>Jg3r. < E9^J^L^£g!L?-* |< *
WE have for sale and exchangeTsome of'tha
best stock grain and fruit ranches In the
ACCURATE knowledge, each of tha 3000 fnch.-
Sm 0 ?*.™ 7 e and "Change list— mora than
. N. D. aiCKELa, ths Laai Agvnt, I Qeazy st,has returned to Washington from an In
spection of the Pacific Coast naval, es
tablishments. He will embody the results
in a report to Secretary. Long, treating of
the needs of the Bremerton naval sta
tion in the matter, of an enlarged equip
ment plant; of the propriety of utilizing
Mission rock, in San; Francisco harbor,
as a coaling station, and of me acquire
ment of a park at the military , ! reserva
tion at San Diego, also for use as a coal
ing statior_1iSM!©ig*£|^
Favors Coast Improvements.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 10.— Rear Admiral
Bradford, chief of the Equipment Bureau.
the Decision 'of the Court of
Claims.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 10.— The United
States Suprerhe Court to-day rendered an
opinion In the claim of the Wichita, Choc
taw and Chickasaw Indians in connection
with the old Wichita reservation. Justice
Harlan handing down the opinion. In 1S81
the Indians made a treaty with the United
States Government ceding the Wichita
reservation and agreeing to take 160 acres
in severalty. They then claimed they were
entitied to the proceedB of the sale of the
surplus land. • The Court of Claims sus
tained the contention of the Indians, but
to-day's opinion reverses that opinion, the
Supreme Court holding that in the treaty
of 1861 the Choctaws had made an abso
lute session of the lands included in the
reservation. " .
The court also remanded the case to
the Court of Claims with the direction to
dismiss the claims of the Choctaws and
the Chickasaws. and to fix such compen
sation to the Wichita- as is consistent
with law. The reservation 1 is a part of
the old lease district of 7.500,000 acres, ly
ing between the Red River and the Cana
dian River and the ninety-eighth and
one hundredth degrees of west longitude.
DECISION" ADVERSE
TO WICHITA ITSTDIANS
United States Supreme Courjt Reverses
GRAND HOTEL.
W C Swain, Cal
F W Holly. Cal
H Stedman, Berlin
W T Arnold & w, Cal
D Ekhardt, Alameda
U A Priest.' Alameda
H H Bettinger. Cal
HA Jastro, Bkrsfleld
J E •' Viney, Hanford
P F Wood, Tulare -
L Huseman, Montague
B E Davis, Boston
8 E Wren, Portland
E A Doran, Portland
G C O'Neal. Joplln
G A McAllister, L Ang
Mrs E A Jones. Cal
G W' Klein. Altrurla
C W South.- Newman
E G Stone, NY
Mrs L Boge, Denver -
B D Turner. Portland
J N Weeks, Los Ang
D S Spencer, S Lake
W C Spence & eon. Salt
Lake . : -
N Blackstock, • Ventura
H Isaacs, Lea Ang
Mrs F Pellet.- Cal - - «
H L Whltelock, Pa
F T Sullivan, Iowa
C C Gram, Los Ang
A M Erlckaon. Cal
A Tognazzinl, Cal .
W. Lowell, Sacto
W K Reed, Menlo
0 Straeham, N Y
L D Syle, Berkeley
Mrs L D Syle. Cal :
1 N Belr. NY :
W S Mellck, Pasadena
Mre F R Fleming. Cal
C E Newcomer, N Mex
G O Ferguson ¦¦_¦¦• w,
• Washington, D C "
W F Myers & fam. NY
F.I Rorers,- Toronto
J B Malln. Ohio -
T Winters. Wash .:
I Gaston & w, Llverpol
K S Shattuck, L Ang
J F Strachan. Berkeley
F Innls, Spokane
M Biggs Jr, Oro^lle-
G C Comatock & w,
Williams -
W P Dlckson, Tacoma
Salt Lake
S Hamburger, Cinn •
Miss H Ranke. N M
B K Morton, England
C O'Callaghan, Mexico
T Brewster NT
G Mason, - Los Ang
J H Brown, New Zeald
C Forman Jr. Lo« Ang
H B Wood & w. S Jose
H R Baker. Ross Vail
Misg H Temple, NT
H J Knapp. N Y
J Hughes.- Mo
C Ellia, Mo
J E McAlpine, Dawson
O Gramm, Laramie
A Longini, Chicago
M J Maloney, St Josep
C Forman. Los Ang
W H Murphy, Stanfrd
S D Rosenbaum, Stock
C H Ball, Cal
E Derby, Cal s L .<: >
CD Bell, Ore_on =2r
G D Chlsholm. Chicago
C Phillips, Tacoma
J R Graham & w, Mass
F W Ledbetter. Portld
Mrs W "W Baker, Wash
Mies E V Jones. Wash
S Block.- New York
M A Dresser, Cal
O R Whltcomb, StPaul
J W Oakley," Los Ang
S W Dorsey. NY
J B Lundfleld Jr. N Y
H B Tenny, Tucson
M B Whitney • A w,
J B Olldersleeve, Stnfd
J F Wells, Salt Lake
J Posch & w. 1 Sit Lake
H E Thorn, Cal
H Wiener. - London
A Macondray & w, P I
M Hiirnlamb, Cal-v -
E H Wlnshlp & w, Cal
Mra W Hunter. N.ipa
MIsb Moran, Ban Raf
E B Wiel.- Texas
C R'Davim, Boston
T R Hindb, Buttis
D B Lyman, Reno
N Goodman & w. Ens
P C COetello & w, N T
H Coatello, N Y
Mrs 8 A Maglnnls, NT
PALACE HOTEL.
P L Lopez. Los Ang-
J J Lawrence. Sn Raf
J M Joseph. Oakland
G L Volkrlt. Redlands
A C Berthler, Iowa
C K Fulton, Portland
H B Klnkade, Ind
Mrs Morse & sis. Sacto
F Sekor, Arizona*/ ;>
D C Bacon. Arizona ¦
J Haley. Arizona i ." - •
E Clayton & w. Fre«no
R Heckman, Denve^
Mica P "Utschij. L Ang
J King Jr, Milpltaa i |
W Soderberg, Cal: «,.;
W H Arend. D C-
Mra Major H. B. Quire
& ch. Manila |
C G Allen. Newman
J C Collins, Illinois
W. Purdee, Chicago
J Lazoni. Stockton
W McDowell. Mendcin
Q Watson, B C
C J Blake, Merced
IMrB C Denton, N T
H_Langell. Ashland
GW Johnson, Chicago
TX Gregory. China
F D Willis. St Paul
D C Darling. Baticoy
J J Crum, Keswlck
HOTEL ARBIVALS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
the great supply bills, the legislative, ex
ecutive and Judicial appropriation biiJ,
was passed by the House in record time
to-day. The bill carries $24,496,308 and has
131 pages, but there was less than ten
minutes' debate upon it. It required about
three hours for the clerk to read the bill.
No other business was transacted.
Charles- A. Towne. tue recently ap
pointed successor to the late Senator Da
vis of Minnesota, attended to-day's sea
slon of the Senate and took the oath of
office. No business of Importance was
transacted in open session, the Senate go
ing into secret session on the Hay-Paunce
fote treaty as soon as routine business
had been concluded.
New Trial Granted.
HELENA. Mont., Dec. 10.— Judge
Knowles. in the United States court, to
day granted a new trlai ot the case of I_.
Rollin Morse against the Montana Ore
Purchasing Company. The question in
volved ' was the ownership of a rich vein
of copper ore in the Michael Davltt mine
in Butte, owned by the plaintiff as re
ceiver of the Butte and Boston Mining
Company. The former verdict was in fa
vor of the defendant. The attorneys for
the Montana. Ore Company w_t at once
appeal to the United States Court of Ap
peals.
To Reimburse Railroads.
TOPEKA, Kan., Dec. 10. — Governor
Stanley will ask the Legislature to appro
priate $40,000 to reimburse the railroads for
bringing the Twentieth Kansas Regiment
home last year. A contract was made bv
the railroads to bring the regiment home
and wait for their pay until the meeting
of the Legislature.
APPROPRIATION BZLL.
PASSES THE HOUSE
Charles A. Towne Takes Oath of Of
fice and Xs Seated in the
Senate.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 10.-1 ne first of
He denied .that such government could
be Justified under the war power, as the
war power has no existence except in
time of war, when the war is authorized
by Congress, and that the President could
not use the national forces for the pur
pose of governing Cuba. He relied espe
cially upon the case of ex parte Mllllgan.
He argued finally that. In any event.' as
the trial in the Cuban courts is without
a grand Jury or a petit Jury. 'Neely could
not be tried before them without a viola
tion of the sixth, seventh and eighth
amendments to the constitution.
John D. Lindsay of the New York bar
opened the argument for Neely. He
claimed that there existed Jn Cuba prior
to our intervention a . Cuban republic.
This republic, he argued, the United
States recognized on April 20. 1S0S, when
It passed a Joint resolution signed by the
President which declared that "the people
of the island of Cuba are and of right
ought to be free and independent." He
claimed that the United States did not
make war against the Cuban republic
thus recognized, but was its ally, and that
therefore the success of the American
army did not mean that Cuba was con
quered, but that th«> Spanish troops wer«
driven -out of the territory of a friendly
ally. He contended, therefore, that wheu
the treaty of Paris was ratified the war
ceased, and as no war had been declared
against the Cuban republic all further
Justification under the war making power
to occupy Cuba ceased, and the President
should Immediately upon the ratification
of the treaty or within a reasonable time
thereafter have withdrawn the army. He
claimed, therefore, that the institution
and maintenance by the President of a
military government In Cuba was and Is
without authority under international law
and in flagrant; contravention of the con
stitution of the United States. He fur
ther urged that such military government
was unconstitutional, as It was essen
tially a prosecution of war against the
Cuban republic, and as Congress alone
had the authority to declare war against
the Cuban republic the control of Cuba
by the President as commander in chief
was a virtual prosecution of war with
out the authority of Congress.
The latter feature of the argument made
it the first of the arguments which bring
up for final decision by the Supreme Court
the constitutional relations between this
country and the territorial acquisitions
which it has gained as a result of the
Spanish-American war. The Xeely case
referred exclusively to the character of
these relations so far as the island of
Cuba was concerned, and thus presented
an independent question from that which
will be argued on December 17, when the
character of these relations with Porto
Rico and the Philippines will be under
consideration.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 10.— The Neely ex
tradition case was argued in the Supreme
Court.. All the Judges were present. The
argument developed interesting and im
portant questions of law [with reference
to the right of the United States to ex
tradite a fugitive criminal in the absence
of an extradition treatv, and ..especially
with reference to the right of the Presi
dent since the ratification of the treaty
of Paris to maintain a military form o"f
government in the island of Cuba.
Makes No Plea as to Innocance of
His Client, but Bases His Case
- Wholly on Techni
fie] 44*4tfQ -
Attorney Makes Bitter At
tack on Policy of Ad
ministration.
LINDSAY SPEAKS
IN NEELY CASE
In 1804 Rhode Island College was the
only school conducted by American Bap
tists and It was in that year that the
name of the institution was changed to
Brown University. : To-day there are
about 200 Baptist Institutions of all grades
in North America, almost fifty of which
were organized in the years between 1880
and 1890. many of them being schools for
the colored people and Indians.: *At ¦ the
beginning of the present century the total
value of Baptist school property did not
exceed $50,000, i in I860 the total had - in
creased to $2,000,00% and now, at the close
of the century,, the value of school prop
erty Is fully $44,000,000. About one-half
of this sum Is In grounds, buildings and
equipment and about one-half in endow
ments. At the beginning of the century
there .were in Rhode Island College
ninety-two students;' there. are now in
schools and colleges fully 40,000 students.
According to latest reports the total
value of Baptist" church property In the
United States is $86,648,982, and the total
annual expenditure of the denomination
in this country is $12,348,527, the principal
items of which are: Church expenses,
$9,622,066; Sunday school expenses, $502,231;
home missions, $319.C25; foreign missions,
$402,016. and education, $179,207. This last
item does not give an adequate idea of
the Importance of the educational work
carried on in this country under Baptist
auspices because it does not include. the
sums that are raisad directly by the edu
cational institutions. The growth of the
educational work of the denomination in
the nineteenth century has been fully as
marked as has been the growth of the
denomination itself. • . • .. ,
The Baptist church is not so strong
abroad as it is in this country. In, all of
Europe there are 3739 churches, with 460,
261 members, and 2tR»7 of these churches
and 355,218 of the members are in Great
Britain and Ireland. In Asia there are
1602 churches, with 113,745 members. Africa
has 111 churches and C700 members, while
Australasia is represented in the denom
ination by 236 churches and 10,261 mem
bers. ;
When Roger Williams was driven out of
Massachusetts because, among other
things; he had changed his religious views
and had reached the conviction that im
mersion was essential to a proper profes
sion of Christianity, a conviction so strong
that, as is told in the old story, he and
another man immersed each other and
thereby established the Baptist church In
this country, he started a religious move
ment that, at the beginning of the nine
teenth century, had grown until it num
bered about 1200 churches with 100,000
members. In the century just about to
close the growth of "the denomination has
been constant and there are now in the
United States 43,427 churches, with a total
membership of 4.181.CS6. The membership
Increased 40,000 last year. - A large pro
portion of the churches of the denomina
tion are in the Southern States, but every
State and Territory of the Union hat a
number of the churches. . .
We are summoned to this advance by the
wonderful blesslntr of God upon our efforts
hitherto; by the temporal 'prosperity now ac
corded us; by the great opportunities In our
mission fields at home and abroad, and by the
supreme obligation to obey our Lord's com
mand to evangelize the world. "Ye shall re
ceive power after that the Holy Ghost is come
upon you; and ye shall be witnesses unto me
both lii Jerusalem and in air Judea and in
Samaria and unto the uttermost parts of the
earth."
That the beginning of the twentieth century
should be signalized by a pronounced advance
in all our missionary operations; and that for
this purpose It Is recommended that Individ
uals and churches increase their offerings 50
per cent above the usual sums; and that spe
cial effort be made to secure an offering from
every member of every Baptist church, with a
view to Increasing the aggregate yearly con
tributions of our churches for missions to at
least 11.000,000.
It la also recommended that these associa
tions and conventions appropriately observe the
beginning 'of the new century, so far as prac
ticable. In accordance with the spirit and
scope of the suggestions hecein presented.
That more attention be given in our churches
to the observance of the monthly concert of
prayer for missions at home and abroad: es
pecially that In the first week In May there
shall be untted supplication for the divine
blessing upon the approaching annual convo
cations of our great missionary organizations,
as also upon the meetings of all Baptist as
sociations and conventions throughout our land.
That on the third Sunday In April the pas
tors of our churches preach on our denomina
tional progress and achievements during the
last cc-ntury, and our present opportunities and
obligations; and that editors of our religious
Journals about the same time give special prom
inence to these matters.
Inasmuch aa our 200 academies, colleges, uni
versities and theological seminaries, with more
than 2000 instructors and about 40.000 pupils and
a material equipment valued at about $45,000,000,
are potent factor? in the development of de
nominational life and power, It Is recommended
that the day of prayer for colleges, the fourth
Thursday in January, 1901, be devoutly ob
served by all our institutions of learning; that
theee institutions be specially remembered by
our churches at their regular prayer meetings
In the tame week; that the editors of our re
ligious journals devote particular attention to
our educational interests in their Issues for that
week; and that this be the theme of discourses
by pastors on the last Sunday In 'January.
That with the opening of the twentieth cen
tury concerted and simultaneous effort be
made throughout the denomination for the
quickening of the spiritual life and activities
of our churches, particularly for the salvation
of the unconverted in their own localities. As
preparatory to the week of prayer, It Is sug
gested that on the first or the second day of
the new century the pastors in every Baptist
association, at the call of the moderator there
of, hold an all day meeting for prayer and con
ference on this subject. «
The statement of the committee calls
attention, first, to the fact that it is tho
purpose of the committee to recommend
that the spiritual element in the proposed
commemoration of the beginning of the
new century be made paramount. "The
supreme need of the hour," says the com
mittee, "is a refreshing from on high. In
this secularized age our lord's message,
'Seek ye first the kingdom' of God and his
righteousness and all these things shall
be added unto you,' needs fresh considera
tion." Financial features of the com
memoration will, therefore, be subordi
nated to the spiritual. The committee
feels that it would be unwise to under
take to raise by extraordinary means a
large sum of money for special purposes,
and that the greatest permanent good can
be accomplished if the commemoration
services held in all the Baptist churches
of the country can be of such a spiritual
character as to promote a spirit of con
secration and stimulate the people of the
church to more generous offerings for all
of the great missionary causes of the de
nomination. The recommendations of
the committee follow:
NEW YORK, Dec. 10.— At the Baptist
National Anniversaries, which was held
in Detroit, the three national Baptist so
cieties, the Home Mission Society, j the
Publication Society and the Missionary
Union, adopted resolutions appointing a
committee of seven men from each so
ciety to devise and • formulate a method
whereby the Baptist people of the United
States might most suitably commemorate
the beginning of the twentieth century of
the Christian era. The Rev. Dr. Lemuel
Moss, president of the American Baptist
Historical Society, was made chairman of
the committee and the Rev. Dr. H. L.
Morehouse, field secretary of the Ameri
can Baptist Home Mission Society, the
secretary. The committee has just com
pleted its deliberations and has agreed
upon a statement and recommendations
to the churches of the denomination.
Urges Active Work, Particularly. for
Salvation of the Unconverted,
and a Season of Earnest
Prayer.
Recommendations Made by
National Committee of
• Eaptists.
WELCOMING OF
NEW CENTURY
. THE SAN FRANCISCO CALI,, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1900.
BOISE, Dec. 10.— The Supreme Court to
day 'handed down one of : the most far
reaching opinions in the history of the
State, i The court decides that *J1 patented
mining: property Is subject to taxation. ¦
- Up to this time it has ¦ been ; exempt.
Chief . Justice Huston and .Justice Quar
rels rendered the majority opinion,- Jus
tice Sullivan dissenting. The decision will
materially " increase the taxable property
of >the State., What effect ¦ it will have
on outside investors is problematic.
PATENTED MINING
, PROPERTY TAXABLE
11
SPECIAL. NOTICES.
LADIES— Chichester'B English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best; eafe. reliable: take no other;
eend 4c stamps for particulars; "Relief for
Ladles" in letter by return mall; at drug-
gttts. Chlchester Chemical Co.. Phlladel.. Pa.
NOTICE— Abandoned children In the Roman
Catholic Orphan Asylum since July 1, 1S99:
Irene Valdez, age 8 years: Laretto Duran. 7;
Madeline Duran, 6; Ray Croal, 8.
ROOMS papered from .$3 up; plaster repaired
and leaks. 319 Third st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections mad*;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..'
415 Montgomery st.. rooms 9-10; teL 5580.
LKAKT tin roofs painted and repaired. Rooms
S6-S7. €06 Montg-omery. tel. Main 6523.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 page*. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
storage: ,\>o warehouses.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission st;
tel. Main 1S4»; shipping at cut rates. •. . -
WILSON BROS., storage and moving: covered
van*. Tenth and Market: phone South 762.
SLOT fllACltlXKS.
BOUGHT and fold: new'and second-hand; larKe
display; very cheap. UH7 Market. bet. 7th & Sth.
jrvi»K\vRiTi:ns and supplies.
GREAT BARGAINS IN T^piEw^RITERS^W.
cell bettrr machine* for less money than any
house in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, E36 California; telephone Main 263.
ALWAYS bargains In typewriters; any make.
"Write for prices to L. 4 M. ALEXANDER.
110 Montgomery gt.
DIVIDEND XOTICES.
prvinnNn notice— Dividend No. IS Uwenty- I
Plantation Company will be payable at the '
offire of th? company, 327 Market Bt., on and
after SATl'RDAV, Dwrnlvr 15, 1900. Trans- i
fer books closed on Saturday. December 8,
1900. at 12 o'clock m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
LEGAL. ADVERTISEMENTS.
TO the next of kin of ANNIE MORGAN, other-
wipe MARROX. late of 25 Dunmore 6t., Bel-
f-ft. in the county .of Antrim, Ireland, widow
(deceased), and more especially FRANCIS
MARRON. JAMES MARRO.N and JOHN
MARRON*. If living, or their Issue if dead.
. r*urfuant to an order of the chancery divi-
sion of the High Court of Justice in Ireland
made in the matter of the estate of the said
ANNIE MORGAN, otherwise MARROX (de-
ceased) and in a cause "McCANN v.
CRAXN'Y" 11900. Xo. 64). the persons claim-
ing to be next of kin according to the stat-
utes for the distribution of intestates' estates
of the s_id ANNIE MORGAN, otherwise
MARRON, living- at the time of her death
in or about the mor.th of December, 1839. or
to be the legal personal representatives of
6uch of the eaid next of kin as are now dead,
and more particularly FRANCIS MARRON,
JAMES MARRON and JOHN MARROX.
formerly of Redbay or Cushendall. County
Antrim, Ireland, If living, or their issue If
dead, ore by their solicitor on or before tho
first day of February, 1901, to come In and
prove their claims at the chambers of th?
ripht honorable the vice chancellor at the
Four Courts. Dublin. Ireland, or in default
thereof they -o-ill be peremptorily excluded
from the benefit of the said order. Friday,
the Sth day of February. 1901, at 11 o'clock-
In the forenoon, at the said chambers, is
arpointed for hearing ami adjudicating upon
the claims. Dated this 16th day of Xovember
lPOfl. II. A. COSGRAVE. chief clerk. PETER
MACAT'LAY, LL.D., solicitor for plaintiff,
tt Upper Ormond quay, Dublin.
MA "RBI AGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
Frank M. Farrell. 80, city, and Mary C.
Wells. _5. city.
Thomas F. McCarthy, 22, 72B Laskle street.
and Nellie Meyers, 23, 106 Seventh street.
Daniel MeHugh, 80, city, and Mary O'Don-
nell. 27. city.
Cornelius Buckley, S3. Stockton, and Delia
McAllister, 2S. 77 Wood street.
Len D. Owens, 43, city, and Isabel H. Pres-
ton, 26, city.
Harry A. Schula, 2S, Porterville. and Aug-usta
W. KevlliL 20, 2S Landers street.
Thomas K. Atrilhy. 26, 1532 Polk street, and
Marie Archambault. 19, 1632 Polk street.
John C. Bruce, So, city, and Selina Beckett,
8S, city.
Evan Edwards, 24, 212 Francisco street, and
MairRte Welse. 26. 212 FTandsco street.
Martin L- Bowers, 39. STO Clementina street,
and Martha E. Allen. 37. 370 Clementina, street.
Frank R. Hammett. 2L 1304 California street,
and Edna H. Shaen, 1?. 13M California street.
Swan Encdall, 80, city, and Alice E. Han-
eon. 23. city.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
! B!rth. marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed •with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
HANXON-ln this city, November 28, 1900. to
the wife of Charles T. Hannon, a son.
HILL— In Oakland. December 5. 1900, to th«
wife of Albert EiSward Hill, a son.
JEXSEN — In this city. December 9. 1900, to the
wife of J. Jensen, a daughter.
SKANE— In this city. December 4, 1900. to the
wife of Frank Skane, a son. .---. ¦---:,
-iTAKRIEP. ~
BOGAJf— LIEBENBEJV3 — In this city, Decem-
ber S, 1S00. by the Rev. J. G. Mangold,- Al-
vinas J. Bogan and Hilda C. Lletenberg.
BURKE— BAILEY— In San Jose. November S,
1900. by Judge O'Neal. John P. Burke and
Laura E. Bailey, both of San Francisco. Xo
cards.
DIED.
Archer. Janet Hackward. William
Averell. Walter B. Hagerty, Catherine
Bahrs. Amelia • Hlmes, Ruby
Barbier, Armand Hlrt, Robert G.
Baricievich. Martin Keane, Margaret
Brandes. Frederick Kenney, Arthur R.
Brown. James F. ' Koegel. Matilda
Caro, Carrol Leahy, William H.
Clark, Cecilia A. Meyer, John
Connolly, Catherine Mitchell. John C.
Ooetrove. Mary O'Nell. Marearet
Crawford. Charlie E. Re__n. John
Dally. Andrew J. Roberts. Ann
Donohue. Francis Stanley, Isaao W.
Eckermann, Charles Temple, Jennette C.
Flannelly. James Tully, Mary
Greene, Irene H.
ARCHER'— In Menlo Park. Cal., December 10,
1300, Janet, dearly beloved wife of James
" Archer, and mother of James, Samuel, Wil-
Ilam./J)avid. Jennie and Fred Archer, Mrs.
IV. AV'Carnduff end Mrs. C. Eckles. a native
of Scotland, ared 53 years 1 month ; and 4
days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 11:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her Eon, James Archer Jr., 312 San
Jose avenue. San Francisco. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland, via 1
o'clock creek route boat.
AVERELL— In Pasadena, Cal.. December 9,
1300, Walter B., son of Sarah B. Averell, a
native of California, aged 14 years and 7
months. (Chicago papers please copy.)
C_TFriends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Tuesday),
at 3 o'clock, at the residence. 2201 Soott street.
BAHRS — In this city, December 10, 1900. Ame-
lia Bahrs, beloved sister of Hon. George H.
Bahrs. Mr*. Louis Schafer, Mrs. Chris. Wer-
ner. Mrs. Fred Warner, Mrs. Wme. Fagan
end Julie and Andrew Bahrs, a native of San
Kranritco. aged 24 years 1 month and 9 days.
¦ {CXFrlen-s and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 87 Noe street, between Thirteenth and
Fourteenth. Interment Odd Fellows' Ceme-
tery.
BARBIER— In this city, December 10, 1900, Ar-
mand, husband of the late Kathertne Barbier,
and father of Alfred, Howard and Leorena
t Barbier and the late Mrs. H. F. Etiieric, a
native of New York, aged 68 years 3 months
and 27 days.
ICTXotlce of funeral In Wednesday's morn-
ing's papers.
BARICIEVICH— In this city. December 10, 1900.
Martin Baricievich, beloved uncle ot Mrs.
G T. Kooh and Mrs. A. XL Hung«rford, a
native of Austria, aged 60 years.
CT Remain* at the parlors of the H. J.
Gallagher Undertaking Company, 20 Fifth
street.
BRANDES — In Oakland, December 10, 1900,
Frederick H., beloved husband of Barbara
Brandes. and father of John A., Marie M.
and F. W. Brandes. a native of Hildegheim,
Germany, aged 71 years 5 months and 24 days.
BROWN— In this city, December 7. 1800, James
Franklin Brown, a native of Kentucky, asred
"1 yeara.
C~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of Porter A White, 122 Eddy street. In-
terment Cincinnati. Ohio. y
CARO— In this city, December 10, 1900. CaBpol,
beloved son of Isaac W. and Sarah '•lllf
Caro. and grandson of Mrs. Blanche Oullf
and Mrs. Flora Caro, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 4 years and 6 months.
__r?*uneral services will be held this day
(Tuesday), at 10:30 o'clock, at the residence,
2114 Post street. Interment atrlctly private.
CLARK— In this city. Cecilia Annie Clark.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successor to Flannaran & Gallagher)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr..
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
I UNITED UNDERTAKERS, I
27 and 2S Fifth st. Tel. South 1(7. 1
FTJNERAL DIHECT0H3 AND EMBALMEH3. I
Finest Equipment at Moderate Ratea. I
nEA_ ESTATE TO EXCHAJVGK.
MARION GRTFF1N. 719 Market «.. sells and
exchanges firms and city property; printed
NEW -ottace 6 rmi.. bath: lot 66x100: Mission-
rent* I term*: and vacant lots. 4_t Kearny »t!
REAL. ESTATE WAATED.
VANTET*— Residence, « rooms; T7:«, feet fronf
location California. Pacific. Filimore Brodl
fr.i-k ms.: no apf-TitE. Hox CSS, Call office.
AUMEDlTDYERTJSMm
ALAMEDA REAL, ESTATE.
I \ iR Be v'ESTMrXT^' "" 1 —
4 r.-w modern 5-room cottages; pay 18 r«r
crr.t: best location; aJwayg rented^ aVveVal
.-. -r bargains. Apply to A R r>^>jVcpi
PI'... 1»* webfter st.. AUmeda PE> - KE
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENT^
UEnKELEY REAL ESTATE.
gjOOO—ICEW 6-room cottac*, porcelain batbl
,,;,- f.nk. Mationarj- tubs, f.ae S as mantel:
f^ . ftxtut**; «r^t work ail done; cement
¦rain all arAinl place: 2 blocks to station-
electric cars pas-s d«or: sn.foot street; COO
_. < ji! h -- tialanc< ' Ktt l^r month. W. C. MO Ran.
I • - CAfiB. balance f_ por month; cost
KSWJ t-ank leaned $1*00 on this place; 5 large
: f . flouol* parlors; fine mantel; high base-
rr:rr.t: brick foundation; larpe lot; half block
C MORAN* 1 *" e ° I ' i tO wttle an «*tate. W.
jj —why pay rent when you can pet a fine
!^\: W »: !l<!0W ootlA « r « o' 6 rooms and bath;
h;cn M«mwit; briok foundation; ail sewered-
' c :l n sxlrin Z *V* e , of «««: 2 blocks to cars: only
J.«C cash, balance m per month, including
te IT«o bank 1 " an " d !uri ° °° - 1 * 8 r 1 * 0 *- 1^-
i MORAN. Lot-in Pt.ition. Berkeley.
O-KL-Xir ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1-18 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
S450 CASH, J7 W montfely till paid for; cottace
of S rooms and bath; laree barn, chicken- I
hou«e and run; fruit trees and shrubbery; a '
" nice, cozy home In the right spot, beln* I
healthful; 2 fine lota. 150 deep; picket fence;
city v.otpr and eewer; near a model school-
house and #-l*-ctrlc cars; nice nei^Uborhood .
sandy lo&m eoll; \"le— r something grand- away
from cold •wines and fog; adjoining- East
O—kland: call or Bend Tor circular for cheap
lets or aereaere; C5 b-»v«ith Et., Oakland;
Broadway Ftatlon; ctrrlace free. II. Z.
JONES, owner.
ELEGANT lots eacrificed. J_5O0: cost $3000; l»x
: _M: fronts Fruitvale ave. SOO-Cost J60J: 50x
150: adjoins Fru'.tvale ave. LATMaN'CB
KEAL ESTATE CO.. 48O-4M Sth »t.. Oakland, i
OAKUM) BOUSES TO LET.
FOR rent— 115, water free: l»-roora house;
gTT>URds It5xl4 l 3: la~rn, fruit tre^s, outhousos.
Apply ax 674 25th et., East Oakland, or DR.
GALE. « O'Farreil •_, San Francleca
GOOD houses. G<>t list from GEO. W. AUS-
TTN < <"r> in^« r:-ol^^T^¦^.v. Oakland.
OAKLAND FtHXITinB FOR SALE.
AN introduction to yea from H. Echellfc-as, the
furniture deaJt-r. 11th ana Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CASTRO. O, nr. 17th, rear— I nice Eunny uri-
fur. rooras: large yard; etable optional; cheap.
FIFTH, I«S— Suite rooms furnished for house-
keeping; rent cheap.
FIFTH. 253 — FurrJshed for hoysekeeplcs, t dou-
ble parlors, kitchen, bath. 110: also single, $5.
HTDE. 40» — Sunny frcnt alcove suite. $20: also
front f««ment suit*; yard; laundry; $15.
HTDE, 721— A suscy upper floor of three or
four housekeeping rootr.s; __s; batfa.
MARKET. cr»p. FlftD — T — -- » room and kitchen.
P; 2 Fnuill rooms, $8. Call 242 Kearny 6t.
MIN'XA. 6"5— Lerre Bunny furnished front room
for housekeeping.
_II?SION', 945— Nice front room with grate and
folding bed and kitchen complete.
NINTH. 123— Sunny suite of rooms with use of
kitchen and dining room.
OAK IIS — 1 funny, dry basement room; fur-
nlEhM for li.ht houaekeeplnfi-; clean; $4.
OFARRELL, f-26— 8 or 4 nicely furnished ]
rooms; all conveniences; runninr water, gas,
bath, rbone, etc. j
' ""ENTH, 156 — L_rsr» eunny ho-sekeeping room;
_>o elngle rocrn.
VALENCIA. 9CJ— Eur.ny alcove aulte; large
kitchen; e« range; bath: complete for hou&e-
keep:ag; cheap; no children.
CLASSIFIED Edvertlsemeats and svcscrlpuoM i
recelveJ at Call branch office.- HOf. ¦'¦.'¦lmore st.
ItOOMS TO LET Fara. and fnfnrn.
A— BRrNS"WlCK House, 14S Sixth— P^ooms 25c
to $1 per night; fl 25 to $5 per week, and light
housekeeping; oi>en all n'.feht.
liURNETT. 14_5 Market <old Xo. 13C4) — Fur-
nlehed rms., eultee. singrle; also unfurnished.
BUSH, E3d <The E:k>— Nicely furnished sunny
ret ; aay. Cic ur: wk, tl M up. Mrs. P. RanlU
CUFFORD. Kills, cor. Mason — Kleg_ntly
furnished «unny rooms; prices reasonatle.
EIGHTH, 12€B, upper f.at— Three furnished
rocir.s in suite cr stncle.
KLLIS. Trs — Furnished front room; one or two
S"?r.ti»»meTi rreferred; Gfflnui family; $7.
GEARY. tBt Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
rms; suites or elngr'.e; travelers accommodated.
GRANO SOUTH KRN. Eoutheast corner Seventh
and MjtFion «u-Panay room*, en BUite or
Fir.fle; ladles" parlor, reading-room; ele^-ator.
EtABBXSON. 754V4. near Fourth— Finely fur-
r.ished sur.ny rooms; bath, all conveniences ;
hrmellke; II we*k up.
HATES, ; 781—1 or 2 nicely furnlabed rooms;
cheap; suitable for single gentleman; private
family; use cf bath. m
LAS rALMAS, lfCO Market at.— Suite of 1 or S
rms.; private; bath; sin. rms.: board optional.
LE'ttTs "place, IS-Furnlshed and unfurnished
rriom! 1 to let; eingrle or en cuite.
MARKET, 1049A— Nicely furnished eunnj-
roo—Hi; FUite* or clr.gle; very reasonable.
MARKET. IQS&j between Sixth and Seventh,
shoe f hop— Nice clean roome; come and
F*>e them. --'- '"
VIN'VA J72— Furnished sunny bay-window
r<-^m with mantel. >8 per month.
iilNNA, 6C7. corner Eighth— New furnished
? •ay-Tnir-dow room. U per week: transient.
NEvV ARLINGTON. 1015 Market St.— Nicely
furnished rooms. K a week up; 85c a day up.
NINTH. 21— Nicely furnished eunny room; run-
ning wa&er.
O FARRELU 20-Sunny furnished rooms and
office*; elevator; electric llghu; flay, wic.. mo.
PINE^ OA, near Taylor— Eunny furnished rooms
w-lth all modern conveniences for two or three
gentlemen.
nOYAL House. 12€ Ellis et.— Incandescent l!_ht;
reafiinR-room, amokinir-room and ladies' par-
lor- rootna. per Bipht. SSc to $1 M; week. $2 to
J*- month. $? to S30: elevator on ground floor;
roomr with hot and cold water: baths.
ROSFDALE House. SIS and 321 Ellis St.— Rooms,
V.iKht 25c to tL wr^ek $1 25 to ?4; open night.
EHERMAS Apartment Hous*. 28 Eighth St..
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
ForTTI PARK. Sft-Sunny front parlor suitable
for 1 or 2 gents In a private family^ rent low.
TUE STANFORD: 320«4 Sutter— House changed
hands and renovated: ainele room*, $g per
month; suites J12 to VZ>; all sunny.
TJTX 12S— F-urnlshed Funny rooms: tranirtent.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received et Call branch office. 2200 Filimore St.
ROOMS A * P, °?'\ R "; , r 7*
SELECT family hotel; r^ew Interior; thre« spe-
cial -inners weekly: rates to establish. 807
California gt.
TBHAMA. 217— Room and board; private fam-
lly; M yr week. ;
BOARD and rooms at 415 First _U near Har-
rison.
ROOMS A>D DOARP ™^™P'^
yOUrCG*^nan"wouId Uke room and board In
private family, less than flv« minute* walk
from City Hall; rnurt b« quiet; Bteady board-
er. Box 712, Call office,
WANTED- Board : two; private family; Wert*
em Addition, couth of Grove e_. -Mt of van
Nens ave. Address box €27. Call office.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call 16 paces. ««-t to any addresa In tht
T. T n1t«-d Ptateg or Canada one year for II.
m^u-i-vcTm achixes axp svprjuiKS.
ALL kinds bought, eold and repairing- guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeclf, ia_5 Mission, nr. Utn.
ALL kln«s bourht. Bold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing lowest ratea: open even. 205 Fourth.
BOUGHT. Bold, rented, repaired: needles and
i buttle*; reduced rates. 145 6th; phone Mint S.
MONSTER COMBINATION
'AUCTION SALE
REAL ESTATE
"Without Ressrve," "No Ifs." "No
¦ Ckmfinnatiohs by Any Court,"
"An Absolute Sale,"
—ON
Wednesday, December 12, 1909
At 12 HL Sharp,
I WILL OFFEB AT
PUBLIC AUCTION
Without Reserve, at
SHERMAN' & CLAY'S HALL,
223 Sutter Street,
By order of the Trustees of the Estate
of EUGENE KELI/r o_
• New York.
Their entire r»al estate holdings in the city
and county of San Francisco, comprising a list
of as choice property as has ever been cttered
el auction for the past twenty years. It is
income preducintr. well rented and every piece
has a future, and with one exception It all faces
on accepted streets. The Buildings en the Im-
proved property are in first-class condition and
the best of repair. The tenants could be no
better.
Remember, the sale is without re-
serve. No "ifs," no "subject to own-
ers' approval," no "confirmation by
the Probate Court." It is an absolute
Bale to the highest bidder for United
States gold coin.
Remember, it is all corner property.
SANSOME AND SACRAMENTO STtf.
' Land assessed . for
JoS! w $14,000; improvements
„ § assessed for SH. 250; la-
„ - - surance. |2i>.2SO; pre-
•* « 2 mlum, $53 05; north-
100 % west corner of Sansome
" and Sacramento streets.
Sacramento. The Improvements orx
this property consist of a first-class brick
building, renting for *250 per month; no lease.
SANSOME AND COMMERCIAL STS.
Land assessed for
Commercial. J2O.25O; improvements
I 82-8 §? assessed for J13.0CO; ln-
B eurance, $17,300; prem..
3 g $115 60; southwest cor-
S g ner of Sansome and
g_-S » Commercial streets.
1 This Is a particularly
fine investment. The building: is stout and
substantial, with extra heavy brick walls, built
to last a century. The total rents are $325 per
month. The store. 409 Sansome. rents for $50;
the store. 413 and 415 Sansome, for ?IJ*. and the
upper part (the Coso House) for S125; no leases.
MONTGOMERY AND SACRAMENTO STS.
Land assessed for
u Sacramento. S3O.OPO; improvements
e ijPo 1 assessed for S1S.500; ln-
g suranre, $20.«0; prem.,
a „ n $55; southeast corner
c "" "of Montgomery and
5 go.n . Sacrametito streets.
«J ' _- This corner was for-
merly occupied by the Donohoe-Kelly Banking
Company. The Improvements consist of one
of the most substantial fire-story brick build-
Ings in the city. Alvinza Hay-ward's magnifi-
cent eleven-story office building; is In the same
block, only 150 feet distant. The basement and
first etory are leased to July' 1, 1903, fcr $225
per month. The upper floors bring only th«
nominal rent of $11S. At a small expenditure
in modernizing: the upper part this rent could
be doubled.
FILL.MORB.
j U7:l 137 :C W. A. BLOCK *».
SO-vara lot 1. assessed
for $10,800.
60-vara lot 2. assessed
for $300tt
_ - « 50-vara lot J, assessed
"3 f? 4 "for $11,470.
_> 5- J» &0-vara lot 4, assessed
- / - for $11,020.
SO-vara lot 5, assessed
137:« I37:« for $3000.
50-vara lot 5, assessed
t, Sfor $10,570.
g x This block Is leased
bS Jo SI ~a.e a whole to March 1,
£ - » r? I r? .^1902. at $375 p«r month.
* Improvement- belong
to the lessor and can
be removed by her
• at the termination of
137:6 137:8 lease. If the block is
not sold as a whole.
r _. M but in 50-vara subdl-
!J1 S3 I S visions, the purchaser
m <- !_ of each eO-vara will bo
entitled to one-sixth of
the monthly rent of
the entire block during
137:6 137 :t the term of the lease.
wphstvb At the expiration of
w _._¦&!___ the leage the purchaser
can enter into possession of the land.
This block of land Is destined to become on*
o! the most valuable in the Western Addition,
fronting, as it does, on Flllmore and Turk
streets, and being the most Important transfer
point north of Market street. It Is now nearly
entirely occupied for business purposes, and In
ten years will pay 4 per cent net on $250,000. It
is one of the few remaining whole blocks in
the heart of the Western Addition, ani Its
possibilities are very great, eitner for business
purposes, pleasure grounds or as a church,
school Or recreation center.
BEAU3 AND BRTAMT STS.
¦ ;'•¦¦¦'-. ' Land assessed for
I 137*6 I $31,500; improvement—
_ belong to tenant : north-
is e % west corner of Beala
£ Kg, and Bryant streets.
12-. a ? This grand corner, con-
|- — slsting of two 50-vara
Bryant. lots, has the greatest
future of any property In San Francisco. Fac-
ing tbo water front, across the street from
the Santa Fe depot, and graded out of solid
reck It presents a chance for Investment that
1« seldom offered at public or private ¦ sale.
There is a lease on the property expiring Feb-
ruary 1 1912. The rent up to February 1. 1902.
Is $2C0 per month, for the next five years $230
per month and for the balance of the term $300
p«r m<xith. During the life of this lease the
value of the property will Increase at least at
the rate of 6 per cent per year, and more likely
at the rate of 10 per cent.
FIL-MORE. W. A. BLOCK S08.
27 :C !7:6 17 •« 27:«[37:« assessed for V $^600;°l t m-
provemects assesied for
S 3 9 2 S * 1SP °: th « •<>*» f-clng
g 5 S S o Eddy and Webster
streets are most ad-
1 1~ 1 vantageously situated
*. 137:8 187:6 ?! for residence purposes,
g -.•>¦-¦; 8 either dwellings or
<_ m . g ¦ -„..; — _ flats, being only ten
|», U7.B , 187.8 £ minutes' ride from
5 ** Market and Powell
,: » 137 :« 137:6 «» streets, and in the im-
g f, > 8 mediate neighborhood
£• ~^ — ;.i . " ' ,„ _ — *_ of primary, grammar
K £ 1S7.6 137:6 JR an d high schools. The
C fi 5 lots facing Filimore
tt _¦ 1S7:6 127:6 '¦?. Bt reet are business
_ . i ¦ w propositions, as (he
»h ___ . -only two business
Q | « 137:6 1J7:6 » str eets in the W-stern
pljl £ Addition are Flllmora
"15 — it7-« 137 •« _|and Devisadero- Land
137.6 137.8 fronttng on Filimore
S £' street in this locatioa
f. 137:6 137:6 wj9old 13 years apo for
SS £ $200 per front foot, in-
— : — i jslde lots. Keep In mind
that the lots are cxtra
, - g g _ ,_ wide, having 27:6 front.
d o 5 g g and are especially
» adapted to 3-flat dwell-
27-< «-t MC *:•• 27-6 ings. There Is a two-
[Zi-* n.* 2-t:C TJ.* z. : c Btory rr _ me dwelling
WEB3TER. on the northwest cor-
ner of Eddy and Web-
ster streets, renting for $20 per month.
SPEAR AND HOWARD STS.
„„„ , Land assessed for
Howard. $19.1M; Improvement*
( 91:8 ~~~ _ belong to tenant: couth-
,_'•> i_ west corner of Spear
» S 2 and Howard streets.
£ c, ft This is a piece of prop-
91 : j ' erty that has been eag-
I : '¦ ,*rly sought after, and
the owners have time and again been asked to
put a price on it. ; It is in the heart of what
Is rapidly becoming the wholesale district of the
city. All the large real estate transactions ot
the past year . have been in the vicinity, and
the surrounding property la now rumored to
belong to the Santa Fe or Southern Padfla
companies. Present rental, $S3 per month; no
lease.
The water ratea are all paid by the . tenants
•where not mentioned. Any further particular*
or information will be gladly furnished at the
office of
B. P. OLIVER,
Beal Estate Agent and Auctioneer,
114 Montgomery Street.
MONSTER COMBINATION
AUCTION SALE
-OF-
REAL ESTATE
One-Fourth Cash; Balance on J_ort»
gage at 6 per cent,
Wednesday, Becemb.r 12, I9T0
AND
Thursday, December 13, 190D
At 12 O'clock Noon, .
I WILL OFFER AT
PUBLIC AUCTION
AT—
SHERMAN & CLAY'S HAIA-,
223 Sutter Street,
By order of the Board of Directors oJ
THE HTBERNIA SAVINGS ANX>
LOAN SOCIETY.
•me roilowin_ cSoice parcels of city realty, im-
proved and unimproved, and situate Uo~n'fy~~.
Jn the Westerr Addition and Mission district*.
BATTERY AN'P MERCHANT 3T8.
~ _, • Northwest comer ot
g Battery and Merchant.
S P This flne corner with a
9 -. g B .trail expenditure -ran
¦¦ ¦ 5 b« rented for »4V» ?»r
Merchant. • month. The present im-
pro%-err.?nt* are a ruhst-ntial thr?*-»tory ani
fcasement brick. Present r*nts. with _-w«r halt
the premises vacant. $1S(>.
COUGH AND FILBKRT RTS.
. i ~~~~~~~~~ \ Kortheast corner ot
~!,d j Gcuch and Filbert »ts. :
£'• JJ . I oroer improved ~"!t?>
3 1 13 - | frame dwolllnf Of two
w' . i Tz flats; present rents $M.
Filbert.
FOCRTEENTH AXD STKVEXSOM STS.
j ~ Northwest corner . ot
•a Fourteenth and Steven-
-j^ *on «ts.. only 103 feet
P. a ?a»t from Valencia fit.:
— :o In tti« heart of a sto'w-
- 1Z: I? Ing district. As awhola
Fonrteentn. or la subdivisions.
ELIZABETH ST.. N'EAR CASTRO..
-• . _ r| ' Elizabeth «t.. 105 f*v_
t • *¦*¦*"! ?— *t from Castro; thr»«
5 I choice buiMlng tot*.
" , 05 " " 3 *j or In subdivisions.
Elizabeth.
MARKET ST.
•j TTsIs ta a plec« ot
si § property Trim a future,
g -> The Improvements con»
? slst cf V. flau>, SJ30 ta
m 1X3-8 n. 243OH Market »t.. r*nt-
=_ — — ing for »1S5.
Market.
TWENTIETH ST., NEAR CASTRO
Twentieth.
~2_; Si £T KO9. «."«. 4111 _r.«
Castro and Noe. The^e
,_ £ three modern dwW.-
0 § o % Inps of 8 rooms a.n<
-° ' - ' bath each —ill be soij
separately. Each ho'i*«
I !s cow rented for IS).
SHIPLEY ST., NEAR SIXTH.
Shipley.
1 Tin ST" No. 281 Shipley tt.,
I ' bet. Fifth and Sixth:
_| . Improvements consist
rj| ., of a front building "J
- «¦¦> three stories and rear
m | of two stories; rents
I J CT 50.
MISSION ST.. NEAR NINETEENTH.
Nineteenth. ' •
" No. ail Mission s?.,
|_ . bet. Nineteenth tnJ
_ I g T— entleth. Impro-p-
5 1" raents, a food iif«-
Sl story frame bund!?.-.
s,~ m< consisting of a stor«
*jrr / ' ' and two Bats ; renta ii J.
VALENCIA ST.
Fourteenth.
.TS * East side of V»len<rt»
_ 3 St.. 300 feet south "I
gjj Fourteenth. Will t>«
Z\ sold as a whole or in
¦_S subdivisions. This is _
> 3 good buy and will la-
i_ «* ; crease in value.
GROVE ST.. NEAR GOUCH.
— — Nos. 406 and «*H
Grove st. Thin prop-
C erty Is located but four
2 blocks wes,t from th»
S •* City Hall. Impre—-
v. F ments consist of 1
dwelling of « room*
SO a : _ each, renting for $«.
Grove.
NINETEENTH ST.. NEAR GTrERRERO.
\ 103:t No*. 3814 to :S»
V . -;-._{ * Nineteenth St.. bet.
\ — > Guerrero and Dolores.
\«ft • Q Improvements oocuoy
V* g onlr 45 ftet front and
\ • 5 consist of 4 nata. For
A 1? 2 factory purposes or a
\ Sbuslness requiring
\ . S " irround ip»c» this Is -
\ ** desirable sit*. Rents
\ n a =u.; ¦**¦
Nineteenth. . Sv"»^
BROADWAY, NEAR STOCKTON BT.
" i«I
•* Nos. T10 to rw Broart-
~? x ~ay. bet. Stockton and
.» Powell sts. Improv*.
m '" mer.ts consist of brlclc
! " £ stable bulldln. and I
I— _¦ _ o frame dwellings. Rents
S .-/ j ? $130 5ft.
1 7« 83:*.
Broadway.
V/ASHINGTON ST., NEAR CENTRA!* AV_,
Washington.
T*STift — 117^11 — No. 8313 Washington
w.w. w.u. gt -^j. beauUru i lot
V overlooks the Presldla
3 reservation and the
? Bay of San Francisco.
-¦* E The Improvements con-
«• aist of .a modern 1*>
t; > room dwelllns in first*
— ¦ class condition, rent*
• ln« for $*>.
VA_ENCIA ST., NEAR TWETNTT-THIRD.
Twenty-t— lrd.
J Nos. 1_» to J2H V*.
x lenda »t. This property
. » will commend Itself ta
_! — ¦ ¦ a Investors. It is now
g «"- ._. g g business property, _n4
£ i7y - ¦ £ will be more so In fivs
as "> years. It rents for t~\
> 2 r Bart!ett--t. lot will t»
¦old separata.
130. )
VALENCIA ST., NE-VR NIXETEBNTH.
< No. S_t Valencia n.
% This Is a business eor-
p t n e r. I m provementi
2 consist of & zood U
a 1 story and basement
l"0. r bulldln.: rents »_.
Cumberland.
CASTRO_BT.. NEAR MARKET.
Southwest corner «•
. as Castro and States sts,
g _ Street work all don«
- 1 r and stone sidewalk.
- Only US fset froai
Market St.
_5. g. g. »:«¦
Castro.
EIGHTEENTH ST.. NEAR CASTROl
3 No. 4U7 Elghteenrt
— -g. St.. bet. Castro and
a -r 8 S 1 Colllng-rood. Good %•
<a- • story frame dwelling
Z of six rooms.
B. P. OLIVER,
Beal Estate Agent and Auctioneer,
. 114 -Montgomery Street.
C7"Friend8 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 8S Clementina street, thence to St.
Brendan's Church, where a requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing: at 9 o'clock. Intermfnt Holy Croeo
Cemetery.
C~Xottce of funeral hereafter. -.'-'-'
ROBERTS— In the City and County Hospital,
December 10, 1900, Ann Roberts, a native of
Ireland, ased 49 years.
STANLEY— In this city, December 9, 1900,
Isaac W., beloved husband of Emma L. Stan-
ley, a native of Placerville. Cal., a_ed 41
years.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are re»pect-
fully invited to attend the- funeral services
this day (Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, at his )ate
residence, 237 Turk street. Interment private.
Please omit flowers. - .
TEMPLE— In Ix>rin, South Berkeley, Decem-
ber 10. 1900, Jennette C, youngest daughter
of the late Isaac and Jane Temple, and be-
Joved sister of Mrs. Henry Schiller and Fan-
»ie E. and Broderick I. Temple, a native of
Ban Francisco, aged 35 years U months and
12 daj-B.
CXotice of funeral hereafter.
TULLY— In this city, December 9, 1900, Mary,
beloved wife of Malachl Tully, sister of Mar-
tin Murphy, and cousin of Mary Ann and
Winnie Hughes, a native of County Mayo,
Ireland, aced 29 years.
E_ r Services and interment Drlvate.
O'NEIL— In this city, December 8, 1900. Mar-
garet, beloved wife of William O'Nell,, and
pister of Patrick and Mary Kelly, and aunt of
James T. Donahue and the late Thomas W.
Kelly, a native of County Cavan, Ireland,
aged 65 years. (Boston papers please copy.)
IT^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 643 Franklin street, near McAllister,
thence to St. Ignatius Church, Hayes street,
where a requiem mass will be celebrated for
th« reoose of her soul, commencing: at 9
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
REGAN— In this city. December 10, 1900, John,
beloved uncle of Timothy and Mary Regan,
a native of Kllmacabee, County Cork, Ire-
land, ased 53 years.
in~FrIends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from Holt's Hall,
Webster street, Alameda, Cal. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland. Body is
at •Fowler's undertaking parlors.
MITCHELL— In this city. December 9. 1900.
John C. Mitchell, father of George M. Mitch-
ell, Mrs. Alice M. Swain and J. S. Mitchell,
a native of Massachusetts.
lE?"The funeral will take place this daj
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of his brother, 720 Ur.lon street. Interment
private. Mount Calvary Cemetery. Please
omit flowers.
MEYER — In Alameda, December 9, 19O0. John
Meyer, beloved husband of Mary Meyer, and
father of Mrs. W. SchoUenberg (a daughter
by adoption) of Oakland, and stepfather of
C. G. Strippel of San Francisco and Al Strip-
pel of Redding, Cal., a native of Bavaria.
Germany, aged 60 years 11 months and 28
days. A member of Joe Hooker Post No. 11,
G. A. R., and Concordia Stamra Xo. 268, 'U.
O. R. M.
(E7FriendB and acquaintances are 'respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
December 13, ' at 8:30 o'clock, from her late,
residence, 270 Ninth street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
¦will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
CroES Cemetery.
KENNEY- In this city, Arthur R, Kenney, Bon
of Arthur E. end Matilda Kenney, a native
of San Frajicli«co. a_ed 1 month and 6 days.
KOEGEL—In Sacramento, December 3, 1900.
Matilda Koegel, beloved wife of Clarence
Koegel, daughter of the late R. H. Pahl. and
sister of J. R. and R. H. Pahl and the late
Emma Gaetjen and Minnie Schmalholz, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 3S years.
LBAHY-ln this city, December 8. 1900, Wil-
liam H. Leahy, beloved son of Mrs. Smith,
and brother of Mrs. O. Rlccomi. Mrs. A.
Johnson. Mrs. T. Maxwell and John Leahy,
a native of San Francisco, a&ed 35 years.
CE~ Friends and acouaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 722 Harrison street, between Third and
Fourth, thence to Et. Patrick's Church,
whtye a solemn requiem hi_h mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Ometery.
HIMES— In Fruitvale, December 10. 1900, Ruby,
daughter of R. S. and Annie M. Hlmeft. a na-
tive of Fruitvale. Cal.. a«ed 4 months and S
daye.
HIRT-In this city. December 10, 1900, Robert
G«i>rpe Hirt, a native of San Francisco, aged
SI years 4 months ajid 10 days.
_7"R«nalns at Metzler's undertaking par-
lors. C36 Washington street.
KEAXE— In this city, December 10, 1900. Mar-
garet Keane, beloved mother of Mrs. J. F.
Connolly. Mrs. James Lovett and James J.,
Martin S. and the late John J. Keane. a na-
. tive of County Clare. Ireland, a«:ed 65 years.
(—"Funeral and interment private. •
HACKWARD— In this city, December 10, 1900,
William, beloved brother of John Hackward,
a native of England, aged 50 years 7 months
and 10 days.
HAGERTT— In this city. December 9, 1900,
Catherine, dearly beloved wife of Jamea Ha-
eerty, and mother of James M. and William
J. Hagerty, and sister of Mrs. H. T. Renton
of Oakland, a native of KIllb*ggan, County
Westmeath. Ireland, aged 34 years 8 months
and 11 dajs.
aged 78 }-eaxs.
FLANNEL- Y- In this city. December 10, 1900,
James, beloved son of Miles and the late
Mary Flannelly, a native of San Francisco,
a^ed 37 ywir-3 9 month* and 24 rtays.
GREENE— In thiB city, December 10. 1900, Iren.e
Hibbard, beloved wife of Nathaniel Greene,
and mother of Florence K. Greene, a native
of Michigan, aged 24 years 4 months and 21
days. (Chicago papers please copy.)
C_~Xotice of funeral hereaiter.
BCKERMAXN- In this city, December 9, 1900,
Charles EJdtermann, a native of Germany,
tive of San Francisco.
late Rose Donohue. and sister of James.
Sarah. George and the late John. Thomas and
Vinnie Donohue and Mrs." F. J. O'Xelll, a na-
her residence, 617 McAllister street, Francis,
dearly beloved daughter of Thomas and the
terment Holy Cross Cemetery by carriage.
DONOHUE— In this city, December 9, 1200. at
(CyFYiende and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
•Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1905 Bush street, thence to St. Marys
Cathedral, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of. his soul. In-
father of Joseph F. Dally, a native of New
York, aged 64 years 11 months and 16 days.
(New York papers please copy.)
{CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock shartf, from the
parlors of -James McMenomy & Son. 1057 Mis-
sion street, thence to St. Francis Church,
where a solemn requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the . repose of her soul, cora-
mencine at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
CRAWFORD— In Sonoma County, Cal.. Decem-
ber 8, 1900, Charlie E. Crawford of Saji Ra-
fael, youngest son of Walter D. and Grace N.
Crawford, aped 14 years 7 months and 21 days.
C~Funeral this day (Tuesday), at 10
o'clock, at San Rafael.
DALLT-In- this city. December 9. 1900, Andrew
J., husband of the late Mary A. Dally, and
(C~F"rlen<is and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, l'S0 l 4 Clara street, between Fifth
and Sixth, thence to St. Patrick's Church,
where a requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul at 10 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
COSOItOVE— In this city, December 8, 1900,
Mary, beloved wife of Patrick H. Oosgrove,
a native of County Mayo. Ireland, ased <>'•<
years and 2S days.
E7 Friends and' acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the, funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence,
1347 Stevenson street. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
CONNOLLY— In this city. December 10. 1000.
Catherine, beloved wife of Patrick Connolly,
and mother jof Mathew F., Colman A., John
J. and Margaret Connolly and Mrs. William
Seher, a native of County Galway, Ireland,
,a:red 62 years.
daughter of Stephen and Annie Clark, and
eUter of Alice. Charlie and Stephen Clark, a
native of San Franc'sco. aged 1 year and 11
months.
ADVERTISEMENTS.Newsboy,; Loses a Leg.
Leland Arlington, - a- newsboy eight
years of age, attempted to cross in front
Do not delay. This week the greatest
shoe bargains in the world.: You can wear
good and stylish shoes ; by> buyin «r them
right in, the right place. $3 shols for me™
and women to-morrow for, Jl 85 a pair at
the assigneejihoe sale of ! the Boston,' 7TC
Market street, near Fourth. : i.
Come Along.
The Manufacturers', and Producers' As
sociation of California Is making prepara
tions for a banquet,' in which the business
men of .the city will be. invited to partici
pate, to be tendered by.the. association as
a welcome to Salifornla 1 to -M.'
Hays, the nes'ly elected president of the
Southern Pacific Company, f The banquet
will take place early in January, shortly
after Mr. Hays' ; arrival In 'thi« city.
To Banquet ' President Hays.
If you travel, fish, hunt or play golf your
constant companion should be Jesse Moore.
* H. T. Bonnalie, a candy manufacturer
at ,704 Sutter street, was arrested yester
day on a warrant charging him with bat
tery. He was released on $20 cash ball
The complaining witness against him is
G. C. Unsworth. painter, 538 McAllister
Unsworth and E. H. Heilman, another
painter were in painting the
walls above Bonnalle's store and were
seated On a platform about ton feet from
the ground. Bonnalie came out and ask
ed: "Is it necessary to have that plat
form It Is annoying to my custo
mers." Lnsworth replledthat it was but
they would be finished In a short time A"
dispute arose, ending by, Bonnalie tipping
over a ladder that supported the platform
and precipitating the two painters to the
ground and scattering the paint over the
street.
.Both painters .were bruised, but fortu
nately no. bones were broken. They made
their way to the Hall of Justice and swore
to the warrant for Bonnalie's arrest.
CAUSES TWO PAIHTERS TO
FALL DISTANCE OF TEN FEET
Decrees of divorce # were granted yester
day to Fierra Gfanbastiani from Josepplna
Glanbastiani on the ground of infidelity;
•Joseph McAuliite from Maggie McAullffe
on the grounds of neglect and failure to
provide; John W. Reardon from Xellle
11. Reardon lor cruelty; Josephine Norton
from James L. Norton for willful. neglect,
end Walter W. Canning from Ruth .E.
Canning for desertion. Mary F. Woods
has ?ued John A. Woods for divorce, al
leging failure to provide as cause of ac
tion. Suits for divorce on the ground of
cruelty were filed yesterday.. by Abram R.
Schoomaker against Anne S. Siihoomaker
Peter H. Sonnesyn against Anne S. 1 Sonne
syn, Mary Monahan against James Mona
han. Bertha Peterson against Nels P.
Peterson and Anna Imhaus against Emile
J. Imhaus.
In the Divorce Court.
The Bes Hive.
In this hive were all alive;
Good treatment makes us funny;
Be not shy, step in and try ; -
If we can't save you money.
Bee Hive. 717 Market street
in explaining the young woman had been
accidentally asphyxiated. Fagan pro
duced the following letter written in a
cramped hand and purporting to be
Miss Bahrs' message of farewell:
Dear Brother and Sister: " I -write this fare
well to you to say that I am broken-hearted
and tired of life. 1 have become prostrated
from unceasing worry and it i» from this cause
alone that I am unfitted for my work. I have
been paid my salary for the past two weeks
from the Gas Consumers' Association, but 1
did not earn the money, and as It was no fault
of theirs that I was unable to work, 1 wi»h
Will would refund them the amount of J37 50
Tell "Will to say to Mr. Randolph that the ac
ccunts were all "kept In good order by me up
to the time I- took sir-k two weeks aso, ami
frcm that time Mr. Taylor has had them in
i-hargf and can account to him for all trans
actions.
Please ask Dr. Whitney for his bil! for ser
vices rendered me for one visit to his office
and Dr. Harris for three visit* to the office.
After paying these bills and funeral expense*
let seme member of the family take charge. of
my bank book, which is In the Safe Deposit
(K-la knows), snd use the money to pay the
care of the cemetery piat (not for myself, but
for thcce that have gone before). My clothes
and personal effect? 1 hope you will divide
amens you. Louise can keep the wardrobe
and en;' trunk.
Deer sisters and brothers, let the -world think
what they will of me, but I. hope you will at
least try to think kindly of your unfortunate
*lster. MEL..
Deputy Flynn brought with him to the
Coroner's office a comparatively new
"piece of tubing which was given him by
Fagan. who said that it. was the piece he
haa found hanging to the gasjet and for
which he had substituted tne old one in
his effort to suppress the fact that Miss
Bahrs had taken her life. An autopsy
showed that asphyxiation by illuminating
gas was the cause of death.
The funeral of the unfortunate young
woman will be held on Wednesday after
noon at 2 o'clock from the Fagan resi
dence on Noe street. The interment will
take- place in Odd Fellows' 'Cemetery.
Miss Bahrs was 24 years old, and for
the past eight years had been a stenog
rapher at the San Francisco Gas 'Con
sumers' Association. There she had been
a great favorite with all her business as
s-ocfates, who sincerely mourn her un
timely end.
THE LATE MISS. AMELIA
BAHRS, WHO COMMITTED
SUICIDE BY ASPHYXIATION.
TIME cannot stale the wit nor can
age dull the poetry of "Pygmalion
and Galatea." Last night it was
revived at the Alcazar Theater and
proved a most enjoyable entertain
ment, even to those of us (alas, the flying
years!) who can remember the beautiful
Madge Robertson when she played Gala
tea at the old Haymarket to the unctuous
Chrysos of the venerable Buckatone.
Buckstone has long been withered to a
little thin dust and Madge Robertson has
faded into Mrs. Kerdal, but the beauty of
"Pygmalion and Galatea" can never fade,
and we have still our bliss!
Mr. Hall, with his training In the ro
mantic drama, was entirely at home in the
part of Pygmalion. He spoke the blank
verse admirably (no easy task) and car
ried off the difficult love scenes with the
art that conceals art. Mr. Webster as
Chrysos was irresistibly humorous; comic
oldmen are evidently his line, and. not
"heavies." May he never again be per
suaded to depart from his specialty. My
rine I have never seen better looked than
it was by Miss Stockwell. nor Daphne bet
ter played than It was by Miss Belmore.
Miss Atwood's Cynlsca was, I think, the
best "elocuted"'(if one may use the word)
part in the entire representation. In Gal
atea Miss Convere had an extremely dif
ficult role and one entirely outside the
range of those to which she Is evidently
accustomed- To look Galatea was easy
enough for ner, but to represent the grad
ual awakening of Galatea to sub-con
sciousness and then to consciousness, her
innocent wisdom and her unwise inno
cence, her grief at hearing that she has
brought grief to the man she loves, her
tender devotion and her stern abnegation
— all this calls for a higher intelligence
and a finer technique than are needed for
leading roles in nine plays out of ten.
This intelligence and this technique I am
Cogill & Cooper's comedians presented
"All Mixed," a, rattling good three-act
farce-comedy, at Fischer's Concert House
last night,- and; a packed house lauehed
heartily for : three hours. - Charles W
Cogill v as Mr. Dawson, the tutor, and"
Georgie Cooper as . Mme. Polenta thp
music; teacher, carried off the > particular
honors. ¦¦ After the regularperformance a
vaudeville entertainment was' given in
which Tom Mack, barytone, Nellie Bruce
an acrobatic dancer, and Sid Baxter'
aerial juggler, were clever participants'
New moving pictures were also shown -
Fischer's Concert House.
The headliners at the Chutes are' the
Jacksons in the club juggling and boxing
act, and A.M. Powers; . monologist and
vocalist. Other good numbers are the
Franks, sketch artists; Harry Walton
Chinese impersonator; Nathalie de An
geles and little Doris, in coon songs- Vio
lets Johnston, violin soloist, and new
moving pictures.
Chutes.
The bill at the Olympla this week is far
above the average. Hunt's dog circus is
of more than usual excellence* Mabel
Hudson, continues to be popular and Mae
Leondor made a big hit last evening. Al
together the show is a good exhibition of
first-class vaudeville.
Olyinpia.
The Orpheum management has edu
cated the public to such a point that me
dlocer talent can no longer hope to
achieve success. Hence there is a de
mand for first-class and high-priced art
ists, and the Orpheum gets them. The
star this week is Spenser Kelly, a. bary
tone singer of the first order. He Is one
of the best that ever appeared at this
popular place of amusement. Billy Ahem
and Annabella Patrick do a clever turn in
singing and dancing. Hal Davis and Inez
Macauley do a sketch very cleverly with
out horseplay,, and- the Harmony Fou
have caught, on. The holdovers retain
their hold on popular appreciation.
Orpheum.
"A Hot Old Time" is still holding down
the boards at the Alhambra Theater and
to the tune of full houses every night
The farce has been brought thoroughly
up-to-date. . '
Alhambra.
The farce-comedy, "A" Bell Boy," at
tracted another large audience to the
California Theater last night. The coon
songs of Tom Morse and the specialties
of L. J. Harvey and Bessie Marlowe are
the most enjoyable features of the piece
In other respects the jokes are stale and
the stage business is not original. ,
California.
Alice Nielsen is in her last week at the
Columbia, but her audiences are as en
thusiastic as on the first night that the
charming comedienne made her Initial
bow to the town as a star. Last night
ushered in the last three performances
of the bright and catchy "Fortune Teller "
and on Ihursday "The Singing Girl" 'is
aeain to be put on to fill out the last
nights of the engagement.
Columbia.
The settings are unique in their happy
Interpretation of Japanese scenery, and
the light effects, which play no small part
in filling in the picture of cherry blossom
•land, are wonderfully effective. Miss
Juliet Crosby, who plays the title role,
seems to grow stronger in the part with
every performance, and her acting holds
the house enthralled. The play will run
for some time more, so popular has it be
come. -
Lucius Henderson, the actor- pianist, ar
rived in the city last evening and will
shortly appear as the new leading man of
the Alcazar Theater stock company. Mr.
Henderson is well known In San Francisco
and was last seen here as a member of
Edwin Royle's company, in the plays of
Friends and "Captain Impudence."
"Madame Butterfly," which fully llvea
up to its title of the strongest one-act
play ever written, continues to prove the
big attraction at the Alcazar, and entered
last night on its second week.
The little tragedy tells the simple story
of a Japanese girl, Madame Butterfly,
who imagines herself the wife of an
American naval lieutenant. She discovers
that she has been deceived and ends her
life with the same sword with which she
had threatened one of the lieutenant's
traducers.
sure Miss Convere showed. The interest
with which the audience followed the play
is merely another proof of what 1 have
long asserted — that managers can always
nnd a public to appreciate the best if they
will but present that best in good shape.
L. DU PONT SYLE.
James Gonzales. son of a Guatemalan
planter, was acquitted by a jury In Judge
Lawlor*s court yesterday by instructions
of the Judge on a charge of robbery. He
was accused of holding up Benjamin Hes.=»
a young man living at 403 Oak street. Au
gust 17 last near his residence. Hess tea
tified that he could not identify the de
fendant as the man.
Acquitted of Bobbery.
ALCAZAR HAS TWO
FINE ATTRACTIONS
The bill of the San Francisco Gas, and
Electric Company for November was held
up on an objection raised by Reed, who
said the company had charged for erect
ing electric light masts in certain districts
when the terms of the r contract ¦<¦ placed
the expense upon the company.
The clerk "of the Board of Supervisors
was directed to : ascertmn the , assessed
of the . real and* personal ¦ prop
erty of the People's Mutual Telephone
Company under the assessment levied on
tne flrBt Monday- In- March, 1900. y
The Board of Health was requested to
furnish a list of the employes of its de
partment and the amount of salaries paids
them; also to present an itemized state
ment at. the end of each month showing
the expenditures for supplies and mainte
nance and the balance in each fund
The ordinance making it unlawful i to
adulterate food, with any deleterious drug
was referred to the joint Committee on
Judiciary and Health.
An ordinance directing the Recorder to
issue to widows and children of -United
States soldiers and marines certified cop
ies of the marriage certificates of such
soldiers and marines free of charge was
referred to the Judiciary Committee
The petition, of the Twentieth Century
Athletic Club > for permission to give a
boxing exhibition In January was referred
to the Police Committee. ¦•„ . * . ¦¦ .
An ordinance was referred to the Judi
ciary Committee providing for the issu
ance by the Health Office of certified cop
ies from the records of the Board of
Health of certificates of births and deaths
and fixing the fee to be charged there
for. The ordinance exempts children and
widows of United States soldiers and ma
rines. * v-
Another attempt to pave downtown
streets was made when a resolution was
passed to print requesting the Board of
Public Works to recommend the paving
with asphalt or bituminous rock , on a
concrete foundation of- Washington, Clay
and Sacrament* streets ' between Mont
gomery and Sa^omefnd Pine street from
Sarsome to Battery. . . .-:
McCarthy objected to the resolution,* as
he considered that -a basalt or vitrified
brick pavement-was superior to the other
The ordinance authorizing the Board of
Public Works to expend the sum of I $457
out of the urgent necessity fund to pro
vide for the heating and ventilation: of
the chambers of the Board of Supervisors
was referred to the Finance Committee.
An ordinance providing for a bookkeep
ing expert to the Board of Supervisors at
a salary of $250 per month, to assist It in
making the investigation into the prop
erty values of the Spring ..Valley Water
Company, was referred to the Water
Committee. ; . • . ¦ • '
A resolution was adopted declaring it
the intention of the board to appropriate
in the next tax levy the sum of $17,000 for
the purchase of the Bay View farm, to. be
used as a site for the Pesthouse. •'.'¦- ¦
The ordinance directing the Board of
Public Works to lit up rooms and offices
for various boards and officers In the City
Hall at an expense of $6500 went over for
two weeks. Reed objected to the expendi
ture, as it was not provided for In the tax
budget. The discussion provoked a wordy
tilt between Reed and Uraunhart, who
fathered the ordinanc«, both members
taking the opportunity to air in public
their private differences.
The Mayor stated • that . the demands
were being paid under an agreement with
the company, which had reduced its rates
and pending the result of the litigation, as
to whether the old ordinance licensing
nickel machines affected telephone boxes.
McCarthy, however, held that no . such
agreement was valid In the face of the
charter provision which prohibits the pay
ment of demands to. any corporation in
debted to the city.
phone Company on demands for tele
phones used by the city departments. Mc-
Carthy and Reed made a strong plea for
the passage of the resolution on the sub
ject. The Auditor had been cited to ap
pear before the board and show cause
why suit should not be brought, but he
failed to put in an appearance.
McCarthy reiterated his contention that
under the charter the demands were be
ing paid illegally, as the telephone com
pany owed large sums to the city for
license taxes on nickel telephone ma
chines, i
"1 understand," said McCarthy, "that
the Auditor, who has been cited to ap
pear here, has no intention of doing so.
He bases his reason for signing the tele
phone demands on the ground that the
Finance Committee had signed them first.
This board once directed the Auditor not
to audit these demands, and he persists
in doing so. and says he will continue to
do so. I think it is time that this city
should get a little of what is owing to It
by the telephone company."
moneys paid to the Pacific States Tele-
The Board of Supervisors yesterday di
rected the City Attorney to bring suit
against Auditor Wells for the amounts of
Seeks to Recover Moneys
Illegally Paid for Its
Telephones.
CITY WILL SUE
AUDITOR WELLS
The family of Miss Bahrs at first glance
jravr out that the death of the youns
woman was arcld*>ntal, but later made all
the- facts of the case known through the
Coroner and his deputies. The attempt to
wcrmtu th*> f=uic!d<? was done solely for the
purjK^e of avoiding the unpleasant no
torkty that would necessarily follow a
****.<•$ nf suicide. 'Mr. Fagan admitted
:>ll this to th«» Coroner and his deputies
*nd explained how ne arranged the room
in which the body was found in such a
mai.ner that its appearance would bear
him out in his false statements. He
also admitted having placed an ol<i.
worn-out tub*; on the ga«jet and having
BMnro the deputy Coroner its many leaks
Broken in health and despondent,
Amelia Hahr*. Filter of Judge Bahrs,
committed suicide yesterday morning
at the home of her brother-in
law and eister. Mr. and Mrs. Wil
linm Fa g an. ST Not- street. The young
woman chose the p.is route to end her
p'jff'Tinge and inhaled illuminating gap
from a gas lamp through a tube which
the placed In h<=r mouth.
Broken in Health and De
spondent Amelia Bahrs
Takes Her Life.
CHOSE GAS ROUTE
TO END IT ALL
During Governor Waterman's adminis
tration there was a clash between the
executive and legislative departments that
resulted in disaster to the taxpayers. The
Governor thought the Legislature was too
liberal in voting away public money and
therefore sought to check the seeming ex
travagance by a vigorous exercise of the
veto power. The members of the Legis
lature thought that the executive was in
clined to act in a high-handed manner
Republicans and Democrats entertaining
the opinion that the Governor's objections
were inimical to the welfare of the State
formed an alliance in each branch of the
Legislature and passed over the veto the
measures which the Governor objected to
The conditions are favorable for a re
markably low rate of taxation for the
closing years o£ Governor Gage's admin
istration. There are no signs that the
Legislature will be extravagant in the ap
propriation of public money. The State
la prosperous at the present time and
there are many indications of increasing
prosperity for the future. The assess
ment roll is likely to be unusually large.
The tax rate diminishes as the roll 'of
taxable "property expands. It is In the
power of the State Board of Equalization
to bring about a low tax rate by return
ing an unusually large assessment roll.
Assuming that the Legislature will not
be extravagant and that the State Board
of Equalization will increase the assess
ment roll to a considerable extent the pre
diction may be safely made that the tax
rate for Governor Gage's fourth year in
office will be one of the lowest If -not
actually the lowest ever recorded in Cal
ifornia. :- ; '." ¦.
The danger of a slight clash between
the executive and legislative departments
must always be considered. By the. ex
ercise of tact, judgment and firmness the
chief executive may be able to carry out
his own policy and avoid collision with
the legislative branch of the government.
Leaders in each house can generally hold
in check impulsive members who want to
take the bit in their teeth and ride over
executive vetoes.
The tax levy provided a surplus ex
ceeding a million dollars, which was car
ried over to lower the rate for the last
two years of his term. He contended that
Governor Markham left an empty treas
ury and a load of accumulated obligations
for the State to pay. The Pasadena
statesman, however.' insisted - that he
(Markham) left the treasury in better con
dition than he found It, and that he be
queathed to his successor fewer obliga
tions than he inherited from his prede
cessor.
When Governor Budd went Into the exe
cutive office six years ago he encouraged
the Legislature to make ample appropria
tions to liquidate outstanding obligations
and meet contemplated deficiencies. The
suggestion was accepted by a Republican
Legislature and the result was an ex
ceptionally high State tax for the first
year of his incumbency.
At the present time there is consider
able comment among hold-over Senators
and members-elect, to the effect that Gov
ernor Gage has resolved to adopt a stren
uous policy of retrenchment, and In his
message will urge that economy of the
strictest sort be observed by the law
makers. The Governor is said to be anx
ious to make the tax levy for the last
year of his incumbency the lowest in the
history of California.
The Legislature usually appropriates at
each regular session a sum in excess of
J13.000.000 for maintaining the State gov
ernment for a term of two years. After
a free exercise of the veto prerogative
by the Governor the amount actually al
lowed at each session approximates the
sum of $12,000,000. This sum la sufficient
to meet the expenses of State govern
ment for a period of two years.
Governor Gage Expects to
Break the Record for
Economy.
LOW RATE ON
STATE TAXES
of a car at Powell and Clay streets last
night and fell. Before the gripma'n could
stop the car th© child's left leg
went under the wheels. He was pick
ed up by a number of bystanders and car
ried to the butcher shop opposite the
place of the accident and was then, trans
ferred to the Receiving Hospital. Drs.
Bunnell and Putnam found It necessary
to amputate his left leg below the knee
and set a fracture of the left thigh. The
boy is now hovering between life and
death.
me, and we were soon on the train speed
ing away for the United States. Tele
gTams were soon flying thick and fast in
every direction in an effort to catch us,
but we arrived safely in New York. My
uncle was greatly enraged and vowed he
would never write me nor see me again.
'""With $10,000, my share of my mother's
estate, I came to Vancouver, B. C, and
speculated In land. I was very unfortu
nate, and finally drifted to San Francisco,
where I arrived dead broke.
"I had some fine family jewels and I
pawned these to raise money to pay Mr.
Friedman the first Installment on the fur
niture of my lodging-house. Somehow I
managed by hard work and economy to
pay for the furniture, which I afterward
moved into the old Porter mansion, on the
corner of California and Powell streets.
"I lived there with my boarders and
roomers very happily until Mrs. Florence
Blythe-Moore concluded she wanted
the ; house, and had me ousted,
with only a month's notice and
no recompense. Now, there is just
one thing that I have determined to
do so far with my money, an.d that is if
the property can be purchased I'll buy the
Porter mansion and endow it as an asy
lum for the deaf and dumb. I'll do this
and let Mrs. Florence Blythe-Moore know
how It feels to be treated shabbily.
"I have one sister, Mrs. Tessie Good
rich of Minneapolis, and a sister-in-law,
Mrs. Jennie Batson, who now lives in
Montreal. The wealth, however, goes to
sister and ma."
Miss Kerns has never married, but sig
nifies her intention of doing so if the right
man comes along. She is nearly 40 years
of age, refined and of striking figure and
carriage. It is needless to say that she
will have suitors enough, but she will not
take the first who presents himself. Miss
Kerns says:
"My experience as a landlady has made
me a good reader of human nature, ana
now I mean to travel and see the -world
In its pleasing phases, without thinking of
poverty and bills, bills, bills."
Her sister, Mrs. Goodrich, is the wife ol
State Land Agent Aaron Goodrich of Min
neapolis.
FIVE MILLIONS LEFT
BY UNGLE
TO MISS LIZZIE KERNS
Boarding - House Mistress Is
HeiFess to Great Fortune. :!,
FROM the life of a boarding-house
keeper, with an income barely suf
ficient to pay the. butcher and the
baker, to a life" of wealth and ease
is the experience of Miss Lizzie
Kerns of 1409 Leavenworth street. Miss
Kerns yesterday received the following
telegram' informing her . of her changed
position in the world:
MONTREAL.,. Canada, Dee. .8, 1900.
To Miss Lizzie Kerns, J409 " Leavenworth
street, San Francisco: Our Uncle Edward died
November 25 last. Left about five millions to
us sisters and other relatives. .[ You must oome
to Montreal at once. Your sister, _-''¦ JANE.
Bade of this there is yet another story—
a story of romance, with wedding bells,
a runaway girl, an estrangement of thirty
years and deathbed forgiveness.
That Miss Kerns Is overjoyed at her
gpod fortune is not to be wondered at.
When seen last night at her home she
said:
"Of course, the news made me happy,
and, as is quite natural, has made, me
somewhat excited. But excitement of this
nature is exhilarating, and I, like it.
"Just think of it," she continued, throw
ing up her hands in her glee. "I shall no
longer be frightened by-, the landlord's
knock for rent nor the grocer's bill. And'
I will say one thing posltively-that I'll
never keep boarders or roomers again.
"When I was a young girl my parents
died and I was adopted by my uncle, Ed
ward Kerns. Uncle Edward was a rich
speculator and made most of his fortune
in railroad stocks and In the deep cut
canal.
"When I was 18 years old my uncle de
cided', that I should marry Senator Gibson
of Ottawa, and the^wedding ceremony was
to take place at 8 "o'clock on the evening
of my birthday. The bridesmaids were
there and all preparations had been made
for a formal church service at Christ's
Church, but fate and an unwilling bride
ruled otherwise. It was to be a marriage
of December and May. Senator Gibson
was 72 years old and I Just 18.
"At 6 o'clock in the evening, two hours
before the time set for the wedding, I
coaxed my waiting maid to run away with
THE SA^ fM fl U S tu A u, TUESDAY, DECEMBER II, 1900.
12
ADVERTISEMENTS.
¦
Wondering
about that present ? Suppose
you go down this line.
China
Orookory
Glassware
Fancywaro
Jandlncros
Lamps— Ornament*
Silver ware
Busts— Figures
Dinner Sets
FHbSets
Game Sets
Onyx Tables
Cups, Saucers >
Plates, Salad
Sets, Berry
Sots, Toilet
Sets, Vases
Clocks, Steins
Everything that's Beau-
tiful for Christmas
Our Prices
Just Like Finding Money.
Great Amencaii Importin£ Tea Go.
CITY STORES.
210 Grant Ave., bet. Post and 8ntt«i>
861 Market St., opp. Powell.
140 Sixth 6t. 1419 Polk 8t.
1 12 Third St. 1819 Devfeadero SU
146 Ninth St. 20O8 Filimore St.
3006 Sixteenth St. 921 Montgomery A*.
2616 Mission 8t. 8288 Mission St.
70S Larfcln St. 3T82 24th St.
8C5 Hayes St. 4T5 Hal ah t St.
62 Market St.
OAKLAND STORES.
1063 Washington 8t 1237 Broadway.
1186 23rd Ave. 616 E. 12th St.
* 151 0 Seventh St.
ALAMEDA-1366 Park St.
6AM RAFAEL-B St.. near Foartfc,
30 Days Only,
raffia
% $$ DISCOUNT i
on All Plates, Crowns and ?
Brldj*ework.
Fillings, 50c Crowns, $3.50 I
Plate., SS.OO Foil Set :
CHICAGO DENTAL PARLORS,
24 Sixth Street. ;
1)R.MCOTLTY.
THIS WEIX-KNOWTf AND RKMABLE OLD
Specialist evres Blood Poison, Gonorrhoea.Glee:,
Strlctnrc Seminal Weakness. Impotpnceancl thrtr
allied Plsortlprs. Rook on Diseases of Men. free, k
OTeriOyears'expereiice.Terimreasonahie. Hour*. &
9to3d»lly:«:30to*.20eT'gs. MnndnyivlOto 13. Consul,
tatlon f reeaad sacredly conllden UaL Call or address
P. ROSCOE McXCLTY, 31. D.
80}* Kearny sit., San Francisco, CtU
Halo's.
Hale's.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
i^&^S^^vii N 1 j m h P'PQ #
Mm^^W Afu liUlllUulOi Jf
f' >^V^^5^a> I^EHHJj/ Vj reoresents eviry new idea, ip
.j@P*$ij«S /**'¦* \m^"' \ in fabric and fashion that
WM^^M^t^^^rT^ri — $&t^ I't Berlin, the horns of this j[
\S& lliit iattli^**' Pfeff 1 u JV • ca ' iS °t £°°&s> is showing \Jr
*$fr \ I It III /•' and we won't STRJLJN \S,
» \\-^ 1 H»™B^ I ) ' ' ; l// Y0UR p U R S E EITHER M
S| open nights until Christmas. { W\
I a sale demonstrating the
Hale supremacy in dolls.
Jointed doll, 15 inches rrX3^\; , *^ o . 15 — 2I Inches
long — moving eyes— Jp)S*sjt> - o? ? ~ hip and kn «
, j 1 • iy/,0» ®i\L\ Joints — moving eve<;
shoes and stockings M£VfA shoes and stoUfr^Z
Kid doll, 17 inches Jj^^-^B^) make 9LM:3
long - moving eyes- J\ 1) ; J? lntcd . doll _ 2 t
. . , • i inches long — movW
shoes and stockings- f eyes-shoes and s*SS
Kestner make — worth m r ings $2.5f>
$1.25— on sale 08c Kid doll — moving
Jointed doll. 17H yJf-^^J «yf s — hi P.. and knee
. , , : fy i 1 v\ joints — bisque arms
inches long — moving %iT I «$ J shocs s tock "^__
eyes— shoes and stock- iy^yj Kestner make... $3.40
ings — Kestner make >-/:'w' Jointed dolls — 2S '
$1.39 ¦ K inches long — moving '.
TcYa r'Aftil T it ;«<-k». c— l\i-£ cves — shoes and stock-
Kid doll-21 inches V?W - ings-Kestner make-
long — moving eyes— ||j |J|J worth $5.00 93.7.1
shoes and . stockings — IM Ml Kid doll — moving
hip joints $1.3O «Cy eyes — knee and hip
Jointed doll — 19 9f joints — shoes and stock-
inches long — moving ings — sewed wig-
eyes — shoes and stock- ffl f" JX bisque arms — 26*4
ings — Kestner make.... > \ ,O £f m~J inches long — Kestner
$1.60 ¥>*'-"«-' make 95-4J>
r'lanc to-day makes the last trip of the year in
a Ilia his antomobilt His route will be from
, Market to Guerrero, to Nineteenth, to Valencia, to Twenty- fourth,
to San Jose avenue, to Twenty-sixth, to Folsom, to Twentieth, to
Howard, to Fifteenth, to Mission, to Eighth, to store.
• C nn t/, rjni, c for a few more mornings will continue tc
Odllld VldUb rcce i vc his young friends in his ice pal-
ace at Hale's between the hours of 10 and 12 o'clock.
1212-1214 MARKET^ ST.,
Bet. Taylor and Jore3. -.
LOOK OVER THESE jn n)l V
B!6 OFFERS FOR IU"UMT
all over; * \^j$H/JW] till \ffT\
x^eff ef " lWiwii //Illl'ttk 1 ' \
through- I I wftJcCi . ; !' L Jwii \
outcome fiii!jJf|lHa j i ' MJirW^A
over at *X.33/^\«/V^^
our price "K^? " 7 ~/% '^*"/5j' «\'' ¦
Women's Moreen Underskirts^
Trimmed with 10-lnch ruffle of Cf|n
accordeon plaiting— $1 quality — OUu
on sale at. r.
Rainy DayfOverskirts,
In different shades of . gray ; A f "Jf"
|3 quality— on sale at...... 'Oh lO
•7N^ * Handkerchiefs,
/f/n5T^w . Made of fine
A&J4i$$iii:\Z\ lawn, bor-,
''Aj&C^ysS&M.' dered *wlth.
: fc?Sv ? 5t=v^iJ^ wide Duchess
'Av^BKs&ijar- ' ¦'¦ lace; 25c qual- «r _
imfSmi'mT lty ~ on pale IOC
Children's Automobile Jackets,
In tan, red or blue; sizes 2 to (in nr
*-«n sale at..;.;..:..... ......... JJ,'/ Q.
¦.'../ ; ¦:*-... I ' .: '¦ ¦ '¦¦:'¦''
Women's Flannel Nightgowns,
-Cut "full .-and long; all sizes— oh A r^
"Bale at. lX\\u
'M Hints to ro
¦u Musical
JIl# "•¦*•*" "~ . gjfi
va£ Below are jorae valuable and *5rJ
.A*J timely nuprtreytlone. which make. // j
I'V) Tn( st a^^Ptable presents to any - / -W
aT ' p«*rson5 musically inclined: Vvr
Tic Stetomy Piano*. • . MM
JOL Reirina Muflc Boxe*. «5r/J
M**( Ptewart and Rauer Banjos, - iTf/
.< { Guitar* and MandoKns. • • Cwj
fUf Zon-o-phoni^. th» improved 1 \?%
\ l^t Gramophone*. . /I IT
SVf Banfl Instruments — f'ourtols. \A,' a
* J: Thibnuville, Marl»*au and JS^l
UQ Mahillon. !*££/
{¦ \ Columbia Zithers. \imri
1 1 (i Meloharps. ym /
\ 'J, Autoharp«. rt?f
k Yl Dewelin Harp*. KvlF>"
1 Wl Instrument Cases. f\l5r
JkV Music Rolls. Stands and Cabl- ' J , iB
fSf Handsomely bound volumeVof — of I
*yt the work? of the moet fa- iO//
i7l mnui composer*. XfJ
If it UhiFtrated eong- " books 'for • fr'\
\lfd Children of aJl ayef>. etc. NfeU
*\Jl Sherman, Clay & Co. irlve . \ y
KB their . personal guarantee that flTi
r) every article purchased is first 'i?37
I > >!spe in every particular. Any- Xr j
IK thIn *f rurchased will be reserved w?7J
i #P, find delivered when ordered. F&
<i\ Wilt "the Kslesrooms of fiher- liT
' W man. Clay &• Co. and your se'.ec- \k\
Hi tions for ChriFtn-.as can be mad* *# (
isX with eai"". comfort and satis- l /
m Sherman, Clay & Co. uf
Y\A Stcinway Piaao Dealers, \\A
JAf Cor. Kearny & Sutter sts.. S. F. V
rvTi Cor. 13th & Broadway. Oakland. \ Q
Y\h Cor. Park and Washington.' CcSt
\\t| Portland. . jWV 1
IV? 711 Second ave., Seattle. ; iXj{.
The "DANN" RECLINING CHAIR fafifffc
A Handsome Christmas /isjpy
Haty and Cat«*ort3Ve. i&BH3»Sy'
Price $15. Come and see It.
W. A. SCHROCK,
19 New Montgomery Street.