no_textTHE SUNDAY CALL.
2THE SUNDAY CALL.
3Did You Ever Try
to Photograph
an Indian?
THERE is tot ,,{ P feat more difficult
than I&tzodacX an Indian to the
bathtub, irni fc : ,t Is to make him
face a camera.' K. S. Curtis is prob
ably the only -^ f face" who Is past
grand master oi tn»- irt of photographing
Indians. The faunwj Curtis collection of
Indian pictures r.uwVm exhibition at the
art store or WlUfon Morris Is attracting
a great deal of • i ti me»t. The pictures
won the first pri/,- u the recent National
Photographic Ctarvt] tion. and aside from
Ihclr photograph , artistic value they
are of ethno'^. t , .-; Leresfc
For the koi.i! i>.Jj thesu pictures are
irresistible. Only ;fc "button pressers"
realize the difflc;:.tvif photographing In
dians. To go an; ..j the red men armed
with a camera tJtj means inevitable
defeat. The 1 .<! .;s the photographer's
Waterloo.
There isn't any Mystery about th»>
methods of Mr. . u^s. The averasr«- In
dian -will neither iA cajoled nor bullied
into posing. Mr. Curtis does very littlo
urging. His rule isgan old one — "money
talks." It is with fold and silver bait
that he catches th« Indian and '-harms
away his lngrai^f aversion for the
camera.
Th« average Irxl^n, says, Mr. Curtis,
has a price for his superstitious camera
misgivings. Mr. C.ttls has been forced
to pay an obdurate Jidian as much aa ten
dollars to "look ple*ant. please." From
fifty cents to 1U> dclars- is the usual pay
ment dem.inded by :|e reluctant red man.
Mr. Curtis has tnfeled among alV sorts
and conditions of Ugians and has had all
manner of interesting experiences -with
them. Prom the frfceen peaks of Alaska
to the burning sandjof Arizona Mr. Cur
tis has folL.w • ¦<! In ;»• wake of the Indian.
"Wherever tht- wi^w^a squats this stdo of
the Rockies he h$ar "ventured— Alaska,
British Columbia, fanada. Washington.
Montana, Idaho. Orfjon, Arizona— and the
list Is still ir.compl.le.
Among the K .1, tfoot people, whose
reservations nre taSted In among the
foothills of the R.fky Mountains. Mr.
Curtis Is regarded I as a brother. He
went among them tyee years ago and re
mained many monfts. ¦ finally breaking
through the impassable barriers
to their ccnfjfen<-»|
. The BlackfSt p«|le h.*o a sun dance
once a year. comnvirinK in the first week
In July and lustiaeifive days. They are
five days crammed! with wetnl customs
that few white mwjfhave been permitted
to witness. Mr. COrtls Is one of these
fortunate few. 3 '. ' — •
*• "Even more interacting than the snake
dance of the Mwpfc." says Mr. Curtis,
"is the sun dance of;the Blackfoot people.
The 'snake dance" of the Moquis hai
been much exploited but the "sun dance"
is almost unheard ft It was only through
the friendship of White Calf, chief of the
Blackfoot tribe, tlut I was allowed to be
present during the aBremonies. As I had.
by various means, mdeared myself to his
people there was Utfle protest agamst my
presence. P
"I found these Iidtans comparatively
easy to photograph^ thanks to the inter
vention of White C4lf, and In addition to
the usual 'open scfune' —money. How
ever, despite even \Mb combination, I had
some trouble and jnce almost lost my
scalp. It is the custom of the men to col
lect the logs for 'ae lodges constructed
for the sun dance. 1 wished to get a pic
ture of them ridi* back from one o:
these wood sortiesiand stationed myself
accordingly. Thrw horsemen dashed into
sight, at the head a Indian called 'Small
Leggins,' who ha<i a particular disgust
for the camera. I got the picture, but
the quick ey«-s of 'Small Leggins* saw
what I was about sad with an angry cry
he headed his hon* for me. Intending to
ride over me. By i miracle of good luck
Chief White Calf, riding from- the other
direction, saved rzy life. Afterward I'
won the friendship of Small Leggins.
but he never !os: bi3 distrust for the
camera.
"White Calf, tho;:;h he urged the others
to pose, was very coy when it came to-
Viking the medxeir* himself. Finally he
consented. I wft- nxl |! • to fret him not
only becauseV hFwat ti\«f but he is one
of the few baldhracjd Indians I have ever
heard of. He appeared as promised, but
alas' instead of th^J picturesque everyday
parb he was got -r> regardless In a faded
misfit blue unifctn. obtained heaven
knows how. His t*ld head was covered
with an elaborate blond wig. on which
perched an army bat several sizes to
small.
"I had some ver| amusing experiences
with the Navalo Indians. I Invariably
travel among the Sidians with an inter
preter chosen fron! their number for his
bowing acqualntarw with English. The
Interpreter makes it mars you. as on his
cleverness depends ithe good or bad Im
pression made on the Indians. Fortu
nately the young Interpreter was
one of the few clcvfr ones I have had.
"We had pitchfi!?our tent at nightfall
near a little sprirj. On tho morrow at
daybreak we were; encircled by Indians
who commanded tttit I be bundled out of
the country at once Crops had been bad
last year, and they feared my presence
and that of the wicked camera would
blight those of th:» year. My young In
terpreter rose to tie occasion and askeil
to state our cause before a iarge gather-
Ing. He summent 1 ! younger men. know
ing they were less superstitious than their
elders. Irrsolon-.n row-wow It was decided
that I could remain among them, but must
move from the spring at once, as that
would certainly dry up If I stayed."
It Is the Intention of Mr. Curtis to con
tinue his photographic work among th*»
Indians for at lea.-'t five years. He will
then have a collei-t'.cn of pictures not only
of artistic beauty but of historical im
portance.
THE SITNllY CALL.
45A bucksaw is not a saw warranted not
to buck, and the fair amateurs must have
made sliver pincushions . of their dimpled
knees long before the task was ended.
They had a lawn festival for the benefit
of a 'New Jersey church the other day,
and a lot of pretty girls sawed wood for
a prize. It was hard wood, and they had
to saw each length into three pieces with
an ordinary bucksaw.
THE MAIDENS AND THE SAW.
me. ' * '
"Come on. the bunch of you," concluded
the man with the sun-peeled nose, "I'm
doing the buying."— Washington Post.
"I was back In Washington two days
later. I didn't go to the office on the
morning after I got back, but sat dawd
ling- at my breakfast. As I sat at the table
in our basement dining-room there was
a ring at our basement bell, and I went to
the door. There stood. my man of letters
in # a gray uniform. He wore a.' broad grin
as he handed me my morning mail, and
then- I remembered how it was that this
man of letters' face was so familiar to
"So 1 began to put 'em over for the ben
efit of this man of letters. He smiled in
dulgently | at me as I went along, but he
didn't heave in many remarks himself to
speak of, except 'I guess that's so,' or
'Yes, you're right there, I think,' or 'It's
a matter that I haven't investigated as
carefully as I should.' \t looked pretty
easy then, and. I went right along and let
him have all I knew, without any further
fear of a call-dawn. My neighbor seemed
to be greatly entertained over the wealth
cf information I was unfolding, and I was
meditating upon what a sin and a shame
it was that I hadn't been picked, out as
the bead of a college several years ago.
."'Man of letters; eh?' I thought, as I
looked him over. 'Well, here's where I've
got to get on my mettle, I suppose, and
talk about Carthaginian history and Ko
rean' ceramics, and the passing of the
feudal period.' and stunts like that, just to
show this man of letters what a dickens
of a bright cuss I am myself when I get
my sleeves rolled up. It's about' ten to
one that he'll collar me and make me look
Ike a Patagonlan plaster if I make the lit
tlest kind of a break.*-
" 'Shake hands with Mr. So-and-So. a
Washington man of letters,' said my
friend to me, nodding toward his compan
ion, and I shook with the man,, whose
countenance was somehow familiar to me.
• , "Down at one of the river resorts near
the bay," said the man with the sun
peeled nose, "I met a neighbor of mine on
, the hotel ."verandal .' He was in.-conversa
tion with an elderly, dignified looking
man., whose face was somewhat familiar
to me. although vaguely. -
HE WAS A MAN OF LETTERS
Ikey— Fader, do you t'ink It vos true dot
effery man has his brice?
His Father— Veil, a good many of dern
has; undt, vot's more, dey can be chewed
down.— Puck.
FRAIL HUMAN NATURE.
"Yes, I see. "Well, you won't do. I
want a boy who will take part of his pay
in dental work,"— Chicago Tribune.
TOO' SOUND.
"I see you're advertising for a boy.
Howil I dor'
"You look all right. How are your
teeth r
"My teeth? They're perfectly sound.
You can look at 'em."
AS IT SEEMED TO HIM.
Now, the two had loafed all morning'
and bad caught nothing.
"Fish run in schools, I understand/'
said one.
"They. do," added the other.
At that moment the one raised his book
and looked at it.
"Thl3 must be vacation time," he add
ed. — Harper's Bazar.
Detroit Free Press.
A light heart is a blessing, except, per
haps, when it results from a light head.
sylvania, has saved an express train from
destruction by taking off^her red petticoat
and wavinfc it' as a signal.
Miss Tenspot— O. dear, I could never do
anything like that. -^
"Why not?"
"Because I don't wear red petticoats."
Miss Gllgal (reading) — A girl In Penn-
SHE HAD NO CHANCEL
"What are you doing'?" asked her dear
est friend. .
"Studying the dictionary," answered the
girl from the West. "You see, Emerson
Waldo of Boston called last, evening,"
she went on, "and I'm Just looking up
some of the words he used to find out
whether he proposed marriage or merely
invited me to go to the opera. I couldn't
make It out at the time, but I said "yes'
on general principles, and I'm just nat
urally curious to know whether or. not
I'm engaged to be married." — Chicago
Post.
NATURALLY SOMEWHAT CURIOUS.
THIS TKUTH IN A NUTSHELU
" ' ' Miss Gusher (at a reception)— Oh, Mr. Ayres! How did you ever come to write
that lovely song?
Steele Ayres (shortly) — I needed the money.
Clymcr. Haight— A woman seldom l.nows
what she wants. . «. - ¦
Constance Wynnes— But she usually
gets it. ¦ , .
"Hey, dej~i, Mugsy! Here's a bloke wot's paintin' two plcks-tures at onctf*
Her Mamma — Clara, dear, I hope wh«m
that young man calls on you you don't let
him get too near.
Clara— Oh. no. mamma. When he Is
here we have a. chair between us all the
time.
ANSWER AMBIGUOUS.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
"Ob. that isn't so foolish. I know a
man who can trace the loss of 57000 direct
ly to one hind foot of a rabbit that he
thought was going' to bring him luck in a
poker game." — Chicago Times-Herald.
"There is a man in New York who has
paid SCO*) for a Belgian hare. What do
you think of that for foolishness?"
••Did you kiss him?" demanded the
mother.
"Certainly not." Indignantly answered
the girL "Do you think I'd be so for
ward?" And a. few minutes later she gave
a deep sigh of relief and muttered softly
to herself. "Thank heaven, she didn't aslr
if he kissed me." r -€!hicago Post.
COSTLY RABBITS.
RIGHTEOUS INDIGNATION*.
She— Oh. Fred, dear, you are so noble.
ao generous, so handsome, so chivalrous,
so much the superior of every man I meet
I Just can't help loving you. Now, what
do you see in plain little me to admire?
He — Oh. I don't know, dear; but yo;#
have very good Judgment.— Truth.
MODESTY.
"Til be gol-popped If the editor of the
Plaindealer ain't an enthusiastic - cuss!"
ejaculated Farmer Meudergrass. upon his
return from an afternoon's stay in town.
"What makes ye think so. Lyman?"
asked his good wife.
"Why. I heard In the Tillage to-day that
he was the recipient last week of an
anonymous letter of a most insultln*
kind, which caused him to start In to lick
the whole vummed town that the writer
of the note might not go unpunished. And
they told me that he hadn't met with anv
more serious opposition than a black ey»
and a skinned nose, so far." — Puck.
Just to humor the boy. the father went
out. In a moment he came back looking
—well, looking just like a man that's been
badly sold.
- "The little rascal got me that time." he
remarked to a friend.
"But I don't see the point." said tho
friend.
. "Don't you?" •
"No."
"Well, guinea pigs have no tails."— To*
peka Capital. - -
His father laughed outright.
"Why. who In wonder told you such
stuff. Louis V
"The boys .all say that." answered
Louis, sober as a Judge, "and it's so, yes.
sir." ,
"Oh. nonsense." said his father, still
laughing.
•Well, you go to the cage and hold one
up and you'll see."
"Did you know, papa, that if you hold
a guinea pis by the tail its eyes will drop
out?"
He felt so badly about It that he start
ed in turn to "sell" some one else. His
father was the victim.
The 12-year-old son of a Van Buren
street fond parent recently became the
proud possessor of some guinea pigs. A
day or two after the same were safely
corraled In a cage be went about brag
ging of his acquisition among his play
mates. Now, it seems, .these youngsters
knew of a "sell" in which guinea pigs
play a prominent part. They started to
"hook" : the youngster and caught him
fast and hard.
THE GUINEA PIG'S JAIL
The fact that money does not make the
man seldom worries the man who Is try
ing to make the money.
But there is one thing the girls must
have been profundly thankful for— It was
not a case of "saw-wood-say-nothing!' —
Cleveland Plain Dealer.
In a contest of this character a pint of
sawdust would be worth a king's ransom,
and the amount of wood sawed would cut
but a trifling figure among the incidentals
of a. hard 'winter.
Any man who has tried .to work 'a saw
of this character through a green lot of
four-foot hickory can sympathize with
these girls. ' Any man who recalls the
struggle of his youth in this direction and
how often he ran to his mother for a lamp
of tallow to grease the confounded saw,
which,- despite his best efforts, would
stick and bind and cramp and suddenly
let go, will not only sympathize with these
maidens but with the noble army of
tramps who would rather starve than saw
wood- ! / . . - „ . ¦
6
HI3 ENTHUSIASM.THE SUNDAY CALL.
7THE SUNDAY CAM*pllshlng'he went". Into, the highways and
byways?; of ; Palestine^ .unsparing" aft his
own .energy, unstinting, of j his own aym^;
pathy. -With" the' other there Is move
ment (for this type, cannot; .be classified
with the' inert who. so grieved and dis
heartened their, pastor),' but ... the move- ,
rnent is not progressive; It does not tend
; gregatlon two dlstlnct';klnd» of •activity," .
' he' said to'nie. bls.Tionest Wue eyes taking .
."on : a*i more /intense.' setious'ness '; than- be
fore. , one: the"; movement' Is strong- '
ly a forward; movement, -with the spirit
of love and helpfulness 'essentially Christ
like — the same Bpirlfthat was manifested
by Christ when for the^ sake of accom-
onward and upward. ¦, O:. the contrary, it:
Is . like ,the movement of . a door ; upon; its •
hinges— forward, a, little, yes; r but, alas,
backward likewise. No substantial de
parture on ; the road "to that splendid
righteousness and - that magnificent ac
complishing for which Christianity was
May I pause here long enough to ex
press a belief that tuo.se who their
Christian life move forward and back
ward the small measure permitted by the
door on Its hinges in conventional re
ligions—those who sound the shallows of
mere kindly inten.ior.s Instead of the
deeps of aspirations toward the Infinite —
are U^e persons who afflict San Francisco
with church fads.
I happen to know several. women who
fairly illustrate In their lives this doorllke
movement, which, by the way, Is ndt a
slow movement at all, but a movement
of the upper currents of the mind — those
currents that- yield, with readiness to
every wind' that blows. These women
hang about their favorite preacher sim
peringly and In a fashion that one "would
think must lead the object of their atten- .
tlon to feel life decidedly a burden. They
like to be observed floating about in the
odor of sanctity. They like to be heard
discussing their pastor. They like to be
recognized as familiar with all his little
personal whims; his method of marking
his books of devotion and . of tying his
cravat. They are overjoyed (or profess
to be) when enabled to take an active
In decorating the church on festal
occasions. They revel in that sort of
martyrdom which sends them hither and
thither begging flowers, money or books
for the sake of their dear rector, or that
to them intangible somewhat which they
call "the. cause."
¦: They delight In filling their rooms now
and then with bevies of urchins, sup
' poscdly adapted to be choir boys, yet sus
ceptible to. being treated in 'heart-to-heart
talks - w|th the-- pastor or "sisters" as
'.'brands plucked from the burning." Put
ting wings. (whether the wings fit or no)
upon: young shouldere Is a part of their
traae; if one may be pardoned the irrev
. erence of branding their activity with so
ordinary a word.
...With Christians of this type, religion it
self Is nothing but a fad, and, of course,;
In whatever form it expresses itself, one
', cornea face to face .with the same aspect.
In the, fad of to-day this aspect may be
, a strawberry festival for the sake of
. Christ; to-morrow. It may be a door-to
- door collection to send Illuminated tracts
, to the pagans In China and chocolate
. fudges to our soldiers who are fighting
them.
' - . I
"There are within every Christian con-
Of course withdrawal cards - are not
necessarily applied for by every one who
f cols the Chrlstly scourge laid on. There
are so many of us who, having felt tha
scourge, can by casting about for a • little^
time forget tlTe pain and believe the blow"
accidentally received, and., in fact, de-*
• signed for Mrs. Smith, the occupant of '.
the next pew. Such discoveries," of course, j
salve over the Injury and, permit continu
ance along the Christian path.
;' Dr. Slocombe is' clearly a man of ana- .'
jytlcal mind, who has given -his congrega-'
tlon a great deal of careful study and "who*
has distinguished within it not only 'the:
general type of lethargic Christianity al
ready mentioned, but a type quasi leth-"
arglc. He has a somewhat j Interesting ;
• way of characterizing this 'second \,typ'eV
and of designating it as "a type of- active,
and aggressive Christianity, the '^ In fre
quency of which has given him so' much
of pain and has led to his resignation
from his pulpit.
The facility with which church members,
who think they perceive 'pers.onal.appll*'
cation of church doctrine (that Is to say,
applications touching their' own lives an<J
designed to touch them),' ask for with
drawal cards and hasten to. attach them
selves to some more conservative pulpit
must be known to all o£js.
It Is not "t all likely that any who
might be co. entedly stagnating In sel
fishness would be alive, even to a scourge
of cords.
The chances are that a congregation
whose preacher would tax It with an un
christian lethargy, far from receiving tha
Justice of the preacher, '¦* would • belleva
itself falsely accused and would evlnca
such indigna.tion as would drive the hold
er of the "scourge" -out of the templa
rather than Itself give place.
"Even though the Christian members
of a' flock mean well "action does not.nec
essarily follow, and it Is action that
counts. I am perfectly aware that such-"
idlers In the Lord's vineyard assure them-_
selves that they follow Christ's precepts,,
but they do not appear to remember that
Christ was active and Helpful. to -his fel-:
lows. His live was never useless. I be
lieve If Christ visited - the • earth to-day
he would, not tolerate uselss congrega
tions In his temples. When he '--'rneyed
to Jerusalem and went up into the tem
ple to preach, upon finding there^ trades
men bartering their wares he made a
scourge of cords and drove them out. I
think he would. do the same to-day with
inert, useless Christians."
Dr. Slocombe is not ungenerous In his'
judgment of. those whose -Christianity'
does not translate itself into works. Ha
pleads that many of them do not intend/,
badly.
the humble, gentle,, charitable,, aspirin*
religiousness of the Galileean exemplified"
and sought to encourage; but perhaps it
Is so thick-skinned that it doesn't.gen
uinely know it.
cue. It isn't within halline distance of
cushion ar.d surveys Its surroundings with
the righteous glance of the certainly
raved. It reads Its prayers with stiff and
stately exactness and listrns to the ser
mons without following their thought and
on colun home takes off Its churchly
mood with its bonnets and its silken
gowns. P«uS
It Is a comfortable Christianity, after a
fashion. It Is a thoroughly self-satisfied
plumps Itself with pride on Its plush
very latest sllkf and its thoughts are very
much nearer Paris than Nazareth. # It
pancy f )f pews.
There Is a great deal more of that kind
of Christianity, kind s'r or madam, than
rnost of us are willing to concede.
It comes rustling uj> the aisle In /the
disturbed? .• i
Dr. Slocombe manifestly . t feels with
rrrat Intensity the useless .Christianity
which deems itself above criticism when
it has expressed Its quality • by. prompt
payments of pew rent jam! regular occu-
their state of vegetation! Should they be
WHAT does this mean? A San
Frar.^isco man — a human preacher
—deliberately ' turns away from
his pastorate and spurns any
financial persuasion all lor an unusual
reason— unusual because such a resigna
tion i« not accompanied by any announce
ment that the Lord has called him to go
elsewhere at a hipher salary; unusual be
cause there is no scandal necessitating
a retirement; unusual because the matter
of financial remuneration Is not consid
ered. A pastor gives up his church be
cause be desires to stand for truths and
live them.
• This is exactly what Rev. Samuel Slo
combe of the Fourth Congregational
Church of this city has done, because he
objects to hypocrisy.
It Is a further surprise to find a
preacher who has an aversion to drawing
a salary, yet this particular individual
has for several years relied upon outside
business interests for his Income, because
he says he cannot preach a sermon hav
ing behind it the thought of gain or mon
etary consideration. This resignation,
based upon puch reasons, occasioned such
a shock as is rarely experienced by the
people of Scji Francisco; yet the subject
of the sensation seem3 not at all daunted
by the stand he has taken: in fact. Dr.
Elocombe looked braver than ever and his
face shone with enthusiasm when he was
asked for his motive for this step.
"Because," he said. "I believe In pro
gressive thought and aggressive action,
with a genuine Chrlstllke .^C-rlt back
of rt! I did not care to lead . a congrega
tion many of whom preferred, to lethar
glz© and consume food and oxygen week
after week, too self-satisfledto reach out
and help others." •¦'¦' '
I wjonder if Dr. Slocombe has been la
boring under the conviction that Inactive
Christians care to exert ( themselves to
the extent of alleviating.' the suffering
about thorn? They feel so comfortable In
One can readily imagine the Carpenter
ef Palestine, should he come among them,
being told that the condition necessary to>
friendly relations with ladies of their
earnestness would be for him to subscribe
for five tickets to Mrs. Brown's "violet
tea," its purpose belrjr to purchase a sil
ver service for the Rev. John Doe; and
that he must also engage a box for the
forthcoming "benefit" to aid their fund
for providing lifeboats to be stationed at
convenient points In ar.d around Galveston
as a safeguard In the went of a second
visitation of divine Providence.
Dr. Sloeombe frankly con fosses "that he
is considered dangerously broad in his
theology. He has no hesEtaney In stat
inc that his theology Is broader than
sect.
! "A conscientious man." he said, raising
hi? right hand Impressively, "will not
sljjn a creed. Why should a man sur
render the right to individual thought?
A rn?.n with, some education and some
common sense ousht to be able to get the
truth by studying Christ and his teach
ings and the New Testament as It is
revealed to each Individual man by the
Spirit. Christ did not have a, hard and
fast creed. His doctrine was the broad
doctrine of love and hope. It has often
been eald that his religion could be re
duced to two great rules of love— tout I
need not go Into that.
"Yet our churches are not content with
the simplicity of Christianity as Christ
pave It to us. They want long profes
sions of faith from those whom they re
gard as orthodox. They want every man.
woman and child to accept implicitly
masses of dozma that no one can find In
the gospels of Christ— In the lines or be-
Iween them. This very tendency of
churches to enslave by too detailed
creeds Is driving- numbers of th« finest
souls outsfde the pale of sects, not
(thank God!) outside of the pale of Chris-
v ttan!ty— for I hold Christianity to
be broader than most churches
admit it to be. It 13 broad enough to taJie
all of them within it and yet leave roam
ing ground for unfettered Intellect.
"Xo sect Is necessary. No strife la need
ed. Rivalry among churches is neither
desirable nor expedient. There should bo
a onrness of purpose. To prove this fact
I preached the same sermon before sev
eral different churches and was received
with th/same favor by the widely differ
ent denominations. I Rave it before a Pres
byterian church, and It ¦was pronounced
a good sermon: the Congregatlonallsts*
said It was 'all right'; the Methodists be
lieved • it 'practical religion.' I also
preached this sermon at Stiles Hall.
Berkeley, where it was considered 'mod
ern and procrressive thought.' "
In Dr. Slocombe San Francisco has no
ordinary roan. He has a (Treat purpose.
There is little doubt that his very
course In leaving the Fourth Congrega
tional Church will directly tend to stir
up his one-time congregation to a closer
scrutiny of dsty.
Yet It need not be supposed that In his
estimate of that congregation he .ignores
cr denies the presence of numbers of
heroic souls struggling to the uttermost
along the path of Christian obligation. In
truth, he speaks now and then with great
feeling for different members of the
church.
He believes, this preacher, that his call
Is, notwithstanding the stirring need for
him to arouse the sleeping ones, to teach
a broader Christianity than he could
preach from the pulpit he has left. That
h!s call Is to arouse to a strong activity
those who are .partially conscious of ob
ligations and partially disposed to perform
them.
Some of Dr. Slocorabe"? admirers desire
him to lead them nnd It Is possible that
an independent church will be estab
lished as the result — a church not tolerant
with merely comfortable Christianity,
but one that looks back to Galilee and
forward to the wreck of worlds. If such
a church Is founded. San Francisco will
not see the mrrabrrs of the . congrega
tion exemplifying that "violet tea" and
"cushioned pew" type of iwUgtou activ
ity, but. rather. Good Samarltar.lsm of so
practical a sort as to surprise the average
pew holder of the average San Francisco
church.
Such an organization will again verify
a prophecy made In tSSS by Elizabeth Bar
rett .Browning, who has been pronounced
the greatest statesman of the nineteenth
century although, instead of politics, her
trade was poetry. In regard to the fu
ture, she said:
"What I expect Is a great development
of Christianity in opposition to tha
churches, and of . humanity generally la
opposition to the nations."
Only within a few days we have been
assured 'by such an intellectual giant as
Kev. Newell Dwlght Hlllls of 'Plymouth.
Church. -Brooklyn, that dennml nationalism.
Is constantly growing less and enthusiasm
for Christianity la growing mor«. .
THE
REV.
SAMUEL
SLOCOMBE
AND HIS
RESIGNA
TION
CONSIDERED
BY
GRACE FERNcreasing in Sweden, though the two coun
tries are side by side and inhabited by
people of the same blood.
In Saxony and Prussia, which are ex
tremely prosperous, suicide is common.
In Italy and Ireland, which are very poor.
It is rare. »
Suicide Is more prevalent in town than
in country.
The age at which suicide Is most fre
quent Is between 33 and 63.
Soldiers are of all men most subject to
suicide— their Ufa is so melancholy and
monotonous In barracks in time of peace.
The number is 210 per 1.0OO.00Q in Eneland.
in Germany 530 and in Austria 1:T>9. In the
latter case this means a man a year in
every battalion.
Religion is the most powerful antidote to
the suicidal tendency. Italy and Ireland
are intensely religious. In the case of
Ireland it Is thought also that the habit
of emigration prevents suicide. "When a
man Is at his last gasp of despair he does
not kill himself; he goes to America.
Suicide, rare among Jews, Is almost un-
SUTCTD^ TS ON THC TNCRS^SS.
vent H re of his. the sum of two and a half
millions, fao't that timidity for you?
I "^ nry c '°cker and W. A. Bunting were
both timid, too. but they were not so
timid as to keep out entirely, and now
they are reported to have each of them
oil property worth over a miUlon dollars
value. .
R. \. Ellis of Hanfcrd didn't like to
risk any cash in r-troleum ventures., but
he had seme cVedlt and was willing to
stake that. The result Is that out of
nothing but hi 3 e cod word he has put
himself J73.00O away from poverty and te
is still on the up grade.
J»ew«pap«r men seem to know a good
thing when they see It. and as a result
the names of two Los Ancelans L E.
Mosher of the Times and W, L. G.' Hardi
son. now of the HeralJ. are among those
whom the oil fairies have favored.
Where all the money comes from Is a
marvel, but it grows more marvelous
when we. see what is still to follow.
There are nearly 40,000 square miles of
land in California's coast range, which
shows more or l£s« of oil Indications. The
oil sands are In some places hundreds of
feet in depth, and aa each cubic foot of
oil sand will hold a gallon or more of
crude oil the yield from a 'single acre Is
enough to make your eyes open.
So much for the supply.
One well near Newhall has poured out
over a million dollars' worth of ell. It
was bored in 1S73. and holds the record aa
having produced for the longest time of
any well in the world.
As to the demand. England alone uses
800,000 tons of petroleum products every
year, as much as the whole flow of all
the wens in the United States. Coal Is
getting short In England, too, and In
time there are going to be factories built
right here by tidewater where the fuel
Is plenty.
But those things are yet far in the fu
ture, as was the poftj business in Cali
fornia at the time when Sutter was build
ing his fort at Sacramento, and Marshall
was putting up a sawmill on the Ameri
can River for the purpose of supplying
the lumber for It.
This is the day. or these are the days
rather, to remember, and It may be well
for you to keep your eyes on petroleum
so that you will have plenty to tell about
the good old times when they have- passed
away, and we look regretfully back upon
them and grow reminiscent and excite
the envy of the next generation by recall
ing when men started with a shoestring
and ended with a fortune. In the "oil
days of ninety-nine and naughty."
WHY do people commit suicide? It
is- easy enough to answer "Be
cause they'<are miserable." How,
then, shall w-e account for the
fact that as the standard of comfort ad
vances suicide becomes more frequent?
The poorest laborer' in Europe has com
forts which were unknown to Queen Eliz
abeth and King Philip of Spain, yet the
rapidity with which suicide has increasd
is shown by the following' table:
1S11-GO 1S71-S0 1SS3-SS
Saxony. . ....223 323 333
Denmark 2S0 205 239
Switzerland. .. 240 220
France 93 151 212
Prussia. US 153 204
Belgium 31 SI US
Sweden 65 8G 110
England and Wales 70 70
Norway 103 70 66
Italy 37 43
Ireland. . . 23 22
Seme curious facts are brought out by
fhe table.
Suicide Is decreasing In Xorway and in-
xperlenced ol>3 mining partner tolled
ill summer and borrowed assidu
ously from friends, who gave them the
money not in the hope of even seeing It
come back out> of the grround again but
Just because Joe Chanslor and h.s hones*
old partner were good fellows and no ono
would want to hurt their feeling for the
amount of the small sums of the loans
that thev asked. . '
Then one day the dull qid well hole In
which they had dropped so many dol
lars and hopes and so. much sweat and
cusswords Just got tired of being au
gered into by two such persistent borers
and It gave a grunt and a snort and blew
foam and coughed up the drilling tools
and the derrick and slavered ~obs of
grensy oil all over the landscape, and if
Joe and his partner didn't hug cacli other
nearly to death it wan Just because they
¦ Tere men and had a different way of
howlng it; and, besides; it was Just what
hey had expected, all the time, you know.
They knew it was there, but there was
mch a hopeless, long, dull time waiting
for it.
The friends .who made, the loans were,
not forgotten and now the well spouts for
all. . .; :.'¦¦.:__ .
There is something strange about oil.
It makes men mysterious. You would
naturally suppose that gold would, most
of all. conduce to secrecy, but it Is not
so. The gold digger Is ever ready to
herald his strikes and Invite all mankind
to come and take up the next claim and
perhaps buy his. , That perhaps Is what
makes the -.difference— the gold miner does
riot know when his claim may come to its
end and '.he is always looking-for a good
chance to sell. Nat so with the oil men.
They have, n reasonable . assurance that
- their wells wlli • flow as long as blool
flows in their own-veins and bqyond that
most of us do not seriously care. So with
no object In selling the 'oil' fn-h becomes
n buyer and wants to secure the oil landr
about, him in order that others may not
rush in and pump out the, styglan stream
that flows to the sunless sea beneath
him7\ •;¦,.;.•¦•• r-- $ ¦ "'.
Therefore every 'man In' the buslne?*
is cx-'oflicio a member,<if the Know-nothing
Club, an' organization which 'is ' created
for the purpose of.keeplng secrets. It has
no officers, no clubVooms. The initiation
consists in merely being an oil man and
knowing something. The due3 consist of
keeping what you know to yourself. That
Is better for all on- the lnsicle and If th<?
'outsiders want to eo'mVln they will have
to break in with 'a max" or drill In with n
standard rig. That's/,tbe way the rest
did and they are not\telllng what they
know to the birds. v •"
\ It was like trying to find out what the
clam said to the oyster to get hold of the
following figures as to profits of some of
the big members of y the Knownothln°r
Club, but here la a list of some of the
winnings: ' ¦ u ¦ •• *.'.-,. •¦•
4 i "It beats, the Klondike." said one man
who was Just closing an JSOO.OCO deal with
an Eastern crowd, , "and you don't have
to pull a .handsled 300. miles up hill over
the ice and live on raw dog, either. Tou
are right at. home, with the sunny skies
o\ > California over you, . your
friends around you, and every day
some fellow or other strikes It, Just to
keep your courage up to the high pressure
point, and the whole thing Is as easy as
rolling off a log and more fun than play
ing marbles when you were a boy."
| So, too, thinks C. M. Kilburn, the Selma
druggist,, who put in a couple of thou
sand,-which ho could not spare any too
well, and has pulled out $75,000, and Is
still pulling out money hand overhand.
M. Sides and Walt Scott of the same
-place each put in about the same amount -
and have nearly as much profit to show
for It. S
Willard Terrill Is so young that you
would not suppose he cared for money or
would know how to make it if he did care
for It. But there la a kind of amusemeOt
making money In •oil. It's^ so easy ajnd^
quick; It seems more like play than work..
Willard didn't have money to^ start
with, btit.any one who has seems willing
to stand a slight touch if they know that
it is" to be used In developing a gagollne
fountain. So Willard borrowed -what he
..to begin with and now he has
something 'like $25,000 to the good with
which. to begin life at the age of 21.
• . I. : F.' , P.oston , of Fresno raked and
scraped, together until he had $1500 with
which to hunt for a spouter. Now he
wants to hang-, on to his property rather
than to take. $300 .000 for It.- That Is not
so much of a win in the .- oil business,
though. Louis Guggenheim thinks that
• he is Just about it, because he made as
' much money as Poston and yet *he only
I invested $159 10.,. It is a good thing that
he put in the 10 cents, though, for at the
rate which his money increased he would
have lost the price of a piano if he hadn't.
That.soundsbfg v ,; doesn't It? Getting, a
piano for. a' 10-cent investment, but you
must remember tnat these are the good
( old days of the oil times, and they won't
happen again after the end of this year —
-Jiot for a longtime.
Those are just a few of the people who
didn't take much to -.start in with. There
. are hundreds more of them, all laying
. low and going right ahead while the rest
, of '¦ Us sleep and eat. grumble at hard
'.. times and envy the lucky fellows who are
| striking it rich and riding around in auto
mobiles propelled by some gasoline re
fined from their own wells.
'\ But the small men, are not having it all
their own way. Even timid "Capital" ha3
peeped Its golden head out of Its money
, box and Is not scorning to grab a £ew'
more hundreds of thousands, as well as
¦'some nice million-dollar plums' that are
. flouting around loose in the fields.
Capital hasn't been risking enough to
huit itself either. Its timidity was never
better *hown than in this ver>\ time.
J. J. Mack, for Instance, a banker,
invested ?I022 In some oil land, and now
he proudly announces that he has cleaned
up, out of that little . timid mouse-like
"Good old tliaw" *nd •Terr hard tlmei"
Are ciffersnt time?, you'd ear;
But these very hard time*
"VVJIl be roo<J old times ¦'
As noon as they've passed away.
E" " VERYBODT thought the end of the
century would rarely do something
. to put a nick In the calendar and
it has made a whole row of
them. There'F the war in China and the
Galveston horror, but most of all for
Califorr.iana will be the replacing of tho
memorable "forty-nine and fifty" of the
"gold days," bjr the "ninety -nine anS
naughty" of the "oil days."
Twer.ty-flve years from now you will
be telling your son about these same days
and how you could have bought oil lands
tor HO an acre and oil stock for 50 cents
a chare and he will be cnvytelf you and
earing that he wishes the good old times
¦were back: the good old times when a
hundred dollars and a little bit of braino
would raxke a fortune for anybody.
"These are them." <
But you had better keep your hundred
dollars though; you might need it.
How about the oil land?
Oh, there are plenty of people to take
care of that. Mr. Rockefeller will get It.
if you Ja*t give him time. The only
trouble Is that the whole Coast Ranee
eeerr.s to be soaked full of petroleum, and
as he has to buy it by little bits of quar
ter sections, it is going to take him some
time to complete the purchase of this part
of the continent. Never mind that. Tou
har.g on to your hundred dollars. There
are a lot of people from England, France
and Germany, to say nothing of our
Yankee brothers from the East, who are
piling out here and buying every grease
Epct that they can see lying out of dqprs,
and a whole lot more that cannot be seen
on the surface, but which Indicate their
presence by "eocene outeroppings" and
"recent fosplliforous deposits," which are
Just as plain as a dictionary to a Pluton
ian pilot like Colonel Ogden, who makes
a specialty of looking through mill and
other stone? and then putting people on
to what he sees.
A year ago this expert of the Producers'
Oil Exchange looked over the field and
eald that it would be the greatest in the
world. That was at a time when the
oil was found only in spots. No one had
ventured the idea that from Humboldt
to Ban Dlepo was one vast field, only
varying In quality and depth of oil.
Sir.ee then there has been quite a crop
oi millionaire* raised on this very fertile
patch of poll and the crop that has al
ready passed the million mark and is
ready for harvest is nothing to the very
promising yri'jr.g shoots who are showing
above the surface with $25,000 or more to
their credit as the result of one year's
growth of their oil fortune.
A good sample of them is young Simon,
who was selling papers In Denver a
couple cf years= ago, and with that sa
gacity Tvhich jUwav* enables a newsboy
MEN WHO BECAME RICH
ON A "SHOESTRING" IN OIL
Ing to loan you, "Just because you lack
confidence In yourself. '
Young Chanslor. and his sunbrowned.
is the hero of the oil men,' for he started
out from his father's grocery- store In Los
Angeles with a small sum which he had
saved from his wages as a clerk; started
boring in the then declining Coallnga
fields and went broke— he and his" part
ner—both dead, hopelessly, clean broke.
Tbo kind of broke that makes you go
round and touch your friends for only
bait the amount that they would bo wlli-
ments of 50 cents each." (This sounJ*
like a fairy tale, but it is a fact.) There
wasn't a day that the newsboy couldn't
earn enough to make a payment on at
least an acre of land and if he didn't buy
eaeh acre as he got through work at night
it was all the same thins to save his
money until he had enough to make the
payment on a quarter ' section or an
olsMy-acre tract at least. -And some of
th<» land Is of the kind that you cut up
into little oijrhth-acre lots and then lease
each one ol them for a. royalty, of 30 per
cent of the grops.. i ¦ '•:
Just from that he has now about $30,000
ready to put his hands on 1 and enough
more land that he hasn't sold to clean up
a quarter of a million dollars.
' Karl Brown of Fresno was a clerk on
the eort of salary ¦ that' clerks usually
get. just enough for him to live on, a lit
tle more or a little less, according to the
way that he lived. Ho had a few dollar*
and a few brains. With the combination
of the two at work In the oil fields which
lay across the vine-covered plains, al
most in Bight of his home, ho has piled
himself up e little stack of $25,000.' Not
Buch «¦ ereat sum, but a heap more than
a man would want to pack* on a long
day's Journey if it were in gold coin.
But the Btar of all la Joe Chanslor. Ho
to unerringly rick out of a paper the one
bit of information for which the public
Is yearning, and for which they are will
ing to ray their nickels, bo rpled out a
bit of r.rv.s tor himr.e'.f which was to the
effect that they had struck oil In Call-
Now 6!mon Itn^w what It meant to
Btrft* oil. ST&XK32 OIL! sounded big In
his ears, for he had theirs filled with the
tales of Ccal Oil Johnny, who owned (he
McCliciock place in .Pennsylvania, which
poured cut ol! so fart that C. O. J.
couldn't ppenrl nil the money and died of
prlef localise h« failed Jn h!s efforts.
AfldeZ to this was the idea In Simon's
brain that when California did 'a thing- It
fi'dn't do It by halves. He IiAd seen
California Rr.Id nujrgets and California
oranges and he had faith in California.
Bo he secured a "tie pass" over the rail
road, which might on an occasion be
worked on a brake beam or even the
blind baggage, and eventually landed In
Baiters fit-Id. Then It was easy. OH
land war being almost given away. The
railroad had thousands of acres with the
oil oozing out of It, which their land
grader had looked at with an agricul
tural eye and graded low. It was listed
at {2 M per acre. "Fifty cents each down,
please, and the balance In annual pay-
known among Mahometans, who attribute
everything to the will of God and will
not even Insure their houses.
THE STINT) AY CAIjIi.
r
10If you attend a pupil recital abroad,
ovcry pupil, no matter how insignificant
h!s voice, will sing with expression and
legiorT? You are sclf-consclcus. Yon
have preoccupation rather than concen
tration.
"Now we can dance." you say to it.
Andfou do. the two of you, dance an1
play together.
Why should you be afraid of your own
thoughts, your own emotions? Why
should you stand abashed before them
and tremblingly cling to a roll of music
and fee! that your hands and feet are
Sing to it now. It has had Its scold
ing and you can afford to be generous.
You are contented, happy, in the having
it back. Show it. not the audience, that
you are. The audience is not present,
you know; you and your shadow are
playing all alone.
Ah! you see it. And now that you have
it back you must scold it for disappear
ing. Scold severely; it must remember its
lesson and never disappear again.
You must call it back. Call It, 'the mer
ry little shadow, to come and be your
"playmate once more. Will it come? You
wonder eagerly.
The shadow disappears. You are
startled, you are sorry. You .put* out
your hands to catch It. but it is,; gone.
Are you not lonely now? Think of. that,
how lonely . you are. Is there any neeJ
to wear a mask? Don't' think of masks;
think only of how you ftel. . :
are saying. There It is, the gay little
shadow, at your side. Beckon It, coax it,
what do -you care, who sees? ..You are
young, you are gay, you want the shadow
to be so, too. Call .it.
T? T may fairly be Inferred that pipe
I smoking "s a subject which interests a
11 large public, since the daily papers tell
up every now and then what kings and
emperors and other potentates are addict
ed to the pipe. We believe It is more to
the purpose, however, to Invite from pipe
smokers an interchange of experiences, to
the end that the -best methods may be
known to all. One may buy books on
"How to Do" this or that, but, so far as
we know, none can be had on "How to
Smoke."
A FEW HINTS
TO SMOKERS
Jlfter our better t!mes / na\-e come Amer
ica will find itself listening to its own
singers en its own stage.
order hoi and which we leave in despair
•to seek a bath, where still more money U
spent. Oh. the dreariness of those tiny
rooms in boarding-houses where student3
—our own country men and women— are
* working day after day with a candle to
light them to their journey toward art.
Students need good food. Dreamers
may din into our ears the garret and
crust theory, but they cannot make our
nature. "Who can succeed in work with-
A long brad awl of medium size Is tha
best implement with which to clean out
the wooden part of a pipe stem. When
away from home a bit of steel wire of the
size used in making bicycle wheels will
. answer verv well. It can be conveniently
carried in a pencil case alongside of a.
pencil. A straightened hairpin will gen
erally do in default of anything better.
But the great point of all in pipe smok
ing is to learn to smoke slowly. When
this habit is acquired the full flavor of
the tobacco will always be enjoyed, every
smoke will be a cool one and tongue
burning will be unknown. It is. however,
very hard for nervous people to smoke
slowly. We know of cases where smok
ers have tried for a score or more of years
to check their smoking speed without sue
'cess. They probably did not begin to
make the effort early enough in their
smoking careers. With good tobacco and
a root pipe the slow smoker attains a de
gree of pleasurable enjoyment In smok
ing of which the ra,pid smoker has not an
inkling.
Perhaps all smokers do not know that
It makes no difference In the flavor of
pipe tobarco how many times a pipe goes
out. A cigar which is allowed to go out
ore-, has Us flavor ruined, and is most ap
pioprlately termed a butt. A pipe, how
ever, tastes if anything better for going
out.
Fastidious smokers always have at least
two pipes at hand, and never fill one un
til it has entirely cooled off. This is a
help toward cool smoking and reasonable
life In a pipe. A good test by which tr>
tell if you are smoking too fast Is to hold
the bowl In your hand. If it is too hot to
do so, then you may know that your speed
Is too great. •
There are Innumerable mixtures of to
bacco on the market: a few are gooJ,
When the char begins to make the bowl
of the pipe appreciably smaller It should
be cut out. If this is not done the differ
ence In the contraction and expansion of
char and wood will cause the bowl to
split open. But care must be taken in
cutting away the ch&r not to remove It
all, says the International Magazine.
When it is cut too thin the wood will burn
and make the fact known in extreme
cases by freciuent cracking sounds. In
«uch instances the breaking In process
should be resorted to again.
any desrree whatever. The best pipe Is
made of briar root, with a short and
straight or very slightly curved stem. Tha
mouthpiece should be amber or ebonized
gutta percha. Such a pipe is easy to hold
in the mouth and does not interfere with
breathing.
When breaking In a new pipe It should
be filled with cojd water for a moment or
two before fining and lighting. This should
be repeated for a half dozen or more times
In order that the char shall begin to form
without really burning the wood. It Is not
necessary or desirable to dry out the bowl
before filling, but merely turn out the
water. Another point about the treatment
of a new pipe is not to smoke tip all the
tobacco until it Is somewhat seasoned.
The weakest part of a pipe i3 the bottom
of the bowl, and many old smokers make
a practice of always leaving a pinch or so
of tobacco unburned In it.
art can be learned here, the expression
cf It te brought out only abroad.
There Is every reason in the world why
America needs its own conbervatory of
music. L-.Tt to be a success it must be
guided in the beginning "by European
teachers. They will start it in the right
direction: afterward *ve shall know ,how
to continue. For ve do not lack chx
ability. We have brain, v.e nave, tem
perament: but we must learn to use them.
We are a repressed people.
It is three years since I left my native
country and* took up my abode in Pans
for the purpose of cultivating my voice.
1 tii'l not know then with whom I should
Mtxly. I determined to look about
ihorcislily before choosing a master.
From one studio to another I went talk
ing with I he celebrM'cJ teao^ra whom I
in a pupil*. How can one t?ach throufh
an atmosphere of coldness, of repression?
My voice had been placed here in San
Francisco two years before I started for
Paris. So much an American instructor
can do for one. Miss Marie Withrow did
it for me.' Thus the preliminaries were
well attended to, and I could give all my
time and attention to the development of
expression.
Parisians say that American artists ara
JVJ[ CBODY vrou'd doubt that Ros? "
* Eelda hrs been on "ths other
side.'' If for no other reason than
because she has learned to talk with
her hands, forsooth — hand langnaga
not being spoken hereabouts. No
body would doubt, either, that sh«
has become a real singer, for she has
turned her whilom name uindside b;
fore and h?.s developed a new one
that sounds as much lik: a subur
ban station as If crdica or Melba. We
can already catch a glimmer of the
time when we shall b» saying not
M 2Qss Belda"* or "Rose Reida" even,
but -Eclda, v in the familiarity born
cf clos? acquaintance betwejn her
and the public- ..
"It is thre* years sinca I left for
Pnis. ">*^ic said. She spoks from a
bower cf photographs — rasn cf muci- :
ral hair and «ron«n clad according to
the modistes Verdi end \7agntr
They are many enough to testify to
all cf threo years in their collecting.
"Ycu crc c!ir>rmed to be back, I a
* c
repposs ccniFs n?zt," I assisted.
"Yes. I cr.-i get a bath now with- a
out leaving t!i2 fcouss." h
"Thnr.k heaven you said that. I 6
¦eras dre?.d;n£ to hear 'dear old San fj
FranciEco.* " ti
•*Ah! IDLi ycu think I was pre- a
paring to s:ll tichtts for my next p
ccEcert?" v
Eht rambled on. and told me th3
things that are written below. Think fi
cf a MfomaD who can talk as well es j
sing! There ara just a few such, s
When a woman's voice cirrirs you '
up where larks caro! and clouds .
float, her personality many a time
drags you down to where roast beef
and potatoes abound.
If you listen to Hose Relda whila
she talks to you with her voice, with
iier facs, with her hands — hands, by
the way, in which Chciro -caw the
fingers of art and the palm of prac
ticability—you den't care a red penny
•whether she is a singer or not, for
she is so much mora besides. One
cf her own sex can listen to her for
en hour and come away without the
remotest id^a of -what she vrora. I
knew, because I did it.
SARAH COLISTOCK.
*j; VERY tons worth singing Is a
etory. 1 1 la the sieger's place to
li — 3 tell that story.
Why don't we American? 4are?
Thi: Is .ill we nt-vU— to Uare. If we haa
Of the several *ays In whlcli tobacco
is used -the original one of smoking It in
a pipe is undoubtedly j the least harmful.
If it is not begun too early In life or car
ried to excess, it Is, we think, difficult to
prove that pipe smoking la injurious In
many are mcnnereni ana most are Dad.
A smoker may make his own mixture and
always know what he has and save
money at tha same time. A half of a
small potato, cut side down, placed in tha
bottom of a good sized Jar or tin, win
keep It sufficiently moist. -; -i^
more courage we should not fill the Eu
ropean conservatories with American art
tTudtnts.
Courage is what the European masters
tench us— :he courage cf our convictions,
ti our temperaments. The technique of
met. When I came upon Madame Co
lonne. I knew that she was the woman for
me.
She is magnetic In manner: she l» sin
cere and frank In Judgment. Are not
these the qualities that bring out the beat
too cold. It Is not that— the fault lies in
our timidity. We fear being . ridiculed,
criticized by our, audience.
The expression of the body from heel
to crown helps to tell the story of the
song we sing. Why do we check all this?
For fear we shall be called affected.
When we are only natural.
An- American teacher said to me: "I
should like to . show my pupils how to
« express the words of that song, but I am
' afraid they will laugh at me."
i , Do ybu know the story of the "Shadow
i Dance?" when I sing the song, I think
•of, that story. Wouldn't you?
• No? What would you think of? The
' audience? ; What has the audience to do
'with you? Perhaps you are wondering if
I your gown hangs well, ¦ If your hands
I trembje enough to be seen.- Of course
"they do if you are wondering about them.
You can hypnotize them into doing so.
Try another kind of hypnotism. Coax
the shadow right out .there -on the' stago
before the eyes of every, onlooker. Make
others see It by. (seeing -It yourself.
"Come, sins and dance with me." you
color that holds the attention of the audi
ence. A better voice might fail to ac
complish as much through lack of color
Be intent yourself upon your song., and
your hearers will be so, too. It has been
said that the artist Duse wins her audi
ence by ignoring It.
The pupil in Europe Is drilled to see
pictures while a song is being sung. Mind,
I do not say that this can be taught to
one -without imagination. But it can be
developed in 'one who has imagination
and is stilling it. •
The pupil sees ' pictures from beginning
to end of the song, even during pauses.
The facial expression, the pose of the
body, must.show a thought. When he has
achieved this he sings artistically Instead
of mechanically. The lack of artistic ex
pression is the great fault of our Ameri
cans, rand I "think they know it too, for
they are charmed by Kuropean ways. But
there is no one on this" side to show us
the right way, and so we all flock abroad
and spend much . money to pay'for our
steamship ticket. We spend more to live
In some dreary little pension where "a
pitcher of cold water Is brought when we
out vholcome loon: Who cnn achieve
artistic success without practicability?
Toby Rosenthal, the painter, said to me:
"I have watched, and this Is -what I have
seen: Great talent and little brain at
tracts, pains confidence for a while, then
disappears. Less' talent and much brain —
we do not notice these at first, but by and
by we do. The brain. guides the talent
and brings it to its ultimate success."
Tear after year our students go abroao
by the thousands: the many fail and the
few succeed. Most of them are poor. They
have scraped and pinched to pet together
enough money for, say, three years
abroad, and when the three years are up
the teachers say, "You are not yet com
plete," and they keep them on— five, six.
even seven years. ,
If America had a national 'conservatory
these tragedies would be done away with.
At a comparatively small expense stu
dents could attend It and with European
masters in charge of It, they could gain
the same art that they now\ seek abroad.
We are Imitative; it would, be only a mat
ter of time before we could manage our
own ' conservatory* . - •* -'.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
11
RODE RELDA TELLS WHY AMERICA NEEDS A NATIONAL CONSERVATORY OF MUSIC
The Sunday Call as
the first paper on the
coast to advocate a
national con§erva=
tory for the education
.off our artists,There is a love 3tory running amid all
the scenes of battle, murder and sudden
death, the hero and heroine of which have
The aoventures related occur In 1C64.
when the united armies of France, Ger
many and Austria succeeded in defeating
the Immense horde of men -that the Si.l
tan of Turkey had gathered from all the
Oriental nations in Asia and Africa and
had sent to overrun the continent of
Europe. The description of tho decisive
battle in which the Mohammedans were
defeated is a very fine piece of word
painting.
etory la kept at white heat from the start
to the finish.
Dodd, Mead & Co. announce for early
publication ¦ Count Tolstoi's new book,
"Slavery in Our Times," an inquiry into
the results of modern Industrialism, on
which Count Tolstoi has beert engaged
for some months. The fundamental idea
of the book io the negation of coercion.
It will be. published simultaneously • in
America and England.
The golfing enthusiasts will be glad" to
• • t
velt, which work (duly copyrighted) has
already reached a second edition, despite
which an announcement has been gen
erally made that Henry Holt & Co. are
about to Issue a book under the same title.
The popularity of the clever French
man. "Monsieur Beaucaire." has exhaust
ed the supply of copies of the book. Mc-
Clure, Phillips & Co., the publishers, are
now printing another edition of ten thou
sand, and the work will again be on sale
in a few. days. Rlchajd Mansfield is pre
paring to preeent "Beaucaire" on tho
stage, following the production of his
"Henry the Fifth." The work of drama-
"The World's Work," a new magazine
wilted by Walter 11. Page and published
by Doubleday, Paga & Co. will make Its
Initial bow to the public on October 20.
It Is to be illustrated by pictures larger
than usually published. Besides many
special articles there will be each month
a history and .explanation of significant
happenings; and further, a department
under thei head of "Among the World's
Workers,'* which will tell the fausy man
In concise fashion the new advances and
tendencies in the .various branches of
business and professional endeavor. The
magazine will retail, for twenty-five
cents and the subscription rate will be
53 per year. It will be sewed like a book.
so that it will open flat In the hand— a
feature "that cannot be too highly com
mended. The size of the page and of the
type will be considerably larger than In
most of the monthlies. The cover de
sign for the November Issue is very ar
tistic.
"The Day of. Wrath." a. new novel by
Maurus Jokai. will be issued from the
press of McClure. Phillips Sr Co. early in
October. Before many of the present day
nuthors were born Jokal was writing for
a large public in his native land, and now,
though he has passed the allotted three
score and ton, he has lost none of his
vigor. Dr. Jokai has the elements of ro
mance In !ils nature, as may be judged by
his marriage a year or so ago to a young
/'actress, but he disappoints the prophets
of misery by living a happy life with his
young wife. He continues to add books
worth reading to his already long and no
table list.
a review of "The Science of Money," by
Livingston Vann. This is the fourth vol
ume of No. 1 of the Conservative Review,
published by The Neale Company. Wash
ington, D. C. 1
pany. New York. $1 25.
AGUINALDOS HOSTAGE— By H. Irr
!ng Hancock (war correspondent). L«e &
Shepard, Boston. 51 23.
1 THROUGH THE YEAR WITH BIRDS
AND POETS— Edited by Sarah Williams.
with introduction by Bradford Torrey.
Lee & Shepard, Boston. 51
HEAVEN'S DISTANT LAMPS (Poems
of Comfort and Hop«>— Arranged, tey An
na E. Mack. Lea & Saepard, Boston.
51 £0. '
RANDY'S STTMMER-nA itory for girl*.
By Amy 3rooks. Lea & Shepard. Bos-
MYTHS AND FABLES OF TO-DAY—
AMERICA'S ECONOMIC SUPREMACY
—By Brook Adams. The Macmillan Com-
by an additional unpublished Rossettl.
"Ruth Herbert," and other appropriata
Veproductions, chiefly from originals in
the Bancroft collection at Wilmington.
Del Tho succeeding illustrated article ia
Richard Aldrich's fore-cast elf the coming
season of opera in English at the Metro
politan and contains glimpses of the lead
ing song birds.
BcoKs Received.
NEW EDUCATION READERS— (Book
One)— By A. J. Dcmarest and William M.
Van Sickel. American Book Company,
New York. 33 cents.
WRITING IN ENGLISH-By WiMara
H Maxwell. M. A.. Ph. D.. and Georgs
H* Smith. M. A.. Ph. D. American Eoolc
Companv. New York. 73 cents.
INTERMEDIATE ARITHMETIC-By
William J. Milne. Ph. D.. LL. D. Ameri
can Book Company. New York. SO cents.
IN NATURE'S REALM-ByDr. Charles
C. Abbott. Albert Brandt, Trenton. N. J.
$ ~THE PLAIN MISS CRAY— By Florence
Warden. F. M. Buckles & Co.. New
ISAAC "BICKERSTAFF— Papers from
Steele's "Tatler." Cassell & Co.. New-
York. In paper 10 cents.
THROUGH THE FIRST ANTARCTIC
NIGHT— By Dr. Frederick A. Cook. Dou
bleday & McClure Company, New York.
J DR. DUMANY'S -WIFE— By Maoms
Jokal. Doubleday & McClure Company.
New York. $1 23. "" ¦
THE SUNDAY CALIi.
Without having departed radically from
routine, the October Critic is nevertheless
something in the way of a special num
ber. A frontispiece In tint, Ro3settl'a
"Mary Magdalen With the Alabaster
Box," is easily the esthetic feature of the
current issue. This Magdalen— obviously
more virginal than repentant— 13 apropos
Miss Elizabeth Luther Cary's simple and
concise resume, "Rossettl and the Pre-
Raphaclltes," which is further enlivened
Professor N. S. Shaler's forthcoming
book. "The Individual: A Study of Life
and Death," which comes soon from tho
press of D. Appleton & Co., is likely to
attract especial attention, since it is de
scribed as a striking and. noble presenta
tion of the subject of death from a fresh
point of view. In his preface Professor
Shaler says: "In effect this book is a plea
for an education as regards the place of
the Individual life in the whole of nature
which shall bo consistent with what wo
know of the universe. It is a plea for an
understanding of the relations of the per
son with the realm which Is in the fullest
sense his own; with his fellow beings of
all degrees which are his kinsmen: with
the past and the future. of which he Is an
integral part. It is a protest against the
idea bred of many natural misconcep
tions that a human being Is something
apart from its fellows; that it Is born Into
the world- and dies out of It Into the lone
liness of a supernatural realm. It Is this
sense of isolation which mere than all else
Is the curse of life and the sting of death/'
The G. W. Dllltngham Company of New-
York Is about to publish a work of con
temporaneous historical value and per
sonal Interest in Major J. B. Pond's book,
"Eccentricities- of Genius: Memories of
Famous Men and Women of the Platform
and Stage." The volume will consist of
500 page 55 , with nearly 10) half-tone por
trait illustrations. Tho author of these
reminiscences Is well known in the busi
ness of supplying attractions for the lec
ture stage, and this long connection has
naturally brought him into close contact
with many of the great ones of the earth
In every sphere of prominence. His rela
tions with those for whom he has acted
as manager were friendly as well as pro
fessional, and acconnt for the large num
ber of letters in the volume, many of his
torical significance past and present, ami
all of them of value aa illustrating the
eccentricities and characteristics of
genius as well as other traits of famous
personalities. The price of the book will
be SJ50. '
tlzatlon has been fione icrgoTy *7 *fr.
Tarkington, the author. It Is not general
ly known that Mr. Tarkington gets his
nome, Booth, through relationship to the
famous family of actors. This fact may
explain the dramatic Instincts that Mr.
Tarkington possesses in so high a degrea
and which are -so clearly exhibited in his
romance of tho French prince who mas
querades as a commoner.
The Conservative Review for Septem
ber contains several articles that wil^bo
found of intrinsic value. by all lovers of
the best thought of deep thinkers Its
contents include: Part 2_of the "Autobi
ography of Colonel Richard Malcolm
Johnston"; "Economic Consolidation and
Monopoly," by Philip Alexander Robin
son; "The Confederate Congress." by
Hon. John Goode; a review by Lieuten
ant J. R. Egglestqn, of Captain Kell's
book, "Recollections of a Naval Life"
"Imperialism," by William Baird; "Ele
ments of Unity in the Homeric Poems"
part 2, by Edward Farquhar, Ph. D and
Book News for October has as its lead
ing article a sketch and portrait of W. W.
Jacobs, authcr of "Many Cargoes." Lon
don bookshops are entertainingly- de
scribed, and there is a small portrait and
a sketch of Alice Brown. The Authors'
Calendar and Great Writer Scries are
continued, while a special feature of this
number is the latest announcements of
forthcoming books. Dr. Talcott WUllam3
talks entertainingly on the more impor
tant new books, and the best selling books
of three cities arc given. There are illus
trated reviews of books, and the Descrip
tive list notices all new books and new
editions. (Published by John Wana
maker. New York.}
"The comedy is neatly eon Uructed. with
abundance of bright^ epigrammatic d!a
logue of a, distinctly literary flavor. Th«
chief honors in the presentation are taken
by Miss Marie Tempest, whose inTpcrson
ation of Nell Gwyn is full of tact, skill
and discriminating vivacity, without a
trace of the vulgarity which the character
of the questionable heroine, seemed al
most to Invite. Miss Tempest seems like
ly to repeat in comedy the success she
has already obtained in light opera."
Anthony Hope's "Simon Dale"— one. of
his best .romances — has been dramatized
by Kd ward Rose under the title of "Eng
lish Nell." A cablegram to the New-
York Tribune says: .
"Chess Slrategc^Ies Illustrated." Frank
lin K. Young's new book Is the- fourth and
concluding volume of his well known
series of works on chess. "The principles
which underlie the science of war and
those which underlie the science of
chess. 1 ' says Mr. , Young, "are one and the
same"; and l;e concludes his volume by
illustrating the battle of Waterloo ns a
game of chess with all the moves given In
detail. Little, Brown & Co. publish the
work. 1 ''
learn that H. L. Fitzptitrick, golf editor
of the New York Sun. has written a prac
tical little volume of advice, addressed
alike to beginners, and experts, under the
title of "Golf Dont's." If,- a* said, these
counsels "will help a player at once to
cut down his score" It is not hard to fore-"
see difficulty in supplying the demand for
it. It is published by Doubleday, Page &
Co.
THK BOERS IN AVAR— By Howard C.
HlUegas. D. Arpleton & Co., New York.
$1 50.
ALICE OF OLD VINCENXE3-By
Maurice Thorn; son. The Bowcn-Merrill
Company. Indianapolis. $150.
A PRIVATE CHIVALRY-By Francis
Lyndo. D. Apnleton & Co.. New Ycrk. SI.
ANIMAL LIFE— A first be>ok of zoology.
By Da vUl S. Jordan. M. S.. M. D., Ph. D..
LL. D., ami Vernon Li Kellosr.sr. il. S.
D. Appleton & Co.. New York. $1 20;
AS IT IS TO BE-By Cora Linn Dan!el 3 .
Little, Brown &. Co.. BostcTn. *L
THE MAN STEALERS— By M. P. Shlel.
J. B. Lippincott Company, Philadelphia.
In paper. 30 cents.
THE MYSTIO SELF-By Rayon. Pub
lished by M. R.iyon. Chicago. 33 cents.
THE RHODESIANS-SketehM of Eng
lish South African Life. By Stracoy
Chambers. John Lane: The Bodlcy .Head,
London and New York. $1 23. .
PORT TARASCON and STUDIES AND
LANDSCAPES— By Alphonse Daudet.
Translated by Katharine Prescott Worme
ley. Little. Brown & Co.. Boston $1 50
LIFE- OF FRANCIS PARKMAN-By
Charles Ilalght Farnham. Little Brown
& Co.. Boston. |2 30.
SIGURD ECKDAL'S BRIDE— By Rich
ard Voss. Trarslated from the German
by Mary J. SafCord. Little, Brown & Co.
Boston. $1 :A
TARTARIN OF TAP.APCON and TAR
TARIN ON THE ALPS-Ry Alphonso
Daudet. Translated by Katharine Pres
cott Wormeley. Little, Brown &¦ Co..
Boston. 51 50.
JIMMY. LUCY AND ALL— By Bertha
G. Davldsen. Lee & Shepard. Boston. 73
cents. •'»•¦.
THE FUGITIVES-By Morley Ttobert9.
McClure. Phillips & Co.. New York. JL
SHADOWINGS— By Lafcadin Hearn.
Little. Brown & Co., Boston. $2.
TWO LITTLE STREET SINGERS— By
Nora A. M. Roe. Lee & Shepard, Bos
ton. 51.
RIVAL BOY SPORTSMAN— By "W.
Gordon Parker. Lee & Shepard, Boston.
$1 25.
BETWEEN* BOER AND BRITON-By
Edward Stratemeyer. Lee & SnVpard.
Boston. $1 23.
TRUE TO HIMSELF— By Edward
Stratemeyer. Lee & Shepard. Boston. Jl.
IN THE DAYS OF ALFRED THE
GREAT— By Eva March Tappan. Ph. D.
Lee & Shopard. Boston. $1.
THE LITTLE DREAMER'S ADVEX
TURE-By Frank Samuel Child. Lee &
Shepard, Boston. $1 23.
BOY DONALD— By Penn Shirley. Lea
& Shepard. Boston. 73 cents.
ALMOST AS GOOD AS A BOY— By
Amanda M. Douglas. Lee & Shepard.
Boston. $1 25.
THE HOUSEBOAT ON THE ST. LAW
RENCE—By Everett T. Tomlinson. Lee
& Shepard. Boston. $1 50.
By Samuel Aflams Drake. Lee & SSepard,
Boston. $1 E0.
The Goldej) Fleece.
The large body of readers who prefer
action to analysis will find Amedee
Achard's romance of "The Golden
Fleece" one of absorbing Interest. Events
follow each other so rapidly and are de
rcrlbed with such terse- yet impressive
vigor that the reader's Interest In the
In conclusion. It is safe to predict that
if "The Maid of Maiirn Lane" does not
equal "Jan Vedder's Wife" and a few
others of Mrs. Barr's earlier works It will
not detract from the reputation as a suc
cessful teller of stories which that writer
so justly enjoys. (Publfshed by Dodd,
Mead & Co., New York. Price $1 50.)
The book touches very lightly upon the
political issues of thnt era. 1791 to 1793;
but dwells at much greater length upon
the horrors of the French Revolution and
the bewilderment and disappointment of
the new-born republic of the west at the
frightful crlme3 committed in the dear
name of liberty by the nation which
America had fondly hoped would prove to
be a sister republic In reality as well as
in name.
We will not spoil the expectant reader's
enjoyment ,of the storv by detailing the
trials and tribulations which make their
course of true love anything but a smooth
one; only, promising that the chief-inci
dent which leads to the unhappiness of
the lovers is one that not infrequently
occurs In evcry-day life, and of which
many of our readers have perhaps been
made the victims. This incident, how
ever, is relieved from triteness by the
skill with which tho discovery of the
blunder Is worked Into the plot.
In the story • before us, the maid of
Maiden Lane is an only child of Dr. and
Mrs. Moran. and the hero is a son of the
captain and afterward General Hyde,
who in "The Bow of Orange Ribbon" iig
tirrs as an ardent and warm personal
friend of General Washington.
The hero of that book, John Moran, we
meet here again in the role of a success
ful and dignified physician; and x the he
roine, lovely Ava Willing, is a matron as
sweet, sraclous and lovable as was the
girlish heroine.
The story is a sequel to the one told In
"The Bow of Orange. Ribbon.V a book
which had a great success some few years
ago.
It goes without saying that Amelia E.
Barr's last novel. "The Maid of Maiden
Lane," is a truly delightful romance; and
like all of this writer's- works, which vary
so. much, each from the other, -in style,
character, and if we may borrow the ex
pression, in stage setting; is so vivid in
expression and so historically exact that
the reader in putting down the book feels
as If he had been a denizen of "old" New-
York In the days when Canal street was
a suburb and the Bowery a lane of rose
shaded gardens.
Sunday excursions are the bane of tho
place. Us nearness to London brings the
excursionists down upon it far too fre
quently for the peace/of the literary col
ony. The day after the Incursion of an
excursion the p'aco looks as if a plague
of locusts. had laid v.-a«if tl.e land. Fields
and waysides are denuded of flowers, the
grass everywhere trampclod. trees strip
ped of leaves, the, whole face of the re
gion strewn with rags. torn, finery and
greasy lunch papers. But the hurts still
hang black upon bushes, London's 'Arry
and 'Arriet considering them not fit to
eat. . Should they ever discover their edi
bility Haslemere would probably be over
run and the authors driven out.
The Maid of maiden Lane.
Of the lesser writers there are many.
The Saturday Review. Athenaeum, Acad
emy and the half-crown magazines all
send representatives at times to the cen
ter. At timers one may imagine that the
Ather.npurn Club and the Savlle. have
came down on excursion tickets.
havlng been built but a few years. B?
tlde it is a tennis court, well worn, for
the athletic doctor is a devotee of the
lively game. ¦ Around the house and sta-'
bles, where the author keeps his hunt
ers, are scattered guns, fishing tackle,
cricket bats and 9ther implements of
sport. In the cricket season Dr. Doyla
does little literary work. He is more like
ly to h* 1 on the Hold, for he plays on ono
of the best teams in England.. The h.uh£>
biff season find? him «;ouring the hills for
rabbits and other game-. It Is In the depth
of winter that he , buckles down to his
pen and does most of his work. There
are no habitants of Hnslemere more en
thusiastic over tho country than he. One
reason for his movins thither was tho
bracing effect of the tine air upon Mrs.
Doyle, whose lungs are not strong.
The Abbey press of New York has al
ready published a popular book entitled
"The Puppet Show," by Leonidas Wcster-
Messrs. Elder & Shepard of San Fran
cisco, in their publication, "Impressions,"
for October, give an especially creditable
number. Besides thc.usual art supplement,
which. this month is devoted to a quota
tion from Washington Irving on "The
Friendship of Books," the magazine con
tains many articles of especial merit and
reviews of interest. W. C. Morrow has a
paper on "What and Where Should Call
fornians Write": Adeline Knapp gives an
article on "The Year's Two Dramas";
"Some Pleasures of Old Books" Is the
subject treated of by Mr. Elder; Carlos
Gilman Calkins, U. S. N.. writes about
"Chinese SpufT Bottles"; Morgan Shepard
has a story for the little ones in "Mary
Blue and Brown Man," . and the reviews
are contributed by E. C. .Moore, Fred
eric C. Brown and Mr. Shepard.
The novelette which opens the Novem
ber number of the "'Smart Set" bears the
catchy title. "Miss Vandeleur, Pirate." It
is written by Helen MUecete, whose work
is already well known In this country,
and the story, bright and sparkling from
beginning to end, deals with English life
and character.
Henry George Jr. has completed the life
of nis father, on which he has been work-
Ing for a number of years, and this biog
raphy of ona of the strongest and most
remarkable men America has produced
will be issued early in October from the
press of Doubleday, Page <fc Co.
Miss Geraldine Bonner's "Hard-pan,"
which- the Century Company _is bringing
out, Is said to be a story of social con
trasts. The scene Is laid in California,
and it does for the society of San Fran
cisco what Mrs. Burton Harrison's "An
glomaniacs" does. for the society of New
York.
The Bookn:an. a literary magazine of
only stx years' standing, nas been award
ed a gold medal sit the- Paris Exposition.
The pardon for the innocent man comes
too late, for his death occurs a few days
after be regains his freedom. (Published
by L. C. Page & Co.. Boston. Price, ?150.)
Literary Notes.
"Breaking the Shackles." by ; Frank
Barrett, author of "A Pet of Rogues." is a
talc of adventure vln London. The author,
in the first two or three chapters, weaves
an impenetrable web . of .circumstantial
evjdcnce. about an Innocent man, who is
sentenced to life imprisonment. The re
mainder of the book is occupied jn pain
fully showing flaws in the evidence, and
finally; the real murderer is r found.
BreaklOS the SbacKles.
Mrs. Roe ha3 made of "Two Little
Street Singers" a story well adapted to
the requirements of children. The littlo
singers are Rita and Jimmy, who pass
for the children of Tonio, with whom they
travel and for J whom they tarn many
pennies by singing and dancing with thelr
tainbourines. Rita's beauty and Jimmy's
manliness win a liomc for the little girl
with a country spinster and her aged
mother. But troubles come thick and
fast to Rita's friend in tho country, and
brave' Jimmy in the city. All the^e tan
gled threads, together wjth tho mystery
of the children's lives, are most happily
straightened out and the genuine pathos
that has been aroused makes the final
happiness all the more appreciated.
AVe hope Mrs. Roe will write more, for
the reason, if for no other, that there Is
such a strong vein of .helpful corpmori
eense running through the book. No
child can road this story without being
quickened in the right direction as well
as entertained. (Published by Lee &
Shepard. Boston. Price $1.)
Two Little Street Sirjgers.
many miraculous eecapes from the hn.ires
anil pitfalls which their enemies spread to
destroy them. ;
It. is to be re.gTC.tted. however, that the
author has been compared to Dumas
(pere), for Mr. Achard has not the mag
ical gift of endowing his characters with
a vivid personality that makes them seem
real tei those who follow their fortunes.
It is for what happens to them, not for
what they are, that the reader's interest
is aroused:' and the good people who are
so very good find the bad people who are
s6 very bad excite very much the same
sentiments jthat a "clever troupe Jofmarl-'
onettes might do \ who were acting this
very stirring drama. (Published by L. C.
rage & Co., Boston. :$1 50.) , . "
Grant Aliens "The Croft" (without any
from n&me) is still let almost every sum
mer, as It was during the author's life
time- while he was traveling: abroad ma
terial hunting and guidebook making with
hi* family. .Mis literary work was done in
the season of wir.ds and snows, when the
banshee wails around the rim cf the
Devil** Punch Howl. It was here that he
wrote the "Woman Who Did" and per
haps it was the winter g'oom of the re
eio:i that tir.g^l the story with melan
choly. The Croft" lets at an amazing
jirice. l>u» it never fails of occupants.
Ha&lemere began to be a literary neigh
borhood t-.vtr.ty-iive or thirty yean ago.
with rhe comlsR of Alexander GUchrtst**
iM<tov.- cr.-i Professor TyadalL In Brook-
La r.k. a ru^ic cottage at Shelter Mill,
Mrs. Gilci-Tist linisiicd her husbarrd's
"Life of Blake." Through his friendship
for Mr?. GJlebxtot Tcnnyeon came to live
c-jrint: the summers at Aldwonh. not far
H^r.y. after his Brst refusal to buy land
Uiat would 'grow nothing but hurts."
Mrs. eiiicliiist cives various pictures of
'jv-r.nys..:Vs l:osltations ar.d t:nc<?rtainties
before lie finally decided upon the pur
chase, afterward considered the luckiest
of his We, of the place article many rcan
»±::<r he- was to die. Brooklmsk was then
«n!y half the size it is now. Tennyson and
li!s wife visited thfre for two days while
hom« -hunting: (Jilchrist's son well
r«mc-n-;lje: s tlM shaml Jing figure warder
ing over the uneven drawing room floor.
It must have* been also in a cloud of
exsoke. for Tennyson hinted broadly his
yexralcs* for hla pipe in one of his very
«-:uii.>st calls at Brookbank. Christina
UoxsetU visit' d Brookbank and found the
llasi. jntrre elbnat« "fe'eaiaKy cold." Madox
Urovn and the RoaeetU brothers were
ai^o quests of the cot.
Oeorge Eliot and Mr. Lewes occupied
r.reokrur.k when the great novelist was
lest'ug from hor labors in writing the
jirfct part >A •Mideicmarch." Old resi
<ie:its ct the locality s-till remember the
queca couple, j-rowi.r.g about the lanes,
both of thexa with tarcard eteps and
hanr.irs heads, making people wonder
why in the world they walked at all. "The
very ugliest pair you ever saw," is the
vivid rcQoTl action cf the sallow couple.
From George Eliot's letters one gathers
that they walked every day, evidently as
a duty. She kept strict account, not of
the- rpaca covered, but of the time they
we:.- out e>f dours; never miles, but al
tvftjrs hour?. Brookbank Js In a dip of
the land, bencel less bracing than more
favorite Epota. This must have made It
rr.-T'? .-.giceable- to George Kliot, who
Hated the wind and in her letters Is al
ways CMDtaalclns of Ju Broakbank is not
picturesquely situatr-d. being close upon
the r.am-w road, but in those days it was
a very rustic joud lined with vines and
flowcis. CVorsre KUct wrote of the per
petnal uudulatlcn of heath and copse,
atid clcnr views of running; water, with
here and there a grand pine wood steep,
wnod-c!othed promontories and gleaming
pe<olJ>, but sh« did not se-c much of that,
es e.hc eat most of the summer In the bit
,' - ~-,Vn vr."ri"*rt r ? Hook with a hot
Haslemere is p.jfout thirty miles from
London and is o:i«=y of access: too easy,
rr.any cf th" residents think. It is a high,
hilly, breezy spot, rank with shrubby lux
uriance cf The huckleberry. Picturesque
it !s. loo. but its picturesqueness has too
little variety to attract the artist greatly.
Kor the tired brain workers of London.
however, it is supremely bracing, with its
fresh breezes and exhilarating openness.
So thore cf the literary folk who can af
ford it fro tMther and make their summer
homes the-*;. The ideal of Haslemere's
literary colony is the reverse of Bohe
ir.i:m. They have handsome houses, live
Tve'I. dross well and draw to them well-
Jiving and well -dressed people. Conse
quently prices arc high, both for summer
ar.ri for winter living, and only those
nuth'trs v. ho have "arrived" can afford
to live there. Villas and cottages.
"rroft<;." ••nests." "crests." "hursts" and
"fe.'^ks" with various front names are let,
furnished cr unfurnished, at very high
rates. '
"Hurts" arc i he fruit of tho huckleberry
cr whortleberry. Aside from the "hurtb"
that lard i? worth now a thousand dollars
per a<re. This is largely because the re
eir.n has become i sort cf summer literary
center. £im<- of the great names of Kng
lith literature are connected with it. and
the modern school of writers shows rn
appreciation of its beauties by taking \ip
residences there.
"What':: the ::?<• of land that wiil grow
nothing but hart*?"" he demanded.
SO n:r.s the frank old Surrey rhyme.
New Engt&Sd ba» an adage to the
effect that only a blind man or n
fool leaves a rip.- huckleberry bus=h
i:ns.nrr!}:!< d. Tr:ir.sp!antod to Old Er.s!aml
this faying rr-Ight explain the uncompli
mentary reference to Haslemere. llaslr
m«re abociMls in huckleH-rrlPs. but no
body <^ats tfcexs. It also abounds in
r.uthnrp, which ought to remove the
rtigr.-.a. but nr.t even the authors know
enough lo appreciate the huckleberries.
Ninety acres of land en the borders* of
Ha5=!*>iT:^re wire once offered to Tennyson
for £1*00.
Chiddir.cfor.!. insr.^arif: HasleniPr*. foo'.a
G^a'.rr.lr.jr, cat«; Ou!"f,r1. tail*
to bo believed
water buttle at her feet, if local legend is
The "sense of standing on a round
world.*" which she* claimed to love so
much, she accompi'sbed by leaving
I'rookJnr.k bf neath her; only to rise into
the r« gicn of the hated wind?.
T'. r.nypon, who was or.p of the hill folk.
found the I/e-wises in Brookbank. One
wonders how the fastidious and some
what sickly woman here- with that breezy
man of th»- hill.* in those mites of rooms.
Local pn^fip iloe.s not deal poetically with
the poet. According to those who kr.ew
him ther<? be was an incessant smokor of
rnarsc tol.acco !n cutty pipes, of whic^.
he was very fond. He seemed to have a
hort of Individual affection for his pip'-s.
such n? nv.e might have for his dogs, and
jrerK-rnily <-arrk-d with him in hla various
pockets half a <2o7on of them v .st<°.in' > <l and
oily from long service. In manner lie had
the reputation of being rather harsh to
ward strangers. In his determination to
avoid thf public ar.d to thwart its natural
lnteres-t in him he sometimes showed him
self a Tartar, and gave so,me pretty se
vere rebuffs that did not redound to his
lecal popularity. It is even said by somo
that Tennyson at heart really enjoyed his
celehrlty and often ostentatiously fled
from rursuit when there was no pursuer.
Tyndull came to Husiemere in 1SS7. Dur
ing three years he and hi? wife lived In a
mere shanty while their house was build
ing. In two rooms Mrs. Tyndall. a* Lord's
daughter, did her own work and was hap
py at it. Later the c.ire of the servants
was addod to the greater spaciousness of
Hindhoad House, as Tyndall called h's
new home. Every summer the house was
let while the owner was off to the Con
tinent, his Alpine chalet and his beloved
mountain climbing, just as in his bache
lor days, for he did not marry until he
wa«= 56 years old. He was much respected
and lilted by the townspeople. His ap
pearance and manners wore pleasant and
his hand ever open for local improvements
and charities. H*- was evidently a good
son also; at least his father was proud of
him. for the elder Tyndall's gravrstone is
inscribed "Father of Professor Tyndall."
But kind and generous as he was. Pro-
fossor Tyndall resented his grievances.
When he came here the land was rough,
and wild, a brond pxpahsfl of porse and
heather. He would have liked to keep it
so and was bitter against speculators and
the builders of the suburbr.n villa style of
dwellings. His disgust reached its height,
or depth, when, returning from an Alptne
summer, he found a new house upon his
own hilltop, within view of his windows.
It was a pretty little houpe. as artis
tic on a small rcale as his own mansion,
and with equal right to he there. Pro
fessor Tyndall either thought differently
or cared nothing' about his nmighbor'g
rights. He bought a strip of ground close
upon the offending; house purposely to
erect there what may justly be called a
Epite wall. At close view it was a mean
erection of laths and poles stuffed and
covered with heather, an eyesore to the
newcomers. From the Tyndall windows
it was almost Invisible, melting into the
color of th*> heathery hillside as if a part
of itself. Professor Tyndall died while
yet this wall was new. It came down
toon after his death.
This region of Haplerr.rre has Its tradi
tions like almost every inch of beautiful
England. How many times the old coach
ing road between London and Portsmouth
r>a«ln<r here hpy entered into English ro
mance! Bering Gould, in his "Broom
Squire." has laM the tragedy of his' novel
Just here where three men hung on Gib
bet Hin on the very spot where they way
laid or.d murdered a sailor on his way
from Portsmouth to I^ndon. Nicholas
NIckleby ar.d poor Rmlke rested on this
spot as they traveled the Portsmouth
raid. They walked upon the rim of the
Devil's Punch Bowl and Smlke listened
with greedy Interest as Nicholas read the
inscription upon the stone reared upon
that wild 5pot to tell of the murder com
mitted there by nlghi. The grass on which
they stood had once been dyed with gore
and the blood of the murdered man had
run down deeply, drop by drop. Into the
hollow which elves it Its name. "The
Devils Punch Bowl." thought Nicholas
as he looked down into the void, f'never
held fitter liquor than that." A tall
crocs marks the spot and a stranger must
ask for the Cross if he wishes to find it
not for Gibbet Hill. The summer boarder
on Hlndhead is sometimes superstltlouj
and easily frightened at names. Beside-*
Gibbet Hill has not a patrician sound and
Hlndhcad summer boarders despise all
things low and common, even eighteenth
century tragedy. How much more ele
gant Jp "Cross" than "Gibbet.
While the present day names are not as
great as those r,f the past, identified with
llafclemere, there are f-till enough of them
to give it rightful claim as a literary cen
ter. Stuart Glennle and Miss Lucy Gar
nett. the writers on folk lore, have their
homes and do much of their work here.
Near by Is the one-time hrfme of George
Macdonald, now occupied by his son. Co
r.an Doyle pitehrs his tent among ths
huckleberry bushes at Undershaw. next
door to the Tyndall place. Readers of hla
Sherlock Holmes etones will Identify
more than one of them with the Surrey
Country. His place is of modern style,
pair Qoui^rysicde
U/l?ere t^ l^t^rary
?ia9S (jatl^er.
12
A CHAT ABOUT AUTHORS AND BOOKS'' 1 WAS-'ON.-THE E-DCEOFA PPtfrCIPlCE g
Pot your plants. Turn them, train them
into shape as they growj pick oft every
dead leaf or faded flower. Haphazard
care does not pay .with houaa olanta.
In extremely cold weather stay the
watering pot. Plants need little water
during severe weather, and they chill
or freeze twice as quickly after a fresh
drenching. If watering becomes j abso
lutely necessary have It the tempratura
of the room and give only, in the morn-
Ing. Watering In the evening during a
cold snap la to invite a visit from Jack
Frost,
Slide the shades up to the top of the
upper sash; take down the curtains at tho
plant windows and let God's Invigorating
sun shine in. Sunshine to a plant Is what
gold is to a Klondike miner.
Keep the plants Immaculately clean.
Wash the leaves once- or twice every
tweek. A plant's lun?3 are In its leaves.
Showering the follace washes the du3t
out of the pores, refreshes the plant and
Imparts vigor. Besides this, clean planra
do not harbor insects, the greatest foe
of the indoor garden, and the hardest to
fight.
Loosen the crusted earth at the top
of the pots. The roots need air and in
soft, pliable earth they get it by capillary
transmission. A hard top crust seals the
soil up as though in a Jug. Neither air
nor water finds free entrance through it.
Plants in hard soil <>ften suffer from lack
of moisture at the roots, though water
has been given every day.
MINE-TENTHS of the windows U3efc
for window gardening are too
crowded for the plants to look
well or do well. Turn a new leaf right
now by throwing away every poor or in
significant growth. Better to buy new
stock In the spring than to turn your pre
cious window space Into a hospital ward
lor sickly plants.
The captain of the Macabebe Sconts re
filled his pipe and straightened up his
five feet and ten inches. There ia the
stamp of the battlefield upon hi.i face,
and though his gray hair and his S3 years
entit'e him to the life of a peaceful Amer
ican citizen out of the military, it Is a Ufa
of which Captain Hall knows little.
Twelve years of Texas Ranger service
and two campaigns In the Philippines
have left him a soldier still, and It Is with
the greatest reluctance that the old man
has obeyed orders to report at Washing
ton, where he is to be honorably dis
charged tfor disability. Opposite his name
on the military records there \9 a note of,
many brave acts during service In the two
wars, and the old captain has many a
thrilling yarn to spin, and not the dullest
among them, as told by the captain him
self. Is the tale of hte night with the
Macabebea. "It's pretty tousrh." says he
regretfully: "it's pretty tough for an old
warhorse like me to hev to go back to tho
stable. I'm not very badly knocked out.
and you needn't be surprised to see ma
turn up in the next war. If it comes in the
course of the next twenty years. I ain't
dead yet." NAN BTXBEE.
HAVE A WINDOW
GARDEN
"I shet my eyes and tried to make out
if I wuz hurt much or not. but I wnz
about done up. My leg wuz numb and I
couldn't move It. The next flash o* Ught
nln' showed me why. My 'dead horse wuz
layln* on It. After a while, ex I wia layln*
there, lndulgln" in the luxury of a quiet
groan, as I thought unbeknownst to any
body. I heard a sneakin" noise In th«
bushes, and lookln' up I see a naked
brown form of a Filipino crawlin' to
ward roe with a big shinln' knife. It
looked mighty like a wicked face, peerin*
through the brush at me. in the light o* a
Jagged streak o* the lightnln', and I caa
see him yet peerin' round with them sharp
eyes o" hls'n'. one hand braced agMn a
long vine stringer thet wuz stretched
across, and the other a-holdln.' thet long
knife, with his body crouched and creep
in' toward me. I guess I must a-swooned.
When I next knowed anything I found
myself on a stretcher bein| carried by
them darned scouts o* mine, joggin' along
over the rough places and bouneln* around
on the stretcher, but they wuz true blue,
and they carried me ten mile back tr>
camp. The little brown fellers wnz skeered.
because they had Bone wild and wuz
afraid thet I would hev 'em all killed, but
they wouldn't walk off .ir.d leave me thero
to die any way. The Filipino I hed seen
comln* to kill me wuz only Sambo coir.In'
to drag me out. They had put the Insur
gents to flight, what they hedn't killed,
and wuz ready to go home and take their
lickln* like a small boy for the devilment
they hed done. O* course, they got their
lecture, but somehow after they hed car
ried me through thet storm, over thet
rough wild country, when I wuz mo'e'n
three-quarters dead any way. I couldn't
seem to be very stern with tho little brown
devils, and I hed to let 'em off with a lec
ture. But they hed played the docce with
thet crowd o' insurgents. Thar wan't
much left o' that camp. I tell you. If you
give them a chance them little brown
Macabees will knock most anything a
wlndin'—all they need 13 to be turned
loose."
gun hedn't hit me. but the horse hed
Jumped over the precipice, and when X
begin to git conscious -with the- rain beat
ln' In my face and that howlin' storm
and flghtln' still goln' on. I thought it
wuz all up -with old Cap. Hall, who wca
said to be a hero of two wars and hedn't
ought ter die thet way.
flat with the butt of my rifle and put a
bullet through the other one. I hed got
hit In the arm an* It -vrnz stlnsln' llke
fury— the flesh all tore away with one
o' them darned Mausers. Then there wui
a mighty thrillin' minute fur mo. A deaf
enin' big peal o' thunder come and then a
flaah o' lightnln' and I see dead Filipino-*
all around me, more a flsjhtln' an* a gun
barrel leveled at my head. Just at th>
same minute my horse reared up an* I
see I wuz on the edge of a precipice by
the flash o* lightnln.* the tops o" tree*
and scraggy shrubs down below, and my
horse leapln* wild, payin* no attention to
the bit, fur I hed lest control of him
with the terror o' the fight, the stona anil
the dark all combined. I am sure I can't
say I war fond of the combination my
self, especially the next minute, when I
heard that gun go off and could feel my
self reel In the saddle, the horse leapln*
in th« air. and then I went down anil
down till it seemed like I'd never stop
and landed at the bottom, senseless Th<»
it wa'n't somethin' worth lnvestlgatin'.
"When he'd half straighten up his naked
body and give the quick little beckonln'
sipn I would come along- behind, on my
horse. "When I couldn't see him he would
rise up and let out a funny little screech-
In' sound thet meant it was all right J
"Waal, it kep' gettln* darker and darker
and the clouds wuz skimmin' alone: the
s=ky all fired fast, fur a wind hed sprung
up and a storm wuz threatcnin*. - The
calls kep' comin* across the knolls, low
ajnd soft, but so you could hear 'era a long
ways. The Macabees wuz follyin' the
trails. The call wuz a peculiar sound thet
none but a Filipino can make — a kin' of
a long drawn out noto. soft and melo
dious— 'coo-ee, coo-ee.' Every time it 'ud
come Sambo 'ud answer, from the middle
of the line, and we kep' creejJin' along.
"When we hed boon out two ur three hours
the big drops o' rain begin to splash and
it didn't take us Ions to pit poppin' wet,
but thet dld'nt faze the Macabees. Waal,
I wuz ioesrlf' along: on my horse, thlnkin'
o' nothln' In particular, when I see Sambo
straighten up, just a little , ways ahead,
and glve.a half-dozen o' the calls, kin', o'
alarmed like, and scentin' danger. He. was
answerin' a call from 'the scouts off to
the left. I hedn't heard it at al!.' There
wuz trouble ahead. They hed come up
on a bunch o' insurgents of the art, music
and lltoratoor class, and there wuz some
thin' doin*. I hed all I could do to keep
up with Sambo. The little brown feller
heeled it like a hound after a hare. We
went tearln* over the slick grass, the big
ralndrdps fallin' and my horse guessln' at
where he wuz goln' to put his feet next.
In two or three minutes the fun begin,
and w« could hear Mauser rifle bullets
a-slngln*. around In all directions. It wuz
like a hornet's nest they hed run into, and
the hornets were objectin' like the dooce.
Just about, thet time the lightnln* begin
to flash, and light things up. We hed got
into a clump of trees, a regular jungle,
where hangin' vines wuz. stretched across
to throw a feller down, and the brush and
things scratched us up, butwe'got down
to fightln* and it didn't take us long to
get them fellers runnln'. There couldn't
a been many o' the insurgents, and I
guess the noise we made shootin* into
their camp made 'em think we wuz a
whole army. A jagged flash o* lightnln'
come acrost the sky, and I see three dead
insurgents lnyin' * In the crass, . and ono '
feller hed throwed up his hands and was .
fallin' .to .the ground right ahead o' my,
hors,e,; not more'n a hundred feet away.
Then the Macabees went wild. They wuz
goln' after that camp o' Aguinaldo men to
beat the band, elbst handed, with their
long blades, and was prepared fur killin'
and lootln' to the queen's taste, but I
yelled out at 'em to stop it. or they'd get
Government bullets through their black
hides.'and p'lntln' my gun at one o' 'em
thet hed a woman . by the hair I com
manded him to. throw up his hands. Thet
put a stop to that kind- o* business,' but a
lot o' my scouts were mlssin', gone on the
dead run chasin* the fleeln' . Filipinos. ¦
"There wuz the dyin'. : woman and gome
more dead Insurgents In the camp, but
the rest. had fled and had made a stan.l
further on. I heard the shootln' and yell
in* and. made tracks through the brush
as fast as I could .get thar, beln* half
dragged off the horse arid scratched with
the brush, an' thorns, an' Mausers com
in' uncomfortable close with that friend
ly zip o' -theirs.' . Well, the devils wero
cornered and they hate the Macabees
worse'n the Americanos. They wouldn't
surrender ez long as they could put up a
ghost ov a fight. I see by the Ughtnin*
two of our scouts layln'-dsad and more
of 'em fightln'. hand to hand with blades.
X went tearln' on In the dark, lashln* nay
horse and tryin* to round up my scouts
fur. some system of fightln' or withdraw
in' until we could see what to do. but
they wuz at it good and hard an' I might
as well o" tried to get hold o" so many
whirlwinds. Nex* thing I knew I wuz
right in the midst o'. the enemy an' wuz
gettln' fired at and two fellers wuz after
me with knives. * I knocked one of 'em
v used for heating purposes is ono
j of the most curious de-vices mentioned
Jl In a bulletin soon to be Issued by the
Weather Bureau at Washington on
the. subject of protecting perishable goods
in transportation. A new kind of car in
double lined and has at each end four
galvanized iron cylinders reaching from
the floor to near the top. In summer
these cylinders are filled with ice and salt,
ptarnped down hard, and it is claimed
that a refrigerator vehicle thus equipped
doos not need any renewal of its stock
of ice on a journey clear across the con
tinent.
The remarkable point, however, Is that
the car is iced in winter % just the same for
the purpose of preventing freezing. Ice
Is normally at about 22 degrees Fahren
heit, and it Is very reluctant to give up
any of its temperature. Hence, when it
is zero weather outside the cylinders of
relatively warm ice acts as stoves, help
ing to keep up the thermometer inside.
Another novel device , by which Ice Is
employed for protection against cold con
sists in throwing upon the car when
the weather Is near the zero point a
stream of water, which promptly freezes
and forms a complete coat all over the
vehicle. This prevents radiation of heat
from the car, and bo tends to keep up
the temperature inside. It Is a nlan fre
quently adopted in the transportation of
bananas, which are particularly suscep
tible to cold. Fruit of this kind Is put
In paper bags and covered with salt hay
when the temperature ia dangerously
low. ¦
L>arg« shippers of fruit In the Boutb
have found out by experience that it
does not do to take fresh fruit, especially
peaches and cantaloupes, and load It upon
ICE STORES FOR
HEATING
eurper.tr- you know the Macabee Scouts
were orgarlzed by the Spaniards before
Uncle Sam took a hand in that little
Philippine game. The Macabees were the
loyal Filipinos and they wuz fightin'
against the rebellious Tagalos. which
were headed by Aguinaldo and his gang
o* cut-throats, claiming to represent art.
rcusSc and literctoor in the highest de
gree. We hev knocked some of thet
foolishness out <~.f "cm in the course of
the past two years. The Macabees came
over to the Americans when we run the
Spaniards out, and Uncle Sam put 'em tc
work. Well, these Mactbees wuz sailin'
in and flghtin' like good fellr»-s. wh*.i 1
was tent down there tu take charge of
>m en the island of Luzon an* I found
'em a n-.ighty husky lot. I knowed a ffo-xl
dea! about Injuns and the kind o' scouts
they made in the old Texas Ranger flays,
and the Macabees can come pretty nigh
to holdin' a candle to the redskins for
cunning and endaorance." -A. white/ man,
you know, wouldn't ever set more'n an
hour in ore place, keepin' his eye peeled
for events and situations — he hain't got
the patience — but one of them little brown
devl!? '11 set and set all day. never movin*
an eyelash, watehin' over- the p'lnt of
some ridge and sklnnin* his optics fur
stray insurgents and thgir plans. He
knows how to trail and w^ere a dog loses
scent he can take it up by his infernal
spy Instincts and folly.it out to the end.
and there is usually something Interestln*
at the end, too. An' my! But them fel
ler? are heathems! They hain't far be
hind the Ir.j-i-ns fur crooelty. and the
main trrTfole' thet Uncle Sara hed after
he began usin' em against the Insurgents
wuz !n restrainin' 'em. They would light
DUt and kin everything in sight, never
rtopp!n f at wlmmln and children, or hesl
ta::n' about <3oin' the most dastardly
things. They reveled in that sort o*
shins', but they made mighty good scouts
when they wuz under proper control.
"Well, this night which I wuz startin*
t*> tell y'u about, we wuz chasin* a lot
o* the brown devils that hed played
smash with some of Uncle Sam's boys —
the sr.eakin' things hed crept up and sur
prised a small detachment of the boys in
blue, and hed caught some o* 'em away
from camp. They wa'n't content to kill
'em. they hed let 'em live, but hed cut
the poor fellers all up— It's a trick o*
theirs to cut the leaders in the heels, ren
o>rin' the vlctum's legs useless furever.
Well, they hed fixed three ov the boys
thet way, and they hed killed some more.
The poor fellers came crawlin' Into camp
«3ragpin' themselves along," weak from
loss o" blood and knowin' themselves hope
lessly crippled for life. I heard of it and
hed orders to get out and give chase. I
rounded up my scouts, about twenty-five
of 'cm. and we started out. We didn't
know how many o' the enemy we hed to
look fur— but thet was our business to
find out. It was one o* them nights with
patches o' clouds hangin' round and shut
tin' out a strajrplin* moon; we knew the
devils hed skinned out pretty lively and
thet we had a journey afore us. The
Macabees wuz wild, an' I hed to keep a
sharp eye on 'em. I called 'em all up
an' gave 'em the speel about what 'ud
happen to 'em if they disobeyed orders—
fncle Sam wa'n't goin* to hev no foolish
ness, and they knowed who was runnln'
thet expedition, etc. They took it all in,
sayin' nothin' but gruntin" and restlesss
to cet at their traJlin'. I started 'em out
in different directions, afoot, and kept to
the middle myself, as I war* the only
officer with 'em thet night. I wuz folly
in' a little brown feller named Sam-bo-Jan
—we called him 'Sambo' for short H«
hed eyes like a spaniel, little and sharp
and well peeled. I could see him ahead
by the patches o' moonlight, sneakfn*
through the grass and squattln* patiently
at every sound fur half an hour to see If
did.
"M> were out after a tough set of in-
CAPTAIN LKE HALL, leader of tho
Macabebe Scouts, recently returned
from the Philippines, took a to
bacco pouch frcra his pocket and
leaded his pipe.
"Vep." said he. "that was a wild night
—that night with tho Macabees. when I
»vent over the precipice, horse and all,
and got crippled In this way. I have pone
through xr.any n thrilling experience since
the year of '70. but that took th« shine
on of all of 'em. I have fought the red
pklr.p out In the Territories, chasln' "em
¦with the Texas Rangers and doing a lot
of hair-breadth escape acts, but nothln'
*»ver seemed to come home to me and
rnnke my hair come so nigh a-standing up
or. my head as the doings of that night
THE SUNDAY CALL.
me cars wunout chilling It first. Accord
ingly one railroad in that part of the
country Is about to establish at the larg
est shipping points along Its lines cooling
rooms, in which the perishable merchan
dise may be put for a while before send
ing it on its Journey. Oranges on the
trees will endure 26 degrees for an hour
or two, but in four hours will freeze in
side. . • :
One recommendation made by the
Weather Bureau in regard to lemons is
that in large hotels and ' other places
where quantities of them are used for
lemonade and other purposes they shall
not be taken from the cold-storage room
to a heated room, but shall be squeezed
in the oold-storage room. They lose
quality quickly after being taken out of
cold storage. -••-.-. ,
On» very curious fact that has been
ascertained is that perishable produce,
such as fruit and vegetables, will stand
a lower temperature when the car is
in progress than when it is at rest. No
theory j has been suggested to account
satisfactorily for the phenomenon, which
is certainly interesting. \ It is suggested
by the Weather Bureau that growers may
derive' suggestions of .the ¦ utmost value
from the weather reports and predictions,
thus avoiding the shipment of their goods
when a cold wave in winter or a hot spell
in summer 4s imminent.-
They ought to learn' at what points on
the railroad transportation is liable to be
blocked by snowdrifts, and from the
United ".* States 'Geological "Survey they
can find out as to the altitudes of regions
traversed by shipping routes.; Of course,
the temperatures encountered In crossing
mountain ranges are apt to be. much lower
than in the valleys. • -¦ • •¦
The use of paper for protection against
cold la Increasing very much, and' its ef
fectiveness ' In this ' way ¦ la | wonderful.
Fruit wrapped In heavy brown paper will
endure 15 degrees more cold than without
it. -Potatoes' are-- sometimes packed 1 in
barrels lined with paper, and when the
weather is unusually severe the barrels
are covered with paper also.
Clams and oysters are similarly shipped
In paper-lined barrels, to keep them' from
freezing, and carB for, transporting perish
able "merchandise- are. quite commonly
lined with paper. There is said to be
nothlner like it to keep out frost. Eggs
shipped in crates with separate paste
board divisions and covered with a
layer of oat chaff will endure a very low
temperature. It is "observed, by the way,
that pickled eges are injured by cold more
quickly than fresh ones. .; ¦ ¦
Thick or fat clams or oysters do, not
freeze as readily as lean ones, and oysters
resist cold better than dams. ¦ "Shucked"
oysterB, kept in their own liquor in tight
barrels, will not ispollif frozen in transit.
When clams or "oysters in the shell are
frozen they should be thawed gradually
In a cool place. -< • ' ' : : >».--'
Oysters in.. the shell can be kept two
monthS'in a dark place, . when, the tem
perature is a little above freezing, if they
are sprinkled from time to time with lco
water. It has been noticed, by the way,
that clams or oysters in transit through
a snowstorm do not freeze as readily as
when the weather is fair. Fish may be
kept ' sound and marketable for . thirty
days after being: caught,' provided that
they are cleaned soon after capture. They
are ' shipped by express In barrels with
ice, r or 'by freight In casks or boxes on
wheels.
Ever so many little points of value'have
been 1 ascertained by shippers of perish
able produce through long and cosily ex
perience. For example, it is now known
that sweet potatoes and turnips must not
be put together,' because the proper tem
perature , for the 'former (60 degrees) is
too high for the latter and rots them fast.
Potatoes do best in double- walled, cars,
heated by' stoves, to keep out the frost.
Thirty-two degrees •will not -Injure them
for eating, - but • will prevent them from
sprouting in the spring. On the other
hand," all ' Borts of tree seeds, including
peach, plum and walnut, sprout better In
the spring if frozen In the winter.
Our sun Is a third-rate sun, situated In
the milky way, one of myriads of stars,
and the milky way Is Itself one of myriads
of sectional star accumulations, for these
seem to be countless, and to be spread
over. Infinity. At some period of their ex
ister.ee each of these suns had planets
circling- around It, which, after untold
ages, are fit for, some sort of human be
ings to inhabit them for a comparatively
brief period, after which they still con
tinue for years to circle around without
atmosphere, vegetation or inhabitants, as
the moon. does around our planet, "there
is nothing so calculated to lake the con
ceit out of an Individual who thinks him
self an important unit in the universe as
astronomy. It teaches that we are less,
compared with the universe, than a colony
of. ants is to us, and that the difference
between men ' is less than that between
one ant and another.— London Truth.
13
ADVENTURE WHIT THE MACABRE SCOUTSStripped of Its mysteries and supernat
ural adjuncts, the history of, the "house
of mystery" is " more than ordinarily In
teresting. It sfands to-day as a monu
ment to ' the thrift and Industry of a
native son of Northern Italy who has
made San Rafael his home for nearly a
quarter of a century. Joseph Cortl Is his
name. For fifteen years he has been su
perintendent of the Mount Tamalpals
Cemetery, which occupies a secluded spot
about one and a half miles south of the
pretty town.
«-i(— HE latest thing in making transit up
!j stain? as slightly fatiguing as pofas!
i> b!e is the "staJr-lift." which, it is
claimed, will p>ove a boon to tired
choppers in the big department stores, to
theater-poors whose seats are on the fcc
ond or third tier, and at railroad stations
for the weary travelers.
James M. Dodge is the Inventor of what
proml?es much in the way of stair loco
motion, and the unique arrangement of
the lift will undoubtedly malte it a favor
ite mode of perambulation. The World's
Fair was the first to bring out the famous
"moving sidewalk." and since then there
has been occasional experimenting with
moving stairs, which, however, proved
faulty In one respect or the other, and all
finally were relegated to obscurity.
The principal fault with tha so-called
moving stairways was that the move
ment was In a Jerky fashion, causing peo
ple to lose their equilibrium and making
most persons afraid to venture on the
covel stairs.
J '¦ "¦ i
Mr. Dn<jfj?'& invention, however, claims
to do away with this fault, and his "stair
lift" moves continuously and gently/ It
follows the form of the normal staircase,
but in place of the steps themselves a
belt Is used comprised of a number of
steel links which, when assembled, render
flexibility In one direction possible while
rigidity is secured in the other. The belt
is deflected into level portions correspond
ing to the treads of an ordinary stairway
ana Into Inclined surfaces representing
the risers, and furnishes an absolutely se
cure and solid footing.
The belt delivers the passengers safely
upon a metal plate which is stationary on
the upper floor without any effort of the
passenger. The claim that is made for the
Invention especially Is that it' makes no
noise and occupies but three feet of space
from railing to railing, no more than that
occupied by the ordinary stairway. Trav
eling at the rate of ninety feet a minute
It Is estimated that In crowded stores or
railroad Btatlons the new lift can carry
£000 passengers per hour.
The Ust$$t to Save CfirtibTng jtSSfaS
In another room the wonders of the
microscope are shown. A photograph of
a drop of water, magnified many thou
sands of times. Is thrown on a screen.
The water Is filled. with wriggling mon
sters, some of them engaged in lively bat
tle/ '.The water i3 taken from the Seine.
Next como magnified views of the mi-
Another remarkable "show" Is the
demonstration of Crookes electric tubes,
which the lecturer tells you "will be the
light of the future." Curiously enough,
the light will be cold. Indeed, any visitor
can feel the long little tubes which give
out a bright light. The brightness of tho
light, of course. Is controlled by the cur
rent. Passing into the next room there
is a piano, the notes of which connect
with hundreds of small electric lights
which light the room. "When a key Is
depressed a circuit Is formed, which
produces a light. The more keys that are
depressed, therefore, the greater the
number of lights. When the piano is
played the scene Is decidedly novel. If a
big swell Is produced the room Is very
light, but if only one or two notes are
brought Into requisition the room Is fairly
dark.
Passing in at the entrance gate, says
Tit-Bits, one of the first entertainments
Is an electric storm. Lightning flashes
here and there, followed by distant roars
of thunder. Both ' zigzag and fork
lightning are produced. As one watcher
the flashing lightning and hears the peals
of thunder, one can hardly realize that
It Is a mock show so realistic Is the
whole scene. Indeed, women will often
shriek and chlldr*-' cry. so vivid and real
does the storm appear. The lightning, of
course, is obtained by the aid of elec
tricity, and the thunder Is produced by
rattling thunder sheets.
this magnificent building the
visitor may witness a score of entertain
ments as original and varied as the mind
can conceive. This enchanted palace is
close to the Eiffel Tower. Its enormous
half dome, covered with beautifully
colored glass, gives the building a con
spicuous appearance and singles It out
for special attraction.
Odd S*Sh*s in y*ie PaTa^ oF Optics.
BY far the most Interesting building
at the Paris Exposition Is that
known as the Palace of Optics. In
He dees net believe in such supernatural
thlr.gs. and so denies this story, tut tho
ptory :s told *u5t the «air.o and there are
mary who believe it and tell how the
"cemetery" gang was successful in pre
venting tho builder from finishing the
work he had begun so long ago. They
cay that the building never will be com-
X>let«d.
On summer rights when the moon Is
]iw and the wind whispers softly through
the trees some passersby have heard the
Found of pick and shovel within the walls
nnd have seen the flash of a miner's lamp
through the cracks in the boarded doors
end windows. They say that it is Ka
rnon, the ancient miner, who refused to
Next morning O'Brien found that a
stone from the topmost layer on the walls
had been loosened by the action of wind
end water and had tumbled in during the
nirht.
rr.g to shovo the ?tone mascn from the
wall. Ecfore the astonishei watchman
could determine how to proceed there was
a sudden crash as a grist of wind swept
over the place and the entire party dis
appeared from view.
In one of the corridors there is a maze,
in which the average person bumps up
against mirrors at every turn, unless ho
happens to know the trick of looking at
the floor, where he can see the crack at
the bottom of the silvered glass, and thus
avoid the snares of the labyrinth. Be
yond Is a room of mirrors, where the vis
itor sees scores of reflections of himself.
If he waves his hat above his head he may
easily imagine himself a whole crowd
but careful Investigation will show that
the-myriad reflections are due to the fact
that the mirrored walls form a triangular
chamber, whose sides reflect images back
and forth indefinitely, like a giant kaieido
scope. Close by are two long rows of
looking glasses that distort the human
figure into many grotesque shapes. It la
most amusing to watch a score of people
pass down the corridor and laugh and
chaff at the ridiculous figures they repre
sent.
Near by three young women, by some
electrical magic, are transformed Into
luminous diaphanous figures, pretty phos
phorescent will-o'-the-wisps. As soon aa
the performance ia o-rer visitors pass into
the next chamber, where the possibility
of sending telegrams to one's friend la
one's own handwriting is demonstrated
by the employment of an electric pencil.
In another chamber the wonders of tha
X-rays are demonstrated. The lecturer
stands behind a screen, but the spectators
see only a vaguely outlined skeleton.
Shooting electric sparks Is a feature of
another entertainment in the next room.
The only objection one can raise to this
performance is the tremendous noise pro
duced by the flying sparks as they strike
a piece of sheetiron.
In a dark corner there Is a collection
of bottles filled with water which becomes
luminous by shaking, and visitor* may
buy these phosphorescent candles as sou
venirs. The persistence of Imases mlr
rcred In the eye is a well known fact la
science, and Is illustrated In the Palace
of Optics by throwing lantern views on
a rapidly revolving strip of wood. Al
though the wood Is but three inches wide,
the eye sees a complete picture three or
four feet square.
crobes of tuberculosis, diphtheria and
other diseases, somewhat grewsome, but
Interesting.
For many years the old miner eluded
the vigilance of his master's man-hunt
ers and kept secret the location of his
A strange story Is that of Ramon.
More than a century has passed since lie
delved In the mountain for rellow gold.
Only recently a hunter stumbled into tho
broken shaft of his mine and found the
tunnel he had driven iuto the mountaln_
side with infinite labor. If there ever wan
gold there It was all taken out long be
fore the old man met his awful fate. But
like his fellows in all ages Ramon- lived
in the hope that there lay hidden some
where in the bowels of the mountain a
vein of cold that would ' make him far
richer than the grandee to whom he re
fUEed to acknowledge allegiance.
bow tc the grandee who ruled with des
potic ha:id over the mountains and val
leys thereabouts and because of his dis
obedience was hurled, headlong, over the
side of the mountain Into the gulch from
which the gravestones are now quarried
and his life blood crushed out upon the
very stones, perchance, that have been
used In the construction of this mys
terious building.
It Is a clammy spot. The lot on which
the building stands Is overgrown with
weeds; the stone used in building is of
the same variety that Is commonly used
In cemeteries. : and the wind soughs
through 1 the half-boarded with
that peculiar moan that makes one's flesh
creep. *. '
l"he young folks who stroll through the
shady streets after. the evening shadows
¦ have fallen unconsciously cross the street
when they . approach the Bpecter walls.
As children they were wont to consider
. it the haunt of goblins' and spooks and
tfhe nameless fear still clings to them.
For many years this strange freak of
architecture has been a landmark on tho
main street of the pretty summer* town.
Ask the average resident of San Rafael
who built the roofless gray stone structure
on Fourth street, how long It has been
thera and for what It Is Intended, and he
•will answer all three questions by a shake
of the head., i ' 7;
Sometimes a feminine voice calls plain
tively, but the word3 are not distinguish
able; but there is never any response.
Those who % know the history of the moun
tain side, with Its tangle of wlldwood.
know - that it is Rosle calling for her
lover, who was transfixed by the antlers
of a great stag while hunting ?•.ere many
years ago. She wandered out to meet
him, guitar in hand, seeking to coax nlrri
home with sweet love ditties. Weeks af
terward they found her bleached bones
with those of her lover in the old quarry."
The stag's antlers were deep in a "chest
nut tree and upon them hung the skel
eton of the hunter. Rosle had found them
thus and had remained there to die.
When the moon Is brfght and the gray
walls of the House of Mystery stand out
in bold relief lovers who venture in that
vicinity on their evening strolls can hear
heartrending Sighs and strangely soft
muric/like that of the harp.
It Is supposed that the grandee's ser
vants afterward worked the mine with
out success and then banked up the tun
nel and covered the shaft before aban
doning it. One legend says that Ramon'*
spirit haunted the tunnel and the gulch
and drove the old man's murderers from
the vicinity. His camp had been in the
gulch and he had claimed the' entire
mountain as his own. That Is why Imag
inative people would believe that tha
ghost of olden time is trying t« carry
back to his haunt the stones that were
taken from It. to build this strange house.
mine, but the day came when he wa«
tracked to his camp in the mountain. At
night he was seized and bound. His cap
tors tortured him in the hope of find-
Ing out the hiding place of the treasure
he was popularly supposed to have ac
cumulated in half a centuryof toil. Fall-
Ing in this purpose they hurled him
down the steep mountain side, bending
back a stout sapling so as to throw hl3
body high in the air, as from a catapult
The builder professes to be highly
amused at the comments of his nelgh-
"I built It with a view to renting It for
an Ice cream parlor." says Cortl, with
great complacency, but he cannot make
his neighbors believe the story. They say
that the builder had planned to make it a
f hop for gravestones and monuments, but
afterward sought to transform It into a
wine cellar.
emptiness. The builder frankly admits
that he has not yet decided what kind of
roof he will put on or how the interior Is
to be subdivided. The structure sets back
seventy-five feet from the street, and Is
now Inclosed by a dilapidated high board
fence.
So Joe Cortl sticks to his chisel and mal
let, cheerfully waiting, like Mlcawber. for
"something to turn up." His neighbor's In
town continue to dlscusa the house ho has
fashioned with his own hands and ponder
upon its ultimate disposal. The young
folks can conjure tip all the spooks they
like, for all that Joe Corti cares, and vis
itors In town will continue, for many a
day, to enjoy the novelty of exploring a
haunted houses — In broad daylight.
had offers to pell it already, but I do not
want to sell. "When a tenant comes along
who will give me sufficient guarantee of
rental for three years at my own figures
I will finish the place to suit him. Some
day I will sell It for a nice little fortune.
Now I do not need the money, so I do
not worry."
San Rafael's "House of Mystery"
the very ground upon which the cerne^ry
Is located, for the most .part odds ana
ends that could not be utlllzc * b ?M^
thrifty graveyard manager In building
sepulchers for the dead. L«_i»
Joseph Cortl was his own architect.
etonemason and drayman. With his o*n
hands he cut and fashioned every stone
that w«s used In the building. He car
ried them over the dusty read from tne
cemetery to the town and with his own
hands mixed the mortar and set them in
the walls. It was a great task, but the
wonderful patience and perseverance of
the man are demonstrated In the bulldins
that now Btands as a monument to him.
Twelve or fourteen years ago. the old
tlmers say. the work was begun. It is
not finished yet. Cortl cannot give the
exact date of the commencement of the
work, but he thinks that it was not so
long ago. During the past three years no
work has been done on the building be
cause the shrewd owner has not found a
tenant to his liking and does not propose
to roof and furnish the building until he
can find a tenant who will pay the rental
he wants.
Architecturally the building: is a freak
of the most pronounced type. All the pre
rious efforts of the designer have been in
the line of vaults and sepulchers for tha
dead, and In designing his "castle" he
has not made a radical departure from
his trade. There is a great^arched door
way in front, wide .enough and high
enough to admit a team of horses and a
coach. There are several narrow win
dows on "three sides, so placed as to give
the building a curious appearance. "With
in the four walla there Is nothing *"?
bors, and does not care a snap for the'.r
stories and traditions.
"Some day I will put on the finiah'.r.s:
touches," he says, "and when the stono
walla are covered with beautiful vines
and the garden In front is fragrant with
blossoms and affords shady nooks for lov
ers while they eat their Ices and s!p coo!
drinks, they will forget all about the
ghosts and goblins and believe that Jn«
Cortl knew what he was about when h>>
built that building.
"But. who knows: Perhaps I may after
all occupy the building myself and p:v
my trade of making gravestones ther*.
Instead of flower beds and shrubbery thn
front yard may be piled full of blocks of
marble and granite, and ornamental mon
uments decorate the windows.
"It was certainly my intention to mnko
an ice cream park of It. Several yeari
ago It looked as If the town was bulldir.sr
down that way. I owned a lot and bad
plenty of stone to spare. The work was
begun, I don't know Just how many year*
ago, and carried on when I had time.
Sometimes I have been very busy here
cutting headstones and making new
vaults, and for months at a time I was
unable to do any work.
"I learned the trade, of stoneeuttlr.rc
when a boy. "When I came to San Rafael,
about twenty-two years ago, I followed
my trade In town until I was made super
intendent of the cemetery. Everybody in
San Rafael and all over the county knov.3
Joe Cortl.
"When I commenced building my "cas
tle." as they call It. people laughed at me.
bnt some day I will laugh at them. I have
IF the spooks do shriek through the
roofless vault and peer, hollow-eyed,
through the sashless windows to
frighten strolling lovers, they have a
right to. for the re Ate rials of wnich San Ra
fael's firaous "Hnjse of VyjfXryT, are
constructed came from that acknowledged
home of the entire family of ghosts-tha
graveyard.
Almost in the center of the pretty sum
mer town It stands, rearing its ypecterliko
wall? rt gray stone above a ragged high
board frr.ee, upon which, the little folks
positively assert. goblins play mad
pranks. So long has it betn s!nce '.he
buildor rut aside his trowel and chisel
that most of the reighbors are even ig
norant of his identity. They have taken
up with the popular fancy that the place
is haunted and can tell you many queer
etories of revels that have taken place
within the silent walls on dark and stormy
richts.
One disrral winter night, while the Trtnd
was moaning through the eucalyptus
trees, Night Watchman John O'Brien, just
returned from the arrival of the theater
train, was hurryinj; to his home to get a
rup of hot coffee. The pretty cottage that
contains honest John's hearthstone He3 In
the shadow of the. gray stone walls, but
little he cared for the gossip of the town
regarding the graveyard goblins. The
ftre^ta were running water and signs and
shutters creaklr.j in the wind. Snug un
der his big mackintosh and dripping
slouch hat, John, whistling an Irish jig,
ehaped his cours« for the light that shon«
through his cottage ¦window.
"O-o-o-c-o-o-o-h:*' A long and dismal
moan quivered through the air, commenc
ing: in a key that was scarcely louder than
the howl of the ¦wind and ending almost in
a shriek. The honest watchman stood
end locked atout him. perplexed. He was
certain it was an appeal for help, but
whcr.eo It came he could r.ot tell: he
r.ever once thought of the "Haunted
House." but as he looked about him and
his gaze fell upon the. outline of the mys
terious building he could scarcely keep
h!s knees from knocking together.
Clutching at the rough hewn stone, on
top cf the wall. h:s biack shape silhou
etted against the leaden sky so that it
cou'.d tyea be seen In the blackness of the
right, appeared a man with trowel «nd
etone ax. attired as a stonecutter. Bii
er.ccd iigfctiy upon the trestles within the
va'.ls and armed with spudes and White
washed sticks that looked llk» i jnce pick
ets a mimber of gho*«'~ xorniu were try-
THE SUNDAY CALL
The house Is actually constructed of
gravestones. They were Quarried . from
14There were no doors, windov.-s or aper-
tat in the mild moonlight with our fee
the light and. unbolting the door, threw
It wide open and ran.
Scarce had 1 gone ten paces when some
thing from the shadows at the angle of
the wall sped toward me with rapid thud
ding feet and clanking' chain. I half
turned and fired aa I ran. but a clutch
at my back jerked me- off my feet, and
I fell heavily just as I came opposite the
onen door of another chamber of the suite,
with a great panticg. hairy shap© on top
of me.
Seii»ng It by the throat with one hand
I warded off its clutch with the other and
began a grim, silent fight for life.
Over and over we rolled in the moon
light, snarling- and panting, fragments of
a chain thrashing the stones, and aa tha
huge form surged up over mo the moon
light falling full upon it showed, oh! hor
ror, a gigantic dogr's head upon tha shoul
ders of a man.
Managing to get my revolver once more
In position I fired again, point blank at ita
breast. .With a howl of rage and pain,
the thing leaped to Its feet and sped alon??
the corridor just as voices began to" be
heard In the court below, attracted by tho
sound of the pistol shot.
With blocd streaming down my face and
neck and my clothing torn ¦ to rags, I
dragged myself through the open door,
out through the long window on to tho
balcony and shouted to those in the court
below.
Just at that moment a lithe, shadowy
figure darted through the archway of tho
door belcw and into the startled knot of
men. who closed with it In a death strug
gle.
Down and up, downward up again, with
screams of brut** rage? acrbu the moonlit
court fled the awful shapp until at lengTh.
weakened by less of blood, which marked
its every footstep, it fell near the statue,
where, throwing themselves upon It, they
strove to fclr.d it with ropes.
All at once it fell back limp and mo
tionless, and, desisting, they stood up—
Dr. Longpre, Godefrol and a burly pea
sant ouvrier.
"He is dead," I heard the doctor say.
"Good Gcd be thanked!"
All at once from a neighboring window
a Ions, quavering v'all rent the night,
and, turning my stiffened neck. I beheld
the aged Count Torquil, supported by tho
arms cf Hubert, stretching his long thin
arias out toward the terriblo form there
upon the stones.
"Oh, my son, my poor son!" he cried,
and sank with his head upon the sill.
Hurriedly they lifted It from the stones
and bore it within, glancing fearfully up>
at me with blanched faces aa they went.
By and by Godefrol appeared, followed
by Hubert, rale as stone, and took me.
more dead than alive, to his room, and
stanched my wounds. Then he put me
to bed and left me in Godefroi's care.
"Cher ami," he said, tenderly. " I must
go to my dear uncle now. who approaches
death very fast. Dr. Lcngpre has ex
plained to me the fearful happening of
to-night, ami you shall know, too. as soon
as you are a little better. The mystery of
the wall is solved at last. Oh! mon Dieu."
and clasping his hands to his face he with,
drew, weeping 1 .
My injuries were confined to superficial
lacerations, Involving the rupture of some
smaller bloov' vessel?, and in a few tlays
1 was able to sit up in an armchair in.
Hubert's room, where he insisted in my
remaining, as the thought of going back
to my own apartment filled me with hor
ror.
One day he came in, clad In black, his
face very pale.
"Cher ami," said he. "my dear uncle Is
no more. Already very old. and oppressed
with a life's tragedy, he has succumbed
to heart failure. I am now the Count de
Quesnaye. a title I but little covet, aa
you will readily understand when you
know all."
Just at this moment Dr. Longpre en
tered and pronouncing me. after an ex
amination, out cf all possible danger, pro
ceeded at my earnest entreaty to narrate
the following history:
"Mortmere Towers (taking Its name
from a singular lake in this vicinity) is
the hereditary possession of the Ques
r.ayes and dates from the time of Loui*
XI. At one time It sheltered that mon
arch from the fury of Charles the Bold of
Burgundy. For this service he received
great additional grants of land.
"Baron de Viromesnll. whose estate ad
joins, aided materially In the protection
of the old monarch and his escape, but.
receiving no reward or recognition of thi*
fact, became the sworn enemy of the
King and included De la Quesnaye in hl.«
hatred. This feud has come down
through generations.
"So, when Lady Gertrude de Vlromesnil
'eloped down a ladder of rope' and mar
ried Count Torquil de la Quesnaye, tha
Baron, her 'father, instead of letting her
'go to Hongkong' (as in the song) came,
rapier in hand, to get her. and when ha
demanded her of her husband, who had
married her 'by lordly right of might.' h3
was laughed to scorn.
"Some months afterward (through th«
treachery of the warder of Mortmere) tha
castle folk were roused at midnight by
the clash of steel and pistol shots, and
from his balcony In the north wing M. do
la Quesnaye perceived In the court below
his father-in-law, hewing his way
through those who opposed hla entrance,
while his followers, with flaming links.
were endeavoring to oet fire to the castle.
"Already the door leading to the north
wing had been forced and the stentorian
voice of the Baron de Vlromesnil was
heard In the corridor.
"Lady Gertrude stood In mute terror
as her lord, girding on his rapier, strode
forth to meet her angry father. Oh. tho
agony of that moment!
" *At last!" shouted the old Baron, pur
ple of visage, a, light foam flying from hl3
Ups.
" 'Come on, hell hound, ravlsher, de
spoiler of the easle's nest: Shall tha
eaglet mate with the goshawk? Never!
Die, caitiff!'
"Beaten to earth by the fury of the on
slaught. Vlromesrsil's rapier playing about
him like the tongue of a nery ser
pent, the Count's life was in imminent
danger, when a hug^ bloodhound, the
Count's constant companion, leaped with
a snarl at the throat of the Baron and
bore him to earth, where he was literally
torn to pieces before his daughter's eyes.
"Before his frightened followers could
recover they were driven pellmell by tha
Count, single-handed, through the win
dows, whence they leaped, and were
crushed to death upon tne stones of tha
court below.
"It was feared for a long time that
Lady Gertrude's mind was unhinged, ai
she did nothing but weep and wring he;
hands In the seclusion of her apartments.
"Months passed and one stormy night
the castle was reused by piercing
screams, succeeded by maniacal laughter,
which was speedily stilled.
"Some thought it was the walling wind
or the banshee which had come about
recently. But at dawn I announced tn
those huddled affriehtedly beneath her
window that Lady Quesnaye was dead.
"It has always been sxipposed that her
infant died with her. Such wa3 not the
case: you saw him that night, which
nearly cost you your life. How he es
caped from his confinement I do not
know, unless through the carelessness or
Jeanneton, who conveys his food to him
by a secret door In tho wall known onlv
to her. myself and Godefrol. and th*
Count, of course, who has never looke-J
upon pirn from that time until now.
"He caused every window and door to
be walled up by workmen brought from
afar and who returned thither fn Ignor
ance of the dread secret they were shut
ting In from the world."
1
resting upon them and smoked far Into
the night.
Now and again our discourse would fall'
upon the great silent wall near us. upon
our left, which held shut up in its granite
bosom matters of such Import.
One night as we leaned over the stone
rail we saw far below a bent and falter
ing figure, carrying something, covered
like a dish or other round enveloped ob
ject, disappear into the doorway which
led to the staircase communicating with
this wing of the building, and shortly
afterward we heard in the corridor outside
my room the stealthy patter of slippered
feet.
booking out,. I perceived Mere Jeanne
ton, % with a lantern, on her way* down
that* part of the corridor which ran at
right angles with our wing a^id along the
mysterious wall.
She seemed disconcerted on being dis
covered and I withdrew hastily.
On peering out soon after again she had
disappeared, and as I had not heard her
returning steps I was at a loss to conjec
ture what had become, of her, Hubert
thought It odd. too. . «
While we spoke a distant muffled sound
penetrated' to us, which distinctly caused
our fell of hair to rise and stir.
"Que dlable!" Raid Hubert.
What indeed? A low, bass howl gradu
ally breaking into a falsetto broke upon
our ears, dying away suddenly and re
peated several times. t
Then along the passageway the careful
footsteps were heard again; and we knew
It must be old Jeanneton -returning.
I peered forth again shortly, and there
she ambled lo the .distant corridor, with
an empty dish In her hand.
' Hubert's curiosity had long ago been re
pressed, and mine was restrained by the
laws of decency, so this passed unex
plained. ' i
Hubert stayed longer than usual that
evening with me, and when he had gone
I could not sleep, thinking about that dis
mal sound and listening with sjrained ear
for that stealthy tread.
There was no recurrence of this inci
dent, and although we kept our eyes and
ears open we never got any satisfaction
on the subject of that night's occurrences.
, It wa3 deliciously creepy, off there alone
In that wing, with that great wall of
mystery close at hand and disappearing
beldames coming and going;
Providence had designed a cure for me of
this unreasonable state of mind, for I wa«
destined ere long, like Macbeth, to "sur>
full of h — ."¦ but I will not anticipate.
Count Torqull, Hubert's aged uncle,
welcomed me to Morlmere and thanked
me for coming.'
"There is so little here, for a large por
tion of the year, to egayer the life of a
growing youth," he said. "and. helas! my
Plate of health Is not such as to make It
possible to revive the ancient diversions
customary In our house."
He smiled feebly as he glanced along
the line of gallants who still ruffled It
from dingj' frame? upon the walte of the
great dining-room.
The Count, I learned, was an utter re
cluse, and this was my onlv glimpse of
him (but one) during, my stay and only
had for courtesy's sake and- his anxiety
to see his nephew's prospective guest
and an American. He seemed prepos
sessed and embraced me affectionately
ana commended me to the goodness of
Huoert and Dr. Longpre.
I feasted for weeks upon the melancholy
grandeur of my surroundings.
The Hubert at my side, the partner of
all his weird joys, was not the Hubert of
Paris school days, but a dream boy, and I
was fain to put my- arm about him as we
passed beneath the stone gargoyles that
gTmned down upon him from turret and
balcony.
There was something threatening In the
atmosphere of the place and although I
shivered deliciously myself, I was moved
to profound pity for the sweet, sad people
of the castle, who for some indefinable
reason needed It. I divined.
I was soon to have my suspicions con
firmed.
Although the country outside was glori
ous I spent my time chiefly In sketching
the treasures of picturesque material
furnished by the venerable pile of me
dlval masonry. it extended around
four side? of a vast court, in the center
of which stood a granite statue oi Boho
mnnd de la Quesnaye, ancestor of I be
Count, a crusader anu valiant man.
Th« prevailing dark gray granite of
which the castle was constructed gave an
indescribably somber effect to the plac«*.
The north side of the edifice presents :.
singular effect, such, for Instance, as one
experiences In looking into the face of a
blind man.
tures of an 11 ' kind In that wing of the
castle from foundation to battlement.
Turing to ask Hubert. who was
sketching near me one day, an explana
tion of this singularity of construction, I
perceived that he had been watching me
narrowly. .
"Mon ami." he replied ' "I would will
ingly give you the information you desire,
but I am quite as much In the dark as
yourself concerning the peculiarity In the
architecture to which you allude. . It has
been the source of much speculation to
myself since I came to live at Mortmere
as my uncle's nelr. but I have never been
enlightened.
"The people of a generation ago were
still well nigh as superstitious as in the
mlddfe asres and most of the great
hou«"»s have some ghostly legend at
tached, some inexplicable oddity, some
canker of the Imagination, manifesting
itself in queer alterations made from age
to age by successive owners."
In the course of . time, growing more
familiar, I gained " the confidence of old
GodKrcl, the concierge or warder, as he
would have been called In olden times.
From him I drew the reluctant story that
In the portion of the castle thus walled off
from the rest, and comprising an entire
wing, had died the xormer adored wife of
the Count. Lady Gertrude de la Quesnaye,
and that after her death that part of the
castle had been cut oft entirely from the
rest, the master being unable to bear any
sight ever again of what was associated
with his lc*st bride. _
More than this I could not learn; there
appeared to be nothing more. Neverthe
less my curiosity burned to see the other
side of that wall.
The apartments allotted to me. consist
ing of a salon and sleeping-room, were
situated In a wing of the castle, which I
jucged from looking up at my window
from the courtyard was situated near the
forbidden ground. I examined the corri
dors i.ear rr.y chambers and found th:it a
scl'.d wall of masonry extended on
through the castle without any apparent
openings anywhere. •
Hubert always spent his evenings with
me after dining together in his apart
ments, situated quite at the other end of
a long gallery. Narrow stoned balconies
jutted from the wondows opening on the
couti. ornamented with grotesque heads
and figures, or gargoyles, and we often
The great stuffy old carved bedstead,
with Its 'canopy overhead and pendant
dusty curtains, and all so high from the
floor that I had to climb Into it from a
chair; the paneled wainscoting, the
quaint, big-flowered wall paper, the tiled
floor and great fireplace with brass and
irons were full of the poetry and glamor
of the past.
A large tapestry hung on one s!de, rep
resenting impossible huntsmen perform
ing: impossible feats, accompanied ty
hounds that persisted In looking directly
backward as they ran, as though saying,
"Come on."
Well, 'one evening toward midsummer
as I lay on my bed in pajamas — Hubert
having bid me good-night and gone — I
was awakened suddenly from a light doze
Into which I had fallen by a slight
scratching sound.
My bed was just opposite the tall, pan
eled door.
I listened Intently, but hearing nothing
I was again sinking into a doze when I
was again startled wide awake by an un
mistakable rattle of the brazen doorknob
and a heavy escaping sound, and— and —
heavy breathing.
Starting bolt upright, I stared at the
door, when my attention was drawn up
ward to the transom, where— Jesu have
mercy!— a face, or something resembling
a face, certainly not human, glared down
upon me through the glass with burn
ished, brazen eyeballs.
My tongue was glued to the roof of my
mouth, my throat was dry and the Icy
sweat trickled down me in streamlets.
There was a growl and a rattle, and I
lost consciousness for ever so brief a
spell.
When I recovered, still sitting clutch
ing the bedclothes, stiff with terror, the
face was gone. Gathering myself together
with a mighty effort I took a pull at my
brandy flask. Then I drew my revolver,
from beneath my pillow and. stumbled
Into a chair.
"Pshaw! I was dreaming." I muttered,
but I wasn't In a hurry to open the door
to investigate.
The entire length of the castle sepa
rated me from human aid— so far that my
husky voice would not be likely to reach.
But as I Jhougnt such uncontrollable
horror grew upon me that I must do
something or die.
Grasping my revolver firmly, I blew out
THE SUNDAY CALL.
a student at the Aeadem'.e
\jk[l rrintannlere in Paris I contract-
X2\2 ed a friendship with a young
Frenchman named Hubert do 1h
Quesnaye. He was a lender youth with
cr.e of those'facs which p-aze at you from
stained glass windows in old churches
;.nd was as rr.ueh an anachron's-n in those
days as Kir.e of those remarkable com
roeltior.s naively were. He was a relic
pf medieval romance.
I could scarcely devote myself to seri
ous work for a long: time after I first saw
him. preferring to study his interest in z
personality and slyly sketching him as
be e .ood at his easeL I have among mv
collection several precious sketches oi
liim. The attitudes h<* t"ck were those of
Vandyke portraits. Hi? hands, these elo
quent mejaben expressing more of char
peter perhaps than anythine else, fell
unconsciously Into marveloua poses, un
mistakably the main de gentilhomme. a»
Lubersac. the little, well-to-do bour
pc-<is. who sat next to me. observed:
"Strange there should such differenc*
r>e 'twixt tweedledum ana tweedledee."
yet there were two creatures in bifurcat
ed garments, both of equal worldly pos
sessions, who were as different as the
rare vintage garnered fn the vaults of
Chateau F<toeni and the thfck blue drains
cf the boulevard restaurant.
Tim relations preserved between these
twn were interesting to see.
The bourgeois could never s.ep outslda
his atmosphere; the nobleman out of his;
neither drsired to. Both had received the
Ftamp In the remote beginning of things
and would preserve it until extinct. They
could l!ke or dislike unrestrained.
As a ranklesa American this was an ln
tere?t1r.s study. I was as one apart, be
ing s? y<-t non-committal upon the sub
ject of lif<> and social problems and the
heir of the ages. Yet as au artist and
devotee of beauty I naturally gravitated
lr. my liking toward the picturesque and
nristneratie youth, the heir of the an
cirnt Norman house of La Quesnaye.
I frequently lunched with both then*
f r-Hov. -piocheurs at Totins Cremerle In
the Rue B— .
Coming of a professional and artistic
family and bearing a letter to our Minis
ter were sufficient social stamp to get ma
an indorsement from Hubert's family to
his enthusiastic invitation to me to visit
h»m. so he came lugging me home with
him one fine day in May at the close of
the term at Aeadc-mie Prlntannlere.
We rode in the democratic diligence,
over roads formerly traversed by th9
Quesnaye coach and four, rieoehetting
against one another and a couple cf
pcasoj-.ts. bawling ourselves hoarse, to
Mortmere Castle, the home of the Ques-
Dayes. The road became softer as we left
the high road and the forest deepened a.«
we advanced and drew near to the estate.
Hubert had become silent and over his
face had gathered a iook which I coull
rot exactly designate as a cloud, but
which was unlike his usual expression
as we knew it at the academic. "toujour"?
avoc un sourire sur les Jevres."
Well, I must say that when I go to the
country I like quiet and to Hubert's re
mark that I probably would not find U
pay ft Quesnaye I grasped his hand cor
dially and assured him that 1 was en
raptured to hear It. as at home In Ameri
ca for a certain portion of the year I
buried myself annually In some as near
ly primitive locality as I could find and
gave myself up to considerations of sud
r.fff. I believe with Bulwer that
AU the joys most pure and holy
F;>ort 5n the shadows cast by melancholy.
Ard although we cannot thus relax In th<*
city it is <->ur God-given right to seek it
cr.ee in a while elsewhere for the soul's
health.
He pre-s^d my hand with a curious look
and seemed much relieved to h«*ar me «.
press sentiments so new in one
who seemed the incarnation of hardihood
at tho school. His manner grew positively
affect l«r.itc.
«.»n!" said he. "It is one thing to seek
pleasure! of melancholy when you
f':'^irf- it and another to have It for the
foundation Ftor.e of your existence, to flej
from It at Intervals and ever to return
tpain as to ynme fatal magnet."
The diligence rattled through the vlll
!a»re of P with a melodious fanfare of
bupling and deposited us at length at the
lodge gate of Mcrtmere.
What had formerly been a moat waj
now a great, grass-grown ditch, epannci
fcy a. stationary stone bridge In place of
the drawbridge of yore. The porter' i
lodge was on this side of the moat, none
ever approaching nearer the castle than
that, as I learned afterward.
Hubert's gravity had deepened and my
spirits had risen as the promise of a
leneiy. gloomy time Increased.
There was a good deal of the Mark Tap
ley In ray disposition. Mask it as I might
there was no one more acutely wretched
than myself whero aU tho conditions
•would have been most favorable for hap
piness to other mortrUs. It seemed as If
15
The Secret of Mortmere
How it was Revealed through
Shedding of Blood.
mmamamW "seizing it by the throat with one hand i warded [I
OFF IT'S CLUTCH WITH THE. OTHER AN P BEGAN A GRlM:5ILENT'FlGHTTbR LIFTIt has been satisfactorily demonstrated
\y San Francisco that logs may be towed
The recent arrival cf a monster raft
Intact will make a revolution In the
world's lumbering Industries.
trtxed by a little steam launch and towed
around to where the raft is being built.
For this reason the construction of the
ways was an Important engineering
achievement itself. If anything should
happen and the huge bulk refuse to glide
down the whole would be a failure, as no
mechanical force could budge It if gravity
failed.
After the ways were completed a great
«radle was built like the reverse, or -In-*
tagllo, of a ship. Into this cradle the log*
A log raft when it is ready to slide from
the ways has nearly three times ihe
weight of the, greatest' battleship When In
the same place, for the ship has not re
ceived her armament nor supplies, while
the log rafts have, been estimated to
weigh nearly twenty thousand tons, being
all built of green timber.
It was then decided that a raft must be
built like an ocean feteamer, on ways,
and with a firmly united body which was
so braced as to make . it like one solid
piece. \^
The raft was all right when leaving
shore and for some way out, but when
well in the middle of the Japan cuYrent
which runs on* the coast It was found
that in addition, to the regular shoit
u aves which show on the ocean surface
there were long almost invisible swells
whose crests were nearly the length of the
raft apart. The result was that at times
the ends only of the raft were supported
on these crests and the middle would drop
down slightly. Then the crest of the
sv.cll woiild run along to the middle
and the two ends of the raft would re
ceive less support and they would drop.
In this way the logs were continually
chafed and rubbed against each other un
til the soft green wood was worn away.
Tha size of the legs was thus diminished,
taking the strain off from the binding;
chains and leaving them free to com
mence dropping out. So the whole fell
apart, often carrying away much valuable
chain which, could not be rescued, as the
tugs would not dare to go Into the madly
tossing and grinding sea of timbers.*
The rafts were built still more solidly
and loaded with binding chains drawa
as tight as human ingenuity could accom.
pllsh. Then a careful watch was kept to
see what really happened.
Some years ago, to overcome this dif
ficulty, the first ocean-going raft- wa3
built by attempting to pile logs into .t
solid mass whl!e floating in the water,
the underneath logs sinking as others
were laid above them, all being held ia
place by chains. This structure and all
rlmilariy built went to pieces and their
timbers scattered far and wide over the
water, threatening to demolish the whole
ocean traffic, for a huge log poised on
the top of a great comber is hurled like
a bolt from a catapult and would sink a
email vessel as quickly as would a tor
pedo. •
It was at first thought that the captains
of the towing vessels had Intentionally
let the rafts go to pieces, as each raft
would be the means of throwing five or
ten vessels out of employment and in thai
way practically destroy tbe coasting lum-
X-r vessels' business. This was found to
V* not true, for although the mariners
>oay not have relished the prospect of a
return from Edectific ste&mboatlng to the
primeval Indian method of straddling a
log asd paddling It down, nevertheless
they had too much pride in their skill as
navigators to allow them to lose a single
chance to win laurels.
This is an expensive j and dangerous
method for both men and boats. Every
year many lives are lo?t. many persons
crippled and the loss of vessels is a con
stant menace to profits.
Vefffis must get their cargoes by lying
off under the point of some promontory
and having the lumber shot down with
a trolley running on a wire cabin
stretched from a staging on the headland
to a mast of the schooner.
rough mountains which descend abruptly
to an ironbound. rocky coast; forbidding
and harborless.
HARVEST SUPERSTITIONS.
VERY quaint and numerous are the
traditions, fancies and superstitions
that are either* closely or remotely
connected with, the harvest season
of the year. Writers have called it the
"romantic time," and have alluded to
August as the ' "mad month," 7 full of
"moon days." The last mentioned phrase
was probably what the old jingling rhyme
meant that declared— \ . . " .
When moon and sun together blde,\
Be sure it is the lover's tide; ; ' "" ,
Gold light, white'' light, under the heaven.
Be sure the door Is shut at eleven.
About the time of the autumnal equinox
the moon, - wheti -nearly* fulir"rTse's"about
sunset 'a number of nights In succession,
producing those wonderfully • ¦ brilliant
evenings that are noted as coming In the
harvest season. No doubt the warning to
shut the door at 11 signified a belief that
the moon '.would have shown her. best by
then.-. To' be^ abroad when the "harvest
moon's paling*'. Is bad for tha brains. A
common' 1 belief 'exists in many country
places that, the harvests moon is bigger
than any Jother.'V
¦ Superstitious. lassies used to practice i a
form 'of 'divination at the -period of that
same ) harvest moon. iOn retiring • to " rest
they .placed beneath * the pillow a prayer
book,* open -at the part of the marriage
service, .."with this ring I_thee .wed,", ana
on the' book iaid*a'kt>y,*a ring, a flower, a
sprig i of - willow, a small heart-shaped
cake, a crust of bread and four cards—
a nine of hearts, ace of spades, ace of dia
monds and ten of clubs.-. All these they
wrapped, in a muslin . handkerchief. Then,
ere" getting'; into -bed, they crossed ' their
hands and repeated aloud —
Luna, every .'woman's friend, . .
— To me thy goodness condescend;
Let me this night in. visions see
• Emblems of my destiny.".
Then,* if storms'/were dreamt of, trouble
was. foretold, unless the storms ended In
calm, >when ¦ fate 4 was not to be considered
relentless. MarriagV. was prophesied by
dreams. of a ring, an i. dustrious life" by
those -of bread, 'a prosperous life by those
of cake. etc. It was not. perhaps, a pollta
notlon.that;declared a dream about geese
on a harvest mooh'hlght'to-provethat the
dreamer would mairj^ more than once.
were dropped ; and built Into a sort of
framework with hog braces to resist the
longitudinal strains: at the rear the frame
projected to .receive an Immense rudder.
The cradle was then filled with logs which
completely surrounded the.braces. Chains
were passed around as before and tight
ened, with hydraulic pressure until th*e
whole raft was. as snug and tight as a
Manila cigar, in its wrapper.
. The entire process of building a log raft
from' the . forest to the wave Is full of
most wonderfully picturesque elements.
The felling of the trees in the woods
where* the.- choppers stand on high stag
ings to get above the buttressed swelling
at the foot of the tree, is only the first
step. • , '¦-'" y.
Then comes the snorting donkey en
gine .with miles "of wire' cable, which Is
pulled out far into the woods. A whole
train of big logs are hitched. -one arhsj'
the .other, .the rope on the fading one,
and then when" the powerful steam reels
begin wlndlrig.ln the rope away goes the
whole train of half a dozen big logs, each
s enough to make a carload. Up hill and
down dale they, go, smashing the young
saplings, tearing out "whole th.ckets of
underbrush and making clouds of blue
smoke flv -when they strike some great
Btump of sufficient might to resist their
crushing 'efforts.
Once out of the woods _ the logs are
loaded on • flatears ¦ drawn by slow-going
cogwheeled locomotives and hauled to
some cliff at the oceanside.
Here a solid chute has been constructed
with s, powerful steam derrick at tho top,
big enough to pick up a locomotive. This
derrick lifts up a log eight or ten feat in
diameter by thirty or forty feet long,
places it in the top of the chute and away
it goes four hundred feet down the cliff,
roaring and thundering, with huge clouds
of smoke flying as Its. friction burns the
chute, until it strikes the water and sends
an inverted cone of spray seventy-five or
a hundred 'feet in the air.
- When tli* log has corns to rest It la
*nv distance through the open seas and
\ow the forests of the East Indies, with
their priceless wood?, and the valuable
Umber growths of South America and
Africa may be expected any time to coma
floating into our harbors, a whole forest
at a time, with a lot of motherly Uttla
tups snorting and tugging away like ants
with a prize.
» ? »
A German scientist with all kinds of
knobs on his head has discovered that
yawning is a healthy pastime. It Is whole
some, like oatmeal and brown bread.
Yawning, it is said, stretches the muscles
of the brain, maybe, or the tendons of tha
head, sends the blood to the Jaws and
sharpens appetite and Intellect. It Is &
cheap remedy, accessible to young and
old, rich and poor, and If tt 13 as efflca
ctous as our Teuton says health Is surely
within the reach of every one la this
eountri*.
In tearing down the Atlantic Mutual In
surance Company building: In New York
City a secret method of protection against
bank burglars has been revealed In tha
form of cannon balls, loosely Imbedded in
the walls surrounding the money vault.
The Idea was to frustrate attempts to pick
the wall apart by opposing tho rounded
surfaces and freely revolving bulk of tha
cannon balls to the burglars' tools.
An electric rack-railway has been built
at Laon, France, to connect tha railway
station with an elevated plateau 672 feet
above the station, where most of the In
habitants live. The overhead trolley sys
tem is used in combination with a rack
rail track. Ordinary streetcars are used,
seating forty passengers. The total cost
of the line, which Is a mile and a quarter
long, was nearly $90,000.
The postal service establishment of tha
United States Is the greatest business
concern in the world. The revenue of th»
postofflce of New York is more thaa
SS.OOO.OOO yearly, with a net profit of J3.000L
000. 'I
TO trip the trolley or to snoot the
chutes are alternatives which con
front a redwood log as soon as the
woodman makes up his mind that
he cannot Fpare the parent tree juat at
present.
The redwood prow? in Fteep canyons of
THE SUNDAY CALL.
16
HOW LOG RAFTS ARE BUILT<=p=HEnE are many Duchesses in the
j halls of Blenheim Palace, manv la
il dies of high degree, dainty and fair
as dreams, who look down haughti
y fr..m <juair.t old frames with a set-m
:rp appreciation of thelt own import
ance. For "blood will tell." says the
linoage-lovor. and the ladies nf Blenhe.-i
alace s.neak volume* for his theory.
Bat lately a new portrait has appear* 1
within their midst that throws into m
*hade these ladit-s cf -ncient lineage an-1
*ts away their theories on th« telling
T-alities of "blood." Dainty and high
! rod though they be there are none among
them so exquisite and 80 delieiously
Duchess-like in mold as the little Duch
<^s from across the sea. who boasts no
r.oble lineage, whose took <f accestry
tells not of royal favorites, of varrlors
:o!d nor of honors »on upon romantic
liattle-nelds. but that recks with com
rcerce. with greed, with travail, with
all things plebeian from this aristocratic
poict of view. I
The portrait that defies comparison
with the patrician grandmothers of her
children is from the brush of Carolus Du
ran. it might have >>ten from Vatteau
Something of the spirit of Watteau per
vades it, though with an extra dignity
that the background of Blenheim Palace
requires. There i s a touch if Blenheim
landscape, of gnarled trees and the lake
a corner of venerable pillar* ar.d on the
•ters the Duchess, all in prfnk and while
ts dainty as a bit of Sevres. Something
about her suggests a court lady of the
time cf Louis Quln*e. although th* fri;i«
and ratches. the superfluous pleats and
paniers are pleasantly abjsent. She Is a
Watteau lady with a Htjile poyj i nfused
if such a thing can b^ Imagined. The
well turned mrists and,*iands. the dainty
fe*t. the lor.sr. slendej neck and well-
But Consuelo Vanderbllt. in acquiring
the title of the Duchess of Marlborough.
used her millions to advantage. I have
passed a number of days In the region
of Blenheim, and have gradually arrived
at the conclusion that It is well worth
while being an Knglish Duchess. In the
first place, the love and respect for the
aristocracy of the country is more sin
cere and mere deeply ground among the
British than perhaps anywhere on the
Continent. The devotion of the English
to old-time traditions and customs is
simply Ineradicable, and respect for the
master, a most unquestioned submission
to the lord, is not the least important of
those sentiments left over from feudal
times. Be what else he may. an English
Duke is none th*» less a little sovereign,
and his Duchess is none the less a Cueen.
Marlborough. for Instance, reigns su
preme over a vast country around Oxford,
cess, is not worth while, at least in my
humble estimation. I see small return for
the capital invested. Take Anna Gould,
the Countess de Castellane, \is a fair
sample of the titled American on the
Continent, and you ask yourse'.f what has
fhe gained for all of her. vast expendi
ture. She has a pink and white doll-baby
for a husband who is continually doing
foolish things and keeping himself noto
rious. She is laughed at and criticized by
the French people, who refuse to take hpr
claim to distinction at all seriously: the»
she is s'rnpiy tolerated In ..he society in
which she moves; there Is nothing of th<>
lioness r.or of the leader in her position.
She is not a cueen. She h?»s no realm,
no subjects and no particular homage
except that very vulgar homage that can
always be obtained by the vast expendi
ture of money.
Tjt T7 0THING is so exasperating to an
j^^J invalid as to have attendants or
]> it members of the family whispering
»bout something or other. The sick
porson is generally In more or less nerv
ous excitement, and, even If It were oth
erwise, nervous excitement would be pro
duced by the whispering.
The mystery of it is irritating. Xo mat
tor how weak or apparently unconscious
the patient may be, in nine cases out of
u-n he is trying to hear what is being said.
A loud whisper. "Do you think he Is go
ir.jr to live?" or even. "Hush; you mustn't
come in here!" is alarming, ar.d lessens
the chance of recovery. Whatever must
b«? said should be in an ordinary tone of
voice. There should be no mystery about
'.In- hickrocm.
Gas l^gs, or pras stove?, are now, for
two reasons, usod much In the sickroom.
Their use involves less noise, and they
tre always ready to light. Care must be
taken, however, that there is no leak in
the connections, for hardly anything is
more insidious in its effect on a sick per
ron than escaping: gas. A vessel of water
viith a larg<) surface should always be
I>!aord near the stove or the hearth where
the log if burring, to moisten the atmos
phere of the apartment. A boiling kettle
'•n a gas stove, when the stove is used, is
c-vr-n better.
In sudden Illness those who attend the
sick are too nvjch '^clined to fly to stim
ulants. p»pcc'al." jr. ndy. It is a principle
or first aid to the injured that when there
la Weeding con v.hen fainting has en
6'jod. alcohol should never be given, for it
causes Increased heart action, with a ton
eerjuenl Increased loss of blood. This Is
particularly Important to remember Jn
cases of \,'.ir<ilr.s from the lungs.
When a person faints he should be laid
fiat on his back, find all articles of cloth-
Ing that appear tight should be loosened.
Frerh air shouM be admitted to the room,
Emcllicg salts ci hartshorn should bo ap-
plied to the nostrils,, and the face and
head bathed with cold water. If neither
salts nor hartshorn can be found, a smol
dering rag will often revive the patient
When the person has regained conscious
ness, if the fainting was not accompanied
by bleeding or the result of bleeding, then
a small quantity of brandy or other alco
holic stimulant may be safely adminis
tered
Many .doctors still encourage the use of
the old-fashioned mustard plasters or the
flax pr-ed and bread and milk poultices of
our grandmothers' time. When a mustard
plaster or a hot poultice Is removed, it Is
important to dry the parts quickly and
cover with flannel or cotton wool. This is
to prevent cold from exposure.
The sickroom should be a large and
cheery apartment. The windows must bo
arranged so that the room can be dark
ened when necessary- Often the glare of
too much light in a large room is as de-*
pressing to a patient as the stuffiness of a
small one. Once a day the patient should
be well wrapped up and the room aired,
no matter what the weather may be. Rugs
are better than carpets and a. good mat
ting better than either. Bentwood or wick
er furniture is preferable to that which Is
upholstered.
Every day, if possible, there should be
a change in the general effect produced
by rearranging chairs or by changing the
place of pictures or by hanging new ones.
But the value of this will be lost unless
the changes are made when the patient
Is unconscious of them. Do not always
hare the bed dressed exactly the same.
Change the white counterpane for one
that has some color.
If the health of the sick person n«»-mit3
U. shift the tn?d occasionally from one
side of the room to another or cha%ge the
head for the foot. All these things break
the monotony of the sickroom, and assist
as much as medicine in bringing back the
normal condition of health and spirits.
Ar.d, after all. ii Is -worth while, this
being an Er.glish Duchess. To be any
thing e!se that the European title book
F-jgpesty. a French or an Italian Count
ess, a German Baroness or a Slavic Prin-
of water. in England. In the park orig
inally stood a royal palace that was the
favorite abode of Henry II. Here, also,
he built a cozy seclusion for his favorite
lady love, the fair Rosamond. This re-
Scrpe S Li 22S s^°n s For- Wr\$ Sfctycorp.
r^sod head that the "prince of court
I-aimers" loved to well to delineate are all
perfect in the young American Duchess.
She is rot pretty; ir.dced. the word seems
vulgar to apply *o her. being possible for
tnt'kmalds. ar.d. besides, the little re
troussed r.ose would prevent this adjec
tive. She Is simply aristocratic through
and through. She !s patrician to lier fin
ger tips, although sprung :-om plebeian
fourees. Some kindly fate watched over
her development ard made her fit to be
so noble a domain "from decay. Without
the host of traditions which give. It ro
mantic glory, without the ghosts of kings
and of important historical characters
with which Jt is thronged, It would yet
be of rare loveliness. "With them it is
simply ideal: it is a place for dreams and
reveries. There' are COO acres of gardens,
where almost every variety of flower is
cultivated, more than 100 gardeners being
employed. The park is eleven miles in
circumference, and the lake is referred to
by an ancient writer as the noblest piece
v • ;
md "Woodstock. His Is the name to con.
Jure with in this part of r England. Ana
the Marlborough estate— how beautiful it
is! I do not begrudge the American dol
lar? that have been dumped into it. Some
how it seems like a noble work to save
In Japan it would be thought as rud' to
neglect to offer tea to a visitor on his ax
rival as cot to sreak to hlra.
To an American girl, reared without
traditions in the new of an
American city, thi3 coining to Blenheim
ts its mistress and queen must Jiave been
the realization of a fairy tale. It Is yet
the topic of conversation for .miles around.
r this wonderful home-coming of four years'
ago, of how they took the horses* from
the carriage and pulled the Duke and
Duchess to the doorway of the Dalace. of
nnanclal strait3 of the . late Duke of.
, Marlborough, who, as everybody knows,
reflected no glory on his good old name.
Heirlooms valued at more than a million
dollars were ruthlessly sacrificed by him
not many years ago. In spite of M3 ex
travagance, however, there are many,
beautiful things left, principally the fam
ily portraits, from. Joshua Reynolds and
. Van . Dyke, .Gainsborough and. . Roianei-.
that alone, would .render Blenheim a de
light to the art lover.
e=jj=HE little city of Gheel. in Eelgrum,
I Is a resort for demented people. Ac
i» cording to a legend that has had and
at the present day still has much
weight with the peasantry of Belgium tha
city started as follows:
Many centuries ago on the s'te wh»ro
Gheel now stands an insane father mur
dered his lovely young daughter. A shrtna
was erected to her memory and was called
St. Dymphna.
The belief arose that St. Dymphna par
ticularly favored the lr.»ane and did
miraculous things for them; in conse
quence hundreds of Insane people wero ,
yearly brought to her shrine that sha
might intercede with God for their res
toration.
Oftentimes many of the unfortunates
lingered around the shrine for months at
a time, finally it became a permanent
abiding place for many, and gradually a
city came Into existence. It now has a
population of about 10,000. and at least
every fourth resident is insane.
The Insane that come to them are not
lodged In asylums; those not easily man
aged are taken care of in suburban cot
tages, and the mildly insane board with
the private families of the city. Very few
of them are under restrictions of any na
ture, and they arc met with everywhere
In the city, walking about with entire
The coming of an insane boarder into a
Gheel family is made a gala day affair.
Every member of the family Ures3es for
the occasion, the house 13 beautifully dec
ornted an^l a card bearing the word "wel
come" in large bright letters is placed In
a conspicuous place. The head of tha
family introduces the newcomer as
"friend" or "relative." and after a warn
greeting there is a banquet and a general
good time.
» Next day the boarder goes to work witb
other members of the family, for to kee>
the Insane employed is a part cf the treat
ment. Unmanageable patients are coaxed
into doing what is thought best f»-r them.
Under no circumstances is an insane per
son irritated or dealt with harshly in tha
city of Gheel. Nor are they ever spoken
of as being- Insane or lunatics: they are
called either "innocents" or "friends."
They fire given an abundance of plain,
substantial food, plenty of outdoor exer
cise and are in every v. ay treated In th«»
most' humane way. As a result the sta
tistics show that at lcn.-t €1) per cent of
the .patients go away cured, ami the In
curables are almost invariably greatly
T»hen you visit Belgfum don't fail to se».
the strange city of Gheel. It is but a
short distance from Antwerp.
Strand C^y cF
The two Marlborough babies are sturdy
English youngsters and may be seen In
the gardens on any fine afternoon, erjoy
ing themselves in quite the same fashion
as less . favored children. The Duke of
Marlborough is hardly the "Ideal man."
still he Is much more decent than Is
popularly supjvosed, his crying fault being
a lamentable insignificance. In this re
spect, however, the Duchess Is r.o more
to be pitied than the millions of other
women In the world with insignificant
husbar.ds. No, I cannot wax sentimentai
In this regard! There are nrrt croush
"significant" men to go the rounds and
it Is much better that the ir. significant
ones should te distributed whero there is
eo much compensation. It Is surely worth
while being a duchess!
The Duchess Is very beautiful In th»
saddle, which, of course, delights all
English souls. She had never hunted till
after her arrival in England, but Is now
considered an expert by the severest
critics. Most commendable of all. she
has endeared herself to the poor people
for miles around the palace. Every on«
has a kind word for the Duchess. "I tell
you, she's a hangel on hearth." one of tha
gardeners said to me as I watched h!m
transplanting his roses. "My old woman
had been ailln' for many a year, when this
summer the Duchess says to me, 'John.
how's your wife 7* and I says to her. *>»ot
very good, your Grace.' She's llmpiri'
about and frettin', just as usual.* 'Would
Fhe like to go to the seaside?* says the
Duchess, and I says quite natural like.
•Well, I dare say she would, but it costs
money to go to the seaside, yer Grave.'
'Well.' says the Duchess, 'you tell her to
get ready and go and I'll pay the ex
pense.' " The poor people from far ?.nd
near have similar j.tories to tell.
The your.gr Duchess of Marlborouga has
made herself very popular amors her
husband's people. She is endowed with
the kind of talent that is appreciated in,
the British aristocracy, simply the abltitv
to do nothing in particular and to do it
gracefully. A positive talent is absolute
«y vulgar In English high life. It is so
much better form to be entirely negative.
The Princess of Wales, for example, has
never been known to do anything but
smile.
the fetes and holidays and rejoicings that
ensued. Even at Oxford this home-com
ing ha* woven itself Into a bit of history
that every inhabitant loves to relate. At
& o'clock every night for centuries "Tom."
the famous old bell of Christ Church
College, had pealed out solemnly a warn
ing to students to be within their quarters.
There is but one case on record where
"Tom" failed to do his duty and thia waa
on the night of the ball given at Blen
heim for the young Duchess. Christ
Church having been the college of tho
Duke, the students thereof were invited
indiscriminately, but the "dons" and di
rectors were appealed to In vain. Per
mission was absolutely refused to atter<£
the ball. No such precedent should be
established, no such infringement of dis
cipline should mar the record of staid old
Christ Church. "You will be In as usual
when Tom* sounds to-night." was tha
rigid Injunction. Strange to say, there
was no rebellion of any sort, but that
night "Torn" was silent. The rope was
spirited away in some mysterious fashion
and the students went to the ball.
treat stood for many years, and was
known as Fair Rosamonil';< Bower. The
spring where she was said to bathe Is
yet one of the attractions of the park,
under the name of "Rosamond's Well."
Edward, the Black Prince, was born in
this palace: here the Princess Eliza
beth, afterward Queen, was kept a pris
oner during the reign of Queen Mary. It
was a favorite Iiabitation of the Kings
of England up. to tic time of Charles I.
when it was unhappily allowed to decay.
The present palace was erected during the
reign of Queen Anne, and presetted by
her to John. Duke of Marlbororjjh, as
"a testimony of royal favor and rational
gratitude for hi3 services against the
French and the Bavarian?." Parliament
concurred with the Queen in this pre
sentation, and voted 500,000 pounds for the
comphetion of the palace. Readers of
Walter Scott will remember that in the
beginning of '"Woodstock" the author re
fers enthusiastically to the splendors and
the rare, art treasures of Blenheim. Un
fortunately many of these art treasures
are to-day conspicuous by their absence.
Vacant niches and huge blank spaces on
the walls that formerly were adorned by
the works of masters to-day attest the
THE SUNDAY. CALL.
17
AT THE HOME OF AN AMERICAN DUCHESSWhen Men Make Calls
In making an afternoon call a man
asually leaves his overcoat, umbrella or
Jtlck, hat and gloves in the hall befora
•nterlng the drawing room. He may, i:
a© choose, carry his hat and 'stick into tha
room at a first or formal call. If It Is to
be very brief, except at a reception. He
removes his right glovo before offering
to shake hands.
He never offers his hand first, but waits
the invitation of his hostess. If she 13
behind her tea table she may not rise to
greet him, but gracefully .ncludes him
In the conversation and perhaps bo vs her
adieus. - ,
It is an evidence of good breeding to
enter and leave a room unobtrusively.
It is not usual to introduce a guest np
on his entrance to more than one other.
He never shakes hands whea presented
to a woman, but always when Introduced
to a man.
The lady always gives invitation
to call. A man must not go beyond an
evident pleasure In her society by way
of suggestion. Sometimes a woman friend
will exert herself for him. The sooner tha
call follows the invitation the greater tna
compliment. A fortnight is the usual In
terval.—Mrs. Burton Kingsiand In th© Oc
tober Ladles' Home Journal.
bits and freed. of skin and gristle, and
rolled in flour. Stir them well through
the mixture und let brown, then add three
more spoonfuls of oil, also two carrots, \
scraped and cut in | dice; two tomatoes,
peeled and sliced: one large or two small
onions, three green peppers, half a head
of. cabbage, cut small: a root of celery,
a . sprig of parsley, and a bouquet of
herbs. Cover and shake over the fire for
ten minutes— until the meat Is well
browned — then pour in a pint. of stock or,
lacking it, hot water, and stand the pot*
where it will simmer for an hour. Serve
in a deep dish or turneen, with sippets of
very : brown toast- underneath. This is an
excellent way of using up leftovers. If
the vegetables are aiready cooked.twenty
minutes of simmering is enough, and the
water or broth must be diminished by
one-fourth. , ¦ ••
Sweet Potato .Croquettes.
Bake. the sweet potatoes until they are
tender;; then scoop .out the centers' and
put them through a vegetable press. To
each • two • cups of mashed potatoes allow
a vtablespoonful.of butter, ;a level tea
spoonful, of 'salt. a. tablespoonful of sugar,
and: a half saltspoonful of white pepper:
mix thoroughly. -> Form Into cylinders, dip
in < egg, r then. in breadcrumbs and fry in
smoking-hot • fat.— October Ladles' Home
Journal. - : • . *. \ • .
Stewed Mutton.
: Choose a good fat neck, with as much
of ribs and breast as needed to make out
a dish, have the butcher -gash it deeply
and break the bones. Wash the meat
well and lay it in a deep pot, then sprinkle
it liberally- with salt and; red and black
pepper. Fill the pot with water to "cover
the meat an Inch, bring It to a quick boll,
dash a little cold water , to throw up the
scum, skim well, then set the pot where
it will barely simmer and cook till a
When all are in. add more salt and pepper
— if it had gone in at first the meat would
be over-seasoned. Fill up the pot with
hot water, as it evaporates. Ten minutes
before serving, roll a generous lump of
butter In either cracker dust or sifted
flour, and drop it in the pot, stirring until
it melts. _______
Delicious Tea Punch.
Put one tablespoonful of Ceylon or India
tea into a large pitcher, and pour over
one quart of boiling water; cover the
pitcher and stand it aside for ten min
utes; strain and add a pound of sugar
the Juice of six lemons and two oranges.
Stand this aside until very cold. When
ready to serve add ice and Appollnaris.—
October Ladies' Home Journal.
petrel's to' FfcTp
Those Who
Would Make Ca^-
USE good materials if you want
good cake.* There is no alchemy In
the oven f o transmute stale eggs,
sticky sugar, strong butter and
lumpy flour Into something rich and
toothsome. Neither will the most skillful
mixing and baking do away with the
acrid flavor resultant from poor baking
powders.
To. Judge flour, ruffle the surface of It
—the shadows between the heaps look
faintly creamy. Blue-white flour Is apt to
have a taint of corn flour or corn starch,
lemon, one cup tomato Juice; let simmer ;
for ten minutes; add one cup bread- ,
crumbs; renll shell; brown in hot oven;
garnish with the coval, parsley and
lemon.
Chicken in Curry Sauce.' •
Brush broilers infide and out with but
ter, dust with pepper and salt; place in,
pan and bake thirty minutes in hot oven,
basting frequently. When done remove
chicken from pan,, add enough hot water
to contents of pan to make one cupful; 4
stir in one large tablespoon of curry
powder, three slices of onions minced and
browned, one cupful cream, "two beaten
egg yolks, two tablespoons flour; add salt
and pepoer; simmer till creamy. Garnish
chicker with julienne potatoes, parsley
and lemon.
suggestions Fop
the P-T_te
ar|d Pock^book-
HERE are some ways in which the
eternal round of beef, mutton,
fowl, boiled, roast/, hashed and
minced, may be varied with equal
profit to palate and pocketbook. While
the high-headed person may wish to keep
her boarders always crying out: "How
expensive!" the wise one prefers to hear:
"How well flavored"— especially If the
flavor means a saving of expense.
Mutton Piquante.
.Wash and trim a leg of mutton, then
score It deeply In half a dozen places and
crowd Into the scores either half cloves
of, garlic or small button onions, also
pinches of salt and a few drops of salad
oil. Lay the meat in a pan, with a cup
ful of hot water, turn another pan over it,
and bake until three parts done. Mean
time mix a tablespoonful of French mus
tard—dry, of course— and three . table
spoonfuls of fine cracker crumbg, to a
thin paste, dropping in alternately oil and
vinegar. Season the paste highly with
salt, black pepper and cayenne. It must
be soft enough to spread" very^ thin,' but
not' to run.' ; Take , up the meaC'put ltin
a dry nan • and cover it ¦ well with ' the
paste, then return it to the, oven. and let
it roast gently until the paste is a brown
crust. _ : . . , ¦ t .' , ;-¦ I ' -'^v ; -
Beefsteak Marinado.
Take a thick sirloin or rump steak,
score it -lightly on both sides and. pour 'a
tablespoonful of salad oil into the scores.
Lay it quickly In the marinade,. let stand
an hour, . turn, take, .out;, wipe -dry,
sprinkle; lightly [with;: salt, and thickly
with, pepper and. ; mustard, V, then '.broil
quickly and serve very hot, , with' a* dash
of melted butter— not • drawn" butter^-on
the upper side. ¦•¦"¦¦- ¦
Mutton Marinado.
• "Wash," trim and • score the mutton i as
above, but cut half a green pepper and 'a
slice of onion In the scores instead of the
garlic. Next rub a spoonful of salad oil
well over the surface and let it stand
while you • make - your marinade. " Take
half a pint of strong ' salt water— sea
water If obtainable— and half a pint of.
either apple vinegar or sour wine. . Put
them in an enameled saucepan with a
teaspoonful of sugar, a shalot minced, a
dozen peppercorns, half a dozen cloves, a
bouquet of herbs or a pinch of dry herbs
in powder, bring to a quick boil, skim, set
aside and when bloodwarm pour in the
dish around your mutton. The meat
Should not be more than half covered. Let
it lie two hours/ turn, . nnd let stand two
hours longer. Roast In a covered pan,
and brown quickly at the very last.
Hamburg Steak;
Rub a, good sized baking | dish inside
with garlic, then line it with thin slice*
of fat bacon, and, sprinkle the bacon well
with both black and red pepper. Take two
pounds of good Hamburg steak and work
into it a ; minced white onion, a teaspoon-^
ful of salt, a saltspoonful of black and
red pepper, a , pinch of - herbs and two ,
ounces of bacon chopped very fine. Knead
all well together, then shape flat, and put
in the dish. Sprinkle a little mustard over
the then cover ', the steak with a layer
of [sliced .bacon and: set theTdish to r bake
for;; an .hour. Thicken' half a 'ciip .of
claret '-with ' a teaspoonful of -,' browneel
flour,. pour it aroundUhe steak/ bake ten
minutes longer, and' serve very hot. ;<J" -
Olla-Illa,
-Put three spoonfuls of salad oil, into an
earthen ." stewpot, ' set it ¦•¦ over " slow I flro
and shake into ' It a teaspoonful of dry
mustard, a pinch of salt, a dust of pepper
and cold * meat of any sort— lamb, veal,
chicken, beef, or : scraps of all— cut ! Into.
to find some new dl^h to coax lazy appe
tites.
If she would turn to salad? she would
find an endues? store of variety. Take a
melon ealad. in sfason now that ridiry."
Juicy canie!e;ies- are rolling" over each
other in every market in their hurry to be
cold. There isn't an af petite in existence
that can re>:st t!.is.
* Melon Salad.
Cut a s'.ice from the bottom of an oval
melon so it will stand evenly, cut two
pk-ces from the lop so as to form an inch
wiile handle. Remove seeds and mem
brane, cut edible portions into small
cube^, mix with. one t—blespoonf ul sugar,
one-quarter teaspoon cinnamon, one
quarter leaspoi.n mace. Heap salad into
the bask.t. s<t on Ice to chill. Serve
garnished wit'.i grape leaves.
Doesn't it sMuid ueliciuus'.' And here is
another novelty to try whin that is worn
out.
Lentil Salad in Turnip Cups.
Remuw center* of four boiled turnips
go as to form tups; mix one slice of onion
minced with one cupful cooked lentils.
adding, a dash of paprika and enough
crea.ni salaO dressing to moisten. Kill Uio
cups, chill and serve on bed of cress.
Perhaps you have not a good recipe for
crecm nrrnraltig. Try this.
Cream Salad Dressing.
Mix one cup vinegar, one teaspoon dry
mustard, one-half teaspoon salt, one
quarter teaspoon pepper, one teaspoon
FUgar; put oxer Tire. When hot stir in one
cup sweet <>r slightly sour cream, then
beat in y<,lks of two egg.s; cook only until
creamy."
Did you ev*r Fee a tomato salad made
In a mold? It looks as glltteringly cold
• as some new sort of ice. and as it depends
on canned tomatoes It is never out of
eeason.
Tomato Salad.
Add to one can tomatoes one-half bay
leaf, f~ll<-f of onion. s-Ix clove?, six pepper
corns, stalk of ceiery, six spries of nars
ley. one tca«p3«jr.ful salt and dash of
pepper. Boll twenty minutes, strain and
add to hot liquor one-half box gelatine
dissolved in a little cola water, then fidd
two tabJespocr.fuls vinegar. Turn into
mold an>i set in cold place for twenty
four hours. Serve with mayonnaise
dressing:.
Hot-weather df>s?erts are another source
of tribulation. Cake with fruit 5s often
mere attractive than the most elaborate
catering. H-re are Rome suggestions.
Apricot Tarts.
Make a short crust; cut with heart
cooky cutter a:i<i !>a_ke to a drlicate said
en brown. Half of the hearts should b<?
pierced as in the picture. When cool, flli
the Itnpferced hearts with apricot mar
malade and place pierced ones over
these.
Pineapple Parfait in Shell.
Remove pulp from pineapple and shred
It ve— v line: add ore pint water, one pint
FUFar. juice of one-half lemon, juice of
one orange and Jet the whole simmer ten
minutes: cool t.nd turn into freezing can.
When chilled add one pint sweet cream!
freeze to a mush. When ready to serve,
heap into the chilled pineapple shell.
Here are some variation*: of fish, flesh
and fowl.
Crown of Lamb With Mushrooms.
Have the butcher prepare a crown of
lamb. Place bone-Fide down in pan anil
roast until a golden brown; place on dish
and fill center with mushrooms stewed in
the brown gravy. Garnish with water*
cress and slices of browned potato.
Baked Salmon Trout.
Mix one pint dry bread crumbs, one
table*poonful minced onion browned in
butter, one tablespoonful parsley, one
teaspoonful salt, one-quarter teaspoonful
pepper, one egg. Fill cleaned fish, sew
tip the opening, cover with slices of salt
pork and bake In hot oven, allowing fif
teen minutes to one pound. Garnish with
tried oysters, lemon slices and parsley.
Angels' Food.
One and one-fourth cupfuls granulated
Fugar. one cupful flour, measured after
•sifting; pinch of salt, one teaspoonful
cream or tartar, one teaspoonful vanlla,
whites of ten eggs. Whip whites until stiff
and dry, add salt and cream of tartar,
then put In gradually the sugar and flour,
end add flavoring. Turn into a paper
lined, ungreased tin and bake In slow
oven for one hour. Invert tin and let It
stand until cake Is cold.
By the way. remember how much de
pends upon the whites of ergs In any
cake, most of all in angels' food. Never
leave off whipping until the whites will
t-tand alone in a tall pyramid when you
take out the beater. The warmer the
weather the harder to achieve this, but
DO you know any housekeeper who
Is not groaning there warm fall
days over the perplexities of her
table?
How weary the family has grown of the
same ol J roasts and bakes and broils, she
will tell you. How she is at her wits' end
no cake is perfect without it. There is a
whole sermon for lazy people in an un
successful angels* food.
Lobster a la Nelson.
Remove meat from shell of boiled lob
ster; place it in stewpan with one table
spoon butter, dash of pepper. Juice of on*
straw will pierce the meat. Have ready
two carrots, cut in dice, a shredded cab
bage, six Irish potatoes, peeled and
quartered, two onions, sliced, four toma
toes, peeled and sliced; a pint of Jvlma
beans, four turnips, cut very thin. Drop
them i»to the stew a handful at a time,
eo as net wholly to check the simmering.
/
or else be ground from wheat below thi
highest grade. Perfect flour, grasped li
the hand, will show when released all tin
veins of the palm, as well as keep shape
It has also a sort of velvet feel, whicc
may be learned, but can not be more ac
curately described.
A soft well flavored coffee sugar wltl
THE SUNDAY CALL.
18
only a faint saccharine smell Is for many
sorts of cake better than either granu
lated or cut loaf, and first class grocers
will supply on demand a light yellow sort
sugar, much better for dark cakes than
any of the white sugar tribe.
Butter speaks for itself— to eye and
nose. Eggs carry within the hallmark of
freshness. It Is the air bubble at each
end, betwixt the lining membrane and the
shell. "When the bubble 13 small and lo
cated at the ends the eggs are at least
reasonably fresh; If It has shifted to the
top, or is as bis as your thumb's end.
they are open to suspicion. Eggs are
better broken cool than warm — so In hot
weather It is well to lay them in ice
water, or set them In a refrigerator half
an hour or so before using 1 .
Cake making single handed Is a matter
for method. First measure your butter
and set It where It will soften without oil
ing. Melted butter cannot be creamed,
and creaming is essential to lightness in
the cake. Put it in a bowl big enough
to admit of vigorous stirring. Then meas
ure your flour, sifting It first; put In the.
poda or baking powder and sift again.
Cake flour should always be sifted twice
—if it is measured as It comes out of the
barrel you will get too much of It. If it
feels the least bit dammv. or even If the
day Is damp, set It where It will warm
without scorching, until you are ready for
it.
Next measure your sugar, and be sura
the measure is exact. Sift it and set It
also to warm, but be sure It does not heat.
Now break your eggs and separate yolks
and whites. Break each one over a small
dish— then Jf you find a bad one, you will
not ruin the whole batch. Put tha yolks
Into the mixing bowl and bo sure- It fa big
enough — It should be twice th© capacity
of the finished batter, to allow for beat
ing. Beat the yolks till they foam and
look almost creamy white, then put in tha
BUgar. a cupful at a time. a.nd beat again.
After i that, cream the butter — really
cream it. Do not be satisfied when it
is soft enough to stir. Keep beating and
stirring It, always the same way until it
drops from the spoon In a frothy rope. Add
it to the eggs and sugar, alternately 'with
the flour, and take care to stir .In every
bit of flour before you put in more butier.
A drop of butter falling upon dry flour
makes a lump it is almost impossible to bo
rid of. When all the butter and flour are
in. beat hard for ten minutes, then go to
work whipping the whites of eggs. Beat
them very stiff, and mix in lightly. Now
ff you have used soda alone, put in your
lemon juice — strained, or your sour cream.
Beat the whole mixture, for three minutes
longer, add your flavoring, also a dash of
rum or brandy, then pour Into molds and
sot in the oven. -\ \l
Here is an excellent quick sponge cake' —
especially good to break, and eat hot. or
serve with sauce as a dessert. Break five
eggs, whites and yolka together, beat them
very light, then add two cups of sifted
sugar— three cups, scant ones — of twice
sifted flour. Beat smooth, then add a cup
of strictly boiling water, in which you
have dissolved half a level teaspoonful of
baking soda. Stir hard, then follow It with
the strained juice of two lemons, a
teaspoonful of lemon extract, and tho
grated yellow rind of the fruit. Last of all
stir in half a gill of whiskey or brandy.
Bake in a quick oven. This makes a fine
layer cake by baking thin. Spread a layer
still warm with frosting, then strew
chopped nuts, and seeded raisins on the
frosting, and put on another layer. Repeat
until the cake is as high as you like. Let
cool, trim smooth all around and frost
thickly.
DAINTY SIDE DISHES FOR THE EPICUREm a museum yet, the head of Joaquin
Murieta."
The tale "of the famous capture of the
terrible bandit as told by the Gomez fam
ily differs somewhat In detail from the ac
count given In the histories, but the
warmth and firmness of the former, as
delivered by the two, Incline one to be
ileve that there is something in • Don
Juan's scornful explanation. .. "The. his
tory," he says. "oh. the man that write,
he do not know. He only hear, he do not
know." It is thus that Hittell is im
peached. Another fifty years will leave no
disputants.
t Similar, but moro recent, is the recital
of the adventures of the notorious Tibur
cio Vasquez. and his. association .with the
families of Watson and Gomez.
"I know when he was a boy— him
and his brothers"— says Don Juan. "He
is then a good boy. Nobody know any
thing mean. At school he Is then very
much liked. His family Is a eoofi tau»ity.
like mine. You know, my father come
from Mexico. He was appoint the Attor
ney General, the legal adviser, for the
Mexican Government. Well. Tiburcio Vas
quez have a good family. and
everybody know he is then a
good boy. One night when Tibur
cio is 15 - yearn old. at a ball, some
body shoot at. somebody and a man get
killed. They say Tiburcio shoot, and' they
call him up for a trial. ' He run away.
He Join a bad man. a desperado. The
desperado make him a bad man. After
a, year, when they rob and steal, he break
away from the desperado and start for
hlraself. lie Is a leader and he have about
fifty men. They steal, they rob. but not
kill. They are highway rohbers. They
frighten everybody, and rob ill the lime.
The Sheriffs hunt, and officers look every
where, but cannot make the capture.
Many years Va3quez and the bandits
keep it up and make much money, get
rich. When you fay the name of Ttbur
cio Vasquez everybody get scared, like at
Joaquin Murieta."
"I Know," "Interrupts Mrs. Gomez. "lie
is a bad man, too, but not kill, like Joa
quin Murieta. But he frighten very much.
One time when we live in Monterey I send
my two little boys to get jnilk down to
the ranch of Mr. Gomez's" mother, at 6
o'clock in the morning. They go along
together and meet a man. The man ia
tall and dark. He stop them and
scare them. He tell them he is Vas
quez, and frighten them very much.
My little boy. his hair stand on end.
and he say he like to run. but he is
too scared. He find they speak Spanisli
and ask who they are. and they tell. Ha
say he know the Watsons, and that to>
take back his respects. He will not hurt
them, and he laugh because they are
frightened. That was the only time we
see him. until Mr. Gomez see him in Jail
at Salinas, but my brother. Tom Watson,
he hunt for him. He was Sheriff and take
lots of men to hunt for Vasquez. but never
find him. It is very funny one time. My
brother, the Sheriff, he take lots of men
and he hunt. They track Tiburcio. They
get all around him. but not know It. Tl
burcio and his men hide In a hole under the
root of a big tree. two. three days, and
the officers hunt all around. When they
go away from the place Tiburcio come
out and laush. Somebody know, they
say. but everybody afraid to telL Lots
of. times Tiburcio Vasquez set away
and make the escape. But Sheriff
Rawlin catch him way down In
Los Angeles County. It Is a «hrewrt
way to catch him. It have to be. YOU.
Tiburcio, he always so ahead of his men,
and look to see what is the matter. No
body know how he looks, and onJy know
his name, which frighten them. There is
then a man named 'Greek George' that
kept a roadhouse, and Tiburcio go there
every day to eat his meals. Nobody know
him, he think, and maybe he is safe. He
tell my husband about In the Jail.'
"Yes, In the Jail at Salinas." Don Juan
relates. "I go to see him, and he tell m©
he never know me since we leave school.
Then he Is glad to see me, and tell mo,
all about everything. I ask him did he
rob the stores where the men were shoot
at Tres Pinos, and he say no. He know
.1e is then going to be hung, and will tell
the truth, and he say no. before God. he
have absolutely nothing with It to do. Hl3
men go and make the robbery without his
order. Then he tell me how he la cap
tured. He laugh over some of the jokes.
It Is at "Greek George's' he used to eat.
He go there every day. He say he look
with a glass from the window every time
to see if some one come for him. but
could not see anything exetpt every day
when he eat at noon he see a wood
nagon drive u?. The wood wagon have
jldeboards and is very deep, but the man
Joad the wood, and it seem all right, when
he see Jt every day. so he does not be
frightened, or look for danger. One day
he go and look, then he see no one but
the wagon coming and he> lay down his
pistol belt in the corner and sit down to
eat. When he have eaten some he .iear
a cry to throw up the hands, and he Jump
up and run to the window. He see
two rifle barrels point at him there. He
run to another window and he see
two more. Then he go for the door and
two other windows, but everywhere he
meet rifles point at him. and get shoot
seven times all over. Then he know it
was al! up and he have to surrender, and
there are seven bullets In his body. The
men have come in the wood wagon. Sher
iff Rawlin make the capture. He send
the wagon there several days so that Tl
burclo Vasquez not know to be afraid.
Then they bring Vasquez to Salinas. Aft
erward they take him to San Jose for the
fear the jail would not be strong enough.
And they hang him."
Thus far Don Juan Gomez and Cather
ina Watson Gleason Gomez tel! the story,
then Don Juan fills his big pipe, while
Mrs. Gomez folds her hands and sigh3
and drops into a reverie of reminiscence.
When the pipe is lit and drawing: briskly
Don Juan puts on his hat and goes from
the little home to hl3 work across the
street to Branch B of the city's library,
the personification of old-school grace and
courtesy. Catherlna busies herself with,,
the intricacies of a curiously stitched
mantilla and the little household settles
down to the peaceful, law-abldinc atmos
phere of ¦ the year 1900.
Catherlna Watson, with her coquetry and
her lovers, down to the quiet old Span
ish lady, with her gray hajr and her aged
husband, bcth living In reminiscences and
sighing for days of departed youth. Then
they continue the tale of Joaquin Murleta.
"You know how he was captured? Oh,
yea; he kill many officers and people. But
one-day, when the Legislature send out a
man named Love, with twenty men to
help, they run after him a long ways and
track him away down to the south of
California. And then they find Joaquin'
Murieta and his men. all together, camp
ing with the saddles off the horses, rest
ing.
. "They do not know Joaquin ' Murieta
when they see him, and maybe he escape,
but* Mr. Love, he make a quarrel with
Joaquin, and while they quarrel another
man name Byrnes, he come up, and he'
know Murieta, so he tell. JIurleta start
for his saddle, where he have his pistol,
but he never get there. They shoot him,
and he run. All his men run away, dif
ferent direction. Some of them waa killed
and some escape. Joaquin Murieta he run,
when they shoot him all full of toles.
Spaniards cf Southern CaMfornia thirty
years atro and set them all to dueling and
quarreling for the favor of a smile.
F+he has much besides to tell of the days
cf the tambourine and 'the gay Spanlsti
balls— pretty stor'e3 cf the chivalry ami
gayety of California as California wa'j
fifty years ago; a round of romance, mu
sic and social whirl: how she chose from
among her admirers a handsome young
husband from the East: how he. lavished
riches upon her, and added even more to
the extravagant manner with which a
wealthy and doting father hail always
treated her; how the young husband died,
and her sorrow; the natural recovery of
a cheerful and sunshiny nature: then of
her love for Don Juan Gomez; the wooing,
of the handsome cavalier, witr- his tink
ling guitar, his musical voice and his pic.
turesque dress, and of .ier marriage to
him and the coining of children.
Throughout it all there is an interest
ing thread of incidents connected with
names that have come down in California
histofy. General Fremont. General Cas
tro and others of those whose names are
of record in the annals of the State, are
spoken of with the light breath of per
sonal friendships and associations—amus
ing little Incidents of household difficul
ties and domestic characteristics, where
of history does not tell.
In the old adobo house of Watson there
were many joyous festivities, but withal,
the' dignity of a "principal family" and
the r>nue of the early aristocracy. There
Is also the sadder tale of the loss of the
old rancho. the death of the beloved fath
er, and the down grade from prosperity
and wealth to poverty and privation
which brings the beautiful, dark-eyed
body know his name, but nobody know
the face of Murieta. My father was Eng
lish— an English gentleman. My mother
was a Spanish lady. Joaquin Murleta
come to the house liko he was a. stranger.
He would go like that way. ahead of hi3
band, and make the soundings. He come
to my father's house a::d ask to s!eep ar.d
eat. My fa'-her was a very hospitable
man. He say. 'My house is yours.' and
Ull h'im to sleep In the wing of the house,
with the boys. The boys notice he sleep
with the pistols at his belt and not un
dress. Sometimes he get up quick whcti
he sleep, ar.d go out y and 'ook around.
Then he com* back and sleep light, with
the pistols by his side.- The boys got
scared and they tell my father they don't
like to sleep In the same part of the hou»e
with the stranger. Eut he go away. A
few days after he comfe back and a wholo
lot of men come with him. They walk
into the house and the store which is with
it. And the leader Is the stranger. He
walk up to my father and order provis
ions— so much pounds of sugar, so much
pounds of coffee, and everything. Then
he say he was Joaquin Murieta, and we,
everybody, was frightened to death. We
think he would kill us all, because wa
know his oath.
"We never think to live long. and. my
father, who was always a brave man,
turn very white— but he keep en handing
out the things. When they erder the gal
lone of whisky we. frcni where we hide,
hear him say, and we think they would
be drunk and kill everybody. But pretty
soon, when they get everything they like.
Joaquin Murieta make the speech. He
say to my father: "Mr. Watson, you are
one gentleman. You are one hospitable
man. I respect, you. I v.-ill shake your
hand, and net mo nor my men shall harm
you or any df your family. It is because
of the hospitable. I will be your friend.'
"Then he throw down the gold on the
table — lots of gold— and he want to pay
for 'h- tl irgs be have ordered. He want
to pay twice too much. My father not
let him do that, and he pay the price.
Then he go away, and say: 'Mr. Watson,
you need not be fearing Joaquin Murieta.
He will never hurt you nor any of your
family. And his men will not hurt, either.'
"When he was gone r.e all come from
where we was hide, all trrmh'ina-. We
CALIFORNIA Is yet young. For the
memory of living men runneth back
in cr.n!:rmatlon of the thrilling ta'.es
told of her sowins of wild cats.
Don Juan Gomez is one of those who re
member.
Moving quietly about and dusting th««
b oka ::i (be Public Library. Branch B, at
the corner of Powell street and Broad
way, the old Spanish gentleman content
edly fulfills the duties of the position of
which he is now incumbent, courteously
answfrini? inquiries and giving out infor
mation with something- of the grace which
distinguished him as the gay young Span
ish eava'.ier of fifty years ago. Dut to
those who are interested Don Juan Go
mez will tell many a stirring ftory. And
when he has told a tale his wife, a daugh
ter of the house of Watson,' will toll the
listener a better one.
Best of all is the story of their personal
experiences with the famous desperadoes
and banditti which terrorized all Califor
nia, the most fearless, most daring and
most desperate of whom was the intrepi-.i
Joaquin Murieta.
"He was. oh, a. terrible man." says Don
Juan Gomez. "His name It struck terror
to the heart of everybody. He robbed, he
killed, he did mort appalling things. It
was all about one woman. She was his
sweetheart, and or.e day some one ac
cused him of stealing a horse which he
had borrowed from his brother. The
brother had to buy him from the thief.
and Eome one reecgnizid. Well, they ac
cuse Joaquin of stealing the horse and
there was rough talk. At the fame-time
some white man say some coarse thing
to the sweetheart of Joaquin. The broth
er was lynched and Joaquin was whipped
by the mob tied to a tree. It wa? the
time when the bedy of people called anti
forrigr.ers have eo much influence, and
they bother JoaQUin very much — drive
him away fmm two or three mines where
he was working. Then, when the horse
stealing trouble come up, they flog him
ar.d insult his sweetheart. He seem to be
a very mild- man before. Xobo<3j- know
anything bad about him. But it make
him very wicked. He swear a terrible
«.ath. He say he go rob and steal; he say
h. k::i every white man he meet In the
road. Every Americano, everybody with
•he V.phi hair he say he murder and rob.
"He make his word erood. Soon there
bepar the mischief all over the country.
]'• pl< was robbed; people was murdered,
* wry where. There seetn to be a big bane
of the men who do the mischief, and ev
erybody say the leader was Joaquin Mu
rieta. A man would go along the road
with his mining tools and his grub, raayke
a little money. Then he would be killed —
with his throat cut by a razor and rob
bed. One time Joaquin meet six China
men on the road. They was do no harm
to any one. Joaquin tie their queues to
gether, and then he stand them in a row
ar<: tht-jr threats with a razor. It was
terrible for the Chinamen, but he pay no
Intention to their cries and prayings. He
tut their throats and laughed much. THen
he take their meney and go down the
road. He kil! some women In a camp
ar.d po on. Thon he kill some more peo
ple all along the road ar.d rob everybody,
lie was a bad. bad man. All the Sheriffs
all over the State was hunt for him with
many men. but could not catch. The
what ycu call Legislature offer $5000 for
him if he Is dead or alive. People hunt
for him with guns, but get killed some
times and not come back. Others not
End him. Every time you s&y his name
the people shudder; little children, »-very
!¦• fly known him by name. You have
heard?"
Then Mrs. Gomez, his wif.?. the daugh
ter of the house cf Watson, interrupts
and takes up tb*>
face that distracted all the gay, young
"Oh." says she. "Jcaquin atss a bad,
bad mar.. Erefybody know and would bo
frl^httiied ;o hear his name. I am then
a yourg Eirt- He come to my father's
house. It very stmr.ge. very queer. He
Dot let any Americano alcne, not to kill,
except my father. It come this way. .You
knew he k!ll all the men jnd women he
meet with the light hair, but he not touch
my father. It was my father's hospital
ity that make it so. You see, one day
Jcarju.n Hurleta, he come to my father's
house and my father not know. E very-
think we a'.l might be dead by that time
But he go way and not harm us. It was
because he like my father, and he thlnV
my father '-was hospitable."
This Is the story of the reckless ban
dit's visit to the famous old house of
Watson. Mrs. Gomez, the vivacious old
Spanish lady of sixty-elgnt. tells it With
the grace and eloquence of her raw, tha
fire of excitement lighting up the dark
eyes and the soft lines of the cnee beau
tiful face, with, its halo of -white hair— a
THE SUNDAY CALL.
He run to his nprse ana jump on and ride
away, but they/follow; shooting. Joaquin
come to a deep ditch, and he make the
horse try to Jump. The horse fall. A
Sheriff, he come after, and his horse fall.
Joaquin Jump up and run. but they shoot;
two, thre? times. Then Joaquin Murieta
was killed. He throw up his hands and
drop down dead. They. cut off his heart
quick, and put It in alcohol to prove for
the reward. They have the head. I think.
19
WHAT I KNOW ABOUT MURIETA AND VASQUEZTHE SUNDAY CALL.
20LONDON, Oct. 13.— The Duke and
Duchess of Connaught. started unexpect :
edly for Ivronsberg, Prussia, this morn
ing. The secrecy of their movements leads
to the belief that the condition of ' the
Dowager Empress Frederick of Germany
is more serious that had been admitted.
The critical condition of the Dowager
Empress Frederick of Germany Is caus
ing grave anxiety inEngland, not only on
her own account, but tnrough fear of the
effect of her death on Queen Victoria.
The loss of. her son, the Duke of Edin
burgh, and of her cousin, the Duchess
of .Tcck. and the terrible death roll In
South' Africa, have tried the Queen: sore
ly". Another family loss, it Is feared,
might wrench to the breaking point the
wonderful constitution and fortitude of
Great Britain's ruler. -It is said-she 1?
already much upset and strongly desir
ous to go to the bedside of. her eldest
daughter, but the physicians
are endeavoring to dissuade her.
Killed by a Desperado.
GUTHR1E, O. T., Oct. 13.— Thomas Tay
lor, one of the oldest; and' best known
deputy Marshals in' Oklahoma, was shot
and killed by a desperado named. Deloss,
whom h<J had arrested in-tbeOsage na
tion, at Pawnee, at 1:30,- this, afternoon.
The murderer was captured.
LONDON/ Oct.- 13.— No words can
express too strongly the irritation
of the British Foreign Office over
. theV'latest - developments in the
Chinese negotiations, and its hope
lessness of any working arrangement be
ing arrived at in the near future exceeds.
if anything. Its Irritation, the chief cause
of which, to quote an oSlcial, Is the ex
traordinary . and . unreasonable publicity
given diplomatic communications even
before they are officially communicated to
the other powers. •" -V
America, according to the view taken
by this official, whose opinion may fairly
be presumed to echo Lord Salisbury's, Is
among the offenders in' this respect.
"How," continued the informant of tho
correspondent, "can we be expected to
arrive at conclusions when the Chinese
are given the opportunity of knowing
every step in tho negotiations, which In
themselves are as intricate as the world
has seen. The advantage which this un
precedented publicity, has given the Chi
nese cannot ¦ be ¦ overestimated. It'-ha3
constantly given them 'the opportunity of
creating differences :betweeen the powers
and interpolating "excuses ; arid 'sugges
tions which, if co'ntihued. v, bid "fair to
render Europe and America the laughing
stock of ' the Oriental" world. And this
deluge of> notes'. What do they amount
to? Who for a moment believes China
is going to calmly lay, her head * In the
headsman's basket? For the suggestion
that the court • return to. Peking means
nothing less. The answers to the notes
so far made can be fitly described as an
endless chain of reservations^ which re
quires much, if not more, discussion than
the notes themselves. • Lord - Salisbury
has endeavored to. answer them as. they
came up, but more, I believe, for the sake
of keeping In line than from any convic
tion that 4 they would accomplish any de
sired end."
"Will he step Into the breach and him
self enunciate a line of policy in the hope
of uniting the powers?"
"No, Tdo not. think so. Not at present,
at any rate. Notuntll the present curi
ous policy : of making Peking diplomatic
intercourse a matter of premature public
discussion -comes 'to an end.. If a father
or mother wishes to punish- a, child, but
differ as to the nature of the punishment,
they do not discuss the' matter before the
offender. or,*if = they do. It Is probable the
punishment will never" be' inflicted; or, if
it is inflicted, it proves futile. . China is
a child, and though we want to punish
and Improve her, .we believe we cannot do
so' effectively . so longas she is; made a
'party to the discussion."
This may be taken afe a particularly
frank expression of .the inner opinion of
the British Government. n " "While * Lord
Salisbury may see the. darker side of the
Chinese problsm and . may, be harassed
regarding the composition of the new cab
inet, he does, not allow these cares to in
terfere with his . only ' recreation—tri
cycling. . c^^V- ... ". ..-' : . '''•.7-_--.' t V;
j The advisability of : following • the ex
ample Of; the United States > Jn excluding
the Chinese is becoming a serious question
in/ England. J This-ls -partly due : to- ths
China crisis, but more directly to the in
creasing number of Chinese (n . London,
their' frequent appearance' in police courts
and the increasing' number of wretched,
half-caste* offsprings. •' "
'¦ A ; writer ; In to-day's: Daily; Chronicle
avers that a large number of Chinese are
coming to work In the new laundries, fle
clares that no law will "prevent them' from
Increasing- the/ alreudy, large number 'of,
vicious imarriages -with, white -women 'and
urges their exclusion as' the. only, remedy.
Among the- alterations soon to occur ; in
T>ondon are . the changing of London
bridge and the building of a tunnel from
Rotherhlthe to Shadwell at a cost o*
£2,000,000.
Sir Henry Irving's Galveslon relief ben
efit at Drury Lane, October 16, promises
to be the most Important social theatrical
event of the season. * The programme in
cludes the' entire company of Drury
Lane's "The Price of, Peace," Beerbohm
Tree's "Julius Caesar," Marie Tempest's
"English Xell," Wyndham's "David Gar
rick," George Alexander's "Debt of Hon
or,". Irving's .'.'Waterloo," and almost all
the best artists in London. Mme. Melba
promised to sing, but seeing this to be
impossible, she made a handsome contri
bution to the fund. Bernhardt and Co
quelin axe atoning for their absence by
giving a similar benefit in Parts. Mary
Anderson (Mrs. Navarro) regretted her
inability to appear, but engaged a box.
Every seat Is already sold.
START AGAINST PAOTING-FU.
Departure of the Allied Expedition
' • - ary Forces. "
f TIENTSIN,-, Oct. 12. v|a Taku; Oct. 12.
and Shanghai, Oct. 13.— The expedition
against .Paoting-Fu departed in the morn
ing in two columns. The German, French
and Italian 1 troops "who 'are to take part
under command of General Ballloud. head
of the*Frcnch military, forces in China,
will follow to.-day. en route to Paoting-
Fu, while 2000 British soldiers under Lord
Campbell will make a detour to the south
of the Paoting River tnrough a number
of large villages supposed to be Boxer
communities. Both columns will keep in
touch wi^Ji the boat and train ¦which ac
company them. A junk armed with a
12-pounder and' two Maxims is with the
Peking' column. • •
• The expedition will make a demonstra
tion through a wide territory not hereto
fore covered by the allies. While no op
position is - expected at Paotlng-Fu the
commanders .believe that hostilities are
possible in. the intervening country.
PEKING. Oct. 1L— The Boxers are in
great force east and west. of Paotlng-Fu.
Chinese official: reports are that the Im
perial, troops defeated the Boxers with
heavy loss, but intelligence gathered from
allies and other sources indicate that the
Chinese troops were defeated.
CONFERENCE OP DIPLOMATS.
Representatives at Peking Consider
Punishment of Boxer Leaders.
BERLIN. Oct. 13.— A dispatch received
here from Tientsin dated October 12 says:
At a conference of the diplomatists at
Peking. October 8, the German note of
October 1 was discussed. In regard to
the first point whether the list of rlng
leaJflers contained in the Chinese edict
was complete, the conference declared the
name of the chief culprits, Tung Fuh
Sian and Yu Hsin. were omitted. On point
two it/w»s decided that the punishment
waa Inadequate. On point three It was
concluded that the penalties must be car
ried into effect by delegates of the lega
tions.
GOING TO GUARD EMPRESS.
Chief of the Black Flags Leaves Can-
ton With a Big Force.
PARIS, Oct. *13.— A trustworthy cable
dispatch,. from Shanghai says that Gen
eral Liu. the chief of the Black Flags, has
left Canton at the head of a considerable
force and that he will traverse the pro
vince of Honan. cross the Yankse at
Oilan. and then, traversing the province
of -Honan, Join the Empress at Slan-
F.u, capital of the province of Shensl,
for the purpose of acting as her body
guard. ¦ The . dispatch adds that it is be
lieved-the Dowager. Empress will" arrive
at Slan-Fu about October 20.
Irritation of British Foreign
Office Over Recent Events.
Stand of UnCle Sam Generally
Approved by Germans.
BERLIN. Oct. 13.— The United
States' answer to the .French note
may be said to be generally ap
proved here, neither the press nor
the Government desiring to af
front France by openly urging objections.
A number of papers express astonishment
at the fact that the United States has so
rapidly reassumed a more energetic tone
toward China, and attribute the change
to Secretary Hay.
The Cologne Volks Zeitung points out
that the United States' "sweeping de
mands," including Prince Tuan's execu
tion, and the* United States' withdrawal
of troops are "contradictory" and explain
able only "by the intricacies of the pres
ent political campaign."
The Lokal Anzelger, discussing the
United States' Presidential campaign, edi
torially says: "Germany "cannot sympa
thize with either McKlnley. or Bryan, as
they both stand for anti-German inter-
Few papers, however, discuss the -.de
tails of the." American political -campaign.'
Private dispatches from' St.' Petersburg
say Prince Tuan has gone into the Interior
of China, where,* "•with the consent of- the
insincere " Chinese Government,"; he is
arousing the population to arms against
the foreigners.
Russia, it; is added, believes the best
way to solve the present -problems Is to
humble the Sianfu court and- bring the
Chinese' to' terms. The •Imperial* party, it
is pointed out at St. Petersburg, would
thus be-'cut off from "supplies of money
and food stuffs. * ¦
A military writer, In tho Tageblatt ad
vocates the same method, which a num
ber of papers Indorse. The Lokal An
z«-igrr 'advises the adoption of strong
measures against the Chinese* Emperor.
The Russian suggestion to submit- the
Chinese question to The Hague'arbitra
tion court is ridiculed by the press," with
the exception of the Vorwaerta. (Socialist),
which indorses the plan and'"says: "A just
court would award higher . damages to
China than the allies, who, by their sys
tem of conquest and- exploitation, pro
voked the political rising."
S A Foreign Office official Informed a rep
resentative of the Associated Press who
questioned him regarding The Hague sug
gestion that this plan is impracticable,
since the work of estimating the damages
must be done In China,
Arbitration, he added, would cause great
delay, pointing out that arbitration was
"m«TeIy suggested by Russia."
Government, circles, though the officials
are not willing to say so for publication,
continue to believe the Chinese campaign
will last long, probably for years, unless
Emperor Kv.ang Su is induced to return
to Peking, which is not deemed very
likely. ¦ -:-
Military circles point out that the se
vere North China winter Is approaching,
when the more Important military opera
tions will be impossible. . _> •
The German Foreign Office has no late
news itom Field Marshal Count von Wal
dersee or Dr. Mumm von Schwarzenstein,
the German Minister to China.
Referring to the remarks in the foreign
press that Von Waldersee will not find
eny Americans. Russians or Japanese at
Peking to command, a. Foreign Office of
ficial remarked: "This Is not true of the
Japanese, since they are still in Pechill."
. Germany's official attitude toward the
LTnited States*' answer to the French noto
is set forth to-day in the Cologne Gazette
In an article apparently inspired. / In
brief It la as follows:
•The answer, as a whole, meets with
lels with the French conditions in this re
spect.
Official statistics show a further de
crease'in the Berlin'blrth'rate, which Is
now but 20 per 1<WO, and that the number
of the \~ children? Is "450,000,. which, if there
had been a normal birth rate for. Prussia,
would' be 700,000. - The" papers draw paral-
• Professor • Renvers, ! who-, il the best
German authority on kidney complaints,
after, weeks of attendance upon the Dow
ager. Empress. Frederick, returned. to Ber
lin to-day. The. professor told a repre
sentative of Jhe Associated > Press that
there, is -no Immediate .danger of his pa
tient's life, "the acute symptoms having
disappeared."
.The' Saxon/ Government has prohibited
the naturalization of Czech .and Polish
immigrants, to prevent" the Slavizatlon of
th,e frontier ' districts toward Bohemia,
whose" mines lately' have attracted crowds
of^lavs.
Regarding the claim for damages, the
Foreign Official said: _ "Germany has
not yet been able to take a definite atti
tude on the subject. Russia's suggestion
Ir. not deHnito enough. It can hardly be
supposed that Russia intends to submit
the claims of Russia and those of the
other powers to the arbitration court.
Probably Russia means pre-eminently
those damages which China must pay to
the missions destroyed by the Boxers and
to private persons Injured In the excesses.
In ( that\caso' Ihls proposition \ would be
worth considering, although;- Its- practical
realization Is difficult. It must not be, for
gotten 'that, the international arbitration
Court at, The Hague is.".npt,yet\organized.
Therefore it would seem that a- decision
can be more, easily reached; by an arbi
tration court, meeting in China.";- '
approbation, both for Its tone and text.
The answer ts calculated to enhance har
mony among the powers In their endeavor'
to obtain sufficient redress for. the crimes
committed, and guarantees against their !
recurrence. The answer strongly dwells
upon punishing the' real ringleaders and
suggests supplementing the list of the
leaders. This entirely accords with the
wishes of the German Government."
DOWAGER EMPRESS FREDERICK. 'WHOSE FAILING HEALTH I£W
GIVING CONSIDERABLE UNEASINESS TO THE ROYAL FAMILIeIT
OF BOTH GERMANY AND GREAT BRITAIN.
HON. JOSEPH CHAMBERLAIN. SECRETARY OF STATE FOR THE COL
ONIES, WHOSE POLICY HAS BEEN UPHELD BY THE RECENT
PARLIAMENTARY ELECTIONS IN ENGLAND.
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyright. 1900, by the Herald Pub
lishing Company.
tt -w ONGKONG, Oct. 13.— The re
f™H| bellion which I predicted
¦•• I more than a month ago is
assuming serious propor
tions. Ths whole territory from the
borders of the British Kowloon con
cessions to East River is in a state
of seething disturbance. Six out of
ten of the provincial cities in Wei-
chau prefecture are in the hands of
rebels, who have sworn to overthrow
Manehu rule. Reformers are active
ly assisting with funds. Admiral
Ho, with his 2O0 braves, is helpless,
and 12,500 more have gone to his
assistance.. There is a fear that the
withdrawal of troops from Canton
will weaken the control of the au
thorities and that rioting and loot
ing will follow.
The British military police are
watching the frontier to prevent the
ingress of rebels. A flying column
is held in readiness to leave promptly.
REBELS DEFEAT HO 'S AEMY.
Forty -Imperial Troops Billed: and
"'¦' V '/"Many " CapTured. '
LONDON, Oct. . 14.— A* special dispatch
from Tientsin, under date of October 12,
announces -the arrival at Pekingtfof-Ll
Hung Chang. ; . " ; • ';
According to- a special* dispatch, from
Hongkong the rebels have again defeated
the army of Admiral Ho, who was pur
suing them in a northeasterly direction,
from Sanchung. killing forty and captur
ing many of' the imperial troops.
The dispatch adds that the condition of
Canton is. shaky, as the troops there have
been greatly depleted.
A special from Shanghai, dated October
12, says dysentery is raging among the
troops at Tientsin, and that Count von
Waldersee intends to transfer his head
quarters to Peking shortly.
MAKE LITTLE OF TJFBISING.
Chinese Officials Think Sun Can Not
Do Much Damage.
CALL BUREAU, WELLINGTON
HOTEL, WASHINGTON, Oct. 13.-^Chl
nese officials here place little confidence
in the reports of an uprising against the
Government, styled the reform move
ment, in the -southern provinces, and
speak of Sun Yat Sen, the leader' of th<»
Insurgent!?, as a man of njeager ability.
Minister Wu refuses to believe that tho
uprising Is of any Importance. He says
that If It had strength, while his Gov
ernment might have failed to notify him
of it, his friends in China undoubtedly
would. He places Sun Yat Sen in the
adventurer class and says he is not we'!
thought of by leading Chinese.
Secretary Yung Kwai of the legation t*
personally acquainted with Sun. He
said to-night that when a medical stu
dent in Hongkong. Sun became con
vinced that he was the leader to over
throw the Chinese Government and to,
create reforms. -Here -he gathered around
him a faithful band of sympathizers.
They were going to pull down the rotten
institutions of the Government, but
when they had destroyed them they did
not know what they were going to do.
Plans for a revolution were formed ani
Sun smuggled' arms and ammunition Into
the city. Everything was ready for the
breaking out of . the revolution. The
Chinese officials became aware of the
plans of the reformers and succeeded In
capturing the arms and nearly all of
Sun's principal followers. -Sun, how
ever, succeeded In getting away. , Those
arrested were severely punished.
Local Chines 5 Celebrate.
One of the officers of the local Chinese
Reform Association, In discussing the
Hongkong dispatch stating that Sun Yat
Sen. the. reformer,' had unfurled the're
form flag In the important town of Wel
chou, and was evidently planning \ to
seize the city of Canton, said that over
20,000 of the Chinese reformers are under
arms at the city of Welchou, near Can
ton,"and In such a position as to practi
cally control the situation there, for the
-Viceroy ; can 1 depend with .certainty only
on the : few ' Manehu ".' and ; Tartar guards,
which he has with him, while the bulk of
his provincial forces are Cantonese. v who
hate him as much : as the reformers, do,
and- will In all probability flock to the
standard of Sun Yat Sen. ;. •¦ In the vallqy
of the. Yangstekiang,' at .^ and' near.Ta
tungr, the reformers.' have nearly f 30,000
men -who are preparing to north
ward to"' meet with others, 1 who"* will' res
cue the Emperor,' ami "placing him. "at their
British Military Police
Watch Frontier to
Prevent Ingress
v of Rebels.
TROOPS GO
TO AID OF
ADMIRAL HO
Great Activity of Rebels, Aided by Reformers^ W
Sworn to Overthrow Manehu Rule in Celestial Empire.
REBELLION IN CHINA IS ASSUMING
SERIOUS PROPORTIONS NEAR CANTON
SCRANTOK, Pa.. Oct. 13.— The anthra
cite coal miners now on strike, after a
two days' coxiventlon, late this afternoon
decided to accept the 10 per cent net In
crease In wages offered by the mine own
ers, providing they will continue the pay
ment of the advance until next April and
will abolish the sliding scale. If the op
erators consider the proposition unac
ceptable the miners are willing to arbi
trate the questions at issue. They also
decided to continue the strike until tho
operators agree to the convention's prop
osition. The resolution is as follows:
"We, your committee, respectfully sub
mit the following preamble and resolu
tions for your consideration:
"Whereas, The anthracite coal opera
tors have posted notices offering an ad
vance cf 10 per cent over wages formerly
pattl and have signified their willingness
to adjust grievances with their employes.
"Whereas, They having failed to specify
the length of time this advance would re
main in force and having also failed to
abolish the sliding scale method of deter
mining wages, we would recommend:
"That this convention accept an ad
vance cf 19 per cent, providing 1 . the opera-,
tors will continue Its payment until April
1, 1901, and will abolish the sliding scale
In the Lehigh and Schuylklll regions; the
scale of wages in the two last named dis
tricts to remain stationary at 10 per cent
above the present basis price, and tnat
the companies will agree to adjust other
grievances complained of with commit
tees of their own employes.
"Should this proposition be unacceptable*
to the operators we recommend that the
convention propose that all questions at
Issue be submitted to a fair and impartial
board of arbitration.
"We would further recommend that tin
der no circumstances whatever should
there be a resumption of work at any of
the collieries until the operators signify
their acceptance of this proposition, and
you are notified officially that the strika
Is ended and all return to work In a body,
on the same day."
Judging by the unanimity of tho misers
In accepting the above resolutions, and by
the determined stand taken by the opera
tors, it is generally believed a. long eon
test between the strikers and mine owners
Is not unlikely. There was great enthusi
asm in the convention when the connter
propositlon to the operators was caxiiedi
and three cheers were given for President
Mitchell. The resolutions were drafted
by a committee of. thirteen appointed a;
the morning session, of which, the national
president was chairman.
Mr. MitcTiell in an Interview with a, rep
resentative of the Associated Press on tha
outcome of the convention said:
this rule.
"The action of the delegates in the con
vention to-day in accepting: an advance of
10 per cent, providing they receive assur
ances that the advance will continue in
force until April 1 next year, demon
strates that the miners are considerate off
the public Interests Involved and are dis
posed to be conciliatory, and* yet the
mine-owners refuse to Join hands with
the^mlners in bringing' the strike to a
close. The responsibility for the suffer
ing that It will entail on the poor in tho
large Eastern cities will rest entirely
with the operators. The operators have
now had an opportunity to prove that the
proposition offered by them was mado in
good faith. If they are willing to pay 1)
per cent advance they certainly ought to
continue to pay It for six months. The
mine-workers will all remain on strike
until officially notified by the officers of.
the union th.at the strike is declared at
an end. There will be no exception to
"I cannot understand any good reason,
why the operators should not accept the
conditions named In the miners' resolu
tions. I, of course, hope that there will
be a speedy termination of^this contest,
and I believe that In the future the opera
tors will be disposed to treat with moro
consideration their employes than they
have In the past.
"I am entirely satisfied with the action
taken.by" the miners. They did not de
cide the question with a view of pleasing
me, but took the step because Its satis
fied them. ' It was In their hands and they
showed an extraordinary spirit of fair
ness." , .
Both of to-day's sessions were again
held In secret. At the morning- session
the entire ware scale was discussed in all
ltA "t""'.
Whejj Mr. Mitchell was asked In -what
manner the operators would be notified.
as they do not recognize the Unite i
Mineworkers. he said the employers
would probably flnd it out through the
.newspapers.
Although the Miners Are Ready to
Make Concessions, There Is a
Promise of a Long
Struggle.
CEASE SLIDING SCALE
But Require That Payment
Be Continued Until
Next April.
ADDITIONAL
GUARANTEE
DEMANDED
Strikers Willing to
Accept Incteased
Wage Rate.
IX5TTISYTLLE, Ky.. Oct. 13.— Louisville !
.to-night guv© Governor Roosevelt an on- !
•ttcslastlc entertainment, the programme j
concluding with a crowded meeting: at the j
Auditorium. This was in marked con
tradistinction to the greeting offered at '
Ellzabethtown, the last stop before the !
special reached this city. At that place ;
the Governor suffered the first indignity >
Thrust upon him In the State, though In ¦
eevera! places the audiences were apa- !
thetic. Bowling Green had cheered the I
Governor till his ears rang with the J
i plaudits, and Mumfordville gathered at ]
the train where the speaker's stand wa.«
erected, receiving him with expressions of
g-ood will.
Eut at Eiizabethtown It was different.
though the Republicans had done all - in
their power to make the candidate's stop
There a pleasant one. Xo sooner had the i
Governor mounted the platform with Gen
eral Buckner and other members of the
party than an attempt was made to break
up the meeting. Small boys carried
Bryan banners in the outskirts of the
crowd and empty coal wagons were
driven at full Fpeed through the square.
The Ftoam whistle on a mill close by was
blown loudly and a half hundred men or
more shouted "Hurrah for Bryan" when
the Governor began speaking.
Although ho had a soreness of his
throat which had compelled him to short
en all his= earlier speeches during- the day,
the Governor proceeded to make himself
heard in spite of the noise in the crowd.
Above the shriek of the steam whistle j
rang- the wof-ds:
I call your attention to the atti
tude of Mr. Bryan's friends on the i
subject of law and order.
Then he waved his hand to the crowd !
and continued: "It is natural that the
men who have tried to deprive Kentucky )
of a. free ballot should be opposed to. free !
speech. It is not extraordinary that the j
men who have stolen the Governorship
end who seek to Fteal it again should not
dare hear the truth of history, but should,
peek to gag an American citizen even be- \
fore be'^has uttered one word of his opin- j
ions in a political controversy."
This brought cheers and more interrup
tions, and the Governor was urged not to •
further endanger his throat, but to per- I
mit a substitute to finish the programme.
He rejected the suggestion, however, and !
ppoke the full fifteen minutes allotted to
him and was escorted to the train by a
large crowd.
"Just a put-up job to break up the meet-
Ing," was Governor Roosevelt's comment
when he returned to his car, "but I guess
I cot back at them."
Chairman Barnett and Secretary Coombs I
of the State Central Committee tele- !
graphed news of the trouble to this city j
and urged local Republican organizations '
to redouble their efforts In showing Gov- ¦
crnor Roosevelt that Kentuckians are not j
lacking In courtesy and hospitality, and j
when the train reached Louisville It war ;
•stormed by an admiring, curious", surging
mob, which followed the party to the
Gait House, where the Governor dined as I
the £uest of the State executive commit- i
tee. At 8 o'clock the Governor was es- ]
corted to the Auditorium. The Governor !
tpoke in cart as follows:
"Few things have ever pleased me more
than to speak this day from the platform
on which sits General Buckner, who has
fhown the qualities of soldiership and
statesmanship and of civic manSnen
which we are glad to hoJd up as examples
to our children. He, who fought so va
liantly for what he deemed the right:
who stood up as Governor of this State to
make the State a shining example to
ethers; he, who was grfat as a yoldler,
treat as a statesman and greatest as an
American citizen. 1 have traveled to-day
v.lth General Basil Duke and General i
JJuekner. General Buckner and General j
Ilasil Duke wore the gray of the Confed
eracy". General Frank Sigel and General
]:rapg wor« the blue of the Union army.
Thfse men were Democrats until Democ
racy ceased to be anything but a name,
until the Democratic party fell under the
control erf those who Jed It to tread the
<5ark paths of mob vlole-nce and fraud at
home and national dishonor abroad.
"Mr. Bryan has shown some uncertain
ty as to what was the paramount issue
in this campaign, and It has changed a
little. He has not "stood pat" on it. I
can tell you what the paramount issue is—
it is Bryan!.«m. and Bryanisra means dif
ferent thing's In different States. (Ap
plause.) But It means something bad
everywhere In the far Islands of the sea
liryar.lym means Aguinaldoism; In Illi
nois It means Altgeldism. There are cer-
Ltcin rnen who are sufficiently unfortunate
have their names typify social phases
Before Vast Audience at Louisville the
Vice Presidential Candidate Makes
a Sensational Address.
OVATIONS ELSEWHERE
ROUGHS OF
KENTUCKY
ON RECORD
AmmtMownTry
>?iposevelt.
Horafer, Governor Persists
and Scores Enemies
ol Order.
Pages 21 to 30
Pages 21 to 30 ;
PRICE FIYE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXVIII— NO. 136.
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, OCTOBER « 14, 1906-FORTY > PAGES. '1- [
Continued r on' Second ; Pag©-
.Continued on Second Page.
CAUSES ANXIETY IN ENGLAND,
Death, of Empress Frederick "Would
Have Serious Effect on Queen
Victoria. ,
estp."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.REBELLION IN CHINA SPREADING.
Transports Leave Manila.
"WASHINGTON, Oct. IS.— General Mac
Arthur has notified the War Department
that the transport Belgian King sailed
from Manila to-day for San Francisco
and that the transport Aztec sailed. on
the 10th lust, — . — — .
Papeete the Beautiful.
Those who are fond of traveling (and who it
not) will hall with delight the news of & dlrec
steamship route to Tahiti. This charming land
has until now been accessible only . by slow
¦ailing vessels, but on November 1st the poou
lar steamship Australia .will sail direct, mak
ing th* trip ln 10H days. A reduced round
trlx> rate has been madi for tba first trip. Call
at M3 Market street tor Balling list. 1:
Belay Riders Bear a Message From
CYCLISTS CARRY GREETINGS.
Canton to Wheeling.
CANTON. Ohio. Oct. 13.— Bearing a let
ter of greeting from President McKinley
the people of West Virginia, holding a
field day at Wheeling, two relay bicyclists
left Canton at 7 o'clock this morning and
rode the first eight miles against time. At
Massllon the message was turned over to
two other riders, who carried it on to Na
varre, and there turned it over to others.
Twelve minutes later blxteen carrier
pigeons were released on a similar mis
sion.
WHEELING, W. Va., Oct. 13.— The
President's letter arrived at its destina
tion at 2:15 this afternoon. The letter wa3
as follows:
"CANTON'. Ohio, October 13, 1000.— My
Dear Sir: I have learned , with much
pleasure of the programme arranged for
to-day by the people of West Virginia in
support of the cause of honest money, a
protective tariff and national honor. The
Interest that is being manifested by the
people of your State in these matters Is
most gratifying. Please convey to all as
sembled at the exercises of the Republl-.
can Held day ray congratulations and best
wishes. Yours very truly.
"WILLIAM McKINLEY.
"R. M. Archer. Wheeling, W. Va." *,'.<;
SJiRIES OF ACCIDENTS
ON THE BIVER MERSEY
Vessels Oo Adrift and Do Damage
Aggregating 1 Thousands of
Founds.
LIVERPOOL, Oct. 13.— A singular series
of accidents occurred in the Mersey to
day. The Xorwegian steamer Veritas col
lided with the Leyland line steamer Devo
nla. from Boston October. 3. Unsuccessful
efforts were made to beach the Veritas
on the Cheshire shore, after which she
was towed over to the Liverpool Bide,
where the cable -parted and she collided
with the steamer Earl of Powys, causing
the latter to break from, her moorings.
Thereupon both steamers drifted down
the river and the Veritaa crashed into two 1
An Unmixed Blessing.
"In looking over a trunk full of old
truck the other day," said the middle
aged man, "I came across a lot of old
shirts with the buttons sewed on, and as
I looked at them I realized anew what
the collar button means to humanity.
There have been greater inventions, sure
ly, put not many that have conferred a
more unmixed blessing on mankind. The
younger person of to-day, accustomed to
the collar button always, cannot realize
what it was to be without it. He can
never know what it was to have shirts
with the buttons sewed on— or not, as the
The Cigarette in Britain.
Exact returns are unobtainable, but
rough calculations can be made and thesa
show that the colossal sum of £13.000.000
Is spent annually by the British public
on cigarettes. Thi3 total is reached in th©
following manner. The amount collected
annually by the Government for tobacco
duty Is £11.000.000. In the trade they esti
mate that quite half of the tobacco which
thus pays duty at 3s per pound is used for
cigarettes. This gives us 3">,6e5.66t> pounds.
Taking the average price of cigarettes)
h at 23s per 100O anil estimating the averasra
weight as two and a half pounds per 1000
the expenditure of £1S,000,000 Is demon
strated.—London Mai!.
Sprigg Hopes for Peace.
CAPE TOWN, Oct. 13.-Parliament was
prorogued to-day. The Premier. Sir James
Gordon Sprigg.' expressed the hope that
when Parliament assembles all bitter
ness will have passed away and that
peace will prevail in South Africa.
Royal Collectors.
Queen Victoria i3 a keen collector of
fans, of which she has many beautiful
specimens, modern as well as antique
Collecting is one of the fads of the day,
and every one, from the sovereign down
ward, seems to suffer from the craze.
The Prince of Wales has preserved the
libretto, -programme and playbill of every
opera, concert and play he has attended
since he was a boy, and these must form
a truly stupendous colfection. The Duko
of York has a fine collection of posters
including some of Cherefs Paris posters
Prince Edward of York Is true to tha
juvenile fancy of postage stamps.—Lon
don Mall.
case might be. Xot so many years ago,
when the collar button was comparative
ly new. before persons had come to keep
as everybody commonly does now, a lot
of buttons on hand, the man who had lost
his collar button thought himself entitle!
to the sympathy of his fellows, but wrun"
as he might be by that loss he could net
even guess at the anguish that In the
s«ewed-on button days tilled the heart of
the man -who. when he came to put on
his last clean shirt, found that key but
ton, the one on the collar band, most im
portant one of all, gone entirely or only
just hanging by a thread! I knew a man
once who had this happen to him and
didn't swear. That la the only grea;
thing he ever did; but I have always
thought that that alone was enough to
stamp him as a most extraordinary man •'
—New York Sun.
C/he frays JOead
Mrs. George J. Campbell.
VALLEJO, Oct. 13.— Mrs. George J.
Campbell, wife of . ex-Senator George J.
Campbell of this city, died last night.
With her husband she came to Vallejo in
1S72. She was 59 years old. Mrs. Campbell
suffered from cancer for more than a
year. She is survived by her husband,
two daughters— Mrs. Clary of Portland
and Mrs. Solon Arnold, wife of Lieuten
ant Arnold, U. S. K. — and two sons — G. J.
Campbell Jr. and Ed J. Campbell, both o£
this city.
J. G. Duffleld.
Charles Fargo.
GALVESTOX, Tex., Oct. 13.— A private
telegram reports the death of J. G. Duf
fleld of this city while on board a train
en route to San Antonio. Mr. Duffleld
was 74 years of age and was one of the
most noted sporting men In the South
west.
CHICAGO, Oct. 13.— Charles Fargo, sec
ond vice president of the American Ex
press company and an old resident of Chi
cago, died here to-day. Mr. Fargo was
born in Illinois, in 1S31. He had been ill
for the past seven months.
Jay A. Hubbsll.
_H0UGHT0N. Mich., Oct. 13.-Jay A.
Hubbell, chairman of the National Re
publican Congressional Committee in the
Garfleld campaign and for five terms
Congressman from this district, died to
day, aged 81.
thick Iron booms stretched from the pier
head at St. Georges landing stage. Every
thing about her deck -was carried away
and she is now a submerged wreck.
The Earl of Powys. while drifting,
smashed her boats, lost her propeller and
her crew leaped upon the dock wall. The
south end of the landing stage was exten
s ly ,? v L ln J ure d- The aggregate, damage
will amount to thousands of pounds.
LEOPOLD OF BELGIUM
ARRIVES AT PARIS
"Will Remain Incognito During the
Greater Portion of His Visit
to the City.
PARIS. Oct. King Leopold of Bel
gium has arrived in Paris to visit the ex
position, but, to the disappointment of
Parisians, he will remain incognito dur
ing his ten days' stay, except on one day,
when he will officially visit President
Loubet and will attend a reception to be
given at the Klysee palace in his honor
the same evening.
The King 13 living at a hotel. Instead of
taking up quarters in the sumptuous
mansion which was specially fitted out at
a great expense for the accommodation of
ro >al visitors to the exposition, and
which has been practically empty ever
since.
FEW A WAGERS AT WASHINGTON.
Plenty of Republican Money, but
Democrats Are Slow to Take It.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 13.-Electlon bet
ting in Washington up to the present time
is almost a negative quantity. A liberal
estimate of the amount of money placed
up to the present time is $7500, and in
making this aggregate it Is necessary to
count all the small bets made. The pre
vailing odds are three to one on McKin
ley.
Brokers and ethers who are generally
called on to act as stakeholders say that
there Is plenty of Republican money at
three to one, but tho Democrats have as
yet shown no inclination to back their
convictions with cash. A comparison with
four years ago at Shoomaker's, the recog
nized headquarters for bettors, shows that
it may be too early to get an Idea of what
may yet be done In betting before the
election takes place. The books of this
ilrm show that four years ago their first
bet was recorded on October 13 and the
last on October 31. The amount of money
placed was $20,000, and odds were Inva
riably three to one on McKinley. Betting
on the result ln Maryland Is generally a
feature hero. The Democrats are demand
ing ten to seven at the present time, al
thougn even money was placed a short
time ago.
The most notable bet recorded on the
result in Maryland so far Is one of $500
even that McKinley will carry the State
by 15,000 majority.
STEVENSON IN DELAWARE.
and Wilmington.
Addresses Immense Crowds at Laurel
WILMINGTON, Del.. Oct. 13.-A large
and enthusiastic crowd greeted Adlal E.
Stevenson to-night at the opera-house In
this city, where he made a speech In sup
port of the candidates of the political
party represented by him. Although ad
verse weather conditions existed there
were immense crowds and he was given,
great attention. He made a speech at
Laurel which was practically on the same
lines as that delivered to-night.
Mr. Stevenson" reached this city this
morning and was met by a number of
prominent State Democrats. The party
went to Clayton, wnere they boarded the
private car of Superintendent R. L. Hol
liday of the Delaware division of the
Philadelphia, Wilmington and Baltimore
Railroad. Both on the way to Laurel and
on the retur:i to this city Mr. Stevenson
was enthusiastically received He occa
sionally appeared on the platform and
made a few remarks.
At to-night's meeting Mr. Stevenson dis
cussed trusts and imperialisrrt. He will
remain here until Monday, when he will
go to Philadelphia and from there to
Camden. N. J., where he will speak on
Monday night.
JONES MAKES FULL DENIAL.
"With a Trust.
Says He Is in No Way Connected
CHICAGO, Oct. 13.— Chairman Jones of
the Democratic National Committee, re
ferring to Governor Roosevelt's associa
tion of his name with "private ownership
in trusts," said to-day:
"Any statement made by Mr. Roosevelt
that I am In any way interested In any
organization that is in any sense a trust
is absolutely untrue. The charge made
that the American Cotton Bale Company
was a trust was the occasion of a letter
written by me and published at the time
in which I stated the facts of my connec
tion with that company. The letter ex
plains everything and was published and
extensively circulated. If Mr. Roosevelt
had wanted to inform himself he had tho
opportunity of doing so. If he Is a sincere
man he will not, after reading that letter
make th° statement that the American
Cotton Bale Company is a trust. How
ever, there is an old adage that a He well
stuck to is cb good as the truth." •-> -
head, return him either to Peking" or
Nangking, there to found a government.
The Chinese Reform Association In San
Francisco gave a big dinner last night !n
one of the leading rescaurants in China-
There are among the reform forces
many Americans, one . of whom. Homer
Lea, left here some months ago for
the purpose of recruiting and drilling
soldiers. Lea was a student at, Stanford
University and said before he sailed for
the Orient that he would practically be
come commander-in-chlef of. the Chinese
revolutionary forces and that he hai
hundreds of Americans, many of them
soldiers, university students and profes
sors, who were willing to follow him tu
China.
nlng negotiations for peace. He expressed
a preference for the Tsung-ll Yamen as a
meeting place. It 13 stated that, owing
to foreign objections. Tuns ,Lu has with
drawn, from the post of Peace Commlit
sioner.
Li Hung Chang expressed doubt as t.}
the authenticity of the decree banishing
Prince Tuan.
TO MARCH UPON CANTON.
LONDON, Oct. 13.— It Is rumored from
Canton, says a special dispatch, from
Shanghai, that the rebels have captured
Weichcu City on East River and the Im
perial troops lost sixty killed. The rebels,
according to these advices, attacked
Tunpkoon. If successful in their attack
upon Tungkoon they will march upon
Suntorig ar.d thence upon Canton.
town to celebrate the commencement of
their struggle for Independence.
LI HUNG CHANCr AT WORK
With Prince Ching He Is Beady to
Begin Peace Negotiations.
PEKIXG. Oct. 12. via Tientsin. Oct. 13.
and Shanghai, Oct. 14.— U Hung Chang
began to make his formal calls upon the
legations to-day. This afternoon he
visited the British and American repre
sentatives.
Generals Chaffee and "Wilson assisted
United States Minister Conger in receiv
ing Earl LI, who expressed anxiety to
make peace. Li Hung Chang and Prince
Ching will shortly address a note to the
Foreign Ministers, requesting that a
meeting be held for the purpose of begin-
¦•rtiere we are not proud. Mr. AHgeld has
risen to that eminence. In IllinoU it
meant Altgeldlsm; In South Dakota it
mears Ptttlgrewlsm and in my own
State Crokerlsm. and here it means Goe
t.o::t:n. (.Ajpiause.) Now think what that
m*-;iuf ; ih:i:k of the lnrtuenees that stand
behind Mr. Bryan: think of the pardoner
of £t2:nrchi?t bomb-thtoweni in llhno.s;
think of Tammany Hall fattening on vice.
Jlourisblns in the s=pawn, corrupting tne
City, having the city and now reaching
cut to M'ize the State, hoping to do it by
the aid oJ Bryan. (Applause.) Think of
it here in your State. Here Mr. Bryan
comes to the al<1 of those who commit the
capital crime as.iinst a republic of sup
pressing or altering the votes of free men
<>£ this State. We have the right to appeal
to every man. Republican. Democrat,
whatsoever he be, provided he is
an honest man. We have a rljiht to ap
peal to him to dr..p all else until it is set
tled once for all that in every State of the
Union; mine or yours, my brother, a free
man. ha.- the ripht to cast his vote as he
pleases and to have it counted as cast.
(Aj)j !;».u.-~c.) This is not A party election.
If in this Stato the Impossible should oc
cur iind the majority of the people cast
tbrir votes for Bryan, though 1 should
leel that they Fhould have inflicted the
greatest wrong it was In the power of
manhood to inflict upon the common
v'-alih. I would strain every resource
i! tit there is in the State before I would
let a Fingle vote that was cast for Mr.
3>ryan be counted for any one el?e. (Ap
plause.) Now that should be the attitude
S every man tit to call himself an Amer
ican citizen, and when that i* not done,
•when a party grasps the power by nullify
ing the will of the people, every party
t-r-ouM cemse at once until that wrong
«¦&• remedied and until the wrongdoers
¦were pu::lshe.'.. If nnt before the law. at
least before the bar of an aroused
and Implacable popular opinion.
"Mr. Bryan is Immensely concerns for
th<-> ricM of self-frov< rnmont for a Tagal
bandit on the ether f=',<ie of the earth, and
vet Mr. ilryan comes- down into Kentucky
\o champion the party of fraud-to cham
pion those who have disfranchised the
majority of the inhabitants of thi? State,
and who have KatiJ a Governor who was
not . i.-cn-d. (Applause.) 1
"Oh m«-n of Kentucky! Oh. men of that
Ftate that sent so many ten? of thousands
of h<r sons to wc-ar the blue; S3 many
tons of thousand* tu vicar the pray in the
times that trt*4 mm'11 souls; to you, the
people of Kentucky, who have never
liinched; to you who have made the name
cf your great o.nd beautiful State a syno
nym for omjraff arid resolution— I appeal
to the roans men in ih«» name of those
•who wore the blue an<1 pray, in the name
of the great d«*rds done fay the generation
that in the tirr.f of its manhood fought to
a fmit-h the creat civil \rar. the war that
Jeft us a. rfumt'd nation, that left our
Jlsg- without a stain — I appeal to you. sons
of' Confederate soldiers, men whose
father* proved their faith, I appeal to
you to take the lead in seeing that this
State, on th«« threshold of a century, de-
Clarea once for ali in the face of the peo
ples of mar.kind the old American doc
lri:io ih:a where the American flag has
hcen ralsad tn honor it shall not be hauled
down in dishonor."
At the close of the address Colone.
Roosevelt Fpoke In front of the Audito
r;urn, a building with a seating capacity
of 10.000. to a crowd as large as that
Democratic measure, which made it only
a temporary increase. That bill of Sen
ator Cockrell's was supported by the
Democrats and the Populists and the Sll
*~Tt Republicans of the Senate, and but
for that opposition we would to-day have
an army Qf 100,000 nermanently in this
country. But cur people defeated the Re
publican bill and Senator Cockrell's bill
became a law. It was a substitute which
the Republicans had to accept in the Sen
ate. But that substitute expires next year,
and a Republican paper, the Chicago
Tribune, has announced within a week
that Secretary Root would ask the next
Congress to make the army of 100,000 a
permanent army. Now, let the Republi
cans defend their large army. They can
not do it; no Republican will dare* to do
it; and yet if you vote the Republican
ticket you will approve of the army, and
if the Republic&n party wins you will
have an army of 100,000. If a Republican
tries to defend the army, what does he
say? He says we have it because of our
foreign policy.- But there is a domestic
reason, and that domestic reason has its
Influence with the heads of the great syn
dicates of this country. They tell you. If
you will ask them in confidence, that they
want a bigger army for. domestic • pur
poses, to preserve order and to enforce
the law; but the object is to build a fort
near each large city and have an army
present to suppress by force the discon
tent that ought to b« cured by legisla
tion. That is the domestic reason for a
large army."
At Sterling, where a brief stop was
made, Mr. Bryan was introduced to a
gigantic man named Captain Bates, said
to be the largest man in America. Mr.
Bryan said:
"iou are the only man ln this country
that can afford to adopt the theory that
a big man can whip a little man and then
Mr. Bryan arrived In Akron at 8:30 and
began his speech mere than an hour
afterward. The intervening time was
spent In a parade through the streets of
Akron, which was participated in by
clubs from Akron and surrounding cities.
It was stated that 1500 persons had ap
plied for places from Canton and Mas
sillon alone. The line of march was
marked with red fire and the discharge of
other fireworks. Mr. Bryan was driven
to the place of meeting in an open car
riage, drawn by four milk-white horses.
The speaking occurred from a stand
erected on Main street, at the rear of the
Bulchet House. It was impossible to
drive the carriage nearer than 250 feet
of the stand because of the density of the
crowd and it took five minutes "of time
to get him through the throng to the
stand. "When it reached the stand he
faced a multitude of people that filled iJv>
broad thoroughfare on Main street for
two or three blocks and extended Into
the cross streets for Quite a distance.
The demonstration 'was one of the great
est ever seen during the campaign. Mr.
Bryan was in fine voice, but It Is safe to
say that not one-fourth of the people
present were able to follow the speech
because of the immensity of the crowd
and the constant noise and confusion.
When Mr. Bryan arose to speak he was
received with great cheers. He took up
the trust question at the outset ard al
most every sentence of the speech de
voted to this subject was loudly ap
plauded. He said that when suits were
brought to dissolve the trusts there were
generally threats of leaving the town.
"Suppose," he went on, "a man being
prosecuted for horpo-stealing should
threaten to leave the Plate if prosecuted.
"Would you stop the prosecution on that
account?"
He concluded by saying that the law
should be enforced, whether It. affected
large offenders or small ones.
In his discussion of the necessity for the
onforcemont of the anti-trust law, Mr.
Brynn referred to the presence on tho
stand of Mayor Joneg of Toledo and
said:
"Our Mayor here, from Toledo, says
that Is what he wants; the Republican
party Is driving Its best men out of the
party. Jones had to leave the Repub
lican party or rise leave the golden rule,
and he left the party and brought the
rulo with him. Monnett had to leave the
Republican party or else surrender his
convictions on the trust Question, so he
left the Republican party and brought his
convictions with him. And men have
had to leave the Republican party or else
surrender the Declaration of Independ
ence and they have left the party and
brought the declaration with them."*
When Mr. Bryan concluded " Mayor
Jones was introduced and spoke briefly
He was received with wild applause. Mr.
Bryan will remain here until Monday.
VTBQINIA IS DOTJBTFUX.
Democrats Are Apathetic and Many
Will Support McKinlsy.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 13.— That Virginia
is a doubtful State and may give its elec
toral vote to McKinley Is the surprising
statement made here to-day by Repre
sentRtive Jefferson M. Levy of New York,
who has been spending his • summer at
Monticello, in Virginia. Mr. L.evy, who Is
on his way to New York, stopped here
long enough to call at the White House
fend pay his respects to President McKin
ley. As he wa* leaving he said: "I am
surprised over the situation in Virginia.
The State is very doubtful, Just as doubt
ful as Maryland. To my mind the situa
tion ln Virginia is similar to that in Mary
land. The I>emocratic leaders do not
seem to realize the situation, although I
have warned them what they may expect
if they do not change matters. Democrats
throughout tho State are apathetic.
Again, there are a great many prominent
Democrats who have told me they intend
to support President McKinley."
which had nlled the structure and which
had lingered throughout the main speech.
Including the ppeech to-night Governor
Roose\olt has addressed nine audiences in
Kentucky since 9 o'clock, when he spoke
at Henderson. To-morrow he. will reat
quietly, reaching I.-cxington at 6 a. in.
Mnnrinv'
BRYAN MAKES MANY SPEECHES
In One of Them He Replies to Boose-
velt as to Increased Army.
AKRON, Ohio. Oct. 13.— A memorable
day ln the Bryan campaign in Ohio closed
hers to-night with a monster meeting, but
large as it was his meeting did not far
surpass several others of the day and it
fell considerably behind the meeting at
Manefleld, which was the last Important
stopping- place before reaching this place.
There were a dozen or more speeches dur
ing the day. the most noteworthy of
which were made at Circlevllle. Lancas
ter, Zanesville, Coshocton and Mansfield.
The crowds appeared to increase gradu
ally in size throughout the day from the
Initial meeting at Chillicothe, a little after
sunrise, until tho last day meeting at
Mansfield, just before sunset. There were
gTC-at crowds at all the places mentioned,
while Mansiield was said to have con
tained twice cs many people as had ever
before been gathered at that place to hear
a political speech. The Democratic man
agement at Mansfield had prevailed upon
neighboring towns to forego their claims
to a speech from Mr. Bryan so as to al
low their people to attend the Mansfield
meeting, and as a consequence the sur
rounding country for a radius of thirty
or forty miles was- well represented at the
Mansneld meeting.
All things considered, the Mansfield
street demonstration was the best that
has Ix-eii made. The stop there was for
an hour and a half and tne si>eaJcing took
place from an elaborately decorateu plat
lorm in front of the courthouse, more
than a mile distant from the railroad sta
tion The esctrtlnt; p*Uty included a num
ber of uniformed clubs both on lout and
en horseback and also a .number of ladles
on floats representing the various States
ol the Union There were a number of
brass bands.
Not only the sidewalks but the entire
streets were iiterally packed with people.
The Ftretts ai-d the public park which ad
joined the meeting place were all crowded,
and the mass ol humanity extended far
beyond the carrying power of Mr. Bryan's
voice.
In his Mansfield speech Mr. Bryan took
cccaFicn to make response to one of the
points in Governor Koosevelt's reply to
one of Mr. iJryan's speeches, but. t>efore
entering upon this reply he discussed the
trust question at considerable length.
After a few words applied to tna army
question in general Mr. Bryan took up
Crtjvernor Roosevelt's rejoinder and said:
"When this campaign first opened the
Republican candidate for Vice President
made a speech at Detroit, ln which he
said: 'Who is afraid of this administra
tion?" He hud four soldiers stand up be
fore the audience and he told the audi
ence that the soldiers bore the same pro
portion to that audience that the stand
ing army of luO.tKXi bore to the population
of the United States. His answer to the
charge that we had a large army was,
'Whose afraid?" but. my friends, that !;»
not what he Is saying now. Within a
week that same candidate for Vice Presi
dent, that militant member on the Re
publican ticket, has become frightened
himself, and a few days ago he stated
that W« would not have had that army
but for the war in the Philippines. Why,
they are trying now to explain It or ex
cuse it, when the fact is. and 1 called at
tention to It at once, that the President
asked for the army two months before
there was war in the Philippine Islands
The President asked for the army at the
beginning of December, and war broke
out the 4th of .February, two months af
terward.
"But now there is another defense. As
Foon as the Republican candidate for Vice
President made that defense I saw that
he was in full ro treat on this question and
that the army whs after him. But he, has
made another defence. I find It in this
mornings paper. He says that every In
telligent observer knew that there would
be trouble in the Philippines if the treaty
wa.« confirmed. Why Is that possible? If
!t is Dossible that when the President
entered upon his colonial policy he knew
there would be trouble in the Philippine
Islands, what becomes of the argument
that there would be no trouble there if
it were not for the people in this country
who make speeches against Imperialism?
There is the statement of the Republican
candidate for Vice President that two
months; before .the war broke out every
body knew that there would be trouble ln
the Philippine Inlands if the treaty was
ratified. But I want to go a step further
and 1 want to show you that In his retreat
he has become so scared that he has hid
den behind a bill introduced by a Demo
cratic Senator. Let me read you the text:
" "The bill for the temporary Increase
which Mr. Bryan apparently seeks to per
suade his hearers is a permanent increas*
¦was introduced by Senator Cockrell of
Missouri, a Democratic supporter of Mr
Bryan, and tbe bulk of the patriotic Dem
ocrats in both houses voted for it."
"My friends, that is a different bill. The
President asked for an armv of 100 000
and a Republican House of Representa
tives passed the bill making the army
100.000. as the President asked, and when
that Republican treaty had been signed
with Spain there was not an arm raised
apainst this nation anywhere. What
was that bill introduced by Senator Cock
rell? It was a substitute for the per
manent army bill. It was the Democratic
prpposltion. which was presented to offset
the proposition made by the Republican
President. I want you to know- that the
Vice Presidential candidate of the Repub
lican ticket, instead of defending the
measure making a permanent increase of
the army to 100,000, tries to hide behind a
Continued From Page Twenty-One,
ROUGHS OF KENTUCKY ON RECORD.
May Be Schooled in Modern Warfare.
Sent to Naval Academy at Annapolis in Order-That Cadets
LINCOLN, Neb., Oct. 13.— The follow
ing statement over the signature of J. A.
Edgerton, the secretary, was given out
this evening by the People's Party Na
tional Committee:
"Bryan will be elected; he has lost none
of the support he had In 1896 except a few
Silver Republicans - in the mountain
States. Of these there will not be enough
to affect a single electoral vote. He will
hold his own west of the Mississippi, and
will carry every State in that region that
he carried in 1S96, with the possible ex
ception of Wyoming, lie will gain heav
ily in the central West and Kast; he will
not only have all the Democrats and Pop
ulists who supported him in '96, but added
to these he will receive the votes of a
large number of Gold Democrats and
former Republicans who have left their
party on the issues of imperialism and
trusts.
"The following States may be classed as
certain to cast their electoral vote for
Bryan: Alabama 11, Arkansas 8, Colorado
4, Florida 4, Georgia 13, Idaho 3, Louisiana
8, Mississippi 9, .Missouri i7, Montana 3,
Nebraska s. Nevada 3, North Carolina 11.
South Carolina i>, Tennessee 12, Texas 13,
Utah 3, Virginia 12; total 153.
"Added to these are the following
States that will probably cast their votes
for Bryan: Illinois 24, Indiana 15, Kansas
lo, Kentucky 13, Maryland », South Da
kota 4, Washington ¦», West Virginia ti;
total 84.
' •These added to 153 certain, give 237.
or 13 more than a majority in tne elec
toral college. Outside or. these certain
ana probaole States are the following
doubUul:
"California 9, Connecticut 6, Delaware
3. Michigan 14, Minnesota y, New Jersey
10, New York 3t>, North Dakota 3. Ohio zs.
Wisconsin 12, Wyoming 3; total 12S.
"Of these Minnesota, New York and
Ohio can all be classed as very uncertain
for the Republican candidate; in fact,
were it not that McKinley lives in Ohio,
that State could be considered almost a
certainty for Bryan. •
"In lbuS Illinois gave the Republicans a
majority of only a little over 43,0'X', with
practically a break-even in Cook County,
it is now generally conceded that Bryan
will carry Cook County by a good ma
jority. Twenty-two thousand in Chicago
would give Bryan Illinois, provided tno
res»t of the State went as it did in lt>*9S.
But there is every indication that we are
making gains in the country districts,
and that Chicago will give more than this
majority to the Democratic candidate.
"The same conditions which prevail in
Illinois also hold In Indiana, where there
is a much smaller majority to overcome.
"Kansas will go for Bryan by about the
same majority it gave him in 1S96. The
Republicans are making a hard fight for
that State, but they will fail. This is a
Populistic year in Kansas.
"Kentucky and Maryland are practical
ly sure for Bryan.
"In South Dakota our forces are splen
didly organized and are making the best
light ever made in the State. They are
confident of the result.
"In Washington we will win with near
ly the same plurality as we did in 1S9<5.
The conditions which prevail in the west
coast States do not particularly affect
Washington. . .
"In West Virginia we are making gains
constantly. While McKinley carried that
State by over 11.000 in 1896. the Republi
can Congressional candidates only had
about 2500 In 1S98. The same conditions
which will give us Kentucky and Mary
land will also win West Virginia for the
reform candidate." . . . •
Adding Together the Sure and Prob
able States, With an Allowance
on Doubtful Ones, He Gets
a Majority.
Secretary Edgerton Has It
. All Nicely Figured
Out.
POPULIST SAYS
BRYAN WILL WIN
SUBMARINE TORPEDO-BOAT HOLLAND
PLACED IN COMMISSION BY NAVY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, -OCTOBER 14, 1900.
\ 71/ASHIXGTOX. Oct. 13. — The submarine boat Holland was placed in commission yesterday.
*^*^ Qi, e is to be sent to the naval academy at Annapolis, so that the cadets may become thor
oughly familiar with this modern weapon of warfare.
LONGITUDINAL. VIEW OF THE HOLLAND. A— MARKS PNEUMATIC DYNAMITE GUN TUBES. B— CONNING
TOWER. O--SHIELD TOR GUN TUBES. D— DEVICE FOR CHANGING FROM GAS TO ELECTRICITY. E—
PROPELLER. F-SECT1OX OF STEERING APPARATUS. G-CSUNNERB' ROOM.
Continued From Page Twenty-One.
22
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FIVE DOLLARS A BOX.
—
The Pri« Cut So Figure With Him.
T xrant to Fay for the bc-nefit of some
¦peter dyspeptic that Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets will give comfort and a cure
every iinao. Five dollars a box would not
Ftop my purchasing them should I ever
«=uiTcr a^ain as I did for a week before
¦UFtr.s them.
' The or.e M-ccr.t box I bought at my
did the work, and my diges-
tion Is ail rijrht agrain. - •
- Many of my neighbors have also tried
these tablets an 1 found them to be Just as
represented, and Mr. KHms^ilso wants me
to use'li's name in Indorsing Stuart's
JJyspopFla Tablets. Signed.
CHABLES F. BUZZELL;
jksst. Postmaster, South Sudbury. Mass.
Mrs. James Uarton of Toronto. Can.,
writes: Kor cishteeR months! suffered
from what I supposed was bladder and
kidney trouble, ar.d took medicine from
tUrr-f different doctors, without any sign
of cure. I felt so 111 at last I was hardly
»iblo to do my work.
I thoupht 1 Tvould try a box of Stuart's
J»yvjK'i.Hia Tablets and s=ee if thvy would
muk<- m<? 1c*A i^tter, never really thlnk-
3n»? I had dyFp^psia. but after only three
<>r four tablets bad been taken all the acid
trouble «llsappp3r< d and then I discovr-red
1 had ha<3 add dyspepsia, while the doc-
tors b.-d iii-i-n mating me for kidney and
liladj«r trouble, and one of them treated
in-- fur rheumatism.
My direction is line, my complexion
rltar and I ntn aMe to do my work, and
low ejiirits ere unknown to me.
. I am fo thankful for finding a cure bo
pood and po pleasant to take as Stuart's
l>yspop.«ia Tablets. I am 6urprised at the
change they have made ln me. • % -•
All dru^sts sell and recommend Stu-
art's Dytrj>epsla Tablets, because they
contain only the simple natural digestives
and taken after meals prevent acidit3 ;
niid cause prompt digestion and assimila-
tion of food. :¦¦*'•¦ -¦¦'•
Physicians everywhere Indorse them be-
rjius** they are ns cafe for the child as
tor the adult; thry are Invaluable for
eour Etornach, r.crvous dyspepsia, heart-
burn, gas on ftomach and bowels and
t • try ioTTO. ol stomach derangement.
MRS. C. D. POWELL, OF CHEHALIS, WASH.
Mrs. C. D. Powell, President Epworth League, also President Loyal Temper-
ance Legion, and wife of Dr. C. D. Powell, of Chehalis. Wash., was for several
years afflicted with that peculiar form of chronic catarrh pervading the whole,
system. Involving the stomach, liver and kidneys. It is to this form of catarrh
that Dr. Hartman has for a long time been calling the attention of the medical
profession.- It is known as systemic catarrh. Peruna seems to be the only spe-
clllc for this phase of catarrh yet devised bv the medical profession.
In a recent letter to Dr. Hartman Mrs Powell says:
"I have found Peruna to give satisfaction in cases of indiges-
tion, complication of i.ver and kidney troubles, and it is one of the
finest tonics I know of for a worn-out system. I have used several
renjedies in cases of severe colds and la grippe, but none I consider of
more value than Peruna. I am glad to recommend Peruna to my
friends as a 'reliable, safe and successful specific."
Mrs. Dr. C. D. Powell.
Mr. Samuel A. Sealea, Kimbro. Tenn.,
writes:
"It gives me great pleasure to testify
to the great good your medicine, Peruna,
has done for me ln a case of systemic
catarrh. I was confined, to my bed for
some time and could not sit up. I had
tried everything that I could find that
was recommended for catarrh without
any benefit. I tried the best physicians
SL t rt.,«i t i tle Or no bei * >fit - I found I was
S rad ually growing worse.
nnmnM e . nd of mlne pa - ve me OT1 e of your
r^S. hlet9> , a . n , d sepin » how Peruna was.
recommended for catarrh. I gent for some
Hon, egr i? takin " U according to direc-
be£T; t« fte T i akln « it for a few days I
,7^f. to R fe t better. I continued using It
fir™ Lr t aS ab l e t0 pf> t0 work on tho
health and do work on my farm.
l(,n honestly believe thut your rreat
SSerfHi? Peruna - ?avef l my-l:fe..alid 1
cheerfully recommend It to like suffer-
rrl^S Joh . n Elliot. President Royal
Templars of Temperance, writes the fol-
lowing in regard to
Peruna from nc,
Ellsworth street
Philadelphia. Pa.; ' f^^\
"I have found so ft
much help in cuses I /ftk-«ol
of catarrhal trouble. r* r^J
also ln kidney ana V /_* 0
bladder diseases, t~y* ¦
that I have freely )v / &
recommended Peruna />: 'J
to the different mem-. t^S^Aw £tioK
bers or our Order. I
Peruna has never In '
my experience failed 1 \ \ >Tj 3gs kt >
to help those who ! «S| v^\ 15R
have taken it, and I
have seen some re- ; Hon. John Elliot.
markable cures |
through Its faithful >
use. It is by all odds the most reliable
medicine I know of." •
Many people still thirk that catarrh la
a disease confined tr> the head. This is a
great mistake. Catarrh is liable to occur
wherever there is a mucous mombrane.
Not only does the mucous membrane line
the cavities of the head, nose and thrda:.
but It also lines the stomach, bowels, kid-
neys, bladder and other pelvic organs.
Every duct, every cavity, every passage
of the whole body is subject to chronic
catarrh because they are lined with mu-
cous membrane.
Santa Rosa, Cat.
The Peruna Medicine Co., Colum-
bus, 0. :
Gentlemen — "At the solicitation
of a friend I used your Peruna
and can cheerfully recommend it
as an excellent remedy for all
caiarrhal troubles. It is, indeed,
a wonderful medicine."
J. A. Barham,
Congressman from California,
When catarrh has pervade! several or-
gans of the body it Is called systetnio
catarrh. It may involve stomach, bowels
and kidneys or liver without disturbing
the cavities of the hf^ad at all. People
who have no catarrh ln the head are apt
to think they do not have catarrh at all.
A preat many people are slowly dyinjr of
catarrh to-day of some of the internal
organs without havlnsr the slightest Idea
that they are vietlms i ,of catarrh.
In order to be fully posted on this sub-
ject every person should read Dr. Hart- 1
man's latest book on chronic catarrh.
Sent free on application by The Peruna
Medicine Co.. Columbus. Ohio.
SYSTEMIC CATARRH OF AUTUMN,
I n.|»U If*...
ADVERTISEMENTS.
§- < 3^ i An absolutely waterproof leather, . I / \ W
i & - built not only into a winter shoe, i y2%» Vy
$*z^~"^l but a stylish and hygienic sho£ MJ$&
aj~*>— — I besides. Fop the r.. iny season a
3 ~*^yftt\!!S p more durable shoe could not be ~jj!^_ ~~
;i found. Made by Buckingham & i: - Kyy^r^
H /^Z^^k Hecht. for men : $5 the pair. Sold , s^^&sS
vSz\ Kasi'SJ Jiff
S2J®S^2*|j 728-740 Market St., San Francisco. ;U5£$^s»s5 j
lt^"lji^*jf ' Mail orders filled. Address Depart- r^=-
}^nab^Mutel)/^terpmof leather.CHICAGO. Oct. 13.— Oscar Gardner was
defeated on points In a six-round contest
to-night with Ole Olsen of Chicago, In the
Chicago Athletic Club. Olsen had the bet
ter 6f It all the way through, and In the
fourth round scored a clean knockdown.
Gardner Defeated.
Daly and Flncke... Quarterback e'ykea
and Van Hoevenburg.
Pawin. Keman Left halfback Bflrrien
Kendall night halfback Weekes
Ellis Fullback ...Morley or Ashley
Harvard. Position, Columbia.
Campbell Left end Slocovltch
Graydon .....Left tackle.Smyth and Coffin
Lee "". Left guard Wright
Sargent Center 'Williams
Barnard Hight guard. ..Austin, Tysons
and Smith.
Lawrence Right tackle Taylor
and McKellar.'
Farley, Rlstlne Right end.. Van Hoevenburs
HARVARD BEATS COLUMBIA.
First Game of Football in Ten Years
Between the Colleges.
CAMBRIDGE. Mass.. Oct. 13.— Harvard
beat Columbia to-day at football. 24 to 0,
the largest score Harvard has made thla
season. It was the flrsi game in ten
years between the two colleges, and a !
closer sccre was expected. The Columbia !
team came up to their expectations, but
the Harvard team showed weakness
which the coachers had not realized.
Their defense Is much weaker than at
this time last year. Twice In the game
tho Columbia, team seemed able to gain
at will through Lawrence, the veteran
tackle, while the Harvard backs gained
enly through occasional weak playing of
the Columbia linemen. In punting, too.
Kills was Inferior to Mnrley. The only
encouraging part of tho game ¦was the
way Sawin and Daly eluded the Columbia
ends In receiving kicks and " made long
dodging runs down the field. The game
was fiercely played from the very start.
The Hne-up:
Jos Eovarrio Convicted of tha»Killing
of G-. Luccatelli.
SAXTA ROSA. Oct. 13.— Joe Bovarrio.
charged with the murder of G. Luccatelll,
his partner In wood-chopping, was this
afternoon convicted of murder In the sec
ond degree. Th* crime of ¦which Bovarrio
was found guilty was committed In a
lonely canyon near Guerneville last May.
Luccatelll's mutilated body was found
under a pile of drlftwcod. Bovarrio was
missing and the fact that the two men
had had trouble fastened suspicion "upon
him. Most of the evidence was circum
stantial.
HANFORD, Oct. 13.— An electric com
pany, having Hanford as Its place of busi
ness, ¦was organized here to-da.y. The
officers were: Alex Guthrie of Balfour.
Guthrie & Co., president: J. Shaw Rob
ertson, vice president; E. Kauntze. secre
tary; yie Bank of Hanford, treasurer.
The object of the company is to erect
the greatest plant for the development or
electric power west of the Rocky Moun
tains. It will be located on the San Joa
quin River, ISO miles from San Francisco.
The capital Is $5.<X»>,000, all subscribed. J.
S. Eastwood, engineer of the San Joaquin
Electric Power Company, was elected
civil and hydraulic engineer and O. M.
Lacey of Hanford electric engineer. The
company has sold already all of the
power to be developed to San Francisco
parties. A line Is to be built to San
Francisco. Hugh McCalmont of Eng
land is one of the heavy stockholders.
iflTrRDER. TN SECONT> DEGREE.
»
New Electric Company Organized
at Hanford Will Transmit
Power to San Fran
. cisco.
10 HARNESS WATERS
OF THE SAN JOAP
PHOENIX. Ariz., Oct. 13.— At Hedges,
Tuma County, Constable Frank Norton
yesterday shot and killed Andronlco Cas
tro, who was resisting arrest. The trou
ble arose when Castro entered the
grounds of tho Free Gold Mining Com
pany and refused to leave. Norton at
tempted to ejeqt him, and waa using his
revolver as a club when it was dis
charged. Castro was known as a "bad
man. 1 '
Shot Bead by an Officer.
Two Hold-Ups at Bakersfleld.
BAKERSFIELD, Oct. 13.— Two hold-
ups took place in this city this evening.
The intended victim of the first was Syd
ney Tourpin'of Tehachapl, who saved his
valuables by running. In the second in
stance two Chinese were stopped and one
of them was beaten over the head, but
not so severely as to endanger his life.
His companion escaped and alarmed the
officers.
Eighteenth. District Fair Closes.
BISHOP, Oct. 13.— The thirteenth annual
fair of the Eighteenth Agricultural Dis
trict closed, here last night. The pavilion
display was particularly good and the
racing Interesting.
Accident on. the Southern Pacific
Near Tair Oaks.
REDWOOD CITY, Oct. 13.— The break
ing of a wheel on a box car attached to
the early morning freight train on the
Southern Pacific road caused the derail
ment of the car and the wrecking of a
Hat car immediately following 1L The
accident occurred Just north of Fair Oaks
station at 5 o'clock this morning-. The
track was torn up for a considerable dis
tance before the train was stopped and
was rendered unsafe for travel. The box
car was laden with canned fruit from the
Los Ga*^s Packing Company and was
consigntu'to Seattle. Section men at Bel
mont were at once sent to clear the track
and by 9 o'clock traffic was resumed
FREIGHT CARS DERAILED.
Spur.
TULARE, Oct. 13.— The Roth spur grain
warehouse, owned by G. W. McNear and
situated at Roth spur, twenty miles
southeast of Tulare, was destroyed by fire
at 5 o'clock this morning. No one had
been near the warehouse since yesterday
and the cause of tho lire is unexplainable.
There were 50,000 sacks In the warehouse,
owned principally by McNear. Kelley &
Wilholt of the Stockton Farmers' Union
and Milling Company and several wheat
growers of Tulare County. The building
and Its contents were fully Insured.
The Porterville flyer passed the ware
house when the fire was at its highest,
and the heat was so Intense that notwith
standing the fact that the train ran at a
high rate of speed the coaches barely es
caped burning. The railroad track was
badly damaged and trains were not able
to pass Roth ypur, which Is on the Por
terville branch, until tho track was re
paired this evening.
Fifty Thousand Sacks Consumed by
a Conflagration at Roth
GBA.EN" WAREHOUSE AND
CONTENTS DESTEOYED
sions Granted.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 13.— Postmasters
appointed: California— J. H. Crum, Dana,
Shasta County, -vice C. E. Archer, re
signed; Edward Plnkston, Madeline, Las
sen County, vice Maggie Trimble, re
signed. Oregon: II. W. Swart, Kamela
Union County, vice C. T. Taylor, removed
Pensions have been issued as follows-
California: Original— James Thompson"
Powellton, $8; Cornelius C. Allen San
Francisco, $G; Orlando P. Roberts San
Bernardino. $6; Richard King, Loa An
geles. $6. Renewal— Charles Anderson
Veterans' Home, Napa, $G. Increase-1
Thomas Carney, Sawtelle, $10. War with
Spaln-Origlnaf-WiUlam F. Riordan, Sa
linas, $6.
Oregon: Original— Benjamin P. Blood
Cartton. $6. war with Spain— Original-
Frank Taylor. Portland, $30. Kinai
Washington: Original— Andrew Craw
ford ('dead), Centralia, $12; Albert T
Havens. Seattle, $8. Original widow Cr&l
Issue)— Margaret E. McNiel, Seattle, $12.
Postofflce Changes and List of Pen-
of Police.
VAL.L.EJO, Oct. 13.— Chief of Police
Stanford and District Attorney Devlin are
determined to fight tho case of Stanford
vs. Acock to a finish. Judge O. B. Genty
dismissed tho charge of assaulting- an of
ficer against Acock, holding that Stan
ford was not a legally appointed officer
District Attorney Devlin maintains that
the code provides that the authority of an
officer or one acting as such cannot t>o
attacked in a criminal proceeding. He
has Hied before Judge Brown a new com
plaint against Acock. Sentiment here is
as a rule with the Chief of Police and
District Attorney and they will be as
sured of much moral support.
Devlin holds In tho complaint that
Genty's court, being a Justice Court
does not have jurisdiction further than to
hold preliminary examinations, and that
one magistrate may enter a complaint
even after another magistrate has dis
missed it. Acock has been rearrested and
placed under new bonds of $300.
New Complaint Filed Against the
Assailant of Vallejo's Chief
PROSECUTION' NOT YET
THHOX7GH WITH ACOCK
SANTA ROSA. Oct. 13.— Mrs. John S.
Taylor, a prominent society woman and
wife of a well-known capitalist, took It
upon herself this afternoon to admin
ister what she claims to be Justice to
Professor D. E. Martin, principal of tho
Fourth Street Grammar School of this
city. The professor was mounted on hi-s
horse in the midst of a crowd of several
thousand persons watching the stock pa
rade that was a part of the closing day
of the agricultural street fair when Mrs.
Taylor pushed through the throng toward
him and without warning lashed him with
a horse whip. She struck him once over
the shoulders and a second time on ths
head and face, breaking: the professor's,
glasses. Four lashes In all were given
before Professor Martin was able to push
through the crowd. As he spurred hia
horse Professor Martin turned and tipped
his hat to his assailant. Mrs. Taylor
walked away with the remark:
"I have been waiting for this opportun
ity for a year and a half."
Mrs. Taylor had been driving in her
carriag-e when she caught sight of tha
professor wedged in the crowd. Taking
her buggy whip she dismounted from the
carriage and stepped up to him and be
gan the chastisement. The assault was
made In the presence of her young daugh
ter and her aged father.
To-day's attack is the result of a long
standing fucd between the Taylor family
and the professor. About a year and a
half ag-o Professor Martin whipped John
Taylor Jr., a lad about 14 years old, for
Late this evening a warrant was sworn
out in Justice Brown's court charclntr
Mrs. Taylor with battery.
iilrs. Taylor is the wife of John S. Tay
lor, a director of the Santa Rosa Bank
the leading- banking- house of this city
He Is the owner of White Sulphur Springs,
a noted summer resort. He Is prominent
in social and political circles, having been
the Democratic candidate for Sheriff a
number of years ago. Mrs. Taylor Is the
daughter of Davis Clark, one of the old
est r>ioneers In the State. She has al
ways taken a leading: part in socletv
here and is well known about the bay
cities, having relatives In Oakland and
San Francisco.
ProfesHor Martin Is a very popular and
highly esteemed young man. He has held
the position of principal of the Fourth
street Grammar School for three terms
Ho is a prominent Mason and Is at pres
ent Worthy Patron of the local chapter
of the Eastern Star.
The Taylors have claimed since the
trla.1 that there was no justice shown
their boy. Mrs. Taylor has threatened a
number of times to take the law Into
her own hands and see that the professor
was duly punished. The Taylors have
brought all kinds of influence to bear upon
the School Board to have Professor Mar
tin taken from his position, but without
success.
playing- truant. The boy's family claimed
the youngster was brutally beaten and
had the professor arrested for cruelty.
At the trial which followed, Mr. Martin
was vindicated, it being: proved that tho
rod, which the Taylor family claimed to
have been a heavy ruler, was but a light
switch. The jury decided the punishment
was not Inhuman nor brutal.
SACRAMENTO. Oct. 13.— E. O. Se'.ger. who
v-as arrested in Oakland a. fevr days aso and
brought bark to Sacramento on a charge of
having passed a r^g-a-i ch»ck upon J. A. Mof
fftt, a. sjUoot! -keeper, to-<i%y plcadfd pullty in
The Superior Court and was sentenced to three
years' lmpris'-'ti^ient In the penitentiary. He
ha? a wife and three children at Kirkwood, 111.
P.EXO, O~t_ 12.— William Smltli. an hjpp<1
colotefl man. better known as "Sergeant"
Fmith, fjicidei in the Washoe County Jail
this afterr:i->i-.n while euffencg from aa attack
of delirium tremeas.
IjOS AVCELES. Oct. 12. — A vol\:ntarv jx-t!
ticn la bankruptcy was filed to-day by Wil
liam 'line, the Sprir.p-rtre*t grncer. I/nblli
tfea are placed at $16.2^7 43, with ess??i tX
I'^.K^. There are eighty-tight creditors on the
COAST NEWS IN BRIEF.
Martin on a Crowded Thoroughfare.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
EDUCATOR HORSEWHIPPED
BY A SANTA ROSA WOMAN
Mrs. John S. Taylor Attacks Professor D. E.
WADERS ALL EIGHT
IN MOUNTAIN BRUSH
Ag-ed Mrs. H&skins of Keswick Fol
lowed by a Pack of Coyote3
While- Lost on the Up
land .Trails.
KESWICK, Oct. 13.— Mrs. Mary Has
kins. the missing septuagenarian, was
found at 11 o'clock to-day. She had wan
dered all night through the brush, along
ridges and down gulches. Although In
feeble health, she did not sit down to rest
until 4 o'clock this morning. At that hour
she struck the abandoned railroad from
the Calumet mine to the mill, and reach-
Ing a high trestle she was afraid to cross
she waited patiently until daylight. When
day broke she followed th© railroad to the
mill, where she found the watchman. She
was three miles from home.
During the night Mrs. Hasklns saw the
lights of searching parties and heard
their shouts. She was too timid or too
childish to heed <hem. She carried with
her some mutton chops she had purchased
in Keswick. These attracted coyotes dur
ing the night and they snapped and
snarled at her, but made no attack. She
was completely exhausted from her wan
derings, but otherwise Is none the worse
for her experience.
CLOSING NIGHT AT
; SANTA ROSA'S FAIR
Excursion Trains Bring Crowds of
Visitors From Neighboring
Towns.
SANTA ROSA, Oct. 13.-The Fourth
District Agricultural and Street' Fair
closed to-night with a big attendance.
Early in the evening special excursion
trains were run over the California North
western Railroad from Petaluma and
Healdsburg, returning about midnight.
From the former place came Company
C's .military band, which, in connection
with the Santa Rosa Band, entertained
the large assemblage.
This morning at 11 o'clock the stock
parade occurred. The baby show was
held this afternoon In Ridgway Hall.
Vlvia Stump, the fourteen-months-old
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. John Stump,
received the girl baby honors. Frank
Dibble, eight months old, a son of Mr.
and Mrs. Roland Dibble, took the prize
for boys. Both were Santa Rosa young
sters.
The fair exhibits will remain in the'ean
vas pavilion until Monday m order to al
low those who may visit Santa Rosa to
morrow to see them.
JAMES T. HAIR A SUICIDE.
PORTLAND, Or., Oct. 13.— James T.
Hair. ex-Chief of Police of this city and
organizer of the Woodmen of tho World,
committed suicide to-day by shooting him
self at the National Hotel.
Henry at Santa Clara.
SANTA CLARA, Oct. 13.-J. H. Henry,
candidate for Congress in the Fifth dis
trict, addressed a iarge and enthusiastic
audience at Widney Hall this evening.
He held the attention of his audience for
more ihan an hour. Nicholas Br/wden
followed, summarizing the issues before
the people. The First Bryan Club of San
Jose accompanied the speakers, making
a fine appearance with its flambeau
torches. Bands and bonfires recalled the
good old days of 'S-i-'SS. Mr. Henry will
devote the ¦ remaining days of his cam
paign to canvassing that part of his dis
trict lying in San Francisco.
Bryan Club Organized.
.WOODSIDE, Oct. 13.— A large number
of Democrats met last night and organ
ized a Bryan and Stevenson Club. Sev
eral young Republicans signed the roll,
and pledged themselves to support tho
ticket. The following otllcers of the club
were elected: J. L. Byrne, president; P.
Mathisien, vice president; E. Shine, sec
retary; M. C. Byrne, corresponding secre
'tary; W. A. Johnston, treasurer; L.
O'Nlel, sergeant at arms.
LOSE THEIF, U1VES IN
QUEST OF GOLD MINES
Bodies of Two El Cajon Brothers
Found on tb-e Desert East of
Campo.
SAX DIEGO, Oct. 13.— A telephone mes-
sage to the Tribune from Descanso says
that an Indian named Onton Yorba, who
arrived there from the desert, reports the
finding on the desert east of Campo of
the bodies of two Americans. From his
description? of the bodies it is believed
that the unfortunate men were Charles
and Fred Schultz, both residents of El
Cajon.
The Schultz brothers started from their
home for the desert about seven weeks
ago on a prospecting trip. Their time for
returning was indefinite, but they had
taken enough supplies to last them a
month. They went In search of a mine
which the boys said would bring them a
fortune, but instead it is feared they have
met the late of scores of other men who
havo gone to the desert in search of
treasure.
BSIDE-TO-BE DESEKTED
ON HEB, WEDDING EVE
Sacramento Woman Swears Out a
Warrant Charging Her Absent
Lover With, Embezzlement.
SACRAMENTO. Oct. 13.— Mrs. Martha
E. Browhard, proprietress of an employ-
ment agency here, ha.s sworn out a.war
rant for the arrest of George Odell, who.
she alleges, to-day embezzled ?1300 and
two gold watches from her and left for
the East. Odell had been a clerk for Mrs.
Browhard, and. she says they were to
have gone to San Francisco to-morrow to
be married. Last winter she was involved
in a lodging-house and mining claim deal
with a%San Francisco person, which got
Into the courts, and she put all -her money
and deeds In Odell's name. Now that he
has decamped she Is left penniless.
Chief of Police Sullivan has wired along
the railroad and Odell will no doubt be
apprehended.
PRETTY GARDEN" PAETY
Social Event at the Dominican Collega
Grounds at San Rafael.
SAX RAFAEL,. Oct. 13.— Beautiful was
the scene presented this afternoon and
evening on the grounds of the Dominican
College, where a garden party was given
for the benefit of that Institution. The
grounds were lighted by dozens of Japan
ese lanterns, strung over the walks and
through the arbors. Flowers and ferns
were everywhere. Charming young
ladles, arrayed In summer finery, were
out In numbers.
The ladies In charge of the several
booths were Mrs. E. McCarthy, Mrs.
Pacheco. MIs=s Schneider. Mrs. Dr. Wick
man, Mrs. 'J. Wolfe. Miss Annie Day,
Miss Eden, Mrs. M. C. Dufflcy, Miss
Short, Miss Chisholm. Mrs. E. Conway,
Miss Kenney, Miss Flaherty, Mrs. Hohn
velsner. Miss Flora Walters, Mrs. Man
ney, Mrs. William Toner.
The St. Dominic Choral Society of San
Francisco, under the direction of Father
Jones, rendered "The Mikado" In pleas
ing style on a large and highly decorattd
stage erected on the grounds.
WOOD WILL RECOVER.
San Bafael's Blind Broker May Be
Sent to an Asylum.
SAN RAFAEL, Oct. 13.— Henry P.
Wood, the blind real estate dealer and
broker of this city, who attempted sui
cide here last night, rested easily to-day.
His wounds are not believed to be fatal.
Mr. Wood's reason has become deranged
and his friends deem it necessary that he
be removed to a sanitarium as soon as
his Injuries will permit.- For years finan
cial troubles and the loss of his eyesight
have preyed upon his mind. About a
week ago he first gave signs of mental
distress, but it was not regarded as seri
ous at that time. /
PRISON DIRECTORS TVTKET.
Plans for Folsom's New Sewerage
System Considered.
SAN RAFAEL, Oct. 13.— The State
Board of Prison Directors met at San
Quentin to-day and transacted routine
business. Tho State Board of Examiners
also was in session at the prison. It found
everything in a satisfactory condition.
The Board of Directors considered plans
for a new sewerage system at Folsom
Prison. The work of establishing It will
commence immediately.
Joseph Ellis, clerk of the Board of Pris
on Directors,, has been HI for some weeks.
He Is row recovering.
Will Advertise San Diego. Vx't
SAN DIEGO. Oct. 13.— The membership
of the San Dlepo Chamber of Commerce
to-day passed the 500 mark, making It the
largest commercial organization of the
kind in the State, with the single excep
tion of Los Angeles. The chamber 13
starting In on a plan ror extensive ad
vertising of tho city throughout the East
and the membership of 500 gives the or
ganization almost the entire support of
the business community. About 175 gen
tlemen have become members In the past
three weeks.
The Adams at San Diego.
SAN DIEGO, Oct. 14.— The United States
training ship Adams arrived In port this
morning on her winter cruise, with 126
apprentices on board. She was a stake
boat at tho trial trip of the battleship
Wisconsin on Thursday off Santa Bar
bara. Sho will . leave here on Tuesday,
after coaling, for Magdalena Bay for gun
practice and shore drill, returning here
later en route to the Hawaiian Islands.
Ends Life With Laudanum.
SANTA CRUZ % Oct. 13.— Frank Wilson
committed suicide. this evening by taking
laudanum!'- Ho' was 'a' brother of tho late
M. Key Wilson and 25 years of age.
MONEY STILL VERY
PLENTIFUL IN LONDON
Borrowers Are Able to Obtain Funds
at Practically Their Own
Terms.
LONDON, Oct. 13.— The abundance of
money has not lessened and borrowers
are able to obtain funds at practically
their own terms. Discounts are firm. The
announcement of a further shipment bt
half a million in gold to-day from India
was counteracted by American Inquiries.
Business transactions were small, opera
tors being chary of taking bills at any
price In the present uncertain condition of
the market.
The Statist says: An early advance In
the bank rat© seems unavoidable. Tho
supply of money Is still superabundant.
This abundance is . regrettable, for with
the American exchange falling to the gold
point tho Bank of England has already
been obliged to sell £300.000 In the United
States and more Is expected to go. Tho
question Is, how high must money be
raised in London to stop the threatened
outflow of gold to the United States and
Germany and maintain the Bank of Eng
land's reserve, now 121,000,000, on a safe
level?" • - ¦ • ¦ - ' ¦'.%,-
The theme, of all commentators is the
probable loss of gold New Yorkward.
Vatican Offlcial Arrested.
ROME, Oct. 13.— A minor ornciai or the
Vatican has been arrested on ths charge
of srivinir thieves access to the room from,
which the sum of about 350,000 Urea was
recntly stolen, ¦ .-^
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 13.— A note
worthy social event of the season
will be tho marriage of Dr.
George W. IXifncy and Miss Al
berta Evelyn Rackliffe, to occur
on October £4. The wedding ceremony
will take place at 9 o'clock in the evening
at the home of the bride. Dr. T. E. Bailly,
chief physician gynecologist at Su Mary's
Hospital. San Francisco, will be grooms
man ar.d Miss Alice Hassett and Miss
Flora Herzcg of Sacramento the brides
maids.
The brido is the daughter of the late
State Treasurer. Lev! Rackliffe. She is
of charminp personality and has a wide
circle of friends among: the young- people
of the capital city. The wedding, it Is
announced, will be quiet and attended by
the families and a few friends only. PJght
Rev. Blrhop Grace will officiate.
The grocm Is the son of Judge M. C.
Dufilcy of San Rafael. and a well known
and popular practicing physician of Sac
ramento. For several years he was resi
dent physician of the Mater Misericordlae
Hospital here.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DR. GEORGE "W. DUFFICY AND MISS EVELYN RACKLIFFE, WHOSE
WEDDING IS TO BE SOLEMNIZED AT THE BRIDE'S HOME IN SAC
RAMENTO ON OCTOBER 24.
The bride-to-be Is a tall, nand
somo blonde, the daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. Henry L. Smith. Mr. Smith Is sec-
MISS ALBERTINA J. WAHLE, A POPULAR YOUNG LADY OF THIS
CITY, AJvD S. HENRY CHEDA OF SAN RAFAEL, "WHOSE ENGAGE
MENT HAS JUST BEEN ANNOUNCED.
THE engagement Is announced of
Miss Albertlna J. Wahle of tKl3
city to S. Henry Cheda of Sao
Rafael.
retary of the San Francisco Board of
Trade.
* Mr. Cheda Is a prominent youn* busi
ness man of San Rafael, the s«nlor mem
ber of the firm of S. H. Cheda & Co. He
is also cashier of the Marin County Bank.
The wedding has been set for some time
next January.
SAN" DIEGO. Oct. 13.— More than a hun
flred members of San Diego Lodge No.
168. Benevolent and Protective Order of
Elks, pat h«r- red to-nipht to tender to Irv
lnfr IJ. Dudley, exalted ruler of the lodge,
and now Hinister to Peru, a banquet.
This is the rirst visit that the minister
baa roafie to bis horn* hero since his a.p
potatment to his r<)?t at Limi nearly
thrt-e years ago. Toasts followed the ban
<ju«it and it was near midnifrht vrhen ths
haU was df-serted. Mr. Dudley will leave
bera or. Wednesday for San Francisco,
but v.111 rttura about the end of the
month.
BANQUETED 3Y ELKS.
Hinister to Peru Dudley a Guest of
Ean TJiejro liodg-eraen.
AUBURN*. Oct. 11— A mass meeting of
fruit growers was at the opera-house
to-day to discuss the merits of th© new
process of concentrating fruit, as discov
ered by the Sherman Brothers of New
castle, "Oal.. and K. 11. VForrwU of Boston.
lixi^e blocks of this concentrated fruit —
prapes, apricot?, peaches, p^ars and plums
—were distributed air.or.g the audience*
The fruit is concentrated in about tha
ratio of six to cup, retaining its flavor,
.find can be kept for an indefinite px-ricwi.
Uy this method all thft ovorrljx* and un
derslzed fruit may be utilized. A factory
will fce established in this county.
Placer Ccunty Fr.ctory.
OOlTCirNTEiiTIO?: OF FRUIT.
Kew Method to Ee Utilized in a
Friends of the Unfortunate Dissatis
fied With, the Inquest Verdict
That He Met Baath by
Drowning.
«
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, Oct. 13.— A baltle took
place late this afternoon at the Chinese
shrimp camp at Point San Pedro, over
100 warlike Mongols engaging in it. Clubs,
stones and hatchets -were the weapons.
The Chinese fought until they were ex
hausted, and a number were badly
wounded. The authorities have been un
able to learn the full extent of the losses
sustained by the factions, as th© Chinese
are endeavoring to conceal the facts.
It is believed here that the cause of the
trouble was the mysterious taking off of
Ah Kim, whose body was found in the
bay several days ago. An Inquest was
held here to-day, and a number of Chi
nese testified that Ah Kim was knocked
out of his boat during a squall. The body
was so far decomposed that it was im
possible to determine how he met his
death. The jury returned a verdict of
accidental death by drowning.
A number of Ah Kim's friends were dis
satisfied with the verdict end this led to
the battle to-day. Wars In which much
blood Is spilled are of frequent occurrence
at the shrimp camps and the local of
vflcers are never called upon by the Chi
nese to interfere. Their wounded are
cared for and concealed, and the "no
sabe" sign is hung out when Inquiries
are made.
Chinese Shrimp Fishers in
Battle at Point San
Pedro.
'•¦¦ ' ¦¦¦"¦- ? ¦ ' -
SEQUEL TO AH KIM'S DEMISE
HATCHETS AND
CLUBS WIELDED
BY MONGOLIANS
REDDING, Oct. 13.— There was a dis
turbance In the nature of a strike to-day
at Bella Vista, the bis plant of the Terry
Lumber Company, and as a result sixteen
men are out of a job. The trouble was
over the cooking of the lumber employes'
food. One man drew up a petition and
«nother circulated it, respectfully asking
that the man behind the kitchen ran^e
be replaced. Thirty-two signatures were
obtained.
The two prime movers •were discharged
when the petition was presented. Four-
Teen men walked out with them. Others
from the box factory portion of the plant
may fellow. The mar.afreroent says the
cooking- has been unsatisfactory' but ow
ing to The scarcity of culinary artists In
that region it has" been impossible to re
place the present chef. The management
claims the men knew this, but tiled an
insolent demand for the immediate dis
charge of the cw 1:.
Two Laborers Discharged for Pre
sentinj a -Protest and Four
teen Othzrs Throw Down
Tneir Tools.
Walk-Out of Lumbermen at
a Camp in Shasta
County.
— — « —
CHE? FAILS TO PLEASE THEM
FOOR COOKING
RESPONSIBLE
FOR A STRIKE
THE SAN FRAXCISCO, CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1900.
Engagement Announced of Miss Albert! na J. Watale
and 5. Henry Cheda — Will' Wed in January.
SOCIETY BELLE TO MARRY
A SAN RAFAEL BANKER
c «
Dr. George W. Duff icy Will Wed the Daughter of
the Late State Treasurer.
MISS EVELYN RACKLIFFE
SOON TO BECOME A BRIDE
list-
IlfTEBESTS THE COAST.
23
ADVEHTISEIiIZNTS.
No More Bread of the Dental Chair
TKKTH EXTRACTED AND FILLED AB-
SOLUTELY WITHOUT PAIN, by our late sci-
entific method applied to the gums. No sleep-
produclnE acent or cocaine.
These are the only dental parlors In San
Francisco having PATENTED APPLIANCES
and Ingredients to extract, fill and apply gold
crowns and porcelain crowns undetectable from
natural teeth, and warranted for ten years.
WITHOUT THE LEAST PAIN. Full set of
teeth, J5: a perfect fit »ruaranteed or no pay.
Gold crowns. S5. Gold nlilnscs, $1. Sliver flil-
lnF3. 50c. All work done by GRADUATE DEN-
TISTS of from 12 to 20 years' experience, ana
each department in charge of a specialist. Givs
us a call, and you will find us to do eiactiy as
wo advertise. We will tell you In advance nh
1 actlr what your work will cost by a FREE EX-
1 AMINATIOX.
New York Denial Parlors,
723 Market Strest,
SAN FRANCISCO.
MAIN OFFICE PORTLAND. Or-.
BRANCH SEATTLE, WASH
t /\ \ /X \ / /Vh-
N. 1 /'> > >^%' *!// VL V '.
This is the Belt "*jf rf" m T" : that currn
without ' drugs:
Powerful elec- ' / 7l^^ trie current!
All modern Im- / I provements!
Weakness and Nervous Diseases cf both
sexes speedily cured when other remedies
fail to do t**.e work. Lame back "knock— 1
out" in 3 days. Prices reasonable. IH'Y
I NO BELT TILL YOU SEE -DR.
( PIERCE'S." Call, or send a 2-cent «amp
) for "BOOKLET NO. 2." Addr«>s PIE11CK
( ELECTRIC COMPANY. Eleven forty-flv»
) BROADWAY (near Kth st.).XEW YORK.
\ Pacific Coast headquarters. Six twenty
/ Market St.. SAN FRANCISCO.
\ N. B.— Our "Booklet Xa. 1" tells all
f about Dr. Pierce's Electrlo TRUSS. It
\ CURES Rupture!
flJ? -iSSaO LOST VIGOR
t|&& RESTORED I
m0?^k OR. COOPER & 03,, ;
im^&.^/MW 318 Siirsy StTMt,
1 im *gS r Ban Francisco. Cat. j
tTONG F»O GUY.
Successor to Dr. LAI PO TAI.
graduate of Canton Medical
College, after a very success-
ful practice of many years in
€h!r.a. has located in .-'.'.1
Francisco. The surprising ami
marvelous cures effected bv
his herbs demonstrata '.heir
pcter.ee and his skill. These
r r < t ftfe ; i* > _K'ii*a herbs cure over -SCO different
T*£s&Pft5§T diseases, including Bright' s
liASi^jj.** Disease, Diabetes, Consump-
\ tien. Asthma. Paraiysta.
Brain. Nerve Cancers. Tumors. Blood. Mal-»
and Female Maladies. All persons affllctetf
with any kind of malady whatsoever are In-
vited to call. Cfffc«\ 727 Washington st Offic*
hours — 9 a. rn. to 12 m.. 1 to 9 p. m. : Sundays.
10 a. m. to 12 m- Accept srateful thanks for
effecting a cure of asthma of several years'
standing. A. DAP.LEY. San Rafael.
ffc CNICHECTER'S ENGLISH
'EOTHGY8L PILLS
_/f_.-v Ortslnal and Only Genuine.
*7««L«N SAFE. *!»•?« r-itmhi». I..4K-*. uk DnnM
£wj£^££C\la KEI> »n.l 6«ld metaate 6o»». », »t
T-\ — ~-\b?i w *"> tioaribhoa. Take no otker. Itefana
"W *** 'h'i 1'o'Cwro"* f»ah«tlmtloii» mnd Iralta-
I / ~ tfi Uoofc nny i>f yoor DraztUc. or »ro<t 4e. ta
I W Jf .t»»p. ft.r l>«rttru!t.n. Tr«Mrion!»l»
V'C* fp "<t "RelleT for I^.lle».»»/«rier. by ?».
_A if tarn Hail. 1 <•••>««» Tnumoolala. Muld »r
-T an Drocsix*. *l»Iche.trr <>-ml-ml VnL
UeaUoo Uua p*;sr. «»di*»n *q u *re. I'ii lL.V^ Pi,
Weekly Call, SI per Year
US. HALL'S REIN' VIGOR ATORESSS35!
Five hundred reward for any 'i^Sj'C^t
case we cannot cure. This secret *Sa fc-*ifl
remedy Etops all Jocses in 24 hours, V t r >
cures Emissions, Impoteacjr, V«rl- vS| R»9
<-ocele. Gonorrhoea. Gleet, Fits, tSt* *?til
Strictures, Lost ilanhood and all llLi tUtli
Traetlng effects of self-abuse or tJS
exwssts. Sent sealed. J2 bottle; 3 ,, ; >*Vc/-^V
bottles, 55; guaranteed to cure any case. Ad-
dress HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. 8M
l'.roadway. Oakland. Cal. Also ror sale at 1073^4
Market *u, a. F. All private Clseaaes quickly
cured. Send for £rc« bock.
Jvisr- OR JORDAN'S great
dgSS£(i» C? ANATOMY
a Q) lSnK&ZZtTS7-feet.6±»?J:,S.?.Cd.
T H" The L»rf«t Anatomical Museum in tbe
O _^ji?Vj V/ortd. We&Jcaeuo* cc any contracted
~ 5?-!5W <i:vea»ep€r>sit«W€-lye 1 ir<siSr>7tbeol<lcst
£-.• b'"}\%% SpcaJifctr^tin. Coat;. Ji»t. 36 ysJ.rf.
L lM&& 0B.«3gB£H~F2iYATE DISEASES
• » {•^J-jT^ tJ Ceamltation free and strictly private.
tj !> Xx'Sgf ft Tr» iraiem personally »«¦ by letter. A .
\ pi fill) i-ot.tn» Cure m every cctc undertaken.
£i\£'\ il& Wr«e lor Book. i?n<i-oaoi*EV»r,
J jY 53*»BrACK. MAILED PZ3&. (A*
A (1 u- ' va '- lUc boc - l0f ara >
7 DJ&. JUBBAK it to.. I05T JUar!rfetet.,S. F. '
Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Medical
Adviser, in paper covers, is sent free on
receipt of 21 one -cent stamps to pay
expense of mailing only. Address Dr.
IL V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
"I have taken vrwir nedicine with the Ricjttgst
satisfaction." writes Mrs. George Hiehl, of J^ock-
port Station. V.'cslitjoreland Co., Penna. "Your
' Favorite Prescription ' has cured me of uterine
trouble that I suffe red froia for fifteen years, and
paiaful iconthly troubles. Z can honestly say I
can work a whole dajr and not tired, and
t>efore taking Dr. Pierce'a medicine* I always
felt tired. My paia is all gone and I feel like' a
new person. " I suffered •with headache all the
time, hut have no headache now since taking-
ycrar medicine. I have been cured of troubles
that I suffered from for fifteen years, and the
best doctor ia the state could not cure me,"
P£JN ALL GONE,
All day long and racking with pain from
her head to her heels. That is what
many a self-s^ppcrting girl must experi-
ence. On those
days each month, +Tf>
¦when in other cir- &^&t$
curnstanccs she gjs
%rould !^o to bed, t«i a^^
at the desk or
counter and strag- Xf/M^' >:^L
pie through the <£9 s/ fe'*^y^
«ic;.- as best she t^-^vr^^^^^f
Backache, head- f\<Z$$fi%£ll
pains caused by
tre p rfectly cured g,
by Dr. Pierce's Fa- t^SS^T??.5y
vbrite Prescript £$&££&?$&
ti o n. It cures f^f^"$3£l
the causs of these
pains. It c-stab- i£^ >^^^^S
l:^::es recrularitT, »^-*'3*'ti^^^3S
ulceration and t^^^^^^v*^'^^
cures female weak-
ness. // makes -\ IB^ r^^r^ \
strong and sick /'/>
n-omen well.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
£$ E2&tp S&SpJ £> £
The use of •'Seventy-seven"
renders the system impervious
to the chnngcab'c weather.
There are more Colds contracted before
the flres are lighted than at any other
time. Sitting: for hours In 'a cold room—
riding In an open car— exposure without
proper clothing, all tend to bring: on a
chill, or chilly feeling:, the first sign of
taking: Cold.
The prompt use of "77" restores the
checked circulation,, starts the blood
coursing through the veins and "break3
up" the Cold or attack of Grip.
"77" consists of a small vial of pleas-
ant pellets and fits the vest pocket.
Doctor book mailed free.
At druggist's, or sent for 35o.
Humphreys' Homeopathlo Medicine Ox, Cor.
William and John Sts., Xew York.
ADVEBTIRTnVTENTa.
HLPP SEAL
M t Una £ t» SI a ii Wiiaafilta
WATER PROOF, Wetted, sewed, double
soles, latest etyle tee. and our
price ia enly
— &3.5Q —
BOXCALForVIClKID
LACE SHOES.
Welted, tewed, double soles, latest style
toe«. like above picture, for
S3.00, $3,50, 34,00 and S5.00
' 22 LIFE-SAVING SHOES*
FOR T.ATVreg.
Keep tho Feet Warm and Dry. Save
Doctor Bills,
LOOK MEAT AND DRKSST AND
OXLY COST
THEY HAVE NO EOTTAL,
+ 1 +
"WE HAVE A CO5IPLETE LIXT? OF
HIGH SHOES FOR THT: NEW
SHORT WALKING SKIRT.
• SEND FOR CATALOGUE.
WE HAVE NO BRANCH STORES.
(PHELAN BUILDING)
812 814 Market St.
f+Tf?To-morrow the sale of shoes of the
Rochester Shoe Company will commence.
You will be able to buy for yourself or
wife either men's or ladles' shoes that are
sold everywhere for $3. 50 to $4, made of
French kid for women, vesting top coin
toe, and vici kid or velour calf for men
Just think, for only Jl 85 a pair. There is
a Btock of $50,000 worth of shoes of the
Rochester Shoe (Company, all to be sold
at the Bee Hive Shoo Company, 717 Mar
ket street, near Third. «
Bead and Be Present.
MERCED. Oct. 13.— Hon. Jud R. Rush
of Los Angeles opened the campaign here
for the Democrats to-night, delivering an
address at the Pavilion. He touched upon
the general Issues of the campaign and
was frequently applauded. Hon. C H
Castle, ex-Congressman from this district'
was chairman and delivered a short ad
dress.
Talks to Merced Democrats.
Jackson Welcomes Sproul.
JACKSON, Oct. 13.— Jo D. Sproul. Dem
ocratic candidate for Congress, spoke
here to-night to a large audience. The
town was illuminated with red. white and
blue electric lights, and Mr. Sproul's re
ception was enthusiastic. The meeting
was presided over by Judge Rust, and a
glee club, composed of members of both
parties, supplied music. Sproul was fol
lowed by Dr. Adams, candidate for As
cemblyman, an<i Hon. A. Caminettl.
I have had no rows with any of the officers
of the institution. Watchman Devereaux Is
the enly exception. As to taklnar in boys over
li years of age, I have nothing: to do wlttt the
sending of boys here; they are committed by
order of court.
As to the case of Jerry Green, he wu called
up for punishment, but refused to receive It
he roupht and struggled and I had to take him
in hand. In the strueele I hit Mm in the face
my hand striking one ot several large blotches
on his face, and It bled. «»°icnes
The stories of demoralization and Immorality
are. to all intents and purposes, false That
is. there Is always immorality among the bova
committed to these Institutions, and it is our
duty to check It: we do bo a* much as possible
and I claim that my discipline has been flmi
and revere, while kind.
Hlrschberg now comes forward with a
lengthy reply to the accusations, testlfv-
Ing his willingness to be investigated at
any time. Said he to-day:
OAKLAND. Oct. 13.— Superintendent
Hlrschberg of the Preston School of In
dustry at lone denies the charges made
against him by the Sacramento Bee and
has discharged an employe named John
Devereaux. who Is said to have Instigated
them. In his reply to his accusers he de
clares the school to be as well conducted
as is possible with the class of inmates
he Is compelled to handle.
Hlrschberg is, as told in The Call, the
subject of various accusations of malad
ministration in reform school affairs bru
tallty and a general laxity of disclnllne
Rev. C. B. Rlddick of Oakland will in all
probability be appointed his successor bv
Governor Gage. y
Special Dispatch to The Call.
lone" Superintendent Says
He Will Pace Investiga
tion at Any Time,
CHARGES ARE
RECURED FALSE
RI HIRSCHRERG
From the testimony of Ehlers it appears
that he went to Mr. Witt's place at 4:30
o'clock on July 4. In fifteen minutes he
started for l!r. Thlele's. As he was to
build a barn for that gentleman, his visit
was somewhat lengthy. After his arrival
he drew a plan of the barn and figured
out the amount of lumber required. For
two hours ho remained in the house with
Mr. and Mrs Thlele and Mr. Snyder. A
little before 7 o'clock he and Mr. Thiele
went .to look at the site of the barn. They
were in the yard ahout twenty minutes
and he then left for home, arriving at
<:20. From there he went to Mr. Bruns'
place and spent the evening, going back
to his own house at about 8:45.
With this witness the defense closed its
case. The prosecution called Claude Fox
for the purpose of rebutting tho testimeny
given by the Coroner's Jurors that Mitch
ell had said to Fox in their presence that
n « < M Hchell) did not know who shot his
wife. Fox would not swear'that Mitchell
da not make such a statement.
The District Attorney then moved that
the cases of Lemascher and Gayer, who
were charged jointly with Ehlers. be dis
missed, and the two men were released
from custody.
After the testimony had all been put In
District Attorney Bullock submitted the
case without argument, and at 11 o'clock
Jud.?e Buck charged tho Jury. Beforo 12
o'clock Ehlers was discharged.
Ehlers was called to the stand when
court opened this morning and told a
straightforward story of his •whereabouts
en July 4. He said he was not at the Im-
Faiid place on that day; that he did not
shoot at Elizabeth Mitchell, and was not
implicated in her murder. The jury be
lieved him and was ready to decide the
action without leaving Its scat.
REDWOOD CITY. Oct. 13.— Caesar
Ehlers was to-day found not guilty of the
murder of Elizabeth Mitchell. There was
no argument over the question and but
one ballot was taken, the jury returning
into court within ten minutes after It had
retired.
Epeclal Dispatch to The CalL
Jury Acquits Him After
Less Than Ten Minutes 5
Deliberation.
EHLEBS FODID
NOT GUILTY OF
COLMA MURDER
Light Rain at Los Angeles.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 13.— A gentle rain
began falling this afternoon, and by 5
o'clock the precipitation registered .10 of
an inch.
MANILA. Oct. 13.— Advices re- -
ceived here from Iloi'.o, Inland of -
Panay, under date of Friday, Octo- -
ber 12, say that Company D of the ¦
Twenty-sixth Volunteer infantry -
was attacked on the previous day -
by a force nf Tagalogs In Northern -
Panay. The enemy, it Is added. •
• lopt twenty men killed and forty •
¦ wounded, while the Americans had •
¦ two men wounded. Twenty-two •
• prisoners and twelve rifles and a
• quantity of ammunition were cap
¦ tured. The Tagalogs were from •
• the. island of Luzon.
TAGALOGS ACTIVE ON
ISLAND OF PAHAY
Good Government Forces Hold a
Meeting at San Jose.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 13.— Tho Republican Good
Government League held its first rally of
the campaign this afternoon. There was
a fair attendance. President E. A.
Hayes presided. He made a short ad
dress, urging voters to support the na
tional . ticket, the Republican Congres
sional nominee In this district (E. F.
Loud) and the league's legislative ticket.
He said Congressman Loud was Instru
mental in securing the Improvement of
'Alviso harbor, notwithstanding a denial
of this by the Democrats.
The principal speaker was Judge J. R.
Lewis. He delivered an extended address
on national politics. - He said the league
was tho only true Republican party in
the county and denounced the regular
Republican county legislative ticket as
the work of bosses.
w. p. Lyon, the league's candidate for
Coombs, Belshaw and Atherton Ad
dress Republicans.
SAN RAFAEL, Oct. 13.— A large Repub
lican rally was held here to-night In Gor
don's Opera-house. S. P. Morehead pre
sided, and the principal speakers were
J W. Atherton, candidate for the Assem
bly; C. M. Belshaw, candidate for Joint
Senator of Contra Costa and Marin coun
ties, and F. L. Coombs, Republican nomi
nee for Congress in this district.
Mr. Belshaw delivered a lengthy and
able address upon tho issues of the cam
paign and was frequently interrupted by
generous applause from tho audience. Mr.
Coombs followed with an able and elo
quent address. He devoted his time to
presenting the national issues of the cam
paign. The meeting adjourned with three
rousing cheers for the local Republican
candidates and for McKinley and Roose
velL t
REPUBLICAN LEAGUE RALLY.
Street Procession Precedes theWoods-
Shortridge Meeting.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 13.-Sam D.
Woods. Republican candidato for Con
gress in this district, to-night addressed
one of the largest political gatherings
ever held in this city. As a prelude to the
meeting there was a street procession
participated in by the Alliance Club of
Oakland. 100 strong: the Rough Riders*
Club, the Army and Navy League, the
Union League, ward clubs and clubs from
Oak Park. Florin and other parts of the
county. There was a great burning of
red lire and roman candles and the air
was rent with the music of brass bands.
The meeting at the Clunle Opera-house
.was presided over by Robert T. Devlin.
Mr. Woods talked on the Issues of the
campaign, showing that "Imperialism
was an attempt at vote catching by the
Bryanites and declaring that If any at
tempt were to be made by any man or
party to turn this republic Into an empire
the Republicans would be found battling
in the front rank to prevent it.
Samuel Shortridge followed with an.elo
quent address, covering the questions
now before the American people and ap
pealing to those in his audience to stand
firm for four years more of McKinley and
prosperity.
SAN RAFAEL MASS MEETING.
PARADE AT THE CAPITAL.
Stirring Speech Delivered by the Elo
quent Santa Rosan.
VACAVILLE, Oct. 13.— The. Republicans
of Vaca Valley opened their campaign
this evening with a rousing reception to
Hon. D. E. McKinlay, the distinguished
orator from Santa Rosa. The arrange
ments were made and carried ouX by the
local McKinley and Roosevelt Club, which
numbers over 150 members. The meeting
was held in the opera-house, the largest
building in town, and the stage was ar
tistically decorated with national colors
and the pictures of McKinley and Roose
velt When H. D: Chandler, the chair
man Of the meeting, called for order the
house was crowded to the doors and
many were unable to gain admission.
Before the introduction of Mr. McKinlay
Hon J. J. Luchlngcr, candidate for the
Senate, and Hon. Alden Anderson, candi
date for tho Assembly, mado brief ad-
Mr McKinlay spoke on the Issues of the
campaign with much force and eloquence,
and the audience interrupted him time
and again with ringing applause. He drew
a striking contrast between the Demo
cratic and Republican administrations
during the terms of Presidents Cleveland
and McKinley. He gave it as his opinion
that the American people would not vote
this year against prosperity and in favor
of the hard times of four years ago.
McKINLAY AT VACAVTLLE.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 13.— Both factions
which have been contesting for suprem
acy in the Republican Municipal Conven
tion during 1 the past two days may claim
victory, each having- captured an equal
number of prizes, with honors about as
evenly divided as they ever were before
in a similar gathering In this city or
county.
First came the struggle for the chair
manship, wherein the faction headed by
Judge J. W. McKinley defeated that led
by Thomas Hughes, Will A. Harris and
John D. Works. Chairman Lawler made
an Impartial presiding officer.
The McKinley wing added another vic
tory to its credit by forcibly retiring from
the convention the delegation from the
Third Waxd, which had at the precincts
two days ago been voted for early and
often. After these two contests the so*
called "purists" permitted their strength
to go to plecos at a critical period, and
the opposition did most of the scoring
from that time on.
NOMINEES OF
LOS ANGELES
REPUBLICANS
Mayor— Herman Silver.
Tax Collector — W. A.
"White.
Assessor— Ben E. Ward.
City Attorney— W. B. Mat
thews.
Auditor — E. Unger.
Street Superintendent —
Frank D. Hudson.
Engineer — Harry Stafford.
Clerk— E. P. Ford.
Treasurer — W. A. Hartwell.
Councilmen— First Ward,
W. H. Pierce; Second Ward,
George P. McClain; Third
"Ward, Frank S. Munsdfn;
Fourth. "Ward, P. W. Powers;
Fifth Ward, W. D. Brown;
Sixth Ward, A. A. Allen;
Seventh "Ward, Ben S. Lander;
Eighth Ward, C. F. Johnson;
Ninth Waxd, E. L. Blanchard.
FRESXO, Oct. 13.— Ex-Senator Stephen
M, White was the guest of honor of
Fresno Democrats to-day. He arrived
from Los Angeles on the noon train and
was met at the depot by a committee
composed of prominent members of hid
party. In the evening a band escorted
the ex-Senator to Armory Hall, where h<?
delivered an address to an audience or
1000 persons. Mr. White's "listeners were
very enthusiastic and frequently inter
rupted him with applause. Ths speech
was unexpectedly short, lasting only an
M. K. Harris called the meeting to order
and introduced Sheriff Collins as chair
man. The latter presented ex-Senator
White.
The speaker began by outlining the
early government of the United States
and thp obstacles that had to be over
come by those who conducted it. Since
the Civil War. he said, the growth of the
monetary conspiracy had brought matters
to a state where a contest between the
people and the capitalists was the most
distinguishing feature of American pol
itics.
Mr. White then took up the tariff ques
tion, and, speaking of the tariff on r"resno
raisins, said:
Our Republican friends tell you that if you
vote the Republican ticket you will have all
your local Interests protected. Even your rai
sins will be raised. All you have to do i* to
vote to bring In a Filipino and the price of
iKislns will go up. Xow, whether it be to my
credit or discredit. I have done more toward
Kivlng Fresno what It wanted than the entire
He publican party of the United States. I hap
rened to be a member of the Finance Commit
tee of the Senate, and when I saw that the
manufacturers of knives In Massachusetts an.l
of soap eJsewhere and other Influences were en
gaged In the business of securing protection I
said: "Gentlemen, while we are considered' a
mfre minority In this thing I believe that I
will entertain a ¦ motion to assist myself. I
propose to take Fresno. California, in"; and.
if I do say it myself. I procured the tariff
that is now upon raisins.
The speaker declared that he had se
cured the tariff against the protest of
every Republican on the committee and
he continued:
Fellow citizens, the fact Is this— and I refer
to this more particularly because ft shows you
what results from contests of this character:
It results In a jreneral trade In which one part
of the country pits Itself sjralnst another part
cf the country and nobody In the country gets
exactly what be wants.
Referring to the Philippines Sir. White
asked:
What does the Republican party propose to
A'.l Is not beer that i3 bitter.
Senator in the Thirty-first District, spoke,
as did the rest of the nominees.
Oratory at Bed-wood City.
REDWOOD CITY, Oct. 13.— The Repub
licans opened tho campaign here to-night
with a large and enthusiastic meeting in
the Alhambra Theater. The committee
in charge provided a grand display of
fireworks and a number of bonfires. The
speakers were met at the train and es
corted to the hall by a bras3 band. . Ira
G. Holtt acted as president and Intro
duced as the first speaker II. W. Brown,
candidate for the Assembly. E. Myron
Wolfe addressed the citizens upon the is
sues of the campaign. A number of other
short addresses were made by prominent
Republicans. The speakers were frequent
ly applauded.
Loud and Ford at Gilroy.
GILROY, Oct. 13.— Congressman E. F.
Loud and Attorney General Tirey L. Ford
addressed the citizens of Gilroy Valley
this evening at Music Hall. They were
greeted by a large and enthusiastic audl
vnce. George E. Skillicorn, president of
the Gilroy Republican Club, called the
meeting to order and Introduced the
speakers, who entertained the audience
for two hours with brilliant oratory and
convincing arguments on the Issues of the
campaign. The Gilroy Band supplied
lively music. The meeting was the
most enthusiastic of xhe campaign.
Metcalf and Davis Speak.
WOODLAND. Oct. 13.— The Republicans
held their first meeting of the campaign
in this city to-night. Congressman Met
calf and Presidential Elector "William R.
Davis discussed the political Issues of the
day and the opera-house was well filled
by an enthusiastic audience. George W.
Pierce acted as chairman.
Full Dinner Fails in Parade.
STOCKTON, Oct. 13.— Clark E. Carr of
Illinois addressed an immense Republican
gathering at Masonic Temple this even-
Ing. Tho occasion marked the first ap
pearance of the Rough Riders, who es
corted the speaker to and from the hotel,
carrying full dinner pail transparencies.
Demonstration at Oakdale.
OAKDALE, Oct. 13.— P. S. Benton pre
sided to-night at a rousing meeting of
Republicans, which attracted voters from
all points within a radius of fifteen miles.
The principal speaker was C. H. Jackson
of San Francisco. Selections were ren
dered by the Modesto Glee Club.
Governor Gage at Santa Ana,
SANTA ANA, Oct. 13.— Governor Gage
addressed a large audience here to-night
on the political issues of tho day from a
Republican standpoint. All of the avail
able standing room In the opera-house
was taken.
Punished for Hazing.
ANNAPOLIS. Md., Oct. 13.— By the pro
visions of an order Issued by Superintend
ent Walnwrlght of tho Naval Academy,
third-class Cadet George S. Radford re
ceives fifty demerits anu is to be detained
on the Santee for thirty days as the re
sult of the findings of the court-martial
which on Thursday concluded his trial on
the charge of hazing Cadet Isaac D.
Dortsch. It is thought the remaining
cadets on trial will get off. with equally
light punishment. The case of Cadet
John S. Abbott, of the first class. wa3 be
gun to-day on a similar charge of having
participated In the hazing of Cadet
Dortsch.
Alford Discusses the Issues.
PORTERVILLE. Oct. 13.— The Demo
cratic meeting held In Ackerman Hall
this evening was fairly well attended. R.
F. Roth, an attorney of Visalla, and
Harry Levlson. candidate for the Assem
bly, save short addresses, followed by W.
H. Alford, who spoke upon the Issues of
the day from a Democratic standpoint.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Republican Factions Divide Honors in the Los Angeles Conven
tion — Ex- Senator White Addresses Fresno Democrats.
DAY'S POLITICAL HAPPENINGS
IN THE INTERIOR DISTRICTS
do for you to-day? It proposes to brla? within
the confines of this country — and. therefore, to
exclude millions of our wn peopla— millions of
men uneducated in the walks of civilization.
unaccustomed to republican methods, unlearned
lr. our policies and principles and destructive
ot cur republic.
The speaker concluded by declartns
that the United States . would have to
cease contracting entangling- alliance.*
with the monarchies of the world or ceasa
to exist as a republic He declared that
if it survived th<» experience It would be
the first free government In tho history
of the world to do so.
LONDON IS STIRRED TO ITS DEPTHS BY A TJNIQUE PAINTING. THE WORK OF AN ANONYMOUS WOMAN
OF TITLE. IT IS EXHIBITED IN THE SHOWROOM OF A DEALER. SOME SAY IT IS TOO DARING;
OTHERS THAT IT IS EMINENTLY DISCREET.
"THE MERMAID" AGITATES ENGLAND.
THE "SAIN" FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1900.
24
Made Rev.
Beautiful
Every Lady in the Land Can
Now Have a Beauti-
ful Skin.
A TRIAL BOX FREE.
Every lady who sen-Is her name anrt adiress
will receive by m.ill free a tr!al treatment Ol a
celebrated beauty's remedies for beautifying
the comj'lexi.-n. It Is not a face powder,
cream, ooenirtte or blench, contains no oi..
grease, paste or chemicals and Is absolutely tne
only successful beauty maker known.
Fannie B, Balaton. KS Lexington ave.. New-
port. Ky.. sister of the famous Kentucky
Beauty Helen Kal^ton. who also use<l thr:*J
beaut lilers. ?ays: "When i beeran using Mme.
Ilibault's comjilexlcn beautlHer* 1 did not thin!;
FANNIK H. RALSTON*.
fShowinjj her wonderful Improvement.)
It possible to clear my skin, my face was In
a horrible condition, literally covered with re.l
ypots. pimples, blackheads, moth patches arvt
freckles. Ami whenever the weather changed
ecz»ma, chap anil salt rheum added to my
mlserT- I suffered n thousand 'leaths, an<t
when I sent tor a T-ir»l of Mme. Rlbault'a b»au-
tlflers. just as I had done b-'Tore time and asain
with other advertised remedies. I did not ex-
pect any results. Imagine my surprise when tha
next day all r-dnesH and soreness wero pone.
At the »nd of ¦ week my *tcin becan to clear.
the freckels and rr.oth patches disappeared ami
the eczema and salt rheum were completely
cured. I Improved so wonderfully that my
friends did not recognlz* m» bo quickly had tli>»
change taken place. My skin ia now perfectly
lovely, and there Is not a blemish or wrlnnl,«
••I hop^'all ladle* will at least try these mar-
velous beautifiers."
I)o net delay, but write Immediately. Ths
treatment Is harmless, a natural beauty maker
and will permanently remove all tan. freckel*.
moth patches. pimples. blackheads. flesh
worms, sunburn, chaps, roughness and any ana
all skin Imperfections no matter what they
iray be.
Write to-day without fall and th« free treat-
ment will be mailed prepaid with Jull directions
and all particulars absolutely free. Address.
MME. M. R1BAULT. 773 Elsa bldg.. Cincinnati.
Ohlo^ '-*-
TO THE fUBLIC!
PINOLE, June 23.1SOT.
AS^^MJti —I take th!s means ° ;
ffrf-i_k3uTji} expressinc mv thanlo t">
%M-' TQ Dr. Wont Him. 113-11?
1C55&C; I Mason street. San .r'rnn-
11. 3 ™ a Cisco, for having curerl
v^;. gj^ I me of kidney, womb
ALigSm I trouble and cancer of tho
jfr»— A^ itnmach. I was a sreat
V**^.'^ 1 ?*^^^5^V. BufTerer for 13 years, and
V T— *- JS ~- ' .-_<^-y*'- ¦». found no pernsanenx re-
y * \^'i^Si*\\^%S lief until I tried Dr.
*^-c;^v2C..*»» l Worij: Him. and In six
months' time h« has
cured me. Any person wishln* me to certify
this can find me. MRS. GEOn'JE BETZ.
I»lnole, Contra Costa County. Cal.
SAN* FKANCISm. Oct. «. 13C0.
To whom It may concern: This Is to certify
that DR. WOSO HIM of 113-117 Mason street.
San Francisco, haw cured me of kidney trouble
and rheumatism and I am happy to make this
statement, as I find the Doctor strictly honest
In every sense of the word and an hnnorabla
man In all hi* dealings. DR. C. A. GAT. Dent-
Ist, 5C: Second ave.. Seattle. Wash.
S F.. December 4. 1S39— Dr. "VTons Him. 113-
117 .Mason st.. S. F.. Cal.— Dear Sir: For tha
benefit of others I wish to maRe a statement of,
my caw. which wan heart trouble. After treat-
ing with kIx eminent phvstctans my case wa«i
pronounced Incurable. HearinK of Dr. Wons
Him and his 'wonderful cures, I decided to try
his herb treatment. He did all he claimed, and
after treating six months I am now well an<X
strong. Tours respectfully.
MRS. BARLOW. 1KT7 Mission st^, S. F.
ADVEKTISEDIENTS. ' ' ._...'"
= MOST EXTRAORDINARY 3
H SI.25 VALUE AT |^C^^ YARD 85cVALlE AT YARD |f
j£i You are used to important Dress Goods offerings from this store. Agfa n to-morrow 3
«p" we present one of the bsst opportunities or the year. At a great sacrifice to a l-a.ling whole-,
S= sale house we became the purchasers of their entire surplus stock of Fali Drass Goods, =^
aggregating over 6000 yards of fabrics of unquestioned excellence that were manufactured tor H5
fc this fall. We propose to give you the benefit of this tremendous purchase and offer these
j^: goods, commencing to-morrow, at one-half their regular selling price. ,
5^: <C-i=ch VT1UP CORD?, warranted all wool. ' <6-ineh CHEVIOTS and SERIES, an rxtra heavy '
•»"" In fafhlrnafclp color? of IJrown. Tun, Castor, /f^k IVai riuality, warranted all woul, iabrits v/e reomrwnd fl f\ _ -^
*^- Navy. Green. Gray. Cai^t ar.d Purjil*-: form, r J{ 3 W >3O «. 'or ge.od wear, already sponced and F'irunk. in colors /s » Si -^ •
pr!« IL2S vard. &• ,«--~y fPfk nt Urown. Castor. U?ds. Navy. Cadet. Purfle. OJreen. U\ T i K . ~~*?
60-!noh FINETTEK. rxerUent quality, pure *«£> »M H ™ New Blue and Ura >'; every yard worth SOc. On sale. Yd. B *«5 V -^
f£~ xrool. in shades of Cardinal. Tan. Navy, »w Bjm R ™ -*g
r Blur Qreen. Cadet and Sapphire Blue, former B m m n E B ~**Z
y— jrrtc* 51.26 yard. H_H HB BJ3 MATELASSE SUITINOS. 45 Inches wide, the _
«&-!nch FKJl'REn ARMl'RKS. a maRnlflcfnt \5? SSCF V3&7 most popular and one of th* best wearing- fabrics (fjl I ft f" "^
y; quality. 5^ solid colors nf Crajr. Xnvy. Tan. for this fall. In rieh colorings of Brown. Navy I * r\ ZZ£t
Brown and Purple, former price $1.25 yard. VARn New Blue, Cadet. Tan. Mode*. Gray nnd Purple: • Tfi | _ f . I — ¦«•
St: On £jJe • «.r»LJ Imported to sell at J2.C0 a yard. Sale price.... Yard VyiJtoW -j»
Sfc Fftra RlarVnrPnniK Snrl Mafp'/KCP^IlfHnO'C On sale to-morrow, the noet desirable ana effective styles offered this -^
Jt= UUdOpSUil -.l-bMiltpUlllJ CilJ Kiaiti CbSC OUmilg,5>. IPU on. A new shipment Just received; over IS choice and very handsome
*¦"- •<) Cf) ValliB" fnr Ql 10 Yard deslens to choose from. You will pronounce them very excep- C1-"i> _—•
$Zi3U YalUSd tUI $liCU iCIUi tional for Yard «J>! — -*•
•-- crepe de chines RECORD-BREAKING SALES GF choic* Douwe-faced
I iSSSi GUARANTEED^LACK SILKS. ?WC I
•^ • most beautiful silk -— «•
g= *<*• *= r. e . nln f 0 iSrt^i I 1 A fine Catherine of =3
£ &S& EK W REFUNDE0 IF THEy PB0VE SrX2$& 3
- Gray. Pearl. Violet, I colors of Brown. Gray. "~~£
'VThlte. Cream *n.l Xavy and Black For — *»
«^_ Black. Our epecial There 1» some cause for our enormous Black Silk business. Selling Monday only ~~m
*— jrlee, enly dependable qualities that trill plve pood wear !s the reason for our pop- * '¦;.¦--¦'.' — «
Itll ft ftft V»vil ular and erowing- Pllk Department. Our last week's salfs of Black Silks ni in y«»J """
II. HU IfllUi »fr» unprecedented. AGAIN KOK THIS WEEK we announce THESE II. lo Volui 1^2
~~ VERY EXCEPTIONAL VALUES. — «*
% GUARANTEED BLACK TAFFETA. GUARANTEED PEAU DE SOIE. 27-INCH BLACK TAFFETA 75c YARD. 3
1500 yards 20-inch ... 85c yard 1200 yards 20-inch 98s I **£ ta *
g 1200 yards 23-inch ... 95c yard 800 yards 21-inch $1.25 ?? 1 .y«S 75c
I WOMEN'S FINELY TAILORED SUITS. SALE OF SILK PETTICOATS. 1
| ' $10.95 Each. TEST VALVE S5.95 Each. ;i7o\™ E |
"Without exception the grandest *uit offer In this cltv. because We have prepared for a preat day In our Silk Petticoat De Z^S
21 these are «ur.nlr^:y stylish P »rfe<-t-flttln*. cleverly tailored, and partmenU Our Eastern buyer shipped to us 120 Silk Petticoats* =5!
S^ the jackets I'.r.ed with pood Taffeta Silk. Made cf Imported made of lhe flne«t TufTon. cm- JhZy, JL \. * ' -*•
H-rn»«r.un lr. Oxfort Gray. Blue and Rrown, the «klrt made In ? . -£ L 77 re purchased from the
fc: the 'latest flaring shape and lined with the bo?t r^rcaline. A r™Krr at m O n the dollar. Tho colorings most In demand are I-S
••— very larpe purchase rrom a leading New Tork manufacturer at represented In this lot and If you want a penulne bargain come ""•
*f— a very low price la the reason for our very social CJ | (\ .95 early, for we know they will go like a flash. On Bale c> «i US
mr- price of Each «J>lVf at Each §>^^I
1 A SPECIAL SALE OF SHEET- 50c BLACK CASHMERE HOSE A SPZCIAL RIBB3N OFFERING
£ INGS AND TABLECLOTHS 331c Pair, 12c Yard for 25c Ribbon \ 3
£= 18c for 81-Inch Sheeting. SMp?&!aaiS^r«a??a: rsrsa suk u t£ £S fe£?
ZZ. A rare ?heet!s K and Table Cloth jmr- wj ar rr^e Thoy are made of a fine all Bilk, & Inches wide; makes an^£t =^
~Z rha?e faring these rerr^rkab'.e values. The ?"* Vii^?t? Vn ' warranted Etaln " "«* r bbon = «" a «"« assortment of ShadS
Sheetir.^ on tale Is one of the bert-known lMS - * !zes s t0 I"- Including Cream, White, Pink 1 C%\
Z^Z makes fully fl Inches wide, bleached. On tpecial sale. EOc Hose, for O 0 1 <-. an(1 Blue. On. sale at Yard YzZ,-Q, —^
;T~ The mlir« price at present is more Pair OO3V* "^
« S° "^.":.r k ..r..".#S 18c LAD | ES , S| nn-QNEITA UNION . ~ 3
| DAMASK TABLECLOTHS "" SUITS "ihEMH. $IJ5 BLA e C , K ,F FFS ™» I
ZZ. W QR Fanh Wfirth $2. 50 A eh* 1110 * Pick-up by our Hosiery buyer $li25i =3
PliOJ LQUlli IIUUH QtiOU of :o dozen Ladles' Onelta Combination For Monday-A sreclal i nMrt «
ZZ Every cne of them Is fully Jx2H size, a Bulls In Natural and Gray, made of fine. Black Liberty Silk Ruff, n^^ rta V 0I l of =5!
S= Fpler.did quality linen, in the choicest pat- selected Ftock. high neck and long sleeves. quality Liberty Silk lariri. TSS «s ?t f" 1 -^
JUl-Wool Eiderdown Flannel — For Monday 27c Yard. 45Z££&2?Z2 »ei h , un<3re<1 v f — 3
S= wool, the be5t rr*ae. 27 Inches wide. In colors of U K ht Blue. Pink. Cardinal. G ray. Lavender. Tm Xav^t, m ffi r a11 —
j^- Black. For to-morrow only _ ; .'...... ?..f.Tard 2TC
LADIES' AND COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. flf:yy yyggi 3
CHILDREN'S '• WAISTS
--— J^L-^ $M\ L VvV\/' 1 t / //'-tW^
Weak, Nervous Men
Here is the source of health. If you feel nervous, despondent, weak in
stomach, sleepless, easily depressed, with pains In back and shouldprs weak
kidneys and generally wasting In energy, a steady, glowing current of elec-
tricity pouring into your system for six or eight hours every night will pro-
duce results that will astound you. s *>-«•" v*u-
DR. MCLAUGHLIN'S ELECTRIC BELT.
There are ten thousand people praising Dr. McLauchllr.'s Elertnc Belt
now. It cured them of Nervous Debility. Physical Decline, Rheumatic Fains
weak Kidneys, Lame Back, Neuralgic Pains. Indigestion, Torpid Liver and
other ailments which go to make life miserable. It cured them and restored
the joyous spirit of health and strength. That Is why they praise it so It
has made them feel that all the world Is their friend.
SEE THIS CURE.
WHITE ROCK, Nev.
I>r. M. A. McXauglin,
Dear Sir: — Your Belt ha3 done wonders for me, every sign of
my trouble has gone. It has saved me from a great deal of suffer-
ing, and believe it is better than all the medicine in the world.
Ydu can refer any one you wish. to me, and will bs more than
pleased to speak a good word for the Belt
GZO. O. BALDWIN".
Are You Weak ? Act To-Day, Gall or Send for My Book-Free.
Do you suffer from Varlcocle or any wasting disease, from Kidney or or
ganlc troubles. Rheumatism. Lame Back. Lumbago. Sciatica' Do you t»»i
tired and lazy when you ought to be bright and full of life? All these thlnw
can be cured by my famous ELECTRIC BELT. I know what it will do arfn
can guarantee it. My belt cannot fail. . o> ana
Cpme and se me. or if you can't call, writo for my book and symntom
blanks, which are sent, sealed, free. symptom
Office hours— 9 a. m. to 8:3-) p. m. Sunday, 10 to 1.
DR. ffl. A. McLaughlin, S-S^Sift SsiBggs
O y office. 123 West Second St.
I WHY m^ §
PAY I
MORE • • I
fihefneld* DcnUfriee 15^ B
Arnica Tooth Soap Jf»e II
(Kirk's Juv»n!'.« Soas ; j.% o W
Ctitlcura Soap !l5c M
V<-s>r't Poaj> "!ir»e ?
4711 Glycerine Soap l^e B
Orfin* de Lls r ».'ltSc H
\ Cam«-llln« *.I$5e n
I'lnaud's Eau de Quinine. .35c and U."io B
Plnaud's Brllliantlne ViXic Q
Carter's Sw«»dlsh Hair H«'n*wer....GOe B
Koger & Gallctfs Peau d'Espa«ne If
P.oRer & Gallett's Extract V"ioiette"75c fcj
Quinine <P. & W.), ounce .%<><• H
Quinine Pills (2 gr.) 100 for »<>« M
Quinine Pills (J cr.) 100 for -»Oo §5
1 14<l;adonna Plaster* lOc, s for U5c H
I Manhattan Porous Plasters ht
lOc. 3 for 25c H
Allcock'B Porous Plasters »j
•••••-¦--" --¦ 15c. 2 for is.1c B
Allcock « Corn Plasters Jfic §1
Pinkham'a Compound !75c £3
I'alnr'a Celery Compound *75c M
Ho'vj's Sarsaparllla !.75c ¦
Avers" Sarsaparllla 7Hc H
l'ir-rce'm Favorite Prescription Ir.ic U
Fi-ott's Emulsion 750 H
Fynip of Figs 3S ' a
Caftoria 2r.f tS
Carter's Pills .tse fig
fa thFowl j
|Jfl DRUG CO., 1
JS§'28 Market St., B
C \<%*?^#f EAN FRANCISCO. R
r^gf Tenth and Broadway, |
iiffi^J OAKLAND. SAt the Bankrupt .Shoe Sale.
Men's shoes that are worth $3 50 to 15,
made of vicl klO, velour or box calf, shoes
up to date, for Jl 65 a pair, to-morrow at
the bankrupt sale of shoes, 1506 Market
street, above City Hall avenue. , • . • •
DISAPPEARANCE OF A
YOTTNG MILLIONAIRE
Moses Fowler Chase Escapes or Is
Spirited Away From a Private
Asylum in France .
i NEW YORK, Oct. 13.— A dispatch to the
Journal and Advertiser from Paris says:
Moses Fowler Chase, the young.million
aire of Lafayette, Ind., has disappeared
from the private Insane asylum near
Paris, where he had been placed recent
ly by his aunt, Mrs. Duhme, of Clncla-
natl. The family dispute over the young
man's sanity has rearisen and will prob
ably go to the courts.
Detective Southerland of Chicago has
arrived in Paris. He was sent by the
Chase family In Lafayette. The detec
tive found the boy In a private asylum.
While taking proper steps to remove tho
boy. the latter suddenly disappeared. The
keepers of the asylum said Chase had
gone, but they did not know where. No
trace has been found and there are di
verse theories as to his disappearance
Whether he has wandered off himself or
been spirited away can only be conjec
tured. The Duhmea are now In America.
Their side of the case Is In charge of Ed
mund Kelly, the American lawyer.
Bishop Hartzell Recovering.
MON'MOUTH. 111., Oct. 13.— The condi
tion of Bishop Hartzell, Methodist Epis
copal Bishop of South Africa, who ha3
been seriously ill here for. several days, t3
reported to be improving.
General Merntt in New York.
NEW YORK, Oct. 13.— Major General
"Wesley M^rritt, U. S. A., and Mrs. Mer
rltt arrived here to-day from a protracted
tour of. Europe. (
prospects in South Africa, said:
"Orders from that country are coming In
again and the Indications are that the
Transvaal will soon- enter upon an era of
prosperity such as it has never known be
fore. We -are already crowded with or
ders and the plant is running to Its full
capacity."
Chicago Firm Unable to Fill Orders
SHIPPING MACHINERY
TO SOUTH ATEICA
With Plant Running to Its
Full Capacity.
CHICAGO, Oct. 13.— Shipments of min
ing 1 machinery to South Africa has been
resumed from this city. Thousands of
dollars' worth of machinery which could
not be delivered during the Boer war Is
now going forward.' One of the members
of an iron firm, in speaking' of the present
YERKES ARRIVES ON
THE DEUTSCHI*AND
Says the Charing Cross Underground
Rail-way Deal Was His Mas
terpiece.
NEW YORK, Oct. 12.-Charles T. Yerkes.
financier and former owner of Chicago
Ftreet railway systems, returned to Amer
ica to-day on the steamship Deutschland.
Mr. Yerkes was asked for some details* of
the SSjOOOjOOO Charing 1 Cross underground
railroad franchise which he secured while
in London.
"All 1 care to say has already been
printed," answered Mr. Yerkes. "Of
course, in a way the London deal was
what I might term my masterpiece. I
really can't say when the road will be
comfileKd. Some cf the contracts have
been let, and the work of construction
will l>t promptly begun."
Paid Bespects to President.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 13.-The member*
of the United States Supreme Court
called as a body on the President to-day,
as is usual on the annual reassembling of
the court, to pay their respects. They
•were accompanied by tbe officers of the
court. They were received in the blue
room.
Refused to Go to Work.
The members of the Carlisle Indian
School football team were also received
•sxd shook hands -with the President.
NEW LONDON, Conn., Oct. IT.— One
hundred section hands were brought here
by the Central Vermont Railroad to-day.
Upon learning they were expected to take
the places of strikers the men refused to
•stork. Meanwhile the police, anticipating
trouble, have concentrated a large force
near an Italian saloon, where the Italians
brought from New York are drinking
heavily.
SUPPOSED TO BE DEAD, BUT
WAS IN SOLDIERS' HOME
William H. Tuthill, Who Has Been
Missing- for Many Years, Found
. i in California.
WATERLOO, Iov.-a, Oct. 13.— William
H. Tuthill, mourned as dead since Octo
ber 2?, 1S83, is said to have been located at
the Soldiers' Home in California, Tuthill
formerly lived at New Albhi, Iowa, where
he became a member of the A. O. U. \V.
of Iowa. He disappeared ut Ottawa,
Kans., and several years later his wife,
Harriet A. Tuthill of Dubuque, brought
suit to recover on a $2000 policy held in the
order. The case was tried twice in the
Uistrict Court and is now pending in the
Supreme Court. Tuthjll was located, it is
alleged, by an application his wife made
for a pension.-
A search of the records, it is eaid, re
vealed that a party 'of the Fame name,
company and regiment is being paid a
pension in the Soldiers" Home of Califor
nia. . •
"WTXIi RECOMMEND THE
PAYMENT OF INDEMNITY
President Thinks a Settlement Should
Be Made With the Families of
Four Italians.
¦\VASIIINGTOX, Oct. 13.— The President
will recommend to Congress the payment
of an indemnity to the families of the
four Italians who were the victims of a
mob at Tallaluh. La., about two years
ago. A report from a special agent of
the Department of Justice clearly estab
lished the fact that the men were killed
by the mob and that none of the perpe
trators of the crime were ever punished
by the State authorities, notwithstanding
the representations of the National Gov
ernment.
The Governor of Louisiana caused an
Investigation to be made and there were
some proceedings before a Grand Jury,
but the result was that the National Gov
ernment found itself bound to make some
reparation in answer to the Italian Gov
ernment's representations and this will
take the form of an indemnity for each
of the persons killed who were Italian
citizens at the time of their death.
Result of Their Kefusal to Pay the
Indian Tribal Tax, Which They
Consider Unjust.
LEADING MERCHANTS
OF ARDMORE ARRESTED
ARDMORE. I. T.. Oct. 13.— A dozen lead
ing merchants of Ardrri6re were arrested
to-day and their places of business closed
by Captain Ellis and a squad of Indian
police for refusal to pay the Indian tribal
tax. They submitted peacably, but United
States Judge Town.send was immediately
applied to and issued injunctions against
the Indian police, with the result that the
stores were reopened promptly.
The case will be taken to the United
States courts. The merchants consider
this tax unjust, inasmuch as they are now
paying revenue to the city, and they pro
fess to believe that it is a dead letter.
This was the last day given by the Terri
tory officers to comply with the law.
VICTORY WON BY
MINERS IN KANSAS
Men Accept the Decision of O. B. Tay
lor, Who Had Seen Chosen as
Arbitrator by Both Sides.
LEAVEN WORTH. Kans., Oct. 13.— The
difficulty between the miners and opera
tors which has existed for the last six
weeks was settled late to-night by the
men accepting the decision of O. B. Tay
lor, who had been chosen as arbitrator
by both sides. The terms upon which the
men will go to work are 84 cents per ton,
ei?ht hours to constitute a day's work.
This is a victory for the miners. Only
one mine will start up Monday morning,
th«» other two not being ready. One hun
dred and fifty miners have gone to other
tields. but they will return as soon as
work starts up.
FOUR YEARS EN" PRISON
FOR REV. ROWLAND HELLS
English Clerg^yman Who "Was Con
victed of Bigamy Is Sentenced
at Oxnana.
OMAHA. Oct. 13.— Rev. Rowland Hills,
the English clergyman, convicted of
bigamy in marrying an American woman,
was this morning sentenced at Blair to
four years' imprisonment.
His Enplish wife, who crossed the sea
to prosecute interceded with the court,
asking that he be given a light sentence.
TAMPICO NOW FKEhi
FROM YELLOW FEVEB
AUSTIN, Tex., Oct. 13.— Official advices
were received by the State Health Depart
ment to-day that Tamplco, Mexico, Is now
clear of yellow fever and that there were
but two cases there this season. The dis
ease is epidemic at Vera Cruz and at other
points on the lower gulf coast of Mexico.
The report that yellow fever had made
its appearance at Monterey Is officially de
nied.
Failure of Bond Brokers.
NEW YORK, Oct. 13.-Gk;orge M. Old
stead and Charles H. Taylor, composing
the firm of Oldetead & Taylor, dealers In
Investment securities, stocks and bonds,
made an assignment to-day without pref
erertce. J. H. Caldwell, attorney for the
firm, said the members of the firm had
not been in business long and neither was
a member of an exchange. They had not
done a large amount of business and the
total of their obligations would not ex
ceed $40,000 or $50,000, due, to customers for
whom they dealt. The assets, Mr. Caldwell
said, might realize about $20,000.
GEORGETOWN. Ky.. Oct. 13.— When
court convened this morning the case of
the commonwealth against Henry Yout
sey was called. Colontl Crawford said he
would like to tile the affidavit of two
physicians or else have them examined in
open court as to Youtsey's condition. He
stated that Youtsey was still unable to
confer or talk with his attorneys about
the case, and he wanted the trial post
poned until Monday. He asked and was
granted until lir.CO to have the physicians
suninoned, and the commonwealth asked
that George Robinson, Wallace Harper
and' Burt Urannock. who have acted v as
guards. for Youtsey. be also summoned to
testify as to Y'outsey's condition.
At the afternoon session Dr. Carrick
testified under oath that Youtsey's brain
is partially paralyzed; that he could not
talk or entertain ideas; that it was a case
of mental breakdown or nervous prostra
tion. The commonwealth cross-ques
tioned him on the idea that Youtsey .was
shamming, and Dr. Carrick said that if
Youts<_-y was, he <Carrick> as a physician
could not detect it.
Dr. J. A. Lewis, who has seen Youtsey
several times since his collapse, said
Youtsey was in a semi-conscious state
whenever he- saw him. and he could get no
response to his questions. He said it
might be several days before Y'outsey
would regain consciousness, and if he did
regain it and then be subjected to the ex
citement of the trial it might bring on an
other attack. He said his physical con
dition seemed normal, except that his
pulse was HO and his eyes crossed, with
the pupils contracted slightly.
Dr. D. B. Knox. who had examined
Toutsey oftenor than Dr. Lewis, corrobo
rated Drs. Lewis and Carrick.
Judge Canirill. deciding to continue the
case until Monday, said Youtsey had not
had a fair chance to recover, as there
had been too much noise and confusion
in his room, and directed the doctors to
keep everybody out of the room except
the nurses and guards.
Physicians Say That While His Body
Is in Good Condition His
Brain Is Partially
Paralyzed.
Accused Man Is Still Too
• 111 to Appear in
Court.
YOUTSEY'S TRIAL
IS POSTPONED
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU. WELLINGTON HO
TEL, WASHINGTON, Oct. 13.-The ac
tivity of American manufacturers is illus
trated by the statistics of the imports of
Manufacturers' materials and exports of
Manufactured goods which have just been
cade public by the Treasury Bureau of
Statistics. In the eight months ending
Ritn .August, lsva. imports of raw mate
rials for use in manufacturing amounted
in round numbers to $200,wO,')w, against a
little over SlW.yOu.GuO in the corresponding
months of Hum, and the exports of manu
factured goods were $o04,w0.000, against
iiGo.uw.wo in the corresponding months of
1K& Ttus in both importation of raw
materials for use in manufacturing and in.
exportation of the finished product the
Jitfures cf the present year are nearly
double those of lb%.
The total imports of the eight months
just ended exceed by $y3,u00,«X«J the ira
jjorts of the corresponding months of 1S'.«6,
wiille the single item of manufacturers'
materials itstlf shows an increase of &7.-
I'JO.iXkj. Haw materials for uac in maiiu
la.cturin£ lormed in the tight months of
151*3 out ptr cent oi the total imports,
While in toe corresponding eight months
Of 1HK) they formed 2J.2 ptr cent. Manu
factures iornini in the *-isht monies of
lbM 2b.7 per cent of tile total exports, and
in eiRht months of luOo formed 3o.s> per
cent, and in August. 1KXI, S5.2 per ctnt of
tho total exports of domestic products.
In lhSb the average importation of manu
facturers' materials was $13,"*W,wj per
month, and in 1VM it is ?Jo,«. |t >. | ,<-'00 per
•*noruh.
The following table shows the imports
cf the principal classes of manufacturers'
materials in the eight months of lit'fi and
Z909 respectively:
Eight months ending
August 31.
1SS6. 1900.
Hides and tkins J13.176.:S1 J36.y61.011
ChercicaJs and drupe Z1.2iZ,^'Ji 35.3S3.M9
Silk, raw b,73:.\?>t>3 24,613,716
India rubber, crude J«.346,JvS l^.SS^.WO
libers &,l'32.Su6 l'j.771.035
Wool lJ.Ci5.ii7 IS,SQ9,9O9
Tin. in bars 3.*24.!>>-3 13.126.739
'.Tobacco. JeaX ....... S.«5S.a61 !\7&0,«ll
Couch, raw i,HZ,1~Jl lAiTi,*'*
Pun L.3S9.US 4,767,077
"Wood I0.M2.982 9,139,1'.'2
The following table shows the principal
exports of manufactures in the eight
months of ISM and 1900 respectively:
Eight months ending
August 21.
1S96. 1S00.
Ir^.n anfl steel S^,<<:.7,0S0 JS7.174.SS9
Oils— mineral, refined 37,227,216 45,635,660
O 1 r*r and manufac's of. 17.S72.&07 41.S30.330'
leather and nianuiac's of 12.63.~i.353 17,e^7,7C2
Cottcn manufactures X9.~SZ.9M 10.2S3.ie7
Implements.. A.<\il,"2 13.fc~~*.771
Chemicals £>S9.7i'7 Sf.lvi.128
Wood manufactures 5,037,i;';5 T.S?y.v57
Fcientiflc instrur-er.ts 1.762. S55 4.171.561
Pai*r and manutae"s of.. l.SsCl.SfiS 4.0C3.766
Tubacco manufactures ... 3.027. 251 4,033.14a
Cycles t,Vfi.tBt 2,517,717
Exportation of Manufactured Goods
During the Year Nearly Double
That of Tour Years °
Ago.
Interesting Statistics Made
Public by the Treasury
Bureau.
ACTIVITY OF THE
MANUFACTORIES
THE SAN FK s ANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1900.
25
600 Band Bows and String Ties— Made
of fine qua'i.ty satin "in good styles, perfect in
every wiy; back, brown, navy, garnet, pink and J gt,
blua; 25c va'ues; (Monday and Tuesday m 9*v
Remnants, Lanes, Ruchings, Trlm-
miftgs and Embroideries— An immense
accumulation during the pa^t f?w weeks — on special sale
Monday on'y at onc*>tfUZI*tOf off from tha already
low "remnant prices."
Remnants, Silks and Velvets— Hundreda
of short pieces of plain, checked and striped
Taffetas, Armures and Satins, India Silks and
Foulards; Gros Grains, Satins, Velvets, etc.;
among them lengths suitable for waists and un-
derskirts—all on special sale (Monday only, at
ons-quarter off already reduced remnant
prices.
E^i^ssoniinairy Saie of Ladies' Neckwear.
Also important Remnant Sales Laces, Ruchings, Trimmings,
Etntoroideries, Silks and Velvets* To-mor-
row and Tuesday we will offer more than iooo pieces of <gjfg\
Lndies' Neckwear, Scarfs, Jaoots and Stock Collars in all *p*^'
styles that have been slightly soiled from display at less than half /«j ii< ffiLsUlk
regular prices. The large assortment makes detailed description impos- W&~ "^gjtt-^&i&P
sib'.e. Suffice to say: tW /^i%K£)>
50c and 75c Neckwear for 25c, <M§ mj§l |||
$1.00 and $1.25 Neckwear for 5OC, 4^ flf
$1.25 to $300 Neckwear for 75c. ..
In a large lot of silver-plated table wre,
c'osed'out by us from a prominent New
York j->b >er, there were just 44 sets of
triple-plated, 12 dwt. Knives, that are
worth in the regular way $1.25 for set
of 6 — Monday on y. while this cfeo
limited quantity ast'.sctofG o"C
Sale Table Knives.
ADV2BTI3EMENTS.
Carpets, Linoleums* Mattings} antl Rugs
U^oti tii very low prices quoted on ah standard goods.
Tapestry Brussels — Good Wearing Carpet, in strong, servicable
co'ors; worth 55c; on sab all this week, rer yard '. 38c
Brussels Carpets— A Fine, Heavy Carpet. Full line of Parlor, Bed-
room, Dining Room and Hall and Stair patte;ns; well worth 63c; on i sale all this
wee<<; per yard ,. 50c
Ingrain Carpet — One Yard Wide, full lino very desirable patterns;
sntondid wearing Carpet; worth 55c; on sale a'l this week, per yard 400
Smith's Axminster Carpets — Tde well-known make. Our large line
of well selected patterns, with hnndaome border to match; all the latest patterns
and coloring?; the Very Special Price, per yard,' this week OOc
Hartford Axminster Carpets — An excellent line of this popular
make, with or without borders; the very low price per yard, this week $1.15
Mattings — Japanese Linen Warp, closely woven, all styles and de-
siens. per yard .'. • 2Oc
Linoleums— Splendid quality, heavy Linoleums, neat, choice patterns,
per vard • BOO
Japanese Rugs — At a quarter or more below actual worth:
18x36 inche?, worth $1.10, sale price this week SOo
3'x60 inches, woith $3.00, 6a!e price this week S2.25
£6x72 inchs', worth i4 25, sale price thi3 week..... •• $3.00
4x7 feet, worth $7.tO, sale price this week.........'....... ....$5*75
Disease.
Peculiar Ideas Begirding a Common
Mark Tvrain's cure for a cold In the
head was simple, but he claims very ef-
fective In his own case. His plan was to
eat nothing whatever for twenty-four
hours or presumably until the trouble had
disappeared.
Although not able to speak from per-
conal experience as to the effectiveness of
this treatment, it certainly has the merit
cf extreme economy; but it occurs* to us
that the application of it to a case of
nasal catarrh might be attended with dif-
ficulties
Catarrh, as every one knows, is a
chronic cold in the head, and Mr. Twain's
treatment, if it should become a fad.
would make of us a nation of f asters; an
army, emulating the example of the Im-
mortal Tanner, who achieved world-wide
lame by lasting forty days.
Catarrh is certainly oecoming a national
disease, and there is little doubt but that
errors in diet, particularly overeating, is
a. very common cause.
Most people, however, are more inter-
ested in the cure of the trouble than in
the cause, and modern medical science
has produced more effective and less
heroic remedies than Mr. Twain's. rt
Guaiacol is a new remedy, very effective
In some forms of catarrh. Eucalyptol is
another, which on account of its anti-
septic properties is very valuable, while
many severe cases of Chronic Catarrh
have been entirely cured by the sanguin-
aria or extract of blood root alone.
\Vithin a year an enterprising chemist
ha6 combined all of these remedies in
tablet form, palatable and convenient, and
the superiority of this tablet over other
catarrh remedies is so apparent that all
druggists now carry them In stock to sup-
i<iy the popular demand.
They are called Stuart's Catarrh Tab-
lets, and it Is doubtful if any medicine
has achieved a national popularity In so
ehort a time as this.
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets are used by
thousands of traveling men because they
can be carried In the pocket and used
any time and In any quantity, being free
ffrom cocaine, opiate or any poisonous
drug.
They dear the h*>ad and throat from the
disgusting secretions of catarrh, very
often in a few hours' time.
For nasal catarrh they are far superior
to any v.uj-h. lotion or ointment, the use
of which is often as inconvenient and an-
noying as the disease Itself.
For coughs, colds, bronchial catarrh and
catarrh of the stomach these tablets give
Immediate relief and a permanent cure
where lotions, douches and inhalers make
no Impression •whatever.
This preparation is a boon to catarrh
Fufrer^rs, and any drupjrlst will tell you
that Stuart's Catarrh Tablets is a remedy
Viat has come to stay.
THEORIES ABOUT CATARRH.
Dinner Napkins*
Some t me ago we pliced one cse fine
Dinner Na kins > $2.'J0 value 1 , fully
bleached, size 23x23 inche?, on special
• sa'e. Because of the unusual values
they qnick y -old out and miny wou'd-
bs buyers were disappointed. W; re-
peat that special offering to-morrow —
Napkins worth $2.0 J a - Q
dczan for 5J»«nrO
Wall Papers*
At Greatly Reduced
Prices*
Our buyer has just returned from the
East an I his purchases of !arc;e quantities
of the latest papers are dai!y expected.
To make joom and cleanup our present
stocks we have marked down all papers
on hand.
Ex:ra heavy 22-inch Gilts with borders
and ceilidhs to match, worth 49c re^
double roll, now 25c
20c White Blanks in pretty patterns and
coloring?, now double roll 15g
Some at 12c and a few at 10c per
double rolls.
Wood Stains— Colors and varnishes at
same time, gives a genuine hardwood
finish to soft wood?, old furn ture, etc.
.qt. 55n m pt. 3fp i nt 2Oc
Lucas* Floor Paint— Best mads, a
coiors, gal. .$1*50, h gal. 80c,
Isal .- 45c
Lucas' Gloss Paint — For general U9e
gal. $1.50, i gal. 80c. 1 ga'.
45c
Emporium Paints — Best that can be
made for tho prica, ga 1 . $1*25 9 \ era .
70c, i gal... 4Gc
Gilt Picture Rail— All designs, per
foot 2hc
&7.5O, $8*5O. &9.5O to $2O
Regular Go-Cirt3 from".. $3*10 to $20
t on wheel fastener and foot brake, like
picture $6,50
Olhers more elaborately finished.
Reclining Go-&arts
qU3rt capac'tv :....75c
Hot Water Bottles — Pure Para Rao-
ber, 2 quart sizj , QOo
Goodyear Bulb Syringe, complete outfit in
box : 5Oc
Face Bottles— For toothache, heart-
ache, etc 30c
Absorbent Cotton— Rjd Cross, lb...
'• • 4Oc
In Rotunda. .* >7
Toilet Articles*
At Money'Saving Prices.
California L;mon Cream, 2 for 25c
Requa's Toilet Pumice lOc
Violet Witch Haze, pint bott!e3 25c
Violet Toilet Am mon a, pint hottle. .25c
Royal Tooth Powder, large tins 15c
Fountain Syringe — Good qua ity,
complete witn 3 hard rubber pipes, 2
Goat Hangers, 5c*
10c Veneered Wood, full size, bent shape
coat or waist hangers — 2000 on _.
sale Monday on!v, each OG
House Furnishing Department.
SSc Jardinieres 41c
—G&r*-"*^ 144 pretty Jardinieres
iHpgjjssjjyipJ of this latent shape
and design, American
Uravu?rai^/ pottery shading from
.Ksa^&f^jLY li^ht to dark brown,
A^^i^^v^^f w ' 1^ li^ht green bor-
er ' W0I * a 6i> c each,
**®«' on sale M n- jmm
day only 'rsG
Furniture at Raduc^d Prices*
Just opened — new line of Dressers, Chiffoniers and Dressing Tab'cs,
ajl the popular iL'corfs. Gulden Oak. Bird's-Eye. CMap.e, Mub.gam,
ex. sAll marked at the lowest possible prices.
Book Case— Solid Golden Oak, 5 feet 5 inches high, 30 inches wide;
4 adjustable shelves; ha3 oval French plate miiror on tor; worth £15. 00, on «ale
a" thH we k $12.50
Writing Desk — With convenient pigeon-hole arrangement, one large
drawer, has shelf for papers, etc.; made of Solid Oak, golden finish; worth S8.00,
on sale ai< thi* week $5*5Q
Child's Maple Fo!ding Crib— With woven wire and top mattresse?;
the crib complete is worth $?.00, on sale all thi* week $3*70
Screens — A beautiful new line of Fire and Foldinpj Screens just opened;
Oak. Mahogany and Enamel Fnmes, filled whh prtt'.y Persian and Fioral Effect
D-mms. India Silks anl Cretonnj*. from * 5Oc to $10.00
Parlor Set — Solid Golden Oak Frames; made with full Clipper
siring; upholstered in handsomj velours, with biscuit tufted back; well wrrth
$V). on si e all this w-ek $40
Dining Chair — Solid Golden Oak, with wood or cane seat; highlv po 1 -
ishe''; a s r >!'niid va*u> at $2.50; on sale all this week $1.85
Extension Table — Solid Golden Oak, round top, 44 inche3 in diam-
eier; extends 6 fee 4 ; has h«avy 4-inch fancy scrolled 1 gs; is finely finished. Oth-»r
h^use* ask $12 for the sann table. On sale ali this week $8*25
Sideboard— Made of Solid Oak, finished in the popular golden shade;
base is 44 inches wide and 24 inches deep; furni*h3d with rcomsr cloiet, 1 large
and 2 small drawers; Frer.ch bevel plate mirror, 22i28 inches, patterned; hghly
polishel, neat'y carved; big value at $27.5^, on sale all Ih's wjek $22. 3D
Bedroom Set— Solid Golden Oak, 24x30 inches, French plate mirror,
ha f swelled front, carved: good cabinet work, highly polishei; well worth #32 50.
on sa 1^ all this week, the 3 piece3 for $24:75
Bedroom Set— A heavy, massive set, made of beautiful quarter-sawed
oax, in the Golden Oik F nish beautifully, carved, p'ano polish, drewer ha* fu 1
swalied front and an iram.-nie French plate mirror, 2 elegant pieces, worth $65, on
sale all this week .'. $50
John B. Stetson Go*'s
Fall Style Hats*
The Fail and /% j=N
shape* from <r^[^^. f^ssij fe*-ri. "!\
factory 3 re
have the stiff
Hats in the
flexib'e, self-conforming, and in full
stiff in black and two new shades of
brown. Fedoras in blcck. brown and
the new dark pjarl. Sold in mon ston s
at $5-0 '. The b c sto-e's price.$4«OQ
Scrap Books, 28c*
These Scrap books are worth half as much
again as the special Monday price. A
speci ily bought lot of'2JJ large size
Scrap Bjoks with handsomely embossed
linen covers — to-morrow 4 o
only «OC
quisitely hemstitched border; width 42
inches, for dres3es, skirts or aprons;
worth 50c yard — on sale *->¦—
at. £dC
$6.85 Mandolin, $4,85*
We have a limited number of elegant pearl
Mando- jT&r
tone and \^2$&/
that re-
tail regulirly for $5.S3, which will b
iia sale Monday ooly at.... {*yy p.
75c Feit Mandolin Bags — special
Mjnday_ 52O
1.50 Canvas Guitar or Banjo •
Gases — 3pecia on Monday Jj?/*#O
i Musical Instruments— Second Floor.
White Goods*
Our New York buyer picked up a small lot
of v-ry fine White Batiste, with an ex-
ity, hank 2 So
Fle'ishers— Bast Knitting Wool, hsnk...
30o
Imported Saxony — Skein lOc
Fairy Floss or Shawls, skein.... 12\o
Shetland Flo3S— Exira crimp, skein..
: i2\o
Imported Castor Wool for Slippers.
sxein ..17c
Knitting Silk- Good quality, SO yrJ3
Wo
Cro:het Needles — St«l, eich .....^..
*.. 2o and 5o
Crochet Needles — Largi wooi, each
8o and lOo
Cushion Cords— Per yard
8c, 15c and 25o
Coronation Braid— Silk, dozsn rard3
.T 50o
Doylies, Squares, Scarfs Tea Cl >ths..
* 15o to 92*50
Sale of Hsmstitched
Two specially bought lots of C6-inch
Skirt Linings — about 300 -yards cf Fancy
Striped and 600 yards fine qiality B.ack
Taffeta Lir:ing3, worth at '.east 15c tha
yard. Wi 1 bs on sa.o Honia7 —
Fancy, 9c Black, lie
Wools, Yarns, Silks
Ensbroidery MatcrSalSm
Of the many j==^f^-^*PB
materials Ar*£^Zg^f l^? aa '°* l! *£%
home man- 3
ufacture of fU tea W^MM
seems to r _5i^axxrazi~" i
have a de- y^0 t-^ «o«*a
cided preference thi3 season.
We have the patterns for all kinds.
Handkerchiefs, Doylies, Bordera, Tie
Ends lOo
Sc^rf»and Centers, each _25c
Boleros and Jack»r ¦<. each. ...... ...... .35 o
Battenberg Thread — Gemane 'A.
S.." in cream an-i white, 3 for...... tQo
Battenberg Linen Braids^ — 3^-vd.
pieces 25o to 35o
Duchess Braids, Point Lace and Rings.
Pillow Tops — Large assortments of
tmiqjo and pleasing pattprna, including
tho t lacks 25c and 5Qo
German Knitting Wool — first qual-
A Monday Sale
Dress Linings*
box.Iarge y~
ovens,
five 7-inch holes, portable end Fhelf, an
economic' fue! consumer, a perfect c tove
fo a sma 1 family $'6*75
Oil 'Heaters— Compete assortment.
$2.75. $3:2V ?4.50, $5.00and. >: 56.O£l
Gas Heaters— Economical kind, twi
sizes, which we »re c"o*ing out at
$2.35 and $3.45
Gas Tubing— Any length; per foot. 5c
Gas Plates For heating and c:oking;
1 burner, 5Cc; 2 burner
$1.75 and $2,35
Aunt Dinah Toasters For gas or
blue flame
oil stoves,
we recom-
mend thpm.
25c
3Oc Cake Plates $9c
On y a small
lot cf these
decorated
china Cake
c:osed out ilon- |n$* y T "^h/k
day at a little Y&\k *; //jW§
more than half, \M^v»^^/f^/
10 inches in J)r
diameter, as- '^ggl^^^
sorted flower
decoration, gild edge, to-mor- ««_
rcw, while quintity lasts *%*C
f reach Flannels*
Imported French Flannels— Em-
broiderei in fine silk dots, reseda, gar-
net, black, old ro3e, new purple, etc.,
erounds. per yard $1*QO
Imported French Flannels -la
so. id co or3, figured stripes and dots,
per yard 65c — 75?
French Flannels— New p'.aids and
stripei, stricily all woo!, woven color-
ings, ner y3rd 4Qc
Tennis Flannels — Imported and do-
mestic, cotton warp, wool tilling, vard...
.'.25c
English Tennis Flannels— Medium
and dark colorings, 30 inches wide, re-
varsible — a 20c value — per *ia~n
yard 3 4 !\&
Flannels and Flannelettes— Amer-
ican mace, printed and woven, per
yard 7hc to 20c
Dress Style Ssrge Wash Suitings
36 inche) wide, ricn p. aids and stripe3,
a very attractive line, per yard 15G
White Flannels for Skirtings -
Cire.-'uiiy embroidered with best silk3,
made to our special order, ad 36 inches
wide, per yard GOo to $1.75
Ballardvato tchile all-vccol and silk
and ttool Flannels, all grades and ail
ttidlks.
Wd hav* about 1000 yards of on^ of our
staple numbers of pure black Mohair Braid
in width3 from J to 2^ irscheg, of which
the manufacturer rai discontinued the
line. Not bjina: able, therefore, to till in
soms of ths width?, we will c'ose cat
st^ck on hand on M >nd3y only at one"
quarter off regular prices.
Fiarsnce fWohaer Braids
One-tsesarter Off
Van Horn Kentucky Whiskey —
Liquor Specials*
Extra quality; 7 yjars o d; regularly
qiaTts......5ltC pints 23c
$3.50 gallon; Monday only {*o'9fi?
.; $A9«9«9
Port or Sherry— Our regular -mn
$1. on gi Ion grade; Moniay... M%fC
Celery Phosphate— i gallon. $!*OO
Catsup —The Nations
Pure FocdCo.'s; the finest m2de; f~«
Monday only; pint bottles m%SC
Prunes— Fancy New 70-8j's; on —
Mondsy; b •>©
Rice- On Moniay. Choice Caro- a»»
i"H Heal Rice.'-i'lb.v for *SOC
Coffee Our Famous Mocha /m /n
ami Java. 3 lbs &imVJGS
Japan Tea— Fancy Ba : ket Fried, jag*
rouni >m JfC
$zv? Money Monday
Gn Thsse Groceries
/v Hams -Best
/f*1 Eastern Sugar-
jfj N. Cure d — the far
I' t$^\ vorite Emporium
M U 'rWr1 V brand — Mon-
ms& fjj day Only-
Vi!§^ per lb.... tec
lar shades are rose, bluet, reseda, reds,
etc.; will make swell shirt waists for
either stre?t or evening wear; -,„
per yard. ..$1* 25, $1 and Y&9S
New Flndes in Poplins and Pilet de
Soiu — These two makes are the m:>-t
popular of plain si k?, and by far the
best wearing silks. They coma in ah
the new shade?, such as rose, b'ue, re-
sed3, magenta, reds, m'jdes, j*>f g^T)
etc.; per yir3 S&B *%JftJ
Pahns Velvets— We received a large
Fhipmant thU week in all the new mill-
inery shades, such as reseda, bluet, o!d
rose, turquoise, cream, pink, [i*ht b ae,
lavender. cer"se, royal, castor, navy and
li ac; lOirche? wide; per gy m _ —»
yard &M.5U
New Fancy Waist Silks are arriv-
ing dany, the latest stjlaiand color-
irg?. jrincipally solid colors, with
braided and stitched (ffects; the popu-
GhsrtTiiis^ Silks.
Purse Tops*
r Qk JggE~~~fcg? /^ We have a la-ge
ptesgplllJ^spgL ine of gate and
IZyA^w^i^BStf^^^spring tops for
making the
'ssS^^EljSs^ beaded bags and parses
Ouw^wO now E0 stvlish, price
25c io $1.50
Beads for Making
Purses— AH nz>*, cut steel, qi t,
f i ver an ' jet beads, per bunch, 10 ig
25c, 2Oc and 25c
. 8-
Stoves, Heaters, etc
. Everything in the line of Stoves
and Ranges, Oil and Gjs Heaters,
Blue Nairn Stoves, Gas and Oil
Ovtns', etc.
N o . 7 <^^ =e = s^_ !^^_ v^
for wood |*gi jk^-y ij^j;r-^£yij^||
Tailor Dress, $15*
A Very Special Value*
«p|£|k lor dress,
. come here.
Right nov7
/) i <\ e have
/y\\ ;) over a hun-
n^jA^ dred 3tvle3
/fi^ ¦$ of new win-
/ B ter dresses,
/ ? P\ and ten
Jj \\ time3 that
//• \\ x man ? we
/} i Vv^ should
/if- \ k- V^^ count the
lJ?tL wJ^\ color3 and
My^^^T 3 assortments
L^J/\^^~~ < -' ' Big a3sort-
ments at
$10, S15, $20, $25 and $30—
then S35. $4). $45, S50, $63,
$70, ?sa and £100. Not one of
them a tai or would mice for yon for
doable the price, and many cf the so-
called ladies' tailors c->u!d not mako
them for any price. Here'3 a special
bargain for this week:
To morrow we begin tha sale on the be3t
tailor dresses, and the best assortment
that we ever had for $15.00; many of
them, only one or two of a kind; others
in great plenty, bat all are real bar-
g.iin3; all woo! anl finely m-da; all
styles; all coors. Beginning GtiGR
to-morrow ;. %p a z£
$7.5O Rainy - Day Skiffs,
$4*95, with a pocket on front of
hip; heavy firm material; nothing iika it
anywhere; all shades of gray and blue;
to-morrow, and while lot JL ** -» _
lasts O4i95
At $7.45 and $9.95, two special
lots of now fine Jackets, gar-
ments tha: are in many case3 worth
near'y doable: all styles and coiorg,
while iot \a.3t3....$ 7. 45 and $9.95
Money-saving Prices
for Good Shoes.
Ladies' Don^ola K i d
M mnish Oxford3» cew ("""-ST" "^
mod fiad ball dog toes -<s I
with kid tips, medium I \A j
weight soles; an easy, I v I
comfortable shoe — ro- J **§ 1
duced for Mon- / wr >^J
nPv&l Misses* Vici Kid Laca
ic*^V>-<^ Shoes— fancy silk Test-
i^0^^S^ iT5JJ top3> n8aS
l^N§£&cfc£?v < '^ coia toe3 « P at "
t^V^jbr*?nS>v^1 ent leather
j i, , hi 5!» an^ widths;
regularly 52— on Monday... t**+ m 3Q
Boys 0 . Clothing.
,r^\ When
g^-^-3 (ii^oV you buy
money .
your boy a
suit at the
big store,
you can de-
pend upon
it that you
are getting
the best
possi ble
value for
your
—^V There i s
«not a cheap- or shoddy garment in
our entire stock.
Boys' Sailor Suits -Heavy blue serge,
fail cut b oases, braided and embroid-
ered collars and shied*, siz;s 3 to 10
y?ars, snlendid va ue $5*00
Boys' Vestcc Suits— Fine ali-woo
serge?, ch viots or cassimere3, silk
vests, or vests of same material-, suit-
able for dre£3 weir, sizes 3 to 10 year*,
special value $5.1 Q
Boys' School Suits — Made of warm,
al -woaj materials that will give g(od
satisfaction and stand rough usage,
£.'z?s 8 to 16 years, special values at
$3.43
WXWXKWM**
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
Another convenience for. patrons of the big store— a Ladies' Shoe-Fol-
ishing Stand, now open at foot of stairway leading to Ladies' Parlor.
O.i .atest style Mel- M«p'^p' ** — ««r9k IS <1B* » in Latest siz?s — en-
ton Face Mounts— P* C&Olo4£fl^ WtlSi^ H&2&2Z3L&LB°m gravid — Monday
•wJeVS3e75 CALIFORNIA'S I.APGEST--AMERICA\S GRANDEST STORE °. n ! y ; $1.25
'mmm*M*M
No matter how long you have -been shopping in San Francisco, you have never bought
stylish, up-to-date, trustworthy, absolutely guaranteed merchandise for less money than the
big store asks. If you can get same qualities for less money elsewhere bring back our goods
and get your money.
Men's Fancy
Handkerchiefs
4 tor 25c.
200 dozen Men's Handkerchiefs, bought
way below the market value, a good
quality of cambric with pretty colored
borders, more than 6) patterns to
choose from and all worth twice as
much as we are going to ask for them.
On sale Monday only *•»«
4 for SOC
A SpesiaS Sale of
Bed Sheets*
Hoto'-keepero and experienced house-
keepers know th3 excellent wearing q'ua i-
ti»s of the dcuble warp bed sheets. Th?y
are almost like linen in appearance and
give the utmo't satisfaction. A larga
;ot in three width3 offered for Monday at
th?so pro.-:
Sinir'e B>d fizs. . r 4x9D inches 49c
Fo- | Beds. 72x9) inches 5OO
9 4 Width for Fd l-»?ze Beds 54c
a: «F" * 'irCALIT0RNIANS IN NEW YORK.
XEW YORK. Oct. 13.— Mrs. Cambron ls
at the St. Denis: Mrs. W. Finch is at the
Albert: w. A. Fry is at the Grand; J. J
Koshland is at the Xetherland; J. Smith
and wife are at the Metropolitan; Mra.
Deming is at the St. Denis: Mrs. G. Simon
Is at the Vendome; T. P. Welsh is at the
Holland; L. Prenot is at the St. Denis; M.
Brooks and wife are at the Manhattan;
A. Sbarboro and wife and R. Sbarboro
are at the Gllsey: E. E. Stoddard ia at
the Imperial; J. L. Williams Is at the Vic
toria—all of San Francisco. C. Hanson is
at the Murray Hill; A. Loeb and wife are
at the St. Denis; W. S. Volkman ls at the
Gerard— all of Los Angeles. A. Gleason Of
Pasadena is at the Park Avenue. MJss E
Ferrer is at the Grand Union; Mrs!
Allan, Dr. J. U. Hall and Mrs. F. E. Spen
cer are at the Park Avenue— all from Cali
fornia.
Views of a Southerner.
Says ex-Senator M. C. Butler, a South
Carolina Democrat of the old school:
"I am an expansionist. I think the
Democratic party made a mistake when
they raised the cry of anti-imperialUm
and I don't believe that there ls any such
thing. As for the Southern people I don't
see how any of them, especially those in
the cotton business, can see anvthinir not
beneficial to them in the policy of ex
pansion. I think Mr. McKinley has made
a moat excellent President He ls thor
oughly conscientious, Intensely patriotic
and has the best interests of tha country
North and South, at heart."
"Would you take our darling daughter
from us?" tearfully asked the mother
"Why— er— yes." replied the startled
youth. "That's my Idea. I— I really had
not contemplated taking the whole family,
you know."— Chicago Post.
PERSONAL MENTION.
C. W. Ayers, a Jamestown miner, Ls at
the Grand.
Dr. C. Cushing of San Rafael is at the
Occidental.
Prentiss Carpenter, a Placervllle attor
ney, is at the Grand.
Deputy Sheriff J. J. White of Fresno is
registered at the Lick.
Hugh Fullerton, wife and child, of. New
York are at the Occidental.
Frank O. Buck and wife of Denver,-
Colo., are at the California.
R. ' S. Stewart and Richard McLeon of
Walla' Walla are at the Lick.
Thomas D. Petch, a merchant at Eure
ka, is registered at the Grand. z-:~. £'.? £ ;
H. Hedemann is In the city on his way
home to Honolulu from the East.
Carlton C. Crane. of the New Tork Cen
tral Railroad Company Is at the Lick.
V. TV. .'Hartley of VacavJlle, the well
known fruit raiser, is at the Grand.
R. 8. L. Harvey and C. H. Turnbell of
Edinburgh, Scotland, are at the Palace.'
A. P. Stewart of the Chicago and Alton
Railroad is registered at the Occidental.
J. E. Henry and G. E. Henry, merchants
at Lincoln, N. H., are registered at the
Palace.
Colonel J. S. Young, proprietor of the
Rues House, returned yesterday from a
two weeks' stay at Byron Springs.
Mra. D.Z. Sheffield arrived in the dty
yesterday from the Eaat on her way to
Peking, where Bhe goes aa a missionary.
Bhe Is at the Occidental.
j. F. Lawless, auditor of the Oregon
Navigation Company, arrived In the city
yesterday from Seattle and is registered
at" the Palace. ' J. D; Farrell. president,
and J. G. Wood worth, traffic manager of
the same company, are also at the Pal
ace,
Edwin Hawley of New York says he wouldn't ac
cept $40,000 a year and live in San Francisco. You
can't even pay some people to be happy.
The San Bernardino, rnan who failed to hit himself
in five frantic endeavors to kill himself with a bullet
ought to indulge in a little. target practice as a prelim
inary to suicide. . -/_*';
The secret is out at last; Bryan has been holding
a card up his sleeve. lie has so little hope of winning
the Presidency that he is inducing his friends to shake
a toga out for him from Nebraska,
The English must intend to make a lifelike model
of Oom Paul with which to affright the rising genera
tion. A hat and a pipe which the old gentleman
owned have brought large prices at a London auction.
A local preacher wants to know what we are going
tc do* with the hornets' nest out of which the Boxers
rushed to sting the world. What was good for the
Eoxers, it would seem, ought to be good for the nest.
The murderous corupirators of Chicago who killed
several people that they might make hideous profit
on insurance forgot one essential element of their
game. They should have remembered that wagging
tongues are dangerous.
The Hall of Justice has won its first Tame. In the
shadow cast by its walls burglars have worked
quietly, leisurely and successfully. If the police
had looked out of their windows they could have seen
the malefactors at their trade.
To illustrate. Everybody who knows
anything nbout the modern stage knows
that William Archer is the first dramatic
critic irt Kngland, if not in Europe. To
my thinking he is a better critic than
even those distinguished Frenchmen Fa
guet and Lemaitre. for his knowledge
seems wider and his Judgments are more
cathol'c. He Is thoroughly acquainted
with the best that has been accomplished
in the dramas ol Greece. Rome, Italy.
England , France. Germany, Norway and
Spain; he has seen all the great European
actors for the last twenty-five years; he
can analyze situation and character with
a skill far beyond anything attained by
the best of his predecessors — Hazlitt,
Lamb and Lewes. Ha Is the last man In
the world you would expect to make a
mistake concerning any play he had seen
or read or to print contradictory judg
ments. Yet even Mr. Archer la fallible—
or, to put it perhaps more correctly, he Is
unconsciously changing opinions, growing
intellectually after an age at which most
If the tailor may be retailored, there is
no reason -why the critic should not be
criticized. Upon him, as well as upon
every other man who has written (and
forgotten) much, the deadly parallel may
be drawn with amusing effect. Nor should
he be irritated thereby; "to err is human,
to forgive divine," and a man should
surely be pleased when opportunity is of
fered him to exercise the deeds of mercy.
Richard Mansfield: the Original Adapter,
the late Ausustin Daly; the French Fancy
Groceryinan, M. Rostand. Mr. Mansfield
as he was careful to proclaim at the time,
promised to pay M. Rcstand for the priv
ilege of playing * Cyrano de Bergerac."
He now refuses to do eo on the ground
that Daly could not be compelled to pay
royalties, and that therefore he, Mans
field, should not be so compelled.
It looks as if Mr. Mansfield's morals
were becoming perverted by his Intense
desire to conform himself in all respects
to the character of that swash-buckling
Henry V, whom he is soon to represent.
Ther* Is only one explanation of th!»—
the acting nat have been cf that "pre
ternatural" order xrhlch Mr. Archer In
voked In his first notice. Happy critic!
Any one can call spirits from the vasty
deep, but not to every one will they coma
when he does calL m
men. as Dr. Ho!mes szys, have ceased ta
be thinking- beir.55.
In the year 1553 Mr. t la the Losion WcrlJ
Archer reaJ Bemar i far ilay 3. IsjO. Mr.
Shaw"* slay. "Yc/a Arch-r (arter seelrjg
NVver Car. Tell." , the play acted), wrot*
Th!9 Js ¦what he vrrrit* as follows:
about It <Stu-!y a=d, "It is a philosophical
Stare, p. 15): 'extravaganza, l^ffen
•• Without preterr.*- iously humorous, brll
tural actlaz. I fear llantly witty, and re
this forni'esa and m?- v»alir:s u=<2*r 1:3 Irre
ty farce would seem s^ona;bie *urfac« as
very tedious en tiie'pects in Intellectual
stase." ! capacity o» tie Cr«t
'crier."
There are many similar omissions which almost
every one will note. In short, the result of the voting
shows that the "eminent authority" is very often less
fitted to pass judgment upon matters of common in-
A list compiled as that has been is entitled to re
spect, but nevertheless it will give rise to a good deal
cf 'peculation concerning the principle on which it
was made up. Every man on the list is eminent, but
a good many of them are not "famous" in the ordin
ary meaning of the phrase. Their names are honored
in various professions, but they have not been
sounded into the ears of all by the great trump of
fame and are not familiar in men's mouths as house
hold words. Consequently it would appear the judges
selected men who ought to be famous rather than men
who are famous.
The average American will note with surprise that
Andrew Jackson, whose name has been one to con
jure with in politics for more than fifty years, whose
victory at New Orleans is annually celebrated by a
considerable number of persons, and whose example
is cited to-day in all parts of the Union, is not included
in the list of thirty-one foremost Americans. With
an equal surprise the a\'erage man will note the ab
sence of Monroe's name and that of John C. Calhoun.
Men differ concerning the policies for which these
three men stand, and there may be doubts concerning
their intellectual or moral greatness, but no one can
deny that they are more famous than a good man)'
on the selected list.
It appears that only nirirty-seren'but of the one
hundred voted. The !ht with the number of votes
given for each stands in thh order: George Wash
irgton, 97 (full vote): Abraham Lincoln. o/5; Daniel
Webster, <f>; Benjamin Franklin, 94; U. S. Grant,
92; John Marshall, 91; Thomas Jefferson, 90; Ralph
W2M0 Emerson, 86; Henry W. Longfellow, 84; Rob
ert Fulton, 84; Washington Irving, 82; Jonathan Ed
wards, 82; David G. Farragut, 79; Samuel F. B.
Morse, 79; Henry Clay, 74; George Peabody, 72;
Nathaniel Hawthorne. 72; Robert E. Lee, 69; Peter
Cooper, 68; Horace Mann, 67; Henry Ward Beechcr,
(6; Eli Whitney, 66; James Kent, 65; Joseph Storey,
64; John Adams, 61; William Ellery Charming, 58;
John James Audubon, 57; Elias He we, 53; William.
Morris Hunt, 52; Gilbert Stuart, 52; Asa Gray, 51.
The selection has been carefully made. In the fir.-t
place one hundred men were invited to submit names
to the University Senate. These one hundred in
cluded twenty-five Judges of Supreme Court*., national
and State; twenty-five educator*, twenty-fire h\t
torizns or scientists, end ttrentjr-fire chosen from
among the editors and authors of the country, Ko
ru.me was placed upon the Hit of c*A%iLlt\ for the hais
unless it received fifty-one votes. Ths *€naic can
vzs?ed the returns ar.d made the selection r>f the
thirty-one, none of the other* bavins? received the
requisite number.
AFTER much deliberation the senate of the
University of New York has made up a list of
thirty-one illustrious Americans whose names
are to be inscribed upon the stately Hall of Fame that
i 9 to adorn the university grounds and be one of the
imposing monumental structures of the country. As
the full number of names to be inscribed at once upon
the hall is fifty, there remain nineteen more to be
chosen. Consequently the list given out is incom
plete, but none the less it is interesting as an illustra
tion of the judgment of eminent authorities upon the
relative rank of our great men.
THE Hf^LL OF FflME NOTABLES.
CAMJLLE D'ARVILLE (MRS. CRELLIX). A NOTABLE EXAMPLE OF
THE TENDENCY OF THE TIMES TO DRIVE THE BEST DRAMATIC
TALENT TO ACCEPT FABULOUS SALARIES IN VAUDEVILLE.
So far as the election goes Bryan's speeches of that
kind hurt himself more than anybody else, but for the
sake of the reputation he has acquired in American
politics it is to be regretted that he has shown so
much of weakness and of spite. A man who aspires
to be President of the United States should at least
have enough of manhood about him to bear defeat
with dignity and not go down railing like a fool.
Such a speech from a man who holds the high posi
tion of candidate of ore of the great parties of the
country for the Presidency can signify nothing else
than a complete intellectual collapse. It is a wild de
nunciation which can have emanated only from the
ntadncss of disappointed ambition. Bryan is seeking
some method of explaining to his followers the cause
of the coming disaster. He is not big enough to
recognize that his defeat is due to the common sense
of the American people. He prefers to attribute it
to bribery, intimidation and to corruption. He would
have his deluded supporters believe that the result of
Presidential elections in this great country can be de
termined by such base means as those he has de
scribed.
BRYAN has evidently learned at last that his
leadership is one of forlorn hope, and that the
end of his political power and prestige is at
hand. He has been cheering his followers with large
words of hope for four years, bu: now he has begun
to utter words that sound very much like a cry of de
spair. He has once or twice of late admitted that
defeat is starfng him in the face, and has endeavored
to break the force of the truth by accusing his oppo
nents of foul plav.
In a recent speech he said: "If the election wer:
held to-day there is v.o doubt we would have a ma
jority in the electoral college and in the popular
vote. But the Republican managers are now collect
ing from the monopolies a large campaign fund.
They will buy every vote that can be bought. They
will coerce every vote that can be coerced. .-They will
intimidate every laboring man who can be intimi
dated. They will bribe every election judge that can
be bribed. They will corrupt every count that can he
corrupted.'' .
THE CRY OF DESPAIR.
That is the way Assemblyman Cotpcr was judged
by those who knew him. The people of Kings
County can draw their own conclusions as to whether
Cosper Is fit to hold a position on their bench.
I said to him. "Well. MJlt. a!n't you making a money
fight on this proposition?" cud h»r raid "No." "Well." I
goid. "I didn't know, but if you wire, perhapti you miVht
offer Ooeper five or six tboasasd dollars, and he would
see it your way."
Extract from Lamberson:
Th" TrtTr>*-*.H 'Mr. Milton Gr««)- All I can ray. rer.tle
trrn. In th!s: I h?.vi» known Mr. T^srr.berfon for «<ncra!
ycirs and kr.rw b* wa» ch&!rmsn cf thp County Centra!
CommSttr* down thf ; re, and b© wsu In Bacramento. and
I v.fY.eA him tr> r.*-. Mr. Coerer er.d urge hirr. to v?te for
Mr. Grar.t; that Mr. Orar.t *a« the only candidate for
fionator frjm the BerenUl Cor^refcjcional District, and
that Mr. Co*y ; r wai the ccly Assemblyman that was
not favorable- to Mr. Grant from that district, the Bov
«>nth <~v*ricr'^-»i!otjsj Tfirtrtct. an<i fce Haw Mr. Cosper, bo
he csid. and I afterward eaw h!m, I think, in this room
<tthrr» witnf:j>» wa» lying In t*d). He told me that he
had used tv-ry fcrgunj^nt thnt he could with Mr. Cosper
to \-ote for Mr. Grant, enri Mr. Copper ea.id that hr> could
not. and ho would not vot*; for Colonel Jiurns, but that
he would not promise to vote for Mr. Grant. Thc-n 3Lr:
Lambersori west <m to ray that he ha/1 heard it re
ported that Mr. Co-pcr had tipeo offrr<^l JCOOO to vote for
TJurnn. and that pcrhars he was waiting for a si:n!la*
offer from us.
We have, however, other objections to Cosper.
The Echo is wrong £n «aying he "voted once for
Burns." He voted for Burns fourteen times. More
cver, liis conduct was suspicious in many ways.
Here are t~*-o extracts from testimony given before
the committee of investigation of the charges against
Speaker Wright:
ff that be the best defence that, can be made for
Copper, and if the insinuation cf the Echo be correct,
then a new objection eppears to Cosper's candidacy.
A man v.ho in the Assembly would permit the Gov
ernor to coerce his vote for an evil candidate, by
threatening to veto a jest bill, will not have much in
dependence on the bench. It vr.ll be a* easy to in
fluence his decisions a; to inf.ucr.ee his vote.
Of that sheving we have only to say it injures — or
2t least asperses — the character of the Governor, but
does not help Cosper. If it be true that Governor
Gage was so intense a supporter of Burns that he
v.ou'd not sign a bill in which the people of Kings
County were interested unless the Assemblyman
f'om that county voted for Burns then the Governor
should have been impeached. A grosser violation of
official duty it would be difficult to conceive. It is
bed er.ough for a Governor to u«e the patronasre of
the State to support a personal favorite for the Unite i
States Senate^ but if in addition to that offense he go
to far 35 to threaten to veto measures in the interest
of the public in order to compel the representative; of
the people to do his will, then he passet the limit of
toleration ar.d should Le removed from office.
We have too much respect for the Echo to rest
T.:".:^g;y under its condemnation. We desire its ap
proval, and therefore undertake to vindicate our
course. That v.e may do this with all fairness we pre
fcr.t th,e Echo's statement in defense of Cosper's con
duct in the Senatorial contest. It says: "Mr. Co*
jx.r represented Kings County in the Assembly. He
voted once for liurns — presumably to secure the Gov
ernor's signature to a bill in which Kings County peo
ple 7/ere especially interested — and at the extra session
he ftll in enthusiastically for Bard and helped to elect
him. Knowing all these things, a large convention ol
K:ngs County Republicans nominated him for Jud?-.
It is not The Call's 'put in' and :t shuuM not en
deavor to keep alive the Senatorial animosities."
OUR esteemed contemporary, the Bakcrsfkld
Echo, has ccme to the defense of E. T. Cos
ptr, the discredited Assemblyman who, after
offending his constituents by voting for Bums in the
Senatorial contest, is now trying to obtain election
to the responsible position of Superior Judge in
K:r.gs County. It intimates that the course of The
Ca'l in opposing the election of Cosper is d^t to a
vir.cictivc spirit, and says, "The Ca'l is in bad bu;L
cess."
THE OBJECTION TO COSPER.
Mr. Bierce's fables need no Interpreta
tive comment, l>ut I fear that mine do, for
I am a clumsy hand at this kind of writ
ing compared with him. Let me say, then,
that the Well Advertised Intelligence is
It fell upon a Day in the nipping Month
of Frosts that a "Well Advertised Intelli
gence walked into the store of a French
Fancy Groceryman and bought a box of
Dainty Chips. For this he agreed to pay
Two Dollars in installments of Ten Cents
twr day. He had Paid but Thirty Cents
when an Original Adapter broke into the
shop of tbe Fancy Groceryman and
Adopted to himself— Conroy the Wise call
it— another box of Dainty Chips, exactly
like the First. For this he was Promptly
Haled before an Incorruptible Magis
trate (Public Opinion), where he was pro
nounced Guilty, but sentenced Innocent
by the aid of Tu Quoque and a Legal
Technicality. Hearing: of this, the "Well
Advertised Intelligence Refused to pay
the Fancy Groceryman the Jl 70 he still
owed him, claiming that since the Original
Adapter could not be Compelled to pay for
Hfrs Dainty Chips, neither should He, the
said Well Advertised Intelligence, be
Compelled to pay for His chips, although
he had Distinctly Promised (in writing)
so to do. The French Fancy Groceryman
thereupon brought an Action against the
V»'ell Advertised Intelligence, but was
promptly Non-Suited, the court holding
that though he Might have a Casus Belli
he could not have a Casus Aequltatls, be
cause he was a Foreigner.
• • •
A DRAMATIC FABLE.
fWIth apologies to Mr. Bierce.)
It has long beer, known that some of
the ancient Greek philosophers made good
cuesses at the doctrine of evolution, and
that Lucretius held a truly scientific con
ception of the atomic theory- But it^has
been reserved for the author (or is it the
adapter?) of "Quo Vadis" to reveal to a
v.ondering world that the Romans of the
first century A. D. had a thorough com
prehension of the properties of the X
ray. • • • I was a little late on the j
opening night of the Nero travesty, and
as I entered the theater the first words
that struck my astonished ear were these,
spoken by Viniciua in his description of
I.ygia: "O Petronlu?. I first saw her by
the light of the setting sun, whose rays |
shone clear through her transparent i
body." I quote from memory and am !
subject to verbal correction, but I am
sure that this vas the thought.
Unhappy Romans of 64 A. D., not to
know that, you knew all this:
a like migration. Two or three years ago
there were two ladles In the United States
who had every qualification necessary for
sustaining the most difficult roles la the
best comic operas ever written. I refer,
of.cours*. to Mrs. Jessie Baxtleti Davis
and Miss Cainillfc d'Arville. Both of these
ladles have now abandoned a form of art
that once called for the highest powers of
a Judic and an Almee, but for which there
Is now no real demand.
To quarrel with public taste Is futile;
yet surely one may be allowed to regret
the passing away of a kind of entertain
ment that combined the intellectual de
lights of comedy with the Eensuous de
lights of music— an entertainment free
from the dreary absurdities of grand op
era and the cheap vulgarities of extrava
ganza. One may and should regret also,
I venture to think, the unfltness of things
that condemns Miss d'ArvlUe. for in
stance, to be singing coon songs when ehe
roleht be interpreting for us roles that
ca'.I for all that intelligence and dramatic
power with v.-hich nature has so richly
dowered her. Of the richness of that power
one may still catch glimpses, for It breaks
out even through the dull medium with
which »he is now obliged to encase it; a
silly ballad is enacted by her into an im
rassloned love episode, that thrills you as
men were thrilled when Trilby sang "Au
Clalr de la Lune."
Of course the trolley system is a growing one. It
is destined to expand rapidjy in all thickly settled
parts of the country, and eventually there will be long
distance lines making rapid runs without stopping at
every crossing. Moreover, in the course of time, it
will be found profitable to combine various lines into
one general system, as was done with the old railway
lines, but even then the prosnects of their equaling
steam cars is very remote. We must be content for
some time yet with the smoking locomotive.
In reviewing the trip a writer notes that the party
that set out from Boston was not able to make the
entire journey by trolleys. They found four gaps in
the road; three they had to cross by railway trains
and one by carriages. In the course of the journey
they traveled on twenty-three different trolley lines, a
fact which shows that "combinations" have not yet
been formed in the trolley system. The whole of the
first day was occupied in going from Boston to
Springfield, the second day was employed in making
the run from Springfield to New Haven, and the
third day was required to complete the journey.
Of course the test was not a fair one in some ra
spects. The steam cars traversed a track designed
for the purpose of rapid transit between the two cities,
while the trolley cars ran along tracks designed for
suburban trave] only and which therefore do not con
stitute anything like a direct route. None the less ths
difference between the two systems is so great that it
is not all iikely we shall see at any time within a
mcasureable future an electric car system to take the
place of steam cars for any great distance.
The results must have been disappointing to all who
hx:ve had sanguine expectations of seeing steam cars
superseded by electricity for extended journeys in the
rear future. The trolley system is perhaps more fully
developed between New York and Boston than over
any similar area in the world. What has been accom
plished in th.2t section is therefore about the best thai
car. be done anywheie. Yet the trolleys there are
far from offering any suggestion of rivalry to the
railways. A passenger by steam cars can go from
Boston to Ne-.v York in six hours. The recent
pleasure-seekers were on the road three days, having
h.2d to spend the two intervening nights in hotels.
Counting only the time they were making headway
they were sixty hours en the road.
TROLLEY LINES VS. RAILROADS.
AMONG the recent ne-srs items that would prob
ably have attracted a good deai of public at
tention had it not been for the uproar 6f ths
political campaign was one recording the trip of a
number of pieasure-stekers from Boston to New York
by trolley lines. We have heard so much about the
extension of electric lines through the thickly settled
country berween the tvro cities that a good deal of in
ttrest would have been taken in this elaborate test of
their availability for long distance traveling.
SUNDAY OCTOBER 14, :*»
JOHN D. SrF.ECKELS, Proprietor.
t-zt'v.i f\ Ccrrrru- zitz-% ts W- S. LEAXE. t'srege-.
)IAS4RnR'» OFFICE Trlrphoar I»r^»» 2O4
FIBLJCATIOX OFriCR... Market and Third. S. F.
Tel^pljonr Vr+t* 501.
EDITORIAL DOOM< SIT to 221 SleTtniOB St.
Telephone Pre«« 2O3.
Delivered hj Cnrri-r*. IS Ont» Per Week.
?Inrl' foplr«. Ti <">nt".
T»rtri. br M«ll. InrladlOK Po«t«JTet
T>A-TZ-T OJ.^ <:v.-.;::f Ei-**r>. '-.-¦ 7^*r l*..V!
ZiAJir c/.;^ o=rf-K:rr *^zUri. « c^tt* »-«
I^a:LT C/UU <iz.'. l .zl'.zx St:s4»y>. 1 rscsriu 3-K
UArLT raTJTi Vt E:-e> U'.ctfc - Cc
ttr.vr.AT o.lz^ r~^ xtmr lfc *
~EEJd-T CAil. <rr- T~*r iM
ATI r'.tfcis»i< -• are aalborited to recelTe
• nbarrlptlons.
i-tKUM) OF"FIC-E IX1S Brosdwif
GEOROi: C. KKOGYE5S.
(Z*rzg ZSjr~±-r* "Z»'-z-*>".* 'Cwvrml Ztt.'"i
rnrrr to p.k ooRr.KHPOVi>r;.T:
C C CAHLTO\ Herald fqnare
yrtrrxr TCT.rT KEPEESE3CTA-TTVX:
STEPHEJ O. «MITH 3^» Trlbcne DnlldiDB
NTTT TCf-.K VFTT- KTANt).".:
Vxi.-ay E12 ;. .— _
rrrrcAOO n-kxvs exa^.-ts:
rti-rrraa Tim**. P O. r»»»s Co.; Gr«H Itcrttern HTtel;
rrr-s-rct llmat: Aiilv.r!^=; Held.
WA«ni\OTO\ T». C.» OFFICE. . . .14O« O «t- *•
JIOUTOS E. CTIA^E. rorrftpoiidfDt.
UnAKfTI OFFirri^ — 'jr. V.-r't-^-'n. mn*r cf CUr. r V^
cst:l i.V> o'clock. V*i H*/r». '->t, ts=tll *35 o'cJ^rk. «:
5*cAJ?:«t«-. <rp»= rstii »:S5 o*d->rk. CIS Larfcis, *;j><!-s tint!:
*-K -yciork. Midler,, '.-j^r. tr.2 10 c* clock- £2tl ilarf t.
ccner Rxt«*st!s. tt*c urr'l t o'clock. ICSi V»i»ic^. cpen
C£t2 » o'rlock. :'* mrrerrfc. -:;-»i ur.-.H J o'clock. NV.*. cct-
THE PASSING OF COMIC OPERA AND OTHER MATERS THEATRICAL.
BY L. DU PONT SYLE.
From whatever point the subject be viewed it pre
¦ sents more objectionable than attractive features. The
¦ ; proposed courts are unnecessary; they will be costly;
they will disturb the existing order of things and give
| rise to a scramble for the appointments which will al
j most certainly result in grave scandals. The people
should keep the scheme in mind and vote it down.
To. intelligent men it is hardly necessary to point
out that if the Governor be granted authority to name
cine Judges there will be strong pressure put upon
him to select men who will be agreeable to the rail
road or other corrupt powers in the State. Nor can
there be any doubt that the Judges thus appointed will
have an advantageous position from which to seek a
nomination from party conventions when the time
comes for the people to elect. We shall thus have an
evil influence exerted to get the appointments made,
and then a second exertion of the same malign fo-ce
to continue the appointees in ofnee.
In addition to the confusion the proposed courts
¦will bring- into the judicial system of the State, and the
increased taxation that will be necessary to support
them, there remains a further objection to the scheme.
Under the terms of the amendment the Judges are to
be appointed in the first instance by the Governor.
Thai feature of the plan is directly antagonistic to the
spirit of the people and the established system of
choosing Judges. It is the will and the custom of
Califomiaos to elect Judges by popular vote. We
have been electing Judges for years, and there is no
discontent with the practice. Why then, if we are to
have three new courts and nine new Judges, should
their selection be vested in the Governor?
Each of the proposed appellate courts is to consist
of three Judges, making nine in all; each will have a!i
the ofneers usual to such tribunals; each will have its
array of clerks, stenographers and other ernp!oyes oi
the kind, and all of these will have to be provided
with salaries £t the expense of the taxpayers. Why
should that additional burden be imposed upon the
people? What public purpose will the new courts
serve so beneficial as to compensate for the cost of
their maintenance? Why should xz increase taxes
merely to pay for something we do net need?
Amendments are designed to improve existing con
ditions. The proposed scheme does not amend in
the true sense of. the word. It mere';y alters the order
th2t row exists, and the alteration, so far from being
beneficial, w:ll be positively hurtful.
' determined by their ballots. One of the issues
J stands out distinct from the rest by the fact that from
' firit to last it has found hardly a single open and pub
he defender — not one of any eminence that we can re
; call. The issue having that bad distinction is the pro
posed amendment to the State constitution providing
for the reorganization of the Supreme Court and the
: creation of three appellate courts with jurisdiction in
; termedial£ between the Superior courts and the su
preme tribunal.
The :act that it nzs found no strong sepport at any
" time since it was brought fonrard is itself an evidence
'. of the essential weakness of the measure. Howerer,
' its condemnation does not depend upon negative evi
dence orJy. The scheme is harmful to the best inter
: ests ci our judicial system, and for a time at least will
ccuse a serious disturbance to our judicial machinery,
resulting in more or less confusion and entailing a
considerable increase of litigation until ai! questions
! concerning the scope of the new courts have been de
' termined by decision of the Supreme Court.
THE APPELLATE COURT SCHEME.
WE are drawing near the esd of the campaign.
Since it began there has been ample time for
a presentation to the people of every issue to be
terest than th- average man of the street. -The list
chosen is an honorable one, and the American people
zrt proud to have had such compatriots, bur :f the re
j mainiag names be selected on' the same principle the
] University of New York will have to publish a guids
book to its Hall. of Fame for the purpose of explain
ing to the public who the famous ones were.
THE SAX FKAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1900.
Sir Thomas Lipton is determined to win the
America cup even if he has to build a yacht on Ameri
can lines- But he will observe the proprieties far
enough to give the boat a British name.
26
f OMIC opera as a legitimate fora of
/ public ectertalsrneat is almost dead.
I Kalevy >-g« -assed away. Gilbert
V has grown old andyrich; these men
hare no successor*. What insults
the tense csfier the name of comic opera
hot is really nothing but stupid extrava
ganza^ wherein the "comedian" (shades of
Garrick, what a use of tfce wordt) holds
the first place asd the ballet the second.
Whenever the real conic operas, such as
"La Belle Hdeae" and "The Mikado."
are given they are stuffed with horseplay
and gags to suit the appetite of the many
headed monster of the pit. Some actors
of real ability, like Mr. Hartman. «ccoin
rnodate themselves to the change in pub- ;
ISc taste and earn handsome salaries by
fooling the public to the top of its beet;
others, like Edwin Stevens, abandon the
special department of their profession, for
¦which nature has fined them, and worJc
with less success In other lines.
Among the leading actresses we notice
Th^ railway from Coire, Switzerland, to
the Engadine will be completed la 1303. It3
present terminus is Tfcusis.
Special Information supplied dally ta
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Ailen*a>. 513 Mont-»
gemery st. Telephone Main 10C. •
CaL glace fruit 50c per R> at ToimseiuS's.*
AUCTION SALES.
r r.'.:*rr.\t: n«« T.xr\.*r.z»-V.'.r.l-cj . Ort.Vr II, Kvnei, at
Yi-%'. o'd'y-.k. tt 7T1 Ko*tr« street.
/Jhtrr.iT& — "Tt* Kaz. Frs=. Utr'.-M."
Orx i.t j zz. — V*.'j4 ev.Ue. V
Grar.2 Cj*r»-toct* — "1= Pwl'*"
> -...z _• — "TrVe Uu cf TtErnf»»."
©:>•»!..*. c.rwr Ma'OE iri Kiir •trwt»— Es^sJaltie*.
Ctutt*. Zoo til Ttxster— Tasfifrffls «very e-'tertooa and
rtMbet' *— Vm.u * f^rtZ.t.
Recr»*ii'-.a Parll — Ba»»fc£n.
ITaics OaaniLt Parfc— Cinrrtr.*.
FjLLtr:* JbtMitX. Oil FteJlcW Hi::— O-nz.1 oz*z'.zg Uoa-
Czt «*±*.
Ei>erTn».s — C.a.7 HaTl — Ctr.c«r". Taeitlar «*'»TtrJC. Ctetcbtr 15.
Excote:'^ Vj M«l.'» If'.^r.i— Pur^iar. Octvb-r ZL
SHOES • |
Iksss^i 00 en
\ * « * IjJUlwU s
I Keep Your Feet Dry I
J> Leather tanned with Viscol oil has a S>
71 -trorid-wlde reputation. The leatiia- be. *£
» tolutely waterproof ana yet as «©*? »r.d >^
« easy aa a tlove en the root. ir?n"a vi- it
V(e HaTe the YISGOL OIL For Sale I
| at 25c a bottle. |
Itl V"iw if
| cut the price to deaV them^u£* ***• ;; !
f B. KATCHINSKI,
: PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO. \\
JO Third St.. San Francisco. V>
AJSTJSEiLEITTS.Brotherhood Officers Reflected*
RICHMOND, Ya., Oct. 13.-To-day's
""'"" at iha : nnHr>nal_ftp^vf;n,flftn>jtf Qjg
thoritles, tho Papacy has virtually aban
doned Its claim that the Vatican Is an im
perium in lmperlo and that the authority
of the Government ceases on the thresh
old of the Vatican, within the precincts
of which the Pope is supreme In temporal
as well as ecclesiastical matters.
Should any anarchist be captured
within the walls of the Vatican, either
before or subsequent to an attempt on
the life of the Pope, th© pontifical au
thorities would necessarily bo compelled
to hand him ever to the Italian police, as
the pontifical courts, although- organized,
have never attempted to try criminal
cases since 1870, and could inflict no sen
tence entailing death or deprival of Jlb
erty. And this In itself would constitute
an admission of authority of the Italian
Government In and over the Vatican and
abandonment of papal pretensions to
temporal rights and an end to the claim
for extraterritoriality, . y/; :'.-.--
Merrily Going On
Is the bankrupt sale of shoes at 1506 Mar
ket street, To-morrow 1000 pairs of ladies'
shoes that cost 12 50 to $3 60 for only $1 a
pair. All will go at the bankrupt shoe
sale, 1506 Market street, above City Hall
avenue, •
. Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Oct. 13.— A special to the
Journal from Rome says: Consternation
prevails at tha Vatican, owing to warn
ings which have been received by means
of anonymous letters and through the po
lice, according to which Leo XIII is to be
the next victim of the anarchists, whose
avowed object In assassination is not so
much to avenge ¦wrongs as to strike terror
and consternation by the choice of the
personage murdered,
The burglary perpetrated last week In
the Pope's private apartments, where his
safe was "cracked" In the most approved
and up-to-date fashion during bis ab
sence, by burglars using American tools,
fcliowa that existing: safeguards are alto
gether inadequate for the protection of
the Holy Father,
It is in consequence of this that the
Vatican authorities have, for the first
time since 1S70 Invoked the assistance of
the Italian Government and have Invited
the old and trusted Police Commissary In
charge of .that district of Roma known
as the Leonine City to co-operate with
them ' In measures for increased security
of the venerable Pontiff,
This peril to which the Holy Father Is
exposed seems therefore destined to bring
about that which all previous negotiations
and statecraft have been Insufficient to
accomplish, namely, an understanding
between the church and state. For, by
ANARCHISTS PLOT TO KILL THE POPE
Alleged Consternation at the Vatican and
an Appeal to Police of Rome.
Brotherhood of St. Andrew was devoted
largely to the discussion of the council
report with reference to the rule of ser
vice. Action was postponed for a .year.
A new executive council was elected,
among the members being A. L». Fellows,
Denver; H. R. Bradon, Berkeley, Cal.,
and Frederick R. Powell, Seattle, The old
officers were re-elected.
PATRICK REFUSES TO
SURRENDER THE RICE WILL
It Will Be Many Days Before the
Courts Can Take "Op the
Question.
NEW YORK. Oct. 13.-Willlam H. Rice
Jr., nephew of tho late millionaire, visited
the Tombs to-day and demanded of Attor
ney Patrick that he produce the original
so-called second will. The attorney re
fused. . .
A young man who was accompanied by
a representative from Captain Baker's
law firm also demanded that Patrick show
him tho assignment whioh gives Patrick
absolute control of the Rice millions and
makes the first will Invalid.
"I Bhall not show it," said Patrick.
It will be forty-two days before the
courts can bo asked to take up the tan
gled matter of the two willa and the as
signment purporting to have been given to
Patrick, as the Rice heirs living outside
the State must be served with notice by
publication,
Too Many Chinese.
"WASHINGTON, Oct. 13.— Roger C.
Cluto and George Simpson, chairman and
secretary respectively of a committee ap
pointed by the Canadian Government to
investigate the subject of Chinese Immi
gration into Canada, called at the Treas
ury Department to-day and had a con
ference with Assistant Secretary " Taylor
and the officials of the immigration ser
vice. These gentlemen reported that' the
Canadian Government was: becoming con
cerned about the Immigration of Chinese
Into the Dominion, and had appointed
this commission to make an exhaustive
investigation and report their findings to
the Canadan Parliament.
It Is proposed tq erect an electric light
plant at Simla, the summer capital of In
dia. It Is In the foothtllB of the Himalay
as water and power is abundant. Kero-
MILWAUKEE. Oct. 13.-A colony of 500
Sicilians from New Orleans Is to leave
for Hawaii early In January under the
leadership of Father ICasca. an Italian
priest of this city. Tho colony will be in
the employ of an American company
which has large sugar plantations In the
Hawaiian islands. Th.e company will
build a church, school and h£m« for the
Sicilians.
OvertaQc tiree nioro people than over-
Tiork.
Will Settle in Hawaii-
VALUABLE COLLECTION FOB
PITTSBURG MUSEUM
Three Carloads of Specimens Collect
ed by Professor Hatcher Are
Now En Route.
PITTSBL'RG, Oct. 13.— Professor J. B.
Hatcher, curator oi paleontology In the
Pittsburg Museum, has just returned
from the West. Under his direction ex
tensive explorations were made by the
order of Dr. W. J. Holland, director of
the museum. In Utah, Wyoming, Colorado
and Nebraska. As a result three carloads
of material, weighing thirty tons, are on
their way to the museum. The collection
contains complete skeletons of the diplo
docus and the brontosaurus, monsters
about seventy feet long from the tip of
the noso to the end of the tall and stand-
Ing seventeen feet high at tho hips.
In the White River beds Immediate sttc
cess was achieved by the expedition. The
party recovered beautifully perfect skele
tons of the tltanotherlum, a beast nearly
as big as a mastodon, of tho acorathe
rium, of a hornless rhinoceros and of -the
excessively rare merycochoerus, of which
only a few fragments have, been hereto
fore known.
Friends of George von Meyer of Bos
ton Urging the President to
Select Him.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 13.— Tho appoint
ment of Embassador to Italy has not yet
been formally tendered ' to George von
Meyer of Boston, Mass.. but it will be
offered to him soon. Mr. Meyer is In
dorsed by the entire Massachusetts dele
gation and has other Influential friends
who* have urged the President to tender
him the honor. He la wealthy and is re
garded here as one of the leading men In .
Massachusetts, and his friends say his
appointment as Mr. Draper's successor
will be an admirable one in all respects.
Steel Works Close.
CHICAGO, Oct. 13.— Tho converting and
finishing departments of the Mlinols Steel
Works at South Chicago were closed down
to-day. 2500 men being thrown out of em
ployment. It Is announced by the officers
of the company that the shutdown Is only
temporary and that work will be resumed
in about two weeks.
» ¦•
Steel Mills Close.
LORAINE, Ohio, Oct. 13.— The Loraine
plant of the Federal Steel Company was
closed to-night, throwing 3000 men out of
employment. It Is said the shutdown will
be for only about two weeks, but, as or
ders are light, the men believe the mills
will be idle until after election.
Tale Defeats Dartmouth.
NEWTON, Mass., Oct. 13.— Yale de
feated Dartmouth, 17 to 0. this afternoon
at Newton Center In a hard-fought con-
test The gam« was witnessed by near
ly 4000 persons and was one of the- best
played In this vicinity this season. Dart
mouth, played a. pretty game and con
tested every point. The Hanover men
were by far the lighter team and Yal«
was able to Imp through their line tima
and acaln.
GAINS AND LOSSES
TN ENGLAND BALANCE
Respective Strength of the Parties in
Parliament Will Probably Be
the Same as at Dissolution.
LONDON,- Oct. 13.— The only election re
turns received to-night are those received
from Crewe and Invernesshire. Both^show
Liberal gains. The Ministerialists * have
thus far elected 398 of their candidates,
while the opposition has elected 258. The
gains and losses now exactly balance,
making the respective strength of the
parties the same as it was at the dissolu
tion, which result Is not likely to be ma
terially changed by the returns from the
thirteen constituencies, where the results
are not known.
The most interesting result to-day was
at Newmarket, where Colonel Harry Mc-
Calmont (the well-known sportsman and
former owner of the fine steam yacht Gi
ralda), who is fighting in South Africa,
defeated Charles E>ay Rose, who was at
one time a prospective challenger for the
America's cup with a yacnt to be named
the Distant Shore, and who is now in
South Africa visiting the graves of his
two sons, killed during the war.
JAMES I*. RANKIN IS
ACCIDENTALLY KILLED
PITTSBURG, Oct. 13.— James L. Ran
kln, prominent in the American Tlnplate
Company, was instantly killed to-night
by a Monongahela traction car while rid
ing his horse along Forbes avenue. It ap
pears that he was riding on the wrong
side of the street and was caught between
the car and the sidewalk. The horse
backed in front of the rapidly moving car
and both horse and rider were instantly
killed.
Rally at St. Joseph.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo.. Oct. 13.— Governor L,.
M. Shaw of Iowa was the principal speak
er here to-night in a big Republican rally
at Columbian Hall. He touched on all
phases of the political issues, speaking for
more than two hours. He laid special
stress on the prosperous condition of
American finances, loaning money, as we
are, to foreign countries, and contrasting
conditions five years ago, when the Gov
ernment was a borrower.
Hanna Talks of the Strike.
CHICAGO, Oct. 13.— During a political
meeting to-night at which Senator Hapna
was the principal speaker one of the audi
ence asked him- "How about the Penn
sylvania strike?"
""It will be settled to-morrow," was the
reply. Senator Hanna also declared prac
tically that his efforts were largely re
sponsible for the concessions made to the
men by the coal mine operators.
Registration in New York.
NEW YORK. Oct. 13.— The total official
figures of the first day's registration In
Greater New York are as follows: Man
hattan and the Bronx, 144,365; borough of
Brooklyn, 92,433; borough of Queens, 10,
297; borougrh of Richmond. 4757, making a
grand total of 251,852. The above figures
give an Increase In Manhattan and the
Bronx and Brooklyn of 755rover the first
day's registration of 1836. The figures in
the other two boroughs for 1896 aro not
obtainable.
INTERNATIONAL
RACE TO POLE
Expedition Is Also Being
Planned by Nansen and
Louis of Savoy.
Zeigler Says He Is Confident That
Baldwin Will Succeed in Going
Further North Than Any
Other Explorer.
• - ¦ . . ¦ . . ¦ ¦ ¦sy.- ; :'.::Ji ¦¦¦:¦¦¦ * -¦'- ':¦-- •
THE SA1ST FRANCISCO CAXiL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 34, 1900.
27
MAY BE APPOINTED
EM3AS&AJX)R TO ITALY
NEW YORK, Oct. 13.— It Is to be an in
ternational race to the north pole. On two
sides of the globe preparations axe now
being made for the dash farthest north,
and if American pluck, enterprise, energy
and money can do it the stars and stripes
will be carried to the highest latitude yet
attained by man.
Lieutenant Kotert E. Peary, carrying
the American colors, is still in the frozen
north, where he has been for two years.
Without waiting for his return or to learn
what he has accomplished Evelyn B.
Baldwin, an explorer, and William Zieg
ier, a New York millionaire, are titling up
an expedition which they declare will sur
pass in point of equipment, number oi men
and resources all ot its predecessors an»l
which they say will reach the pole if it
is within the range of human possibility.
In Europe Dr. Kridtjof Nansen, the Nor
wegian explorer, and the adventurous
Italian, Prince Lrouis of Savoy, LHike of
Abruzzi, have united to form a joint ex
pedition. Thus the Hags of Norway and
Italy will compete with that of the United
States lor the honor of first reaching the
pole. Both expeditions are planned to
start earjy in 1901, and both will b©
manned by men who love adventure and
who have experienced the hardships of
Arctic %v!nters.
"I have told Mr. Baldwin to carry the
stars and stripes to the north polo or
never show his face in New York again,"
said William Zeigler to-day. "1 have
studied his plan and I believe it is feasi
ble. I shall back him with any amount he
requires. I do not care how much it is.
"My only purpose in this matter is to
have the American flag placed at the
north pole before any Italian or Norwe
gian gets there. T generally succeed in.
things that I undertake, and I intend to
succeed in this. I haven't the least Idea
how much it will cost, but whatever it is
I shall provide that amount."
"Our party will probably be the largest
ever sent into extreme latitudes," • said
Mr. Baldwin. "It will embrace experts in
geographical charting, photography and
art work, geology, zoology, botany and
meteorology. In the last named branch
I propose caixyine on observations with
the latest modern appliances and shall pay
special attention to upper currents of air."
Mr. Baldwin was asked at this point if
he contemplated the use of balloons. He
hesitated and asked to be excused from
giving his plans with any greater detail
at present.
"I will say, however," he added, "that
wo propose to avail ourselves of all that
has been found of value by other explor
ers."
Mr. Baldwin, who accompanied the
Peary expedition of 1S93-94 as meteorolo
gist, said that he would not be surprised
to hear of his former chiefs return any
day.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The beat «vldenc« of th* popularity of
tfcet« hotels can be found In th* conttnaed
patronage ot those who on tome previous
occasion bava made them their head*
quarter* wb«n visiting San Francisco.
Connected by a covered passageway and
operated under one management on ta*
American and European plan.
PALACE AND
GRAND HOTELS
Dr. Bennett's Electric Belt
Hakes weak men and women atrone and strong
men and womeq atroncer. Rooms S aaA «. %l
£osjt sty §*n, Fraaclscat Ca^ --^»- .
ADVERTISEMENTS^ , ww>_^_^_^-
Silk Embroidered Henriettas
For Fancy Waists
Our new shipment of Silk Embroidered Henriettas, which
we show for the first time this week, includes about 25
different shades. The colorings and patterns are very
pretty irideed, and we have marked them at a price that
oughttomakethemeven more attractive. These materials
are so popular for fancy waists that we make them a special
feature for this week. You certainly ousht to see them.
New Dress Goods.
Camelshair Homespun. Fancy Zibaline Plaids.
A nice heavy quality, suitable for For waists and children's school
tailor-made dresses; all pure wool dresses: very neat styles and service-
and 42 inches wide; colors— new a bl e colorings, such as brown, new
blue, autumn brown, red and creen. blue, moss preen, purple, etc.. com-
in two or three shades of each, also bined with black: 38 inches wide, all
navy and black. Recular 75c qualit\ . woo! : you pav 40 and 50 cents for no
This Week 48c Yard better 1OV
Imported Redfern This week 25c Yard
Suitings.
Genuine imported 'Redfern tailor French Habit Cloth.
suitings, strictly all wool full 46 52 i nc h cs wide: strictly all wool: in
inches wide; in the newest shades 01 bJ £ k j warranted a perfectly fast
modes, derby brown Russian blue. color; QQlXx firi , h . „£ for /
etc with invisible white stripe ef- ate skirt Fton shirt
fects. The regular $1.23 (trade. Five ctc The usual 8^c clothe
yards of this material make a suit — ¦
Only 75c Yard This Week 50c Yard
Domestic Department.
Pillow Cases. Table Linens.
A large assortment direct from the The manufacturers have shipped to
mills, hemstitched, 45 by 36 inches. us from Belfast— where all cood
made from Rood, heavy undressed linens come from— a number of sam-
muslin; guaranteed to wear— pie pieces of ;o-inch table linen. The
Only I 2^c Each ot * s limited and cannot last longer
than one or two days. At the pries
Y\t\r\r Tntvpl - lt is a grcat chance to E et Irish linens
IlUCtv lOWeh. a n( i those who come early profit by
Direct from the manufacturers in it —
Belfast, Ireland, 20 by 42 inches; an Only 35c Yard
extra large heavy towel, hemmed California Wool
and all ready for use — .
Special This Week I GHc Blankets.
Our supply of California wool
Silkoline Comforters. blankets is the largest and best that
, T , , . . , we have ever shown. We teel. too.
We have just made a special pur- that we have bo ht thJ3 $on ' $
chase of extra fine lanre silkoline stock at closer ices than we hav
comforters ] for double beds. They ever et s€Cure d. We select one lot
are filled with pure white cotton are which we con5ider extra cood va i ue>
well tufted with zephyr and make a This blanket we , vou]d ]ike to h
warm bed covering. vnn .. Snefiil for this wppI-'
Special This Week S 1.85 Each > oa see b P eaal per Pair $4.00
Stamping done free on ali goods bought at our stores. Samples
cheerfully sent by mail. Free delivery in city and bay towns.
. '--... HOUSE nJBNISHINGS. ' -
* Prices are marked in plain figures— Parlor
Pieces, Library, Hall, Bedroom and Dining-room Furniture. You can call a salesman or you
may examine the line yourself. COMPARE ! Not only pries?, but quality and workman-
ship. Don't buy blindly— the day for extravagant prices for furniture is past. COMPARE !
On thousands of articles we save you from JO per cent to 33 per cent.
m ¦ « t-^« '-^ - Pattosien's Attractive Store.
THF PATTHQIPN -^A CO!". 16th and See the Tea Garden.:^
1 * * 1— 1^ t\ 1 1 \J *DlL*m 1^ V-«V/«f; JYlisS ion Streets Zee the Furnished Rooms. ?. '
Are doing a wonderful business in Drapery Fabrics and Lace Curtains. An Imrorter's and a Manufacturer's '-surplus
stocks are now on sah AT PRICES NOT OBTAINABLE ELSEWHERE. COMPARE ! We invite comparisbh^-it's
your only safe guide. See the Fine Damask and Silk Bro:atelle Draperies. No other.store in the city can even attempt to
give bargains lik» we offer in Drapery Stu'f s — Furniture, Rugs and Carpets. ."
$9.00 &> <&fl&¥ri^\ FINE PARLOR ROCKERS
Worth 012.00 '^ HUll
HARDWOOD k/^^f^^^^^%\ ' ¦¦ WT^lr $9
r-^4 fV. /<<^Vrl\ \ PATTOSIEN'S y | la , S i|l||li-a»i^J:
J / •'/,/ DhT^yu^i^Al^ r n i|_,i.. jC«»i»I«« / k ' 1 I &, W * , ¦ This fine Parlor or Library Rocker has tap-
A '^Ey^'"^-.... ';!'J //H/^VV V \ tS(llll3ieS» nd 53niDlBS /jl^v 'I " <> estr y covered seat and back, high arms.
h" ""' " ~"' \\ll I ' \ V \ r sujr Im I polished by hand, a good, strong-, durable
(( Hi 1 / s N » \ rurnisned Pree. f^^^JL^—sa*^^^" - r(y * er - Regular price, m. &u e <?q i\c\
\\ I // / I \ 'Km^^ j I" i i ¦'IJ. i "^ _ Price *fJU»\J\J
PATENT BOX COUCHES ' + I ms 8 MATTRESSES FOR
All -n:e afk Is that you compare our patent VV/UVN v5/\L»Cl. . If £>~— ~ • fQ i £l \"*4f /jf'v^i^O^S^^V
I- x couch \v:th th* old-fashioned courhes sold x»«.» /-«..«v . «^«^«». v iJi • 19^" tT \lrf<»— tXiwW/YT^^jIv
at other Btona. You need not even lay aside , Neat Caches, pondola shape. goWeri. oak X&fi^ Jj^r^J^rf^SS^)
y-jur prejudices. Push the couch aeain^t the {^XJ^V^ X£% ? lstered !n »^^ed colors of 1000 DAPI AP TARIF:<2 _—^JvSi U^Uj&£l£~
v-all dndV-e how easily a child caa rai.e the elour-Sale price $12 OO *"«JU HAKLUK lAtJLtlCS. fK^^*®?^!
Vri «™- «« ««. asaai,» ani&*.*~..^ sis.oo SS^^sloo
BRASS AND ENAMEL BEDS. I \rU /PITDTAIMC
a^g^- is , LAV-.C v^UKlAIlN^
ft|ff|-j j t^i^HrJ i^m /$ and Elastic Felt Mattresses.
i L^L-^is? _1:J ±\ — . /"'"!», O f^^S^-^?^ • H^P^AVV We guarantee to save you five dollars on each
<X "' ii_»_^ i *^.'tVpi=— —^* ii^C»HS?!>^_« . Jt *^ m. **"**• W A Mattress purchaseJ. We guarantee that It Is
i 3 *1 \ W i-fy ii U TI r *ms\ e~~Vzx5&UvWi*~ rt?tT , m . -__ as good as. If not better than, the so-called
& 'i %r " I/''**-*'* :!^*X\S^~&-//<L^^ PTTDT'ATKT ratent electric felt mattress sold at fifteen dol-
\%^=3^^ TFfPgj^ l^^^^^W/^^^^^^W UK1A1W irel S^Vt t b i |rece^rb d y1nlsVld 1^^r:
— —^ 't1*n"ffri w BARGAINS «" m £ u pM e maEazlnes- see our m3ttres3
V TT^Trrrr-r^Jkxl- tV tttS S^^^tf^rM^^ > ~~~"" the other sizes at less. .
Items t0 Be Closed Out Thls Week; r^3h«v.d^v.v"^v^-:: *g:g
v "**l * w[ * f&ryfi$FffSiX IIP I IMf ii/nt-« • * feet 6 Inches wide, 45 pounds .'.'.'.'. laloo
WxStbPyf HrAVY lAir AiutetsmchMion?.
TMs Erarr.elca Bed Is the newest design mads £»\ Ki yStZ' lll^rl I 1 Lj fl \J J_« •m-mn vt\f\ frt inpnnniA
tor th is Jails tra^e. It can be had In almost «v3\r & mATTwE \\C\ QFlfl P I- M H I f J II
.ry Is omameewfi with fcraw rods and PIinTAIMO ATinTAIMO • IVIA I I IICOOLO dU DCUUIllOi
tte»: Is strensr. durable and handsome. >L. •.«.'/; K /) MV S I I I K I A I IM X
r^s--lar price $12 CO— our rrtce CIA f\(\ S? !?*-.# V> U I 1 I AMllUt V> U Fl I MlliOi Our Special 40-lb Hair Mattress $12.00
«J>'v/»Wf ???Si t*f .„ «, ». Excelsior Mattresses with white cotton
2SS£&&£^%ttit #?'• Is^3vH3 *»0" P^s of Lace Curtains wiilbe closed p^~^!\|||= <<">
"*"*" ,T"i , I,, W^?- iS -" r S4.75 out at less than cost. Sams fine bargans. „„;-¦, - = .- sSo ; •;,-,;;;;;¦¦;,,•; ««
¦ ->£f3r' \>5l \aiL TK*I^LT^rT!jSr^ 'ULi H. '' " • ***'i\ •-¦-¦¦¦¦¦¦•¦¦••¦ - jj I^ac« Curtains, new patterns, fine quality — some box springs, cleaner than any
*'^>S ri tC*ywrr''i ( t\BiP^ f^KW^I n& £S\ < * h?i\ * 7E0 Reversible Oriental will be closed out In this sale. <£ | PZ(\ box spring, and sells for 4.50
!^SXT^SWP^»TO Ya« * *'' &Ll\\ * l I* ct . B Ki ln Ortle 5^- frl^ g^ apalr OleOU A n ew line of vhtte cotton filled Com-
1 Tvl/vT rx Jf Vvl/Y t\ ! "T VO 7t mt'\ ¦ ~"' n this eale CR ill! fort* for i an
I"V..i£> laEf QrQ l^iOJ- -ty&¥» ' l l>f I ' —a pair OOeUli J5 Lace Curtains, new patterns, fine quality— Iorw Ior A-ou
«2J^"&kJrW#WM' ; ft1 ll . j'^jVXy 1 SpcciaI reductions on ?^v^;S^-^--~? i $3-5O Our New and Handsome Low-Priced
HPIf f F^ 1* *ihlL SiIk Portieres. Velour \% Irish Points. 60 Inches wide, fine quality, HI! UTATTDO
UIvlLiLiCO )-'mM Portieres, Tapestry and new fattems-wui be closed out «:cr c-^ I! I HtA I LliiSi
TnRFnfKFnnilTATIFSSTHAHCOST Oriental Curtains. All »» thu «ie. a pair OO.OU UIL IIL.HI6.liUl
! J DC LLUOtU UUI A I LCii I HAW L-UOl. tn he r1n<;erf nut at a «» R««» Brussels Lac« Curtains, Hne new pat- , t-3S^~=^Sg=^--^S^r:— ¦ -=H
nc-V iTirt Mihniranv-AH <;i7fi«! 4- v. • clO5ea oul at a terns— will be closed out In this C« FZf\ W E PAT ¦ — ~
oas ana manogany— aii sizes, X, 5^** 1 *! bargain. sale, a pair ., O*3«OU t^^ i~^fe^~3^
to Fit Any Size Opening. 3
ilia ZZEEEEEEim DRAPERY FABRIC .BARGAINS, mm
fof niivr tariff 20,000 Yards at 33lc on the-DolIar and Less. . q j rn V''^9> / J
hULUmU I ADLC& Imported French Art Fabrics— Silk Tapestries— Imported Rich Figured UT"l0U J\S]=iS '«?&\J 1
l^^aS' v't5U« Velours — All Silk Moires — Imported Figured Moquettes— Oriental Tapestries. m [j|fi 1
k^£i*=-rr J rrj { \\ Aleo a complete as- All colors— hundreds of patterns for Furniture Coverings and Draperies. , . can f* . ;\f^^^^^v?^S ,1
P .ortmeat In square, . rUn for abOUt •t\^^^^^^^ (Hi
>« '<>' i i ) 1 1 round and ©blor.ff C T f^. "P"R'C'V > PT : T DRAPFRTF9 9RC _ op-o S)l\!^ 5 e^H€.^^ i^M M
¦2 -¦ J ehar». and In birch. rKti\Ln UK.s\r'X^rLLr.^ CO P? PER %VJMSpQ^d T*g«ilk U
n*^ .- ' i\ ' • ', birJseye xnaple, oak, iii /> __ rnrvrTT rvn ATJT'nTr'c CAP •-'V 1JAY I y'liigj^^sya \ fc
i^J-li ma hopany. green cloth A $1-50 FRE!\ CH DRAPERIES 50° mWl&SJh P
t \ i^cyfJ^mn )f, aa 4 leatherette. fill » ,^, nT . . _. T^ Tr^- -tr-n crhP&lsziSvF ,\ , =3 W
iJ^^r-yrC^ai Different Bhai>es and _ n . . S2.OO FRE\CH DRAPERIES 75 C NO SOOT! K/Sf?=~^ \^h\ MS
. rtyles to select from. K|J InCllBS Q-» rm T7P TT VP PT T\Tf A PITT? TTT^ <CinH NO SMOKE! V^^T^sV^ 1/S
WF DFDAID lliuiico $3.00 FRENCH DRAPERIES ...$1.00 x0 smelli 'i^E^k P l' P
WC KCKAIK uijjg $4.00 FRENCH DRAPERIES $1.50 *° ASHES!
Ard Ee^olstsr P a rl.r Furiutoe. Eiimaiei " "** § FRENCH DRAPERIES $2.00 w. w, other pfc our cata-
FurfllSteQ v>) v logue. It tells all about them.
'^^^^^^^m DISP flyH PfiODCT DflOf^SIISOf made-up carpet
:aJ^^^^^Q|| fiyy l\fiU uMHi 1 1 Onsiyniild b rugs -
' ' "^VrfiK-rkv t From remnants and odd pieces of carpets and
|-Vr^5Q* *SC^»!&H» * . *R-«.**-.1«»t^ ARLINGTON RUGS borders. Some of the finest carpets made-30
l&mfifr DrOmlCV S rVCVI-XINVJ 1 X^LJVJTO. of lhem i Wow we quote a few of the prices:
:§££&! *?S. CS^^Bia T-» #f 1 T^ l2KB Z fe«>t *4O C OO Xiimt R'VWMi Tapestry Brussels-6x6.6 feet 9«.75
S^ X wskii Reversible Ru^s. ...940.00 w.exs.s feet...?^.oo try vmssels _ 1Ox^ feet n<75
-r'.Tvj'. *&& W&M\ l\tVUOlUit XXU^O* nAMTCT , T3TT/-C Tapestry Br JS sels-10.6 X 12 feet 10.25
"«S2> Jpttt'T* ElM. I>ric». Sire. Prlc-. U/\iN 1 OU KULrO, Velvets-llxS.3 feet 13JJO
'^S^ji 44S3%&i£^*r'W ! k l }r Sxl2 i^ ei ?11.3O 6x9 feet ?3.t»O Flze. Price. PIze. Price. Velvets— S.CxB feet S.75
%&a&2i y X^T^^ftv'? E.exlO.C fe-et ?*i.r,O 12x0 feet ?1OX.O fix3 fe<-t »1.7,"i AMnlnstcrs— 9x6 feet J».2,"»
P^fa- tOO Smyrna Hup,. 6 feet lon^ by 3 reet wld.. IsiTS mj fee! ' Axmlnsters-lO.CxS 3 feet 15.50
MM V, SSli*' both sMesaH.ee «3^ ™° gjj S^i^.^t:""-::\":"\^
WggL V -JpSffli ?^TC»?SJiSS^^b?gg LARGE WILTON RUGS B-e, B -i.. 6jW . 5 f.,.: i^«
;^^^MB^ "^SMYRNA RUGS' - " rse """vl CARPET BARGAINS.
- ¦qWi^ :f P&2*?>Zr't^t i -?£s5' $ JlUllUXn. lVVJVJ^. ]2x9 fept S«:i.-;.«M) 0x6 feet $20.00. Bjtra Fine Asmlnsters 91.OO
J _f~j T'llJIHJijl'l'lJIIlim I Qj . NEW DKFIGSS. WOOL FACE. 10.6x8.8 feet !?2S.OO Attractive Velvet Carpets IM>e
P^lllllllf nSrJ H H« SSS LINOLEUM.
ti -1™""™ "ri'iPk 10.6x7.6 feet f 1425 B<iaape yard, handsome designs 5Oe designs 7Oc
ADVERTISEMENTS.
715 Market St. S.F. | Shattnck Ar, Berkeley
9th A Waa'hhi. Oak Central Ave, Alaineda
7th & Wood. Oak. | 53 1st Street, San Joae.
Creamery Butter
Point Eeyn or en nor** t-n
Hmnboi-it square 3^0
Creameries. Ustial cood quality.
Honday and Tuesday.
Eastern Cream Cheese
Made in New York .rvsMirir) t er*
State. Rich and pOUnO.I5C
creamy.
New Walnuts 2 lbs. 25c
Extra fancy. Paper shell.
Fancy Moorpark Apricots
bright fruit. 3 1 " S * 2 5 C
Java and Mocha Coffee
Straight blend. -r\nn n A O rr»
Monday and Tue3dayP otinc * S^C
New Sugar Cora
3 cans 35c
Duffy's Malt Whiskey J
Fo* medicinal use. bottle 75C
Bumgardner Rye Whiskey
Distilled 1337, ' h ft f r U oce
Bottled at DOtUC CJjC
Distillery. Beg. *1.25.
Pure Grape Brandy
r, Vintage, *T »r-
Helena gailOU t>I./5
Vineyard. Regular $3,00.
McBrayer's Whiskey
Straight Ken- tf« «-
tncky Bonrton. gailOU ?2./^
The favorite of all American
WnisMes. Regular $4.00,
Posthorn Gin bottle 1 1.30
Straight Holland. Large edza,
Crystal clear. Put up in whita
glass bottle. Regular 41.73,
Baldwin Brandy ' bot. 85c
Lucky Baldwin's prido product.'
18S3 Vintage. Bottled at Baldwin's
ranch.
Port or Sherry Wine
LosCerritosVia*- era linn Act*
;< yard. Beg. 73c gallon 45C
Monday and Tuesday.
PALACE AND
GRAND HOTELS
The beat «vldenc« of th* popularity of
theM hotels can be found In th* continued
patronage of those who on seme previous
occasion bava made them their head*
ouartera wh«n visiting San Francisco.
Connected by a. covered passageway and
operated under one management on ta*
American and European plan.
Dr. Bennett's Electric Belt
Makes weak men and women strong and strong
men and women stroncer. Rooms a aaA «. •]
Tost St., fian. rraaclsca, "gal, --^»- .
/&£!g$\ the Latest j
Novelties in I
MW%M id
s§f i Garments
liidudirff MTTFFS. NECK BOAS, I
SCARFS. FUR HATS, eta. at I
REASONABLE PHICES. I
Repairing, Dyeing ana Dressing at I
Short Notice. j
AD.K0C0URJ2I Post St /
(Don't Mistake the Number.) 1
Rooms 7 to ii. over O'Connor. \
Moffatt & Co.'s. Phone Black .374.1 I
I r % 8 ¦- fro* 1 * the horrors of I
1 n Hill Dyspepsia and the I
1 \k "*W?Wi i ntens ifi e d horrors of |
1 Insomnia by taking I
I Tofrnson*s Dl*y£s.iJv^ 1
¦ SAMPLE 6ENT ON #%***** |9\SAA 9 A^^vdU TV |
|j APPLICATION TO W |
§ Brunswick: *T* '-4^4- j_ /l^ t< \ I
I Pharmacal Co., 1 aDiCTS ( MT3,POta>S ) 1
B HCTrBtttBiwlck,N.J. . \ * IA Successful Sale.
To-morrow C. T. Spencer, grand record
er of the Ancient Order of United Work
men, will send to the grand recorder of
the jurisdiction of Texas California's sec
ond contribution of $500 for the relief of
members of the order who are in distress
in Galvrston by reason of the recent
storm. The first contribution. Bent by tel
egraph shortly after the disaster, was the
first money received from a fraternal or
ganization' for the relief of its members.
A Second Contribution.
I, the undersigned, assignee for the Bos
ton Shoe Company, having received from
Chicago a stock of clothing for men, con
sisting of suits and overcoats, and not
having any room for the c-ame, will sell to
morrow at retail 500 suits for $7 50 a suit.
Mind you, thes? are tailor-made, in fine
imported fabrics, silk-lined suits, that
cost from $15 to $30. Will be sold at the
Boston Shoe Company, 775 Market street,
near Fourth. * P. C. KELLY,
? Assignee.
Solving a Problem.
Mr. and Mrs. Grorge Sturtevant enter
tained a number of their friends last even
ing at a card party at their home on Post
street. Six-handed euchre was the game
played and after a sufficient number of
games refreshments were served.
Frank T. Barlow and Miss Mary C.
Ruppert will be married at .St. Joseph'a
Church next Monday morning at S:30
o'clock. The bride-elect Is the daughter of
Mrs. Kate Ruppert of Alameda Point and
is well known in religious and charitable
circles.
Mr. and Mrs. A. S. Barbor celebrated
the twentieth anniversary of their wed
ding last evening at their home, 2101 Jack
son street. There was a large gathering
of friends and the time was passed in an
enjoyable manner.
ALAMEDA, Oct. 13.— Mr. and Mrs.
George H. Mastick gave a dinner last
evening In the red room of the Bohemian
Club, San Francisco, in honor of the six
teenth birthday anniversary of their
daughter. Miss Winifred Mastick. There
were fourteen at tho table, including Mr.
and Mrs. Mastick, six boys and girls, as
follows: The Misses Winifred Mastick,
Lillian Kindred, Helen Krauth, Marguer
ite Horr, Marion Kirby, Ethel Outcalt;
Masters Alan Sullivan, Gerald Anthony,
Lawrence Rank, Cecil Wright, McKee
Sherrard and Harvey C. Wright. After
the dinner the young people, chaperoned
by Mrs. Mastick, formed a theater party
and attended one of the local playhouses.
Alameda Society News.
Father Mathew Celebration.
The League of the Cross Is making ac
tive preparations for a celebration, to be
held in Mechanics' Pavilion Sunday after
noon, October 28, in honor of the birthday
of Father Mathew. The First Regiment,
League of the Cross Cadets, and thou
sands of junior members will -be present.
Many temperance and patriotic hymns
will be sung by the chorus, which will
consist of sevral thousand members of
the league. , The principal address will be
delivered by Right Rev. George Mont
gomery, the founder of the league in San
Francisco. There will also be short ad
dresses by other well-known speakers. A
nominal admission fee will be charged to
those who are not members of the league.
Knights of Honor.
Grand Dictator Archibald has returned
from a trip In the southern part of the
State. At San Diego the lodge there
initiated forty-one candidates and as •••
token of its admiration of the visitor pre
sented him a magnificent robe of silk and
satin, to be used duiing the initiatory
ceremonies.
In Los Angeles the lodges there have
admitted forty-two members by initiation
in the past three months.
There is a class of twelve strangers to
be initiated in Vallejo.
THESE MAY ALSO COME TRUE.
Some Predictions for the Year 1901
Made by Moore, the London Al
manac Maker.
In his London almanac for 1000 "Old
Moore" predicted more than one great
war, the assassination of a monarch and
a terrible famine in India, and as all these
predictions proved true many persons, not
only in Europe, but also in this country,
have been for some time curious to know
what kind of predictions he would make
in his almanac for 1901. Their curiosity
can now be satisfied, for his tlmanac for
the coming year has just appeared.
Here are the principal predictions In it:
In January there will be a formidable ag
itation in France and a severe attack will
bq made upon the republic.
In February and March most notable
events will take place in the extreme
East, and India will threaten to rise up
against British dominion.
Though there will be trouble In various
quarters during the entire year, April will
be a comparatively quiet month.
In May Ireland will follow the example
of India and' will' rebel against England.
In June the anarchists will again come
to the front and will give the world much
to talk about. During the same month
the young Kingof Spain will be in danger
from his political enemies, and he is cau
tioned to guard against them.
July will be a month of catastrophes,
the whole world being threatened at this
time with misfortunes of various kinds.
Those who are planning to take a journey
during this month will do well to remain
at home.
August will be comparatively quiet.
During September India will again suf
fer terribly from famine.
During October the dervishes will start
an apritntion, which may attain formidable
proportions. «
In November the kingdom of Holland
will attract attention by its dangerous
and novel diplomatic policy, and tho
statesmen in the various foreign offices
will have to exercise all their skill If they
would avoid a conflict.
In December there will be insurrections,
revolts and strikes in various quarters of
the globe. As a rule they may not be of
groat Importance, yet they will occur at
this time, and they will be the striking
features of the month.
As will bo seen. "Old Moore's",predic
tions • for 1901 are startling-, to say tho
least. His statement in regard to Holland
is especially curious, and many persons
are puzzling their brains to discover how
this little kingdom can over manage to
attract attention by a "dangerous and
novel diplomatic policy" which will cause
European statesmen to He ' awake at
night.— Chicago Times-Herald.
Masqnic Veterans.
At the annual election by the members
of the Masonic Veteran Association tha
following named were elected officers for
the current term: "W. Hy. Fairfax Wil
liams, P. M., of San Francisco, grand
president; William January. P. M., deputy
Krand president; W. William S. Londen,
P. S., first grand vice president. M. W.;
Edward M. Preston, P. G. M., second
grand vice president. Other vice presi
dents: M. W. Jacob Mayer, thirty-third
degree. P. G. M.. Portland. Or.: W. Elmer
D. Olmstead, thirty-third degree, P. M.,
Spokane, Wash.; M. W. Albert Lackey.
P. G. M.. Gold Hill, New; M. W. Corne
lius Hedges, thirty-third degree. P. G.
M., Helena. Mont.: M. W. Jonas W
Brown, P. G. M., Boise City, Idaho: M
W. Lawrence N. Grcenleaf, thirty-third
degree, P. G. M.' Denver, Colo.; M. \V.
Frank M. Foote. thirty-third degree
P. G. M., Evanston, Wyo.; M. TV Sam
uel Paul, P. G. M.. Salt Lake City," Utah
¥\ W -£ eI U? m J& TI , tus V, P * G - M - Clifton".
Ariz.; M. W. Charles Bowmer, P. G Jl
Lucero. N. M.; \V. Herbert H. Williams'
thirty-third degree. P. M., Hono
lulu. H. I.; W. James. 1^ Cogs
well, P. M. (pro tern.). Sitka. Alaska;
General Robert Hall, thirty-third decree
II. S. A. (pro tfm.>. Manila. P. I.; m w'
Ell Harrison, P. G. M.. Victoria B c"
M. W. Porftrio Diaz, thirty-third degree'
P. G. M. (President), of the City of Mex
ico. Mexico; M. W. Ed A. Sherman, thir
ty-third degree, R. V. grand sccretarV Cl
years*, of Oakland Cal.; M. W. James L
Cogswell. P. AI.. R. V. grand treasurer of
San Francisco. Cal.: Joseph II Whyte
P. G O K.V. grand chaplain, of Oak
land, Cal.: M. W. Hiram N. Rucker
thirtieth dfgrov. P. G. M.. R V cr -nd
orator, of Oakland. Cal.; M. W I-ewisA
Spitzer. R: V. grand marshal, of San Jose',
Cal.; M. W. J. T. Apperson. P. M R'V
grand standard bearer, of Orecon oitv*
Or.; Henry S. Lubbock. second %Smi
standard bearer, of Alameda. Cat • Samuel
V V i'' thirty-third degree, third I |?knd
standard bearer, of San Francisco r--»i •
W. William Sutton. P. M? of Pa^tflr
Grove, Cal.. and W. George E Kenn-dv
P. M., of LJvermore. Cal.. grand stewards-'
W. Charles W. Mitchell? P. J * o W ? '
grand pursuivant, of Long Beach ' Cal *
Treat P. Clark, thirty-lecond degree'
grand tyler, of San Francisco, Cal.
Last week the United Moderns jrave
their third monthly entertainment and
dance in the Shiels building. There was
a . e S° d u attendan ce • of members and
friends, who were held to the close by the
splendid programme, which included the
following numbers: Recitation "A Bit of
Sentiment." Miss Mary Walter Graduate
Stanford University: solo.MIss
recitation. Miss Arenburg: impersonation
a " D "Jf" ° f Ch ca go; impersonation of
Henry Miller In "Heartsease" and Den
man Thompson in "The Old Homestead "
Professor Burns: Shakespearian recita
tions, F. Cook Caidwell. a dance fol
lowed the programme, *»_*«*
United Moderns.
Home of Joan of Arc.
Just beyond the church is the Joan of
Arc cottage, an ugly building which has
no charm in itself or in its surroundings,
says Clifton Johnson In Frank Leslie's
Popular Monthly. It looks more like a
big shed than anything else, for the roof
all slants one way from a very high wall
at the front to a very low one at the
back. The inside Is kept as a museum and
It has all the museum's blankness and
stiffness, with no sucrg-estion of its ever
having been occupied As a home. The
old garden at the rear, with its narrow
paths and little nlats of flowers and vege
tables, happily has about it a real touch
of humility and you can fancy It Is no'.
unlike what it was In Joan's day and the
mind easily calls up the scene in those
twilight hours long ago when the bells
of the near church rang and the voices
spoke to the humble shepherd maiden.
Patti Set Her Price.
Pattl Is a personality who always at
tracts the public interest, but she is an
autocratic little lady, though kind
hearted to a degree, says the London
Telegraph. One of her , rules that she
breaks for no one' Is .that. she must have
her concert fee before she sings and man
agers have before now found her not at
all willing to reduce that fee. On one oc
casion she had a lively discussion with
an impressario. He objected to her price
for a weries of concerts and remarked:
"But that Is more than tho PresMent
of the United States gets for a year."
"I can't help that," was the retort
"But get the President of the United
States to sing for you."
A recent traveler in South Africa tells
of Benedictine nuns who have undertaken
not only to build their house but even to
manufacture the bricks. These devoted
woman have already made over 100,000
bricks with their own hands,
and A. S. R., conferred the ninth and
fourteenth decrees in the Masonic Tem
ple last night. The ceremonies were ¦wit
nessed by about 200 members, who, after
the close of the lodge, were invited to an
excellent supper served In King Solomon's
Hall. F. C. Van Schaick was toastmaster.
The programme included vocal selections
by the ScoUish Rite Quartet, solos by D.
M. Lauranee and J. Fleming, and respond*
to toasts by Dr. C. W. Metting, Judge E.
Sweeney, Judge Beard, C. L. Pierce,
Frank Coney, Franklin II. Day, Major
E. A. Sherman and a*hers.
The Ceremonies Followed by a Sup
per Served to Two Hundred
Persons.
Ycrba Buena Lodge of Perfection, A.
LODGE OF PERFECTION ,
CONTERS TWO DEGREES
That the Board of Fire Commissioners
is not In sympathy with money lenders
1 and collectors of bad bills was evidenced
i at its meeting yesterday, when the mem
bers refused to compel Albert Sorensen, a
stoker of engine 14, to pay various bills
in the hands of a collector.
There is a rule in the department which
makes it; imperative for the men to pay
their hills or suffer » dismissal. Rauer
tried to take advantage of this rule, but
Commissioner Hecht made a motion that
the secretary notify the collector that the
board would consider the case at such
time as the original creditors requested,
but would not listen to the complaint of
any collector. The motion prevailed.
The following appointments were made:
E. F. Cogger. truckman, truck 2; Frank
D. Jordan, truckman, truck 5; John Doug
las, engineer, engine 33:, Edward Murray,
hydrant man. truck 5.
Thomas Reinnesan. tried last Saturday
for disrespect to an officer, was suspended
until to-morrow.
J. J. Rauer Is Turnsd. Down by the
Board — New Appointments
Are Made.
FIRE COMMISSIONERS
FOILED A COLLECTOR
Steward Baskette is the son of Dr. W.
II. Baskette of Nashville, TVnn., and a
nephew of Congressman John Wesley
Gaines of that State. He has had an up
hill struggle to gain his happiness, for, as
marriage on the part of enlisted men Is
discouraged, he was compelled to ask his
commanding officer for leave and was
refused, being informed that if he became
a benedict he would be sent to Manila.
He is nothing If not determined, and will
wed in spite of everything.
The bride-to-be is the daughter of Mrs.
Ij. Rosenberg of Oakland and is a native
daughter.
The soldier; lover was startled when he
heard of this, but warrior-like, never fal
tered in his siege of the fair one's heart,
and was rewarded. Miss Rosenberg let
her finery go, notified her Pittsburg lover
of her change of affection, and to-day
becomes the bride of the gallant hospital
steward.
smoky city In October of this year and
then become his bride.
CUPID Is ever playing pranks with
the hearts of fair maids and has
secured a faithful ally in Uncle
Sam's soldiers. Three weeks ago
at a social gathering in Oakland
Hospital Steward Frank E. Baskette met
Miss Gladys Rosenberg and lost his heart
to her. His engaging manners, soft South
ern accent and handsome face and figure
attracted the young lady, and as his woo
ing was soldierlike he soon caused her
heart to flutter. ,
But there was a tremendous obstacle
to be overcome before the fair maid's
heart could beat as one with the soldier's.
In. far-away Pittsburg Mark Hyde, an
Oakland boy, awaited Miss Rosenberg's
coming, and speeding across the continent
by fast freight was the young lady's wed
ding trousseau, for on leaving home two
years before Mark Hyde had Miss Rosen
berg's promise to come to him in the
MISS GLADYS ROSENBERG WAS TO MARRY FORMER OAKLAND MAN
IN PITTSBURG THIS MONTH, BUT IS WON FROM HER AFFIANCED
BY DASHING BOY IN BLUE.
1 rank Evans Is 10 years of age and has
spent several terms In the Boys' and
Girls* Aid Society home. He pot employ
ment recntly in the Crocker Hotel, Pine
and Leavenworth streets, and Thursday
stole from one of the rooms a diamond
ring valued at $250 and a valuable knife.
The ring was found under his mother's
house, on Powell street, where he had
hidden it, and the knife was found under
a pew in a church. The boy was taken
before Judge Fritz yesterday and, with
his mother's consent, he will be sent be
fore one of the Superior Judges so that
he can be sent to Whittier.
John Henry Charged With Disturb
ing the Peace and Frank Evans
With. Stealing.
Two bad colored boys were in the Police
Courts yesterday, and steps will be taken
to keep them from doing further mischief
for some time to come.
John Henry 13 18 years of age. He was
sent to the "Whittler Reformatory about
eighteen months ago for throwing a brick
at John Diamond, a lamplighter, cutting
his scalp open. Friday night he was ar
rested by Policeman Naylor on a charge
of disturbing the peace. He was annoy
ing people passing at Third and Mission
streets., by throwing pastry at them. He
was convicted and ¦will be sentenced to
morrow. He came here from Texas with
soldiers with the Intention of going to
Manila.
Frank Evans is 10 years of age and has
snent PfiYPral terms In tho Ttnvs' nnrt
COLOBED BOYS RATED
,AS PUBLIC NUISANCES
Since Friday a crowd has gathered j n
front of the store reading and discussing
Obenauer's protest. The officers asked
him to remove the cardboard from the
rack, but he refused, so they got the war
rant yesterday for his arrest for disturb
ing the peace.
' "On account of an undeserved feeling
of enmity on the part of Officers Isaacs
and Gillen, I have been ordered to remove
this rack from the sidewalk, although it
has been there for over live years. About
eight months ago, on account of trouble
Mr. Isaacs and I had, he said he would
make me take it in."
The recent ordinance requiring all ob
structions to be removed from the side
walks is the cau?e of the trouble. Obe
nauer had a bicycle rack in front of his
store, and Policemen Isaacs and Gillen
ordered him to remove it. He did so and
put it in his window, but placed on it a
sign which read:
Policeman "William Isaacs swor© to a
complaint in Judge Cabaniss 1 court yes
terday for* the arrest of William G. Obe
nauer, who has a cyclery on Devisadero
Btreet, between Bush and Pine streets,
on the charge of disturbing the peace.
W. G. Obernauer's Placard An
nouncing That He Is Being
Persecuted Causes His
Arrest.
Attempt to Get Even With
Police Not a Howling
Success. ;
CYCLERY MAN'S
PROTEST LANDS
HIM IN PRISON
I appeal from the dinner pail to th« hearts
and consciences of men. Shall we sell our
blrthrlirht for a njess of pottage? To us haa
been Klven to gruard the ark of liberty; let us
hold It on hlith, sustaining the constitution and
the st&ra and. e tripes abov« It,
The full, dinner pail argument would strike
from the carved monument of fame the name
of every American patriot and wipe from the
pope of our history every event that makes us
proud of American citizenship. Had they Hk
tcned to this firen voice the PHirrim P.ith/>rs
would never have left the harbor of Leyden,
Jchn Hancock would never have pledged his
fortune in the cause of liberty. George Wash-
Jneton would not have led the Continental
army, Monroe would not have drawn the line
opainst European monarchies, the North would
net have fought to destroy slavery, the South
would not have fought to preserve what it be
lUved to ba its constitutional rights, the war
fcr the freedom of Cuba would never have been
declared.
We found Porto Rico self-covernlns. self
tp.xltig, eelf-sustoinin?. a country without a
d<-bt, a people without a problem. In two years
we have forced upon her a government of
strangers, imposed taxes by force of arms,
Kivcn her a miM'.on-doIlar debt and drJvm thou
p^nds into exile and thousands more into their
srravtrs. These things have been done under
tiiat ttuc
We can't brin& permanent prosperity by kill
tag off some of our p^u-'.e and taxing all the
others. The full dinner pail argument Is based
upon the war, and none of you will say "Let
war so on." The workingman wlif say
"I cannot cat of the full dinner pall If it
comes to me besprinkled with the blood cf my
fellow men."
Imperialism Is denned In our simple cr=ed
as any kind of government that is net demo
cratic. I would rather have a country, no mat
ter how narrow it3 limits, in which every man
leves his Has than a "power" that encircles
the plob? In which some are held beneath the
lla:t by force and net by love. :
'Governor Gaee Bald that Imperialism Is a.
bugatxio; that the Democrats pictured a Presi
dent tiEired out in imperial garments. Gov
ernor Oare knows Democrats mean no such
form of imperialism. We have imperialism
already In this country.
ISryanlsm and Democracy Ftand for the one
thin? — tl at this country shall not be con
trr.;i«-d by the dollars In or out of it. The
Democrat* stand for policies nnd principles
that held them closely to the people, while the
HrpvMicars Etand with the great mass oC
wealth.
Ycu will notice that Republican speakers
nevtr refer to Democracy, but always to Bry
nr.i:m. Kour years aro the election of Uryan,
li.il It taken place, mlsht have been eaJd to
be an experiment. Bryan had risen phenomen
ally. He had sprung up as in a night. Kut
that W2s four years ago. and since then Wll
lian Jenninrs Bryan has become the most
powerful individual in the United States.
"When Judge Ferral spoke against injustice It
was in the name spirit In v.hlch our fathers
cried out against England. We are pleading
with the American people to be true to their
Id'-uls. true to the hope that we have always
rh"rlFhed that wherever that flap Fhould float
fr^'-Oom would not b« an Idle boast.
There never has been any expansion of terri
tory outside the continent, and why now after
all this elory of our country should we try
this experiment? Haven't we been a world
power since we showed the capacity of the
people for f-lf-eovemment? If you must-flsrht.
take a fellow your size. If w« must
flpht what Ib the matter with going to Canada
to-day? '."hat is the matter with going to the
Hcrnvjda Inlands, where the British flair Is
flaunterl? What Is the matter with polnp to
the Northwest Territory? It belonps by riirht
to the l*n!t°'l States. I car" not who a man
Is or what h!s color, if h? Iws liberty well
encufh to fight fcr It, I ray give him liberty.
Franklin K. I.ane was introduced as the
next speaker. He said:
Where are the Republicans who forty years
r.sro glorified the Declaration of Independence?
Hav<- we reached a point where the American
peniile- are ashamed of the work of their fore
fathers? Thp Democratic party may be doomed
to defeat. It has gone down before In front
of the avalanche of wren? and evil, but It has
never gone down der.yinp the principles of the
fathers that have been the glory of the world.
Talk about pulling down the flag:, why the
most Fhamefiil pulling down the fiaj? ever knew
was done within the last Elx months up In
Alaska. American miners were delving there
and Johnnie Bull wanted the land. Senator
Mason tells how h<* saw the Sag pulled down
as the miners etood In tears at being: deserted
by their country to the mercy cf England.
This talk about prosperity and attributing It
to the Republican party Is the sheerest nnn
fonf=e. Has not Carroll P. Wrig-ht t<jld us that
depression comes upon up once In eisrht or ten
production, overo-nfidence, speculation and
their natural reactions? After a while that
depression is overcome and good times come
aealn. When Republicans claim the credit for
rrrvsperity they are trying to cheat God and
Providence.
The Democrats have promised to do eome
thing for labor. Bryan has ehown all through
his career a sympathy for labor. He demands
in th<* name of Justice and patriotism that
arbitration ehall be granted to all, so that
labor ehall not be crushed.
Mr. Mil's came back a few days ago from
Paris, where he had been with Colonel Ko
waJpky and some of my other friends. He had
romethlnjr to say about that terrible boss.
Crcker. They did not have much to say about
Croker four years ago. Mills said that If
Bryan was elected bossism would be brought
to the door of th? White House. "Why, ~oo,l
God. Mark Har.na has teen groins In and out
there for four years.
There have been pom* funny things in this
campaign. Mark Hanna wanted to talk about
Bryan. Why, ire had a little short darky
htre known as the "Deacon," who had an am
bition once to fight Eharkey. That would be
cbout like Hanr.a debating with Bryan. Then
there 5s the Ice trust, that has given the Re
publicans cold feet. 'When the Republican*
flnd one little solitary trust with a slnele Dem
ocrat In It they go alone talking: all the cam
paign about it. But I'll fay no more dbout
the Ice trust. Let it rest in peace.
'•The campaign of 1900 is now well under
way. It should not be the desire of any
advocate o ft he Democratic cause to use
crimination and recrimination in his at
tempt to win votes. It is better to build
on the reason and not on the prejudices.
The Republican press is making Its light
on personal abuse of Mr. Bryan, and I
am astonished to llnd how much influence
that press has with Democratic voters.
Bryan's whole life stamps him as a sin
cere man.
"On the trust question Mr. Bryan Is
especially a conservative. He knowa that
Industries controlled by monopoly prices
are always destroyed.
"There is but one issue In the campaign
— our country. Th-f platform adopted at
Kan?as City is but the re-echo of the
shot fired by our forefathers, heard
around the world. Has the Decla
ration of Independence proved to be a
lie? I Fay it ie too late for the American
people to amend it. I trust California will
do her duty In peace as well as in war."
The campaign quartet sang about Mark
Hanr.a and Roosevelt, and responded to
an encore. The chairman Introduced ex-
Judge Ferral, who spoke In part as fol
lows:
To-night In pvery State ths American peo
ple are assembled in civic battle. Much has
depended In every war upon the leader: and we
s»" the Democratic party with Its grand leader,
who EpeaJcs almost as man never spoke before,
a host In himself, battllni? alone apainst the
xr.r nopolies. fiRht'.nsr his way to ¦Washing-ton.
When the strupgle is over and peace comes
airain with William J. Bryan In the President's
chair, we will thank God for the leadership
Of our great candidate.
line's speech was an eloquent ar
raignment of imperialism and an appeal
fur the country's old ideals.
Senator J. C. Sims, chairman of the
State Central Committee, called the meet
ing to order, and alter a. few remarks in
troduced Hull McClaughry as the chair
man of the meeting. .Mr. McClaughry
spoke briefly as follows:
When Judge Ferral was Introduced the
band played a few strains of '"We Won't
Go Home Till Morning." The speaker
promised to let the audience off more
easily than that, but when- he got fairly
launched Into a fiery tirade against Eng
land he forgot the flight of time, and
when he linished it was 10 o'clock. The
climax of his ppoech was his demand that
if we must expand let us go to war with
England and capture Canada, the Ber
mudas and the Northwest Territory. It
was bravely spoken, like a true Irishman.
Former Judge Robert Ferral and
Franklin K. Lane. City ami County At
torney, were the orators at the Demo
cratic meeting last night at Metropolitan
Temple. The audience v.'as large and the
eloquence of the speakers met with enthu
siastic response in applause.
DemocratsHold Enthusiastic Meeting
at Metropolitan Temple — Frank
lin K. Lane Delivers an
Eloquent Address.
Judge Ferral Advocates Ex
pansion by the Capture
of Canada.
ORATORS SPEAK
ON IMPERIALISM
AND PROSPERITY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1900.
Ships TromisseaiLii, leteindiinig- to--'-Fol
low, feint Another. Wins Her.
JILTS PITTSBURG LOVER
FOR HANDSOME SOLDIER
The City of Paris Dry Goods Co.
Will show on Monday new arrivals of mil
linery and Imported pattern hats at ex
treme popular prices. •
Mrs. Kaeintz Suffers Fracture of Leg.
Mrs. F. Kaelntz, whose residence Is at
2209 Leavenwcrth street, yesterday in
sisted on Jumping from a Valencia-street
car to recover her back comb, which had
dropped from her hair. The lady's right
thigh bone was fractured.
Easton, Eldridge & Co. held a very suc
cessful auction sale at Golden Gate yes
terday. Though the day was somewhat
cloudy they hart a very large attendance
and the bidding was quite spirited. They
disposed of the remaining property of the
estate of C. A. Klinkjier. The prices ob
tained were considered very good.. Among
the purchasers were Dr. Teague. C. Jon
son- Mrs. M. Gordon, Mr. George Carson,
Mr. Whitney and Mr. J. A. Wood.
28
ADVEHTISEMSXTS.
NOT IMAGINARY.
'¦ ¦ *
A Common Disease, "Which Is by No
Means the Kesult of Imagination.
Undoubtedly many nervous people suf-
fer from troubles purely imaginary: dis-
eases which exist only in the mind of the
patient, and such troubles furnish a fer-
tile Held for the quack as well as for
faith healers and Christian Science treat-
ment.
However, there Is one common and an-
noying disease v.'hlch Is in no sense of the
v/ord imaginary, and that ia Plies.
Pile sufferers do not need a physician
to tell them what is the matter: there is
no obscurity about it. Neither will a sim-
ple lotion or ointment cure it. You 'can-
not deceive a pile sufferer into believing
he is being cured, because the pain and
itching from which he suffers is not im-
"aglnary a nd cannot be cured by imagina-
tion. A pile remedy must have unmis-
takable merit; it must relieve the pain
and cure the disease speedily or It will
be condemned.
Mr. "W. N. Dunn of 5719 Shields avenue,
Chicago, writes: "I am indebted" to the
Pyramid Pile Cure a thousand times for
the speedy relief and permanent cure of
a severe case of piles. I was cured per-
fectly with one 50-cent box, and. more
than that, I still have three of the Pyra-
mids left of the box I did not need to use.
"I think the Pyramid Pile Cure Is the
grandest thing of the age, and Ishall cer-
tainly recommend It to all sufferers.
"The manufacturers of the Pyramid
Pile Cure are at perfect liberty to refer
any person to. me and I will gladly an-
swer any correspondence. I am so grate-
ful for my cure that I want all pile suf-
ferers to find the same relief."
All druggists sell the Pyramid Pil© Cure
at 50 cents per box, and as it contains no
cocaine, opiate or any poison whatever Is
entirely; safe and reliable.-, •-_ .. .
1 "c?V I qTPR E ? EA ,° R COF^E E *-°™~ SQUAT SHAPE, palate* In two
CANISTER, very neat Ii5c colors 13c
VENEERED POLISHED SALT MEDIUM FAXCT SHAPES, tfawd
¦ BOXES Oc ' onyx colors , 2.I0
TWO-BURNER OIL STOVE.. ..R1J35 SHAPE - *la»ed ral««l
ETCHKD BREAD BOARDS, fancy A COBALT BLUE IN* GOLD dJcora-
patterns. from 50c to $1.50 tlons 7
In UMBRELLAS We Call
Attention to the Following:
F iK%T.l I .r. u :. s .'. e ! I .^:.?S E £S^ „?„"£' aM^TRS;
LnrBe Family Umbrella, 30 and S2-lnch; Coneo Handle* ctrrllnr cn^.l ir« »
Send Us Your Name and Address and We
Will Send You Our New Holiday Boot
. — ¦
818-820 MarketSt., San Francisco.
MAIL ORDERS FILLED
ADVERTISEMENTS.
YOUNG MARRIED WOMEN.
Pitfalls Laid forTbem-Bistory
Repealing Itself— What Weak-
ens the Hold of the Yqjng
Wife on Her Husband—The
Husband Is at Fanlt of Course,
But- __
There probably never was a time like
Just now for newspapers to be full of
eusrsestions to women. You can scarce-
ly pick up a newspaper without run-
r.irxs across some good advice for wo-
men by some v.ell-known woman writ-
er. And It really Is, you know, for the
most part pood and sensible, every-day
common sens? put In every conceivable
shape to appeal to women from every
standpoint.
Well you know that the most curious
part of it all is that while a good many
women read these articles and prompt-
ly agjee with them, they bo right on
doing thing-s Just the same as ever and
make no effort to apply to themselves
these really valuable hints on how to
get along through this world with the
least possible friction and the greatest
possible happiness. There is more real
Interest taken, I think, in some impos-
sible plan to secure and retain a good
complexion than in anything else. Of
course, being a woman, I can under-
stand that perhaps this Is natural, but
being- also a marric-d woman of some
years' standing and the mother of chil- i
. dren, I can understand quite clearly '
that there are things equally impor- j
tant. Xot that I would advocate care- i
letsncss about such things — oh.clear, no! I
1 think everything- that makes a wo- i
man attractive vitally necessary; but !
when I see women, especially young
married women, forgetting or losing
sisht of the easy things they can do to
keep healthy, and trying some fool
thing to preserve their good looks, I
feel like shaking them good and hard
and giving them a piece of my mind.
No one nt>ed get an Jdea that I am
greneralizing from my own experience,
for I'm not at all. I am saying these
things because duiing the past ten
years I've seen so many women I know
develop from skirls into women, then
marry and become mothers, and al-
most without exception make the same
rc:stakes.
It is. of course, a perfectly trite say-
Ing that the best thing for the com-
plexion is a contented mind; well you
just hunt around for the contented
mind and you won't find it, and the
fact that you don't find it makes you
think It doesn't exist; then by and by
1'o-j do find a contented, happj- woman.
and you watch her in some wonder un-
til you are satisfied that it is all real.
This woman, of course. Is happily
married to start with, but she has also
been equipped with strength and vigor
in her feminine organism, and has
avoided the Eitfal's which so honey-
comb the pathway of most women I
know.
It is a solemn fact that a woman's
happiness, her beauty and her useful-
ness depend upon the condition of her
heaith. end no amount of earthly suc-
cess will be sufficient to give her con-
tentment of mind unless she learns
how to steer clear of the Ills which
drag women down. The women "who
begin to show wear and tear a year
or two after marriage, whose first child
dra^s them down from a high pinnacle i
of happiness and fills their days with
anxious fretful ness— these w,cmen were
not properly prepared for their perfect-
ly natural experiences, and five years
after marriacre are drawn, and worn,
and nervous and weak.
The most astounding fact of It all to
me is that with all that is written, and
ppokc-n arjd lived, showing- the neces-
sity for preparation for the duties of !
life, women will go calmly on repeating i
history, developing unpleasant traits I
vhich they never knew they possessed |
and of which their husbands never
dreamed, and all at once they see the
hold on their hu=bands slipping away
and are more than ever miserable be*-
cau?e of it. " ¦
I am convinced that you can talk to •
vromen until doomsday about these I
matters and every one will think some-
body r-lse is to blame: that their hus-
I'ands are brutes, or that they them-
pelves nrp naturally weak in certain re- !
gpecifl and have a natural temper which \
they can't h^lr.. They take out their j
misery in finoine fault and becoming
tnore unlovely every day.
<"if course, these women needed help
Then they were young; they needed ad- !
vice about this and that, and they j
didn't pet it and they don't know where !
to get it now. A good many of them
have grown so used to being unhappy
that they don't really have the ambi- ;
tion to b« anything c!?e. There is one ;
«-asy thir<?r that younpr women or mid- j
die ntstd or <>ld wom^n can do that will
be always sur<> to help them, and that I
is to take Lydla F!. Pir.kham's Ve^eta- !
tile Compound. Th^ro are a jrood many j
«-th<?r thirsrs that can be done to keep
and develop natural pifts. thinjrs that
Involve time nr,d attention to bains and !
outdoor pxorr i?e. but they look very !
formidable to the young woman I
-who ha- a pood deal to do any- !
way. and It la not ur.til ?he gets in nice !
physical Phr.pr- ird begins 1o tak* prid» '
and Interest la hf>*-<=-Mf nnrl in her health I
that fhe v-ni have patience to do the i
exerdw thirsrs she so much n^eds
Well, every woman who 5? run down in
eny way or whose manifestations of
n-omnr:}-oo(i nre in any way unnatural '
will fin-i In Mrs. Plnkham** medicine a ;
eure hch>— that first help which is es- i
Fential to Pet tin? on thc^r f^et, so to ;
cpeak. After they sr*-t started on the •
risrht rond and p-?t th°ir n^uliar fomi- i
nine organism in a healthy stnt-? by
irerns of this befllcfne. then a coura*
of phvFica! exercip? ker.t up even mild- I
ly will <1o vondcrs for them.
I could Rive a rurnbpr of cases of ¦
•women who have been helped In this i
way. and T believe it the easiest and
jnost practical thin? youne women oai
do who want to avoid in their married
life the mistakes that make eo much i
¦wretchedness.
If any yo:irsr troman will writ? to
me. cr.re of this paper. I will be glad to
answer the letter.
DOROTHY GREY.
R*DITQMr7Q FOR barbers, uak-
Lrewen, bookbinders, candy-makers, Conner*'
Cyen, Sounr.ills, lour.drlijs, laundries, paper.
hangers, printers, r&intrrs. shoe factories, Ui-
Lleiaen. tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc
BUCnA>AN BROS..
Brush Man u fact urer5. 009 Sacramento St.
B\H % fft
it A I* WAV'S BEADV CEUKK has stood
v' rivaled before the Uublle for 60 y^ra a* a
Ktft instantly relieves and qu ckly
cur?« all Co ds. Sore Throat*. Influenra, Bron-
: ¦ ; v Vad vertisements.
An Oriental Monster
A JAPANESE RUG, twenty-one feet long by eighteen feet
wide, 378 square feet — elegant India coloring and design,
dark blue center; less than half price $28.1)6
I There is not a rug in the city of this size that can be pur-
chased for $75.00.
Half-Price
IS IT NOT SO>
RUGS, seven feet by four feet $2.24
RUGS, six feet by three feet $\M
800 Rolls'"
HEAVY KORBE BRAND MATTING, a yard f{ c
ART CARPET SHOP, 228 Powell Street. | 2
600 Rolls ~~
FINE LINEN WARP MATTING— Fine lines of insertion;
. embossed and mosaic 20c, 22 1-2c, 24c and 27 l-2c
In delightful colorings.
Axt Car pet Sh°t> 4
CASH OR CREDIT.
BIG REDUCTIONS IN
Furniture and Carpets.
CALL AND INSPECT OUR PRICES.
BRILLIANT'S,
338-34G-342 POST ST.,
Or rn ETen!n*s. Xear Powall.
VIN MARIANI
MARIANI WINE— WORLO FAMOUS TQSID
Many thousand physicians and millions of
persons during the past thirty-five years have
thoroughly ¦ tested Vin Marian! and invariably
experienced beneficial effects. Thousands of
famous men and wcmen from almost eveTy
walk of life have praised Vin Marlani in poetry
and pros?. In music, sculpture and painting.
Try Vin Marlani on Us merits.
Sold by all Druggists. Refuso Substitute*.
SO nSrnfTn n 1300 if my sk!n
« iS/ C vA r Cement falls
ftJ.W 3 : £-4lI h to cure «ay
S bwjJIJt* case of eczema
'7£A 3 Kl\S£ or tetter « or If
3 V\ f- : '-I V ;? ji™j 3 a PPNcat!on
Price 25 cents. AH druggists, or sent poft
E. a 4££ n ,I?^S lp .$ oC Vrtce. DR. PAUL DH
.FORD. 175 N, Sprtoe St., Los Anxeles. C*L.. . *
Not Only Did She Beat the Alabama's Time but
Her Run Home Was Made in Better Time
and Gave Better Results.
"You can bet It I were nominated for
President I wouldn't fool away, my time
writing: a lonsr letter of acceptance that
nobody reads."
"What would you say?"
" 'Thanka, I'll run!' "—Cleveland Plain
Dealer..- - . . ..
NOTE— In the above exposition of tho tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time of
the day. tho third time column the third tide
and the last or richt hand column Rives the
last tide of tho day, except when there are but
three tiOes. as sometimes occurs. The heights
~lven are in addition to the Hounding on the
United States Coa»t Survey charts, except
whon a rr.lr.us flgn (— ) precedes the height,
and then tho number plven is subtracted from
the depth Riven by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
C. a. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. IT. R. X.. In charge.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydro&raphlc Office, u. 3. N'., Mer
chants* Exchanue, San Francisco. Cal..
October 13. 1900.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
bulldlns was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. c. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. ro.i Greenwich time. *
SUNDAY, OCTOBER U
Sun, Mocn and Tide.
United State* Coa«t and Goodetlc Survey —
Times and Helthts of High and Low
Waters at Fort Tolnt. entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOT10— The hlsh and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
th«> tK-lcht of tide Is the fame at both places.
TO SAIL.
FOB, COLONEL OF THE
FIRST INFANTRY, N. Q. 0.
Caucus of Officers Declares *orLieu
tenant Colonel Thomas F. O Neil.
Trouble for the First.
Ess s-t£ ks£ -- t f
orSd for the SOth lnst. That he shall
be cofonel was decided at a caucus of of
ficers held on Friday night. or tne
thirty-six votes to be cast nineteen were
Scd to O'Nell. The others will prob
ably be cast for lieutenant Colone!
Charles Boxton. should he. after the re
fult of the caucus, remain in the con-
is prospect of serious trouble for
w^mer^repTrts t^effect^hTt
Tn the Tdmlsslon day celebration but
eleven of the twelve companies of the
command were in the parade, yet the con
soMdated parade report, filed some time
n-o made it appear that there were
uteiv" companies on parade. The mat
ter has received official notice, for Major
lamps A Mar go. Inspector on the Second
HrE£d€ Vturt was detailed to investigate
It He has filed his report, but It is not
mnnv uublic and when it was asked for
the reply was that "It will be time
onou-h to give it out when cnarges are
prefe*rred/' It is to be inferred from that
?cplv that charges are to bo preferred.
It was Company F. Captain Nlppert. that
d Ap n p O McaUo a n e has been made to have Al
bert of Company D Fifth Regi
ment of Infantry, appointed regimental
inspector of rifle practice of that regi
ment. He is credited with being the bes
shot in the regiment and one of the best
in the State. In proof of that he wears a
gold bar won at the State shoot.
Orders have been issued for an inspec
tion to be held In November, date not
y *Major F. L. Atkinson of the Sanitary
Corps, Third Brigade, has resigned.
Reports show that during the recent
parade in this city the Sixth Regiment
turned out five companies, number in the
agtrresrate 231 rank and file.
Major Theodore Rethers has passed the
examining board and qualified as surgeon
for the First Regiment of Infantry.
Colonel Seymour of the Second Infantry
was granted permission to take out his
regiment for an outing of three days, to
commence yesterday.
Captain P. J. H. Farrell of the First
Regiment Sanitary Corps has been
gTanted ninety days' leave of absence.
Captain Burke and Lieutenants Win
ham. Foley and Vlra. elected by Troop C
at Salinas. « has been ordered to appear
before the examining board of the Second
Brigade as to their qualifications.
The way things have turned, it looks as
though Dr. C. C. O'Donnell, the Independ
ent candidate, would be the next Con
gressman from the Fourth Congressional
j District. It Is Impossible to have the con
stitution and laws enforced by the old
political parties. The restriction act is
about to expire. He's the man that can
teach ' the Eastern Representatives the
curBe of coollelsm. Japs and corporations,
and have the restriction act renewea. •
lady yahde-btjixer's
EX-GUARDIAN ATTACKED
Attorneys Alle^ Her Incompetency
Was Kept From Knowledge of
the Court. •
Attorneys Fitzgerald and Abbott have
Hlefl notice of a motion to remove « »» la ™
H. Chapman from the trusteeship of Lad>
Yarde-Buller's estate. An aftiduvit sigQed
by W. B. Greenebaum accompanies the
"cwn^baum asserts that after Lady
Buller had boon adjudged incompetent
Ernest H. Wakeman presented a Petition
BlSed bv her for the appointment of W.
If? Chapman us trustee of her estate, well
knoving alHant alleges, that he had al
rJkdy bt4sn appointed guardian of her per
son and estate. Wakeman it is alleged,
executtd a deed of trust to Chapman, and
on suppressing the fact that Lady Buller
had been declared an incompetent caused
Judse I3ahrs tu sanction Chapman s ap
pointment.
INCIDENTS IN POLICE COUBT.
Stuart Harold and the Man He Shot
Too Sick to Appear in
Court.
The case of Stuart Harold, charged with
assault to murder by shooting Special Oi.
flcer Hfiugen in Fischer's, Concert Houtsa
Tuesday night, was tailed in Judge Fritz's
court yesterday. A* physician's certificate,
was received by the Judge that the de
fendant was unable to be present, as he
was sutlerlng.from a sprained annle and
a badly swollen eye. A certificate was
also received from the physician who is
attending Haugen at the German Hospi
tal that he was unable to appear, me
case was continued till October 31.
On motion ot Attorney Joseph Coffey,
' special prosecutor in the poolseliing cases,
Judc;e Conlan dismissed the cases of John
lliU-v and John Phillips yesterday, as
there was another charge against each
pending in other courts which had been
sot for trial. The cases dismissed were
also considered not to be strong ones.
E F Taylor, a miner from Nome, ap
peared in Judge Cabanlss' court yester
day on a charge of disturbing the peace,
lie went to the Columbia Theater Friday
! nl^ht in an intoxicated condition and was
' refused a ticket at the boxotflce. He
I raised such a disturbance that Policeman
Kcves was called in and he was arrested.
The Judge lined him $5, which he promptly
P< J. M. Wilklns. proprietor of the Cliff
House, was convicted by Judge Cabaniss
yesterday of using a nlckel-in-the-slot ma
chine and paying in coin, and .was sen
tenced to pay a fine of $5. The fine was
1 paid.
Nash Ferrer, stableman at Sullivan &
Doyle's stables. Sixth and Clara streets,
charged with the murder of M. J. Sulli
van by stabbing htm in the head with a
knife, was Instructed and arraigned In
Judge Cabaniss' court yesterday and the
case was continued till Wednesday.
i Edward McAndrews. a soldier bclong
' Ing to the Fourteenth Infantry, amused
himself Fridcy night by shoving his fists
through windows in the neighborhood of
Pine and Dupont streets. He was arrest
ed for malicious mischief and appeared
before Judge Mogan yesterday. He; was
convicted, but as ho promised to pay for
the damage If given time the Judge de
ferred sentence till Tuesday.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
BLAMED BY A JUH.Y
Driver O'Malley of the Truck That
Killed Little Stella Brissolesa
Escaped Censure.
In the matter of the inquest Into th»
cause of the dfath of Charles E. Jones,
a railroad brakeman. the Coroner's Jury
yesterday returned a verdict that Jones
came to" his death from shock following
amputation of the thigh, and added the
following: "Death cause unknown, and
further censure the Southern Pacific Rail
road for not furnishing: sufficient evidence,
and testimony to show cause of death."
The verdict tvas apprqved by Coroner
Cole. Jones was run over by an engina
at Suisun station on the 11th lnst. and died
rn the operating table of the Southern
Pacific Hospital.
E.lward O'Malley, driver of the truck
which ran over and killed Stella Maria
Brlssolese on thelltli inst-. was exon
erated from blame. Stella was only g
years old. and she and several other chil
dren climbed upon the truck without the
knowledge of O'Malley. She fell- between
the wheels and her skull was fractured.
The following was the verdict: "We, the*
jury- find that death was caused by acci
dent from carelessness of said deceased
ar.d through no neglisrence on the- part of
the driver of the truck that caused death,
and we free sc>id driver from all blame.
We further recommend that the ordinance
against children jumping on and oft vehi
cles be strictly enforced."
MO1TEY KEEPS ROIXING
HX AT ST. BBIGH>*S FAIK
Father McAuliffe Is in the Lead in
the Contest for the
Surplice.
The attendance at St. Brigid's Fair Is
increasing every night. There were more
visitors last nijrht than on any day since
the fair opened. Father Cottle is most
enthusiastic over the success and says
that the receipts of the bazar will exceed
his most san&uine wishes.
The voting contest for the most popular
priest Is evoking lots of excitement.
Father McAuliffe last night was in the
lead Father Ramm second and Father
O'Ryan a close third. There are voting
contests also for the candidates for the
Superior Court Judg-eship, and also a con
test for the favorite dally paper.
Miss M. Shannon has charge of the
Palace and Arbor booths. She is a very
energetic worker and does much to make
the fair a success. She Is assisted in the
Iwo booths by Misses Kate Gibbon. Jen
nie Lerthen and Angela Sullivan. The
Pale^Une booth is unjer the management
of Mesdamea Shea. Turner. Molloy. Ba.
ber and R. H. Hurley. They are aided by
Mrs Frazler and Misses Quatman Swee
ney. Mollov. Colvin. Rattigan. Barber.
Fhe*v and Evans. , '
The refreshment booth !s managed by
Mrs Georce Barron. Misses Marie and
Ceci'lo Sorbler are among the attendants
of the palm garden.
GRAYS HAREOR-Sailed Oct 12— Bktn Mon:
tor. fnr San Pedro: schr Henry Wilson, fc
San Kranciseo. Oct 13 — Schr San Buenaver
tura. for San I-'rancisco.
Arrived Get 13— Stmr Xewburgr. hence Oct !
sohr Guiile, henc*} Sp^t 26.
EASTERN PORT.
DELAWARE 1JKKA KWATER- Passed oi
Oct 12— Stmr Sierra, from Philadelphia, for Sic
Francisco.
FOREIGN' PORTS
XANAIMO — Arrived Oct 11-ShlD Cjrua
wakrficl.l. henoo Sept 12. Oct 12— Nor stmr
Titnnia. hence Oct T, and sailed Oct 13 for San
Fra.nclsco.
NAGASAKI— Sailed Oct 12— Bktn John Smith
for Port Towntcnd.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to Oct 13— Stmr
Doric, from Kan Kranclsco. via Honolulu etc
GLASGOW— Arrived Oct 13— Strnr Serdinal.
fmm New York.
CHKKHOUmJ-Sailed Oct 13— Stmr Kaiser
FrieJerioh. from Hamburg, for New York;
strur I^c.ulp, from Southamuton, for New
York.
H.WRE-Failed Oct 13— Stmr La Bretagne.
for New York.
LIVERPOOL-Salled Oct 13-Stmr Umbria.
tor JCew York.
QEEEKSTOWK- Sailed Oct 13— Stmr Cymric,
for New Vfrk.
ANTWKKr— Arrived Oct l^Stmr Friesland,
frum New York.
Sailed <Vt 13— Ptmr N'oorrtland, for New York.
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct 13— Stmr La Lor
raine, from Havre.
Sailed Oct 13— Stmr fYetorla, for Hamburg,
via Plymouth and Cherbourg: stmr Etruria.
for Liverpool; stmr Trave, for Bremen, via
Southampton; stmr Maasdam. for Kfitterdam,
via limilosne: rtmr City of Home, for Glasgow;
stmr State of Xebraska. for Glasgow.
Steamer Movements.
THE battleship "Wisconsin returned
la trluinrih frora the Santa Bar
bara Channel yesterday. On the
turret* ar.d smoke stacks, amid
ships, and on. a banner Btretched
'roni fmht'.ng top to f.phting: top. th?
'.po:res. 1&54, showed trut conspicuously.
The Wisconsin went out to beat a rec
: ; and she did it. In consequence, when
he put in an appearance yesterday mora
r.p the whistles began to sound and a.11
¦an Fntadsco \\"as speedily made ac
;'^n.!r.ted with the fact that a faster ves
sel than the Alabama had been added to
l.v American navy.
The maximum, speed attained by the
EYlseocEta on ber trial was 1S.54 knots.
her home run she averasred 15.40
knots, while the Alabama, doing hit
i .-• .-t. cn!y made 15 knots.
i_'ri tlie home run the w-arshlps have to
: j :hrcugh all kinds of tests. They must
urn in a certain radius, steam to port at
i gives anple ar.d in. a given time, make a
Lomplete turn in so many minutes and
?::!! k«.-op a straipht course for home. All
:':.:> the Wisconsin did and beat the Ala
bama's time nearly ha.!f a knot. No
wonder then that she fame In with her
yards covered with brooms, roosters
parched on every point of vantage and
:.:..:/:- sfcoi'elj hanging wherever
• was a T'loce to hanjj them. The
[ircmcr: owned the Wisconsin yesterday.
i'i. englm ¦ rt- FapjAU <3 the skill, but It was
Ihe brawn .''.r.J muscle and the knowledge
i t ;i>t Low to handla a fire that made
Lh« bis battleship the success she is.
T.'irr' :or<' lrvinp: jj. Scott made not the
tiiphtef-t objection when the liremen put
their Bhoveli up alongside the broom*.
A> the Wisconsin passed uy the bay
every fj^: and factory <jn the front set its
uhistle a-tootioe. The battleship trep'.
:r. through tbe fo^r about 7:30 a_ m. and
ar.choreu off the Presidio. At 10 a. rn.
.-. pot under way again and from 10:30
to 11 a. m. the whistles kept up an inces
sant serenade.
At the f^rry slip used by the creek
boats a crowd of owr IVJ people congre
gated to tee the vessel pass. As they
srere cfceerlnx the battleshlj) the aprou
ir. which they were =tandinK gave v^"ay
irid over a dozen men and women went
into the bay. All of them were rescued.
The Wisconsin wag docked yesterday
' " noon by th^ lugs Rt-?eje ar;u Se*
Queen. She will be cleaned, painted and
"U't.tted, after which will so in cotn
rr.i^>:r.r.. Yesterday Irvine il. S<ott re
celved conprat\:!ator>' telegrams from
Baphael Weiil and Will Crocktr. \ both
of whom are r.O'U' Irs Parin • '
WATEE FSONT NOTES
Steamer Columbia Again in Commis
sion.
The steamer Colombia, which was lr
collision with the Berkeley a couple of
vceks ago, has had her r.ose repaired arrl
is aeain to commission. The Berkeley
»iii have her r.cw guards on and will l>e
;n the rin^ again to-rnoirow.
The Sarita Fc-'s new lorry steamer San
Pablo had a trial s;>in around the bay
yesterday. No attempt at speed wms
made, but ttie hnniisurae crafr Ehoved
enough to warrant ihi manager? to pre
dict a seventcen-knot craft under usual
Fleam. The San Pablo will have her
"owners' trial 1 ' trip to-morrow mornh.g.
Gus Kilborn is poir.ff to have another
excursion next Sunday. The San R.i
facl will leave the Sausalito ferry slip
at 19:15 a. m. October 21 and will stop at
Mare Island, Martinez. Ikniela and
VatHeJo.
Th« steamship Xorman Ip^es. which ar
rived a few dais agro and is now <3!s
rh&rgiTig cargo, brought raw susrar frum
Java, consigned to the Western Sugar
Refinery, to be refined by American labor.
Uncle Sam will receive in duties on this
lot of sugar $1C2^34. Thus Ihe Govern
ment Is helped and h^rae labor is berie
filed in the 'tanie transaction.
The Reporter leads lumber at Grays llarb >
NEWS OF THE OCEAN
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shinoine Merchants.
for Honolulu; the Servla, merchandise for I
don. .
"Wheat Shipment.
The British E^ip Hyderabad cleared yesterday
for Queenstown for orders with 81.M9 ctls
wh'at. valued at J51.SC"}. and 1S.000 feet lum
ber dunnajre vala—1 at f275: total value, $52,075.
A Carat) for Caroline Islands.
Tie schooner Tulenkin cleared yesterday for
Kusalc. Caroline Island?, -nrith the followir.s
carjro at J*6o7: SI c« hardware, 12 cs
lamp goods, 4 cs drugs, 42 cs dry goods, 2 C3
stationery, 5 bills iement, 5 r .«:0 leet lumber, (A
cs c.al oil. 15 j)kB» ship chandlery. 135 cs gro
ceries arid provisions, T41 H5s sufrar, S(i cs
canned beef. 13 bbls rotss beef. 30 cs & bbls
flour, 25 tins bread, 12 cs candy, 3 cs hats,
¦1 cs ehoes.
Merchandise for Victoria
The Ftfamer City of Pnebla sailed yesterday
for Victoria with a general cargo valued at
$31. 4 ? -'. manifested as follows: For Victoria,
J13.1J2; for Sydney, 116.710; for Cincinnati.
$lCy>. The following xvtre the principal ship
ments:
F- r Victoria— '- cs hardtiare, 6S70 lbs mi'.;
?tuff£, 37 j.kjrs flhh, 3 cs dry fjcocs, 10S") cs
<-tioco!aie, I cs olive oil. 1j cs clocks. t7'«J Tbs
Fait. 7 cs printing ink. cs canned goods.
Z2.48S Ti)B dried fruit. 4S cs arms, ammunition
and Fportin« guuls. Z35 cs raising, lulu Ihs
bread. 3 cs electrical goods. 6 cyls km. U'J
feet lumber, 6 cs veeetables. 107 lbs cheese,
11 tons chu;> ft^d. 26 cs powder, 56,071 lbs malt.
2 ors Bjwirig machines. 11S1 bxs fruit. 8 pkga
Chinese provisions. 139 pk&s Brocerit-s and pro
visions, 7 cs phoncgrai'h eooiIs. 10 cs olives,
] 200 lbs bt-ans. 22C cs paste. 4u,000 IBs etone.
€"6 gals wine. 10 cs stove polish, 20 cs plaster,
5 lAiis bakiii? powdor. 16 cs household goods.
6 bbla ¦:•!!. 2Z cs lemons, 6 bbls cement. 11C0
lbs nuts.
F»5r Sydney— 3500 cs canned salmon, bl2 bxs
apples.
For Cincinnati-*4 bbls pickled cherries.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Saturday. October 13.
Ftrr.r Washtenaw, Littlefleld, si hours from
Seattle.
J5tn.r San Mateo, Fletcher. S3 hours from
Nar.aimo.
Etmr I'cir.t Arer.a, Hansen, 11 hours from
Mendocino.
t^tn-.r Pomona. Shea. IS hours from Eureka.
Pirer Matuavaa, Croscup. ay hours from
Ta coma.
Btmr Geo Locmls. Brtdsett. 33 hours from
£an Ptdro.
i-tmr Scotia. Walvip, 20 hours from Rockport.
Stmr Luella, MadF>?n. 43 hours from San
CTiemaltiUE.
V H Etir.r ¦Wisconsin. Plllsbury. 1" hours 31
minutes frcm Santa Barbara. ',
V S Ftmr Ilarger, Field, 4u hours from Santa
Barbara.
I' S tup T.'cadilla. Kavanagh, iO hours from
Santa. Barbara.
I!r strr.r "Wellington. Falmcnd. 3^ days from
lir *tmr Condor, Anderson, 92 hours from
Vancouver.
Ship Indiana, Boiton. S4 days from Bristol
Bay. via Karluk li days.
Bktn Uenicia. liowes, 'J days from Seattle.
S;hr Itio Key, Ericksoa, 35 hours from
B<jn-ens Landing.
Schr Sailor Bar* Nielsen, 8 days from Aber
de«"r;.
Schr Ida Schnauer, Eoreason. 10 days from
Port Gamble.
Fchr Gem, Nelson, 6 days Irom Grays Har
bor.
Schr Laura May, Hansen. S days from Grays
Harbor.
Schr Mary Etta, Anderson, 20 hours from
Bowem Lani'n~.
Schr Marj- E Euss, "U'ikender, 3 days from
Taccina.
CLEARED.
Saturday. October 13.
Stmr City of Puebla, Jepsen, Victoria; Good
all. I'^rkirs & Co.
I!r ph:p Hyderabad. Scott, Que^nstown; G W*
McNear.
Ship Tuler.kun, MelandfT. Caroline Islands*
J V Molander.
Ftmr Columbia, Doran, Astoria; Oregon R &
N Co.
. c tn-.r Bonltai N'icolson, San Pedro; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
i;ktn i- N "¦.-istle. Nilsen, Honolulu; J D
g;>recke!s & lir<,s Co.
Bkta Gardiner CiXy, Walton, Honolulu; Wil
liams. D;ncnd & Co.
SAILED
Saturday. October 13.
Etinr nrunswick. Anilr">»>n. Bureka.
Htmr City of Itiebla, Jer:sen, Victurla.
t'tmr Kureka. Jensen, Kureka.
Stmr Hunril. Orn-n, Hardy Creek.
htmr Cteone, Miller. Fnuokport, with echr
Nftlie Sun'lborz in tow.
Sttr.r South Coast, Olsen. .
Ilalnlor, Hanren, Seattle.
Htn.r Ali:atraz, Carlson, .
Sirnr Luclla. Madden, .
Fir ftmr Wyeflcld, Cartm?r, Manila, via
Eli r. lulu.
America. Harding. Comox.
Pchr N<ule Sur.iJborg, Anderson, in tow of
stmr Clcooe.
J !:!,->:r.Kor. Skipper. Stewarts Point. •
Schr rt*r*mt. Ol^en. <Jrays Hartor.
Schr A li Johnson, St'selh.trst. Grays Harbor.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Oct 13. 10 p m— Weather
cJoudy; wind wrest, velocity 12 miles.
DOMESTIC POUTS.
COOS BAY— Arrived Oct 12— Stmr Arcata,
hence Oct 9.
SKATTI.E-Falied Oct 12-Stir.r Cottage City.
lor SitJta: lir ship Ventura, for Tacoma.
TORT TOWSSEXD -Arrived Oct 13— Schr
Chat-- Har.son. from Urlstol Bay.
Haiied ort 13— Chil Ixirk Altcar, for Callao.
In bay Oct 13-Sclir Kir. E Cjrnu, from Port
Ludlow. f'jr I'ort firle; schr Kndeavor. from
Port Cimlile, tot Callao; Chil bark Geo Thomp
son, fn.ta Port P.lak"ley. for West Cuast.
1'atwd up Oct 32— Bark Kate Davenport, hnc
Sept 2«. for lVrt IJlakeley.
Arrived Oct 13— Schr Anr.le Lan>en. from San
P«»uro: 5chr drwin, from Cape Nome
SAN PIFXiO— Arrived Oct 13— U S etmr
AdafnB, from .
SAN" niEG<>-Arrlred Oct 13-Stir.r Bertha,
from Valdez.
BOVEKS LANDING— Sailed Oct IS— Schr
Mary Utta. for San Francisco.
Arrived Oct 13- Schr Corinthian, hence Oc
tober 11.
CKESCEXT CITY— Sailed Oct 13— Stmr Cres
cent City, for San Francisco.
SITKA— Arrived Bept 29 — Brig Courtney
Fcrd. hence Sort 7. to *all Ort » for KUUsnoo.
POR-T LOS ANGELES— Sailed Oct 13— Stmr
Alcazar, for .
EURE3KA— Sailed Oct 12— Stmr Madrona. for
San Francisco; strnr Lskme. for San Francisco;
stmr Samoa, for Han Francisco.
ASTORIA— Arrived Oct 13— Stmr Despatch,
hence Oct 9.
Balled Oct 9— Br ehlp Orealla. for Queens
town- •'-¦*, ¦¦::
THE UMTKD STATES BATTLESHIP TTISCONSIN RETURNING TO PORT AFTER CREATING A NEW WORLD*S
RECORD AND BEATING THE ALABAMA'S TIME" ON THE HOME TRIP BY NEARLY HALF A KNOT. SHE
IS SUPERIOR TO ANYTHING IN HER CLASS AFLOAT.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1900.
BATTLESHIP WISCONSIN RETURNS IN
TRIUMPH FROM HER GREAT TRIAL OVER
THE SANTA BARBARA CHANNEL COURSE
1-
I'clro
29
TO ARRIVE
Steamer.
J Destination. J
Sails. | Pier.
Iaqua
Honita
Czarina ...
.IHumboMt JQct.
. i.Vewiiort 'Oct.
.[Seattle |Oct.
. 14, 10 amjpier 2
. 14. 11 am Fler 2\
. 15, 5 pm|Pier 13
Empire .
Pomona ...
Columbia ..
Pt. Arena..
Ssita Rosa
Alliance ...
O. Hollar..
Arcata —
Amer Muru
Qu*-en
Cofi.« Hay...
Eureka
North Fork
Walla WiT.
City rnr.a..
State Cal..
Corona . . . .
"\V. KruscT.
.'Coos Hay ;Oct.
.'Hum!-oMt..'...|Oct.
.il'ortland !Oc:.
JPcint Arena.. Oct.
lisan IMf-co 'O*t.
.'Portland jOfct.
.(Grays Harbor Oct.
.ICoos Bav Oct.
u China AJapan Oct.
..'Honolulu Oct.
.IX<wfort 'Oct.
. Jflumboldt 'Oct.
clHumboldt U>ct.
:jVlctorta Oct.
.iN>w VorU.;... Oct.
JPortlar.d Oct.
.'San Dip«ro Oct.
. !Gray3 Harbor]Oct.
. 13, 10 arnjPier 13
. 15, 2 pmlPhrr 9
. 15. 11 am|Pirr U
¦ 15, 2 pmiPier 1'
. fR. 11 am!Pltr U
. 16. 9 amJPlpr III
. 17, 5 pmiPlt-r 2
. 17. 12 mirier 13
. IT, 1 pm!PMS*
. IT. 2 pmlPier 7
. I«. S amlPler 11
. IS. 10 amIPler 13
. 18. 9 amlPier 2
. 38. 11 amipur 9
. 18. U mlPMSS
. 20, 11 nmlPler 24
. 2<t. 11 am'Pkr 11
• 20 |
S*- earner.
From.
I Due.
1 — —^— ——
Lut-lla
Iaqu-i
Rosa ..
Walla Walla
Anata
('race Dollar..
CoQUllle River
Goo. W. Elder
Willamette ...
Prosrreso
...;Pan Pedro
. i'.} Newport
...;San Diego
..[Victoria
..[Coos Bay
..Jf'rays Harbor
¦..jGrays Harbor
•. . j Portland
...i Seattle
. . . ,'Tacoma
.:. Oct. 14
.. Oct. 14
.. Oct. 14
.. Oct. 14
.. Oct. 14
.. Oct. 14
..'Oct. 14
..iOct. 13
..|O<;t. 13
..Oct. 13
Crescent City..
..'Crescent City
..jOct. JS
North Fcrk ...
Eureka
Del Norte
City of i'ekir.
Coos Bay
?tate Oa'.ifornl
TItar.ia .:
..JHumtoIdt .'
.IlHumboldt
. . . 'Portland
r.g China anJ Japan
. 'Newport
la! Portland
.; .iNanalmo
. JOet! II
.. Oct. 18
.. Oct. 16
.. Oct. -1*
..•Oct. 1«
..Oct. 17
..Oct. 17
Point Artna .
Corona
MIneola
Pomona
Rival
W. H. Kruger
...iRoInt Arena
..'Snn Diego
...itacoma
..[Humboldt
...JWillapa
•..|San Pedro
..|Oot. IS
..(Oct. IS
..!Oct. IS
..IOct. 13
..[Oct. 19
..Oct. 19
ITmatilla
A'.uu. ¦'..<.
Peru
Bonlta
,..!Vlctori» :
:.| Australia
..iXow York
..JXewport
..Oct. 19
..!Oct. 19
..IOct. 2iJ
..IOct. 20
Bun rlac* 6:17
Kun sets 5:3»
M'jon rise* 10:53 p. m.
~~C Time! ITImel ITime TImej
u Ft. Ft. ' Ft. . Ft.
n H Wl II, W H W L, \V
14 5T04 4.3! 9:33 3.3 3:31 5.1 10:50 (U
15 .'. ti:0« 4.5' 11:11 3.2 4:47 4.S 11:51 0.6
16 .. 7:<Ki 4.7l 12:32 3.1 6:O€ 4.5
L, W hi Wj L, W H W
17 .. OM« 1.01-7:45 4. Pi 1:37! 2.C 7:20 4.4
18... 1:3.' 1.11 8:22i 5.1 2:27| 2.1 8:23 4.5
19 . M6l 1.41 8:.V!| 5.2l 3:0S! 1.6 9:16 4.S
30. ..| 2:53| 1.6.' »:29| 3.4| 3:4J| 1.2| 10:C5 4.6
Bun rlac* 6:17
Kun sets 5:3»
M'jon rise* 10:53 p. m.
~~C Time! ITImel ITime TImej
u Ft. Ft. ' Ft. . Ft.
n H Wl II, W H W L, \V
14 5T04 4.3! 9:33 3.3 3:31 5.1 10:50 (U
15 .'. ti:0« 4.5' 11:11 3.2 4:47 4.S 11:51 0.6
16 .. 7:<Ki 4.7l 12:32 3.1 6:O€ 4.5
L, W hi Wj L, W H W
17 .. OM« 1.01-7:45 4. Pi 1:37! 2.C 7:20 4.4
18... 1:3.' 1.11 8:22i 5.1 2:27| 2.1 8:23 4.5
19 . M6l 1.41 8:.V!| 5.2l 3:0S! 1.6 9:16 4.S
30. ..| 2:53| 1.6.' »:29| 3.4| 3:4J| 1.2| 10:C5 4.6
Steamer.
J Destination. J
Sails. | Pier.
Iaqua
Honita
Czarina ...
.IHumboMt JQct.
. i.Vewiiort 'Oct.
.[Seattle |Oct.
. 14, 10 amjpier 2
. 14. 11 am Fler 2\
. 15, 5 pm|Pier 13
Empire .
Pomona ...
Columbia ..
Pt. Arena..
Ssita Rosa
Alliance ...
O. Hollar..
Arcata —
Amer Muru
Qu*-en
Cofi.« Hay...
Eureka
North Fork
Walla WiT.
City rnr.a..
State Cal..
Corona . . . .
"\V. KruscT.
.'Coos Hay ;Oct.
.'Hum!-oMt..'...|Oct.
.il'ortland !Oc:.
JPcint Arena.. Oct.
lisan IMf-co 'O*t.
.'Portland jOfct.
.(Grays Harbor Oct.
.ICoos Bav Oct.
u China AJapan Oct.
..'Honolulu Oct.
.IX<wfort 'Oct.
. Jflumboldt 'Oct.
clHumboldt U>ct.
:jVlctorta Oct.
.iN>w VorU.;... Oct.
JPortlar.d Oct.
.'San Dip«ro Oct.
. !Gray3 Harbor]Oct.
. 13, 10 arnjPier 13
. 15, 2 pmlPhrr 9
. 15. 11 am|Pirr U
¦ 15, 2 pmiPier 1'
. fR. 11 am!Pltr U
. 16. 9 amJPlpr III
. 17, 5 pmiPlt-r 2
. 17. 12 mirier 13
. IT, 1 pm!PMS*
. IT. 2 pmlPier 7
. I«. S amlPler 11
. IS. 10 amIPler 13
. 18. 9 amlPier 2
. 38. 11 amipur 9
. 18. U mlPMSS
. 20, 11 nmlPler 24
. 2<t. 11 am'Pkr 11
• 20 |
S*- earner.
From.
I Due.
1 — —^— ——
Lut-lla
Iaqu-i
Rosa ..
Walla Walla
Anata
('race Dollar..
CoQUllle River
Goo. W. Elder
Willamette ...
Prosrreso
...;Pan Pedro
. i'.} Newport
...;San Diego
..[Victoria
..[Coos Bay
..Jf'rays Harbor
¦..jGrays Harbor
•. . j Portland
...i Seattle
. . . ,'Tacoma
.:. Oct. 14
.. Oct. 14
.. Oct. 14
.. Oct. 14
.. Oct. 14
.. Oct. 14
..'Oct. 14
..iOct. 13
..|O<;t. 13
..Oct. 13
Crescent City..
..'Crescent City
..jOct. JS
North Fcrk ...
Eureka
Del Norte
City of i'ekir.
Coos Bay
?tate Oa'.ifornl
TItar.ia .:
..JHumtoIdt .'
.IlHumboldt
. . . 'Portland
r.g China anJ Japan
. 'Newport
la! Portland
.; .iNanalmo
. JOet! II
.. Oct. 18
.. Oct. 16
.. Oct. -1*
..•Oct. 1«
..Oct. 17
..Oct. 17
Point Artna .
Corona
MIneola
Pomona
Rival
W. H. Kruger
...iRoInt Arena
..'Snn Diego
...itacoma
..[Humboldt
...JWillapa
•..|San Pedro
..|Oot. IS
..(Oct. IS
..!Oct. IS
..IOct. 13
..[Oct. 19
..Oct. 19
ITmatilla
A'.uu. ¦'..<.
Peru
Bonlta
,..!Vlctori» :
:.| Australia
..iXow York
..JXewport
..Oct. 19
..!Oct. 19
..IOct. 2iJ
..IOct. 20
GRAPE-NUTS.
IN HIS VALISE
A Doctor Carries Grape-Nuts Food.
A physician in McDade. Tex., who
cured h:n:.-csf by the' use of Grape-Nuts
food, says: "La grippe left me a phy-
sical and nervous wreck, with indiges-
tion, dilated stomach, constipation and
neurasthenia. I tried electricity, vapor
baths, traveling, cairping and medicines,
iid baasetxm!
"Finally I put myself on Grape-
Nt:ts food, and before the first packajre
was gone I made fuch an improvement
that it secn:ed difficult to believe. ";_ I
f;:ial!y got to carrying Grape-Nuts . in
try valise, and in my pocket when I
didn't have a valise. Yesterday I se-
cured a new case of two dozen pack-
agw.
"The facts are that I could eat. and
did eat. digest ar.d assimilate the food
and gained remarkably in strenjrth. I
am now regularly spending to my prac-
tice. I have been twenty years in prac-
tice and am free to say that Grapc-
Xuts food is the most perfectly and
scientifically made food I. have ever
known. My name, for professional rea-
sons, should not be published." It can
be given privately to those who care
to inquire by the Postum Cereal Co.,
Ltd.. Battle Creek, Mich.
Anita Cream is more than a softening;, soothing prepara- ? J?
tion. It is a medical compound which removes the blem- (^d|
ishfs that mar an otherwise beautiful face. Unsightly ]3
freckle*, brown spots, liver patches, muddiness, pimples, f
tan and all other discolorations can be removed by a thor-
ough course of. Anita Cream. It coaxes a new skin. The
old skin, with all its blemishes, will gradually come off in unperceWed
particle?, thus leaving a new complexion as soft and beautiful as nature
designed it. There is nothing in Anita Cream to harm the most ddi-
cate skin nor to cause a growth of hair. Thousands, of users have
testified to the above facts.
FREE SAMPLE * r y° u cannot obtain Anita Cream of your druggist' tend
¦ £0c to us. Full particulars, instructions and a tree sair.p!»
will be njalled to any address upon receipt of 2c stamp. ANITA CREAM &
TOILET CO., 207 Franklin St. Los Anjeles. Cat,
ADVERTISEMENTS,
a H ,ve You Seen the New Gotham NO MISLEADING STATEMENTS. |
GANT--SLIP HOSE SUPPORTERS? COMPARISON IS C0MCTI08
1 The CANT SL TP holds fast to the corst and is superior THAT THIS 15 JHE BEST STORE TO 1R4DE WITH. |
§ rgZ to anything of the kind on the market. It neither loosens LADIES' BLACK SATEEN WAISTS.made of very
¦ 'A , r-f. the corsets nor siips off when stooping:. It reduces the ab- y^B/ro-S^ best Imported fast black sateen, tucked back and front. Ri
S. ' y-*L domen and produces an idedl form. Tho CAN'T SLIP Is < ?3&«S detachable collar, new sleeve, tucked Care cuff. $|.33 »
! K^y\ unbreakable, beins made of solid metal and is equipped with X*3 **??*~i3L all sizes. Our conrtct'on pr.ce K
t lY±l—~/\ the celebrated uothara Rubber Grip Loop and Button. Its <*l&k±^&3~K ?3?5-i » _ ..,.- . -^. ,w-~-wr*w ?
1 (<M\ BSSS^S&5R(SSSaE! S&*SS$K£ri&S m®B§3Sfc\ we sell exactly as we advertise. ;
* VSJl^yV elastic and imported sateen. Colors, blue, pink, black 2 5C LADIES' liLACK ALPACA "tt'AIST. made of best fast j*
$ TT riff I'll an< l rc< *- Economical Store's price -"- tfy biack iron-frame alpaca, front trimmed with twenty-four gj
1 IWVll 5 CENr5 F0R A I2 - CENT BlJTT0N ' H*P 1 jjj p-^Uner t^u^t YOUR °PPORTU- §1.50
I A\ Vl^J y7U 16. IS, 20 LINE FIN'E QUALITY PEARL BUTTONS. ff^ V
1 "MW-* V SC SAFETY PINS best quality of nickel, all sizes. «c dozen. OUR LIMES OF FLANNEL AND SILK WAISTS
S rr^T) Yi7 55} SHELL IIAIU-PINS, made of best .Italian shell I. smooth MSNIIFirTUR^ TH C M LURSELVES *?
5 finished, kind that will not tear your hair, l)c card. ALWAY* COMPLETc — l.E MANUFALJU.i- in~r.i tim^wo «
3 ' There are only 20 of them. "We can't guarantee how Ions this quantity win ,
*( B AniCC) ittn friiTcj IIVIUDFl I AQ last. For stvle and material there is none better. _-.,_,,.-».. m v
• 3 LAUlLb A1MU OLMb UlVlbKLLLAC*. 20 TAFFETA SILK WAISTS, made of very b^t joft-fln!«h^ taffeta silk. t
I Last week we secured 500 sample LADIES' AND GENTS' Umbrellas, hemstitched back and front. sl^y« * n * c?"*^^!^™^^"^^ n^! 1 1
I at about or.e-third their actual value, and it means that there will be a |
t 1 MY el y selling hor e to-morrow. new s ] eeveSi w j tn hemstitchrcl flare ruff, all new shades. Including b-^c^ Th* .
' ' j,*&s!&?%$i!fix&*v /' They include many pieces with novelty handles of hemstitching alone on the waist wr«'d rost you more than we ask §D.7o ~'
a3 1S*2jB^".w\vS(JJt*K pearl "ivory horn and Dresden. Among them are some fnr this article. .Sale. O'Farrell-street entrance
r ~r*r^f£?4'^&Sffr bteel rcd - steel frame - natural-wood handles. AQq t , T Tt _ rt _,,.„ mnT T
9 W&MF SS^5i^^»»iiiii S PRICES THAT SURPRISE. VALUES THAT TELL I
rl '&///W&X'/ "^Anofh^^er'^rTm? 1 seiT-oTe1iVn K "'by"Vouchine a JV' QUR HWDKERCKIEF DEPARTMENT. |
I WM^M / C P o r S'woo" r hand"e th f™""*.™!!L* ??. .' Sl ' 00 60 do.en LADIES' HANDKERCHIEFS, hand-embroidered initial*, hern- £
H Jy^Wi/0 Smanyother b.tt.-r at Just half their stUched^launao^. j^: a, they can,, from the Nunnery. Aston- 6 _| c ?
I S'-jfgW "S£ SeTplace second floor. O'Farrell street entrance. S^SS^^SS^S'-'^i^^S IOC |
1 HERE IS AM ARTICLE \iADF. IN OUR OWN FACTORY. |N Qm GL0VE DEPARTMEN t.
1 iw^fp^ruK fVnthe^wVth^Tofch'on^I^ llTrJ^o^Ae^f^ QS E OF THE MANY OFFERINGS. AND ITS A GOOD ONE. TOO. g
% yoke band. Colors, pink, blue and cream. Don't overlook these at ** It>g the ladies 1 "PRINCESS" OLOVE. It has no eriual for fit and fin- fc
1 " AS WE HAVE SAID BEFORE,
I IF YOU WANT AN IDEAL FORM 03 TO JOE ROSENBERG'S. ° nly^ "'«',.,^. a^, n nn rmc
I a touch to nature. \ BL, . ECONOMICAL WOMEN, READ THIS i
<*< &s£P la FRANCE GLOVE-FITTING HIP FORM. It rounds out J^Uty LADIES' KNITTED UNDERWEAR.
jCv i the tlpure aJid produces the effect desired in prevailing fash- . j t «r.Trc-nvriTi rn\TOlVATTOV ST'TTS It !9 70 <"\
\ if ONE CASE^S' WOOL VtSTS XX» PANTS. |
' 3 ab™rthem to give their patrons a perfect form. Within everybody s $| # 0Q I 'MW / Thev are made cf the best Australian wool, strum shrunk. K
5j reach * >^l^ , soft finished, the kind that won't itch or scratch. £1
MOTHERS' ATTENTION! r^i^^^^^^S^W^SS^^S I
*& \T^9 CHILD'S FERRIS WAIST, with hose supporters at- ban(J To make thig department more popular this week we w:.l offer ggj. ?*
i /UM^ th - : Garment i
1 Si^^®S2S3SS»^^5^oS • THE NEWEST CORSETS FOR WOMEN £
I r^SS^i hose supporters fir THE LOWEST PRICES EVER QUOTED.
t iSSm> 225-WRAPPER i-225 ir.', new twen^th^entu^W. B. Cor.et. r^ , ef b..t |
i ¥P%0SBi made of B ood quality flannelette, coming in striped or f^ t Vimmtd; ail sizes in irjiV. b«t only a limited quantity in S|.QO g
8 F/Ms^Pila floured i effects, rufiled yoke effect, trimmed with wash bJ k This week's money-savln K price **
I Wm® SStli^^^siiisc li^^^a%^ thc lii corsets fitted !
I -*^-2>*gr~* are bargains TTIT^TTTt'nTh iH "* llAI>IES-ioOWNS. Mde^.xtrm S
i 3000 yards more of that RIBBON that fi § J E. B. wLJaJ A.^1 jLJ M \A JL. tL X^ fle"of'lawn and torchon lajL-e. double yoke fe
t was town talk last week. It is the very . "^^ - „_,___ back, full width, new sleeve- finished wlta g
I K ; aaAgfi^----aS!S?5f 816 MARKET STREET. gS > « I SK,S?^S?SSfi. t «gSJ %
| S u de -J%™ you""^™" 1 resist | 7c RminJ nnush t0 , l0 -Farr,IISt. Hail Order, Solicit. for ,he .tune amele we retail for.. «OC |Poor singers - and counterfeiters utter
bad notes.
Mrs. I. J. Aschheim, nee E. Fleischman,
has returned and resumed practice at her
X-ray laboratory, 611 Sutter. street. •
Divorce Suits Filed.
Suits for divorce have been filed by Mar
garet Webb against William Webb for de
sertion, Charles H. Hatfleld against Alice
M. Hatfleld for cruelty and Dena Wels
blett against Mendel Weisblett for failure
to provide.
Judge W. R. Daingerfleld has been on
the Superior bench for -eight years and
has given universal satisfaction. He
should receive the vote of all citizens, Ir
respective of party. •
Drexler Estate Distributed.
Judge. Coffey has settled the final ac
count of Mrs. Ellso A. Drexltr, as execu
trix of tho will of the late Louis P. Drex
ler,-and has ordered the distribution of
decedent's estate. The collateral Inheri
tance tax has been settled and will soon
be paid.
Terba> Buena TJ. T>.— Lizzie Tonnlngsen, John
Tonningsen. Bertha 'W. Stark.
OFFICERS INSTALLED
BY MASONIC LODGE
Presentation to Retiring Grand Mas-
ter Charles L. Patton—Standing
Committees Named.
At the closing session of the Grand
Lodge of Free and Accepted Masons yes
terday the elected and appointed grand
officers were installed into office for the
current term by Past Grand Master Wil
liam A. Davies. The names of the elected
officers were published yesterday. The
appointed officers are: E. B. Church,
chaplain; John A. Hosmer, orator: Harry
Johnson, assistant secretary; Henry P.
TJmbsen, marshal;. H. Eversole, Bibl©
bearer; W. Jansen, sword bearer; B. J.
Louis. Btandard bearer; Samuel Prager,
senior deacon; J. P. Greeley. junior dea
con; J. W. Linscott, senior steward;
Thomas Baker, junior steward; William
Kettner, pursuivant; Samuel D. Mayer,
organist; George P. Adams, tyler.
After the Installation the Installing of
ficer in behalf of the Grand Lodge pre
sented the retiring grand master, Charles
Iv. Patton, with a magnificent jewel with
diamond setting, and had many kind
words to speak of the officer and his
work.
1 The grand body " directed that Past
Grand Master Patton and Grand Secre
tary George Johnson each give sittings
to an artist that their portraits might be
painted for the Temple gallery.
Grand Master Foshay has appointed the
following named standing committees:
Jurisprudence — E. M. Presto, H. X.
Rucker, William Johnson, J. B. Stevens,
F. M. Angellottl,
Finance— M, E. Flint, E. E. Stone. W.
E. Lutz, John Martin. G. H. Munroe.
Grievances— F. K. LJppltt, G. W. Hun
ter, S. A. Smith, E. Sweeney, W. McFad
dln.
Pay of members— W. W. Seamon, F. E.
Hunniwell, H. C. Bagbee, Amos Stevens,
Charles E. Mitchell.
Correspondence — William A. I>avles,
George iT. McCabe, Robert Furlong, F. J.
Corness.
Returns— "W. H. Hervey. E. H. May, E.
C. Bonner, A. \V. Davidson, "W. \V. Doug
lass.
On accounts — J. A. BeckAvlth, Thomas
Kyle, Henry Bruner, G. K. White. E. C.
Hare.
Charity— W. E. Sloan, J. A. Kingsley, J.
P. Plllsbury, W. E. Budlong, AVilliam
Bennetts.
Trustees of the "Widows' and Orphans*
Home— W. John, E. "Whipple, John Ton-
Dingsen.
Trapper's Oil curet rheum«Um'»nd n*orU«l»,
PrurrfcU. COc Cask. Richards ft Co.. 40t Cl*y.
Naval Computer Wanted.
The United States Civil Service Commis
sion announces that on October 23 an ex
amination will be held In this city and
elsewhere for the position of computer of
the Naval Observatory. Applicants should
T I. Fitzpatrick. one of the candidates
for Justice of the Peace on the Democrat
»££&£££ P^sent an assistant in the
District Attorney s office. His experience
has not been limited to" the lower courts
He has attracted attention as an Advo
cate, and as Justice of the Peace would
Kive satisfaction to the bar as well as tS
litigants seeking equal\nd impartial ju,°
uce. ,
Bad Clams Causs Disease.
The residents of the Mission in the vi
cinity of Islals Creek have complained to
the ncard of Health, that a number of
Chinamen are diggins clams near where
the sewage of the Pesthouse empties Into
the creek. The clams arc peddled about
the neighborhood, and as a result Dr
O'Brien says that the number of typhoid
oases in the locality is on the !nrr«i«
He detailed Officer Butterworth oS
an Investigation and report. K6
Columbus Buggy Co.,
Market street, between . Ninth and Tenth.
We shall sell rubber-tire road wagons at
pfl each, and other styles proportionately
low. during: th-> next sixty days. All ve
hicles up to date.
N. n— The Columbus Rupgy Companv
was awarded Gold Medal, Paris Exposi
tion, over all nations. * •
Park Concert Programme.
The prc gramme for to-day's park con
oert is as follows:
Overture*. "Tho Wanderer" Suppt
Popular r^lectlon. "The Serenade" Herbert
"Three Quotations" Sousa
<a) "Th<> Kins of France."
<b) "I. Too, Was Born In Arcaflla •'
«c) "In Darkest Africa."
ThemcB from "burrezia Bonrla" Donizetti
Overture. "RJer.zi" Warner
Horn quartet Felec W
C Schlott. O. Fohlott. C. Dabelcw'imrt K
Hnske.
r-antas'.a from -Mipnon" Thomas
Imr.Fe Annnmito Maauet
Match. -Han-la Rorpa" .'.Vsorreniino
For Convenience of Passengers
An office has been established In the Oak
land ferry depot, on the grround floor In
the center of the building, where passen
gers can leave their baggage checks,
thereby saving In the transfer of their
bacKane. our rates beins lower. Don't
give up your checks on the trains. i.lor-J
ton Special Delivery. 40S Taylor street and'
C50 Market street. •
Mayor l>eclared in the Wrong.
Auditor "Wells was Informed yesterday
by his legal adviser, Reuben H. Lloyd,
that the scheme to Increase the salaries
of Clerks Gordon and Zemansky in the
Registrar's office from $100 to $150 per
month, which has been recommended by
Mayor Phelan, will be a plain violation
of the charter If carried out. This will
be a severe blow to his Honor, who has
all alonp contended that the charter per
mits such a course. As the Auditor states
that he will positively not sign the de
mands at the increased fig-yre the Board
of Supervisors will gain nothing even If
the ordinance on the subject Is passed.
The Australia for Tahiti.
Thl»i favorite rleamer, under command of
Captain Lawless, will sail for Papeete Xovem
ber 1st. Hitherto these charming Island* of the
South Seas have been reached by eaillnp vessels,
requiring SO to tO days, but the time of n«w
steamship service will be 10H days. Ask for
particulars cf the low excursion rate at C43
Market street. •
Lottery Swindler Arrested.
Percy S. Hipginson appeared before
Judge Fritz yesterday on a chargre of
having lottery tickets In his possession
and the case was continued at his request
till Tuesday. .He was out . on $10 cash
bail and had left the courtroom before
Mrs. Kate Coftello swore to a warrant
for his arrest on the charge of obtaining
money by false pretenses. The police
weie right in their belief that Higglnson
was the man who had swindled women by
representing to them that they had won
a prize in the lottery and getting money
from them for commission. He got $2*5
from Mrs. CosteUo and took her to the
Flood building, where he disappeared. H«?
wa» arrested y»st*»rda.y afternoon by De
tectives Dinan and "Wren.
In a second Tanner realized their danger,
and without a moment's hestatlon he
sprang out of his buggy and waited for
the frenzied horse. As he dashed by
Tanner, who is an experienced horseman
and a fine rider, grabbed the dangling
r.Hc-nfns: rope. His hold was good and
strong and after belnjj dragged about half
a b.ock he eventually stopped the run
away. He received several bruises and
his clothes were badly torn, otherwise h*
was r.one the worse for his daring feat.
A large crowd gathered and Tanner re
ceived quite an ovation for his daring 1
act, but he sprang into his buggy and
drove rapidly from the scene.
Ernest Tanner, or.e of the proprietors of
the Commercial Transfer Company,
stopped a runaway horse on Baker street
yesterday at the risk of his life. Tan
r.er, accompanied by a young 1 man named
McXasiara. who is employed a-s a col
lector for Eastor.. EldriOge & Co., were
driving on Baker street in a business
As they approarhed the entrance of the
r>ark panhandle their attention was
saddenjy draAvn to a rupawa^- horse, at
tached to a rubbcr-tirtd bugpy. dashir.R
down the street. A long hitching' rope
was still iie<i round the horde's neck and
The en<i of it ivs* trailini? on the grouni'.
Tlie runaway was rr.aklnr for the park
and a number of little cnildren were
playir.g- in the street, directly in its path.
ERNEST TANNER RISKS
HIS LIFE FOR CHILDREN
Stops Frightened Runaway Horse Near the
Extrance to the Panhandle.
Marshall S5— Agnes M. Knock. William W.
Pcott, Ella F. Scott.
Mountain View ss— Belle Bend, Harry F.
McMurphy, Cora U. Pendlcton.
Raisina S9— Tena Amanda Shaw, Mark
uebster, Bettle B. Stephens.
Fallen L»uf 3D— Blla A. Anderson. Vincent J.
Cainpini, Annie J. Carpenter.
Madera £2— Emma G. Parsons, Georgft G.
Parsons, Carrie W. Harprove.
Heliotrope 93— Elizabeth Rosson, John L.
Mitchell, Willie J. Campbell.
iTilare 94 — Kathrlne Schoennemann, Jacob
uolfrom, Haute G.. Bachelder.
Bethlehem 93-OHv« n. Steinbeck, Alfred R.
Booth. Ruth A. Tiussler.
Southern Star 96— Leah N. E«rJ, Julius A.
C. Thronstrup. Henrietta Rose.
Ramora 97— Juctina M. Cook. Amos C.
\\ittemore, Emma Phcenlx.
Beulah W-Kate Barrellles. John W. Bar
aille, Fannie Ayers.
Mlzpah 100— Charlotte Travera, James W. Her
ron, Lillian Elliot.
Elaine 101— Annie Gebhart. Granville F.
FoFter, Lucille Barrett.
Violet 102— Mary Courter, John D. Seaman.
Belle Mahoney.
Golden Wave 103— Stella Fulton, Edmund A.
atklns», Eelle Schleuter.
Josephine 104— Katherlne M. Barkley, John
C. Daly. Eppy It. Kerr.
Hormosa 105— Maud E. Bowes, Walter M.
Scott, Anna L. True.
Ungavs. 106 — Nellie Anderson. Ashley S.
Parker, Anna A. Rioe.
Corona 107— Carrie C. Llnd, Edward W.
Hills, Dora Rodgers.
Elk Grove 100— Helena J. Stephenson, Wil
liam T. Stephenson. Agnes M. Smith.
Pomona 110— Anna Dreber. Henry C Ander
son. Mary E. Garthside.
Ocean View 111— Debo Wallace, Thomas J.
Richards. Mary A. Jarvis.
Hesperian 112— Amanda Cramer, Howard W.
Meylert. Mary Emerson.
Santa Monica 113 — Cora S. de Force, Isaac
A. Willis, Lulu Miller.
Palm Leaf 114— Adah B. McFarland, Samuel
J. R. Gilbert, MJnta E. Bearss.
Corlta 115— Etta F. Wever, Joseph H. Ford
erer. Susie G. Sturtevant.
Truckee 116— Mary E. Barton, Joseph Marzen,
Elma A. Frnnzlnl.
Columbus 117— Belle Stephenson. Charles W.
Morton, Fannie Steinman.
AVoodbrldge 118— Emma L. McClelland. Fralik
II. Ashley, Casfie P. Burkett.
Amapola 119— Minnie R. Powers, James • W.
Grace, Annie F. Dunn.
Electa 120— Minnie J. Waters, Joseph A. Mil
ler, Mary PolklnKhorne.
Esther 121— Malvina Platt, Michael A. Mur
phy, Annie Thompson.
Adah 122— Mlnne D. Noyes, Hermap Werner,
Clara R. Jamison.
Tuolumne Star 123— Lottie Klein. Marion C.
Johnson.
Harmony 124— Emma Carter. John C. Kim
ball.
Bakersfleld 125— Carrie D. Ryan, Samuel P.
Wlble, Rebecca L. Alexander.
Mercedes 126— Neil L. Dunn, William G.
.eorard, Augusta Zirker.
• Lucerne 127— Sallie I, Fassett, Stephen B.
Hicks. Isabelle Van Valkenburgh. <
Los Gatos 12S— Phebe J. Fretweld, Jesse J.
Cornell, Helena G. Templeton.
Sierra Star 129— May L. Dolley, Samuel H.
Crow, Lily F. Millar.
Clover Leaf 130— Annie Wilson, Richard S.
Markell, Lena A. Brush.
Fidelity 131-Florenee A. Gill. Alexander
Levy, Ida H. McCoy.
South Gate 133— Leila Roberts, Lauren T. Hol
land, Mary S. Brock.
Angels 134— Myrtle Lee. Charles Lee, Katie.
Thomas. '
Semper Fidelia 135— Mary A. McKown, Wll
lian H. Wright, Anna I. Beck.
Centinela 136— Carrie M. Jameson, Henry A.
W. 'Forchlana, Hester A/ Pfltzer.
Clear Lake 137— Sarah A. Greene. Jabez
Banks, Helen J. Myers.
Summit 13S— Ella M. Mero, Charles T. Ken
nedy Henrietta M. O. Lowe.
Orestlmba. 139— Beatrice P. Wllmans, Alex
ander 11. Williams. Ella Kllburn.
Oakland 140— Allie F. White, John F. Towle.
Laura I. Leber.
Mlramome 141— Stella H. Clark, Rudolph
Muender. Charlotte Muender. • '
Copa del Oro 142— Annamara Tuck, Charles
L. Clock. Rebecca Clock.
Norwalk 143— Sarah L. Mason. George R.
Frampton. Louisa M. Sproul.
Lyra 144— Mahnla W. Harney, Sydney M. Al
lison, Mary C. Livingston.
Jasmine 145— Frankle T. Graham, John W.
Calvert. Orella I. Hurt.
Oelano 146— Rsrtha F. Kramer, John J.
Schlitz, Parah E. Smith.
Pearl 147— Augusta Mays, William A. Galnes,
Amy V. Murselman.
Martha 148— Nellie" Van Horn, George A.
Macpherson, Anna Macpherson.
Del Norte 149— Ellen Marie Lipowltz, Philan
der L. Elwell. Ethel M. Hughes.
Lodl 150— Blanche D. Cary. George W. Le
Moln. Lillie Ferdln:
¦ Chlspa 151— Margaret C. Hlgglns, Joseph
Helmren, Inez L. Fddy.
Silver State 132— Annie B. Evans, Reuben
Battels, Hattio Wolf.
Mt. Shasta ir.3— Julia Hawkins, John L.
Kempton. Louisa C. Burbank.
Escondido 154— Ella W. Hartshorn, James E.
Thomas, Mary B. Turrentlne.
Mlrslon 153— Alice F. Hlckle, George- D.
Flack. Hattie A. McPhun.
Argenta 156 — Anna M. Warren, Robert M.
Jackson, Nancy Plon.
Gait 158— Media Baldwin. Paredes H. Latour
ette, Lizzie Gower.
Penryn 1J9 — Ella A. Owens, John H. Cush-
Ing, Mary M. Laird.
Occident 1G0— Mary L. Stevens, Perley C.
Mitchell. Ada D. Hall.
Gold Ridge 161— Helen D. Watson, Alexander
Ragle. Minnie Laton.
Crown 162— Ella A. Sears, George R, -Free
man, Viola J. Randall.
Scepter 163— Louise E. Burke, Amador F. Col
trln, Leonora M. Tiffany. ,
Onisbo 164— Elizabeth D. Runyon. , Thomas
W. Dean. Mattle S. KerchevaJ. • , , •»
Crescent 165— Laura Manuel, George L, True,
Eliza L. Morley. •
Iphigenia 166— Mary Jones, John Hancock Sr..
Eliza Kind.
Esperanza- 167— Caroline M. Musaus, Charles
G. Stivers, Grace M. Stivers. ¦ '
Los 168— Lucia B. Martin, Willlarn
B.- Scarborough, Clara B. Fowler.
Olive Branch 169— Melissa. G. McConkey, Al
bert M. Taylor. 'Annie L. Arper.
King Solomon . 170— Martha E. . Blade, Arthur
M. 'Blade. Nancy A. Wood.
Carnation 171— Hanna V. Smith, Peter, Brown,
Susie A. Venable. .' \
Lexington 172 — Emma Clemlnson, Isaac • F
Baker, Maud H. Davis.
Long Branch 173— ijva H. Thornburg, Charles
E. Mitchell. Elizabeth H. Mitchell.
Harbor 174— Alice Pearce, Edward E. Touni
Hllma P. Hult.
Slsson 176 — Vina R. Cross, Charles E. GH<3
den, Georgle A. Pratt.
Mlsuellto U. D.— Idella "Webb, Harry C. Dim
ock, Anna L. Dlmock. ¦ • ' - - - •
Orient U. D.— Man' C. Allen. Thomas C
Huxley. Alice A. Ralph.
Berkeley U. D.— Lydla J. Wharff, Warren G.
Sanborn, Lavlna J. McClain.
Ontario U. D.— Jane Piddlngton, Albert D
Moore. Lolse A. Benniak.
• Golden State U. D.— Sue E. King, George XV
Moore. Kittle T. West. .
Heber U. D.— Mary Jane Huff, " Isidor Levl-
Bon. Marie . El Maker.
THE next session of the Grand,
Chapter of the Order of the East
ern St.ir of the jurisdiction of Cal
ifornia and Nevada will open in
San Jose on Tuesday next.
There will be at that session represent
atives from 15S chapters, who will repre
'sent more than 12,000 members. The re
ports will show a substantial gain in
chapters, membership and finances. The
order has at no other time been in such
a prosperous condition as it is at present.
There has been a net gain of more than
1000 members and an addition of eleven
new chapters. ;
Tho grand patron, George Louis Dar
ling, who will In a few days retire from
office, has the distinction of being the
only member of the order who has ever
j been elected, associate gTand patron and
i then grand patron. Who is likely to fol
j low him, or. who will be the grand ma
i tron. Is something that no one can fore
j tell, for In this order there are no nomin
ations for officers until the order of busi
ness calls for such. As a rule, a half
dozen representatives, under that head,
announce themselves as candidates.
Tho following named are the grand of
ficers: George Louis Darling, patron;
Fannie Thomas McCowen, matron:
Charles C. Corblere. associate ; patron:
Lulu Lucas, associate matron; Kate J.
Willats, secretary; Isabelle L. Vawter,
treasurer: Annie Johnson, conductress;
Minnie Hallett, associate conductress;
Mary C. Devereaux, chaplain; Hattle
Foree, marshal; Carrie B. HofC, Adah;
Annie Klemmer, Ruth"; Mary P. Corell,
Esther; Jennie Hall, Martha: Arnes Co
nant, Electa; Caroline A. Spauldingr. or
ganist; Mary J. Beemer, warder, and
Minnie Brown, sentinel. «
In addition to the grand officers, all
pact grand officers and past patrons and
matrons of chapters are members of the
grand body.
The representatives to the Grand Chap
ter from the various chapters are:
Golden Gate No. 1— Manraret B. Bradley
Florin K. Jones, Maud TV. Terwilllnyer.
Sulsun 2— Idell Praiher, John A. Anderson,
Grace Losh.
Silver Star 2— Julia McDonell, John J. Arm
strong, Louise Armstrong.
Oak Leaf S— Evelyn F. Mayon. Geor&o H.
Smith. Salo L. Beckwlth.
Evar.gellne 9— Elizabeth Gribble, William E.
Meserve, Susie N. Edminster.
Evening- Star 10— Laura M. Wetmore, Alexan
der Parker Jr.. Janet Nutting.
Martha Washington ]3— Myrtle C. Hall, Jo
seph F. Wright, Sallie C. Larkins.
St. Johns 14— Ella W. McMurray, John Mc-
Murray, Elenor C. Dannenbiink.
Welcome 17— Xellie G. Levlsay, George C.
Strode, Elma L. Bystyle.
Lily of the Valley IS— Cora Blxby, EdvfSrd G.
Burland, Zlnnie Kldder.
Idlewlld 19— Ida M. Folsom, Benjamin A.
Plant. Ella H. Taylor.
Vesper 20— Alice L. Bransford, Alexander M.
McCoy. Ella Thureson.
Acacia 21— Allie A. Hewitt, Edmund K, Alex
ander, Magpie E. Bodman.
Ferndale 23 — Anna . Monroe, Frank Hanley.
Lena Hanley.
Northern Light 2C — Ella N. Dunham, George
W. Tatcher; Lillian M. Sherarln.
Ivy 27— Frances L. Bonlfield, P»oy T. Kim
ball. Harriet T. Noah.
Vaeaville 2S— Hattie P. Gates, George F.
Wooderson, Laura McKevltt.
Silver Gate 30— Cathrlne A. Estey, Elmore M.
Billings. Ad41e M. Billings.
San Jose 31— Lessle M. Hancock, Clalr C.
Marckres, Clara N. May.
Rose Valley 33 — Emma- P. Meneray, David E.
Martin. Barbara A. Dogjrett.
Vernon 3S— Laura UulT, Arthur Rlchter, Eliza
beth L Ulchter.
Naomi 36— Emma A. Bldwell. Charles J.
Noark. Mabel B. Seymour.
Stella 33 — Kate M. Tapscott, Robert Rankln,
Rlioda A. Gregory.
Aurora <0— Hannah J. Rodgers, Isador Stein,
Nellie Mitchell.
Lily of the Lake — Annie B. Long, Robert E.
Foley. Ida M. Anderson.
Ariel 42— Miriam E. Belshaw, Worth 8.
George. Maud Weeks.
Redding 44— Clara E. Chadwlck, Charles C.
Corbiere. Mary W. Eaton.
CeanothUB 4J— Mary E. Norton, ' Roscoe G.
Norton, Ada M. Flint.
Athena 46— Helen C. Hamilton, Heylln B.
Harris. Josephine Hawkins.
Reveille Chapter— Stella W. Odell, Thomas
C Edwards. I>>lla M. Vanderhurst
Wheatlani <t-AnnIe R. Purcell, Wlllard
Hanson, Lou Frase.
Placer 49 — Carrie E. Hamilton, John Nichols,
Gertie Huderhol.
Homo 00— Ksther A. Needham, Herman C.
Bareman. Tauline W. IJohrman.
Alturas 61— Susla H. Archer, Andrew J.
M*yer. KHa K. Sloss. ' *
Sincerity 53— Nettle Drury, George TV. Boy
dcn. Lou Treleven.
Marysville 65— Nancle D. Combs, William J.
F»>nn, Bertha A. Menz.
Fidelia 56— Sadie J. Peck, Lawrence Schilling,
Annie Mcltae.
Crystal t«7— Iva E. TVoodward, TVllllam I.
May, Virginia J. Ball.
Kingsley S8— Mabel A. Smith, Harvey Lance,
Carrie Ganter.
Silver Spray 59— Lizzie Stoddard, James B.
Gardner. Jennie C. finrdner.
Yolo 60— Ella A. Miller, William B. Laug«
nour, Bertha Gaddls.
Mornlntr Star 61— Amelia Falkner. Edward
W. M. Evans, Emma Goshen.
Mountain Kern C2 — Minnie B. Epps, Isaac G.
Swift, Jean H. SornberKer.
Camellia C3— Hattle M. Conarft, Emery J.
Chapman. Rloise S. Pettinsrill.
Unity 65— Emma A. Umpherd, William TV.
Neal. Unlce A. Gllnes.
Golden Star 60— Stella M. Glavlnovlch, Rob
ert J. Adams, Mary J. Penry.
Friendship C7— Iva Sparks, Amos M. Powers,
Almary Pchuler.
Ocean Spray 6< — Annie !•. Ellis, Daniel B.
Fifleld. Carrie Mitchell.
Queen Efther 71— GeorBlana M. Balch, John
Lith~ow, Frances Gunsolus.
Electa 72— Mae R. Davis, George R. Stoddard,
Emily Cressy.
Magnolia.. 73— Stella Meads. George E. Skelll
corn. Inez G. Fltrgerald.
Esther 74 — Minnie B, Clark. George H.
Knight. Minnie G. James.
Silver TV'av* 75— Annie W. Flagrgr, Michael B.
Daly, Leila E. Holcomb. •
Rohnen-llle 76— Mary B. Lamb, Brice H. Mc-
Neil. Annie Underwood.
Azalla 77-rMary M. Early, Alfred I* Wyllie,
Alice F. Hally. •
Ventura ~9— Leona E. f Lincoln, Willis P. Lln-
coin, Emma C. Cook,
Augusta 80 — Kannie Brown, Charles M.
Brown, Sarah Burton.
Sotoyome 82— Nettie A. Chlsholm, Glenn E.
Murdock. Mary Ll Gale. '
Molino • 83— Mary-. E. •Tartar, John Simpson
Lulu A. Simpson.
Verltaa 5t— Sarah E. Seawell, C. I*. Hlckok.
Marie Shever.»
Valley of th« , Moon • 86— Florence Cutter.
Hush H. Da via.. Annie -Popp*. _'
GEORGE LOUIS DARLING. ONLY MEMBER OF THE ORDER OF EAST
ERX STAR WHO HAS BEEN' ELECTED ASSOCIATE AND THEN
GRAND PATRON.
THE SAX iqiAJSCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, ui/ruJ5i!JK 14, 19OU.
GRAND CHAPTER, ORDER OF EASTERN
STAR, WILL MEET TUESDAY MORNING
Tihe Delegates Are to. Convene lit. .Ariiramal Session 'at
. Sara Jose.-
30
AUVXBTISEaiElfTS.
In face of the 80
; per cent advance on
sealskins and the
anticipation of still
greater advances,
we. advise intend-
Iirig purchasers to
buy now and avoid
the rush before the
holidays.
There is no doubt
but that our quota-
tions on sealskin
garments are fully
2.% per cent lower
than those of any
other fur house in
the world.
Fit, Finish and
Qu?JitvGuaranteed.
I Our N?w Fashion
Book mailed on re-
quest.
1 r-'CORPO^ATEO
K vfi-i-,jYos\ft.Sr
Big Sale.
Porcelain Ware
Unique Border Decoration. ,
Caps and Saucers ij ctfs -
Oat "leal Bowls. ijcts
3F*itclier— 4 pints y... 44 eta
Roast Elsli— z6 isicli .. 76 cto
fiottt* Tureen. Si.ji
Tea I'ois .. 64 eta
8us:ar-l3cwl9 44 cts
Cream I'itclicr 20 els
Fancy China Clocks
- KaeIi.Ci.2o, 1.8S 2.00, S?*8o
T**e are Ctzltlns: Pricc9
ell to Pieces During" Our
Dig: Clearance Sale.
Great American ImjJortiBff Tea Go.
HO Grmnt «v«.. bet. Sutter. *nd Fort ata.
t££l Market ft., opp. Powell , ..
t' Market st.. Junctl»n California. •
GVU liliATxCU STOItES KVEar\mEHB,
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
lf.r\£ R 5£i£ ESTOnATtVE - i--.vioon.v-
...fOR...
JUDGE OF THE SUPERIOR COURT,
UNEXPIRED TERM,
FRANK H. KERRIGAN,
REGULAR REPUBLICAN XOMIXEE. '
EYE-GLASSES
Of high power at low prices.
PHOT OCR APHIC OUTFITS
- That hold without plnchlas
OPERA-GLASSES
For 80 cents and upwards.
Developing and Print lne.
Oculists* prescriptions filled. Factory on Drem.
lses. Quick repairing. Phone. Main W.
OPTICIANS>^ OI^^WT W .
642 Market 5t. instrumentj
ur«DEB CHROwcit BuiiD!N&. CATALOGUE FRtC
Satisfactory
Underwear
We term ours satisfactory under wear, because itfits
perfectly, looks well, feels comfortable and wears to your
entire satisfaction; and in addition is reasonable in price.
Our stock is complete consisting of
Combination suits at $i-oo, 1.25, 1.75UP to Sg.oo a suit
Equestrian tights... at 50c, 75c, $1.25 up to $7.50 a pair
Vests at 50c, 75, S1.00 up to $7.50 each
Drawers at 50c, Sr.oo, $1.25 up to $5.00 a pair
Special
Ladies vests and pants ; heavy winter weight, ribbed
Egyptian cotton vests with drawers to match in ecru and
white, price 50 C each. !'
. A dollar for a
Kid Glove
Our "Amazon" is a glove that is superior to many
and equaUto any $1.25 glove sold in San Francisco;
every pair is guaranteed and will be fitted if desired.
Ladies' Handkerchiefs
Hand embroidered colored linen handkerchiefs are at
present the correct style in Paris ; we have a good assort-
ment in many colors at
' 'V*\ l nnH SOr u
Ladies' hand embroidered, all linen initialed handker-
chiefs, special value at'
\[)C aorh
Wool Shawls
'All wool woven shawls, 36 inches square, colors; red
blue, pink and white, price
45c each. '
Crocheted Slippers
Hand made of the best quality Germantown wool, in
all shades,' with good soft leather soles, at
$1:00 a pair
129 Kearny Street
DR.MQNULTY.
T"rs WErX-K>'OWN AND RFU\BLFn!n
•Hied Dliorderi Voo^'orf^; mp " ten # c^* nU tbrie
»O>,I£earnyst., San FrancUco. ctU
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Dry Thin and Falling Hair
and Red Rough Hands
Prevented by
JIxxlioxs use Ccticcra Soap exclusively for preserving, purifying,
acd beautifying the skin, for cleansing the scalp of crusts, scales,-
and dandruff, nnd the stopping of falling Lair, for softening, whiten-
ing, and soothing red, rough, and sore hands, in the form of baths for
annoying irritations, inflammations, and dialings, or too free or
offensive perspiration, in the form of washes, for ulcerative weak-
ECSe-es', and for many sanative antiseptic purposes which readily sug-
pest themselves to women, and especially to mothers, and for all the
purposes of the toilet, bath, and nursery. No amount of persuasion
can induce those who have once used it to use any other, especially for
preserving and purifying the 6kiu. scalp, and hair of infants and chil-
dren. Cuticuba Soap combines delicate emollient properties derived
from CcTiCCKA, the great skin cure, with the purest of cleansing ingre-
dients and the most refreshing of flower odors. No other medicated
soa£ ever compounded is to be compared with it for preserving, puri-
fying, and beautifying the skin, scalp, hair, and hands. No other for-
eign or domestic toilet soap, however expensive, is to be compared with
it for all the purposes of the toilet, bath, and nursery-. Thus it com-
bines in One Soap at Oxe Pkick, viz., Twenty-five Cents, the best
skin and complexion soap, best toilet and best baby soap in the world.
Complete External and internal Treatment for Every Humor,
CouSetiaj: of C'n ;•¦; t.a Soap, to cleanse the Fkin and ecalp of cruet* and scales, and soften
the thteknmd eatSde, Cmcru Ointment, to Instantly allay itching tm\ irrittuiou. and sootha
B-nA heal, ai.d C;Turni IJesoi.vkst. to cool and cleanse the blood. Price, TnE Set, S1.25; or,
hOA^. :T>c.. OisTJtSKT, ice.. Kf.solvtnt. tOc told Ihrouthout the world. Pottkh I>ruo and
Casx.Cocr .t^cle I ro; e., Cottia, U. S. A. ** How to have UcautifulSkia.Iluir, and Uands," free.
GLOVE 1
RIBBON and
HOSIERY DEPTS.
We Myb just opened anil
placed on sale our Fall Importa-
tion of the CELEBRATED REY-
NIER GLOVES, in fiotb Suede ani
Glace, all the latest shades,
SPECIAL.
125 dozen FRENCH KID GLOVES, 2 or 3 clasp, In
either Suede or Glace, all tlie latest shades, wltn Paris
Point Embroidery
Price $I.OO pair
95 Cartons (850 pieces) NEW DOUBLE FACED
SATIN LIBERTY RIBBON, fine finish, the latest Fall
shades, aoods full 31 Inches wide.
Price 30c yard
375 pieces latest weave SATIN TAFFETA RIBBON,
sort finish, 4 inches in width; these rlhhons are In
Creams, White, Pinks, Blues, Lavenders and 30 other
new shades. Price 3Oc yard
3 cases LADIES' NATURAL GRAY SANITARY "
WOOL VESTS and DRAWERS In all sizes.
Price $1.25 each
200 dozen Extra Quality UNLAUNDERED SHIRIS.
both long and short hosoms.
Price 5Oc each
III. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
We are selling Oak '
Cribs this QQ ftfi
week for.., OOiUU
Pretty Low Price, Isn't It?
A large order of
Art Srjuares of all
descriptions has teen
received and awaits
inspection.
THE J. NOONAN
FURNITURE COMPANY. Inc..
1017-1023 MISSION STREET
Phone South 14. Abovs 6U1, Saa Fraadjco.
ADVERTISEMENTS.Mrs. Grace Clark Takes Desperate Steps to Prevent Her
Children From Passing From Her Custody Into
Hands of Their Father's* Relatives.
mind. No bullet marks or sigrs or blood
were found on the Noe street premises,
and no evidence that a crime had really
been committed seemed to exist. Finally
Mrs. Clark produced the weapon, from
which one cartridge had recently been
discharged. Then some of the neighbors
admitted that they had heard what might
have been a pistol shot. The time they
stated tallied w!th that given by the self
confessed shooter, and these discoveries
began to lend color to the story. Mrs.
Clark was then taken to the new Hall of
Justice and locked up in the tanks, while
the police continued their investigations.
What puzzled the polite was the where
abouts of the injured man. who had sn
mysteriously disappeared. That he had
been hit was apparently proven by the aJ>
sence of bullet marks in the hallway,
where the woman alleged sho had met
him.
Captain Seymour detailed Detectives
Graham ar.d Fitzgerald on the case, and
they finally located the injured man at
the Waldeck. The proprietors of th<5
sanatorium made every effort to keep
Clark's presence there a secret, and when
WOMAN DRIVES HER FORMER
HUSBAND FROM HER HOUSE
WITH BULLET IN SHOULDER
Mowry Hall Meeting Postponed.
The Democratic meeting at,Mowry Hall
for next Tuesday night has been post
poned a week, as it has been found that
J. H. Henry, candidate for Congresp from,
the Fifth District, could not be present
The County Committee will devote its en
ergy to the success of the meeting of the
Thirty-second District Democrats at 530
Third street on that night.
Assaulted by the First Cook.
Frederick Wilkins, who up to last night
m second cook at the Ahlborn House,
on Grant avenue, appeared at the Receiv-
Alnir Hospital to hai - e a broken nose re
paired, wilkins quit work and presented
.¦is time to the nrst.cook for his O. K-
The first cor.k. instead of affixing hia Ini
tials to the bill, broke 'Wilkins' nose with
a. dish.
Olson Called on the Lady.
Alfred Olson, a cooper and a married
man, started to call on a lady acquaint
ance on Perry street, between Fourth
and Fifth. last night. He was met
on the sidewalk In front of the house by
Julius Oppenheimer. who smote him three
heavy blow? on the head. Olson was re
moved to the Receiving Hospital, where
three abrased wounds on the scalp were
treated by Dr. Dray. Oppenheimer was
arrested by Policemen D. C. Murphv and
John Bhlnkwln and charged with a"n as
sault with a deadly weapon.
Delta Chi fraternity.
The Delta Chi Fraternity on Thursday
night entertained its friends with a tror
ley ride, followed by a dinner. Those who
attended were: Mesdames Grace- Horner,
Estella Acres, Alice Bremer. Jennie Bell!
Lizzie Bellrude, Edfth Woodrum, Maud
Hart. Miss "Wheeler, Lena Bellrude, Miss
Kelly, Miss McDonald, Miss Lehman, Miss
Smith, , Dave . Harris, Samuel Hammond,
William Mentz, Thomas Melghon, Ray
mond Hurley, Morton Hart, Stanley Over
hlser, Hugo - Rami, Mr.' Buchnoggen. Ju
lius Genzel, Mr. Rafael, Gregory Rogers
and Mr. Emerson.
Death of David C. Smith.
David C. Smith, superintendent of sta
tion C postofflce. at Twentieth and Mis
sion streets. di?d yesterday at his resi
dence. 2Q30 Mission street. Deceased was
well known in the Mission, having been
connected wiUi the late "William Center in
the drygoods business in that section for
many years. Mr. Smith was a prominent
Mason and a member of the Royal Arch
degree. He leaves a widow.
Lick Defeats Lowell at Football.
The Lick School of Mechanical Arts
football team retrieved the defeat It suf
fered at the hands of the Lowell High
School eleven a week ago by taking the
measure of its opi>onent to the tune of 16
to Xi yesterday morning on the gridiron at
Bixt'tmh and Folsom streets. A large
band of rooters from each Kchool attend
ed the panie and made the welkin ring
•with their shouts of encouragement and
derision. Lick had things its own way.
Th<* eleven youths who upheld the colors
of that school simply plowed through the
Lowell itpirreKation.
Grand Patron Honored.
Golden Gate Chapter No. 1. Order of the
Eastern Star, tendered a reception last
evening in Golden Gate Hall to Grand
Patron G. L. r>arling on the eve of his
retiring from ofllce. There were several
hundred members present, who were en
tertained with an Interesting programme
of musical and literary numbers, after
» wl J. 1C i h f JO??*}* v, L - . Jones ' the patron, on
behalf of the chapter, presented the grand
patron with a diamond set gold jewel of
his rank. The evening closed with danc
ing under direction of Mrs. Ada R. Dun
can and the matron, patron and past ma
trons and patrons, who composed the
committee on entertainment.
McHugh was a most cowardly and unpro
voked one. A ten days' stay of execution
was granted.
In Judge Cook's court Peter Nelson ap
peared for sentence on a charge of bur
glary. He broke into a house at 113 Clin
ton street and stole a coat, vest and hat.
¦which he was wearing when arrested.
Seven prior convictions for petty larceny
had been put In against Nelson, and the
Judge remarked that If he took cognizance
of them the sentence against the prisoner
would be life. Instead of that he would
sentence him on the charge of burglary
in the first decree and mould impose the
highest penalty, fifteen years In the Fol
som State prison.
Cracksmen Attempt
. Jobs in Three
The case of Albert Frederick George
Vereneseneckockcckhoff, called Hoff for
short, who was charged with the murder
of Mrs. Mary A. Clute. was called.. The
case was set for trial on, November 21.
and an order was made Instructing the
Sheriff to bring the accused from San
Quentin and produce him in court at that
time. Hoff, .after being sentenced to
death. Was granted, a new trial by the
Supreme 4 Court on the ground of error in
the Judge's charge.! to the jury on the
question of motive. ; Mrs. Legg, who Is an
Important witness In the ease. will come
from Chicago with her husband to testify.
In Judge -Lawlor's department of the
Superior Court a» the Hall; of Justice'yes
terday Harrison Porter, a young "tough,"
who was convicted by, a jury on Septem
ber 18 of an assault. with a deadly weapon
upon Policeman Hugh McHugh. in 1 a barn
at Twelfth and Harrison streets, appeared
for sentence. The court ordered that he
serve two years In San \ Quentin. This Is
the maximum penalty for the offense and
was • Imposed < because a prior ¦ conviction
on a charge of petty :larceny was admit
ted' by the defense, arid the assault unon
. . ; ,. ..-.¦¦¦ « .- • • ¦•-¦?;t^
HOFF'S TRIAL SET FOR NEXT MONTH.
POLICE ARE SEEKING SAFE-BREAKERS
Porter and Nelson
. Receive Their
Sentences.
Their third attempt was at -the estab
lishment of the Bauer Lamp and Reflector
Company. 529 Mission street, early Thurs
day morning. The place was entereel from
the rear. The safebreakers- made their
way into the cellar and from there by
means of a trapdoor to the office. As In
the Brooks-Follis store, they had con
nected a wir>> with the wire of the arc
lights, with the object of drilling 1 a hole
into the safe after knocking off the com
bination, but were not successful, as the
distance was too great. They then forced
open the till and took Jl 15. but left
checks and valuable papers undisturbed.
Drawers and cabinets had been thorough
ly ransacked for plunder, but none was
found. Three rolls of brass had been
locked together and so placed that they
could be easily removed In the event of.
beln? disturbed, but as they were left
behind tt Is- * presumed, that the safe
crackers were disturbed and fled precipi
tately, x. ..:,:;. ,
had to depart without obtaining any
booty.
The second .ittempt was ma/to on tho
office safe of the Pacific Rolling Mills, 41S
Mission street, last week. Th* cracksmen
broke the combination and tried to blow
open the safe by means of powder, but
again failed. Then they pried open the
drawers in the counter in the expectation
of getting some? money, but found none.
•Their first attempt was on the safe in
the -establishment of the Brooks-I-ollls
Electrical Supply Company, 523 Mission
street, about three weeks ago. They tried
to 'open the safe, after knocking off the
combination, by bringing the power from
the wires on the regular circuit by means
of a connecting wire and using It In drilling
a hole through tho steel, but failed. They
The police have, ample evidence of the
fact that a gang of daring safe-crackers
is in the city, and the surprising thing is
that they are confining their operations to
one street. They have made three at
tempts to crack safes on Mission street,
but In every instance have been unsuc
cessful, although, their, mode of operation
has. shown that they are skilled in the
business.
Mission-Street Safes.
They Tampar Unsuccessfully With
BUSY BURGLAES.
CHILDREN TO BE TATJGHT
THE CULINARY ART
Cooking School Opened by Mrs. M.
Shepherd Has Already Many
Pupils.
The Children's Cooking School was
opened last night at 942 Harrison street
under most auspicious circumstances.
The children assembled at the school
shortly after 8 o'clock and were treated
to a splendid impromptu concert. Tho
main hall was beautifully decorated for
the occasion with cut flowers and tho
ceiling was hung with many colored
Japanese lanterns. Mrs. Maryland Shep
herd, who has worked so hard to mak*
the school a success, had arranged every
thing to make the children happy and lit
the close of the programme gave the lit
tle tots a sumptuous supper. Among
those who assisted in the musical pro
gramme were Miss Craig, Miss Shoting
and Mrs. Taylor.
On next Monday afternoon the school
will be formally opened and the first
cooking lesson given. There are over
thirty children who have registered and
expressed the wish to become proficient
in the culinary art. They will also be
instructed in all general housework, so
that when they become older they can
secure positions as domestic 'servants
without any difficulty. •
HENSY Z. HIGHTON TO SPEAK.
Though Still a Democrat.
Will T:ll Why He Opposes Bryan,
Henry E. Highton will be the speaker
?t tho next Republican rally, which will
be held at Metropolitan Temple Tuesday
nlsht. Mr. Highton. a life-loner Democrat
who maintains that he is still a Democrat,
will teil why he is opposed to Bryanism
and why he will vote for McKinley and
Re:osevelt.
Senator Georsre C. Perkins will begin his
campaigning tour with an address at Ne
vada City Thursday night.
S. M. Shortridge, who spoke at S;irra
mento last night, will start on a second
tour this week, bejjlnnlng at Red BluJT
Tuesday night. He will speak in San.
Francisco at Metropolitan Temple Tues
day night.. October 23.
FATHZEYOBKE ON THE
?'PEIEST IN POLITICS."
A. lecture for the Benefit of the Im
provement Fund of St. Peter's
Parish.
A lecture for the benefit of the Im
provement fund of St. Peter's Parish will
be given by Father Yorke October 2o. in
Metropolitan Temple. The subject of the
lecture will bo "the Priest In Politics."
Tickets are $1; reserved seats. $1 bO.
Tickets are on s=a!e at the parochial resi
dence. 250G Twer.ty-fourth street, and also
at Mahonry's drug store. Tenth and Fo!
botii s?tre-ets; GaJl.ipher Bros.. IS McAllis
ter street: O'Brien's Book Store. 227 Hayes
Ftreet; Deasv Bros., 20 Sixth street; Miss
Hddesw HS Fourth street; D. J. Kccfe.
Twenty-third and Harrison: Dawson's
Pharmacy. Twenty-third and Valencia;
Withers Drug Co.. -Valencia and Nine
teenth; Castro-strect Pharmacy. Twenty
f'.i:rth and Castro; Shumate's Pharmacy,
Sutler and Devisadero; P. A- Buckley.
1C11 Stockton street. Reserved seats may
be obtained only at J. J. Gildea's, 756
Market Ftreet. ; •
they failed In that tried to pledge the
fleers to secrecy. »
Mrs. Clark when seen at the prison
refused to say much about the case. Her
children had beer, taken to the home of
their aunt, on Geary street. The woman'3
father, J. P. Davidson, however, talked]
to Captain Seymour and said that h!j
daughter had been persecuted and dogged
by her husband. He satil that Clark had
refused to contribute anything to the sup
port of the children and that but a few
days ago in court' a Judge had made him
produce $12 as part of the alimony that
was still due. Davidson accuses Clark of
having resigned his position with, Hol
brejoK, Merrill & Stetson, which paid
him $73 a month, to avoid paying; the al
lowance to his wife. Recently he ha*
been In business as an advertising asenr.
with an eifflce on Market street. It is
not thought that the wound in Clark/3
shoulder will prove serious, as ths pistol
used was a small, cheap affair.
Late last night Mrs. Clark was formal
ly charged with assault to murder. She
was Immediately released on $1000 cash
bail, furnished by her father.
At a late hour la^t night Clark hail
not been operated upon. He was resting
easily.
Clark's statement Is that he went to hfa
wife's home* for the purpose of taking his
little boy downtown to purchase a rim?
for him as a Christmas present. He did
not anticipate any trouble, for he has fre
quently taken the children out. They
went with him tr» the last circus. He wn*
consequently surprised when Mrs. Clark
fired at him. He knew that he was hit.
but' did not believe he was seriously hurt.
two boys and hid them away In a closet.
Then she armed herself and waited for
the man's cominsr.
About half-pa«t 1. o'clock Clark rang the
bell. The woman who lived on the second
floor of the building, stood at the heael of
the staircase and swung open the door.
Hardly had Clark entered when she ques
tioned him as to his business and he re
plied that his letter had explained all.
Then the mother ordered him to halt, and
warned him not to take another step in
her direction. Instead of heeding the
warning he began to climb the stairs, at
the same unbuttoning his coat. The wo
man says she thought he was about to
draw a revolver and fired at him.
Mrs. Clark's aim was sure. The bullet
struck Clark in the right shoulder and
with a cry of pain he staggered back to
the foot of the stairs, opened the door and
passed out into the street. With the blood
streaming from ihe wound Clark boarded
a Castro-street car and rode elowntown.
After the shooting Mrs. Clark concealed
the revolver In a rtour bin and took the
two children in the home of a neighbor.
She then bonrded a car and rode to the
City Hall. To the officers In the Southern
police station the woman tolel the story
of the shooting. She said she did not
know how. badly Clark was injured, but
was positive that she had hit him. She
was eletaineel and finally Policeman A. J.
F. Noltinj? took her back to her home.
The* police imrrediately began an Inves
tigation of what threatened for a time to
be a very mysterious case. The injured
man could not be located, and it began to
look as thoueh the -tale of the shootlns
had been but the rambllngs of a crazed
WHEN ELMER F. CLARK CAME TO TAKE HIS CHILD HE WAS OR
DERED TO PAUSE AT THE DOOR. HE REFUSED TO OBEY AXD
A BULLET STOPPED HIM.
slon yesterday. ' An amendment was
finally framed which requires that candi
dates for positions in the high school
teaching corjis shall have taught success
fully for a period of not less than twenty
school months. .
An act to e-nforce the educational rights
of the children was drawn up and pre
pared for the Legislature. Children be
tween the ages of 8 and 14 years will be
compelled to attend school unless excused
on account of one or more of the follow
ing reasons:
First— That the child has been in at
tendance at school five months at least of
the school years. -,
Second— That he has been excused from
attendane-e at school temporarily— the
time to be specified in the certificate— in
order that he may take temporarv em
ployment.
Third— That his services are- absolutely
needed feir the support of his mother, sick
father eir sruardian.
Fourth— That he is in regular attend
ance at evening school.
Fifth — That there is no public school lo
cated within two miles of hi? residence.
A pupil absenting himself from school,
except on account of one of the above
reasons, will be liable to arrest without
warrant and imprisonment in the truant
school.
WEBSTER TO CITE BOARD.
Wants to Know Why Kingsbury Was
Ig^nored.
Superintendent of Schools Webster will
to-day place in the hands of his attorney
a statement of facts in regard to the mat
ter of his deputy representing him at the
meetings of the Board of Eelucation. The
boarel will be citeel to show cause why it
has refused to recopnize Deputy Klngs
hury at its? deliberations. The board de
sired to submit the dispute to the City
Attorney for adjudication, but Webster
refused to agree to that course. He says
the charter, as he Interprets It. does not
nuthorize the City Attorney to decide the
legality of any questions except those
where a monetary liability is involved.
Wt-bster cannot understand why the
lm;trd Ipnores the decision of the State
Attorney General, who holds that a Su-
perlntendent may delegate certain pow
ers temporarily to his deputy. The board.
however, believes it is safe to get the ad
vice of tho City Attorney, as he Is guided
ijy the charter, which is strangely silent
on the point at issue. It therefore ex
pects a favorable verdict and a conse
quent turndown for Webster.
"My attorney will In a few days be pre
pared to bring suit to determine the right
of my deputy to represent me before tho
Board of Education," said Superintend
e>nt Webster yesterday. "I expect a deci
sion favorable to my contention inas
much as the Supreme Court has already'
decided that in all matters of education
the State law is paramount to municipal
charters. One section of the Political
(.ode as interpreted by the State Super
intendent provides that County , Superin
tendents have the right under the law to
appoint a deputy, and under the law a
deputy can discharge any dutv devolving
upon his principal, who is, of'course, re
sponsible for his acts. The Attorney Gen
eral goes further and holds that Deputy
Superintendents of public schools of the
county may vote at a meeting of the
Board of Education in the absence of the
Superintenelent."
Chairman Mark admits the soundness of
the Attorney General's opinion, but
claims that it applies to county boards
only, and not to city boards. This differ
ence, however, is merely technical in
Webster's opinion.
-The ambiguous terms of the charter are
once more to be submitted to the City At
torney. Chairman Mark requested that
official's opinion yesterday as to whether
the janitors of the School Department are
under the control of the Board of Educa
tion or Board of Public Work?. Th» lat
ter board has control of the janitors of
public buildings, but the directors are
hopeful that sehoolhouses do not enter
into that category. The large patronage
Involved in the settlement of the question
explains their hopefulness.
Webster's Attorney
Is to Begin Pro
ceedings.
TO BUY SCHOOL BOOKS IN OPEN MARKET.
DEPUTY'S RIGHTS WILL BE DETERMINED
Educational Commis-
sionProposesNew ,
Laws.
A bill calculated to solve the public
Fchool textbook problem was yesterday
dra.wn U}> by the executive committee of
the State Educational Commission, ia ses
sion at the Palace Hotel. The measure
will go to the Legislature for indorsement
at it? next session. If favorably received
the 1411 will be submitted to the voters at
the election in 1SQ2. The textbook ques-
:ion has long given the school authorities
much trouble, and the proposed amend
ment 5s intended to ••liminate all objec
tionable features in the future.
The amendment as prepared calls for a
\iniform series of textbooks and their free
distribution to the school pupils of the
Slate. The books are to be obtained by
enuring the open market, and the State
Board is authorized to secure only the
very br^t books^pnbllshed. Ttoo full text
cf the am<~-rdment Is as follows:
"The Governor, the Superintendent of
Public Instruction, the president of the
University of California and the professor
of pedagogy therein and the presidents of
the Slate normal schools shall constitute
th»« State Board of Education and they
adopt a uniform series of textbooks
JV»r use in tht; elementary schools of the
State, and such books must be furnished
::•¦<¦ of any cost to the schools of the
Staxe. The State Boaid may cause such
t<r>:tbooks. when adopted, to L>e primed
tad published by the Superintendent of
the State Printing Office . but if so printed
and ]iisb!:#u-d f-ai<i adopted books must
be prt^te^and distributed by him free of
eny cf.agke to the schools of the State.
All tex*#f»oks fo adopted shall continue
in uf© At U-ss than six years. "
The certification of teachers was' an
other matter that was given considerable
attention by the committee and the coun
ty and city superintendents at their scs-
ELMER F. CLARK,, an advertis
ing agent, was shot but not seri
ously wounded- by his former
wife, Grace Ciark, in the latter's
home at 445 Noe street yesterday
afternoon. ' Clark had gone to the house
to take his oldest child * away" "from Its
mother.. The . frenzied woman ordered
him not to cross the threshold of the
house, but he refused to heed the warn
ing and was stopped by a bullet. Mrs.
Clark then gave herself up to the police
and told them what she had done* Her
former husband, carrying the leaden
pellet in his body, hurriedly left the scene
of the shooting and his whereabouts puz
zled the officers for some time. He was
finally located in the Waldeck Sana
torium, where, he had. gone to have hi*
wound attended to.
The shooting is the climax of the un
happy married life of the couple, their
divorce and the struggle of the woman to
provide for her children ana ke*ep them
with her.
Clark married Miss Grace Davidson
over eight years ago and two children
were the result of the union. Albert, the
oldest boy, was born seven years ago and
Harold two year? later. Shortly afte>
the birth of the youngest boy the seed of
discord was sown in - w ? hat had once
been a happy household. The infelicity
grew until two years ago the couple
separated and have not lived together
since. Proceedings for divorce w*5re
brought and an annullment of the mar
riage granted. The question of alimony
had been considered and. according to the
woman's relatives. Clark had been or
dered to pay $23 a month for the main
tenance of* his former wife and thei.
children. j
Mrs. Clark says that Clark failed to
comply with the mandates of the court
and that she seldom received any money
from him. She worked bard to support
herself and babies tnd guarded them
jealously. Through all the court pro
ceedings the old fire of strife between
man and wife never died out and it only
burned with more fury when Clark made
known his intentions of taking one of
the children and of making his mother its
guardian. Mrs. Clark resolved not to
part with the boy and prepared to take
even a life If necessary to thwart his
purpose.
Friday afternoon Clark wrote a note to
his former wife, saying that he would call
at her house about 1 o'clock Saturday
afternoon for the oldest boy, Albert,
whom he proposed to take away with
him.
The note caused the mother much an
guUh She had lived in constant dread of
her ex-husband since their separation and
says she regarded him as u . dangerous
man. His determination to come and take
the child from her spurred her to action
that almost culminated' in murder. When
the appointed hour arrived she took the
AFTKR writing a letter to a friend
bequeathing him a pin and taking
f arc-well of him in affectionate
t- rms. William F. Blechdon. con
nected with the Labor Bureau As
sociation at yij 1 .; Market street, shot him-
self in the head in his apartments at the
Winchester Hotel, Third and Stevenson
streets, some time yesterday.
About 3 o'clock in the afternoon a cham
bermaid entered the room occupied by
Blechdon and was horrified to see his ap-
WILLIAM F. BLECHDON'. A DIRECTOR OF THE LABOR BUREAU. WHO
SHOT HIMSELF 'WITH SUICIDAL INTENT. HE WAS ABOUT TO
LOPE A POSITION HE HAD HELD SOME MONTHS.
<
William Blechdon Found in His Bed at- the Winchester
Hotel, a Pistol Beside Him, With Which He Had §
Inflicted a Probably Fatal Wound.
paxently dead body lying on the bed with
the bead resting in a bier pool of blood.
On the floor near the bed was an old-fash
loned pistol, two chambers of which were
empty.
As soon as the girl recovered from th<?
shock she summoned assistance, and Po
liceman J. H. Tyrell had the unconscious
man sent to the Receiving Hcfspital, where
he was treated by Dr. Dray, who at once
pronounced the wound fatal. A1J last
night Blechdon remained unconscious, and
his death is only a question of time.
So far as Is known the unfortunate man
has no relatives In. this city, and he makes
no mention of any in his farewell letter.
Blechdon was formerly a collector for a
labor bureau, but when the director, Guy
Lathrop, went abroad, he stepped into the
absentee's place. For three months
Lathrop remained away, and during that
time Blechdon enjoyed absolute control.
Lathrop returned a few- days ago and
Blechdon would have had to resign his
temporary position and resume his for
mer duties.
Biechdon's wound is over the right tem
ple. The bullet penetrated the brain
three inches. Curiously there are no
powder burns about the wound, although
the pistol must have been fired at close
rango,
That the act was premeditated is shown
by the farewell note addressed by Blech
don to Lathrop, dated three days ago,
which is as follows:
"Winchester Hotel. San Francisco, Oct. 11, 1300.
Friend Guy: "When this reaches you I shall
be— where? Forgive. I have been a fqol and
did not realize what the end would be. I am
too much of a coward to face the music. In
order to assist you will state the following bfils
are unpaid: Horn brothers, $24; Foster, ?26 79;
Co-operative Cigar. $19 50: Hademaker. $17 50;
McCoy & Miller, $2 50. Furthermore. I nave
had the balance of this week's after deducting
all the bills that are paid. This may help you
to get things in shape. The accounts of JtSS
are scrupulously correct, so are also all dues
fjr.tprcii for the bureau, so you need not fear
ai:y aftrrclap on th»s:» sources.
I am sorry that this happened, but it is too
late now. Pirate accept tne inclosed pin as
a memento from me. Give all the boys my
regards, etc. I hope that I will make a good
fob of my finish. WiFhinp you and the bureau
all future prosperity, I remain your unhappy
friend, BLECHDOX.
Mr. Lathrop is at a loss to account for
the ra?h act of his friend, for whom he
entertained a sincere regard, and in whom
he reposed full confidence.
LABOR BUREAU COLLECTOR
TIRES OF LIFE AND SENDS
BULLET INTO HIS BRAIN
Criticizes Judge Belcher for His
Methods of Trying the Suits
and Errtols Harbor Com
missioners.
0
Attorney F. S. Stratton has tiled a com
munication with the. State Beard of Har
bor Commissioners explaining the final
termination of proceedings and the aban
donment by the plaintiffs of all benefits
under the decisions ' handed down by
Judge Belcher in the case of the Paraffine
Paint Company against the commission,
and that of Samuel C. Irving against the
same body. Mr. Stratton's communica
tion has been tiled that "justice may be
done" the members who composed thu
board at the time the actions referred to
were instituted and tried. Mr. Stratton,
in his communication, takes advantage
of the opportunity to deliver undisguised
thrusts at Judpe Belcher. The manner In
which that jurisl tried the cases is as
sailed and the virtues of the commission
-extolled. In the end Mr. Stratton asK-s
that the present hoard, by resolution, ap
prove the acts dene by him pursuant to
their authority. Whether or not the com
munication is to be considered a portion
of the "acts' referred to, Mr. Stratton
refrains from asserting.
The actions were filed In December,
1S9T. One was designed to enjoin the
Harbor Hoard from proceeding to further
advertise for bids tor the treatment of
piles designed for wharf and dock pur
poses, ami the second was brought to
compel the board to enter into a con
tract with the Paraffine Faint Company,
giving it the right to construct the Green
street wharf and to have the exclusive
right to treat with Its preservative pro
cess alt piles vised en the San Iiranclsco
water front for the period of one year.
The trials of the cases went on uninter
ruptedly from January 24 to March 22,
1898 On April UH the court filed an opin
ion in favor of plaintiff in both cases.
Mr- Stratton s-ays, after setting forth
the foregoing facts.
Th'.s Utlgfition attracted widespread attention,
owing to the publicity given by the press to
J th° proceedings, nr.d the action of the c<.urt
! permitting tin- platrniflX with hardly any re
strictions to present evidence, without show-
Ing Its competency or relevancy, was such as
to provoke the meat dfcicled cpposltion on my
part and an unlimited number of exceptions to
such procwdings.
The trials of these cases wore markPd by the
most anomalous pmc-flur*. In that testimony,
both Incompetent nnd secondary in its nature,
was permitted to be introduced without con
necting the Fame with the Hoard of State Hai
bor Commissioners, and without showing its
relevancy, upon the mere expressed expectation
of ultimately connecting it with- the defend
ants.
The ''universal rules of evidence and of the
taking of testimony were violated. The .ourt
did, however, give to the defendants the right
to move to f-trike out all such irrelevant ani
Incompetent reftircony lf-.i&ereafter It was not
shown t-v. h- maierUl. or- Ao haw connection
with the "Harbor Commissioners.
t This procedure was adopted throughout this
trial, at which 'persons who had merely second
ary knowlerlze , jvere permitted to give such
htarsay testimony, and books not kept by the
r Harbor Commissioners were brought Into court
and Introduced as evidence against the •mem
.bers composing the board.
Attorney Stratton. continuing, says he
made duo motion to strike out, but not
until just before the fding of the opinion
could he get a ruling. Continuing, the
attorney says:
Throughout this long trial nothing was pre
sented reflecting upon the board, and the chal
lenge was made to produce a line of competent
evidence which would In any way impugn the
motives of the Commissioners.
• » •
• I felt then, and still feel, that the decisions
In these two cases were ones that could net
be justified under either the facts brought out
by the hearing, or any law presented to the
court.
1 at ence notified the board of these opinions
and asked authority to forthwith appeal th<»
cafes to the Supreme Court. This authority you
.granted by resolution, duly given and entered
V)f record. Meanwhile, however, both court and
counsel failed to enter any decisions In these
cases. There were merely opinions on file, but
no decisions In the sense that the term ia
employed In the code. .
'. The board desired to appeal the cases, and
I could not do so until decisions were made of.
record. Klnally, upon my written request, the
clerk, although no findings had been filed, en
tered Judgments In favor of the plaintiffs In
both case.*. This was done so thtu I could ap
peal the cases to the Supreme Court. The trial
Judge, however. Immediately set aside these
decisions as unauthorized, and thus the cases
were huns up.
Mr. Stratton sets forth the facts of his
filing petitions for writs of mandate to
compel Judge Belcher to enter decisions.
The decisions wer^ ordered entered, the
last one being recorded November 8. Ap
peals were then taken to the. Supreme
Court and bills of exception were served
upon opposing counsel. Mr. Stratton
continues:
I do not hesitate, to state that th» trial Judge
has manifested Impatience and objection that
tht- defendants should seek to appeal from his
decisions, and has stated from the bench that
thf Questions Involved were merely academic.
The board In September. 1SSS. accepted the
court's decision c* to the Green-street wharf
crntract, for the reason that the necessity for
that work wn*. Imperative and public conveni
ence could not tolerate any delay.
It became manliest to my mind that there
was a decided opposition to having the Su
preme Court pass upon these cases, with the
knowledge on the part of all concerned, as I
take it, that reversals would Inevitably fol
low. '
Finally, on Octobrr 1 last, and after much
I'jior discussion as to how these cases might be
settled nnd endod, I received a written com
munication from the attorneys for plaintiffs
embodying prlcr verbal suggestions and ottering
to motllfy the judgments anil to enter satisfac
tion of the same In both cases, and further
consenting to the settlement of the bill. of ex
cautions which I had prepared, provided ~tnat
the appeals and motions for new trial should be
dismissed. In other words, the plaintiffs of
fered tr> relinquish all of the benefits, which
they had secured by», these' long tilals, other
than the construction of Green-street wharf,
and by the decisions entered In their favor,
upon condition that the appeals to the Su
prfniP Court would l»e dismissed.
Upon receipt of this lftter. although I had
j determined personally that the Supreme Court
must pass upon the correctness of Judge Bel
cher's decisions, still I could not bring myself
to feel that It was my dutv as special counsel
for the board to put the State to the expense
of further litigation. In view of the fact that
opposing counsel would stipulate to forego all
of ths benefits of the Judgments and to frfrego
the benefits of the trials. And particularly did
I feel this way since such decisions could not
bo quoted as binding authorities on the pewers
of the board.
In both cases Judgments for costs were en
tered In favor of the .plaintiff, and • these. were
offered to b» relinquished and satisfied with
out any payment whatever by the board.
I presented this letter to you and submitted
the same to your attorney, ex-Governor Budd"
with the result that It was decided that If the
plaintiffs would In these cases relinquish all
rights under their Judgments and waive all
c<-sts which they hrd expended, and would fur
ther have Fettled the true bills of exception,
then the appeals to the Supreme Court might
be. dismissed. • ¦
Stratton Files Report on
Paraffine Paint . Com
¦ pany Cases. \
ALL BENEFITS
ABANDONED BY
THE PLAINTIFFS
Pages 31 to 40
Pages 31 to 40
SAX FKANCISCO, SUXDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1900.TENNIS MATCHES ON
CALIFORNIA COURTS
Handicap Singles Played to Semi-
Finals Draws a Large Number
of Enthusiasts.
The single handicap tournament held on
the courts of the California Club yester
day was very successful. . Sixteen play
ers were entered. It was the first straight
handicap tournament ever held on the
coast.
There are only four left in the tourna
ment and they will play off the finals to
day at 11 a. m.. J. A. Code vs. Grant
Smith and H. W. Crowell vs. George
Whitney. Two prizes have been put up
for the finals. *
The first match was between J. A. Code
and David Painter, who received 4 — 6 of
15. Code won, 4—6, 6—2, 6—2. Grant Smith
gave Duval Moore 4—6 and beat him eas
ily, 6—1. 8—6. Drummond McGarvin beat
James McKenzie 6—2, 6—3. McKenzle re
ceived odds of 4 — G of 15. Crowell gave
Cornell 4 — 6 and beat him 6 — 1, 6 — 0.
The hardest fought match. was between
the youngsters Douglass Grant and Rich
ard Erskine. Both were scratch. Grant
won 6 — 3, 1 — 6, 8 — 6. Percy Kahn beat Rob
ert Whitney by default. George Whitney
then took on John O'Brien and giving him
SO beat him 7-5, 6-4.
In the second round J. A. Code beat
Robert Reid G— 2. 6—2. grivinp him 4— € of
15. Grant Smith and Drummond McGavin
played even and Grant Smith won in a
clever match. &-3, 6— 8. George Whitney
gave Percy Kahn 30 and 4—6 and beat him
in a walk, 7—5, 6 — 4. Crowell gave Doug
lass Grant 15 and 2 — 6 and It was all he
could do to beat the young: player, score
6—3, 6—4.
The new club, which has a court on the
corner of Octavia and Green streets will
hold a single tournament to-day. There
are eight players entered. The tourna
ment is In charge of Joseph Hooper, one
won, Frank Bell second. Doublet third. Time,
1:06 V4.
One mile and 70 yards, purse— Alice Turner
won. Havlland second, John Baker third.
Time, 1:45.
CINCINNATI, Oct. 13.— The fall meet
ing of the Queen City Jockey Club opened
to-day at Newport under most favorable
conditions. The weather was delightful
and the attendance large. Ten books were
in line and the betting was lively. The
finishes in the majority of the events
created great excitement among the
spectators. Track fast. Summary:
Six f urlontrs — The Rush won, Joe Martin sec
ond. The Geeser third. Time, 1:14V*.
Seven furlongrs. selling— Pauline J won, Ca
loocan 6econd. Troubaline third. Time, 1:2S%.
Flvo furlongs — Clorita won. Port Wine second.
School tor Scandal third. Time. lrOl^.
One mile— John Yerkes ¦won, John Halsey sec
ond Wine Press third. Time, l:41Vi.
One mile and a sixteenth, selling— Nettle.
Regent won, The Sluggard second. Miss Soak
third. Time. 1:48%.
Seven furlones— Larkspur won. Violet Par
eons second, Marlon Lynch third. Time, 1:28V*.
BUFFALO, N. Y., Oct. 13.— To-day was
getaway day at Fort Erie. Weather
cloudy; track fast. Summary:
Seven furiones — Frank McConnell won,
Charles Estes second, Mouseltott third. Time,
1:27%.
Five furlongs— Petra won. Toad Ralney sec
ond Maltese Cross third. Time. 1:01 V4.
One mile and a sixteenth — Sir Florlan won,
Chopin second. Double Dummy third. Time,
1:47^4.
Six furlongs— Death won, Olcott second,
Benckart third. Time, 1:13%.
Selling, one mile— St. Sulplce won. Hacebud
secend. Wince Zeno third. Time. 1:42.
Five furlongs — Khaki won, LAsker second,
Drogheda third. Time. 1:01.
One mile— McOrathlana Prince won, The Jef
ferson eecond. Earl Fonso third. J Time, 1:41.
CHICAGO. Oct. 13.— Harlem's feature
to-day was the mile and an eighth handi
cap, with flve starters. The field ran per
fectly to form, resultingiln a loss to tho
bookmakers. Found and Van Hoorbeke,
coupled, were always favorites. Found
won the race by three lengths after a hard
contest. Goebel, Hermoso and Jim Gore,
three of the longest shots on the board
in the first race, gave the talent a severe
blow by running in the order named.
Fancy Wood won the second race as she
pleased. Bessie Macklln won the fifth
race at five furlongs, making it in 59 2-5,
a track reconj. Weather clear; track fast.
Summary:
Five and a half furlongs — Goebel won, Her
moso eecond, Jlra Gore II third. Tta«i 1:07 2-5.
Seven furlongs— Fancy Wood won, William
Ack second, Wall third. Time, 1:26 4-5.
One mile and an eljfhth, selling— Found won.
Precursor second. Knight banneret third. Time,
1:."3 2-5.
Flvo furlongs— Ida Carbrey won, Kohn
Wreath second. Amoroso third. Time, 1:01 2-5.
Five furloncs— Bessie Macklln won, Dollle
Wiethoff second. Sharp Bird third. Time, :69 2-5.
One mile, selling — Chappauqua ¦won, Cogmoo
sle eecond, Aurea third. Time. 1:40. .
on the Presidio Ball
Grounds.
.Accident Occurs to an Insurance Man
.BASEBALL PITCHES
BREAKS HIS ARM
Ti. Penfleld. while pitching yesterday in
a match came of bai=<-ball between the
accident and life departments of the Pa
cific Mutual Insurance Company, frac
tured Ms arm. The pame was played on
th» Prf>Fidio Athletic grounds and resulted
iT l S 7 vlct n ory for the accidents by a score
Ponfield himself was an accident WNV
tn the act^cf pitching he fractured hla
forearm- 1 his nlthouph no common r,r
currence happens oocasionallv to a base
ball pitcher. He was tak*-n to the Rc
ceivln? Hospital, whore the broken bone
vtsjs set.
Later to the evening the Insurant com
pany athletes gathered at a downtown ro
tlsserlo and in banquet fashion buri"<i the
etrife and straggle of the day in f^tal
friendship. Penflrld was in attendance.
THE thirteenth annual field day ot
the Academic Athletic League on
the University of California cinder
path yesterday resulted In a vic
tory for Oakland Hbjti School by
one point, the winner* scoring 40 to
Ukiah's 39. The day was almost perfect
and a lot of new men were turned loose.
Contrary- to general expectations no new
cracks developed except in the shot-put
and hammer-throw. Partin of Ukiah
broke the shot-putting- record, but other
records were in no appreciable danger.
An immense crowd was present and saw
some fine, live sport.
Thirteen hlg-h schools participated In the
contests and the total points scored by
each follow:
Oakland, 40; Uklah. 39; Healdsburg, 22;
Berkeley. 13; Palo Alto. 6; Mission. 3; San
Francisco Polytechnic, 2 and San Jose, 1.
Anderson's Academy, California School of Me
chanical Arts, Central High School and Lowell
Hlgrh School of San Francisco and Palo Alto
High School failed to score a point.
To see the way Partin of Uklah mado
the 12-pound projectile whiz through the
college atmosphere made "the lads from
the asylum town view their prospective
finish through roseate glasses. Partln
broke the 12-pound shot-put record by 1
foot 8 inches, making a dent in mother
t-arth 47 feet and 1 inch away from where
he planted himself.
The only other thing broken was the
hammer, the kind that is thrown, but
that was mended, and Rose of Healds
burg threw it so far that he secured sec
ond place and thereby prevented Ukiah
from turning defeat into victory by out
scoring Oakland.
Ukiah High School, which for two years
has held the Academic League champion
ship, had scored 33, while Oakland had
run up to 40. The hammer-throw offered
a last opportunity for Ukiah and Brown,
Partin and Dutton were doing all they
kenw to beat Oakland. The only dark
spot on the horizon was Rose of Healds.
burg, a new man, who ought to do some
great hammer throwing before long. On
Rose's shoulders (he is built like a hop
pole) rested Oakland's hope. If he could
wrest three points from Uklah, Oakland
would be safe. If he made two the result
would be a tie between Oakland and
TJkiah. He made three and Ukiah lost the
day.
Some folks thought Rose was from Oak
land, the boys in blue liked him so well.
There are no hammer-throwers to notice
in Oakland's team. This event was by far
the most exciting of the day.
The best work for Oakland was done by
Smilie, who won the 8S0-yard race in fine
style in 2:10 4-5, the record being 2:05 4-5.
Westdahl trotted over the mile, with the
others In a bunch behind, in 4:56. Wilcox
also got Oakland the 100-yard race; Weller
won the broad jump for Ukiah ana
Thomas the 120-yard hurdle. The 440-yard
dash went to Wyckoff of Uklah, La Val-
Uere of Oakland, billed ahead as a won~
der, running second. In the 100-yard dash,
junior. Long of the Crocker Grammar ran
around the course In 12 seconds. The oth
er entries withdrew. The 220-yard hurdle
went to Weller of Uklah. The spectacu»
lar event, the one-mile relay, was won by
Oakland in 3:31. This event resembled a
cinch.
In the field events the pole vault was
won by Bell of Healdsburg, who made 9
feet 3 inches. Bell and Rose tied in the
high jump, both clearing 5 feet 4 inches.
If Bell had equaled his record at the last
Sonoma-Mendoclno field day he wotild
have won easily, his Jump on that occa
sion being 5 feet 8 Inches. The hammer
throw was won by Brown of Uklah. The
broad Jump was won by Weller of Ukiah.
The events In detail and their winners
follow:
100-yard dash, Junior— Lang, Crocker Gram
mar, won. Time, :12.
100-yard dajsh— Wilcox, Oakland, won; Turpin,
Mission. eecond: Healy, Petaluma, third.
Time, :10 4-5.
440-yard daeh— Wyckoff, Ukiah, won; La Val
liere, Oakland, second; Thompson, Uklah,
third. Time, :55 4-5.
Referee— Colonel George C. Edwards, U. C.
Starter— Will Drum, U. C.
Timers— George Thomson. J. Hammersmith,
O. A. C; H. Hadcnfeldt. O. A. C.
Judfjes of finish — C. A. Cantwell, L. S. J. TJ. :
E. W. Smith. O. A. C. ; Fred Koch.
Field Judtres— J. D. Hoffman, U. C. ; A. M.
Walsh, U. C. ; C. Wardall, L. S. J. U.
Measurers— A. Henley. L. S. J. U. : B. Towns
end. A. O. P.: W. A. E. Woods, U. C. ; F. L.
Caughcy. U. H. S.
Clerk of course — H. A. E. Jaehne. JC. J. A. C.
Assistant clerks of course— N. F. Titus, U.
P.: William Powell. U. C.
Inspectors — Charles Harris, R. Service, U. C. ;
A. Cadogan. U. C. ; R. Woolsey.
Marshals— P. K. Rauch, P. H. S. ; Al Lean.
O. A. C.J Sid Cavill, O. A. C.
Announcer— L. J. Kennedy, U. C.
Scorer— James F. Sturtlvant. O. A. C
120-yard hurdle— Thomas, Uklah, won: J.
Weller. Uklah, second; Bowles, Petaluma,
third. Time. :17 2-6. .
2?0-yard dash— "Wilcox. Oakland, won; Healy,
Petaluma, second; Thompson, Uklah, third.
Time, :24.
220-yard hurdle— Weller. TJkiah, won; Boet
tlr-er, Berkeley, second; Flnne, Uklah, third.
Tlroe. :23 3-5.
880-yard run— Smllle, Oakland, won; TVram
pelmeler, Berkeley, second; Henley. Uklah.
third. Time, 2:10 4-5.
Ore mile run— Westdahl, Oakland, won; Wel
ler Uklah, eecond; Mallay, San Jose, third.
Time, i-.zc.
One mile relay — Oakland won, Berkeley sec
ond. Polytechnic third. Time, 3:31.
Pole vault— Bell, Healdsburg, won; Burpee,
Oakland, second; Miranda, Oakland, third.
Distance, nine feet three Inches.
Kl^h jump — fell- and Rose of llealdsburg-.
tied; Flnne, Uklah. third. Height, five feet
four Inches.
, Twelve-pound hammer throw— Brown, Uklah,
won; Roee. Healdsbunr, second; Partln, Uklah,
third. Distance, 143 feet 4 Inches.
Broad Jump— Weller. Uklah. won; Bell,
Healdeburg-, second; Bowles, Petaluma, third.
Distance, twenty feet ten Inches.
Twelve-pound shotput— Partln, Uklah, won;
Rofc Healdsbursr, second; Volz, Berkeley,
third. Distance, forty-seven feet one Inch.
The committee In charge and the track
officers were as follows:
Committee In charge— Herbert Hauser, chair
man; "Will Middleton. L. H. S. ; George Elliott,
B. II. S.
of the best players of the California Club
in times past.
PENNANT GOES
TO BROOKLYN
National League Baseball
Season Closes With
Poor Percentages.
Was Not Brilliant in Any Sense and
the Box Office Receipts Afford
Little Consolation to the
Managers.
Joe Kelley heads outfielders and Jack
McCarthy Is the only Chicago fielder to
show a creditable percentage.
To-day's games were as follow: '
At Pittsburg:
Clubs— n. h. K. !
Pittsburg 5 7 4
Chicago 7 10 0 ;
Batteries— Tannehlll and J. Donahue; Mene- i
fee and T. Donohue. Umpire— O' Day.
At*St. Louis:
Clubs— R. IT . E i
St. Urnis 3 10 4
Cincinnati 2 10 3
Batteries— Jones and Crlger: Hahn. Kahoa
and Peilz. Umpire — Emslie. 1
At New Tork: j
, Clubs— * p I! p I
liiooklyn 1 g j ]
Xew York ] 0 4
Batteries— Howell and Farrell; Taylor and
Grady. Umpire — Snyder.
At Philadelphia:
ClubS— . ' TJ TT T,
Philadelphia • 8 lo" 3 i
Boston V.".'. 3 7 2
Batteries— Bernard and Jaeklltsch; Lewis
Duffy and Sullivan. Umpire-Hurst.
It can hardly be said the season was
brilliant in any respect, or that viewed
from a box office standpoint it ¦was an un
qualinen success. Compared with last
year and with several past year.s cleaner
bull was probably played, but there were
enough outbreaks of rowdyism at that to
keep the public and the "magnat.es" alive
to the fact that purgatives of a. drastic
nature are still necessary. The records of
the season, complete to date, show some
data of deepest interest to the eager fans.
Hans Wagner, the Pittsburg fielder, leads
the whole procession in the batting with
a percentage of .2?3. Forty men batted
.300 or better. Slagle leads in sacrifices
and Patsy Donovan in stolen bases.
Chicago has one honor which should not
be overlooked — the slory of possessing the
weakest hitter In the business, Jack Men
efee, who batted for .122 in fifteen games.
Fielding averages show Warner leading
the catchers, all of the Chicago back
stops appearing far down the column
Orth leads the pitchers. Rube "Waddell
close behind. McGann and Cooley are
tied for the premiership at first base. La
joie leads the second basemen. Childa
ranking eighth. Cross heads the third
basemen. Bradley eighth. Dahlen and
Davis break even among shortstops. Mc-
Cormick and Clingman down at the bot
tom.
CHICAGO, Oct. 13.— With the games
played to-day the baseball season of 1000
practically came to an end, with Brooklyn
far and away in the lead, and with Xew
York just as far and away in the rear.
The other teams were well bunched with
Chicago in fifth place. The standing at
the close la as follows:
Clubs— XV. L,. Pet. 1 Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Brooklyn' S2 34 .603 1 Chicago 63 73 .461
Plttaburg ...79 60 .563 j St. Louis 64 73 .461
Philadelphia 73 63 .343 Cincinnati ...62 76 .450
Boston 66 Ti .47S)Xew York. ..60 73 .435
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Six furlongs, three-year-olds and upward,
purse $150— Mike Hice (Russell) won. Dolore
(Fravley) second, Mldlove (McEVcnald) third.
Time, 1:14U
?six furlongs, three-year-olds, purse $150 — Al
moner (McCarthy) won, Alaria (Fauntleroy)
second. Lodestar (McXlchol?) third. No time
announced. -
Half mile, polo ponies, purse $6T>— Venus K
(Hennery) won, Fusillade (McCarthy) second,
Princess Flnvla (Jones) third. Time, MSvi.
Six furlongs, three-year-61ds and upward,
purse S125- 1 -Homesteail (\Voods> won. Harry
Owynn (Frawley) second, Pauline J <Ross>
third. Time. 1:14^4-
Time— 2:l<>>~. 2:11, 2:12.
SAX JOSE. Oct. 13. — The attendance at
the races to-day, the last day of the fair,
was not as large as had been expected,
while the events lacked interest. Zolack
was an easy winner in tho green pace
event, taking three heats in succession.
There was very little betting on the other
races, though there was a hot finish in
the fourth between Mike Rice and Dolore.
Summary:
Green pac, mile heats, thrpe in five, purse
$300:
Zolack (Lepson) Ill
Tagrs (Bipelow) 2 2 2
Fredcrlcksbersr (Bunch) 3 3d
Dolore in a Sprint.
Close Finish Between Mike Eice and
GET-AWAY DAY AT SAN JOSE.
. |MU . " £
TAMAIiPAIS CLUB
ELECTS OFEICSES
Three Patrolmen Ara Appointed to
Guard the Preserves and Ar
rest Trespassers.
The annual meeting of the members of
the TamalpaJs Sportsmen's Club was held
on October 11. The following members
wero elected board of directors: F. La
coste, A. Pissls, John Bergez, F. Drink
house. H. Wagner, H. Black. Jack Lem
mer, Dr. WInterberg and \V. Brown: pres
ident, A. Pissls; vice president. J. Bergez;
secretary and treasurer, H.. Wagner.
Three patrolmen were appointed to pre
vent trespassing on the club's preserves,
even to the extent of making arrests.
The . Bohemian Bowling: Club held its
annual meeting at 101 Powell street last
Thursday evening. The following officers
were elected for the season of ™
John Christensen. president: Tonv Ran
zulp. vice president: Phil Scheu. secretary
Thi t^nh U h er - and , " Pop " Homs - captain
The club has a large membership and
some big games will be played this sea«on
Bohemian Bowling Club.
GALVESTON, Oct. 13.-Hogan Sealey,
treasurer of the Galveston relief fund,
acknowledges the receipt of contributions
from October 1 to October 12. Inclusive
altogether amounting to JUS.552. This in
cludes $12o.000 received through Governor
Sayers and $21,613 received through Mayor
Jones. The amount previously acknowl
h off *o£t?- $781 - W3 - maklne U» e total to
Galveston Relief Fund.
Field Day of the Academic League on Berkeley Cinder Path
Develops One Crack and Some Close Contests
NEW YORK, Oct. 13.-Ethelbert, the
gallant son of Eothen-Maori, won the
Municipal handicap at Morris Park to
day, a head before Imp, the greatest maxe
of the age, In the record time of 2:5SVi.
The race was at one mile and three-quar
ters over the hill course and five horses
faced the starter. Ethelbert was fa
vorite at 7 to 5. with Jack Point second
choice. Imp was held at 4 to 1, with Pink
Coat and Maid of Harlem the outsiders.
They were pent off in the llrst break to
a goou Etart. with Jack Point in front,
but Burns quickly took Imp out in her
favorite place and led past the grand
Htand the first time, with Jack Point. Pink
Coat. Kthelbert and Maid of Harlem fol
lowing In the order named and well
bunched. Imp, running with that ma
chine-like stride, drew away rounding the
lirst turn and showed the way up to tha
back stretch by a length and a half. She
ran the six furlongs in 1:15 2-5 and the
mile in 1:42. At this latter point Pink
Coat dropped back beaten and Ethelbert
moved into second place, 'a length befoie
Jack Point. Rounding the far turn Imp
drew even further away and led into the
stretch by two lengths. Odqm sent Klhel
bert after her, however, aiid from there
home It ¦was a duel between the two. At
the last furlong pole Ethelbert had moveci
up on even terms with the black whirl
wind and heads only separated them at
the wire. Imp responded gamely under
Burns' vigorous ride, but Kthelbert had
the most In reserve and won handily
without the u?e of whip or spur. Maul
of Harlem closed strong and was third,
six lengths behind Imp and five lengths
before Jack Point, while Pink Coat was
beaten off. All through the stretch the
big half-holiday crowd cheered the strug
gling horst s and both got an ovation when
the time, which constitutes a new record
for the distance, was hung up and when
they came back to •weigh in.
The other races were spirited contests.
Plato won the October steeplechase from
The Bachelor after a pretty race. In
•which there were no accidents. Garry
Horrman took the Champagne stakes for
two-year-olds, but had. to be ridden out
to beat Smile, an added starter, by a
neck. Conroy and Smilo made the run
ning, with Garry Herrman always well
up. The last two fought it out aJl through
the stretch. Water Color was a distant
third. The second race went to Sweet
Tooth at long odds. Unmasked won the
third handily in fast time and Annoy took
the last. Three favorites ¦were successful,
two second choices and one outsider. The
weather was dull and cloudy, the track
fast and a big- half-holiday crowd was in
attendance. Summary:
j October steeplechase, about two and a half
I mllea — Plato won. The Bachelor second. Old
Tar.k third. Time. -.4:39%.
Five and a half furlongs— Sweet Tooth won,
Oriental second, Helen O'C third. Time, 1:04^.
Kclipse course— Unmasked won, Joe Frey eeo
] on«l. Gold Lace third. Time. 1:09%.
The Champagne, seven furlongrs — Garry Herr
1 man won, Smile second. Water Color third.
Time. 1:271^.
The Municipal handicap, one mils and three
quarters — Ethelbert won. Imp • second. Maid of
Harlem tblrd. Time. 2:S8%.
Selling, one mile and an eighth — Atnoy won,
Locochee second. The Chamberlain third. Time,
l:M*;.
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 13.— Glorious weather,
an enticine card and tho debut of Miss
LJennett, the fleetest filly in the West,
were the Incentives which drew a ble
crowd to Klnloch Park to-day. It proved
a bad day for the talent, as only two fa
vorites ecored, the other four going 1 to
outsiders. Track faf»t- Results:
Seven furlongs, purse, two-year-olds— Farmer
Bennett won. Orleans second, Tony Lepplng
third. Time. 1:2SX4.
Selling-, one mile— Jo« Doughty won.' Sklllman
second. Eijtlu Bells third. Time, l:42Vi.
Six furlongs, purse— Felix Bard won, Go Out
second, Loving cup third. Time, 1:33*4.
One mile and a quarter, over flvo hurdles —
'Willie Price won. Eva Noe second. Imp. Loi
terer third. Time. 2:20.
Fi\e and. * half furlong*, puree— iliss B«nnett
Stretch Was a Duel With Imp, and
Heads Only Separated the
Two Horses at the
Wire.
Wins the Municipal Handi
cap at Morris
Park.
RECORD BROKEN
BY ETHELBERT
OAKLAND HIGH SCHOOL WINS BY A POINT.
PARTIN OF UKIAH BREAKS SHOTPUT RECORD
STANFORD repeated its victory of
two weeks ago by defeating Re
liance yesterday In a fast aad
Bnappy game of football at the
Sixteenth and Folsom street
grounds by a score of 6 to 0. Half a thou
sand enthusiasts saw the cardinals lower
the colors 'of the Athenian aggregation.
They also saw some clever end running,
plenty of gore and some slugging that Is
not countenanced by the rules of the
game. Tho wearers of the cardinal Jour
neyed from Palo Alto and celebrated their
initial appearance before a local crowd
this. season by literally wiping up the
field with the Reliance team. They had a
hard time accomplishing this result, but
in the end they succeeded in covering
themselves with dust and glory.
Reliance played a hard and fast game.
There was net s. moment in the contest
that the Oakland team did not strive for
victory, but thoir efforts were unavailing.
The collegians were better trained and
played superior football. Rodolph was the
bright particular star of the Reliance
eleven, and he Ebone with luster through
out the game. He punted high and far,
tackled well and made eome clever runs.
absence, did well. The playing of Slaker.
Fisher, Seeley and Raitt was of high or
der.
Following are the weights and the line
up of the teams.
¦\Vt. Stanford. Position. Reliance. "Wt.
170 Allen L. E. R. Ahern 150
1S5 Traeirer L.. T. R. Hamilton 173
174 De Forest L. G. R Monroe 1S7
1S5 I^ee Center "Weirs ISO
1S9 Seeley R. G. L. Atkinson 1S7
192 iCapt.) Burnet.R. T. L. A. Theuerkauf 165
155 Cooler. R. E. L..... G. Theuerkauf 163
150 Raitt Quarter Rodolph 150
167-16S Geissler
and Hill. r,. Half R.Capt. Dinsmore 140
150 Fisher R. Half R Varney 167
165 Slaker Fullback McNevln 183
171 lbs Average Weight 168 lbs
Score: Stanford 6, Reliance 0. Touchdown by
Slaker. Goal by Raitt.
Runs — Thirty and thirty-five ' yard run by
Raitt ard twenty-five and thirty yard runs by
Rodolph. Punts— Forty and thirty yard kicks
by Rodolph and Raitt.
Officials— Referee, Bert Oliver, Reliance guard
Umpire— Professor Jackson C. Reynolds,
halfback *83-&6.
Linesmen — Middlemas, Reliance '96, and
Charles Flckert, ex-captaln and guard, Stan
ford '97.
Timekeeper— Dave Brown, Stanford.
Twenty-five-mlnute halves.
Attendance ".00. . Football weather. Ground
hard and sprinuy.
He was erratic at times, but made up for
his faults by his clever work. Dinsmore
and McNevin showed up well behind the
line. Gus Theuerkauf's good interference
made it possible for Rodolph to make his
end runs. Theucrkauf was laid out twice
during the game, but managed to play it
out.
The hardness of the ground and fast
football played havoc with the men on
both teams. After every' scrimmage time
had to be taken to allow a player to re
cover his senses. Weirs, who played cen
ter for Reliance, made himself unpopular
by. slugging little Raitt. Weirs denied
that he did so, but the evidence of Coach
Yost of Stanford and others on the side
lines give strength to the charge of his
acting In an unsportsmanlike manner.
Yost was so angry with Weirs that he
rushed on the field and charged him
with his offense. It looked for n moment
that blows might be struck, but cooler
counsel prevailed. Raitt did not recover
consciousness for fully three minutes.
Stanford played in poor luck. Three
times they were within scoring distance,
but lost the ball. In every instance they
bucked their opponents- down to the iif
teen-yard line, only to lose the pigskin on
downs or a fumble. This was dishearten
ing to the collegians, but they renewed
their efforts and scored a touchdown in
the last half.
There was little enthusiasm during the
game, there being an absence of spectac
ular plays. Straight football was the
rule.
Atkinson set the game in motion by
kicking the ball to the fifteen-yard line.
Fisher, a brother of Forrest Fisher, an
ex-Stanford captain, rati with it ten yards
before being tackled. The clever little
half back netted ten more yards by an
end run. Gelssler and Slaker plunged
through for ten more apiece. The ball
was worked toward the fifteen-yard line,
when\ Geissler was sent around the left
end. x He was forced back and fumbled,
big Monroe falling on tho ball. Reliance
lined up* with the ball and Rodolph sig
naled a. kick. The ball was passed to him
by AVeirs and he fumbled. He grabbed
the pigskin as;d ran twenty yards with It.
but was compelled to return to the fif
teen-yard line. Captain "Babe" Burnett
claimed the ball, but Referee Oliver ruled
against him. Rodolph again essayed the
kick, and with great force sent the ball
to the center of the field, the longest punt
of the day. Again the ball was worked
down to the fifteen-yard line by the Stan
ford stalwarts. Reliance made a stand
and held their opponents and secured the
ball. Seely's anxiety to push Atkinson off
.the field made him offside and his team
was penalized. Rodolph made two good
runs with interference and brought the
ball into Stanford's territory. The last
run did not count, as Raitt was held in
the line.
The ball was brought back to the start
ing point and given to Stanford. Raitt
made a beautiful thirty-yard run on a
double pass and repeated his performance
a few plays later by making a difficult
twenty-yard run. When time was
the ball was in Stanford's possession on
Reliance's twenty-five-yard line.
" In , the secon'l half the cardinal scored
its touchdown. Trae'ger kicked off and
Varney ran with the ball twenty yards
and fumbled. Dinsmore fell on the ball
and the Reliance rooters breathed easier.
Dinsmore on a orlss-cross gained seven
yards and fumbled, but the cardinals
kept the ball. By a series of straight
bucks by Slake? and Fisher and an end
run or two by Hill, who was put In in
Gelssler's plate, the ball was carried to
the three-yard line. Reliance glued Its
line, but the terrible Slaker mowed
through for a touchdown. Raitt kicked a
goal. Stanford continued to gain ground
during the rest of the half, but try as it
might It could not score again.
Coach Yost was highly pleased with the
work of his team. He closely watched
the play and corrected many faults, but
withal he was satisfied. He deplored the
slugging indulged in during the game.
Cooper, who played end in McFadden's
SIDE-LINE IMPRESSIONS GATHERED BY THE CALL'S CARTOONIST DURING THE PROGRESS OF YESTERDAY'S FOOTBALL GAME.
Collegians Prove Too Strong for the Athletic Club Team.
A Fast Game Intermixed With Slugging Enjoyed
by a Small Band of Enthusiasts.
The run-dcwn In the big 112-<3og open
stake at Union Park yesterday .resulted
!a pood general coursing. The hares,
•while a lively let. were not of the fast
class which have been furnished of late,
jind as a result it was an even chance
between then and the hounds. Not many
ciscapos wore recorded, nor was it neces
sary to coil on the relief dogs except on
a. few occasions. Throughout the stake
the favorites more than hold their own,
though the dogs were closely matched
and Turntthed exciting truing.
In many of the runs It was a question
of doubt until the Hag was raised for a
¦winner. J. Moriarity's Jiminle Anthony
t>eat Password in a hard course, in which
the haro took its pursuers all over the
field- In coiiEC-quence of the hard work
the winner will be withdrawn frcm the
: u-l.o. Ten shonends secured decisions
over favorites. The best was the win of
C"i;rtis & Son's Kibosh from J. Cham-
Mile's Hot Foot. Odls of 5 to 1 vrero or
iered on Hot Foot, lie took a decided
lead from the tlips, but Kibosh, when he
once joined In, outworked him and piled
vp points to his 14. The course was a
hard one, aiiu though Kibosh showed
much cleverness the. pame took him such
a Ions route that hie chances for petting
xauch farther on the card are slim.
Jklisa Skyrocket beat Ben Kirby at 2 to
1 In a clcte race. Wild Norah beat Erin
pointless at 5 to 2. Liberator b<>at Kettle
:.;.:. at 5 to 2 in a. long course. Martha
Washington beat Delia 11 2 to 1. Lady
"¦•-.- beat lixpense 5 to 3. Santonin beat
Snapshot at 2 to 1. gilver "Wings beat Ever
shore poir.tless at 5 to 3. Forest Queen
beat rtlensi at 5 to 3 in a long course.
Colonel L«ej>ez beat Reckless Archer at
2 to L
The degrs rcmaininff in the stake shculd
larnlsh intcrcsting^eport. Olita looks to
have a chance for first rr.onej-. with
MairJe Pk-aEax;t and Controller close up.
Matter Clair did speedy work and is In
favor, though in former stakes he has not
ehovn stamina pnough to carry him
l-hrou^b. The day's results, with Judge
John Grace's official scores:
Open stake. f.m round— J. H. Prrigo's Con
troller btat CurtiH 6c Eons* Psyche, 3-2; Cur
tis &l Bons' Cavalier teat J. J. Kennedy's "Wln
r.iriE Lass'.e. lt-2; W. J. Browning's Mountain
Belle beat Pasha Ktcnels' Real Lassie. 3-0;
l'a>ha JCer.ncLs" May ' Hi-mpstfad beat G.
Welch's Little Lucy, 8-2; George Sharinan's
Mi** Skyrocket »>pat It. A. Deckeiman'E Hen
Kir! y, 6-5; f. Reilly'a Master Mat boat Caj>
lain Cane's Victor Queen, ?-"; l J a.«ha Kennels'
Kest AEFUit-d belt Kelly & Har.Iey 1 * Bary
Xlrijr, 6-1; J. Morlarity'e Jimmio Anthony brat
J. K. Emith-r Password. 15-11; J. L. Ross* "Wild
"Wave boat II. A. Deckelnmn's Master Rocket,
7:5; A. Buker's Kar.akc beat Harrigan &
"lYiepand's Overture, C-2; A. Johnson's Ijov
land-.-r beat J. Byrne' g Master lily. 10-1; P. J.
lieKly's Moonbright beat J. P. Thrift's Sir
Hughie, 10-6; Pasha Koncels' Rolllcklr.c Airs
beat Eroln & Lyons' Silver Lyon, 15-1; Curtis
& Sons' Kibosh Ix-at J. Chair.bille's Hot Foot.
'Jit-U: James Dean's Gallant beat Pasha Ken
nels' Goia Xusget. 6-4; C. Bonar's Wild Norah
b«at M. Dmtlee's Krin, 6-0; C. B. Charle?
*orth'g Crawford Braes beat T. Logan's Honor
Pricht. €-2; P. 5ttir.hofTs Veto beat James
Hurley's Sbvloek Boy. 10-2; Sterl & Knowlei'
cilia beat 1'asba Konnels' Risky At*rtnpt.
4-0; Lacfle & Gerber's Mount Ida
b^at o. Zahl'a Miss Wilson. 2-1;
Bterl * Knoxries' Sleety Mist b«at Tasha Ken
rels* Metallic. It-;; P. Doyle's Liberator b*-at
J. Moriarity's Kittlrman, J. Trade's Old
Glory b.;at F. Sctou's Lady Glcnklrk. 5-1;
Fterl & Knowles* Rusty Gold beat A. Johnson's
Mountain lUauty. B-2; Curtis & Sons' Echo
boat J'. R.-lliy's I^dy Granard. 4-0; C. Grau's
llartha M'astlnston beat F. C. Mack's Delia
M. €-4; C. O. Peterson's Silver Cloud beat T.
W. Barrels' Betsy Uarroxr. JJ-9; I>. F. Bartels 1
B^cr Brewer beat W*. Calme's Imperial. 30-2;
«?urtis A: Fons* Cash beat Bchaffer Bros.' Thun
derbolt. Ii-2; Connell I!tx>s.' St. Helen beat D
E. Wiley's High Born LaSy, 14-7; J. Carroll's
Msistrr Clair a bye; G. Bona Fi'J<?
beat P. Relay's J'.m Jeffrie?, 9-S; D. E. Wiley's
Buck beat Chlarir.i Broc.' BraFS I5utton. 3-1;
J. Dlekson's l^ady Bess boat P. Itrilly's Ex
per.se. J0-1; J. M. StlllweU's E^meralda Wat
J. Bmtttrti Martf-r Workman, ?.-:: A. Johnson's
}Jaid Ea^le beat Aencid Kennels' Aohlllf^. b-1;
V.. M. K'llocp'E Iowa Boy l*>at J. H. MrN'e]l>
Pearl Vac, ?-<"•; <:hiarir.i Bi-ob.' Bunco Bill beat
Oirt:5 & Son'? Ii. .einar-.te. 4-3; J. p. Thrift's
Tyrone Prince beat F. A. McComb's The Exile,
K-S; J. Cam Us AurWand beat Pa^ha Ken
nel's RecorCine Anjrel. II-9; W. C. Glaspon's
Far.tonln beat H.A. Deckelman's Snapshot 6-4-
Pasha Kranels' Fiound About, a bye; Land* &
Gerber's Concord beat F. Patterson's Our Map
rie. 5-0; Erwln & Lyons' Silver Wings beat J
Kennedy's Evr-r Bborfc 4-0; <'urti3 & Son's
Fhadow L«at F. Hchou's Smutrrler. 10-1- <^u r -
tie & Por/s ilcKir.ley beat J. P. Thrift'* £t
Mirhael. f-4; Jam»s I>an> C"nntraara b<-at
Ii. E. d» B. Lopez's Sara, 4-3; Pasha Kennrls'
Ilandora Aira beat M. Welch's Benialrng 4-0
<>>orfe Parkins m'* Den Lomood beat I'asha
Ker.rK-is' Reve d' Amour. T-I: D. Toland's Tleas
«at Girl beat Mah-r A: tUUTm lis.'i Bov 3.,-^ •
L. I>onrt3ert>--s l'artfr, r .l I^i«s beat I-arkey &¦
P.oc»i6 Ia Estrella, l«-6; L. F. Bartels* Ban
ner Erieht beat Aeaeid Kennels' \en»ns $-!•
Jrjnes theridar/s Finest Queen beat Lande &
t^-rt^r's Itifr.ii. 12-30; F. Jones' Lovina beat
r BdWa K:ir;R> Borderer; 13-S: Connell Kr.-.,.
\JXt '¦pI'V C £'™, -la^ousal's Colonel Lopez
beat Parha K-rnels BecUess Archer. C-4.
Master Glair, Olita, Mamie Pleasant
ard Controller Are Picked to
Ehovr Well Along in
To-Day's Finals.
Run Down of the Big Stake
at Union Park Shows
Good Sport
FAST HOUNDS ARE
EVENLY MATCHED
5TANFORD AGAIN DEFEATS RELIANCE
BY A SCORE OF SIX TO NOTHING
Totals 23 4 7 4 27 IS "I
STOCKTON.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A, B,
McCarthy. L f ! i } ? 2 2 2
McGucken, c. f 8 0 1 1 J » t
Moore. 3b — . j 0 1 0 1 I 0
Strelb. lb - * ° 1 X M X 5
McHale. r. f * 1 1 1 1 J •
Graham, c 3 1 1 J * « J
Babbitt. ». s 3 10 14*9
Courtney. 2t> 8 ° ° ° ' ! 1
Johnson, p 4 0 1 0 0 « •
BAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. POu A. B,
Brockhoff. 1. f 3 ft S 0 3 0 0
Hildebrand. r. f 3 0 0 0 0 0 0
Schwartz. 2b 4 0 0 0 10 0
Pabst. lb 3 1 1 1 13 1 0
Sullivan, o - » 1 1 0 3 1 1
Levy. 1. t 4 0 3 0 3 » 0
Krug. 8. S 4 0 1 0 ? 4 <K,
Reilly. 3b 8 0 0 0 1 » 0
Fitzpatrick. p - 3 0 1 J> _1 _8 _J>
Totals 30 2 8 1 27 18 1
RUNS AND HITS BY INNING3.
Stockton 11010 12?ti
Base hits aiOOXSOl 0 — T
San Francisco <)0020000 0—3
Ease hits 12120110 0-»
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Johnson 1. Fitzpatrtck
3 Two-baae hit — Moore. Sacrifice hits — Me-
Gucken. Babbitt. Courtney. First base on er
rors-San Francisco 1. First base on called
balls— Stockton 3. San Francisco S. Left on
bc^es Stockton 4 San Francisco 7. Struck
out— By Johnson t, by Fltzpatrick 3. Doubl*
Plays— Courtney to E.abbitt to Streib; Babbitt
to Strelb: Fltzpatrick to Pabst to Reilly.
Passed ball— Graham. Wild pitch— Fltzpatrlck.
Time of game— 1:50. Umpire— H. Smith. Oin
clal scorer— J. TV. Stapleton.
Sacramento Shuts Out Oakland.
SACRAMENTO
SACRAMENTO. Oct. 13.— Sacramento
shut out Oakland to-day. Hughes was
back to his old time form and was found
for only three scratch hits. Borcher3 did
good work until the sixth lnnlr.g. when
his field went to pieces. Score:
AB. R. EH. SB. PO. A. E.
Devereaux. 3b 4 2 2 13 10
Sheehan. c. t 4 2 113 0 0
Stanley, c * 1 1 3 . 2 o
Kacan, 3. s 3 12 0 4 3 1
' Doyle, r. f 4 1 J 1 0 0 0
; McLaughlln, LI * 1 1 1 * 0 0
; Hanlon. lb 3 0 0 0 8 0 0
i Hughes, p 5 1 2 1 0 1 0
Stultz. 2b 3 10 0^30
Totals 31 13 9 3 27 9 1
OAKLAND.
. AB. R. EH. SB. PO. A. E.
Trennan, c. f 3 0 10 10 1
Hutchlnson. lb 3 0 0 0 8 0 1
Moskiman. 2b 4 0 1 0 2 2 0
Arrellanea. s. s 3 0 0 0 2 1 2
Borchers. p 3 0 0 O 1 3 •
Held, r. f t 0 0 1 1 0 0
Lohman. c 2 0 0 0 9 12
Bowman. 1. t 3 0 10 2 10
Kelly. 3b 3 0 0 0 8 4 J
Totals XS 0 3 1 21 13 S
RUNS AND HITS BY INNTXG3.
Sacramento 0 0 0 0 12 2 5 •— 19
Base hits.;. 1 1101122*— 9
Oakland 0 O0O000O 0 — 0
Base hits. 2 00000010—3
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Borchers 2. Sacrt2e«
hits— Hanlon. Hutchlnson. FlrM bas« on arrora
— Sacramento 4. Oakland L First baso on called
balls— Sacramento 5. Oakland 2. Left on bases
—Sacramento 10. Oakland 3. Struck out— By
HuRhes 7. by Uorehera 4. Hit by pitcher— De*
rrfaux. Sheehan, Hanlon. Stultz. Held. Double
I. lays — Stultz to Hanlon; Hanlon to Eaj?aj»;
Kelly to I-ohman to Hutchlnaon. "Wild pltcb—
Borchers. Time of game- 2:00. Umpire— Bletfcen.
Fcorer— I. C. Nathan.
Stockton 4, San Francisco 2.
There was an element of slowness in
the baseball game at Recreation Park
yesterday, which seemed to spread over
the grand stand and diamond alike. Early
in the day Stockton began to shoot a
single odd runner over the rubber and
remained In the lead until the end. A
couple of decisions by Hughey Smith
made double plays possible and provoked
the rooters to the use of words not often
heard In polite circles.
"Younger" Johnson was in the box for
the Millers, and be pitched slow but fair
ball. Graham, who received his delivery,
was in better form than in the early part
of the season. Fltzpatrick did the stick
stunt for the locals.
Stockton's runs came In the first, second,
fourth and sixth Innings. McCarthy led
off with a hit and after landing at second
on McGucken's sacrifice scored on Moore's
two-bagger. In the second Graham, who
received four bad ones, went to the mid
dle station on Babbitt's sacrifice, scoring
on Johnson's single. In the fourth Bab
bitt scored owing to some loose throwing
ty Sullivan. McHale crossed the- rubber
In the sixth.
The fourth inning gave the local teaxa »
place on the score board. Pabst was
given first on balls and went to third oa
Sullivan's hit. Then Rube bunted and
Pabst scored. On an error by Courtae*
Sullivan scored.
Errors were few and hits not many,
The score:
Errors and Hits Were Few and the
Play Clean, but the Game
Lacked Ginger and
Life.
Umpire Smith Excites the
Crowd by Questionable
Decisions.
STOCKTON WINS
IN A SLOW GAME
THE'ISAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1900.
32
SENT FREE TO MEN!
Quickly Restores Lost Vi^or
to Men.
A Most Remarkable Remedy That
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mall
to All Who Write.
Free trial paclraces of a most' remarka-
ble remedy are being mailed to all who
will •write the State Medical Institute.
<5~hev cured so many men who had bat-
tled* for vears ngsJnst the mental and'
tihyeical *rurrcrinp of lost manhood that
the Institute has decided to distribute
free trial packages to all who write. It
is a home treatment, and all men who
Buffer from any form of sexual weakness
rtsuHIns Irom youthful folly, premature
ofS o f strength ard memory, weak back,
varicocele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly crateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to th« desired location, pivins strength
nnd development jU5t where it is needed.
Tt cures all th* ills and troubles that come
from years of misuse of the natural func-
tions and has been an absolute success In
o ii rwW A request to the State Medical
IncmutV. « Elcktron building Fort
%Vavne. Ir.o\. rtatinu that you desire one
«r their free 'rial packages, will be com-
SlJcd vrfth r promptly. The Institute is de-
r'rous of reaching that sreat class of men
£K> Ire unable to leave heme to be treat-
rd i and the free sample will enable them
«l?t a free simple, carefully scaled In a
«T£n paikUe. «& thM its .recipient ne«d
£l?C« no fear of embarrassment or pub-
licity. B^adem ar» requested to write
without jlelar* " » - —
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENT*
DR. MEYERS & CO.
SPECIALISTS.
Diseases and Weakness of Men
ESTABLISHED 1SS1.
We cure Lost Manhood and weak-
ness which accompanies it. also
Private Di.-eases. Varicocele. Stric-
ture. Blood Poison. Diseases of the
K'.dneys. Madder, etc.
Patients may pay when well or In
' monthly installments. Home cures
a specialty. Private book, question
list, etc., free at office or by mall.
Correspondence confidential.
HCUI-.S— Da:ly. S to 5. .Evenings.
7 to 8. Sundays. 9 to 11. ELEVA-
TOR ENTRANCE.
* 7121 MARKET- STREET,
* *** San Francisco.
LADD'S GUN STORE,
nS'16^** *- 1 Kearr.y st.. «;. f fj P
"j>^ Fishlnsr Tackle and Sportlne
Goods. The largest stock >>n
the raelnc Coast of every description. Send 1
Illustrated catalogue. Xo. 4. '* U CSt 90 ' paxo
WINTER RESORTS.
PARAISO HOT SPRINGS^
Tn« Carlsbad of America. '«¦ now open for th*>MISS EULA E. ELSTON. WHO IS PREPARING TO MARRY A GOVERN
MENT PHYSICIAN AND TAKE UP HER RESIDENCE IN THE PARA
DISE OF THE PACIFIC.
A home for ex-milllonalres Is planned by
one of their kind, and. plungers who are
broken at the wheel can find rest and
quiet in Poug-hkeepsle. Richard B.-Fer
ris, who for fifty years has been vice
president of the Bank of New York,
closed a deal recently for the purchase of
a historic mansion in Poughkeepsie, the
fund for which was left by Samuel AI.
Plngle, - -, The. home 1b Intended solely for
men who have made and lost ¦ fortunes. —
Cleveland Leader.*
Homo for Ex-Millionaires.
Candidates Speak.
BERKELEY, Oct. 13.— A well-attended
Republican rally waa held this evening in
Slsterna Hall under the auspices of tha
Alameda County Central Committee.
Judge A. P. Van Duzer of San Francisco
waa the principal speaker. Supervisor
John Mitchell, David McWade, candidate
for the Assembly, and Superior Judges
ORden and Ellsworth also addressed the
meeting- Thomas Dowd was chairman of
the evening. '/'.*_-,'.
"I see by de papers." said Brother
Dickey, "dat dey been a-tryin' ter lynch
my race in de Xorth en Wes' er'gin. My
my! "What do dem Yankees mean, any
how? Dey tol' us when dey sot us free
dat dey gwlne give us plenty er rope, en
blesa God. fum de way dey been cuttin'
up lately hit look lak clay gv me keep dey
promise! En now. heah come a white lady
fum Bostlng preachir.' ter de cullud man
dat hit's mo' better ter be- lynched In 0e
North dan in de South! But. fer de Lawd
sake, whsr's dediff'unce? Ter save my
life I can't see none. Lynchin' is lynchln',
wharever hit come, en a dead nigrger is a
dead nigger fum BUlville to Bosting! My
advice ter my race is ter stay whar hoihe
Is. en of dey pits lynched after all. dey
at leas' will be lynched by dey fr'en'ds, en
in do Ian' whar* dey raise en bo'n!"—At
lanta Constitution. .
Brother Dickey's Advice.
Ah Ohn. a Chinese thief, was arrested
by Policeman P. O'Brien on Pacific street
yesterday afternoon and taken to the City
Prison. For some time past Ohn has been
peddling bolts of new tennis flannel which
the police believe were stolen from some
warehouse and orders were given to ar
rest hbti. Two years ago the Chinaman
was convicted of larceny for stealing a
lot of cartridges from the Colt Repeating
Arms Company and served- six month.3
for his offense. , : ;:V- ",":: %
Chinese Thief Arrested.
OAKLAND. Oct. 13.— There will be a
Scandinavian conference to-morrow at
the Swedish Mission Church on Filbert
street, near Eighth. There will bo
preachers present from other portions of
the State.
Scandinavian Conference.
The guardian claims "that neither th.~
special administrators nor their counsel
have done anything but get letters and
employ agents to collect the rents and
there Is no more necessity of having- four
men to attend to the special administra
torship than there Is necessity of hitching
a horse to a good automobile. We know
that the only work Executor Barry will
need to do will be to sign his name a few
times. The guardian believes that a poor
compromise in this suit is better than a
good law suit."
Of a claim for 5250 presented by John
Ferrin for detective work Mrs. Dlckson
says she does not believe he earned L'50
cents. The offers to compromise are mado
without reference to the action of Judge
Greene on Mrs. Amerman's motion for a
new trial. _¦
The g.lardian offers to sell the gas stock
and from the proceeds pay Clarence Pat
ton's share of the following claims: i.lrs
Fannie Amerman, $2000; E. K. Taylor.
1300; Thomas F. Gr.rrity, $800; R. B. Tap
pan. JStJO; Sarah Pearsall. $620; contesi
ant's costs, $4TS.
As a special reason for her desire for
a settlement the guardian sets forth that
tho deceased left two other wills which
could be offered for probate one after the
other if necessary and that all costs will
fall on the estate. She also states her
belief that as Mrs. Fannie Amerman is
attempting to recover $7360 she will ulti
mately have to pay some of the costs if
she fails to reverse the verdict against
her.
The estate owns gas stock of the value
of about $21,000 and some realty whfch
brings in a monthly rental of $103.. De
ducting the taxes, repairs and other in
cidentals the ward will not receive enough
from his share of the income to provide
for his living expenses.
Mary Dickson, gnardian of the estate
of Clarence A. Pa.tton. the incompetent
son of the late William Patton, Is anxioua
to effect a compromise with the numerous
claimants to portions of her ward's estate.
She to-day filed a request that the will of
the late capitalist, over which a contest
has been waged for several months, be
admitted to probate witnout further legal
delay and that the various claims be paid.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway, Oct. 13.
Says They Are as Useless
as Horses Hitched to
an Automobile.
OBJECTS T0 FOUR
ADMINISTRATORS
Licensed to Harry.
OAKLAND. Oct. 13.— Marriage licenses
¦were issued to-day to William E. Mea
dows, £7. San Francisco, and Margaret B.
"'Vilde, -I, Berkeley; Henry William Prall.
SI. ar.<l Agnc-s Jchar.ne Margrete Christen
sea, £*, Liver-more; Harden Lake Craw
ford. 2S. Now York, and Annie Clay. 22.
Fruitvale: Leonard Rayrr.ond "Cleve. 2a.
end Sadi<» IsabeUe Miller, ??.*. San Fran
cisco; Joh? S. Perelra. .*£, and Mnry Pun
ta. 22. Oakland: Frederick Howard Fie?3.
IT, and Hilda Sanderson. 27. San Fran
cisco; Marion Eothelio. 21. and Bertha
Corkery. 16. both of Oakland: Joseph
Aloystas Kill'nn. T,, and Alameda Leduc.
2T, Mission San Jose.
Just Escaped I>smolitlon.
ALAMEDA. Oct. 1.1-The driver and
horse attached to a Cape Ann bakery
wagon just escaped demolition this mom-
Jr.g by a water train on the narrow
ga.us'e I'.ne. The. driver attempted to cross
before the train tt Paro Etreet. but did
not get by in time. There was a crash
and then things wore strewn along the
tracks, the wason b'-ins smashed beyond
repair. The horse was uninjured.
England's Relation to America.
OAKLAND. Oct. 13— D. Edward Collins,
president of the California Bank r,f this
citv, will prive an address n?xt Friday
evening at Gier's Hal!, before Albion
Lodge. Snns of St. George. The lecture
vill b* upon the Fubj?ct: "Great Britain
and Her Relations to the I'nltc-d States. "
Dr. George C. Pardee v. ill preside. T7i«»
meeting will T^e an open one to men.
Republicans at HayTrartis.
HATWARDS. Oct. 13.— The Haywards
Hepublican Club has taken in charge the
arrangements for the Republican mass
meetins to be hold in this city on Octo
ber 17- A committee corapoFei of O. 3.
I ar.ran. Georpo Oakes and H. K. Bnin
ner has been appointed to take the mat
ter in hand and launch the campaign in
this section.
Eeinoving Abandoned Tracks.
OAKLAND. Oct. 13.— The Oakland
Trar.sit Company has abandoned fran
chises on many streets over which its
Vars have not operated since the consol
idation. Crews are now rernoviner the
rails from Eleventh street between Harri
fccr. and Clay and on Thirteenth street
between Washington and Grove.
Nevr Broadway Wharf Slip.
OVKLAXD. Oct. 13.— The Southern Pa
clflc Company haa completed | Its new
Broadway wharf Elip. Dredging at the
dock la la progress.
OAKLAND, Oct. 13.— George L. Burns,
a colored man residing at S14 Third 'street,
v.-as ccrcir.ittel to the State Hospital at
N'apa by Judge Hall to-day. Burns terri
fied his neighbors for several nights by
v.-ar;<3erirar around the streets with a
lighted candle. '
Committed to Ifapa.
OAKLAXD. Oct. 13.— Joseph Nealon.
•who v. - 33 accused of hiring 1 a horse and
wagon from a Ran Francisco liveryman
rnd trying to sell the rig at San Loandro.
•»va* acquitted to-day by a jury In Judge
Hall's" court. Xealon fsM ho was drunk
and did r;ot fnicr.d to sell the rig.
2To Criminal Intent Shown.
BERKELEY, Oct. 13.— Miss Margaret
Wilde ar.<l WtlHam E. ileadows were
united in marriape at high noon to-day la
the South Berkeley Presbyterian Church.
Rev. H. H- Dobbins oflicnted. The young
coup'« will reside in San Kranclsco, where
Jlr. Meadows is er.pajred in business.
Heado<ws-WUde Nuptials.
May Die From Injuries.
ALAMEDA. Oct. 13.— Mrs. Elizabeth A.
Groome cf 1S12 Willow street, while leav-
Jr.cr hfT homo to-day, tripped and fe!l
down the front steps*. suFtair.ing a frac
tured collarbone, broken arm and badly
rprained v.rlst. As Mrs. Groome is over
cigtity years of age her recovery is
doubtful.
GREAT SCARCITY
OF LOCAL ORATORS
Republicans Arranging for
Mesting3 Throughout
the County.
Oakland Offlce San Francisco Ca'l,
HIS Brcudway. Oct. 13.
The Republican County Central Com
mittee expects to have the A!a_meda Coun
ty earr.pa.ign under way next week. The
question of securing speakers fcr the
local meetings has been a difficult one,
for there are but few candidates to draw
upon. Superior Judges F. B. Oprden and
John Ellsworth have given Ihclr services
for any and all parts of Alameda County.
Application was made to the Republican
State Central Committee for speakers and
the State committee replied that they
could only furnish speakers 'or two meet
ings in Oakland and one each In Berkeley.
Haywards and Llvermore. The commit
tee Is now endeavoring to enlist the in
terest of a large corps of local orators.
The meeting in Oakland next Saturday
nipht will be arranged with S. M. Short-,
ri^se as the principal speaker.
The Your.g Men's Republican League
has organized Its drill corps for the cam
paign and regular drills will be held on
Wednesday evening cf each week. The
Xatior.al Republican League's headquart
ers in the Central Bank building will be
occupied by the league. The officers elect
ed for the drill corps are:
Captain. J. F. KIcV; first lieutenant. G. W.
Kfdcenoa; second lieutenant, A. L. Hanna
ford; first s?rfrf-ant. B. P. Welle: color wrKeant,.
T. E. Jaste; quartermaster sergeant, J. Clark.
The Swedish-American Republican Club
has been organized with Ben O. Johnson
as president and H. G. Llndregen as sec
retary. A meeting will be held in two
weeks to which all the Republicans in the
county will be invited.
The colored voters of Alameda County
have organized a McKlnley and Roosevelt
Club, with the following officers:
President. F. W. lloore: vice president. Rev.
A. J. AVcodwa^J; secretary. Fred Jefferson;
assirtant secretary, J. W. Green; treasurer.
H. G. Jaccbs; sergeant-at-anns, Oscar Mason.
Executive committee— Richard Leonard, Wil
liam Lytle. J. B. Wilson. James Hardy, Rev.
J. F. Anderson. It«>v. A. J. Woodward, John
A. Wilds. Albert Thomu, James Washington,
Oscar Ma*on. Fred Jefferson. W. J. Ogrlenby.
J. K. LHckinson, Cooper Smith, Samuel Jones,
William Butler. Anthony Lee.
Lecture on Free Thought.
OAKLAND. Oct. 13.— Rev. Joseph Sasla,
S. *J., will lecture Sunday evening at the
auditorium. Tenth street, between Per
alta and Campbell, on tho subject.
"Free Thought ," with the eub-toplcn. "Is
there such a thing?" "Are we Independent
to think or even wish?" "Is such a thing
possible as an Independent thinker?" Ed
J. Flanagan will preside. There will be a
musical . programme. The lecturer is
Superior to the Order o£ Jesuits at San
Francisco,- . -W/
Dr. Lewis Albert Sayre. a knight of the
Order of Vasa, is dead. He was a man of
leonine face and beetling brow. For fifty
years he stood undisturbed at the head of
hi? profession. He was the founder of
orthopedic surgery as a spacialty and
probably contributed to the success of
more young surgeons in the United States
than all other individuals combined. His
nune was a household word all over
America. His hair was long and thrown
recklessly back from his forehead by his
fingers, which he used as a comb, ills
massive jaws were covered with thiclc
side whiskers. His lip and chin were
clean shaven. He looked every inch a
man, and once seen never could be for
gotten.
Sayre was one of the rough riders on
foot. His language was at times most
brutal and profane, and his respect for
mankind seemed undiscoverable. To cftr?e
was second nature in him. He could
give the average sailor cards, spades and
a beating at that game. But his heart
v as in the right place and always as
warm as toast. His stern extericr was
merely a coat of mail covering the most
gentle, sympathetic, responsive disposi
tion. Children, those tine Judges oi hu
man nature, would leave the arms of their
mothers and nurses to go -to him. He
snoke to a tot of 4 as he would speak to
a man of 50, without the profanity, of
course, and the youngster would seem to
understand. Many a childish cripple will
bless his memory.
I visited my old friend a few nights
after he returned from hi3 last European
trip when he was borne to his home on
a stretcher. He lay upon his dying bed,
he assured me, in the final throes of rheu
n.atic gout and resultant complications.
His temper was none of the best, ami his
sharp tongue was expressing in.no mild
terms his utter discontent. "Damn em!
ho cried. • "There Isn't a doctor In New
York that has the courage to operate on
me It I was a cab driver they would
have killed me or cured me a week ago.
But here I am, old Lewis Sayre, and no
one dares give me medicine or cut my
skin with a knife. Damn 'em! "Why don't
they clo something for me? What are
thev afraid of? I suppose I've got to treat
myself and operate on myself. Damn
'em'" •
Turning on his side In an excess of
ngony he growled: "Look up there on the
fifth shelf of tho library and get down
that pile of medical journals. Thank you.
Now I want to show you who was re
sponsible for the defeat of Jame3 G.
Blaine In 1SS4. It was old Snyre. damn
him! That old skinflint of a preacner,
old Burchard. was my patient. He came
to be operated on for a rupture of the In
testines that would have ended in his
death in a short time. Here— here is his
picture showing the hole I made In the
small of his back, the old hypocrite. Why.
I took out a yard of his guts and scraped
'em and put 'em back, and the old scoun
drel got well and went back to preaching.
Here's another- picture. And here's an
other all showing the operation. I saved
the sinner so that he might step to the
front In 1S84 with his three R's. Why
didn't something tell me that he was go
ing to say Rum. Romanism and Rebel
lion? Couldn't I have headed him oil?"
He rattled on at a great rate, cursing
Burchard with every breath as he dis
cussed the operation, which at that time
was regarded as* highly sensational. His
anger, however, was feigned. Through
his profanity and under his agony one
could see the humor of the situation and
his appreciation of It. "Why." he ex
claimed, - "the old scoundrel could
have used the wound I made In his back
to do tricks on the stage with that would
have paralyzed Hemnan. He could put a
gold watch In that -wound and close down
on it so that . you'd never . find it.
Woudn't that have caught the gallery?
No ; professional prestldigltateur could
caual the trick."— New York Press,
Doctor Lewis Sayre, the
Celebrated New York
Surgeon.
WAS ROUGH BUT
KIND-HEARTED
OAKLAND. Oct. 13.— The Retail Clerks*
Association will give a smoker and open
meeting Monday evening. October 22, at
Lorlng Hall. They will give a ball In Xo
vember.
German Postcards.
A novel and time-saving device has orig
inated in Germany In the way o! a postal
card, the possession of which will deprive
even the laziest of sojourners in lotus Ian. I
of any excuse for not communicating with
their friends One side of the card bears
the postage stamp and" the address. On,
the other side ?.re printed wordi, followed
by blank spaces for replies to the qu<>s
tlons suggested. An example, with the
replies made In one Instance by the per
son who sent the card. Is as follows: "Ar
rived; August 20. Society: Mixed. Health:
Good. Scenery: Magnificent. Fun: Im
mense. Lodgings: Fair to middling.
Weather: Showery. Money: Send rce
more by return. General remarks: WouM
like to live here." The pictorial postcard
— the Anslcht-Karte — has riaen from a
fashion to a craze and a mania in Ger
many.—Mercantile Chronicle.
ISary Lcughery and Walter Davis
"Wedded at San Jose Several
Uonths Ago.
OAKLAND, Oct. 13.— On February 23
last Miss Mary Loughery of 703 Twenty
eighth street and Walter C. Davis, who
resides in the same Mock, made a quiet
trip to San Jos=e and were married by
Justice cf the Peace r.o?er.:h;;l of that
city, the yourg couple returned that !
eventejf and went, to th^ hom<^ !
c? their parents. Thpy have not lived, j
together, but contemplate starting in
housekeeping in the near future. It was
with the desire to inform their friend*
•that tho nuptial knot had bound thera
These Tnafty months that Mr. and Mr-;.
Davis to-day announced the fact of their
marriage.
The young pecple are well known In
North Oakland. Mrs. Davis is ".he.
daughter of Mrs. Ellen Loushery.
HZ?T THEIR HAERIAGE
SECRET FROM FRIEXDS
OAKLAND. Oct. 13.-In the story
of the great storm of August 13
that swept the dreary waste and
beach at Cape 'Some, piling
wreckage and the bodies of hu
man beings In horrible confusion along
the tented shores of the Alaskan El Do
rado, stand out strongly the heroic deeds
cf Dr. John Purves, a prominent physi
c'an cf Oakland, who risked his life in
the terrible seas to save t*;e lives of help
less drowning men who, after stupendous
efforts, were dragged to the shore out of
the swirling. hurricane-swept ocean
waves.
Dr. Purves. with some companions who
had been with him at Nome, returned yes
terday, but the narrative of his heroism
would never have been known but for the
praise ¦which his frltnds accorded the doc
tor as the story was circulated by them.
During the terrible storm the physi
cian, alcne and unaided, saved the lives
of five men who were in deadly peril. The
circumstances attending the rescues were
extraordinary.^ In one case the brave
man went into the sea In a small, leaky
boat and brought ashore from a wrecked
dory John Howie and Thomas Green,
who were doubly near death. The storm
had left them In the small craft, which
was tossed anl twlsteu by the blast. They
were miners an<! had started ashore from
a Fchocr.fr •with a load of chemicals,
which were in sealed boxes. These burst
and contact with the water caused
an oxpl^slon that broke tho stern of th"
pmall craft and set it afire. The men
were half a mile from the fcoaeh when
their peril -was discovered by Purves. who
was first to leave his camp and go to the
relief of the Injured In the storm.
Unheedful of the danger Purves headed
against the waves in a light boat for the
burning dory. It was a struggle with
death to reach the men, who had been
compelled to Jump overboard and were
clinging with desperation to the wreck
of. their frail craft.
The wind was increasing every moment,
and the waves were piling in tremendous
breakers along the beach. Large vessels,
sailing and steam, weie going ashore and
breaking up as the lone-handed life-saver
bent to his task.
The doctor reached- the struggling men
in time, and then after tremendous labor j
got them safely into the boat and guided
it through the storm-swept waters to a
iandir.gr place.
"A second time Purves went out." said :
John Laughland of 1212 Clay street, who
witnessed these rescues. "It was like
throwing one's life away. There were
two miners hanging on to a capsized
canoe. They were clinging one to each
end of the upset boat and trying to work
ashore. But the wind was sweeping them
rapidly out to sea when Purves started
out. He had a surfbeat this time, and
but for that could certainly have not
lasted in the gale. The sea was running
at a tremendous rate, and It was a 1000 to
1 chance that he would be drowned as
poon as he left the beach, but out he
went. The two men at the canoe had to
give up and were sinking when the doctor
picked them up. They were so helpless
ihat his strength almost gave out and his
boat half capsized as he was dragging
I the miners into it. But success was his.
.~.nd ho landed miraculously with the res
cued men. who were resuscitated after
hard work.
"A fifth man who was caught In the
Ptcrm was rescued by the doctor in much
the same way. And the latt*»r's work
didn't end there, because he labored day
and right caring for the sick and Injured
sufferers." «
BERKELEY, Oct. 13.— Tha engagement of Miss Eula Elston of this city to
Dr. B. F. Sandow, Government Physician of the island of Kaual, Ha
waiian Islands, has been announced. The wedding will take place in
Berkeley some time about the 1st of January next.
Miss Elston met Dr. Sandow while on a trip to Honolulu for her health
about a year ago. She remained at the Islands seven months, visiting her
brother, Charles Elston. and his fiancee. Miss Hart, and subsequently was brides
maid* at the weddln?. Miss Elston Is the daughter of Rev. and Mrs. A. M. Elston
of 2023 Channlng way. Rev. Mr. Elston is pastor of the Christian Church of this
city.
"Dr. Sandow has held the important position of Government Physician of the
Island of Kaual for several year?. Although a German by birth, he has spent
most of his life in this country and received his education In the Eaat. He was
married several years ago. but hi3 wife died shortly afterward. Dr. Sandow Is
expected to arrive in California about Christmas, when full arrangements will be
made for the wedding. Miss Elston's future home will be in Kaual.
DR. JOHN* PURVES DXJRIXG TERRIBLE STORM AT XOME BATTLES
THE BILLOWS UNAIDED IN SMALL BOAT AND SAVES LIVES OF
MEN ABOUT TO DROWN.
Thanks to a recently adopted ntra on
the part of youns Queen Wilhelmlna, sho
now ranks as the tallest of European
Queens. Since her coronation she has
developed a decided taste for dress and
has been frequently reproved by her
mother for devoting too much time to
questions of toilet and personal appear
ance. Her tendency to plumpness and
her short stature have always been a sore
point, and lately she has had the low,
common-sense heels replaced on all ex
cept her walking boots by Louis XV heels,
fully half an inch higher, thua increasing
her helpht from five feet five and a half
to five feet fix, while her waist mea?ure
has suffered a corresponding diminution,
and her belts are now made twenty-on»
and a half inches instead of twenty-two.
Of all Queens the Dowager Maria of Por
tugal has the smallest waist measure,
only twenty-one Inche?, and Queen Vic
toria the largest, good thirty-tive.—Chi
cago Record.
How She Gre-w Taller.
Claims Alleged Wife Is a Bigamist
and Wants Their Marriage
Annulled.
OAKLAXD, Oct. 1-T— Richard W.
Ilutchinson commenced 5'jit to-day to
have annulled his marriage to Johanna
Iluichir.scn, who was formerly Johanna
Allen. According to tho plaintiff when
the WHining- took place on June 17, 1S37,
Mrs. .Allen -xa? the wife of Robert B.
Allen of Napa, from whom she had never
been divorced. He alleges that she is
«-ti:i :h<? lawful wife of All^n and that
Al!<-n is <:il\ living in th's State.
The complainant also asserts that the
defendant falsely statf-d to him before
their iiH^pred marriage that she ha_i! never
lK:-en murried and that her name was
Josie Lionise Muller. The couple lived to
gether about one month.
!>cau?e of the alleged desertion of hor
husband. Mrs. Sarah K. Bruce to-day be
paa an action lor a divorce from Walter
D. Bruce.
HTJTCHIirSON SAYS
HE WAS DECEIVED
Our foreign policy is only the President's
policy: the war with the Filipinos Is only the
President's war, and the duty Is upon you to
condemn and to rebuke an administration thai
has set asl'le the constitution and has usurped
unlawful power. It is your duty in this hour of
t-eril onrt crtnis to say that the Government of
George Washington must stanjL
Mayor Phelan charged the President
with "abandonment of tho Monroe doctrine,
with bowing to the trusts In establishing
the Porto Rican tariff, and concluded:
So long as a Filipino remains alive American
ascendency in the Philippines, which the Presi
dent cf the United States has seized. Is Im
possible. The only solution of this question
lies In givlnsr the Filipinos independence.
Aguinaldo was officially Invited by represen
tatives of the United States to leave Hongkong
and go to Manila to take part as an ally of the
United States in the conquest of the islands,
and official utterances show that he was given
iOOO Ftands of American arms. And In that un
fortunate occurrence where some Xebraska
eoldler shot at a Filipino picket, for so has
Agulnaldo written of that affair, there was no
war. Military men made war out of it, for war
is their trade.
Somewhere down in the southern lslamls of
the Philippines If the prln-ipallty of the Sultan
of Sulu. over who?" paTaee floats the flag of
the United Slates protecting his harrm. and
his Mohammedan religion, his polygamy and
his slaves. AnO for the privilege of that pro
tectorate the Sultan of Sulu receives a salary
from the President ot $3000 a year. Tou re
member that agreement. The Republican party
once characterized slavery and polygamy as
"twin ovlls." That strange combination down
there Ik a querr affair. Perhars It i<i one of
those "entangling alliances" which Washing
ton warned all of his successors agp.'nst. or
perhaps it is one of those international mar
rlaro."-^» weildlrp of the Goddess of Liberty
and tho Sultan of Sulu.
When our troops marched away two years
ago to light the, battle, and a victorious on",
against the tyranny of Spain, we gave fare
well to our brave boys as only Americans can
Kive expression to their Joy In battling for
liberty. Men march down our streets from
the r*resldio to transports Just the same to
day, but you do not hear the cheers of the
people. Why? Because these men are sent
av.ay to fight a different battle and the peoplo
doprecate the cause. Will any American
blame the, Filipinos for flphtlnfff for their lib
erty? The Filipinos are patriots nnd they love
thMr country. Never do I remember a grosser
example of bad faith than that which invited
them to Join us in the battle aeainst Spain
and then turned our Runs upon them, to kill
their babes .and their mothers.
These Questions upon which they may have
differed are entirely subordinate. Or, as It has
been said, "We do not discuss our domestic
affairs when our house Is afire." When Sena
tor Sherman declares the horror of this war.
wren Senator Wellington stands on the same
r>l£tform with Mr. liryan— wh»n the ven»rable
and honored Senator Hoar rebukes the Presi
dent — why should we not so ahead with this
battl? for right, Justice and duty? When such
men as Mr. Valentine and David Starr Jordan
give us courage, for they ere lovers of liberty,
why should not Democrats gird their loins, not
for" the sake of winning party success, but of
snv'.ng their country?
The rjeclaratlon of Independence has been
violated. The very life of It has been threat
ened, and that Is why I say vre are on «t re
ceding wave. The Government itself is threat
ened by the results from the episodes of the
Why should the Democratic party be afraid
when men like Richard OIney and Bourke
Gockran, who four years ago were lukewarm,
holding views on the money question opposite
to Mr. Bryan, have come back to assist us In
this battle for the maintenance of the republic
as it was founded upon the Declaration of In
dependence and the constitution of the United
States?
The Mayor paid a tribute to Thomas
Jefferson and described the enthusiasm
of the Kansas City convention in receiv
ing the declaration of its platform that
imperialism was to be the "paramount
issue of the campaign." Continuing,
Mayor Phelan said:
I have read that people hereabouts have pro
posed the consolidation of Oakland and San
Francisco. I say pay no aattentlon to it. There
are trusts enough without creating municipal
trusts. We are experiencing: a receding wave
in the aiTairs of our Government. Why? Be
cause the nation was founded a century and
more ago upon great truths, and these funda
mentals of our Government are being violated.
There is a disposition to return to the condi
tions cf several hundred years ago.
The failure of the people of the United States
to properly understand the real questions
which are presented for their consideration
durir.r this campaign can be the only cause
for tho defeat of the Democratic party at the
polls In November. Only Ignorance of the Is
su?s will iaus« failure. Understanding: will
mean victory. It may surprise some of you to
see me here to-nlyht, lor I have troubles of
my own. 1 have to leave my busy tasks on
the other side of the bay to take up this dis
cussion to-nitht of national questions.
» 1118 Broadway. Oct. 13.
Mayor Jamls D. Phelan of San Fran
cisco spoke at the exposition building to
night. A large audience gathered in re
sponse to the announcement that San
Francisco's chief executive would speak
upon the issues of the national campaign
from the Bryan standpoint. Among the
speaker's opening words was the expres
sion, "I have troubles of my own." This
reference to the municipal and political
mixup across the bay produced much mer
riment. There was little preliminary to
the meeting. As soon as the hour arrived
Chairman John J. McDonald of the Dem
ocratic County Central Committee intro
duced John J. Valentine, president of
Wells, Fargo & Co., as the chairman of
the meeting. Mr. Valentine spent a half
hour in a discussion of imperialism. as a
paramount issue of the campaign. Then
in due time he presented Mayor Phelan,
who for an hour and a half held his hear
ers' attention. Mayor Phelan in opening
said:
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
In Political Address San Francisco's
Chief Executive Denounces
War and Sympathizes
With Aguinaldo.
Tells Oakland People He
Has Troubles of His .
Own.
MAYOR PHELAN
SAYS FILIPINOS
ARE PATRIOTS
The funeral will be held on Mondav
from the Welsh church. Miss Olivers
father is en route to take his daughter's
body home. She was a prominent officer
in the Order of the Eastern Star. Her
home lodge has sent a floral tribute.
The circumstances attending Mls3 Oliv
er's death were peculiarly distressing
because there had been considerable im
provement In her general condition. Her
friends had believed that she was on a
fair road to repaln her strength. It was
simply the shock and the overtaxing or
her physical condition v.-hich brought tho
end, according to the .Victors who tried
to save her life after her prostration.
The unfortunate woman had been In
feeble health, having come to California
from her home at Randolph, Nebr., In
the hope that she would recuperate. Miss
Oliver had been under the carfc of a
physician since her arrival here two
months ago.
The young woman was crossing: tha
street at Twelfth on her way to Dr. Self
rldge's offlce. when a big team tcro up
Washington street, crashing right and laft
Into standing vehicles. Miss Oliver was
startled by the near approach of the run
aways and made a rush for a place of
safety. The exertion and mental distress
thus occasioned caused prostration. In
spite of the efforts of physicians who
were Allied as soon as she was removed
to her residence Mi?", Oliver did not re
cover from the collapse and was dead
three hours after the incident.
Overcome by fright while seeking safety
from a runaway team on Washington
street on "Wednesday, Mlsa Harjraret R.
Oliver succumbed and within a few hours
was dead from the effect of the scare.
Oakland OflUce Ban Franc!3co Call.
111S Broadway, Oct. 13.
Miss Uargaret Oliver, a Hebraska
Invalid, Victim cf Collapse
Which Ends in
Death.
Young Woman Succumbs to
Shock Produced by
Fright S
RUNAWAY GAVE
HER FATAL SCARE
Oakland Offlce San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway. Oct. 13.
Because Joseph Klicgcl persisted in try
lr.g to har.s himself at Oakland Park.
Deputy Constable J. B. Richards, who is
l:i charge cf the grounds, had the would
be buicide arrested to-day upon a charge
ct distorting his peace. The question for
Justice of the Peace Quinn to settle under
th.s move of the peace orflcer is whether
Khejrel is really a disturber in the eyes
cr the law when he tries nipht after night
to uome off this mortal coil by means of
a coil of rnanila rope.
Richards declares that he has been
1-J.unted with visions of hareir.gr men,
t:gly and black as a horde cf satans from
pante s Inferno. His sleep ie disturbed
ry the ecer.es in mental imagery of svray
.:.g bodies dandling In the dark, dank for
feit of the park. He trembles at the
Eo-jghing of the \rinds. and Morpheus is
crlven to despair to rive the distracted
•watchman peaceful slumbers.
These dreams have all come to the Con
stable since last Thursday night, when
he found KHejjel about to Jump from a
tre« branch in the park with a knotted
noose around his throat. Kliejjel was
hustled off to the receivir.fr hospital as in
case, but after an examination by the
Lunacy Commissioners he was * dU
charg-ed. The Constable, who had pre
viously had several similar experiences
with Kliegel. decided that hi? uncanny
caller at the park wa« guilty of a crime,
and the way he Intended to prove it was
by having the melancholy suicide haled
Into court.
KUepc-1 has been erratic ever *=:nce his
Tvife sued him for a divorce several weeks
ego. His hn-TP is in Wntts Tract.
Joseph Kliegel Under Arrest Because
He Insisted Upon Trying to
Hang Himself in Constable
Hichards' Bailiwick.
Watchman Jails Would- Be
Suicide for Disturbing
Peace.
IS HAUNTED BY
DEATH VISIONS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1900.
Engagement of Miss Eula E. Elston and Dr.
B. F. Sandow of Hawaii Announced.
BERKELEY BELLE WILL
SOON BECOME A BRIDE
During Tempest He Rescues Five Men From
Raging Bering Sea.
TO SAVE OTHERS HERO
RISKS LIFE AT NOME
33
PAGES! I 1 A YEAR
II Enlarged to 16 Pages! If
! Reduced to $1 a Year! !
! AN INNOVATION IN WESTERN JOURNALISM. I
I TFjE GREAT 1
6 • o
'i> • *
| ....GIVES.... %
\ ALL THE NEWS OF TEE WORLD |
° TOGETHER UflTH °
% Several Pages of Fiction. ' 1
| Stories of Every- Day Life, %
| Fashions and other matters. |
I ALL PROFUSELY ILLUSTRATED I
! 66 PAGES OF IT !
o o
I AT $3.00 A YEAR ' I
<»> — ¦- —— ¦—^— — ¦— ¦•—^—i ,- v
o o -
o Only Two Cents a Week— You Can't | .
| Afford to Miss It. There are no 2
| lottery schemes nor side fakes at- §
? tached to THE WEEKLY CALL. It's t
O o
o a straight business proposition. %
o ' 6
••¦• -I
| /e PACES A WEEK |
o \AT &1.GO A YEAR! S
<3> - <>
! SEND FOR SAMPLE COPY I
o 6
% Arid See What a Great Paper You %
| Can. Get for Two Cents a Week! |
16 — ' '¦ I S|
PAGES I j A YEARHome Gathering's.
THE announcement nf - several
swell engagements and an crjuallv
lr;rfio number ot prominent wed
dir.ps made the past social week
a notable on* 1 .
The members of the Er.tre Nous Co
ti'ion will open their eleventh season
with an assembly and german on Friday
r vcn!r.g. October 19. at the Palace Hotel.
rh<? club, as UFual. is a strictly closed or
trar.lra.tion of f:f!y couples and the re
rfptions this season promise to h£ most
lirl'.liant nr.d enjoyable gatherings.
Mis? Alice Masten gave a luncheon at
They're Engaged.
The engagement is announced of E. B.
Hush. Miss Florence Hush, Miss Susie
Uixby, Miss Ethel Moore. Miss Katherine
Dillon. Miss JUernie Drown, Miss Bessie
Palmer. Miss P.uth Dunham, Miss May
1'cnman, Miss Patricia Coesravc, Miss
Eleanor Davenport. Miss Marie Stubbs
aiul Miss Kthel Valentine.
The marriage of Mrs. Elizabeth Parker,
the daughter-in-law of Samuel Parker,
the well-known capitalist of Honolulu, to
Frederick S. Knight, son of George A.
Knight of this city, will t.-ike place at 5
1>. m. Monday in Trinity Church.
Mrs. Parker is tho daughter of Mr.
Dowsctt of the ii!ands. He is one of the
wealthiest men* in Honolulu and has
large- ar.d varied interests. Mr. Dowsott
Is ;m Englishman by birth and went to
Honolulu when quite a young man. Mrs.
Parker. wh«-n .she reached the ajre of 10.
was sont to New York, where she was
educated. She is a brilliant musician.
Mr. Knight is the second son of George
A. Knight, the woll-kiiown lawyer. T'i?
wrdding will be very quiet; only a few oi |
l he intimate friends oi the bride and
groom are to be present. After the cere
mony they will go to San Jose and on Oc
tober 31 will sail on the Alameda for
Honolulu, where Mr. Knight will go into
business.
of the bride on August 31, and have been
touring: the East and South ever since.
The happy couple will leave here Satur
day for Houston, Tex. They will be es
corted to the Southern Pacific depot by
the members of the Carriers* Association,
with a trass band, in tallyhos. On Satur
day night they were the guests of honor
at a splendid banquet at the Hoffman
House, where the latest songs were sung
and the latest jokes told, and. where the
health of the bride and groom was drunk
In bumpers of the finest vintage. Another
pleasant time awaits them in. Houston.
A mnst enjoyable and pleasant surprise
party was tendored to James B. McMan
us recently at his residence, 70 South Park
strr-et. The evening was spent in danc
hi;;, singing .'ind various games. At mid
night supper was served, after which the
merrymaking continued until the dawn of
day. Among those present were: Mr.
and Mrs. J., B. JIcManus, Mr. and Mrs.
J. J. McManus, Mr. and Mfs. H. Kelly.
Mr. and Mrs. Palllen, Mr. and
Mrs. E. Cameron. Mr. and Mrs.
Decker. Mr. and Mrs. William Thomas,
Mr. and Mrs. William Spiller. Mrs.
Daly, Mr. and Mrs. Franks, Mrs. de
Blois, Mrs. McTnerney, Mrs. Muldowney,
Mrs. Murphy, Miss Annie Lalley. Miss
Mags!' 1 McAuliffe, Miss Mae McAullffe,
Miss Flora Edgar, Miss Annie Campbell,
Miss Maude Starr, Miss Kate Walsh, Mlsa
Alice Kelly. Misses Josio, May and Kate
Murphy, Miss Julia Mc-Inerney, Miss
Grace. Jackson, Miss Mae Flannlgan, Miss
Mamie Burton. Miss Lizzie Burns, Miss
Agnes McQulllin, Miss Gertrude McNeil,
Miss Kitty Dyer, Miss Kate Mclnerney,
Miss Sadie de Blols. Misses Mamie, Lola
aiul Gertie Hart, Malcolm McNeil, John
Miller, Timothy Deasy, Frank Conroy,
Albert Ames, Daniel Hurley, Walter
Woulghner, James Kelly, Horace Jack
son. Jerry McAulifTe, James Daley, James
McCullough, Samuel Dreyfus, Gabe Ve
gar, Robert Lee, Joseph Corcoran, Harry
Cunningham, Harry McSwegan. Herbert
L. Barrows, Frank L. Owens, William L.
Daley and Gustav Baraco.
A surprise party was tendered to Miss
Johanne Plagemann by the Clovers' So
cial Club at her residence, 625 Grove
street, on October 5, In honor of her birth
day. Among those present were: Miss A.
Bruzzoni. Miss M. Pape. Miss F. Munk,
Miss C. Munk, Miss Lylie Schaefer. Miss
Lena Plagemann, Miss Eda Plagemann,
Miss Louise Plagemann, Mrs. W. Plage
mann, Mr. and Mrs. H. Shafer, Mr. and
Mrs. H. Raschen, Mr. and Mrs. O. Zoell
ner of Cordelia, Mr. and Mrs. J. C. Plage
mann, Mr. and Mrs. R. Munk, B. Kramer,
W. Rusch, V. Maret, O. Vogel, Al Henry.
W. Bernzott, J. Lehmann, H. Sengstack,
F. Raschen, L. Plagemann. M. Plage
mann. W. J. Plagemann, H. Kichaleu and
B. Osswald.
An Informal party was given by Mr.
and Mrs. E. J. Thayer of 438 Elizabeth
street on Friday evening, October 5, the
occasion being the eleventh anniversary
of their wedding. A most delightful even-
Ing was spent. Those present were: Mr.
and Mrs. E. J. Thayer, Misses Muriel and
Gladys Thayer, Mr. and Mrs. H. B. Reed,
Mr. . and Mrs. George Massey, Dr. and
Mrs. C. G. Noble, Mr. and Mrs. Hume,
Mrs. Inwood, Mr. and Mrs. A. E. Reed
and Miss Noble.
A most pleasant surprise party was
tendered Miss Lily Young, daughter of
Colonel and Mrs. J. S. Young- of the Russ
House, on Friday evening, October 5, in
honor of her sixteenth birthday. The spa
cious parlors were artistically decorated
with ferns, smilax, American Beauty roses
and carnations. An elegant collation was
served In the large dining-room, the table
being arranged In the form of the letter
L. Covers were laid for fifty guests.
Dancing was enjoyed by the young folks
until the wee sma' hours. • Miss Lily re
ceived many costly gifts. Those present
were: Miss A. Flowers, Miss A. McDon
ald. Miss S. McCormlck. J. D. Hynes, M.
S. Shoenbenr. J. P. Morgensen, Colonel
and Mrs. J. S. Young, Mr. and Mrs. J. J.
Young, Pearl Young, Frank Young, Mas
ter Hugh Young, Miss Lily Young, Cap
tain and Mrs. F. W. Jordan, Ed -Jordan.
Misses Emily and Hazel Jordan,. Mr. and
Mrs. Btelling, Mrs. J. PL Wallace, Mrs.
K. Hare, Darrel A. Hare, Mr. and Mrs.
Walter H. Marston, Master Earl Marpton,
Master Roy Marston, J. 'Wells, C. Wells,
J. B. Castle, Miss Pearl Haas, Miss Hazel
Batkin. J. P. Goyheneix, C. O. Barlean,
R. P. Evans, M. Ryan. O. O. Cullom, Miss
Lucy Peirson, Mr. Fisher, Mra. A, H.
Macdonald, Miss M. MacDonald, Mrs. A.
Flowers, Miss V. A. Flowers, Miss M. E.
Flowers, Bill Williams, Miss O. Stetson.
Professor S. Martinez, Master George
O'Nlel, O. J. Schmidt.
A party was tendered Thomas A. Pres
ton at his home, 111 Welch street, Monday
evening, October 8, by & large number, of
his friends In honor of his return from
the north. The evening was devoted
A luncheon was given Wednesday aiter
r.oon by Miss Carmen Moore, at her home
on California street. Jn honor of Mls<i
Jean Hush. The d<*eoraiion» were yelllow
chrysanthemum?, artistically arranged.
Mips Moore's guests were: Miss Jean
the University Clul> on Thursdav. October
31. Those at table were Miss Flor
ence Stone. Miss Bernie Drown, the
Misses Bessie and Margaret Cole, Miss
Laura Farnsworth. Miss Margaret Salis
bury. Miss Nina Gordon. Miss Maye Col
btzrn. Miss Gertrude Paimer, Miss Edith
Fiubbs. Miss Jessie Fiiimore, Miss Ethel
Wallace, ihe Misses Carmany, Mrs. A.
1>. Keyes, Mrs. Alexander Baldwin, Mrs.
W. E. Elliott. Mrs. J. R. Wallace Mrs.
"W. K. Pr-rkins, Mrs. J. H_ Folsom, Mrs.
Phil K. Gordon and Mrs. E. C. Ewell.
On Wednesday morning, October 10, at
10 o'clock, John J. BInet. iate sergeant of
Company H, First California Volunteers,
and Miss Lillian L. Maloney were mar
ried at Mission Dolores Church by Rev.
Father Conway. Daniel J. Shanahan was
best man and Miss M. Maloney, sister of
the bride, was bridesmaid. The bride was
attired in pink organdie over pink silk and
carried a bouquet of bridal roses. The
bridesmaid's dress was lemon-colored
organdie. After the wedding a quiet re
ception was held at the home of the
bride's mother, 9 Dearborn avenue, at
w-hich only the families and intimate
friend3 were present. After the reception
the happy couple left for an extended trip
through the southern part of the State.
Those present were: Airs. A. Maloney,
Mr. and Mrs. J. L. Blnet, Mr. and Mrs.
P. A. Kesseler, Mr. and Mrs. J. Dold, Mr.
and Mrs. Crowley. Mrs. O'Neill, Mrs.
O'Brien. Mrs. Bohen, Marie Binet. Ger
trude Binet, Nellie McDonough. Albertlne-
Bohen, Irene Kesseler, Joseph Kesseler,
Helen Dcld, John Maloney and James
ilalonf-y.
The wedding of Judge T. B. Pratt and
Miss Fanny Howard was celebrated at
the residence of the bride's parents, Cap
tain and Mrs. Johannesen. 2326 Mission
street, on Sunday. September 30. The
bride was attired in ivory satin trimmed
with duchess* lace. The maid of honor
was Miss Rebecca Rosenblum, who -wore
white organdie over blue silk. The groom
was attended by Max Shoenfeld. Rabbi
J. Voorsanger performed the ceremony.
Alter congratulations supper was served.
Among those present were: Captain and
Mrs. Johannesen, Mr. and Mrs. Cohen,
Mr. and Mrs. C. Rosenberg. Mr. and Mrs.
F. Dorn. Misses Ray Levy. Beckie Dlnk
lespeil. Rosy Bloom. Gussie Golberg,
Rachel Steinberg, Millie Lelbenbaum, Ike
Cohen, Abe Rosenthal, Sol Ikenbaum, Ja
cob Pratt, Arthur Dinklespeil. Max Ro
senstern, Sam Levy, Sol Isaacs, Fred
Bloomberg, Herman Flgenbaum, Herman
Nathan, Isidore Jacobs. The bride was
the recipient of many valuable presents,
among which was # diamond sunburst,
the gift of Captain and Mrs. Johannesen;
a diamond watch, gift of the groom; sil
ver service, gift of Max Shoenfeld; dia
mond ring, Captain Madlsen; diamond
etar, Miss Polly Foster; silver salad set,
6am Levy; two gold loving 1 cupa, Mr.
Dorn; sliver laflle, Mrs. Cohen, and bronze
statue. Mr. Jacobs. Judge and Mrs. Pratt
l«t for the Tosemlte. On their return
they will reside at the Palaco Hotel.
The Daily Item of New Orleans of Oc
tober 2 has the following to say of Ike
Holz, the popular letter carrier, whose
home is at 634 McAllister street, this city:
Ike Holz of Ban Francisco, one. of the
most papular letter carriers on the slope,
has been Bojournlnsr here for the past
week with bis beautiful Boston bride of a
month. They wer© married at the home
Wedding Bells.
Mrs. Catherine Mae Bro^vn announces
the engagement of her daughter, Edith
Morrow, to Robert Hamilton Trumbull of
San RafacL
Collins, a young attorney of Chico. Butte
County, and Miss Mae Kimball of Marys
viJk. Cal. The wedding v.ill take place at
Vuba City, Sutter County, Cal., on No
vfmbcr 29. MIsf Klmbail has been for
several years connected with the S5ta*e
Normal School at Chlco, and is a young
lady of rare talent and charming person
ality. Both of the young people have a
host of friends.
MISS MAKION HARRINGTON. WHO IS CONSIDERED ONE OF THE FINEST AMATEUR SINGERS IN THE
STATE OF CALIFORNIA. SHE IS A MOST CHARMING YOUNG WOMAN AND THE FORTUNATE POSSES
SOR OF AN EXQUISITIXCONTRALTO VOICE.
Grand Protector WTiltten has announced
the following visitations to be made by
"aa many officers and members of the
Grand Lodge, members of committees of
the Grand Lodge, district deputy grand
protectors and members of the order as.
are willing to do a little for the advance
ment of tho order" in this jurisdiction:
San Francisco lodges— Bay City, October
9; Aurora, 15; Magnolia, 17; West End, 18;
Pacific, 24; Golden Rule, 25, and Martha,
26. Interior lodges— Laurel Lodgo at
Healdsburg was visited last Wednesday;
October 11. to Star Lodge. Sonora; 13, to
Mistletoe Lodge, San Jose; 19, to Har
mony Lodge; Sacramento; 23, to Oakland
Lodge, Oakland; 30, Yerba Buena Lodge,
San Jose; November ' 7, to Marysville
Lodge, Marysvllle, and 20, to Angel City
Lodge, Angels. -•
The Grand Lodge of the State of Texas
has appealed to the members of the order
for help for two hundred members of the
fraternity rendered destitute by the re
cent disaster. The supreme protector has
asked the members to contribute to a
fund to pay the assessments and dues of
Buch members, to the end that they may
not be deprived of the protection the or
der guarantees to members In good stand
ing. Grand Protector WWtten In an ap
peal to the members of the Jurisdiction of
California asks that each member con
tribute not less than 25 cents and as much
more as the member is able.
It has been decided that $15 remaining
over from an entertainment given by the
order some time ago be donated to that
fund.
Aurora Lodge announced last week
that It would make' up . its >pro rata
of contribution. This lodge was visited
Knights and Ladies of Honor.
The members of the Fortnightly Social
Club of Britannia Lodge of the Daughters
of St. George met on the evening of the
4th inst. at the residence of Mrs. H.
Hewitt. 619 Capp street, where the follow
ing programme was carried out: Comic
song and dance, Mrs. E. Goss; two school
girls* Mrs. Lund and Miss Cogill; vocal
solo, Mrs. W. Clack: dance. "Sailor's
Hornpipe," Miss F. Beauford; comic song,
Mrs. Marguerite Creba; an English Gyp
sy, Mrs. J. Beauford; "Sarah Gamp."
Mrs. ' R. Meadows: vocal solo. Miss M.
Hewitt: a flsherwoman. Mrs. J. Davis;
recitation. Mrs. C. Graham: fancy dance,
Miss M. Ball; vocal foIo, Miss F. Beau
ford: mandolin solo, Miss M. Norrington;
reading. "A Trip to Saratoga," Mrs. J. B.
Staples. In addition to those who took
part there were present: Mesdames R.
Hewitt. W. Hewitt. E. Goss, H. Williams.
J. Beauford, F. Norrington, J. Creba,
Marguerite Creba, C. Graham, Cogtll.
Lund. Langlands, Street and Henwood.
and the Misses F. Beauford, A. Beauford.
M. Hewitt, E. Burt, Daisy Hewitt, R.
Staudart and E. Meadows. Refreshments
were served, and after three hearty
cheers for the hostess the company sang
"Auld Lang Syne" and "God Save the
Queen" and departed.
Britannia Lodge will give an entertain-,
ment and dance in Pythian Castle on the
evening of the Cth of November. An en
ergetic committee Is arranging an inter
esting programme.
Daughters of St. George.
WOMEN'S
SOCIETIES
by the grand protector, who delivered a
short address and complimented the
lodge on the manner in which it Is carry
ing out the work of initiation under the
new ritual.
Aurora Lod.TC 1 has decided to give an
entertainment on the nighl of the 5th of
November in I'nlon-squara Hall in aid ox
the Galveston sufferers. The feature ol
the evening will be a wedding, the bride
and groom being members of the lodge.
The Grand Lodge has donated $13 to
ward the Galveston fund and Aurora
Lodge has donated $10.
Native Daughters.
Sadie Gardner has composed and dedi
cated to the Native Daughters of Golden
State Parlor No. 50 a poem expressive of
their loyalty to the State of their birth
and the order of which they ore member?.
Buena Vista Parlor has appointed Ella
Weh?. Etta O'Brien. Emma Anderson.
Mollie Long, C. Frechcte. Annlo Betkou
ski. Delia Decker. Gertie Bury. Fannie
Quinlan. Eva Phillips. Alice Grimes, M.
Dodge, Clemenee Amadee and Alice TlcOu
let a committee to arrange for a vaude
ville entertainment and farce, to be fol
lowed by a dance. This will be given In
Native Sons' Hall on the night of the 14th
of November and will be in aid of the par
lor's fund for the relief of the sick.
Mrs. Ema Gett. grand president, left for
Colfax last Wednesday and she will visit
the parlors of that county. She will then
go to Weaverville, and be in this city dur
ing the first week in November.
The proceedings of the last held session
of the Grand Parlor of the Native Daugh
ters have teen issued and distributed. The
title on the outside page of the cover is in
a frame of golden poppies. The book Is a
careful compilation of the work of the
grand body, and in addition has a new
feature, namely, an alphabetical list of
the places in the State where parlors are
located, a handy index to enable any one
to locate the parlors. Tb.e book Is adorned
with a beautiful portrait of Grand Presi
dent Mrs. Gett. and a pag*» with portrait
is devoted to the late Mrs. Lillian A. Car
lie. Over the portrait are the last words
spoken by the founder of La Estrella Par
lor, "The morning Is beautiful." The
book is a very creditable production.
The following named were visitors at
the office of the grand secretary last
week: Eliza Wittenbeck of Sacramento,
Mr. and Mrs. D. P. Col well. Sutter Creek;
Mrs. Donlon of Presidio Heights. Mrs.
Alice French and Mrs. Agnes Thornagle
of Alta Parlor. Mrs. Gladlus Bouton of
Sutter Creek, the Misses Mollie and Cora
Long of Bueni Vista Parlor. Mrs. James
Zoman of Sutter Creek, Miss Rosa Day
of Golden State Parlor, Mrs. Munson of
Sans Souci Parlor. Mesdames Josephine
Coddington, McKay and Miss Manning.
The members of Amapola Parlor of Sut
ter Creek are making preparations for a
Christmas entertainment.
On the night of the 4th inst. the mem
bers of Visalla Parlor of Native Daugh
ters were the guests at a high jinks of the
parlor of Native Sons of that place, on
which occasion the Sons presented to the
Daughters a full set of beautiful satin re
galia for the use of the perlor. The
Daughters gave a social last Friday night
at which the Sons were the honored
guests.
The following named were visitors at tho
Native Daughters' Home last week: Mrs.
W. S. Leake. Mrs. Watson Morris. Mrs. H.
M. Greene, Miss Mariana Bertola. M. D.,
Miss Clara K. Wittenmeyer. Susie Kalt
hoft of Yosemlte, Parlor. Nellie and Alice
Shine ct Sonora, Mrs. Humphrey of Vlsa
lla Parlor, Mrs. Nellie Boege and Mrs.
McCormick of La Vesepero Parlor. Miss
Mable Tanner, Minnie M. Nichols and
Emma P. Congdon of Sutter Creek; Miss
Tess— I never saw any one so slow aj
Mr. TImrus.
Jos;* — He la slow, isn't he?
Tess— Awfully. We were sitting tn th»
parlor last night and he suddenly said:
"If you could or.ly see how much I love
you I'm sure you'd let me kiss you." I
told him "I couldn't see tt In that light."
and he just sat there like a stick. -
Philadelphia Press.
Mrs. E. L. Hunt. Miss Emma Hunt and
Harry C. Hunt have Just returned from a
six months' trip to Earope.
Dr. Lu Ella Cool, who has been In Cape
Nome for the summer, has returned and
is a guest at the Palnce.
Mrs. Louis II. Phillips of Alarneda and
Mrs. William Trowbridge Sawyer are
being extensively entertained during their
sojourn in San Rafael.
Jacob Goldberg has returned from Eu
rope, after an absence of four months,
during which he visited all the principal
cities and the exposition at Paris. His
son, Harry Mi Goldberg, returned with
him to New York, in which city he will
remain to pursue his studies.
Miss Marie Lynch, daughter of Judge
Lynch of Wilkinsburg. Pa., has returned
to the city after a pojourn of two months
in Southern California, where she was the
•suest of Mmo. Modjeska at her beautiful
home at Arden, Orange County. She was
also the guest of Mrs. Philip Forbe in
Los Angeles, where mnny entertainments
were given in her honor. Miss Lynch will
ypend part of the winter with her aunt,
Mrs. Dr. Pawlleki. 1110 Van Ness avenue.
from her European trip and Is located at
1017 Sutter street.
Mary Kane of Oakland. Miss Lucy Kerr
of Amador City, Miss Teresa Gannon of
lone and Mrs. Lucy Hammersmith, of
Darina Parlor.
Miss Rellley has returned to her home.
723 Chestnut street, after an absence of
one year in the East.
Mrs. H. Kinspel an-1 son have left for
their homo In Bakersfleld.
Miss Almio Ellis, a popular society
young lady of Chicago, is visiting her
sister, Mrs. Gus Abercrombie, on Lyon
8 Mfss Fannl© Cohn -will be at home tho
third Wednesday of each month at 1011
Scott street. __ • _
Dr. T. H. Morris left last Tuesday, Oc
tober 2, for Denver and Colorado Springs,
where no will remain until November 1.
Professor A. Van der Nalllcn. wife and
daughter returned last Wednesday after
an absence of seven months in Europe.
Dr. Tillle Dittenhoefer has returned
Personals.
The (-npiRcment reception of Miss Adele
Levy ar.d Joseph Bergman will be held ;
Sunday afternoon. October 28, between ?
and 5 p. m. at 1024 Golden Gate avenue.
The "Mondotas" will give their first
grand ball on Wednesday evening. Opto
ber 31, at Mission Opera Hall. Mission
street, near Eighteenth.
Mr. and Mrs. George Henry Myers
(neo Moser) have returned from their
honeymoon and are new settled down In
their new home. 2118 California street,
where they will this Sunday, October 14.
hold a reception for tholr friends between
the hours of 2 and 5 p. m.
The inauRural ball of the German Club
will take place Saturday, October 20, at
Golden Gate Hall.
The Co. R, 1». C. C Club announces that
a grand entertainment and danco will be
given in Mission Parlor Hall Wednesday
evening, November 7. for the benefit of
the armory and uniform fund. Some of
the best talent In \he city has been ob
tained for the occasion and a pleasant
evening is assured.
The initial trip of the steamship Aus
tralia to Tahiti November 1 will carry
Captain John Lcale, the popular com
mander of the steamer Bay City: Mrs.
Leale, IT. K. FieW of the New England
Life. Insurance Company. Mrs. field,
George T W'right, Phil Teller and wire,
Charles Benjamin: Captain John Met
calfe. surveyor of Lloyd's Register, and
a large number of tourists. The Austra
lia on this trip is openinnr up an entirely
ne.w steamship route. Hitherto Tahiti has
only been reached by Flow sailing vessel,
but now tho comfortable ship Australia
will make the trip in ten and a half days.
The subscription list of the First Fridav
Cotillon is tilling up and the club will
give three dances this season in Golden
Gate Hall. The first dance will take
place on November 2 and the others dur
; ing February and May.
The first party of the new social club,
"the Unknowns," will be given In Mis
sion Opera Hall next Thursday evening.
October IS. The club has a very select
membership, W. J. Powell being the
president and Ira J.- Hall the secretary.
The Initial dance will have F. Henderson
as its floor manager.
In the Future.
A very pleasant beach supper was en-
Joyed recently by the members of the
C. S. C, under the chaperonage of Mrs.
S. E. Beard and Mrs. H. Demousset.
After the supper the evening: was spent
around a large bonfire in singing, games
and storytelling. The following members
were present: Miss Mattie Perry, Miss
Nellie Harding, Miss "Carrie Miller, Miss
Belle Alves, Miss Belle McLaren, Miss
Eveline Greenlin, Miss Maud Fisher, Miss
Belle Kidd, Miss Clara Greenlin, Archie
Gilfallan, Edward Beard, Matthew Ebner,
Paul Bernhardt, Clayton Cunningham,
Walter Clarjc, Charles Johnson, James
Simpson, Ciyae tichenck, Noble Petry,
Charles Pfizmaier, Henry Ebeispacher.
The Golden Gate Club gave an enter
tainment and dance at "Wasliington
square Hall on "Wednesday evening, Oc
tober 10. There were thirteen numbers on
the programme, which consisted of songs,
fancy dances and recitations. Huius
H. Miller, lioor manager, led the grand
march, which contained many pleasing
and interesting figures, after which danc
ing was Indulged in untu midnight. The
committee of arrangements consisted of
Ralph J. Dullard, Fred H. Cost, William
M. J?'urbush, J. W. Gimmel.
A very enjoyable trolley party was
given on the special party car Hermosa
on Tuesday evening, octooer 9. The fol
lowing were present: Mr. and Mrs. Du
cas, Mr. and lira. French, Mr. and Mrs.
Banks, J. Ayers ami Miss Alvis, Mr. Pea
cock and Miss Isabclle Smith, Mr. Long
and Miss Mary II. Smith, R. French and
Miss Winks. Mrs. McKay, Mrs. George, Mrs.
Smith, Miss J. McQullty. Miss E. Marlanl.
Miss C. Madden, Miss 1C Madden, A. Mc-
Kellar, H. JVlaiiani, F. French, J. B. Dal
las, Albert McKay and Joseph French Jr.
• The Michigan Liub had a delightful time
last Tuesday evening at Judge M. Coo
ney's residence, 4GSs tell street. Although
progressive euchre was the specialty of
the evening, there was vocal and instru
menal music in abundance. Many of the
old songs were sung, in which all joined
with enthusiasm. General Shafter, the
president of the club, received an ovation,
and npccchcs- full of patriotism and wit
were happily made. Upon the conclusion
of the games valuable prizes were award
ed, and the party marched to the dinirrg
room. whsr«» supper was served. It was
decided to nave a theater party in No
vember, followed by a banquet. Those
present werp; General William R. Shaf
ter, Captain and Mrs. Morse, Professor
and Mrs. Brooks, JuiliTe and Mrs. Cooney,
the Mifses Cooroy, Dr. and Mrs. Cum
mings, Master Oummintrs, Mrs. Major
Gallagher, Mrs. May Sullivan. Mrs. Hart
well, Mrs. Byrne, Miss Byrno. Mrs. Du-
Kan, Mr. an>l.Mrs. E. B. WHcox, the
Misses Wilcox, Mr. Sharpsteln, Mr. Bar
ron. Mrs. Ellsworth, the Misses Madden,
Mr. Nelson, Mrs. Harrington and others.
Club Parties.
principally to dancing, and many selec
tions were rendered by Professor E. J.
Appleby and O. Hutchinson on the banjo
and" guitar. Supper was served at a late
hour. Among those present were: Mr.
and Mrs. Lafterty, Mr.- and Mrs. Delaney,
Mrs. Morton, Miss Mae Hassett, Miss Car
rie Neilsen, Miss Alice Preston, Miss Ollle
Candish, Miss Millie Candish. Miss May
Murphy, Miss Josie Murphy, Miss Mary
I>ineen, Miss Lola Hart, Miss Kate Mur
phy, Mrs. Lynch, Miss Kate Fltzpatrick,
Miss Florence Mclntosh. Miss Tllll© Fitz
gerald, Miss Maggie Flood, Miss Alice
Hughes, Miss May Norton. Thomas Pres
ton. A. Btulde. J. Budde. AV. Bradley, E.
Preston, W. Hassett, G. Campbell. G.
Leamy, W. McCarran, J. Tuey. H. Bos
sert, A. Covcny, P. Abell. G. Ma grill , W.
Dineen, J. Pratt, G. Hutchit#m and J. B.
Preston. T?*'-.v
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1900.
.«
34
SOCIETY
GUARANTEED
BEAUTIFUL
FAOE
Clear from every blemish. Freck-
les, Tan, Sunburn, Yellowness,
Sallowness, Blotches, Pimples,
Blackheads, Wrinkles j-ield easily
to the effect of my marvelous
treatments. Years of experience
enable me io do what others can
vnly promise.
Face- Massage, Face-Steaming
Treatments. Applications to Re-
store Gray Hair free to ladies who
rail at my parlors and perform
simple, easy conditions-
•t" |3 I A I **&** oot'of city ecndiag
I ¦¦ I AA Lwthis ed. with xo cents in
n f\ \/^ rtMBpi, will rwdTe a book
U \J /V of instructions and a box oi
Lola Montez Creme j;*g owdCT
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
Mrs. Harrison removes qtrickly,
permanently and in the only sure
vva y — The Electfic Needle at her
parlors. Not a hair returns nor a
blemish to show.
MRS. NETTIE HARRISON
Dermatologist
78 GEARY ST.. . SAN 'FRAN CISCO 4
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
And all other facial blemishes are removed by
DR. and MRS. A. Vf, TRAVERSE, Donohoe
bulldinx. 1170 Market st., cor. Taylor, rooms
28-29. with the electrio needle ¦without pain or
scar. Permanency guaranteed; hours 1 to 4 p. m.
The greatest skin food and tissue builder,
BRAHMAN TOILET CREAM
Removes wrinkles by maJdnj th« skin firm.
It renders the skin soft.
smooth, clear, whlto and I™"™^"^^"^»^^~"
youthful and cures Poison K^w*£%-n
Oak and Eczema. It is a C*»3«A'S8&.
llQuld. Any cream of th«» i*5rS»2?^*sEa*
consistency of butter will 2SW& 1 *** V*!?
stimulate the cmwth of iSM^SHsWraF
hair on tha face. Brah- th^7 > V Mb
man Toilet Cream is SU "f&r&sP'
fjaranteed not to do so. Jy^W a5ra0»«
rice 23c. Brahman «^*«3BffGSff> >^-
ooth Powder. 2oo. AH ritV^Jaaryy^^r ' *g
druE'flsts and at office of * 4 "^"" IT ™ * f •
A * V- P*,^?^ M - D - L* 1 *' «tock always
at J s 8. Potu\ Drve C<^ -
ADVERTISEMENTS.
B igv^Bi Byl "Dear Mrs. Pinkham: — It affords me great pleasn re to tell f|
E • Jjfcoffl' When I began their use I thought there was no hope for me. I had had. JI:'
of his medicine and began using your remedies, and to-day I am in better {p
££t health than I have been for several years. I feel I owe it all to you, and jg|
yr fwiPfeW^l flKSlH Bf advise all suffering from female trouble to use your Vegetable Compound. **
f I II "I thank you for your kind advice in regard to my health,"— Mrs. j^j
1 1 y^^S^^^ Ik Gratitude for recovered health makes gen- |
\ I j^^^^^^^^^^hk orous hearts* Women who seek fiflrs* Pinkham's ||
\ mi/^^^^^^^Sk Bdvl 00 are promptly helped, and they want all M
\ &y£^m$l$BSaB£m s l°k women to know about it* Mrs* Pinkham*s |*
\ Sm^^l^^^^^^^^m at^ v^ co * s free* Her address is Lynn, Mass* \
fffl ?W^S®^^^^^^^^^ " ¦ Dear rs - Pinkham: — I have followed your kind and free adviceand |
jJljw am to^ a y a new woman. My last doctor told mo I would have to go ]
¦ t nrou g n an operation before I could be well. I had womb and ovarian »j
.t|jttv& £^|*y^^^^^x^s^l^B trouble. I would suffer something' terrible, such paiu in my left side, and |
JpA^^I^^^^I*^^^ it seemed as though I was-all falling'to pieces. Was nervous all the time,
jwjJIi&S S^^'^^^^^^^'M aQ d could not sleep nifjhtJ. I cannot thank you enough for being so kind. *|
¦sswMk ?Sf*^ii«sl3S2H I shall always recommend Lydia E. Pinkham'a Vegetable Compound. »*•'
MhI^^^^^^ and hope that my letter may benefit some other poor suffering woman." j
IeHI HI? LydSa Em Pinkham's Vegetable Compound has -
made a constant record cf cures for thirty 1
years* it acts directly on the female organism
Ei^^^^^^^^Sl and makes it healthy, relieving and curing all I
Inflammation and displacements* \
MRS. IJIFELD, 509 Jefferson Place, Union Hill, N. J M writes: *jj
S^^^^iw <^^^P?w^k'* > use I was so weak that after I had worked an hour in the morning I was y
I palpitation of the heart, was always tired, and suffered in many other $
H^K^\^^^^\Jfb^^^^{. wa y s - ow I am perfectly well and much stronger than I was ten years |
a ° Ot atn "three years old, and the mother of ten children. I never i£
ADVERTISEMENTS.
> FMT——-MISr r tTl \
NOTHING LOOKS BETTER
> x-.jl Than a w«ll- ?
Z jg^S> mad«» tailor _sult >
$ * £5^3* * ni^ l n °k3 worsfl v
v #F"& ' than a. misfit ?
z? *j tailor-made stilt >
<> gfgrt^^Swsjt We char^w yon 1
y^^^^S than others flo #
\ K^&iQ ' Wn^slfe^mar.- J
i ufacturers with ?
J n reta11 depart- >
\ /•>»^kH e have tho v
> M latent New- York j
1 ¦ M vV-^SsI • fabrics and fash- >
X a i' jbI Jotis. artists In *
4 R >•; %I43 tvery depart-
? E*S?A&k Tncnt - Hundreds
2 J%*Z?&X''Sr'& of exclusive fl.^-
l Jw^'y&tcAl&aA Pisrna to solect
< /vy.v'&PiSSaFla from, in rearty to j
J /~y ,' xfo?*&£?*n wear and mad^
5 T iisiYJffiiifff*^* «kirt5t our spp-
l WE MAKE ONLY FITS.
I PRICE TO YOU 10 PER C*EXT
> ABOVE WHOLESALE.
S. BELLER & CO.,
1 230 Sutter Street.
2 TAKE ELEVATOR,
&*q VERY LATEST
f?-JQ'X Straight Front. '
NO-/ • Hand-Made
a\ Diirr nixiri
/tii q° rsets
(W $3.00 1» $15.00
f% Wi 10 Gearo St. r
// /\* if," CORNER KEARST.
iP^SV V " j CHESTER F.WR16HT,
HjfoiJ^yi Royal Worcester Cor*
* Mt-Flttlnc Parlors.
Hitchcock School,
6 AN RAFAEL. CAL..
FOR YOUNG MEN AND BOYS. I
Ecparau Rooms. Gmcaslan. Military Dnii.
CHR18TMAIR TERM BEGINS AUOTJBT HTH.
RBV. C. HITCHCOCK. rnatttpST
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Is Your Face Unwomanly?
• Have you dark shadows on your lips, cheek,
chin or serson? If you have B. B. B. English
Caramel Is Just what you want. It removes
and cures this unfortunate blemiBh. After one
application your face will bo aa free from hair
as the palm of your hand.
B. B. B. English Caramel is indorsed by the
medical professslon, and ha* had 20 .years of
'successful practloa in England and on the Con-
tinent, It la in fact the only satisfactory erad-
ication of superfluous hair known to science.
We ruaranteo a cure In every case under-
taken. Women attendants.
Prompt attention to mail order* with stamps.
Regular physician In attendance.
ELITE DERMATOLOGY INSTITUTE,
838 Market St., San Francisco.
Hairdresslng/, 25c; manicuring, 25c; shampoo-
lea;, 25c; facial xnassar* and steaming.• Sherwood Circle last week gave an ice
cream and- cake social In its hall after
having Initiated three candidates it wa»
for members only and those visitors who
were . present. There was an -Impromptu
programme^ the features of which were
Companions of the Forest.
The second concert of the Mlnettl
chamber-music series will take place on
Friday afternoon next at Sherman-Clay
Hall. A new quartet, by Bolzoni and i
string by Tschalkowsky. "Souve
nir de Florence." will . be given for th«
first time here. On Friday evening It thl
same place Miss Rose Relda Adler will
give a second song recital, which prom
ses to be an affair of highest musical
interest, as was the last concert srlven hv
the gifted Callfornlan girl? B.' FLAT.
The coming week promises excellent en
tertainment from a musical standpoint.
The week's programme opens on Tuesday
evening with a concert given by Hother
Wismer. violinist, at which Mrs. J. E.
Bermlngham, contralto; Mr. Arthur
Weiss, 'celli.it, and Mr. Fred Maurer will
appear. A trio for piano, violin and 'cello
by one of our local composers, Mr. John
Harraden Pratt, will be played. The af
fair will be given in Sherman-Clay Hall.
At the same place, on Thursday evening,
another child pianist. Miss Seta Stewart,
aeed 12 will make her first appearance.
Mr Emil Sauer. on the occasion of his
\mt to San Francisco some twelve
months ago. is said to have expressed the
hiKhrst admiration for the little pianist's
U c 0 ,", Thursd ay evening, at
Native Sons Hall, the Hrst concert of the
twenty-fourth season of the Loring Club
w be given. A notably new programme
¦will be presented, no fewer than five
numbers not before heard in San Fran
rhe C °H,,? In ,n b t^ n -T The "oloSTts from
™e V ll iV wI11 be Mr - J - F- Veaco. Mr H
E. Medley and Mr. I. E. Blake Mrs. j!
cl'ub^ er contralto, will assist the
Miss Kmma 'Wing-, who. with Mr. Lucy
and Signor Abramoff, assisted Miss San
delin, has a light, pleasing voice, not al
ways in true pitch, but of a pretty qual
ity. Her rendering of the difficult "Caro
Nome" was only moderately satisfactory,
lacking finish and variety, and her "Last
Ro?e of Summer," given in the artificial,
furbelowed fashion affected by certain
schools of so-called ballad singers, was an
unfortunate selection.
Signor Abramoff gave much pleasure
with an aria from "Robert le Diable, '
and Professor Lucy gave a clean, cor
rect, but rather dry- rendering of a
Rubinstein "Tarantelle" and a Liszt
"Rhapsodie." Mr. Emile Cruells was
the accompanist.
Miss Paraskona Sandelin has a fresh,
strong, deep contralto voice of a rich,
woody quality and fairly well cultivated.
Si^e sings with ease and expression, but
her breath control is not good, her phras
ing not always artistic and her renderings
of more or less familiar songs character
ized by curious, hardly warranted inno
vations. But, in spite of these faults of
production and immaturity, I think with
the unusually fine caliber of the voice, and
an evident musical temperament, the
young singer will be very effectively heard
from one of these days. Her numbers
werfe "Know'st Thou the Land?" and
"Flower Song" from "Faust." Her en
core, "Oh, Promise Me," seemed to sug
gest a special fitness for ballad work.
The Sandelin song recital on Thursday
evening was a pleasant affair, and In spite
of threatening weather Sherman-Clay
Hall was comfortably filled witn friends
and admirers of the young singer.
The child wonder is In season Just now.
No fewer than three are to make an ap
pearance before San Francisco audiences
in as many months, or, rather, two now,
since Irene Palmer made her bow to the
pianistic public last Tuesday evening at
Sherman & Clay Hall. Little Miss Palmer
is a charming little lady, but she cannot
play the piano. Her appearance In public
at this stage of her career is an imposi
tion upon the good nature of audiences
and an artistic imprudence upon the part
of those responsible for her education. Al
most every fault of technique, interpreta
tion and expression were represented in
the little girl"s playing on Tuesday even
ing. Rhythm was apparently understood
as a bang on the measure's first beat, re
gardless of rhythmic rhyme or reason;
there was no apparent sense of the bal
ance between melody and accompani
ment; the touch was hard and unsympa
thetic, the tone harsh and lacking in va
riety, the phrasing poor and the interpre
tations crude and unmeaning in the ex
treme. In a word, there is absolutely no
reason for the child's appearance on a
concert platform. It is not nice to have
these things to say, more especially as it
is evident from the little girl's work that
she has been a faithful and earnest stu
dent; but as I' may also say that these
are apparently almost all fauits of school
ing the young player may take courage
and look forward to a time when her
faithfulness may assure a different result.
noticeably good. Miss Heath's voice Is a
mezzo-soprano of good quality, and she
Eangr the Schubert "Staendchen" and
'\\ as 1st Sylvia" in pleasant fashion. Her
intonation in the tricky intervals of the
•Serenade" was a little* uncertain at
times, more, apparently, from nervous
ness than any defect of ear. The accom
paniments of Arthur Fickensher were In
excellent taste.
ONE of the most notable pro
grammes of the winter season is
that promised by the Orpheuxn
management on the occasion of
the benefit to be given there for
the philanthropic work of the social science
branch of the California Club under the
auspice of the ladies of the club. Saiassa..
the favorite barytone of the Tivoll, will
give the "Credo of Iago" (Othello); Col
larr.arini will appear in a sce-ne from
"Carmen"; Frances Graham will sing a
solo in propria persona; Mrs. Gra.ce Morel
Dickman will give with orchestra a Ealnt-
Saer.s number, and Mrs. Bessie Blitz Pax
ton will also re heard in song.
Then tile Montgomery trio of the Or
jiheum forces is to perform: Miss Jean
t>ure!l. the clever character sketcher, will
exploit "Mrs. O'Flarrety in Italian
Opery": W. J. Hynes will give humorous
selections; George Hammersmith has
promised his "Sappho" travesty; Mjss
Ruby Dawson will imitate Marguerite
ComeiHe, and last, but not least, will
come "Aux Itaiier.s." done by W. P.
Buckingham. Herbert William* and Edith
Ar.uus.
Miss Aniru? is to appear as the "Vision"
In the clever musical reverie, and how
well Fhe will fill the role is amply attested
by the accompanying picture. I under
s-tar.d that the young lady will shortly go
Eist with the James Noill company, and
that she has exceptional dramatic ability.
• • •
Th« Ve-rdi programme to be given, to
morrow evening at the Tivoll Opwa-house
In honor of the eig-hty -eighth birthday of
the old rr.ae?tro will include acts from
"Alda." "Trovatore." "Rlgoletto," a scene
from "Attila." the "Macbeth" overture
and a selection from "Nabueco." and all
the brilliant company now assembled at
the Tivoli will be heard.
• • •
The compete programme for the
Hlrschfeld symphony concert Is now an
nounced and runs as follows:
Overture. "Ira Hoehlzmd" (In Scotland)
CGaie); syaaphonie far.tastique, an epl*ode in
the life of an artist < Berlioz); "Kaiser March"
i'.\sBjer): allegro from Mozart'e A major bo
r-a'-a iMuller-Eerpr;anF) ; •'The Bride's Dance of
tbe Lights," from "•Feramors," (Rubinstein);
"Kide cf the Valkyries" (Wasner).
• • •
Pleasant hearing is the news from over
the water of the successes of three Cali
fornia^ musicians, Mme. Carrie Roma,
tn Oakland girl; Putnam Griswold, but
Lately from there also, and Talleur An
drews, formerly of San Francisco.
Carrie Roma is domiciled in London at
the Cover.t Garden Theater, but has been
tourirg in the pro» - incr-s during the re
cent Grau engagement at the famous old
house. She met with much success in
Scotland, her rendering of "Lucia," In
particular, being chosen for special com
rriendaticn.
• • ¦•
Talleur Andrews, row and formerly In
San Francisco a pupil of Miss Marie
Withrow, is cstablisning a distinguished
reputation in the English metropolis. His
recent appearances in recital at Steinway
Hall. In which he gave many of the favor
ite Lambert songs, "Barque at Midnight,"
"Go. Gentle Breeze." "The Night Has a
Thousand Eyes." served to show, says
the London Musical Courier, "that the
already distinguished artist is steadily as
cending in his art. his tone always fuller
und warmer, his dramatic power broad
ening and his enunciation above the or
dinary." The criiic also says: "Mr. An
drews gives every bar. note, of Mr. Lam
bert's graceful and melodious songs with
an understanding and feeling that points
to complete sympathy with the music and
its creator."
• • •
Putnam Griswold. who Js a -student at
the Royal Academy of Music. London,
and also of Randegger. made a \-ery suc
cessful appearance recently at a private
concert, at which two other notable Cali
forniar.s also appeared. Sigmund Beel and
r>enis O'Sullivan. Randegger has noth
ing but praise for the fine bass cf this lat
e>i musical emigre from California.
• • •
It Js desired to remedy an unfortunate
mistake that was made In these columns
BOOM time ago. by announcing that Mrs.
Grace Iford Dickman's address is at 131
Pof=t street, and not 42J Pine street, as
Ftated. The latter address was that of
the clever contralto's former husband,
and considerable comm'ent and misappre
hension has resulted from the mistake.
• • •
The sor.g recital of the Von Meyerlnck
Mudtnts last Monday evening at Sher
man-Clay Hall was an affair of some
musical interest. The programme was
devoted to German composers, principally
Schubert. Weber. Meyerbeer and Max
Bruch were also represented, the latter
by a rarely beautiful aria from "Odys
fceuis."
Mrs. von Benzon and Mrs. Selbel kindly
rubstituted for Miss Frledlander. who
was puddenly {jidlspcsed. Ringing, respect
ively, the . Meyerbeer' "Shadow- Dance"
and Aenncheu'js aria from "Der Frei
echutz." Miss Feldhelm, who sang a
quintet of Schubert songs and the Bruch
aria, has a contralto voice of rich quality
end has£ also temperament, poise and
come dramatic power. One noticeable
fault in Bcnooling is evident In this stu
dent's work, and conspicuous also In that
of MIe« Heath, namely, a slovenly at
tack. Notes ere Plurred one Into the
ether, the vocalization Is not clear and
the drawling effect consequent Is at times
most unpleasant. Also, the tempos were
dragged in most instances. The Bruch
cria. was. however, rendered In thorough
ly artistic fashion by the young singer,
end her interpretations all through were
MISS EDITH ANGUS. WHO IS TO APPEAR AS "THE VISION" IN A
MUSICAL REVERIE AT THE CALIFORNIA CLUB BENEFIT TO BE
GIVEN AT THE ORPHEU1L
The Elks.
Redlands Lodge makes a favorable re
port.^ The lodge was Instituted laat May
After an absence *>f five months, during
which time she made a tour of Europe,
Mrs. Caroline A. - Hoxett returned to this
city last Tuesday and will at once resume
the duties of her position agj, president ol
the Assembly of the California Rebekahs.
Mrs. Hoxett has announced the following
visits for the month of November: Helena
Rebekah Lodge, Red Bluff, 1st; Mount
Shasta Lodge, Redding, 2d; Millville
Ix>dge. ' MillvIUe. 3d; Fall River Lodge.
Fall River Mills. 6th; Castle Lak« Lodge,
Slsson, 9th; Hope Lodge. Yreka, 10th; Ora
Lodge, Fort Jones. 12th; Vesper Lodge,
Etna. 13th; "Oriole Lodge, Dunsmulr, 15th;
Woodbine Lodge, French Gulch. 17th;
Evening ! Star Lodge. Weaverville, 19th;
Juanita Lodge. Anderson. 21st.-
Amlty Rebekah Lodge has decided to
donate. CO to the Orphans' Home at Gil
roy. l ¦ -. _ . ¦- .
The lodge In Gilroy has arranged for a
reception to the president of the assem
bly. Among the visitors will be Secre
tary Mrs. : Donoho, Treasurer Mrs. Leise
and Marshal Mrs. Jensen. .
The Rsbekahs.
The canton of which. the drill corps Is
-a part has. since the Golden Jubilee of
Odd Fellowship last October, been under
the command of Captain C. H. Kornbeck,
a thorough soldier who has mastered all
the Intricacies of the drill and has im
parted the same to those under him. The
drills by the canton have always been
highly commended, particularly since the
present commander has been at the head.
Since then there has been a large addition
to the membership and all are taking a
deep interest in the welfare of the or
ganization. The officers and members of
the drill corps are C. H. Kornbeck, cap
tain: Charles L. Zelgler, lieutenant, and
Melvin T. Creps, ensign. C. E. Benedict,
Ward W. Beckley. W. E. Dubols, F. P.
Duley, G. H. Fahner. J. H. Foster, M. P.
Forbes, E. O. Glcason, S. Hanscn. C. T.
Johnson. Robert W. Jones. H. B. Larson,
John McPherson, C. F. Phillips, Harry
Rodgors. Charles A. Stahle. G. H. Wilson
and William F. Hatch, members. The
canton will be accompanied by San Jose
No 9 and Oakland Canton No. 11, three
special cars having been secured for Red
ding. The Patriarchs will leave on the
15th and will return on the 20th.
The drill corps of San Francisco Can
ton No. 5, which is to take part In the
competitive drill at Redding, Shasta
County, during Grand Encampment,
which Is to open next Tuesday, has been
preparing for several weeks for that
event. It has become perfect in its drill
and feels that it will return to San Fran
cisco with well-earned laurels. It is ex
pected that the corps will receive a royal
welcome in the northland city, as great
preparations have been made to entertain
it and other visitors.
Patriarchs Militant.
A dispensation has been granted for n
parade of members of the order at Red
ding on the ISth inst.
The grand master has issued a call for
assistance for Odd Fellows who were suf
ferers by the disaster in Galveston. A
number of the local and State lodges have
already sent in subscriptions for the 200
needy* Odd Fellows' families there.
Grand Master Watson will officially
visit as follows during the current month:
October 15. Corning L«odge: 17th, Redding
Lodge: 20th, 'Welcome Lodge at Igo; 22d,
Anderson Lodge (special); 23d, "Etna
Lodge (special); 24th. Marlon Lodge, at
Sawyers Bar (special): 25th, Fort Jones
Lodge (special); 2Cth, ' Yreka Lodge (spe
cial); 27th, Siskiyou Lodge, at Eissons;
20th, Red Bluff Lodge (special); 30th.
Chlco and Durham lodges In joint meeting
at Chico; 31st. Bldwell and Buena Vista
lodges, joint meeting at Biggs (special).
On the evening of the 5th inst. Berkeley
Lodge paid a fraternal visit to Apollo
Lodge of this city and during the even
ing the officers of the visiting lodge con
ferred the first degree on a number of
candidates for the sitting lodge. The of
ficers of the visiting lodge have a State
reputation for the excellence with which
they confer that degree. Th« visitors were
received by Xoble Grand Handel H.
Zobel of Apollo Lodg'i in the Memorial
Hall of the Odd Fellows' building, which
was crowded with members of the order
from city, State and Eastern lodges.
Among the visitors were Deputy Grand
Master Nicholls. Degree Master Kings
ford and District Deputies Streightif
and Keeler. The visiting lodge officer?
won much applause and many words of
commendation for the perfectness of the
work. After the close of the lodge there
was an adjournment to an adjoining hall,
where a banquet was served by Apollo
Lodge. There were speeches by the
leading officers of the order and members
of both lodges, but the address of Rev.
William Rader of Apo;lo Lodge was the
feature of the evening. In the near fu
ture Apollo Lodge's degree team, under
the leadership of Past Grand Saville. will
visit Berkeley Lodge to confer the third
degree on candidates. Apollo will confer
this degree before the next Grand Lodge
of California-
The Odd Fellows.
Last Thursday night Harmony Chapter
Hall was crowded by members of the or
der, who assembled to see Mrs. Emma
Carter, the worthy matron, and her corps
of onicers confer the degree on a class of
candidates composed of the following
named: Mr. and Mrs. Frederick Krone
Sr., Mr. and Mrs. Frederick Krone Jr.,
Carl Krone, Mrs. Elizabeth Gould, Charles
Gould.'Miss Mira Duff, Mrs. -Mary Green,
Miss Kate Wieneke, Kdward J. Thomas,
E. Wallie. Ellen Hendrickson, Mrs. Mar
garet French and Charles Gruver. After
the work of the evening about, two hun
dred went to the bamjuet hall and partook
of a well prepared collation. During the
initiation the music was by Past Grand
Organist Mrs. Xellie Augusta Darling,
who among other numbers sang with
grand effect, ."Mlzpah," "Here I Am,"
"Plains of Peace" and the German "Slum
ber Song." During the collation Miss
Edith i!aker and Miss May F. Code fa
vored with vocal selections, after which
Dr. Mlllfccirj- on behalf of the chapter
presented Grand Patron Darling a pair of
gold cufE buttons, and M. J. Savage, also
on behalf of the chapter, presented him
an aluminum trowel appropriately en
graved with the name and number of his
Masonic lodge. These were tokens of the
regard of the chapter for the officer, who
during his term has shown it so much at
tention and had given such good advice.
Mission Chapter Initiated several candi
dates last evening.
Past Grand Treasurer Mrs. Jane Fran
ces Raabe of Healdsburg and Mrs. Kate
Stephens Braig of Highlands were in the
city last week.
•w- AST Monday night there •was a
R good attendance of members and
B visitors at the session of Olive
JLm4 Branch Chapter, on which occa
sion Alfred Thomas James Rey
nolds, past patron of Onisbo Chapter of
Courtland, presided in the absence of the
patron, who was unavoidably away. Two
propositions were received, and Mrs. Elsie
Matson Gall, daughter of the past patron
of Golden Star Chapter of Jackson, Ama
dor-County, was admitted by initiation.
The music for the evening was furnished
by Mrs. H. M. Owens, the musical s.elec
tlons being rendered with great power and
melodious sweetness. Alter th<* *vork
there was a social iiour aJid a collat.on
waa served. On the night of the 31st inst.
the chapter will . give a complimentary
party In Golden Gate Hall.
Beulab. Chapter was visited last Monday
night by Grand Patron Darling and Past
Grand Organist Mrs. Nellie Augusta Dar
ling and a number of members of the local
chapters, who met in the cozy chapter
hall in (South San Francisco a large num
ber* of tho membership of the sitting
chapter. After business there was a social
hour and a collation.
Last Tuesday night Iry Chapter had
work In the election of candidates and ex
pects to have initiations at the next meet
ing. This chapter is arranging for its
grand ball to b© given in Golden Gate Hall
on the night of October 24. Between dance
numbers there will be given se\ - eral num
bers which will Include selections by a
quartet, vocal solos by J. G. Frazer, Nel
lie Summers, D. M. Lawrence and others
and possibly other features to be an
nounced at a future date. Ivy always has
an excellent programme of entertainment,
and the matron, Mrs. Frances Bonltteld,
does not Intend that the coming social
function shall fall below the previous
ones.
Order Eastern Star.
with seventy-five members. It now has
138, with six applications to act upon, and
has $2000 in its treasury.
Vallejo Lodge at its last held meeting
had five Initiations, thereby increasing the
membership to 110, with three applications
to act upon. Chairman O'Donnell of the
committee on entertainment is busy ar
ranging for a ladies' night.
Secretary Cooper of Los Angeles Lodge
will soon leave for the East. While away
he will visit several lodges on the other
side of the mountains and hopes to pre
sent an Interesting report on his return.
He says that he finds one drawback to
the complete enjoyment of the trip, and
that is that George Goldsmith of the same
lodge is going with him.
Exalted Ruler Bonnet of San Francisco
Xo. 3 is rapidly improving: and expected to
•be out in a short time. This lodge will
have a New Year's watch-meeting under"
the auspices of the ways and means com
mittee. The pedestrian annex has elected
the following officers for the next three
months: W. P. Lawlor, chief pedestrian;
Phil Bolger, chief guide and routemaker;
Thomas E. Dunne, chief steward; O. N.
Hall, chief provider; Percy V. Longr, chief
inviter. The annex will take its usual
outing this morning. Brother Wheeloclr
of this lodge last week won a prize in a
lottery, went into business on his own
account and announces his engagement to
a young lady.
The ladles' night by the San Jose Lodge
on the 6th Inst. was a great success.
There were about 400 Elks and 1 adies
present, and. so charming was the affair
that the ladles are already asking when
the next one will be given. There was an
excellent programme, that was enjoyed to
the fullest by all.
Ancient Order of Workmen.
Last "Wednesday there was a meeting of
the members of the order who are arrang
ing for the monster celebration of the
thirty-second anniversary of the founda
tion of the order. Reports were received
from the several sub-committees in rela
tion to the entertainment and ball to bo
given In the Mechanics' Pavilion on the
night of the 27th. It was decided to in
vite the lodges In Alameda County to
take part in the celebration. Ten thou
sand invitations to attend the celebra
tion will be issued.
Grand Receiver Booth visited the lodge
in Tracy last week, on which occasion
four strangers were received Into the
lodge by initiation. After the ceremonies
the grand receiver entertained the mem
bership with his very interesting musical
lecture.
The extension committee paid a visit
last week to Triumph Lodge, when some
instructive talk was given by Secretary
Molloy and Deputies Hawley, Hartley,
Qulnn and Bowman.
At the next meeting of Silver Spray
Lodge of the Degree of Honor In this city
the members of the local extension com
mittee and of Alameda County will be in
attendance to arrange foi* a campaign for
winter.
Forget-me-not Lodge will give a social
In Red Men's Hall on tne night of the
22d inst.
It is currently reported' that a bright
and very sociable member of the execu
tive board of the "Degree of Honor an1
for many years one of the busy clerks in
the office of the grand recorder will soon
be led to the altar to become a bride.
The San Francisco executive committee
will pay a visit to Unity Lodge on Tues
day next. This lodge will give an enter
tainment and dance in its hall on the
nifrht of the 30th inst.
As a result of one week's work by Spe
cial Deputy R. F. Wells, San Leandro
Lodge at its last held meeting initiated
a class of twenty-one candidates. The
degrees were conferred by the Pacific de
gree team of Oakland. After the ceremo
nies about a hundred members of the
order partook of a bountiful banquet.
Eden Lodge of San Lorenzo Initiated a
large class of strangers last night.
All the local lodges have agreed to take
part in the grand entertainment and ball
on the 27th of October In Mechanics' Pa
vilion In celebration of the thirty-second
anniversary of the foundation of the or
der.' '
Foresters of America.
At the last held meeting- of Court Sutro
Heights th«?re was work in the initiatory
degree, as there has been at almost every
meeting in this court for some time past.
During the evening the subject of having
headquarters in this city for the order
was discussed at length, and the feeling
of the membership was strongly In favor
of the necessity for such a place, where
all the courts can meet under one root
and a place can be provided for the grand
officers. Now that one of the prominent
courts has expressed itself in favor of a
movement In that direction it is probable
that others will follow suit.
Junior Court Pride of California at its
last held meeting, after the transaction of
the regular business, passed into the
hands of the social committee, which had
provided a pleasant evening's entertain
mert. A very enjoyable » evening was
spent, after which ice cream and cakes
were served to all present
The executive council at its last held
meeting allowed several claims for the
services of phyelcans of courts that have,
by reason of not having a physician as a
member of the court, been obliged to em
ploy outside professional talent.
Junior Court Pride of Golden "West Xo.
3 will give an entertainment and dance on
the evening of "Wednesday, the 31st inst..
In B. B. Hill.
The visit of the degree team of Court
United States of America to Court Au
rora, for the purpose of conferring the de
grees on a class of candidates, was a very
successful affair. There were many visit
ors present who were instructed in the
perfect manner in which the work can bo
done. During the evening there were ad
•nresses by Hugo K. Asher. G. C. R.; John
Heenan, G. S. C. R.; John J. Cordy. G.
S.; Judge Frank H. Kerrigan. Arnold
Goodfriend, H. Nathan. R. Rosenberg. A.
Nelson, A. Coleman and many others
The degrees were conferred on six can
didates. Court Aurora will give a bon
bon party in the Alcazar Social Hall on
November 2.
Court Shellmound will celebrate its fif
teenth anniversary on October 13, Court
Acme will give an entertainment on the
24th and Court Justice will have a soclil
on the 23th. -
¦ ¦"-¦ . . __ -.
Native Sons of the Golden West. !
At the last held meeting- of the Past
Presidents' Association, X. S. G. W., L.
F. Bylngton, Frank J. Murasky and
Henry Lunstedt, a committee, presented
a series of resolutions of respect to the
memory of the late J. J. Jamison, the
founder, secretary and one of the most
zealous workers for the association.
St. Helena Parlor No. 53 had an anni
versary celebration last week, on which
occasion Grand President Rust and other
grand officers were in attendance.
- Greenwood Parlor No. 209 was organ
ized by Henry \V. Little, D. G: P., at
Greenwood, Mendocino County, last week.
Grand Secretary Henry Lunstedt and
Grand Treasurer H. S. Martin' will visit
Greenwood Parlor on the 11th inst., Brod
erick Parlor on the 12th, Alder Glen on
the 13th. All these are in Mendocino
County.
At the institution of Berkeley Parlor by
Kdward A. Brackett, D. D. G. P., last
Monday the following named acted as
Fraud officers: Past Presidents J. A
Steinbach and Lewis F. -Byington, Grand
First Vice President Pei*cy L. Badt
Grand Second Vice President Edward A*
Brackett, Grand Secretary Henry Lun-
Btedt, Grand Treasurer W. H. L. Hynes,
Grand Orator F. S. Drady, Grand Mar
shal H. F. McGuerren, Grand Inside Sen
tinel C. T. Rose, Grand Outside Sentinel
J. J. Sweeney, Grand Trustees Joseph R.
Knowland, J. F. Hanson, p. W. Doody
George T. Hans. Frank Harriet. Edwin L!
Meyer and G. W. Morrill.
The initiatory work was performed by
the following named of Piedmont Parlor:
Past President Daniel J. Barr, President
W. J. Baccus. First Vice President W. B.
Quigley Jr., Second Vice President R. M'
Hamb. Third Vice President George Buck
Recording Secretary D. \V. Doody, Finan
cial Secretary John T. Fahy, Treasurer
W. H. L. Hynes, Marshal George Planer.
Trustees Frank Barnet. J. J. Gallagher
and Emile Planer: Inside Sentinel Joseph
Kramm, Outside Sentinel Henry Kramm,
The names of the new officers of Berke
ley Parlor have already been published.
Mission Par!or has appointed a com
mittee to arrange for a grand ball to be
given in Native Sons' Hall some time in
December. , .-.-¦.
The man who borrows trouble' doesn't
have to pay it back—but he never gets
done paying. Interest.
Notable Programme Is Promised at the
Benefit for the California Glub.
SOME ST RAINS AND NOTES
FROM THE WORLD OF MUSIC
Review of Matters of Interest to Mem
bers of Many Brotherhoods.
FROM THE LODGE ROOMS
OF FRATERNAL SOCIETIES
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 14, ' 1900.
35
' .
t , ?
I Dry Goods <^§|g|F& Company. I
y' • • • l^^^Jv • • • y
± FALL SEAS0N---1900. t
± HAND-EMBROIDERED- SHEER LINEN, J
•{* in Hemstitohed, Scalloped aid Lase £dg33. X
1 SHEER LINEN HEMSTITCHED. . |
± . All Sizes, 6, 9, 11 and 13 Inch, in 1-8. 3-16 and 1-4 Inch Hsn. J
I FRENCH HAND-EMBROIDERED SHEER LINEN,. J
4^ The Largest Assortinent Ever Shown. 4*
| REAL DUCHESSE LACE HANDKERCHIEFS, |
J New Designs Just Received. *
f INITIALS. {
* At 9^P EACH — SHEER LINEN, with' hand-embroidered 4
If ill 60\j initials, 4-Inch hem, ten designs, the best values
? ever shown, In half-dozen boxes .... 61.50 Pep Box ?
i i
f CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, f
T X
T SE. Corner Geary and Stockton Straets, San Franoi333. V
4- UNION SQUARB. 4^
? MAIL OR EXPRESS ORDERS RECEIVE IMMEDIATE ATTENTION. •£
AMUSEMENTS.
OPENIISG OF THE
X^^^^^^^^^Wr SEASON.
THE POLITE COMEDY CLASSIC, DIRECT FROM NEW YORK,
Ha"!
1*. I HINDOO I %
HOODOO
INTRODUCING
ANNA BOYD, GEO. LABSEN, MATTIE LOCKETTE AND 20 OTHERS,
POPULAR j EVENING —75c. 50c. 2.^ ( MATINEES-SATURDAY
RiCliS I MATI^Ec- 5O=. 25c J SUNDAY
NEXT SUNDAY AFfERNOON— WYI. H. WEST'S BIG MINSTREL JUBILEE.
COMMENCING SUNDAY MATINEE. OCT. 14.
HARP TO BEATI
Fresh from European Triumphs.
LizziE RA ym0ND
1 The favorite character comedienne, with
original and up to date material.
EDGAR ATGHISON-LEVELY
In his original specialty, "The Future Dude."
— RA UCHLE —
Kurope's great Impersonator of famous men.
TWIN HALE SISTERS
Vivacious chansonettes and like as two pins.
TOM NAWN tiffin
In his overwhelming success, "PAT AND THE
GENIE."— Continued by special request.
SSLt EVERHART
Who makes hoops do everything but talk.
EDDIE • JESSIE
GEHARD and GARDNER
Presenting "The Soubrette and the Cop."
WILLIS FAMILY .
In One of the Orpheum's
Most Popular Musical Acts.
THE GREAT AMERICAN BIOGRAPH
MATINEE TO-DAY, BDHDAT. OCT. lith.
Parcupt. 25c. any scat: Balcony. 10c; Chil-
dren. 10c. any part except reserved. A few
front orchestra rows reserved, 50c; front rows
of balcony reserved, 25c.
j^Yh EAT R t^A r
MATINEE TO-DAY, SUNDAY.
TO-NIGHT— LAST TIME
"WE UNS OF TENNESSEE."
- — " TO-MORROW —
I NIGHT!
Sumptuous Spectacular Production.
T " E CORSICAN
BROTHERS!
Adapted by Howard Hall From Alexander
Dumas' Novel.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
FABBRI'S THEATER
(ODD FELLOWS' HALL.)
GRAND OPENING NIGHT,
MONDAY, October 15, 1900.
The week's programme will consist of
A DELIGHTFUL FARCE COMEDY. .
An Operetta by Offenbach,
Together with an Olio of Specialties. Dances.
Sones and Sketches of rare merit, by a* host
of eminent artists.
Every Friday Evening German Performance
By a Splendid Company of Players.
Popular Prices .23c and SOo
Box Seats at Sherman, Clay & Co.
UNI8N COURSING PARK,
TO-DAY, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 14.
AN OLD-TIME
COURSING EVENT I
112— NOMINATIONS— 112.
TRAIN SERVICE.
i Leaves Third and Townsend sts., 10:15 a. m..
It a. in.. "12 m. and 1 p. m. Returning: at 4:45
p.m. and after last course."'*. San Mateo elec-
tric cars every six minutes. •'
- ADMISSION 25 CENTS— LADIE8 FREE.
ALL SAN FRANCISCO IS
APPLAUDING ITS GRANDEUR!
SECOND GREAT WEEK
?o3JS!row MONDAY, OCTOBER 15
THE f||lf!
ONLY | I \ IB
REAL milv
™ E T I PRICES: I the
BEST MOST
PLAY- ll.og IMPOS-
TH£ 75c ING
BEST |§S PRODUC-
PLAYER3. TION
Alf ElllnEhouse Prop, and Manager.
Phone South 770.
f^fttf 1 " 6 /V\/\TIINEE
TODAY )to-n/ght\
Eroadhurst Bros.' Production or That
FUMY FARJE
THE MAN
; FROM
MEXICO
ONE WEEK ONLY
'¦With
GEO. C. BONIFACE JR.
And a Select Comedy Cast.
I" THE MEMBERS OF THIS COMPANY I
ARE ORIGINAL IN THE MAJORITY |
FIRST TIME AT POPULAR PRICE3!
EVENING 15c. 2oc, Xic. BOc and 75o
MATINEE 15c. 25c. il.'e and 50c
Next— "BROWN'S IN TOWN."
Of V/l/TF'f/I ZBBY ST..
XmJMm/ M Ivm Mi A* con.MAson
THE ONLY FREE VAUDEVILLE HOUSE IN
THE CITY.
Special engagement and direct from the East.
EDDIE MACK,
The Dancing: Wonder.
ANNIE GOLDIE,
America's Greatest Lady Coon Ehouter and
Hebrew Impersonator.
AND OUR CELEBRATED STOCK COMPANY
MATINEE EVERY SUNDAY.
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERY FRIDAY.
ADMISSION FREE.
FISCHER'S co SLr SE:
Alice Raymond. Miss Maybelle. Mae Tun
Ison, Eudora Forde. Oscar Llenan. Robert
Ellis. Antonio Vargw. Harold Basford . «d
New Movlnsr Pictures.
Reserved Seats, 25c; Matinee Sunday.
. SUTRO O*JTHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open Dally From 7 a. m. to 11 n m.
Bathing From 7 a. m. to It p. m.
- ADMISSION. 10a CHILDREN So. *
Bathing, Including admission, 25c; children. We
To-Hight "THE JEWESS"
MONDAY EVENING, Oct. 15,
VERDI BIRTHDAY CELEBRATION
Ac* 3 F"ro rri
"AIDA" "OTEILO"
"RIGOLETTO" "TROVATORE"
The EQtlre Company Will Appearl
Tuesday, Thursday, Sunday
Nights and Saturday Matinee, \
RtTSSO. SALASSA. REPETTO. >TICOLr>n.
SCHUSTER and Special En^ageneat
of the V.'orld-Famous Diva,
ESTEFANO COLLAMAR1NI os Carmen.
Wednesday, Friday, Saturday
Even Jigs,
Sur.e by X,t;CTENTT. LJCirTETl. STTTWART.
SCHUSTER and BAIIRON BERTHALD.
(His Farewell Appearances.)
POPULAR PRICES— 25c m*d5Oc
Te'erhone— Bush 9.
SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT!
A GRAND
SYMPHONY CONCERT
Will Be Given on
THURSDAY AFTERNOON.
October 25th. by MR. MAX HIRSHFELD
cod a S 'lected Orchestra of 60-
A Superb Programme Will Be Given.
Seats en sate next Thursday at Sherman.
Clay & Co. 'a Store
ANNOUNCEMEFJT PRELIMINARY.
MAURICE QRAU
OPERA CO.
6AN FRANCISCO
COMMENCING MONDAY, HOY. 12,
——AT—
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
MR. MAURICE GRAU has th« honor to uv
noncce a llmlt#d season of GRAND OPERA
In FRENCH. 1TAIJAX and GERMAN, by the
en«r« company, roimberlns over 200 per3OH3»
ard Including
CHORUS. ORCHESTTtA. BALLET.
BCEXERT. COSTUMES and ACCE3-
. BORIES
FR9M THE METROPOLITAN OPERA-
HOUSE. NEY/ YORK.
Tho list of principal artists la as foITewit
(alphabetically arranired) :
SOPRANOS — lleswiame* Suzanne Adazaa.
Bauenneister. Van Cauteren. Gadski. MaryllU
Melba. N'onlica, Sasar. Strcns. Frttzl Sche«.
CONTRALTOS— Mesdaxn>?« Carrie Bridewell.
I/ou!««» Homer. Rosa Olltzka, Schumann-Helnk.
TENORS — MM. Bars. Boncard. Cremonlnl.
Van Dyck. Dipp«l. Huebennet. Imbart da la
Tour, Masetro. Saleza.
BARTTOXES-MM. Bertram. Btsphaa. Cam-
ranarl. DufrlcJse. GllMbert. iluhlrnann. Plnl-
Corsl. Scottl. Sizes.
BASSOS — MM. Robert Blass. Jonraet, Plan-
con. Edouani de Rfszke. Vlvlani.
CONDUCTORS— Mr. Walter Damrosclj; MIL
Ph. Flon. L. Manclnelll.
The repertoire will be selected from tile
standard and modern works of th» »ieat com-
posers and will Include the Ntbelungen Ring of
"Wagner.
The sale of subscription reats will eoctmenca
THTTRSTJAT. OCT. 23. at Sherman. Clay S»
Co.'s. Prices for twenty performances. $35 to>
$100, according to location. Applications for
subscription boxes (ECO to J10CO, according to
location) should bo Immediately mads ta Al-
fred Bou-vier. care Grand Opera-house.
GRAND QP^PA MOUSE
MATD.*EE TO-DAY.
LAST MGHT
IN PARADISE!
TO-MORROW EVENCfO.
"THE ENSIGN."
EVENING PRICES— 10c. lCc. 25c. 5O«l
A Few Front Rows In Orrhestra 73a
MATINEE PRICES— tOo. 15c. 23c. 50c
No Higher
Branch Ticket Office — Emporium.
CHUTES^ ZOO
EVERT AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
BIG VAUDEVILLE SHOW I
SCENES OF THE 6ALYEST0N
DISASTER.
THE CONGO FAMILY.
Telephone for Seats. Park 23.
HOTflER WISMER'S CONCERT,
VIOLINIST.
SHERMAN-CLAY HALL,
223 S UTTER ST.
NEXT TUESDAY EVE. THH 15TH.
Assisted by MRS. BERMINGHAM. A. VTEIS3
and FRED MAURER.
Seats We and 73c. Reserved to-morrow aaa
Tuesday at Sherman & Clay's.
GRAND F'MILY FXCURSION
SUNDAY. OCTOBER 21.
Management of O. H. Kllbourne. to> Mar«
Island. Benlcia. Martinez. Vallejo. to all points
cf Interest on tha bay, on th» elegant steamer
"Sausallto." Tickets. 80c. for sale at Dtxon's.
7S7 Market, and Ticket Office Sausalito Ferry.
Boat leaves Sausallto Ferry at 10:li
WEES CALL
Enlarged to 16 Pages
$1 pep Yeap.
REW WESTERS HOTEL,
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled and renovatej. KINO. WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms. £0c to H SO day
j; to JS week; J 1 ? to $:o montft. Free baths; hoc
and cold water every room; flr» grate* ta *vtr?
room; elevator runs all night.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, - ¦ STOTOAY, : OCTOBER 14, 1900.
36
___! FRAJTCISCO CALL.
B_£_N__ S OFFICE of Th« San Ftancisoo
C-i. oomer of _Uxk.et and Third etreett, open
_nt:l 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BH__CCU OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
corner Ci_r; .:« until »:30 p. n_
SOto Hav.fc rtre«t: oi"n until S:30 p. rn.
C_> McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. _ —
«.5 X_u_in iire«t; cpen until &:30 p. ra.
:¦<! Mission itreet; open until 10 p. m.
22ei Market etreet. ccrncr Sixteenth; cpen
bntil 5 j . rr..
106 _3*rent- street; cpen until 9 p. ra.
1OSC Valencia street: cpen until 8 p. ra.
Norlhweet corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky ttreeta; cr*>n crtll 9 p. n.
curpuru msrvices.
CALVART Presbytrrian Church, comer Geary
and Powell sts.— Rev. John Hei-Phill. D.D..
;_rtcr, will prtach at 11 a. rn. and 7:43 p. m.
Topic evenittf. 'The Secret cf a Life of Sov-
ereign I'ower.*" Christian Endeavor Society
meets at 6:80 p. in. Tbe Women's Synodical
S<Klety cf Home Mission* -"'111 hold its twen-
tieth annual rnettlr* on Wednesday, the 17th
lest., at 10 a. ra. and 1:20 p. m. A varied
and Interesting procrajniae. Come.
FIRST rresbrterlan Church. Van Nfrs ave.
and Sacr_tner.to tn>— «er. li. Mactenrie, D u .
m'.iUfter; Re%-. WUUam Kirk Guthrie, aj-so-
ciate mlElEtrr. Strvict* at 11 a. ra. by lir.
Mackenzit ar.d at 7:20 p. ra. br Mr. Guthrie.
£\indm.y ec_ ooi _t 12:30 p. m. Y. P. S. C. _..
6:15 p. m. Ail are welcome^
FIRST Cor.eregatlocal Church, comer Port and
Mason »u.— liev. George C. Adams, I>.D..
raftor. -»rt:i x-re_ ch et 11 _. m. Topic. "Man.
Tfci" _1_» A-re Korsives T2-.e<>." Al 7:S0 l>-
t_. Francis Murphy, the celebrated tamper- i
tr.c* evangelist, will deliver an address, j
Topic. "Mercy." All are corflUllX iarlted. '?
CENTRAL Methodist Eplscoral Church. Mis- ;
tlon et.. bft»«n Sixth and Seventh— Dr. B. '
V. Hutser^lller will preach at 11 a. ra. on
the trsic, "Great Victoria Over Many E;ie- i
ir.les." and at t:<5 t>. m. on the to^ie. "A ;
Ciear. Gtr.uine Conversion." Sunday echoo! ]
_t 12:«5. Mr. Rolla V. Watt, superintpnUent. :
Chrlstiaa End»avor Society. 6:15. GvuJ rr:u- I
fl_ Free seats and wtlcome for all.
ET. PAULAS Church, California 6t.. near Fill- j
more — Rev. 'W'. iI_rweU Iidily. rector; Rev. ;
A. C. IVILEOX. _f!-:l*ta_t. Hoiy communion. ,
7:30 _ ¦_,; -urnlay school. 9.*Z a, m. ; morn- :
Ir^ service ar.d sermon, 11 o'clock; evening :
tenio* end s~,2re£S, 7:40 o'clock. The rector
will preach at both services. Daily service. ,
10 a- in. 6l. Luke's day, Thursday. October
U ' Holy communion, iu a- za.
TRINITY Ep'-scopal Church, Bush ar.d Goo__ ]
ets.— Ks'.y ccm_.u_.cn. fce.ro. tiur.day schrx'',
4:S1 _ ta. Mam:-e Bervlce. 11 o'clock: tei- j
mon br P_r*it Rev. "W". 6. Nichols. Afternoon. .
4 o'clock, eernion by Rev. Frederick \V. Clam- ;
pett. _>¦ IX !
ET. LUKE'S EplKCopal Church, cor. cf Van |
Nets av«. ar.d Clay «t. Holy communion. 8 .
_ m. Mornlnj prtyer. 11 o'clock. Evening ,
»er\-lc*. T:45 o'clock. Rev. T. J. ilackay. rec- j
tor cf All Sa'.r.te Church, Omaiia, win
pr»>tch bcth rr.cra'.r.c and evening.
FIRST Church of Christ. Scientist. Central
Elock. _3 Pu'ter et.. t»er~ecn Kearny «t. ar.i
G— uit av«>.— Christiaji Fclence Uibie lesron at i
U a. m. Fub;fct, "l'robation ot Death." fun- :
<l_y school for children at the sa— ie hour. ,
t?«£_es_ur c-v<-t:!^s ra^eiirg at S o'clock. :
Frc-e. readlrp room. 20C Keamy et., room jIO. I
Ail are welcome.
THE First r.»ivir.9 Science Church— M. E. Cra- I
mer, pastor. Meets at "Ho-.e College." 3350 ¦
Sevcr.trer.th Ft., tx tv.<-en Valer.cla and Mis- •
¦Ion, every Fur.-iay at 11 a. r-_ Subject of:
this HK>m!n#r"s discourse. "Divine Science." '
Eun<Say »c_ool at 10 a. k.
D»TOBTAKT-6pecl«J m^tJEgs tn Pioneer
Ha.;;. Fourth Ft., near I.!nri:et. Thursday, i'ri-
d_y er.-i Saturday, O-tober IS l_ 2>. at 10 a. ¦
in-. 2::.C ar.-: 7:<5 r- ~»- : P— —lay. October M. :
2_0 er.d ",A'> r- m. A variety or P~nitur?
t^ti^t^ cfsc'j«s^'J. Adlressee. Citie rear'.lnrs, ;
<.'vr-*I J r<--i< ",;:.g. etc Undenonslnatici _U.'j
Ecats free. Come. Bring your Bible.
THnoir)PHICAtTl=3ciety— Public lector* to- i
lilrht at S o'clock In O'fl Fellows' tulldir.?. ;
by Mrs. M. C. Bell, f ub;«"t, -The Desdny
of the Er.s'.Ssh Sp^akinp IU.ce AstrologloaU;-
Coritid*>re-J." fk.:<-.« by F:_ nk Carroil GiUen. ,
<»i!i»n Chaii-. 8t II a. rr.. ¦ ;
MEETKOS — SUNDAY.
ta J. D_PK"V KEP.GAN w&l lecture this <
ever_ ng en **jCear_— tettia iNcnous Prostra-
tion). Its Cause ar.* Effects," at Cryst_'. '
P-ali, Pyt-taa Castle, Ki Mark**, et., followed
by a tn_g_!_oe__7 l"u«trated tour of the
Vnitel ?'-_'.es. Free tickets will be distrlbut- ¦
ed lor \X-.f-. X-ray exhibition at the Saul- •
tarium next T_es<!_y e\-eiiir.K. Seats free. .
No ooliecticm.
PB. DHU_ MacCLAlF.n. the eminent rhyF*.o-
pEychlc <-x;x-n, will lecture on physical. m»n-
taJ and rs->cr:ic fliseaies ana ¦»f-_knesscs. ar.J
the curaiive a*>r.cies us?d by the matter
adepu and ancif-ra ir.aci ar.d modern sclen- :
t_U, viih Ulaftratlons and pEychlc demon- :
¦txatiaaa, to-nigl.t _t Pv-thian k "a stle. W9
AT OR." BINES' Hpintual Society, &„ Market—
1L ttmti --$. l r >c: Mis* May. Myers. L*st?r,
Mr. Matchrtt. ttht-rF; ail tests; Doctor reads
last. At 'XI Arlington; Tues., Frl.. Mission.
SiRP. LIZZIE DCCKER _TKKSS speaks in
Golden Gate Hail, €„¦ Sutter St.. to-night.
Sutject. "Attifj.ie of Inspiration. Kcllgiyn
ar.d i. nee Toward Truth."
MME. rOCNCfl rrar..i test meet, to-lay. 1
p. m.; lecture by Mrs. Ffai at Neptune Witr-
wam, WdM ter-st. fta.. Ala., lCc; come skep.
MP.S. WHIR h/.ds sp:ritu£l test rawtinKS at
Di^cker'g Hall. Warhinstton St.. Ijet. 8th _ Kb,
Oakland, every Veil. tve. at 6; a<i:nisEion 10c.
MME. YOUNG'S test rn«t. tj-right at Occi-
dental Hall. I0S I^irkln, 10c; lecture ly Mrs.
S*-a.i: fittings daily. €¦';; McAllister tt. '
MISS L. LLEWELLYN' wiil hold a test circle
Thursday, October :s, al 3>J Lisbon St., n?ar
Chir_ ave., I'k.
E"EKHAR1)T"S test rr^-t'ng- to-nlpht, 10c. S23"j
Twenty-second £t. t coner Canlctt; rcauiags
___2£: i
MATCI-IETT— Circle 8 p. m., 10c; tfst to all;
ti:tinps daily; L., f/.c; G.. IL 1S2 Fourth el.
ATTEND Mme. Marrjuife's f-rr.rtnclnjr test cir-
cle to- night at J; li>c. 5 Hyde st.; read, daily.
1IP-S. MARY EVANP. circle to-day, 2 ar.d E:
every ni^fct exf<r<t Thursday; 10c. 1C8 Cth st.
MRS. VIGARS" test meetrn« to-n'.Rht: sittings
•lailr. 141 Sixth «.. 10c; room 82, 2d floor.
MEETIXGS— Inlvrrxal Urotherbood.
THEOPOPHICAL Society. SIS Market Ft.— Lec-
ture to-niffht. "Woodland Theosophy," by A.
I>. Robinson: Interr.ationaJ Brotherhood
Le_frue r.ert Tlwiigj night; subject, "The
Promise cf Hoj>e."
MCCTIAG NOTICES.
THE mfirtxri of tbe Past Maeters' As- m
eocletion. F. and A. M. of California, J\^
_re requested to meet at the Masonic jC2\
Terr.plf. Post and Mfir.tc^raery ¦_.. at fyf*
l.-tO o'clock p. m.. un MONDAY. October 1".
l>')0, to att«nl '.h- funeral of our late brother.
DAVID CHARLES FMITH. P. M. of Orl-
er.tal Lr^se No. 1U. F. ar.d A. M. By order
cf the President,
I'ETEU T. BARC_AY. Secretary.
ORIENTAL Lortjre No. 144, F. and A. mT~
JL — Olf»c*rs and members are hereby .Nl~
reQue«ted to attend the funeral cf Past
Master DAVID C. BMITH. from the /V
• Masonic Temple. M«>NI>AT. October 15. at
1 :2o o'clock p. m. Master Masons, friends
_nd relatives ere corflialiy Invited.
A. S. HL'CDARD. HecretaQ-.
UNITY Lodee No. :21. I. O. O. F.—
JJrcithera ere requested To s'f-nii/^jp"^.
ihe fur.eral of our late brother.
V>\ P. MARTIN. P. O.. SDSDXX. '"'¦'¦"
October 14. at lodseroom. Sixteenth and Va-
lenria. at S:20 r>. tn. Funeral servic* also at
refldenc^?. €21 Ouerrero et.. near Nineteenth,
at 2:_ ?. m. It. L. SIMPSON, N. G.
THE Veteran P.-bekah* will meet J t_:v-.
lit Odd Fellows' Hall. Seventh and §5^S?&.
Market ft. Z'l'.l^ DAT <ST\-:-
DAY). October 14. at 1O-J5 a. m.. f»»»*r"
to attend »h' lurcral of cur late i>!rt«?r. AME-
LIA COHEN. M. A. HAWLEY, Sco.
CALIFORNIA R^hckah Lodge No. «**&;.^
1. 1. O. '¦. F.— Members are re- =yj: v -><jj-.
Ci-if^f^ to at.tend the funeral of : b^?" < 5?^:'
our law elster, MP.S. AMELIA - < <W«W^
COHEN. THIS SUNDAY, at la o'clock a. m
Jrom I. O. O. F. Hall.
MINNIE HOMETEH, X. T
ANTCIE VT. LCTTS, Secretary.
PARKEK I»d«e No. 114. I. O. O. --__«.,
F.^ln'.tlation TUESDAY KVEN-i^SjSfcgi
V. F. NORTTIRtrP. N. O. ~^2h£* Ss ~
WOODMEN of jVe World,
Golden Gate Can-.p No. C4 t*i J J D
— Memfjens are hereby >ffi,^^_ ,,,M
r.jtt:i«- : to stu-nd i!,.:
UiT^ W. P. MARTIN, V
FUKDAT. at 1:4: o'clock p. m.. from Six-
teenth and Valencia tl. Hall. Kr order
IS. R. ENGELMAN. Consul Coainia_dinB.
13. OLIVER JR.. Clerk.
MASTER MARINEn? Benevolent Ae- - a
sociatlon— Spef'al mf*ticg win be i V^*
held at hall. 220 Fcst st.. SUNDAY. 'C_^>-
October li. at 1:20 o'clock.* All mem-
bers — re r*?<ju**i«te<l to b? present for th* pur-
!«** cf attending the funeral of cur dec?used
brother and I'jut President. O. W. IVERSEN.
_w TUAUNG. Ree.
THE State Red Cross Society will hold its
annual meeting TUESI>AY. October IS, at
]J o'clock a. m., In the Philomath Club room*,
comer of Eush «_ an<l Van Ness ave.
.ANNUAL MEETING — Regular annual meet-
ing of ftockbolders of the KILAUEA SUGAR
PLANTATION CO. will be held at the of-
flc* of the company. No. E7 Market fit., San
FranrUco. California, on WEDNESDAY,
the 24 1 h day cf October. 1300, at 11 o'clock
a. m.. for the purpose of electing a board
of directors to s*rv« fcr tbe ensuing year,
_nd the transaction of euch other business aa
racy come before the meeting. Transfer book«
close on Saturday. October 11 «t 12 o'clock m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretarj'.
AGENTS WANTED.
THE book war — Galveston cyclone and flood:
prices cut: 60 per cent profit; nearly t>00 pa^es;
other books have 4C0: $2 premium free with
each 1160 book; credit given: freight paid;
general agents wanted on salary; book outfit
alone fiee; bcth book and premium R«ut pre-
-. l*Jl tor 20c; order quick. Monroe Book Co.,
Ctiicaro.
WANTED— A r_rtner with $0C0O cash; an ex-
clurive business; no competition; good money
from the start: will bear investigation : call In
peraon. HERR1CK. 1417 Brush St., Oakland.
WANTED— Reliable asents in Washington,
Orepon and Arizona, to pell dividend-paying
Investment securities: t2no per month ca«lly
n:ade. C. F. MOORT;.,S— ¦ Market St.. S. F.
j AGENTS raak« |100 per month selling our
i novelty machines; on application will send
i cut and prices. T11OS. FOOTE CO.. Los An-
! geles, Cal.
; AGENTS — Do you want something m.>rc prnfit-
; aMe _r.d easier to wll than bocks or insur- i
i ar.oe? Add. F. PERSON, r. 412. Parrott 11,1s. (
' TO handle Robinson's Thermal Uath Cabinet, j
Pacific Agents Supply Co.. -1_» Treat ave.
I AGENTS— Lady or ptntiemen; big commissions, j
PROF. HAUSSLEIVS Ihoto Studio, 141S Mkt. |
; AGENT- to handle campaign .novelties. New i
KnKland Novelty and Metal Works. 116 Id ft. '•
¦ .-•jllNTS cf ability and experience in lite in?ur- ;
?.r.cf. <"a!! at ro'om Kl. P97 Market, cor Sixth. ¦
ASI'IIAI/TTM HOOI'INCi. j
J. PELTIER. a.«pha'.t rocflns. *i<1ew.-ilk-«: cellar
r.rv-.rr laid. tptirI red: jw'al 11«6 Minion tt.
i I
I&STROLOGY.
: DR. C. TOVSET TAVLOH. scientific !
per; rail for free crpy "The New Mocn." ;
7~. Market ft.
MM;:. HICKET— Astrolositt; horoscopes. SOc: !
c— rd reading end p^lmlsrry. 25e. tSS Miss!."i. i
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
R. W. KING, attorney ft law. 027 Market St..
room C2T — Estate-s. damages. attachment?. |
i>f.ril.-ruj icy. collection—; ail -cases: fair fe«-«; i
no advance charfrrs: raont'y loanoi on estates. \
ADVICE free; divorce Jaw a specialty; private, j
no fee vithcut necm! cllectlor.s. O. W. ¦
HOWE, attv at law. v;wi Market, cor. Stockton, i
I. rrAV. JARRKTrT llean-t bids.. Third and '
Market sts; phene l>ii .T6;.
FREE advice; divorce laws, damages, estate*, ;
ccllrctir.r.f. J. A. Mitchell. 314 Montgomery. ¦
ADVICZ free; no <-har«:e unleaa successrul. W. i
W. Davidson. M" Market st.. opp. Miron.
L. F. CLARK. Emma Pprecke!3 b'.dg.. 5:7 Mar- !
V". »:.: wRstiltjIinn 'ree: r" !><¦« in advance, j
BATH CAKIXETS. '•
ROBINSON IS, 4-pan»l totditts: door opens: firm ¦
xrd yaf». T\'. R HROWN. cm. agt.. AV> Kills, j
COABDISG roil CHILDREN.
LADY with ov:n home would like 1 or 2 small ¦
children -to board; good care. 321S Bixteenth. :
XFVDOVT -n-oul.l like two children to board; fur- j
plaited room for parent. 24S Shipley st.
A PRIVATE family would like tn take a ch!U :
to betid. Address 6^t5 Jones st.
GERMAN UuS jl wishe« Infant babies to board; j
gttod rt ffre-ce*. 4_i Minna st.
MIDDLE- AGED wrman would like to beard |
Infant— iZ\ Jes«:e et.. in rear. •
BLSIXESS CHANCES.
A SHOE store; business location; good char.ee; !
snap. COWING _ CO., 71» Market st. ;
A HOME kitchen delicacy and restaurant; re- .
ccipta $;o day. Cowinj; & Co., 71» Market Et.
A CORNER grocery and bar; big stock; all ,
frtsh goods: sickness. Cowing _ Co.. 718 Mrkt. I
A-PI.l'MBIXO buslner*; receipts Soi'i r-er mo.;
bis largain; sickness. Cowing _ Co., 710 llki.
A-linsTAUUANT in U*i part of city; mu?,t |
be soil this day. COWING. 71S Market st.
A — HOTEL; best location; money maker; caii I
at ence. COWING _ CO.. 71S Market st.
A— CO'IiNER talocn; uood location: this is a !
barpain. COWING _ CO.. 713 Market st.
A— ROOMING houst; north Market; fine loca- j
z-.'n; flears 175 month. COWING, 713 Market. \ ¦
QTIT work and worn'— mak» your money work '
fcr jou; 10 r-»r cent p»r month easily and ;
hones.tly f-anif-d en your savings; $250 will
e_m you $23 per month. 1^0 will earn you $30
per month; this is no scheme to cet you to i
place your funds with us; you handle your
<,wn rr.cnoy: no risk: we send you full lnstruc-
tiona end all neee— mrf legal papers for con-
ducting the r>UFin«>ss from your home address
la your own community; our charges are only ¦
no ff.r starting you. Address The National :
Employe*' Loan Association, YJA-i Manhat- '
¦ tan butlfiirg. Chicago. EL
i JKXXj WILL buy half-interest In an old-estab- ]
I li«h<Hi office business In Seattle; must have ¦
! e.-rr.» exjcrlen^e in office wurk; will be re- ;
I quired to take entire charge of the business: !
I will Kuarantf-e an average of J2C»i per month. .
' and if oither party is dissatisfied at the end '
| of sIk mrnthB v.ill j>ay the purchaser hn !
: money back end allow him $100 p«r month
! for his time; n« triflers. Box 2728. Call. ¦
' $:0i«>— HALF-1NTERK.-*T in a good money- ;
j tr.aking business; half cash and half to be !
j raid out of the prof.ts; will put S2'S in with '
| th" purchaser so as to have a working cap- I
j Hal of jrco. which is B—CC—H-T; JIjOO worth .
! cf stock <n hand: purchaser must take eDtirt
<-han?f; good ftr lady or geut; no trlflers.
j SIC Market St., room 40.
i 'HONEST SPECULATION"— Send for my
"method" of "Security Investments" if sat-
isfied with rrasonattle profits; Investments by j
this method in stocks and grain have earned '
in 30 days more than a mechanic earns in CO; j
f^r.d for free particulars; cti«tnmcrB ami bank i
r?ferone<?*. RICHARD JONES. Investment
IJrokcr. 40 Exchange place, New York. .
\ A— SAY. I ISHER & CO.. have you lodging- !
houst-sT Yes. What price? i$M up, ajiy loca- !
tlon desired; 12 rooms. t2iX); 10 rooms, $450: 10 '
rooms, new. $>X>. fine; 20 rooms, bargain, $750; ¦.
27 rooms, t2000, snap; all nlf.es, ail prices, all I
new bargains; call and see us. 1032 Market st. j
' DAILY paper for sale, in California city of j
about 14.009; good and Increasing- patronage; i
or.ly paptr; Job department: 25 other news- i
tat^rs for sale. W. F. CORNELL _ CO., I
| CIS Karramento St., Pan Francisco. j
! FOR SALE— A first-class saloon, well stocked, j
' E<x>d location, low rent, no night or Sunday :
, work; business valued at J50'X); will bo sold I
I for tSOOO on account illness of proprietor. In-
quire at 527 Montgomery Rt.
i SAN FRANCISCO College of Midwifery— Term
! will op<>n at an early date; those wishing to j
I take the course will apply at once to DH. S. j
I AMERICAN. 1244 Mission St. . j
i JU0O— A PAYING saloon in the heart 'of Oak- |
i land; stock and fixtures ail go; owner Is go- !
Irn; away; a good chance for a live man. j
Call at IOCS Broadway. Oakland, for full par-
ticulars*.
j RESTAURANT and bakery In a prosperous i
| town near city; re^»Ipts large; good prices; I
a literal offer v>-lll be mnde to those meaning j
business ; must be sold. Lane _ Co., S65 Mkt. j
FOR sale— A fourth intertet in trade mark and
tuslr.fss 24 years f*d, $5000 cash: the market
all over the world. Address B., box 2723,
Call office.
IN Oakland — Cigar, notion and periodical stand;
wfII established; be«t location; suitable for
man and wife. Box 2C37, Call offlce, Oakland.
F.IyOCIC of American Oil Company stock for
Bale or exchange; cheap; make an offer.
FOWLER & CO.xW3 Call building.
WELL-ESTABLISHED employment bureau for
sale cheap; satisfactory reason for selling.
Address box 2030, Call cfflce, Oakland.
J1JO0 WILL buy half interest in a good-paying
restaurant; tr!al given and must have good j
reference. Box 4747. Call cfflce. I
FOR sale — Good-pp.yins restaurant with liv-
ing room: suitable for couple; no agents; trial
plven. 115 Sacramento st.
$1'}— STORE fixtures, 3 living rooms; suitable
I any business. Vj<d Natoma et.. near Eleventh.
FOR sale— Grocery and bar doing a good busi-
I ness. Cal! or address 31 Cedar ave. ; no agents.
' TO LET— A fine room for a barber shop; good j
location. Inquire &27 Clay St., Bank saloon.
GOOD Uui—flry route for sale. Inquire 633 How- !
ard 6t.. 7:20 z>- m., during the week. :
GOOD chance for email capital to work agents;
large profits. Box 4751. Call office.
FOR sjic, below cost, the Burgess Planing
_LU1; easy term*. U^ Brannan st.
FOIt SALE— Grocery and bakery; corner store;
rent >15. SSI Natorr—. st.
VALfABLE patent for sale or exchange. 8.
H-. box 2771. Call offlce.
FOR sale— O-'y and Ice cream store; leaving
city.' 1506 Howard st.
! AV ANTED— To buy, a small fruit stand. Box
2713. Coll offlco.
FOR PALE— Fine cigar stand. Inquire 200 El-
lis st.
j LARGE manufacturing business In California
wishes to correspond with a first class man
v.ho c_n Invest $10,000, to tak« charg« of
T.rancial affairs and office routine; out $3^0 -
«0 per year. For full particulars address box
4754, Call offlco.
$1506 fcr a well paying grocery and saloon: all
each trade; no _x;k business; doing buslnens
about $1000 a month; cheap rent and S years'
lease. Inquire Call efnee
WANTED-To trade lot In Portland, Oregon,
Mt. Taber Addition, for email saloon Jn city.
Address or call, tiOX Sutter St., room 3.
BUSINESS CHAJVCES CONTINUED.
A NO. 1 transfer corner saloon for sale on ac-
count of Immediate departure for Europe; es-
tablished 12 years. Box 2705, Call offlce.
A FINE large store to let on O'Farrell st.. near
Powell; suitable for any business; cheap rent.
Apply at IS Grant ave.
CHICAGO Brokerage Co., S05 Bo. E3d ave., Chl-
cago— Sells your business or farm {or cash
wherever located; get partner or sell your
patent.
FOR SALE— Milk route, $K0; a bargain. IrT
quire _2 Fifth et.
GOOD business chance; day saloon: rent cheap.
G. W. GRAMS. 200 Clay; wholesale district.
MUST be sold; grocery, notion and branch
takery store: owner seriously sick and com-
pelled to leave city. Box 18. 106 Eleventh st,
WANTED — Buy, rent or will open country bar-
ber sh«-p. M. J. EILVEIRA. 1000 Seventh St..
Oakland.
WANTED— Small paper route; Cal! or Chronl- <
c!p. AJdrefs. stating prlc«. box 47S2, Call.
WOULD like to purchase saloon in small town;
mining can-.p preferred. Box 47.*.2. Call oftlce.
COUNTRY barber shop for sale or rent: only
"ne in town. Apply K63 F.:ih st., Oakland.
BRANCH bakery for sale: candy, notions, etc. j
_W04 Mission et.. near Thirtieth. j
BAltBERS-i-chalr Fhop for "sale cheap. AcT j
Mrwa Rt F^CHRISTiAX, Martinez, Cal.
FOB IiKNT— Fine coal yar<l cheap; central lo-
ratlon. Apply 2101 Central ave., Alameda.
|O»-R_STAURANT «1oin?» sood p_yl__ bus!- j
ne.«°; g»ta\ 14 yrr. Aflply ita Montgomery ave. j
A BNAP — Coffee an'l chop house; rheumatism j
compels sale al once. 233 KiRhth st. '
FOR SALE— Klondike Oyster House; racr.ey- j
_t^al;fr£_cai;se s;..kn«s. *l:5 Third £„
CLAS5IFIF.7") a<Iv<>rt;sen-.<>r.ts and rubscriptlons i
received at Call branch office. 2-'tX> Fill—tore St. !
. . . i
LODGIXG-HOUSES 1'OR SALE.
C; ROOMS, c-ornor, J40O3; SO rooms $4001 '
M r»>niF, corner, new furniture 60O) I
SS rooms; apartment house ZZM j
44-roon) hotoi in the Mis-ion $-G'>0 j
22 rooms. Ellis St., r.r-ar Hyde; b.-.rsain.
10 rooms; E'.lls ?t.; bargain 650 j
4 rooms. O'KarrclI st. 3i) !
1J room?, deary st 300;
Wi'.I loan you money at i>i to bay a house.
DAVIS _ RIVES, room 6'.'. 9U Maikot st.
LODGING-HOUSE ln;_er.<=. attention— House? j
at rvdJeed prices; genuine bargains: sizes ana ;
location to suit; monev loanej. S'..'H\V_1N |
HARD _ CO.. 917 Market st., bet. Fifth and
Sixth, phone 1911. j
THfiE_ larc r>K>:nir.£r-hi>us t -f ; downtown loca- •
tlon; paying proixjsiticns; must s?li before
mem _ad a h_rgaln by calling early for these !
houses. SCHWEINHAUD & CO.. 317 Market, j
COMPLETELY furnished (new), 40 rooms; {
fully occupied: all steady; no transients now; i
Tine transient location; the very heart of Oak- :
land; stores below: medern building; tenants
pay gas; clears iWi per month; full invest!- j
patlon Invited; "owner !s gninsr East; ca'l be- ,
fere r.oon. G_O. W. AUSTIN & CO..
General Agents,
IOCS Broadway. Oakland.
S ROOMS; very conve'r^; must sell to-day. .$::>0 !
9 rooms; Taylor St.; a bargain 2'0 j
12 rooms; Turk st. ; pood furniture :.<3 ;
1:; rooms; Third St.; really enly fj«O i
?4 rooms; <;<ury St.; fine income l^oO j
tO rocms. 6) rooms an.l 1C3 rooms; all centrnl, j
pome mere l>ar«M ! .:is for snle to-day. First
buyers _»t them. HAYES & WILSON, 5>CS J
Market st. (.The Elite). !
11 ROOMS: rent $27; income J7". $459 i
15 rooms: 1 floor; cak furniture; full WO :
K roomi; central; clears $»5 month COO j
" IX) rooms; apartments; i>ayiiiK; no work.. loOO j
SO rooms: clean; new: clears $150 month.. &XK) j
?0 rooms; rt-nt J_J: Income J2SB month... 1700
2<"9 more. Please call. MONEY TO LOAN.
M. GRIFFIN, 710 Market ?t., room L
R. H. WINSTON & CO.. 1C2G MARKET ST.
IS rooms: rent tr/;; north of Market .. $4S0 ;
IB rooms; corner; rent S'jO C53 '
3* rooms; rem $33 only 0W .
23 rooms; paying house SO):
iZ rooms; corner; offices 3300 ,
13 ROOMS; look at the price: only S3-5O j
17 rooms; worth ISC-O; will sell for 550
SS roomy, £0 rrows rented steady; the Rr^at-
est money maker in the city; for bargains
don't forcet the place. EMERY, 3 Eddy at., j
ruonif 1 and 2. Phone Mint 1016. j
A— 22-ROOM rorminp house; centra] $1000 }
Kr-room hous«; first-class .10,'') I
ll-room houss, $47r>: C-nwm flat C2i :
rif-HER & CO., ior.2 Market st. ;
NICELY furnished 15-room house; cheap rent; !
ea*y termt, or cheap for cash. 742 O'Farrell.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
MODERN Victoria in excellent condition: also |
pair of flnfe black horses, silver-mounted har-
ness and coachman's uniform at a bargain. \
Monday, ¦room CS, Donohoe bldp., 1170 Market, j
A— BARGAIN; 2 heavy horses, sand wagon and i
double team cart. 032 Potrero ave. j
ALL kinds of wagons, buggu-s, carts. harnes3, |
et.'.. cheap. EGAN & SON, 2117 Mission st.
SPONGES and chamois our specialty] AMER-
ICAN SPONGE CO., liO New Montgomery st. |
TWO horses, 2£r,o lbs., harness, wagon, cow. Art-
drers E. P. KRICKSON, 1WJ Zli st., E. OakMI,
AN A No. I express wapon, single, also llRht
campinp wagon, for sale ch»-ap. 532 Mission.
NEW _ 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts _ lmr- i
p,.**. work _ .Irivirc hor«e«. lr.th <t Valencia. I
SPIRITUALISM.
A— IP you are going to consult a medium or j
palmist why not com-ult the bfst?
ELIZABETH !-"Al'NDF.RS, EM Taylor St., )
only medium in the United States who ha_
three separate and distinct bands.
A HINDOO BAND
for developing mediums, teaching occult eci- I
ence and civ ing good luck In business and j
all affairs of llfo and for heallne,
A QUAKER HANI)
for reveallnr the ti>iritual side of life and i
the Interpretation of the Bible.
A BUSINESS BAND ,
competed of all kinda of business spirits, each I
person to his or her occupation. Each person !
upending $1 will be presented with a good-
luck penny; sittings Jl end upward; ladies'
circle Thursday 2 p. m. ; public circles Fri- ¦
day, 8 t>. m. Circles, 20c; everybody gets a ,
ten. t.14 Taylor st.
ARKIVED — Mrs. Dr. Karnham, world-renowned ;
spiritual medium; advice In all affairs of life,
lawsuits, divorces, deaths; unites the sepa-
rated; miniriB a specialty; clr3.Sun..Wed..Kri.
ev's: come and be convinced. (Permanently)
SIS Eddy st.. b»t. Hyde and Larkln: no slsn.
''CONSULT WATSON," 1581 Market, nr. 12th;
"professional" palmist and medium; 25c, 00c. j
MRS. LESTER— Circle* Sun.. Tues.. Frl. eve.,
10c; readings dally. ICO Turk St., room 4.
SANTA^TEP.ESA. the Mexican healer, at 1610
California et.
PROF. GEE, medium— Startling tests; circles
every niffht, 10c; reading's, 60c, Jl. 148 Cth.
MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium,
healer and card reader. 132 Sixth st.', room 1.
MISS SOPHIA SEIP— Sun. at S and dally read-
ings. Cth _ Mkt. Bts., Oakland. People's Hall.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAllister-Mrs. C. J.
Meyf-r. slt.daily; convlnc'K tests to-night; 10c.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, burt-
n»ss medium, life r-ader: sittings SI. 1104 Mkt.
CLAIR VOVAXTS.
ISMAR THE GYPSY.
ISMAR, th« Egyptian Gypsy, draws a_!de the
uncurtained years ahead; happiness and success
go hand in hand, yet hundreds fail where suc-
cess is possible were it not for a lack of fore-
sight into the future. If you are in trouble o*
any kind, discontented, unhappy or hot satis-
fied in life, consult ISMAR, for she Is a proph-
etess of world- wide fame, and her name ha»
become a proverb in thousands of. homes made
happy by her aid and advice. ISMAR can be
consulted daily from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. at her
office. 114S Market ft., opposite Sixth. Full lire
reading- by mall, $5.
MRS. E. M. DUVAL.
42S Golden Gate Avenctt.
Late of Los Angeles.
irrs. Duval 1b a natural born clairvoyant.
bvs:ne*s medium and healer. She tells your
past, present and future life, diagnoses dU-
e_fes, cures deafness, etc. If there are ob-
Htacles In the path of your life she can tell you
how to overcome them and how to avoid. them.
Mrs. Duval has practiced successfully In
Lcs Angelcts for the post nine years for a!i
the principal business people, as well -as those
in the highest society, and still has patrons
there, to whom she will continue to _lvo her
valuable advice.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil & second sight,
¦iintno«'3 dlseace with life reading: ladies
50c, Rent SI; palm & clair. sit. $1 30. 125 Turk.
ISM AH, the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 114S M^keUopp.
Cth: private readings daily, 10 a-.m.^E> 5 p. m.
MME. BERNARD, read* life fluently; advlco
given In all affairs in life; satisfaction guar-
anteed ; 23c up. 17 Third et., next, Examiner.
MRS. E. SANDERS, 514 Taylor St.. near Geary
— Clairvoyant, palmist and business medium;
ladles' circle Thurs., 2 p. m. ; Frl; 8; dr. 23c.
JUST returned, MRS. E. L. DAVIS, clalrvoy-
ant, card reader; mental questions answered;
ladles. 2Sc; gents. COc. 34 Sixth St.. room 6.
MME. A- CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
fortune teller, gives best advlco In difficult
matters. 19 Fulton iC. near Larkln.
MME. ZEREDA. the gypsy, Js the great palm-
ist a_4 card reader; 25c. -7 Seventh; no sign.
CLAIR VOVAXTS.
ENDOLIA rives readings from t to 4, e to 8 p,
m. ; 60c and 25c. 429 Eddy st. '
MME. BAKER, card reader and palmist, room
15, third floor. 1123 Mission St.: no sign.
ZEMDAR. young, gifted clalr., card reader;
names given; 10 to 9. 1634 Market, nr. Polk.
MRS. CAMERON, card reader, medium: 25c up.
S23 Mission st.; don't forget number; ring bell.
MRS. E. M. DUVAL. clairvoyant and business
medium. 425 Golden Gate ave^
MME. HANSON palmistry, card reader: past,
present, future,' 25c. US Blxth,B_. room 14.
MRS. MELVILLE, well-known clairvoyant, wa-
ter reader, moved to 11 Sixth: German spoken.
CLAIRVOYANT, mineral psychometrlst. palm-
1st and card reading, 25c. 1241V4 Market st.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
yalmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MME. SCHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings daily. 212^ Sixth st.
MME. RAVENNA reads llfo flu-ntly: business
advice; names gi\-rn: 2T.O up. •• Fourth st.
CARPET BEATIXtt AXD CLEAXIXG.
STA^D^ARDT^Ts^Guerrero— Curtains and blan-
kets renovated 2."c per pair; carpets cleaned,
3c yd. : laying a specialty. Phone Mission 106.
WHEN you become di«£usted with poor work
EFr.d to KVAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Worki. 333-357 Tfharr.a St.; tel. South 40.
CARPETS cleaned at 3e per yard, laid at 5c.
STRATTO.VS. S Eighth St.; teL Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL; Carr**-Beatinz and Renn-
CITT Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. II.
STEVENS, n;sr., 3S-<0 Jth st. ; tel. South 2.*0.
ADVANCE Carpet r'eanlns <"°-. 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 134. Gi:O. WALCO—t. proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate avenue: M?rhone East 126.
CHIROPODISTS.
-T^NToN^TrErvTivn^tians. corns, absolute cure.
painless :ceiuwlf n free. Pr. Duncan. 4 15 Slitter.
COLLECTION
GnorV^^vT^KnLLY^S Agency— No charge un-
Icfs Euc-csEful. Room 310. !>27 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
A— COTTAGE. 4 sunny rooms; yard. Key 623
Second st.. rear Mail Dock.
COTTAGE in rear: 4 rooms: yard; woodshed;
rent only JT. 3s2DV^ T-.vonty-flftli st.
DENTISTS.
AT the -JLECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket 6L, cor 4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
J3 LO up: plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hour?. » a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M. D.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my won-
ierienc»; no* students; advice free; prices
i hoajicst and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell Bt.
A NKW plate, the unbreakable Rose " Pearl.
warranted for 20 years; crowns and bridge-
work; teeth without a plate; fillings. 50c;
crowns, $3 SO; plates, full set. S3 00; all work
painless and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
Iuif, -4 Sixth st.
¦'MAIN Office" New York Dental Parlors, 1013
Market Ft., bet. Sixth and Seventh; consult
us on crowns and, bridges; teeth extracted
positively and absolutely without pain.
TEETH extracted free; plate*. 15; crowns, J3 60;
brlrfjre work, J3; ail the latest methods for
painless dentistry; hours. 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.
Modern Dental 12*"€ Market, cor. G. G.
DR LUPLUM HILL. 1443 r ilaiket, nr. Eleventh
made; old r>late* made over like new; teeth
frum JS j;er set; extracting, 50c; gas given.
DR. WALSH. 815*4 Geary, nr. Lark in-Painless
extraction SCc; plates J5 up; tel. I'olk 1135.
LOWEST prices in S. V. ; painless extraction,
10c. New York Dentist3. 969 Mission, cor, «th.
PARIS Dental Parlor, 23.". Kenrny, cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns, J3; fillings, 25c.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" : evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market fit., corner Sixth.
SKT of treth without plate. DR. II. G. YOUNG,
1^1 Polk Et.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 ;,aces, in wrapper, lor mailing, $1 per year.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. BUZARD'S dog hospital, post. Killmore—
Advice and medicine, "3c: city visits, tl 50; all
animals treated: dogs boarded. Tel. West 636.
DR. Creely's C P. mange cure and worm pills,
by druggists or at hospital, 510Gold»n Gate av.
DRESSMAKKRS AND SKAMSTKESSES
FAIRFI ELD'S Millinery Academy; call and
oxamirc ili« work or send for circular. 1236
Market St.
ACCOKD1ON pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
ing, pinking. 121 Post. overO'Connor&Moffatt.
McDuwell Dressmaking and Millinery School;
private class; patterns cut. 1013 Market it.
S. F. Dressmaking. Ladies' Tailoring and Mil-
linery School: French system. 411 Van Ness.
EDUCATIONAL.
AYRES' BUBUesa College. "23 Market St.: <lay
and evening; Individual Instruction, JS per
month; life scholarsnip, $50; bookkeeping,
shorthand, telegraphy, etc.: just added 25 new
typewriters: .commercial department enlarged
and Is ihe b>jst In S. F. : catalogue free.
GALLAGH1CH-MAUSH College. Parrotl Bldg.—
Shorthand, tyjiins and bookkeeping; Robert F.
f?alla_her. expert coUrt reporter, teacher of
shorthand: reportorlal phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping; full course $00; catalogue.
H_ALD'S HUSINKSS COLLEGE, 24 Post St..
S. P.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
Kuap.es, telegraphy. English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
and night sessions: new 80-pase catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references-. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phclan building.
SPANISH classes day and evening. 303 Larkln
6t.. cor. McAllister: < lessons a week, $3 a
month: also private. PROF. F. M.VIZCAINO.
BOOKKEEPING, free trial; private lessons; S
u_s. In college not equal to S wks. with me,
f23 TARR. expert accnt.. 223 Parrott bids-
MISS M. G. BARRETT. Shorthand Academy:
lessons by mail; acknowledged by official-re-
porters best teacher, best system. 302 Montgy.
ALL student* but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market st.
ENGINEERING. civil, elec, mining, mech, sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch.; rtay, eve.; est.l8C4.
VAN DAR NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
SPANISH, French. German, singing, piano. $2
mo.; hours. 2-4, C-8. 123« Market, rms. 119-117.
MUNSON School Shorthand. Typing, Bookkeep-
ing, Spanish. 137 Mont'y. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
MR. and MRS. D. MANSFIELD; music studio:
violin, guitar, mandolin, banjo. 1838 Eddy st.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— Nlcht class. 424 Pine st.
FRENCH. Spanish. etc. Prof. DeFilippe'sAcademy
of Laneua'ces.ZZOPost: establd lS71;abiest profs
CALIFORNIA Business College is again en-
larging quarters. Come see us, 303 Larkln st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.. day or eve.; $3 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES. . ; ?
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; eBtab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post ct.. near Powell: Telephone Bush 135.
FRED WAMATS, Japanese, Chinese contractor;
emp. ofllce. R44 California; tel. James 260L
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
flcc; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main S1S8.
JAPANESE Housecleanlng Co.— Walters, cooks,
3 dishwashers; est. 1*90. 1026 Oak; tel. Page 547.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. office— Best help
furn.: domestic serv. 417 Powell: tel. Bush 378.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Cht-
nese help. 426 Powell. nr.Sutter: tel.Dlack 5072.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Office;
best help furn. Tel. John 2121. 806H Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Offlce—
He»t help. 411U O'FcrrHl St.: tel. ICast 426.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALE.
WOMAN with a child wishes work: can fill al-
most nny position. Room 21. Parker House,
19 Turk st.
MILLINER, late with Coughlln, Market at.,
out by day; latest designs In mtllinary: hats
trlmm.Kl reasonable. Box 2799; Call office.
A COMPETENT, reliable Swedish girl whn»
to do penrral housework. Call or address 350
Fremo.it at. !
NEAT, middle-aged woman will assist In nice
family; good, plain cook; good references.
Box 2722, Call office.
LADY with '-six years' experience In general
offlce work with leading Chicago firms, cash-
ier and bookkeeper; references. Address box
/ 2732. Call office.
WANTED— By Eastern . woman, position aa
working housekeeper: city or country; good
home. more of an object than wages. Coll or
I address all week, Ell Pine b_, room Z> -
EMPLOY3IEXT ' WAMED- -FE3IAXE.
WA-NTED-^By a respectable woman, work by
the day; can do any kind of housework. 414
Clementina «t.. between Fifth and Sl-th.
THOROUGHLY competent and . experienced
stenographer, typewriter and bookkeeper
wishes position; references. Box 2730, CalL
WANTED— By .girl as useful companion to ln-
valld or elderly lady. Address 101 Grove st.
A STRONG young woman wishes work by the
day; sweeping, scrubbing, window cleaning
or washing flannels; references. Address box
86J6. Call office,
YOUNG lady stenographer desires position.
Address box 1731. Call office^
A FRENCH lady speaking English wishes' to
Elve lessons of reading and conversation In
French. Call or address Teacher, Gailhard
Hotel. 600 Pine St. i
LADY wishes ¦ position to assist with light [
housework; must be treated as one of fam-
Uy. $2 25 a week. Box 4793. Call office.
COMPETENT dressmaker, good fitter and cut-
. ter. $1 CO: suits remodeled: quick worker. 41U
Twentieth st.. near Eureka:
COOK— Place by an experienced colored cook
from the East: city preferred. Address box
47»1. Call office.
LADY, German teacher. Ju?t from Eurspe. «
years' experience In high private school,
wants to Instruct pupils at home or to Rive
private lessons In all German branches,
French. English, needlework and gymnastics.
Eox 4772. Call office. '
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third »t.. near Mar-
ket- 200 rooms: !ic to $1 50 night. $1 i0 to $«
•*eek: convenient and respectable: free bua
and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement!" and
rub«criptlcns has been established at 1C95 Va-
lencia st. |
1 i
EMPLOYMENT AVAXT^"~ : " A *^;^^
A— NEW TORK City cutter desires a position
In San Francisco; will flirnlsh first-class ref-
erences from this city and New York. Ad-
dress box 3651. Call offlce.
A PERFECT dry and sweet wlnerha_er, 20
yt-ars* experience, best references, wants situ-
ation. Address Wlnemaker, F. W. GRABAN.
417 Bush st.. S. F. |
LIGHT complexloned colored roan wishes i«.<- |
tlon as coachman or waiter In private f_mllv;
city or country; good references. Call or ad-
dreM G. W. CARR, <C9 Stevenson st. •
A COMPETENT bookkeeper having 3 or 4
hours dally to spare would like a set of books
to write up or to assist; day or evening. Ad-
dress bcx 4156. Call offlce.
ACTIVE young German, handy with tools, de-
siren position at anything; has experience In
machinist trade; good references. Box i.03.
Call offlce. >,:;-••".•¦
YOUNG man wants work of any kind; has h/ii
three years' experience at bookkeeping; hns
worked In commission and grocery stors. Box
2718, Call officer
GOOD second hand bread baker wants pcMtlon;
dny work preferred. Address box 2723, Call.
YOUNG man. American, strong and willing,
- desires a position of any kind. Box 27S5. Call.
YOUNG man, educated in English and Ger-
mnn. desires position; best of references and
security given. Care DR. SHILLING, 1581
Valencia st.
WANTED— A situation by a competent man to j
¦ care for hrrses, garden and general man i
about the place; can drive. Box 2727, Call. )
YOUNG man of good habits wishes position as I
volet or care of invalid; city references. Box I
2723, Call office. . '
I HAVE 5 or 6 hours each day that I wish to
employ usefully: I do not expect big pay.
Box 474S. Call offlce.
COACHMAN— Situation wanted: thoroughly un-
derstands care horses, carriages, garden: good
driver: city reference. Box 3£3, Call office.
BY a man of business experience, 37 years of ]
age. a position as bookkeeper, collector or
business manager; gwd references and bond J
If required. Call or address 1225 Wcb3ter St..
Oakland. Cal. ¦
MAN and wife want positions In lumber or
mining camp: both experienced; wife good
cook, man mill hand and miner. 615 Thirty- i
ninth st., Oakland. j
ENGLISH coachman and gardener; first-class j
driver: competent in ever?' respect: sober and !
reliable man; best city ref. G. M., 714 How-
ard st. I
COACHMAN with many years* experience J
with icood horses, sober, careful driver, can
milk or make himself generally useful, wants
situation; good references. Box 4S00. Call.
WANTED— Situation as ranch foreman,' fruit,
grain or »>tr>ck. by competent man. Address
box 508. Watsonville, Cal.
BAKER— Experienced on cakes, or on bread
and cake3, wants position. Apply box 4790,
Call office.
MAN and wife, both cooks, want work in camp,
boarding house or country hotel; references.
Address with particulars, G. C, 25 San Fer-
nando St.. Fan Jose, Cal.
WANTED— Situation doing general offlce work
by a young man 18 years of age: best of
references. Address box 47S3, Call offlce.
MIDDLE-AGED man, 6trictly trustworthy,
" good references, desires position as watch-
man or Janitor: 20 years a resident of this
city. Address^ E. S.. 3392 Army Bt.
JAPANESE schoolboy wants a situation In
family not too far away from town; good ref-
erencea. Box 4778. Call offlce.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at HftS
Valencia f=t.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
rgolvrij at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
EXPERT OPTICIAXS.
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
Ju^tPd. N. Manas*e. oculist optician. 910 Mkt.
KIXANCIAL. ,
IF ycu hnve blocks or bonds of any kind for
Fti'le cnil or address PACIFIC COAST UN-
DERWRITING CO.. 504 Parrott bulldlne.
FLATS TO LET.
100 HOUSES find FLATS TO RENT. |
1207 ; i Dev'd'o; f. 6 r.$23 1915 Dev'd'o; h. 8 r..$32 !
ififOH Turk: f. 6 r... 17 36S Fell: h. S r 23
£73 Geary; f. 4 r 9 817 Union; h. 10 r... 35
919 Valiejo; f. 4 r... 10 2511 Sac'to: h. 9 r... 50
Flats wanted. SPECK „ CO.. 667 Market st. ;
CHOICE upper flat, 754 Bryant st. ; 5 rooms and
bath: rent reasonable. Apply G. II. UMB-
SEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
TWO new c?ntrally located flats, Just com-
pleted 9 rocirs each; 922 Pine: rent reason-
bale. Apply C5. II. UMBSEN & CO.
%il 50— 1<40 SUTTER St., near Webster: modern
Funny urper flat of 7 rooms and bath. Apply
SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE & CO.. 218-220
Montgomery st.
SUNNY desirable flats; Oak and Laguna sts.;
7, S Bnd 9 rooms: rent reasonable. Apply
MADISON & BURKE,
FLAT of 5 rooms and bath: First ave., fronting
on the park. 8C6 First ave.
FLAT— 901 Post St., corner Hyde; 4 rooms;
rent {17 50. * - »
IK you want to move get printed list flats to lt r .
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
NEW 'flat, tinted, 7 rooms, with running
.water. 430 Eddy st.
TWO "nice modern flats: Nos. 3891 and 33S3
Twenty-fifth st., near Sanchez; rent low.
$9—4 SUNNY upper rooms; yard, cellar; water
¦ free. IOCS Natoma *t., near Eleventh.
$20— UPPER flat 5 rooms: 611 Washington St.,
¦between Kearny and Montgomery; key In
'¦ store below.
8S7Vi HATES- Flat of 3 rooms: bath and yard;
nfvr plumbing; rrnt fS.
FLATS WANTED.
FURNISHED cottage or upper flat: 6 or 7
rooms; not exceeding J30; state particulars.
Box 2720, Call ofllce.
A— NOTICE— Owners, attention! We guaran-
tee to rent eood houses and flats In 3 to 15
day*. A. M. SPECK & CO.. C67 Market st.
_ FIKMTURE FOR SAIiE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $4S 50. with No
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Mar-
ket ft.; telephone South 637. ¦
FURXITURE WANTED.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market St.; tel. Jessie 761.
A. .WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St.. pays hlshest
price for second-hand furniture: tel. Red 1354.
ALWAYS 'phone John 1041 before selling your
furniture. Standard Furn. Co.. 745 Mission
Auctioneer— L.Vincent, 1305 Larkln; tel. Polk O4;
furniture '_ furn'd houses bouvbt: spot cash.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry _ Co.). buys
furniture, ¦ carpets. 757 Mission: tel. Red 3JJ3.
HELP WANTED — FEMALeT"
WANTED — 3 hotel waitresses, $20, to go south:
fare paid: nice place; see party at 10 a. m,'
to-day- (Sunday). J. F. CROSETT & CO .
316 Sutter st.
A-r A— GIRLS, neat sewers, to learn necktie
making: steady work. PACIFIC NECKWEAR
MANUFACTURING CO., 16 Sutter St.
WANTED-Ladies to copy letters- at home,
everywhere; pleasant, work; good pay; full
particulars ; terms, -etc: reply with stamp.
The, Cutler Co., Dept. 3, Chicago, IU.
HELP \>AXTEP- FEMALE. |
C. B. HAXSEN & CO Phone Grant 13*
HOTEL DEPARTMENT ••••;•••:•
Waitresses for Fresno. Bakersfleld. wood-
land. Gait, Porterville. Stanford. Watsonvill*.
Kern and city, J20 and J25. many of them
rare paid; 2 w aitresses, city, $20; S chamber-
maids to wait, \Z); chambermaid. $li *>;
woman cook. $30 and* $35; chocolate dipper and
saleslady, country. $10 week, see party here
li) a. m. Monday -„--•
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cook, small family, short distance In coun-
try, $30; 2 cooks, city. $30; second girl. Berke-
ley. $20; housegirl. Redwood City, and ICO
housegirls, nursegirls. second girls, city and
country. C. R. HAXSEX & CO., 104 Geary.
SCANDINAVIAN or German housegirl. small
family, city, $_.. C. P.. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary, st. .
A LIMITED number of bright young glrl» will
be taken for Instruction In our white shirt
and overall departments; paid while learning.
Standard Shirt Factory, corner Gough and
Grove sis.
WANTED— A bright, energetic woman, willing
to leave city, for a business firm. Box 2734.
Call office. ¦,:,,**
EXPERIENCED salesladies and makers for
millinery; good wages; steady position. 130
Sixth st.
HlDDLE-AfJED woman. Intelligent and ener-
getic, to represent established firm, office
manager; conducted from one's own home; to
right party I1C0O yearly. Mgr. Branch Office,
Dept. 5C2. Star bldg-. Chicago. _____
A LADY of Indomitable energy possessed of
eelf -assertion; good opportunity to right party.
F. PERSON, room 412. Parrott building.
AVANTED— Experienced operators, tuckers and
finishers. New York Waist Co., 935 Mark.**
st., upstairs.
FIRST-CLASS alteration hands on suits. A.
CAILLEAC. 114 Kearny s^
WOMAN with family to work In lodging house.
441 Geary st.
LADY as partner in best female remedy and
cure ever produced; nice, profitable business;
answers confidential. A- D. PALMER, box
2721. Call offlce. /
FIRST CLASS hair dresser and manicure, or
first class manicure; no other need apply.
Call Sunday, from 10 a. m. to 1 p. m.. 7C2
Market St.. room 6.
MIDDLE-AGED woman to help around. 131JH
Golden Gate ave. .
A — ______—___——————
WANTED— An experienced chocolate dipper; :
also exDerlenced store girl. Call BONNA- I
-. LIE. 704 Sutter St. .
WANTED— German elrl for cooking and house-
work. Ac'dreis 1S1T California at.
SMART girl, willing to learn to be a medium:
willing to travel with a professional man.
Box 4706, Call otflce.
WANTED— A middle-aged woman for cham-
berwork and play piano for sporting house;
good pay to right party. Add, box 2733. C— 11.
PRESSER: also operaters en ' muslin wear.
BAUER BROS. CO.. 21 Sansome tt.
THREE apprentices wanted pants; pay
while learning. 104-106 Battery st.
YOUNG girl as stenographer:' must be good '
penman. Address box 363 1. Call offlce. i
FINISHERS on vests; steady work. BELAS- !
CO & HARRIS CO.. 541 Market St. j
FIRST-CLASS coat finisher. £20 Kearny «t-. j
first floor, room 1. j
GIRL for light housework in small family. '
2324 San Bruno ave., take Kolsom-st. car.
A RESPECTABLE girl or middle-aged woman
to take care of children; good home and f
small waces. 27o3 Harrison st. j
GIRL to assist in housework; good home. 4034 i
Seventeenth St.. near Castro. ' I
KNITTING knitters; girls to learn to knit on j
knitting machines, or experienced knitters, j
Apply 'at Uclrten Gate Knitting Mills. 9 ,
Stevenson st.. near First. !
GIRL to assist, with housework; good home; i
wages |10. 4^ Fourteenth st. • j
GIRL for general housework: 2 in family;
sleep home; $15. Call Sunday 2 to 4 p. m., |
Monday. 10 to 12 m.. 403 Grove et.
McDOY.'F-LL Dressmaking and Millinery School
again takes lead, receiving first award for
our system at Tarls Exposition over alt (
French systems, giving it the enviable po-
sition of first system of the world; millinery
course unsurpassed; Pratt system of N. Y.
taught under competent Instructor. Mc-
DOWULL'S, 1013 Market st.
SEWING machine operators at LEVI STRAUSS ;
_ CO.'S factory. 32'j Fremont St.; no ex- •
perience necessary; good wages. Apply to !
MR. DAVIS. J
A WOMAN of tact and energy to fill a poel- i
tion where income steadily Increases. Box
4797, Call office. ' (
WANTED— Experienced alteration hands; also j
1 apprentice, cloak department. City of Parts ,
Dry Goods Co.
WANTED— Girl for light housework. MRS.
I. F. DUGGAN, Third and Camellia sts., W«U
Berkeley.
WANTED — Trimmer for country position. Ap-
ply HOLM & NATHAN. 512 Market at. I
GERMAN pirl for general housework and light j
cooking In email family. Apply at 23 Capp.
GIRL wanted for light housework: chance to
learn dressmakins. 7S2 Van Ness ave.
WANTED— 2 first-class waist hands and 1 first-
class skirt hand. 2CH Kearny St., room 8. •
GIRL to as.«lst with light housework; small
family adults. 2C02 Clay st. j
WANTED— A lady as companion to lady and i
assist in light housework: gocd home, fair '
pay for the right party. Call after 2 p. m. j
at 116 Taylor st. j
GIRL for general housework and plain cook- j
Ing; small family. 1443 McAllister gt.
A COLORED girl to take care of baby; sleep
home: waires 112. Address 819 Post St.
DANCING girls wanted. Comstock Dance Hall,
61S Pacific st.; cren 7:30 to 12 p. ra.
WANTED — Women and girls to work on fruit.
1731 Foljoin tt.. between 13th and 14th.
HELP WANTED— 31 ALE.
A2^mRTY~&^RA^Y7?rr?7rrplione Mai _"5S43 I
Leading Employment ar.d Labor Agents.
WANT MONDAY. 7 A. M
123 laborers, different places In city and coun-
try. $2 25. *2. *1 7j day, J3i. $30. $26 and found
46 teamsters, sand scrapers, wagons, etc.. 12
nnd $175 day. 135. $30. $40. $26 and found
36 plow teamsters $35, $30, tZi and found
Zi> general ranch and orchard hands
$26 and found
12 milkers and butter makers J30 and ftmnd I
3 coachmen gardeners $30, $35 and found I
6 choremen and boys $23, $20, $13. $10 and fd ¦
3 farmers and wives $40 and found |
6 drillers 16 lumber pliers $60 ;
Carriage painter Harness maker :
4 blacksmiths ,
Also hundreds of jobs not advertised. Corns'
and see.
MURRAY _ READY.
..634 and S36 Clay st.
A-HQTEL DEPT »... .BAKERS
26 cooks $50. $10. $33. $30 and found
IS waiters $35, $30. J25 and found
12 laundrymen. butchers, porters. MURRAY
& READY. 634 and G36 Clay St.
C. R. HANSEN _ CO 104 Geary st.
Mason foreman, $4 SO a day: 3 stonemasons.
$3 50 a day for R. R. culvert work, Los An-
geles Co., free fare
100 teamsters and laborers for railroad work.
State of Nevada, $2 a day, free fare
10 teamyters for California and Northwest-
ern Ry, Uklah, $2 a day, free fare
10 laborer* for a large dam. $2 50 a day. half
fare advanced; wine cellar man. $30 and
found; butter maker, $30 and found; 10
swampers. $35 and found; farmers, stablemen,
choremen nnd others. • •- — t ¦
HOTEL DEPARTMENT ....'.
Chef, country hotel. $75; second cook hotel
$€0; broiler, hotel, $45: fry cook, restaurant'
J65; 6 cooks, $30 to $40: 10 dishwashers and
kitchen hamls, $25 to $30; 6 hotel waiters. $25
and $30. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
BARBERS" Progressive Union — Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th: tel. Jessie 152.
A— TEN carpenters, 20 cabinet makers. 20 ben^h
- hands. 3 sticker hands, 3 sash and door
makers. 1 wood trimmer. 1 trim sawyer, for
city arid Oakland mills at Mechanics' Reg-
istration Bureau, 410 Kearny st.: non-union
mechanics please register; no offlce fees.
KNGINEERS. firemen, machinists, electricians
—Send Cor new 40-page pamphlet containing
list of questions asked by Examining Board of
Engineers. GEO. A. ZELLER, St. Louis, Mo.
WANTED— Man whr> wants a steady Job- must
be sober and steady: if satisfactory can work
up to good wages; no trlflers need aoDly Call
Monday 1159 Valencia st. • -
GENTLEMAN of Indomitable energy and push-
good opportunity to right man. F Pinwov'
room 412. Parrott building. -.•-. \~~^;?~£
MAN to travel and appoint agents; to saUs-
factory hustler with good references $1000 and
¦expenses: permanent: rapid promotloa Add
Mgr. 'Travelers." 501 Star bldg.. Chlca go.
YOUNG man of good address; outside work-
pleasant business. Box 3SS2, hall offlce.
SALESMEN earn $S0CO a year; liberal salary
torn, 806 Market, rm. 40. PhMan bldg.: pen-
¦ slon vouchers executed. Sc; advlco free.
B ?4lF^emo e _t a C Pl3r a " er ' ¦* "- MOnda3r '
HELP WAXTEP-MA1E.
MEN wanted for ti» United States Na~r-
Machinlsts, flrst-clata, age 21 to fc>. P»T P<;
month. 135: machinists, second class, ft«« a
to S3. pay per month. *40: •lectrlcian*. tbin
class. a E « 21 to S3. pay per monih._ t-a; aJjlp-
wrlzhts (carpenters), act 21 to to. pay per
month, IS; seamen. «ge O to b, par P« r
month. |24; ordinary •eamea, «s« « to w.
pay per month $19; landsmen. ag» W W D.
pay per month US: apprentices, third <^*J_
at* 15 to 17. pay per montH ». * tt ,*£p£~
dates for enlistment must pass a P n3 "l_r/i_.
amlnatlcn Bhowinj them to t>« freo
auallfyln. ailments. Ma-Jilnlsts must v*n
«n examination showlnif them to "• ™*
chlnlsts by trade. Electricians must P»" *
practical examination In •l«_f rl v t _;_ -?KvL
lally on the handllns; of electrical *? c *£g~
Shipwrights must be carpenters J^ £»_£
Seamen and ordinary «e* mea T mu ; t _P*"_5ri
examination tn seamanshln. Laadsmea ani
aocrentlces will b« required to "*
Physical examlnaUon only. The t'H 0 _**_??-
llstmrnt Is for four years. aaoul <* v* f^_i
re-enllst within a period of foor months froo
the date of honorable discharge h» wj" "-
celv. a bonus of four months -pay *?*_*£
addition to his monthly pay of » M . r^-^rJ
r#-enllstmen_ Katlons. medicines *=*"?«__**_
attendance are. furnished gratis la ' *^ u °? ¦**
pay. Priniege ot reUreroent after »^J
years' service oa three-<|U_rtera i of the pay
received at dat» of retirement. It 1» the .de-
sire of the Nary Department »<> «btai- »
large number of able-bodle_ Americans for
the navy, who will be given « Ter * f^ 1 * 1 !;
tunity for idvancemont as soon **{*«*"•
ouallfled for the higher ratings. The ear.r
completion of a number of fine ships fw the
navy will make a lar_e Inc""* '» i h *.^ n J
lilted force necessary, and this will e»°»» »
corresponding large Increase In the number
cf petty efflcers. who will be advanced trva
the^ower ratings. Recruits wha may b« ac-
cepted will b« a»str__d to a l>. S. war vm-
sel • apprentices to the na— al tralnSn_ sta-
tion. Cat. Applications s2»onl_
re made at the U. 8. Naval Becrultlig R«n-
detvous. corner of Market aad East streets.
San Francisco. Cal.
WANTE1>-Bar about H y««r» o£ »_•- Apply
Monday, room 1. 1M Kearny rt.
"WANTED— Errand boy abcut 13; wv~» U per
week. Cull Monday. 643 California it.
ERRAND boy. n years. MAJOR CONTVAjr.
SS Flood buU(_n_.
DISHWASHER wanted at 202 To~-Je_d •_.
near Third: >j per week.
WANTED— In wholesale grocery hoase, expert
bill cl.rtc oslng- Smith's Premier trp^-rit_r:
state way?* Address box «T43. Call oitlc*.
COOK wanted: caJl early. 10g Hyde et.
COATMAKER8 wanted: steady wort E_X_i_-
CO & HARRIS CO.. 541 Market st.
EOT to work tn mattress r-ora. Ar;ly Vli
Howard «>.. between 10 ar.d 11
BOY3 wanted for pedcUir.s; fruit. 13 tr> 13 y^ars:
Ha»!!a wee_. Call at 1(3 :.'_:.: :r_i it..
between 7 and I a. m.
FTRST-CLAS5 co«_r.a_ers wa_ted- Va iCearsy
St.. first floor, room 1.
DRIVER la hay and coal buelaes-. 22* Saa
Bruno ave.; take Folscm-tt. car.
¦JVANTED— A yourg butcher fsr shep a=_
wagon. lSia Point Lobos ave.
6HOE machine h_a<5*: bottom Crashers: S.rr
thread stitchers. WENTVi'OP.TH-5 W 1 __J_a
EHQE CO.. 113 Fine «t. .
EOT to learn printing trade: 13 per weelc
Toung Folks' Weekly. 51S Cor__t«rc:-1 s_
BOT wanted to make himself generally usef_L
GEQ. H. KAHX. Optician. Kl Kearay it.
WANTED— Toons man fcr grocery stare. Call
Monday. 425 Third St. '
WANTED— ExperiencP'1 marker and distributer
at OAKLAND LAUNDRY CO.. CO Twenty-
ninth St.. Oakland.
J12 STRAIGHT bona fide weekly salary direct
from of flee; expenses extra commissions; cap-
able men. women to represent us appointing
a?er.ts: promotion and increase salary; new
lines. Butler & Alger. New Haven. Car.n.
GOVERNMBNT positions— Don't prepare for
postofflce or other civil service examination
without seein? catalogue of Information: free.
COLUMBIAN CORRESPONDENCE COL-
LEGE. Washington. D* C.
WANTED — First class dinner and short order
cook no pantry work. Address box 10, V.'ai*-
worth. Nev.
COAT and 1 vest makers wanted. Apply 11 a.
m.. CHAS. LYONS. London Tailor. 7_, _d_
WANTED— A young man for milk route. Call
4007 Eighteenth Bt.
"WANTED— Sheetlron workers: union men. P.
A_ GILLEY — CO.. 103 Fremont St.
CABINET makers wanted. 119 Slain at.
BARKE_:PE.R. German; must b» quick and
polite: state references. Box 4?'j3. CaJL
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 662 Mission St., bet. 1st ar.d Zi sts.
WAXTED-A sober, faithful man with prac-
tical experience In scouring and dry cleaning
of ladies' and gents' clothes. Address at once
HENRY JEANS. 138 East Santa. Clara St..
San Jose, qal. «
WANTED— A place to stap for the winter— -This
can be found at tha Adams House, 513 Sacra-
mento St., near Montgomery; ona of the f»— '
repectable houses where countrymen ccmlr.j
to the city can find nice, clean, cheap, wen-
ventilated rooms. A. McCREERY. Prop.
AN experienced clothing ma* to take charge
and superintend agencies and salesman on
Pacific Coast for tailoring business: give ex-
perience, age, ref. Addre_i bo_ 47S8. Call.
BRIGHT boy for office In wholesale house;
good penman: good references: state wages
expected. Box 4781. Call.
FIRST-CLASS watchmaker for city: »-.at j ref-
erences; permanent position to good, steady
mechanic. Box 4777. Call.
WE want 10 honest. Industrious men to solicit
In city aad county: experience not necessary:
we teach yon the business: good contracts for
scber men willing: to work. White Sewing
Machine Co.. S00 Post St.. cor. Stockton.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade: only eight
weeks required; positions guaranteed: special
Inducements: catalogue ami map of city free.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 633 Clay «„
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know-
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. : 150 l_rg»
rooms: 23c per night: Jl to 12 per week.
PARTNER for barber shop In country.
STOLTZ'S. 638 Market st. *
WASTED- Good blacksmith; steady Job. Ap-
ply to J. CSHEA, 17th and Vermont eta.
BOY who understands ftencgraphy and office
work: give age, wages desired. Box 4721. Call.
GET your shoes half soled while waiting; £>o
to 50c. E62 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 21 sts.
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms. 10c, 15c and
20c. Bostcn House. 920 Howard Bt.
STOLTZ, barber supplies, removed from 630
Market (basement) to 638 Market st.. upstairs.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order. $1 per week, at
cash prices. N. Y. Tailoring Co.. 115 Kearny.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen aad gre«*n hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 2S Steuart.
MEN end women to learn barber trada. S. S".
BARBER COLLEGE, 741A Howard st.
PENSIONS-GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer. 1«
years' practice; Examiner building.
LABORERS anil drillers wanted at 527 Four-
teenth st.. near Guerrero.
LTNDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard—
Rocms. 13c to J3c night: 7*o to J2 per week.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms. ZSo night; readlnp-room; freei
*bu« ar.d baerare to and from the ferry.
. HEMORRHOIDS.
PILES— JOO cures business men In San Fran-
cisco; can be seen; nr> operation; no pain: par-
tl<mlar* sent. Art. Ph»«t<M;iTV bn~ T>*A Tall.
HOUSES. LIVE STOCK. Ete— -For Sale
43 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
127 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
10 HEAD of driving and working horses at
TOMKINSON'S Stables. 67 Minna St., be-
tween First and Second.
$45— HORSE. bu?gy and harness. EL BL
KOON'S, 847 and SI9 Mlswlon st.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to Let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UilBSEN & CO.. 14 Montsomery.
FINE 8-room house. ££3 Twentieth St., bet.
Valencia and Mission. _¦ •
HOUSE of 5 rooms and bath: rent $10. 1133
Church St.. near Twenty- third.
MARY. tO. near Fifth and Mission— 7 roomi;
. double parlors: rent cheap.
WEBSTER. 3000— New «-room house and bath;
stable It desired; rent tit.
$15-8 ROOMS and bath; newly pap«red- 22
De Boom st, off Second, near Brannan.
HOUSES TO IET Kl'RSISHED.
A-»FURNISHED House of 7 rooms for sale;
rent of house very cheap; rocms all fulL
Apply 1315 Stockton st. V
houses wa:vte_».
SMALL rooming house wanted. Address box
2724. Call office.
HYPNOTISM.
PP.OF. A. ALBERT, graduate of the famous
Weltmer school of magnetic healing; chronic
and nervous diseases cured without dracs or
- surgery when all other methods fall: hour*.
12 to _ iCi £_U sfi.THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1900.
37
LOST AXD FOr\D.
LOST— rv:_y. l^.h. a. pocket-book containing
larfre rutn of coney In bills; largest denom-
inatloa $K«. A reward of IZ& to person „-
!>r» 2T1T. Call cf2c«.
LCST— Hr^Mth setter bitch r white, ticked
r :».rk : _roucd black *r** oa side. Return to
N. BO.TO, C3 Wasli.^tos tt.. or 1C73 Union; i
rewara,
1 V c "---^'trh col'.'.e: RBSH. reddish brown;
w est«-rr. Adflitlcn.; t50 reward. 1T3 Grant ave.
l«O6T-*m»«i he>-« maa coney; vicinity cf
._ <ar? " tLnd 'irart a.ve.; reward. T5 Stockton.
1X.5T— Frrm Oak to McAllister, en Lacuna,
I^lr gla^sey. Hf.um to Oak gt.
51 '* " Ir » tch - Please return to j
M. H. LAW LliR va Fifth st. : reward 820. j
LOi; J— A Passbook with the Hibem.a Savlnrs j
BB4 Loan Rx-iety of Pan Francisco. In the
nRia* of JULIA M. JENXIXG5; No. 2*3-tC&. I
I ne ..nder aril] pleas* return to baxk.
roUND-Fcx terrier ferr.ale; brown bead b'.ack I
gpet en back. i::S Fillmcre tt. j
A V."EEK'S news Jor Z rents. The Weekly Call. '
'* rages, ¦jt. wr» 7? >r. for malllrg. tl per ye^ir. ;
j
MASSAGE.
:I T r £^GS-WOnTHTii*:sl_t to lir. A. Ii. \
Wi.lcox. tc-.eaiiac meireuse room V) St. I
at.-* bu'.],j-.r.g: h'-urs. i a. m. to 12:S0.' !
MEDICAL.
r>R. BSd MRS. DAVIES. l^S Market— Ladies
fr»c:a.irts; B years rractiee have treated
thoujanos of casej, £ ucces«rully. positive cure
F-J6rar.teed at office; ladies treated can retun
hcn.e time day. HINDO HEP.B home cure
tcy or.e can u« it; perfectly h«ra;««; bon-.e \
-or ccs£i<-mt-i. Sens ftan^rs fcr circular.
r-R. G. w. OTK3NNELL. the wortd-rcsowBcd '¦¦
iac:'s specialist: Fafe and reliable; has pra<-- ',
rel In h*a Francisco for years; tresied thou- ;
Mm cf cases miT»Mfi Tlx: tieatir.er.t can be !
used tt hotr.e: cca*u:ta.:i;n free. After a'l ;
ctcert fa'.: ctll en h-.ia. Unv?& \y.i X'arket. j
MP.S VH. KOHL, m Market « . c-r. Sixth: i
r»jSaii.€ lad:es - epecial'.st: hrroe treatment. U. I
sa.e ar.d sjre cur* e-a.rajateed; ladies treated 1
tt c.ce can return hciae the sair.e day: pr!- ;
vat« horr.e before ani durlrj: c;rflr.eir.ent : !
twt rrei:cal care: ho-jr?. 9 a. rr. to 3 p. m.
ZjHS. GO-0r>\VlN. we.I-kr.own lai:«=- «T-*ciaM*t«.
r.f»e returned frcm Furcpe; fafe an! reliable-
cure r; hive treated thousands cf cas»-s with
Fucte«; :: years' rractiee in S. F.: rr.at»rnlty
hcrr,»: lew feea. :>TS Market st.. r.«ar Sixth. !
4IP.« DR. WTETH. reliable fpedal'.st; T3 yrs / i
practice; hrrr.e Jn conf.nerr.er.t: treattr.ec't at !
cfact, JS; ar.y ni'.rr.ent; cor^-jltaticn free ccr.- !
gier.tlal. Pc?t f... bet. Hyde ar.j Lark:n. j
i.'\J TOY KEE. Chir.ese doctor: <-ure» con*un:r-
tion. cancer, catirrh. etc.; all diseases ireat- !
•O: semi for t«tirnor;ials: a2\-lce free. Sar.l- i
— -iua. T.-4 . c arrar-.er.to ct., corr.er Kearr.y.
-HE wen-knewn DR. POPPER, celebrated fe- !
»;-eci*uli»t; practicai ;hy»iclan for 37
:••»£:-»; a:w«vi Fuccesrful. S3 Kearr.v «t.
iir.S. M. ALLEN. ;:r Market-Ladles" special-
:st; hcr-.e Jr. cohsr.ercect ; safe and reliable-. |
ccr-FuIiition free; hears 10 to 8.
C"?.T. rr.e-i' ; c«.: rubber w;:i atter.d clients at j
refiiesce by arftat. PAfLA. bcx 47TJ, Call. !
r^Tt the :a*>s- f^-eciaXyt. HIS Market ft. !
DR. VTOXa HIM. herb doctor, treats ell d:s- {
>£?«¦« rr -y* h--1y. »5 Mt^n yt.
M1SCXLLANEOIS FOH SALE.
: ¦::-..«, «r.e:nr-».'2d-har.a rr.achirsery! mT- !
IXTQSH & WOLPMAN. :$5-:J7 Frer-nr.t st.
EARS. t*ck t>ar». n-.irrors. showcases, counters. !
I ¦ • -~. new ar.d pecond har.d: we always ¦
t.&vt a large ttock of saloor. outfit* on hand ; i
33 corr.r>te ot;t*ts on our foor, reaiy made; j
t. » oaa «hlp everj-thir.g In 24 hours, J.
NOOXAK. 10:7. 1C1S. ICO. 103 Missicn st.. t
jvf Sixth; write fcr catalor'-e.
Z. V a Lrar.a cew t>-r*wr:ter for |5 dcw n asi u '
:<r tnor.th: writ* fcr catalo^iie and price. |
7TPEUT.ITER EXCHANGE. 4'» Califonua i
st : rentals, new rr:ach:ne«. J3 v^r month.
*'EVl- rP.O-OMS— The Golien VTe*t B.-^ro Fac- |
fry ct CS ar.a €29 Clay tt.. near Keartiy, has ;
Jn»t started; Fi-rekeejv-rs can t* supplied i
w.th aii kinds of brootr.s at the ch-raj*st i
ra.tr-5: .:rC»rs ty mall attended try.
1'INE ar.ti^ue cak ch'.na cvftMkvtf, clrc^'.ar ;
p^oss front, perit'a bicycle. sln?:> harness,
eood &* rew. tnediarn weipht: poo-i letter
• ¦ sa. jialr drivisg pcUcjSB, E2^Elish T:i'.ng
brtdift. ZSll Lyoa st.
YIS*: Patek Pfc-ll'.rr* watch; fly bark, erlit i
second. SP r«*ni!>"we;F*:t li-kar&t care: £ne«t ;
marutsciurtMi: cost SITS; brand new; r«rt
c&sh. r'art traie; cheap. Aidress box i-^2S, :
CaII. Oeldasfl.
AN lilrroft nf-x larpe-size riicrcscope, eu!tat>
for ;!-ys:-:ar:«. for 5:7: rrlg-.r.ally oost HO. :
•'.N'^Li: HARRIS. I5 Grant ave. j
A— PL*y5. se'As cr rents far rnachlrery, en- i
>rs. ¦Ba-^r rlr*. fhEf::^g. pulleys, \
etc V.HITELAV.-. r.5 5r-ear st.
SM rrirr m •?. gatnsBxe& iron p:r«, with cr i
vitlxmt fcrce puta;»; good ccsditl<^i: cheap, i
;¦• Ocexii £t.
FINE F-jft. tl'-: drers jar.ts. t; 7S. MISFIT '
CLOTHING PARLORS. <"7 Montgomerj- st.
A-U DEP.EY and Fe<!->ra hat*. |: 73. Pop- i
-:sr Prl^e Hetters. SSj Kcarr.y st., near Pine. '
TT. wmle—XPtnexidn. purr.p and t_k. 1C8 Flf- |
teer.th Ft.
A-*«) HORSEPOWER er.rine. bo'.l-r. 2-drill '
air compressors. JARDINE S. ZT> Fremont st. j
KODAK £lrn« S4x3'~» developed, only 25c per i
P.ec-.trar.it Studio, hT,0 Market, cor. Etkn. !
rrUT.EBS :c *tatlcn*ry. bo^ks. nctions. re-
llElous matter? ; get bargain?, 14* Fcurth st. 1
T -LIGHT dyriair.o. engine and boiler, com- i
r>te: ch^ar. H. S. WHITn. S'.S Mission et. i
V.iLL rent full drtyj Tuxedo or Prince Albert i
rclts fcr ?; :. ¦•¦¦ Portland Loan Office. Stktn.
fcAFES— N't- ar.d second har.d. THE HEP.-
MANN SAFE CO.. <;:-„ Facraraer.to Bt.
FOnTAHLE ?crlres. boilers; Iron and wood !
rlaners. lathes: 2d hand. J. Burke.'ir3 Beale. j
MAGIC lanterns, new ar.d 2d hand; niovir.j? ;
picture.*. EULLARD & RRECK. 121 Post st. j
18-TON Fairbarks ecaie and fire and burglar j
rtroof fife. ~t California Et.
II/-HAND pnctogTaphie and rr.airi'- iar.tem out-
f.:s bo'-rht. sold, cxch&r.ge-i. K-s Montgomery.
J'IRPT-CLASS Recond-har.d roniTr. enptae* and i
boOCTS buua-tlt end sold. KROOH Mfg. Co.
fcAFES— New ard M-cond-hanl: all sires. THE '
WALTZ SAFE. l^-::i Market st-. San Fran, j
A tVEEK'S new* for S <-er.ts — The Weekly Cell. |
16 riatree. In wrarfr, for Tr.a'.Mnp. 71 per year. !
siiscnLi.Axi:or.s wa.ntjs.
r;r:5T-CMFS w<v;!en ir.::! with iarpe capacity ¦
v Isfaea to corre*jK>nd with uj.-w-<;ate lious* to j
handle Pec'fic Coast arcour.t oa b!ar.kcts ar.d ;
raltlr^s: must be tbcrcughly acquainted with ;
trade. Adirfss bcx 47H. Call office.
V.'aNTET>— Fan FrarK-iseo Exa*r!i5er for Xov I
:•.-"; <;ucte price. %V. F. PURNELL. Sacra- ',
Tr.^tf>. C&l. * J
V.' ANTED— Good «eccrid-hand stove; state
rrtr-e- and CiaVe. A. G. P.. 203 Oough rt.
. , , j
GOOD I:r"t farm wa*-"n; ajust be sound arid
cheap. c:un>:, JS East tt
l'ON'T rianc. al^o shaper. wanted. Adiress bcx
41T5. Ca:i effioe.
¦ttANTTD—^t'rrtr-t i!ar:o for cesh. H. L.
vanTTHEAP. :::? Market tt.
l^Alil'CS' and cents* cast-off cltthlrjr bought &
*-'.&. Slvennan. SS* Kolncm: teL Kolsozs Ji'l.
KI-Elx ttili rays be»t price fcr elr.thirie. brtc-
*-"•--* urA r-:.rVs. 105 Sixth tt.: tel. Je«sle HI.
M<» VKV TO LOAX.
ANY ir.a-.ct in 'umiture. piano*, without re- j
ir.o.s.1, cr try other rood eecurity; payable j
back In iii!«:alls>er.t» vr as a whole; if you t
one a t.a'.ar.^ on the j-srehase price we will L
I*}' It fcn'l carry chfc loan &» Ions as you de- I
«ire; m.\rj'.ii r^<j taj^ and pablicity: »e* us '
Srst; you lattj be waited ucon quietly aa1 ;
<;u:. kly. Caj &¦<* Penohe* tldp.. 1170 Market, j
AA— liEST ran-* ar.d t-a-ie*t tcrnis.
Gew.od AJcrtRas««
Ir.t»re*t* in C«tate<»'
;::T-- i ..\lf.f<i Xntcresu tn P.eal Estate
Financial prtti!^! cf all *r>rts ar.d «izes
¦ '0 ly HERMAN m.'RPHY. Gb Market
ANY uutint st V r*-r cent: 1st. M and 3d mort-
caf«, undivided interest, real estate in pro-
bate; moncace* ar1 leKaciea boaght; no de-
:-\ ; pi-; rr.y tenr.* btfere Aoins bu*ir.es« else-
wbtre. It. MeCOLOAN. 14 Montgomery, r. S.
ANY propoejTlofi. any enj-junt: • J>er cent; first.
second inorteaK»«. e*t»te» in probate. Interest
In estate*, le? acle*. eorporaUon lows*, chattel
:r. rtgaj-ef, ;o lanrsaoe. I'.oom IS, first floor.
n r:c!e buildlnr. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
HJCHLV re*fw«ab.e private plae« to obtain
:V-rsl advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
<H rate?. Baldwin Jewe!rv Stcre. MS Market
•• : if) Main 1C44., Brar-.ch 19 Third tt.
*— 3iJ*:(rMi on city »ad ct.-jk try. real estate *nJ
«-t-T-at*»; chattel mr,rtcac«s; note« and col-
'•>-.¦• r*.\f. j. BKOW'NSTONE. 11 Montgomery.
ilO^T reliable pUc* to borrow en diamonds.
watches. Jewelry. TV'. J. HESTHAL. 10 eixth:
h:ra"^rt price Icr old gold, silver, diamonds.
AT Df Kearcy St.. room 9. rerpectable, private
r-t r e to bcrrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rater; t_e elevator. Telephone DavU >9Z
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
'. >&r,rjr; co removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. VI Jcnas st.. cf.rner Eddy...
V.'HY ;*> rr.t? We loan n-.oney to build with;
srr;»i; ir.onthlr payment*. HOME BCILDLNG
COM PA NT. ZS. Eansome sx.. room Z.
ilONEy ,„ loan, xh E McCAETHT COMPANY,
WiUrketK. 1
MOXEY TO LOAN.
TO salaried people without aecority: all busl-
ness confidential. Tousley Co.. 521 Parrott big.
MONEY to loan on furniture by private party,
low rate. &I7 Market St.. room 1.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rra. 44. Merchant*' Ex.. 431 California.
ON furniture and pianos; no removal; confl-
dentiaJ; on diamonds, etc 33 Taylor et.
CASH loaned tcealarled people on note ¦without
indorse,,-. MORRELL, O9 Examiner building.
0}i furniture, pianos, without removal: no coin-
m'.fsion: privet*. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
TO salaried people without collateral or in-
dorser. S. F. Discount Agency. 1« Phe'.an big.
' 1
MtSrtCAL 'OfSTRDMKXTS. ;
DECKER & SON piano* are first class, i
Agency. MACYAIS'. 7€i Market et. j
BUY tl.e best— Decker & Son pianos, estab- '
lj&hed :n _C MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. agents, j
WE eell beautiful Arlington pianos for tSOO. j
en ea^y installments to suit vour conveni- j
er.ee. MAIVAIS", 765 Market st. I
ALL puri tasers cf pisnoa st SHEKM.AN {
CLAY &. CO.'S have the privilege of ex- |
charging for a STEINWAY any time within j
tf.rf* ytars and full purchase price allowed; ;
the Le?t makers of every ;.rade to select from. |
beautiful new upright* $5 cash. $6 per month,
f-orr.e good pianos for $2. $4 and $5 i>er month, i
SHEilMAX, CLAY & CO., STEINWA1*
DEAX.RBS, comer Kearny and Sutter *ts..
fan Frar.ctEco: correr Broadway and Thir-
teenth Rts.. Oakltnd.
AB?OUTELT the largest exclusive wholesale
aj;i retail piano houw west of Chicago.
SPECIAL THIS MONTH.
F.arrains in all standard makes from $vO
to J.''
Agents fcr the Peerlees Heine. Hallett &
Davu. P-oM^n's eldest and most famous piano,
»!fo liehr Brc*. and 10 other makes.
Pian->s rented; rent allowed on purchase.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 21T Geary st.
A GOOD riano in good condition....^ $75
A fine Haliet * Davis 140 j
Fi&cher, ep'.endid condition 175 !
1 Shaw, 2 Cunaz, 3 Sterile*, slightly used,
at sacrifice prices; easy payments. BENJ.
CUP.TAZ & SON. everything in the music !
!:ne. 36 O'Farrell et. ; Chlrkerlng agency.
AESOLVTELY ibe ..!icst and largest house \
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S, ii. I
rs and 23 O'Farreli st.: pianos, oreans and j
fcll other rcujlcal instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done tu please and satisfy the
customer.
VIOLIN s:r!r.cs; never wet; best in the world;
maklrg ani repairing cr all kinds oi musical
Instruments. Carl C AniJerson. 417 Geary st.
JUST received— Two carloads of fine pianos;
special sale opens Monday; a beautiful piano,
r.X'. DEWING' S. Flood building.
GOOD K'Jare piano. $50; terme reasonable,
leaving city. MRS. J. T. PA VIS. IC6 Jones.
ELEGANT Sohmer upright, pood as new, and
other great bargains. BRUENN. 2CS Post »t.
ELEGANT 3-redal upright: must be sold In 5 |
days: leaving city. Z2i Golden Gat© ave.
FINE J-p*tlal upright plane; sacrificed ca ac- S
rc-jnt d sickness. 907 McAU'.ster st.
BK in the twlm. rent a new piano for $3 per
rnor.-h. gCOTT-Cl-RTAZ CO.. 5ft> Hayes bt.
A cleaning out cf pianos fer storage: dirt cheap;
installments. Wilson's Storage. 1710 Market.
AT KEEFFES. SS3 Market «., 4 elegant up-
r:ghts at your own price. Shonir.ger agency.
A BAROAIX: mat re jtold: nice upright piano
PPKMITZ. :« McAllister «t.. next Hlb. Bank.
SOHMER & CO.. iiyroa Mauzy. Gfcbler. Speil-
man and nthtr pianos. 20$ Post rt.
SUPERIOR violin*, zithers, old and new. TT
MT'LLER. rraV.er. rr-r^irer. 2 Latham place.
UIGH-ORADE ri«'".o-: Steck. Hardman. Con-
"v» A- f t*-er«. Tt M.IXN CO . 314 Ptwt.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
LARGE elegant store and basement; K3 Va'en- >
cia st . near 21st; business center; tultabi* !
fcr eny bu^'.r.es".
SVNNT comer store: fixtures; living rooms at- j
tached; suitable for any business. 64S Minna- '
LARGE elegant stcre _d basement: S33 Va- •
ler.cla si., near 2!st; business center.
HJ— CORNER store; 2 rooms. Cellar. JIJ Bry- ;
ant rt., between First and Second. j
PALMISTRY.
MME. NEERGAARD, Vfi Post; tel. Hyde ?»S3;
hours 1 to 5 eve., and Sunday by appointment, i
H. JEROME FOSSELLI. scientific palmist^ lli
Ta^l" »t i--»t r,f^- ar.d Pr^t: tel B1;i<-k :-^1
PEHSOXALS.
WIDOWER. 4\ desires acquaintance cf a i
young, intelligent lady: object, matrimony;
DO tr:f!e r j. Box 27C2. Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED gentleman in good position ;
wouM like to riake the acquaintance of re- j
Ej.-e<rtaMe girl cr widow; object, matrimony. |
R-x 1~~A, Call cff.ee.
WIDOWER, tZ years, rn'.ld disposition and i
some ir.«-aris, wishes to form acquaintance of j
lady not younger than 40; must be Protestant ,
and kind ciy^igltion; object, matrimony. Ad- j
dress box 47*2, Ca!l office. !
MAN. 36, with a home short distance In the 1
country, desire* the acquaintance of lady or |
widow cl»ut fame sire, with view to rr.atri- j
troriv. Box 272%, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED German, with elegant home j
and good position. dej;re« acquaintance of ;
nUd-Jl^-ageii refine German lady of means; !
no trtSere: matrimony. EX R., b-:.x 27CS, Call, j
WANTED-By sober "hus'nese man of DO. a lady '
cf good adiress; object ma.:r;mony. Bcx 2C3, i
<*ail cfSte.
YOUNG man, J3. with means, desires to form
the acquaintance cf a German working girl; j
ctject matrimony. Box 47i?. Call office.
ATTRACTIVE lady, wealthy ar.i kind, will be !
devoted wife to kind husband. Amiable. 771 '.
North Park ave.. Chicago, 111. :
SECRETS that win: knowledge that pays; '
science that brings business and social sue- J
cess: rures disease end bad habits; wins love '
er.d friendship: e rat!9>« ambitions; gives won- j
rierful pr^wer ar.d control over others: you can i
learn at home: write to-day for our elegantly i
iiiastrated book, which fully explain* all the '
hidden mysteries of Personal Masnetism, j
Hypnotism, Magnetic Healing, etc.: it's free.
Address New York Institute cf Science, Dept. \
117 A. Rochester. N. Y. }
LADIES— Bust enlarged 6 Jncnes: harmlw; !
flto guarantee : proof free. LEONARD MED1- '
CINE CO.. Kansas City. Kar.s.
KODAK films 34xJij developed oniy :> r*r !
rclL Rembrandt Studio. VA Market, cor. Stktn. I
LEDEF.ER 'j«es and sells Scheffler's Colorine. j
7.7c box. He restores hair to natural color, j
Jl 75 to $.*: hairdresslng, 2ic. 123 Stockton st.
THE Star Hair Remedy never falls to restore j
pray and farted hair to natural color, cure j
dandruff, ilehirur scalp and eczema, etop fail-
ing, grow new hair; sold by hairdre?5Ts and
droirgl^t?: ask for" it: take no other. The Star
Remedy Company. San Francisco.
LEDERER'S Foarr.o Shampoo Is the best. Zc
pkg. : balrdressir.g lateet styles only 2ic.
ARE you der'rous cf finding a reliable place i
fT a!l scalp and hair affections; a good j
Eharr.poo and »<ralp treatment combined for ii I
cents; ccnFuiratlon free. MRS. E. R. DUN- |
LAP. 6 Eddy St.. S. F.. fourth floor.
ELECTROLT?1S destroys superfluous hair, t
n-.o'.es. etc.; references; trial free. MISS j
EATON. 1119 Sutter St. . ]
LEDEP.ETt'P Qulntonica, Hair Tonic; extract
cf quinine bark: perfectly harmless; very
l>crieflcial: 2Sc Lottie.
RAO cairets wove to oraer and for sale; alsa
chcniHe-wove rugs, silk portieres: dealer In
carpet twine. Jn hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO.- MATTHEWS. 709 Fifth. Oaklanl
HIGHEST rrhrei' fnr cast-off clothing; call or
send r«»tal. CZZ Clay st. *
MME. AHA. wontierful gifted healer. 1104 Mar-
ket, r. 3 <v 4. cures spinal trouble, rheumatism,
blindness, paralysis ai»! all nervoue diseases, j
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rat?*: 10 j
ye2rs* exr>er:ence. J. B. RAT. 257 Jessie «t. ,
THE HL'DSON RIVER CO..
HOPICE BROS.
Mattre*fc« &r.<i r-tllows made to order, recov-
ered and renovated; hone*t work guaranteed: j
prices def«- competition; fine upholstery; j
phone K0?;' faftory, 31S and 320 Eleventh st,; •
£m-cla?s cleaning and dyeing. 12S OTarreU I
et.. rear Powell. San Francisco. j
ni.ECTRIC lirhts In every room— Winchester ;
Hotel. 44 Third *t-. near Market: 700 rooms;
J5c to II 53 per night; |1 W to J5 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SITITS to order on Installments: $15 upward: I
Jl a week/ LEON LHMQS. 1117 Market «t..
between Seventh and Eighth.
SUITS to order from $;5 up on easy payments.
The Richelieu. "00 Market St.. near Geary. "
StTITS to order on «-any payments. Art Tailor-
ing Co.. 1C44 Mkt,. under Bt. Nicholas Hotel.
OLD edd, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought J. R- JENKEL. S17 Market Bt.
HAIR culekly curled or waved by using Tal-
cott'a oorling f.uld; Sc a bottle: druggist*.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to iu natural eclor; fl. at all druggliti.
CAST-OFF clothing, old gold and »llver bought;
send postal. COLEMAX'S. £06 Kearny at.
A WEEK'S new» fcr 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pace*. In wrapper, fcr mailing, tl per year.
PHYSICIANS AAD Sl'RGEO.XS.
DR, C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
I0H!i Market »t, be>weea Sixth and Seventh,
REAL. ESTATE CITY — FOB SALE.
G. H. UMBEEN & CO..
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
14 MONTGOMERY ST.
SU.EOO — Rents tlMO per annum; S elegant new
modern flats of 8. 7 and T rooms and
bath each; one of the best residence lo-
calities In the Western Addition; 25x100.
IE2S0— Rents $720 per annum; Post st. and
rear street: 2 flats and house! ;5:10xl3).
J10.250— Rents J?I4 per annum; prominent street
Inside of Van Ness ave.; rood renting
locality; 2 two-story houses and cot-
tage; 4:xl27:SH-
SIO.OOO— Rents tS60 per annum: Ellis «t.. 2 ele-
gant new modern flats if 7 rooms and
bath ea^h; 23x150 to rear street.
JJOOO— Rents $;*4 per annum; business corner
' on Fillmcre st.; store and flat; good
business location; bath streets acceptfd
by the city.
J5500 — A barrain; Post st- residence: substan-
tial f.vo-Etory bay-window house of 9
nxims, etc., etc.
JC400— Rents JC60 per annum: r.ear Fourth and
Folsom Ets.: € substantial fiats: must
be Bold to close the estate; price has
been greatly reduced anu no reasonabls
orter will be refi:e?d; 41:2x59.
$o2S0— Rents J782 per annum; price greatly re-
duced: to close the estate; near Sixth
and Harrison sts. ; 7 flats and lot aOxSO;
this is a bargain and no reasonable
oSer «"!ll be refused.
$14,000— Rents IKS0 per annum: a splendid in-
vestment; must be sold on account of
owner being a non-resident; flats of o
rocms each; lot £0x337:6 feet; Western
Addition.
$3700— Rents $4i2 per annum; near Sixth and
Bryant fits.; 3 fiats of 4 rooms each and
stable; 23x&:6.
J35PO— Rents J34S per annum: Bryant st.; 2
flats of € and 5 rooms: lot 25xS0 feet.
$3000— Rents iZZQ per annum: corner on Pa-
cific St.; etore ar.d 2 flats.
$3000— Rents K^S per annum; business ccrner
near Twenty-third and Valencia sls. ;
store and flat; 29x76.
SliOO — Very cozy cottage of 5 rooms and bath;
near Thirteenth, and Sar.chez sts. ; easy
terms.
$14»— Rents $16$ per annum: near Jackson
and Mason Bts. ; double house of i
rooms each and lot.
$_0 — Rents $I?2 per annum; half block from
Third ft. electric cars; 2 flats cf 4
rooms each; SfttlCO.
New pocket map of Ean Francisco County,
ZZ- cents.
Choice list of building lots in all parts of
the city at prices to suit.
Call and obtain one of our "Real Estate
Records," which contains a list of properties
ior sale in every part of the city.
G. H. UMBSEK & CO.,
14 Montgomery Bt.
N. H. LANG & CO., 40 Monteomery St., ex-
clusive dealers in probate and bank realty.
Reduced $3600 to $3:00; 4 flats, only 1H blocks
from Market st. and new Postofflce; yearly
Income J120, less water, ta^es and Insurance
$S3 40. pays $13 £-5 on the hundred and almrst
5 tim»s mere than bank Interest; 6teadily
rented; situate on sunny side: large trick
foundation and is a great investment for the
money.
1C eleear.t building lets at only $50 per front
foot; right in the Park Panhandle, near Ma-
eonic ave. and Haight. Bt.; double electric cars
in front of the property: streets graded and
sewered; mrney absolutely needed for mining
machinery this week; last chance for builders
in this district until Balrd estate is distrib-
uted.
Six modern flats and large let, £0 foot front-
aire, on the best resident street of the West-
ern Addition; electric cars at both corners:
pays closely to $ir.00 per year; improvements
alone cost $14,300 only € years &s?o: price only
$12,000 (including lot worth S>*00): present
owner was offered $IS.COO for this same prop-
erty 14 months ago; nothing In the market
can touch this for location, ir.come or price.
Another foreclosure sale: near Fourth and
Harrison ets.; store and flats: always rented;
same tenants fcr 5 years at $35 p-er month:
street accepted, ar.d Is cne of the best resi-
dence streets south of Market St.; over tZn.-
000.000 invested within 3 to 5 blocks of this
property recently by heavy speculators for
manufacturing purposes; $4000— maybe a ilttie
less— will secure this snap.
Reduced from J6C*V> to $J2?.0; 2 strictly mod-
ern flats, clcse to Haigfct St.. in the Panhan-
dle, renting for $*0 per m^nth; $4>«> cash anl
e building lot worth $2000 Just been refused
for these charming flats: owner wants U. S.
coin; needed immediately in business; the lot
is almost a &>-vara in depth; here is your
only chance: cannot be duplicated for $7000.
N. H. LANG & CO.. 4f> Montgomery st.. ex-
clsive dealers in probate and bank realty.
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO. (Inc.).
M3 CALIFORNIA ST.
IMPRO\ED.
riJ.OGO— -Corner Green and Powell sts.; 70x7u;
three-story building; rents $132.
$12,500 — Union ft., near Taylor; three modern
flats anl r*ar house: 25:9x123:9; rents $57.
$SCO0— Ellis St.. near Octavia; £5x120; house of
S rooms and bath.
S71iC — Van Ness ave., near Pacific ave.; 23x
lOu: house of 12 rooms.
J6SC0— Hayes st.. near Buchanan; 23x120 to rear
street; he/use of 9 rooms.
{ofico— Vallejo st.. near Mason: 4S:l»ixl27:6.
with an L: two flats aod rear house: rents $61.
j6K«0— Foiscm Et.. near Eighth; ZSxSO; two
fiat«; rents $<6.
$5250— California St.. near Baker; 25:3xS2:6;
three fiats; rents $42 SO. •
$y/A_Green st., n»ar Dupont; 15:6xS0; three
bay-wlr.dow flats; rents $o5.
iuom— Rents $75 per month; ccrner two main
streets in northern part cf city.
$4^<0— Kearny st.. near Union; SOxSO to rear
street; two houses; rents $25 25.
$4250 — Webster St., near Filbert; 25x100; 6-room
cetiaze.
$27«~C<rntral ave.. nr. Hayes; 25xlD0; store
and 4 rooms anJ bath.
I'N IMPROVED.
$7<vv) — Corner Guerrero and Fourteenth: 6?x5S.
$7>j0 — Valencia Et.. near Twenty-sixth; 60xSK).
Corner Bryant and Twenty-second sts.; will
subdivide; laxlOO.
$4GC*;— Church st.. near Twenty-sixth: 100x100.
J300O— Fulton, near Fillmore: 22:€xl37.6.
J3f«iO — Laguna St.. near Page; 25xlfcO.
$2750 tach— Post' St., near Devlaadero; 2 lots.
$;cno—Wal!«-r Ft.', near Stanyan; 25x100. .
$17£»— Corner Castro and Alrarado; 20:6x105.
$1^(0— Sutter Ft., near Lyon: 3o:3xl(0.
BOVEE. TOT & PONNTAG. ~
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
Rents Collected. Houses Rented and Full
Charce Taken cf Property.
€24 MARKET ST.
$15.000— SplenCid NE. cor., on McAllister St.;
Z stores and i f.ats; rents for $1£5 per month.
$1S.o00— Mission-st. corner, near leth st., front-
ing on *S streets and all Improved; rents $170
per month.
J17..v>o— Ijta and improvements n->rth side of
Broadway, near Octavia; large frontage: boau-
tiful garden; good substantial residence of 16
rooms.
$12.00C — Desirable corner on 7th »t.. near Post-
office: stores «n<i flats: rents $100 per month.
$6'/00— Modern flats on Washington st., near
Devlsadero; north side of stm-t; large lot;
jood income.
VZOn — Western Addition residence of 11 .rooms;
2 "Florins snd Ti^s^itipti* j rno^i^rn siid ftrtistic in
every respect; .handsomely decorated and fin-
ished.
$4300— Modern S-room Ea*tl«ke dwelling in
Western Addition; brick foundation; flne gar-
den: modern plumbing: street bltuminlzed.
J2M0— Substantial flats south of Market Ft..
In good condition and on a good street; rents
for $26 per month; 25-foot lot.
$2400—3 flats near Taylor Bt. and Broadway:
24-foot let: rents $2« per month; blturolnized
street.
S:000— Fine Richmond lot near Clement st.
and Second ave. Particulars of BOVEE, TOY
& SONNTAG.
FOR SALE BY '
HAWKS & SKELTON.
S23 Montgomery st.
$5,000— Chestnut, near Hyde-st. car*; good
house. 6 rocms, 3 years old: improving
eection: 35 minutes from Montgomery
Et. ; view of bay.
$10 600 — Corner lot: Hyde and Francisco; secure
view of bay; improving location; 13; X
137: will subdivide.
$5.500— Pine St., near Van N.«ss av* : old
buildings; rent nominal ;"*t;xi;3; this Is
a ha:;r. ".:-..
$2,000— Corm-r lot, Montgomery ave. and Tay-
lor St.: very cheap; if Improved will
pay well.
$11.000— SW. cor. Scott and Green: 53x110. -
tS.2iO — W. Scott, near Green; 55x110; choice
location; view of bay.
HAWKS & SKELTON. £!2 Montgomery stl
DON'T DELAY. ~
Buy a home for your rent money and be ln-
der-endent cf the landlord.
Five-room and bath: latest design; en Hoff-
man ave.. Heyman Tract; *i block from the
electric car.
Also four-room and bath on Hoffman «av».
James Cotter is agent en the tract. JACOIi
HEYMAN. owner and builder. 117 Sutter St.
HEALTH RESORT.
Ocean Beach park lots for sale. JACOB
HETMAX. 117 Sutter at.
JSr* — NEW *-room house and large basement,
near Cortland ave.. on $10 monthly pay.
menu. JACOB HEYMAN. 117 Sutter st.
VALENCIA-ST. business property; near Six-
%renth St.; rents J100 per month; pays 9 p«r
»nt on price asked.
$4300— Substantial residence of 8 rooms and
bath: Post st., near Tlllman; fold to close an
estate.
$45 — Lots TOUth of the park. JEROME ENG-
LISH. 11 Montgomery St.
$2S— THREE lots nicely located south of Park-
easy terms. $3000— 6-room cottage near Baker
and Sacramento Ets. *J25O— 2 flats. Western
Addition; take cottape Mission part payment.
J1C25 — A snap; cottage. Berkeley; large lot;
y cash. I. C. SCHARFF, SO Montgomery st.
$2250— BUSINESS corner lot on California <=t •
32:6xl"J feet. G. H. UMBSEN £z CO.. Real
Estate Agents. 14 Montgomery Et.
3 LOTS on Boyce tL. near ca?t end of Point
Lobos ave.; make offer. FOWLER & CO
J413 Call building.
COMFORTABLE home, 8 rooms and bath; lot
25x112; also rear house, 3 rooms. Apply own-
er, cigar stand. Sixteenth and Mission its. |
REAL ESTATE: CITY FOR SALE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
J1200.
Cottaee. S rooms and bath; 23x114; Day st.
$1550.
Nineteenth ave., Potrero; 137:6xlS4; 6-room
cottaee; snap.
$3750.
OTarrell-st. residence; 6 roorss and bath;
must be sold.
$5150.
$1000 cash only; Folsom et. home; lot 33x100;
bargain.
$4000.
Worth $5000; I houseE, near Valencia and 14th;
lot SO feet; etreet wide and bitumlnlzed.
$17W CASH.
Store and flat; near 4th and Market; S33M can
remain on bank mortgage; rents $600 a year;
big interest.
$2100.
Rents J2S4; cheapest and best Investment la
town; near Jacltson and Mason sts.
$5700.
Mortgage $3000 to bank can remain ; Washlng-
ton-st. residence: rar£?n. etc
$£400.
Rents $30; Etore and flat; Folsom 6t.. near
Fourth.
$4000.
Rents $30; ! flats; $4 block from Market and
Fourth £ts.
$300 CASH.
New ccrner cottage on Lagana St., near Union
Et. cars; i rooms' and bath.
JliCO.
Building lot on Stanyan St., near Golden Gate
Park. i
flOC-0 CASH, i
J2-430 mortgage; Ciara ft., near 4th; store and
tenements; rents f3i» per month.
$37:.O.
Rents $36 per month; Dolores st.; ccrner; 2
flats; very nice.
119.000.
Kents $177 50; 3 elegant new Neb Hill flats.
514.500.
53x100; Bush Et. business corner; store and
i dwellings.
i BALDWIN & HOWELL.
General Keal Estate Agents,
10 Montgomery st.
j BUILDING LOTS.
I Opposite new Park entrance.
On line of H st. electric cars.
Fronting GcMen Ga:e park
And Nineteenth-ave. boulevard.
Close to Strawberry Hill and
All Park attractions.
PRICES LOV%— YOUR OWN TERMS.
Money Advanced If You Desire to Build.
Gas and Water Service.
Call at or.ee at our branch office (open week
days. Sundays and holidays), ccrner of H st.
and Ninth live., south of Golden Gate Park,
¦ and ask to t.<- shown these beautiful lots. Full
! particulars and price lists also at our office.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 11 Montgomery st.
MADISON & BURKE, Real testate Agents,
C2S Market Et., opp. Palace Hotel.
Established _8.
Stevenson Et. near Third, clcse to center of
city; good building; only $5200; 20x70.
Post it., near Jones; great future; lot 26:3x
1J7:€: Bold to clcse an estate.
$17,000— Fulton ft., between Polk st. and Van
Ness ave.; lot oCxlfO to Ash ave.
j $0500 — Capp st., near Twenty-third; rents $E5;
i nats all rented; 37:5xlT2:6.
! California St., adjoining comer Polk; lot SQx
I £7:6; must be sold to close an estate.
j $M00— Baker Et., r.ear Sacramento: S rooms
I and bath; in perfect order; 25:6xlK:8.
| $;soo— Bryant st.. near Seventh: 2 cottages;
j rents $20; "lot iOxSO.
! Two fiats; always rented: Sixteenth et.. near
I Market: rents JCS: reduced from $4000 to make
j quick sale; cost $3C0O to build.
I Good residence Nation; eunny side Nine-
j teenth St., near Valencia; good Improvements;
! lot 25x&; a bargain.
I $:600— Elizabeth st.. near Castro; store and
j Cats; rents $30; lot 25x114.
1 $C50-Octavia *t.. r.ear Kaight; an elegant
1 let for modern flats; 37:€xlCO.
i Offer wanted for an elegant modern ccttig-e
i home; 5 roorr.s ar.d bath; lot 24x100; Potrero
i ave.. 'near Twenty-second Et.
1 $;<r.0— Cottage and lot; Twenty-third St.. near
'¦ Diamond: 4 rooms and bath; modern corveni-
enccs;
¦¦ j;ioo — Clement St.. near Thirty-second ave. :
' store and flat; 9 rooms; used as saloon and
: Ltxirdine-house; 24ilCO.
i $CCSO— Pleasant home in the Mission; near mil
; and Valencia st,.: 7 gjngyg*
ty- Market ft., oip. Palace H.Hfl.
LYON & HOAG,
114 Mcr.teomery st. .
ULOCO— Octavia Ft., north of Haight; fine N.w.
comer 60x30, with good imrrovements; j
well rented: bound to increase in value;
• sold to close an estate.
$6 M0— Rent $37 50; offer wantea: brand new
flats In very best portion of growing
Park Panhandle district; lot 2Cxll5; no
better fiats for sale in- the city at the
price; must be sold at once.
$4,000— Kert J14; a grand opportunity to pet a
barpain; g.iod 2-story building: 2 stores
and flat: in f.ne locntinn at the Mission.
J $«,7^0— In first block from Park Panhandle, near I
i Fell St.; f^lendld modern residence, Sj
rooms, bath, etc. |
I $13,500— Rent $1370 r>cr annum; near Fillmcre j
and Bush st?.; flat?;, extra large lot; Mx j
125; double frontage; good Investment.
J3,~0— Mark^t-st. Int. near Fourteenth; north
Fide of street; better buy this;
will certain ly advance in value; street
accented: must be sold to close an es-
tate; offer wanted.
$110,M9— Choice downtown property; ir. best
retail business section; north of Market;
! 4-story building: pays over $7000 per an-
num; extra larse let.
LYON & HOAG.
114 Montgomery st.
i FOR PALE TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
j 42 LOTS
In the block bounded by Fillmore. Steiner.
Vnlcn end Green sts.
$12^1 AND UPWARD.
Street work done; lots on grade with street;
2 lines of cars pass the property.
WESTERN ADDITION.
This is the last Western Addition block to
be subdivided; east of Pteiner st.; you will j
never have another opportunity to purchase j
a lot In the Western Adlitinn for $U,"^ on
an accepted street: charming situation;
comraar.Js magnificent views of the bay a.r.d
Marln County mountains, anl close to the |
most fashionable resider.ee section cf the j
¦ S?eV THESE LOTS AT ONCE.
Fnlendid lots for residences or flat?: good i
lots to hold for the future; take Union or i
Filimore st. cars. LYON & HOAG, i
. 114 Montgomery st.
i FINE LOTS
j FINE LOTS
i Three splendid lots on Vallejo St., near La-
' jrur.a: marine view; street work done; owner
! desires tt) sell at once; offer wanted.
i Beautiful ccrner lot on Paeiflc ave.. In Pi-
! cific Heights, with marine and city view; 45x100
| feet; price s$12.0O0
i Any sire lot on Clay St.. In Presidio Heights.
I ready to build on. only $K> per front foot.
INVESTMENTS.
$17,000— A fine business property on best of
crosstown business etreet; steady tenants; pays
flne interest.
$11.000 — Three modern flats. 7 rooms each,
Fillmore et.. near Hayes; rents J1C2 DO monthly,
wide lot.
$S2S0— Two new flats, 7 nnd 8 rooms; near
! Park and Panhandle; rent $J2 50 monthly; wide
lot.
{50CO— Two nice flats ef 5 and 6 rocms: near
Twenty-first and Valencia sts.; always rented
at $45 monthly.
$X00— Two flats of 3 and 4 rooms: near Twen-
ty-fourth and Sanchez sts.; rent $25 monthly;
cheap.
tiiOO — Residence of 7 rooms; Webster St.. near
California: very cheap.
$7000— Nine-room house on Ellis St.. near La-
jsuna; lot 23x120 to rear street; a good bny.
McAFEE BROTHERS,
10S Montgomery st.
JOHN TFORR. 492 Pine street
j Opposite Nevaria Bank. !
I $»n.r»— Mission st., near Sixth; a first rate 1
investment: lot iT,xSQ, with 2 13-room houses'
9 tine fjui!3ine tot* on Thirteenth tt. and
Clinton Park, only a few feet west of Valencia-
Will be boW very reasonable.
fo7S | }-Rent £.-'$ rer annum; 3-story, store
and 2 flats; a very snug snail business prop-
erty.
$11.000 — Rent SIM per month; corner property
let r>4xS0. with four houses, stores and flats.
$vto— A pood house on Sacramento st., near
Fillmore. 12 rooms, bath, conservatory, etc
$3000— Rent $32: a double flat and a cottage
in the rear: o bargain.
$S*0O— Itent *7S" i«er annum; on Fillmcre st
4 flne flnts; lot 5OxS0.
THE TERMINAL CITY. ~ "
SANTA FE.
TERMINUS SANTA FE RAILRO VD
At POINT RICHMOND/^
On October *0 ths price of all lots will be
increased 25 per cent.
¦ McEWEN BROS.. US Montcomery eL
SOLE AGENTS Santa Fe
The Terminal City.
flSOO-FOPvECLOSURE sale, 6 room cottage on
Twenty-sixth Et.; can arronpe easy terms
$300 cash, balance like rent; new modern
cottage homes. •
J10 cash, balance $5 monthly: lots on the
preat Nineteenth-ave.. boulevard; are bound
to increase; low prices.
McEWEN BROS.. IIS Montgomery Bt.
FOR SALE— TO BE REMOVEdT "
By order of the board of trustees of Calvary
Presbyterian Church.
Bid? will be received on or before October
19 at 3 p. m.. for the purchase of the follow-
ing numbered houses as a whole or sepa-
rately: •
Nos. 2410-12 Jackson St.; Nos. 2501-S-5-7-9-J1.
13 and 15 Fillmore jt. D!ds will include fence*
' and outhouses, except the fences of 2317-13
Fillmore st. Bids will be addressed to S H.
KENT. Builders' Exchange, 40 New Mont-
Eomer> st.
Board reserves tie right to reject any pr all
REAL ESTATE CITY— *TOH. ¦ »AT.K.
EASTOX. ELDRIDGE & CO.. __ __
62S MAR3CET BT.
BIO PATTS'G MISSION INVESTMENT.
$S,75»-Rent3 $935 per annum; all rented; 4 Cne
modern flats of 5 and 6 rooms and bath
and rear house: lot 43x110 feet; Sixteenth
at., near Valencia.
JOXES-ST.' RESIDENCE. *^. m L-
»8.M0 REDUCED FROM tUWO
Oa that elegant residence block on Jones
"st.. between Clay and Sacramento; lot
27:6x1^) feet; & rooms and bath.
PATS 14 PER CENT.
ENAF-ON LARKIN tsT.-BARGAES.
$5,000— Xear Pine Et.; rents $70 per month; I
fine fiats.
SOUTH OF MARKET BUSINESS PROPERTY
$4,aC&-Store and 4 flats; rents $1S per month.;
all rented: modern and up to date; near
Kolsom and Sixth sts.
CAX ARRANGE TERMS IF DESIRED.
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE. *
J3.500— Make offer; - flats of 5. 4 and 3 rooms;
rents $37 60 per month; near Eighth and
Howard sts.
SOUTH OF MARKET COTTAGE. |
SL900— Langton st., near Harrison; C-room cot- J
tatc; lot CCxSO feet.
DOC CASH.
JUST ONE LEFT OF THOSE
lovely sur.ny modern flats; percelain
bath, tile mantels, etc.; the rent you re-
ceive pays the balance
BARGAINS IX LOTS.
H.0CO— Fine level lots on Ashbury Heights, sur-
rounded by new and modern fiats and
residences.
tloO — Or-. McAllister St.; 15x137:6 fret.
J600— Southeast corner Eighteenth ave. and i
California st. ; 32:4x5:fi fet-t.
EASTOX. ELDRIPGE & CO..
£2S Market si !
. mzz " j
AUCTION!
AUCTION!
AUCTION! j
TUESDAY. OCTOBER 16. 1900. ;
AT II O'CLOCK NOON".
At our Salesroom. 62S Market St.
DOWNTOWN BUSINESS PROPERTY.
No. 757 Howard St., near Fourth; 2 stores
with 2 rooms each, and apartment house of 17
rooms ard r<ircelain bath ar.d rear house 4
roocis; rents $35 per month; lot Sxl'3 feet.
CAPP ST. RESIDENCE.
No. 842 CapD st.. near Twenty-fourth; house
7 rooms and bath; lot MxD5 feet.
FILLMORE ST. CORNER LOT.
Southeast corner Germania and Fi'.lniore sts.;
lot 24zSl:3 feet.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
No. 79 Converse St., near Bryant; 2 flats
1 rooms each and rear house 3 rooms; rtnts %Zi>.
SOUTH OF MARKET STORE AND FLATS.
No. 2SS Shirley St.. near Sixth; store and 3
rooms and 2 flats above of 4 and S rooms; also
2 rear fiats of 3 rooms; all rented; $43 per
month.
MISSION WAP.M BELT FLATS.
16S-70 Lexington ave., near Nineteenth St.: 2
flats of 4 ar.d 5 rooms and bath; rents $32 50;
lot r-xSO feet.
ASHEURT HEIGHTS LOTS.
East fide Tremont ave.. 72 feet south of
Frederick St.; 3 lots KxS3 feet; on terms.
WESTERN ADDITION STORE AND FLAT. .
No. U15-17 Pacific st.. near Hyde; store and
3 rooms and flat of 5 roonis; rents iz. per
month: lot 20x73 feet.
GUARDIANSHIP PALE-
PEREMPTORY SALE-TO HIGHEST BJD-
DER-XO RESERVE.
Five larce lots located north of the Park In
the Richmond District, as r»er catalogue.
MISSION RESIDENCE. ;
West side. No. 1504 Church st . near Twenty- i
Fevezth; modem house 7 rooms and bath; '.j
xSi feet.
NORTH BEACH HOME.
No. 1 Randall st.. near Greenwich; 2-ij5 feet:
house j rooms ard basement.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
6*S Market st.
GEOnGE M. WILJXOX.
AtUDda personally to the purchase or Rale cr
general ir>.ar.atrenu-nt of Real Eatate. Including
the collection and remittance of rents.
CiS MONTGOMERY STREET.
GILT EDGE INVESTMENTS.
?20 OCC — S per cent per year guaranteed for five
years: Clay-Ft. dwelling: fr$xl37:6.
$23,000— Fays 7 per cent; Eacramento-Bt. busi-
ness property; L0x48. - ...
117.000— Pays 3 per cent; Howard-st. lodging-
house; KxSO.
113 000— Pays 7 per cent; Stelner-st. stores and
flats; 43x70.
$12.C*y>— Pays 12 per cent; Jackscn-st. business
property: 4:>xl37:£.
J12,«*— Pays S per cent; Harrison-st. dwel:-
1 10,' 000— Fays 7 per cent: Unlor.-st. stores ar.a
Bats; 45x137:6.
tKCO— Pays 10 per cent; Buchanan-st. stores
and flats: 37:«x£2:6.
U.SCO— Pays 10 i>er cent; dwellings, near Lar-
kin ar.d Clay sts.
$3i00— Pays D per cent: Oakland business prop-
$3150— Pays 10 per cent: IS lots near Mission
road, on five years' lease.
RESIDENCES.
jSP, ooo— Franklin st.; corner, near Jackson; 17
rcom?: £5x137:6.
JSO.POO — Jackycn et; corner, near Webster; 14
rncnis: 60x110.
$7300— Presidio Heights: 10 rocms: JSxl38.
j45Wt_Xir.cteenth st., near Brjant; C-room cot-
tage: COxlQO.
f^SO— Fifteenth av«. South: 9 rooms; TjilCO.
UNIMPROVED.
jj.XO — Jackson el., near Eaker; north side;
502100.
KZfQ— Howard St.. near Seventh: :Sx90.
$3nfO_Bu«h St.. near Lairuna; 27:6x137:5.
$1^0— Fifteenth St.. near Market; 25x106.
jljjy, — Sacramento st., near Locust, 23x100.
IliftO— Facraraento st.. near Spruce; 25xlC0.
HSTfi—Ccrttond ave., corner Moultrie; 3CafiO.
•1210— Jfffer?on ave., corner Moultrie: 30x70.
S10C0— Kunnydale ave.. bet. Sawyer and Loehr;
ir€xrr6.
?2W each— Rutledge ave.: two lots; 50x70; ln-
s-tallmc-nts.
tir.O each— Vemon st.. four lots; 23x100; ln-
stallrr.er.ts.
$150 each — Marshall St.: two lots; 23x100.
J6"— In Visitation Valley: 2^xl'?0.
GEORGE M. WILIiCOX.
KS Montgomery 8t.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
ROOM ;¦*. CHRONICLE BUILDING
, (Our New Office.)
Prices of Everything Have Risen.
Real Estate Values Are Sure to Follow.
Euy a Let Not at Our Low Prices.
ONLY J7«>-CORNERS J10C0-THINK OF IT!
Graded Richmond lots on Sixth Rnd Seventh
aves., near Point Lobes, on installments; oniy
a few more to sell: secure one quick.
BEAUTIFVL SUNSET LOTS-
ALL BARGAINS.
tiOQ to $$00— Lots graded, streets macadam-
ized: superb view; protected from winds; no
drifting rand: opposite new m>j*ic stand -
splendid car service; or.ly $10 monthly.
$73, $100. $1W to $330— Nineteemh-ave. lots
and to the Ocean boulevard; one-third less
their value; $5 monthly.
$100 to |I:.0— Level lot*, clcse to MisMoa and
£an Mateo electric car lir.es; $5 monthly.
Branch office. Ninth a>-e. and H st.. Sunset:
cpen every day and Sunday.
Call for Maps and Diagrams.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
(New Office) Room 54. Chronicle building;.
CHOICE REAL. EPTATK INVESTMENTS
' — AT —
A. M. FPECK & CO.\S. 6*7 Market ft.
$53.000 — Finest Investment ever offered; let 1SK*
feet front on Ellis ft.; grand improve-
ments; rents. KOCO; no chance in city
ever offered to equal this.
J40.00A— Pays $370: grand ccrner: all rented.
$<;.u00— Pays S per cent net: errand ccrntr; oce
tenant: lease 5 ypjr*.
$30.000— Rents $C72: new improvements.
$21,000— Four stores and S flats; rents $itt; 73
a. feet front: fine 1-arjtain.
W51.-, 5^0 — Ker'« $143: new improvements.
*10,2iO— Third Et. business property, 31-foot
. I front
- $10,000— Elegant flats, not far from Van Ness
ave.: rents $11CO.
$3,000— Grand investment: 100 feet front, with
improvements, renting for $100 a
month.
I^poo—Store property on Ninth St., near Mar-
ket; very cheap.
$7.500 — Rents J70; new fiats: near Van Ness
- ave.
$4,000 — Four flats; all rented for $45.
A. M. SPKCK & CO.. 667 Market st.
IOT for sale: 27*i feet fronting on Chenerv and
Palmer els.. S. F. Address C43 L*nden Bt.,
Oakland.
C. C. BEMIS. Real Estate and General Land
A cent. 124 MontKOtcery Et.
Make effer— Northeast corner Tweritr-eevesth
and Douglass sts.; must be sold; S?xlli feet.
J1600— North line Carl St.. near Stanyan: 23x
137:6 feet. J
o-noOM modern home. Pres!dio Height*. $9500;
easy terms. THE MCCARTHY COMPANY.
646 Market st. '
FOR sale. 3U Jersey st.— 5-room cottage, large
basement and attic, with all modern improve-
mentg; lot 20x114. • - _^
ALL sorts of financial problems rolTed by H.
MURPHY, 630 Market; M mortsajes; estate*.
BJEAL ESTATE CITT POB 8ALE-
F. B. SintRTHNE.
m MONTGOMERT STRE2T.
15250— Big bargain: double house. < roosts
each: on Pine at., nr. Powell; rents US.
J5T50— Grand corner %a 21st and Baxtlett sts. ;
heavily traveled streets; well adapted fcr gro-
cery; good Improvements; easily converted Into
three flats at a g*n all outlay: big returns as-
sured: lot !>i».
15000— Two flne flats does to Folsera and Sd
sts.; oontaln 10 rooms above and S rooms be-
low; rents US: lot 25x112:6.
J3900— Broderick st., nr. Washington: fine cot-
tage, 6 rooms and bath; lot !5xS7:« feet; soli to
close an estate.
J3S00— Park district: on electric car line: new
modern residence, never occupied; contains t
rooms and bath; porcelain tub, etc.: front and
back stairs; let 25x«l:6; an actual sacrifice.
EOLJ> SUBJECT TO CONFIRMATION BT
SUPERIOR COURT.
tXOO— Corner lot; 51x90; close to Gene aa Hos-
pital; want an offer; must be sold.
If you. are looking for bargains In real estate
don't buy until you have consutud me.
MODERN houses built; lowest prices: plans and
estimates furnished. Campbell, 1147 Mission.
JICOO— JUST completed; 5-rocm cottage; 1X0
cash, balance 115 month. Jersey and Noe rts. j
13500 — EAST terms: new 7-room modern hou-e: I
Fourteenth St.. between Castro and Xoe.
$'i300-CHEAP home; 4 rooms, with bath; £00
cash. Inquire i2" Arkansas it.
MI5SION cottage; new: S rooan s. bath; lot SOx
100: 13000; terms to suit buyer. 413 Kearny st.
REAL ESTATE — CQU.VTRY — For Sale
ATTENTION, HOMESEEKERS.
We desire to call the attention of Intend!!*; j
buyers of ccur.try lands to some bargains In In- ;
come producing orchard, vineyard, grain and I
stock farms, many of which aro bar.k foreclos- ¦
ures, that we have fcr '¦ale. Mr. Busb. havine ,
hal forty years' knowl<vi S e ar.a experience of j
the value of lands and being the owner of an I
lnT,me-r>roduclng crchard and vineyard, can in- |
teUlgemly direct Intending buyers to the best j
lands and best bargains In the State. Call or i
write for what you want.
DAVID BUSH - SON. 14 Post St.
MAGNIFICENT 12-arre navel orange grove:
now full of oranges: ripe next month; ~ iih
elegant modern residence, all conveniences:
good barn, etc.; will ?«-e inqnirer« by ap-
pointment for 4 day*. E. E., box 2T13, Call.
JScOO — A NICELY improved 10-acre orchara and ¦
vineyard, in bearing age: rood location fr>r j
keeping poultry: ct will sell half-interest In
5a-e. H. F. BLUHER. Novat->. Marin Co.
AT a barraln: 5 a-res in ller.lo Park; sir.all j
house, barn, chicken houses. 15 oak trees. I
running water. M. L. HAKPER, 313 Exam-
iner building. .
FINE investment; two-story building in center
of business portion of. prosperous mining I
to— n; alwars rented: suitable for any busi- j
ness. Address box 2770, Call office.
MAKIN Co.. 2S miles from S. F.-Md to ISO per {
acre: choice lands in tracts or a!! plzes: 1m- j
prcved farm*. ch!ck»n ranches, hay. grain, j
fruit and vegetable land*: easy terms; rail
tr.fl water transit: good school*. HOME AND
FARM CO.. room 2. Sth floor. UUIa bldg.. S. F.
ACCURATE personal know ledi^— each of the
SOtO ranches on my SALE ar.J EXCHANGE i
list. More than a!l other agents In this city.
N. D. SICKFLS. the land agent. 6 Geary st.
10-AORE fru!t farm, rear Haywards: Improve-
ments flrst-clas?; price J"A">0; terms to suit.
Address box 47£4. Call office.
RKAL KSTATE TO EXCHANGE.
j-,s- -, - 1
EAT CITT prr-perty wanted !n exchange:
15 acres in alfalfa. T-s-hama Co JTiyi \
S&-acre orchard, fine home. Solana Co 2sno |
M acres, splend. orch. farm. Sta Cruz Co. 3^50
100 acres, level, rsr. town. In Shasta Co.. 25-» j
GOO acres stock farm, San Ilenito Co ZZM !
1*0 acres wheat. San Luis Oblspo Co SCi>-> !
130 aces improved farm. ?-'ara Co KOO j
Brick hotel. 40 rooms, country town SOQO :
M. GRIFFIN. 713 Market st.. room 1.
A— S.VMC— FORTY, acres. Heald*burg. S in cul-
tivation, 17 acr%s vineyard; taks vacant lots; j
cltj" or suburban.
$5000— Stores and flats, corr.er. East Oakland;
want srr.all country h"m<? for equity; rents J7X
I. O. SCHARFF, r> Mor.tgo— ery st.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY IlEAI, ESTATE.
COZY cottage In first-class condition; nearly
rew; 5 larse rncms; bath: pantry: hot and
cold water: frv.lt tree*, flower garden, chicken
house, brooder and tarn: all fenced and cross
fenced: large lot: I blocks from railway *ta-
ttcn. electric cars, school, churches and stores;
price $1200: cr.ly %2 r ?> cash, balance 112 U
monthly. Take F.erke!ey tra'.n. get off at
Lorin and inquire fcr RUDOLPH, PERKINS
& LYON. Office cpen Sundays.
5-ROOM eottape; pantry; clcset3: a!l In gf^i
shape; large lot 50xK0: good well, outhouses
and fence<i; 1 block from car line; rri<~e ?i000;
small payment down, balance In monthly in-
stallments.
RUDOLPH, PERKINS & LTON.
Lorin Station. Berkeley.
HOUSE of 6 r<ic— s. bath and pantry: 2 blocks j
from station: lot £^x!20: fenced; price $_0;
J100 cash, balar.ee $15 per menth.
RUljOLrH. PERKINS & LTON.
Lorin Station. Berkeley.
J2250— COZY colonial home cf 6 rooms, all mod- j
em: lot £2x133 feet; comer, right on Tel»- j
graph ave.; nice ground?, stone walks anj
lawn; above the street grade: rents for 115;
house cost Jl^Oto bufld: title perfect; photo
cX office; Insured for S1500.
j7Si> — Foreclosure sale: Cne sunry ncrta cor-
ner. 80x110 feet: handy to Telegraph ave.: walk-
ing dis-tance of the local; snap for a cash sale
quick by order of the bank.
GEO. \Y. AUSTIN & CO..
• HOMEi-— HOMES-HOMES.
IOCS BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
AXD mind you It's in beautiful Berkeley.
J12C0 — House of 4 rooms, well, windmill, etc;
let 40x110; a bargain.
J1300— House of IS rooms; lar^e lot; near uni-
versity.
!„<>— A regular p<^m; 5-room hcruse; corner
lot- street -work done: near university.
j;^X»— 7-rtx>m hou?e; street work all done;
electric car? pays the do»->r: large lot
Apply to MASON & McLENATHEN. tdjoin-
Ing Postoffioe. Berkeley.
jjoOO \ CHICKEN ranch in the h»art of town:
lot 12ftxTT(>; buy It and get rich. Apply to
MASON & McLEXATHEN. adjoining: Post-
office, Berkeley.
CORNER, !-s*ory house. 9 rooms: lot EOxlOO;
or.ly $1630; West Berkeley; will trade for S.
F. lot or cottage; will assume — ort^age. Bcx
197S, Call office.
ALT A PUNTA TRACT— San Pab!o are.. 2
miles north of Berkeley: 1150 to $230 per acre;
lets JCC to $150 each: JS a ra^nth: call for
* maps. U. W. HAIGHT. «1 California gt.. S.F.
A WEEK'S ne— s for 5 cents — The "Weekly Call.
16 pases. In wrapper, for mailing, {I per year.
FRUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE REAL KSTATE.
FOR SALE BY H. A. PLEITNER.
I40C — Cottaire cS ? room?, stable, chicken
house, fruit trees, horse, harness and wagon;
furniture: lot 40xl32; 3 blocks frcm electric cars.
$(>.",3 — Cozy cottage of t rooms, front and back
porch, barn, chicken house* and workshop: |
larce lot; fine place for raiding chickens; $153
c&fh. balance *7 25 rer ir.onth.
llXA— Nev.- house of 4 rooms and bath; base-
ment, fruit trees: lot SAxlSQ; spler.di 1 location.
tll^V- ?acr;flce: modern cottaye of S rooms
and bath, basement, etc: lot 30x145; one block
from electric cars: must be sold; an opportu-
nity tvorth investigating; JlOD cash, balance
saire as> rent
$1000— House of 4 rooms, stable, chicken
houre*. furniture, good horse, harness and cart;
fruit trees In bearing: lot 73x108.
$1600— Two-story house of 6 rooms and bath:
flne mantel; corner lot; near station; must sell
at cr.ee.
$lSi-T — Modern cottage of 5 rooms and bath,
bastment. etc; 3 chicken houses; IDft chlciens;
choice fruit trees In bearing; lot 50xCS0.
Chicken ranch of 3 acres, house of 5 rooms:
f nit trees, bam, etc. ; for rent at $12 50 per
month: Etock for 5ale, consisting of oiu«' horse,
harness, buggy and cart, chickens, pigeons and
gool milch cow, all for S175. For particulars
apply to
H. A. PLEITXER. Fruitvale Station. Cal.
FRU1TVAI.E FIRMSHKD HOUSES
COTTAGE of 6 rooms or part of same. AdVre«s
MME. DAUNET. Fremont ave.. Fruitvale.~
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATG.
FOR sale at a sacrifice— Eleeant modern cot-
tage of 5 large rooan and bath: fine mantel
marble washstand. reception hall. gra3 fix-
tures, etc.: high basen-.ent; corner lot. SSxiZi-
street work and cement sidewalk; all com-
plete. For particulars apply on premises to
owner. 1925 Park St.. Alameda. Cal.; no asenta.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
15 pages, In wrapper, {or _a!lln_ U sex rear.
ALAHEDA HOUSES.
7TVZS rooma and bath, handsomely faralaS.*-*
for fcousekeepinr; rest $03 for pertsaacst par*
ty; finest location. Apply 21C1 Ceatral a»a..
Alamada.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND BOARD.
FIRST-CLASS board and salts c* rocsu Oaa
man and wife: criTate family In Aia-n..*^ •
Apply Sox 4407. Call ofacc.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
AN tSZOO IN\"E3TMENT.
Fin* large corner lot: good lmpro-resieist*
thereon; rresent Income ITCiu p«r annum; dos*
to business center; almost business property;
has fine future; a special bargain.
LATMANCE.
T-5 ilONTII.
Buy your home; only JSOO each: only 1100 cash
— $lu month; two cottages, near Twenty-thirdi
ave. station. LATMANCE.
A2«" ESTATE.
RS00— A snap; two-story house. 6 rooms, bath,
newly painted and papered; right in town — thr»«
blocks cr Sth ted Uroadway. LATMAXCS.
moo.
Modem windo-w cottagf, 5 rooni3. bath; brick
foundation: let 10x200; at Golden Gate station;
nicely situated; bar.k sale; J10O cash, balance to
suit. LArilANCE.
j:s? cash.
J^0 ca*h, $13 mor-th. buys a tw>-5tor7 hous*.
let >>x^5. near Grove ani Thirty-ninth sta.. for
only JlSi'j; bank sale: Insured for SZ*<>; a bar-
gain. LAY1IANCE.
FOR EXCHANGE.
JCS50— Mortgage S2B0O; new, modern two-
story house. S rooms; porcelain bath; csvtr
been occujjled: location wlihin six blocks ef
Broadway and FiHirti&ntii st.; owner wants
deu lots or acreage for equity.
LAY11ANCS.
CENTRAL LOT.
A bargain: lot +Ttl>.<>: tine for flats: rljht ta
HSIML a e " L-\YiLVNCE.
ALMOST GIVEN ATTAT.
Thirty acres between O.ikland a^i San Lean-
dro; th» f.ggnd buy in the Stato of Callfarsia:
once refused JV30O per acre; owner needs so ma
money at once. LATilANCE.
JEOO.
Fifteen acres; worth $15,000; near FrcJtral*
station: flne cardan land: the lacreaso y&Iua
for city lota will make you rich: owner called
to Mexico; must sell at once, LAYilANCE.
Elegant residence lot. NE corner Flfta art.
and East Ninth st. : size 5-3x140; opposlw fiaa
home and rrounds of V.". S. Goodfellow; near
Clinton station: same distance from Broa-J-»ay
as Adeline St. ; a Ms barraln. LAY1LVNCE,
TV.O ACRES
In Fruitvale; we have for sale 2 1-3 acres cov-
ered with fruit, with the prettiest new colonial
cottage. 5 rooms: windmill, tanihouse; jyarfect
home; worth $5000 ; ofTered for JC75->: see tt.
L,VY1I.\NCE.
$405 HOME.
An estate: near H.--." St.. San Leaairo roaJ:
small house. 3 rooms; corner lot. lwi'.M; offer
wanted. LAYilANCE.
$:ooo.
Near Market station, north of Seventh st.j
two-story house, s rooms, bath; bricit founda-
tion; rents for |i> a month; a bargain: estat-a
must be closed up. LAYMANCE.
Alarceda Ccinty; a special bargain: M acres,
near Haywards: one of the f.n»st fruit ranches
in the cmncy; cost o\er $X,0C>: fine improve-
ments; el'gant horn-;: outbuildings: !r.siirane«
ie^.'fl; A No. 1 paying property; owr.ir r.eeCJ
ciocey; mttt sell. LATM.VNCE.
NEW HOME
Near Telegrraph ave. and Twenty-eighth rt.:
Crest located 7-ro^m hem* In the rnaxtet; new.
never been occupied; only ?2i5 cash: price only
J^XiO. LAT^LVNCS.
LAYMANCE
Heal Estate Co..
Genera.1 Keal Estate Ager.ts.
Offices and salesrooms, 4Si ar.i 462 Eighth
St.. Oaklar.d. Cal.
$1SSO— COZY cottasre. 5 rooms, bath, bajeaest:
lot 40312? ; zz.T.~.en; fruit trees: lawn; Ca.a
barn; gravel driveway: stor.e walk*: street
work ALL IiONt; hoi:se in flne conditlca: ex-
cellent neighbors; carets Included: w^tliln,
2 blocks are s;hool. 2 churches and electric
cars; title perf»ot: tar-rovvrr.er.ts insured for
Jl"a GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
HOMES HOMES HOMES.
IOCS Eroadway. Oakland.
JllC-O— ETnLDING let 75x1^5. with double front-
age: choice location: near Lake SXerritt; closa
to electric cars: handy to train.
GEO. AV. AUSTIN & CO..
IOCS Er>adway. Oakland
$?;><>— NKARING- ccrspletior. : 7 rocms; opea
plumbing: all modern: lot 22x118: sunay front;
mala street: electric cars 1 block.
GEO. VT. AUSTIN * CO.,
IOCS Fraad'sraj-, Oakloni
Jil'JO— SIX moms: modem ; lot 4Jxl!0; opea
lawn; handy to Adehne station; choice loca-
tion; cost $4iC0; a H? bargain.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
1»S Broadway. Oakland.
53C0O— RIGHT on Broadway; 2 cottages. 4 asi 5
rooms; well rented: lot '-'xl'j and barn.; w.U
siil one; flne rrospective value.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.. ,
EXCLUSIVE AGENT3,
MCI Broadway. Oik.:ir.d.
J^OO— PLAIN bouse. 4 rocms: lot SSx2C0; good
barn; cear Eroadway; force<1 eale.
GEO. "W. AUSTIN A CO..
IOCS Broadway, Oakland.
J-GOO— REDUCE!) frcra fZZZS: cost S3300: insured
for JliCO: har.dy to local station; nice resi-
dence part of East Oakland; street^comclete;
cars la front; lorlc this up.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
11CS Broadway. Oakland.
JiCO C\SH J1S mcr.thly: I-story bouse of I
rooms and bath. laundry, larsre pantry, plenty
closets: model home now being erected: will
finish at once to suit buyer; city water and
¦ever; flne tchool; one bloci from electrlo
car lines; grand site; fiae neighborhood; co
fog nor cold winds: adjolstsj East Oakland:
price all told J1SS0: see this at oace, as tt Is a
decided bargain: 42! Seventh St.. near Broad-
way. Oakland: carriage fre«. H. Z. JONE3»
Owner.
|300 CASH. 17 M monthly— Three-rooni cottage:
new tarn; chicken house: shed: fine well cf
water: 3 large lots: picket fence: assorted
fruit trees ana shrubbery; near electric car
lines; model schoolhotise. town hall. 90- foot
boulevard: situate in Fruitvale. adjoining
East Oakland; prire in all $773. Call or seaU
fcr circular. 455 Seventh St.. Oakland: car-
riage free. H. Z. JONES, Owasr.
FOTTR fine small chicken ranches: must b»
•old. See E. E. ECXCE, 9S3 Broadway. Sa
Al bargains.
JlSCu— WORTH T2-W.
Corner: store with fixtures, etc.. and 4 fin*
living rooms, barn; lot, £3x100; an opening for
grocery or bakery: terms if desired. J. 3.
MYERS. 10C2 Broadway. Oakland.
_________ _____ '
Nearly new hence of 7 rooms, bath, eonserr*-
tory and porches: fine large lot: near cars
and trains; fruit trees, garden and bars: $2753
cash: cost me 14000. Addre.s Owner. P. O.
box 513. Sacramento, Cal.
FURNISHED or unfurnished house cf 8 lane*
rooms and bath: sanitary rlumblnir: lot Wx
100: central location. Apply iZi lith St.. Oakld.
CHEAPEST and best in America — The Weekly
Call. 15 pages, sent to any address la ta»
United States cr Canada end year fcr $1,
postare paiJ. *
OAKLVSD HOUSES TO LET.
J1S PER nscnth— MMern rjnny cottage. wtthJa
easy wa!k from Fourteenth and Broadway;
would sell for t-^'^O; a barirain: vacated this
week. GEO. IV. AISTIX _ CO..
THE HOUSE RENTERS.
100$ Broadway, Oailaal
Ttlephcne Red Ko.
GOOD houses. Get list from GEO. W. AU3-
TIN A CO.. 1SO3 Broadway. Oakland.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 15 pages, ser.t to any address In the
United States or Canada, r.r.* year for n.
OAKLISD FtnXISnED UOCSES.
ji.%— NINE roo— s; choice home locality; East
Oakland, near car?.
S40— Eastlake cottage. 7 rooms: ni<?ely fur-
nished: larxe lot and oxxn lawn: owner goins
to Honolulu; references rerured.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
THE HOUSE RENTERS,
1CC3 Broad— ay. Oakland.
OAKLAND ROOMS. ,
? _FINE bay-window Cat, 4 rooms, garden,
nice locatior; water free. K13 East
Eleventh «t.. near Twenty-third are.
OAK—AS D~ FIRSiTIRE FOB SALE.
AN~introdurtion to you from H. Schellhaas. the
romitarf dealer. lUh and Franklin. Oakiand.
Tor Additional Classified Advertise
xneats Seo Paga 33,Morning— Preaching-. Evening— Same.
Preaching. Evening— Same. ft -
<S> Central Methodist Episcopal. Mission street.
<i between Sixth and Seventh— Rev. S. D.
<s> Hutslnriller. r -"-:
A Simpson Memorial M. -E... Hayes and Bu
<|> chanan streets— Rev. John Stephens.
% Fifteenth Avenue M. E., South San Fran
<j> Cisco— Rev. Arthur Anderson. ,
& First M. E.. Powell street, near Wa_hlng
4> • ton— Rev. Frank K. Baker.'
Hilton— We hear a creat deal about tho
corrupt French stage; but I should think
it oufent to be especially pure.
thTnkffi" And - What gS y0U t0 that
Hilton— There have been so many vile
plays taken from the French that it does
not seem possible the French can have
many naughty plays lcft.-Boston Tran
script.
Potrero M. E., Tennessee street, near So
lano—Rev. S. II. Woodward.
Richmond M. E.. Fourth avenue, between
Point Lobos avenue and Clement street-
Rev. A. E. Ulrlch.
Grtce'-M. ttBL. corner Twenty- first and Capp
streets— ftev. J. N. Beard.
Trinity. Bush and Gough streets— Rev. F.
W. Clamr>ett.
Trinity M. E. corner Market. Sixteenth and
Noe strrets— Rev. Milton D. Buck. >•/. Cy
California Street M. E.. corner California
and Broderfck streets— Rev. A. C. Bane.
Epworth M. E., corner Church and Twenty
sixth streets— Rev. W. M. Woodward.
First Church of Christ, Scientists, 223 Sutter
street, between - Kearny street and Grant
mvenue — The Bible and Science and Health,
With Key to the Scriptures.
Stewart Memorial Second United Presby
terian, Guerrero street, near Twenty
third — Rev. W. E. Dugan.
Calvary Presbyterian, corner Geary, and
Powell streets— Rev. John Hemphlll.
. ¦"-¦.; '.¦«{¦. ,
First Presbyterian, . Van Ness avenue and
Sacramento street— Rev. Robert Macken
zie. ,"."-¦ >$&_kS£-&__8_8[ d
Westminster Presbyterian, Page and "W^b
ster-streets — Rev. E. H. Avery.'' ¦ >
Trinity, corner Bush and Gough streets-
Rev. ; Frederick W. Clampett. .
First -Unitarian, southwest corner Geary
and Franklin streets — Rev. Bradford Leav
: Ut. ¦;¦;,
Second Unitarian, corner Capp and Twen
tieth .treets— Rev. Mr. Hodgin.
St. Luke's,' Van Ness avenue and Clay
street. , / :
A. M. E. Zlon, 805 Stockton street— Rev. T.
Brown. ¦ ' •
T. M. C. A., Mason and Ellla etreets-H.
J, McCoy, Becretarjr.
<s> Howard Street M. E.. Howard street, be-
X tween Second and Third-Rev. John A.
.«> B.Wilson. . U'*:-.' -¦ i
<J> Emmanuel Evangelical, Twelfth etreet. near
<§, Market-Rev. W. H. Althouse.
$
<!> First Congregational, corner Post and Ma
<i> son streets— Rev. George C. Adams.
<$> '
!> First Christian, Twelfth street, near How
4> ard— Rev. F. S. Ford. x
X Third Congregational. Fifteenth street, near
.«> Mission— Rev. William Rader.
? ¦ ;
A Olivet Consre&atlonal, Seventeenth and Noe
<J> streets— H. T.. Sheiutrd.
<J> Holy Cross. Eddy street, between Scott and
<;> Devlsadero— Rev. John McGlnty..
% St Mary's Cathedral. Van Ness avenue and
4> O' Farrell 6treet— Rev. Father Prenderg-ast.
<s> -
3> Richmond Congregational, corner Seventh
<J> avenue and Clement street— Rev. Philip
<3> Coombe. , "
i> First Baptist. Eddy street, near Jones— Rev.
<«> E. A. Woods.
J> St. Ignatius, Hayes street and Van Ness
<4> avenue— Jesuit Fathers.
4*
<|> •
"Finally my time came, and Lincoln
turned and saw me sitting to one side.
I had never met him but the one time
some years before in Columbus, but he
knew me at once and said: 'Have you
been here all this time?. Why didn't you
let me know It?' And then he went on
to talk about various things. Finally he
said: 'You are going to defeat Sammy
out In your district this time, aren't you?'
referring- to a Democratic candidate for
Congress In Ohio. I told him I thought
so. Then he continued: 'I understand
that Sammy is a great friend of mine—
just as warm a friend as I have. He re
minds me of a hog that old Sam " Urown
had. It got out and was gone for some
time.- Sam could see where It had been
rooting along the creek, and he said one
morning to one of his sons that the boy
was to go along: one side of the creek and
Brown himself would go along the other
"for I think," said he, "that the hog Is'
on both eldes of the creek," ' "—Indian
apolis Press.
"In my capacity as secretary and treas
urer of the Ohio State Republican Com
mittee," said John J. Janney of Columbus,
Ohio, "I went to the capital to see the
President. I was admitted with about 150
others. It was Lincoln's habit occasion
ally to admit a great lot of people at the
same time and hear each Individual's case
with all the others listening:. I took a
seat to one side, as I wanted to s»e him
and hear him as he tried those cases. I
shall never forget the simple and great
man as ha sat listening- to the troubles of
all kinds that were put before him. He
seemed to go to the bottom of every case
at once and to give simple justice all the
time. The last one of the crowd was a
girl who was deaf and dumb. All she
wanted was to see the President. Lin
coln sat there for almost half an hour and
wrote answers on the girl's tablet and
talked with her in that way.
A New Lincoln Story.
<g> Emmanuel Baptist. Bartlett street, near
4> Twenty-third— Rev. J. George Gibson.
Morning— "Invested Talent" Evening— <$.
"Life a Battle."
<$>
Morning— "The Shadows Are Cast/" Even- <J>
ing— "Matthew, the Publican." *i>
SERVICES THIS DAY
AT THE CHURCHES
Morninff— Rev. Father Forhan will preach at «
the 10:30 o'clock mass. Evening— Vespers. <?>
followed by a spiritual pilgrimage to St. <*¦
Mary and th* Basilica of the Holy Cross <»>
in Home by Rev. Father Wood. * 4>
Morning— Rer. Father Harvey will deliver <$•
the sermon at the 11 o'clock mass. <^
Morning— Rev. Father Trendereast will de- <»>
liver the discourse at the 11 o'clock mass. <y
Evening-— Rev. C. A. Ramm will preach <<>
in the evening. <§>
___ — — <£
Morning — Rev. George Moore, D.D., will .<«>
preacli. Evening— Same. 4>
Morning— "The Anointing at Bethany." A
Evening — "Are the Men of America Turn- <•>
ing Away From the Church?" <•>
Morning— "National Loyalty." Evening-— <$>
"Christian Citizenship." • 4-
Morning— "Man. Thy Sins Are Forgiven 4>
Thee." Evening— Rev. Francis Murphy v;>
will preach on the topic, "Mercy." <?>
Morning 1 — "The Historical Christ." Even- <§>
Ing— "The Resurrection" (first of series). <•>
Morning— No services; union services ln"..»
Salem Evangelical Church, corner Twenty- <•>
second and Howard streets. Evening— <•>
One hundredth anniversary celebration of <J>
the Evansrellcal Association. . *.
Morninfr— "The Return of the Ransomed." <J»
' Evening— "The Return of the Unran- <$¦
somed." 4p
r— — •-•
Morning — "Great Victories Over Great Ene- 4>
m'es." Evening— "A Clear, a Genulna
Conversion." <$
Morning— "The Great Compulsion." Even- <•>
ins — "Show Your Colors."
Mornlns— "The Not. of Victory." Evening
—"The Hero of a Big- City."
Morning— "Th« Ten Virgins." Evening —
"Whom Ought We Imitate. Jesus or John
the Baptist?" ¦
Mornln?— Preaching by the' pastor. Even
ing—Same.
Morning — Sermon by Rt. Rev. W. S. Nich
ols. Afternoon — Sermon by th« rector. .
MornlnjT — "The Gods Men Worship." ' Even-
Ing — "To Have or to Be. Which?".
Morning— Preaching by the pastor. .Even
ins—Same.
Morning;— "Probation After Death." Even
ing — No services. . .
Morning— Confessing: Christ.'* Evening-—
"The Fallen Countenance."
Morning— Preaching by the pastor. Even
ing—"The Secret of a Life of a Sover
eign Power."
A *. B - Wll3oa
11 '!? ""/"PVL^ 1 " 611 " 111 Nesro and HU
wonderful Projrresa and Great Achleve
" menu*. .¦.-..¦¦'
Morning— Services. Eveninr-Same.
Morning— "Mere Morality." Evening— No
Morning— "The Galveston Disaster; Profit
and Loss." Evening— No services.
Morning— Preaching: and communion, Even
. Injr — "The Commandment That Touches
Our Social Life."
Morning— Services. Evening— Prayer.
Morning— Sermon by tb« pastor. Evening—
Sermon by Rev. WWlara Gutherie.
"Mr. Lincoln stopped over night at my
uncle's house long before he becamo
President. It was cold weather, and tha
family did not rise as early as usual.
When my uncle came down he found Mr.
Lincoln giving the negro servant lessons
in making a fire. 'I made the fire in
the next room.' ha said. .'Go and warm
by It till I fix this one I' "—Atlanta Consti
tution.
How the Lincoln stories grow! A cor
respondent, writing to The Constitution
from near Louisville. Ivy., says:
Lincoln as a Fire-Builder.
Ex-President Cleveland is widely cred
ited with originating the phrase, "Public
office is a public trust." Two years before
his death in 1S74 Charles Sumner wrote:
"The phrase 'Public office is a public
trust' has of lato become common prop
erty." Dorman B. Katon said In 1SS1:
"The public offices are a public trust."
Calhoun said In 1S33: "The very essence
of a free government consists in consider
ing offices as public trusts." Thomas Jef
ferson said in 1S07: "When a man as
sumes a public trust he should consider
himself as public property."— New York
Press.
Some Popular Phrases.
"She was laid to rest under the mag
nolias, and the heartbroken bridegroom,
reckless with despair, returned to his
regiment."
e frantic bridegroom besought her by
every term of tenderness and endearment
to allow the ceremony to proceed, to
whlci she weakly "ave consent, and lying
like a crushed flower, no less white than
tho camellias of her bridal bouquet, her
breath coming in short gasps, and -the
blood flowing from this great, angry
wound, she murmured 'yes' to the cleruv
man and received her husband's first kiss.
A moment more and all was over.
"When- the first contusion was over it
was discovered that in all the crowd only
one person was Injured, and that was
tho bride herself, bue lay partly on the
floor and partly In her lover's arms,
crushed and bleeding, pale, but very
beautiful, her bridal gown drenched
with warm blood. Laying her on h. lounge.
Recalling tho historic Incidents cluster-
Ing about South Carolina"s Executive
Mansion, Mr3. Thaddeus Horton writes,
in the October Ladies' Homo Journal, of
the shocking tragedy that occurred there
toward the close ot the war. Tills was
the death of the daughter of Governor
Pickens immediately after her marriage
to Lieutenant Le Kochelle. "On the after
noon preceding the evening of the mar
riage the Northern army began shelling
Columbia, but preparations tor the wed
ding continued. Finally the. guests were
an assembled and the clergyman was pro
ceeding with the solemn ceremony, and
had just joined the right hands of the
happy pair, when, suddenly, there was an
awful crash, and a ball from the enemy's
cannon penetrated the mansion and burst
in the middle of the marriage chamber,
scattering its death-dealing missiles in
every direction. There were screams and
a heartrending groan; mirrors crashed:
the house shook; women fainted; and
walls rocked to and fro.
A Southern Brir^e Killed by a Cannon
Ball While the Marriaga Cere-*
mony was Going on.
A TRAGEDY OF THE CIVIL WAE
GRAND HOTEL.
C T Hall. Seattl©
Mrs Richardson, Dwsn
C C Waite, 1 L An*
W Seymour, Sausalito
J W do Witt. Antioch
J B Peckham, S Mateo
J Perton, S Mateo
R A Poppe, Sonoma
J B Cooper, Hot Sprgs
E Pierce. Hot Sprgs
W J Barrett. L Ang
W H H Hart. Cal
J S Rowen. Crockett
A W Lewis, L Ang
C F Attrood. Texas
W H Bonsall, L An*
H Reed & w. Reedley
L D Petch. Eureka
D V." Malnsray. B C
H G Bowers & w. Cal
J Hess. Chlcaso
A S Budd & w, Cal
B A Rose. Cal
B W Rice. Seattle
A A Morey, Reedley
P Carpenter. Placervl
V Hartley, VacaviUo
S Stewart, Or
J Donaldson, Detroit
H M Sears & w. N Y
C W Ayers, Cal
O Jessen. Watsonvllle
D William*. St Louis
J P Corliss. N Y
Mrs Lindsey, Portland
J Armstrone, Boston
G Dickey, Boston
W R Boxter. Boston
W E Safford. Cal
A Shultz Sz w. Fresno
B Nordyke. S Mateo
F XordyUe, S Mateo
C. Merrill. S Mateo
A Nordyke, Redding
0 Martin & w. Redding
J Shipley. Valparaiso
!r Anderson, Vancouvr
I A Suggett & w, Cal
IM E Dalley. S Jose
O B Bae. Cloverdale
|W Pullman. Oakland
ip Davis, Coultervllle
Dr Lo Lande, L Aris
E Sanborn, Portland *,,
T Uolllnson & w, Bstn
iMiss V/olf. N T
W K Edwards, S Barb
R Steen. L Ang
P E Freller, L Ans
PALACE HOTEL.
J Smith. Cal
C Glade, Guatemala
N T Suneto. Waeh
J .F Lawless, Seattle
J D Farrell, Seattle
Mrs J D Farrell, SeRtl
J G Woodworth, Seattl
J B Lankcrshlm, N Y
C H McWilllams. N Y
W Brciihy, Los Ang
W Themwell, Los Ang
XV Goode, Portland
R S L Harvie, Englnd
C H Turnbull. Englnd
M Tillotscn, N Y
O M Ladd, Denver
W W Charin, Sacto
S T Simpson, Halifax
J B Wallace, Halifax
A C Nellls, N T
O Graham, Los Ang
F O Carmack, Los An
J E Henry, Neb
0 K Henry, Neb
P Hasfceli. Cal
K Haskell, Cal
R M Meek. Cal
G I! Hubbard, Pyracus
JL. E Cochran, Boston
JC W de Knisht. Wash
1 W Jenkins, Rochester
R "W Minor, N Y
P A Williams. Oaklnd
R L llaclay, Oregon
W H Murphy, P Alto
C 8 Thanklln. Chgro
L W Knight. Cal
D G Curtis. Pa
NEW WESTERN HOTEL
J Manning, S Dakota
A M Straham, "Oregon
Q AV Rodilarch. Bufflo
I) Corbly. Chattanooga
M Corbly, Chattanooga
Hiss E L Corbly, Chatt
J A Smith & fm, Utah
J Markey, Maxwell
J McHenry, Maxwell
C D Rogers, Pt Richm
G W Condon & w, Cal
C (> Allen, Newmans
E la Montague, Vacvil
A C Brcntner, Ls An?
P A Howe & w, L, Ang
J B Miner, Los Ang
A G Thompson, P Alto
C A Bates, Chicago
R C Johnston, St lyouls
C McMann & w, Clnn
G Monroe, Atlanta
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
RASPBBRRIES— Subscriber, Frultvale,
Cal. A writer for an agricultural work
on the subject of raspberries says: "Sum
mer pruning of raspberries is practiced
by all good cultivators. It is a simple op
eration. It consists in pinching or cut
ting off the shoots as soon as they are
two feet high, which causes them to
branch out with strong laterals, and
these are to be cut back according to
their strength in winter. By this means
the plants are made more stocky, and
are able to bear enormous crops. At the
BACK NUMBERS— Q... North Branch.
Cal. Back numbers of The Call published
six or eight months ago can be obtained
from the business department of The Call
by giving the date of the papers wanted.
The cost for the same is per copy: If 1
month old, 5 cents; 2 months, 10 cents; 3
months, 15 cents; four months. 20 cents,
and 10 cents per month added for each
subsequent month.
EXEMPT \FROM EXECUTION— S..
City. The law relative to the property
exempt from execution In the State of
California is too long to quote in this
department. If the correspondent will
write what line of business he is en
gaged In or the occupation of "a man of
family," this department will be able to
inform him what is exempt from execu
tion.
WHITE METAL— P. M. W., Oakland,
Cal. The composition of Parson's white
brass is I part copper, &< tin, 30*4 zinc- and
X A lead; that of Babbitt white metal is
W2 parts copper, S3 tin and SVi antimony;
Fenton's white metal Is 4.4 parts copper,
13.0 tin and 79 zinc; that of Admiralty
white metal !s 5M: copper, S6 tin and 8^
antimony.
THE BEAR FLAG-Subscriber. City.
The original bear flag was raised in So
noma, Sonoma County, June 14, 1S46, by
the Bear Flag party, at which time Gen
eral Vallejo was taken prisoner. The or
iginal flag was white, with a bear painted
on It, and bore the words, "California Re
public."
APPORTIONMENT— F., Sonora, Cal.
Apportionment, or the basis of represen
tation, is fixed; Federal, shortly after
each decennial census. The State appor
tionments are guided by the Federal cen
sus. The apportionment under the census
of the present year has not yet been an
nounced.
WEIGHT OF A KARAT— Subscriber.
City. The weight oi! a karat Is four
grains troy. The value of a karat rela
tive to diamonds is very uncertain. The
value of a karat stone depends on the
quality, purity and cutting.
FIRE, WIND AND WATER— P. H. and
S., City. Wind and water are stronger
than fire for the reason that fire may be
controlled by man, but man is unable to
control either wind or water.
MONEY IN SCRIPTURES— S. M., City.
The first mention of money in the Scrip
tures is Abraham's purchase of a sepul
cher for four hundred shekels of silver.
B. C. I860. Genesis xxiii:3-9-16.
ABBREVIATIONS — Subscriber. Hay
wards, Cal. In writing poetry "tho" and
"thro" are abbreviations of-"though" and
"through" and are recognized in phonetic
spelling.
FRESH AND SALT WATER— M. N.
T., City. One cubic foot of fresh water
weighs tS2.5 pounds and a cubic foot of
salt water weighs 64.3 pounds.
LAKE TAHOE— Q.. North Branch, Cal.
Tahoe. the name of a California lake, is
pronounced Ta-ho, with the "a" sound as
in far and the "o" sound as In note.
PRESSURE OF WATER— M. N. T..
Olty. The center of pressure of a body of
water is at two-thirds the depth from the
surface.
CUCAMONGA PEAKS — Subscriber.
City. The Cucamonga Peaks of the San
Gabriel range of mountains in California
are 8000 feet high. ; W. v -:- :
FORT ROSS— Subscriber; City. Fort
Ross in Sonoma County was established
by the Russians in 1811.
same time all redundant b ™* l $ 1 s .j s £, o %t?
aro to be cut a^ay. This method aloob
viates the necessity for any kind of sup
port, such as stakes or trellis, as f tne
sturdy plants. are able to stand alone.
LATITUDE AND LONGITUDE— F. •W'..
Witter Springs, Cal. Latitude on the
earth is the distance of any place m a
direct line north or south tjomtt^e qua
tor measured In degrees,
onds. If it is in the northern •he^pn ere
it is said to be north latitude, and U in
the southern south latitude. Long* tude is
the angular distance east or west of an>
place on the earth's surfaca from a cer
tain fixed point or meridian.
NITI-GHAUT— Subscriber. City. Nlti
ghaut (pronounced ne-te-gawt) Is me
name of a pass of the Himeiayas, between
Kumaon and Thibet, at an elevation of it>,
814 feet above sea level. It takes Its name
from the village of KItl. in the Kunwm
thirteen miles south of the pass. The pass
Is regarded as the easiest between J^u
maon and Thibet, and is consequently
one of the principal channels of trade be
tween Hlndostan and Chinese Tartary.
DARK AS EGYPT'S NIGHT— E. E. L_.
Oakland. Cal. The origin of "Dark as
Egypt's night" is to be found In Exodus
x:21-22-23. "And the Lord said unto
Moses, stretch out thine hand toward
heaven, that there may be darkness o\er
the land of Egypt, even darkness that
may be felt. And Moses stretched forth
his hand toward heaven, and there was
a thick darkness In all the land of x*gyi>
for three days. They -say not one
another, neither rose any from his place
for three days; but all the children of
Israel had light in their dwellings.
ELECTION— Subscriber, Angrels Camp,
Cal. The term of a United States Senator
Is six years. There is nothing known as
long term and short term In the United
States Senate. . ..
The election in California in M00 is botri
a Presidential and a general election. It
Is a Presidential election because Electors
are to be chosen and it is a general State
election because the people of the State
will be called upon to vote for proposed
amendments to the State constitution;
also for Electors, votinjr being held in
every county.
TIMBER ON THE KOAD-W. G.. Mid
dleton, Cal. Public roads for travel are
often established by application to a court
of competent jurisdiction after view, re
port and confirmation. Once established,
they pass into the control and supervision
of the township, county or other local au
thorities and are kept in repair by local
taxation. By the common law, the fee of
the soil remains In the original owner
with the use of the road in the public If
vacated by the public he resumes exclu
sive possession of the ground. While used
as a highway he is entitled to the timber
and grass upon the surface and to all
minerals below it. He may sue in tres
pass any one who obstructs the- road, but
the law is otherwise if he parts with the
fee.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, OCTOBER 14, 1900.
Morning— Preaching. Evening— Same.
38
ADVEBTISEMSUTS.
A g-oodly number of pleas-
ing patterns and desirable
colorings in Smith's Axmin-
ster Carpets, with borders to
match —
$1.00 a yard. .
We've lots of other patterns,
from the plainest to the pret-
tiest— would like to have you
see them.
RUG WINDOW.
One big window full of rich ruj?s
in many patterns and styles. Ax-
minsters as low a. $2.50 and Jap-
anese Cotton Rugs for $1.00.
¦ 215-217 Sutter St., above Kearnj;.
JLULBOAP TBAVZL.
»o»tiiki» p,««nri«: t:oHi_ SIT.
(rAciric sy.~b»O
Tratna Irnvo nut* nrr <liif> to nrrlf • ail
MAN »'i:.- >«•!*«'«».
(ila.ii. Line. Foot ««f Mark«-*SUeet)
_S*VK — FROU OCTOBE* 1, 19C0. — AKRIT9
•~iOOa Benicla. SiiUun. Elmira. VacaflUe,
KamwT and aacrauiepto *7:it»»
*7iOOa Sh.«» Kxpr ( n- lu»la, William, (for
Bartlett Springs), Willows. KeU
IHuff. l*on:-mt Tsl-j
*7>3Oa M.i tlner.. Sao Uainon, Vailejo. Napa,
«J»l»t<<eaaiulS_iitik Kina •8il3»
•9:OttA D-tU. WooUUtid. Kuigbta L-ndl-g.
Mary-Tilte. Oro.lilo 'T.-iaF
• i:OO.i AtUii'ti.- Kxpreaii— Ogdeii »u«l Ea»6 •12:ISp
»H:U<»4 Nile*, Trjcy, LAthrop, Stockton *»:.->4
•»i:j»a ti_u .lo."- 1. l.iti-r:i.uie, Hloekton,
lone Sacraitii-utn. PlaerrtUlc.
Mxrja.lll-. Utaien. Keil IMnlT 'IsISp
•SiHOa O-k<l-lr, Chlnrse. Mouor».C»rtei»... »4:l.-»r
•i»:O<»» Hayward*. Mlrsaud Waj HUtion*. •! 1:1.4
•HiUOaLos Angeles Eiprea.-t — Murtluw,
Tney. Latiirnp. <i>oektoa. Merctu
Krenno »ud I,u» Argoles *7:I3*
•9::»n* V»:l. j,,. W_rtlll— -_ll Way Statl'tn* "!>: t*f
• IO:OO» Tho Orerlaiia LlTn)te«J— Ogden, Den- •
Ter, Oiuaha. Chiciffu 'O^aj
•ll:OO_ Milts, Stociitou. snorameDto. Men-
dots. Frfgm.. llaufoiJ, VisaiU.
V.ri^nillo Miia»
•1I:OOa I_»ern lore. S>rj"r. Go«hen Juao-
tioo. B__erst>ld. Los Aogelea
• I2:OOm rUjw-rds, MilesiuiU Way «t_:lotn. '2:4.1^
fllOOP 0«l-ll-Wll|l Ititci- SJlMiiit-r* 1.1:O(>a
•_ioop }{-7warda. Nilrs a-d Waj HUtloim. M:IJ,
•4t»»r M-rliliM. Hail lUluon, Vnll«Jo.
N':il>v, «;_Ii»t<>u», Manta Uona *Hil3*
•IiUOr U'uicit, Winten, Haciameuto,
U'o'xllaiul, Knlkbta l,._J!ug.-
M_rys»Ilie. Orofltle "1O<434
Mi»nr Nllea. Han .lose aud Stoektou *7sl3»
•3iO»pThe OwJ Umlted— Tracy. Fresno.
Ba'.enflelil. Sai:~iiii for fj-uta Bar-
bara, Lus AliiC les *10:IS4
•9i0Op Stockton *'_il3._
*3sOOr New Orleanr Expiasi— l«akerofi«ld.
KmiU l!»rb»r_. Ixs Angrlea. Dem-
lug. £1 Faso, Mew Oileaus and
Kut •7i4.i4
•SiOOp Hay w*rJj, Kll«»»nd Sao Jose...... *7: In a
fO:OOr Vklloju *ta:l3r
•OiOur Oriental Mail— OgJeo, Cbeyenne.
Omaha. Chicago '12:13*
•0H>«r Oriental Mail— Ogdea, DenTer,
Oraabu, Cbioaga MiISp
•7i»OrNUe«,Tra«y, Lathrop, 8tockton.... # ia_13r
•liOOr ()rr_u» a a<t California Mii'tm.Mw.
„*„»»!„. M-rTH.ill*. Utiil.llng.
l'i»t tlaml. I'uiei .SuiiikI aud Kasi *9tl3.i
ISiOS- Vallrjo, Fort L'ciU and Vr ay HU-
J tloua 111=00.
COAST !»l VISION (Nurroi? «.an?e).
(Koot of Market Street.)
•»i I 3a Newark. C'entFT?l!!e, Nan Jose, F*iWD, *
Boulder Crcak.SautaCt ii* and Way
» HUtiona »•«*•»
fSil.tr ITewark, C'enterrlllo. flan Joae, New
Alm»'l«u, Foltou, Itoolder Creek,
Santa Crux and l'rinclpal Ti'aj
St-UotM (Hiln
¦ «_:l»p Newark. Ban Jos«. Loa Gatoa *9i3*4
alMSpMnnteti' Ez~ rsfam, San Joaa and
Way .Stations P:3»y
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
TitmUS rillClseO— FmI of Mirktl Strut <Slii S)—
•7:19 »:0O U:00a.h. |1:C3 *2=33 UCJ
•1:C3 13:33 •atfSr.M.
frimOiltmS- fiol^BrMdw.y.— *«:00 8:00 10:00. .M.
t!2:C3 *I:C3 13:53 *3:03 t*:S3 *3:!3r.ii.
COAST DIVISION ; Itroa.l Uaago;.
(Third ait* Townseml SU.)
t«:IO\ Ocean View, .South Han Frandsco.. ?<!:SOf
*7i00a Hau Jn"B ami 'Vay .SUtl»ns (New
AIm»iler Wedneadajs ooly) *I:_Of
• BiOOa Hau Juse. Trea fiitus. Miuita Crux,
1'aeilic t!n«»n. I'm i Hnbles, i)*a
I. uia 'Jlii»|.<i, Bnrf. I.o-npoc aud
l'riiici|>al Way Sutlmii MilOj
MOi4Di San Joae ami Way Statloua. *«>33a
•II:3«>A Man .lima ami W»- .Stations *3iSOr
t«i-13r Ban Matro. Kedwood. Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. Santa OUra. .SauJoso.
Trea Pino*. Hanta t'r.iz, Salinaa,
Monterey ainl I'ariUo GroTo |IO>1Sa
f»::i»r Saa. l»s« ami Way Stations •?:3np
tl:ISr San Jose an.l Principal Way Station* *!>:-i3a
f3:OOr San Jos<«, Lot Gatoa sod Triudpal
Way Stations tBiOO*
•VMp Sau Jose -mi Principal Way.SUtloua '*:A*k
•li::i<»r San Jose ajul Way Stations M:<»<>*
qll;-i.">r 3an .loje-n.i Vfay St-tluns *?:3Pp
A for Morning Pfor Aftunioon.
'Daily. ; f. Sumlay excepted. t Sunday only.
a only.
CALIFORNIA N3RTHTCTEBN ET. CO.
LESSEE
SAU FRARCISCO A!J3 NORTH PACIF18
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlturoa Ferry, Foot ot Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAJTA__
"WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. m. ; 12:38.
3:30. 6:10. 6:29 p. n». Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 o. m. Saturday a^-Extra trlpa at 1:54
. and 11:30 d. m.
SUNDAYS— S:00. 9:33, _:C0 a. n_ : 1:J5. 3:3a,
8:00. 6:20 D. n_
SAX RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
¦VTEEK DAYS-«:10. 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a. m. ; 1_:O,
1:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:S5 and C:3S p. m.
BUXDAVri— S:10. 9:40. U:10 a. _.: 1:10. 1:40.
B:0S. •:_. r- m.
Between San Francisco and Scna.tzea Par*
liuiw tchedul* a* above.
Leave I In Effect. I Arrive
Ban Franclaeo. I Apr. 15. -900.1 San Franclsca.
" Week J Bun- J I Sun- I ¦«><_. "
Cars. | days. | Destination,! day. ] Day.
7:3» am 8:00 »m| Novata. 10:40 am! S:« am
1:30 rm 9:30 am Petaluma. «:05 prn 10:25 an»
1:13 pm 5:00 pml Santa Roea. 7:35 pm! 8:20 prn
Fulton.
1:30 am Windsor. 10_3 am
Healdsbunr-
Lyttcn.
Oeyservlll*.
8:S0 pm 8:C0 am Cloverdale. TlSS pm 8rS0 p—
7:30 ami j Hopland j 110:23 aa»
J:30 pm| g:CO ami and UVlah. | 7.*M pm| t:V> pm
J:20 am 10:35 wn>
g:00 am GaemavUle. 7^3 pm
1:30 pm I <dW pm
7:3) am 8:00 am Sonoma I 9:15 am] 8:4. axa
and I
1:13 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. I 8:CS pm| »!_0 prai
7:30 am] S:00 ami 110:40 am|19r3S ajr»
t:80 pm; 5:C0 pm| SebastcpoL I 7:35 pta] S:20 prt>
Ftazea connect at Saata Rosa for Mark Wm«
Springs and Whit* Sulphur Springs- at FurUm
for Altrurta: at Lytton for Lytion Sprincsr -B
GeyservtUe for S1—KE9 Sprln.s: at Cloverdal*
for the 'Geysers: at Hopland for Duncary
Bprlns^. Highland Sprtnps. KelssyrHIa, Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. —tkeport and Bartlett
Pprlnc^; at TJkiah for Vichy Sprlnc.. Saratoga,
fprt-.cs. Blue X_fee-. Laur»I Dell ___. tvitto?
Springs. Upper Lake. Porno, Potter Vail—.,
John Day's. Riverside, LJ»Tley*s, B_ekm»!r_.
fianhedrln Helshts, Rullvllle, Orr's HotJ
Eprlnes, Mendoclno City. Fort Brae.. W««t-i
port. Csal. Wmita. Lttytonv'llo. Cummins.
Bell's Spring*. Harris. Olaen'a. Dyer. Scotl*
and Etureka.
Saturday to Mon_ay roun&^trl? tlci«t» at
reduced rates. »
On Sunday ronnd trip tickets to alt poflrt»
be-vond San Rafaal at half rates.
Ticket office*. 830 Market M-. Ch«m!eT» blifc
H. C. "WHITIXO. . R. X. RTAN.
General Manacer. Gen. T*m». Ajent.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD;
/ Via Sausalito F«rry.
Commencing September 30. 1904
FROM SAN FRANCTSCO TO MLU, VXLLEX
AXD SAN RA_5\A_1_
WKi-IC DAYS— «:55, ~>:15, ll:0O a, UL. •t:4S»
3:15 4:00. 5:15. *S:13, 6:10 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS—^"or Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays tad Sat-
urdays at 9:00 and 11:33 p. m. ,v . -
SUNDAYS— »S:CO. »10:C0, *U:S0 a, m.. *1:1S»
3:15. *4:45. 6:30. 9:00 p. m.
Trains marked _•> run to Saa SS. 9 ?H^-^^_^
FItOM SAN RAl^EL. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:23. 7:43. 9:30 a. m..
_-30. 1:43. *3:30. 4:20. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*]
and Saturdays at 6:43 and 10:2? P- ~-
SUXDATS- S:.O. *<<:00. -lO:©©. *n:45 a. m_.
•1M0. •3:15. 4:43. *«:39 p. m .
Trains marked (•) s-tart from San Quentln.
FROM MJIX VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:45. 9:30 a. nv,
KjiTRA" TRIPS 'on" Mondays. Wednesday*
and' Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS-8:C3. 10:05 a. m., 12:0». 2:13, S:30,
6:C0. 6:45 P. ROUC . H
8:53 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way »__-
t 'l?« p. in. Saturdays— Tomales and way sta-J
8:00* a. m- . Sundays— Tomales and way sta-
tions.
Santa Fe
Trains~Daii y
_ f »v» M-Xk3t-stveet Ferry Depot.
_ TI Ban Franclaeo. 9:0O a m 4:10 p m| 8:00 p c*
Arr. 8*.ocktun 12:30 p m 7:15 p m U:05 p c»
" Mtrced 2:*2 j> m — — — — 1:13 a n»
•• Fresno 4:20 p m 1:05 a rj
*• VlsaUsi ........ 8:00 p m 4:S0 a _»
•• Tulare ......... 6:22 p m ;i< a n»
— Hanford 5:33 pm 1:M am
" Iiakersfleld ... J:50 p m 7:30 a ra,
~ Denver W:*) a m .
- Kansas City... 5:15 p m
*? Chicago 7:4J a m
S a. m. train ls the Overland Repress. Corral
spending train arrives at « p. m. dally.
4:10 p. m. ls Stockton Local. •Corresponding
train arrives 11:03 a. in dally. '
S:CO p. m. 19 Fresno and BakersSeld Express,
with ?le»pln« Cars for both cities. Correspcnd-
lna train arrives at . a. m. dajly.
OFFICEfi— 641 Market st. and in Ferry Depot-
Ban Francisco: U1S Brnartw!»y. Oakland.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leaves San FrancLsco, via Sausalito Ferry*
WEEK DAYS. ...9:13 a. m.; J:45 and 4:00 p. rn.
SUNDAYS 8:00. 1Q:OQ. U:30 and 1:15 pi m!
Farei San Francisco to Summit and Return,
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN
Ticket C_tces. 621 Market et.. Sausallto Fexry^
MASEIAGE LICENSES.
The followins marrls.se licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Louis C. GerL 23. 1608 Guerrero street, and
lyuise Buttner. 23. 1417 Mason street.
Joaxjuin P. Furtado. 30. 144 Ninth street, and
Amelia Vldal. 23. 13i0 Market street.
Giovanni D. Vincenzl. 32. C6 Boardman place,
anJ Cafarina Glorsso, .6, 14 Fargo place.
James V.\ aark, 21. city, and Kittle M. Dett-
ner. 21, city.
Axel E. Carson, K. 7Q9H Minna street, and
Louisa Roderr-an. 27. 709% Minna street.
Manuel J. Bernard, 23. 75 Jackson street, and
Mary Frates, 20. Salinas.
Michael J. Olllns. 25. 143 Perry street, and
Elizabeth Brook?, 24. 14! Perry street.
Gharle* A. Malm Jr.. 22. 2324 Pine street, and
G-«iee IT. Turnbull. 21. Alameda.
Frederick S. Knight. 25, city, and Elizabeth
J. Parlier. 2S. city.
_>rM 11. Jacobs. 22. IMS Potrero avenue, and
Err.rr.a C. Caufield. 22, »_S Potrero avenue.
Thomas Norton. 45, 1C3 Perry street, and
Bu5ie Lester. 33, 22 r .4 California street.
Josepb F. Dally, 49, o_k Kill. Cal., and Eve-
lyn A. Donovan. .2, 1333 Pierce street.
Frank E. BaskcttP. 21, Presidio, and Gladys
R^sonber;:, IS, Oakland.
Gabriel K. Trj-trs. 2S. W«t Berkeley, and
Katie F. Christ. 2S. West Berkeley.
Walter D. Bribes. 25. £21 Bush street, and
llarcia Van Vranken, S7, city.
BIRTHS— HABRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marrlare and death notices sent by
mail will not be inperted. They must b« handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the game published.
BORN. ,
BAMBER— In this city. October 8. 1900, to the
wife of "Walter E. Bamber. a son.
CROXIN— In this city, October 7, 1900, to tho
wife of C. Cronin. a son.
FELVEY— In this city. October 11, 1S0O, to the
wife cf Joseph J. Felvey, a son.
FRANCIS— In this city. Soriember 25, 1300., to
the wire of George \V. Francis, a daughter.
GLVNN— In this city, October I, 1SC0, to the
wife of John P. Glynn. a son.
GOLTON— In this city. October 10. 1900, to the
wife of James T. GolLon. a son.
GOLLI>— In Alamfcda, October 7, 1S0O, to tho
wife of F. C. Gculd, a son.
GRAY— In this city. October 8, 1900. to the wife
of Alfred C. Gray, a daughter.
ISAAC — In this city. October 12. 1900, to the
wife of Charles Iraac, a daughter.
LAW.LOH— In this city, September 30. 1300, to
the wife cf John A. Lawlcr, a daughter.
McKNIGIIT— In this city. October 13, 1900. to
the wife of J. H. HcKnieht. a son.
O-DOXNE-L-In this city. October %. 1900, to
the wife of William G. O'Donnell, a son.
PYNE— In this city, October 3, 1S00, to the
wife of E. Pyne, a 6on.
' REIMERF- In this city. October 5. 1900, to the
j wile of George Reimers, a daughter.
EANGCIXETTI— In this city. October 6, 1900,
to the wife of Fred Sanruinettl, a daughter.
MARRIED.
BECKER— WILSON— In this city, October 10,»
1900, by the Rev. J. Fuendellns, Alfred C.
Becker and Phoebe E. Wilson.
JATHO— NOIll>HAUSEN— In Oakland, in the
English Lutheran Church. October It, 1300,
by th<? Rev. Hermann Gehrcke, Rev. Adolf
T. J. Jatho cf San Francisco and Louise
Sophie Nurdhausen of Oakland.
LARSON— KKOXQUIST— In this city. October
12. 1SC0. by the Itev. Dr. E. Nelander. pastor
of the First English Lutheran Church, An-
ton J> Larson and IM!a Kronquist, both jf
Ban Francisco.
ECIIULTZ— WILLIAMS- In this city. October
9. 1SC0, by the Hev. J. Fuendellnsr. August
Henry Schultz and Anna Wlnfried Williams,
TACKBR— KHAK— In this city, October 10,
l?C0. by the Itev. O. Groenrberg, Chresten M.
TaekT and Pctrea C. Krck.
ROOMS FOR HOUSKKEEriXO.
BIRCH ave.. .7. eff I__rk!n— Nicely furnished
houpekreplng and cir.ple room*; rent reasonab.
13KOA1>WAT. C-jA— Unfurnished elngle and
hourtkeeping rooms to let at low rates.
ELUS. CIS— 2 or 3 front funny rooms: oioeets;
pas etove; liaih; complete: reasonable.
ELIZABETH. 12. rear Ouerrero— 5 furnished
rooms for housekeeping 1 ; 113.
FELL, 420 — Two newly renovated Bunny rooms
(one fror.t). suit_.fc:e for light houseket'pins:
bath, hot and cold vster. pas ; private family.
FiLLMORE, 2"07, r.rar Clay— 5 gunny furnished
rocs:*; bath; housekeeping.
_-""OLSOM t,;5 — A larse sunny furnished room;
,Il?ht housekeeping; gl £0 week,.
rOURTir. CC:— Nice housekeeping rooms; also
sin_rlt» rooms.
GCLDEX GATE ave.. ICC J— Two or three sun- j
r.y unf-.rr.ii-hed rooms for housekeeping. j
BOWABD, Itttr-Jflceljr furnished bay-window
fuite, kitchrn; others; Iran ar.3 wife; reas.
HOWARD. ICfcS— Larg*" alcove room fuitabSe
for light housciceer'.ns: nice place for - ladles;
$0 each. _^________
LAKKIN, f'A— L*r_-e tunny back bedroom and |
kitchen: furnished complete for ho_i=<;ke<?p- I
ii.g: tT>. , :
MINNA. !$— Bunajr IV.rnlsh^d front houcekcep- ¦
lr.g and f!_s!e rooms 75c and a per week.
O\7C "¦¦— FuTil^h^d Fulte for hous'-k«?epin?r: '¦
running water aud gti' 1 stove; also tunny front ,
room suitable tor two Rentlemcn; one block, j
frciii Market !in<i one block from Van Ness. ;
O^K, ;jj 1 Ftinr.y room furnished for light ;
houselcerins: clo—i. large closet; SS. j
OTvr.RKLL EM— Parlor floor, with kiu-hen. j
125; B-ites. J'.S er.d itv. also tingle, 17 up.
POWELL. ZQt—JTraat rooms; also housekeeping [
ro<-rr.*; running water: gas. bath: rent re_s.
KjT.TLL. 1*01— i or 3 larse eunr.y rooms, con- j
CJited. for housekeeping: a!si; _!:ir1o rooms, j
SOUTH PAKK. 177— Four or five furnished i
rooms :or houvsfceeytne. !
TEHAMA. 47>, r.r. Pixth-2 e.nry furnished !
front room- for hkpp.; no children; $10-
i* EC— TWO unrurr.ifh?- housokeeplns rooms; !
rur.r.y. r.r.3 st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions |
received r.t <~_n branch o'.ace. _yo El!! more &t. ;
A BRANCH off.ee for Ca'.l advertisements -and j
¦nbscript—ns has been established at 1O!>C
VBl.lic-a ft.
nOOMS T*> LET r'nrn. and Infurn. j
_— BB.UXSWICK House. US Sixth— Hootns _5o I
to Jl S't-r nigi-.t; Jl S to Ii per week, and light j
hcufekecplng; open all ui_ht. j.
liUKNKTT. \*~a Market (old No. I'd)— Fur- j
niched rms.. suit--.--, eingl<?: also ucfurnlthed. .
El*FH, C.4— Furnished funny rocms, suits or j
• injrle, SSc per nirht ui>: transient. ,
Bl'fll, C2I (The Klk)— Chanffed hands; newiy j
reiovated rlcoly furn. sunny mis., Jl 50 to $7 .
wetfk; .Jc to Jl".'O r.'.zkt. MKS. P. • RAXFT. j
BUSH, —"i— 7_trg-i» unfurnished rjoin. with run- j
c : _ water. _^__ j
Ci-AY, ICO>— Xlee sunny furniEhed room; Uis of
ba.th cr.i telephone: HO.
CLAY 3'j^?— Nicely fumlrhed rm*. cheap, with
cr w'ithout kitchen prlv'.leees. Inq. 152. Polk.
CLKMKNTINA, 2?L o2 Fourth— Single rooms;
pr.vate i'-Riily.
CLXFFOVCO, 3M EDta. cor. ilason— Handsomely
furaished .ur.ny rooms; prices reasonable.
ELLI?. r:6— Ple_.«ar.t suar.y rooms; all conveni-
ence; V.2, tli), ,t%.
ELLIS. 5*.S— A lrurte room Eu!tab!e for _ gen- |
tlfmen; also einglf room; reasonable.
FGI-SOM. 776 ; ~Neatly furnished room; suit-
able for 1 or . Beatlonoi; reasanabl?.
rot'R roor-os ruitable for small club. Ocean
Boulevard, n°ar l$oul?v_r\i etaticn. Inquire 1
at Colonel Daly's cam?. j
GHAUT. 40S < iThe Navarre)— Elegantly furnished j
rms.; r_it<»a or ems>; travelers accommodatd. I
GEARY. 771— L.i"? well furn'.shed sunny eulte, j
with u&t.- of bathroom, in quiet privat* family.
GEAUY. ICir— 3 eunny rwm, furnished or un- I
furr'fh^i, with u*e of bath and telephone.
GOLDEN" GATE ave., S'i— Sunny front room,
EUltaile i\ir two gentlemen.
GOLDEN GATK ave.. l^V- 2 well-furn'shed
rooms, suitable f.^r gentlemen; fr^e telephone-. |
COL.UEN GATE av<?.. 10C0-2 or 3 well-furn'.shed |
tOO—i for lislit hjusekeeping; gus stove; fre« 1
telephone. j
GRAND SOUTIIERX, _^atheai«t corner Seventh
and li:?=cn eis. — ?unry rooms, en eulte or
sir.^le; lad:**' ji— 'lor; readlrg-room; elevator.
GCRBRS8O. £>— Nice large eunny front room. \
furT.lEheO; ch*a.p.
HOWARD, 111S— Larpe eunny bay-window and
alcove: also single rooic*.
JONES. S"l. r.?ar Ellis— Nice runny bay-wlndoir
room, alto rarlor; reasonable.
J.AIIKIX. &!?'•. — Sunr.y front room, suitable for
lady or ccralem an; ga$: bath; %" month.
LAKKIN. 3717— Sunny furr.'.sho- room.
L-AS PALMAr-, ISC Market St.— Suite of 2 or 3
rrr.s.; private; b_tr; Fin. rr_s.; boarl optional. 1
LIGHT unfurnirhei room; 1 block fram the i
Call. Box 2G5*. Call ofCce. I
McAT-LIPTIZH, E3&— Double parlors and kitchen; I
P_; bath: house: use of etove. i
MINNA. tU, rr. Sth— 2 la.rse Bunr.y unfumish«*d ]
on secorid floor; er.t:r?!y separate; re_sonaLle. I
MINNA. CC7, corner E:_hth— N«-wly furnished j
• fcay-wIr.Jow room, $1 per week; transient.
IfEESXOSE'. Ci— Furr.Ir.hed ro«^r.s for gentlemen, i
$G and $C j>cr month.
J.-E-.V ARUKGTON, 1913 Market St.— Nicely •
tcrnlabed rooms ZZ a week up; S5o a day up. 1
JvOHWOOD. Cll Tayicr— Furnished euncy
cuitee; _lso sir.cle iciO-U »; tenns rea_u3nable.
OTARP.IXL, _i) — Funr.y furr.'.^hed rooms an_
ofScee; tl»vator; electric lights; day, vvk., ao.
PAGE. 14 r *— l\'.<:e sur.ny frcnt room, cswly fur- I
Dished; tfr^is r*-a«ori_ble.
— ' 1
POLK, 717— One front room J6. and rear room t4. i
POLK, irC3— Ciean sunny roorr.F; bathn; home j
comforts; private; board optional; reasonable, j
ROrnrjAl-E House. 31S »r.d 321 Ellis Et. — Rooms, j
nipht 2oc to Jl. we^k Jl 2o to J4; open nlgrht.
P.OYAL. Ilause. It. KIMs n.— Incandescent light; j
reading-room. smokln_:-rocm and ladles' par- |
lor; rcrr.E, per n;«jht. 35c to $1 50: week, J2 to I
5S; rrsor.rh. is to t',»; elevator on pround floor; !
rooir-a iKrith hot and coH water: baths.
EHEHttAN AjjarUnent Bocee, .8 F-irhth et., j
near Market— Furbished or -nfurnished.
EIXTJI. UC — ?asny f— rr!.be_ rooms for ligrht
houfekoepim?: also other rooms.
1 BUTTER. 717, rear Tayicr— Sunny, choice, rea-
*or.ab!«; ploase lnvpstipate; bath.
THNTIT. 123. near Market— Small light room; >
runn'.njr water: $3 r>er month.
TURK, :2C— F_m:s!i*d Fumy rocms for 1 or 2
C> :<ts, <-r man and wife.
TtriiK. m — Front room eu:tab!e for 2 young-
men.
S NKWLT fum'f-hp. connecting Funny rooms, !
entirely exclusive; private family; verj" <5e-
firal-'.e neiphborhrvod; »>spccisii:y adapted for
l.-arjielor apartments. Box 2714, Call office.
J6 MONTH — P'.ttir-s r^na bed r^om; finely fur-
ni;.hed; sunny; gentleman. l>ox ZZX, Call.
A PHANTH .iffice for Call advertissment. arl
ISBbrerlpUocs hes been estabiishoJ at 1CS6 Va-
BOO9ZS a>d no Ann.
BOAKD and rooms at 415 Flm Et.. near Har-
rison.
riR^T-CI-AS.S modern family hole!; very eunny
rooms; fine table. :(X4 California ft.
FIUNKL1X, ir:;-A private family <?. adults);
larpr: sur.r.y ro<jn-.. Krat': suitable f->r 1 or .
I>er»onB; moderate to desirable paxtios.
VAN" NESS ave.. fiiO— Nirp'.y furnlsh-d front
roitr.f, with biard. uka parlor, piano, phono.
SPECIAX. SOTXCES.
I_ALJIi:S — Chirhtrt^r'B English Penryroval Pillj
are the b»st; fs.'.". reliable: take no _thc-r; !
tend 4c stamps for particulars; "Hellrf for
l__ics" In letter by return mall: at diug-
BtFt*. Chlchecter Cli--mical Co.. PhiladeL. Pa,
BAD tenants ejected for t«; collections mad-; !
city or rotrritry. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
4Vj Montgomery St., rooms 9-10: tel. D380. j
S__\VI%G SIACIirXKS AXIJ SII'I'LIES.
ALL kinds b^.uRht. tn'.i. rer.t^J. cschansi*. ; re-
r-lrlr.e; Jcwrtt rates; rpen even. 205 Fourth.
liOt.'GHT. sold, rente.. r«»ra1r«>d: needles ar.d
-huttles-: r»-J_ced rates. 14% <=th: ph'-ue Mint <5.
ALL kin<ls bousrht. *c!<l and rrpairin? jruaran-
teed. Cljarle? I'lambfclt. 1315 Mission, r.r. 'Lin.
STOKAGfi AXD WAUI.HOPSES.
EEkTVs Van «nd Storase Co., 722 Mission St.;
teL liain 3S«; Fhlpplng at cut rates.
WILSON HP.OS.. Etorage and moving; covcre.
\-ans. Tpr.th «n4 Market: phene South 762.
I-ACIFIC Rtorace and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. rS20 Flllmore Et.; phone Jackson 2»L
SLOT MACHINES.
COTTOITT ar.d sold: new and eecond-hand: larre
<U.p_y; v»»r cheaji. 927 Slarket. room 220.
- - •-;¦•• ' "—
DIED.
Barnee, Michael
Burnett. Kichard H.
Blach. Johanna
IJottorou, Benjamin
IJrc— .n. lir?. Mary C.
Connolly. Daniel
Doane, Charlotte
IVj'an, Mervyn J.
Ely. Sarah G. B.
Ewlns. Chesney TV.
Iversen. Georce W.
Jezsen. John -
Johnston. Elizabeth
Jones, Charles E.
Kelly. Tobias J.
Martln. Willard P.
Montgomery, Eliza
Porter, Dorothy I_.
Repan. Margaret
Reilley. Francis I
Ilich. Louis
Hlley, Minnie
Kocer., Margaret
nyan. Mark J.
Payres. Mrs. M.
Smith. David C
Spadicr. Ella
Etuhr. Chris H.
Sullivan, Matthe— J.
Walker, Mrs. Lucy
BARNES— In O_*lan_. October 13. 1000. Mlch-
HLNRY ,J. GALLAGHI-3 CO.,
iBucce-Ror to Flannacan _c Gallagher).
DAXIE- P. DQNOVAN. MgT.
FLTCERAL DIRECTORS Als'_> E_UAI_MEit3.
20 Fifth tt., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS'
— and 29 Fifth ¦_. TeL South 167,
I.UERAL DIKECTOaS AND EMBALXEB...
Fin».t Equipment at Moderate Rates.
As a substitute for the above, bids will
also lx» received for a double cylinder, double
friction drum holFtln* encine. complete with
boiler; engrlne to be similar In desi«-n and
ptze to engine number 2S, illustrated and de-
scribed on, pages 26 and 27 of the American
Hn!st and Derrick Co.'b catalogue, 1S3£-'S
edition.
J. A. -IcCANDLESS, Superintendent of
Public Works. Honolulu. H. T.
One double cylinder, double friction drum
hoisting enrlne, complete with boiler; enp'r.e
to be similar In design and size to machine
Illustrated ar.d described en papes 34 and 35
of the American Koist and Derrick Co.'s cat-
alogue, 1SS5-'G edition.
IiMders to Ptate time required to make de-
livery, and to furnish explicit speciacations
of What they propose furniEhinsr:
6EAI-FJ5 proposals will be received at the- of-
fice of Benahaw, Bulkley &- Co., 45 Frvmont
Et.. San Francisco, Cal.. until 12 o'clock noon.
OCTOBER 19TH. 100O. for furnishing: free of
cxpeue of delivery, at Honolulu, Ii. T., the
following machinery.
I'ROrOSAL..
TO when It may concern: Notice la hereby
piven that I have disposed of all my Interest in
the Lee'iiilmer Restaurant. 21S Mason st. and
1ST O'FarreU f^t.. to W. P. MILISICH and
PETER MISHIVTCH, who have obligated
themselves to pay all c« t liters. I am not re-
sj>onsible for any of tlie debts of either of the
ssid restaurants. MILAN J. SOSICII.
Dated October 12. 13C0.
NOTICE— Taxes due upon assessments made
by the State Board of Equalization — Control-
ler's Department, State of California. Sac-
r.irr.ento, October 9, 1900.— In accordance with
lh» provlFions of Section 3668 of the'Polltlcal
Rode, notice is hereby jriven that I have re-
ooived from the State Board of Equalization
the "Duplicate Record of Assessments cf
Railways" and the "Duplicate Record of Ap-
portionment of Railway Assessments." con-
taining the assessments upon th»- property of
«»r-Ch of the following named association.* or
corporations, as fixed by said State Hoard of
Equalization f"r the year ISfiO, to-wit:
Central Pacific Railroad Company, South
Pacific Coast Railroad Company. Southern Pa-
cific Railroad Company, Southern California
Motor Roed Company, Carson and Cclora<i3
R_l!rna-l Company, California Northwestern
Hallway Company (lessees San Francisco anj
North Pariflp Railroad). Santa Fe Paclfle Rail-
road PoTnp.iry, Pan Francisco and San Joaquin
Valley Railway Company, Southern California
Railway Company. North Pacific Coast Rall-
roa. Company, pacific Coast Railway Cora-
paajr, Tajaro Valley Consolidated Rail-
road Company. Nevada County Narrow-
Gaoce Railrotd Company. Nevada -Calif ornia.-
Orepon Hallway Company, AlameOa and Sa.n
J.iaquln Rail: cad Company. Sierra Railway
C irpany of California. Rand.bur;? Railway
Company. Gualala River Railroad Company.
Sierra Valleys Railway Company. California
and !C«v_gda R.-iilrcad Comnany. San Franciyco
and s.m Mateo 'Electric) Railroad Company
an.l rull-r.sii's Palace Car Company.
Tl:e State and county taxes on all personal
proi>*rty. ami cn^-linlf of the State and county
t.ix<"s on all re" I property are now due ar.d
payable, and will bo delinquent on the l_t
Mon&ay In November nejtt at 3 o'clock p. m.,
and unless paid to the State Treasurer at the
Capitol, prior thereto. X, per cent will be r.dded
to ihe amount thereof, nnd unless so ua!d on
or before the last Monday In April ne?:t, at 6
o'clock p. m.. an ad<iltlcr.al 3 per cent will
be added to tho amount thereof.
The rem~.ir.lng en«*-hclf uf the State and
county tcxea en all real property will be due
and pay.il'l? at any tint aftf»r the iirst Mon-
day in January ne-ct. nnd will be delinquent
on the laft Mr.aday in April n»_t. at 6 o'clock
p. m.. anJ unler. pr.ld to the State Treasurer,
at the Capitol, prior thereto, r, per cent will
be addeJ to the amount thereof.
B. P. COLOAN. Controller.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 84 (25c per
iharo of the Hutchlnson Su__r Plantation
Company will be payable at the office of the
company. No. 3.7 Market _t.. on and after
Saturday, October 20. 1900. Transfer booki
will close on Saturday. October 13. 1900. at 12
o'clock m. E. H. SHELDON.. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
ALWAYS bargains in typewriters : any make.
Write for prices to L # & M. ALEXANDER.
110 Montgomery st.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TTPEWRITERS-W«
veil better machines for les- money than, any
nous* in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, .36 California; telephone Main 266.
C~Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the
residence of James Taylor. 520 Thirteenth
street, near Clay, Oakland. Cal. Interment
Mountain Vl.w Cemetery. .--
Church, where a solemn requiem high mass
will b« celebrated for the repose of his soul.
commencine at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
WALKER— In Oakland, October 12, 1900. Mrs.
Lucy Walker, widow of the late A. G. "Wal-
ker, and mother of Lucile A. and Lillian E.
W alker, a native of London, England, aged
39 years and 9 months.
IE~The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence,
WO Howard street, thence to St Patrick's
[C~RemalnB at the parlors of H. F\ Suhr
& Co.. 1137 Mission street, between Seventh
and Elzhth.
SULLIVAN— In this city, October 12, 1900,
Matthew J. Sullivan, a native of San Fran-
cIrco, ased 42 years.
6TTJHR— In this city. October 6, 1900. Chris H.,
beloved husband of Meta C. Stuhr. and
father of Agnes, Amelia and Johnnie Stuhr,
a native of Denmark, aged 39 years.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 707 Green street, thence to St. Fran-
cis Church, where a requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repoee of her soul, com-
mencing- at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
0_TFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the Masonic
' Temple, corner Po«t and Montgomery streets,
under the auspices of Oriental Lodge No. 144,
F. and A. M.
EPADIER— In this city. October 12. 1900. Ella
Shadier, beloved wife of Peter Spadler,
¦ mother of Georgiana Spadler, and Bister of
Mrs. A. Smith, Mrs. G. V. Uhl and Ada Hlg-
glr.s. a native of Buffalo, N. Y. •
5_rFr!en_s are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Sunday),
at 2:30 o'clock, at the chanel of Odd Fellows'
Crematory.
SMITH— In this city. October 13. 1900, Davl_
Charles, beloved husband of Mary A. Smith,"
and father of David Charles Smith Jr., a na-
tive of Albany, N. Y., aged 65 years 8 months
and 1 day. *
B_TFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the services
this day (Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, at the
parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission
street, between Seventh and Eighth. Inter-
ment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
ROGERS— In Alameda, Margaret Rogers, be-
loved mother of Mrs. F. O. Gardiner. Mrs.
A. V. Feight and Mrs. P. W. Messinger, a
native of Dublin. Ireland, aged H years S
months and 12 days.
RYAN T -In this city, October 12. 1900, Mark J.,
beloved hUEband of Kitty Ryan, father of
Edna Ryan, son of Mary and the late Thomas
Ryan, and brother of Pete E. and Daniel M.
Ryan, Mrs. Sarah Houston and Thomas Ryan,
a native of San Francisco, aged 33 years and
22 days.
C_T Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
P.riRld's Church, where a solemn requiem
high mas3 will Iks celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
SAYRES— In this city, October 12. 1900. en-
tered into rest, Mrs. M. Sayres (formerly
Martha Smith), dearly beloved mother of
Elmer, Milton, 'Earl. Elva and Myrtle Sayrea,
dearly beloved daughter of Mr. and Mrs. H.
Schmidt, and sister of Selma and L. R.
Schmidt, a native of Dixon, Solano County,
aged 11 years and 9 months.
G-TNotice of funeral hereafter.
RILEY— In this city. October 11. 1300, Minnie,
beloved wife of Edward A. Riley. daughter
of Mra. M. Geerdts, and sister of Mrs. May
Botfle and XV. F. and Albert Geerdta, a na-
tive of Iowa, ased 31 years 2 months and 27
days. (Davenport, la., and Seattle paper-
please copy.)
C_yThe funeral will take place this day
(Sunday), from St. Dominie's Church, Beni-
cia, on the arrival of the 8 o'clock train
from San Francisco, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul. Friends are Invited to attend the mass.
Interment St. Dominic's Cemetery. Benlcla.
REILLEY— In this' city. October 11. 1300, Fran-
cis, beloved husband of Sadie Reilley, Bon of
Mra. S. Reilley of NorwaM, Lo_ Angeles
County, Cal., and brother of Charles Reilley,
a native of California, aged 40 years 1 month
and 20 days. (Los Angeles papers please
copy. )
C_?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fullv invited to attend the funeral thla day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
James Hasan. 445 Valencia Etreet. Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
RICH— In this city, October 13, 1900. Louis,
beloved husband of Mary Rich, and father of
Mrs. F. Marx. Mrs. H. Stern, Mrs. J. Gol-
lnsky and Alex and Ilerny Rich, a native of
Germany, ased 70 years.
E_TNotice o* funeral hereafter.
REGAN— In this city. October 12, 1900, Mar-
garet Regan, beloved daughter of the lato
Margaret Regan, and Bister of Mrs. James
McNulty and the late Mary Duffy, a native
of County Cork, Ireland.
G_7"Reniains at the parlors of J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co., 7G7 Mission street, Notice of fu-
neral hereafter.
KELLY — A high mass of requiem .will be cele-
brated for the repose of the soul of the late
Tobias J. Kelly at St. Mary's Church, Cali-
fornia street, to-morrow (Monday), at 9:30
o'clock.
MAItTIN— In East Oakland. October 12. 1900,
Willard P., beloved husband of Lillian F.
Martin, and only eon of N. H. Martin of
Halfmoon Bay. a native of California, aged
40 years and 21 days. A member of Unity
Lodge No. 131, I. O. O. F. : Golden Gate
Camp No. W. Woodmen of the World, and
Hesperian Parlor No. 137, N. S. G. W.
[pfFTierds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2:45 o'clock, from the family
residence, 673 Guerrero street, thence to I. O.
O. F. Hall, comer Sixteenth and Valencia
Ftreets, where services will be held under the
auspices of Unity Lodge, commencing at 3:30
o'clock. Interment at Redwood City to-mor-
row (Monday), at 12 o'clock. Train leaves
Twenty-fifth and Valencia streets at 10:45
o'clock.
MONTGOMERY— In this city, October 13. 1900,
Eliza Montgomery, a native of Oakland, Cal.,
ared 21 years.
PORTER— In Alameda, October 13, 1900. Dor-
othy Lindsay, beloved daughter or Captain
W. P. S. and Sophie E. Porter, aged 11 years
and <i months. (Victoria papers please copy.)
A. JACKSON. C. of R.
JOHNSTON— In this city. October 12, 1300,
UMzab^th, wife of Captain Robert Johnston,
and beloved mother cf R. II. and Andrew L.
Johnston and Mrs. William Nankervis, a na-
tive of Swansea, Wales, ased 56 years 8
months and 21 days. (Swansea papers please
copy. )
CLTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:33 o'clock, from the Chapel cf
the Good Samai-ltsn. Second street, near Fol-
sora. Interment Cypress' Lawn Ctmetery.
JONES— In this city, October 11. 1900, Charles
E. Jones.
__TFrlend3 are -e:=i>ectful!y invited to at-
tend tl<e funeral thi3 day (Sunday), at 1:45
o'clock, from Red Men's Hall, 320 Post street,
under the auspices of the Master Mariners'
Association. Interment Mountain View
Cometery. Remains at the parlors of the
California Undertaking Company, 405 Powell
etreet, near Post.
JESSES— In this city, October 12, 1900. John
Jessen, a native of Denmark, aged 62 years
and 10 days.
t_rOfficers and members of Mlantonomah
Tribe No. 9, Imp. O. R. MV, are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from lied Men's Hall.
.20 I'GSt street. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery. I>>- order of '
WILLIAM GREEXBLATT, Sachem.
E_yFTiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at S:45 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, -ill Harrison street, thence to St.
Brendan's Church, corner Fremont and Har-
rison streets, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing- at 9 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
DOANK— In West Berkeley. October 11, 10CO.
Charlotte, beloved wife of William Doane,
daughter of Mrs. Cecil Ehret, sister of Mrs.
O. C. Grimiell and Antone, Eugene and Char-
ley Ehret, and niece of Anatolle Ehret, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 25 years.
E_TKrlends and acquaintances aro respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(bumlay), at 12:3u o'clock, from the mother's
residence, 1516 Fifth street. West Berkeley,
thence to Odd Fellows' Crematorium, by way
of 2 o'clock crock boat.
DOL.VN— In this city. October 12, 1900, Mervyn
Joseph, beloved eon of John ar.d Mamie
Bolan. a native of San Francisco, axed 10
nunths and 7 days.
E_TThe funeral will take place this day
(Sumlay), at 12:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his parent3, Ic2 California avenue. Inter-
ment private. In Holy Cross Cemetery.
ELY— In this city, October 12, 1S0O. Sarah G.
B-, beloved wire of the late G. S. B. Ely,
and mother o£ George, James, William and
Pavid Ely, a native of England, used 4S
jears and 11 days.
E-T-Frienda and acquaintances are respect-
fuliy invited to attend the funeral this day
(bunday). at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. V. Suhr & Co., 1107 Mission street, be-
uveen Severnh and Eighth. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
EWIXO-In this city. October 13, 19C0, Chesney
W. iiv.-ine, beloved brother of- Stanley Ew-
ins. a native cf Mlchisan, agTid S4 years.
IVEH-EX— October 11. 1?CO, Georce W., dearly
belovel husband of Mary D. Iversen, father
of Gladys Anita Iversen, son of Mr. and Mrs.
Niels Iversen. and brother of Mrs. Annie M.
Johnson. Mrs. H. C. Jensen and Charles M..
Iver and Arthur Iversen, a native of San
Francisco, ue<h1 36 years 3 months and 7 days.
ael, beloved husband of Rebecca V. Barnes,
and father of M. N. Barnes. Mrs. George H.
Stewart of Los Angeles. Mrs. J. F. Ellis and
Mrs. W. P. Ransom, a native of North Caro-
lina, aeed 85 years 10 months and 4 days.
BARNETT-In this city, October 12. 1900. Rich-
ard Henry Barnett, brother of Ella J.. John
J. and George P. Barnett, a native of Sacra-
mento. Cal., ased 33 years. An officer of
Rincon Parlor No. 72, N. S. G. W.
C_TTbe funeral will take place this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock; from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Rose's Church for services. In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
BI-A.CH— In this city, October 13, 1900, Jo-
hanna, beloved wife of Dr. Charles Blach,
s^cth^r of Mrs. Colman Blach and Bert and
Flora Blach. aged 62 years 3 months and 8
days.
C~Notice of funeral hereafter.
BOTTEROU-In this city. October 13, 1900,
-Benjamin Betterou, a native of Switzerland,
aged 67 years.
BROWN— In Philadelphia, October 13. 1900.
Mrs. Mary C. Brown, widow of the late
George W, Brown, and mother of Mrs. Lan-
sing M. Rlngwalt of San Francisco.
CONNOLLY— In this city, October 13, 1900.
_>aniel, beloved husband of Mary Connolly,
and father of John, Joseph and Frank Con-
nolly, Urs. K. Reid, Mrs. H. St. Clalr, Mrs.
R. R-jblnson and Mrs. A. O'Connell, a native
of County Cork, Ireland, aged CS year. '7
months and 5 days.
L_GAL AD\ I ERTISi.MENTS.A'rtc York Stock Market.
NHTT TORK, Oct. IS undertcse of the
rtock markrt cortinuf-d Crra to-day and th«
an>earE.nce of th* back etatemect w&e a sig
ns! for a buyir-r rawfjwst which carried prices
¦up sharpy, rna-kinp tfce c!o*inK flrm at the top.
Xet pains Jn most in«tance« are a point. Peo
ple'« Can was th« feature and the continued
florrjESd from the short Interest carried it up
to !>ic with a relapse of only a slight fraction.
The eace cf call noney yesterday had prepares
the public fcr Eor=« modifying factor to th«
r>eavy decline d cash to the Interior. That
=..•€•::.-:.: izseZI l» »«t fully reflected In th«
EASTERN MARKETS.
XEW TORK. Oct. U.-FLOUR-Recelpts.
23.J31 barrels: exports, 22.SS0; sales, 5100 pack
ape*. Market Inactive and a little easier at the
close. Winter patents. U "0^4; winter straights,
f! IZQZ €1; Minnesota patents, |4 20§< 60; win
ter extras. $2 70§3; Minnesota bakers'. JJQ 1
3 40; winter low trade*. 12 45g* 60.
WHEAT— Receipts. 215.700 bushels: exports.
€3,$CI; sales, 1,S73,000 bushels*future8, -iO.000
erot. Spot, easy; Xo. 2 red. SOQS&Hc tab
afloat: Xo. 2 red, 7GHc elevator; Xo. 1 Xorthern
Enjlutb. lH\e t. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard l>u
luih. iOHc f. o. b. afloat. Options opened
steady c-n higher cables, but met rather liberal
selling by yesterday's purcahsers, who had
r-rcnts on their wheat and were influenced by
prospects of bearish statistics on Monday
doped weak at V5?»ic net decline. March
84St>S4 s »c. closed MSc: May. £4#S4 1-lSc. closed
$4c; October, 7S*i37S T ic closed 7SHc; Decem
btr. S8%8n 3-16c. closed £t>Ha " . v
HOPS— Quiet: Statr common to choice. l&S
1^:; Pacific Coast. 15*3 crop. 1&@1Sc
HIDES— Quiet; Galreston. 23 to 23 pounds
1-c; California, 21 to !5 pounds. lSHc
WOOL— Dull; domestic fleece. 2JS2Sc; Texas,
U&lSc .
PIGIROX— DuU; Northern. JHfflS; Southern.
JL^IS.
COPPER— Dull ; brokers, $16 S7V».
LEAD— Dull: brokers, 14.
T1X PLATES— DuU; no quotations. * \
COFFEE— Spot Rio, quiet; Na T inroloe,
S*tc; mild, quiet; Cordova. S^^lli Futures
«— 3f
XEW TORK. Oct. 18.— The weekly statement
of avera;« cf the aF?ociated banks Efccws:
Lc«r.p. d?cr»ase. tS.S>55.70!>. Deposits.
SSajSS&tOQ; decrease, JlS.fUS.lW. Circulation,
IO2SS.600; Increase. J172.S00. Legal tenders.
I59.CC1.VC0; decrease. J5.52S.S00. Specie, 11&?.
:59.290; decrease. J3.144.90-3. Total reserve. J213.-
JCl.lCt': decrease. SJ.SSS.at'O. Reserve required.
J215.2rc.17i: decrease. J3.S0i.S2;. Surplus reserve.
JU«,ra; itervue, n.777,?75. \
The Financier »ays: The statement of the
New York clearing-house banks for the week
ending Octoter 13 is tetter than earlier calcu
lations had led bankers to t>e!ieve. In the
first place the loss in cash, instead of being in
eiceFS of Ji.OOO.000. as estimated, was only
sJiElitlyj^in c-xcefB of five and a half millions.
and the heavy contraction of tlo.€^:.i00 In de
posits lessened reserve requirements by 13.S00,
cOQ, thus offsetting in large part the effect
of tho outflow of currency to th» Interior. The
week's operations resulted in a reserve shrink
age of or.ly J1.777,P75, reducing the present ex
ciss of ?4.i?3.Ji>. a total which, while small,
has been reached several times this year and
; last. The item in the statement which show*
: how the banks have been able to meet the
drain on their funds and still maintain a. leeaj
; percentage of reserve, or one near It, is that
; of loans. The loan account has been rather
i expanded this season and the contraction of
! tS.SC5.709 has been made without much effect:
j on the market. The ruling* money quotations
Bive no sign that a fear of stringency exists
i although rate. 1 : naturally are at a higher figure.
i Calculations already are being made as to the
; dnr&Uon of the present movement to the South,
: but with cotton at high prices and the mar
ket active these estimates are apt to be mis
leading. Tbe gold import already contracted
I and arranged for prove of themselves the
; strong position of the Xew York banks In a
; money senj-e. and under normal conditions
thete shipments can be expanded at will. Half
the cotton crop oX the United States Is ex
1 ported during the months of October. Novem
ber and December, assuring a credit balance
; large enough to prolong gold imports if neces
; sary- It is doubtful if the New York banks
: will lose as much money next week as they
: reported Saturday. At any rate the receipts
i of specie frcm Europe will figure in the fortB-
I coming statement as an offset, thua minimizing
I reserve reductions.
THE STOCK MARKET.
BOSTON. Oct. 13. — The Earl Fruit Company
auctioned California fruit to-day and realized
the following prices: Grapes— Tokays, single
crates, fic^itl 75, average Jl IS; Muscats, sin
gle crates. $1 IC^Z 90. average H S2: Cornichon.
r:ngle crates. $1 S5©1 &>. average Jl 56. Three
cars so!d to-day. Weather hot.
PHILADELPHIA. Oct. 13.— The Earl Fruit
Ccnvpaay'p sales of California fruit at auction
to-dav are a? follows: Grape« — Tokays, doubie
crct-s. 13 ftc^S z r .'. average $3 13: Tokays, sin
gl-; crates, tl^^ 20, average JI 60; Clusters,
single crates, Jl S532 10. average t2 Cl; Ccrni
chon. single crates. $1 C61 45. average, Jl 30;
Musoats. pirgle crates, average Jl So. Plums —
Coo's Red Late, single crates, averace SOc.
Two cars fold to-day. Weather hot.
PITTSBURG. Oct. 13.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany sc!d California fruit at auction to-day,
realizing the following prices; Grapes— Tokays,
single crates. Jl tO&l Z0. average $1 17; "Clus
ters, single crates, average tl 75; Pomegranates,
single crates. I1S1 S5. average fl 20; Persim
mens, single crates, average J2. Prunes—Ital
ians, single crates, average 5C>c; Silver, single
crates, average 6ic. Two cars sold to-day.
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, Oct. 13.— CATTLE— Receipt*. VA.
Nominally steady. Natives, good to prime
steers. *S 4O??5 S5; s-oot to medium. J4 4f-?i5 3'J;
celected feeders, ii ~5Qi 40; mixed stockers,
|2 T:«j3 Co: cows, J2 SS0i 25; heifers. J2 75g4 75;
cariners. J2 CCk5|'2 €3; bulls, $2 75^4 GO; calves,
S«€rS 25; Texas fed ete^rs, *4§4 50; grasfera
S3 2CS4 10; bulls. J2 7£fi3 25.
HOGS — Receipts to-day, 16.000; to-morrow.
S.V.O0; left over. 3000: 6010c lower: top. $5 2T» S :
mixed and butchers. $1 fcO'gS 2TH; &ood to choice
heavy. J4 POgs Z*: rough heavy. |4 Z'StH 7i;
light. $4 Si&0 27V,: bulk of sales, $Sgs 15.
SHEEP — Receipt*. 1000. Shetp and lambs
steady. Good to choice wethers. J3 55^4 10; fair
to choice mixed. $3 4ig3 £5; Western sheep,
{3 SiQ4 10: Texas sheep, $2 v.*qS CO: native
lambs, tl I3Q5 60; Western lambs. t< 1ZQZ Ji.
Nczv York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. Oct. 13.— The cotton market
opened easy, with prices unchanged to 10
pcints lower, and was unusually quiet as a
result of alternative waves of buying and sell-
Ing of a week-end settlement nature. The
market closed weak, with prices net i to 10
points lower.
Nezv York Money Market.
NEW TORK. Oct. -13.— The exports of specie
from this port to all countries for this week
apgrega-ted $1.11S,S1S silver bars and coin and
$13,334 grold. The imports of specie were $:i.%4
gold and 425,146 silver. The.- import g of dry
ccods and merchandise were valued at $3.S40 -
245.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. Oct. 12.— Consols, 9SH : silver. T9V t ii;
French rentes. SSf s:s<". Wheat cargoes en pas-
Sage, buyers independent operators; English
country markets, quiet.
LIVERPOOL. Oct. 12.— Wheat, steady ; Xo. 1
Standard California. «s S^idSrto 7d: irheat in
Paris, steady; flour in Paris, steady: French
country market! 1 , quiet.
COTTON*— Uplands. 6d.
CLOSING.
¦WHEAT— No. 2 red Western -winter, dull.
6s 2%d; No. 1 Northern spring, quiet. 6s 3d;
No. 1 California,. 6s 6Vjd- Fnturrs firm; De
cember. Cs 5Hd; February. Cs 3%d. '
CORX— Spot, firm: American mixed, new.
<s 5^»d: do. old. nominal. Futures firm: Novem
ber. 4s 3"--id: December, 4s :*id; Januarj'. la
l*»d.
FLOUR-St. Louis fancy winter, steady.
is Cd.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAXD. Oct. 11-Clearings. $2!«.S29
balances. JI0.975.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGOX.
PORTLAKD, Oct. 13.— The local wheat mar-
Let is -weak In sympathy with foreign auLzttets
BJid a freipht situation which cannot saiely be
termed weak In spite of its Inactivity.. 'Ex
porters are paying **£ for Walla Walla. For
expert valley Is quoted at S7c and bluest em
about the eame.
WASHTXGTOX.
TACOMA.' Oct. IS. — WHEAT— N'o trade doin«
and prices ncrair^Jly ! »c lower. Bluestem, C-6~ic;
club. £3 V»c; both for export.
California Fruit Sales.
LIVERPOOL.
"Wheat — Dec. Feb.
Opening 62H 6 3",
ClOElng 6:4 6 S= 8
PABIS.
Wheat— . Oct. Jan-April,
owning a> 19 :i 4".
Closing 10 10 21 45
Ficur —
Ojx-ni r.(? 2550 T! 30
CTo.«ing 25 £0 27 33
Articles— «--celpts. Shipmems.
Flour barrel!? Za.f.i*) 13,000
Wheat bushp'.s m.000 SU.000
Ccrn bushels 150.000 7a3,«!0
Oa).=. bu?hela AZiMti 22X608
P.ye bus'-.cis 13.t>fin 3.000
Darley. tus-hels 186.OC0 II, 0W
On th^ T'roduce Exchange t&-day the Butter
market was firm; creamer^', I'.QIC'Ho; dairy, 13
*ilic. Cheese, firm, 10USll?*c. Eggs, firm;
fresh. 17c.
CALL CALENDAR.
OCTOBER. 1500
Th.e' Modem Croesus.
Rumor has It that no man who fver
lived amassed millions so rapidly as Alfred
Beit, who is reputed to be the wealthiest
man In the world, with a fortune of
£20&.000t000 and an income suSdect to
make ten new millior.ai»?3 ever>- year.
The whole of this colossal fortune has
Veen made •within a quarter of a century.
Mr. Beit, who owes hia millions to Kim
berley and Johannesburg, is a can cf 45.
Bank CL~z rings.
Loca! t&=.5c rtw-rlngt lift week were- VXlTX.-
ZV>. eeair-st {S.S0M71 frr the fame week last
year.
7/:." Circulation.
Acccr-llr^F I ) ¦ TliMMaty statement the racwv
in cirru'.a:::- :r. the Ualted States en October
1 wec s . rsllpwa:
*>>i - - lesoLMr^a
BHver :::i£rs. 71.176.2S3
Frr.3..: 7?.tr.l3?
OoM eerUficatu 2H94U.S49
e;:v»r certificates: ..;.. «2attes.ns
TreMOTT r.rtes
ir.:-.--i ruxtn S:«.5-*>.X14
Ccrreacy certif.eatv^s 1 (C« WO
yarifffal bari notes S^.SSoico
, r^ «xnx»tw
2= 3 l,S4«.703.1sS
Irrre.^se HM.SSL.4i7
The chs.=pes fcr September were an increase
cf K.SS.0M :r. Dntted State* r.otes, W.TW.C-Ci" in
SCaTlomil, Bsr.k note*. M^S0.Wa in silvt-r oerti
<l=at«. M.a5»jC00 in tiivtr dcliars and tI.K3.4Oe
lr. rsbcidiarr eliver. The circu!ati!>n per cap
ita c^ October 1 was JT7.0L tas«l ca a pepu-
Utlca cf aLST.OQOL
T^^ National Cashbox.
The f-.iterr.ert cf c a$ h ; a »±^ rr.'.trf States
Tretmry for Octot-cr 1 is as fo"ows:
Beacrni fund—
i 'i clr. tr.i b^rs. JZ50,C< l( ?, l X l 0 <T>
Trust fund —
"'-'- COla nS.!:S.€73OT
Eilver a ">l'ars 4Ci.lS3.O00 0" 1
v rer d :.ET-?i of i s s5 ;.s"i]«t; {•>
E •-¦v bars cT Z£M 64 7«r <*"** o>>
fr.;t?-3 ootea l.KW} 03
G^r^ml fund—
G \i ctr. ar.l l>ars 45.414. £32 t«
• --iif.c~s.tes 30.n6.S3Ji <»
Odd o»r-tin<-ate« 4.«*T.KS <"«'
p Uver r*-r-_ locates 2.< 1 C0.O7S Cifi
E3wr bolllca £*.O2J .'5
I'sited Btatei notes S0JSH.VSn
maasary nocea <f i^JJ 1U.S12 <y>
I ¦ r.ril b&r.k nrtes S.CCS.TS^ 4%
FtmeOasmi E:iver cc-in f.re%,£o5 45
Fractiooal currency u* 72
Miner «3i3 ...". (W.7Q0S
;* I4.^c; t;
N. *: rs-. i 5?aEk dej-^fitcrie*—
Credit rntmtr C 6 f».ISI,CO GS
'^--:t '". .- i:rf. c:£ -ers f.'i5.t«S S
rot*] r.:^.447.o: js
Coinage of the Mints.
Tb« eobace o* tbm Cslted States irirts for
tbe csrrenx ca^slar year :s as ronanrs:
r»t:b!e tables (55.Z».f49W
j&frits t,-.o,ta»\
Italf UlZltm 7.343.2S5<«
Oiiar»eT <ag:»-« €7.540 00 1
Ftan^-wr^f dc-Jiars "»7 r.'-c rw> 3
Hair dollar* 3.'i:«."4cf ('}
r iallzn 1SS.7J9 3
: -'- c :.c4.sy? 20
N " " fST.K.* 73
' r '^ C21.21S €4
Taatl HO.TT7.0WW
J - -' : - U8.ia.12S IS
Dried Frztit in Neva York.
Ma'.! £lvlc*« frc^n New Tcrk fay:
?T1m CSamtTTy w-ar-i fs.:i weather up to
£:=.-_• h£« *:=•;-. i.a:k the jrreat VtibBXm of trade
It-, drte-i fr-^!t -K-fcich tas t«»n expected for
sorne tir-.e. Last «r«k trade T.-a? parti '"-''ar'y i
»a4 Jtafcbew ar» uatoufr lockir.g fair a cold
•pen. wh;-h It is F»nerally admitted is slM
tha.t ;s ne^isaxT to tr.n« about rood, hetltltr i
•.ctivitr. 1= a few !in** there- it a fair de- '
rr.an4 for Jobber!, tut. £s a v.ho'.e. trade- i« uu :
less. Cirrasts, rai?:-?. jrjr.es. dates" ar.d
evapcrs.te'i s.r-P>? are t*;np tjiien in a s.T.ii'
¦way for :m=ie>iia.T» warts, tvut a* yet t'-ere- is
C^thlns that lock* !ik* :a.yir.c In ar.v !anc>
rt&cks, except in th» huyirur cf n«-w Calif.^nia
n^f'.rj, eii the Eastern trade now ha« it*
r*.^:r. re^uireir.er.ts «eil carrd for.
•"Ct^fcrnia raisiTis £r* vf-rj- f.m;, *na there
la »orn.e talk of an Smirsediate advance en v^r,(>
Of th.e ecarcer lise*. On spot Fe*-3ed aj>? in
active d^nand. The rr.arket on r.rw ha
portcd Su'.tar^s is tMg^tly lower, cooda be^e
effered a.t tlcut ~ic under previous quotations.
OcrrKirts were Srm at th<? cloe* of the w**k
«t 1^5-*-*^ for old AmaliajB. with a fair bu*i
cess r*pcrte3 at those quotations. X»"w ATr^a-
I'ts were ?urrted at 12 : jc. but no fa'e* were
t<*ari cf. Th»re vrz* quite a ge-fral feelinir
that trices of bcth eld md new would be id*n
tlctJ t<>-4ay. or at lea^t very «"ocTi. on account
of tfc« adsn!tte<; inferiority of the new crip.
Nuts are very quiet."
Weather Report.
CSMh iler!5ian— Pacific Tirue.)
SAN* FRAXCI5CO. Oct. 13—3 p. m.
Th* fotlowlrg iraiiiir-ni terapcratares were
rt^crtei frosi stations in California to-day:
Eurek* EG Lost Ar.ge!« 75
MoOBS TajnsJ^als... O Eacraaenw 76
Eadneeficoet « s* 3 Luie Oblfpo T2
Red Bluff "* Saa D'.»eD €&
rr^na - ?S
Ear Francisco data: Maxim up temperature.
t>- '. r:: -.:¦-¦ :irr., £2; mean. £5.
V.E.iTKER CONDITION? AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
T?-e Te**sre has fallen over Northem Wajt-
J'rJ'S^ar.i rlsea elsewhere west of the Rocky
Vr-untaJr-s. It Is t'.gtiesx an the coast of Nerth
«m CklttflCSU sr.i lowest is Ariscn.a.
The tejspersiur* tea ren-.slse-I nearly eta
t:-r.ary 1= a:i Cittricts. It Is Generally ab-^ve
Kfae no-m*3 «xr*-pt aiorsi? tie immediate ccast.
? here it If «:isfct'y below. ...
Tbt weather i" clear thrrsuehoBt the interior
at N"Kth<?ra >*tif orr::a, Nevada an 3 Southern
Idaho; «:»»irtiere it ts *en»ral!y cloudy ar.d
threal^rJrar. L:rht rain has fallen in portions
rf Northern '"aliforrsia and Southern Ltaii.
Fere-ast rsade at Pan Francisco for thirty
J u^ s endir.? rrildnight. October 14. 1C<O:
•Cortlien Ca:ircrr.'.a-Fair. except clou2v o
f-rcy jUcng- rhe cctst in the mominr: l:«T-t
P'Kitbirn CEiifcrnia — Cloudy, profcably -with
KsXtO«4 shower?, funiay; lipht trest wlnS.
Nevada— Fair fur.day.
Vtah— C!ocdy. with f he were. Sunflay.
/LTLzoz^i. — C.zuCt. with »caitered iSowwt.
Sac 'Pranc'.ico End v:c!r.ity— Cloudy or fogrr
In the maattag. cleanng durir.«r the dar: light
*«t w:r-<L G. H. TVILLSOK
Loral Forecast Official.
bank statement, as the heavy shipments toward
the end of the week counted for little in rr.ak
inp up the dally average*. Add to this the
heavy loan contraction, which swrved to brin?
down the reserve requirements $3.&05.cS5, thus"
redt:cir.£ the irroad uron the surplus to Jl,
<>..S7Tj. The room traiers were disposed to dis
count at once a favorable- bank statement for
next week, as the t3.5T0.CO0 coming- from Eu
rope will figure in the statement. Receipts of
Klondike gold are expected r.ext week and the
pensicn payments by the Sub-Treasury ar«<
looked to for some relief. The bullish traders
also urcued that the advance in interior ex
change on New York might be th* harfcinser
cf a failing off in the interior demand for cur
rency, but this view did not find countenance
!n ba.Ek:r.s circle*. Aside from these ebulli
tions of the professional speculators, there wa3
a substantial growth of & ser.se of security In
financial circles by rt«scn of the declared pol
icy of th«? Bank cf France to furnish export
Sold for relief of any threatened monetary cri
ets. The announcement of this policy by a
bar.k official attracted wider atterftion in Wall
Ftre«t than any other inci lent of the day. The
Baik of France now pott^tses the largest *in
cle accumulation of gold In the world. Its
holdings stand at J457.SH.2G0. and that It is new
made available for the relief of any threatened
crisis in the world's icor.ey markets Is a fact
of world-wide imix?rta.E.ce.
La--=t Saturday's bank statement has left its
lnEuence on the stock irerket throughout the
| week and has Lro-ght home to the' nnar.cial
i world once more how completely the money
; market's resources and the demands upon it
I had be*n miscaicuiared. The events of tho
I K«k. cot*bly the abFttntion of the Bank of
i England governors from advancing the official
i discount rate, show that foreign money nar
! keu have even yet failed to grasp entirely" the
¦ fttfM of the m<ia»y requirements in this eoaa
. try wrer the preliminarj- la^t summer.
' Possibly the r.e»-s from the Sk>uth African go'.l
| mlct-s will resume was a factor in this, but it
; weins fcaseil rather on the assumption that the
i rrc5«-«:t conditions of cotton exports are tem
) porary and will change with the movement of
j the croj). Tlie liquidation Sn the cotton iriar
i ket by bcth foreign ar.d don;estlc holders fol
*.'..wiT.|r the unusually favorable monthly report
[ by the Governmer.t giv«»s 5o^e r-ciints to this
assumptier:- New York bajikjng authorities
I have tboTE some reluctinoe to press <iemantls
: for cold remittance- from abroad. American
[ fir^nciers fee a motive of K-lf-intertst in re
fra'.r.ir.R from precipitating a money stringency
E.r.1 f.jrcing liqui'lation in the fortigm roarkft.
That Xiiuida-tioii ibroad may have a reflex ac
tion in New York is shown by the r«-cent large
se-liirjg for Beriin account cf Northern Pacinc.
It is certain that a wholesale recall of our
foretea credits would opmtt to curta.il our
exr&rt trals very matcrtaily. Th<^e Is no more
taik heard that the reaction In general busi
ness aad the country's increased money sjpply
will relax the tre-ysure u;.«m the gnat money
ccnten for the u?u»l fall dtiriar.i.". It is now
e^dent that the slieht delay this y<ar com
from Xew York to the interior was due to the
fact that the bank had met the earlier demand
by patting out their newly ijsuM bank notes.
Bat already the banks hav« thlpped nearly as
much lawful rconey this y.jr as. ?.&* shipped ap
to the first »«k ! In Dccemixr ct last year.
Bankers also look for large ac!iitJor.aJ demands
for mon^-y after ejection on the theory' that
much business If held in abeyance until that
time. On account of th^se conditions the de
mands for stock* during the "w<rr-k has been
lethargic and speculation narrow, but no pres
sure of liquidation has be*>n shown.
Trading in bend? ha.« br^n small and price*
generally have moved narrowly. Ur.itM ?tat?-s
r*fUE<Jlr^ 2*. the S? a.nd old 4« dec!!n<-l >i per
cent en call. «as compared with prices a year
££O.
XETV TORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Clo?lr2
Sold. Sto-:kF— Bid.
£.;;u Atchison -. 2ST«
4.S42 Atchison pr«-fd 71S
1.000 Baltimore & Ohio IV-t
Canadian Pacific &s*i
Canada Souther?*. 5>
900 Chtsaje-aMe & Ohio 2S'i
Chicago Grrst Western IPS
4- T SX< Chicago Burlirsrton & Q-ilncy U&m
Chicago Indianapolis &. I>ouls SO^
Chicago lndianai>clis & Lou'.s pf<!.. 52
Chicago & Eastern Illinois S3
Chi<-*«o & Northwestern 1«>
500 Chicago Rock Islard & Pacific 1«
CCCi St Louis 604
Colorado Southern 5H
Co'.craio Southern 1st prefd 36^
....... Coloraao Southern 2d prefd 14^
t>*-'.s.-»rar^ & Hudson- Ill
1 I'jelaware Lackawanna & 'Western.. 1< .H
; Denver & Rio Grand" 1S*»
Denver ft TUo Grande prefd 67
: Erie II",
: Eri« lFt rrefd 34
10* Great Sonr.^rn jrefd 1S4
I Hockir.? Coal 14'j
S Hocking Valley S3
1« Illinois Central 116'i
'¦*-! Iowa Central IS
ISO Iowa Central r*refd 40
Lake Krie & Western 30
Lake Erie & Western prffd $54
Lake PtK-re SK4
2.1-V' Louisville &¦ Nashville 7?*
S.C45 Manhattan L : S2 5 i
l.Sj'i MetropoSi-an Street Railway 1»"-H
M«Tc!can Central 11H
100 MinneapoHy & Ft Louis 54U
E23 Mlnnoar-oHy & Ft Louis prefd.. 95
2,150 Missouri Pacific 50 T i
Mobile- & Ohio 33
Mis»ovrl Kansas & Texas 9H
1.125 Missouri Kansas A- Texas prefd.... 2S
ZA New Jersey C^rtral 124
l,tV> Nev.- York Central 129K
I **> Norfolk & 1V«*tern ...; 34",
I ...... Xorfolk & ¦Western prefd "j 1 *
S.SOO Northern Pacific 51li
412 Northern Pacific prefd 70
*» Ontarto & Western 25^
Orear-r^ Railwcy & Naviiratlon 42
I Oregon E»i'.«ay Sz Navigation prefd 7€
5.4P-2 Pe-niisylvan!a IS^s
zm Beadir-g 25
TOO Reading l»t pr^fd KH
R^dlrig 2d rrcfd £S'4
i Rio Grande Western i ... 4S
I Rio Giand* Western prefd fi
f.-> ?t Louis & San Franrlsco lO'-i
ZCQ St Louis f: S:n Franci»co lrt pfd. CZ'-i
1^3 ft I^oul* & San Francisco 5d pfd.. X2*i
V*> St I»uis Southwestern 12si
Tf* 1 ) Sz Louis fvouthwestern prefd... 2SH
E.tTa St Paul 112^4
Pi Paul pr«-fd 1S?4
St Paul & Omaha. 1C>
1.779 Fouth«?m Pacific S3*»
J» J?a-Jthfrn Railway ll^
S.SS3 S=oulh*rrn Itailway prefd 52»»
2T0 Texas & Pacific 15^,
15.0T4 irnlon Pccif'c 55%
1,45* t;nion Pacific prefd 74
-We.ba*h "
203 Wat.a-«h prefd 17V
Whaling & Lake Krle *H
WbeeUflS & Lake Erie 23 prefd 224
Y*t WUconsin OntraJ 114
ZS Thfr-i Avenue 111%
Hxpre** conr.penies —
Adam* •••• 123
American 1£1
I'r.itH FUte* 43
WVi's-Fanro 124
Mi» / **'llan' > ouF —
S00 An-.erican Cotton Oil S3?;
| American Cotton Oil rrefd £3
American Maltlnir 44
i American Maitinc pr»f<l 23
2.SV) American Fmeltir.g & Ref.n S^H
10O American Prneltinfr & Refin prefd.. S>»»
American Spirits l
Arr.erican BplrtU rrrfd 17
i American Pteel Hoop l*t*
-ifio Arn«^iceT> Pt^e] II'>«5 prefd 67>i
! 2.S/-T' American Fte^I fc TVir* S3V;
<w Araer1<~»n Fteel & prefd T3*i
1M> American Tin Plate 3t\i
yti Amertctn Tin Plate prefd K3»i
«.«W American Tt.bacco S2' 4
If* Aiwricm Tobacco prefd ...129
Zt** Anaconda Mining Co 43
7.7C7 Brnnklm Ranid Trar^it 6JS
4C* Colorado Fuel A Iron 33\
S.U5 Continental Tobacco 2«i
ST-0 Continental Tobacco crefd 77*4
1 i.100 Federal Steel 34
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
AVheat Xo. 2—
O«.tober »H "5H "4tb '4 1 *
November TS 76 75 ioH
December 75 1 ; 7t^i 7»H 7a T »
October" °.'..'~ 41S 41H 41_ 41H
November 3SH 3^-j 37-» 3S
December SsH 33*4 35% S5H
Oats No. 2 —
October 21H 21'-, 21U 21H
November 21", 21 T % 21Hi 21H
December 22i 4 22 ! * 21** 21 T *
Hers Pork, per bbl—
October 15 ™
November 11 W 1120 11 00 11 C-0
Januirj- U 50 11 c-5 11 25 11 27S
Lard* t«r 1» lbs—
October T C7H " C7'-i 6 87U 6 ?74
November 7 074 " c -' l 2 6 87% « i-'-x
January « 72^ 6 73 6 i7' s 6 60
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
Octcber 7 45 7 45 7 33 7 3"
Norembcr 6 70 6 70 6 45 6 45-
January € 124 6 15 6 CO 6 Cflj
Cash quotations were as follow*: Flcur. quirt:
winter patents. $3 3Cff4 10: straights. $3 20*13 V>:
clears J3 20*?3 ?.>>: spring sr-ecials, M 6TQ4 70;
patents $3&"g4 10; straights. £1083 69; bakers.
I2 3(-£2K; No. 3 Rprlng wheat. 70 l t@7: 1 s »c: No
2 red. 7:a7« I^c: No. 2 corn. nMC-tt%c; No. 2
yellcw. 41 1 g?!Vc: No. 2 oats, 21 s i l ft22Vic: No. 2
white, 24>-§^'-^e: No. 3 white. nuSESc: No.
2 rye fair to choice malting barley,
K{?6<>c: No. 1 Rax $wd. SlJ*gl T>: No. 1 North
western, f! 7->*?l 71: !<rime timothy S'--e<l. SI ll$t
4 JO; rr.eW pork. p*r bbl. $15«3"1= Z*; lard, per 1-jO
lt-s ' IS SC5 7: fhcrt-rib sides lloc?e). $7 40^7 70;
dry salted shoulders (boxed), e's.tiSHc;- short
c'tar sides (boxed*. SS 1055 2?: whisky, hasla o(
high win»>s. Jl 27; clover, contract grade. ?Uf $?.
* CHICAGO. Oct. 13.— Trade in wheat was of a j
small local character. The tendency was j
weaker and deals were made largely for the
purpose cf standing even over Sunday. The
short interest was pretty well eliminated dur
ing yesterday's bulge and the majority of the i
crowd went h f ne with some long stuff on their j
hands. To-day liquidation and selling by ]
bears, who abandc.ne-3 the short side the pre- j
\ iouF session, continued in a dull way rncst j
of the session. Liverpool closed w;th an ad
vance, but it was not regarded as enc^uragrinc.
especially a« no export orders found their way
ir.to this* market. The weather was favorable. ¦
December opened at 76\Q7CHc and declined to j
7-=* 1 fi7i*ic. closing "»??le lower at 75*»53 7S T *c
• Ccrn was heavy, chiefly on account of the j
prospective early movement of the new crop, j
but also in sympathy with wheat. December j
closed He down at 35*gc.
Oats were fiat. December closed \c lower j
at 21T»c.
Provisions opened steady on hog receipts un- ¦
rier the estimate, but en selling credited to an
influential packer the market declined and the
clrvse was weak. January perk closed 20c ur.- ,
der yesterday, lard 12»*gljc lower and ribs j
7 l "*?10c down.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Chicago Grain Market.
Bank clearings show the usual weekly gain.
SUvcr declined again. Exchange unchanged.
Wheat quieter and lozver on the spot. j
Bariey still lower and hard to sell
Oats and Corn high and very firm. Rye lozver.
Bran and Hay continue strong.
Beans in heavy receipt and unsettled.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables about the same.
Xo change in Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Poultry and Game about as preziouslx quoted.
Fresh Fruit quiet and featureless.
Dried Fruit dull and more cr less zvcak. *
Outside Prunes selling belozi' association prices.
Provisions in fair demand and steady.
Xo further change in the Meat market.
Light iransjcrictis in local stocks and bonds.
Decline of 2 1-2C in Shot.
.« Federal Etw! rrefd €4
•*o 11^ 1^ 1 Electric 14Wi
-i0 Glucoee Sugar 50
» Glucose Sugar prefd SS^i
5W lr,ternaticnal Paper 17',
lOO International Paper preM 64H
Laclefie Gas 6«4
National Biscuit 3'?,
National B'.scuit prefd U
National Lead 375;
'""iii ti at ! onal L«ad prefd so
ICO Naticnal Steel .. -7
National Steel prefi "" ij
"iV;; * ew York Air Brake 119
LEO) North American 13
VT< Pacific Coast Jo
Pacific Coast 1st prefd " gS
""i.\ J, aci 2" Cca *t W prefd 6S>i
,,240 Pacific Mail 2V T
3?.0W People's Gas ««
*% $™**J ? teel Car -¦¦•"•-•¦•""": Is
220 Pressed Steel Car rrefd 7S
iTillman Palace Car . lS£ J -»
i£m sg£Z? t Ucr? . & Twine:::::::::::.
¦¦••"• gtgar prcfi::::::::::;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;^*
1.220 Tennessee Oca! A Iron 57
\}£ K 1 * 11 * 3 States Leather 1C«
2,(«0 Inited States Leather prefd CS-
Kai United States Rul ber J$4
•••••¦• United .States Rubber rreM 54
-67 Western Union T^si
300 Republic Irrn & Steel Co '"' 1'
4«> R^pubJlc Ircn & Steel Co prefd.... S3«
«• F C-C & St Louis M
17l,0<:«) Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
I' S Js ref. when
issued, reg 102 s ;
*- S 2s ref. when.
issued, coup i"3»;
D S 2s reg... 108%
1 S 3s coup..Jt 10913
U S netv is reg 134'
U S new 4s coup.. 134
U S old 4s reg 1144
U S old 4s ccup...lH'~.
V S 5s reg 1131,
I. S Cs coup 123 : t
I>is of Col 3.6-S....123
Atchison gen 4s... Sf9'-;
Atchison adj 4s.... SS»«
Car.ada So 2ds K-«V
Ches & Ohio 4 : -s. . 95>H
Ches & Ohio is.T..,119
C & KW con 7s. ...140
C A NV.'SFdeb Ssl-l^O
Chgo Termir^l 4s.. S1H
Colo Southern 4s... Si
D & R G lsts V>3%i
DARG 4s i$
Erie General 4s.... €«'•*
F W & D C 1st?... 714
Gen Electric Ss IIS
Iowa Cent 1st* l!4Vi
L & N Uni i. 5SU
M K & T 2ds CM
M K & T 4s ;. Vf%
N Y Central ists...!^
N J Cent cen Is. ..123
N Pacific 2s 64*s
N Pacific 4s 102 1 ;
X Y C & S L 4s 105">i
N & "VY con 4s 97
Or Nav lsts 103
Or Nav 4s 102%
Or Short Line €s...127Vi
Or S Line Con os..H2
Readir.? Gen 4s S6^i
Pv G W lsts 59
SLilM con 5s..K*U
B L & S.F gen 6s.. 122^
St Paul consols Iv'j
St P C & P lsts,..117U
S P C & P 5a 11<H
So Pacific 4s 7»\
So P.allway 5e 1C>S
Stand R & T Cs.... 66*,
Tex & Pac lsts li:*s
Tex & Pac 2ds 65
Union Pacific 4s.'.104%
V»'aba.«h !?ts 117H
Wabash "4= lCl*i
West Shore 4s 113
¦\V:s Cent lfts S3" ?
Va Centuries: 91
MINING STOCKS
24
Crown Point 12
CoofXJ & Va 1 2v
Deaawood 45
Boold & Carry 74
Hale & Norcrofs... 35
Hcmestake ZZ 60
Iron Silver 6?
Mexican 23
Ontario 6 00
Ophir 75
Plymouth 12
Quicksilver 1 2~>
Do prefd 6 00
Standard 2 ?«
Sierra Nevada S2
t'nicn Con 22
TeHow Jacket 22
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money —
Call Icar.s 3?4S
rime loan? 5§6
Stocks—
Atch Tm & S F.. 2SS-*
I>o prefd 77*%
Xrr.er Sugar 1!7*»
Do prefd 115—
Bell Tele 141
Areer & Albany. ..20
Barton Elevated ..147J-;
Boston & Malne...l?7
Cbi Bur & <J 12646
Dominion Coal ... 2s
Do prefd 113
Federal fteel 33%
Do prefd G3?i
Pltchborg prefd 1S*'~i
General Kiec 1141^
Pa rcefd 153^.
EJ E:ec 111 tii '
Mexican Cent 113«i
Mich Tele S5
N" K GaF & Coke.. 12
Ota colony 203
Old Dominion CA,
L'r.ka Pacific i^'i
L"i-.lcn Land V x
(Vestgil Eiec 41
Bonds—
Atch'son 4s »8«i
N K O i Coke 5*.. C3
Minir.g- Shares —
Adventure 4*i
Allouez Mng Co IS
Arrsal Cop^>er S7
Atlantic r:
Bo*t«B & Mont 323
Butte & Boston 53*i
ralumet & Hec'a. .763
Centennial 1W4
Frar.kiin 134
Humboldt 25
Dsceol* d
Parrot 42
Quincy H2
?anta Fe Copper.. 64
Tamarack 232
Utah Mining iOH
V.'lnona 2%»
Wolverines 2<; l 2
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON". Oct. 13— To-day? statement
cf th* Treasury balances shows: Available
cash balance. J:33.«2.«v*; gold. $SS,e»!,Si)S.
London Market.
NEW TOP.K. Oct. 12.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The Stock market here was stagnant to-day.
The apprehension that money will be tight still
causes a general hesitation. The exception is
in American stocks, which rallied on the higher
prices in Xeir Tork. The dealings were not
large, but many i?s=ues were qucted well above
parity. The Northern Pacific stocks were the
best fpatur* in the American department. Sil
ver was qu:?t. Money rates were unchanged.
CLOSING
LONDON. Oct. U.— Atchlsoa, 2?= 4 : Canadian
Pacific, lV~i: Unicn PaciSc preferred, 75 1 >i;
Northern Pacific preferred. 72\i: Grand Trunk.
€ l i; Anaconda, S>.: bar silver quiet. 2S»^d per
ounce; money. !>- per cent.
\ Associated Banks' Statement.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
50 Sterling O & Z> Co ~. 2 »
Ll>3 Twenty-eight „....«_... 1 S3
100 McKittrick Consolidate* — , 13
MIXING STOCKS.
Tie following w»re th? sales la the San SVaa
sco Stock and Exrhar.?re Board yesterday:
Momins Session.
ro Eelcher
IN B«st &. Belcher JS
IV Ctcl^r M
31*} Cho^lar Zl
300 Chollar SS
Vta Con Ca! 4 Va..l B
m Crown Point .. 17
SM Exchequer C3
\~J< Gould St. Curry H
2(<0 (teuld & Curry D
Sfl Gould jc Curry B
WO Justice ...... i. 67
?») Mexican »
KK> Ophir Si
KM Ophir M
(CO Savage — JS
ISO SaTage V.
IvO Sierra Nevada. i»
200 Sierra Nevada. 40
100 Silver HiU M
yyc) Yellow Jacket.. 25
The icUc-xinz wer» th^ sales in tie Pacl2s
St:-ct Hxcharge yesteniay:
VC Alta f4
300 lielcher- ,. 22
*v> Best & Belcher 33
UOC Bullion C5
liJ Caleicnia 44
SM ChaUenge Cca.. 22
12Cv Chcllar 2»
IJD Con Cal & V.I 27 1 
20» Con Cal A Va..l M
U*> Crown Poict .. IS
2C^ Hale & Norc... 41
M Mexican 3^
8M Mexican ii
Zj>) Mexican 40
*f«.» Ophir .......... 84
5)0 Ophir ¦
ZM Ophir ~.... ?S
2TO Pctost — .. 25
KO Pitosi 2*
S;"0 Savage J4
,v«j Savage So
?*) Sierra, Nevada, tf
?» Sierra. Nevada. 41
2«1 Silver Hill .... 3*
?*> SiKer Hill .... W
US Union Con B
~O Yellow Jacket.. ZT>
2s» TeUow Jacket., tl
ZXOSING QUOTATIONS
SATURDAY. Oct.i:-12 E3
Bid.Asi.
A!rha 05 <T7
Aita (-3 04
Ar.das M 10
Belcher 12 23
Best & Etcher 40 41
Bullion 03 OS
Caledonia « 44
Chollar ; 2S 23
Chaliecge Con.. 23 2i
Ccn Cai & Va.Il K 1 On
Con I:r.p*riaJ .. «1 «
Con New Tcrk. 01 —
Eureka Can ... — C
Crown Point ... 1* 1'
Exchequer 01 02
Gould & Curry Si» &S
Hal- & Ncrc... 45 «
Jul:a — 04
Justice iT7 M
Ker.tuclt 61 T.
Laiy Wash .... — CZ
Mexican _ 41 42
Occider.tal 09 1'
Ophir *^ S3
Overman 1> 11
P:t:sl 2-i 25
>a.~ag-» XI 34
Pccrpi^n Cl —
Ses E«!ch-r ... ft: C4
i'ierra Nevada. 4 1 ' 41
SUrer Hill .... J7 4)
St Louis — 13
Standard — 3 ...
Syndicate *4 —
Vnicn Con 27 Zi
Ye'ljW Jacket.. Z~.
I"tah 14 :i
The usual Saturday dullness rul«d on thr
exchanges and there were no pronounced fluc
tuations in aaythln?.
The Kilauea dividend will be paid on the 17th.
The Hutchinson Plantation Company has de
clared a dividend of 25 cents per share, pay
able on the
The Spring Valley Water Coinr-ai-jr has de
clared a dividend of 42 c?nts per share, pay
able on the 2€ta.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY, Oct. IS— 12 ni.
ITXITED STATES BONDS
4e quar ccup-.-lir-illJ 1^ 4s do cp fnewj.lJJ !!^'-- 1
4s do re? 114 ! s 115'--t 3s do coup 103 s * — "
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS
Bay Co P CO..102VM
Cal-st Cab is.-HV^ —
C C Water 3s-..l'.«HlCC\
Ed L & P 63.X31«4 —
F & Cl Ry Cs.. — —
Geary-st R Cs. — —
H C & S 5HS-- — —
Do 5s 100 _
L A R 5s....lHT» —
L A Lt Co fc.. - 103
Oak Water 5s.lC2"i —
Oceanic SS 5s.l(C»»103
Om C R «s...12C'
Pac G Imp 4s.lo; J . —
P& Cl Ry (3..VX _
P & O R R 6s.li; _
Powell-st R «s.117S —
Sac L GAR Se.liOH —
5 F AS J \"iS.llS —
6 R cf Cal Cs. — —
Do gntd 6?... — —
L A gntd 5s.. — 101
L A P K R is. — 102
Market-st €*...irs —
Do 1st M as.. 117H —
NC.NGR 7s. — U* 1 !
N R cf Cal 6s.!13 115
Do 3s 1151.4117
N P C R R 6a. 102 —
Do 5s 107 —
N Cel Ry £s... — 111
Oak G L. & H.1C3H -
Oak Tran 6s...llS 117
S Pof A ts....lllMl2
S P ©fCCs 1. 1906)
iSeries At... J07ii>_
T>o (Series B)10J"»,
S P C 6s (l>:'C>lf3M10
r>o (isir^ iii '119
S P R 1st gntd — —
S P B 6s 130 —
S V Water Ss.l!3 114
Do 4? I..10J irs*;
Do 3d mtg.. — 103
Stktn Gas 6s.. 100 —
WATER STOCKS
Contra Costa.. €5»i — Spring Vallev. S4-4
Marin County. 514 —
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent L i P Co 4 4VPac L Co — 44'.,
Equit G L Co. ,3H 3 V Sac El GiRCo 33 —
Mutual E5 Co. — V^ S F O & E.... tl% 51^
O G L. & H 43U >3 San Francisco, i ji.
Pac Gas Imp.. l\\ — Stktn G4EC- U
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Klrem's Fnud.^S — { . -
BANK STOCKS
Arglo-Cal Ltd. CS — First Nation!.. 2S* 3C0
Bank cf Cal...4C9 — Lon P & A. ...13 _
Cal S D & T..1C5 — Merchnts' Ex.. tt —
SA^^NGS BAXKS.
Ger S & L — 1900 Sav & L So... — si
Hum S & L. — — Sac Sav Bk.. — —
Mut Sav Bk.. 54 — Ur.icn T Co... — —
S F Sav U....aU —
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California 123 — O S I. & H — 43
Ge^rj-st 25 — Presidio H ;-ij
Market-st £»4 65'i
POWDER STOCKS.
California — 1S2V Vigorit jsi ji-
Giant Con Co. tZ>i —
SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana S P Co. 7 7 1 * Kllauca S P C— —
Haw C & S Co — ?9 MakaweU S Co 43% —
Hcnckta S Co. SO — Onomea S Co. 27*. 2sVi
Hutch S P Co. 24 S4W Paauhau S Co. 30 301,
MISCELLANEOUS STOCIC3.
Al Pack *im.l24%13 Pac A F a.... i\ _
Cal Fruit Asn. S5^ — Pac C Bor Co.liJ ui«,
Mer Ex Asm.. 97 10O Par Paint Co.. 12^ —
Ocsanlc S Co. .»2 r i S3-i -
Msrninj Session.
Board—
ICO Centra CcsU Water 7500
IS Equitable Gas „ a s »,i
M Hutchinson S P Co * 24 00
* ISO Makaweli 43^
JO Onomea Sugar Co jg W
19 Paauhau 8 P Co jj ,#
ta.W'O Sacto Elec. Gas i Ry Es 10O i)
20 S F Gas & Ele«rtc Co 51 K
100 S F Gai & Electric Co.... 51 ,",-,
165 S F Gas & Electric Co...'. ji i-sz
V) Spring- Valiey Water 55 w
ttreet—
2S3 Patutwrn S P Co 30
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Momlnr Session.
Board — •
Dorado .; -*......'...•...'.... 105
S'i Hanford $5 00
1.MO Independence .,.. .'. 1$
• 25 Kern River ....;". '20 W
no McKlttrick Consolidated m
SW McKlttrick Consolidated S3
Peaches. 4Ug5c for standard, KiQic tor chale*
and 7gSc for fancy: Pears. IS7c; Plunrs. pitted.
Sfj-SHc; unpltted. 131%c: Nectarines. SQ&nc for
red and E^-£?6c for white.
"RAISINS— The Raisin Growers" Association
has established the following prices for the
eeason of 1900: Bleached Thompson's fancy, lie
per lb; choice, lie: standard. t\c; crime, sc;
unbleached Thompson's, 6c per lb. Sultanas —
Fancy. lOv-c per lb; choice. S^jc; standard. S*«c;
prime. Sc; unbleached Sultanas, *e; Seedless.
iO-Ib bcxes. 6*jc; 2-crown loose Muscatels, tc;
3-crown. CHc; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers. 2
crown. |1 »0 per box; 3-crown. Jl £0; Fancy
Cluster*. R; Deheea. J2 50; Imperial. C All
prices f.o.b. at common shippins points in Cali
fornia.
NUTS— Chestnuts. 10@12'-jc per lb: Walnuts.
No. 1 softshell. lie; No. 2. Sc: No. 1 hardshell.
10c; No. 2. TUc: Almonds. UQlSc for paper
shell. 113l2Uc for softyhell: Peanuts. 536c for
Eastern; Erazll Nuts. 23c: Filberts. I3c; Pecaas.
11012c: Cocoanuts, t3 6fl!5-5.
HONEY— Ccmb. 13He:4VrC far bright and 12H
613c for l'ght amber: water white, extracted.
7*«a>c: light amber, extracted, 7ff7^jc; dark. 6
ge^c per lb..
BEESWAX-:4ff25 per lb.
Provisions.
Th^ demand for Ccred Meats continues ix'.T
at steady prices.
CUP.HD MKATS — Bacon. ::iic per Ib for
heavy. 12c fcr light medium. :3'-rC for light.
14c fcr extra light and 15'--c for sutar cure-1;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. He; Mess D«*f.
112 50 per bbl: extra Mess. j:3 59; FaTnily.
JM :«: extra Prime Pork. tl» K>: extra c.ear
$:9: Mess. $15 SO: Smoked D»ef. l»U?il2c per lb.
LAUD — Tierces <ju;tert at € s ic per lb for com
pound and S 1 *^ 'cr pure: half-barrels, pure,
i^c: 10-lb tins. Vj\.z: S-!b tins. l&s»c.
COTTOLENK — One-half barrel. >Sc: three
half-barrels. S 1^: one tierce. i\c; twa tierces,
S^c; five tierces. »Sc f-er lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands a»:;
about le under quotatiens. Heavy salted
Steers, S#?Hc: medium. S'i.t; light, Sc; Cow
hides. Sc; Htaes. €c: Sa'.tM Kip. ??: Salted
Veal, So: Salted Calf. 9c: Dry IJ ;t l?s. B&Z&bei
cul'.s. 12513c: Dry Kip. Be; I>ry Caif 13ni5c:
culls and brands. 123i:;: Hh??rskir>». Shear
li::ps, liS;>c ?'ach: shnrt Wool. 2C'34.v i»ach;
medium, SOOTOc: long Wool. ...<-ejl ea-h: Horse
H.des, salt. tZHi Zj fcr large. Jl 73 for medium,
II for small ar.d Me fcr co'ts: Horse H:5*s
dry. fl SO for large. I! 25 frr medium. |l for
small and 2SQc-0c for colts. Deerskins — Summer
or r«d tkins. 35c; fall cr medium ski33, 3C'c
winter cr thin sk'.ns. 17HS2C-C. Goatskir.s—
Prime Angcras. 75c; large and srsscth. lie:
ER'dium. 2Sc .
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 43f-ic per lb; Sa.
2. 3ti3'-c; grease. ZliZ~c.
WOOL— Sprier clip is quotable as follows:
Northern, free. 15516c: Northern, defective. 12©
14c; Middle County, free. 14*il5e: Middle Coun
ty, defective, 12j?14c: Southern Mountain. 12
month*', fQJOc; Southern Mountain, free. 7
months', ll(?12c; Southern Mountain, defective.
7 months'. Sgllc: Humboldt and Mend^clno. 15
ei7c: Nevada. 13SlSc per lb.
Fa'3 Clip— San Joaq-oin. €'*35c: do Lambs', S
5$c; MWdle County, frolic per lb.
HOPS— UhiQUhc Per 1b.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Prices for all/descriptions remain unchans?J.
BEEF— €©«i-c for Steers ar.d iQiHc per io tot
Cows.
VEAL — Large. 7gSc; small S^sSSc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7§7V»c; ewes, 6^g7c per
poand.
LAMB— MiSHc per lb.
PORK— Life Hogs. £»,? f<jr small. ESSjHc for
medium ar.d 5^«©iVj C r O r lar«:e: stock Hojs and
feeders, i^i z % c; dressed H-igs, P-jgSVic.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— San Quentin Bags. K 55: Calcutta
Grain Bags. 5*ic: "Woo! Bags, Fleec»
Twine. Tfsc; Fruit Bags. 6 ! iS«\c for white anJ
S^i^S*»c for bleached jute.
COAL — ¦R'elllnKton. %3 p*r ton; South-
Seld Welliceton, J3; Seattle. J7; Uryant, •};
Coca Bay. 15 50; Wa'.lsend. ti: Co-operative
Wallsesd, ??: Cumberland. H2 la hulk and $13 i5
In sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Eg?. $li:
Car-n^l. Ill r*r tor.: Cck». S15 per tr>n in bulk
and 118 In sacks: Rocky Mountain descriptions.
JS 45 r*r 2v<>3 lbs and JS iO per ton. according
to brand.
RICE— China mixed. H ZZQi 3.3; No. J.'« TOfr
4 %5: extra. H&5 50: Japanese. $4 9S@S 10; Louis
iana. $437: Hawaiian. U 73 p«r ctl.
SUGAR— Tbs Western Suear ReSning Com
r«ny quotes, per lb.- in IT-lb bags:
Crushed. 6.53c: Powdered. E.ISc; Candy Gran
ulated. 6.EJc: Drj- Granulated. Kite; Con:ec
ticners' A. «.15e: Magnolia A. 5.7^: Extra. C.
S.65c; Golden C. 5.55c: barrels. Ifc mor»; half
barrels, 2Jc mere: l*?xe«. oOc more; i<Mt> hags.
10c more. No orders taken for less than 73 bar
rels or its equivalent. Decinos. half-barrels,
S.^Oc: boxes T.l.< p«>r lb.
SHOT— All rrades are quoted 2"-jc r-cr 11>
lower.
Receipts of Produce.
Flour, qr sks — 5.85C'
"Uheat. ctls 2,400
Barley, ctls 70,9ec
Oats, ctls 13>3
Ch«?se, ctls 70
Butter, ctls !13
Tallow, ctls 2C4
Beans, sks 5,334
Potatoes, sks ... S.?4i
Onions, ska 1.20*
Bran, sks 1.511
Middlings, ska .. XO
Hay, tons 1.180
Hops, bales 13
Wool, bales ..... C9
Pelts, bdls &x
Hides. No 1.672
Leather, rolls ... li»
Quicksilver, flsks S7
Sugar, fcbls 1M
Surar. sks ZJM
Broom Corn, bdls SS3
Chicory, bbls 19
E*r«rs. doi T.93O
Wine. gaU «.2OO
Exchange and Bullion.
Steilir.g Exchange, GO days — M SIVi
Sterling Exchangs, sight — * S4S
Sterling Cables — *
New York Exchange, sighf — 07^j
Nerv York Exchange, telegraphic — 30
Fine Silver, per ounce ' '— CVrz
Mexican Dollars, nominal 50H © 51
IV heat and Othct Grains.
WHEAT— Lew values prevailed again yester
day and spot quotations shrank another frac
tion. The call market was quieter, there be
ing no excitement.
The foreigm markets were weak and feature
less. New York declined. Chicago opened
quiet and steady, with the local trade sellin?
moderately.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. 97Uc; Mlllir-c, tftH 05-
BOARD SALES
Informal Session — 9:13 o'clock — December —
12.000 ctls. Si'-c: 4-MO, 9SN,c: 4000, SS^ic
Second Session— December— 2000 ctls. 9SHc;
4000. 97VC* iO.cm. 9Sc. May— 12.000. Jl K?-i-
Regular Morninp Session— December — £000 ctls.
OSc; 10.«iO. S7 T 4c. May — H00. *1 <>4" s : 6*»0. $1 C5.
BARLEY — Dealers report sales very hard to
make, even at concessions. Offerings are in
excess of th? demand.
Feed. ~*'-ic for choice bright. 70c fcr No. 1
ar.d f£ffC7Vc fcr off jrrades: Brewing and Ship
ping grades, TT'igsi 1^; Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES
Irformal S»-Rsicn— No sales.
Second Session— December — MOO ctls. 70*ic;
U.OD0, 7CHc
Repular Morning Session— Xo sales.
OATS — Holders continue to quote a very firm
market and refuse to ye!l under the quotations.
Offerinrs are apparently liberal, but most of the
California crop has already passed out of first
hands, and a good dtal of It has gone into
con'urrption. The Puget Sound crop is in geed
demand for the Orient, so the market 13 in
firm j=hai>e a!! around.
White. U 3^81 50; Surprise, SI 15S1 K; Red,
$1 15£1 w for lte<l ana $1 :5&1 4-j for seed;
Gray. $1 *'4?1 SO; Black, for fe*d. $1 10i?l 17H;
tat CMd, Jl 2-HSl 22^* r*r ctl.
CORN— There is ro change to report. All
descriptions cf Eastern are held at tl 2531 Vi
per ctl. ¦
RYE— Is dull and lower at SCc per ctl.
13 CCK\\HEAT- Nominal.
Flour and Millstufts.
Hax and Feedstuffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 609
3 73, usual terms: Bakers* Extras. $3 47$ 1 5i;
Oregon and Washir^ton. $2 7533 10 per bbl for
family and X?. Hit* W for bakers'; Eastern,
$4 7sija 75 »er Lbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
iot.-s. usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour *3 rer HO lbs; Rye Flour, $2 ~,5; Rye
11, a!, J2 50; Rice Flour. V. Corn Meal. 12 7i;
oxtra cream ao, J- 50; Oat Groats. Ii 50; Hom
ing. I'i v>>©3 75; Buckwheat Flour. J4S?4 Z,;
Crack«nl Wheat. J3 55: Farina. $4 50; UTiole
Wheat Flour. $3 2S; Rcl>d Oats (barrels). $6®
7 2S; In sacks. $5 75«i7: P»arl Barley. »; Splii
Feas, J5; Green P^as, t» 55 per 100 lbs.
There \t no change to report. Hay and Bran
continue firm and in demand.
BRAN— Sl€5?17 St ier ten.
Mir>r>LiNns— iiTan r^r ton.
FEEDSTUFF'S— : Rolled Bariey. Iir-^17 per
tor; Oilcake Meal at the mill, JS32C: Jobbing.
£2C 50:'Cocoar.ut Cake. $17©!S: Com Meal, tf&if
-ft: Cracked Corn, HC aCO^ 50; Mixed Feed,
KAY-Vo!ur.tfer. fJSS-, Wheat, Jll«13 50;
Wheat ir.1 <>at. $i*?j12 &¦¦>. Oa». J5311 SO; Clover.
JS27; Alfaifa. t€ &1^S SO; Barley,' TgS per ton.
STRAW— 33€ lac rer bale.
Beans and Seeds.
F.'ceipts of Beans were heavy again, as will
be EKn elsewhere, and the market was weaX
e=5:*cially for Pinks. Changes In quotations
vrere ?!:^ht. fccwever.
BEANS-Eayo?. Kg: 10: Small White. HS
*j3 00: Large White. $Z 2SQ2 &u: Pink. $1 »3
2 10: Ked. $2 JO-53; Blackeye. K 60gc 70; Lima.
tZ 'f.©; 30; Pea. *3 €033 S3; Red Kidneys, aoml
r.aL
SEEDS-Brcwn Mustard. 4c; Yellow Mustard.
5c; Fias. K32»); Canary. S^c per lb for Cali
fornia and 4c fcr Eastern: Alfalfa, nominal;
Rape. r**33e: Hemp. 4©4'^c: Timothy. 484^0.
DRIED PEAS— Xilea. *i a^SI: Green, Jl S03
" S> per ctl; Elackeye, $1 50@l 75.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
All descriptions remain about as before. The
market it dull and featureless, as usual at the
close of the season.
POTATOES— Burbanks. 35@S0c for Rivers acd
SiC^fSl 10 r*r otl for Salinas and G535Oc for
Oregon; Sweets. 50@75c for Rivers and 7i»S?
Jl 10 for Merced.
ONIONS— SOgCic per ctl: Pickle Onions, 15Q
60c'.
VEGETABLES— GrMn Peas. Ig4c per lb;
String Bean?. ltiSe: Limas, :@3c per lb; Cab
bage, II; Tomatoes, Bay. »340c; Egg Plan:.
4(»flWc per box; Green Okra. f?660c:
Green Pepper?. 25@S£c per box fcr Chill and 4C>@
£0c for Beil: Dried Peppers. lOfilic: Carrots.
2S?i3jc p«r sack; Summer Squash. SOg75c for
Alameda; Cucumbers. 25*i4ilc *or Alameda:
Pickles. Jl 50 n?r box for No. 1 and 65c
for No. i; Garlic, 4§4}-c per lb; Marrowfat
Squath, JK'Qli per ten.
Poultry and Game.
The situation in Game remains unchanged.
Sound lots bring good prices and off lots sell
lew or are thrown away.
Poultry was nominal y/sterday, as usual en
Saturday.
POULTRY— Live Turkey*. UglSc for Gobblers
and 14S1SC for Kens; Geesre. per pair. II Zh@
1 TO; Grslins*. SI 5G*H 75; Ducks. US* for old
and i3 S0jJ4 so for faaag; Hens, $3 6O§5; Toung
Roosters. J43*.: Old Rooster?. $3 50^4 5«; Fr>'
ers. 1333 T5; Broilers, $3@3 £0 for large and
J232 6ft -for small: Piseons. tl ZZ per dozen for
old and Jl &*3i for .«<juabs.
GAME— Quail. ~,hz£l\ Zi for Valley and J? for
Mountain; Mailard. HST; Canvasback, JS^S for
chcice. down to S3 for poor; Sprig. $2 5083iW;
Teal. J3J:3 U>; V.'idgeon. Jl 75J72 V>\ Small Duck.
$1 50; Gray Ge«-se. J323 50; White Geese. Jig
1 50: Brant. $2 for small and it US for larjre;
English Snipe, nominal; Jack Snipe. 73c@$l;
Hare. $1 K; Rabbits, tl 2501 50 for cottontail
an3 tl fcr brush; Dove?. &0§50c per dozen.
Butter, Cheese mid Eggs
$ — ——
The situation stands the same all around.
Butter Is In ample suoply and rather weak
thpn otherwise. Cheese Is qnlet with sufflcient
stocks. Erss are keot from accumulating by
a fair (kicand. and the feeling in ranch is firm
KUTTER-
Crearnery— Fancy Creamery, 3c; Sec
onds. 274f»7VrC
Dairy— Fancy. Zb^Z^c; good to choice, 2J&?4c
common. ZV^ZZc.
Creamery tub— rcg'2TUc per lb.
Pickk-d roll— l^SHc.
Firkin— 1«S 15c.
Storage good? — ~H624e.
CHEESE— Netr. lo^eilc: old. 9i?10c: Icon;
America, KUjQlIc; Eastern, 13»-gUc; Western
K^jlTc cer lb.
EGGS— tiuoted at J*5;> for store and 3^g
Z~\~c per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 15j?25c
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
There are but few Oranges on the market at
present, and. quotations are therefore more or
less nominal. Lemons and Limes are dull and
eaey.
Grapes ir&g. as supplies are large and the
cooler wtather If apzlnst their sale. Melons
are in light supply ar.d firm.
DECIDUOUS FKL'IT
APPLKS- io^r-Cc i*r box ?or common scd
COtgJl for goad to choice; Spltz;r.berrs. $13
1 !5. •
PEAR?— Winter Kellis. 6Cc@|i; Cooklny
Ppam. ?f,«?fi™c per V*-x.
PEACHES — Aro about ccne.
QL'lNCtfc— 2iauc i-er box.
PFPSIMM^W*— T.V*?*! p*r hex.
FIGS— JCcSJl per ordinary box.
BLACKBERRIES— iZ per chest.
CtUNHEKl:!E!<-Cape Cod. ISjJS 50: Coo.,
Eav. «*7? ?" r<"" *«x.
STRAWBERRIES— tt€l SO per chest for
larjrc ar.1 f76S fbr small berries.
HCCKLEBEP.RIES— SQ-7C per Ib.
hASHHKKRIE?- *.Vfi*' *** chest.
POJ:EGRA.\ATES — tt>©75c per small box and
Si 5C152 H jw larpe box.
PLl'MS— r»86oc :cr box.
GRAPES— Muwat. 3W?63c per box and crate;
black. ZZQCSc: Tokay. X^S3c: Isabella. SO^TSc;
CcrnlcboT! «T>c: Wine Grap»«. »?>«~ 50 fcr
white. IS>5?r3 for iUsElon end JSfS per ton
for Zinfar.lel.
¦MELON'S— Nutmegs: 'fCgiX per ca.«e: Canta
loupes. 7Sc$j$2 per crate; Watermelons. i^QZO
r>er im>.
\ CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. J4&4 M;
Seedling Oranpe?. 7Scf?tI: Valencia*. J204:
Lemons, II© 1 50 for common and »:<J3 for exxi
to choice: Mexican Litres. I5&4 >); Bananas,
$1 t5@I 5» per bunch; Pineapples, $1 50{M 50 per
dozen. - '
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
The market for fruits continues dull, botb
here and In the East. Apples and Pears are
weak ar.d Peaches are none too steady. It I*
reported that a good many Prunes outside of
the Association »re bein* offered at from 2 to
5 per cer.: below association prices. Many
growers are tired of this business and are Join
ts- the association.
j-nUlTs— Prunes. Santa Claras, t sires. Jc;
»->0s. "c; 50-MH. SSic; fiO-TOs. S\c: 7&-S0s, 3\e:
SO- Ms. 2*ic: SO-IQC*. me: lefts azvd over. !c; ru
bies, V«c premium; Soaomas, He and Saa Joa
quins. Me less thaa Santa Claras, except VX>*
and over, which -*«and the same. Apricots, tQ
8c • for- Royals and ifxfflHic for Mooroarks;
Evaporated Apples, 4>4S«*ic; sun-dried, SH^»c;
LOCAL MARKETS.
closed unchanged. Total sales, 4000 bass, in
cluding: November. $7 10; March. $7 45; Hay.
$7 Z.Z.
SUGAR — Raw. steady; fair refining:, 4\lc; cen
trifugal, S6 test, iJ4c; molasses sugar, *c; re
fined, steady.
BUTTER— Receipts. S221 packages. Firm;
reamery 16gC2c; June creamery, lSg!lc; fac
-< ry. 13giSc.
• EGOS— Receipts. !Z2i packages. Firm; West
ern regular packing at mark, ISSIS^c; West
ern, loss off, JOc.
DRIED FRUITS.
As, usual fcr a Saturday half-holiday session,
the market for evaporated apples was slow,
but steadily held at full prices. State common
were quoted from 4f?5e; prime. ¦l*;gi 1 ic; choice,
h*~<3Sc: fancy. CS6HC. -
California dried fruits quiet and nomlnally
quoted on the basis of SHS'SHc per pound for
prunes, as to elze and quaMty. Apricots —
Kcyal. lWUc: Mocrpark. 15@16c. Peaches-
Peeled, 16g:0c; unpeeled. 6©Sc.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., SUNDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1900.
Foreign Futures.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
CAUL
39
.Yra 1 York Grain and Produce.
FOR SATURDAY. OCTO3ER 12.
3- I
IM. |T. 1
IWJ
T. : r. ; S. Moon's Phaaf».
i *fm
! 15 1 16 i
i n :
¦f~7">"Tr - ' * First Q-jart»r,
r 11 ¦' tt [fl pi Fu!! Mocn.
" : \\&> October S.
' ; * i
' ::•' 25 '¦ T! i
s ;
!»(» j
; si i
1 i ; i fik SC«W Moon.
» ! i , \? Oetrfaer a.
i-jL Itcst Quarter.
3- I
IM. |T. 1
IWJ
T. : r. ; S. Moon's Phaaf».
i *fm
! 15 1 16 i
i n :
¦f~7">"Tr - ' * First Q-jart»r,
r 11 ¦' tt [fl pi Fu!! Mocn.
" : \\&> October S.
' ; * i
' ::•' 25 '¦ T! i
s ;
!»(» j
; si i
1 i ; i fik SC«W Moon.
» ! i , \? Oetrfaer a.
i-jL Itcst Quarter.
OCZA2? TSAVBL
Pacific Coast Steamship Cc.
r. Steamer? leave Broadway
fcfc- wharf, san FrancJsco:
n%»^^ For Alasl^n Ports— 11 a. n .
t>^jg*^gw^. Chaste to --onipar.y'a steani-
f^^SS^^l cr Vlctrr ' a > v anc3Tiver (B.
f^*£i&£u^ ¦ Tacoma. Ever -¦ Ana rtea
• and New "V%'hat:'om <V.'ash. • —
** 11 a. ci.. Oct. 13. IS. Z3. O.
Nov. Z. a:l every nrth day thereafter. Ctar.s*
at Seattle tr> this cosrasy's steamers fir
Alaska anl G. X. Ry. ; at Seattle cr Taccr=»
to N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Ecn-ka. Hurnbol.lt Bay— I p. m.. Ort.
15. ». ZZ. Z2. Ncv. 4. and every Efth day there-
after.
For Pan Diego, rtoppla* enly at Port Har-
fcrd (San Luis Obisr«3), Santa Darhara. Port
Los Angeles and Rednnd<-> (Los Angeles>— lr a.
m.. Oct. 1Z. 15. », Zi. ZS. Nov. 1. and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Crur. Monterey, San Simeon. Cayu-
cos. Pert Harfcri t.^an L':is Ofcispo). Gavlota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Huer.e^se. San Pedro.
East San Pedro <I>vs Anseles't and Newport—*
a. in.. Oct. 14. IS. Z:. 25. &?. Nov 3, a=d every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. llas^aler.a Bay, San J<>s« 5*1
Cabo, Maza:lan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Ro3alia
anJ Guayrnas (Mexico)— 10 a. in., 7:h cf each
maath.
For further Information cLtala company's
frMers.
The cenrary reserves the risht t"> char?»
steamers, saving date-s &zi hGura c* sailing
without rreviou* ncitic*.
TICKKT OFFICE— I New MoctsoiaeTy
street -.Palace Hctel>.
COODALL. PEP.KIN? & CO.. Ger. Arer.ts.
15 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STE.ViTEn'.S TO
RTL4N ID
Frcra ?r>ear-?tre»t 'Wharf at 10 A. M.
ca DC S12 First Class. Including Berth
iMtl I- S3 Second Class. and M;al3.
COLUMBIA Mils Oct. U, Z>. X.->v. 4
STATE OK CALIFORNIA Bails C*t. tk M
s^hcrt Line ts Walla Walla. Sr<.kane. Batt».
Helena ar.d all r-Dints in the Ncrth-wemt.
Thrcugn tickets to all pr>iat» East.
E. C. ward. General Ae«r.t.
CT Market street.
GOOOALL, PERKIN3 * CO..
SM^erlnteadents.
TOYO KISEN KA1SHA.
STEAMERS WILL LE.UT WHARF. COR-
ner First and Urannan streets, at 1 p. a
fcr YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG. call:=z at
Kobe (H1obo>. Nasta«akl and Shar.<haJ. and.
crrmecting at Hongkong ¦wita steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received en t>>;ar(l ca day
of E2llir.s\
ESL AMERICA MARU
"K>ir.»s<!ay. Octot^r 17 13C0
S5 HONGKONG MARf
Tuesday. November 13. tJOO
SS. NIPPON MAP.V
Thursday. Decenj!>er S. 1XQ
VU Hcnclulu.
Round-trip tlcket3 at reduced rates. Fcr
fielzht and passage arrJv at cofrpany'a offlce.
¦Cl Market street, comer of First.
W. H. AVERT. G^n»ra> Arent.
AMERICAN LINE.
VTtTT TOJtS. S0CTEAHPT0S. L0SDO5. PA2I3.
Stoppire at Cherrxsur?, westboua-i
Frcrn New York Every Wednesday. 1) a. a.
c» paul Oct. 17; St. Paul....r....Xov. T
St L/VJ's Oct. 24' St. Louis ..Nov. 14
New Y:>rk Oct. SI New Tor's Ncv. 11
RED STAR LINE.
Naw York and Antwerp.
Frora Neiir Tork Every Wednesday. 12 nacn.
West»rr.!and Oct. 171 Frie^land Xw. T
Ken?in^ton Oct. 24] South wark Nrv. li
Noordland Oct. 31; Nov. 17
Fcr frHsht arid pa.««air» apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
20 Mcctpomery st. Or any of its ai?#r.ta,
:or?ASMS QESZEAL^ TaA5SiTLi!rn5r3.
DIP.ECT LrxH TO HAVRE-PARIS,
Saillr.g every Thuryiay. instea.l of
Saturday frrm November Z, lv<". at •3 < irt5*^Bfc
10 a. ml. frora Pier C. North RSv»r. fsct cf
M.-rtnr. str«t. I*.\. LC»PJftAINE. Oct. 13; LA
BRTTAGNE Ott 8; LA TOURAINE. Nov.
1- L'AQI'ITAINE Nov. 8. First class to Havre.
%ZZ ar.3 Br>»ard. Second clasa to llavr*. **; E»
„! urwarl GENERAL AGENCY FOP.
TNITEO STATE? ar.l CANADA. S Broadxay
(Hudscn -buildlns). New Tori. J. F". FLUAZI
& CO.. Pac'fle recast Aser.ts. 5 Montjamer/
avenue. San Frar.;!nco. |
0cea>hc s.s. co.-noxoLtxr, apia
AUCKLAND AND s\D*EY.
S3. QUEEN tH->nolu:u cnlyj*.-.-.. ...........
Wednewfay. October 17. I p. m.
"tSp^^v^^av^sLr^. rt =,
SS - . A y™. LI T*hur<Sy hi Ncvern^r-i:'.- W =u
j. 0. SPRECXELS & BROS. CO^ Ajt*-. 6*3 Market St.
Pi^ 7. Foot Pacific St. freight OtSce. 327 Martet St
BAY AND BIVZH STEA3IERS.
FOllhSjIvT^D^dmiiJO
Steamer ** Monticello."
MON Tu*«. Wrt. Thurs. aaJ Sat. at 3:15
a. m." '3:1S, S38 P- m. (ex. Thuia. eight); Fri-
day*. I P- ra. and *»>: Sundays. W;» a. m.. I
o m. Landlns and o«c*. lllssioa-strest Dock.
Pier No. t. Telei>»5one ilata 1XS.
FAES L.iTi... .i.i.i ¦" iMiiiiinffl
AUCTION SALES
fe AUCTION SALE! fe
MONDAY MORNING. October 15. 1900. at 10:33
o'clock. 40 head cf Cr.? draft and well-matched
driving horse*: 3 splendid black teams. OCCT-
DKNTAL. HORSE EXCHANGE. 721 Howard st.attention to the study of China's jiduca
tional system.
Professor Fryer has a. good deal to> say
in its support. The ancient form is still
followed to a considerable extent. Chi
nese education, he said, may well be re
garded as one of the greatest lights of
Asia, if not the greatest. Its influence
upon the Government is wonderful. The
sole object of Chinese education Is to pre
pare candidates for examination for posi
tions of official rank.
There is no learning for learning's sake.
Every scholar who studies does so with,
one end in view— that of attaining a posi
tion of official or political rank. The fact
that China has been the largest empire
for the longest period of years is due very
largely to the country's peculiar form, or
education.
A brief toast was given by I>avid Starr
Jordan of Stanford University. This is
the second banquet held under tho
auspices of the club, and It Is planned to
give more of them.
The surgeon general of the navy has ar
ranged to send to Guam a dentist to treat
the teeth of the men at that naval sta
tion. There has been much complaint
from sufferers at Guam and the serviced
of a dentist are greatly needed. The den
$60 a*""' e $ !sted " a hospital steward at
In accordance with the provision men
tioned the commission issued a call for
an . examination of secretaries j of tha
Board of Health, Fire Commissioners and
Police Commissioners, j No call was la
sued for the "examination " of the secre
taries of the Board of ; Public Works and
Election Commissioners, which ; are
exempted In the sam* section from" tho
operations of the civil service provision.
The charter does not mention . the Park
Commission employe* as coming withm
the purview of the merit system/though
why that department or; that of the
Board of Public Works and Election
Commission should have been omitted is
not made clear.- It is significant -that
The secretaries of certain boards and
commissions of the city government, are
crying out against what they character
ize as rank discrimination in the charter
provision which specifies the" different
employes' governed bv civil service and
It is an assured fact that the Civil Service
Commission will be confronted, with an
other suit to determine Its powers. Tho
new phase of the controversy j may be
also introduced into the coming litiga
tion before Judge Hebbard.
Numerous complaints were heard
around the City Hall yesterday regarding
the examination for. experienced • clerks
in the Board of Public Works, held In the
Girls' . High ' School Friday ¦ afternoon.
There were twenty-one contestants, seven
of whom are at present employed by tho
board. It is alleged that sufficient time
was not given for the applicants to finish
the subjects, : which embraced • a wide
range. The examination was scheduled
for 3> o'clock,-- but it was after 3:30 before
it began. Toward evening It became quite
dark in the assembly-room, where the. ap-
No definite action has yet been taken
In regard to the plain discrimination in
requiring so^e secretaries to take the
examination and in exempting others.
The mutterings of dissatisfaction over
the unjust operations 'of the civil service
system are rapidly spreading and- the
secretaries who have been singled out
and compelled to take an examination
which their confreres of equal rank are
excused from ; taking by the benetlcent
provision. of the' charter may yet apply
to the courts for relief.
Phil Fay, who Is secretary of the Park
Commission. an\$ - a brother of Charle3
Fay, the. Mayor's secretary, will not be
obliged to jeopardize Ins tenure of offlcs
by submitting to a civil service examina
tion. • .. , . ; v v -
plicants were seated, and the lighting fa
cilities being poor, it was difficult to see
well. At 6:30 o clock the examination
was declared closed and it is said that not
one applicant finished all the subjects.
Dissatisfaction Is also freely expressed
over the subject matter on which ques
tions were based. Clerks In the general
office were obliged to an&wer the same
questions as those in the bureau of
streets,. though the duties in the two of
fices are entirely dissimilar.
Bitter Are the -Complaints -of Some Secretaries Who -Are Compelled to-Take Examin
rations; While "More "Favored .Ones Are Exempted.'
CIVIL SERVICE COMMISSION IS CHARGED WITH GROSS
DISCRIMINATION IN ITS DEALINGS WITH OFFICIAL S
The French Postmaster General has
found the use of bicycle? for postmen fio
satisfactory that orders have been given
for rural postmen where possible to do
supplied with machines, to be paid for
and kept In order by the State.
The Introductory of the greatest shoe
f=a!e ever known will be 1000 pairs of la
dies' shoes, worth from $2 50 to $4. all
styles, will be placed on the table for you
at SO cents a pair. Mind you, this is only
to-morrow (Monday), and then all the
shoes of the Rochester Shoe Company will
bo sold at the Bee Hive Shoe Company,
717 Market street, near Third. •
Who Will Miss To-MorrowP
The address was fit?cussed by the
schoolmasters, of whom about three
rcore were present. President Jordan
told of what he had seen in Japan.
"Twenty-five instructois were elected
members as follows: C D. Snyder x. t
Murray, F. Angell, Max Map'nus,' C. T*
"Works, L. D. lnskeep. J. H. Jsenger D
McKlcnon, L. RJchardson. H. Wein
f-tock, E. T. Adams. Irving- String-ham
Philip Woolsey. O. E. Graves K. c'
Babcock. I. D. Martin. Paul J. Mohr J
M. Pal ton. J. P. Chandler. Charles
Burckhalter, J. C. Brauner. J. M. Still
man, <i. M.Ttichardson, F. G. Rog-era
«.nd H. B. IVithrop.
The California Schoolmasters' Club
banqueted at the California Hotel last
evening. President Benjamin Ide
presided. At his right sat
l^esidc-nt I_»a.vid Starr Jordan. The
principal speech of the evening was made
DT Professor Fryer ot the University of
California his subject being "Education
in China.' 1
ly-ofcssor Fryer said that the Chinese
had the eldest educational system in the
¦world, dating back to 22<jQ B. C. One re-
FUlt is that lor centuries millions of peo
jile have been held in unity. It had been
«'ft<?n said that the Chinese were only an
imitative people. With proper awaken
ing, and even the most conservative Chi
nese must perceive the necessity for
learning; from foreigners. China would
lake an advanced position among nations
although the time mis'ht be distant, tha
professor raid.
Listen to Addresses and
Elect Twenty-Five New
Members.
SCHOOLMASTERS
HOLD BANQUET
Activity in the search for copper is ex
plained by the present demand for ths
metal. • The exports of copper from the
United States to foreign countries have
amounted this year to 239,297,290 pounda,
as compared with 106.969.4S0 pounds for
the corresponding period last year. The
domestic copper production this year has
been at the monthly average of 50,428,480
pounds, while the monthly average in 1839
was 45.C62.400. Jhe exportation has been
out of all proportion to the increased pro
duction, as there has been an average
monthly exportation of 32,412,240 pounds in
1900, while last 5'ear the monthly average
was only 20.S71.200 pounds. The foreign
visible supply of copper has shrunk even
with this great influx of red metal. Cop
per occupies a favorable position. The
leading dividend payers among the cop
per producers will be able to show line
results for the year 1000. *
According to the Los Angeles Herald
there are promising copper developments
in a series of buttes whjch lie to tne east 1 
of the Ord Mountains in San Bernardino
County, about 11!0 miles rrom Los Ange
les. Since early spring men have been
linking shafts ana drifting tunnels for
proper connection with ore bodies. The
Herald says the vein is traceable for a
distance of 1200 feet. Among the owners
of the property 16 H. J. Radman, a los
Angeles newspaper man. He is conlident
that the copper proposition is a large one.
Montana is fleveloping a new copper
field on the Montana Railroad about
twenty miles from White' Sulphur fcSpi ings.
The country is attracting attention. The
Western Mining World reports the ore
to be of excellent quality. The locality
is known as Mineral Hill. It lies remote
from the general lines of travel. The
dwners of copper properties in Northern
California are pushing on development
work. Arthur II. P. Bird of Salt Lake
City has a bond extending over one year
under which he has secured control of the
Mammoth group of mines and the Stoweil
group, adjoining the Balakala. The Moun
tain Copper Company will Increase its
plant. Grading has been started on the
railway to connect De la Mar's Bully Hiil
mine and the smelters. Work on the
smelter and .converter buildings is pro
pressing rapidly. The roaster stack has
Deen completed.
Mineral Wealth, published at Redding,
Shasta County, says:
Captain J. H. Roberts, the mining mag
nate, is rapidly extending his holdings in
.Northern CaliiornJa mines. Since acquir
ing his first interests in Shasta County, on
what is the famous Midas at Harrison
Gulch, he has become interested in a valu
able Sifckiyou mine with I. O. Jillson and
others. ' A. few months ago, he, with his
associates, purchased the old Gladstone,
near French Oulch, In addition to these
he holds some promising prospects. Ills
| most recent investment is in the Hayden
Hill OiEtrict. Lassen County. This district
is located on a. mountain group that crops
through the great Mount Lassen lava flow
in northeastern Lassen County.
The Modesto Herald says concerning
the hunt for quicksilver:
Alvinza Hayward and K. P. Xewhall have
bought irom A. W. Loughead 100 acrea of
land in the Adobe Valley country, in the
Coast Range buck of Grayson and adjoin
ing- lands purchased recently from Mrs.
Hail ajid G*orge Loug-head. A. W. Loug
head receives 11500. As stated in these col
umns, New hall has developed a promising
quicksilver lode on the George Loughead
land, a shaft has been sunk to a depth of
: 100 feet, a drift run 100 feet from the bot
! torn of the shaft and a. pumplnir plant lir-
Etalled. A dozen men are employed. The
development work obviously augur? well
Tor the future of the quicksilver proposi
tion, for Hayward and Newhall, In addition
to purchasing these tracts of land, have
arranged with George Loughead to develop
water for mining purposes on adjoining
land held by him. to follow the lode into
such land if it dips therein, and for wood
from the said land for twenty years at a
etumpage rate of 35 cents per cord.
E. C. Reed writes to the Globe Silver
Belt that the copper discovery ¦ In the
M&zatzal mountains, north of Globe, in
the Brown mining district, Arizona, may
develop into a second Anaconda. Globe is
the present terminus of the Gila Valley,
Globe and Northern Railway and is the
base of supplies for the section.
The directors of the Southwestern Min
ers' Association have recommended to Su
pervisors in counties in Arizona, new
Mexico, Nevada and Southern California
to place signs on the deserts for the guid
ance of mining prospectors.
The Los Angeles Express says that
Richard Gird, former owner of the great
Chino ranch, has been offered $250,000 cash
for his recently acquired mining property
located at A&ua Caliente. six miles north
of Chinipas, Chihuahua, Mexico, by a
wealthy English syndicate, but that the
offer was declined. It was about three
years ago when ne went to Agua Caliente
and opened up a camp, naming it Guatl
alupe. It is composed of nine veins of
ore carrying gold and silver, and pro
nounced by two San Francisco mining ex
perts as being exceedingly rich. A fine
mill has already been established at the
mines, -with ten stamps, and power for
an additional twenty. On May 1 of the
present year the mill commenced active
operations, and to date almost $73,000 in
bullion has been shipped to the mint at
Alamos. Me Gird is making arrange
ments to establish an electric plant at a
point twenty miles from his mines, where
there is a 150-foot waterfall, and expects
to secure ample power .to run all the ma
chinery at the mine.
Much work H going on among the mines
at Heurick, Trinity County. Several mines
will be operated through the winter.
The- Los Anscles Express voices the
opinion that Ihe mineral wealth of the
deserts is so great that they can be made
to pay as well as the best agricultural
lands. "On these deserts there are" a large
number of claims In which rich property
is being created out of forbidding moun
tains which have been pagsed and re
passed by all classes of people for many
years, through the discovery of precious
metals where before nothing 1 had been
seen but the desolate mountain sides. Men
who began work without capital are tak
ing out wealth at a rate which could well
awaken the envy of a prosperous fruit
grower."
The correspondent of the United States
Investor, writing from Helena, Mont.,
says that, never in the history, of that
State has there teen such activity in min
ing as now. "This is largely due," the
correspondent writes, "to the increased
demand for copper, which has led to the
increased production in all of the great
copper properties of Butte. The Increased
activity, however, has not been confined
to Butte. There are more shipping mines
in the State now than in the days when
silver was up, although most of the ship
pers now are gold and copper producing
properties. The report of Kugene B. Bra
den, assayer 'in charge of the United
States assay oflice In this city, to the Di
rector of the Mint placed Montana's min
eral output at more than $65,000,000 last
year, greater by $10,000,000 than In any
previous year. The increase was due in
largo measure to the increased output of
the copper mines at Butte."
The Mother Lode Magnet says: "Work
men have been engaged for a week past
in taking out the machinery from the Ala
meda mill. It is to be shipped by rail to
Merced, from which point it will be hauled
by teams to-Marlposa, where It will be
erected at the mine of the Mariposa Com
mercial and Development Company. This
mill was one of the finest in Tuolumne
County. That It should never have been
erected everybody in the district knows.
The management of the company's affairs
during 1 its brief period of operation was
characterized by looeeness and general in
competency. Mr. Doyle- arrived on the
sceno too late- to save a company that had
squandered a fortune on fancy surface
improvements. With the mill gone it may
be that some practical men will take hold
of the property and make a success of it.
Richard. Gird Is Reported to Have
Won in Mining Venture — Hay
ward Possibly Has L.arg'S
Quicksilver Proposition.
Unprecedented Exports Have
Given Miners flint of
Demand.
PROSPECTORS IN
ALL DIRECTIONS
OUT FOR COPPER
Farther north there are also entertained
large hopes concerning the production of
petroleum. Oil has been struck on the
north branch of the Flathead River In
Montana and several prospectors in the
Cut Bank Creek country have found oil
deposits. The Western Mining World
says the country is almost inaccessible.
The discoverers went in from Seattle.
Development will take place befqre the
snow flies. There Is no railroad within
elgrhty miles. All the drilling 1 will be done
with "the use of water power.
Development news from several Cali
fornia points is condensed as follows: Oil
has been struck in Temblor at the depth
of 750 feet: there is promise of pood wells
in Kern Canyon on sections 25, 27, 2S;
right wells will be put down at McKit
trick-.by the California Standard and Vir
ginia companies: the Home Oil Company's
eighth well at Whittier is a success; oil
is selling at "Whittier at ?1 25 to $1 40 and
there is a ready market at these prices
for the entire product. The Petroleum
Development Company has suspended
operations at Tar Springs, San Luis
Obispo Countv; San FTaucisco capital
ists will search for oil north of San Mar
cus Canyon in Orange County; leases to
Los Angeles parties have been made in
San Fernando; the Sten Oil Company ii»
the Coaling-a field has suspended opera
tions, waltins for tools. There are 90b
producing wells within the 'city limits of
Los Angeles; three companies are drilling
at San Pedro and rive others have rigs
up awaiting developments.
Oil has been discovered in paying quan
tities at the head of Soquel Canyon, west
of the old Gird homestead on the Cnino
ranch. ¦ ,,
Los Anjgrelenos have an idea, the oil
found In the Los Angeles field comes from
larger reservoirs in the east ana north
east portions of the city and an exten
sion of the field is belne sought across
the river near Olendale.
The Sunset Water Company has been
formed to furnish pure water to the Sun
set oil district. The water has been bad
and had to be distilled for domestic use.
The Los Angeles Herald reports that
the L. M. Lloyd ranch of 4CKX» acres, ad
joining: Ventura on the east, has been sold
to a Michigan syndicate for $SO,000, to be
prospected for oil
The Los Angeles Times says: "Thfl
storie« of fortunes that have been made
by lucky owners of land in the Kern
River section eclipse anything that has
come from the Klondike. It is onlv a
year since the first well in that eectlou
was completed. Less than two years ago
land could be bought there for ?2 &0 an
acre, and few people wanted it. To-day
Investors are anxious to get that land at
prices ranging from $3000 to S*V¥W per acre,
or even more. The days of rapid for
tunes made in land speculation are evi
dently by no means over."
The language of Commissioner Her
mann of the General Land Office, who has
personally inspected the oil lands of Cali
fornia, is also suggestive. This occurs In
his annual report, and he says, referring
tc areas developed by the oil men, "they
are vast and veritable oil fields."
There are many pointers which Indicate
the popular belief that the petroleum pro
ducing industry on the Pacific Coast is
bound to be much larger in the future.
The enlistment of Senator George C.
Perkins, R. J. Waters, President Ripley,
Vice President Kenna, General Manager
Xevin and Purchasing Agent Hodges of
the Santa Fe and A. B. Butler, the Fresno
raisin grower, in the Mexican Oil Ex
jii citation Company to seek for oil in
.Mexico is one sign of the times. Another
is the contract just closed between the
Santa Fe Railway Company and several
of the heaviest oil-producing companies in
the State to take 750,000 barrels of oil per
annum for a period of five years.
Petrohum Will Be Exploited in the
Far North — New Territory in
California Is Attracting
Attention.
Ten Million Dollar Com
pany to Prospect in i
Mexico's Soil.
STRIKING SIGNS
OF ADVANCE IN
OIL INDUSTRY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1900.
Sixteen thousand tons of tomatoes were
Imported Into Wales last year. Although
the climate of that country is well adapt
ed to raising tomatoes comparatively few
are produced" ithere, - • ¦ » ; ¦
Professor John Fryer Addresses Cali
fornia Schoolmasters' Club at
'• ; ;-;• Their Second Banquet.
; The California Schoolmasters*.. Club ban
queted at the; California" Hotel last even
ing, about fifty members being present.
Benjamin Ide Wheeler, president of the
California University, acted as toastmas
ter, and the feature of the evening was
the address by Professor John Fryer of
the University of California, who spoke
en "Chinese Kducatlon." Professor Fryer
spent twenty-six years in the Orient, dur
ing .which time he gave a great deal of
CHINESE EDUCATION IS
ASIA'S GREATEST LIGHT
40
0 '
® ?
1 1230-1232-1234 Market St. ;
o. L__ . i
e I
o Which Will Satisfy the Connoisseur and
0 Delight the Keenest Critic. . •
. ' J
1 OUR MOTTO: f
? Perfection of Style, Fit and -Finish. ?
% OUR PRICES: \
? Always the Lowest I % •
'? ~ O
g% ATTTOJiOBILE COATS. 40 Inches Ions.] GOOD QUALITY Bl^ACK, NAVY ¦ AND I
T xdj&jBm or good quaJity tan kenwy. >r A >r tcp-r^t-v TA<~trir-rc ki-*. ~ n A
silk lined throughout, neweet style; TAN KERSET JACKETS, hlrh collar. O
© rwd value J25.00. C1C (\(\ brCttd revers. lined throughout with. I
7 our price.*.....- OIt»«W e nk eerge; real value -.* O
O HIGH GBADE KERSEY AUTOMOBILE fli.co. at (Pt/tUU T
O ralue VJ>. at &^.%3»\J\J HEAVT "WEIGHT COVERT CLOTH •
O rtyie. at OOtOU 1 epeclal^ow price of ?> I «OU T
( Heal v&lu« flO.00. Real value $10.00.
o i __ ' __. T
i Fur Capes arid Novelties! |
I ' Collarettes B1CH VEL0DB jac kets, in l
i . -trimmed, braided and em- o
o ...at— broidered Jackets o
J Wholesale Prices I 912.50 to S3si x I
AD VEE TISEMENTB.
; " TKB CREDIT HO USE"
I • Six Stcrin W&
1 m £_zzj 1 1
I 1 !
I " I
I Lot? of room in this 5 i
j drawer Chiffonier, top- j
j ped with beveled, swing- j
j ing mirror, 14x24 inches, j
j No excuse for Tom, Dick ;
{ or Harry to let things lie j
j around with this roomy I
j chiffonier at hand QQ.JS \
I A hundred different chiffoniers. Some ;
i designed as much for beauty as for j
I service. Carving, inlaying and fine i
• woods call ior prices ranging from S12 j
I «I5 «iS up to =75. i
j Rope Portieres i
I The demand for this pretty and effec- i
; tive draping lias brought out many ]
« new and novel designs, colorings and i
i combinations. Just opening a fresh i
; lot that we want you to see. 55.50 up •
i CARPET DEPARTMENT |
I Wiltonette ;
j Something new in a carpet, that is, |
I new here. BVen jroing long enough i
; East to prove that it will stand wear, j
• You get Wilton quaiitv, in pattern & j
j color we think will please you, sewed, I
• lined & laid for 7; cents a yard- •
; J-ree Delivery. Oakiand. Alauiada, Berkeley J
! ML FRIEDMAN & CO. !
• (Incorporated) ¦
: 233-235-237 Pest St. Open Evenings •
Hale's. • ¦ t • j Hale's. 1 Hale'a. j ¦ tLaie **
• • - *
to-morrow— the formal opening of Jhe hew store's basement salesroom— a splendidly.Hghted, perfectly ventilated
area— well in keeping with the high standard of the new store— devoted to house furnishings, cutlery, trunks, bags, see-
ing machines, etc. ' *' ' ' * _ -
opening sale of enamelware.
first quality — eacfi and every piece guaranteed perfect — enamelware, where the coating is absolutely free from
lead, arsenic or other injurious ingredients so frequently used, enamelware — first quality — perfect at unparalleled prices
— prices less than the poor, cheap, unwholesome "seconds" usually cost — note these —
no. I— enamelware ladle— worth *i5c— opening price 10c enamelware coffee or tea pots— 2 quart size— worth 39c each-
no. 2 — enamelware straight side saucepans — with covers and han- openingprice ; .. i£Tc
dies— 8 quart size— worth 1 70c each— opening price -....•.•• 5»e enamelware dustpans— regular price 20c each— opening price! 15c
opening^rkT .™*. . .' lU ; n . . . S !! C ~^. r . t . . 7 °. > enamelware wall soap dishes-^;/ 2 x 4 inches-regular price 20c each
no. 4 — enamelware wash bowls — 10 inch size — regular, price 25c * e , - C *',j .'"''i * ', *«_
each opening price loe enamelware mukpans or kettles — 3 quart size — worth 35c each —
no. 5 — enamelware lipped saucepans— 3 quart size— worth 35c each opening price •••••• • : • - « c
—openingprice ............................. ........ -.'{« japanned chamber p3ils— 10 quart size— worth 40c each— opening
no. 6— enamelware berlin covered and handled saucepans — 4 price ;*."", ', " ** e
quart size — worth 49c each — opening price iiOe tin wash basins — io54 inches — worth I2y 2 c each — opening price.Se
no. 7— enamelware fish boiler— worth $1.75— opening price..^l.lS.V , galvanized water pails— 10 quart size— worth 30c each— opening
no. 8 — enamelware coffee boilers — 4 quart size — worth 63c each — price , 15c
opening price 49c wash boilers — no. 8 size — heavy tin — copper bottoms^ — regular
no. 9 — enamelware berlin kettles — with covers and bails — 4 qmrt price $1.50 each — opening price $1.1I>
size— worth 49c each — opening price -Oc clothes wringers— wooden frames— 10-inch rolls— adjusted to fit
no. 10— enamelware fryir^pan — worth 35c — opening price iioc either set or wood tubs — regular price $1.75 eac h — opening price.OSc
no. 11 — enamelware tea kettles — 5 quart size — worth 75c each — tin dishpans — 10 quart size — regular price 20c each — opening price
opening price , 4JJc lot?
enamelware straight saucepots— with side handles— 10 quart size— . 'galvanized washtubs— 22x11— worth $1.00 each— opening price.,
worth 63c each — openingprice .30c
enamelware candlesticks — with brass holders — regular price 2^c Bissell's carpet sweepers — warranted genuine — worth $300 each —
each — opening price ¦.; , 1 ; lOc openingprice J<2.2r>
enamelware berlin kettks— with balls and covers— 2 quart size— canvas covered trunks— 30 to 36 inches— iron bottoms— brass Idcfsi
worth 35c each — opening price .lOc — riveted hardwood cleats — worth $4-50 to $5.50 — opening price. $U.S7
silk and dress goods.
« an ever changing array of fabric beauty — first floor— third aisle— rear.
the section devoted to silks and dress goods is one of the most fascinating spots in the new store, everywhere the
eye meets new fabric beauty — a variety that is practically unlimited — an assortment artistic and rich, but notwithstand-
ing, these half dozen items stand out strikingly against a background of such exceptional values.
fancy zibeline suitings — one of the most proper sort of the rough cheviot suitings in the new grays nnd browns — pre-eminently styl-.
surfaced fabrics that are so popular this season — entirely new and strik- ish and in great demand for tailor-made dresses and separate skirts —
ingly handsome colorings— full 46 inches wide— per yard $1.25 54 inches wide— price, per yard " ....$l.oO
"black serges— extra heavy strictly all wool— 46 inches wide— ac-. colored velvets— made expressly for Hale's California stores —
tual value 75c a yard — new store price COc sixty-one different shades to choose from — per yard .J^l.OO
black satin duchesse — pure silk — handsomely finished — strong and plain colored taffeta silks — a reliable made-to-wear quality — every
very desirable for skirts— you can have no notion what a splendid wanted colpr and shade— 10, inches wide— one of the best silk values we
value this is until you see it. per yard ......_. ••<?P C ever asked you to become interested in— per yard 70c
small wares.
.often needed things at lower than usual prices— first fioor-sccond aisle— rear.
there seems no limit to your appreciation as measured by the reception the lots advertised of late received, here
are more items^ which should receive as ready a welcome.
8 and 9 inch horn bones— one dozen in'bunch— per bunch.... .fe - ". "whalebone casing— red, gray, yellow, white and black— per piece of
rubber dress-shields— size '3— a good light-' weight shield — per , . 9 yards .;.' .'..'. v .. oc
p a ; r . ; ..."..... Oc . '. .; white pearl buttons — medium size— 20 gross in the lot — per doz.Sc
fancy "frilled garter elastic— put up ; iiv- 54 "yard pieces— the correct Jadics' side hose supporters— made with, fancy frilled elastic and new
garter length pink.blue., orange and red — per piece ........: 5c • curved metal catch— black, red. orange, blue and pink, per pair. .10c
hairpin cabinets— sixty iapanned wire hairpins in wooden box — two : strap satin ribbon pulley belts with" steel or enamelediuckles
each .....:....¦.........¦.... ....... .V. ....5c — black only — each ; 4Sc
Hudnut's ¦ '¦;••" - : #^^^/feKfJ>^^^ •; ' ifvou are especially particular I
— fit alike for royalty and the /&&f a __^^»*^y > preparations — the standard by
millions of refined women Jn , l^^a^^^^m. jrx^s^^k ~~^r . which all other toilet prepara-
American homes. .. t .; fi*—~~ "^^fegac^S^^^ ffi ™S$mr~^^ tioris are judged— a full line at
first floor — third aisle— front. ¦ % .. *..,_•', ** ." ;:' ~ U " f^ Smmmmt \ """ "' ' ' ; ' H ? le ' s -
we want our out-of-town patrons to also enjoy the advantages of this sale. ¦ . mail orders invited.