TIMOTHY HEALY, EXCLUDED NATIONALIST.
Continued on Page Two.
AMERICAN HEIRESS
TO WED FORMER . KINO
Humors of Engagement of Miss Atzel
and Milan Rife in Austrian
Capital.
LONDON, Dec. 13.— The Vienna cor
respondent of the Dally Chronicle says a
rumor is in circulation . in the Austrian
capital that ; former King Milan Is about
to become' engaged to Miss Atzel, > an
American heiress.
"We will have nothing further to do with
an organization that has proven Itself
incompetent; that broke Its contract to
give us thirty days' notice and gave us
but thirty seconds," said General Man
ager Mudge to-night. "That is not say
ing that recognition will be denied the
Order of Railway Tcle-graphers perma
nently or under competent management.
J am not competent to speak for the fu-
Suie; that Is a matter for the railroad's
president to determine. Mr. Ripley in an
interview Bay* he favors the existence
!>f railroad organizations. I am also 'n
favor of the brotherhood*. They are au
.'horltativc bodies with whom a great vol-
J-ale of mutual business can be trans
a-cied, where otherwise there would be
Do head or authority to transact business
with. I cannot say but that with the
eame able and careful management the
TOPEKA, Kan.. Dec. 12.-The Santa Fe
Hallway has repudiated Its returns with
the Order of Kail way Telegraphers. All
the courtesies prevalent between the road
and the operators have been revoked.
Plenty of Telegraphers.
Santa Fe Officials Say They Save
ALL COURTESIES REVOXED.
President M. M. Dolphin of the Order of
liailroad Telegraphers will arrive here to
morrow morning at 4:20. and will take
personal charge of the strike operations
in tfci» district. Dolphin left Oalveston
yesterday for Topeka. He had not pro
ceeded far before the conductor took up
his annual pass and forced him to pay full
fare. It is understood that ell the passes
of the operators' officers have been re
voked- As soon as Dolphin arrives here
•he strike will take on new life. Arrange
ment* have been made by the local chair
men to begin an active campaign for sup
jxirt from the other railroad organiza
tions as soon as he arrives here to take
1^-rtonaJ charge.
The opr-r-itr.rs here appear to be very
Jubilant and claim they have something
big up their eleevfcs, which will develop
i-oon.
Permanent headquarters for the strik
ers have- b«en f-nabllshed in a Topeka ho
ttl, whtre messages can be constantly ie
ceived from all parts of the system. The
headquarters will be maintained as long
as there Is any occasion for them.
Newman has been on the road for two
days and has not been at any one place
long enough to receive complete dis
patches from all parts of the ss^stem. All
be has received, however, indicate that
ihe Mrike conditions are decidedly favor
able for tho operators.
In the general office here three new men
are working. None of these have had ex
perience. Positions In the general office
hiive been very difficult to fill even by
rr.en who have had years of experience
on the road.
The officials have been in the depot all
day with loads of instruction books,
blanks and the like, endeavoring to make
the amateur operators acquainted with
their duties. Before the strike two ordi
narily competent operators could care for
ail the business in the depot office and
have time to spare.
This statement of Newman seems to be
substantiated by the difficulty attending
the operations of the new men here. In
the Topeka depot office three men and one
woman are at work. None of these have
i ..<: • xpcntr.ee. The Lost one In the num
ber can send fifteen words per minute, and
the others much less.
¦'I have just received a report from the
Chicago division." said Newman, "stating
That we have had numerous accessions to
our ranks and that the boys there are
jubilant over the- good condition of things.
Ilepeated messages from trainmen on the
Chicago division assure me that most of
the operators are out. Conductors say
they have great difficulty in running their
trains, some of which are late. The com
pany claims that all the places are filled
by new men. Some of them may be. but
when the class of men filling them is
taken into consideration the satisfaction
in -materially changed. Most of the «o
r.-Jif-d operators are students who never
saw th« Inside of a railroad office before
end they are utterly incompetent to fill
the positions."
TOPEKA, Kan.. Dec 12.— J. A. Newman,
chairman of the Santa Fe Grievance Com
mittee, arrived here to-day to confer with
The striking operators. Newman is very
sanguine at^out the ultimate result of the
strike.
Declares the Telegraphers'
Fight Is a Decided
Failure.
PJPLEY IS CONFIDENT
Not in Favor of De
claring National
Tie-Up.
Dolphin Believes
Troubles Near
a Close.
SAYS THE
STRIKERS
WILL WIN
DENVER, Dec. 12.— As a result of the
shooting of J. B. Comstock, a non-union
operator at Sedalia, last night by sympa
thizers of the striking telegraphers, the
Santa Fe to-day had a score or more of
deputy sheriffs sworn in and distributed
them along the line between here and
Lajunta to guard their operators. Corn
stock, who was only slightly wounded in
the arm, went back to Sedalia to-night
and resumed his position. Two deputies,
armed with Winchesters, are guarding
him, with instructions to shoot anybody
who attempts to molest him. At Castle
Rock, where the operator was forced to
leave town last night, there are three dep
uties on duty.
Operators at the Keys.
Men With Winchesters Watch Over
of Colorado, after due investigation, the
locked-out telegraphers of your road are
absolved from any complicity in the re
cent outrages upon certain employes who
have taken the places of these men in
the State. The Interests of the people
of the State and the patrons of your road
would be materially subserved were the
differences existing between the manage
ment and telegraphers submitted to ar
bitration and settled as speedily as pos-
A warm reply is expected.
DEPUTIES ARE ON GUAED.
Lieutenant General Miles had a slight
accident while heading the centennial pa
rade to-day, a break In his horse's saddle
girth giving the general a fall. The head
of the parade had just passed the Presi
dent's reviewing stand, and General
Miles, having saluted ithe President, had
turned his horse toward the House wing
of the Capitol. The saddle girth suddenly
parted, permitting the eaddle to turn on
the animal, and General Miles .was seen
to fall sideways. The horse did not plunge
and an officer sprang forward. Being a
good horseman. General Miles saved him
self from being thrown with force, and
suffered nothing save the Inconvenience
and annoyance of the accident.
A company of Jackies from the Gov
ernment yacht Dolphin had literally
swathed the hall In flags. The fronts of
the galleries were hidden by them, the
brass railings which marked off the lob
bies were festooned with them and the
Speaker's marble rostrum was covered
with them. Not more than half were
American flags, and this fact was at first
rather startling, until the full beauty of
the color scheme dawned upon the spec
tators. From the galleries every other
flag was that of a foreign country. The
royal flag of England was draped from
the reserved gallery on the east, next the
executive gallery, and the Imperial black,
white and red of Germany on the right.
The crested flag of Austro-Hungary, the
trl-color of France, the royal ensign of
Russia, the green, white and red of Mex
ico, and even the red and yellow of Spain
were there. But below, circling the hall
and walling in the distinguished assem
blage, were the glorious buff and blue
under which the Continental army of
Washington had achieved the independ
ence of the American republic, while con
fronting the audience, back of the Speak
er's desk, was the beautiful silk flag of
the republic, and from it, stretching away
on either side over the paintings of La
fayetto and Washington, blazed the stars
and stripes. The flags of the Continental
army, many of which were old and tat
tered, had been brought from the War
Department for the occasion.
the Supreme Court in their Judicial robes.
Lieutenant General Miles and many dis
tinguished officers of the army and navy
who had received the thanks of Congress,
the Governors of more than half the
States of the Union and the Commission
ers of the District of Columbia, while the
galleries were resplendent with the wealth
and culture of the national capital. As a
spectacle nothing could have been more
inspiring or impressive. . - .-¦¦-.=
dace F. Walker, chairman of the Board
of Directors of the Santa Fe, and E. P.
Rlpley, president of the road:
"In behalf of the people of the State
Pointed Telegram Sent by the Acting
Governor of Colorado.
DENVER, Dec. 12.-On the request of
the officers of the State Federation of La
bor, Acting Governor Carney, a Populist,
to-day sent the following telegram to Al-
ARBITRATION IS URGED. ,
Order of Railway Telegraphers will be on
the same footing with the Brotherhood of
Locomotive Engineers, Brotherhood of Lo
comotive Firemen and other organiza
tions. By breaking their contract with
us they have forfeited recognition. For
the present it is a fact.
"Courtesies to the fellows Involved In
this strike have been revoked, Mr. Dol
phin's annual pass among them. As to
the Colorado disturbances, we have spe
cial agents out along the line from Den
ver to Colorado Springs to prevent any
more annoyances."
C. G. Sholes, superintendent of tele
graph, says he has a stack of applica
tions a foot high from operators who are
anxious to work and that he has noti
fied the applicants that no more are
needed.
General Superintendent Resslguie con
curs in the statements of the other of
ficials that the strike is ended.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 12.— With
imposing ceremonies the na
tional capital to-day cele
brated the centennial anni
versary of the founding of
the seat of the Federal Government in
Washington. The exercises combined a
brilliant military parade, a review by the
President from the east front of the Capi
tol and orations in the hall of the House
of Representatives, where a brilliant au
dience was assembled. By act of Con
gress, the day was made a national holi
day in the District of Columbia. The Gov
ernment departments •were closed, busi
ness was suspended and the whole city
gave itself over to celebrating the
capital's natal day. President McKinley
and the members of his Cabinet took a
prominent part in all the exercises, and
with them were the chief executives of a
large number of the States and Territo
ries of the Union, the Senators and Rep
resentatives in Congress, the Judiciary of
the United States Supreme Court, the
Embassadors and Ministers from foreign
courts, the heads of the army and navy
and a great outpouring of the people.
Although Washington is the scene of
many celebrations, it If seldom that one
has occurred here of greater brilliancy in
Its outdoor features or of more impres
siveness In Its ceremonial exercises at the
Capitol and at the White House. Early in
the day the President received the Gov
ernors of States and Territories at the
White House and the model for a new
and enlarged White House to commem
orate to-day's exercises was unveiled with
suitable addresses.
At 1 o'clock the President was escorted
to the Capitol, where he reviewed a- pa
rade headed by Lieutenant General Miles
and including the full military strength of
the capital, regulars and military. The
ct-remonies at the Capitol began at 3:30
p. m. and included addresses by Senators
Daniel of Virginia and McComas of Mary
land. Representatives Payne of New York
und Richardson of Tennessee and a nota
ble historic oration by Senator Hoar of
Massachusetts. A reception by the Presi
dent to the Governors of States at the
Corcoran Art Gallery to-night closed the
festivities.
After the parade came imposing exer
cises In the hall of the House, where
gathered as distinguished a company as
its walls had ever held. On the floor were
the President and the members of the
Cabinet, the members of the Senate and
House, the Kmbassadors and Ministers of
foreign countries in full court uniform, the
Chief Justice and associate Justices of
CENTENNIAL ANNIVERSARY
OF FEDERAL GOVERNMENT'S
FOUNDING AT WASHINGTON
Brilliant M litarv Parade Reviewed by the Presiden Fol
lowed by S irring Scenes and Speeches in the H.iii ot
House of Representatives — G^n. Miles Rilis From H:r?e.
y^ALL BUREAU, 1406' G STREET.
nf N. W.. WASHINGTON. Dec. 12.—
\^ While the union jack of England
—^ was flying from the flagstaff of
the British Embassy, by order of
Lord Pauncefoto, in honor of the Capitol
centennial celebration, the same flag was
taken down from the decorations in the
hall of the House of Representatives, by
order of Speaker Henderson, while the
flags of other powers were left in place.
As soon as the House adjourned yester
day Assistant Doorke.eper»B-..W v .Kennedv.
with a force of sailors from the dispatch
boat Dolphin, took charge of the hall and
decorated, it for to-day's centennial ex
ercises. Banners from the Dolphin's flag
box were used in the decorations. The
American flag, of course, predominated,
but from. each of the galleries was the
draped flag of a foreign nation.
The British flag had a conspicuous posi
tion below the women's gallery adjoin
ing the executive gallery, which, in turn,
adjoins the diplomatic gallery. Other for
eign flags in the order in which they wero
arranged around the hall were those of
Colombia, Guatemala, Greece, Sweden.
Belgium, Austria-Hungary, The Nether
lands, Switzerland, Honduras, France,
Germany and Haytl.
When Speaker Henderson reached the
Capitol, after having attended the exer
cises at the AVhite House, he went to his
private room without going Into the hall
of the House. Representative Reeves of
Illinois entered soon afterward and told
him stories were being sent to the news
papers about the k use of the British flag.
The Speaker at once sent for Assistant
Doorkeeper . Kennedy, who told him no
foreign flags had been used, and that
the banner in" question was a navy slg-
COLOMBIAN TROOPS
TAKE REBEL STRONGHOLD
British Steamer Toboga, Seized by
the Government, to Be Returned
to H:r Owners.
COLON, Dec. 12. — Official dispatches
have been received from Governor Alban
of the State of Panama, announcing that
after a three days' engagement. Tumaco,
the former stronghold of the insurgent
movement, was reoccupied^ by the Gov
ernment troops December 4, and that the
Galtan, a rebel steamer, has been de
stroyed.
Governor Alban, who returned to, the
city of Panama to-day; will hand back
uninjured to her owners the British
steamer Toboga, which was seized last
month by the Colombian Government to
transport an armed expedition from Pan
ama to the port of Buena Ventura., and
was there used in the bombardment of
the rebel position on Points Bazan and
Soldado.
NEW YORK, Dec. 13.— Advices received
to-day from various parts of Colombia
and confirmed by passengers who arrived
from Panama, tell of desperate fighting
in nearly every state. The most desperate
fighting Is now going on in the depart
ment of Bolivar. In a battle fought at
Toluvlejo on November 25. the revolution
ists lost, among 100 killed and wounded,
two able officers, General P. Campacho
and Colonel Enrique Plnedo. The rebels
took 200 prisoners, besides which the Gov
ernment force lost 100 killed. Five cannon
were also taken by the rebels.
Froni" the':, department of Magdalena
comes the information that General Var
gos Santos, President of the revolutionary
army, with his force, has arrived at the
port of Rio Hacha and established head
quarters there.
Through a M understanding >he Residing Officer cf ihe
House • t Representatives Orders the U 'ion J 'ck Low
ered Wh.le Emblems cf O her Powers Remain D splayed
of the Sun.
. Him in Editing Special Issues
of the Sun.
NEW YORK; Dec. 12.-Dr. Joseph
Parker, minister of the City Temple, who
has undertaken the editorship and control
of. the Sun during Christmas week, ha9
Invited George Edwardes of the Gaiety
Theater, as a labor of love, to assist him
by dealing with dramatic matter. Mr.
Edwardes Is taking time to consider
whether he will accept.
ASKS ASSISTANCE
OF THEATRICAL MAN
Dr. Parker Wishes Edwardes to Aid
On the contrary, the President declares
he will offer every possible means in his
pewer to aid the United States In the
great work.
PANAMA. Dec. 12.— The Herald's cor
respondent In Managua, Nicaragua, tele
graphs that President Zeelaya repeats his
former statements that he will not place
any obstacles in the way of the construc
tion of the Nicaragua canal by the United
States Government.
Special Cable to The Call and N'ew York Her
ald. Cor>Tl»ht. 1900, by the Herald Pub
lishing. Company..
Do All in His Power to Aid
the United States.
President of Nicaragua Says He Will
ZEELAYA WILL NOT
OPPOSE. THE CANAL
As the bill now stands the Pacific Mall
Steamship Company will be a beneficiary
of the subsidy, whereas the Colombian
line will be excluded.
NEW YORK, Dec. 12.— A World special
from Washington says: A "stinger" hag
been discovered in the ship subsidy bill
which deprives the Colombian Steamship
Company's vessels plying between New
York and Colon from participation in the
bounty. The "stinger" was inserted as an
amendment upon the personal solicita
tion of the late Ccllls P. Huntington, it
is said, who thus sought to satisfy a bus
iness grudge of five years' standing.
sels Barred From Participation
- in the Bounty.
Colombian Steamship Company's Ves-
"STINGER" DISCOVERED
IN SUBSIDY BILL
The taking down of the British flag was
attributed to Representative Sulzer of
New York. Sulzer received a letter early
this morning, reported to have been writ
ten by some of the Dolphin Jackies, re
porting that they would decorate his desk
with a Boer flag. When Sulzer reached
his desk he failed to iinrt any Boer flag,
and at last accounts was still looking for
it. . :,-'-- : "'.V :
Lord Pauncefote. the British Embassa
dor, was In the hall at the head of the dip
lomatic corps throughout the ceremonies
thi3 afternoon, ii is not probable that
he will make any representations to th*
State Department in the matter, but
Speaker Henderson is likely to take the
first opportunity to apologize privately
for the mistake.
Speaker Henderson said to-night that
he had no intention of doing anything dis
courteous to the British Government. Ho
had acted on the report of Kennedy that
no other foreign flags were used, and had
the British flag taken down because It
would not be proper to put one nation
over all others.
Kennedy soon reported that It was a
British flag and that no other foreign
flags were used In the hall. Speaker Hen
derson ordered Kennedy to take down ths
British flag, saying it would not do to
have the flag of only one foreign power
displayed in the House. The upper part
of the British Jack was then dropped
.down . from . tlwt gallery ledge, so that iz
was practically hidden behind <*- rn' 1
which surrounds the seats on the floor,
and red, white and blue bunting was
draped over it.
nal flag. Mr. Reeves still Insisted that
it was a British flag, and the Speaker
told, Mr. Kennedy to make sure about it
and let him know.
SPEAKER HENDERSON ORDERS
THE BRITISH COLORS HAULED
DOWN FROM THE DECORATIONS
LONDON. Dec. 12.— Lord Kitchener
cables the War Office from Pretoria, un
der date of December 12, that General
Knox reports from Helvetia that he Is
engaged in a running fight with General
Dewet, and that the enemy Is moving
toward Reddersburp, where there is a
column ready to co-operate with the other
British forces.
Lord Kitchener, in another dispatch, re
ports that the Boers attacked the post
near Barberton. The British casualties
were three killed, five wounded and thir
teen taken prisoners. The captured men
have since been released.
The Boers raided the Riverton road sta
tion December 11. They are being fol
lowed up.
General Kitchener's .message indicates
that Dewet has again evaded Knox. Af
ter the latter had foiled the Boer general
at Coomassie Drift, the Boers seem to
have doubled back, crossed the Caledon
River elsewhere and turned thence north
west, in the direction of Reddersburg, the
memorable scene of the British disaster
in April, when Dewet captured the Irish
Rifles.
STATESMEN DISSATISFIED.
Suggestion Made for Granting Ocn-
era! Amnesty to the Boers.
LONDON, Dec. 1-.— Considerable irrita
tion was aroused during to-day's debate
in the House of Commons on supply. Sir
Robert T. Reid, Q. C. Liberal member
for Dumfriesburgh, painted a gloomy pic
ture of the conditions in South Africa. He
said that after fourteen months of war.
costing £5,000,000 per month, anarchy was
prevalent and famine threatened, and this
may te followed by a native rising. An
attempt to place the colonies under mili
tary rule, he said, would imperil the very
existence of the empire. He thought the
time had arrived for offering the Boers
terms not inconsistent with British domin
ion. All ideas of unconditional surrender
should be discarded.
James Bryce, Liberal, followed on sim
ilar lines. He suggested granting general
amnesty to the Boers now in arms as le
gitimate combatants. The negotiations,
Mr. Bryce also said, should not be intrust
ed to Sir Alfred Milner, who was the ob
ject of almost universal distrust, includ
ing at least half the Queen's subjects in
South Africa.
Mr. Broderick. the Secretary for War,
hotly challenged Mr. Bryce's statements
regarding Sir Alfred Milner.
Sir Robert Reid's speech. Mr. Broderlck
asserted, was impracticable, unwise and
mischievous. The Government was per
fectly willing to offer terms for surrender
so long as it could not be interpreted as
proof of weakness and thereby cause a
prolongation of the guerrilla warfare.
After further recriminations the report
of supply was agreed to.
During subsequent discussion in commit
tee of ways and means, the Chancellor of
the Exchequer. 31r Michael Hicks-Beach,
promised that a considerable proportion,
of the cost of the war should be obtained
from the Transvaal. He added that a
treasury committee had chosen a commis
sioner to proceed to the Transvaal to as
certain its as£et3 and taxable capacity. Sir
David Barbour. continued the Chancellor
of the Exchequer, had been selected tor
this task.
The resolution was then agreed, to and
the House adjourned.
Sir David Miller Barbour. K. C. M. G..
who has been named as a treasury com
missioner to proceed to the Transvaal to
ascertain the taxable value of property
there, was a member of the council of the
Governor-General of India, 1S77-1S93. was
royal commissioner to inquire Into the
conditions and prospects of sugar growing
colonies.. lS9t>. and latterly commissioner
to Inquire into the finances or Jaraa'ca.
Lord Roberts Explains One of His
Latest Proclamations.
BXTRNXNG OF FARMHOUSES.
LONDON, Dec. 12.— Forty-one proclama
tions of Lord Roberts have been pub
lished. They have oeen mostly summa
rized previously in the newspapers. The
last one, dated November IS. says:
"As there appears to be some misun
derstanding aa regards the burning of
farms, the commander-ln-chlef wishes the
lollowlng to be the lines upon which gen
eral officers commanding are to act: *Xo
British Casualties Are Three
Killed, Five Wounded and
Thirteen Capture!
ATTACK ON ONE POST
Kitchener Reports a
Running Fight in
Progress.
Knox Fails to
Catcl Boer
. Chief.
PURSUERS
ARE ELUDED
BY DEWET
Will Take No Notice of His
Exclusion and Continue
Work for Ireland.
DUBLIN, Dec. 12.— Tho Nationalist con
vention resumed Its sersions to-day, John
Redmond presiding. After resolutions had
been adopted amending the constitution
of the United Irish League and making
the Nationalist convention an annual
fixture, William O'Brien moved a strong
ly worded resolution in favor of the
abolition cf landlordism in Ireland and
the transfer of the soil to the occupying
proprietary. Ireland's struggle, he de
clared, should continue without ceasing
until the landlords were forced to aban
don their present intolerable system of
dual control.
One branch of the Irish League, con
tinued Mr. O'Brien, will devote Its time
to bringing to the doors of landlords, land
grabbers and their castle allies the In
convenience 'of -landloitHsm.- '"""¦¦' "¦•---¦ ••¦¦-;.-•¦
The resolution was adopted amid the
utmost enthusiasm.
Resolutions appealing for funds from
America and elsewhere, to be used against
Jury packing and for the propagation of
the Irish language, were adopted.
The convention adopted resolutions fa
voring the abolition of landlordism and
Inviting Thomas Sexton and Michael
Davitt to return to Parliament. The
subscriptions announced to the Parlia
mentary fund Include £100 each from Ed
ward Blake and the Freeman's Journal.
HEALY ON HIS EXCLUSION.
Not Worried by Acts of Convention
and Will Work On as Usual.
LONDON. Dec. 12.— Timothy Healy Is
not a whit disturbed by his exclusion
from the Irish party. He has neither the
intent'on of resigning nor of forming an
opposition section. He is avowedly hos
tile to Mr. DHlon and still more so
toward T. P. O'Connor, who, Mr. Healy
alleges, is behind the whole movement,
nnd ho is utterly hopeless of the cause of
Ireland. In the course of a lengthy Inter
view Mr. Hoaly said:
"I care nothing for the action taken.
Inasmuch as such action and such scenes
hurt our cause, I shall take no notice of
the resolution, nor If I can help it will
any of my Parliamentary supporters. My
constituents passed a vote of confidence
In me last Friday. I shall acknowledge It
and do the best I can to help Ireland on
the lines I have pursued for the last
twenty years. I shall look^ upon Mr. Red
mond as my loader and follow his wishes.
But the O'Brien crowd is not likely to let
Mr. Redmond continue long in the leader,
ship."
Mr. Healy, In a letter to his constitu
ents acknowledging the vote of confi
dence, said:
"The seasoning which comes to a cam
paigner of old service converts even the
rubric of the gloomiest executioner into
a source of gayety. In fact, I find so much
fun in poor William O'Brien that I free
ly forgive him all his incantations."
VICTOBY FOR O'BRIEN.
London Journals Comment Freely on
the Home Rule Fight.
LONDON, Dec. 12. — The newspapers re
gard yesterday's Nationalist convention
at Dublin as a victory for William
O'Brien, but comment at length on the
turbulent scenes. The Times thinks Mr.
Redmond must regret the candor of his
opening speech, wherein he warned the
audience that if the proceedings end in a
spectacle of rancor and disorder the" evil
effects would continue for a lifetime.
The Dally Chronicle, always sympa
thetic with Ireland and home rule, says:
"How long will the tongues of their own
delegates be the greatest stumbling block
the Irish have to overcome in their strug
gle for home rule? How long will Na
tionalist meetings continue to furnish the
detractors of Ireland with weighty ar
guments for " frustrating reasonable
hopes?"
The Dally News says: "Mr O'Brien
must henceforth be the real leader of
Irish nationalism and his formal adop
tion cannot be long delayed. ;• If Mr. /Red
mond Is re-elected Parliamentary chair
man next session/' it< will-simply- be as an
instrument and puppet of Mr. O'Brien. Of
his obvious fervent patriotism In the
Irish sense there can be no doubt. He Is
a generous, single minded enthusiast. His
sagacity is less obvious."
, The Standard expresses the belief that
John Redmond will decline the leadership
at the next session of Parliament.
HEALY NOT DISTURBED
Resolutions Adopted
by Convention
at Dublin.
Strong Words of
New Leader
O'Brien.
-
PATRIOTS
FIGHT FOR
H OME RULE
WILLIAM C/BRIEN, NEW IRISH LEADER.
The San Francisco Call.
VOLUME LXXXIX-XO. 13.
SAX FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 13, 190O.
rRICE FIVE CENTS.A successful entertainment and dance
was civen at Union-square Hall last night
Jor the benefit of 8t. Peter's Episcopal
<"hurch, corner of Stockton and Filbert
t-treets. The feature of th« programme
v-as a "district school," with Mrs. O. L,
Hodgklns as the teacher. Other features
were as follows: Bass solo, John C. fc'hul
tacte; soprano solOj Miss Rose Broderick:
WcGhce and Cooper. Jutch dollneators;
rK-ltation, Miss McDerraott; "The Fa
mous 6inj?inpr Clowns"," from the "Circus
Maxlraus"; barytone eolo, Herr Carl
Fchwertfincer; Bennett children, speclal
t>s. Dancing followed the programme.
Benefit for St. Peter's Church.
TWO LIVES LOST
IN MISSOURI WRECK
Freight Trains Come Together on
Pacific-Iron Mount- •
ain Railway.
DESOTO, Mo... Dec. 12.— A heed end col
lision occurred on the Missouri Pacific-
Iron Mountain Railway at Desarc be-
tween two freight trains, resulting In the
death of Kngineer James Britt of Olney,
111., and Brakeman Kd Bradley of De
soto. The latter was caught under the
wreck, which took fire and Incinerated
his body.
Fireman D. Barrett fell under his en
gine and was rescued from. being burned
alive by cutting his left arm off with an
nx. \V. N. Ralston, conductor, and R.
D. Scott, brakeman, and O. L». Scott were
slightly Injured. -? : , .
Kight cars loaded with lumber and cot
ton caught fire and were : entrely con
sumed, causing a loss to the railway com
pany of about $15,000. The wreck is said
to have been caused 'by a disregard of
meeting orders. .¦ ., ,. ¦_ _¦-,.:
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablet*. All
Snigglnte refund the money If it fails to cure.
K. W. Grove's elf nature in on each box, 25c. •
Company's Power House on
Stevenson Street.
A pcv*»re explosion occurred last even
ing f>bcut 5:3u in the power house of the
Han Francisco General Klectric Light and
Gas Company at 233 Stevenson street.
Kight loud reports were heard In rapid
FucceFFion one after another, and big
fheets of flame fhot out of the windows
<n the ffoond floor. The accident -was
c-aused through eomo defective mechanism
In the dynamo. A crowd quickly gathered
:tt the p^ne of the explosion. No fire
alarm was turned in, and the utmost
BBCWcy was maintained bv the employe*
«»f tlie oorporation. Two policemen at
tracted by ihe explosion were refused ad
rr'i5£ion to the power house. The doors
v.<re closed and no statement was forth
coming in regard io the amount of the
damege.
Several merchants called and conj-
Xlained bitterly that the accident was a
treat 1<>s» to their business, as they had
Do light in thfir stores. The clerks Jn
the ottirf were silent. They had not heard
of the explosion. They did not know that
the lights had gone out on Fourth street
:<r.(i they could not disturb the superin
tendent, L. D. Uitzeroh.
Eight Loud Reports Come From Gas
£MPIX>Y£S ARE SILENT
REGARDING EXPLOSION
Professor Marshall Henshaw.
SPRINGFIELD, Mass., Dec. 12.-Pro
fessor Marshall Henshaw, of Amherst
College, died suddenly to-day. : •
PAN DIEGO, Dec. 12.— The torpedo boat Far
ragut sailed this morning for. Magdalena Bay
with mail for the Iowa nnd Philadelphia. She
will return here the. latter part of next week.
MODESTO, Dec. 12.— E.- H. Warner Tiled
this morning. He was etruck'.by a piece of
bursting rniery wheel at his .plow works on
Monday and was injured Internally.. He leaven
thre« daughters. Warner was 52 years of ag«
and a native of Illinois
BOISE. Idaho, D?c. 32.^-Joseph Thoma
son was fatally stabbed by James Green
of Crane Creek to-night. -The men quar
reled at a dance over a girl and both
drank heavily; | They met later in the
evening and Green stabbed Thomason.
Fatal Stabbing Affray.
LIVADIA. Kuropean Russia, Dec. 12.—
Kmperor Nicholas now* takes his meals
with the Empress." His Majesty IS deeply
touched by. the solicitude for hJs recovery
displayed not -only, throughout Russia,
whence he has 'received numerous offers
cf consecrated bread, but also throughout
the countries of Europe and particularly
America, whence many letters have been
received, mostly from private persons,
containing advice and suggestions as to
treatment. . .•»-.. . . . •- t
His Health Displayed Througb.
. • out Civilized World.
I>eeply Touched by the Solicitude for
EMPEROR NICHOLAS
HAS FULLY RECOVERED
Gulf and Colorado Road Considers
the Strike Closed. .
GALVESTON, Tex., Dec. 12.— General
Manager Polk of the Gulf, Colorado and
Santa Fe Railroad announced that the
telegraphers' strike is closed - as - far as
the company is concerned.
"I have Just issued an order requiring
written applications for new positions, '
said he. "We have about filled all our
places and the road is going right ahead
with business. ,
He eaid that conditions generally iwere
much improved to-day on all lines or the
system, and that he had received appli
cations from the order to be reinstated 1 ;
He added that he diu not consider these
applications, nor would he reinstate: the
men as they had violated their contracts
and the company had dismissed them
from the service. i
WILL NOT TAKE MEN BACK.
A regular monthly meeting of tho Re
publican County Committee wan held last
r.ight. Alfred Bouvier, chairman, pre
sided. Topics connected with the recent
campaign were discussed. It was the
f^-rise of the meeting that advertising bills
incurred by the committee should be paid.
On motion of A. Uucf the chairman was
authorized to appoint a committee of five
to report on the matter at the noxt regu
lar rjT-'Ming. The fhnii appointed A. Ruof,
Z\l»\ GoMberr. J- *'¦ Zfllerhach. Thomas
Duff and T. H. McCarthy. Max Goldberg
declined to serve and Chairman Bouvier
was addf-d to the committee.
In the course of thf- discussion Mr. Ruef
affunK"! th;it the pro-sent County Commit
tee would hold office for another year.
A. F. Smith referred to the actipii of the
Bnai B'rith Hall Convention in'appoint
ing a r.^w County Committee and sug
gested that a committee of seven be ap
pointed to confer with a committee of
rqual number to be appointed by the
Kelly-Bergfrot faction. The suggestion
cMd not prove acceptable and no steps
w^re taken to bring the committees to
gether.
The committee adjourned to meet Jan
uary 8, 1901.
LOCAL REPUBLICANS
MEET TO PAY BILLS
County Committee, Alfred Bouvier
Chairman, Expects to Hold Of
fice for Another Year.
NEW YORK, Dec. 12.— By order of the
board of directors, Frank S. Hastings
of the Indianapolis Gas Company
of this city made formal announce
ment to-day that the directors had de
ferred action on the dividend for an in
delinite period, owing to what the di
rectors characterize as the "most extra
ordinary social conditions which prevail
at present in the city of Indianapolis."
The gas company accuses the citizens of
Indianapolis of stealing gas.
The Evening Post prints the following
statement of the directors of the com
pany to the stockholders:
"In spite of existing prohibitory statutes
a large percentage of our customers have
unlawfully increased their supply by the
practice known as 'boring out 1 their
mixers. Every effort has been made by
your managers to stop this unlawful
wastage, but although the best legal tal-.
ent has been employed, supported by in
disputable proofs, it has been found utter
ly impossible to secure a conviction, be
cause of the fact that this Illegal prac
tice haa been so generally Indulged in.
These violations of the law are not con
fined to the poor or vicious, but include
city and county buildings, city officials,
ministers of the gospel, lawyers, physi
cians, architects and sortie of the most
prominent residents and business houses
in the city of Indianapolis."
INDIAKAPOLIS, Dec. 12.— Concerning
the charge made by President Benedict of
the Indianapolis Gas Company at New
Ycrk, patrons of the company declare
they have Yiot stolen natural gas. There
has been no gas to steal. They say the
only reason for the charge Is the fact
that mixers have been bored, but even
this did not Increase the supply. Gas is
not sold by meter measurement in this
city. ;,r
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Prank Hastings Gives In
dianapolis Citizens a
Hard Name.
SAYS CONSUMERS
STEAL THE GAS
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, Dec. 12.— If the
wishes of high ranking officers in the
xnilippines are observed many important
changes will occur at the end of the pres
ent ary season; Several of the general
oiiicers are pressing to be ordered nome,
and it is expected that when the volun
teers are returned they will accompany
them. Major General MacArthur, trie
Governor General, a month ago was not
giving entire satisfaction and the depart
ment was compelled to send him a dis
patch criticising his conduct of mllita'iy
operations. As a result of this instruc
tion and the mobilization of American
troops,, engagements have not been as
frequent as during the summer, when
smalliJetachments were scattered about
the island and the casualty lists have con
sequently been smaller.
It is the general belief of well-informed
officers that General MacArthur and Gen
eral A. F. Bates will return to. the United
States within a few months and Major
General Chaffee, now in command at Pe
king, will be ordered to Manila as Gen
eial MacArthur'a successor. The with
drawal of so many> general officers from
the Philippines will cause vacancies which
must be tilled and has caused the Presi
dent to make a decision that chiefs of
staff bureaus having a military academy
eduction and experience In the field must
be made available for duty in command
of the troops in~ the Held. Paymaster
General Bates, undoY this decision, is the
only head of the staff department eligi
ble for assignment to field duty. Tlie
officers who are expected to return home
with the volunteers are Brigadier Gen
erals Grant and Funston. Brigadier Gen
erals Kobbe and Bell may also return.
H Is understood that numerous staff
changes In the Philippines will occur.
Ececlal Dispatch to The Call.
p- ir -
Important Changes to Be
Made at Close of Dry
Season.
CHAFFEE MAY GO
TO PHILIPPINES
Transfer of the Atalanta.
NEW YORK, Dec. 12.— Possession of
George Gould's steam yacht Atalanta. wa«
formally transferred to the Venezuelan
Consul General in this. city; to-day, when
Napoleon Bolet Peraz, - special' commis
sioner for his Glvemment, paid 1125,000 to
Mr. Gould's agents.
the State vote. Only four of the sixty
one counties cast a majority of votes for
Biyau. They were New York, Queen3,
Richmond und Schoharle. -
The Prohibition, Social Democratic and
Social I^abor parties have sufficient votes
to go on the next election ticket without
a petition.
Following are the totals for President :
McKinley. 821.932; Bryan, 678.SS6; Woolley,
22,043; Debs, 12,869; Maloney, 12,622. Mc-
Kinley's plurality, 143,60fi.
The plurality of Odell (R.) for Governor
was 111,126. *
But Four of the Sixty-One Counties
Give a Majority to
Bryan.
NEW YORK, Dec. 12.— The State Board
of Canvassers met to-day and canvassed
McKINXEY'S PLURALITY
IN STATE OF NipV YORK
UNITED AFTER
FORTY YEARS
Mrs. Greenleaf of Kansas
City Meels Her Half-
Breed Mother.
Special Dippatch to The Call.
KANSAS CITT, Mo., Dec. 12— In 1843
Colonel Amos Williamson kept a hotel at
Sacramento anil had as guests a Scotch
planter named Merrell, his Cherokee wife
and his half-breed Cherokee daughter.
Margaret. Color>el Williamson fell' In love
with the daughter, corresponded with her
for three years, and in 1S52 they were mar
ried In San Francisco. After a time Col
onel Williamson and his bride went to the
latter's former home at Fort Gibson, I. T..
where a daughter was born and named
Mary.
Colonel Williamson was so rabid a
Northerner that,' when the troublous
times preceding the war came on the
Cherokees, who were Southern sympa
thizers and many of them slaveholders,
drove him out of the territory. His wife's
sympathies were with her people, and she
refused to go with him, but he took the
daughter Mary. He went to Missouri,
where he raised a Union regiment. His
wife heard of this, and cast him off ab
solutely.
After the war both remarried, Mrs. "Will
iamson wedding J. T. Brackett, a miller at
Vlnlta. I. T. The daughter grew up in ig
norance of her mother, and married Will
iam E. Greenleaf, a Kansas City archi
tect. Recently Colonel Williamson died
and, according to the terms of his will
the daughter was then told the secret of
her birth. She immediately began a search
for her mother.and last week, through the
Dawee Indian commissioner, she located
her at Vlnita, where to-day mother and
daughter were reunited after forty-three
years' separation.
ENGLAND MAY BUY
SALVORA ISLAND
Owner Is a Spaniard and Personal Pa-
triotism May Prevent the
Transfer.
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyricht, 1900. by the Herald Pub
lishing Company.
LONDON. Dec. 12.— A newspaper here
claims to have received from Madrid of
ficial confirmation of the report that Great
Britain is _ negotiating to buy Saivora
Island, which lies off the coast of North
western Spain, for a coaling station. The
owner of "the island, a Spaniard, has been
offered $1,250,000 for the property Prime
Minister Azcarraga is quoted as saving
that the question of sale depends solelv
upon the patriotism of the owner
Passenger Eates Reduced.
: TACOMA, Dec. 12.— The Northern Ta
ciflc has decided to reduce passenger ra'tes
in Montana from four cents to three cents
per mile. The change will po into effect
shortly after New 1 ear's. The reduction
has been stubbornly fought by the" Great
Northern and Union Tacinc on the ground
that .the Union Pacific would 'be forced
to make.the sam>rate in Oregon. When
this reduction is made every State on the
line. of the Northern Pacific will have the
three-cent rate
"The Executive Council, after consult
ing the State President of the Orange
Free State, has decided, in the Interest
t.i our caiipe, to give a leave of absence
to our State President, with orders to go
immediately to Europe in order to assist
our deputation there in the work they
have before them. Vice President Schalk
iiurger has bee.n fmrn in according to
law, and is now acting as State President.
He is assisted by the State Secretary,
two rr.r mliers of the Executive Council,
Lucas Meyer and myself, and other offi
cials, so In short, our government exists
in the same way as before, and is now
in my immediate neighborhood and in
direct communication with me."
NEW YORK. Dec. 12.— A Journal spe
cial from Amsterdam Fays: General
Botha has issued a proclamation declar
ing that: "•Whereas. I have be«*n informed
that the enemy circulates all sorts of
wronjr and lying reports among the
burghers about the government and my
pel/. our officers and officials are charged
10 communicate the following informa
tion to the general public:
STEYN TO JOIN KRUGER.
farm is to be burned except for an act of
treachery, or when our troops are fired
en fr<">m the premises, or as punishment
for the breaking of the telegraph or rail
¦wi-y, cr when used as bases of operations
for raids, and then only with the direc
tion sent by the general officer command
ing. The mere fact that a burgher is ab
t-r-nt on commando is on no account to be
Used es a reason for burning houses. All
cattle, wapons and foodstuffs are to be
removed from all farms. If that is im
possible they are to be destroyed, wheth
rr the owner is rr p fnt or not.' "
In consequence of the cases of smallpox
which have occurred in this city" lately
the demand for vaccine' virus by physi
cians, to use in their private practice, ex-
Five hundred anarchists vociferously
applaudert last night at a meeting in be
lialf of the family of Bresci, the assassin,
when one of their speakers threatened the
life of President McKinley "should he at
tempt to interfere with free speech." The
speaker was Alexander ' Horr, who an
nounced his approval of assassination.
The anarchists met in Everett Hall, East
Fourth street. - They had obtained the
hall by a ruse, w r hich Harry Bimberg, the
proprietor, -resented last niffht.
Ella Goldman went to Bimberg and of
fered to hire the hall, alleging that it was
wanted for a meeting of the "Social
Science Club." .Bimberg did not recog
nize her and consented to accommodate
the club.
Vaccination for a Million.
had fled before the arrival of Sherman
and joined the refugees. Exposure and
hardship brought her to her death.
When Bins returned to his plantation he
found the ashes of his home, the graves
of his children and near them the grave
of his wife, whom faithful slaves had car
ried to the plantation and buried. Gen
eral Bins at once left and until Mr. Beck
er informed them his friends did not know
what had become of him. No one knows
how the old man came to his death.
Bally of the Anarchists.
ceeds all demands In previous years. The
corps of vaccinators sent out by the
Health Department has been Increased
and the scope of their labors widened.
After to-day they will visit the better
class of apartment houses and private
dwellings up town and satisfactory proof
must be presented to them that the neces
sary precaution has been taken. If it has
not they will take it themselves. It is
estimated that by the end of this week
more than 1,000.000 persons will have been
vaccinated in the borough of Manhattan
alone. These measures are not intended
to create alarm, but to allay it, and the
physicians of the Health Department as
sert with the utmost confidence that the
result of the present advice that all per
sons, young or old, submit to vaccination
will be made entirely manifest in three
or four weeks.
Californians in New York.
The following Californians are in New
Yoik: From San Francisco — W. H. Avcry
at Holland. J. Greene at Grand Union. F".
J. Webb; Misses Webb. G. Webb and wife
at Gllsey, G. Adams at Union Square. J.
F. Ames at Imperial, Miss J. B. Bangs at
St. Denis, A. Goldberp. F. II. Hunter at
Grand. A. L. Meyerstein at Hoffman, if J.
Scott at Holland, J. S. Spear Jr. at Her
ald Square, L. Stevens at Astor.
From Oakland— Miss F. Brown at Hoff
man. R. <j. Brown and wife. Mrs. L. B.
Kveretts at Holland.
From Pasadena— C. H. Coffin at St.
Denis.
JOHN ARMSTRONG CHANLER, WHO RECENTLY ESCAPED FROM AN
INSANE ASYLUM. THIS PICTURE IS MADE FROM A PENCIL
SKETCH BY HTS FORMER WIFE, "AMELIE RIVES."
BRENTWOOD, Dec. 12.— The residence of
Mrs. D. XV. Sanders was destroyed by nre
yffterday, presumably because of a defective
flue. I.OSS $2000, Insurance $750.
Dock Laborers Strike.
L151A, Peru, Dec. 12.— The dock laborers
at Callao have gone on strike and all
work has been stopped. As yet there has
been no breach of the pea'e.
EL DORADO. Kans.. Dec. 13.— The jury
In the Morrison case this afternoon pre
sented a communication to Judge Shlnn
that led to a whispered consultation be
tween the court and the attorneys on both
sides. Judge Shlnn again ordered the jury
to continue their deliberations. Neither
the court nor the attorneys would make
the contents of the communication public.
Jury Seeks Instructions.
TOPEKA. Kan., Dec. 12.— President Rip
ley of the Santa Fe arrived h*re to-night.
He will attend the stockholders' meet
ing to-morrow. Speaking of the teleg
raphers' strike, Mr. Ripley said there may
as well have been none, as it was ab
solutely without effect. That the strike
«a.« a failure, he said, was putting it
mildly.
"It is my opinion that the strike will
be adjusted within a, few days. Just
when, of course, I cannot say. I am con
fident that the Santa Fe operators will
win their fight. The men have the sym
pathy of the trainmen, and I know that
if there is any occasion for it they will
assist them. No, I do not propose to
order a national strike of the operators.
Why should I? The other men have no
grievances, and It will not assist the
Santa Fe strikers if the others do go out.
I cannot say whether or not the train
men will strike. That is a matter for
them to determine, and over which I have
no control. One of the greatest operators'
strikes this country has ever known was
the Canadian Pacific striker and it was
not adjusted until after eleven days of
hard work. The present strike is but
four days old, and we cannot accomplish
much In that time."
WICHITA. Kan., Dec. 12.— National
President Dolphin of the Order of Rail
way Telegraphers passed through here
en route to Topeka. With reference to
the Santa Fe strike he said:
About the Strike.
Presidents Dolphin and Ripley Talk
BOTH LEADERS CONFIDENT.
Continued From Page One.
DEWET ELUDES PURSUERS
Only recently he went to England to
plead" with his father that he might be
allowed to marry the woman he loved an-1
still receive the rabbi's benediction. H's
pleadings were in vain and Sydney re
turned to this country meditating th«
•i^ed which at last put an end to his
Borrow.
Mr. Samuels father is a rabbi in Eng
land. Hi? religion is of the m^st ortho
dox variety. lie forbade his son to mar
ry any but a Hebrew of most pronounced
religious views. Although nearly 4'> years
rid. Sydney, with that filial obedience
"haracteristic of hi? race, accepted his
father's command as a law which could
not be broken.
NEW YORK, Dec. 12.— Because obsta
,,^ s ¦which eeemed unsurmountable made
it impossible for him to marry the woman
he loved, Sydney Samuel cf New York,
London and the City of Mexico, shot anJ
killed himself in a. Portland, Me, hotel.
There are t capons for believing that dou
ble suicide had been agreed upon, and
tho.^c who are best acquainted with her
would noi be surprised to hear that Mme.
Anita Vivante Chartres had taken htr
life. Mme. Chartres, who is believed to
be in Italy, is well known in this city
as an authoress and playwright. Still a
very young woman, she is Known even
fretier* abroad than in this country. In
Home. London. Paris, Vienna and in St.
Petersburg the has many friends who ad
nnre her ffezdus.
Between Sydney Samuel and Mm._>.
Cbartres there existed a bond stronger
than friendship. For the other oach had
the highest admiration and neither madt
a. secret <>f that love. An unfounded
charge has been made that she hounded
him to i'.Ss death. He. on the contrary,
demanded her love and she gave it so
freely that for her to be away from him
meant torture for both.
At times thesL two agreed that it would
be better to never meet again. This
course was constantly urged upon them
bv relatives, and once they formally
sfgned what might be called separation
papers.
Sydney Samuel was a Hebrew. Mme.
rhartres was reared in the Roman Cath
olic faith. Either was willing to sacri
fice religious views for the other, but
even that was not sufficient.
S;>ecial Dispatch to The Oail.
Loved Mme. Chartres, but Was Pro
hibited From Marrying Her
Because of Religious
Differences.
Sydney Samuel Commits
Suicide in a Maine
Hotel.
DEATH THE END
OF HIS ROMANCE
The Peking correspondent of the Daily
Mail, wiring Tuesday and confirming the
repcxtB of the agreement as to tlie uni
versal note, says that a committee of rep •
rcsemiitives of the powers has been
chosen to regulate the conferences with
the Chinese plenipotentiaries.
BERLIN, I>ee. 12.— The Ixjkal Anzeiger
has <* special dispatch from Peking say-
Ins that fire has destroyed the quarters
of a rumter of officers about a thousand
paces iixm Count von Wsidersee's.
LONDON. Dec. 12.— The negotiations of
the powers in regard to the joint China
note were concluded (satisfactorily yes
terday, all agreeing to the conditions
identically as outlined by Count von Bu
low, the Imperial Chancellor of Germany,
November 19, with the exception of the
Introductory clause Faying the demands
are irrevocable, which is eliminated.
Count von Bulow, Imperial
Chancellor of Germany.
Conditions Identically Outlined by
After the Imperial Chancellor had
ppoken Herr lit-bel asked him whether
Kmperor 'William's message that he
"could not receive now" meant an abso
lute refusal or that he would receive Mr.
Kruger later. Count von Bulow did not
reply. ___^
POWERS ARE A<JREEI>
ON THE JOINT NOTE
Alluding then to Emperor "William's re
rent speech, he asked: "How does this
agree with that proud expression 'civis
Homanus sum?' " <I am a Roman citizen),
and he sarcastically contrasted the non
reception of Mr. Kruger with the recep
tion extended to Cecil Rhodes in Berlin.
Prior to Von Bulow's speech Dr. Hasse,
the Pan-German leader, sharply criticised
the failure of the Government for not re
ceiving Mr. Kruger. Admitting that .Ger
many could not adopt any other position
than strict neutrality, he thought the
Government should avoid the semblance
of breaking neutrality in favor of Eng
land. He referred to the services done
England by a German ship in South Af
rican waters, and complained further that
the manner of the refusal to see Mr.
Kruger had wounded German sentiment.
He added that the English thought they
could give Germany treatment different to
that extended to other nations claiming
that English officers had treated Germans
scandalously in South Africa, saying of
them, "They are only Germa"ris," whereas
they treated Frenchmen and even Greeks
well.
'"On the other hand, the Germans who
have been fighting side by side with the
Boers have not met with a happy lot.
They have be?n dismissed without pay
and told 'we did not Invite you.' "
"It has appeared to me that these ex
pulsions in many cases have been both un
justifiable as to cause and manner and
<ontrary to the principles of international
law, and an expression of this view haa
been made in London.
Baron von Richthofen, Secretary of
State for Foreign Affairs, referring to the
expulsion of Germans from the Transvaal
and Orange Free State territory, said:
"I commit no diplomatic indiscretion in
saying that the reception of that telegram
outside of Germany left no doubt that in
the event of a conflict in South Africa
Germany would have to rely solely on her
own strength."
Continuing, the Chancellor said the An
glo-German agreement of l&s did not con
tain a provision relating to war between
'Great Britain and the South African re
publics. The Vang-tse and Samoan treat
. ies had no secret clauses. When the Em
peror, in 1S96, sent the telegram to Mr.
Kruger. there was no question of war be
tween the states. It was a matter of a
filibustering expedition. The Emperor did
. not intend to determine German policy
forever by that Telegram. The Chancellor
added:
For the Emperor only German national
considerations were authoritative. If fam
ily relations or dynastic considerations in
tiuenced the foreign policy he would not
lemain Minister another day.
The Chancellor repudiated the sugges
lion that the Government's suggestion
was due to any wish from the English
court or from the Emperor to himself, the
chancellor.
The Cha-ncellor added: "We apprised him
courteously and considerately, through t^e
Paris embassy and Dr. Leyds, that the
Kmperor regretted that he was not in a
losrition to receive. Notwithstanding tnis.
Mr. Kruger was told again at Cologne,
in the most considerate terms, that the
Kmperor was not able to see him."
BERLIN, Dec. 12.— In the Reichstag to
day the Imperial Chancellor, Count von
Bulcw, referring to the complaints which
have arisen on account of Emporor Wil
liam's failure to receive Mr. Kruger, went
lengthily again Into the reasons for the
non-reception of Mr. Kruger. covering
new ground in a statement which he made
as to the relations between Germany and
Great Britain. He said that the an
nouncement that Mr. Kruger was coming
was made twenty-four, or at the most,
forty-eight hours before his leaving for
Berlin. Up to that hour it had been as
sumed that Mr. Kruger would go from
Paris to Holland.
Emperor William Could Hardly
Have Acted Other-
Says That Under Existing Conditions
Count von Bulow Refers to
Refusal to Receive
EXPLANATION OF
KAISER'S ACTION
LONDON", D«c. 12.— A special from Con
stantinople says: The Americans were the
only foreigners at the U'nner given at the
Yildiz* Palace Monday. The Sultan sat
between the Grand Vizief.and the United
States Charge d'Affalres, Mr. Griscom.
and showed unusual corditlity. His Maj
esty a display or excessive friendliness for
Captain colt>y M. Chester ->f the United
biates battleship Kentucky is attributed
to his desire to demonstrate that the visit
of the Kentucky to Smyrna has produce-1
no Irritation.
Some question has arisen in regard to
an alteration of the clause In the contract
for building a cruiser for Turkey In the
United States concerning the supply of
ammunition, but no importance is at
tached to It.
Captain Chester sailed for Smyrna to
day in order to rejoin the KentucKy. Prior
to his departure he thanked the authori
ties for hi* agreeable visit, of which, he
added, he will retain the most pleasant
memories.
Canadians Sail for Home.
The British steamer Lake Champl^lr,
which sailed hence this morning for Hali
fax, had on board Companies A. I? ar 1
I of the. Royal Canadian Kegiment. form
ing the contingent which has betn in
England for about a fortnight on its way
home from South Africa.
Railroad Formally Opened.
A Stockholm special says: The Orelro-
Krylbo railroad was formally opened to
day by Cro\rn Prince Gustaf.
Elevatsd to the Peerage.
Sir Michael Hicks-Beach, the Chancellor
of the Exchequer, and Sir Matthew White
Ridley, who was Home Secretary in th;
last Cabinet, have been elevated to the
peerage.
Are tha Only Foreigners
Entertained at the Yil
<Tz Palace.
..¦' : - ; i/i. \
"1 — ?
Turkey's Eultr Most Anxious to
Have It AppW That the Ken
tucky's Visit Fails to
Cause In-itation.
AMERICANS AT
SULTAN'S DINNER
NEW YORK, Dec. 12.-In spite of
the most careful search in all di
rections, no 1'prht is shed on the
mystery of the disappearance pi
John Armstrong Chanler from
Blooruingdale Asylum. It is believeil,
however, that he is still alive, notwith
standing the first impression that he had
met with foul play.
The missing man Is a son of John Win
throp Chanler, who died at Rokeby, his
country home, near Rhinebeck, in 1S77.
His mother was a Miss Ward, a grand
daughter of John Jacob Astor. Mr. Chan
ler is a graduate of Columbia, a lawyer
by profession, and x.;s interest in art led
him to found the "Paris Prize Fund,"
which provides an income of $DQO a year
for the tuition in Paris of its winner.
Mr. Chanler and Amelie Rives were
married at the height of her popularity
won by writing "The Quick or the Dead? '
The young New York lawyer, a scion of
one of the be^t families, met the impet
uous Virginia girl, who was still in her
teens, dui'4ng her first season at New
port. The' wooing was brief, and a wed
ding at Castle Hill lollowed on June 14,
1X85. Mr. and Mrs. Chanler went abroad
and remained for some time. Rumors
of disagreements, partings and reconcil
iations reached this country. Then Mr.
C\.anler went to Airica to shoot tigers
and elephants, while his wife remained
in Paris studying art.
It was announced in October, 1S95. that
a divorce had been granted on the ground
of incompatibility 01 temperament.
Pierre Troubetskoy, a Russian Prince,
arrived in this .country in 18i»6 and Amelie
Rives was married to him.
Mr. Chanler was in broken health, and
his wife's second marriage is said to have
preyed upon his mind, so that with anxie
ty and annoyance over business cares, to
which he was unaccustomed, his condition
became such that his friends had him
committed to Bloominfrdale.
Mr. Chanler's chief delusion is said to bo
that he is a great personage, with power
and influence, and that other great men
are jealous of him and are conspirinp to
kill him. One of his hallucinations for a
time was that he was a sort of Dr. Jekyll
and Mr. Hyde. He has been examined
by Dr. Carlos MacDonald and others, who
have diagnosed his case as incurable, lie
has an income of about ?30,000 a year
and is 40 years old.
Death of Brigadier Bins.
The body of Confederate Brigadier Gen
eral Herman Bins has been found in
Black Swamp, four miles from Morris
town, N. J. He was known as the hermit
of Wanong Mountain. For thirty-five
years Bins had lived a solitary life on the
side of Succassunna Mountain. He had
little to do with any one and his retreat
was far removed from the nearest house.
His cabin was found in ashes by those
who went to it after the body had been
identified. Bins made his appearance on
the mountain in 1S65. When he first came
he wore a gray uniform and on it were
the stars of a brigadier general.-
Ten years after Bins settled on the
mountain his life story came out through
no fault of hi?. William Becker, a vet
eran of the Union army,- who had occa
sion to visit Atlanta in 1S75, commenced
an investigation and foand from the Con
federate records that Herman Bins had
enlisted as a minor officer soon after Sum
ter was fired upon. He rose rapidly and
at »the close of the war had the rank of
brigadier. At the outbreak of the war
Bins was a well-to-do planter' in Middle
Georgia. While he was in the army hb
two children died. When Sherman march
ed to the sea, cutting a gap through Geor
gia and leaving desolation behind, Bins'
home was one of the places of which
nothing remained but ashes. Mrs. Bins
Special Disratch to The Call.
Believed, However, to
Be in Land of
Living.
Strange Hallucination
.of the Demented
Millionaire.
JOHN ARMSTRONG CHANLER STILL
A REFUGEE FROM THE BLOOMINGDALE
ASYLUM, AND CANNOT BE LOCATED
THE SAN FBANCISGO CALL, THURSDAY., DECEMBER 13, 1900.
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
COLDS jf2^s||GRIPPE
coughsKm^croup
soRi-lmmpohm
[ I MRS. OES. LONQSTREET I
I I Says: "Besides being a 1
I I good tonic Peruna Is an eU I
I | fectlve cure tor catarrh. I 1
I 1 recommend your remedy, |
8 1 Peruna.*' y
JAMES R. T. MERSHON", 1
537-538-539 PARROTT BUILDING,
San Francisco,
Dealer in legitimate oil stocks only.
Correspondence solicited. Write for
one of our illustrated books of tha
oil fields of California. Free.
STATEMENT
OF THE— —
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OB* THE
FsrPHistsi'^ Fund
IB yillCIil O I UIIU
INSURANCE COMPANY.
OF SAN* FRAXCISCO, IX THE STATE OT
California, on the 31st day of ]>ceaiher,
I A. D. 18:k>. and for the year endlnjr on that I
! day. as made- to the Insurance Commissioner '
! of the State of California, pursuant to the.
: prov's-ions of sections 610 and «U of the Polltl-
ral Oxle. condensed »a per blank furniihed by
the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash Sl.000.eOrt 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company $431,700 M
Leans on Bonds and Mortgages 422,731 79
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 2.113,040 09
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks and other market-
able securities a« collateral 133, (W 00
Cash in Company's Office W,5t3 IS
Cash In Banks 1S3.330 3J
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans -1.170 1*
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgage* 15.0S5 44
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 384.824 07
¦Warrants 1.454 •-'0
IHie from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid... 7,137 63
Total Assets .' $3.797.M2 S3
L.IABITJTTE3.
Looses adjusted and unpaio. 130,025 45
Lrs«ses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 137.S«4 72
Losses resisted, including expenses... 3.775 CO
Gross premiums on Klre Risks run-
ning one year or less. $9^,154 44; re-
Insurance 50 per cent 434,577 ZS
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, 11,356.-
02>*. SI; reinsurance pro rata 713.08130
Gross premiums on Martne Tlm»
Risks, S ; reinsurance 50 per
c?nt U3.1M67
Total Liabilities ..J1.4S3.309 35
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $1,415.3:3 00
Net cash actually received for Ma-
rine premiums 133.607 04
Receive*! for Interest on Bonds and
Morts»ses .-. CM »
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and from
all other sources 1VS.1S9 n
Received for Rents 13.437 83
Received for profit on sale of securi-
ties 1.183 80
Total Incoms «.OT.»« »
EXPEXTHTCRES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (ln-
cludlne * losses of previous
i years> IS54.375 03
Net amount paid for Marine Lomm
(Including $ losses of pre-
1 vtws years .: HZ'SK J2
Dividends to Stockholders 120.00ft 00
1 Paid or allowed for Commission or •
Brokerage 239.40« 35
Paid for Salaries, Fe«s. and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.. CS.43. 40
Paid for State. National and Local
! Taxes •» . * • • 40
All othe'r"p»ym#nts and «xpendl-
ture» 206.183 83
Total Exsendltures .P.040,833 V
Losses Incurred durlnr th« year *M a 'rt" <> 33
Losses Incurred during the year tt73.027 ia
Risks and Premiums. J Fire Risks. Premiums.
I Net amount cf Risks!
i .\vt amount of Ri.ks
£ar red ... d . Uri . ng "" ' ««.«•.» J1.W3.475U;.
v*t amount In fore* - ¦ »-
December SI. 1S39 1 1137.271,067 t3.355.181 35 :
Risks and Premiums. Mar. Risks. Premiums.
Xet amount of Risks
written during the
year ViVV * 1OT - 281 - 1S3 W35.7M n
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year HM.031.294 *SM.S30 W
, Net amount In force
December 31. 1S99 M.S«t.*0S J1S1.519 n *
AVM. J. DUTTON. PreiT ~~ ':'
BERNARD FATMONVILLE, Secy.
Subscribed and i*orn to before me thii His
i day of January. 1900. . . — « »•«»
M. M. RHORKR,
Xteputy Insurance Conunisstoaw,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I GIVE A I
LIBRARY I
I WELSBACH I
I LAMP I
j With Gas-Saving Regulator |5
\ Bf No Oil, No Wick, No Trouble. j|A
Ijt Beautiful Effect. 9|k
f 83ft% Saved in Cost of Lighting £§
iln Antique and IX
Modern 'Eroni^, &
Hand-Decorated Shades $1
To Match i|5
fAsk for fA
S New Year Calendar C& .
; Book Marker. |0
Welsbach Co. »[
1|d 138 Ellis St. W
£«£v Open Evenings Du.-in. HrlMav- fTi
Oil. MEYERS A CO «J@i%
Specialists. Disease §§pgr~ *D
and weakness ot 3pl& _J[
nien. Established rjs&f *i%&&a!}\
lShl. Consultation $»«
ami private book \" ii I » i j
Xree, at ofllce or by wSWa
mail. Cures guar- nM\^Si%pSB*
anteed. 731 -Mar- RSmiElfiKw
l:et street teievator >. *&££&$$$
entrance). San _*3k"V ifl\!9ae?5s3L.
Francisco.At that instant there was a blinding
flash, almost In his face and a ballet cut
through the screen, seared his waistcoat
across the abdomen and tore through his
coat. lodging in the wall of the dining
room. The shot was fired from the steps,
not more than three feet from the Judge.
Judge Austin closed and locked tho
door, got his revolver and extinguished
the light. Thsn he started out to inves
tigate, but could find no trace of the
would-be assassin.
Judge Austin says he cannot imagine
who fired the shot, as he has no enemies
that he knows of. The police are of the
opinion that the shot was fired by a bur
glar, •who was attempting to force an en
trance into the house.
ENDS THE FIGHT FOB
COBRE GRANDE MINES
Settlement Effected by tlio Two Fac
tions That Sought to Control
the Pfoperty.
PHOEXIX. Dec. 12.— The two factions of
the Cobre Grande Mining Company ended
their conference here to-day with* a com
plete adjustment of the difficulty which
for two years has occupied tho time of the
Supreme and lower courts of Arizona,
Mexico and Texas. The exact terms of
the settlement are secret, but It is known
that the faction headed by W. C. Greene
will take up all the stock at the par value
cf 52 50 por share The agreement includes
H2.000 shares, but there are more shares
and it if understood that these will be
taken up at the fame figure. The decision
will stop many cases pending in the high
er courts and relieve the strained situation
at the mines at Cananea. Mexico, which
has fcr enrne tiire required Mexican,
troops to prevent bloodshed between the
disputants over the popsesrlon of tho
property.
CARING FOR. THE WAIFS.
Year's "Work of the California Home-
Finding Society.
SAX JOSE. Dec. 12.— The annual meet-
Ing of the Children's Home Finding fio
ciety of California was held to-day. The
report of the superintendent showed that
sixty-nine children had been received and
registered and ninety-two placed. Cash,
rtcelved and expended, $CS65 85.
The old board of managers was re
elected. With the completion of the re
ceiving home at Berkeley the society
will come Into a valuable piece of prop
erty.
GUILTY OF MISCONDUCT.
Charges Against a County Hospital
Official Sustained.
STOCKTON, Dec. 12.-The Board of
Supervisors this afternoon sustained the
charges of Mrs. M. C. Buckley, ex-mat
ron of the County Hospital, against O. J.
Hemphill. assistant superintendent of that
institution. He was found guilty of mis
conduct in frequenting the female ward.
His position was declared abolished. The
board also held that Dr. Harkness, the
superintendent, «hould reside at the hos
pital. ¦
"GAP" ALMOST CLOSED.
Bridge Workers Complete the Great
Viaduct at Gaviota.
SANTA BARBARA. Dec 12.— Only 750
feet now remain of the "gap" on the coast
route of the Southern Pacific, between this
city and San Francisco. To-day th©
bridge workers completed their work at
the great viaduct at Gaviota. and the
track has been laid a mile this side, bring
ing the rails as far as Alcatraz bridge,
which alone remains unfinished of all the
work along the line.
Fails to Get Damages.
SAN RAFAEL, Dec. 12.— The case of
Charles L. Davis vs. Charles J. Dowd oc
cupied the Superior Court to-day. Dowd
Is a liveryman at Mili Valley and it was
one of his rigs that was overturned dur
ing a trip down the mountain while the
plaintiff was a passenger. Davis sued for
tiiWQ damages, as his arm was broken and
he was otherwise bruised. The Jury, after
five minutes' deliberation, rendered a ver
dict for the defendant.
Great Tunnel Completed.
SEATTLE. Dec. 12.— The Hrst train w'll
be run through the Great Northern tun-
Hel In the Cascade Mountains next Sun
day. This will be the rinish of one of the
most stupendous railrcad engineering
feats ever attempted in this country The
tunnel Is 13,200 feot long and th© thick
ness of the roof at the thickest place Is
&3W feet.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Admiral Bickford Takes Command.
VANCOUVER. Dec. 12.-Rear Admiral
Edward Kennedy Bickford. C. M. G.. ar
rived here from England to-day to' as
sume command of the Xorth Paci'lc
squadron succeeding A-lmiral Beaumont
who has been transferred to the command
of the South Pacific squadron and is now
In Australian waters.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived Dec 12— Stmr at
Loots, from New York.
OCEAN STEAMER.
Special Dispatch to Tne CalL
ASSASSIN FIRES UPON POLICE
JUDGE AUSTIN OF LOS ANGELES
SAJTTA EOSA SUING FOB.
POSSESSION OF A SPRING
Commences Condemnation Proceed-
ing-s Agrainst the Fountain
Water Company.
SANTA ROSA, Dec 12.— Condemnation
j-tk- endings brought by the city ot Senta
R^Fa axrainst the Fountain Water Com
pany fcr possession of Peters Spring
wore commenced in Judge Dougherty's
derartment of the Superior Court to-day.
The purpose of the action is to get pos
fotsion of a eprlng held by th© Fountain
Water Company, -which is a corporation
cf n;pored of the same stockholders as the
Santa Ri?a Water Company. The city's
water supply is not satisfactory at pres
rrit. so the municipality brought this suit
w he 11 the water company refused to sell
the spring. _
It Is alleged by the city that the water
cf the spring h.is never been dedicated to
ary public purpose end that it Is neces
fary t<"> have the spring as an addition to
thf water supply, there being no other
available supply to he obtained near by
at a reasonable, expense. The day was
consumed In the pwearinsr in of a Jury.
Innovation That May Be Tried at the
Glen Ellen Home.
PETHOLZUM FOB, FXJEL.
FONOMA, Dec. ::'.-For some time past
the directors of the California Home for
the Care and Training of Feeble Minded
Children at Glea Ellen have been investi
e&'Jr.g the advisability of substituting
crude petroleum buiuera fcr the furnaces
at that Institution. At present the fuel
1 ?il amount! to about S43 a day, and the
monthly average is 5C00. It i.« believed
this c-iin be rctluced about U) per cent by
Lh« proposed change and ¦will mean a.
fr»-. it raving to the taxpayers as well as
r.-f-atinK a consumption for the California
petroleum.
Hon. Robert A. Poppe. one of the di
rectors, who was appointed to investigate
and report, will in a few days go to
Stockton and other places to see the
practical workings of this new fuel.
LAKEVIEW STAGE SOBBED.
Lone Higliu-ayxnan Ransacks Two
Sacks of Mail.
I-AKEVIEV,', Or.. I>ec. 12.— The I.,ake
rtew and Aser stage was robbed last
night at 8 o'clock about two miles from
th's city. A lone highwayman accom
plished the task. No passengers were
aboard the stage. Two mall sacks were
rifled and a considerable amount cf reg
istered mail taken.
Sues the Associated Charities.
EA-VTA BARBARA. Dec 12.— Mrs. Kate
B. Remington of Stockton has brought
EUlt against Mrs. T. D. Gilman, local sec
retary o* tk* Associated Charities, to re
cover goods valued at 52CO and $25 dani
jaeres. Plaintiff claims that defendant
wrongfully came into possession of the
poods last October. The articles In ques
tion are a sewing machine and household
<-ff<?cte. The defense expects to make a
oounte" charsre for freight and storage.
The trouble be^an several months ago
r.r.d the coods have been at the Associ
ated Charities rooms awaiting a settle
ment. •
Native Daughters Elect Officers.
WOODLAND, Dec !!— Woodland Par
lor N*o. 90. Native Daughters of the Gold
en West has elected the following officers
for the "ensuing term: Miss Nora An
drewi president; Miss Kate Simmons,
t;rst vice president; MI?s Lulu Shelton,
"'-cond vice president: Mi«s Hattie Leo.
'. hird vice president; Miss Margaret
Smith, recording secretary; Miss Elsie
<5rccn, financial secretary: Mrs, Mary
Mr Griff, marshal; Misses Mae Cummins
end ESrdie Morris and Mrs. Sadie Clem-
Held for Attempted Murder.
RAN ANDREAS, Doc. 12. -Michael Ma
l"id was arraigned before Judge Cooley In
Angels Camp to-day and h«-ld under $3000
boad* to appear in the Superior Court
'or the attempted murder of Steve Bus
folovich. In a quarrel on election day
ilfcgud shot and sc-riously wounded Bus
to!o\ich. Magud also resisted arrest and
• ndeavorod to murder an officer. These
two men are the leaders of rival factions
¦ •¦•roor.g the Austrians here and more
Woodland's Delegates.
WOODLAND, Dec. 12.— M. Dlggs. I* D.
Btepben*. T. B. Gibson. XV. G. Craig.- T.
": Spaulding. E. P. Huston arid C. XV.
-"fjomas have been appointed delegates
* r > the convention of the Watcr'and For
•«t Association to be held In San Fran
cisco on Thursday, Friday and Saturday
ef tfa^ week.
ELECT A MAN NOT
NAMED ON TICKET
One "Unusual Feature Marks a Deni-
of Astoria.
ocratic Victory in the City
ASTORIA. Or., Dec. 12.— In the munici
pal election to-day the Democrats elected
every candidate, as follows: Police Com
missioner, O. O. Moen; City Attorney, A.
M. Smith; Coyncllmen. First ward. j. H.
Hansen; Second ward, C. C. Utzinger:
Third ward. Fred E. Wright.
A notable feature of the election was
the victory of G. O. Moen. Some time ago
he was appointed Police Commissioner to
fill the vacancy caused by the death of
Commissioner Scheive. A* question arose
as to whether Moen could hold until the
expiration of Scheive's term in 1904 or un
til this election. The Republicans took
the ground that a commissioner would
have to be elected, and accordingly nomi
nated D. H. Welch. Moen was not nomi
nated, but his friends started his candi
dacy, and. although his name did not ap
pear on the ballot, succeedeed In electing
him by a rousing majority. This is be
lieved to be the only case on record on
this coast where an unnominated candi
date has been elected. Moen receivd three
votes to Welch's one.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Dec.
12. — It was announced from the
president's office to-day that Dr.
Frank A. Fetter, professor of
economics, would 'return from
the East and take up his work here In
January. Professor Fetter was granted a
year's leave of absence commencing with
last September. He wa3 spending the
time in the large Eastern cities studying
the economic conditions ,of the masses.
His recall at the middle of the college
year was necessitated by the vacancy
created in the department by the resigna
tion of Dr. Ros3. Professor Fetter will be
head of the department of economics in
the future.
MISSOURI BANKER'S
SON FALLS VICTIM TO
MORPHINE POISONING
John H. Hughes Comes to California
in Quest of Health and
Meets Death at Sac
ramento.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
SACRAMENTO, Dec 12.— John H.
Hughes, son of a wealthy hanker of Rich
mond. Mo., died at the Western Hotel at
S o'clock this morning after a few hours'
Illness, from some narcotic poison, prob
ably morphine. It was at first thought
Hughes was a victim of "knockout
drops," but it is now believed he acci
dentally took an overdose of morphine.
Hughes and a friend, C. B. Ellis, also ot
Richmond, Mo., left their home on Fri
day last, intending to spend the winter
at Bartlett Springs, Hughes being 111 of
kidney disease. They went to San Fran
cisco and Btopped there a couple of days,
buying a couple of hundred dollars' ¦worth
of supplies, which they had shipped to
the Springs. Yesterday they started for
the Springs on the 4 o'clock train from
San Francisco. Hughes became 111 and at
Sacramento was taken to a hotel and a
physician called. He was practically un
conscious when the physician arrived and
was not aroused from his stupor' up to
the time of his death. The body was
taken to the Coroner's. Hughes' money,
about $1500 In drafts, was Intact.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, Dec. 12.— The strike of the
linemen employed by the telephone com
pany came to a peaceful termination to
day, a compromise being effected between
the men and the company. As a result
the former foreman will begin work again
to-morrow and the other strikers will fol
low as soon as ths foreman has mapped
out plans for repairs and similar improve
ments.
The strike was compromised on the
basis of the linemen receiving |2 75 for a
day's work of nine hours, with time and
a half for overtime. Both parties made
concessions.
The trouble between the linemen and
the company commenced about a month
ago. The men were then receiving $2 50
a day for ten hours and for overtime re
ceived wages at the same rate. They de
manded $3 a day for eight hours' work,
with time and a half for overtime. The
company and linemen held out against
one another until it was seen that it was
to their mutual benefit to compromise.
Both the Company and the Men Make
Concessions and Old Employes
Will Return to Their
Places.
LINEMEN'S STRIKE
AT SEATTLE ENDS
IN A COMPROMISE
Dr. Fetter is one of the leading po
litical economists of the country. He was
a student at the University of Indiana un
der President Jordan before the latter left
there to become president of Stanford,
and took the degree of A. B. there In
1&91. After taking the degree of Ph. D.
at Cornell University he spent some time
In study in Europe and returned from
there with high honors to enter the fac
ulty of Cornell University. He remained
there one year and left to accept the
chair of economics at Indiana, where he
remained until he entered the Stanford
faculty. He is a brilliant scholar, a pol
ished speaker and debater, having won
both Intercollegiate ?nd Interstate debat
ing championships while an undergradu
ate student at Indiana.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Special Dispatch to The CfelL
VICTORIA, Dec 12.-Details were re
ceived by R. M. S. Empress of India of
tne great typhoon which ravaged Honc
kor.g on November 10, causing heavy less
cf life and immense damage to shipping.
No part cf the city escaped. Wreckage
and debris were Etrewr everywhere after
the gale; the British wnboat Sandpiper
had foundered and or.t of her seamen
lest his life; the American ship Uenja
mln Sewell had gone ashore; in all seven
ty-seven launches had been wrecked and
more than I50Q natives drowned. At Kow
loon and other points there was heavy
loss of life, and when the dread totals
cf the death harvest were in It was found
ttat thousands had been killed. The big
i-mpress of India was moored at her
w.iari .^at Kowloon and she was badly
shaken. The typhoon is said to have been
the worst since the disastrous one of 187*.
when the loss of life was tremendous.
Shipping suffered even more than tha
nouses, thousands cf which were razed.
Junks and launches were driven ashore
on all sides. From tee police pier at Tsim-
Tsat-Teui up to JIocg-Kog-Tsul was one
mass of wreckage, launches, lighters,
junks and sampans having been ua=ho-i
ashore and knocked into matchwood. The
Hongkong Telegraph says the loss of life
there must have been appalling, it being
impossible to estimate the number of the
dead.
Among the gallant Europeans whose
lives ¦were lost was Sergeant Duncan of
the police, •who was crushed to death in
the wreckage while saving life.
When the gale was at Its height ths
British warships anchored at Kowloon
were in a grievous plight. The gunboats
Wivern. Firebrand. Tweed and Sandpiper
w#»re dragging their anchors and it
5<">med that on» and all must drift a6hore,
when the crews would have a poor
chance for safety, especially when it is
remembered that for pome fifty yards
from the «=hore the water was strewn with
a grinding, churning ma=.« of wreckage.
The jracsrir.g vessels fired distress signal3
r. nd one or two flew their pennants at
half mast. The gunboat Sandpiper wai
rapidly filling and could not have floated
for many minute?, when, creeping out of
the spume and spindrift from Hongkong
way, cam*» H. M. 8. Otter. She was roll
ins gunwale under, shipping big green
Feas continually, as she threaded her way
through the cluster of ships and wreck
arc and wont to the rescue of the- Sand
riprr. whose crew Fhe saved with the
exception cf one man.
A dredger which cost £40.000 foundered
and one Eisropean was drowned, fifty be
ing rppcupd after a night spent on the
upturned hnlL
Wreckage Strews the Beach for Miles
and Numbers of Dwellings Are
leveled by the Terrible
Storm.
MANY VESSELS CRASH ASHORE
THOUSANDS OF
LIVES GO OUT
IN A TYPHOON
Death Reaps Dread Harvest
During a Gale at
Hongkong.
Epedsl Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 12.— Torture with blaz
ing matches until the flesh of his face was
blistered was the deviltry perpetrated
upon little Alfred Kern, a 10-year-old boy,
by a gang of young hoodlums on the
banks of Guadalupe Creek, in the north
ern part of the city, yesterday.
The child, who is the son of Alfred Kern,
the baggage master ar the Southern Pa
cific depot, left his home on Julian street
yesterday afternoon to lake a younger
brother to a near-by kindergarten. On the
way back from the kindergarten he met
Lecnard Hal wick, a white boy aged 13;
Prince Godfred, a negro aged 15; and an
unknown boy about 16 years old. Kern,
who is very small for his age. was en
ticed intc a vacant lot on Julian street,
rear the creek, by th'e boys to play. After
a few minutes of rough play the negro
ea.u?ht him by the •¦aist and threw him.
down. TtLe other two boys then held him.
while Godfred lighted sulphur matches
ar.J held them close to the child's face.
The boy screamed with pain and begged
to be allowed to go. but the three lada
gleefully continued the torture until he
was almost insensible from pain and
fright.
The young hoodlums declared their in
tention to burn the child to death at the
stake. Not until his cries -were heard by
passers-by did they desist.
Godfred and Halwlck were arrested on
charges of cruelty to-day, but the lat
ter was subsequently released. Godfred
has been held ?n $50) bonds and probably
will be sent to the Reform School.
Little Victim Is Almost Insensible
When Passers-by Hear His
Screams and Put an End
to the Cruelty.
LAUGH AS HE .WRITHES IN PAIN
Apply Burning Matches to
the Face of a San
, Jose ..Child.
YOUNG FIENDS
TORTURE A LAD
WITH FLAMES
Special Dispatch to The Call.
URIAH, Dec. 12.— Otto H. Mohr, claim
ing to be a San Franciscan of some liter
ary note, is an inmate of the Uklah Jail.
Mohr was captured after a long search in
San Francisco and brought back to this
city yesterday. The charge upon which
he is held is that of "beating" a board
bill, but numerous business men and lead
ers in Ukiah society are mourning over
the intimate and expensive acquaintance
they cultivated with the young man. The
amounts of which he defrauded gullible
Uklah citizens aggregate a considerable
eum.
About October 1 there came to Uklah a
young man of rather striking presence,
who introduced himself as from San Fran
cisco, and claimed to be a member of the
staff of Leslie's Magazine. He repre
sented that he had just been on to New
York for consultation with the proprietor
of the Leslie publications. His specialty
was writing short stories, in which line
he had been very successful, starting first
with Munsey, and afterward going over
to Leslie's on a largely increased salary.
He was a graduate of Heldelburg Univer
sity In Germany, In proof of which he
showed a large silver medal. His true
name was Otto H. Mohr, but for pen pur
poses he had changed it, and was known
in the literary world as M. Helmlt Otto,
lie was a personal friend and chum of
Mr. Dunne, of "Mr. Dooley" fame. He
was the translator of "Sapho," and by
that work he had achieved much literary
celebrity. At the time of his arrival here,
according to his story, he was writing a
novel which was to mark a new era In the
history of fiction, and was in search of a
secluded place, undisturbed by the rush
and roar of metropolitan life, •where he
could quietly de\£>te himself to the com
pletion of this work, varying the monot
ony by turning out short stories for Les
lie's.
Mohr put up at the Palace Hotel, en
gaging a suite of the best rooms. Through
his suavity of manner and honesty of
mien he was soon persona grata with
some of the best families of the town, and
his dark, rolling eye is said to have cap
tivated more than one fair damsel. To
some he said that he had a wife in San
Francisco, but with the fair sex he posed
as an eligible single man.
Everything went along very smoothly
for Hi Helmtt Otto until a. famine struck
his purse. Then he began borrowing. His
various medals, his alleged credentials
from Leslie's and hla "smooth" talk suf
ficed to inspire confidence in the minds of
many, and his requests for temporary
loans were granted. Finally, about No
vember 15, he informed his landlord that
he was going f» San Francisco for a brief
visit and to get some drafts cashed, after
which he would return.
He went, but he did not return. "Weary
of 'waiting, the landlord, O. E. "tt'illiams,
procured a warrant for his arrest for
"Jumping" a board bill. Deputy Sheriff
W. F. Ornbaun went down to the dry.
but failed to find his man. A few days
later he tried it again, and yesterday af
ternoon he arrived in Uklah with Mohr in
charge. The deputy found him in Golden
Gate Park, and when he attempted to
serve the warrant Mohr grabbed it and
tore it in two. The deputy knocked him
down, and. after a severe tussle in which
.both rolled on the ground, succeeded in
handcuffing him.
Deputy Ornbaun first got upon the trail
of Otto by shadowing a married woman
Jn San Francisco who had been receiving
letters from him while he was here. Otto
is now playing "seven up!' with the pris
oners in Jrill. and awaiting a "remittance"
before making his plea.
Alleged Literary Genius Must Face
an Angry Landlord and Acquain
tances Who Loaned
Him Money.
TALE OF AN UNPAID BOARD BILL
Mendocino Deputy Arrests
Otto H. MohrinSan
Francisco.
GOES BACK TO
UKIAH IN CARE
OF AN OFFICER
DR. FETTER CHOSEN AS
DR. ROSS' SUCCESSOR AT
STANFORD UNIVERSITY
Recalled From His Year's Leave of Ab
sence at the East to Be Installed as
Head of the Department of Economics.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 13, 1900.,
DR. FRANK A. FETTER, WHO HAS BEEN RECALLED FROM LEAVE
OF ABSENCE TO SUCCEED DR. ROSS AS HEAD OF THE ECONO
MICS DEPARTMENT AT STANFORD.
POLICE MAY STOP
GANS-McGOVERN FIGHT
Warrants to Be Served on Principals
and Promoters of the Exhibi
tion at Chicago.
CHICAGO. Dec. 12.— Warrants will be
served at .the ringside in Tattersall's to
morrow evening on the principals and pro
moters of the McGovern-Gans flght. Cap
tain Hayes of the Thirty-fifth-street sta
tion says McGovern and Gans will be ar
rested and charged with disturbance of
the peace. B. H. Winton, agent of the
building; Lou Houseman, match maker,
and Sam Harris, manager of McGovern.
will be arrested on charges of carrying
on a boxing exhibition.
"The warrants are in my hands and
must be served," said Captain Hayes this
evening. "It would be foolish of me to
chase after those who are named in the
warrants until Thursday night, when
they are altogether. I am going to give
the papers to some of my men Just before
the fighters go Into the ring. gvery
tighter and the promoters of the exhi
bition will be put under arrest. I am told
that they Intend to have a Justice of the
Pearce present to either hear the charges
Immediately or sign bonds for their ap
pearance in court. Then the flght could
go on unless more warrants were served.
"Of course if those interested do not
have a Justice of the Peace present.
Houseman and the fighters will certainly
be locked up."
ANGKLO-POUTTJGUESE ,
AGBEEMENT BEACHED
< ¦•.: ."¦ ;¦;: ¦':•>¦¦•-•¦•./•¦ ¦¦ ¦ ¦¦.¦.;..•- -,;^:
Assents • to the Formation of a Com
pany to Extend the Harbor at
Lorenzo Marques.
BERLTN. Dec. 12.— The Neueste Nach
richten says it learns a new Anglo-Portu
guese agreement has been made under the
terms of which Portugal gives Great
Britain a free hand in settling the ques
tion concerning the Netherlands railway.
It consents to the principle of Great Brit
ain administering the Portuguese section
of that railway, and also assents to the
formation of a new Anglo-Portu
guese company for a considerable exten
sion of the harbor at Lorenzo Marques.
The company will be empowered to raise
harbor dues on an agreed scale, paying
15 per cent thereof to Portugal, which ac
cordingly will not levy transit dues on
goods consigned to the Transvaal.
The paper gives details of two exist
ing German harbor extension schemes
which some time ago were deferred at
Portugal's instance, owing to Great Brit
ain's protest in virtue of her pre-emption
rights at Lorenzo Marques, but the Ger
man concessions were confirmed in 1899
by Portugal and ; ; Great Britain. If the
new agreement does not Infringe on these
concessions: Germany will have no
grounds for protesting against the new
harbor extension scheme.
PHOENIX. Dec. 12.— James Bonthron. a
stag* employe at the opera house, was in
stantly killed to-night by picking up a live
electric wire. The accident occurred dur
ing a farce performance given by the
Elks. ,- . v
Picks Up a Live "Wire.
SEEKS RELEASE FROM
NAPAi INSANE ASYLUM
Habeas Corpus Proceedings Brought
to Give W. H. Lambert
Freedom.
XAPA. Dec. 12.— "YV. H. Lambert, a»pa
tient at the Kapa State Hospital for the
Insane, is seeking to gain his freedom.
On Tuesday his brother, J. W. Lambert
of "Woodland, filed a petition in the Supe
rior Court here for a writ of habeas cor
pus against Dr. A. M. Gardner, medical
superintendent of the asylum. He claims
"\V. H. Lambert is restrained of his liberty
and that he is not Insane.
Judge Ham granted the writ and made
it returnable on January 3.
This Is a similar action to the celebrated
Hugh Buchanan case. Lambert was com
mitted from Solano county.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 12.— Police Judge
A. C. Austin was flred upon by an un
known man at the door of his residence
to-night and escaped death only because
Tie changed his position just as the
weapon was flred. The bullet. Instead of
speeding Into h'.s vitals, grazed his waist
coat and cut a hole through his coat.
Judge Austin resides at 311S Figueroa
street, in a handsome dwelling. At pres
ent his family is visiting- in Sierra Madre
and the Judge is the only ocupant of the
house. Judge Austin, who is well along
in years, was fitting in the dining room
reading shortly after 8 o'clock, with his
back to a side dcor. openinp into the yard.
Besides the ordinary door there is a
screen door on the outside, and the
Judge's attention was arrested by a sound
as of somebody working at the screen
door. He had heard no sound of footsteps
on the steps leadinp to the door, but when
there came a distinct tap on the screen
Judge Austin partly opened the inner door
and demanded to know who was there.
Receiving no reply, he opened the door
wider, fully exposing himself, and at the
same time half turning so that he stood
sideways in the aperture.
3
DO NOT FORGET THAT
This year's Christmas edition of The Call will be a gem. It is
safe to predict that it will surpass the effort of any other paper in the
United States. The matter has been selected with the greatest care for
its literary excellence and only the best work of well-known authors has
been accepted to fill the fiction portion of this mammoth edition. There
will be plenty of interesting matter, besides good shcrt stories — but just
listen to a few of the names of our contributors. In the first place, then
is Pauline Bradford Mackie, whose book, "A Georgian Actress," was
justly considered by the critics to be one of the books of the season. She
¦writes a charming love story of the x early pilgrim days. Justin McCar-
thy gives an interesting Christmas sketch entitled "His Ideal Christ-
mas." General Charles* King has written his best short story
in "A Shot in Time." John Strange Winter is tlrere with a notable con-
tribution, to say nothing ot.such well-known people as Marion Harland,
Edith Sessions Tupper and Jessie Juliet Knox. This is only a small por-
tion of what will be in
THE CHRISTMAS CAU.
There will also be stories for the children as well as for the grown-
ups— good, wholesome and 'bright articles written expressly to catch
their fancy. The illustrating has been done by The Call's own special
staff of artists — and it is a recognized fact that The Call Art I>epart-
ment is unequaled. It is sufficient to mention that such names as Meth-
fessel, Dixon, Cahill, Warren, Bradshaw, Kelly, Bronstrup, Thorndyfce,
Borein and Bohrand will appear as signatures on original full-page
drawings of subjects especially selected for suitable Christmas illustra-
tion. The comic side will not be neglected, for George W. Peck will be
in the swim with the funniest story of the Bad Boy's Christmas Joke on
the Grass Widow that was ever told, to say nothing of some full-page
comics that are simply side-splitting. Can you wonder then that we
feel safe in prophesying that of all the Christmas papers published this
WTU- BE TJJg; FINEST
EDm©N 'TJS flMJgVS^
Count Andrew Bernstaff, the Court Chaplain to Emperor William I
has written an article on ;' Christmas in the Fatherland," and coming
from such a high source it cannot fail to be of the greatest interest to
our readers. Madame Sophia, Bompiani gives a paper of similar char-
acter on "Christmas Day in Rome" that is equally good. Space prevents
going into further detail. To tell all about our Christmas edition would
be to give the edition itself , for not an inch of room will be wasted— it
is to be stuffed full of splendid articles, stories and illustrations. With
this brief glimpse into the good things to come— and bearing in mind
also the -date of their appearance, December 16, 19O0 — you can- easily
understand that this is to be- the greatest
TESTFOR YOURSELF
The Wonderfol Curative Properties of Swamp=Root,
the Great Kidney and Bladder Remedy.
To Prove What Swamp-Root Will Do for YOU,
Every Reader of The Call May Have a Sample
Bottle Sent Free by Mail.
It used to be considered that only urin- •
ary and bladder troubles were to b« €£&? -^fJjjltffi
traced to the kidneys, but now modern *C? P^i^^Si/S^
science pro%-es that nearly all diseases njw *¦ gjj^yy
have their beginning In the disorder of 1^^ tiit
these most Important organs. fi^ - *~llf
The kidneys filter and purify the blood ¦ lul In
So when your kidneys are weak or out P II |[j | IM
of order, you can understand how quick- n 9 II 1 \
ly your entire body Is affected, and how If | | I vfi\
every organ seems to fall to do Its duty. J7M& ul W 3ffiW.
If you are sick or "feel badly," besrin _^^*j» ¦!. ' "1
tnklng the famous new discovery. r)r. j^^^*^^^r|^''l i *^^a^^^^.
Kilmer's Swamp-Root, because as soon /$Sr!§&£&BQ&iBS&S£m0&K3&&&
as your kidneys are well they will help v t WkWmfiJriw^S^
all the other organs to health. A trial S aSSj^ }« B»Mi ft* liJUJwilflSKM ill»t U OgJrQ
Amrmz th» many famous our~< of Fwamp- I ll_____!___Zrfffi j f?l
Root investiscatM by Th<? Call. th*> one which I iSii -rj n k?i-^im>w llS')i ! *i
we t^ut.ii«h to-day for the benefit of cur read- J f3!j! "«*. *^u*.fl^5t :* tfjIjJH
ers sp<Mks in the hiphept t°rms of the won- j Milj CYU A JjTU T>OAX it' ill If
derfi:! curative properties cf this sreat kidney Hlj) O IT Ai'll "i\Uul l«jW|ti
remedy. Mr. Geo. S. Champlin, Ashaway. R. I.. iSIri if*; fS
writes: "Wh^n 1 sent for sample bottle of |i*§n Kidney, Liver and Bladder jjfiliy
Swamp-Root I hniJ to make water every two ifiaiij {Ml OF lliGMa
or thret? hours through the day and the nlffht. j 23>!| W*fC !|9a
I passed but a very small quantity, tut with a 'JmJII DIRECTIONS. 'IIKlS
scaldlnp and straining at the end of »-ach pa?- |{ff|:l M«t take c-e two or thr««9 HlSy
sage Our best doctor here prescribed for rue. | BJI! teaspoon fula before or after m«0» ll|J$j3
but his medicine did rre no rood. I then b»pan I fifm and at bedtiaie iJlil'H
your .ample bottle, and before I got through [Jfefc, cWidren fcakceortliw to «». Ill 'I
with It I felt a Chang-. I would not have bo- !iJ3 I May commence with scaU doses IIS H^J
lleved EUch a email quantity wouM have done 'i'lOIll and !acr*e»e t:> fall doeocr more, ij/8 ! 3
so much, but before it was pone I learned that 3Sj'|| «s t"« case woold seem to retjslre. JjBj|ji|
our drug-gist kept your Swamp-ttoot, and *r> 'Hgij TM3 pr»at nrsK'.j cures aU Ijc'ja
BOt a large bottle for one dollar, but actually t>jjj Mdnty. Ui-cr, blad.icr and Trio I[m$S
worth one hundred dollars. I only took one 5i5l A:i<l troubles and disorders due fllfflj
lar^e tablespoon ful thrfe times a day. and be- ! gJ I to weak kWaeys. «aeh as catarrh If MS9I
fore I had taken one-half bottle I was all right 1 S of th« bladder. rrraTel. rfaecim- [j fwQjIj
and have b*»en since. My urine Is as light H ana « fr^>a?' > ar.d Brl<M'i Ms- j JSjij
color as usual. GEO. S. CHAMPLIN*. ffl ew. *liM» U tho worst farm of IJIJU?
Jan. 4. 13-X). " ~" " * " ¦ H It Is pleasant to taio. flJS'S
Weak and unhealthy kidneys are re- j M PREPARED ONLY BY J« } i5
sponsible for many kinds of diseases, and j j3 I DR. KILMER Si CO 1* t
if permitted to continue, much suffering I 13 ..„.„,.„.„ ., „ * fjfcjii
with fatal results are pure to follow. Kid- I 9B BiNUHaviON, N. T. Jjjjj U
ney trouble irritates the nerves, makes jfi I Sold by all Dru^slsts. vfA
you dizzy, restless, sleepless and lrrita- j ||!'l— m^ ¦—^JSmE
ble. Makrs you pass water often durln? |S.imin'1H^^'H33-'Tliir;i>7wnnnTVn «
the day and obliges you to get up many j I BEl? lffr»ff%^ ! ' a "^l|P' f '"?ff (« Hf .' S
times during the nfpht. Unhealthy kid- j* Wt— _^IZ|mS~^J_ n-^SfiffygBfrgH
neys cause rheumatism, trravel, catarrh '¦ y-rVrr-»y^^^^^^rTOi^^t^?f'^y^ q|
of the bladder, pain or dull ache in the OTP^^^^te^"^3fe 5 $A
back, joints and muscles; make3 your ,ffg^g^~ --^SsSS£gjl3<
head ache and back ache, causes indiges- • '- ¦ ,ij— Ju^ '.'ft.'J'i 1 , — 1— - -^.'"'^
tlon. stomach and liver trouble; you get (Swamp-Root Is pleasant to take.)
a sallow, yellow complexion, makes you feel as though you had heart trouble; you
may have plenty of ambition, but no strength; get weak and waste away.
In taking Swamp-Root you afford natural help to Nature, for Swamp-Root is the
most perfect healer and gentle aid to the kidneys that Is known to medical science.
if there is any doubt in your mind as to your condition, take from your urine on
rising about four ounces, place it in a glass or bottle and let it stand twenty-four
hours. If on examination It Is milky or cloudy, if there is a brick-dust settling or
If small particles float about in it. your kidneys are In need of Immediate attention.
If you are already convinced that Swamp-Root i3 what you need you can pur-
chase the regular fifty-cent and one-dollar size bottles at the drug stores everywhere.
EDITORIAL NOTE.— S'xamp-lXoot, the great Kidney, Liver and bladder T{*m-
edv, is so successful that a special arrangement has be.n made bjr ¦ahicb all readers cf The
Cal! -xho have n >/ already Ui:d it, m\y have a sample bottli smt absolutely frts by mail.
xAlso a book telling all about kidnt? and bladder troubles and containing many of ths
thousands upon thousand* of testimonial letters rectiv.'d from msnand-xcm:n cur. d by
Stcamp-T^oot. Tie sure and mention reading thi* generous offir in Sin Francisco Daily
Call vhtn sending* our address to TK Kilmer & Co., 'Bingbamton, C\". Y.
: ||| Our made=to i
BW|^ order suits
,1 1 |?|}j) 1 1| i represent the combma-
I it ' III I r tion of good maierials.and
jij | lr| |i jgV f t K good workmanship ; this
I' I? all i\ £ ooc * combination has
; j[f.|'mL 1 \ proven satisfactory to our
• I Sfe \ customers because of the
I 1 '* if'- il&i IIk 3 st y Je anc * appearance of
ij.lp Ji J |l|jr!| ; !;''. :|i| E ft I the suits and because of
|l|f.l|^l|; f |f 14 j the wearing qualities.
m I Isifel iSSS Mi y ° u can § et ths suit s
i^lnW^iiPli H:fin these styles: single or
SlylW^ doubte - breasted sacks
Wli^^t^^^M/ with single or double-
Mp|®^r breasted vests, the strand
Inl^^K^^f^ or cutawav frock : price of
iliiftpf any ons of ths stylss
: llftjff $13.50
|| || I ifi every suit — you know what
I H |:jl m that means. /
I! IS 0 ' f| r*M Out-of-town orders filled — write for self-
; tj xn§ b $0 measuring blank end samples.
11 if S-N-WOQPfrfp
I If fljjj Hi jjf 718 Market Street and
I Nvdlf I Cop * PowcI! and Edd y.Robert McN'air, 12 years of ag<\ a cash
boy at Roor Brothers and at
750 O'Farrell street, fell from a west
bound Geary street, car about 10 o'clock
last night and -was struck "by an east
bound car. His; nose was fractured and
he received numerous cuts and bruises
about the face and head. -He was' treated
at the RecpJvinK Hospital. -
Cash Boy Struck by .Car.
T. OK DON, Dec. 12.— The annual football
match btlween Oxford and Cambridge
took place to-day at the Queen'* Club. A
magnificent game was won by Oxford by
two goal* to a eroal and a try. There was
a large and fashionable attendance.
Victory for Oxford.
The Alumni 'Association. of 'the Univer
sity of California will ;tender a banquet
this evening to the football coach
and t»«ani of 1900.' ' The event will
take jilace at the Merehants'Club in the
Mutual Life building ami a large number
of the alumni have stgnlned'.. their inten
tloti of being present.. General W. H. I.,
Barnes will be the orator of the. occasion
To Banquet Football Team.
Benjamin R. Crocker.
SACRAMENTO. Dec. 12.— Benjamin R.
Crocker died In this. city this afternoon
after a long Illness. Mr. Crocker was one
cf the host-known men in this part of the
Slate. He came here In ISM and engaged
in mining, but afterward conducted a
ntor»-. - He bad the entire confidence of the
projectors of the Central Pacific Rail
road and when it** construction waa be
guh Mas made the purchatintf agent and
n>ii€iuctfd all that part of the business.
In 1V7 hf was injured by being thrown
on his Iwad by a fractious hor^e and he
tvllred from railroad affairs, attending
only to tils own business interests :-incu
then.
NEW ORLEANS. Dec. 12.- Weather
cloudy and cool; track fast. Summary:
Mile and 20 yard?, celling— Milt Hovkin wv\n
Dan Cnplo- socond. Yoloco third I Tlm^ 14JV '
.TV , f " rloncf< - -nandlcap-Money.- Mum'" won
Admiral IVpper Keoond. Fake third. Time l-o"'
; BIx furlonsrs-^Cliarlip O'Rrlen won jia«'ter
•Mariner second. AIpk third. Tlmp in
One arid a sixtRfnth mllen. handicap— Opneral
Pauee third. Time.. 1:46V4. '".&"..,
One, mile and twenty yards, selling— Admetua
won. Petit Maltre eecond. Unden Ella third
Time, 1:44*4.
f^ven furionKB-Tom Ktnp-ley won, Dick
Furber second. Oastln* third, lime. i"»|
Results at St. Louis.
NEW YORK. Dec. 12.— It Is reported
h*»re that the stewards of the Now York
Jockey Club will not give Tod Sloan a li
cense to ride here until the English
Jockey club changes Its attitude toward
the American rider. It Ir raid that no
official statement will bo given out but
that Sloan's name will not be inserted in
the list of Jockeys licensed for 1901.
titude of the English Organ
ization.
New York Jockey Club to Follow At-
JOCKEY SLOAN MAY
BE REFUSED LICENSE
' Six yearlings were then led into the
ring from E. A.' McSweeney's On<*onti
Stock Farm, bringing the .following
prices: ¦ s
B. g. by PantlaKoRevolution, $,w, T. Walline
b. R. by Santiago-Commotion. $45. n UcCartv*
b. g. by Pantiago-LJllle D. $50, J. J Moran :
b. K. by Pantlafro-Alanco. $130. R. Hujrhe<- b'
f. by Fantla^o-Idalla. JS3. F. O'Nell: b f ' bv
BantlaKO-Crap Game, $90, F. O'Nell. ' '
Ch. e. by Kl Rio Rey-Lrfmlse M. $SS j w
Salts; ch. c. by R»y del Slerrai-Jefiple R »30o"
J^.Xealon; b. c. by Lordllke-Ogalena $10<l W
M. Murrj-; ch. c. hy Rey del Slerrao-I^u Pnen''
?f r> f^;-^Tl l0 ? kPr: ch - c - b >' K1 Rl ° Rpv-xwiie
V< Rt. $h0. R. Hughes; br. t. hy I^ordllke-Dolly
M. $<S, ••I>n(rsrle" Smith ; b. c. by El Rio Rev
Ft^nnetta. $1950. AdoVph Sha*»n;.ch. c. bv Rev
del Rierrap-OKZllle. $115. Jj. Allen; b. c by
Ix>rdlike-Mattie Glenn, JSO. J. Barstow
b. f. 1. by Emperor of Xort jik-oioritta $70
M. M. Davis; hr. c. 1. 1>>- AmlRo-Blosonm,' |5W
J Sullivan; ch o. 1, by Kmperor of N'orfolk-
Mi«s Baldwin. $I2r>. W. .1. Spiers; br. c 1. by
Roy el Santa Anitn-Blazewiiy, $100. II Roberts
ch. c. 1. by K*-y »1 Santa Anita-Florilla, E93 j"
Sullivan: ch. f. 1. by AmlKo-Hul.y I'ayne $175,
0. Haldwln; rh. c. 1, by Amlgo-lhdlanola' f23rt!
J. (Jlaytnn; h f. 1, hy Rey el Santa Anlta-L^
\ U-nte. $C. J. fJulllvan: b. f. 1. by Rev el
Santa Anita-M.-iKdalena, $155. J. Sullivan- b tr
1. by Xomad-Irionda. $30, D. ¦McCarty; b f "'
by rTmperor of >'orfolk-Aritta, »1SO j' MrOovl
etn;"b. %. 2. by Amltfo-Osada. W, H. Roberts
b. g. 3. hy Emperor of Norfolk -Clara Hose tis'
D. McCarty; h. f. S, by Santla»o-!.larieopa II
SC". J. Sullivan.
The yearlings from Rancho del Slerrag
sold as follows:
Mrs. R. Gllman Bro^rn and Miss
Drum Tie for the First
Place.
A do-en ladles of the San Francisco
Golf Club met at the Presidio links yester
day morning and engaged in a putting
contest, four balls on nine greens—thlrty
*ix balls in all. Mrs. R. Gllman Brown
and Miss Sarah Drum tied for first place
with a Fcore of 91, Miss Klla Morgan be
ing next with 5«6, and Miss Alice Hoffman
not far behind with 97. Miss Florence
Ivep. Miss Carolan and Miss Cn.ro Crock
ett tied with P8 each; Miss Minnie Hough
ton and MIpp Maud Mullins tied with f)3
each: Miss LRlly holed the thirty-six halls
in 115 stroke*, and Miss Ethel Hager in
UC. Mi«s Kdith McB^an ma.de no returns.
There will be an approaching contest
for men on the links of the San Francisco
Golf Club at 2 p. m. Saturday.
GOLF GIBXS PUTTING
ON PRESIDIO LINKS
Sale of Yearlings.
Th#re was a larpp prafherini? of horse
men at Occidental Horse Exchange la.st
nl(?ht. the occasion being sales of year
llnfrp from Santa Anita Sfook Farm,
Itarcho del Sierras and Oneonta Stock
Farm. The- star of the sale was a ')!«
bay brother to Scarborough, which, after
mmp lively bidding, was knocked down
to Adnlph Shaen of Reno, New. for $1950.
The Santa Anita stock sold brought the
following prices:
B. c. 1. by Nomad-Vloletta, J65. D. McCarty;
Probable Winners.
First rtaoe— Andrattuj", Dunfree. Game War
den.
Second Race — Bard of Avon, Homnje, Ral
ston.
Third race— Bern.Ma, Golden Ape, Janice.
Fourth Rare— Meehanua, Socialist, Knsence.
Fifth Race — Malay. Florizar. Greenock.
Sixth Race— ITlloa. IMnK. Fynla.
Sixth rtac* — One mile: four-y»ar-ol<ls; selling:
143G Pin* 104 1473 I'lloa Ill
1445 Oftnond 104 14."? Olenjcaher 104
1433 t'lm 104 1342 Oold Baron ...104
1457 Delia fr.nnors.ini ]4~ Schanken 104
1469 Jim MoCle«-vy..l07 S1O Pynla • HI
y*-Hr-ol«1s and up; December handicap:
il4en»Vulcaln K8 14f,:> havator 8"
14TS Banpor 1 IT i 1475 <!reenock 96
1473 Florlzar ....... J7I 1447 Malay 91
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
OAKLAND rtACRTrtACK. WEDNKSDAT. nivCKMnKn 12.— Weather rainy. Track fast.
i-*7-t. KIRST HACK— Five furlonjc: selling; two-year-olds; purse, $300. .
ln.].x jHort-e and Weight. |I'*t St. 14. li. Str. Pin. Jockeys. '"op. Hi. "cl! PK
Hal 181 M«n rise IK) «7 6 M 52 3 H 11 O'Connor .. 4 12 10 3
13*2 jlntnepldo iu 12 2h 25 In 22 Cob.urn 5 6 4 8-5
\l* t^f'f'V,-, "* 5I 1 12 12 33 3 2 U. Daly..... 3 8 7 8
1*2 -V'trh Belle Iu0 15 4 1 4 1 5 2 4 1,4 Domlnlok .. 5-2 7-3 3 6-5
10 ;KI Sonoro US 4 j fi 7 7 4 2 6 1 . X. Turner.. 8-5 7-2 7-J 1
14..1 .Spindie 100 7|3 «t 61 «4 65 IMounoe 6 12 10 4
»iC ijftiM 100] I I 4_ 8h 34 i 7 |E. Ko!»s | 10 20 20 7
Time- i*. .Wi,; %, :37: %, l:02W. Rsd start. Won first three driving. Winner, DTMcCartyg
fir. f by itio i.ravo-Marie VI. (_\)n*i<i.»rable delay at post. Kreakaways hurt chance* of
Bcotcn IM> and Hnnnro. Intrepldo acted badly at post. Winner h»»d worked well and came
lrom l>t-hln>l. Spin<llp won't aix Scratched— Cousin Carrie 100. Klngstelle i«5, Abba 1, 113,
<\irn Cake Jim. iAirayo 100.
1475. S1>'O.\D HACE— One mile; selling; three-year-olds and up; purse, $400.
! |Po.| " "~ ~ r BottTnTT %
Iiiilei Hor«*. Are. Weight.- r.st St. 'i- H- Str. Fin. Jookoys. Oil HI. CL ri.
jjg .Topma.-t. a 103; ill 44 5>4 In 11 ;0'Conno~" I g IT 2
146», :Free I^nce. U....1K 314 6 '» 4 4 2 2 2 4* Voburn 5 7 *7 2
IVU Opponent. 5 101| 6 3 2n 3h 3 M 3 4 ;ihiinlniLk .. 2 7-2 13-5 4-5
IJ« \\ halfback. 4 101 1)7 7 7 61 41 illounre 10 20 20 8
I43S I'rt-MiiliKitator. I. «t{ 7 It 3 4 2 h 4 h 6 2 J. . I>aly 4 fi 3 1
ir*r <!rt-en...k. 3 i'iT 2(6 «4 6h C10 6 15 |J. Miller.... 5-2 7-2 3 6-5
l*\ Imi.. Mistral II.fi .m< 5] 3 In _1 h__7 __jr_ _|K. Kom:._... __15 20 20 6
Tim? ->i. :2:, : i t- : m 4 ; n; vig; mjie. 1:41^. Good etart. Won easily. Second "and third
driving. Winner. <"arrutheri> * Shield*' eh. «r. by imp. TopKallant-Ksnay. Topmast had so
mm h *i.«>.-.i to-day he l«-ft a trail of »moke behind him. He's a queer old seadog to guess.
At the hftlf there was a free-for-all, and OpjK-nent and Mistral were almost downed Op
j<.nHi,t would have been hard to beat. PrtBtldi sltator h.is u imcketful of tricks but bad
unre. ureenock sparred well in the prelimli:nr>-. Bcratched-lmperloua 101. 'Dlsqualined
[CT li»ui!iig and placed la^t.
1 I7«t. T11IKD RACE — Six furlanK"; selling; two-year-olds; purse, $350.
' I f 8 • ! Betting
Index Horse and Weight. jPstl St. >^. \. Str. Fin. JockeyB. Op. Hi. C\. PI?
I«SS Bernota P7] 2 I 6 22 22 11 12 Dominick ... 4 6 5 Ts
<H42) Sad Sam l'KV 1|2 14 1'^ 21 21 Coburn 1 1 7-10 1-4
1455 'Galanthus 97j. 8 1 SH S2 3n 32 |J. Daly 10 12 12 3
»-f \"**> IM 5| 4 4! 4 5 ,4 10 4 15 ij. Miller.... 2 3 3 M
12H jlntrada 102 4 6 6 6 E « 5 12 |Mounce 20 SO 30 10
O4U.) Bob 1'almer 10O| 6 3 5 V4 6 6 6 |J. Martin.... « _ 50__J0i 12
Time— V,. :24; H. :4S%i; »i. 1:14. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving:. Win
ner. Hums & waterhouse's blk. *. by Take Xotice-Berna. Tedious delay at post. Pad Sam
burst Into tear? before the wire was reached. Bernota won smiling. A more experienced
skipper mifcht have made fan at the moorlnpa first with Galanthus. He can stand a stout
Ireeze. Scratched— Oold Badge 103. Billy Lyons 100. Poynt* 103.
l-*77. FOl.'RTH RACE — One and a half miles; selling; the Fresno; three-year-olds and up;
purse, JfiflO.
• Po.l j- Bfttlng
Index | Horse, A jte. Weight. Put St. Std. %. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. CI. PI.
n4«l> Campus. 4 ..'. 102? S 3 4^4 2h 21 1*. nomlnick .. 2 11-5 P-5 7-10
14SS KoenlR. 4 lClj 4 5 5 1'4 4 14 14* J. Miller.... 6 8 6 (5-5
<14*i) 'Gauntlet. 4 102 11 3 ', 3 H 3 2 8 8 Mounce, .... 7-5 11-5 U-5 7-10
1449 Cue. 3 RS| 24 12 11 44 41 Hansoh 8"l t?0 60 115
J4M Colonel Root. 5... 91:77 84 S2 63 64 J. Daly 30 60 60 IS
1466 Ixv-ochof-. I 101] 56 7 7 61 S2J. Woods 3 5 5 7-5
1«« IT^xarkana. _5...^.1<»sl 3 2 2_J i 12 • 7 7 ' Romero .... 100 100 100 41}
Time-i,. :2«; H. :.10»i; \. 1:16%; m, 1:41%: Vim, 2:0814; 114m. 2:W t . *Good start. WoiTflnTt
three drivinff. The leaders were very evenly matched. Gauntlet rlaypd In fearful luck.
Makln< the back turn he was cut off. falHnp back next to last. With a superb chance in
the utretch I>ominlck and Miller "sandwiched." Mounce and Gauntlet was out of it.
I,ocoche«> moccasins pinched him. for he. ran like a bad "Injun." 'Dead heat.
14TN. FIFTH RACE; one and a sixteenth miles; three-year-olds and up; purse, J4M.
I Po.J ~, —^^~BetTln^
Index {Horse. Age, Weight. Pst St. U. %i- Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. CI. PI.
<1452> ! Bangor. 4 1141 3 2 3 3 141^ Coburn "Til 1 4^ \Z
U4:.5) Wai. 3 97 2 3 1H1W2H2W Domlnlck .. 3 9-2 9-2 7-10
1464 lAllce Turner. 8.. Kj 1 \ 1 2 2 2-3 3 3 .1. Martin. .. 8-6 2 2 2-5
Time— 1-1«. :06«i: 5-16. £1>£: 9-16. :56'i: 13-16. 1:21H: rn. 1:40; 1 l-iem. 1:46<J. Good start.
Won easily. Sword and third driving. Winner. S. C. Hlldreth's ch. h. by Belvedere-Zara.
Wax humpfd Into by Banttor just after start. It didn't retard his efforts. Alice Turner a
eood mare, but needs a vacation. ! , . • . !
I -4 Tit. SIXTH RACE— Seven furlongs; selling: three-year-olds and up; purse, $300.
i i Po -l ' Betting — ¦>
Index Horse. Age. Weight. lp«t[st. H. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op.. Hi. CI. PI?
1411 !lx>thlan. 4 lf»! » | 2 11 1H lh 11 iDomlnick .. 10 10" 10 4
144>> Dunblane, S 110; 11 7 6h 42 S! 22 LMounce 1 B-2 6-2 6-5
1457 Monrovia, a 10i»i 11 21 21 2 2 32 [Coburn 4 8-2 9-5 S-5
ir»7 Acrobat. 5 1W ; I» 6 11 11 11 4h Alexander .. 20 40 40 12
1348 ipplke, 3 107 75 3h 3h 42 I Vt Stuart 20 40 40 12
1391 iMorinpa. 5 10S CIS 7 3 7 2 B2 6 H IE. .Ton<-a.... 10 10 8 4
1U5 IMcNamara, 3 107} 4;S fi >i 6 H 7 1 7 4 JKiley 6 8 8 3
14.12 ;D«-coy. 3 lftTl 5(4 4 •¦* S3 a >6 » 14 ff)-Connor ... 5 67-2 1
1397 'O?tW Joe. a 114i 3 !1O 9 h S h 9 4 ».i N". Turner... 5532
IS.-.3 iKinpmaFter. 6 ...10!.J 2 18 S 2 10 4 10 10 1 Ij. Woods 10 15 ]5 '' ft
1440 JCentinella. a...,.10<t| 8 jll 10 2 9 1 8 2 11 |E. Ross.^... 30 100 100 40
Time— H. :13; «fc. :3C»i: S.. 1:02; 7»; 1:27»4. Good «tart. Won easily. Second and third liriv-
Ing. Winner. C. K. Durnell's b. k. by imp. illdlothian-l."]pta. Winner can beat some fair
her best. Acrobat came from far r»-ar. Decoy cut off on back stretch. Ostler Joe has
very bad underpinning and was too sore to run. Scratched— Meadow Lark 109.
hot fighting and was very even. Hanlon
should have been given a decision at the
end of the fourth, as he bored in and had
Neil guessing. An extra round was called
and the boys fought each other to a stand-
Still. At the close of one of the fiercest
rounds seen in many moons, Hanlon was
given the decision. The howl of approval
that went up from the spectators awak
ened the goats tethered on Telegraph hill.
The decision was eminently fair. The boys
should be matched again.
The other battles were nearly as Inter
esting. Manager Summerfleld showed bet
ter Judgment In matching the contestants
and more even fighting was seen. Jockey
\V. H. Martin got a decision over Tom
Snallhan after four rounds of heavy fight
ing. Kid Jones defeated Mike Smith in
five rounds: Tom O'l-eary outpointed Wil
liam Meahan and Tom Bell waa given a
decision over Jack Murray after four
rounds of fierce fighting. The bout should
have been declared a draw. George Mc-
Mahon and "Yammy" McEvoy ga\'e a
very tiresome burlesque and Billy Kelly
kept his hands closed long enough to put
a tall blonde named Kennedy to sleep in
two rounds. Bob Thompson was given
the decision in his bout with "Kid" Chln
npr, but did not deserve It.
VV y EW . YORK. . Dec. 12.-After try- ,
I N X I Ihg for two days, the National
I league magnates finally got
A N into session at the Fifth Ave
nue Hotel to-night. AVhen the •
meeting was called to order by President
Young there were present: A. H. Soden. I
W. H. Conant and J. B. Hillings.- Boston; j
W. W. Korr, Barney Dreyfus and P. U j
Auten, Pittsburg: A. J. Reach and Colonel i
John I. Rogers. Philadelphia: F. A. Bell. !
Edward Hanlon and Charles Kbbitts. I
Brooklyn; Fred Knowles. New York;
James Hart. Chicago: John T. Brush.
Cincinnati, and F. de Haas Robinson and
Stanley Rpblson. St. I^ouis.
The committee appointed by the league
to hoar the grievances of the Players'
Protective Association went Into session
in parlor D. The -oomm'ttee is composed
of Messrs. Rogers, Soden and Brush. The }
players' organization demanded that the
sijFsion be an open one,, which was ac
corded.* When the session began the par
lor was crowded. The meeting was
opened by Mr. Soden* who stated that as !
a result of correspondence between Mr. I
Taylor and the league magnates tne com- I
mittee had bren appointed to listen to the j
demands of the players. The committee,
he said, was appointed last September, i
but for various reasons could not meet
the players' committee until the present ¦
time. Mr. Soden said that the committee
had no power to act, but would report the j
conference back to the meeting of-^the j
league. . ' '
In stating the demands of tfie players'
organization to the l»apue committee Mr.
Taylor said there w*re three defects In
the present form of contract that the
players wanted correcied. These were a
modification of a reserv? clause, an entire
elimination of the " "farming out" clause
and the modification of ihe clause relat
ing to the power of the club owners to
buy nnd sell players or claim them with
out first Retting the player'n consent. Be
fore he would' consent to present the play
ers' demand to th*» league committee. Mr.
Taylor exacted a promise that the com
mittee would report the matter to the
league imrrtediately. and that mmp action
would be taken by the league at its pres
ent session. Mr. Taylor demurred to
treating with the committee at first on
the Kround that it had no power to act.
He asked that the matter be laid over
until It could be presented to a full meet-
Ing of the magnates.
Both Chairman Soden and Colonel Rog
ers* assured Mr. Taylor that the matter
could be expedltiously treated if presented
to the committee.
"This matter Is a serious ore to us."
said Colonel Rogers. "Contracts are nine
tenths of the assets of a club. This com
mittee will make a fair and truthful re
port to the league of what you say to
us."
Mr. Brush said that officially the mem
bers of the league had not been Informed
as to the purpose of*the players' organiz
ation, and they looked upon it as a secret
organization into which many players
playing managers— had not been taken.
Mr. Taylor denied this. and. nf.ter receiv-
ASSAULTS REFEREE AT THE
CLOSE OF A PRIZE FIGHT
Jim Neil Strikes Harry McGuinness Because
His Son Loses Bout.
Jim Nell, race track gambler and
politician, nearly caused a riot at the
close of the monthly boxing exhibition
given by the Golden Gate Athletic Club
in Washington 8quare Hall last night.
His son was one of the principals in a
hot boxing bout and lost the decision. This
so onraRed the father that he Jumped Into
the ring, and after wildly asking Referee
McGulnness to show him the written de
cisions of the Judges of the contest,
angrily struck the referee. Before he could
follow up his assault spectators Interfered.
McGulnness tried to Bet at his assailant,
but was held back, and later in the dress
ing-room he tried once more to repeat the
blow, but was prevented by friends. Ser
geant Chrlstennen used his club and soon
had the ring: cleared.
Younpr Nell had defeated four opponents
at other exhibitions with ease, and his
father expected great things of him. The
bov has a good left and plenty of pluck,
but last nljrht he received a setback when
he tackled Kddy Hanlon. coxswain of the
Ariel Boating Club. The lads fought one
of the finest battles seen in the jing in
many days. Ilanlon outpointed Nell in th-*
first round. In the second round Xeil did
the clever work. The third was full of
ACCIDENT AT
BICYCLE RACE
Frenchnidn Go Down and
Other Ridars Fall Over
Them.
CHARLES JAMES
UNDER ARREST
Claims Relationship With
the Famous
Bandit.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SOMERVILLE, N. J., Dec. ll.-Charles
James, who says he Is the youngest
brother of the late Jesse James of out
law notoriety, waa arrested at Bound
Brook Tuesday, charged with robberies on
Millstone River. James Donnelly, a trol
ley car conductor on the Middlesex »ml
Somerset traction line, was arrested on
the same charge when he slopped hid car
at Bound Brook at noon.
Millstone's Vigilance Society decided to
run dovn the thieves who on Thanksgiv
ing til. t stole from its moorings the
steam launch owned by Oeorge Page, the
lawyer, and Charles Vandorf, an en
gineer of the Pennsylvania Railroad, and
took it down the river to a point near
Weston, where it was stripped of its en
gine, boiler and ¦ propelling machinery.
Captain Ben Welsh of the vigilantes
called Detective George D. Totten of this
place into the case, and these two offi
cers have since been hunting- for the
thieves. They obtained evidence which
led them to search Donnelly's home in
South Bound Brook. They round in the
floor of his barn a concealed door, which
when lifted revealed the engine stolen
from the launch stored in a pit which had
been flug there. They also found con
cealed In the barn a forty-foot yawl, the
property of George Daveys of Weston,
¦which had been stolen from Millstone
River several months ago. The arrest of
Donnelly and James (juickly followed
these discoveries.
Both young men have many friends and
have heretofore been hiprhly respected in
Bound Brook. They first protested their
innocence, but Donnelly broke down and
confessed when confronted with the evi
dence against him. ~ : ' t
NEW YORK. Dec. 13.— With over 14-00
miles clicked off in their pursuit of prizes
In the six day bicycle race at Madison
square Garden, which ends on Saturday,
seven teams were still represented on the
trncl: at midnight, or the beginning of the
fourth day of the contest. The men have
not been able to keep up the hurricane
pace jumped Into at the outset, but they
have struggled to do as much as their
strained and tired bodies will allow them.
For the first two days they were ahead,
of the record, but now they are far be
hind the record of 1S59.
To prevent the loss of a lap, Fisher I
performed perhaps the hardest task of
the race. In the afternoon he got a punc- i
Hire just as the other riders were prepar- i
Ing for a spurt. The other men noticed !
Fisher's misfortune and tried to take ad- i
vantage of It. 'Fisher pedaled along with
the bunch, however, in spite of the soft
enlnK t'.re nnd kept up the pumping or his I
crippled machine for a full mile, at the
end of which time Frederick relieved
him. When Fisher dismounted hla tire
was perfectly flat.
An accident which put Aronson out or ;
the race occurred shortly after 9 o'clock.
Kaser and Ryser were relieving one an
other during a try to gain a lap. going at
a tremendous pace. Gougoltz and Slmnr
were almost behind them, with McFar
land Just on the Inside. The Frenchmen,
who were also alternating, came together!
with a crash nnd went down on the track.
Waller was at their heels and he crashed
Into the fallen Frenchmen. Turville fol
lowed Waller Into the mlx-up and went on I
top of the other bodies. He was thrown
clear of the pile and into a box among a
crowd of spectators. Fisher was the next
man and after riding over the others was
thrown violently to the boards. McFar
land nnd Ryser and Kaser spurted but the
referee, would not allow thelr-gain.
Turville was picked up bleeding and un
conscious, and with a lump on
one knee. He was rushed to bis tent anil
examined. He had sustained contusions
of the right thigh and many bruises of the
bodv as well as the shock. The doctor
broiight him back to consciousness after
a little. ¦
Aronson had a badly cut eye and face
and bruises on the back. Fisher wa« bat
tered and shocked. The two Frenchmen
escaped better than any of the others,
getting only a shaking up.
Aronson was* declared out of the race
at 1 o'clock this morning.
When Babcock heard that his team
mate, Aronson, was sent to the hospi
tal, he declared he would ride • twelve
hours nnd give Aronson a chance to re
cuperate. He kept on his wheel until 1:5>
a. m.. when he fell exhausted. Gougoltz
and "Kaser 'fell on top of him, but none
was seriously hurt. The referee ruled
that- nr. lopsefl should be marked up on
account of the accident.
Turville returned' to the track at la
m.. rode slowly until 1:50 a. in., and then
dismounted. He had to be carried to his
training room. The score at 2 o'clock:
Mi lex. I-aj*.
Kikes and MoFarland..! .' 1441 4
I-Mene P.nd MrKru'hern .....1441 4
Blmnr and (Joujrolt* 1441 4
Turville. and Gimm 1-434 0
Waller and Stlnson J441 1
llnbcrwk ami Aronson 1441 1
Fisher and Frederick 1440 9
Kaner and Ryper....... »<i> 9
ENGINEERS PREPARE
TO ORGANIZE A CLUB
Committee Is Appointed to Draft
Prospectus and Secure Aid of
Representative Men.
A number of engineers met on Tues
day to discuss the formation of
an organization to be known as
the Engineers' Club of San Fran
cisco. The object of this organiza
tion is to include in its membership all
engineer?, whether mechanical, civil, min
ing or electrical, and those allied with
engineering projects. Among those par
ticipating in the discussion of the scheme
wete: A. M. Hunt, general manager of the
Independent Electric Company; F-. F. Bar
ber of the General Electric Company;
"Wynn Meredith and Mr. Cory of Benjamin.
Hunt & Meredith: T. W. Ransome and
Herbert Hopps of Hopps 6c Ransome. and
representatives of the I'nion Iron Works,
the Joshua Hendy Machine Works, the
City Street Improvement Company, Hen
shaw-Bulkeley Company. Otis Elevator
Company, the Market Street Railway
Company, the Crane Cum puny, the Farke
& l>acy Company, Abner Doble Company
nnd the Charles C. Moore Company.
Robert C. Ollphant, 47 First street' Ken
nerly Bryan. Mills building, and Then
F. Dredge. 23 First Street, were appointed
a corrrmittee of three to draw up a pros
pectus for such an organization and to se
cure the support of prospective members
Mr. Dredge was appointed temporary sec
retary. * -
Want Back Their Land.
Suit was filed yesterday by Rosa Cuneo
and her husband Tomaso Cun^o. against
David Devoto to set aside a deed executed
by Joseph . Devoto in favor of the defen
dant to property on the south side of
Mission \ street, near Ninth. Plaintiffs
claim undue Influence.
Tells Thrilling Tale of Robbery.
John Morgan, a sailor, complained to the
police yesterday thac three men entered
his room at 116 Fourth street at 8 o'clock
that morning and that one of them took
t142 and a watch from under his pillow
while another held a pistol to his head
and the third watched at the door. The
officers believe Morgan lost his money and
watch gambling.
Good resolutions and ladies who faint
in a crowd should always be carried out.
Ing a promise of immediate action, he pre
sented his case.
Afterward ne submitted a memorandum
of the players' demands as follows:
First— Club owners not to have the rifnt
to "reserve" players at a salary less than
that provided fcr the ensuing year, nor
for more than three years.
Second— Not to buy. sell, assicn. trade
or accept services of any player in any
one way without his written consent.
Third— Club owners to pay physicians
fees frr fajoxfes received in action.
Fourth— N'o r'ayer to be suspended
without pay more than three times a sea
son or two weeks at a time.
Fifth— Committee of arbitration, one.
member to be chosen by owners, one by
the players. an.J a third by these two.
such committee to pa?.-» on all differences
between players and owners.
At the conHnsion of the hearine Mr.
Taylor submitted a draft of the contract
the players wanted put In vogue. The
committee promised the players to con
sider the matter at once and give them a
decision to-morrow.
Immediately after the hearing tha
league's circuit committee, composed or
Messrs. Ilrush. Rogers and Soden. went
Into session. The session lasted until ">
o'clock when the meeting of the league
was called.
The magnates ,'.d.1oume<1 at 3:30 to-nlgnt.
After the meeting broke up President
Young said: "There is nothing to give
out for publication. The maenates took up
the subject of the demands of the play
ers and discussed it. Nothing Wi** done,
however. The matter will he taken up at
to-morrow's sersion and then something
may be done. The players' demands wa.-.
the only matter taken up at to-nlsht" s
session."
Track Notes
Perry Hildreth boosted I/Othian. win
j*r of the last race. 4'-^ over his eiter"(l
-ellinit price of >4O>. "Boots" Durnell re
lalne-d the gelding-
For his rrnjgh riding tactics astride
Free Lance "Monk" t'oburn was i**t down
for the balance of the meetlne at Oak
land. He will, of course, ride out to-day's
engagements.
D'Tninick again piloted three winners,
ill at good odd?.
The following named persons have been
denied a rehearing cf. their respe<tive
by the board of stewards of th«'
California Jockey Club: Dow Williams.
Charles II Murray. O. Gouin, Edward
Kllis. A. Songer. Heniy Howell. George
Mcflunky. A. G. Hinri.hs. Moose Taylor.
R. William". Joe Pifrgrott. Thomas M<-
tCickle. H. U. Hill. W H. Martin, Sandy
Mf-Naughton. J. Ward. W. Narvaez.
The following named v.ill be given a
ifYif-strinK at a nif<'tijij? of the hoard of
ctewards. to be held Tuesday. December
is r.ext : Jeps»*> Cnnley, Irvln* Neuschel^r.
John McBride. J.je Rc*e. Juseph Weber.
J. Hrnwn. William Mattin. P. Sullivan.
Following are lo-dav> enrries:
F!ri«t R»c* — Futurity coutw; two-year-olds:
M^IllrR:
:1"Tj lillly Lyons .. *9 144« OnM Radge ...103
!<f,?. Cnr« Ooetz ...1"* lUMUtavellnr W
Pklp Me till (1249) Dtmfn>e 101
IV* AnJr«ttu* in* 14»3 v>'i* II 1°2
1S3 Osme Warden. W K2S IV-n Mag>-n ...102
14'.S Modder \«l
fceroriii Race--S!x furlonR*; two-year-oMs and
up: ¦-• ir.f
I(S< Necklace 114 14.'8 Homage S3
;*<>2 Anjou 113 14T.5 I>onellne^i< R"i
:4:.S Hard of Avon.. S« U'A Kalston ,.10S
HOT Ipaline 115
Third n«™ — S*vmi furlonrs": t»o-year-ol4e;
fnrram»mo hsndtrap:
1441 Golden Af....W .... Tony I^ppin*.. <*'i
14<>« Tyr 10« n441Uanlce 109
.HT^inprno'a * r i
Fourth Race — One mile; three. yur-oH? and
«;;<: ><ur«»:
!:4P")J«nrlallet im ¦.WOF.Pfwnee Vttt
•Hr.3iRm <Jarrett ..1^5 ?44« Meehanun 1«7
Fl'tVi Tiaco ~r>n» r n<1 » n <ii-hth mll<-i<: lhr»-
ELDOM dors' it hapr^n tn a race
\^ GfcMM over one and a h.V.f niiles
that two hnrs=e5 j^"? t' 1 * wlre so
Closely ai:sne<i that the judRes
are unable to separate them.
However, this if .lust what hiu'P^'-Pd at
Oakland yesterday when, at the condu
t^ion of the Fresno sellins event. Campus.
with Domlnlck up. and Koeniff. rid.ien by
.1 Miller, crossed 'he line rose and nose.
The former 1-orse closed a 9 to -'- favorite,
and as 7 to 1 was freely quo tod about
KoenlK ."t one »tag« of th» betOn*.
all HckeU on the two hors«s wer. sjillt.
Barken of the Schorr entry paid bets.
Oa«nt!»t. the record pma.«her. ¦with
;.loi;nce up. and the opening cheke. was
1 adiv mcMfd about at one t!n»- ur
xisoiher. »>«t for which he might have
l-e«m returr.od vitnnor.
The llfihi fill of rain cr<-«it«»d a
p.!c« EprinST M«Won on the surface of the
truck, which was wrlr..m«<1 by owners, of
rhmitaxilc and cripiilod plec»!« of r»cin^
harriv.are. LoflS chota took poiwefWlon of
ihircF .igaln. fcr only a favorite an«l a
hall aneeltd port**.
IJan Mrt'any f .ta>te't a .brown jrel-iinR;
in th- IntrodnetofT *eraraW« far t«<>-y<^'r
o]£t called SKfenvine. named after tli<
popular <ipar dealer of tho 1'aliice Hotel.
\\hi~h re-urned with the coin *t odds o.
10 and :2 to 1. It waf the v.mnpsti *£*"¦•
4 nd pss-ay at th^ barrier, mid wlt.li O(on
;>or in th<> Raddle, In caw* from lnhtr.d.
beating Intrepido and Bstelada in handy
f n s*hicn.
Old Torraast oame out 5n the mile selling
run with sjve« <i to burn, and at T to 1.
treated home tic easiest Port of a Winner.
When half the distance had been ooveie<l,
there va'p a e-M,eral bumiing match, in
vhlch Opponent and Imp Mistral II fared
worst. Coburn. aptnde Kree l^ance
finished fecond. but as he acknowledged
being the cause of the crowding, was set
t ack to last place. This moved up Oppo
nent 8 ptx. and pave the show to Whale
bark. There was a heavy play on 1 res
t d!(ritator : but the horse that nearly
"broke" Pittsburg Phil ran a <lipap?oint
ing race. .
AH the ehrev.-d ones fisured that San
Fatn had the sjwd of the bunch startinc
In th- two-year-old dp«h at six furlong:^
tacking the Texas-brod horse down to 7
to 10 favoritism. He did sift out In front
with i'oburn for several panels, but a Iouk
<3elav at the |x>pt had not contributed to
his fiincpf. ani Pernotn downed him. ffal
lopirg. Br.b. from Johnny Schorr's stable,
had quite a following, but Miller did not
} and> her to the best advantage, losing
thp show to tJa'.anthu*.
A promirent favorite' for the three-horse>
rvent. Sam HllarethV Bangor. defeated
Wax rnd Ali<e Turner without n.uc'p ef
fort. Wax mai'.o the miming, but was un
tblA to last th*- route out. The thrce
xoar-old tillv. B very useful performer
over the St. J.oiuf tr.ick, ran as If. a rest
would d«~ her no horm.
As a finale I^othlan. a 10 to 1 phot, pi
loted by Domirmk. won all the way in the
!nst race of Uie day at seven furlongs.
Dunblane was inclined to bear in 'oward
the rail with Monnce Ifcie last furlong, tak
ir.g the place, however, from Monrovia.
By F. E. MULHOLLAND
open stake to be run at Union Courninf?
Park was held last nlRht at Pythian
Castle. A fine list of hounds was. drawn.
It is as follows:
Open stake, 128 entries— Papha Kennels' Fiery
Face vs. C. O. Peterson's Half Moon; A. John
son's Bald Kagle vs. T. Tlerney's Ivocretla
Bori?la; H. A. Deckelman's Rocker vs. J.
Smith's Boney Boy; George Nethercott's
Floodgate vs. J. Smith's Master Workman;
Pashn. Kennels' May Hempatead vs. T. J.
Cronln's Vandal; P. McCabe's Craig Boy v*.
O. Zahl's Mlsa Allen: J. SharMan's Forest
King vs. R. E. de B. Lopez & Son's W arrival;
Pasha Kennels' Random Aim «. J. McRnro'n
Admiral Pamrson; Aeneld Kennels' Arethusa
v? . F. Brown's Tammany; Aeneld Kennels
Aethra v*. Curtis & Sons' Cash: H. A. Decke -
mnn's I^awrence vs. Chlarinl Bros.' Bunco Hill;
A. Vf.n der White's Lear King vs. Chlarini
Brrs." Brass Rutton; E. Geary's America vs.
R. L. Taylors Beauty Spot; Maher A Reid s
Uncle Fuller * vs. Pasha Kennels' Hlval s
Answer- K. • Geary's Ireland vs. sterl &
Knowles' Blecty Mist; Aeneld Kennels' Athena
vs. T W. Bartels' Mac's Melody; J. P. Thrift's
Rrutus ve. P. Kteinhoff's Veto; H. ranch's
Emma M. vs. J. P. Thrlfffi t=t. Michael; A.
Bilker's Kanaka vs. Ersklne & Jcr.es' Laven
der; D. J. Healy'B Lady Claire vs. Pasha Ken
nels' Rural Artist: C. Honnar's Wild Nora vs.
P. McCabe's Fair Lily; H. Lynch 1 s Game Cock
vs. Grfrge Kharman'o Bowery- Boy; R. K. de
B. lx>ie Z & Son's Sara vs. P. Rellly's I^ady
Granada; Maher & Reld'e Bad Hoy vs. A.
Johnson's Tod Sloan; P. J. Reilly's Honesty
vs. Curtis At S-'ons" Kchn: F. Jones' Wedge. wood
vs. J. Carrol's Auckland; J. Button's Master
Irfiurence vs. M. I-onrion's Magnetto; P. J.
Reilly's PlouKhboy vs. J. Dean's Wautaugh;
Pa«ha Kennels' Rollicking Airs vs. I). J.
Healy's Tapioca; Sterl A Knowles' For Glory
vs. K. Geao"'s Bonnie Pasha: Pasha Kennels'
Belle Claire vs. R. L. Taylor's Mose; Connell
P.ros." White Hat vs. F. .Ton^' Harlean
Gladys; T. J. Cronln's Wild Tralee vs. Pasha
Kennels' Royal Anne; K. Geary's Palo Alto
vs. K. M. KellogB's Ben's Babe; F. A. Mc-
Comb't Bona Fide vs. .Aeneld Kennels' Achilles;
E. M. Kellogg's Hweet Emma vs. II. E. ' de
B. Loi>ea & Son's Warrlgo; Sterl & Knowlen'
Amarosa vs. J. P. Thrift's Forget: T. McCool's
Fin Mi-Cool vs. Pasha Kennels' Roman Ath
lete: J. llol'len's Scottish Chief vs. K. E. de
B. I^iiiez & Ron's Diablo; J. Keenan's Ijidy
Sears vs. I). Toland's Pleasant Girl; B. M.
KelloEir's Kid ¦ MrCry ¦ vs, Curtis A' 1 Sims' A n
thor; il. A. Deckelman'B Bell Rocket v«. Kay
Rms.' Hawker;. P. Doyle's LI bent tor vs. C. O.
I'eterson's Silver Cloud; Irwin &• Lyons' SII
vor Wln?» vs. George Hharman's Clilcago Hoy;
D. J. Healey's Nlcaalo vs. J. P. Thrift's Sir
Ilunhle: O. X.ulil's Miss Wilson vs. CurtU Sr
Sons'. Psyche: <*urt!s * Rons' McKlnlny vs.
M. Dunley's Erin; W. H. Sheelian's Ktam B
vs.- II. A. Deokelman's Flyuway; E. M. Kel-
Iokk'u Iowa lloy.vs. Jeff Murtlnetfs Slim; L.
F. BartelB* "Best Barualn vs. Curtis & Sons'
War Kngle; Sterl & KnnwlM' Olltu vs.. I*. G.
HortRklnH* Palm Flower; P. J. RelllyV Royal
Union vs. J. P. Thrift's Tyrone Prince; Aeneld
Ker.nelH' ARamemnon vp. Aeneld, Kennels' Fine
Fire; A." Johnson's Mountain Beauty vs. T. J.
Cror.lr.'s Thornhlll; .T, Keenan's l.-nulln Links
vs. s. . Han.ly's Twin City Girl: J. 'Keenan's
Sleigh Hellg vs. Sullivan &. Trainer's My Selec
tion; H. Lynch's. Lyddite Vs. Connell Bros."
Mamie Pleasant: J. Cane's Master Davenport
vs. McCarthy & Vlnal's Prairie Princess: F. A.
McComb's Sir Pasha vs. J. Dean's Connemara-
T. J. Cronln's Vixen vs. P. Rellly's Cascade;
Curtis & Sons* Kibosh Vs. Curtis A- Sons' War
path; George Sherman's Miss Skyrocket > v*.
Connell Brc«.* Bt. Helen: F. Jones' Tom Hur
lick vs. P. Doyle's Thelma: J. Cane's Oreen
i ball vs. A. Johnson's Lowlander.
One Hundred and ' Twenty-Eight
Hounds Entered for End of
Week Coursing.
The draw of the Saturday and Sunday
DRAW OF SATURDAY
AND SUNDAY STAKE
Ruby R., 'George Nethercott's speedy
young courser, captured the mldweok re
serve event at Union Park yesterday, hut
paid for the honor of having her name
added to the list of stake Winners with her
life. £
Honor Bright was the runner-up in the
stake, and it whs tine to her lack of ef
fort to end the course that Ruby R. was
forced to run a severe final and practically
alone. So far as the getting In to the last
round, Ruby was a bit lucky. The hares
were more than a match for the stake en
tries and from the top of the card long
courses were the rule.
Ruby beat Ripple in the run-down 18 to
4 'and against -Daylight In the second
round^was given'a harder course, 24 to 5,
to raise the flag. This seemed to kill her
chances, but by favor of three byes In
succession the hard-worked greyhound
was advanced to the finaj.
. After her last run Kuuy showed great
distress and had to be carried from the
field. Despite every effort to save her,
she died half an hour later.
Huby R, was by imported Waratah out
of Little Wonder and was a full sister,
by a later litter, of tlie great Whitehead,
the JLopez crack, whose death under like
circumstances was recently recorded.
Nicaeio got well along the card by good
work. Risky Attempt looked like a win
ner, but his, clever performance was offset
by hard going.
The short-ends were: Ploughboy beat
Rollicking Airs at 5 to 1, Safeguard beat
Auckland at 5 to 1 and Kanaka at 4 to 1,
Kibosh beat Controller at 4 to 1, O'Hara.
beat Random Aim at 3 to 1, Annie Law
rence beat Temple, Cecil M. beat Justice,
and Rleky Attempt beat Warco at 2 to 1.
Bowery Boy beat Lady Davenport, War-,
co beat Bell' 1 Rocket, Roslnante beat Bona'
Fide. O'lli beat St. Ivetf and Ruby R.
won the n i from Honor Bright at 6 to
3. Bona F.Je beat Lowlander and Roxana
beat Mins Skyrocket at 5 to 2.
The d- 8 results, with Judge John
Grace'? cl i* scores, follows:
MldweeK Iteservo Stuke, first round— Paoha
Kennels' Rf»t Assured beat J. Trade" « CM
Glory, 8-4; . Cane's Master Davenport a bye:
P. J. Relllyn tV^er V\>st boat H. L.. Taylor's
Brilliant Beauty, SS-12: Curtis & Sons' Eoho
a bye; Porha Kennels' Risky Attempt beat
B. Sweeney's Cottage Lass. 24-12: P. J. Re)!
ly'B Plouirhboy beat Payha Kennel's Rollicking
Air*. 16-7: J. Dean'R Warco brat II. B. Cavan
aurh's Hard Lines. S-f.; H. A. T>eckulman's
Belle Rocket . beat Chlarinl Bros.' Brass But
tcn, 12-3; George Pharman'* St. Valentine a
lye: Oeorge >Sharman'»' Howry Boy beat J.
H. PerlRo'B Ladv Davenport,. 7-3; A. Johnson's
Mountain Beauty t*-at 1). J. Healey'* Crania.
22-5: George. Fharman's Annie L.a.wrence heat
John Charlton & Bon'B Temple. 12-6; P. Jack
son's Honor Brl*ht beat William Jones' Moun
tain Jack, 5-0; Curtis A.. Sons' Roslnante beat
H. Lyn^h's Lilac S-S: II. Lynch' s Clalrborne
beat P. Doyle's Thelma, 8-2; F. A. MeCombs
Bona FIrte beat A. Johnson's Iyiwlandfr, 21-8;
\V. X. HoaR's Cecil M beat F. Roihman's Jus
tlce, 16-0; Sterl & Knmvles" Rusty Gold beat
H. A. Deckelman's Flyaway. lo-S: R. E. de U.
I^opes-.' Sara beat .1. C. O'lvmm-H'H The Owl.
2-0; 1>. J. Healey's Tapioca beat' CJeorpe Me-
Pctifcal's' ColonPl Ix.jiez. 12-9; .1. Kerrlnan's
Koxaiix beat George t^harman's MIsh Skyrock
et, 6-4; H. Lynch' s Unton beat A. C. Llght
hall's Master Albert, ?S-2; Curtis & Sons' Ki
bosh heat J. H. Porltro's Controller. T-6; D. J.
lle«ley"n Nlcaelo beat .1. K. Hoskintts' Kinn
i'pshler, H-7; \V. J. I^ennartl'ii Dayllftht beat .1.
J. KeenaiiB Dr'-artnaiiKht. »-H: Heor^e Xrther
oott's Ruby R beat Sterl & Knowlen* Ripple.
18-4: L. F. Bartels' Hest Barcain beat J. J.
Keenan'ff Sleljfh liells. 4-2: J. Moroney's J L U
beat - L. F. Bartels' Broken Bracelet, 1S-7; IS,
H Mulraster's Safeguard beat J. Carroll's
Auckland, S-6; A. Bilker's Kanaka beat R. E.
de B. Lopez" The Invite. r.-0; George Hhnr
rnan'n St. Iven beat R. K. de H. Ix>pez' tourer.
11-4; Sterl & Knowles* O'Hara beat Pasha
Kennels' Random Aim. 12-7.
Second round— Rest Assured b«»t Master
1'iavent.ort. M{ Kcho beat Peter West, 14-0;
Risky Attempt beat Plouxhboy, 16-4; Warco
beat nelle Kocket. 2-1: Mountain Beauty beat
Kt. Valentine, r>-4; Honor Brlcht beat Bowery
Hoy. 13-9: Clalrborne beat Annie I«awrenee,
11-6: Rosinante beat Bona Fide, 7-6; Rusty
Gold beat Cecil 11, 5-0; Tapioca beat Sara;
in-4; Roxana beat Llnton. ll-»: N'lenslo beat
Kibosh 17-1": Ituby It beat Daylight. 24-.>;
Best Barsraln bent .1 I- R. 1S-1: Sa'wnard beat
Kanaka. 8-7; O'Hsra beat St. Ives. 10-«.
Third round— Rest Augured beat Kchu, fi-4;
Risky Attempt beat Warco, 8-6; Honor BrlKht
t>eat' Mountain Beauty. 4-0: Rosinante beat
Clalrborne, 13-7: Tapioca beat Rusty Uold. 1.1
12: Nlcaslo beat Roxana. 10-4: Ruby R a bye;
O'Hara beat Pafeijxiard, 19-11.
Fourth round— Honor Bright beat Rest As
sured. 12-2; Risky Attempt beat Roslnante,
15-7: nuby R a bye; Nlcaslo a bye.
Fifth round— Honor BrlKht beat R|sky At
tempt. 14-4; Ruby R a bye.
Deriding' course— Ruby R beat Honor Bright,
Honor Bright, the Runner-TJp, Gives
Little Assistancs and the Win
ner Runs the Course Prac
tically Alone.
Ruby R Succumbs After a
Hard Deciding Coursi
at Union Park.
PAYS HER LIFE
FOR A VICTORY
Sensational Dead Heat Terminates a Mile arid a Half Event.
Long Shots Out in Force Again at Oakland.
JUDGES ARE UNABLE TO SEPARATE
CAMPUS AND KOENIG AT THE WIRE
Ask for Important Changes in the Form of Contract *and Are
Assured the Matter Will Be Considered-
EASTERN BASEBALL PLAYERS PRESENT
THEIR GRIEVANCES TO LEAGUE MAGNATES
RUNNING OF THE PONIES AND COURSERS AND CONVENTION OF BASEBALL MAGNATES.
THE SAN FRAXC1SCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 13, 1900.
BAN DIEOO, Dec. 12.— The charges against
Chief Cnlrnes of the Fire Department whleh
were: filed by rire CommUsloner Carter, were
withdrawn at the meetln* of the commission
thl» evening.
NEW YORK. Dec. 12.— In the amateur
Mlliard championship tournament this
afternoon Charles G. Schmltt defeated
William Paige. 500 to 2««. To-nltrht John
A. Hendrlck defeated Frank Bllleter. 300
Billiard Tournament.
14-1
4
ADVEETISEMENTS.
Are the bad boys very often. The boy
that's gcxvl for anything is generally
pv-Xaarious. He's a healthy animal,
sn<l the betlthj animal will always fight
for his rights.
When r» boy ehnnt.the rough sports of
Tiis companions he is
apt to iv; a treakling, \ ' -
ami to be conscious
A «rp::t many \^\>: &$?&£&
ri'/.hcr« have u--:i- \^J^&]*ffjM,
fied to the wonderful /Jnni
curing a::'i strength- V\\ fflQ |^^S*J
ening power of Dr. I T i /T^)y
Pierces CrOldenMcd- V. >^lj?sf
ical Discovery. All ft^^ZXr'
strength eom-s from E^tV'-a.' /
for>;l after it lias l>»-e:i AHQB^'*'7* ; '
stcmach and other M«
organs of digestion jEf Iu f^wfji
feet nourishment of 5^ a^ |»**£9
thus built rp in the K^
only way a !»ody can wBff J
t»e built'up— hy food.
Tliere is no alcohol in "Discovery,"
and it entirely free from opium, cocaine,
and all Other narcotics.
**Dr ftrnx'* medicine has Aoae wonders for
m v two i*»n>»." writrt Mrs. 51. lUrtriclc. ot l>«m-
tter. Ohwcj'.i Co.. S. Y. "Both had scrofula.
ftl* Vhlr«t Ro-i tema taken two or thrre years ajo
•ritb hcmorr.'ijg?' from the lung«. It troubled
hitn for over a yrar. He took l>r. Pierce** Golden
Medical V\tco : .^xy nnd lifts not had one iu over
a vrar Mv vrm'igrr » ol > k»d »crofulo'ji sore* on
hf* arck: iiaH tw-u lanced. l»ut has not had any
siuce he coinm-uccl to take )-cur medicine."
Dr. Pierce's Common , Sense Medical
Adviser, in paper cover, sent free on re-
ceipt of 2i o:ie-cent (Stamps to pay ei-
peuse of mailing only. For cloth bind-
ing wnd 31 stnmps. Address Dr. R. V.
*>i*a-ce. Buffalo, N. Y
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SIOK HEAOAOHE
Vomrely cored tyy tUoso
lAttle Pills.
Tney also tvUere Distress from \3j^Mf^ix t
tndlgotton and Too Hearty Eating. A paw
feet rantdy lor Dizziness. Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Baff Taste is tbe M"irrrt. Coated Tctss^jl
Pain fa tl» Side, TORFU) LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable. ,
Small Pin. Smail Doso.
SmaR Price*
TO THE PUBLIC!
_^gnn^k_ PAN' FRA.NTISCO, Oct.
j/BSe tEJSnk (, WOO.— To whom it may
fXpi ¦'«M ci'Rcrn: Th!« Is to c>rti'»
G£i 1 tf.at DR. WONG HIM of
VJSt^ F T.j-I'.T Mmwin str»-t. Sa-»
ft? \ 1 a Francisco, has cured m»
«fc^a> J of kidney trouble ani
JjS^ET 4 / r^-uti'.atlsm and I am
ft«h»A l y to rr.nkp this stat»-
j^E^*^^ nr nr. a* I find the Doct >r
strictly h>.tit;.t in every
'fefl^SRilgJUBBfcV pensr <<l th« word an<i an
*«*£«i«3sL>^ bonoratle man In all hl»
dealing. DR. C. A. GAY. Dentist. 8C2 Seconi
ave., Seattle, Wash.
PrNOLE. June 23. 1S39.— I take thJa m«U!S -f
expreealn^ rny thanks to D». W ons Him. US-
117 Mason street. S«n Francisco, for having
cured m# of kidney, womb trouble and cancer
of the stomach. I waa a great sufferer tof 13
rears and found no permanent relief until I
tried Dr. "Wong Him and In mix months' tinna
be hat cured me. Any person wiahine m» to
certify t*l, can find
Pinole. Contra Costa County, Cal.
8 F December 4. 1S!>9.— Dr. "Vfon* Him. 115-
117 Mason »t.. S. F\. Cal. — Dear Sir: For th»
bensflt of ethers I wish to make- a statement nt
my case, which was heart trouble. After treat-
Ing with *lx eminent physicians my ca&e was
pronounced Incurable. Hearing: of Dr. Worse
Him. and his wonderful. cures, I decided to try
hla herb treatment. He did all he claimed, ar. J
after treating six months I am now well an 1
ctrong. Tours, respectfully,
MRS. BARLOW. 1027 Mission St.. S. F.
<rf JSP Cured While*"
v^^-'^A^ YOU S16GP
*Jb/%rW In Fifteen Days
-Gran-JiolTenf dissolves Stricture like snow be-
neath the ion. rednces Unlarsed Prostata and
strengthens the Seminal Ducts, stopping Drains aatf
Emissions In Fifteen Day*.
No draz* to rain the stomach, but a direct local
and positive application to the entire urethra; rrac-i
Gran-Solvent I* not a liquid. It Is prepared ia
the form of Crayons or Pencils, smooth and flexible
and so narrow as to pass tb« closest ~t r;ctur»
Every Man Should Know Himself.
The 9t. James Assn.. Box **. Cincinnati, Chat
¦repared at «reat expense an ex nan*t- pnrr I
Ire Illustrate'! Treatise upon the male LULL
»r stem, which tb«r wlU send to * n TrilLLi
Kile applicant, ¦ ••*•*¦¦
St. Jamt-s Assn.. 23O Elm St.. Cincinnati. t>.
PILES CURED
Or we will pay any one £5 who cannot b*»
with one box of Verus Pile Cure. Price
J2.0O. Over 10.000 cured. No failure.
"I had Protruding Piles many years.
Tried every remedy I heard of and had
them cut out twice. I despaired of a
cure until I tried Verus Pile> Cur*. I
was never so strrprised in my life to flna
myself cured brfore usinff half a box. It
1* Indeed wonderful. ' : '-j:*. ; .
"E. P. WKIDNER. '
"1178 Fifth St.. Dos Molnca. Iowa."
VERUS PILE CURE CO.. RE 226, WilSOHlIlOCi
Or the old and reliable EllinRton Drui?
Company. Agents, Fourth and Spring
streets. I.osi Angeles. Cal.
viai- OH JORDAN'S orcatji
MilSEUH OF ANATOMY'
C% 1051 KL33Z? St. UV HiTX Z.t. ii. .
. Ttr The Larg^i Ai»!ooiic«l Mnuun in the '
_TfL WortU. «efck»«ts»» o« up contracted ' I
JggHdfc dise»e pc«lU»ely «iar*4 hy the okint
Ik^jTI spe-.i-j'^cutik. toiii £st]6]ra*n * ;
A &&V?l OR. u'C3l3.v*-PPI>AT5 DISEASES $
\ BfSvx^Q C».nnt»tJon frtf »nd ttri>-t1» prtTa* \
4 J J*Ar JT Tn Kiiwai pcr.onal.y or ty Inter. A A
\ ¦ W M ft "* "** Cwrtxa evJr y c*« unJert»4»». W
.3| His Write fjr Book. Pnil.OHOr«'if,ti
f I L' jj*» .*xai«ki, mailbo rasa, u"
1*1 valuaSls book for rara> ...»:-, \
7 DB .loBD.tK A I'O.. iCM Market St.. & r 9
M. HALL'S RElNYlGURAT0Rfff?9^
five hulilr^d rewanl f^r any ft^^"*^
w* cannot cure. Thu s,>cr*t *S21 Lit.
rt-medy stop« all losses in 24 hours. Ij *
ourfs Cni'.dslons. Impot«-ncy. Var1- t^n fflfi-
<-v.ee!*. Uonorrho«-a. Olret. Fit^. WfcS W*f*
Strictures. Lost Manhood and all 11*111 iOTi
vrattlnc effects of self-abuse or Wmm -**
• xceis»«. Sent »»ai»<l. J2 bottle- 3 KuSs&fl
bottles. 15; cuaranteed to cur» any ca*«. AruStewart Xlerriil. who took the photos of
Mrs. Clute's body at the Morgne, identi
fied the pictures In the courtroom. They
w*re admitted in evidence.
Ihcmas Foley, the. carpet-layer, was re
called. Attorney Hosmer asked him,
among other iiuestlons: "Have you the
same iace you had on December lo, 1S37?"
'lhe attorney corrects hlmseir, and asked
if oley If he wore a mustache when ho
wurked at Mrs. Clute's house. The wit
ness answered in the al!irmative.
Mrs. Clute. was his brother, and that ha
was now in Europe. Annie Donahue, a
telephone operator, gave substantially tne
same testimony as in the last trial.
United States Makes a Very Valuable
Present to the Colonial Govern
ment — Shipment an
Experiment.
- ? —
One-half million live salmon eggs rs
pose in cold storage on the Oceanic
Steamship Company's Sierra, which will
sail from this port this afternoon. They
are a present from the National Govern
ment to New Zealand and when the new
steamship stops at Auckland the valu
able consignment will be turned over to
the Fish Commissioners of New Zealand
by Captain G. H. Lambson or the United
{slates fish Commission.
The salmon eggs were collected from
the fall run of Sacramento River salmon
between November 10 and 16. Fourteen
cases packed In ice, welging nearly 20>J
pounds each, make up tne valuable con
signment. During the long ocean voyage
Captain Lambson will carefully watch
cvtr his cnarges.
It is understood that the New Zealand
Pish Commlseioners will convey the four
teen cases to Wellington, where the colo
nial Government has recently established
hatcheries after the s:yie of those in this
country. \» hen tne iry are old enough
they will be liberated in the different
rivers of that distant country.
This is not the first time egtjs were sent
to New Zealand by our Government. Pre
vious efforts to land the delicate cargo in
the far eff land were unsuccessful.
Captain Lambson will hav« an interest
ing report to make on his return and it
will be eagerly read by all persons inter
ested in lish hatchery.
Thousands of Live Salman
Eggs Will Be Sent to
N w Zealand.
FOREIGN WATERS
TO BE STOCKED
WITH OUR FISH
Defense in the Ciute Murder Case to Have
Its Inning Beginning To-Day.
HOFF'S LAWYERS WILL TAKE
THE CENTER OF THE STAGE
Watch glasses fitted free at Geo. R. Moss
& Co., 145 Stockton, opp. City of Paris. •
Write for n(* catalogue ot watehee. Jewelry &
eilverwEre. Hammersmith & Field, 36 Kearny.*
The ladies of the Red Cross Society
earnestly request that reading matter be
at once'sent In to the rooms of the so
ciety for the use of the troops In China.
Information has reached the society that,
owing to the monotony of camp life, many
f,f the soldiers are suffering mentally.
Literature of a desired nature can be sent
«o the Red Cross Society, fourth floor of
the I'he'.an building, and Jt will be dis
patched on the first transport for the
The iadies of the Red Cross also Intend
to present to the sick soldiers at the
1'residio suitable Christmas gifts, consist-
Ing of cigars, toilet articles, ties, mufflers
and such things as may be useful to the
disabled men. Th<* ladles expect to present
one thousand packages and appeal to the
public to donate the articles In question,
which should be sent to Mrs. J. F. Merrill,
1722 Washington street, city.
Red Cross Appeals.
To-morrow will be a gala day for ladles.
Fhoes that cost $2 50 a pair will be placed
on the table to pick from for only 75 cts.
a pair at bankrupt shoe sale of the Cali
fornia, VM6 Market St., near City Hall av.'
Ladies Are Especially Invited.
The Board of Education yesterday sur
rendered control of the model school
which has been established in the Le
Conte School building and recalled Miss
Stebbins, who has been In charge since
it opened. The board adopted a resolu
tion tendering the use of the building to
the Trustees of the San Francisco Normal
School at a monthly rental of $1 per year,
the Trustees to maintain the building in
good repair. When the Normal School
¦was established the board persisted In as
signing one of Its teachers to assume
charge of the school, which was under the
supervision of the Normal School Trus
tee?. Two hundred pupils attend, and the
Normal School scholars obtain experi
ence in teaching them.
Superintendent Webster protested
against this course and contended that if
the Board of Education retained control
of the school It should assign regular
teachers thereto. Webster was preparing
to force the board to take some action
when it surrendered control to the Normal
School Trustees.
The board appointed Miss M. C. Dowling
as special teacher of Spanish in the com
mercial department of the Lincoln Even
ing School, made vacant by the death of
J Ruiz. Miss Owen Kelly was appointed
to the janitorship of the Burnett Primary
School.
The Sheridan Branch School wa3
ordered closed until the opening of the
spring term on January 7, 1901, on account
cf Illness among some of the pupils.
William W. Fogg was placed on the
evening eligible list as special teacher
of mechanical drawing.
SURRENDERS CONTROL
OF THE MODEL SCHOOL
M. B. Snyder, ex-Mayor and Mayor
elect of Los Angeles. Is In San Francisco
for rest and recreation. At the recent
charter election in Los Anecles he was
chosen to again fill the office of Mayor.
His majority approximated 3200. Lead
ing Democrats In California who fancy
that their party forces can be reorganized
in time for the gubernatorial campaign
two years hence are saying that Mr. Sn-
der should receive the Democratic nom
ination for Governor. In the recent con
test for Mayor he displayed elecutionarv
qualities of a speedy style. Los Angeles
City embraces within its corporate boun
daries som* seven or eight hundred farms
and during the dawnlight and twilight
Mr. Snyder visited the farmers and solic
ited their support. The agricultural
classes of the city appreciated the Inno
vation and voted for the visitor.
Possible Candidate for Governor.
Joseph Hutchlnson, president of the Board
of Trustees of Palo Alto, presented the
report of the executive committee.
The report of a special committee on
municipal auditing was presented by
Auditor A. H. Breed of Oakland. In ac
cordance with the committee's recommen
dation, the convention adopted a resolu
tion requesting municipalities belonging to
the league to adopt the plan of uniform
annual financial reports outlined by the
committee.
At the close of the session the visitors
inspected the new Hall of Justice under
the guidance of Mayor Phelan.
MAYOR SXOW OF OAKLAND RKSPON'DIXG TO THE ADDRESS OF
WELCOME BY MAYOR PHELAN AT THE THIRD ANNUAL CON
VENTION OF THE LEAGUE OF CALIFORNIA MUNICIPALITIES.
Colonel Rawles of the Presidio selected
a site yesterday for the new brick build
ings to be built for the accommodation of
two batteries of artillery, whose duty is to
care for the big guns on the reservation.
The buildings will be located about fifty
feet from the roadway leading to Oceao
beach. Two cottages will also be built for
the accommodation of the officer^.
Nrw Quarters fcr Artillerymen
Miss Ackerman is known the world
over as a temperance missionary, a com
mission having been given her by the
world's convention of temperance workers
held at Edinburgh. In advocating the
cause Miss Ackerman has made two trlp3
around the world and is now commencing
her third. She will remain in this city
until the latter part of next week and
then depart for the Orient. She will
speak next Sunday evening at the Simp
son Memorial Church.
Arrangements were made at the meet
ing to welcome Miss Jessie Ackermann,
the temperance missionary, who will ar
rive In the city on Friday.
A REGULAR monthly meeting of
the Woman's Christian Temper
ance Union was held yesterday
afternoon at the headquarters,
122 McAllister street. Reports
were read from the delegates who at
tended the recent State convention at San
Jose and the national convention in
Washington. I). C The delegates who sent
reports are Mrj. Freeman Gray. Mrs. Or.
Southard, Mrs. General BIdwell. Miss
Mary Teats and Mrs. C. L. Williams. In
the evening a union meeting of various
denominations was held in the California
Street Methodist Church, when the action
of the House of Representatives in pass
inp the "canteen bill" was Indorsed, and
hopes expressed that the Senate would
take the same action.
Delegates Read pleasing Papers and Pre
pare to JReceiVe Famous Missionary
TEMPERANCE ADVOCATES
ARE CHEERED BY REPORTS
THE league of California Munici
palities met in its third annual
convention yesterdny afternoon
in Pioneer Halt Ses.- ions will be
held this morning and afternoon,
and to-morrow, both forenoon and afler
nocn.
The attendance at the first session was
good and a large number of additional
delegates are expected to-day. Municipal
ities were represented yesterday as fol
lows :
nakersfl«!ld— A. T. LlRhtner. City Clerk:
Berkeley— H. L. Hanscom; Chico— E. K.
Canfield. L. H. Burkett; Emeryville— T. M.
Hedger; Gtlroy— George E. Pkllllcorn; H»alds-
S-urs— II. H. Payne, J. T. CofTman: Hollisfr—
William Palmtag; Livermore — r>. J. Murphy.
Thomas Scott. City Attorney: Los Angeles-
Mayer Fred Eaton, Mayor-elect M. P. Snyder,
C. A. Toll: Mrrced— \V. H. Turner; Napa— E.
AV. Jaenpch. Counrllman: J. T. York. City At
torney: Oakland— Mayor It- W. Sncw. Auditor
A. H. Rreed: i'afadena- f\ C. Reynolds, Kd
ward C. Ungley, \V. D. Clapp; Palo Alto— Jo-
F-pph Hutchlns'on. Paul L. Culver, cnty At
torn«-y: H. W. Simi«klnF. Clerk; Petaluma.— J.
XlE.'»n; Ued IJluff— O. B. Moors; Redlar.ds— A.
K. Bmck- Redwood — A. Kincald, City Attor
ney; Riverside— C. W. Finch; Sacramento-
James H. I)o vine, Charles W. Payne: San
Francisco— Mayor James D. Phelan. Supervis
or IJravnhart; Sar. Jcce— J. D. Miner. H. L.
Partridge City Attorney; San Mateo — C. M.
Morse. C. N. Kirkbride. City Attorney; D.
Brvwnfkld, ensinofr: i~an Kafael— Henry C.
Ollke; ?anta Ana— F.dtvard Tedford, City Clerk:
Fanta Ciara— S. Oberdeener. D. O. DrulTel. H.
A Mason; Rarta Cruz — Dr. J. P. Pnrker.
Mayor: J. B. Mah^r, F. II. rtob»rtE, C. E.
GreVrfield, J. L. Sweet ; Santa Rosa— J. V.\
Kctenn. H. L. Mohley: Pau<=alito— H. J.
< - rurrpton: St. Helena— C. JC. Rlgzlns. City At
torn»>v: W'ats-mville— William A. Trafton:
Yrel;n — \V. F. Bronn.
Mayor Fhelan was introduced by the
president of the league. Mayor R. \V\
Snow of Oakland, for the address of wel
come. He said in part:
We are glad to welcome you to San Fran
cisco. Numerous conventions have been held
h»-re lately, dejllnir with Important subjects;
but in the opinion of some of us none of
them more important than the problems of mu
nicipal sovernment.
San Francisco Is n. particularly appropriate
plane for the meeting of such a convention as
thlfi. We are trying the experiment of a new
charter and everybody interested in munlcl-
pal reform Is watchlnK the practical operation
of the new law. I ehall be pleased to address
you on this subject Friday, and may be able
to enlighten you as to the . results accom
plished, for the press of San Francisco has
found only evil In the new Instrument, partic
ularly that part of the press which was most
strenuous In support of the proposed charter.
L'nder chanced conditions the facts have been
Perverted and the public misled.
Mayor Snow responded briefly. He said
In part:
It Is with genuine pleasure that I ffreet you.
representatives of the municipalities if Chii
fornla. at this your third annual convention.
The pressing present-day problems that perplex
you and disturb the municipalities you repre
sent arc given the road In the programme pre
sented to you by the committee having thla
matter In charge.
We recognize that this association Is made
up of practical workers rather than theorists,
and tho topics offered for your consideration
are essentially practical. This arrangement is
In harmony, too, with the artlclrs of our asso
ciation, whc«e purposes you know are to fos
ter the exchange of suggestions between mu
nicipalities on matters of municipal Interest:
to promote systematic collection of informa
tion relating to municipal affairs; to propose
and. so far as possible. Influence leRlt-latlon
necessary to proper municipal administration
Bnd growth, and to generally Interest the pub
lic In and advocate all Ideas tending to brinj?
the municipalities of California abreast of the
best cities of the world. This Is the object
of our association. It3 work Is exclusively to
advance public interests; to Improve the con
ditions of city life. <•
H. A. Mason of Santa Clara, secretary
of the league, read his annual report, and
tees of the late Eugene Kelly and the lli
bernia Savings and Loan Society, and at
tracted a large number of people, many
of whom are prominent in business circles.
The kail in which the sale was held was
crowded to its capacity and promptly at
nccn Auctioneer Oliver mounted the ros
tium and ccrr.m n.el the i rjceeiings. The
first piece of property to be put up- is sit
uated tit the corner of yansome and Sac
ramento streets, and Is occupied by Bone
eteil & Co.'s paper warehouse. The land
is 2t:fex.]u<j. Alter a spirited contest it was
bought Jby Jonas iSchoenfeld for JiO.OJJ.
Mr. Sschoenfeld also purchased the second
lot offend, paying $4o.1ijO lor the property
at the corner oi bansomc and Commercial
tiret'ts. o'x»L':b, the lower part ot the
ouuamg on which is occupied by the Cox
beta and 1'iaiu Company, and the upper
portion as a lodging-house.
O. D. Baldwin wat the victor in the con
test I<:r the land .situated at the corner
if tfacraxiitnto ana Montgomery streets,
4ixti8:y. "(he comtr Wits lorrm-rly occu
pied by the Donohoe-Kelly Hanking Com*
pany, ana the present tenants are i?;m
crozt, Whitney & Co. One of the' most
Mibstantial live-stcry brick buildings in
tht city is situated on the lot. and Mr.
HaJdw.r. secured the property for J41,5».
The next lot to come under the hammer
\va« "Western Addition iilock Zuri." which
Mas disposed of in various subdivisions.
1 he- block lrcnt? on Fillmore, Kddy and
\\ cfcsier streets, and consists of three iW
vara Jots. The price asked for the whole
was 140,000, but as no offer was made, the
sale proceeded In subdivisions. The cor
lifr of Killmore and Eddy streets. irTxwo.
brought tSlOO from Philip Brunswarth;
lour lots of the «ame size on Fillmore
street went to J. \V. Flinn for JlO.tiW; C.
T. Kudciph secured four lots facing on
E.ldy street, each 26:0x137:6. for Slo.COO:
J. H. McEvoy a:id S. Forster each secured
tv.o adjacent lots nf the same size for
12200, while M. Kalisky paid f?t»J for four
lots facing on Webster street, each 2T:6x
ico. i
A choice piece of property at Spear and
Howard streets. 137:6x91:8, occupied by the
Doe Lumber Company, was bid in bv O.
}'.. Martin for $40 A».
The most important sale of the day was
that of Western Addition block "'Jj, con-
FiEtlng of six 50-vara lots, bounded by
Plllmore. Eddy, Wcr-stor and Turk
Ftrects. The Vilock is leased as a whole
until March. 1W2. at 5375 jier month, and Is
occupied for business purposes. The bid
dir.s: cj.. ned at 130.000 and rapidly ad
vanced until it finished with a bid of $103.
<**} from G. \V. Osborne, representing John
V. Hoyd, the Nevada capitalist, who se
cured the property amid applause.
Hobbs, Wall & Co. boupht the property
at Brale and Bryant streets, on which
their box factory it? situated, paying $40,
(**» for the lot. which Is 27^x137:6.
The northwest corwr -of Ratterj- and
Merchant streets. <<7x72. sold for IC1.000.
the purchaser beinc Hcnr>- E. Bothin of
the- Judson Iron Works.
A. S. Baldwin purchased the lot at the
corner of Fourteenth and Stevenson
streets. 75x7^. for $C2M. Two Iot3, 25x100,
<105 and 4115 Twentieth street, were bought
for $2r>00 each by Miss Agnes Dunn and
Mrs. M. T. Kflly. J. W. Flinn paid $2000
for a ijx75 lot. 2S1 Shipley street. A.
Bchaefer was successful in securing 2311
Mission street. 31x122. for $5000, while Wil
liam Feehan paid a similar sum for a lot
9Jx«>9 situated on Grove street, near
Gough.
A jump was made in tht prices of the
rext lots put up for sale, $12,000 being paid
by Shainwald, Buckbee & Co. for four
lots on Valencia street, near Fourteenth,
each lot being E.'xl'X).
Siller Bros, were successful in secur
ing 710 to 716 Broadway, between Stockton
and Powell. 7^x137. on which are three
frame dwellings and a brick stable build
ing, the price paid being fir!. 900.
Attorney J. Harrison purchased a lot
S'xl27 on Washington street, near Central
avenue, for 507r>0. L. Mclntosh paid JjOX)
for 25x100. *22 Valencia street, a business
corner vrlth improvements, and th«? sale
closed with the purchase by Mrs. M. Sul
livan of a 2*>x!00 lot on Castro street, near
States, for HO00L
A lot at Gougta and Filbert streets. 13."x
ir.5. was withdrawn, as the bids did noi
r'fioh the reserve price of $7200. Other
withdrawals for the same reason were of
lots at Elizabeth end Castro streets. Mar
ket street, near Sanchez, and Castro
str^«t, near Market.
All the purchasers were called upon to
pay 10 per cent of the purchase price im
mediately after the sale of the property.
being $510,350.
The sale was held by order oJ the trus-
Large Crowd Attends and Big: Prices
Are Bid for Choice City Prop
erty That Is Of
fered.
. \
One of the largest auction sales of real
estate which has occurred in San Fran
cisco for many ye:irs took place y&ster
day, when the rcsJ property in this city
ot the late Eugene Kelly of New York
was disposed ot under the hammer at
therman. Clay &. Co.'s hall by Auctioneer
B. r. Oliver, the total amount of the salo
The Total Proceeds of the
Sale by Auction Is
$510,350.
EUGENE KELLY'S
REAL ESTATE IS
DISPOSED OF
A wise wife increases her hold on her
husband by' holding her tongue occasion
ally.
Indications every where < point to great pros
perity for the coming year. This Is a sign of
a healthy nature. The success of a country, as
well as of an Individual, depends upon health.
There can be no health If the stomach Is weak.
If you have any stomach trouble try Hostetter's
Stomach Bitters, which cures dyspepsia. Indi
gestion and biliousness. Obtain our 'Almanac
for 1301— free. It contains valuable Information.
Prosperity for 1901.
Lewis Peters, formerly boatswain of the
steamer San Juan, was sentenced yester
day by. United States District Judge de
Haven to one year'j imprisonment at
hard labor In San Qutntin and to pay a.
line of $100. Peters pleaded guilty to "the
charge of having stabbed William Shan
ahan, a sailor, on the high seas last Oc
tober.
Lewis Peters Gets One Year.
MISS JESSIE ACKERMAN, WHO
IS CIRCLING THE GLOBE AD
VOCATING TEMPERANCE.
FOUR LIVES ARE
LOST I N A WRECK
Disaster to Great Northern
Passenger Train in
Montana.
BUTTE, Mont., Dec. 12.— A special from
Great Falls to the Miner says: Great
Northern passenger train No. 3. west
bound, was wrecked about 4 o'clock this
rr-crnlng near Brockton, eighty-one miles
east of Glasgow. Four passengers are re
ported killed and many injured. The
cause of the wreck Is said to have been
a broken rail. Railroad officials here ciaim
not to have any information of the acci
dent.
Later information states that the train
was running about forty-live miles an
hour, making up lost time, when a truck
broke down while passing a switch. The
engine and three cars passed > over In
safety, but the next four cars pitched
over an embankment. Three sleepers re
mained on the rails. The dead are:
AGED WOMAN, name unknown.
HER DAUGHTER.
MRS. "WATSON, residence unknown,
thrown through window, glass severing
her jugular vein.'
RUSSIAN CHILD, name unknown.
The bodies have been taken to Glasgow,
where the inquest will be hold to-morrow.
In the Divorce Court.
Decrees of divorce were granted yester
day to Bertha Korn from Seymour B.
Korn for desertion, and Rosinl Brandli
from Gottlieb Brandli for desertion. Suits
for divorce have been filed by Camden
Rodinger against Estella Redinger for
cruelty, and Elsie Petersen against Ben
jamin Petersen for cruelty. .y^-.y
The only thine that Is worse than hear
ing a woman- whistle Is seeing her try.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 13, 1900.
Third Annual Convention of the League of California Municipalities in
Session at Pioneer Hall — Mayor Phelan Welcomes the Delegates
and Mayor R. W. Snow of Oakland Delivers the President's Address.
CITY OFFICIALS MEET TO DISCUSS
PROBLEMS OF MUNICIPAL REFORM
There were several propositions made as
to the disposal of the surplus, but after
a prolonged discussion it was decided to
ripfer action in regard to that until the
Fiaenbaum suit should be determined.
At a meeting of the Native Sons' 9th
of September celebration committee held
last night there wa^ presented a report
of the cost of the celebration of the fif
tieth anniversary of the admission of
California into the Union. The report
showed collections of $19,041 55; disburse
ment, not including \x few small bills about
which there is some difference and which
the auditing committee will have to ad
just, ?4i;,3TG 14. There is still in bank
$2tr74 41, of which S"_'0OO Is attached In an
action brought by Flgenbaum on account
of an alleged contract for otttcial flags.
The principal items of expense were:
Decorations, $1T,3iJ4 31; parade. $5912 55;
i.uvai pura.de, $1537 70; entertainment,
J4332 2G; general expenses, J19S2 40; halls
and headquarters, $1551 99.
bilee of California's Admission
Is Set Forth.
Cost of Celebrating the Golden Ju-
NATIVE SONS PRESENT
A REPORT TO DATE
George Gallagher testified that Dr. John
Gallagher, who performed the autopsy on
Early yesterday morning- Attorney
Schooler for the defense took Captain of
Detectives Seymoui in hand. In cross
examination he had the witness at SOX
Guerrero street, upstairs; then down at
the Linckll House; then looking over the
roof of the woodsheds at the house on
Guerrero street, down to the City Hall and
then back to the Lindell House. Schooler
did his best to rattle Seymour, but the
detective has had many experiences on th©
witness stand.
"May It please the court, we rost our
case," said Attorney Hosmer for the pros
ecution in the Hoff trial yesterday after
noon in Judge Cook's courtroom. This
morning the" defense will take the center
of the stage and try to prove Koffs in
nocence of the charge of murdering Mrs.
Cluto at 8C3 Guerrero street on December
15, 18S7.
Edwin R. Clute was the last witness
for the prosecution. He heard of his wife's
murder the day after the tragedy while
traveling in Nevada. He immediately left
for this city. Since the murder he had
married again. He never saw Hoff until
the defendant was charged with the crime.
The jury will go out to the scene of the
crime some day this week. Holt and all
persons Interested In the case will go
along.
5
CALIFORNIA NOrtTGWESTERN RY. CO.
SAN FRAHGiSGO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
T1BUROX FERRY— FOOT OP MARKET ST.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS-7:3O. J:00. 11:00 a. m.; 13:35, i.JO,
5:10, 6:30 p. ra. Thursdays— Extra trip at 11:3>)
p. m. Saturdays— Extra trtpa at 1:M and
11:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a, m. ; 1:30. 3:30. 5:00.
6:20 p. m.
Son Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— «:10. 7:50. »:20. U:l» a. m.: 12:45.
3:40. 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trlpa at X:iS
and 6:3i p. m.
EUNDAYS-S:10. 9:40, 11:10 a. m. ; 1:40. 3:40. 5:05.
1:25 Q. in.
Between San Francisco and Schnetzan Park.
tarn* schedule aa above.
Leave I In Effect I AitIto
Ban Frar.clgco. f Nov. 7. 19C0. | San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I I 9ua- 1 W«k'
Days. ( days. I Destination. [ days. I Day*.
T:*0 am! 8:00 am Novato. 10:i<> am| S:40 am
1:20 prn) 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pnt|10:25 am
1:10 pm; 8:00 pm 8anta Ko«a. 7:3J pm; 8:22 pm
Fulton.
7:10 am Windsor. 10:23 an
lleaMsburj.
Lytton.
Geyservllle.
1:30 pnj S:0O am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm •:22 pm
7:33 ami I Hopland I I
I 8:00 am! and l.'klah. | 7:35 pmf 8:22 pm
7:30 ami I I (10:23 am
I t:00am Gu<>mevlU>. j 7:33 pm
3:30 pm] j I j «:22 pm
7:20 am 1 8:00 am! Bonoma I 9 :li ami 8:40 aru
i and J
5:10 pml 5:C0 pm! Glen Ellen. I «:05 pml «:22 pm
7:30 ami 8:CO am! 110:40 am|10:2N am
8:30 pmf S:00 pm| Sebastopol. I 7:K pmj «:22 pm
Staires connect at Santa Rosa for Marlt West
Errlnjis and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altruria; at Lyttcn for Lytton Springs; \t
Oeyservtlle for Skaggs Springs; at Clov«rdal«
tor the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Spring*. Highland Springs. Xe'.seyvllte. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda liay. Uakspcrt and Bartlett
Springs; at dctah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga.
Sprlmca, Ulue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside, Llerley's. Eucknelfsw
Sanhedrin Heights." Hullvll!«. Orr"s Hot Springs.
Mer.aocino City. Fort Bragtr. We*tport. UsaL
WlUets Laytonvtle. Cumm'.nsw. B«-lrs Sprlnes.
Harris Olser.s. Dyer, Scotia and. Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays, round-trip tickets to all points
bevond San Rafael at hall rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market St.. Chronicle build.
jp,<- R. 3C. RYAN.
U. C WHITING. Con- Ps"»- Act.
G*n. Mana:»r.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry. '-,.';
. CommecdcK September 3U. 1904.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEX
AND SAN RAFAEL,
WEEK DAYS— «:55w *9:15. 11:00 a. m.. *l:»a,
1:13. 4:00. 5:15. ?ii:lS. «:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS-For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays and S*t-
urt'ays at 9:00 and 11:33 p. ra.
SUNDAYS— »S:00. -10:M. *VL:& a. m^, »U1
I:iC. *•:«, i:30. 9:00 p. rn.
Trains marked (*) run to San Quenttn.
FROM SAN RAFAEL. TO BAN FRANCI3CCC
WEEK DAYS— 5:20, »«:30, 7:43. »:30 a. m*
•12:30. 1:45. »3:30. 4:30. 3:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
an.1 Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:20 p. m.
SUXDAYS-6:20. »S:00. 10:00. tt-.a a. m_
•1:40. *2:15. 4:45. »«:30 p. m.
Train* marked (*) start from San Quenttn.
FROM MILL. VALLEY TO SAN FRANCI3CO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:45. «:45. 7:55, 9:30 a. m..
12:35, J:10. 1:30. 4:54. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. rn.
SUNDAYS-* :05. 10:05 a. m.. 12:05. 2M. J:3».
B:0O. C:45 p. rn.
THROUGH TRAINS.
. 8:55 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. - " •
1:45 p. m. Saturdays — "Female* and «iy sta-
tions.
1:00: a. m. Sundays— Toznales and way it*.
tlons.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leaves San Franc!3co. via Sausalito F»rry:
WEEK DAYS....9:1> a. m. ; 1:45 and 4:0O p. m.
SUNDAYS 8:C0. 10:00. 11:30 and 1:15 p. m.
Fare, San Francisco to Summit and Return.
$1 4i>.
NEW TAVERN* OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPE>f.
I T'cket offices. 621 Market St.. Saunaltto Ferry.
[«¦
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
(»1!J) KE.IK.VY ST. Establishe<t
lii IS34 for the treatment nt Prirata
PNousp... I.nst Mantiood. Dehi.ity or
list-us.' wearlngrnn body and mind an.l
skin IJisenstes. The Doctor cures when
others fall. Try him. Charges low.
('nreairnaritntevit. Call or write.
Dr. J. i\ (<IKUI)>, asm rrancisco, Cal.
wiifflr call $1.00 prM,
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
NOIITIIKKX I*A«'IVI«: I'«MI PA ST.
iPAOiriC HYSTKM.)
MAN I'll* !*«¦•«*«'«».
(Main Li:ie, Foot of Market Street.)
lkavx — From D'ccwbe?. X, 1900. — abbivb
•TsVOa B-"lcia. BuUnn, Elinln. V»ca»i:ie.
. Cnms«7 »u<l H»cr»men«o *7il.1r
•7«0»» Shurta Exprpss-Darls. WlUIim»(for
Iiartlctt SprioKi), Willows, lls.l
Bluff. PorUaui... itiZt
•7 :3»» Martinez. Sail Ramon. Vullejo. N»p»,
Oalistnf a and Santa Itnw ¦•>¦•»
•SiOOa Da?is, Woodland. Kni;ht3 Landing,
MarjrsTille. Orfitllle.. *7ll5f
•NiOOa Atlantln K i press— < Men and Eut «2i«3»
<8:OUA Nile*. Lireroore. Tracy. Lathrop,
Stockton *7sl5r
••¦UUa Sail .lime, I.ltrriiK-rr, StiKkton.
lone, .Sacramento, FUcrrfille,
M»r>Mll!e. <;iilci, \>\ Ittnrr •lildp
•*:S<IA Oakilali-. Chinese. hKJiiora. Carters... *4:l.tr
•tii«o* H»Twartls. Nil.a and War suit loin. *¦ •«*•"»»
•UiO«a Los Angelet Exprean — Martiurx,
Tracy, (<aUirop. Stocktou, Alrrc-il
Kremiuanil I.cb Anjole* *'*il3r
•maOA ValliJ-.. Martinez MM Way Hkatlou* # ail!»P
• IOiUOa Th« Overland Limited— Ozilon. Den-
ier. Omaba. ChK»».» ••:4»r
•II:OOa Nil-s, Stockton, .-la.wam-nto, Men-
dota, Kruan, llaiiford, Viialia,
lYrterfllle *lil»p
•II:OO» LiTcrm-ire. S»ng«r. O.wh-n luna-
tion. DiksrsUeld. Ix>s Augelea
tlioor S:irritniPiit» Kit er Sit.i.irn tSiOn*
•:»:»i»p Ha;wanl». Nile and Way Htmtiont. *ai«»r
*l:«i»r Murtliit-/, San lUmoa. Vallejo,
Na|»i. t/'alUtoKR. Santa Itnsa •l»i|!»»
•liuur Uouiclu. Wlnttw. 8aeram«nto.
>Vii,.,IIhi..I, UuiiihU lADdlng,
Mir>t.»lll-. Orofille •«oi«r»»
•liSOr H«yw*nla, Mlea ami S;m -lo«e |At«»»
•3:00p Ni.cs. Llrennore M*l Btorktm *10:I3a
n3:00p 3in»tt Limited, 111 Paso, New
Orle»3sand F'.ast. c1«:13a
••¦»:«« pTIic Owl Uinlted— Traejr. Krrauo.
lUiterslielil, Kaugus fur .Santa Bar-
bara, I .us Auenlrs.... • 1 0 1 1 ."i *
•5:O«p New OrlMtof Express— r.aheiaflnltl.
Santa lUrlxtta. 1.im AngMea. l>«-m-
ItiK. f.l fua. New Orleans aud
Ka«t *7.I!»«
¦«:OOr Ha^trardi, Nile* and Man Jus; *7il*»
<«iOOr Vallejo 'llrllA
•BiO»r Oriental M ill— Ot Ion. Cbeyenue.
Omaha. Chlcneu "JtilSp
•e.-l»l>r Odontal Mall— Ogdeo, Pen»er,
Oinsba. C!:ica«(O • I s I .¦» r
•7:OOp Oregon and UalKoniU Kxi>r«M,N*o-
raiiieiitn. Maryntlllii. U.xt.l t >. K .
foikl...,.!. 1'nsfft HomkI ami Kaat a 8s14A
•Min.ipSan r*b'.o. Port Ooita. Mtrtiaex
ami Way .Stations •lli«.'V*
t*»05r V«ll-j'i »lllta\
ClUSl IMVIMON (Marroit <J«n«x).
y >'«¦¦¦•; <r'w.t ot Alurket .Strerl.>
*Hilt»A Newark, U>iilrriUle..Saii .loso, Fi4ton.
Jlouider Crt ek.Sii.ta Otnx and Way
MUtlotm ••«»•?
tail -1p Newark Ceiitertille. San .lose. Nnw
Almaileii, F-. :ti>n, llonlder Ureek,
Bant* l.'rnx ami 1'riueipa! Way
S'jiUoiiS fll»i!H»»
••lil.ip Newark. H»>i .Ir>^«, LosGaUM •«i-'H»a
al»:.(>|. Hunters' Excursion, San Jos? and
Way *t<tio-)« I'star
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rnaStl rHUCISCO— FmI «f Market SUiiH!iU> SI—
t7:15 9.00 11:00*. H. 1:33 3:S3 S'B3r.M.
fr»iaOHI.»HB_r.il .: l!r-»d«.j.— t'i 00 f).«'O ISiOS
10:00a.m. 12:03 3:33 4:33 'S.^r.u.
COAST DIVISION (Ur'naiHiani;*).
(Tlilr.l i.mi Tpnrmen.t St*) _,
t«: I tttdcnii View, Mouth Man KrauciMOi.. 1H:3«p
*7:OOa Man .lone »ml Way ,suli»n« (New
AI.i.i.Imi We.lne«dajsonly) *lt3Up
•»¦««» Han .line. Trr. Pimm. H»nta Crux.
l'acilic «lnifs. I'aa-t Kultlea. San
. l.nU OMnpo, Hnrf. I.oiupoc ami
l'rineliml Way SUtluns »4«IOp
•imiiu Han .loss and Way HUtluna •hci.i*
•I I::|i»a Han .Irani and Way .Stations •Si.'litp
t-4il.-li-.Hnii .Ma ten. Itedwood. Menlo Park.
1 l'alo Alto. Santa Clara, !S«n .loae,
Tres I'liios. s«nt« Cmr, Sailuiis.
Montfrrjaii.l facille «iro»» <lln:i«v
f» : n«P San .l.isi. and Way .St*llo..« **•?•»
tlziap 8an J. >««»•¦. I Principal <V»j (Uatlou f U:<'»
t3:i»ttpSan Jose. Lo* GatoJ and Principal
WaySUilom : «9:0'»a
•.V.t(»r San.losean-i Principal Way Statlmi* *»:.'»^a
•«i:Ui»p Hiu, .l.>s;aml Way .Stati.wi* ?»!*••'
qll:ir.r Slit .l.a»-..ii.l Way Stttl.nn '*:3'»>
A for JIor;iinj J* tut Aftinwon.
•Diily • >iin.l«r «iwi>t»<l ; Mmdii ouiy
g Mondays WeJoenbj*. Frldayi.
(Tut d<y«.Thur*dar«. Sand ys.
a satnrnay oi>l-
Santa Fe
Trains— cany
Leave Morlc«t-stre«t Ferry 1>doC
£t# San Francisco. 9:00 a m|«:10 p ml 1:00 p ns
An. Stockton «:3" P m T-U P m U:0S p ra
» Merced *=« P » 1:U * »
- Kn-Vno «:W P «» » : ?5 » a
- Vl»all» «:00pm «:j0 a ra
- Tulare ......... <:K P ra * :1 ° • n*
- Hanford «:» p m 7:06 a m
•• Bakersfleld ... 9:60 pm 7:30 am
" Denver 10:0C » m -
•« Kansas City... 5:11 P a
-¦ Chicago t:W»n
a a.-m train Is th« Overland Rxpresa. Corra-
•pondtns- train arrty«» at. 6 p. m. dally.
4:10 p E It Stockton Local. Corresponding
train arrives 11:05 a. m. dally.
1:00 p. m. Is Fresno find Bakenrfletd Kxprtia,
with SlcepInK Care for both cities. Correspcnd*
Ins train arrives at 8 a. m. dally.
OFFICES— «<1 Market it. «ad In Ferry Dvpofc
JbuvriancUco: 1US Broadway. Oakland,
BAIXXOAD TRAVEL.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE DUTY OF MOTHERS.
What suffering frequently results
from a mother's ignorance ; or moro
frequently from a mother's neglect to
properly instruct her daughter !
Tradition says "woman must suf-
fer," and young women are so taught.
There is a little truth and a great deal
of exaggeration in this. If a young
woman suffers severely she needs
treatment, and her mother should see
that Bhe gets it.
Many mothers hesitate to take their
daughters to a physician for examina-
tion ; but no mother need hesitate to
¦write freely about her daughter or
herself to Mrs. Pinkham and secure
the most efficient advice without
charge. Mrs. Pinkham's address is
Lynn, Mass.
Mrs. August Pfalzgraf, of South
Byron, Wis., mother of the young lady
whose portrait we here publish, wrote
Mrs. Pinkham in January, 1899, saying
her daughter had suffered for two
years with irregular menstruation —
had headache all the time, and pain in
her side, feet swell, and was generally
miserable. Mrs. Pinkham promptly
replied with advice, and under date of
March, 1899, the mother writes again
that Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound cured her daughter of all
pains and irregularity.
Nothing- in the world equals Mrs.
Pinkham's frrent medicine for regu-
l.itincr woman's peculiar monthly
troub 1 --
?o*o-*o-»- o*-o-*o ? o-*o>o-»-o-»-o*o-%
? mi *
T «^ rvasa ______ ?
o • # o
I m a^ ura! Mineral Water |
4 KJgfll known fi«r centuries and +
O £§§& impo-.ed 0
? -flO& ONLY IN BOTTLES. ?
X infc^fik *' Or Disordered Stomach ' ?
? $&§f§&5 ina Indigestion J
9 SS^^SCylts Talue his been tsstl- O
o "tZsZSFSS fi ' a *° b * thousands. «
? VICHY** bo-called Vichy In Sy. J
o ifeisyl IS N0T vichy - °
?'"lOljplI ' Qet tho Genuine. *
O |g»fc«*ig|f A . VIQHIER, Distributing Agiot J
? O-*-O-»O *-O*-O*O ? O-»-©-»-O ¦•¦©?O*-O-»
Ti}Btt&£X^f t ' a ' ves> Iotlon!< . com-
Jsr-SsSSgjffiHkflSSiSl 5 " "Quack" operation*.
H —^5^v*-^"'DR- Pl^KC=:'S MAGNETIC
fl /m\ ELECTRIC TRUSS" Is dlf-
B //yv fe ent It does the worl^l
*¦ C7 "BOOKLET NO. 1" give*
r full Information. Call or write
3gSpai<fflSSS for ¦ It.-«3P=«»*
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.
620 Market 8t. (opp. Palace Hotel). 1 S. F.
OPEN EVENINGS, {
ART GOODS |
MAGNIFICENT STOCK
BRIC-A-BRAC, VASES,
PAINTINGS. PICTURES,
lgR' Vr '/ STATUARV, ORNAMENTS,
; FINE CHl.iA and GLASSWARE
Ijigf I RICH CUT GLASS,
Sg=3 ELECTRIC LIGHT STATUARY,
W-[ ART FURNITURE.
3 : V Immense variety of fine Art Xoveltles
jtfc~ selected from the different Art Centers of
Europe and America and from this year'*
I'prls Exposition.
; ffippj S. & G, GUMP CO.,
H||p Jy 113 CEARY STREET.BREATHING AIR— K. W. G.. City. In
co'mmon life, at the easy average of eight
pen to twenty Inspirations a minute, • an
ordinary man will Inhale and exhale a
bulk of air amounting to about 4000 gallons
In twenty-four hours. If undergoing? vio
lent exertion, he would require much more
than that.
WAR WITH SPAIN— P.; City. The Re
publican and the Democratic vote for war
with Spain in Congress was as follows:
Senate, 29 Re publicans . for, 17 against; 33
Democrats for. 1 against. In the House.
IAS Republicans for. 8' against; 108 Demo
crats for, 18 against.
VOTE IN INDIANA— P. R. B.. Pacheco.
Cal. The popular vote for McKinley In
Indiana In 1S95 was 323,754, that of Bryan
was 3*15.57.?. of Palmer 2143. of Levering
30&6. of. Bradley 2267 and of Matchctt 224.
ANSWEKS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
Thtp costume, for mornlnK outdoor wear,
is of navy blue serge. The skirt fastens
behind beneath three wide pleats. The
Jacket, which •barely reaches the hips, -m
pointed In front and ornamented with old
silver buttons. The collar, yoke and
jacket are embroldorprl with black braid.
BLUE SERGE COSTUME.
Sailing under false colors are all cheaa ar.d
poisonous domestic sur>stitutes of PR. SIE
GERT'S Angostura Bitters, the rreat South
American tonic.
MOROCCO AND OURSELVES.
WHILE the country is without a single dissent
ing voice' supporting President McKinley in
all he is doing to obtain from Morocco re
dress and indemnity for the murder of an American
.citizen in that country, it is worth while to remember
the President is also trying to grant redress to Italy
for the murder of certain Italians by lynch law in this
country. Consistency requires that we should give
him as much support in the one case as in the other.
In his message to Congress the President, after re
viewing the killing of the Italians by a mob and the
failure of all efforts to bring the guilty parties to jus
tice, said: "I renew the urgent recommendations I
made last year that Congress appropriately confer
rpon the Federal courts jurisdiction in this class of
international cases where the ultimate responsibility
of the Federal Government may be involved, and I
invite action upon the bills to accomplish this which
were introduced in the Senate and the House." Con
tinuing the same subject, the President added:
"Lj-nching must not be tolerated in a great and civil
ized country like the United States; courts, not
mobs, must execute the penalties of the law. Th-i
preservation of public order, the right of discussion,
the integrity of the courts and the orderly administra
tion of justice must continue forever the rock of
safety upon which our Government securely rests."
We have of course a good claim for redress from
.Morocco. Marcus Ezagui, a naturalized citizen of
this country, was murdered at Fez last June, and a5
the Government of Morocco made no effort to pun
ish the guilty parties or to offer any reparation for
the crime, our Government has a just right to demand
redress and indemnity. We are powerful enough to
send warships to Morocco and compel compliance.
with our demands. Why should not our Government
have an equal power to compel redress for murder of
an alien done by lynch law in any portion of its own
territory?
It is certainly clear from the developments of the
part year that something will have to be done to ar
rest the tendency toward exercise of lynch law in va
rious parts of the United States. The Federal couts
of course could not interfere, except, as the President
points out. in cases where the lynching affects inter
national obligations, but even when confined to such
casrs one or two examples of the punishment of lynch
crs would have a wholesome effect upon the public
mind.
This feature of the President's message should not
be overlooked in the pressure of material interests
before Congress and the country. In fact, the very
efforts we are now making to obtain redress from
fomi-barbarous countries like Morocco and Turkey
ought to have the effect of rousing American senti
mrnt against that relic of barbarism and savagery
which exists among us in the form of lynching.
OF David Bennett Hill it may be slid that, like a
cat, he has nine lives. Just how many times
he has been politically killed we cannot sta'e
; with accuracy, for we have mislaid our tally sheet, but
I it is evident the full number of his lives has not been
j exhausted, for we learn from our New York ex
¦ changes that he has come back to politics.
The reason for Hill's return to activity at this time
i is the fight the reformers have started against Croker.
! It is stated that Hill's friends in New York City will
' cordially support the icform committee of fifteen and
I do all in their power to advance the anti-Tammany
: movement. Their efforts, however, will be directed
i rot so much against Tammany itself as against the
j boss. The New York Post says: "They are already
working in several Assembly districts to stir up a re
volt against Croker mlc, and they will join heartily
any movement that promises the downfall of the
boss* of Tammany Hall. Whether they will try to
form another Democratic organization in the city has
not yet been determined. Just now they believe that
co-operation with a citizens' movement is the best
! means of accomplishing the purpose they have in
> view, but later it may be decided that another organi
zation should be formed."
According to some authorities Hill is after biy
stakes. He is fighting not only to revenge the wrongs
of the past, but to prepare a way for future glory.
! Once more aspirations for the Presidency have re
! vived in his breast, and he believes the defeat of Bryan
! has given him an opportunity to gratify that ambition.
To achieve his desire he must have the support of
New York Democracy, but he cannot get that so Ion.-?
as Croker rules Tammany. Hence Mr. Hill has be
come a fierce reformer and has taken to the warpath
i with tomahawk and scalping-knife.
If there be any foundation for these reports the
| question of the reorganization of Democracy is to be
i taken out of the domain of idle discussion and con
j verted into something like a scrapping match. The
first round in the contest will be the attempt to over
; throw Croker's domination in New York, and then,
! if that be successful, there will follow the effort to or-
I n«nize New York City Democracy under a different
• leadership from that of Tammany. Each of thess
contests will be among the liveliest of the coming
year and will start the new century on a red-hot
i career.
¦ Not the least interesting feature of the reports \%
'the announcement that Hill is to "make thefight in
THE CflT COflVES BACK.
Laiiifs and children trawlins without escort
appreciate the advantage c* a sr»i!<i vnttbsttd
tr»in like "The Overland ¦LImlt»(i," runnln?
through from Pan Franc!»co to Chlca*^. wlth
©ut charge. IX LESS THAX THREE DATS.
Lecvir.c San Francisco dally at 10 a. m.. via
Ctntral Pacific, Union Pacific an<i Chicago and
Northwestern reilwSjm
For All Time to Come.
It Is the Route To-Day, and Will B3
IT WAS THE ROUTE IN 491
The Seattle murderer who annihilated almost an
entire family now weeps bitterly and long in jail. He
is probably sorpy that he did hot have time enough to
kill the rest of his intended victims. /
Lord Salisbury has declared that the people uf
South Africa may not be given power of s*elf-govern
nient for generations. The Premier must believe in
leaving a heritage of war to the British nation.
. If the nihilistic scoundrel who threw a bomb into a
Harvard auditorium were caught he might have
serious cause to' remember what -a liberty-possessing
people think of the criminal license of his creed.
Paul Kruger has decided that^ he will make
no further effort to secure the intervention of Europ-.
When a fellow discovers that his friends have trou
bles of their own he generally keeps the story of his
own to himself. V i:/: : .
The Colombian rebels are becoming objects of ac- !
tual concern. As long as they fired at one another i
they were engaged in a pastime to which = no reason- j
able person could object. But now they are attacking \
outsiders and are .likely to learn that war is not a ;
fool's game. i
The opening session of Parliament demonstrate! j
that whatever else may be said of Secretary Chamber- j
lain, he is no coward. A man who can with impunity
meet the attack of the most brilliant men in the Com
mons should have the portfolio of war as well as of the
Inspired by the very essence of courtesy, the author- j
ities of Seattle have loaned a prisoner to the Canadian I
officials. If the gentlemen want to borrow any more
they should not forget that we have San Quenttn and
will not only lend a few but give them away.
Money seems to know neither nationality nor pa
triotism. One of the freaks of immigration intended
for New York is a oolony of Boer sellers, driven
from their homes by British guns and supported in
founding their new home by British gold.
The favorite aid de camp of the Shah of Persia has'
crossed the seas to inspect our institutions and criti
cize our civilization. It is to be'hoped that he will
not make the same atrocious show of himself to ns
as did his royal master to the Parisians.
The authorities at Victoria have canceled, on the
ground of fraud, the applications of 3000 Japanese for
citizenship and naturalization. The little brown men
should have remembered that meekness is the badge
of deceit as well as of, docility.
The diamond tooth craze seems to be in
creasing and a New York dentist declares
he Fimply piled up orders during his stay
in the French capital. "
Mark Hopkins Institute of Art.
Exhibition closes and last concert takes
place this (Thursday) evening. •
Special Information supplied daily to
bi.sir.esa houses and public men by t^a
txehs clipping Bureau <AUer."s>. Moa:
fctijicry •:. J«?!ephor.e Main 11H2. •,
Towrsend's California glace fruits. 50c a
pound. In fire-etched boxes or Jap. bas
kets. A nice present for Eastern friendj.
bS3 Market street. Palace Hotel building. •
Ex. strong hoarhound candy. Townsend'a.'
Choice candle?. Tow.T^er.d's.P.iiace Ho:?..
W. G. Irwln, millionaire Honolulu plan
ter, who, with his family, have been ab
sent from their island home for more
than a year, spending part of the time
here and part in foreign travel, returns
to Honolulu to-d.iy on the new steamship
Sierra. Mr. Irwln' s family will remain in
San Francisco and the children will at
tend school here. The family will join
Mr. Irwin next May. and In October all
will return to San Francisco to perma
nently occupy the palatial residence which
Mr. Irv.in is now having built in this city.
Rev. A. A. Morrison and wife of Port
land are at the Occidental.
Jonathan C. Royle and wife of Salt Lake
City are at the Occidental.
Mrt>. Scott McKeon registered from Los
Angeles at the Palace yesterday.
Mr. and Mrs. Chapman and son of Syd
ney. Australia, are at the Palace.
Peter Kngel. a Marysvllle jeweler, was
among yesterday's arrivals at the Lick.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Dr. J. E. Cohn and wife of Napa are at
the Grand. 1
Milton McWhlrter. a Kern County oil
man. is at the Grand.
The South should quit this game of relying on tht
North to care for its business interests, in spite of the
virulent opposition of its politicians. It is not for
the good of that section or of the country that men of
modern ideas like Bayard. Carlisle and Caffery. Gray
and Lindsay are rotten-egged out of politic; to mak;
room for weaklings whose ideas have not yet caught
"up with the prerevolutionarj- and colonial period.
. The Clay politics of Georgia does not even exhibit
fossils. It is too remote for such evidences that h
was the matrix of life.
One must resort to the nomenclature of geology to
describe the eocene politics of the South as it stands
in contrast to the modern spirit of Southern business
t-r.terprise.
In this emergency Governor Candler. Governor
Bioxham and the other State officials and people of
the South Atlantic seaboard and Gulf must look to
the North and to their political opponents for the
votes to effectuate the policy required by their inter
ests. Reasonable men in the South must see the in
utility of this game of cross purposes. Their busi
ness interests have common lot and common cause
with those of the North and the whole country,
while their politicians continue to get and hold office
by opposition to those interests.
But uhile thi* enlightened and. as Governor Can
(i'er calls it, "patriotic movement" is froing on. the
cie^rgrin Senator, Mr. Clay, is holding the attention
oi the Senate to violent speeches in opposition to
Federal encouragement of ship-building. The coun
try is likely to be witness of a singular spectacle —
Southern business men and State officials holding n\
the South a congress to promote a policy which is
opposed by the Southern members of Congress,
though declared to be vastly to the advantage of the
States arid people they represent!
nr'HE Governor of Georgia has called a Maritime
G.'iigre^ to meet' in his State next month. Its
* purpose i? to promote Congressional action for
the encouragement of bhip-building. The Governor's
irotto in the enterprise is, "American ships for
American cargoes." and the policy which is to secure
this is also to locate here the manufacture of ships
foi sale, making <hip-building, as it should be, one
of our great national industries. All of the maritime
States^ and probably the lake States also, will re
spond to Governor Candler's call and send delegates
to the Brunswick congress.
GEORGIA DIVIDED.
GENERAL MEAGHER-N. S.. City.
General Thomas Francis Meagher was not
made "a full citizen of the United State3
within thirty-six hours after landing in
Now York from Ireland." In the first
place, the general did not land in New
York from Ireland, and in the second
place, he could not. under the naturaliza
tion law?, have become a citizen within
that time. The party with whom you
have had a contention probably means
that the general declared his intention to
brcome a citizen of the United State**
within thirty-six hours after landtnsr In
New York City, in May, 1S52, from Tas
mania.
HOOSE IN CATTLE— W. P. B.. Lang
lois. Or. Hnnse la a disease incident to
cattle, especially in calves, characterized
by a husky cough, loss of appetite drv
muzzle, rough coat and staring, quick
ened respiration, the horns hot. but the
car?, nose and eyes cold and bowels con
stipated. It is caused by the filling of the
bronchial tubes and air passages with
hnir-like white worms, the eggs of which
are found on the grass in damp pastures
The following is the Farmer's Encyclope
dia remedy for the hoose: "Oil of turpen
tine. 1 ounce: linseed oil. 3 to 1 ounces; and
powdered ginger. 1 dram. Mix; repeat
at intervals of a week, as often as may be
necessary."
A COMMA-T. E. \V.. City. Many rules
bare been laid down for the use of the
comma in writing. Probably the best is,
place a comma before and arter a word or
phrase to associate it with the group to
which it belongs, if. without the comma,
the sentence would be equivocal; and gen
erally a comma may be Inserted wherever
its. use will prevent ambiguity.
TO ASK A VOTER— Subscriber. Bishop.
Cal. At the election held on the 6th of
November. 1900. if r\ voter was properly
registered the only questions the board of
election officers in the precinct at which
he offered his vote would ask would be his
name and his residence. If challenged the
questions would depend on the nature of
the challenge.
WOOD AND COAL— Subscriber. Oak
land. Cal. Wood is the least efficient of
the combustibles on account of the great
amount of water it contains that must be
converted into steam, while coal is the
most efficient. Dry wood, when burned,
evqlves. on an average. 3600 heat units,
and bituminous coal an average of 7300
heat units.
MOUNTAIN'S— J. M. F., Taylor, Cal.
The longest range of mountains in the
world Is the Andes. The two highest
mountains in the world are Sit. Hercules
in the Stanley Range in the southeastern
part of New Guinea. 32.7S6 feet, and Mt.
Kverest. In the Himalaya Range. Asia,
2^.002 feet.
a condition precedent to obtaining a mar
riage license. "John Smith," whose legal
residence is San Francisco, can go to any
part of the State and obtain a license to
marry, but the license is valid only In the
county in which it is Issued.
Thomas Jacob of Vlsalia. who is a director of the,CalIfornla Cured Fruit
Association, has found one way of disposing of small and unmarketable
prunos. Mr. Jacob Is a practical and experienced fruit grower, one who
both observes and experiments, and what he has to say is worth listening to.
It has been ascertained that small prunes can be profitably fed to hogs, and
Mr. Jacob has demonstrated that they form an admirable substitute for bar
ley in feeding horses.
When asked by a Mercury representative, "Do you think the small sizes
Cf prunes, above ]20, are worth more than $10 a ton for any purpose?" 1 he
rcpiled:
"Yes, I do. We have fed them to horses for three seasons, feeding once
a day in about the same quantity as if feeding grain, about Tour or five
quarts at a feed, the horses preferring them to barley or rolled Egyptian
corn. They do equally as well as when fed upon grain alone, and I would
prefer to use my small prunes in feeding horses than to tell them at $10 a
ton. I consider them as valuable a feed for horses as I do barley at from
51S to $20 per ton.
"I believe If the fruit growers would make a trial cf using their small
prunes in this way that they would get very satisfactory results and would
be better satisfied than they would In taking the prices they could realize
for thorn in the market. ¦ ' » "
"I think it would be better In ining prunes for feed to have them passed
through a roller which would crush the seeds. I think I have given the
prune a fair trial for this purpose during a period of three years, and can
confidently state that I have found it equal, pound for pound, to barley as
a food."— San Jose Mercury.
FEEDS PRUNES TO HIS HORSES.
or back of the company without appeal
ing to the color sergeant.
E Is the razor strop, while the helmet
itself is divided into two portions marked
F and G. sipnlfylnc respectively upper
canteen, or mug, and lower canteen, or
wash basin.
Of course a matter of this kind is only a minor is
sue in the stirring affairs that now engage the atten
tion and tax the thoughts of the British people. It
is one of the little things, however, that are likely to
have consequences, and Salisbury may yet have occa
t>ion to regret that he permitted himself such a lar^e
liberty of action when he reorganized his Cabinet.
The assumption of the unconstitutional office is,
however, the least of the innovations made by Salis
bury. In addition to that offense he has arbitrarily
increased to twenty the number of the members oi
the Cabinet, and has appointed members of his own
family to three of the highest offices in it. So large
a Cabinet has naturally excited the distrust of a peo
ple so conservative a; the British, and it is said that
even among members of his own party the action has
been severely criticized. As for the appointment of
so many of his own relatives to office, the public
condemnation has not been as severe as would have
followed had any such action been committed in" this
country, but still it will be remembered that on the
opening of Parliament Lord Rosebery sarcastically
congratulated Salisbury on having so many statesmen
in his family.
Summing up the general objections to Salisbury's
action, a writer in the Fortnightly Review says:
''The Cabinet has become a mob, and when the num
ber of its members has reached twenty it would be
better if it were suppressed. It could not be a gov
erning body if it would. It should not if it could.
Concentration, not diffusion, of personal responsibil
ity is the vital condition of executive efficiency. In
a Cabinet of twenty we have obviously an institution
which has ceased to be an active organ of the body
politic, but the vague tradition of a responsibility,
which it no longer possesses, serves the most mis
chievous purpose possible by concealing from the at
tention of the nation the real depositaries of supreme
power. To say that there is a Cabinet within the
Cabinet merely means that Lord Salisbury can con
sult whom he likes, and that it is incumbent upon him
to consult nobody. When three members of his fam
ily are among his colleague?, the only "inner Cabinet"
that is inevitable is one which perverts the first prin
ciples of sound politics."
Shortly after the reconstruction of the Cabinet the
Court Circular, an official journal, spoke of "the
office of Prime Minister/* ar.d the London Law
Times directed attention to the incident as the first of
its kind on record. Then Mr. Campbell-Bannerman,
speaking at Dundee, referred to the office of Prime
Minister, whereupon the Westminster Gazette, in re
buking him for the use of the term, said: "This is
a great departure from the tradition of the days of
Walpolc, when the peers embodied a protest against
the use of the phrase, 'Sole or first Minister, an of
ficer unknown to the constitution.' At a later day
Lord North always refused to be called Prime Minis
ter, even in private. And it has remained for the
present age and this constitutional Government to
g ; ve official sanction to a phrase which was so odious
to the Tories of an earlier generation."
OUT of the discussion now going on in Great
Britain over the new Cabinet formed by Lord
Salisbury there is coming a good deal of infor
niation that will be new to most Americans. It ap
pears, for example, that there is no such thing known
to the British constitution as the office of Prime
Minister, and yet it is for the performance of the
duties of such office that Salisbury has recently ac
cepted a salary. \
SALISBURY'S CABINET.
THURSDAY..- DECEMBER 13, 1900
JOHN D. SFRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address AH Communication* to VY. S. LfcAKfc", Manager.
MAXAGCBt OFFICE Tol«"i»h«.nt-
I'lBLICATlOS OFFICR... Market nnd third. S. K.
Trlrplionp Prf«« -OI.
L'DITORIAL BOOMS -1" **» -- 1 Stevemum St.
Telephone I'rcn* 202.
Delivered 1>v Currier*, in (>«<« Pe* \\>eU.
Mnclr Co|tlc«. 5 «>n»«.
T>rnj» •>>" 51nll. InrlodInK I'o«t«cn
DAILT CAIX Ur.ciuding Sunday), cne year ti-M
HAILr'CALL. (including Sunday). 6 months S. ft 0
:>AIL.T CALL «inc!udin* Sunday). 3 months 1-53
Z3AII-T CALI^By Eln*l« Month J3c>
M'NDAY CALL. One Year 150
WEEKLY CALL, One Year lw
All poBtma»t«Tn nre aoJliorlwd to rerelr*
¦ nbKrrtptlona.
F«Lrr.p!e copies will be forwarded when requested.
Vail rabscrlberji in ordering change of a<»r*?!« thcute r*
particular to rive bo'.h NEW AND OLD ADDREFS in order
To injure a prompt and correct compliance with th»l ; request.
A UNIVERSAL head-dress for the
army is tho ingenious conception
of an Englishman, who claims for
it the. advantages of being both
useful and ornamental, inasmuch
cs the foundation consists of two separate
&nd essential articles built of aluminum,
and so constructed as to form an efficient
head-dress. —¦
In order to carry out the idea of useful
ness combined with ornamentation, the
regimental badge cr helmet plate is re-'
placed by the knife, fork and spoon, and
shaving brush— marked A, B, C and D in
our illustration— for fus-iller battalions, as
a recompense for. the deprivation of the
bearskin. On the foreign service, more
over, tho soldier can rse his towel as a
puggaree.
Among the further advantages which
this helmet affords the soldier is that a
considerable portion of the weight is
transferred from his back to his head.
The letters R and L are intended as a
guide to .young officers giving the com
mrnd. "Right" or "Left." while F and B
(behind) are a means of knowing the front
New Head Dress, Will En
able Them to Accom
plish a Paradox.
SOLDIERS MAY SOON
LIVE IN THEIR HATS
Creed Revision.
The a&itatlc n for creed revision In th*
Presbyterian church has been In progress
for many years, but has not assumed for
midable proportions until lately. If tho
cdvocjites cf revision had unity of pur
pose they would doubtless succeed at an
early day and probably In the next Gen
eral Assembly, but as the friends of re
vision are widely divergent In their views
and purposes, the agitation promises to
continue for some years to come.—DAL
LAS NEWS.
Two-Minute Trotter.
Mr. Scannell has made up his mind that
The Abbot shall trot In two minutes In
1901, provided that the most careful anil
thorough preparation and the most lavisn
expenditure can bring about that triumph.
One thing Is certain. If Mr. Scannell'*
horre trots a mile in two minutes Mr.
Scannell's name will ko spinning down the
corridors of time as the owner of The Ab
bot, and not as the New York Fire Com
missioner, the Tammany chieftain and th*
president of the Seneca Club.— NEW"
YORK TRIBUNE.
Canteen in the Senate.
Most of those who voted to abolish the
canteen undoubtedly did so in the belief
that th^ Senate would strike out the pro
hibitory clause. Then the House, really
in the interest of true temperance hue
nominally on account of the Senate s ob
stinacy, will recede from its position.
For of the utility of the canteen as a pro
moter of temperance there is absolute.y
r.o question. The jrreat majority of th*
soldiers desire it and nine-tenths of tn
officers^ indorse lt.-CHICAGO INTER
The Power of Congress.
We believe that Congress should be re
spected and that the people should scri
pulously guard that Its prerogative*
should not be Infringed upon in any quar
ter. They should insist upon its holding.*
its full power In the government, and. la
order that there may be no temptation to
take away any of this power, they shouM
be exceedingly careful that none but th»
best representative men are elected to us
membership. In this Is really the rafetv
of the republican form of government.—
BOSTON HERALD.
Perils of Prosperity.
President McKinley's warning to Con
gress to beware of the temptations to ex
travagance offered by great prosperity,
growing power and a full treasury is
timely and necessary. Wise economy, he
says, will strengthen confidence and pro
mote legitimate commercial expansion. It
is to be hoped that his words of caution
may not fall upon ears already de-afenett
by "the clamor of the hungry horde of lob
byists, privilege seeklnr syndicates and
corporate cormorants that has swoope.l
down upon Washington to divide the
spoils of prosperity.— PHILADELPHIA
NORTH AMERICAN.
Not a Just Parallel.
It is true that on© of the horrors of war
Is the theft ajnd rapine carried on by ir
responsible camp followers, which makes
If all the more necessary that comman
j ders shall not authorize an unnecessary
' increase of these horrors. But the asser-
I tion that Sheridan and Sherman did what
' Is reported from South Africa and China
i Is a libel on them. Sheridan's famous dis
patch to Grant told of the destruction of
supplies in a district which had. not or.ee
but a half scon*, times furnished th-j
means for a Confederate advance to
threaten Washington: but Sheridan dil
not authorize the turning: of Southern wo
men ar.d children out of doors because
thrir husbands and sons persisted in ficht
lnpr. Sherman ordered the tearing up of
railroads and foraging for supplies: but
he did not authorize the burning of tho
horrf-s of non-combatants or the shooting
! of prisoners.— PITTSDURG DISPATCH.
Taxes on Spirits.
The tax^s on spirits, fermented liquors
and tobacco are the mainstay of the
Government. They furnish more revenue
than the customs duties do, while the cost
of collection Is much less. An Intelligent
Congress will let these productive duties
severely alone.— CHICAGO TRIBUNE.
Given by the Constitution.
The argument that the power should not
be given to one man to enlarge tho army
Is met by the fact that the President al
ways has supreme power over the army.
This power is given him by the constitu
tion, and he Is. therefore, made the Judge
of the military needs of the country.—
BALTIMORE AMERICAN.
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
IN VARIETY
Such are the reports that come from the metropolis.
While the city election is still distant, the various ele
ments of the people r.re rapidly aligning themselves
for the fray, and if Hill intends to take a leading part
in the reform movement we shall soon learn it. Should
he do so it will prove an event of no little interest, for
it would mean a new development in Democracy that
would be of national importance.
the open." It is well known that as a rule the sage
of Wolfert's Roost has made his fights indirectly -and
has preferred to put some one else to the front whil?
he remained in the rear and directed the onset. This
time he has come to the conclusion that he has noth
ing to gain by indirection and nothing to lose by
straight fighting. Evtr since Croker turned him
down at the Kansas City convention he has been
known as a victim of the boss, and has therefore no
reason for any longer hiding in the bush.
We desire to call this matter to the attention of our
members of Congress. While it may seem at first
sight to be a local interest, yet its benefits arc so gen
eral as to fall far beyond our own borders. Califor
nia has become the leading producer and purveyor of
fruit products for all of this country and a consider
: able part of Europe. The Southern States produce the
cotton which keeps the weavers of Lancashire busy
j and clothes three-quaiters of the population of the
, planet. Official attention to such an important pro
1 duction is not in the interest of the producer alone.
! but serves also the far distant weaver and the more
! distant consumer. Precisely so is it with our rural in
! dustries in California, and when they get their share
j oC official attention and assistance their production,
I transmutation and exchange are all benefited.
The State will be th?nkful to Secretary Wilson for
j his good intentions in the matter, and will look to our
! members of Congress to supply the means to niakc
: them effective.
All of these considerations impressed the Secre
¦ tary of Agriculture during his visit here two yea's
1 ago. and in his cumin recommendations to Con
i gress. carrying the appropriations asked for to maiu
' tain the work of his department, he asks for a special
i appropriation to be '-pent in giving special attention
; tc the highly individual character of the rural indus
! tries of California.
In addition to this the department, by devotion of
its resources to a study of California conditions, will
help our already established agriculturists and horti
culturists. Vegetable physiology has here a distinct
individuality, and the vegetable pathologists of the
department will find in California a new field for
study. The enemies of all vegetable life, from fungi
tc insects, are here peculiar, individual and distinct.
Remedies that apply to them must be as special. We
recognize in man the liability to diseases that have
climatic origin and limitations. A study of the inter
mittent fevers which are endemic in parts of the Mis
sissippi Valley throws no light on' the yellow fevers,
vomito and other epidemics of the tropical and semi
tiopical regions.
It will he readily seen that if the Agricultural De
partment appreciate this difference in processes and
conditions its Year Book m,ay be made the medium
of specific information of great value to California.
The intending immigrant, with access to that publi
cation, may be informed in advance of-thc novel con
ditions he will find here, and will come with his eyes
open, and equipped with acquired knowledge, which
will prevent many failures and disappointments.
Immigrants who come to us to embark in any of
our ruial industries find it necessary to unlearn all
ihey know of the sane industries elsewhere and ap
1-ly themselves to learning the things made necessary
by our different physical conditions.
It Is readily seen that the arts of agriculture and
horticulture arc quite different in their practice here
from the region lying eastward of us. Seedtime and
harvest, the pruning aiid cultivation of our orchards
and the preparation and marketing of their products.
arc seasons and processes for which Eastern expe
rience furnishes us no guide.
Horn that line westwardly, however, differentiation
begins. Soils and seasons change. The need of irri
gation introduces different method? of farming. When
the Sierra Nevada Mountains are crossed the change
of process and physical conditions is as complete as
if a new continent had been entered. Isothermal lines
are found allying our climate with that of the tropic?,
while at the same time our productions are semi
tropical and north temperate zone. It is found that
the flora of widely divided regions flourish here. The
camphor tree of Formosa and the cinnamon and pi
mento of Ceylon, the rubber tree of the tropics, the
ginger vine of Asia, the licorice plant oi Spain, the
melons of Arabia, the dates of the Sahara, the figs of
Greece, all grow under the same sun and in the same
soil with the grapes of Valencia and the Ionian Isles
and the citrus fruits of Sicily. Alongside of these
exotics we produce the cereals of our own continent,
ami those of the British Isles, Norway and the Black
Sea. and the root crops of France, Asia and Sweden.
UP to this time California has hardly her fair
share of the benefits that follow the establish
ment of the Agricultural Department in the
National Government. Beginning at the ; Atlantic
coast and extending as far west as the ninety-ninth
meridian, the seasons and the processes which pro
duce crops have such features in common that the
investigations, conclusions, information and advice of
the department may fairly apply to all parts of that
CALIFORNIA CROPS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 13, 1900.
FASHION HINT FROM PARIS.
MARRIAGE LICENSE— J. B., City.
Residence in the State of California is not
6
Pauline Bradford Mackie to Write
for the Christmas Call.
PAULINE BRADFORD MACKIE
has written for the Christmas Call
a short story that will be remem
bered—one that will add jrreatly to
the already hiph position she occupies In
the world of letters.
The name of this author now ranks
among those of the leading literary lights
in the field of fiction. Her book, "A Geor
gian Actress=." which was published this
year, has justly been considered one of
the best novels of the season. Her stories
possess a refined delicacy of touch that la
hardly rivaled, and yet the dramatic In
terest is so well sustained that the read
er's attention is won from cover to cover.'
Miss Mackie has written a Christmas
short story exclusively for the Christmas
Call. It will appear In no other paper in
the United States. The author has taken
for her scene the pood old pilgrim days
of Miles Standlsh and has woven a love
plot with just enough color, dash and ad
venture to make It altogether charming.
As Miss Mackie Is now making California
her homo and is at present a resident of
Berkeley. It Is only right that her best
work should be offered flret to the people
of her own State,
: "Captain Shrimp" is the title of her
i story, which will appear In the Chrlstmr.s Call on IVc^mtxr IS. Read It. It
, Is the best shon Btory of Its kind which has nrr™ r<><1 thl * jrP! - !!on *
, j Here are a few of the other excellent storing which will he a future of the
; Christmas Call, all of th«in^hy w^ll-known writers: "A TAUlv Empty Stoek
| lngr." by John Strange Winter; "A Sh<n In Time." by Or.?ml Charles King;
"An Angel Unawares." by Marlon Harlar.d: "J.ick Rcdr.ion^ 1 !* Treasure," by
Edith Sessions Tupper; "Jeanne's Visit tf> St. Nicholas." by Jessie Juliet
Knox: "His Ideal Christmas," by Justin McCarthy: "Christmas Day In
t Rome," by Mrae. Sophia Bomlplant; "ehrl.Mma* In the Fatherland." by Count
) Andrew- Berrstaff; "Christmas In the Sagebrush." by Isabel Darllns-
puoto by AlUky
Columbia.— "The S'.nsine Girl."
Tlvoli— "A Jolly Mupketetr."
Alhtmbr»--A Hct Old Time. 11
Calif crnia-"A Pell Bey."
Ori'heum— V«ud«vll!e.
Grand Osxra-hous* 1 — "Man's Enemey."
Alcar^r— "iladan-.e Kulterfly."
OlrmpU. corr.er Mercn ani Eddy ftreets-^pccinit'.e?.
Chutes. Zoo end Thtater-Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Fif-chPr'p— Vaudeville.
Sherman-Clay Hall— lecture. Saturday evening.
California Jockey Clah. Oakland Kacetrack— Kace* to-day.
AMUSEMENTS.Inquest on Amelia Bahrs.
Coroner. Cole held an -inquest yesterday
on the body of Miss Amelia Bahrs, who
was found asphyxiated In her. room at 87
Noe street : last Monday. The jury re
turned a verdict of suicide while tempo
rarily insane.
Overland Trains Very Late.
All the overland trains due yesterday
afternoon and last evening were from
fifteen to eighteen hours behind time.
No. 1, which was due here at 6:45 p. m., is
now due at 5:45 this morning: Xo. 3. due
at 2:45 p. m., will be In at S o'clock this
morning; and No. 5, due at 4:15 yester
day afternoon, Is scheduled to arrive at
8:15 a. m. to-day.
Judge Kerrigan's Stenographer.
Superior Judge-elect Frank H. Kerri
gan announced . the appointment Tuesday
of George S. McComb to be his official
stenographer. McComb is at present em
ployed as a deputy under Justices' Clerk
Edward Williams. .
Be Sure and Attend
The greatest assignee sale of clothing. I
will sell to-morrow men's genuine worsted
suits that cost J15 for $5 85; also 450 covert
cloth men's suits, worth $20, for $3 90.
Come one, come all, to the Boston, 775
Market St., P. C. Kelly, assignee. •
Unknown Drowned Man Found.
The body of a drowned man was found
floating In the bay yesterday morning
near the Tiburon ferry slip on the city
front. The corpse had been In the water
about nine or ten davs. It was that of
a man about 40 years old. with brown
hair and brown mustache, dressed in a
dark blue sack suit of diagonal. There
was no vest and over the undershirt wai
a sweater with green and black stripes'
Tho underclothing was of blue cotton
goods. Nothing was found In the pockets
by which the drowned man could be
Identified.
The Popularity
Of the name BUDWE1SER is such as to tempt
many brewers to attempt Its use on Inferior
brands. The U. S. courta have accorded that
name exclusively to the Anheuser-Buach BUD
"WKISEU brand. K. G. Lyons Co., San Fran
cisco, Wholesale Dealer.
The first sjvell church wedding of the
season took place yesterday when Miss
Isabel H. Preston and Len Douglas Ow
ens were married at the First Unitarian
Church. Rev. Bradford Leavitt performed
the ceremony, which was witnessed by a
large and fashionable gathering of
friends.
All the details of the wedding were char
acterized by a most artistic arrangement.
Tho church was prettily decorated with
ferns and palms and in a tall vase in the
chancel an immense bunch of American
Beauty roses nodded their pretty heads.
The artistic details of the affair were,
however, most conspicuous in the delight
ful taste displayed in the gowning of the
bridal party. Prettiest of all were the bou
quets of violets fashioned as muffs, and
through which the maids thrust their
dainty hands.
At exactly 3 o'clock, the hour set for
the ceremony, the bridesmaids advanced
from the chancel door and marching down
the center aisle met the bride and escorted
her to tho altar.
In the bridal procession first came the
ushers, Wlllard Drown, George Cadwal
lader, Albion Whitney, Eugene Unger, Dr.
Morton Gibbons and Herbert Mee. They
were followed by the bridesmaids. Miss
Norma Preston, Miss Graco Spreckels.
Miss l.illie Spreckels. Miss Florence Jos
selyn, Miss Ida Gibbons and Miss Grace
Bertz. Following the bridesmaids came
tho maid of honor, Miss Edith Preston,
who in turn was followed by the bride,
learing on the arm of her father.
At the chancel rail the groom, assisted
by the best man, Dr. John C. Spencer,
waited the coming 61 the bride.
The bride wore an exquisite gown of
white satin. The skirt was made en train
and trimmed with a flounce of white crepe
de chine. The corsage was made high and
elaborately trimmed with costly lace. The
veil, whicn was an elegant piece of old
point applique, was fastened to the coif
fure with a wreath of orange blossoms.
The bridal bouquet was composed of lilies
of the valley and orchids.
Miss Edith Preston, the maid of honor,
wore a dainty gown of white mousseline
over white silk. The yoke of the corsage
was laid in tiny tucks, stitched In gold,
und the girdle was made of point applique.
A hat composed entirely 1 of white violets,
and a muff of the same blossoms, com
pleted the exquisite costume. The brides
maids were attlre'd alike. Their gowns
were of pink crepe, trimmed with white
lace. Their flower muffs were composed
of Marie Louise violets ,and their hats
were fashioned to represent pink roses.
After the ceremony there was a recep
tion at the home Of- the bride's parents,
Mr. and Mrs. E. F. Preston, 2104 Van Ness
avenue. - -
Mr. and Mrs. Owens will cpend their
honeymoon in the East. They leave to
morrow and will be gone three months.
MAB.B.IED UNDES, BELL
OF CHRYSANTHEMUMS
Miss Ida Wise and Chartes P. Phi!-
lips Wedded at the California
Hotel.
A pretty wedding ceremony was per
formed at the California Hotel at 5:30
o'clock yesterday afternoon, the contract
ing parties being Miss Ida Wise, daughter
of Mrs. SarahtWise of 728 Sutter street,
and Charles PV Phillips, a commission
merchant. The ceremony, which took
place beneath a bell of white carnations
and chrysanthemums, was witnessed by
seventy-five relatives and friends. Rabbi
Nleto officiated.
The bride wore a beautiful gown of
white satin trimmed with duchesse lace,
and" carried bride's rose?. The maid of
honor was Miss Pauline Ooldstone, and
the best man was M. Savanah. Tho ush
ers were David Bentley, Dr. E. A. Clay,
William Hook and .Henry, Wolf.: After
the wedding. tour, ¦ which will include a
trip through the southern part, of the
State, Mr. and Mrs. Phillips will reside at
2774 Geary street ¦ . .¦ ..
Miss Isabrlle H. Preston
Becomes the Bride of
Len D. Owens.
SEWS' FIRST
CHURCH WEDDING
crowds nightly to the Alcazar Theater.
It is one of the quaintest, strongest, most
daintily pathetic little plays ever staged
and Is well put on and well acted at tho
popular little theater. "Pygmalion and
Galatea," Gilbert's charming comedy,
precedes it.
"A Hot Old Time" will end its success
ful engagement on Saturday evening next
at the Alhambra Theater and the Boston
l^yric Company, with Collamarlna and
Russo, will follow. The bill of faro for
Iheir engagement will be: Sunday after
noon. "Said Pasha"; Sunday evening.
"Carmen"; Monday. "Carmen"; Tuesday,
"Said Pasha"; Wedncday, "II Trova
tore"; and Thursday, "Carmen."
John M. Welch, in "A Bell Boy." is
Benoit Pasquale, of the firm of B. Paa
quale & Sons, military and society goods,
223 Sutter street, is lying in a critical con
dition at his residence, 971 Howard street,
as the result of an encounter with a bur
glar or robber early yesterday morning.
Although seventy-nine years of age, he
was in the habit of going to business
every morning between 6 and 7 o'clock.
He went as usual yesterday morning, and
while walking upstairs to his office with
his keys In his hand a man made a grab
for the keys and struck him on the head
with some Instrument, probably a ham
mer, inflicting an ugly wound. The old
gentleman fell backward and rolled to
the bottom of the stairs, still holding the
keys in his grasp. He yelled for help, and
his assailant got scared and ran away.
About half an hour later the old gentle
man was found at the bottom of the stairs
by the janitor of the building In a semi
conscious condition. 1 * He was able to tell
the janitor what happened him before he
lapsed Into unconsciousness.
The janitor notified Mr. Pasquale's two
sons, and he was taken home and the
family physician summoned. Owing to the
old gentleman's age the effect of the blow,
fall and shock may result seriously. The
police were notified, and Detective Ryan
¦was detailed on the case, but he was un
able to get any description of the man.
Monday the old gentleman lost or had
stolen from him three keys, one being for
the door leading to the store. The lock
on the door was changed, and the suppo
sition Is that the man who found or stole
the keys had attempted to enter the store,
and bplns baffled had waited for the old
gentleman Intending to render him uncon
scious, and by getting possession of the
keys rob the store. The man who com
mitted the crime probably calculated on
his victim falling unconscious on the
stairs, .where ho would be unobserved, In
stead of rolling to the bottom Into view.
Benoit Pasquale the Unfor
tunate Victim of a
Daring Thug.
still the bill at the California Theater.
Next Sunday afternoon Ben Hendricks.
in the famous Swedish character play
"Ole Olson," will be put on.
The Orpheum is doing good business
this week with Davis and Macauley: the
Harmony Four— Spenser. Kelly, Ahem
and Patrick; Patrice, Robertus and WI1
fredo, Mary de Sousa and the Pantzer
trio as entertainers.
The Chutes and Zoo offer for this even-
Ing's special entertainment a "ladles'
rope-cHpibing contest." with the usual
"amateurs" night" programme.
Coglll & Cooper's Comedians are draw
ing good houses at Fischer's In their fun
ny farce, "All Mixed."
ROBBER FELLS
A MERCHANT
THE action of the Board of Public
Works In refusing the Central
Theater a certificate has excited
a great deal of comment in official
circles. Thla unexpected attitude
of the board is taken as an attack upon
the Board of Supervisors, which has al
ready granted the theater a permit.
Everything which It is possible to do and
which the law requires has been done by
Belasc«^Hnd Tliall in the construction of
the theater. Tho action of the Board of
Public Works is viewed therefore with
surprise and no reasonable explanation
of it has been given except on the basis
that the Board of Public Works Is striv
ing to discredit Its associate, the Board
of Supervisors.
The Central Theater as It has been
planned and as It nears completion Is
one of the handsomest and safest theaters
in San Francisco. Nearly $50,000 has been
expended upon its construction and it is
perhaps an Interesting fact that more
than $10,000 was? spent under the direction
and supervision of the authorities before
a complaint or objection was suggested.
The outside of the building is made com
pletely of iron and the Inside of corru
gated iron, brick and steel girders so
placed as to afford the greatest security
compatible with beauty of design.
Every modern appliance known to the
construction of great Interiors has been
used. On neither of the floors is there a
single stair, the auditorium being on a
Kenlle slope, which removes even th*
small danger which stairs might involve.
Automatic sprinklprs are disposed in va
rious parts of the house and added se
curity is given by an asbestos curtain.
, As for exits the new theater is amply pro
vided. There are nine in all, three open-
Ing into Market street, two into Central
Park and others into Stevenson street.
Without the slightest difficulty and un
der any stress the house could be emptied
of its people in a very few minutes.
{ Around both floors there is a broad prom
i enade. which in itself is a protection not
afforded by any other theater in town. It
is therefore a profound surprise that the
Board of Public Works has made a pro
test. Not only will the theater be per
fectly safe but it will be one of the hand-
Fomest in the city. It will be finished in
cream and gold and will be most artisti
cally decorated. The front will be made
entirely of brick and stone and will bo
one of the most imposing and artistic
structures on Market street.
STRONG ATTRACTIONS
AT ALL THE THEATERS
Alice Nielsen to Close Engagement at
the Columbia With "Tha
Singing Girl."
The last three evenings and matinee
performances of the Alice Nielson en
gagement at the Columbia Theater will
be given over to "The Singing Girl." The
company has been playing to crowded
houses all through the season' and the
popular little prima donna has added
much to her California reputation by
her good work in a stellar capacity.
"The Jolly Musketeer" will end a four
weeks' run on Sunday evening next at tho
Tivoli and on Monday night "Cinderella,"
a Christmas fantasy done Into burlesque
by Ferris Hartman, will be put on. Sev
enty-five people will appear on the stage
and costumes, scenery, songs and spe
cialties of the best are promised.
Turn Over tlie Union
Money.
THEODORE VOGEL LEAVES
FINANCIAL SHORTAGE
Says He Is Going Away, but Fails to
"Madame Butterfly," David Belascos
one-act tragedy, is drawing increasing
Theodore Vogel, the financial secretary
of the Bakers' Union, is a very much
sought after man Just at present. He
was last seen in the afternoon of Novem
ber 24. At that time he was employed In
a bakery at Sixteenth and Valencia
streets. ¦ He left the place and told his
employer that he had received a telegram
from his folks and that he was going- back
to Germany.
At the next meeting of the Bakers
Union Vogel was conspicuous by his ab
sence. An Investigation Into his books
was made and It was found that he had
left with $41 00 belonging to the associa
tion. A warrant Is out for his arrest.
Board of Public Works Excites Unfavorable Comment in Official Circles
by Its Protest to the Building* Which Is Now' Nearing Completion
Elaborate Safeguards Are Provided for the Benefit of the Public
Judge Coffey announced In open court
yesterday that William D. Farren, execu
tor of the' will of the late D. D, Fowler,
stood in the light of a defaulter and ab
sconder. and after a heated debate with
M. C. Hassett, Fowler's counsel, the court
suspended Farren's powers as executor
and ordered an Immediate investigation
to definitely determine his whereabouts.
On November 12 last Farren came into
possession of $4000 belonging to decedent's
estate, through a compromise with Mrs.
Fowler, which he held for the other de
visees. Frank D.. D. D. Jr., and Lizzie
Fowler, Nellie Bennett and Kate Farren.
He was ordered to give a oond by the
court, but the next time word was re
ceived from him he was in Seattle. Yes
terday an order directing him to explain
his action was called for hearing, but he
•was absent,, and in his place " Attorney
Hassott appeared. Hassett explained th»t
his client was in Seattle and admitted that
his conduct in failing to give a bond was
reprehensible.
Hassett disclaimed all responsibility for
the absence of the executor and Judge
Coffey answered that It was one of the
happy conditions of the lawyer's tempera
ment to be able to cast off responsibility.
Hassett started to reply, but Judge Cof
fey stated that he had talked too much
already. Judga Coffey then suspended
Farren's powers and appointed Frank D.
Fowler special administrator of decedent's
estate.
"I think a bond of $1000 in your case will
be sufficient," said Judge CofTey. address
ing Fowler, "because all that remains of
the estate is in the hands of Farren, and
I am of the opinion that $1000 !s more than
you will ever get from him." ?
Farren was connected with the Insur
ance business In this city for some time
and later went into politics, having been
connected with the Sheriff's office re
cently.
Judge CoSey Says He Stands
in the Light of an
Absconder.
XVT.
(Concluded.)
Another theory, and the most plausible.
Is that Shakespeare wrote the story of
Marina as it stands In the last three acts
of "Pericles," omitting the prose scenss
and the parts given to Gower; but In
stead of tilling it out :o the full measure
of a five-act play he left it unfinished.
Later it somehow got into the hands of
George Wilkins, who wrote the first two
act3; but the non-Shakespearean parts
of the rest of the play appear to be the
work of another writer, perhaps W. Row
ley, who was a partner of Wilkins In an
other dramatic venture of the same poor
sort. The play thus completed was en
tered (with no author's name) on the Sta
tioners' Registers In lfcOS, but its imme
diate publication was "stayed" and in the
same year Wilkins brought out a prose
version of the story, the title page of
which seems to claim a share at least
In the authorship of the play, being in
part as follows: "The Painful Adven
tures of Pericles. Prince of Tyre; being
the True History of the Play of Pericles,
as It was Lately Presented by the Worthy
and Ancient Poet John Gower." The next
year (1609) a quarto edition of the play
was published with Shakespeare's name
on the title page, but no mention of Wil
kinp. A second quarto followed In ih*
same year and others in 1611, 1619. 1630 and
1635; but the play wa3 not included in tho
folios of 1623 and 1632. though in the latter
year the proprietorship of the play was
in the hands of one of the publishers of
the second folio. The third folio (1681) In
cluded "Pericles" with several plays in
which Shakespeare had little or no share.
It is not easy lo explain all these facts
on any hypothesis, but, to my thinking,
they contlict less with the one I have
here favored than with others that have
been advanced. Professor Herford. the
latest of the editors, objects to this tho
ory Cof an unfinished play of Shakes
peare's completed by other hands) on ac
count of certain defects In the dramatic
pketch extracted from the play by il;.
Fleay. He says that 'a great part even
of 'Marina' itself is only intermittent
ly of clear Shakespearean quality"; that
"it has not, as it stanus, any more than
the 'Pericles' story as a whole, the dra
matic substance, the backbone of Shak-33
peare's most 'romantic' plots," etc.
I may say in reply that the imperfec
tions in "Marina" are such as we might
expect to find in a first sketch as brief as
this— much briefer than that in "Timon."
As arranged by Mr. Fleay it contains btit
719 lines out of the 2391 lines in the play
as printed in the Globe edition. This may
explain why the publication of the play
was "stayed" In 160S. Shakespeare may
have been disgusted at the manner in
which his fragment of a play had been
padded out to more than thrice its orig
inal bulk; and this may also have led hid
friends who edited the first folio to omit
"Pericles," though they included "Ti
mon" and "Henry VIII," in which he had
a larger share, and also the early plays
("Titus Andronicus" and "Henry VI"),
which he was known, io have revised.
The theory which Professor Herford
adopts, "that Shakespeare rather elab
orated another man's 'Pericles,' scene by
scene, here more, here less, according to
the fluctuating attractions of the scene."
seems to me extremely improbable. I can
not conceive of his leaving the wretched
opening acts with no revision (or none
worth mentioning that the advocates of
this theory can plausibly make out), and
then beginning the third act with what
Professor Herford himself aptly describes
as "one of the most amazing transitions
in literature, suddenly steeping us In the
atmosphere of high poetry." and in the
rest of the scenes which are ascribed to
him seldom falling below this elevated
style characteristic of his latest work.
It is an interesting and significant fact
that Tennyson's poetic instinct led him to
recognize Shakespeare's share in "Pericles"
long before the discussion of the question
in the New Shakespeare society in 1S47.
Dr. Furnlvall, when talking with the poet
about Shakespeare, remarked that he had
never read "Pericles" through, for he did
not believe that Shakespeare wrote it.
"Oh," said Tennyson, "that won't do. He
wrote all the part relating to the birth
and discovery of Marina and the recovery
of Thaisa. I settled that long ago. Come
upstairs and I'll read it to you." Upstairs
to the smoking room they went, and Ten
nyson read the genuine part of "Pericles"
with an occasional triumphant interjec
tion of 'Isn't that Shakespeare? What do
you think of that?" Furnivall. in telling
the story to the New Shakespeare so
ciety, adds: "I need not tell you how I
enjoyed the reading, or how quick and
sincere my conviction of the genuineness
of the part read was." He afterward
found when Mr. Fleay printed what he
regarded as Shakespeare's part of the
play that it was identical with what Ten
nyson had read. Fleay had come to his
conclusions by the application of metri
cal tests and a minute examination of the
construction and style of the play. He
EXECUTOR FARREN
LEAVES THE CITY
THIRTY SHAKESPEARE EVENINGS.
As in the case of the plays already con
sidered, various theories concerning tho
rtouiile aurhrrshir* <>t "Henry VIII" havti
been proposed. Some critics think thai
it was an instance of collaboration; but It
is more probable, as the majority believe,
that Fletcher completed an unfinished
play of Shakespeare's. Three or fo;;r
take the pround that Shakespeare was th*
sole author: one (Robert Boyle, in a
paper printed in the "Transactions of th«
New Shakespeare Society" for 1SS0-5) ar
gues that the play was written by
Fletcher and Massinper, and that ShaUe
ppeare had nothing to do with it. Pro
fessor Herford inadvertently gives the im
pression that Boyle makes Shakespeare
and Massinger the authors. ¦
Sidney Lee is inclined to ascribe "Wolsey
famous "Farewell" to Shakespeare; but.
as Dowden says: "It la certainly Fletch
er's, and when one has perceived this, on-?
perceives also that it was an error ever
to suppose it written in Shakespeare' a
manner." J
"The Two Xoble Kinsmen, according ta
the title page of the earliest known edi
tion (1634), was "written by the venerabl 3
worthies of their time. Mr. John Fletcher.
Mr. William Shakespeare, Gent.." but it
was not admitted to any of the folios, nr-r
to any other collected edition of Shake-
Bpeare until about fifty year3 ago. Some
what earlier in the present century cer
tain critics began to suspect a double au
thorship, and Lamb and Coleridge. amon-T
others, decided that the old title page waj
correct in assigning a share in the work
to Shakespeare. In 1S33 William Spaldins?
published an elaborate analysis of the
play, allotting to Shakespeare and Fletche •
their respective portions, and Hallanrt.
Dyce and other critics and commentators
became converts to his views. Dyce in
cluded the play In his edition, as Hudson
did in his second edition, and as I did in
mine. But Spaldlr.g in l«40 ••¦weak<>n»d"
considerably in his opinions concerning
the play, and later declared the problem
of its authorship insoluble. Other critics
who at first agreed with him have had a
similar experience. For myself at present
I think it very doubtful whether Shake
speare had anything whatever to do wit:i
the play. Sidney Lee, however, in his
"Life of Shakespeare" (1S9S) decides that
"frequent signs of Shakespeare's work
manship are unmistakable." Some critic*
are of the opinion that Masslnger wrote
the parts that have been assigned to
Shakespeare.
I cannot take space to refer to disputes
concerning the authorship of certain
scenes or passages, longer or shorter, in
plavs included in the ordinary editions of
Shakespeare. These would furnish suf
ficient material for another paper as Ion?
as this, but they are of minor importance
in comparison with th« questions involv
ing larse portions of playa, such as hav?
been discussed briefly In the present
paper. W. J. ROLFE.
Cambridge, Mass.
had looked at the play as a critic — from
the outside, we may say— Tennyson as a
poet, from the inside.
"Henry VIII" 13 another play which 13
Shakespeare's only in part. He wrote
about half of It. and John Fletcher wrote
the other half. Two critics, working in
dependently, divided the play between tho
two authors in the «ame manner, assign
ing certain scenes to Fletcher and others
to Shakespeare, on account of differences
in the versification and diction; an't a
study of the dramatic treatment and char
acterization by these and other critics
led to precisely the same results. Mr.
James Speddins. who was the first (1SW>
to discuss the question at length, and to
divide the play in this manner, afterward
stated that the r-v ambiance to Fletcher'9
style in parts of the play was pointed
out to him several years before by Tenny
son; and it is a curious fact that Ralph
Waldo Emerson, In his Ucture on ShaUes
peare (published In 1S30 before he could
have seen the articles by Spedding and
Hickson. the other critic who had divided
the play, and written several years before
it was published), also noted the evidences
of two hands In "Henry VIII." He says
after referring to Malone's discussion or
the double authorship of "Henry VI":
"In Henry VIII" I think I see plainly
the cropping out of the original rock on
which his (.Shakespeare's) stratum wa<*
laid. The first play was written by a
superior, thoughtful man with a vicious
ear. I can mark his lines, and know well
thoir cadence. See Wolsey's soliloquy and
the following: .«cene with Cromwell.
where, instead of the meter $t Shakes
peare, whose secret is that tae thought
constructs the tune, so that rraciins for
the sense will best brins out the rhythm,
here the lines ere constructed on a given
tune, and the verse has oven a trace of
pulpit eloquence. But the p'.ay contains,
throuph all its length, unmistakable traits
of Shakeppeare'3 bund, and some passages
are like autographs.'"
The passages which Emerson ascribes to
the "man with a vicious ear" are all
among those which Spedding and others
decide to be Fletcher's. People with no
ear — or ear? too long — may sneer at verse
tests as they please; but when poets like
Tennyson and Kmerscn come to the samo
conclusion as the "meter-mongers" and
other critics, we may safely assume that
these conclusions are probably correct.
Copyright, 1900,
by Seymour Eaton.
PLAYS OF DOUBTFUL AUTHORSHIP.
CENTRAL THEATER WILL BE ONE
OF PRETTIEST OF CITY BUILDINGS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 13, 1900.
HANDSOME STONE AND BRICK FRONT OP THE CENTRAL. THEATER,
WHICH IS NEARING COMPLETION, AND WILL. ADD ANOTHER TO
THE BEAUTIFUL PUBLIC BUILDINGS OF THE CITY.
Photo by Bushnell.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
7
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE LITTLE SICKNESSES
Which. Grow Into Big Ones.
A little cold in the hrad is a trifle, but if
neRlftcted and it hangs on from week to
week and pets into the throat and lungs it
is no longer a trifle. It is then no longer
a slight cold but the beginning of chronic
catarrh.
Do not make the mistake of thinking you
have no catarrh because the head and
nose appear to be clear. If'there is cough,
tickling in the throat, hoarseness or a
sense of oppression in the chest you have
throat ana bronchial catarrh. If the ap-
petite is poor, nausea, gagging and dis-
gust for food, especially in the morning,
you have catarrh of the stomach.
The surest and safest treatment for
every form of catarrh is an internal rem-
edy which acts especially on the blood
and mucous membranes.
Such a remedy is the new catarrh cure,
sold everywhere by druggists under name
cf Stuart's Catarrh Tablets, a medicine in
pleasant, convenient tablet form and con-
taining all the best and latest specifics for
catarrh, whether located in nose, throat
bronchial tubes or stomach.
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets are composed
of Sanguinaria. guaiacol. Red gum and
similar antiseptics which destroy the
germs of catarrh In the blood, and no one
who suffers from any form of catarrh and
has Feen the uselessness of sprays,
douches, and powders will ever go back
to them after once trying so convenient,
pleasant and harmless a remedy as
Stuart's Catarrh tablets and one which
gives relief in so short a time.
Even in cases when. 1 catarrh has af-
fected the senses of smell and hearing,
these tablets accomplish a cure -because
the blood being cleansed of catarrhal
germs, the mucous surfaces ofUhe none
and throat no longer clog up the respira-
tory passages with catarrhal secretions.
AH druggists sell full sized treatments of
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets for the nominal
price of 50 cents, and the regular daily use
of them will effectually cure this trouble-
some and dangerous disease.
V the jpcrfi ci on < nj
BDTTLhtAT T iC DJFnLLERY^
PURE-A5&Djt¥rMl5aME.
(/set/ f/t/Ae Medea/ Depdrfme/r/s of Me
U.S. ARMY $ NAVY SfRVice-
William Wolff ft co.
"" Sam fRAscisco, . distributors."
AnmaJT of/miYatioms •*•. ftjii/tct eomts. \ \
fin Hpffmanettes £p
JU Cigar, J"
THE HILSON CO . Makers. N. Y.
MAD, SADLER t CO., Diitribateri, Bin Franciieo.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TELEPHONE GRANT 33.
229-224 SUTTER ST.
OPEN EVENINGS.
A SUGGESTION— We want to eerve
you during this busy season as
promptly as possible, and respectfully
ask your assistance In placing your or-
ders with us as early as convenient.
Eight telephones ready to receive
your commands. One phone FREE to
I our friends.
! Make your selections of tree decora-
i tions early— our stock is complete.
' 'CIGARS-Smokers will feel Intor-
• ested In our window display. Boxes
from $1 to $35.
SPECIAL REDUCTIONS
THURSDAY— FRIDAY— SATURDAY.
TCI 1* different kinds. AHf, Ik
ICA All our bUI»-f--ra<l- Sic tea?. Wli IU
f CHICKEN AND TURKEY, Wjfr
4-It> tin. reg. ZSc '2Oc
l-lb tin reg:. 45c 4Oc
CO:OA. '•St!:h;rd," Swiss
H-lb tins, reg. r.Pe 40c
; l-lb tins', rcg. Me *Oc
The highest grade made In the world.
COGNAC. 3-s'ar. m. $1.75 $1.35
Tricoche. Bouniot & Co.
Bottled in France.
fiteO, Kresh import%tiuu. /CC!D
FAYORITA DE CUIF. GLARET,
Poz. at*., reg. 83 75 *2.<»O
Do*, pts.. res- 12 4i> JM.»<>
This State's finest product In table wine.
SEEDED RAISINS. 10c p'<g
l-lb rkc». Tleg. ll'ic. This season's.
; FEAS. E&'flBfS. 5 lbs 25c
! SALT BCXES, Reg. 50c 25c
With delft decoration.
VICHi CELESTINE, doz. qts. $2.90
Arrived at last.
BAKING POWDER, ib can 30c
••New Era." Reg. 40c. Pure and whole.
APrTcQTS. Dried, re?. 2Cc I2Jc Ib
Excellent quality — new (roods.
Country or<3*ri» solicited.
62-paffe Holiday CataloRue— FltEE.
SANTA CLAUS WILL ARRIVE
IN DUE TIME
to present the compliments of the season
to our patrons on a beautiful laundered
shirt front, collar or cuff. We an sure
j that all ¦will be happy when they see the
I festal Yuletide polish that we will lay on
, their linen, and at the same time extend
; our best wishes for their health, so that
' they can soil enough linen for the next
: year to keep us busy.
Domestic finish for full-dress shirts If
! you order it.
Xo saw edges.
i UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4- Market Street
Telephone— South 42O,
Oakland Office— 62 San Pablo Ave.
Any Broken »
Eyeglass
Lenses replaced for f»O cents.
Astigmatic ler.ses duplicated for 91.OO«nd
?1.BO. V
Guaranteed correct and best <juaJlty.
Oculists' prescriptions filled. Factory on prem-
ls*!«. Quick repairing. Phone, Main 10.
0PTICIAN5>p H0T^AP*! CAP ™* T i».
~ Scientific
64Z Market 5t. instruments
u*Dif» chronicle ButLDiN&. CATALOGUE FREE.
Do 1 o aa These hotels oos-
L aiatC sess the attributes
i that tourists and
£IJ}Q travelers appreciate
—central location,
fly>o vi A liberal manafire-
*¦** dUV* ment. modern ao-
YY . | pointments and
nOtelS Perfect cuisine.
American and r.u-
San Franc/sco ropean p'ans.
DR. CROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For th« cure of GONORRHOEA. GLEETS.
STRICTURES and analogous, complaints of thi
Organs of Generation.
Prlo» >1 m. bottle, for mmle by drugrlits.
AMUSEMENTS.
CHUTES and ZOO
KVEItY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT!
....THE AMATEURS....
SPECIALTIES
AND A *
LADIES' ROPE-CLIMBING CONTEST
Telephone for Eeats— Park 23.
RACING I RACING I RACING I
1W0-WINTER MEETING— 1901.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
DEC. 2d to DEC. 15th. INCLUSIVE.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday. Wednesday, Thurs-
day, Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine.
/ Klve or more race* each day.
/ Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave Ban Francisco at 12 m. and
13:30. 1. 1:30. 2. 2:30 and 3 p. m.. connecting-
with trains stopplnr at the entrance to the
melt. Laet two cars on train reserved for
ladles and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
electric car* at Seventh and Broadway. Oak-
land. Also all trains via ALameda mole con-
nect with Ban Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
•nd Broadway, Oakland. These electric cars
go direct to the track in fifteen minutes.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4:45 p. m. snd Immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
R. B. MILROY. Secretary.
AMTJSF.TVrFTJTS.
™" <l Yr£;" Ooo<1 By " Performances
_,„ ,, MATINEE BATCRDAT.
THE RATS'- HOWLING SUCCESS
"A HOT OLD TIME"
John W*. Jess as Larry Moon»v
NEXT SUNDAY AFTERNOON
THE BOSTON LTIUC OPERA COMPANY
PrenentlnB
"SAID PASHA"
FuTiday XlKrht. Dft 16 "CARMPV"
Monday Nipht. r*c. n. ........... -carmfv'
TueFiay Mght. Dee. IS "PAID PASHA"
IVeflnertay Nipht. Dr>c 19..-ILTROVATORE"
Thursday KUt£ r*c. to. . . . .. ..-cAiln^"
ms^L l I L r K"s 8 XNunS f xi COLLAMARINI -
rvf.njnjf.pe. :r.c. SSc. 50c and 75c. Matinee,
-IV:. »c. «.,c ar.d f,Oc. FEATP NOW READY!
GOOD GOODS inGOOD VAUDEVILLE
BAVTS AND MACAU1EY, HAB-
MONY FOUR, SPENSER. KELLY,
AHERN AND PATRICK, PA-
TRICE AND COMPANY, ROB-
ERTUS AND WILFREDO, MAY
1?E SOUSA, PANTZER TRIO,
GREAT AMERICAN BIOGRAPH.
Reaervcd seats. !3c: tealconr. l"c; op»ra ch*irs
anfl box Mat?. We. Matinees Wednesday. Sat-
i:-flay and Sunday.
f* fa I II ELS D I A s*.s FEAKCisccrs
• l*UlBUmBIA IMMATEE
LAST S NIGHTS— MATINEE SATURDAY.
ALICE NIELSEN
And the ALICE NIELSEN OPERA CO.
Direction rt Frank L. Perley.
PreceatSac Herbert, Smith and St&nge's Opera.
"THE SINGING GIRL."
NEXT MONDAY.
FREDERICK WARDE
»n K^ry 'Williams' Romantic Om*dy,
"THK DUKE'S JESTER."
oLVh eat r eT*a >
EVERT NIGHT THIS WEEK.
MATINTX PATLRDAY AND SUNDAY.
The remarkable One-Act Play.
MADAME JAPANESE
Ult\Ut\l\llJ TRAGEDY,
BUTTERFLY. & v »>
UV I 1 Mil Li 1 • BBLASC o.
Preceded by Gilbert's Cornedv,
"PYGMALION AND GALATEA."
Matinee* Saturday and Sunday.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
CROWDED ALL THE TIME.
ilATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
ASSURED SUCCESS OF
THE OLIVER-LESLIE CO.
LAfT FOUR NIGHTS,
THE GREAT ENGLISH MELODRAMA
MAN'S ENEMY!
NEXT MONDAY
"A TALE OF WO CITIES."
Prices— 10c. ISc, ISc COc. A Few Front Rowm
In C»rchfftra, ~l>c. Matinees — 10c. 15c. 2ic, BOc.
No Higher. Branch Ticket Offlc*. Emporium. I
'Comfortably Heated by Steam.) J
IF YOlTNEVER
LAUGHED BEFORE. LAUGH NOW
AT JOHN M. WELCH IN
i Pl BELL BOY!
NEXT FUNDAY AFTERNOON.
TOLLY-YENIAL— YOVIAL
F.H.V HENDRICKS.
In the Play That Made Htm Famous,
OLE OLSON!
POPULAR PRICES— Evening. 75c. 5»c 2Se.
&fatln*ea, C5>-. h-c.
JTST TO PAPS THE TIME AWAY.
FOURTH AND LAST WEEK OF
THE JOLLY
MUSKETEER!
tht: reft coinc ope?*a in- tzars.
Ever.lr.gs at S Matlne* Saturday at J.
NEXT MONDAY NIGHT
"CINDERELLA "
WILL DE WITH YOU, BRINGING YL*LE-
TIDE FCN AND FROLIC.
POPULAR PRICES— 20 centg and SO cent*.
Telephone Hush 9.
OLYMPIA <3E^J-6*
THE ONLY FRF-E VAUDEVILLE SHOW IN
THE CITT.
ENGAGEMENT ~ EXTRAORDINARY.
Hunt's Dog Circus,
Or.* of the Bert Animal A<"t« Ever Seen in Ran
Francisco.
MABEL HUDSON,
In Borne Entirely New Bong*.
MISS MAE LEONDOR,
Vaud«!r!Il«'« STr«««»test Finding Oomefllenne.
AND OUR CELEBRATED STOCK COMPANY
AilATEt'R NIGHT EVERY FRIDAY.
MATINEE KVERY SUNTJAY.
ADMISSION FREE.
LECTURE
MRS. JENNESS MILLER,
Un«w th# Au*p!e*w of THE WOMEN'S PRESS
ASSOCIATION.
Fubject: "KNOWLEDGE WHICH IS POWER,
OB THE ART OF LIVING."
SHERMAN & CLAY BALL,
SATURDAY, December 15,
2:21 Pl m.
FOTIAL RECEPTION 4 P. M.
TirfcMt can be necured at Sherman & Clay*§
• nd M. H. Ober & Co.'m. S» Geary atreet.
ncrurD'Q concert houScI
COGILL AND COOPER'S COMEDIANS IN
•ALL MIXED!" "ALL MIXED!"
A HOST OF SPECIALTIES AND MUSICAL
ACTS!
R*?i»rv*a »"ats. 25c. Matinees Sunday.
IEEEY CALL
61 per Year.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
This Cape
$25.
Regular value $35.00
Of the finest electric seal (a
very stylis-h fur resembling
sealskin) with a yoke of fine
black marten.
An exceptionally handsome
parment. extremely fashlon-
1 able and In an entirely new
cut.
. Elegantly lined with heavy
brocaded silk.
-This Is a special offer made
for thlji week only.
$25.00 each.
NEUTRA FUR COLLAR-
ETTES. Keutra fur is* a rich
brown fur resembling beaver.
The yoke Is of electric seal.
It is finished with four tails
and beautifully lined— 10
inches deep.
$12.50 each.
Al«o in tab effects with
eight tails for $15.00
Open evenings. Mall orders
filled. , ,
HXiebea
&> Company
INCORSORATtr^NEW TOUK, Dec. 12.— Activity In a large
number of usually Cormant securities was
taken by traders to-day to demonstrate ln
cre&Bed Interest in the stock market on the
l>r^eent outelde public. Gains In these proper
tits were more extensive than In the usual
market lf-aders and extended to 4 points In
eom<» cases. Generally Fpeaking the market
fiurlnr the forenoon displayed great animation
and strength with speculative Interest radiat
ing from one group of etock* to another. Fac
tors which contributed to the day's rise In
cluded traffic statements for the first week of
ifcxember. embracing all sections of the coiin
tir and showing substantial lacreafea) The
Nezv York Stock Market.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels ..57.000 IS 000
Wheat. bU3hels 108,000 1S0.000
Corn, bushels 255,000 55,000
Oats, bushels ,V. ....... 275, 000 77.300
Rye, bushels ....:........ 10,000 6,000
Barley, bushels .....120,000 23 C«0
Cash quotaiens were as follows: Flour, easy
No. 3 spring wheat, 71@ L T2c; No. 2 red. 72@75c-
No. 2 corn. 3"Uc; No. 2 yellow, 37Hc; No 2
oatr. 22%@23c; No. 2 white, 25%@26c; No' 3
white, 25U@26c; No. 2 rye, 49<g«0c; good feed
ing barley, 40!??47%c: fair to choice malting
aXaCOc; No. 1 flaxseed, $1 61; No. 1 Northwest
ern. $1 65; mess pork, per ban-el. $11 25@ll 3VA
lard, per 100 pounds, J7 15@7 17^; short ribs
sides (loose), $8 20@G 50; dry salted shoulders
(boxed). 5%«?6',4c; short clear sides (boxed)
$6 C0(g6 70: whisky, basis of high wines, Jl 27
sugars, cut loaf. 6.22c; granulated, 5.70c; con
fectioners' A, 5. Sue; off A, 5.40c; clover, con
tract grade, SlOfrlO 25.
* _ #.
CHICAGO. Dec. 12.— Wheat was moderately
active the greater part of the session. May
opened %c lower at 73Vl l 373%c under the in
fluence of a decline at Liverpool. For a mo
ment only was local stuff for sale. Trade™
fourd their offerings taken with a readlnes
that startled them, and sentiment veered in
consequence. A better cash demand was re
ported, and on this report shorts covered.
Commission houses executed outside buying
orders which also atded prices. Later the
smaller primary receipts helped the advance
alorg and May touched 74%c. On the bulge
some long stuff came out. but the close was
firm. May %c higher at 73 T^@74c.
Corn was firm because of small receipts and
the wheat strength. May cloned He hlpher at
26H<f?36Vic, December closed %c up at 87%c
Oats were generally quiet, but firm, in sym
pathy with wheat. May %®>ic higher at 23%
©23%c.
Provisions were dull and steady. The mar
ket opened lower on heavy hog receiptn. but
held steady on local support. January pork
closed oc lower, lard 2Hc down and ribs un
changed.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
M1LLSTUFFS — Prices : In sacks are as fol
lows, UBual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 73; Rye
Meal, $2 DO; Rice > Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $2 75;
extra cream do, J3 60; Oat Groats, $4 60; Hom
iny, $3 E08J3 75; Buckwheat - Flour, $4^4 25;
Cracked Wheat. S3 50; Farina. SI 50; Whole
FLOOR- California Family Extras. $3 2h<Q
3 50, usual* terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 15@3 25;
Oregon, $2 75^2 83 per barrel for family and
J2 75ti3 for bakers'; Washington, bakers'
J2 7503. .
Flour and Millstu ffs.
CORN— Continues quiet at the easier prices.
California Yellow, |1 15@1 20; California White
$1 10; Eastern Yellow, $1 15@1 20; White, %l 10;
Eastern mixed, $1 12H per c,tl.
RYE— 858S"%c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at Jl 75@2 per ctl.
OATS — Remain flrjn at the quotations.
White. $1 30@l 60; Surprise, nominal; Red, Jl 25
©1 40 for feed and $1 3o@l 43 for seed; Gray,
nominal: Black, for feed, $1 10@l 20; for seed.
$1 20-31 30 per ctl. IS,
CALL BOARD SALES,
Informal Seeslon— 9:15 o'clock— May— 2000 ctls.
72Hc.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session — No sales.
Feed, 75c for choice bright, 72>4o for No. 1
nnd 67V4670C for oft grades; Brewing and Ship
pins grades. 77V4®82%c; Chevalier, nominal.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— May— 2000 ctls, $1 03T4.
Regular Morning Session— May— 0000 ctls
$1 04; 4000, $1 04H; 8000. $1 04V«: 2000. $1 04%.
Afternoon Session — May — 24,000 ctls, |l O4V4.
December— 1901— 14,000, ?1 09%.
BARLEY— There Is no further decline, and
the feeling Is steady.
CALL BOARD SALES,
Chicago was a shade lower on unfavorable
cables. The demand was moderate. Later on
there was some buying from the Northwest
and some outside support. Commission houses
eold more or less. Offerings were small. There
was a decrease in pressure on account of slow
ly decreasing stocks. Minneapolis wired a
probable Increase of S00.000 bushels, as com
pared with an Increase of 77,000 last Monday.
December State reports were published as fol
lows: Kansas, 99.7, with an Increased area
of 7 per cent; Ohio, 81; Michigan, 82; Illinois,
93 to 102, with 10 per cent less area.
In . the local markets futures were firmer,
but spot prices were unchanged.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 9714c; Milling, $1 02U
©1 05 per ctl.
WHEAT— The foreign markets showed little
change, though cables were weak and disap
pointing. New York was several fractions
firmer.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days '.. — $4 82H
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 86%
Sterling Cables — 4 874
New York Exchange, sight — 2^4
New York Exchange, telegTaphic — 6
Fine Silver, per ounce — 64H
Mexican Dollars, nominal SOH 9 61
Exchange and Bullion.
Weather Report.
O20tli Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Dec. 12—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
£ate as compared with these of the same date
last season, and rainfalls in the last 24 hours:
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
E0; jninln-.um. 42: mean. 46.
A etorm of moderate en*rcy overlies Wash
ington and Northern Oregon. During the past
24 houra there has been a rise In pressure along
the ooaet of California and Southern Oregon,
and there are come Indications that the dis
turbance ¦will move rapidly eastward over Idaho
and Montana. The weather has been generally
cloudy aJor.ff the coast with r&ln from San
Francisco northward. At Neah Bay 1.02 Inches
have fallen.
A maximum wind velocity of 26 miles per
hour from the south Is reported at Portland.
The temperature has remained nearly etation
«j-y ov«r the southern half of the Pacific Slope.
In the treat vaileys of California the tem
peratures are from 6 to 9 decrees below the
normal.
Forecast made at San Francisco for 30 hours
ending midnlR-ht December 13. 1300:
Northern California — Shower* Thursday In
central and northern portions, oloudy In eouth
crn portion: v.armer la the interior; brisk
southerly winds.
Southern California— Cloudy Thursday; light
nrwtherly wind.
Nrrada — Cloudy Thurnlay with light rain In
northern portion.
trtah — Cloudy Thursday.
Arizona— Fair Thursday.
Ban Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy Thurs
day with occasional showers: fresh southwest
wind. ALEXANDER O. ilcADIE.
Forecast Official.
CALL CALENDAR.
DECEMBER. 1903.
"Prime evaporated apples on the spot are
Elightly easier. Choice Is firm at previous quo
tations and fancy is higher. Both choice and
fancy are in quite {rood demand from the Job-
Mnj? trade. 'Waste and chop* are excited and
hlpher. Pales of watte are reported as high as
$1 27U and of chops at fl 30."
"Ourrar.ts are easy, but In fair demand.
Grx>ds can probably be bought at a Flight shad
ing. Nc-w Hal'.owi dates on rpol are entirely
cleaned up. Khadrawi are In light supply and
held at 4 1 «c. Sair are slightly lower at 2\c.
The email lot of dates brought by the Menoml
nee from London are understood to have been
mostly Sair. The Manitou. due Uecembor 11.
wlil brir.g JS.^OO boxes of dates. The mark't
™ these goods tends to become easier as the
day of arrival approaches. Figs are slow.
lYuneF are fairly active. Fancy apricots are
reported firmer on the coast, but no change
is noted here.
Mall advices from New York Fay: "The ral
*ir. market Is very lrregnlar and unsettled.
The leeling In California layers was. If any
thing, Ellghtly firmer yesterday than was ex
pected. The bulk of the goods sold at Wednes
day's auction sale is believed to be in strong
hands. Feme refaJes were made yesterday at
a good profit. Tart of the 3-crown layers,
which sold for low prices a t th,e Bale, is re
in rted to have been turned over yesterday at
$1 &>. No pales of 2-rrown were reported.
Dried Fruits in New York.
The National Cashbox.
Thp statement of cash In the United States
Treasury for December 1 Is classified as fol
lows :
lieserve fund—
GoM coin and tars JUO.OOO.OOO 00
Trust fund-
Gold coin r^.f^7.S79 00
Blrvw dollars 42.'..374.<>jO 00
Filvcr dollars of l«<0 i.847.749 O0
Fllvpr bars of 1SS0 r.7.€.'..2r.l M
I'nited States notes 1.630,000 CO
Oeneral fund-
Gold coin and bars 7'>.474.7C5 4i>
Gold oertincatPs 22.761.030 00
Fllver cprtifioates S.7C0.SSS 04
Silver dollars 1.21S.207 00
Silver bullion 3,714,. r ,99 S3
United States notes U.321.&'? 04
Treasury notes of 1SS0 S6.€7i) f-0
National bank notep 5.343.129 98
Frartlrmal Filvcr coin E.4S2.S66 fi
Fractional currency 62 46
Minor coin 256.324'""
Miscellaneous 43, CSS 73
National Bank repositories —
Credit Treasurer V. S f3.013.?73 F3
Credit C. S. Disb. Officers 6.415.0S0 90
Total $1,114,451,567 C9
The Slsn.WO.OOO Jn the reserve fund is not dis
turbed. The amounts In the other funds com
pare as follows with the 1st October report:
Nov. 1. Dec. 1
Trust funds $740,065,679 $744,519,379
General fund 123.6K.053 124.513.D34
Ixjpoeitorles &6.47S.H5 S5.4I9.0i;
Coin Certificates.
TT.e Government coin certificates in circu
lation November 30 were as follows:
3S99. 1900.
Cold $150,908,202 $r31,246,34.>
Silver 3S»,»2.SC') 421.613.407
Treasury B7.4U.eS0 C3.361.3T)
Total JCJ2.C42.CS2 f716.^:i,CN0
There was an Sr.crease of I15.450.Oi 1 ) in the
amount of Gold certificates In circulation last
raor.th and a net decrease of f2.100.600 in Treas
ury notes.
The Circulation.
According to a Treasury statement the
mor.ey in circulation in the United States on
T>ecerr.ber 1 was as follows:
Gold coin J?:4.7C2.ni3
M.ver dollars 73.S11.334
i^mall silver 81.717.60S
Gold certificates 23L246.349
Silver certificates 421,613,407
Treasury notes C3.361.330
Ur.Ked States notes 333.663.359
Currency certificates L.C9Q.00Q
National bar.k notes 3I6.&19.17C
Totsl 52.15S.761.3€7
In 1E55 1.S7S.E2S.733
Increase IISO.232,634
There was a net increase of $19,600,000 for
the month of November, including J3.0"0.000 in
sold coin and I15.COO.O">0 in gold certificate*.
The amount of circulation per capita iis $2?.M,
Xhe highest yet reported. A year ago the rate
¦was J^j.tj.
Union Trust Company (as trustees of estatn
of Samuel Lachman, deceased) (owner) with
Louis Yung (contractor), architects Hemen
way & Miller— Plumbing work. etc.. In build-
Ing of concrete, brick and wood construction
on SE line of Brannan street. 275 NE of
Fourth. NE 137:6 by SE 273: $2193.
James L. Flood (owner) (by Mahoney Bros.,
attorneys) with Otis Elevator Company <a cor
poration (contractors), architect Julius E.
Krafft— One electric passenger elevator and on*
electric dumb waiter for a three-story and
basement residence on N line of Broadway.
137:6 W of Buchanan street. W 137:6. N 173. E
137:44. S 17:6. E 14 Inches, S 157:6; $3250.
American Biscuit Company (owners) with
Robinson & Gillespia (contractors), architects
Wright & Sanders— Addition to a brick, stone
and wood structure on NW corner of Broad
way and Battery St.; $3558.
Builders' Contracts.
Business was fair in the afternoon, with no
pronounced fluctuations.
There was the usual good business on the
Oil Exchange, with better prices for California-
Standard and Caribou and lower prices for
Four Oil.
The annual meeting of the Alaska Packers'
Association will be held January 8.
The Spring Valley Water Company has de
clared a monthly dividend of 42 cents per share,
payable on the 20th.
The Security Savings Bank has declared the
usual semi-annual dividends of 3 per cent on
ordinary and 3.60 per cent per annum on term
deposits, payable on January 2.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY. Dec. 12—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bld.Ask. Bld.Ask.
4s quar coup.. 115411* 4s do cp (new).13S 13S4
4s do reg 1144115 3s do coup 109% —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Day Co P Co.10441054 1 Oak Water 6s.. 1C44 —
Cal-st Cab 3s. Ill) — Oceanic SS 6s.H041H
C C Water 6s. 109 — Om C Ry 6s...l2S 129&
Ed L & P 6s... 131 — Pac G Imp 4s. 101 —
F & Cl Ry 6s. — — P & Cl Ry 6s. .106 —
Geary-st R 5s. — 95 P & O R R 6s.ll54 —
H C & S 54s.. — — Powell-st R 6s. 118 —
Do 5s 101% — Sac E G&R 5s. 994100
L A Ry 6s.... 1104 — S F & SJV 6s.U9% _
L A Lt Co 6s.. — 103 S R of Cal 6s.. — 113
Do gntd 6s... — — S P R of A 6s.ll3 —
L A gntd 5s — 102 S P C 6s (1905
L A P R R 5s. ICO — 1 (Series A).... 1094 —
Market-st 6s. ..128% — | Do (Series B)U0^4 —
Do 1st M 5s.l22% — Do (1906) 112 112%
N C N G R 7s. — 114 Do (1912) m —
N R of Cal 6s. 114% — S P R 1st g 6*. 1074 —
Do 5s 119 — S P R 63 131Vi —
N P C R R 63.101 — S V Water 6s. 114% —
Do 5s .: 108 — Do 4s 1034 —
N Cal Ry 6s... 110% — Do 2d mtge. 1014102
Oak G L & 11.110?* — Stktn Gas 6s. 100 103
Oak Tran 6s.. 11341204
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 71H 72 Spring Valley. 93% 94
Marln County. 51», 2 —
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
CentL&PCo— 44(Pac L Co — 44
Eqult G L Co. 3% 3S'Sac E G&R Co — 36
Mutual L Co. — 8 is F G & E... — 47%
O G L &-II 50 — San Francisco 44 «*i
Tac Gas Imp.. 474 4S%|Stktn G&E Co— 14
INSURANCE STOCKS.
FIrem's Fund.228 —
BANK STOCKS.
Anglo-Cal Ltd. 74 77 First Natlonal.300 —
Bank of Cal. ..409 — Lon P & A 143 —
Cal S D & T.. - 1054 Merchants' Ex 15% —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L.... — 1900 Sav & L So... — —
Hum S & L... — — Sec Sar Bk...26O —
Mut Sav Bk... 50 — Union T Co.... — —
S F Sav Un...52O —
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California ....1294 — O S L & H-... S3 —
Geary-st 45 — Presidio 17 21
Market-st 704 —
POWDER STOCKS.
California —,160 Vigorit 8% 3H
Giant Con Co. Si 84%
SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana S P Co. 7% 1% Kllauea S Ov. 21 214
Haw C & S Co 90 — Makawelt S Co 41% —
Honokaa S Co. 31% 3! Onomea S Co. 2*-, —
Hutch S P Co. 25% 26 Paauhau S Co. 31% —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Al Pack Assn.1244 — Pac A F A... 2% —
Cal Fruit Asn.103% — Pac C Bor Co. — —
Mer Ex Assn.. 97 100 Par Paint Co.. 124 —
Oceanic S Co.. 104 106
Morning Session.
Board —
$15,000 Bay Counties Power Co 5s 104 25
25 California Fruit Canners' 103 73
300 Equitable Gas 3 75
10 Hutchinson S P Co 25 624
73 Makaweli S Co 42 CO
165 Market Street Railway 70 50
50 S F.Gas & Electric Co, 8 30 43 75
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 43 73
50 S F Gas & Electric Co 48 CO
115 S F Gas & Electric Co 4S 50
50 S F Gas & Electric Co. s 90 48 73
25 S F Gas & Electric Co 47 01
75 S F Gas & Electric Co 47 12Vi
50 S F Gas & Electric Co 47 25
65 Spring Valley Water 94.00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
5 Alaska Packers' Association 124 50
60 Contra Costa Water 71 25
50 Contra Costa Water 71 50
100 Equitable Gas 3 624
100 Equitable Gaa 3 30
50 Giant Powder Con 84 00
30 Honokaa S Co 31 87H
95 Kllauea 8 P Co 21 00
15 Makawell S Co 42 M
$2000 Market Street Railway con 6s 122 50
5 Oceanic S S Co 101 0O
125 Paauhau 8 P Co 32 00
80 S F Gas & Electric Co 47 37^
20 S F Gas & Electric Co 47 50
140 S F Gas & Electric Co 47 25
$500 U S 3a 109 75
Street —
$4000 Market Street Railway 1st con 5s. ...122 50
5 Spring Valley Water 94 00
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
800 California-Standard jj
100 Caribou 53
1600 Caribou 60
S0O Four Oil Co _ „. 50'
200 Hanford-Fresno-Kern River 49
35 Kern Oil Co 10 CO
10O Lion Oil Co 30
100 Lion Oil Co 23
1000 McKlttrick 40
100 MeKlttriek Consolidated 42
100 McKlttrick Consolidated 41
1000 Monarch of Arizona 41
10O11 City Petroleum 3050
10 Oil City Petroleum, b SO 31 00
40 Petroleum Center 22
COO Reed Crude Oil Co 43
200'San Joaquln Oil & Dev. b 60 9 25
60 San Joaquln Oil & Dev 900
60 Twenty-Eight % 45
Street—
600 Occidental of W Va «
10O0 Independence 22
100 San Joaquln Oil & Dev. b 60 f 25
Afternoon Session.
Board—
100 Four Oil Co «
223 Four Oil Co go
6 Honford lls 0O
100 Home Oil 4 45
, 200 McKittrick Consolidated 41
500 Monte Crlsto 1 50
800 Petroleum Center 22
400 Petroleum Center .'. *i
200 Reed Crude Oil Co 43
200 Shamrock \ 09
37 Twenty-Eight „ 2 40
600 Twenty-Eight 245
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY, Dec. 12—2:30 p. m.
# »
Gaa and Electric advanced sharply from
$45 75 to {47 25 on the morning session of the
Bond Exchange under cctlve sales. The other
stocks stood about the same. •
I fact that as yet money rates have not ex-
I ceeded 0 per cent ar.J that to-day the highest
figv.res made was 54. which tapered off to 4
per cent before the clobe. rendered speculators
I less uneasy. With th-i absorption by the sub
1 treasury on Internal revenue collections and
transfers to the Interior the banks thus far
this week have lost $3,200,000. Rates for ex
change continued to yield, sixty-day bills de
cllr.ln* 'i per cent. It is understood lhat the
question of imports of gold is being considered
by a prominent Institution on the basis of al
lowing Interest on the money while in transit.
With this relief apparently In sight should
conditions become stringent in the money mar
ket fpec-ulative i>ools became active and forced
considerable covering of short lines. The mar-
Icet for Americans abroad was described as
buoyant and the arbitrage houses bought about
33,000 shares on balance for London. This de
mand was primarily responsible for the weak
ness In sterling exchange rates as offerings
of commercial acceptances were only moderate.
At the outlet of business the coal stocks were
the principal features and generally got well
above last night's cloee on an enormous de
i mand. Th?«=e pronertlvs later on showed the
effect of heavy realizations. Heavy buying ;
developed in the slow stocks owing to en- j
couraglng reports of the trade outlook. Tin
plate made the extreme rise of 276, but Steel
and Wire was the most active and a good
second with a gain of 24. There was very
I heavy buying at intervals In the grangers,
! and some of the Southwestern stocks. During
j the early afternoon after the foreign buying j
I had ceased the demand showed signs of ex
haustion and prices were Inclined to yield. In
I the final hour a raid ¦«vas made on Tennessee
Coal and the stock broke 4% on a rumor that
the directors were in session and had passed J
the quarterly dividend on the stock. This :
unsettled the entire market and prices fell
away rapidly, averaging a point for the most
prominent railroads and extending to 24 in
the specialties. Tlnplate being most affected.
When It became known that the report of the
dlvlden.i action on Tennessee Ccal was un
founded the Ftock rallie'l 2 points and all other
flocks ivco\ered somewhat, speculation leav
ir.c oTf strong again and active.
HutineFs in bonds w«s very heavy, notable
strength being displayed by Kansas and Texas
i^RUf-j. Total sales, par value, $3,070,000.
United States refunding 2s (registered) ad
\anced 4 and new 4s U per cent on the last
<a!l.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares C lo«ing
hold. Ftocks— litj !
16.M3O Atchlson 334
23.M*) Atchtson prefd S4U
2.HM Baltimore & Ohio go%
Canadian Pacific 57
100 Canada Southern &S4
8.CT.Q Chesapeake & Ohio 37^
2.2.7> Chicago Groat Western 141;
12.4.«5 Chicago Burlington & Qulncy 137%
1,000 Chicago Ind & Louisville 23
J.200 Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd 53 •
3<>0 Chicago & Eastern Illinois 974.
1.200 Chicago & Northwestern 163
7.200 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific llS^i
2.HK) C C C & St Louis 67
2.400 Colorado Southern 7
2,600 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 43?;
2,535 Colorado Southern 2d prefd 18
8,153 Delaware & Hudson 119
240 Delaware Lack & Western l*4'i
1,400 Denver & Rio Grande 25**,
2.f£0 Denver & Rio Grande prefd SO*.
31.000 Erie 1774
19.700 Erie 1st prefd «u
1.3S0 Great Northern prefd 1804
300 Hocking Coal 16
900 Hocking Valley 39
12,220 Illinois Central 124%
Iowa Central U4
Iowa Central prefd : 44
4,113 Lake Erie & Western 39v4
1,400 Lake Erie & Western prefd 103
150 Lake Shore 225
6.300 Louisville & Nashville 83K
lS.3r»0 Manhattan L lO9^i
4,525 Metropolitan Street Railway 167%fc
&20 Mexican Central 13»£
1.2r>0 Minneapolis & St Louis 67
100 Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 1074
9,200 Missouri Pacific 604
M0J> Mobile & Ohio 43
3.200 Missouri Kansas & Texas 13%
2»,7.">0 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 39%
1.2O0 New Jersey Central 144
7.1S0 New York Central 141%
7,351) Norfolk & Western 43
Norfolk & Western prefd 81%
17.135 Northern Pacific 71H
1.M5 Northern Pacific prefd 82*1
4^,310 Ontario & Western 774
Oregon Railway & Nav 42
Oregon Railway & Nav prefd 76
11.500 Pennsylvania 1424
12.. r *0 Uoari.nc 214
4«.2f>0 Heading 1st prefd 66"*
10,400 Reading 2d prefd 34
Rio Grande Western 65
400 Hlo Grande Western prefd 94
3.1C0 Pt Louis & San Fran 191,4
' St Louis & San Fran l»t prefd 75
2.6SO St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 49*4
300 Et Ix>uis Southwestern 15%
E.I00 St Louis Southwestern prefd 37»i
26.600 St Paul 127%
2fO St Paul prefd 173
300 Pt Paul & Omaha 121
i:,6S0 Southern Pacific 42H
J.COO Southern Railway l$4
10.700 Southern Railway prefd 6S
7.200 Texas & Pacific 20%
13.700 Union Pacific 724
2.670 I'nlon Pacific prefd SHi
2.630 IVabash 94
3,400 Wabash prefd ; 22^
7.4CO Wheeling & Lake Erie 10%
3,000 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd 28
200 Wisconsin Central 11
210 Third Avenue 1J6
3,020 Baltimore & Ohio prefd 83%
3.653 National Tube 61%
National Tube prefd 102
Express Companies
Adams 14J 1
300 American 16fi
200 United States 51
Wells Fargo 133
Miscellaneous—
200 American Cotton Oil 31%
500 American Cotton Oil prefd 91
100 American Malting prefd 4%
150 American Malting prefd 25
1S.1C0 American Smelting & Refining 54%
600 American Smelting & Refining pfd. 91
American Spirits 21
American Spirits prefd 17
5,145 American Steel Hoop 30%
800 American Steel Hoop prefd 78
44,400 American Steel & Wire 43%
3,300 American Steel & Wire prefd S64
2.900 American Tin Plate 45%
2,700 American Tin Plate prefd 89
8,300 American Tobacco 107%
American Tobacco prefd 130
1,000 Anaconda Mining Co 47%
33.200 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 72^
6,433 Colorado Fuel & Iron 51%
> 500 Continental Tobacco ZZIi,
1.700 Continental Tobacco prefd 834
43.250 Federal Steel 52H
6,110 Federal Steel prefd 77>i
400 General Electric 169
100 Olucose Sugar 524
Olueose. Sugar prefd 100
200 International Paper 22»i
• 300 International Paper prefd 724
400 Laclede Gas 70
National Biscuit 37V4
National Biscuit prefd 91
National Lead 19
100 National Lead prefd 924
9.20() National Steel 28
&M NafJonal Steel prefd 92
New York Air Brake 160
1.C25 North American l»%
150 Pacific Coast 58
Pacific Coast lot prefd 85
Pacific Coast M prefd CK
3.600 Pacific Mall 43%
7,000 People's Gas 694
1,500 Pressed Steel Car SO
Pressed Steel Car prefd 84
Pullman Palace Car 200
200 Standard Rope & Twine 5
18,700 Sugar 12^%
240 Pugar prefd 11s
15.950 Tennessee Coal & Iron fiHi
6.410 United States Leather 134
1.300 United States Leather prefd 75%
10,300 United States Rubber 23V4
1.9.10 United States Rubber prefd 834
S.200 Western Union 83%
6.OJS Republic Iron & Steel Co 1«
1,500 Republic Iron & Steel prefd... «59»
P C C ft St Louis............... M
6,847 Amalgamated Copper 024
S40.300 Shares sold.
Continued advance in White Beans.
Pciaiocs zi'cak under hcayy receipts.
Onions and J'cgctablcs unchanged.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs continue in light supply and steady.
Fresh and Dried Fruits as before quoted.
Ko change in Provisions.
Meat market lightly stocked and firm.
Oil stocks continue to sell well.
Local stocks and bonds moving moderately.
Cottolene marked down.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Sihrr and Exchange as before.
Ji'hcat futures firmer. Xo further decline in Barley.
Oats, Corn and Rye unchanged.
Hax zccjIc under liberal arrivals. Bran steady.
NEW YORK, Dec. 12.— Money on call, steady
at 4g5 per cent: last loan, 44- Prime mer
cantile paper, 4^(55 per cent. Sterling ex
change, easy, with actual business in bankers'
bills at $1 $4^4 844 for demand and at $4 80*4
<iJH Wvfc for eixty days. Posted rates. $i 814^
4 S2 and $4 £54^4 86. Commercial bills, $4 SO
$04. Silver certificates. 6»@65c. Bar silver,
644c Mexican dollars. EOVic. 'Bonds — Govern
ment, strong; State, Inactive; railroad. Irregu
lar.
NEW YORK. Dec. 12.— FLOUR— Receipts.
16.675 bbls; exports, 29.3P1 bbls; sales, 10,100
packages; market firm and held a shade higher,
with a fair business reported at old prices;
Minnesota patent, $4@4 25.
WHEAT— Receipts. 19.425 bushels; * exports,
163,615 bushels; Bales, 2.875.000 bushels futures,
fcOC.000 bushels spot; spot, firm and active; No.
2 red, 7S%c f. o. b. aJfloat; No. 2 red, 77c ele
vator: No. 1 Northern Duluth, 83^ic f. o. b.
! afloat: No. 1 hard Duluth. SSVic f. o. b. afloat.
Options were from opening depression, caused
by disappointing cables, hardened gradually
Into positive strength on small primary re
ceipts, continued better milling demand and
: active covering. Th» afternoon market wa«
particularly strong on St. Louis buying, a
heavy export business, general bull sentiment,
higher Western markets and liberal clearances;
closed firm at %c net advance; No. 2 January,
77%@77"6c, closed at 77%c; March. 79%@79?4c,
closed at 7976c; May, 79@79 ll-16c, closed at
79%c; December, 76?iS77c, closed at 77c.
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES-Firm.
WOOL— Quiet.
COFFEE— Spot quiet: Cordova. 94@13Vic:
No. 7 Rio. 7V4c; futures closed steady, with
prices 10^15 points net lower; total sales, 22.750
bags, Including December, $5 70; January, $5 80;
February, »5 90; March. $5 95f 6; May, $6 Co®
6 10.
SUGAR — Raw. stead}': fair refining, 3 29-32c;
centrifugal. 90 test, 3 13-32c; molasses sugar,
3 21-S2c; refined, quiet.
BUTTER— Receipts, 3053 packages; steady;
creamery. IS^Sc; June creamery, 18i@234c;
factory, 12$ 154c.
EGGS — Receipts, 6337 packages: steady: West
ern regular packing, at mark. 22@27c; Western,
loss off, 29c.
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW TORK. Dec. 12.— The market for evap
orated apples displayed no radical change from
the previously noted conditions, the market
ruling quiet but steady, with a fair Inquiry
experienced for deelrable qualities at fully
sustained prices on the basts of 4@5c for com
mon; prime, 4%<g'5>4c; choice. 54Q'6c; fancy,
6Q7c
California dried fruits were dull, but steady.
PRUNES— 34SS4c per pound, as to size and
quality. /
APRICOTS— Royal. 11 -314c ; Moorpark, 15J?16c.
PEACHES— Peeled. 16@20c; unpeeled. 6*390.
A T czv York Money Market.
LONDON. Dec. 12.— Atchison, 414: Canadian
Pacific. 89%; Union Pacific prefd. S4U: North
ern Pacific prefd, 86; Grand Trunk. 64: Ana
conda. 9" 8 . Bar silver steady, 29?*d per
ounce. Money, £©24 per cent.
CLOSING.
NEW YORK, Dec. 12.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets were moderately active and cheer
ful to-day, last night's announcement that the-
Government had postponed borrowing £11,000.
000 for the war until February exercising a fa
vorable Influence. There were also hopes of
the capture of Dewet. Americans began very
sanguine. New York support wan rather dis
appointing and the close was under the best.
London Market.
CLOSING BONDS.
F- %*? ref TeB 104»ijN Y Cent lsts 10<>5'»
h 0 * S ret COUp.it-.104UjN J Cent gen 5s....l27T«
V S 3s reg 109%JN Paclnc 3s 70>i
V S 2s coup 109»j x Pacific 4s HKHi
U S now 4s reg....i3SU N Y C & St L 4s..lO7?i
T' o n £? * s c °up..l3SU N & W con 4s 99ii
T- § ,1 * <s reg 114\4 Or Nav lsts ..1O>
U .S oia 4s coup...ll5V» Or Nav 4s 102H
O .s ss reg uz% | Or Short Line 6s..l2V
™S BS ™ up 112% Or S Line con 6s..ll7" 3
V L. of Co1 3 - 6r 'S— 12414 Heading Gen 4s... 92-%
Atchison gen 4s K2 R G W lsts 100'
Atohison adj 4b... SSWjSt L & I M con 5s. 113
I : anada fco 2ds WS% Kt L & S F gen 6s.l2S
££ w 9. hio 4 '^--104 St Paul consols.... 17S%
then & Ohio i.s....l20»; St P C & V lsts...l20M.
n v i£2S :s ---130»i|.St P C & P 5s.. ..122 "
C& X\V SVdeb us. 121 So Pacific 4s S2%
i, ?° JT erminal **f. 93Vi So Railway 5s 112;g
f olo Southern 4s.. 84\ Stand R & T 6s.... 70
D & R G 4s 101Vi Tex & Pac lsts 114
h r \.t ? e £ eral 4s "- S1 'i Tec & Pac 2ds 7S
f, " *f D c l"ts.... 79 Union Pacific 4s. ...107
t*en Electric 5s 142 Waba»n lsts 116Vi
Iowa Central lsts. .115^4 Wabash 2ds 106V*
V f^, x D L " I4s m West Shore 4s 115
H K & T 2ds 74% Wls Central lsts.... 874
M K & T 4s 45H Va Centuries 94
MINING STOCKS.
foliar 12 Ontario 60
.rown Point 03 Plymouth -OS
Con Cal & Va 1 25|Qulcksilver 1 25
Deadwood 64 Quicksilver prefd.. 7 00
Gould & Curry.... 4S Sierra Nevada 23
Hale & Norcross... 15 Standard '. 2 S3
Homestake 60 00 Union Con 20
Iron Silver 70|VeUow Jacket IS
Mexican 70!Brunswlck 11
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Rubber 27H
Call loans 4 @5 Union Pacific 72^4
rime loans 44®54 Union Land 24
Stocks— West End «93
A T & S F ..... 39% Westinghouse E4.. 54',4
American Sugar. -.126% Bonds-
Am Sucar prefd. ..115 Atchison 4s 10H*
Bell Telephone 154 Mlnlns Shares-
Boston & Albany. 250 Adventure 6*1
Boston Elevated.. .135 Allouez Min Co.... IVi
Boston & Maine.. .1?C Amalg Copper 91?»
Chgo. Bur & Q....137}* Atlantic 26
Dominion Coal 38Vi Boston & Mont.. ..327
Dom Coal prefd.. .1124 llutte & Boston.... 60
Federal Steel 52% Calumet & Hecla..S10
Fed Steel prefd 77'.; Centennial 20
Fitchburg prefd.... 138Vi Franklin 152
General Electric. .1704 O*ceo<a 724-
Gen Eloc prefd 146 Parrot 474
Ed Elec 111 217 Oulncy 170
Mexican Central... 13%!Santa Fe Copper... 64
Mich Telephone. ..."85 ramarack 27S
N B Gas & Coke.. 11% Utah Mining 33%
Old Colony 2C2 Wlnona 3Vi
Old Dominion 27% < Wolverines 36
CORN— Spot American mixed, quiet, new,
4s lV6d; old, 4s 2Hd. Futures, quiet; Decem
ber, 4s 3',4d; January. 3s 10%d; March, 3s 9%d.
WHEAT-Spot, quiet; No. 1 California, 6s
2%d; No. 2 red Western winter, 5s llHd; No.
1 Northern spring, 6s 2V4d. Futures, steady;
December, 5s 10%d; March, Gs %d.
LIVERPOOL. Dec. 12.— Wheat, steady; No.
1 standard California, 6s lldQSs HHd; wheat
in Paris, dull; flour in Paris, firm; French
country markets, quiet and steady; weather In
England, overcast.
COTTON— Uplands, 5 9-32d.
CLOSING.
LONDON, Dec. 12.— Consols.. 97 9-16; sliver,
29%d; French rentes, 102f 15c; cargoes on pas
sage, quiet and steady; cargoes Walla Walla,
23s; English country markets, dulL
Foreign Markets.
WASHINGTON,
TACOMA. Dec. 12.— Wheat is quiet and nom
inally unchanged. Blue stem. 57c; club, 64c.
Cleared— BritlFh ship Ardencralg with 116,162
bushels of wheat: British ship Dunsyre with
127,513 bushels of wheat, and French bark Gen
eral Mlllinet with 92,329 bushels of wheat, all
for Queenstown.
PORTLAND. Dec. 12.— Wheat Is steady In
sympathy with the advance in the Eoct. Walla
Wella. 51' — "c; blue stem, 67c.
OREGON,
Northern Wheat Market.
• j
PORTLAND. Or., Dec. 12.— Clearings, $430,240;
balances, $o4.429.
Portland's Business.
NEW YORK. Dee. 12.— At the start weak
Liverpool cables, large foreign selling orders,
larger receipts than expected and liquidation
gave the market an easy undertone and forced
prices oft 1 to 10 points. After a slight addi
tional decline the market quickly steadied on
room profit-taking. Later prices rushed up
ward until a net rise of 13ff?27 points was estab
lished. Trading was active much of the day.
At the close the market was steady, with prices
net 7@12 points higher.
New York Cotton Market.
SHEEP— Receipts. 15,000. Sheep and lambs
active, 10c higher; Christmas yearlings, $4 50®
5; good to choice wethers. $4 10@4 50; fair to
choice mixed, $3 9(Vg4 10; Western sheep, $4$
4 50; Texas sheep. $2 5(i@3 65: native lambs,
one lot fancy Christmas, $6— $4 15©5 25; West
ern lambs, $G@5 75.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 44,000; to-morrow, 30.
000; left over, 4000. Active; generally 6c lower;
closing steady at decline; top, $4 97V4; mixed
and butchers', $4 65®'4 97>^; good to choice
heavy, $4 65@4 95; rough heavy. $1 50@4 60;
light. $4 65<g4 92U: bulk of sales, $4 87H@4 90.
CHICAGO. Dec. 12,— CATTLE— Receipts, 21.
000. Choice, steady; others, slow to 10@15c low
er than Monday. Good to prime steers, $5 35@
6 25; poor to medium, $435 30; selected feeders,
$3 75S'4 25; mixed stockers, $2 25^3 75; cows.
$2 50(34 10; heifers, $2 60® 5; canners, $2(3*2 45:
bulls, $2 65©4 35; caHes. $3 5055 25; Texas fed
steers, $4@4 SO; grassers, $3 25@4; bulls, $2 25®
3 25.
Chicago Livestock Market.
The sales for the week In Boston amounted
to 3,845, 600 pounds domestic and 367.0C0 pounds
foreign, making a total of 4,212.800, against a
total of 3,617,500 for the previous week and a
total of 6.661.000 for the corresponding: week
last year. The sales since January 1 amount
to 140,671.400 pounds, against 341.467.77S pounds
for the corresponding time last year.
There is some Improvement to be noted In
the wool market, although prices cannot as
yet be quoted higher. The demand has in
creased somewhat and the business has been
more diversified. The sales are more generally
distributed in the trade, and the number of
manufacturers who have been buying is larger,
but they are operating very carefully. Manu
facturers are talking more hopefully in sev
eral instances and, feel encouraged as to the
ou'.look for the heavyweight season. The cold
er weather has acted as a stimulus, and this
has been accentuated by the tenor of advices
from abroad, where tops have advanced 1@1V4
per pound, and wool markets are generally
firmer.
BOSTON, Dec. 12.— The American Wool and
Cotton Reporter will say to-morrow:
Boston Wool 'Market.
NEW YORK, Dec. J2.— The principal feature
in the metal trade to-1ay was a further heavy
break at' London, whar-j the tin prices went off
£3 10s to £116 en the bearish statistical situa
tion and an avalanche of selling orders. On
receipt of this news the local market followed
suit and broke about 325 points to $26 25 and
closed steady but weak. December tin was
offered at 126. Though copper in London de
clined 5s to £7 15s the local market remained
quiet, but about steaUv en the basl.s of $17 for
Lake Superior and $16 fi-% for electrolytic and
casting copper. L«ad ruled dull and nominally
quoted at $4 37H, while at London the price
was 2s 6<1 lower at £16 6s 2d. Spelter ruled
weak and unsettled at 5 points decline, owing
to an absence of buyers, closing weak at
$4 17%@4 22U. London reported unchanged
prices at £18 15s. There was another reaction
in Iron In the English markets, prices dropping
Is Oil at Glasgow to tOs 9d, while Mlddlesboro
dropped Is to 55s. Dormstlc iron markets were
quiet. Pig Iron warrants, $9 50@10 60; foundry.
Northern $15&16, Southern $14 50@15, and soft
Southern $14@15 75.
Atev York Metal Market.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Dec. Feb. Mar.
OP en 'n& ..5 11% .... 6%
Closing 510-4 ¦ .... 6 Vi
PARIS.
Wheat— Dec. Mar.-June.
Opening 20 30 21 60
Closing 20 35 2155
Flour —
Opening . 26 20 27 65
Closing 26 30 27 60
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
Rex — — I —
Royal — I —
San Francisco & McKlttrtck... - —
Ban Joaquln O & D Co •" | • » ,
MlrOXG STOCKS.
Following were th* sales In th© Saa FrancUca
Stock and Erchanjo Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
600 Best A Belcher. 25 J0O Poto«l ...... —» M
100 Caledonia 83 10O Silver Hill...... M
JOO Ophlr 61 200 UtaH ........... Cfl
100 Overman 11
Afternoon Ses«!on.
4C0 Best & Belcher. 23 1 200 Mexican '.....-. »
200 Chollar 1*1 300 Mexican 29
700 Con Cal & Va..l 40 300 Ophlr «1
JO Con Cal & Va..l 35 200 Silver Hill...— 60
900 Con New York. 01 50 Standard * 10
Following wm the sales In th« Paciflo Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
• £00 Alpha Con 03 200 Ophlr ...—* «J
60 Best & Belcher. 23 600 Ophlr «0
40O Best & Belcher, 24 50 Sierra Nevada- J7
300 Challenge Con* 20 100 Sierra Nevada. 29
600 Con Cal & V...1 331 700 Silver Hill 6i)
200 Con Cal & V.I 32^1
Afternoon Session.
COO Andes 08 200 Con Cal & V.I fl%
600 Best & Belcher 23 200 Mexican SI
250 Caledonia 35 2C0 Potosl 13
150 Con Cal & Va..l .15 300 Silver Hill 60
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY. Dec. 13-4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha 04 C". Justice 03 05
Alta _. 05 0«i Kentuek — 03
Andes C7 CS Lady Wash — 03
Belcher 15 17 ¦Mexican 30 31
Best & Belcher. 24 26 Occidental 04 04
Bullion 03 04 : Ophlr 8J «3
Caledonia 3$ 3? Overman 13 11
Chollar 13 14 Potosl 11 13
Challenge Con.. 20 23 Savage 07 C?
Confidence 65 60 Scorpion — 04
Con Cal & Va..l 35 1 40 Seg Belcher.... « 04
Con Imperial... — 01 Sierra Nevada. 28 23
Con New York. 01 — Sliver Hill «9 61
Eureka Con.... — 35 ; St Louis 10 —
Crown Point... 11 13 Standard S 10 3 20
Exchequer — 02 Syndicate 10 —
Gould & Curry. 60 El! Union Con 21 23
Hale & Norcra. 13 20, Utah 04 M-
Julia — 03i Yellow Jacket.. 11 23
, The market rules firm at the high quotations.
BEEF — 7@8c for steers and 6@6V.c per lb for
cows. - ' " •.....-.,.
VEAL— Large, 869c; '. small, 9010c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 9@S4c; Ewes. 9c per
pound. ; ,
. LAMB— KVaiOHc per lb.
PORK— Live Hoes. 5%e for small and 5Hc for
San Francisco Meat Market.
HIDES AND SKINS-Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, 10c: medium. -9c; light, 3V4c; Cow
hides. 8c for heavy and 8Hc for light; Stags
64c; Salted Kip. 94c; Salted Veal, 94c; Salted
Calf. 10c; Dry Hides. lCc; culls, He; Dry Kip,
10c; Dry Calf, 16@17c; culls and brands,
14c; Sheepskins, ehearllngs. 20®30c each; short
Wool. 3O@50c each: medium, 60@85c; long Wool
75c®$l each; Horse Hides, salt, $2 50 for large
and $2 for medium, $1 60 for small and 60c for
colts; Horse Hides, ; dry, $175 for large, $1 50
for medium. $1 25 for small and 25@50c for colts.
Deersklna — Summer or red skins. 35c; fall or
medium skins, 30c; winter or thin skins 17%®
20c. Goatskins — Prime Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth. SOc; medium, 25c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4®44c per lb; No,
2. 34c; grease, 2fI24c .
WOOL— Spring Clip is quotable as follows:
Northern, free. 15(^16c; Northern, defective 12
«?14c; Middle County, free, ligiec: Middle
County, defective. 121114c; Southern Mountain
12 months'. Southern Mountain, free, 7
months'. ll@12c; Southern Mountain, defective
7 months',-* 9iSllc: Humboldt and Mendocino'
16O17c ;' Nevada. 13(316c per lb.
Fall Clip— San Joaquln. 6H@Sc; do lambs 8
09c; Middle County. 9©10c; Northern Mountain
free. lOKllc; Southern Mountain. 74@84c;
Humboldt and Mendocino. 12©13c per lb.
HOPS— 12@16c per lb. .
Cottolene U lower.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 11011^0 per lb for
heavy, 11V6®12° *° r 'te ht medium. 12tf3>l3c'for
light, 13V4614O for extra light and 15@15%c tor
sugar-cured: Eastern sugar-cured Hums, HH'Ji
12c: Mess Beef, $12 50 per barrel; extra Mess.
U3; Family. $H; extra Prime Pork, $16: extra
clear. $19 60: Mess, $17; Smoked Beef, 13c per
pound.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6\e per lb for com
nfund and 9Mc for pure: half-barrels. pure
9 u,c: 1O-Jb tins. 10c; D-lb tins. lO^c.
COTTOLENE— One-half barrels. S%c; three
half-barrels, 8c; one tierce, 7%c; two tierces,
7%c; five tierces, 7%e per lb.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
Provisions. :: Ui$
FRUITS — Prunes. Santa Claras, 4 sizes, 3c;
40-EOs, 7c; 50-60s, 5^c; 6O-70s, 3%c; 70-80s, 3%c;
S0-90s, 2%c; 90-lOOs, 2Hc; 100s and over, 2c; ru
bles, \ic premium; Sonomas, V4c and San Joa
qulns, M,o less than Santa Claras, except 100»
and over, which stand the same. Apricots, 6®
8c for Royals and 10@10Hc f or • Moorporks ;
Evaporated Apples, C@Cc: sun-dried, 3^@4Hc;
Poaches, 4@5c for standard. 5@6c for choice
and 6^i07c for fancy: Pears, 2@7c: Plums,
pitted, r-@6\4c: unpltted. liglHc; Nectarines. 5@
5%c for red and 5H@6e for white.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices for the
reason of 19C0: Bleached Thompson's fancy, 12c
per lb: choice, lie: standard, S\,c; prime. ?c:
unbleached Thompson's, 9c per lb. Sultanas —
Fancy, 10V4c per lb: choice 9y-c; standard, 8 s ic:
prime, 8c; unbleached Sultanas, 8c; Seedless,
EO-lb boxes. 6%c: 4-crown. 7c; London Layers,
2-erown. $150 per box: 3-crown, $160; Fancy
Clusters. $2; Dehesa, $2 50; Imperial, $3. All
prices f. o. b. at common shipping points In
California,
NUTS— Chestnuts. 6<37c per lb for California
and 12c for Italian; Walnuts, No. 1 soft-shell,
lie; No. 2. 8c; No. 1 hardshell. 10c: No. 2,
7V-C-. Almonds. 12@13c for papershell. 9@llo for
softshell: Peanuts, B<f?6c for Eastern; Brazil
Nuts, 13c: Filberts, 13c; Pecans, ll@13c; Co
coanuts, $3 6005.
HONEY— Comb, 13H@Htfc for bright and 124
<?13c for light amber; water white, extracted.
7%iffSc: light amber, extracted. 6%®7c; dark.
6®OT4c per lb.
BEESWAX— 24©26c per lb.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Ke~— 20c per lb.
CHEESE— Fancy, full cream. 13c; choice, lie;
common, nominal; Young Americas, 13%c;
Eastern, full cream, 15@16c per lb.
, EGGS—
California ranch— Selected white. 44c; mixed
colors, 42c per dozen.
California Gathered— Fancy, — -; standard,
— — ; seconds, .
Eastern — Fancy, ; standard. 32Hc; sec
onds, .
Storage — California fancy, 30c: standard. — — :
Eastern, fancy, 28 t /4c; standard, . : seconds,
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
All fruits stood about the same. There was
no tcarclty In anything.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
APPLES — 30^f60c per box for common and
65cff!l for good to choice; Spltzenbergs. 75c@
$1 25; Oregon Spltzenbergs, $1@1 25; Lady Ap
ples. $1 7503 per box.
PEARS— .->0c<ff$l 5" per box.
PERSIMMONS— 23®fi0c per box.
CRANBERRIES — Jerseys, $11 50: Cape Cod,
$13®13 60 per barrel; Coos Bay, $2 5O®2 75 per
box.
STRAWBERRIES— None In.
RASPBERRIES— $10 per chest.
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Oranges. $1 2502 50:
Seedlings, tl<31 60; Tangerines. 75c@$2; Jap
anese Mandarins, $1 fiO@l 75; Lemons, 25c@$l 25
for common and $1 60@2 75 for good to choice;
Grape Fruit, $1@2 50: Mexican Limes. $4©4 50:
California Limes. 250'3oc; Bananas, $1@2 25 per
bunch; Pineapples. $1©2 per dozen.
Pickle— 21c per lb.
Storage— Creamery extras, 23c; firsts, 21c; sec
onds, .
Dairy— Extras, 26c; firsts, 25c; seconds, 22>,4c;
store, .
Some chances In Dairy Butter will be ob
served. The market continues steady, as the
demand and supply about balance. There are
no outside orders, as prices are too high,
though there are dally Inquiries by wire for
quotations.
Cheese rules firm at the high prices.
Receipts of Eggs were larger, but the mar
ket ruled firm, and Eastern storage were ad
vanced lc. The holiday demand alone keeps
the market from breaking, as prices are too
high for general conditions.
BUTTER—
Cri-amery — Extras. 23c; firsts, 2Sc: seconds.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, ll@12Hc for Gob
blers and 12Hf?l-'c for Hens; Dressed Turkeys,
14617c; Geese, per pair, $1 73<f?2; Goslings, $1 75
<G'2: Ducks, J3Q4 for old and $4@5 50 for young;
Hens, $3@4 50; Young Roosters. $4; Old Roos
ters. $3 50@4: Fryers. $3 B0® 4; Broilers. $3 5004
for large and $3<J?3 25 for small; Pigeons, $1 per
dozen for old and SI 75W2 for Squabs.
GAME— Quail. $1 25; Mallard. $3(fr4 50; Can
vasback. $3?M 50; Sprig, $2 50@2 75; Teal. $1 7o;
Widgeon, $1 2".<R1 75; Small Duck. Jl@l 25;
Black Jack. $1 50; Gray Geese. $3; White Geese.
$1®1 CO: Brant. $1 50 for small and $2 for large;
Honkers. Si@4 50; English Snipe, $1 50@l 75;
Jack Snipe, $1 25; Hare, $1 25; Rabbits, $1 23®
1 £0 for Cottontail and $1 for Brush; Doves,
65c »er dozen.
Game sold at rather lower prices for the
larger ducks, other descriptions remaining
about as before.
Another car of Eastern . Poultry came In,
making: seven thus far this week, with the
eighth due to-day. The market continues dull
and weak, with plenty of everything on hand
except dressed Turkeys.
Poultry and Game.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, 3®6c per lb;
String Beans, 5@8c; Cabbage, 90c; Tomatoes,
73c@$l 25 for Los Angeles: Egg Plant. Los An
geles, 5<f76c per lb; Green Peppers from Los An
geles, 3@Sc per lb; Dried Peppers. S^llc; Dried
Okra, 10® 15c per lb; Carrots. £5©"35c per box:
Cucumbers, 75c; Summer Squash, $1; Gar
lic, 4£r5c per lb; Marrowfat Squash, $12 per ton;
Mushrooms, CS12U.C per lb.
POTATOES— River Reds, 75c; Burbanks, 35®
63c for River and 90cffi$l 10 per ctl for Sa
linae and 65cf$l for Oregon; Sweets, E0@75o
for River and 85@90c for Merced.
ONIONS— J150&1 75 per ctl; Cut Onions, $1®
1 2". per ctl.
Continued large receipts keep Potatoes weak,
but quotations show no further change. Vege
tables and Onions are also the same.
Dealers are asking still higher prices for
White Beans. Other descriptions are as before.
UEANS— Kayos. J2 65<S2 75: Small White.
$4 2504 35; Large Whlte^ $3 30@3 45; Pink. $20
2 15; Red. S3&3 23; Blackeye. $3; Llmas, $5 35;
P*>a. $4©4 25; Red Kidney. $3 75<S4 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, $2 60(52 73;. Canary.
3%c per lb for California and 4c for Eastern;
Alfalfa. 7V4IS9V..C; Rape, 2<^3c; Hemp, 4®4V4c;
Timothy, 4S?4Hc.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 75<ji2 25; Green, $2 73
<3Z per ctl; Blackeye, $1 75#2 25.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Beans and Seeds.
Hay is rather soft under continued liberal
receipts, but prices remain as before. There i»
no change In Feedstuffs.
BRAN-JH 50®15 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $16 S0@19 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $16517 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $25@:6: Jobbing.
$26 60; Cocoanut Cake. $17@18; Corn Meal. $26<R
26 50; Cracked Corn. $26 50@27; Mixed Feed, $15
w IS.
HAT— Volunteer. $5(it8; Wheat, $11@13 50;
Wheat and Oat. J10«?12 60; Oat, $9@12; Clover,
nominal; Alfalfa, $S09 CO; Barley, $7 50<&9 50
per ton.
STRAW— 35©47%c per bale.
Hay ax^l Feedstuffs.
Wheat Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6@
7 25; In sacks, $5 75@7; Pearl Barley. $5; Split
Pea*. $5; Green Peas, $3 60 per 100 lbs. •> ;•
OREGON.
Flour. Qr sks 1,P ,[
Flour, qr sks 36,840 Wool, bales 87
Wheat, ctls 1.773 Brandy, gals 9,100
Barley, ctls 30,546 Wine. iraJs 125.800
Oats, ctls 550 T.ggs. doz 12.120
Corn, ctls 675 Raisins, bxs 6,050
Potatoes, sks 9,335 Tallow, ctls 219
Onions, sks 403 Butter, ctls 222
Bran, sks 57a! Leather, rolls 47
Middlings, sks.... 126! Cheese, ctls 1S7
Hay, tens 594 Quicksilver, flsks 278
Hops, bales 17 Sugar, ctls 600
Beans, eks 3.317 Hides. No 1.6S2
Buckwheat, sks.. 78 Pelts, bdls 1S2
Shorts, sks 45
FOR WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 12.
Receipts of Produce.
Crushed. 8.15c; Powdered. 5.75c; Candy Gran
ulated. 5.75c; I>ry Granulated, 5.65c; Confec
tioners' A, 5.65c; Magnolia A, 5.25c; Extra C.
6.13c; Golden C, 5.05c; barrels. 10c more; half
barrels, 25c more; boxes. 50c more; 50-lb bags.
10c more. Xo orders taken for less than 75
barrels or Its equivalent. Domlnos, half-bar
rels, 6.40c; boxes, 6.65c per lb.
COAL— Wellington, $3 per ton: Southfleld
Wellington, J9; Seattle, J7; Bryant. 17; Coos
Bay, $5 DO; Wallsend, $9; Co-operative Wallsend,
$9; Cumberland. $12 In bulk and *13 25 In sacks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14; Cannel. $10
per ton; Coke, $15 per ton In bulk and $13 In
sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions, $S 45 per
2C0O lbs and JS M per ton, according to brand.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes. pe r n,. ] n 100-lb bags:
BAGS— San Quentln Bags. J3 65; Calcutta
Grain Bags, June and July, 6%c; "Wool Bags,
28H@32Hc; Fleece Twine. 7tfc; Fruit Bags.
6H66%c for white and 8Vi©3%c for bleached
Jute.
General Merchandise.
medium and 5%©S%c for large; stock Hoes and
feeders, 6<gS»4c; dressed Hogs. 7%©SHc
market was dull; creamery. 15@24c; dairy. IS
@20c. Cheese, active, 10U@H%c. Eggs, quiet;
fresh, ' 26c
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 13, lyuu.
Foreign Futures.
THE STOCK' MARKET.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Chicago Grain Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
8
Nezv York Grain and Produce.
Articles— Open. Hlgrh. Low. Cloee
"Wheat No. 2—
December 63T4 70% 69% 71)14
January 70% 71% 70% 7m
May 73% 74ft 73% 73%
Corn No. 2 —
December 8694 37V4 36% 3714
January 35V4 33T4 35V4 35*i
May 38. 36ft 85'* 3CU
Oats No. 2—
December 2U4 21% 21>4 JiU
May 23% 23% 23H 23%
Mess pork, per barrel —
January 12 15 . 12 20 12 I2U 12 15
May 12 02^ 12 10 12 02% 1210
Lard, per 100 pounds-
May 7 17% 7 17% 7 15 7 17%
January 6 83 6 S5 6 SO 6 S3
Hay 6 90 6 90 6 S7«4 6 90
Short ribs, per 100 pounds—
January 6 20 6 22% G 17% 6 20
May .6 27% 6 32% 6 27% 6 30
STOCK.
Bid.
Asked.
California-Standard
_'ari bou
Oomtnlon
31 Dorado
?our
3reat Western
¦Ianford •
Hanf ord-Fre«no-Kern . River ..
¦Inme •
lomestake ..:
Independence
Kern '.."
Kern River
L4on Oil Co
Lkjs Aneelea O & T Co
UcKlttrick Consolidated
Monarch of Arizona
Function ...'
klcKlttrlck
Monte Crlsto
incidental of W Va.
>ll City Petroleum
Petroleum Center
Producers' & Consumers' .......
" 3«
60
30
37
2 43
it
49
45
4 49
120 00
47
4 4S
9 50
10 01
IS 00
31
28
41
40
S3
40
1 50
60
SO 00
20
43
42
70
45
1 55
65
33 00
22
"leed Crude
!oon'
ant:
7" Full Moon.
>y D«cwab«r 1
L _L _L _L _L _L _L («• L ** t Q uart « r «
f 10 U 12 IS 14 15 Pecembcr IX
16 17 IS 19 20 a ilA *« w Mooa -
1 December 21.
30 S* I i-^ December 13
21 Hours! Season. | Season.
I 1
"ureka C.18 15.11 23.97
ted Bluff 0.06 «.75 7.7S
JacrajTiento 0.C8 6.7S 7. 62
ian Francisco 0.03 6.8S 8.10
>esno 0.00 4.93 3.92
ndepen<5enc* 0.00 2.22 1.22
ian Luis Ob'.rpo COO 8.66 E.9»
>5« Anerie» 0.00 ' «.79 2.51
;an P1eco <).00 1.78 1.28
Articles— Open. Hlgrh. Low. Cloee
"Wheat No. 2—
December 63T4 70% 69% 71)14
January 70% 71% 70% 7m
May 73% 74ft 73% 73%
Corn No. 2 —
December 8694 37V4 36% 3714
January 35V4 33T4 35V4 35*i
May 38. 36ft 85'* 3CU
Oats No. 2—
December 2U4 21% 21>4 JiU
May 23% 23% 23H 23%
Mess pork, per barrel —
January 12 15 . 12 20 12 I2U 12 15
May 12 02^ 12 10 12 02% 1210
Lard, per 100 pounds-
May 7 17% 7 17% 7 15 7 17%
January 6 83 6 S5 6 SO 6 S3
Hay 6 90 6 90 6 S7«4 6 90
Short ribs, per 100 pounds—
January 6 20 6 22% G 17% 6 20
May .6 27% 6 32% 6 27% 6 30
21 Hours! Season. | Season.
I 1
"ureka C.18 15.11 23.97
ted Bluff 0.06 «.75 7.7S
JacrajTiento 0.C8 6.7S 7. 62
ian Francisco 0.03 6.8S 8.10
>esno 0.00 4.93 3.92
ndepen<5enc* 0.00 2.22 1.22
ian Luis Ob'.rpo COO 8.66 E.9»
>5« Anerie» 0.00 ' «.79 2.51
;an P1eco <).00 1.78 1.28
!oon'
ant:
7" Full Moon.
>y D«cwab«r 1
L _L _L _L _L _L _L («• L ** t Q uart « r «
f 10 U 12 IS 14 15 Pecembcr IX
16 17 IS 19 20 a ilA *« w Mooa -
1 December 21.
30 S* I i-^ December 13
STOCK.
Bid.
Asked.
California-Standard
_'ari bou
Oomtnlon
31 Dorado
?our
3reat Western
¦Ianford •
Hanf ord-Fre«no-Kern . River ..
¦Inme •
lomestake ..:
Independence
Kern '.."
Kern River
L4on Oil Co
Lkjs Aneelea O & T Co
UcKlttrick Consolidated
Monarch of Arizona
Function ...'
klcKlttrlck
Monte Crlsto
incidental of W Va.
>ll City Petroleum
Petroleum Center
Producers' & Consumers' .......
" 3«
60
30
37
2 43
it
49
45
4 49
120 00
47
4 4S
9 50
10 01
IS 00
31
28
41
40
S3
40
1 50
60
SO 00
20
43
42
70
45
1 55
65
33 00
22
"leed Crude
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
»v Steamers leave Broadway
%*^ wharf. San Francisco:
Vlgte^. for Alaskan 1'orH — 11 a. m..
jrafOTXJfc Dw. 12. 17. 22. 27. Jan. 1.
•MJpKjtfH^ Change to company's stearr.^ra
E>^SS For Victoria. Vancouver T-.
Iff jffltLSrflfnHI C). Port Towrsend. Seatt.^.
r^'^HSfipkl Tacoma. Everett. Ararort--«
ani1 New Whatcm iWa.ih.i-
" ""^t 11 a. m.. Dec. 12. 17. 22. 27.
Jan. 1 and every fifth day thereafter. Chanj;»
at Seattle for this company's steamers for
Alaska and G. N. Ry. ; at Seattle or Tacom& to
N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m.. Dec.
14, 13, 24, 29, Jan. 3, and every fifth day there-
after.
For 6an Dieso. stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Rednndo (Los An-
geles) — Steamer Queen. Wednesdays. 9 a. m. ;
steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
For Santa Cniz. Monterey. San Simeon, Cayu-
eos. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo). Gaviota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport —
Steamer Corona, Fridays. 9 a. m. ; steamer
Bonita. Tuesdays. 9 a. m.
For Knsenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose da!
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosal'%
and Guaymas <Mex.) — 10 a. m. 7th each month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the right to chanjr*
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without i-revlmis notice.
TICKET OFFICB-4 New Montgomery
street fPaiace Hotel).
GOODAIX, PERKINS A CO.. Oen. Agents.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & II. GO, i
CI8PATCH FAST STEAMERS TO J
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 11 a. m.
CADC £12 F'rat Class Including Berth
I AnL $8 Second Class and Meals.
COLUMBIA Sails Dec. 11, 24, Jan. 3
GEO. W. ELDER Sails Dec. 19, 23
Short Line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent,
630 Market st.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA,
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. ra..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, an-l
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day of
Balling.
SS. AMERICA MARC
Saturday, December 23, 19C0
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Thursday. January 24, 1901
SS. NIPPON MARU
Tuesday. February 19, 1901
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First
W. H. A VERY. General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
Rf TORK. SOUTHAMPTON. L05D05. PlSIi
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From N*w York Ever* Wednesday. 10 a. m.
New York Dec. lllNew York Jan 3
Bouthwark Dec. 19 Kensington Jan. 9
St. Louts Dec. 2RiNoordland Jan. 1J
RED STAR LINE.
New York, and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday. 13 noon.
Frlesland Dec. 121 Westernland ...Jan. S
Bouthwark Dec. 19 Kensington Jan. 9
Westernland ...Dec. 2BINoordland Jan. IS *
For freight and passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIOATION CO..
30 Montgomery »t., Or any of Its agents.
Ai>Aanl!> C € Pa "***"• SAu: '- Nr "
oceanics.s.to. msssss
S3. SIERRA, for Honolulu, Samoa, New
Zealand and Australia
Thursday. December 13. 3 p. ra.
SS. ZEALANDIA (Honolulu only>
Wednesday. December 26, 2 o. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Sunday. January Up. n
I D.SPBECRELS 4 BB08. CO., Bneni Jgenfc 327 Hartal St
Sen'l Passenger Otto, 643 Hirkst SI, Mar la. 7. ftciflc tt
PANAMA R. R. SS?
To NEW. YORK via PANAMA Direct
S. S. ST. PAUL sails December 18,
S. $• ROANOXE sails January 8,
From wharf, foot of Fremont st.. at 2 p. m.
Fwieht and rassen&er office. 330 Market et.
. F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coaat Agent.
COMPAGNIE OKKEBALI TRaNSATLaNTIQITE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. .
SaiiW every Thursday. Instead of <^f£f£
Saturday, from November J. 1323, at »•«»««
10 a m. from Pier 41, North River, foot og
Morton .treet. F}rst-clas» to Havre. ISi and
upward. Second-clasa to Havre, »42 60 and ui>-
ward GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED
STATES AND CANADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson
building). New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.,
Pacific Coast Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue.
Pan Francisco.
BAY AND BIVER STEA2E^sT~
FOB U. S. NAVY YARDTsiifYALILES^i
Steamer "Mantle* lla."
MON., Tues., Wed., Thurs. and Sat at 9-43
a. m.. 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night)- Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays, 10:30 a. m.- a
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock!
"" FARE" TeleDhone "*»« 1508. V™*The monthly meeting of the San Fran
clsco Society for the Prevention of Cruel
ty to Animals was held at the Occidental
Hotel last evening. Papers were read by
William Greer Harrison on "Our Rela.
tlons." and Miss Marie E. Walsh. Pacific
Coast lecturer of the Theosophlcal So
ciety, on "Our Indebtedness to the Ani
mal World." At the meeting In January
Mrs. Hattle B. Steele Is to give an Illus
trated lecture.
Long Name Society Meets.
San Leandro— Rxi«e, pitcher; Rose, catcher;
Valent*. first base; Oaks, second base; Mld
dlemas, third base; Salvador, shortstop: Mar
shall" left field: Smith, center field; Roberts,
right field. w
P, &. H.— Neimes, pitcher; Rarer, catcher;
Powell, first base; tVolen, second base; Smal
ley. third base; Rigs*, shortstop; Lachumba.
if ft field; RIkrs. center field; Zambresky, rtgnt
field. •
HAYWARDS, Dec. 12.— Haywards will
meet San Leandro in a match baseball
game on Saturday afternoon on the
grounds of the Haywards Athletic Club.
The line-up of the two teams will.be as
follows: .
Baseball at Hay-wards.
The Christmas concert of the parishion
ers of the Church of Corpus Christl will
be held Saturday evening. December 15.
In the hall connected with the church.
The following' well-known artists will
render selections: Lao Pollettlnl. Silvia
Puerarl and SlRnors Wanrell and Napo
leonl. Mrs. Dobraz-McGlade, Misses R.
Broderlck. Etta Welsh and Dr. F. Bontno
and Geonce Ollva, Miss C. Stevens. A.
Starr. L»- Cereghlno, C. Cereghlno and
Master Anderson.
Pleasant Time in Prospect.
Veterinary Association.
The State Veterinary Medical Associa
tion held Ho annual meeting at the Grand
Hotel yesterday afternoon. Question* of
interest to the profession were discussed,
reports were approved and officers for the
ensuing year were elected, as follows:
President. Dr. J. Sullivan of Suisun: vice
F resident, A. McCollum; secretary. Dr. C.
I. Blemlr: treasurer, Dr. C. L.
McGowan of Sacramento. The new board
of examiners Is composed of Drs. H.
Spencer. A. McCollum. P. E. Plerc«,
Faulkner and R. A. Archibald.
The following were present: Dr.' D. F.
Fox of Sacramento, Dr. C. L. McGowan
of Sacramento. Dr. Davis of San Fran
cisco. Dr. H. A. Spencer of San Jose, Dr.
F. E. Pierce of Oakland, Dr. H. R. Jack
son of- Oakland, Dr. J. Sullivan of 8ul
eun. Dr. R. A. Archibald of Oakland.
Ah L»uey received his sentence of de
portation yesterday from United States
District Judge de Haven, he having been
found in poseeesion of a forged certificate
of registration.
Ah Luey Ordered Deported.
Barbers' Union Elects . Officers.
OAKLAND, Dec. 12.— Journeyman Bar
ber*' Union No. 1X4 of Oakland nas elected
the following named officers:. President,
C. Overlin; vice preoident, W. Wilson; re-
OAKLAND. Dec. 12.— The Thursday
Evening Club has arranged "An Even
ing of Recreation" to be given at the
clubrooms. 13C2 Peralta Ptreet, on Friday
evening. Those not members are invited
to attend.
An Evening of Recreation.
Contra Costa Company's Valuation of
Its Plant Approached by
Its Experts.
OAKLAND, : Dec. 12.— The latest expert
testimony adduced by the water company
is the best bid they have yet made toward
establishing their contention for an IS.SOO,
000 valuation on their total equipment.
The comparison between the estimates of
successive experts is interesting. Begin
ning with the figure? of Knglneer A. L.
Adams, $7,077,527. they have gone by stages
tn within a little over half a million dol
lars of their own valuation. Engineer
Sehuyler helped them out half a million,
raising Adams' figures to $7,649,434. Now
comes XV. Ktersted, the Eastern expert,
and allows them $7,950,644.
To-morrow Judge Ilayne will begin his
attack on Kiersted'e appraisement.
ESTIMATES CLIMBING
UPWARD IN BIG STEPS
OAKLAND. Dec. 12.— Judge Hall to-day
granted Mrs. F. M. Risen a decree, of di
vorce from her husband, G. H. Risen, on
the ground of cruelty.
Mrs. Dora A. Wooster has filed suit for
divorce from her husband. Edwin C.
Wooster, alleging failure to provide.
Oakland Divorce Cases.
From Prosecutor to Father-in-Law.
OAKLAND. Dec. 12.— When Charles
Gutting, the young man who was charged
by his sweetheart s father with burglary,
came up for trial before Judge Greene
thi* morning, he received a sharp lec
ture from the court. The case was with
drawn by the prosecution, but Judge
Greene warned the prisoner not to come
before him again on a similar charge, un
less he wanted a heavy sentence. It is
understood that the old gentleman has
c-onst-nted to his daughter s marriage to
Gutting and so did not press the charge.
"Huh! I can't Imagine anybody belns
delighted over living in Kentucky."
"You don't understand. He means he's
delighted that he's living. "-Catholic
Standard.
"Yes. he's living in Kentucky now. anl
he says he's delighted."
will not hire union men to help him
plaster the building of the Fischer Plumb
ing Company the Building Trades Council
wants the Fischer Plumbing Company's
union plumbers to quit work. Because
Peter Christenaen's union carpenters have
been handling millwcrk from a nine-hour
mill they have. been called off from work
on a residence and the painters employed
by J. A. Groome on a house built by a
non-union contractor have been ordered
to strike. '
The various employers pleaded their
several cases before the Building Trades
Council In Oakland last night, but the
action of Walking Delegate Thomas Mul
len was sustained" in each case.
Building Trades Council Takes a
Hand in Jobs Where Outsiders
Were Employed.
ALAMEDA. Dec. 12. — The employers of
labor and the labor unions of Alameda
are at outs. Because Joseph A. McGowan
EMPLOYERS AND LABOR
UNIONS ARE AT OUTS
"Do you know that color* affect one's
•T-iritsf 1
"Of cnur^e; when I Truy a blu<» nerkti«»
et nipht and it turns out to be green I get
hopping mad."— Chicago News.
"Qu»pn Wilhelmina's fiance has a tenor
\< ice*. 1
"Wrll. he'll rlr.ff perond in the imperial
r>ouf^hold aJl right." — Cleveland Plain
I >' ti'.^r.
OAKLAND. Dec. 12.— Superintendent of
Frhool? Mrf'lymonds has ordered a holi
<Iav vacation of the public schools for
two weeks, commencing December 21.
Vacation for Public Schools.
At the meeting of Oriental Lodge No. 144.
Free and Accepted Masons, in St. John's
Hall, Masonic Temple, last evening the
fortieth installation of elected and ap
pointed officers took place. The install
ing officer was George William Brooks,
the retiring worshipful master, and the
marshal was Judge James Morris
Troutt, p'ast master. The officers install
ed were: James Lawrence HawKs, wor
shipful master; Robert Head Morrow, se
nior warden: William Gilchrist. Junior
warden; George Howard Thompson. P.
M., treasurer; Adolphua Skinner Hub
bard, secretary; Rev. Samuel James Lee,
chaplain; Henry Edward Pennell, mai
shal: William Robert Lee Campbell, se
nior deacon; Richard Cornelius Jewell, Ju
nior deacon; Henry Damkroeger an<l
Lewis Alberto Gibbons, stewards; Elmer
Duncan Roach, tyler. ¦ - w
After the Installation the officers and
members went to the California Hotel,
where a banquet was served to eighty
five An excellent menu wa? discussed,
after which there were vocal selections
by the quartet composed of Ben Clark,
Alfred Wllkie. J. F. Fleming and J. R.
Jones,- with P. K. Wlttich as organist.
Those who were down for responses to
toasts were: J. M. Troutt. R. H. Morrow,
Rev. E. B. Church. John H. Gray, Charles
Bone W. M. Cubery. James L. Hawks.
G W Brooks. A. 8. Hubbard. Edwin I*.
Porter of Rockford, 111., a member of the
United States Geological Survey; H. E.
Mathews and T. J. Crowley. During thi
evening the retiring master. O. W.
Brooks, was presented a magnificent jew
el of his rank In the order, also a silver
punch bowl.
Masons, Honor Those Who Will
Guide Them This Term.
Members of Oriental Lodge. Free
INSTALLED OFFICERS
ENJOY A BANQUET
W. C. Beatie's Home Scorched.
OAKLAND, Dec. 12. — A spark from a
grate Ore Ignited a couch this morning at
the residence of Walter, C. Beatie. 391
Orange street. The flames were quickly
extinguished by a chemical engine, but
f500 damage was- done by smoke and
water. Most of the fluid was poured into
the place from a garden hose utilized by
neighbors.
BERKELET. Doc 12.— The members of
t!i<? senior claps of the Berkeley High
S< rirol H*><-te-d the following named of-
to-day, to s«>rv«» until after Rradu
rtion n^xt Mnv: President. William Mc-
Clrave; vice president. Miss Christine
Kinph' rn-Jfino=: secretary. Howard
Wickson; tr^acurer. Warren Meyers;
f«r»r< i a!it at arm«, <"*harle» Volz. Th«
fhoire of McCleave for president was
unanimous. Hp will ppeak at the gradu
ating <-xrrri«r«.
Senior Class Officers.
GRAND HOTEL,
J S Craig & w, Woodld
J Craig A- fm, Cal
Miss Rankln. Cal ;
F Carter. Dallas
W Walker. Dallas
W C Swain, Cal
J T Hullinger, Cal
2 J Byxler & w. Fresno
T C Merchant & w.Cal
J I- Blackburn. Reno I
F C Butterneld, Minn
U B Plumb, Stanford
P H Thompson, St Hel
T It Boyd. San Rafael
LA HollUter. Sta Barb
H B Morris. Sebastopol
W Hanson. Occidental
P Davis, Cal , "
J E Olmsitead, Petalum
U E Van Winkle. Cal
J Kevptnl. Sta Cruz
J W Lindaay. St Louis
LA Hllborn. Suoto
H Cole, Cal
B T McLean. Berkeley
F Harrod. Frultvale j
A K Efcterbrook. Ala ¦¦
O K Ltihrklnd. Ala :.
U C Neal, Sun Jose
J K Colin & w, Nnpa
O L. Belcher. Oakland
A E Boynton. Orovllle
E M Curley.Pt Arena
Or A H Scallney. Cal
O E Pardee, Chicago
E O Mores, Tehama '
P J Woage. Wash
G H Thompson, Kurek
S H Paine. Ferndale
W- H Hammond. Portld
Mrs T Holmes. . Eureka
Miss Ferguson. Eureka
Mrs A D Enos. Eureka
Mrs J Shannon, Eurek
t. A Spitier. San Jo«e
P C Salnsevain, S Jo«e
MlM H Mccham, P«a
Mrs W S Fritsch. Pet*
W < W •¦ Douglas. - Racto ¦
W B Cooper, Watsonvl
Dr C L. Megowjin, Sac
J v\ KeegBn. Sta Rosa
J. II Devlne, fiacto
V A Tapscott. Rd Bluff
Mlfs T K Toll. L» Ang
C H Toll, I»s Ang
Mrs L W Helntzelman,
Sacramento
E H Smith. Fresno
M MeWhorter. Kern
J W Brunton, Lou Ang
J W Arra*, Plttsburg
T> L WithlnKton, Cal
Mrs R G Evans * d.
I Nevada
;W K Henry. Bakersflld
jT Hanson. Cal
J T Sullivan, Suisun
II O Schumacher, Berln
L. O Black, San Jos»
jB F Stall. Sacto
, H M Reed, Reedley
\O H MePherson, heattl
[J 1/ Bryson. flutter Crk
|P T Johnnon, Ha<:to
C A Carlson, Sacto
U A Booksln & w. Cal
L M Hancock. Nev Cty
id W Simpson, S Jose
iF Ij Perkins, Butte
lA .1 Brunner, Sacto
R Swlnford. Colusa
M Wolff. Cal
:C F Lenimnn A w. Oak
jJ E Thompson. Sacto
IS M Rohr, Sta Rosa
lAC Britton, Buffalo
M G Bale. St Helena
!J n Root. Plttoburg
A J Larson, Lodi
J F Clapp, Chicago
'J P Gagilardo. Homltt
E B Copeland, Cal
! S Smith, >Sacto
R E Brown, Lo# Ang
J Brown, Lbs Ang
8 Schwalb. Cal
J Thompson. Pleasantn
!E , Dlnkelsplel. Suuun
I-;- ¦ - .-..¦.
PALACE HOTEL
MIbs Andrews, Pa
J C Andrews, Pa
J D PattTfon, Ontario
F Eaton. L Ang
Mrs Eaton. L Ang
P L Hoadley, N J
O Oolehrlnk & w. I.,on<i
G R Potter, Salt I-ake
J H Garnsoy, Chicago
Mrs Whipplo, Tacoma
3 Hlackwell & w, Md
F H Yost, Stanford
\V FinninK, Martinez
E A Garlington, USA
T Spellacy, BakersfleH
O Ilolden & w, Boston
P Short. Fresno
T A Temple, N Y
Mrs Temple, X T
E W Temple, NY
J de Forrest, N Y
P O Stratton, Minn
G H Bartlett, Mllwke
II Ieenberg, Haw Isld
M F Tarpey, Alameda
M Hunter, Lodl
C J Rlley, Chicago
D S Hardln. Boston
L. A Irvine. Irvine
W J Lee. Bakersfleld
J Parks & w. Wash
U W Allen, Montreal
F H Harvey. Gait
F A Lean, Butte '
C Lunklnback. Cal
C M Cran*». Canton
J L, Karlson, N Y
H P Crouse, Utica
W A Voll. N T
T F Miner. N Y
C Schemorhorn, Pa
O Wormser. N Y
G C Hunl»r, N Y
E Reynolds, Pasadena
\V Clapp, Pasadena
E Halley, Pasadena
\V Campbell, Berlin
G C Turney. Mexico
F Newton & w, Boston
Mr Chapman &w, Aus
Mrs S McKoown. L A
Mrs F D Studebaker,
Ixs Angeles
A Banks Jr. Balto
E L Mathewn, Bftlto
\V Watt, Stanford
W Griffith, Tucson
Miss O'Brien. Minn
Mrs B Hunter. Keno
E B Clulty, Wash
J R Philips, Stockton
S Fulton A w, Portld
E C Emery, Pa
W C Chapin, Sacto
A M Kftptnn. S Mateo
E Benjamin & w, Ohio
W Badenberg, 8t Louis
G W Cole, N Y
H W I^eBter. Conn
Capt HoiiFeberg. Paris
NEW WESTERN' HOTBL
A C Baeaett. N Y
F Selson. Arizona
11 Swart*. Kans
Fl Maxwell. Mien
J C I>eftw!ch. Ala
H KoBter Jr. Ohio
Mm M J Carr. Petal ma
G Meyer & w, Victoria
\V Jarrett, Vernon
P Johnson, Rochester
C Wilson, Tuscon
B Williams. Boston .
C Sloan, drantsville
A B Lrf-hlgrh. Eacto
\V P Butler, Minn
J McKenzle. Nebr
ti Cook. Courtland
J 11 Barton. St PruI
D R Martin. V Co*ta
H E CJarvln. Illinois
B A Purcell. Dawson
C F White, Washlnjrtn
J Mulroy, Ingleslde
G N Heitman, I. Ang
MiHff A Miller. Texas
J Hoover, Indiana
F Horan, Reno
2 Middleton, England
a Woriey. Visalla
H Sweet. Helena
d Pippin. Tacoroa
C L. Ollmore, Ouernevll
H L Flsh<»r. Alabama
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
ALAMEDA, Dec. 12.-A musical will be
given to-morrow ifternoon at the resi
dence of Mrs. C. K; Uowen, 900 Union
street, for the benefit of the Boys'
Brotherhood Club* The programme will
be contributed by Mrs. Florence Jenkins
Trost. Mrs. Melvin Dewing, Edward
Thornton and S. Homer Henley.
Boys' Brotherhood Benefit.
OAKLAND. D<=-c. VI.— In the Catherine
I^mbort wiJJ cont^t to-day the entire
» fierncon was taken up with the examin-
Htion of Thomas Quinlan. the contestant.
Quinlan maintained that Mrs. I^ambert
had. until the day before her death, in
tended to leavo hpr property to his wife,
l.er Fister. who died roon after Mrs. Lam
bert: that the defendant. Mrs. Walsh,
had en:icf-d her away on the day of her
d^ath and by fraud srd intimidation In
duced her to add » codicil to the will
disinheriting Mrs. <JwinIan and leaving
nearly all her property, to the value of
about SOW. to Mr«. Waish. The trial will
jiroceed to-morrow.
Lambert Will Contest.
OAK ). Doc. 12.— The funeral of the
late \ /-mella B. Henn. wife of John
II. He .. . A mother- of Mrs. William J.
I,anders of San 1/eandro, was held to-day
from the chapel of the First Congrega
tional Church. Rev. Charles R. N Brown
and Rev. J. K. McLean officiated. Dr.
Mcl^ean accompanied the funeral party to
Snn Jo«e, where the interment took place
this av<ern«<nn. The pall-bearers were:
W. W. lk.iry of Berkeley, Frederick
I-oury of Honolulu.' C. E. Palmer, J. H.
Baeney, B. C. HHwes and Captain Wil
liam Roberts. Mrs. Henn was a native
of Choutauqua, N. Y. Mr. and Mrs
Henn settled in San Jose in 1S58 and later
removed to this city.
F' -1 of Mrs. P. B. Henn.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111$ Broadway, Dec. 12.
City Attorney Dow to-day filed suit
against Contractor Fred Peterson and his
bondsmen, the American Surety Company
of New York, to recover the amount of
the bond, $4000, on account of his failure
to carry out Ihe provisions of his contract
for dredging Lake Merritt.
This outcome of the notorious case was
anticipated by a resolution passed by the
council some two months since directing
the City Attorney to endeavor to colltct
damages from the parties responsible for
the lake dredging Job. The complaint spec
ifies that there remains in the lake bed
1S0.650 cubic vards of mud which Peterson
agreed to remove, and that it would cost
the city about $18,000 to tlnish the work.
Accompanying the complaint are maps
prepared by the city's engineer, showing
the untouched area and that which was
dredged to the specified depth of four feet.
The document discloses the fact that even
If the city wins Us suit the taxx«»yers will
be out $14,000 If the City Attorney's claims
are maintained.
The contractor claims that the change
of programme was authorised by the
Board of Works on the ground that It was
advisable to remove the entire amount of
mud callei fcr by the contract from those
portions of the lake most liable to filling
up by sediment, and that this was accord
ingly done.
Charges Non-Fulfillment of
Terms and Claims Heavy
Damages.
CITY SUES ON
LAKE CONTRACT
cording secretary, J. C. Nunes; financial
pecreta'-y, C. W. Presher: treasurer. E.
Johnsor guide, J. B. Rose; guardian, F.
Recardo, trustejv, F. J. Mathews, F. Mc-
Bee and J. Tmwin; delegates to State Fed
eration of l-abor. V. J. XIathews and C.
W. I"resher.
750.000 gallons daily from these three
wells."
"The eighteen wells at Alvarado supply
12,000.000 gallons daily." said Professor
Wallace yesterday. "Three times that
number of wells can be sunk at San Lo
renzo without one v.ell Interfering with
another. I believe that a municipal sup
ply can be obtained in sufficient quantity.
The daily consumption of Oakland is now
9.000,000 gallons. If a salt water sprinkling
plant were Installed the reqnired fresh
water supply can be materially reduced.
A municipal plant will solve the great
question of water rates that now is in
flicted upon the city."
The Council has been asked to appoint
an engineer to determine what will be tne
cost of a municipal supply from the Rob
erts property. This land. 3RD acres, Is now
undf-r option of purchase to the city for
$100,000. It is nine miles distant. The sub
ject will be taken up by the fire and water
committee this week.
"It ; « unsafe for the Ubltei Stales to
ailov- the sUghtei't piirtiol;:j.lfn tt the
•Oii-lov- of foundation lor a claim to par
ticipation in anything pertaining to this
mn'lnent: far better no canal than one
under the Hay-Pacncefote treaty But
there will be a raml. Britain needs only
to see that we are in enrnett and resolved
that It ««hall be American and nothing
else."
" 'Not more than conditions had
changed,' Mr. Blaine replied. 'When the
Clayton-Bulwer treaty was negotiated we
were a small, weak country, and expected
to borrow the money to buiid the canal
from you; now we don't ask for your
money, and we have grown greater in
population than Great Britain. Gentle
men, the republic Is past the stage of ven
turing to hope when any other nation
tells us what it expects. Hut if her Majes
ty ever ventures to hope, we shall not fall
to be as courteous and venture to hope
in *-eti:rn."
" 'You did not show it in the corre
spondence about the Clayton-Bulwtr
treaty."
" 'Well, when I read the correspondence
passing between the two ¦¦ countries I
found her Majesty was always telling tha
President what she expected, and the
President whs telling her what he vent
ured to hope. Whe.i 1 replied I told her
Majesty what the President expected."
" 'Ah, you admit then that you changed
the character of the correspondence?"
"Much has been said about the Clayton-
Bulwer treaty, as if treaties were eternal.
It is the common practice to denounce
treaties when conditions change. Mr.
Blaine held the only true position. While
he was with me in London there was a
dinner with some of the leading states
men of Britain present, among them Mr.
Chamberlain. The oonveraation turned
upon Mr. Blalne's disagreements with
England on the Clayton-Bulwer treaty.
1 shall try to give you the giat of, their
conversation:
•' 'Mr Blaine, you have not been friend
ly to England?'
" 'I don't see why you should say so; I
have been always friendly with England.'
NEW YORK. Dec. 12.— The Tribune will
publish a letter from Andrew Carnegie
favoring an isthmian canal, but opposing
any treaty with England upon the sub
ject. Says Mr. Carnegie:
Says Better No Canal Than
One Undir Hay-Paunce-'
forte Treaty.
CARNEGIE FAVORS
IS THMIAN ROUTE
a surprise when the announcement was
made that the wedding had occurred
across the bay.
preslJent. Fr»nk L. Adams, M/ D.; secre
tary, Cart R. Krone, M. I).; president of the
faculty, J. 8. Eastman, M. I).; registrar, l>r.
K T Stratton. EHrectora— D. 1>. Crowley, M.
t> ¦ 8. II. Buteau, M. D. ; K. N. Bwer. M. 1>.;
J L.. Milton, M. IX: W. 8. Porter, M. D.; H.
O. Thomaii. M. D.; W. F. B. Wakefleld. M. D.
Faculty— Dr. D. D. Crowley, professor )ot prin
ciples and practice of surgery and clinical sur
gery; l>r. F. Li. Adam*, clinical BUrgery; Dr.
J. S. Eastman, professor of th« principles and
practice of medicine; Dr. Carl R. Krone, path
ology; Dr. Hayward Q. Thomas, ophthalmology
and otology: Dr. H. S. Buteau, gynaecology;
Dr. ¦ W. F.. B. Wakefleld. clinical gynaecology;
t>r..R. T. Stratton. nervous diseases and cpre
bral Burgery: Dr. Edward N. Ewer, obstetrics:
Dr. \V. S. PorteT, surgical anatomy: Dr. J. 1,.
Milton, anatomy; Dr. Oliver D. Ilamlln, vis
ceral anatomy.
Whether the recently incorporated Col
lege of Physicians and Surgeons can es
tablish and operate a free clinic in con- :
nectlon with its new institution has be- j
come a question of serious consideration
among the doctors of this city, i ne phy
sicians of the regular school who have
become interested in the college are con
fronted by the agreement made among the
practitioners of the three schools of medi
cine which has been in force for threw
years, and provides that no free clinics,
contract nor lodge work shall b« done in j
this city. When that agreement waa
made the thought of a college was not
contemplated. In fact, if such an Institu
tion had been in view the agreement
would have provided for a clinic in con
nection with the institution, for, the phy
sicians say, a college without a clinic
could not be a complete success.
The question is of such grave impor
tance that the Alameda County Medical
Society, composed of the practitioners of
the "regular" school, has taken the sub
ject in hand. At last night's meeting of
the society the matter was given a full
discussion. The physicians declare that
the s»t:lety Is unanimous that the com
pact shall be sustained. There are two
other parties to the agreement, namely,
the members of the homeopathic school
and the physicians of the eclectic branch.
The new college has upon its roll of of
ficers and faculty many of the prominent
members of the regular school' who are
Intensely interested in the success of the
project. It has been incorporated and
Bteps have been taken to commence work
on January 1. In. order to start under
proper auppices the free clinic is deemed
essential. The clinic simply opens the
way for the handling of the sick and
those needing surgical attention who are
too poor to procure medical attention
otherwise. Opponents of clinics base their
opposition largely upon proven abuses of
the Institution. They say many people
amply able to pay for medical attention
take advantage of the clinics to obtain
medical and surgical aid without charge.
Whsn the three schools made their
compact the hemeopaths abandoned a
clinic they had been operating. Xnw the
question arises among the doctors wheth
er the establishment of the clinic in con
nection with the "regular" college will
not be utilized as an excuse by those of
other schools to re-establish clinics. In
other words, fears are expressed that
some doctors who have been chafing un
der the compact will take advantage of
the situation to break the agreement.
The compact was arranged to remedy
what the physicians then s behind it
claimed was a serious-abuse. Those who
favored it were particularly opposed to
the practice that obtained of handling
lodge, work at a minimum monthly fee
per member. .They also opposed the con
tract system whereby physicians made
flat rates much below the ordinary prices
for family services. The agreement was
submitted to committees of the three
schools and was extensively signed by the
physicians. It has been In operation suc
cessfully elnce it went into effect.
Recognizing, however, that those of the
other schools who abided by the agree
ment should be considered the Alameda
County Medical Society has appointed
conference committees to meet the home
opaths and eclectics upon the subject.
The purpose will be to secure if possible
a< modification of the compact, that the
college clinic. may be established..
The officers of the college, are:
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway, Dec. 12.
Doctors Move to Save Com
pact on Rates From
Dissolution.
PROTEC T THEIR
FEE AGREEMENT
OAKLAND, Dec. 12.— The campaign
which has been started by the
Seventh Ward Municipal "Water
Works League for the submission
of a bond proposition for the pur
chase of the Roberts tract at San Lo
renzo has reached a definite point. The
City Council has been requested by reso
lution to incorporate as the leading Item
for the bond election this scheme to pro
vide money for the purpose of estab
lishing a municipal iresh water supply,
with the Roberts property as the basis.
Three artesian wells have been devel
oped on the property. Members of the
league -who have been interested in the
numerous tests of the wells declare that
these wells, with another ten-inch well
near by, have given a daily flow of as
high as 1.250,000 gallons, and under or-
dlnary pressure two of the wells have
given a flow -of 764.000 gallons daily. The
eight-inch well was bored at the expense
of Captain Roberts. The ten-Inch well
was sunk at the cost of the city. 'The
third well of five inches diameter, had
been sunk several years ago by Captain
Roberts and was recently cleaned out for
an experimental test. This well. accord-
Ing to Secretary Charles J. Welch of the
Seventh Ward League, has developed
350.000 gallons daily flow.
Concerning the general conditions Sec
retary Welch says: '. ¦
"The sinking of the eight-inch well
brought to light gravel and water-worn
rock from a depth of 560 feet, with a
strata of from fifty ff-et upward. * The in
dications showed beyond any question
that here was the bed of a great sub
terranean river. The evidence Is excel
lent that there Is an Inexhaustible sup
ply of clean pure water here available.
The tests guarantee a continuous flow of
MRS. FREDERICK it COLBY.
WHO BECAME A BRIDE YES
TERDAY.
Photo by Belle-Oudry.
Brahms Quartet was originally com
poser! of Emile Barrangon, first tenor;
Ralph Phelpa, pecond tenor: Ralph Mc-
Cormlck. first ba5«: William McDonald,
second basn; Clark Briggs. pianist: El
wood Woodburn. banjoist; Hugo Poheim,
violinist. Of this number the only men
now in college are Phelps. McCormick and
Briggs.
It was the original intention of Brahms
Quartet to start pouth the day after
Christmas. Some, of* the members have
dropped out and othcrE are undecided
whether or not to eo. Morse said thl3
evening that three or four eood men
would make th«» trip. Neither Phelps nor
Rriggs was positive that any one would
go.
Morse promised to take the men on a
trip through Southern California this va
cation under the name of the California
Entertainers. A maiority of the mem
bers of the Glee Club expressed their
willingness to go. Then the student ex
ecutive committee took action. It pre
sented a memorial to President Wheeler
asking him to prohibit students from go
ing on the proposed vacation concert
tour. It was at this time that President
Wheeler ended the career of the Califor
nia Entertainers by raying the few words
regarding the non-return to college of
student singerB.
Instead of a chorus Morse found him
self with a quartet, some musicians and
ppeeialty men. Tbe Berkeley quartet was
promptly organized aji-d an advance agent
was sent south to make dates for the ap
pearance of the men. Again the execu
tive committee took action, declaring that
the name "Berkeley Quartet," like "Cali
fornia Entertainers." would lead the peo
ple to believe that the concerts were
given by a real university club. Morse
was Bent for by the committed. The
terms of agreement by which students
might go and come were thes«: Morse
changed the name of his club from
Berkeley Quartet to Brahms Quartet,
after the famous composer. He also
agreed in no way to use the university
name.
No Glee Club will go on the road this
winter to charm the inhabitants of the
State. Neither will an organization of
student Binger 1 ? under a new name leave
Berkeley, for President Wheeler Is quoted
a? Faying: "You may go out If you
choose, but vou may not come back."
These few words have a slsrrilflennt mean
ing to a man who hopes come day to
be a graduate of the StAte University.
When the executive committee appoint
ed William Black as director of the Glee
Club its members refuted to sing. They
declared they would have C. R. Morse
as director or none. Black never held a
rehearsal.
BERKELEY, Dec. 12.— The munie cir
cles of the University of California are
being restored to jx>ace. Although the
revolt in the Glee Club has never been
fully adjusted yet it Is generally con
ceded that next term will find its mem
ber* Flnglnp together once more In har
mony. The revolters dropped one by one
from the insurgent ranks. There was a
general feeling- among them that'aXter all
they had best abide by the ruling of the
student executive committee. Then, too,
their ardor for libeny may have been
cooled by some words which President
Wheeler is quotul as saying regarding
student singers.
College Men May Leave on
Concert Tour, but May
Not Return.
SINGERS U NDER
PRESIDENT'S BAN
ONE OF THE THREE FLOWING ARTESIAN WELLS THAT HAVE BEEN SUNK ON THE ROBERTS TRACT,
WHICH IT IS PROPOSED TO UTILIZE AS A BASIS FOR A MUNICIPAL INEXHAUSTIBLE WATER SUP
PLY SYSTEM.
i
MISS EDITH VERNON WARD.
WHO WILL SING AT THE
CALENDAR TEA.
Resolution Requesting Council to Incorporate Sum for. Purchase of
the Roberts Tract in the Proposed Bond Issue Will Be
Taken Up by the Fire and Water Committee Immediately.
To-r.isht the county officials banqueted
the interested memljers of the L^-gisla
ture.
The county officials met to-day and for
mulated the demands on the treasury
which they propose to ask the Legislature
to embody for them in statutory enact
ment. The conference was held in the
Briard of Supervisors' rooms and was at-
U-ndM by State Senators l^ukens, Taylor
i.nd Leavitt and Assemblymen Knowland.
Foster. Mattos. Kelley and McWade, be-
Fi<1e>i jne heads of the various departments
of the county government and the mem
t«*>rs of the Board of Supervisors. The
(hanew proposed by the various officials
ere as foi'.ovs:
County Auditor, IliWl advance in salary. $5<X!
additional allowance for extending the polls and
rrinkine out redemptions. cm 1 extra deputy;
C.umy Tax Ocll»rtor, Jl^Ki advance in salary.
one extra deputy for the entire year, four ex
tra deputies for two months and two for one
mmth: County Assessor, increase in force cor
j-»«pondiP|t to the allowance for I»« Angt-le»
County; Sheriff, two extra office deputies, one
<vtra "ja.Iler and rrjileajre for tra-n«T>-»t-t)ns prim
i,n»rf; «*ountjrCl«rk. one stenographer for en
tire tear and Fix registration clerk* for five
tnor.ths a vear; t^aj^rlntendent of Bchools. one
»-vtra <3«^»titj - : County Hecorder. two extra
«3*»r iu tie»: Count}" Treasurer. $li«oO lncre«*» In
salary and one »xtra deputy; UUtriet Attorney.
tw» recu'.ar deimtleB; Supervisors. Increase
from I1M to HS-'i pwT month.
Oakland Office Ran Francisco Call.
HIS Broadway. E*»c. 12.
Advanced Salaries and More
Assistants Asked For
by Officials.
MORE MONEY FOR
COUNTY OFFICERS
OAKLAND. Doc. 12.— Camille d'Ar
ville Orellin ami Mi«s Edith Ver
non Wnrd have both kindly vol
unteered to sing at the Christmas
Calendar Tea to be given on Pnt
itrday next at the residence of Mrs. YVil
laro* T. Flarton. 570 Oakland avenue. The
tea is to be given in behalf of the Fablola
Hospital, and will be one of the import
ant events of the Christmas season. It
will be the first time that Mrs. Crellin has
sung before the people of Oakland in a
social way since her marriage Into Oak
land society. Now she will give the bene
fit of her magnificent voice to this charily
event. The appearance of Miss Edith
Vernon Ward will be but the second made
by this young lady since her return from
the Ea*t. where she completed her musi- j
cal educatron. i
The hours of the tea will be from 2 I
until 5. and th*> admission will be one dol
lar, which will Include the Fablola cal
endar, the regular price of which is the
price charged for the tea. ¦
Mrs, Wlllard T. Harton will be assisted I
in receiving by the following ladies: :'" : j
Mrs. John Yule, Mrs. Keml Chabot. Mrs. J. I
A. Ko!k<t, Mrs. YV. \V. Standeford, Mrs. C. \V. !
Arn-ps Jr.. Mm. William R. I>avls, Mrs. Allen
U. Wilson. Mrs. H. D. I.athror, Mrs. Q. A.
Clia^e. Mrs. R, \Y. McChenney. Mrs. G. W.
Unrnln. Mrs. C. R. Coiton. Mrs. W. T. Barton.
Mrs. \Valla:*> Everson. Mrs. H. F. Cooke, Mrs. j
Hugo AtTahair.s.in, Mrs. I). P. Downing, Mrs. :
John Ailams. Mrs. S. T. Alexander. Mrs.'WII- j
Ilam An(fU5. Mrs. K. J. Uarrett. Mrs. Albert '
Hruwti. Mrs. A. \V. Burrell, Mrs. H. A. But- j
tpri=. Mi?.- Catherine Chabot. Mrs. C. S. Cham-
Iwrlaln Mrs. William CUft. Mrs. O. W. Cook,
Mrs. Charles E. <\.ttnn. Miss Etta Everson. |
Mrs. George E. Kair^hiM. Mrs. A. <l. Freeman, j
Mrs. S. M. <;ilman. Mrs. A. H. Glascock, Mrs.a
11. W. Oorrill. Mi?s .lanet O. Haipht. Mrs. EC
T. Hfnsliaw, Mrs. E. A. Heron. Mrs. E. M.
Herrlrk Mrs. Hugh Jloican. Mrs. Jfthn I«. How
ard. Mrs. E. B. Jerome. Mrs. George W. Kel
loy Mr*. O. C". Kirk. Mt*» Loretta Kirk. Mrl
M J Keller. Mrs. Paul Lohs<\ Mrs. John Max
well Mrs J. P. MoCar-e. Mrs. J. M. Merrill.
Mr? Wl'.llam Mnller. Mrs. H. A. Powell. Mrs.
E. Kemil!«r<i. Mrs. F. N. Remtllard. Mrs. I. I,.
Kequa. Mrs. A. M. Rosborough. Mrs. E. B.
Pan horn Mrs. J. J. Pcotchler, Mrs. Prentlss
Sdby. Mrs. William Snook, Mrs. O. M. Stolp,
Mrs. Charles Sutton. Mrs. Edwin Taylor, Mrs.
K M Walsh. Mrs. Francis Weston, Mrs. E. A.
Whltaker. Miss Wlnaldo Wllec--.. Mrs. J. H.
Wilson, Mrs. H. O. Trowbrldpe. Mrs. Thomas
Crellin. Mrs. William Letts Oliver, Mrs. J. M.
P't'cnM. Mrs. Osrar I.uning.
WILL SING AT FABIOLA
HOSPITAL BENEFIT TEA
Gamille D'/Wille Grellirs. ar\d Miss IditK
Verr\oi\ Ward Volunteer Services.
ARTESIAN WELLS MAY SOLVE
CITY'S WATER RATE QUESTION
A lively row at the Morgue about the
body of Antonio Galindo led to-night to
the arrest by Deputy Coroner Henry
Quellen of George McMasters. an under
taker's assistant for James McManus.
Ill feeling has existed for a long time
between McManus and the Morgue Of
flclalfe. The latter claim that the under
taker has frequently taken possession of
Coroner's cases and embalmed them be
fore official inspection had been held. The
undertaker asserts that he has been un
necessarily hampered In the pursuit ot
his calling by dilatory practice at the
Morgue. " ':•
However all that may be, there was a
hot clash this morning in the Morgue, and
to-night McMasters had charges of as
sault with intent to do great bodily harm,
using vulgar language and disturbing the
peace registered against him at the City
Prison. i. ; ,
Quellen asserts that the trouble was due
to McMasters' attempt to embalm the
body of Galindo before art autopsy could
be held. , .
At the Inquest to-night in the case of
Galindo the Jury found that David Clear
caused Galindo to fall by having pushed
him away as he threatened to assault
Clear with a pocket knife. George
Wright, a boy who saw the difficulty, was
the principal witness before the Coroner's
Jury. Dr. R. T. Stratum testified that
death was caused by a fracture of the
skull and cerebral hemorrhage.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
111S Broadway, Dec. 12.
Row Abyut Body of Antonio
Galindo Leads to Hot
Quarrel.
OAKLAND MORGUE
A SCENE OF BATTLE
Ethel D. Adams, daughter of F. D. and
Ella NJ Adams, to Frank O. Prescott. son
of F. S. Prescott. The wedding will take
place January 1 at Honolulu, where Mr.
Prescott is in business.
• • •
SAN LEANDRO. Dec. 12.— Margaret 13.
Gray, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. XV. Har
rison Gray, and Clarence L. Best were
married yesterday afternoon at the res
idence of the bride's parents. Rev. Dr.
Anderson of the Presbyterian church of
ficiated. The residence was decorated In
pink and green. Forty guests attended
the wedding breakfast, which was served
prior to the departure of Mr. and Mrs.
Best on a honeymoon trip to Southern
California,
Douglas M. Toffelmeler, clerk of the
Board of Trustees, and Miss Isabel M.
Cormack were married yesterday at San
Francisco. Their many friends were given
OAKLAND, Dec. 12.— The weddln*?
of Miss Clarlbel Munsell and
Frederick XI. ' Colby took plate
this afternoon at 4 o'clock at th->
residence of the bride's parents",
Mr. "and Mrs. James Munsell. on Web
ster street. The wedding was a very pret
ty affair and was attended by a great
rr.any friends of both the contracting par
ties.
The ceremony took place In the parlor,
which was decorated In yellow and whlt»
Chrysanthemums. The remainder of the
house- was filled with Christmas holly
berries and ferns, which made a very at
tractive decoration.
Rev. Jchn Baltewell of Trinity Church
performed the ceremony. The bride was
attended by four bridesmaids— Miss Helen
Shatter. Misa Edith Huddart. Miss Helen
Dille and Miss Ada Brown. Miss Char
lotte Rledenbach was the flower girl and
Hoy Mur.sell, brother of the bride, acted
as best man. The bride wore silk with
real lace and chiffon, and carried a pray
er book; The flower Kirl carried lilies of
ihe valley. The bridesmaids wore the
university colors in honor of the groom,
two being dressed in blue and two in yel
low.
Following the ceremony a wedding
breakfast was served, after which Mr.
and Mrs. Colby left on a short weddlns?
Journey. They will reside in Valona In
Contra Costa County, where the groom
is employed.
The engagement has been announced of
pretty Wed dir\g Ge re mcmvj performed at the
Residence of the Bride's Parents.
MISS CLARIBEL MUNSELL
BECOMES MRS. F. M. COLBY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 13, 1900.
9
GBAPE-NXJTS.
WALKED OUT.
On Food, After Being Given Up.
Lark of knowledge regarding the kind
of food to give to rwnple. particularly in-
validf?. frp<ju«-nt;y caup^s much distress,
Whereas, whrn one know* exactly the
kind of food to Rive to quirkly rebuild the
brain end nrrvo renters, that knowledge
can rx> made use of.
A young Chicago woman Fays: "Othor
Instances of the wonderful qualities
r.ot^pspr'd by Grape-Nuts food are shown
in my frrandmother'R and mother's cases.
Orandmother's entire left fide became to-
tally paralyzed, from a ruptured capillary
of the brain. The doctor said it would
be impossible for her to live a week. She
rould not takr ordinary food, and we put
h«>r on Oraiie-Nuta. In =n effort- to do all
for h*r we ootild.
"To the astonishment of the doctor and
the deliRht of »H of us. she slowly rallied
and recovered. It was pronounced the
first oa*e of the kind on record. The doc-
tor paid nothln* could have produced this
result but food.
"We had been led to use Grape-Nuts be-
rsune of the effect on mother. She has
l.*>en troubled with a weak stomach a,U
her life, and the last few years been grad-
ually losing weiRht and strength. She
has tried everything, almost, that has
l«vn recommended by pood authority, and
until she used Grape-Nuts food, nothing
seomwl to do her any good. Since taking
up Grape-Nutf« she has been constantly
improving until now she Is free from
any of the etomach troubles, and in strong
and well. Please <So not publlnh my
najne." Name can b« riven by Postum
Cextil Co.. Ltd., Battle Creek. Mich.
•SC- ADVERTISEMENTS.
Only they who use it
know the luxury of it.
Pears' is the purest and
best toilet soap in all the
world.
TONC F»O CHY.
Successor to Dr. LAI PO TAI.
JB graduate of Canton Medical
*2j£g*vBHKlfc College, after a very suceeas-
ful practice of many years In
W* t$8& China, has located In San
J* «K Jf^ Franelsco. The surprising and
Eyjjf ft marvelous cures effected by
TgS\ V hl<» herbn demonstrate their
CAy'L potenre and his skill. These
-rtjfAv herbs iur>- over \n J!fr«-r*nt
UjCT^r**£^5i illiniums. Including Hrisrht'*
?MSinF«m*^ l>tsea«e. I>i;ibet.»*. Coiwump.
*-->«3Svaw"» tlon _ Asthma. I-aralysis. Brain.
Nerve. Cancers. Tumors. Blood. Male and Fe-
male Maladies. All persons afflicted with any
kind of malady whatsoever are Invited to call.
Office. T37 Washlnnton st Office hours— 9 a.
m. to 12 m., 1 to 9 p. m. : Sundays. 10 a. m. to
Vt m. Accept grateful thanks for effecting a
cure of aatbnva of several rears* standing;.
A. DAHI.KY. San Rafael.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
18 A GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGORA-
tor and Nervine.
The moet wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tcnlc for the Sexual Organs, for both »exes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits.
• ' NABER. ALFS A BRUNE, Agents.
333 Market St.. S. F.— (Send for ClrcuUr».>THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 13, 1900.
10
SAX FRAKCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE cf The Baa Francisco
C*J!. corner cf Market and Third streets; ©pe*
unta 12 o'clock every night !n the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street.
eerner Clay; ooea until >:20 p. xn-
S09 Hayes etreet: open until 9:30 p. m.
C2» McAllister street; open until ?:30 p. ra.
CIS Larkln street ; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
1?41 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
rrei Market etreet. corner Sixteenth; cpen
until 9 r. ra.
106 Eleventh etreet: open until 9 p. m.
10?6 Valencia street: open until S p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets: cpen until ip. a.
MEETIXG NOTICES.
— — —
MEETING of Terba Buena Chapter j
No. L Knights Rose Crotx. In .— jL^ — ,
Commanderj- Hall. Masonic Terrs- £K-J
S>ie. THURSDAY EVENING. De- &
cember 13. 1300. at S o'clock. if
Degree 15th. \\
HENRY BURNER, Recorder. JJ
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. and A. ¦
M. will meet THIS (THURSDAY) _^V_
EVENING. IX?e. :3. at 7:30 o'clock. Tt^T
Th'rd degree. By order of the Master. / '
FT5ANKLIN H. DAT, Secretary-
MISSION Chapter No. 7S, R. A. M.— •
Special meeting THIS (THX'RSDAT) _J\_
EVENING. 7:30 o'clock. P. M. and M.S2T
E M decreee. By orier of the H. P.
JNO. R. HILLMAN. Secretary.
fO"JTH Fan Francisco Lodge No. 212, • :
F. and A. M.. mecte THIS (THURS-
DAY) EVENING, at 7..':'. o'clock for ]\J\
f.rrt degree. By order of the Master. / 1
E. C. HARE. Secretary.
DORIC Loiso No. r.6. F. ar.d A. M.— *
Special meeting THURSDAY. Decem- Jt
fcer 13. at l:30 o"c!ock p. m.. for theWTT
purpose of conducting the funeral *erv- fjsr J"
1-ee of our d'"-fa<»«l brother. PETER ROD-
RIGES. Master Masons are fraternally ln-
\-*ted to attend. By order of the Master.
J. R. GOLDSMITH. Sec
DOBXC Lodee No. TIS. F. end A. M. — m
Sr*irfal nieVtir.E THIS (THrRSDAY) _J\_
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. First de- llj\
err e Mascns are Invited. By order ' ™ «
rf the Master. J. R. GOLDSMITH. Sec.
THE S. iT Scottish ThiPtle Club !
meets THIS fTHl'RSDAY) EVEN- JJV, UvU '
ING. Fraternity Hall. 22 OFarrell -jjt^S*
rt at R o'clock. Election cf officers.
Distribution of tickets for the 19th annual ,
Hffnanav supper and dance to take place
Mcnrtav eveclnr. Dec. 21. 1903.
JOHN ROSS, Royal Chief.
GEORGE TV. PATERSON. Recorder. .
7KE er.r.u&l meeting cf the stockholders ».: the
Nevada National Bank cf San Francisco, Cal..
will be held at lt» banking: house, SOI Mont-
gomery Ft.. Fan Francisco. Cal.. on TUES-
DAY. January 8. 1901, at 3:15 o'clock p. m..
*ct the election of directors to serve for the
er.rulr.g year ar.d the transaction of such
Otber bUEir.ess as may com* before the raeet-
Ir.jt. GEO. GRANT, Cashier.
5an Francisco. December 8. 1900.
AGENTS WASTED.
AGENTS — Do you want something more profit-
able and easier to sell than books or insur-
ance? Add. F. PERSON, r. 412, Porrott bldg. J
AGENTS are rr.afcing $5 to $10 a day handling
cmt holiday t>ocks ; big commission; outfit i
free. P.. R. PATTERSON'. 429 Montgomery, j
UBS TO $500 per month: men or women: salary ]
rr commission. 927 Market St.. room SIB. !
ASPHALTIM ROOFING.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, eldewalks re-
ralrrd; poftal. 11S6 Mission: tel. Folsom 1607.
ASTROLOGY.
DR. C. TOfSEY TAYLOR. Scientific Aitrolo-
fr— Free copy "The New Moon." 765 Market.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
R. W. KING. 927 Market et., €th floor, room £27
— Estates, damages, attachments, bankruptcy,
collections; all ca*es; fair fee; no advance
charges; loans on estates. Tel. Howard 1537.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
n* fee without success: collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. gSO Market, cor. Stockton.
I. EDW. JARRETT. Hearst bldg.. Third and
Market f ts. ; phone Red E262. !
ADVICE free: r.o charge unless successful. W. j
V. DAVIDSON. 9T! Market et.. opp. Mason. I
L. 5=. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket et.; consultation free; no fe«s in advance.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in tha
T*nU»<1 Ptrfs. noytpald. for SI per year.
DATH CADIXETS.
ROBINSON. Niagara. Perfection and others. W.
P. BROWN CO.. s«^)cy. 426 Ellis 6t.. S- F\
BICYCLES — For Sale or exchange.
BICYCLES at reduced prices: we are clearing
• rut our 1500 models to maJce room for new
Wl rtrx-k. Yoscmlte Cycle Works. I&2 Market.
DISIVESS CHAXCES.
A— «:*<>: saloon: e»ta*>. 2" years; close to Chron-
icle tlfig. : ftock wUl invoice the f>r!ce; lease;
rlac* known a? one <>f the best-peyir.g resarts j
sn thlf city. Call R. G. WILKE. 26U. Kearny. j
jjivi — CORNER paloon on Davis St.; no Sunday !
or nipht work: rent $SO: a first -class paying j
proposition. Inquire R. G. WILKE, 2€4
Kearny Et.
«y:f>_FOR sale — Saloon, one block north of '
Market St.; under present ownership over a.
rare chance.' Partlculait- R. *G. WILKE. 26^ ;
Kearny et. i
X— 1€00; CORKER saloon on Jackson St.: rent !
tl": kept by present owner 7 ye«.rs; good bust- |
ness- clearing C2S per month. R. G. WILKE.
. 564 Kesrr.y ft. j
A -OYSTER dopot; price $1500; place doing a !
large business, mostly wholesale; cash trade; |
not less than $2X> profit per month; fullest in-
v<-5tipation Foliclt«»d. Particulars R. G. !
'VILKE, 26'^ Kearny et. I
A«-f700; FALOON* ar.d lunch house; surrounded j
by wholesale houses and machine shops; es- :
tabTlthed years; r~nt $10; splendid offer. Call i
R. O. WILKE. 2f.^ Kearny st. !
A— i'V'; ONE-HALF Interest in good paying j
r*-etaurant on Kearny et. ; a first -class prop- ;
<sltton for the right party. U. G. WILKE, I
lf'5 Kearny Ft. j
A— flS"©: BAKERY, corner, in Western Add.; |
e-ytab. many yarr; 4 horses, wagon, etc.; bak- j
ing 4 barrels per day; 5 living rooms. b*th; i
rent SiO: 5 years' leai«e: death of cwner cause I
et (^1p. R- G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st. j
A HALF-INTEREFT in an old established
:nundry; hors? and wagon; price $500; a flret-
<las* paying business; or will cell or.e-third :
' Interest 'at th» eame price and invest the j
money for machinery. Cal! R. G. WILKE. j
2C^r Kearny et. j
S«:J>— FRENCH laundry, with all tools neces- |
.-•cry; dnir.g fine business; selling departure.
I3AEILE. 3 Eddy ft.
CORNER irr-x-ery store for rent. $25: formerly
•60; big city, country trade. LATMANCE.
«60 Eighth Et.. Oakland.
SZ'Jt— GOOD paying restaurant; a Eacriflce;
worth double the amount: sickness cause of
c&le. FLORES CO., 101G Market St.. rm. 10.
IT you want to buy, s»H or exchange anything
on earth p»e E. J. LUXDIX. S3! Market st.
WAN'TED-A man as partner with J5C0 to as-
*i*t ln»~>nx>rate a mining company. Box 740.
'.'til office.
EALOOy tor rale at O East »t
A-PLAT THE RACES—
20 to 60 per cent profit monthly on our new
Ej-stem; call and investigate. N. S. HAXD &
«X)., expert hanfilcappers, euit 12, 34 Kearny.
JTOO— PARTNER wanted In well-paying restau-
. rar.t.. Particulars Inquire at 10C7 Market, up-
stairs, in photo gallery: agents avoided.
J4r0-CORNER grocery and bar; good business;
large stock; fine fixtures; cause sickness. Ad-
4res# box 721. Call office.
A— BAKERT. delicatessen, candles, etc.; nice
filMCf tor man and wife; lull value J225. Four-
teenth and Pcralta ets.. Oakland.
EXPRESS or 6hipping office to let at 12 Eteuart
ctreet-
SSCO— LONG eetablieheti restaurant; must be
told next 3 days. 4S2 Geary st.
XT'CTION— Auction of restaurant, furnished
ociro>!ete. 13^0 Market et.
t»f>&— FTATIONERT. clean Block and fixtures;
»ood holiday trade. Address box 5C2. Call.
CANDY, Ice cream, cigar and stationer}' store;
lsu&dry offlce. 6C3 Post. cr. Taylor: no agents.
A UAKERV, delicatessen and confectionery
rtore; $100. $48 Howard Bt.
fOR sale — An old established bakery, wagon
and two horses. Apply K3 Bryant et.
FIRST-CLASS saloon for sale; on account of
death; J1&O0. Call 222 Fell at.
J'RINTERS. take notice — $550 will buy a fine
• outfit. JOHN W. BRACE. 906 Market, r. 7-8.
FINE restaurant; central location; big bus. bon-
ton; cheap rent; paying. 927 Market, r. CIS.
. NINETY hens for tale at fiOe **ch: one and
- two rears old. C21 Forty-fifth et.. Oakland.
JX)R aale on account of rlckness. oyster, fruit
tr.fi notion store. 1103 Golden Gate ave.
S-CHAIR. furnished barb»r-ehop to let; rent
. (11. £E>. cor.' Turk and Scott at*.
TOVXO man waste lady or rentleman partner;
it'.-O; letfUzsate business. Box 226, Call office.
BUSINESS CHAXCES COJVTIITCED.
X^$4000; BREWERY and bottling works; own-
er has other business; cannot attend to both;
will sell half or whole. See owner. 605 Battery.
FRUIT and cisar store; $550; snap; clears J100
a month; reason for selling, owner 11L
BERRY. 457 Ninth St.. Oakland. ¦£
RESTAURANT for sale, with lease; good pay-
Ing business; safe, cash register, etc; open
for Inspection. 136 Ellis 6t. . ,-¦¦'
TWO-CHAIR 6c barber shop cheap at 9361*
Howard Ft. Inquire at 205 Langton et.. after
6 p. m.
A NO. 1 restaurant and coffee parlor for sale.
Call at 419 Kearny sU .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2100 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
nibscrlptlons has been established at 1036
Valencia st.
LODGI.\G-HOl°SES FOR. SALE.
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market, nr. Call bldg.
7S rooms, clears $175, fins location $2600
7 rooms, central, rent (30, bargain 175
tS rooms, elegant furniture, two en-
trances, & first-class transient house.... 3000
14 rooms, sickness, rent 135. snap 500
23 rooms, offices, new furniture, rent only
$78; A No. 1 location; worth $2600 WOO
36 rms.. rent $115. new house, new furn.. 2600
12 rooms, rent $45. fine furniture, good
carpets, house always full, good location 750
24 rooms, put $133 In bank In November.. 2300
16 rooms. N. of Mkt., rent $65. clears $64. 300
50 rooms, rent $100, guaranteed full 3200
C6 rooms, reduced from J5000, owner sick. 3600
MONEY loaned on lodging-houses, 1V4 p. c:
anything you want in lodging-houses; s'mpls;
37 rooms; on Powell St.; rent $175; price.. $1900
24 rooms: on Leavenworth; rent $125; price 1900
1C rooms; on BUnjy side; rent $25; price.. 750
7 roomp; en Geary 6t.; rent $10; price 450
Good paying restaurant, near Hall of Justice.
for tale or exchange for lodging-house; 17
rooms In center of Oakland, with front block,
lawn, palms, flowers, roees, no work, full of
teachers, income $85, price $1300, half cash,
rent $32; a $450 piano for $200.
For quick 6ales list your houses with A. L.
WILLEY. 916 Market et.; phone Black E215.
A— 2- ROOM house: central $1000
20-room house; first-class 1050
11-room house; $475; 6-room flat 325
20-room house; Eddy; rent $75; only 903
FISHER & CO.. 1032 Market st.
ENAP — 11 rooms, furnished; clears $25 per mo.;
or.ly $O. FISHER & CO.. 1032 Market Bt.
R. H. WINSTON & CO.. 1C26 Market st.
1* rooms; rent $55: make offer $750
60 rooms: cheap rent; only 2100
SO rooms; corner; elevator 6500
100 rooms; new; modern; part cash.
fO ROOMS; rer.t $110 $22uO
II rooms; nicely furnished 80C
100 rooms: elegant furniture 6000
Will loan from tlOO up at Hi per cent.
DAVIS & RIVES, r. 69. 916 Mkt St.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
COLUMBUS BUGGY CO.. clearance sale; low-
wheel. rubber-tire road wagon, $S0; other
ftyles at proportionately low prices; suitable
Xmas presents. Markt. nr. 9th., opp. St. Nlcb.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON, 2117 Mission St.
FOR eale — 2 waffle wagonj, hcn=e and harness;
worth $700. 210G Ma*cn St.. rear.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagron. for cale cheap. 532 Mission.
NEW & 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ness, xvork & driving horses. 15th & Valencia.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. DR. FARNHAM. world renowned spirit-
ual medium; advice In all affairs of life, law-
suits, divorces, deaths; unites the separated;
mining a specialty: cirs. Sun., Wed., Frl.ev's; j
come and be convinced. Permanently located 1
E13 Eddy ft., bet. Hyde and I^arkin; no sign. I
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, test, business me-
dlum and life reader; alco medical clairvoy-
ant; treats all diseases at office or by letter;
Elttlncs. $1. 1164 O'Farrell St.; take Ellis car.
EARLE. 305 Taylor St.. corner Ellis— Sittings
dally; seance Sunday, Tuesday and Thursday.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing spirit messages to-
night. 6^5 McAllister St.: 10c: come, skeptics.
MRS. KOTTER'S circle to-night. 10c; sittings
daily; ladies 50c; gents $1. 34 Sixth St., r. 15.
C. Mayo-Steers, 112H Oak, spiritual medium;
readings, $1; hours 1-5 p. m. ; tel. Howard 527.
MME. MAJORS. gifted spiritual medium,
healer and card reader. 146 Eddy Bt.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAllister-Mrs. C. J.
Meyer, sittings: convincing tests to-night: 10c.
CLAinVOYAXTS.
CC)NiuLT~SANDERS for health and fortune.
Consult SANDERS for spiritual development. !
Consult SANDERS for wedded bliss. j
Consult SANDERS for Biblical interpretation, j
Consult SANDERS for lucky days & numbers.
Consult SANDERS for lost property. \ ]
Consult SANDERS on all love affairs.
Consult SANDERS and learn what to do.
Consult SANDERS for Immediate good luck.
Consult SANDERS regarding oil and mining.
Circles Thursdays, 2 p. m. and j
Fridays at 8 p. m., 25c. j
Consult SANDERS dally at 514 Taylor st.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance,
medium. Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket st.. corner of Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 j
and %: take elevator. Perfect yatlsfaction |
guaranteed by malL Send stamp for pamph- j
lot with special terms. I
HMF.. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card j
reader, born with double veil — second eight; :
diagnoFfs disease with life reading; ladles 30e,
pents $1: palm, end dalr. elt. $1 CO. 12S Turk.
MME. BERNARD reads life fluently: advice
given in all affairs of life: satisfaction gruar-
e.nt«*ed; 25c up. 17 Third St.. next Examiner.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1143 Market, opp. j
<ith; private readings dally. 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. ]
MME. SYBILLE, 914 O'Farrell; reads life; fu- |
•ture husband's photo; hours 8 to 12 a. m.; j
ladles 2Sa j
MRP. CAMERON, clairvoyant, card reader, me-
dium; 25e up. FJ3 Mission St., nr. 4th; ring bell.
MRS. MELVILLE, well-known clairvoyant, wa-
ter reader, moved to 11 Sixth; German spoken, j
MME. ZEREDA. the gypsy, is the great palm- j
l?=t and card reader: 25c. 7 Seventh £t. |
PALMISTRY, ran) reading: articles read clair-i
voyantly gratis. 722 Eddy, nr. Polk, no sign.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader; past, !
present, future; 25c. US Sixth St.. room 14. |
MME. HELMCTH, card reader, astrologist— I
Ladies. 25r: German epoken. 838 Mission st.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
GYPSY: genuine clairvoyant; located 10 days 114
Turk rt. ; ladles. 25c; gents, 50a "Frawley."
i'.ME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings daily. 44SV4 Jessie St.
MRS. E. M. DUVAL. clairvoyant and business
medium. 215 Kearny st., rooms 8-10. : ;-' : -
MME. RAVENNA read* life fluently; business
advice; names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
CARPET BEATING AXD CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work,
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing 'Works. 353-357 Tehama st. : tel. South 40,
STANDARD. 313 Guerrero— Curtains and blan-
kets renovated, 25c per pair: carpets cleaned,
Sc yd; laying a specialty. Phone Mission 106.
CARPETS cleaned at Sc per yard, laid at 5c
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 344.
J. E. MITCHELL, Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co., 240 Fourteenth et.; teL Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. O. H.
STEVENS, Mgr., 38-40 8th Et. ; tel. South 250.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Butter St.;
tel. Main 334. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
~ CHIROPODISTS^ ~~
CORNS, bunions. Ingrown nails, warts, chil-
blains, etc.: painless cure. DR. DUNCAN,
415 Sutter et.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
lets successful. Room 310. 927 Market St.
DENTISTS.
A^"^ElTE^TiRO^DENTAirCLINIcr^3^Sar^
ket st., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
13 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. 111. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. D.. Manager.
. A— DISCOUNT of 30 per cent for 30 days on all
plates, crowns and brldgework. See our new
unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl, warranted
for 20 years; crowns, $3 60; fillings. 60c; plates.
$5, full m-t; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago- Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates bridges
and finings; extractions or fillings by my won-
derful secret, painless method; 20 years' ex-
perience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed ; lady attendants.
Pit. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
"MAIN Office" New York Dental Parlors, 1019
Market *t., bet. Sixth and Seventh; consult
us on crowns and bridges: teeth extracted
positively and absolutely without pain.
MODERN DENTAL PARLORS. 1206 Market
•u; expert extracting, crown and bridge work.
A. L. BIMPSON. D. D. 8.
PARIS Dental Parlor. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Full e«t of teeth, Ul crowns, $3; fillings. Ho.
DENTISTS.
DR. LUDLUM HILU 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are.
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting, 50c; gas given.-
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St., corner Sixth.
BET of teeth without plate. DR. 5T gT
YOUNO. 1841 Polk st.
DEPILATORY.
O. C. C— A Harmless liquid for permanently
removing superfluous hair; will not irritate,
burn nor poison the most delicate skln:agents
wanted. Ontario Chem. Co.. ag*cy. 426 Ellis.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL DressmaklngandMilllnery School;
patterns cut; evening class. 1019 .Market st.
ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
lng. pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor &. MofCatt.
DRESSMAKING ; reasonable prices; dresses
made over; perfect fit. SS7 Geary st.
.^ EDUCATIONAL..
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott Bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping ; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher -of
shorthand; reportorial phrasing taught; prac-
tlcal bookkeeping; fun course. $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 PosiTsti
S. P.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
and night sessions; new 80-page catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St.; day
and evening; tndlvldual Instruction, $S per
month; life scholarship, $50; bookkeeping.
shorthand, telegraphy, etc. ; catalogue free.
ATTENTION!— Tarr's pupils thorough book-
keeping figures; short time; college graduates
perfected; expert accounting. 220 Parrott bid.
MISS M. G. BARRETT, Shorthand Academy;
lessons by mail; acknowledged by official re-
porters best teacher, best system. 302 Montgy.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE, 1236 .Market St.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec, mining, mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch. : day. eve. ; est. 1884.
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
MUNSON. School Shorthand, Typing, Bookkeep-
ing, Spanish. 137 Mont'y. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
LEARN German In three months; $5 per
jnonth. Y. M. C. A. building, 6th floor.
MR. and MRS. D. MANSFIELD, music studio,
violin, guitar, mandolin, banjo. 1836 Eddy st.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— Night class. 424 Pine st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.. day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Misslon.nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
YOUNG woman with a child: wages no object;
city or country- MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter St.
RESPECTABLE German woman wants situ-
ation; small family of adults; no washing; Is
good cook; clean; work by the day nursing,
sewing or housework; postals answered If
car fare raid. 622 Stockton Et.
WANTED— Position by competent experienced
lady as matron, housekeeper, seamstress,
nurse or any position of trust; willing to be
useful in anv capacity: good references. Ad-
dresa box 2062, Call office. Oakland.
ELDERLY Protestant woman wishes place to
do light housework; is a competent house-
keeper. Address 136 Fifth St., between How-
ard and Mipslon.
RESPECTABLE elderly woman wishes to do
housework In American family; city or coun-
try; reference. Box 735, Call.
YOUNG married German woman wishes a sit-
uation in a nice private family to work 6
cr 8 hours a day. Box 734, Call office.
"V7AXTED— Work by the day; $1 and car fare.
MRS. EGAN, 830 Howard st., room 90. ¦¦.•-.
ELDERLY lady wishes a situation to assist
in light housework; sruall wages. 11 Eddy
Ft., room 1
WOMAN wishes to do chamberwork or cook-
ing and housework; no washing. Call at 409
Minna et.
SITUATION wanted by competent girl; gen-
eral housework; good plain cook; wages $20.
Address 1079 Market st.
WOMAN with a child 7 years old wants a posi-
tion a* working housekeeper or manage lodg-
ing-house. 127 Turk st.
SCANDINAVIAN girl wishes place; general
housework; good references. 316H Rltch et..
between Brannan and Townsend.
WAITRESS, first class, wants position; three
years In last place: selling out cause of leav-
ing. Address box 72S, Call office.
TOUNG girl wishes a place for second work.
Call at 70S Jackson st.. Oakland; no postals.
SITUATION wanted— By a young German
woman as restaurant or boarding-house cook;
experienced short order cook. Call 817 Mis-
sion st.
SITUATION wanted (chambermaid). Call 244
Taylor et.
MEAT and pastry cook, colored, would like
place In city; female; good reference. Box
725, Call.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 23c to $150 night. $1 50 to J6
week: convenient und respectable; free 'bus
and ba-Kgase to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Ca.ll advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098
Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisement? and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; estab. over 10 years; all kinds help. I
421 Post St.; near Powell: telephone Bush 1ZIT
JAPANESE responsible housecleanlng co. ; est. I
1S70: nractical recommend: try them; removed
to 419 Devisadero; tel. Fell 136. F. HAM AD A.
JAPANESE and Chinese employment office;
best help. 626 O'Farrell st. ; tel. Hyde 219L
ABC EMPLOYMENT Office; Chinese. Japan-
ese help fur. 544 California: phone James 2601.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51S3.
ORPHEUM Emplyoment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese help.426 Powell.nr. Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Best help. 411% O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
BY competent 'male stenographer of 26; one
year's experience; has knowledge of book-
keeping; moderate salary; references. Box
742, Call office.
EXPERIENCED floor walker of good address
wishes a position during the holidays; can
clerk in gentn' furnishing department. Box
744, Call Office.
WANTED— An energetic, reliable young man
of some business experience is desirous of ob-
taining a position as office or'stock clerk in
a wholesala house; references from present
employer; moderate wages. A. J., box 2061,
Call. ' >
MAN stenographer, long experience in law,
railroad and mercantila work, desires immedi-
ate employment: unquestionable references.
Box 731, Call office.
COMMERCIAL traveler of experience; highest
references as to ability and character; desires
immediate employment. Box 730, Call office.
SITUATION wanted In a private place; under-
stand the care of garden, horses and cows-
$20. J. W. LOTHROP. 329 Thirteenth Et.
BREAD and cake baker wants position. 313
Leavenworth st.
AN experienced nurse wishes situation; good
reference. Address T. SHEEHEY, 144 Juniper.
YOUNG man wants a position as helper of an
engineer. CARL BANSCHER, 1309 Stockton.
EXPERIENCED office man wishes situation as
bookkeeper, accountant or other office work;
security given If wanted. A. B. box 722, Call.
WAXTED — Position as fireman; on stationary
plant preferred. 661% Minna St.
SITUATION wanted— A good cake baker, fore-
. man (at present employed), will change if a
better Job is offered: willing to eo short dis-
tance in country. Address box 663. Call.
JAPANESE boy wishes work cleaning office cr
any kind little work in house, morning or
evening: room not necessary. HENRY, 2122
Flllmore st.
JAPANESE first-class laundry man wants sit-
uation; work by the day. GEORGE ISHITA,
104 Eleventh St.. telephone Folsom 188.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
rubccrlptlons has been established at 1088
Valencia nt.
FLATS TO LET.
ELGIN PARK, 36, near Thirteenth st— 4 sunny
rooms, laundry; partly furnished.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
NEW sunny upper flat, .7, rooms and bath; all
modern Improvements, n Laussat ave.
TO let— At Jll each, 4 fine flats on Folsom St..
opposite Columbia Square, between Sixth and
Seventh sU.. by JOHN PFORR. 403 Pine st.
$7— 4-ROOM flats on Victor St., off Bryant, b^t.
7th and tth. Inquire at grocery, 941 Bryant. ;
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished In" oalTliTTo. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
ELEGANT furniture in flat at 729 Hyde st. for
sale. Call after 10 a. m.
• FURNITURE WANTED.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc 1135 Market St.; tel. Jessie 761.
TO receive highest value for furn., carpets, etc.,
see W. E. CODY. 757 Mission, tel. Red 3353.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
Auctioneer— L.Vincent. 1305 Larktn: tel. Polk 691.
furniture & furn'd houses bousrht: spot caali.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
C R. HANSEN & CO.... Phone Grant 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
6 waitresses, different first-daea city hotels,
120; 9 waitresses, country, $20; 3 chamber-
maids to wait dinner, $20; 2 lunch waitreses,
J3i no Sunday work; 3 salesladies for glove
store, J6 week, and many others.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Swedish,, or German housegirl for 2 In family
for Sonora, see party here; 50 housegirls, city
and country, good wages; second girls, nurse-
glrfs, cooks, etc. ; cook. Oakland, $30, see
party here. CR. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
A NEAT young second girl and take care
children, choice place, $20. see party here.
C. R. HANSEN ft CO,. 104 Geary st.
SECOND girl, $26; cook, $30; S' housegirls, $30
each; 2 cooks, country, $30 each; waitress, $25.
Apply MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st. *
FIRST-CLASS finisher on custom coats; good
wages. ROSEXBLUM & ABRAHAM. 1103
Market St.
WANTED— Saleslady for retail store; give ref-
erence and line of business familiar with.
Box 738. Call office.
A LADY of Indomitable energy, possessed of
self-assertion; good opportunity to right par-
ty. F. PERSON, room 412. Parrott building.
WANTED— At TOWNSEND'S. 639 Market St..
bonbon dippers.
GIRL for general housework; small family.
2S3C California st.
WAITRES3 wanted at 207 Third st.
GIRL to assist in light housework; wages $12
to $15. 1S0S O'Farrell st. ¦
WANTED— Girl for housework and cooklnff; 3
in family. 1715 Buchanan st,
GIRL for general housework; good wages. Ap-
ply this forenoon 2709 Laguna st., near Green.
MIDDLE-AGED woman, light work; good
heme. 1S79 Valdez st.. Oakland. Cal.
YOUNG girl to do general housework and plain
cooking; wages $20. 911% Larkln st.
FROTESTANT woman for cooking. Apply at
579 Harrison Et.
GIRL for light housework. 3531 Seventeenth St.
WANTED— A young nurseglrl for two-year-old
child. Apply forenoon at 1402 Stockton st.
SEWIXG machine operators wanted at Levl
Strauss & Co.'s factory, 32% Fremont st.
Apply to MR. DAVIS.
WANTED — A conscientious woman, capable of
taking charge of business and directing em-
ployes: must have references. Address Re-
sponslble, box 717, Call office.
WANTED — A German girl to keep house for a
family of two: a good home; state wages ex-
pected. Box 718, Call.
WANTED— A girl for general housework; no
washing: wages $15. Apply at 1933 Grove st..
East Berkeley.
AMATEUR singers wanted. Apply at Chutes
at 6 o'clock this evening.
WANTED— Girl for general housework. Apply
172S Fell st.
W ANTED— First-class finisher on vests; also
apprentices; first-class pay. 956 Mission Bt.
WANTED— A girl to do good German cooking
and downstairs work. 1601 Post st.
OPERATORS on custom coats. BELASCO &
HARRIS CO.. 541 Market st.
WANT first-claes Pklrt hands. D. M. DAVID-
SON & CO.. 52 First st. ¦
FINISHERS on vests: steady work: good pay.
BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. 541 Market St.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements an1
subscriptions has been established at 10*6
Valencia st. -; : •¦
HELP AVANTED-MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY PHONE MAIN~5S4S
Leading. Employment and Labor Agents,
WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY..
50 tlemakera FARE PAID
Tlemakers, 9c to 12c. tools and provisions
furnished .'
Farmer and wife Carriage painter
Boys to l»>«rn trades; office and store boy;
150 woodchoppers, $1 to $3 cord; ranch hands.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Cook, country hotel, fare paid; cook and wife,
country hotel: liaker, country shop, J14 week:
laundryman: delicatessen man. MURRAY &
HEADY, C34-636 Clay St.
AT C. R. HANSEX & CO.'S. ...Phone Grant 1S3
A correspondent for a wholesale provision
house; must be thoroughly conversant with
California products, canned goods and export
in general; |U0. Apply to C. R. HANSEN
& CO 104 Geary st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary et.
50 woodchopperB. $1 23 <o $1 50 per corJ;
wagon-maker for ranch, $40; harness-maker,
ranch, 130; model-maker for terra cotta work,
$2 50 per day; choreman, ranch. $25 to $30.
C. R. HAXSKX & CO 104 Geary st.
A — CARPENTERS, 6 cabinet-makers, 4 bench
hands. Mechanics' Registration Bureau. 410
Kearny, r. 9; non-union mechanics register;
new Jobs dally; no office fees. Tel. Main 3S4.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union
free employment bureau: the only reccsnlzed
union of barbers. 115 Turk St.; tel. Folsom
1583. I. LESS,, Secretary.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec, 104 7th: tel. Jessie 152.
"WANTED — Sober man to tend bar In wine-
house; understands mixing drinks; married;
German or French sppaklng preferred. R. A.,
box 745, Call office.
WANTED— First-class ladles' tailor: state ex-
perience, referencei»i— ealary expected. Apply
box 7962, Call Office.
GENTLEMAN of Indomitable energy and
push; good opportunity to right man. F.
PERSON, room 412. Parrott building.
MAN wanted with small capital; light work;
can make $63 a month; experience not re-
quired. Apply at 1016 Market St.. room 10.
TRAVELING salesman wanted to carry Kloves
as side line; state territory. Box 733, Call.
BOY about 15 or 16 years. Inquire flower store,
SOS Valencia st.
WANTED — An experienced cream helper; also
strong errand boy. 405 Jones st.
WANTED— Strong boj >r coal yard. 211S Mar-
ket st.
FIRST-CLASS coatm.iker. 411V4 Kearny st. ,
RENT collector; state experience fully, salary
wanted and references. Box 737, Call office.
GET your shoes half-soled' while waiting; 25c
to f.Of. 562 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
YOUNG man to wait at table; small place; $20
to $25 a month. 700 Mission st.
A BOY wanted In bookblndery. 410 Sansomo
street.
BOY wanted to work in restaurant. 22S Kearny
Etreet. ,
GOOD shoemaker on repairs. 2801 Mission
street.
WANTED— Bootblack; good wages and found.
1048 McAllister st.
GOOD young dishwasher at 1201 Flllmore st..
corner Turk.
SHOE shop for sale; good location. 662 Mis-
sion st.. near Third.
BAREER shop for sale in a lively mining town;
cheap. Apply Call office.
WANTED— A neat, sober old man to wash
dl3hes for 15 and do chores In small country
hotel; good home; wages $10. Address P. O.
box 2S3. San Rafael. Cal.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
PENSIONS— J. H. Shepard & Co.. old reliabl.?
llrm. 806 Market, room 40. Phelan building.
EXPERIENCED fur cutter. D. PACKERT,
furrier. 318 Lcavenworth st. .
MEN to learn barber trade. 741 A Howard st.,
5 F. ' Barber School.
WANTED— Handy boy to learn a trade. Pa-
ciflc Trunk and Bag Co., 115 Minna st.
YOUNO man wanted to learn the barber trade;
easy terms. 713 Mission st.
BARBERS— A good 4-chair shop for sale at a
bargain. Apply at 902 Larkln st.
OPERATORS and tailors on coirts. BELASCO
6 HARRIS CO.. 541 Market St. -
LIKE to buy a 2-chalr second-hand barber cut-
fit. Box 52. Antloch. Contra Costa County.
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms, 10c. 15c and
20c. Boston House, SSO Howard st. ¦ .
COATMAKER for country. Apply REISS
BROS.. 24 Sutter at.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 25 Steuart.
HELP WAKTED-HALE.
WANTED— Recruits for the Marine Corps. .'U.
8. Navy, able bodied unmarried men ot good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
lees than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over « f* *
1 Inch in height; able to read, write -a
speak English. For further Information ap-
ply at the Marine Recruiting Office. 40 Ellis
street. San FrancUco, Cal.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only elgin
weeks required; position guaranteed; special
Inducements; catalogue free. MOLER'S
BARBER COLLEGE. C35 Clay St.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. : 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order, $1 per week, at
cash prices. N. Y. Tailoring Co.. 115 Kearny.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night: reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry. ¦•: '¦". ':.'
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A .BRANCH office for Call advertisement* and
subscriptions haa been established at 103C
Valencia st.
IIEMOKKHOIPS.
ANT case^oTpiles. Piles, "plTesTpilesT over 300
permanent cures anon: business men of San
Francisco alone; men who can be Interviewed;
no surgery, salves or ointments; no interfer-
ence with business during treatment. For fur-
ther particulars add. Physician, box 1930. Call.
HORSES. LIVE STOCK, Etc — For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcads Horse Market.
?27 Sixth t.t. ; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
HORSE cllvplr>g,byexperlenced men: best work;
cheap pricey. TVAL7.IEL. C05 Golden Gate av>.
HOUSES TO LET. :
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let; send for clr-
> cular. G. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 14 Montgomery.
232S KOLSOM st. — 2-story bay-window house,
7 roony and bath; rent ?23.
~~ iiYpVoTisMT
PROF. RATM^ND^StrTctly reliable; teaches
hypnotism In five lessons for J3. 997 Market st.
INVALID CIIAIKS AM) TRICYCLKS.
BOLD and rented; nianfr. of the Eames tricycla
chair. EAMES Tricycle Co.. -glOO Market st.
LOST ASP FOUND.
LOST— A pass book with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco in the
name of LOUIS GRUND, No. 212-900. The
finder will please return to the bank.
WILL the party who by mistake took a black
coat lined with silk from Pioneer Hall last
Tuesday evening return same to superintend-
ent of Y. M. I. building. 24 Fourth st?
LOST— Dec. 11, English setter dog, white, with
lemon-colored snots; Dash Antonio and ad-
dress on collar; liberal reward. 1293 O"Far-
rgll st.
LOST— A black mare; stands 15H hands high;
suitable reward. Return Emporium Horse
Market, 220 Valencia st. v
LOST— Bundle containing gents' furnishings.
Reward If returned to 17 Turk St.
LOST— Black-nnd-white greyhound bitch. Re-
turn to 33S1 Mission st. and receive reward.
FOUND — Certificate of Standard Con. Mining
Co. stock. Apply 116 Crocker building.
_____
MRS. DR. WYETH, reliable specialist; 25 yrs.'
successful practice; guaranteed treatment at
office. $5; any ailment; home for patients; con-
sult free. S42 Post St.. bet. Hyde and Larktn.
MRS. DR, KOHL, PJ7 Market st.. corner
Sixth— Safe and reliable ladles' physician;
treatment, $5; positive cure guaranteed; when
others fail consult, free. MRS. DR. KOHL.
DR. AND MRS. DAVIES, 1228 Market— Ladles'
specialists; 22 years' practice; positive cure
guaranteed: ladies treated can return same
day; HINDOO HERB home cure; stamps dr.
DIIS. GOODWIN, lOOT^i Market, expert on dis-
eases of women; 15 years' practice In S. F., a
cure guaranteed; $5 at office; have cured thou-
sands of cases; unexcelled success; see free.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, 1033 Market — Ladles' spe-
cialist; safe and sure cure, $5; best care: low
fees; when all others fail consult free.
DR. POPPER, specialist for 37 years for female
troubles. 823 Kearny st. ; call and see me.
POSITIVE cure for rheumatism; formula sent
upon receipt of $1. Address box 727, Call.
DR. WISE, the ladles' ppeclalist, HIS Market
street. :-;v ;.. -. ;
MRS. DR. GWYER. ladles* specialist; home
for patients. 504 Eddy St.
DR. XG TOY KEE cures disease by herbs;
advice free. 704 Sacramento st.. near Kearny.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SAL...
BOILERS, Engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 193-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second-hand; we always
have a large stock of raloon outfits on hand;
32 complete outfits on one floor, ready made;
we can ship everything In 24 hours. J.
NOONAN. 1017. 1019, 1021, 1023 Mission St.,
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
BUY a brand new typewriter for $5 down and
$5 per month; write for catalogue and price.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 409 California
ft. ; rentals, new machines, $3 per month.
I A PURE white solitaire dla. rlne; for $3<>;
worth double the price. UNCLE HARRIS,
I 15 Grant ave.
I A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en
I glnes, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
I etc. WHITELAW, 216 Spear st.
1 OPERA glasses, French make, with holder at-
i tached, worth $JT>, for $11: almost new. CAL-
IFORNIA LOAN OFFICE, 32 Stockton st.
i A— 100-HORSEPOWER encln«>. boll»r. two-drill
I air compressors. JARDIXE'S, 220 Fremont St.
!> AN aermotor windmill and 2 large tanks for
j sale cliear>. F. L. I3ABIX. 413 Kearny st.
j FOR sale — A large Saratoga trunk; well pre-
served; price $10. 372 Clementina st. •
j BLUE gum piles for sale. Apply PAUL KEY-
; SER, 200 Clay st.
I 40 H. P. COMPOUND steam engine, complete.
i cheap. H. S. WHITE. 611-516-518 Mission st.
I PORTABLE engines, boilers; iron and wood
1 planers, lathes; 2d-hand. J. Burke, 139 Bcale.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH Mfg. Co.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern goods
j bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery st.
10-TON Fairbanks scale and flra and burglar
proof safe. 216 California st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO., 417-423 Sacramento st.
MAGIC- lanterns, new and 2d-hand; moving
. pictures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
SAFES— New and second-hand: all sizes. THE
WALT?: SAFE. 109-111 Market St.. San Fran.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— Sacramento Union March 20, 1851 to
May 3, 1854; Sacramento Beo August 2. 1S60.
to January 1. 187S: quote price on all or any
numbers. W. F. PURNELL. Sacramento,
Cal. ¦_
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bought A
Hold. Sllverman. 0?4 Folsom; tel. Folsom 1191.
KLEIN still pays best price for clothing, bric-
a-brac and books. 109 Sixth St.: tel. Jersle 141.
WANTED— Upright piano for cash. H. L.
WHITEHEAD. 1710 Market st. .
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount en furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back In Installments or as a whole; If you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay it and carry the loan as long as you de-
fclre; avoid red tap- and publicity; see us
' lirst: you will be waited upon quietly ,• \
quickly. Call 68-C9 Donohoe bldg.; 1170 Market.
AA— BEST rates and easiest terms.
Second Mortgages
.Interest In Estates
Undivided Interest In Real Estate
Financial problems of all sorts and sizes
solved by HERMAN MURPHY. 630 Market.
A — MONEY to loan at rates which 'people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of your friends or. you will lose
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied: no delay; no
; publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 906 Market st. *
ANY amount at G per cent; 1st, 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay: get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery. r.-3.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent: first,
second mortgages, estates In probate, interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages, life Insurance. Room IS, first floor
Chronicle building. . HALLORAN & OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
• «st rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 846 Market
•St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
A— $500,000 on city and country real estate and
estates; chattel -mortgages; notes and collat-
, "erals. J. BROWNSTONE. 11 Montgomery st.
MOST reliable place to borrow, on diamonds
watches, jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount, lowest rates, on furniture, etc.;
no removal, no commission; strictly confiden-
tial. Room 3, Conservatory bldg., 301 Jones.
MONEY ¦ TO LOAX.
MONEY loaned on personal property or pianos
without removal. 1167 Market, bet. 7th & 8th.
CASH loaned on salaries, New York plan.
THE TOUSLE Y CO.. 321 Parrott bldg.
1% on furniture and pianos; $15 up; no removal:
no commission; private. Room 81. 6 Eddy st.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
LOANS. 1st or 2d mtgs; city, country: 6% undl-
vlded ints: estates. HARPER. 397 Parrott bid.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co.. 366 Parrott build-
ing; men can secure leans on personal note.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. Home Bldg. Co.. 222 Sansome. rm 2.
MONEY to loan on furniture by private party;
low rate. 917 Market st., room L
ON furniture and pianos; no removal: confiden-
tial; on diamonds, etc. 33 Taylor «t- . ;' r ¦-¦" .
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 809 Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral or ln-
dor»»r. 8. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bid.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
buRING~thTliext~. oui^storo will be
open evenings for the convenience of those
who cannot find ti.ne to call during the day.
"We have the fl: <t line of holiday presents
for you to select from and prices will be cut
to suit your purs«. MAUVAIS* MUSIC
STORE. 763 Market at.
TO close out our large stock of gramophone
records we will fill all orders until further no-
tice at 40c each or |4 60 per dozen. Send in
promptly, as the supply Is limited. MAU-
VAIS'. 769 Market st.
WE have lots of bargains In sec*nd-hand as
well as new pianos and shall be glad to show-
to any one. Our terms are the easiest and our
treatment of all customers the most satis-
factory. MAUVAIS MUSIC COMPANTT. 769
Market st.
ANY person having use for a piano can be ac-
commodated at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s with
easiest payments, lowest prices and most re-
* liable makers to choose from. Each the best
of their grade, from Stelnway down. Priv-
ilege given to exchange medium and low-
priced pianos for a new Stelnway any time
within three years from date of purchase.
- Beautiful new uprights sold for $6 cash anC
$6 per month. We offer to sell some good
pianos for $3, $4 and $5 per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers, cor-
ner Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Francisco;
corner Broadway and Thirteenth st., Oak-
land.
"AS HOLIDAY GIFTS." '
1 Emerson ;... $85
Sommer loo
Fisher 130
Stflnway 185
Chlckerlng 195
Mason & Hamlin 325
Heine A Hallett & Davis JJ25 to 975
Xew pianos, $149, can be exchanged any time
in 6 years, $6 down, $5 per month; rent al-
lowed; open evenings.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary St.
A-BYRON MAUZY'S.
Holiday Bargains in Slightly Used Pianos.
Sohmer, nearly new $450
Byron Mauzy, nearly new J00
Decker & Son. walnut case 223
Stelnway & Sons 150
Weber .» i;j
Bord 50
808-310-312 Post St.. opp. Union Square.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest" house,
west of Chicago is KOHLER A CHASE'S, 26.
28 and 30 O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. j
A- BIG sale of pianos now going on; all pianos
at reduced prices; fine large one, $155; num-
ber on time limited; agency Chickerlng, Ma-
son * Hamlin, Vose. Sterling, etc. BENJ.
CURT A Z & SON. 16 O'Farrell St.; open even-
ings.
BARGAINS, pianos on storage almost given
away; also car fine new pianos stored from
factory: must be sold at once to realize stor-
atf and freight; installments: open evenings.
WILSON" S STORAGE CO.. 1710 Market st.
A MANDOLIN, banjo or guitar would be a
nice Christmas gift. GRAEBER sells good
ones: 634 Post st.
$150 FOR beautiful uprlgrht piano; 3 pedals:
standard make; or rent for $2 30 month. 342
Kearnyfst. •...;-. • t
ALMOST new upright Steinway & Sohmer sac-
rificed; great bargains this month. BRUENN,
2CS Post st.
GENTLEMAN going to Manila must sacrifice
fine large nprlght piano. 419 Van Ness ave.
HIGH-GRADE pianos: Steck. Hardman. Con-
over & others. W. B. ALLEN & CO., 314 Post.
AT KEEFFE'S, 933 Market st.. 4 elegant up-
rlghts at your own price. Shonlnger agency.
GREAT many bargains in 2nd-hand uprights;
small installments. Hornung. 216 McAllister.
BEST rent stock in city: new pianos, J3 per
month. SCOTT-CURTAZ. 5eo Hayes st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
BARGAIN— Must be sold: nice uprlfcht piano.
BCHMITZ, 16 McAllister st., next Hlb. Bank.
A WEEK'S news for 5c— The Weekly Call. If
rscres. in wrapper, for ma! liner. $1 per year.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
A— 410 KEARNY— Sunny offices, en suite or sin-
gle, $8 upward; gas; heat and Janitor service
Included.
OIL.
ASPHALT for sale; quantities to suit; will
contract delivery: our oil stock advances to 3c
share V>ec. 20. JUAN1TA OIL CO.. 500 Mont-
gomery St.; agents wanted on commission.
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ, 310 Pine street.
MEMBER PRODUCERS 1 OIL EXCHANGE.
«--¦•».¦ Country correspondence solicited.
OIL LANDS FOR SALE.
KERN River Oil Lands— Proven territory In
the well-known tract of "Grace OH Co." for
sals; also other oil land for sale or lease; most
wonderful oil field known: over 530 feet of oil
sand; buy from owners and save commissions;
hm> been In field from start; will give you
facts concerning any locality. NEWTON.
CARMAN & SOMES, 101 Chronicle bldg.. San
Fianclsco: 416 Douglas Block. Los Angeles;
Southern Hotel. Baktrsfleld.
40 ACRES known oil land, McKlttrlck district,
close to going wells. $35 per acre, cash. Ad-
dress F. R. GRANNIS. 605 Market st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 paR-es. in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
g AT EVl S A , N D P* : *^£^-__ ixj -
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful.
GEO. D. CAMPBELL. Lawyer. Examiner big.
PERSONALS.
OWEN McCABE, importer, dealer In feathers:
hair mattress and pillow manufactory; old
feathers renovated and purified; all feathers
sold warranted well dressed with my patent
steam renovator. S70 Mission, tel. Jessie 1114.
CHEMIST of wide experience In manufactur-
ing will furnish Instructions for making
anything desired. Chemist, box 546, Call.
A removal sale; a nice cup and saucer free to
every one buying $1 or more worth of goods.
MIKOS1H TRADING CO.. 326-328 McAllister.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenllle-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine, In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS. 709 Fifth, Oakland.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY, 357 Jessie st.
I HAD paralysis and spinal trouble In Its
worst form, ¦ but after treating with Mme.
Ada six weeks gained IT pounds and am near-
ly well. I also had a bunch on my right eye,
and both being bloodshot and very weak. The
bunch has entirely gone and both eyes nearly
well and stronger than they have been since
I was a boy. E. Arnold. Address at MME.
ADA'S office, 1104 Market St.. rooms 3 and 4.
FOR SALE— Cheap; 5000 sacks of good potatoes.
For prices and samples communicate with
SHALMOUNT & CO.. 119 Washington St..
San Francisco. ' >.
MARRIED couple having no children wish to
adopt a boy from 4 to 6 years. Box 716. Call.
MEXICAN Hair Grower stops the hair from
¦ falling Immediately and restores gray hair to
Its natural color: ladles, call and Investigate.
Mexican Lady. 142 Sixth St.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS, tel. South 792.
made to order, renovated; honest work guar-
anteed; feathers and hair cleansed ; fine uphol-
stery; goods carefully packed for shipment or
storage. HOPKE BROS., 31S and 330 llth st.
ELECTRIC light in ever7 room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third Ft., near Market: 700 rooms;
23c to $1 50 per night; $1 GO to $t per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
COTILLON leaders, ho! An Imported novelty
In "Favors" at an extremely low price. Ad-
. dresa box 642, Call office.
HAIR positively grown on bald heads by purely
vegetable compound; absolute proof. Call or
address Da Q. S. MOORE. 483 Geary St.. S. F.
SUITS to order on installments; $15 upward: $1
a week. LEON LEMOS. 1117 Market St., be-
tween Sevenoth and Eighth. .
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTINO
CO.." 1310-1312 Stockton st.. near Broadway.
FINE suits. $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
A— $3 SO DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St.. near Pine.
ALL gentlemen wishing to marry wealthy seed
10c for latest list. MRS. HERTZ. 706 Ellis «t.
FIGER'S sweepers are the best and cheapest:
all kinds repaired and for sale. 343 Sutter at.
PERSOJfALS^
MASSAGE and electricity for facial blemishes
and wrinkles. Tel. Black 2456: 503 Taylor st.
DANICHEFF sell holiday gloye orders, good for
gloves ready-made or to cnler. 121 Grant ave.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
ELECTROLYSIS destroys superfluous hair and
moles; trial free. MISS EATO.V. 1119 Sutter.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; 25c; all druggists. |
SUITS to order on easy payments. Art Tailor-
lng Co.. 1644 Mkt.. under St. Nicholas Hotel.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JEXKEL. 817 Market st.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna: restores grar
hair to Its natural color: SI: at all druggists.
PALMISTRY.
ST^JEJtOME^O^SELTirsclenVihc palmist, "silt
Tavlor rt.. bet. Geary and Pnst: tel. Blf>fk 5*1 ._
PAKTXEHS WANTED.
WANTED— A lady or gentleman partner" In
good restaurant on main street of town; good
patronage. Address R., P. O. box 5C9. Sacra-
mento. Cal.
PHYSICIAXS_AXD SURGEONS.
CANCERS and tumors cured without surgical
operation. DR. J. HERBERT REEVE. 26ii
Kearny st.
DR. C C. O"DONNELL— Office and resldenc.
102114 Market st.. between Sixth and Seventh.
real. estate city for sa'x.
kbalT estate" baroainsT ~
A. St SPECK & CO.
HARD TO BEAT HARD TO BEAD
PRICES WILL SI-RELY ADVANCE.
$2730.
Five flats; rents, $31.
J36CO.
Four flats: rents. US: downtown.
J6CC0.
Three choice fiats, near Post and Taylor sts.;
finy9 10 per cent; 27 feet front; offer wante<i.
1 y $7500.
Flats: brar.d new; east of Van Ness ave.;
" ntS ' »r3.7;0-REDUCED FROM S1S.5C0.
Splendid 2-story 7-roora house, with (table;
sirhtly location: one-third cash.
JToOO INVESTED
¦Will yield $102 rent monthly above taxes; brand*
new Improvements.
$75,000— REDUCED FROM JS2.CO0.
Choice corner lot. 75-foot front: within half
a block of Market St.; with old Improvements;
rents about S400; the only corner that can b>
bought vicinity of Sixth st.
$32.500— REDUCED FROM $80,000.
Grand investment; 100-foot front en Ellis «.;
with Improvements: nicer and better than Pal-
ace Hotel; rents about S30CO; terms, half cash.
*S3M.
Rents $100: lOO-feet front; near Taylor »t.;
no chance like it.
»16.0CO.
Mission st. In rear of Palace Hotel; lot ExSO
feet; a bargain.
$20,000.
Corner- 60 feet front; vicinity Sutter St.. east
or Hyde: grand hotel, office or rooming-nouso
site; rents $107.
JIO.COO.
Sutter-st. corner: 87:6xS7:8; elegant Improve-
ments ; rents $1SOO per annum.
$M.0OO.
Forty-four feet front; vicinity of Tlvoll: old
Improvements; rents. 1200; block from Market;
will double surely in 10 years.
$100,000.
Market St.. near Call.
A. M. SPECK Sc CO.. W7 Market st.
LOTS WESTWARD.
REASONABLE OFFERS WILL BE
SUBMITTED.
Northwest corner Broadway and Fillmore St..
60x137:6, $22,500; one of the finest lots in San
Francisco.
South side Broadway, between Flllmore) and
Steiner sts.; 34:3x127:3; $3400.
East side of Steiner st., between Broadway
and Vallejo; 26x100; J2600.
Northeast corner Vallejo and Stelner . «t». 1
84:4x137:6; $45C*.
North side Vallejo St., between Flllmore. and
Stelner; lots $100 a front foot.
South side. Green street, between Flllznora
and Stelner; only $53 a front foot.
Northwest corner Steiner and Green sts.; Z7:9
xlOO; 1230.
North eld* Green St.. west ot Stelner: S7:8x
137:6; $2500.
Two lots on Stelner St., north of Green; 3J:Sx
100; $1250 each.
Flllmore st. electric cars and Union si. cars
near all of abov^ lots.
Terms: One-third cash, balance at • per
cent; lender to pay mortgage tax.
THOS. MAGEE & SONS. 5 Montgomery s*.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
CAN TOU SPARE $3 OR $10 A MONTH?
SELECT A GOOD LOT FROM US AT A
BARGAIN*.
$500 to $S0O— Incomparable Sunset lots; graded.
$C00 to $SSO — Choicest Richmond lota; $19
monthly.
$75 to $300— Ocean Boulevard .'ots: $3 monthly.
$100 to $150 — Level lots near Mission electric
cars; $3 monthly.
$500 to $1000— Splendid cottages near cars; In-
stallments like rent.
Branch office. Ninth ave.. near II »t. Open
every day and Sunday.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
ROOM U. CHRONICI.E BUILDING.
IF you have property north of the Park and)
you wish to sell quickly, then call on W. J.
GUNN. S?0 California st.
OWNERS of property In the Potrero that wish
to sell call on W. J. GUNN. 530 California
st.. S. F. Savings Union building.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In th»
United State*- or Canada one year for $1.
postage paid.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
WE have for sale and exchange some of the
test stock, grain and fruit ranches in th«
State. P. C. LASSEN & CO.. 1010 Broad-
way, Oakland. Cal.
ACCURATE knowledge, each of the 3CO) ranch-
es on my sale and exchange list— more than
all other agents In city ; state what's wanted.
N. D. SICKELS. the Land Ag°nt. < Geary st.
RKAL ESTATE TO E\CHA\GE.
MARION GRIFFIN. 713 Market St.. »e'.ls and
exchanges farms and city property; printed
lists.
NEW -ottage C rms... bath: lot 50x100: Mission;
rvTitA* tcmns * nn<1 v 51 cunt lots. 413 9 1.
ALAMRDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
alameda real estate. k
foITlvTe^tments^ — - —
4 new modern 3-room cottages: pay 10 per
cent; best location; always rented; several
other bargains. Apply to A. R. DENK3
8R.. 1400 Webster St.. Alameda.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
ipLHTNDID Berkeley"~home for sals; oholc*
corner lot on Durant ave., close to univer-
sity; modern house of 12 rooms, with fureac*,
range, city plumbing and very finest Cnlsn
and decorating: price $11,000. O. O. MAY
& CO.. 2123 Center St.. Rerkeley. CaL
40x130; THREE minutes' walk from Ashby »ta-
tion: cheap for price, or on easy installments.
271 Lexington ave.. San Francisco.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 111» BROADWAY.
OAKLAXD REAL ESTATE.
$4<xTcASH. $7 50 monthly till paid for; cottaga
of 5 rooms and bath; large bam. chicken-
house and run: fruit trees and shrubbery: a
nice cozy home in the right spot; belnir
healthful: 2 fine lots. 1^0 deep; picket fence;
city water and sewer: near a model schocl-
house and electric cars; nice nelghborhoo-J ;
sandy loam soil; view something grand; away
from cold winds and fcg; adjoining East
call cr send lor circular for cheap
lots or acreage: 455 Seventh St.. Oakland;
Broadway station; carriage free. H. Z.
JONES, owner.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
GOOD houses. Get list from GEO W. AU3-
TTN *¦ CO.. 100* Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND FIRX1TURE FOR §ALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas^the
f uxElture dealer, llth and. Franklin. Oakland.TACOMA, Dec. 12.— Two new tlmb«r
companies were incorporated here to-day
by Frederick Weyerhauser and -'other
prominent lumber men of the Mississippi
Valley.
The Clear Water Timber Company Is
capitalized at a half million dollars, with
Tacoma as its principal place of business
and the following trustees: Frederick
\Veyerhauser. St. Paul. Minn.; Edward
Rutledge, Chippewa Falls. Wls.; John A.
Humblrd. St. Paul; John F. Clover, Hud
son. Wls.; George S. Long, Tacoma,
Wash. . ? • >
The Humblrd Lumber Company Is cap
italized at a half million dollars, with
Tacoma as Its headquarters and the fol
lowing trustees: John A. Humblrd. Bt.
Paul: F. Weyerhauser, St. Paul; F. C. A.
Denckman, Rock Island. III.; Edward
Rutledge, Chippewa Falls, Wls.; Charles
Long, Wash.
a Half Million Dollars Each.
Incorporated With Capital Stock of
TWO NEW TIMBER COMPANIES.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Height* of High and Low
Waters at Fort 'Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at the.
city front (Mission-street wharf) about twenty
five minutes later than at Fort Point; the
height of tide Is the same at both places.
NOTE— In».the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive titles of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time of
day, the third time column gives the last
tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are In addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign <— ) precedes the height, and
then the number given Is subtracted from the
depth given by the charts. The plane of refer
ence is the mean of the lower low waters.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Steamer Movements.
The steamer Benatov. sailed yesterday for
Victoria with the* following cargo valued at
$9594: 20 cb arms and ammunition, 3.". cs canned
goods. SO bdls cordage. 4 pk*» Chinese pro
vUlonH, 840 fba coffee, 17,774 lbs dried fruit, 3
C8 drygoodu, 13 ca drugs, a cs electrical goods,
86 bxs fruit, 30 cs gunpowder, 16S pkgs jro
• >«sO ¦ '-i 'rrfin J 7^iiiTr'~V'iiTT»i»irfiiirii>iiTTliiii(ir<
Merchandise for Victoria.
The Cassard will lead wheat or barley at
Portland for Europe, 43s . 9d. 6d lens direct;
the EuKene ' Fautrel, wheat at this port for
Europe, 36s 3d, prior to arrival; the Martha
Davis, merchandise for Hllo.
Shipping Merchants.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Captain . Stockfieth of the steamer
Crescent City Is about to retire to pri
vate life. He has commanded the steamer
ever since she was built and before that
was In the schooner J. G. Wall. Captain
Stocktleth is one of the best known and
best liked of coasting shipmasters. Thou
sands of people who have traveled with
him during the past twenty years will be
sorry to hear of his retirement.
The lightship has been overhauled and
Is agnln back at her .station, much to the
delight of the coasting captains.
A small tug named El Salvador has Just
been launched for Central American peop
ple. She will tow a hargre from here to
Acajutla and will then go into the coffee
trade. ;
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company's
City of Puebla sailed for the Sound yes
terday. She is to have new boilers put
in and will be gone about three months.
The whaling bark Gayhead ha3 been
purchased by Captain Charles Fisher,
who will take her north on a whaling
cruise in the spring 1 .
Water Front Notss.
The Spreckels new tug L. Luckenback
sails to-day for Santa Rosalia to try and
get the stranded ship Edmund (ex-Wil
liam Tell) off the beach. The Edmund
was on her way to Portland to load wheat
for Europe and went broadside on the
beach in a gale. . When last heard from
Bhe was resting easy and the chances aro
that the Luckenback'will get her off. All
the necessary wrecking plant and extra
hawsers are aboard and Captain McCoy
will superintend the attempt at salving
the big four-master.
03 on. Rescue Work.
Bateman Bros.' claim for $4200 for ex
tra work done on the Union ferry depot
was referred to the Board of .Examiners
at Sacramento for a decision.
Newsom & McNeil were awarded the
contract for repairing and extending tha
Steuart-street shed for $15,372.
Harbor Commissioners Meet.
The bids for cement were all rejected
by the Harbor Commissioners yesterday.
There were five of them and H. M. New
hall & Co. were lowest at $2 35 per "sack."
while John D. Spreckels & Bros. Com
pany and Meyer. Wilson & Co. asked
$2 54 per barrel, W. R. Grace & Co. $2 55
per barrel ajid G. W. McNear $2 67*£ i>er
barrel. As there seemed to bo a mix-up
between "sacks" and "barrels" and New
hall it Co. had evidently not understood
tbe advertisement it wa? deolded to reject
all of the bids and readvertlse.
The Sierra will take away one of the
largest white passenger lists that has
ever, gone out of San Francisco. She has
over 200 first class passengers, over
eighty Jn the second cabin, and about
forty in the steerage. All told she will
take away about 350 passengers. Steam
ships on the China run have taken away
more passengers, but then nearly all of
them were Chinese, but outside of the
transports the Sierra will have the largest
crowd of white passengers aboard that
ever went out Of the port. Kvery ounce
of cargo she can carry is aboard and Cap
tain Howard, superintendent of the com
pany, has seen to it that the big steam
ship is in perfect trim. ?
The Oceanic Steamship Company's mail
boat Sierra did not get away on time last
night. Owing to the non-arrival of the
Knglish mails her departure was post
poned. A train wreck in the Rockies is
the cause of the delay.
tralia Until This Afternoon.
Sierra Will Not Get Away for Aus-
MAIL STEAMER IS DELAYED.
fpcnslblo for the leak.
The cargo of the Gertrud will be dls
i'haiKe«! find the vessel will go on trie
drydocli for an overhauling. Tr.e grairj
belnng« to the Portland Grain Company
ami tuti vessel was on her way to Cork
fo? orders when the trouble arose.
The Gertrud left Portland on November
27 ni>d raised out over the bar on Decem
ber 1. She was loaded with 63.630 centals
of wheat valueo at $52,800, and »vas deep
in the water. It was blowing hard at the
time anri there vras a heavy swell on the
bar. £he did not strike very hard and
when the tu« cast off the captain did not
think there v as any danger. The next
day it blew a gale from the south and
iso'.n thero was a foot of water in the
held. 'I hen it was the captain put about
tt-:.l ran :or the Sound. When the gaJe
putiBide'l an examination was made and
It was loL'nd that an open port was re-
THE German ship Gertnid, over
which there has been considerable
anxiety, reached port In distress
yesterday afternoon. She is an
old timer, having been built In
1F7I. r.nd was formerly the- British ship
Duchess cf Edinburgh. When, therefore.
It was veyjoi-ted that she had struck on the
Columbia River bar when passing out and
immediately afterward was caught In a
heavy bcutlierly gale, grave fears were
entertained for the safety of the vessel.
Later when spoken by a Portland steam
ship the captain reported that his ship
was leaking and that he was making for
Ptiget Scund. The wind chopped around,
however, so he changed his mind and
came to Ran Francisco.
Wednesday, December II.
Stmr Progreso. Monroe. 98 hours from Se
attle.
Stmr Pomona, Shea. 20 hours from Eureka.
Stmr South Coast, Olsen, 11 hours from
Bowens Landing.
Stmr Corona, Gielaw, 60'i hours from San
Pedro and way ports.
Stmr San Mateo, Fletcher, 90 hours from
Nanalmo.
Stmr San Pedro, Zaddart, 30 hours from Eu
reka.
Ger ship Gertrud, Henke, IS days from Port
land, via Astoria 11 days; put In for repairs.
Schr Conflanza. Chrlstensen, 8 days from
Coquille River.
Schr Henry Wilson, Johnson. 15 days from
Grays Harbor.
CLEARED.
"Wednesday. December 12.
Stmr Sierra. Houdlette, Sydney and Hono
', lulu: J U Soreckels & Bros Co.
Stmr Senator. Patterson, Victoria: Goodatl,
Perkins & Co.
Stmr City of Puebla. Jepsen. Seattle: Good
all, Perkins & Co.
Stmr North Fork, McLellan, Eureka; Charles
Nelson.
Whaling bark California. Smith, whaling voy
aiv; Lewis, Anderson & Co.
Whaling- bark Alice Knowles. Montgomery,
whaling voyage; J & W R Wing.
SAILED.
Wednesday, December II.
Stmr Queen. Thomas. San Diego.
Stmr Kureka. Jesaen, Eureka.
. Stmr North Fork, McLellan. ETureka.
Stmr Senator, Patterson, Victoria and Port
Townaend.
Stmr Samoa. Jacobs, Eureka.
Stmr Ccxiullle River, Thomr'son, Grays Har
bor. »
Stmr Scotia, "Walvljr, Rockport.
Stmr City of Puebla, Jepsen, Seattle.
Stmr Newbunr, Peterson. Grays Harbor.
Aus stmr Slam. Xigga. St Vincent.
AVhalinsr bark California, Smith, whaling:.
Schr Ivy. Hall, .
Schr Mary Buhne. Weber, Eureka.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Dec 12, 10 p m— Weather
thick: wind NE. velocity 6 miles.
MEMORANDUM.
Per Oer ship Gertrud— Sailed from Portland
Nov 27. Astoria Dec 1. On Deo 2. 150 miles
WSW of Astoria, had a heavy southerly gale.
Found the ship leaking and about 13 Inches of
water in the hold. After removing 1 some of
the cargo found the leak was through an open
port on the starboard side. Put into San Fran
cisco for repairs.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
BOWENS LANDING— Sailed Dec 12— Schr
Newark, hence Dec 11.
EMPIRE CITY. Or— Arrived Dec 12— Schr
Volunteer, hence Dec 1.
SAN DIEGO— Sailed Dec 12— Ger stmr Neko,
for San Fmnciswo.
Arrived Dec 12— Schr Mabel Gray, for Eu
reka.
TACCTMA— Arrived Dec 12— Schr Ann!* Lar
sen. hence Nov 27.
CASPAR— Sailed Dec 12— Stmr Luella, for San
Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Dec 12— Etmr Bruns
wick, for ; rtmr Navarro. for .
EUREKA— Arrived Dec 12— Stmr Charles Nel
son, hence Dec 11: stmr Iaqua. hence Dec 11.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Dec 12— Stmr Se
quoia, hence Dec 11.
Failed D»>e 12 — Stmr Noyo. for San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Dee 12— Br bark
Yola. from Honolulu: U S itmr Wheeling.
Arrived Dec 12— Ger bark Antigone, from
Santa Rosalia.
Sailed Dec 12— Ship Great Admiral, for Syd
ney.
SEATTLE— Arrived Dec 11— Stmr Nome City,
hence Dec 8: stmr John S Klmball. hence De
cember *.
Sailed Dee 11— Stmr Cottage City, for Bitka;
stmr Centennial, for San Francisco. Dec 12—
Stmr Willamette, for San Francisco.
COOS BAY— Arrived Dec 12— Stnr Empire. |
hence Dec 9.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Deo 11— Br stmr
Athos, from Colon. Dec 18— Stmr Niagara, from
Colon.
Sailed Deo 12— Stmr Finance, for Colon: ship
Henry B Hyde, for Baltimore and San Fran
cisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
FKEMANTLE— Arrived prior to Dec 11— Ship
Airenor. from Tacoma.
NEWCASTLE, Aus— Sailed Dec 11— Schr Mu
riel, for Honolulu.
ACAPULOO— Palled D^c 11— Stmr Colon, for
San Francisco.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Deo »— Stmr Victoria.
from Tacoma.
CARMANAGH POINT— Passed in Dec 12—
Stmr Olympia, from Hongkong, for Tacoma:
Br Etmr Empress of India, from China and
Japan, for Vancouver.
HONGKONG— Arrived Dec »-Stmr Argyll,
for Manila. ; *_ r - " _ ,
SALAVERRY— Arrived Dec 7— Schr Spokane,
from Callao.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Dec 12— Stmr South
wark, from Antwerp.
Sailed lx»c 12— Stmr Cevle. for Liverpool:
Ftir.r New York, for Southampton: stmr
Deutsrhland. for Hamburg, via Plymouth and
Cherbourg stmr Germanic, for Liverpool.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Dec 9— Stmr % Ictoria,
from Tacoma. for Hongkong.
ANTWERP— Arrived Dec 11— Stmr Kensing
ton, from New York, via Southampton.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Dec 12— Stmr Sylvanla.
"pORTLAND. Me— Arrived Dec 12— ftmr Cam
broman, from Liverpool.
KIXSALK— Passed Dec 12— Stmr Corinthian,
from Portland. Me., and Halifax, N fc. for
HONGKONG— Arrived Dec 12— Stmr Carlisle
City, from Tacoma, for Manila; stmr Duke of
Fife from Tacoma and Victoria, via Yokoha
ma:' stmr Hongkong Maru. from San Fran
cisco via Honolulu and okohama.
QUEENSTOWN-Arrived Dec 12— Stmr New
England, from Boston, for Liverpool, and pro-
C *POUTHAMPTON— Sailed Dec 12— Stmr Kals«r
Wllhelm der Grosse, from Bremen, for Cher
bourg and New York.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographle Office. IT. 8. N7, Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco, Cal.,
December 12, 1900.
The time ball on the tower of th« new Ferrr
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
J. •., at noon of the 120th meridian, .or at $
O'clock p. -in., Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander, U. B. N.. in chare*.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
The Austrian steamer Slam cleared Tuesday
for St. Vincent with E7.297 ctls wheat valued
at $$7,300 and 36.000 feet lumber dunnage valued
at $360. Total value, $V7,660.
Shipment of Wheat.
cerles and provisions, F!$ feet hardwood, IS
bars iron, PI bxs lemons, 23 cs liquors, 11 cs
metal polish. 56.775 lbs malt, 37S1 lbs nut«.
S5 bxs oranges. 11 cs oil, 5 crs potatoes, 356
bxs raiMns. 1150 n>9 sugar, 4 bdls spices, 30
sheets steel. 26.62S lbs soda, 17 cs varnish. 61
crs vegetables, 378 i?al3 wine. E0 slabs zinc.
Prisoner Makes Bold Break for Free
dom at Spokane.
SPOKANE. Wash., Dec. 12.— While
Judge Marshall was holding a preliminary
hearing of Edward Hanson, charged with
counterfeiting, this afternoon, the prisoner
quietly arose and sneaked out of tho
room. Owing to the small courtroom be
ing crowded the escape was not noticed
until the Judge turned to announce that
the prisoner would be held to answer. Of
ficers started in pursuit of Hanson, •who
was tracking for the river. A few shots
were fired from revolvers and he gave
himself up. Tho escape was the boldest
ever known in the city. Hanson is one of
the trio recently arrested with bogus
mftney In their t>ossespton. A search of
their cabin resulted in the finding of molds
and other tools.
WALKS FROM COURTROOM.
Seems to Still Sold the Balance
of Power.
LOUISVILLE, Dec. 12.-To-day's ses
sions of the American Federation of La
bor apparently disclosed the fact that
there will be little or no opposition to the
re-election of Samuel Gompcrs as Presi
dent.
Two propositions, the votes on which
may be regarded as tests, resulted in de
cisive triumphs for the ideas advocated by
Mr. Gompers. Max Hayes of Cleveland
led the opposition in both instances, but
the battle did not at any time become
personal or bitter. One of tho resolutions
was to limit the term of the federation's
president in the future to two years: the
other provided for tho election of the of
ficers of the body by the initiative and
referendum, instead of a vote In mass
convention on the last day of the annual
session as prevails at present. Both were
defeated. The contest for next year's
c nvcntlon appears to He between Mil
waukee and Scranton, Pa.
President of Federation of Labor
LITTLE OPPOSITION TO
RE-ELECTION OF GOMPERS
GERMAN SHIP GERTRUD AS SHE APPEARED OFF THE COLUMBIA RIVER IN A SOUTHERLY GALE. SHE
SPRANG A LEAK AND HAD TO PUT IN HERE IN DISTRESS. HER CARGO WILL BE DISCHARGED AND
THE VESSEL OVERHAULED.
Chicago Commission Finally Agrees
Upon a Plan for Municipal
Action.
CHICAGO, Dec. 12.— After more than a
year's Investigation the Chicago Street
Railway Commission has agreed upon a
plan for municipal action In regard to
street railways. These will be incorpor
ated in a bill,, which will be presented to
the City Council with the recommenda
tion that the Council recommend its pass
age by the State Legislature.
The plan includes provisions for munici
pal ownership, this to be decided by a
popular vote of the municipality. It also
provides that in cases of new street-rail
way companies the franchise question
must be submitted to a popular vote; uni
fication of all street railway systems in
Chicago, thus allowing a transfer system
which would include the whole city; ar
bitration of all labor difficulties and pub
lication by the railways of detailed an
nual reports.
M. Genchits Sentenced.
BELGRADE, Dec. 12.— M. GcncHt?,
former Minister of the Interior, h.is been
sentenced to seven years' imprisonment
for les=e majeste and publicly insulting- the
Government.
m
King Oscar Recovering.
STOCKHOLM, Dec. 12.— The condition
of Kinp Oscar is so much improved that
It is expected he will be able to resume
the reins of government In a few days.
SOLUTION OF STREET
RAILWAY PROBLEM
Opening Session of the American
League of Municipalities at/
Charleston.
CHARLESTON. S. C. Dec VI.— The
fourth annual meeting of the League of
Municipalities was called to order here to
day in the Auditorium. The mayors were
welcomed in addresses by Governor Mc-
Sweeney of this State, and Mayor Smith
of Charleston/ and the response was made
by the president of the league, Mayor
Henry Johnson of Denver. The morning
session was opened by the annual address
of President Johnscn. The first topic for
discussion was "What Policy Is Best to
Use In Enforcing the Law Pertaining to
Saloons?" on which subject Mayor Cap
pelle of Columbus, Ga.. read an lnterest
ftig paper. M. X. Baker, editor ot the
New York Engineering >.ews, read a pa
per on "Sewage Disposal Problems," and
Consulting Engineer Perkins of Hartford
Conn., made an address on "A Practical
Illustration of Municipal Ownership in a
New England Community of Ten Thou
sand Inhabitants."
This evening the mayors and clvle
officials and engineers attended a recep
tion at the City Hall given by the Gov
ernor of the State and the Mayor of this
city. Large numbers of municipal officers
have arrived here on every train slnco
night.
DISCUSS PROBLEMS
OF CITY GOVERNMENT
SALT LAKE. Dec. 12.— A special to the
Tribune from "VVhite Reck, Utah, says:
This has been a day of excitement at the
Uintah agency, find late this afternoon,
acting upon information of the Indian po
lice that threats had been nmdo to burn
the school luiiliings, Agent Myton re
quested Major Hughes, commanding at
Fort Duchcsne, to send assistance. Jn re
sponse. Lieutenant „ Pearson with sixty
men of Troop K, v/ere en the way at 6
O'clock.
At least thirty of the children in the
school are down with measles and other
diseases, and their parents have boen
much dissatlslied because the children
were not allowed to so home. The climax
was reached when one of the Indian fami
lies learned that a daughter of the house
had died tiurliifr the niRht.
Black Hawk n?nde it his business to go
to the school this morning am! demand
the release of his children. O'Connor, a
teacher, made Eomn show of resistance,
and was thrown down stairs and the chil
dren taken away by force. Several other
children were taken away by other In
dians. Agent Myton called a council and
informed the Indians that it was danger
ous to move the children while sick, but
they said they would take all the respon
sibility.
The prompt action of Agent Myton has
put a Ktopto an insurrection that certainly
would have been serious if not disastrous
to the lives of' the whiles and to the Gov
ernment property, which, for a time at
least, would have been at the mercy of
the redskins.
Children Are Quarantined Because of
Epidemic of Measles and Par
ents Demand Their
Release.
Threats Mads to Burn the
Buildings at the Uintah
Agency.
TROOPS TO GUARD
INDIAN SCHOOL
GERMAN 5HIP GERTRUD COMES
BACK TO PORT IN DISTRESS
Strikes on the Columbia River Bar and Afterward Springs a
Leak— Mail Steamship Sierra Will Not Get Away for Hawaii,
Samoa, New Zealand and Australia Until This Afternoon.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 13, 1900.
Leland Arrlngton, the eight-year-old
newsboy, who fell In front of a Powell
street cable car on Monday evening last
and lost a leg as the* result of th« acci
dent, was removed on Tuesday to the
Children's Hospital through the kindness
of Mrs. William Gerstle. who has given
instructions that the unfortunate lad shall
have every attention necessary. The
sister of the lad Is the governess to Mrs.
Gerstle'a daughter.
A Good Samaritan.
STOCKTON. Dec. 12.— The quarterly
roeetin? of x th* State Dairymen's Associa
tion convened this moraine at Fraternal
Hall. President William Johnson calling
th,e meeting to order and delivering tbe
opening address. Professor Leroy Ander
son delivered an address on the "Con
struction of the Dairy Herd." C. A.
Stowe read an Interesting paper on tbe
"Handling and Feeding of Calves."
Thi3 afternoon Professor M. E. Jaffa
spoke on "SUos and Feeding Ensilage."
He was followed by W. H. Roussel. on
"Qualifications of Creamery Managers."
after which S. E. "Watson spoke upon the
"Advantage of Keeping Dairy Records'."
There was a general discussion relative
to dairy schools at the State University.
meeting at Stockton.
DAIRYMEN IN CONVENTION.
Stats Association Holds Its Quarterly
11
±\J SAlij.
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. | Pter.
Pomona — Humboldt IDec. 14. 2pm;Pter »
CUy R. Jan China* Japan-Doe. 14. t pmlPMSS
Columbia .. Portland Dec. 14. 11 am[Pler 24
Corona Newport Dec. 14, 8 ami Pier 11
Bel. King... China* Japan Dec. 15, 10arajPler27
Pt. Arena.. 'Point Arena.. Dec. 15. 2 pmlPler 3
Czarina .... [Seattle &Tac.| Dee. IS. 5 pm I Pier 8
W. Kruger. Grays HarborlDec. 15, • pmiPler 13
Arcata Coos Bay Dec. 15. 12 m|Plerl3
San Pedro.. Humboldt |Dec. IS, 10 am Pier 2
Santa Rosa. [San Diego....; Dec. 18, Jam Pter 11
Walla Wal.IVIc & P&t Sd. D«c. 17. 11 am Pier 9
Eureka ..'.. [Humboldt Dec. 17. 9 am Pl»r 13
City Para... Pan. & Way . Dec. IS. 12 m PMSS
Bonlta INe-n-port ! Dec. 13. 3 am Pier 11
Hathor .... Hambg&Way Dec IS
St. Paul.... Panama D»c. IS, 2 pm Pier Si
Mandfclay . Coqullle Rlv.. Dec. 18. 10 am Pier 2
Alliance ... PortrdAC.B.JDec. 18. 10 am Pier 2n
G. W. Elder Portland Dec 19. 11 am Pier 24
Queen Han Diego.... Dec. 13. $ am Pter 11
Xorth Fork Kumboldt Defl. IL 9 am Pier 2
to arrive
Steamer. I From. I Du«.
From.
Du«.
W. H. Kruger.. Grays Harbor Dec. 13
Crescent City.. Crescent City Dec. 13
Washtenaw Tacoma Dec. 13
Walla Walla... Victoria A. Puget Sound Dec 13
Santa Rosa. Ban Diego Deo. 13
Arcata Coos Bay Deo. 13
Point Arena.... Point Arena Dec 13
Willamette .... Seattle Dec. 13
Czartna Seattle Dec. IS
Neko Hamburg & Way Port* Dec 13
Jeanle Seattle Dec. 14
Robt. Adamson.'Nanalmo Dec. 14
Eureka JHumboldt Dec. IS
Santa Barbara.. (Humboldt Dec. 15
Coptic (China and Japan Deo. 13
Mackinaw Seattle Dec. 15
Empire Coos Bay Dec. 13
Del Xorte....... Portland and Coos Bay. Dec. 16
Mandalay Coqullle River Dec. U
Bonlta Newport Deo. IS
Queen 9an Dlfgo Dec. IS
O. W. Elder Portland Dee. 1*
Pomona Humboldt |Dec. 17
ITmatllla Victoria & Puget Sound Dec. 18
North Fork Humboldt Dec IS
Corona Newport IDee. 19
Rainier Seattle & New Whatcom! Dec 13
1111 KM'AI, Utl.WlUMl 1J.
Sun rises 1:19
<un seta 4:52
VIoon risrs (third quarter) 0:C0 a. m.
0 Time Time Time Time
P Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
• HW L.W H W LW
13 ... 6:14 5.1 ll:« S.« 5:ttt S.5 10:37J 1.7
;4 ... 5:55 5.2 12:50 2.2 6:21 3.3 11:251 2.3
.5... 8:34 5.2 1:39 1.7! 7:40 3.4 1.....
L W H \V| |t, W| H Wl
t ... 0:12 S.5 7:12| 5.3! 2:19| 1.2 8:51 3.5
,7 ... 0:591 18 tin 5.41 2:54 0.« »:4« 3.7
3 ... 1:4*1 3.8 8:19 E.»! 3:30 0.2 10:35 4.0
l»... 2:331 S.l! 8:53 5.7| 4:04 -4.Z 11:18 4.1
1111 KM'AI, Utl.WlUMl 1J.
Sun rises 1:19
<un seta 4:52
VIoon risrs (third quarter) 0:C0 a. m.
0 Time Time Time Time
P Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
• HW L.W H W LW
13 ... 6:14 5.1 ll:« S.« 5:ttt S.5 10:37J 1.7
;4 ... 5:55 5.2 12:50 2.2 6:21 3.3 11:251 2.3
.5... 8:34 5.2 1:39 1.7! 7:40 3.4 1.....
L W H \V| |t, W| H Wl
t ... 0:12 S.5 7:12| 5.3! 2:19| 1.2 8:51 3.5
,7 ... 0:591 18 tin 5.41 2:54 0.« »:4« 3.7
3 ... 1:4*1 3.8 8:19 E.»! 3:30 0.2 10:35 4.0
l»... 2:331 S.l! 8:53 5.7| 4:04 -4.Z 11:18 4.1
±\J SAlij.
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. | Pter.
Pomona — Humboldt IDec. 14. 2pm;Pter »
CUy R. Jan China* Japan-Doe. 14. t pmlPMSS
Columbia .. Portland Dec. 14. 11 am[Pler 24
Corona Newport Dec. 14, 8 ami Pier 11
Bel. King... China* Japan Dec. 15, 10arajPler27
Pt. Arena.. 'Point Arena.. Dec. 15. 2 pmlPler 3
Czarina .... [Seattle &Tac.| Dee. IS. 5 pm I Pier 8
W. Kruger. Grays HarborlDec. 15, • pmiPler 13
Arcata Coos Bay Dec. 15. 12 m|Plerl3
San Pedro.. Humboldt |Dec. IS, 10 am Pier 2
Santa Rosa. [San Diego....; Dec. 18, Jam Pter 11
Walla Wal.IVIc & P&t Sd. D«c. 17. 11 am Pier 9
Eureka ..'.. [Humboldt Dec. 17. 9 am Pl»r 13
City Para... Pan. & Way . Dec. IS. 12 m PMSS
Bonlta INe-n-port ! Dec. 13. 3 am Pier 11
Hathor .... Hambg&Way Dec IS
St. Paul.... Panama D»c. IS, 2 pm Pier Si
Mandfclay . Coqullle Rlv.. Dec. 18. 10 am Pier 2
Alliance ... PortrdAC.B.JDec. 18. 10 am Pier 2n
G. W. Elder Portland Dec 19. 11 am Pier 24
Queen Han Diego.... Dec. 13. $ am Pter 11
Xorth Fork Kumboldt Defl. IL 9 am Pier 2
to arrive
Steamer. I From. I Du«.
From.
Du«.
W. H. Kruger.. Grays Harbor Dec. 13
Crescent City.. Crescent City Dec. 13
Washtenaw Tacoma Dec. 13
Walla Walla... Victoria A. Puget Sound Dec 13
Santa Rosa. Ban Diego Deo. 13
Arcata Coos Bay Deo. 13
Point Arena.... Point Arena Dec 13
Willamette .... Seattle Dec. 13
Czartna Seattle Dec. IS
Neko Hamburg & Way Port* Dec 13
Jeanle Seattle Dec. 14
Robt. Adamson.'Nanalmo Dec. 14
Eureka JHumboldt Dec. IS
Santa Barbara.. (Humboldt Dec. 15
Coptic (China and Japan Deo. 13
Mackinaw Seattle Dec. 15
Empire Coos Bay Dec. 13
Del Xorte....... Portland and Coos Bay. Dec. 16
Mandalay Coqullle River Dec. U
Bonlta Newport Deo. IS
Queen 9an Dlfgo Dec. IS
O. W. Elder Portland Dee. 1*
Pomona Humboldt |Dec. 17
ITmatllla Victoria & Puget Sound Dec. 18
North Fork Humboldt Dec IS
Corona Newport IDee. 19
Rainier Seattle & New Whatcom! Dec 13
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CASTRO. *tS. r.r. 17th. rear— 2 nice sunny un- '
fur, r-xirr.?; larjre yard; stable optional; cheap.
ELLIS, M72— In house of 2 people, extra lax!?* !
£>ur.Ey front suite, unfurnished or furnished:
bath ftr.d phon*; r«o other roomers.
FIFTH. :i&— 6-jlte rooms furnished, for house-
knepir.g; rer.t cheap.
GUERRERO, llfi, nr. 5uh— Sunny parlor suite
«nd kitchen, fur, for housekpg; reasonable.
HOWARD. Er A— Suite housekeeping rooms; $i
HYDE. <C?-Surny Trent alcove suite. $20: also
fror.t basement suite: yard: laundry: $15.
HYDE. «H— 3 unfurnished rooms fcx light
housekeeping; parlor floor; tun all day; also
2 furnlFhed single rooms.
MARKET, ©rr- Firth— Larce sunny front room
and kit.i-be.n. »12; 2 email, te. Call 2t2 Kearny.
OAK. 11? — 1 tosay basemen; room; dry; fur-
r.ihh^d for housekeeping; stove; yard; $1.
OTAHriELI-s tat— Nicely furnished sunny al-
NINTH 1*3— Bunny Rita of reocis with use of J
fcttefcen and dir.inc room. \
VALENCIA. IDS; — Larte eunny alcove room; I
r»« ar.d bath; furnighefl: light housekeeping. I
AX NESS. iVi— S connecting well-furn. eunny
_roon-.s; tuus. :xrd; ne. wir, private entrance,
CLA^SIUHD advpr:.»m»n!j «nd subscription*
receiver at Call branch office. 2*00 Fillm>>r* «t.
A EP.ANCII crfice for Call advertisements and
Euh-vrir.iicr.s has been ejtablished at IMS
\ altncia it.
RO °MS TO LET Fnrn. and Infnrn.
A— BRVNSWICK House, 148 Sixth-Rooms
to Ji per r.!cht; Jl 25 to V, jxr w«k, and light j
house n»fp.r.g; open ail night.
BARTIJTIT. «14 — 3 sunny connecting unfur-
r.-.thed rooms, with slr.k ar.d bath.
HI" KNLTT. h:» Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
r..sl.ed rms.. fcuites, single; also unfurnished.
BCSH. t2h (The K1IO— Nicely furnished sunny
J^«^day..ric up: wk. Jl 50 up. Mrs. P. Ranft.
CLARA. H1A— Bunny fror.t room, furnished, j
for 1 or 2 pentlemen; tl ZS per week.
CL.AJU. l£« ! i — Sunny front room. furnlehe-i. i
for 1 cr 2 Bentiemen.
I'LIFFORi,. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason-Elesantly i
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
I'ELL. 110 — Two newly furnished rooms; private
family; rent reasonable.
CEABT.4C3 <The Nnvarre)-E!ess.ntly furnished |
rrr.f; euites or single: travelers accommodated. |
GRAND eoCTHEKN. southeast corner Seventh I
end Mission tts. — Funny rooms, en suite or I
f'.r.gle; iadies' parlor, reading-room; elevator. I
LAS PALMAS. 1^20 Market st.-Su!te cf 2 or 3
rms.: private; bath: s'.n. rms.; board cptlonal. j
I-. E^^ IP place. IS — F % t2ririFhed an*l unfurnished
ri'mf to let; tirgle or en suite.
MARKET. 10OA— Nicely furnished sunny
rooms; suites or *ir.*1e; very reasonable.
MINNA. «S7. comer Eighth— New furnished
bay-window room. II per week; transient.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market St.— Nicely
furr.ished rooir.n. %2 a week up: 3.tc a day up. ;
NINTH, n— Nicely furnished sunny room; run- I
r.lr.B water. j
OTARRELL. 1^-Fur.r.y furnished rooms and
offlre?: elevator; electric lights; day, wk.. mo.
BOTAL House. 126 Kllis st. — Incandescent light:
r»i»<!!r-g-rooni. pmoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; room!-, r-er ni(?ht, 35c to $1 50; week. {2 to
$?: month. J^ to $3'; elevator on irround floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
K'^EDALE Hnutf. 319 and 321 Ellis St.— Itoom«. ]
night 25<- to fl. week SI IE to $4: open night. '
FHEHMAN Apartment House. 2S Eighth St.. j
r^sr Market— Furnished or unfurnished. :
Fl'TTER. 1«".:ia— Nice bay-window parlor and
be<5ronm sfl Joining; rent reasonable.
THE FTANFORD. 31"0'i gutter— House changed
hands ar.d renovated: Fir.gle rooms, 18 per
month: elites $12 to CS: all sunny.
CLAF^IFIEI^ advertisements and subscriptions
received at ("all branch otflce. 2200 Fillmore et.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
rabKripttont has been established at 1C*S
Valencia Ft.
ROOMS AND DOARD.
SELECT family hotel; new interior; three spe-
cial dinners weekiy; rates to establish. $01
OV.fcrr.:a ft.
POARD and rooms at 415 First St., near Har-
rl«on.
BOOHS AND DOARD WASTED.
WANTKn — Board and room Jn E2nirlish-speak- j
in* family Jar foreign gentleman. Box 733, ;
Chi! office,
II'jOM for two your.g ladies; board for one; i
one a student: other employed; must b« rea- ',
r.-.;iar.>. Box 717.. Call offi'-e. I
SPECIAL NOTICES.
LADIES- r-viich^ter Kncrlirh Pennyroyal Pills
an> the best: «u'e. reliable ; take nn other;
s-rn<1 «<- ftampf fur particulars; "Kelief for
Ladies" in letter by return mail; at dniR-
jriets. Colchester Chemical Ci.. Philadel., Pa,
'TV* >MS papered from J3 up; plaster repaired
.-:,¦•. l.-akp. 315> Third et.
HAD tenants ejected fnr 14: rollectirihs made;
city or country. J'ACIFI' ', COLLECTION CO.,
41T. M^rtcomery Ft., moms i-H; tel. ESSQ.
. s l:\vixo machines and sipplies.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plair.beck. 1H5 Mission, nr. lith.
ALL kinds boupht. Fold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairir.g lowest rates; open even. 203 Fourth.
BOL'GHT, sfild, rented, repaired; needles and
BhtittW: reduced ratei= 145 Cth: phone Mint 3.
STORAGE AM) WAREHOl'SES.
r.KKINR Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission St.;
t*L Main :M'>; fhirrlr.S at cut rates.
WIL£ON IjIKjS.. ttorace and movinc: covered
¦BOS. lentli »rd Varket: phone SfjUth 762.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARCAIK8 IN TV P1JWRITERS— AVe.
(veil hotter n:af-hlneii for less money than any
housf? in the city; rer.tals. $3. The Typewriter
Kxchangp. EJt California; telephone Main 266.
Al/'AV- banralni !n typewriters; any maJre.
Write r.r i>ri<vs f> I* & M. ALEXANDER.
118 M' r.:^-.rr.e;-)- st.
nivinn>n notices.
PIVIDEXD NOTICE!— IHvldend No. 86 <I3 cents
nr fhcret >•'. th» Hutchin^on Kug-ar I'lantri-
V.'z. c-->rnpsr.y will b<» payable at the offlVe
<: the commajr, !27 Market st.. on and after
T^u••scay Decerr.t'»r 20, 150^. Transfer books
wiil clo«e m Ftiday, ivcember 14, 1S00. at 3
o'clock p. m. E. H. FHKLDON. secretary.
LTviDEND notice— Dividend No. II (twenty-
f.ve cents per share) of the Kllauea 6uj:ar
Plantation Corr.par.y will be payable at the
e:fii-e of the compar.y, 3:7 Market St., on and
»rter SATURDAY. December 15. 1900. Trans-
fer bocks closed on Saturday, December 8.
1SCT. at 12 o'clock m.
n. II. SHELDON. Secretary.
rilOI'OSALS.
rhoPOSALB for muslin— Depot Quartermas-
ter's Office, li New Montgomery St., Saa Fran-
cisco. Cal., December 2, 1S00— Sealed propo-
sals. In triplicate, will be received at this of-
fice until II o'clock a. m., Friday, December
]4 1V09, and then opened, for furnishing 27,500
yards rr.uslin. Preference will be given to ar-
ticles of domestic production and manufac-
ture, conditions of price and quality being
*-ijual (including In tiie price of foreign pro-
duction and menufecture the duty thereon),
and such preference will be given to articles
rf American production and manufacture pro-
duced en the Pacific Coast, to the extent of
the consumption required by the public senr-
l<?e there. The United States reserves the
riRht to accept or reject any or all proposals
cr any part thereof. Information and blanks
for proposals will be furnished on application.
Envelopes containing proposals will be in-
dorr^d' "Proposals No. 10143" and addressed
10 MAJOIi OSCAR F. LONO. Quartermaster,
XT p. Vii!».. Depot Quartermaster.
jIAItEIAGE LICENSES.
TT.e following marriage licenses were issued
Jr»r.n B. Channey, S«, Bpokane, •Wash., and
Laura Rulir.g. 2«. city.
reward H. Duncan. 23. Oakland, and Mar-
guerite P. Carpenter, 20. Oakland.
<,.>t«vc II. Crxjueurnlot, 41. i33 Harrison
nrret. and Pauline Crozade, 22. 39SO Eighteenth
rr«Vr.artJ H. Rohde. 84, AS East street, anl
Ivulu Waithoyr. ?<!. 443^ Third street.
n-jrinald A. n~lwood. U. Oakland, and Lil-
ian I. Cornell. 23. city. _ . __„
L. William Ixrker, i\ city, and Emilie "Wil-
l.*Im, 2G. city. _ ,
Theodore F. Kellbar, 21. Murphya, Cal., and
Uarni* T. Sciacaiuga. 18. Vallecito. Cal.
T>^uls A. Irvine^. 38, Ir\lne. CaL, and Katie
/ . Thomaii, "4, Ftot-kton. ,
~EIRTHS— MARBIA&ES— DEATHS."
Hirth. marrlsge and death notices sent by j
mull wiil not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
inrtorrfed 1 mlth the /uinif and residence of j>er- .
v rons authorized to have the earne published.
- ¦
BOEN.
XrMlJ— In this city, December 10. 1900. to tbe
wife of Paul Kumli. a <!aurhter.
W.FING— In this city, December 10. 1300, to tbe
wile cf V.'illiara J. Resinc. a eon.
DIED.
Abel. Halvor C. Lombardi. Herbert O.
Attwood. Frank McBowen. Samuel
Bariclevich. Mirtin McCarthy. Daniel J.
Best. Isabella Mannlnjr. Willie J.
Brown. William B. Miller. Charles W.
Fava, Ameado Pease, George F.
Gargan. Catherine Pedrett, John
Hackward, William Pfaeffle. Dorothy M.
Hundrup, Jens P. Rodriges. Peter
Jahn. Georce Ruppert. Joseph F.
Johansson. Julia Bcholes. Arthur L.
Keane, Marram Temple. Jennette C.
Leonl. John Wallace, Mary J.
Lester, Richard T. West. Sarah
ABEI^-In this city. December 11. 1900, Halvor
C. Abel, beloved father of Mrs. A_ C. Madison
and the late George A. Abel, a native ot
Laurvig. Norway, aged £3 years and 19
months.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his !at«-
residence, 712A Fell street, thenc« to the
Church of the Advent. Eleventh street, near
Market, where funeral services will be held,
commencing: at 2 o'clock. Interment I. O. O.
F\ Cemetery.
ATTWOOD— In this city, December 10, 1300,
Frank Attwood, a native of England, aged C5
ytars.
CXFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Oate Undertaking; Com-
pany. 2425 Miwion street, near Twenty-first.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by car-
riage.
BA-KICIEYICII— In this city. I>eoember 10.
1900. Martin Barfclevich. beloved uncle of
Mrs. O. T. Koch and Mrs. A. M. Hungerford,
a native of Austria, aged 47 years.
C7"FrlendB and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
( Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from Druids"
Hall, «l3*Sutter Btreet, under the auspices of
the Austrian Benevolent Society, thence to
St. Mf.ry's Cathedral, where services will be
held at 2 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery- Remains at the parlors of th«
Henry J. Ga Hasher Undertaking Company,
2» Fifth street.
Bfc^T— In Alameda, December 1L 1300. Isabella,
wife of John Best, and mother of Rachel 11.
liest.
IET Funeral services will bo held at Christ
Episcopal Church, corner Grand etreet and
Santa Clara avenue, this day (Thursday).
at :0:30 o'clock. Please emit flowers.
BROWN— Entered into rest, in this city, D»-
c-nibor 11. 1900. William Guttace Browm
father of Mrs. Charles H. Wood, agwi 76
at chapel. Odd Fellows' Ceme-
tery, this day (Thursday), at 2 o'clock.
CALLAHAN— In this city. December 12, 1900.
Frank W.. beloved husband of Mary A. Cal-
lahan. and father of Mrt=. Joseph F. Hotter
and Sadie, Nellie and Webster Callahan, a
native of Boston, Macs., aged 47 years 9
months and 7 days. A member of Damon
Lodge No. 2, K. of P., and Valley Lodge No.
20. A. O. U. TV.
FW-V — A month's mind mass will b« cela-
brnted at St. Paul's Church, Twenty-ninth
and Church streets, to-morrow (Friday), at
S o'clock, in memory of the death of Ameado
Fava.
GARGAN— In this city. December 11. 1900,
Catherine, beloved wife of the late M. Gar-
gan. and mother of Mrs. J. F. Ring, Mrs. M.
G. Buckley, Mrs. William Deeney and The-
resa ar.d Edward Gargan. a native of County
Meath. Ireland, aged 63 years.
E7The funeral will take place this day
(Thursday), at S:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. S224 Twenty-second street, thence
to St. James Church, where a re<juiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
eoul. commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
HACKWARD— In this city, December 10, 1900,
William, beloved brother of John Hackward,
a native of England, aged 50 years 7 months
and 10 daj°s.
iryFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
at 11 o'clock, from th» mortuary
chapel of the Golden date Undertaking Com-
pany, "42a Mission street, near Twenty-first.
Interment Cj press Lawn Cemetery, by car-
riage.
Hl'SDRL'P- In this city. December 12, 1900,
Jens Peter, beloved husband of Bothilda M.
Hundrup, and father of John P. and Bar-
bara Hundrup. a native of Denmark, aged 66
years 6 months and 2 days.
JAH.V— In this city. r>eceniber 12. 1900, Georg-e
Jahn. beloved husband of Bertha Jahn. father
of Max Jahn. and brother of Mrs. A. Papen-
fuss, a native of Rugenwalde. Hinter Pom-
mem. Germany, aped 43 years 7 months and
12 days. A member of Eureka Lodgre No. 6,
O. d. H. E.
E7Friend» and acquaints nces are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Saturday.
December 15. at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Ii. P. Petersen & Co.. 228 McAllister
street thence to 510 Bush street, where fu-
neral services will be held under the auspices
of Kureka I>vlg«* No. 6. O. d. H. S-. com-
mencing at 2 o'clock. Cremation I. O. O. t .
Cemetery. Please omit flowers
JOUAX88E3f—in this city. December 12. 1900.
Julia, beloved wlf<» of Johanes Johanssen. a
native of California, aged CD years S month*
and 14 days.
KKANE-In thte city. December 10. 1500. Mar-
garet Keane. beloved mother of Mrs. J. F.
fonnolly. Mir. James Loveit and James J.,
Martin 8. and the late John J. Keane. a na-
tive r,f County Clare. Ireland, asefl Sj years.
(TT Friends and acquaintances arc respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
reyiUor.rej 270 Ninth street, thence to St. Jo-
wiih'p church, mhere a solemn requiem mass
will be cPifbrated for the repose of h»r soul.
comrtum-ir.E at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
LEONI— In this city. December 12. 150n. John,
beloved ton of John and Julia Leoni. and
brother of Angelo I>eoni, a native of San
Francisco, azed 15 years.
LESTER-In this city. December 12, 1300, Rich-
ard Thomas, beloved son of John and Mary
]>>fter. and loving brother of Mary and Annie
Lester ami the late William and Cecelia Les-
ter, a native of Prairie du Chien. AVis., aged
37 vear.« 4 months and 10 days.
LOMRARDI-In this city. December 12. 1WO,
Herbert Orin Lnrr.hardi. belovM son of Mr.
and Mr?. F. Lombardi. and brother of M"r-
can, Krr.st and Lottie Lombard!, a native of
San Francisco, aged 9 months and 20 days.
Crrrlfndu and acquaintances are respect-
fully lnvite<i to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 10 o - clo<-k. from the residence
cf hip parents, 719 Broadway.
M«-BO\YEN— In this city. December 11. lSW,
Famuel, beloved husband of Grace McBowen,
anl father of Mrs. L. J. Hartwell and Rob-
ert A. McBowen. a native of Newark. N. J.
[?:?¦ Funeral fnvm his late residence, "010
Harrison Ftre»*. this day (Thursday), at 10:30
o'clock. Interment private.
MCCARTHY— In thi? city. December 12, 19C0, at
his residence. 1139 Guerrero street. Daniel Jo-
pej'h, b»loveU Bon of Catherine C. and the late
IXTii? McCarthy, a native of San Francisco.
CT'Notlce' of "funeral hereafter.
MANNING— In this city. December 12, 1W0.
Villie J.. b-loved son of Jeremiah and Mary
M.anr.ine, brother of James Manning, and
nerihew of Man.-. Patrick and James Man-
ning and Mrs. John Vantresth. a native of
San Francisco, aged 4 years 1 month and 20
days.
j7"Fr'.ends and acquaintances are respect-
fully inviifd to atfnd the funeral to-morrow
• Friday), at If o'clock, from the residence of
the parents. r.2>i Converse street, between
Hryant and Harrivon. Eighth and Ninth. In-
tpnirnt Hoi* Cross Cemetery.
MILLER— In. Oakland. December 12. 1900. at 253
Thirteenth street. Charles Waugrh. beloved
son of Mr. and Mrs. Georse lliller. and
brother of Mrs. J. C. Hill and Frank, Ella.
Harry ar.d Marlon Miller, a native of Oak-
land. Cal.. a«ed 25 years 6 months and 21
days.
IcyFrleni!* and acquaintance* are respect-
fully invited to attend ttie funeral services
to-morrow (Friday), at 10:30 o'clock, at his
late residence. 253 Thirteenth street, Oakland.
Interment rrivate.
N1CHOL— In this city. December 11. 1900. Jen-
nie, beloved wife of John H. Nlchol. a native
of Tennessee, aged 42 year*. -.
PEASE— In this city. December 11. 1S00. Oorge
F. Pease, beloved father of Mrs. Mary E.
Hillyer and Charles D. Pease, and brother of
Mrs. Eusan B. Holbs of Nantucket and Wil-
liam C. Pease of San Francisco, a native of
Nantueket, Maes., aged 70 years and 9
months.
CyFriends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Thursday), at 2
o'clock, from the residence of William C.
Peaye. S13 Lombard street.
PEDItETT— In this city, December 12. 1900,
John Ppdrett, a native of Andeer. Canton
Oricor.F. Switzerland, airerl 29 years.
tnyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the. funeral to-morrow
? Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. P. Crodea.ii, 30S Montgomery avenue. In-
termecit Laurel Hill Cemetery.
PFAEFFLE— In this city. December 11. 19O.
Dorothy Maria. Infant daughter of Henry O,
on<l Alice M. Pfaeffle. a native of San Fran-
< isro. aged 1 yea' i months and 11 days.
CT'Tlie f;meral vrlll take place thin day
(Thursday), at 11 o'rlork. frim the residence
of her parents, 1E3S Market street. Interment
CyureFs Uwn Cemetery.
HODRIGES— In this city. December 11. 1900,
Peter Rodrises, dearly beloved son of Mrs.
Maria Rodrices, a native of La Paz, Lower
California, need 25 years i months and 10
days.
(Tyrviendu and arquaintances are respect-
fully in\-lte<l to attend the runeral thin day
i Thursday ), at 1:30 o'clock, from hln late rwtl-
Acrrf. 12'*6 llason street, and thence to Ma-
sonic . Temple, eorwr Post and Montgomery
nrp^t! 1 . where the funeral services will b«
lirld under the auspices of Doric Uodjfe No.
21fi. F. and A. M.. commencing at 2 o'clock.
Interment Masonic Cemetery.
IUTPPEIIT— In this city. December IS. 1900, at
the residence of his parents. 1192 Treat ave-
nue, Joseph Frederick Ruppert, dearly be-
HENRY' J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successor to Flannaean & Gallagher)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN*. Mgr.
FUNERAL. DlRECTOltS AND EMBALMER3.
20 Fiftn , «t., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone ' South SO.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
Tl and 29 Fifth Et. Tel. South 167.
IDNEEAL DIRECTORS AND EXBALKEB3.
Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates.
MARRIED.
COIXI— MTCHELSEX— In Amsterdam. Decem-
ber 5, 1S00. Mosieur Jacques Coinl and Fannie
Franclsca Mlchelsen.
(CTFrlends and acaualntances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Friday), at 11 o'clock, at her late
residence. 116 Webster street, between Waller
and Haigrht. Interment private. Masonic
Cemetery.
loved eon of Charles and Annie Ruppert. and
beloved brother of Maria A. Ruppert. a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 4 months and 16
days.
SCHOLES— In this city. -December 12. 1900. Ar-
thur Lorenzo Scholes, beloved son of Arthur
and Sarah K. Scholes. a native of San Fran-
cisco, aced 5 months and 3 days.
TEMPLE— In Lorln. South Berkeley, Decem-
ber 10. 1900, Jennette C, youngest daughter
of the late Isaac and Jane. Temple, and be-
loved Bister of Mrs. Henry Schiller and Fan-
nie B. and Broderlck I. Temple, a native of
San Francisco, aged 35 years 11 months and
12 days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to 'attend the funeral services
this day (Thursday), at 10:30 o'clock, at
her late residence, 1643 Felton street. Lorin,
South Berkeley. Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery, Ban Francisco.
"WALLACE— In this city. December 12. WOO,
Mary J. Wallace, beloved wife of James Wal-
lace, and mother of John E.. Matthew and
Abbina Wallace, a native of County Louth,
Ireland, aged 52 years and 7 months.
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at S:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. B. Godeau, S05 Montgomery avenue, thence
to St. Brigld's Church, where a requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing: at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
WEST— In this city. December 12. 1900, Sarah,
beloved wife of L. D. West, mother of Ear-
nest "West, daughter of Mrs. L. Huyck. and
sister of Mrs. E. McKlnney and Mrs. J.
Thomson of Cleveland, Ohio, a native of Ban-
tor, Butte County. Cal.
Ladies' Yuletide
Handkerchiefs
Our asssortment of ladies' handkerchiefs for the holi-
day trade, surpasses all previous efforts ; the values are
the best ever offered in San Francisco, owing to the fact
that these goods have been imported by us direct from
Europe.
Embroidered handkerchiefs with hemmed, scalloped or
lace edges, from I2}4c to $1.50 each.
. Pure linen hemstitched handkerchiefs from I2j£c to
75c each.
Pure linen hemstitched, hand embroidered initialed
handkerchiefs, from 15c to 75c each.
Linen centers for making lace handkerchiefs, seven
and nine inches square, at 15c, 25c and 59c each.
French hand embroidered, hemstitched linen handker-
chiefs from $1.75 to $4.75 each. /
Real lace handkerchiefs made of Duchess, Valenciennes
and point lace from $1.25 to $40.00 each.
Children's Handkerchiefs
Colored bordered lawn handkerchiefs for children at
15c a box containing three.
Colored bordered initialed lawn handkerchiefs for chil-
dren, a good quality at 25c a box containing three.
A handsome handkerchief box will be furnished upon
request with all handkerchiefs purchased here.
Um br el las
Our collection of noverty handles in ladies' and men's
umbrellas is perfect, comprising gun metal, gold, silver,
pearl and Dresden; all oin umbrellas have paragon
frames, covered with good heavy silk or gloria, guaranteed
for the season.
Initials engraved free on all handles.
Feather Boas
We suggest as a desirable Christmas gift one of our
ostrich feather boas, which are made from 5 carefully
selected ostrich plumes in gray, natural, white and black
mixed and all black, the,prices ranging from $10.00 to
$35.00 each according to size and length of the boa.
The store will remain open Saturday evening Decem-
ber 15th until fo o'clock.
Write for our new illustrated catalogue.
129 Kearny StreetCHICAGO. Dec. 12.— By a decision of
Judges Tuley, Dunne and Waterman of
the Circuit Court, to-day, section 1 of the
anti-trust law of Illinois, which defines
what constitutes a trust or combination
in restraint of trade, ls declared unconsti
tutional.
Other sections of the law, and especially
those which compel corporations to file
affidavits annually with the Secretary ot
State that they are in no way connected
with trusts or illegal combinations, and
providing for a fine of $50 In case of re
fusal to file such affidavit, are sustained
by the court Cases against over S00 Il
linois corporations which have refused to
file affidavits with the Secretary of State
are affected by to-day's decision of the
court. The court in rendering its decision
overruled the demurrers of the defendants
and hold the anti-trust laws valid in the
point at issue.
The decision of the court in respect to
section 1, however, is regarded by the at
torneys for the defense as a distinct vic
tory for the corporations and is looked
upon as nullifying the anti-trust law of
the State in its most vital part.
Tax Suits Instituted.
Suit was filed yesterday by the city and
county against Wells, Fargo & Co.'s
Bank to recover $61,513 53 taxes due
and unpaid on an assessment of J3.6S7.S3S
levied against the bank. A similar suit
against the London and San Francisco
Bank, Limited, to recover a tax of
$26,659 63 on an assessment of $1.59S,300 was
also instituted by the city and county.
The Bank of California, on the other
hand, has sued the city to recover $12.
1S7 76, paid under protest in liquidation of
the tax levied on the plaintiffs franchise
Judges Tuley, Eunne and
Waterman Render a
Decision.
ANTI-TRUST LAW
FOUND FAULTY
Old Mission Resident Injured.
John Helsslng of 38S4 Mission street.
•who for many years has maintained a
place on the Mission road opposite' old
St. Mary's College, was found lying In an
unconscious condition at the corner of
Ninth and Market streets last night by
Policeman M. Cooney. He was B ent to
# .Reiving Hospital, where it was
round that he had suffered a compound
fracture of the nose, besides lacerated
wounds of the forehead and a possible
t Hf e i °f th t 8kuI1 - For Bome da ya
past Relsslng has been drinking. Under
Hft 1 ?" 1 / n be tem Por&r»y r«vived and
Mid he fell on the etreet.
Come Along.
Do not delay. This week the greatest
shoe bargains In the world. You can wear
good and stylish shoes by buying them
right in the right place. $3 shoes for men
and women to-morrow for fl 35 a pair at
the assismee shoe sale of the Boston, 775
Market street, near Fourth. •
There ls no headache in Jesse Moore whiskey.
That's because It ls pure.
Mrs. Emma Pickering, the youngr wife
who fired a shot at her husband at 126
Sixth street Tuesday night, appeared be
fore Judge Cabaniss yesterday. Her hus
band was in court and refused 'to . swear
to a complaint against her, as he said he
was to blame for having attempted to
throw her downstairs. The Judge dis
missed the case.
The case of William Walker, the Lob
Police Court Notes.
The feast of Our I^ady of Guadalupe,
the patron saint of Mexico, was celebrat
ed yesterday with great pomp of ceremo
nial and splendid service in the Spanish
Catholic Church on Broadway. The sa
cred edifice was crowded to the doors,
the entire Latin colonv of the city as
sembling to do honor to the day. The
high altars were ablaae with candles ajul
magnificent adornments of glass and all
ver and gold. Countless flowers em
bellished the high altars and the side
shrines.
The service was that of solemn high
mass, celebrated by Few Father Casinl;
deacon, Rev. - Father Serda: sub-deacon,
Rev. Father Sousa; master of ceremonies.
Rev. Father Piperni. The sermon was
preached by Rev. Father James Vllodo
mat, who delivered an eloquent discourse
on the Virgin, who. he declared, ls not
alone the patron saint of Mexico but the
protector of the world.
The music was of exceptional excel- :
lence and was under the direction of the
following choir: Director Arrillage. Miss
N. Flynn, Miss A. Acosta, Miss N.
O'Rourke, Dr. Bonini, G. Wanrell, Miss
Y. Perez, Miss A. Abniego, Miss Domln
euez, Miss Andrade, Miss Diaz, Messrs.
Meagher, Ortera, F. Perez, H. Garcia and
H. Rubanick. " : v
Impressive Ceremonies in the Span
ish Catholic Church in Tribute
to Mexico's Patron Saint.
HONORING THE FEAST OF
OUR LADY OF GUADALUPE
reform advocate and preacher of physical
culture for women, ls at the Palace. She
is to lecture in Oakland to-day, and Sat
urday she will speak before the Califor
nia Press Club on "Knowledge, Which is
Power." Mrs. Miller has only recently
returned from abroad, where she spent
three years.
"I have done talking about dress re
form these six years, said Mrs. Miller
last evening. "I gave the public the bene
fit of my ideas when they were new, and
I am pleased to note that some women, at
least, are sensible enough to follow them.
I don't care , to. pose as a reformer, how
ever. I detest that name. Some people
seem to think that woman is capable of
having but a single idea. They Imagine
all I talk about* is shirt waists and loose
fitting jackets. On- the contrary, I sel
dom discuss these subjects now, . prefer
ring to speak on questions that are new
and which will be helpful to womankind.
"It is for the proper physical develop
ment of the female sex that I am putting
forth my energies now."
Former Weil-Known Dress Reform
Advocate to Talk Physical
Culture to Women.
Mrs. Jenness Miller, at one time a dress
JENKTESS MILLER HERE
ON A LECTURING TOT7B
The question of preserving the forests
of the State will be brought before the
next Legislature by the California Club.
There will be no appropriation asked for,
and no request will be made that the
State provide new offices for any one. The
only request will be that the State
through its legislators indorse the move
ment, and with that indorsement the
club will carry the matter to Congress,
where the real work will have to be done.
It is hoped by those in charge of the mat
ter that the Indorsement of the Legis
lature can be obtained soon enough to al
low of the matter being brought before
the present Congress.
In anticipation of the request for in
dorsement Mrs. Lovell White, president of
the California Club, has sent out circulars
to every part of the State setting forth
the Ideas of the club in the form of a
resolution and asking for signatures. So
far signatures which represent £5,000
voters have been received and more are
constantly coming in. The circular sent
cut is as follows:
Germany hi. ten million acres of forests
Browing upon lands unflt for other purposes
which yield an icnnual revenue of {23.000 000
Forest farming in Belgium Insures an income
of $10 on acre to the State treasury.
Bavaria ls celebrated for her money produc
lnr forests.
Whereas, Th« United States owns in CaJlfor-
OBTAINED MONEY FOR >>
BROTHER IN DISTRESS
William F. Hessell Arrested for an
Alleged Deception Practiced on
Charles Potts.
"William F. Hessell, who claims to be
from Temple, Tex., was arrested last
night on a charge of obtaining money
by false pr*.. ses. Charles Potts was
the complaining witness.
Hessell, who is well-dressed and shows
credentials as a member of the Ancient
Order of United Workmen, went to Potts
last night and obtained $2 from him on
the plea that a brother Workman was in
distress at 925 Geary street. Potts fol
lowed him and it developed that there
was no one in distress at that number.
Hessell claims to be an Elk also and
refuses to offer any explanation of his
conduct. He says he Is a life insurance
agent, but declines to give the name of
his company.
nia elffht millions of acres of forest reserves:
whereas, more timber Is destroyed in the State
every year through forest fires than is needed
for live years of economic use; whereas, roads
Fhould be constructed and maintained that the
forests of enormous value may be accessible
r>nd may be protected from forest fires; where
«is. the services of trained foresters are needed
that only trees ripe for the ax may be cut,
thus introducing a system of forestry suc
cessfully used In European countries; whereas,
the inauguration of forestry as an Income-pro
ducing industry would give employment to hun
dreds of men. notably to soldiers honorably
discharged from the Government service;
whereas, oven a portion of the millions of acres
of Government reserves under a system of for
estry would yield a revenue sufficient In amount
annually to purchase all the groves of sequoias
(giant trees nowhere else existing in the world)
now owned by private parties; be It
Resolved, That in view of these Incontest
able facts. th<» California Club beeoeches the
United States Government on behalf of her own
Interests to make an appropriation of money
to be expended in the accomplishment of th«
objects named In the above preamble, and the
club urpes on all citizens, all organizations
and legislators, both State and national, to Join
in commending- and furthering this course of
action. MRS. LOVEL.L WHITE. President.
The Idea in the foregoing circular, or
perhaps ¦'-the preamble and resolution
themselves, will be presented to the Leg
islature, perhaps in the form of a bill,
perhaps in the form of a Joint resolution,
and all that will be asked is that the in
dcrsement be given in the way in which
it car. be best understood and carry most
force.
Committee of Seven Chosen to Nom-
UNION LEAGUE CLUB TO
HOLD ANNUAL ELECTION
inate Ticket — Organization in a
Prosperous Condition.
The annual election for officers of the
Union League Club will take place Jan
uary 8, 1901. Tuesday evening there was a
large meeting of members to select a
nominating committee of seven.
The following members were chosen by
ballot to nominate the regular ticket: J.
B. Fuller, W. C. Van Fleet. Tirey I*
Ford, C. H. Garoutte. William Sexton. A.
P. Williams and Colonel William McDon
ald.
The club members adopted resolutions
of respect to the memory of Colonel John
P. Jackson.
Unexampled prosperity has attended the
unicn League Club during the past year
The membership as well as the Income of
the institution has been largely increased
The historic flag which signifies that
San Francisco ls the banner Republican
County of California is to be preserved
in a handsome wooden case with glasa
doors. Figures of the official majority
which the city gave for President McKin
ley are displayed on a streamer attached
to the banner.
THEY WILL ASK FOR THE
APPROVAL OF THE STATE
Ladies of the California Club Anxious to
Secure From the Legislature Recog
nition for Forestry. .
The recounting of the ballots in the con
test instituted in behalf of Judge William
R. Daingerfield of the election of Thomas
F. Graham to the Superior bench began
yesterday before Judge Murasky. Dur
ing the day the ballots of the First Pre
cinct of the Twenty-eighth Assembly Dis
trict were counted, and at the close Daln
perfield had made a net gain of three
votes. Dainperfield lost three votes and
Graham lost six. making the total as
statt-d.
When the case was called for hearing
the court confirmed the appointment or
James L. Holland to the position of tally
clerk. Fred R. Butz caller. Ray Gallagher
assistant tally clerk and James W. Wag
ner assistant caller, the last two named
to serve without compensation. Judge
Murasky decided that only the votes cast
for the parties to the contest should be
counted, thus preventing other Superior
Judgrship fights from being gone into.
J. H. Zemansky cf the Registrar's of
fice testified to the official figures of the
Board of Election Commissioners. The
counting of ballots then began.
dahtgebfuxd makes
gain of three votes
First Day's Counting in Election
Contest Before Judge Murasky
Goes Against Graham.
"California" is the title of a weekly
journai devoted to the Native Sons and
Daughters of xhe Golden West, the Pio
neers and the varied interests and indus
tries of the State. The initial number will
appear January 5. l&Jt. Merton C. Allen,
a well-known journalist, will be its edi
tor. It will be a sixteen-page weekly, re
fierting every phase of activity in the
business and industrial life of California.
A New Weekly Publication.
Buy your imported and domestic silver
at Geo. R. Moss & Co., 145 Stockton st. •
Christopher Kirk has bten given Judg
tnont by a jury in Judge Murasky's court
against the J. S. Klmball Steamship Com
pany for $6000. The company agreed to
land Kirk at Dawson for $150. but instead
put him ashore at St. Michael. Besides
his= bafrjraRe. he claims he Iopt 6000 hours'
work at Nome at $1 per hour.
Makes Wages Without Working.
closed. The burglar had evidently started
to search that first, and when he heard
Adele coming up the stairs he emptied the
ring box into his hand and closed the cas
ket before he tried to hide himself. It
was evidently his intention to get under
the bed, but there were too many boxes
there, and he, could do no more than
crouch into a corner. It was found, too,
that he had taken a diamond ring belong
ing to Adele and also two ladles' watches.
The description of the burglar given by
Adele shows him to be a tall man young
and clean shaven, with a derby hat and
dark clothes, and a soft shirt. The child
was as cool as a veteran, and took a good
look at the man "while she had the chance.
The rings stolen included one diamond
solitaire, a turquoise set with diamonds,
a diamond marquise, an emerald and dia
mond and a ruby and diamond, all valua
ble rings, besides a small ring of coral and
a small diamond ring belonging to Adele.
The police are hopeful of getting back all
the rings and also the watches, as all
can be easily recognized.
Mrs. Steinman and Mrs. Donau are very
proud of the courage shown by the little
girl, and they ere glad she had presence
of mind enough to keep still, when to cry
out might have brought harm to her.
Angeles saloon-keeper charged with as
sault to murder for stabbing Mllo Wald
ron of the Majestic saloon in the Lee
palmer House, was called before Judge
Mogan yesterday. Waldron said he would
not prosecute the case, and it was dis
missed.
John Murphy, ex-fireman, who was shot
by Herman Bishop at 14 McAllister street
during a dispute about Mamie Bigelow.
refused to swear to a complaint against
Bishop yesterday, and Judge Mogan dis
missed the case.
Judge Cabaniss heard the case yester
day of Rudolph Mess, tailor. SS3 Halght
street, charged with attempting to mur
der his partner, S. Rosenthal, last Sun
day morning, and dismissed It, as Mess
was able:to prove an alibi.
TEX- YEAR-OLD ADELE STEINMAN, WHO DISCOVERED THE BURG- j
LAR. AND WAS THREATENED WITH DEATH IF SHE TOLD HE
WAS IN THE HOUSE.
you do I'll shoot you," and he reached
for his back pocket.
"I won't say anything," said the child,
and the man turned and started for the
back stairs. She had a good look at him
while he was leaving 1 the room, and she
says she will know him again if she sees
him.
As soon as the burglar left Adele ran
through the dressing room and told her
aunt and her grandmother that there was
a man in the house. Mrs. Donau at once
went down into the basement to call the
two Japanese servants, but she believes
the man was out of the house long before
she got down stairs. The family was not
sure, however, that the man had gone, so
one of the ladies went over to a grocery
on the corner and telephoned for the po
lice. In a few minutes three policemen
arrived, and they searched the house
thoroughly but found no trace of the bur
glar.
It was at first thought by Mrs. Donau and
Mrs. Steinman that the man had been
surprised by the child before he could lay
his hands on anything of value, but soon
Mrs. Steinman missed several of her
rings, which she had placed In a little
ring box that was kept in a Jewel casket.
The casket was on her bureau and was
! a DARING burglar entered the res-
J\ idence of Simon Donau, at 1452
| X^\ Franklin street, Tuesday after-
A j\ noon and succeeded In getting
away with $S00 worth of Jewelry.
| The robbery was committed under clr
! cumstances that prove the burglar to be a
i man of exceptional nerve.
The parlor was filled with guests, the
i servants were in their rooms downstairs,
one of the children was taking a music
lesson in the back parlor and Mrs. Donau,
j her unmarried daughter and one of her
grandchildren were in a room on the sec
end floor when the burglar entered the
house and made his way upstairs to one
of the bedrooms. He was discovered by
Adele Steinman, a child of 10 v and, after
warning her to pay nothing about his
presence, he quickly made his way down
stairs again and got away.
The house is one of a row on the east
side of Franklin street, between Suttor
and Bush. Fern avenue cuts the block in
two from east to west, and from Fern
avenue to Bush a narrow alley runs be
hind all the houses of the row. The back
gate leading from 1452 into the alley
was open, and it is believed that the bur
glar entered through it. It was through
that gate he got away. The house is oc
cupied by the family of Mr. Donau, in
cluding his daughter, Mrs. Steinman, and
her children.
Little Adele had Just come home from
school, and. as was her custom, she went
bounding up the stairs to her mother's
room, which opens from the upper hall
lust at the head of the stairway. The
bed ls to the right of the door, and, as
the child entered she saw the top of a
derby hat in between the bed and the
wall. She thought it was an expressman
who was trying to shove some heavy
package under the bed, so she made no
remark, and started for a door leading
Into a dressing room that connects with
the front room where her aunt and her
grandmother were sitting. She had
reached the door when the man rose from
where he was crouching and came threat
eningly toward her.
"Don't say a word about me," he said,
warningly, shaking his finger at her. "If
W. Z. BROWN IS CAI.LED
TO THE GEEAT BEYOND
Funeral Takes Place To-Day and
Body Will Be Cremated, at De
sire of Deceased.
William E. Brown, vice president of the
Crncker-Woolworth Xationai Bank, died
suddenly last Tuesday night of heart dis
ease at the home of his son-in-law,
Charles II. Wood, 2016 California stre"et.
Deceased ¦was in his usual grood health
vntil about 6 o'clock of the night that he
cied, when he was stricken with a chill.
He was carried upstairs and placed In
b<-d. but he passed quietly away about
;•:.¦¦ .
l>ecea?ed was a native of Massachusetts
E-tid 76 year? of age. He came to Cali
fornia in 1K-1 and after engaging in vari
ous enterprises became private secretary
to Governor Lcland Stanford. He later
vas taken into the Central Pacific Rail
way and subsequently was promoted to
the secretaryship of the Contract and Fi
nance Company. He was one of the
original directors of the Southern Pa
ciiic Company, representing the Crocker
ir.terest until 1S?2.
In his private life Mr. Brown made
many friends. He was a man of gen
tTous Impulse. His pet charity was a
home for working girls. The deceased
banker leaves a daughter. Mrs. Charles
Wood, who will probably inherit the bulk
of his estate.
The funeral takes place to-day from the
California-street residence. Services will
t>e conducted by the Rev. Dr. Clampett
at the chapel in the Odd Fellows' Cem
etery, and the remains will be cremated
in accordance with the lifetime desire of
the deceased.
WOMAN CAUSES
LUCAS' ARREST
Private Detective Accused
of Impersonating an
Officer.
Miss Lizzie Clarkson, a Minister's
Daughter, Formerly of Topaka,
Gives Public a Peek at the
Family Skeleton.
A. L. Lucas, a private detective, was
arrested yesterday on a warrant sworn
out by Miss Lizzie Clarkson. who charges
him with impersonating an officer of the
law. The arrest of Lucas has been the
means of exposing a full-fledged family
skeleton that ought to be securely locked
away in a closet of Rev. J. F. Clarkson's
home in Topeka, Kan.
Miss Clarkson claims that Lucas came
to the home of Mrs. Warner, with whom
she is stopping at 2020 Folsom street, and
explaining that he had far more author
ity than an officer in regulation uniform,
demanded that she come to his office at
906 Market street. Obeying Lucas' com
mands, Miss Clarkson said she went to
the detective's office, where he put to her
many Insulting questions.
Lucas denies the charges lodged against
him, and says that he never represented
to Miss Clarkson that he was an officer
of the law.
•M was employed," he said, "by Miss
Clarkson's family, who wish her to re
turn to her home in Topeka. Her two
sisters, Mrs. Mabel Ackerman and Miss
Lillian Clarkson, are at present in this
citj, the object of their visit being to try
and see if tney could not get their sister
to return to her family.
*tL i famll y claims that the Warners
exercise an undue Influence over her and
nave induced her to follow them from
lopeka to Ottawa, from there to Denver
anu from Denver to this city. A man
i.amed Perry Flattery, who is a member
t the , Var ner household, figures in the
objections entered by the gin's relatives.
t . , , e ,, char^ es made by the family of
Lizzie Clarkson there is mention of hyp
notism, charms and an evil talisman,
Mrs. A\ arner, who has been the girl's con
stant companion for the past five years,
they claim, exercises an hypnotic ¦ influ
h"r e -m^ 1 " heI " and ls holdin S her against
Miss Clarkson scarcely looks like a
woman whom any one might detain
against her will. She ls very positive in
ail the statements she makes, and fore
most among these statements ls the one
that she will not return to her people.
"lhey never treated me kindly," she
said, "especially my mother. She always
mistreated me and always singled me out
to vent her displeasure upon. She ac
cused me of all sorts of terrible things
and acted in such an unnatural way that
1 decided to leave my home forever, ilrs.
Warner has been extremely kind to me,
and has always treated me as a member
of her family."
In speaking of her family. Miss Clark
son declared that she had no love for any
of them; that they had no love for her
and that she never would return to them.
As to Flattery, Miss Clarkson is extreme
ly indignant at the way her family has
chosen to link their names.
"I have been engaged to Mr. Flattery,"
she said, "for nearly two years. At pres
efc£ he is ill and cannot work, but Just
as soon as he gets back to work we shall
be married."
Mrs. Warner, who has been accused of
hypnotizing the girl from Kansas, is-wild
ly Indignant at the way the members of
the Clarkson family have treated her.
"The idea that I have hypnotized Lizzie
Is preposterous," she said last night. "I
was sorry for her and I tried to do all
I could for her. Her family has also said
that I am a spiritualist, but that is false.
I am a Catholic in good standing with my
church, and no one can say one word
i against my character."
The peculiar part about all this family
row is that Miss Clarkson is 28 years old
and has been away from home for more
than five years, during which time mother
and sisters have never made any attempt
to get her to return home. Now they are
prepared to try every means that law
may give them to induce her to do so.
"Have I fallen heir to a vast estate that
they are so anxious to have me?" That
is the question Miss Clarkson is asking.
TOPEKA. Kan., Dec. 12.— (Special.)—
Lizzie Clarkson's father. Rev. J. F. Clark
son, is a resident of this city. He has not
been actively engaged in ministerial work
for a number of years. He is about 65
years of age. and supports himself and
his family on the income from a small
book and stationery business which he
conducts here. He absolutely refused to
be interviewed to-night on the subject of
the trouble between his daughters In San
Francisco. Mrs. Clarkson, the mother of
the daughters, would say but little on
the subject. She said she thought her
daughters already had enough notoriety
as a result of their quarrel. She claimed
that a woman with whom Lizzie has been
friendly since she went to San Francisco
is the instigator of the trouble. She re
fused to give this woman's name, but said
that Bhe would be properly punished be
fore the trouble was settled. Mrs. Clark
son said that the claim made by Lizzie
that her sisters were persecuting her is
absolutely false, as would be proven by
later developments in the affair. She said
that her daughters had always lived hap
pily together while at home, and was
very sorry that the present trouble had
developed.
The rejection of sir civil service clerks
by Auditor Wells on Tuesday last resulted
yesterday in a corcession to that official
by the Civil Service Commission. The
commission, after an investigation, con
sented to the Auditor appointing three
clerks of his own selection. Seven will be
lumished irom the civil service list.
Mayor Fhelan took a hand in the con
trovtrsy had a conference with the
commission after it had paic 1 . a visit to
the Audiu-r. His Honor objected to al-
Jowirsg the Auditor Jive clerks of his own
s-ek-cuon. lie intimated that if. Wells
should Insist on naming: rive men, he
would use the power vested in him by the
charter to remove any official he consid
ers derelict.
When the Mayor learned that the Audit
or would accept the concession of throe
clerks, he took another tack as retaliation
for what he regards as another attack
en the charter's civil service clause by its
enemies. He expressed his determination,
to recommend next year a reduction of
four in the number of regular clerks al
lowed to the Auditor In the last tax bud-
Seven Only Will Coxae From Eligible
List— Mayor to Retaliate by
Cutting Down Wells'
Force.
Civil Service Board Allows
Him to Choose Three
Clerks.
AUDITOR PARTLY
WINS HIS POINT
Little Adele Steinman Surprises a Thief Who Comes After Jewelry— He
Enters the House While There Wei$ People in Nearly Every Room
and Makes His Way Upstairs Without Being Heard or Seen.
FINDS A BURGLAR HIDING BEHIND
THE BED IN HER MOTHER'S ROOM
THE SAU FBAKCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 13, 1900.
12
1212-1214 MARKET ST.,
Bet. Taybr and Joce3.
Offering in
Women's \T^^«
Muslin f^f /5%\
Underwear. WmSfik
Night Gowns, mWx%M
Made of best mus- ML ¦ . mf If
lln. sailor collar, H'ii \ % VM
yoke of wide em- J|' Ii , JMB
broidery; collar and r m S%%C\WV
sleeves trl m m e d <jt, r"ifctflW!'
with torchon lace— «' /lE r c\i[7RlW
on sale at . '/] \ *\l ) M\;>J \
NIGHT GOWNS— Made of best muslin:
bretelles, collar and cuffs trimmed with
good embroidery, and inserted
embroidery yoke. On sale at.. C Ow
NIGHT GOWNS— Made of best cambric;
several styles: trimmed with Irish point
embroidery, linen and Valenciennes
laces — your choice of six styles — AQ/>
some worth $1.75 «7O*»'
Women's Hemstitched Drawers,
Umbrella effect ; made of best O A /-»
muslin — on sale at.; JZi^KJ
Women's Drawers,
Made of best cambric, trimmed with tor-
chon lace and Insertion— 41.25 7K»
quality — on sale at * Ov
Women's Jersey
Flannel knee-length underskirts, APZr*
solid colors — on sale at TOw
Thompson's •£§$£'&
Military T^l&i
Corset, 4 Sy
Straight front, j" V *nl
same style aa pic- \
ture— $1.50 quality— rr^ S&K
all sizes — on sale at y $$\ \
Our Holiday. |j^^ I
Handkerchief \ S&ilif 1 1»
sale is • a
Now On. Ww I /%
We're offering tome \dfll \\ \\
extraordinary big" Yv'f \JL B I
bargains In this I / \SW 1 1
department. , ~.\ «V
Horns fflven away free to all children ac-
companied with parents.
MAIL ORDERS RECEIVED.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
T|«»« Premiums FVap
WITH
Teas, Coffees,
Spices, Extracts,
Soda, Baking Powder
Good Time and Place to Buy
t Come Just to See
Great Americas Iiprtiiiff Tea Go.
CITY STORES.
210 Grant Ave., bot. Post and Sutter*
861 Market St., opp. Powell.
140 Sixth St. 1419 Polk St.
112 Third St. 1819 Dovlsadero St.
146 Ninth St. 2OOS Fillmoro St.
8006 Sixteenth St. C21 Montgomery An
2516 Mission St. 3288 Mission St.
! 705 Larkln St. 2732 24th St.
BBS Hayes St. 47O Hal£ht St.
62 Market St.
OAKLAND STORES.
1O83 Washington St 1237 Broadway.
1185 23rd Ave. 616 E. I2th St.
1510 Seventh St.
ALAMEDA— 136S Park St.
SANRAFAEL-BSt.. near Fourth.
I^__* 30 Days Only, 1
I^H20°/°
on ( Ah "Plates, -Oowna and M
_.„, Bridfcework. S3
! Fillings, 50c Crowns, $3.50 S
Plates, $5.00 Full Set |
CHICAGO DENTAL PARLORS, I
24 Sixth Street. I
T^~K' L * K: $ WN AND RKWABLE OLD
ttlHiS \ r>?' W^ rnlllHl ,} v «tne». Imi>«trnce and their
ffw rt f™- Hoolc on »««««"» of Men. fr«>e.
?il% i?iL e fyX'*. x^ c "^- TPrm<l reasonable. Hour*.
tationfreeandsacredly confidential. Call or address
_•¦,*•, KOKCOK JleXlTI/TY. 31. D.
ac>, Uearny ist, S«n Francisco, Csl.
HOLIDAY SPECIALS!
Thursday-Fplday-Saturday.
r™^ BEEN PARTICULARLT
CRYSTALLIZED GINGER, Ib I5c
Regularly 20c. f
PECANS, mammoth, Ib 15c
Fancy Texas Pecan Xuta.
Extra large. Regularly 20c.
APRICOTS, 2 lbs 25c
H-0 OATMEAL, 2 p!cgs 25c
The great breakfast food.
Regularly 15c a package.
SICILY LEMONS, doz 15c
The very choicest. Regularly 23c
WHISKEY, bet 75c, 3 bots S2.00
Bou^^rirJdV gallon S3.00
CHERRIES IN MARASCHINO,
D. & G. brand of Imported L M 1 pn«
French cherries. Reg. 70c. QOl OUC
RIPE OLIVES, qtjar 40c
Extra fancy Cal. ripe olive*.
Finest In the State.
HUMBOLDT CIGARS, each — 10c
Alexander Humboldt-Spartanaa.
Regularly 2 for 25c.
All the popular brands of 5c Cigara 7 tit 23c
OPEN EVHNINCS.
39 STOCKTON ST., near Market.
Telephone, Main 6523.
|\ * SPECIAL PRICES ON
\ COBBLE-SEAT ROCKERS.
¦» Big. substantial and eajy. in ma-/
1\ hogany finish 93.ti3\
|/ A carload received last Saturday. /
\ THE J. NOONAN ,
t FURNITURE COMPANY, Inc.. '
Mi 1017-1023 MISSION STREET(
|( Phone South U. Abova 6th, Saa Frudseo. i
The "DANN" RECLINING CHAIR
A Handsome Christmas i^^^r
Easy and Comfortable. if^^^sJ
Price $15. Come and see it.
IV. A. SCHROCK,
19 New Alontgomery Street.
*3 43 el rr*l ps fill <L_Sll
; ••; Hale'a. | Hale's. __
fans for gifts. U P ™ e chimney to toydom. |
/£M2>~-*v holiday sales fn every department I
I /&iZ?f A *'*2&g2L to-day.
/ <^ B^^^^i>^KViv itoM «pea mry 6TtnIa K sain Chrtatm**.
A* c-M\ \ Jt^k^jzs books and games. <
$'fc$)^Mfih??$2& Santa Claun say 8 the best assort- 'ji
jj ?JsIT ~^^ tound at Male s blji store. I
>Jf Board covered books — "Playmates, **
Practical, attractive, elerant. And "<*" of c^n:" " L " Ue People 1 * pur. \
this besides-they are marked at prices r0 °™ Stories and other titles- I
that rebuke the exorbitant profits 10 ° •'
tisually asked for this class of goods. x» . •• ..<£n e< i J**>ks— "Puss in
Kmpire feather fans in white, cream £S?, ta : x, S11 \? r L ? C *?; , •¦Cinderella."
and blue— also hand-decorated gauze TI % \i?.' er ?°w e and LltUe Re <» Hiding | •
fans-either style 8r»c H «*l r««* •:¦•:•• V"":.™/ 1Oc ,'
Hand-painted and spangled white 1 „?"?? a b °£ k ?^ nistc^ of the ' ;
gauze fans. with Ivory sticks- £ I V 1 ted »«»••_* 2 S Amertcaa
|^ acn »l^iO Sailor Afloat —each JSBe
Spangled" " and " hand-painted" gauze Linen books-4Hx6», Inches— hand- !
fans, with highly polished carved Ivory fomely llluatrated-a dozen or more
sticks— each . . 81.75 titles — each «5 C
Spangled. 'hand-paVnted"and" lace- Improved game of "Parlor Oolf'- >
trimmed fans, with carved Ivory or ea £ n •; "i"i"*: ."^ *1.4J>
white enameled sticks-each. S1.2S ft^ j
OStriCh Claus Stories" and others— each.. 1 5c |
, /p. Board covered books — "Peter Simple," !
ja&K DOaS "Last of tb..? Mohicans." "Robinson '
/ re^?5 «/i/uo. Crusoe" and "Reynard and the Wolf— c '
ntCStScV? Made of carefully each '. 23o ' '
WSS5J'"£?>^ selected lone, glossy Games — "J-iJljr Tar=." '¦Ste^rle'-Vias- " :
SfiSSBrfay)'' feathers— black, white, "Lmirnmer Boy'" and others— wor'h loc '
' I IQ&jSK gray ° r natural - each— our pri-e ii) c
SsSgs^v Black ostrich "Little Cowboy" game — each 23c
'C5&»»J-*\ feather boas — 36 inches
*l»iiirap "Black o^ gr^y os^ " Sfcoon nnCQr
J JJPG****?-^ trich feather boas — 51
cee Inches long; each. Market street, near Sixth, opp.
[(^ W-M to «2<> Golden Gate avenue. !
• g>A if 1 1 -•
;> MJSAllAji t
Instruments 1
Courtois Band Instruments, g
Grouped on the wall and bus-
penaed from hooks are the va- *
t rlous instruments, which are eas- '
ily taken down and examined. A A
visit to the Band Instrument U
3 rooms Is very interesting— all are 7
Invited, especially musicians and
bandmen.
Sherman. Clay & Co. are also
dealers in these celebrated makes
pf Band Instruments— Marbeau
Mahillon and Thibouville.
For accommodation to their
band friends. Sherman. Clay &
Co. manufacture, repair and plate
Band Instruments of every de-
scription. The prices are the low-
est, consistent with the material
pi used and the time required for
| the work.
3 Band Instruments are sugges-
I tlve cf Christmas giving to in-
i terested people.
3 Ma.il orders carefully filled.
i "Write or call for Band Instru-
iment catalogue.
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.
STEIN WAY PIANO DEALERS.
Cor. Kearny End Butter ««., 6. F.
Cor. 12th and Broadway, Oakland.
Cor. Park and Washington, PortUat.
711 Second ave. Se*Ula.