"The frauds in the Third District were
too flagrant to stand an honest investiga
tion, and in many places in the Eighth
District Democratic challengers were
sworn In as deputy Sheriffs and wore
badges in the booths. In the Seventh Dis
trict over 400 Republican voters in the
city of Lexington were* deprived of votes
by the delay tactics practiced by the
Democratic officers, while the Franklin
County and Owen County returns were
padded so bodly that it cannot escape the
notice of any one acquainted with those
counties.
"There are also extensive reports of
frauds in Lawrence, Rowan, Nicholas and
Mason counties In the Ninth District, with
great efforts to Increase those frauds In
the final count. The Commissioners of
Lawrence County attempted to throw out
the vote of the precinct of Charley on a
trivial technicality. It gave the Republi
can candidate 127 majority. In a number
of counties the Commissioners refused to
allow any inspection of the work of elec
tion officers by representatives of the Re
publican party. Reports of fraud, of five
to ten votes to a precinct are so numerous
that the Inference cannot be escaped that
it was systematically planned beforehand.
"In many Democratic strongholds the
Democrats are said to have failed to com
ply with the provisions of bill No. 19. In
every such Instance this committee has
instructed the representatives of the~Re
publican party to make no technical ob
jections if they believed the votes to be
legally cast and counted. There ' is no
question that, if the face of the returns
fall to show Yerkes' election, we can
make specific exposures that will show
that he has been defeated, not by a ma
jority of the voters of Kentucky, but of
tne fraudulent use of the advantage given
the Democratic party by the Goebel elec
tion law." ' ... "i ;'',_:/:'¦'*
LEXINGTON, Ky., Nov. 9.— It is cur
rently reported here that the Republican
managers are in communication with Fed
eral officials with a view of having an in
vestigation of the election in the State
so far as the Electors and Congressmen
are concerned. It is stated that this would
Indirectly have some effect on the claims
for Governor. ¦ The only State office voted
for this year was that of Governor, to fill
the vacancy caused by the death of Wil
liam Goebel. The other State officers hold
over under the contests settled In the
courts last spring. It }b stated that the
investigation -will be made for contests In
two or three Congressional districts and
that it will be extended into certain
counties not in the contested districts.
Republican managers have already com
municated with National Chairman Han
na regarding the situation.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Nov. 9.— Leslie
Combs, chairman of the Republican Cam
paign Committee, to-night made the fol
lowing statement concerning the Ken
tucky, election:
"We have discovered great frauds per
petrated by the Democrats in various sec
tions of the State. In Breathitt County
frauds amounting to over 400 votes in fa
vor of the Democrats have been discov
ered. In one precinct In that county the
Democrats refused to allow the Republi
can inspectors Inside of tho booth, and, the
precinct, which usually goes Republican
by a majority of 58, was carried by the
Democrats by 30. In another precinct in
the same county the Republican chal
lengers were put out of the booth by
force and the Inspectors were refused ad
mittance. In another precinct the returns
showed that only fifty-five Republicans
voted, yet there are 140 who gave their
names and are willing to make affidavit
that they voted the Republican ticket
straight. The Republicans usually carry
that precinct, and this year It went Demo
cratic by 150. Other frauds in Breathitt
County indicate that we lost over 400
votes.
"Numerous and flagrant frauds have
been discovered In Logan County— frauds
that permeated the entire vote. In Olm
stead Precinct the returns showed that
only eighty Republicans voted, yet we
havo positive Information that 135 was the
actual number, | and other, frauds In the
county will amount to fully 400 votes. The
entire Third District Is permeated with
the Goebel ' methods. Republican voters
who were challenged were not allowed to
make affidavit and were rejected by direc
tion of the Democratic sheriffs. Democrats
challenged by the Republicans were al-
KENTUCKY THE SCENE
OF WHOLESALE FRAUD
Republican Managers to Cause Federal
Investigation of Democratic Steals.
will be settled in the courts. .
The crew ~<St~ the* vessel. - owing 1 to the
long voyage, which occupied ten days
longer than that of the average tramp
steamer, had very little to eat during the
last few days of the trip. When the llfe-
Eaving crew boarded her. all their store
rooms contained was coffee and "hard
tack." The first trip ashore of the boats
from the Golden Gate Park station the
keeper sent to town for 125 pounds of
fresh meat and other edibles for the half
famished sailors. -
bury admitted^ that the trend of recent
events has almost put an end to tha hopes
or the Russian Emperor and others who
took part In the peace conference at The
Hague.
Gives Due "Warning.
His extraordinary speech closed with a
fervid appeal to the people of England
to maintain their defenses in such a per
fect condition that '"we shall not be ex
posed to any sudden interruption of the
peace upon which our prosperity de
pends."
"The supreme condition," exclaimed the
Premier. "Is that no reform, no improve
ment, is of the slightest vaiue uniess se
curity against external interrerence is ob
tained by putting our defenses in t>uch a
position that no accident may happen be
yond our borders that shall make our se
curity doubtful."
The majority of Lord Salisbury's hear
ers believed that this warning, which was
delivered in his most impressive manner,
referred to the possibility of French an
tagonism.
Mr. Choate's speech consisted chiefly of
a humorous sketch of the history ot
Downing street, which he said was named
after a Massachusetts boy. In conclusion
he expressed his belief that "so long aa
Lord Salisbury and McKinley continue to
hold the reins of government there wiii
be no danger of any disturbance of the
honorable and friendly relations now ex
isting between the United States ana
Great Britain."
Other Speeches Made.
George J. Goschen, the retiring First
Secretary of the Admiralty, who used tha
occasion for a dramatic farewell to public
life, bespoke the support and confidence
of the British people for his successor,
the Earl of Selborne.
Other speakers were Lord George Ham
ilton, Secretary of State for India; Baron
Halsbury. Lord High Chancellor; Lord
Alverstone. Lord Chief Justice; Chariea
Thompson Ritchie, the newly appointed
Home Secretary, and Sir Robert Banna
tyne Finlay. Attorney General.
Lord Salisbury, winding up the proceed
ings, proposed the health of the new Lori
Mayor, saying that some of the younger
men present "will live to see the day
when members of Parliament from the
Orange and Transvaal colonies will be
present on such an occasion."
The enormous crowd was dotted with
brilliant state, military and municipal uri.
forms. with which were intermingled in
a wonderful mass of moving color tn-i
wigs and robes of all the great judge-.,
the court costumes of the members of tha
Cabinet, the scarlet of the regulars ar.a
the khaki of the imperial volunteer*.
A dance followed the banquet and con
tinued to a late hour in the shadows of
the grim statues of Pitt. Nelson and
Wellington.
Among the celebrities present were Sir
Francis Jeune, president of the tribute,
divorce and admiralty division of the Su
preme Court of Judicature; William ist.
John Broderick, the newly appointed Sec
retary of State for War; Sir Thomas Lip
ton, the Maharajah of Kapurthala, in
full regalia, and all the available civil
and national dignitaries, who were her
alded with a series of trumpet fanfares
that would have done credit to feudal
days.
CHOATE PRAISED BY PRESS.
Relieved Seriousness "Which Threat-
ened to Become Too Marked.
LONDON, Nov. 10.— The Standard and
Dally Telegraph dilate editorially upon
the Importance of Mr. Choate's assur
ances regarding Anglo-Saxon amity at the
Guildhall banquet last night. The Daily
Telegraph thinks the American Embaa
sador's tone was quite significant and re
gards his glowing eulogy of Lord Salis
bury as perhaps the most remarkable
feature of the banquet.
The Times says: "A Guildhall audi
ence always looks to the American Em
bassador to contribute to the enjoyment
of the evening, and it very rarely looks In
vain.. Mr. Choate fully maintained tha
reputation established by his predecessor.
He managed to relieve a seriousness
which threatened to become too marked
for a convivial occasion by turning aside
into the paths of politics.
"Lord Salisbury ventured upon the par
donable irregularity of expressing the uni
versal feeling of this country regarding
the Presidential election. Had its issue
been different, we should not have aban
doned our faith in the ability of the Amer
ican people to avert many of the evil re
sults that might have been inferred 'from
Mr. Bryan's electoral speeches; but since.
things turned out so happily, there Is no
Indiscretion in expressing our satisfaction
at the striking triumph of political com
mon sense and commercial honor."
The Times, like the other morning pa
pers, is evidently not altogether pleased
with Lord Salisbury's lukewarmness on
the subject of army reforms.
LONDON. Nov. 9.— What is prob
ably the most brilliant of all
functions in England— the Lord
Mayor's banquet— took place
this evening. It will be memor
able even to Americans, by reason of the
following utterance of Lord Salisbury,
who. in the presence of 900 guests, includ
ing United States Embassador Choate.
the members of the British Cabinet and
many of the leading men of England,
spoke as follows of the American elec
tion:
"We believe that the cause which has
won is the cause of civilization and com
mercial honor. We believe those princi
ples to be at the root of all prosperity and
all progress in the world. Therefore we
claim that we have as much right to re
joice in what has taken place as the dis
tinguished gentleman (referring to Mr.
Choate) who sits at my Bide."
This was followed by loud and pro
longed cheers, which made the gold plate
on the oaken shelves* shiver and the great
rafters of the Guildhall ring and ring
again.
Lord Salisbury's incursion into the na
tional politics of the United States was
preceded by an apology, in the course of
which he said:
"Of the current circumstances which
gratified me most during the past year one
has been the hearty feeling displayed be
tween this country and the United States.
I hope Mr. Choate will forgive me if there
is any irregularity in my expression. It
Is quite wrong for a Secretary of State
to make any observations with respect to
the international politics of another coun
try, but I am soon to give up my office.
and in view of this abandonment which
is close at hand, I hope Mr. Choate will
forgive me for expressing the supreme
satisfaction with which all of us have
heard of what has recently taken place in
the United States."
Mr. .Choate Replies.
Mr. Choate, replying a few minutes
later to the toast of the diplomatic corps,
declared that Lord Salisbury had stated
with such truth, simplicity and earnest
ness the result of the election that he
(Choate) would not attempt to add to it,
although he would venture to congratu
late the noble Lord upon the fact that his
remarks had been made after instead of
before the election. (Laughter.)
Except in its references to the United
States, the speech of the Premier cast an
extraordinary gloom over the gorgeous
banquet.
Following directly after the colonel com
manding the City Imperial " Volunteers,
Lord Salisbury startled his hearers, who
caught the drift of his remarks, by satir
izing the war fever, although praising the
courage of the soldiers, and declaring that
the passionate admiration of military
valor evinced by the populace must pro
duce a change of attitude on the part of
the outside world when viewing English
character.
Causes Tears to Be Shed.
Then, with lowered voice and almost
trembling accent, he went on to speak
of the price of victory and the ravages
of death, dealing especially with the
Queen's bereavement In the loss of
Prince Christian Victor. Finally, with
bent head and hands clasped, he uttered
a hope, almost a prayer, that Lord Rob
erts might be spared the sorrow now
banging over him by reason of the criti
cal condition of his daughter. Tears
sprang to the eyes of women and men
moved uncomfortably in their seats. The
silence and solemnity grew oppressive.
Awakening from self-abstraction the
Premier reviewed the events of the last
twelve months. Mr. Kruger and the Em
press of China, he went on to say, had
forced war upon Great Britain. He main
tained that the British War Office de
served great credit for the way in which
it had handled these emergencies.
"Despite nebulous and factitious attacks
we should be glad to improve all the de
fects of the War Office," he continued,
"and our utmost efforts will be devoted
to that task, but I should rather depre
cate any unnecessary examination into
what has occurred. You will not add to
the enthusiasm of your troops by doing
Anglo-German Compact.
He dilated upon the strengthened ties
between the mother country and colonies
during the present year and poked fun at
the delay consequent upon the European
concert when dealing with China. It was
not appropriate for him, he declared, to
comment upon negotiations while in
progress, but he said he . would make an
exception in the Anglo-German compact.
"This," he remarked, "represents the
feelings of most If not all the powers
allied. It is impossible to lay too
much emphasis upon ¦ the integrity of
China and the 'open door," and I think
it a matter of great advantage that the
powers should have expressed themselves
In favor of these federal principles., for
if they are achieved the issue of the China
problem need not concern us very anxi
ously."
He maintained ve^jr earnestly that the
Idea of Invading China with "our scanty
force" or of approaching the stupendous
task of governing China Instead of leav
ing it to be governed by the Chinese was
most dangerous.
Relapsing into pessimism, Lord Salis-
Lord Salisbury made a most remarkable speech at the Lord
Mayor's banquet last night. He said Britons claimed the right to
rejoice at the result of the American elections, and spoke so feel
ingly of the sickness of Lord Roberts' daughter that tears were
shed by many of the guests. Then the aged Premier reviewed re
cent war events, and approved in no uncertain way the policy of
maintaining ths "open door" in China.
Significant Speeeh of Salisbury
on the American Elections
and on the War Poliey.
PREMIER'S TALK
IS REMARKABLE
SHERIFF HOLDS ANDERSON
JAIL AGAINST ARMED MOB
As Result of Recent Tragedy Busi
ness Ceases and Lynching Is
Feared.
NAVASOTA, Tex.. Nov. 9.— As a result
of the tragedy of Wednesday, in which
three men were killed at Anderson, ex
citement runs high In that town. Sheriff
Garrett Scott and a few friends are hold
ing the Jail against a crowd of armed citi
zens, numbering about 100. All business
Is reported suspended at Anderson and
armed men are hurrying there from the
country. It is believed that there will be
an attempt to take Scott and his follow
ers out of jail to-night or to-morrow and
serious trouble is feared.
BRITISH SUBJECTS CHEER
NAME OF McKINLEY
President Pronounced Greatest States
man of the Age by Cape
Breton Orator.
SYDNEY, C. B., Nov. 9.— At a gath
ering of successful Liberal candidates of
Cape Breton to-night J. K. Armstrong
pronounced President McKinley the
greatest statesman of the age. Dr. Ken
dal, member-elect tor Sydney, proposed
three cheers for the great republic, after
which ¦ the compony joined In singing the
••Star-spangled Banner."
STEAM COLLIER SUNK
IN ENGLISH CHANNEL
Sole Survivor Clings Twenty-Seven
Hours to Vessel's Keel
After Collision.
LONDON. Nov. 9.— The steam collier
City of Vienna, from Swansea for Rot
terdam, sank in the channel after col
lision with an unknown vessel.
The sole survivor of the collier, a Ger
man fireman, spent twenty-seven hours
on the keel of the capsized vessel. Two
Dutch companions dropped off from ex
haustion.
PRESIDENT REPLIES TO MR.
BRYAN'S CONGRATULATIONS
Acknowledges Receipt of the Message
and Extends His Good Wishes
to the Defeated Candidate.
"WASHINGTON, Nov. 9.— President Mc-
Klnley to-day answered Mr. Bryan's mes
sage cf congratulation In the following
dispatch:
"EXECUTIVE MANSION,
"WASHINGTON, Nov. 9, 1900.
"Hon. William J. Bryan. Lincoln, Nebr:
I acknowledge with cordial thanks your
message of congratulation and extend you
my good wishes.
"WILLIAM McKINLET."
Mr. Bryan's message to the President
reached Canton after Mr. McKinley had
started for Washington and was forward
ed to him there. ,
CARELESSNESS CAUSED
EXPLOSION IN A MINE
One Man Is Killed and Five Others
Fatally Injured in Buck Moun
tain Colliery.
MAHANOY CITY, Pa.. Nov. 9.— One
man was killed, five others probably fa
tal'y injured and twenty others more or
less seriously Injured In an explosion of
gas at the Buck Mountain colliery to-day,
about two miles from here. The dead:
JAMES GRIFFITH.
Fatally Injured: Joseph Storkenaus,
Edward Gallagher. Charles Jones, Henry
O'Bright and John McGlynn.
As far as can be learned the explosion
was apparently caused by the careless
ness of Edward Gallagher. He went Into
an abandoned working with a naked
lamp, which lighted the accumulated gas.
gula riding at anchor thirty miles out.
They could find no trace of the wreck.
ST. PETERSBURG. Nov. 9.— The Novoe
Vremya says two steamers and twenty
odd sailing vessels were wrecked in the
Black Se-a during the recent storms, sev
eral foundering with their entire crews.
BOSTON. Nov. ?.— From all parts of
New England came reports of extremely
unseasonable weather and a Elorm of
surprising strength in which lightning
End hall were mixed and the wind was
almost cyclonic in its whirl and freaki
ness.
Along the coast the high course of the
tides made a disagreeable commotion and
harbor waters everywhere are covered
with flotsam and jetsam culled by the
•waves from wharf property. The storm
did not inflict such heavy loss to ship
ping and property as must have been ex
pected from its seeming violence.
The wind, being generally westward,
did not give mariners a lee shore. In
Vineyard arid Lone Island sounds, how
«vw. where there is always danger to
navigation, vessel crews were frequently
ta a trying position. One barge was lost
la the Sound, but without loss of life.
NEW YORK, Nov. 9.— A severe storm
began last night all over New York State
and continues to-day with the wind ris
ing to a gale. It is also much colder
than yesterday and In Northern New
York mow storms are reported. Through
cut the Adirondack district and in Sara
toga there was more than an inch of snow
en the ground at noon. \
On the coast the wind became so high
that the marine observer in the Sandy
Hook tower was forced to leave his post
because the building swayed so much
that he feared it would collapse. A sloop,
lying Inside Sandy Hook, dropped her
oacbor and was driven on to the beach.
All telegraph wires out of New York were
Ladly crippled by the storm.
The gale caused high tides at Coney
Island, said to be the highest ever known
there. The water extended to the old
Gravesend road, fully one mile from
Coney Island. The spray dashed high
over the strong bulkheads in front of the
Krightcn Beach Hotel, but no great dam.
age was done there. Sheepshead Bay
wes also flooded.
The wind attained its highest velocity
In this city at 1:&5 p. m.. when it blew at
the rate of seventy-two miles an hour
from the northwest.
CLEVELAND, Nov. ».— The terrific
Florin on Lake Erie continues to-day with
unabated fury. The captain of the pas
senger steamer City of Erie, which ar
rived tarly to-day from^Buffalo. reports
that he sighted the mast of a sunken ves
sel sticking out of the water about twen
ty-five miles off this port.
The tugs sent out to locate the supposed
wreck returned to the harbor to-night.
They reported finding the steamer Kali-
Damage Also Done to Shipping on the Great
Lakes and Vessels Foundered.
FIERCE GALES SWEEP
THE ATLANTIC COAST
NEW ORLEANS. Nov. 9.— Biloxi, Miss.,
situated on the sound, eighty miles from
New Orleans, was swept by a terrific fire
this morning, which destroyed upward
of one hundred bu'.lc.ngs and rendered
hundreds of people homeless. Biloxi is a
town of 7000 people, and a well-know«
summer resort for Mlssisslppians and
Louisianians and a winter resort for
northern people. It has a small fire de
partment and contains many frame build
ings, and the fire simply burned until it
had nothing further to feed on. _
The fire started shortly after midnight
in a saloon near the Louisville and Nash
ville depot, and * after destroying the
depot swept through to the beach, a dis
tance of several squares. No lives were
lost, but many of the poorer people lost
all their possessions. The Catholic
church, school and convent, two news
paper offices and several fine brick stores
were among the buildings destroyed. The
total loss is estimated at $300,000, with
$125,000 insurance.
All the Buildings in the
Resort Are Burned
and Many People
Homeless.
BILOXI LAID
IN ASHES BY
TERRIFIC FIRE
let eo and the Sea Queen and Monarch
brought the Bteamer into port, j - The cap
tain's report, as furnished to the Mer
chants' Exchange, Is as follows:
"I never saw a steamer have a closer
call." said Captain John Sllovich of the
Relief last night. "Luckily it was a dead
"On November 8 at 4 p. m. went ashore
in a dense fog about two miles south of
Cliff House. Had to jettison 100 baskets
of sugar. Steamer leaking badly, but
pumps keeping her free."
STRANDED AUSTRIAN STEAMER OLGA AS SHE APPEARED YESTERDAY MORNING AS SHE
WAS BEING DRAGGED FROM HER DANGEROUS POSITION ON THE SANDY .BEACH THREE MILES
BELOW THE CLIFF HOUSE BY THE TUGS RELIANCE, RELIEF, ALERT AND SEA QUEEN, ALL PULL
ING TOGETHER WITH TREMENDOUS POWER.
f L HE Austrian steamer Olpa. that
| went ashore Thursday afternoon
| three mile? below the Cliff
-"^- House, vras got off the beach
yesterday morning and Is now
fafe at the supnr refinery. The bic steel
tramp had H.S-Vj mats of sugar aboard and
early jnesterday morning it looked as
though her hours were numbered. The
tugs Relief. Reliance and Alert were hold-
Ing on to her. while the Monarch, Rescue
and Sea Queen were standing by.
Wh^n morning' datvned it looked as
thcugrh nothing could save the big
freighter. The engines were in a baJ
vay. the toilers had all primed and no
water was procurable. Practically the
Olga was llttie better than a derelict.
The chief engineer was powerless and not
a man aboard could raise a hand to help.
The Relief. Reliance and Alert held on
to the Olga all night and they had a hard
task preventing the stranded steamer be
irg carried further up on the beach. When
the tide rose about mMnijrht it looked as
though the heavy roller? would carry the
Olga high and dry on the beach, but the
three tugs put on all steam and held their
own. When day broke the Olga was in a
Letter position than she was at midnight.
The tug Monarch was then called into
service arid sent to the city in a hurry.
6he made straight for the transport dock
and there hired seventy-five 'longshore
rr.eri at Jl zsi hour. The men were put
aboard the etearner and ordered to Jet
tison cargo. 'When they had thrown fifty
baskets overboard the Sea Queen joined
the Relief. Reliance and Alert and began
pulling. When one hundred baskets were
overboard the order to stop work was
given as the big tramp was under way.
Slowly but surely the tugs got her on the
move and at 11:30 a. m. she was fairly
en her way to San Francisco harbor.
When oft the Heads the Epreckels' tugs
Part of Cargo Is
Jettisoned to
Save Her.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 9, 1900.
Captain Thomas Perry, 17. S. N., Naval Secretary, Washington,
D. C: I strongly urge substituting of some steamer at entrance San
Francisco harbor while lightship undergoing repairs. Two vessels
already ashore, presumably account -withdrawal lightship. At this
foggy season other accidents liable occur. Think immediate action
should be taken. GEORGE C. PERKINS, U. S. S.
Imperiled Ship
Damaged but
Little.
Hours of Toil in
the Fog Are
Rewarded. -•
SENATOR PERKINS CALLS ON
WASHINGTON TO TAKE ACTION
STRANDED STEAMER OLGA IS TORN
FROM THE GRIP OF THE OCEAN SANDS
VOLUME LXXXVIII— NO. 163.
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, v NOVEMBER 10, 1900.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
MARYSVILLE, Ohio, Nov. 9.— Judga
Melhorn this afternoon overruled the
motion for a new trial and sentenced
Rosslyn Ferrell to be electrocuted on Fri
day, March 1, for the murder of Express
Messenger Lane on August 10 last.
Sentenced to Death.
BURNED, TO DEATH .
IN WRECKED TRAIN
OFFENBACH, Hesse, Nov. 9.— Two ex-
press trains came into collision to-day be
tween this place and Frankfort on the
Main. A gas reservoir exploded, setting
fire to the 'wreckage, and seven persons
were burned to death and four Injured.
lowed to vote without making: affidavit by
the decisions of these same sheriffs. In
one precinct in the city of Bowling Green
the election officers refused to certify to
eighteen votes because there was a blur
on the ballots.- Mr. Moss will contest his
election in this district, and there is no
doubt that it will be given to him.
calm and she lay like a. baby in a cradle.
Still, tha t - cradle .vax likely u% - bo - hor
deathbed and had we not kept hold and
pulled and pulled the sand would have
silted up around her and we could never
have got her off. Aa it was it was touch
and go and once or twice during the
night I thought we would never get her
off. Maybe we didn't burn up coal dur
ing that little fight and maybe the Re
liance and Alert, also' the Rescue, Mon
arch and Sea Queen did not run some
close chances of goins aehors them
¦selves.-" • 3 •• ' !¦ •-¦ ¦ -¦ i T^" ;
The Olga came in about 2:3$ p. m. in
tow of tho Sea Queen and Monarch and
was taken direct to the sugar refinery.
There her cargo of sugar will be dis
charged in a hurry and after that the
vessel will go on the drydock for an over
hauling. She is under charter to John
Rosenfeld's Sons to carry coal from Brit
ish Columbia to San Francisco. The
chances are that the question of salvage
The San Francisco CallA Rome special says: The Italian Gov
ernment has decided to adopt serious
measures for the protection of Kmg Vic
tor Emanuel. A special section of police
Is being organized.
To Protect tho King.
The Tiir.cs this morning gives promi
nfncp to a two-column letter from Leon
ard Courtney, who represente*i the Bod
min division of Cornwall in the late Par
liament, protesting against the turning
of the farm buildings of the burghfr3 and
other harsh measures adopted against the
Boers. Referring editorially to Mr. Court
ney's argument, the Times justifies the
measures taken by Lord Roberts as neces
sary and p."» "no worse* than the means
employed by other European nations In
similar circumstances."
\/ny ausssH xvcsigns.
Thomas Wallace Russell. Unionist, who
represented South Tyrone In the late Par
liament, has resigrned the parliamentary
secretaryship of the trjcal Government
Board because Lord Salisbury declined to
adopt his scheme of compulsory land pur
chase in Ireland, a project which -would
have involved the expenditure of £120.-
IQO.COO. He announces his intention to de
vote his whole tlmf to rendering: the pres
ent land law system impossible."
Lord Mayor's Show.
The Lord Mayor's show was witnessed
to-day by large crowds. It consisted of
the usual gilt and ermine features. Al
though the crowds were "unusually dense
they were easily handled by the largs po
lice force on duty, in striking contrast to
the recent parade of the City Imperial
Volunteers. In the vicinity of Ludgate
circus ambulance wagons were held In
: readiness, but there was no serious crush.
The procession moved on through admir
ing throngs to the law courts, where the.
ancient ceremony of taking the oath was
carried out. The new and old Lord May
ors were heartily cheered. There were
no emblematical cars, but there were
mounted men clad In British uniforms In
use from 1S0O to 1S70. A model of the gun
of the British ship Powerful which was
used at the siege at Ladysmith was much
cheered, as were also mounted men rep
resenting India. Canada and Australia,
Andre Causes Discord.
A Paris special says: Discord reigns in
the Fcntalnbleau Military School In con
sequence of the disciplinary measures en
forced by General Andre, Minister of War,
for the bad treatment to which the Jewtsh
captain. Koblentz. was subjected by his
brother officers there. Two pupils have
fou?ht a duel with swords, a captain and
a professor have also met and other en
counters are Imminent.
Vote of Confidence.
From Paris comes a story saylnr the
vote of confidence in the Ministry finally
passed by the Chamber of Deputies at
yesterday's session, after th«- Chamber
had refused to vote the order of the day
In Its entirety, was adopted by 318 to 237.
Valueless Mines.
A St. Petersburg: special says: The Iron
mines discovered a year agro In the Gov
ernment of Kursk (In the south of Euro
pean Russia), for the working ot which
eighteen companies were partly estab
lished, prove to be valueless.
Tories Lose Votes.
A special from St. Johns. JT. P.. says:
The. first election returns received In the
colonial general election held yesterday
favor Mr. Reid. The Brigues district elects
Mr. Mackay. the Tory candidate, by &
majority of 64. The same district grave a
Tory majority of 515 In the last election.
Theatrical Syndicate.
A St. Petersburg special says: A new
theatrical company has been founded at
Moscow, with a capital of one million
roubles.
f Sldmouth were men whose names caa scarcely
be said to glow in history."
Lord Rosebery takes in general a view fa
vorable to Bonararf. This, be it observed, not
tecaus* th*~ liberal statesman is under any
illusion as to the learnings of a mllitarr dic
tator toward n democracy.
<"»n*> of the strongest passages In this ab
forhins volum? goes to show that Bonaparte
feared the poculace and had no "'sympatny
with liberty or it3 aspirations."
Mi-rally, nc thinks the man Napoleon not •<>
black ir he Is painte-1. 11? suggests that his
civil nr.A military character require to be
treated sepantely. each by experts, and when
all is done he will perhaps remain an enigma
of history, po^sib!y because the secret is so
complex, possibly because th<»re is none — "only
the play ami decision of destiny."
Burning Farm Buildings.
Interesting. Monograph 'by. the Former Premier. of Great Britain on
the Emperor's Life at St Helena.
FRESH LIGHT IS GIVEN HISTORY
BY ROSEBERY'S NEW "NAPOLEON"
Quarrel Ends in Murder.
FALMOUTH. Ky.. Nov. S.-Thomas
Hackett shot and killed J. Hamilton last
r.ight at Drockvllle in a quarrel over poli
tics.- . --..-. .
MAIL CLERK CAUGHT >
OPENING A- LETTER
T. J. Cunane Charged With Robbing
the United States Mails by
Inspector Bricker.
T. J. Cunane, a mail clerk at Station D,
In the ferry building, was caught by
Postofflce Inspector L. H. Bricker at 1:30
o'clock this morning In the act of cutting
open a letter containing a five-dollar gold
piece. Bricker grabbed Cunane and in
the struggle the latter managed to get to
the door and threw the money Into tho
street. He was finally subdued and
Bricker and Police Sergeant Ellis tooK
him to the Hall of Justice, where he was
booked on a charge of robbing the United
States mails.
Cunane had. been suspected of rifling let
ters and Bricker was detailed to watch
him. Cunane has been In the postofflce
four years. He is about twenty-four year-?
old.
+ Look out for the hundreds of ,+
+ laughs in the comic half-tone r t
*¦ section given free with next
V ' Sunday's Call. +
+ > , • >
United States District Judge de Hawn
yesterday ordered the sale- of the British
bark Menalope and her cargo of scran
iron, amounting to 1050 tons, tosatlsfv
the creditors of that vessel. Out of t'ie
proceeds of the ecrapiron the duties and
storage and other charges will be paid
Melanope Ordered Sold.
Apparently Unprovoked Attack Leads
• a Market-Street Crowd to Rough
ly Handle an Attorney.
Edward Shirran, formerly a clerk in the
office of the District Attorney under a
previous ¦ administration and now an at
torney with offices In the St. Ann build
ing, made a vicious j and apparently un
provoked assault, about 10 o'clock last
night, on two elderly men. John Tungate
of 856 Mission street and H. Benjamin of
511 Minna street, on Market street, near
Sixth.
Tungate was for years chief clerk In the
District Attorney's . office, and Benjamin
has been employed in various capacities
in the *city government. Both are old
friends, and were enjoying a pleasant
walk. Shirran came up the street in
company, with a female companion. "He
dropped her arm, and walking over to
Tungate struck him a blow in the face
cutting his lip and felling him to the
ground. He next turned his attention to
Benjamin and also knocked him down.
Shirran attempted to run away, but the
crowd attracted by his actions surrounded
BELLIGERENT LAWYER
ASSAILS TWO OLD MEN
Large Audience.
A minstrel and vaudeville performance
for the benefit of Sacred Heart Church
was given last night at Metropolitan Hall
to a packed house.
The programme, a long one, consisted
of a minstrel first part by the Columbian
Minstrel troupe of seventy-five well drill
ed members, among whom are a number
of exceptionally clever performers.
George Cheney officiated as Interlocutor
and Ed Krelss, Clarence Freed, Denny
Jordan, Ed Hogan, E. Lambert and Will
Brackett furnished the fun at the ends.
The songs. "Rachel Goldstein." "I Want
Ma Chickens" and "Goo Goo Eyes." were
sung respectively by Denny Jordan, Ed
Hogan and Elton Lambert.
Will Brackett entertained with original
parodies.
The second part consisted of coon spe
cialties by "Little Harold," a cello solo
by C. P. Kuss, Messrs. Weston and Men
del, talking and singing comedians: Miss
Jessie Brown in her ragtime eccentric
ities and Joe Hayes in humorous recita
tions. >
The performance concluded with a one
act farce, written especially for the occa
sion by S. L. Kerns, entitled "The Re
hearsal." •
SACHED HEART CHTJBCH
HAS SUCCESSFUL BENEFIT
A Clever Minstrel and Vaudeville
Performance Entertains a
OMAHA, Nov. 9.— Practically complete
returns on the electoral ticket and on
Governor Bhow that McKinley carried
Nebraska by about 7000 and that the Gov
ernorship Is but a few votes either way
and^will require the official returns to de
cld«5 the result. It is claimed by both
sides and the plurality will be but 100 or
200 whichever way It may go. The State
ticket will be divided, the fusionists get
ting the Lieutenant Governor, Attorney
General and Lmd Commissioner and the
Republicans the Auditor, Treasurer and
Superintendent of Instruction. The pres
ent representation in Congress will re
main undisturbed. • Stark (Fus.) is elected
in the Fourth District by 549. Robinson
(Fus.) In the Third by about 200, Neville
(Fus.) In the Sixth by 300 and Shallenber
ger In the Fifth by 1500. Burkett (R )
wins in the First by 2600 and Mercer (R )
in the Second by 1300. ' '
McKinley Carried the State by Seven
Thousand. ,
PLURALITY IN NEBRASKA.
SAN JOSE. Nov. 9.— William B. Frue.
a well-known capitalist and mining man!
died at the O'Connor Sanitarium to-dav
after a short illness. He was 31 years <»f
age and a native of New Yi.rk. A widow
survives him. Deceased had been ill but
a few days. - .
William B. Frue.
PETALUMA, Nov. It.— W. P. Hinshaw
Is dead. On the eve" of his eightieth
birthday he passed avray at his home
west of Petaluma. Mr. Hinshaw was one
of the richest men in the county, owning
several ranches in. Bloomfleld and Big
valleys valued at $75,000, and business
blocks in Petaluma worth a like sum. His
large estate is left to his widow and three
brothers. The deceased was a native of
North Carolina and came to California
and directly to Sonoma County In 1852. ¦
W. P. Hinsha-w.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 9.— Colonel Ben
jamin West Blanchard. once one" of the
most widely known railroad men In the
country, is dead at his residence here.
Colonel Blanchard was many years gen
eral traffic manager of the Erie Railroad
with quarters in New York City. Ha
was 74 years old. Interment will be at
Cambridge, Mass. : v : i
Company C, First Regiment. League of
the Cross Cadets...has arrangements well
in hand for a .grand Thanksgiving eve
entertainment, to be held at Native Sons'
Hall, Mason street, in aid of the company
uniform fund. The chief features of the
evening will be a comic operetta, entitled
"What Happened to Brown." This pro
duction is by a San Francisco composer
and Is replete with laughable and ludi
crous situations of local interest and will
be presented for the second time In this
city. Other novel features will be Intro
duced by the committee in charge. The
evening's entertainment will conclude
with dancing.
Dhe Day's JPead.i
Colonel Benjamin W. Blanchard.
Company C in Opera.
This evening the several courts of the
Independent Order of Foresters located in
this city will, under the auspices of the
Past Chief Rangers' Association, give the
first of a series of entertainments which
the order proposes to have during: the win
ter months. It will take place in Golden
Gate Hall when the following programme,
to be followed by dancing, will be pre
sented:. Overture, orchestra; address of
welcome, E. A. Mack, deputy supreme
chief ranger; selection, Columbia Quartet,
J. C. Flood first tenor, George Wallace
second tenor. James E. Donahue first
bass, J. J. Colgan second bass; Bennett
Sisters, in coon specialties; violin solo,
Henry Larsen, accompanied by William
Cellarius; specialties, John Pamplin, king
of jugglers; dainty sketch, entitled "A
Christmas Carol/; by the Grazers, Miss
Ethel Grazer, Master Arnold Grazer, Miss
Hazel Callahan.
Foresters Will Entertain..
The Bank of British Columbia of thl3
city is about to retiie under its present
title and, to. take the name of the Cana
dian Barrk of Commerce, of which it is a
branch. Notice to that effect has been
sent out to those who have been doing
business with the Bank of British Co
lumbia. The explanation given by bank
ers is that the Canadian Bank of Com
merce, which Is a very large Institution,
with headquarters at Toronto. Canada,
has several branches and it has beea
thought better to have them all under one
name instead of having an unnecessary
diverslty in different localities when there
Is only really one Institution. The move
has been contemplated for some time, but
nothing has been said about it because
there will really be no change In the busi
ness. The present Bank of British Colum
bia will go out of existence under that
title, but the local branch of the Canadian
Bank of , Commerce- will be in 'Charge of
the officers now conducting the business
here.
Notices of the contemplated change
were sent out to depositors yesterday and
they were informed rf the true signifi
cance. They were asked to continue to do
business with the Institution under the
new name. J. H. Plumber of the Canadian
Bank of Commerce has been assisting
Walter Powell, manager of the BankT of
British Columbia, to make ready for the
new conditions. The Canadian Bank of
Cbmmerce was Instituted under a royal
charter In 1862 and has grown to be power
ful. Mr. Powell confirms the news of the
change soon to take place.
Takes Title of Parent Institution in
Canada and Continues in
Business.
BANK RETIRES ONLY .
TO CHANGE ITS NAME
"The question- of good and evil Is one
that has been debated upon since the first
founding of society," said Rabbi Voor
sanger, "and society has decreed that the
standard which brings thp greatest good
Is the standard to follow."
"The eyes of the entire world," he said,
"are upon this nation. We are but in the
experimental stage of the theory that a
government of the people can be governed
by Its people, and it is but a question or
time when the entire universe will follow
our successful demonstration of that the
ory. It Is almost beyond man to conceive
what a wonderful idea it is that men
of this country are the makers of their
own, laws and possessed of equal fran
chises. The charges of bribery and cor
ruption during our elections are infinitesi
mal compared to the truth and goodness
of our people. It is Impossible to point
to a circle of a hundred men and say
there Is not one who is not above suspi
cion."
"Our public school system Is the great
est in this world, and it is due to that
fact that our people can be. educated to
govern themselves. It is not alone secu
lar but moral training that gives us the
power of self-government, for without
morality we would not last long. .
"With our Immense moral force as a
standard we can let the eyes of the world
be on us. Our example must Infect other
nations and other nations must clamor
for a government of this kind."
Rabbi Voorsanger held the attention of
a large audience last night at the Temple
Emanu-El while delivering a lecture on
"Good and Evil."
Rabbi Nieto delivered the second of his
series of lectures at the Sherith Israel
Tabernacle last night to a large congre
gation. ¦
"Government of the People and by the
People" was the subject chosen by Rabbi
Nieto and throughout his interesting re
marks he commanded the strict attention
of his audience.
"Good and Evil" the Subject of Rabbi
Voorsanger's Second of a Se
ries of Lectures at
Emanu-El.
Rabbi Nieto Predicts That
Our SystenKWM Be
come Universal.
GOVERNMENT BY
THE PEOPLE
The Portland will be the last vessel sail
ing on the return trip; She had left Nome
for Dutch Harbor for a cargo of 1000
tons of coal which she hoped to be able
\2~ r AlV uT a , 1 5" T ° me : despite the threaten
ing ice blockade a day prior to the sailing
2-1 th i" Kimba11 . wh «ch reached port
Thursday.
The Oregon left Nome October 28 for
P< jr^ C1 S rence< expecting to return and
sail for Seattle a week later. The Nome
City is expected Sunday and the Santa
Ana and Centennial about November 19
The Santa Ana. which lost two of her
propeller blades, is being: convoyed »by
one of the United States revenue cutters,
probably the Bear. The Aloha and Mc-
Culloch were at Dutch Harbor when the
Roanoke left that port.
SEATTLE. Wash., Nov. 9.— The next
ten days will doubtless witness the re
turn of the entire Nome fleet, sail and
steam. Probably before, this time the
last vessel has left the camp for Seattle.
The steamers due to arrive are the Ore
gon. Centennial, Santa Ana, Portland,
Nome City. Aloha, Bear, McCulloch and
Seward. There are about six sailing ves
sels en route. As three of the fifteen are
Government vessels, 1500 Is probably a
conservative estimate of the number of
people returning on the twelve passenger
carriers. ¦ .
Fifteen Vessels on the Way
With Over a Thousand
Passengers.
RETURN OF NOME
FLEET EXPECTED
Th«- report embraces statistics furnished
by the Universal Postal Union regarding
the post*) service of the forty-three prin
cipal countries of the world In 1S3*. It
Khoup that the United States has th«
iargpft number nf poptcftlces as well as
employes and Congo the leapt. In the pro
portion of postoflices to area and popu
lation Switzerland leads with one to
every four miles, the United States being
«-ixt*^>nth in rank. In proportion of popu
lation South Australia leads with one to
everjr 462 people, the United States rank
ing Ffventh with on*? to every fSS an<!
Congo last— one to every 2.OW.000. The
United States ranks first and Congo last
in thf number of articles of mail matter
of ail kinds re^eiv*-d by and sent to each
inhabitant. The United State?, with r
¦mice of 174.CT miles of railroad and 302.
<-.2 miles nf all other roads, ranks first
in the length of mail routes. Slam being
last. The United States also ranks first J.i
the aggregate number of miles annuallv
traveled by mails. Germany leads, with
the Vnited States fourth, in the number
of articles received anti dispatched in th»
• international mails. Hungary In parcels
received j»nd Germany in parcels dis
patched. As to postal Income Germany
ranks first. United States 'second and
Great Britain third, and in postal expen
diture the United States ranks first, Ger
many f-econd and Great' Britain third.
Groat Britain ranks first In amount of
pasta! surplus and the United States first
in amount of deficiency.
Captain Brooks says the rule under
which the mails for tians-Atlantic des
tinations were for many years assigned to
the fastest vessels available for their con
veyance had r.ot been rigidly adhered to
<iurit!g the year just closed, preference
having been eiven to vessels flying the
flag of tttf United States. The depart
ments record of the tptcd of the steamers
wh?ch carried mails for trans-Atlantic
points last year shows that 'the Kaise"
wi'.!v-lrn der Grosfe. in 153.73 hours, made
the quickest trip between .ie New York
and London pos=t offices, with the LrUcania,
159.1 lmurs. next, while La Champagne.
197.4, and La Hr^tagne. 18H.5, made the
quickest trips betweea New York an-1
FariF.
The parcel? post mails dispatched to the
United States during the year aggregated
13K13K. an increase of 2S.L2 per cent over
the previous year. The report makes a
Ftrong plea for the international parcels
poFt service. The report nyi no tidings
nave ever been received of the steamer
Livprno of Slomans Brazil line, which
f piled February 27 last from New York for
Rio d«» Janeiro with mails for Brazil.
The trant-'-Atlantic mails increased 4_J,-
M" pounds over the previous year. The
aggregate cost of the foreign mail service
craa ?2,ir.S.O33. It is estimated that $4,318.-
W4 was received by the PoFtoffice Depart-"
mom as postage on articles " exchanged
with all foreign countries.
WASHINGTON, Nov 9.— Captain N. M.
BrookF, superintendent of foreign mails.
Fays in his annual report that there were
S .325 .01 6 pounds of mail matter dispatched
by Ffa to foreign countries durin-r the last
fiscal year. Of this 5,722.433 pounds were
for trans-Atlantic desinations, almost two
end a half millions going to Great Britain.
Superintendent BrooksGives
Some Data of Much
Interest.
REPORTS ON THE
FOREIGN MAILS
It was paid yesterday that the mysterl
oue passenger was a Miss Morris before
her marriage and came of a wealthy Cali
fornia family.
After some hesitation and further ar
gument the man who had the paper got
into the cab with Mrs. Biddle and drove
away*, while the other man went back
and guarded the passenger's baggage. He
was said to be a Mr. Demarest from the
office of J. P. Morgan & Co. Mrs. Biddle
and the other man returned In about fif
teen minutes and after her baggage had
been passed drove awav in a cab, saying
Fhe was going to the Fifth-avenue Hotel.
At the hotel afterward it was said she
had not been there.
Two well dressed men now made an
entrance Into the comedy which was at
tracting bystanders.' The strangers speed
ily thickened the plot. They had been fol
lowing the woman at a distance and now
stepped up to the cab. After she had en
tered it they kept the door open and pre
vented it going on. One of them flour
ished a pi«»ce of paper in her face. It
looked like a bill or legal document.
After leaving the vessel she rushed for
the pier entrance, but was intercepted by
the Customs Inspector, to whom she ex
plained she must reach the telegraph of
fice. She was allowed to go into the tele
graph office, where, indeed, she did not
send a dispatch. When she left, she
immediately called a cab and prepared to
drive away.
The Germanic did not reach her pier
until nearly 9 o'clock. Mrs. Biddle, if that
Is her name, was one of the first passen
gers down the gang plank.
NEW YORK, Nov. 9.— Among the pas
sengers who" arrived here on the White
Star liner yesterday was a young woman
who moved in an atmosphere of mystery
and excited a great deal of attention. She
was registered on the passenger list as
"Mrs. C. Drexel," but in her custom's dec
laration gave her name as Mrs. Constance
Drexel Biddle and her address as Phila
delphia. She is thought to be the wife of
Dr. Clement Biddle, who served as sur
geon of the battleship Texas and is allied
to the old Biddle family of Philadelphia,
whose social rank is high.
Mrs. Constance Biddle at one time sued
her husband for divorce and was to have
married George Work, who died in Swit
zerland last February- It is thought the
arrival of yesterday's mysterious passen
ger on the Germanic may have had some
thing to do with a law eult.
Germanic Brings Young Lady
Passenger Whose Actions
Smack of Mystery.
STRANGE FEMALE
PUZZLES GOTHAM
Shirran was taken to the City Prison,
where two charges of battery were en
tered against him. He was in a defiant
mood, and declined to state what grudge,
if any. he had against his two defenseless
victims.
him and uttered threats against him.
Had it not been for the prompt actions of
Police Officers George Meyer, Joy and
Fraher matters would have fared hard
for the belligerent attorney.
Tungate and Benjamin were removed to
the Receiving Hospital, where It was
found that Tungate's injuries consisted
of a badly cut lip and a sprain of the
right knee. As he is well along in years,
the latter injury is serious. Benjamin,
in falling, struck the pavement and re
ceived a bad laceration of the scalp. Their
injuries were dressed by Dr. Dorr.
By swallowing the contents of three
powders Vf morphine left by her dead
husband. Mrs. Elizabeth Hillman. who re
sides at 2S*4 Page street, undertook to end
her life after having been beaten and
otherwise abused by her stepson. Emil
Hillman. who conducts a fruit store at
129 Collingwood street: Hillman visited
his stepmother's residence on Thursday
night and, as she claims, abused her in
such a manner as to cause her to seek
death rather than have him repeat th^
ill treatment. Consequently she sought
three morphine powders which had been
prescribed for her husband previous to
his death a few months ago. The con
tents of the powders she swallowed and
when found yesterday morning she was
lying on the floor of her bedroom. A phy
sician was summoned and on his advice
the woman was removed to the Receiving
Hospital, where she was treated for lauo
anum poisoning, as that was what she
was supposed to have taken; but later
during the afternoon when she recovered
sufficiently, she told the matron that Jt
was morphine she had taken.
The disheartened woman is about* fifty
five years of age. A Mrs. Drexler of IS
Page street is a relative of hers and she
corroborates the story of the stepson'?
ill treatment.
Elizabeth Hillman Tried to End Her
Sufferings by the TJse of a Drug
Left by Her Dead Husband.
BZATEN BY HEE STEPSON,
THEN SWALLOWED MORPHINE
LONDON. Nov. 9.— What will
Lord Rosebery do next? That
has been the question of inter
est since the publication by the
former Premier of his mono
graph on Napoleon's life at St. Helena.
It gives new light on history. The publica
tion of the book was one of the literary
events of the year. Concerning it Arthur
L. Humphreys says in the Daily Tele
graph:
Lord Beaconsfleld once explained to Lord
Rosebery why he wrote the drama "Count
It was produced, he said, not in the
hope of composing a great tragedy, but of
laying the literary ghost of a. story which
haunted him. ' . * , .
So it is, fays the author of "Napoleon, with
this little book. » . . . ...
L^rd Rosebery gives us a picture of that
captivity where the Emperor and his few faith
ful- companions "were perched ilk? crippled
sea birds on a tropical rock," with a succinct-
I^ord Ropebery throws responsibility for the
offensive ineptitude of the treatment of Bona
parte on the Government rather than on Ad
miral Cockbum and Sir Hudson Lowe.
"Of those successors of Pitt." he remarks,
"Liverpool. Kldon. Bathurst. Castlereagh an<J
Lord Rosebery indorses every word of this
condemnation. "If St. Helena recalls painful
memories for the French, much more poignant
are those that it excites among ourselves. It
was a misfortune to England to be represented
by rrseti who forgot the dignity of their own
natkn and isrnnred the quality of their pris
oner. A great people must not descend to pet
tiness. In the treatment of Napoleon there
was a pettiness all through."
ness and graphic realization which are the
charm of the volume. The weariness and mel
ancholy of that lonely exile are re-enacted.
Russia, Austria ami France sent commissioners
to St. Helena to "assure themselves of Bona
parte's presence." As a matter of fact, they
n«>ver, or scarcely ever, saw him.
Thf Russian Commissioner declared that
"nothing could be more absurd, more impolitic,
less generous or less delicate than the conduct
of thf> Knglish to Napoleon."
LORD ROSEBERY, FORMER PREMIER OF GREAT BRITAIN, WHOSE
BOOK ON NAPOLEON SHEDS NEW LIGHT ON EVENTS CON
NECTED WITH THE FRENCH EMPEROR AT ST. HELENA.
From Los Angeles— F. E. Beach at
Aftor; TV. F. Thomas, at Grand Union;
Mrs. F. A. Walden, at Plaza.
The following Californians are in New
York: From Sar. Francisco— Miss Dwor
srek and C. L. Ede, at St. Denis: W.
Frank, at Hoffman; Mrs. A. Larkin at
St. Denis: \V. Russell and wife, at Astor-
J. Strassburger and -wife, at Savoy Mia'
Weeland. at St. Denis; R. W. Quinla:
and J. C. Hestwood. at Imperial; C H
Holt and Mrs. D. Kline, at Holland; Dr
F. S. Topping, at Imperial; Mrs. Hender\
and Miss Whitlock, at Gilsev; N. L
Walker, at Grand.
Marcus Daly of Montana, who is -ill at
the Hotel Netherlands, was reported much
better to-day. He is said to be stronge:
than for some days past.
Visiting Califomians.
The hearing in the case of J. F. AV. and
E H. Gaynor and Benjamin D. Greene,
alleged coeonrpirators with Captain Ober
lin M. Carter, for their removal to Geor
gia for trial, was resumed to-day. Col
onel John Rutherford, formerly a con
tractor in Atlanta, was called by th* de
fense as the first witness. He was ex
cused after having been asked a number
of technical questions and the hear'ns
was adjourned until Monday.
Marcus Daly Better. .
lf\ ed to be that of Patrick Hennessey of
Hoboken, N. J., who was employed as a
porter for the Kppens. Smith & Weimar.n
< ompany. coffee dealers, and who -has,
been reported missing.
Cass of Gaynors.
A portion of a man's body was found
in the ruins of the Tarrant building to
day. The find consisted of a head, trunk,
one hand and a foot. The body is be-
Chairman Dick of tne Ohio Republican
State Committee sent the following:
"Congratulations to New York Repub
lican*. Ohio pave the largest pluralit /
ever given to any Presidential candidate!
in her history. You led the fight in that
grand contest and the Republicans of Oh'v>
thank you for your presence in our can
vass as well as for the great national
work you have performed."
Remains From Ruins.
The first sale of a. street railway fran
chise in Syracuse under the White char
ter occurred this rncrnlne. The franchise
was bought by the Syracuse and Onelda
Lake Railroad Company and brought ?1.
A rival company made no bid. It co~l
$504 to advertise the sale.
One From Chapelle.
Among: the messages received by Gov
ernor Roosevelt at his home in Oyster
Bay was one from Archbishop Chappelli
Bay was one from Archbishop Chapelle
Have wished for this splendid result."
Genera! Frederick Ellsworth Mathtr
oicd at his home in this city to-day, aged
?J years, fie was the last surviving mem
ber oi tiie orisinal fourteen who formed
the "Skull and Bones Society" of Yale
I'nivrrsity. He entered Yale "in 1*32 and
the society was formed in the same year.
Sale of a Franchise.
i White Plains and Mount Kisco.
1 Death of General Mather.
MRS. HOWARD GOULD. FORMERLY KATHERINE CLEMMONS AN
ACTRESS AND CALIFORNIA WOMAN WHO IS HEARING THE
TESTIMONY IN A SENSATIONAL SUIT AGAINST HER HUSBAND
In anticipation of a further roasting of
Gould in summing up. the crowd besieged
the doors of Justice Glegerieh's courtroom
an hour before they were opened to-<5ay.
When the bar? were let down tvtry seat
vrzh filk-d in a twinkling.. Neither Howard
<jould r.or bis wife-actress. Kaihryn Clem-
Rins, was present when court opened.
Ex-Val-et Frank Dutton Mowbray came
in early and alone. He was soon joined
1 y his aggressive counsel; Walter F. Sev
erance, who yesterday brought vivid
brushes to Mrs. Gould's cheeks by his
questions relating to her alleged use of
peroxide hair dye while she was young
<Joul<J's only female guest on his yacht
curing their courtship. Howard Gould
entered court soon after Mr. Taggait be
gan his ramming up. He v.-ore the same
gray sack tuit ar.d red necktie cs yesier
aay. He looked worried. His faff was
Slushed, and a distinct !ine of care ran
across hit forehead. His eyes drooped and
he seldom !ookr«i up. Mowbray's aggres
five lawyer started right In to follow up
yesterday'* roast.
"Who threw the first stone in this
<ase? -r he shouted. "This is the first time
I ever met this heirling of Millionaire
Gou'd. and I hope it will he the last ::me.
It was a dirty mean attack. Money is
powerful, it can do much, but it could
not Jir.d a smirch in this poor mans char
acter. It has been intimated to me that
I will be injured by taking this case.
What do I care? I "am r.oi afraid of all
The millionaires in New York. I'm not
terrified by a: I the Gou!^ htrvtrrjrs :n th«
world. No talk of bUcto»U c*n frtghtea
me. I'll do my 5w.-rr. duty &* an ad
vocate in sp::t «f ;•. ". :te G-^utds :u tt«
universe.
"Did they rak» u? i^thirf vJlrty aN?u:
poor Mowbray? Not a tfatsr. How was it
with this defeiicar.:? VN*lier« Mcwbray nt
about to g<* on Ik* >:^-i. i koM r*.:rn nut
to testify to certain tk£&|3 th*t h*pp*nevi
to & woman or » jTtcbi, but when ttey
tried to make cm Uovfaraj *P ex-amvtet
I said: 'N'ow. Uomttni', ft! aheid ar.d tell
all you krew '
"Howard Gould very r-at-ra'Iy desired
to piease the l*dy. v *.•_¦> lived in \V«?st
Korty-third strfet." SAtA La»> rr Sever
ance, referring to the sboottec o/ of fiie
¦wcrks. "The 'scy. p*r: erf whe^e t\p«?n^fs
t)f says he »sj p*y:nf— r*rx of fcer ex
penpes-^ sort of tatat m&mir. ir. seen:*.
Now, why'didr't s# <.% — < cui like a man
and say -Of course I ;*:d her cxrense^.'
instead cf evsd:r.g. V tst if fee aid pay
her exper.ses? Tfc^r* sr« ethers."
Lawyer Sevrrir.c-*- :fcr.g changes on
"My dear Momtjay.T jls Mr. Gould a«l
dressed the \~aiet la a "• t:er shortly after
the accidert. "Ncthirr «"*« too good for
"rny dear Mowbrsy iSmesu* " he shouted,
"ar.d four years «.*:errr*rd. when they
lived on yachts, si ite H:-:'ar.d and the
Waldorf, the best is :h« Sari was not too
good for him.
"This poor devil fpo:r.t!r.jr to Mowbray)
would stiil be in Gould's employ if the
womar. with peroxide hair had not crossed
his path— a woman wiic^e hair he sham
poo AQ."
Mr. Severance 'n concluding read to the
jury a letter of recommendation given to
Mr. Mowbray by Gould when he dh*- j
charged him. Referring .".rain to the rea
sons fcr Mowbray's discharge and to
bring-in* ir.io the cas? the name of Mi<=
<.'l«?mmons the lawyer asked: "Are we to
blarr*> because Gould and she lived to- I
pother at « Norfolk street. West London?" !
The Judge then charged the jury.
Ei? Bond Issue.
Th*> New York Central directors to-day
authorized the issue of J5.500.0O) bonds to
make certain payments provided for in :
the Boston and Albany lease. Part of this
pone/ is to go toward improvements. The
directors also authorized the doubie
traokirg of the Harlem division between
sn end to-nfght. The Jury
brousht in a pealed verdict for the plain
tiff. Mowhray. it If believed, will get
damapop of between $l*v> and SVC*). The
jirec-><? amount will be amn<junced in court
Plaintiffs Attorney Makes a Lurid. Argument and the Jury Re
turns a Sealed Verdict.
NEW YORK, TCcv. p.— Frank D.
Mowbray'g fight Bgainft How
ard Gould, who formerly em
ployed him as valet, came to
HOWARD GOULD'S VALET GETS
MONEY FROM THE MILLIONAIRE
Anti-Bryan Democrats of the South
have been in close communication with
members of the Republican party for the
last four years and they have discovered
that the lines of demarkatlon between
them are not insurmountable nor is the
association uncongenial. In Maryland,
West Virginia and Kentucky there are
several thousand influential business men
who were forced to oppose Bryanism four
years ago who may never return to ! the
Democratic party. In North Carolina,
South Carolina, Georgia, Alabama, Ten
nessee and Florida, it is declared, thexe
arts many successful business men who,
at heart, sympathize with Republican
ideas. and principles and would cheerfully
affiliate with that party if the race ques
tion could be made less prominent.
It is suggested that President McKinley
has successfully wiped out all traces of
sectionalism by his impartial distribution
of military appointments during the Span
ish war. On the same line it is argued
that he mights effectively solve the race
problem in the South by the exercise of
a little more human nature in the dis
tribution of Federal patronage. It is ex
asperating beyond endurance. Southern
ers say, to have colored men Apnointed
collectors of customs, collectors of inter
nal revenue and postmasters in progress
ive ?nd flourishing Southern cities where
the bulk of the commercial business is
carried on by white men. It is impossible,
troy add. to expect Southern men to
calmly submit to nearro domination, and
some Republican leaders have about con
cluded that It may be wise to undertake
the organization of a white Republican
party In the South on practical business
princinles. It is possible that some repro
fentative Southern man will he appointed
to a Cabinet portfolio and prominent
white men may be appointed to Federal
offices in white communities, thus remov
ing the race issue.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU, WELLINGTON HO
VEL, WASHINGTON. Nov. 9.— While
leaders of the old line Democratic party
arc talking about reorganization and. fig
uring for future position Republicans are
taking political observations in some of
the Southern States, with the view of
taking them into ths fold with Maryland.
West Virginia and Kentucky. Several
Republicans met yesterday, and while
discussing the outcome of the recent cam
paign the suggestion was made by a
prominent Southern man, who holds -a
high position under the administration,
tnat the time is ripe for some valuable
missionary work on behalf of the Repub
lican party in, the South. The statement
was advanced that President McKinley
now had a golden opportunity to build up
a white man's Republican party in the
South if he would go about it in the right
way. % It was asserted that in many of the
Southern States there were men who had
become interested in commercial and*busl
nuss enterprises 'who were progressive as
well as ambitious to keep up with the in
dustrial procession.
— _? —
Prominent Southron May Be Given a
Cabinet Position, While Negro
Appointments Will Be
Largely Curtailed.
Leaders of the Party Seek
ing, to Eliminate ftis
'Race Question.
REPUBLICANISM
MAY WIN VOTES
IN THE SOUTH
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1900.
2
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets Is a wholesome
combination of Blood Root, Guaiacol, En-
caluptol and similar antiseptics and they
cure catarrh and catarrhal deafness by
action upon the blood and mucous mem-
brane of the nose and throat.
A prominent specialist on ear trotrtftes
gives as his opinion that nine out of ten
cases cf deafness are traced to throat
trouble; this is probably overstated, but
It Is certainly true that more than half of
all cases of poor hearing were caused by
catarrh.
The catarrhal secretion in the nose and
throat finds its way into the eustachian
tube and by clogging |t up very soon af-
fects the hearing and the hardening of the I
secretion makes the loss of hearing per- 1^
manent, unless the catarrh which caused/
the trouble is cured.
Those who are hard of hearing may*
think this a little far fetched, but any onaT*
at all observant must have noticed how:'
a hard cold in the head will' affect the'.
hearing and that catarrh if long neglected i
will certainly Impair the sense ot hearing
and ultimately causa deafness.
It the nose and throat are kept clear
and free from the unhealthy secretions
of catarrh, the hearing will at once great-
ly improve and any one suffering from
deafness and catarrh can satisfy them-
selves on this point by using a 60-cent
box of Stuart's Catarrh Tablets, a new
catarrh cure, which in the past year has
won the approval of thousands of catarrh
sufferers, as .well as physicians, because
It Is In convenient form to use, contains
no cocaine or opiate and Is as safe and
pleasant for children as for their elders.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WHAT CAUSES DEAFNESS.
The Principal Cause Is Curable but
Generally Overlooked.
Many things may cause deafness, and
very often it is difficult to trace a caose.
Some people Inherit deafness. Actrte dis-
eases like scarlet fever sometimes causa
deafness. . But by far tha most common
cause of loss of hearing is catarrh ot the
head and throat.
Disease and weak-
ness of men. Es-
tablished 1831. Con-
sultation free.
731 Market st
(elevator entrance).
San Francisco.
& CO..
Specialists
DR. MEYERS
MARTSVIIXE. Nov. 9.— Barney McQuald
was to-day sentenced to five years, and Thomas
Mays to ten years, in San Quentin for high-
way robbery committed near Cicard Flat on
October 27. McQuaid and Mays are deserters
from the Presidio and were attired In infantry
.uniform at the time of their apprehension.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Eremo Qulnln* Tablet*. All
crufctflrts rf'ar.d the money if It fails to cure.
E W. Grove's signature Is oa each box. *3c •
The number of discontented Turks must
be enormous. Forty-eight thousand have
been exiled during the last eleven year«
To these must be added those who have
fled and those who are related to the ex
lies. During the last five years more than
£1.000.000 (J4.S88.000) has been spent bv "he
Sultan in trying to persuade the fugitive*
to return.
Price 25 cents. All druggists, or sent post
&««A n ,J? < l*. 1 P t of J*rlce. I>R- PAUL. DK
FORD, 175 N. Spring St.. Loa Angeles. C*^
As one physician aptly expresses It:
"You do not have to draw upon the
Imagination to 'discover whether you are
getting benefit from Stuart's Catarrh
Tablets: Improvement and relief are ap-
parent from the first tablet taken."
All druggists sell and recommend them
They cost but 50 cents for full sized pack-
age and any catarrh sufferer who has
wasted time and money on sprays, salves
and powders will appreciate to the full
the merit of Stuart's Catarrh Tablets.LATEST PHOTOGRAPH OF GENERAL CHRISTIAN" DEWET, WHOSE
REMAINING FORCES HAVE BEEN SCATTERED BY GENERAL
FOX.
(From Black and White.)
REPORT OF THE NAVY'S
PAYMASTER GENERAL
Recommends Erection of Additional
Storehouse Buildings at Mare Isl-
•¦ and and Other Stations.
WASHINGTON*. Nov. 9.— The annual re
port of Paymaster General Kenney of the
navy deals in large figures. He shows
that last year he spent SlO.CoO.OOO on ac
count of construction and purchase of
ships, $3,393,000 for repairs to ships, $11,
715,000 to keep ships in commission, includ
in % V^J 1 ; 589 ' 0 ? 1 for tne marine corps,
and $u6.9&i for the naval militia.
The paymaster general says that the
naval storehouse at Cavite has proved of
great value as a supply base, and the
bureau Intends to meet the demands of
the fie-et for supplies without purchasing
on the station as far as possible. The re
frigerator ships have been employed with
the most satisfactory results and have
been a veritable bocn to the men
The paymaster general makes an urgent
P ea for the creation of an Inspection di
vision In his office to look after the vari
ous yards and stations. . He also asks lor
™n.7f™ as^ °.\, the pay corps and for rec
ognition of the paymaster's clerks in
cluding retirement. In conclusion the re
port suggests that the department be au
thorized to accept certified checks in lieu
of bonds from contractors, and sets out
the need for additional storehouse build
ings at Portsmouth, N. H "Boston
ifa'f /sland""' N ° rf ° lk ' Kej ' w5t"23i
BANK PRESIDENT AND "
CASHIEB ARE ARRESTED
Embezzlement and False Swearing
the Charge Preferred Against
the Men, Who Give Bail.
SOMERSET. Ky., Nov. 9.-George-W
Wait, president, and R. G. Hail, cashier
of the Somerset Banking Company were
arrested to-day. Hail was arrested on the
charge of embezzling 116.000 and Wait on
the charge of false swearing in making
the bank statement. Both gave bail.
Saf ecrackers Get Good Haul.
BRAZIL, Ind., Nov. 9.— Safe-blowers en
tered the Co-operative Mercantile Store
at Harmony last night and with dynamite
tore the heavy safe In four quarters, then
looted It of. $5000 in currency. .
Wilson Jailed in Los Angeles.
Captain Seymour noticed a few daj-a
ago that a colored man had been arresteJ
in Los Angeles for stealing money from
landladies of boarding-houses. He sent a
photograph of Harry Wilson to Los
Angeles, as he thought Wilson might be
the man. He received a reply yesterdav
that his suspicions were correct, but the
man had given the name of John Harri
son. He had been held to answer before
the Superior Court on a charge of grand
larceny and there was a clear case against
him. Wilson is the colored man who was
arrested here for a similar offense and it
was for the acceptance of his bonds thru
Thomas A. Kelly, who was then clerk In
Judge Graham's court, was indicted by
the Grand Jury on a charge of forgery
and was convicted and sentenced in Judge
Lawlor's court. - * ¦
ments to Decatur Market. ';; '
SPRINGFIELD. 111., Xov. 9.— The State
executive board of the United Mine Work
erf of America a short time ago sent out
circulars to coal operators who were
shipping Into the Decatur market, re
questing them to discontinue shipping
there, as the miners of Decatur, did not
have enough work to employ them in con
sequence of these shipments. Some coal
operators claimed they had contracts still
pending and were granted permission to
protect such contracts. To-day, however,
the executive board Issued another circu
lai calling attention to the first circular,
stating that the outside operators have
continued to ship coal in as large quanti
ties as before the request was made and
declaring that all outside shipments of
coal, under contract or otherwise, must
cease.
- »
Canada Election Returns.
OTTAWA, Ont.. Xov. 9.— Almost com
plete returns from the Dominion election
fchow the following results:
Liberals elected. 12S: Conservatives. 76;
Independents, 3. There arc five elections
jet to be held. At present the Govern
ment majority over the Conservatives is
62, and Conservatives and Independents 49.
As the Independents are likely to go with
thfi Government the majority will be 55
oier the Conservatives. The five constitu
encies In which elections are to be held
are likely to go Liberal, four of them be
ing represented by the Liberals in the last
Parliament, giving the Liberals a major
ity of 60 In a full housa.
Issue Circular Declaring Operators
Must Make No Outside Consign-
MINE-WOBKERS DEMAND
THAT SHIPMENTS CEASE
Special IXepitch to The Call.
CALL BXTREAU. WELLINGTON HO
TEL, WASHINGTON. Nov. 9.-There Is
to be no change whatever in the policy of
the United States with respect to China.
This is the conclusion reached by the
Cabinet at its meeting to-day after care
ful consideration of all the facts in con
oection with the present situation.
••You can say authoritatively." a Cab
inet officer especially close to the Presi
dent eaid this Rfternoon, "that the Presi
dent will pursue the same route he has
followed from the outset and which has
as its object the early restoration of
peace, the maintenance of the Integrity of
China, and In establishment by treaty of
the open door. It was asserted by the
European press and by a certain class of
newspapers in the United States that in
case of the re-election of Mr. McKInley a
radical charge would be made in the pol
icy of this Government. The Call can
say without reserve that there is no
foundation for such reports. Th«> Chinese
question in all its phase? was discussed
to-<iay by the Cabinet, and it was deter
mined to follow the same policy hitherto
observed. The United States will join no
power or i?roup of powers, but will act
concurrently with all if It deems it de
eirable in the interest of harmony and at
ta'rment of principles to which It Is
pledged, though It will preserve Its time
honored course of independence of
action." "¦
Secretary Hay Is strongly urging upon
European powers the necessity of action.
Through Minister Wu. Li Hung Chang
and other peace commissioners of China
have complained at the delay in the nego
tiations and Secretary Hay thoroughly
But Little Importance At
tached to the Report in
Washington.
OFFICIALS DOUBT
RUSSIAN SEIZURE
Finances of the Empire
Are in Excellent
Condition.
"WASHINGTON, Nov. 9.— M. Routk'ow
sky. financial secretary of the Russia Em
bassy, has returned from St. Petersburg,
where he had an opportunity to confer
with the Russian Minister of Finance,
Dewitte, and to learn "from the imperial
authorities the exceptionally satisfactory
condition of Russian finances. Upon his
return Mr. Routkowsky was somewhat
surprised to see it reported that Russia
was seeking to place loans in the United
States. The rumors continue to circulate,
however, so Mr. Routkowsky gives the
Associated Press the following official
communication which he recently re
ceived from the Imperial Minister of Fi
nances of Russia:
"In view of the rumors which begin to
curculate again in the foreign press about
the suggested negotiations by the Imper
ial Russian Government of a loan the
Ministry of Finance considers it necessary
to declare once more that the Imperial
Russian Government is neither contem
plating nor disposed to negotiate loans of
any kind, the ordinary revenues and the
free cash reserve of the treasury being
more than sufficient to meet all expendi
tures not only ordinary, but also the ex
traordinary necessitated by the events in
the Far East."
Mr. Routkowsky was asked as to the
report from New York that Russia would
place orders amounting to $20,000,000 for
four new battlsships. to be built in Amer
ican shipyards and he replied:
"The Russian Government does not con
template any further additions to her
armament."
RUSSIA IS NOT
SEEKING LOANS
Bergerot Names Members at Large of
COMMITTEEMEN" APPOINTED.
Republican County Committee.
P. A. Berperot. chairman of the last
Republican County Convention, has an
nounced his appointments for members
at large of the new Republican County
Committee. The men appointed are to
serve from January 1. lyoi. to January 1.
1303. but it Is probable that before the
term expires a new primary law will have
changed the local political organization.
Following are the appointments:
Merton. C. Allen. Journalist. Chronicle S2T
Capp street: Maurice L. Ascher, attorney .
chairman of Republican. Campaign Committee
508 California street: I. J. Aschelm. Grand
Secretary I. O. B. J3., 1137 Geary street: E.l
ward M. Buckley, wharfinger. 20O3 Powell
street; P. "A.- Bergerot. attorney at law. 30«
Pine street: F. R. Danforth. Deputy County
Clerk. City Hall: H. O. W. Dinkelspiel, at
torney at law. Claua Spreckels buildinz: Mil
ton H. Esberg. merchant. 2211 Pacific avenue:
Max Goldberg, broker. 33S Kearny street: Jules
S. Godeau. funeral undertaker. 305 Montgomery
avenue; John A. Hoey. Senator. Boardman
place: A. W. Johnston. Chief Deputy Clerk
Supreme Court. Parrott building:; C. "W. Klnjcs
bury. manager Lick House; John C. Klrk
patrlck. manager Palace Hotel. Palace Hotel;
A. B. Mahoney. Clerk Superior Court Xo. «.
City Hall: G. F. Neal. manager Commercial
Publishing Company. 34 California street: P.
A. Penderjrast. deputy Justices' Clerk. City
Hall; Charles M. Yates. 117-113 Market street.
Mr. Bergerot has Issued the following
statement along with the announcement
of the appointments:
This committee has been selected by me with
a great deal of care and with a special view
to control the conduct of our next primary
election and of our next municipal campaign
In such a manner as to prevent the recurrence
of such disgraceful incidents as have In the
past characterized the primary elections held
by both of the leading 1 parties.
I do not txlieve that any of the Kentlenu>n
named by me can be subjected to any adverse
criticism by any citizen whose Judgment Is In
capable of beinar swerved by motives of petty
malice or spite. While I cannot answer for
the future actions or attitude of each one of
them. I can still vouch that more than two
thirds of them can be absolutely relied upon,
at all times, to do -what Is right and upright.
Their ¦well-known character for honesty and
integrity is the best warrant of my sincere be
lief.
agrees with them that too much time Is
being wasted. He is accordingly bringing
pressure to bear upon European Govern
ments in the hope of causing them to give
instructions to their representatives which
will result in an agreement as to the basis
of the negotiations. China is doing her
share in this direction. Minister Wu hav
ing informed the secretary that the
Board of Punishments directed to con
sider the cases of Prince Tuan and other
princes and officials named in the recent
edict has made Its report. Tuan is sen
tenced to lose J:is rank, emoluments and
pay. and his estates are forfeited. His
degradation Is visited upon his children,
though an exception may be made In the
case of his son, selected as heir apparent.
Minister Wu savs this punishment is
considered by Chinese officials as only
short of death. Tuan is not banished,
there being no precedent for the exile of a
prince, but this will likely be demanded
by the Ministers. It is believed that other
princes named in the edict have met with
similar punishment and that officials of
lesser rank mentioned have also been
severely punished.
Minister Wu said to-night that there
could be no doubt of China's purpose to
pay the Indemnity the powers would de
mand. No confirmation of the reported
acquisition by Russia of a concession at
Tientsin has reached the State Depart
ment cr the Russian Embassy. Secretary
Hay attaches no importance to the mat
ter, as it Is stated all nations with the
exception of the United States and Russia
have concessions at Tientsin, and this
Government, during Cleveland's adminis
tration, relinquished its claim to a strip
of land there.
Count Casslnl. the Russian Embas?ador,
also regards the matter of little import
ance, and is inclined to regard the re
port with suspicion, as it is of Sharighai
date. Should it prove true, it could very
well be used by Great Britain and Ger
many as a pretext for action under article
3 of the Anglo-German agreement, but
the authorities doubt v*>ry much if they
will adopt a course which will certainly
meet active opposition in this country.
CANTON. Nov. 8.— The reformer Szkinu
{the leading man in the anti-dynastic
party), who was sentenced to death in
connection with the recent Yamen ex
plosion here, was repeatedly tortured in
order to extort a confession from him.
but he re/u. c ed to make a statement in
regard to the explosion.
LONDON. Nov. 9.— A special dispatch
from Tifntsln dated November 7 says a
detachment of Italian troops returning to
Peking intercepted three battalions of
Chinese near Kunan-Hsien, the latter sur
rendering without firing a shot.
PKKIKG. Nov. r>. via Shanghai. Nov.
9. — Four of ttu- lfa«5ing officials of Pao
tlng-Fu. including Ting Tang, the acting
Viceroy of Pechlll.ar.d General Kusi Hing,
were executed on November 5 under the
sentence imposed by the tribunal of the
allies. Renewed reports of the death of
the Empress Dowager are in circulation,
but they lack verification and are discred
ited.
ROME. Nov. 8.— The Tribuna's Peking
correspondent cables under date of No
vember 4: The French commanders have
protested against the Italians and Ger
mans attacking the Chinese near Paoting-
Fu. claiming the Chinese there are under
French protection. A French zouave had
killed an Italian soldier by mistake. The
Italian troops were greatly excited, but
the officers succeeded in calming them.
SWEARS THAT ALVORD
CHANGED THE FIGURES
Strong Testimony Given by J. G. Gar
rison in the Hearing of the Ac
cused Note Teller.
NEW YORK, Nov. 9.— The further ex
amination in the case of C. L. Alvord Jr.,
the former note teller of the First Nation
al Bank, who Is accused of embezzling
$699,000 of the bank's funds, was contin
ued to-day before United States Commis
sioner Shields.
M. G. Hanna of Brooklyn, an assistant
bank examiner, was put through a long
examination and cross-examination. He
examined various clearing-house proofs
and testified to having put various figure*
on them. Mr. Hanna was asked severa 1
questions concerning -his methods of ex
amining a bank. It was .brought out
in his answers that he does not examine
the visible cash or assets of the bank to
see If it compares with the total amount.
Mr. Hanna said that In his examination
he found the clearing-house sheets, Al
vord's books and everything else ex
amined by him correct. He did not ex
amine everything- connected with the
bank, as it was not his duty to do so,
that being the duty of other examiners.
J. G. Garrison, a clerk in the note
teller's department, furnished the only
sensational testimony of the day. He di
rectly accused Alvord of changing the
clearing-house slip and swore that he
saw him do so. He said that he worked in
the same cage with Alvord and was about
twenty-five feet away from him. Describ
ing the examination of the clearing-house
sheets by Bank Examiner Hanna on Octo
ber 15 he said:
• "I was about twenty-five feet away and
when the sheet was <?iven to Alvord I saw
him turn his back to the next man to him
and make some marks on»the sheet. He
then went into his cage and made some
mere marks and then handed the sheets to
Mr. Hanna."
The hearing was aJJourned until Tues
day next.
SIR CHARLES TUPPER
WILL SHORTLY RETIRE
Leader of the Conservative Party in
Canada Has Grown Tired of
Public Life.
HALIFAX. N. S.. Nov. 9.— Sir Charles
Tupper, leader of the Conservative party
in Canada, announced to-day his intention
to retire from public life. He has been
nearly forty-five years In political har
ness and desired to resign two years ago,
but the party was unwilling to consent.
Conservative members in all the prov
inces within the last two days have of
fered to resign In his favor, but he de
clines, saying his personal defeat in Cape
Breton gave him the opportunity to retire
tliat he long had wished for.
He urged the several races in Canada to
work unitedly to make the Dominion
great.
?
ANOTHER DUNHAM SUSPECT
ARRESTED IN INDIANA
e _ > - ¦ • . " ¦
Marshal • Cullifer of Knightsvilla
Thinks He Has the Much-
Wanted Murderer. ,
BRAZIL, Ind., Nov. 9.-Marshal Cullifer
of Knlghtsville to-day arrested a man
giving his name as Fred Greenland, the
much-wanted murderer of Santa Clara.
Cal., for whom a reward of $11,000 was
offered by California, The man killed his
wife and family in 18S6. .;.;-;
The man referred to Is* evidently Dun
ham, the murderer of the McGllncys.
However, a dispatch to The Call from San
Jose last night stated that the Sheriff of
Santa Clara County had no knowledge
of the arrest of the alleged Dunham sus
pect. .*¦'-?
BIG COLLEGE GYMNASIUM
IS' DESTROYED BY FIRE
Splendid Structure at the University
of Notrs Dame Reduced to a
Mass of Ruins.
SOUTH BEND. Ind., Nov. 9.— Fir©
which started- about 3 o'clock this morn-
Ing in the gymnasium of the University
of Notre Dame destroyed that structure.
The building \/as of- steel and brick and
was one of " the largest college gym
nasiums in the world. It was erected In
1S9S-99.-- It was large enough to permit
football and baseball practice, had . a
track, baths and in every way was per
iectly equipped. While the flames . were
etill raging the university trustees held a
session and voted to replace the structure
with another, gymnasium.
The tramping fad has struck
the i , 'townl Read what, the
learned doctors and other well
known San Franciscans have to
say on the subject and then see
what you "think about it. Next
Sunday's Call.
AMERICA1T CITIZENS SEEK
REDRESS FROM GERMANY
Xctives of Alsacs-Lorraine Not Al-
lowed to Visit Horns on Return
From Paris.
BERLIN. Nov. 3— The United States
Embassy is crowded with applications for
redress against the German Government
made by natives of Alsace-Ix>rraine. who
are now American citizens and who after
the Paris Exposition visited their old
homes only to be curtly expelled by the
authorities.
1'nder the treaty of 1SCS Germany re
fuses to recognize them as' entitled to
protection.
Fifteen Are DTO-sraed.
LONDON, Nov. 9.— Later details of the
loss cf the steam collier City of Vienna.
which sank in the channel yesterday while
/ :ound from Swansea to Rotterdam after
f e. collision with an unknown vessel, show
that fifteen of her crew were drowned.
Accident to the Monterey.
HONGjXONG, Nov. 9. — The monitor
Monterey has returned here, having failed
to reach Canton owing to an accident to
San Francisco,. Nov. 8, 1000.
, President William McKin
ley, Executive Mansion, Wash
ington, D. C: We respectfully
recommend the appointment of
F. S. Stratton to the position
of Collector of Customs at the
port of San Francisco.
GEORGE C. PERKINS,
THOMAS R. BARD,
THE foregoing message was j
wired to the President Thurs- j
day evening last. It is expected
that the President, In response
to the Senatorial recommenda
tion, will appoint Mr. Stratton to-day or
early next week. The agreement to
recommend Mr. Stratton was reached at
a conference of Senators Bard and Per
kins held at Los Angeles a few days be
fore the election. j
Incidents connected with the recommen- j
dation comprise an interesting political j
chapter. The death of Colonel J. P. Jack- I
son, late Collector of the Port, was sud
den and unexpected. The first candidate
for the vacant place was W. B. Hamil
ton, cashier of the Custom-house. He
was the favorite of Senator Perkins and
was backed by a strong mercantile in
dorsement. Other candidates were Joseph
S. Spear Jr., Surveyor of the Port; John
T. Dare, United States Appraiser, and E.
B. Jerome. Applications in behalf of
others were presented to the Senators.
Surveyor Spear was indorsed by Con
gressman Kahn. Irving M/ Scott, the Re
publican County Committee and many of
the leading commercial Institutions of
San Francisco, but he was not acceptable
i to the senior Senator. -
i There was a good deal ot talk to the
1 cftect that Major Frank McLaughlln. who
i was chairman of the Republican State
Central Committee In 1S9S. was an aspir
ont for the otnee, but the fact may be
stated that he never was a candidate for
public office, and he so stated when he
was interviewed on the subject of the
Collectorship. Nevertheless, s evera 1 _ of
hli- admiring friends urged his appoint
ment "and' his merits were discussed b>
flee creditably,. but no application for his
appointment was filed with the Senators
Colonel Stone declined to indorse any of
the applicants, holding that It would be
improper for the chairman of thecom
n.Jttee to intervene He advised that no
ai-polntment be made during the Presi
"wniie "the leveral applicants were circu
lating petitions and securing Indorse
ments Senator Bard came to San Fran
cisco and held interviews with Senator
Perkins. The latter Senator obtained the
impression that Senator Bard would never
cogent to recommend Mr. Hamilton. Mr.
Bard also received the Impression that
his colleague would never consent to rec
ommend Surveyor Spear. Appraiser John
T Dare, who was in New \ork when the
vacancy occurred, did not return home
until the Senators had practicall> agreed
to eliminate Federal otllce holders .rom
th Nodeflnlte action resulted from the In
terviews In San Francisco, but the Sena
tors aTd agree to defer recommendation
until after the election. It was under
stood that, if possible, they would agree
hofnre election and recommend Imme
diately after the result of the President^
battle was announced Accordingly the>
arranged to meet in Orange Count> dur
fng the last week of the campaign and
sojourning at the Occidental Hotel re
ceived visits from many members of the
Legislature who cordially supported h
cause at Sacramento They free y ga«
him their views, insisting that the ap
pointee should be a representative of the
clean element of politics.
The name of Horace Davis was sug
gested to Senator Bard and the suggestion
was received with great favor. The
Senator was also favorably Inclined
toward Dr. Rowell of Fresno, but Senator
Perkins was not prepared to Indorse the
lntter as he preferred a business man or
San Francisco. His hesitation to Indorse
the former was based on the ground that
Mr Davis should be reserved for a posi
tion in the Cabinet. The name of Senator
Cutter of Yuba was mentioned, but he did
not possess the agreed qualification of
residence in this city.
In Los Angeles, shortly before the elec
tion, the discussion was renewed and the
field was narrowed down to Horace Davis
and F. S. Stratton. Neither one was a
candidate, but each was recognized as a
leading .Republican of eminent qualifica
tion and both were acceptable. When the
subject was presented to Horace Davis,
he expressed desire to relinquish work
rather than accept new responslbilties.
On, general review it was found that Air.
Stratton possessed rare gifts of Judgment
In his estimate of men. as shown In the
fact that he had. during the first session
of his term In the Legislature, voted to
send Senator Perkins to the United Stamen
Senate, and during his second term had
cast his vote to send Senator Bard thith
er. Ultimately it was decided to reserve
Horace Davis for higher position and give
the Collectorship to Mr. Stratton.
Day . before yesterday Senator Perkins
received a letter from Senator Bard. The
letter contained authority for the signa
ture of Senator Bard to the dispatch
transmitted to the President, as published
at the head .of this article. The recom
mendation was made after a prolonged
and careful study of the situation, and
both Senators believe that -the Indorse
ment, of Mr. Stratton will command the
apnroval of- the people of California-
Senator Stratton Is 41 years of ase. 'He
erariuated at the- TTnlverslty of California
In 1SS1. He is a religious man. but broad
gauged In his views. In Oakland he Is a
member of the Congregational church. In
Francisco he Is a member of; the Bohe
mian Club. He prepared himself for ad
mission to the bar in the office of Latl
mer & Morrow and later in the offi>e of
General W. H. L. Barnes. After admis
sion to the bar. he formed a partnership
with W. W. Morrow. He wan frequently
engaged in important artmiraltv cases and
certainly f derived ; knowledge that will be
useful to him as Collector of the Port.
He served four years as attorney for the
State Board .. of Harbor Commissioners.
He .was elected to the State. Senate in
1S96 and voted ¦ for Georgre C. • Perkins for
United States Senator. In the last regu
lar* session of the Legislature he was an
earnest and consistent sunporter of Gen
eral Barnes for the United States Senate.
When the extra session convened he took
an active part in organizing forces fa
vorable to the election of Thomas R.
Bard. Senator Stratton's legislative ca
reer is highly creditable. He gained in
fluence by reason of his Industry and
ability.
. There never was the slightest question
as to Ms integrity of character. His great
est work iiv the Legislature was applied
to the enactment of a primary election
law. He was so active In this work that
the act was known as the Stratton prim
ary lav/. The law was what the people
wanted, but the Supreme Court declared
it unconstitutional. In every sense he 13
a representative of clean politics and hon
est government, and his appointment
should add strength to the cause of re
form in the public service.
AJameda County is again the favored
region. Politicians refer to the fact that
the Superintendent of the Mint. Naval Of
ficer, Register of the Land Office and
Commissioner of Immigration reside In
that county.
The following dispatch from Washing
ton foreshadows early action on the rec
ommendation of Senators Bard and Per
kins.
VAtfHIXUTOX. Nov. 9.— Fred S. Stratton
will be the next Collector of Port of San
Francisco. He has been indorsed by Senators
Perkins and Bard. Papers are now in the
hiiMls of Secretary Gage and will be taken to
the White House for the President's consid
eration to-morrow. It Is not Improbable that
the appointment will be made immediately un
less some unexpected opposition is raised. '
CONGRESSMEM' NOT PLEASED.
Loud and Kahn Think Entire Delega-
tion Should Have Made Choice.
Congressmen Kahn and Loud, whose
constituents include the business men of
San Francisco, who above all others are
Interested In the appointment of the right
man, do not hesitate to express indirectly
their displeasure at the action of the two
Senators. Neither will say anything
against Mr. Strattcn's fitness, but each
talks freely of the fact that the delega
tion of Congressmen has been ignored,
contrary to long established precedent,
and that a lawyer has been appointed in,
spite of a general nnd well known desire
that a business man of experience should
be- Felected.
"The Information of the action of Sen
ators Perkins and Bard," Congressman
Kahn said last evening, "comes as a great
surprise to me. I had not even heard
Senator Stratton's name mentioned. I
had read that. Senator Bard had said that
none of the men whose names had been
mentioned for the appointment would be
chosen, but I did not know the two Sen
ators -had. a greed upon any one. .
"I do not know whether or not other
members of the delegation have been con
sulted, but I know that I have not. I am
not entirely sure what the custom has
bejen, but it has been my understanding
that the entire delegation took recom
mendations for Federal appointments un
der advisement.
"A large number of San Francisco mer
chants have expressed to me the hope
that some practical business man of wide
experience would be chosen for the office,
and I have teen urged to use my Influence
to secure such an appointment. That I
was willing and anxious to do, but of
course if Mr. Stratton Is already appoint
ed, that settles it."
"I have not the pleasure of Mr. Strat
ton's acquaintance." Congressman Loud
said, "but presumably he is well qualified
to fill the office. As neither Mr. Kahn nor
myself was consulted. I take It for grant
ed that none of the Republican Congress
men were asked for an opinion in the mat
ter. If Mr. Stratton Is appointed the in
cident Is closed, but not In accordance
with precedent in this State.
"I have been a member of Congress for
ten years, and during that time the entire
delegation has not only conferred but haa
balloted upon recommendations for Fed
eral appointments. It was so when Stan
ford and Felton were Senators. Take, for
illustration, the appointment of John C
Qulnn In 1891 as Collector of Internal Rev
enue/ I was in San Francisco at the time
and the other four Republican members
of the delegation were tied, two and two
on the appointment. Stanford favored a
Berkeley man. They wired me and I cast
the deciding vote for Qulnn.
: "So It has been throughout my ten
years in Congress. Senator Perkins was
glad enough to have the delegation rec
ommend Colonel Jackson, for he was
afraid Mr. Snear would be appointed in
spite of his opposition. I admit that In
some Eastern States such appointments
are made upon recommendation of the
Senators alone, but in many more the en
tire delegation caucuses on the appoint
ment. That certainly Is the precedent
that has ruled in the matter of California
appointments."
Lisgislative Topics.
W. . B. Lardner. State Senator-elect to
represent the Fifth District, comprising
the counties of Placer and El Dorado, is
in the city. Mr. Lardner gains his elec-
ATTORNEY FRED S. STRATTOX. WHO HAS BEEN RECOMMENDED
BY SENATORS PERKINS AND BARD FOR APPOINTMENT BY
TIIE PRESIDENT AS COLLECTOR OF THE PORT.
Great Meeting Planned for Transfer
REPUBLICANS WILL JOT.T.TFY.
of the Banner to San Francesco.
Mr. Choate Replies.
Saturday evening of next week has been
settled upon as the time for the surrender
by the Oakland Alliance of the Repub
lican banner. San Francisco and Ala
meda counties wfll unite in the ceremony
and will combffie with it a general Jollifi
cation over the Republican landslide.
Colonel Stone, chairman of the State
Central Committee; A. T. Booth, presi
dent of the Union League Club; Tirey L.
Ford, chairman of the committee on
political activity of the Union Leasjue
Club, and Alfred Bouvier and John F. Mc-
Glynn, chairman and secretary respec
tively of the County Central Committee,
had a conference yesterday and decided
upon the general features of the occasion.
The jollification will be held in Me
chanics' Pavilion. All the Republican
clubs of San Francisco will participate
and each will march to the Pavilion in a
body. There the banner will be duly pre
sented and received and speeches will be
made in honor of San Francisco's ach'»v»>
ment and in celebration of the Republican
triumph in the State and nation.
As the Union League Club is the only
Republican organization with permanent
and long-established quarters, it will
probably be chosen as custodian of the
silken trophy.
A meeting of the directors of the Union
League Club will be held at 1 o'clock to
day to arrange the details of the celebra
tion and the transfer of the banner.
The committees have already been ap
pointed by Al?meda County to make ar
rangements for the surrender of the ban
ner. The County Committee has ap
pointed A. II. Breed. Clarence Crowell
and W. W. Morrison to act and the Oak
land Alliance has appointed Felton Tay
lor, C. A. Bon. Samuel J. Taylor and
Senator-elect O. R. Lukens to consult
with Colcnel Georgre Stone in regard to
the transfer from Alameda to San Fran
cisco.
The suggestion of a Republican Inlllfl
catlon. made through the' columns of The
Call by a correspondent. William F.
Palmer, has been received with great fa
vor throus-hout San Francisco and the
event in Mechanics' Pavilion will doubt
less cause an unprecedented outoouriner
of enthusiastic Republicans. Mr. Palmer's
reference in his communication to hH
having a flair flying has brought the fol
lowing letter:
Editor Call: I have no means of Ttnowlnsr
the date of the lncln<i*»<i clipping-, but I tak«
Jt for grrantfd Mr. Palmer pulled his naij up
on the morning of Thur*dav. November S Tip
fore daybreak. I would like to inform Mr.
Palmer that I had my fiasr up with a full din
ner pail at the neak on the evening of Taps
day. November «. before 12 o'clock. Respect
fully yours.
CHAS. H. JENKINS, 318 Sanchez st.
November 9, 190O.
tlon by a majority of one. The majority
Is according: to Democratic figures. The
Republicans contend that the majority ia
four.
Brandon for Secretary.
Frank J. Brandon ia in the field as a
candidate for re-election to the position
of secretary of the Senate. He Is an ac
complished and capable secretary whose
attainments are appreciated by the Sena
tors.
• ¦ . . ¦'---".¦ ¦ ¦- ¦
Lord Roberts Reports a Number of Battles With the Brave Band
That Still Refuses to Yield to Superior Force.
LOXTK)N. Nov. 9.— Lord Roberts,
telegraphing from Johannes
burg under viate of November S.
Fives details of the defeat of
the Boers near Bothaville and
adds to the facts alreruy known the fol
lowir.c:
-rolonol L*>galkis »s: heavily engagej
for five hours with one thousand* Boers.
Kr.ox reinforced Legalkis and complete
ly defeated the Boers. Dewet and Steyu,
with the Boers, left In great haste ant*
¦rere mmd some mites to the south
rapt. The or.rmy hroK» up Into small par
tics. Legalkis was among the killed.
Stpyr.'s secretary. De V:Mers. was wound
ed and captured."
Iy-rd Roberts also reports a number of
Frr.all affairs, the most important of which
was nn engagement fought November 6
by Smith-Dorritn. BOtxtfc of Dalmanutha.
which resulted in the Boers being driven
to the east -f the Koomati River.
SOUTHAMPTON. Nov. 10.-Ger.eral Sir
Reavers Buller. on the Dunvegan Cas;l<»
from Cape Town, reached the quay at
Southampton last evening at half-past 8.
}\c was greeted by Lord Wolseley and his
staff as well as lay an immense assembly
of townspeople. At 3 o'clock he sat dowi:
to the mayoral banqvot. the first of a
peri. !- of f urctinr.s in his honor.
MARSEILLES. Nov. 9.— Mrs. Elcff has
arrived here to await the arrival of Mr.
KrjRer. har grandfather, on the Dutch
cruiser Gelderland. In the course of an
Interview to-day she sr.id:
"The difficulties surrounding Great
Britain are so great that the Boers
are convinced they will finally gain the
i:rper hand. We have the greatest confi
dence in the Journey of the President,
¦who. In spite of his preat a^e an-1 fatigue,
will travel across Europe. He only de
sired to come because he. has In his pos
session a very efficacious means of ac
tion."
Immediate Appointment by President May Follow — Horace Davis
to Be Indorsed for a Cabinet Position.
BOERS UNDER DEWET AND STEYN
ME DEFEATED BY BRITISH TROOPS
Though. Mortally Wounded, James
Kiger Staggers After H. M.
Clemons snd Fires Until
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VIRGINIA CITY, Nov. 9.— James Kiger
was shot and- killed by II. M. Clemons in
Nigger Ravine, near Silver City, at 11
o'clock this mcrnlng. The shooting v.-as
the result cf a difficulty over the owner
ship of a mining claim called the "Corry
J." in which Clemens and Kiger were
equally interested, demons, who at one
time owned all of the Corry j, had grub
staked Kiger and given him a half inter
est in the mine to develop it. A short
time ago Kiger assaulted a man named
White, who was employed in the mine by
Clemons. Clemor.s offered to buy tiie
mine, but Kiger refused to sell or" make
any sort of a settlement.
This morning: Clemons went to Nigger
Ravine to inspect another mining prop
erty and passed clcse to the Corry J.
Kiger was on the dump and Clemons and
he greeted one another pleasantly. 'Kiger
had just dumped a carload of ore an-1
Clemons remarked upon its excellence,
saying that he supposed Kiger would give
him his share after it was milled.
"Not a damned cent," said Kiger.
Clemons then started across the dump
with a sample sack, presumably to get
some samples of the ore.
".Let that alone," demanded Kiger, who
drew a revolver and began shooting.
Clemons returned the fire and a bullet hit
Kiger in the head, between the chin an.i
lower lip, inflicting a mortal wound.
Kiger displayed remarkable grit and
vitality, following Clemons up a hill and
firing two mere snots, one of which grazed
Clemons' armpit. Kiger then reeled down
the hill again, his footsteps marking an
almost perfect circle from his starting
place, and fell face forward upon a pile
of rocks. Clemons followed him and lifted
his head and a moment later Kiger ex
pired in the arms of the man who had
shot him.
Clemons at once came to Virginia 1 City
and gave himself up. He is now in the
County Jail, where he will remain to
await the action of the Justice Court. It
Is thought he will be exonerated on the
ground of self-defense.
The affair, created intense excitement
on the Comstock.
Clemons is superintendent of the Vir
ginia and Gold Hill Water Company and
stands high in fraternal circles.
Victim of th3 Affray Ex
pires in the Arms of
MINING MEN
FIGHT A DUEL
TO THE DEATH
F. S. STRATTON IS RECOMMENDED
FOR COLLECTOR OF THE PORT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1900.
3
For a Cold in the Head.
Laxative Bromo-Qulnlne Tablets. • *
PUBLISHERS, NEW YORK.
CHARLES SCRIBNER'S SONS
The Queen Versus Billy, and
Other Stories
By Lloyd Osbourne.
12mo, $1.50.
-CONTENTS: THE QUEEN VERSUS BILLY— THE BEAUTIFUL. MAN OF PINOA-
LAP-THE DUST OF DEFEAT— THE HAPPIEST DAY OF HIS LIFE— FATHER
ZOSIMUS— FRENCHY'S LAST JOB— THE DEVIL'S WHITE MAN— THE PHANTOM
CITY-AMATUA'S SAILOR.
THIS is the first book by Mr. Lloyd Osbourne, but the author is
already well known to the public as the stepson of Mr.
Robert Louis Stevenson and as his co ! laborator. His stories
picture in rich colors the romance of life in the South Seas, out
of which grow humor, pathos ani tragedy.
T i ? i\ n jt n 9
Tales of the South Seas!
POSTUM CEREAL.
Any one interested in thin subject would
be greatly Furprised to make a systematic
inquiry among prominent brain workers
In America. There are hundreds of thou-
sands of our most prominent people that
have abandoned coffee altogether and are
using Postum m Food Coffee in its place,
and for the most excellent reasons in the
world. Many of them testify that III
health, nervous prostration, and conse-
quent inability to work haa in times past
pushed them back and out of their proper
standing in life, whicli they have been
«blc to regain by the use of good health,
strong nerves and great vitality, since
coffee ha* been thrown out and the Pot-
turn put la its place.
They will solemnly pledge to themselves
&ay after day that they will abandon the
use of it when they know that it is short-
ening their days, but morning after morn-
Ing: they fail, until they grow to despise
themselves for their lack of control.
This Is only a small percentage of th<?
jrreat Variety of diseases -which come from
en unbalanced r.ervous system, caused by
the persistent daily use of the drug caf-
feine, which is the active principle of cof-
f«"». Another bit of prima facie evidence
about coffee is that the victims to the
habit find great difficulty in giving it up.
It would be Just as reasonable for a
tpmrK-ra-nce advocate to drink a little di-
luted whisky as to drink coffee, for one
la as truly an Intoxicant as the other, and
p*>r?JFtence In the u»e of coffee bring-s on
a variety of chronic diseases, notorious
among which are dyspepsia, heart palpi-
tation (ard ultimately heart failure), fre-
quently constipation, kidney diseases,
many case? of w^k ryes and trembling
condition of the nerves.
Coffee.
See How Many Friends Are Hurt by
TAKE A RECORD.wawa and Sarah; E. Casserly— Silence; W.
H: Hinchman— Forget and St. Michael;
H. A. Deckleman— Ben Kirby; H. W. Mul-
W — Cruiser and Mocorito; J. K. Hurley —
O. K. Capitol and Shylock Boy; J. I.
O'Brien— Pasha Queen: R. L. Taylor-
Beauty Spot; E. M. Kellog— Sweet Emma
and Iowa Maid; George Malcolm — Aethra;
George Sharman — Bowery Boy; O. Zahl —
Miss Wilson: Sterl & Knowles— Rusty
Gold and Sleety Mist; F. A. MeComb—
Amarosa; J. H. Perigo — Lady Davenport
and Controller: Lande & Gerber — Rienzi.
Mount Ida and Concord: D. E. Wiley—
Hiph Born Lady, and Buckles; Captain
Cane— Mi?s Penman: and Rose of Arden;
J. J. Edmonds— Go On. and Whiskey Hill:
P C. Blick— May Laurence and La Rosa
Souvenir; D. Dillon— Dew Drop and Eu
rnpa: J. Reid— Reckless Archer: Teddy
HooJ— RcFt Assured: William Cramer-
Onward and Jesse Moore: Fred C. Mack-
Delia M; L. F. Bartels— Beer Brewer.
Banner Bright and Best Bargain; Connell
Brothers-Mamif Pleasant and St. Helen;
Pasha Kennels— May Hcmpstead. Reve
d'Amour Gold Nugget and Rollicking
Airs; P. Rcilly— Lady Granard; s; E. Por-
tal-Cannon Ball: P. J. Rellly— Ploughboy
and Grafter: J. Dennis— Mike Fenton; C.
J. Whalen— Anna Held, Black Filer and
Alesandro: J. Mooney— Silent Treasure; J.
Higgins— Sire Kern and Robert Emmet:
Irwin & Lyon— Silver Wings and Silver
Lion: S. Handy— Twin City Girl; B. Bos
worth— Bolesworth and Password: W. D.
Murphy— Crawford Lass and Crawford
Braes: J. McNeil— Pearl Mac.
Besides these entries T. J. Cronin, J. H.
Halten and Russell & Allen will nomin
ate two each. R. C. Scott will name one.
The entries do not close until this even
ing just before the draw.
COURSING MEN OFF FOR
THE MODESTO PLAINS
"JIMMY" WHITE. THE TOUXO
HANDBALL, PLAYER. WHO
WILL MEET THE BEST EX
PKRTS IN THIS LINE OF
SPORT IN THE CHAMPIONSHIP
TOURNAMENT TO BE HELD
AT THE OLYMPIC CLUB NEXT
THURSDAY, IS RATED AS THE
COMING CHAMPION OF THE
COUNTRY.— The drawing is by C.
Tebbs, a Call artist.
Sacramento Will Say
Good-By to the San
Francisco Team.
LAST SERIES
BETWEEN TWO
HIGH TEAMS
The California Cycling Club will hold a
five-mile handicap road race over- the San
Leandro course on Sunday, November 1L
The following riders will participate:
Five-Mile Eoad Eace.
Fifty-yard dash. Juvenile— F. James, J.
Johnson. P. Samuels. F. Manger, J.
Erasmy. F. Paine, K. "Derwin. C. Crist,
F. Burns, HV Cross, A. Martinez. C. Duke>
J. Makel, F. Manning. L. Patton. S. Fin
nlgan. D. Hand. E. Wells, E. Egan, W.
Grueman, D. Shipley, C. Donovan. H.
Ramsay, P. Revert. C. McKHlop. F.
"Wolfe, H. Dixon, J. Jones and H. Sand-
Under-water swimming, tub race and
high diving for boys— Open to all.
One hundred-yard race, amateur — L.
Boudln, J- Brady. W. Cook. A, Clayton, G.
Irvine. R. R. Riding. H. Dodson. J.
Erasmy, C. Butterworth, F. Crowder. F.
Brown. G. Kelber. XV. Wallace, T. Cater.
R. Cordell. J. Kelly. W. McGulre. L.
Haywards, C. Kurran, F. Wolde, C.
Fredericks. , .
Trick and fancy spring-board diving— H.
Dodson. H. Seebach. P. Levin. C. Au
gustus. E. Sunberg. T. Thompson. E.
Revnolds, F. Ralston, M. Carmody, G.
Keiber, C. Harnes, J. Bradley, I* Hano
lon, J. Gardiner. V'vrr-v-
The following swimming races will take
place at Sutro Baths to-morrow after
noon:
SWIMMING RACES
AT SUTRO BfJTHS
At the regular monthly meeting: of the
Pacific Association of the Amateur Ath
letic Union the following clubs were rep
resented: The Ariel and South End row
ing clubs, the Olymprc Club, the Dolphin
Boating Club, the Lurline Swimming
Club and the Columbia Park Boys* Club.
In the absence of President W. B. Hlnch
man and Secretary H. A. Keeler the chaJr
was taken by Vice President Georfte
James, and J. R. Bockman acted aa sec
retary. The registration committee re
ported that a charge of professionalism
had been brought before it against Over
all of the University of. California. On
investigation it had been ascertained that
Overall had played on a Vlsalla team.
some members cf which had been, paid
for their services, and had himself had
pay offered, but had refused it. Believing
that he would not Jeopardize his amateur
standing. Overall had consented to play
Under these circumstances the committee
held that he had not forfeited his stand
ing as an amateur and is fully eligible to
enter amateur competitions. On the rec
ommendation of J. E. Sullivan, president
of the Amateur Athletic Union. R. Sharp
was accepted as an alternate on the
board of managers of the National Asso
ciation. It was stated that the Lurline
Swimming Club is an entirely new organ
ization and its application for admission
to the Pacific Association was favorably
entertained W. F. Harrison was accept
ed w s y? e d f lc s at e of the Tiew swimming
club. Permission was granted to tha-.
Olympic Club to hold an amateur hAnd
bail tournament. **ou-
OVERALL'S AMATEUR
STATUS IS SETTLED
All the excitement of a race at the end
of the season will not be this year. San
Francisco is hopelessly consigned to sec
ond^ place and the champions will be the
champions again.
Hank's men began taking rides on the
toboggan about four weeks ago and . they
have not quit it since. It can't last much
longer, as the season closes three weeks
from to-morrow. But if it should con
tinue that long Hank and his nine "pret
zel eaters" will find themselves below
Stockton and shaking hands with the tall
enders. the Dudes, of trailing proclivities.
On the local diamond to-day San Fran
cisco and Sacramento will shake hands
for their last round this season. • It will
be like saying good-by to old friends when
the series Is finished.
The teams will line up:
Sacramento. Positions. San Francisco.
Stanley , Catcher Sullivan
Doyle Pitcher Iburg
Hanlon Flmt base Pabst
Stultz Second base Schwartz
Devereaux Third base Rellly
Kgan Short stop Krug
McLaughlin Left field Levy
Sheehan Center field Brockhoff
Hughes Right field Hlldebrand
On Sunday at 12:30 p. m. teams repre
senting Companies N and I, League of the
Cross Cadets, will play a match game on
Folsom and Sixteenth streets. Companies
C and D will 6ettle their differences after
this game. ¦ .
Following is the line-up for the two
games:
Company I. Positions. Company N.
McCarthy ..Pitcher Flynn
Fenne&sy Catcher. ". Hlelan
Power.. First baae Butler
Doyle....* Second base.. ....Joyce
Waters Third base Adamina
Crawford — Short stop Hannlgan
Smith Left field Watson
Amlot Center Held. McLaughlln
Grandvllle Right Held Kennedy
Company C. Positions. Company D.
F. Dougherty Pitcher J. McQuade
Barnon ...Catcher Sullivan
T. Dougherty "..First base .......Sheehan
Ooyhenix.. Second base C. McQuade
Campbell Third base Hayned
McDonald., Short stop........ Mohun
Townley— ,C'. ..Left field O'Connor
Hall....... .....Center field ..Kelly
OIjhsou... ....RlKht Held .McDermott
Though the San Mateo Hunt Club haa
already had two runs this fall, at^he first
of which about thirty people were pres
ent and at the second more than twenty,
the season's sport has not yet officially
begun. The ground is still so hard that
the owners of valuable hunters are disin
clined to risk their horses until more rain
has fallen and the going is softer. Frank
Carolan, the master of the Hunt Club, and
Peter Martin, one of its best known mem
bers, are hunting in the Tennessee Val
ley. New York State, but a programme
covering until the end of the present
month has been prepared. The meet to
day will be at El Ceriito Park, San Ma
teo. at 2 p. m. Next Saturday the meet
will be at 9:30 a. m. at Fair Oaks and on
Saturday, the 24th lnst., at the same place.
On Thanksgiving- day the hounds will
throw off at Prince Poniatowskl's place,
the Burlingame Stock Farm, at 9:30 in the
morning. The pack now includes twelve
couples in working condition. Six addi
tional couples are to be sent out from Ire
land and the master of tho hunt has al3o
purchased Fix couples in New York, which
will be added to the pack at San Mateo.
The latter are American bred hounds,
which are generally considered faster
than English bred ones, though not pos
sessing so much stamina and endurance.
HUNT CLUB PREPARES
TO RIDE TO HOUNDS
The board of directors of the San Fran
cisco Kennel Club recently held a meet
ing at which Thomas H. Williams Jr., E.
Courtney Ford and Colonel Walter S.
Martin were elected to membership.
At the last meeting of the Pacific Fox
Terrier Club Byron Erkenbreaher of Los
Angeles* and William Hawley of Sacra
mento were added to the roll of members.
Prospects of success of the forthcoming
Oakland bench show are most favorable.
Entries will be received from exhibitors.
both north and south, who have never be
fore shown at a Pacific Coast show.
Among these is Sftnor Pani of Ciudad
Juarez, Mexico, whose St. Bernards cap
tured all the hlue ribhons at the show
held lately in Dallas, Tex. Another for
eign exhibitor. Henry Coulson of Ross
land, British Columbia, will send down a
bulldog that has distinguished himself in
England on several occasions by winning
first prizes. Lewis R. Pyle, the well
known mining expert, also of Rosaland,
intends to send down his Scotch terrier
John S. with which he hopes to make a
good showing against Mrs. G. Bradley-
Dyne's representatives. Anthony II.
Bush of Alameda will show a magnificent
Great Dane by Victor II out of Princess
Dagmar. Some other line does that will
be seen on the bench are Mrs. James
Clyde's Prince Charles spaniel Prince.
Alexander J. Sutherland's fox terrier
Flora McDonald and D. J. Oliver's York
shlrrf terrier Susette. None of these has
ever been exhibited before: another nov
ice to the bench will appear in J. Hors
burgh's beautiful LJeweilyn setter Sun
set.
BARKINGS BY THE
KENNEL CELEBRITIES
C. G. Cook has returned from Brans
combe, Mer.doclno County, where he was
out on a bear hunt with J. Branscomb, T.
Mitchell. R. Young and E. Bray. In six
daya, with three hounds. Cook and party
claim six of the bruin breed.
The California. Coyote Club is having a
mqrry time back of Pinole every Sunday,
chasing coyotes and wildcats. Last Sun
day they killed two coyotes and one wild
cat, a &>-caliber rifle being the maximum
allowed. The officers of, this club are: Dr.
C. G. Levinson, president: Dr. C. Qulnan.
vice-president; E. Selfridge, second vice
president; C. R. Kennlff. treasurer; J. B.
Kenniff. secretary: K. Quinan. field cap
tain, and Joe Frietes. master of hounds, t
The club will hold another field meeting:
to-morrow.
Bert Wyman and Jack Lemer shot at
Shermans Island on Sunday. Bert Wy
man's frioiids are preparing some gas
tronomlc entertainment in his honor on
account of this, his own record breaking
shoot. Wyman got a string of fourteen.
At Willow. Lodge the usual run of good
luck showed itself this week, and at Ai
varado and Alviso the shooting Is Im
proving.
\V. s>. Kittle. Henry Nichols. Henry
Miller and O. H. Hopke shot at Tubbs
Island last Sunday, with fair success.
Snipe are very plentiful this year, and
many of the gunners are training their
barrels on this small bird instead of the
broad bill. On the Country Club preserves
in Martn County and on tho bay marshes
snipo abound.
This is a great season for quail. In
Sonoma and Marin counties tha shooters
reach the limit allowed by law early in
the day. "It is no trick to go out and
bring back a bag of twenty-fiv© at tho
Country Club," says w. S. Kittle. And
the came happy expressions come from
the San Mateo direction.
On Sunday the Field and Tule Club had
a poor shoot on its ponds near Cordelia.
To offset this H. B. Hosmer, Al Cum
mir.jrs and Fred Bushnell tried their luck
again en Wednesday. A string of 105 birds
was the result, Hosmer being high man
with 47, while CumminRS ran a close sec
ond. To-morrow the Cordelia ponds will
be occupied by Messrs. Titus, Unger, Bell
and Hopke.
The duck shooters, while participating
In alternate good and poor shoots, arc
satisfied with the sport at present, for th«>
best of all birds, the canvasback, is be
ginning to show on the marshes. Last
Sunday the returns were very light, but
during the week those who tried the Sui
sun and Alviso marshes came back with
long strings and happy faces.
Quail and Snipe Abound
and the Canvasback
. Is Here.
SHOOTERS ARE
KEPT BUSY ON
FIELD AND POND
Scratch— T. II. White; twenty seconds— C.
L.. Braun, F. Carrol, H. Barnwell. A.
Barnwell; forty seconds — G. Seyfreid. K.
E. Bergman, IS. Warren, W. Rombach;
one minute— F. Wcstcott, H. Bewar, E.
Egebenr. F. Moller; one minute and fif
teen seconds — K. Kasstensen. A. Carl. E.
Pfeiffer. G. Hitchcock. M. Klelberpr: one
minute and thirty seconds — M. A. Griffiths,
E. English, W. XV. Gibson, L. F. Zellnsky.
OO November 15 the Olympic Club
will hold an amateur championship,
singles, handball tournament. Rep
resenting the Winged O will be A.
C. Hampton and Charles Sullivan. The
other entries are J. A. White. W. A. Ma
guire, E. Curley, R. Linehan, M. J. Kil-
gallon, J. Collins, J. Harlo-w and John
Rlordan. -.
Among the handball men this tourna
ment Is creating a great deal of specula
tion. It will be the first time that youns
Jimmy White, a marvel on the courts,
will meet the Olympic champions In tour
nament. "White is a handball wonder ami
is picked by many as a champion of aii
champions. His agility, precision an.l
Judgment are remarkable. A few years
more experience and the development or
strength that comes with years, it la ; salci
will make this young expert equal, if not
superior to the champions of America.
White's skill was trained and developed
at the San Francisco Handball Court. A
great contest is sure of realization >t
White meets Hampton.
Hampton is the reputed champion .of tne
Sffffi SSKSESaSS K
JSiSffl 'SJ^SJSWSrS. BBgS
of the San Francisco court are out for
Olympic scalps.
BEST HANDBALL
MEN WILL MEET
SPORTS-HANDBALL, COURSING, FOOTBALL
Flv* and a. half furlonps — Belle of Orleans
won, 1-arty Contrary second, Blarneystone
third. Tim*, 1:U !¦'<>.
R*llir.K. mile an* nevrnty yards — Himself
won. Utt> Daisy second. The Golden Prince
third. Tim*. l-=l 2-5.
SPllinsr. inf rrtile ar.<l p<>rcnty yards—Rnchef
ti»r won. Bettle Gray second. Templar third.
Tim«\ l:ft *¦'¦>. " " .
Or.f mil* 1 and seventy yarc? — Charentus
•won. Oreyflrld FWond, Herbert- third. Time,
1:S«'.
Pf'.linr. »ix furlong?— Miner Daly won, Xon
reriPl second, Schoolmaster third. Time,
UO 2-5.
Mile an4 seventy yard*— Charawlnd won. An
ple foronrt, L»on FVr^uson third. Time. 1:00.
Five furinncs — Mildred won, G«or(fe Arab
pecnM, lvr<J Iviza third. Time. 1:01 4-5.
CHICAGO. Nov. S.— Results at Lakeside.
Track plow.
Five lurlnngi>— Mildred won, George Arab eer
rm<J. I>ord Liza third. Time. 1:014-5.
Klve and a half furlor.ff?— Daisy O ¦won,
OUkma second. Village Pride third. Time, 1:09.
Five and a half furlonps— Benrkhart won,
Knhnwreath secend, Ked Signal third. Time,
l:f*Vi.
Mile pell Ir.e— Dick Furber won, Phidias sec
«!id. Orion third. Time, 1:15.4-5.
Mile and twenty vards— Orontan won. Flaunt
tseror.d, Hllen Dale thfrd. Time, 1:42 3-5.
Mile. F*>HJn*r— Hood'5 BriKade won.- Prairie
Tk>k second. Molooo third. Time, 1:42 1-5.
CINCINNATI, Nov. 9.— Results at La
tonia: ;
Plx and a half furlongs, selllne— TOce. won.
Zaza second. Eleanor Holmes third. . Time,
l:2?A. ¦ . .- .
five ana a half furlonge— Ethel Wheat won,
Pr-hool for Scandal second," Obla third. Time,
l:«7'i.
M!!<* and an eighth, celling:— Celtic Bard won.
Sir Gati&n eecond. Colbert third. Time, 1:54.
Seven furlongs. wlllnK— Henr.enda won. Earl
Fon*o second, Mif* Redwood third. Time,
1:2T4.
Fix furlongs— Alexander Pearson ¦won. Joe
Platt second, Duces Treum third. Time. 1:14.
Six «nd a half furlonirs— Pillanllst won. Fair
Deceiver cecend. Lady Kent tbizd.' ' Time. 122.
NEW YORK. Nov. ?.— Weather cold;
track muddy. Results at Aqueduct:
RESULTS OF RACES
ON EASTERN TRflCKS
LONDON; Nov. 9.— At Woolwich last
evening a six- round boxing contest' be
tween Dave Barry of Philadelphia and
Harry Berry of London was declared a
draw. ... v
Declared a Draw.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 8.— A one-story build
ing In North Fourth street, near Santa
Ciara street,. collopsed this morning while
being raised and repaired. In falling It
went sidewlse and wrecked an adjoining
wooden structure one story in height.
Both houses were being raised to admit
of the addition of another story. Tho
buildings belonged to Marcovich Brothers/
whose loss will, reach $2000. Fortunately
the workmen received warning of their
dancer and no one was hurt.
Collapse of a Building.
Rowing seems to have taken a genuine
hold upon the students of the University
of California, the Boating Association of
which Intends to hold sculling races at
intervals of six weeks. The outrigged
Ekiff men are divided Into three classes,
known- as championship, second and third.
The first of the series of skiff races was
held last I Saturday afternoon ¦ over - the
Oakland Creek course near Sessions
Basin.' The day was warm and bright.
BERKELEY OARSMEN : • '
IN SCULLING RACES
LONDON, Nov. 9.— At the Liverpool
autumn meeting the Liverpool Autumn
cup of 1200 sovereigns, a handicap for
three-year-olds and upward, one mile and
three furlongs, was .won by J. D. .War
dell's Fabulist. Lord Farquhar's Japonica
came in second and A. F. Bassett's Good
Luck was third. Eighteen horses ran.
Wins the Autumn Cup.
A doubles tournament will b« held to
day on the courts of the California Club.
It will be a doubles of the impromptu or
der, with partners chosen by lot.
On Sunday morning the last match In
the semi-finals. Collier vs. Smith, which
was postponed from election day, will be
played off. Each has won a set and the
match should be close and exciting, with
the odds in favor of Smith. The winner
will then play Robert Whitney in the
finals for first prize. The loser will re
ceive a second prize.
A week from to-day tho contest for the
Davis cups' In handicap doubles will be
resumed with renewed interest," aa Beveral
new teams-will enter. •
TOURNAMENTS ON THE
B^XflLIFORNIfl COURTS
The Vampire Association Club held a
meeting a few days ago and elected the
'following officers for the coming Fcason:
President, W. Balnaves; vice presidents,
George Theobald and Georgw T. S.
White; secretary and treasurer, A. P,
Chambers; captain. II. ,V. Turner; vice
captain, J. B. Duggan; members of com
mittee. H. C Cassldy and J. D. Robert
f=on. The club has engaged the Presidio
athletic grounds for practice and matches
and with several new members looks for
ward to an active season. The first prac
tice came will be rlaye-d next Saturday
afternoon.
The club unanimously passed a resolu
tion expressing its sorrow at the recent
death by drowning" of George F. Bridge
and H. D. Campbell, two of the best
players in the Mountain Copper Company
Football Club of Keswick, Shasta County.
For some .years past the Vampires have
played two matches annually against tho
Keswick men. one at Keswick and the
other In this city. The above-named ¦were
two of the best known of the Shasta
County footballers.
VAMPIRE FOOTBALLERS
ELECT NEW OFFICERS
The University of California handball
enthusiasts have just completed a hand
ball tournament, W. Pitchford, '03, being
the declared champion. The scores:
First round— Moulder '03 beat Cohn '02,
21—0, 21—8; Pitchford '03 beat Richardson
'01, 21—18, 21-8; Abadle '03 beat Brown
'01, 21— IB, 21— 9; Heyman '04 beat Rhine
'04, 21—12, 21—16; Roos '04 beat Childs '01,
21—16, 21—12; Arnold '02 beat Turner '01.
21—17. 21—14; Conlan '01 beat Wright '02
by default; Clarke '04 received a bye.
Second round— Roos '04 beat Clarke '04,
21—20. 21—2: Pitchford '03 beat Moulder
'03, 17—21. 21—20. 21—20; Heyman '04 beat
Abadle '03, 16—21, 21—18, 21—15; Conlan '01
beat Arnold '02. 21—18, 17-21. 21*-18.
Semi-finals— Heyman '01 beat Roos '04,
21-16, 21-15; Pitchford '03 beat Conlan '01.
21—10. 21—6.
Finals— Pitchford '03 beat Helman '04,
18-2J. 21-20, 21-6. " I ,-
The following matches will be played on
the San Francisco handball courts on
Sunday: .- '
II. J. Rogers and E. J. Murphy vs. Max
Basch and W. Walsh; J. R. Boekman and
L.. Waterman vs. E. McDonough and D.
J. Sheehan; A. McVlcker and G. Smith vs.
J. Condon and T. Leach:*" G. McDonald
and P. McKlnnon vs. M. McNeil and L.
Carraine; P. Ryan and W. H. Sleberst
vs. G. B. Hayward and W. Fisher; W.
Williams and J. Lawless vb. D. Connelly
and G. Hutchinson; D. Regan and B.
Barry vs. Joe Foley and J. Kir by; W.
Magialre and J. Harlow vs. B. Curley and
J. Collins; A. Hampton and M. J. Kilgal
lon vs. R. Linehan and J. White.
COLLEGE MEN IN
THE HANDBALL COURTS
This afternoon on the Adams Point
links there will be a tournament over
eighteen holes against bogey, In which
the winners will receive trophies.
The Sausalito Golf Club will hold Its
first formal tournament this afternoon,
play beginning- on the links In the mili
tary reservation near Fort Baker as soon
as possible after the arrival of. the 1:45
p. m. boat from San Francisco. The
events will be championships for men
and women and mixed foursomes. Only
the qualifying: rounds, over . eighteen
holes, medal play, for the championship
events will be played to-day. The open
ing rounds in the actual contests, over
eighteen holes, match play, will be played
next Saturday and Sunday. Entries have
been coming In well and It Is expected
that nearly all the active members of the
club will take part.
It is understood that David Bell of Mid
lothian, professional golf champion of
the United States, and Willie Smith, for
merly open champion, will make a win
ter tour of the Pacific Coast, playing their
first match on the Coronado links. Wil
lie Smith Is a brother of "Alec" Smith,
who was at Coronado last winter, and
played In several matches against "Hor
ace Rawllns, Willie Anderson and James
Melville.
The opening • round of the third com
petition for the Council's cup for
men will be held to-day on the Pre
sidio links. There have been two pre
vious contests for the. trophy, the first
of which took place in January of this
year, and was won fiy K. H. Gaylord,
then secretary of the San Francisco Golf
Club. The second was held in February
and was won by S. I* Abbot Jr. The,
coming contest will probably add a new
name to the list of winners engraved on
the trophy. The qualifying- round for
the competition took place last Saturday,
when the following eight became eligible
to play for the cup: John Lawson, H.
Golcher. H. D. Pillsbury. S. L. Abbot Jr.,
L.. Chenery, H. B. Goodwin, C. R. Wins
low and Worthington Ames. To-day the
players will be matched as follows: C.
R. Wlnslow vs. H. Golcher, L. Chenery
vs. H. B. Goodwin, Worthington Amea
vs. S. L. Abbot Jr. and H. D. Plllsbury
vs. John Lawson. The ¦winners In the
opening round will probably be H.
Golcher, II. B. Goodwin, S. 1,. Abbot Jr.
and John Lawson. The semi-final round
will be played next Saturday and the final
round at a time agreed on between the
contestants.
The "best ball" handicap tournament
for men, which was played last Saturday,
Monday and Tuesday on the links of the
San Rafael Golf Club, produced a very
close contest, R. J. Davis, ¦with a gross
and net score of 42. tying for first place
with Dr. H. O. Howltt. whose score was
46 less 4—42. For second place S. G. Buck
bee, 48 less 4 — 44; Major Charles Christen
sen. 51 less 7—44. and A. A. Curtis, 51 less
7—44, tied. The ties will be played oft to
day. In the ladles' "best ball" tourna
ment Mrs. S. G. Buckbee was first, with
a score of 58 less 12 — 16.
Sausalito Club Ready to
Hold Its First Tourn
ament.
GOLFERS HAVE
MANY EVENTS
ON THE CARD
The work upon the gridiron diirlnp the
past wrek ha* been light. After the ex
cellent showing which the team made
against Reliance Saturday enme a lapse
from heavy practice till Thursday, when
the second team met the big eleven In oie
Of the hottest practice games of the sea
son. The result was a touchdown for e,ach
team, though ihe scrubs made the strong
est showing. Xaramnre proved that the
Varsity's defense was not invulnerable by
breaking through its line for a forty-yard
run. Other men on the second team
who are pleasing the coaches by
their work are Gregory at center,
Wardall at tackle and Parker at
full. Yost is pretty well satisfied for the
present with the offensive work of the
Varsity and is devoting his attention to
matters of defense. The linemen lack the
aptitude to g-»t In under their opponents*
plays, while the backs and ends are slow
in asi-istingand are by no means sure in
tnekiing.
The IJst of injured players has been re
duced by the reappearance of Slaker.
Geissler and De Forest. Though neither
of the three will take part in Saturday's
game, they are able to go through brisk
signal practice. Allen, who has taken
Hill's place at half since the latter went
to fullback? position. Is playing a good
game. These two men. together with
Smith, will compose Stanford's trio of
backs to-morrow against Oregon.
The linemen have shown the most rapid
improvement In the last two weeks. Cen
ter is probably giving the coaches the
most worry. Gregory, the two-hundred
pound freshmsn. who cannot enter the
Varsity li.n on account of being In special
standing, is playlns a phenomenal game
for a first year man. Seeley. Traeger and
Burnett are fast and aggressive, often
breaking through to block plays or tackle
behind the line. • <
The fight for end places is still a three
cornered one between McFadden. Cooper
and Luck, with chances about even. Luck
has made a great Improvement recently
He is fast In getting down the field and a
sure tackier.
The Ariel Rowing Club held a meeting
on Monday night, at which nominations
were made for officers to serve during the
next term. The following were nomin
ated: Fr,r president. E. J. L.ynch; for
vicp 'president, A. \V. Taylor; for financial
secretary, EuganQ Flanders ;«f or recording
secretary. A. Hrown; for captain, .Tames
Wilson; for lieutenant captain. Henry
Wilson; for delegates to the Pacific Asso
ciation of the Amatour Athletic Union,
three to be elected, J. R. Bockman. J. A.
Geddes, John Nolan and I). J. Sheehan;
for directors, live to be elected. W. T.
Howe. N. A. Devoir. Charles Wilson. E.
C. Sternberg. Walter Young, Johnson
Hardy and P. J. Enright. An addition
was made to the fund for building a new
boathouse for the club.
The South End Rowing Club has decided
to expend the sum of $150 In putting its
barges Into repair, so that It may be pos
sible to hold club regattas. .The varying
speeds of the barges will be noted, and
corresponding handicaps given.
the water smooth and* the tide low. The
course was from the Webster-street
bridge to a point on a line with the east
erly fide of Sessions Basin. In the cham
pionship class. Cerf, '03/ beat Foster, "02.
in the second class Delbe.rt, 'Oi, beat
Moore, '04, an3 Hanley. '04, won from
Baird, '02 by default. In the third clasa
Moore, '04, beat I3rum: Breed. '01. defeat
ed Magee, '01. and Hardwell. '04, won from
Smith. Cerf, having beaten his chal
lenger, remains champion of the club for
the coming five weeks, but must defend
his title at the next races. The winners
in the above races have been advanced vto
the clas? above. H. E. Magee, '01, lost his
race because he got off his course and ran
on the mud. Smith, '03, capsized. The
next races, which will take place in the
second week of December, are being
looked fotwanl to with much Interest.
TWO jrridimn matches will be played ,
this afternoon by the big coast :
teams, one at Stanford between i
that college cloven and the Cniver- ,
fitv of Oregon team, the other at the Six- j
¦tee'nth and Folsom street grounds. Call- j
fornia and Reliance fisrurinp as the prm- j
cipals. ,
TV Oregon team is a strong one anri ;
EhoSfl make an intrrc sting gnme for the •
cardinal. Coached by ECaarsberff. the < al
ifnroia tailback of SB and 'I*. Oregon s |
eleven has learned many of the. tricks of,
modern footbal.. Recently in Porttanfl i
tfie Mulinnmah team tell before the I Ol- ,
vrtitr men in what was a grinding Strug- ;
K> The RP.mo In this city -will be tie
last for California on a lucal gridiron un
til Thanksgiving *4y
r.URKKLKY. Nov. last
f i,nif with thP Reliance eleven to-morrow
IS looked forward to with unusual inter
est, after the remarkable shoeing of the
Stanford men a work ago. Opinion as to
the result is strangely at variance. bom*
who ludee by th<* astonishing offensive j
plav of the Varsity during the past fort- j
night \h» brilliant work of the ground
nhjen the perfection of Interference ami ;
•the speed «nd dash put in the execution of j
all "the formations, hope to witness a j
eame as one sided as las=t Saturday s. I
Others do\ibt the full significance of that j
score, and ho:>p to win, but .only by a.
much' smaller margin.
The Varsity"? work can easily be over- ,
rated because K has consisted almost en- ,
ttfiy" <'f offensive work against a weak i
&nd disorganiZ' 0 second eleven, whose all I
round wmk has been too poor to give sat- |
isf i.-torv practice to the first. California s i
defensive work is. at present, an unknown j
.juantity. Mttle attention has been raid J
in it ssret in the <-«a«hing. It may prove
very *C*k Uioigh the presence of a nw-
Jrtity of last, year's veterans will prob
nt4v.be rlle-o Jto<p it sufficiently firm.
Tl><" rr.v;i;ii:ip opinion at Berkeley is that
mnr«> Care will have to be expended on the j
I1n«? to bring it up to the right degree of i
development.
Th»- m:iifrinl for the team has bem
nretis veto B*.K.ed. Womble. Pringle. Corn-
Wt> <"!ay end Aibertson are five sure rn«*n f
on 'tho '.in<-. Pringl" will be out playing
by the middle of the wreck and it is >x- :
ix-.-te,! lbr.1 hi- injured knee will give him j
no troi'V.le. in case he jrives out. Castle
lu;n will be Uie best man to take hit. I
Tho ether two vacancies are left en* i
nr>d rici.t rii.-»rd. Kor the former there j
are four chances: Either Hudson or Dih- i
J)lre both of whom are playing fairly
pood ball, or Starr, who is slowly recover
ing and may yet k*u irto the game in the
last two (rrekft. or I J ill . last year's end.
whose relative? so far have steadily re
fused to let him play spain. Right guard
im probably Stow's. O'Toole has developed
into a stro"ng rival and bids fair to eclipse
both Dunbar and Luc. Hendricks is
another second eleven man of good
behind the line. Smith and More seem j
fixtures. Lrf-ft half and fullback are doubt
ful positions. Duden, Mini. Gammon and !
Fhrrmrm are the candidates for the
former. Duden. with "his greater weight
;.r,.1 superior al: round ability, has a de
cided lead for the place. Gammon's im- j
provement has been one of the features j
of the last week's play, but Mini is still
considered to be somewhat the better. Be
tween Uraley end Fautz. the decision for '
fullback clearly rests on the former, but
! his work is far from satisfactory, and the
1 recently decided eligibility of Overall
I places a .ianpercup rival against him. "1 lie
! latter man Is the host punter on the field,
i a Bmaahir-C line buckcr and remarkably
! sure and steady on the defensive.
The line-up to-morrow will be changed
! frequently. The following men go into
' thc» Kami-: AVomhle. right end: Castlehun.
'' ripht t;(<kle; Row and Dunbar. right
i guard; Cornish, center: Day and O'Toole,
i left guard; Albrrtson. left tackle; Hudson
i and Dfbblee; left end: More and Decoto.
1 ouarter: Mint: and Gammon, left half:
f Smith and Sherman, right half; Bralcy
'¦ jiii.l Pautx, fullback.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Nov. 9.-
COLLEGE ELEVENS
IN MATCH GAMES
THE SAS[ FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1900.
TXT HAT promises: to be the most
\/ spirited and high class plains
meet since th<ur inception Fix
years ago, will be held near
Modesto on Tuesday. Wednesday and
Thursday of noxt week. The coursing
men have given more attention to the
event this year than ever before and the
entry list will be consequently greater and
«f better material. Last y«-ar a thirty-two
ilot; stake was run. The present one will
very liktiy figure in the nineties. All Mo
desto is ready for the coursing men and
there will be a general good time in store
for the visitors.
The draw for the stake will take place
this evening at Pythian Castle. The en
trance fee of $5 and $700 added money will
make a prize list well worth capturing.
Tho?e who will offlclativat the meeting
;:re: John Grace. Judge: J^tpes Grace and
<"harlos Griswrtld. slippers: slip steward.
R.L- Taylor: flap: stewards. Al Grace and
Joe Harp; Held stewards'. Georffe H. Bert
ram TV. C l.opoz, F. J. Carmichael.
<;<>orge Malcolm. YV. Manning: field mar
shals. William Flynn. A. B. Shoemake.
The following is a partial list of the
Cogs that will be entered, and their
'-wners:
Curtis & Son— McKinlfy and Cash: R. E.
de R. Lopez— Dairy Maid, Diablo. Minne-
4
CLUBS.
i
§ ft
_i_
3
— — I—
I
I
—
Sacramento 45 32
San Francisco 42 39
Btockton 37 42
Oakland : 37 4S
Si
79
85
.584
.518
.465
.435
CLUBS.
i
§ ft
_i_
3
— — I—
I
I
—
Sacramento 45 32
San Francisco 42 39
Btockton 37 42
Oakland : 37 4S
Si
79
85
.584
.518
.465
.435Water Tank Collapses.
RICHMOND, Va.. Nov. 9.-At Milford
Caroline County", a railway water tank
fell over on the pumphouse, killing YV
NJ Gregory and John B. Clinely, plum
bers, and severely Injuring I. w. Cox the
pumpman, and a negro laborer named
Harry Brown. The accident was causal
by the giving way of the foundation of the
tank. ¦ • -.-".' .,-:• .">' : .'•• :•'¦¦¦.
BBIDES AND BRIDES
MAIDS! See next Sunday's
Call! It will\ contain photo
graphs of this season's brides
and bridesmaids. Cupid has
been very busy in San Francis
co society, and by special per
mission from him The Call EX
CLUSIVELY will present the
fair targets of his darts.
JACK KANE WINS FROM
TTTRNER ON A FOUL
Colored Han Was Outclassed and
Persisted in Illegal Tactics
Throughout the Fight.
DENVER, Nov. 9.— Jack Kane and Eu
gene Turner (colored), both of San Fran
cisco, fought before the Olympic Club
here to-night, Kane winning on a foul in
the third round. The bout was scheduled
for ten rounds, and Kane had decidedly
the better of it and would have whipped
his man fairly had the tight continued.
The few leads that Turner attempted
were easily blocked by Kane, and In the
second round Kane nearly finished the
business with several killing punches over
Turner's kidneys. After that Turner
tried to choke off Kane's wind and In
dulged in further foul tactics. In the
third round he threw his arms around
Kane's neck and pulled him to the floor,
falling upon his head heavily. He then
proceeded to punch Kane while holding
him on the floor, and Referee Cullen
pulled him off and awarded the fight
to Kane.
• Kane was very anxious to have the fight
continue, and in this was urged on by the
crowd, which hooted and Jeered Turner
as he stood in his corner. Cullen would
not consent to allow the fight te go on,
and the police stepped In and cleared the
ring, and thereby prevented what threat
ened to terminate In serious trouble.
Turner succeeded In persuading Kane
to shake hands with him before tney left
the ring. Rufe Turner of Stockton, Cal.,
challenged the winner of the fight.
CLOVERDALE PIONEER
SWALLOWS STRYCHNINE
Albert M. Harmon's Attempt to End
His Life Likely to Prove
Successful.
CLOVERDAI.E. Nov. 9.— Albert M. Har
mon, aged CS years, attempted suicide this
morning by taking strychnine. He is
alive, but his recovery Is doubtful.
Harmon came to California with his
father and three brothers in 1S50 from
Missouri. He mined for several years
and moved to Mendoc'no County about
thirty years ago. The brothers returned
to Missouri. Harmon yesterday requested
Marsha! Orr to call at Ms house at 10
o'clock this morning. He conversed
cheerfully for awhile and then offered Orr
his watch, saying he would have no fur
ther use for it. Orr refused to accept It.
but when requested to take It for his boy
he did so. When he called at th* cabin
this morning he found Harmon In con
vulsions.
Harmon was taken to the County Hos
pital at Santa Ro?a this afternoon by
Marshal Orr. • *
Murderer iis Hanged.
'WASHINGTON. Nov. 9.— Frank W.
Funk was hanged at the district Jail tor
NEW YORK, Nov. 9.— In connection
with the answer of Mayor Van Wyck to
the charges against him filed with Gov
ernor Roosevelt regarding his alleged Im
proper connection with the American Ic«
Company, the World to-day prints a tele
gram purporting to have been sent by B.
B. Odell, chairman of the Republican
State Committee and nominee of the Re
publican State Convention for Governor,
to Roosevelt, as follows:
"September 26, 1000. To Theodore Rooee
velt. Governor of New York, Cripple
Creek, Colorado. Wire Attorney General
Davies to be sure not to give out to the
reporters the Van Wyck answer at this
time. It must be held until after the elec
tion fs over. This would imperil us and
get us Into a useless tangle. I have also
wired Davies. B. B. ODEL.U"
A reporter called on Governor Roose
velt at his home In Oyster Bay to-day and
asked him as to the genuineness of the
telegram given above. The Governor de
clined to make any statement beyond call
ing attention to the fact that about ten
days before election he had said to news
paper reporters that there was no possible
objection to Mayor Van Wyck giving out
his answer. As far as he was concerned,
the usual custom would be followed, and
the answer together with any communi
cation with the Attorney General would
be made public at the same time the de
cision was given out.
Mr. Odell was asked at his home
in Newburgh to-day to affirm or deny the
authenticity of the telegram, but refused
to make any statement at this time.
In the letter of Attorney General Da
vies to Governor Roosovelt. dated Octo
ber 4, communicating the answer of May
or Wyck, the Attorney. General says: !
The -layor by his answ6r admits that
during his incumbency of th,e office he
has been the owner of shares of stock In
the American Ice Company. He also ad
mits that during the period in which he
was the owner of stock the American Ice
Company had contracts with the city for
the sale of Ice to various departments of
the city and for the leasing of docks be
longing to th* city. In my opinion the
owner of stock in the corporation is in
terested within the meaning of that word
as employed in section 1533 of the Greater
New York charter in a contract between
the corporation and the city."
Further on in his letter to the Governor
the Attorney General says: "In order to
justify the Mayor's removal I do not be
lieve that it Is necesary to establish a
case against him upon which he could be
convicted of a torm under the provisions
of section 1533 above referred to. but I do
believe there should be clear and satis
factory evidence of his moral guilt.
"It is of the utmost importance that no
further proceedings should be taken in
this matter unless you are satisfied that
the charges can be sustained. The Mayor
of the greatest city in America should not
be humiliated by being placed upon trial
upon charges which are groundless and
which ' cannot be proved. Under these
circumstances and in view of the fact
that the charges are made upon informa
tlon and belief, and considering the great
expense both to the Mayor and the
H ta^ e K Ir i Volved in ' s1J ch a trial. I believe
that before a commissioner is appointed
or ajiy further proceedings taken in the
matter, you should require the petitioners
v,.^ 06 . 1 ' 0^, in P osse s»ion of evidence
™ m 4 sta " din 5 al °ne and undisputed
would Justify the removal of the Mayor
In my Judgment the Mayor's answer
should not be made puhlic at this time. Ai
I have already stated iis denials and alle
gations are clear and txpllcit and it might
a i °i n i Ce K be^. su ?Bested that the charges
should be dismissed or that a commis
sioner should at once be appointed and the
Mayor given a speedy opportunity to ex
onerate himself.
\ou are powerless to act in this matter
during your absence from this State
iou cannot appoint a commissioner until
you reach this State and I am Informed
that Mr Woodniff will decline to SS™he
responsibility of appointing one."
Governor-elect Odell came to this city
to-night and when asked about the tele
gram said to have been sent by him to
Governor Roosevelt to suppress the an
swer of Mayor Van Wyck to tho '*ce
trust" charges said: e
r^"^! 1 ? t^S lle ? ed lele Sram is signed 'B. B.
Odell.' That is not my name. I never slen
my name in any other way but *B.B. Ode
Jr. My father's name Is B. B. Odell I
asked my father if he had sent such a
telegram and he said he had not. I do not
know of any other B. B. Odell
¦'Every one who knows me knows that
all my earnest efforts were put forward
for the election of McKinley and Roo«=e-
7 el %* Ui 1 t know ! n V way to add nfty v ote*
to McKinley and Roosevelt I would do it
Even if I had sent that telegram what
does it amount to? I have had an investi
gation made In this office (State head
quarters), but no record has been founl
of any such communication to Governor
Roosevelt while he was at Cripple Creek "
VAN WYCK'S REPLY TO CHARGES
BRINGS OUT QUEER TELEGRAM
Dispatch Signed Odell, but the Governor-
Elect Denies Authorship.
uifSjTenTngT tUTlones; three-year-old, and
931 603Gllssando 103
743 Southern Girl.. 96 1203 Kettle Clark... 96
-••• Limelight 104 120S Decoy 99
»« Mcntallade lOl| ms Asian A(X
9S3 Afamada 1C7 (1287)Panamlnt 110
1274 Jennie Reid 1C4 7S2 Alee .96
' Sixth race— Seven furlongs; three-year-olds
ana upward: purse:
"f§ Headwater 114i 1285 Modrine in
]?£ u ' b of OoId..iM! 1201 Imp. Mistral 11.112
11S1 Tizona 104! 12S2 Wooster Boy... 109
Possible Winners.
First race— Miss Rowena, Mocorlto. Redwald
P^cond race— Expedient. Canejo. Torsida,
Third race— Bedeck. Canmore, Homage
Fourth race— Gur.falen, Itosormcnde, Morir.el
Fifth race— Afamada, Asian, Southern Girl '
Sixth race— Modrine, Woogter Boy. Hea'd-
Second race — One mile; three-year-olds and ,
upward; selling:
1301 Canejo S4! 12S6 Torslda 107
<13o;)Campus 106J 1207 H'doo Princess. 94
1237 Kxr*disnt 94: 11«S Whaleback 99
11« Tea Calvert 99 1301 Dr. .Marks 9»
1303 The Buffoon 9S 1293 I^etlger 8S
11S9 San Augustine. 99 13C2 Dolore 99
Third race— Produce Exchange Stakes; two-
S'ear-ol<ls; six furlongs:
Scalljr«-ag no U6i Homag-e 110
12?4 Graiter 110 1305 Canmore 113
12C7 Diderot 110 .... Bedeck 118
.... Brutal 103 130S Irate 110
130? Nellie. Fore5t...ll0 12?3 Tenny Belle. ...110
Fourth race — Cadmus Handicap; three-year
olds and upward: mile and a sixteenth:
(12S;,iThe Frmer....ll"> 1303 Mcrlnel 103
127> E-leardo SS «130S)Malay 106
!2>3 Ropormcnde ...110 12?S Gonfalon 113
Time— H.: 13; fi .JS7**\ %, 1:03: »*. 1::9H. Gooa «u.rt. Won first three drtvine winner
Bums & /V\ attrhou*? s b. g. by imp. St. Andrew-Extract. Ransch astride E«"ence had to
.aw wooo the last furlong:. Moringa not the horee of old. Mcntanus no speed 1 Sa-Vm
1811. SIXTH RACE— Seven furlonga; gelling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $300.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 9.— Bishop Henry
C. Potter of New York testified to-day be
fore the Industrial Commission. He spok©
on sweat shops, arbitration and other
questions. He said he had more confi
dence In voluntary organizations to meet
evils that grow out of the sweat shops,
systems than in legislation. He advocated
a permanent commission to mediate be
tween capitalists and labor organizations,
and was disinclined to favor compulsory
arbitration. With .reference to the recent
anthracite coal strike, the Bishop was
asked for his remedy for differences where
employers absolutely reject every attempt
at mediation with employes, especially
where the public at large would suffer
from the cessation of operations incident
to the dispute.
"I know no coercive measure that I
could recommend to meet such a condi
tion," he replied.
He placed more value In sound public
opinion solving the trouble than any co
ercive measures and thought the remedy
really lay in the intelligent organization
of labor. Compulsory arbitration, he con
ceded, was less an evil than a long- strike
or a lockout. He commended the disposi
tion of worklngmen to accept any sugges
tion looking to settlements with employ
ers. There was a general feeling among
employers, he said, in favor of organiza
tion among employes, attributable both
to a spirit of fairness and a preference to
deal with a responsible union rather than
with individuals.
He commended the organization of
chambermaids in the West to ascertain
the solvency and character of employers.
Labor, he said. Is not well rewarded vol
untarily by any one. That was the key
note of the labor question.
Appears Before the Indus
trial Commission in
Washington.
BISHOP POTTER'S
VIEWS OK LABOR
day for the murder of William Brooks on
June 23, I&a8- He robbed his victim of ail
his savings, about J2000, and also murder
ously assaulted the latter 1 * wife. His vic
tims were aged people.
Wins in Four Rounds.
CHICAGO, Nov. 9.— Patsy Broderick of
Providence R. I., lasted but four rounds
In front of Benny Yanger. the "Tlpton
Slasher," In a fight to-night at tlie Illi
nois Athletic Club. A left to the stom
ach and a right to the- Jaw put Broderick
down and out. Broderick was outclassed
all the way. Tanger left the ring with
out even having his hair mussed.
Earthquakes Jar Westport.
WESTPORT, Nov. 9.— Two heavy
shocks of earthquake occurred here last
evening at 8:15 and 8:30 o'clock, with
lesser shocks at Intervals.
Shooting of the Stockton Saloon-
GEORGE WILL RECOVER.
Keeper Due to Trivial Quarrel.
STOCKTON, Nov. 9.— Isaac George,
who was shot at Farmington last night
by Mlllard Moore, a saloon-keeper, prob
ably will recover. Further particulars
of the shooting are to the effect that the
men were quarreling over a statement
Moore said George had made about
Hoou. an assistant barkeeper just en
gaged by Moore. George had charged
that Hood had been "bumming" off him
for two days. Moore called Hood in and
repeated the charge to him, and then
George denied that he had said It. The lie
was passed and Moore threw a beer
glass at George, w«.o dodged behind the
bar. As he came up again Moore shot
him, the bullet glancing from the left
shoulder into the head near the ear.
Moore, who Is in jail, had been drink-
Ing heavily since Sunday. He refuses
to talk of the shooting.
NEW MOVE MADE IN" THE
WICKERSHAM WILL CONTEST
Court Asked to Revoke an Order Dis-
tributing Property Worth
$75,000.
SANTA ROSA. Xov. 9.— Another movo
in the Wickersham will contest case was
made in the courts here to-day. In Sep
tember the Superior Court granted a par
tial distribution of the estate to the heirs
Fred A. Wickersham, Lizzie C. Wicker
sham and May L. Bergevin. The portion
ordered distributed was about $75,000. To
day a notice of motion was filed, whereby
the court will be asked to revoke and
set aside the order.
Mrs. Cora L. Wlckersham, widow of
the late Frank P. Wickersham. and
mother and guardian of his young son,
Isaac G. Wickersham Jr., is the one mak
ing the motion.
BRAKEMAN CAMPBELL DIES.
Third Victim of the Railway Wreck
Near Roseburg.
ROSEBURG. Or., Nov. 9.— Brakeman
Charles Campbell, who was Injured in the
wreck yesterday, died last night. The
doctors give little encouragement for ihe
recovery of Engineer Drennan. Fireman
Riddle's condition ¦ Is very serious ana
brain fever is threatened. The funeral of
Engineer Hendrlcks was held this after
noon. The body of Fireman Wilhelm was
taken to Portland last night for inter
ment there.
To Pay Irrigation District Debt.
TULARE., Nov. 9.— An enthusia?Uc
meeting of the taxpayer* of the Tulare
Irrigation District was held here to-day
to consider a plan for the settlement of Us
bonded debt. It resulted In the appoint
ment of a committee consisting of E. L!
Pond of San Francisco, C. W. Quilty cf
San Jose, J. W. Davis, J. Stewait and
C. L. Russell of Tulare, with full powers
to act In furtherance of plans of com
promise and report at a suosequent meet
ing. Many non-resident taxpayers were
present.
Held to 'the Grand Jury.
PHOENIX, Ariz., Nov. 9.— Tho exam
ination of Mrs. Claire Einford and E. M.
Harris, the Los Angeles elopers, was held
to-day before United States Court Com
missioner Crenshaw and both were held
to the United States Grand Jury, which
is now in session. No action has yet been
taken by the Grand Jury. Judge C. C
McComas and wife, parents of Mrs. Biti
ford, arrived here this morning from Lg*
Angeles.
Vallejo's Ratification.
VALLEJO. Nov. 9.— The Republicans of
Mare Island and Vallejo held their rati
fication of the election of McKinley ana
Roosevelt here to-night and an elaborate
affair it was. They gathered at Farragut
Theater and marched to the residence of
Senator-elect J. J. Luchslnger, whom
they escorted back to the theater. There
an immense throng had gathered The
speakers were Judge A. J. Buckles of
Sulsun. Senator Luchsinger and Hon
T. B. Hutchinson of Napa.
Local Option a Failure.
REDDING, Nov. 9.-The residents of
Fall River Township in northeastern
Shasta County have reached the cow
elusion that local option in the matter of
saloons is a failure and have petitioned
the Supervisors to repeal tht ordinance.
They contend the law is being openly vio
lated without prosecution following and
that the county is losing $300 a year which
it should receive for licenses
Washington's Vote.
SEATTLE, Nov. 9.— Under the method
of locking up ballots for the official count
in this State, the popular vote will not
be known until Monday. The majorities
reported from the counties show the fol
lowing: McKinley, 9i8S; Rogers (D ) for
Governor 3220 ? These figures, will be
changed but little in final reports The
Legislature will be 70 Republicans out of
a total membership of 112.
Tuolumne's Complete Rsturns.
SONORA, Nov. 9.— Complete returns for
Tuolumne County give Bryan 1553. Mc-
Kinley 1333. Sproul (Dem.), for Congresa
1523; Woods (Rep.), 119S. Barron. the Pro
hibition candidate, will have in the neigh
borhood of 150 votes. Being a Tuolumno
County man and formerly .a Republican
h , e . dre jy h l a v <>te8 from Wood», receiving
43 la his bom* prcclaet."
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Postmasters Appointed.
Pensions Granted, Postal Changes and
WASHINGTON, Xov. 9.— Postmaster
appointed: California — Anglola, Tulare
County, J. C. Mannock, vice Frank A.
Davis, resigned.
The gross receipts of the San Francisco
Po3tofilce for October, as announced to
day, were $35,407, an Increase of $11,820,
or 14.1 per cent, over October of last year.
The postal receipts at Los Angeles last
mouth were $23,345. an increase of $3S29.
or 19.6 per cent, over the same month last
year.
Postmasters commissioned: Oregon —
Herman Grossheim, Barnegat; Washing
ton—Charles W. Bonnell, Fall City.
Postofflce name changed: Washington-
Wallace, Snohomlsh County, to Startup;
Truman E. Wise commissioned post
master.
E. P. Klncald of San Diego and F. S
Wlghtman of Custer, Wash., have been
appointed railway mall clerks.
John H. Blohme of Oakland has been
appointed draftsman in the Treasury De- !
partment.
Pensions granted: California— Original-
Gerard B. Fagan. Downey, $6. Increase-
John W. Dugger, Colfax. $13. War with
Spain— John E. Broderick, San Fran
cisco, $12.
Oregon— Additional— Henry/Landschooft.
Florence, HO.: I
Washington — Original — Scott Phillips,
Wenatchee, $6; Andrew J. Madden, Gar
field, $8.
BOILER-MAKERS' STRIKE
IN RAILROAD SHOPS
Sixty Men in the Southern Pacific
Employ at Sacramento Quit
Work.
SACRAMENTO. Nov. S.— Sixty men and
apprentices belonging to the Boiler-mak
ers' union walked out of the Southern
Pacific Railroad Company's boller-mak
lng department in this city to-day. Early
this morning a committee from the ulnon
waited upon the foreman and demanded
that he employ a boiler-maker as one of
the six men now engaged in manipulat
ing the hydraulic rivet. The men at
present so employed do not belong to the
union and are not under the direction
of a boiler-maker. Their pay averages
between 22«^ and 25 cents an hour, while
that of the boiler-maker is S3 cents an
hour. The demand was refused and the
walkout followed.
Action In sympathy with the strike la
not expected from the other unions rep
resented in the great railroad plant,
where about 3000 men are now em
ployed.
ALMOST ASPHYXIATED
IN LARGE WINE CASK
3>eath by a Brother's Prompt
Action.
San Geronimo Child Saved From
SAN RAFAEL. Nov. 9.— Carmen Mez
zini, a small daughter of Antone Mezzlni.
was nearly asphyxiated In a large wine
cask at her father's place above San
Geronimo this morning. She was rescued
by her little brother, Pietro, who dragged
her out and ran for help. /
The two children were playing about
the cask, which had been emptied and
was tipped up to be cleaned. The little
girl sought to explore the Interior and
crawled into it. After a few minutes
Pietro heard her breathing heavily and
getting no response to his calls, he leaned
over the edge of the opening and saw his
little sister prostrate. Seizing her by. the
foot, the little fellow pulled and tugged
until he brought her forth into the fresh
air. He then ran for help. After consider
able labor the child was resuscitated and
pronounced out of danger.
Election Bettors Fare Badly.
PETALUMA, Nov. 9.— Emll Diebner and
Peter Lynch, young men of this city, had
a bet on the general election, and Lynch,
who lost, to-day paid the penalty by
wheeling Diebner through the main
streets in a wheelbarrow. Young men
about town were ready for the principals
when they appeared on the street, and a
varied assortment of antiquated eggs and
soft tomatoes were showered upon victor
and vanquished alike. When the wheel
barrow procession finished the course. It
had the appearance of an over-ripe ome
let.
Flower and Baby Show.
PETALUMA, Nov. 9.— The flower festi
val and baby nhow, one of the social at
tractions of the season, opened here to
night under the auspices of the Woman's
Relief Corps of Antietam Post. The ex
hibition is held at Armory Hall, which is
prettily decorated. The prominent man
agers of the fete are Mrs. Henry John
son. Mrs. J.* L. Winans, Mrs. Samuel Rodd
and Mrs. H. R. Coate. The festival is for
the raising of funds for charitable pur
poses. The fairest of the city's babies
will be exhibited to-morrow afternoon.
Stanford Amendment Popular.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 9.— Upon the
strength of the ballots already counted
and pro rata estimates on those re
maining uncounted, it is safe to say that
the Stanford amendment was carried in
this city by a majorit- of at least 6300,
and in the county b>\ 11.000.
Mono County's Vote.
BRIDGEPORT,' (Nov. 9.— Mono County
returns, two precincts missing, show the
following results: McKinley 243. Bryan
232; for Congress. .Woods -237. Sproul 239;
for Assemblyman, Musser- (R.) 235, Mil
ler (D.) 26a
T 'i^~^<- ( :J31i: *&• n S: T S - , 1:P31 » : ?s. 1:30^. Goo<i start. Won easily, Second and third driv-
K ; "> nn «>".,»- B. Jennings & Co.'g oh. c. by Imr. Midlothlan-Loleta. Winner scored in
waltz time. Kingston ran in spots and place?. Barney not ready. Others outclassed.
!.-{<>»¦ FOURTH RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; three- year-olds and upward; purse. $400.
I ii>«"i i : =
w% i^i.h'- I "v .' Fa L r start ' on ta - sl l>'- Second and third driving. Winner,
£>h i. i f ?' g ' y lmi> - St ' Andr ew-Ottyanna. Andrattus beat his company away.
Durk slipped a foot from one stirrup.
i:tOM. THIRD KACE-Slx furlonga; selling; two-year-olds; purse. $400.
V^^~h' i? 4 *i : '?' k ?H: 1:1<I 4- GooJ start - Won easily. Second and third driving. Wln
? -ii A 018 ' m " , Llarendon^ oltando. Rice can beat winner. Jingle unable to raise
a pallop. She apparently likes a hard track.
i:»)7. SECO.N'D RACE-Slx furlongg; selling; three-year-olJs and up; purse, J350.
T \Tf^, 3 »i 6 ' Sli : "i- 1S> :i i : ?*'• 1:10^- Good start. Won cleverly. Second andthlrd driving.
hV^?h?h 7 f n 11 '/' by I-eonatus-Trolka. Winner much the best. Was pocketed
on£ »nth«« until -three furlongs from home. Mainstay could have won at five fur-
J^^^nthonynospee^Zara a bad one. Considerable delay at post
1SOO. FIRST RACE-Flve and a half furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and up; purse, $300.
J1 JT*r*:. ;-* : , r- : ' jl * : %»"«"*! mile. l:44H. Good start. Won first three driving Winner
F. T. Nichols" ch. m., by Apache-RIIL Lena is a modern Hindoo on a dead t«ck. £££
r-omo !s one of the improving sort. OpfK>n«-nt was a disappointment to his stable. Going
dldnotsultMerryBoy^Scratched— Macy IN. Alaska 1C5. Limelight 10S. . s"«"' e - «*o>n B
1»1O. FIFTH RACE— One mile; selling; four-year-olda and upward; purge, $350.
"Y" thus far the prog
\ / \ / nostications of the
\/ \/ weather prophets have
Y y failed to happen aa
prophesied. the old- j
timers of the turf, with their weather- :
beaten faces seamed and furrowed, shake j
their heads knowingly and say a merry i
wnr fmong the s-elling-plater owners will i
Boon be on. "Plunger 11 McManus set the !
ball in motion when some days ago he i
bid up Sam Hildreth's Bangor." At Oak- I
;ana track yesterday Dunblane, a good
looking Midlothian colt from Walter Jen
nings' stable, bowled over a field at seven
luriongs. starting a 9 to 10 choice. Frank I
IJoss then took a hand in the game, blu
eing the winner up from $000 to $1CK>.'. The ]
trouble between those two owners bfgan :
-t Tarforan Park last season, when Do«s
pave this same colt a "boost." and Jen- j
inr.ps retaliated by claiming l>e-ov from !
tL s ' A!bert Simons is here and 'is said :
to be camping on the trail of Alex Shields |
for navir.g claimed Sir Kingston from J
fcirnons a few weeks ago at Chicago. Tim I
.Murphy, now a plunger of note, will soon i
le here from the Kast. and report says
will never rest content until he has
rtriycn Simons from the selling-race di
yj EIOn ' When all the forces have assem
bled and the big guns ro;ir. what fun
there will be for the associations.
The card was light and fluffy, serving as i
a medium for four favorites to scramble '
over ihe plate. Several well-backed place j
horscr also finished as figured by the tal- i
cnt. and the bookies lost another arg;u- !
xr.ent. The track was heavy and lifeless. (
a'xwuntlng fcr the slow time made.
Bookmaker Caesar Young's gelding ;
Jianiel hit up wifh an indifferent collec- I
ti^>n of cheap ones in the introductory ,
t print. Backed from twos to even money, j
he wad»d through the band in the stretch. '
v.ir.ning cleverly from Ting-a-L»ing and ,
M:p. C.
Beyond question the most distinct jar j
felt by the crowd during the afternoon i
exercises was the ignominious downfall
Of Jir.^-Je Jingle. The mare was backed j
to take the sooond event as If it were all
over and failed to ever show in better j
than third position. • Jack Martin made ,
all the running with t'iarando. beating j
the mildly ridden Mike Rice by a couple |
cf lengths. Gusto, a U to 1 outsider, was i
third.
Andrattus, which now appears to be !
'in his best form, ran away from Seide !
tnd five other youngsters in the two- ;
year-old dash. One to two was the best
laid against the winner. A fair price j
could h*? had about Seide for the place, i
vhich he took from Kingstelle hands :
down.
Although Sir Kingston was accorded
considerable support to win the event fol
lowing xhf big money went into the books j
on Dunblane. Mounce never let out his i
¦wraps on the latter colt, finishing lengths '
in advance of Meadow Lark. Sir Kings
ton displayed intermittent bursts of
ereed.
Old Lena struck a track that was ju&t
her number, taking the mile selling run
In a hard drive from Loconomo. which
horse led to the stretch. A wall-devel
oped plunge on Merry Boy. cutting his
o<Jds from 3 to S to o availed naught,
for the chestnut horse seemed all at sea
in the heavy footing.
Burns & Waterhouse took the last
purse with Essence. Ransch had the geld
ing in front almost from the jump, and.
although given a rub by Goldone the last
furlong, earned the verdict by nearly a
lenjrth. Stuart astride Morlnga captured
third-rla^e honors.
Track Notes.
B. J. Johnson, the Chicago turfman and
former partner of George Hanklns, Is
p.m'ir.g the more recent arrivals.
Johnny Schorr stepped off the train at
< "akland Thursday night and yesterday
v ent out to Ingleside track to see how
i-.i* horses were doing. The string Is in
charge of Johnny Murphy, a very capa
blc young trainer.
J. \V. Wilson oi Sacramento, former as
tociate Judce at lr.gleside. paid Oakland
track a visit yesterday.
Mr. CaMwell's splendid starting during
the week ha* evoked praise from every
body. The fields have been dispatched
promptly, allowing the crowds to reach
this side of the bay at 5:30 o'clock.
Jack Newman of St. Louis and his part
r.er. ••Bill" Eagan. dropped into town from
£t. Louis by last evening's overland train.
Jack enjoyed a hiphly successful season
and will probably cut in at Oakland next
drawing. Tom Moloney and Charley
BuRles will form part of the crew. Years
back iloloney was a baseball pitcher in
ore of the miner Eastern league?.
Ranscfa on Antoinette took a run at the
barrier while at the post and v. - as snapped
off the filly's hack for hi? pains.
Mour.ce nnd Ransch divided the saddle
honors, each riding a brae? cf winners.
Bookmaker Johnny Col email "doped"
five of the nix winners, cashing every bet
be made on the outside.
Of the splendid card presented race
p^er.= this afternoon the Produce Ex
char.gr* stnke 1= the feature. Bedeck will
meet '.he flower of the California fxn
year-olds and there will be much speeu
2f tinjr over thp result. The Cadmus handi
r^r* likewise brjngs a great sextet to
pother.
FcUowtn^ are to-day'p entries:
First rac« — Flvp furlong*: e!1 a^es; purs«:
Srrrr irunt Ill 1*76 Gart« 115
Em!!e Zola 11; (132)3flsa nowpna...H7
:i»^ I Don't Kbov^UZ 12S; February 112
<!r3)Redwald X10 995 Tingimi 107
:r>S Ala« UJ i?$; Mrorito 112
By IF 1 . E. 3^tTJIjI3:OJ_jT_j-A.2^T3.
26S^EJ!i£5IS^"L^f!]^ er '--Weather fine. Track heavy,
THE CALL'S RACING CHART
TALENT IS NOW WORSTING
THE BOOKIES AT OAKLAND
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SPOKANE, Wash., N'ov. 9.\v dispatch
from Wilbur, Wash., to-night tells the
story of a tragedy as the result of a
feud of long standing. In which one man
was killed about a year ago and his slayer
bled to death Wednesday afternoon from
the effects of a bullet sent by the aveng
ing brother of the man who was murdered
last year.
Wednesday, afternoon a team owned by
David Speegle walked slowly into town
drawing a wagon. Lying over the side
of the wagon box was the body of
Speegle. His life blood had spurted over
the wheels and upon the side of the
wagon. He was still breathing, but died
soon after being taken from the wagon.
A terrible hole in th.e neck showed the
cause of his death.
Speegle was hauling gravel from an ad
jacent hill to Wilbur and the day after
election took Ed Beardon with him to the
pit. On the last trip Mr. Beardon was
seated on the wagon with him. The team
was coming down a hill and Speegle had
the reins in one hand and the rope con
nected with the brake in the other.
When nearly at the bottom of the hill
William Phoenix rode up to the two men.
He immediately pulled a revolver and
commenced tiring. Twice he hit Speegle,
one shot passing through the abdomen
and the other inflicting a ghastly wound
in the neck.
Beardon jumped from the wagon and
ran for his life. Speegle fell over the
side of the wagon, but his body was held
in by the seat. The horses proceeded to
town with the wagon, keeping to the
road. The blood from the wounds left a
gory trail to town. Phoenix rode to Hell
Oate Canyon, where he is residing.
Two years ago Speegle, who was over
fond of the society of married women,
became so attentive to the wife of one of
the Phoenix boys that they remonstrated.
A quarrel followed, in which Speegle shot
and killed the husband and the brother
has been waiting ever since to kill
Speegle.
Wilbur people sympathize with the
Phoenix family.
Climax of a Long and Bitter Feud
That Had Its Inception in
Infatuation, for &
David Speegle of Spokane
Shot to Death by
W. Phoenix.
AVENGES MURDER
OF HIS BROTHER
BASEBALL, RACING
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDDING, Xov. 9.— An alarming report
reached Redding this evening to the ef
fect that the great .Iron Mountain mine
was on fire in every level. If wholly true
this would have meant the greatest dis
aster that had ever befallen . Shasta
County. It has since been ascertained
that only one level is burning, known as
the Peck tunnel. •
The fire was discovered yesterday at 1
o'clock. One hundred men who were
working in that level were laid off that
afternoon. There are no facilities at
hand to Hood the level with water and so
far as is known at this hour the manage
ment is forced to let the tire take its
course, for the present at least. Work la
still proceeding in all the other levels.
It was the fact of being compelled to
¦work ten-hour shifts In the excessive heat
of the Peck tunnel which precipitated the
recent strike that spread to ail parts of
the mine, causing a complete suspension
of work and throwing out over 360 men.
The strike failed and was called off.
it is supposed that the waste lime rock,
used to till in worked-out portions of the
mine, becoming saturated with moisture,
generated enough heat to ignite the tim
bers left standing in the ltiled in. drifts.
This is the only explanation that mining
mer\ ; acquainted with the situation here
have' to offer. The ore contains a large
percentage of sulphur and burns readily
wheittignited in the open-atr roasters.
Th^ tunnel is the upper of three
levels driven in on the side of the moun
tain. It is connected by a shaft with
the next level below, known as the Copper
level. It was in this tunnel that nine
men lost their lives by a cave-In some
months ago. The intense heat that has
bothered the miners in the Peck tunnel is
absent in the Copper level and it. is be
lieved that the fire will not be communi
cated from the upper to the succeeding
level.
Appearances indicate that the mine
management is not much alarmed over
the situation. The lire, even should it
assume graver proportions, cannot affect
the smelting plant by shutting: off the ore
supply f«r a long time to come. A com
filete suspension of work, which is entire
y improbable, would be most disastrous
to the prosperity of Shasta County.
No Alarm at the Situation, as It Is
Believed the . Flames Can Be
Confined to -the Point
of Origin.
Chemical Action Ignites the
Lime Rock in the Peck
-
IRON MOUNTAIN
MINE ON FIRE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, ¦¦•NOVEMBER 10, 1900.
5
x j Horse. Age. Weight. (l>st St. U- M. Str. Fin.
r
Jockeys.
Op.
Op.
— Bett!
III.
- Betting
III. Cl.
ting
Cl.
PI.'
PI.'
744
1«4
195
.143
797
in
• Daniel, 3 1041 2 8 ... 7 h 3 U 1 u,
;Ttn S -n-Llnsr. 3.. .104 4 5 6 1 45 11
Ijj™. C. 3 106 5 1 ... 2 1 h 3*4
I Mainstay, a 1H 93 ... 13 J £ 45
(Mountain Dew. 4.119 3 4 ... 31; 53 g?
: St. Anthony. 3.. .114 8 7 ... SS 6h 6n
, jHamto. 3 114 7 6 ... 5 H ? 1 7 2
I-ew Zara. 3 104 12 ... 44 S4 8 6
|l.ady Maud. 3....1141 69 ... 99 9
Mounce
J. Woods....
RufbpII
Fallehy
J. l>aly
Domlnlck ..
Tullett ..'...
Fauntleroy .
Cannell ....
5-2
7
20
10
5
7
S
20
5-2
18-5
30
60
30
8
8
8
60
1
1S-5
20
40
30
8
8
7
60
1-2
1
8
15
12
3
3
3
15
nd*x j Horse. Age, Weight. PstlSt.
H. %• Str. Fin.
Jockeys.
Ov.
- Bettlnp »
HJ. Cl. PI.
3IS6 .Clarando, 4 104 5 3
1293 Mike Rice, a 103 4 4
:JS1 Gusto. 3 102 6 5
1279) IjinKle Jingle. 4.. .109 1 2
11^9 Mor«>l!a, 3 104 •> 6
•„:•• Fannle E. 4 103 3 1
... 11 12 12
2 1 2 1H 2 3
4 4 3 »i 3 6
3 2 4 4 4 «
6 5 2 5 3.
• ¦¦ 51 6 6
J. Martin..
Tnllett
Stuart
Doralnick ..
LrfJBue
Vlck'ery . . . .
2
6
5
6-5
10
20
S3 4-5
6.5 6-5
10 10 -3
6-5 4-5 7-20
30 30 10
100 75 .' SO
23>1
!9t>
25<1
3SS i
25;
2St j
i |PO.|
¦Horse and Weight. PstiSt.
'Andrattus 105 6 1
jSeide 104 2 2
Kingstelle 103 3 3
;Iratc 101 4 5
jLurera jfli i 4
Invictus no 5 7
IXellie For»»t 10a| ? 6
1 3
2 3
... 3 1
.:. 5 3
4 2
III 6 3
Str.
1 4
2 5
S4
4 1
6 1
r. 3
Fin.
1 4
2 4
3 8
4 1
5 '-
Jockeys.
Domlnick
J. Woods.
Buchanan
Mounce ...
J. Daly
Stuart
tBurk
/ BetUng ,
Op. Hi. CL PI.
1-2 1-2 2-5 —
5 6 11-2 6-:>
6 10 10 3
10 20 20 8
6 15 12 4
6 30 25 S
6 13 13 5
Ir
i
I
j Horse. Age, Weight.
|Po.|
Pst St.
w.
H- Str.
Fin.
Jockeys. I
' Op.
-Bettins —
Hi. Cl.
PL
m
vat
is
n
ten
s
M
is
Dunblane. 3 107!
Meadow I^ark. a. .1071
:Slr Kingston, 3...104[
1 Barney F. 3 1O4|
The Pinprer, 3 1(H
;Fim Shot, 3 104
'Ar.tolnetta. 3 KM
! S3
14
6 M
3 h
6 2
2 h
4 H
1 h 13
7 3 1
4 1H 2 2
5 h 6 3
6 3 7
3 h 5 h
2 1 4 h
1 5
2 1
3 10
4 12
6 1
iMounce
J. Woodo....
|J. Martin...
Stuart
F.urk
'Buchanan ..
iRansch
1
' 6
5-2
6
15
6
8
1 9-10
12 10
3 5-2
2i> 20
40 40
30 SO
• 23 25
4
1-2
6
12
g
id«.
2M
at
:•<¦*
055
x j Horse. Arc,
i iLena, 6
! 'Ijoconomo.
i IEI Mido. 4.
i [Opponent. £
i jColonel Roo
I [Merry Boy.
I iCharles le I
. :Credo. 5
, Weight.;
IC5
5 101
103
5 101
Dt. 5... 105
, 6 105
Bel. 5.. 99
101
|PO.|
iPstlSt.
~T\T~
6 3
8 7
1 5
2 6
1 4
4 S
3 1
3 1
2 4
5 '4
6 3
4 1
7 8
8
1 1
M- Str.
24 14
1 'i 2 1
3 H 34
6 1 4 3
5 h 5 1
7 g 6 6
S »
4 1 7 4
Fin.
1 n
2 1
33
4 6
5 6
6 15
7 3
s
j Jockeys.
Ransch
J. Martin...
Dominlck ...
Fauntleroy .
Hennesse\- ..
.1. Wood a....
iCannell
Tullett
Or.
4
i-5
. 5-2
. 5-2
15
3
30
20
— Betting
HlT Cl.
9^5V 9.;
10 S
5 5
3 3
i<) SO
3 S-5
100 100
100 100
PI?
S-5
3
8-5
1
10
3-5
30
30
1 I
Index Horse. Age, Weight.!
1297 'Es^-nce. 3 100,
1»2 !Goldone. 3 1091
12S3 Morin^a, 5 1061
UST Lomond, 3 105
1293 jMontanus. 4 1CS
ISPS jGrand Sachem, &. 105
12*2 jMatt Hogan. 3....1C2
iPo.|
IPstlSt.
ji'r
; 5 6
3 7
7 2
l I l
4 ! 3
U- Vi. Str.
1 "4 114 im
2 h 2 h 2 H"
4 3 32 3 1
7 6 Vi £ 4
6 3 7 65
5 2 5 h 4 h
3 h 4 h 7
Fin.
1 1
2 4
3 6
4 1
5 3
6 3
Jockeys.
iUansch
!J. Woods. .
Stuart
Bark
Mounee ...
Thomas ...
Tultett ....
r
' Op.
! 6-5
2
10
10
3
12
10
-Bettlngr N
HI. Cl. PI.
3-2 11-10 1-3
13-5 13-5 4-5
15 la 5
15 15 6
7 7 t
13 12 6
15 15 B
1 I
Index Horse. Age, Weight.!
1297 'Es^-nce. 3 100,
1»2 !Goldone. 3 1091
12S3 Morin^a, 5 1061
UST Lomond, 3 105
1293 jMontanus. 4 1CS
ISPS jGrand Sachem, &. 105
12*2 jMatt Hogan. 3....1C2
iPo.|
IPstlSt.
ji'r
; 5 6
3 7
7 2
l I l
4 ! 3
U- Vi. Str.
1 "4 114 im
2 h 2 h 2 H"
4 3 32 3 1
7 6 Vi £ 4
6 3 7 65
5 2 5 h 4 h
3 h 4 h 7
Fin.
1 1
2 4
3 6
4 1
5 3
6 3
Jockeys.
iUansch
!J. Woods. .
Stuart
Bark
Mounee ...
Thomas ...
Tultett ....
r
' Op.
! 6-5
2
10
10
3
12
10
-Bettlngr N
HI. Cl. PI.
3-2 11-10 1-3
13-5 13-5 4-5
15 la 5
15 15 6
7 7 t
13 12 6
15 15 B
Ir
i
I
j Horse. Age, Weight.
|Po.|
Pst St.
w.
H- Str.
Fin.
Jockeys. I
' Op.
-Bettins —
Hi. Cl.
PL
m
vat
is
n
ten
s
M
is
Dunblane. 3 107!
Meadow I^ark. a. .1071
:Slr Kingston, 3...104[
1 Barney F. 3 1O4|
The Pinprer, 3 1(H
;Fim Shot, 3 104
'Ar.tolnetta. 3 KM
! S3
14
6 M
3 h
6 2
2 h
4 H
1 h 13
7 3 1
4 1H 2 2
5 h 6 3
6 3 7
3 h 5 h
2 1 4 h
1 5
2 1
3 10
4 12
6 1
iMounce
J. Woodo....
|J. Martin...
Stuart
F.urk
'Buchanan ..
iRansch
1
' 6
5-2
6
15
6
8
1 9-10
12 10
3 5-2
2i> 20
40 40
30 SO
• 23 25
4
1-2
6
12
g
23>1
!9t>
25<1
3SS i
25;
2St j
i |PO.|
¦Horse and Weight. PstiSt.
'Andrattus 105 6 1
jSeide 104 2 2
Kingstelle 103 3 3
;Iratc 101 4 5
jLurera jfli i 4
Invictus no 5 7
IXellie For»»t 10a| ? 6
1 3
2 3
... 3 1
.:. 5 3
4 2
III 6 3
Str.
1 4
2 5
S4
4 1
6 1
r. 3
Fin.
1 4
2 4
3 8
4 1
5 '-
Jockeys.
Domlnick
J. Woods.
Buchanan
Mounce ...
J. Daly
Stuart
tBurk
/ BetUng ,
Op. Hi. CL PI.
1-2 1-2 2-5 —
5 6 11-2 6-:>
6 10 10 3
10 20 20 8
6 15 12 4
6 30 25 S
6 13 13 5
nd*x j Horse. Age, Weight. PstlSt.
H. %• Str. Fin.
Jockeys.
Ov.
- Bettlnp »
HJ. Cl. PI.
3IS6 .Clarando, 4 104 5 3
1293 Mike Rice, a 103 4 4
:JS1 Gusto. 3 102 6 5
1279) IjinKle Jingle. 4.. .109 1 2
11^9 Mor«>l!a, 3 104 •> 6
•„:•• Fannle E. 4 103 3 1
... 11 12 12
2 1 2 1H 2 3
4 4 3 »i 3 6
3 2 4 4 4 «
6 5 2 5 3.
• ¦¦ 51 6 6
J. Martin..
Tnllett
Stuart
Doralnick ..
LrfJBue
Vlck'ery . . . .
2
6
5
6-5
10
20
S3 4-5
6.5 6-5
10 10 -3
6-5 4-5 7-20
30 30 10
100 75 .' SO
x j Horse. Age. Weight. (l>st St. U- M. Str. Fin.
r
Jockeys.
Op.
Op.
— Bett!
III.
- Betting
III. Cl.
ting
Cl.
PI.'
PI.'
744
1«4
195
.143
797
in
• Daniel, 3 1041 2 8 ... 7 h 3 U 1 u,
;Ttn S -n-Llnsr. 3.. .104 4 5 6 1 45 11
Ijj™. C. 3 106 5 1 ... 2 1 h 3*4
I Mainstay, a 1H 93 ... 13 J £ 45
(Mountain Dew. 4.119 3 4 ... 31; 53 g?
: St. Anthony. 3.. .114 8 7 ... SS 6h 6n
, jHamto. 3 114 7 6 ... 5 H ? 1 7 2
I-ew Zara. 3 104 12 ... 44 S4 8 6
|l.ady Maud. 3....1141 69 ... 99 9
Mounce
J. Woods....
RufbpII
Fallehy
J. l>aly
Domlnlck ..
Tullett ..'...
Fauntleroy .
Cannell ....
5-2
7
20
10
5
7
S
20
5-2
18-5
30
60
30
8
8
8
60
1
1S-5
20
40
30
8
8
7
60
1-2
1
8
15
12
3
3
3
15
id«.
2M
at
:•<¦*
055
x j Horse. Arc,
i iLena, 6
! 'Ijoconomo.
i IEI Mido. 4.
i [Opponent. £
i jColonel Roo
I [Merry Boy.
I iCharles le I
. :Credo. 5
, Weight.;
IC5
5 101
103
5 101
Dt. 5... 105
, 6 105
Bel. 5.. 99
101
|PO.|
iPstlSt.
~T\T~
6 3
8 7
1 5
2 6
1 4
4 S
3 1
3 1
2 4
5 '4
6 3
4 1
7 8
8
1 1
M- Str.
24 14
1 'i 2 1
3 H 34
6 1 4 3
5 h 5 1
7 g 6 6
S »
4 1 7 4
Fin.
1 n
2 1
33
4 6
5 6
6 15
7 3
s
j Jockeys.
Ransch
J. Martin...
Dominlck ...
Fauntleroy .
Hennesse\- ..
.1. Wood a....
iCannell
Tullett
Or.
4
i-5
. 5-2
. 5-2
15
3
30
20
— Betting
HlT Cl.
9^5V 9.;
10 S
5 5
3 3
i<) SO
3 S-5
100 100
100 100
PI?
S-5
3
8-5
1
10
3-5
30
30
Office 1OO4 Market Street
Telephone— South 4-2O.
Oakland Off Ice— 62 San Pablo Ave.
among other things for which to be thank-
ful, don't forget the 17. S. Laundry, which
keeps your linen clean and makes you
presentable among your fellow men.
Soiled linen at a Thanksgiving 1 dinner Is
absolutely Inexcusable when you can hava
It thoroughly cleaned so cheaply at tha
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
of ths Ortani of Generation.
Price U a bottla. For Ml* by Oruxxlsta.
DR. CROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE
Fop the Caps of Gonorrhoea. Glsats.
Stricture* and analogous complaints
r "PAT E N TS^ ¦
B BH nfltt." Snoksleta Powder. In bU'*
On I 19VI and loade< J 'n thells. S«n«l
011 Ilill - for catalosua of »portln<
visit DR. JORDAN'S (mcat*
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY?
fcj^ The L*rfe»tAru»tMn:aU Museum ra the \
V'orsd. * e^kaet^it or *.iy eo»tT»«erl «
/BE* I 5p«c»JijtcalhiCo»*i Zttyiyoui. fi
&*V*l M- JCRDAN-Pni>ATE 3ISSASIS*
¥ ®*5o A <-0~*u!tart«o fr^rt ind tti+Tly prtyit* \
I Wtf M "!* itm-nt. jx-uoiutly or by letter. A A
I 7 CJJ "•¦»« t»r.m nerycawraJeiuica. \
f if ltf. W r ?e for Bock. raiLOtOPIVtli
A JL' n:uabl« booh for men) \
OR. JORDAX A CO.. MSI Harxat St.. 8. F. V
PILES CURED
We will par S2S to any on« who cannot b-»
cured wlta one box 01 VERUS PILiE CURE.
Price $2.
Over 6000 cures. Xo claimant for reward.
"I am sure my case of piles was as bad as
any case could be. I had them fifteen years
and tried all aorta of remedies. I saw the
Verna Pile Cure advertised, bought a box, with
little * hope of a cure. Imagine my surprise
when five applications cured me. It Is tha
best In the world. J. MORRISON.
"Salt Lake City. Utah."
Or Ellington Drug Co.. Agents. Loa Aagelea,
Cal.
VERUS PILE CURE CO., Be 226. Wilson Hoc*
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CSECBED SOUTH.
When the first keen winds of winter
bejin to be felt in the North, many an
invalid i* hurried away by aniious fnends
to the kindlier c'.isiate of the South. The
ca-sse is apparent ___^________^_
as you look at the •
hollow cheeks and _4TO¥^
listen to the ra«p- • /0i?**$&£t>i
i-g eonjh of the yZMr^Kffc
persons sa5cring £\& * fil?
*rith weak lungs, V^ /filr
obstinate congb
and' s;vere hstuor- /fi, £55|
rhaje even, have m FSSf j
found the change (\ V j.»rt '
cf dirnate made /^v£-'*3sL N
unnecessary by the (fcs. \$£fjy-
use of Dr. Pi^rce's
Golden Medical InB&S
Discovery. It BBSS $
strengthens weak rv&& e
;-.:::?s cares ob-=ti- tt1!§f v
nate couyhs, and fft^ "^
bsilds up the body /^
with sound, healthy / / _//
flesh. It contains STTCfi^—^TC^ /
no alcohol, neither J^jQ^it^^i_ jfe^.
a fn-nd fur rrcora- |5^^2S t^3^
mending your rnedi- XriffSi. 9^ '* w SK«4i
you for pr';^r:ng ff'/K5 Lv'^a
f'>r chronic •:i-*';3«rs y '*|.*fK^ TTmS^ lp»BM
espcciallv. which the
dr»ctorR fsiled to reach," writes I. B. Staples.
Esq., of Barclay, Osage Co., ICans. "I desire to
|MM the Roofi word along: for the benefit of
othi-rs who need your remedies. I am a rail-
ro-ii agfent, and fiiur years ago my work keep-
i-^Z !ac \ n a warm room ana stepping out fre-
quently into t'.e cold air ca\*e me bronchitis,
uhich" became chronic ana deep *eated. Doc-
tor* failed to reach my case and advised me to
try a higher air. but. fortunately for rae ; a friend
aiSD advised me to try Dr. iHerce's medicines, j I
commenced taLinj; your 'Golden Medical Dis-
coverj-,' and l»y the time I had taken the first
bottle I wa* better, and after taking: about four
bottle* my cous;h was entirrly gone. This was
a year ago la*t winter; and again last winter I
took about three bottles to prevent a return of
the trouble. I have found no necessity for ecek-
ing another climate." .
Free. The Common Sense Medical Ad-
viser, iooS pages, cloth bound, sent free on
receipt of 31 one-cent stamps, to pay ex-
pense of miilin? only. Address Dr. R. V.
Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM.
* * V
% N t*7*'*n ©oldten1fcolelfcaaM*awp. *¦* Mon~ $
AT 3 3O CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST-AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE day. X
Jk 1 -' '' :;: *
*» Senor Antonio Vargas, the famous barytone, in operatic and popular 3 *
*se:eclions at concert to-ni°ht. * J
}C Manufacturer's Sale Men an 1 Boys' Clothing at 70c*
X on tho S1 OO- All new, styiish good'— $12.50 Ssck Suit', $8. 95; $17.50 "J
* Overcoat?, $10.85; ?35.00 Overcoats, $17.75; Boys' $10.00 Suits. $6.98;**
£$6.G0Vestee Suits, S3. 48, etc, etc. * '?
tf JouvJn & Gle Oner a Govzs Half Prloo— Finest French nadressadS
JUid, frcm 12-button to fu'.l-arm lenstlu, were $2.53 to $4 pair, tlo-*...$1.25 to $2 £
| Special Sale of $6 Collarettes -Z
»£ Trimmed Hats. «o &= £
&* x^^^vm^^^ri^ (T'leadid y inaip, m, , , <j
*>' >|§^rj?g/ cia! t0^ 1 3'' Satur- ettea, with «
V M^^r W f° y " §7*75 Baltic seal Jf
£* jW^V Children's y ° e?I ,. s ? t a •*
k ' Hats - Al fur ser S s linin ?» .4SBHRKF "2
£ felt, trimmed with si k bow.*, velvet regularly W^^^l^ £
£> band*, tmall ornaments and qnil?; reg- $6.00, special / v^MM^^f^T •*
&; nlar price $4.C0; special -, o «-« tr>da _ ( g a tur- /^ xSlfK§i>f V
J! to-dsy, Saturday only 75 y lMinr (^ N^gjj# ;J
•£ Waist Sale. $3*45. %
i $2.75, ' $3.00 : J
£ Mow Wai s*s, Misses' Jackets **
I WB ?o!o?U A nT«t ana Dresses- ff
I VWlB KicJ^'J n . u ; Spoelai. |
* / 7.«.J^J\I flannel; lined Ch'ldren's Cov- J-
J( |A isfflU thoughout, fine ort Jack- sJfSSfib %'
I BMW/ tuckin s and b - 3t Ols - B « b «!». &$M '*=> *
J* ly?*my shape?, styles and «torm collar; this /f\£
S \r\ \\ filish '' coIo "» r »d. ••wna sty'e; dBB> £Vs /j ££
$ %3 \ navy and black; all regularly $,.£0; T**JF <g
jf Y sizes; r?guhrly 0 £->» s^*«* s x \r
£ $2*75 and $3.0C; to-day f ' $5.50. l\ \ \ S
5 orl7 91.&B An a3sorted , ot of K I tU 1 £
* $4.95 instead of S6.5O and SaiiorSufts A n f n 11 3*
% $7.50 for new Slik Waists -This season's pi $L Jig \\ §
Jk* — Jast h, but bought much under regu- styles; not many \\ \ n gft, >[
•? lar prices; black and alt the new crlors of any one kiod. V^r— — ¦ -*** \&& X
•f and style?; all are iined throughout and but every one }[^ **
* cf the b^st making of ona of the lead- size in the lot; V *
f ing wai3t-nnkers of Am;r- - o _ prices were 56 00 to e»-»2
tf ica; special tc-day 5*jJ?O $7.50; your pick to-day... £>5.5Ox
$ J
I Butter Sale To-Day. S
£Fjncy Creamery Butter, the gool kind that we always sell; to-day, Sator- i 90^»*
J- day, only; regu ar Eized t qaares, 2 icr 75c; per sqiare. «^CpCp{£
* :?
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WHEN THANKSGIVING
COMES
** " * o^t^TTg hT. IThe local traffic in human Japanese chattels seems
to have met with a serious reverse in the resignation
of one of the employes of the Immigration Bureau.
The fault appears to have rested with several interest
ing persons who evaded the usual payment for slaves.
The Spanish revolutionists, who have been killing
one another of late. h?.ve at least that satisfaction
which attends a triumph of arms, although the vic
tory i« at the rxpen>e of national honor. Even
Uncle S?.n has not been able to make the Spaniards
behave themselves. . ,
Defeated political candidates can now return to
their places in reputable society from which they were
thrown. The bombardment of the political orators
has ceased, and the human targets, riddled but still
reputable, have an opportunity to recorer from the
fire of oratorical artillery.
In the whirl of gratification and enthusiasm with
vhich the people of the United States have signalize!
their pleasure at the re-election of McKinley a pros-
I»ective benefit of immense moment has been over
looked. William Jennings Bryan says he stifled his
aspiration to be President.
It is to* Chamberlain the Tories look for leadership
j in the movement for protection. He would have had
Notwithstanding the aid given by Laurier and Cana
; diah Liberals to the Conservative Government at
, London in the South African war, the British Tories
! desired the success of Sir Charles Tupper, leader of
j the Conservatives in Canada. The chief reason for
that desire is that the average British Tory has devel
; oped a very strong sentiment in favor of establishing
i a system of protection throughout the empire, and it
: was believed that had Tupper attained power in Can
! ?da he would have strongly supported such a policy.
Even since the defeat of Canadian Conservatism it
J is by no means certain that some effort will not be
'made in the direction of protection. The London
j Chronicle in commenting upon a speech recently
I made by the Chancellor of the Exchequer before the
j Liverpool Chamber of Commerce says: "There are
! plenty of men in the Tory party who are as protec
tionist to-day as Lord George Bentinck was half a
j century ago. They have a profound belief in pro
j hibitive and preferential tariffs, in the ring-fence and
: differential duties, which they are pleased to call 'fair
I trade.' They would r.ot hesitate to tax the food of
: the people, so long as it came from Germany, or Rus
sia, or the United States, though they might be pru
; dent enough to say that the tax was 'for revenue
only.' "
There is no harmony of political sentiment among
the three Governments. McKinley stands in this
¦ country for Liberalism, while Salisbury is a Tory of
' the stalwart kind. Laurier is known to Canadian
i politics as a Liberal, and. while he has been in syni
| pathy with Salisbury's imperial policy, has no affilia
( tion with what is known as Conservatism in Britain.
: Thus the only thing in common': among the people of
i the three countries which led them to sustain the ex
1 isting Governments is a satisfaction with the existing
i order of things and a desire to maintain the prevail-
CANADA has voted to sustain the administra
tion. Like the people of the United States and
those of Great Britain, the Canadians desire no
change in their Government. The three great repre
sentatives of the English-speaking world stand, there
fore, as a unit for that kind of progress which is
called conservative. Laurier at Ottawa, as McKinley
at Washington and Salisbury at London, will continue
to direct the affairs of his people.
BRITISH PROTECTIONISTS
in the departments which the waxen lady
makes her stamping-ground and that
other men frequently accompany their
wives on shopping tours and view the al
lurements of the depraved dummies was
also dwelt upon. The decision was Im
mediate.
Mrs. Addle and Mrs. Martin were ap
pointed a committee to visit the various
haunts of the pink and white impropriety
and to request the removal of the objects
of their censure. The matter will be
pushed with all the energy of women In
terested in social purity, and la bound to
have results.
The mitigating circumstances of the
waxen lady's wooden waist and the suc
cession of Iron hoops that supply her lack
of lower extremities have had no soften
ing effect upon her Judges. The abbre
viated beauties who float around In hair
dressers' windows and vanish In a bow at
the waist are likewise under the ban.
They affect low-cut bodices and are there
fore "Improper." Even the headless va
riety is regarded with suspicion.
The temperance women have as yet sug
gested no substitute for these disturbing
Images, but the probability is that It mu3t
be a clothes-horse respectably draped.
NEW YORK. Nov. 9.— That the
waxen ladles who boldly dis
play their charms In the shops
are Immodest In their tenden
cies, improper In their wearing
apparel and hurtful to the morals of the
community Is the latest discovery of the
Demorest Union of the W. C. T. U.. which
will straightway start a crusade apalnst
the sinful possibilities of the glass-eyed
sisterhood.
At the reg-ular meeting held a few days
apo at the home of Mrs. Annie Thomas. In
West Seventy-second street, the matter
was broupht up for discussion, and the
waxen enchantresses were condemned
with enthusiastic unanimity. Mrs. Addle
pointed out that the decolletage of the
pink and white beauties used as models
for evening gowns In the department
stores was revolting to a modest mind. Its
effect upon the "young person" was ob
vious. The desire to emulate such liberal
revelation of contour might be implanted
unawares, and altogether the expose of
the waxen lady was on a par with erotic
literature and Improper pictures.
Mrs. Emllie D. Martin also took up the
theme. The fact that men are employed
The promise contained in the ntw system does not
imply that every home will have good bread, for if
Dr. Wiley be correct we can never have that so long
a= household cooks arc permitted to bake bread. He
says: "The domestic making of bread is to be de
plored. Bread making is as much an art as tailoring,
and we have as much right to bread made by experts
as we have to coats r.nd gowns fashioned by tailors.
In fact, a ready-made suit keeps you warm, even if
its fit is .not faultless, but bread badly made has not
a leg on which to stand. An earnest effort, should be
made to relegate domestic bread making to the past
and to institute in every community bakeries under
competent control offering the best bread at the low
est price."
The use of bread made by the new system is said to
have spread rapidly in Paris. Dr. Wiley says: "At
first the prejudice of the consumer for the white loaf
has to be overcome, inasmuch as bread made from
the flour of the new system, while not dark in color,
has quite a yellowish tint, which at once distinguishes
it from ordinary bread. When one eats this bread,
however, it is found to be so palatable, so nutritious
and so aromatic that no other kind is desired." It
is added: "Chemical analyses show that the flour
made by the system has more than twice as much
phosphatic material 'as that made by the ordinary
roller process."
The exhibits for the new system included a large
plant for supplying bread to a populous community,
another for use in a small village, a third intended for
use on a farm, the mill being driven by hand much as
a cofTee-mill is run; and, finally, an exhibit of a mill
on wheels, to be drawn by horses or by automobile,
for the purpose of supplying an army with fresh
biead while on the march. *
Dr. Wiley says: "Among all the exhibits of bread
and bread making at the Paris Exposition the one
which interested me most was a system of milling
and baking combined. This system has a double pur
pose — (i) to make the flour more palatable and more
nutritious than that made by the ordinary roller mill;
(2) to make it immediately before baking, so as to
Secure for the loaf a flour which is absolutely fresh.
It is well known that all food substances when ground
to a fine powder have a tendency to become oxidized.
As is the case with coffee, which is best when freshly
roasted and freshly ground, so it is with cereal flour,
which is never so aromatic, so palatable or so nu
tritious as at the moment when it is first made."
DR. HARVEY W. WILEY, chief chemist of the
Department of Agriculture, having been
asked by the editor of the Forum to contribute
to that review an article on some interesting feature
of the Paris Exposition, chose bread making for his
subject, and the public is to be congratulated on the
choice, for Dr. Wiley furnishes in his paper good rea
sons for believing the long desire for sweet, nutritious,
vholesonie bread is about to be realized.
BREAD MAKING EXTRAORDINARY.
PINK AND WHITE WICKEDNESSES. WHOSE WAXEN PROPORTIONS
ARE SAID TO BE A SURE MENACE TO THE YOUTH OF GAY
NEW YORK.
The issue raised by the offenses of these men should
rot be permitted to pass unnoted. Honest politics
concerns every citizen. Dishonesty is a menace to
;<!1. Consequently the public will look to the authori
ties to rebuke the misconduct of the offenders in \
i:»anner that trill be a lesson to all of their kind in the
f-;ture. The mrn should be dismissed from an office
nf which they have shown themselves unworthy.
Since they work for the bo«se« instead of for the Stat:,
they «hould be removed from the State payrolls and
1' ft to pet their pay from the bosses they serve.
That these men should openly ally themselves with
l/osses who are knoA-n to be thoroughly corrupt an-i
hhould work with them to defeat Republican candi
<^tes <v>n?titute« one of the gravest offenses known
to politics. The aim of all good citizens is to elimi
nate boss rule from both pr.rties. for it is well known
that the bosses fight together to defeat honest men.
i:o matter by which y»arty nominated. A considerable
j ortion of the Democratic push helped Crimmins and
Kelly to break into Republican primaries, and it now
rppears that the favor «-a« returned by the activity of
Kelly nnd Crimmins in helping Raincy and Phclan in
making the fight against Mr. Xe'son. the Republican
candidate in the Twenty-fifth. It is therefore with no
little indignation the better class of citizens learn that
< mplojrs of the State, drawing payment from th
money of the taxpayers, were willing tools in help
ing the combined bosses defeat Mr. Nelson.
( H :he three offenders Buckley is perhaps the most
offensive, for he i? not only a servant of the State
placed in his position by the Republican party, but
i 1 also :: rr.eiiiber of the Republican State Central
Committee. He is therefore bound by political honor
:.t well :t* by official position to be true to the interests
of the party which has honored him with a place in
The weight of the offense of these men consists
not in the fact that they supported a Democrat
against a Republican candidate, but that they con
spired with such corrupt bosses as Crimmin^ and
Kelly and Raincy and Fhelan to defeat the election
<•:' an honest man who had been nominated as a can
<''<":.:tp of genuine Republicanism. The State of
California cannot afford to maintain on its payrolls
•men who neglect the work of the State in order to do
crooked politics with the worst elements of the city.
The task which honesty has in fighting the slum
bosses, backed by the railroad and the Democratic
combine, i* difficult enough without having the money
of the State used to support the tools of the gang.
DURING the campaign that has just closed two
onice-holders of the State, who owe their posi
tions to the Republican party, were actively
cn^aped in doing the work of disreputable bosses by
• . :::;g the Republican candidate for State Senator
in the Twenty-fifth District. The two are E. M.
Buckley and M. A. Smith, both of whom are
wharfingers drawing pay from the State. There is a
third wharfinger. al*o. Mike Barry, who is reported to
Live asi-i^erl the others, in the fight. The two who are
known to be guilty should be discharged, and if Barry
be found equally engaged in the arong he fhouid
share the same fate.
TOOLS CF THE BOSSES.
Tariff acts, like all other fiscal measures, are to be
judged by their results, and when so judged the Porto
Rican tariff fully sustains the reputation of the Re
publican party for constructive statesmanship. The
Bryanites were foolish in making even an attempt to
obtain judgment against the administration upon that
act, and displayed more wisdom than usual with them
in dropping the issue. The tariff is working well, and
since such good results in the way of increased tade
have been effected in the first five months in spite of
the drawbacks of the great hurricane, it is reasonable
to expect in the near future a showing that will be
gratifying in every respect.
'In considering the significance of these statistics it
is to be borne in mind it was generally believed the
showing of trade for the first year under the tariff
would be small by reason of the hurricane of last
y.ear, which proved so damaging to the chief indus
tries of the island. The losses occasioned by the
storm, it was thought, would leave the Porto Ricans
little to sell and consequently too poor to buy much.
The Bureau of Statistics has published a table show
ing the trade between Porto Rico and the United
States during May, June, July, August and Septem
ber of 1896. 1897, 1899 and 1900, respectively, and the
total for each period, and thus enables a comparison
by months and by the entire period both with 1899,
when the island was under the American flag but sub
ject to the general customs' laws of the United States,
and with 1896 and 1897, when it was Spanish terri
tory. Every month since the enactment of the new
taw shows a marked increase over 1899 and a still
greater increase as compared with 1897 and 1896;
while the total imports from the island in the five
months of 1000 show an increase of 62 per cent over
1809 and 172 per cent over 1897, and the exports to
the island show an increase of 104 per cent over 1899
and 265 per cent over 1897.
The Porto Rican tariff went into effect May I, and
the record of the first five months of its operation has
just been made public by the Treasury Bureau of Stat
istics. The summary given out shows that the im
ports from the island in that time amount to $3,316.
334. against $1,169,128 in the corresponding months of
1897, or practically three times as much in the five
months of 1900 as in the corresponding five months
of 1807. The exports to the island in the five months
of 1900 are $2,807,909, against $717,744 in the corre
sponding months of 1806, arfd $768,802 in the corre
sponding months of 1897, or practically four times as
much in 1000 as in 1896 or 1897.
PERSONS who take the trouble to recall the
early days of the campaign will remember that
one of the points of the Bryanite attack upon
the administration is the Porto Rican tariff. That
phase of the fight was abandoned early, but it is still
sufficiently interesting to make it worth while noting
that the operation of that tariff has been beneficial to
trade, and that the act, within the extent of its scope,
has been as successful as any other 'measure enacted
by the present Congress.
TRADE WITH PORTO RICO.
SATURDAY NOVEMBER 10, io:>o
JOHN D. -SPRECKEL'S. Proprietor.
Address Al! Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manage r.
M(\4GER'S OFFICE Telephone !»«•*¦¦<¦ 204^
•HULICATIOX OFFICR.. .MnrUrt and Third. S. F.
Telephone Prf«» 201.
llllTonm, ROOM!* 21T to 221 SteTf?m»o» S«.
Telephone frrmn 2O2.
I)rlhfr.M| »tv Currier*. I." Cent- IV* Wwk.
*lncl<- Copies. fi Cent*.
T<-rm« *•>- Mr.il. Inr!rnl!nsr I'notacrei
DATTLT OAUT. < p 1r<-:u4fnr firebar). «or yrzr SCOT
DAII.T CAUa cncluainc Fur.day>. r. months ¦••*<
SATLT CAUL (inrludfrc Sunday). S nonth* l.M
I5AILT CALL-By Sir.Rle Month 55?
bEXBJLX CALL. One Year l.M
¦¦¦ Kl'KI.- <-Al-L. On* T»ar 1-00
Alt pocimst^terf 1 itrp nnf horlzcd to rrc^lv^
¦ QbnrrlptiotiR.
Sample copies will he forrrardfd ¦ hen requested.
Mali »njbe,orlt»en< In <r<J^r!rsic rfcanrf of a<Jflrws *hmil<J be
F*n1ct;:ar to clv« both :»EW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to insure a prompt and correct compliance with thetr request.
tAKLAM) OFFICE 1118 Broadway
C. f;nO»GK hltOCVE",
Vanajer Foreign A~vert : i;ng, Marquette Building, Chicago.
<Lcr.g Distance Telephone "Central 2S1».")
li
•CFTTV TORK OORRKSPONDEICT:
•. C CABI.TCIS. . r." Herald Square
NEW TOP.K Klil'KESKNTATTVE:
iTCraiSK n. SMITH 3O Tribune nnllriinir
NETW TORK NEWS STANDS:
1Voj<j<-.r?-A«orla Hotel: A. Brent&no. Jl Union Square:
iiu:ra> Hill Hctei.
CHICAGO NEWS FTANDS:
Srtorrr.an Hout-e: P. O. News Co.: Great Northern Hotel:
Kreaior; Iloufe; Auditorium Hotel.
U'ASHtKCTOS <I>. C.» OFFICE. . . . I4O« fl St.. If. W.
MO It TO X E. (HAM;, Correnpondent.
l!!H\ril OFFICES £2? MorstfCTr.ery. comer of Clay, open
•jnti: 9:3* o'clock. 300 Haj-es, open until 9:JC o'clock. *33
S!cAi:iHfr, open until 5:30 o'clock. CIS Lerfcln. open until
i 3C <-'ci«ck. 1SU ailsslrn. open until 10 o'clock. "261 Mark?:.
roraer Sixteenth, open ur.t'.l f o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
BStQ 9 o'rlcck. 106 El-venth. cpen until » o'clock. NW. cor
nrr Tiv-nty-Feccr.d and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
NEW YORK PRESS-9he doea not play
the game, her football costumes being
marvels of beauty and unfltr.ess for sucn
encounters; Bhe encourages It. She goeth
forth to the flght armed with the flag of
the university of the heroes she has sub
jugated In the gentler lists, the blazon of
•'his" college glowing on her breast in the
form of a bunch of crimson carnations,
riotous chrysanthemums or fragrant vio
lets. Her conception of the gam© is only
equaled In its strangeness by the wildnesa
of her use of the Jargon of the gridiron
and her Intensity of Interest. And even
these are nothing to her Ineffable loveli
ness and grace.
PITTSBTTRG DISPATCH— If Galveston
Is to be rebuilt— and certainly Texas must
have a gulf port— It Is none too soon to
interest the engineering talent of the
country In devising the best possible
means for protecting the city from the
ravages of the furious elements. The con
struction of the city Itself should be
either of solid stone or of well anchored
steel frame work, even to the modest
dwelling houses. In order to resist the
wind. To keep out the waves is purely
an engineering problem, and a difficult
one.
XASHVILLE AMERICAN— The excuse
for a long drawn out canvass has been
overturned by improved methods of com
munication. It is wrong to divert the
thought of the people from their accus
tomed pursuits to the excitement of poll
tics for so long a time. Shall we not
change the time of nominating candidates
before another four years?
OMAHA BEE— China should be dealt
with firmly but at the same time fairly
and justly. It Is In the fnterest of th-j
rest of the world that her punishment
shall not be so severe as to be destructive.
RICHMOND TIMES-It may be that we
have reached the limits of cultivation of
the earth or will shcrtly reach them. For
our own part, we do not think so. and
we feel assured that the great step that
will be made in the coming century will
be In reclaiming the waste places of the
earth and making: them blossom like the
rose, and In the landa now cultivated It
will be the Joy and the crown of science
to make four blades of grass grow where
cne grows to-day. And nnally. the nation
that has focd la the nation that will en
dure.
BOSTON HERALD— There are fifty dif
ferent varieties of English, the acquisi
tion of each one of which breathes new
spirit and new range into a man. the 1 fail
ure to acquire any one of which leaves
him Just in so far the more barren, and
Impoverished. For generations past men
of genius have been Introducing: Into their
mother tongue, alike In word and spirit,
every conceivable phase of the humor,
wit, grace, sententiousness, beauty or
sublimity of all the climes of the earth.
CLEVELAND PLAIN DEALER— Lord
Roberts evidently fears his own country
men more than his antagonists In the
field. He may with rea«on pray to be de
livered from his friends. If all London
became crazy drunk over the return of a
few volunteers who had won no particular
distinction, what will It do when the Idol
ized "Bobs" himself appears on the
scene?
NEW YORK SUN'— The one demand Is
which all of the powers concur heartily
is that for the punishment of the chiet
culprits, no matter how closely they may
be connected by descent with the reigning
Manchu dynasty.
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
IN VARIETY
a strong backing had Tupper won in Canada, for he
would have been able to say that British goods would
have no preferential tariff rates in that country unless
equal advantages were given to Canadian goods in
Biitain. As it is he will not, it seems, have much en
couragement froth the colonies in making the fight
the Tory imperialists desire him to undertake. In tint
respect the Canadian elections will not be without
effect upon the whole scheme of British imperialism,
and the British protectionists may have to wait before
bringing their scheme forward as an issue of practical
politics.
These things are said, not to foster a false pride or
sense of bumptious self-sufficiency, but to deny the
right of an American university president to demote
us to a position in which we do not rightfully belong.
We are not part of the Greater British empire. We
are greater than it all. If we chose we could crush
it like an eggshell. If other parts of the world seek
honor by adopting the title, "the Greater United
States." let it be so, according to their fancy. But
even then the title will be misapplied, for where is
the aggregation of nations, with a common speech
and genius, that can truly boast itself greater than this
country?
We are not copyists and imitators. We are origin
ators. Our operative methods, in all branches of pro
duction, are of our o\Vh devising. All that goes into
operative economies in our methods of transporta
tion is original with us.
The colonies had already grown out of semblance
to Great Britain. They had been planted a century
and a half before the Revolution. The prepotency of
a great ancestry, that knew not of the British Isles,
was in them. After their separation the differentiating
from English models progressed more rapidly. To
day it is complete.
President Wheeler of the University of California,
in a recent address, adopted the ideas of Sir Charles
Dilkc and put the United States, Canada, India and
Egypt together as parts of the empire of/ Greater
Britain. The classification is not only offensive, it is
untrue. It ensmalls us. . It detracts from our place in
history. We owe nothing to England, even in our
political institutions. They are not copied from hers.
They are derived from the same source as hers, and
that source is not within the British Isles. She took
the ancient Saxon model and made the best adapta
tion she could. We took the same model and adapted
it to conditions more favorable than England enjoyed
?nd have developed a system more favorable to th*
making of men of strong character and independent
individnality. Not many Americans will join Presi
dent Wheeler in saying that "it was probably better
that we separated from Great Britain."
Time and history have evaporated all probability
out of that separation.
To say that this feeling of independence has since
declined is to misrepresent the facts. We feel that we
are not the siphon for other energy than our own, nor
ir any pense a messenger for anybody. Our literature,
industries, art, science and activity are peculiarly of
domestic development. To derive them from Eng
land is not logical. They are the product of mental
energies and racial characteristics that were old when
the British Isles were peopled by half-naked savages.
The racial genius that has produced what is exhibited
to the world in the United States goes far back to a
potent ancestry in the north, to a race that was a sur
vival of the fittest when the curtain raised upon the
stage where it played its part and gave it to history.
What has been done in the British Isles by that genius
is the expression of its development in that environ
ment. The far greater work it has wrought in the
United States is the expression of what that potent
character could do under this environment. The two
expressions partake of their environment, and are in
dependent.
In the time of its publication there were protests
against the conception of the United States as a Brit
ish megaphone, through which the world was ad
dressed in behalf of English institutions. Even then,
emaciated by political diseases and not wholly con
valescent from the exhaustion of the Civil War. the
United States felt the independence of its position in
the world and its ability to cope with any nation or
group of nations upon any field, martial, industrial or
intellectual.
IR CHARLES DILKE published his "Greater
>^ Britain" in 1869. In its preface he said: "In
4 — America the peoples of the world are being
fused together, but they are run into an English
mold; Alfred's laws and Chaucer's tongue are theirs,
whether they would or no. There are men who say
that Britain in her age will claim the glory of having
planted greater Englands across the seas. They fail
to perceive that she has done more than found planta
tions of her own — that she has imposed her institu
tions upon the offshoots of Germany, of Ireland, of
Scandinavia and of Spain. Through America Eng
land is speaking to the world. Sketches of Saxondom
may be of interest even upon humbler grounds; the
development of the England of Elizabeth is to be
found, not in the Britain of Victoria, but in half of the
habitable globe. If two small islands are by courtesy
styled great, America, Australia, India/ must form a
Greater Britain."
GREATER BRITAIN.
BOLD HUSSIES IN WAX
MENACE GOTHAM MORALS
Shop Window Models in Decollete Gowns
Considered Demoralizing to the Very
"Young Person."
"Do the city relatives whom you have
been visiting move in the best circles,
Mrs. Hayrick?"
"La. no! Everybody up there lives in
squares."— Philadelphia Bulletin.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Nov. 9.— Warren
Olney, D. S. Richardson and Mrs. Adele
Chretien of San Francisco are at the Ar
lington;-Miss C. E. Thomas of Pasadena
is at the Arlington.
CALIFOBNIANS IN WASHINGTON
Arthur II. Scott of Philadelphia, owner
of a big paper mill In the East. Is spend
ing a few days at the Occidental.
Frank R. Wells, president of the Rut
land Canadian Railroad, and a party of
seven railroad men, left last evening on a
trip through the southern part of the
State. They will go as far as Bay Point
on the Southern Pacific line, after which
they will become guests of the Santa Fe
road. . '
John D. Spreckels and family left New
York for San Francisco yesterday via the
New York Central and Santa Fe roads.
Victor E. Tull, a Montana mining man.
Is at the Occidental, he having just re
turned from a trip to Seattle.
Mr. and Mrs. H. P. Sonntag are at the
California, having just returned from an
extended European trip.
Hancock Banning, a prominent Los An
geles capitalist and landowner, Is regis
tered at the Grand.
James McCudden and daughter of Val
lejo are at the Grand. Mr. McCudden Is
a contractor.
General A. "W. Barrett has returned
from Los Angeles and is at the California
again.
• David Starr Jordan Is at the Occidental.
Dr. J. Wi Farrineton nf Blsbee, Ariz., is
at the Grand.
Professor E. A. Ross of Stanford Is at
the California,
Colonel R. I* Peeler of Sacramento is
at the California.
H. H. Blood, an oil man from Bakers
field, is at the Grand.
M. J. Ross, a Butte, Mont., <tniner. is
registered at the Russ.
E. L. Van Cleeck, a Santa Cruz archi
tect, is stopping at the California.
Dr. 8. Koboyoshi, a prominent Berlin
physician, is stayine at the Palace.
John W. Nichols, son of Bishop Nichols
of San Mateo, is at the Occidental.
J. E. Reynolds and W. R. Dudley of
Stanford University are at the Palace.
The Rev. T. Vernon Jones of Rene,
Nov., is at the Grand for a few- days.
Commodore F. P. Gilmore of the United
States navy is at the Palace with his wife.
PERSONAL MENTION. I
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 1O, 1900.
Now that the election is over the sturdy devotees of
Phclanism may be expected to reopen their canting
campaign for the observance of civil service. Our
"reform" local government has eclipsed all of its pre
decessors in its offensive and defeated partisanship.
6
StopoveTS at Washing-ton and at
Philadelphia.
Tickets to New York allowing; ten days' stop-
over at Washington and Philadelphia do not
cost any more than tickets over the Pennsyl-
vania direct line from Chlcaco- Klv« daily
trains leave Chicago Union Station for the East
over this double route through Indiana and
Ohio. For time, farea and farther Information"
addres* A. S. J. Holt. Facif.o Coast Agent, No.
SO Montgomery ft.. Ran Francisco. Cal.
To rebuild wasted tissue and fortify th© sys-
tem against the sudden changes of fall and wln«
ter. doctors recommend DR. SIEOERT'3 An-
gostura Bitters.
Care, worry and anxiety whiten th» hair toe
early. Renew It with Parker"* Hair Balsam.
Hlndercoras. the best cur* for com*. 15 eta.
Charles Allen, colored, has brought suit
In Columbus against the members .of a
Jury In a Justice's court for $5000 damage*.
He claims that the Jury rendered a ver-
dict against him In a case In which he re-
cently appeared as plaintiff solely because
V Is a colored man and -was suing a white
man.
Special Information supplied dally to
business bouses and public men by tn«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont-
gomery st. Telephone Main 10*2. •
Towcsend's California glaca fruits, 50c a
pound. In flre-etched boxes or Jap. baa-
kets, &9 Market. Palace Hotel bulldlnff.*
Ice cream choccriates, Boston mints, ala-
uma. Townsend's. 639 Market street. •
Ex. strong hoartaoundcandy. Town send* s.»
Splendid Cal. glace cherries. Towniend's.*
Peanut crisps. Townserwl'i.
Grand Op.-ra-hDUse — "A Divorce Colony."
Grand Opera-honca — Maurice Grau Opera Company, Mon-
»:3.\ i>v-r.i!n. November 12.
Aicatar— "I^i>t Paradise.**
Columbia— "She Stoccs to Concur."
Aihumlra— "King of the Optrun Ring."'
Tivoll Oi:w*ra-!i'-us*'— "Trovatore."
Oilir ( >r-:a— "\Vho*e Baby Are You."
Oj;;fceuni --Vaudeville.
Oijtrpla, corner Mason and Eddy streets— SpeoiaUlea.
Ctnitea. Zou ar.3 Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
cv< nlx^;.
Fit* !;. r"»— Vaudeville.
Sherniiin-Clay Hall— Piano R*^ital this afternoon.
t-'utrc! RathF-Oirt-n nights.
CakJand Race Track-Race*.
AMUSEMENTS.
For a Cold In the Head.
Laxative Bromo-Qulnlne Tablets. •
IN SUNDAY'S CAII
I NOVEMBER 11, «<m*v
I THE
§ ABDUCTION
I AND
I RESCUE
1 OF
I LOLA GARCIA.
H The Most Thrilling Story in
h t-* e History of Girl
pi Captives.
I DONT MISS THE
M GREAT COMIC SECTION.
I SOCIETY GIPLS WHO THE WASP AND THE TO TRAMP. TRAMP
| EXPECT SOON TO FIG. IS THE LATEST FAD
I BECOME BRIDES. HOW TO MAKE THE IN ATHLETICS.
I A PAGE OF SHORT BABY PRETTY. READ "IN MALE AT
| STORIES BY FAMOUS A- NEW MEXICAN TIFR" THE SENSiC
I AUTHORS. INDIAN HUNT. TIONAL SERIALJOSEPH ADDISON. THE STUD
IED WIT OF COFFEE
HOUSE DAYS.
Pr the right observation of these few pta'n
words of command a woman of a tolerable
genius who will apply herself diligently to her
exercise for the space of but one-half year
shall be able to give her fan all the graces
that can possibly -enter that little modish ma
chine.
The fluttering of the fan la the last and. in
deed, the masterpiece of the whole exercls-.
" • • There is an Infinite variety of motions
to be made use of In the flutter of a fan. There
Is the ancry flutter, the merry flutter and th»
amorous flutter. Not to be te.lioi;s th<»re n
scarce any emotion In the mind which does
not -produce a suitable agitation in the fan;
insomuch that If I only see the fan nf a di*
clplined lady I know very well whether sne
laughs, frowns or blushes.
This, stripped of its dainty setting, is
cold satire. Says Professor MInto; "A
gallant tenderness for the sex shines
through 'good-hearted Dick's' mock
heroic humor Addison politely holds the
sex up to ridicule: Steele sympathizes
with their little artifices."
One can best compare the humor of th«
As an example of Addtson's exquisite
wit read the well known paper on "the
use of the fan." of which the following
Is a fragment:
¦Women are amr-d with fans, as men with
swords, and sometime* dr> more execution with
them. To the end. therefore, that ladles may
be entire mistresses of the weapon which they
befr. I have erected an academy for the traln
ln«r up of yr.ung; women in the exercise of the
ran according to the most fashionable airs and
rr.otlori3 that ar* now practiced at court. The
ladles who carry fans under me are drawn up
twice a day In my great hall, where they are
Instructed in the use of their arms and 'exer
c-sod by the following words of command:
Handle your fana.
Unfurl your fans.
Dl?charpe your fan*.
Ground your fans.
Recover your fana.
Flutter rour fana.
nity. But Addison had little- of Steele's
originality; he lacked utterly his kind
heart and hla Intuitive knowledge of hu
man nature. Addlson's wit does not bowl
the victim in the dust like Dr. Johnson's,
or nil him with caustic poison like Swift's,
or pierce him with a keen sting lik»
Fope'n, but It Is no less cruel. Because,
like Steele, Addison attacked not Individ
uals, but vices and follies, he has gained
the name of a kindly humorist; but not
withstanding this one may look in vain
in his books for a sympathetic touch. So
gracefully, so elegantly, with such seem
ing good nature Is the blow given that
one may overlook the fact that in reality
It was dealt In pure malice. Steele's little
sketches breathe with life; Addison'a are
pay and graceful caricatures. Stella is
perfectly natural, often careless and In
correct; Addison is artificial and studied.
Beneath every humorous sketch by Steele
there is an undertone of tenderness, of
human sympathy: strip the polite veneer
from Addison and there appear only In
sinuation and malevolence.
HUmOR Of ENGLISH AND AMERICAN LITERATURE
For a century after Shakespeare the In
fluence of classicism with its rigid stand
ards, its cold criticism, its Intelligent bril
liancy, froze the genial current of English
literature. In all the century, with its
numbers of great writers, there was no
real humorist until Richard Steele, the
warm-hearted Irish captain of the Guard,
began in the Tatler that delightful dally
commentary on the manners, the vani
ties, the absurdities of the life that he
saw about him. Swift and Pope lived In
the same atmosphere and observed the
same weaknesses, but what a world of
difference between their satire and
Steele's!
Pope was satisfied with nothing but an
epigram as flittering a3 a stiletto and rs
keen; Swift fought with oil of vitriol, his
•wounds were never healed, never for
given; Steele had a heart as well as an
Intellect, he never forgot that his neigh
bor, with all his little vanities and weak
nesses, was, after all. a poor fellow-human
creature. It Is Impossible to read the
Tatler (1709-1711) an hour and not love Its
author. Wayward he was and improvi
dent; not always wife with the wine. It
may be; but he was a loyal friend and
companion who emptied his pockets at a
tale ot distress and who scattered sun-,
sbine like a summer day. How op-
Copyright, 1900, b y Seymour Eaton-
The Bee Hive Shoe Store, 717 Market,
this day opens a shoe trust sale. The
prices are so low that they will make
the public talk. One thousand two hun
dred and thirteen cases were bought of J.
Evert, who v.-lthdrew from the trust com
bination. Ladles' French kid shoes,
worth $4 50. sale price $1 90;. ladies' vlcl
kid, $3 50, at $1 65; men's fine calf, J4, at
$1 65. at the Bee Hive. 717 Market street,
near Third. •
The second installment of .
that splendid serial, "In Male .
Attire," * will appear in next •
Sunday's Call. If you missed '
the first chapters do not over- .
look this number, for the story •
promises to be extraordinarily ¦
interesting. A synopsis of the
preceding chapters will be
given at the beginning so "you .
can catch the thread of the ro- -
mance and begin to read it now.
Shoes That Talk.
Mizpah Fair a Success.
The Mizpah charity "fair took place last
night In the parlors of the Swedenborglan
Church at Fillmore and O'Farrell streets.
The fair was one of the most successful
ever Riven. In the charmingly decorated
parlors the following ladles presided:
Raffle table — Mrs. Herbert. Necktie table —
Mrs. T. J. Schuyler. Mrs. Milton Gabbs, Sin.
Howard Turner. Apron table — Mrs. I. Bertz,
Mrs. W. Hollls.
Reception commute*— Mrs. A. C. Rulofnon.
Mrt. Horace N«w*ll, Mrs. Countryman and
Mi ». Ppelker.
Two Bankrupts.
Petitions In Insolvency were filed In the
United States District Court yesterday by
Ostrom Brothers of Stanislaus County
¦who owe $9275 35 and have no assets, and
by Collin B. Harris, cabinetmaker of this
city, who owet $2086 and has $1200 asseta.
Ppoclal Dispatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER. B. C. Nov. 9.— The
Oriental quarter of the fishing town of
Steveston is in an uproar over the pres
ence of a Chinese leper, who cannot be
located by the authorities. Ah Ling es
caped five days ago from Darcy Island,
the Canadian station on the Pacific
Coast. He got away in an open boat and
in a day and a night succeeded In pad
dling the forty miles from the Island to
Steveston. He was there for more than
a day before the authorities learned of his
presence. The Chinese are doing every
thing possible to protect the leper, and al
though the police have been working night
and day, they cannot find him. If he gets
away from Steveston there is little hope
of ever apprehending him.
Ah Ling was taken to Darcy Island two
years ago from Vancouver. , He was not
seriously aflilcted and it is said the dis
ease can hardly be detected on him. There
are five other lepers at the station, two of
whom are In. the last stages of the
leprosy.
""¦ ' ¦¦¦¦ ¦*•!*-¦ ¦
Albion Off the Bocks.
VANCOUVER. B. C. Nov. 9.— The
steamer Albion returned to-day from the
northern coast of British Columbia after
having spent six hours on the rocks near
the mouth of the Skeena River. The tide
was on the ebb and the ship, after rising
and falling for about two hours, finally
settled down with a bad list to star
board. The waves were constantly break*
ing over her and twenty tons of coal was
Jettisoned, the water tanks emptied and
the ship lightered In every possible way.
The Albion got off the rocks at floodtlde
and made this port leaking and with the
pumps working. •
Police of the British Columbia Town
Unable to Find a Fugitive
From Darcy Island
Station.
SHIELDING OF LEPER
BY STEVESTON CHINESE
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 9.-Emlle P. Mayer,
the young merchant who has been
charged with embezzling funds while a
clerk with the I. \V. Spring Company,
presented a sensational affidavit in Jus
tice Oneal's court this morning, when
ho asked for a change of venue on the
ground of prejudice of the Justice. A few
weeks ago Mayer was convicted on an
other charge and Oneal sentenced him to
pay a fine of 1250 and serve sixty days in
jail. The second charge is one In which
Mayer is alleged to have converted to
his own use • $18 he received from Jose
Juarez for a suit of clothing he sold
while clerking for the Spring Company.
Since he left the Spring Company Mayer
and a brother have been conducting a
clothing store on Santa Clara street.
In his affidavit for a change of venue
Mayer swears that on election day he
met Justice Oneal, who was elected
State Senator in the Thlrty-flrst District,
at the eleventh precinct polling place.
He says Oneal approached nlm and said:
"I understand the Ortegas and the
Mayers are out against me. What is the
matter — didn't you like It because I con
victed you?"
To this the afflant replied: "What we
don't like about it is not the judgment,
but you holding me in 51000 bail."
The Justice is alleged to have then said
to. affiant: "Let me see. I ga.ve you 5250
and sixty days. I am sorry I didn't dve
you J300."
When the affidavit was read in court to
day Justice Oneal's face became ashen
and after a few preliminary remarks he
adjourned court for an hour to allow the
prosecution to present affidavits con
tradicting .he statement. On reconven
ing an affidavit by Elmer E. Cottle
deputy City Treasurer, was presented It
denied the statements made by Mayer
and de^ared Oneal in the presence ot
deponent, had said:
"I suppose you are sorry I didn't fine you
$500, so you could have an excuse for fight
ing me harder."
After the reading of the affidavit Justice
Oneal granted the change of venue on
statutory grounds to Justice Rosenthal's
court.
Mayer, when accused by the Sprinc
Company of taking funds not belonging to
him. acknowledged, he had taken a few
dollars and turned over JSOO worth of
building and loan stock to cover any
shortage. Later he brought suit to re
cover the stock, alleging he had been
coerced Into signing it over. He admitted
that he owed the Spring Company $14. He
also has a suit pending -in the Superior
Court to compel Justice Oneal to sign
papers on appeal in the sujt in which he
was convicted.
Files a Sensational Affidavit Charg
ing State Senator-Elect Oneal
of San Jose With
Prejudice.
ALLEGED EMBEZZLER
ACCUSES THE COURT
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA BARBARA, Nov. 9.— Dr. Wal
te,r R. Gwln, who sped across the conti
nent two years ago with pretty Miss
Lake, his intended bride, arrived here iast
night from hid Santa Maria home and
perfected his divorce from Josephine
Gwin, his first iove. He was accompanied
by his mother. Since the trial for bigamy
at Fall River, Mass., after the doctor's
memorable journey in handcuffs from Los
Angeles, the two have lived at Santa
Maria on the mother's fruit ranch.
In the meantime a child was born to
Mrs, Gwin number two and the doctor be
gan to feel the responsibility of papahood.
lie had thought himself free from his first
wife, but it developed that he was pos
fipsscd of two better halves, according to
the New England laws, and he took steps
to shield the baby's name.
In -a few days Dr. and Mrs. Gwin and
the baby will go to Arizona .to have the
knot tle'd over again. The divorce case
was quietly worked by a Santa Maria at
torney. The decree was granted at a
ppecial session and there was no chance
for opposition by Mrs. Josephine Gwln.
Man Once on Trial for Bigamy
Straightens Out His Marital
Tangle In a Santa Bar
bara Court.
DE. GWIN DIVORCED
FROM FIRST WIFE
FRED LEWIS PATTEE.
Pennsylvania State College.
* *
two men by observing the part taken by
each in the characterization of Sir Roger
de Coverley. that most charming creation
in all the periodical era. Both Steele and
Addison contributed studies for this typ
ical English gentleman, but It was Ste»le>
who added the little touches that make
him a living creation. Everything about
Sir Roger that is lovable was added by
Steel**, in Addition's papers he Is a simple
rural autocrat, good-natured yet ignorant,
affected, conceited. In Steele's/ papers he
Is a jolly, whole-hearted, thoroughly lov
able man, whose sayings and doings are
humorous in the widest sense- of the word.
Dick Steele was the humorist of the
early eighteenth century, even as Pope
was its epigrammatist and Swift its
satirist. Addison was to the prose of the
century what Pope was to the poetry. His
wit Is brilliant, his satire Is graceful and
amusing, but he Is not a great humorist,
for he had no heart.
No one has better expressed the situa
tion than Thackeray:
If Steele Is not our friend he in nothtnr. He
Is by no means the most brilliant of wits. ;i.;r
the deepest of thinkers: "but he is cur friend:
we love him as children love their lov« with
an A, because he id amiable. Who likes a
man best because he is the cleverest or the
wl««t of mankind; or a woman becau** »he
is the most virtuous, or talks Frct.ch or r'ays
the piano better than the rest of her sex? I
own to liking Dick Steele the man and Plr!c
Steele the author much better than mnch bet
ter men and much better author*.
DICK STEELE. THE IMPROVI
DENT AND GOOD-HEARTED
"TATLER."
- It Is customary among literary his
torians ' to treat the founders of the
eighteenth century essay as a kirtd of
constellation revolving about its great
center, Joseph Addison. Steele, notwith
standing that he originated the periodical
essay and wrote the greater part of the
Tatler and nearly half the Spectator, Is
often lost Bight of in the effulgence that
surrounds the central figure. There Is no
question that "in point of literary skill
any one of Addlson's papers is worth all
Steele's put together." but mere technique
Is not all there Is In literature. Pope la
not superior to Shakespeare.
Addison was as witty as Steele, perhaps
more so: he was a craftsman of exquisite
skill: he was restrained and accurate
elegant and critical. One cannot help
picturing- him as a man flawlessly dressed
with the daintiest of gloves and ties, al
ways anxious about the proprieties: never
caught off his guard or beneath his dig- ,
Our club meets precisely at six o'clock in th»
evening; but I did not come last night until
half an hour after seven, by which means I es
caped the battle of Naseby, which the major
usually begins at about three-quarter* after
s'x. I found also that my good friend the
boncher had already spent three of his distlchs
and only wanted an opportunity to hear a ser
r.ion spoken of that he might Introduce the
eouplet where "a stick" rhymes to "ecclesias
tic." • • • Old Reptile was extremely at
tentive to' all that was said, though it was
the same he had heard every night for these
twenty years, and upon all occasions winked
upon his nephew to mind what passed.
Or, again, take this exquisite picture of
the extremes of feminine vanity:
Miss Margery Beckerstaft*. my great aunt,
had £1000 to her portion, which our family was
desirous of keeping among themselves, and
therefore used all possible means to turn off
her thoughts from marriage. The method they
took. was. In any time of danger, to throw a
new gown or petticoat In her way. When she
was about 25 years of age she fell In love with
a man of an agreeable temper and equal for
tune, and would certainly have married him
had not my grandfather. Sir Jacob, dressed her
up in a suit of flowered satin, upon which she
set so Immoderate a value upon herself that
the lover was condemned and discarded. In
the fortieth year of her age she was asula
smitten, but very luckily transferred her pas
sion to a tippet, which was presented to her
by another relation who was in the plot. This,
with a white sarcenet hood, kept her safe in
the family until 50. About SO. which generally
produces a kind of latter spring in amorous
constitutions, my Aunt Margery had again a
colt's tooth In her head, and would certainly
have eloped from the mansion house had not
her brother Simon, who was a wise man and
a scholar, advised to dress her In cherry-col
ored ribbands, which was the only expedient
that could have been found out by the wit of
man to preserve the £1000 In our family, part
of which I enjoy at this time.
Honest old Dick Reptile Is the third of our
society. He is a good-natured, indolent man.
who speaks little himself, but laughs at our
jokes, and brings his young nephew along with
him. a youth of eighteen years old. to show
him pood company and give him a taste of the
world. This young fellow sits generally tllent;
but whenever he opens his mouth or laughs at
anything that passes, he Is constantly told by
his uncle, after a Jocular manner. "Ay. ay.
Jack, you young men think us fools; but we
old men know you are." The greatest wit of
our company, next to myself. Is a bencher of
the neighboring inn. • • •
The whole quaint age of Queen Anne
rises before us» as we read these delight
ful pages. We smile at the absurdities
and the petty vanities of the fair ones;
we visit the theaters, the coffee-houses,
the court, the clubs: we enter the home
circles and sit by the fireside and join
In all the tragedies and comedies of do
mestic life, and ever we are shown a pic
ture true In every detail to nature, run
ning over with sympathy for the true and
detestation of the false, abounding In sly
drollery, wit, pathos— humor in Its largest
sense. It Is impossible to sample ade
quately this inexhaustible living foun
tain — one must dip Into it deeply; but let
us take a fragment from the description
of the Trumpet Club:
Ills physician and his wife were in close
whisper near his bedside. I overheard the doc
tor say to the poor gentlewoman, "He cannot
possibly live till five in the morning." She
received it like the mistress of a family, pre
pared for all events. At the same Instant came
in a servant, who said. "Madam, the unrter
tEker is below according to your order." The
words were scarce out of her mouth when th«
sick man cried out with a feeble voice. "Pray,
doctor, how went bank stock to-day at
'change?"
With Steele "good nature was." as he
himself expressed it, "an essential quality
In a satirist." He aimed his shaft, not at
persons, but at baseness and folly. We
condemn the vice, we laugh at the lu
dicrous situation, but we pity the victim.
Sometimes we smile when we feel more
like crying.
Here lies Don Alonzo, slain by a wound rt
ci-ived in his left breast, the oriflce of which
was bo small no surgeon could discover it.
Reader. If thou wouldst avoid po strange a
deeth look not upon Lucinda's eyes.
One might quote indefinitely. Every
where there Is good cheer and sunshine
and merry laughter. Wit there Is In
abundance, but it leaves no sting; an In
ward glow of laughter and good will,
never boisterous, is ever with us as we
read. Here is an epitaph, for Instance:
I was walking about my chamber this morn
inc In a very gay humor, when I saw a coach
stop at my door.
I was this evening sitting at the side table
and reading one of my own papers with great
satisfaction, not knowing that I was observed
by any in the room.
I know no manner of speaking so offensive
as that of giving praise and closing it with
an exception.
f •
timistio and Joyous is his outlook upoi
life! He is never cast down, never bit
ter like Swift, or waspish like Pope. Oper
his papers at random and catch the cheerj
note that never dies:
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 9.— To Los
Angeles fell the honor of the
first performance of Maurice
Grau's colossal enterprise which
is to carry across the continent
and return a company of 2.V) people, in
cluding the most noted wizards of song in
the world. A guarantee of the snug little
sum of $16,000 had to be provided before
Mr. Grau would let his song birds loose
in the land of sunshine, but from present
Indications the guarantors will not suffer
as the result of the speculation.
Hazards Pavilion is a gaunt and grim
building, the smoky battle ground of polit
ical conventions, while its walls have
echoed the spellbinding periods of many
famous orators; but It Is not used to such
matchless music as flowed from its stage
last night. The local manager, Len
Behyner, had, it is true, accomplished
wonders with the poor material at his
command, and had considerably improved
the acoustic properties of the barn, but
on the flat floor mo6t of the people could
barely see the conductor, always one of
the most interesting features of opera,
and, worst of all, they could not see one
another.
Mrs. Flgueroa Street could not size up
the glory and the price of Mrs. Park
Place's toilet and Miss Marlborough
could not realize how unbecoming was
Miss Pasadena's coiffure. Nevertheless,
tho ladies did not neglect the opportunity
of displaying their beat and newest frocks
and to the gods above the scene below
was as brilliant as a Melba night
should be.
This is Melba's third visit to California
In three years, and although each year
emphasizes the relentless truth that she
has passed the heydey of her youth, and
that her waist is not so slim as in the
days of the Duke of Orleans' worship at
her shrine, yet her voice is as superb
and her art as Incomparable as of yore.
The diva has no opportunity in "La" Bo
heme." the opera sung to-night, of wear
ing sumptuous gown. Mimi is only of the
Latin quarter and she never rises to the
Madame Gadski says she is in much bet
ter health than she was when here a year
ago. She is accompanied by her husband
Herr Tauscher, and their little girl. Gad
ski said she would appear on Tuesday
evening In her favorite role of Elizabeth
in "Tannhauser."
Saleza paid the Grand Opera-house a
visit late yesterday afternoon and after
striking a few notes he was enthusiastic
over the acoustic qualities of the house.
Saleza is yet a young "man. of dis
tinguished appearance. He was born in
the south of France and studied In the
Conservatory of Paris; He took first prize
when he graduated and was entitled to
sing in the Grand Opera-house of Paris,
but he was only 20 years of age and he
decided to appear for a short time at the
Opera Comlqun. where he made a tre
mendous hit. He soon afterward sang at
the Grand Opera-house of Paris, where
he was retained as the leading tenor.
Two years ago he appeared at Covent
Garden. London, and the music lovers of
the great metropolis went wild over him.
Albert Saleza, the famous tenor who Is
to appear next Monday in the opening
night of the grand opera season, and
Madame GadskI arrived on the overland
yesterday morning.
Properties of the Grand.
SALEZA ANI> GADSKI AKRIVE.
Noted Tenor Pleased With Acoustic
Saturday afternoon "Romeo and Juliet"
will be given and "Lohengrin" In the
evening.
fully designed double duet, the artists be
ing rewarded with a half dozen recalls.
Melba; however, would not gratify the
desire for an encore as she had to* save
her voice for the mad scene from "Lucia,"
which was given as a bonus after the
conclusion of "La iloheme."
] If any evidence were needed that Melba
is still in her prime, her marvelous sing
ing of the great "Lucia" aria must have
proven convincing. She has sung it here
before, but never with more splendid ef
fect. Her listeners could not contain
themselves and broke forth with applause
that lasted several seconds as she flnA
lshed the coloratura with the flute ac
companiment.
apotheosis that Trilby reached.
But never has Melba been heard to
greater advantage, for she Is enamored of
"Lit Boheme." in which she also has a
financial Interest, having purchased the
riphts of production in the L'nited States,
and the queen of pong so throws her soui
into the Impersonation of Mimi that her
critics can no longer complain of her cold
ness or lack of sympathy.
Both Melba and Grau declare that ths
cast to-night if the most perfect that has
ever adorned "La Boheme ' since the score
left Puccini's hands.
Cremonini will be pronounced the best
tenor heard for many a long year on thu
coast, incomparably atronper than Bon
nard. who came with Melba on her last
visit. Cremonini was to-nlRht's Rudolfo
and fairly divided the honors of the pro
duction with the prlma donna. The mezzo
soprano. Miss Fritzi Scheff, made her
American debut to-night and added to the
laurels she has already won in Pans and
Berlin. The sprightly role of Musetta \a
well suited to her talents; she is pretty,
chic and a much cleverer actress than is
usually made in Germany.
Campanarl is here again with his bell
like tones that have made him probably
the best barytone in the world. He sang
the role of Marcello perfectly. The basso
is Journet and he did not miss his op
portunity to distinguish himself in his one
chance, his apostrophe to his treasured
overcoat which, it will be recalled, he
sacrificed to buy medicine for the dying
Mini. Cilllibert. a rich and unctuous bar
ytone, with plenty of big; humor — he is a
giant — on 1 the side, was the fourth of the
impoverished lovelorn students. Dufrlche
completed the list of principals, being as
signed the double role of Musetta's super
annuated lover and the landlord of Ru
dolfo's quarters.
Mancinelll wielded the baton over the
splendid orchestra of half a hundred
pieces. Puccini's orchestration is as sub
tle as it Is superb, and it is impossible
to imagine that greater justice could be
done to the score.
The audience, which numbered 2600 souls,
was calmly critical at first. "La Boheme"
was sung- here for the first time in the
United States three years a.so by the Del
Conte Company, and the opera has been
a favorite with local music lovers ever
since, but enthusiasm was displayed after
the climax of the third act. the" wonder-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1900.,
First /lppearar\ce ir\ America of a Splendid /\ggregatior\ of Stars
Warmly Qreeted by the City's Wealth and Beauty.
BRILLIANT OPENING OF GRAU GRAND
OPERA SEASON IN LOS ANGELES
M1IE. GADSKI, WAGNERIAN SOPRANO, AND ALBERT SALEZA. TENOR, BOTH FAMOUS GRAND OPERA
SINGERS. ARRIVE IN SPLENDID HEALTH AND ANXIOUSLY AWAIT RINGING UP OF THE CURTAIN
FOR THE OPENING NIGHT OF THE GRAU SEASON.
IV.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
ADDISON'S WIT AND DICK STEELE'S HUMOR.
7
SAN JOSE, Nov. 9.— H. Brown has been
arrested at Watsonvllle through the local
Sheriffs office. for the theft of a horse and
Middle at Palo Alto.. Brown was given food
and a place to sleep at Paulaen'a stable, near
Palo Alto, on Wednwday night, and durln*
the night saddled up a horse and left. A tele-
graphic warrant caught him at Watsonvllle. .
For a Cold in the He.td.
Laxative Bromo-Qulnine Tablets. •
All sorts of people use Pears' soap, aa sorts
of stores sell it, especially druggists.
No other soap in
the world is used so
much; or so little of
it goes so far. •
AMUSEMENTS.
ALF ELUXGHOUSJS, Proprietor and ire'r
Phone South 770.
MATIXEE TO-DAY. AND TO-NIGHT
JUST REALIZE, LAST TWO PERFORM-
ANCES OF THE BIG SHOW!
KING OF THEOPIUM RING
To-morrow, Sunday. Afternoon— Th# ToDular
Oomodian. FRANK TANNKHILL JR and
Ills Own Company. Dlreot From the Four-
t*«>nth-5tr«vet Theater. New York City Pre-
»-«?nt!np the Great Eastern Success,
"A YOUNG WIFE!"
POPULAR. PRICES.
Ey^'l^S !5c - 2^- *5c COc and 7Bc
MATINEE _ 15c. 20c. 35c and 50c
MATTNEE TO-DAT (SATURDAT), Nov. 10.
Parquet, ISo, any seat; balcony, lOc; Children.
ICc. any part exempt reserved.
GREATEST VAUDEVILLE 8HOW ON
EARTH.
THE DUNHAM FAMILY, JESSIE
COUTHOTJI, MAGGIE MOORE,
NORA BOYES, DOLAN AND
LZNHARB, PRELLE'S TALKING
DOGS, HOWARD AND BLAND.
Vi'ORLD and HASTINGS. JOHNSON. RIANO
and BENTLET.
...THEY DO~REALIZE...
THE LAST PERFORMANCES OF
THE FTNNIEisT SHOW ON EARTH.
"WHOSE BABY ARE YOU?"
TO-DAY AND TO-NIGHT.
And They Are Coming to Kee It Mighty Fast.
TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) AFTERNOON.
The Musical Event of the Season.
THE ROYAL MARINE BAND OF ITALY.
The Sensation of two Continents.
Presenting Classical and Popular Muslo and
Complete Acts from Operas.
55 MUSICIANS— ALL ARTISTS.
USUAL POPULAR PRICES. '
MATINEE TO-DAY
TO-NIGHT AND SUNDAY— LAST TIMES
STUART ROBSON
And H!« Excellent Supporting Company In
"SHE STOOPS TO CONQUER."
Oliver Goldsmith's Immortal Comedy.
Beginning NEXT MONDAY,
FRANK DANIELS
In Victor Herbert's Latest Comic
Opera Hit,
"THE AMEER."
SEATS NOW READY.
BASEBALL!
Sacramento
vs.
San Francisco.
SATURDAY AT 3 f\ M.
SUN DA Y AT 2.-3O F*. M.
RECREATION PARK
Elcfatb and Harrison Street*.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
1HW-WINTER MEETING— 190X.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
NOV. ZT> TO NOV. 17TH. INCLUSIVE.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Racing Monday. Tuesday, Wednesday Thur»-
fiay, Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine
Five or more races each day.
Races etart at 2:16 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boat* leave San Francisco at 12 m and
12:80. 1. 1:30. 2. 2:30 and 3 p. m.. ¦ e?n£«£S
with trains stopping at the entrance to the
track. L«?t two cars on train reserved for
ladies and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
ferry ticket* to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with Han Pablo avenu«
electric cars at Seventh and Broadwav Oak-
Innd. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with 8an Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway. Oakland. These electric cars
Co direct to the track In flrteen minutes
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4:45 p. m. and Immediately after the last race
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President!
R. B. HILROY. Secretary.
SHERMAN. CUY & CVS HALL.
Direction S. H. Friedlander & Co
TO-DAY at 3:15 p. m., LAST PIANO RECITAL
By the Wonderful Child Artist
LITTLE ENID BRANDT,
Who Has Created Such a Sensation Among the
Music LoveVs of the City.
Seati on Sale at Pherman. Clay & Co.*8 Music
Store.
Frier* ii- 7Sc fiOo.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Perfect
Satisfaction
If such a thing exists on earth
is enjoyed by owners of
Washburn
Guitars, Mandolins and
Banjos. Ask one of them;
they will tell you a Washburn
is the. source of endless de-
light.
_ —
Send us your name and ad-
dress and we will send you a
handsome book about Wash-
burns.
KOHLER & CHASE
Music House*
26-30 O'FARRELL ST.,
Snti f Francisco, Cat.
I ¦ HP nOll X I Corner Fourth and
.AFr KilYul - k §^ r B^
UHIL IIUIHL e^s.s^
valise,* checked fre*
AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND OPEftTSEASOH !
MAURICE GRAU OPERA CO.
Beginning MONPAY EVEXXXQ, Nov. Uth.
Morosco's Grandlpera House.
MONDAY EVENINO. N"vmb»r 12th. «t S
o'clock. <jr>uno<J - « Opera.
•"ROMKO ET JT'MFTTE." (In French.)
MsiPf. M<»lba. Bridewell, Hau^rmeister: MM.
»1. d* Koyzk*. Plancon. Bars, Sires.
GUIibert. Dufrirh". Maxelro and
Saleza.
/ ~on<Juctor Kip. MandnellL
)' ESDAT KVENJNG. November 13th. at 8
o'clock. Wajrner's Opera,
"TANNHAUFER. 1 <In Gprman.)
Mam. Gad*ki. < ilitzka and Ptisan Strong: MM.
Van I»y<-k. B'.ass. liars. Huhlmann.
H'-t>»nn«>t. Vi-.-lar.i and Bl*j>ham.
Conductor Mr. Walter Damrosch.
tVEPNESDAY EVENING. November 14th. at 8
o'clock. Ver-ii'* Op^ra,
"A1DA." <In Italian.)
Mines. Noriiica. Bauernie'.st'r and Lculse
Homer: MM. Fc-ottt. Plancon. Journet.
Mase'.ro ar.d Imbart de ]% Tour.
Conductor Site. Mancinelll.
THURSDAY EVENING. November 15th. at t
o'clock. Gounod'* Opera.
"FAl'ST." (In French. )
lime*. Melba, Bnuermeister. Homer; MM.
Fa!«»ta. Campenari. Dufrlche and Planr-n.
Conductor../. M. Flon.
FRIDAY EVENING. November l€th. at 8
o'clock. Warner's Opera,
•T>ER FLIEGKNPE HOLLANDER" The
Flyir.e Puti-hman. <In German.)
Mraes. Gadrkl nr.d "!!'zkii: MM. Pippel. nia»».
Ears an<1 Biirham.
OnductT Mr. Walter Damrot«ch.
FATX'RDAV AFTERNOON. November 17th. at
2 n'clnck Itnnfzettf'* Oj>era.
• I,rciA PI LAM1IERMOOR." <In Italian.)
Mme*. Mr'.ba. Bauprmelster: MM. Scottl. Bars.
J->urr«'t. Maseiro and OrrnordnL
Conductor SIR. Mancinelll.
EATURDAT EVENINO. November 17th. at I
o'clock. Warner'* <">pera.
"LOHENGRIN." (In German.)
Mrr»e«i. Nonllca and Pchumann-Helnk: MM.
Van Pyk. Bippham. Muhlmann and
i;d. d* Refik*.
Conductor Mr. Walter Pamrnfch.
Gr-'d peats for All of Above Performances on
Sile at Box Orf.ce.
FRITP— <">rrhe*ira ar.1 Drr«s Circle. $7:
Pack Rows of Orchestra. f3; Family Circle.
f,- Ga!!ery. $r: aJi rei«*Tv»d. Boxes. 140 to f><>.
WEBER PIANOS f. g ED.
MATINEE TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
LAST TWO NIGHTS.
NEWS MffA\2% &*Vr* ¥ PANY
ONLY THIS WEEK.
First Production on Any Stse* of Svdn»y Ro-
p>er.^:d's Farcical Romance of South
A DIVORCE* COLONY.
Ever.lng Price* 10c, lie. 25c. 60c
A Few Front Rows In Orchestra 75c
Matinee Prices 10c 15o. 2Sc. 50e— No higher
Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
L.APT TIMB TO-NIGHT.
"TROVATQRE."
Positively Final Performances of
"CARMEN.'*
THIS AFTERNOON AND rXNDAY NIGHT.
' ¦
NEXT WEEK— LAST PERFORMANCES of
the Grand Opera Season.
"Cavalleria" and **P2g-li8cci,"
"Ernani," "Othello " "MignoiT
With COLLAMARINI as MIGNON.
LAST FOUR NIGHTS.
MATINEE TO-DAY and SUNDAY.
LOST
PARADISE!
TTEDNEEDAT NIGHT— Lota of Fun. A. M.
Palmer 1 * Success.
"HIS ABSENT BOY"
CHUTES^ and ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENINO.
SPECIAL TO-NIGHT :
GRAND BENEFIT FOB THE SER-
VICE MEN OF THE SPAN-
ISH WAR.
AIR CONCERT BY FIRST REGIMENT
BAND, N. G. C.
Monster Cakewalk I
Telephone for Seats, Park 23.
rKPHFR'^ CONCERT HOUSt.
P:o Fmed, Eylvla Puerarl. Cesare Aiiesan-
ironl, Antonio Vargas, Adclbert and Adelaide
Fr&r.k. Frank and Cella Morris and Claire Fex.
Reserved State, 2Sc; Matinee Sunday.
If ycur druggist dors not krep McBu-nev's Kidn-v an.l Bladder Cure, or
j: y->u cm not avail yourself of THIS FREE OFFER, ?enj 25c in st.;mp^
to W. F. McB'jrnry, 418 S. S?ring St., L. A., Cj.., and sreure a sampl-
bottle 0! MfBurney'i KiJncy and Badd-r Cure. Express prepaid on receipt
cf price, 61.50.
It l« vour opportunitv to be cured- Only a limited ijutnrer of sample-
trill rje given away. Ccm* first and don't waft until all nrs* giv^n awny nnd
h- disarncinrrd. R m mter ti.e places GEO. DAHLEENDER & CO.
and THE OWL DRUG CO.
Sole Manufacturer of McBurney's
Will give the citizens of San Francisco and sur-
rounding country an opportunity to test the mar-
velous healing properties of McBurney's Kidney
and Bladder Cure.
GEO. DAHLBENDER & CO.. .214 KEARNY STREET
W. F. McBURNEY,
Trade Marie. — .
_ Sample bottles
will be given away Absolutely Free of Charge
THIS SATURDAY ONLY
At THE OWL DRUG CO 1128 MARKET STREET
ADVERTISEMENTS.CHICO. Nov. P.— The preliminary ex
amination of Charles Tess'.er and Charles
Freeman vas hold here to-day, both m*xi
l.e!r.f? held to answer before the Superior
Court on charges nf burglary. Bail was
fixed at fcj'H.'O in each case.
Held for Burglary.
RIVERSIDE; Nov. $•.— The first carload
of oranges to be shipped from Kiverside
this season was sent to New York this
evening. Present indications point to a
larper supply of ornnjres for the Eastern |
Christ mas trade than was over sent from
Riverside. The v.arm weather during the
past ten days has been the means of
coloring tho fruit very much, which alon^
Insures heavy shipments for the holiday
tradf.
First Shipment of Oranges.
BAM DIEGO. Nov. S— The United BUtM
train'.r.g ehip Adams arrived in port to-day
from Mapdal'P.a Bay. n-h<>r^ she ha* be*n prai
tic'.r.tr with her suns. The Adams is *c-h«»«i
¦u>d to sail for Hllo. Hawaiian I^iands. on the
J3th. b-ut may be detained heiv a few days
lafr. AH well en board.
Spadafore of San
Jose.
SAN JOSE. Nov. ¦.'.— The two-year-old
*in of Mr. and Mrs. G. Spadafore. Living
en Pomona avenue, tc-day swallowed the
contents of a bottle of carbolic acij.
vhich he found in a sewing machine
drnwer, ar.d died in horrible agony.
A"vrful Death of the Infant Son of G.
BABY SWALLOWS CARBOLIC
ACID, DYING IN AGONY
Sheriff Young of I'ark County was shot
end instantly killed and his deputy, Frank
Eellcr, fatally wounded to-night by an
unknown man whom they were attempt
ing to arrest.
The shooting occurred In the Xorthern
Pacific depot. The murderer was traced
to the depot by the Sheriff and his deputy,
who wanted him for an assault upon a
man at Logran last night. As* soon as the
efflcers entered the station the murderer
opened tire upon them without warning.
Sheriff Young dropped dead at the nr5t
shot and Beiler was faially wounded by
the Eocond bullet. The murderer jumped
through a wlr.doT and escaped. Hun
dreds of armed men are in pursuit of tli<;
aprasEin and hts capture is almost cer
tain.
BUTTE. Mont., Nov. 8.— A epecial to the
Miner from Springdale, Mont., says:
Murderer at Bay Fights
With Despsration and
Escapes.
SHERIFF KILLED,
DEPUTY WOUNDED
The Rush was engaged during the sum
mer in Indian census enumeration. Attu
Island, in past years densely populated
with Alaskan natives, contained only
seventy-throe souls. And Atka. the larg
est island of the group, has an Indian
population of but 173. This island, hall
a century apo supported a great tribe.
During* the'paet season measles and
pneumonia carried off the Indians by the
score, and should these diseases become
epidemic again next year the archipelago
will becorr.-: almost depopulated.
SEATTLE. Nov. 9.— Officers of the
United States revenue cutter Richard
Kush report that the Aleution Island
Indians, as well as those of the Alaska
poninsula and on the mainland, are dying
off at an alarming rate.
Census of Aleutian Islands
Also Show Marked
Decrease.
ALASKA INDIANS
ARE DYING OFF
DESIGN APPROVED BY THK
BATTLE OF MANILA MON- .
U1IEXT COMMITTEE.
THE Battle of Manila Monument
committee has given its approval
to the design submitted by
George T. Brewster, the New
York sculptor. Certain modifica
tions will be suggested and the sculptor
will; be required to submit a model. If
the | result is satisfactory the formal
award to Brewster will be made.
The decision was reached at a meeting
of the committee at the Hopkins Institute
of Art yesterday, afternoon, at which
there were present Mayor James D.
Phelan, Captain R. H. Fletcher, TV. G.
Stafford, Vanderlyn Stow, F. "W. Van
Sicklen and Charles Hirsch. The Brew
ster design had been, favored at former
meetings and the decision reached was
practically only a confirmation of the
earlier verdict.
The design thus provisionally accepted
Is a classic column, surmounted by a
winged figure, somewhat like that of the
Native Sons' monument by Douglas Til
den. It is conventional and while little
originality is shown by the sculptor, the
shaft will bo one of classic beauty.
The committee decided that seventy-six
feet, the proposed height, was not enough,
and the sculptor will be asked to Increase
the height. The committee also is anx
ious that the material used be California
granite. Another change suggested is
that , bronze tablets, commemorative ot
Dewey's victory, be placed on the faces of
the base.
Associated with the sculptor is the firm
of Brite & Bacon, architects, of New
York.
Twelve sculptors submitted designs,
among them being F. Peano of Oakland,
and Douglas Tilden, R. I. Aitken, Ru
pert Schmid, and Rupert Schmid and M.
P. Xeilson in collaboration.
The fund available for the monument is
$35,000. It was ] orginally meant for a
Dewey monument or arch, but later it
was decided to make it commemorative of
the great naval victory Instead of the
man. The fund was started by a $10,003
subscription by Claus Spreckels and
others subscribed $25,000 additional. The
monument will probably be erected In
Union Square.
The Battle of Manila Monument fund
should not be confused with the Soldiers'
and Sailors' Monument fund, which con
sists of the surplus of $25,000 from the
money raised for the reception of the
California volunteers.
New York Sculptor Is Successful in the Battle of
Manila Monument Competition.
Committee Asks That a
"Model Be Submitted and
Suggests Changes.
California Granite Urged
Upon Architects as Ma
terial to Be Used.
V •— '¦ — -
Union Square the Probable
Site for Commemoration
of Victory. /
BREWSTER'S DESIGN OF
CLASSIC PILLAR CHOSEN
Pallas is a shoe clerk and was formerly
employed in a Market-street store. He
is modest and unassuming and considers
that he has done nothing deserving of
special credit. Having risked his own life
so often in saving others from drown
ing, he has come to look upon the danger
as trivial and the deed as one of com
monplace, everyday occurrence.
grateful thanks upon Pallas when her s
was brought home and she was told
the brave rescue.
AUGUSTUS R. FAX.LAS. "WHO
RESCUED A BOY FROM
DROWNING.
AUGUSTUS R. PALLAS of 335
Bryant street, added another,
the ninth one, yesterday to his
record of lives saved. This last
was a heroic rescue from death
by. drowning .of. a boy named Gustave
Winbergr. V !>"
The boy. who is but 9 years old, was
playing in company with several compan
ions on the Beale-street wharf. A loose
plank tipped under his weight and he fell
into the water.
The boy's playmates shouted for help,
and Pallas, who was near by, hurried to
the rescue. Stopping only to throw, off
his coat and hat. he let himself down
through the hole in the wharf where the
accident had occurred. As he struck the
water he saw the boy, some distance
awav. going down for the last time.
Pallas immediately dived and with des
perate persistence stayed at the bottom
until he found the boy, face downward,
in the soft mud. He brought him to the
surface and swam with him from beneath
the wharf. Bystanders helped him out
of the water with his burden.
The young lije-saver did not stop to
look after his own comfort, but at once
bcean to apply means to resuscitate
young Winberg. He rolled him across his
knees until the water had escaped from
his lungs. He was soon rewarded by see
ing the boy regain consciousness.
The rescued boy is the son of Gustave
Winberg, a longshoreman who lives at 16
Federal street. Mrs. Winberg showered
» •
Augustus R. Pallas Accom
plishes Heroic Rescue
of Gustave Winberg.
— »
Record of Nine Lives Bravely
Saved by a Modest
Shoe Clerk.
Deeds of Daring Have Come
. to Seem Trivial and
Commonplace.
PLUNGES THROUGH HOLE IN WHARF
TO SAVE A BOY FROM DROWNING
CHICAGO. Nov. 3.— Major General E. S.
Otis arrived here to-day and at once took
command of the Department of the Lakes,
to which position he was recently «j>
pointed.'
BUENOS ATRES, Nov. 9.— The Govern
ment has published a decree declaring
that Villa Concepcion is Infected with tha
plague and that other Paraguayan ports
are suspicious.
New Command for Otis.
Plague at Villa Concepdon.
PANAMA, Nov. 9.— Settlement ot the
serious controversy between the Panama
Railroad Company and the Colombian
Government has been effected by the
agreement of the company to pay $300,000
in gold to Governor Alban of Panama.
Differences arose over article 4 of the
contract of July 5, 1S67. which provided
that the company should extend Its line
to Flamenco, on Denoas Island, in Pana
ma. The company held that the construc
tion of a wharf at Laboca. 600 metres
long, fulfilled all obligations. The Gov
ernment held otherwise and demanded
$10 000 a month in gold until the obligation
was fulfilled. By«resolution of November
6 of the Government in Bogota, however,
the compromise with, a cash payment was
authorized.
of a Railroad Settled by a
Cash Payment.
Differences Relative to the Building
GOVERNMENT COMPROMISE
WITH PANAMA COMPANY
"You won't Bet a word out of me about
Cabinet positions. I have nothing to say
about that. It is none of my affairs."
Mr. Hanna's attention was called to thi
fact that Senator Depew had said tha in
surrection should be put down In thu
Philippines at once, no matter how much,
money and how many men it would re
quire to accomplish this end and was
asked for his opinion on the subject, ila
replied:
"I think the Insurrection will evaporate*
almost at once, but if it should not I
think we can safely leave the matter in
the hands of the President."
"It has been announced that yott ar» a
candidate for the Presidency in 1904?"
"If I find the man who started that re
port I will kill him. I won't talk about
that or allow any one else to do it It Is*
too absurd."
"Do you mean to say you would decline
the nomination if it were tendered you?"
""Well, something like it. But I don't
wish to discuss that at all. It la toj
foolish."
1 NETOT YORK, Nov. 9. — Senator Hanrsa.
chairman of tho National Republican
Committee, arrived here to-day from
Cleveland. In speaking of the election he
said:
"The people of this country wero over
whelmingly in favor of sound money, law
and order and a continuation of "that
policy which stands for prosperity. Pa
triotism and loyalty to the fla£ wer3
strong factor3 In this campaign and that.
together with the aid of those who ara
generally termed sound money Democrats
or gold Democrat, but whom I call Amer
ican ctt».?ns. all combined to bring about
the result.
"Xebraska. was the greatest victory of
all. "We made a hard right in that State"
we went for it for all we were worth'
and while we dfd our utmost and hopoi
for the best, we did not expect to carry it
"We have carried Kentucky, and we
have not yet griven up hope of receivin-'
her electoral vote, and we do nov pro
pose to give up. We have carried tho
State and we propose to fight for it."
"How about changes in the Cabinet-
Senator?" Air. Ilanna was as&ed.
Says He Would Decline the
Nomination if Offered .
to Him.
PRESIDENCY IS
NOT FOR HANNA
opened to-day. About thirty South
American delegates have arrived and the
remainder are expected to-morrow and
Sunday. Portugal will be represented and
all the South American republics, except
Bolivia, have accepted the Invitation.
Spain will .'not. have \ predominance, .'as
each state represented has. one vote.
The newspapers here warmly welcome
the delegates. They declare the con
gress is pacific, that Spain has not ego
tistical sentiment and desires to be no-
CONGRESS OF SPANISH
AMERICANS IN SESSION
Marquis Campo Addresses the Dele
gates,' Including, Thirty Represen
tatives From South America.
MADRID, Nov. 9.— The preliminary ses
sion of the Spanish-American Congress
BAKErtSFIELD, Nov. 9. — O'Reilly &
Brown 1 a hay and feed barn was destroyed by
fire last evenins- Loss *300O. fully insured.
Did you know that the best
imported figs depend upon the
Tig "Wasp for their excellence?
Further, that for years horticul
turists in California have been
experimenting in vain to intro
duce the insect. At last perfect
success has crowned the efforts
of one fruitgrower. This should
mean millions to the fanners of
this State. Don't miss the com
plete account which will bs
published in nezt Sunday's Call.
The Minister of Foreign Affairs Mar
quis Campo. presided at the preliminary
session of .the congress. He eupgested
that the speeches should be brief and
moved that there be only two public sit
tings, to which the congress unanimously
agreed. In tho course of his remarks he
strongly urged the development of the
spirit of union between Spain and all the
South American republics.
body s guardian. It is added that It is
not a question of alliances, but of some
thing grander. She and the republics
wish merely to draw closer their intellec
tual and commercial relations*?
these dispatches about two months ago
that the transfer had been arranged as
far as the executive branch of our Gov
ernment could effect it. The State De
partment officials regard the islanas as ub
colutely necessary to complete American
sovereignty in the Philippines. Lying as
they uo to the southwest of the main
ercup of islands and in one of the most
important channels of communication, it
would be in the eyes of the department
a most dangerous course to allow them
to fal' into the hands of another power
and thus constitute a permanent menace
to American sovereignty in the Philip
pines. They \iere excluded from the origr
fnal cession . by the geographical boun
daries laid down in the treaty.
Sixty "Went Ashore, but After Long-
Hunt Only Fifteen Are
Found.
PARIS, Nov. 10.— The Matin publishes
a special dispatch from Algiers, which
says: j
"The United States training ship Dixie
has been in the harbor here for some
days unable to put to sea, owing to an
unusual occurrence. Sixty sailors went
a.'hore Tuesday and on Wednesday they
had not returned. The captain,. aided by
the police, went in search of them and
finally discovered fifteen in the Casbah
quarter of the city, leading a life of pleas
ure. The others are still missing."
«
Consider Archduke's Renunciation.
BUDAPEST, Nov. 9.— The lower house
of the. Hungarian Parliament to-day pass
ed to a second reading the bill*'confirm
ing the renunciation by Archduke Ferdi
nand of claims to the Hungarian throne
in behalf of the Issue of his morganatic
marriage to Countess Chotek.
SAILORS OF THE DIXIE
SUCCUMB TO GAY AXGEEHS
BERLIN, Nov. 9.— This week Emperor
William held the St. Hubert's hunt in the
military grounds at Doeberitz. Hereto
fore the hunt has been held annually In
Grunewald, near Berlin. Of recent years
however, the rabble had grossly insulted'
the Emperor's guests by shouting oppro
brious epithets and making,, offensive
jests. This explains the choice of
Doeberitz.
Thousands of Berlin excursionists, how
ever, went to Doeberitz seeking admission
to view the hunt, but they were driven
off.
Metropolis, but Still the
Crowd Followed.
Held St. Hubert's Hunt Far From
EMPEROR WILLIAM COULD
NOT ESCAPE BERLIN MOB
The packers claim they have been sell
ing dressed meats at a loss for several
years. In six months the price of meat
stuffs has gone up $2 50 per 100 pounds.
There has been no corresponding advance
in the price of cattle, hogs and sheep
Representatives of the packers in charge
of the dressed meat department say the
advance was justified by the condition of
the trade and its imposition on the heels
of the election is but a coincidence.
Retailers of meats were thrown into a
panic by the unexpected rise In prices.
Many who had carcasses In their coolers
declined to buy until they could llgure
out what they would need at the n«w
rate. In the adjustment or prices to the
consumers choice cuts of beef have gone
up as much as 5 cents. Pork tenderloin
Jumped to the same extent, and mutton
chops went up3 cents. The advance by the
packers Is more than 10 per cent on the
price of meat the day before election. The
advance by the retailer to the consumer
will average 23 per cent, for the waste in
a carcass doubles the Increased cost of
the salable portion.
CHICAGO, Nov. 9.— A flat Increase of 1
cent a pound was put upon beef, pork
and mutton to-day by Chicago packers.
The Chronicle to-morrow will say: In one
year the additional 1 cent will yield to the
Chicago packers, basing the estimate up
on last year's business, the following
sums: Dressed beef, $15,000,000; dressed
pork and pork products, $20,000,000: mut
ton, $4,000,0tXt. Total addition to incomes.
JB9.000.000.
Chicago Retailers Thrown
Into a Panic by the
Sudden Increase.
PACKERS PUT UP
MEAT ONE CENT
Because the cession of the island of
Clbutu and Cagayen of the Philippine
archipelago must be ratified by the Sen
ate of the United States the officials of
the State Department decline' to discuss
the transfer which was referred to yes
terday by the Spanish Premier. Still, the
Tact Is not concealed and was sent out in
Tha Philippine situation was discussed
at the Cabinet meeting to-day, but no new
instructions far as can be learned were
cabled to General - MacArthur, the policy
of mobilizing the troops instead of leav
ing small detachments out of reach of
each other to be slaughtered receiving
general approval. In army circles tho
suggestion is made that it might be ad
vantageous to offer a reward for' the ap
prehension of Aguinaldo. Whether this
would be a politic move or not would have
to be considered, but army officers are
convinced that his capture would have an
important effect in bringing about an end
to the insurrection. Aguinaldo would, if
alive, be a white elephant upon the hands
of the administration, and while the au
thorities do hot wish his death, it Is con
ceeded that if he could be killed during
the forthcoming operations the situation
In the islands would be materially sim
plified. - .
CALL BUREAU, WELLINGTON' HO
TEL, WASHINGTON, Nov. 9.— Major
General MacArthur will personally direct
the vigorous military operations to be di
lectcd against the Filipino insurgents, and
Major General J. O. Bates will probably
be assigned to duty in Manila ns executive
head or the military government in the
Philippines during the absence in the field
of General MacArthur. It is not proposed
by either the President or General Mac-.
Arthur that there shall be 'any repetition
of the policy of General Otis in the mat
ter of the commanding general remaining
In Manila Instead of taking ihe field. It
has frequently been stated that it would
have been wiser for General Otis to have
left to subordinates consideration of ex
ecutive details and have personally di
rected operations ot his troops. Such ac
tion, it is stated, would have benefited
the morale of the Americans and would
have had correspondingly bad effect upon
the enemy. General Otis, however, pre
ferred to remain in his office. General
MacArthur is a better fighting man than
an executive, and he has cleany indicated
that as> soon as the rainy season has ended
n« would take" personal conirnana or the
troops. Tins action hus received the em
phatic approval of the President, and es
pecially m view of the expectation that
ueneral bates, who is a splendid execu
tive oilicer, will probably take General
AlacArthur's place in Manila. As stated
this morning, there has Deen talk ot or
dering General Chaffee to Manila, and it
was stated to-day that General Chatfee
might be ordered to that point to act aa
head or the military government while
General MacArthur was in the field.
General ChaKce, like General MacAr
thur, is a better soldier than an executive,
and when he reaches the Philippines he
is expected to take an active Command In
order to ilnally and completely crush the
rebellion. Pltns of the War Department
communicated to General MacArthur lor
suppressing the rebellion contemplate the
dividing up of Luzon into districts and tho
mobilization of sufficient troops in those
districts to effectually shatter any insur
gent forces that may be operating therein,
it is to bo expected that the Insurgents,
now that the dry season is at hand, will
disintegrate and that when General Mac-
Arthur moves he will tlnd only smaJl
bands, which will harass small parties
\r « may k* 5 sent out as scouts. General
aiacArthur is apparently confident, how
ever, that he will be able to tlnd large
bodies of Insurgents and is laying his
plans to catch them between crossfires.
p«tails of operations must necessarily b«
it 11 . to tJenoral MacArthur, but the au
thorities, as hitherto stated, have clearly
Indicated that the campaign must be a
vigorous one and that the Insurrection
must be crushed during the dry %eason,
now at hand.
His Generalship Is Expected
to Demoralize the In
surgent Forces.
MacARTHUR WILL
TAKE THE FIELD
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1900.
8
ABSOLUTE SECURITY.
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
hear signature of
Terr •¦tall mm& as easy
to tak» •• trngar.
SEE [CASfE^" R 8 S=s L SEE
GENUINE fiWk mmSSImL GENUINE
1 p| I LS F0R CONSTIPATION.
WPAPPFP m m FOR SALLOW SKIN. WPAPPPU
wKAtTtK lroRTK£ complexion
2iUia% I Ptgely Tepfam y <^^^
''P'RIlsrTED ON RiED PAPER.'
"I am 86 years old. Being all run down physically, so much so that I
had concluded my days on earth were surely numbered, I was induced by a
friend to try Paine's Celery Compound. It has helped me so much that I feel
it my duty to make the fact public. It has given me renewed strength and
courage to meet the infirmities of old age, and, in short, has made a new man
of me."
Cures old people of chronic pains and '
weakness; strengthens the stomach, liver
and kidneys, and makes pure, rich blood.
Hopkins Fargo. Huntington, Vt., writes:
There are more muscles in the tall of a
cat than In a human hand. '
For a Gold in the Head.
Laxative Brcmn-Quinine Tablets. •
[MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAlCWAY
Leaves Han Francisco, via Sausalito Ferry:
WKICK DAYS >:15 a. m. : IMi and 4:U0 p. rn.
SUNDAYS 8:00, 1U:OO. 11:30 and 1:15 p. m.
Fare, San Francisco to Summit and Return.
*1 4fl. .
XE1V rtVERS OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPEX.
Tlrli^t offlc<-». 621 Market at.. Sausalito Ferry.
/^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
/&»tf3flx4 <>'J?> UEAKMt H%. KBUOllahed
S^V $C& in '"S* *or the treat m<?ntot Private
giXiV'fQf Dlscuai-8, tostMatihoixl Debility or
flPsgaraHa fliwasn «"earlnK on bodynnd mlna and
WtSBrCoS diseases, i'hr floctorcureswhui
mSM&MBii "th^ni fall. Try him. Chnrce» iow
* "tftEJa Wa5>l I'!iic«i:unrunlpf i. Callorwrita
Or. a. *¦•- vIBBOH. Box ISST.San Fraadacv
WeeBy Call 11.00 Berte
S:00 a. m. Sundaya— Tenales and way sta»
tlcna.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
Ccmmenclcy September 'Ht, 1900.
FROM •SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEI
AND 8A.N RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— «:£5. »3:li. U:00 a, m, "1:41,
»:15. 4.00. f.U. •€:». 4:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIP8— FV>r M1J1 Valley and San
Rafael, en Mondays. Wednesdays sad Sat-
urday* at >:90 »r.i :i:SS p. rn.
sr:;DATs-n:oo. lo-.co. *n:» a. m., i.u,
8:lS. »«:45. «: 20. 1:00 p. m.
Trains marked <»)-run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL to SAN KRAN*CISCX>.
WEEK HAYS— 6:*i. *«:30. 7:45. »:30 a. m..
•13:30. 1:45. •!:*». 4:30. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, "Wednesday*
end Saturdays at C:%5 and 10:20 p. rn.
SUNDAYS-* :28. •SW. »V0:W. 1\:U a. m..
•7:40. »3:Ii. 4:4a, »6:30 p. m-
Trains marked <*) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO FAX FRANCISCO.
WEKK DAYS— 5:44. 6:45. 7:65. »:Zi ». m .,
«:». 2:10. »:30. 4:54. 5:20 n. m.
tXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, 'Wednesdayi
axd Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 D. rn.
SUNDAYS— 8:05. 10:C3 a. m.. 12:M. l:U, I;je.
t:00. C:«5 v. m.
THROUGH TRAIN8.
C:55 a. m. w«k days— Cazadero and way sta-
tlcn*.
1:U p. in. Saturtays— Tomalea and way fta-
tlona. •
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
RAILROAD TBAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN £Y. CO.
IjHISSHIB
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
TIBURON FERRY— FOOT OF MARKET 8T.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DATS— 7:S0, 9:00. 11:00 a. m.: Ut35, *:»,
j 6:16. 6:33 p. m. Thur!«days— Eiitra trip at U:3fl
p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50 and
11:^0 p. m.
EVNDATB— S:00. 9:S0, U:0« a. m.; 1:80, »:30, 5:00, !
I t:5 ?. m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DATS— <:10. 7:M. 8:20. 11:10 a. m.: «:«,
S:4C. 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Bxtra trlpa at l:b»
and tOS p. m.
6UNDAY!5-8:lO, »:40. 11:10 a. m. ; 1:40, !:40, 6:95,
£:2S p. m.
Uctv-eea San Franc.pco and Schuetren Park,
»a:re s"bedule> as above. _^_^
Leave 7~ In KJTe«:t j Arrive
San Francisco. | Nov. 7. 19">0. | San Franclgco.
Week ! Sun- J I Sun- | Week
Days. ! days. | Destination. ( days. | Days.
7:30 am! S:Miam! Knvalo. 10:40 a.mj S:40 am
S:JO pm! 9:30 am; Petaliirr.a. 6:05 pm, 10:25 am
S:10pnj| i:w pm| Santa Itoea. 7:23 pm; 6:22 pm
T~ Fulton^
7:35 amj WindBcr. 10:25 am
Healisburg:,
Lyltcn.
Geyservllle,
l:S0pm 8:00 am 1 , Cloverdale. | 7:35 pm £22 pm
"7:50 am! I Hopland j I
i 8:00 am! and fklah. [ 7:35 pmf 6:S2 pm
7:33 ami 1 110:25 am
I 8:00 am GuemeA-llle. 7:25 pm
1:20 pm'i I I 6:22 pm
7:S0 ami 8:00 am) Sonoma i 9:15 arn 8:40 am
( «md j
5:10 pm! £:00 pm 1 , Glen Ellen. \ 6:C5 pm 6:22 pm
TislTamj 8:C0am! 110:40 am|10:« ara
I:S9 pmj &:00 pm; Bebastopol. i 7:3a pm| 6:22 pm
Stages connect "at Santa Rosa for Mark We«t
Springe and Whit* Sulphur Springr*: at Fulton
for AltrurSa; at Lyttcn for I>ytton BprlngR; at
Oeyservllle for Skag?" SprinirB: at Cloverdale
for the G»ys«rs; at flopliJii for Duncan
Spring*. Highland Kprlnirs, Ilek'yvllle. Carle-
bad Springs, rfoda Bay. Lekeport a^nd Bart.ctt
6pr!r.c«: at Uklah for Vichy yprinra. SaratorH
Spring*. Dlue Lekec. I-aurol Dell i.ak-, Witter
Eprlr.B«, Upper ¦ lAke. Pobo, Potter Valley,
John IHiy's. Rircrpide, I^lcrley's, Buckneffs.
Banhedrin HelgMs. HulU-llle. Orr's Hot Bprings,
Mctidoclno Of}'. Fort Eraytr. Westport. Usal,
Wlllets. I^aytonvll*. CumraJBps Bell'a Springs,
Harris. Olseus, Dj'er, Scot'.a ami KureUa.
Saturday to Monday round -trip ticketa at re-
duced rat»*.
On Sundays, round-trip tickets to all polntl
beyond £»r. Rafael at halt rates.
ticket office. «W> Market et.. Chronicle bulld>
tn-. K. X. RYAN.
H. C. VTIIITING. «en. Pasa. Agt.
Gen. Manager.
RAILROAD TBAVEL.
MiTHKksi I'Arii'ie tonrixr.
(rAeiric »v«ti'm.)
l'r«ln» !••*• wit. l •>• «¦ <Im«> •«• itrrltx m '
%AN HUMIMII. . !
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
Uati — Fkou Kotembeb 7. 1900. — arrive
•*:«o» Bn icl». SuUuu, Elmtrm. Vt&Tllle,
Huniarj- tnd tecrtiuentn *?:(3r
•: .o« A Shut* r.ipr> sr -lintis. WiUUmt (for
Bartlett &prlD«), Willow*. Bed
Bluff. Port!»i.<L »7i-I5r
•T:3«» M*riiuer, bftii llkuion, VkUejo, Kap», i
< fcli»t. c» Him Shiita Jti.t* ¦O:I3|'
•*:«>•)» Darift, Woodlaud. Knlgbti Laodiof.
MufETilie. «»n>iti!» •7:«5r
•*>•«! AUautir Kxprem— <>pdet. and Vast *»:iSr I
'»:««» XUet, Urenuore. Tracy. Lathron
btaektoo *7il3r
•»:*••» ft»i, J<««, LUerniore, >,t icLl-.n.
lone. Pacramtiito. PlaefrrWe,
M»i7«*I!l<-. Ctiico, Ke>l Illuir Mil.ir
••i*»*Oakiialt. Chinese. bouora.Oarten... *«:l3r
«» ; eo» H*j-«raruii. Niirsaud War suti. >¦>«.* I 1143*
"!»:««» Los Angeles Exjircri — Martin«u,
Tracy. l.»ti,ru|. rttocfctoti. Mt-rcrj
Frerno and Lot Aisgvle* *7:13r
•«.t::t« j ValM ¦¦. Martiu«-r. aim War BUttoiu 'itiir
•IV:u<u ThrOferlaudlJM.Hed-Otden. Den-
»er. Omaha. Chicago '6:4*r
•ll:O0 4 Nii '•«. Stockton. *«cramrnto, .M«n-
•lota. Freano. Hanford, Viitlfa,
1'cnerflUe «a:l»r
•11:00a L'.Tennore. S*.tp»r. Coehtn Junc-
tion. Bakenfieid, Los Angele*
»l:O«r ftaexaiueuto Kli«-r Ste «ih»-ir tS:OO«
•3:«or Ifaj-waril*. Nile* and Way Ktatloni. *»:-*3r
•«:«»r MmtinM. .Sau I'titii. Vallejo.
Baps, UalMtaga, # ,.vnU llota *Wtlitt
•4i««r It'-tiirib. Winters, Kaeratnento.
W him. .•¦id. KtiiybU l.ani'liif,
aiarrHTlllr. Orovilln •«•»:«!»»
•« =3«»r Harvard*. Mle« aud Ka« -lone tft--«*A
*3r9«p Kttca Ltrermore and Stockton »IW:43a
j;3:OOp Buicct Limited. El Patt, f>«w
' 'ri'ton and E*t t c1«:13a
•3i««rThe O*l Liii.it>-U— Tracy, Freaao.
lialtersteld. :-a-i j us fur Hauta liar-
hbra, Ijoa An((ln "16:13*
•3:««r New Orl-a'a* Extrrss — IUtenIlel.1.
Katita Itr.rh.t*. i..» Ar.fi IcJ l>-m-
!lC, LI Paao, Sew Orleans and
Kaet *Til3*
•i.:««r Harvard*. Kile* and hau Jose *7i49a
1«:*Ur Vullejn •11:434
•«*:•« r Oriental Mail— Ogiea. Gbefcene.
Omaha. CMc*s» *S:13p
•e:«*r Oriental Mail— Ogden, DenTer.
Omaba, Chicago., *4:lSp
•~s«Or Oregon and California Ki|>re*t,*ae.
nuMWU. Marjitlll*. l!e.l.tli,g.
! v oHV..|. l*i>g«t s.m.,.1 »i..1 K«.t *8:«S»
•»t«3r eaa Pablo. P.ict «;<,,ta, Martiaez
ai.rt W»» rstatlo:>i *IIi43a
Vallej 'lltiSA
COAST HIVIMON (NRrron <;»«?*).
(Foot « t Murkrt Street.!
•fctl»» Newark.Out~rtiiir.Kan Jose, Kf! ton.
Ituu -irrCr. ek,S»i,taCrnr. «nd Way
8Uti<m« *6:a«i
tl:!3r Newark, Center Til!<-, 8au Jots, Kew
Almanrn, Ftrltou, nnuider rre«>k,
fiaii'a Crux aud l'rluci|iHl VV»j
Slitiom t ¦•>.¦»«.
•4il»f Newark, .San Jose. Ix » Gatoe '«:SUi
«H:43rHuBt«n' Ezeurnion, San Jose and
Way htations J " :2 O r
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
tttmSkt TllUttllZ—Tnt •' littkil £lre«l(Sli» «| —
•7:18 ?.-00 IIW..I. |1:53 -2:33 13:33
•l.-8: 18:C3 -e.CJr.n.
rrtBOIIUIta— r»it CBre.i.iT.— T.:C0 8.-C0 10:00*. M.
| tl2:ta *1:S3 12:13 U-S3 »5:63r.M.
(O4S1 UITIKIOX ( Itrnad Oaujre).
(Tblrd .-.nd Tounteiitl St« )
«:lm Ocean View, South nan J'ranciiKo.. t«l»xr
•;:•»* !San .'¦¦•r ami U»r Mml..im (Low
A!ma<leu \\>.li e»il« 5 « o>ily) *ltt»r
• BiAwa Haii Jir*e. Tr<« fiuin. Hatttm Cruz.
r*eilie <•><»«. !'«»•> i:.iti'f-«. Han
l.uin «)hi-|..i. Kurf. Ix>o>|<oc and
rm.t:if«i Vfir fHatii n» *4:lor
•!•:!•* 8an J<«o and W»| Ktation* *«iii5»
•I li3»A tttm J. •» K...I War KUtlmw "5:3<>r
f«:«3r Stn Matti, lt^.i»(«>l. Mrnli Park,
l'alo Aitu. fcantaCiara, S«u .!..«?,
Tre* Pino*. Kauta Ormt, Hallnaa, ,
Miwwntnil racifie «;r.iTe tl»i:»il, !
*l::(nrS»n.l»i««i:.( War *4taM<ms •7lB»r
|I||W| Daw?— ¦¦¦'I rHnCllMi IVnjr Sl.tlen-l "JH-.J
O:nurKafi .Ton*. Lot Gatoi and 1'rlncipal
Way rttsitlon* 1!»:O»a
•5:»Or San .l.*r aii.i Principal War Station* *M:3-1a •
••*::t<i|- .-.«.•, .;•>«<< an-'. Way. "ilk tinii* f«l:"«» I
«ll:«^rSm Ji«i-«ii.l>V»r MallcM.t ?7s3»r I
A for Uorattic I* fur A rtxnioHi. !
*TH'.)r tHuiidarexcetited J buudajr onl7. !
f Monday*. WcdDe»d»y«, Fridayi.
c Tumwliyt, Ttiusdafs, tiunJiji.
« &atu:-a»r "¦> 'l^
5anta Fe
Trains— Da »y
l>av» MiriCrt-Btr«et r«rry Dn»t.
£a-« San rrancJ»co.{ »:00 a rn;«:10 p mj S:W p m
Irr ItoVkton 12:30 p a M 7:lS P m :i:0S p m
•• Mt-rcrd ::<!pm l:l«»a
- ViMlia e:"Opro ? : ?5 aia
•• T«i!-r* «:2ipro i:^ a ra
•- Hanfortl |:2Jpm y«« a m
•• Hr.kerrti*ld ... !:«• P m ..»0 a. m
•• l>»r.rer 110:00 a zn .
" Ksr>rt« Cltr-..| t:" P ="
" OilOKO I ?:O >• «ni
' * a- n». train U tb« Overland r.xpreta. Corre-
•pondinr train trrlvw at » p. m. daily.
U)p xn. 1« Btocktoa Local. Corrrapoadlna
train arrive* 11*5 a. m. dallr- •_
I -00 p. m. 1» Fteeae and B5k«r»fle' d Expreaa,
with Eleeplne Car* fer both cities. Corr»spcnd-
tcc train arrives at 8 a. m. daily. "
OmCES—m Market »t. and in Ferry Dejx*.
PAINE'S CELERY COMPOUND.
NEW LIFE; STRENGTH; VITALITY.
ADVERTISEMENTS.The cause for the present • Chinese entangle
ments is not religious differences, but the abuse
of the Chinese Immigrants by the foreign pow
ers. Another great revolution comes from the
abuse of the stomach. Overtaxed- digestion pro
duces constipation. Indigestion, dyspepsia and
flatulency. Hostetter's Stomach Bitters is the
best medicine to take. It will restore a healthy
tona to the entire system, and thus prevent
nervousness, sleeplessness or despondency.
Don't fall to give It a trial.
The Chinese Situation.
$125 Sealskin Coats.
Ladles, should see the $123 sealskin coats
at Berwtn's; they beat the world. 110
Kearny street. • •
Dora Fuhrig, the notorious midwife, was
acquitted on the charge of murder by In
struction of Judge Cook yesterday. She
was accused of causing the death of Mrs.
Frelda Meyer by a criminal operation.
The Judge, after hearing the evidence,
came to the conclusion that the ante
mortem statement of the dead woman was
not admissible and without it there was
no evidence to convict.
Dora Fuhrig Acquitted.
To-day'B lesue of the News Letter la a
particularly crifp number. "Lady Algy"
confides several of the closest secrets of
the swim, and Reginald Schuyler directs
his fastidious pen against "Boarding
house Poker and Domesticated Faro,"
Mr. Schuyler Is of the opinion that
gambling has altogether too great a
vogue among the women of the smart set.
The editorials are timely and marked by
their usual sharpness and Independence,
and the Looker On columns - teem with
comments on and from prominent figures
In society and clubdom.
The News Letter To-Day.
Sudden Death of Harvey Kincer.
Hanfy Kincer. an engineer working on
a hoisting crane at the Union Iron Work*
fell dead while at work yesterday. He
h8<5 been complaining for several days of
pain in the region of the heart. At a.
guarter of 10 o'clock yesterday morning
b« remarked to a fellow lahorer aamd
MoU that he felt sick, and the worcis ha.l
hardly passed his lips when he fell ln'o
Moll's arms and expired instantly. Mr.
Kincer was unmarried, 4S years old ai^d
lived at Ml Twentieth street.
Tax collections are coming In rather
slowly, according to the statement of Tax
Collector Scott. Up to yesterday but $600.
000 had been taken In and there remain
but two weeks more In which to collect
$3,500,000. Taxes will be delinquent on No
vember 25, when 15 per cent will be added.
The Sharon estate paid Jn the sum of
$20,000 yesterday and Jonn Center sent In
a check for $11,000, In payment of his
taxes on real estate. Scott has inaugu
rated an excellent system for collecting
and the work of every day Is cleaned up
•bv working part of the office force at
nights. He Is preparing to open four
windows to receive the money as soon as
the rush commences, a.n<l taxpayers will
bo relieved of waiting for hours In line
as they did under former administrations.
A. S. Lillle filed a protest with the Tax
Collector against paying his taxes, on the
ground that the tax levy Is illegal. Lillle
contends that the tax rate to pay Interest
on park bonds Is Invalid, Blnce the bonds
have not yet been Issued. ¦
But Two Weeks Left in Which to
Collect Over Thre«
Millions.
TAX COLLECTIONS ASE
COMING IN SLOWLY
Company.
Juflge Coffpy made an order yesterday
appointing the Union Trust Company
puardian of the estate of Cornelia Wil-
Jouphby. widow of the estate of the late
Dr. The estate is valued at
Recently John H. Fowler. Mrs Wil
loughby's brother, made an application to
be appointed guardian of the estate. Ar
thur L. Bolton. a nephew, contested the
petition and assr-rted that the petitioner
tv fl f not a p ro p#* r p** rso n to ront ro 1 h f* r
<?tate. Fowler In return char?*^! that his
rixter was a prisoner in the home of J
B. Davey in R<Tk<?!ey and had requested
him to apply for the letters and also to
care for her.
The case was called for hearing- yester
day, but as jamcs Fowler, the petitioner's
brother, agreed r.ith Bolton that the
Union TriiFt Company should he appoint
ed. Judge Coffey denied J. H. Fowler's
petition and made the ord<*r as stated
Arrangement for the care of Mrs Wil
loughby. who is apf-d and feeble, will be
made by her relatives.
Contest in Court Ends in the Appoint
ment of the Union Trust
X7TLL0UGHBY ESTATE IN
HANDS OF A GUAEDIAN
Supervisors' Health. Committee Di
rects Health Board to Define Lim
its for Their Operation.
At a meeting of the Supervisors' Health
and Hospital Committee yesterday Braun
hart presented a resolution, which was
recommended for passage, directing tho
Board of Health to advise the Board of
Supervisors of the proper limits within
which carpet-beating works should not oe
maintained. Braunhart characterized the
machines used to beat carpets as being
deleterious to health and urged their im
mediate restriction.
A communication was received by the
committee In which attention Is called to
the fact that J. McQueen has commenced
operations with a carpet-beating machine
on Albion avenue, between Fifteenth and
Sixteenth streets, contrary to the orders
of the committee. The committee was re
quested to declare the machine to be a
nuisance and cause It to be abated. The
protest was referred to the Board of
Health for examination and report as to
whether or not the machine Is a nuisance.
Connor's ordinance prohibiting the adul
teration of food was Indefinitely post
poned, on the ground that the act of the
Legislature of 1S95 covers the point.
URGES RESTRICTION OP
CARPET-BEATING WORKS
Professor Charles M. Gayley Criti
cizes Masters of Rhyme for the
Channing Auxiliary.
Professor Charles Mills Gayley delivered
another intcr^ting lecture on "Debatable
Questions In Poetry" before the Channing
Auxiliary in the parlors of the First Uni
tarian Church yesterday afternoon. The
lecturer chose for his subject "Four
American Potts"— Whitman. Poe. Lanler
an<i EnKTfon — and hailed the advent of
a rifxv poetic- lieht. a Vale man. named
Rogers, whoso fame, he claimed, will, In
the next decade, eclipse that of the first
four.
The beauty of Poe'g poetry was de
rlarfd by Professor Gayley to lie In his
FTeat knowledge nf novel sounds an<1
metfT. A pan from these, the lecturer
. paid, he had no remarkable poetic power.
The l»rtur<»r was exceedingly severe on
Walt Whitman, wh<>m ho classed a.« a
licentious poet, unfit for woman's per
¦usal. an<i rJdir." rough-shod over social
principles. I-aniT, he Eaid, was the
grratrFt of thft transitory poets— those
who «re neither great nor petty. Profes
sor G&yley cave the highest praise of all
to Kmerson. whom he styled the great
est of American po*-ts, always allowing
for his earnr-sTn^Ps of purpose.
LECTURES ON FOUR OF
AMERICA'S GREAT POETS
Total j 492
The epproxlmate cott of materials for cook
ery daesei In September was:
Groceries sent each week $12 15
Teachers' accounts jg 85
The report of Kate E. Whitaker. super
visor of the cooking department of the
Board of Education, has been filed wuh
Director Klncald. It Is as follows:
Number of pupils enrolled In cookery
classes \ 2^>
Number of individual lessons S^T.v)
Less by numb«r of absences Jig
Many Pupils Study Cooking.
Pre«ident Mark of the School Board
stated that the opinion of the City Attor
ney that repairs to schoolhouses should
be done by the Board of Public Works
had guided the School Board in trans
ferring; the power. Director Denman said
that repairs had come to a standstill and
the health of the pupils was being jeop
ardized. Brandenstein suggested a test
< - ase, to be speedily determined, Jn the
meantime allowing the Board of Public
Works to make the repairs, with the ap
proval of the Board of Education, while
the case was on trial. He then Introduced
a resolution providing that Mr. ..Webster
be directed to notify the Board of Super
vlcors if he will audit a demand for work
performed in repairs to school buildings
If the Board of Education and of Public
Works acting Jointly cause eaid work to
be done.
D'Ancona arprued that the Board of Su
pervisors had no Jurisdiction in the mat
ter, as It could not compel Webster to
affix his signature to the demands. D'An
cona said it was a matter for the courts
to dMde. Chairman Boxton suggested
the transfer of the $20,000 appropriated In
the tax budget for repairs from the school
fund to the Board of Works, but it de
veloped that the signature of the Super
intendent would be necessary on the de
mands even in that case.
The responsibility for tho repairs of
pehoolhouses occupied the attention of
the Supervisors' Committee on Education
yesterday. Superintendent Webster ad
dressed the committee and contended
that the repairs should be assumed by
the Board of Education, -as the money for
the payment of such repairs comes out
nf the school fund. Webster denied that
the Board of Public Works, to which the
control of repairs had been transferred
by the Board of Education, had any legal
right to exercise the privilege, even
though the charter so proviued. He held
that the provisions could be proven to be
unconstitutional. Unless the Board . of
Public Works should pay for the repairs
out of its funds Webster said that he
would refuse to sisn the demands for re
pairs or for laborers in the repair depart
ment. He read a lonjr legal opinion of his
attorney which supports him In his con
tention.
Repairs to Schoolhouses.
The controversy that has existed be
tween the Board of Kducation and the
City Board of Examination over the- re
nrwal of the certificate of Miss Katharine
Ball, special teacher of drawing, Is a
thing of the past. Mils Ball has de
cided that ehe will take an examination,
and it was decided yesterday to hold a
special examination In the office of the
secretary of the Board of Examination on
the subject of drawing on November 17.
Miss Ball Yitls expressed her Intention, to
take the examination which ts open to all
applicants.
The Board of Examination fias all along
contended that while there was no ques
tion of Miss Ball's competency, her cre
dentials were inadequate and not recog
nized by the State Board of Education.
The Board of Education took a contrary
view, however, and issued a special cer
tillcate to Miss Ball on Its own account*
Rather than go to law to determine tho
dispute. Miss Ball will submit to the ex
amination as a matter of expediency.
The Board of Examination yesterday
made the following recommendations for
renewals of certificates:
Grammar Grade— Miss Hoslo Bcheler, Mrs.
Julius Wormeer.
Primary Grade— I. D. Dwjrer, Miss M. C. Laa
franchl.
Special Teacher in Drawing
Will Take Prescribed
Examination.
MISS BALL ENDS
A CONTROVERSY
The Teachers' Annuity and Pension
Fund Commission, of which the Mayor la
chairman, will meet this morning to sign
the demands of twenty-two annuitants
who have been retired from the School
Department. The other members of the
commission are Superintendent
and Treasurer Brooks.
Teachers' Annuity Funi
Materials on hand 00
Total *36 00
In a letter of Instructions teachers of
cooking are directed not only to. teach
girls how to select and to cook modest
priced food so as to make It nourishing
and dainty, but how to keep a kitchen and
its entire equipment clean.
YOUTHFUL TOURIST
COMES TO GRIEF
Little Irving Sprague Tries
to Beat. His Way to
Pacific Grove.
Without a cent In his pocket Irving
Sprague, an 11-year-old boy, yesterday
morning started to "beat" his way from
Sacramento to Pacific Grove, where his
mother and father are staying. After rid
ing on the brakebeam of a car as far as
Davisvillo he was discovered by a cattle
dealer, who was on his way to this city,
and who was riding on the same- train.
On learning that the little fellow was
penniless the cattle man took him Into the
car In which he was riding, and after pay
ing his fare ordered breakfast for him.
After reaching this city his benefactor
bought him a pair of trousers and then
turned him over to Captain of Detectives
Seymour.
When questioned the boy said: "Mamma
and papa went to Pacific Grove about a
week ago, leaving mo with my uncle, who
lives on Third street in Sacramento. I
became lonesome without them, and as I
did not have any money I determined to
beat my way to Pacific Grove. Secretly
leaving tho home of my uncle about 6
o'clock In tho mornlngr, I went to the de-
Fot and waited for a train to come alongr.
swung under the first one that appeared
and perched mysplf on a brakebeam. I
was glad when tho train reached Davis
ville, as every moment I expected to be
thrown under the wheels. On reaching 1
Davisville. I crawled from under the car
and was met by the gentleman who
brought me to this city. I wanted to Bee
my mamma, and that Is tha reason I left
my uncle."
Soon after tho boy was turned over to
Prison Matron Fabian a dispatch was
6ent to Pacific Grove inquiring about the
boy'n parents. Last evening an answer
was received, carrying the information
that they had left yesterday morning for
their home in Sacramento.
The uncle of the boy Is expected to ar
rive here to-day to take charge of the
youthful brakebeam tourist.
-t- .+.
+ Look out for the hundreds of +
? laughs in tho comic half-tone +
f section given free with next f
? Sunday's Call. J
ELLINGHOUSE SUES HIS
- ,- PARTNER FOB LOSSES
Behind Thousands During
Last Six Months.
Avers Alhajnbra Theater Has Bun
The Alhambra Theater la a«aln In
trouble, apparently of a serious nature.
In a suit filed yesterday by Alfred El-
Hnghouso against Samuel C Mott who
he alleges is his partner in the theatrical
venture, it is set forth that ulnce Anri
23 last the theater has been run at a loss
of $6000. EUlnjrhouse now seek" t0 com
pel Mott to stand one-half of this loss
?h n e d s P u^ oM* copartn "shlp treasury
¦On April 23 last Ellinshouse alleeea that
h *i £ n V; re< ? 'I} 1 ?^ a ver . ba l copartnership
with Mott. both agreeing to divide the
profits. If such there were, and In event
of loss to equally, stand the same. Each
was also to give his full time to the man
agement of the theater. On May 25 last
however Ellinghouse avers that Mott ab
sented himself and, though requested to
pay his share of the losses, refuses to do
bo". In addition, to judgment for $3000 El
llnghouse asks that the copartnership be
tween himself and Mott be dissolved.
Enid Brandt's Last Recital.
. The last of the recitals by Enid Brandt,
the marvelous child pianist, will take
place this afternoon at Sherman-Clay
Hall, fcommenclng at S:15. The little mu
sician will play several ambitious numbers
by Handel, Moszkowskl, Henselt, Chamin
ade.. Chopin and Mendelssohn. r She Will
also play some of her own compositions.
Sin fully a hundred teachers of the first
prade were on hand. Some were In Ugh:
marching order with short walking fkirta
and Fedoras, while others were In their
accustomed attire. But no matter In
what grarb they appeared their faces all
wore an expression of "determination to go
through with the expected ordeal.
Calisthenics was the subject for yester
day afternoon and as a sort of limbering
up* process the teachers marched round
and round the yard clapping their hands
after the manner of the Salvation Army.
"Halt!" said Dr. Magnus, and the lino
fetched up all standing and the Instructor
continued:
"We will now proceed with the exerclso
of the arms. One! two! rlgrht! left!"
The young teachers giggled, but the
older ones took a grim interest In the
work and shot out their arms with great
energy'. „
"Of the leg we now 1-ave the exercises
was the next order. But a kind of frozen
look came over the line and when Dr.
Some small boys had wandered into tha
yard during the afternoon, but what they
saw boded ill for them and they left Im
mediately. When things get to workln*:
smoothly those teachers will turn out
grades of physical wonders that will dlsv
count Jeffries. At least that's what Dr.
Max Magnus says.
The lesson yesterday was the first of
the series of instructions In physical cul
ture which the- grammar grade teachers
of the School Department will receive at
the hands of Dr. Magnua.
"The limbs," he said, "the nether limbs;
you move them like me; so." It worked
like a charm and the exercises went
through after that without a hitch.
.
Magnus began to pirouette like a "pre
mier danseuse" his pupils all balked.
Some blushed. Dr. Magnus saw he had
made a mistake and plunged valiantly
into the breach.
THAT San school
teachers have not only brains
and beauty but also muscle "In
goodly proportions was demon
strated In the back yard of the
Lincoln Grammar School yesterday after
noon when Dr. Max Magnus of the de
partment of physical culture gave the
t-chool ma'ams a little drill which they In
turn will submit their classes to.
At the hour set for the exercises to be-
Back Yard of the Lincoln Grammar School Takes on the Appear
ance of a Drilling Ground; for r a Female Police Force While
the Trainers of the Young Idea Are Learning to Sidestep
With Grace and Agility Under Dr. Magnus' Coaching.
«
TIi*> situation in regard to the seven
j'ooi-sellir.g cases in Judge Megan's court
was not much changed yesterday, but a
«onttnuance has been allowed tSUMonday
la the hope ..hat something will be don?
bjr that time to put an end to the
iaxce.
A'hen the cases were called In court yes
terday at the time agreed upon District
Attorney Byington was not present. Tha
Judge £.sked George U. Collins, the at
torney for the defendants, to request Mr.
Ryt&Stoa'a attendance, and in a few min
utes Collins returned with Byingrton.
"I would sussest," said Colnns, "that
the cases to over and no one be set until
th« decision has been rendered by tha
Superior Court Judges on the cases on
KppeaL**
'•I have seen Judge Lawlor," said By
intrton, "and he agreed to see the other
two Judges as to setting an early date lor
hearing the arguments on tlie appeal
casts. He informed me this morning ihat
he had seen Judge Dunne, -who was agree
able, but he had not been able to see
Judge Cook. The date could not be fixed
until Judge Cook had been seen, probably
mifc afternoon. "
The Judge rema:kcd that he could see
r.o reason why the arguments should not
be heard Monday, ana Byington said ho
xvas willing that the casts on the calen
c&r should be continued until that day.
Meantime it could be Ken wuat arrange
ment was made regarding the appeal
cases.
Attorney Cclllns objected. He saw no
reason why the cases should not be con-,
tinued until the decision in the appeal
rases was rendered, according to the
agreement between Mr. Coffey and him
te!f. "I would like one case to be set,"
continued Collins, ""as it would break the
stipulation and it would place my clients
in a better position, as we would have all
our rights."'
"1 want these cases to be tried right
away." said Byington. "I am not con
cerned about the stipulation, and if Col
lins wants to break it he can do so. I
have ro objection to the cases going over
until Monday. '
"I £m nit anxious to break the stipula
tion," retorted Collins, "but it seems to
me the other side is."
The Judge stopped further discussion by
continuing the cases until Monday and
urc-inj? the District Attorney and Collins
to prdeavor to pet the three Judges of the
fr^upr rior Court to s«-t the appeal cases for
argument <>n that dav.
chief Sullivan find Mr. Coffey had a con
sultation with the District Attorney yes
terday morning. The District Attorney
t^aw nothing improper in the arrangement
to ce?.s* pros=«-cuting: the oases In the Po
lice Courts pending thf decision' on the
appeal rase?, but he was furious at Cof
fey for stattnp in court Thursday that he
rad notified him about the arrangement
pnme time ago. which he said was piainly
calllnp him a liar. He threatened not to
fcllow Coffey in future to have any con
rectinn with cases for prosecution co long
f.s h«> If PisT!' t Attorney. Coffey stuck
to h!p eta.iorr.pnt.
Makes Threats to Ostracize
Attorney Joseph
Coffey.
a
Situation Uegarding the Pool-Selling
Cases in Judge Mogan's Court
Remains in Same Unsatis
factory State.
BYINGTON DOES
NOT LIKE BEING
CONTRADICTED
TEACHERS DO ALL KINDS OF QUEER
ATHLETIC STUNTS TO QUALIFY THEM
TO INSTRUCT THEIR YOUNG CHARGES
Corbett Estate May Be Sold.
Mary Agnes King, wife of Charles A.
King, has sued for the sale and distribu
tion of the proceeds of the estate of the
late Catherine Corbett. Mrs. King asks
that the realty on Hayes street be dis
posed of. that she be given her share of
the proceeds and the remainder divided
among her brothers and sisters.
Sues for Maintenance.
. Suit was filed yesterday by Adelina
Bacigalupl against her husband, August
M Bacigalupl, for maintenance and sup
port. Mrs. Bacigalupi . alleges that her
husband deserted her a few months ago
and has since refused to contribute
toward her support.
A grand entertainment In honor of the
graduation of Misses Cora Spear and
Nannette T. Leavy. pupils of Professor
Maltidita's school of fancy dancing, will
be h<*ld Wednesday evening, November 14,
at Maltidlta Hall, 1R05 Polk street. A fins
programme of fancy dancing, songs and
musical selections will be presented.
Young Ladies Will Dance.
C. F. Pearsall, alias Edwards, alias
Rogers, appeared before Judge Fritz yes
terday on a charge of grand larceny for
stealing a horse and buggy from the Club
stables on Taylor street last Saturday
and driving to San Jose, where he tried to
eell the rip. He was arrested there and
brought back to the City Prison. The
case was continued until Monday. About
two weeks ago the prisoner, who was then
known as 1>. B. Rogers, appeared before
Jurlgo Fritz on a similar charge. He
claimed that he was drunk and did not
know what he was doinsr. He said he
belonged to the navy" and was in hard
luck. The Judge took pity on him and
sent Bailiff Dougherty with him to the
tut? to convey him to Goat Island. He
managed to escape from the tug and thf
Judge 1 learned that his pretensions of be
longing to the navy were false.
Thief Claims to Be a Sailor.
Work on Model Camp Discontinued
Until Definite News Has Been Re
ceived From War Department,
The work of remodeling the camp at
the Presidio preparatory to receiving the
35,000 volunteers now in* the Philippines
has been discontinued, as It is not known
when the soldiers will return to this coun
try. To cover the frames now up with
canvas would mean an additional ex
pense in view of the coming wet season
and for this reason the quartermaster has
ordered that all work on the new camp
ceaso.
The troops garrisoning the post were
paid yesterday.
The departure of the Sheridan on the
16th inst. will take from the Presidio all
the recruits now In camp and all that re
port at the post previous to the sailing
date. Orders to this effect were issued
yesterday.
Eleven convalescents were made happy
yesterday by tho receipt of their discharge
papers. The majority of them left at once
for their homes in various parts of the
East.
NO DATE HAS BEEN SET
FOR VOLUNTEERS' RETURN
After the business meeting O. V. I.ang»
of Berkeley gave a half-hour's talk on
"Flower Photography," using a numbei
of cleverly taken pictures prepared in his
own art gallery. The process of photo
graphing flowers is nearer the point of
perfection now than It has ever been be
iore. In the case of highly tinted flow
ers, the speaker said, it requires most
delicate shading on the part of the pho
tographer in order to bring out a faith
ful reproduction of the subject.
It was decided to hold a rose show next
May, and prfcpa ration."* for the' affair will
begin six mofaths prior to that date. ¦ The
advisability of increasing the number of
vice presidents from one to two and the
board of directors from two to four was
discussed and the plan, will probably be
carried out. ¦ .
The recent flower show held under the
auspices of the California State Floral So
ciety waa a big success financially, ac
cording to the report of the treasurer,
which was made at a meeting of the so
ciety held at Central Hall yesterday aft
ernoon. Besides paying all expenses there
is a substantial balance which was or
dered turned into the treasury for gen
eral use.
for Rose Exhibit Next
May.
Flans of the California State Society
FLOWER SHOW PROVES
A FINANCIAL SUCCESS
Policeman Harry Hook was detailed to
investigate the matter. Ho reported at
the City Hall that neither Adams nor the
boy were to blame. Adams' account of
the accident coincides with the reports
made by other passengers on the car.
Young Rucldick is attached to the mes
senger office at Sutter and Leavenworth
streets and just before 7 o'clock last night
was returning to the office along Geary
street. He was riding a bicycle and was
coming down the slight grade, between
Polk and Larkin streets, as a car of the
Geary-street line came westward. He
was on the south track, riding the slot at
a rapid rate.
C. V. Adams, a passenger on the car,
employed by Hromada & Co., confection
ers, who lives at 925 Geary street, at
tempted to alight in front of his residence.
The boy or passenger did not see each
other, tor as Adams stepped oft the car
the bicycle struck him in the groin,
throwing the boy, Adams and the bicycle
in a confused heap on the pavement.
Adams quickly picked himself up, al
though considerably bruised, and went to
Ruddick*s assistance. The boy was ly
ing in the street, bleeding and uncon
scious. Adams picked him up in his arms
and carried him to the drug store at the
corner of Geary and Larkin street*,
whence he was sent to the Receiving Hos
pital.
Up to this time Adams did not feel his
injuries. He was assisted to his resi
dence, where he found it necessary to
summon medical assistance. He was
considerably bruised about the head and
body.
When Ruddick reached the hospital he
was unable to speak. To Dr. Dorr he
signified his ability to write and ¦was able
to give his name and address before again
lapsing into unconsciousness. Dr. Dorr
made an examination of his wounds and
found that his skull was probably frac
tured, but deferred an operation until
satisfied as to the boy's ability to stand
It. At a late hour Dr. Dorr came to the
conclusion that it would be necessary to
trephine the skull in order to save the
boy'6 life.
Hovering between life and death,
George Ruddick, 11 years of age, living
at 2S Grove street, and employed as a
messenger boy by the American District
Telegraph Company, lies on a cot at the
Receiving Hospital with - what promises
to be a very serious fracture of the skull.
He is als6 suffering from a number of
minor contusions.
A Capital Operation Will Be Per
formed to Save the Life
of the Boy if Pos
sible.
Skull of Lad Is Fractured
by Impact With the
Hard Pavement.
MESSENGER BOY
COLLIDES 111
CAR PASSENGER
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1900.
XEW PHYSICAL. CULTURE DIRECTOR OF THE SCHOOL. DEPART
MENT GIVING HIS FIRST LESSON. SOME THINGS THAT DID AND
SOME THAT DID NOT HAPPEN IN LINCOLN SCHOOL YARD.
9
603 California st. Clur.la bulldlna-.
ATTORNEY.
F. H. MERZBACH. lawyer.
COAL, COKE AND P1Q IRON.
Jf H'll CAV £ ffl W0 Battery Street
• L- nlLaUrl Q LU-. Telephone Main 1M4.
COPPERSMITH.
CW CMITH eh! P Plumbing, Steamboat and
• IT- JJlIlili Ship Work a specialty, lit and
18 Washington st Telephone Main M4L
Vv * ELECTRICAL.
D. D. WASS.
Electrical Enrlnetr. St East it
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
I4C DflVCC t fft Shipping . Butchers. 104
JA> DUlti (S L'J- Clay. TtL Main 194.
OALVANIZINO AND MBTALS.
M'fc A Dealer In M»tala A Galvanizing. JOHN
FINN METAL WORKS, J15 Howard st
METAL.
Extra llnotyp* and stereotype metaL Paelfla
Metal Works. 137-9 First St.. San Francisco.
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD A EIXI3.
4IS Front St.. S. • F. Phons Main 17^
PR1NTINO. •;«*-"¦-
C. C» HUGHES. m Sansome st. 9. V.
PAINTS.
OltniJer * Labrleattn* Oils. Schneider's Mln!n<
'Candle*. C. O. CLINCH * CO.. » Front, a T.
GRAPE-NUTS.
"My son has been revelincr in Graoe-
Nuts. He finds that he can take oure
cream with them and no distress fol-
lows. He is getting fat and the whole
family enjoy the new food ccncrally."
Grape- Nuts furnish the carbo hy-
drates in the shape of jrrape-sujrar, val-
uable for athletes, brain-workers and
invalids. Grocers pell and the Postum
Co., at Battle Creek. Mich., make them.
They Turn
The Wheels
Grape -Nuts
the delicious food.
For a Gold in the Head.
Laxative Bromo-Qufnine Tablets. •
KEARNT ANL. WASHINGTON' STS.— RE-
• modeled and renovated. KINO, WARD &
;O. European plan. Rooms, 50c to $1 10 day
15 to t3 week; $S to 120 month. Free baths; hot
ind cold water every room: flre gratea in every
-oom; elevator runs all night.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD t'SE DAMIANA BITTER3. THE
great Mexican remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual orzaas. Depot, Ki lUrksW
•a^^^BSnawA*. . wm Bfiy #J Is ¦> noo.polxo^iotit
.^g^BgSgtlft^ljifcl^p remedy for Gonorrhoea,
Gleet, S permatf* i rha ».
Whites, unnatural dij-
aP&ZSff Goariaasd %J charges, or nnf laiLwnma-
ff**¥ noi u> ••.rietarc tion, irritation ur ulcera-
|>i ¦ffr'rmau common, tion of mucous mem*
K7|rHEEv4M3CMEU'CuC2. t>»a«*- Non-aatrinifaat.
%3S&CNCiS"AT1.0.BB5H| Sold ** nrvK&Mtm.
us.* jS?ja ? r sent ia p!am w 7"?pi>^.
* ?»£»5S2V^ lrf<5r&J r-T eipr^s. prepaid, foe
v »^si2j>g>*V EJ ?;. :u!ir sea: on re^ut**.
PALACE AND
GRAND HOTELS
The best" evidence of the popularity of
these hotels can be found tn the continued
patronage of those who on some previous
occasion have made- them their headquar-
ters when visiting San Francisco.
Connected by a covered passageway and
operated under one management on tha
American and European plans.
J OMRDYfll PILLS
_/rj*>v Orlslaml and Only CeaalM
PA{ VViSl *> r CHICIUSTEE'S KNGUSU
(fV^kif^S 'a UEI> mad Gold n«>:Ui box... *»:»!
*K -r^V'S " t:! > b '' a * ribbon. T»ke no otaer. Bcraao
iH £^ *V3 l>«-«ireroa» "•jbntitnUonm aad Imltaw
I/ — v fw tiaam. Bay of jonr Dn&.H. or wal le. ia
!»' Jf luapi fer Particular*. Teattaaoalal*
V >Ct . J9 »a4 •' Belief for LaaHca." tn Utur. t>» r*.
_X V [/ loni M.II. 1«.»»O r«iummm. SaMbT
¦*•/ mn Drujsl'-J- Cblcbeater Cheailoml Caw
Mention t&li pas-.-. Msdlaoa »««¦*«. I" II J LA- t*Z.
17"DT717 WARNER'S
Jj iiJj Ju SAFE CURE
To ail who suffer with Kidney, Liver, Heart.
Bladder or Blood diseases, a sample bottle of
Warner's Safe Cure (the pioneer Kidney and
Liver Remedy) will be sent absolutely Free of
Cost by addressing pcstal card to WARNER'S
SAFE CURE CO.. Rochester. N. T., and men-
tlantnz this paper.
WHUfi ASH STEAM C0AL,^ b b SaS
DIAMOND COAL. MINING CO.. at Us GR£KN
RIVER COLLIERIES. Is the Best Coal la U*
market. Offlc* 4ad Yards— 4iO Main street.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Tel c^e p , h1e PARTRIDGE ™ C £LV^
PRINTERS. BOOK BINDERS.
THE H1CKS-JUDD CO..
33 First it.. San Fr
"No, thank you." The man
with a delicate stomach always
had to say "no, thank you" to
pies or biscuits until his wife be-
gan using
WHITE COTTOLENE.
It was the hog fat that used to
distress him. There is none of
it in White Cotiolene. .
"WHITE COTTOLENE Is composed of pure
vegetable all and selected beef suet and U a
perfect shortening— ju»t as good for frying."
fjf r l^ijjl The N.K.Falrbank Company.
f^«Ks^i I Chicago— Sole Manufacturers.
i§*r2*3wfo FKT t p " dainty book>t,
S^SS^K^I r "—^ J •• a I'ublij Secret."
*n£*<C^a^f mail'ii free to any »(iJrP5'>. For
vftS~UPJi one ie Jtatnp »e will f nd tree cur
SC&ftfi ifi I2> paste rvolpe hook. "Ho ma
Mi..?j- - S Hclp.V edited by Mrv Horer.
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
DIRECTORY
Ap t%f%f$ K K WA RI>. — W« hare deposited with tb<» National City Bank of I.ynn, £5000,
«~ I* 1 1 1 I j I which will be paid to any person who can find that thnabore testimonial letters
Jm T I B I 1 1 1 are not genuine, or were published before obtainJne the writer's special per-
V W \9\J\* mission. LYDIA K. PINKHAM MEDICINE CO.
When one stops to think about the good Mrs. Johnson derived" from Mrs.
Pinkham's advice and "medicine, it seems almost beyond .belief ; yet it Is all
true as stated in her three letters published above at her own request.
As a matter of positive fact Mrs. Pinkham has on file thousands of
letters from women who have been safely carried through that danger period
"Change of Life." Mrs. Johnson's cure is not an unusual one for Mrs. Pink-
ham's medicine to accomplish. a
" I send you this letter to publish for the benefit of others. I was sick for
about nine years so that I could not do my work. For three months I could
not sit up long enough to have my bed made. 'I had five different doctors, and
all said there was no help for me. My trouble was change of life. I suffered
with ulceration ol the womb, pain in sides, kidney and stomach trouble, back-
ache, headache, and dizziness. I am well and strong, and feel like a new
person'. My recovery is a perfect surprise to everybody that knew me. "I owe
all to Lydfa E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound. -I would not do without
your medicine for anything. There is no need of women suffering so much if
they would take your remedies, for they are a sure cure." — Mrs. Chaslotte
Johnson, Monclova, Ohio.
" I have been taking your remedies, and think they have helped me a great
deal. I had been in bed for ten weeks when I began taking your Vegetable
Compound, but after using it for a short time I was able to be up around the
house. The aching in the lower part of womb has left me. Tne most that
troubles me now is the flowing. That is not so bad, but still there is a little
every day. I am not discouraged yet, and shall continue -with your medicine,
for I believe it will cure me." — Mbs. Chablotte Joksso:*, Monclova.Ohio.
April 13, 1900.
" Dear Mrs. Pktkham : — I have been sick for a long time. I was token
sick with flooding. All my trouble seemed to be in the womb. I ache all the
time at the lower part of the womb. Tho doctor says the womb is covered
with ulcers. I suffer with a pain on the left side of my back over the kidney.
I am fifty years old and passing through the change of life. Please advise ma
what to do to get relief. Would like to hear from you as soon as possible." —
Mrs. Charlotte Johxsojt, Monclova, Ohio.
Jan. 23, 1S99.
Mar. 12, 1S97.
Owing 1 to modern methods of living, not one woman in & thousand ap»
proaches this perfectly natural change without experiencing a train oi very
annoying, and sometimes painful symptoms.
Those dreadful hot flashes, sending the blood surging to the heart until It
seems ready to burst, and the faint feeling that follows, sometimes with chills,
as if the heart were going to stop for good, are only a few of the symptoms of
a dangerous nervous trouble. The nerves are crying out for assistance. The
cry should be heeded in time. Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound was
prepared to meet the needs of woman's system at this trying period of her life.
The three following letters are guaranteed to be genuine and true, and
stiil further prove what a great medicine Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound is for women.
The Most Important Period in a
Woman's Existence. — Mrs. John-
son Tells How She Was Helped
Over the Trying Time.
- i n _ , ¦«•¦ H^BH
fi^gJgJS^ " SAME SHAPE^^^SS
E^jggW;. TWO QUALITIES ''^SsSIrI
wl^SSc3Sm WffXjr^"Ii
"AUVEIiTISESEEIITS.There was more activity on the morning ses
sion of the Bond Exchange, but prtoes showed
no change worthy cf note.
The feature of the afternoon was an advance
in Oceanic to $97 from $33- Spring \ alley
Water advanced to 534.
There was a fair demand for the oil stocks.
as will be seen by the sales.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY. Not. »-I:S0 p. m.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
i>»» r<~. t» rv. 11m; — lOak Water Ss.104 —
Cr" W!«»«.^ 107V, — Om «- Ky GS..123 —
ir* t a. t> e« tail — Pac t» Imp 4*. 10. —
F A^tJto - - P * Cl Ry 6S.105 -
HriVsu - - t'owell-st R «s. - -
Do t 1004 - S«e E GAR 5s WilOO
t **>£;: {07 - s f & sjv5«.iiS4 —
T » I.'rote - W3 IS R of Cal 6». — 113
r£ - - |S P of A SS..112* —
I^ffii'- I«* S P »rc6s(1905
KipTrS"- •«¦» (Series A).... 189 -
Ma'rket-st «£l»* - **> < Sertes B' 10^ T
D^ 1st M 5s "9 - Do <1SK*> HI* —
vr VGK7s.il> 11* Do (1912) ...-m —
V R of Cal 6s. 113 - S P R 1st g 5S.105 X0«
Do5s .-.lli - SPRl! 130 -
V p c ii K 6S.101 - 9 V Water fa.ll3*4 -
Do Ss ....M7M0r4 Do 4s 102*103
Cal Ry 5». Ill 1 * — Do 3d mtge.. — 103
nuk O L & H.HO — Stkta Gas to. 100 105
Oak Tran «s.-n6»4117H
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.- 89T4 70 Spring Valley 93T4 M
Marln County. 514— -'.»
OAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent L & P Co 4 — Pac L Co — 43
Eault C L. Co. 3?4 3S Stc El GARCo 35 49
Mutual El Co. — in S F G & E.... 51% 52%
O G L & H 434 M San Francisco. i\ &
Pac Gas Imp. . 52 1 -* — Stkn C. & E Co — 14,
INSURANCE STOCKS.
FtrenVs Fund. 228 — /
will say:
There ls a stronger tone in cotton and wool,
the former largely because of reports or fears
of crop damage, while the latter is firm at
former quotations on a volume of business equal
to lately enlarged totals. Cereals are. as a
whole, dull and lack speculative interest.
Wheat is practically unchanged, early reports
of Argentine crop damage falling to bring out
much buying and the latter in turn Inducing
realizing. Corn is only fractionally higher
while hog products are rather slow and weak
It is from that long t)me barometer of trade
the iron business, that relatively the best re
ports as to the demand and to prices come
While a considerable volume of business was
displaced Just prior to election, the quantity of
sales reported since has been very satisfactory
Chicago reports the past week's sales at 75,000
tons, the largest of * any week this year. A
similar report comes from Birmingham, where
110,000 tons are reported placed within the past
ten davs. while Pittsburg reports the sales of
finished material the heaviest since last spring
A similar report as to sales of plgiron comes
from Cincinnati. The iron sales have been
largely at an advance of 50 to 75 cents per ton,
while bars and structural material have either
been advanced or the makers are now holding
meetings to agree upon Increases. A large part
of the business in cruder forms Is reported to
have been on export account, despite the repori3
of falling iron prices abroad and the very high
freight rates. A heavy business has been aiso
done in rails at full prices, but figures of quan
tities are withheld. Some heavy Bales of bridge
¥. #
NEW YORK, Nov. 9.— Bradstreet's to-morrow
Bradstreet's on Trade.
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
November 72% 73V4 72U 73U
December 73% 73T4 73 ' 73%
January 74^ 7444 7374 74^J
November'.. 37% SS*i S7K 38H
December 35«,i 35% 35H, 35%
Ma/ ••••••••• 26% 36«i 36V4 3G«4
Oats No. 2 —
November 21 ',4 21% 21H 21%
December 22 22H 21?i 2*^4
May 23% 24 23% 24
Mess Pork, per barrel-
November 10 50 10 GO 10 17% 10 17V4
January 1115 u 20 11 12V4 11 12M,
Lanl, per 100 pounds-
November 6 9.'. 6 97',4 6 S2>4 6 92>4
December 6 774 6 80 6 774 6 77<£
January 6 674 6 674 6 63 6 674
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds — ¦
November 6 25 6 25 6 20 6 20
January s sr, S 974 8 95 5 95
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, unchanged: Xo. 3 spring whoat. 6<?@
73c; No. 2 red, 73Hfr75%c: No. 2 corn, .3S4<S'39c;
No. 2 yellow. 3Sif}39Hc; No. 2 oats. 22',<iW22%c:
No. 2 white. 2«c; No. 3 white, 24V;ig-26*ic; No. 2
rye. 474® 48c; good feeding barley, 39c; fair
to choice malting. 53i5J5'>c: No. 1 flax seed, $1 77;
No. 1 Northwestern. Jl 784: prime timothy
seed, J4 lOGti 20; mess pork, per barrel, J10 65
©10 -:>: lard, per 100 pounds, J6. 974(3:7: short
ribs sides (lor>»<>>. *6 5Off?<5 73; dry salted shoul
dpra (boxed), r,9iS3T4c; short clear sides (boxed)
$6 60(56 70; whisky, basis of high wines, Jl 27;
clover, contract grade, J10.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 16.000 19,005
Wheat, bushels 81,000 182,000
Corn, bushels 153.000 136,000
Oats, bushels 132.000 133,000
Rye., bushels 3,000
Barley, bushels 49.000 15,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm. Creamery, 15(??>23c; Dairy,
12V4<S18c. Cheese, dull, 10@llVic Eggs, steady;
fresh, 20c.
* : — *
The Hay dealers are taknlg a rosy view of
the future of the market. The annual stock
no^V °V Tl and " " hOW8 a 8tock ot only
89,500 tons in the counties tributary to San
Hay and Feedstuff s.
FLOUR— California Family Extras jj 600
3 75, usual terms; Bakers' Extras. J3 40@3 50^
Oregon and Washington, %Z 75@3 10 per bbl for
family and $3 1563 50 for bakers' ; Eastern
J4 7;@5 75 per bbl. aicrn.
MILLSTUFFS-Prices in sacks are as fol
lews, usual discount to the trade- Grah«t«
Flour. 13 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour J2 75^?*
Meal. J2 SO: Rice Flour. $7: Corn Mea? '« 7™
extra cream do. J3 60; Oat Groats jj so- i-™'
iny, J3 5O©3 73; Buckwheat Flour «f£i ?-'
Cracked Wheat, J3 60; • Farina. J4 60- wlo? :
Wheat Flour. J3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels? t$£
7 25; in sacks. *5 75®7; Pearl Barley % ¦' Sd . ft
Peas. $5; Green Peas, $5 50 per 100 lbs'
Flour and Millstuffs.
White. *1 30@l 47H; Surprise. »1 45@1 65- RM
$115«125 for feed and *1 25<gl 37H for' seeri-
Gray. Jl 23^1 35; Black, for teed. Jl 12U« f™.'
for seed. *1 20©l 30 per ctl. V4 ® 1 20 '
CORN'— Eastern Yellow, $1 22H; White 11 22ti-
Eastern Mixed. »1 20@l 22% per ctl. ' * Hi
RYK-87',t@!)0c per ctl.
UUCKWHEAT- Quoted at Jl 75@2 per ctl.
OATS— The demand ls picking up again anri
dealers report more movement at unchanged
prices. 6
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2000 etl«
73'Ac: 8000. 73«4c: 2000. 73«4c; 4000. 73%c
Afternoon Session — No sales.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Feed, 75c for choice bright, 72^c for No 1
and CS-g^Oc for off grades; Brewing and ShiD
pmg grades. S0@8«c; Chevalier, romlnal
Afternoon Session— May— 10,000 ctls 11 07U
2000, *1 07%: 2000, $1 07%. December— W00 II 00H :
4000. II 00%; 4000. fl 00%. ' * xu0> »"
BARLEY— There was no further change in
prices.
WHEAT— Paris was weak, Liverpool showed
little change. New York was higher and Chi
cago opened dull, but no lower. Broomhall
cabled that the damage In the Argentine was
less than thought. The shipments from the
Argentine were small. Later on the market
became firmer, with Indications of an advance
and there was a good cash demand, but it was
difficult to work owing to lack of freight room
At the close a reaction was expected.
In this market futures advanced and SDOt
quotations also moved up a fraction
, SS ot Wheat — Shipping, Jl; Milling,' $1 01U@
1 03*4 per ctl.
CALt. BOARD SALES.
., I £ f . 0r .™ 1 ?r ft -!? n ~ 9:13 o'clock-May-4000 ctls,
Second Session — May — 2000 ctls, $1 07
Regular Morning Session— May— 10 000 etl*
$1 07%; 42.000. $1 07V4: 6000, $1 07%: 16.000 11 07K
Decc-mber-2000, $1 00&; 4000, |i 00%; lO.OW.'
$1 ooy t .
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days 14 giii
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 53^
Sterling Cables -_ 4 gs'
New York Exchange, sight 5
New York Exchange, telegraphlo — 7V4
Fine Silver, per ounce 63&i
Mexican Dollars, nominal 50H © 51
Exchange and Bullion.
CHICAGO, Xov. 9.— Wheat formed a some
what Irregular market early, feeling the steady
Liverpool cables on the one hand and on the
other reports declaring damage claims for
Argentina had been exaggerated. December
opened unchanged to 73-%®73Uc, and shortly
afterward touched 73%®73iic. A drop to 73^ic
was followed by a recovery and the gain In
price was gradually Increased as the session
progressed. The falling off in receipts helped,
but the chief boost came from the shipping de
mand. Shorts covered freely the last hour
December advanced to 73*»'(?73T4c and closed
%tfi^c over yesterday at 73 : !4c.
Corn was fairly active. The market opened
easier on the favorable weather and liberal
Argentine shipments and later on the receipts,
small country offerings and on improved cash
demand and, in sympathy with wheat, rallied
In good shape. December closed Vi@%c up at
35%c.
Oats were quiet, but shared in the prosperity
of the other leading grain markets. December
closed V4c higher at 22c. Speculative business
In provisions was the smallest of any day this
month and the tendency of prices was down
ward. The market opened flrm on a lighter
run of hogs than had been expected, but turned
easy on a slack demand and liberal offerings
January pork clo«ed 2i^ c lower, lard a shade
higher, ribs unchanged.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
There was considerable profit-taking, supple
mented by selling for London with fairly large
short offerings by traders. The reaction, how
ever, failed to appear, mainly because of the
large buying public, which promptly made its
appearance. Commission-houses were conspicu
ous purchasers, the conclusion being that the
election had brought the public back into the
market In full force. The offerings were read
ily absorbed and the recorded transactions at
the stock exchange on Wednesday rose to about
1.600.000 shares, though it ls believed that the
actual amount on that day was fully 2 000 000
sharer, making it the largest single day's
business In the history of the exchange, nos
ing firm on Wednesday, the next day developed
further activity and a large demand for stocks
despite the sitms that the enthusiasm was
wearing off. London was again a seller but
there were indications that the manipulation
Interests were active on the bullish side par
ticularly in stocks such as Brooklyn, Manhat
tan or Sugar, In which the bears were numer
ous. Large buying orders seemed to appear at
concessions', and the activity, though on a
smaller Bcale, was sufficiently strong to Indi
cate the continued pretence of the public The
Industrials were features and there appeared to"
be a feeling that the election was a fctronc
point in favor of such stocks and gave a basis
for discounting any expansion in the iron and
The market on this eide opened materially
higher than Monday's close, with a good deal
of excitement.
Speculation awaited the Presidential election
with confidence, despite nervousness In some
quarters and the hardening of money on the
eve of the decision. The stock exchange com
munity, moreover, has, since the election, cele
brated the triumph of 'sound money principles
and the expectation of the further business
prosperity by a strong and active market At
the end of last week there was a conservative
feeling, due to higher money and a disposition
to restrict speculative obligations, thoueh the
Indications were that large interests had Batls
fled themselves about the result and were elv
ing the market support. On last Saturday and
Monday the market was strong, owing larB»lv
to the tendency of the shorts to cover. Several
houses with London connections made arrange
ments to send orders to that market on Tues
day night, and as the outcome of the election
was unmistakable the facilities were made use
of extensively. The New York buying In Lon
don in the early hours was estimated at 60 000
shares and caused a sharp advance In Ameri
can rails.
XEW YORK. Nov. D.-Bradstreet's Financial
Review to-morrow will say:
Chicago Grain Market.
Bradstreet's Financial Review. I
. - 1
Butter and Egf* aro both cheap«r. Oia«9»
stands the eama.
Meats and Poultry art about as they ver«
! and Game shows littl* change.
There ls nothing new In Fruits and Vege
tables. Both are gettins scarcer, and prices
ara rising slowly u tiia season draws to a
close.
Coal. p«r to»—
Cannel *— — «li 00 SouthfleM
Wellington ..— «u 00; Wellington..— <m 00
Seattle > 00®— — |Coo« Bay.... — $iw
Dairy Produce, etc.—
Butter, choice, sq.OjJWi Common Ejs»....B0"5—
Do. good 35®— Ranch Egg*, per
Pickled 35<S40| dozen Jl^.S&S-iO
Tub. per Ib........20 v i — Honey Comb, par
Cheese. Cal 12 'a 15 pound 1S©"O
Cheese. Eastern.. 170^ Vo, extracted... 10&U
Cheese. Swiss 20&35
Meats, per It —
Bacon 12H'813 1 Round Steak 1O»—
Beef, choice 15<{{ 20 Sirloin Steak. .....15S—
Do. good 10<S 12 Porterhouse do....2i»rf
Corned Beef — OW'smoked Beef — ©15
Ham 13'aljlPork, salt 12aii
Lard —^laiPork Chops X5'tfIS
Mutton lOtiUifc'ork Sausaxea.. 12W220
Lamb 10§12 Veal 2aU
Pork, fresh 15<"g —
Poultry and Came —
Hens, each oOgKiDoves, per dos. ..73£M
1'ounj Roosters, Quail, per doz..$l 5003
each 50863 'English Snipe, per
Old Roosters. ea..40 r <j50| dozen $2 ooa
FYyers. each 4gg4.j Jack Snipe.. .Jl 50®
Hrollers. each 3O@4o Mallard. palr..75cfitl 23
Turkeys, per lb.-lS'S^iCanvasback ..75c^$i a
Ducks, each 50^60 'Sprig iO'Slo
Geese, each. ..$1 £081 75 Teal 80873
Pigeons, pair 40:3301 Widgeon SOS-
Rabbits, pair 40<@M!Small Duck 40a—
Hare, each — -ii-O.Wlld Geese. palr..5<v3S>>
Fruits and Xuts —
Almonds, per It>.. 153— [Plums, per It>.... 5© g
Apples 4'tf olQuiaces. per ID... 4S 5
Bananas, doz 12^20; Raisins, per fb... ij-Jfi;
Figs, per lb 15tf20i Raspberries. dr...3i©C0
Grapes, per r& 5# « Strawberries, per
Oranges, doz 2C330 drawer ......... .30^30
Limes, per doz.... 10a 121 Walnuts, per Ib..iju—
Lemons, doz 1O@1S|
Vegetables —
Artichokes. doa...50ig73;Okra, gT»«n. pr to-lOUlS
Beets, dox 12 XS 13. Peppers, green, to 5©lu
Beans, white. It>.. 5© — Potatoes, per R>.. 3a ;
Colored, per Ib.. 4Q S'Sweet Potatoes 3^ 4
Lima, per lb.....— tp 8|Parsnlps, per doz.lS^—
Cabbage, each.... 5.&lo:Radishes, dz bchs.lO#i2
Cauliflowers, each 5^fl'jjSa.ee. doz bnchs..25-3'l>
Celery, bunch 5©— String Beans, lb.. 8212
Cress, doz bnch*..70'«2o; Summer Squash.
Cucumbers, pr dz.l3®i>) per lb 8®13
Egg Plant. 1T> 8'glu Thyme, per R> 20^30
Green Peas. lb.... SSlOTumlps. per doz..lOigiJ
Lettuce, per doz.. 15^— Tomatoes, per'Ib. Sjj j
Onions, per It>.... 3U 5i
Fish-
Barracuda 12$15|
Carp 8©WiShad pqw
Codnsh 12'a;ii!Sea Baas — <BIi
Flounders 10'ali! Smelts 12tt—
Halibut 10^15] Soles io^_
KlnKflsh 0'u — Pkates. each S©1S
Mackerel 15® — Tomcod — &-i;
Do. Horse 12H®— Clams, gallon 50<£—
Perch 10^12 Do. hardshell. n> SKlu
Pomplno 90$>— Crabs, each 12i-@—
Rockflsh 1TH®-' Do. softshell. dz40<2—
Salmon, fresh 20® — Mussfl.j, quart 5©1.1
Do. smoked — ©15 Oysters. Cal. 100..4P«?iO
Shrimps S'slJ Do. Eastern. dz.Zi^iu
Family Retail Market*
The market for evaporated apples ruled
quiet and about steady to-day at unchanged
Trices. State common were quoted at 4-JJc;
prime. 4*iffi;';c; choice, i^t.'atc: fancy. e'Sfi'^c.
California dried fruits, dull and unchanged.
PRUNES— 3Vi:QMic rier pound, as to size and
quality.
APRICOTS-Royal, M'fjHe; Moorpark, 15®
16c.
PEACHES— Peeled. 16<320c; unpeeled, 5(ff9c.
DRIED FRUITS,
j(. — *
NEW YORK, Xov. 9.— FLOUR— Receipts, 41,
707 barrels: exports, 14.S13 barrels; sales, 'J500
packages. Market was steadier and muilerate
ly active.
WHEAT— Receipts, E6.230 bushels; exports.
11, COO bushels; sales, 3,650,000 bushels futures;
SO.OCO bushels spot; epot, flrm. No. 2 red, 7i%c
f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Duluth, SSTic f. o. b.
afloat. Options opened firmer on Kngllsh
speculative cables and were later strengihtn^l
by small Southwest Fales and absence of Bill
ing pressure. Argentine »news conflicted, Lut
the bulls apparently gave It most credit. The
close was steady at 1 / n'rt%c net advance. Sales
Included No. 2 re<i. March, *S2H«jS2%e, clc«ej
S2HC; May, Sl%'3S2 t ,ic, closed S2Hc; November,
closed 7Sc; December, TSVi&TS l-16c, closed Tic.
HOPS-Qulet.
HIDES— Steady.
WOOL— Dull.
COFFEE — Spot Rio, steady; No. 7 invoice,
8%c; mild, quiet; Cordova, 9'-i1J13U(;. Futures
cloted steady with a net loss of 5 points. Total
sales, 17,000 bass. Including: November, it> 95;
December. $7; January, $7 Cm; February, J7 10;
March. i7 150" 20; May. $7 25.
SUGAR— Quiet. Fair retln'.nsr. 3T4c; centri
fusal. 96 test. «%c; molasses sugar, 3%c. Ke
flncJ, dull.
BUTTER— Receipts. 354S packages; firmer;
creamery. WfiZie; June creamery, 17g2UJc; fac
tory. Waiztec.
EGGS— Receipt s, 4431 packages; flrm. West
ern regular packlns, at mark, lS©23c; "West
ern, loss oft, 25c.
Exports of Produce.
Experts cf pro<lt:ce asl Tr.erchandise from
this port during the f.rst ten months of the
year were JC4.3j€,4>?. against S:S.E£9.300 during
the sa=:e periijd last year, the leading items
b«ng ts follcws: To Atlantic ports, $2.r,31.;0O;
Grtat Britain. JU.2<4.:40; China. $3,760,200;
Japan,' $3,li7.f«X>; Australia. $l.r>06.'>X>: Mexico.
f.ZZ'.i&i'-. CertraJ America. $1.2»U:<»: South
America. JS57,S;0: Jliwaiian Islands, J3.76o.700.
Weather Report.
<:r:th Meridian— Pac!!5c Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Nov. S— 5 p. m.
The followirjr are the seasonal rainfalls to
dite, ss ccrrpaifd with those cf the same date
!r^t seamen, ar.d rainfall ia last twenty-four
li'urs:
! Last I This j Last
STATIONS. 14 Hoars] Season, j Season.
Eureka ! .... fc.23 ! 7.64
Jie<i B!ur» ! .... 3.71 ! 4.10
Surrarr.er.t? ] 1.7S I 5.06
San Francisco 2.11 ! 4.32
>"r^sr.o .46 j 2.37
Jndepender.ce .82 I .19
Fan Luis Obtapo LSI I 4.23
Us Anpoles „ .... .11 1.69
far. Piepo ! .... .23 ; .07
fan Kranc'.sco data: Maximum temperature,
"f : rriri^uin. 4S; mean. ii<.
WEATHEB OXVDITIOXS AND GENERAL.
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen s=!owly over the Pa
elfle •¦: jr* and has risen over the Rocky Moun
tain rejrlon. An area of hijfh pressure, exceed
|BC at nisr.y joints 30.00 inch**, overlies Mon
tar.a and Manitoba.
The temperature has risen rapidly In the
vio;r.:ty of San Francisco. Throughout the
frifat va!!ers of California the temperatures
«r« from 5 to M degrees above the normal and '
Ftill warmer weather is likely to prevail on
!^. turday.
No raiu has fallen west of the Rocky Moun
tains.
Forecast ir.ade at San Francisco for thirty
fccurs eTidir.fr rr.idnipht. November 19. 1SO0:
Northern California— Fair Saturday, except
cloudy £lon£ coast: cor.tinued -narra weather, j
»:th iiKht r.crtherlv winds.
Southern California— Fair Saturday, with con
tir.ucl warm weather: light northerly winds.
Nevada— Fair Saturday.
Utah— Fair Saturday.
Arizona— Fair Saturday.
fan Francisco and vicinity— Fair Saturday;
light northerly wind*.
ALEXANDER G. MeADIE.
Forecast Official.
Nc7V York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. Nov. 9.— To-day will prov* a
memorable one in the history of the Stock
Nrzi 1 York Stock Market.
Esrhar-gc, both t>y reason cf the amount ami '
the great variety of the business done. The !
apgregate number of shares of all stocks traded
in footed up no le« than 1.544.000 shares or
listed S;^uf-5 and the nurr.br of different stocks
dealt in amounted to 177 issues. There were
non» of the enormous individual transaction*
vhich shewed in the excited trading and ex
tensive buying of Wednesday. Neither was
there the synchronous movement of the whole
market, which was so conspicuous on Wednes
day, including the brief period cf reaction after
the first upward rush of prices. To-day's mar- |
Jf - t en the contrary was exceedingly varied and !
irrfgu'.ar all day and the furious activity con- j
tinued without intermission or abatement from
the opening till th» cli s;. The first transac
li-.r.s fhowc-d jvrlcee of some stocks pushing
x.;> while others yielded ehaxply to the pret-
M-re r( realizing sales. Both movements pro
<-<-<v)<»d with ur.diniinished vigor and with en
tire disregard or riivertrent tendencies at work.
Different stocks and different groups of FtockJ
were successively brought forward into the au
vance and mmtMlftiy yielded to the pressure
cf profit-taking sales, while speculators rushed
to another group, trannferTlng their • p-ofus
from one quarter of the market to be invested
in another. Nothing could be more character
istic of a genuine bull market in full snlng
and the fact that the rotation of the epecula
tRn brought around Into the railroad group
again before the deliver}' had elapsed, added
t<> the confident sentiment for the advance.
At the opening and during all the earlier pu^ t
of the day the railroad Mocks were distinctly
under j>res--fure. Northern Pacific and the
•whole of the Pacific group as well as Penn-
BylraaU. ruled under last night's closing levtl.
I'.ut under th<* rostakdns Influence of the
urenpth in other polnta in the market tho
X.rofit- taking In the railroads, including heavy
telling lor London account. prv><-<-«le<i without
eerious impairment of prices. The local trac
tion fcroup and the mercurial Industrials, in- !
eluding Sugar and People's Gas, continued yes
terday's uj.ward rush for a time and then suc
cumbed to the reason of profit-taking. Specu
lative Interest thifted to the iteel stocks aiul
ultimately carried most Ftocks in that Krou,j
upward fr-ini 3 to over 5 points, th» latter
fifrure fcr Ftee! and Wire, which came late into
th*- movement. The demand for these stocks
and their ffains were, on the whole, the mou
t.inspicuoue and w*ij euftain>-d of the day
The coolers advanTd as a Kroup, ilearlu'z
J\rj--t preferred leading with a Bain of 2 S ». Thev
were followed by the rranpers, Missouri Pa
rih'c. naltimore and Ohio. Kortbwestern and I
fcume Southern railroads, and during the la- 1 1
hour Sugar and the Pacifies generally. The I
1 ..recasts of the weekly caafa < hanj?e» of ih>
tanks wen- not altogether reassuring, but as
the call loan rate falli-d to give any warning
indication of a. scarcity of funds the snecu-
E«°.tive activity wae continued up to the close
The I-.-:.-, market was strong, active and
u.-uad to a de^r»-e corresponding with that 'or
1 : - r> Total xales, par value. J4,6SfO,OW).
L'ntted States new 4s advanced » s and all
other Issues except the it-grlstered 3s ',4 ptr
» ¦ :.: on the last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
£ ha ,™"* _ , Closing
S«i aSo7 H £*\
42.:a Atchlsoa prefd !".!"*!". 771^
l'7,i'Jl Ualtlmore & Ohio " 73
Canadian Pacific "*" 87%.
2,120 Canada Southern *"' rg
KK'.'.ti Chesapeake t Ohio, ex dlv .'.'. 3;^
l.ili Ohicaeo Great Western ' jj*^
2t.'X» Chicago, liurlington & Cfuincy "l33
•400 Chicago, InJ & Louisville ' ?4»'
«« Chicago. In<3 /t l»uisvUle rrefd..'" 68
l.ruO Chicago & Eastern Illinois ss 1 *.
2.1f-0 Chlcapo & Northwestern 167%*
12.273 Chicago. Rock Island & Pacific 1131*
12.110 CCC&Ft Louis cr ,JT
VZi Colorado Southern e£
....... ColoraJu Houthrrn 1st prefd 40
Colorado Southern 2d prtfd IC14
2.224 I>-!aware & Hudson 115U
1.0W* I*elaware. I^ack & W*Mern ISO
1.<XK» Denver &. Rio Grande 21*. I
4.7C0 I»envcr K Itlo Grande prefd 737.
iu> etic ::: iiC
1O..>3 Erie 1st prefd j;4
i»2 Great Norihf-rn prefd 1CS
2.1f>0 H.xkinc Coal 171^
1.C0 }I>cking Valley 3S*.
1.400 Illinois Central 12l»v
l'>0 Iowa Or.tral j»»i
1*i0 Iowa C< ntral vrefii 43J 4
2.€20 Lake Erie Ac Wm>rn Si* 1 *
J00 Lake Erie & Wostern prefd 110 "
Laki« Shore 210'i
ir..OT,0 L'.uiFvlIle & Nashville 7?S
4S.K.0 Manhattan Elevated 107H
12. JMi Metrojiolitan Street Railway 167
S.iitfi Mexlcnri Or.tral 13U
" ?fi© SiinnearcMs & fit Louis 60'
S(Kl Minneapolis & St Louis prefd if.K
40.160 MiF?<Mirl Pacific S9*fc
100 Mobile & Ohio 41
Missouri, Kansas &. Texas Jl
4.300 Missouri. KaiiFas A. Texas prefd.... 34%
700 New Jersey Central 137
M20 New York Central 1S7H
61.K9 Norfolk & Western .-... 4!«i
i£» Norfolk &. Western prefd 7J>4
•
NEW YORK, Nov. 9.— Money on call steady
at 3^4 per cent; laet lean, Z\i per cent. Prime
mercantile paper, 4«4@5>i per cent. Sterling
exchange, firm, with ectual business in bank-
M S0?»64 W*i for sixty days; posted rates, 4 81 V4
Netv York Money Market
LONDON. Nov. 9. —Canadian Pacific. 90«-
Union Pacific prefd. 80V»; Northern Pacific
prefd. 7&H: Grand Trunk, 6%; Anaconda, 9U
Bar silver. 29 H-I6d per ounce. Money, 2U.@1
CLOSING
The Bank of England continued to. influence
the market. To-day- the bank did a small
business In loans at 4% and discounts at 4 per
cent. Indicating that It has the market well
In hand. :
NEW YORK. Nov. 9.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
There was a distinct reduction in the. volume
of business transacted here to-day, partly due
to the obstruction of the Lord Mayor's show,
but due mainly to the approach of Monday's
settlement. Americans were not excited and
the activity In them was much reduced. They
were kej.t about steady by New York support
but London is etlll inclined to realize because
of the fact that the recent trading has been
larpely a professional gamble on the election
of Mr. McKlnley. The market In the street,
however, proved a surprise, a very large num
ber of brokers being gathered. There was
more noise than business, however. London
seemed to require some new development as an
incentive, the election Impulse having been ex
hausted here.
The London Market.
i S:,6C0 Northern Pacific K%
I 6,000 Northern Pacific rrefd, ex dlv 75T»
26.1S0 Ontario & Western 24
Oregon Railway & Navigation 42
Oregon Railway & Nav prefd 76
45.150 Pennsylvania 139»i
33.730 Reading 1»U
! 112.300 Reading 1st prefd 61H
I 12.2<j0 Reading 2d- prefd 30
Rio tJranJe Western 60
Hio Grande Western prefd SO
2.C37 St Louis & San Francisco 13
Bt Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 6!<
2.<X>0 ft Louis & San Fran 2d prefd SS^i
2.K0 St Louis, .Southwestern H'i
b.viiO fcU I^uls, Southwestern prefd S3"s
24,i;0 Bt P.iul 1211
200 St Paul prefd 174
St Paul & Omaha 116»i
J 43,245 Southern Pacific 4uW
9,7. T O Southern Railway 14
' 10.SM Southern Railway prefd o^i
i 5.600 Tt-xas & Pacific 19Vt
i €2.125 I'nicn Pacific 66
j t.<23 Tnion Pacific prefd 7SU
I SO0 Wabash 8
j 2,C<"«1 Wala?h prefd 21
I 4,Wt) Whet-Ilmc & L E 10'i
2.7:o Wheeting & L E 2d prefd 2G\
Wisconsin Central 14' s
400 Thlr.l Avenue _ 112
Kxjiress Companies —
Adams .133
44S American 161
United States 50
Wellf-Fargo 130
Miscellaneous —
I 2.515 American Cotton Oil 36«i
American Cotton Oil prefd 93
4C0 American Malting 54i
200 American Malting prefd 24*i
5,660 American Smelting & Refng 45't
2,ft-0 American Smelting & Refng prefd.. 93*i
i American Spirits 2
American Spirits prefd 17
2I--.110 American Steel Hoop 30';
] 2,4.'ft American Steel Hoop prefd 79^
i 1CS.270 American Steel & Wire 43Ti
j f,<:0 American Steel & Wire prefd 73>4
KT, American Tin Plate 39 T »
I L220 American Tin Plate prefd S7^
40.223 American Tobacco 105^
American Tobacco rrefd 133
4,510 Anacrmda Mining Co 46 5 i
£2.445 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 69
S.3C0 Colorado Fuel & Iron 46
S»,350 Continental Tobacco 33
I &.110 Continental Tobacco prefd S5
i S;«.27O Federal Steel 47K.
j 15.122 Federal Ste«l prefd 75>*
2.C50 General Electric 147
2,100 Glucose Sucar 5SH
100 Glucose Sugar prefd It'?**
7,411 International Paper 25V t
3.400 International Paper prefd 7&»i
T.50 Laclede Gas 6? 1 
l.(:» National Hiscuit 3«H
177 National Biscuit rrefd $2
1.(1-0 National Lead I1K
100 National Lead prefd i(S
*.W> National Steel S7»i
2,f>2i> National Sttel r-nefd 92
1,210 New York Air Brake 131
4.600 North American 17
200 Pacific Coast 68%
100 Pacific Coast 1st prefd 85
100 Pacific Coast 2d prefd 6S
f.SSO Pacific Mail '. 47^i
27.42.". Peoj.le's «Jas. ex div 9*-*^
b.VO Pressed Steel Car 53
UC3 Pressed Steel Car prefd 87
200 Pullman Palace Car 191
200 Standard Rope & Twine 6
! SO70 Sugar 130U
I l.Sll Sugar prefd 116» 4
27,t*O Tennessee Coal & Iron 63 1 ,*
5*,870 T"nited States Leather 13» t
o.yft I'nited States Leather prefd 75 l . t
8.115 I'nited States Rubber 35'*
6<.O Unite] States Rubber prefd 95
T.S-r.o Western L'nion • S3
9.070 Republic Iron & Steel Co 17%
3,6^0 Republic Iron & gteel Co prefd W-i
P C C & St Louis 63
1,544, S00 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
C E 2s ref reg 105\i N Y C lsts 108
Do coupon 105*4 N J C gen 5s 166
I'Sia reg UO ;N* Pacific 3s 70
Do couponi llOVil Do 4a 104«4
Do new 4s reg . . . 13<^i ; N Y C & St L 4s...lO6'4
Do new 4s coup-.136%» N & W con 4s 9S%
Do old 4s reg 116 ( Or Nav lsts 109
Do old 4s coup. ..116 I Do 4s 104
Do 6s reg 113v; Or Short Line 6s..l27»4
Do coupon 113U ! Do con 5s 114^
Diet of Col 3.€5s...l24^ Reading gen 4s.... SiH
Atchison gen *£....100K R G W lsts 9S»i
Do adj 4s MVi Pt L & I M con 5s. 111%
Canada So 2ds 107»fe St L & S F gen 6s. 125
Che? & O 4^s lOOHISt Paul cons 172
Do 5s IIS St P C & P lsts...HSH
Chi & N con*s....l37H i Do as 119H
Do S F deb 5s...ll7^S Pacific 4s 83%
Chicago Terca 4s... 92 !S Railway Es Ill
Colorado So 4s 100% Stand R & T 6s... 70
D & R G 4s 9SV» Tex & Pac lsts 115
Erie gen 4s/. 73'4 Do 2ds 7S
F W & D C lsts... 7S I* Pacific 4s 106
Gen Electric 5s....llS Wabash lsts HS«i
Iowa Cent lsts llo'i Do 2ds 104V^
L & N unl 4s 98H West Shore 4s 112«4
M K & T 2ds 6S»« Wlscon Cent lsts.. 87^
Do 4s 94 Va Centuries 90Va
MINING STOCKS.
Brunswick 13lOntarlo .*.... 6 25
Hhollar lOJOphir 75
Crown Point 10:Plymouth 10
I Con Ca! & Va 1 25
Deadwood Sl| Do profd 7 00
Gould & Curry.... SO Sierra Nevada 71
Hale & Norcross.. 17 Standard 3 10
Homestako 60 n» T'nion. Con 14
Iron Silver 68; Yellow Jacket 20
Mexican 24l
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— tUnlon Pacific 634
Call loans 4 <53!Rubbor :.. 34V4
Time loans 4V4<g6'l*nion Land 2
Stocks — I Win Cent 141
A T & St Fe 35 I Bonds—
Do rrefd 77* 8 iAtchi?on 4s lOOVi
I Amor Su?ar 130 I Mining Shares-
Do prefd 11634 'Adventure ' 514
! ruil Tel 152'.i!Allouez Min Co.... 2\
Boston & Albany..2Til ;AmaI Copper 9314
Boston & Maine... 190 ! Boston & Mont 320
Chi Bur & Q 133 JButte & Boston .. 63
Dominion Coal pfd.113 .Calumet & Hecla..800
Federal Steel 47H Centennial 17?i
Do prefd 75'4 Franklin MS
Fitchburg. prefd ..ISSH.Humboldt 25
Gen Electric 147UOsceola 74%
Do prefd 140 iParrott 46
Ed Elec III 213 -Qulncy 155
Mexican Cent 13'4 Santa Fe Copper .. 7«i
Michigan Tel ST. ;Tamarack 253
N E Gas & Coke.. 13'4 Utah Mining C2?i
Old Colony 202 jWinona 314
j Old Dominion 23'i Wolverines 43ij
Failures for the week were 201 in the United
States, acalnst 157 last year, and IS In Canada,
against 20 last year.
* IZZZZ *
NEW YORK, Nov. 9.— R. G. Dun & Co.'s
Weekly Review of Trade to-morrow will say:
Tho Iron markets arc In an encouraging con
dition. No violent speculation ls threatened,
but in numerous Instances a better demand has
caused small advances. The most notable
change thus far ls In plglron, which ls eagerly
sought at all markets, large contracts being
placed at 25@'5Cc a ton above the bottom point
recently quoted. In partially manufactured
forms, such as plates and beams. Improvement
ls definite, while large building operations will
keep structural material moving freely. More
ships are planned and bridges recjuire material.
Railroads are buying most products freely. Or
ders for export are numerous and foreign ma
kers have been compelled to reduce prices for
steel rails. Spot cotton has not advanced as
expected on the approach of frost. Actual
damage has not come and belief In a current
yield of 10.000,000 bales is stronger. Russian
ports send out wheat freely and even In Argen
tina the outlook for the crop la less discour
aging. Western receipts are large. A heavy
cut in the price of refined sugar by all- the
large interests brings standard granulated to
5.60c. Speculation in hides ls .out of propor
tion to the boot and shoo trade. Prices at Chi
cago advanced for some months and leather
has only partially responded, while boots and
shoes average the same price a* two months
ago, when the bottom was reached. Shlpmcnt3
from Boston are slightly under recent weeks,
but there are sample orders eo long as goods
do not respond to more expensive raw material.
Tills statp of affairs cannot continue indefinite
ly. The hard winter weather ls making havoc
with the textile industries and almost counter
acts the election. Wool is more active at
noston than at any time this y*-ar. but specu
lation ls reappearing. Manufacturers buy in
moderation, but sales at thp three chief East
ern markets rwich.-d S.131,000 pounds. Prices
are steady and holders nre confident, although
heavy stocks are available.
NEW YORK. Nov. 9.— The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet, shows the bank clear
ings at all principal cities for the week ended
November 8, with the percentage of Increase
and decrease as compared with the correspond
irg week last year:
_ Percentages.
c.tlee— Amount. Inc. Dec.
New York $946,556,435 .... 11.0
Uoston 114.112,013 .... 3.3
Chicago 120.4fl6.BO7 .... 11.2
Philadelphia 77.393.113 .... 8.8
St. Louis 30.772.640 3.7
PittPburg 27.754, 455 .... 1.2
Baltimore 17.909,480 .... 10.1
San Francisco 14. 380, 042 .... 13.4
Cincinnati 15.2S3.715 .... 3.8
Kansas City 15.655,541 3.4
New Orleans 13,S6J,61J .... S.6
Minneapolis 13,106. 4f>2 .... 9.5
Detiolt )>,144,S3» 4.8
Cleveland 30.542.337 .... 3.S
Louisville 7,713,592 .... 9.7
Providence 5.934.2C0 .... 12.5
Milwaukee 5.5".2.2S3 10.5
St. Taul 4.23R.613 .... 15. S
Buffalo 4.920.921 *.... 8.7
Omaha C.SS5.174 .... 13.3
Indianapolis 6.272.22S 10.6
Columbus, Ohio ... 5. 430.000 9.1
Savannah 4.S97.I31 15.2
Denver 3,r>>6. 196 .... ....
Hartford 2,3."M,r,?0 .... 7.2
Richmond 3,"M,305 .... 17.7
Memphis 3.611.165 .... 2.1
Washington 2,6f!7,o37 7.4
IVorla 2. 432. 921 15.3
Rochester 2.fi00.6S2 IK. 6 ....
New Haven 1,473,637 41.3
AVcrcester 1.616.315 12.1
Atlanta 2,545,9-H 10.7
Salt Lake City 2.332. 4S9 10.2
Springfield. Mass .. 1,789,216 1S.0
Fort Worth 2.120.374 23.1
Portland. Me 1.237.:HS 26.6
Portland, Or ' 2.957.2C1 15.4 ....
St. Joseph 3,556.207 7.8
Los Angeles ¦ 2.024.22S 6.2
Norfolk 1.46S.376 .... 38.6
Syracuse 1,14s. 367 8.7
He? Molnes 1.444.233 .... 7.3
Nashville 1,446,595 .... 10.8
Wilmington, Del... 754,li6 .... 4.9
Fall River 1.147.1S4 B.6 ....
Scranton 949.953 ....
Grand Rapids 1.16S,14rt 13*6
Augusta, Ca 1.1 SO 645 4 9
Lowell 529.734 11.8
Dayton, Ohio 1.071.338 .... 7.5
Seattle 2.6.VI.947 .... 10.8
Tacoma 942,374 .... 6 7
Spokane 1.172.C23 E^
Sioux City 1.207 673
New Bedford 1.0ni.3SS 3o!s
Kncxville, Tenn.... S21.2CJ 11.2
Topeka 946.330 64.0
Birmingham E0S.9O3 23.4
Wichita C31.99S 6.4 ....
Btnrhamton 4C0.S00 23 3
Lexington. Ky 42S.750 .. 19"?
Jacksonville, Fla... 2:4.697 12. 5
Kalumazoo 33.*. 773 .... sis
Akron 621,100 17.0 ,..'. I
Chattanooga 3S3.336 ... 6 5
Rockford, 111 257,559 12 S
Canton. Ohio 2S1.0C0 14 7
Springfield, Ohio... 302,603 .. . 4*7
Fargo. N. D 318,013 30.9
Slcux Falls. S. D.. 1S2.522 .... ....¦
Hastings, Neb 1V7.367 30.7 .'..'.
Fremont. Neb 114,694 5.5
Davenport S93.926 . 5''
Toledo 2.2W.S'i2 16
Galveston R,35S.00O .... "j*j
Houston 10,439,206 .... ....
Colorado Springs... S54.5C4 .... )*)]
Little Rock 773,439 4S.4
Maccn 71'S.OoO i"»'i
Helena 423.M7 ... <)"«
SprlnKn>ld. Ill 422.6T7 .. t'.O
Youngstown 299,714 6 9
Evensville Si'i2,693 .... ii.4
Totals U. S $1,533,939,652 ..;. ~9~1
Total? out*lde
>¦*• X" 607.3S2.S27 6.0
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal $16,273,421 .... 146
Toronto 12,4S3 ; 4M 11 3
Winnipeg 2,745.77«t .. is'i
Halifax 1.C62.US 4.6
Hamilton 814.129 77
Su John. N. B 77S 951 '"9
Vancouver L010.029 .! jg'i
Victoria S2S.1SS gig ....
Total J36.5SS.037 .... ~5~9
Dun's Review of Trade.
Bank Clearings.
Silzrr a fraction firmer. Exchange unchanged.
Wheat advanced slightly. Barley as before.
Rather more doing in Oats. No change in Corn or Rye.
Hay dealers figuring out an approaching scarcity.
Beans continue zveak under excessive receipts.
Large arrival of Flaxseed from Washington.
Onions lower. Potatoes unchanged. Vegetables steady.
Butter and Eggs continue to weaken. Cheese unchanged.
Poultry in good supply at unchanged prices.
Game in fair receipt and steady.
Fresh and Dried Fruits shozv no particular change.
Provisions in fair demand at the old quotations.
Beef, Mutton and Lamb higher. No change in Pork.
I her eased exports of Produce and Merchandise.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
WASHINGTON, Nov. g.-To-day's statement
of the treasury balances in the general fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve In the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance, $139,081,01*2; gold, $91,160,361.
Condition of the Treasury.
and $4 854; commercial bills. J4 80(24 80^; sil-
Jif ce , rt ' nc »"'S. 63%G65c; bar Bllver 53^. Mex .
lean dollars, 60.
Bonds— Government, strong; State, inactive;
railroad, strong.
I material and structural steel are reported at
' New York. Hardware has moved rather better
I of late. Other metals are quieter, except tin.
, which is slightly higher after the late weak
j ness.
Hopefulness as to improvement in fall demand
now that the election ls over and cold weather
I has arrived is reported in all sections, but no
where ls 'the feeling of confidence so marked
as In the South. Despite the recent decline in
cotton the feeling in that section is notably
cheerful. In the West dry goods, clothing,
shoes and hardware are moving better. In the
East leather, shoes, wool, tobacco and coal ari
firm and the outlook for business Is regarded
as favorable. On the Pacific Coast export
trade with our new possessions and with -Asia
has been good. California reports the large
area planted In grain helped 'by recent rains.
Refined EUgar is almost alone among the sta
ples lower on the week by 15 cents, but this ls
mainly due to the decreased prices of raws on
enlarged supply. <v.
Wheat, Including flour shipments for the
week aggregate 3.555.507 bushels, against 3.612.
421 bushels last week; 4 650 642 bushels In the
corresponding week of 1S9".», 3.774.693 bushels in
189S.5.445.542 bushels in 1S97 and 4,664.515 bushels
In 1SS6. From July 1 to date this season wheat
exports are 67,412.071 bushels, against 77,239,638
bushels last season and 77.620,216 bushels in
1SSR-99.
Failures for the week in the United States
number 161, against 163 last week. 1S2 In this
week a year ago, 1S7 In 18'JS, 273 in 1S97 and 258
in 1896. Canadian failures for the week number
17, against 16 last week. 23 In this week a year
ago. 30 In 1S98. 33 In 1897 and 44 in 1896.
EASTERN',
Corn, ctls ........ LOOGBr. Corn, bales.. a
Flour, qr sks.... 9,«so Flaxaeed. ska ... 13,234
WASHINGTON.
FOR FRIDAY, NOVEMBER ».
Flour, gr sks.... 20.330'Lime. bbls
Wheat, ctls 160. 2S3 1 Chicory, bbls .... is
Barley, ctls 3.415 Raisins, bxs .... K|IU
Oats, ctls 640'Leather. rolls ... '::»
Corn, ctls 3ojEggs. dos 9 3ivi
Cheese, ctls .... 3SS Quicksilver, fisks 133
Butter, ctls lS3Hldes, No 30:,
Tallow, ctls 33!Pelts. bdls 4.0C7
Beans, sks 12.493Br. Com, bdls... 53
Potatoes, sks .... 4.981 ! Bran. aks J 41-0
Onions, sks 1.500 Middlings, ska .. S5
Sugar, sks 2,3&3.Hay. tons 307
Sugar, bbls 330 1 Wool, bales rs
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 2,S70 ;
Receipts of Produce.
... Hai T. lson ' s _ c l«=ular says: "During the week
there have been three coal arrivals from Wash
ington. 9aoO tons, one from British Columbia.
.40 tons, one from Oregon. ISO tons, total 10 470
Vnl: J5 h .K, has been the "Shiest weekly coal
delivery this year, and at a time when a full
m V - e JS*" ™ Ca " ed f ? r to meet immedlatt de
mands. This week's arrivals are only equal
tfthFZJZZ* . * CtU^ consu niPtl°n, hence the
light reserve In yard will be largely eaten into
iSf.f.T'*^? delivery was over three time.
f£d Lim 1, \ ne " la , the fU€l llRe ls "Ported
f^t^lfl^ if* a . nd prlces flrm - Quotations
on foreign grades from all sources make im
portations almost prohibitory, with no appar
ent probability of any reduction In the near
or distant future. Great Britain ls as sum! "la
new position in the coal line; she ls now an
importer, not an exporter as she has a'ways
been. America Is fast becoming the coal dic
tator to the world, and win eventually estab
lish the fuel values everywhere. The man
agers of our local steam . factories are feel'nsr
crude oil has made lta entry !ato t fce mark**
Large oil producers are keenly seeking buvers
at prices which signify a marked reduction on
the present ruling figures on coal; furthermore
they o«er to make contracts extending into
the future fully a year ahead."
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. in 100-lb bags-
Crushed, 6.40c; Powdered. *c; Candy Gran
ulated, 6c; Dry Granulated. 5.30c: Confection
ers' A. 5.90c: Magnolia A. 5.50c; Extra C 5 40c-
Golden C. 5.30c; barrels. 10c more: half-bar
rels. 25c more: boxes. 50c more; 50-lb bags 10c
more. No orders taken for less than 75 bar
rels or its equivalent. Domtaos. half-barrel
6.65c; boxes, 6.90c per lb. •»«*«.
COAL— Wellington, $3 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington. $9; Seattle. $7; Bryant. $7; Coos
al ! sw L d '. P: Co-oP^atlve Walls
end J3. Cumberland. $12 in bulk and J13 25 In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, J14- Can
nel, $12 por ton; Coke. $15 per ton In bulk and
« « 8^ s; Rock V Mountain descriptions.
brand 1 " 1 " &ad >S M PeI " tOn * accor( "ng to
BAGS— San Quentln Bags, $5 J3; • Calcutta
Grain Bags. June and July. S^^Hc; Wool
Bags, 28Vi©32%c; Fleece Twine. l%ic; Fruit
Bags. C^iQe'Hc for white and 8H88?4c for
bleached jute.
General Merchandise.
PORK— Uve Hogs. 5Hc for small. *4c for
medium and 6Uc for large; stock Hogs %aa
feeders. 5c; dressed Hog*. 7^@SVsC
LAMB-sgjc per lb.
Beef, Mutton and Lamb are quoted slightly
hlaher all around. There is no change in Hora
BEEF- 6"a7c for Steers and 5@5%c per lb for
Cows.
VEAL— Large. 7©8c; small, 8H"S9c per lb
MUTON— Wethers, 7%8Sc; ewes, 727Uo ner
pound. *^
San Francisco Meat Market.
free, llfljllc: Southern Mountain. 7U33%e-
Humboldt and Mendoclno. 12©13c per lb.
HOPS— U%ei5o per lb.
Fall Clip— San Joaquln. 6',ffSc: do Lambs' S
C9c; Middle County, 9tfl0c; Northern Mountain,
. WOOL— Spring clip is quotable as follows:
Northern, free. 15616c; Northern, defective 129
14c: Middle County, free, llftisc; Middle County
defective, 12©14c; Southern Mountain. 12
months'. 9^10c; Southern Mountain, free. 7
months' ll@12c; Southern Mountain defective
7 months'. *3Uc; Humboldt and Mendoclno. 1.
©17c: Nevada, mjlfie Dtr lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for com
pound and 9c for pure; half-barrels, pure 9Vic
10-lb tins. 9%c: 5-lb tins. 9^c. **"
COTTOLENE— One-half barrel. 8%c; three
half barrels. 8%c: one tierce. 8Hc; two tierces.
8c; five tierces. 7%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. ' Heavy salted
Steers, 10c; medium. 9c; light. 8H@9c; Cow
hides. 8VS@9c; Stags. 6Hc; Salted Kip. 9V* C -
Salted Veal. 9%c; Salted Calf. 10c; Dry Hldea'
16c; culls, lie; Dry Kip. 18c; Dry Calf, lftgnc;
culls and brand, 14c; Sheepskins, shearlings
20-.<730c each; short Wool. 30<S60c each: medium'
eoiiSSc: long Wool, 'acdfjl each; Horse Hides'
fait, J2 50 for large and J2 for medium Jl 50
for small and 60c for colts: Horse Hldea. dry
$1 75 for large, $1 50 for medium, Jl 23 for small
and 23@30c for colts. Deerskins— Summer or red
skins, 35c; fall or medium skins, 30c; winter or
thin skins. 17H@20c. Goatskins— Prime An
goras. 73c: large and smooth, 50c; medium 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 404>4c per lb; No.
2. 3ttc: grease. 2®2%c. - -i
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 10%®lle per lb for
heavy. 12c for light medium. 13c for. light. 14c
for extra light and 13c for sugar iured; East
ern sugar-cured Hams. ll«4@12c; Mess Beef
J12 60 per barrel; extra Mess. $13 50; Family'
J13 50; extra Prime Pork, J16; extra clear. J19 50*
Mess. $16; Smoked Beef, 13c per lb.
Dealers report a fair trade at steady prices
Provisions.
FRUITS— Prunes, Santa Claras, 4 sizes, 3c;
40-30s. 7c; 50-609. 5%c; 60-70s, 3%c; 70-80s. Z%c;
80-90s, 2\c: 90-lOOs, 2^c; 100s and over. 2c: ru
bles. Vic premium: Sonomas, He and San Joa
quins Uc less than Santa Claras, except 100a
and over, which stand the same. Apricots. 6®
8c for Royals and 103HV»c for Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples, 4@44c; sun-dried. 2V4©4c;
Peaches, 44'aT.c for standard, 5@6c for choice
and 7@7HC for fancy; Pears. 2©7c; Plums,
pitted. 6®6Vjc: unpltted. l@lHc; Nectarines. 5®
6V4c for red and 5H®6c for white.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices for the
season of 1900: Bleached Thompson's fancy, 12c
per lb; choice, lie: standard." S*ic; prime. 8c;
unbleached Thompson's, 9c per lb. Sultanas —
Fancy, 10>*c per lb: choice, 9%c: standard. 8?ic;
prime, 8c; unbleached Saltanas, 8c; Seedless,
60-lb boxes, 6^c; 2-crown loose Muscatels, 6c;
2-crown, 6ttc; 4-crown, 7c: London Layers, 2
crown, Jl 50 per box; 3-crown, $1 60; Fancy
Clusters, $2: Dehesa. J3 50: Imperial. $3. All
prices f . o. b. at common shipping points la
California.
NUTS— Chestnuts, 6©ic per lb; Walnuts, No.
1 softshell. lie; No. 2. 8c: No. 1 hardshell. IOc:
No. 2. 7V4c: Almonds, 15@l«c for paper-shell
ll@12*ic for softshell; Peanuts. 5@6c for East
ern- B'razil Nuts, 13c: Filberts. 13c; Pecans, 11
ei3c- Cocoanut s. J3 "•0<??3.
HONEY— Comb, 13%®14Hc for bright and 124
©13c for light amber; water white, extracted.
7%©8c; light amber, extracted, 7@7Ho; dark.
6©6Hc per lb.
BEESWAX— 24©26c per lb.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
GRAPES — 10050c per small box and 65®S5c per
crate. *
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $2£3 50;
Seedlings, Jl 23^2; Lemons, 23c0$l 25 for
common and t\ 5O"92 50 for good to choice;
Grape Fruit. 12^3; Mexican Limes. J4©4 50; Cal
ifornia Limes, 15@35c; Bananas, Jt 75@2 50 per
bunch; Pineapples, $1 50@3 50 per doeen.
PLUMS— 20® 40c per box
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
APPLES—23'gZ-Oc per box for common and
65(g$l for good to choice; Spltzenbergs. 602 Jl;
Oregon Spitzenbergs. Jl 25fgl 50.
PEARS— Winter Nells. 60c«?Jl; Cooking Pears,
25<S:cc per box.
QUINCES— 50373c per box.
PERSIMMONS— 30SSOC per box.
CRANBERRIES— Cape Cod. $10 per barrel:
Coos Bay, $2 25^2 £0 per box.
STRAWBERRIES— J4g6 per chest for large
and ?7@9 for small berries.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 3®4c Der lb.
RASPBERRIES— 73c®$3, according to size of
box.
POMEGRANATES*-75c(gJ3, according to size
of box. i
The Panama steamer brought up 434 cases of
Mexican Limes. There is no noteworthy change
in Oranges. Lemons and Limes.
Tree fruits stand about as before. Grapes
are higher.
Cranberries rule firm at the advanced prices.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
though receipts are not as large.
There Is no change in Cheese.
Butter continues to weaken. It Is pretty
hard to shift the demand back to fresh roll
, after It has once got well fixed on packed goods,
i which receivers are finding out. Stocks are
not excessive, but consumers have got edu
cated up to pickled goods and are running on
them. The outside demand amounts to very
little as yet.
HUTTEK-
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, HHtfSJlio; sec
onds, 21c
Dairy — Fancy. 21c; good to choice, 20c; com
mon, lS@19c.
Creamery tub— 20<522%c per lb.
• Pickled roll— 19g21c.
Flrk!n-lSS19c.
Storage goods — 21S22"
CHEESE— New. HUig>12c: old. 10®llc: Toung
America. 12ig;l2Hc; Eastern, 13H@14o; Western.
Il<ffl3c per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at SO^Kc for stor* and 27H0
33c r>er dozen for ranch; Eastern, 18@26c
Another slight decline in Eggs Is noted.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
prices show no Improvement.
Game is firmer, as usual at th* close of the
week.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 138140 for Gob
blers and 14@13c for Hens; old Turkeys. 110
124c; Dressed Turkeys, 13t£18c; Geese, per pair,
$1 50©l 75; Goslings, $1 7i@2; Ducks, $334 for
old and J3 iO'@4 50 for young: Hens, $3 CO@4 50;
Young Roosters, fi@4 50; Old Roosters. $3 5*34;
Fryers, $3 25^3 50; Broilers, $3 25@3 50 for large
and tZiiZ 23 for small; Pigeons, }I per dozen for
old and $1 50@l 75 for Squabs.
GAME— Quail. $1 23 for Valley and $2 for
Mountain: Mallard. $3@6; Canvasback. J4««;
Sprig, J3®4; Teal. $3 M@3; Widgeon. Jl 73#2;
Small Duck, Jl 50; Gray Geese, J3; White Geese,
tlt/1 DO; Brant, $1 50 for small and $2 for large;
English Snipe. $1 60; Jack Snipe. $1; Hare, $1®
1 25; Rabbits. $1 23® 1 £0 for Cottontail and fl
for brush; Doves. 60o per dozen.
There Is plenty of Poultry to go around, and
Poultry and Game.
Vegetables rule firm. Onions continue to
shade off. There is no change la Potatoes
worthy of note.
POTATOES— River Reds, 70£80c: Burbanks.
25©50c for Rivers and S5cg$l 15 per ctl for
Salinas and 60@9Oc for Oregon; Sweets, J027ic
for Rivers and 85t|9Oc for Merced.
ONIONS— 73c@Jl 15 per ctl; Pickle Onions.
40@50c per sack.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, 4®5o per lb;
String Beans, 2@6c; Llmas, 8g3c per lb; Cab
bage, $1; Tomatoes, 23'375c ; Egg Plant. 23
Q60c per box: Green Okra, 40®60c; Greeji Pep
pers. 25®50c per box for Chill and 40&50c for
Bell: Dried Peppers, 10<f?15c; Carrots. 25S35C
per sack; Summer Squash. $1©1 50 for Ala
meda; Cucumbers, 40®60c for Alameda; Garlic,
4g5c per lb; Marrowiat Squash. $7Q10 per ton.
DRIED PEAS— NUes, $1 60@2: Green. $1 80O
2 20 per ctl; Blackeye, $1 60® 1 75.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
ceipts being 12,475 sacks, making 75.374 sacks
thus far this week. This quantity is enormous.
The advance has been checked, as mentioned
yesterday, and though there is no further de
cline, the market is weak and quiet, with most
of the receipts going into store. '
Arrivals of 13,294 sacks Flaxseed from Wash
ington.
BEANS— Bayos. J2 65©2 85; Small White. $3 90
«4; Large White. J3@3 15; Pink. Jl 80®2; Red,
yi 75@3; Blackeye, $383 15; Lima, $3 20©5 30,
Pea. $3 90@-4 15; Red Kidneys. $3 73®4.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. $2 23® 2 40; Canary
X? ,? er L^ n r , or CjUfomia .and 4c for Eastern;
a s s nw 2 * s3c: Hemp - 484v4c:
The flood of Beans continues, yesterday's re-
Beans and Seeds.
MIDDLINGS— J16 60© 19 60 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley. $15 6O©16 B0
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $25®26; job
bing. J26 50; Cocoanut Cake. J17018: Corn Meal.
J2G<&27; Cracked Corn. J20 iO©27 50; Mixed Feed,
JUI516.
HAY — Volunteer, J3®8: Wheat. $11813 50;
Wheat and Oat. J10G12 60; Oat. $9(811 60:
Clover. J5®7: Alfalfa. JC 50-&S 50; Barley. $7©
9 per ton.
BTRAW— 35®45c per bale.
from 10.000 to 20.000 tons. In addition. Los An
geles has' exhausted Its supply and is now
coming north for stock. It la expected that
this latter demand will consume not less than
20,000 tons. Hence the statistical position of
the market is very bullish, and dealers expect
an advance of several dollars per ton before
the new crop comes In. The market at present
Is quiet, with decreasing receipts.
Feecfstuffs show no change.
BRAN-J1»*|15 per ton.
Government demand, which Is estimated at
Francisco, against 157,600 November 1. 1833;
quite a difference. On November 1. 1837, the
stock was 81.000 tons, and the following spring
the price went up to J27 per ton. San Francisco
will take 1X000 tons per month, or 9«.000 tons
before the 1901 crop comes In. outside of the
WirEAT-Spot. steady: No. 2 red Western
winter, steady. 6s 4d; No. 1 Northern spring
6s 4d; No. 1 California. 6s Id. Futures, quiet •
December, 6s 4d; March. 6s ITid.
CORN— Spot, quiet: American mixed, new
4s 2d. Futures, quiet; December. 4s %d; j a nu
a.ry, 3s 10 "sJ-
LIVERPOOL, Nov. 9.— Wheat, steady No 1
standard California, 6s 34d@6s 4d; wheat "in
Paris, quiet; flour in Paris, barely steady;
French country markets, part cheaper; weather
In England, fine.
COTTON— Uplands. 5 9-32d.
CLOSING.
LONDON. Nov. 9.— Consols. 98 15-16; silver.
2SUd; French rentes. lOOf 524c; cargoes on pas
sage, quiet and steady; cargoes Walla Walla,
29s 6d; English country markets, quiet and
steady.
Foreign Markets.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Nov. 9.— A scarcity of ships
near at hand prevents much activity In the
local wheat market and farmers are not dis
posed to sell very freely at the prices which
are offered. Quotations are generally from
53Vic to 51c for Walla AValla, but as high as
5oc was paid to-day.
Cleared— Steamer Skarpsus, for Hongkong
21.904 barrels flour.
TACOMA, Nov. 9.— WHEAT— Market active
and good business reported, prices 1 cent higher.
Blue stem, 57c: club, 53c.
¦WASHINGTON,
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND. Or., Nov. 9.— Clearings, J61.91G;
balances, f?O,S:O.
Portland's Business.
NEW TORK, Nov. 9.— Tin continues to be
the only active option In the metal market. It
Is weak and somewhat lower to-day, owing to
the rather unfavorable cables from abroad and
liberal selling orders here. The close was
weak at J27 50@2S 75. Plglron warrants quiet
at J9@10. Lake copper quiet at J16 75@17. Lead
and spelter quiet and unchanged at {4 37i£ and
$4 10©4 15 respectively. The brokers' price for
lead was $1 and for copper. $16 75@16 S7'i.
Nrtu York Metal Market.
NEW YOItK, Xov. 9.— On the call the market
advanced 8t?14 points and soon after Increased
the rise to 14015 points on excited general buy
ing. Sentiment on all sides was bullish with
spinners noticed to be frequent buyers of the
winter ir.cntha. Higher prices In the more lm
portai.t nart of the market gave color to re
ports tlict planters were holding back cotton.
The week-end statistics received secondary
consideration. The market closed steady, with
prices 11&14 points net higher.
A r ezv York Cotton Market.
PHILADELPHIA. Nov. S.-'Ihe Earl Fru!t
Company's sales of California fiult at auction
to-day are as follows: Grapes— Red Emperois,
single crates. $1 20tfjl 70, average Jl 63; Clusters,
single crates, J2 90@3 GO, average $2 91; Imperial
Tokays, single crates, Jl 45@1 80. average $1 61.
Persimmons— Single crates, 90c@|l 75, average
$1 14. Pears— P. Harry, boxes, average {2 10.
Dry, favorable weather. One car sold to-day.
BOSTON, Nov. 8.— The Earl Fruit Company
auctioned California fruit to-day and realized
the following prices: Graj»;3— 'x-ted Bmpcroi-s,
single crates, 11 60<g2 10, average $1 SS; Clus
ters, single cratea, $2 6o@3 10. average t3 Cl;
Emperors, single crates, $1 60<gl 90, average
Jl VS; Imperial Tokays, single crates, Jl 50®
2 30. average J2 23. One car sold to-day. Weath
er hot.
CHICAGO, Nov. 8.— The Earl Fruit Company
realized the following prices for California
fruit at auction to-day: Grapes — Red Emper
ors, single crates, II 60®l 80, average il Bs;
Clusters, single crates, $2 10#2 35, average 12 27;
Emperors, single crates, average $1 60. Weather
cold. One car sold to-day. •
age Jl S2; Imperial Tokays, single crates, $1®
1 85, average ?1 68. Pears — P. Barry, boxes.
*1®1 70, average Jl 53: Winter Nells, boxes, $1®
1 55. average $1 49. Persimmons— Single crated,
average |L Three cars eold to-day. Dry.
favorable weather.
and realized the following prices: Grapes — Red
Emperors, single crates, 75c@$l 95, average
$1 5»; Clusters, single crates. $3 4003 65, average
$3 43; Emperors, single cratea. $1 05@l 60, aver-
NEW YORK. Nov. 8.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California fruit at auction to-day
NEW YORK. Xov. 9.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California fruit: Graces— Red Em
perors, single crates, 85c<3$l 60, average $139;
clusters, single crates, $2 10^3 75, average 13 4C;
Emperors, single crates, il 05#l 00, average
$1 24. Persimmons— Boxes, average $1 51. Wet,
unfavorable weather. Four cars 6old to-day.
CHICAGO, Nov. 9.— The Earl Fruit Company
sold California fruit: Grapes— Verdelle, single
crates, ~Zc<3U S3. average Jl 64; Cornlchons,
single crates, 65c@fl 45. average 99c. Pears-
Winter Nells, boxes, Jl 05@l 75, average. Jl 41.
One car soldto-day. Weathercold.
NEW YORK, Nov. 9.— Porter Bros. Company
sold California fruits: Grapes— Cornlchons.
$3 13 double crates and ?1 50@l 160 single crates;
Tokays, $2 B0 double crates and Jl 45 single
erntes.
SHEEP— Receipts, 10.000; steady to strong;
lambs, slow to 10c lower; good to choice wefh
ers, $4@4 30: fair to choice, mixed, 13 75<ff4 10:
Western sheep, $4@4 30; Texas sheep, $2 50®3 S3:
native lambs, }4 S0@5 40; Western lambs, $5®
6 40.
California Fruit Sales.
steady to strong. Common butchers' stock,
weak: good to prime steers, *5 60@6: poor to
medium. $4 f.0®5 40: selected feeders, $3 75@4 35;
mixed stockers. $2 40@3 75: cows. $2 70@4 40:
heifers, $2 S0@4 75; canners, $1 25@2 60;. bulls,
$4@6; Texas fed steers, $4®4 93; grass steers,
$3 3i@4 15: bulls. J2 S0@3 25. ' *
HOGS— Receipts, 22.000; to-morrow, 18.000; left
over, 2000; opened 5c lower, closed strong: good
clearance. Top, $4 95; mixed and butchers',
$4 COftl 95; good to choice, heavy, $4 70@4 95:
rough, heavy, $4 65@4 65; light, $4 6CKS4 90; bulk
of sales. $4 7504 874.
Continued on Page Thirteen.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1900.
EASTERN MARKETS.
LOCAL MARKETS.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Foreign Futures.
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. Nov. -9. -CATTLE— Receipts, 9000;
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Dec. /Feb. Mar
Opening: „... 6 % — « l*i
Closing 6H *— -- ; 6 1%
PARIS.
Wheat— :¦¦¦¦;¦ .-; Nov. Mar.-June.
Opening t 1975 2135'
Closing 19 80 2135
Flour—
Opening 2S 40 27 30
Closing 25 40 27 35
10OAKLAND, Nov. 9.— Billy de Coursey of
Los Angeles, a veteran of a hundred bat
tles, was punched to a standstill to-night
by Tom Herman, a likely young feather
weight, who forced his older antagonist
to quit in eight rounds of as fast fighting
as any patron of the ring could wish to
witness.
The event was the main affair of the Re
liance Club's monthly boxing tournament.
The announcement declared a fifteen
round go for the featherweight champion
ship of the coast. Herman foucht from
the sound of the first gong, and he did
not ease up until the middle of the eighth
round found De Coursey practically out.
In fact he threw up his hands, labored
listlessly about the ring, and as his sec-
onds dragged him Into his corner, the
worn-out boxer sank unconscious into ths
canvas seat. De Coursey played a runa
way game, but Herman followed his man
about the ring. In the seventh round De
Coursey went to the floor repeatedly and
In the eighth was on the mat most of the
time. It wag a clean, hard, punching go
on Herman's part and he fairly won tho
event.
The first match of the evening was be
tween George Watson of the South End
Rowing Club and Dick Martin of San
Francisco. It was a handy ten rounds.
Watson getting the decision. The next
bout was between Charles Johnson and
Jack Dean at 135 pounds. The flght went
to the limit of ten rounds, but the deci
sion in Johnson's favor was far from sat
isfactory to the spectators.
EIGHT RATTLING ROUNDS WERE
QUITE ENOUGH FOR DE COURSEY
Threw Up the Sponge in the Middle of a
Fifteen Round Contest.
OAKLAND, Nov. 9.— R. H. Noyes the
Capital City wheelman who suffered a
fracture of the skull In a collision with a
buggy on the county road last Sunday, I*
recovering at the Receiving Hospital. H«
Is rational at time, and this In taken as
an Indication 'that he is gaining strength.
Noyes Is Recovering.
Licenses to Marry.
OAKLAND, Nov. 9.— Licenses to marry
were issued to-day to George Alfred An
derson. 22, Alameda. and Constance May
Booth. 20, Portland, Oregon; William
James Rull, 22, Grass Valley, and Marce
llne Dupony, 23, San Francisco; Thomas
Johns, 35, Mill Valley, and Florence Neal,
33. Larkspur.
St. Columba'B Fair.
OAKLAND. Nov. 9.-A large crowd was
entertained thia evening at St. Columba's
Church fair In Golden Gate by a special
£fv > 5n* r T*- , The fo ! lowJ "S numbers wen
gl lf n .U Bar >' t0 , n ? solo. Professor Morel;
J^m^/E? 0 , 181 }!" 1 - Mlle - M «"-el J Bopraiio
solo. Miss LlPle Hunt; coon songs. Slpnor
Baldocchl. The entertainment to-morrow
afternoon will be for the benefit of the
children of Rev. Father Wythe's parish
°S? S f *£? K featur S s wl " be a fairy raflio
which will be conducted by Mrs. Espejo.
Domestic Science Monthly.
OAKLAND, Nov. 9.— The Domestic Sci
ence Monthly, published by the Oakland
Club, contains in the November number
some attractive literary contributions and
special articles on the management of the
household. There is a valuable paper on
the practical work of the Oakland Cook
ing School; scientific housekeeping is
written about by Dr. S. I. Shuey. Then
there is a department for children, the
question box, garden notes and a number
of short poems. There are also recipes
for a number of new dishes. Mrs. M L
Wakeman-Curtls is the editorial manager
of the Domestic Science Monthly, with
Mrs. C. D. Olney as business manager
and Mrs. John Bakewell, Miss S. M*
Keene, Mrs. \V. H. Smythe and Mrs. r"
W. Kinney as members of the publishing
committee. The ladles have already com
menced work on the Christmas edition of
their paper, which will contain some at
tractive features.
PERALTA PARK CLUB
•IS RECHRISTENED
OAKLAND. Nov. 9.— The "Oakland
New Century Club" is the new name of
the Peralta Park Club, which was recent
ly organized by Mrs. Robert Watt. The
members held an enthusiastic meotinir
Tuesday afternoon at the headquarters
at Fifth and Peralta streets and decided
to rechristen the organization. It is pro
posed to Incorporate the club at once
The New Century Club has for its 'ob
ject the teaching of ethics and civics
cooking, sewing and* everything beautiful
and useful to those of its members who
desire to learn. There are already eight
department*, of organized work. Thes<?
consist of a boys' and girls' library a
salvage bureau, mothers' club, sewing
school with 100 pupils enrolled, boys' club
cooking and laundress classes and a do
mestic exchange where girls who are
fitted for household work can find homes'
meeting; and Informal reception in Lafay
ette Hail last night. Several of the grand
officers of the order were present. Branch
No. 3 was awarded the pure at the last
grand council for the greatest Increase
In membership in twelve months, an.l
ft was presented by Grand Vicy
President Miss Carr. Miss Lulu D- liells
was an honored guest at the reception.
She has many friends ln Branch 3 and
they took occasion to-nlfrht to bid her
farewell. She leaves next Sunday for Chi
cago, where Fhe goes to pursue her vocal
studies.
Dr. Walter K. Scott, president of the
Board of Education, has returned from a
vacation of three weeks, spent at Indlo.
He is much improved in health and will
resume his professional practice at once.
Mrs. William Logan and pon of Astoria,
Or., will spend the winter months here
with Mrs. Logan's father, Lorentz Fjord
of lSCft Pacific avenue.
Dr. Frank A. St. Sur*» has gone to, Oro
ville to remain two weeke. Dr. St. Sure
is now attached to the medical staff of
the County Infirmary.
Captain H. H. Todd of the Park Hotel
got home from the Interior of Mariposa
County Tuesday Just In time to cast his
vote. He had to travel over ninety miles
of rough country in a buckboard, but he
feels that he was more than recompensed
for hardships endured when he succeeded
In Increasing the majority of McKlnley
BI^x.??, OOPPV , eIt ln California by one ballot.
\\illiam H. Milln delivered «n address
before the Unitarian Club Wednesday
night on the "Passion Play at Oberam
merpu. He had a large audience and
A '^.V.if, made a decided impression,
fr £ w i 1 ? L -,, FrWm »n ha* returned
from Honolulu. He went to the. Sandwich
Islands nearly a month ago for rest and
recuperation.
OAKLAND, Nov. 9.— The marriage of
T>Iiss Mabe! Ellsworth Greene, elder
daughter of Judge W. E. Greene of Oak
land, to J. B. R. Cooper of Monterey and
San Francisco, son of Mrs. J. B. H. Coo
per of San Francisco, wae solemnized yes
terday. The wedding was a quiet one, ow
ing to the groom's family being in ruourii
ing for his father, the late J. B. H. Cooper,
and only the immediate relatives of both
families attended. To enable some of
the relatives to be present, who otherwise
would not have been able to attend, the
ceremony took place at the home of the
grooms mother, at the corner of Octavia
ard Sacramento streets, in San Francisco.
After thr ceremony a wedding breakfast
was served. Mr. and Mrs. Cooper will for
the present make their home in Monterey.
The marriage of Miss Jennie Lemon,
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. William F.
Lemon, and F. J. P«*ck. son of Mr. and
Mrs L E. Peck of San Francisco, took
place last evening at 8:30 o'clock in the
First M E. Church, the Rev. E. R. Dille
performing the wedding ceremony. There
were a large number of quests present.
The bridal party was Jed down the center
aisle Of tht church by the ushers-Messrs
George Wastell. Harry Miller. Edward
Eliasf-on. Walter Maddrill and Albert
Newhy— and the little flower girl. Etha
Mufsc'r. They were followed by the four
bride«maI<>-Ml!«s Ida Bradley, MlM
Tx>uise Herman. Miss Helen Haven and
Ix.ui«* O^ertzen. Th«» maid of honor was
Misf Jnpie Lemon, ulster of the bride. The
best man was P. R. Lund. A reception
was nft*»rwar<1 held at the home of the
bride's parents. 16TS Grove street, where
en elaborate nupper was served to a large
number ot guest*.
PERKELEY. Nov. 9.— Miss Gertrude
Turner and E. C. Arnold were married
Wednesday evening at the West Berkeley
Methodist Episcopal Church. Rev. C. JL
Crook, pastor of the church, officiated.
Mis* Vera Arnold of Sacremanto. siKtor
of the groom, was bridesmaid and «.harlM
Henton of Oakland groomsman.
The bride, is the daughter of J. B. Tur
ner of 72S Allston way. Mr. Arnold Is the
pon of Rev. E. C. Arnold of this city.
The yourg couple will reside !n Oakland.
The Larkernhim Literary Society will
hold the regular mid-term open meeting
in Mary Stuart Hall, California Colleg".
on the evening of November 16. An at
tractive programme' has been arranged
for the occasion.
• • •
ALAMEDA. Nov. 9.— Branch No. 3 of tf.e
Catholic Ladies* Aid Society held an open
SOCIETY NEWS OF THE BAY CITIES
Dead in His Room.
OAKLAND. Nov. 9.— Wilfred R. Repas,
a newspaper solicitor, was found dead in
his room at 443 San Pablo avenue this
morning. He was fully dressed and lying
in the middle of the room. Death was due
to heart trouble. Repas lived alone. He
has a daughter, but her whereabouts la
unknown.
MINE OWNER GILPIN
THIRSTS FOR BLOOD
OF JOKER MALOON
OAKLAND, Nov. 9.— City License
Inspector. Henry Maloon has spent
the entire day in the Piedmont hills
because of the wrath of City Treas
urer Z. T. Gilpin. Gllpin, ordinari
ly a mild mannered, kind hearted
gentleman, is stamping around
town with blood in his eye, all be
cause Maloon put up an innocent
little Joke on him.
Gilpin owns a mine and desiring
to divide his future prosperity with
pome of his friends he decided to
let a few in on the ground floor.
Everything is going well with the
property, and Mr. Gilpin arranged
a meeting of the stockholders, who
had been let in on the ground floor,
to be held at his house last night.
The first ore from the mine had
arrived In Oakland yesterday after
noon -and Mr. - Gilpin sent word
around to the stockholders that
there would be an exhibition of the
ore at his home in the evening.
Every one was requested to be
present.
Among the stockholders who had
been Vet in on the ground floor was
Henry Maloon. When Mr. Gilpin
received word that the ore had ar
rived he requested Mr. Maloon to
go to the express office and bring
the sack to the office. Maloon se
cured the sack, carefully deposited
it in the Police Office and ' then
went down and secured an exact
duplicate of the sack, filled it with
earth and cobblestones and de
livered it to Mr. Gilpin, who de
posited it in the city's vault until
the meeting of the stockholders
last evening/
The feelings of the stockholders
who had been let In on the ground
floor when they gazed upon that
"ore" can better be Imagined than
described, and Henry Maloon has
not dared to come in from the hills
to-day. It is hoped Mr. Maloon
may return without danger of vio
lence to-morrow.
Dr. Kellogg received a warm greeting
from his student friends when he aro^a
to address them. As he had been enlarg
ing his visual horizon he gave the stu
dents some advice regarding the enlarge
ment of their mental horizon. He Im
pressed upon them their Importance in
this world and that they should take the
advantage of their present college life for
improvement and advancement.
"The fact that the Boers couM not ex
tend the right of citizenship to those
within their borders," declared Professor
Dyer. ". shows that they never could be
come one of the great nations. Their acta
•how their Incapacity for self-government.
Only those states are fit for empire that
are liberal." .
President "Wheeler Introduced Professor
Dyer as a true representative of Anglo-
Saxonism. Mr. Dyer's sympathies and
Judgment are against the Boers in the
Transvaal trouble. He spoke of them as
a retrograde people unfit for self-govern
ment.
A large number of the faculty, accept
ing: President Wheeler's Invitation, were
seated on the platform. An Immense
crowd of students and their friends were
present.
BERKELEY, Nov. 9.— Dr. Martin Kel
logg, emeritus professor of Latin and
former president of the University of Cal
ifornia, appeared before the student body
this morning for the first time since hia
return from a trip around the globe. He
gave them some good advice regarding
the enlarging of their mental horizon.
Professor Louis Dyer, A.M.. of Oxford
spoke on Mrchiavelll's maxims. In con
nection with the Boer war.
Louis Dyer Address a Uni
versity Meeting.
Dr. Martin Kellogg and Professor
SPEAKERS OF NOTE
ADDRESS STUDENTS
Ernest H. Wagner, an employe of the
water company at Alvarado, and William
J. Dingee gave some testimony about* the
Alvarado system. The day clo3ed with
another fiat declaration by Mr. Hayn?
that the water company had refused to
obey Judge Hart's order to allow exami
nation of the company's records.
"We tried to see the records of the sur
vey cards in the offices." said Hayne to
McCutchen. "but after your clients had
shown us a few of them they stopped and
refused to let us go ahead. I only men
tion this because of the frequent procla
mations made In this court that one could
see the records that you have left."
There will be a session of court to
morrow, because Mr. Adams, one of the
water company's expert engineers. Is
anxlpus to return to Los Angeles, where
another water suit Is on trial.
"An ordinary corporation might not,
but a corporation that deliberately burns
its books would probably refuse to show
its records," declared Attorney Hayne.
But Judge Hart ruled that the state
ments should go in and City Clerk
Tompkins was directed to get the figures
on the construction account from the
statements In accordance with McCutch
en's demand.
"Do you think a corporation that was
resting its case upon its statement from
the books would refuse to show them?"
was the evasive question of McCutchen.
ridiculous one ever given by a man of af
fairs. I could conceive that old records
mlg^ht be destroyed, but I cannot under
stand nor see any valid reason why rec
ords of date to the very day of destruc
tion should be thrown Into the flames.
"President Watkinson's reason was a
fairy tale, which was received with ridi
cule throughout the State."
McCutchen insisted that if the city ac
cepted Watkinson's statement concerning
the destruction, it must accept his rea
sons. The attorney further replied that
the Information contained In the books
had been reported to the City Council an
nually. He asserted that If the City
Council had desired to see the books It
could have compelled the water company
to produce them.
"Show me any law on that point," In
sisted Judge Hayne.
"You'd better eat it slow." said Johnny
to the clergyman who was dining with
the family. "Mamma never gives more'n
one piece o' pie."— Chicago Tribune.
Ed. Borein will have some
thing to say about The Great
Indian Hunt in next Sunday's
Call— and best of all the story
will be illustrated by himself.
The .cowpuncher artist draws
subjects of this kind better
than any other man in the
United States. His work « is
unique.
tTXIVEBSITT OF CALIFORNIA.
BERKELEY. Nov. 9.— The students will
give a minstrel show in the Berkeley
Opera-house next Tuesday evening. Tha
Berkeley Orchestral Society and Univer
sity Glee Mandolin and Ban jo. Clubs ¦will
assist Among those who will take part
In the minstrels are Ben Southard. Milton
Schwartz. Richard Tully. Arthur Nohl.
Hewlit Davenport. Ralph Phelps. Eddio
Hume. Harry Taylor. Clinton Morse. Ar
thur Lambert, Charles Morel, R. Burns,
Argyle Tullv, George Gray, Ralph Mc-
Cormack and Clarke Brlggs.
• • •
ITofeMor D. T. Fowler, accompanied by
L» Roy Anderson, left this mornln* fur
Geyserville, where they will conduct a
farmers* institute. ¦
UNIVERSITY
NEWS ITEMS
BURIED RECORDS
STAY PROCEEDINGS
Hayne Roasts the Water
Company Because of
Its Books.
OAKLAND, Nov. 9.— "As God is
my judge, I believe those books were
destroyed to prevent their being used
for the very purpose for which they
are now desired. I do not think that
there is a man in the State of Califor
nia who believes that those books
were destroyed for an innocent pur
pose."
Such was the sensational reply which
Robert Y. Hayne made to-day during the
water rate suit trial to the suggestion put
forth by A. A. Moore for the water com
pany that the corporation's records would
not have been burned if the company had
known a euit was to be brought.
That extraordinary act of destruction
was the text for a hot fight between the
opposing attorneys to-day. In fact, it was
the keynote of the day's struggle. Judge
Hayna made a strong effort to prevent
the Introduction in evidence of the numer
ous annual statements which the water
compar.y had from year to year filed with
the City Council. He based his opposition
upon the ground that the water company
had voluntarily put out of existence the
records from which those statements were
made. Under the circumstances of the
destruction of the books Judge Hayne de
clared that the corporation was not now
entitled to use secondary evidence when
by its own acts it had put beyond reach
the primary data.
Against all of this was the excuse^ of
fered by President Watkinson of the con
tra Costa Water Company, first, that the
books had been burned because the corn
i>anv bad no room for them, and second,
that Watkinson thought he would have
no more use for these vast records of a
ereat corporation's business because of
the annual statements filed with the Coun
° Judee Hart upon these arguments ad
mitted the annual statements in evidence,
asserting that thoy were admissible be
muse the Councilmen had them at their
command and had said they examined
lh The fight on the statements was height
ened by th© frequent declarations by
Hayne that the- destruction of the records
was in his opinion, fraudulent in the eyes
of the law and the world, jj
The contest opened as poon as Mc-
Cutchcn had called City Clerk Tompkins
to the witness stand, that official navlng
taken to court the mass of statements.
Mcrutchen said ho desired to introduce
the record of construction account in the
sta'err-ents. Judge Hayne objected at
once "first because the statements fur
nished to preceding City Councils had
nothing to do with this case, and second,
that the books had been voluntarily de-
Etroved He insisted that secondary evi
dence under the circumstances, was not
allowable "Because the law presumes
that when the bpoks are destroyed they
are destroyed for a fraudulent purpose,
declared Judge Hayne. replying to a query
from Attorney McCutchen.
After- citing several decisions. Hayne
continued: "If any other rule than this—
the presumption of fraud in the voluntary
destruction of records-prevailed. It
would open the way for the grossest
Hayrie pounded upon the fact that the
water company in May, 1899, had de
stroyed every book of accounts it pos
sessed. He said that this had been done
in the face of the corporation's knowledge
that rates were to be fixed annually, that
the basis of rate fixing was the valuation
of Its plant, yet it had deliberately effaced
all record concerning the cost of its sys
"The reason given,' that the* books were
destroyed because of lack of room," de
clared Hayne, "is the most absurd and
Funeral of Mrs. H. A. Fish.
OAKLAND. Nov. 9.— The funeral of th*
late Harriet A. Fish was held to-day from
the First Unitarian Church, of which the
deceased was a member. There was a
large attendance of friends and the floral
offerings were beautiful. Rev. B. Fay
Mills conducted the ceremonies.
Accidental Death.
OAKLAND Nov. 9.-The Coroner's jury,
which inquired into the death of Mrs.
Julia Delon. who died last night from in
juries received in a collision with a buggy
while riding her bicycle, brought in a
verdict of accidental death to-night. Rob
ert Fleming, driver of the buggy, was the
principal witness. An autopsy revealed
that the pkull had been fractured.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, Nov. 7.
The Republican Alliance will have the
only ratification that will be held in Ala
meda County. It will be a club affair for
invited gue3ts and members and will take
place on Saturday night at the Alliance
headquarters, corner of Twelfth and
W r ebster streets. Horace G. Platt of San
Francisco will be the guest of the alli
ance and a dinner will be spread. There
will be good speeches, and the members
and the guests will give themselves a
few bits of "glad hand" ' at the success
of the campaign just closed. The alliance
holds one of these little meetings at the
end of each campaign for the promotion
of good fellowship.
The Republican County Central Com
mittee has decided that no official rati
fication of, the electiofi of President Mc-
Kinley witl be held by them. It was at
first thought there would be a general
ratification on Monday evening next, but
it was finally decided this should bo
omitted and that the ratification would
be left to the alliance and that there
would be a small celebration when the
banner is transferred from Alameda
County to San Francisco.
It is announced that Mayor Snow will
appoint James A. Johnson, former City
Attorney, to succeed H. D. Rowe as
Councilman from the Seventh Ward when
Mr. Rowe becomes Supervisor on Janu
ary 1.
The Central Bryan and Stevenson Club
is still loyal to Its leader. On Wednesday
evening a meeting was held at which the
following was adopted:
Resolved. That the Bryan and Stevenson
Central Democratic Club of Oakland, Cal.. de
•ires to renew Its allegiance to you and the
great principle* of Democracy which you aJ
vocnte, and tender to you and your faithful
wife assurance of its EirHv-re belief that the
great cause which you represent can never die
and that the future will verify the righteous
ness of those principles which you have no
fearlessly expounded durinK the recent Presi
dential campaign.
BRYAN AND STEVENSON CENTRAL DEM
OCRATIC CLUB.
SETH MANN, President.
CHARLES V. REUTER. Secretary.
Oak Leaf Chapter Officers.
OAKLAND, Nov. 9.— Oak Leaf Chapter
No. 8, Order of the Eastern Star, held an
election of officers last evening In the Ma
sonic Temple. The following were chosen
to preside over the chapter:
Worthy matron, Mrs. Salo Lowell Beck
wlth; worthy patron, William Thomas
Hamilton: associate matron, Mrs. Annie
Edward Gage; secretary* Mrs. Cynthia C.
N. Walter; treasurer, Mrs. Emily A. Dan
iels; conductress. Mrs. Sarah Merrltt Rob
inson; associate conductress, Mrs. Mattle
"W. Dalton.
and Miss Maude Kelly.
To-day there will bo as usual a busi
ness men's lunch frcm 11:30 to 2 p. m. Tho
meal is a wonder In the culinary art and
is served at the low price of 25 cents. Mrs.
Conner has charge of the refreshments
and is ably assisted by her daughter. Mrs.
H. J. Stafford. The ladies announce that
on Monday, the last day of th» fair, a
very elaborate luncheon will be served,
that will Include both turkey and goose.
In the voting contest for the most pop
ular Jockey, Logue Is now In the lead,
with Bullman second. The Jockev win
ning: the contest will be given a handsome
diamond ring.
The fair will close on Monday nlyht. All
the goods that have not been sold by that
tlnvs will be auctioned off to the highest
bidder. To-night there -will be a grand
concert and entertainment, and, every
thirg points to this being the gala night
of the fair.
instead of that this stock went to the
other side despite the fact that both
Beatie and Vinzent were in the direct
employ of William J. Dirge*.
Th*> fight came suddenly. When the ma
jority of the stockholders saw that the
assessment had been levied and that
there must he o fipht they prepared for
it. The stockholders' meeting that dis
missed one board of directors and elected
a new one was held yesterday morning,
only a few hours before the assessment
was to become delinquent. At this meet
ing about 325.000 shares of stock were rep
resented and tht action taken was out
lined in The Call this morning.
Ai» was quite natural, the old board of
directors resented being summarily dis
missed, and at the appointed time held a
meeting. Ignoring the one at which they
were dismissed, and' proceeded to pell out
the stock of the opposition, even though
it amounted to a clear majority of the
capital of the company.
Neither side is recognizing the meeting
of the other side, and the legality of the
two mertings is the point that will have
to be adjudicated.
Meanwhile not a little interest centers
about the severance of the close confi
dential relations that have always existed
between William J. Dingee and W. R.
Beatie and E. G. Vinzent. As much pub
lic attention has been attracted by this
severance of relations as by the fight to
control the companies. When Dingee se
cured control of the Contra Costa Water
Company he made Beatie, his confidential
man. secretary of the company, and gave
Vinzent an interest in his real estate busl
ne?s. It is paid that Beatie and Vinzent
each got their Interest in the Giant
and California-Standard Oil Companies
through Dingee. Dingee held 100,000
shares of this stock, secured from M. J.
Laymonce, th» organizer of the company.
When the consolidation of the two water
companies took place Dingee. gave Bea
tie one-third of his holdings. Vinzent one
third and kept a third himself.
Two Boards of Directors Hold Meetings,
Legality of Which Is in Doubt
It is probable that when the assessment
¦was levi*<1 the majority of the board of
directors expected that the Reatie-Vln
rer.t stock and some of the other holdings
would vote with it to secure control, but
Laymance and Merrill each represent j
e'.-out IOVjm shares. Berry and his friends:
li':ld a litMe over H«\<>vi more, while Beatie !
«"nd Vinzent hold 67/W shares between !
them. Together Laymance. Merrill. Berry, ;
I'.*-atie and Vir.zent hold 400,000 chares, as;
arair.st lOi.OfiO held by the opposition. But \
th< opposition '"ontrollerj the board of dl- i
r- crors and that gave them the power'
ti levy 'he 5-rent ft»=sesj«ment.
Th' b"ard of directors, composed of P.
E Bowles. J. H. T. Watkinson. William
J. iJins-ee. U. J. Laymance and J. M. Mer
rill, represented a majority of the stock,
1 •;; when Layrr.ance and Merrill threw
their fortunes with the *tock that was
: ot directly represented upon the board
it left Bowie*. Watklnsnn and Dingee
v. 1th !e?5 than I00.O0Q shares out of 5C«i.00Q.
It r.ow becomes a contest as to which
» • >eri3 of directors is the legal one. and
It will be upon that point that the litiga
;!on will come.
OAKLAND. Nov. 9.— No move was made ,
to-dsy by either fide in the great fight |
that is now on between P. E. Bowles and
his associates against M. J. Laymance
uraj Clarence Berry, the Klondike king,
end thfir a«.«ociate» to secure control of!
the Giant and the California-Standard Oil '
companies. An it stands P. E. D"wles j
hold? the stock of Clarence Berry and |
his Fresno jLSSociatep, M. J. Laymance. ;
J. M. Merrill, W. R. Beatie and E. G. ¦
Vinzent, under a claimed sale-*>y the old j
t-oard of directors of the companies. On I
the other hand there is something over j
JC'SOQO In c£?h in bar.k in Oakland in the I
s.ame of \V. R. Beatie, a*= treasurer of
the new board of directors, and for which j
receipts in full have been issued by M. J. !
Layr.;ance &a secretary.
OIL COMPANY FACTIONS PREPARE
FOR THE BATTLE FOR CONTROL
WILL CELEBRATE
BANNER TRANSFER
Only Ratification in Which
Alameda County Will
Indulge.
THE Star of the Sea Bazaar con
tinues to attract crowds to Na
tive Sons' Hall. Last night the
pretty decorated booths were
particularly well patronized and
the ladies in charge were kept busy the
entire evening taking in money that will
go to swell the church fund.
The Golden Gate booth is particularly
popular with the young men, for which
the attractive young ladies who have
charge of the bric-a-brac and fancy goods
offered for sale are responsible. The.
booth is well looked after by Miss Mamie
McCready. She is assisted by Miss Ew
ing and the Misses Eva and Georgina Mc-
Cready.
Richmond booth is attended to by Mrs.
Haskell, Mrs. Floyd, Mrs. Gildea. Mrs.
Clary and Miss Glynn. The fish pond in
connection with this booth has made a
notable hit. ¦
St. Anne's booth is busy from the mo
ment the doors open till closing time. It
is stocked with everything conceivable
children's clothing, handsome hand-paint
ed china, fancy needlework, and last but
not least, a handsome portrait of Father
Coyle, the pastor of the parish, that will
be auctioned off. The booth is well looked
after by Mrs. Shaughnessy. Mrs. Rich
ards, Mrs. Martin, the Misses Marguerite
and Annie Barry and Miss Kerwin.
Oriental booth has some handsome sofa,
pillows, one made by Miss Moraghan at
tracting a great deal of attention. The
booth is presided over by Miss Mamie
Coyle. sist-r of the pastor; Miss Moraghan,
and Miss Marinovich.
Star of the Sea booth 1st meeting with
great success owing to the efforts of the
Misses Kenney, Mrs. Lycett. Miss Clancy
Meese of Fpnkane and Henry turn Suden
of Oakland. Mr. Parker has large fruit
interests at Vacaville. and the couple will
make their home in that city.
HANDSOMELY GOWNED WOMEN THRONG NATTVE SONS' HALL AND WORK FOR THE SUCCESS OF THE
STAR OF THE SEA BAZAAR. WHICH IS BEING HELD NIGHTLY TO RAISE FUNDS FOR THE CHAR
ITY WORK OF THE CHURCIL
THOUGHT HE "WOULD
THRASH HODGKINS
Nome Miner Looks for Fight With
Chief of Police and Gets
Thrashed.
OAKLAND. Nov. 9.— J. L. McLaughlin.
who lately returned from Nome, went on
the warpath last evenlnp and started to
run the town. At Seventeenth street and
Telegraph avenue McLaughlin asserted
himself, by approaching passersby and
demanding that the Chief of Police be
pent for as he had made an oath to whip
every Chief of Police in California, and
he proposed to begin In Oakland. For
tunately Chief of Police Hodgkins came in
sight while the belligerent Nomelte was
declaiming. In three minutes McLaugh
lin, or what was left of him after Hodg
kins had taken the ambition out of the
miner, was l.taded for the prison via the
Receiving 1 Hospital.
At the ni.llce station the subdued Alas
kan proppec.or produced $300 and a largo
amount of valuable jewelry. He forfplted
15 ball this morning in the Police Court.
He did not leave his address.
MISS BERTHA TUM SUDEN, WHO HAS WED A MAN FROM VACA
VILLE AND WILL DESERT HER FRIENDS OF OAKLAND TO LIVE
IN THE NORTHERN TOWN.
(Photo by Belle-Oudry.)
OAKLAND. JCor. ?.— The wedding
Of Miss Bertha turn Suden of
East Oakland and William
Boyd Parker Jr. of Va^avil!e
tonk place this afternoon at
'.he rpfidfrcf <->f the bride'? parents al
*-~ Thirteenth avenue. Eaj>i Oakland.
The ceremony was very quiet, only the
!"latives and a few immediat* friends of
the contracting rartle= being present.
Rev. J. H. Theiss of the Lutheran church
united the «" < "up!e. after which there was
a little wadding bre3kfa«t. and the young
couple left on the evening train for South
ern Ca!iforn!a, where the honeymoon will
be Fp»m.
SOsa Bertha turn Fu<2en is very well
known in Oakland, where her father.
Henry turn Su^en. was one of th# oldest
Ftttlf-rs and merchant*. She is a sister of
Mrs. Hcrxan Bahls of Oakland. Mrs. F
H. Hacke of Alameda. Mrs. Gustave
Is the Daughter
of Well-Known
Pioneer.
William Boyd Parker Jr. Finds a Life Partner in
Miss Bertha turn Suden.
— * — .
Only Immediate
Friends Were
Present.
Young Couple
Will Live in
Vacaville.
*
Bride Is Popular
in the Bay
City. .
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
HIS Broadway, Nov. 9.
The Congregational clergymen and a
number of prominent laymen of that
faith have formed a committee to dis
cover measures for the relief of the Mar
ket-street Congregational Church, which
is In debt to the amount of $8700.
A council of ministers and laymen was
held last evening at the church to hear
the condition of affairs and to lnaugrurato
some steps toward relief. The facts of
the situation are that $5000 Is due by the
church to the Church Building Associa
tion of New York and $3700 to individuals.
There is an Item of $1000. money received
from the Pacific Theological Seminary,
the 6tatus of which is in doubt. The
church incurred a debt of $13,000 when its
new edifice was erected at Market and
Eighteenth streets six years ago.
The pastor's salary started at $1000 a
year; was increased to $2000 annually, but
under the load of debt the pressure be
came too severe.
Appeal was made to the Church Build
ing Society and arrangements were made
for a donation of $5000 and a ten-year loan
of $5000, provided the remaining $3000 was
paid by the church. The conditions were
accepted, but "the church had the debt as
sumed by Individuals. There has been a
considerable default in payments.
Mrs. Huggins loaned $2500, and aa the
debt did not diminish $1000 was procured
from the Pacific Theological Seminary.
The church is now without a permanent
pastor, Rev. W. H, Scudder only occupy
ing the pulpit as supply. ' The churcil
must have an income of $40 a week to ex
ist, and its average weekly receipts have
been only $25. The committee appointed
has chosen R. II. Chamberlain as chair
man. A report will be made as to the best
way to meet the difficulty.
Among those present at the conference
were: Rev. C. R. Brown. Rev. J. K. Mc-
Lean, Rev. W. H. Scudder, Rev. M. Mow
bray, Rev. Dr. Pond of San Francisco,
Rev. George Hatch, R. R. Chamberlain,
Rev. Dr. Mooar, Rev. W. J. Phillips and
Rev. George Adams.
Clergymen and Laymen Unite in an
Effort to Readjust the Serious
Financial Mess in the /
Organization.
Congregationalists Trying
to Save Their Market-
Street Church.
iH BAD TANGLE
OF HEAVY DEBT
WEDDING OF VACAVILLE
0RCHARDIST AND OAKLAND BELLE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1900.
Star of the Sea Bazaar Is Still Meeting With Success
Filling Native Sons- Hall Nightly With Throngs.
PRFTTY niRI <s ARF WORDING
IN AID OF THEIR CHURCH
• •
11THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOYEMBER 10, 1900.
12
SAX FRANCISCO CALL.
rUEINESS OFFICE cf The 5»n Franc!***
Call, comer cf Market ar.d Third streets, open
_B_3 12 o'clock every night ln the year.
BRANCH OFF1C1-S-&T7 Montgomery street.
corner C:«y; open until 9:S9 p. m.
SCO Hayes street; cpen until »:S9 p. m.
t39 McAllister street; open until »:$0 p. m.
OS LnrWln street; open until • W p. m.
1<>41 Mission rtmet; cj^en until 10 p. m.
_-61 M-rfcet *irwt. corner JrixWenta; open
t—'U • p. m.
If6 Eleventh street: cprn until » p. ».
K*6 Valencia Mreet; open until > P- ~».
N.-rthwe*t corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky rireets: c;-en until * r- ~>-
mi:i:ti>g notices.
OBtES-rAt,* LODGE Njv "«. _^- •"* ML
EXCELSIOR Dkstt* L>-»dge No. 2. j^Siiv I
> ,. .. F Recular meeting -<522Rr=: .
THIS t-ATRBDAY} EVENING.
Second D- M.
ANNUAL meeting— The regular annual meeting
o* the stockholders of the Honolulu 1'lanta-
~-~n company will be held at the offlce of
— eom s*ny. No. ST7 Market Mreet. S«n
-^tbcUw. California, on MONPAT. the 19th
-jy ol Novtn-.bor. 1900. at the hour of 11
o'clock a. m. for the purpose of electing a
beard or diiectors to serve for the ensuing
;e»r and the transaction of such other busi-
ness as may come before the meeting- Tran*-
fer bock* will close en Thursday, November
t :&00, at J o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
J»r:NI"AL meetlnc— The reru'-»r annual meeting
o' the eto-kholders of the Honolulu Sutrar
Company will be held at the offlce of the co— i-
rs".y No r:: Market street. San Francisco.
Ccllfornis. en MONDAY, the l»th day ct No-
vember. :?"0. at the hour cf 11 o'clock a. ra.,
lor the purpose of electing a board of dlree-
t^rfe to ffer* e for the ensuinc year, and the
t:ar5aotlon of such other business as ma/
crrr.e before the meeting. Transfer bocki
n-ill close en Thursday. November f. 1500. at
S o'clock ;¦. ra.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
ALIa ran borrow meney on silks, oil r»l n t* n F 9
*n<J bugjries from COLLATERAL BANK. W
Orsrn ave.. near Market st.
ACEXTS WASTED.
EPECIAL scent wanted; excellent opening for j
person fair.illar with insurance. Call at 612 j
Examirer building^
ty>CAL ar^nts wanted In each Paclflc Coast
county: big monev for live men. Address
WESTERN FYRICIDE CO.. 29 Main st.
FECTRE agency Xmas novelty; ramrle 29c.
East Import Agents' Eupply Co.. 1125 Market.
ASI'IIALTIM HOOFIXG.
J. PELTIER, arphalt roofing, eldewalks; cellar
floors lai<*.. repaired: postal. 11SS Mlsf'.on st.
ASTROLOGY.
rr.OF. PEAF.SALL. 1ICTH Market st.; readings,
future even:s; Questions; horoscopes; SI up.
I5n. C. 7Or?EV TAYLOR. Scientific Astrolo-
cer — Free OOfT "The New ¦ Moon." TS5 Market.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW. j
R. W. KING, attorney at law. 917 Market St.. j
room €27 — Estates. «Jamapes. attachments, i
bank—^ricy. collections; all cases: fair fees; I
no acvarc? charpes; money loaned on estates. I
ADVICE Jree; divcrce law a specialty; private; |
no fee wlifcoiit success; collections. G. W. :
HOWE, atty at law. 850 Market, cor. Stockton, j
1 nr>W. JAllKHTT. Hearst bldg.. l~ird and j
Market ft?.; phone Red 6IC !
FHEE advice; divorce laws. Uamapes. estates. I
collections. J. A. Mitchell. 114 Montgomery. !
APVICE free: no charge unless tuccessful. W. I
W. Davliiscn. StT Market tt.. cpp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. S" Mar- I
ket st.: consultation free: no fees ln advance, j
BATH CADIXETS.
P.O EINSON. Niagara. Perfection and others. J
".V. S. BROWN CO.. acency. 4:6 Ellis St.. g.F. '
BlSl.VESS tHAXCES.
A— *l«trt; SALOON: mercantile lunch: 6 fur- I
r.i>hed rooms: located feet from Palace Ho- ;
tei; rent only W0; a money-making place; '
¦ Fickriet-s c-'niit-lf owner to sacrifice. Call tt.
O. WILKK. 9ft£ Kearnj* rt.
A— srroO; CORNER liquor store and saloon, one !
block from Call Lid*.: place clearing {£JJ t
;*r montn: !«fr; a first-class business open- I
:ng. Call U. G. WILKE. 26'-. Kearny st.
A— 5C0; CORNER saloon on Kearny st.. establ. i
mar.y years: must tell to-iay; come ar.d tnake i
ar. offer. R. G. WILKE. 2€H Kearny st.
A— *7i0— COFFEE saloon, oyster ar.d chop house; ;
ok be to Alcazar Theater; rent ITS; a ftr-t ;
class pay' 11 * b___*««: Eiekre?* compels <
owner to eaciifice. See 11 G. WILKE. SCfe ]
Keamy st. j
A— jrec": saloon on Market st. : rent J75, lnclud- j
irs: 11 Turr.ished rooms; dally receipts about ¦
Eft; mercantile lunch; lease; fir«t-ela«s pay- j
lr.K proportion, particulars R. G. WILKK. |
.^'- Kearny «t. I
A-fiiO; SALOON. «^tal). many years, en Fourth '
tt.. rer.t KU; 3 living rooms; place located ]
cIcfc to faitoric-s where 150 men employed;
a *;:ierdid rhscoe and bargain. Particulars J
R. (5. W1LICE. ZC\ t Kearny st. |
>-*:o<"©; LEADING taloon; located between '
wholesale houses, lntsurar.ee and mercantile
officer; place established 40 years; known as
ere of the best whisky bars ln this city. Call !
!£ G. WILKE. r6'-i Kearny Ft.
A— Jijf 1 : SALOON «ndtbcardlng-house xrlth 10
furnished room* on water front; rent *40; 2
years' lease; a good business. See It. G.
V.'ILKE. IS'- ivearny st.
A-tS50; CORNER saloon ln wholesale district:
place eftal>. years; good paying; no r.lght or
S-jr.day vatk. R. G. WILKE. 26-4 Kearny st.
$T-*i — COFFKE and lunch parlor: best business
part city; batgein. R. G. WILKE. 26S Kearny.
AN oyster depot: clear* $?W per month: great
bargain: come quick. Cowing & Co.. 718 Mkt.
A— BlTfl'.ER shop; best corner location in
city. COWING & CO.. 719 Market st.
A— DELICACT and home restaurant; fine busl-
r.ftf. COWING & CO.. 71> Market tt.
A — HAKERY. candy, school books, notions; bar-
gain: cheap rent. COWING. T1S Market et.
A— COAL, wood and grain business; fine loca-
tion; mar- COWING & CO.. 718 Market «.
A-P.OOMINr;-H<->rSE: fine location: bargain
this da;-. See COWING & CO.. 719 Market st.
A— ?HOE store: good location: clears *300 to $600
rro.; bargain. COWING & CO.. 719 Market st.
A— REcTAfRAXT in best part of city; must
be told this day. COWING. 719 Market st.
A — HAKERY; clearing II00 per — jonth> snap.
COWING A: CO.. 718 Market tt.
T~<"*R sale — A firyt-clai=s delicacy nnd> grocery
More: centrally located; Rood business; milk
'rade alone pr.ys rent; Investigate this; no
ncents: other busir.e«» calls me awav. Ad-
dress Box 127. Call office.
A GOOD chance for party iv-uh small capital te
;r.v«*n In pent*' tuiolabias poods and notions,
with Ftcre fixtures; for rale cheap. Inquiry
variety store. 2C12 Shattuck ave.. Berkeley.
CIGAR store for sale in country town cheap;
ahoui S€ miles from P. F. ; good location. Ad-
<ire*s box 71. Call offlce.
TOH sale— A 5Tna!l stock of candy with store
fixtures: a bargain. Call after 6 p. — i. 2i5
Seventh st.
TTAKTED— By a Ia<!y. a partner in a restau-
rant .it Oakland; must be able to take full
charge. Ad.lre*s til Seventh st.. Oakland.
IF you desire to sell your lodginR-hous- quick-
ly call on CLOSE * CO.. 203 Kearny et.,
room 1: business strictly confidential.
GROCERY and r.sr In good location; st^ck in
nUrfct for full purchase price. \v. L. HAK-
JER. SSI Tarrott bulMlng.
I AKERY. with larce brick oven and every*
thing complete: fine country town; cheap;
ran cash. bal. time. Lane & Co.. $65 Market.
?"-.*(• — GRO.. br.. baker*' «nd notions: Oakland: -
living rms.; rt. ila. Kredo & Dutton. 3fi Gea:>7
A- SNAP
Chou house. tSi Eighth st.
PARTNER for first-class coffee parlor- must
have S15(>0 Box ll<s Call office.
RZjBOt^SnSW building and stable; lot 100xi:o:
grocery and bar. stock and fixtures; on end
of car line; clearing jyo a mo. Box 120. Cajl.
OYSTER and chop house In mountain town;
rf'-ing good business; satisfactory reason* for
* filing. Ad. L. BALDWIN. Mokelumne Hill.
WANTED— Single man with S300 as partner in
fctloon located 1 block from Hall of Justice.
A) r>ly C3-4S Jackson st.
FTATE and county rignts lor sale In a new'.y
jatentPd househe'd article: quick seller; big
morey. OT Market st.. room €13.
WORK by the month; painting, whitening an3
tlntins; country preferred. Box 123. Call.
FOR pale— Wood nnd coal yard, with Improve-
ments. Apply 1113 Folsom st.
A RARBER chop. 3 chairs, across the bay, for
Nile. Address box 12. Call offle*.
BALOOX for sale; opposite the ferry. Apply
111 Ea»t st.. north of Market; no agents.
i'.Zo— COFFEE raloon; rent only $7 60; near
Mnrket: a map. Apply K37 Mission et.
rifll and delicacy store for eale. Address 346
Vlrg'r.la ct.. Vallejo.
l4M»-n!:FTAt;itANT In good running order;
*vtt-jX'i» US 6aj-; trial given. ZZ3 Sixth st.
nrsi.NKSS CHANCES CONTINUED. r .
FOR SALlif ~~~ "~
On account of tlckness, one of the oldest and
tt**i -known restaurants and saloon.
$S(W to $W»0 required. Apply 116 Front st
INMI'i: route on this paper for eale. Apply
«".M.I. business office.
CI.ASSIFIKD advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH oftice for Call advertisements and
•ubsciiptlon* haa been established at 10M
Valencia st. _____
LODK1.YG-HOUSES FOR SALE.
sTENBEK«~x~coT.~.?~rrr?rtt?rrr759^Mxrk^BT^ti
Phone BUck 4071
MONEY TO LOAN ON ALL HOUSES.
11 rooms Powell; best transient $1200
1J rooms; Ellis; new and elegant bargain. 1600
It) rooms; near Eddy; best ln city 630
1* moms; fine corner; all full S50
10 rooms; Ellis »t. : good location; cheap. J300
34 rooms; sunny; all housekeeping 1600
6 rooms; new; a bargain 1"5
Many other*. Call for list. STENBERG & CO.
HALF Interest ln best paying hotel ln city;
sure thins : profits Immense. Call for partlcu-
lars. STKNBKRG & CO.. 759 Market St.
AN ELEGANT BARGAIN.
$1000 buys »he entire furniture and good will
of a ve'-y tricot 10 room boarding and room-
Ing hou*e. ©r>l> 4 blocks from City Hall and
In a most desirable locality: fully occupied; a
splendid paying- proposition; must be sold Im-
mediately; invest icate at once; call or write.
A. A. SAWYER,
1?OS Bi oad way. Oakland. Cal.
A. L. WILLEY. room It, tit Market st.
1« rooms. JT50; rent with water. $25. Howard.
near new Poetofflee: all rented.
15 rooms. $1100: rent with water. $65. Geary
et.: oak furniture; hot water ln every room.
29 roemf. $1700; rent $100; one floor. Market
St.. om>o«lte I. O. O. F. building.
Other houses, lots, farms, mines and any-
thing you want for sale or exchange. 916 Mar-
ket St.; open from S to 8: phone Black 6115.
BUYERS of lodging houses will find large list;
fine bargains ln lodging houses. Samples:
1C2 rooms; rent $64; price $1500.
12 rooms; rent *34: price $400.
44 rooms: rent $250; fine corner; clears $300 a
month; price $4000.
We loan money to buyers at Vi per cent.
SCHWEINHARD & CO.. *17 Market st., be-
Jween Fifth and Sixth. Phone Mint 1911.
HOUSE 10 rooms: Halcht St.; low rent.
Hou?e 27 rooms; O'Farrell st.. good paying.
House 11 rnfims; Van Ness ave.
House l« rooms: Fourth ft.
House 24 rooms: Geary St.: rent $100; $1250.
See lnrKe list of houses at offlce.
NATIONAL REAL ESTATE CO.. 3 Kdfly st.
A-X-ROOM roomins: house; central $10<¥>
SO-room house; first-class 1050
ll-room house $175: 6-room flat 32i
20-room house: Eddy; rent $75: only BOO
FISHER & CO.. 1022 Market st.
FOR PALE— Board and rooming house, 11
rooms; modern: newly furnished; must sell on
account of sickness; a bargain. Apply 717
McAllister St.
WILL pay cash for lodging house of 25 to 40
rooms; must be cheap. Box 9, Call offlce.
ROOMING house of 17 rooms on account of
sickness: cheap. 120A Eddy Bt.
CARRIAGES A>"D WAGONS.
WAGON for sale. E14 Mission St.. stable.
ALL kinds of vagons, bueirles. carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
NEW & ;<1-hand wagons, bungles, carts & har-
n*Ff. work & driving horses. 15th & Valencia.
srmYruALisM.
ARRIVED — Mrs. Dr. Farnham. world-renowned
fpirltual medium: advice in all affairs of life,,
lawsuits, divorces, deaths; unites the sepa-
rated; mining a specialty; clrs.Sun..Wed.,Frl.
evs; come and be convinced. (Permanently*
E13 Eddy St.. bet. Hyde and Larktn; no sign.
MRS. CORNELIA, formerly Mrs. Anthony, rt-
turnei to business; spiritualist. 48 Seventh.
EDWARD EARLE. psychic. 12S Powell St..
hours 9 to 5: Sunday at K. ot P. Hall.
MRS. J. J- WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test. bus.
medium, life reader; sitt. $1. 1164 O'Farrell.
MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium, i
healer and card reader. 1C2 Sixth St.. room 1. ,'
FRIENDSHIP Hall. S3i McAllister— Mrs. C. J. !
Jleyer. rittirgs; convincing tests to-night: 10c.
CLAinVOYAMTS.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil & second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles i 1^
gents $1: palm and clalr. Elt $1 50. 126 Turk.
MME. BERNARD reads life fluently; advice j
given ln all affairs of life; satisfaction iruar- j
8Titeed: 2ilc up. 17 Third st.. next Examiner.
MRS. E. SANDERS. 514 Taylor St.. near Geary
— Clairvoyant, palmist and business medium: j
ladles' circle Thurr.. 2 p.m.; Frl.. 8; clr. 25c. .
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant aM ]
palmist, permanently located 1145 Market, opp. J
Cth; private readings dally. 19 a. m. to 5 n. m. j
REMOVED — The Breet Inspirational card read- \
er; price Sc and SCc: hours 10 a. m. till 9 p. j
m. MADAME VAN BERGEN. gS Fulton st. j
MRS. MELVILLE, well-known clairvoyant, wa-
ter reader, moved to 11 Sixth; German spoken. !
JJKS. CAMERON, clairvoyant, card reader.me- i
dium; 2T>c up. F33 Mission «.,nr.4th; ring bell, i
MME. ZEREDA. the gypsy. Is the great palm-
li-t and card reader; 25c 7 Seventh st.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and i
palmistry: truth or no pay; 2jc. 1149 Mission.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader: past, j
present, future. 25c. 14S Sixth St.. room 14. J
MRS. E. M. DUVAL. clairvoyant and business |
medium. 425 Golden Gate ave. j
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader:
| slttlr.es dally. 44Sl£ Jessie Rt.
; MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
! advice: names given: K; up. 5 Fourth st.
! CARPET BEATING A.ND CLEAVING.
• WHEN you become disgusted with poor work !
'¦. eend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
i Ing Works. 3o3-K7 Tehama St.; lei. South 40.
! STANDARD. 213 Guerrero— Curtains and blan-
: kets renovated. 25c per pair; carpents cleaned, I
i Sc yd.: laying a specialty. Phone Mission 106. j
CAHPETS cleaned at 2c per yard, laid at 5c
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
' J. K. MITCHELL. Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co., 240 Fourteenth St.; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
! STEVENS, mcr.. 38-40 Sth St.: iel South 2M.
I ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
| tel. Main 294. GEO. WALCOM, proprietor.
: COXKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. SS3 GolJm
'• Gate ave.: telephone East 1J6.
cmnoroDiSTS.
! BUNIONS. inrrown nails, ccrns. absolute cure.
: rminW*: f nnralfn frw. Dr. Pnnenn. 415 Slitter.
; COLLECTION OFFICES.
I GEORGE W. KELLY'S A gency— No'charge un'
; less successful. Room 310. 917 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
: FOUR-ROOM cottage, stables; Fairmount
: tract; $7. Apply 40S3 Army st.
i COTTAGE of i rooms and bath; 13C5 Ellis st
| Inquire 1221 Lacuna st.
I KOLSOM. 2326— Cottage 7 rooms, bath; larjre
! y^rd: rent $22. -
i DENTISTS. ~~ ~~
I AT the ELECTRO- DENT A L~CLINIcT7oTUar^
ket et.. cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns
$3 10 up; |.!at»s. extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
I flee hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.; Sunday* 9 to 2
j P. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D., Manager.
! EIGHT prlres for best crowns, plates bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my woa-
deiful secret, painless method; 20 years' ex-
perience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants
Pit. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell «t-
A NEW plate, the unbreakable Rose Pearl,
j wcrraated for 20 years; crowns and brlCee-
i work: teeth without a plate; fillings, 50c #
¦ crowns. $3 60; plates, full set. $3 00; all work
painless and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
I lors. 24 Sixth st.
¦ DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates ar«
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting. 50c; gas given.
RET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G. YOUNG
1541 Polk «t
PARIS Dental Parlor. 233~Kearny. cor. Bu-h-
Full set of teeth. $4; crown*. $3: fillings. 25e.
LOWEST prices In S. T.; painless extraction.
60;. New York Dentitts. ?S> Mission, cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM-"Palnlee»": evenings and 8un-
oays. iOci Market st.. corner Sixth.
DRESSMAKERS A.\D SEAMSTRESSES
FA1RFIELDS Millinery Academy; call and ex-
amine work; send for circular. 1236 Market.
ACCORDION pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
lng. pinking. 121 Post. QTerO'Connor& Mo Hat t-
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School;
private class; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
S. F. Dressmaking, Ladies' Tailoring and Mll-
I Unery School; French ?r»tem. 411 Van Ness.
EDUCATIONAL. •
GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott Bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert'F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand; reportoiial phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping; full course. $50; catalogue.
HEALD-S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post St..
S. F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
and night sessions; new SO-page catalogue free.
A — THE LYCEUM, and accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
cojleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
BOOKKEEPING or shorthand— If you want to
learn ln a limited time, take private lessons
from an experienced teacher. M. W. COR-
NELL, room 53. Thurlow block, 12S Kearny st.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.; day
and evening; Individual Instruction. $8 per
month; life scholarship. $50; bookkeeping,
shorthand, telegraphy, etc.; catalogue free.
HE FAILED! had he practiced bookkeeping a
short time with expert Tarr, 220 Parrott bldg
he would not; be wise.
MIES M. G. BARRETT. Shorthand Academy;
lessons by mall; acknowledged by official re-
porters best teacher, best system." 302 Montgy.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO. BUS1-
ness COLLEGE. 1236 Market st.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mlnlng.mech..sur-
vey. assay, cyanide, arch. ; day. eve. ; est. 1S64.
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL, 933 Market.
MUNSON School Shorthand, Typing, Bookkeep-
ing, Spanish. 137 Mont'y. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
UK. and MRS. D. MANSFIELD, music studio;
violin, guitar, mandolin, banjo. 1836 Eddy st.
ILLUSTRATION-PARTIXGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— Night class. 424 Pine st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.. day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
employment offices.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor: estab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post St., near Powell; telephone Bush 135.
FOR reliable help send to Open Door Employ-
ment Office. 1272 Folsom st. : tel. Howard 1447.
JAPANESE and Chinese employment offlce;
best help. 526 O'Farrell St.; tel. Hyde 2191.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Offlce;
best help Turn. ; tel. John 2121. 806%. Stockton.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 518S.
JAPANESE Housecloanlng Co.— Walters. cooks,
dishwashers; est. 1S90. 1026 Oak; tel. Page 547.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. offlce — Best help
turn.; domestic serv. 417 Powell: tel. Bush S76.
ORPHEL'M Employment Offlce— Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter: te!. Black 6072.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Offlce—
BeFt heln. 411S O'Farrell st.: tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
AN experienced dressmaker ln ladles' street
and evening suits and children's clothes will
accept engagements ln families, $1 25 per
day; ref. Apply 1201 Webster, corner Eddy.
FIRST-CLASS German cook Is looking for sit-
uation ln fine private house; wages $30 to $35;
best references from New York. SIS Cali-
fornia St.
PROTESTANT girl wants a situation ln a
private family to do general housework, and
Is a good cook; wages $20. £"•? Howard st.
A GOOD reliable girl wants a position to do
housework: sleep home; wages $20; refer-
ences. Call 1153 Howard st.
WANTED— A position as monthly nurse; terms
-ungrate. R. RUBIE. 158 Fifth st.
RELIABLE woman wishes position; is a gooJ
cook; can do any kind o£ work. 409 Stevenson.
EORROW on diamonds; perfect secrecy; prl-
vate entrance. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant av.
DRESSMAKER — Wanted by an experienced
dressmaker, a few engagements by the day.
923 Pine st
GIRL wishes situation for general housework.
Address 43 Sacramento st.
WOMAN wishes to do general housework; care
for children or sick person; or will cook;
wages $25. 4U Jones st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 209 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night. $1 CO io $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and bajTBaKe to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 22C0 Fillmore st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
MAN of ability and good address desires a
position aa driver ¦ or delivery salesman on
route. Oakland and vicinity, for wholesale
house or manufacturer; ref. given. Address
L. B.. box 15 Dlraond, Alameda County. Cal.
I AM experienced in statistical correspondence
and ceneral oftice work; can keep time, take
charge of ruppllea or store house, do as I am
told or direct others; I want work and will
go anvwhere. Address Work, box 8S. Call.
A MAN. sober, reliable and trustworthy, wants
petition ln wholesale house, corporation or ln
any other establishment; best references. Box
il, Call office.
YOUNG English jrentieman, educated, wishes
position as companion to elderly gentleman
or ln some capacity not requiring clerical
work. Hex 135. Call.
SITUATION* wanted— Ycung man understand-
ing bookkeeping and ea«hterinB thoroughly
desires position with good house. Address
B. H.. box I'M, Call.
ENGINEER ar.d washer, in laundry; untJer-
Etands business thoroughly; ln or out of city;
good references. Address LUCKOR, Winches-
ter .Hotel.
COOK wants work; a good, careful cook; or
would go as second cook;' ni derate wagte.
T. SMITH. 31S Minna s'.
SITUATION by coachman: first-class gardener
and driver; sober, reliable, trustworthy: six
years last place; best references. Box 87. Call.
GENTLEMAN wants any kind of position
where his knowledge of languages would be
appreciated; J10 a week. Box 132. Call.
ELECTRICIAN*, take charge isolated plant;
capable of doing construction work; good -ref-
erence. JOYCE. 2A East St.
FIRST-CLAPS cake baker wants situation in
bakeshop or hotel; strictly sober man. Box
2*45. Call office Oakland.
CHIEF cook wants iK>cltion: hotel or restaur-
ant; fi— it-class city references. Address
; PETERSON. 615 Larkln Bt.
SITUATION as porter. Janitor or useful ln
boarding-house. A. B.. box 130. Call.
RESPECTABLE young man with first-class
references dislres situation as groom with
flnst-class family, or as coachman In suburbs;
several years' experience. Advertiser, 810
Mission st.
WANTED— Position as clerk or traveler with
collections added with wholesale house; bonds
nnd references. Address E. T., $23 Sixteenth
Ft.. East Oakland.
; ENERGETIC young man wants position as
traveling ralesman for wholesale house; no
book agency. Box 121, Call r.fflce.
MAN wishes to learn grocery business; small
wages. Addre-s box 125, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS gardener with all experiences
in every branch of gardening; single; very
handy in first-class private places; best ref-
erences. Box 92. Call offlce.
$500,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches, silver,
realEklns, pianos, guns. UNCLE HARRIS.
15 Grant ave.
TWO steady, sober young men want situations
as firemen in city or country; references fur-
nlshed. Address box 91, Call offlce.
YOUNG German wants position as porter or
anything: best references. Box 100. Call.
A YOUNG earnest Japanese boy wants situa-
tion ln private family to do general help. B.,
C64 Stevenson st.
JAPANESE wants situation to wash dishes,
and help with kitchen work; hotel or board-
ing-house: understands well. 604 Twelfth st..
East Oakland.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore et.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia Et. >'¦ '
EXPERT OPTICIANS-
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
Jutted. N. Manasse. oculist optician. 910 Mkt.
FLATS TO LET.
100 HOUSES and flats for rent; 10 days free.~
1615 DevUadero;f. 6 r>2C 311H Minna; f. C r 16 Sfl
14C8 Pacific; f. 5 r... 20 tt Tllden: f. 5 r...... 15
370 Fell; h. 7 r 23 606 Etev'son; h. 5 r 17 EC
331 Eddy: f. 4 r 20 1020 Oak; c. « r $1S
Flats wanted. SPECK __ CO.. 667 Market st.
AT $6— Nice, clean flat: 3 large rooms; rear.
Inquire 1111A Jones, near California.
A— 8-ROOM flat: corner; runny: 2 bay windows;
all modern lmprovem'ts: 1st floor. 417'i Third.
FINE modern fiat. 7 rooms and bath. 625 Golden
Gste ave.. bet. Van Ness ave. and Franklin.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to lei
from BALDWIN A HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
MONEY advanced on articles of all descrip-
tions, from $1 to $1000. at UNCLE HARRIS*.
15 Grant ave. . . ¦
SANSOME—. 712— Sunny flat. Sit. 804 Sansome—
Nice store. $10. - •
VALENCIA. 446%— Upper flat of three sunny
rooms; rent $8; key at 444 Valencia.
$7-^tROOM flats on Victor St.. off Bryant, bet.
7th aad Sth. Inquire at grocery, NI Bryant.
FPRSITCRE FOR SALE.
* ROOMS rurnlshed ln oak for $48 50, with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Mar-
Ket «t.: telephone South 637.
FURNITURE WANTED.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture; carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market St.; tel. Jessie 76L
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent. 1305 Larkln: tel Polk 691.
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.), buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission; tel. Red S353.
HELP WASTED FEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 183
• • HOTEL DEPARTMENT
6 -waitresses, different country hotels, $20 and
$2o: 2 waitresses, city, $20; waitress, city res-
taurant, $6 week, no Sunday work; 2 lunch
waitresses, same place, 35c one hour; 2 first-
class chambermaids, city hotels, $18; woman
cook, night work. $27
• FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Invalid's nurse. J20. with references, call
early; FYench houseglrl, country, fare paid.
$25; Italian housekeeper, country. $15, fare
paid; housegirl, small American family. Oak-
land, $25; 5 very choice places for houseglrls,
besides 50 more for city and country; nurse-
girls, second girls, etc.. etc.
C. R. HANSEN 104 Geary St.
TWO young nurseglrls ln same hotel to care
one child each. $S and $10, sleep horn*. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary et.
WANTED— 5 active solicitors, big money to
right party; no triflers need apply. Call
Monday 10 a. m., rooms 63 and 64. Columbian
bldg., Market st.
EXPERIENCED operators on ladles' waists:
electric power; steady work: can make $10
per week. MARKS BROS.. 1212 Market at.
PANTS finishers; steady work; good wages.
Royal Pants Co.. J. PINCUS Manager, 223
Kearny st.
YOUNG girl— General housework: small fami-
ly; reasonable wages; good home; references.
24 Baker at.
GERMAN girl or woman for lljfht housework.
Apply 1339 Eddy st.. 9 to U o'clock.
WANTED— Reliable girl to take care of child
Call at 2110 California st^
NICE young girl for old couple; no washing.
837 Bryant St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
GIRLS to pack dried fruit. Terminal Ware-
house. 632 Townsend St., bet. 6th and 7th.
WANTED— Young girl to assist at light house-
work. $S to $10. 425 Kearny »t. .
GERMAN girl or woman to work ln bakery;
steady work. 9S0 Harrison st.
YOUNG lady stenographer; wages $6 per week.
31S Front st., room 9.
WANTED— A waitress. 29*Fourth St.
SALESLADY wanted for stationery store; ref-
erences required. Call 1941 Mission st.
GOOD embrolderess to work at home; bring
sample. 715 Larkln st.
WOMAN to help around. 1315ft Golden Gate
ave., bet. Baker and Lyon 6ts.
GIRL competent to do general housework can
obtain permanent employment at good wages.
Call between 10 and 12 a. m.. 425 Shrader St..
telephone Page 7411.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on ladles' tailor gar-
ments; only best need apply. A. CAILLEAU,
114-116 Kearny st.
ALTERATION hands on suits and Jackets;
highest wages, but only best hands need ap-
ply. A. CAILLEAU. 114-116 Kearny st.
WOMAN free- from home cares can secure per-
manent position by addressing at once box
3D0O, Call office.
GIRL wanted to assist light housework and
take care of baby; good home. 1632 McAllls-
ter st.
A YOUNG girl to assist in llRht housework:
wages $10; forenoon. 1119 Filbert st.
FINISHERS on ladles' cloaks: steady work.
Apply L. HORVITZ. 751 Market st.
L'ORROW money on sealskins, silverware; low
Interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
A YOUNG woman for general housework: easy
place. Apply at 310 Twelfth st., below Folsom.
GIRL for general housework and assist with
cooking; $20. 2S12 Clay et.
GIRL to assist in light housework. Call 4115
Twentieth St., bet. Noe and Castro.
GIRL wanted for light housework ln family of
3; wages $10. Mrs. Flittner. 1435 O'Farrell.
YOUNG women's boarding home; 127 Turk; est.
by Christian ladles; board & lodg.. $3 wk. up.
WOMAN wanted to do washing every Monday.
Call 2217 Sacramento st.
GIRL wanted for cooking and general house-
work. Call mornings 1510 Hyde St.
PANTS finisher wanted. 253H Stevenson st.
WANTED— Shoeflttere and vampers at shoe
factory, 134 Main st.^
GIRL for light housework; kind to children;
wages $7. 1722 Devlsadero St., near Sutter.
TA1LORESS— Girl to work on vests. 517 Jessie
street.
SEWING girls, attention!— Experienced opera-
tors on dress and negligee shirts: steady
work; good pay. Ix>wenberff Co., 27 Jessie st.
GLOVE barders and binders and driving-glove
makers. FARRANT & CO.. 1433 Market et.
GJRLS to learn book folding. 536 Clay street.
WANTED — Women and plrls. to work on fruit.
1731 Folsom St.. bet. 13th and 14th.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 22C0 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109«
Valencia st.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
A— WANTED^- '
Baker's helper, country shop, $30 and found
and fare paid.
Plow hand' $2<
Driver milk wagon $35 and found
Miner run tunnel $2 a foot
4 shovelers, city $176 a day
Strong boy for poultry store
$4 a week and increase
Restaurant cook ". $30
Second cook, hotel $30
Bellboy $12
Elevator boy $12
Lunch waiter ...•. $4 60 week
W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay 8t.
A— CARPENTERS, 10 cabinetmakers. 12 bench
hands, 3 sticker hands. 2 shaper hands, 1
rash & door man. Mechanics' Reg. Bureau,
41U Kearny St., room 9: non-union mechanics,
please register; new Jobs daily; no office fe«i.
....ITALIAN LABOR SUPPLY COMPANY....
24 MONTGOMERY AVE
Furnish mechanics, miners
Railroad men, ranch hands
and woodchoppers at nhort notice
A MAN to buy a route; good paying business.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free e— lploy-
n^ent. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1S2.
WANTED— Good barber for Saturday night
and Sunday morning: no 6c barber or student
need apply; wages $4. 492 Halght et.
WANTED— A barber on Saturday from 4 to
10 o. m. 835 Battery st. '¦.'.:'- .^
BARBER wanted at 105 Second St.
BARBER for Saturday; $3 and S good meal*.
1536 Kentucky st.
BARBER wanted Baturday and Sunday;
steady. 629 Union st.. near Powell
GOOD barber Saturday: wage* $3. 137% Fifth.
GOOD barber, steady Job, at 459 Twelfth st.,
Oakland. .-
BARBER shoo for sale: fine location. 1933
Mission, near Sixteenth st. . ' -¦-'-?>>»¦:
WANTED— Good cook immediately. $30 and
found; aleo cook's helper, $15. 1909 McAllister.
to FIRST-CLASS painters wanted at the Union
Iron Works Monday morning.
BOY wanted. 174 Townsend »t.
BUSH ELM AN wanted. Apply at 8. N. WOOD
& CO.'fl. 71g Market St.
WANTED— A man to deliver bread to custom-
ers; steady Job. 930 Harrison st. '
BOY wanted to drive butcher wagon. Apply
1604 Geary st. - .
ERRAND boy; 14 years old. Apply The Royal,
SO Third st.. before 9 a. m. '
BOY wanted to learn trade: about 18 years old.
Apply 141 and 147. Fremont st.
EXPERIENCED vegetable man. 133 O'Farrell
street.
WANTED— Plain boarding houie cook. 201J
Folsom at.
WANTED-^Boy about 15 years old ln men's
furnishing business. Apply 424 Kearny st.
ALL size* men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. S62 Mission st., bet. 1st and 24 sts.
FEEDER on platen press; steady Job. 109 Cal-
ifornia st., room 21.
TAILOR wanted; come ready for work. 220
McAllister st.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary st.
Coal Miners Coal Miner*.. ....Coal Miners
For Gallup. New. Mexico
Bee superintendent our offlce Sunday, 10 a. m.
FREE FARE. .FREE FARE.. FREE FARh
C. R. HANSEN & CO..... 10* Geary »t.
.....RAILROAD WORK V'"V
Stonemasons, R. R. work, Nevada.. $3 oO a dsiy
Stonecutters. R.' R, work, Nevada.. $3 50 a day
Carpenters, R. R. work. Los Angeles
Tunneimen.' R. R. "work," Los" Angeles Co. .. . .
$2 00 a day
Freeware.".'.'. 1 .'.'."SHIP DAILY --Free Fare
C. R. HANSEN & CO 10* Geary st.
10 SCANDINAVIAN and German farmers for
orchard v.-ork' '.••."i.'JS
6 farmers for fruit ranch W*"*i
6 carpenters, near city J3 a °a>
HOTEL DEPARTMENT •••
German cook $50. baker $35, dishwasher JZ;..
same country hotel, fare advanced; coolt **>.
dlshwaeher $17 60, same country hotel; ba-
llard-room man. $30; first-class bell boy, JUT
pantryman, hotel, $25 • ;•
C. R. HANSEN & CO 10* Geary *t.
AN outside salesman who Is thoroughly ac-
quainted with bakery, restaurant and hotel
trade, for wholesale house; $100 •• ••
C. R. HANSEN & CO 10* Geary it.
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main 6843
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY ......
Stonemason Carriage painter
Wagonmakers and wood workers, country
shop
Farmers and dairymen and wives •
$40 and found
88 farm hands and plow teamsters
$28 and $30 and found
Stablemen, buggy washers and hostlers
; $30 and found and $50
150 woodchoppers and tlemakers, $3, $2. $1 M
and $1 cord; tlemakers. 10c. 12c and 13c each.
tools, provisions and cabins furnished
Choremen and boys •'
MURRAY & READY 634-638 Clay St.
A— HOTEL AND OTHER DEPARTMENTS....
Head waiter for a club $40 and found
Bakers, bread foreman, cake foreman and
second and third hands. $12 to $20 week; 15
cooks, city and country, $30 to $50 and found;
butchera; waiters, city and country: porter,
country hotel; man for delicatessen store, and
Others
MURRAY & READY 634-636 Clay St.
WANTED— 5 active solicitors; big money to
right party; no trlflers need apply. Call
Monday, Nov. 12, 10 a. m.. rooms 63-64, Co-
lumbian building. Market at.
EXPERIENCED solicitor on salary and com-
mission. Apply GAS CON. ASSN.. 1004 Broad-
way, room 20, between 10 and 12.
DENTIST wanted: only graduate and Christian;
life position. Write H. J. PLOMTEAUX,
D.D.S.. Oakland. Cal.
WANTED— Man who understands milking and
work on rannh. Apply Girls' Directory. Cen-
tral ave. and Wtiller Et.
BRIGHT hustling boy, who can ke^p clean:
age 12 or 14 years. Room SO, 36 Geary St.,
Saturday at 10 a. m.
WANTED— A young boy to help on cakes ln
bakery. Apply 516 Hayes st.
FOR sale — One-chair barber shop and two
living rooms cheap. 853 Bryant st.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches. Beal-
sklns. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
WANTED — 100 men to take rooms. 10c, 15c and
20c. Boston House, 930 Howard st.
COOK wanted; small boardlngr-house; elderly
man preferred. 322 Main Bt. ¦
WANTED- Good milk bread baker. Box 126.
Call. ' -
GET your shoes half soled while waiting. 2Sc
to 50c, 662 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
BARBER shop for sale ln Western Addition.
Inquire of DECKELMAN BROS.. 106 Ellla.
LADIES' tailor wanted; first-class. 143 Stock-
ton St., room 4.
2 PHOTOGRAPHERS, vlewest and printer. In-
qulre 220 Third st.. upstairs.
JEWELER for Job work; state wages. Box
117. Call offlce.
WANTED— Night cook. $10 week. FISHER'S
Uakeiy, S66 Washington St., Oakland. .
WANTED— A Goodyear stitcher. 134 Main st.
WANTED — A place to stop for the wlntei> — Thla
can be found at the Adams House, 619 Sacra-
mento Bt. near Montgomery: one of the few
respectable houses where countrymen coming
to the city can find nice, clean, cheap, well-
ventilated rooms. A. McCREERY. Prop.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know-
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third sX ; laO large
rooms; 23c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only eight
weeks required; position guaranteed; special
Inducements; catalogue and map of city free.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 633 Ciay st.
PENSIONS— J. H. Shepard & Co.. old, reliable
firm. S06 Market, rm. 40, Phelnn bldg. ; pension
vouchers executed. 25c; advice free.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order, $1 per week, at
cash prices. N. Y. Tailoring Co., 115 Kearny.
BAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
MEN and women to learn barber trade. S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE. 741A Il6ward st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Msr-
ket; 700 rooms, 20c night: reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1034
Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements »nd subscriptions
received at Cull branch office. 2100 Flllmore st.
HEMORRHOIDS.
PILES — 300 cures business men ln San Fran-
cisco; can be seen; no operation; no pain; par-
tlculars sent. Ad. Physician, box 1950. Call.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc — For Sale
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies,
carts harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN A DOYLE, Auctioneers.
SOUND, stylish horse; also milk wagon; horse
suitable for delivery wagon or buggy; guar-
anteed; price of hbrse $50. 829 Guerrero st.
FEED Manhattan food: keeps horses, cow».
poultry and dogs healthy. 1253 Folsom st., S.F.'
HOUSES TO LET.
A^^R^Uv'TElTLI^T'^ImiyTs'^orietT^end f oVcli>
cular. O. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
MODERN house: Presidio Heights; 11 rooms
and bath ; 3415 Jackson st. : rent reasonable.
Apply MADISON & BURKE.
NICE furnished house; 7 rooms and bath; rent
$40. 365 San Carlos avenue, near Tweniy-
flrst st.
UNION, 2184, near Flllmore— Six rooms and
bath: rent $20.
"WILLOW ave., 720, between Buchanan and
Webster— House 4 rooms; yard; water free; $8.
HOUSE— 6 large nice rooms; modern Improve-
ments. Apply 1222 Stelner St., cor. Eddy.
CHEAPEST and best ln America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address ln the
United States or Canada one year for $L
postngn paid.
HOUSES TO LET— 'FURNISHED.
D^ROOM cottage furnished. Western Add., $30
per mo. KREDO & DUTTON. 36 Geary st.
HYPNOTISM.
PROF. DILLON teache* hypnotism scientific-
ally ln prl\'ate or class; absolutely and per-
manently cures all nervous diseases and bad
habits. 324 O'Farrell st.
COMPLETE course Instructions and diploma.
h lessons, $5: cigarette and other bad habits
cured. PROFESSOR E. W. RAYMOND. 997
Market at.: hours 2 to 5 dally.
INVALID CHAIRS AND TRICYCLES.
BOLD and rented: manfr. of the Eames tricycle
chair. EAMES Tricycle Co.. 2100 Market st.
LOFT WANTED.
LARGE, light, strong loft, near Market st.:
long lease: for manufacturing. Address box
134, Call offlce. ¦
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— St. Bernard dog; large dark orange
with black shadings on face; white ring
around • neck with white strip from, tip of
nose connecting with white around neck; re-
ward. 3401 Washington st.
LOST— A young coach dog, female, black and
white spotted; suitable reward for returning
same to owner. N. J. NELSON, 122S Folsom.
LOST— Gordon setter, white on ears and tall;
P. McKlnnon on collar. Reward at MRS. S.
INGERMAN'S. cor. Union and Buchanan st*.
LOST — November 6, sleeve button with Ma-
sonic emblem. Reward at 719 Market st.
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, ln . the
name of JANE EVANS, No. 213-742. The
finder will please return to bank.
LOST — Tuesday, ln Tenneese Valley. Maria
County, black and white setter bitch, Flora-
Return to FRANK VERNON. 1923 Green st.
San Francisco, and receive reward.
LOST— Morocco covered book; name on It T. A.
MOITOUT, White's laundry, 23 Powell st.
Return and get reward. J ,
IICO.OOO TO loan on watches, diamonds, silver,
sealskins, pianos, guns. UNCLE HARRIS.
16 Grant ave.
ril^-ii-liiMiiai-ri-iiiMT- ¦hiiiiiiV ¦ " ' - ' -_ . .
MEDICAL.
DR. AND MRS. DA VIES. 1228 »»'*«-*£""•*;
specialists; 82 years' practice; have treated
thousands of cases successfully; positive cure
•5£r£at2ed at otflce: ladles treated can returu
home same day: HINDO HERB home cure,
any one can use It with satisfaction; perfect-
ly harmless. Send stamps for circular.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. moved to ,1018 1 Mar-
ket, opp. 6th; world-renowned ladlea < *t*cM-
1st- safe reliable: practiced In San Francisco
for years; treated' thousands of cases success-
fully: treatment can be used at bom*. ««»">"
tatlon free. After all others fall call on him.
DRS. GOODWIN. 1007H Market, expert on dU-
eases of women: 15 years' Pf«« ce '"°; & • a
cure guaranteed; $S at offlce; have curea thou-
¦ands of case*; unexcelled success; »;e frea.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist: Z5yr».'
practice; guaranteed treatment at :«>"«. *>.
any ailment; home for patients; consult free.
942 Post st.. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
KG TOY KEE. Chinese doctor; cures eonaump-
tlon. cancer, catarrh, etc.; «» . dls *"« s
ted: send for testimonials; ¦ drt f 1 e ' I K *;_ r |. l y ni
tarlum. 704 Sacramento »t.. corner Kearny.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1035 Market-Lades' spe-
cialist: safe and sure cure. $o; best care, low
fees: when all othei- fall consult free.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 997 MARKET, ST.. corner
Sixth-Safe" and reliable ladles' physician.
treatment. $5; positive cure guaranteea.
DR. POPPER, practical female specialist for
37 years; can be sent. 323 Kearny at.
MRS. DR. OWYER, ladies' fcpeclallst; home
for patients. MO Eddv st.
BII SCELLAXEOVS— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH & WOLPMAX. 195-197 Fremont «t.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second hand; we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on band;
32 complete outfits on our floor, ready made;
we can ship everything ln 24 hours. J.
NOONAN, 1017. 1019. 1021, 1023 Mission ft..
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
NEW BROOMS — The Golden West Broom Fac-
tory at 628 and 630 Clay St.. near Kearny. has
Just started; storekeepers can be supplied with
all kinds of brooms at the cheapest rates;
orders by mall attended to. _______
BUY a brand new typewriter for $5 down and $5
per month: write for catalogue and price.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 409 California
«t.; rentals, new machines. $3 per month.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
ginea, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITKLAW. 216 Spear St.
PERFECTLY new. latest style sealskin Jacket,
cost $240. for $115. at UNCLE HARRIS. 1*
Grant ave. __^ .
6-HORSE Golden Gate gas or gasoline engine.
$150; can be seen running at 623 Golden
Uate ave. -
BILLIARD table, balls, cues and rack, com-
plete: dirt cheap. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON.
16 O'Farrell et.
FINE suit. $10; dress pants. $2 73. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 73. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St.. near Pine.
A— 100 HORSEPOWER engine, boiler, two-drill
air compressors. JARDINE'S. 220 Fremont St.
L. SPARBER & SON removed 634 Mission St.;
pay -highest price for tools and machinery-
NICE baby carriage; almost new; very reason-
able. Call 2S3 Minna st.. below Fourth,
GASOLINE engine; second-hand; fill sizes;
cheap; guaranteed. NEWELL. 56 Bluxome st.
$35— SHOE shop; $35— Mahogany National cash
register. 41S Larkln St.
|7 60— Cost $30: large-size coat and vest, almost
new. Call dentist. 43 Sixth «t.
10-TON Fairbanks scale and flre and burglar
proof safe. 216 California st.
PHOTO and magic lantern goods bought, sold,
exchanged. 103 Montgomery Bt.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. ICROOH Mfg. Co.
200- LIGHT dynamo, engine and boiler, com-
plete: cheap. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
"WILL rent full dress Tuxedo or Prince Albert
eulta for ti SO. Portland Loan Offloe. 25 Stktn.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento at.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and wood
planers, lathes; 2d hand. J. Burke. 139 Beale.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d hand: moving
pictures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post at.
SAFES— New and second hand: all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market St.. Pan Fran.
MISCELLANEOUS _ WANTS.
LADIES' and gents'cast-off clothing bought &
sold. Sllverman. 984 Folsom; tel. Folsom 1191.
KLEIN still pays best price for clothing, bric-
a-brac and books. 109 Sixth st. ; tel. Jessie 141.
A— CLOTHING, sealskins. Jewelry, etc.. bought;
will call. L. Bros.. 25 Stktn; phone Black 1201.
WANTED — Upright piano for cash. H. L.
WHITEHEAD. 1710 Market st.
MOSE Y TO LO AX.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back ln Installments or as a whole; If yoa
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay It and carry the loan as long as you de-
slre< avoid red tape and publicity; see us
first; you will be waited upon quietly and
quickly. Call 63-63 Donohoe bldg., 1170 Market.
AA— BEST rates and easiest terms.
Second Mortgages
Interests In Kstates
Undivided Interests ln Real Eetatp
Financial problems of all sorts and sizes
solved by HERMAN MURPHY. 638 Market.
A — MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc. : do
not borrow of your friends or you will lose
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 90S Market st.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; 1st. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate ln pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. J.
ANY proposition, any amount; ( per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates ln probate. Interest
ln estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages, life Insurance. Room 16. first floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN A OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. Hi Market
St.: tel. Main 1844. Branch 19 Third st.
A— $100,000 ON city and country real estate and
estates; chattel mortgages; notes and col-
laterals. J. BROWNSTONE. 11 Montgomery.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. 301 Jonea it., corner Eddy.
WHY pay rent? We loan money to build with:
unall monthly payments. HOME BUILDING
COMPANY, 222 Sanscme St.. room 2.
LOANS. 1st or !d mtgs: city, country: «%:undi-
vlded lnts: estates. HARPER.337 Parrott bdg.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co.. 366 Parrott build-
Ing: men can secure loans on personal note.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. rm. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
TO salaried people without security; all busi-
ness confidential. Tousley Co.. 821 Parrott big.
MONEY to loan on furniture by private party;
low rate. 917 Market St.. room 1.
ON furniture and pianos: no removal; confi-
dential; on diamonds, etc 33 Taylor st.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 603 Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral cr ln-
dorser. 3. F. Discount Agency. 1«3 Phelan big.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ALL purchasers of pianos at Byron Mauzy's
have the privilege of exchanging for one of
the celebrated Sohmer Pianos, or one of our
Byron Mauzy Pianos, any time within four
years, full purchase price being allowed. Our
rent plan has been the best offered to the
publlo for the past three years. A large size,
beautifully finished, rull-toned piano, with
stool and corer. warranted for five years, for
$350. $6 cash and $S per month. This ts not a
cheap piano, full value being given for every
dollar spent. BYRON MAUZY. Sole Agent
Sohmer & Co., Byron Mauzy. Gabler. Spell-
min and Hamilton Pianos. 3C8. 310. 312 Post.
ALL purchasers of pianos at SHERMAN.
, CLAY tt CO.'S have the privilege of ex-
changing for a STEINWAY any time within
three years and full ' purchase price allowed:
the best makers of every trade to select from;
beautiful new uprights $6 cash. $S per month;
some good pianos for $3. $4 and $3 per month.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. STEINWAY
DEALERS, corner Kearny and Sutter sts..
San Francisco; corner Broadway and Thir-
teenth sts.. Oakland.
THE Decker A Son pianos excel all others.
The Decker & Son pianos please good players.
The Decker & Son pianos last a lifetime.
The Decker & Son pianos are the ones to buy
THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Mar-
ket «t.. agents.
We are the only house In the city that sells
all kinds of musical instruments on easy pay-
luents : call and see us and learn how easy
It Is to buy. MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Mar-
ket st-
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest hou«e
west of Chicago Is KOHLER ft CHASE'S. 26.
23 and 30 O'Farrell at.; pianos, organs ana
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
FORCED to sell fine upright piano cheap to
recover storage. Warehouse agent, room 21.
¦_ Flood building.
* MUSICAL PfSTRlTMEXTS.
SPECIAL snaps ln a few slightly used pianos.
See ua. BENJ. CURTAZ & BON, 18 CFar-
reii st.; Chlckerlng agency and everything
pertaining to music; symphonlon music boxss.
4 . FIN ? u P r| Kbts. little used: ShonlngerT Behr-
tng. Stelnway. Sohmer. Keeffo's. 933 Market.
LARG E upright grand piano; must be sacrificed
In 6 days; leaving city. 332 Turk it.
J1 2t^? NE large u P«"i8ht piano. 3643 Eighteenth
B S^LK" n o^°£jJ ln cW y. -«w piano*; $3 per
month. SCOTT CURTAZ. 680 Hayos stT
H p?» I i" G^ AD . E - plano - nwly new. $163. HEINE
nano Co.. 217 Geary st.
S mfLl I KR Vlol d ns ' « l "»-* °11 »nd new. H.
muller. maker, repairer. 3 Latham place.
E othe J r A^rI.» S K hmer °Prt~-»t. good as new. and
__ other great bargains. BRUEXX. 203 Post st.
F lo ; JL S "i?r 1 * 1 ,. uprtBht P'ano; sacrificed oa ac-
count or stcknesa. 907 McAllister at.
-^-255£^»3^BRis TO LET.
E S& 'SSefKi^^faT^r^
_..-^ ° IL LAX .°f_ FOR saleT ====!1
PROVEN oil lands In the Kern River fleM t*
eal«; no stock Proposition- no wildest ,tl. i0T
this la «ure territory In the larirM? »„,? £*' :
known field In Calif ornla. It "you^S_Ji?to fo™
a company buy good land on rte 1?b. «/??
nllread. NEWTON. CARMAN & SOMeVr'
C. MASON, agent, U Montgomery ,t ' S '
' OIL.
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ, S30 Pine itre^t
MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGP 1
Country correspr.ndonce solicited
_ _ _. PALJM ISTRY. "
H. JEROME FOSEELLI, sclenTInTpirmlsrili
Taylor »t.. bet. G«ary and Post; tel Black 5«t
MME. .VEERGAAKD. 700 p OBt ; teL Hyde i3_T
houi- 1 to 5 «>»., and P.m^av hr anTwtrumViTt'
PARTNERS WA.YTEdT~"
FRUIT and oyster house; fine location; would
like to have partner. For further partlcu-
lars apply at 110O Golden Gate arenue.
PENSIONS.
ADVICE free; no charge unless succ-ssful
GEO. P. CAMPBELL. Lawyer. Examiner big!
~~ PERSONALS.
MY wife. HKCRTSrrX^iHrWARzT^IvlnT
left my board and bed. I will not be re-
sponsible for any debts contracted, by her on
and after November 3. 19CO. HXTBERT
SCHWARZ.
LEDERER Is the hair dresser who fives you
the latest hair styles for the least money. ISc.
switches. $1 up. 123 Stockton st.
AN experienced detective solicits work; mining
cases a specialty; best of references given.
Address Detective. 8. F. P. O.
CONSTIPATION cured by using th» Dilator or
Blood Circulator: self-treatment; no drugs or
medicine; price $3. 9S2 Geary; consult free.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS-Tel. South T3J;
made to order; renovated: honest work guar-
anteed; feathers and hair cleansed; uphoN
¦tered furniture cleaning a specialty: fine up-
holstery. HOFKE BROS?.. 313 ar.d SO llth st.
ELECTRIC lights la every rocia— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Market: 700 rooms:
25c to $1 50 per night; Jl CO to S3 per week;
free "bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SUITS to order oa installments; $15 upward; $1
a week. LEON LEMOS. 1117 Market *t. be-
tween Seventh and Eighth.
LEDEKER'S Quintonlca Hair Tonic stops th»
hair from falling out. price 33c bottle.
EORROW en piancs. furniture, diamonds,
paintings: secrecy. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant av.
ASK for un*qualed D. F. Black Suede Gloves;
$1 23 a pair; guaranteed. 121 Grant ave.
SCIENTIFIC majrsage treatment by trained
male nurse from the East. 334 O'Farrell st.
LEDERER' S Foamo Shampoo cleanses the
; ecalp thoroughly. 5c pkg. Get sample pkg.
1 DR. LAMOTTirs French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; S5c. all druggists.
BUY your cCal of LANGE A GOFT*. successor? •
to W. IL Wiseman. 1711 Sacto. ; tel. Sutter 277*.
' ELECTROLYSIS destroys superfluous hair,
mole*: trial free. MISS EATON'. Ill* Sutt-r.
SUITS to order on easy paym-nts. Art Tailor-
Ing Co., 1614 Mkt.. under St. Nicholas Hotel.
• OLD gold, sliver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market st.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna: restores gray
hair to Its natural color: $1; at all drugylat*.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. j7~IIERBERT KEEVE. M'j Kearny lit.—
New hygienic sanitarium: ruppesed tneurabla
chronic diseases are cured by electro hygter.a.
DR. C. C. O'DOXXELL— Of flew and residence.
¦ lC?m Market st.. between S'Tth and Seventh.
real estate — city— for sale.
aTmTspeck^co!
....FOR ,
4.. ..GOOD INVESTMENTS....*
4.. ..4.. ..4.. ..4.. ...... .4
$3M0— Four flats downtown; all rested for $4l;
great bargain.
$7C0O— Tremendous bargain; Cat»; large, lot
downtown; rents $90.
$7500 — 4 brand new Cats. Terr latest; «_at of
Van Ness; leased for $73 a month.
4 GOOD 4....
$12.750— Grand Investment east of Van Ness;
rents $130; new Improvements.
$10. WV>— Income $110 clear monthly ©Ter taxes:
lnsnrance, etc.; finest Investment ever cSTered;
beat It If yoa can.
....4. ...GOOD.. ..4....
$21.000— Offer wanted; business prcperty: 4
stores and S Cats: all rented for $M3; few blocks
from Sixth and Market sts.
....4.. ..GOOD.. .......
$33.000— Choicest Investment e— er offered In ~a-
ofnc* In this amount: 100-foot front: e'eraat
brick and frame Improvements; all rented at
1o,ct rent for {3C:O.
ISO.OOO— Grand Investment: cor. east ef Jones:
positive- Income $500 per month over t&xe*. in-
surance, etc.; guarantee for 5 years.
4.. ..GOOD 4
Apply A. M. SPECK A CO.. gS? Market st.
FOR SALE by
THOMAS MAGEE A SONS.
i MONTGOMERY ST.
A splendid Investment In the Wester a Addi-
tion on Sutter street, which also Includes a
comer. The lot Is 137 :« feet front br S7:« feet
deep and has six well built two-stci— f aou»es
en It. which bring la $C17 » * month. Cl^«»
to town an* will always rent. Pile—. CJ.J.V.
IF you har» well-located prcperty ta th» M!s-
• lon. either vacant lots or nie» resideac*. aaJ
you really want to sell, then call on the aader-
signed. W. J. GUXN. 5S> California tt.
HAVE you property In the Potrero or Eie»!slor
Homestead Tract that you want ta sell? Thaa
call on W. J. GUNN. iii California st.
$5600 EACH— I elegant new dwelling houses ccn-
t2.Sr.ln~ 9 roo— 1a and bath, on the east stda
of Masonic ave., 1 block south of Frederick.
MODERN houses built: lowest prices: plans ard
estimates furnished. Campbell. 1147 Mission.
REAL ESTATE COUNTRY For Sale
ALL the counUes : free lists of farms and prop-
erty In bay cities for sale or exchange. M.
GRIFFIN. 71» Market St.. r. L nr. Call bid*.
TENANT wanted for fruit ranch In Santa
Cruz County. Address Box 15. Call efgee.
WRITE J. W. HORN. S12 Mala st. Petaiuma,
for free copy Somma Co. bargains: new edition.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
NEW cottage, t rrn»-. bath; lot aOxlOO: Mission;
rental terms: and vacant lots. 413 Kearny «;.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKEXCY REAL ESTATE.
TWO-STORY house of 5 rooms, bath, pantry,
closets, hot and cold water, chicken houses,
wash house; nice lawn; lot 50x100; tight fence
all around place, beautiful marine view; $
blocks from stores, schools, church and elec-
tric cars: price $1230; J15O down, balance J14
per month. Take Berkeley train, get off at
Lorin. inquire for RUDOLPH. PERKINS A
LYON. Offlce open Sundays.
HOUSE of 5 rooms, bath, pantry, folding doors!
pretty mantel, bay window and modern In all
respects; street macadamized; cement side-
walks; a beautiful place for a home: 3 blocks
from Lorin station; price $1300; $200 down
balance $17 per month. RUDOLPH. PER-
KINS & LYON. Lortn Station. Berkeley
Offlce open Sundays.
ALTA PUNTA TRACT-San Pablo ar* i
miles north of Berkeley: 1150 to $250 per acre-
lots $C0 to $150 each: $5 a moathi calwSe'
maps. G. W. HAIQHT. 401 CmllfornU it. S.r.TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
TO SAIL.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Water3 at Fort Point. ntrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at the
city front (Mission-street wharf) about twenty
five minutes later than at Fort Point; the
height of tide is the same at both places.
Sun, Mcon and Tide.
SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 10.
Sun rises 6:44
Sun sets 5:03
Moon rises 8:39 p. m.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
W W McCandllsh B I H Chapman. Callahan
M Coleman, St Paul H Andon. Los Angeles
JE Sink. Stockton M G Mury. Lo« Ang
W F Main, Kernville J Curtis, Los Angeles
Mrs MRoss. Kernville John Jones, Los Ang
W P Van Horn, MinniC P Shockley, Vallejo
E E Backus. Cal J W Celler. Vallejo
E'J McFadden Cal iW Moore & w. Mass
W Chapman. Callahan. C R Clapp. Ukiah
J Chapman, Callahan J W Harper. Fort Brg
£ V Look ont for the hundreds of +¦
+ laughs in the comic half-tone' +
-f section given frea with next
4- Sunday's Call. +
PALACE HOTEL.
C E Walte. Stanford jMrs B Gadsl. N T
W C Potter, Chicago A Sabja, Paris
M J Riordan, Arizona R J Seme. N T
Mrs F Lawrence, city Mrs W S Tevls, Cal
John Cluster,' USA F Gamtzsch, Bkrsfld
C H Stevens. Boston W B Davis, Chicago
Mrs G J Blake, Mass K W Brown. Fresno
Miss E H Blake, Massjw Gebbs, N T
W A Brewer. San Mtoij j. White, Cincinnati
W Newman, city JE Reynolds. Stanford
I Rosenthal. city w R Dudley, Stanford
L B Robinson, N T E W Penfleld N Y
B H Brooke, Bkrsfld w F Rojcers. Boston
AH Wheeler, Minn a J Stelnman. St Louis
B Minzeshelmer, N T Mrs W S Sexton. B C-
E E Williams, Detroit Miss L Loving. Texas
I H Plummer. Toronto D Ryland, Denver
Taucha Gadsl, NY L F Kuntz & w. N T
Mme Gadsi. NY F P Gllmore & w. USN
Dr S Koboysokl. Berlin J J Hunter. New York
GRAND HOTEL. ,.
A Anderson. S.ulsun • S S Paschel & w. H;I-
W C Healer. Cal W W Brown. Colusa
S J Fore & w. Ashland HA Fatrbank. Sacto
F C Stanford, Cal J C North, Sacto
J D Ludwlgj Cal A F W Schmidt, Cal
N A Dorn. Salinas A H fichnabel. Cal
D Dusser. Sacramento J C Hilton & w. Colo
J F FlBuerra. S Quen E F Sailor, Colfax
B Fleischer & w, Cal K D Heron. Colo Spgs
C Hoffman. Santa Crz J R Forrest.- N-Y • .
T Owens, San Jose R W Van * Arflen. Sact
R J Boyle, Ban Jose , A J Larson. Lodl •
T J Wilson. Los Ang P M Downing, city
H H Blood. Bkrsfld W P Hussy. Ind
B Miner. S Francisco W W-Baird. N T '
W W Carpenter, Cal Del "J t, Tucker, Sacto
F Stout. Wilmington Dr W Farrington, Ar
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
Mrs Currfe, Wash DC
J W Moon. Stockton
Mrs M A Oliver, Stktn
I* J Abrams. Stockton
O P Lome, Bolder Crk
C Mottzen & w. Pt Rs
Miss H S King. Pt Rs
P A Snell, Salt Lake
F F Lyden & w, N T
H Kuhl & w, Chicago
Rev Vernon Jones.Nav
R M Skinner, Cal
M I Steuart. N C
J C Steuart. NC.
J P Lance & w, Penn
Miss L Wheeler. Alask
Mrs Leavenworth N Y
NT Bray, Honolulu
A C Brokaw, Tacoms, -
Miss C L Sweeney. Wn
Mrs W M Kichtter.Or
Mrs K Peck. Chicago
D W Lewis, Sawyer
W P Dunlap k w, Wls
J W Bailey, Helena
H Coon & w, Rlversde
C Stube. Santa Cruz
O R Morris. Nome - .
W Rogers, city - .
F M Smith. Vacavllle
J McCudden. Vallejo !
Miss McCudden. Vlljo
W W Fronse Jr. city
H V "Webster & w, Cal
O G Bmlth. Vacavllle
Mrs Storm* & son. cty
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of 'the
day in the order of occurrence as to time of
day, the third time column the third tide and
the last or right-hand column gives the last
tide of the day.- except when there- are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
Lulgl Ferrari (owner) with -P. A. Antonelll
(contractor), architect J. A. Porporato— All
work except excavation and cement work for aJ
three-*tory and basement ~ frame building on
lot on SE corner of Filbert and Stockton- streets.
R. J. Techau (owner) with Walker Bros- Com
pany (corporation, contractors), architects W.
Mooser & Son— Brick, carpenter and mill work,
galvanized Iron, tin, doors, hardware, glass an d
all iron work for repairs to four-story brick
buitdlng on lot on- W line of Mason street. 80
N of Eddy. N 57:6 by W 137:6; $6390. ' , .
Mrs. Lydla H. Barney (owner) with " F W
Kern (contractor), . architect Albert Pissls—
Grading, concrete, sandstone, brick, granite
carpenter, galvanized Iron work, rtoflng, iron
and marble work, tiling, glazing and hardware
for building on SW corner of Ellis street and
Van Ness avenue. S 70 by W 109:9; $35,540
Edward B. Hlndes (owner) with E.. T. Leiter
(contractor), architect owner— All work except
roof covering tile, wainscoting for baths, toilets
and kitchens, prepared burlaps, front steps
buttresses and vestibule floors for a three-story
frame building- <flats> on lot on N line of Bush
street. 45:10 E.ol Taylor, B 22:ll*t>y N 100*
$7230. ." - ¦ ' - 1 ¦ ¦
Charles Perytval Davis (owner) with Hans
Petersen (contractor), architect— AH work
except mantels, shades and gas fixtures for a
two-story and basement frame building on S
line of Carl street. 279:4 E of Stanyan, K 25 by
Builders' Contracts.
William Water to Ventorino Rivera,- lot on
S line of Broad avenue, 322:6 E of Orizaba
street. 162:6 by S 125, lot 3, block F. Railroad
Homestead; :$750. .
A. F. and Mary O'Connell to Charles A.
and Francis J. Pullivan. lot on SW corner of
Sixth avenue and Clement etreet, W 32:6 by
S 100; also lot on SE corner of Seventh ave
nue and Clement street, E 32: C by S 100; $J0.
Maurice Ballln to Oscar Heyman. lot > on E
corner of Andover avenue, 225 S of Crescent
avenue. S 25 by E 70. lot 1S6, Holiday map- $10
Robert and Marian S. Campbell to Juanlata
A. James (wife of W. ,A. James), lots 1099
1101, 1103, 1105, 1107, Gift map 2; $10.
William and C. T. Nlcol to William E Law
ford, lots 7 and 10, block 530. Bay View Home
stead; $60.
Sarah McKendry to Eunice E. Westwat^r,
lot on W line of Twenty-fourth avenue, 100
N of Lake street. N 50 by W 120; $10.
P. CoPtamagna (administrator Estate of
Henry Seymor, or Semor or Seymour or Se
more) to Walter Honeyman. lot on W line of
Texas street, 100 N of Army (Colusa), N 50 by
W lW; £630. •
Hiram L. and Sarah E. Coyr to Teonesto
Vlcchio, lot on S line of Greenwich street, 68:3
W of Mason. W 46 by S 60;, $4500.
Henrietta Stewart. Charles W. and Lizzie
Bcheper to John G. Short, lot on S line of
Clipper street, 133:4 E of Noe. E 24:6 by S 114;
no.
Andrew anil Annie Norin to Edward Frank
lin, lot on W line of Diamond street, 75 S of
Seventeenth. S 24:8 by W 125; $10.
Same to Alexander Swanson. lot on E line of
Ms^onlc avenue. 153:1 N of Frederick street, N
25:7, E 132.5%. SW 18:S'i. NW 5»i Inches, S
8:44. »W 132: $1450.
Charles H. Redmond to Kate L. Redmond,
lot on NW line of Folsom, 62:6 SW of Twelfth,
SW 25 by NW 87:6; also lot on E corner of
Sixth and Clementina streets, SE 25 by NE
67:6; also lot on SE line of Clementina etreet,
67:6 NE of Sixth, NE 20 by SE SO; gift.
Thomas Magee Sr. to Adolph C. Boldemann.
lot on E line of Masonic avenue, 178:8 N of
Frederick. N 25:7, E 115:7. SW 11:7»£, EE 25,
S\V 5:2, W 132:5V4: $1450.
Henry Gear}' to Margaret Geary (wife) and
MaRgie T. Geary (daughter), lot on S line of
O'Farrell street, 80 E of Pierce, E 25 by S S7:6;
gift.
John Loughran to Charles A. and Francis
J. Sullivan, lot on X line of Pnfre street, 50 W
of Broderick. W 25 by N 100; »10.
Edward I... and Susan A. Combs, Laura Van
Wlcklan and Frances L. Empey to Ephraim
Conn, lot on S line of Post street, 143:3 W o£
Webster, W 24 by S 137:6; $10.
Sidney Yeagly to Ursula H. Holding, lot on
N line of Waller street. 231:6 W of Fillmore,
W 25 by N 120; Klft.
Ipaac and Emily Eliaser to B. Harris, lot on
E line of Fillmore street. 137:6 N of Hayes, N
27 by E 137:6; $10.
George L.. and Barbara Payne to Margaret A.
Skelly, lot on NE corner of McAllister and La
guna streets, E 30 by N 100; |10.
Herbert E. and Grace W. Law to Hartland
Law, lot on SE corner of Van Ness avenue and
Green street. E SS by S 60; $10.
Hartland and Ada Law to Herbert E. Law.
lot on E line of Van Ness avenue, 122:6 N of
Vallpjo street, N 92:6, E 94:5/ S 27:6, W 23:5.
S 65. W €9; $10.
Henry Geary to Marparet Geary (wife) and
Maccip T. Geary 'daughter), lot on S line of
Point Lobos avenue, 125 W of Ferrle iBlake),
W 25 by S 123; gift.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
" -Mornlnsr Session.
Board—
1PC0 California-Standard 25
jcco Caribou 25
300 Independence .' 23
f,0O Independence 22
•- FO Monte Crlsto 1 5IH
35 San Joaquin Oil & Development » 37'.3
50 Sterling O & D Co 2 90
60 Sterling O & D Co 2 So
100 Sterling O & D Co 2 75
500 Sunset (Original) M
5C0 Sunset (Original) 55
ICO West Shore * 60
Afternoon Session.
Board—
2600 California-Standard 19
ICO Caribou ~ 28
1300 Hanford-Fresno-Kem River 28
400 Home Oil .......... .^.. 4 65
130 San Joaquin Oil & Development S SJ4
100 St Lawrence 2 73
10 St Lawrence ....." 2 60
MINING STOCKS.
The followinr were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Moraine Session.
SGO Belcher 09 200 Opblr 79
500 Caledonia 45 800 Ophlr" kO
400 Chollar 12 400 Potosi 10
100 Con Cal & Va..l 05 lty Sierra Nevada. 25
100 Con Cal & Va..l 00 400 Yellow Jacket.. 23
10O Mexican 27 100 Yellow Jacket.. 22
Afternoon Session.
10O Belcher ...." 8S 200 Overman 07
J00 Belcher 00 200 Potosi OJ
' mo Beet & Belcher 21 100 Sierra Nevada. 23
500 Chollar 11 10O Silver Hill .... 37
900 Crown Point... 03 200 Union Con ..... 16
ICO Hale & Norc... 20 200 Yellow Jacket.. 2S
100 Mexican V- .
The following were the sales in the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session. vT^'t
SOO Belcher ......... W ECO Justice^. 04
200 Best & Belcher. 21 J00O Mexican 27
400 Caledonia 45 500 Ophir 80
200 Caledonia 41 200 Ophlr ........... 79
300 Chollar 12 500 Overman 08
400 Con Cal A .V»l 02^ 500 St Louis 11
20O Confidence 60 600 Union Con 14
2W0 Con Imperial.. 01
Afternoon Session.
500 Belcher OS 200 Hale A^tforc... a
100 Best. & Belcher 21 200 Mexican 2«
800 Chollar 11 100 Union Con ...... II
*00O Con Imperial... 02 200 Yellow Jacket.. 23
lOOO Con Imperial... 01
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
";¦¦'¦* FRIDAY, Nov. 9—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Alpha 02 03|Justlce ........ 02 04
Alta. .01 (U Kentuck 03 04
Andes 04 05 Lady Wash .... — 03
Belcher 08 CO Mexican 2i 27
Beet & Belcher 20 21 [Occidental ;.... C* 10
Bullion Olr 02 Ophlr" 77 79
Caledonia ...... 42 4.". Overman 04 07
j Chollar 10 11 Potosi OS 10
Challenge Con.. ° 13 15 Savage l« 17
Confidence SO 62fScorpion M
Con Cal & Va..l 00 1 OujSeg Belcher 05 oe
Con Imperial... — Ol'Slerra Nevada. . 22 S3
Con New York. 01 — [Silver Hill .... ' 36 3S
Eureka Con ... — 43 St Louis — 10
Crown Point ... 09 11 Standard ; 3 25 —
Exchequer — 02|Syndlcate C« —
Gould & Curry S3 SS; Union Con 1« 17
liate & Norc 21.. 2J Utah V7 *9
I Julia 01 Mi Yellow Jacket.. 23 U
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
BANK STOCKS.
Anglo-Cal Ltd. 69 — First Nationl.256 200
Bank of Cal — 410 Lon P tc. A 138H —
Cal S & D T..104 — Merchants" Ex 16 IS
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L.... — 1900 Eav & L So.. — tl
Hum S & L. — — 8ec Sav Bk.. — —
Mut Sav Bk SO — Union T Co... — —
S F Sav U 515 —
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California 124 — O S L & H.... 29 —
Geary-st — — Presidio IT 73
Market-st 67*; 654
POWDER STOCKS.
California — 160 Vlgorlt S4 Stt
Giant Con Co.. 83?» —
SUGAR STOCK8.
Hana S P Co. 7 — Kllauea S Co.. 20*i —
Haw C & S Co 85 ES'i Makaweli 8 Co 41H 42H
Honokaa S Co. 31 l » — Onomea S Co. » —
Hutch S P Co. 25% Kv4 Paauhau S Co. »1H —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Al Pack Assn.l24H — Pac A F A... V& —
Cal Fruit Asn.102 — Pac C Bor Co. — 133
Mer Ex Assn. 9/ 100 Par Paint Co. 12H —
Oceanic S Co.. 97H 98 i .
Morning Session.
- Board—
20 Contra Coeta Water 70 00
5 Centra Costa Water Si 87^4
20 Giant Powder Con JJ 75
150 Hana Plantation Co T ll<i
50 Honnkaa Sugar Co Jl 00
i; Hutchinson S P Co : a 75
1C0 Makaweli Sugar Co 4225
$1Z,500 Oakland Transit Co 6s 117 00
150 Oceanic Steamship Co J5 00
$3000 Oceanic Steamship Bonds 110 75
50 Paauhau S P Co 31 25
80 S F Gas & Electric Co. 9 90 52 00
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 52 00
5 Spring Valley Water 33 50
Street—
30 Market Street Railway 63 00
100 Merchants' Exchange Bank 13 00
$11, (*X) Northern California Railway 5s.. ..112 CO
|43,C«O Oakland Ga« Bonds 110 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
5 Contra Costa Water 63 87H
20 Giant Powder Con S3 75
13 Giant Powder Con, b ID S% 00
10».! Honokaa Sugar Co 31 CO
25 kllauea Sugar Plantation Co 21 00
J3CC0 N P C R R 5s T 107 50
10O Oceanic Steamship Co 96 00
50 Oceanic Steamship Co $6 25
175 Oceanic Steamship Co 97 CO
125 Oceanic Steamship Co.: 96 75
10) Faauhau S P Co 31 25
« Paauhau S P Co 21 50
3C0 B F Gas & Electric Co 5! 00
ircoo Southern Pacific of Arlxona Bonds. .113 25
40 Spring Valley Water S3 73
9J Spring Valley Water 94 CO
10 Spring Valley "Water 93 S7*i
' Street—
$12,000 Oceanic Steamship Bonds.. 1M 75
25 Pacific Gas Improvement.'. 52 73
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued. From Page Ten.
PARIS, Nov. 9. — Tha merab«r» of the
French Dramatic Company, headed by
Mme. Bernhardt and M. Coquelln. who
had expected to leave for N«w York thi»
evening to begin the company's American
tour in the Garden Theater in that city,
have been delayed In consequence of an
accident to the steamer, but they will
leave Havre next Sunday on L'Aqultaina.
Steamer Breaks Down and New York
Opening Meets Post
ponement.
CHICAGO. Nov. 9.— In a football jam*
at the Normal Park School grounds to
day. Sixty-eighth street and Stewart
avenue. Edward Gillette, ared.17. was so
seriously Injured that he died la a few
hours at his home. According to the
story told by the boys who were playinsr
with him at the time. Gillette, who had
hold of the ball, slipped and fell as h*
was trying to make a dash around the*
end. All the players piled on him. and
the opposition endeavored to get the pig
skin away from him. Gillette held on to
the ball and shouted that he wai In
jured. He attempted to rise, but failed.
It was found that he was suffering from
internal injuries. After reaching horns
he became unconscious and died.
BEBNHARDT'S COMPANY IB
DELAYED BY ACCIDENT
Piles Up on Him and He Is
Internally Injured.
In a Scrimmage the Entire Team
SCHOOLBOY Tnr.T.Tm
IN A FOOTBALL GAME
LJMON*. Colo., Nov. 9.— Louise Frost. 11
years old. daughter of a ranchman, wu
found last night in a patch of weeds about
half a mile from her home, unconscious
and bleeding from many wounds. She had
been stabbed, apparently with a dirk, no
less than fourteen times. She died at mid
night without having regained conscious
ness. The physician who attended her ex
pressed the opinion that the girl had been
grossly maltreated before receiving the
stab wounds. She was waylaid when driv
ing home from school, for her horse
reached the stable about dark with the
buggy empty. Posses are scouring the
country in .every direction and the mur
derer wlU probably be lynched if captured.
The Sheriff of Lincoln County came
from Hugo with a posse to aid the citi
zens of Limon in the search for the mur
derer. He offers a reward of $300 for tha
capture of the guilty person, dead or
alive, and the same amount for each it
more than one was implicated. It is bo
lleved the terrible crime was committed
by a tramp. ¦
Sheriffs' Posses, Assisted by the Citi
zens, Searching for Murderer,
Who Is Thought to Be a
Tramp.
Grossly Maltreated and Then
Stabbed Fourteen
X lUivui
AWFUL MURDER
OF YOUNG GIRL
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day —
1. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKIX3,
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco. Cal.,
November 9. 1900.
Time Ball.
Men Frorn^ Transport
Dock Save the
Vessel.
>
THE four-masted barkentlne Olym
pic had a close call yesterday. A
fire broke out In the room of the
cabin boy, but owlns to tha prompt
action of the fire brigade on the transport
wharf all danger was over when the regu
lar patrol arrived.
The Japanese cook was preparing a dish
for himself in the forecastle when the
lamp upset, and In a few moments every
thing was In a blaze. The Japanese at
once made his escape, but gave the alarm
as he ran. H. S. Scott, superlntedent of
the transport dock, and E. R. Patterson,
chief clerk, saw the flames and at once
made a rush to help. Scott rung in an
alarm and Patterson, seizing: a small
chemical engine, put It on a truck and
made for the burning vessel. Once at
Howard-street Wharf No. 3. it did not
take him long to get the chemical engine
aboard and then he and his assistants
¦went to work.
"When the city engines arrived on the
scene there was nothing for them to do.
Klven are In addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign ( — ) precedes .he height, and
then the number given Is sub'.racted from the
depth given by the charts. The plane of refer
ence Is the mean of the lower low water*.
Fire Scares Crew of
the Barkentinc
Olympic.
Stm'r Noyo,' Johnson, 14 hours from Fort
Brngg.
Stmr South Coast. Olsen. 40 hours from Hu
eneme.
Hr ship Glaucus, Bennett, 12S days from Lon
don. '"' ,
Br ship Hutton Hall, Thurber, 120 days from
Antwerp.
Br ship Corunna, McNeil. 160 days from
Newcastle, England.
Br ship Riverside, McCully. 140 days from
London.
Stmr Empire, Macgenn, 61 hours from Coos
Bay.
Bark R P Rlthet, McPhail. 23 day» from
Honolulu.
Fr bark Lamoriclere, Sauvlgnon, 75 days from
Newcastle. NSW.
Fr bark Marguerite Molinos, Porcher, 130
days from Newcastle. England.
Kchr W F Jewett. Johnson, 16 days from
Klawack.
Schr Beulah, Mitchell, 7 days from Columbia
Schr Mary Buhne, Weber, 13 days from Eu
" ka- CLEARED.
Friday. November 9.
Stmr Pomona, Shea. Eureka; Goodall, Per
kins & Co.
SAILED.
Friday, November 9.
Bark Pt James, Tapley, Chemainus: Califor
nia Shipping: Co.
Stuir Santa Rosa, Alexander. Ban Diego.
Stmr Brunswick, Andresen. Eureka. :
Stmr Pomona. Shea. Eureka.
Stmr Alcazar. Gunderson. .
Stmr Geo W Elder. Randall. Astoria.
Btmr Newsboy, Lundqulst. San Pedro.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, Santa Cruz.
Stmr South Coast, Olsen, .
Stmr. Rival, Johnson, Usal.
Stmr Sequoia, Winkle, Fort Bragg.
U S stmr Ranger. Field, San Diego.
M?xlcan ctmr San Benlto, Bengochea, Guay
mas.
Br ship Lauriston, Latta, Queenstown.
Schr Maggie C Ruts. Kallenberg. Seattle.
Schr Bender Bros, Wetzol. Boweng Landing.
TELEGRAPHIC. *
-POINT LOBOS. Nov 9, 10 p m— Weather
foggy: wind NW. velocity 8 miles. '
SPOKEN.
Nov 2, lat B0 N, Ion 8 W— Br ship Lynton.
from Liver-cool, for Victoria.
Per schr Bertha Dolbeer, at Eureka— Oct 25.
lat 32 40 N. Ion 123 30 W— Bark Oregon, from
Port Blakeley. for Delagoa Bay.
DOMESTIC POR'JS,
SEATTLE— Sailed Nov 7— Schr Alcalde, for
Port Blakeley. Nov 8— Stmr Willamette, for
San Francisco.
EUREKA— Sailed Nov 9— Stmr Eureka, for
Notice to Mariners.
UMATILLA REEF LIGHT VESSEL NO, 67—
COAST OF WASHINGTON*.
Notice Is hereby given that on November 6,
1900, this vessel was replaced on her station,
about 2>i miles S.W. % W. from UmatiUa reef.
Flattery rocks, making off, from Cape Alava,
Washington, and about 4U miles west south
westerly from the cape. No change has been
made In the light vessel as to characteristics
of lights, fog-signal or general . appearance.
This note affects the List of Lights and Fog
Signals, Pacific Coast. 1900, page 32, No. 145;
also the List of Beacons and Buoys, Paclfio
Coast, 1300, page 63.
By order of the Lighthouse Board- ¦
W. P. DAT,
Commander United States Navy,
Lighthouse Inspector.
Office of the- United States Lighthouse In
spector, Portland, Oregon, November 7, 1900.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Friday. November 9.
Aus stmr Olea, Descovieh, 45 days from Ba
tavla. via Yokohama 27 day?.
Stmr North Fork, McLellan, 25 hours from
Eurrka.
Stmr Whltesboro, Olsen, 16 hours from Green
wood.
Stmr Newsboy, Lundquist. 14 hours from
Ueal; bound to San Pedro; put in to land sick
man.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, 11 hours from
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariner* and
Shipping Merchants.
The Abby Palmer loads lumber on Puget
Sound for Sydney, 56s: Melbourne or Adelaide,
67a 6d"; Pert Pirie. E6s 3d, prior to arrival. The
Eva loads lumber from Grays Harbor to Apia;
the Morven. wheat at Portland for Europe. 42a
Cd, prior to arrival; the Riverside, wheat to
Europe, 35s, prior to arrival.
Additional Manifests.
In addition to cargo previously reported the
steamer Curacao, which Bailed Wednesday for
Mexico, carried the following merchandise.
valued at J30.491:
11 cs acid. 3 C3 assaying .material, 6 cs boots
and ehoes, 10,250 lbs bran, 2S92 gals beer. 4765
lbs beans, 39 tins bread, 10 cs coal oil, 10 cs
Chinese provisions, 37 cs Chinese merchandise,
40,400 lbs corn, 42 cs canned goods, 774 J lbs cof
fee, 5 tons coal, 2S bdls cordage, 600 bbls ce
ment, 22 cs candles, 14 cs drygoods. 10 steel
dies, 8 cs electrical goods. 325 cs fruit," 4 cs
glassware, 615 pkgs groceries and provisions, 9
bales hay. 25.394 feet lumber, S3 pigi lead, 194
pkgs machinery. 19"* lbs malt, 11 cs mineral
water, 17 crs mlllwork, 7 kegs nails, 61 crs
onions. 185 pes pipe, 431 sks potatoes, 28 cs
paints and oils, 6S40 lbs rice, 1990 lbs rosin. 11
steel shoes, 93 bdls shcoks. 1309 lbs soda, 6 kegs
spikee, 24,512 lbs sugar, 15S9 lbs tallow, 2 qhests
tea, 1200 lbs wax, 661 gals 12 cs wine, 3 crs
wagon material, 20 cs whisky.
An additional manifest has been reported at
the Custom-house for the steamer San Benitp.
which cleared Thursday for Guaymas. The
manifest was valued at S1P.0S5, and included
the following:
3 cs ammunition, 33 ctls barley. 210<> lbs
bread. 19 pkgs ship chandlery, 226 cs drugs, 230
cs drygoods, 21 crs furniture, 166 bxs fruit, 1560
pkgs groceries and provisions, 69 cs hardware,
25 bales hay. 107 bdls Iron, 50,939 feet lumber.
10 crs onions, 106 pes pipe, 101 cs paper, 151 crs
potatoes, 57 cs paint. SO flasks quicksilver, 10
bxs raisins. 25.060 shingles. 842 bdls snooks. 31
bales sacks. S cs salmon, 12 chests tea, 318 cs
vegetables, 2417 gals wine, 12 reels wire, 21 cs
whisky.
fi OASTERS and ceep-water ships are
I having a haru time of it outsider-
V^y There is no wind and then again
' they do not know just where they
are, as the lightship is gone and they can
not secure their bearings.
Last night the French bark Lamorciere
was outside, while the British ship Glai>
cus from London was nearly ashore at
Bolinas. She stood in thinking it was>the
Golden Gate, but luckily Captain Bennett
discovered his mistake in time and stood
off shore again.
The French bark Marguerete Molinos
from Newcastle, England, and the British
ship Corunna from Newcastle, N. S. W.,
were also off shore last night, while the
British ship Hutton Hall From Antwerp
made port. There Is no wind and all of
the delayed fleet could have made port
had there only been tugs to bring them in.
Outside, keeping the deep-water fleet
company, were the schooners Volant,
Mary Buhne, J. M. "Weatherwax and
Esther Buhne. "When the fog lifts th3
chances are that there will be a dozen
ships in i.ie offing.
Coasters and Deep
Water Ships
TROUBLE
»
Navigation Rendered
Dangerous by Fog
Outside.
DISASTER TO THE OLGA CAUSES
GENERAL MIXUP AMONG SHIPPING
Scarcity of Tugs in
the Bay Proves
Annoying.
All Available Boats
Hard at Work on
the Olga.
THERE was a dearth of tugs in the
bay yesterday. All the available
boats of large dimensions were out
to the stranded steamer Olga,
while the emaller ones were kept busy as
>usy could be attending to the regular
business of the towboat companies. '
About noon time Uncle Sam wanted the
transport Sheridan moved from the dry
dock to the stream and a call was made
for tugs. The Spreckels people had not
a boat to spare and the Redstacks were In
the same box. ,
Finally the Santa Fe and the Pacific
Mail were applied to and the former
agreed to let Captain Barneson have the
use of the Richmond and the Mall Com
pany loaned the Millen Griffith. These
two tugs brought the Sherjdan down into
the stream and anchored her off the trans
port wharf, where she will be coaled anil
got ready for her next trip to Manila.
The Sheridan leaves here for the Philip
pines on the 16th inst.
Ban Francisco; schr J M Co'.ir.an. for Launces-
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Nov 9— Schr Philippine,
for Grays Harbor.
Arrived Nov 9— Stmr Luella, from Caspar.
NEAH BAY— Passed in Nov 9— U 8 stmr Se
ward, from Nome.
GRAYS HARBOR— Launched Nov 8— Schr
Oliver J Olson.
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed Nov 9— Bktn
Northwesti • from San Pedro.
Arrived Nov 9 — Schr Defender, hence Oct 24;
Br stmr Almond Branch, from Manila.
Sailed Nov 9— Bktn Retriever, for Caleta
Buena; ship Great Admiral, for Chemainus;
schr Admiral, for Sydney.
BOWBNS LANDING— Arrived Nov 9-Stmr
Navarro, hence Nov 8.
ASTORIA— Arrived Nov 9— Nor stmr Bergen
hus, hence Nov 6.
Sailed Nov 8— Stmr Columbia, for San Fran
cisco; Ft bark Amlral Courdet. for Queens
town.
Outside Nov 9— Br ship Langdale, from Liv
erpool.
TACOMA— Sailed Nov 3— Bark Tidal Wave,
for San Pedro; schr Marlon, for San Diego.
PORT BLAKELEY— Sailed Nov 9— Schr Chal
lens-er, for San Pedro.
FOREIGN PORTS.
NANAIMO— Sailed Nov 7— Etmr San Mateo,
for Port Los Anceles.
ROYAL ROADS-Salled Nov 4— Ger ship Are
thuaa. for Queenstown.
MELBOURNE— Arrived Nov 8— Bchr Lyman
D" Foster, from Chemainus. Nov 9— Bktn Ad
denda, from Astoria.
COLON— Arrived Nov 6— Stmr Advance, from
New York.
ACAPULCC— Sailed Nov 8— Btmr Colon, for
Panama.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Nov 8— Br stmr Doric,
for San Francisco.
HONGKONG— Sailed Nov 8— Stmr City of Rio
de Janeiro, for San Francisco. •
MANILA— Sailed Nov 7— Br stnir Strathgyle,
for San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
BEACHY HEAD— Passed Nov 9— Stmr Aby
dos from San Francisco, Guayaquil and Mon
tevideo, via St Vincent. C V, for Hamburg.
KINSALE— Passed Nov 9— Stmr Bohemian,
from Boston, for Liverpool.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Nov 9— Stmr Cam
pania, from New York, for Liverpool, and pro
ceeded.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Nov 9— Stmr Taurlc, for
New York. •
BOSTON— Arrived Nov 9— Stmr Common
wealth, from Liverpool.
HAMBURG— Arrived Nov 9— Stmr Patricia,
from New York • ¦ ¦ . .
MOVILLE— Sailed Nov 9— Stmr Anchoria.
from Glasgow, for New York.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1900.
NOVEMBER. 1900.
CALL CALENDAR.
13
Steamer. | Destination. | Sails. | Pier.
Eealandia . I Honolulu Nov. ,10, 2 pin Pier 7
Empire Coos Bay Nov. 10, 4 pm Pier 13
Iaqua Humboldt Nov. 10, 3 pm Pier 2
Coos Bay.. Ne-w-viort Nov. 11, 9 am|Pler 11
City Puebta Victoria (Nov. 12, 11 amlPler 9
Eureka .... Humboldt I Nov. 12, 9 am|Pier 2
H. Mam... China &Japan[Nov. 13, 1 pm PMSS
Newburg .. Grays HarborlNov. 13, 5 pm Pier 13
Fork Humboldt Nov. 13, 9 am Pter 2
Pomona ...] Humboldt Nov. 14, 2 pm Pier 9
Columbia .. Portland Nov. 14, 11 am Pier 24
Queon [San DIpro Nov. 14, 11 am Pier 11
\V. KrugerlGrays HarborlNov. 14, 7 pm...
Corona Newport Nov. 16. 9 am Pier 11
Rainier Seattle Nov. 16
Walla Nov. 17. 11 am Pier 9
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Nov. 17 Pier 2
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
Mackinaw Seattle Nov. 10
Robu Adamson Nanaimo Nov. 10
China China and Japan Nov. lo
Newburg Gray* Harbor Nov. 10
Kureka IHumbcldt Nov. 10
Senator |Seattle Nov. 11
Corona (San Diego Nov. 11
Iris ..' '.Hamburg Nov. 11
Columbia IPortland Nov. 11
Wartleld Oysfr Harbor Nov. 11
Robert Dollar.. Seattle Nov. 12
Pomona Kureka Nov. 12
W. H. Kruger. Grays Harbor Nov. 12
Proureso Tacoma... Nov. 12
Rainier Seattle Nov. 13
Del Norte Portland Nov. 13
Walla Walla... Victoria Nov. 13
Willamette Seattle Nov. 13
ITcnlta. Newport „ Nov. 13
Chas. Nelson... Seattle Nov. 13
Jean!* Seattle Nov. It
Matteawan .... Tacoma Nov. 15
Snr.ta Rosa San Diego Nov. lo
Crescent City.. Crescent City Nov. 18
Marlposa Australia Nov. 18
G. W. Elder.... Portland !Nov. 16
Coos Bay Newport (Nov. 17
•O ITlmel Tlmel iTlme Tlmel
B 1 Ft. 1 Ft. I Ft. 1 Ft.
» IHWI L, W| |HW L. -WI
j j _ ., |
10 ...I 2:41 4.6 7:00 3.2 1:03 B.S 8:15— 0.4
11... 8:38 4.6 8:06 8.3 2:00 6.2 9:09! 0.0
13 ... 4:32 4.7 9:30 3.3 3:07 4.7 10:C3l 0.5
13 ... 6:25 4.9 11:00 3.2 4:22 4.2 10:55 1.0
14 ... »:12 5.0 12:21 2.8 5:41 4.0 11:45 1.3
15 ... 6:52 5.1 1:25 2.3 6:58 3.8 .'
IL. W H W L W H W
1« ... 0:36 1.7 7:31 6.2 3:12 1.8 8:04 1.8
8. M. T. W. T. F. B. [ Moon's Phaiei.
f— — q Full Moon.
4 _i_ _L _L -i. _L — ft Last Q uarter >
TIT 13 II 15 18 17 '*• y «w«nb«r 13.
a i New Moon. .
IS 19 "*> 2L — ILJ1- ® Xov«n»^r »•
"JIT 26 27 28 29 SO ~9k nt Quarter.
1 J-*' Xovemb«r 29.
Steamer. | Destination. | Sails. | Pier.
Eealandia . I Honolulu Nov. ,10, 2 pin Pier 7
Empire Coos Bay Nov. 10, 4 pm Pier 13
Iaqua Humboldt Nov. 10, 3 pm Pier 2
Coos Bay.. Ne-w-viort Nov. 11, 9 am|Pler 11
City Puebta Victoria (Nov. 12, 11 amlPler 9
Eureka .... Humboldt I Nov. 12, 9 am|Pier 2
H. Mam... China &Japan[Nov. 13, 1 pm PMSS
Newburg .. Grays HarborlNov. 13, 5 pm Pier 13
Fork Humboldt Nov. 13, 9 am Pter 2
Pomona ...] Humboldt Nov. 14, 2 pm Pier 9
Columbia .. Portland Nov. 14, 11 am Pier 24
Queon [San DIpro Nov. 14, 11 am Pier 11
\V. KrugerlGrays HarborlNov. 14, 7 pm...
Corona Newport Nov. 16. 9 am Pier 11
Rainier Seattle Nov. 16
Walla Nov. 17. 11 am Pier 9
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Nov. 17 Pier 2
•O ITlmel Tlmel iTlme Tlmel
B 1 Ft. 1 Ft. I Ft. 1 Ft.
» IHWI L, W| |HW L. -WI
j j _ ., |
10 ...I 2:41 4.6 7:00 3.2 1:03 B.S 8:15— 0.4
11... 8:38 4.6 8:06 8.3 2:00 6.2 9:09! 0.0
13 ... 4:32 4.7 9:30 3.3 3:07 4.7 10:C3l 0.5
13 ... 6:25 4.9 11:00 3.2 4:22 4.2 10:55 1.0
14 ... »:12 5.0 12:21 2.8 5:41 4.0 11:45 1.3
15 ... 6:52 5.1 1:25 2.3 6:58 3.8 .'
IL. W H W L W H W
1« ... 0:36 1.7 7:31 6.2 3:12 1.8 8:04 1.8
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
Mackinaw Seattle Nov. 10
Robu Adamson Nanaimo Nov. 10
China China and Japan Nov. lo
Newburg Gray* Harbor Nov. 10
Kureka IHumbcldt Nov. 10
Senator |Seattle Nov. 11
Corona (San Diego Nov. 11
Iris ..' '.Hamburg Nov. 11
Columbia IPortland Nov. 11
Wartleld Oysfr Harbor Nov. 11
Robert Dollar.. Seattle Nov. 12
Pomona Kureka Nov. 12
W. H. Kruger. Grays Harbor Nov. 12
Proureso Tacoma... Nov. 12
Rainier Seattle Nov. 13
Del Norte Portland Nov. 13
Walla Walla... Victoria Nov. 13
Willamette Seattle Nov. 13
ITcnlta. Newport „ Nov. 13
Chas. Nelson... Seattle Nov. 13
Jean!* Seattle Nov. It
Matteawan .... Tacoma Nov. 15
Snr.ta Rosa San Diego Nov. lo
Crescent City.. Crescent City Nov. 18
Marlposa Australia Nov. 18
G. W. Elder.... Portland !Nov. 16
Coos Bay Newport (Nov. 17
8. M. T. W. T. F. B. [ Moon's Phaiei.
f— — q Full Moon.
4 _i_ _L _L -i. _L — ft Last Q uarter >
TIT 13 II 15 18 17 '*• y «w«nb«r 13.
a i New Moon. .
IS 19 "*> 2L — ILJ1- ® Xov«n»^r »•
"JIT 26 27 28 29 SO ~9k nt Quarter.
1 J-*' Xovemb«r 29.
PROPOSALS.
AHEARN— la this city, November 9, 1900
Albert James Ahearn, -beloved brother o'
Tliomaa Ahearn. Mrs. Nellie Tlerney and the
late Mrs. Fahey. a native of Grass Valley"
Cal.. ajred S3 years 11 months and 3 days
t^TNotice of funeral hereafter. Remains at
the parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mis-
elon Ftreet. > .".•:
BAnHirrT~In this city. November S. 1900.
John, beloved husband of the late Alice Bar-
rett, and father of Mrs. John H. Curtln of
: San Francisco, Mrs. Theresa McGreevey and
V illiam Joseph Barrett of Brooklyn N Y
and the late Alice. A. Barrett, a native of
Klnsale. County Cork, Ireland, aged Si years
Honorary member of the Shipwrights* Aieocia-
tion. (Brooklyn. N. Y., papers please copy )
CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of the United Undertakers. 27 and 29 Fifth
Mreet. thence to St. Brendan's Church. wher«?
man will be celebrated for the resose of his
soul fct 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cro-*
Cemetery. ~r . y
¦•BKRENSON— In this city, November 8, WOO,
Ji'lius, beloved husband of Hannah Berenson
and father of Bessie Berenson. a native of
Russia, agt-U Zt years.
BOGART— In this city. November ». 1300, Eliza-
beth G.. wife of W. F. Bogart. a native ot
Bridgeport, Conn.
CTThe funeral ¦will take place this day
(Saturday), at 10:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. SSS Halght etreet. Interment pri-
vate.
BIXKLEV-In this city. November 9, 1900, Johr.
Buckley, a native of Mat-room, County Cork,
Ir*-U«>d, aged 57 years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FCXEr.AL DIRECTORS. AND EMBALMERS.
; 20 Fifth rt.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telechone South SO.
[Mq^N|:OL(VfT/:CEM^ERY
.. ;^co1L'm/v, san.v mat^e^o"^^*^.
lOPCICC/^igMARKEr ST. Tel: SO: 337j
DIED.
Ahearn. Albert J. Gordon. Theresa
Barrett. John Hammar. Ellen
Berenson, Julius Kershner. Sadie G
Bogart. Elizabeth O. Lawless, Walter
Buckley. John McLaughlin. Amanda
Cai-anaugh. Patrick O'Donnell Festy
nooley. James P. l'echner. Robert B.
Dougherty, Clemen- Pe^l. Robert ¦
Una L. Schlmmelpfennltr, J.
L S 1^ nd ,, Wallmann. Alexander
English. Melvlll- Whiting (infant)
Frue. VVllllam B. Wright. John S.
Fuchs. Martin P.
MARRIED.
JOEN— BERG — In this city. November 7 1300
by the Rev. O. Groensberg, Anton Joen and
Bandlne Bers.
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street 'Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADC 112 Jrlrst CIom Including Berth
IHIIL 58 Second Class and Meals.
COLUMBIA sails Nov. 14. 24. Dec 4
GEO. W. ELDER sails Nov. 9, ». 2}
¦ Short Line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
CO Market street.
TOYO KISEN KAISBA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
r.er First and Brar.naa streets, at 1 p. m
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board oa day
of sailing.
S3. HONGKONG MARU
..Tuesday, November IX 1900
SS. NIPPON MARU
Thursday, December «. 1900
S3. AMERICA MARU
Saturday. December 29, 1900
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner cf First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.'
AMERICAN LINE.
KXV TOSS. BOTCHAXrrOV. L0H30JI, raJUi
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New Tork Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
Et. Louis Nov. 14 St. Louis Dec S
New Tork Nor. 21 Mew Tork Dec 13
St. Paul... Nov. 5S St. Paul Dec U
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New Tork Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Southwark Nov. 14 Noordland Dec S
Wtsternland ...Nov. II Frtesland Dec 13
Kensington Nov 28 Southwark Dec. U
For freight and passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
30 Montgomery st. Or any of its agent*.
AikAanto C C Pa "*'**"• UKK " M
oeeanics.5.io. sss-^sss
SS. ZEALANDIA (Honolulu only)
Saturday, November 10, I p. ra.
SS. SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa, New
Zealand and Australia
¦ • Wednesday. November 21, J p. m.
S3. AUSTRALIA for. Tahiti
Tuesday, December «. 4 p. m.
J. 0. SPRECXELS& BROS. CO., Igt»..TIck3t Offica, 643 Hartit St
f r#t Offia, 327 Mirtat St. Pier la. 7. Padfc SL
S0XPAS5IS SE5ERAL3 T&alfSATLA.HTIQB'X.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. JAfc . .
Sailing every Thursday, instead or^ySy^
Saturday, from November 2, 1S3?. at <^rc!mia>i
10 a.m.. from Pier 42. North RJrer, toot of
Morton street. L'AQUITAINE. Nor. t. First-
class to Havre. *35 and upward. Secon-i
class to Havre. W2 50 and upward. GENERAL
AGCNCT FOR UNITED STATES and CAN*
ADA. 31 Broadway (Hudson building). New
Tork. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pactne Coact
Arents. S Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMEB&
FOR I). S. NAVY YARD AND YALLEJ8.
. Steamer "Montlcellou"*/ -
MON.. Tues.. Wed, Thure. and Sat. at 1:45
a. m., 1:15. 1:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. 3
p. m. Landing and office. Mlaslon-stre«t Dock.
Pier No. 3. Telephone Mala 15CS.
FARE ..........«*
BORN.
COHEN— In South . San Francisco. San Mateo
County. October 12. 1900. to the wife of M
Cohen, a daughter.
CROW— In this city. November 8. 1900, to the
wife of T. J. Crow, a son.
DE PROSSE— In this city. November 9 1500 to
the wife of Victor de Proese. a son.
LEAV1TT— In this city, October 12, 15KV), to the
wife of Bamuel H. Leavltt. a dauirhttr i
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They mun be handed
la at eith-r of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
Bons authorized to have the fame published
EIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
MJLRRIAGE LICENSES.
Tho following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
an^r P-. Shetr^^B^^reer 1 -
ia!T£ &3ftA3£.& and Rachel kaiv
Peter Joseph Muller, 27. city, and Eugenie B.
Ber£i»», 1?. city.
John Arraretti, SI. e:S Broadway, and Pau-
lina Luchelli. 2«. CCS Broadway
- Manual V Sauza, 3!>. Baa Gregorlo. and Mary
d* P.rum. 19, Halfmoon Bay.
Frederick W 0 ?pke, 31. city, and Georgine
Ehnnrer. 24, city.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
r. Steamers leav> Broadway
_. wharf. San Francisco:
Ha^. For Alaskan Ports— 11 a. m .
C»g3*k Nov. 12. 17. 22. 27, r>»c. 2.
|**'ty«2k Changs to company's steamers
fjrlSH jal For Victoria, Vancouver fB.
GE^M»] £•)• Port Townsead. Seattle
Tacoma, Everett. Anacortes
and New Whatcora nvuh.> —
11 a. m.. Nor. 13, 17. H. J7,
Dec. S. and every fUth day thereafter. C&ang*
at Seattle for this company's steamers for
Alaska, and G. N. Ry.: at Seattle or Tacoma
to N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver to C P. Ry.
For Eureka, Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m.. Nor
9. 14. 19. 24, 29. Dec. 4. and every firth day
tt»reafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bcra. Port Los Angeles and Redocdo (Los An-
geles)—* a. m., Nov. », 14. M, M. ts. 23. and
every Sunday and Wednesday thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon, Cam-
eos. Port Harford (San Ln!« Obispo). Gaviota.
8anta Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. Shan Pedro.
Last San Pedro (Los Ajjgel«s> and Newport— 9
a. m.. Nov. 11. 15. SO. 23. 27. SO. and every Tues-
day and Friday thereafter.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose d»l
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paa. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mexico)— 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month.
For further Information' obtala company's
fclders.
The company reserves the right to change
steamers, jailing dates and hours of sailing
TICKET oV'FICE-4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). . l * umory
GOODALL. PERKINS ft CO., Gen. Ag»ats.
¦ JO Market st.. San Francisco.
OCEAN" TRAVEL.
PROPOSALS fcr Clothing and Equipage, Depot
Quartermaeter'e Office, 36 New Montgomery
eu. San Francisco. Cal.. ¦ November 8, 1900—
Sealed proposals, in triplicate, will be received
Pt this office until 10 o'clock a. m., Friday,
November 23. l%0. Pacific Standard Time
ar.d then opened, for furnishing Wool Blan-
ktts. Leather Gauntlets, Berlin Gloves. Hat
Ccrds. Leirpins. Chambray Shirts. Cotton Un-
der Shirt*. Woelen Stockings, Suspenders, Cot-
ton Stocklr.irs. Scrubbing Brushes, Storm and
Recruiting Flags. Recruiting Flag Halliards,
Garrison and Post Flag Halliards. Quan-
tities to be subject to an increase of £0 per
cert, if desired, by this department. Un-
guaranteed bids and bids upon samples dif-
fering from standards and specifications on
requirements will, except in the cases here-
inafter mentioned, under no circumstances
b» considered; proposals for less quantities
than advertised for will be entertained. Bids
¦will be opened for the delix-ery of the same ar-
ticles at either the San Francisco, Chicago,
Philadelphia or Boston depots, but none will
be given consideration for delivery at other
points than those named above. Early de-
liierles are essential. Proposals upon woolen
etockings. heavy quality, having eeamlets
to«s and full 6eamless heels, but otherwise
conforming to specifications, will also be
entertained. In which case proposals offering
such must be accompanied by sample. Bid-
ders urrn scrubbing brushes will be permit-
ted to submit samples differing from speci-
fications and standard requirements. Prefer-
ence will be given to articles of domestic
production and manufacture, conditions of
rrice and quality being equal (including In
the price of foreign production and manufac-
ture the duty thereon), and such preference
- will -be -given to articles of American pro-
duction and manufacture produced on the Pa-
cific Coast, to the extent of the consumption
required by the public service there Th#
United States reserves the right to accept or
reject any or all proposals or any part there-
of. Information and blanks for proposals
will be furnished on application. Envelopes
containing propc«als •will be indorsed- •'Pro-
posalF No. pdii." and addressed to Major
OSCAR F. LONG. Quartermaster, V. 1
Vols., Depot Quartermaster.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
PKOPGSKD CHANGE OF~HARBOR~~LINES
SAN FRANCISCO BAY— A Board of United
States Eneineers will hold a public hearing
In the cffice of STATE HARBOR COMMIS-
SIONERS <Ferry building) at 10 a. m. Thurs-
day. November 15, 1900, to consider applica-
tion for an advance of the existing harbor
line between Van Ness avenue and Folsom
*treet in San Francisco Bay. Arguments for
cr against a change are requested in writing.
S. M. MANSFIELD. Colonel Corps of En-
gineers. President of Board.
ALWAYS bargains In typewriters;' any make
Write for prices to L. A M. ALE.VA.VUEK,
110 llor.'.gornery st.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
ALAMEDA BARGAINS. '~" ~~~~
11005— Larpe lot v.ith 7-room house, between
-arrow sr4 broad jraujre railroads; etreet work
<i; Tie: near fcofcooi; (Treat bargrain.
EASY TERMS.
S".4X>— Lot 64x'l'r. with 6-room cottage; on
r.aln avrnue; groat Fnajv
SU90— Fine two-story house cf 7 rooms and
!«:h; A'.Rrr;»><la ave.; ncsr station and school-
¦.rrms to Bolt.
trtO— Lot 4:sT51; flne. well-built modern
h-':s»> T roorri* and bath: on main avenue: near
trains, electric cars and School; eacy terms.
1 $3iC!V— Lot S5xll« ; elegant 8-room modern
r.c-se; fooi location; near station and school;
will Mil on UV terms and no reasonable offer
refused; Fee ihis snap at once.
$SSW — Lot *0xlS0; on Broadway, near * Santa
<~,ara ave.: new up to date house, t rooms and
bath; Sne location; on 80-foot ftreet.
U2>0— Lot 6"xl40: ten rooms; $530 cash, bal-
rr-c |SS per month.
*S06>>— Lot S-'JxSOTie; ten rooms and barn- Cen-
tral ax-e.; tnap.
I5W- Lot 108x90; eleven rooms and barn;
I. v cash, ra.ar.ee on Cat loin; worth 112 050:
prcatest fnap.
r»00— Lot $0x150; nine-room residence, with
ram; on ir-ain ave.; best location In Alameda.
Houses to let la a'.l parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL & CO .
US Park et.. Alameda. Cal.
NORTH PIDE tt Clement ave.: B-room cot-
tace bath, etc.; lot 15x150 feet; street work
complete; $1300.
Lincoln ave.; house of S rooms; lot 60x130;
ttreet work ccmrlete; J1250.
San Jo*e tve.; cholc* let 53x150; street work
complete; fl^X).
E acres land, fine house, well and outhouses;
rear Ftation; for sale at the greatest bargain.
Clinton ave. ; 2-siory houee of 8 rooms ; lot 100
x:5D; corner; call at the office for fj'.l par-
ti culare.
Fine lots on Sherman Ft.; 75xlR>; etreet work
til coinrlete; the choicest lots in Alameda.
Elerant home on Fherman St.; valued at J15.-
O'-'r. greatest bargain in Alameda.
Call to see our list of improved ar.5 ur.im-
rroved property.
_ E. P. jrDP CO.. 1424 Park et.. Alameda, Cal.
ITSiO — AUCTION price; Cnest modern 5-room
ccttare in Alameda; perfect plumblnc; iia»
location: 2 blocks frcni station & hl*h school;
fair terms. A. O. Burns. 1501 Park. Alameda.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAXD REAL ESTATE.
"WANTED— In San Francisco, a rood • or 10-
roen house in desirable location, to trade for
a fine 190-foot frcr.t business comer in Oak-
land. A. J. ENTDER & CO.. 467 Ninth St.,
Oeklafid.
I WILL build a DOOM to euit you on a lot
fxlSO feet, cr S0xi50 feet. In a rood residence
part cf Oakland, en easy terms. Address
OWNERS, box f4t. Call offlce. Oakland.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
GOOD ho-jses. Get lift from GEO. W. AUS-
TIN & CO.. IPOS Broadway. Oakland.
OAKL.4\D FlRMTTnE FOR SALE.'
AN :stroducticn to ycu from H. Schellhaas. tht
furniture dfa'.er. 11th and FrankHn, Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
EARTLETT, 424— Four larre completely fur-
Rlehed roc-rr.s on first floor; ras; bath; fine
house; large yard; J15.
BARTLETT. 414 — S sucsy connecting and fur-
nished housekeeping- roots*.
CLEMENTINA. 2SL cS Fourth— Rooms coca-
plete for housekeeping private family.
FI'LTON. 1548. cor. Blxth tn.-Tro desirable
.»rf sur.r.y unfumlehed rooms for house-
keeplr.g; McAllister. Geary and Sacramento
cars to the door: Sutro can two block*.
FOLSOM. £34 — Sunny front bay-window room
ar.d kitchen; hot and cold water; bath; pri-
vate; 13 a week.
GULDEN GATE ave.. C2— A large Urht fur-
rlrh^d roctn: runninr water; ras etove.
Howard. 1M3V4— Completely furnished; elnrle
ar.d en suite; aiso one bay-window room; $10.
MARKET. : r :s— 2 small rooms for housekety-
in^. $7; als-> one sinre, $4; &loely furnished;
riny bell on ee<^>nd Coot.
MIS5ION. 11C1— Three unfurnished housekeep-
inr rooms; IS.
FIXTII. 13< — Sunny room for Urht housekeep-
ir.t; «!fo other small rooms.
TEHAMA. 44 — Three housekeeping rooms.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200Fillmore et.
A ERANCH office for Call advertisements and
fubscriptlor.s has been established at 109i
V&'.er.cta st.
ROOMS TO LET Fnrn. and I nfurn.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 14S Sixth— Rooms :5o
to tl per n'.ght: Jl 13 to tZ per week, and light
hcu*»Keep:nr; oj>en all night.
BURNETT. 1416 Market . <old No. 1364>— Fur-
r.!she4 nr.s. tsltes. tingle; also unfurnished.
EUSH. £20 (The Elk)— Changed hands; newly
renovated, nicely furn. sunny rms., tl B0 to $7
week: 2'jT to tl 60 night. MRS. P. RAN'FT.
CLIFFORD. 204 Elli*. cor. Mason— Handsomely
furnished gur.ay rooms; prices reasonable.
I-P.'jOM unfurnished flat; rent V 50. Inquire
Si» Fifth ftre«-t.
J"<">LSOM. i-fjl. ccr. Cth (The Oliver)— New fur-
r.lshed many rtr.s., single, suites; reasonable.
FULTON, CMS, ccr. «th ave., opposite main en-
trance G. G. Park, dose to new band stand —
Newly ar.S very cicely furnished eunny rooms
to Jet; McAllister. Geary and Sacramento can
to the doer; Sutro cars two blocks; board op-
tional.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
r:.-:y; tunes or single; travelers accommodated.
OH ART. 11"— Sunny newly furnished; en suite,
*irp]«>: hot, ccld water; phone; steam heaters.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
fir^le; ladies' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
G RFENTVICH. fll— « large roonis for 2 fanv
ii:*-*; cfceaj? rent.
XIYDE, 40TB — Neatly furnished room; sunny;
rn*-e-e family.
LAP PALM AS. 1<CO Market st. -Suite of J cr 3
rtr.s.; private; hath; ein. rms.; board optional.
MAT.Y, 2fl. near Fifth and^ Mission— Seven
rooms; double r*rlors; rent cheap.
McCLELLAND. 200 Turk et.— Changed hand*;
newly renovated; all roon*.s facing either
Turk or Jones Ft.; rent reasonable.
MINNA. COS — Large, sunny furnlesed front
rorr.s to let; private family.
NfTtV AKLINGTON. 1015 Market st.— Nicely
furnished rooms. %2 a ««k up; 85c a day up.
OAK. SC6— Large cVan bay-window alcove
Fiiit*; bath. ga*. mantel, running water; pri-
vate family; *12; other rooms, ts and tlO.
OFARRELL. 2^-Sunny furnished rooms and
o'f.rff. elevator; e'i«»ctrie lights; day, wk., mo.
O FAF.l'.ELL. 124— Nicely furnished front suite.
a>o oth«-r eunny rooms.
O'FARRELL. &E4— Newly furnished sunny suite,
rir-gle rooms, suitable ccuple or 2 gentlemen.
T*<-.«=t. S43— Sunny furnished room. running
»a.t»>r. for 1 or 2 gentlemen.
H r '5F!I>ALE House, 819 and Z21 Ellis St.— Rooms,
rHpht -J.r, to fl. meek fl 23 to $4; open r.lgTit.
ROYAL HOOK, 126 Ellis *t.— Incandei^er.t light;
read ir. g- room, smoking-room and ladl>>s' par-
lor: rooms, per nlsrht. S3c to tl 60: »wk. J2 to
• $?; nv>r.t.h. f8 to tSO: elevator on ground floor;
roTi!* with net end cold water; bath*.
IT— 4 LARGE eunny housekeeping rooms; also
•,T.r> fnr $4. £i3 Seventh et-
fcHECJIAX Apartment House. -2S Eighth et.
rear Markr;— Furnished or unfurnished.
SILVER. 127B. near 3d and Harrison-Sunny
front furrlfbed rooms; gas and bath: reason.
TAYLOR, fi 1^— Sunny room for gentlemen. J10;
2 ethers, flT and tI5. ,
THIRD. E14V- Two Jarre unfurnished rooms;
ji rd: entrance in rear; rent fS.
ITRK. IX— FurniFhed room, suitable for gen-
tleman. £S mo.; also other rm. for lor; r.ents.
TURK. M»— Sunny single furnished room;
rt>r,t J^ ¦
7.RAXCH c'flce for Call advertisements and
«-u!.*rrlrUo;-.s has been established at- 109C
•*'a!en«rla tt.
CLASSIFIED rdvertisTnents and subscriptions j
receivivj at Ca!l branch office. 2200 Fillmore st. ;
nOOMS WASTED. 1
WANTED— 3 partly furnished eunny room*;
housrkoppir.K: ir.urt be reasonable for re-
*por.elbl#> rallies; 2 in family; vicinity City
Hall. P,ox 121. Call office. j
CUEBGTXCASf wants sunny bedroom and good J
• licard in a nrivate family. S<*nd terms to ;
J/tc 127, Call office. . \
' — — — *^ !
ROOMS AM) BOARD WA-VTKD.
HY a «tu<l*>nt. nlc* single room: good board: ¦
within 14 blocke 224 PoM St.; rates IIS to $50.
Address Bex 12^ Call office.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 21 Uhirty
cents i»?r share) of the Paauhau Sugar Plan-
tation Cempany will be payable at the office
cf the cempany. 327 Market et., en and after
Saturday. November 10, 1900. Transfer book^
closed on Saturday. November 8, 1S00. at 12
o'clock m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary. -
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
GRICAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRTTERtJ^We
tell better machines for less money than any
bouse In the city; rentals. $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. i"6 California; telephone Main 2C&.
BOUcrtTT and sold: new and second hand; large
display: very cheap. 527 Market, room 729.
SLOT MACHINES
PACIFIC Ftorace and Furniture Moving corn-
pan v. JK0 F:!trnor» st.: phone Jackson ?8l.
WILSON BROS., storape and moving; covered
vans. Tenth and Market: phone South 765.
STORAGE AN'O WAREHOUSES.
TEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission st.;
tel. Main 1S40: shipping at cut rates.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for J4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO.,
41& Montgomery et., rooms 8-10; tel. 65S0.
ROOMS papered from J2 60: whitened Jl up;
raintinjt done. Hartman Paint Co.. 819 Third.
SEWIXG MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bcucht. fold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing lowest rates: open ever. 205 Fourth.
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired: needles and
rhuttles: reduced rates. 145 «th: phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, cold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plamberk. 1915 Mission, nr. 16th.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
FIRST-CLASS modern family hotel: very sunny
rooms; fine table. 1604 California st.
BOARD and rooms at 415 Flm st., near Har-
rison.
BOARD and room with private Christian fam-
ily: J15. 613F Larkin st.
(OTrlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Satur-
day), at 2 o'clock, at Trinity Episcopal
Church, corner Bush and Gough streets.
ECHIMMELPFENNIG— In Eureka. Humboldt
County. Cal., John, dearly beloved husband
of Llllie Schiminelpfennlg, father of Amy,
Edna. Johnnie and Flossie Schimmelpfennig,
and beloved sqn of Adam Schimmelpfennig
of Stockton, aged 44 years 9 months and 2
days. Besides he leaves three brothers and
five sisters and a large circle of friends to
mrurn his loss. (Stockton papers please. copy.)
E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral from his
father's residence, 1312 East Weber avenue,
Stockton, Cal.
WALLMANN— In this city. November 7, 19fl\
Alexander, husband of Lizzie May Wall-
mann. a native of Germany, aged 31 years
and 6 months.
C7"The funeral will take place this day
(Snturday), at 10:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. 1S30 Bush street. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train
from Third ami Townsend streets.
WHITING— In the City and County Hospital.
November 9. 1300. infant eon of Gertrude
Whitinr, aged 1 day.
WRIGHT— In Oakland. November 9. 1900. John
P., bMoved husband of Sophie Wrightr and
father of John F., Annie and Bessie Wright,
', a native of New York, aged 77 years.
CTFrler.ds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
• Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. S. Godeau. 303 Montgomery avenue. Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
MCLAUGHLIN— In this city, November 8. 1900,
Amanda E., beloved wife of William Mc-
Laughlin. a native of San Francisco, aged
32 years and 4 months.
ODONNELL— In Ukiah, Cal., No\-ember 9.
1900, Festy O'Donnell^ a native of Ireland.
aged about SO years.
PECHNER-In El Verano. November 7, 1900.
Robert B. Pechner of San Francisco, dearly
beloved husband of Carrie Pechner, devoted
father of Mrs. L. H. Levy of Fresno, Cal.,
and Henry, Hyman, Celia, Annie and Jenny
Pechner, and brother of Marcius Peehner of
Portland, Or., aged 60 years and 8 months.
PEEL— In this city, November 7, 1300, Robert
Peel, son of Mrs. Thomas Morftew, and
brother of Jonathan and the late Matthew
Crooki Peel, a native of San Francisco, aged
30 years 2 months and 25 days.
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Saturday), at 2 o'clock, at the reFl-
dence of her son-in-law. • A. L. Worley. 13J4
Forty-seventh avenue. Interment private, in
Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
DURAN— In Tracy, November L 1900. Leland.
beloved son of Thomas M. and Nellie Duran.
and twin brother of the late Thelma Duran,
ared 2S days.
ENGLISH— In this city. November 9, 1900.
Melville, beloved son of James M. and Mary
English, a native of San Francisco, aged 3
years.
FRUE— In San Jose, November 9. 1900, -William
B., beloved husband of Maud B. Frue, a na-
tive of Detroit, Mich., aged 31 years 1 month
and 23 days. *
FfCHS— In this city, November 6. 1900. Martin
P. Fuchs. beloved husband of Maria Fuchs.
• father of Albert and I<ouis Fuchs. brother of
Irancoise Fuchs. and stepfather of Henri
Rogeiet, a native of Alsace, France, aged 50
years 2 months and 11 days. A member of La
Parfaite Union No. 17. F. and A. M.. and of
the French Society La Gauloise.
C_^" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the rarl° rs oi
J. S. Godeau, J05 Montgomery avenue, thence
to Masonic Temple. Post street, at 1:30
o'clock, where services will be held under the
auspices or La Parfaite Union Lodge No. 17,
F. and A. M. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
GORDON-In Oakland. November 7, 1300. The-
resa Gordon, beloved wife of Joseph F. Gor-
don, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Gulseppl Vlg-
anepo. and sister of Joseph Cogrorho, a native
of Oakland, aged 20 years 1 month and 6 days.
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the family
¦ residence. 627 Filbert street, Oakland. Inter-
ment St. Mary's Cemetery. Oakland.
HAMMAR— In this city, November 8. 1900.-
Ellen, beloved wife of Conne Hammar, mother
of- David, May, Lita, Gertrude. Nellie and
John Hoffman, and sister of Frank McCar-
rlok. a native of New York, aged 42 years.
K^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 735 Laurel avenue, off Buchanan etreet,
between Eddy and Turk, thence to Holy Cross
Church. Eddy street, for services. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
KERSHNER— In Santa Clara, November 8, 1900,
Sadie G., wife of Jacob R. Kershner, a na-
tive of Ohio, aged 4S years.
LAWLESS— In this city, November 7, 1900.
Walter Lawless, a native of New York, aged
68 years 2 months and 1 day.
CSTtiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 8:45 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church. %vhere a re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Crofs Cemetery.
DOOLEY— In this city, November S. 1500, James
Patrick, beloved son of Catherine and tha late
Michael Dooley. a native of New York, aged
4J years 7 months and 26 days.
DOUGHERTY— In this city. November 8. 1900.
Clemontlna Lloyd Dougherty, beloved mother
of Martha A. Dougherty and Mrs. A. L.
Worley. a native of New Jersey, aged 67
years S months and 24 days.
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor &. Co., 787 Mission street. In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
CAVANAUGH— Krtered into 'rest. November 8.
19C0. Patrick Cavanaugh. beloved brother of
Mary and Delia Cavanaugh and the late Mrs.
Catherine Clancy, a native of Ireland, aged 66
years.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
DIVIDEND Notice— The Giant Powder Com-
pany, (con.). A dividend. No. 23, of seventy-
five cents (75c) per share on the Issued capital
ftock cf the company has been declared pay-
able at the cffice of the company, 430 Cali-
fornia etreet, San Francisco, on November
10. 1S00. Transfer books close November J,
W0, ct nccn. A. A. SPARKS. Secretary.events In the bank when McKenzie was
not allowed to take any of the. gold away.
Also how, when the writs of supersedeas
arrived, he demanded to know when the
receiver would obey them, and when the
receiver refused to set a day or time he
told McKenzie and his attorneys that his
clients would enforce the writs them
selves. He told, tco, of his request to
Geary, asking how Geary would advise
his clients in the matter of the writs, and
how he got a "no." polite or otherwise,
for an answer. The whole proceedings
were gone over again In detail, and there
will be more to come this morning at 10
o'clock.
Llndblom, who was his first client, he had
no idea that there was to be such litiga
tion over the Discovery claim as he Is now
involved in. He said he took Lindblom's
Vase because Llndblom expected that his
rights would be attacked on the ground
that he- was an alien, and to that end
Metson prepared his client's proofs of
naturalization and brought Lindblom's
naturalization papers with him to Nome.
It was also expected that the claims of a
man who had grub-staked Llndblom at
one time would cause trouble, but before
Metson went to Nome the man had deeded
all his rights to Lindblom.
Metscn then went on to tell of the
McKENZIE. THE RECEIVER. WHO SPENDS HIS TIME DODGING AT
TEXTION IN THE CORRIDORS OF THE PALACE. AND ROBERT
CHIPPS, PLAINTIFF IN THE PRINCIPAL NOME MINING SUIT.
YOUNG GIRL DRINKS
ACID AND EXPIRES
No Reason Can Be Assigned for the
Suicide of Miss Adah
Purington.
Miss Adah Purington, the 18-year-old
daughter of Henry O. Purington, a wool
buyer, committed suicide by drinking car
bolic add at her home, 2627 Pine street,
last evening. No reason can be assigned
for the girl's sad act except the family's
determination to make their future resi
dence In Oregon, which change the girl
objected to.
Yesterday afternoon Mrs. Purington left
her home to make some purchases. When
6he returned she found her daughter alone
and unconscious on a bed. Not knowing
what was responsible for the girl's con
dition the crazed mother called a physi
cian. The doctor discovered an empty
carbolic acid bottle and a whisky glass
half full of the poisonous liquid near the
bed. He applied restoratives and used a
stomach pump, but his efforts failed and
in a. short time the young woman was
dead. After drinking the add Misa Pur
ington had with a handkerchief carefully
wiped what remained on her lips.
The father of the girl is at present In
Oregon. She has a sister. Miss Frances,
a nurse.
For Primary Election Law.
The Iroquols Club at its meeting last
night authorized the appointment of a
committee to confer with other party or
ganizations and members-elect of the
Legislature regarding the speedy enact
ment of a primary election law. The
chairman named the following committee:
W. I. Brobeck. B, P. Troy, Joseph Gor
man. Charles- GUdea and T. Carl Spelling.
The club sent the following telegram to
W. J. Bryan:
The Iroquols Club has confidence In your
patriotism, leadership and Democracy.
In the Divorce Court.
Decrees of divorce were granted yester
day to Agnes ( J. Potter from Andrew J.
Potter for desertion and Edwin N. Gag
non from Ella Gagnon for desertion.
Suits for divorce were filed yesterday by
Julia Wlese against Charles Wlese for de
sertion, Flore Gianbastianl against Je
seppina Glanbastiani for infidelity. Joseph
L. Holliday against Amy V. Holliday for
cruelty, Mary C. Wapple against George
Wapple for cruelty and Annie J. Arm
strong against William Armstrong for de
sertion.
MOST of yesterday Attorney W.
H. Metson was under exami
nation before United States
Commissioner Heacock and
when court adjourned he had
still more to tell. Attorney Thomas J.
Geary conducted the cross-examination
and Attorney E. S. Pillsbury the direct
examination, and by both testimony that
will do no good to the ring In Nome was
brought out.
In the morning under Pillsbury's ques
tioning Metson told of some of the event3
of the miners' fight that were most sensa
tional, and for the first time since he has
returned from the gold fields he admitted
that his life was threatened while he was
battling for the rights of his clients In
defiance of the opposition of the authori
ties in Nome. In the meantime the case
of the miners is gaining in strength, and
as the testimony piles up It looks more
and more as If the crash when It does
come will be a record breaker.
As the case stands now, it appears from
the evidence "that the attorneys for Mc-
Kenzie advised him, after the second
writs (those of arrest) arrived in Nome,
that he had better deliver up the dust
to the mineowners. It has been shown
that t>oth Geary and Dubois, who acted
as McKenzie's counsel, told Metson that
they had so advised their client, and
when the McKenzie case comes ud Mc-
Kenzie must either admit that he acted
contrary to the advice of his counsel or
controvert their positive statements.
The morning session before Commis
sioner Heacock was devoted to the con
tinuation of the examination of Metson.
He told how, when the writs of arrest
had arrived and it had been decided to
break Into the vault where the dust was
stored, Geary came to him and told him
that McKenzie would . never give up the
dust without a fight, and that if there
was a fight there would be five or six
men killed: and If Metson was among
the killed It would be his own fault. He
was told that if he persisted in breaking
into the vault he would probably be killed,
and if he were not several others
would be and he would be responsible
for their deaths. Geary said to Metson
that he did not want him to get hurt
and he had better make a stipulation that
the dust should not be sent out of the
country, but should be placed under the
jurisdiction of the Circuit Court of Ap
peals. Both Geary and Dubois then said
that they had advised McKenzie to give
up the dust, but It did not look as If he
was going to do so without a fight. Met
son declined to make any stipulation, but
he informed the attorneys that he was
going to -have that dust if he had to take
It himself.
It is a vital point in the case to show
that Dubois was acting for McKenzie.
and in support of the charge that he was,
Metson told how, in the proceedings, Du
bois first acted for the plaintiffs, Comtoi?
and Chipps, and later for McKenzie, the
receiver. This was objected to in open
court, and from that time Geary appeared
for the receiver, but he was often In con
sultation with Dubois and It was general
ly understood that Dubois was attorney
for McKenzie as well as for others.
Continuing Metson said that when the
first writs were served In Nome an at
tempt was made to have the District
Court in Nome enforce them by some or
der directed to the Marshal, but instead
Judge Noyes made an order showing that
he had no further jurisdiction in the mat
ter, the case having gone to the Circuit
Court of Appeals, and by this the defend
ants were shut out from any relief In his
court. It was thought that this would
end the litigation In the Alaska court, but
when the plaintiffs came in with an ap
plication for an order restraining the de
fendants from taking any of the gold they
dug from the mine out of the country, the
court seemed Inclined to grant It.
The defendants had by that time taken
possession of the claims and were work
ing them, so the object of the application
was obvious. In vain Metson pleaded and
argued before the court, and then he fin
ally produced the orders the court had
made that very morning.' The orders
were to the effect that the court had no
further jurisdiction In the case and Met-
Bon asked how. then could it take up the
application for an injunction or restrain
ing order made, by the jplaintiffs. •
"What did the court say to that?" asked
Pillsbury.
"Nothing," said Metson. "Judge Noyes
said nothing at all; he went on and grant
ed the restraining order the plaintiffs had
asked for."
Metson then went on to explain that
theso orders were not filed; they had
merely been slipped into the papers and
it was a question as. to what value they
held In law anyway. A.% any rate they
were sufficient to hold the defendants
back while the plaintiffs got ahead. -
Metson then took up the subject of the
keys of the vault that had been placed In
the hands of the District Attorney, Joseph
"Woods, and how he refused to • deliver
them up. He retold also the story of how
the miners went to the bank and took
what the law said they might take. ;
Kenneth H. Jackson, who was on the
stand Thursday, was again called, this
time to show that he had induced Judge
Johnson, who preceded Judge Noyes on
the district bench of Alaska, to resign.
The Inference of the questions was that
Jackson had paid Johnson $25,000 not to
appoint a receiver in the cases against his
clients and to resign, but Jackson denied
that any such transaction was even
thought of. Johnson is his partner in
much of the litigation In which he is In
terested, and he declared that there was
no man who could charge Johnson with
anything unmanly or dishonest.
When Jackson had finished Clunle start
ed to cross-examine Metson. Metson ex
plained that when he was retained by
Js San Francisco a city or a city and
county? That is the question around
which are revolving a mass of le
gal learning, bundles of authorities, de
cisions, precedents and the fate of the
civil service principle in the charter. Gar
ret McEnerney and Joseph C. Campbell
argued opposing sides cf the problem be
fore Judge Hebbard yesterday and on
Monday John Garber will close the de
bate. Attorney McEr.trney, who was
pleading for the civil service clause, in
Fists that the county of Ean Francisco
died in 1S56 and that the county govern
ment act rot only does not operate on
this peninsula but never did. Attorney
Campbell is equally insistent that the
county government act of the State does
rule in San Francisco and that certain
of our officers hold iheir office and are
governed by State laws of tenure. Thcs»
officers are those who perform State du
ties to the exclusion cf municipal obli
gations.
Both contentions were embellished y«->s
terday with history, logic, abstruse and
emphatically unlntere-unfr legal lore and
migament. Judge Hebbard is called upon
to decide and upon him rests the decision
of tying the hands of the Civil Service
Commission or permitting it to perform
the duties provided for it in the chartei
until one or the other of the parties In the
controversy appeals to the Supreme Coun.
for a final judgment. The case is of ex
ceptional importance, as it broadone.1
greatly yesterday from Its original pro
portion?. John Garber declared that the
Civil Service Commission has not only no
right to dictate the appointment and qual
ification of county officers but it has no
power to act at all.
The argument was opened yesterday by
Joseph C. Campbell, who contended that
San FnBCisco is not only a city but also
a county with county officers, informing
a strictly State duty and governed by the
county government act. The charter of
Ean Francisco has no more authority to
decree that the County Clerk and his dep
uties must be restricted to men who ha\e
red .hair than it has to insist upon quali
fications in these officers which the coun
ty government act does not demand.
Mr. Campbell argued that the State Is
explicit^ln outlining what its county offi
cers shall be and what they shall do.
Fan Francisco has therefore a dual gov
ernment with two setc of officers. The
ofneers who are performing State duties
cannot consequently be subjected to the
civil service restrictions of the city of
San Francisco. These civil service rules
declare that employes of the municipality
shall have, .under certain conditions of
examination, acceptance and good be
havior, a life tenure of office. But the
State law decrees that none of Its offi
cers shall he chosen for a term longer
than four years.
It Is evident, therefore, said Mr. Camp
bell, that all of the government of San
Francisco which is In the nature of county
administration Is contiolled by State laws.
It is impossible to conceive how any ter
ritorial subdivision of California can over
ride State laws and dictate qualifications
of Sta:e officers which the State Itself
does not demand. During the argument of
Mr. Campbell there was developed a point
which will probably have great weight on
the decision of Judge Hebbard. City At-
On Monday morning John Garber will
argue in conclusion for the injunction
upon the Civil Service Commission. .
Further than this, the attorney said, a
court of equity does not take cognizance
of political cases. Neither the manner of
instituting the suit nor the court in which
It has been brought is proper. The suit
to enjoin the alleged misappropriation and
expenditure of public money involves
the startling proposition that the Auditor
and Treasurer may be enjoined from pay
ing any claim whatever, and this the at
torney asserted, is not the law in Cali
fornia.
In this way the civil service principle in
the city could be tested. If the Civil Ser
vice Commission removed a deputy for
one of its own candidates, then an action
would lie, but not in the way sought by
the present suit.
"Where the division is to be made no
one has been able to tell and no one ever
will be able. No such division can be. The
law did not Intend that there should be.
Turning then to a discussion of the
motives of the case. Attorney McEnerney
declared that the action has been brought
simply and solely to tie up the commis
sion. The court, he contended, has abso
lutely no right to Issue an Injunction pre
venting the Civil Service Commission
from holding examinations. The commis
sion has the right to hold as many ex
aminations as it pleases. If there is an
honest effort and purpose to best the civil
service clause of the charter the only
legal way to do so is for some head of a
municipal department to refuse to accept
an officer supplied by the Civil Service
Commission.
When the consolidation act was adopted
there was a merging of the city and
county. This means that there was the
creation of a new political entity distinct
from both city and county, or the county
died. From either point of view it is Im
possible for the county government act to
have authority. The law declares that
the operation of this act shall be abso
lutely uniform, which is impossible if the
act applies to San Francisco. The at
torney inclined to the opinion that there
was not under the consolidation act the
creation of a new political corporation,
but the merging of the county in the city.
This removes from San Francisco all op
eration of the county government act.
This has been decided emphatically, defi
nitely and clearly by the Supreme Court,
yet. contended the attorney, the men who
are seeking to tie up the Civil Service
Commission, paralyze its labors and Inter
rupt the orderly government of the great
est political corporation in the State, de
clare that the county government act ap
plies to part of San Francisco and part
of it does not.
Attorney McEnerney then be^an the
discussion of his main theme. He de
clared that In the meaning of the consti
tution of California and of the statutes
the City and County of San Francisco is
purely, in every legal sense, only a muni
cipal corporation over which the county
government act has absolutely no author
ity. The county of San Francisco has
been dead for forty-four years, he said.
It has never exercised the functions of a
county in the way provided by law.
The argument presented by Attorney
McEnerney was exhaustive, logical and
brilliant. From the outset he contended
that the Injunction temporarily granted
should not be made permanent. He in
sisted that the enly evil which can be In
flicted will be by an interference with
what Is now the organic law of San Fran
cisco. It is a presumption of law that en
actments, solemly made, representing the
organized existence of communities shall
be considered >gal. Courts have hesi
tated to the last moment to question all
enactments. Every effort has been made
to protect such laws and Judge Hebbard
should hesitate, therefore, to make per
mar.ent an injunction which interrupts
the operation cf charter government in
Pan Francipco. No_ injury, he contended,
ran be done by dissolving the injunction
and permitting the issues to be deter
mined by the appellate court.
torney I*ane and Garret McEnerney have
contended that the suit which has been
Instituted to determine the issue has not
be^n brought In a legal form. Campbell
insists that the method to secure the de
sired remedy Is justuied by the highe3t
Slate and national courts. At noon Mr.
Campbell concluded his argument and at
the end of the recess Garret McEnerney
began.
The Legal Battle Before Judge Hebbard
Revolves on the Contention. That San
Francisco Is a City and County.
CIVIL SERVICE IN THIS
CITY HANGING UPON THE
MEANING OF A PHRASE
Will Finish Morgue Buildine.
Mayor Phelan and Supervisor Braun
hart, chairman .of .the Building Commit
tee, visited the. Hall of Justice vest«rriav
to ascertain vrlfat additions wl neeeswy
to complete the building. It was agreed
by the two officials to utilize the nfoney
remaining In the construction fund to fin
ish the Morsue bulldlne.
Sullivan married a Bister of John Ken
nedy of the Third Iowa Volunteer Light
Artillery. in 1S72 Kennedy applied for a
pension and the application was denied
He subsequently made another application
with a similar result and was afterward
killed in a saloon fight. Suillvan. after
Kennedy's death, applied for a pension in
his name and swore that although he en
listed under the name of Kennedy his real
name was Sullivan. He was traced ta
this city and arrested by O. L. Sues of
Sioux Falls and W. B. Ruperts of But"
special pension examiners. '
John D. Sullivan, the bogus pension
claimant, received sentence yesterday
morning at the hands of United
States District Judge De Haven. The
prisoner had pleaded guilty on the
previous day of having filed a false state
ment In support of an application for a
pension as a soldier of the Civil War by
representing himself to be a soldier who
had died a year or so before: he had also
pleaded guilty to the charge of perjury-
Sentence on the first charge was Im
prisonment in the penitentiary for one
year and a fine of $100, and on the sec
ond charge Imprisonment for a term of
four years after the expiration of the first
term.
SULLIVAN'S SENTENCE
"T- ; TOR PENSION FRATTD3
Impersonates Dead Brother-in-Law
and Commits Perjury to De
fraud the Government.
* Some time ago Glllln and Isaacs had
trouble over the arrest of a man named
William Obenauer, who conducts a cyclery
at 1802 Devisadero street. Isaacs ordered
Obernauer . to remove some bicycle racks
which were in front of his store, and to
get even with him the bicycle man posted
a notice on his window severely criticizing
the action of the policeman and warning:
the public against him. "When Isaacs saw
the notice ha became angry, and going to
police headquarters he swore out a war
rant for Obenauer's arrest for causing a
breach of the peace. ;
Obenauer was tried by a Jury in Judge
Cabanlss' court and was acquitted.
The folowlng day he preferred charges
against Isaacs with the Police Commis
sioners, but subsequently withdrew them.
Soon after 11 o'clock Thursday night
Glllln. who Is friendly with Obenauer.
met Isaacs and proceeded to denounce
him In scathing language. Isaacs, who
had been talking to Korn, the cigar man,
before his brother officer appeared, start
ed to walk away. With an oath GUlin
whipped out his revolver and struck
Isaacs across the face.
"I'll fix you this time," shouted Gillln,
as he raised his pistol and pointed It at
the prostrate form of his victim. Just
then Korn stepped In front of the blood
thirsty policeman and begged him not to
shoot.
After considerable • pleading Gillln re
placed the revolver In his pocket and left
the scene, after threatening to blow
Isaacs' head off If he informed his su-
Two police officers— iWllllain Isaacs and
Peter Glllln— had a wordy dispute at Pine
and Devlsadero streets late Thursday
night, which culminated In Glllln striking
his brother officer across the face with his
revolver, cutting an ugly gash. As Isaacs
fell from the effects of the blow, Glllln
raised his revolver as if to shoot, but was
prevented by "Lep" Korn, a cigar dealer,
who witnessed the trouble.
perior officer of the trouble.
Yesterday morning Isaacs visited pollea
headquarters and submitted a written re
port of the trouble to Chief Sullivan. Ha
declared that GillJn was under the Influ
ence of liquor at the time and acted Ilka
a man suddenly bereft of his reason. To
2gjJ>t r amin. tham W1U b * »™<«~a
USED HIS PISTOL AS A CLUB TO
ASSAULT HIS BROTHER OFFICER
Quarrel Over an Arrest Nearly Ends in a
Shooting Affray.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1900.
Says He Was Told There Would Be Bloodshed and. That Five
or Six Men Would Be Killed— McKenzie Will Be Forced Either
to Contradict His Attorneys or Admit Ignoring' Advice.
METSON TELLS HOW HE WAS WARNED
NOT TO PROCEED TOO FAR IN THE
SERVICE OF HIS MINER CLIENTS
14
another busy Saturday
at Hale's new store
the store is full to-day of things of interest to man, woman and
child, because of quality, style, beauty, variety and price.
All cable cars on Market street pass Hale's.
the new belts
first floor — second aisle.
various and fanciful novelties are represented in this gathering
of the latest belt ideas. . prices, too, are most reasonable, a hint ot
two styles — both are splendid values.
black corded satin belts— a late black velvet pulley belts— made*
and pretty arrival— 2% Inches wide — -with the new pointed back and
each 75c trimmed with gilt brald-each.GOc
interesting news of perfumes
and toilet requisites
first floor — front.
if you want the best perfumes and toilet articles that money will
buy you must get Hudnut's goods. if, on the other hand, you
want the best goods that less money will buy you'll find them in
profusion at this beautiful department.
Cl Palmer's Florida Hudnufs cutlcla
LJ water— per bottle acid for the nails
• £>w 10c 50c
/T i«^ Kirk's violet and Tappan's toilet wat-
/5*=?E/2i£^ rose toilet soaps — per ers— 2 ounce bottles —
<jB jr®"^^ k° x °' l^ ree cakes.... each 23c
v ' He Dr. Glrard's tooth
1 £^ Er W i^JV?*. fancy cut plass powder— per packasj-s
•'"-"JJSytt^^Q atomizers— each.. «5c 10c
HiUxR^i^'yA/ „ . Drummer's samplo
Bull - BJfaStr4 f /v'£xr Bailey s complexion hair brushes— o n 1 y
brushes for beautify- one of a kind— choice
*^ Ing theskln.each.45c l>."»e
our hairdressing department is In charge of Mr. and Mrs. A. F. Cos-
srove. have you seen the new Marcel undulatlngr? the new French
wave ?
sale of knit underwear
first floor — fourth aisle,
our testimony about the underwear now on sale here is worth
something to you. they are not odd lots picked up haphazard on
the market, but they are superior goods made especially for our
public, we have no threatening tenors of higher future prices to
present — but we do submit that we could not duplicate the eoods to
sell at our present prices. - the urgency of present advantage is our
excuse for again asking your attention to the line.
X^^^Vi children's vests — light tan In color, with white- fleecing
«®T*r*y inside— extra heavy— finished with silk binding: on fronts,
pearl buttons and covered seams — sizes 20 to 34. w© hara
j~»k!->>v no pants to match them, so make the price about half—
«B1® Only .... r -....25o
'Ffifc'ir*^ ladles' permlne fleece lined On^ita union suits— the kind
'¦/0/p$wl\ that button across the chest— winter weight— finished
Wtyfis wlth P earl buttons, covered seams, gussets in arms and
'l*9r!P*'?^ wide laps in back— colors, natural gfray and ecru— size*
|||j!if Si/ 3, 4, 5 and S-per suit, only .'. 45c
aHI (!/ ladies' Jersey ribbed non-shrinkingr, wool mixed rests
\\Wy *nd pants— vests are finished with silk shell fronts, pearl
buttons and gussets In aims — pants are made with
V J French bands, wide laps in back and shaped ankles— all
Jfe/ seams are covered— color, silver grray— sizes 4, 5 and fr—
jfk' we have never offered better garments for the prtce^ —
y each only JJOc
Market street, near Sixth, opposite Golden Gate ave.
For a Cold in the Head.
Laxative Bromo-Quinine Tablets.
When taken at the proper time a little Jesse
Moore "AA" whiskey will prevent a cold.
Trunks & traveling bags. Before buying' see
our "bureau trunk." A. D. Smith Co., 128 Ellis.*
Ladles' tailor-made suits, silk skirts, fur
capes; liberal credit. VL Rothschild. 626 Butter.*
<Ncon*osATto tfSxSr Ota t®f KESp
SPECIAL BARGAINS
SATURDAY, MONDAY and TUESDAY
Who Is Interested In savin? MONET and
LESSENING the cost of LIVING? Se« us.
Write to us. Give us a trial order and t>«
CONVINCED.
Granulated Best Cane Sugar, l7|lbs..S!.OO
Spreckels' refining.
Bretonnes Clubs Sardines, large con. ..20c
Best French Imo. Regular 25c.
Finest Creamery Butter, square 40c
Fine Butter Is our motto. Regular Me.
Choice Point Reyes Butter, square... ..33c
Regular 45c.
Best City Egos, dozen .....*0c
From the Mission. Regular 50c.
Petatcma Sfrictly Fresh Eggs, dozen. .25c
Guaranteed. Resular 3Sc
Duffy's Pure Malt WhisVy 75c
Table Fruits, extra quality, 3 cans 50c
New pack Peaches, Apricots, Pears; limit
6 cans. Regular 25c caa.
Mocha and Java Coffee, 4 lbs Sf.00
By special request we again gir« the public »
chance to get the best coffee. Regular 13c la.
Macaroni, Vermicelli, Spaghetti, box..20c
Regular I5c.
J. W. Harper's Whisky, quart bottle..85c
10 rear* old. Regular $1 23*
Ghirardelli's Cocoa, J-lbcan 20c
Limit 2 cans. Regular 25c.
Pure Cai. Olive Oil, qt. bot. 75c
"Warranted El Pearl Farm.
Regular U 00; pt. bot., fx, regular 60c
Baltimore Cove Oysters, 3 cans 23c
Limit « cans. Regular 12>ie can.
Sweet Cakes, Fig Bar, Nic-Nacs, Ib I2jc
Cocoanut Taffy Lemons. Reanlar 2Oc -
New Season's Teas, Ib 40c
* kinds. Regular T3c.
Scotch and Irish Whisky, qt. bot Sl.00
Finest Imp. Edinburgh and Letts.
Regular n 50- Limit 2 bottle*.
Lekko Soap, 4 cakes ; 25c
The only cleaner In the world that cleans
everything. Regular lOo cake.
Renown Cigars, 7 for -«c
Humboldt. Sanchez & Haya. Betmont and
all leading brands, 12Hc size, 10c.
SOLDIER BOYS IN MANILA.
Now Is the time to send a box of groceries
to arrive for Xmas. Steamer leaves In a
fejr days. Packed and shipped to Manila
free.
OUR COUNTRY CUSTOMERS
Can take advantage of these special sales.
We ship free of charge witiun 100 miles.
1348-1354- MARKET STREET.
Opp. Seventh. 'Phone S. ai No Branch Stores.
DRMCNULTY..
TIIIS WEJX-KMOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
.1 8p*cLalUtCT«re*nio<Hl Poison. Jlonorrhee^.d'eei.
Rtrlctuf. seminal Weakness. Impotence ana* 11 '"
allied Disorders. Itook on Dwmm of Me«i «*•.
OTfrS) year^>xperence.T»rm^r^asonnbie. Hour*.
9to3dally;8:30to3.30ev'Rt. Sundars.lOto 12. *--'^"}'
tatlou free and sacredly confidential. Call o*-»d<" e3J
P. RO»COEai«XlJLTY.M.D..
26 Yi Kcamy t»c. Man Frauciaco, * «*
Hale's.
Halo's.
1212-1214 MARKET STREET, $% I 1 ' "l/M
IS Between Taylor and Jonei. T^J \ \ IV,, H'//
IT HHHi^] SjslPSr ¦ Branch Store— lOfi Sixth st. *3 1 ] | ( Wr£jk
Er 'A few good things 1 \ jol
D that'll bring you I Wlf\
§ to us to-day. '* \
I SALE OF MUSLIN UNDERWEAR
a Children's Coats Women's Nh>h+ *>««,„=
Q Children's Automobile Jacketa. sizes 2 „ , ™g«t GOWIIS .;,;•:.;•;
'B ? '^^, TOrth » 15 '' OUR mO AC% fJ % of best muslin, collars and cuff«
H PRICE.* %>^.»*±\J edged with lace, yoke - trimmed with
H Women's Dressing Sacques embroidery, to- days price^tfir*
H •' Red, pink, . blue or eiderdown, hand- .,'^"""""1 * "vrw
¦ crocheted edge .of. worsted, all sizes; Women's Drawers
R PRI^ Bhere - at ?!: .^50C Umbrella style, hemstitched, mad. of
U Will sell to-day' 14 dozen FLANNEL- : resular P rice 5°c. fytS^
a ETTE WRAPPERS, flounced or I'laln, iv-day
H trimmed with braids, waist lined, all Wnmcn'c nnntv...
kd sizes and colors; worth ?1. OUR QST r "Otncn 8 UPBWCP8
H . '*_PI$ICE ;.....'..v.-..UOV Made of best muslin. Loie Fuller style
H SklPtS ' - r <; -' ¦¦ • ruffle neatly tucked and trimmed with
H It you are In need of a skirt pick up *?? v.L a0 DT.r5 :^f mbroIdery - TO "^lflr»
¦ this snap:. ¦ wax s price ,.,m\j^
U Accordeon-plalted Moreen Skirts, all 60 other styles of Nightgowns, Draw-
g colors; regular price $1. TO-BJA^ ero. Skirt Chemise and Skirts, from the
¦ DAY OUR PRICE Is tfVfW cheapest to the best quality. HAVE3
y ' Corsets ' am. been reduced to a special
S Thompson 8tralght-front Corsets, the PRICE FOR TO-DAY'S SALE.
H very newest thing in corsets; $175 HosiePV
i quality. TO-DAY ONLY «lrJ OK *
8 . tJ>i»-^«J Children's Fine Ribbed Red Hose, sizes
Q Flannel Wear .1° 8 * : worth a3c - °£ s 4 L F3Sc
¦ Women's English Flannel Waists. ,'J." '"-,'"'"", X
m waist and sleeves lined; come in all s Fast Black Wool Hose, spliced
i the new shades; sizes 32 toQQ/> hee '» and toes; sold everywhere 3 pairs
1, -46 OOC tor fl. OUR PRICE.. M^ir*
D French Flannel Waists, collar, cuffs ••• ¦•••• Per Pair -^Ow
m and front trimmed ¦ with grold Draid, Women's Fast Black Cashmere Hoa»
I • lined throughout: sold else- CO OS double soles and heels:' sold every-
¦ where at %i. OUR PRICE. «J)^«£/O where at BOc. OUR PRICE QO/>
fl Silk Waists ••• •••• ..Per Pair.... OOC
H Corded front and back, all lined;' come t Chllflren's Ribbed . Wool Hose, double
H In all the fashionable shades; sizes 32 . heels, knees and toes, sizes 6 to 8Vi:
¦ . to U; regular- price Jo. CJO regular price 3 pairs for |LO/</>
? OUR PRICE «J>O«^€> OUR PRICE :.. ...Per Palr^T-C
¦ Special Sale In Women's Overskirts To-day. "Country orders filled.
YOU SEE 'EM ALL RUBBER-
lnrj after our $1.35 Hat.
It's a Hat that excites admira-
tion from those that know stule,
know rjualltUj Know what a real
good Hat Is.
STIFF i SOFT
IN EVERY BLOCK THAT
IS CORRECT
l.OU
UNION LABEL IN EVERY HAT.
Corner Kearny Street and
Union-Square Avenue.