STICKS TO BE HANGED
FOB. THREE MURDERS
Law "Will Avenge the Killing of
Eancjier Shanklin and Mr.
and Mrs. Knapp.
KALASIA. Dec. 19.— Martin Stickel was
to-day found guilty of murder in the first
.degree for the killing of William B.
Ehacklln in November, 1S99, at his home
near Kelso. Shanklin was shot while eat
ing bis eupper and the house was burned
by the murderer. The case was shrouded
in mystery and no clew to the murder
could bj. obtained.
On the evening of November 28. 1900. Mr.
and Mrs. Cornelius Knapp, an aged cou
ple living near Castle Rock, were killed
while at their supper table. It was evi
dent that the same roan had committed
both crimes. The latter murder was
traced to Martin Stickel. who lived on. a
kow near the mouth of the Cowlltz River.
ar.d he was arrested. He maintained his
innocence until confronted with the fact
that his watca and keys had been Identi
rifd as having belonged to Shanklin. the
murdered man. Then he made a confes
eior* of all three murders.
When arraigned in the Superior Court
to-day he pleaded not ruilty. The defense
attempted to prove that the man bad in
herited a criminal disposition to^the'ex
- tent that he was not accountable for his
f aV-tlons. His mother testified that - be-'
fore his birth 'she was mad at everybody
ar.d that the child was born sick and was
always unnatural.
The Jury was out but one hour. The
priBocer was sentenced by Judge Miller to
be hanged on a date to be hereafter fixed.
be certainbutthat only four people,; two
couples,' including the" bride, compoaed
the party who took 'the' carriage, for Pas
tori's.'' He had' testified before that 'there
were, three"; couples,'". but.-'he ¦'-.wished* to
modify that j statement. -,,-.; ' % ;¦'.'*? '¦'.
"What kind of a rig; was It' you" de
livered ?" asked Mr! MagUire. » ' ' '<•£<¦"£
"I think It was a-three^seater,' althouKh
they usually' tised a broad- two-seated .'ri5
on these . nights escapades. '/" I cannot be
sure which was taken on .this 1 trip." ;'
"To whom , was thel rig charged ?"
"I do not know. ;" I did: not charge; It.
At the stable It | was . understood that • It
was for the Baron's party." " ' .' ¦ •¦
"You testified' to" nanglhg on at : the" rear
end-of ,one r of .the. rigs": WsT!lt returned "to
the hotel. 7 Which. rig .was i it ?".,,; Y
"The onenthe Baron .was; In— the one I
had delivered and was to receive again at
the same; place." V. ¦':'¦''
* "Why 'did you: not let .-them know you
were hanging on and take charge of the
team at McAllister's, corner?", ",
"I supposed they wanted to drive up. to
Bell. avenue, where they 'had received !the
team and where the bride and her sister
were waiting. '- The night, was; cold and I
had walked down toward the corner when
I met the rig returning and caught on be
hind in order to be at the appointed place
to take cha' rge "of the -team." ' ;
: . The witness . said , the Baron did . not
know he was hanglng.on. r ,.- •
I'The Baron ;canh6t\ see* very well at
night," he said. ;,- •
¦ "Do you" remember. 'what- team you took
out that night?" •-;' '.*;":"' . : •-'.¦
" "No,- 1 Ido: hot remember , exactly. It
was one of the . oid livery -teams, Baf e to
drive at; night.". ¦ ' ".
"Did -you ;aro p - up .to'* the' hotel .with the
ladles?''--,;. : , •:'.•.. ¦"¦ . '; . / .''.':•¦ :
• "Not clear to the ; hotel. -. I walked along
beside ' the ; carriage perhaps half way up
Watt avenue to the hotel." y ;
"Where was ; the ' other r rig while jou
walked ¦ along "¦ toward the hotel ?" asked
.'Preston.-'' . ¦il-\:-l : ''
-' "I left - it standing], and % started , to .. go
along : , if assistance ; should l be 1 needed ; to
gefUhe.lady into Uhe 5 hotel." But Baron,
Alexis climbed into ; thV* tea ' cart -they '
were riding In : and ¦ they: drove along ; so
fast I could not' keep up, : so' I ¦ went'.back,
got mi' team and returned to the stable,".;
OPENS A FEW
MORB JACKROTS
Mrs. War Heidi;; Orders 1 iLlghts;
Piit^Out/^^^W^aniGppws *.
indianant. \ '.'-¦
: Carl Schaubye, at waiter, now^at the^ Ho- ;
teliPleaBahton^who^was'e^pioyed at : the*
liotel Rafaer from IMarch to" October,' 1899,"j
and' again - iri "May.' f June*, and ' July^of ¦ this
year^Vas called j to" the" ; withess^ stand. \*
"Did .you? see/ the h Baron often-.! in the^
'clubhouse?'.*' •¦ ; ,v - ""n- , - . * vv;^?
t : ;";-VOften.v"; ..¦;¦.'./* :"V;:r^^V.. l -"- ; ''" " v' •.•'• "' . •
i' "How was,he;occupied',at times^"
i :,.VPlaylng|card»VV''V--''V*'*X'Ci''-o»v' ;
'.''"Whatfgame was .usually, played ?" ;
, ...VPoker.". :. .'. *\.- ; ; ... ,V.'. ? ;"^ 1. ¦._•:-_- ... ¦-'.,.- ., ¦.. \
¦-¦ '.'How ,^of ten . did . ,the - Baron and * his
friends play poker?"^ . , ; , ; - .»
and then 'give* your testimony a^ you have
given It' here to-day and It would be all
rfeh't?;' , ,
"The Baron knew two months ago what
my testimony would be and I have waited
on him- since then."
COOING MATCH
: IN THE MAZE
Barbitland. Companion Beat LoYe
¦¦ - ; lorh ! Swain ani Girl to :
." "./the Bench. J?iy§*
Thomas -Flaherty was called. He was
employed' at- Robinson's stable in lST«8-and'
1899. v.
¦•¦' "Did- ""you ever deliver teams, to the-
Hotel : Rafael?" \" * .
"Yes.. At the hotel and the clubhouse."
" "When" would you deliver them?"
'.'.'At: about 8 o'clock, and the rigs would
usually v return at 1 . to 3 o'clock in the
morning."
. ."Have you ever seen the Baron in the
grounds with women?"
• "Yes."
V;''What was his conduct?"
. "I saw him with one woman and he had
his arm around her."
"What time of night?"
¦_ "Eleven or 12 o'clock."
"How often did you see him thus."
/'Three, or* four times." ,
"Was the lady with him his wife?" .
"She was not."
• "Do, you 'know of any occasions when
the' Baron ' and his friends were drink
ing?" .
"Yes, often." . - v
"Any particular occasion?"'
.VOne night I. was waiting down the hill
200 or' 300 feet j from : the clubhouse and I
heard a noise, in 'the clubhouse. I could
hear.; billiard cues and bottles falling on
.the - floor. - I went up ; and _ looked in . and
saw the 'crowd throwing bottles around."
.• "Did-, you sometimes deliver teams to
the Baron and his^rlendsr*
"I^dld. '¦- '¦'¦'. . -
"What was the condition of the; women
when these parties would return from the
ride's?" ¦"•- v .
"Often they were, Intoxicated." .
-"What "was the [ Baron's conduct toward
them?"; _'¦;,:>.' -.. : . y. :' .>.•;• - :
. : . "bhly talking to them and sometimes he
would: throw his arms . around them."
•."Did you ever see the Baron in the
maze . in the hotel ': grounds ?"
. vi f did." ¦, v ---:-* %
• "When .was 1 tha t?"
t {'.'In '99 or : '9S; I^o not remember 'den-'
nitely.".— •'¦ - .•'•'- .
.'»* "Tell '; the .'circumstances of that occur
rence.". . 'V -
"I was walking In the maze with a girl
and ¦ saw; the Baron and ¦ a.' lady • sifting on
the -bench. . I' was trying to get the bench
He was .there -first."
.' ''What was their position?'*.
."Hel had : his " right arnVaround her, the
other hand oh her . bosom and • his cheek
'< against her's." /' - ' -:
;¦ •'¦Was the lady, his wlfer* ;"
C"She,was not."
! V'Didj; you ever see him ro Into "the
tower?" HBB^^W
| . "I did."
"What occurred?"
! "It was i dark and I could hot see.**,.
[ "Was^he^alohe?"
"Up till 2 or 3 o'clock in the-.mornlng.V j
"""What was the latesr you 'remember to ¦
have seen them play ?/ ',[ ./ % -A
"The latest. was 4 o' clock In the morn
ing." ; ¦ ':...•-'.¦. .¦'.' :' - -.. ¦ .:.'¦' .
. "Don't name the women, but who were
there?" ¦ -. ¦.;;>„ '. it, •,.. . '-. .¦," ¦
"The plaintiff, the Baron. Alexis; two
other men and_ a -lady." •.',;. X ¦- ¦ .....-". -
! "Did you hear what v was 'said; to the
Baron by a servant about lights?"
At 3 o'clock I came and toll the
Baron that Mrs. Wnrflelti' anld the
Ilnrhtn mant be pnt ont. The lady
Krevr very! In difrnant and all^ Insist
ed, that the llsrhtH xhnnld not be imt
outi ..A quarter of in hour' later I
enme back nud ao.lt! tbatiMni. , Wnr
fleld Initiated on the HfrhtfT being pot
out.'. .The Baron .said It would be
nil rlKh t, to let them play three or
four Jnckpotn and they.nonld goto
bed. ; ,
. ': '.'What.- ; was the condition . of the • lady ¦
who protested?" .
"She was Intoxicated." 1
"Do you remember of one < -occasion
when wine was bet?" - ,
"Yes;'once In'the;barroom of the club
house, both;men and women being there.
They took an empty, champagne bottle
and struck it on Ithe'floor, trying to break
it. ; Each took a. turn at it." . -
."Were the doors open?",
''. "i;,pulled down the blinds and closed
the doors." . . a . • • _ , ¦:
"This was -the ' clubhouse intended for
general". use.". ¦'
"Yes." '¦'¦•'..'¦¦ ¦ ';/Vc^- ;
"And . It i was about . 11 o'clock In the
: . "Was. there a . particular .woman to
whom the Baron was attentive on, various
occasions?" * :
. '.'There, was.*.'
': "What was their conduct . as to drlnk
ing?". . \" ¦'¦¦- ; v'- "¦¦'¦ ¦ : '- - -¦¦: ¦;¦/
' "The' Baron : did ) not . usually drink very
much In the clubhouse. The. women often
drank too' much." ; ' V'
"j On r- cross-examination witness denied
that he . had received any money from de
fendant: ; •
¦'."Have you stated; that you Intend to go
to Germany ' shortly ?"
" /'Have you stated that, you expect \to
get money enough: out of ,thls caseTto take
youj back to Germ any?", f;
-. ."No; I have not."^'
Witness ' denied that ; anything ; had been
said at any oi his four. visits to Mr. Leake
about money or paymen? for his i time.
"/."Did ' you know that Bernard Peters had
gormoney?"'; '-. " • : K-i
"I ¦ believe" I knew then that he . had got
some; money ', for. expenses, in hunting up
evidence.'.'" . .-,; -¦:'._[ ;, -
"You did not [expect; to-be paid for your,
time or trouble in coming here to testify?";
-; VNo; sir; I did not," "'¦. • i
k : : "Have' you*; ever '¦ been : known ' as Jen
•sen?".; ¦ ::': -y,~' ; ~.i' l \.- : ; , . ¦ ' ,<-y\,
VYes.' People cannot remember the
name : Schaubye, . * and * 'sometimes I-itell
them \ my; name : Is Jensen, aa ; that ' Is : part
of lt:v '--¦: y^-i^-'L ±t* .". '[¦ ' '^-,'-"::-.:
"Have you ever, been'known as Otto?" r .
- "Yes, that : Is a part [of my name also—"
Carl Otto Jensen Schaubye, "and ' I : have
several Cifriore" besides."^ ." ;//..;:
'.'Did you .call ' at : Baron von • Schroeder's
office recently?" . ~'l
\v-iTN*Es5r^*'jt&BC.ftTBE TO- THE JUI1'." ; I>:^f^a^m&4^^SS^IHE*'Vbx* '
~ * SCHROEDER , SUIT 'iPpR " LIBEL 1 r SCENEg"?X*fi3^8#$&fl>EJirTS "WHICH
BROUGHT SHAMEfAN^SCANDAC TO;THB'HbTEii RAFAEL.
Clubhouse Revelry.
i'- "No, a woman was with him. He had
| his arm around her."
On cross-examination the witness said
that he had often walked. up to the hotel
grounds w^th a lady. He was with her
when he heard the -noise qCbllllnrd v cu«£»
rcppir'flr **n"th» floor'^It wart or 2 o'clock
In the morning..
, "How ' many men were - there In the
party?"
"Three or four."
4 'How many women ?T*.* t j f. ;
"Two."
''Who was the young lady who was with
you?" asked Magulre.
Preston objected, and Mr. Gallagher of
plaintiff's counsel . wanted Maguire to
withdraw the question. Witness squirmed
in his chair and said he would not tell her
name. The court said . it 'was proper
cross-examination If counsel insisted upon
It Magulre finally consented to with
draw the question.
"How did you happen to be a witness
In this case?" asked Masulre.
."Mr. • Boyd and another gentleman
came to the Golden Gate stables and
asked -what I knew about the case."
« -Witness had received no offer of money.
except witness fees, nor had been offered
a place." :
"Did you see the plaintiff breax any
glasses that night in the clubhouse?"
- "I did."
•"How many?"
"I could not, tell whether he broke only
one -or several." . '-.
"How did he break It?"
"He swept it oft the table with hia
hand or the 'cue. I am not sure which."
"Did you say you saw him break any
bottles?"
- s "Yes. He threw bottles on the floor
trying to break them."
"More than one?"
•*I am not sure' It was not the same bot
tle each time."
"You saw the plaintiff going into tha
tower?"
"Yes, : sir." ¦
'"There is a stair leading to the top ot
Witness was dismissed and the noon rev
cess was taken.' «£*fcJS*9
SCENE ON HILL
BACK OF HOTEL
Jonn Balleuj Walter, Stumbles
Upon Baron and Female
; Companion!
John Bailer /was called at the begin
ning of the afternoon session. Mr. Pres
ton cautioned him hot to . mention th»,
names of women in his testimony. He has
been a hunter, a guide and a waiter. Ha .
was employed at ' the Hotel Rafael aa a
waiter in the dining-room during the
summer of 1838. ¦
" . VDld you ever see the plaintiff and a
woman guest of the hotel together on a
hill back of the hotel V "'
"Had you seen them that day, before?"
. "Yes, ' at lunch and again at dinner. "
"And between' that time yo« saw them
at lunch and the time you saw them at
dinner, you saw them together, on the hill
a mile back of the hotel?"
"Yes." _•¦."-"_%
Magulre Interposed an objection and the
answer was stricken out and counsel ar
gued upon the admlsslbllity of .the testi
mony! '.Preston reframed the 'question to
"How is the ; hill reached V
V'By. an unfrequented : road."
¦ "Is It within > m. distance . ordinarily
reached by strollers •; from ' the hotel?"
¦. "Yes. It is about a mile and a quarter
awar-^ASHMi
• "What peculiar actions did yo« o^~
William H. Jewell \ was recalled at the
beginning of the morning session arid Yon
direct examination said that he would hot
Some More Testimony About tne
Escapades ,bf Pastorl^s '
scandal of an evil Hfe^ had; been made.
The Call closed Its" defense.*
BRINGS BRIDE
HOME IN CART
A •".. ' CLIMAX was reached yesterday
M\^ '-' in the suit for libel instituted by
JhJL Baron J. H. von Schroeder
_l^\^ against The Call. The defense
™» ™ of . this paper was submit. ed.
Its testimony was completed
and the presentation of the facts offered
In justification of the article, character
ized as libelous, was closed. * Perhaps the
most important witness of the day was
John D. Spreckels,' the proprietor of The
Call. He testified that he had absolutely
no thought of malice for Baron von
Schroeder. He declared that he-knew
Baron von Shroeder casually, enough to
bow to him in passing, to salute him. In
places of general meeting and to express
the customary greeting between men.
With Karon von Schroeder the proprietor
of this paper declared that he had never
had any business transaction, no quarrel
and no occasion for ill feeling.' There ww
nothing In their relations to Inspire a
I feeling of malice.
Mr. Spreckels declared that he knew
nothing of the alleged libelous article un
til he read it in The Call. He had be»sn
absent from the city, a week or more be
fore the publication of the article and had
not been consulted In reference to It.
When he read the article and. saw In an
evening newspaper the dubiously phrased
denial of R. H. Warneld he determined
to make a searching inquiry and learn
whether or not his instructions to the
manager of The Call to Investigate and
absolutely verify every article tiTore
publishing it had been obeyed.
The result of this inquiry was deeply
significant. Mr. Spreckels testified that
he had several Interviews with R. H.
Warneld. who informed him that the arti
cle published. In The Call was true; that
every fact presented was without exag
geration.
More than this, R. H. Warneld declared
that he had written his quasi denial sim
ply to protect himself from Baron von
Schroeder, from whom he sought to se
cure a release from his obligations as
lessee of the Hotel Rafael. Warttadd de
clared In these- interviews that he feared
the Baron would refuse .to grant the re*
lease If tho formal denial was not writ--
¦5 Going still : farther ¦ Warneld ¦; declared
,thnt .from several' sources he. was con
vinced that the charges made In The Call
were true'Jhd had represented to the pub
lic the facts which had injured his busi
ness as lessee of the Hotel Rafael.' Baron
von Schroeder, through his attorney, had
Bought to Induce him to deny the truth of
the published article, but he could not in
honesty do so. ¦
With these facts In his possession the
proprietor of The Call declared that he
was assured that the published article
should neither be retracted nor; piodlfled.
While he was testifying the attorney for
Von Schroeder made every possible at-:
tempt to prevent the introduction of his
evidence. The plaintiff had adopted these
tactics of obstruction for the entire day.
The testimony offered by other wit
nesses was of the most sensational char
acter. Some of it waS> of such a shock
ing nature that It cannot be published.
The notoriously immoral life of Baron von
Schroeder was pictured so In the matter
of fact recital of evidence that even , the
morbidly curious crowd that listened was
stunned into silence and the scene reached
the evil dignity of a moral tragedy, the
Incidents of which cannot, in public de
cency, be reproduced nor even suggested.
One witness was placed upon the stand
and .the court and jury listened to. the
story of actions that, made night hideous
at the Hotel Rafael. It was "the stcry
of the conduct of drunken . men and
women gambling throughout the : hours of
the night, roystering, singing, shouting,
wagering in disgraceful hazards and call-
Ing upon themselves the rebuke of those
In whose keeping was the reputation and
the prosperity of the hotel.' "While the
reputable guests of the hotel were asleep
Baron yon Schroeder and his intoxicated
men and women friends were holding
high carnival In the clubhouse. -^V;
They were gambling at poker, the lights
were blazing from, the windows, drunken
voices were raised in excitement and in
the recklessness of liquor. Glasses were
smashing and from the custodian of the
hotel's welfare came the command to
cease ana put out the lights. The com
mand was. disobeyed. Baron" yon
Schroeder answered It with the announce
ment that a few more "Jackpots" were to
be played and then It was 4 o'clock in the
morning.
And then the scene changed from
smashing , bottles, games of /poker, / male
and female Indecency in the darkness of
the night to the light of day, to -other
scenes of immorality, to other grbssnes3,
to assignations in the gardens of ; the"
hotel,*- to .. clandestine meetings In . tho
tower flaunted 'in the faces of men and
women who had reputations to lose.
Throughout It all the attorney of Baron
von Schroeder "interposed . his objections.
When an effort was made through a wit
ness to prove another justification of the
alleged . libelous. article Von '- Schroeder's
attorney objected and carried his point.
A witness whose duty he ; said is to put
out ; from ; a . local . hotel . immoral -> women,"
fires ¦ and ; thieves attempted to show also
that he had put out immoral. men. ;The
attorney -for. Baron von Schrbeder ' ob-,
Jec ted 'and "carried his point with an' eager- 1
ness .which: his purpose probably .'justified!'
T And then"; with evidence ; to prove,' that no'
malice' had 1 dictated Its publication; of the'
alleged 1 -, libelous , article, that ' verification
-of.,'. the -truth of : the assertions , had* been
given i byj the man ; best . qualified" to : know,
and that every endeavor to investigate the
"Two of. three, times 'a. week.'.'
"Now, be careful to mention no names,
but tell us if there were women at these
games." - .
. : ;'There were.",;
"How late would they play?"
"Why did you go there?"
"I had been discharged from the Hotel
Rafael, and I thought he had a wrong im- \
pression." ...,¦_
"You thought you could clear that away
Testimony, the Suppression of % Which Public DecenGy Demands, Is Given at the Trial
of His Suit for Damages and Libel Against The Call, in Court at San Rafael.
This^Paper Closes Its Defense With Evidence to Prove That the Article in Controversy
'Was True, That It Wa's.;Without Malice and Was Also Adequately Verified.
Copjrigfcted. 190O. by the Curtis Publishing Co.
PHILADELPHIA. Dec. 19.-Former
President Grover Cleveland contributes to
this week's Issue of the Saturday Even
ing Post of Philadelphia an extended arti
cle on the plight of t,he Democracy and
the remedy. Mr. Cleveland begins by re
viewing the history of the party, and he
discusses its defeats since 1S64 in detail.
In taking up the question of the present
conditions of the Democracy, he says that
the success or tne party in 1SS2 was 60 de
cisive and overwhelming that a long con
tinuance of its supremacy was antici
pated. Then came the "fallacy of free
silver and Populism."
Mr. Cleveland proceeds as follows:
"The culmination of Democratic woe
was reached when Its compact with these
undemocratic forces was complete, and
when our rank and file were summoned to
do battle under banners which bore
strange symbols and wnlch were held
aloft in unfamiliar hands. The result of
such a betrayal was foredoomed. This
abandonment of the principles of true
Democracy, this contemptuous disobedi
ence of its traditions and this deliberate
violation of the law of its strength and
vig-or were by a decree as inexorable j as
those of fate followed by the inevitable
punishment of stunning, staggering de
feat.
"The disaster of 1S72. invited by. similar
mad adventure, was quickly followed., by
a return *o the profession's: and. practices,
of sane Democracy. But^the-. extent and
persistence of our wanderings In 1S3« is
Illustrated In a most astounding way by
the command, issued on the day of . our
rout and discomfiture, that a second bat
tle should be fought on the same field,
with the same false war cries and the
same leadership that had brought us to
the surrounding gloom of defeat.
"Thus In 1900. the lesson of 1ST<|. was con
temptuously rejected, and every hope of
Democratic success was willfully cast
aside. Again our long-suffering rank and
file, whose loyalty and obedience de
served better things, were sacrificed in a
cause theirs only In name, and again it
was demonstrated, but more /Nearly than
ever before, that the only forces that can
win Democratic success are adherence to
recognized Democratic principles and re
liance upon Democratic counsels and lead
ership.
"Why should we not return to these and
Jn their name again achieve victories no
leps glorious and renowned than were ours
in the days of courageous advocacy of our
time-honored faith? Are our principles so
shopworn or antiquated as to require ren
ovation or their displacement by others
more fashionable? There is not an honest
Democrat in this broad land that will not
concede these, nor is there one who will
not hall the proclamation of the old faith
with that fighting enthusiasm that beto
kens Democratic triumph. As new condi
tions arise our principles must be applied
to them, but in the creed that ha* guided
us through a century of party existence
we shall find the key to every- such appli
cation; nor shall we need the lexicon of
Populism to aid us iff interpreting this
Further on he declares:
"I believe no Democrat will have the
hardihood to deny that we have fought
our last two campaigns in alliance with
undemocratic forces and that this alliance
was Immensely costly in defeat. Is there
not good reason to suppose that even In
success Buch an alliance I would have
proved unprofitable and dangerous?"
He preaches the return 'of 'Democracy
to its old faith, saying:
"Sincere Democrats of every condition
and in every part of the land realize that
the situation of the party needs ¦ repair.
Reorganisation is not necessary,, but a
return. from our wandering is absolutely
essential. Let us be frank with ourselves
and candidly acknowledge the futility of
attempting to gain Democratic ' victories
except in the Democratic cause and
through Democratic methods. Reorgan
ization is worse than. useless, and the ar
rogation of superior party virtue 7 will
breed only mischief. This is a time: for'
sober thought, tolerant language and fra
ternal counsels. We are dealing with the
condition. of a party that cannot ; be de
stroyed by "external' foes, and, since its
ruin can be wrought only from within. It
should be imperishable. Above all things
there should be a manly renunciation and
avoidance of undue sectional control
Democracy will not operate efficiently on
sectional lines.
"There Is much for us to do, and the
future Is full of Democratic duty and op
portunity. Our fighting forces will re
epond listlessly and falterlngly. if
moned to a third defeat In a strange
cause, but if they hear the rallying c*al\
of true Democracy they, will gather ' for,
battle ' with the old time* Democratic *en-^
thusiasm and courage. ' «
"If I should attempt, to epitomize what !
I have written, by suggesting a. plan for
the rehabilitation . and ¦ restoration 'of i true
Democracy I should embody it. In these'
words: , 'Give the rart a»£ ?^» T~ c 5 j£.«:ce.' "
Return From Wandering Bnder the Ban
ners of Strange Symbols Abso-
Declares the Party Needs
Repair, but Not Re
organization.
Writes of Fallacy 61
Free Sitter and
Populism.
CLEVELAND'S
REMEDY FOR
DEMOCRACY
OMAHA. N'eb.. Dec. 20.— The fifteen
year-old son of Edwin Cudahy, who dis
appeared from his home in Omaha Tues
day evening and for whom the police have
been searching sines his disappearance,
returned at 1:30 o'clock this morning. At
the time of his return two policemen were
en (ruard at the house but did not know
anything about the boy's reappearance
Witil one of the family came out and told
them that their services were dispensed
-with, that Eddie had returned. The offl
cfrs inquired for particulars, but none ot
the family would make a statement ex
cept to say that a full statement would be
made in the morning.
The pchce are of the opinion that the
bey was not abducted, but ran away and
returned home of hi* own volition.
Mrs. Cudahy stated, however, that her
ton had been abducted, but had been
tr^&ied kindly and was all right.
Thope who have been working on the
case and who are in a position for inside
information are of the opinion that the
young man had had a quarrel with some
member of the family and took this means
of seeking revenge.
The mortal strain through which Mr.
And Mrs. Cudahy have passed since the
disappearance of their son was telling on
them. Mr. Cudahy has almost totally
collapsed for the time being, and Mrs.
Cudahy is feeling the effects of her anx
iety to a remarkable degree.
Toung Cudahy left home at 8 o'clock
Tuesday night to take some books to the
r*«i-d*£j-e o* C»ptairt BiiEiia, - a&cut two
block* Clstar.t. and that was' the last seen
of him. A« midnight arrived and he did
rot return the police were notified and
•two detectives were detailed to work on
the case.
It. was not until nearly 9 o'clock yester
day morning, however, that the matter
began to assume a really serious aspect.
At that hour a man on horseback rode
¦rapidly by the Cudahy mansion, and as he
passed the front pate threw a letter Into
the yard. A servant who saw him took
the letter into the house, where It was
read. It eaid in substance:
"Mr. E. A. Cudahy: Your eon Is safe.
We have him and will take good care of
him and will return him to you in consid
eration of the payment of $2o.OOO. We mean
business. — * JACK."
Thp remainder of the note the police at
present refuse to disclose, as they say it
rolatr-s to the place where the money is to
be left and where the kidnapers are to
leave the boy In case Mr. Cudahy com
ities with their terms. The «?ervajit who
fair, the nan on horseback was able to
pive a good dfscription of him, and this
is the clew upon which the police are
we r king at present.
IXirir.g the day Mr. Cudahy sent tele
gram? to cities throuchout the country
far and.ne-'ir, each of which gave a de
scription cf the boy. The youth la
described as 15 years of age. weight 120
jiourdf. heUrht five f*»et eljrht inches, com
plexion light, nose retrousse. He wore a
pray suit of clothes and a black overcoat
¦with Mack velvet collar.
E. A. Cudahy last night telegraphed his
brother, illchael Cudahy. of Chicago, to
eend a force of Plnkerton detectives to
this city at once and they are expected to
arrive here some time to-morrow, when
they will be put to work on the case. The
entire force cf a local detective ag%ncy
£ja& all the available local detectives have
fdso been started on the search.
For a Time the Millionaire Packer of
Omaha Employs Many Hen in
an Excited Search.
Police Believe the Youth
Runs Away After a
Quarrel.
Boy's Mother Says
He Is Kidnaped
for Ransom.
CUDAHY'S
SON LOST
AND FOUND
BARON VON SCHROEDER MADE THE HOTEL
RAFAEL A DOMINION OF IMMORALITY
SAN FRANCISCO,* THURSDAY, v DECEMBER 20, liXK).
VOLUME LXXXIX-XO. 20.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
PRICE FIVE XXENTSv*A.— Yes.
Q. — And he was well known to you?
A.— Yes, sir.
Mr. Delmas— The witness is with you. gentle
men.
•Witness Cross-Examined.
Mr. Maguire: Q. — Mr. Spreckels, you say
you are the proprietor as well as the publisher
of The San Francisco Call?
A.— Yes, sir.
¦Q.— Are you engaged in other businesses?
A.— Yes, sir.
Q. — In what businesses are you engaged aa
proprietor; what other businesses? ! ¦ "
A.— Well, I am . engaged in the sugar busi
ness, the steamship business, commission busi
ness ¦¦• ¦ . y
Q. — (Interrupting.) In the commission busi
ness? \
A.— Yes. sir.
Q.— Are you the owner of any hotels?
A.— Yes. sir. ,
Q.— What hotels do you own?
A.— The Coronado Hotel.
-' Q. — The Coronado Hotel?
A.— Yes, sir; I do not own it myself, but with
my brother, we each own a half interest in it.
Q.— You and ycur brother are the proprietor*
Of the . Coronado Hotel ?
. A.— Yes. sir. , - . ¦
Q.— Where is that hotel situated? . ..
"A. — In'San Diego County. • • \ •-
~Q.— At Coronado Beach,' California? . . .
::• A.— Tea;, sir. ... ..- -~, .:.:.' *""•¦'"
Q.— It is a large hotel there, is it not? +
A.— Yes, air. - ' _, . .
Q. — And a summer resort? • - . - ¦
A.— Yes. sir. • ,
Q.— It is a pleasure' resort?
.A.-Ye*. sir.
q:— And a health resort?
A.— Yes. sir. It is all of those things.
O. — Are you familiar with the Hotel . Rafael
In this city?
A.— I am not.
Q.— You have seen It, have you not?
A.— I have entered the hotel out once in my
life.
Q.— What is that? ¦ -.^V.-i^V '.
A.— I have only been In the hotel once In my
life, and that was a great many years ago.
Q.— You were there once?
A.— Yes,' sir. -¦
Q.— You know it to be a summer resort?
A.— Yes. sir.
Q. — A large and commodious place?
A. — Yes, I believe it Is a good sized hotel.
Q.— The patronage of the Hotel Rafael and
the patronagf? of the Hotel del C&ronado are
very much the same, are they not, the same
character of people?
A. — In what respect? . ! -.
Q. — The same character, of people generally.
» A.— Well, I don't know; I never was a resi
dent of the Hotel San Rafael, so I can't say
as to that.
Q. — But you know the general character of
the two hotels.
A. — Well. I think the Coronado Hotel de
pends principally upon its winter patronage.
Q.— But you know the character of the two
hotels? ¦• •• •
A.— Well. I think the Coronado Hotel de
pends principally upon Kastern visitors who
Come there ' In the winter time.- - - • '
. Q.— But a great many Calif ornlans patronize
it, do they not?
A.— Yes. sir. In the summer time.
Q.— In the summer time?
A. — Ye's, sir.
Q.— It is patronized in the winter time by
people who come there from colder climates?
A.— Yes, sir.
Q.— From the East and elsewhere?
A.— Yes, sir. .
. -. Warfleld's Letter Again.
Q.— When you talked -with General' Warfleld
about his letter published in the Bulletin on
the 25th of October, 1S99, he told you that he
had signed the letter for the reason that you
nave stated? -
A. — Yes, sir.
. Q. — And he told you at the same time that
he had modified that original letter presented
to hlm?-
A.— No. I did not so testify; I-qald that It
waa subsequent.
Q.— Oh, that It was at a subsequent Inter-'
view that he. had said that? .......
A.— Yes, sir.
Q.— How long after the first? :
Mr. Delmas— Now, if your Honor please, the
learned .jcounsel . has, very unintentionally, of
course, made Mr. Spreckels assent to a state
ment which he never- made. Mr. Bpreckals
never said that he' modified it: he said that
General War field bad refused to sign It.
The Court— Well. Mr. Spreckels ha« stated
now that he never so stated.
. Mr. Ma«ulr» — He stated that that occurred
at a subsequent interview.
Mr. Delmas— No, sir, that tbat did occur, not
that he modified it . ¦•
. The Court— Mr. Spreckels has already stated
that he did not so state.
Mr. Maguire — I want to say that I don't caxa
anything about that, whether he stated that
he modified it or insisted' that It should be
changed.
Mr. Delmas— He did not Insist that It be
changed.
The Court— Mr. Spreckel* himself corrected It.
Mr. Delmaa— Very well. •
" Mr. Mayuire: Q.— Mr. Bpreckels, was any
thing said at that first Interview on the 2i5th
Of October about General Warfleld' s having
objected to the phraseolosy of ' another letter
that was drafted by somebody?
A. — Not at that time, buyat a subsequent
meeting.
• Q.— Well, I will come to that meeting pres
ently. You testified, as I understood you. that
General Warfleld called attention to the fact
at that time that his letter." as- published in
the Bulletin, did not deny the truth of the
story aa published in The. Cell, but slrnjiy
•tated that be had no .knowledge of th* toM*
that the thing was* tru» of hi* own knawled**?
•¦ Mr. Delmas— Of his own. personal knowledge.
- Mr. Magulre — Of his own knowledge. I think
that was the language of Mr. Spreckels. and
that I think, is more accurate than Mr. Leake's
recollection.
The witness— "Well. I am statins it from
recollection: I could not use his exact words.
. Q.— Was tbat the purport of what he said?
- A.— Yes. _ _
' Q.— And that statement was mad* by W*r-
Celd to you? . - -
A.— Tes. sir.
Q.—On the—
A. (Interrupting:)— On the I6th.
Q. — On the 28th of October, 1S33? •
A.— Yes. sir.
Q.— Did he say to you at that ttma h* had
no personal knowledge of the fact or that he
knew nothing personally of .the facts? A
A.— No. sir. he did not personally so state.
He said that, in substance, the article wm
true.
Q.— But did he say at that time that ha
had no personal knowledge of the facts?
Had to Write Denial." '- ? *'
A. — Xo. he did not so state. He said that,
in substance. *the article was true, but that
he had to write this denial so as to make it
possible to be released from the lease.
Q.— And did he call your attention to the
fact' that the letter (tated that he did not
have personal knowledge, 'or that the thing
was untrue, so far as his personal knowledge
was concerned ?
Mr. Delmas— He did not say that.
The Court— Do you understand that question,
Mr. Spreckels?
A. — Well, it is rather complicated, but I can
state and reiterate what Mr. Warfleld did say
to me and that will make it plain.
Mr. Magulre — You say he called your atten
tion to the fact at that time that h9 did not
in this letter, in his letter that was published
in the Bulletin, deny absolutely the truth of
The Call's story, but only saKl that so far
as his knowledge went —
Mr. Delmaa (Interrupting) — Now, you , are
reading from the letter and the witness has
not testified from this letter. . . ¦ , *
Mr. Maguire— He has said he called his at
tention to something in the letter.
The Court— Judge Magulre is now asking th«
witness whether, at thla interview on the 26th
of October. General Warfleld so stated to ! hlm.
Mr. Magulre: Q.— You say he called your at
tention to the form of his statement in the let
ter, didn't he?
A.— The article Itself was not at hand, but
I asked htm concerning his denial.
Q.— Yes? . - . - .
A.— And why, he made It.
Q.— Yea? ' . - . -
A.— And he told me that he had to maka
that denial, otherwise he was afraid that the
Baroj»»would fro back on his agreement to re-
Continued on Page Three.
Proprietor of The Call Hal No
Malice Toward the
Plaintiff..
John D. Bpreckels, the defendant, was
Andrew Ackerpreen was called. Wit-'
r.ess taid he lived in San FYanclsco . and
had been a night watchman it the Palace
Hotel for ten years under three different
managements. Mr. Dt-lmas conducted the
examination. He asked:
"Whet is the nature -of your duties
there?" . .
"To keep out disreputable women and
drunken men and to look out for fires."
"Were you at the hotel on the night of
October 10. 1S99?"
"I was."
"Was your attention called to any Im
propriety that nlgrht?" . .
Magt^re interposed an objection on the
ground that the place was remote from,
tbe scene of the occurrences referred to
in the article alleged to be llbelous.
Delmas contended that the testimony
was admissible, as he sought to produce
evidence directed toward that portion of
the article alleged to be iibelous In which
it was stated that the Baron was now free
to conduct his hotel as he saw fit and in
a position to eave his brother from being
kicked from any more hotels.
"The Jury will be instructed," said
Judge Angellottl." vthat the defendant
need establish the truth of those state
ment* only which are directed at the
plaintiff."
Delm&s argued that the statement re
ferred to would .be used as showing
malice. cn> the contention that the de
fendant had made a wanton attack upon
the plaintlfTs brother. '
The court held that the Instructions to
the Jury would remove any misapprehen
sion on that point and sustained the ob
jection, refuging to let the Palace Hotel
episode be exploited in testimony. r .-
ANOTHER STORY
IS SUPPRESSED
Storu or Ejecting a Guest
Is Not Allowei in -
Evidence.
PALACE HOTEL
CUT OUT OF IT
eerve between the plaintiff and his com
panion?"
Magulre objected, but the court ruled
that the question should be answered.
"Tell the jury what you saw. Use gen
eral terms."
"I was taking a stroll after lunch-
About t/iree-quarters of a mile from the
hotel I' Paw a horse with bupgy hitched
to the fence. 1 climbed over the fence
and walked on. and up the hillside under
tome trees I taw the Baron and a lady.
Witness described the conduct of these
two in general terms, but the testimony
is unfit for publication. He continued:
"I went on along th© road and about
twenty minutes later came back and the
two were gone and the horse and buggy
¦were gone. I eaw the two again at din
ner."
Witness With a Memory.
On cross-examination witness said he
had been a hunter for eight years and at
present was hunting at Los IJanos. He
had worked occasionally wlth'n that time
as a waiter at the University Club and
Palace and Pleasanton hotels. For three
years he had occasionally hunted terrapin ',
ancrtiac hunting terrapin early in IMS, be
fore going to the Hotel Rafael. ¦ He began i
working at the hotel June 4 and remained
there until August 15. Magulre questioned
him closely about his hunting trips subse-
Quent to that date, and witness was able
to answer readily, describing trip6 to
Truckee, to the vicinity of Santa Bar
tiara, into Nevada and other places, giv
ing dates with an exactness that baffled
counsel's attempt to discredit his testi
mony. Onco when he Bald be did. not re
member Judge Magulre asked if bis mem
ory was bad. though witness had shown
a memory for dates and his doings for
jears past that was no less than remark
able.
"Who came to you about this case?"
"Harry McKenrie. a waiter, who came
down to Los Angeles with a letter of in
troduction from two friends of mine."
"Was anything said to you about pay,
or there being money in it?"
"He di<l not."
After a long examination concerning his
past life Maguire. asked the witness if he
were employed In the dining-room all the
time he was at the Hotel Rafael.
"Yes, »ir" was the answer.
"I>o you remember what day It was that
you saw the plaintiff on the hill back of'
the Hotel Rafael?"
"I do not remember."
"Was it in June?"
"I cannot say."
"In July, or August?"
"I do not remember."
"Or in September?" »
"No, it was not in September. I had
left the hotel August 15."
¦ "How close were you to the plaintiff
and a ladv when you first saw them?"
"Probably 150 or 160 leet."
"Did you continue to advance toward
them?"
"Ye«. sir; I walked slowly toward
them."
"And did you go within ten fe«t of them,
as you say in your deposition?"
"Yes." ':',
"What did you do then?"
"I went on up the hiJl and around oi
the other side of it and then came back
the came way. It took me about twenty
minutes to get back to where the horse
had been hitched."
called on his own behalf. His testimony
follows:
Mr. Delmas— Tour name is John D. Spreck
els?
A.— It is. j
Q.— How old are you. Mr. Epreekels?
A. — Forty-seven. * ¦
Q. — You live In the city of 8an Francisco?
A.-I do.
Q.— How long have you lived there?
A.— About forty-four years.
Q.— You are the proprietor of the newspaper
called The San Francisco Call? \
A.^-I am. . * '
Q.— And have been so for some years past?
A.— For over three years.
Q.— You were the proprietor at the time the
article in question was published?
A.— I was*—
Q — At the time of the publication of that
article, Mr. Spreckels, on the day that it was
published, where were you?
A.— I was in Salinas.
Q.— In the county of Monterey? ->.-r".
A.— Part of the time 1 was in Salinas, and
on my way from Salinas up to San Francisco.
I arrived there on the afternoon of the 25th,
on the day of the publication. *
Q.— How long had you been in Salinas im
mediately previous to the 25th?
t A. — A week or over.
¦ Q. — You bad been there constantly? . - .
A.— Yes. sir. . .
Q.— The city of Salinas is tome hundred and
twenty odd miles from Ban Francisco?
A.— I was not exactly in the town of Sa
linas; I was in the town called Spreckels.
where we have a beet sugar factory. It was
the opening of that beet sugar factory that I
attended. .
Q.— About four miles from Salinas?
A.— About four miles south from Salinas.
Q. — What was the first knowledge that you
had of this particular article?
Mr. Magulre — We object to the question as
Incompetent, irrelevant and immaterial.
The court— The objection is overruled.
Mr. Magulre— Note an exception.
A.— The first knowledge was when I read The
Call on my way up on the train.
Q.—On the 25th?
A.— On the 25th,
Q — At that time. Mr. Epreekels, did you
know the plaintiff here, Baron J. H. von
Schroeder?
A.— I did know him: yes, sir.
Q. — How long had you known him?
A.— Well, a number of years. I did not
know him intimately. I knew him to bow tc
him and met him occasionally at the club.
Q.— Did you entertain toward' Baron von
Echroeder any personal malice or animosity?
A. — Not the slightest. •
•»•. — Had you ever had any difficulties with
him of any kind? ¦
A.— None whatever.
O.— Did you ever have any business with
him?
A.— None at all.
Q. — Before the publication of that article, Mr.
Spreckels, had Bare a yon Schroeder' s
name been connected wfth any matter which
came up in The Call office In which you were
called upon to make a decision as to a certain
publication?
A. — Yes, sir.
Q.— When was that?
A.— Well, it was some time previous to the
publication of the article which is now the
matter of controversy here, and I think It mui<t
have been about- two' weeks prior to that time.
Q. — About two weeks prior to that?
A.— Yes, air.
<.'.— Will you state the circumstances under
which you were called upon to take a part in
that matter as proprietor of The Call, and
I having the ultimate say as to what should be
publlRhed In it?
Scandal That Was Not Published.
A.— Well, on or about the 10th of October, at
night, about 12 o'clock. I received a telephone
message from The Call office, and Mr. Leake
was at the other end. He said: "Mr. Bpreck
els, we have a story here over | which I wish
to consult you. There are a number of prom
inent people Involved in it, and I can't give
you ' their names over the telephone, and I
think It is important enough for you to come
down, if you will."' I ordered up a coupe and
rode down to the editorial rooms," • reaching
there between 12 and 1 o'clock in the morning.
The story of an episode which occurred- 1 — ---
Mr. Maguire— I want to object at -this point.
If you will call this matter out by question,
so that I can object to your questions, it will
be more orderly. - ¦
. Mr. Delmas— I have asked the question, if
there Is any objection to it you may make It.
, Mr. Magulre-r-He haa made a statement
about It,, and I did not object up to this
joint. Now he Is proceeding to state what he
and Mr. - I>ake' talked about concerning this
particular matter. •
Mr. • Delmas— Very well, » I will brlng.lt out
Q.— You have already - stated. Mr. Spreckels,
that you . were called up from : your residence
•omewhat after midnight on the night of the
10th of October. - - .
A.— I would not fix the date exactly; it was
on or about that date.. . . ... ..- .•
Q.—On or about that date?
A.— Yes, *Ir.
Q.— And that : you went to The Call office
and there you met Mr. Leake, the manager?
A.— Yes, rtr, and Mr. ; — " ¦ ' -¦' ¦ ,
Q. (Interrupting)— Who Informed you ; that
your opinion, or your decision, was desired upon
some important Matter that it was contem
plated to publish or. withhold from publica
tion?
A.— Ye*. Mr.
Q.— I will ask you if Baron J. H. von Schroe
der, the plaintiff here, was Involved in that
matter? «.-'
A.— His name waa involved ln.it; yes, sir.
. Q.— I will aek . you to state what It was.
Mr. Magulre— I object to the question upon
the ground that it is Incompetent, irrelevant
and Immaterial. . ¦¦•-.' ' ¦
The Court— Wa« It In this matter of this
particular publication?
A.— No; It had nothing to do with this pub
lication whatever. $as$$MaB0efe*Jt3MJJ»fHMMi
The Court— I don't quit# understand this.
Mr. Delmas— It is somewhat difficult to make
it understood upon this : bare objection. .Mr.
Epreckels has been charged- with malice here
and he hat been charged with malice in terms
very ' emphatic, If • not vituperative. *. by, the
counsel on the other side, who has denounced
him' as a malicious man, .who was using his
newspaper and- his wealth to gratify his ; per
sonal malice . agslnst this plaintiff. That Is
about the substance of it. Now tne purportof
the testimony which I desire to _ introduce " is
this: That some weeks before the publication
of the article In question another transaction,
quite like the stories that have been detailed
here in evidence was given to the newspaper.'
The Call, fpr publication, in which the plaintiff
here and his brother .were connected, and that
Mr. Spreckels. ; against the advice ¦ and news
paper opinion of his managers and his staff,'
used his own personal authority to prevent the
publication of it and did suppress it.- * v
i Mr. Matrulre— We submit - that - it : is i wholly,
immaterial. Irrelevant and • incompetent;
Mr. Delmaa — Let me call your. Honor's atten-
Q.— You arrived in' San Francisco on the af
ternoon of the 23th about what time?
A.— About i o'clock In the afternoon.
Q.— Four o'clock?
A.— Ye?, fir. ' . ;. .
Q.— Did you that day. that evening, read the
San Francisco Bulletin? ¦ .
A.— I did. . * .
Q'.— Did you, in the San Francisco Bulletin,
read. a paper, : or what was in form a letter,
purporting to be signed by General Warfleld?
A.— I did; . -.
Q.— At what ' time of the day did you first
have cognizance of that publication In the
Bulletin?
A —Well, that evening.
Q.— After dark? . ¦
A.— When I received the Bulletin at my
jj Q — At your home?
" Q.— After business hours?
A.— After, business hours.
Q.— The next day were you in Ban Francisco?
,. A.— Yes, Blr.
•;¦ Defendant Made Investigation.
' ' Q.— What steps did you take on the next day
for the purpose of ascertaining what foundation
there - was In the letter . of General Warfleld
and the apparent contradiction '¦ between that
letter 'and the article In The Call?- I
;. Mr. Magulre— Objected -to as Irrelevant, Im
material and lncompetent.
; The Court— I think that is admissible. Judge.
Mr. Magulre — Your Honor will remember that
the reading of the Warfleld letter had reference
to the publication of an editorial on the morn
ing of the 28th.N -' * '<
i Mr. Delmas— No, sir.
• The Court— Oh, , I don't understand that it can
be confined to that. Judee.
- Mr. JHa*culre — We submit the objection. . .
The Court — The objection is overruled.
Mr. Magulre— We note an exception.
(By direction the reporter reads the ques
tion.),.: ¦ • ¦
A.— I sent for General Warfleld. asking him
to come to my office in The Call building at
half-past one. My desire was ¦
. Mr. Magulre (Interrupting)— We object to the
statement of his desire. .
Mr. Delmas— We submit that that Is proper.
. Mr.- Magulre— They, called for an investiga
tion ; he says that , he sent for General War
fleld. * - -
The Court— He may testify whether or not
General Warfleld called there, and then I would
like to have a question asked.
: Mr. Delmas— I will give you an opportunity.
Q.— You sent for General Warfleld?
A. — Yes sir; for a purpose.
Q. — What was your purpose?
. Mr. Magulre— Objected to as immaterial, Ir
relevant and Incompetent. •
The CoUrt— The objection is overruled.
Mr. Maguire— Note an exception. - ¦ ..
. A.— My purpose was to ascertain,
seeing the contradiction of The Call
hrticle In the Bulletin made by Gen
eral AVarfleld, I wanted to ascertain
whether -my instructions to Mr.
Lcake had been adhered to, and that
Is to verify every article. that is pub
li.ohed In the paper, verify it before
publication.
Q.— Yes?
: A.— And for purpose I sent for General
Warfleld, so as to flnd out whether his state
ments, his letters were true. He acknowledged
to me that > ' . *
, Q. (interrupting)— He came to your office?
"Wai-field's \ Denial Explained.
' A.— He came to my office, « and I asked him
concerning the letter. He said that he had
written such a letter; that he had to do it for
fear that—; • . v . ¦ f ¦ -" .
Mr. Magulre (Interrupting) — Walt now. You
are calling for conversation now. '
v Mr. Delmas— Indeed I. am calling for conver
sation. -; • . . : . . .
: Mr. Magulre^-I object to the question. I don't
think' this." conversation . Is called for by the
question, but Mr. Delmas says it Is, and I pre
sume that makes it bo now." I object to the
question on the ground that a conversation be
tween this witness and General : Warfleld . on
the afternoon of the 26th of October, 1899, is
immaterial; irrelevant ; and Incompetent."
. The ; Court— I think it is admissible on . thib
question of express . malice, . in mitigation , of
damageB. ~ ,.»,- .->,.....- ¦¦
¦/.Mr.: ; Magulre— We will note an exception. .
¦ The Court— Exception noted. .
Mr. Magulre— Go on, now,' Mr." Spreckels. -
: • Mr. Delmas — Q.— Mr. Bpreckels, General War
eld came -pursuant to your call and you met in
the office of the San Franclscd Call ?
¦¦¦A.-Yes.slr.' ¦' ¦-..:. : . - -.
, Q.— At about half-past 1 o'clock on the day
after this publication? / ¦¦-
*" A.— Yes, sir. :¦-¦¦¦'•. :;'¦ . \ "-'-- . s *- . ¦
~ Q.— And on the very day after you had read
his purported letter in the Bulletin?
'-'A.— Yes, sir. T •" .:: ":,;¦>,'• ' ' . "
¦ Q.— Xow kindly state what took place between
you and the general? . -." - . ''. ¦¦>•:¦ .
¦¦= Mr. Magulre— That is subject to the same ob
jection, ruling and exception? .' .
Mr; Delmas— Certainly.
"T.The Court— The objection Is overruled and ex
ception noted,';'- f.-. ¦ ' ¦
A.-— "Well, I asked the General
concerning: .-his; -denial.' I said, !
"Were the statements as] published
lit; The .Call nntrncl" And .he said,
*fSo. n _ >- He j says, ".."in ;.' the ,: main, sub
stantially, the article is true.'V'But,"
he said, "I had to write this letter
aonisto iecn're the release of my
lea*e. If * I V refused ' it t the Baron
would go oack on hl« ; agreement
and would not ;¦ release me." And
. that was the" 'obj ect ; of ; the ¦ letter : a«
published, or^ at . least hla statement
to me of his; object.' -' -
"^'Q.— He told you" then that the article as pub
lished in -The tall "', wa§ = In . every - subotantlal
particular true?; ¦,-... ¦.':•'¦. ,. , ,, ',¦_.¦ v
v 'Article* PubUshed Was ;^fueV
."'"A.'4-The* article "Vis substantially true."- 5: .
, Mr. Magulre-7-I object to that as leading and
euggeetive. and: improper,"; and I move to strike
out the answer, r ; - •"- * - ;-¦:. -' "¦•
¦ ,_ Mr. . Delman — I ' will *, consent to It. V ' , ¦, v ¦
..' The , Court— It , is included in . the other, an
swer.f..-"":'.' 1^ >¦'¦- '.V'"'.- ••"•'' '¦ ¦¦¦ .- • :'.-'\'-'-' "-- ¦..'
Mr., Magulre— Then' there Is noneedof It;
if it Is ' not," it ' is : Jmproper.^aiyjWaisJjSiHUlaBi
i Mr. 1 Delroas — In that •¦ same interview, as cor
roborating the. statement did . General vWarfleld
tell you that he had been called npon by Baron
von Schroeder or his representative to sign
another letter declaring that the statements
contained In The Call were untrue* and that
he had declined to do so?
Mr. Magulre — Objected to as immaterial.' ir
relevant and incompetent and leading and sug
gestive. —
The Court— It is open to the suggestion that
it Is leading.
Mr. Delmas— I yield to that suggestion, then.
Q.— Did General Warfleld in that conversation
say anything to you about his having been re
quested by Baron von Schroeder or a represen
tative of his to sign another letter^? You can
answer yes or no. - .•'"¦¦ . ¦ -
Mr. Magulre— Objected to as Immaterial, Ir
relevant and; incompetent, leading and sug
gestive.
The Court — The objection Is overruled.
• Mr. Magulre — Note an exception.
A.— Mr. Delmas, I can't answer that ques
tion by yes or no.'
, Mr. Delmas: Q.— Well, answer it In your
own way. •
A.— I have had several interviews with Gen
eral "Warfleld.
, Q.— Nr; I am speaking of that interview.
A.—Xothingr vrns said at that in
terview, bat I have had several vrlth
him, and In one of these Interviews
he told me 'that, an 'attorn ex of the
Baron's had come to him with a
statement which he desired signed,
and which would have made him
may that he knew the. article to be
false and untrue. lie said that he
refused to titgn. such u one, and
then he had his attorney, Mr. Xaph
taly, to prepare a statement which
qualified his statement to the exient
of itanne that he. did: not know
these things of his own knowledge.
Q.— In that conversation did General War
field call your attention to the wording of this
letter as published In 'the Bulletin, and espe
cially to the fact that it did not contain a
denial of the truth of this, article in The. Call?
Mr. Maguire — One moment. Objected to on
the ground that It is leading, suggestive, im
material, irrelevant and Incompetent. , <
Mr. Delmas— I yield to the .point that it Is
leading. ¦¦'-»
Q. — Old he call your attention to any special
wording of the letter that had appeared In
the Bulletin?
The Court— That was at this first conversa
tion? - .- "'/¦': V
' Mr. Delmas— Yes. sir.
Mr. Magulre — I object to It aa immaterial,
irrelevant, incompetent, leading and sugges
tive. "And I now call attention to the prac
tice of counsel in first maktng a statement in
the form of a leading question to the wit
ness, then I upon objection abandoning that
statement s and calling upon the .witness to
answer concerning the same matter, and I ob
ject to that aa improper practice. - t
Mr. Delmas— I call attention to the practice
of the learned counsel to be scared at very
small matters. , • • .
The Court — The objection is overruled.
Mr. Magulre — Note an exception. -¦¦¦¦
¦ ' (By direction the reporter reads the ques
tion.) • •
A.— Well, he called my attention to the fact
that he said In this letter that he did not
know these things of . his own knowledge. He
said "I know they. are so, but I had to do
this." ' • ¦
Mr. Magulre— Now, I move to strike that out
on the ground that it Is not responsive to the
question, the last part of it. ¦>- ,:•
The Court— I think it is. Judge. - The motion
Is denied. .. - .
Mr. Magulre— We note an exception.
Malice in the Editorial.
Mr. Delmas: Q.— Mr. Spreckels, with refer
ence to the editorials that are' published In
The 'Call. Is " there a ' practice : of eubmlttlng
those editorials ¦ to ' your , Inspection .. regularly
y^— Yes. sir; there is; at the hour of half
past one.- . • • " - i'*".L ¦
q._ At half-past one, o'clock every day? --"£:.;
¦ q'Zj The' editorials are submitted to' you for
your approval or disapproval? : ".¦¦•.;•; . <
A.— Yes, sir. 'S°
Q —At the time this editorial was passed for
submission on the 25th of October of last year
where were your ;•> ¦¦¦* ¦ ¦•>¦- ¦¦ '
A.— On the 25th of October I was on my way
from Salinas to Ban Francisco. .
q.— At that veryhour of half-past one?
A.— Yes,' sir. '."*¦' - ••'•'-, '¦¦ .¦¦¦ ¦:•-•>¦;
Q —After hearing the statements of General
Warfleld that you have narrated, and consider
ing the matter, Mr. Bpreckels. did you - con
sider that there was any necessity for any
modification or j retratclon of the article that
had been published In The Call? •-
Mr. Magulre— Just a' moment. Objected to as
Irrelevant, immaterial and , Incompetent. .,. ¦ . "
The Court— That - is the same question prac
tically that was asked of Mr. . Leake. : '
: Mr. Magulre— Very nearly ;? we note an ex-
The Court— The objection Is overruled. ¦¦':".'" -
.-.' (By direction the reporter reads the ques
, a!— I did not ; otherwise one should have
been made.; . • *- '¦.-.¦ ¦•••» - ¦¦-
Mr Delmas: Q.— If the statements of Gen
eral Warfield had called for a ; modification or
a retraction It would have , been made ?
A. — Certainly.
Mr. • Maeulre— I object to that.
Mr . • Delmas— He has stated . that. •.
Well. At he has stated It. It Is
hot necessary to - ask the question again.
¦- The : Court— I . think the objection Is good.
' Mr. Magulre— Then the . answer is - stricken
out, and the objection Is sustained? ,.,,
.The Court— Yes, sir. '
' Mr. * l>elmas— Now, please > read me ¦ his an
swer t aloud so , that .there may be no mistake
about it.-- ¦- •¦ . •¦ " ¦•¦'.-".¦- ¦.*. ¦-• ¦ .¦
.(By direction, the : reporter reads the e.n
swer.) ?'^£^<iaj«s%HgpK^XpWP | ttc9S« ' "¦:•
a Mr. ; Maguire-^-I move to strike out ¦ the < last
part of . that answer, as not responsive ; ta the
question..- -'¦ '¦ ¦¦• ¦" ¦' .-".>¦¦¦
• The Court— I think 'It -should go out;, that Is,
"Otherwise one should have been ms.de." that
portion of the answer. Now read the . question
and answer as H> stands. .' ¦ - . , . -
. (Question and ar.Fwer read by the 'reporter
as directed.). .. • : -~ ¦..',- r . ¦ .. . ' '- I";- ,:-,
\ Mr. ; Delmas :i- Q.— In; coming, to. the conclu
sion, s Mr.- Spreckels, V, that ; there was no neces
sity . and no . propriety ¦ in ; making . either a « re-*
traction or a modification, were you « actuated.'
In any. 1 ' manner. ¦¦ by any -. ill feeling i or malice
toward ' the j plaintiff ' here ? ' , - , . ' : ' **¦
,"k A.— I. was not. -c ; •..¦"'¦ ;.- .•' ¦¦,• ¦¦;¦'• it
- Q.— You *. have known ." General '"' Warfleld' for
how; long?- .*-,-. ¦ ' . -' ¦ ¦ .•¦-¦¦' .
•; A.— Oh, • a ' number of . years : '¦ I can' t say Just
the r number ,. of i years I^have known him;; a
great 'many; years.- ¦:-. ¦¦¦ : - .
. i*. Q.— Had | he occupied ' positions • of ', prominence
in this State? '«4«4BM|k^BMpt«Jw«namBad
, -A.— Yes. ¦ sir. In the National Guard of Cali
fornia principally." .;.¦¦¦¦ -¦-¦•%. •. ' ¦- ¦¦-
'-,£ Q. — He i had -¦ been . a general In • the National
Guard ? > f. ;;;<> , ;v~:<Av..''*v <" •¦ ~ y'&F$&3!sStfi£t£&£t
tlon to a certain line of argument which has
*>een produced " here, with your Honor's sanc
tion. The subsequent conduct of Mr. Spreckels
or of his manager has been allowed to be
given In evidence here for the purpose of show
ing malice, and a line of evidence has been
offered I to show or in order to attempt to
prove that they were malicious, to show that
a certain publication, whether authorized or
not, or whether genuine or not, appeared In
an evening paper, and that notwithstanding
the publication In that paper the manager or
f'l-oprietor of The Call did .not retract or mod
fy the publication which they, had made on
the 25th of October; the argument and. the
Implication being, as I take It, that It was
their duty after seeing this letter or learning
of the letter of General Warfleld, to have made
investigations further into that matter and if
they found that their previous article was
either unwarranted or too severe to have mod
ified or retracted It
May Tre not, by the name line of
reaRonlng, and upon precisely the
¦ante aaaloglei, show ~ antecedent
acts on the part of the' proprietor
of. the paper, In order to satisfy. this
jory that, far from having any mal
ice agalimt this plaintiff,' the propri
etor of Itial'pnper had, aflralnst . the
Judgment of his staff, exercised his
personal authority to suppress 1 a
previous article npon him, and to
shield him to that extent, . in hopes
of reformation f
It Is exactly— —
Mr. Magulre (Interrupting)— The statement of
Mr. Delmas Is entirely and absolutely improper.
He is not now merely arguing for the admis
sion of this evidence. . ¦ • ¦ -
Mr. Delmas — Pardon me. «
Mr. Magulre— I am interrupting the argument
because of statements that are ' improper . con
tained In it. ' :
The Court— He has simply stated what he ex
pected to prove. ; • .. . - . . , . ¦
Mr. Magulre — Yes, sir, and the Supreme Court
has repeatedly declared that that is not the.
proper thing to do. .,.-..
Mr. Delmas— If your Honor please, there is a
well known and proper way to object to a state
ment. If I have said anything that is im
proper the learned counsel can object to it. If
he will call it to my attention by objection, ami
I acknowledge the error, I shall retract It; but
the habit of getting up and interrupting coun
sel in an argument is neither commendable, in
my opinion, nor leads to the orderly conduct of
the case, however frequently It may. have been
Indulged in here. I said that if the subsequent
conduct of the defendant may be shown— and
that It may be established In this case by your
Honor's rulings— by a parity of reasoning, it
to my mind seems inevitable that previous con
duct may also be shown; just as in the case of
the condition of a man's mind as to soundness
or unBoundness when, for instance, 'he executed
a will, the ultimate inquiry is -in this case,
what was the condition of the testator's mind
at the very time that he executed this will?
Was his mind sound or was it unsound? Was It
rational or irrational T Was it tainted with prej
udice or bias against certain . Individuals, • or
was it candid and free? Was . it -. subject ' to
undue Influence, or was it acting with entire
liberty? And, although the voice. of the Inquiry
be the exact point of time at which the will
was executed, no one better • knows than - the
learned counsel, and, of course, your Honor,
that a broad latitude of inquiry 13 permitted
of a period, both before and after that time, In
order, as the authorities Fay, that the light of
the past and the future may be reflected, one
forward and the other backward, upon this
particular point. Now, prejudice .•-, or blae,
subjection to Influence, or entire freedom,
soundness or unsoundness, ; are ' mental
conditions, and if this mental . . condi
tion can be thus Illustrated, why Is ' not
malice, which Is also a mental condition, to be
eimllarly illustrated ? \ If the subsequent - con
duct of the testator, ' after his will, may, be
shown, in order to determine what his mental
condition was at the: time he made his will;
If his previous conduct may be shown. for the
same purpose, why may it not, in a case of this
kind, where the subsequent conduct of the pro
prietor of the paper has already been shown, be
also met with the analogy that his : previous
conduct may equally be given in evidence. . and
especially when it Is of a period so close to the
point of the inquiry, in order to show that - he
was entirely free from any malicious disposi
tion toward this plaintiff? -That is the
purpose. Aid, as is well .. suggested,
the learned counsel on . the other - •• side
could undoubtedly, had they the pi*of at hand,
have gone i backward as they have r gone for
ward, and proven expressions of 111-wlU - on
the part of Mr. Spreckels toward the plaintiff,
could they not, within a period of fifteen days,
or a month; or six weeks, or six months? They
could have ¦ shown undoubtedly that Mr.
Bpreckels had made declarations evincing his
hostility, . his •¦ spite, his desire to injure < this
man. If he had made them; and If those expres
sions and that conduct could be given for. the;
purpose of showing malice, why may -we not
give -an 1 entirely different course- of conduct
in evidence for the purpose of showing that
there was no malice?
The Court's Buling.
The Court— Of course, the : defendant will, be
allowed to : Introduce < any .: testimony - that •¦ he
has to rebut, • to answer any testimony that
hat * been brought f orward by the plaintiff "con-"
cernlng subsequent acts, to show ! malice. ' The
defendant Is also ' allowed, as I understand the
rule, to testify that at the time of the : pub
lication he had no feeling: of ill-will, and never
had any feeling of Ill-will against the person;
alleged to be libeled. I don't think ' that ¦• he
has the ¦ right, however, • to -" Introduce declara
tions made prior to the time of the publication
for that purpose. The objection Is sustained.':
Mr. Delmas— We , will save , the - point. ' -¦ In
order, and without 'any desire of avoiding
your Honor* i • ruling, but squarely A to -the
point, and in conformity, with the suggestion!!
made by ¦ my . associate, the- exact point that
we desire to prove here is more than a declara
tion; It is an act.. -s , ' . ' ,-"-- i - . -
The Court— An Instruction?.
Mr. Delmas— An instruction ; : yes, sir. Now,
If your Honor's ruling covers that, of course,
I have no more to say. . :.•¦':
.'The Court— Yes.' sir; I will allow; the ruling
to stand. . ¦ , ,
Mr. Preston— Exception.
" ¦ Mr. Delmas— Q. Mr. Bpreckels, you left Sa
linas on the 25th? mBKttftfiMMfiBBnHBX
•"A.— Yes, sir.. .'-..- .'">¦¦
'¦'¦' Q.— You read the article In question ' for - the
first time on that &Wl6KBBtBKtt&BBlBXBB£&\
~- A — Yes, sir. ¦"•*'• ¦ ; :¦ .'-.'...
V Q.— In. The Call? - .!
a.— Yes. -sir. .st§B9SBmmfSSmSJBS^K\
. Q.— That - was ., the - first knowledge :• you had
of it, the first knowledge that it was Intended
to publish '¦ such - an . article? -at-7?***&JiX8BgBiQ
A.— That was tbe, first I knew of It. '•-• '
Q.— The first : you knew of It T . : •;¦-•
;>A.-yes. sir.:: ¦ ¦" - ¦ ¦ ¦ ; ; . .
. '¦ '• - -¦ - * • ¦ ¦ ¦ . ¦ . ¦¦¦:¦ •. . : . *.' ¦ . .- . '
THE SAN FRAISTCiSGO CAI/L; THURSDAY, ;, DECEMBER 20, 1900.
STORY OF THE BARONS IMM ORALITIES CLOSES
BARON VON SCHROEDER LISTENS TO THE STORY OF HIS ESCAPADES AND GIVES OPPORTUNITY FOR A CHARACTER STUDY,
2
¦:- To Cure a Cold in One Day ; ; f
Take - Laxative'- Bromoi Quinine"* Tablets. '-¦All
druggists refund:money if.it falls to cure. :~ E.~-
\V.' Grove's signature is on each box. 23c. t*iP;j
| Presents for!
m gentleinen f
Neckwear, Silk Pajamas
Jgg Gloves, Silk Night Robes J§
. Mufflers, Handkerchiefs jj$£
3j£ Bath Robes, Dress Suit
§5 pases, Morning Gowns J*K
*»¦ Canes $S
S«^ Smoking Jackets JK
R.: oos B r q s. . m
1^25-37 ttearn^ St.JfCADETS TELL
OF THE HUMES
LIEUTENANT W. S. SIMS, FORMER UNITED STATES NAVAL AT
TACHE AT PARIS, WHO IS ACCUSED OF HAVING STOLEN FRENCH
GUN SECRETS.
" SANTA; CRUZ, Dec. 19.— Citizens, convinced
that oil will be . found in this county, have
leased ¦ If 00 acres - of land : up : the coast,'- near
the bitumen ' deposits. A • company is to be
formed to bore for oil. •...-... '. , . . .
A California calendar '. "1400 to 1901."
Nothing published this year so, interest
ing for Eastern friends. Price, ready for
the mail. 60 cents each. Sanborn, Vail &
Co., 741 Market street- ... •
Toilet -cases, albums, collar and cuff
boxes, Jewel and work boxes, shaving sets
and celluloid novelties. By far the nicest
line. In the city at very, low . prices. Sen
born, Vail & Co., 741' Market street. •
Celluloid Novelties.
COURT SUSTAINS
PARDON OF TVTARSH
Must, However, Pay the Pine Im
posed Upon Him hy Governor
Pingree. .
LANSING, Mich., Dec. 19.— The Su
preme Court to-day sustained ; the pardon
granted to ex-Inspector General Arthur
F. Mdrsh by,' Governor. Pingree. %The
opinion upholding the pardon ;'was unani
mous and Justice. Moore, who delivered
the opinion, . held that, though .the. Su
preme Court] had not confirmed the find
ing of the jury- in the lower court, there
had been a conviction within the meaning
of. the constitution, therefore It- was the
Governor's right to pardon.'
' The. court also held that' the Governor
had not exceeded his authority In direct
ing that Marsh should, pay a fine, to the
State, and that in, accepting the pardon
the condition went with it. ¦ Consequently
it was possible to" enforce the collection
of the fine, . . ¦ ' • v\
GUGGENHEIM WORKS
MAY BE ABSORBED
American Smelting and Refining
Company Makes an Offer for
the Plant. .
NEW, YORK, Dec. 19.— Announcement
was made to-day of the proposed absorp
tion of the Guggenheim silver smelting
plants by the American Smelting: and Re
fining Company. To accomplish this tho
stockholders of the latter company will
be asked to assent to the proposition that
the capital be Increased from $55,000,000 to
$100,000,000. Of this amount $15,000,000 will
be added to the working capacity of the
company. Officials of the smelting com
pany decline to make known how much it
has been agreed to pay for the Guggen
heim • properties, but the inference per
mitted to be drawn was that the Guggen
heims receive something like the differ
ence between the $55,000,000 and $100,000,000.
less the $15,(500.000 which it is prpposed to
utilize for extra working capacity. It
was also stated that none of the new
stock would - be offered for Bale. It J -.
expected that the stockholders of the
smelting company will hold a special
meeting within the next two weeks to
ratify the action of the directors.
Two Hundred Reported to Have Been
Killed in the Central Provinces
of Turkey.
LONDON, Dec. 20.— A dispatch to tho
Dally Express from Vienna reports recent
Moslem excesses against the Christian
population in the central provinces ef
Turkey, where 200 Christians have been
killed.
Receives One Hundred Thousand Dol
lars for Services in Boundary
Dispute.
Special Cable to The Call and Xew York Her
ald. Copyrlslit. 19», by the Herald Pub
lishing Company.
CARACAS, Venezuela, Dec. 19.— Former
President Benjamin Harrison has received
»100,000 for his services in connection with
the arbitration of the boundary dispute
between British Guinea and this republic.
MOSLEMS AGAIN
ATTACK CHRISTIANS
HANDSOME TEE FOR
EX-PRESIDENT HAERISON
The following Callfornians are in Xew
York: From San Francisco— R. L. Toplltz
Is at the Herald Square; C. Bcoke is at
the Ashland: F. B. King and F. L. Lip
man are at the Imperial: J. \V. Northrup
is at the Herald Square; C. Staup andwif.-*
are at the Park Avenue. P. B. McKinney
of Los Angeles is at the Park Avenue.
H. Brace of Eureka Is at the Cosmopoli
¦ tan.
Marquise Aurora de la Torre y Ma
fias is dead. She expected to sail for
Cuba in a few days. She has not
visited that Island since the Spanish
yoke was lifted. She belonged to one of
the oldest families of Spain, which in re
cent years refused to acknowledge the
rule of the mother country. Many of her
relatives fought in the cause of Cuban in
dependence. She was descended from one
of the grandees of Spain who obtained
honor and preferment for dlstlgulshed
military servicein the «t\-cnteenth century.
General de la Torre, her father, served in
the insurgent army in the ten years'
war. He died in 1S90. Owing to the politi
cal state of Cuba, the Marquise and her
husband left tho island In 1S93. Her hus
band di"d in 1?97. She owned estates at
Puerto Principe, and her husband had an
estate in the province of Matanzaa. The
Marquise had a claim -if $40,000 agatnst the
Government for damages done to her
plantation in the Spanish-American war.
Californians in New York.
A meeting of the directors of the Flem-
Ington Coal and Coke Company has just
been held and several Important changes
have been mado In the personnel of
the company. Joseph T. Redding, presi
dent of the company, tendered his resig
nation, as did also S. S. Simpson, vice
president and general manager. In their
places Georgi" MInten Gardner was elected
president and general manager. Mr. Gard
ner was until recently In charge of the
coal department of the Pennsylvania Rail
road. The significance of the change is
that J. B. HagKin, former partner of the
late Marcus Daly in the copper business,
now has practically full control of the
company. The treasurer. H. E. Moller,
and the secretary. It. F. Leavitt. con
tinue in their positions. Moller w:is for
merly assistant secretary of the Anaconda
Mining Company before It passed under
the control of the Amalgamated Copper
Company.
"Was a Friend of Cubans.
The westbound committee of'the Trunk
Lrine Association has just held Its last
meeting of the current year, closing the
first year of the existence of the joint
passenger agreement. To thla agreement
Is due the present satisfactory condition
of the westbound passenger rate situa
tion, which, according to the unanimous
testimony of the general passenger agents
as expressed at the meeting, is better than
It has ever been at the end of every pr
vlous year. At the meeting a proposition
was considered to rearrange the New
York-Chicago rates of the"' differential
lines, bo as to make them conform with
those of the Erie, which would mean that
the West Shore, the Lohigh Valley, the
Lackawanna and the Baltimore and Ohio
would have to charge $18 for the trip in
stead of J17. The proposition was laid
over until the next meeting.
Haggin Has Full Control.
NEW YORK, Dec. 19.— A special com
mittee of the New York Produce Ex
change has finished its labors in Its at
tempt to remedy an abuse that has recent
ly crept into the grain trade. The com
mittee handed its report to President Bar
rows, with the recommendation that he
call a tprclal meeting of the trade with a
view ot having 1 the work of the commit
tee incorporated into the regulations gov
erning the grain trade of the exchange.
The trouble arises from the absence of
¦uniformity of grain cars which. It is
claimed, gives Western shippers an op
portunity • to juggle with orders from
Eastern buyers. - • •
Satisfactory Passenger Rates.
Charge That Western Shippers Are
Given an Opportunity to Juggle
With Orders From East
ern Buyers.
New York Produce Exchange
Con mittee Mak js a
Report.
TO REMEDY ABUSE
IN GRAIN TRADE
BERLIN, Dec. 19.— The census shows
thirty-three cities with populations ex
ceeding 100.000. whose aggregate. Includ
ing Essen, is 9,077.034, or an increase of
1,151,882 since 1S35. The rapidity of the re
turns Is due to the use of electrical tabu
lating machines.
Census Returns in Germany.
"Westernland Disabled.
• LONDON. Dec. 19.-The British steamer
Somerhill. from Newport News. December
16. for Ipswich, passed the Lizard to-day
having in tow the Red Star Line steamer
Westernland, which sailed from Antwerp
December 15 for New York. The Western
land had lost her propeller and the Somer
hill was towing her to Southampton.
of Anhalt & Wagner is in difficulties ow
ing 1 to Its connection with the Prussian
Hypotheken Aktien Bank and the
Duetsche Greundschuld Bank, and is ask
ing: for a moratlum.
The proprietor. Herr Schmidt. Is the
Kaiserin's private banker and president of
the board of overseers of the two em
barrassed mortgage banks.
Anhalt & Wagner in Difficulties Ow
ing to Connections "With
Other Finns.
BERLIN, Dec. 19.— The banking house
GERMAN BANKING HOUSE
SERIOUSLY EMBARRASSED
. CALL, BUREAU, 1406 G STREET. X. W., WASHINGTON", Dec. 19.— The
Hay-Pauncefote treaty, v.ith the Davis amendment included after section 5 of
article II, which will be voted on to-morrow, reads:
\ article i.
It Is aereed that the "canal may be constructed under the auspices of the Gov
ernment of the United States, either directly* at It« own cost, or by gift or loan of
money to Individuals or corporations, or through subscription to or purchase of stock
or shares, and that, subject to the provisions of the present convention, the said
Government shall have and enjoy all the rights incident to such construction, as welt
as the exclusive right of providing for the regulation and management of the canal. '
ARTICLE II. . .
The hleh contracting' parties, desiring to preserve and maintain the general prin
ciple of neutralization established in article S of the Clayton-Bulwer convention,
adofted, us the basis of such neutralization, the following rules, substantially as em
bodied In the convention between Great Britain and certain other powers, signed at
Constantinople. October 29, 18S8, for the free " navigation of the Suez maritime canal,
that is to say:
1. The canal shall be free and open In time of war as In time of peace, to the
vessels of commerce and of war of all nations, on terms of entire equality, eo that
there shall be no discrimination against any nation or Its citizens or subjects In re
spect of the conditions or charges of traffic or otherwise.
2. The canal shall ( never be blockaded, nor shall any right of war be exercised nor
any act of hostility be committed within It.
3. Vessels of war of a belligerent shall not revlctual nor taTfe any stores In the
canal e*cei>t so far a« may be etrictly necessary, and the transit of such vessels
through 'the canal shall be effected with the least possible delay, in accordance with
the regulations in force, and with only such intermission as may result from .the
necessities of the service. Prizes shall' be in ell respects subject to the same rules as
vessels of war of ttfe belligerents.
4. JCo belligerent shall embark or disembark troops, munitions of war or warlike
materials In the canal, except In case of accidental hindrance of the transit, and in
such case the transit shall be resumed with all possible dispatch.
5. The provisions of this article shall apply to waters adjacent to the canal within
three marine miles of either end. Vessels of war of a belligerent phall not remain in
such waters longer than twenty-four hours ar any one-time, except In case of distress,
ami in such case shall depart ae soon as popplble; but a vessel of war of a belligerent
phall not depart within twenty-four hours fronr. the departure of a vessel of war of the
other belligerent.
It is agreed, however, that none of the immediately foregoing
conditions and stipulations in sections numbered 1, 2, 3, 4 and 5 of
this article shall apply to measures which the United States may
find it necessary to take for securing, by its own forces, the defense
of the United States and the maintenance of public order.
6. The plant, establishments, buildings and all works necessary to the construction,
maintenance and operation of the canal shall be deemed to be part thereof for the pur
poses of this convention, and in time of war as in time ,of peace shall enjoy com
plete Immunity from attack or injury by belligerents and from .acts calculated to
Impair their usefulness as part of the canal.
7. No fortifications shall be erected commanding the canal or the waters'adjacent.
The United States, however, shall be at liberty to maintain such military police along
the canal as may be necessary to protect it against lawlessness and disorder.
ARTICLE IIL
Tfce high contracting parties, will. Immediately upon the exchange of the ratifi
cation of this convention, bring It to the notice of the other powers and Invite them
to adhere to It. * '. .
ARTICLE IV.
The preeent convention shall be ratified by the President of the United State*,
by and with the advice and consent of the Senate thereof, | and by Her Britannic Ma
jesty, and the ratifications shall be exchanged at Washington' or at London within
six months from the date hereof, or earlier If possible.
COMfUITE JEXT
of the
HAY-PAUNCEFOTE TREATY
With the Davis Amendmant
Accused of Having Accepted Bribes
to Permit Saloons to Remain
Open Sundays.
OMAHA. Dec. 19.— The writ of habeai
corpus asked for Mayor Kelley of South
Omaha was to-day denied by Ju<?ge Bax
ter In the District Court. Kelley must
now stand trial In the Criminal Court on
a charge of having received bribe money
at the hands of Omaha and other brew
ers as an inducement to permit tho
saloons of South Omaha to remain opea
all night and on Sundays. Mayor Kelley
will now give the bond required by Uw
court.
SOUTH OMAHA MAYOR
MTJST STAND TRIAL
lease him from his lease; that. In substance,
the article, as It wis written in The Call,
was. true. He did not say whether, he knew It
of his own knowledge j.r otherwise."
Q.— But didn't you say In your direct tes
timony that he called your attention to the
fact that In his letter he did not deny . the
article absolutely, but co far as his knowl
edge went ?
A.— No.
Q.— Did he call your attention to that at that
tlm»?
A.— Xo. I do not believe that I so testified.
Q. — Well, did he, at a subsequent interview,
so state to you? »
A.— Well, if you will let me ten -you what
occurred at the Butmeijuent interview. I will
tell you.
Q. — Well, I am not calling; for anything that
occurred at any interview, but I want to know
ir he said that. •¦':'.¦¦
?Mr. Delmas— Satd-wliat?-' ¦ • * . -
! ' Mr. Preston— Said what? Let the reporter
j take down the language. .
Mr. Ma&ulre— I will read It: "If he said to
you that the letter simply denied the article
so far as his own knowledge was concerned."
Did he say that to you?
A.— No. He said just as I have repeated' it.
The Court— No, at any time.
A. — Oh, at any time?
The Court — 'At any subsequent interview.
A. — Well, he had no knowledge of It per
sonally.
Mr. Magulre— He told you that?
• A. — Yes, sir.
The Court — That was at a subsequent inter
view?
A.— Yes, sir; but he had Information— .
Mr. Magulre (Interrupting)— I am not calling
for that, Mr. Spreckels,
Mr. Delmas — I think the witness has a. per
fect right to state It.
Mr. Maguire: Q. — When was that subsequent
Interview of which you have spoken?
A.— Well, it would be difficult for me to
recall the date. I am h pretty busy man and
I can't recall dates. I have had several inter
j views with him at ray office and at the club
and in different places.' *
' Q.— You could not locate the particular In
terview In which he made that statement?
A.— No, »lr.
Q. — You could not locate nor nx the time
of that interview?
A. — No, I could not. " |
Mr. Magulre— That is all. MrJ Spreckels.
Knew Reports Were True.
Mr. Delmas: Q.— Mr. Spreckels, you were
about to state a moment ago, when counsel in
terrupted you, that General Warfleld stated
that although he had no personal knowledge
of these matters, yet he knew 'that they were
true from reports which had been brought to
him. and upon which he relied?
A.— Yes, sir.
Mr. Magulre— Just a moment, Mr. Spreckels.
That is objected to aa not rebuttal, and as
leading and suggestive. ¦
Mr. Delmas— Well, that was what the wit
ness was stating when you Interrupted him.
.The Court— He had not proceeded that far.'
Mr. Delmas— Well, proceed then and give us
the whole answer to which I have alluded and
which counsel . cut oft by his objections, when
the general stated that, of his own Individual
knowledge, he did not know these things, but
that he knew them to be true. Now go on
and complete the sentence.
ijr. Magulre — That -goes in subject to our
objection and exception?
The Court— Very well. |
A.— I questioned General Warfleld, as I said
before, for the purpose of ascertaining whether
an Injustice had been done Slim.
Mr. JDelmas — To Mr. ,von Schroeder?
A.— To the Baron. And - he related to me
various occurrences, telling me whence ¦ he de
rived the Information; some things he got from
his wife, others from a lady who was a secre
tary, for him. I think Miss Hathaway.
Mr. Maguire — One moment.
The Court— I don't think that Is really the
answer i that Mr. Delmas was seeking.
Mr. Delmas— No, - but It is a very good one,
if ' your Honor please.
The Court— I understand, but It ia going, per
haps, beyond the limits. Judge Magulre asked
you whether i General Warfleld did not ety to
you at that subsequent Interview, that he had
no personal knowledge concerning this matter,
but from sources of information — and there the
witness was stopped. I will allow the witness
to finish that answer. '
Mr. Delmaa: Q.— But from sources of Infor
mation—now finish that answer, which Judge
Magulre Interrupted when you were about to
give tt.^ <^^^£^a«sdfiesa5aKi>'MiBiiaMiui- ujqf*
A. — Well, from sources of Information he
knew that the substance o£ the article was
true *
O.— Was true? ¦
A.— Yes. sir.
Mr. Delmas— That 18 all.
Mr. Maguire— I will ask you one question
more: Did you have a conversation with Mr.
Leake or anybody -else in your office in the
presence of a ¦. man named MaglU, I think It
was, who • was employed . In your office, about
the publication of the article suggosted by
Perkins against the Baron before the publica
tion of the article here charged as llbelous?
A.— I never heard anything at all of. it. until
I saw- the article appear in the paper itself.
The Defense Rests.
Mr. Preston— I want to offer in evidence
new the whole article declared upon.
. Mr. Maguire— Wkat is that?
Mr. Preston— We wish to offer In evidence
the whole article. /
Mr. Magulre — Objected to an Immaterial, Ir
relevant and Incompetent. The pleadings de
termine what the llbelous matter is.
Mr. Preston— Oh. no.
Mr. Maguire— We object to the . Introduction
cf this matter at thl3 time.
Mr. Preston — It Is not . new • matter.
Mr. Magulre (after' further discussion) — I
think we will withdraw the objection . and
allow Mr. Preston to put his llbelous matter in.
The Court— Do you withdraw it?
Mr. Magulre — Yes, sir. we will withdraw It.
The Court — It may • be considered as read to
the Jury in evidence at this time?
Mr. Maguire— Yes. sir. .'- • •
Mr. Preston— There Is no necessity for read-
In? it now;. It may be considered as read In
evidence?
' Mr. Magulre — Yes, sir, ¦ that Is agreed to. '
Mr.= Preston— Then the whole article may be
considered as - read in evidence. The defense
rests.'? - . - ¦• • • .- ...
; The further hearing of the case, was
continued until this morning., at 10:15
o'clock.".
PARIS, Dec. 19.— The French Gov
ernment has given the most em
phatic denial to those French pa
pers which tried to involve the
American Embassy in the Paris
disclosures in connection with the United
States War Department's knowledge of
French gun secrets by offering the cross
of the Legion of Honor to Lieutenant W.
S. Sims, the former United States naval
attache at Paris, whom La Presse de
scribes as the person guilty of disclosing
the gun secrets. When the news - was
first published here the anti-governmental
press at once moved to use it as a weapon
spainst the Ministry; and La Presse ac
cused anonymously the ex-naval attache
of the United States Embassy, making the
description so distinct that diplomatic cir
cles knew Lieutenant Sims was intended.
It said, among other' things, that "he
acted almost openly as a spy for several
years." - .
The news became public to-day that M.
Delcasse, the Minister of Foreign Affairs,
had offered the cross of the Leyion of
Honor to Lieutenant Sims, who is now on
board the battleship Kentucky. As the
lieutenant Is a Government official he is
unable to accept the honor without the
consent of Congress.
This mountain rises out of the plateau
and is perfectly flat on top, several thou
sand acres being embraced in this tta:
surface. The top of the mountain cannot
be reached except at one place, and In th=»
early part of the century it was the ren
dezvous of a band of brigands, who art?
said to have buried a va3t amount of
treasure In the mountain.
This treasure has never been discovered,
and this fact adds to the interest of Dr.
Halstead's present investigations. Dr.
Halstead will also visit the Mltla ruins in
the State of Oazaca.
AUSTIN". Tex.. Dec. 19.— Dr. Bruce Kal
stead, a member of the faculty of the
State University, has gone to Mexico to
pursue some important archaeological in
vestigations. He will spend some time ex
ploring the ancient ruins to be found on
Table Mountain near Lampasas, in the
State of Nuevo Leon.
- *
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Important Investigation to
Ba Carried on by Dr.
Halstead.
WILL EXPLORE
TABLE MOUNTAIN
Continued From Page Two.
LONDON, Dec. 19.— The story, of Lady
Miles, widow of Sir Philip -Miles- • her
thousands and a bucket shop. Is being
told before a Lord Chief Justice, the lady
having sued Messrs. Duncans of "Water
loo Place for £C127, the proceeds of a sale
of consols. » . . .-• v'
Duncans Is the name under which Hen
ry Lowenfeld of the Shaftesbury Theater.
A. A, Hannay and W. Stark do business
as outside, or "curb". stock brokers. They
issued a book called "How Money Makes
Money." Lady Miles saw this book in
August, 1S9S, and wrote to Messrs. Dun
cans. , Since then £10,000 or more of her
money has passed through . Duncans'
bands. •.¦..
Lady Miles began with a three-share
deal In/August, 189S. On November, 1899,
transactions involving about £100,000 were
open between her ladyship and Duncans.
"While the firm," said the plaintiffs
counsel, "were/ ever ready with advice to
Lady Miles about buying stocks and
shires, whenever, she bought they, al
ways sold." . ; ¦.'.-"
¦¦ Toward j the end of the dealings Lady
Miles' r- daughter suggested to Messrs.
Duncans that It would be a good thing to
sell -instead' of buying. Mr. Hannay told
her it would be ruinous to "sell or bear."
: Saftf •: Lady Miles: "I now see-it would
have been ruinous— to him; so he did not
sell." .
Lady Miles decided to so in more heav
ily. -'A statement of her account rendered
on November 24 showed that the proceeds
of the sale of her £C500 in consols, as well
as. some gold field shares, had been ab
forbed. v
\"A portion of your capital is used to
reduce the value of your shares," was
the way the firm j>ut It. When she in
structed them to close hsr speculative ac
counts she was told that all her money
had been swallowed up, besides which she
ewed the firm the sum of £1SOO. This
meant that Lady Miles had lost alto
gether £10,719. She was being cross-ex
v mined when the case was adjourned.
STORY OF THE BARON'S
IMMORALITY CLOSES
— v~~
Suit for an Accounting: Brsveals the
Actions of Brokers Who Sold ,'
When Their- Clients;
Purchased.'. ¦;.
Story of Bad Speculations
Told to tae Lord Chi«f
Justice.
LADy MILES AND
THE BUCKET SHOP
Panama Company and Colombian
Government Oppose Nicara
guan Route.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 19.—Understand
ing that action by the United States fav
orable to the Nicaragua canal will mean
the death of the Panama enterprise,
Colombia is prepared to join forces with
the Panama Canal Company and the Pa
cific railroad Interests to block the enact
ment of canal legislation by Congress.
Colombia appreciates that the Panama
Canal Company cannot possibly comptete
the Panama waterway with the funds
now available, and that In order to effect
Its completion the company will have to
make a loan of at least $100,000,000. It also
understands that so long as there is agi
tation in the United States for the con
struction of the Nicaragua canal the Pan
ama Company will be unable to raise
funds to execute the work.
It is therefore, regarded as to the, in
terest of Colombia to join forces with
other opponents of the Nicaragua canal
to prevent legislation in favor of that
enterprise, and at the same time to show
to the United States the willingness to
have this Government construct the Pan
ama canal.
Although the Minister for Foreign Af
fairs of Colombia has privately an
nounced the purpose of his Government
to re-establish its legation here, he has
not communicated the fact to the State
Department, and the authorities are con
sequently not informed as to the charac
ter of the canal proposals the new Min
ister will submit. That Colombia la will
ing to cancel the concession of the Pan
ama Canal Company, provided she can do
so with profit to herself, there Is no doubt,
but there is no disposition on the part
of the executive to urge her to do so.
TO BLOCK THE CANAL BILL.
.WASHINGTON, Dec. 19.-To-day'g ex
executive session of the . Senate demon
strated that the discussion of the Hay-
Pauncefote treaty by that body Is practi
cally exhausted, and that the Senate Is
ready for the vote, which has been fixed
for to-morrow. When, upon Senator
Lodge's motion, the doors were closed to
day and called -up the : treaty, no Sen
ator evinced a desire to speak upon It.
Without making any special request for
speakers. Lodge asked the Senate to take
up the treaty with Spain, providing tor
cession to the United States of the
Philippine Islands of Slbutu and Cag
ayan, Sulu and their dependencies in
consideration of the payment to Spain of
$100,000. Objection to this request was
made by several Senators, including Hoar.
Wellington and Bacon, and Senator Lodge,
with the hope of removing the objection
made, went Into a brief explanation of the
terms of the negotiation. He explained
that the islands axe comprised In the Phil
ippine group, and said that they were sup
posed to have been ceded by Spain In the
Paris treaty, and the United States had
taken possession of the islands under this
supposition. It was soon found, however,
that the definite line of our acquisition
fixed by the freaty cut both of them out.
It Is a rule of law. he explained, that a
definite boundary description always su
persedes an indefinite description. Hence
in order to leave no doubt of our owner
ship, the treaty for the cession of these
islands hed been negotiated, and he be
lieved that the United States would be
saved much trouble in the future by con
summating the bargain. He characterized
the proceeding as in the nature of a quiet
ing title process. Lodge also called atten
tion to the fact that one of the islands*
is directly on the line of communication
with Borneo and the straits, and he drew
the conclusion That seine day it mght be
important as a cable station.
Senators Hoar and Bacon said they
would like to have more time to consider
the question, and Senator Wellington
made unqualified objection.
Accordingly the treaty was laid aside
for the time being.
Treaty Providing for the Purchase of
Islands of the . Philip
. pine Group Considered and
f/ ; :<V Laid Aside.
Senators Evince No Further
Desire to Speak on the
Subject.
READY TO VOTE
ON CANAL TREATY
THE SAN FRANCISCO .../CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 20, 1900.
French Government Denies Charges and
Proffers Cross of Legion of Honor.
LIEUTENANT SIMS DID
NOT STEAL GUN SECRETS
west point. n\ y.. Dec. 19.— Some in
teresting testimony was brought out to
day by the court of Inquiry which is in
vestigating- the alleged hazing of cadets
at the Military Academy here In connec
tion with the recent death of former Ca
det Boor.
Thirty-five cadets were examined dur
ing the morning and afternoon sessions.
tna of these one was the brother of Lieu
tenant Hobson of Merrlmac fame, an
other was the son of General Phil Sheri
dan and a third Mark Brooke of Pennsyl
vania, a nephew of General Brooke, who
f the presiding: officer of the court. All
three told of the hazing they got during
the encampment of 1896. at the time Booz
wag their classmate, and not one of them
said that the treatment received or the
things they had to do were either brutal
cr degradirg.
Hobeon's worst ordeal was when he had
to stand on his heaiJ in a bathtub in which
there were about ien inches of water. He
eaid he was partially strangled, but was
all right in a few minutes. Young Phil
Sheridan was made to ride a broomstick
•iloig the street in commemoration of his
Illustrious father's ride, and he had to
keep shouting 'Turn, boys, turn," all the
time. He did not think this was humil
iating, he said, although he did not relish
the task.
In nearly every instance the witnesses
said that all the more brutal forms of
hazing were obsolete, and while "bracing""
was etlll practiced secretly it was against
the regulations, and if any one were de
tected violating these regulations he
would bo summarily dealt with and se-_
verely punished. There are about a score'
or more of Boooz's classmates to be ex
amined, and there are several of the first
class men to be hoard from as well as
some of the officers. The court may not
ret through the taking of testimony until
Saturday.
Treatment Accorded Them Was In No
Instance Degrading or Brutal
According to Their
Views.
Former Classmates of Booz
on the Witness
Stand.
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Wall
P^tlsPsP
It is cheap— that is why
such quantities are sell-
ing. I: is good, and that
is another reason.
10,000 PIECES '
2 \ CENTS IN QUANTITIES
Single Pieces at retail, as wanted . 3c
Double Bolls at retail, as wanted . . 6c
Lots of 100 Double Bolls, assorted . $5
Border, 9 inches wide, to match, yd. . lc
C/%SH STORE
25-27 Market Street.
£p Hoffmanettes Cn
•«» Cigar, m
THE HILSON CO.. Makers. N. Y.
XAU, 6ADLEB * 00.. DiitribsUrs, 8» I ruciic*.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
o Large Stock of §
I Rich |
| Holiday I
5 Goods |
• At •
o Popular Prices. J
p Neck Dress 9
6 Night Robes #
• Shirts •
© Underwear •
® Gloves ®
S Suspenders r
0 Pajamas a
<j Handkerchiefs J
O Umbrellas Q
• Collars O
• Cuffs, etc. •
! EAGLESON & CO.'S !
% 74 S and ToO Ma-ket St., §
• 242 Montgomery St. *!
eooccoooocdt&oeooooo*«
HUTTED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF TIIE
Scottish Union and National
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF EDINRCRGH. FOOTLAXD, ON THE
31st day '>f December. A. D. 1S39, and for
th<» j»ar *n<Jin» on that day. as made to the '
Insurance OaBUatataBar or the State of Call- !
Jornla. pursuant to the provlFlcn* of swtlons
, €10 and €11 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Real E*tat« owned by Company $ 2C3.S0S !4
I>oa.ns on Bonds and Mortgages 12M 432 45
Cash market vaiu. cf all Stocks and
Bond! owned by Company '..... 2,014,110 42
Amount cf Lrar.t secured by pledge
of Bonds, Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities es collateral 1.900 00
Cash In Company's Office HI (.2
Cash In Banks 215,765 SI '
Intereat due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 20 862 91
. Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 1J.500 12
Premium* in due course of collection 227,260 M
TOUI Asset* t4.0C3.4S4 41
LIABILITIES. ""
Jjaute* adjusted and unpaid $ 74,478 J5
Lcreee la proce&s of adjustment or
In suspense 1J7,61« 00
L«o«*es resisted. lne!u£!sg expense*.. 14,665 04
Groas premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one rear or less, S1.6C2.416 86;
reinsurance 60 per cent 801.208 41
Grocs premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $1,930,-
4S2 3E; reinsurance pro rata 1.022.833 IS
Inie and accrued for salaries, rent,
etc 2.000 0C
Commisrions and brokerage due and
to become due 85,693 >J
Total Liabilities R.148.SO0 37
INCOME. — — — _
Net cash actually received for Fire .
premiums J2.1S9,4O0 22
Jlecelved for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages y'L'^i'"!' C7 ' 265 K
Jlecelved for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks, Leans, and from
all other sources ••• 7X.120 73
Total Income fe.J44.7M 47
EXPENDITURES. *
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(iBCludinr I319.C25 S4. losses of pre-
vious years) tl.750,116 20
Paid er allowed for commission or .
brokerage 477.623 85
Paid for salaries, fees and other /;
charges for officer*, clerks, etc... I18.6C1 £3
raid for State. National and Local
taxes T. M.265 90 ¦
All other payments and expenditures 117.629 01
Total Expenditures .J2.S48.O96 C»
JAS. H. BREWSTER. Manager.
PcbKcrfbed and eworn to before me, this 23d
day of January, 1300.
CLAJUCSOS N. FOWLER.
Notary Public
f PACIFIC COA6T DEPARTMENT 1
R. C. MEDCRAFT, General Agent,
319 California Street 6. P. *
CAN FRANCISCO CITY AGENTS 1
MANHEIM, DIBBERN & CO.,
2IT 6atn«otne Street, 6. F. —
Kidney Trouble Makes Ton Miserable.
Almost everybody who reads the news-
papers is sure to know of the wonderful
» t ? £n I cures made by Dr.
' — 7^4--T^? U Kilmer's Swamp-Roct,
t iy^jy I] the great kidney, liver
TC ipSrrr^J I* and bladder remedy.
' UlrSVi iv= is the great medl-
* I*jt V 1: ?f cal trium ph °' &* niae-
\ vj_ I " 11 teenth century; dis-
|g^ i s _____ jjl I covered after years of
.4 l'F 1 ¦ , «._ lilli scientific research by
•n tf=- -Qfcpkl Dr. Kilmer, the emt-
» - —^^s^ - " nent kidne y an< * b^d-
¦ ji.ii .-r^s^-s*- • (j er specialist, and is
wonderfully successful in promptly curing
lame back, kidney, bladder, uric acid trou-
bles and Bright's Disease, which is the worst
form of kidney trouble.
Dr. Kilmer s Swamp-Root is not rec-
ommended for everything but if you have kid-
ney, liver or bladder trouble it will be found
just the remedy you need. It has been tested
in so many ways, in hospital work, in private.*
practice, among the helpless too poor to pur-
chase relief and has proved so successful in
every case that a special arrangement has
been made by which all readers 6l thispapc?
who have not already tried it, may have ft
sample bottle sent free by mail, also a book
telling more about Swamp-Root and how to
find out if you have kidney or bladder trouble.
V/hen writing mention reading this gsneroua
offer in this paper and tC'K**-
send your address to !flfi»p5S53!S
Dr. Kilmer &Co.,Bing-&R^Sil|H :^ J RSj
hamton, N. Y. The
regular fifty cent and nomeef swamp-itooe.
dollar sizes arc sold by ali jrood dn^ists.
DB. KIUrIER'3 SWAMP-BOOT.
DO YOU GET UP
WITH A LAME BACK?
Ipfell;
M " M *7 > '^^ MM^"""»«iMSSS»lSSSSSSSSSSSlllMM l BMMM
wMm\ a*. TT wJL III J
\ "^^ r M j 3L jL ssb^/ V 1 HIM L&
: I J^J^ Jf\ 9^^ W_^y f/^ f\jj j — — —
ill H one , o i our
J||| II measure
i if! -I ' Ifiloll I * • M ake your friend a Christ- j
s»ty 1 1 S mas P resent by presenting j
Win irWl 'I' I h ' m with an order * or one oi
mm ||fj|ffa our made-to-measure suits. j
|jk ! | ; j'ly rp||Jj |yf The orders are issued for !
my if I !p ii an^ amount y° u wls^> zs we ]
mm f jjjlyi fl have suits at all prices.
Itiiln 1 If f W'ti Your friend can present the
•^ ilill'rnfl Hm" order any time and pick out
Ii §M ' IHIi W the pattern that pleases him.
I j'lj'l giJH; iff . We can then take his meas- i
ill ii wl '$ Every suitis a "Yeargood"
iflli '''I ImH'(] su ' 1 — guaranteed from this j
lip/' i-wiLs^sss^^ Christmas to the next. Si;
Wn\j7 y^GS^uHJr' Out-of-town orders filttd - buy ona i
>"'«L |><r%^- of the orders for your friend. |
#V* W \J %J \J Q) 1 v/
T18 Market St. and •
Cor. Powell and Eddy.¦ We' have ; a splendid, assortment of fine
lamps and onyx, tables. No other line so
good for the'.money in- the. city.
Vail & Co.. 711 Market atreet. ~r ¦¦-•'.;
. ¦--:•-¦_•!"
Lamps and Onyx Tables.
We have Just received a nice lot of mod
erate-priced statuary. Beautiful pieces
from $1 to $20 each.- Just the thing for a
Christmas present. Sanborn, Vail & Co.,
741 Market street/ * •*—'* • \- •
Christmas Statuary.
The elder Burns was a wealthy ranch
and sheep owner, who came here recently
and invested heavily in icrigable.. lands.
He was superintending the building: of the
irrigation canal when the accident oc
curred. A large rescue force Is at work.
"-¦"¦' - ¦ : ¦ • ¦ ** . . ¦ .: ,
. S AN • JOSE. Dec. 19.— At a 'citizen*' ; tneetinr
to-night it was announced that the rubecrlp
tlon to meet the debt of the Unlvenrtty : of the
Pacific had reached $34, 640. leaving bat 15400 t&
bft raised befor» January L
CHADRON. Nebr./Dee. 19.— Three men
were this afternoon buried alive beneath
thirty-five , feet of earth In an Irrigation
canal four miles east, of "this city. The
names oi the men are C* Burns of Mon
tana, Staunch Burns, his son. and Woody
Lltchfleld. a hired hand. • ; *.'
Which They Were at Work
, Caves in. {
Bank of an Irrigation Canal on
THREE MEN BURIED
UNDER TONS OF EARTH;
Matter of Alimony Settled Between'
Parties and Amount Kept
Secret.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Dec. 19.— Peter Sells,
the | well-known circus manager, of the
Sells Brothers and Forepaugh shows. was>
to-day granted a divorce from his wlfei
on. the ground of gross neglect of dutyJ
The matter of alimony and costs was left
open to ba settled by agreement among:
the parties. The decision to-day was the
termination of a highly sensational' case
which has been in progress in the courts;
here for several weeks.
The amount of alimony agreed upon waa
kept secret by the parties interested, but'
from an authoritative source it is learned
that the amount is $30,000. of which $20,000
is in real estate. All other suits which
were pending as a result of the divorce
case were dismissed.
SHOWKAN SELLS "/'.:
GRANTED A DIVORCE
- PORTLAND, Or.. Dec . 19.— The Cana-,
dlan Bank of Commerce haa ¦ purchased
the Bank of British Columbia,; compris
ing its ten branches in' British
Oregon and California and one in London.
The Western banks are located at Port
land, San Francisco, Victoria, Vancouver,
Nanalmo. Kamloops, Rossland , Nelson,
Sandon and New Westminster. The deal
was consummated at Toronto on Decem
ber 11, and the change will be put into
effect on January 1 next. The home of
fice of the Canadian Bank of Commerce
is at Toronto. The capital of the new in
stitution will be $8,000,000.
a Concern Having Ten Branch
Houses.
Canadian Bank of Commerce Absorbs
PURCHASES THE BANK ;
. OF BRITISH COLUMBIA
ASHLANT), Ky., Dec lfl.-^At 8 o'clock
this morning, during a heavy fog, two
electric cars, both well filled 'with pas
sengers, collided near the center of th<3
city. They were running at a rapid rate
of speed. Motorman John Scisco was
pinioned between the cars and fs believed
to be fatally injured. Motorman William
Campbell Is also in a critical condition,
being cut with glass about the body and
face. Conductor Walter Hutchinson was
badly cut about the body and face.
Among the passengers injured are Frank
Brunning,' County Attorney: Miss- Annie
Kerr of Normal, Ky., internally, may die;
Mrs. John G. Patton. Catlettsburg, Ky.;
Frank Frelt, Mrs. Lydla Moore. Catletts
burg. Half a dozen others were more or
less injured.. Both cars were almost to
tally wrecked. , . •
fully Injured In a Kentucky
Wreck.
One Man Fatally and Others Pain-
STREETCARS : COLLIDE
' "* TpTTR.'TTT/* ' TTTH A \i V 3TOG
MARYSVILLE, Dec. 19.— Stockholders
of the new woolen mills met last evening
and elected ' John Martin president, H.
Chelm vice president. R. G. Stanwood sec
retary, N. D. Rideout treasurer and Fred
Carter superintendent and manager. The
contract waa let for the construction of
the mill building and machinery was pur
chased for the plant. The site of the old
Marysville woolen factory was purchased
by the new concern, together with all of
the old trademarks. The new factory will
be in operation by the first of next April.
Mary svi lie's "Woolen Mills.
WINTERS. Dec 19.— The session of the
Co-unty Sunday School Workers last even
ing was conducted by Earl S. Bingham of
San Jose, the general secretary, and
Henry F. Plant, the normal superintend
ent from Saratoga. The feature was the
blackboard normal lesson given by Mr.
Plant. At this morning's session the 'topic
was "Primary Workers.-' Earl S. Blng
ham made a short speech in which he set
forth scientific and methodical ways of
conducting primary work. "Our Young
People and the Boy Graduate" was the
general topic of the afternoon session.
This evening Mr. Plant ¦ spoke on "The
Faithful and Unfaithful Teacher," and
Mr. Blngham on "What Is the Association
Doing for the Individual School?"
Sunday School Workers Meet.
NATURAL GAS FOUND IN
EASTERN WASHINGTON
Discovery Made Through Applying
a Match to a Bubble on
- a Lake.
TACOMA, Dec. . 19.— The discovery of
natural gas along Pine Creek, in Eastern
Washington, is the cause of much excite
ment at Rosalia. Spokane men have ob*
tained leases on 8000 acres of land near
Pine City. The farmers now steadfastly
refuse to enter into any more contracts
until they ascertain to a certainty what
really exists under their land. ¦
Several exhibition tests of the gas show
that it is of good quality. The gas es
capes in large bubbles through the water
of Pine Creek and Rock Lake. This phe
nomenon has been observed by people of
that vicinity for the paat twenty-two
years, but none thought of it being gas
until this fall, when some one applied a
lighted match to a bubble and a blaze re
sulted. • ¦ ¦ ¦•'¦¦-:•'• v- !
Williams repeatedly demanded of the
defendants, and particularly of Sena
tor Jones, payment and settlement,
but they refused. Prior to commencement
of the action Williams assigned his ac
count to his wife. Mrs. Dora Williams,
and on the 12th of December, 1DO0, Mrs.
Williams assigned to Charles H. Peters
the account and claim against the defen
dants for his own use and benefit in part,
and as trustee of an express trust to the"
residue. Soon after the sale of the
shares A. C. Hamilton departed from the-
State of Nevada, and he has returned only/
at rare intervals, and has not been In the
State more than two year altogether since
August 14, 1SS4. Senator Jones still claims
to be a resident of Nevada, but soon after
the 14th day of August, 1884 says the com- ;
plaint, he departed from Nevada and haa
not been within the State more than one
year altogether since that time. ;
Plaintiff pray3 for judgment for the sum ¦
of $31,432 60 and interest -thereon from 1
July 15, 1887, at the rate of seven per cent.
Attachment papers have been issued
against the Mexican mill.
CARSON CITY, Dec. 19.— Papers were
filed to-day In a suit In which Charles
Peters is plaintiff and United States
Senator John P. Jones and A. C.
Hamilton' are' defendants. The turn of
$31,000 is Involved, together with interest
of $29,520. The complaint alleges that on
or. about the 14th day of August, 1SS4,
Evan Williams loaned to Jones and Ham
ilton 6000 shares of the capital stock of
the . Chollar Mining Company and 2250
shares of the capital stock of the PotosI
Mining Company. On or prior to the 15th
day of July, 1S87, it is alleged, the defend
ants appropriated and converted these
shares to their own use without Williams'
consent. They are charged with having
sold the shares for $31,432 50. At that time
the chares were worth more than $4 each.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Complaint Charges tbe Ne
vada Statesman Witiv
Fraud.
SENATOR JONES
DEFENDANT IN
A CIVIL SUIT
VANCOUVER, Dec 19.— The steamer
Royalist arrived In port to-day, ' thirty
three days from Japan and ten days over
due. Several days out she encountered a
terrible gale, which broke her steering
sr^ar and a sailor was washed overboard.
The Royalist was badly battered about
and her crew never expected to reach
port She Is the largest sugar ship and
has the largest cargo ever brought across
the Pacific, comprising 4000 tons of raw
sugar.
Encounters a" . Terrific Gale While
Crossing From Japan and One
of Her Seamen Is Lost
STEAMER ROYALIST
REACHES VANCOUVER
BADLY BATTERED
TACOMA, Dec. 19.— Tacoma has been
selected as one of the new ¦Western fields
for the establishment of a branch of the
Church of Latter-Day Saints, or the Mor
mon Church. Delegates from Salt Lake
City have begun a house-to-house can
vass with the object of making converts
to the faith and organizing a tabernacle
In this city. There are four of them In
all and they are canvassing the city
thoroughly, each being well supplied with
literature and ready at all times to-an
swer questions.
Tacoma is not the only place that has
been selected for the expansion of this
faith. In many of the towns and cities
of the Northwest the work is going on
and in some, it is said, there has been
good progress. Before the present prose
lltizing movement shall have ended, it Is
intended to have Mormon churches estab
lished in all the leading communities of
the Northwest. If this can be done 'the
Mormon Church probably will be made
national In its territorial scope, instead of
being confined chiefly to Utah.
The Mormon pamphlet distributed her©
disclaims the teachings of polygamy. It
is of twenty-four pages and treats of
faith, repentence, baptism, reception of
the Holy Ghost, authority and articles of
faith.
t
Epecial Dispatch to The Call.
Delegates From Salt Lake Select Ta
coma as the Location for One
of Several Branch Talh
ernacles.
SEEKING TO EXTEND
THE INFLUENCE OF
MORMON CHURCH
LOS ANGELES, Dee. IS.— John Ryan, while
«--c?£.-"1 in ropairinr a roof In this city late
this afternoon. ups?t hip portable furnace,
which limited the roof. While endeavoring to
extinguish the flames, Ryan wa* badly burned
• bcut the face, arms and breast and probably
will die.
Explosion at Santa Clara Followed
by Conflagration.
PAN JOSE. Dec. 19.— An explosion of a
carboy of bisulphide of carbon resulted in
wrecking the drug store of Samuel Ober
deener on Franklin street. In Santa Clara,
this morning. Fire followed the explo
sion and the place was completely ruined.
F. B. Baer, a clerk, who was working
with the bisulphide of carbon, was badly
burned about the head and hands and is
confined to his home under the care of
two physicians, it is not believed he in
haled any of the flame? of the sulphide.
There were two distinct explosions, the
second following quickly upon the first.
Fire at once started, but before the de
partment could get to work a third ex
plosion wrecked the interior of the store.
The blaze was an intensely fierce one and
for a time it seemed that It would spread
to adjoining buildings. The loss will
reach $S0tX>. The place was insured for
J4000.
?
GIANT REDWOOD FALLS
ACROSS RAILWAY TRACX
Dynamite Used to Effect Its Removal
Before Traffic Can Be
Resumed.
SANTA CRUZ. Dec. 19.— An Immense
redwood tree, six feet In diameter, fell
across the railroad track above Rincon
station last evening at five o'clock. Trains
to and from San i rancisco had to transfer
their passengers around the tree for &
time. To remove the fallen monarch of
the forest it was necessary to saw it off
and then with giant powder blow it from
the track. The two rails were broken and
had to be replaced.. The telegraph wires
were snapped, and for a time telegraphic
communication was at a standstill.
The 6 o'clock narrow gauge train did
not arrive here until 2:20 o'clock this
morning, ar.d the Boulder train did not
reach Boulder until nearly 3 o'clock.
DRUGSTORE WRECKED.
"From Teller City to Checkers, in the Koogrock district, is about
130 miles.
"The strikes were all made late in July and In August. Bedrock
has been reached in none of the claims, and bedrock Is where such
placers show their richness. On the Koogrock creeks coarse gold was
found among the grass roots. In Xo. 7 on Quartz Creek two men took
out $1200 In seven hours. In a number of others from $200 to $300 per
day was taken out with a rocker. Single pans gave as high as $21.
And remember all this was practically surface mining. No one
knows how rich the placers may prove as bedrock Is ap
proached.
"The Koogrock tributaries that jrive most promise are Harris,
Quartz, Garlield, Dahl, North Fork and Coffey. but of course claims
are not now to be had except by purchase In any of the creeks show
ing colors. N. T, Brander, Charles D. Lane. Count Podhoraki and a
Mr. Hirschler have bought up the cream of the claims In the Koog
rock district.
"All of the creeks emptying Into Grantley harbor from the north,
Just across from Teller, show colors and they are all staked off. Eg-
Joo Creek, particularly, promises well. In surface Indications It greatly
resembles Anvil Creek at Nome.
/'Away from the Teller City site the whole country Is tundra. Along
the creeks there are willows plentiful enough to furnish firewood. On
most of the creeks there will be plenty of water for working the pla
cers."
Prosecution oi. Percy Love
joy Comes to a Sud
den Close.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BAN JOSE, Dec. 19.— The prosecution of
Percy Lovejoy for failing to make good
his promise to marry Ethel "Waterhouse,
a pretty seventeen-year-old girl of Moun
tain View, came to a sudden end this
afternoon, the young people getting mar
ried by a Justice of the Peace. A strong
case had been made against Lovejoy, who
had beep brought back from Oregon to
answer to the charge against him. At
noon the prosecution concluded the intro
duction of Its evidence. A number of
witnesses had testified to the good char
acter of the girl. At this stage of the
proceedings Lovejoy expressed his will
ingness to marry Miss Waterhouse/ At
torneys Partridge and Jacobs, who were
assisting the District Attorney's office In
the prosecution, acquainted her with the
fact and she readily consented.
It was decided to keep the affair from
the parents of both in the fear that a
hitch would occur, as bitter enmity
exists between the families of Lovejoy
and Waterhouse on account of the
charge.' Miss Waterhouse and Lovejoy
made their way by separate routes to t^he
office of Attorney B. A. , Herrington,
counsel for the defendant. . A license had
been- procured and Justice Rosenthal ex
cused himself from court for a few min
utes so as to perform the ceremony. The
couple plighted- their troth for all time
and then they, the Judge and the attor
neys adjournedvto the courtroom.
The dismissal of the case came as a
sensation to the -large number, of Moun
tain View people. 'who were. present as
witnesses. " Miss" i Waterhouse's parents
forgave Lovejoy and extended a blessing'
to the couple, but Papa Lovejoy . was
obstinate. He refused to take his newly
acquired daughter-in-law's hand and mut
tered threats that he would drive his son
from home. • ' - • • . - ¦ • ¦
Both the young people were reared at
Mountain View and are members of fami
lies prominent in that locality. '
SOUTHERN' CAXilFOKNTA
FABMERS' INSTITUTE
Discussion on Irrigation Consumes
Much of the Time at
Riverside.
RIVERSIDE. Dec. 19.— The regular fall
session of the Southern, California Farm
ers' Institute was "held in' this city, to
day. The visiting delegates were wel
comed to the city by John G. North. The
first address was by Professor Cook on
"Farmers' Institutes," He outlined the
history of the institutes and told, of the
objects of the organization. Not a single
afhliatlng club had dropped out and many
had been formed. .
Professor A. W. Sprague. president of
the Deciduous > Fruit Exchange, who ad
dressed the institute on the question of
schools, urged that the schools should
embody in their studies more concerning
the farms and orchards and their prod
ucts.
. The subject of Irrigation occupied. much
of the time of the session. "Economy of
"Water Use" drew forth an interesting dis
cussion and the best methods for = con
serving water In these dry years were
subjects In which every delegate was in
terested. The convention will continue
to-morrow. v "
CONDUCTOR KTLXED.
Palls Between Two Freight Oars at
*v ¦':'.'. . Auburn. ' '• ; i '
AUBURN, Dec. 19. — Conductor Joseph
L. Denlllleu, on local freight No. 206 go-
Ing east, fell between two cars this morn
ing. His right leg was run over above
the knee and the left leg below the knee.
He was taken to the Gaston Railway Hos
pital, where he died at 1 o'plock this after
noon. He leaves a family at Col fax. :
* The "of tener a man is In the . wrong: the
louder he • crows when he happens to ¦ be
right ¦ ¦: .'.•¦¦.¦¦•--- ••••¦¦•=i£i* ,
STEAL AWAY
FROM COURT
TO BE WEDDED
COLONEL DE YRIES
LANDS A FORTUNE
FOR A STOCKTONIAN
Howard Bulkley to Be Put Into
Possession of an Estate of Which
He Was Wrongfully De
prived for Years.
> . — . _
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON, Dec. 19.— Attorney H.'V. J.
Swain will leave to-morrow for New York
to formally accept the transfer of $50,000
to a client, Howard Bulkley, a Stockton
young man. Ex-Congressman de Vrles Is
awaiting his arrival, having made all ar
rangements for the transfer of the es
tate, which .for many years, since the
death of young Bulkley's father, has been
in the hands of M. H. Henderson, a resi
dent of Port Chester, N. Y.
Charles F. Bulkley was a colonel of en
gineers in the Union army during the War
of the Rebellion. In later years he went
to Central and South America, where he
engaged in his profession. He died in
Guatemala of fever. At that time his
wife and son Howard lived In 'this city.
Howard is still a resident of Stockton. It
transpired that Colonel Bulkley had made
a deed of his property, sending the docu
ment to his wife with instructions to for
ward it to his old friend, M. H. Hender
son, who was to keep It until he (Bulkley)
should die.
Repeated efforts failed to get a satis
factory accounting from Henderson, and
Howard Bulkley finally put the matter
into the hands of Colonel de Vrles, Mrs.
Bulkley having died meanwhile. Hender
son has at last come to terms and is
ready to turn over the estate to the law
ful heir. It includes three pieces of prop
erty. In New" York, worth at least $30,000,
and about $20,000 worth of real and per
sonal, property besides.
, The full particulars af the agreement
entered into with Henderson are not
known here, Colonel- de-VrleB having had
charge of the' immediate dealings with
him.* Bulkley will receive practically the
whole $50,000,' less, the expense attendant
upon Its collection. '. ;; ,.' .
TELLER CITY, the new town on Port Clarence Bay, Alaska. Is
but half a year old and more than 1200 people are passing the
winter season there. That it will rival Nome within another
year or two seems likely, and there are some among the re
turned gold hunters who predict that It 1b destined to become
the metropolis of Northwestern Alaska.
W. E. Bates, a young San Franciscan, who was one of the founders
of Teller City and who lately returned from Alaska, says that the
summer's prospecting showed beyond a question that the Koogrock
and Bluestone districts, tributary to the new town, are rich in gold.
He further claims that while Nome has no harbor and Is exposed to
the Bering Sea storms. Teller City has a land-locked harbor, or, rath
er, two of them, and is twelve miles removed from Bering Sea.
The new town is located on the east shore of Port Clarence Bay
and on the southerly shore of Grantley harbor, entrance to which is
gained through a narrow channel. The harbor extends eastward
twelve miles, with a depth of IS to 25 feet. Ocean-going vessels can
discharge freight and passengers from either the bay side or the har
bor side, and are assured safety from the storms that have done such
havoc at Nome.
In July and August hundreds of prospectors stampeded from Nome
to the new fields of the Port Clarence region, and their success in lo
cating claims that give promise of great richness insures an unpre
cedented rush from Nome and other mining camps during the early
spring and summer, and most of those from the outside world who
venture into Alaska will make Teller City their destination.
"When I arrived on July 16 at what Is now Teller City," Mr. Bates
said last evening, "the town had ndt been founded. N. T. Brander
had reached the place somewhat earlier, on the first Kimball steamer
that went up. with a stock of merchandise. A few gold seekers and
traders had begun to pitch teots around his store. Then there came
the reports of strikes in the Koogrock district and a little later In
the Bluestone district, and a Btajnpede began from other mining
camps. Hundreds of disappointed men at Nome Joined the rush to
the new fields, Brander's settlement became a lively town of tents
and all the creeks in the two new districts were staked off Into
claims.
"The people held a meeting August 27 anfl elected a committee of
seven to govern the affairs of the community — a sort of arbitration
committee. A. T. Wright of San Francisco and myself were mem
bers of it. Since I came out a town government has been regularly
organized.
"The town site comprises about forty acres of smooth, firmly
packed gravel, which provides • excellent streets and firm building
foundation. Excellent water is secured from wells of small depth.
"The harbor la the only land-locked refuge on our Bering Sea
coast north of Dutch harbor.
"The Bluestone district can be reached In a distance of twelve to
fifteen miles across the hills or by water twelve miles up the harbor
and then six or seven miles up the Bluestone. The tributaries that
show rich prospects are Gold Run, Alder, Skookum, Windy and Cali
fornia creeks. "
Special Dispatch to The Call.
COVELO. Dec. 19.-From the Banks
Range, fourteen miles north of Covelo,
comes the etory of a feat of strength ri
valing the herculean achievement of
Ursus, the creation of Sienkiewicx in
"Quo Vadis," who rescued Lypia from
the horns of a bull In the lists at Romt.
One of the bulls at the ranch broke out
cf the corral yesterday and started en a
trip across the parade ground of the In
dian reservation. Several cowboys tried
to la**oo him or drive him back into the
OORal; but without avail. "Chub" Baker,
a vaquero, was charged by the Infuriated
bfast. which gored his horse to death.
Alter the horse had fallen BaKer lay un
conscious upon u:e ground and the bull
iiitompted 10 impale the prostrate man
upon its horns.
At this critical moment Wyatt Jordan
cf an ¦djoiolmC rancn galloped up and
Quickly dismounting he seized the bull by
tne horns and by mere force of physical
strength ttopptd the infuriated animal
from charging upon the unconscious cjw
l>oy. This remarkable test of strength
continued for several minutes, until ihe
other vaQueros galloped up, carried Ba
ker out oi' clanger and roped and threw
tee bull.
Then Jordan performed another feat in
which he exhibited his remarkable
ttrength end bravery bordering upon
loolhardint-ss. On being praised for his
rescue of Baker he declared the feat was
not difficult, and to prove his words ne
entered the corral in which the still mad
cened bull was pawing up the earth and
bellowing. Attain seizing the animal he
forced it back foot by foot into one cor
ner of the inclosure. Not until the brute
was thoroughly subdued did he release
lia hold upon the horns.
The bull has been viewed by ranchers
living near by and is pronuonced to be an
immense amm&l. Every one wonders at
the superhuman strength shown by
Wyatt. es he is only a common-sized man,
but has long- been known to be unusually
powerful and active. Wyatt has lived in
this section for a number of years and has
always worked on a cattle ranch. His
delight is to lassoo wild bulls and by con
stant torment to Infuriate them until they
•will fight madly.
Baker's condition is regarded as critical,
ts he was stepped upon twice and re
ceived internal injuries in falling from his
horse.
SAVES A COMRADE FROM DEATH
Holds the Infuriated Animal A-wray
. Prom an Injured Vaquero Until
the Arrival of As
sistance.
Round Valley Cowboy, Con
quers Mad Bull HI
'¦: His Naked Hands. I
STRENGTH OF
URSUS IN THIS
MAN'S ARMS
THE NEW MINING CAMP OF TELLER, LOCATED ON THE SHORE OF A SPLENDID LAND-LOCKED HARBOR IN ALASKA.
TELLER CITY PROMISES TO RIVAL GAPE NOME.
THK SAN FBAJSCiSCO CALL, THURSDAY; .DECEMBER 20, 1900.
4
ADVEBTISESDENTS.
3.0K HEADACHE
t^QOitkvtilj coared toy GxsfiQ
Little PIUs.
Tbe? al» rtUeve Distress from Dytp-^ssV
Indigestion and Too Harty Eatfcg. A per*
feet remedy tor Dtrxirmw. Nausea, Drow*J»
ness. Bad Taste m tbe Motxtb, CoateA Tonga*
Pain In the Side, TQRHD LIVER. The?
Simulate mo Bowels. Purer? Vegetable. {
Small Pin. 8mafl Doee.
8ma1!PfIca»
tT *&§¦ Cured White
CL5VJX You Sleep
In Fifteen Days
•*Gran-*olTcnt"dtsso!»es Stricture llk« srow b*^
ueath the Mta. mlaees Kni.nred Prostate »n«
strpnethen* tbe Seminal Ducts, slopping l>ruln» an<l
No timir* to niin tnc siomocb. bnt s direct loeaJ
aod posUiTe application tothe entire ¦rethraltrart,
Gran-SoWent Is not a liquid. It Is prepared I •
tne form of Crayons or Pencil*, smooth sndflexJW*
and so narrow as to pass the closes* stricture.
Every Man Should Know Himself.
Tbe St. Jame» Assn.. Box 834. Cincinnati. O- *a»
¦repared at «rei»t expense an exhaust- m r\ w f I
We Illnstntel Treatise upon tbe male LULL
system, which U»-jr wlU send u> any ll-CLa
Bale apftltoaat. • •• 1 -»- ¦
It r\ <S N 2uO ELM ST.,
j.. JA,iC5 .Q.n.. Cincinnati. Ohio.
TO THE PUBLIC I
SAN FRANCISCO. Oct.
jffifecagS «, I300.-To wSom It may
f«ffi"*^fel concern: This Is to cefttf/
W?3 that DR. WONG HIM of
V53£1»t I 11J-H7 Mason street. San
a/M S Francisco, baa cured me
SrjVaj I of Kidney trouble and
Jtb.'*£* I rheumatism and I »m
*^«- A^ happy to mak* this tt*t»-
vfiipHS^ > t^v ment. »* I find the Doctor
s^l!W-**5VsV0»j> fctrlctly honest In ewery
?!?«?' 'fiSiir sense of the word and »r>
*SvS l «l>*A^5' honorable man In all bis
dealings. DR. C. A. GAT. Dentist. 903 Second
ave., Seattle. Wash.
PINOLE. June 13. J8»— I take thl« ra-«n« »f
expressing my thanks to Dr. Won« Him. JOS-
117 Mason street. Ban Francisco, for haTtngj
cured me of kidney, womb trouble and cancer
of the stomach. I was a rreat Mtttnr tor 13
years and found no permanent relief until I
tried Dr. Wong Him and In six xnontna tlm«
be has cored me. Any person wUhln"* me to
cerUfy this can find n^
Pinole. Contra Costa Cojinty. Cal.
6. F.. December «. 1899.— Dr. Wonf Him. HS-
U7 Maion st.. B. F.. Cal.— Dear Sir: For tne
benefit of others I wish to make a statement of
my case, which was heart trouble. After treat-
ing with six eminent physician* mr au» wa«
pronounced Incurable. Hearing et Dr. won*
Him. and his wonderful cures. 1 decided to try
his herb treatment. He did all he claimed, and
¦after treating stx months I am now well ana
strong. Tours, respectfully,
MRS. BARLOW. 10K Mission st. S. T.
JvitJT OR. JORDAN'S orut
i MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
9 G& 10aU3ZIT8r.M.ettJ7!b.8jr.eU.
\ . QT > The Largest A uste—tesi Msesw la the
A Wo»d> Weakaeeses •» as* <t*n*a *d
* ?S~t ??> di»«>ta »wf»lU».tT a»r» aNy «»« oldat
• IS 3l SpaciaUtt oa> Uw Coaac. Bat. jft yoa«.
6 i^? ft Da.«8DA»-PBrfATE DISEASES
\ »m>f?iB tosialtitJoo free tad itrfctJr prtr«t*
6 I TO** a Tr » uanl pmoDMHy or by 1«ter. A
TO frtSm P—>n— CW» ta a*ary oh wvd<rtua«.
AW if II a» Wm«ln>BDok.ra1ILOIor«T*t
"•if liT MAstsiiAest, mailso riua. I A
X A PL' vtntabte beek foe mra )
9 DU JOBDA3T A CO.. 1061 Market St. 8. f.
STATEMENT
— — OS* THE i
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
— OB" THE
CONNECTICUT MUTUAL
LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HARTFORD. IJJ THE BTATB OF CON-
nectlcut. on the 31st day of December. A.
I P. 1S99. and for the year endlnr on tnat day.
1 made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
i State of California, pursuant to the reqjlre-
' r.unts of Section 413 of tbe Political Code of
I said State.
ASSETS.
'. Net value of Real Estate owned by
; the Company — fU.CU.S37 S3
• Amount of Loans secured by Bond
1 and Mortgage on Real Estate.... H.193.«S7 U
' Airount of Loans secured by pled?*
• of Bonds. Stocks or other market-
', able securities as collateral 2.J0O OO
i Premium notes and loans in any
form taken in payment of pre-
miums on policies now In force.... m.MI IS
Cash market value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by the Company O.m.f?4 04
Amount of Cash deposited in Banks 854. IV *3
Interest due and accrued S83.7T7 M
Rents due and accrued......^i"V" !•.*» W
Net amount of premiums In process)
of collection and of deferred pre-
l mlums W.315 U
Total Assets ~- -tt4.t83.StS si
f WAEILmES. ~~~ ~~
Claims for death losses and mature*
«dowments, due and unpaid. (HKSU
Claims for death loeses and matured
I Endowments In proees* ot adjust-
ment or adjusted but not due.... !4«.W oo
CUims resisted by tn« Compjny.... 45,43 w
I K,t present value of all tbe out-
standing pot Idea, computed ao- .
! eordlnc to the Combined EUpart-
5ncV Tables of Mortality. wiu»
1 four per cent Interest..... S5.J2J.waoo
i Amount of all unpaid dlrldsnds to ~"** 8M w
policy holders.. ....;.•.•. »«.MT M
[ ALtotMT Uabllitiea ..-.^.^....^^ tta.104 x
Total UabiUUes.......^.. >|ST.W.«>i M
IjfCOMR "" *
Cash received tor premiums on new
policies durtn* the year..... SBS.I71 XS
Cash received for renewal of pr«- .
! mlums eurin« the ytar iSltrs >t
< Cash received for sale of annuities. U.I13 »
I C«J.h received for Interest LtXITl n
Casb received for rents MJ.77S is
Cfcab received from all other source* 84. IM 73
ToUl Income H.W.7W n
EXPEN i)!T V KS9.
Cash paid for loeaes and matured
endowments K33S.H7 oj
Cash paid to annuitants 9C4 I)
Cash paid for surrendered pollole*.. U3.H1 SI
Cash paid for dividends to policy
holders 1.MMUM
Commissions paid to agents..... J73.701 ta
Safari es and other compensation of-
officers and employe*, except
agents and medical examiners.... 15*.«n. a
Salaries and traveling: expenses ot
managers of agencies Xa.cn a
Medical examiners' fees and •alar-
ies • 1 tt.H0 tl
Cash paid for taxes M>m II
Cash paid for rents . t.ttt 00
Cash paid for commuting commis-
sions ••• ~-. ta.su «¦
Total Expenditures florin* the
year •••JXc^BJ^'oREEJJisV'^iSdlSt 11
HERBERT H. WHrtX, Secretary. !
Subscribed and sworn to before m«, tais Hm
day of February. 1900. ¦' . ""
NATHAN F. PECK. Notary S^bH*
A. K P.- HARMON,
DISTRICT SUPERINTENDENT.
Pacific Coast Agencies.
F:R.NOYES,, : 6eiieral; Agent,
M jRooms 30-31-32 MILLS BUEDINO,
'"• SAK FRANCISCO. CAT* '
Weekly, Call, $1 per Tear
ADVEBTISEMENTa
BLOOD POISON, I
'" Contracted or Inherit JdV at
Any Stage and All Diseases
and Weakness of Men
PERMANENTLY CURED
DR. METERS & CO. are the most
skilled and the best-equipped special-
ists in America. They cure the most
chronic aad complicated cases in the
shortest possible time. Nervous De-
bility in all its forms a specialty. No
Injurious drugs or dangerous stlmu-
tants ever used.
All medicines are prepared in their
•own private laboratory FREE TO PA-
TIENTS. No charge for consultation
pr advice.
PAY WHEN CURED.
Patients can arrange to pay when
cured, or pay In monthly or weekly -
Installments. - -
- HOME CURBS— Dr. Meyers A Co.
• cur* and restore & great many men
every year without seejng them. Suf-
, ferers who cannot calf should write us .
' In confidence and we will send you
¦ sealed, by mail, our tree book. . symp-
tom blanks, prices and full particulars
of our wonderful home-cure system.
All Correspondence Confidential.
DR. MEYERS & CO.,
yo^ganday,. 9 to U._ ELEVATOR •=
TR1 Market Street
_____U 8an Pranclaco.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Is an .adjective wkich seems to have be-
come monopolized bv the young lady at
the typewriter. It u" astonishing what
an array of beautiful women are found
in stores and om- '•
ces. In fact, the F:££^'^V*-Q-'3>£&\
typical American SrvgggfltfZ ~*>R
found sitting at %&&/&&&*&£&&
the typewriter !§^£±&iS' y^^fe
rather thai lolling S$lra®&r*S
in a carriage in the
pretty voung girl "T%r*Wv vl Jf£
n eed s al wa v s to be &5-*~s~ . _j/j&\
rernindeel that Kf*.&?^?* re>»^^«?j
skin deep," unless ]|j^' \Jj J\
it roots in health. JJT'Tp vSBfe^^vg
\Vhen the health B^* " T^*^22£^&jl
is undermined by Ejr^ /"#P?_!!Z3
womanly diseases, m j * : /\~>Jii^j
plaidpness. -^. "^**r^3t
Dr. Pierce's Fa- j» y Hft — S^
vorite Prescription
cures diseases which weaken women
and which destroy their strength and
beauty. It establishes regularity, stops
weakening drains, heals inflammation
end ulceration and cures female weak-
ness.
"Several yeart ago I suffered severely from
female weakness, prolapsus and menorrhagia,
and used Dr. Pierce'* Favorite Prescription with
splendid effect," writes Fannie Shelton. of 'Wash-
ington, Iowa. "Glad I have not needed it for a
few years past, bat if I should ever have any re-
tnm of the old trouble would surely try ' Favor-
ite Prescription.' I have recommended 'it to a
number of my ladr friends. I always tdl them
to try m bottle, ana if they are not benefited by
It I wiU pay for tbe medidae. In every case
they have epokea in praise of it* .
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets cure sickFavors the Wadding.
MADRID. Dec. 13.-In the Senate to-day
the royal message read yesterdayby Gen
eral Azcarrara. the Premier, announcing
tli" xnarricge at an early date of the Prin
cess of the Asturias. heir presumptive to
the throne, uith Prince Charles, second
son of the Count of Caserta. was adopted
by J74 vcres f.er.inst 4S.
Andrew White Brown, the son of a New
York millionaire, who was arrested Mon
day night at the Palace Hotel on a tele
gram from the Sheriff of Oswego County.
New York, that he was wanted there on
a charge of grand larceny, was released
from the City Prison yesterday. Captain
Seymour received a dispatch yesterday
morning from the Sheriff that the com
plainants refused to advance the money to
taks Brown back, and so to release
him. Captain Seymour wrote to the Sher
iff that the Police Department here was
not a collection apency and that In future
he would be careful In arresting any one
on a telegram from him.
MUlionaire's Son Released.
Tour name in gold letters or metal Ini
tial free of charge on all fine pocketbooks,
letter and card cases, memorandum and
bilt books, diaries, cameras and traveling
eets. Sanborn. Vail & Co., 741 Market st.»
Your Name in Gold-
¦WASHINGTON. Bee. 19.— The United
States Supreme Court was again crowded
to Its full capacity to-day to hear the
concluding arguments in the cases involv
ing the status of Porto Rico and the Phil
ippines. Among these who secured points |
of vantage In the area reserved for the •
bar was Judge Day. who. as Secretary of [
State during the critical stages of the war |
with Spain, and la:er as head of the
American commissioners who negotiated
i the treaty of peace at Paris, was one of
! the most Influential factors In shaping
i the conditions now under 1 discussion be
fore the court. Judge Day gave attentive
ear to the argument of the Attorney Gen
eral, which took up the events following
the treaty of peace and maintained the
right of the Government, pursuant to that
treaty and to the constitution to follow
the bill of action which has. been taken
in these cases relative to the Philippines
and Porto Rico. Near . Judge - Day sat
former Secretary Carlisle and other prom
inent members of the bar and of the two
houses of Congress, while the small cir
cular area open, to f the, general public wa*
filled with 'spectators.* " ' *
Attorney General Griggs, who began the
Government's presentation yesterday, had
four hours remaining, and .he consumed
the entire day, leaving the close, by
Charles H. Aldrich, on the Philippine
case, to be presented to-morrow.
Griggs spoke In the,' calm and ar
gumentative style adopted yesterday, oc
casionally, however, throwing great
earnestness of voice and gesture into the
assertion of the Government's right to
pursue the policy thus far taken.
The Attorney General elaborated the
points enunciated yesterday. One of these
to which special attention was given was
the distinction between organized terri
tories and unorganized territory under the
Jurisdiction of the United States. Justice
Brewer had asked the Attorney General
to make clear his views on this distinc
tion. Grlggs took up territory after ter
ritory -which came under the operation of
the laws of the United States by an act of
Congress specifically extending the laws '•
to the territory and not ex proprio vigore.
He said that while - Rhode Island and
South Carolina stood outside of the Union
they were treated as foreign States and
when they ultimately assented to the
Union Congress pasted a law extending
the revenue laws to. them.
Vermont had, prior to Its admission as
a State, been a part of the territory be
longing to the United States. • If the rev
enue laws were applicable to the terri
tory of Vermont, proprio vigore, it was
an act of superrogatton to extend them to
the State. In the case of Louisiana, the
Attorney General pointed out that all the
declarations of Jefferson were to the ef
fect that in order to come under the
operation of the lawd of the United Stated
those laws must be explicitly extended, to
new acquisitions. Jeflerson selected cer
tain acts to be immediately extended and
others to be extended from time to time
as might be found practicable.-
The Attorney General directed atten
tion, in tne instance of the acquisition of
Klorlda. to the fact that three . American
statesmen, Monroe, John Quincy Adams
and Andrew Jackson, each of whom was
elected President of the United States,
united In declaring officially that the con
stitution- did not apply of Its own -force
to territory newly acquired by this na
tion, by virtue of the act of acquisition, 1
but that such extension must be, accom
plished by the action of Congress.! '
Grlggs also specilied the territorial or
ganization of Oregon, Missouri, Montana
and Wyoming, In each case snowing that
Congress extended the laws to these ter
ritories. • ¦ ¦ - . •
Finally as to. the extension of . laws to
the territories Griras said that by act of
Congress in 1S74 , Congress had expressly
extended the I constitution and. Federal
Iaw3 to the "organized territories" and to
every, territory "hereafter organized," but
the act went no further than "organized
territories." and could | not be interpreted
to mean that expanse of country entirely
unorganized. The guano islands were
cited in support of the proposition that
territory may belong to or be under the
Jurisdiction of the United States without
being a part of the United States. Over
seventy different islands, keys and groups
of islands have been thus taken possession
of and made for such special purposes the
property of .the United States.'- .They en
joy certain privileges under the law, and
the United States Supreme ¦- Court has
recognized their status,- but, they, are not
a part of the- United States. 1 . *
Turning from his . books. Grtgss ex
claimed in impassioned tones: :¦..:'-¦
"Why should this Government be con
sidered- to have less freedom of action
in this matter than other nations? . What
clause of the constitution so compels?
Why ' are i we . so . tied and - bound that : we
are never to secure ; the fruits of victory,
never to acquire an: island of the sea, a
belt across the isthmus, a ¦ station > for 'a
naval, base, -unless* at the cost of admit
ting those inhabiting. the soil to full rights
as citizens of the United 8tates; whether
they toe cannibals or. savages, granting
them the glorious potentiality of being a
part, of the people of ;¦ the. United States?
Did our forefathers hamper us like that?
If so, this. constitution is misshapen as
Richard. the Hunchback, sent* into this
world before his time, scarce half marie
up." and that so lamely and unfashionable
that nations- laugh at us as we > halt by.",
1 , Justices ' Brewer and . Harlan •¦¦• asked > a
number of ? questions. . ¦ •. Justice ' Brewer
asked if the. Attorney General. held that
as Congress extended the constitution and
laws : to the ¦ organized territories. Con
gress • also could ' take , them •... away, from
the- territories. .. ' •:..',
," Grigrgs answered , that this was ,: a' most
serious question,'; but -he : thought"; it safe
to say that when the laws were , once ' ex
tended * to : territories '¦-•? an ., inviolable '= con
tract; .was : created and', could . not ,.;^ be
broken. ..'¦¦¦¦' ¦' ' '.'..;* < \". ' • • .. ;¦ ;v»
' : Justice Harlan: asked ; the Attorney Gen
eral to state later on to what extent Con-
Mr. Aldrich will close for the plaintiff
in the < Philippine case to-morrow and the
cases will then be submitted.
Griggs closed his* five hours' speech
with a brilliant and eloquent peroration.
"I am here in a feeble and humble way."'
said he. "to , support the executive and
legislative branches of the Government in
dealing with these momentous questions.
Throughout I have felt a serene confi
dence that nothing "I have advised, noth
ing the Government has done, has been
without Its precedents and' forerunners
from the most illustrious of our fore
fathers, from Jefferson/ Jackson. Madi
son, Gallatln and from ¦' the great Chief
Justices of the past; that nothing has
been done but which tended to the great
exhaltatldn and extension of our country
and the improvement of the people com
ing under our control."
Instead of seeking" strict and narrow
constructions, he said, the powers of the
executive and legislative branches had
been so construed as to give them a wise
and safe discretion, so that the day
would be hastened when we might give to
these [ new peoples j self government and
to some of them, perhaps, a place in the
galaxy of States.- ¦ ¦
- Court adjourned as soon as Griggs fin
ished.
Griggs said "throughout the United
States' referred to the States of the
Union: but Justice Harlan pointed out
that It referred also to the District of
Columbia and the territory west of the
Missouri.
Justice White asked the Attorney Gen
eral if he claimed that Congress could eo
exempt territories from the laws as to
five them privileges not enjoyed by the
tates. Griggs responded that he did so
claim; In fact, the territories had been for
years exempted from internal revenue
and direct taxes. , ¦
The. Attorney General Referred to -the
celebrated case of .* Loughborough vs.
Blake, whereupon Justice Harlan, reading
from that decision. • asked Griggs what
Chief Justice Marshall meant In saying:
"The power to lay and collect duties, im
posts ¦ and excises ; may be exercised and
must be exercised 'throughout the United
States.' ". - .
gress could Impose a tariff to be collected
against goods coming .from 'New. Mexico,
Arizona and Alaska. Justice Brewer al
so reminded Griggs that Oklahoma was
not Included in the treaty taking in the
Louisiana and Mexican territory, and was
an apparent exception to the. rule stated
by the Attorney General,
Griggs said that Congress at its last
session In effect declared that the exist
ing tariff laws were applicable against the
goods of Porto Rico. This was in the act
of last March, remitting to Porto Rico
certain duties collected "under existing
laws." This, Griggs declared, was an as
sertion by both branches of the present
Congress that the tariff act, .which- was
the "existing law," operated against Porto
Rico.
The use of "knockout drops" for the
purpose of robbery has been of such fre
quent occurrence recently that the Police
Department asked the Board of Supervis
ors to pass an ordinance making it a mis
demeanor for any one to be caught with
them in his possession, and It was also
decided to ask the Legislature to pass a
bill making it a felony.
Warrant Clerk Peery about a week apo
discovered that there was a section in mo
Penal Code which made it a felony "to
mingle poison with drink with the intent
that the same shall be taken by any hu
man being to his injury." Charles Tur
ner and Herman Isaacs had been arrested
for putting "knockout drops" in a glass
of beer that was to be drunk by a man
whom thev had taken into Lowenthal i'z
Cohen's saloon. 90 Third street, on the
night of November 24.
They were observed by the bartender.
who notified Charles Cohen, one of the
proprietors, and he seized the srlass of
Seer and ordered the men out of the sa
loon. The glass of beer was sent to the
police and t>y them to the City Chemist,
who reported that there were forty grains
of chloral hydrate In the beer, enough to
put several men to sleep. •
The preliminary examination of Turner
and Isaacs was held before Judge Fritz
yesterday and he held the defendants to
answer before the Superior Court on the
felony charge In bonds of $2000 each.
PUT "KNOCKOUT" DROPS
IN A GLASS OF BEEE
Charles Turner and Herman Isaacs
Held to Answer on a Felony
Charge.
THE LATE FRANK, G. DAMON.
MASTER PROPERTY MAN OF
THE ORPHEUM.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET. N.
W., WASHINGTON, pec . 19.— Secretary
Ijongr will receive to-morrow the report of
the board of construction regarding the
distribution of contracts 'for battleships
and . armored cruisers. The board will
recommend that contracts be {jiven to
these firms: Fore River Engine Com
pany of Quincy, Mass., two unsheathed
battleships at $3,403,00) each: total con
tract price J6.S10.0O). 4
William Cramp & Sons Company of
Philadelphia Pa., one sheathed battle
ship at $3,6(50.000, one sheathed armored
cruiser at J3.S50.000. one unsheathed ar
mored cruiser at «,TS0,O0O; total contract
price. $11,270,000. »
Newport News Company of Newport
News, Va., one sheathed battleship at
$3,593,000, one sheathed armored cruiser at
J3.8S5.0C0 and one unsheathed armored
cruiser at J3.775.000; total contract -price,
Jll.253,000.
Bath Iron Works of Bath, Me., one
sheathed armored battleship at $3,590,000.
Union Iron Works of Can Francisco, one
sheathed armored cruiser at $3,800,000 and
one unsheathed armored cruiser at $3,750.
000; total contract price. $7,550,000. *
The construction of the eleven battle
ships and armored cruisers will cost the
Government $40,473,000.
The limit of cost fixed by law was $42.
750,000. Having determined that 'excep
tions made in the case of sheathed battle
ships must be paid for out of appropria
tions for these vessels it would be neces
sary for Secretary L«ong to - enter Into ne
gotiations with firms under which they
will agree to provide execpted articles
within the limit of the appropriation. It
may be necessary, consequently, to pay
$6,300,000 to the Bath Iron Works instead
of $3,590AX>, and $3.tt."0,000 to the Newport
News Company instead of ' $3,593,000.
Exceptions made by the Cramps, Bath
Iron \\ orks and Newport News companies
averaged in cost $150,000 each, ao that th»
awarding of contracts for sheathed bat
tleships to these firms will necessitate an
important reduction in the amount of
their bid.
Recommends That Union Iron Works
Be Awarded One Sheathed and
f One Unsheathed Armored
Cruiser.
Naval Board of Construction
Prepares Its Report in
th 3 Matter.
CONTRACTS FOR
NEW WARSHIPS
The field officers of the native troops
are all to be Americar.s for the present.
but whenever the Filioinos show fitness
for command the President is authorized
to . make provisional eeleciions from
amonp them for the grades of first and
second lieutenants.
A native regiment of Porto Ricans Is
also authorized.
All the House provisions in regard to
the artillery are stricken out and a pro
vision substituted continuing the present
replmental system and giving each regi
ircnt a colonel, a lieutenant colonel, three
majors, seventeen captains and the same
number of first and second lieutenants.
TT'^Ive companies of ioot artillery are ai-
Isytv-ed to each regiment of artillery and
three battalions are provided for. The
President is authorized to Increase the
7>riva.tes In these eomoanies to E5 and
those in Seld batteries to 133, but not by
sr> doing to Increase the size of the army.
The maximum strength of the army is
fixed at 100.000 men and the figure Is not
mentioned until near the close of the bill.
It Is then inserted in connection with the
¦ T>ro\1aon for the. enlistment of Filipinos.
The provision is as foliows:
"Ttct. when in his opinion the condi
tions In the Philippine Islands Justify such
action, the President is authorized to en
liMt natives of the islands for service in
the aJ-rny to be organized as scouts, with
-«*trh **r??rr< i rg as he slmll deem - necessary
for the " proper control <jf troops or com
panies, as authorized by this act for the
r-rfpnlar army. The President is further
authorizr-d in his discretion to form com
par.ip? orjrar.lzed from companies of the
' regular army. In squadrons or battalions,
with officers ar.d non-commissioned offi
cers* corrf-Fpondingr to similar organiza
tinrs in the cavairy and infantry arms.
Th« total number of enlisted men in said
native organizations shaJl not exceed 12.000
and the total enlisted force of this army,
together with such native force, shall not
exceed at any time 100.000."
vice detachment and band at the Unite J
States Military .Vcademy, such Indian
scouts as may be now authorized by law
and such other officers and enlisted men
a* may be hereinafter provided; provided
that when a. vacancy shall occur through
deatn, retirement or other separatiMi
from active service In the office of store-
Uaeper, now provided for by law In the
cnarterniasters department and ordnance
departments, respectively, said office shall
ct&ae to exist."
erals, an adjutant general's department,
an inspector m?n«"al"s department, a.
judge advocate general's department, a
<!uarteriEaster's department, a subsistence
department, a medical department, a pay
do-part rrR-r.t, a corps of engineers, an ord
r.iLnce department, a s!gnai corps, the of
ficers of record and pension ofl!ce; the
chaplains, the officers and unlisted men
oi the army on the retired list; the pro
flWOH. corr>s of cadets, the army ser-
The House canteen provision was
amended so as to permit the Eale of beer
fi.t the canteens. This exception was made
by omitting the word "beer" from the
prohibited articies.
The proxision of the new bill regardlcs:
the general organization and scope of the
array is as folio vs:
.'•That from and after the approval of
this bill the army of the United States,
including the existing organizations, shall
consist of fifteen regiments of cavalry,
twelve rtgitnents of artillery, thirty regi
ments of ir.faniry, one lieutenant general,
fcix major generals, fifteen brigadier gen-
recommends the retention of the present
regimental organization of the artillery
and does not give its assent to the corps
organization proposed by Secretary Root
«.nd accepted by the House. In the matter
of the appointment of staff officers its
bill follows largely the lines of the rec
craraeKd&tions made by Secretary Root.
ornmendatlons.
The sub-cornmittee reported a complete
substitute for the House bill and while
much of the language is the same as that
of the House measure there are numer
ous changes.
Probably the most Important change Is
la the provision regarding the artillery
'«m of the service. The sub-committee
WASHINGTON. Dec. 19.-Tbe sub-com
mittee of the Senate Committee on Mili
tary Affairs has completed Its work upon
the army reorganization bill ar.d reported
the result of its labors to a special meet
ing of the full Senate committee, which,
after an hour's sitting, adopted the rec-
Array of One 'Hundred Thousand
Agreed Upon and Modifications
Made in the Canteen
Clause.
Senate Adopts Recommen
dations of th« Sub-
Committee.
SUBSTITUTE FOR
THE ARMY BILL
Attorneij General's Contentions in the Porto
Rico and Philippines Gases.
GRIGGS ARGUES ON THE CONSTITUTION
ONE of the familiar flgrures of the
Orpheum etage, Frank ,G-. Da
mon, the master .: property '.man,
has passed away." He took cold
last week : Monday, night he ; left
the theater .with the Intention; of
going home to take some medicine; Tues
day night he .was reported .absent, and
on the- sick list; , yesterday the cold de
veloped into pneumonia and last , even-
Ing, at 6:30 he died. - . :
Every 'one who : has been to the. Or
pheum In the last six years knew Damon,
or "Props" as he was called, at least by
sight. He was toe man who came out
aicer a smasH-of crockory and swept up
the piect?s, or cleareu <the stage for the
next part ot the act. He was tali and
lank, and after the gallery, grew to know
him. he received "as much applause for
the manipulation of . his broom as the
vaudeville stars did for tho act?, of which
he and his office were a kind of finale.
And whenever a company came •, along
with a sketch or an act and needed' a
third or a fourth or an extra man of any
number he was called upon ¦ and helped
make up the cast. He was the police
man who arrested the escaping villain;
the butler who carried in the card; the
servant who announced the dinner or who
told the husband of the wife or told the
wife of the husband; or the cabman who
brought the hero home,' or anybody and
everybody who happened to be needed.
And when Damon was not on the stage
he was making . a thunder storm with a
plate of sheetlron or a barrel filled with
rocks; or he was alternating his thunder
bolts with flashes of lightning, or perhaps
was a troop of horses galloping wildly
across. the stage. All these things fell to
him in the line of his duties and he filled
them all with the readiness and aptitude
of a man blessed with the sunniest of
characters.
Damon made a hit of his own a year
ago when he appeared as the down with
Caron and 'Herbert, acrobats, and he
made another as the policeman in the
sketch presented by Rice and John. "He
was always there with his cue," they say
of him. and they mean more than mere
ly that he was on time.
Damon was 27 years old and married,
but he had no children. He lived at 2527
Twenty-third street. He went to the. Or-
pheum from , the Grand, and, he went -to
the latter- house" from the old Grove
street theater, where he was an I usher.
He was born in Maine. At the Orflheum,
where his work behind > the scenes vir
tually began and ended, he was* the
friend ! and comrade of every ' one from
the management down to the call boy.
He was a member of the Theatrical Me- ;
chanlcs* Association No. 21. and the Thea
trical Employes' Protective Union No. 16."
The Mechanics' Association will meet to
day to make arrangements . for the fu
neral. It is probable that the union will
also meet to assist in the ceremonies, and
ring the curtain down, on their old com
rade.
ORPHEUM PROPERTY MAN
A VICTIM OF PNEUMONIA
FraAk Damon, Who: Has Done All Kinds of
Stage Duty, Passes Away.;
AWARDED A BIG
BRICK CONTRACT
Coast Material.
Tunnels of Bay Shore Road
Will; Be ;Lined With \
San Francisco Brick Company Will
Manufacture Fifty Million
Bricks for the Southern
- Pacific. :
A record-breaking contract has been let
by the Southern- Pacific Company to the
San Fianclsco .Brick Company,; of. which
Gray Brothers are the owners. By" the
terms' of the contract the firm, is to fur
nish to. the' railroad company ; 50,000,000
'bricks,- to be used in lining the tunnels of
the new bay shore-road, to run through
the hills of South San Francisco.
The manufacture of this great number
of bricks is a matter of great moment to
this city,, as they will be the product of a
San Francisco firm, which means the dis
tribution of a 'large 'sum* of money among
this city's, laborers.. ; . •
..To. meet this great demand it has been
made necessary to install' an almost en
tirely new. plant, as trie brickmaklng ma
chines- possessed by the firms located In
this city are not of sufficient capacity.
. Heretofore the largest number of bricks
turned ¦¦ out -in : one day has been' 30,000.
With the modern machinery which * is now
being Installed at the works of the San
Francisco Brick , Company 125,000 can be
mado ir. one day. .
? The brick to be. used are known as the
"stiff * mud, wire-cut" variety, and they
are far superior to the "soft mud."
v This is the largest contract ever en
tered Into for the manufacture of brick
not only in this country but in the world.
It will require more than a year to man
ufacture the building material, and to
furnish the brick in this length of time
requires that the full . capacity of the
works be reached daily.
Carey Straw, a discharged soldier, who '
arrived here on the transport Logan from
Manila about two weeks ago, swore to
complaints before Judge Cabanlss yester
day afternoon charging H. Levy, proprie
tor of the Golden. . Gate Tailoring Com
pany, 1470 Market street; F. L. Heywoods,
an agent for the company, and "John
Doe." an employe of the company, with
grand larceny.
Straw belongs to "Xlork County, Pennsyl
vania, and while at the, Presidio he says
he was approached by an agent of the
Golden Gate Company, who took him in a
buggy to i their establishment on Market
street, where- he was torced to buy a suit
of clothes, but as he was unable to pay
for the suit they took possession of his
discbarge papers and his railroad ticket
to Pennsylvania, which cost him $58.
Straw complained to the police yester
day and Detective Cody was detailed to
interview the tailoring company. He did
so and the members admitted that they
had the ticket and discharge, but refused
to give them up till paid for the suit.-
Straw also complained that a man
known as "Judge," who Tiaunts the Pre
sidio, took him downtown Monday and
when he woke up next morning all his
money was gone. He had . $160 when he
started out Monday morning. The police
will endeavor to locate "Judge."
DISCHARGED SOLDIER
A VICTIM .OF SHARKS
Methods of Agents Who Haunt the
* Presidio Be Exploited in
Police Court.
In the game of life clubs are always
trumps in a policeman's hand.
M. Cohn, a solicitor, was arrested last
night on a warrant • from Red Bluff,
charging him I with obtaining money by
false pretenses. .The complaining witness
is E. A. Pendleton. Cohen. admits having
had some business with Pendleton, but he
strenuously denies the charge of having
fraudulently . obtained money from him.
He will be . taken back to Red Bluff to
day. ; •
Wanted at Red Bluff.
"California Popples," "Wild Flowers,"
"Chinese,". "Indian," "Black Cats," "Jap
anese," "Old Missions" and Eastern cal
endars of every description. Christmas
cards for the millions. Sanborn, Vail &
Co., 741 Market street. •
Calendars for 1901.
One of 'the prettiest home ¦weddings of
the year was the marriage last evening of
John Jamieeon, a young traveling- man,
and Miss Clara Fay, niece of Philip Fay
of this city." The wedding took place at
834 Grove Btreet and the ceremony was
performed by ¦ the Rev. Father Lagan.
The maid of honor was Miss Edna Fay
and Philip ; Fay acted as best man. The
parlors were beautifully decorated for the
occasion. '
J The ceremony was strictly private, only
the relatives and a few of the intimate
friends of the couple being present. At
the close of the wedding ceremony a sup
per was served. Mr. and Mrs. Jamieson
leave for. the East to-day, where they will
permanently reside..
THE REV. FATHER LAGAN
TTNTITES HAPPY COUPLE
Jamieson-Fay Wedding Takes Place
< j in the Parlor of the. Fay Resi
i'i't' ijji -1'j : I dence. '¦ '
THE SAN FRANCIISCP CALL; ./ rBtuiRSDAY, DECEMBER 20, 19OO.
5
V; Total Income ....$4,281,188 7«
EXPENDITURES. ~
Net amount paid for flre losses (In- ,
eluding $251,278 28, losses of pre-
vious years) $2,274.159 68
Dividends to stockholders 250.130 00
Paid or allowed for -. commission or
brokerage". .;. 806,043 60
Paid for salaries, fees and ¦ other
charges for officers,' clerks, etc.... 320.S81 85
Paid for State, national and local' '
taxes I..................... 118.STS 19
All other, payments and expenditures 247. KS 70
Total expenditures .^.$4,017,443 93
' Losses tneurred during the year, ~~ ~~~
Bra -:...-........-.-... .....ta.i47.gaa n
Risks and Premiums. Flre Risks. Premiums.
Net : amount of risks
¦ written during the '
'years......... *S12.»4,40O $4,499.179 27.
Net i amount of risks
; expired during the
. year • ' 472,635.302 4,089,489 73
Net amount - in force r«r.^.
December M. ¦1899.^.. 889,114,137 7.SSUS3 i9
: -v- •>-"-¦ -• F/ C- MOORE. President.
U LANNING, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before. me. this 24th
day of January, • 1900. EDWARD HAIOHT. J
Notary Public.
GEORGE E. KLINE, General Mgr.
-Chicago, III.
J. D. MAX WELLCO., General A^t.
" * 421 California' Street.
D. . WVGR AVBS; State Agent,' f^
¦ ~, J. R. WILBUR, Surveyor,
Mills Building, San Francisco, Cal.
Losses in process of adjustment or
In suspense .............'............. $290,223 87
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 34,179 00
Gross premiums on flre risks running
one year or less, $2,344,697 52 ;. re-
. insurance M" per cent.. 1,172.343 71
Gross premiums on flre rlsRs running
more than one year, $5.2SS,<70 77 ;
reinsurance pro rata- ...". 2,795,537 94
Reserved for contingencies 300,000 00
All other demands against the com-
pany .... . ij .181,928 15
Total liabilities ". ..I4.774.W5 72
•_ . INCOME.
Net cash actually received for flra
premiums ..". ......$3,878,073 89
Received for Interest on bonds and
¦mortgages ......... .............. 4,431 SI
Received for Interest and dividends
- on bonds, stocks; loans, and from
all other sources 384,993 69
Received for rents 15,634 63
for flre and marine risks 10S.S03 63
Rents due and accrued 1,364 42
Total assets ...'. ...*9, 809, 660 83
and. mortgages 1,344 <7
Premiums In due course of collec-
tion 638.939 $3
Bills receivable, not matured, taken
stocks and loans 61,3*3 19
Interest due i and accrued on bonds
Cash In banks 4S9.3S7 21
Interest due and accrued on all
» CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock, paid up la
cash > 11.000.000 00
ASSETS. '
Real ¦ Estate owned by company.. I.$1.10«!.ISO 00
Loans on bonds and mortgages...... .. ..78.710 00
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 7,400,750 00
Cash In -company's office.. 4,761 63
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK, UJ THE STATE OF NEW
York, on the list day of December, A. D-.
1899. and for the year ending on that day, aa
nlade to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 and Cll of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the- Com-
missioner: ¦
CONTINENTAL
OP THE—
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
The Home of Mrs L'zzie M
In a ''.letter to Dr. Hartmann concerning
the merits of- Pe-rti-na, j Mrs. Brewer
writes, among- other things:
WESTERLY. R. I.
"Dear Dr. Hartmann— I find Pe-ru-na a
sure cure for all catarrhal affections so
common in this, part of the. country. It
cures a cold at once. There Is no i cough
medicine . that • can at all eauai Pe-ru-na.
As for la grippe there Is no oflier rem-
edy that can at all compare with Pe-
ru-na. •
"I am among -the sick a great deal In
our city and have supplied many invaltds
with Pe-ru-na. simply , because I am en-
thusiastic in my faith as to Its results.
I have never known it to fail to quickly
and permanently ' remove that .demoral-
ized state of the human system which
follows la' grippe. •
"In all cases of extreme weakness T
use Pe^ru-na with perfect confidence of
a good . result. ¦ In cases of weakness pe-
Brewer at Westerly, R. I.
cullar to my sex I am sure that no other
remedy can approach In good results the
action of Pe-ru-na. It meets all the bad
symptoms to which females are subject.
The irregularities and nervousness, th.»
debility and miseries which afflict more
or less . the women from girlhood to
change of life, are one and all met and
overcome by this excellent remedy. I
wish every young lady in our city could
read your book.
"MRS. LIZZIE M. BREWER."
Pe-ru-na will cure the worst cases of
catarrh. La grippe is acute epidemic ca-
tarrh, for which Pe-ru-na is a specific.
Mrs. J. W. Reynolds, New Lisbon. Ohio,
suffered for many years with chronic ca-
tarrh of the lungs, head and throat: con-
tinuous cough; many physicians failed to
cure. Permanently cured by Pe-ru-na.
Thousands of testimonials could be pro-
duced. A valuable treatise on catarrh sent
free by The Pe-ru-na Medicine Company.
Columbus. Ohloj
OIL
Promoters interview me before locat-
ing your company op. oil land. "We can
place you right, and Fee that you make
some ready money. James R. T. Mer-
phon. Oil. Land and Stock Broker. 537-
5.^-339 Pairott builillng. San Francisco,
Cal. Promoter of the Monarch Oil Com-
pany of Arizona, the Lion Oil Company
of Arizona, the J. S. Potts Oil. Lan<1 <m
Development Co.. the Prudential Oil Com-
pany of Arizona, the Sunset Centre Oil
and Development Company, the Tit:er Oil
•Company of Arizon?. and the Vesuvius
Oil Company of Arizona.
FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY
CONNECTICUT
OF HARTFORD.
INCORPORATED I85C.
C-.ARTER PERPETUAL.
I9OO-J A N U A R Y-I9OO
SCHEDULE OF ASSETS.
The Asset? of the Company are as follows:
Mortgage Loan.i $1,100,840 00
follateral Loans 50, POO CO
Real Estate 221.700 00
Cash on hand and In Bank 224.CS «5
Cash In hands of Agents 174.356 10
BONDS.
Par Market
Value. Value.
Dominion of Canada. 4% $100,000 $102,000
State of Georgia. *V» per cent. 25.C0O 53.730
Territory of Arizona SO.OQO 33.500
City of Astoria. Oregon 17.000 18.C2O
City of Dallas, Texas 12.000 12.600
City of Duluth. Minn 3,106 3,M*
City of Fargo. N. D., (% «,0OO «.3fift
City of Fargo. X. D.. 7% 9.000 ».«33
City of Helena. Mont 20.000 21.400
City of Middletown, Conn.... 10.0CO 10,300
CUy of Paw tucket. R. 1 30,000 31.500
City of Portland, Oregon 25.0C0 23.730
City of Richmond. Va 50.CCO 50.000
City of Salem. Oregon 11.000 H.SSO
City of Salt Lake. Utah 40,000 44.000
City of Seattle. Wash 25,000 25.5C0
City of Urbana. Ohio 15.00O 13.000
Hennepln Co. & Minneapolis
City, Minn 25,000 23.COO
¦Wayne County, Michigan 25.000 26.230
Mankato School Dlst.. Minn.. 15,000 13.0C0
School District No. 24. Marlon
Co.. Oregon 13,000 14.0UJ
South School District Notea,
Hartford 25.CCO J3.0OO
Bl'k Rock» & Sallsby B'ch
St. R. R. Co 10,000 10.C00
Broadway & Seventh Avenue
R. R- Co 2O.0CO 21.000
c, b. &.Q. r. r. ca, »h%.. 6.000 «.eeo
C B. * Q. R. R. Co.. 4%.... «,000 .i.120
C. B. & Q. R. R. Co.. Con-
solidated 7 per cent.......... 8.000 S «00
Chic. St. touts Sc X. Orleans
R- R. Co 25,000 14.230
Chic & Northw. R. R. Co.... 5,000 S.40O
Chicago «t Western Indiana
R. R. Co....... 23.000 28.880
Cln..' D. & Ironton R. R. Co.,
Guaranteed 15,000 1S.500
Cln., Hamilton 9c Dayton R.
R. Co eo.ooo 12.500
CTev.. Cin.. Chic be St. L.
R. R, Co 10.000 9.300
Cleveland Electric R'y Co.... 20,000 20.S0O
Clev. & Mahonlng Valley R.
R. Co 10.000 12.M0
Dayton A Michigan R. R. Co 25.000 TT.oGO
Detroit, Grand RaDtds & W.
R. R. Co 3.500 3.290
Fltchburg R. R. Co 50,000 53,500
Harl. Rlv. h Portchester R.
R. Co.. Guaranteed 40.000 44.H0O
Hartford Street Railway Co.. 25,000 25.250
Illinois Central R. R. Co 25.000 24.500
Lehlgh Valley Railway Co... 25,000 28.230
Lynn & Boston Railway Co.. 13,000 10,«0i)
Minneapolis & St. Louis R.
R. Co EO.0CO 4S.00O
Norfolk 4 Western R. R. Co. 25,000 23.730
North Chicago St. R. R. Co.. 19,000 10,500
N. T. Central * H. R. R. R.
Company 25.CO0 26.300
N. T.. Lack. & Western R.
R. Co 25.000 26.250
N. T.. N. H. & H. R. R. Ca. .
Deb't Certlfleates 40.000 $5,750
Penn. & N. T. Canal A R.
R. Co -. 25.000 2«.50O
Port Reading R. R. Co 10,000 10,S0il
Southern Padflc R. R. Co.... 39,000 4V.960
St. Louis & San Francisco R.
R. Co 3S.C00 25,000
Toledo * Ohio Central R. R.
Company 15.000 15.300
"Waterburr, Ct., Traction Co. lO.oeo . 10.20O
W. Chicago St. R. R. Co 10,000 IO.jCO
W. Chicago St. R. R. Tun-
nel Co 10.000, '10.1M
Adams Express Co 25,000' 2«,UCt>
Brooklyn Wharf i -Ware- • / ¦*-
house Co 75.0C0 S7.f*X»
Chicago Edison Company..... £.000 - . 27."00
Hartford Electric Light Co... 10.000 W.20O
Minneapolis Gas Light Co.... 25,000 25,750
People's Gas Light & Coke
CO.. Chicago 23.0PO 28.230
Northwestern Telegraph Co... 15.CO0 lS,bCO>
Central Safety Deposit Co.,
Chicago 15.000 15.000
Traders' Saf« & Trust Co.. '•-¦ ."-"
Chicago ...'. 19,000 10.0CO
pTOCKi>.
150 shares B'd Eagle Val. R.
R. Co.. Guaranteed.... £500 14,82
334 shares Chic. Bur. * Quln-
cy R. R. Co 39,400 4S.08S
150 shares Chicago & N. W.
R. R. Co..... 15.C00 ».7C0
242 shares Chic, R. I. A Pa-
cific R. R. Co 24.200 23.S34
150 shares N. T. C. * Hudson
R. R. R. Co 13.000 19.500
r»share«N. T.. N. H. * H.
r. r. Co.. JT.sco ;:,«3
300 shares Pitts.. F. W. A
. Chic R. R. Co 30,000 84.000
206 shares Em;. ¦ * B. S. Tale.
Co.. Guaranteed ».00O 14.S0O
100 shares Northwestern Tele.
Co., Guaranteed • 30, POO S4.2CO
1S7 shares First Nat. Bank.
Minneapolis 1S.700 M.70O
10O shares Imp. tt Traders'
Nat. B'k. N. T 10.000 60.000
11 shares Second Nat. Bank.
¦ New Haven ¦ 1.100 1.170
100 share* . Aetna National
Bank. Hartford 10.000 U.80O
93 shares Charter Oak Nat.
Bank. Hartford 9.300 8.170
125 shares Far. k. Mech. Kat.
Bank. Hartford :.. 12.500 K23O
185 shares First Nat. Bank.
Hartford •••• 18,500 21.090
300 shares Hartford National
Bank, Hartford 30,000 . 40,500
412 shares Nat. Exchange
Bank. Hartford 20,500 25.95J
150 share* Phoenix National
Bank. Hartford 15.000- 1S.0OO
45 shares Conn. Trust & S. D.
Co., Hartford 4,500 8.3S
$1,S70.50« t2.C97.M9
Total Assets I3.S69.431 73
. SVMMART.
Cash Capital • I J*?S2'22 5?
Reserve for Reinsurance.:.. L^*!*I J*
All outstanding claims 22'iJ* S?
Net Surplus - 1.0O.839- 71
• : Total Assets ..|3.S«9,«51 75
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT 1
411 California St., San Francisco.
BENJAMIN J. SMITH, Manafter.
COLIN M. BOYD, Agent fcr 8an Franclaco.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USB DAiOANA BITTERS, THE
great Mexican remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot. 323 Market.
My U $11 nA
Mrs. Brewer Recommends Peruna
For Grip and Female Catarrh
The Lersreet and" Oldest Champagne Hous* la
the World.
White Seal (Grande Cuvee), of «'
ccptional bouquet and dry dryness.
— Cottrt Iwnai.
WILLIAM WOLFF A CO.,
Pacific Coaat Agents. 313 M»rk*» St. 8.1*.
Woeta
O?andon
DR. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For the cure of GONORRHOEA. GLEETS.
STRICTURES and analogous complaints of the
Organs of Generation.
• Price Jl a bottle. For sale by druggists.
77 ¦ "^^^"^ <^^=i^^-"'- \
'.> *S^K9 These Jackets are of the best quality of jSA
} •**' T electric seal and are Illustrated above, g
' » They are elegantly made Jn ev^ry partic- rg
J3 A*MBPZ*C£&JC&)k V * Tj!ar an(1 arP 'without doubt the handpom- {a
H iB6^?iaBmn»iJfc < 9 i garments of the kind ever offered at f*A
Pi /^J£^^Wr.^riW^^S^> tnls 6 * 0re - Electric seal looks and wears US
T**A}p •**> JL****^^*^'! r£fU5afcg' Iilce Talskln. n-nd! Is very popular in th«» &3
fe fir Ji'^ i rw^»^^5 1i?S!*55?«^. East thif: fea«on. The?*; jackets are 22 Rj
[^'i?*^^*Njj PTO^kx inches lone, beautifully lined with rich R5
m |fty.m^ rSfogh^ nfi- •¦ 4ffffS(\\ brown satin ar.d are exceptionally wHI RS
&& Cw />¦?*&&* £&j£ffiim made. We have had considerable diffl- ¥4
TsJr «rat''>? ¦tl/i! *»9SJ%2B2wBBSm/ culty in bring s.ble to supply the demand fcf
? * "faSi fit>«i!lfiIfflMBSW™ r **&r for these jrarments. and have been unable K3
rl 1 t : L%4SvF to advertise them until to-day. A new lot 5a
ki '- iiB&MmfBW h &* Just been complotfd. they will be E9
l\ WgiB52Gita&^ 9PUi a "Vwhere on the Coast C. O. D. on gj
ra 4&£^33&tB/%7 r,- approval, providinc sizo wanted Is pent. a
nJ&&&8£sWr I> .« an opp or t un itj. to purchase a fine Jacket at a H
HT ''HiSSSa^Kft moderate Prtce which you cannot well afford to miss. Kg
1 "i A"»" Now is the time to buy your fur neck scarfs for -* H
j < / Christmas presents. We. have them in every con- Hj
!. - f ceivable shape, style and qualitj'. The bigjjest as- < K
I , / ¦ Bortment ever shown tn San Francisco. Over a RB
\'l K. hundred kind* In all. Nothing can be chosen that" H
) •; - \. -would make a more acceptable gift to a lady than ¦§
j ; Curved stone marten oposaum neck b
I \ \ s0^~^. Carved sable opossum neck scarfs .with ra
§ Vt5ih Horseshoe Neck Scarfs-- I
B *v xrrcrrV' <^V ti^^>^=s^ large assortment and in all: the B
W8 s1i\x\ \Vl\ \^ /^^Sg$^ most fashionable furs, all trimmed M
(4 ¦" (I \>.\1 \Ci wlth el^ ht talls - of . stone mar- fit
' . // V x '\ v\'*^^^»iSVi ten opossum, 8ii.."5O to J«4.O(> each M
!J' r -iW \v^\ - Of sable opossum 84..1O each H
\f/M> \ j' /^<ii^ l^T Oi black marten opossum. 85.00 «
5 [l;!h X h /fc^^M%X§sMS? to ...«i:i.f>O each '»
P do .<&% \M \\ V^ Of mink. ?TO.OO to ...815.OO each H
! *R7 \v)U • • Vk N5 SS3 / Blue fox scarfs 3KK.OO ~ BJ
MVyA\\ f Red fox scarfs *H..~O H
I^^^^^^^^ eaUe fox Bcarfs z^'"\ " 89#5 ° I
I f if - " OPEN EVENINGS. I :
1 i)fi V^S^ Mall orders promptly filled. / •
& 133"137' Yost St: t /S»Ir^^^o^fl
for Christmas Gifts
'•¦•' v. ¦'* -*- '•. ¦¦..-' " '¦ "¦ ', ¦ .;-¦';..- i '.I
No OH, No Wich,\ No /Trouble. I
Beautiful lamps, with hand-decorated shades
and globes to match. Direct importations of -
. the Welsbach Co. No duplicates. Including:*-
Imported Glassware
Antique find Modern Bronze y|pPI^
1 Be sure to use the Genuine Welsbach Mantles ,
I .. to:get< the finest effects; and i , the Improved ;
1 Welsbach yLight, with iGasrSavingvRegulator, :,'
I to save 83*596 pi cost of Hghting.
I ASK FOR NEW YEAR CALENDAR BOOK MARKER >
I \plsbach Company
I i3» iEllis Street.
11^ O^N . E X?NINGS DURENd THE HOLIIW.YS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.:. Everything looks promising 7 for .*•: the Nicaragua
canal, , but ; things have looked that way_ before. < It is
to : bV noted the lobby''that,;has;: fought the biip all
along has^ not >yet; thought inadvisable ;to> leave the
capital and go home. '
Our Nation's -.Wealth.
5 Gold * and j eilver.' are : poured • abundantly ' Into
• the . lap ¦ of : the ] nation.; but - our material , wealth
andttren-thris 7 rather, in ; iron,* , the moet useful
of , all metals;^ Just : as; the i. wealth 'of a human
: beinsiltes ; in J a J useful t stomach: ; - : If ! y6u * have
'oy er— rorked -yours until ' It ' la ' disabled,' , try I Hoe- *
\ tetter's r Stomach- Bitters.";! It ¦; will -; relieve the
clogRpd bowels. Improve* the ; appetite and cure
constipation/; dyspepsia, biliousness. , liver and
kiuney disease. «
The; theaters; of the i world that' have. the
largest ' seating T capacity are the . Alham
bra, -London; -- Bolshair, : • St. Petersburg;
San Carlos/ Naples,' and La Scala, Milan.
Each has a capacity of 500O.t___BB_
' POULTRY JOURNALS— H. C. Pacific
Grove, Cal.',.. Papers published in Califor
nia* and 1 devoted t to ; poultry are : Califor
nia. Cultivator: and Poultry-Keeper, Los
Angeles; 1 California' Poultry Tribune, Los
Angeles, and Fanciers' Monthly, San Jose.
v PHOTPGRAPH-Sub3crib€r, qty. If a
man receives a copy of a photograph from
a " friend . and ; he f is : then ' mean enough to
have :¦ the ¦'same :. copyrighted '; without ; the
consent of the one who holds tne negative
there is no law to. prevent 'him. Jf he se
cures the copyright he alone can* issue the
picture. .. \ ¦ __________
; EXAMINATION PAPERS^L. H. TV,
Oakland;;Cal.V For. information about the
questions. that r were asked" during the civil
service examinations held In 'Oakland last
November « write \ to * the > secretary, 1 of t the
branch of ¦ the service In which, the exam
ination,was held?: ;
HALF-DOLLAR OP: 1832— S. F., Cayu
ccs, ;CaL- A half-dollar' of 1832 does .not
command a' premium from dealers. '.. For a
LARGEST THEATERS-P.. 8., City.
Church were discovered one April 13 and
the other April 14. 1895. -
; THE CHURCH : MURDERS— Q. B. G.,
Stockton, Cal.; The bodies of the two girls
who were murdered in the Emmanuel
•A HALF OF 1805— Subscriber, Gold
Bluff, Cal. A half-dollar of the Issue of
1805 does 'not - command a premium from
dealers. • . ,
THE BRITISH ARMY— Reader, Honcut,
Butte County, ; Cal. Service in the Brit
ish army is entirely ; by voluntary enlist
ment, the same as in the United States.
ANSWERS TO COIlHilSPONBENTS.
\ We are undoubtedly to be a { greater commercial
people in the future than in the past, and as we" train
men and ; women - for . the . professions, . why not train
themalso for. business?
¦ This foundation is the result of the public'.inter
est . in the . campaign of education on these subjects
which began in 1896. That campaign revealed "the
need of accurate training in the principles of finance
and trade which would equip for thinking upon them
as accurately- as upon any other, scientific jsubjec'tl;" We
can see great value to the community v in' such -a col
lege department, and Lit is highly. probable thatrDart
mouth will not long be alone, in the .matter. d The
training: isydistinctly for practical -life. There : is- a
standing complaint that universities do not equip. their
graduates for actual life? except in the sense of train
ing; their minds for use": But' this does not train r them
in the use. '-
The curriculum of the Tuck school includes instruc
tion in the, problems of taxation, : currency, practical
banking, corporate and municipal administration, the
growth and status of foreign trade and general eco
nomicquestions. »".- .« -. '
DARTMOUTH is the first American college to
found a separate and distinct school of admin
istration and finance, in which to train young
men in the broad principles of .modern 'business and
scientific finance. . , It is founded -by, Mr. Edward Tuck
of Paris ; in memory of : his father, who graduated at
.Dartmouth ; in 1835, and was ; a , prominent figure in
New Hampshire in the early anti-slavery struggles
The son is also a Dartmouth, man, having graduated
in 1862. He began. life in our ¦diplomatic service as
_ member, of the legation at Paris, and is one; of the
directors of the Chase National Bank' in'NewVYork.
A SCHOOL OF FINANCE.
WASHINGTON. Dec. . 19.— David L.u
bin of Sacramento is at the National: C.
W. Burrell and wife "of Los Angeles are
at the St. James; G..H. Coffin, wife and
son of Pasadena are at the Raleigh; Wil
liam • Addlson ' and wlf e '. of San • Francisco
are at the Shore ham.
CALIFOENIA-TS IN WASHINGTON
1H;OR the States bordering upon the Great Lakes
I -~and for those between the lakes and. the sea the
recent report of the deep waterway commission
is as interesting as the report of the commissiQn on
the isthmian canal. There has long been a ''desire -for
a deep canal from the lakes to the ocean, and the com
mittee reports that the enterprise is feasible.
There are now canals oh the upper lakes giving
a twenty-foot channel from Duluth to Buffalo..* The
Erie canal, connecting the lakes with the; Hudson, is
insufficient for the inci easing traffic, and so the com
mittee recommends a canal from Lake Erie to 'Lake
Ontario, via Lasalle and Lewiston, and. then from
Lake Ontario to the Hudson River, via Oswego and
the Mohawk Valley.
The report contemplates either a twenty-foot or a
thirty-foot channel; but if the work be undertaken it
is safe *to say the deeper channel 'will be~ adopted.
When constructed the canals,, with the lake and the
rivers, will give throilgh the territory of the United
States a deep waterway 'by which "'the largest vessels
may pass from the ocean through to the lakes, and
all the lake cities will be virtually seaports.
.. 7 he enterprise is a big one and will cost a lot of
money. It is estimated that to provide thirty-foot
channels through all the. canals 'on the route from
New York to Duluth Will \cost $317,000,000. The
United States could do a greaVdeal with that sum of
money in the way of redeeming the arid /lands Vpf'the
Great West and conserving, .'the! forests of the whole
country. Consequently the work is not going to be
undertaken without mature consideration of the ques
tion whether there is not other work for the Govern
ment of more pressing urgency than furnishing a ship
canal that will benefit only one section of the country.
The fact that Canada is preparing for the construc
tion of a deep' waterway through her\efritory may
induce many persons to favor the construction of one.
through our territory. We are not likely to have war.
with Great Britain, but nevertheless few Americans
would like to see the British' in possession of an • open
way from the ocean to the lakes while , we have none.
The opening of a deep waterway either through
Canada or theVUnited States will-make a tremendous
economic change in the conditions of the whole lake
region. The 'grain traffic of the lakes is already; enor
mous, and of recent years there has been also an'im
mense traffic in iron ¦ 01 e; coal and :; other •products! At
the present time shipments from the lake •States; in-'
ten'de'd for • Europe go down to New .York, and fare ¦
tl:cre transhipped. With the new . channels ¦ open r the
FROM LAKE TO OCEAN
Special Information suppl!ed daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery st. Telephone Main KM2. •
Genuine ebony and silver mounted toilet
and manicure sets in leather cases with
silk linings and cheaper sets in celluloid
cases, silk lined, with beautiful celluloid
nttlngs for $150 to $15 per set. Nothing
so desirable as presents for young ladles.
Sanborn. Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
Toilet Bets for Christmas.
Townsend's California glace fruits. Me. a
pound, in fire-etched boxes or Jap. bas
kets. A nice present for Eastern friends
639 Market street. Palace Hotel building.*
Best eyeglasses, sp^cs. 20c to 50c. X_>ok
out for 81 4th, front barber and grocery. •
Time to. express Towrssendys- California
glace fruits to your Eastern friends. - •
To-wnsend's famous broken and platn
mixed candy, 2 lbs 23e. 639 Market street.*
Thousands of pounds of California glao*
fruits all ready for shipping. Townsend'?.*
Ex. strong hoarhound candy. To/wnsend's*
Choice candles, Towtisend's.Palac© Hotel.*
It is not too much to expect something of the same
kind will happen in San Francisco if we can onre
get a great library fairly launched. It is therefore grat
ifying that the first step has been : made. A general
movement on the part of the city and the citizens to
provide San Francisco with a magnificent library and
e building of a monumental character would be a good
enterprise with which to start the new century;
It is to be noted in this connection that the Ameri
can people like big things, and will strain themselves
to advance a great enterprise when they would hardly
give fc thought to a little one. So long as the Astor,
Lenoa and Tilden libraries were separate the people
of New York did little or nothing to promote them.
The moment they were united the whole community
took an interest in them. The city voted a magnificent
site for a building and also a liberal appropriation.
Private citizens came forward with contributions,
and so the great work augmented like a rolling snow
ball until it has reached its present magnitude, and
the end is not yet. . .
Since in an old city like New York the conserva
tism that held the Lerox, Astor, and .Tilden libraries
separate for sentimental reasons has been overcome
and a vigorous new movement started which willgiv
the city library facilities superior to any other city in
the world, it is not too much to expect that in a youqg
city like San Francisco a s itnilar movement once
started would soon increase in power and extent an i
go forward until this city also has a library of the first
magnitude.
Xew York, however, is not content with effecting
the union of the three foundations named. Efforts
_re now being made to bring the New York Free
Circulating Library into the combination. The Cir
culating Library has eleven buildings in different parts
of the city, and its property as a whole is valued at
$700,000. That in itself will be a magnificent addi
tion to the great library of the city, but that is not all.
The plans of consplidation include co-operation be
tvi-een the library and the schools which have branch
libraries, so that when all has been perfected New
York will have a library S3 r stem so comprehensive that
it will supply the needs of all classes of people from
school-children up.
In the movement toward consolidation the trustees
of the various libraries in San Francisco will find a
good example to emulate "and to follow in what has
been accomplished by the managers of libraries in
New York. Xot long ago New York was in a con
dition not dissimilar to that which exists in San
Francisco. There were several excellent libraries, but
no one of them was of first rank. The trustees recog
nized that much better work could be done by con
solidation than by separate effort, and accordingly a
pian was devised to bring the Astor, Lenox and Til
den foundations together. The moment so g-eat a
library wa? in sight the whole community took an
interest in it. Steps .were taken to provide a struc
ture suitable for it, and now New York is to have a
library building' which will surpass the noted one at
Boston and perhaps even the monumental structure
a*. Washington, which at present is the finest library
building in the world.
AT the meeting of the trustees of the Mechanics"
Institute on Tuesday evening an arrangement
was made by which the Philatelic Society be
comes affiliated with the Mechanics' Library; to the
advantage of the members of both -organizations. It
is further reported that this is the first step;to\vard
the accomplishment of a comprehensive plan by which
various other literary, professional, scientific and- art
societies are to be united with the institute. It thus
appears that the movement toward the consolidation
of libraries in this city is fairly under way. and that
...
we may soon have in existence a library equal to the
needs of our people and worthy of the city.
LIBRARY CONSOLIDATION.
W. C. Potts, a Jamestown railroad man,
is at the Grand. .
Dr. E. G. Glass and wife of Montana are
stopping at theRuss.
C. "W. Eastman, a Modesto attorney, is
registered at the GranoV
B. U. Stelnnian, ex-Mayor of Sacra
mento, Is at the Palace.
J. A. Fillmore will be back from his
Eastern trip to-morrow night.
Judge S. E. Geirof Salinas is among the
late arrivals at the Occidental.
..;. Bishop "VV, H. Moreland and wife of Sac
ramento are'.at the Occidental.,
. J. O. Hestwood, a San Jose mining man, i
Is stopping at the Grand for a few days.
Mr. and Mrs. William Cluff have gone
to New YorK for the Christmas holidays.
; D. O. -Davis, superintendent of a large
hop plantation^, at Healdsburg, Is regis
tered at the Russ.
James McCudden, the Vallejo naval con
tractor, accompanied by his daughter. Is I
stopping at the Grand.
John T. Skelton, traveling agent for the
Denver and Rio Grande/with headquar
ters at Sacramento, is in "town. '
C. V. and John L. Inderrieden, large
dried fruit merchants in Chicago, are at
the Occidental. They are on a combined
business and pleasure trip to the Coast.
J. G. Johnson of Kansas, chairman of
the J executive committee of the Demo
cratic National Committee, Is in town
on a brief visit. .. Mr. Johnson is on his
way r to Los Angeles.
Julius Kruttschnltt, general manager of
the Southern Pacific, left last night with
his family for New Orleans, Mr. Krutt
schnitt's old home,' where they, will spend
the Christmas holidays.
J. H. Lathrop. formerly general" agent
of the Union Pacific/ has been . appointed
general eastern freight agent of the Ore
gon Railroad and Navigation Company
and the Oriental : Steamship Company, !
with headquarters in New York City. "
PERSONAL MENTION.
DEAF AND DUMB- A. S.. City. Statis
tics show that the children of deaf, mutes
are not all born deaf. There is congenital
deafness; dumbness in such cases is a'con
sequence. Children born deaf have all
that is requisite for speech, but not hear
ing sounds cannot repeat them. " There
is a variety of causes to account for con
genital deafness. Deafness may be hered
itary and it more often is tha result at
consanguineous marriages.
CUT THIS OUT— There are but few half
dollars of the United States Mints that
command a premium. Those that do com
mand such premium are of the following
?» aU ?*V. 1794 i, 17^ 1797 - im - 1802 - MIS. 1836.
If without E Pluribus on the reverse: 1838
with O between the bust and date; 1S52,
1853, without arrows at date or rays about
the eagle.
THE COLOSSETUM— P. S.. City. The
Colosseum at Home was not a theater as
the term is applied to playhouses. It was
simply an amphitheater. . The theater has
only a eemicfrcle of seats fronting the
stage; the amphitheater Is entirely sur
rounded by seats. The Colosseum had a
capacity for 87,000 persons. •
REGISTRATION-C. W., City. A man
when he registers In order to vote In tho
State of California has to answer ques
tions under cath. If he deliberately make
a false statement he is liable to be prose
cuted for perjury.
r^w^WA 3116 V* ey charge from 8 50
to $3 50 If It has large letters In tha
leg-end. If it has small letters In the leg
end they charge from 75 cents to ti. '
Upon this . showing the reform movement in Ne-v
York must begin with a demand for latch keys. Until
the. respectable married man can attend to his political
"duties without a domestic disturbance every. time he
goes to a ward meeting at night the city will -be badly
governed. ; Most married men would rather let Tam
many rule the roost than to have a fight for liberty at
home. Either, then, there must be a latch key for the
lord of the house or else arrangements must be made
to provide seats for ladies at all political meetings
and elections. That is the situation, and the simple
statement ofit shows how. cruel Mark Twain was in
taunting his hosts. for, neglect of; civic duties.
Such being the situation the sensitive citizens of the
metropolis have been looking about for excuses and
have found one. It hasbeen stated that after allthc
rule of Tammany is due mainly to the married women
of the city. It. appears that the wife of nearly every
good citizen objects to his going out at night unless
he takes her. along. Of course men cannot take their
wives to mass meetings and primary elections, and so
they do not attend such things. 'The consequence is
that New York is run*by bachelors and by men whose
wives would rather have them" out of the house than
The commendation did not make the dignitaries at
the banquet very happy. The halo didn't fit. All New
York Has been talking ever since the election of tha
need of reform and each man has been eager for all
other men to perform their civic duty. Consequently
any sarcasm IikVtlut of the humorous Mr. Twain
seemed a little.more stinging than it would, have been
at any /other time. The New Yorkers are aware that
Tammany. gives them the best government they de
serve, for if they deserved better they would long ago
have overthrown Tammany and established a decent
administration.
SOME days ago Mark Twain in addressing the
St. Nicholas Society in New York said: "Gen
tlemen, you have the best municipal govern
ment in the world; the purest and the most fragrant.
The very angels envy you and wish they could estab
lish a government like it in heaven. You got it by
noble fidelity to civievduty/'
THE WOMAN IN THE CASE.
swallowed' an egg after which It be
gan an exploration of the cellar, winding
up with a peep in the Jugr. It evidently
concluded to crawl through the handle of
the Jug, and as a result the egg was
crowded well back toward Us tall. When It
could go no further it was In easy reach
of the eggs and swallowed another. An
egg in the body on each side of the handle
made it Impossible for the reptile to move
either way, and. as it was too greedy to
cough anything up. It was held in captiv
ity until discovered and, killed by a mem
ber of Mr. Plerce's family.
DAN HUBBARD recently returned
" from Capay Valley, says the
Woodland Democrat, and unloaded
a new snake - story upon- his
friends. It runs this way:
C. E. Pierce lives' near Gulnda. About
two weeks ago a box of eggs, was left In
the cellar of the Pierce residence. Beside
the box sat an ordinary jug. Members of
the Pierce household were surprised to
find a huge rattlesnake with Its ..slimy
body half way through the jug handle
and unable to move either way. It all
occurred In this manner. The snake
Rbptile's Curiosity and Hankering After the Good Things
of Life Cause ;His Early Downfall. '
THURSDAY DECEMBER 20, .1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Addresi All Gcmmcdeaticas to W. 8. LEASE, Kuugtr.
MATTARKH'S OFFICE TelepUwne Pr<M*->_O4
PCBLICATIO^V^FFICE... Market ___l Third. S. F.
Telephone Press 201.
HDITOniAL ROOMS 2X7 to 221 Stevenson' St.
Telephone I'r«-s* 2O2.
Delivered by Carrier*. 15 Cents Per Week.
Single Copie*. 5 Cent*.
Terms by Mefl. InolnrtJner Po«(n«ei
DAILY CALIi {Including Bandar), one year I $8.00
DAIL.T CALL (including Sunday). 6 months 3.00
DAILY CALL (including: Sunday). 3 months 1.50
IXAILY CAUL— By Single Month _ 65p
6CXDAY CALL.. On* Year 1.50
WEEKLY CALL, One Year 1.00
AH pontmanterii are authorised to recelre
•nbucrlpttonii.
Sample copies will be forwarded -when requested.
:..'a:l rabfcribers in ordering change of address should be
particular to give both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE 11 IS Broadway
C. GEORGB KItOGJfESS.
Kaatgtr Foreig* AdrertisiEg. Karoattt* Building. Chicigo,
(Long Distance Telephone "Central 2613.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C CARLTO.V Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE: . • '
STEFHE.V D. SMITH SO Tribune Bnlldlns
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS: ;
Waldorf -ArtorJa Hotel; A. Bnentano, SI Union Square; •'
Murray H1U Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STAJfDS:
Ehemaa Kouse; P. O. Newt Co.*; Great Northern Hotel; j
Fre— icr.t House; Auditorium Hotel.
WASH1XGTOX (D. C.) OFFICE.- . .14OC G St., X. W. j
MORTON K. CHAXE, Co-respondent.
BRAVCH OFFICES— $33 Montgomery, comer of Clay, open I
ur.til 9-J9 o'clock. 300 Hayes, t»pcn until 9:30 o'clock. 633 j
McAllister. op?n until 9:30 o'clock. CIS Larkln, open until
6:28 o'clock. 1S41 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
corner Sixteenth, cpen until 9 o'clock. 10S« Valencia, open
until 9 o'clock. 1C-6 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW. cor
ner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
JOHN. D. ROCKEFELLER has given so many
millions to the University of Chicago, and his
.gifts have followed one another so rapidly, that
they have ceased: to attract much attention from the
general public. In. fact; a donation*_of a million or two
from the founder to the university, is a sort of annual
event and is passed ovcr^vith comparative indifference
ai one of the things^&'at*everybody expected.
The gift will serve/, however, to recall to public at
tention at the close- of the century how much the
American people are indebted to . rich,:men for a!i
manner of liberal gifts." Rockefeller's donation is not
going to stand alone at the closing" of the century.
Recent reports announced that Yale expects to. have
a million added to her endowment fund within a short
I time, ' and other : universities are to be the recipients
I of gifts hardly, less^large. ' •- "
It is to be noted, that ; in,announcing the ;gift Presi
dent Harper took occasion to -say: ''Whatever may
have happened in other universities, in the University
oi Chicago neither the trustees nor the president; nor
any one in official position, has at any time called an
irstructor to account for any public utterances which
he may.have made. In order not to be misunderstood
I wish to say that no donor of funds to the university
— and I include in the number of donors the founder
of the university, Mr- Rockefeller — has ever by a
single word or'act indicated his dissatisfaction with the
instruction given to^ the students of the university or
with the public expression of opinion made by an of
ficer of the university. I vouch for the truth of this
statement, and I trust it may have^ the largest possible
publicity." ¦
It is gratifying to have that positive statement from
Dr. Harper. There is no doubt that the Ameri
can people have become very sensitive upon the sub
ject of .the domination of universities by great capi
talists. Such domination, if it were exercised to even
a fraction of the extent reported, would be a serious
evil to the nation. Fortunately there are assurances
forthcoming that it dees not exist. As a rule our
liberal millionaires have made their gifts to educa
tional institutions for the purpose of advancing knowl
edge and not with the intent of propagating any
dogmas of their own. Chicago University is to be
congratulated upon the magnificent gift that comes
to her without imposing a single restraint upon her
intellectual freedom.
GIFTS TO UNIVERSITIES.
SNAKE RUNS AFOUL OF
A LITTLE BROWN JUG
Under our present social customs the
bud who is at all a favorite in society is
practically without rest after the season
opens until Lent comes to her relief. She
la compelled to dress in a manner that
exposes her most to colds and other mal
adies; she goes to balls when people of
even liberal domestic habits are about
going to bed. and she arrives home about
S or 4 o'clock In the mornlnu weary ami
nervous, and this Is called the enjoyment
of social life. She goes to a dinner rn the
home of fashion where wealth rules, and
she is bewildered by the studied extrava
gance exhibited on every side. These din
ners are of many courses, -with nanr con
ducive to health, are tiresome', ta the last
decree and often end in the dance that is
prolonged after the' midnight hour.—
PHILADELPHIA TIMES.
PUBLICAN.
Cruel Social Customs.
end means to stop the rebate and secret
contract lawlessness and bring the roads
to an honest observance of the Interstata
commerce law. This Is well. But the
State Itself Is not to be regarded as so
impotent that it must rely upon the vol
untary action of the roads whether the
law is obeyed or not. The closer public
control of the common carrier Is a great
public necessity. The common carriers
nave made It so ty making th«mselve3
uncommon carriers.— SPRINGFIELD RE-
CAN.
Race for the Poles.
Never in the history of polar explora
tion has thjere been so much Interest ex
hibited In the determined attempts to
solve the ereat problem of how to g*t
there as at the present time. r»o less
than twelve expeditions will be at worlc
In Antarctic and Arctic regions next year
and most of these expeditions will be
headed by men who are trained polar ex
plorers. Of these expeditions three are
now cut, while six are planned to go to
ward the north pole and three toward tha
south pole. — PHILADELPHIA IN
QUIRER.
The Cuban Constitution.
Let the Cubans take all the time they
need In the framing of their ofganio law.
They will remain under the guardianship
of the United" States until their new char
ter goes Into actual operation, and there
fore there is no especial need on their part
for haste. The question for the Cubans to
decide is as to whether they want a re
public of their own or will have annexa
tion to the United States, and that Is an,
Issue which , they will decide themselves
without any interference from this coun
try- No monarchy will b© established on
the Island In any case.— ST. LOUIS
GLOBE-DEMOCKAT.
Control Common Carriers.
It Is reported that leading railroad of
ficers In the West have been In confer
ence the past week with representatives
of various financial Interests over ways
Joy Through Suffering.
In real life, as In tragedy, the depres
sion over the facts of existence la re
lieved by a consciousness of Increasing
power— If not of control, at least of en
durance. Experience means more suffer
ing: a* well as more ioy. Evolution or
higher life la bought at fearful cost, yet
the zest of life, the sense of power over
comes even the tragic facts of existence,
and man wills to live although. cold cal
culation would decide against 4 it-—CHI
CAGO CHRONICLE.
Good for Chaffee.
The American general displayed the true
American spirit In. his letter of protest to
Von Waldersee, and also In his further
notification to the Ministers of the various
powers that all persona would be prohib
ited from passing the American sruarda
posted at the south gate of the imperial
palace in Peking;. General Chaffee' 3
countrymen cannot but be proud of him
at such a moment. He is conducting him
self In splendid accordance with the tra
ditions of the army to which he has the
honor to belong.— ST. LOUIS REPUBLJ-
Rural Free Delivery.
Rural free delivery Is bound to come,
and it Is only a question of time when tt
wijl cover the country. Every extension
of the system 13 accompanied by appea.a
for new routes by farmers, who see ks
advantages demonstrated in operation,
and their appeals cannot be disregarded.
— PHIUADKLFHIA LEDGER
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
IN VARIETY
The country will await the decision with high ex
pectation, and when tendered. the future will be seeji
in a clearer atmosphere.
The great issue raised can, be settled only by the
Supreme Court. It cannot be adjusted by ballots,
nor made the play of shifting party politics. The
Porto Ricans and Filipinos cannot be citizens by the
result of Ojfie election and returned to alienage by the
adverse result of the next. That would mean chaos,
against which the constitution distinctly canonizes.
v On the other hand is the tenable contention that the
supreme law of the land cannot be at war with itself,
and that one set of rights may be conferred by the
constitution but denied by a treaty] ,:'>.-,
The greatest intellects of this country and Europe
have regarded the constitution as one of the most in
teresting studies involved in the science of,govern
ment. Its phrasing, punctuation, the arrangement of
its clauses, the effect of one upon another and upon
all, and of all upon one, when studied have shown
that it contains nothing meaningless. Throughout its
structure, everywhere, meaning and purpose are ap
parent. From this view of. it lawyers and laymen,
Judges and students, may well inquire why section 2
at article VI was not made to read: "This constitu
tion, and the laws of the_United States, and all trea
ties made or which shall be- made, in pursuance
thereof, under authority of the United States, shall be
the supreme law of the land.". That would have left
it clear that the intention of the makers of the con
stitution was that all treaties, as well as all laws, must
conform to the constitution.
If it be held to apply only to the precedent, a de
cision to that effect wins the case of the Government;
otherwise that case fails.
The limiting and qualifying phrase, "in pursuance
thereof," unquestionably applies to what precedes it,
to the laws of the United States, but does it also
apply to "all treaties made or which shall be "made"?
Does it limit the antecedent clause as well as the
This raises the question of the constitutional char
acter of a treat}'. Must it, like a law of Congress, con
form to the constitution? The constitution itself (ar
ticle VI, section 2) uses peculiar phraseology: "This
constitution, and the laws of the United States which
shall be made in pursuance thereof, an\i all treaties
made, or which shall be made, under authority of the
United States, shall be the supreme law of the land."
The opening argument of Attorney General Griggs,
in the case now being heard, will disclose an 'issue
which we believe has not heretofore been the subject
of a judicial decision. He said: "It was the inten
tion of the treaty of Paris not to make the ceded
islands a part of the United States, and not to make
the inhabitants of those islands citizens."* 1
We regard it as, the settled conviction of a majority
of the American people that the many millions' of peo
ple brought under our jurisdiction by the treaty of
Paris shall not become citizens arid, as such, be incor
pr.ic.ted in the American Union. • If the court decide
that they arcjto._be so incorporated, two courses are
open, either of which may be taken. The constitution
ma}- be amended so as to hold the territory acquired,
govern it by such principles and administer it by such
policy as the amendment may declare, or the territory
and the people may be thrust outside of our jurisdic
tion and, under our tutelage, exercised to the same
extent as in Cuba, be made responsible for their own
government in a condition of independence.
The expansive results of the Spanish war have put
upon the country burdens and responsibilities that
have to be borne or gotten rid of: or, if their con
tinuance under the constitution require administra
tion incompatible at once with '.that instrument and
the interests of the country, it may be amended to
conformity with both. '
THE COURT AND THE COLONIES:
THE Dred Scott decision was an - epoch-making
act, of the Supreme Court of the United States.
While it was both misrepresented and misunder
stood, and was unpopular in the North, it was the
most searching judicial discussion of the constitution
that had occurred in our history. As affecting the
case it decided it was obsoleted by the Civil War, but
this had to be done by the thirteenth, fourteenth and
fifteenth amendments, which imported into the con
stitution principles that were not in existence when the
decision was rendered. Therefore it stands as a Valid
interpretation of constitutional principles as they were
fixed in the original instrument. Since that great de
cision was , rendered no issue before the court has
equaled the one then joined, until now.
vessels, that loaded at Duluth would steam past 'New
York 'or/ Montreal .and go on their way ; across the
ocean. Much ; of the shipping business now carried
on: in New York would' be" at an end, and' the hope
of Chicago of being some day the metropolis of the
world would be near to realization. - ¦'.-'.•'
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY; DECEMBER 20, 1900;
A. CAPAY VALLEY SERPENT WITH A FONDNESS FOR EGGS BE
\ COMES IMPRISONED IN A JUG HANDLE, WHERE, REFUSING TO
"COUGH UP." HE IS KILLED.
Perhaps one of the things we may discover during
the coming century is a method of reforming a city
government and making the reform keep its color.
6
_3£US_1_ENTS.
Orrhetim — Vaudeville.
Grand Or*ra-heu«*— -"A Tale of Two Cities." . . .
Alccxar— "Madame Butterfly.**
Coluir.b'.a — 'The Duke's Jeeter.**
Tlroli— 'Clnderells.."
Centra! Theater— •Tbe Heart of Maryland." Saturday night.
CaTifornla— "Ole Olson."
Olj-mpia. corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo tnd Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon an<l
evening.
Firchrr't— Vaudeville.
Tanforan Park — Races to-_»y.
________________ _____
By Ed— _rd S. Spear _• Co.— Thursday. Friday and Satur-
<!_7. at 11 o'clock a. m., at 21-33 Butter Btreet, Books.
By Sullivan & Doy!e— FTlday. Dec«nt«_r 21. at 11 o'clock.
Carnage*. BueKie*. etc. at corner Xatoma and New Mont-
rocr i(?rj- etT— ets.
By S. TVatki ns — Saturday. December 22. at 11 o'clock.
Herfes, at Twelfth and Harrison streets.
M — M _ w ___
SUNDAY'S fAI I I
I DECEMBER 23. 190a \
I AMUSEMENTS.
\m A Sermon by Rev. Samuel Slocombe. $
I The Greatest Chinese Funeral
I ~ Ever Seen in America.
I How Bears Saved the Life of
I W. j. Lamrjck.
I — Washington Society for 1901. j
I 3 Christmas in Our Latin Quar- jfe> §
I (:; A Night on a Fire Engine. |
I The Subtle Art of Posing. 1
I Where Christmas Toys Are |
I And Other Stories of Human ]
1 Interest. j
I PECK'S BAD BOY AND THE GROCERYMAfi ICJollector Stratton TJrg«d to Becom
mend His Transfer to Some
New Sphere of Action
Formar Complaint Lodged
Against the Unpopular
• Officer.
DR. KINYOUN MAY
MOVE HIS DRUGS
TO OTHER PARTS
Painting and Drawing Outfits.
Oil painting outfits from $2 to $12 50 each;
water color boxes, all price*; China paint-
Ing outfits from $5 up. Best materials
cr.ly used in these outfits. Also a splendid
assortment of drawing instruments at
very low prices. Sanborn, Vail & Co.. 741
Market street. •
Camera Club Will Entertain.
The California Camera Club will enter
tain Its friends to-night at' headquarters
with a "Xmas Hy-Jon-E-Kln" party.
Among the good things will be a Christ
mas tree, music, beer and pretzels. The
principal event of the evening will be an
auction sale of donated prints. Proceeds
of the auction sale will be used In meet
ing the expenses of the coming photo
graphic salon.
cidental Hotel last evening. Before the
banquet a business meeting- was held at
which were discussed a number of amend
ments to the constitution, which are to
come before the annual congress of the
Legion In Washington next summer. The
following new members were taken in:
Elected in succession. First Lieutenant
H. L. Roosevelt of the United States Ma
rine Corps; elected by inheritance. Cap
tain Warren H. Cowles of the Fourth
United States Infantry. Second Lieuten
ant James Regan of the Fourteenth
«_nited States Iniantry and Second Lieu
tenant Alton B. CusicK.
Companion Fl G. Cartwright -was rein-
Stated as a member of the commandery.
Since January 1 thirty-eight members of
the commandery have died, which is an
exceptionally large mortality record.
Colonel J. B. Fuller presided at the ban
quet and among those who gave toasts
were General N. P. Chipman, Colonel J.
A. Smith of the United States Engineer
Corps. Colonel W. R, Smedberg. Captain
Brant of Washington. General J3. B. Tut
tle of Oregon. Captain Bevln of Pennsyl
vania Commandery'. Admiral Trilley nt
the United States navy and General W.
T. Clark of the District of Columbia Com
mandery.
Several New Members Admitted to
California Commandery of the
Loyal Legion.
California Commandery, Military Order
ot the Loyal Legion, banqueted at the Oc-
WAB, VETEEtAJfS BANQUET
AT OCCIDENTAL HOTEL
To-morrow will be a gala day for ladies.
Shoes that cost $2 DO a pair will be placed
on the table to pick from for 6~nly 75 cts.
a pair at bankrupt shoe sale of the Cali
fornia, 1506 ilarket St., near City Hall av.»
Ladies Are Especially Invited.
The new organization will hold Its an
nual meetings on the third Tuesday in
June of each year.
There were addresses for the good of
the new organization by Supreme Herald
and Past Noble Grand Arch Martinoni,
the promoter of the grand circle, through
whose Indefatigable efforts the dispensa
tion was obtained: Noble Grand Arch
Lange, Deputy Grand Arch Godeau,
Grand Arch Druidess Thornhill and many
others, all wishing the new grand body a
life of usefulness and prosperity in. the
line of fraternal benevolence.
READY TO TAKE
MISSION ROCK
But a Bombardment and
Assault by Marines Is
Averted.
There was an air of feverish -unrest at
Mare Island yesterday morning when
Naval Lieutenant, A. F. Fechteler took
the steamer for San Francisco. Although
the_outslde world was ignorant of the
fact, Lieutenant Fechteler and his admir
ing messmates had news of grave im
port from the Secretary of the Navy and
Lieutenant Fechteler had been made
happy by having the honor of executing
the order of the Secretary. ,
The young lieutenant was bound on the
important mission of capturing Mission
Rock, in the bay of San. Francisco, and
hoisting thereon the stars and stripes.
Such was the gist of the order received by
the naval authorities yesterday morning
from Washington. Had It not been for
a little proviso in the telegraphed order
the brave lieutenant might have taken a
gunboat and a battalion of marines and
stormed the California Drydock Ware
houses -without any preliminary skirmish
ing. That proviso was the direction to
consult with United States Attorney
Frank L. Coombs before resorting to
bombardment or other violent measures.
United States District Judge Beatty of
Idaho a few days ago handed down a de
cision to the effect that the California
Drydock Company had no valid title to
Mission Hock and that the rock and the
tide lands surrounding It were the-prop
erty of the United States.
When Lieutenant Fechteler called upon
Mr. Coombs he was Informed that, al
though the opinion of Judge • Beatty had
been received, the judgment had not then
been recorded and the drydock company
would be allowed the statutory time in
which to file an appeal. Pending the de
termination of the appeal, said Mr.
Coombs, the property would remain In
the hands of the present owners.
There was great disappointment at
Mare Island, when the lieutenant tele
graphed from this city that the services
of the gunboat wpuld not be required and
that the marines -would not be given a
chance to distinguish themselves.
The drydock company does not Intend to
relinquish this valuable piece of prop
erty without a hard legal struggle. The
rock, or rocks, for there are two of them,
were acquired by parties who purchased
the tide lands surrounding them from
the State of California, and the drydock
people bought them and expended $300,
000 In filling in around the rocks and
building warehouses upon nearly fourteen
acres of made ground. They are pre
paring: papers on appeal to the United
States Circuit Court and will g-o thence,
If necessary, to the United States Su
preme Court. ,
Local and- Eastern Calendars.
Calendars are to bo seen in greater va
riety than, ever this year. Cooper & Co.,
746 Market street, are displaying 1 the lines
of all the leading publishers, embracing
all those pertaining to California, . . • ,
Bernal Heights Flag Recovered.
The flag and clocks that were recently
stolen from" the Bernal Heights publlo
school were found by Frank Wlnkler,
John McCall and Eddie Hooper last even
ing under a vacant building at the corner
of CreBcent and Andover avenues. The
Bernal Heights people were overjoyed, for
the flag . waa bought , with money suB
scribed by the children.
Dr. Lillian d'Ancona has resumed the
practice of medicine at 305 Larkln street.*
The Bank of England has usually about
£25,000,000 to £30,000,000 of its notes in cir
culation. SiSBiiSBggiiNH'Vv
MRS. THOMAS THORNHILL,
GRAfcD ARCH DRUIDESS FOR
GRAND CIRCLE.
J. J. Griffith, who lives at 31S6 Sixteenth
I street, believes that he has been swindled
I out of a considerable sum of money. He
| paid It to a man who said that his name
! was Walter Selby and who claimed to be
; connected with the local smelter people
¦ of that name. The money was paid on
! the representations of the man who re
: ceived It that he would deUver to Mr.
| Griffith a half interest in a 'deiwslt of
gravel in the Samoan Islands rich in gold.
; According to the story told to Mr. Griffith,
; the schooner Helen S. Klmball, was to.
1 brlr.g up a cargo of the gravel next
! month. Several facts of later develop
: ment have jarred Mr. Griffith's confidence.
; The Selbys have disclaimed any connec
i tion with the person who has claimed to
: be Walter Selby. The schooner Helen S.
Kimball is under charter to J. Wightman
Jr. and will bring up only copra and co
coanut^. Moreover, since Mr. Griffith
: purchased his alleged gold gravel he has
not been able to find the man who sold it
j to him. Last evening' he said, "There is
. no doubt that 1 have oeen hocus pocused."
The story about shiploads of gravel to
'¦ be brought to this port from islands in
the Pacinc was first tieard some time ago.
' Then a shipload was to come from Hono
lulu, and currency was given to a. state
ment thai the tSelbys had assayed some
of it and had reported that it was worth
; J1(X» per ton anil that Walter Selby had an
' interest in the gravel claims. No ship
j ever arrived with any such cargo, aev
' eral persons went to the Selbys to inquire
; into the matter.
, An agent was sent to Portland. Or., to
hnd Walter Selby. His letter heads gave
i an address tor his Portland assay oiflce.
! When tills was run down the place was
found to be a lodging house. A man was
there who was ill. He told the agent that
: he had a laboratory at a certain place in
; Portland. This proved to be faise. He
; also told the agent he was connected with
the San Francisco Selbys. The address
; he gave for their San Francisco offices
: correspond to the Nevada block. These
, facts being- communicated to inquirers
I they unanimously denied that they had
! invested any money with Walter Selby,
! but each one claimed to have a half inter
! est in &. gravel deposit in the Hawaiian
t Islands that they rad secured from this
: man.
Each of these parties had a copy of a
I letter sent out by the Selby Smelting and
| Laad Company to a man In SisKlyou
County, reporting- an assay of gravel that
' he had sent from Northern California.
j The interest in the case was increased by
j the fact that the purchasers of supposed
; gold gravel deposits in the Hawaiian Isl
j ands had been told by Walter Selby that
this report applied to Hawaii.
The next story was that a gold gravel
deposit had been discovered by Walter
Selby in Samoa. This is the story that
lured Griffith. He at first denied that he
had Invested any money, but acknowl
edged it when it was pointed out that he
could not have believed that any stranger
would give him half a cargo of gold-bear
ing gravel. Undoubtedly the other pur
chasers who have kept their names secret
also paid and a large sum in the aggre
: gate has been invested in this way. Sev
eral persons are anxious to find Walter
Selby, biK cannot. He has no address in
I the San Krancisco directory.
Are Promised Island Wealth
but Cargoes Pail to
Materialize.
Strange Story In Which Several Par
ties Are Concerned Who
Thought They Sad* •
Easy Money.
GOLDEN GRAVELS
THAT INVESTORS
DO HOT RECEIVE
THK following: representatives from
,the circles of the United Ancient
Order of Druids met in Druids'
Hall last Wednesday night to or
ganize a grand circle for Califor
nia, the first in the United^ States:
tkadlcea Circle No. 3, Ban Francisco— Prances
J. Williams. Carrie Howell, John Hutton.
Potaluma Circle No. 6, Petaluma — Qeorglana
Breckwoldt, Tlene Zahn, Louis Engelke and
M. H. JYederlck.
O!lve Circle No. 8. St. Helena— EmlUe
Doeweritz, Lena Laszarl. Henry Lange and
Charles Martlnelll.
Mistletoe Circle No. 9, Merced— Anna Bor
enscn, Odella Schmidt, Maggie Cadrett.
Golden Gate Circle No. 11, San Francisco—
Virginia Cervalli, Frank Marlnl, Dr. J. W.
Onagh. J. M. Wolff. U.. A. Wolff.
El Dorado Circle No. II, San Francisco— Mrs.
1.. Gosch. Mrs. Thcmas Thornhlll, Mrs. M.
Godeau, Miss B. Fabbri, Mies J. Marino. J. F.
Martlnoni. J. 8. Godeau, J. Gosch.
Jamas F. Martlnoni. supreme herald and
P. N. G. A., called the meeting to order,
and after an address in which he ex
plained the purpose of the organization
the preliminaries were carried out. Then
Noble orand Arch Henry Lange, assisted
j by Deputy Grand Arch J. S. Godeau, John
M. Graves, grand secretary/John Hutto'n
as grand treasurer, James F. Martinoni,
supreme herald, and M. H. Fredericks.
iSrand guardian. Instituted the grand cir
cle in accordance with the dispensation
granted by the Supreme G^ove.
The following named were installed as
the first officers:
Mrs. Thomas Thornhlll, grand arch druidess;
Mre. Anna Sorenson, grand first bard; Mrs.
Frances J. William*, grand second bard: Miss
B. Fabbri, grand secretary: Mrs. Kmille
Daewerltz, grand treasurer; Mrs. Virginia
Cervalli, grand conductress; Tlene Zahn, grand
inside guardian; Mrs. L. Gosh, grand outside
guardian: Mrs. M. Godeau, Odella Schmidt and
Carrie Howell. crand trustees.
James Hutton. James F. Martinoni, L.
A. Wolff, Lena Lazzari, Mrs. ' O. . Schmidt
and M. H. Fredericks were appointed a
committee on constitution and laws, and
until such are adopted the grand circle
•will be governed by those of the Grand
Gro\'e of Druids. \
Each circle was declared a district and
the grand arch Druidess was given thirty
days In which to appoint a deputy for
each district.
GRAND CIRCLE OF DRUIDS
ORGANIZED IN THIS CITY
First One Instituted by Order of Supreme
Grove — Officers Chosen and Installed.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 20, 1900.
Cushions, table covers, sheepskins and
photo albums; also woodboxes, i. paper
knives, trays and . breadboards. "All nice
poods at moderate prices. Sanborn. Vail"
Sc. Co., 741 Market street. • 'ry! ; ': ' 7 . ' - • '
Burnt Leather Goods.
Joy reigns in the hearts of the hun
dreds of the little tots who attend the kin
dergartens of the Golden Gate Associa
tion, for yesterday morning Santa Claus
commenced to visit the schools, and will
continue to do so until to-morrow.
The motto of the association Is "The
hope of the world lies in the children," and
after visiting- the kindergartens, yester
day, one could not but be Impressed with
the noble work carried on by the ladles In
charge of the organization.
For many days the children, who rantre
from two years to five, have been on the
keen edge of expectation, for their teach
ers had told them that dear old Santa
Claus would pay each one a visit, and his
arrival yesterday was greeted with shrill
shouts and peais of merriment.
The exercises were arranged by the
principals of the schools, and the gifts
were donated by the .ladies forming the
board of managers, visitors and ofneers.
- In each of the kindergartens a big
Christmas tree was erected early in the
day, and the teachers, aided by the visi
tors, dressed the branches with the pres
ents for the little ones. There were toys
of all kinds hanging from the branches
of the trees and boxes of candy were piled
In tempting array at the foot of each
tree.
The exercises were similar in each kin
dergarten. The children, with their moth
ers, assembled at the appointed hour,, and
the little ones, after singing a number
of songs, gathered around the trees and
received the gifts from the teachers.
In order that the officers and visitors of
the association might be present at each
distribution of the gifts, the exercises
have been arranged to cover three dayB.
Yesterday morning at 10 o'clock the chil
dren of the Stanford Memorial kinder
garten 900 Brannan street, were made
nappy. At 11 a. m. the scene of gladness
took place at the Pope, Emily P. Walker,
Real Estate and Attorneys kindergartens,
which are housed at 221 Ninth street: at 2
p. m. the distributions .'took place at the
Two Friends Kindergarten, 1018 Folsom
6treet, and at the Lester Morris Memorial
kindergarten, 1231 Pacific street
Miss Celia Daly and Miss Ada E. Moore,
the principals of the Stanford kindergar
tens 3 and 4, presided at . the festivities
held In their schools. Mrs. Summer | H.
Johnson and Miss Maud Lissak were in
charge of the Christmas trees at 221
Ninth street: at the Two 1%-iends kinder
garten, 1018 Folsom street. Miss Jean Har
wood presided, and at the Lester Morris
branch Miss G. I. Lacy was In charge.
At each kindergarten the festivities
were witnessed by many of the ladles who
control the association, among those who
were present being Mrs, A. J. Pope, Mrs.
Cyrus Walker, Mrs. Louis Sloss, Miss
Helen Stubbs, Miss Virginia Fitch, Miss
Mary Browne, Mrs. E. B. Cutler, Mrs.
C. R. Story. Mrs. F. B. Norris. Mrs. F. A. I
Frank, Miss Ella Bender, Mrs. R. A. Tut
tle, Mrs. L. Greenwald, Mrs. J. D. Gage,
Miss Jessie Dorr. Miss Anna Field, Mrs.
A, P. Whittell, Miss Olive Holbrook, Miss
Theresa Morgan and others.
The ladles who attended the festivities,
as well as those who were unable to be
present, eent handsome donations, Mrs.
Leland Stanford and Mrs. Phebe A.
Hearst figuring: among those who helped
the cause.
This morning at 10 o'clock Stanford
Memorial kindergartens 1 and 2 will hold
their distributions, presided over by Miss
Mary Lindbergr and Miss Sarah L. Hunt;
at 11 o'clock the Hearst kindergartens,
five in number, will celebrate at 612 Union
street, the ladies In charge being Miss
Eva A. Taylor. Miss Cora B. Griffin, Miss
Ebba Johnson and Miss Alice Chase; at
2 p. m. to-day the Produce Exchange
Kindergarten at 4049 Eighteenth street
will celebrate. Miss Orley Wakelee being
in charge. To-morrow morning the final
distribution at the kindergartens will take
place as follows: At 10 a. m.— Stanford
Memorial Kindergarten No. 5, 3303- Mis
sion/ Btreet, Miss Mary E. Gamble; in
charge: 11 a. nx—J. Sheldon Lux Potter, T.
Fuller Shattuck Jr. and Merchants' kinder
grartens. 106 West Mission street. Miss
Xena Roberts in charge, and at noon the
Osgood, Grace Bradley Memorial and
Wilmerding kindergartens at 2080 Six
teenth street will welcome Santa Claus,
Miss Helen T. Bacon being In charge. -
The work of . the Golden Gate Kinder
gartenVAssociation is supported solely
by voluntary contributions and has been
carried • on for twenty-one years. No
assistance, is asked from the municipal
government and it is a work of charity
with.the ladles who are in control. Hun
dreds of little ones are brought under the
Influence of the kindergartens each year
and prepared for the public schools. But
for the existence of the . kindergartens
the children would be neglected, as in
most cases their, parents are too Ignorant
or Indolent to give their offspring the
slightest mental training. The mothers
of the children are also induced to attend
the kindergartens, where they are taught
many useful accomplishments by the
teachers. -
Next Monday at 2 p. m. the ladies of the
San Francisco Nursery • for Homeless
Children will entertain the little ones un
der their care with a Christmas tree. . A
bountiful supply of toys and candy will be
distributed and the ladies of the nursery
extend an invitation to their friends to be
present. The nursery is located at 1534
Mission street. ,
Christmas Gifts Distributed
at the Kindergartens
of the City.
KRIS KRINGLE
MAKES TOTS GLAD
Collector Stratton has had Dr. Kinyoun
on the carpet and received -hl3 explana
tions as to the necessity for these and
other disagreeable and seemingly unnec
essary restrictions upon commerce, and
the Collector mailed his report to Wash
ington yesterday. What his recom
mendation in the matter is, Mr. Stratton
declines to say, but there Is a well au
thenticated report around the Custom
house that the California delegation will
ask the authorities to transfer Dr. Kin
youn to some port as far away from San
Francisco as possible.
J. E. Bennett of counsel for the Chinese
Six Companies is preparing papers . for a
suit against the Quarantine Officer on be
half of Chines© consignees of the goods
held upon the Coptic by the doctor's
orders.
The latest complaint la regarding: an
order made by Kinyoun in the matter of
the steamship Coptic on her arrival from
Chinese ports on the 14th of the present
month. The order recites that the ves
sel is . entitled to free pratique ''with ex
ceptions that all dried fish and oysters
and dried meats and vegetables from
Hongkong are not to be taken off the ves
sel unless on special certificates, and all
Chinese and Japanese food stuffs, such as
yams, water chestnuts, lily bulbs, sugar
cane, green ginger, bamboo shoots and
taro, to be allowed to be landed only upon
such certificates."
Complaints have been mad© to Customs
Collector Stratton concerning the un
popular manner In which Federal Quar
antine Officer Kinyoun Is discharging th«
duties of his office. These complaints
are from merchants and shippers gener
ally and are to the effect that Kinyoun
has" injured the commerce of this port
materially by sending to Washington re
ports of bubonic plague at this port, when
In- fact there never has been any plague
of any kind in this city during the in
cumbency of Kinyoun.
7
vaudevilxj: as it shotju> be!
st£ean a2ti> wabben, trtjxy
aiTA'i'i'HtiK:, ivnvrR- DOSIA,
T-ttt.-p. CHBISTINA'S DOO, CAT
AND MONKEY CIBCTJS, HAL
DAVIS AND INEZ MACATJIiEY,
THE HABMONY FOTJB, SPEN-
SEB KELLY, PANTZEB TBOTJPE,
GREAT AMEBICAN BIOQBAPH.
Reserved Seats, 23c; Balcony. 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box S«ats, 60c
Matinees "Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
COMETO >TEXT "WEEK.
The Greatest of All Vaudeville Combinations.
THE ORPHEUM ROAD SHOW!
DIRECTION aCARTTtt BBCg.
"IT HAS CAUGHT ON."
THE BIO HOLIDAY EXTRA VAQANZA.
By FERRIS HARTMAN.
WITH ITS LOADS OF HUMOR. PUN AND
SPECTACLE.
HEAR THE PATRIOTIC FINALE AND
"SUNFLOWER SUE."
See Oscar I* Fesfs Fine TRANSFORMATION.
THE FLOWERY KINGDOM.
Svery Evening at S— Matlnae Saturday, at 2.
POPULAR PRICES 25 and 50 cents.
Telephone— Bush >. •.
OL YMF 9 1 A e?£U&&<.
THE ONLT FREE VAUDEVILLE SHCW!
IN THE CTTT.
LAST "WEEK OT.
Hunt's Dog Circus*
GREAT HIT ' OT
MABEUjUDSON,
DULGIE SISTERS,
DUETTISTS.
AND OUR CELEBRATED STOCK OO1TPXST.
MATINEE EVERT SUNDAT.
AMATEUR NIGHT FRIDAT.
ADMISSION FREE.
r»TCniipD»C CONCERT HOUSE.
COGILL AND COOPER'S COMEDIANS EJ
•THE ¦WTDO'W O'BRIEN r*
. A HOST OF SPECIALTIES
AND MUSICAL ACTS I
Reserred Seats. 25c 'Matinees Sunday.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
ATTORNEY.
F. H. MERZBACH. lawyer.
Ml California st.. Clante bglldlng.
COAL, COKE AND PIO IRON.
JT W1I & Ch 9m battery Street.
• ly nJLju;i U WV*« Telephone Mala ISM.
' COPPERSMITH. .
C W CMTTH Snip Ptambtnv. Steamboat ami
V- IT* JJJUlflf ship Work a specialty. U and
It Washington st Telepoon* Main (Ml.
liU tCTRlCAL.
¦D. D. WASS.
Eeetrloal Enirlneer. «S East st.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
tie PnYPC *¦ C(\ Shlpptns Batchers. 1M
JAS» DUlE3&tU- cuyf Tel. Main 1»4.
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD A ELLI3.
«S Front st.. a.F. Phone Main 1711.
PAINT^.
Cylinder & Lunrlcatlnc Oils. Scanelder*s Minis*
Candles. C O. CUNCH & CO.. 3 Front. S. F.
PRINTING.
E. £ BUGSES, m SaSgSe^ 8. T.
PRINTERS. BOOK BINDERS.
THE HICKS-JUDD CO..
g First st.. San Fraadscow
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
?"gsy PARTBIDGE "S^r 1 *
WfliTB i5H STEiM COAUt^^ac^
DIAMOND COAL MINING Ctt. at lta GREEN
RIVER COLLIERIES. Is the Best Coal la t&*
market. Office. and Yards— ISO Mala street.
Weekly Call.Sl.OO per Year
AUVEIITISZMXKT3.
TtLEPHONE GRANT 33.
222-224 SUTTER ST.
OPEN EVENINGS.
Xxsiwi tree ornaments. Favors. Doa Bons
Onr 30c Candy Sa f e contloaes till Xmas
CIGiRS 77**?* XmMM « lfta *• oCer *
J. w. llmlte <l Quantity cf Cle«r H»-
«ne of all le&ilag imported Havana, and
Key West Clcare.
T*« exchang* any box If not suitable.
«vea If part of rtgan ha\-» been used.
SPECIAL "REDUCTIONS
THURSDAY— FRrDAY—SATUHDAY
AND MONDAY— 24th.
CANDY, onr finest only 30c IS)
Mixed or Chocolats«. Regular price
wiia us S5t^— no better quality sold else-
where for EOc.
OLIVE OIL &:!S£**»"« 75c bet
Thousands wiU testify as to Its absolute
Purity.
BRANDY, Cal. 3 bots 52.00
Sf:^*^ $3.00 gal
An old pure Grape Brandr. excellent
for mince meat and for table.
MINCE MEAT reg. qt 50c, 40C
reg:. pt 30c, 25c
Finest honj*-ma<le, of the purest lngre-
CROWnTfoRT and SHIF.RY.
2cc bot, 5 for $1.00
Greatest value of eweet wines sold anY-
¦wbere. All wines have advrjiced 4H-C
iraHon. s.r.<J this will doubtless be the
last eale at ?uch a low price.
OLD GLORY WHISKY, bot SI.OC
S -year-old _, i c A M\
Bourbon. gil •,'ftUU
To please many of our friends we have
had another lot 01 those beautiful deoo-
rated gla^s** made East, ar.d will give
with each bottle two and with each (fal-
len five of them— GRATIS.
GENUINE FRENCH CLfeBET,
Pomet Cacet. known a* one of the best
brands, doz. c.ts.. JT.'-O.
Et. Jullen. an old favorite, dor. <jts.,
S6.60.
Bt. Dstepfce, excelleat value, floz. Qts.,
S6.60.
Irr.ported In casks from the well-known
firm of J. Mlchaelsen & Cle. Bordeaux.
• Bottled and labeled by us with original
label and c&f.
SCOTCH, re*. $1.50. SI. 15 bOt
Finest old Gfenllvet; Slater, Rodger A
KIKGWlLUAy IV WHISKY, Scotch.
S2.50 bot
Just received. V. O. P. — Hlg-hert grade
of Scotch made. Awarded gold medaL
'"HEW" CRYSTALLIZED COFFEE, TEA
2nd CHOCOLATE. bot $1.03
A. delicious after-dinner cordial.
MACARONI, imported pkg l?xc
Reg. 15c. Vermicelli. Spaghetti or Let-
ters and Xumbers.
JUST IH —
Butt«r eafl Hickory Xuta.
Black and Grenoble Walnuts.
Ircported Malaga Raisins.
Munchner Klndl Deer.
Butter and Eggs are on the decline.
?¦_„"" ._ . J
? ¥$. Natural Mineral Water ?
? /'"V* known fi>r centuries and f
o ONLY IN BOTTLES. \
? §mSem " d bdi s efticia i
5 £j" i Its Tnlue has been testl- 9
£ t^^sS fled to ty tkoassnOs. ?
? ¥1C8T So-c«ned Vichy in Sy. 9
? --?S£H» phon • ~ ' o
? &&&ga£ IS NOT VICHY. ?
? ' §C?~jJjll Get tbo Genuine, j i
?$^\5%£&} Trcr phytician 6
M|^4ffu[ w^' reoozsinend It. ?
A. TISSUE, Diitrlknttsg imt «
!
Or ¦we will pay any one $25 who cannot be
with one box of Verus Pile Cure. Price
C00. Over 10.000 cured. No failure.
"I had Protruding Piles many years.
• Tried everj' remedy I heard of and had
them cut out twice. I despaired of a
cure until I tried Verus Pile Cure. I
v.-aa never so surprised in my life to find
myself cured before using half a box. It
Is lndoed wonderful.
"E. P. WEIDN-ER.
"1178 Fifth St.. Des Moines. Iowa."
VERUS PILE-CURE CO., Be 226, Wilsoillloct
Or the old and reliable Ellington Drug
Company, Agents. Fourth and Spring
streets, Los Angeles. Cai.
RUPTURE
¦JSJ*^"*^ J, Jr~£* >'S*^* cannot b« cured by
«5§»V fcv '/r /J%te4 talves, lotions, com-
pfJg3B»t£yw'*lij5Br non t r u 1 1 e i, cr
ti~^*k£)f£jl'3[$!£r "Quark" operations.
S-^^eiS^O*"DR. PIERCE'S MAGNETIC
ft /^Bl^V ELECTRIC TRUSS" Is dlN
n f S\ fe»-cnt • It does th« wor^l
Tk~\J5f * CT*'BOOKLiET NO. 1" jItm
full information. Call or write
for it. •
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.
O2O Market st. (opp. Palace Hotel). S. F".
TONG PO CHV.
Successor to Dr. LAJ PO TAX
jCsW— 53*>«. graduate cf Canton M^lical
f- *LE3Wk^ College, after a very succens-
ffills»S§B 1^ ful practice cf many years In
fr^ China, has located In Ban
fc*-**v 'Sf r Francisco. The surprising- and
Kg S? €J narv-elous cures effected by
Var\. y bis herbs demonstrate their
SSKyk potence and hi* skill. These
J***f/T*>±_ herbs cure over 4C0 (JI.Terent
I^TCrV-^O7>5» ciseaees, including Bright'*
*iJF<QSt%£r-&%hF iJisf-a—, Dlat.etep, Consurnp-
SJGnrwJnr^ tion. Asthma. ParsJysls. Brain.
j^ervs Canoers. Tumors. Blood. Male and Fe-
rsale Malatfles. All persona alflicted with any
kind of malady whatsoever are Invited to call
orflce 727 Washington st. Office hour*—* a.
ra. to'l2 m.. 1 to 8 p. m. : Sundays. 10 a. m. to
12 a. Ajcoept rrateful thanks for effecting a
curs of affTtin™ of eev«ral years* standing.
"""»» A. PARLEY. San RafaeL
IiJK. SILL'S REIliYIGORATOBgmg
Five hundred reward for any gja^"»£Jl
caee we cannot cure. TtU secret P"" ¦**|
r»-medy stops all losses In 24 hours, g I
cures Eanlssions. lmpotency. Vari- f^3 ffg
rucele. Gonorrhoea, Gleet. Sits, nTS-I jTu
Etrlctares. l<ost il-nfcood and all if-y^j £4*
waEting effects of self-abuse or iKS Kg
czcetses. 6ent 6ealed. U boUle: t llfirTl i I
bottles. J5; guaranteed to cure any case. Ad-
«!r« 8 HAIR'S MEDICAL INSflTUTR ta
JJrcaawav. OsJclaod. CaL Also for sal* at 107**
Market et:. 6. F. AU prlvete diseases QUlcldr
ccred. Send for fre« book.
»? r T r >w*^. m "Bin Obt non-poUonotn
1^^^jtSm^i^SJ* r-a»<3' for Gonorrhoea, |
*jZjUv'criTr?%2a Glwt. Spermatorrhoea,
J&S&i* 1 1« b^««^S White*, n n n » t u i^sl dij-
XSSf Qc«rtxnwi H charp . or sur lnflwama-
Bti. sent In plain "T»PI*>i
v IIml* ' Zis^W *>7 express, prepaid, for
v^5ttfyil Ws— ih^IPKbtI tf .00. or S bottles. (2.73.
*¦ £- »lar seat on request.
What is wanted of soap-
for the skin is to wash it
clean a,nd not hurt it.
Pure soap does that. This
is why we want pure soap;'
and when we say pure,
we mean without alkali.
Pears is pure; no free
alkali. There are a thou-
sand virtues of soaprthis:
one is enough., You can
trust a soap that has no
biting alkali in it.
All 6orts of stores sell it, especially i
druggists; all sorts of people use it. <
Special Sale of
1 U 1\ w
Our large stock of FINE
FUR and SEALSKIN GAR-
MENTS, MUFFS. NECK
¦ BOAS, ¦ SCARFS.: FUR '
HATS, Etc.,^ *
Must Be Reduced Within the Next 10 Days!
Best quality proods and ar-
tistic workmanship guaranteed.
' Extensive connections with all
the leading fashion centers of "
the world.
../VO KOGqUR^
Fashionable Manufacturlngr Furrier,
Importer of Skins,
121 POST STREET
(DON'T/ MISTAKE THE . NUMBER). ;
ROOMS 7-U. / - ,• '.'¦: OPEN EVENINGS.
AMTJSEMJiLNTS.
AMI IIHflDHH SAS FEASGISCITS
l#ULUItl_D_iA LEADING THEATRE
EVERY NI6HT THIS WEEK. Including Sunday
MATINEB SATURDAT.
FREDERICK WARDE
WITH—
MR. AND MRS. E. R. SPENCER
And the Ffcraoas Clarence M. Brune Company.
In Espy "Williams' Romantic Comedy
THE DUKE^S JESTER
Berfnntagf NEXT MONDAY.
7 Nights and Xmas and Saturday Matinees,
PRIMROSE & DOOKSTADER
MINSTRELS.
LAST THREE NIGHTS.
• LAST MATINEB SATURDAY.
BEN HENDRICKS
IN THE PLAY THAT MADE HIM FAMOUS.
OLE OLSON
Commenctns' NEXT SUNDAY AFTERNOON.
The Brilliant, Interesting and Extremely Amus-
lne 3-Act Comedy.
AT THE WHITE HORSE TAVERN
Exactly as Presented for Three Months at
Wallack'a Theater. New York CTty, N. Y.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
CROWDED ALL THK TIMEl
MATINEES SATURDAT. BTJNDAY AKX>
V ' CHRISTMAS DAY.
Continued Success of the
— — OLTVER-LESUE COMPANT '-^*
.LAST FOUR NIGHTS.
ATALE of TWO CITIES
' THE BIOOBHT HTT OF THE TEAR.
MONDAY— "AN OFFICER OF THE SEC-
OND."
Evening Prices— 10c, 15c. 25c and 50c,
A few front rows In orchestra, 75c.
Matinee Prices— lOc. 15c. 25o and BOo.
no higher. ..-.',
Branch Ticket Of flee— Emporium.
IxAST WEEK.
LAST MATINEES SATURDAY and STJNT>AT.
MADAME BUTTERFLY
Preceded by the Funniest of All Farces.
"A SERIOUS TANGLE."
SEATS-Uc, ISo, 85c, BOo.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Next W«ck. David Belasoo's Latest Farcical
Success.
"NAUGHTY ANTHONY."
: EXTRA MATINEE XMAS DAY.
OPENS -«n SAT. EV'G.
Magnificent Production— DAVID BELASCO'S
- ' Famous Military Romance,
the HEART OF MARYLAND
Every Evening;. Matinee Saturday and Sundays.
" SPECIAL XMAS MATINEE TUESDAY.
DL'TfEC Bt*kb— -lOe. 15c, 25c, 35c. 5Oc
it IVEj Matinees— lOc and 25c. No higher.
SEATS ON SALE TO-DAY at Sherman &
Clay's mnsle store. . ¦ . . - .
CHUTES and ZOO
1 -- : J3§£SaB8
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING
TO-NIGHT I TO-NIGHT I
..•.THE AMATEURS....
IN-
SPECIALTIES
AND A
LADIES' ftOPE-CLIMBINB CONTEST
¦ Tslephono for Seats— Park 23. • "
— . — 1— .
Celluloid Novelties. Jewelry.
¦^Dressing - Cases. . Manicnre Watches, Qocks, Scarfpins,
Sets, Glove^and. Handkerchief Brooches,- Rings. Opera
Boxes Necktie and CoUar and Glasses. Hair- Ornaments,
Cuff Boxes, Smokers Sets Sterling Silver Novelties.
Photo, Stamp and Autograph _^ .__
Albums. — — —^—^— — —^-«
, ..- n . — " Brushes and Mirrors-
Leather. Goods, %? b Ony ?rasKe8 with finc
Purses, Card Cases, Bags. bristles with sterling silver
Suit Cases, Music and Travel- mountings; Oval, Square,
ing Rolls, Bill Books, Chate- Round and Triplicate Mirrors,
lame Bags. '
Cutlery and Plated Ware. Crockery and Lamps,
Carving. Sets," Tableware, Dinner and Tea Sets. Cups
Pocket Knives, Cake Baskets, and Saucers, Fancy Plates.
Trays, Table Bells, 3, 4 and 5 Vases, Hanging, Banquet and
piece Tea Sets. Vase Lamps.
Stationery. Athletic Goods. .
Fancy Paper and Envelopes, "r --
Fountain Pens, Inkstands, Bats and Balls, Boxing
Smokers' Sets, Calendar, Gloves, Footballs. Football
California Views, Christmas and Baseball Suits. Trunks
Cards. . an£ l Sweaters.
Men's Goods. Books and Toys.
; •*••*• ¦ ~ '.
op , / i
. * . . \cLj
818-820 market street,
San Pranclscoi Col.*
ADVERTISEMENTS.
# i ";-^-"'- i "- l " u - > " l - n - ri -'"" l - l " l -"| ' 'r''""" 1 '"" 1 "'" 1 '"
Hfe ¦ -ft 11 T'^Vk
9S The always present problem ft
raj • Is, ""What shall I give?" Tired VH
@ brains have worried over It, ¦
In days of ceaseless shopping ¦
1 M& have bailed to answer It and gj
the Joy of plvlngr is half mar- i 9
H red. by the tiresome labor ot B
BJ buying and the* uncertainty of ¦
H5 chooslngr something- approprl- H
Hi Tou can't do better than se- H
H lect gifts of art and you can't JG
B choose wrong if you choose at jjv?
fc thelckelhelmer store. m
B Iron Candle? ticks • 15c to $123 M
m Candelabra floOto $4 00 &
K Venetian Lanterns $1 50 to $15 M 9
ga Banquet Lamps J2 60 to $25 00 Ci
K5 Fire $ets S3 00 to $10 00 H)
Kb Mirrors and Sconces 90c to 111) CO H
11 Ash Trays 25c to $2 00 51
14 Oriental Lanterns $3 00 to $12 50 Si
H Cabinet Trinkets 10c to $5 00 £3
Bt Steins— 100 kinds 30c to $13 00 9g
El Bohemian Glass Vases. 40o to $4 00 fa
E Lamp Globes .: $1 75 to $15 00 g
£ Jardinieres ~ 75c to $S 00 m
I Statuary $1.50 to $10. I
I We make a specialty of ffl
I Red Lamp Globes. B
j^^P^k ONE PIIDrC
r^iSM^ bottle Lunbo
/ MCBURNEY'8
V#4' isW A thorough care for
RT| I C P»lns in the back,
\^J Jk. * BRICHT8 DISEASE,
24 f-\ » femal» troubles, incon-
tiuenceof urine, brick dnst deposits, bed*
wetting of children, gravel, gall stones,
dropsy, diabetes, and rheumatism.
. —FOR SALE AT — -
DAHJjBBNDER DRUG CO., m Kearny at,
AND AT
THE OWL DKUO CO.. lltt Market st
Send 25o In Se stamps to "W. F. MoBurney.
418 S. Sprlnit - St.. Los Anjteles, Oal., for S
flays* treatment. Prepaid $1 60. Druggists.
Broken;
Eyeglass
Lenses replaced for 50 cents.'
Any Astigmatic lenses duplicated for $1.00
and 91-RO. ¦
Guaranteed correct and best quality.
Oculists' prescriptions . Ailed. Factory- on
premises. Quick repairing. Phone, Main 10..
hDTiriAI>K/£. r?SipHlCA p WRATU5
UK IIUArO PhotOGP* 5ciENTtr , c '
642 MARKET 5T. Instruments
uhdcr chronicle bu:idix&. Catalogue Free.
Pq 1 Q na 1 Th«e hotels pos-
JTcllclUC sess the attributes r
j 'that tourists and
QTlQ travelers appreciate
*** AV * —central, location.
f* nn y% g\ liberal ; manaRe-
\JI dil It ment. , modern _ ap •
; ;'_¦_ ;.- - " ; ->; : pointtnents a n d ,'
H O I fi I S' perfect cuisine.
IIU LO1D American and Eu-
San ; Francisco ropean plans.
1 ' — : — ~ ; ~ — ~ ~ ' —
>> irr nnilsl Corner Fourth and
I ALL U I IV A I Market. B.F. Try
I II T P Hill ill our Special Brew
Will ¦¦ IIW 1 I lbs OvercoatsinA,
i ¦; " - -' - valises checked free.,.'
ADVERTISEMENTS.Fourth raqe— One mile and a sixteenth; three
year-olds and upward; handicap.
1503 La Bo-firia WOi .... GreyfeM 112
1294 Lou Rey... 95 1510 Opponent 10S
13*4 Meadowlark ...100 1475 Free Lance 103
1515 Greenock 107
Fifth rac»— One mile; three-year-olds and up
ward; selling*.
Hf'3 Lamaohus 10} 1398 None Such 104
15(12 Walkenshaw ...112 1378 Alas SO
1ST0 Choteau 100; 1503 La Borgia 90
1426 Perseus 69 1499 Don Luis 102
1353 Mary Klneella. W
Sixth race — Seven and a half furlongs: four
year-olds and upward; selling.
TACOMA, Dec 19.— The clearing-house
banks . to-day decided • that , after January
1 they will accept Canadian silver at i par.
It has heretofore been taken only at 6 per
Canadian Silver at Par.
Otto Cribb will be given to-night hl»
first chance to show his fighting mettle in
this country against" Frank McConnell,
the California welter-weight Local,tal
ent Is playing the local fighter at odds of
2 to 1 without any knowledge of Cribb's
ability or nstlc strength. Both men will
enter the Columbia Club ring at Wood
ward's Pavilion at about 145 rounds. Ac-'
cording to agreement the fighters must
weigh in at the Hammam Baths at 3
o'clock at 145 pounds. V
Preceding the main event of the even
ing will be two preliminaries. The one
between "Spider" Kelly and "Doc" Flynn
is creating considerable interest. " The
other, between Abo Attell and Jockey
Bozeman, will show young Attell In pro
fessional clothes for the first time.
Cribb, the Australian, and Frank Mc-
Connell to Appear in the Main
Event.
THBEE FIGHTS BEFORE
THE COLUMBIA CLUB
Results at New Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS, Dec 19.— Jockey Tal
ley, who waa injured by a fall at the
Newport track in 1898, and who has suf
fered periodically from the Injury, died
at 6 o'clock this evening in the Charity
Hospital. Results:
One mite, selling— Judge Magve won. Castlna
»«cond. Brown Vail third. Time. 1:47%
One mile, oelline— Gracious won. Valdes sec
ond. Menace third. Time. 1MSH
6teeplecbase. short course— I»*n . won. Hi*h
•Admiral second. Dan Cupid third. Time. 4:24.
one mil* and , an eighth— Monk
Jhft5L M Tl^«:gS d . ti »*«*«•.¦«*»«. Beaaa
One mile and a sixteenth, selling:— Chorus
y T?Ih S £J b 'ir •« con< l. Henry of Frantsa
mar third. Tlnm-l:5$.
One .mile. fl.V-Bfn Chanct won. Bun
lock* second, W. tblrt. Time. 1:*&
STANFOBD VS. MULTNOMABL
University's Second Eleven to Play at
Portland on Christinas.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, D«C 19.—
Stanford's' second eleven will meet the
ST. PETERSBURG,. Dec. W.—Tho
¦Novoe Vremya observes that there are
evidences of discontent In all the armies
Including the German, with Field Marshal
von Waldersee^a brutality. The paper
supports the demand that each army act
henceforth on Its own responsibility.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 19.— It it learned
that the entire misunderstanding which
has delayed the consummation of the
agreement at Peking was caused by the
change or omission of the single digit in
a complex ¦ group of figures making up
one of the cipher messages of instruction
to Mr. Conger. Curiously enough the
change in this single. digit reversed thj
meaning of the entire message ao that
Mr. Conger In opposing the English view
was acting exactly contrary to the spirit
of his Instructions, though in accordance
with their letter.
PEKING, Dec. 19.— At a meeting gf the
Foreign Ministers late this evening every
thing In regard to the terms of the Joint
note was agreed to, Including the British
modifications.' The Ministers refuse to
discuss anything in connection with the
matter, believing that the home Govern
ments should give the particulars to the
public.
Foreign Represtntatives at
Ptking Agree in De
mands on China,
MINISTERS SIGN
THE JOINT NOTE
In the first round Miss Bessie Bowman
played Miss Klsen, winning two straight
sets, $-0, 6—0. Miss Emma Hunter of tho
Alameda Club beat Miss Laura Denson
of the California Club. 6—0, 6—1.
In the second round Miss Bowman beat
Ml« Pearl Mecartney of the Alameda
Club, 6—2. 6—2. The next match was the
best of the day and was a knock-out
blow to the former players. Miss Rubv
Garland beat Miss Emma Hunter, 6 — i.
6—2. Miss Hunter did not play in form
and used poor judgment.
In the finals Miss Garland played Miss
Bowman and won, 6—1, 6—1. carrying oft
tirnt prize. Mies Garland played a strong
Bowman. Miss Garland played a strong
game with a good cut Service. She vol
leyed well and can lob well when neces
sary."
The tournament was such a success
that the committee has decided to hold
another next month. In which It hopes to
have Miss- Hall enter.
The courts of the California Club were
thronged with lady members yesterday
watching their sisters contest in the open
Eingle tournament for two rackets as first
and second prizes. Miss Ruby Garland
of Southern California made her debut
on the local courts and won the tourna
ment easily. Miss Hoffman, Miss Ha.i
(the coast champion) and Mrs. Kincaid,
three of the strongest players, did not
enter.
fornia Carries Off Tennis
I; Honors.
Miss Ruby Garland of Southern Cali-
The team will line up as follows:
Right end, Nourse: right tackle,
Wooley; right guard, Barnhlsel: center,
Gregory: left guard, Thompson; left
tackle, Hauverman; left end, Wardall;
quarterback. Pollard; left half, Parker;
right half. Xaramore; fullback, Boren.
Four cubs and Trainer Billy McLeod
will accompany the team.
TOURNAMENT GOES TO
A VTSTTINO PLAYEB
Multnomah Athletic Club team on the
gridiron in Portland on- Christmas day.
The men will go into training for the
match Immediately and will leave for the
ncrth next Saturday evening. The game
between the Oregonlan club men and the
cardinal eleven should be an interesting
one. A year ago Stanford's second eleven
was defeated by the same team, but on
a muddy field. This time the second
eleven should make a better showing.
Gregory at center will be a tower of
strength in the line, while the backs be
came famous for their fierce bucking
against the varsity In the last few days of
practice.
a437)MontalIade 102 1485 Synla 102
1418 Limelight 102 (140S) Donator 102
1201 Lady Med'some.lfH' 1490 Torelda 104
1491 Lothian 106 1496 St. Wood 105
1507 Flamero 102 1153 Sea Lton.., Ill
Probable "Winners.
First race— Mocorito, Oi-dnung, Norla.
Second race— Astor,.Wallenstein. Jennie Reid.
Third race — Artena, Thracla, Ada N.
Fourth race— Opponent, Greyfeld, Oreenock.
Fifth race— La Burgle, Walkenshaw, ; La
machus.
Sixth race — Sea Lion, Lady Meddlesome, Tor
elda.
MOBPHY THE VICTOR.
CHICAGO, Dec. 19.— The committee rep
resenting the engineers, firemen, conduc
tors and trainmen of the Santa Fe Rail
way system declared to-night that they
would not advise a strike In sympathy
with the telegraphers. The committee,
consisting of J. F. Roddy and Irving "Well
man, representing the engineers; Thomas
Burke, representing the firemen; H. C.
Scott, representing the trainmen, and W.
H. Hutton. for the conductors. Issued the
following statement:
"As members of the committee repre
senting the engineers, firemen and train
men on the Atchison, Topeka and Santa
Fe Railway we wish to say that at the re
quest of the telegraphers we have endeav
ored to bring about a satisfactory adjust
ment of the differences between the rail
road company and the telegraphers. After
a careful and thorough investigation of
the causes which led to the controversy,
and after listening to the statements of
the telegraphers, and also statements
from Mr. Barr, third vice president of the
road, we wish to say to the public as
well as to the members of the different or
ganizations we represent that, while we
regret that we are unable to bring about a
settlement between the telegraphers and
the railroad -company, we also wish to
Excellent Trap Shooting Scores Made
at Long Island.
NEW YORK, Dec. 19.— Some excellent
trap shooting was done to-day in the sixth
renewal of the Interstate Park handicap
on the grounds of the association at
Queens, L. I.
"Tom" Morphy was the victor in the
race, as he grassed twenty-four out of a
total of twenty-five birds sprung for him.
Aside from the victor those who took
part In the handicap were: Jack Fanning
of San Francisco, Steve Van Allen of Ja
maica, Li. C. Cornell and C. A. Lock-wood,
both of Brooklyn. The first two succeed
ed in killing all but two of their respective
allotments. ¦ ,
For Chilean Exhibit.
VALPARAISO, Chile, Dec. 19.— The
Chamber of Deputies has passed a bill ap
propriating $500,000 for the Chilean ex
hibit at the Pan-American Exposition in
Buffalo. . . . . •
"Our meetlnr with Mr. Barr was a
pleasant one. - he expressing a desire to
maintain friendly relations with labor or
ganizations as Ions as they vere con
ducted on business principles." |
advise the members of the organizations
represented by us that the labors of the
committee are completed and the attitude
of our members will be neutral During the
existence of the present controversy.
t
Don't forget our carload price* When
looking for trunks, dress-suit cases, .va
lises, traveling bags, coin purses and
pocketbooks. Lettering name in fold
without cost to purchaser. Sanborn. Vail
& Co.. 741 Market street. •
Fine Leather Goods.
AMERICAN JOCKEY WHO IS
IN DISFAVOR IN TURF CIR
CLES.
TRAINMEN OF THE SANTA FE SYSTEM WILL NOT
ADVISE STRIKE IN SYMPATHY WITH TELEGRAPHERS
Cs-r|»rfOD SLOAN, the premier Jockey of
I America and England, arrived in
I the city last evening and is regis
11 tered at the Palace.
Tod was accompanied from the
East by Phil Daly Jr. and Tom Burns, the
Jockey. A large quantity of baggage was
also brought along, conspicuous among
the pieces being a collection of sporting
guns, which Sloan will have use for dur
ing his stay on the coast.
As the famous Jockey eat in the grill
room taking dinner with his friends he
was the cynosure of all eyes, and it was
generally commented on that he looked
pale and haggard, although he was at
tired in the latest fashion.
When asked as to his reported suspen
sion by the English Jockey Club for In
fraction of the rules, consisting of bet
ting and receiving presents for riding,
Sloan paid:
"It is not true that I have been ruled off
the turf by the English Jockey Club and,
in fact, I have never received any notlfl
cation from that body ae to any adverse
action against me. A lot of stuff has been
published in the papers of this, country
which is absolutely false.
"As a matter of fact, I am at liberty to
ride on any track in this country or it
Europe, for the English Jockey Club ha«
not even withdrawn my license. All thai
Removes a Corn With a Pocket Knif 9
and Is Suffering From a .
Swollen Foot.
RICHMOND. Va.. Dec. 19.— If th« fore
bodings of Terry McGovern are realized
his heretofore successful career may re
ceive a check and his life may be placed
In grave danger. The "little cyclone" is
in fear of blood polaonlnK and though he
did his part in "The Bowery After Dark"
at the Academy here to-night he evidently
suffered considerably.
The root of th© wnole trouble is a corn.
It had been bothering the fighter consid
erably and he attempted an operation
upon it himself •with a pocket knife.-. As
a result be has a swollen and lnCarned
foot and la alarmed lest blood po!»onin«
should set in. He reached Richmond at
noon to-day and at ence sent for Dr. W.
T. Oppenhelmer a physician of some note.
Tn« doctor prescribed for him and warned
him to be careful. Ha intimated that
unlew hla directions were carefully fol
lowed something serious might result.
McGOVEEN IN DANGER
OF BLOOD POISONING
10 1O. FIR^T RACE— One mile; gelling; Uiree-ygar-olds and up; purse. >400.
Po. , Betting \
Index Horse, Age. Weight. Pst St. tf. H. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Hi. CL PL
,1J!L McNamars, S .... 9S 6 1 I 1H 2 8 1 % 11 DomlnlckT "T2 7^2 Tt Ti '
<14W) Hohenlohe, 5 10S SI 11 In 2 % 2 n Mounce 4 9 8.2
"'• Opponent. 5 1P2 II 5 4V»3n Sh Coburn 1 11-10 1 1-8
"J2 £ loht ». 3 102 34 4H3H420425 O'Connor... 5 6 4 1
j416_Magnu». 5 97 4 3 2h. 5 5 S Stuart 15 50 DO 10 .
T 1 ™*—^- : *8: H. :64H: %. 1:30; mile. 1:4«. Good start. Won ridden out. Second and third
driving:. Winner. W. P. Maer&ne's b. g. by The Bard-Athalarlc. Coburn on Opponent .
; naa a. wy successful sscennion. but failed to cut away his parachute and probably landed
with Andree. McXamara turned up an unexpected heir. Plohn is only a longshoreman.
Hohenlohe might have won.
1511. SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; selling; maidens; three-year-olds and up; purse. $350.
Index [Horse, Age, Weight. ]P8t St. ft. ¦ %. Str. Fin. Jockeys. ' Op. tll^cl PL
1K>8 King'. Pal. S....104J 7 ~2 Th T* TI 1 h Coburn ~ ~~10 25 20 8
1360 Sam Howard, »..ir« fl i 62 42 82 25 O'Connor ... 5-2 4 4 6-5
1360 Honduran. S 1M 81 22 24 21 »V4 Domlnlck .. 5-2 6-2 8-S 8-5
,';;; £ no<nl *f a . * .....W4 10 7 925 64 52 41 Mounce .... 10 15 15 6
"2 !?•« Voice. I....M7 5 « 8% 3H 4 4 5 8 Devln 11 30 25 8
Ji« f 111^ 3 104 4 8 41 62 63 62 J - "Walsh... 3 8 8 8
1450 Uw Z»r», I .104 6 8 7h 7472 74 Meany B0 160 150 40
1489 Onyx 4 -....109 38 8H82 82 82 Frawley ... 4 7 7 6 2
Jii! ? e 5 C w er T' J"- 1^ I 5 «H 930 920 8 30 J. T. Woods 15 20 20 8
1424 Lady Maud. >....104| 2 10 10 10 1Q 1Q Logue 80 100 100 40
Time—^i. :26; H. :5H %. 1:19. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner. Burns & Water
bouee'a b. g. by Kinrston-Palomita, King's Pal fooled his stable. Howard would have won
lit another jump. Honduran tired. Walsh can't ride Finch. Onyx no speed. Scratched—
Random 104, Llzzella 103.
1512. THIRD RACE— One and three-quarter miles; hurdles; three-year-olds and up; purse,
) Po.| ~ [, Betting ¦¦
Index | Horse. Ag-e, Weight. PstlSt. Std. lm. 1H. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. PL
1423 Lomo. 6 130 «1 3 5 11 220 1^ Cairns." 1 1 4^ ll
1410 'Can't Dance, 5. .150 2 5 2 1 2 2 18 2 60 T. Murphy.. 2 8 3 1
1422 Mentor, a 150 74 5 4 44 3S 3% Cooper 10 15 15 6
1294 Charles le Bel. a. 150 16 6 6« 54046 R. Burns... 12 20 20 6
143 Balista. 6 144 5 3 14 3 10 4 2 6 100 Lenhart .... 7 10 8 2
1425 May Boy. 5 ISO 3 2 4H 6 6 6 Barton 15 40 -40 10
1S53 First Shot. 3 139 4 7* Evans 12 20 15 6
Time— 3:29»i. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner, W. P. Fine's ell. g. by Red Iron- '
Lily W. Lomo a sure fencer. Murphy on Can't Dance tried to carry winner up the pad
dock lane. Nothing Bald. Bally ta grew, oh, to tired! May Boy awaits the flowers that
bloom in the spring. *Fell.
1513. FOURTH RACE— Mile and a half; Epsom Handicap; 3-year-olds and up; purse, $S25.
i l Po -l . 1 / Betting — .
Index Horse. Age, Weight. Pst'st. Std. %. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. PL
1477 Lx>cochee, 4 103rT|l 5H48 22 11H O'Connor... 4 9^ 9^2 8^5
ir.1 Topmast, a 10SI 64 41 3*ill 2 6 Devln 17 6 2
C4S4) Uvamr. 4 107 3 2 12 21 38 8 10 Mounce 5 10 8 2
(1477) Campus, 4 109 214 In In 44 46 Oomlnlck .. 8-5 8-5 S-2 1-2
O477) Koenig, 4 10S 4 6 6 6 15 5 100 6 100 J. Miller.... 3 9-2 4 6-5
ir.07 lEvirato. 5 SS 5 5 816 6 6 Fauntleroy 50 200 200 * 60
Time— H, :2«: H. :l2\i: %, 1:20*: mile, 1:47%: l%m, 2:14%: l^m. 2:4a>4- Good start. Won
first three drli-lng. -Winner. G. B. Marris* ch. • g. by Locohatchee-Ssarg. The signal fires
were burning and the great medicine man delegated Locochee to show his' powers before
the renowned braves, Old-Man-Afraid-of-Hlmtelf, Charley-Ortentryon and Big--Bottle. He
left his tepee with war paint on and returned with thirty scalps. Topmast revived jome
«2*at. Campus dlnad out. Koenig ran in frankfurter time. Scratched— Twinkle Twlnk SO.
1514. FIFTH RACE — Five and a half furlongs; selling; two-year-olds; purse. $350.
I iPo.i , Betting m^
Index Horse and Weight. Pst|St H. %. Etr. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. CL PL
1491 Cou*!a Carrie 99 '1 I Z 26 In lh ln« Domlnlck .. 1 2 7-5 8-5
1?25 Instante 101 66 In 23 23 23 Coburn .._. 10 30 15 6
1420 Illusion .1 99 8 7 4 '4 4 4 4 4 3 4 IRansch | « 6 4 7-5
114$ Lrimbof the Law.103 44 34 32 Ih 46 Vlcker}' .... 25 60 60 20
1407 Golden 99 12 S 'i 7 »4 5 M, K H Martin ..... S 10 10 4
.... Long Tom W 9» 9 Sh 71 «HJ. Waldo.... 3 2>) 20 8
1407 Haralamb 102 2 5 72 5n (h 72 O'Connor ._ 6 1 7 S-2
Graylette 102 10 1 5 h 6 % 8 88 Dangman .. 10 30 20 10
1474 Bstelada 99 « 8 10 9 9 9 1 J. Daly 3 6 6 2
1474 ILetlca 100 8 10 6 i 10 10 10 Phelan 30 60 60 20
Tlme-3-16. :«4; 6-16, :30H: 7-16, :43; 5Hf. 1:M%. Good start. Won first thre« driving.
Winner, W. B. Sink Jr.'s ch. t. by Imp. Midlothian. Cousin Carrie awful busy the last
ten seconds. Illusion dropped In the back way. Limb of the Law will branch out soon.
Long Tom almost left. Will be brought Into action directly. Rstelada slept the sleep that
knows no awakening. Scratched— Cambaceres 10$, Piratta 106.
in 15. SIXTH RACE— Seven furlongs; two-year-olds; purse. $400.
I Po. \, - Betting >
Index 'Horse and Weight. Pst St. %- %. Str. Kin. Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. PI.
1163 iTuthlll 112 68 62 4H2n In Kiley 5 ij> i(j 3
.... Scales 109 42 4tt62 81 2% Gray 5 10 10 4
Sam Fullen 112 6 5»n 14 In 81 Domlnlck .. 8-5 7-2 7-8 6-5
1<7» Greetux-k 117 14 2n 81 42 48 J. Miller.... 6 12 12 4
1503 Prejudice 114 31 IS 21 B 5 61 I>evtn 6 8 4 7-5
Montanic 109 7 7 61 64 68 6 10 O'Connor „. 6-5 8-5 8-5 3-5
.... JLough Derg 109 2 6 7 7 7 7 Mounce .... 12 40 40 12
Time—^, :K%: H. :51%: %. l:04H: 'A. V.ZV&. Fair start. Won first three driving. Winner.
J. MeCaffery's br. c. by FonlUam-Old Miss. Tuthill fortunate and well ridden. Scales not
well balanced owing to Gray's stupid riding. He was best. Sam Fullen a bit short. Oreen
cck coming around. Prejudice quit, j Montanlc not ready. Scratched— Hiram Johnson 109,
The Benedict 109, MacGyle 114.
The News correspondent wire* under
date of December JO that an epidemic of
typhoid and imeumonla Is prevalent in
Daweon and several new cases were re
ported. Both St. Mary's and the Good
Samaritan hospitals are filled with
patients. There have been twelve
deaths reported during the past week an4
many persons ar<* now at death's door.
Major Z. C. Wood, commanding the
Northwest Mounted Police, and Captain
Fcarth are afflicted with typhoid pneu
monia and are confined to their beds.
Their cases are not dangerous.
Plans have been laid before the Yukon
Council for a streetcar service which is
to run through the main streets of Daw
eon and out to the creeks. The establish
ment of this service will mean the ex
penditure of $1,000,000. The Council favor*
the appropriation. The. Alaska Commer
cial Company proposes to establish a boot
building plant and machine- shops at Daw
eon.
bawson advices received by the Skag
way News, dated December 10. report that
the market in Dawson has suffered a gen
eral slump, presumably the reaction from
the artificial values created while commu
rication with the outside was Impossible.
•«ow all commodities are cne&p. Kggs,
which a week ago retailed for }1M a
dozen, are plentiful at 75 cents a dozen.
Other staples have taken a correspond
ing drop. The holiday trade promises 10
be good. Coal from the slate creek, mined
near Eagle, is being sold in Dawson for
tSS a ton.
"No one witnessed the catastrophe,
which must have occurred after midday.
The capsized boat, their floating hat;,
etc., were discovered later and Mr». Tay
lor's body was found on the beach at
dark. Mrs. Taylor and Miss Baker were
connected with the H/dah Mission. Early
and Miss Baker were expected to be mar
ried in a few days. At the time, of th«
writing their bodies h*td not been discov
ered."
VICTORIA. Dec. 19.— N'ewB was brought
by the Amur of a tripie drowning In a
lak'_- near Copper Mountain, in the coast
mining section of the t'anhandle of Alas
ka. The victims, according to a corres
pponfient of the Juntau Dispatch, were
Peter Early, Mrs. James Taylor and Miss
Mimic Baker. The correspondent says:
Pr-er-lal Dispatch to The Call.
Man and Two Women Lose
Their Lives Near
Copper Mountain
THREE DROWIED
IN ALASKAN LAKE
AMONG the omuflng absurdities of
the radnff at Tanforan Park yes
terday was the astonishingly
clever capture of the Epsom
Handicap by Green Morris*
•brave" Locochee. It was hardly expected
after his rather unpronounced showing at
Oakland en December 12, and the massa
cre of whites who had backed Campus,
was eomethlnp fr'ghlfuL The distance
•was cne milo and a half, and Campus
ruled an S to 5 choice. Koenig. which ran
a dead heat with Campus, wa» for some
unknown leason peddled about In the ring,
ay an itinerant huckster would wild game
on Monday morning. Over the heavy
track Campus ?-nd Lavator had the race
to themsc ives for a mile, then both grace
fully retired. Topmast, which was blown
away on December 17 wnen piloted by
Johnny Woods, then took up the running.
His stay was phort, for Winnie O'Connor
came with a deal of noise and bustle on
Locochee. and the chestnut won like a
good "Injin." Topmast ran second. Lava
tor a fair third. Campus an awful fourth
and Koenig a horrible fifth*
Two favorites peeped In, Lomo and
Cousin Carrie. The downfall of four oth
ers was the cause of much rejoicing
amonp the layer » of odds.
The las=t event on the card, a sevem
furlong purse run, really could claim some
pretensions to class, for in it started Sam
Fallen. Montanlc. Prejudice, Scales and
Tuthill. Montanlc opened favorite, with
O'Connor up, was cherry ripe for a car
ridp and never cut any figure in the run
ring. Sam Fulkn did ragtime steps out
before the footlights for a time, and then
ducked behind the scenes. Pat Dunne's
Bcales was apparently the best, but Char
ley Gray, who has not been up In the
¦addle for some time, made botchy work
of it. and lo.<t to Tuthill by a neck. The
winner had Kilcy up, and closed at odds
of 10 to 1.
"Monk " Ccburn's ride on Opponent, the
even money favorite for the opening mile
pplllnp race, was simply disgraceful. The
horse looked a sweet 3 to 5 chance. Btill
several books In the ring laid even money
till the bugle blew. With no pace 6et,
Coburn kept bis mount out of the run
ning to the stretch, then rode all over
th*> track, finally finishing third. McXam
ara. the second choice, experienced little
difficulty in beating out Hohenlohe a
Ifnglh.
King's Pal. at £3 and 25 to 1, defeated a
lot of maidens for the second number, a
nix furlons dash. He ran unbacked by
his stable, and in a drive earned the de
cision over Sam Howard by a nose. Hon
durcn. the favorite, was third.
At one time it iookod as if Can't Dance
«-r.u]<l make it verv intereptlr.jr for Lomo,
favorite for the hurdle event. Cairns,
thouph. rjde an excellent race astrMe the
f.rst choice, finishing with something up
Ms sleeve. Show honors went to old
Mestor.
Cousin Carrie, a rame little daughter of
imp. Midlothian, and flying Sister Mary
had a battle royal with Instante for the
two-year-old selling purse, at five and a
half furlongs. The pair fougrht it out
fmm the jump. Cousin Carrie scoring' by a
nose. Eight other? started.
Track Notes
Tommy Burn<=, the well known rider, is
r>rr* and will be iwn In the raddle before
lorg. Tommy Is accompanied by "Doc"
Kiddle, who trains one string for J. F.
Schorr.
Loeue was given the balance of the
meeting- on the ground for pokey work in
petting away from Use post with Lady
Maud. •
After a few m^re cheap hand-me-down
fframhles are put on for Sam Howard,
Tngh and that fort of "cattle." people will
b*>g1n to think Ed Corrtgan has more than
a faitpsing interest In Tanfcran. There
are plenty of good horses here, and people
will ray to see them race.
Following are to-day's entries;
f Copyrighted. 1S00. hy W. A. Martin. AH rlsrhts
renerved.)
Fim race— Six and a half furlongs; three
$-par-r>ld* and upward: wiling. ,
l"10 Plohn 1C3 1*M ICovla W
14« Pupil 108 <1431)Or<lnuns 10S
iHS4)Moeorfto W <1495)Pat MorrlBiey..l02
(HWiMatt Hoean.... 91 1455 Coming Event.. 91
.... Majrrle Davis.. PS. (150S)AnJou 103
llM Jtrld »€ 1+54 Prestidintator. tl
P«>cona race — One mile; three-year-olds and
crvani; selling.
1472 La Maseota .... S> J4M Will Pty 80
UM Rainier 1C>! lf>04 Hiram Johnaon. PO
1502 Ai-tor 102 13M I>iu Bey 112
2.V14 Formatue 1<X>! 1485 Glengaber 99
1443 Jennie Reid.... W ISM WalleiKteln .... M
ICSMtydine 90_
Third race— Fire and a half fnrtonw; two
r»ar-oM fillips; puire.
isno Rnundh^ad ....105 14«1 Iymellneea 105
1335 Iicwnhearted ..lf«' 14S8 Ada N 10S
i:?<i Lucera S5J .... Sham 55
1514 Illusion Ml 149S Merlda 103
14r-<; Mamie Hlld'th.105 1500 Thracla 95
F09 Art»>r.a 1051 Kdna Brown 93
LOCOCHEE ON THE WARPATH ONCE
MORE, CARRIES AWAY THE EPSOM
Defeats Campus, Koenig and Others for the Handieap at
Tanforan— Tuthill Leaves a Good Field Behind.-
"I am out here Just to visit some friends
and have some shooting 1 , and though I un
derstand that the California Jockey Club
has decided that I cannot ride on Its
track, I want to say that long before It
took that step it knew that I would not
ride here this season, and no amount of
money would Induce me to cross a mount.
"I intend to return to England in April
and ask the Jockey Club tor a rehearing
of my case. I am confident that I win be
able to amply vindicate myself. When I
first rode In England I was treated well
by the Jockeys and the public, and so
were the other American riders. When,
however, we demonstrated our superiority
the English Jockeys at once showed thu
most Jealous feeling 1 , and then the public
fell right In line.
"If I find that I cannot secure a license
next year In England I shall ride In thU
country and In France. A refusal of a
license does not bar me off any track
other than the tracks governed by the
club making the refusal. But. as I said
before, I Intend returning; to England and
feel perfectly confident that the English
Jockey Club will give me a rehearing and
a chance to vindicate myself.
"Yes. It Is true that I was negotiating
to tide for the Prince of "Wales during the
coming season, but owing to so much
publicity of the charges made against mo
and other American riders the negotia
tions were abruptly ended."
Sloan will remain in the city for a few
days and then join e party of friends for
a week's shooting In the country. .
I know of any action that body contem
plates I learned from the racing: calendar
of England, which had a semi-official an
nouncement that I need not apply for* a
license next year.
JOCKEY SLOAN IS IN THE CITY
BUT HE WILL ACCEPT NO MOUNTS
He Diseusses His Recent Trouble in England and Says That
He Will Return to Vindicate Himself.
Open stake. 128 entries— H. Lynch's Lottie M
vs. O. J. Olsen's Sunburst; P. McCabe's Craig
Boy vs. Captain Clarkson'g Oolden Garter;
Aeneid Kennels' Ajfamemnon vs.* ' Sterl &
Knowlea' For Glory; P. Jackson's Honor
Bright vs. Lande & Gerber's Moemt Ida; Pasha
Kernels' Round About vs. Aeneid Kennels'
Athena; A. Gray's Rona vs. H. Lynch's Emma
M; J. Russell's Faithful Lad vs. Connell Bros.'
St. Helen: Cheetham & Partlngton's Whim vs.
E. M. Kellogg' s Ben's Babe; Curtis & Sons"
Ppyche vs. J. Sutton's Herschel's. Pride; Pasha
Kennels' Rural Artist vs. F. Jones' Harlean
Gladys; ' J. Russell's Wedding Bells vs. F.
Jones' Wedgewood; J. Keenan's Lady Sears vs.
George Eharman's Annie Lawrence; T. J.
¦ Cronln's Vandal vs. James Dean's Warco; J.
Russell's Spiteful vs. M. London's Magnetto;
Curtis & Sons' Shadow vs. Curtis & Sons' Echo;
F. Jones' Tom Hurlick vs. James Dean's Gal
lant; George Nethercott's Floodgate vs. Aeneid
Kennels' Fine Fire; T.-J. Cronln's Vixen vs.
Erwln & Lyons' Silver Wings; H. A. Deckel
man's Belle Rocket vs; , Captain .¦¦. Clarkson's
Headwater: R. L. Taylor's Mose vs. George
Rharman's Chicago Boy; O..Zahl's Tony Bowers
vs. J. Russell's Castaway; Chlarlnl Bros.'
BraBs'Button vs. Curtis & Sons' Cash; J.' J.
Edmonds' Morning Glory vs. J. Keenan's
Sleigh Bells; A. Jackson's Golden • Russet v«.
D. J. Healy's Tapioca; F. A. McComb's Little
Bister v*. -A Johnson's Tod Sloan; Ersklne Ac
Jones' Lavender vs. P. Rellly's Lady Granad;
P. Doyle's Liberator vs. Curtis & Sons' War
path; Curtis A Sons' McKinley vs. J. Carrol's
Auckland: Pasha Kennels' Rest Assured vs.
George Sharman's Miss Skyrocket; S. Handy's
Twin City Girl vs. H. A. Deckelman's Rocker;
J. Dean's Connemara vs. D. Toland's Pleasant
Girl; J. P. Thrift's St. Michael vs. J. Keenan's
Lordon Links;, C. O. Peterson's Silver Cloud
vs. George Shaxman's Bowery Boy; H. Lynch's
Lilac vs. Maher & Reid's Uncle Fuller; Aeneid
Kennels' Achilles vs. J. Russell's First Foot;
D. J. Healy's Lady Claire vs. J. Russell's Scot
,land Yet; Chlarlnl Bros. Bunco Bill vs. F. A.
McComb's Sir Pasha; Captain : Cane's Victor
Boy -vs.- Pasha Kennels' -Random Aim; L. G.
Hodgklns' Palm Flower vs. E. M. Kellogg's
Iowa Boy; J. Smith's Bony Boy vs. George
Parkinson's Ben Lomond; J .Hi Perigo'e Con
troller vs. P. J. 'Rellly's Warship; P. J.
RelUy's The Grafter vs. J.- Keenan's Dread
naught; E. M. Kellogg's Kid McCoy vs. Pasha
Kennels', May: Hempstead; Pasha Kennels'
Fiery Face vs. E.; Geary's America; J. Hold
en's Scottish Chief vs. C. Bonnar's Wild Nora-
Curtis & Sons' • Kibosh vs. Pasha Kennels'
Roman Athlete; CO. Peterson's Half Moon vs.
J. Carrol's Master Clalr; Connell Bros.' White
Hat vs. E. Geary's Bonnie Pasha; Pasha.Ken
nels' Royal : Anne' vs. -T. ; . Tlerney's Lucretla
Borgia; Cheetham & Partlngton's Representa
tive vs.-J.'P. Thrift's Brutus; P. Rellly's Cas
cade vs. J. H.-Perlgo's- Lady Davenport: J.
Ruerell'B . Strayaway vs. Pasha : Kennels'. Rol
licking ¦ Airs; C. O. Peterson's Jennie * Noyea
vs. J. Sheridan's Forest" King: Curtis & Sons'
Fashion Plate . vs. ; E. - M. Kellogg's , Sweet
Emma; R. : L. Taylor 1 * Beauty Spot vs. Kay
Bros.' Hawker: A. Johnson's Bald Eagle vs
P. J. Rellly's Peter West; Curtis & Sons'. War
Eagle -vs. H.' Lynch's Game Cock; -Curtis &
Sons'. Anchor vs. J. J. Edmonds'. Qo On; Lande
& Gerber's Rlenzi vs. Maher' & Reid's Bad Boy
J. Sutton's , Master . Lawrence vs. M. t Dunley's
Erin; Curtis & ¦ Sons' * Rosinante 1 vs.:. H. A
Deckelman'a Fly Away; Connell Bros.' Mamie
Pleasant « vs. Aeneid *¦¦ KenneJs'.- Aethra ;> P.
Doyle's Thelma vs. J. : Smith's Master Work
man; A.; Van der; White's Lear King vs. -¦ A.
Burke' s Night Time.
The draw for the open stake, 128 entries,
was held last night by the Union Cours
ing Park Association at Pythian Castle,
and resulted as follows: \ .
Will Run at Union
Park, i
OPEN STAKE COURSING
. . DRAW A CRACKEBJACK
One Hundred and Twenty-Eight Dogs
Second round— Vixen beat Bona Fide. 8-7:
Warpath beat Bowery Boy, 6-1; Lundln Links
beat Sleigrh Bells, 4-0; Minnie Wa Wa beat
MoonbriRht. 4-2: Kibosh beat Ploughboy, 22-10;
Cash beat Miss Skyrocket, 12-7; Controller beat
Flower of Oold, 10-8; St. Helen beat Eager,
6-3; Lady Davenport beat Palmflower, 6-0;
Athena beat Cora Pearl, 22-12: Wild Tralee beat
8t. Valentine. ~iq-l ; O K Capitol beat Real
Lassie, 4-0; The r Owl beat Royal Anne, 3-2*
Flyaway beat Lucretla Borgia, 5-3; May
Hempstond beat Dreadnaught, 6-1; Pete's West
beat Lyddite, 5-3. •
Third round — Warpath beat Vixen, 6-0; Mln
nl© Wa Wa beat Lundin Links, 4-2: Control
ler beat Kibosh, 7-1; Cash beat St. Helen, 7-5;
Lady Davenport a bye; Wild Tralee beat O K
Capitol. 8-6; Flyaway beat The Owl, 6-2; May
Hempstead beat Pete's West. 3-0.
Fourth round — Minnie Wa Wa beat Warpath,
11-7; Cash beat Controller, 12-3; Lady Daven
port a bye; May Hempstead beat Flyaway,
7-0.
Fifth round— Minnie Wa Wa beat Cash, 6-5;
Lady Davenport beat May Hempstead, 4-0.
Deciding course — Lady Davenport beat Minnie
Wa Wa, 9-6.
Midweek reserve stake, first round— T. J.
Cronln's Vixen beat P. McCabe's Fair LUlle,
12-5; F. A. McComb's Bona Fide a bye; George
Bharman'a Bowery Boy beat Aeneid Kennels"
Asamcmon, 16-7; Curtis & Sons' Warpath
beat Captain Clarkson's Headwater, 9-3; J. J.
Keenan's Sleigh Bells beat E. Sweeney's Cot
tage Lass, 12-0; J. Keenan's Lundin Links beat
CurtiB & Sons' Fashion Plate, 22-10; P. J.
Rellly's Moonbrleht btat P. Moore's Thorn
dale, 28-0; R. E. ae B. Lopei's Minnie Wa Wa
beat J. McEnroe's Admiral Sampson, 6-0; Cur
tis & Sons' Kibosh beat George Sharman'a St.
Ives, 13-11; Curtis & Sons' Carh beat O. Zahl's
Toney Bowers, 8-1: P. J. Kellly's Ploughbojr
beat J. Hurley's Hurricane, 22-12; George Shar
man's Miss Skyrocket beat H. Lynch's Linton,
7-4; J. H. Terigo's Controller beat Curtis &
Sons' McKinley, 10-6; Captain Clarkson's Flow
er of Gold beat Aeneid Kennels' Aethra, '13-7;
Connell Bros.' St. Helen beat Pasha Kennels"
Rollicking Airs, 7-5; R. E. de B. Lopez's
Eager beat W. J. Leonard's Daylight, 8-3; L.
O. Hodgkin's Palmflower beat F. A. McComb's
Patriot, 18-6; J. H. Perigo's Lady Davenport
beat Thomas MeCool's Fin McCool. 6-0; Aeneid
Kennels' Athena beat J. McEnroe'n Magic Cir
cle, 7-3; H. H. Walker's Cora Pearl beat R. L.
Taylor's Brilliant Beauty, 11-6; T. J. Cronin'i
Wild Ttalee bedt R. E. de B. Lopez's Warri
go, 6-1; Georre Sharman's St. Valentine beat
Pasha Kennels' Roguish Antics, 7-5: J. Hur
ley's O K Capitol beat Georsre Sharman'i An
nie Lawrence, 4-0; Pasha Kennels' Real Lassie
beat T. J. Cronin's Thornhlll. 19-6; Pasha
Kennels' Royal Anne beat P. McCabe's Craig
Boy, 21-3; J.' C. O'Donnell's The Owl beat E.
Baumelster's Lew Angeles. 3-2; T. ' Tlerney's
Lucretla Borgia beat H. Lynch's Clalrborne,
8-6; H. A. Deckelman's Flyaway beat Curtis &
Sons' Echo, 2-0; J. J. Keenan's Dreadnaught
beat Sterl & Knowles'. Amarosa, 3-2; Pasha
Kennels' May Hempstead beat R. E. de B. Lo
pez's Usurer, 84-2; P. J. Rellly's Peter West
beat C. Ryan's Rival, 26-3; H. Lynch's Lyd
dite beat Curtis A Sons' Roslnante, 2-0.
J. H. Perigo'e Lady Davenport captured
the midweek reserve stake at Union Park
yesterday. As a bread-winner the Lady
has done her share this week for her
kennels. On Sunday Jaet she got first
money in the stake at San Jose Coursing
Park, taking the flag from Jolly Rover in
the deciding course. On account of the
hard condition of the field In the Garden
City grounds many who were aware' of
her victory thought that the going would
leave her feet In bad shape, and In conse
quence did not figure the Lady to go the
route. She wa3 out to win, however, and,
while she was fortunate In getting two
byes, still she went to her work In quick,
snappy style. Fin McCool and tPalm
flower were unable to score a point
against the Lady; and May'Hempstead,
who. led her. until the. close to the hare,
fared aa badly. In the final Minnie Wa
Wa was on the short end of the score 9
to 5, Gazabo, the hare with a history,
refused .to let, either of the contestants
Add a kill to. the record, and ; made good
his escape.
A dozen short-ends landed, the sensation
of the day being the upsets of the favor
ites, Los Angeles and Royal Annie, at 6
and 7 to 1 respectively by The Owl, the
ecore being 3 to 2 In each event.
The Owl is a litter sister of King Cash
ier, a youngster of promise, and while In
yesterday's stake she was slow on the
run-up, her work on the hare was good.
Minnie Wa Wa, the runner-up, showed
determination in her courses and out
worked Admiral Sampson and Warpath,
both favorites.
ThornhiU. a ence great performer, was
beaten easily, in the run-down by Real
Lassie.
R. E. de B. Lopez's youngster Eager
showed up well, beating Daylight on the
short end and leading" St. Helen close up
to the hare. He is a litter brother of
Ruby R and of Whltehead by a later lit
ter.
The day's results, with Judge John
Grace's official scores fdllow:
The Owl Furnishes Day's Sensation,
Beating the Favorites, Los An
geles and Royal Anne, at
Good Odds.
Beats Minnie Wa Wa in
the Deciding Course at
LADY DAVENPORT
WINS JHE STAKE
THE SAW FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, 'DECEMBER 20, 1900.
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
8
By b\ e. 3i^ncji_.noi J r J^.isri3.
TJNITEU STATES BBAUCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE—
London Assurance
CORPORATION
OF LONDON, ENGLAND, on the Slat day of
December. A. D. 1899, and for the year
ending on that day, as made to the Insurance
Commissioner of the State of California, pur-
suant to the provisions of sections CIO aad £11
of the Political Code, condensed as per blank
furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and "
Bonds owned by Company Jl.*70.929 23
Cash In Company's Office 1.3SS 93
Cash In Banks 132.K22 70
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loan* 5.SS9 53
Premiums In due Ccuree of Collection 197.369 94
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Rinks 91 70
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid...- 12,764 E5
Total Assets S3.34I.0S3 72
LIABILITIES.
Loeees adjusted and unpaid $28.103 63
Losses In process of Adjustment or
in Suspense ; 109.843 J7
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. 13,121 i&
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $539,438 61; re-
insurance SO per cent 273.713 il
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning; more than one year, SS81.437 S3:
reinsurance pro rata 451.406 li
Gross premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Risks. I ; re- ¦ ¦ t
Insurance 100 per cent LUJ 63
Gross premiums on Marine Time
Risks, 1 ; reinsurance SO per
cent 18.463 41
Amount reclaimable by the Insured
on perpetual Fire Insurance Poll-
dea ". 17* so
All other demands against the Com-
P*»T : ,»8.035 G
Total Uabimiea $978,024 «
INCOME. '.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $801,633 98
Net cash actually received for Ma-
rine premiums 175.230 l«
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans and from
all other sources 87.478 C9
Total Income .n.M4.40l SI
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount p«Jd for Fire Losses (In-
¦ eluding I . losses of previous
years) $573,431 50
Net amount paid for Marine Losses
(including % , losses of previous
rears) ; .7. jji.873 M
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 21S.S3 24
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
ebarree for officers, clerks, etc.... 93,743 1*
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes 43.521 JO
All other payments and expenditures so. (US oi
Total Expenditures .$1,241,190 87
Loeees Incurred during the year $713.913 <M
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
•JS??...!!^.... 1^ $t*nM40 $974,337 »
Net amount of Risks
expired _ during _the t&m „
"vhSSSMJE?. ™*»#* 1441.080 13
Risks and Premiums. Mar. RUka. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
JSIr*!!!...^.*..^ *».**>** * 3 ®.» 5n
Net amount of Risks
year r !f.... d .^f.*... t^ m.S37.H8 B*MM K
Net amount la force .„„_.. ae ,in
_ December 3L 1899- 4.686.71S Z3.8ZZ 07
CHARLES L. CASE. U. a Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this :6th
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT.
221 SANSOMEST.,
. SAN FRANCISCO. /
GEO. F. GRANT, Manager.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE—
NORTHERN
ASSURANCE COMPANY
OF LONDON. ENGLAND, on the tlst day of
December. A. D. 1899, and for the year
ending on that day, as made to the Insurance
Commissioner of the State of California, pur-
suant to the provisions of section* 610 and (11
of the Political Code, condensed aa per blank
furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
In Cash - S1.6C0.CC0 00
ASSETS. • ' '
Real Estate owned by Company.... $2,113.53$ M
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 1,517,693 81
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company — 18.44S.S9S 17
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral.... 2.C78.K4 SO
Cash In Company's Office 8.920 91
Cash In Banks 712,151 U
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 377.C40 90
Due from other companies and from
agents *73.400 58
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 11J.T38I1
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks 106,3*3 19
Rents due and accrued 6.W2 99
Stamps •• - 1,384 25
Reversions owned absolutely by the
Company 1,653.633 85
Total Assets _ <28.tH.Ul 10
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid '
Losses in process of Adjustment
or In Suspense (387.341 U
Losses resisted, including; ex-
penses
Orcra premiums on Fire Risks
running one year or less, $— — .
reinsurance B0 per cent
Groes premiums on Fire Risks ¦ 1,773.178 13
running more than one y?ar.
$ , reinsurance {>ro-
rata t
Liability under Life Department .... 13.98S.S7S «]
Bills payable 86.935 03
Cash dividends remaining unpaid...' 13,749 19
All other demands against th«
Company 139,307 0J
Total Liabilities $Z1.403,7M U
INCOME. =====
Net cash actually received for Fir*
premiums '. J3.S45.9Sl gj
Net cash actually received for Life
premiums 1.29L86J <1
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans and from
all other sources.... J44 095 00
Received for Rents 4741J Si
Received for sale of Annuities 41S.814 K
Total Income , S6.245.833 SI
EXPENDITURES. ========
Net amount paid for Fir* Losses
(including I , losses of pre-
vious years) Q.959 20S fif
Net amount paid . for Ufa Losses
(Including J-* . loss of previous
years) 1.109 tit 71
Dividends to Stockholders 445' km An
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage ; 677 734 Ed
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other ••*»<"
charges for of fleers, clerks, etc... 721 «-« <i
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes" :....-.;.."...; .-... M.B57 94
All other payments and ezpendi-
turei Mlttxi
Total Expenditures S3 109 S77 73
Losses incurred during the year;... S2.01&J04 71
Rlfks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premium!.
Net amount of . Risks ~~" ~
written during the
NeTamounV-Vf ' RlVk, *-™->«-™ *.*«.™ »
expired . during the
Ne^amounrin-foVce 1 "".«» »
December 81, 1899 789.981.439 H63.M7 K>
h" £ Carman. "~
«. .. _.,. j. J . H> E- WILSON. Secretary
¦^FOFbr" to »•*« ""Ess***
C J. WATTS. Notary Public,
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT
221 SANSOMB ST.,
BAN FRANC38CO.
GEO, F. GRANT, .Manager.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
UNDER THE MISTLETOE
BOUGH,
Or wherever else. femininity is a consider-
ation, a man must be at his best — not only
as to physique, but as to general ''get up.
His linen above all should be beyond criti-
cism. If you bring your soiled linen here
we'll make it as white &s Christmas snow,
and old Santa Claus will vouch Tor you to
the 'prettiest 'girl in town. ,
J "No saw edges."
. Domestic finish for full dress shirts it
youorder.lt.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4 Market Street
: Telephone— South 42O,
Oakland Office— 62 San Pablo Ave.
#% | I K I #fc Laflln A Rand Waterproof
I II iBlf" Smokeless Powder. In bulk
I ¦ ¦ I 111 and loa Aed in shells. Send
|1|1 for catalOKue of sporting
W W | \ rood*. GEO. W. SHREVE
739 Market street. .Be Sure and Attend
The greatest assignee sale of clothing. I
will sell to-morrow men's genuine worsted
suita that coat J15 for $5 85: also 450 covert
cloth men's suits, worth t20, for JS 90.
Come one, come all, to the Boston, 775
Market St.. P. C. Kelly, assignee. •
At a meeting of the Journeymen Bar
bers' Union Tuesday night at Bocial Tem
ple, Turk street, officers for the ensuing
six months were elected as follows: Pres
ident, B. R. Bllely; vice president, A. B.
Wray; financial secretary, I. Less; re
cording secretary, W. B. Currier; treas
urer, Georgre Barrett: guide. E. Walker;
guardian, T. H. Kenny; trustees — Van
Valkenberg, D. Apguard and C W. Dor
worth: finance committee— J. Lee. H.
Powell and Fred Smith; delegates to La
bor Council— J. Less, J. Hilgard, P. Bran
aby and G. Decui. The Installation of
these officers will be held at a later date.
Barbers' Union Elects Officers.
The annual before Christmas exhibition
of framed pictures, showing all the new
effects in Flemish, old Dutch and ebony
frames with tinted mats to match, is now
going on at Sanborn. Vail & Co.'s. All the
newest pictures in Copley prints, plati
num, Seuia and color to be seen there.
You will feel fully repaid for the time
spent in viewing the same. -. • ;
Pictures for Christmas.
Responds to Toast "Our Country" at
a Dinner in Kansas
City.
KANSAS CITY. Dec. 19.— General Fltz
hujrh Lee. commander of the Department
of the Missouri, was to-nlgrht the gruest of
honor at the annual banquet of the Com
mercial Club, given in commemoration of
the signing of the John Jay treaty. Gen
eral Lee, accompanied by his wife and
daughter and his staff, arrived in Kansas
City this afternoon over the Burlington
road on a special train in charge of a local
reception committee that had (rone to
Omaha to act as escort. A reception fol
lowed, and to-nl&ht at the banquet, at
which there were 330 plates laid and which
was the most elaborate ever given by the
club. General Lee responded to the. toast,
"Our Country/' speaiing extemporane
ously.
Recommends Ratification of Many
Which He Has Thoroughly
Investi gated.
WASHINGTON, Dec 19.— John A- Kas-
Bon, who represented the United States
Government In negotiating the various re
ciprocity treaties under the Dingley law,
made an arerument before the Senate Com
mittee on Foreign Relations to-day in
eupport of thoF© treaties relating to the
West Indian possessions of Great Britain,
with the exception of Jamaica, which
treaty was not reached for want of time.
He took up and explained In detail the
provisions of the treaties covering: Bar
badoes, the Bermudas. British Guiana and
Turks Island. Mr. Kasson explained the
reduction of revenue ¦which would result
to bcth the United States and the British
poBeesslons from th© ratification of the
treaties, and claimed that this not only
would be small but would be fullv coun
terbalanced by the Increase of Rood feel
lngr. He also said there would De an in
crease of trade which would be commen
surate in benefit to the shipping interest
GENERAL I^EE GUEST
OF COMMERCIAL CJLTJB
KASSON REPORTS ON
TREATY NEGOTIATIONS
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping: Merchants.
The O. H. Watjen and the Blalrhoyle have
been reeharUred to load wheat 'at Portland
for Europe at 42s Sd and 42s 6d respectively;
the British ! steamer Hyson, wheat at Tacoma
for 8t- Vincent for orders; the Robert Lewers,
lumber at Port Gamble for Honolulu; the
Tola, wheat at Tacoma for Europe. .
Additional Manifests.
. ,An additional manifest has been reported at
the Custom-house ¦ for the steamer City of
Pars, which sailed Tuesday for • Panama,
valued at $9837, of which $736 was for Mexico
and the balanoe for Central America. Tha
manifest Included the following:
For Mexico— 400 lbs dried fruit, 1 cs shoes,
10 kego powder, 200 lbs eoda, 12 pkgs groceries
and provisions', 2 colls cordage, 3 cs arms and
ammunition, 10 c« gtnger ale.
For Central America — 20 bbls cement, 15 cs
coal oil, £0 tons coal, IS Mia cordage, 41 pkgs
groceries and provisions. 10 pkga household
goods, 65 cs hardware, 17 bdls 12 bars Iron.
70.893 feet lumber, 15, 'KM laths, 11 kegs lead.
1240 lbs lard, 1S6 era mill work, 3d kegs nails.
26 cs oil. 10 cs paint, 4 cs photo goods, - 6 cs
¦hots, 28 cs sash weights, 20,000 n>s salt, 5
ban steel. 3 cs turpentine, IS bbls tar, £22
gals wine. ¦
In addition to cargo previously reported the
Hat nor, which sailed Tuesday for .Hamburg,
carried 1 steam launch" for Altata, valued at
$1728. •' • -¦¦' - ¦
Notice to Mariners.
Notice is hereby given of the following
changes in aids to navigation in this district,
which affect tha List of: Beacons and Buoys.
Pacific Coast. 1900: , -;,^
Entrance to Umpqna River. : Inside bar buoy,
page 44, a black and white perpendicularly
etrlDed seconi-clasa nun is reported as having
Trouble on Sprlngburn.
The British ship Sprlngburn, that went
to 6ea yesterday, had a baker's dozen of
her crew in irons for several days before
she left port. During last Friday's gale
the ehlp began to drag and the mate at
once piped all hands on deck. The men
were very slow in answering the sum
mons, and were called a "lot of old
women" by the officer. This epithet they
objected to, and demanded to be set
ashore. Instead they were put In irons
and locked up In the brig. Four days of
bread and water was enough for the gang,
and yesterday they turned to.* and one of
the merriest "chanties" ever heard in the
bay was sung as they hauled in tho an
chor.
"Water Front Notes.
Captain I. Martin left for New Orleans
last night. He is going to bring out a big
four-masted schooner for Byxbee & Clark.
The same firm has purchased a flve
masted schooner In Thomaston, Me., and
a man has gone East to Inspect her.
Should the Inspection be satisfactory the
big schooner will come to California.
Johnny O'Brien ran up against a cir
cular saw In a box factory yesterday and
his hand was badly cut. Dr. Bactgalupi
fixed him up at the Harbor Hospital and
sent him home. -
The Harbor Commissioners held a short
session yesterday. The monthly bills were
all passed, and the chances are "theboys"
will get their pay before Xmas. Chief
Wharfinger Henderson made a protest
against loose telephone wires being al
lowed to hang along the front and en
danger State property and ¦hipping. The
matter was referred to the Chief Engineer
with power to act.
Suit on Sailors' Contract-
George waller, H. Hausmann and H.
Kawabo filed a suit in the United States
District Court yesterday against the
Anvil Gold Mining Company to recover
1717, alleged to be due them for wag-es
and transportation as members of the
crew of tho schooner Seven Sisters.
• — -
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Another Vessel to Be Added to Fleet
Ownie<r iSTHawaii.
The Hanalel 1b the last of the vessels
that has been built for the Hawaiian
owned fleet. She was launched from Hay
& Wright's yards a week ago' last Sat
urday, and In a day orjso will bo ready
for her trial trip. The new steamer is in
tended for the Inter-Island Steamship
Company, and Is something like the Kalu
lanl, built for the Wilder Steamship Com
pany only larger and more commodious.
The Hanalel is 172 feet long, 36 feet beam
and 14 feet deep. She has extra accommo
dation for cabin passengers,* tand the
builders have been praised on all sides
for the excellent work done on the ship.
STEAMER FOB ISLAJTO TRADE.
&jw|^j HERB are many vessels due from
1 coast ports over which the own-
I ers and underwriters are very
JJL much worried. Every steamship
and coaster that . has made port
had a hard time of It. Liners that should
have made the run in fifty hours have
taken from five to six days, and coast
ers that should have come in last Mon
day are only now beginning to straggle
in.
The steamer Jeannle,- of tho Pacific
Steam "Whaling Company's fleet, left Seat
tle last Sunday week, and has not since
been heard from. The Newsboy went
ashore up the coast, but got off without
much damage, and the tug Rescue was
sent north yesterday to bring her to San
Francisco.
A fleet of lumber vessels Is overdue,
and the owners of some steamers would
be. glad to see their vessels showing up.
The Noyo came in yesterday with part of
her deckload gone. A big sea swept along
her port side and not only took away one
of the lifeboats but also part of the lum
ber ptored on the main deck.
The steam whaler Fearless, that has
been out so long from Unalaska, has been
heard from at Marshneld, Or. Captain
James McKenna has been nearly five
years in the Arctic, and when he arrives
here he will receive a royal welcome
awaiting him.
gone adrift on December 4, and will be re
placed as early aa practicable.
Columbia River, ship channel across the bar
as far as Astoria. Or. Peacock spit buoy No.
l'-i. page" 49, a black, first-class can, recently
reported- as having dragged out of position,
was placed December 8 In 80 feet of water on
the following bearings: Outer end Government
Wharf Chinook Point ENE. % E., Point Adams
Lighthouse Old Tower ESR, North Head Light
house NJs'W. % W.. and marks the south edge
of the spit.
Columbia River, channel to Knappton. 'Wash.,
page 51. Knappton Channel Buoy No; 1, a.
black, first-class spar, was changed December
4 to a second-class spar and placed in 17 feet
of water on the following bearings: Point near
Knappton Mill <S. tangent) NE. H N., Smith
Point (W. tangent) S. by E.. Cliff Point (S.
tangent) 6W; by W. HW.
Cliff Point Spit Buoy No. Vk, a red, first-class
spar, waa discontinued December 4.
Knappton Channel Buoy No. 4. a red. second
class spar, was established December 4, In 20
feet of water, on the following bearings: Point
near Knappton Mills (S. tangent) NE. by N.,
Smith Toint (W, tangent) S. \ E.. Cliff Point
<9. tangent) S\V. by W. H W.
Knappton Channel Buoy No. «, a red, sec
ond-class spar, was established December 4. In
16 feet of water, on the following bearings:
Point near Knappton Mill (SE. tangent) NNE.
M E., Smith Point (W. tangent) S. y, E., Point
Klllce (tangent) SPW. "yi W.
Knappton Channel Buoy No. 8, a red, second
class spar, was established December 4, In 20
fen of water, on the following bearingst Smith
Point <W. tangent) S. % B... Point Ellice (tan
gent) SSW. % W., Cliff Point <S. tangent) SW.
These buoys are Intended as guides in the
channel to the new Quarantine Station near
Knnppton. ¦ $ 4
Entrance to Grays Harbor, Washington! p<Lge
67. Inner buoy, a black and whlte_perpendjih
larly striped" flrst-elassTnliC was moved De-*"
cember 8, and is now moored In 27 feet of
water on the following bearings: Lone Tree on
Damon Point NNE. % E.. Jetty Wharf (Inside
the bay) ENE. % B.. Grays Harbor Lighthouse
K. '1 S. From. this buoy steer so as to pass
close to the northward of Trustee Spit ' Buoy
No. 0. -
Point Brown Spit No. 1, a black, flrst-class
con buoy, was moved December 8. and Is now in
28 feet of water on the following bearings: Ned
Rock NNE., Grays Harbor Lighthouse SB. %
E., Lone Tree on Damon Point N. by W % W
Whitcomb Flata Buoy No. 4, a red, first-class
nun, was moved December 8, and is now moored
In 24 feet of water on the following bearings:
Ned Rock N. by E. % E., Grays Harbor Llght
8^ % w - I*m Tree on Damon Point
Admiralty Inlet, pagt 7L Point Hudson Spit
Buoy No. 2, a red, second-class Ice, Is reported
as having gone adrift on December 7, and will
be replaced as early as practicable.
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
W. P. DAT, Commander, U. S. N.,
Inspector ISth Lighthouse District.
Portland, Or.. December 17, 1900.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
li ' Wednesday, Deoember 19.
Stmr Corona, Gielow. 67 houra from New
port, etc
Stmr Umatlla, Cousins, 88 hours from Vic
toria and Puget Sound ports.
Stmr Alex Duncan, G-uthrie. 82 hour* from
Mon Lendlnc
6tmr Noyo, Johnson. II hour* from Fort
Bragg.
Btmr Santa Barbara, Jahnsen. 82 hour* from
Bur*>ka; bound south; put In to land paaaen-
Ktn.
Stmr Charles Nflson, Andersen, SO hours from
Eureka. - • . . ;
U S stmr Wneellnr, Coudln, days from
Seattle.
Bktn B N Gastl«, KTllson, 18 days from Hono
lulu. /
Brig Consuelo, Page, 19 days from Mahu
kona.
Schr lily, Bottrer, 14 days from Umpqua.
CLEARETX
Wednesday, Deoember 19.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka; GoodalL Per
kins & Co.
Stmr Geo W Elder, Randall, Astoria; Orecon
Railroad & Nav Co. -^r
Pchr Helene, Christiansen. Honolulu; J D
SDreckels & Bros Co.
SAILED. t^ : -
Wednesday. December 19.
Stmr Queen. Thomas, San Diego. • ¦; ¦•¦
Stmr Navarro, Peterson, Bowena Landing
Stmr Ban Pedro. Zaddart, Eureka.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka,
Stmr W H Kruger. Krog , Tillamook.
- Tug Rescue, Thompson, - Fort Bragg.
Schr Mary C, Campbell. S"ort Ross.
1 SPOKEN.
Nor 39, lat 13 S, Ion 33 W— Br bark Cambus
doon, from Antwerp, for San Francisco.
Dec 6, lat IS N. Ion S* W— Br bark Bowman
B L&w, from Oregon, for Queenstown.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT • LOBOS, Deo 19. 10 p m— Weather
foggy; wind calm. :
MICKLLANEOUS.
* VICTORIA, Deo 19— Br ship Quadra baa
rone to Union Bay for iurvlvors of the ill
fated stmr Alpha and bodies of victims.
SEATTLE. Deo 1»— Stmr Coqullle River hnc
I Dec 12, arrived to-day and lost three blades of
propeller. Made sail, and during a strong SE
pale mainsail wag blown from the ring: bolt*
Stmr Rainier got outside the straits towing
the stmr GenFrisbie, but could make no head
way and returned. The Rainier was bound
from Belllngham Bay for San Francisco.
Stmr John S Klmball, from Seattle Dec 18, for
Honolulu, returned leaking. . •
Per stmr Noyo— Fort Bragg whistling buoy
went adrift Deo, 17.' . .
DOMESTIC PORTS.
BAN PEDRO— Arrived Deo 18— Schr Meteor
from Tacoma.
TACOMA— Sailed Deo 19— Nor stmr Btdsvold
for China; schr Minnie A Calne, for Sydney
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Dec 18— Schr Meteor
from Tacoma. • '
PORT TOWNSEND^-Passed Inward Dec 19—
'Stmr Ellhu Thomson,' from ¦ Honolulu.
Sailed outward Dec 19— Br Btmr Glenocby, for
ASTORIA— Sailed' Deo Id— Stmr Columbia, for
San Francisco. .
SEATTLE — Arrived Dec U — Stmr ESIhu
Thomson, from Honolulu.
Sailed Dec IS — Stmr Dolphin, for Skaguay.
Arrived Dec 19— Stmr Rainier, with stmr Oen
Friable In tow, from BelllnKham Bay, for San
Francisco. Dec 17— Schr Prosper, from Port
Blakeley. - .• • -/ .¦-..
r-. HONOLULU— Sailed Dec 7— Bark C D Bry
ant, for San Francisco. ; • ¦
COOS BAT— Barbound Dec 19— Stmr Empire.
- . EASTERN PORT.
' NEW YORK— Arrived Deo 19 — Stmr Advance
from Colon. • •
Sailed , Deo 18— Stmr Niagara, for Colon.
• FOREIGN PORTS.
HONGKONG— Sailed Deo 19— Jap Btmr Hong
kong - Maru. ¦ for San Francisco: Br stmr Eta
press of Japan,' foe Vancouver. • : .
ANTWERP— Arrived Dec 1»— Br ship : Har
lech Castle, from Oregon.
Sailed Dec 1«— Br ¦ »hlp '¦ King ¦' Edward, for
San Francisco. ¦•SP% S£ :"^«w»i»-'^s?«^^*»»^s^i
CARDIFF— Arrived Deo 18— Br ship Oda'rr
bank, ¦ from Orearcm. •¦ ¦ - y * «?.~ '.
r CALCUTTA— In . port Nor. lS-Br bark The
HighfleldB, tor San Francisco. • . j
WASHINGTON, Dec. 19.— From the
Committee on Foreign Relations to-day
Cullom leported favorably, with an
amendment a bill to pay the Republic of
>lexico J240.6S3. paid by the Government of
Mexico en account of an award In favor
of La Abra Silver Mining Company, the
vhole of which award, it has been de
clared by the United States Supreme
Court, was procured by fraud. Cullom
also reported from the «am« committee a
Mil to ray the republic of Mexico $171,630.
the amount of an award paid to Benjamin
Weill, the circumstances being similar to
those of La Abra case.
Foreign Relations Committes Reports
on La Abra and Other
Claims.
PAVOHS REPAYMENT
Or MOUEY TO MEXICO
Mr. Kennedy asked the witness if any
attempt had been made to combine all the
American locomotive works. Mr. Con
verse answered In the affirmative, but
said the effort was unsuccessful. His
firm opposed the project, and he did not
believe locomotives could be built at a
lower cost. If such an idea were carried
out.
As to the question of epeed, Mr. Con
verse stated that the substitution of Bteel
rails for iron permitted an Increase of
weight in engines, which resulted in fur
ther speed.
The increase in speed and capacity haa
brought about a reduction in the cost of
transportation and operating.
Regarding tariff conditions, Mr. Con
verse said that owing to -the Government
ownership system existing in most for
eign countries no difficulty was ever en
countered In that respect. The industry,
he said, was at present more prosperous
than at any time from 1S93 to 1837.
Mr. Converse said he believed this fact
to be due to the Industry and intelligence
of the American workman and the much
larger use of Improved machinery here
than abroad.
"In that case." eaid Chairman Clarke,
"how can you produce locomotives at less
coat than the foreign product?"
In answer to a question by Chairman
Clarke, Mr. Converse said the wages of th©
firm's employes are higher than those paid
abroad.
Mr. Converse gave as reasons for intro
ducing American locomotives abroad the
possibility of earlier delivery, preference
for American locomotives as to type and
detail and the question of prices. Engines
have been constructed, witness said, at
less cost per unit of weight than the ordi
nary foreign locomotives.
The foreign trade in locomotives, he
said, has been a steady growth for the
last forty years. At first it was confined
to Cuba and South America, but in the
last twenty-five years It has extended to
the Eastern hemisphere.
PHILADELPHIA, Dec. 19.— John H.
Converse, a membervof the firm of Burn
ham. Williams & Co., which controls the
Baldwin Locomotive Works, appeared be
fore the Industrial Commission to-day.
He stated that the industry was estrb
lished in 1X31, and has constantly and
steadily grown, until to-day the works
are the largest In the world. The capacity
of the plant is 1200 locomotives a year, or
practically four locomotives for each
working- day. The capital employed Mr.
Converse estimated at not less than $1J.
000,000. About feOOO hands are engaged at
the works.
John H. Conyerse Testifies
Before Industrial Com
mission.
Says Foreign Trade In Locomotives
Has Grown Steadily for
• the Last Forty
Years.
GROWTH OF THE
BALDWIN WORKS
Ti'ABHncGTOX. Dec 19.— Congress has
authorized the President to appoint Rep
rrseniatlve Charles A. Boutelle of Maine
to be a captain cf the United States navy
en tn<? retired list. To-day, without a
word cf opposition or even of comment,
the Senate passed the resolution authorlt
::.£ Boutelle's retirement. It la expected
that the President will approve the reso
.uuon and in accordance with the author
ization name him as a captain on the re
t:rcd '1st of the navy. Bouteile is a mem
ber or the present House of Representa
tives und a member-elect of the next. It
:t assumed he will resign his membership
in the House and thus open the way for
Ms retirement, In accordance with the
jro visions of the resolution. Aside from
tiie transaction of some routine business
»na the passing of seventy-one private
j- neicn bais . the Senate did nothing- of
importance in open sesElon to-day.
The House to-day, at the end of a spir
ited contest extending over two days,
passed bills compelling the Pennsylvania
and Baltimore and Ohio railroads to abol
ish grade crossings, to alter the routes
Jr.to the city and to change terminal fa-
Cii-uee. At. amendment was placed upon
the Pennsylvania bill to compel the road
to buiid a new station to coet not less than
Jl. 500,00a. The bills were vigorously an
tagonized by a portion of the minority
under the leadership of Cowherd of MJs
fourl, on the g-round that they were too
liberal to the roads.
£01 Passed Compelling Pennsxlvania
iind Baltimore and Ohio Railroads
to igako Extensive Im
provement*.
Authorize President to Ap
point Him a Captain
in the Navy.
SENATE AND HOUSE
HONOR BOUTELLE
We are selling : agents for 'fWaterman
Ideal? i fountain-pens and the "Marshall,"
the best $1 pen in, the world. * These make
Weal Christmas presents. Sanborn. Vail
& Co.", 741 Market street, r * -•
NOTE— In the above | exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column, and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time of
day, the third time column gives the last
tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are In addition to . the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height, and
then th* number given is subtracted from the
depth given by the charts. The plane of refer
ence Is tha mean of the lower low waters. .
— — o .
Steamer Movements.
TO SAIL.
TO ARRIVE.
CALLAO— Sailed Nov — — Br ship Cape
"Wrath, for Oregon. Nov fr— Chil bark Yo-
Bemite, for .
MANILA— Sailed Dec 15— U S »tmr Sherman,
for San Francisco; stmr Grant, for San Fran
cisco.
NEWCASTLE, Aua — Sailed Dec 7— Br ship
Arracan. for Ban Franclsoo.
TENBRIFFE— Arrived Nov 24— Or itmr Tot
mes, from Hamburg, for San Francisco.
TOCOPILLA-Salled Oct 29— Br ship Scottish
Lochs, for Portland.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Deo 15— Ger ship Alster
damrn, for Tacoma. -
VICTORIA— Arrived Deo 19— Br stmr Amu?,
from Alaska.
' OCEAN STEAMERS.
1 QUEEN'STOWN- Sailed Deo 19— Stmr Sllra
nla. from Liverpool, for Boston.
Arrived Dec 19— Stmr Commonwealth, from
Boston, for Liverpool.
NEW YORK— Sailed Deo 19— Stmr Georgic.
for Liverpool; stmr Southwark. for Antwerp,
via Southampton; stmr Majestic, for Liver
pool.
Arrived Dec 19-rBtmr Kaiser Wllhelm der
Grosse, from Bremen.
BREMEN— Arrived Deo 1*— Stmr Mainz, from
New York.
PUNTA DELGA DA— Arrived Dec 19— Stmr
Trier, from Bremen, for New York.
KINSALE— Passed Dec 19— Stmr Common
wealth, from Boeton, for Liverpool.
HAMBURG— Arrived Dec 19— Stmr Deutschs
land. from New York, via Plymouth.
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed Dec 19— Stmr Trave.
from Bremen, for New York.
LIVERPOOL—Arrlved Deo 19— Stmr Domin
ion, from" Portland.
UMAT1LLA REEF LIGHT VESSEL NO. 67—
COAST OF WASHINGTON.
Notice Is hereby given ths,t on December 15,
1900, Umatllla JReef Light Vessel No. 67 broke
adrift, from'ber station aboutTSvS* ri»fles"S"\V > ." H
S. from Umatllla Reef (Flattery Rocks), mak
ing off from Cape Alava, Wash., and about 4H
mllea WSW. from the cape. She is now at
Neah Bay, Wash., and will be replaced on her
station aa soon aa practicable.
This notice affects the List of Lights and Fog
Signals, Pacific Coast, 1300, page 22, No. 145;
also the List of -Beacons and Buoys, Pacific
Coast. 1900, pare 63.
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
W. P. DAY, Commander, U. S. N.
Lighthouse Inspector.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Surrey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at the
city front (Mlssion-Btreet wharf) about twenty
five minutes later than at Fort Point; the
height of tide is the same at both places.
NEW STEAMSHIP HANALEI, BUILT FOR THE-INTERISLAND STEAMSHIP COMPANY OP HAWAII BY HAY &
wright; she is almost ready for her trial trip and is expected to uphold the honor
of california in southern waters. .
VTTTTT
JvVXJJL
Byron, somewhere in "Childe Harold's
Pilgrimage," declares that "the beings of
the mind, essentially immortal, create and
multiply In us a brighter. and more be
loved existence." According to some such
principle Maeterlinck might justify the
use he makes of certain of Shakespeare's
characters in producing most subtle and
profound dramatic effects. Maeterlinck
has 'been called "The Belgian Shakes
peare," not that he Is comparable with
Shakespeare in respect of power and
majesty, but simply that he employs for
dramatic purposes the associations that
have grown up In the world's mind about
the characters and plays of Shakespeare.
As one reads certain of Maeterlinck's
plays an incident of the older playwright
is called to mind, and then a character
that is reminiscent of another play, and
as these associations, fugitive p-nd dis
tant, accumulate It 13 discovered that
Maeterlinck Is depending for his dramatic
effects upon the memory of the reader and.
his familiarity, more or less Intimate,
with the stage property of the older
dramatist. Maeterlinck merely says: "I
am trying to write Shakespeare for a the
ater of marionettes." By this he may be
understood to mean that he is not trying
to imitate the grand action of the Shakes
pearean stage, but that he Is simply tak
ing advantage of tho residual conscious
ness of Shakespeare existing in the mind
of the present generation after forgetful
ness has done its part and so gives us
Shakespeare reduced to more Impalpable
substance, substance rcflned to atmos
phere, substantial fact become associa
tion of ideas. In place of the splendid
objective life which energizes the stage
of Shakespeare there appears in Maeter
linck the subjective- subtlelzed results of
action. Upon the latter stage things are
realized more by suggestion than by im
pression.
To illustrate this modern usage — an ex
periment in dramatic effects never before
attempted— one of Maeterlinck's plays en
titled "Princess Maleine" may bepassedln
review. In this play the dependency upon
association Is very marked and. Indeed,
the recollection of Shakespeare is a very
part of the play's organization. It in
volves the memory of so many of the
great playwright's characters that there
is some justification for the satirical com
ment of Nordau that " "Princess Malelne"
Is a Shakespeare anthology for Patago
nlans." '
"Princess Maleine" describee the plot
ting of Anne, the Queen of Jutland, to
possess for her daushter the throne of
Holland. Becoming tha paramour of King
Hjalmar, she creates an atmosphere uf
intrigue and suspicion in the whole court,
and under such conditions the play is con
ducted. Anne first wins the consent of
the King to the marriage of his son.
Prince Hjalmar, to her daughter, Princess
Uglyayne. But the Prince is already be
trothed to -Princess Maleine, daughter of
Marcdlus, King of a portion of Holland.
In order to effect her will Anne Insti
gates war between the two Kings, which
results in the defeat of Marcellus and the
consequent breaking of the engagement
between the Prince and Maleine. The lat
ter, accompanied only by her nurse. Is con
fined in a tower— a tower In which once
a Duchess dwelt who "loved a Prince they
would not let her love"— but escaping
from the prison house Maleine Is enabled
to enter the palace of HJalmar as a serv
ing maid. Here the opportunity Is given
her to meet with Prince Hjalmar and
the.lr.Xxo.th.Js renewed. Anne, foreseeing
"the failure of her plots and finding poi
son too slow in action, persuades the weak
King to tho murder of the Princess. Ma
leine is strangled In her bedroom at night.
Prince Hjalmar. on discovering .he mur
derers, kills Anne and at once turns the
dagger against himself, leaving the old
King raving in madness.
The different scenes of the play are laid
in storms. At the beginning the peace of
tho nations Is threatened by the appear
ance of a comet and of showers of stars.
Terrible storms rage at intervals. The
sky Is as "black as the pooL" Strange
fires hover over the palace. Cocks crow
suddenly, crows croak, swans fly across
the sight. At the height of the tragedy
such a storm rages that it seems like the
break-up of the last day. The moon Is
then in eclipse. The very elements share
In the tragic action. .
Act 1 contains the incident of the rup
ture between the two Kings and the sub
sequent warfare, the burning of the city
and palace of Marcellus, and the im
prisonment and escape of Maleine and the
nurse. When King Hjalmar breaks from
the palace of Marcellus, where he has
been entertained, he turns in rage upon
his rival, while the shower of stars con
tinues and the comet gleams above the
palace: "Ignoble Marcellus! You have
dpne a monstrous thing to-day. Come,
my horses, my horses! I am going! I
am going! I am going! And I leave you
your Maleine, with her green face and her
white eyelashes! And I leave you with
your old Qodellva, But wait! You shall
go on your knees across the marshes.
And I shall come to celebrate your be
trothal with all my halberdiers and all
the ravens In Holland for the funeral
feast. Let us be gone! We shall meet
again. Ha! Ha! Ha!" With this overt
act of defiance the tragic conflict of the
play begins.
In act 2 Maleine Journeys to the city of
Hjalmar and, engaging as a servant in
the palace, meets secretly with the
Prince. • —
Act 8 discovers Maleine in the palace
with Anne plotting her death by slow
poison.
In act 4 Maleine Is murdered. The
central scene of horror is Just previous to
the deed of murder, as Maleine, alone in
her room, shudders at some unknown
doom. Maleine is stretched upon a bed.
a large black dog quivering In a corner.
Maleine moans: "Here, Pluto! here,
Pluto! They have left me all alone on a
night like this. Hjalmar has not come to
pee me: My nurse has not come to see
me to-day, and when I call, no one
answers. Something has happened in the
castle. •/*.:•-- 1 have not heard a sound
all day; you would think It was Inhabited
by the dead. Where are you, poor old
dog? Are you going to desert me, too?
Where are you, my poor Pluto? I cannot
see you In the darkness; you are as black
as the room. Is it you I see in the
corner? Oh, It Is your eyes that gleam
In the corner! Oh. close your eyes, for
God's sake! Here, Pluto! Here, Pluto!
(Storm begins without.) Is It you I Bee
trembling in the corner? I never saw
such trembling! He Is making all the
furniture tremble. Have you seen some
thing? Answer me, my poor Pluto. Is
anybody in this room. Come her*, Pluto;
come here! Oh. come near me. upon my
bed. Indeed, you seem as though you would
quiver to death in that corner. (Rises
and goes toward the dog, who recoils and
hides under the furniture.) Where are
you, my poor Pluto? Oh, your eyes are
on flre now. But why are you afraid of
me to-night? I am going back to bed
again. (Lies down again.) If I could
sleep a little! My God! My God! How
sick I am! And yet I do not know what
It Is; no 6ne knows what It Is; the physi
cian does not know what it is; my nurse
does not know what It Is; HJalmar does
not know what it is. (The wind stirs the
bed curtains). Oh. some one is touch
ing my bed curtains. Who Is touching
my bed curtains? Is anybody In my
room? There must be somebody in my
room. Oh. here is the moonlight coming
into the room. What can that shadow be
on the tapestry? I believe the crucifix Is
swinging on the wall. Who is touching
the crucifix? My God! My God! I can
not stay here any longer. (Rises and goes
to the dooK which she tries to open.) Th*»y
have locked me In! Open the door, for
the love of God! There Is something In
ray room. I shall die If you leave me
here alone! Nurse! Nurse! Where are
you? -HJalmar! HJalmar! Hjalmar!
Where are you? (Returns *o bed.) I dar*
not leave my bed again. I shall turn to
ward the other side. Then I Phall not ee«
what Is there on the wall. 'Some white
garments lying on a priedleu are slowly
stirred by the wind.) Oh! there Is some
one on the pr'edieu. (Turns to the other
Fide.) Oh! the shadow Is still on the wall.
(Turns back again.) Oh. something is
still on the priedleu. Oh! Ob! Oh! Oh!
Oh! I must try to shut my eyes. (Creak
ing of furniture and the > wind moaning.)
Oh ! ; Oh ! Oh ! What is the matter now ?
There are noises In my room! (Rises.)
I must see what la on the Driedteu. I
was afraid of my wedding dress! But
what is the shadow on the tapestry?
(Pulls the tapestry aside.) It Is on the
wall now! Let me drink a little water.
Oh! how the rushes In my room cry out!
And when I walk the whole room begins
to sreak. I think it U the shadow of
the cypress; there is a cypress in front of
my window. (Goes to the window.) What
a gloomy room they have given me!
(Thunder.) I can see nothing but tomb
stones by the flash of the lightning, and I
fear lest the dead enter by the windows.
Oh! what a storm In the graveyard!
What a gale In the weeping willows! I
cm going cack to bed. I can near nothing
more now, and the moonlfffht has left
the room. I can hear nothing more now.
I would rather hear some sound. (Lis
tens.) There are footsteps In the corri
dor; strange footsteps, strange footsteps!
Jney tire whispering about my chamber.
or.il I hear h:.n<l3 on the door. (The doer
begins to hcwl.) Pluto! Pluto! Seme
one Is coming in! Pluto! Pluto! Do not
howl so! ily God! My God! I think my
heart will die!"
Outside In the corridors Anne Is per
suading the unwilling King to the deed of
murder. The King begs postponement,
but Anne urges him to action. The girl
is strangled, but the King goes mad.
In act 5 the penalty of death la inflicted
en th; wicked Queen and the King is
crazed. The play closes with the ravings
of tho King:
King. Th«y will feel cold en the flagstones 1
She cried out "Mamma!" and then "Oh! Ottt
Oh!" 'TU a pity, is it not? A poor little
maid: But 'twas the wind! Oh: never throw
the window* ooen! It must have been the
wind. There were blind vultures In the wind
to-night! Do not let her little hands han«
loose upon the floor. Tou are nearly treading
on her hands. Oh! Oh! . Take care.
Nurse. Come away, come away. Let every
one go to bed. It Is time. Come, come.
King. Yes. help me. I find it a little hard
to walk. • • • I am a poor little old man.
My leas no longer work; but my head is all
right.
Nurse. Come away, my poor lord.
King. My God! My God! She Is waiting
now on the wharves of hell.
Nurse. Come away! Come away!
King. Is there any one hers that fears the
curte of the dead?
Argur Ay, my lord, I do.
King. Well! close their eyes, then, and let
us be gone.
>-*urae. Yes. yea. Come hence! Come henoet
Kins. I come; I come. Oh! Oh! How lone
«hall I b« now! I stand in woe up to my ears.
At 77 years! Where are you now?
Nurse. Here! Here!
King. You will not be angry with me? Let
us go to breakfast. Will there be salad for
breakfast? I should like a little salad.
Nurse. Yes. yes. There will be some.
King. I do not know why. I am a Uttla sad
to-day. My God! My God! How unhappy the
dead look.
In point of characterization the King Is
depicted as old and weak, but not bad at
fceart. Wnen Anna require* the death of
Maleine the King pleads: "Let us not
do It." Anne is dark, domineering and
unscrupulous. Prince HJalmar bas a
"girl's face." dresses in melancholy black
and is reflective and irresolute. H« haunts
the graveyard and Is given to soliloquy,
as In the following sentence: "It rains;
there is a burial in the graveyard. They
have dug two graves, and the dies lraa
ccmes Into the house. There Is not a win
dow but looks out on the graveyard; It
eats Into the very gardens of the castle,
end the last graves come down as far aa
the pond. They are opening the coffin; I
shall close the window." Maleine la beau
tiful and spiritual. Her lover remembers
the "way she had of casting down her
eyes and of holding her hands and her
strange white eyelashes! And her look!
It was as though one were suddenly In a
great pool of fresh water."
Uglyayne Is the creature of her mother
—pretty, green-eyed and vicious. The
Prince said of her: "There la a llttla
kitchen maid's soul at the bottom of her
green eyes." Angus and tha nurse are
faithful companions of HJalmar and
Maleine.
*It will be seen that the general atmos
phere and scop© of the play are sugges
tive of "Macbeth." The weather is the
same In both plays. Crows croak In the
environs of Ysselmonde and flames hover
above the marshes. Anne Is the daring
Lady Macbeth, urging the King to deeds
of crime. The King is the Than* of Caw
dor grown older and more Impotent. Tha
seven nuns Intoning their Miserere recall
tho seven witches in "Macbeth." When
tho King, standing at the open window
after the murder of Maleine. while the
rain Is pouring In, exclaims. ""It Is rain
ing! It Is raining on me! It is pouring on
my head! I wish I were on the lawn! I
wish I were out of doors! It is pourin*
on my head!' It would take all the water
of the flood to baptize me now!" we are
reminded of the effort of Lady Macbeth
to wash away the evidences of crime. But
throughout the play there Is a curious
blending of reminiscence. The King in his
old age and remorse and madness Is sug
gestive of Lear; and when he says at
Anne's death. "Have you any black feath
ers? We should have black feathers to
know If the Queen still lives," and when
Angus remarks at the close of the play,
"Another night like this and all our heads
will be »hlte," the reader is reminded of
the worvs of Lear and Kent In the earlier
play. Anne, on her part, while reminis
cent of Lady Macbeth, calls even more
quickly to mind the Queen of "Cymbe
line." She has the same daring and maj.
cullne mind and domineers over HJalmar
as the Queen over Cymbellne. And for
Cloten and the opposition to the marriage
of Posthumus ana Imogen we have here
Anne's daughter Uglyayne and the denial
of the betrothal between Prince HJalmar
and Princess Maleine. Anne's love of
poisoning la more characteristic of Cym
beline'a Queen than of Lady Macbeth. In
both plays, furthermore, the women are
thwarted by a physician, who substitutes
harmless medicines for the Intended pois
ons. The confessions of the physicians
are almost identical. In lesser parts there
runs a parallelism with other plays of
Shakespeare. The resourceful and active
nurse la the nurse of "Romeo and Juliet."
Maleine herself Is not unlike Juliet in her
girlishness, she being 15 to Juliet's 14.
HJalmar, the Prince, is an attenuated
Hamlet, the very names being here sug
gestive. Like Hamlet, he is Irresolute,
much given to gloom and wears the pale
cast of thought. He has an Horatio in
the guise of Angus. There is further a
grave-digging - scene; a madman . digs
graves every night In the orchard. The
incidents of "Hamlet" are also drawn
upon for the tremendous exits of the fifth
act. As Hamlet convicts his father of
crime by means of a prearranged scene.
so does Prince Hjalmar accuse the King
by causing strange noises and speaking of
fearsome things, displaying tapestries of
•The Slaughter of the Innocents" and
"The Last Judgment," until the Kin;?
cries out, "This has been done purposely!"
The nuns are heard singing the litanies
of the Blessed Virgin, and suddenly a
light from a stalned-glasa window Illum
ines the room and floods the King and
Anne. Then HJalmar cries out again:
"Who arranged all this? There Is some
one who knows all." The murdered Ma
leine recalls also the luckless Ophelia of
the former play.
In the matter cf construction Maeter
linck, departing from his usual custom In
this respect, follows in this play the
Shakespearean formulas. Five acts form
the norm of dramatic construction. An
Intrigue develops through the first act. a
counteraction being established In the sec
ond act. when Maleine dissuades ITgly
ayne from meeting the Prince and taking
up the cue herself. It is a play full of
weird scenes and dreadful terrors. Neme
sis performs the same part as on the
Shakespearean stage. Ethical harmony Is
restored to the kingdom by the principle
of retribution. In this one play Maeter
linck has been schooled by other centu
ries, adding, however, dramatic effects* pe
culiar to himself and to the modern stage.
The effect of the play as a whole is cumu
lative and represents the experience of
three centuries In highly subtleized form.
O3CAR 1* TRIGGS.
University of Chicago.
Christmas Picture Frames.
It Is now rather late to have nice frames
road** to order for Christmas, but we hairs
prepared for this difficulty by Importing?
a large lot of very artistic and original
designs In ready-made frames for por
traits and regular sizes of pictures gen
erally, .which we can have ready for de
livery at one. day's notice. Sanbora, Vail
& Co., 7il Market ¦treat, *
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
THIRTY SHAKESPEARE EVENINGS,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 20, 1900.
Every Vessel Making Port Reports Heavy
Weather From Flattery to Reyes. .
NEWS OF OVERDUE FLEET
BEING ANXIOUSLY SOUGHT
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
MAETERLINCK, THE "BELGIAN SHAKESPEARE"
9
UJV X » ±SE4\
Sun rises
Bun sets .-
Moon rises ....
.... 7:
4:
5:57 a. u
O Time
• L W
20 ... 8:18 3.1
21 ... 4:08 3.2
H W
23 ... 0:33 4.6
23 ... 1:14 4.8
24 ... 1:50 5.0
25 ... 2:29 5.1
28 ... 8:07 6.2
Time
Ft.
H.W[.
9:29 E.8
10:05 5.9
L W
4:62 3.2
6:40 3.1
6:33 8.0
7:29 -2.S
8:31 8.E
Time I Time
Ft. Ft.
L W H W
4:39 -0.6 11:68 ' 4.3
5:18—0.7
H W L. W
10:43 5.9 5:55-0.8
11:33 6.8 6:32-0.7
1J:22 6.6 7:13 -0.4
1:17 5.3 7:55—0.1
3:13 4.9 8:40 0.4
ler.
Argro Coqullle Riv.. Dec. 20, 10 am Pier —
Mandalay . Coqullle Riv.. Dec. 20. 10' am Pier 3
G. W. Elder Portland...... Dec. 20, 11 am Pier 24
C. Nelson... Seattle &Taco Dec. 21, Pier 2
North Fork Humboldt Dec. 21. 9 am Pier 2
Corona .... Newport Dec. 21. 9 am Pier 11
Samoa Humboldt Deo. 22, 10 am Pier 3
Empire .... Coos Bay Dec 22. 12 m Pier 13
Coptic China & Japan Dec 22, 1 pm PMSS
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Dec 22, -2 pm Pier 2
Umatilla .. VJc & Pgt Sd. Dec. 22, 11 am Pier 9
Eureka Humboldt Dec. 22, 9 am Pier 12
Rainier Seat&N.Wha Deo. 22. 5 pm Pier 2
Santa Rosa San Diego .... Dec. 23. 9 am Pier 11
Nome City. Seattle Dec 23. 10 am Pier 20
Fulton Astorla&Ptld. Dec. 23, 10 am Pier 20
Neko ... Hambgr&Way Dec. 23. .. Pier 27
Npwburff .. Orays Harbor Dec. 24. ..'.... Pier !
Pomona ... Humboldt Dec 34, 2 pm Pier 9
Rival "Wlllapa Har.. Dec. 24* pier 2
O. Dollar... Gray a Harbor Dec. 24, ...... Pier 2
Columbia .. Portland.. Dec. 24. 11 am Pier 24
R. Dollar... Seattle& Taco Dec 25,' Pier —
Bonlta .¦>.. Newport....... Deo. 23, 9 am Pier 11
Arcata ..... Coos Bay Dec. 25, 12 m Pier 13
Zealandla . Honolulu Dec. 28, .8 pm Pier 7
Queen San Diego.... Dec 28. 9 am Pier 11
rom.
>ue.
Crescent City..
Santa Rosa- ....
Point Arena...
Eureka
Del Norto ......
Colon
Newburt .".
Zcalandia ......
Columbia ......
Rival*...........
Grace Dollar...
Fulton
Empire WfSlfXZl
Victoria
San Bios...:....
Robert Dollar..
America Mara.
Pomona
Arcata .V.;~...^
Senator ........
Queen
Eonita
Alameda
Washtenaw....
G.'.W. Elder ...
CoronaT.......:.j
Mexico .........
Crescent Clty.. - . ;
San Diego
Point Arena. .............
Humboldt ..7.. .'.". . . ... .
Portland and Coos Bay.
Panama & Way Ports...
CJrays Harbor... .'.
Honolulu
Portland
Wlllapa Harbor...
Grars Harbor..
Portland and Astoria.'..'
Coos Bay
Oyster Harbor
N'analmo
Seattle........... '..'...
China and Japan
Humboldt ....*....
Coos Bay .................
Victoria & Puget 8ound
San Diego..
Newport.......:........:..
Sydney and Way Ports.
Tacoma.......
Portland.......'.*....
Newport.
Mexican Ports.'..'........
Mexican Ports;
Humboldt ................
Deo. 20
Dec. 2C
Dec 2C
Dec. 2f
I Deo. 21
I Dec. 21
iDec. 21
Dec. 21
Df c. 21
Dec. 21
Dec. 21
Dec. 21
Dec. 21
Dec. Z
Dec 22
Dec K
Dec. 25
Deo. *J
Dec. M
Dec. 23
Dec. 23
Dec. 23
Dec. 24
Dec 24
Dec. 2fi
Dec. 2?
Dec. 26
Dec. n
Dec. 2J
Curacao ......:.
North Fork....!
UJV X » ±SE4\
Sun rises
Bun sets .-
Moon rises ....
.... 7:
4:
5:57 a. u
O Time
• L W
20 ... 8:18 3.1
21 ... 4:08 3.2
H W
23 ... 0:33 4.6
23 ... 1:14 4.8
24 ... 1:50 5.0
25 ... 2:29 5.1
28 ... 8:07 6.2
Time
Ft.
H.W[.
9:29 E.8
10:05 5.9
L W
4:62 3.2
6:40 3.1
6:33 8.0
7:29 -2.S
8:31 8.E
Time I Time
Ft. Ft.
L W H W
4:39 -0.6 11:68 ' 4.3
5:18—0.7
H W L. W
10:43 5.9 5:55-0.8
11:33 6.8 6:32-0.7
1J:22 6.6 7:13 -0.4
1:17 5.3 7:55—0.1
3:13 4.9 8:40 0.4
ler.
Argro Coqullle Riv.. Dec. 20, 10 am Pier —
Mandalay . Coqullle Riv.. Dec. 20. 10' am Pier 3
G. W. Elder Portland...... Dec. 20, 11 am Pier 24
C. Nelson... Seattle &Taco Dec. 21, Pier 2
North Fork Humboldt Dec. 21. 9 am Pier 2
Corona .... Newport Dec. 21. 9 am Pier 11
Samoa Humboldt Deo. 22, 10 am Pier 3
Empire .... Coos Bay Dec 22. 12 m Pier 13
Coptic China & Japan Dec 22, 1 pm PMSS
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Dec 22, -2 pm Pier 2
Umatilla .. VJc & Pgt Sd. Dec. 22, 11 am Pier 9
Eureka Humboldt Dec. 22, 9 am Pier 12
Rainier Seat&N.Wha Deo. 22. 5 pm Pier 2
Santa Rosa San Diego .... Dec. 23. 9 am Pier 11
Nome City. Seattle Dec 23. 10 am Pier 20
Fulton Astorla&Ptld. Dec. 23, 10 am Pier 20
Neko ... Hambgr&Way Dec. 23. .. Pier 27
Npwburff .. Orays Harbor Dec. 24. ..'.... Pier !
Pomona ... Humboldt Dec 34, 2 pm Pier 9
Rival "Wlllapa Har.. Dec. 24* pier 2
O. Dollar... Gray a Harbor Dec. 24, ...... Pier 2
Columbia .. Portland.. Dec. 24. 11 am Pier 24
R. Dollar... Seattle& Taco Dec 25,' Pier —
Bonlta .¦>.. Newport....... Deo. 23, 9 am Pier 11
Arcata ..... Coos Bay Dec. 25, 12 m Pier 13
Zealandla . Honolulu Dec. 28, .8 pm Pier 7
Queen San Diego.... Dec 28. 9 am Pier 11
rom.
>ue.
Crescent City..
Santa Rosa- ....
Point Arena...
Eureka
Del Norto ......
Colon
Newburt .".
Zcalandia ......
Columbia ......
Rival*...........
Grace Dollar...
Fulton
Empire WfSlfXZl
Victoria
San Bios...:....
Robert Dollar..
America Mara.
Pomona
Arcata .V.;~...^
Senator ........
Queen
Eonita
Alameda
Washtenaw....
G.'.W. Elder ...
CoronaT.......:.j
Mexico .........
Crescent Clty.. - . ;
San Diego
Point Arena. .............
Humboldt ..7.. .'.". . . ... .
Portland and Coos Bay.
Panama & Way Ports...
CJrays Harbor... .'.
Honolulu
Portland
Wlllapa Harbor...
Grars Harbor..
Portland and Astoria.'..'
Coos Bay
Oyster Harbor
N'analmo
Seattle........... '..'...
China and Japan
Humboldt ....*....
Coos Bay .................
Victoria & Puget 8ound
San Diego..
Newport.......:........:..
Sydney and Way Ports.
Tacoma.......
Portland.......'.*....
Newport.
Mexican Ports.'..'........
Mexican Ports;
Humboldt ................
Deo. 20
Dec. 2C
Dec 2C
Dec. 2f
I Deo. 21
I Dec. 21
iDec. 21
Dec. 21
Df c. 21
Dec. 21
Dec. 21
Dec. 21
Dec. 21
Dec. Z
Dec 22
Dec K
Dec. 25
Deo. *J
Dec. M
Dec. 23
Dec. 23
Dec. 23
Dec. 24
Dec 24
Dec. 2fi
Dec. 2?
Dec. 26
Dec. n
Dec. 2J
Curacao ......:.
North Fork....!
CHILDREN'S HOSPITAL
SILVER
JUBILEE!
DONATION DAYS:
December 20th,
December 21st,
December 22d,
December 24th.
Donations of money and
supplies of all kinds thank-
fully received
At 227 SITTER STREET
(Coulter's Rattan Workr.)
ADVERTISEMENTS.
POINTS OF EXCELLENCE
A Few Reasons Which Ax© E&pidly
Maying a New Catarrh Care
Famous.
Btuart'e Catarrh Tablets., the new Ca-
tarrh cure, has the following advantages
over other catarrh remedies:
First: These tablets contain no cocaine,
morphine or any other injurious drug and
tre a? safe and beneficial for children as
for adults; this !s an important point when
it is recalled that many catarrh remedies
<5o contain these very objectionable Ingre-
dients.
Next: Being In tablet form this remedy
does not deteriorate with age. or an ex-
jinFure to th«» air as liquid preparations in-
variably do.
Next: The tablet form not only pre-
f« rves the medirinaJ properties but it Is
ro far mere convenient to carry and to
u.«*» at any tinr* that it Is only a question I
of tim* wh*>n \he tablet will entirely su-
persede liquid medicines, as it has already
done in th* medical department of the
United States army.
Next: No secret is made of the cdmpo-
ritlon of Stuart's Catarrh Tablet!"; they
contain the active principle of Eucalyptus
bark, red gnm. blood root and Hydrastin.
ell harmless Jj.itiseptics which, however.
z.r* dc-ath to catarrhal germs wherever
found, tiecause they eliminate them from
the blood.
Next: You can not cure catarrh by lo-
cal applications to the nose and throat,
because these are simply local symptoms
end such treatment can not possibly reach
the real seat of catarrhal disease, which
Is the blood; fcr this reason, inhalers,
<3<iuchep. eprays and powders never really
cure catarrh, but eimply give temporary
relief which a dnse of plain salt and water
will do Just as well. ¦
Catarrh must be driven out of the sys-
tem, out of the blood, by an Internal rem-
edy because an Internal remedy Is the only
kind which can be assimilated Into the
blood.
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets do this better
than the old form of treatment because
they contain every safe specific known to
modern science In the antiseptic treatment
of the disease.
Next: The use of Inhalers and epraying
epparatufes, besides being- ineffective and
is expensive, while a com-
f!ete treatment of Stuart's Catarrh Tab-
els can be had at any drug etore in the
Cnlted States and Canada for 50 cents.
STATEMENT
— OF THE — •
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
¦ — or the —
to M Plate Bless
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF MT!f YORK. IX THE STATE OF" NTTW
York, on the 2l5t day of December, A. 1>.
1S33 ar.sJ ror the year endlar on that day. n* '
jr.afie to the Insurance Commissioner ot the
f late of California, pursuant to the provision!
cf Sections €10 and «11 of the Politic*! Cods,
c-oni3en»«6 as per blank furnished by the Com-
n:s»ioner:
CAPTTAIi.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Ca«h .nOQ.OOO 00
ASSETS.
Jjnans on Bonds ana Mortjr&ees 2,500 00
ftrh Maslcet Value of all Btock* and
Sonfi* cwr*<5 by Company S44.SO0 00
Cash In Company's Office 1.1S5 9S
Ca*h la Bank* " J,S78 n
J'remlums in <Su» Courae of Collection. 27,734 S3
Plete Gl&fs on hand M 5.U4 84
Total Aeaets ,S3»0.T5» 44
LIABILITIES. ~ -—
Jjnenem In procesa of Adjustment or la
feutptDM '. $4,011 7>
Gro*« pirtrJumi on Risks runninc on«
year or lesa. f ; reinsurance
U> per cent 112.154 67
Cesh dividend* remaining unpaid 6.000 00
Xnie and accrued for salariea, rent.
etc <tt 2*
Return premiums i,iC2 75
Total LdaoniUes .Uil.ili 81
INCOME.
Net etch actually received for pre-
mium* f217,CSt 23
r.pce!v*4 for Interest and dividends on
Bcnde, Stocks, Loans and from all
i-ther sources U.DS3 28
Ji*-celved for profit on sale of securi-
ties 4,076 2S
Total Inccrae. .... .tgS.SU 75
EXPEN D1UTJ KES.
?C*t amnont paid for Losses flOS.867 64
Dividends to Stockholders 10,030 00
J> i or allow-f-d for Commission or
l'-r- k<TJLr«r „. 69.1S6 St
J'ai'i Tor Ealarlea, PVes and other
charjres. for Officers, clerks, etc 24.4SJ 23
Paid for State, National and Local
Taxe* i.Ml 85
All other pormenta and expenditures.. 21.921 IS
Total Expenditures..... 2341.080 60
MAX DAiCZIGER, President.
« MAJ. A. WHITE. Secretary.
I Subscribed and ¦ f worn to before me this 21st
Vay of January. 1900.
F. P1SHBECK. Notary Public.
J. D. MAXWELLCO. General Agent
X. E. JANES, Asst. General Agent,
421 California St., San FranciscoLOCAL MARKETS.
JflSW YORK. Dec. ».— Conditions . In i , the
metal trade were . somewhat . nervous ~ to-day.
Tin at London reported a 1 new. market, 'with
prices £3 higher, at J £115. ¦ The local situation,
however, though 60 points higher r in; sympathy
with the advancs abroad, waa rather Inactive,
as buyers seem to think prevailing : rates still
too mrh In view of the bearish ' statistical po-
Nrju York Metal Market
NEW YORK. Dec. IS.— On the opening call
prices worked up 8@9 points on- fairly active
covering and foreign support, which originated
in much better cables from Liverpool and Man
chester than was expected. Toward midday
a setback occurred and prices fell to yester
day's closing under active profit taking, . the
Incentive of which was a report that spot cot
ton South was easier under - heavy receipts.
The market cloeed Quiet, with prices J points
higher to E point* • lower. <
New York Cotton . Market
LIVERPOOL.
"Wheat— Feb. Mar.
Opening 5 11% 6 00
Closing 6 11% 6 00
PARIS.
Wheat— i Dec. Mar. -June.
Opening 20 10 21 SO
Closing 20 05 1180
Flour—
Opening 26 00 27 25 .
Closing 25 95 27 JO
Foreign Futures.
NEW TORK. Dec. 1J.— There was no ap
rrec'.able letup In the furious activity In the
Stock market to-day or In the exceedingly
broad ar.d varied trading. A quick market
vae offered fcr almoet any volume of stocks
and very notable strength continued at various
points ia the list, but the burden of the proflt
takisg eales proved rather heavier than for
t rr.e time past and made more general Inroad
upon prices. The market fairly turned re
actionary throughout at one time under the
Influence of Ecrr_e rather violent breaks In spe
c'al stocks. Tin Plate was the most effec
tive of these when lt suddenly dumped 2%
tfter a show of early strength. A drop oZ
14 points in New York Air Brake waa lmpres
e;ve in Its way. but had little effect on the
market. The reactionary tendency of the
;::.:¦ r Vanderbllts developed that speculators
had been taking rather too sanguine a view of
poepible readjustments of securities of these
companies. Cleveland. Cincinnati. Chicago and
M. Louis and the New York. Chicago and St.
Louis stocks fell back heavily, although some
wer.t up briskly in the morning. An effort was
made to reclaim the bull position In the final
hour by eudaen advances la Northern Paciflo.
tjugar, Illinois Central, General Electric, Chi
cago Terminal Transfer and the Wisconsin
Central stocks. The advances In those above
tbe low point ran from 2 to 6% points. Prices
did stiffen In sympathy, but the speculative
enthusiasm was not fully renewed and the
market closed very feverish and unsettled
¦with a point or more lost of some of these sud
den gains. Even the Erie stocks, which have
been the real backbone for some days, cant
to a pause to-day, and the first preferred, after
rl«lr-« 2%, reacted 1%,, with a final fractional
rally. There have been such reactions from
tep rrlefs many times before In the present
movement of stocks, and the real lack In to
day*» market Menu to be that the new stocks
¦w-Mca are available to be rushed np were
euEtalning forces In the market. Pretty much
the whole list has been exploited In the course
of the present speculation. The character of
the market, otherwise than In theae particulars
v-tLS not materially changed. Professional
operator* are constantly on the lookout to take
the bear side of the market with the culmina
tion of the rise and they sold freely on the
t hort side to-day as they have done for several
<l*.y» pa«t, but tbe-y also covered Iax«ely before
the close. The demands of tbe speculation upon
the money market have made no lmpresElon
jet upon money rates, a development which
¦would prove an effectual check upon exhaustive
ep*cula.tlon.
The bond market was active and strong
Total sales, par value, $5,260,000.
United Btates refunding 2s advanced % and
new 4s declined % per cent on tbe last call.
An Incident of the very active business In
tb* Mock maxket la the high prices asked for
membership on the Stock Exchange. To-day
812,000 was bid for a seat on the Ex-Chan*"
comjajred with a sale yesterday at $50,000
which was the record price.
STEW TORK STOCK TJfiT
Brian* Clcslnr
Sola. Btock»- " Bid
£1,800 Atchlsoa - 42H
22,600 AtehlBon prefd f,s£
4,100 Baltimore A Ohio _. »i
Ce-nadlaa Pacific ..................... £7^1
Canafla Southern „. jgS
2,700 Cheeapeake & Ohio 3914
17.600 Chlcapo Great Western K%
8.200 Chicago Burlington & Qulncy US'A
lfr.200 Chicago Ind A Louisville 27
7,100 Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd 62V
L600 Ch!ca*-o & Eastern Illinois 84%
100 Chicago & Northwestern kj
400 Chicago Rock Itland & Pacific 117%
10.1*0 CCC4 8t Louis TH4
S.700 Colorado Southern i
4.200 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 44%
2,WK> Colorado Southern 2d prefd 17\
€00 De-lEware & Hudson .120%
LM0 D*J\ware Lack & Western ig9
300 Denver A Rio Orande 2C\
2.K* Reaver A Rio Grande prefd -#M 1< ;
8.S0O Erie — 23"»
to.KKT Erie 1st prefd ~ M%
lUOO Great Northern prefd S8
«00 Hocking Coal — 14%
200 Hocking Valley —,—..- 4\M
1,000 Illinois Central 28%
lows, Ceatral ...~ — ................. 30%
New York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
30@50c for,; River ; and ; $1«5'1 20 per ctl < for Sa
linas and 60(ff9Oc ? for f Oregon ; : Sweets, 40&60c
for- River and 90c for Merced. .-...
; ONIONS— tl 60® 1 85 per ctl; . Cut" Onions. $1
@1 25 per ctl. ,-, •,--' • " •
VEGETABLES^-Oreen Peas, 8#10e per 'lb;
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 82
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 85%
Sterling Cables — . 4 8«%
New York Exchange, sight — ;ji.<-I-- 5 .
New York Exchange, telegraphlo — 7Vi
"¦^ine Silver, per ounce — u 84
Mexican Dollars, nominal 50% @ 51
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— The foreign markets continued
dull and Paris was lower.
Chicago was slugcrish and the market waa
small. The traders sold. Long Wheat con
tinued to come out. The market is expected
to be of a holiday character during the- re
mainder of the week. Toward the close of
the session the market became firmer on more
bullish cablee from the Argentine, Snow
cabling that rains were interfering with the
harvest. This information started the shorts
to covering and the market turned firmer.
The local market was neglected and not
materially changed.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, S6%c; milling $1@1 02%
per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Ssssion— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— May— 2000 ctls,
$1 0S%; 14,000. U 03%.
Afternoon Session — No sales. »
BARLEY— The market stands" the same as
before quoted, being firm with a very fair
demand. • '
Feed, 75c for choice bright, 72%c for No. 1 and
67%@70c for oft grades; Brewing and Shipping
grades, 77%(582%c; Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALE&
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session— May— 2000 ctls, 72%c: 2000,
72%c; 12.000, 72&c; December (1901)-6000. 71%c.
OATS— Previous conditions, prevail. White,
Jl 30<grl 60; Surprise, nominal; Red. $1 25@1 40
for feed and $1 35£pl 45 for seed; Gray, nominal;
Black, for feed, $1 15®1 20; for seed, $1 25® 1 30
per ctl. ¦
CORN — Quotations continue to shade off. as
offerings are steadily increasing and the de
mand Is light. Yellow. . ?1 15; White, $110;
Eastern mixed. $1 12% per ctl.
RYE— S5@S"%c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 76®2 per ctL .
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California Family , Extras. $3 25
<i?3 50, usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $3 15@3 25;
Oregon. $2 75<jj2 85 per barrel for family and
$2 75@3 for bakers'; Washington, bakers', $2 75
@3.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are ' as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade; • Graham
Flour, ?3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; -'Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal, $2 75;
extra cream do. ,$3 50; Oat Groats, $4 50; Hom
iny, $3 5C@3 75; ; Buckwheat Flour. . $4@4 25;
Cracked Wheat. $3 60: Farina, S4 50: Whole
Wheat Flour, %3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels). $6»
7 25; in sacks, $5 75@7; Pearl Barley, $3; Split
Peae, J5; Green Peas, $5 60 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
All descriptions under . this . head stand as
before.
BRAN— $14 30@a5 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $18 R0@19 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS-Rolled - Barley, $16@17 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $25026; Jobbing,
$26 50; Cocoanut Cake. $17@18; Corn Meal. $26®
26 50; Cracked Corn. $26 50@27; Mixed Feed. $1S
@16.
¦ HAY— Volunteer, $5®3; Wheat, $11@13 50;
Wheat and Oat, $10@12 50; Oat, $9@12; Clover,
nominal; Alfalfa, $8@9 50; Barley, , $7 50@9 SO
STRAW— 35®47%c per bale.
Beans, and. Seeds.
There has been a deal In Pinks, In which
a transfer of 10,000 sks Is reported on the street.
This variety is quoted lower and weak, 1 while
the ethers stand about as before.
; BEANS— Bayos, $2 50®2 75; Small White.
$4 35@4 £0; Large White. $3 35@<3 65; Pink, $1 75
62; Red, $2 75@3; Blackeye, $3; LJmas. $5 35®
6 40; Pea, $4 2504 50; Red Kidney, $3 75@4 per
ctl. ..-¦--..-.-.,. -. . ,
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal: Flax, $2 50@2 75; Canary,
3%c per lb . for . California and 4c • for Eastern;
Alfalfa, 7%<&9%c; Rape; 2%@3c; Hemp, 4@4&c;
Timothy, 4©4%c. • ¦-.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $2@2 50; Green, $2 70
@3 per ctl; Blackeye, nominal.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
There '1b a disposition to hold Potatoes some
what steadier, though ¦ arrivals are still : large.
Onions are ' about ' as before. ' /
Receipts of Los" Angeles Vegetables' were light'
and prices were generally higher. -String Beans
were specially etlff. sales being made as high
ebITHc per lb. ¦."¦.-¦ "..'¦•
• POTATOES— River Reds,. 70@80c; Burbanks.
CHICAGO. Dec 19.— Figures which later
proved to be incorrect, but which before the
mistake was corrected made Minneapolis re
ceipts dlscouraglngly heavy, together with the
prospective increase of Northwest stocks, gave
the wheat market a push downward at the
start. May opened unchanged to He lower at
72H@72V4c and soon sold off to 72»4c. Early
Argentine news, too, was rather bearish, and
when bullish news from the same quarter was
received and Minneapolis figures were oor
rected, making receipts at that point 282 cars
Instead of 471. shorts began bidding. A private
Argentine cable declared that rain, was inter
fering with harvesting and a Hamburg wire
said the Intimated Argentine surplus of- 40.000,
000 bushels was seven pounds short weight per
bushel. A ¦ better cash demand was reported
and as this was in line with the fact that this
market has reached an export basis with
Liverpool, the advance begun by the covering
of shorts was continued with the result that
; the market closed firm at the best price of
the day. May closed over yesterday at
72%@73o.
• Interest in corn was centered in the Janu
ary delivery, but at that the market was a
! dull and narrow one, with little business done.
January was strong and December steady be
cause the receipts, 437 cars, contained no con
tract corn. May was steady In sympathy.
May closed unchanged at 36V4C January Vi@Vic
up at 37c, and December Uc up at 4V/ t c.
Oats were, as usual, extremely dull. May
closed a shade lower at 23HS23%c.
Provisions were strong and fairly active
Hog receipts \rece smaller than had been ex
pected and there was a good cash demand.
January pork closed 17H@20c higher, lard 6c
up and ribs 7^c better.
There will be no session of the Board of
Trade from December 22 to December 26. v
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close
Wheat No. 2—
December 69H 69% 69% 69%
January 70 70V4 69V6 7014 i
May 72H 73 . 7254 73
Corn No. 2— •
December 40% 41% 40% 41U
January 86% 87% 36% 87
May 86£ 86% 38 36%
Oats No. 8— -¦'•- .
December 21%
January 21% 21% 21% 21%
May 23% 23% 23.% 23%
Mess Pork, per barrel —
January 12 15 13 27% 12 15 12 27%
May 12 02% 12 15 12 02% 12 12%
Lard per 100 pounds-
December 7 15 7 20 7 15 7 17%
January 6 82% 6 87% 8 82% 6 S7%
May 6 90 6 95 6 87% 6 92%
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds —
January 6 25 6 32% 6 25 6 30
May .6 32% 8 37% 6 30 6 37%
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, dull and easy; No. 3 spring wheat.
66%@70%c; No. 2 red. 71@74c; No. 2 corn, 40%c;
No. 2 yellow, 40%c: No. 2 oats, 22V«@22%c: No.
2 whlte^ 25@26%c; No. 3 white. 25@25%c; No. 2
rye, 48Jf5Oc; fair to choice malting barley. 52@
E8c; No. 1 flax seed, 11 60®l 60%; No. 1 North
western, Jl 61; prime timothy seed, $4 40; mess
pork, per barrel, $11 12%@11 25; lard, per 100
pounds, $7 l£Hg;7 15; short ribs Fides (loose), $6 25
«?6 50; dry salted shoulders (boxed), 5%@6%c;
ehort clear sides (boxed), $6 65(56 75; whisky,
basis of hlch wines. $1 27; clover, - contract
grade, $10@10 25.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 56.000, 27.000
Wheat, bushels 219,000 20,000
Corn, bushels ..650,000 . 159,000
Oats, bushels 407,000 136.000
Jlye, bushels 5,000 10,000
Barley, bushels 77.000 10,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
: market was dull. Creamery, . lu@34c; Dairy,
13#20c. Cheese, quiet, 10% @ll»4c Eggs, quiet;
• fresh, 22c
O20th Meridian— Paciflo Time.)
SAX FRANCISCO. Dec 1>— 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date es compared with those of eame date last
season, and rainfall In last twenty-four hours:
Baa Francisco data: Maximum temperature
CC, Eildniusi £2, rn»ftH U.
WEATHER COXDITIOKS AXD GENERAL
FORECAST.
A storm cf considerable energy lies off the
c ifi of Washington and will probably have a
southerly extension as far as San Francisco.
The pressure at Neaii Bay la 2S.64 Inches an!
the barocictrlc gradients over Washington and
Oregon are relatively steep. During the past
twelve hours there has been a fall of more th&a
one-tenth of an inch from the mouth of the
Columbia nerthward. Southwest storm warn
ir.FS are displayed at Astoria.
The temperature continues high over the Pa
ciSc Elope. Rain has fallea over Oregon and
Washington. t
Kureoast mad* s.t San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, December 20:
Northern California — Cloudy, unsettled
¦wecther Thursday, with showers on the coast
from San FrancUoo northward; fresh south
easterly winds.
Southern Call forda-— Fair Thursday; light
Nevada— Clcrudy Thursday.
X*tah— ClouiJy Thxir*<Ss.y.
Arizona — Cloudy Thursday.
Ban Francisoo aad vicinity — Cloudy, unsettled
weather Thursday, with occasional light show
ers; fresh southeast winds.
ALEXAXDEIl G. McADIE.
Chicago Grain and Produce.
NEW TORK. Deo. 19.— FLOUR—Recelpts,
16.600 barrels; exports, 12,670 barrels. Quiet,
but steady.
WHEAT-Receipts, 65,675 bushels; exports.
78,798 bushels: spot. firm. No. 2 red. 77%c f.
o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, 76%o elevator; No. 1
Northern Duluth. 8S%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
hard Duluth. 87%o f. o. b. afloat. Options w«e
weak for a time under easier English cables
and realizing, but after midday became
stronger on adverse Argentine crop news,
fcmaller Northwestern receipts than at first re
ported, higher Continental cables, local cover
ing, fair clearances and export talk. Closed
firm at %c net advance. March, 78*4(g'73«c
closed J9%c; May, 78 7-16@7S%c. closed 78%c;
December. 76H@77e, closed 77c.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL-Qulet.
HOPS— Steady.
SUGAR— Raw. quiet, but steady. Refined,
quiet.
COFFEE— 8pot weak; No. 7 Invoice. 6%o;
mild, quiet; Cordova, 9%@12%c; futures, closed
steady, with prices 10@20 points net lower.
Total eales, 69,500 bags, including: December
6 40c; January. 5.35@6.43c; March. 6.50@6.60c;
May. 5.65@o.75c; July, E.70@5.80c; August. 5.75c;
September. 5.80@585c; October, 5.80@3.86c
BUTTER-Recelpts. .6396 packages; weak,
but unchanged. £"7.
EGGS— Receipts. 6078 packages: quiet. West
ern regular packing, at mark, 20@24c; Western,
loss off. 26o.
1 DRIED FRUITS.
The market f cr evaporated apples ruled quiet
but was firmly held on desirable grade* owing
to an absence of sellers. State common was
quoted at 435c; prime, 4%@6%c; choice, 6%©6c,
and fancy, e^c.
California dried fruits were Inactive, but
PRUNES— Quoted 8%@8%c.
' APRICOTS— Royal. ll@14c; Moorpark. 15016c.
PEACHES— Peeled, 16@20o; unpeeled, 6<g9c
100 Iowa Central prefd 45
200 Kansas City Pittsburg A Gulf —
....... Lake Erie & Western 49
6,100 Lake Erie & Western prefd 114
Lake Shore £25
6.S0O Louisville & Nashville 85«4
!Ci,000 Manhattan L 113
4.600 Metropolitan Street Railway 17S\i
4,100 Mexican Central u\
S00 Minneapolis & St Louis.. w 68
100 Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 103H
22.&00 Missouri Pacific (3%
300 Mobile & Ohio 44>4
lr, 700 Missouri Kansas & Texas 16H
2.C00 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd.... 42\i
400 New Jersey Central 14U4
9.4J0 New 1'ork Central U2>4
S3.000 Norfolk & Western 44H
200 Norfolk & "Western prefd 81V4
6fc,100 Northern Pacific 78H
l?,S0O Northern Pacific prefd 87^4
37.000 Ontario & Western 29
Oregon Railway & Nav 41
Oregon Railway & Nav prefd _ 76
17,400 Pennsylvania I48v»
40.203 Reading 25ft
64,100 Reading 1st prefd e9»i
26,300 Reading 2d prefd 37
Rio Grande Western 65
Rio Grande Western prefd 84
«,100 6t Louis & San Fran 22H
400 St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 76H
4,000 Pt Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 64%
4.000 St Louis Southwestern 16H
7.S00 Et Lcuis Southwestern prefd 40\i
29.900 Bt Paul I3l£
' S00 St Paul prefd 151
St Paul & Omaha. 124
l&.tOO Southern Paciflo 4J»4
E7.0C0 Southern Railway 21«»
15.100 Southern Railway prefd 71
9.S0O Texas &. Pacific 22
81.tOO Union Pacific 75H
8.900 Union Pacific prefd iZS
6.00S Wabash 12%
11.600 Wabaeh prefd 25H
1S.S00 Wheeling & Lake Erie 12H
6.800 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd 30»4
16.100 Wisconsin Central 18%
100 Third Avenue .- 117**
2,000 Baltimore & Ohio 65
2,200 National Tube 62%
L900 National Tube prefd ., 103
Express Companies —
Adams 150
100 American 176
United State* p4
~ Wells Fargo „ I3«
Miscellaneous—
1.000 American Cotton Oil S1H
American Cotton Oil prefd 90
100 American Malting 5
200 American Malting prefd 25
12.S00 American Smelting & Refining 66%
S.100 American Smelting & Ref prefd.... 97%
American Spirits 2
American Spirits prefd 17
7.400 American Steel Hoop 81
1,400 American Steel & Hoop prefd 77
».7f>0 American Steel & Wire 43H
7.100 American Ste«l & Wire prefd 87
19.500 American Tin Plate B3V4
400 American Tin Plate prefd 83*i
C3.000 American Tobacco 11H
tCO American Tobacco rrefd....... 130
2.900 Anaconda Mining Co 45%
7,700 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 7SH
3.300 Colorado Fuel & Iron 63%
84,700 Continental Tobacco 89%
4,100 Continental Tobacco prefd 92»/4
£0.000 Federal Steel 63Vi
1.S00 Federal Steel prefd. „ 78%
2,700 General Electric 179
2.&C0 Glucose 6ugar 49%
100 Glucose Sugar prefd 88%
1.100 International Paner 24
600 International Paper prefd 73%
Laclede Gas 71
l.*X> National Biscuit 88%
100 National Biscuit prefd P1V4
£00 National Lead 20%
National Lead prefd S33*
13,200 National Steel 40%
400 National Steel prefd 92%
CCO New Tork Air Brake 162
E.4&0 North American 19%
Pacific Coast 69
Pacific Coast 1st prefd 88 •
Pacific Coaet Id prefd 66
1.000 Pacific Mall 42
9.200 People's Ga* 99
1.200 Pressed Steel Car 61
1,600 Pressed Steel Car prefd 82,'
700 Pullman Palace Car BOif
Standard Roi«e & Twine 6%
115.700 Sugar 130%
300 Sugar prefd 115%
E.fiOO Tennessee Coal & Iron *. 63%
6.400 United Btates Leather 14
L200 United States Leather prefd 75%
8.000 United States Rubber 29
1.0<X) United States Rubber prefd 81%
2,200 Western Union 85%
3.SO0 Republlo Iron & Steel Co 16%
1,200 Republlo Iron & Steel Co prefd.... 64
.... . P C C & St Louis E8
9,700 Amalgmaied Copper ................. 94
1,414,700 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s ref reg 1C5 IN T Central lsts,.110
U S 2s ref coup.. .106% N J Cent gen £a,..12$%
U88i reg 110 N Pacific 3s 71%
U 6 2s coup 110 N Pacific 4s 103%
U B new 4s reg.. ..138% N Y C & St L 4s. .108%
U S new 4s coup. .138% N & W con 4s i99%
U S old 4s reg 116% Or Nav lsts Ill'
V 6 old 4s coup.. .116 Or Nav 4s 102%
U S 6s reg 113% Or Short Line 6s..l29%
U 8 6s coup 118% Or S Line con 6S..118
Dist of Col 3.e5s...l24% Reading Gen 4s... 93%
Atchlson gen 4s 102%|R G Western lcts.101
Atchison adj 4s 8S%iSt L &. I M con Es. 118%
Canada So 2ds 108%'St L & 8 F gen 6s. 123%
Ches & Ohio 4%s..lO4 6t Paul cons 1S1
Ches & Ohio 6s.... 121 6t P C & P lsts.. .120%
C & NW con 7s.... 189% St P C & P 5s 122%
C & NW SF*eb 5s. 121% So Pacific 4s 82%
Chfro Terminal 4s. 84% 60 Railway Es.....ll4%
Colo Southern 4s... (D Stand R & T 6s... 70
D & R O 4s.. ......101% Tex & Pac lsts.. ..114
Erie General 4s.... 85% Tex & Pac 2ds 85
F W & D C 1»U™ 80% Union Pacific" 4s... 107%
Oon Electric Cs 145 'Wabaah lsts 117%
Iowa Ontral lsts.115%1 Wabash 2ds 108
L & N Unl 4s 101% West Shore 4s 116
M K & T 2ds 75% Wis Cent lsts 90%
M K & T 4s 94'i'.Va Centuries 84
MINING STOCKS.
Hdams Con 20 ; Little Chief ir.
Alice 40 Ontario COO
breece 2 0T Ophlr 60
Brunswick Con — 15 Phoenix 10
Comstock Tunnel.. 04 Potosl 12
Con Cal & Va- 1 2i Sa.vage 14
Deadwood 65 Sierra Nevada .... 25
Horn Silver 1 10 Email Hopes ...... M
Iron Silver ti Standard 8 00
Leadvllle Con 05
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Union Pacific 75%
Call leant V&T, Union Land 2%
Time loans 66« West End ....'..... S3
Stocks— Westlngh Eleo .... 64
Atchison 42% Bonds
do prefd 86% Atchison 4s "..101%
Am Sugar 120 N E G & Coke 6s.. 61%
do rrefd 115 Mining shares-
Bell Telephone 155% Adventure 7%
Boston & Albany. .252 Allouez Mln Co ... 2%
Boston Elevated -.155 Amalg Copper .... 94'
Boeton & Maine.. ,18iV4 Atlantic 26
CB&Q 13S?» Boston & Mont.. ..828
Dom Coal 87% Butte & Boston.... 84%
do prefd 106 Calumet & Heels... 815
Fed fiteel 63% Centennial 22%
do prefd 7»% Franklin isii
Fitchburg prefd ..188 Humboldt ..„ 60
Gen Electric '. 178Vi;Osceola 73%
do prefd 146 Parrot 49*/.
Cd Elec III 215 Qulncy 172
Mich Telephone ... 85 ganta Fe Oeftper... G\l
N E O & Coke.... 11 Kinarack W.^.."^
Old Colony 203 Utah Mining 3ju
Old Dominion .... 30V4',VVlnona %£
Rubber 28% Wolverines 48
London Market.
NEW YORK. Dec U.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here were active to-day • eoa
e5Certng the near approach of the holidays.
There was some irregularity, oVing to appre
hensions about the money situation. Ameri
cans were very brisk. The chief attention waa
ae^ot»>d to- specialties Erie.. Southern Pacific*
acd Southern being prominent. . The others
were sympathetically hardened, but the bur-
Weather Report.
Mail advices from New Tork say: "There
is no material change In the market, the ten
dency coctinuicg deddodly In buyers' favor.
The feeling on prunes ts a little better than
cn raising, but both are celling, when at all,
ct very low prices. Raieins are offered at all
sorts of prices, and there is little Question
that quotations can be shaded considerably.
Three earn of California layers and seedless
Muscatels will be sold at auction to-day, caus
ing a further weakening tendency. Fancy and
choice Royal apricots are finning up, with a
«ood Bpeculative laqutry for any goods offered
cheap.
"Date* are less active, but demand may
pick up after to-day's faie. It is believed that
the goods to be oSered will not be allowed to
» ' : ' under the market. Figs are easy and Jrar
j..:.?. Prime evaporated apples are firm, but
quiet.
"Grenoble Mayette ¦walnuts are slightly
easier, an<2 goods caa be bought, lt is under
etood. at :¦-»¦;. Ehelled wal&uts are scarce and
very firm."
Dried Fruit in New York.
Silver and Exchange as before.
Wheat dull and weak. Barley in fair detn-and and firm.
Oats and Rye quiet and unchanged.
Corn in larger supply and tending downward.
Hay and Feedstuff s quiet at previous prices.
Transfer of io,ooo sacks Pink Beans.
Potatoes held with more steadiness. Onions about the same.
Los Angeles Vegetables in light receipt and firm.
Butter weak and in ample supply. Cheese firm.
Eggs continue to decline under increasing arrivals.
Oranges, Lemons and Limes quiet and unchanged.
Bananas plentiful and weak. Cranberries scarce and firm.
Nothing new in Provisions.
Meat market as previously quoted.
Poultry in fair supply and steady. Game clieap and zveak.
Oil stocks active and generally higher.
Local stocks and bonds quiet and featureless.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
CLOSING.
Ing waa still mainly professional. At the cIom
they eased, except in the case of the chief
favorites. Conservative experts deprecate ex
cessive pushing of low-priced shares, fearing
the ultimate effect on the market. Money was
steady. The bank did a considerable discount
business. Paris and Berlin exchanges were
Ellghtly more favorable.
tJ^?^ 1 *^^? Dec. 19.— Atchlson. 44%; Canadian
Pacific, 90»i; Union Pacific preferred. 85H"
Northern Pacific preferred., 89%; Grand Trunk.
6\; Anaconda, 10^4 ; bar silver steady, 29Hd per
ounce; money. 3®SH per cent.
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK, Dec 19.— Money on call steady
at 4©5 per cent; last ioan. 4H per "cent. Prime
mercantile paper. 4K&SH per cent. . Sterling
exchange steady, with actual business in bank
ers' bills at $4 84ft for demand and 'at $4 80H
for sixty days; postad rates, $4 Sl@4 81H and
34 86©4 86H: commercial bills, S4-79%<2>4 79«.
Silvnr certificate*. *4»65c. Bar silver. 64c.
Mexican dollars. 6O0. Bonds— Government, lr
reg-ular; State. Inactive; railroad, 'strong.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Dec 1».— To-day's statement
of the treasury balances in the general fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve in the
division of redemption, shows: Available ca»h
balance, 3141.011.863; gold. S8S, 269. 909.
sltion of tin. The close here was quiet at
126 60. Copper in London remains unchanged
at £71 10s, with the local ' market also. quiet
and - nominally $17 ¦ for: Lake Superior and
116 62H for casting cepper and electrolytic.
Trading in lead was of a hand-to-mouth char
acter, and nominally unchanged at ¦'• $4 37V4,
while ¦ at , London ' the . market was 2s 6d .• lower
at £16 2s. Spelter showed no Important changes
in cither local circles or abroad, prices re
maining at the old bagis of H 15@4 20 and £18
12s. Domestic iron markets continue dull on
the basis of $9 50@10 60 for pig Iron warrants;
Northern foundry, *15@16 50; Southern' foundry,
1 14 50® 15 75, and soft Southern, S13@15 75. In
the English markets trade was quiet and prices
closed at Glasgow 61s 4d and Middlesboro, 54s.
Boston Wool Market.
BOSTON. Dec 19.— The 'American Wool and
Cotton Reporter will say to-morrow: . '../<¦
The colder weather of the post week or ten
days has started, a somewhat better business
1 Vi u h ? clothln g trade, which is reflected . in a
slightly increased- inquiry for wool, but the
amount of business actually transacted In the
latter commodity shows no improvement: in
fact. It is slightly less than that of last week.
The general feeling is that the volume of
business in the wool market will be of moder
ate proportions from now until after the turn
or the new year.. Manufacturers are buying
wool only to meet pressing wants. The wool
trade therefore naturaly anticipates a*decidedly
improved demand for wool after the turn of the
year. The market may be quoted * as quite
steady. Actual selling prices remain un
ofcanged.
S T i 1 ?,« sa i e> ** the week In Beaton amounted
to 3.370,000 pounds domestic and 230,000 foreign,
making a total of 8,800,000 pounds, against a
total of 4.212, S00 for the previous week and a
total of 3,368.000 for the " corresponding week
last year. The sales' since January 1 amount
to 144,471,400 pounds, agalnat 344,815,776 for the
correeponding time last year.
Chicago Livestock Market.
. CHICAGO. Dec 1».— CATTLE— Receipts, 12,
000; market active, 10@20c higher; butchers'
steady, to strong; fat heifers, . 10c higher; good
to prime steers, 35 20(96; poor to medium. $3 60
(go 10; selected feeders, S3 75® 4 40; mixed stock
era, S2 75@3 75; cows, f2 50^4 20; heifers, $2 50®
4 €0; canners, $1 85^2 40; bulls, $2 35@4 40;
calves, $405 60; TexaB fed stoers, HQi 80;
grassers. J3 25®4: bulls, 32 40@3 20.
HOGS- Receipts, 27,000: to-morrow. 30,000; left
over, 4000; mostly 5o higher; closing easier;
top, $4 90; mixed and butchers, U 65@4 90; good
to choice heavy. 14 7001 90; rough heavy/ 14 tfi
@4 65; light. S4 6004 S7',i; bulk of sales, H 76@
4 £5. " • - - - . -
- SHKEP- Receipts. 18,000; sheep and lambs,
about steady at yesterday's decline; good to
Choice wethers, $3 65#4 25; fair to choice mixed,
$3 25(33 70; Western sheep, {3 65@4 25; Texas
cheep, $2 25(33 50; native lambs, 34@5 25; West
ern -lambs, 34 60@5 25.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Or.. Dec 19.— Clearings, S473,
294; balances, 396,891.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Dec- 19.— Wheat, steady, at 540
64%c. A few sales of valley for milling pur
poses were -made to-day at 6O@62c. ¦
' , "WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Dec 19.— Wheat, dull and steady;
bluest era, 66 Vic; club, 53Hc.
Foreign Markets. .
LONDON, Dec. 19.— Consols, 97 5-l«; silver.
25 H<1; French rentes, 101f; wheat cargoes on
passage, quiet and steady: No. 1 standard Cali
fornia, 80s Sd; Walla Walla, 28s 6d; English
country markets, quiet and steady.
LIVERPOOL, Dec. 19.— Wheat steady; No. 1
standard California, 6s 2tl50s 2Hd; wheat in
Paris, weak; flour In Paris, weak; French,
country markets, quiet and steady.
COTTON— Uplands. 5 ll-32d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot, dull; No. 1 California, 6s
2»id; No. 2 red Western. 6s ll%d; No. 1 North
ern spring. 8s 2%d. Futures, dull; February,
5s ll%d; March, 6s.
CORN— Spot, steady; American mixed new,
4s l s id; do mixed old, 4s 2%d. Futures, firm;
December, nominal; January. 3s 10%d; March,
3s 9%d.
Local stocks and bonds were quiet, wltn no
changes worthy of note. ¦
The oil stocks were strong, with still higher
quotations for Monte Cristo. Hanford-Freano-
Kern River and McKlttrlck Con.
The Makawell Sugar Company has declared
a dividend of 40 cents per share, payable on
the 26th.
The following oil dividends are announced:
Kern, 25 cents, payable December 17: Ameri
can Fuel. December 13; Home. 10 cent*, De
cember 20.
The Sacramento Electric. Gas and Railway
Company, whJch absorbed the Capital Ga*
Company of Sacramento, has declared Its first
dividend of 15 cents per share, payable on
January 2.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY. Dec 13—2 p. nv
¦UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bld.Ask.i Bld.Ask.
<t atiar coup.. 118 117 Us do cp (new).13SVUSS%
*• do reg 115 lltti!** do coup.... 110^-
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay Co p Co.l04fcl06 Oak Water Sa..lO«tf -
Cal-st Cab 3s.U» % — Oceanic S3 5s.U0 111
CC Water 5/.1W - OmCRy «s..l23 -
Ed L & P 6«\.m — Pac G Imp 4s.l01 —
F A Cl Ry 6». — — P & Cl Ry 6s. 105 109
Ge«fy-»t R 6s. — 81 P A O R R «».11SH —
H C & S 5%s.. - - Powell-st R «s.H8 —
Do 5» 103 105 Sac B G&R Ss. — 100
L. A Ry BS....110 111H S F A SJV Js.113% -
L A Lt Co 6«.. — 103 S R of Cal «s.. — 113
Do gntd 6a... — — S P R of A 6s.ll3%U*
I V A fi 1^ !.»•:•• 102 S P C •• (1905.
lLAPRRBs.100 — Series A).... 103H —
Market-st «s...128H — Do (Series 8)110% —
« I J?^ B k J £?- 122 ' 4 "~- Do (1906) Ill 112%
N C N O R 7i. - 1U Do (1912) Ill —
N R of Cal 6s.ll4% — 8 P R 1st g fts.107% —
Do 53.NTNNN119 — S P R 6»......131 —
N P C R R «a.Wl - 8 V Water 6s.ll4tf -
Do 6i 108 — Do 4s 103 —
N Cal Ry 5«...110«4 — Do 3d mtge.102 —
Oak G L A H.110 7 , — Stktn Gas ls.101 103
Oak Tran 6s.. — 120U
• WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 70H 72 Spring Valley. N 94 H
Maria County. 51H —
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent L A P Co — 4% Pac X. Co — 44
Bqult G L Co. 3H 3ft Sao E G&R Co — —
Mutual L. Co.. 8% — 8 F O A E.... 43H «%
OOLt H.... «% — i San Francisco. 4% 4%
Pac Gas Imp.. 4% 49 Stktn GAB Co. — 14
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Flrem'B Fund.227%235 ,
BANK BTOCKS.
Anglc-Cal Ltd. 73 — First National. 310 —
.Bank of Cal. ..409 412H Lon P A A 14$ —
Cal S D A T.. — 10CV4 Merchants' Ex 16 —
SAVINGS BANKS.
.Gar S & L....1860 1900 Sav & L So... — —
Hum S & L...— — Sec Sav Bk...273 —
Mut Sav Bk... 60 — Union T Co — —
S F Sav Un-..525 —
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California ....129H — O S h & H.V.. 39 4$
Geary-st 45 — Presidio 17 21
Market-st 63 70H
POWDER STOCKS.
California .... — 160 Vigorlt S SU
Giant Con Co. 84 84VS.
SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana S P Co. — 7% Ktlauea S Co.. n »H
Haw C A S Co 91 . 94% Makawell 8 Co 4114 41**
Honokaa S Co. 31H — Onomea S Co. 23^4 —
Hutch S P Co. 25% 26H Paauhau S Co. 3l£ —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Al Pack Assn.123^125 Pao A F A... 2 —
Cal Fruit As n. 103 103% Pac C Bor Co.150 121
Mer Ex Assn.. 97 100 Par Paint Co.. 12^ —
Oceanic S Co.. 103 105
Morning Session.
Board—
10 Giant Powder Con 84 25
40 Honokaa S Co 3160
65 Paauhau S P Co 3173
76 Pacific Coast Borax 150 00
10 Pacific Gas Imp 43 SO
15 Sacramento Eleo Gas A Ry.. ........ S3 25
190 S F Gas A Electric Co 49 00
20 S F Gas & Electric Co 43 87^
$1000 Spring Valley 4s (2d roortg) 103 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
100 Kllauea S P Co 2100
60 Makawell S Co 4175
100 Oakland Gas , 43 75
SO Paauhau S P Co 3175
S28F Gas A Electric Co ". 43 00
15 S F Gas A Electric Co 43 87*4
6 S F Gas & Electric Co 43 75
30 Spring Valley Water 94 00
10 Spring Valley Water, cash 94 00
$3000 Spring Valley 6s 114 73
200 Vigorlt Powder S U'-i
Street—
215 Hutchlneon S P Co 23 73
PRODUCERS* OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
100 Caribou _ S3
100 Caribou 68
400 Four Oil Co 50
1 Hanford 120 00
200 Hanford-Fresno-Kern River 63
100 Hanford-Fresno-Kern River 64
200 Home Oil 4 10
50 Home Oil 4 03
50 Kern Oil Co 9 50
10 Kern River 18 "o
500 Lion Oil Co 28
S00 McKittrick Consolidated 50
400 Monte Cristo ISO
100 Monte Cristo 165
100 Monte Cristo, b 30 155
200 Occidental of W Va 66
100 Occidental of W Va, I 90 65
20 Oil City Petroleum SO 00
1063 Petroleum Center 20 .
EOO Reed Crude Oil Co 51
50 Sterling & O D Co I 50
100 Twenty-Eight 2 35
Afternoon Session.
Board—
600 Cala-Standard 35
500 Cala-Standard 31
100 Caribou 62
5C0 Hanford-Fresno-Kern River 63
1125 Home Oil 4 03
100 Home Oil 4 00
300 Independence 23
1300 Lion Oil Co 25
500 Monarch of Arizona 43
500 Monte Cristo 155
500 Petroleum Center 20
1000 Petroleum Center 21
100 Twanty-Elght 2 30
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY. Dec 19—2:30 p. m.
STOCK. Bid. Asked.
Buckhorn — 4 00
Burlington — 23
California-Standard 34 35
Caribou 60 63
Dominion 23 —
Four 49 SO
Hanford-Fresno-Kern River.... 61 64
Home OH 4 00 4 10
Homeatake 10 00 — .
Independence 22 24
Kern River — 18 50
Lion Oil Co 25 26
McKittrick Consolidated • 62 63
Mcnarch of Arizona 42 41
Junction — 63
Mor.te Cristo 1 43 —
Occidental of W Va — 63
Oil City Petroleum 23 00 —
Petroleum Center 20 X3
Reed Crude — 53
Rex — «5
Sar. Joaquln O A D Co 9 CO I 23
Sterling O A D Co — 2 60
Sunset Original 30 to
Twenty-Eight _ S 30 j_
Westlake 25 —
Wcstshore S 25 1(0
Yukon 50 SS
• KININO STOCKS.
. Following were the *&!*• In the San Francisco
I Stock and Exchang* Doon! yesterday:
Morning £«««ton. '
300 Belcher 14 Wo Ophlr ........... «o
100 Chollnx ......... IS 1TO Overman ....... 10
.50 Con Cal A W.I 40 800 rotosi 12
800 Gould & CMrry. 40 %S> Yellow Jacket.. 13
Afternoon Pcjwton.
1000 Belcher ........ HI 300 Rould A Curry. 40
' 800 Best A n*teh*r. 33 100 M • vie- an 23
60 Caledonia ««' tCO Ophlr 56
100 Challenge , Ml 100 Overman , 09
200 CholUr 1* 7«) Sierra Nevada. 23
60 Con Cal A Ve».l •&¦ 60O Union Coo. 20
Following were the- sales la the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
I 100 Be»t A J>lcher. ?8 200 Mexican »l
500 Bent * »»lcher. 25 JOO OpWr _ o
100 n*tt A Belcher. 14 200 Ophir 6S
400 Challenge Can. 20 200 Ophlr 67
100 Choi lar 15 1200 Potosl n
400 Con Cal A V.I 42',4 400 Savage H
200 Con Cal * V...1 40 500 Sorpion 03
300 Con Cal A V.I 37H 4CO Sierra Nevada. 27
5Mf Crown Point... 10 2co Silver Hill <s
700 Hale & Norcrs. 20 200 St Louis is
400 Justice 04 100 Union Con a
600 Mexican 30 100 Union Coa..._. 21
. Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher ........ 13/ 300 Hale & Norcw. is
200 Best & Belcher. 23 400 Mexican .... ~>
200 Challenge Con. 131 300 Ophlr '"' l&
600 Con Cal A V...1 Sol 200 Ophlr *"* Si
100 Confidence" 63 - 200 Potoat . it
: 200 Gould A Curry. 40 200 Silver Hill..."*!," 41
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY. Dec. 19—4 p. m.
. . Bld.Ask. nid A»k
Alpha 03 (MlJustlee , , K o i
Alta 04 to Kentuck . ci 03
Andes 04 M LMy Wash _ £?
Belcher 14 15 M«U ........ so s?
Best A Belcher. » »4 OcrhtPnt*! .. 04 na
Bullion 03 03 ophlr ?......:; la n
Caledonia « 47:Qverman '. 09 W
Chollar >1J 15 PctosJ * a \ 3
Challenge Con. I* JO'RAVan* is i,j
Conndencj ..... W 55|Kot>rnton " 04
Con Cal A Va..l 10 1 SS 8«* lWlcher.... 03 0*
Con ImperliU... - 01 8lerm Nevada. 2« W
Con X«w -York. 01 - Wlver ItlU 40 a
Eurrka Con.... - JsiHt lrf>ul» - w
Crown Point... 10 1J I Hlnndard 3 10 3 2»
Sf c ftfff - A H «Hyndlcnt«» — w
Ootild* Curry. M .» Union Coa » n
1U1« « Norm, U 1» Uuh OS C«
JuUa .........,,,— M r»Uow J»ck,L. u l* y
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
String Beans, 10@17V4o; Cabbage. 90c; Toma
toes. $1@1 50 for Los Angeles: Egg Plant. Los
Angeles. 8<gl0c per lb;. Green Peppers from Los
Angeles. 2@8c per lb; Dried Peppers, 9@llc;
Dried Okra. IOS'ISc p«r lb; Carrots, 25@35c per ',
pox; Cucumbers. 75c; Summer Squash. $1 23
@1 60 :, Garlic, 4@5c per lb; Marrowfat Squash.
$12<&15 i per ton; Mushrooms, S@loc per ¦ lb.
Poultry and Gatne.
Two cars of - Eastern dressed Turkeys came
In and were held at 14c per lb.
Local Poultry was steadier, with a slight
advance In young stock.
Arrivals of Game were lighter, being 125
sacks, but v the demand continued slack and
low prices still ruled.
POULTRY-Llve Turkeys, 12%@14o for Gob
blers and 12H@14o for Hens; Dressed Turkeys,
14®16c;. Geese,, per pair. $12502; Goslings, f 1 50
@2;- Ducks. $3(014 for old and *4@5 50 for young:'
Hens,- $3@4 50; Toung Roosters. $4® 5; Old
Roosters, $3 60@4; Fryers, \ $3 75#4; Broilers.
$3 75<©4 for large and J3@3 60 for email;
Pigeons.; $1, per- dozen tor old and $1 75@2 for
Squabs. : »|fli)'ii>\» t ji Viumil.Miii imhTikm
- GAME— Quail. $1 25: Mallard. $2 60@3: Can
vasback, $3@3 B0; Sprig, $1.75@2 50; Teal. $125
01 50; Widgeon, $1@1 50; Small Duck. 75efiH;
Black Jack, $1 25@1 50; Gray Geese, $3; White
Geese, $1@1 50; Brant, $1 2S@1 60 for small and
$1 75@2 for large; Honkers, $4 50; English
Snipe. $1 75; Jack Snipe. $1 23; Hare. $1 25; Rab
bits,' *1 SO for Cottontail and $1 for Brush;
Doves.- 60g65cper dozen. -. .r • t"
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
There is no further decline In Butter, bat
the market U weak at the recent . reduction.
Receipts are ample and the demand Is Just
about sufficient: to keep stocks down to a fair
quantity. x
- Cheese remains firm with light receipts and
stocks. .
Ranch Eggs have again declined and all
grades are- quoted weak. Receipts are grad
ually increasing, owing to the warmer and
more favorable weather, and the advance of
the season.
Receipts, as reported by the Dairy Exchange,
were 45,100 lbs Butter, 501 cases Eggs and 2420
lbs Cheese. - »?.."
BUTTER—
Creamery— Extras, 2So; firsts, 25c; seconds.
Dairy — Extras. 14c; firsts, 22e; seconds, 19c;
store. 15c.- . ...•*¦'
. Storage — Creamery extras, 22%c;' firsts.' 21c;
seconds, 20c; dairy extras, 20o. . ,..:..
Pickle— 21c per lb.
Kegr-20c per lb. • . '" U
CHEESE— Fancy, full cream. 13c; choice, lie;
common, nominal; • Toung Americas, 13%c;
Eastern, full cream, 15@l6V&c per lb.. • •
EGGS—
California ranch— Selected white, 23c; mixed
colors, 35c per dozen.
California Gathered — Fancy, ; standard,
82V>c; seconds, .
. Eastern— Fancy, ; standard, 32Wc; sec
ends, ¦— . " ¦
Storage — California fancy. — ; standard, ;
Eastern, fancy, ¦ 30c; standard, ; seconds,
. Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
; Two cars of Oranges were auctioned, as fol
lows: Fancy navels, $1 60® 2 50; -choice, $1 209
2 10; Standard, $191 65; choice Seedlings', 75c@
$120; Mandarins;- $1. . ' i ¦- -
. In the open market all citrus fruits are quiet
at easy. prices.
Cranberries continue scarce and firm. ¦• >:'.. ."¦
There is no change- In Apples and Pears.
Bananas are in free supply and weak.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS— , . ,
APPLES— 30@60c per box for common and
&c@$l for good to choice; Spitzenbergs. 75c®
$1 25; Oregon Spltzenbergs, $1(&1 25; Lady Ap
ples. $1 75@3 per box.
PEARS— 35c@$l 50 per box.
PERSIMMONS— 40@90c per box.
CRANBERRIES— Jerseys, $12; Wtsconslns.
$13 60; Cape Cod, $H per barrel; Coos Bay, $2 60
@2 75 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Oranges, $1@2 50;
Seedlings, 75c@$l 50: Tangerines, 75c@$l; Man
darins, $l@l 25; Lemons, 23c@$l 25 for common
and |1 60@2 50 for good to choice; Grape Fruit.
75c@$l 50; Mexican Limes, $4@4 50; California
Limes. 23035c; Bananas, $1@2 per bunch; Pine
apples, $1®2 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
FRUITS— Prunes. Santa Claras, 4 sizes, Jc;
40-50s, Tc; 60-608, 5%c; 60-70s, 8%c; 70-8OS, 3%c;
SO-JOs, 2%c; 90-lOOs, 2*ic; 100s and over, 2c; ru
bles, Vic premium; Sonomas, %c and San Joa
quins Me less than Santa Claras,' ex'cept 100s
and over, which stand the same. Apricots. 6®
8c for Royals and 10@10%c for Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples. 6@8c; sun-dried, J$4@«%c;
Peaches, 4®3c for standard. 5®6c .for choice
and 6%<g7c for fancy: Pears, 2@7e; Plums
pitted, E®6Uc; unpitted. l@l%c; Nectarines, 5@
l%c for red and 5^©6c for white.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers 1 Association
bas established the following prices for the
season of 1900: Bleached Thompson 1 * fancy, 12c
per lb; choice, lie; standard; S%c; prime, :8c;
unbleached Thompson's, 9c per lb. Sultanas-
Fancy. 10%c per lb; choice. 9Hc; standard*. i%c;
prime. 8c: unbleached Sultanas. 8c; Seedless
50- lb boxes. 6V4c: 4-crown. 7c; London Layers!
2-crown. $1 50 per box: 3-crown, $1 60; Fancy
Clusters, $2; Dehesa. $2 50; Imperial, $3. All
prices f. o. b. at common shipping points In
California. ./ •
NUTS— Chestnuts. #"%<?9c per lt> for Italian;
Walnuts, No. 1, softshell, lie; No. 2, 8c: No. 1
hardshell. 10c; no. 2. 7%c: Almonds, 12®13c for
papershell, OSUc for softshell: Peanuts, 6@6c
for Eastern; Brazil Nuts. 13c; Filberts. 13c; Pe
cans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts. $3 50@5.
HONEY— Comb, lS'fcSHVic for bright and 12H
©13c for light amber; water white, extracted,
7%<?Sc; light amber, extracted, 6&@7c; dark,
CiffMiC per lb.
BEESWAX— 24®26e per lb.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, lljgllHc per lb for
heavy. ll%«T12c for light medium, 12V4@13o for
light, 13H@"e for extra light and 15@15Vic for
eugar-cured; Eastern sugar-cured Haras, 11H@
12c; Mess Beef, $12 50 per barrel; extra Mess,
$1S; Family, $14; extra Prime Pork, $1«; extra
clear. $19 50; Mess, $17; Sjnoked Beef, 13c per
pound..
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for com
pound and 9%c for pure; half- barrels, pure,
9%c: 10-lb tins. 10c; 6-ib tins, lOUc.
COTTOLENE-One-half barrel. 8%c; three
half-barrels, 8c; one tierce. 7%c; two tierces,
7?ic; five tierces, 7%c per lb.
Hides, Talloiv, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about 1c under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, 10c; medium, 9c; light, 8Vic; Cow
hides. 9c for heavy and 8%c for light; Stags,
I 6V4c; Salted Kip, 9&c; Salted Veal. 9%c; Salted
I Calf. 10c; Dry Hides, 15V6<gl6c: culls. 13H®Hc;
Dry Kip, 15@16c; Dry Calf, 16@16Vic; culls and
brands, Uc; Sheepskins, shearlings, 20®30c
each; fhort Wool, 3CQ50c each; medium. 60® 75c:
long Wool, 75c©$l each: Horse Hides, salt, $2 50
©2 75 for large and $2 25 for medium. $1 25 for
small and 50c for colts: Horse Hides, dry. $1 75
for large. $1 SO for medium, $1 23 for small and
50c for colts. Deerskins— Summer or red skins,
33c; fall or medium .skins. 30c; winter or thin
eklns, 20c. Goatskins— Prime Angoras, 75c;
larse and smooth, 60c; medium," 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4@4Hc per lb; No.
2. 3&c; grease. 2£f2Hc <
T WOOL-Spring clip Is quotable as follows:
Northern, free, 156 16c; Northern, defective 12
«14c: Middle County, free. 13@16c; Middle
County, defective. 12014c; Southern Mountain.
12 months ,,»©10c; Southern Mountain, free 7
months', ll@12c; Southern Mountain, defective.
«^5 ntl l 8 '' 9 ® Uc : Humboldt and Mendoclno,
16® 17c; Nevada, 13@16c per lb
,»f aI lrM U ;. I ?~?. an Joa 1 utn . 6H«TSc; do lambs. 8
@9c; Middle County, 9@10c; Northern Mountain,
free, 10011c; 'Southern Mountain. 7^S8V4o;
H H^P^l 2 a @ n i d 6c M p^! n °- 1WU ° *~ lb -
San Francisco Meat Market.
cow? EP ~ 7 ® 8C f ° r 8tcers and frSfi^ic per lb for
Mn*^^ ar^ > i® 9c: 8ma ». »@10o per lb.
LAMB— 10@10V4c p er ib
S^I^™ - a CT?i/ 5!4 f 5Hc f . or , lar * e: stoclc H °«» and
feeders, o©5^4c; dressed Hogs, 7U@8Vic
General Merchatidise.
BAGS— San Quentln Bags, $5 65; CalcutU
Grain Bags, June and July, 6%c; Wool Bags,
:8%@32«c:- Fleece Twine, 7%c; Fruit Bags.
6Mje6%c for white and 8V4@8%c for bleached
Jute.'
COAL-Welllngton, , $J p«- ton; Southfleld
Bay, $a 50; Wallsend. $9; Co-operative Walls
end$» ¦. Cumberland. $12 in bulk and $U 25 in
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14; Can
rel. $10 per ton; Coke. $15 per ton in bulk and
$1S in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions, IS 45
per 1000 lbs and $S 50 per ton, according to
brand.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Kenning Com
pany quotes, per lb. ln.lOO-lb bags:
Crushed. 6.13c; Powdered, 6.75c; Candy Gran
ulated, S.tac;, Dry r Granulated, 5.65c; Confec
tioners' A, 5.65c; Magnolia A. -5.23c; Extra C.
5. lac: Golden C, 5.05c; barrels. 10c more; half
barrels..2Sc more; boxes. 50c more :.SO-lb bags.
10c more. No orders , taken ' for less than 75
barrels or Its equivalent. Dominoes, half-bar
rels, 6.40c; boxes, 6. We per lb.
Receipts ~o f Produce. ',,
: ..FOR* "WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 19.
Flour, qr sks..':.. 8.798 1 Corn, ctls... ....... 8.10C
ctls....... . 2,930 Beans, sks 1,734
Parley, ctls....... 4,425 L.!me.bbls........ 112
I Bran, sks - 670 (Wine, gals 70.600
, Hay, > tons .. 209 Leather, rolls...;'. ;• 84
• Straw, tons....... s 16 Pelta, bdls 3,373
"Wool,.: bale* 2 Hides., No... 5SS
Onions, , sks...'.... 1.045 Tallow, ctU....... 2?l
Potatoes, sks C.8SG Oats. 1 ctls......... SCO
•¦: '" eastern. - :
Com, cUb.. ....... BOOT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 2O, 19OO.
THE STOCK MARKET.
New York Grain and Produce.
10
ETJ
i33
OX8.
1 Last I This ,
j 24 Hours I Season. ,
I Last
Season.
— „ .. ¦'
:
u!
er;
a:
2
la
ntc
ae
tea
a <
rel
CO
o
Clj
nc
o
It:
isco ...
ce
>fcispo
:• ....
.ti li.ii
io t.u
.... .... ;.m |
~. 7.W
6.42 i
.... .... t.27
S.92
«.7»
1.7J !
25.22
».T3
9.00
; 8.67
4.47
1.67
S.S3
3. 35
1.S2
ETJ
i33
OX8.
1 Last I This ,
j 24 Hours I Season. ,
I Last
Season.
— „ .. ¦'
:
u!
er;
a:
2
la
ntc
ae
tea
a <
rel
CO
o
Clj
nc
o
It:
isco ...
ce
>fcispo
:• ....
.ti li.ii
io t.u
.... .... ;.m |
~. 7.W
6.42 i
.... .... t.27
S.92
«.7»
1.7J !
25.22
».T3
9.00
; 8.67
4.47
1.67
S.S3
3. 35
1.S2
AUCTION SALES,
EDWARD S. SPEAR & CO., Auctioneers.
n and 33 SUTTER STREET.
Telephone Main S1SL
Cash paid for Furniture. Carpets. Desks and
Merchandise to parties not wishing to wait for
Auction Returns.
BOOKS ! BOOKS ! BOOKS !
THURSDAY. FRIDAY and SATURDAY. De-
cember 20th. 21st and Cd. 1300.
Commencing each day at 11 o'clock aw m..
WE WILL. SELL IM OUR SALESROOM by
CATALOGUE the private libraries o« two Eng-
lish gentlemen, conalstlcg of S000 books, finely
bound, and mostly English editions.
NOTE.— This is a collection that very seldom
la offered at auction. Catalogues now ready
and books on exhibition.
EDWARD S. SPEAR A CO.. Auctioneer*.
AUCTION SALE
SWITZER'S HORSE MARKET,
TWEUTH AND HARRISON STREETS.
SATURDAY. December Ed,
Commencing at 11 o'clock.
Wa will »ell 57 head of ALL-PCRPO33
HORSES from 1000 to 1700 pounds. A fine lot
cf horses and must be sold. Call and examine,
this stock before the sale. Positively no limit.
S. WATKIXS, Auctioneer.
SPECIAL AUCTION.
On account of removal, premises are sold
and building will be torn doirn. H. M/ Black's
carriage factory at the corner of Natoma and
New Montgomery sts., at 11 a. m.. Friday, De-
cember 21. 1900. we wi!l sell his entire stock of
Carriages. Buggies. Wagons, Machinery. Tools,
etc., etc.
SCLLIVAX A DOTLE, Auctioneers. -
Office 825 Sixth st.
Call caxjexdak.
DECEMBER. MOft.
_g. M. T.IW. T. F! I 5. _Mooa^ Paaies. *
I 1 W Dwtaitq C j
•1- — — — -L — -L ff L * rt Q wte*.
_^_J«__U_ IS 13 14 13 December tt |
j*_ _iy_ IT »f»" "xT ~rT 0 N#w Mo * a -
1 M n j 111 ¦* P*c««nb«r ML
OCEAN TEAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
y Steamers leave Broadway
•jk wharf, San Francisco:
K%-w_ For Ala&kan Ports— 11 a. m-.
6*J?jS38K Dec - 12 - 17 - W. Jan. U
f^t(?Cv^> Change to company's ste*mer«
P*V kK\?5% *t Seattle.
t$V23 W| For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
K2ST2«€fa\l C) - Port Townwnd. Seatt:*.
fWRB Jafl Tacoma, Everett. Auaoortea
and "Whatcom fWaah.) —
U a. nv. Dec 13. 17. is. 17.
Jan. 1 and every fifth day thereafter. Chang*
at Seattle for this company's steamers for
Alaska and O. N. Ry. : at Seattle or Tacoma to
N. P. Ry. : at Vancouver to CL P. Ry.
For Eureka, Humboldt Bay — t p. m., Dae.
14. 1». 24. 29. Jan. 3. and every fifth day there- ,
after.
For San. Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Lea Angeles and Redondo (laos An-
gelea)— Steamer Queen. Wednesdays. > a. m.:
steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
For Santa Crux, Monterey, San Simeon, Cam-
cos. Port Harford (San Luis Obtspo). Gavtoto.
Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hnraenie, San P»dr<s
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport—
Steamer Corona. Fridays. 9 a. m-: steamer
Bontta. Tuesdays, 9 a. m.
For Fnsenada, Mardalena Bay, San Jos* del
Cabo, Maxatlan. Altata. La Pas. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymaa <Mex.)— 10 a. m. 7th each mocta.
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the rtrht to eba&ft*
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sail '.a?
without previous notl<?e.
TICKET OFFICB-I New Montjoewr
street {Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. FERKIN3 A CO.. Oen. Agents.
19 Market st.. San Francisco.
TBE 0. R. & B. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Sp«ir-str»^t "Wharf at JU a. ra.
CADC i!2" First Class Inclu"dlrr"B#rOl
fMnt $Q Second Class and Meala.
COLUMBIA Satis Dec 14. 24. Jan. S
GEO. W. ELDER Sails Dec IX 29
Short Lin* to Walla Walla. Spokane, Butte,
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Ageat.
830 Market st.
TOYO RISEN KAISBA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF,' COR-
ner First and Branoan streets, at 1 d. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received oa board on day of
sailing.
ES. AMERICA MARTJ
Saturday, December », 1900
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Thursday, January M. 1J01
S3. NIPPON MARU
Tuesday. February IS. 1501
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
BXW TOOK. SOUTHAMPTON. tONOOH. TXZXX
Stopplnr at Cherbourg, westwound.
From New Tork Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Louis Dec. 2fij>roordlar.d Jan. M
New York Jan. 2 FrlesTond Jan. M
Kensington Jan. OiVaderland Jan. SO
RED STAR LINBi
New York and Antwerp.
From New Tork Every Wednesday. 12 Noon.
¦Westernland ...Dec. 2SIXoordland Jan. 1«
Westernland ...Jan. IJFrtesland Jan. 13
Kensington Jan. 9iSouthwark ' Jan. SO
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANT.
». CHAS. D. TATLOR.
1 General Agent Pacific Coast.
SO Montgomery st.
SS. ZEALANDIA (Honolulu only)
Wednesday. December 2S, t p. n.
SS. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Samoa. New
Zealand and Australia
'Wednesday. January 3. 1901. 9 p. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Sunday. January 8. 4 p. m.
I D.SPBECKELS & BEOS. CO.. Camnl Xganis. 327 ITartet St
fia'l PuMnasr OiSce, 643 terfat St., Pier Ha. 1. ftcfe St
PANAMA R. R k Bffi
To NEW YORK via PANAMA Direct
S. S. ROANOXE sails Jansarj 8.
S.S. ST. PAUL sails January 29,
From wharf, foot of Fremcnt St., at 3 p. m.
Freight and passenger office. S30 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
COJfPASSIE 0SHI2AL3 TRANSATLMTIQCl.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARia jv>w
fc.-Ulin* every ThursJj.y. lnstwul of <£332j
{Saturday, at 19 a. m.. from Pier 42. —J««*s»Si
North River, foot of Morton street. First class
to Havre. $53 and upward. Second c.'ass to
Havre. $43 and upward. GENERAL AOENCV
FOR UNITED STATES AND CANADA. »
nroaiVway (Hudson building). New York. J.
F. ri'OAZI & CO.. Pacific Co*st -*r«it«. 5
Mor.tsomery avenue. San Francisco. Ticxera
sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
BAY A1TD SIVEBCT^EAICaaS.
~fqb o. s. urrmm^i^
Steamer "Maaticalla."*
Mrt«J T,,_ w*d.. Thur»-' ana Sat. at »:4S
tW No. I. Telethon. Main 1-CS.
FAIIE ..j^2221HZZ—
weehJ call
SI per Ycai»«
¦A judgment -for $1000 damages in, favor
of Hyman 5 Greenberg and against the
Western Turf Association was found by
a Jury in /Judge Hunt's court | yesterday.
Greenberg was ejected from thedefendant
corporation's track for taking* notes for
the compilation of a. form card. The Jury
found, tjiat his ejection was without right
and found a verdict In his favor as stated.
Greenberg recently obtained judgment
against 'the association for $3000 damages
for -a similar wrong- done him.. . ¦. : -, :¦
Court Notes.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 19.— The State De
partment has . received a cablefrram from
United States Charge d' Affaires d'Aupere,
at Bogota, stating that a great battle has
been : fought at Girard Point. Magdalena
River.- Colombia, which lasjted : two days
and resulted in a decisive \Hctory for the
Government It is reportea\that 600 were
killed and Inany hundreds wounded.
Colombian Rebels Defeated
by the Government
Forces.
SIX HUNDRED ARE
KILLED IN BATTLE
Never violate a faith, desert a friend or
leave a.woman in an ill-humor.
"California Wild' Flower", and "Poppy."
calendars, 50 cents each. "Little .Chi
nese," 25 cents each. These are the best
calendars for Eastern friends. Eanborn,
Vail &, Co.. 741 Market street. •
Soldiers Make Known Their "Wishes*
The Christmas committee: of ..the -Red
Cross Society reports that physicians at
the Presidio have Inquired of the invalid
soldiers ' there what Christmas present*
they would prefer., One" soldier wishes a
book with pictures of Irish scenery" ' an
other asked for the work known as "Pio
neers of: America." .'.'Muffler*, woolen-sHp
pers. combs, brushes, " whlskbrooms,*
handkerchiefs, .tobacco and writing* ma
terials are also . found to be acceptable.
Donations of such articles and also money
can be used by the committee for, the ben
efit of Uncle Sam's Invalided warriors. "
It takes two, to make an agreement— and
a lawyer to get the best of It.
Instructed to \ Take Charge ' Pending
Arrival of M. de Trobrian'd--IleV '
quiem Mass f or Antoine. :
Information was received In -this' city
yesterday that Baron St. ; Laurant, . the
French Consul at" Vancouver, B. - C.,\ has
received <" instructions ; from •' M. : Delcasae,
French . Minister ! , of Foreign V Affairs.' to
come to ' San * Francisco I at once -; to take
charge of the affairs of. the /French" Con
sulate during the next three months, un
til the' arrival here' of ithe Consul. :-.;.The
transfer of Baron; St. Laurant to this city
Is ¦ due ¦ to the • recent ; suicide of - Paul , An
tolne,. the : French Vice Consul. : M. de
Trobrland, the Consul General, is now in
France, and Paul Berrel is now in charge
of the Consolate. . \ . -
'•-- To-morrow i morning -- at . 11 o'clock - the
French colony will hold religious services
over ' the remains of the late Paul *An
toine. Vice. Consul of : France. The ser
vices -.will be ' held at the French • church
Notre Dame des VIctolres." and invitations
have . been ' issued .- by M.- Paul •--¦-• Serrel,
the acting Consul. , After the services the
remains of < the late .Vice : Consul 'will -", be
placed -' In " a . receiving ¦ vault and V will, be
ultimately shipped to France.
M. LE BARON ST. LAUBANT^ ?
FRENCH CONSUL PRO TEK
Ira DeWltt Clinton was granted a <JU
vorce yesterday from Grace Heebe Clin
ton on the ground . of desertion. Nellie
Owens was granted a «llvorce from Jere
miah J. Owens by Judge Bahrs on the
ground of desertion. Suits for: divorce
were filed yesterday by Margaret McCar
ren against Thomas McCarren ¦ for fail
ure to provide; ElUa W. Crosman against
Courtland D. Crosman for desertion;
James L. McComb against Lizzie Y: Mc-
Comb for desertion: Mrs. A. r L. "Rose
against Frank O. Rose for 'failure to pro
vide, and H. G. Davis against Rebecca
Davis for desertion. . .
In the Divorce Court.
Dec.' 19.^-Captaln Monti
gomery X>.' : Parker, of j the i Eighth 1 1nfantry,
* died *- In V- the « military^ hospital S at£ Manila'
'on the night'of the 17th inst. of dysentery
and 1 liver, trouble. ..
Captain- M. 3>. ; Parker.
PHOENIX. : Ariz.;* Dec.' 19.— Dr.* W. Ray
mond < Stricklen," pastor :*¦ of the :- Hamlin
Methodist* Episcopal \ Church- of rWashing
ton.iD."*C:,i died -.here* to-day of : lung
trouble. ;* ¦ '* He came to Phoenix ' a month
ago.* "/The: body will be sent to Washing
ton'- to-morrow. i-.t._ _, l.^^.^.j..' . ' :
Dr. JW. ; Raymond ¦[ Stricklen.
* SAN ,' JOSE.1 Dec^'i 19.^ r John~ Cereghlno, , a
pioneer resident of s this county s and r one , of
the ; founders 'of; the Santa . Clara^Vegeta
ble Unions-died quite suddenly at hi&" h'oir.e
in Santa Clara to-day." He had been ailing
for a. couple of days, but .was. not believed
to be seriously, ill. ' -
John' Cereghino.
PHILADELPHIA? Dec. 1 , 19.— E. • E. - Zim
merman , the ] well-known - theatrical : man
ager,, is dead at Berwin/i Chester County,
Pa., aged r 50 > years. Mr.'- Zimmerman's
health had' been' much shattered^ since an
accident in New- York," four years -ago.
when he broke his ankle while alighting
from'a street car. - - r :W8Rv$
E. E.\ Zimmerman.
. RENO. Nev.," Dec. 19.— Mrs. C. E. Smith
died .suddenly here . to-day ? of heart dis
ease at the age of seventy-five years. She
was : the widow -of Ned: Smith, one of the
oldest of Calif ornianr pioneers, who 1 , was
murdered" sixteen ' years , ago by : a man
named LeLauey. "DeLauey - t was ' hanged
by a mob for, his crime.
Mrs. C. E. Smith.
-Mrs." Pauline Jacobs, mother of fourteen
Children, of *. whom ten -survive, died sud
denly at her - home, 2011 Pine ; street, last
evening.. She * was 67 years of age. Sho
camo to the United States In early youth
and accompanied her. husband overland In
1853. Her husband was a money lender
and widely known as "Uncle Jacobs." He
died in 1S89.
THE DAY'S DEAD.
Mrs. Pauline Jacobs Dies.
The ofBetrB of the Grand Council of Cal
ifornia of the Order of Chosen Friends,
the affairs of which are now in the hands
of a receiver In the Bast, have been hold
ing meetings to the end that the Califor
nia membership may be protected. The re
sults of tho conferences will not be- made
known until some plan is oecided upon. *
F. O. Brandon, an attorney representing
Matilda Kolxier and Paul W.. Lawlor.
members of the order, has • commenced
two suits against the order and had at
tachments levied on the immediate relief
fund, which amounts to $12,000. One sum
Is for $4477 and the other for JSOO. . The
contention Is that the receiver East. has
no Jurisdiction over this fund and that it
belongs to the members of the order In
this jurisdiction.
Order of Chosen Friends.
The Rainier left Seattle on December 14,
going to Whatcom, where ehe picked up
the lumber-laden Frisbie. The weather
down the strait? on Sunday night was
mild, and a pleasant run was looked for.
On Monday morning, when about ten
miles off Cape Flattery, the first storm
pusts- were encountered, rapidly increas
ing in fury and violence until a steady
Fale was on. Captain Hansen said to
r.i?ht:
"The gale came up so quickly' that I be
»!eved ft v.-ould scon subside, and we kept
plugging away on our course. Besides,
the tess became so heavy that for a time
I was afraid to put the vessel about.
There was no danger of our foundering,
end the storm decreased In violence
toward Mondav evening. On Tuesday it
started again, "coming in squalls blowing
at the rate of about sixty miles an hour.
It was one of the worst gales I have en
countered on the sea in many years. We
made slow headway, and. as there was no
f ipn of the storm abating, 1 decided to re
turn."
The Rainier coaled here to-night, and.
If reports from the Cape are favorable,
will make a fre&h rtart to-morrow morn
ing. ___^___
DRIFTS IN FURIOUS GALE.
Steamer Coquille River Reaches Se
attle After a Tempestuous Trip.
SEATTLE, Dec. IS.— The steamer Co
!j-j!lle River is safe at anchor in the bay,
after having drifted about four days at
the mercy of the storm which raged alone
the North Pacific Coast. The CoquIUe
River sailed from San Francisco on Wed
nesday last in ballast, bound for Grays
Harbo'r. Shortly after putting to sea the
v.*lnd begun to blow hard from the south
east and steadily Increased in violence.
The first day out she lost one blade of her
propeller and during the following two
days she lost two other blades, leaving
but one blade. In this condition the ship
could not be even steadied without the use
of sails, and tinder the stress of the tu
multuous seas it was necessary to
heave to.
As It was Impossible to make any head
way agair.st the southeast gale the ves
cel continued drifting north and entered
the 6traits, using what was left of the
propeller and the foresaiL The mainsail
had be«n blown from the ring bolts on
Saturday and 6be finished her voyage un
d'-r foresail end the single blade left on
her propeller.
The Coquille River will be beached and
Fhlp a new propeller and then proceed to
Ballard and load a cargo of. lumber for
Ban Francisco.
River Steamer Sinks.
PORTLAND, Or., Dec. 19.— The river
et earner Sarah Dlxon was sunk this morn
ins by running into the dike opposite
Mount Coffin, on the Columbia.; the
steamer lies partly upon the dlkej but
projects into fifteen feet of water. The
damage will not be heavy.
BOARD OF EXAMINERS
ABE VESTED WITH POWEB
Attorney General of the Opinion That
the State Officers May Approve
Specifications.
Attorney General Tirey L. FoTd yes
terday forwarded to the State Board of
Examiners his opinion of the law respect-
Ing the authority of the Board of Examin
ers In the approval of plans and specifi
cations under the so-cilled Debris Com
missioner act of 1^37. The act In Question
appropriates J2r9,000 for the construction
cf restraining harried, dependent upon a
l:ke appropriation by Congress. Congress
made its appropriation of $250,0w. thus
making $500.<««> available.
Th* 1 Federal engineers, .to whom, was to
be intrusted the construction of tho
wcrke provided for. laid out a project con
t'stJngr of the construction of several re
etrainingr barriers, settling basins, etc.,
in the foothills of the Sierras on the Tuba
River near Marysville. the whole to coat
«>me JWW. The California law, how
ever prohibited the Suite Board of Ex
emlnere from approving plans and speci
fications Involving a co«t t greater than
I500000 In rtew of this provision of Ihe
State law the State Board of Examiners
inquired of th<> Attorney General a* to the
limitations of their authority In the prem
ise*. The Attorney General -calls attention
to a subsequent act of Congress provid
ing that the Federal engineers may pro
ceed with the work to the extent of $5*).
(WO lea vine the remainder In abeyance
awaiting further actlcn of Congress and
of the State Legislature. Pursuant to this
later act of Congress the Federal en
gineers submitted to the War Depart
ment a projeot for the expenditure of
tyrt.OOn and the plans and specifications
in connection therewith, the Attorney
General pays, may be approved by the
State Board of Examiners.
RELEASED FROM PRISON
ONLY TO BE BEABBESTED
Luclen Koch, who was recently released
from the County Jail after serving a sen
tence of one year for stealing a pair of
vases from the California Hotel, is again
In trouble. On December 16 Koc»» en
tered the room of ex-Police Judge Low
at the Golden West Hotel, and stole a
erip containing a manicure set. a pair of
ooera glasses and other articles valued at
about $100. Koch was Identified by a
Third street pawnbroker to whom he sold
the stolen article*, for a ridiculously
r-mall amount. He was arrested Sunday
right by Detectives Harper and Arm-
Ftrong- and Corporal Anthony while en
lovine the show at the Orpheum. Koch,
it is said, is well connected. His parents
are now in Europe.
Beer "Wagon I>rivers Organize.
A union of beer driver* was formed at
1159 Mission ftreet last night under the
auspices of the Brewery Workmen's
Union- Seventy-five drivers signed the
roll. Ernest Koenig was elected tem
porary treasurer and A- K. Andre tem
norarv secretary. It was resolved to Im
mediately obtain a charter from the Na
tional Union of United Brewery -\Vork-
The union wa; organized to comply with
a resolution passed at the last convention
cf that body, which requires all employes
of hr<?w*>rie« and bottling: establishment*
to be union men before the union label can
be issued to brewery
Elects Officers.
The First Hungarian Mutual Aid So
ciety cf tb« PaciHc Coast at Its laat meet
ing elected the following named officers
for the ensuing term: President, Sandor
Hoffman; vice president. William Conn:
(secretary. William Rosenberar: financial
secretary. Slg. Grossman: treasurer. S.
8zeee4y; librarian, L. Gutter, trust «»cs.
Max Popper, William Conn and I. Fried.
Camera Supplies.
Cameras, photographic supplies, kodaks,
albums for unmounted photographs,
printing and developing. 1 Eanborn, Vail
& Co.. 7*1 Market street. •
The lury retired and brought In a ver
dict "That Benjamin's death was caused
by a fall precipitate by a blow struck by
Edward R. Shirran." After the verdict
Shirran was charged at the City Prison
with manPlaurhter and was immediately
released on J3000 bail.
Ed Shlrran. whom Benjamin charged
with the assault, was the principal wit
ness. He explained to the Jury that on
the evening In question he was walking
on Market street with his wife, when
Benjamin, who was with another gentle
man named Tungate, bumped Into her.
This was repeated, and later, -when Shlr
ran stepped back of his wife to allow
eome ladieB to pass, Benjamin and Tun
gate took his place and kept bumping
against her and staring at her. He asked
Benjamin what he meant and was given
ari Insulting reply. While trying to have
Benjamin desist, Shirran was poked sev
eral times with a cane in the etomach
by Tungate and forced Into a corner.
Shlrran called to his brother to help
him and Benjamin, applying a vile epi
thet, eaid: "Now I'll fix you. He raised
his arm to strike when Shlrran assaulted
him, knocking him down, and treating
Tungate In a. like manner.
Tungate testified that he had been vis
ited by a brother-in-law of Shirran named
Josselyn. who said that the affair was
the result of a mistake. Josselyn. he said,
explained that two men had Insulted Mr.
and Mrs. Shlrran and that he and Shlr
ran had gone back to find the men. Mrs.
Shlrran made a mistake in pointing them
out and the row resulted.
An inquest was held yesterday after
noon in the case of II. Benjamin, the aged
auctioneer, who died on Monday last of
a. fractured skull, the result of a blow
received in an altercation on the 9th ult.
Jury and Released on Three
Thousand Dollars' Bail.
Arrested After Verdict of Coroner's
ftTTTR.'R.Are IS CHARGED
WITH. MANSLAUGHTER
NASHVILLE, Tenn., Dec. 19.— About
two hundred negroes -will leave Nashville
to-morrow < on a special • train for Hono
lulu.: They will sail from San "Francisco.
The negroes are going to work on sugar
plantations. Another, large expedition will
leave in a few weeks, as the sugar plan
tation owners want 10,000 Southern ne
gro families. 1 ¦ They are paying their ex
penses, and agree to give them lucrative
employment, their work hours being from
8 a. '.m. to 6 p. m. -They- are .also ex
empted from taxation for three years.
Two Hundred to Leave
Nashville on a Special
I rain.
NEGROES BOUND
FOR HONOLULU
windows, evidently with the purpose of
providing a means of escape in case of
discovery. He then passed-back through
the dining-room, entered the hall- and
went upstairs. In the room occupied by
Fred, the twelve-year-old son of Mr.
Thomas, he secured $12 25, a fountain pen
and some other -small articles. The
burglar then made his way to the sleeping
apartments occupied by Mrs. Thomas and
her daughter, Nora; a girl of 18 years.
"I was awakened by the flashing of
light on my dresser." said Mrs. Thomas
to-day. "In the darkness and on first
awakening I thought It was my son and
called softly to him, 'Hudson'.' There was
no answer. Then I realized who was in
the room. The burglar kept moving a
bullseye lantern over the dresser in
search of valuables. He must have heard
my call, but did not heed it. I was thor
oughly frightened and noiselessly pinched
my daughter on the arm- As soon as
-she awoke she saw . the burglar and
screamed. In an instant he sprang to the
side of the bed and flashed the bullseye
lantern in our faces, to blind us. He
thrust a revolver into our faces and cried,
'Your money.' My daughter was cool
and said, 'Why, we haven't any money
here. You don't suppose we keep it Vn
our house.' 'Your watches/- demanded
the man. Again Nora said, 'We haven't
any.' She was so cool that I got courage
and called two or three times to my. son.
The burglar told us both to shut up and
threatened us with -his revolver.
"My son Hudson had heard the noise
and came running toward our room. He
called out. 'I'm coming,' and this fright
ened the burglar. He sprang from our
LONDON, Dec. 20.— The War. Office last
evening could f give no Information re
garding the reports of a Boer invasion
of Cape Colony. The officials expressed
the opinion, however, that the newspaper
accounts were exaggerated and that prob
ably the troops who have been employed
in chasing General Dewet will be diverted
to deal with the Invader3. Having regard
to -the customary methods of the War, Of-'
flee, this can only be interpreted as con-'
firming the reports that Lord Kitchener
in the meantime^ keeps a tight rein over
the news, which increases the public dis
quiet. There is a persistent rumor that
he has demanded heavy reinforcements.
According to the Dally Mail, private tel
egrams received, in London yesterday de
pict the situation in Cape Colony as some
what ominous. It seems that the invad
ing Boers are receiving considerable as-
Eistance from the local Dutch and that
the troops at the disposal of the: British
authorities are not sufficient to cope with
any serious spread of the military opera
tions. It 1» believed that the Government
has at last awakened to the seriousness
of the situation and is making the utmost
efforts to provide Lord Kitchener with
horses and- mules.
The British losses at Xooitgedacht, - ac
cording to the official . advices, were
eighty-two killed and wounded, with
forty-four missing and still , unaccounted
for. ; " . - ¦¦ ¦ ¦¦¦:¦., ¦
A special from Krugersdorp," Transvaal,
dated Sunday, December 16, says : , . A
pitched' battle is imminent between the
British under General Clements, who has
been reinforced, and the Boers under
General "Deiarey. .
British Troops Engaged in
Chasing Dewet Are
Diverted.
BOER INVASION
OF CAPE COLONY
BERKELEY. Dec 19.— A burglar
entered the house of F. F.
Thomas. 2401 Channing way.
shortly before 2 o'clock this
morning and made his way to a
room where Mrs. Thomas and her daugh- j
ter were sleeping. Mother and daughter
were awakened and when the latter
6creamed the burglar flashed a bullseye
lantern on them, thrust a revolver in
their faces and threatened their lives.
The prrnnpt assistance of Hudson, the
22-year-old son of Mr. and Mrs.
Thomas, caused the burglar to take flight
and he succeeded in making his escape.
He took with him $13 75 in coin and sev
eral articles of small value.
The house-breaker effected an entrance
through a small window opening on the
front porch.' Evidently it had not been
securely locked and was " easily ' forced
with a jimmy. Before discovering the
window, however, the burglar had made
futile attempts to bore holes through two
heavy doors on the porch. The main
door, of heavy oak. had a half-inch auger
hole bored through part way into a panel
near the lock. The other door, of red
wood, had five- holes in it. They were
bored close together in a small panel near
the lock. One hole was entirely through
and the others nearly so.
After getting Into the house the burglar
made hi3 way through the dining-room to
the kitchen, where he opened doors and
THRILLING EXPERIENCE OF MRS. F. F. THOMAS AND HER DAUGH
TER WITH A MASKED BURGLAR, WHO BLINDED THEM WITH A
BULLSEYE LANTERN AND THREATENED TO SHOOT THEM.
Year Course of Study in High
Schools.
The Board of Education yesterday ac
cepted the resignations of Mrs. Kate F.
Delaney (nee Qulnlan), teacher, in the
Moulder School, and Mrs. Xetta Law
rence Mclntosh of the Lacuna Honda
School. Their successors were not ap
pointed, but Chairman Mark says that :
Miss Maguire and Miss Dworvazek. who
are about to return from long leaves of
absence, .will be selected.
Leaves of absence were granted to Mar
garet A. Burnett of the Sutro School and
Miss R. Thayer, principal of the Chinese
School. The application of Mrs. S. Holme*
for an extension of her leave for six
months was taken under advisement
The board decided that as "the four
years' course of study to be inaugurated j
In the high schools does not require any <
change in textbooks now in use in the |
three years' course, but necessitates the j
addition of four others of small cost, the t
following books be adopted for use in the
high schools: "Old Greek LJfel" (MahaX
fy), "Business Life in Ancient Rome"
(Herberman), "Plutarch's Lives" (edited
by Edwin Glnn>, "Ftr3t Book in Physical
Geography" (Tarr).
Permission was given to teachers to rec
ommend to pupils the purchase of Lab
berton's historical atlas or other work
of similar scope and not more expensive.
The salaries of teachers, janitors' and
demands for rent for December, 1900.
were ordered paid.
The report of the Board of Examination
recommending renewal of grammar certi
ficates to Miss McQuald. Miss M. H. Hor
ton. Miss M. D. Curant. Miss Maria F.
d'Or and special certificate to J. J.
Schmitt was adopted.
The recommendation of Miss J. A.
Michelson to the board for a high school
certificate was withdrawn because It was
issued on her high school life diploma ->t
Nevada, which is not recognized by this
State.
The recommendation for a renewal of a
special certificate in drawing, wood carv
ing: and clay modeling- standing in the
name of Mi5S M. M. Van Vleck was sus
pended pending an Investigation into the
history of an examination on the results
of which It was originally issued. >
Additional Books Adopted for Four-
TWO TEACHERS RESIGN
FHOM THE DEPARTMENT
MASKED BURGLAR THREATENS
WOMEN WITH BIG REVOLVER
Enters Berkeley Home of F. F. Thomas But Is
Frightened Away by Son of the House.
GREAT TRIUMPH
FOR CALIFORNIA
Comnryissioner W. W. Foote
Tells About Paris Exposition.
far as I was personally concerned there
wasn't an American came near our head
quarters who went away dissatisfied. I
had carriages ready ill the time, did any
amount of private tntsrtaining. but I felt
that I was there as "the servant of Cali
fornia. It didn't- ma.tter whether It was
the fellow from Fresno who had saved
for a year to go to the exposition or the
man. who could buy Paris— they all were
bllke to me.
"I went down to see General Peck one
day. He said: 'What are you people doing
from California?'
" 'Well.' I replied. *we are doing the
best we know how." .
" 'What about these headquarters of
yours?" . „
" 'We are paying for them and the
United States has sot (1.000.000 and can
get one of it wants to.'
"That's the way It went." Everybody
was amazed at California.
"Now for some particulars. If it had
not been for California there would not
have been an idea of our forestry re
sources. California was the only Stats
that made a forestry exhibit. The only
other forestry exhibit was that of tho
Southern Railway, showing Florida and
Mississippi woods. We had forty-nlnfl
magnificent specimens, and the famous
Hatch collection. We presented a mag
nificent redwood table to the President cf
France, but he could not accept It be*
cause cf some law about accepting elf ts
Irom foreign powers.
"Then we turned It over to the Ameri
can Chamber of Commerce in Paris, an
Institution which will maintain a perma
nent exhibit there of American product*.
That is one outgrowth of the exposition
and a mighty valuable one. In disposing*
of our exhibits at the close of the expo
sition we took care to place them wher*»
they would do good. For example, somo
of our California made> furniture arvl
bric-a-brac went to the American Hospi
tal. Our mining- exhibits went to one *>f
the prominent scientific societies. We
sent a line collection of California wood.i
to the famous park at Vlncennes. Other
things went on exhibition at the Ameri
can Express Company. A large lot of our
wines and our canned stuff was sold with
a guarantee that they would be used In
the public restaurants.
"We sent maps, six in a series, showing
our agricultural, horticultural, mining,
oil. forest and other resources, to every
board and Chamber of Commerce In Eu
rope. We sent them to every foreign com
mission at the exposition and we couldn't
supply the demand.
"I "went over for California and I never
missed a trick. I understand there's b«en
a lot of abuse here, but I won't discuss
It. That's all there Is to It."
Commissioner Foote wanned up In som*
descriptions of the magnificent courts oi
France as architectural and esthetic mar
vels, >but he did not like the stylo of
conducting trials.
"Why." ejaculated the Commissioner,
"I saw a. murder trial that took less than
an hour to finish. The Jury sat— well. It
seems to me, a quarter of a mil* from
the lawyers and his client. Three Jnd-res
In red— blood-retJ robes, ready for buai
ness-^-told the jury what to do. They re
tired and In five minutes had the poor
man ready for the guillotine.
"I left Secretary Gaskill in New York
with Assistant Secretary W. E. Da trie
Jr. They were- cleaning up some work
there on returning exhibits."
Mr. Dargie is due home to-morrow.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ARRIVED.
IiATE SHTPFTNG DTTEIililG-ENCE.
¦Wednesday. Dec 13.
Stmr Geo Loomls. Bridge tt, 23 hours from San,
Pedro.
Stmr Aberdeen, Hanson, bound to Saa Diego;
put in to land passengers.
SEATTLE— Arrived Dec 13 — Stmr Dlrlga.
from Skaguay. .
OAKLAND. Dec. 19.— "The United
States Is a part of California. That Is the
impression Europeans got at the Paris
Exposition from the ". magnificent adver
tising our St^Uo received from Its com
mission and I the tremendous social, com
mercial and all-round activity displayed
by her representatives." Such was W.
W. Focte's expression to-night upon his
arrival home from Paris, where through
out the great exposition he acted as one
of the California commission sent out
from this State to advertise her wealth
cf resources to the people of the worlo.
1 hat the work was well done. Commis
sioner Foote declares with much em
phasis. ...Brushing aside irom the mo
ment the minor details, he sums up his
opinion of results In the brief comment
above quoted. •
Foote, with his daughter.
Miss Bertha Foote, arrived at Oakland
to-night On the overland train. They went
at once to the residence of Mrs. Chauncey
Taylor at 704 Eighth street, where a few
intimate friends were assembled to wel
come home the distinguished Calif orhlan.
Foote was in the best of
health and ¦ good spirits, thoroughly
aroused to the subject of the exposition
and more than satisfied with what he em
phatically declared had been one of the
greatest triumphs that California had ever
won/ ,' ' -.*-;¦
"The commission does not require any
commendation outside of the report "which
will shortly be given to the public through
the regular otlicial channels," said Mr.
Foote. "Now, of course. I have heard of
stories and lies and trash that have been
sent out from Paris with relation to the
commission, but I want to say right here
that I have good reason to know whence
they emanated, who was responsible for
them, and I will not dignify them by giv
ing them the slightest consideration.
When the people of this State realize that
California took a grand prlx In every
class in which the State had an exhibit
when the people learn that California took
half the" medals, awards and prizes that
were given to the whole United States,
and then when the - people of California
learn by our official reports that we re
: turn $14,000 of our appropriation to the
State, they will realize that the record of
her representatives is a good one.
"No, I do not know any more French
now than when I went away. I did not
stop to study French. I was- too busy
trying to do something for California.
''When I eot over there* I found that
¦out of the sixty Jurors that had been ap
pointed from the United States on award*
California had not one. I decided that
would no.t do. So I spent five weeks get
ting a representation and I landed five
men. You see my old training in that line
served me in good hand then and the way
our jurors .plucked the grand prlx and
the little prizes and all the rest was a
caution to our fellow-citizeno from other
States.
"Of course we had some banquets.
They were good ones and I am glad Cali
fornia had a chance to show- what she
could do. The first one was to De Young
and that was arranged before I got over
there. The next .big burst of festivities
was the Californlans' celebration of
Fourth of July. That was Just befora
Runyon left. I was doubtful whether. we
could use any of our appropriation for
that affair, so I decided to raise the
money myself. In twenty minutes I got
$1000, and had Californlans tumbling over
themselves to contribute. Well, we con
tracted for Sousa's Band to play In front
of the grand opera-house. . For the first
time in the history of Paris a permit was
Issued by the Prefect of Police for that
concert, and when the time. came he sent
200 policemen around". We opened the
California headquarters and had 4000
guests during the day. including not less
than 1200 Californlans. In the evening
25,000 Frenchmen were in the square to
hear the concert, and the "Star Spangled
Banner" and the "Marseillaise 1 drove
them frantic with enthusiasm. Then we
had Emma Nevada Albertinl and a lot of
other prominent singers and Instrumen
talists who begged to entertain us.
1 "The next big affair was our celebra
tion of the semi-centennial Admission
day. We sent 1500 Invitations and had
everybody there from the American Min
ister down. And we whooped it up for
California in a manner that made the
eyes of our French friends bulge with ex
Cl »But n that was the social side of it. So
room and raft* noiselessly downstairs.
Hudson and Nora followed him. but he
leaped out the window .he had entered
and made his escape.
"I believe he was a young man. for I
thought at first he was my son. He wore
a black mask of cloth with simply two
holes cut for eyes. He had on a dark
cult with sack coat and a black slouch
hat. He evidently had something soft on
his feet, as he made no nolsa when he
ran." * ¦¦,-¦;'. < i\
"I was more frightened when It was
over with," said Nora Thomas, "than
•while it was happening. I really didn't
know there was any money in the house,
so I didn't think I was telling him any
thing wrong. He carried away my purse,
but that only had $1 50 in it. We never
had an experience like that before and
we don't want one again."
The burglar in his flight left an um
brella on the front porch. It is an ordi
nary black affair with a steel rod. The
handle 13 of dark rough wood with a half
crook. There is an unengraved silver
name plate on the. handle.
The Thomas house is one of the largest
and finest in town. It Is a large three
story dwelling on the corner of Chan
ning way and Dana street. The Thomas
family has only occupied it for a few
months. Mr. Thomas was not at home
at the time of the burglary. He was In
Calaveras County, where his duties as
superintendent and manager of the Gwtn
mine keep him most' of the time.-,
A considerable quantity of Jewelry
and silverware were overlooked by the
burglar, *
I Berkeley evidently has a house-breaker
to deal with. Two visits have been made
to the B. W.' Morgan house at the corner
of Durant avenue and College way. ' On
Monday night Mrs. Morgan heard some
one ang on investigating saw a man leap
over the railing of the front porch and
run down the street. Last night at
about midnight Miss Morgan aroused the
family, declaring 1 there was a burglar in
the house. Lights were turned on and
an investigation commenced. The man
had evidently made his way into the
house through a basement window and
had entered the main part of the house by
the basement stairs. *>. On hearing the
family he made his escape the same way
he entered. ;
Mayor Harrison Issues Per
emptory Order to Police
Chief.
¦'¦¦•'• I
Instructs Him to See That the Ordi
nance Adopted by City Council
Is Obeyed to the I
Letter.
•— — \'- . ' —
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO. Dec. 19.— Mayor Harrison
will stop all prize fighting in -the city ot
Chicago. He issued an order to the act
ing Chief of Police this afternoon in
structing him to enforce the ruling passed
at the last, meeting of the city fathers.
"If the game is too bad for the Council
it certainly is too bad for me," was his
Honor's comment en the resolution.
This puts an end to all the stories that
Mayor Harrison xvould not sign the lecent
ordinance of the Council.
Reports were out that he would allow j
shows for which permits had been Is
sued. It was hinted that the Mayor
might then be amenable to the law for j
granting permits on his own authority for
tight shows which were directly In con
trast to the State laws. The foregoing
order, however, does away with all ques
tions. It Is even thought that boxing at
the Chicago Athletic Association will be
stopped and the slate wiped clean.
END OF BOXING
IN WINDY CITY
SEATTLE. "Dec. 19.— After battling for
fwo days against a furious pale off Cap*
Flattery the steamer Rainier, with the
fh!p General Frisbie in tow, bound for
£an Francisco, came back up the strait*
tmd arrivtd at Seattle Harbor this after
noon. The storm. Captain Hansen, of the
Rainier says, is one of the worst that he
has ever etperieneed on the Pacific Ocean.
The cale. blowing in sudden squalls, some
times attained a. velocity of more than
-sixty miles an hour. The Frisbie'6 sails—
s-uch as it was attempted to carry to keep
her head up to the storm — were torn to
ehrefis and carried away as fast as they
could be spread. After the struggle had
lasted for two days and no headway had
been made. Captain Hansen decided that
even If the weather moderated, his sup
rly of coal •would not carry him to San
Francisco and turned back with his tow.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Encounters a Terrific Gale, and Cap
tain Himsen Decides Not to
Attempt to Beach San
Francisco.
Rainier Returns to Seattle
With the General Frisbie
in Tow.
STEAMSHIP PUTS
BUCK TO PORT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 20, 1900.
• Adelia Nelson has sued John Kohs to
recover. S5000 damages for an unusual In
jury done her. Miss Nelson alleges that
Kons "assaulted her at her home . one
evening' and kissed her on the. cheek,
•which so shocked ¦ her that she suffered
from convulsions " for thirty days." For
this wrong done her : she seeks damages
as prayed. .; - • - :.--
11
UNITED STATES BRAJJCH.
STATEMENT
OF TtiB
CONDITION AND 1 AFFAIRS
— -OF THE——
AACHEN AND MUNICH
STATEMENT
—OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE—
HANOVER
FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY
OF AIX-LA-CHAPELLE. Germany., on the
Xlst day of December. A. D. . 1SS*. and for
the year endlni on that day, as made to the
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
«10 and «1 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ABSBTS.
Cash Market value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company....*. 1789,857 50
Cash In Company's Office «* 41
Cash in Banks J9.J32 «6
Interest due and accrued on all Stocks
and Loans • »» 00
Premiums In due Course of Collection. 84.366 J
Bills receivable, not matured, taken.
•" for Fire and Marine Risks • 1.150 93
Total A~ts .......jlSlil?
=====
LIABTLITTES.
Lobsm adjusted and unpaid.. S7.S41 Cl
Losses in process of Adjustment or in
Suspense -'.'.- •••¦ —• 41.43> 93
Losses resisted. Including expenses..... i.173 00
Gross , premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $105,875 48; re-
insurance M per cent. ..V......... ...... 808,937 73
Gross ¦ premiums on Fire Risks : ran-
nlr.s more than one year. 1191.3+4 09:
reinsurance pro rata... ...:..™ 109,t8S 84
Due and accrued for salaries, rent,' etc 114 «9
All other demands ' against the com-
pany •.:...........-. 35.1SC S3
ToUl Liabilities .'...'...S391.6S4 44
FIRE INSURANCE COMPAXY
OF NEW TORK. IN THE STATE OF NEW
York, on the list day of December, A. D.
1S99, aad for the year ending* on that day. as
made to the Insurance Commissioner erf th»
State of California, pursuant to th« provisions
of section* 610 and 611 ot the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Corn*
missloner. I mm mtm
CAPTTAI*.
Amount of Capital Stock, mid op la uO?J$
Cash n.000,000 OS
I ASSETS. -
Real Estat* own«d by Company..... J4M.00O m
I>ians on Bonds and MortsaKea..... S.S0O M
Ca-h Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 3.227.3M 00
Cssh in Comrany't Office , U.O4 51
Cash In Banks......' 54,913 $7
Interest due and accrued on ah
Stocks and ~*-*>nnT JS.It* OS
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages so M
Premiums in due Course of Collectloa 233.343 M
Due from other Companies for Re-
Insurance on losses already paid... U.4S3 47
Total Assets .t3.0M.4T> M
rjABrLrnES.
txMses adjusted and unpaid -a0f>43S CS
Losses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense Tt,tM tt
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. 13,113 tt
Gross premiums on Firs Risks ran- .
nine one year or less, il. 094,094 19;
reinsurance 60 per cent B47.04S. 10
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, Jl.JK-
73S 81; reinsurance pro rata WI,13S (3
Reinsurance pramltuns ST.xtJ 33
Total UaslIlUea ta.O3.M0 17
INCOMHL
Not cash actually received for Fir*
premiums ....: — ......v.. J481.006 n
Received for Interest and dividends on
Bonds, Stocks.' Loans and from all
other sources ........................... JS.SS7 O
Received from all other nouroea.. ...... MS 73
Total Income 1507.133 tl
EXPEJfDITUREa.
Net ' amorrnt paid for Fir* losses <ln-
cludlnjr J21.78S 51. losses of previous
years)'.. ......mt91> «3
Paid or allowed for . Commission or
Brokerage I......... $5,770 W
Paid . for Balarles. Fees and other
charjes for officers, clerks, etc....... 62.474 13
Paid for State, National and Local
¦taxes .;........... W.»4 83
All other payments and expenditures.. -33.097 59
Total Expenditures ..........{533,(26 73
• , Flr«.
Losses Incurred durine* tha year....;...S343.773 (B
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks
*¦ written durlns ' ' the ; «
year,.....:.....:..:... J4S.4iB.4S0 3613.433 99
Net :¦ amount of risks .
expired during the
year .....:...;;........ 43,l«.r9 549.453 n
Net amount Mn force " • - K
December 31. ,1899.... 48.443.889 S97.a> U \
-s.- SAMU R."WEED,-ot "Weed £ Kennedy/ .
U. S. Mana^ern.
- Subscribed and sworn to befora me this 27th
day of January. 1900. * : „ • . -
F. FISHBECK. Notary Pobllc
INCOME.
Ket cash actually roesived for Fix*
premiums n.«S.W0 CT
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortrag-es m U
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds.' Stock*. Loaes and from
- all other sources Yi.ns «S
Received for *EUnts ..... n ..... M . |T,SM 7%
Received from all other soarc— ...... S8.JJS 80
Total Income .11,(73, US <t
kl AV liN Oll'L! RES. ~~
Net amoont paid for Fir* Iio«»ct (Itj-
cradlag 073,101 SI, losses of prertom SpWW|
years) V
Dividends to Stockholders .........I.. 100,000 oo
Paid or allowad ' for Commission or
Brokerass ...+..... -RS.M4 49
Paid for Salaries. Fees and oCbar
chances for officers, clerks, etc.... 123. M! Si
Paid for State, National And Local
taxes .....;... st.mn
All other payments and expenditures 110.001 SS
Total Expenditures .$1, 734.979 7»
VBH .. Flr».
Txssses Incurred durlngr tha y«ar......tl.lDevtn 07
Risks and Premiums. Fire Rules. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during- the
year nU.SS0.343 »1.33».7T3 77
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year: 15J,W1.80J teT.ttl »
Net amount to force
December XU 1S39 •g8.CT.5O t3B.BIW
I. REMSEN LANE. President.
CHAS. A. 8HAW, Secretary.
Snb«crlb*4 and sworn to befora me, this XlXh
day of. January. 1900.
JOS. ifcCORD. Notary Public
PAGIFIG GOAST DEPARTMENT,
423 CALIFORNIA STREET.
ALFRED R. GRIM, Assistant Manager. CESAR BERTHEAD, Manager.
. ;: GOS MESSINGER' and MARTIN BiSCHEN, San Francisco, Qtj Managea
Telephone Main 272. ,
AJOVEBTISEMENTS.
Cures Jlooil Poison
A Trial Treatment Sent Free to All
Who Suffer From Any St»i?e
oftbeDiseas3.
Cures Cases That Hot Springs and
All ''Other treatments Failed
to Even Help.
' \Thero has .been discovered by the Btat«
¦ Medical ' Institute. : MS Elektron building. Port •
Wayne.; Ind.; the most remarkable Blood Poison
cure ever heard of. It has cured all such In-
• dlcatlona ' as '¦ mucous ' patches '* in ' the f mouth,'
aore throat, •? copper colored ' "pota, : : chancres."
ulceratlons ' of the I body/; and ' in ' hundreds of
cases 'where tha' hair: and' eyebrows \ had fallen
'out and : th» whole skin -was . a. . mass ot - boils.',
pimples and 'ulcers this wonderful specific has
completely^ changred ¦: the".: whole , body into "a
clean. r - perfect ¦* condition . of* physical'- health.'
Every railroad running Into Fort Wayo* brines
scores of sufferers seeking this new and marrel-
ous cure, and to enable those who cannot travel
to realize what a truly .marvelous work the 'In-
stitute is - accomplishing: they ; will send ! free to
every ¦ sufferer ; a : t ree : trial ¦ treatment, i so that :
every ;one/''can = cure.theniselves-"n;the privacy
of ! tbelr - own * home. - - This : Is , the ¦ only ¦ known
cure i for ¦ Blood s Poison. Do not ;» hesitate < ; to
write at ! once : and \ tha free trial ; . will be sent
staled in plain package. ' . ¦/ '
CEREGHINO— In Santa Clara, December 13,
19C0, Giovanni B. CererMno, beloved hus-
band of Virginia Cere-rhino, father of Ceies-
tlne and Eugenie Cere-rhino. Mr». D. A.
Becchettl and Mrs. J. t>. Moresi. a native of
Italy, aged 68 years 10 months and 23 days.
tCTFrtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral, which will
take place from his late residence, 933 Grant
street. Santa Clara, Sunday, December 23. at
2 o'clock, thence to St. CIair*a Church. In-
terment at Santa. Clara.
DIED.THE SAN^ FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 20, l»M"r
12
. 3IOAEY TO LOAX. ,
HIGHLY respectable, private place t» obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. Sit Market
at.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third at
ON furniture and pianos; no removal; confiden-
tial: on diamonds, etc. 31 Taylor st.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
TO salaried pe«ple without collateral cr in-
- dorser. S. F. Dlseoqnt Agency. 143 Phelan bid.'
ANY proposition, any amount: 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
in estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room 18.* 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN Se OLSEN.
MUSICAL KSTRCME.fTS.
WE have still a few choice bargalna for
,,, those who want a very good piano for a very
low price. J Purses holding anywhere from
¦ $50 to $200 can be emptied and the contents
exchanged for a piano. Special discounts for
. cash this week, yet any piano in stock will
be sold on , payments if desired. Open even-
lngs> MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st.
BEAUTIFUL BaumeUter pianos as low as $350
' on eaay payments, at MAUVAIS'. 769 Market
TWO fine • second hand Decker & Son pianos
at a bargain. Cash or payments. MAU-
VAISV: 769 Market st.
GREAT sale of music rolls. Largest stock in
the city. MAUVAIS'. 763 Market st.
DECKER & SON or Packard pianos are what
you should buy if you want the best that
can be made. MAUVAIS'. 763 Market at.
ANT person having use for a piano can be ac-
commodated at Sherman. Clay & Co.'i with
easiest payments, lowest prices and moat re-
liable makers to choose from. Each the best
of their grade, from Stelnway down. Priv-
ilege given to - exchange medium and low-
priced pianos for a new Stelnway any time
within three years from date of purchase.
Beautiful new uprights sold for $6 cash an£
$6 per month. We offer to sell some good
pianos for IX $4 and $5 per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY tc CO.. Stelnway dealer*, cor-
ner Kearny and Butter sts., San Francisco;
corner Broadway and Thirteenth -at. Oak-
land. , - ' ¦ - -
A GREAT clearing up sale.; all 1900 styles 25
per cent discount Net bargains for holidays :
Guild $33
Kmerson ..........'...... $65
Fieher $S3
Decker ....; $1M
; Stelnway upright, slightly used $1S5
Chlckering i $215
Hallett & Davis $475
Heino $4S5
Rent allowed; installments. $8 down, $4 per
month up: open evenings. HEINE PIANO
CO., 217 Geary st.
A— BYRON MAUZY'S.
Holiday Bargains in Slightly Used Ptaaoa.
Pohmer, nearly new $430
Byron Mauzy, nearly new SOO
Decker & Son. walnut case 225
Stelnway & Sons 160
Weber - 115
Bord |M
308-310-312 Post st.. opp. Union Square.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is XOHLER & CHASE'S, 2S.
28 and SO O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organa and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
BARGAINS, pianos on storage almost given
, away; also car fine new pianos stored from
factory; must be sold at once to realize stor-
age and freight: Installments; open evenings.
WILSON'S STORAGE CO.. 1710 Market at
A BIG sole of pianos now going on; all pianos
at reduced prices; fine large one, $155; num-
ber on time limited; agency Chickerina-. Ma-
son & Hamlin, Vose. Sterling, etc. BENJ.
CITRTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell st. ; open even-
lngs. ¦ __i -
2 CARLOADS of pianos arrived to-day, a little
late for holidays, but they must be sold at
eome price; easy terms; every instrument
• warranted: open evenings. THE DEWING
CO., Flood building.
CHICKERING upright, left on storage. $187.
Room 36. 217 Qeary st. *
SPECIAL eale — Immense reductions: see our
leader, only $150. BRUENN. 2C8 Post at.
FinST-clasa upright piano for sale cheap; must
eell. 815 Laguna, ¦ - .
A GOOD banjo, mandolin or guitar In exchange
for typewriter. Box 33C9, Call office.
LARGE 8-peda! upright piano, used 6 mo. ; leav-
ing city. 419 Van Nesa ave.. nr. McAllister.
THREE-PEDAL upright: nearly new; bargain;
owner leaving city. 2233 Mission st.
GREAT many bargains In Snd-hand uprights;
small installments. Hornung. 216 McAllister.
HIGH-GRADE pianos: Steck. Hardman. Con-
over A others. W. B. ALLEN & CO.. J14 Post
AT KEEFFE'S. 983 Market at.. 4 elegant up-
rlghts at your own price. Bhontnger agincy.
PEST rent stock in city; new pianos. $3 per
month. SCOTT-CURTAZ. 580 Hayes at.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer, t Latham place.
BARGAIN — Must be sold: nice upright piano.
KCHMITZ. 16 McAlllwter nt.. next Hlb. Bank.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LKT.
A 410 KEARNY — Sunny offices, en suite or sin-
gle. $8 upward : gas ; heat and Janitor service
Included. ¦ ¦ ' - .
OIL.
ASPHALT for sale; quantities to suit; will
oon tract delivery; our oil stock advances to 3a
' share Dec 20. JUANITA OIL CO., 600 Mont-
gomery st; agents wanted on commission.
CHO1CB oil stock ot rising value In the Mo-
Klttrick district for sale. DR. HERBERT
REEVE, K\j> Kearny st. .
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ. J30 Pine street.
MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Country corre-woondence aollclted.
OIL LANDS FOR SALE.
KERN River Oil Lands — Proven territory in
the well-known tract of "Grace Oil Co." for
sale; also other oil land for sale or leaae; meat
wonderful oil field known; over 630 feet of oil
sand; buy from owners and save eommlssiona;
have been In field from start; will give you
facts concerning any locality. NEWTON.
CARMAN A BOMES. 101 Chronicle bldg., San
; Francisco: 416 Douglas Block, Loa Angelea;
Southern HotPl. Bakersfl>lrt.
~~~ palmistry!! ~
H. JEROME FOSSELLI, scientific palmist, 315
Taylor St.. bet. Geary and Post: tel. Black 561.
PATENTS AND PENSIONS.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful.
GEO. D. CAMPBELL. Lawyer. Examiner big.
PERSONALS.
OWEN McCABE. importer, dealer in feathers;
hair mattress and ptllow manufactory; old
feathers renovated and purified; all feathers
sold warranted well dressed with my patent
ateam renovator. S79 Mission, tel. Jessie 111k
RAG carpeta wove to order and for sale; also
chenille-wove rugs, , silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS. 709 Fifth, Oakland.
Superfluous /hair removed with electric needle;
electric roller facial treatment for wrinkles;
all branches taught Mlsa Eaton, 1119 Sutter.
IMPORTANT to photographers— Photon of Oen-
eral > Dewet and other prominent Boer gen-
erals for eaie. Apply 406 Minna st.
PRIVATE detective work f reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 367 Jessie at.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS, tel. South 792.
made to order, renovated; -honest 'work guar-
anteed; feathers and hair cleansed; fine uphol-
stery; goods carefully packed for shipment or
atorage. HOPKE BROS.. 318 and 320 11th at
PICTURES and plcturo frames of all descrip-
tions made to order; portraits enlarged; we
do all kinda of framing. California Frame Co.,
903 Howard; open evenlnga; tel. Howard 107S.
HAIR positively grown on bald heads by purely
vegetable compound: absolute proof.. Call or
S address PR. O. S. MOORE. 488 Geary St.. 8. V.
SUITS to order on installments; $1S upward; $1
a week. LEON LEMOS. 1117 Market at. be-
tween Sevenoth and Eighth.
ELECTRIC light in every - room — Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third at. near Market; 700 rooms;
"2Jc to $1 SO per night; $1 60 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WHITE enamel iron beds, alngle. three-quarter
*¦ cr • double. $1 ZS. - EASTERN OUTFITTING
; CO.. ,1310-1212 Stockton' St., near Broadway.' ¦
FINE aulta. ' $10; dress panU, $J 71. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery at
A— $3 CO DERBY and Fedora, hats. $1 Ii. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. S30 Kearny. st.. near Pine.
DANICHEFF sell holiday glove orders, good for
gloves ready-made or to order. 131 Grant ave.
MASQUERADE - costumes, play books, wigs;
- country orders. GOLDSTEIN A CO.. 731 Mkt.
DR. LAMOTTE'S. French Corn Paint, the bc«
- corn cure: 25c; all druggista. -
SUITS to order on easy payments. Art Tallor-
lng Co.; 1644 Mkt.. under St Nicholas Hotel.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious atones
¦;, bought. * J. ¦ R. , JENKElT S17 Market at
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; ; restores gray
Ahalr to It* natural color :$1: at all druKclsts.
:: PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS. ;
DR." C'~ C. O'DONNELL— Offlc* and residence.
1021% Market Bt.. between Sixth and Seventh.
CANCERS and tumors cured without surgical
I operation. DR.' J.* H/. REEVE. 26& Kearny.
ii'liiiiiiiiilfflir - : -
HELP, WASTED—FEMALE.
C. R.» HANSEN A: CO- • .PHONE GRANT 185
....:. hotel department:;..:..;...
2 waitresses. Marysvllle, . $20, see party here;
'2 waitresses, Arizona." 120, free fare; waitress,
: Los Angelea. $20, free fare; waitress, Lathrop,
$20;' waitress. Gait. $20; waitress,'^ Bakerefleld.
$20, <: fare . paid ; 2 waitresses, city, 1 $20 ; cham-
bermaid to walt,^;20.- - ¦• ¦-¦¦-¦" ¦¦-.-¦¦'¦'.¦:.-¦¦
...;...... FAMILY- DEPARTMENT ..........
I Housegirl for small American family, on
¦ ranch, 120, ; no "children, choice" place,; fare
, paid:'- Scandinavian ¦ or ' German I second glrl,-
?25; housegirl, tin family,-- country. $30, see
: party - here ; - housegirl on ranch;- small f am-
. ily, $20, i choice place, see party here; many
others.: GR. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WOMAN to rdo .: plain "family cooking: , must
have experience; or man and i wife- or. mother
.: and daughter could be accommodated ;. Amer-
ican family; good place for right party; apply
; at . once. : 670 . Harrison st. (RlnconHlII) ;
WANTED— Experienced lady ; cashiers. Apply
HALE BROS. (Inc.). &79-S87 Market fit., be-
tween 8 and 11' a.: m. Thursday. ,
WANTED— Experienced salesladies. ' Apply- at
HALB BROS. ' (Inc.). 979-9S7 ' Market : et:. be-
tween 8 and ill a. m. .Thursday. ' ¦'¦ , ¦
NEAT middle-aged woman for cook and general
housework, Oakland; wages $20. .-Address box
2066. Call office. Oakland. ...... ¦¦-'¦¦¦.; v
WANTED— A neat girl ' about 15 years old for
light housework. 11C0 .Webster St..
WAITER wanted at 922 Battery st. •
GIRL or woman for light , housework and care
. for children. . 2517 Bush st.'-' . ¦-.-'¦.'.'-,¦
EXPERIENCED machine operators wanted at
. BUSBY'S Glove Factory, 207 .Sacramento st.
WANTED— Nurse for a. convalescent. Apply
at ?5O4& Sutter st. ' - , » ".'¦.; .-. .;
WANTED^- FirBt-class chambermaid. 7S1 Sut-
:ter : st. ¦',¦'... . ' ; ¦ -' ." ¦ -'¦¦'' ..''•-'- "¦'¦'¦
GIRL . for : general housework;;- family of 8;
wages J20. .. 10C5 Mission Bt., near Sixth.
YOUNG i girl . to assist with housework. 1032
. Page st. ¦;: .- ;- ' - - ¦' •'¦ : . " ; "- - -
GIRL for general housework in small family;
wages $15. 600 Clayton st... corner Page.
YOUNG girl to assist In houeework. Apply
2349 Flllmoro^st. - , - . -¦ -.-
SEWING ' Machine operators wanted at Levl
' Strauss & Co.'s overall factory, 11V% Fremont
St.; Apply to MR. DAVIS.
K-N-I-T-T-E-R-8 ~~~~~~ ¦:¦ '¦:..:¦
And girls to learn to knit; good, permanent
positions. Golden Gate Knitting Mills, 9-11
:,- Btevenaon st., • near First. >. -.
WANTED— A lady and gentlemen to , rent a
restaurant, daily receipts from $12 . to ¦ $16 ;
cheap rent : - 20c meals - For particulars apply
'to MR. BECK, 646 Folsom at. --•.',
A LADY of indomitable energy, possessed of
. self-asaertlon ; good opportunity to right par-
: tyy F."- PERSON, room 4H. Parrott building.
! WANTED— Girl for general - " housework and
i plain cooking. Apply between 9 and 12 at
1287 O'Farrell'st.
WANTED— Lady of good Judgment and some
business ability for responsible position. , Box
3937. Call office. : " ."
GIRL or middle-aged woman for light house-
work in family of two; $10 per montlw 882
Fourteenth Bt. •
Al PRES9ERS wanted on cloaks at M. -SI'
M1NOFF3. 122S Market st.
NEAT young girl to assist In light housework:
family of two. 2S23 Pine at. ¦--¦-" -
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertlaements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098
Valencia at.' ' ' '
HELP "WANTED— MALE. .
A^M7jRRAirr&~RiBABY~^H^ONlB~M^JN^848
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
............WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY.. ..........
MINERS TIMBBRMEN
Tlmberman for the mines, good wages; 5
single-hand miners....... carriage painter
farmers and wives .......:... drillers, city
milk wagon driver, $35 and found; farmers
and teamsters; stablemen; choreboys; FARE
PAID for TIBMAKERS: we ship to-day!
tools and provisions furnished; woodchoppers
for all parts of California, 4 ft. and stove
wood, $1 to $3 per cord. MURRAY * READY,
C34-636 Qay et.
A— 8 WAITERS, country, $10. week and found;
cook for Government boat; German butcher;
cook for baker}', country; cook and wife, no
objection to child, hotel, mining town, $50 and
found; cooka, $30 to $50 1 baker, country shop)
waiters, etc MURRAY & READY, 634-636
Clay st.> :¦ ¦ - - ¦¦-' ¦ '"¦-¦¦¦ ¦ -¦ . ¦: . ' -:- - ¦¦
AT C. R. HANSEN A CO.'S;'. .'.Phons Grant 185
.......:... RAILROAD WORK ........:.....
25 teamsters, R. R. work, State of Nevada, $2
¦ a day and free fare. . .
10 tunnelmen, big tunnel, .Chatsworth Park;
free fare. .
20 tiemakers, $12; 10 tiemaJtera, $11, fare ad-
vanced; Swedish or German milker, country,'
$25; driver for *milk wagon, $75. .
........... HOTEL DEPARTMENT ...........
Second cook, hotel, $60; two hotel waiters,
country, $30; polisher and starcher, country
. laundry, $50; polisher, country, $25. - ¦ ,.
8 colored waiters, -country hotel, $85. .
C. R. HANSEN & CO .......104 Geary at.
A— WANTED— Cook, restaurant, $H a week and
room; harness- maker for ranch, $150 to $2 a
day and - board ; 2 woodchoppers, Santa 5 Cruz
Co., $1 50 a cord: .4. woodchoppers, Sonoma
Co., $1 25 and 75c a cord; 10 ax men to make
ties, 10c and 12c each. W. D. EWER & CO.,'
610 Clay et.
A— 2 BRICKLAYERS, 2 hard, wood bench
liands, carpenters, cabinet-makers: all non-
S union. " Mechanics' 'Registration Bureau, . 410
Kearny St.. room 9. ,-
JOURNEYMEN ¦¦ Barbers' International Union
free employment bureau; the only recognized
labor union of barbers. ' 115 < Turk Bt. ; teL
Folaom 1583. I. LESS, Secretary.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 153.
WANTED — Experienced wrappers and packers.
Apply at HALE BROS. (Inc.), 979-9S7 Market
St.. between 8 and 11 a., m. Thursday.
WANTED — Experienced salesmen. Apply ' at
HALE BROS. (Inc.). .879-987 Market St.. be-
tween 8 and 11 a. m. Thursday. .
EXPERIENCED .elevator -man on electrical
elevator. Apply at HALB BROS. (Inc.). 979-
687 Market at., between 8 and 11 a. m. Thurs-
*. day. ¦ .¦ . ..'. •'¦¦,- .---:¦ _.7 ...'¦.; : :-.' : : -. ' .
BOY wanted to taka | and deliver orders; - one
with some knowledge of butcher buslnengprt-
f erred. Apply S42 Devlsadero St., be^een
Oakland Pase. ' •:.•'¦ ' ".- ;'-:' .•.'.' j - ¦..-•• y
SHIRT.cutter on stock work. LEVI,~ STRAUSS
& CO. 1 , 364 Fremont st See H|ndshaw. r
WANTED— Barber on short hour Job; i steady,
,1759 Union st. ' ' ; ¦-'. ¦ ".: . -: •
BOY to drive wagon; $4 per week. 212 O'Far-
; rell su ¦: . .-¦ ' -¦ ¦ .' .-/.-, ' ¦' ¦'¦;- . -.¦'
GOOD dishwasher wanted at Union Hotel, op-
poelte Union Iron Works. ;., r
WANTBD— Chief cook . at : 808 '> Mission Bt.
PORTER for barber shap. - 8 ' Market st. ' -.
BOOTBLACK wanted. 162 Third et.
AN Al r steward * for large cafe; - must furnish
ref s. ; young man \ preferred. ; . Btwt ' 3947. , C»41.
WANTED— A » good dlshwaeher. 1607 Market
¦ St., near ESeventh. ¦ ¦¦;--._'. ; ¦ •
BOYB wanted for.: the I holidays. Apply at 607
Market st. '•;•-> ;.--y -.<.-. --¦¦".•*.;. : -\:-:'r,:~- ¦: ¦ , ' L'
WANTED— Popular \ man employed ¦ In the me*
chanlcai department of the Union Iron Works
\ to represent us during i his : leisure . moments |
$100 per week ', for next '¦ year can easily be
¦ made by right party. - Addresa in confidence
.- box 3908, Call omce. - - . - .,¦'.-¦¦¦;-, .-. ;¦
gentleman . , of ¦ Indomitable ~ energy and
push; good opportunity to rlgW man. F.
PERSON, roorn Hi, Parrott ; buJldlnc. ; , " r
WANT-ED— Young man, * German - referred, for
: : wine - and - bar bualne«at. references. • > Address
C. B.. Branch OJ1 office, ¦ 1941 Mission. ~ ; ,
E RR AND boy wanted. ; Apply ; to MaoGABE &
8ONS.-611 Merchant at.- /¦..-'« . •
GET your shoes I half -soled - while | waiting: I 25o
- toMo. E« Mission st.., bet. 1st and ti sts.
WANTED— Recruits for the - Marine Corps, U.
8. Navy, ' able bodied . unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of M. and 85; not
lens than R feet 4 Inches and -.not: over 6 feet
" 1 ; Inch '. in ¦ height ; « able s to read, ' write ¦'; and
- speak < English. For ' further information i ap-
1 ply at the Marine Recruiting Office, 40 Ellis
- street.' San Francisco.'? Cal: ,; .-;.- t. . „ = '.'¦;.- •¦ . . ¦ j
MEN wanted to learnt barber trade; only eight
; weeks ¦; required ; v position « guaranteed ; - special
;.,;; inducements ; v,. catalogue * free. ¦¦ ' MOLER'S
-. -i BARBER' COLLEGE, c 635 Clay at . .
WANTED^-Laborers ? and -. mechanics to know
. that : Ed ' Rolkln. } Reno House - proprietor, still
: . runs Denver; House,- 217 i Third j at. ; -: 160 large
," rooma ; ; 25c per ; night ; ¦ tl ' to $2 per. week. .* > a -;
.WANTED— 100 men 'to take - room*," Me.'' 15o and
-• 20c. ¦¦;*. Boston ; House, : 930 • Howard : at. :-.-"<:"; ' * -
BARBERS— Good j !-chalr '-ahopii; a ; bargain.'
: DECKELMAN, BROS.,' 106 Ellis at -
WANTED— Ornamental : brass ' and '¦ iron work-'
1 ; ers. ~- 8. -.: F. '« Novelty Works, i corner 'Bay and
i; , Stockton ; sts. ; :-.. . -v^-''-':, 1 ; ~-v .-..'¦; ¦"; '• t-::-''-i-'.\-'j
ALL sizes men's shoea,, slightly, damaged, half
-' price. V; 562 ¦ Mission . at.-;? bet. 1 1st and 2d; ats.H
PENSIONS-^J."! H.'i Shepard ' & Co. , '¦ old reliable
y, firm. ', 806 i. Market,! room * 40, j Phelan ' building.*. *
MEN * to ; learn -barber, trade.*! 741A Howard st,
a S.fF. Barber School.- -
f AX FRANCISCO CALL. j
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco .
Call, comer of Market and Third streets; open j
cntll 12 o"dock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFTICES-527 Montgomery street. .
corner Clay; cpen until f:SS p. m.
SOO Hayes street; open until J:30 p. m-
CZS McAllister street: open until 9:20 p. m.
C15 Larkin street; cpen until 9:S0 p. m.
1S41 Mission etreBt; open until 10 p. m.
ttn Market street, corner Sixteenth; cpen
cctil S p. m.
106 Eleventh street; cpen until » p. m.
1096 Valencia street: open until J p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Kea- j : ,
tncfcy Etreet*: open until 3 p. m. I •
1IEKTIXG NOTICES. j
MlsSION~CTiapter~No. 79. R. A. M^ ¦ j
Stated meeting THIS (THURSDAY)
EVENING. 7:30 c'Agck. Annual meet- TC/C |
ing; Royal Arch d-Kree. By order oI'V^i;
tht H. P. JOHN R. HILLMAN. !
Secretary, j
CALIFORNIA Lodr* No. 1. F- ar.d A. «
M_ will meet THIS (THURSDAY) .
EVENING. Dec. 20. at 7:30 o 1 clock. /£^ |
TMrd detrrw. Hy order of the Master. ' V '
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary. __
FTPFLJTT !>*!£<• No. 120. F. and A." M. ft
-Siwial mooting THIS (THURSDAY) _»\_
EVnXIXG, at t> o'clock. Installation Tt3\ j
of officers V.y order of the W. M. ' j
FTUCPERICK BARRY. Secretary.
ABOU BEN Al»HEM Lodge No. j .
rj. I O O. K.— Initiation THIS SESSjS I
(THURSDAY* EVENING. =^3^5?
JOHN LOUIUE. N. G. -^"»-
APOLJ.O LOr^E No. 123, I. O. O. <^*^2^ ]
V. Trlr'.e INITIATION NEXT •
(FRIDAY) NIGHT, S o'clock. ;5*S^J=^
Memorial Hall. _
HANDEL H. ZOBEL. N. 3.
TV. F. NORCROSS. Rec. Sec. .
nr-ncal meeting of the stockholders ot the
Nevada National Bank of San Francisco. Cal..
will be held et Its banking house, 301 Mont-
rcrr.ery St.. San FnSiciseo. Cal.. on TUE8--
f>AY January 8. 1S01. at 3:15 o'clock p. m.. .
icr the election of directors to serve for the :
«suiag year and the transaction of such
ether business as may roice before the meet- •
leg. GEO. GRANT. CasUer. (
e*n Fmnrl>ro. December S. 1900.
AGENTS WASTED.
BOLICTTORS OR AGENTS. 3
Gentlemen or ladies having eiDerience can
rsake big money.
Acr-iv at ence between 8 and 12 a. ra.
VTiCA CLEANSING COMPOUND CO. I
21 Er*ar st.
AGENTS— Do you want something more proflt- •
able and easier to eell than books or lnsur- J
a=ee? Add. F. PERSON, r. 412. Porrott b'.dg.
SOLICITOUS wanted; men or women: good :
salaries warranted; payable either weekly or
morthlv: expenses paid. 927 Market, rm. 615. ;
ADOPTION. ~ .
A GOOD home open for girl or boy baby. Add.
Mrs. Pr. Funke, K16 Eighth St.. Alameda. •
ASP3ALTIM ROOFIXG.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired; postal. 11S6 Mission: tel. Folsom l€07. ,
ASTttOLOCY.
PR. C. TOUSEY TAYLOR. Scientific Astrolo-
per— Free copy "The New Moon." 7C5 Market.
ATTORSEYS AT LAW.
R. W. KING. 8TT Market St.. 6th floor, room 627
—Estates, damages, attachments, bankruptcy,
collections; all cases; fair fee; no advance
charges; loans on estates. Tel. Howard 1537.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specially; private;
co fee without success: collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law.K.0 Market, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 827 Market et., opp. Mason.
FRANK W. SMITH; mining and protate law •
a specialty. Mills bldg., room 2, 4th floor.
I. EDW. JARRETT. Hearst bide-. Third and
Market ets.: phone Red E-62.
L. E. CLARK. Ensma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket ft.: consultation free: no fees in advance.
BATH CABIXETS.
ROBINSON. Niagara, Perfection and others. W.
P BROWN CO.. agency. *2i Ellis St.. S. F.
BICYCLES For Sale or Kichangc
ALLEN' cells the Best bicycles. Columbia,
Spaldlcg, .Barnee, Hartford, Monarch. Stor-
mer. Pennant, 120 up. 301 Larkin A 1970 Page.
X2ICYCLES at reduced prices: we are clearing
cut cur 1S0O models to make room for new
1901 f tock. Yosftntte Cycle Works. 15g Market
UVSIMJSS CH.WCES.
A— JJOOO— LEADINO barroom of this city; es-
tablished many years and doing a flrst-class
paying business; place is located near Kearny
and Market Bts.; above SZ500 stock on hand;
splendid bargain; owner must leave the city
at once to attend business north. Call R. G.
VTILKE, 26^ Kearny nt.
A— S1230; CORNER grocery and bar, one block
couth ci McAllister et.; rent (45; 4H years
lease; stock will invoice the price; a good-
rayiiig business and established many years.
Call R. G. WILKE. JSfc Kearny Et.
A— «500; SALOON; estab. 20 years; close to
Ctronlcle bldg.; stock will Invoice the price;
lease; place known as one of the best-paying
resorts in city. Call R. G. Wllke. 26^ Kearny.
J4C0 — CORNER saloon on Davis St.; no Sunday
cr r.ltht work: rent $50; a first-class paying
propev.-io'-.. Inquire R, G. WILKE, 2C>4
Kearny Et. • - •
JSO!>— FOR sale; saloon, one block north of
Market st.; under present ownership over a
Ccien years; reasonable rent; examine stock;
rare chance. Particulars R. G. WILKB, 2CV»
Kearny st.
A— $600; CORNER saloon on Jackson et.: rent
££0; kept by present owner 7 years: good busi-
ness; clearing 1125 per month. R. G. WILKE.
ZWi Kearny et.
A— HOC; BRANCH bakery and stationery; 4 liv-
ing rooms; rent 113; a good buelness for nuta
tisd wife. Inquire R. C WILgE. 26ti Kearny.
A-M.AGNIFICENT bargain; grocery and bar;
best corner location, near City Hall, estab-
lished 10 years; a money-maker; rent, ISO,
with 4 years' lea»« and 10' months' Insurance
paid on stock. M. A- BXtOOKS, 12 Golden
Gate ave.
HOO-RESTAURANT: great bargain; immediate
departure cause of sale, McLAUGHLIN &
CO.. T77V; Market et-
J150— PARTNER wanted In chicken ranch;
steady man required. McLAUGHLIN & CO.,
77TVa Market et.
A— WANTED— A good tenant for grand cor-
ner *tore and basement with fixtures suit-
able for grocery business; special lnduce,-
ments. Apply 8PECK & CO.. 667 Market.
J4S0— FRENCH laundry, with all tools neces-
sary; doing fine business. BASILE. 2 Eddy..
FOR eale — A first -class hotel containing 40
rooms, furnished throughout; in running
onler; been open 10 years; oh principal street;
the. leading hotel; bar attached: at one of the
prominent rummer resorts, within 3 hours*
ride from San Francisco. Address for full par-
ticulars box S88S, Call office.
GENTLEMAN, 20 to 40 years age, with $SOo'
can secure >$ interest In manufacturing buel-
news at present earning $45 per week net: in-
creased capital will double thia: must be a
ruetler and a willing, practical man. Apply
box 2S4L Cail office.
TO phyElcians— Good property and practice in
Cal. railroad town: $3000: no other physician
Apply or call MISS TURNER, Seamen's
Home, cor. Main and Harrison sta.. 6. F. ;
BARBER shop completely furnished, with i
new revolving chairs, to let cheap to a first- '
cla*s barber. Inquire Commercial Hotel. Oak- .
land racetrack, Emeryville.
J&O-DELICACT, canned goods, bread, milk,
etc: rms. with furn.: nice stock; sickness
compete gale; bargain. Lane & Co.. S65 Market.
WORKING partner wanted In pigeon-raising
bus. S9 Hanna Bt., Oakland. Bee-st. station.
FOR BALE— A rare chance; a few Transvaal
Kruger sovereign* and half-sovereigns; would
roake nice brooches or any other design of
jewelry for Christmas presents; also a file
of Johannesburg Standard ft Diggers News.
eivlng particulars of war— Boers vs.- English.
46S Minna st.
COFFEE aaloon and restaurant for sale; price
5800; daily receipts from $&5 to-J60; good pay-
lag; I have other business to attend; call at
the place. 410 Kearny et.
A— PLAY THE RACES— " ~^!
rs to i! per cent profit monthly on our new
rystem: cat; and inx-estlgatei N. & HAND &
CO.. expert handicappera. cult 11, 34 Kearny.
1400— GRAND opportunity for lady or gent; loca-
tion perfect: cigars, stationery, notions. Wait-
ing room. "3d -ave. station. East Oakland.
5230— PARTNER wanted In meat market; need
not have any experience. Call at 4S5 Fourth.
CORNER grocery and bar; well stocked; 4
living rooms: rent. 125. Apply at Call Office.
STORE with living rooms; suited for bakery
and notions; low rent. 1309 Devlsadero st.
BOOT and choe business; established over 25
years. 4 Summer et... oft* Montgomery.
BAKERY— Bctt location In city; good store
business. Address Call.: Box 59a.
S3C WINS $300 per* month at races; references
. given. Information- Lyons, 821 Market, r. 4.
FIRST-CLASS saHon for sale; on account of
death; flSOO. Ca. - 21 relict.
REAL ESTATK— CITY— FOa S.UE.
REAL ESTATE BARGAINS. . my5r*
* A. M. 8PECK & Ca» ">*
KABD TO BEAT HARD TO BEAT>
PRICES WILL SURELY ADVANCE.
£730.
Five fiats; rents. (3; all rented; near 9ts st.
ttsoa
Four flats; rents. liS; downtown.
$5000.
Three choice flats, near Post and Taylor sts.;
pays 10 per cent; 27 feet front; offer wanted.
' $7500.
Flats; brand new; east ot Van Ness an.;
rents, 17?.
J13.750-REDTJCED FROM tia.500,
Business property; same tenants for years?
store and rooming-house.
neStt-REDUCED FROM |323O.
Splendid 2-story 7-room house, with stable;
sightly .location; one- third cash.
$7300 INVESTED
Will yield $103 rent monthly above taxes; brand-
Daw improvements.
H3.000.
Pine st ; 70-foot front; not far from Jones;
rents $140.
175.000— REDUCED FROM $83,000.
Choice corner lot, 75-foot front; within half
a block of Market st ; with old improvements:
rents about $400; the only corner that can ba
bought vicinity of Sixth st.
JS2.500-REDUCED FROM $80,000.
Grand investment; 100-foot front on Ellia «t.:
with improvements; nicer and better than Pal-
ace Hotel; rents about $3000; terms, half cash.
JSOOO. .
Rents $100: 109 feet front; near Taylor st;
no chance like it
$20,000.
Sutter-st. corner; 87:8x37:8; elegant lnspiw*.
meats; rents $1390 per annum.
$30,000.
Forty- four feet front; vicinity of Ttvoli; om
improvements; rents. $200; block from Market;
will double surely In 19 years. . ,
1100,000. *
Grand corner; new improvements: under 8
years' lease (guarantee); pays $14 per cent.
$100,000.
Market it. near Call; one tenant: pays well.
$190,000— REDUCED FROM $23,000.
Market st: 100- foot front; near Palace Hotel:
pays 6 per cent. •
A. M, SPECK & CO.. 687 Markst at.
1 ¦¦ ' "—'¦-.——'» - ,
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS. *
CAN YOU SPARE IS OR CO A MONTH?
SELECT A GOOD LOT FROM US AT A
BARGAIN.
$500 to $800— Incomparable Sunset lota; graded.
$C0O to $350— Choicest Richmond lota; $10
monthly.
(75 to $300— Ocean Boulevard tats; $B monthly.
$100 to $150— Level lots near Mission electri?
cars; $5 monthly. 1
{SOO to $1000— Splendid cottages near cars; in-
stallments like rent
Branch office. Ninth ave.. near H st. Open
every day and Sunday.
SOL- GETZ & BROTHER.
ROOM 64. CHRONICLE BUILDING.
BEGIN the New Year by resolving to get your
home, and here is the opportunity: one of the
choicest lota in Richmond for sale on easy
terms; first payment $30; quarterly\payment3
. $40; well located and on the elevatea ground;
west side of Tenth ave., a few steps from the
corner of Clement and Tenth ave. ; 23xi:o ft. ;
price $800; ail street work dona; graded; gas.
water and electricity ready to turn on: elec-
tric cars pass every few minutes; this choice
lot cost $1200 over 10 years ago; no lot like
this, and with all lta advantages for a home
can be purchased on such terms and so cheap:
both installments ot taxes paid up to next
year. W. J. GUNN, 530 California at., be-
tween Montgomery and Kearny.
IF you have property north of the Park an.1 ,^
you wish to sell quickly, then call on W. J.
GUNN. 530 California st.
OWNERS of property in the Potrero that wish
to sell, call on W. J. GUNN, 530 California
St., S. F. Savings Union building.
JSOO COMMISSION for the first party who
brings a purchaser for a fine business corner
in the city; price $20,000: paya 7 per c*»nt on
Investment PATTERSON & CO.. U City
Hall square.
BARGAIN— The last of those fine cottages at
30th and Church sts.; 5 rooms; all modem Im-
provements and S-nxyn flat in low?r flocr;
small amount cash, balance same as rent: see
owner on premises.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Snl<T
$7000—700 ACRES situated in Ban Benito Co..
IS miles from HoUlster: 20 acres- bearing or-
chard; 10O acres nearly level: balance rich
rolling- hills; common farm building"*; land I*
suitable for fruit hay and stock raising: v.\\l
sell very cheap or exchange for residence rr
small acreage around the bay. W. G. GRIF-
FITH. rma 311-312-313 Hearst Bldg.
45.000 ACRES of fine lands, suitable for farm-
ing' or grazing.
20.000 acrea of fine timber lands, at twenty-
flve cents per acre: worth Investigating.
120- room house, long lease, new, modem.
central; best investment in the city; only
$4000. JOHN ELDER CO.. OS Market Et.
CIRCULARS free of hundreds of farms in .i'l
parts of the State; stock farms, fruit farms.
chicken ranches. Call at office or writ*
MARION ORIFFIN, 719 Market, nr. Ca!l big".
ACCURATE knowledge, each of the SOCO ranch-
es on my sale and exchange 11 -»t — moro th;in
all other agents in c4ty; state what's wanted.
N. D. BICKEL6. the Land Agent. 8 Geary »t.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE. WV«
NEW rattace. • nns.. bath: lot EfctlOO: Mission;
rental terma: and vacant lots. 413 Keamy si.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND BEAL ESTATE.
$250 CASH, $15 monthly; a model homeT^ew
lH-story house of S rooms; porcelain bath;
plenty of closets; lovely large complete pan-
try; in fact, everything is up to date; the lo-
cation is charming; Al soil and superb cli-
mate; city water; sewer; about nine minutes'
eaay walking from local steam cars; 1 square
from electri: car line, and close to a high-
grade public grammar school; neighborhoo.1
well assured; adjoining East Oakland; prlc«
all told, $1790. Call or send for circular or flnn
and cheap lota, 433 Seventh st, Oakland.
Broadway station; carriage free. H. Z.
JONE8. owner.
OAKLAND FVRXITURE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. tha
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOl'SEKEEPISa
A—Z SUNNY rooms, one suitable for light
housekeeping and one single room: rent $1
per week. Apply at shoe store. 552 Mission
St.. between First and Second sta.
ELLIS. 639. corner Lark in— Bay window; al-
cove kitchen; gas stove; by waek or month.
FOLSOM. 1293. Johnson House — Sunny bay win-
dow housekeeping; rooms; J10; also single
rocme.
MARKET, nr. Mason— Large sunny front rm..
kitchen, folding bed, gaa. $12. Call 843 Kearr.y.
NATOMA. 701. cor. . Eigrhth— Nicely furnished
housekeeping rooms; man and wife.
OAK. 12S— Nicely furnished room, complete for t S
housekeeping, $7.
VALENCIA. 1233— Sunnny parlor, furnished
nicely for 1 or 2; also housekeeping rooma.
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and Unfwro.
ANT person desiring board, board and room,
furnished and unfurnished rooms, furnisnert
_ and unfurnished apartments, furnished anil
unfurnished fiats; housekeeping rooms, house3
furnlahed and unfurnished, please call and
examine our Itat; w« havo largest and most
satisfactory selection In the city; we mak*
no charge for services; tel. Red 2334. ELler
Rental Information Bureau. 636 Market st.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 14S Sixth— Room* Co
to SI per night; tl 25 to JS per week, and light
housekeeping: open all night.
BURNETT, 1423 Market (old No. 1384)— Fur-
nlahed rms.. suites, alngle; also unfurnished.
BUSH. 520 <The Elk>— Nicely furnished sunny
rms; day. 25c up; wk. $1 SO up. Mrs. P. Ranft.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
DEVISADERO. 849. cor. McAllister— Choice
furnished rooms.
FOLSOM. 523— Large sunny furnished room, $3
monthly.
FRONT bay-window room, with bath and gas:
newly furnished: cheap rent. Call at 201
Franklin st.. corner Fell.
GEAR1". 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
nns; «nite» cr single; travelers accoraracdateJ.
GEART. 812K— Large furnished sunny room.
GRAND SOUTHERN, aoutheaat corner Seventh
and Mltaion sts.-Bunny rooms, en suit, O r
single; ladles' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
GROVE. 40814— Nlcaly furnished suite ot nxmu:
also single rooms.
HOWARD, 63&-A nice, sunny single room, suit-
able for one or two.Ugg)
LAS PALMAS. ISM Market: st.— Suite of I or i V
, rma. ; private ; oath ; sin, rma. ; board optional.-
LEWIS place. lS-Furnlsbed anl unfurnished
rooms to let: single or en suits.
MINNA. 237. bet. 3d and 4th (New Tork House)
— Outside rooms $1 25 per week and up. .
MINNA, «67, corner Eighth— Newly furnlaheJ
bay window . room. $1 per week; transient.
DEPILATORY.
O. C. C— A harmless ¦ liquid '. for permanently
removing superfluous hair;' will not "irritate,
burn nor polscn the most delicate akin; agents
wanted. ' Ontario Chem. , Co.. ag'cy, 4?6 Ellis.
EDUCATIONAL. "*
AYRE8' Business College. 723 Market st.— Day
and , evening; $8 per ; month; $50 life j scholar -
ship guarantees a complete business educa-
tion, including the commercial . and shorthand
courses: 154 positions pecured for our students
. during the past 5 months; catalogue free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott Bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert'F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, ¦ teacher , of
shorthand ; • reportorial phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course. $jQ; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st,
S. F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing,- lan-
guages, telegraphy, English . branches, j civil. .
electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
and night sessions; new 80-pa<re catalogue free.
A-THK LYCEUM, ' an accredited preparatory-
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; "references. President Jordan or. any
Stanford professor. Phelan building. . ., •-.'-. ¦.¦¦-,-'
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS~COLLEGE has posi-
tions Ruaranteefl to It .by '-written contract, '
and can therefore with. confidence guarantee
positions to all its graduates. 305 Larkln st.
MISS Mi G. BARRETT, Shorthand Academy;
lessons by mail; acknowledged by official re-
porters best teacher, best system. 302 Montgy.
ATTENTION!— Tarr' s pupils thorough book-
keeping figures; short time; college graduates
perfected ; expert accounting. 220 Parrott bid.
ALL students but two taking full aourse this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market St. :.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec.. mining, mech.. nur-
voy. assay, cyanide, s rch. : day. eve.*: est. 1S64.
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
LESSONS in boxing wanted. Address T. GAN-
NON". 646 Clay st. ; state terms.
PIANO, hist, of music; Fr. and Gr. MME.
PRILL, Y. M. C. A. bldg., Sth flooy.
VISITING governess: . English branches, > piano
and bookkeeping; 50c a lesson. Box 747. Call.
MUNSON. School Shorthand. Typing. Bookkeep-
lng. Spanish. 137 Mont'y. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
E. J. APPLEBT. banjo, mandolin ahd guitar.
408C McAllister st: phone Folsom 2071. - v 'i;
TEACHERS' Agcy. A.McNelll.Mgr.,r. 31,- Flood
bldg. ; high school, grammar, private teachers.
MR. and MRS. D. MANSFIELD, music studio,
violin, guitar, mandolin, banjo. 1836 Eddy st
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY : and
ILLUSTRATION— Night class. 424 Pine st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing",
etc., day or eve.: $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES. ,;.•'•
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; eetab. over 10 years; all kinds b«lD.
421 Post nt; near Powell; telephone Bush 135.
JAPANESE responsible- housecleanlng co.; est.
1870: practical recommend; try them; removed
to 419 Devlsadero; tel. Fell 126. F. HAM AD A.
JAPANESE and Chinese employment office;
best' help. 526 O'Farrell st"; tel. Hyde 2191.
ABC EMPLOYMENT Office; Chinese. Japan-
ese help fur. G44 California; phone James 2801.'
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
flce; all kinds help. 31K Stockton; Main 5183.
ORPHEUM Emplyoment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese help.426 Powell.nr. Sutter; tel.Black 6072.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
Best help. 4UH O'Farrell st. : tel. East 42«. -
EM PLO YMEST WANTED— FEMALE.
WOMAN would like position by the day. cook-
Ing, washing or ironing. 1304 Lyon St., near
Geary. ¦ . - :
NURSE wishes situation to take care of In-
valid or do light housework; references. Box
3?45. Call office. ' ¦¦:
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes position; good
cook, or will do any other work. 8 Gough
et., near Market. - • . . ¦.
DRESSMAKER, stylish, good fitter and cut-
- ter; $1 60 per day; quick worker. 4441 Twen-
tieth st. . . - .
COMPETENT decent Eastern woman wishes
situation to do cooking; best reference. 49
Shipley st. . .
SITUATION wanted by competent woman to
do general housework; good plain cook. Ad-
dreas box 3946. Call office.
STRONG, reliable Danish girl would like a
place to do housecleanlng or washing by the
day; very chean. Address 7 D» Boom st.
NEAT, skillful nurse and congenial companion
wants employment somewhere, j Address : El-
derly f or S days, box 4000. Call of nee.
WOMAN wants work by the day, house or of-
fice cleaning. 4K\~ Minna st.
RE8PECTABLE widow with little girl desires
position as housekeeper: first-class cook and
laundrees; no trlflers. Address MRS. I. V. C.,
V&ravllle P. O., Solano County, Cal.
EXPERIENCED housekeeper wishes full
charge of rooming-house; flrst-class refer-
ence. Address box 3903, pall office.
TWO Scandinavian girls wish positions aa
. chambermaids or general housework; Ad-
dress 409 Minna st .
NURSE girl* wishes position to take care of
children. 1150 Mission st. '
YOUNO lady graduate bookkeeper would like a
position during afternoons. Box S914, Call.
WANTED — Position «ia wet nurse by healthy
woman with fresh breast of milk. . 118 Sixth
Bt., room 7.
WINCHESTER Houbc 44 Third st. near M~ar-
ket-40v rooms; Z5c to (160 night. $1 CO to 16
week: convenient ana respectable: free 'bus
¦ and baggage to and from, ferry. ' ¦
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE. I
BARBER, experienced, union man. wants po-
• ¦ sltlon evenings, Saturday and Sundays Box
8940. Call office. "
1OUNG man, good address and habits, 5 years'
commercial experience, desires • position for
first of year where advancement la possible.
box 4000, Call office. . •
WANTED— By middle-aged American man.
with references, situation in private family
as butler; good home with modest wages de-
Blred. Box 3944. Call office.
Afc'SAYER several years' experience, haa own
outfit, wishes position with mining company;
best of references. Box 8S43. Call office.
POSITION wanted by experienced valetj club
or private gentleman; reference-. Box 8999,
Call Office. . , ..¦-.:.;¦.
FIRST-CLASS cook wants position, hotel or
restaurant ; first-class city reference* Address
PETERSON. C15 Larkln Bt , -
YOUNO man *f German) would like position as
bartenderi city or 'country) goed references.
Addrera G. M.. 1104 Larkln eV '
MAN of 30." with som* experlance In cabinet-
making and mill work, wants any kind of
worki Bhop or factory preferred! * Bex 8905,
Call office. y
STEADY, reliable young man would like job
of driving a delivery or small milk route in
country town; wage*, reasonable. - Address
room fa, -4091, Twelfth at, Oakland, ' •
STEADY, temperate man wants work as chore-
man in private family or institution;' city or
cpuntry; understands care of horses, com,
chickens, woodcutting) etc. t recommendations.'
"Box 8928, ; Call office. ." /' ¦ >
EXPERIENCED young man desires a position
as assistant engineer or fireman,- in mines
preferred. Box 78B, Call office. :.
EXPERIENCED office man wishes situation as
bookkeeper, accountant or other of flee work;
security given if wanted. A. B. box "tV Call.
A JAP wants a sleeping room: will do work In
th« morning as payment. J. KAUAMITOR,
- 2000Bu8h tt. : . -j '¦"¦:;
A BRANCH of floe for Call advertisements and
¦ rabccrlptlons haa been established at MM
Valencia at.- '.:" ' \- -¦'¦¦.:':- r > : '; .'¦¦¦¦*-*. -..^
— ¦ ; Plats to let.
A SUNNY flat, partly furnished;. 6 rooms, B
- closets, bath and gaa; reason. 223 Valencia st.
FEW steps from City Hall; flue -flat, 1 6 rooms
and bath. 10 Otovc St., . .
FLAT 6 rooms. ' $22 SO; ' 5 rooms, $20. ; 60S ¦ and
609V4 Grove sW near Laguna. ,' - ¦ ';*. > -'j
HARRISON, 1122B— 8-room •<¦ flat; % modern im-
: provements ; ; must i be Been \ to . be ; appreciated.
IF you want to move getprinted list flats to let
from BALDWIN A HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
JACKSON, - 2318, r.ear , Flllmore— Modern - eun-
. ny 5-room flat ; bath, etc. ; rent reasonable.
¦ ' t * ¦ i " •
MODERN 4 rooms and bath ; . yard I and cellar.*
.- 812 Waller St.. near Flllmore. V ; ;' *,,,;'.-¦ ¦:
%^ — 4-ROOM flata on Victor St.. off Bryant, bet.
7th and Sth. Inquire at grocery,- 941 Bryant? ;
$7^4-ROOM ¦-, flata on .Victor st.'. off Bryant; bet.'
¦ 7th and 8th. Inquire at grocery.- 941 Bryant. *¦
.!> f^PtRNlTURK FOK SALE. .:
SINGLE and double bedroom sets for sale.' 1529
Howard - st. ¦¦ ¦.. .¦'•¦-"'¦-;,-• ; : v - - .. -¦ .- - •¦ ''__ ¦ ..
4 ROOMS furnished In oak $48 40. with No. 7
range. King ¦. Furniture • Co... 1127-11S1 - Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.^,';; ,;
CHAS. LEVY- buys tr. your.> furniture. • carpets.
... planoB. etc.^ 1135. Market et:; tel.. Jessie 761.,-
TO receive highest value for furn.', carpets,' etc.?
: aee.W. E. CODY. 757 Mission, tel: Red 8353.
' A. WOLLPERT. - 773 Mission st.;" peys highest
.-price for second-hand furniture:. tel. Red 1354.;
Auctloneerf-L. Vincent; 1305 Larkln: tel: Polk S9L1
? : furniture & : f urn'd housoe ; bought ; spot cash.
HELP . WANTED-MALE.
SAILORS, . ordinary : seamen '• and ; green - hands;
"all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 28 Steuart,'
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order, $1 per week, at
cash prices. ,' N.'Y. Tailoring Co.. 115 Kearny.'
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.; near Mar-
ket;. 700 rooms, 25c night; reading-rooms; free;
_^bng_and. baggage to and from terry. . -.*¦"
'j^i_'^;;i^^Mp*KM OIDS -. -. _ .. f ,^.,_,:-';S
ANY case of Piles, Piles.- Piles, Piles; over i»
permanent cures among business men of San
Francisco alone; men who can be Interviewed;
no surgery, salves j or : ointments; no interfer-
ence with business during treatment For fur-
_- th»r rartlcularw adtl. Physlc!an. b«x 1930. Call.
HORSES. LIVE STOCK, Etc— For Sale
40 -HORSES | for j sale; also wagons, ; buggies.
;-. carts;-.- harness.' Grand Arcade . Horse Market.
827 Sixth st; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
6-YEAR-OLD;mare; J frult: wagon, phaeton. 2
sets single harness; no dealers. 12SA Eighth.
' "i HOUSES ) TO LET.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let; send for cir-
- cular. Q. H.' UMBSEN & CO... 14 Montgomery.
;
PROF. RAYMOND— Strictly reliable; teaches
- hypnotism In five lessonH for *¦*». 997 Market st
IKVALIl) CMAIU.S AAU TKIOVCLKS.
BOLD and rented; manfr. of the £am«i tricycle
.cralr. EAMKS Trlcvcle Coi. 2100 Market »t
• LOST ASD FOUND.
$25 REWARD— Lost while shopping, lady's dla-
¦ roond solitaire ring, on Tuesday afternoon be-
tween half ¦ past 3 and 5 o'clock; probably at
store of either Davis. Schonwasser & Co. or
White House. Apply 101 Chronicle building.
$10 : REWARD— Lost Monday evening, cocker
spaniel,' reddish brown, with'; white spots;
' short bobbed tail ; I answers to name Denny.
1306 Polk et ---¦¦-.-
WILL the gentleman who yesterday picked up
the purse In front of 231 Twenty-ninth st. re-
turn the came at the same place upstairs and
receive reward 7 .- -.:*'-..
FOUND— A purse on corner -Market and Powell
| sts. ; owner can have same by proving prop-
. erty. Call 330 Post st. '
LOST at Alvarado, black Gordon setter; re-
ward at 6 and -8 Sutter.
LOST— Brlndle . greyhound pup; female. Return
to 1304 Kentucky at. - ' - - .
MATRIMONIAL.
ALL gentlemen wishing to marry wealthy seed
10c for latest list. , MRS. HERTZ. 706 Ellis »t.
MEDICAL.
| MltsTDlrCwYETH! roHable^ipeclaTist ; TsTrs?
, successful practice; guaranteed treatment at
office, $5; any ailment; home for patients; con-
, tujt free, y 842 Post st. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
DR. AND MRS. DA VIES. 122S Market— Ladles'
specialists; 32 years' practice ; positive cure
guaranteed ; ladles • treated -can return same
'.day;: HINDOO HERB home cure; stamps cir.
DUS. GOODWIN, 1007'i Market*, expert on dis-
eases of women; 15 years' practice In B. F.. a
cure guaranteed; $5 at office; have cured thou-
sands of coses; unexcelled success; see free.
MRS. DR.' KOHL, 897 Market st, cor. Sixth—
, Safe and reliable ladles' physician; treatment
v $3: positive cure guaranteed; when others fail
: . consult, free. MRS. . PR. KOHL. -.--..
MRS. DR. ALLEN, 1035 Market-Ladles' spe-
< ciallst: safe and sure cure, $5; best care; low
¦ fees; when all others fall consult free. ¦
LADIES' Home Remedy Co., 212 Ellis st. Prl-
vate diseases of women; satisfaction guaran-
teed or money refunded; sanatorium.
DR." WISE, the ladles' specialist. 1113 Market st.
DR. POPPER, i-peclallst for 37 years for female
troubles. 323 Kearny st; call and see me.
MRS. DR. QWTER. ladles' specialist; home
for patients. . 504 Eddy st.
DR. NO TOY KEE cures disease by herbs;
sdvlce free. 704 Sacramento yt.-. near Kearny.
MISCELLANEOUS- — FOR SAL...
BOILERS, Engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTO3H A WOLPMAN, 135-197 Fremont st
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters.
, linoleum, . new and | second-hand ; we r lwtiys
have a large stock of saloon outfits on band;
8J complete outfits on' one floor, ready made:
We can ship everything In ¦ 24 hour<i. J.
.' NOON AN.' 1017. 1019, 1021. 1023 Mission St..
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
AN opportunity to secure rich. • reliable jewels
and other handsome holiday gifts at half
store • prices: make your selection early.
'¦ UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave. -, .-; -. V
A TURQUOISE ring; a beautiful present for
your wife, your sister or some other man's
sister: cost at Shreve's $150; price $:9. UNCLE
HARRIS. 15 Grant ave. . . - ¦
A : LARGE Regina music box, with 60 tin
sheets- of popular music, . for $30; cost $50.
UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant ave.
A PURE white solitaire diamond shirt stud
weighing 1 karat for only $75-. Is a bargain at
$llo. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant ave.
BUY a brand new typewriter for $3 lown and
- $5 per month: write for catalogue and price.
.' TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE, 409 California
st. ; rentals, new machines. $3 per month. |
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting pulleys,
etc WHITSLAW. 218 Spear st.
CLUSTER diamonds, and opal- rlns; oost $125
for fTO; an unredeemed pledge. CAL. LOAN
OFFlcfe, 32 Stockton Bt ¦
A— 100- HORSEPOWER engine, boiler, two-drill
air compressors. JARDINE'S, 220 Fremont st
KUROPEAN : framed paintings sacrificed; exhi-
bition daily 2-4 p, m. at 528 Sutter, nns. 4-5.
ONE Brunswlck-Balke billiard table, complete.
. Apply box 3934. this 'of floe.
BLUB gum piles for sale. Apply PAUL KEY-
PER. ,206 Clay st. .." - , •
40 H. P. COMPOUND steam engine, complete,
cheap. H. 8. WHITE, 514-516-518 Ml 33 ton st.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; iron and wood
planers, lathes; 2d-hand. J. Burke, 139 l^ealc
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern englnen and
boilers bought and sold. KROQH Mfg. Co.
?-HOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern goods
bought, sold; exchanged. 109 Montgomery et.
10-TON ) Fairbanks scale and flre ¦ and burglar
-* proof safe. 218 California st ,
SAFE8— New and second-hand.' THB t HER-
* MANN SAFE CO., 417-423 Sacramento st.
MAGIC • lanterns, V. new - and : 2d-han'l : . moving
. ptctores. BULLARD & BRECK.1S1 Post st.
SAFES— New and second-hand; all sizes. THE
WALTS BAFE. 10a-lll Market st. San Fran.
. -V \' a :\ MISCELLANEOUS WAJTTS.
SECOND-HAND pooTand bllll^d ", table ; large
or regulation alae preferred. •, Box 8942, Call. :
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bought &
sold. Sllverman. 984 Folsom ;: tel. Folsom 1191.
WANTED— Upright piano for cash.. H. L.
WHITEHEAD. ' 1710 Market st ...
-MONEY TO •„ LOAN.
ANY. amount on furniture, pianos, ; without re-
moval - or ' any other good security ; payable
back In Installments or •• a whole; if you
.owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay tt and carry the loan as long a* you de-
sire; , avoid red taoe and publicity; - see us
- first; you - will - be i waited upon quietly - and
quickly. Call tt-ti Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market
AA— BEST rates and easiest terms. *
............... Second : Mortgages .................
£ .......Interest i»> Estates.... '....;
Undivided - Interest In Real Estate
Financial problems of ill sorts and sloes
tol vfl 1 by ; HERMAN j MURPHT, : 630 Market.
A — MONET to loan at I rates which paople I can
• afford - to j pay on furniture, planoa, - etc. ; do
not borrow of your friends or you will lose
, their friendship; do business with , strangers
¦ aad you will be better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity, ft Rooms » and 10. 908 Market at.
ANY amount at ( par cent; 1st 2d and 3d xnort-
~ gages, ¦ undivided - Interest, real * estate in - pro-
- bate; mortgages and' legacies bought; ! no de-
lay i get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLO AN. I* ; Montgomery. ? r. j 3.
- A — $600,000 1 on city I and i country, real estate and
' ¦¦ estates;- chattel mortgages; notes and . oollat-
; erals."- J. BROWNSTONE/ 11 Montgomery at
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for building ;
:i low rate. -Home Bldg. Co.; 222 Sansome. ttn. 1.
MOST reliable place to " borrow ¦ on - diamonds,
-¦': watchea, : Jewelry." W. J; HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
t highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds. .
' ANY ' amount." loweat rates, ? on . furniture, ¦ etc ;
no removal. -no commission; strictly confiden-
,'tlal. -Room 3,;Conier\-atory.bldg.. 301 Jones, v-
MONEY loaned on personal property or pianos
-; without removal. ' 11C7 Market, bet. 7th & gth.
CASH a loaned; on 'salaries. New Tork^plan.
Parrott bldg.'.---;V> '
t% on furniture and pianos; $15 up; no removal;
' • ; no oommisslc-n : private. : Room 81. 6 Eddy st -
MONEY,' loaned salaried people without security.
v HILL. ¦¦ rm. 44. Merchants'. Ex.. 431 California.
LOANB," 1st or Jdmtgs; city, country; 6% undi-
> vlded Ints; estates.. HARPER. 397 Parrott bid.
AU8TIN' 8 Salary ' Loan . Co.rv M« Parrott bulld-
¦ - Ing t ; men can ' secure loans on personal note.
MONET, to loan on ' furniture by private party;
low rate. * 911 . Market ' st, room L
BUSINESS' CHANCES — CONTINUED.
A — RESTAURANT, coffee and chop house; fine
location; receipts $50; must sell; cause, death.
COWING A CO.. 719 Market st. ¦ :
A— GROCERY and bar; beet corner location;
cause, death. COWING &. CO.. 719 Market st.
A— RESTAURANT: best location; bargain this
day. COWING & CO.. 719 Market st. /
A— FINE corner drug store; clears $100 month.
COWING & CO.. 719 Market st .":. -
A — PLUMBING shop: centrally located: horse,
wagon; sickness. COWING & CO.. 719 Market.
A— SALOON; heart of city; money maker.
COWING. 713 Market st.
$1COO— GROCERY and bar; rent $60 for store
and 6 rooms upstairs: lease if desired. WICH-
MAN, LUTGEN & CO.. 313 Clay St.
CORNER grocery store for rent. $25: formerly
$60; big city, country trade. LAYMANCE,
4C0 Eighth st.. Oakland.
FOR sale — Small restaurant; reasonable; two
living-room^.. Kox 762. this office, -
LODGING-HOL'SKS i'Oll SALIC.
MONEY loaned on lodging-houses. W- p. c. ;
anything you want iii lodging-houses ; s'mples:
Zt rooms: on Powell Et : rent $173: price.. $1900
24 rooms; on Leaven worth; rent $123; price 1200
18 rooms; on sunny Ride; rent $23; price. 750
7 rooms; on Gecry St.. rent $40; prica 450
J2 roome; O'Farrell st ; rent $50: price... r.M
6 rooms; Turk st.: rent 527: price SOO
For quick sales list your nouses with A. L.
WILLEY. 915 Mark»t ?t; phone Clack 521'..
C« ROOMS 66 ROOMS
Cheap Rent — Corner.
Price $2400. Price $2400.
For eale only by WINSTON & CO.. 1026 Market.
20 ROOMS '- 20 ROOMS
Rent $50; water free
North of Market; businei-s street
Price $12C0. WINSTON & CO.. 1026 Market
A— 22-ROOM house: central $1000
2C-room house; first class 1050
11-rootn house; $475: 6-room flat 323
20-room house: Eddy; rent $75: only 900
FISHER & CO., 103! Market st.
SNAP— 11 rooms, furnished: clears $25 per ma :
only $125. FI3HER & CO.. 1032 Market St.
CO ROOMS; rent $160 $2200
12 rooms; nicely furnished 900
100 rooms: elegant furniture 6000
Will loan from $100 up at Ws per cent.
DAVIS & RIVES, r. C9. 916 Mkt. st.
LODGING house wanted; 14 or 15 rooms; north
of Market et.: on 6unny side of street; no
basement; good furnishings desired; price
must be reasonable for caph; (no agents).
Address G. box 3910. Call office.
LARGEST list lodging houses: good bargains;
money loaned on furniture. SCHWEINHARD,
nr.e. 1-2. *17 Market st. bet. Fifth and Sixth.
$1100— «0 ROOMS: fine location: well furnished;
all rented: low rent BASILE, 3 Eddy st.
17 ROOMB; all occupied; central; bargain; $850.
DONNELLY CO.. 632 Market . St.
JlSO— BARGAIN; 14-room lodging-house; fur-
nlthed. Apply 439 Dugont Bt.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
;
\ BUSINESS buggy and harness for sale cheap.
£2 Hayes st.
AN A No. 1 express wa^on. «!ngle. also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap.' 532 Mission.
NEW & 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ness, work & driving horses. 15th & Valencia.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. DR. FARNHAM, world renowned spirit-
ual medium; advice in all affairs of life, law-
suits, divorces, deaths; unites the separated;
mining a specialty; clrs. Sun., Wed., Frl.ev's;
come and be convinced. Permanently located
613 Eddy st. bet. Hyde and Larkln: no elgn.<
MRS. J. 3; WHITNET. test, business me-
dlum and life reader; also medical clairvoy-
ant; treats all diseases at office or by letter;
sittings, $1. 11C4 O'Farrell Bt. ; take Ellis car.
MRS. STODDARD gives the genuine circles
Tues.. Thurs., 8un., 8 p.'m. 278 9th; sittings.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAlister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer, sittings dally; tests to all to-night; 10c.
ARNOLD & ZMckson, spirit tests every night
except Mon. and Fri. All invited. 14S Sixth.
MME YOUNG'S convincing .test circle to-
night. 605 McAllister; 10c; come skeptics.
EARLE, 205 Taylor St.. corner EUie— Sittings
dally; seance Sunday, Tuesday and Thursday.
MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual jnedlum.
healer and card reader. 146 Eddy st.
C. Mayo-Steers, 112H Oak. trance medium;
readings. $1 : hours. 1-6 p. m. ; tel. Howard £27.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at ViQG Market
Ft, corner of Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
J«; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall. Send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Dally and Sunday.'
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles EOc.
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit $1 SO. 126 Turk.
MME. BERNARD reads life fluently: , advice
given in all affairs of life; satisfaction guar-
anteed; 25c up. 17 Third st. next Examiner.
ISM AR, the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market opp.
Cth; private readings dally. 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MRS. CAMERON, clairvoyant, card reader, me-
dium; 25c up. 823 Mission st. nr. 4th; ring bell.
MRS. MELVILLE, well-known clairvoyant, wa-
ter reader, moved to 11 6th; German spoken.
MME. ZEREDA? the gypey, is the great palm-
let and card reader: 25c. 7 Seventh st
MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader: past
present future; 25c. 148 Sixth st, room 14.
MME. SYBILLE, 914 O'Farrell; reads life: fu-
ture husband's photo; S to 12 a, in. ; ladles 23c.
MME. HELMUTH, card reader, astrologlst—
Ladles, 2&c; German epoken. S3S Mission st
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmlttry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MME. BCHAFFER clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 44S% Jessie rt. :
MRS. K. M. DUVAL clairvoyant and buelness
medium. 215 Kearny sL. rooms 8-10.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names riven; 25c up. 5 Fourth »t
CARPET SEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with • poor work
send to EPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works, 853-357 Tehama et; tel. South 40.
STANDARD. SIS Guerrero— Curtain* and blan-
kets renovated. 25c per pair: carpets oleaned.
tc yd: laying a specialty. Phone Mission 108.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 6c".
STRATTON'B. 8 Eighth st; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL, Carpet-Beating. and Reno-
vatlr.g Co.. 840 Fourteenth st; tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter et.5
tel. Main 89«. OEO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate ave.: telephone East 1M. -¦-'.¦-¦
CHIRCFODISTsi
CORNS, bunions. Ingrown nails, warts, chil-
blHins: palnltss cure. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
- COLLECTION OFFICES. ,
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 210. J27 Market at
. COTTAGES TO LET.
$10— COTTAGE; rear; 4 rooms and attic; gar-
den; water free. 1121^ Filbert st .
i . ~ DENTISTS.
A^«^"ELECTRO^DENTA£rCLTNICriorMVr^
¦ ketst. cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plat«e our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 &0 up; plates, extractions free, $4 60 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D.. Manager.
A— DISCOUNT of 20 per cent for 30 days on all
plates, crowns and biidgework. . See our new
: unbreakable plate, the Rone Pearl, warranted
for 20 years; crowns, $3 50; fillings, 60c; plates,
; $S. full set; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st. '
: EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
i and fillings; extractions or fillings by my won-
derful secret painless method; 20 years' ex-
perience; no students; advice • free; ¦ prices
' cheap* st and guaranteed; lady attendants.'
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 Q-Farrell et.
! DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventti
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new; teeth:
from $S per set; extracting,' We; gas given. .'
THE New York Dentists have moved to 969
Mission st.. cor. Sixth, ' Consult us on crowns
and bridges;- difficult ¦ plate work solicited;
. positive painless extraction, SOc. ¦ - : .
\ MORERN DENTAL PARLORS. 1206 Market
st-; expert extracting, crown and bridge work.
' A. L. SIMPSON. D, P.* S.
1 PARIS Dental Parlor, 235 Kearny," cor. Bush—
1 Full set of teeth. $4; crowns; $3; fillings. 25c.
' VAN VROOM— "Painless" : evenings and- Sun-
: days. 1C01 Market et..' comer Sixth; -
' SET of teeth without plate. DR. : H. O.
. YOUNG. 1841 Polkst: / '.":.. ,'^ ¦
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
> McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery Schcol;
patterns cut: evening class, j, 1019 Market st."
» ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds pleal-
'. *ng. pinking. 121 Post.over O'Connor & MoCatt.
t DRESSMAJaNG; reasonable Drices; dresses
made over; perfect fit 887 Geary st
m tB%UW - ' - ii »i.t * MiililffT'iTn ¦ i Jir-fitir ft Tin m" - 'Alameda County.
H. J. and Julia A. Edwards"; to W. .V.'
Wltcher. lot on. S line of Saratoga avenue, '. \yf
W of Orchard streetr.W 40-by S 182:6, loflS;
block - B, amended • map ¦ Moss Tract,* Brooklyn
Township: HO. - < -. •" -
Leah F. Mott (single) to Felix Peano .' (sin
gle), lot on' SW. corner of = Stanton- street and
1'owers * Tract," and ¦ distant also 31*0:9 S \ from
S line of i Railroad avenue, S 40:6 by, ,W. 150,
Alarneda; $10. . ... ¦¦'. - ¦-¦•-¦ . ¦ '. . .x" -•" ¦,¦¦'
* J ¦ H. -Wood to Stella' H. Wood, lot on SW
corner of Channins; way , and Fulton street," S
100' by, W 115." block * 3, v map ; ofiproperty of
College Homestead Association, Berkeley; ; gift.
-. Pacific • Improvement Company ¦ and ' Oakland
Water ¦ Front Company to ¦, Martin - Carter, ¦ lot
at intersection of - center, line : of Willow street
with S line of Clement avenue.-. E, to line
of . Park street,'; N to 6 line tidal " canal, W to
its intersection • with dividing line* between; up-,
land and mar8h,.W<U> Its Intersection 'With cen
ter line of Willow, street 'If extended N." then ;a
S to bf ginrJuK, quitclaim deed, .'Alameda; : jio.
BEAT. ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
HOTEL ABRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL
G N Blackburn. WoodJ
J Browne, Texas
A H Sweeney, Fresno
W L McCray & w, Cal
J G Bennett, U S N
G Mainhart. Grass Val
W P Mangrove, Oaklnd
L McKenzie. Denver
L A Blaslngame & w,
Fresno
O E Pardee. Chgo
J S Phippen, w & s.
Dallas
J S Potts & w. Jamestn
Miss A Potts. Mills Col
J Brandon, Silverton
J W. Smith. L Ang
C W Eastln. Modesto
C D Hayward. Redwd
J O Hestwood. 8 Jose
Mrs C P Lewis, Benlcia
J McCudden. Vallejo
K MoCudden, Vallelo
R T Heath, Nev City
W B Hugus & w. 8 Crz
TOKing, Bakersfleia
J C Hall, w & s. Sacto
S Summerfleld&w.Reno
G H Wadlelgh. L Ang
A P Shepherd. Fresno
J J Inman & w, S Jose
R. Donaellen. San Jose
J E Bell & w. .Everett
E Baker." Portland
R D Johnston, Eureka
R D Fox & w. Heldsbg
L C White. Del Monte
G W Pierce, Davis ;
G N Rundle. Sacto •>
J W Fulner. Cal
C A Thomas & f. Chgo
G C Marsh. Stockton
F D Reran, Sacto
H L Emery. Laurel
C ETVllllams. Uklah
M K Young, t» Ang
H MlllPT, Chicago
W.B Godfrey, Chicago
F H Webster. Mintura
W "H Braden. Portland
PALACE HOTEX,.
F J Brew. New Tork
8 H Burns. New York
H C Riddle. N Y
R Kaehler. Merced
Dr H Helntr.-Salt Lk
S M Babcock. Salt Lk
A Miller. Los Angeles
J Rulson. Portland '
R J Walker. Glasgow :
A K Michler. Wash
Mrs Michler. .Wash
Miss Comstock, Wash
H M Stern. New York
O N Lusson. N York
C R Davis. • Boston
W H Mayo, St Louis
Mrs W J Lee, L Ang
W Levy, Kew , Tork
J B Child*, Tower Hse
W A Sherman ¦& w,
Bollnas ¦} ' ¦
C I Serfft,. Germany ".•¦'•
Mrs Denman, Colo
Miss Denman, Colo
J H Meyers & w, Menlo
Miss O Meyers. I Menlo
Mis* A Meyeraf Menlo
H Meyers. Menlo
J E Krumb & w.-Alam
Miss Moran. S Rafael
F $ Harvey. -Gait
J A Kelly, Harford '-'
H Thompson. Salt Lk
ALA Murcult. • Aus <¦ ¦
W Farrell & w, Napa
I HackelbergV Napa
H ; L Balch. Minn ,
WO. Gosslln. Portland
*W B Mitchell. Stanfrd
C C Bracken, Stanford
W H Joyce, L'Anpeles
F C Towne. New York
W O Wright & w, ¦ N T
NET\V ¦ WESTERN HOTEL.
W Turner,^ Savannah
H C Thomas. Seattle
J B Anderson. St Louis
E N Mollneux. Sacto
H Stewart.. U S A
H Kelly. Chicago v %
G Brown, Fresno
J L. Smith, Ind „
F Holllngsworth, Ind
J W Bardlll. Monrovia
O G Hardy. Pomona;.
C B Alsop & w, 1 N Zlnd
JC Shaw, Mich .
JShepard.r Eureka '
W J Wilson. ' Portland
C S Fisher. 1 . San Jose /
O M Chapman, ¦ Kans '
Ij\Wartenberg', L Ang
Mrts MA Crawford. Ill
O Lanean. Hollister
S Parker. Woodstock -
D F Griffith. Ohio :
(LOUISIANA STATE LOTTERY;)
[PATENT APPLIED FOR. J
Single Number, Class "M," Drawn at
Puerto Cortez, Honduras, C.'A., Sat
urday, December IS, 1OOO. -.
No. • Priae. No. ¦ Prize. No. Prize.
82........ « :186.:...... 16-236........ 80
.262.. ...... 24 419.V..... . 16 630.;...... 16
642......... 400 710.. 40 790....;... 80
.791........ SO •¦•826..: 40 1103........ 16
1107........ J6 1151........ . 16 1358........ 16
hll—'— • I 6 1474..:..... 40 ,1657........ • 16
"82...:....- 16 1710 80 1765.. 80
" 6 3-"-".... 16 2300 16 2416. 16
2«9-- .80 2444 16 2582 24
2669......... -24 272S -16 2758... 24
28?3- • 16 3066........ . 40 3258 24
33o6........ v 16 3472 24 3564...;.... 16
8627....;... r 24 s640 ... 40 S 6iZ........ 24
¦«•£•• "•••*¦ 16 3752 " ; 24 3764........ 16
740 3848 24 3875... 16
i?2f -;I6 4458........ 24 4487........ 40
*2«.- „ 16 4853,. 40 4723 16
4.30.........* 16 4873:.. 16 5011........ 16
W'2 40 5102 ...24 5148 16
5188/......... 24 5243.. ......' 80 5332;. ' 16
5375...;.... 24 5478........ 24 6553;....... 16
."•g82 •<» 67H .40 6792........ 24
6019........ 24 6020 16 6106........ 24
SSJ ; 18 6212........ 80 6243........ 16
,«fW.. ...... 80 6308........ 40 6423. 16
6506........ 80 653S.. 80 6555........ 24
. *5f»" .' ; 16 6596 16 6616........ 80
6634....;... 16 6778. , 16 6809........ 16
6917.;......- 24 7170... -...-.. 16 7448...;...". 80
<5W........ 80,7545.. .24 7618........ 16
7750......... 16 7823..:..... 24 785ll. ...... 16
if|7 24 7944 16 8143.. ..\.... 16
¦¦¦|"J •"• 16 8193 40 8194........ 16
!J»" SO 8381........ ¦- 24 8404 40
•f«9 24 8448.......; 16 8490........ 16
8567....'....' 120 8578....:... 16 8715........ 16
17,3* 24 8746........ 24 8784....'.... 24
|8« 16 8964 24 9000 16
.9036........ ; 16 9242 16 9288 16
J 3 ' 2 400 9445... 16 9573.. 16
l s j;i- 40 9750 40*9843.; 40
-S876........ 24 9886.. 16 9839... 16
,»952 1000 10029 16 10155 24
;2£?- — ' " 80 10219 40 10324.. 40
"SI* 24 10393 16 10441 24
JW« 24 10514 24110655 40
10678.. . 24 10888... ..;.. 16 10998........ 41
11003......... 80 11121 40 11263........ 85
11*53 40 11617 16 11637 ;. lfi
"660.-. 16 11661. 16 11«85. ....... lfi
JJMf ;¦ 8011852 2412075.. 16
-2166........ -24 12226........ • 16 12279.. 40
12286..... 40 12401 ' 16 12407.'. 1R
12j« 24 12704........ 16112777........ 16
19S13 40 12997. 24 13004.: 16
JSOtt" 49 13203 16 13232.'. 16
J3340 4013417 16 13767.. 24
13860........ 24 13957 16 13971 16
13994........ 40 14057 24 14299... lfi
14323... 16 14428 16 14467........ 40
1<»91... 16 14630 IS 14647.; 16
14698.. ......_ .24 14713 .4014736 120
"S21.^ 16 14S75 24 15026........ 24
J5604 16 15642........ . 24 15700....;... 24
1S7S0... 16 15843 ..16 16028 1«
16197..: 16 16206 24 16214. .. 24
16388.:;;;.;..: 16 16629. '120 16654 16
16774........ 16 1677S 40 16985........ 83
"W4... 16 1715S 80 17180 f 1«
17252...;.... • 16 17273.;.....-; 80 173S6...... \ 16
17406 16 17468 40 17514........ * 1«
17525........ 16 17643........ 16 17670. . 45
17J73 16 17822 40 17843 8*
"824 40 17988. 16 18031 16
180S5.. ..'¦ 16 l?10S 40 1S19S " 24
18284....-....- 16 18437 ..' 80 18696".'.;;"*" 16
18783 80 18812 80 19182 ' 16
19315.....'... 16 19466........ 80 39738........ 16
19786 ;. 40 mil: IS 19889...' 24
V&l >. 24 19953 24 20091........ l 8
2fe3 40 20668 „. 16120731.. .....I. 40
20737.. ....u S02C760........ 1621139 16
21266......?. 80 21410 24 21542. 16
21699 16 21S62 24 21905..... . 16
22037..:..... 16 22300 16122347 :. 40
223?3 24 22354......:. 16 22642 16
22662 24 22732 24122917..... 16
22934. 24 22944 430J23131 16
231« 16 23604.. 80 23677... K.
23713 40 i 23722........ 40 23743 ; - *i
23767. 120 23777 16 2Zm'.. .'."". h
: 23869..; • 24 23SS2 16123970 1<
2^!»0 16 249C8 24 2«S3.. 16
24S93 16 25019 16 25172 24
2M37 24 253S5... >..... 16 25400 ," ' : 18
K5«) < 24 25573........ 24125612.. I" " 16
£»«:¦ 24K698... i 8025712.:::? 24
2?J3| 40 25746 16 25749..;..;.. 16
PJ6 24 26119 16 26121........ SO
26J2j • 16 26198.... 16 26285 24
S"^ 24 26S23 16126340 120
25564. -..-¦:.; "-24 26S72.....r.; , 40|26590... 40
*>'}l '..j 40 270J7.......V- 16127161......;. .40
P« 24 27441........ J4I27730...:.... 24
27844 .40 27964........ •'¦ 40 23065 24
2W92 24 2S217 .<. 24 2S236:" .. "r 80
*f275 16 28430 16128491 16
2*518... 16 2S529.. ...... 120128535 24
; 5||o6 162S671... 16128707 80
W?27 16 2SS30 ¦ 16I2SS56. 16
2SS61 24 29409.. 80 29727. 16
29772 16 29793 40 29S71... 40
2!>«2 16 29929 24 SOOOl 24
3C125 .... .16 30150 40 301&5....... -24
812S4. ....... 16 303S5. ........' 24 30407...... 16
80588 24 30736.. 24 30752... 16
30795.'....... 24 30959........ 16 80J64 40
31N>5 16 31069... 16 31163... 16
31S75. 24 31420.. 24 31546. 40
31S*5 .24 31028: J6 32028.. ....I" 24
32115 1632136 ...120132201 16
82511. 16 32711.. 80132732 16
82743 24 32752........ 16J32S25 40
32915.. ¦,24|32950........ 40 33290. 24
83391........ 40 33463.. 16133496 24
33621.. 24 33710......... 16 33736... 24
3J776.. ...... 40 33789........ 80 33857. 16
3JS13. ....... 2433953........ 4034036........ 24
31152........ 80 342S2 16 34439........ 80 :
34530 80 34737... ..... 16 34779 120
S4S03. ....... 1634964... 16 34970 » 16
34i»90 80 35003...:.... 120J35107 ...V 40
3T.294.: 24 85383........ 40|S5505 ...80
8Cf20.. ......" 16 35707 40135720. .'...... 40
85X18.. ,16 35891........ 40 36064... H
EC192 440 36312..; 16 36314........ 16
808S4 80 36399 24 36405. 30000
36416 24 36582.;-. .40)36991.. 40
S7000.. ...... 2437176... 8037200.. ,~. 16
81112... r 40 37221........ 16 37281........ . 40
87G28 34 37719 '.. 16 37S71 16
8S051 ,40)38089.. 24 3?100.. ...... 16
8S299. ....... 24138302... '40 38308........ 16
3«SS6 16 3S540 1« 38549........ 80
8S566 -24 3R671 24 38706 40
St746 J4 3S807.. .£O|3S968... 16
38963........ 40 39040.. /40I39071. 16
3?143.. 16 39237........ 80139250..... .i. 24
3S390 16 8»391.. 2JJ3343O.. ...... 24
89468 40 39469........ .80139636 80
8f<666.. .:.... 24 39675 .24 40174........ 24
40?30.. ...... '¦¦ - ' 16 4G295.V.. ....:. 80 48488 'l«
4C607.. 16 40620........ 24 40781........ 24
40808.. ......: 1640870.. 40 40961 16
40987........ - 1641007 .40141072.. ....:. 24
41Z14... ' 16 41370........ 24J4140O .... 40
41501 16 41S91 16 41969 120
42063 120 42130........ - 40i42149........ 16
42262...;.... 1642345 .16142400........ 16
42407... * 16 42142... . 16 42534 ' 24
42745. 40 42087 ...24 43110........ 40
43410 -80 43464........ 24 43604........ 40
4S652... 1000 43658........ V 24 43667...... ; i«
43688.'.;..'...:.'. 40 43681...... ¦..•: 40 43695......'. 40
4JS35 40 43873........ 16J44016......;. go
44143........ 16 44215..;;.... 24 44330........ 2i
4i373. 24 444G9.. ...... 16 44619........ 40
44(68 16 44681........ 16 4469«.'. ...... lg
44C88..; 40 44972 120 44989........ 24
4f2U.. ...... 24 45549....:... 16 45661......... l«
4#7D2. 24 45718........ 16 45948.. ...... 16
46C22......... 8046207 ...24 46347 -16
4h279........ ,80 46416......... 120(46525.. ...... 24
4C713 : 16 46763.. . 16|47226 ii6
47418........ 24 4S021......... 24 48044..... .'. 'go
4S049V.;.;.;. 24 4?109.. ...... 4048113. 18
4S205.. ...... 16 48344.....;.. 16 4S432.. ...;.. 16
48457........ 80 48528..;.;.;.' 40 48692........ 24
4S795........ 16 4885S. ....... 2449097. 24
49166... ¦ 16'49304. ....... 24 49436 16
4J453. ....... 16149647..;..... .16 49780...;.... ij
4M34... ...... :. 16 50158 ..; .8050163....... ]«
B0242.".. .'.:.'; .40150290.:...... ,24 50338......... 16
BP.146........ 16150416.. ...";.. . 24 50458 16
£0461........ 16 50640........ 16J5O76O...;.... 40
50790.1. •. 120 50815........ --40150874. ....... 24
6C889 : 24 60951...... ..< lb|50965 24 !
609S0........ SO 51040..: 24|51066.. ...... 24 I
61217........ ,16 51222........ 24151225.... ;... 40
512S3::....-.. 16 51553.....:... 16151754..-..,... 40
61799...:...:^ 16 51982........ 16|52037. .;.;... ' 24
e:o58.....;.. '40152114.:.;.... 400152157. ....... ie
B2246.. -..:-... ;:-. 16 52393.7...... :24|S240l. ....... 1«
62446.....".:: ;40 62449. ..;.... '80io2J41 16
62780... .V... 16 32782.;...;.. 16|52873.....;./ 16
53018....^;. 24 53026 24i53063. .;;.... '24
£3093........ 40 53145......;.' 40153179........ 24
E3297 .....:.. ;16 53314........ 16153324: lft.
53f97......... 16153600. :..-..;.. 16153697......:. 24
53SS5.. ...... '•.40J53893 '80 53936........ 40
6<117.;.....:.: 16 54252........ 24 54275. 16
B4445.. ....;• 16 54468.."....;. .-80 54530.......... 18
64657..;...;.. 40 54721..;....% ' 16 J54775.. -;..;.. 24
B47S8;....... .24154933.;......, 24154950........ ¦ l«
56058 ;....... -16 55327.... - • 80)55362.. ...;.. 16
K-2D6. -.:.¦...-.' • 24153713. .......< 120155722.:....;. 24
55728. .Y.Y.V.'> 16(55803....:.'.. 1* 55943.V.*;..-.. "24
55978.V.. .¦•¦.. 120 56318........ 16 56323:....;.. i«
50326........ «.'-. 40I56402:.-?*....' 1615G5S9. .-..;;.. 40
5C690.. .:.... '> 16I56R20. . ....... 16I570S3 ie
57089.;. > 80 57332..:.:..-.;: 24;67876..... -..- 24
•67460..:;.;.. "24 57456....;... ; 16I57536;;;;;... 19
'67O"a.r;;.;.: ' ¦ 16 57702 ::...t..- > ic|57906.-. :.-;.¦;¦ i«
67S24. ....:..': 16 58041..:...;. :40i5R127..;;... *4 '
R>1E2.;...t:.' 24 58339........ 24168399..;.:... 24
K457.-.V.-:... •.; 16 6S568.-;v....;=" 16 58580.: ;...;• lg
ES609..:.V..: ¦¦"¦ 16 68775..-...;..- 24|5S795. .......-•' 16 :
Iffl2r...;...< ': 80 59232..;...;; 16159279....... lfi
6.%01. ...... :.>. K .40t596O7...... ....- lGi60075...... i« i
60102.... ....• .24160395.:. 24160410. T..... IS
60419.;..-.... - 16! 60454.. ;;..-..- •&OI6C598.V...: 40
60715.-. ;.v.:. : 16!6O76»»...:... 40|6ns90........ 16
60P68. ....... -16 61018.;.....; \16161M3. ..;..- 24
61510..:..'.:. 61328.;.V.... " 1616156O.;.;..;. 24
61575..;.-..;.-- ; 40 61751.-..:.... 40;61809..V.T... 16
61832.:;.....;' 40 61897 ...... •.-.:• 24:62054.;.....; . 16 '
6£0aO.V..-.-.w;, 16162200..:..... 16I62302......... 24
62433;.-.:..;. ,40162475.;;..... 24|<>2966:;. ;...;, 2000
.63141...:;;.. : 16J63374. ........ 161634S3.. ...... 24
6T.C34.'.U..V. 40lfi3703.'....;:; ' 24163850.':. .;..-;. 24
63947.:;:.... ¦ 40!6«29. .:.:... 80i6«isi ;;...-.-. 16
64183..-.:....: " 24164291....:... 16164508;;..;. . 7. 440
,64t»90.-:::.... • i 40164704. .-.....-. , 40164709..... ..; 1$
64735;:t.T..: ! 40!64778.v;..^.V 24|64Se4. .:..... 16 '
64893.V. ...... •., .161 65095 ;. ; . :;. ." ; . 40! 65468 S : .*.-.-. . ' : 24*
e6499....:.v.i-;- 16165634. ..%..¦...; 40165780... ;..;. ' 24
65^38.;......:; 16163S87........ " S0| 66101. ;. 16
6C2U:;..;... - 40166240..'.;..*.. 16166362. .;.-;.. . t 24 I
NUMBERS
OF THE
Honduras National Lottery Co,
- Originals foregoing affidavits held by
president of -Honduras National > Lottery Com
pany ; (Louisiana State .Lottery Company).
State of New Jersey, County of Hudson— ss.-
Mtchael H. McClaln, being duly sworn, on his
oath says that he Is the owner and holder of
one-half ticket 'No. 30,279,' which number drew
the - second I capital > prize of the Honduras Na
tional Lottery Company In the drawing of •No
vember 10, : 1900; '.that; the address 'of affiant is
214 ¦ First street, Jersey . City, \ Hudson County,
N. J. :;.;¦• (Signed.) 1 MICHAEL H. McCLAIN. /
Subscribed and sworn to before me at Jersey
City. N. ¦J.. November : S0. 1900. ¦¦. ¦
JAMES D., MANNING. Notary Public.
$4000 FOR $1— ONE-HALF OF SECOND CAPI
g£9gg£&8$.TAL PRIZE* <
• FIRST CAPITAL PRIZE.
State of. Missouri.: City of St! Louis— ss.
Charles . Keppler deposes and says he resides
at 733 South Broadway. ' city of St. Louis; that
he Is . by . occupation ¦ butcher, employed at J.
A. Schroufs, 1700 South Broadway, city of St.'
LC'Uis/and that he is the rightful owner of one
quarter- ticket No." 49,437 in the Honduras Na
tional i Lottery Company (Louisiana State Lot
tety)," which In the drawing held on Saturday,
November 10. 1900. at Puerto Cortez. Honduras,
C ¦ A., drew the - first capital prize : of $30,000.
- (Signed.); CHAS. KEPPLER
Sworn to and subscribed before me November
17.- 1S00. ¦¦•'. • ' CHARLES E. HANNA.UEK.
- .Notary Public, City of St. Louis.
$7500 FOR". B0 CENTS— ONE-QUARTER OF
• FIRST CAPITAL PRIZE.
State of Louisiana, Parish of Orleans — ss
Before me, Charles : O. Rebentisch, a notary
public In and for the parish of Orleans, State
of Louisiana, personally appeared Mr. Patrick
Lyons, -i who resides at No. 83 Huron street in
the city of Chicago, 111., who, being duly
sworn. ' doth depose and > say that he ¦ Is the
bona fide owner and purchaser of one-quarter
ticket: No. 49,437. ; which drew the first capital
prize of $30,000 in the drawing held at 'Puerto
Ccrtez, Honduras, C. A... oir November 10, 1900.
and that said ticket was paid on presentation.
Signed.) .-.-¦¦.>•.- -PATRICK LYONS.
Sworn to and subscribed before me this, No
vember 23. A. D. 1900.
C. O. : REBENTISCH, Notary Public.
$7500 FOR 50 CENTS-ONE-QUARTER OF
State of California, County of San Joaqutn — bs.
On this 30th of November, 1900, before me,
A. R. Bogue. a notary public in and for the
county . of San Joaquln.' State of California,
personally appeared- Jacob, Eberle,' who. being
first duly sworn, deposes and , says: On or
about the ' 18th day of October. 1900, I pur
chased at the city of Stockton. Cal.. one-half
ticket numbered 49,437 for the November draw
ing I of the Honduras , National Lottery Com
pany, paying therefor the sum of one dollar;
that said number drew j the first capital prize
of $30,000 in the drawing held at Puerto Cortez,
Honduras. C ' A., on Saturday, November 10,
1SK-0, and said ticket was collected by the San
Joaqutn Valley Bank of Stockton, Cal., for my
account. . (Signed.) JACOB - EBERLE.
Witness: J. F. ADAMS.
A. R. BOGUE. Notary Public
TAL. PRIZE.
(Signed.) W. S. CABELLE, Commissioner.
$15,000 FOR $1— ONE-HALF OF FIRST CAPI-
The subscriber having supervised the single
number drawing, class M, Honduras National
Lottery Company, hereby certifies that the
above are the numbers which were this day
drawn from the 100,000 placed In the wheel,
with the prizes corresponding to them. Wlt
ress my hand at Puerto Cortez, Honduras, C.
A., this Saturday, December 15, 1900.
999 numbers ending with 89, . being the two
last figures of the number drawing the second
capital prize of $S00O— $8.
- 999 numbers ending with 05. belns the two
last figures of the number drawing the capital
prize of $30,000-$8.
TERMINAL PRIZES.
100 numbers from 66,665 to 66,765, Inclusive,
being 50 numbers on each elds of the number
drawing the capital prixe of $4fO0— $16.
100 numbers from 78.2S9 to 78,389, Inclusive,
being 60 numbers on each side of the number
drawing the capital prize of $8000— $24.
- 100 numbers from 36,355 to 34,435, Inclusive,
being 60 numbers on each side of the number
drawing the capital prize of )30,000— $40.
No. Prize. No. PrizeJNo. Prize.
ef582:.'......' ,80 86715........' 40W 66767...... ::>" 16
6G791.. ;.;•..;. 24 66S30. -;:.-.: " 16 86308..... '. 7. ' 24
67003.. ....A 16 67065..:..... 24 67086 40
6710O..-..V..'. 40 67286........ 16 67307........ 24
67319........ - : 24 67377........ 16 67413........ f 40
67393......... 24 67595:.......' 16 67641........ 24
! 67665..." 16 67696......%. ie;67SSO ... 24
68068.;-..-.'...; 24 68061......... 16)68272 24
6S291.. .....; 12068306 24 68429 "16
68514.. .--... 16 6S532.. 24 6S563........ <40
6SE69..*T... ¦¦¦: 16 6S623 16I6S681... .'.... .24
6S700.7..-....-- .40 68732 : 1616S850.. .'..... 16
eS)160.. ...... .4069170........ 2469340........ 24
68441.. ...... 80 69511.. 16 69775 80
60(s61.. ...... 24 69927. 16 69971 24
66995........ ¦ 40 70016 24 70052 ...24
70G87.. ...... 16 70088........ 16 70172 16
70367....;... : 40 70369. 16 703S7.. .;..;. - 16
70718........ 16 70839 .-. 16 70941 24
70053........ 16 71087 16 71157. 24
71318.. .16 71341........ 16 71397........ SO
71398.... .16 71420........ 16 71479........ 16
71615........ 16 71S42.. 24 72187 IS
72230 16172445........ 16 72467 SO
72665 ; 16 72702.. 16 72S0O.. ...... . '80
72828........ 16 73071........ 40 73174........ 40
73219........ .40 73313 40 73351........' 1«
73315........ ,24 73531........ 16 73934........ .16
73636... 16 73730........ 16 73S17 IS
73*18.. ......: 16 73853........ V 24 73S8S 24
74146......... 16 74223 1IT74231 16
74329........ 24 74379.. 16 74407........ 24
74415........ -••• 24 74597........ 16 74654........ 16
74814........ 180 75229........ 40 75231...... '.. 16
75268.;...... 120 75305 24 75335.... 16
75381. ; 16 75639 16 75763 24
7o!<79. 16 75985......... 40 76030.. 24
76207........ , . 16 76259.. 16 76339.. - 40
7C610.. ...... 80 76619........ 40 76621 80
76683 ..40 76760 40 76S50 24
• 7fi929. ....... 16 77224 400 77273 40
77323........ 40 77417 24 77452 24
77E20........ 24 77549 18 77651 45
77773........ * 24 77877........ 24 77915 16>
7SC28.. ...... . 120 78084........ 24 78125:....... 24
7S130 18 7S323 16 78339 8000
7S403 ...80 78479........ 24 78600 16
TS755......V. I6 78W6.......; '16 79022 16
7J094: 40 79164.... 40 79331 18
79433.. 24 79470.... »... 16)79556. ....... 40
7?715 -. 40 79762..'...... 16|80OO7 80
8<X44 16S0096.J 40180102 16
80222 24 80237.' 1S[8O239 16
80268 24 8063S 16 80641........ 16
80771... 16 80778.. 24 80829 24
8C«7 - 24 80973.. 16|81120 16
•81128;. 40 81146 .... - 24 51175 80
8JI'O8;....... 16 8131S 24 81346 40
S1524. .„•.... 16 81578 16 81679........ 24
81C9O.'.:.;.-...-.- 16 81822 S0S2004 24
S1231 '.. 24 82235........ - 16 822S1'. 16
85272 40 S2399.. ...;.. 16IS2446 IS
82448 40 82465 16 82475 16
82499.. 16 82618.. 24 82624........ 16
82632.. r 24 83049 24 83148........ 80
8S173 16S3238 J6 83505........ 16
BS634 . 16 $3779. 24 83945........ 16
S4C91....J.:. 1684146...- ¦80 84176........ 24
84236 16 84298. 24 S4318.. 24
S4347 24 84355 16 84432 16
84442 16 84581. 40 84582, 40
84f55. 24 84877 16 84S8l.. t 49
848P3 i 24 85040;......., 40 85107 24
85136 24 85214 16 85524 80
85554 .... 16 85727.7. 16 85926 "16
85954 , 1(3 85975 16 86041 40
86213..;..... 40 86390 16 86395... 40
8W99.. ...... 24 864S7... 24 86492... 16
6C653 40S6669 '.. 24 SC734 16
86874 40 i?7087 16 87257 21
87S26 '24 87474........ 40 S7539 W
87601 4087620 16 87794 84
S7941 i 24 8S029 16 88058 16
88068........ 16 8S073 16 88342 24
8*281 40 8S428 40 88450 24
8F516........ 80 88527 16 SS627.. ...... 24
8*634 16 88774 40 89015 16
SSC64 16M120 16 89154 40
89209........ 40 83235. -'24 89238........ 40
8f427 2489540 40 89627........ 16
8S742 16 89821 16 89529 40
89999 .2490008. 80 90067........ 24
60072. 80 901S6 16 90225 16
SK1308 .16 30341 40 90431 24
9CS23 16 90698 24 90723........ 40
90758 24 90768 24 90841 16
901-09. ' 24 90917........ 16 90968........ 80
90973. :...... 16 91081........ 80 91082........ 40
91033........ 40 91188 16 »1208 16
91284..; -24 81281.... 16 91314 24
91381... 1691421.. 24 91473........ 40
91590./....:. 24 91674........ 24 91S73. ....*... 24
91923 16 91927........ 16191963 16
92127. 24 922C0 40(92202 16
92253... 40 92464 40192545 80
92?S0..- 40 92713 120 92725 24
92729 16 92S01 16 03007 24
93C47.. 16 93OT.9 16 93273 40
93546........ 24 93808... 40 94111 40
94150 24 94177 16 94258 16
94S11 16 94325 24 94406.. 120
94409 24 94510 80 94763 40
94815........ 24 95257 16 95290 16
P6344 16 95374 16 95490... 120
85640 16 95563 16 95583........ 24
85589 80 95666 24 93691 40
&5J.27.... 16 95S37 80 96031. 24
96037.... 16 96081 40 96229 16
i 9CS10 40 96348 16J96425.. ...... 24
96426 24 96437 16196455 80
96586 120 96617........ 24 96641 16
96653........ 16 96789 24 96S37 40
9CW2 16 96317 40 97234 16
97243 .8097244 40 97711 16
97772 24 97863 80 97918 16
97940... 24 97971. 24 9S020 16
9S093 16 98160 24 982S5 : 16
98293 4O9S323 40 98376........ 18
98476.. 80 384S8 80 98543 .16
98648.. 16 9S727 241IS730.. > 16
9S828 ;... - 16 DS860 16|98SSO ,2*
8SS07 ' 159S981.. 12O'9S989 16
95443........ 16 99457 16199553 18
&S672....-...- 120 986GO. ... 24 99616 40
9K45.: 24 99797 40 90807 24
9J*85.. ...... 16 I
APPROXIMATION PRIZES.
THE: SAN FRANCISCO CAlig; THURSDAY, DECEMBER 20, 19(Kh
13
¦ Property* owners ; of •. the Fox Lake re-
gion -In 'Wisconsin have banded ; together
to rid the waters of Fox, Grass and other
lakes ln" ; the •.vicinityi of s the Germans carp
in ; orders to ; keep: the; game > flsh^ which
make those • lakes - famous from being
driveaioataBBBKssfissBiBBBnHBsflHnBMa
The Original Little Louisiana Company of
> San Francisco, Organized Janupry v
¦•" 1887; Drawlnft December 13," 19OO.
.- No7 : 86405 wins « $7500, ; sold : In - San ; Francisco,'
Call ; * No/< 78339 wins • $2000, ; sold In • San » Fran-
cisco : Cal. ; < No. "¦" 66715 > wins : $1000, sold Mn . San
Francisco, Cal. ;» No. 62966 wins $500.- sold in San
Francisco,' Cal.: Nos.% 9950 and 43652 each wins
$250, ¦ sold ; in ¦¦ San ¦,¦ Francisco. * Cal. : ¦- Nos. 642,
9332, . 22944, . B2114 and 77224 ? each wins $100, sold
In San Francisco ; and Oakland.'? CaL •
¦ Via Sausallto F«rry. '
Commencing September to, 1900.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— «:55. •9:15.- 11:00 a. m., »1:45
»:l5,-4:0O, 6:15, »8:15. 6:40 p. m.
EXTRA 1 TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays and Sat-
urdays at 9:00 and 11:33 p. m/snsaraHasmterf
SUNDAYS— •*:(*>. *10:0O. '11:30 a. m.. »1:15,
3:15, »4:45, «:«).. 9:00 p. ni. •
Trains marked <*> run to San Quentln.
FROMsSAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:20, *S:30. 7:45, 9:30 a. m.,
•12:30, -1:45. '•3:30. 4:30. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA- TRIPS on .Mondays. • Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:9) p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:20. M0:00, »11:4S a, ra..
•1:40." •2:15. 4:45. »o:30 p.m. '-.'. -3.
."Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln,
FROM MILL. VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK.- DAYS— 5:45. 8:45, 7:55.. 9:30 a. m.
li:35, 2:10, ~ 3:30. 4:64.= B:SO p.m.
EXTRA TRIPS " on Mondays. Wednesdays
and : Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m. -•¦ .
¦ SUNDAYS— 8:03.-10:05 a." m.. 12:06. 2:15. 3: JO
5:00.* «:45 p-> m. - . ¦ ,
THROUGH TRAINS
6:55 a., m. week days — Caradero and way
stations.' ' .- . •
; 1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Tomales aod way
stations. ;:'•
.8:00 a. m. Sundays — Tomales and way
mtJt±lr>nm^ '^^^¦¦¦¦¦^¦¦¦iHBBBBBBBBHSBBBBBVvBiy
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Santa Fe
Trains-DaHy
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
Lve. San Francisco. 9:00 a m 4:10 p m 8:00 p m
Ait. Stockton 12:30 p m 7:13 p m 11:05 p m>
" Merced 2:42 pm 1:13 am
" Fresno 4:20 pm J:05ara
" Vlsalla 6:00 pm 4:50&m
" Tulare (:22 pm 5:10 s. m,
" Hanford 5:33 pm 7:06 a in
•• Bakeraneld 8:30 pm 7:30 am
" Denver .: 10:00 am ¦
" Kansas <Bity... 5:i5pm ¦
" Chicago r. 7:49 am
9 a. m. train is the Overland Express. Corre-
sponding train arrives at I p. m. dally.
4:10 p. m. is Stockton Local. Corresponding:
train arrives at 11:05 a. m. dairy.
8:00 p. m. is Fresno aad Bakenfield Express.
with Sleeping Cars for both cities. Correspond*
Ing train arrives at 8 a. ra. daily.
OFFICES — 641 Market st. and In Ferry Depot,
San Francisco: 1113 Broadway. Oakland.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leaves San Francisco, via. Sausallto Ferry:
WEEK DAYS... .9:15 a. m,; 1:45 and 4:00 d. m.
Sf.NDAYS 8:00. 10:00. 11:30 and 1:15 p. m.
Fare, Saa Francisco to Summit and Return.
$140.
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPEJT.
T«cket of flees. «21 Market St.. Saasallto Ftnr
STATEMENT
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF
THE MERCHANTS'
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEWARK. IM THE STATE OV NEW
Jersey, on the Xlst day of December. A. IX
1900. and for the year endlns on that day. aa
made to the Insurance Commissioner • of tha
Etate of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections (10 and (11- of the Political Code.
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL. 2
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up in
Cash $ 400,000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company * 17L4«9 5*
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages...... 87S.1M 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bends owned by Company 738,800 00
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonda, Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities aa collateral.... 10.000 00
Cash in Company's Office H.t3» 1*
Cash in Banks 42,770 S3
Interest due and accrued, on all
Stocks and Loans t.U* W
Interest due and accrued oa Bonds
and Mortgages S.4» 13
Premiums In due course of collection 1(3,443 M
Rents due and accrued S39 S3
Due from other Companies for Re-ln-
guranca on losses already paid...... S37 78
Total Assets $1,533,415 57
LIABILITIES.
Losse* adjusted and unpaid $ 41.C34 4S
Losses In process of Adjustment, or
in Suspense 18.(98 53
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. «,«T4 SO
Gross premiums' on Fire Risks run-
ning ona year or less. {657.734 08;
re-insurance SO per cent 128,867 04
Gross premiums on Fire Bisks run-
ning more than one year, 1735,538 21;
re-insurance pro rata * S3S.749 S3
AH other demands agrainst Company 8J.S41 04
Total Liabilities * 923,43 tl
INCOME. =====
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums 9 92T.J0O S3
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 19.7M S
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and from
all other sources 38.I3S CO
Received for Rents 7.133 73
Received from all other sources...... 13.525 *3
Total Income $1.004,6« 44
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (ln-
cludlnjr $105,863 7S. losses of pre-
vious years) t S81.S29 a
Dividends to Stockholders 40,000 M
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 179,021X7
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 171.241 17
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes 37.552 33
All other payments and expenditures 27.S63 S3
Total Expenditure* J1.U7.224 23
Losses incurred during the year S (78.328 89
Risks and Premiums. I Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the '
year na.418,587 $L2«.BS J4
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 115.I39.584 U12.579 07
• Net amount In force
\ December 31. 1900 143. 859.697 1.453.170 29
O. LEE STOUT. Prea.
W. H. GUERRIN. Sec
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 20th
day of January. 1360.
R. S. STEADMAN.
Notary Public
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT.
420 CALIFORNIA STREET
SAN FRANCISCO.
< IILLARD 0. WAYMAH, Manager.
G. W. HcHEAB, General Agent
y^tk Br. Gibbon's Dispensary,
G29 HEABSY ST. Established
fS = nP*M0al" 1*34 for the treatment of Private
rJIijk^JSaP Diseases. Lost Manhood. Debility or
UrogATsfidf 1 Lvase wearingnn body and mind and
i^*HRjW?aSkIn DNmscs. The Doctorcar*swhea
i^rg3»£§M others fail. Try him. Charges low.
Call or write.
Dr. J. JT. iilBBU.\, ban Francisco. CaL
THE WEEKLY CALL
ot It! Publishes the Cream of tte
3 News of the Week and
o< MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
o| ORiGINAL- FEATURES
9y IT IS TMB BEST WEEKLY
o< ::¦ paper on tmb
2 PACIFIC COAST
5 The Beat X. / Mlnin*
T) Telegraphic y New» That
OC Service 00 /\ b Accurate
ol The Coast S N^Bptodtl*
©i ¦ S x. __
eJ Not • Une cf it Sensational
J or Faky, and Not a Line oJ
Zj It Dry or Uninteresting
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RT. CO.
IjEJSSHE]
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
' RAILWAY COni»XSY.
TIBURON FERRY— FOOT OT MARKET sTT.
6an Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS-7:30. 9:00. 11. -CO a, m.; U:SS, I:M,
6:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip at 11:*»
p. ra. Saturdays — Extra trip* at 1:50 aad
11:20 p. m. -
6UNDAYS—S:00. »:30. 11:00 a. m.: IM, 8:»». 1:00,
1:20 p..m.
6*ri Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS-«:10. 7:60. »:20,J1:10 s. m.: 13:48.
- a :40v 5:10 p. m. - Saturdays— Extra trips ayl:U
and *:3S p. m. #
BUNDATS-8:10. »:«», 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, J:W, 1^8,
1:25 D- n>.
Between Saa Francisco and Schuetzea Park,
same schedule aa above. ' - ¦
Leave J In Eff act I Arrive
Ban Francisco. | Nov. 7, 1900l I Ban FranolsoOh
Week I Sun- I ¦ I Sun- 1 W««k
Days. I days. ( Destination. [ days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
1:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, «:06 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
Fulton.
f :K> am Windsor. W'J& *n>
Healdsburg.
Lytton.
Geyservllle,
t:SO pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:g pm «:a pm
1-30 ami I Hopland \ f I ¦
• j 8:00 ami and Uklah. / 7^5 pm| I:B pm
TJO am! " 10:z5 am
- I 8:00 am OuemevlU*. T:3S pm
1:30 pm| -^ ) ¦ . -¦- l<:apa
1-30 am 8:00 am Sonoma »:15 ami l:<0 aa
. and -
8:10 pm (KlOpin Glen Ellen. <:05 pm 8:M prn
7:30 ami 8:00 ami -' " . • / 110:40 am|10:t3 am
8 Iti pmf S:00 pml Sehastopot I 7:85 pm| 6:M pm
"stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
6r7rings and White Sulphur Spring*; at Fulton
tor Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: it
Oeyserville for Ska«g» Springs: at ClorerdaU
for the • Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Bnrings, Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle, Carls-
bad Barings? Soda Bay Lakeport and BartUtt
EDrinics- at Uklah for Vichy flprtngs. Saratoga
SDrinis' Blue I>akes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Bbrlnls Upper Lake. Pom*. Potter Valley.
John 5 *. Riverside. Llerley-s. BuckneU^sI
EanSedrin Heights. Hullvllle, Oirs Hot Springs.
Mendoclno* City. Fort Bragg. Westport. Usal
Wlllets Lavtonvile. Cummings.* Bell s Springs.
Harris. Olsens. Dyer. Scotia and Kjireka.
. Saturday to Monday round-trip Ucketa at r»-
Sundays, round-trip tickets to all 'points
bevond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market St.. Chronicle bolld-
Inr - * . - V J' ~ - . R. X. RYAN",
H. C. WH1TINO. _ Oso. Paaa. Agt.
Gen. Manager, - — -
PIlOPOsALS.
PROPOSALS '- ~~~
FT5R
TAPER FOR THE PCBLIC PRINTING AXD
BINDINO.
SEALED PROPOSALS will be received until
January 10. l?0L at 10:33 o'clock A. M for i
furnishing the PAPER for the PUBLIC
PRINTING ar.d BINDING for the *-»saT*»dlr£ '
2Sth of February. 1S;2. the said proposals to ;
fce opened before and the award of contracts to !
be rnaae by the Joint Committee of Congress
on Public rrintlnjr to the lowtst and be*t bid-
drr for the Interest of the Governrrenl. th«>
committee re»en-ir4r to Itself the rleht to re
iect a.r.y and all bids, aa ita Judgment of the
bert interests of the Government may dictate
Detailed schedules or the description quan-
tity, and quality of the paper required, accom-
panied by samples and blank proposals and
«ri\-lr.r the regulations with which bidders must
comply, can be obtained by addressing F W
Palmer, Public Printer, Waahinirton, D C
The contracts will be entered into for eupply-
lag euch quantities of paper m> may be needed
during th«- year, and no more.
The estlmet*-*! quantities set forth In detail
In the schedule comrriw:
S0.6CO reams machine-finish printing paper,
20,000 reams machine-finish, printing paper.
24,500 reams aired and super-calendared
white or tinted printing paper, va-
rious flies.
SL000 reams white writing paper, various
eizea and weights. •-
4,800 reams colored writing paper, various
size* and weights.
2,000 reams cover paper, various b1«8 and
weights.
Kt.CX) pounds of best plate paper.
ay>.<yy> pounds of best map paper.
€00.000 pound* superfine (double) coated book
paper.
1,600 reams marJla paper, various sizes and
weights.
100.000 pounds bond paper.
20,000 pounds arafldal . parchment, various
¦ires. •* *
«.OT> pounds parchment deed.
110.000 sheets cardboard, varjous colors, sizes,
and weights.
£.100,000 sheen bristol board, various colors,
aizes, and weights.
9,000 reams flm-class ledger paper, white or
blue, laid or wove, .various sizes and
weight*. —WWW
11,200 reams second-class ledger paper, white
or blue, laid or^ wove, .various sizes
and weights.
4,701 re&m* tlerue aad copying paper. .
25 reams blotting paper, any required
color and weight.
395 reams plaid, marble, and comb paper,
various sizes.
£50 reams typewriter paper, various sizes
and weight*.
1.115 reams cap, letter, and note paper.
100 reams white French folio, 17x22.
2.0W) sheets parchment. 15x21. .
Proposals will be received for on* thousand
reams or more.
By direction of the Joint Committee of Con-
gress on Public Printing:
F. W. PALMER.
Public Printer.
¦WASHINGTON, D. C, December 20, 1900.
ROOMS TO LET — Forn. and I'nfnrn.
KEW ARLINGTON. IMS Market at.— Nicely
furnished rooms. O a week up; 85c a day up.
OTARRELU 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
of fleet ; c'.evator: electric lights; day, wk.. mo.
OTARF.ELL, 742— Sunny front bay-window
room; paa. bath, phone; t!5; double room. t».
ROTAL House, 126 Ellis et.— Incandescent light;
readir.jr-rooBi. emcking-room and ladles' par*
lcr: rooms, per night. Z5c to $1 60: week, fj to
$*; rconth. I v to 550; elevator on ground floor;
rooir.s with hot and cold water; baths.
XIO? EDALE House. 213 and 321 Ellis st— Rooms.
right 25c to tl. week tl £5 to |4: open night.
tliERMAN Apartment House. 2S Eichth at.,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
FliOTWELL, 111— Furnished room to rent with
bath; with cr without board.
SIXTEENTH. 2311 — Large fumiahed front
room; closet.
fcVTTER. 220H— Changed hands; newly reno- ''
vatPd; single rooms. SS; suites, <li to $*5 mo.
TTTRK. SS3— Sunny front room, suitable for
two jrentlemen or dressmaker.
WEBSTER, fcl?— Three Bunny rooms, furnished
or unfurnished.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch pace. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office fcr Call advertisements and
FUbscriptions has been established at 1096
\ ajenoia gt.
ROOMS AXD DOAIID.
AT th« old Stevenson mansion, opp. Grace
Chiirch. with annex 607 California St.. may
be found a most exceptionally good tabK at-
tractiv* and sightly rooms at modest rates.
ROOMS WAATEP. j
WANTED — A nice trjnry unfurnished room by
elderly lady. Rox 3*3S. Call office.
SPECIAL, XOTICES.
OFFICE of the Collector of Customs. Port of San
Francisco. Cal., December 18, 1900— Notice is
hereby given that the Commissioner of Navi-
gation, under date of December 13, s I?C>0. has
authorized a change in the r.ame of the steam
tujr L. U'CKEXUACH to DEFIANCE. Said
vessel was built in 1SS9; official number 141.-
C21; gross tonnage 241: owner. J. D. Spreckels
& Bros. Company. F. S. STRATTON, Col-
lector of Customs.
1-ADIES — Chiehester EnrllEh Pennyroyal P11U
are the be«; safe, reliable; take no other;
send 4c stamps for particulars; "Relief for
Ladles" In letter by mum mall; at drug-
__ gists. Chlrhegter Chemical Co.. Phlladel.. Pa.
BAD tenants ejected for tU collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
415 MrmtiroTr.erv rt.. rooms !*-10: tel. S5S0.
STOHAGE^AAD IVAREHOl'SES.
WILEON BROS.. Ftoraee and moving: covered
vans. Tenth and Market: phone South 762.
"eeKIXS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission at.;
tel. Main 1S4?; * hipping at cut rates.
TVPETVniTERS AXD SUPPLIES.
tell better machines for lets money than any
houfe in the city; rentals, 13. The Typewriter
Exchange. £26 California: teleyhone Main 2U.
JVLTVAYS banralns in typewriters; any make.
Write for prices to L. <t M. ALEXANDER.
11'* M cntjt^mery rt.
DIVIDGXD XOTICES.
xTlXl D END ~NOTTcE^DT\-TdTnd~N o. iS "(fifty
ctrts per share) of the Oceanic Steamship
Crrr.pany will be payable at the office of
the company. 227 Market St.. on and after
%Yednes<5ay, January 2, 1901. Transfer books
rloe* on Wednesday, December 26. 1900. at 2
o'clock p. m. K. H. PHELIXJN. Becy.
EAN Francisco Savings Vnion, t32 California
rt.. ccrwr Wehb. For the half year ending
with the 31« cf December. 1» 0, a dividend has
bf-en declared at the rate per annum of three
ar.d F'.x-tenths (3 6-lf 1 ) per cent on term de-
posits and three <3) per cent on ordinary de-
posits. fre« of taxes, payable on and after
Wednesday, January- 2, 1901.
LOVELL WHITE, Cashier.
DIVIDEND Notice— The German Savings and
I>i&n S.Miiety. f.26 California street. For the ;
half yf&r riidiiia* with December 31. 1900, a
dividend has bt-cn declared at the rate uf
three &nd one-quarter (3 S 4) per cent per an-
num en all deposits, free of taxes, payable
on and after Wednesday, January 2, 190L
GBOHGE TOURNT. Secretary.
A DIVIDEND in liquidation of 3 r«r oent on
all deposits has be^n declared by The Califor-
nia Savins* i.nd Lean Society, payable on and
after Friday, Dectmbc-r 14. 1000. at the office
of the society. Mills buiidin*. M floor, room
g< CHAS. P. FAP.QCHARSON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Dividend No. 66 (IS "cents
per ehare) of the Hutchlnecn Sugar Planta-.
?.icn CeniDar.y will be payable at the office
cf the company. 227 Market st-. oa and after
Thursday. December 20. 1900. Transfer books
will close on Friday. December 14. 1900. at 1
o'clock p. m. E. H. FHELDOS. secretary.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
EHERIFF'S^ALE^HUGH H. BEGGS, plaln-
tift*. vs. AGNES V. NOLAN, defendant. Sale
Justice's Court. No. 14.4S7. Execution:
Ucder tad by virtue of an execution. Issued
out of the Justlce'a Court of the city and coun-
ty of San Francisco, State of California, on the
2d day of Nove:r.l>er. A. D. 1900. In the above
f-r.Utled action, wherein HXTGH H. BEGGS.
the above named plaintiff, obtained a Judgment
against AGNES V. NOLAN, defendant, on the
lfcth day of Scjteraber, A. D. 1S00. which said
judgment was recorded in the Clerk's office of
raid court, I arn commanded to 6ell all the
right, title and Interest of the above named
defendant. AGNES V. NOLAN" In and to all
that certain lot, piece or parcel of land, eltu-
fi.te, lyir.g and being in the city end county of
fan Francisco. State of California, and bounded
bsiG <!c-f-cribed as follows:
Commencing at the southwest corner of Bac-
ramento and Killmore streets, running thence
WMUfsffily aionj? the westerly line of Flllmore
Etreet, 79 feft &rA 6 inches; thence at right an-
gles westerly 10c feet ar.d 3 inches; thence at
rlpfct angles northerly ar.d parallel with Fill-
more ttrcct 7S feet and € Inches: and thence at
ricrht angles easterly 106 feet and 3 inches to
t>.«r point of commencement.
Public notice is hereby given that on Frl-
«!-':¦•. the 11th day of January. A. D. 130L at U
>'docfc noon of that day, in front of the New
City Hall. Larkin street wing, in the city and
c.ur.t}- of ."an Francisco, I wilt in obedience
t^. f-aid ex«?eution. Fell all of the ripht, title and
ir. *.f rest of the above named defendant. AGNES
V. NOLAN, in and to the above described
property; or to mu^h thereof as may be neces-
t-ary to r&is* sufficient money to satisfy eald
3u>1rment. with Interest and costs, etc.. to the
hi?:;<Ft and best bidder, for lawful money of
the United States.
JOHN LACKMANN, Sheriff.
Kan Francisco, December 2rt. 1X0.
E. M. MASSET,
Hoom 503. Claus Ppt^rkplt" building, San Fran-
<-iFon. Attorney for rialntifT.
SEWIXG atACHIXES , AXD SUPPLIED
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
paired; open even. ; phone Black 1124. 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
palrtng lowest rates; open even. 205 Fourth.
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired: needles and
t buttles; reduced rates. 145 6th; phone Mint 5.x
A WEEK'S news tor 6 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
WAH.WTAflB T.TnTVMKES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Lculs Abrate. 24. 706 Green street, and Co-
lombe Pey. 23. 15H Scott place.
John Jamleson, 3S, city, and Clara R. Fay.
Paui y kelnhardt, S3. 8» Fell street, and Ber-
tha Weule. 27, St.* Louis.
Harry A. Hilton. 24, S Ivy avenue, and Hen-
rietta White, 24, 2 Ivy avenue.
William J. Hennesey, 33, Oakland, and Annie
B. O-Nelll. 23. city. M \ r ¦
Eanile Conor. 22. 632 Pacific street, and Mamie
F. Johnson, S3. 616>4 Pacific street.
BIRTHS— MABRIABES — DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notioea sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BOBN.
TBAGUB— In Oakland. Deoember 17, 1900, to
the wife of H. S. Teague. a daughter.
~ mabbiedT
BECK— PHILLIPS-In this city, Pecember IS.
1900. by the Rev. John Stephens, Charles
Henry Beck and Hattie Orlena Phillips, both
of Llvermore. CaL -.
DIED. "
Antolne. Marie P. J. Hannlfin. Bridget
§ Armstrong. Mathilda Hirth. Elizabeth H.
Bannett. Louis Itjen. Mtb. Johanna
BelL Julia Jacobs. Paulino
Carman. Eliza C. Jameson. James 8.
Cook. Julia M. Kennedy, James
Cullumber. John Levy, EUen S.
Damon. Frank O. Lang, Mrs. Carmen
l>iaz Bernardina Linderman. Willard
Dougherty. Michael Mayrisch. Kenneth
Forner. Jacob B. Murphy. Dennis J.
Fester, Mary Xahon. Samuel A.
German. Reyes 8. i£ Ochner. Mrs. Bertha
Gillen. Mary O'Keefe, David
Graham. James Reger. Albert P.
Gray. Susan H. "tta*ner. Prank >*-*
Groth. Frederick Ward. Harold W.
Hagerty. Maggie Webber, Mary
Hall. Mrs. Woenne. Frank
Hamberg. Ebba V. Toune, Mary
AXTOIXE— In this city, December 17, 1900,
Marie Paul Jules Antolne, Vic© Consul of
France, a native of Delle, France, aged 35
years 6 months and 21 days.
(prThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Fridaj-). at 10:30 o'clock, from the parlor*
cf Julius S. Godeau. 805 Montgomery avenue,
thence to Notre Dame des Victoires French
Church, where a high requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mend us at 11 o'clock.
ARMSTRONG— In this city. December 17. 1900,
Mathilda, beloved wife of Rudolph Armstrong,
and beloved mother of Mrs. A. Braeee. Mrs.
C. F. Rodin and Hilda. Ernest. Oscar and
George Armstrong, a native of Sweden, aged
&S years 10 months and 4 days.
C^Frienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the family res-
dence, 14S Rubs street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery by carriage.
BAKNBTT— In this city, December IS. 1900,
Louis, beloved son of the late Harris and
Hannah Bannett. and brother of Mrs. R. Sll-
vereteln and Mrs. M. Levl. a native of New
York, ased 47 years.
ZT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from his laU resi-
dence. 1611 Broderick street. Interment Sa-
lem Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train from
Third and Torrasend streets.
HALL of Unity Lodge Xo. 27, A. O. U. W., 32
OFarrell stre«t— The funeral escort is hereby
notiHed to assemble at the hall this day
(Thursday), at 5:45 o'clock, to attend the
funeral of our late brother. Louis Bannett.
Fines will be strictly enforced. Br order of
T. W. WARD, MasteT Workman.
H.. GRIMSHAW. Recorder.
BELL— In Berkeley, December 17, 1900. Julia
BelL beloved wife of James Bell, daughter of
Martin Detje, and fsister of Mrs. William
Meyer of Alameda, Mrs. E. E. Meyer of
Wrights and Martin Detje. a native of Ham-
burg, Germany, aged 69 years 4 months and
EXFuneral will leave residence, 1546 Dwight
•way. Berkeley, this day (Thursday), at 9
o'clock, via 10 o'clock creek boat, and on 11:30
o'clock train from Third and Townsend street.
Ban Francisco, to Cj-prets Lawn Cemetery,
where cremation will take place.
CARMAN— In this city, December IS. 1900. Eliza
C. Carman, beloved wife of William O. Car-
man, and mother of William J. Carman and
Mrs. A. Elliott, a native of Defiance. Ohio,
aeed £5 years 4 months and 6 days. (Defiance,
Ohio, papers please copy.)
E7 Remains at the funeral parlors of
Charles H. Jacob Sc Co.. 218 Mason street, be-
tween O'Farrell and Geary- Funeral and in-
terment private. Please omit flowers.
COOK— In Rio Vista, Deoember 19, 1900, Julia
Martin, beloved daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
Peter Cook, aged S years S months and &
days.
CULLUMBER— In this city. December 19. 1900.
John Cullumber, beloved husband of Julia
Cullumber. and brother of William Cullum-
ber of Bitterwater, San Benito County, and
Martha Bcstmoore and Lizzie Hodges of
Gold Hill. Or., a native of Arkansas, aged
d years 9 months and E days.
DAMON— In this city, December 19, 1900. Frank
G., beloved husband of Llllle Damon, son of
I George C. and Charlotte Damon, and brother
of Mrs. J. D. Learned, a native of Maine,
aged 28 years 7 months and 6 days. A mem-
ber of Theatrical Employes' Protective Union,
and also of the Ban Francisco Theatrical
Mechanics' Association.
E7"Rema!ns at the mortuary chapel of the
Golden Gate Undertaking Company, 2425 Mis-
sion street, near Twenty-first. . .
DIAZ— In this city. December 17. 1900. Ber-
nardina Diaz, a native of Mexico, ajred 39
years.
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
rally invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. 6. Godeau, 805 Montgomery avenue,
thence to Nueetra. Senora de Guadalupe
Church, where a high requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her eoul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock.
DOUGHERTY— In this city, December 18. 1900,
Michael Dougherty, a native of the parish of
Carndaragh, County Donegal. Ireland, aged
! €4 years.
ICy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8 o'clock, from the parlors of
! McAvoy & Co., 1239 Market street, between
Eighth and Xinth. thence to St. Paul's
Church for services. It^erment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
FOKNER— In this city, December 17, 1900
Jacob B., beloved husband of Eliza Forneri
and father of Fred A.. Victor and Louis For-
ner and Mrs. Joseph Dixon. .a native of Ger- :
many, seed 75 years.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the fun«ral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from hi6 late resi-
dence. 13fc3 Stevenson street, between Twelfth
and Thirteenth streets. Please omit flowers.
Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
FOSTER — In Berkeley. December 19. 1900,
Mary, widow of the ¦ late Henry A. Foster,
and beloved mother of Harry W., George H.,
Charles T., Frank B. and Grace T. Foster
and Mrs. George H. Strieker, a native of
> Edinburgh, Scotland, aged 61 years and 2
months.
(CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Friday), at 2 o'clock, at her late
residence. 1411 Oxford etreet. Berkeley. In-
terment Mountain View Cemetery.
GERMAN— In this city, December 19, 1900,
Reyes Silvas de German, beloved mother of
Manuel and Genera German, a native of
Mexico, aged CO years.
GRAHAM— In this city, December 19. 1900.
James, beloved husband of Jane Graham, and
father of Thomas and Lizzie Graham, Mrs.
P. F. Nolan and Agnes and James Graham,
a native of Port Glasgow, Scotland, aged 67
years 7 months and 4 days.
E7'Notice of funeral hereafter.
GILLEN— In this city. December 16. 1900, Mary
Gillen. a nat\e of Ireland, aged 65 years.
GTRemains at the parlors of J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co., 767 Mission street; Notice of fu-
neral hereafter.
GRAY— In this city, December 19. 1900. at her
residence. 1120 Vallejo street, Susan H., be-
lo\ed wife of the late Matthias Gray, and
mother of Matthias K. Gray, a native of
Elizabeth, N. J., aged €2 years.
C7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited tf> attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday) at 2 o'clock, from St. Stephen's
Church. Fulton street, between Webster and
Flllmore. Interment prtrate.
GROTH— In Oakland. December 18. 1900. Fred-
erick Groth, a native of Sweden, aged 51
years. "
HAGERTT-In this city. December. 18. 1900,
Maggie, beloved wife of Daniel Hagerty. and
mother of Mary Ellen, John and . Margarite
Hagerty. and sister of Mrs. Florence Driseoll.
end cousin of John Monaghan. a native of the
parish of Skull. County Cork. Ireland, aged
W years 9 months and 1 day. . .
* ?r r *T r1 ! n<1 5 and acflUHntancea.are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral thla day
(Thursday), at g:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 22 Rlngold street, thence to St. Jo-
seph s Churrb. where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
V Holy Cross Cemetery.
01 !!. clty '' I>ecembef 18.-1900.
SS'^x? « Ia ' fe lov<Ki dauKhter of Hannah and
An°tnJr«, H^r7'« an<1 vi Jlter of Amy, Louisa.
Anton and Olof Hamberg. a . native of San
Francisco, aged 11 months and 3 days,
v CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the resident
of the parents. 26 Cuvier street, oft Mission
road. - Interment . I. O. O. F. Cemetery
HANNIFIN— In this city. December "IV .1900.
HENRYS d. GALLAGHER(CO.,v
(Successor • t» Flanna can . & ' Gallagher)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mir.
; FUNERAL DIRECTOR8 AND EUBALMERS.
20 Fifth St.. - opposite ; Lincoln School.
Telephone South 60. "•
. MOUT1IKR9I HAl'IFK} I'OMPART.
. (paoivio srnsM.)
Traina !•»?• anil t»r«i dn» »o arrlf* •»•
MAN FItANCIM«:o.
(Mi'.n Line, Foot of Market Street)
UATB — • ?R0M DlCtMBSa 1, 1300. — . AB.EIVB
¦TiOOa Benida, Snteon. Elmirm, YaemTiUo,
Bomser and Sacramento..: *7>lSr
•7tOOA Shasta Express— Darts, Williams (for
Bartlett Springs). Willows, Bed
Bluff, Portland.... «7i4a»
•7 jSO a Hartiuez. San Kauion.Vallejo. N»pa,
¦ ¦---¦¦¦' CaMatng* aad Santa Rom.. •«ilS>#
•81OOA Davit, Woodland. KnigbU Landing,
MarysTille, Orotille *7t«3f
•PiiOO* Atlantic Express— Ogden and Ea*« *t<43»
•S:OOa Niles, Llrermors. Tr»cy, Lathion,
Stockton *7>13»
•MiSUa Ban Joae, LdTermore, Stockton,
lone, Sacramento, PUcerTiUo,
MuryivIIle, Chicn, lledliluff *4iMr
•*:30a Oakdilf, Chinese, Sonora, Carters... Milftr
•»:OOa Haywarda, Nlles and Way Station*. "I 1:43a
•VsOttA^Loe Angeles Extras — Martines. ¦
Traoy, Latiirop. .-itocktou. Marcsa
Fresno aurt Lea Ajngale* *7:13r
•W«»» A Vallejo. Martluez autl Way Stations *ai«3r
•I O:OOa Tno Orerlaud Limited— OgdeD, Den-
ver, Omaha. Chicago •6i43r
•1I:OOa Nile*, Stockton. Hacramento, Men*
, dota. Fresno, Uaufoid. Viaalla.
"i PorUrtille MiI»f
•11:00a LlTermore,. Baneer, Go»hen Jane-
tlon, Baksrafleld, Los Angeles
fl:OOp Sacrameuto Ititer Steamers t»iO«*
•3iOOr Haywards, Nlles and Way Buttons. *»s43r
•4:V«p Hartluax. Sau lUmoii, Vallejo,
Napa. Cali«to«a. Santa lto*a...... *llil»»
•4iOOp Beniela, Wlntem. 8aciaro»nto,
Woodland, Knights Landloi,
MarysTille. Oiovllle •!•««*
Minor Haywarda, Nlles and San Jote JSi4*a
•3:Oftr NUm, LiTermore and Stockton •l©ft»A
oSiOOp Bnnset Umlted. Et Paso. New
Orleans aad East. «1»s13a
*3iOOrTho Owl Limited— Traoy, Fresno.
Bakenfield, Saugus (or BanU Bar-
bara, Los Angelas a l«il8a
•SiOOr New Orleaot £xprea— BakenDeld. /
.^ . ¦ SaiiU Karb.ra.Loa Anceles. Dem-
" tug, El Paao. New Orleaus and
Ka»t "7t«»A
•BjOOp Haynardf, Nlles aid Sin Jose *7i IBa
t«iOOr Vaflejo # ll«454
•0i4«r OrienUl Mall— Ogden, Cbeyenns.
Omaha, Chicago *3:43p
•«H»Or Oriental Mail— Ogden, DenTer.
Omaha. Chloago. *4:lSr
•7iO«p Oregon and CalKornia lCzpreH.Hae-
niineiitii, Marjatllle, Jleddlnr.
Fortlmiit, 1'nget Hound and llast "St43i
»8iO3pSan Pablo. Port Costa, Martinez
and Way Stations •11>43a
tWiOSp Vall>jo MlfMA
COAST IUVISION (Narrow tianRe).
, (Foot ot Market Street.)
•Hi I » a Newark. Centortilie.flan Jote, Felton,
Bonlder Croek.Sauta Onix and Way
Stations ••!»»»
fStlSr Newark, Centerrlll*. San .loie New
Almaden, Fclton. Hoaldar Creek,
Santa Crus and l'rlnclpal Way
8UUous .Vs tlA'-****
•4iI9p Newark, 8an Jose. Los Oatos. ...... "8:50a
at):3Op Hunters' Ezonnion. Ban Joae and
WayStatiops.. VZ***r
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
frtm III ritlOISCO-ritt ir Mtrkit Strut (Slif !)—
t7:15 9:00 11:00a.m. 1:03 3:03 8-03 f.*.
rriaOltUlt— r.«l.t8r«4»«y.— 1«:00 t*00 1»i»
10:00a.m. lt:03 3:03 4.03 *6:03r.M.
COAST lUflSION (Brotil IJange).
1 (ThlrJ and TownaenJ 3ta.)
t«<IOA Ocean View. Booth Ban FrancUoo.. 1«t»i7
*7tO«A Ban J010 ami Way StaUona (New
. ' AUnadew Wedneadajs only) *I>30r
••*O» Sun Jose, Tres Finos, Santa Crm,
. Paellto Grote, Puo Hobles, 8»n
' Tiiils Oblino, Surf, Lompoo aud
Prliiclpal War Buttons *4i 1 «y
•¦•i4Oa Ban Jose snd Way Buttons. •6iSSa
•HiSOa San Jote am! Way Stations •Oi*Op
tSr«9r8an Mateo. Redwood, Menlo Park.
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, 8an Josa,
Tres Piaos, Santa Cnu, Salinas,
Monterey and PaclBo GroM flOit«&
fUtSOr San Joae and War Station! »7i3Up
f4:iar San Joae aad Principal Way Stations *1»>43a
t»ioor San Jose, Ms Gatos and Principal
Way Buttons •»9>O«a
•5:30p SauJoieaud Principal Way Statious *8:33a
•OtSOp San Jots and Way Stations tS:Oiu
Cll:4SpSan Josa ami Way Stationt... *7»80p
AforMoniinc. P for Afternoon.
• Dally. ? Hnn4ay excopUd. tSoudayoaly.
y Mondays, Wednesdays, Fridays. .
c Tuesdays, Thursdays, Sundays.
a S»wirday_oalx.
. Bridget, wife of Daniel Hannifin, mother of
Aimet Hannifin,' and daughter of Dennis and
Johanna Bowen. • a native of- Boston. Mass
jLced 26 years. -. , • -i
C7Notice of funeral hereafter.' 1 ' Remains at
the parlors of JVC. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mis-
sion street. ¦
1^' Ho8pltal - %
HIRTH— In this city. December 18. 1900. Bliza-
beth H., beloved wife of P. H. HlrthT^and
mother of- Maud M. Hargreaves. a native of
Cincinnati, Ohio; aged 61 years 7 months and
10 days. ¦-'¦','¦'.' "" " -r
ITJEN— la this city, December 19. • 1900, Mrs.
Johanna It]en, beloved mother of Henry
Charles and Frederick Itjen and Mrs." August'
Young, a native of Bremerhaven. - Germany,
aeed 68 years 7 months and 15 days.' -¦.."- '
(n7"Friends and acquaintances > are. respect-'
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Theodor Dlerks, 957 Mission street, between
Fifth and Sixth. Interment ¦ Laurel Hill
Cemetery. • :.,:-,, -„-¦¦:
JACOBS— In this city, December 19,' 1900, -Pau-
line Jacobs, .beloved mother of Samuel. Bar-
ney. Isaac and Gabriel Jacobs,,- the Misses
Hay. Nancy and Birdie : Jacobs. Mr».\ H. L.
SprlnKer, Jlrs. ,- R. .. Rosenthal. Mra. A.
Schwartz and Mrs. Mark Levy, and widow of
the late Abraham Jacobs, a native of Prus-
sia, aped 67 years 9 months and 9 days.
CC7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral . to-morrow
(Friday), at -10 o'clock, from her late reel-,
dence, 2011 Pine street, between Lasuna and
Buchanan, and thence by 11:30 o'clock train
from Third and Townsend streets to Hills of
Eternity Cemetery for interment. '¦¦ Please
omit flowers. ¦ . -
JAMESON— In Oakland. -December 18, 1900,
James &.. beloved husband of Salome S.
Jameson, and uncle of William. Emma and
Minnia Jameson, a native of Palmyra, ( Mo
aged TO years 2 months and 16 days. ¦ . • - ¦ -
EyFYiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Friday), at 2 o'clock, at his late
residence, 11S0 Nineteenth street. Oakland.
Interment private. ' , ¦ ¦ ¦ ,
KENNEDY— In thla city. December 18. 1900.
James Kennedy, a native of Ireland, aged 87
years.
LANG— In Alameda, December 19. 1900. Mrs.
Carmen Calvo Lang, dearly . beloved mother
of Mrs. Anito M.- de Tlnoco. Mrs. Herbert
Luft and Miss Antoinette and Carmen Lang
a native of Madrid, Spain, aged 63 years 4
months and 19 days.
LEVY— In this city, December 19. 1900, . Ellen
S. Levy (GrandmaJ, beloved mother of Mrs.
Flora Marx and David S.. Edward and Harry
A. Levy, a . native of Coblentz. • Germany
ared S9 years.
CTThe funeral will take place thts day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1706 Broadway. • Interment strictly
private. ¦-¦¦'.¦•'
LINDBRMAN- In this city. December 18, 1900.
Willard-^Arthur, beloved son - of " Samuel W.
and Mary A. Underman, and brother of
Walter Underman, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 9 years 11 months and 4 days.
IE7"rhe funeral services will take place
this day (Thursday), at 1 o"olock, at the
family residence, 40 Twelfth street. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery by carriage.
MAYRISCH— In- Alameda, December 19. 1900.
Kenneth Henry Mayrlsch. "Infant son of Mary
and Ernest Mayrisch JV.,.a native of Ala-
meda, aged 1 year 1 month and 20 days.
MURPHY— In this city, December 19, 1900,
Dennis J. Murphy, beloved brother of Mrs.
James Penderghast and John J. "Murphy, a
native of MllUtreet, County Cork. Ireland
A member of K. of R. B. and - Rebel • Carle
Benevolent Association.
CTRemains at parlors of Carew & English,
41 Van Ness avenue. Notice of funeral here-
after. ¦ ¦¦ I • • ' ¦ ¦ ¦
NAHON— In the City and County Hoepltal.
December IS. 1900. Samuel A. Nahon, a native
of Spain, aged 50 years.
OCHNER— In this city, December 17, 1900, Mc».
Bertha Ochner, a native of Germany, aged
74 years 2 months and 7 days.
ICTThe funeral will ) take place this day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
O'KEEFE— In this city, December IS, 1900, Da-
vid, beloved brother of John" O'Keefe. and
uncle of T. W., Mlcha«l. Edmund. David and
Nellie Klrby and Edward O'Keefe, a native
of County Kerry, Ireland, aged 50 years.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), from the undertaking parlors of
J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, at 10 o'clock. Interment.
Holy Cross Cemetery.
REGER— In this city. December 18. 1900. Albert
P. Reeer. a native of Philadelphia, ased 62
years. (Philadelphia papers please copy.)
C7 Remains at the . funeral parlors of
Charles H. Jacob & Co., 318 Mason street, be-
tween O'Farrell and Geary. Funeraband in-
terment private.
WAGNER— In San Leandro. December 19, 1900,
Frank Wagner, beloved son of John and Bar-
bara Warner, and brother of George and
Johannah Wagner, Mrs. C. H. Smith and
Mrs. J. D. Moffltt, a. native of California,
aged 25 years S months and 6 days.
tQTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from, his late resi-
dence, San Leandro.- •¦•¦¦ -
"WARD— In this city. December 18, 1900, Harold
\V., beloved son of John C. and Kate E.
Ward, and grandson of Jeremiah Hurley, a
native of San Francisco, aged 5 years and 1
month.
E7The funeral will take place this day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, 6434 Natoma street. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
WEBBER— In Berkeley, December 19. 1900.
Mary Webber, . beloved daughter of Mrs. W.
J. Phillips, corner of Piedmont avenue and
Rues Btreet. Berkeley, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 11 years 11 months and 4 days.
WOENNE— In this city, December 19. 1900.
Frank Woenne, beloved husband of Lena
Woenne. and father of Walter and Edna !
Woenne, a native of Gotha, Germany, aged 36 ;
years 3 months and 12 days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the. funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2476 Post street. Cremation I. O. O. F.
Cemetery.
YOUNG— In Oakland, December 19, 1900, Mary
Young, beloved mother of Mrs. Mary Ral-
ston and John Young, a native of Ireland,
ased 78 years.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of Mr. John Ralston! 1520 Thirteenth avenue.
East Oakland. Interment Mountain View
Cemetery.
ST. DOMINIC S CHURCH BUILDING * AS-
SOCIATION.— The monthly requiem - high
mass for the deceased members of St. Domi-
nic's Church Building Association and for
parents and relatives of living members will
be func in St. Dominic's Church, this day
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock.
: \
" ¦ 1
The California Limited \
The Santa Fe new and sumptuous - i
train, through to Chicago ; i\
in 75 hours, begins January ist.
' - ' i
EAILROAD TBAVEL.The student teachers of the San Kran
clsco State Normal School will to-day at
3 p. m. hold exercises for the benefit of
the pupils of the model school. The ex
ercises will take place In the assembly
room of the Methodist Episcopal church.
Powell street, between "Washington and
Jackson.
Exercises of Student Teachers.
Peter Morrison, a young man who lives
In th« Mission, has a craze for stealing
horses and buggies. Yesterday Judge Mo
gan sent him. to the County Jail for three
months on each of two charges and there
was another charge against him that was
not prosecuted. •
Craze for Stealing Higs.
plaining witness was Miss Lizzie Clark
son, who lives at 2020 Folsom street with
Mrs • Margaret Warner. Several witnesses
were examined for the defense yesterday
afternoon, including Mrs. Mabel Acker
man andMlBS IJllle Ciarkson. sisters or
the complaining witness, and the Judge
came to the conclusion that the prepon
derance of testimony was In. favor of the
defendant.
The Lucas Case^ Dismissed.
: ; The ". charge : of impersonating an ; officer
preferred aealnst Aif K.' Lucas, -pri vat*
.detective,"; was dismissed by Judge,.Ca
'baniss^yesterday' afternoon; The com-
-..: Our storo will ; be I open evenings • until
Christmas for the .'exhibition and sale of
choice, and - ; useful' Christmas ;¦ presents.'
Banborn, Vail ; & Co.. 741 Market street "¦¦ • •
Christmas Presents.
Trunks] *¦' travellrir bajn. , Befor« buylnj
our. "lurtiu trunk:" A. ». Smith Co.. 1^ Bills.
Alta Parlor of the Native "Daughters of
the' Golden West will- have a Christmas
tree festival in the Shasta Hall v of uthe
Native Sons' building - to-morrow night.
The committee .. having , the i matter ; in
charge has . arranged an evening ,of'en
tertainment that it is , said will* eclipse
anything In that' line heretofore given. by.
this well-known subordinate of the Native
Daughter s.'r^fk I'ilfll jjllltBMBTiirjnnilOJMiODttt
Alta Parlor's Christmas.
-,The anniversary Vof the landing of the
pilgrim fathers will be celebrated to
morrow evening ; at the ¦ First Unitarian
Church," Geary and Franklin streets. Rev.
George >W. : ; Stone, : historian of the Mas
sachusetts ; Mayflower % Society, will . give
an his subject; being "A Study
of ¦• the- Pilgrim , Era.".: ; Members of all
colonial-; societies and. the general public
are* invited, to i be "prcent: .'
To Celebrate k ForefathersM>ay.
On all the- Pullman cars Jess* Moore "AA"
whlekey U to be had.
Mrs. Dora Nelson, who;lived. at 224-.Va.l
lejo'street, tried to commit suicide' yes
terday. She took a dose of carbolic acid,
but, thanks to prompt action of Dr. Baci
galupl, at the Harbor Hospital,. she may
recover. The woman left her .husband
some months ago to live with a sailor.
Since then she has been in bad health and
despondent. When the effect of the drug
began to wear off the woman' was; in -a
pitiable condition. . Her husband offered to
take her home, but she refused, and said
she would sooner. die than go back to her
children. , . ,
Swallows Carbolic Acid.
Gold-mounted pen and pencil holders,
silver desk ornaments,, leather -calendars
and letter-holders, writing .sets, lap tab
lets, ornamental blotters, fancy Inkstands,
little gold clocks, letter openers, paper
cutters and many other useful and pretty
articles for the writing desk. Sanborn,
Vail & Co., 741 Market street. ¦ •
Good for Christmas.
Bister Sanghametta, : 'under^ the.au3pices
of the Maha-Boclhl' Society, -delivered a
lecture last night in the "Academy of Sci
ences lecture roomjto an attentive audi
ence. Having made, an exhaustive study
of Buddhism she was -enabled to explain
to»the. audience ;the real -.'worth 'of her
chosen \ religion.'. '>"T3ie ', lecturer | related
many incidents of her travels th/oughout
the Interior. of 'India .--laying' particular
; stress on ¦ the ' deplorable condition of the
¦ natives; \"whlch »conditloh,",- she . said "is
due to the.' existence 6f the various castes.
Until these*are abolished; help from other
people -'or v nations ->. will prove of little
avail." .,: .',;:*( *;• !. r ,
lectures on Buddhism.
Do not delay. , This week the greatest
shoe bargains in the world. -You can wear
good and stylish; shoes by . buying them
right, in the right place. $3 sho<:s for men
and. women .to-morrow, for ?1 35 a pair, at
the assignee shoe sale of the Boston. 775
Market street, near. Fourth. ; •*
Come Along.
John J. English and 120 others filed a
suit in the United States District Court
yesterday ag-ainst the Pacific Mail Steam
ship Company to recover $60,500 damages
f cr alleged breach of passenger contract.
The _ complainants are 'men who went to
Nagasaki some months ago. in charge of a
cargo of '. horses designed for- the German
army in China, and they allege that al
though their contract with the defendant
provided for European steerage accommo
dations, they were herded in the Oriental
steerage among coolie Chinese and Japan
ese, to the complainants' great damage In
health, comfort and feelings. Riordan &
Lande appear, for. the complainants.
Suit Against the Pacific Mail.
The Lnited States Government spends
more than J10,(X.iO,0(W a'year In maintaining
the Indians.
The mountings on the purses shown by
Cooper & Co. on' Market street are an in
novation in this line. Each is a work of
art and represents in the highest degree
the .silversmith's art. For Christmas
presents nothing could.be more desirable.*
Artistic Accomplishment in Silver.^
Among the many congresses that met at
the Paris Exposition one of the most in
teresting was the lntei national Assembly
ef the AJplnlsts, composed of mountain
cumbers.
Father McQuaide is one of the most
popular young priests in the diocese and
as he has hosts of friends they will no
doubt now come forward and give help In
a Ilnanclal way toward the erection of the
church. At a recent meeting held by the
men of 'the parish $2000 was subscribed to
the good cause.
Sacred Edifice of the Holy Redeemer
Will Be Erected on Diamond
Street.
A site has been bought for the church
in the new parish of the Holy Redeemer.
The Rev. Father AIcQuaide, the pastor
of the parish, has selected ground on the
west side of Diamond street., south of
Eighteenth. Without dela^- work will
commence for the erection of the sacred
edittce and a parochial school , and resi
dence. -
FATHEE McQUAIDE BUYS
A LOT FOR THE CHUBCH
The Chutes and Zoo has an unusually
good programme for the week's entertain
ment. "The amateurs" will be heard to
night in a new feature.
Fischer's Concert-house is < doing excel
lent business with Cogill and Cooper's
comedians in "The Widow O'Brien." A
host of specialties and musical acts are
introduced.
Next Saturday . evening Belasco &
Thall's new Central Theater will open.
VThe Heart of Maryland," the favorite
military romance, will be the initial pro
gramme. • -
The Orpheum's bill is an excellent one,
and the houses are equally good. Shean
and Warren, Truly Shattuck. Mme. Do
ria and Mile. Christina's dog, cat and
monkey circus are the latest attractions.
The Alhambra is "dark" for the week.
The next attraction will be the popular
comedy-, "Why Smith Left Home," pre
sented by the same company as was seen
here last year.
dies' Quartet is much enjoyed and Ben
Hendricks in the title role fully lives up
to his reputation. "At the White Horse
Tavern" will be presented next week, and
from all accounts the new comedy should
prove a notable programme.
Tf TT OWARD HALL, the popular and
j — J| efficient leading man 'at the Al
1 I cazar, ' will toon be seen In the
II. li. principal roles at Belasco &
Thall's new! Central .Theater,
which opens on Saturday next. • He is a
finished and forcible actor and/ is con-,
sidered one- of the' best melodramatic
artists in America;. In the plays to. be
produced at' the' Central Theater, of which
"The Heart,; of. Maryland". will be the
first." he will have better opportunities for
displaying his abilities in this line than
he hitherto has had at the Alcazar, where
comedies predominate. ,
"Cinderella," at the Tivoll, is "all right."
So, eay the children, and If not they, -who
has aright to judge a fairy fantasy? And
those whom stern study compels, to "take
the children to' the show" seem no whit
less pleased than the little ones. "Sun
flower Sue,". .with its rows of living flow
ers: the "Roosevelt and McKinley" tab
leau,.the pretty ballets, the funny songs
all make up as bright and pretty a holiday
show as has been seen in town for many
days/
"Madame Butterfly," in Its fourth and
last .week at the Alcazar i neater, has
had a most successful 'run. It la the pret
tiest play that the popular theater has put
on since iue First. Born." Next week
another Belasco invention will be pre
sented; "Naughty Anthony," with a repu
tation preceding- it of having brought the
unaccustomed blush to New York's hard
ened cheek.
"Ole Olson," at the California, is crowd
ing the theater nightly. The Swedish La-
The Supervisors' Judiciary Committee
recommended yesterday that the resolu
tion to rescind the permit for the Central
Theater be indefinitely postponed. Thin
action was taken as the result of the re
port of the i Fire Deoartment that the
structure is safe and even safer than
some other theaters. It was the sense of
the committee that, beine an existing
theater, it is not amenable to the theater
ordinance- passed subsequently to its orig.
inal construction, though it complies rea
sonably with the ordinance. The Tax Col
lector will be directed to issue the neces
sary license.
Superintendent Simmons stated that all
the suggestions made by Fire Chief Sul
livan had been carried out. Thesa in
cluded the widening- of the main entrance
to 22 feet 2 inches and the removal of alt
obstructions so as to leave the entire
structure clear. The three windbreaks
under the auditorium are all in position.
The continuation of the brick pros>cenlum
wall from the stage line to the ground U
completed and above ihe stage line It will
b* bulltto a height of four feet above the
roof. Fireproof shutters are being pro
vided for eight .windows on the exterior
of .the auditorium. The total exit space
from the auditorium is eeventj--four and
a half feet and from the staee twenty
two and a half feet.
AseUtant Chief Dougherty, who repre
sented Chief Sullivan, said he went from
one end of the building- to the other ex
amined the emergency exits and found it
well provided in that respect.
"As far as I have seen," said Dougher
ty, "the building is first class as to exits.-
There Is more danger really from "panic
than, fire In a theator and on that ac
count a theater with ffood exits is com
paratively safe."
"I am satisfied that the exits of thi3
theater are better ihan those in some
other theaters in this city." said Commis
sioner Manson. "It also possesnen th*
characteristic of being a 'slow-burninc"
structure, which Is In its favor in eass
of- fire. The standard- of safety provided
by the theater ordinance is very high and
according to that standard the building is
not altogether safe In case of a panic."
Judiciary Committee Not in
Favor of Its Being
Rescinded.
CENTRAL THEATER
PERMIT STANDS
HOWARD HALL, NOW LEADING MAN AT THE ALCAZAR. HE WILL
OCCUPY A SIMILAR POSITION AT BELASCO & THALL'S CENTRAL
! THEATER WHEN IT OPENS. . ' /
Says He Will Accept Clerks
Certificated by the
Commission.
Tax Collector Scott etated yesterday
that he will bow to the «inevitable and ac
cept the clerks certified by the Civil Serv
ice Commission for his office* He has re
quested, however, that he tie not com
pelled to make a requisition for the clerks
ur.tll the first of the year and his request
hits been granted. As published in yes
terday's Call, this ¦will result In probably
eighteen of Scott's present force losing
their positions, as only five are high
enough up on the list to be certified for
appointment.
Scott expresses considerable dissatisfac
tion ix-ra-use the same Questions were
asked of his clerks in the tax office and
tne license office, over which he has con
trol. He says the duties in the two offices
are entirejy dissimilar, and contends that
two distinct examinations should have
been held. The clerks in the license office
were uuable to answer the questions
wh'ch related entirely to the tax otlico
• nd consequently are low on the list or
did not pass at all. In fact, he was as
sured that another examination would be
held for the license office, but none has
bo far been called- Scott declares that he
will accept the dictum of the Civil Service
Commission in regard to his clerks, but
when the list of eligible deputies is an
nounced he will oppose any attempt to
disturb the deputies now in his office,
feeveral of whom did not take the examin
fction.
An apparent Inconsistency in the mark-
Ing of examination papers by the commis
sion was cited by Auditor Wells • yester
day. "When "Wells was allowed to select
three extra clerks of his own choslng out
of ten required to extend the tax rolls he
appointed Francis X. Foley to one of the
places. He learned afterward that Foley
•was a civil service eligible for ordinary
clerk. hl« Ftandinrr being No. 83. with a
percentage of 82. Foley also took the ex
amination for experienced clerk In the tax
office, and his standing on that list is No.
J, with 87.45 p«r cent. Foley is a son of
Frarcis Foley, commissary of the State
prison at S«n Quentin. and brother of W.
I. Foley, Governor Game's secretary.
SCOTT BOWS TO
CIVIL SERVICE
THE wedding of William J. Hen
tiBUty, a popular l^adfr among the
yrur.gr Republicans of Oakland,
and MJss Annie E. O'Neill of
this city vra* celebrated last
evening ct the Church of the Most Holy
Redeemer. Rev. Joseph McQuade offici
ated. Miss Louise O'Neill, a sister of the
bride, acted" as bridesmaid and John J.
Connolley of Oakland was best man. The
bride were a modish gown of white stlk.
with tulle veiling, clustered with orange
blossoms. She carried a bouquet of lilies
of the valley.
The wedding was attended by the rela
tive? and a few intimate friends of the
bride and groom. After the ceremony a
reception was held at the residence of the
bride's parents, 606 Castro street; where
they have lived since their removal from
Oakland two months ago. The bride is
the daughter of Mr. and Mi*. P. J.
O'Neill, who resided many years in Oak
land.
The groom has beer: active in Repub
lican politics at West Oakland for years
and has held a high placr- in the district
affairs. He has a host of frionds. who
have been showering: congratulations upon
the. young ccupip. Mr. Hennessey is now
clerk of th» Police Court of Oakland, hav
irg been appointed three and a half yeare
ago J y Judge Allen and reappointed by
Judge Smith.
Alter a honeymoon trip in Southern
California Mr. and Mrs. Hennessey will
reside at S67 Peralta street, where the
groom has established a pretty home for
his bride. • •
MR. AXD MRS. WILTJAM J. HENNESSEY. "WHO WERE MaRRIED, IN
THIS CITY YESTERDAY BY THE REV. JOSEPH McQUAIDE IN THE
CHURCH OF THE HOLY REDEEMER.
A husband sitting on the witness stand
in a Superior Court and being cross-ex-
Emir.eil by his wife was the novel sight
witnessed in San Francisco yesterday.
Charles H. Smith, wlio is trying to obtain
,a Uivoice from Mrs. Josephine Smith bc
for; Judge ' Dairgerfleld, was the witness
and the ];tdy named pumped the ques
tions into him with a rapidity and width
of rar;pe such as a woman, who has re
ceived a glorious chance to "hurl all the
vocal arrows of her scorn at the man she
despises is likely to employ.
Of course, Mrs. Smith had to be "called
down" by the court ¦whenever her 'line of
questioning became Interminable, which
happened frequently, his Honor, courte
ously informing her once that she would
better, "pass to another line unless she
struck a lead." The Portia of the divorce
court was not content with her husband's
rea^sertion of the fact that she had hurled
a dozen wine eiapses at him, but with a
lock of positive triumph she asked,wheth
er she had hurled them in a bunch or one
at a time. Smith actually gasped at this.
He had to acknowledge that the glasses
i came his way one at a time and not In
bunches. This was one of the most ma
teriai tacts brought out by Mrs. Smith's
questioning.
The rules that govern tne right of coun
sel in cross-examination seem to be
past the understanding of Mrs. Smith,
though she feels competent to conduct her
defense In propria persona. If It were not
for these rules Mrs. Smith, as a cross
examiner, would be a success. " As
it is. the condition is otherwise. Though
she furnished considerable discomfort for
Mr. Smith, the court and officers, she fur
nished amusement for the court frequent
ers, to which extent her efforts as a law
yer were a success. .
It would take a page to cite the Irrele
vant questions asked by Mrs. Smith, but
a portion of the dialogue between husband
and wife was exceedingly interesting. In
question and answer form— the Wife the
Interrogator, the husband the humble 'wit
ness — a portion of the dialogue follows:
"Do you believe that you are now in the
presence of the Judge, of All, a9 .well as
In the presence of this earthly court?" de
manded Mrs. Smith hysterically, as she
faced her husband. •"'-. •
Mr. Smith's calm answer "I do" reduced
Mrs. Smith's religious ecstacy to a mate
rial degree, and the examination contin
ued.
"Where did you first meet the young
girl who became your wife?"
"I met you"
"Don't say 'you* when addressing. me!"
interrupted Mra. Smith. "For the pur
pose of this examination I am Mrs. Smith
or the defendant."
"I met the defendant first at a boardingr
house at 227 Geary street,", continued
Smith, accepting his wife's suggestion not
to say "you." "and I fell deeply enough in
love with her to marry her.''.
"How many times did you have to pro
pose to her."
"Once was enough," came the answer.
"Cbme now; didn't you have to ask her
hand three times. Once might be enough
to-day, but you must remember that other
young men \fere paying, attention to her
those days and you were jealous," de
clared Mrs. Smith.
"Your time to testify will come later,"
interrupted Judge Daingerfleltl.
Mrs. Smith continued on a line of ex
amination to endeavor to make' the wit
ness admit "how happy their little home
had been" for some time, but receiving
little encouragement went on to another
line. The examination continued as fol
lows:
"Didn't you kill your father's horse with
a pitchfork," which was in keeping with
your cruel nature?"
"No " answere'd Smith serenely.
"Didn't you associate improperly with
a woman at 216, now 226, Powell street?"
"I think you have hold of the wrong
man," said Smith.
"I have hold of my husband very tight."
"Never mind; don't argue," ordered the
court.
"Didn't you try to get into that house
at 216 Powell street one night and run
into my arms— Into the arms of this de
fendant?"
"Not I." '
"Didn't this defendant so frighten you
that you Jumped down the steps?"
"I lumped down no steps." .
"Did you ever pass as a cousin of Miss
Smith, a young lady occupant of the
house?"
"Not I— never." . ,
"Are you the father of any child other
than your son born in lawful wedlock?"
"One child is enough."
I'Madam," interrupted the 'court, "you
will have to pass to another, line unless
you strike a lead." .
"Didn't you. go to the racetrack on
Washington's birthday of 1836 with a
blonde and a brunette?" •:
"Never did."
"Didn't you leave a saloon on Mont
gomery street and go ..to the railroad
building on the same day?"
"Never was in the saloon to leave it."
"When you left the Golden Gate lodging
house on > Geary street did you tell the
landlord gocd-by?"
Smith smiled Jin answer.
"Did you pay. your newspaper bill?" .'
"I owe nothing. that I know of.".
"You charge me with throwing a dozen
wine glasses , and • breaking them. 'Did I
throw, them In a bunch or one at a time?",
"One at a time." gasped Smith.
"Did I hit you?"
"No; you missed your mark."
"Where Is your proof that you , were
forced to pay the bill for more glasses?"
¦ "I haven't the bill with me."
"Then you can't prove this charge, so I
will mark it off.". -
This burst of innocence regarding plead
ing and practice on the part of Mrs. Smith
was followed by a ripple of laughter from
the court frequenters and. the bailiff
rapped for order. ¦ .
On this Mne of examination Mrs. Smith
proceeded all " day, and, as yhe informed
the court, will continue, for^ two days
more. .,
Tries to Make Him Acknowledge
He Proposed Several Times, but ¦
He Sav's Once Was
Enough.
Mr3. Smith Ignores Rules
and Statutes in Cross
Examination.
BAITS HUSBAND
WHILE HE IS ON
WITNESS STAND
THE SAN FBAISCiSCO <JAL.Iv THUliSi)AY v J3ECEMJ3EK i!o, kiuu.'
WILL BE LEADING MAN
AT CENTRAL THEATER
Howard Hall, ; Now at the- Alcazar, Is' to
": Head Company at the New House.
MARRY IN THE CHURCH
OF THE HOLY REDEEMER
William J. Hennessey of Oakland Weds Miss
Annie E. O'Neill of This City.
14
these are busy days at Hale's,
And little wonder, for here under om- roof all holiday shopping can j»
done In the most satisractory way. most conveniently, most Pfjl^Pyf*
most economically. This list of lines, that offere distinctly appropriate
holiday, gift -things will give you an Idea how broad the variety of gooas
-. here to choose -from is. ¦ ' . _,^» a
Toys and dolls-books and ga fties— Jewelry and sllverwar©-art ffop^ 3
and bric-a-brac— stationery-men's furnishings— confectionery — nandKer-
chiefs— women's suits and wraps— furs— music boxes— rujrs ar.d draperies—
.clocks — dress groods and silks— linens- lamps — fancy work — umore las —•
gloves— leather and fancy goods— perfumes and toilet goods — opera glasses
—and china and glass ware. tdifc*'^
our toy and doll department^ is one of the greatest S*^k^
holiday sights of San Francisco. f^Zf^?
" ' Kid-bcdv' dolls— handsome and ttrons. I / /
S — p-v\- r - - J — ', (^~ V-?Tf Worth Kc eacb — our price 13c t I I
" wil I Express wagons— wood bodies. Iron axles I J I
c5 ' -V I ! and • "teel-tlred wheels.. Bodies are 23 %)
V P *" •: LJ Inches leng and 13 inches. wlJe. Worth > • " / 7
• j j J Jl 30 each— our price 98c A ' jl
£5»»i* S\ "Wood-bcrty wagons, with Iron axles and A. llJ
i**». ,*i. j i steel-tired wheels. Bodies are JO Inches »- . 'rS — '
Ij *|. ij » \ J*y i long and io Jneiies wide. See illustra- j I
•|j===^ i .'.r^LJ tlon. Wcrth 55c each— our price 39c M
~ ~ Wood wash sets of six pieces. As 11- yVv/ \Z~
i lustrated. Regtilar price 98c each— our (LJJ hrV
d*Ut bedr»«m t»t», 39s eiea price 79c |gl t§?
f ;N^ Noah's Arks, filled wtth animals. Worth W?
, . V, //'• Jl 00 each— our price-' 69c m m
\('2±> Dolls' "sets of bedroom furniture. See i>F
;.'-; ';.'/ ';. y^ "n Illustration. Wctth EOc— our price. ..33c
¦ V. .. 1 ,. "^)?. / Dressed d oils— richly attired in silks, satins and laces.
¦ 'VJj? 1 '' t il/ Se * illustration. Worth Jl 25 each— our price 98c
<( V<VT. .^,Vo, Dressed dolls-little beauties. Worth 23c each-cur
£M£^k prlce i 1Oc
4.^, -\--.-i. Children's
f^eac V h S »l d 10 m $
dogs and VS^^-^4^^' £"""/" '+<X*'%\
mats — each Jl^ sj^^^jyl-^-C "//^^f^^t/Kf
C r oklnole i..| v---«,-_tiu
board n Wit ¦n^Jicj^JlOw
each. 9Sc, Doll buKles— a wonderful value for the
j jj.n. „, JlEOand.... money. ' See Uluatratlon. Regular prlca
arm«C dellf — B8a Xl'M 2Zc and worth evary cent of It— now 13c
Are you looking- for something characteristic of California, to send to- your Eastern
- friends? If you are take a look at the exhibit of novel things made from natural
woods and mosses on th« second floor.
Market street* near Sixth, opposite Golden Gate avenue.
ADVESTISITMirNTS.
3 iim « Premiums Ci*pp
many lilVCIl M. 1 VV
WITH
Teas, Coffees,
Spices, ExtraotSf
Sods, Baking Powder
Good Time and Place to Buy
Come Just to See
(jroalAoi^^QteoriiiiffTeauo.
CITY STORES.
SIO Grant Ave., bet. Post and Sntteis
861 Market St., opp. Powell.
140 Sixth 8t. 1419Po1k St.
112 Third St. 1819 Devlsadero St.
146 Ninth St. 2OO8 Fillmore St.
3000 Sixteenth St. 621 Montgomery A*>
2516 Mission St. ' 3285 Mission St.
TOS L«rkln St. 2732 24th St.
8C3 Haye. 8?. 475 Halfcht St.
52 Market St.
OAKLAND STORES.
1053 Washington St 1237 Broadwa?*
1185 23rd Ave. 616 E. I2th St.
• 1510 Seventh 8t.
ALAMEDA-I3S5 Park St.
SAN RAPAEL-B St.. near Fourth.
30 Days Only, |
; % DISCOUNT 1
on All Plates, Crawns and t|
, Bridjework. / - ' f|
„ FUUn&m, 50c Crowns, $3.50 S
3 Plates, $5.00 Full Set - [3
8 CHICAGO DENTAL PARLORS, H
j 24 Sixth Street. y
The "DANN" RECLINING CHAIR . jigg*
A Handsome Christmas /&$&*$
Easy and Co n?arta'3ie. KfV&^r
Price $15. Come and see it.
W. A. SCHROCK,
-. 19 New Montgomery Street.
"dbvMgndlty::
fl^IIS WBOrKXOWX AND EF.LIABLE OLD
L Specla!L«t«r«r'*nioo<l Po'TWP.tjnnorrhoen.Olrrt,
Strlrtur«-, !*Hniln«l Weakness, ImpntPncoaiid their
nIHed DWorrters. Hoot en Piseaws of Me;«. (rr«.
Over20yMr*Vxperence.T«Tn« ro asnnnbie. Honr^.
9toS(laily;fi:Jatt>S.30PV'B5.SundnTs.I0tf> 12. Conr.tjl-
tatlonfreeaadBacredlyconfldeotial. Call or address
P. ROSCOE MeXCIiTY.H^D.
26 H Kearn y » t. f JSan Fr» nciaco, CsL
Is" essential- to the "weak, and 111. and equally
. b«nefldnl..to:th> well. ". The fact that the An-.
i heuser-Busch Brewing- Ass'n prepares It Is a
, guarantee c.f Its . merit: Sold by all druggists.
A Few Sensible Suggestions
for the Holidays.
Si 1. 1
I Ajlji, f \ / \ plaited lined
I '( n& \ klff ) ¦ ruffle, and
V \ Jt£"*ii/ / trimmed
\ vtvsiiffii / with thr«»e
\ iE»?fc-?« rows of surnt
. -£ r Ay m a t »' r i n 1
liinklnp-sold
y "\=; E&Siffo-iZA a11 over Ht
M X^^^s_ Children's
Kersey Cloth
' tft " ,,* A ntomobn<
y ¦ Coats, ' sizes
2 to 8. Sim-
• .'¦"¦"• liar* coats
•old elsewhere • at J7— our «I» A ' ' T es. •
price ..............;..;:......... <))4«|D
Silk Mufflers.
Made Ions and wide; 'on sale at
: OOe, 75o, *i; A1.2S, "-*1. SO' #2 '
-¦:/'¦•¦ »j2-"ib, faVvi ¦ .
• V . ; STAMPING DONE FREE.' . , . .
Hosiery, by r the Box,;;; 1 ;
Ellk and Lisle Women's Hose," six- pairs
in a box; rerular price- S3c pair— on sale at
. ,'¦ 91.5O. Per Box. • .,,.....
Just - received, 'something entirely new In
women s and Children's Hosiery In fancy
colorings— on sale from <-: . • ••— <
<¦ 2:je to- 73c a Pair. "
Rainy-Day :.'-'. . * W$l>i, -^ • ¦
Overskirts,': ; *&$?§. \:
In different shades of * '*y ''Ji"F •
gray — $3 *¦ quality -"-"on • . ' ' : J*J>L' ; " ¦
Something New in t :
Women's Waists. - '^W^&*1'-.
The ' very . latest " nov- r .-v4 £
e 1 t y-SILK POPLIN' ¦ ,\ K $J2*JBi&» Wi , '
'WAISTS, .-.very.-, pretty • 1 >UX|*-oae/
colorinKs; tucked front ' ¦ >' l ljSr4r '*WJ
and back— worth $7 SO— V>'-' \A**^*^Y '
on s a 1 e ,<£/t QQ 'i Y\ ' '\'\ '-'"•¦•
at;.. ..:.:., «bft»\fciy \{ Z " • \
Don't Miss Our Ha nd kerchief Sale
"Boxes given away f rVe : with : each"^ half
'•¦ dozen. .,-: . ; . ',"'',
Lace Handkerchiefs. \ 20c quanty-4on 'sale>
• at- :;."... ..;..... ..%...:. .;...'.".. ljjuc
Lace v Handkerchiefs. . 25c quality— on sale
-at ........r.:.;.r... ...:....'...,. ,:.,v...; v ,i3ci
Lace Handkerchiefs, 35c : quality— on sale
nt .....:.'..:..r:...:..'..*7;. ¦....:: 25c
Embroidered .Handkerchiefs. 15c oualltv—
-on sale. V.V..V. :......;.... ......:....;.. IOc
Embroidered Handkerchiefs, 20c aualltv—
. on sale \...... .;;..;.. -„•-;.. r.:. .;.;... l^uo
> Embroidered- Handkerchiefs, 25c quality—
:-¦¦• on'sale.: ;.¦...•.*. :....:........;.. t I3e
Embroidered Handkerchiefs, , 35c quality—
: on sale '....'... ;..;..."........JJ3c :
121211214 ; MARKET-St^
, Bet. 4 .Taylor and Jonts.*- ¦-.--..
- *. -.':,'. MAIL ORDERS RECEIVBD. '.
Sherman, Clay Co. below give some timely and valu- v^ffia
i\V ; >/ a^ le 6n Sr5 est J° ns which make most acceptable" presents t3 %%&
Jvsifrf P ersons musically inclined: t"k|
]M& C* 0 - 3auer Guitars and Dewc y Jl n Harps »fi
1^-^ * nc^ o^ n s Instrument Cases <5uiT '
y&lH Zon-o- phones, improved Music Rolls. Stands and t,^ •
fVi'^ Gramophones, the fa- Cabinets a?ij$ .
[\£'iky mons talking: machines u . , , ¦ . ' '
V-+&J Band - Instruments — Cou.-- Han asomely bound vol- *&f: i
&TT* tois, Thibouvillc. Mar- : umes /> f the works of the Mttt
\W$ r beau and Mahillon makes most famous composers Kgij
jtsfe/ Violins, famous makes Illustrated Sonji-Books for i«Sl
fofif/ Columbia Zithers children of all apes W^S
M. Vv Sherman, Oay fir, Co. give their personal s^iarantee ' \?$
"*k&Al that eventhine purchased is first class in every particu- ' tX'i]
' :Vv/, lar- Articles cin be reserved and will be delivered N&*
''¦&'$?,}[ An insoection of Sherman, Clay & Co.'s stock on their ygl?;
various floc-s vrl'A help you to make your Christmas se- \W*i
: !«R* lections with ease, comfort and genera! satisfaction.
M Sherman, Clay & Co., m
r'-..y/^i Steinway Piano Dealers, t*k£l
K$) Ccr. Koamy and Eott:r Ste , C:r Park acd Washington. S&fe:
'$'*i. £a J'ra-cisco. Portland. rat^
1^ Ccr. 13th & Broadway, Oakland. 711 Seoond : ve., Seattle. $ft
Christmas
Specials!
Thursday— Friday—Saturday.
BUTTER square 45c
. Fancy creamery.
Recent rains make this prtc*.
CANDY, l-lb box 30c
3*35? ar*" 1 * tMh ¦** caadies -
MIXED NUTS, Ib... 15c
This season's extra fancy sots.
Regularly 20c.
NEW FIGS, Ib .....5c
Choice California. Black FIrsl
Regularly 1 lbs. 25c
ORAHB.ES, d02............30c
Fancy. jjawl Oranses: extra larre.
Regularly 40c. • Jr
0 K WHjSKEr 750, 3 bots- $2.00
•••••••••-• gal $3 00
Are and purity raaranteexX.
Regularly Jl 00 and J4 00.
CHAMPAGNE, qt bat........ 75c
Arpvi Karaszthy's celebrated brand.
RejruTarly n 23.
SWEET GIOER, gal 50c
Pure Apple Oder, very delicious.
WMES, LIQUORS AND CIGARS
All the well-known brands of Imported
Champosr.es. Clarets and Sauternes. Arac
and Swedish Punches, Jamaica St. Croix
Kum. Scotch. Irish. Bourbon and Rye TVhla-
kles. Brandies. Ports. Sherries. Malaga and
Madeira Wines. Cordials, etc
HAVANA AND KEY WEST CIGARS
Put ur> attractively for Xmas irtfts: 12. 23
50 and 100 in a box; ranging from 60c to j:o!
A Grand Display of Tree Decorations
and Bonbons,
OPEN EVENINGS.
39 STOCKTON ST., near Market.
Telephone, Main 5S23.
jf WewouJd sup*est that our large
/[ and masnintwnt stock of Ladles' |
IV Desks. Bookcases. Parlor Stands. /
Oak and "Slahosany Rockers, la '
]/ payments to your pursa, l
H will be Ideal Christmas presents. I
\f THE J. NOONAN
/{ FURNITURE COMPAMY. Inc., |
\ 1017-1023 MISSION STREET U
/ 3 Fhos* South U. Abon SUt. Saa Francisco V
%S^330 MARKET ST. S &*&?
Hale's.
Hole's.