PRICE FITE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 6, 1900.
VOLUME LXXXIX— NO. 6.
s accused of having used his own part
ter, who is a director of Grover & Co., as.
in attorney for the bank in a suit instl-
Ex-Lieutenant Governor Jeter is
charged with having obtained the stock
of Grover & Co., of placing Into the cor
poration a majority of dummy directors
and of forcing them to sell, transfer,
mortgage and dispose of the property of
the corporation for the benefit of the
bank. As president of the bank Jeter
William T. Jeter, ex-Lieutenant Gov
ernor of the State and president of the
Bank of Santa Cruz County, Is accused of
having entered Into a conspiracy with an
ex-Superior Judge of this county, with
his own legal partner, who is one of the
most prominent attorneys of this county,
and with a leading real estate agent to
obtain the entire property, real and per
sonal, of a powerful corporation by fraud,
deception and systematic dishonesty, and
all this was to be done that bad invest
ments and losses alleged to have been
sustained by the Bank of Santa Cruz
County, of which ex-Lieutenant Governor
Jeter is president, might be made good
and the credit of the bank saved.
was made to file a supplemental,
complaint In the suit of L. F. Grover
against the Bank of Santa Cruz County,
the Santa Cruz Bank of Savings and
Loan and J. H. Logan, H. E. Makinney,
J. G. Tanner and J. F. Forgues, directors
of the corporation of Grover & Co. This
suit involves some of the most startling
allegations* ever made In California
against men high In public and profes
sional life. *
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ,! Dec 6— One of the
greatest legal sensations in the
State was sprung to-day upon the
people of this city when a motion
In this way, Grover asserts. the_bank
obtained control of the corporation of
Grover & Co., appointing J. H. Logan, H.
13. Makinney, J. G. Tanner and J. F.'
Forgues majority directors. Logan Is an
ex-Superior Judge 'of- Santa Cruz County
and one of the most prominent and.repu-^
Accuses Logan of Being a Tool.
In this part of his complaint L. F. Gro
ver makes perhaps his most serious alle
gation. He -declares that the Bank of
Santa Cruz County accepted from D. W.
Grover and Hannah F. Grover 1100 shares
of the stock of Grover & Co. in satisfac
tion of an indebtedness of $40,000. Grover
charges that' when the bank officials, of
whom ex-Lieutenant Governor Jeter is
president, accepted this stock In satisfac
tion of an indebtedness of $40,000 they ac
cepted what they knew to be the worth
less stock of an Insolvent corporation.
In this complaint Grover was particu
lar to characterize the Individual defend
ants. He alluded to the fact that H. E.
Makinney is the legal partner of William'
T. Jeter, and alleged that Makinney had
acted not only for the bank but for Gro
ver & Co., and had been paid for both
services out of the property which should
have been credited to Grover & Co. In the
Bank of Santa Cruz . County. Grover
charged further that J. F. Forgues, a real
estate dealer, another. of the men who
wa3 one of Jhe defendants, was a tool of
Jeter, and was made by him one of the
directors of Grover & Co. In 1 order that
the bank of Santa Cruz County, through
Forgues. might learn every particular of
the real estate possessions of the lumber
firm and secure . this , property for the
batiks at the expense of the lumber peo
ple.
ft"-.'.-"- '• • - • .' - . ¦ •. ¦" " .
Ex-Lieutenant Governor Jeter Said/ to Have Conspired With His Law Partner,
a Real Estate Man and an ex-Judge, to Obtain by Fraud the Property of a
Big Lumber Company to Offset the Alleged Losses of His Own Bank.
MEN OF HIGH PUBLIC AND SOCIAL STANDING
MADE OBJECTS OF SERIOUS ACCUSATION
BEFORE SUPERIOR COURT AT SANTA CRUZ
SOFIA. Bulgaria, Dec. 5.— The Cabinet
has resigned owing to Ministerial differ
ences. ;'V*
Bulgarian Cabinet Resigns.
NEW YORK, Dec. 5— A Journal special
from London says: The Dowager Em
press Frederick of Germany Is ill again.
If her condition becomes more serious
Queen Victoria may go to Kronberg to
see her daughter, about whom she is very
anxious. This is alleged to be the reason
the Kaiser snubbed Kruger, to get him
out of the country- T3ie Prince of Wales
will probably go tt/ see his «ster soon.
Empress Frederick Very HI.
URGES LEGISLATION
TO FORBID POLYGAMY
Resolutions Adopted at the Women's
Council Asking for Constitu
tional Amendment.
NEW YORK. Dec. 5.— To further the
collation for the adoption of an amend
ment to the Federal constitution fiorbid
ding polygamy a meeting was held to-day
under the auspices of the Interdenomi
national Council of Women of Christian
and Patriotic Service. The meeting was
called to order by Mrs. John S. Bussing,
who Introduced Darwin R. James as
chairman for the occasion. Mr. James re
ferred to the agitation for the exclusion
of Brlgham H. Roberts from Congress.
He predicted like success for the' present
movement if the women of the country
take It up. Mr. James read a letter from
former Senator Edmunds to Mrs. James,
expressing his approval of the agitation
for a constitutional amendment.
Mrs. Vermilye read resolutions which
were adopted unanimously. They cited
the spread of polygamy in the States bor
dering on Ut^Ji and petitioned Congress
Lfi enact blndir.g laws against the practice.
ORJVERED TO INVESTIGATE
' IMPRISONMENT OF MAY
Secretary Hay Cables Instructions to
Minister Hunter in
Guatemala.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 5.— Instructions
have been cabled to Minister Hunter in
Guatemala to investigate the reported im
prisonment of R. H. May, an American
citizen, and If the facts warrant it to de
mand his instant release. Am a result of
the efforts of this Government Guatemala
agreed some months ago to arbitrate on
Mr. May's claim for violation of contract.
|We was awarded fl 41.000 in gold. The at
tention of Secretary Hay was called to a
report published this morning that May
had been cast Into prison and Instructions
were cabled to Minister Hunter.
PLANS FOR
A DIVISION
OF WEALTH
Affairs of the Pa
cific Improvement
Company.
Stockholders' Meeting to
Discuss Topics of
Liquidation. ;
CROCKER AND STANFORD STOCK
Final Adjustment Will Probably Yield
Five Million Dollars or More
to the Stanford
University.
Steps for disposing of the stocks, bonds,
franchises, townsltes, real estate, hotels,
coal mines, railroads and other proper
ties of the Pacific Improvement Company
will be pradually taken. The affairs of
the corporation will bo closed up by a
process of liquidation.
Leland Stanford, Charles Crocker, C. P.
Huntlngton and Mark Hopkins each
owned one-fourth, or twenty-five thou
sand shares of the company's stock, and
the ownership) now resides in the estates
of the founders of the corporation The
organization was first known as ' the
Western Development Company. Later
on the name was changed to that of Con
tract and Finance Company. Late in
the "seventies" a readjustment took place
and the name Pacific Improvement Com
pany was given to the institution.
The Speyers in their recent purchase of
the Crocker. Searles and Stanford hold
ings of Central and Southern Pacific
stock did not acquire any interest in the
Paciflo Improvement Company.
The value of the property belonging to
the Pacific Improvement Company is not
known and can hardly bo approximately
estimated. In fact an estimate must be
in the nature of a conjecture. A prolonged
era of general prosperity may add largely
to the value of some of the properties and
Invite purchasers to offer sums far be
yond present expectation. It is taken into
account also that events may occur that
will cause a depression, but nothing is
likely to occur that will compel the pres
ent owners to sell at a sacrifice. They
can afford to wait until the property can
be sold for what It is worth. ,
An estimate of $20,000,000 as the value of
the property of the company may not be
wide of the true mark, but It would not
be surprising if the sum of $30 ; 000,000 was
realized. The Stanford University will be
enriched by whatever sum is derived from
Mre. Stanford's one-fourth Interest.
There was a meeting of the stockholders
of the company In this city day before
yesterday. The Crocker and Stanford in
terests were represented. H. E. Hunting
ton would have attended if pressing busi
ness affairs in another field had not called
him East before the meeting took place.
Tho representatives of the company in
New York were communicated with by
wire. There was ample exchange of views
regarding future policy. No division of
sentiment was created. All the parties
in Interest acquiesced in the suggestion
that a course of gradual liquidation be
pursued. There aro no premonitions of
Internal strife. , Indications arc that the
affairs of the institution will be finally ad-
Justed and closed up without factional
quarrels or resort to hostile litigation.
All parties concerned agreed that it
would not be prudent or profitable to re
store the tavern at Castle Crag which
was recently destroyed by fire. The South
ern Pacific Company can do as it pleases
in regard to the building of a new hotel,
but the "P. I." Company is not going to
take on any further responsibilities in the
hotel line. •
CONVICTS ESCAPE FROM
THE TRANSPORT GRANT
NEW YORK, Dec. 5.— A World special
from Hongkong says: Eight - desperate
convicts who were being taken from Ma
nila to San Francisco escaped last rilght
from the United States army transport
Grant, which touched here to get the
body of Paymaster Barber and' convey it
home to America. The convicts were
destined to prisons in the United States.
They got loose somehow, snatched . life
belts and Jumped Into the sea. After
floating about for awhile they were picked
up by a steam launch and brought to this
city.
Among them was a soldier who had de
serted from the American army and had
joined the Insurgent Filipinos, but had
been captured. ?
Three of the party have been found and
taken back aboard the transport Grant
In irons.
FTJNSTON'S MEN ABE
FIGHTING INSURGENTS
MANILA, Dec. 5.— A dispatch has been
received from General Funston giving an
account of a two hours' fight In the
woods of Santo Domingo between an
American force and 300 rebels commanded
by Sadlco. The American force, consist-
Ing of thirty native scouts; commanded
by Lieutenant Jolnlgan, attacked . the
rebels, who retreated, 'leaving on the field
sixteen killed, Including the rebel leader
Aguilar and an American negro. It was
at first thought the latter was r a man
named Fagin, a deserter from the
Twenty-fourth Infantry, . but this turned
out to be a mistake. Not one of Joinl
gan's men was wounded.
NEW YORK,, Dec. 5.— A special to the
Journal from St. Petersburg says: The
Russian forces In Manchuria have discov
ered a hitherto unknown republic called
Chapigou, In the upper valley of the
river Sungary. It has existed nearly a
hundred years, and was first ruled by
three chosen elders, but now one chosen
man Is, its ruler. Chapigou has courts, a
system of taxes. Industries and an army,
all quite European. Its population Is 10,000.
In diplomatic circles hero. the agree
ment reached Is regarded as the result of
the keen diplomacy of Secretary Hay, and
he Is given the highest praise' for his
work. Other powers are expected to In
struct their representatives to sign the
agreement, which will then be handed to
the Chinese envoys. Negotiations regard-
Ing details will promptly follow. It will
be within the power of the allied nations
even after acceptance of the demands by
the Chinese to Insist upon t more severe
punishment than she administers In case
it should be found that she is not inflict
ing punishments as severe as ahe can
safely do.
DISCOVERY OF A REPUBLIC.
These demands were very unsatisfactory
to the Washington authorities. Fortunate
ly at this moment Japan indicated that
she favored moderation. Backed by
Japan, Russia and France, the President
and Secretary Hay seized the opportunity
to bring about an exchange of views
among the powers. Russia suggested that
the demand regarding punishment should
call for the severest punishment short of
death that China, could inflict; and with
a slight modification this was adopted.
Great Britain fell Into line and finally
Germany's assent was obtained.
Germany insisted from the outset of the
trouble that the execution of the Boxer
leaders would only salve her wounded
honor, and the Anglo-German agreement
caused Great Britain to support the same
view. As a result of the vindictlveness
cf Germany and of the Ministers who had
undergone the siege, terms were drafted
requiring the execution of the authors of
outrages and the payment of an indemnity
to great that It was plain it could never
be cpllected.
The terms as finally formulated still in
clude several features not entirely wel
come to the American Government, as,
for instance, demands for the razing of
the Taku forts. Interdiction of importa
tion of arms and the establishment of
permanent guards between Peking and
the sea. Yet the questions of punishment
and indemnity are really the vital ones.
As finally adopted by the Ministers, the
demands upon China are that she shall
impose the severest possible punishment
the Chinese Government can Inflict and
pay a reasonable indemnity to the powers
for the killing of their citizens, damage
to their property and expenses Incurred
in the dispatch of relief expeditions.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W. t WASHINGTON. Dec. 5.— American
diplomacy has averted prolonged strife
over China, and, barring accidents, has
insured the Integrity of the empire
through the adoption by the Ministers at
Peking yesterday of the amended de
mands as to punishment and Indemnity,
which it was known the Chinese Govern
ment would accept. Upon receipt of the
news of this satisfactory- conclusion of
the negotiations. Secretary Hay cabled
Minister Conger instructions to sign the
agreement. In the opinion of officials and
diplomats here, this result marks the
most Important step yet taken toward a
peaceful solution. The information which
reached here conveyed the idea that If
the powers had approved the original de
mands of the Ministers, contemplating the
execution of eleven officials and Princes
and an exorbitant indemnity. LI Hung
Chang and Prince Ching would immedi
ately have rejected them. In view of the
moderation In the amended demands, it
is. .known that they will be accepted by
not only the Chinese envoys, but also the
throne.
Bpeclal Dispatch to The Call.
Conger Promptly Instructed to Sign
the Agreement and Other Inter
ested Powers Are Expected to
Act Likewise.
SECRETARY HAY'S GOOD WORK
Ministers at Peking Adopt
Amended Demands on
the Empire.
It Averts Prolonged
Strife Regarding
China.
AMERICAN
DIPLOMACY
TRIUMPHS
Rev. Mr. Wohl was recognized as one
of the most forceful and eloquent * of
Presbyterian ministers of this State. Mr.
Stokes is an ex-Virginia university presi
dent and comes from one of the best fam
ilies of the Old Dominion.
Up to a late hour this evening Mr.
Stokes has refused to say anything con
ffrning the terrible tragedy, and Mrs.
Irvine is in too much of a state of exclie-
Diest to talk.
In the hall of the minister's home, fac
ir.s; the fearful duel to the death, fallen
across th» doorway, was found Mrs.
Lerloe. It was first thought ehe was
<>.id and probably had been shot, but an
investigation showed that 6he had only
fainted from fripht.
Stokes was picked up by friends at
tracted by the sound of the shooting and
taken to a doctor's office, where his
v.-ound was dressed. He was then sur
rendered to the officers and immediately
released on bail. He alleges self-defense.
Suddenly, with the exclamation "You
are a liar." Wohl, showing a derringer,
rushed upon Stokes, who backed slowly
sway. Wohl kept advancing and when
v ithln a few paces Cred, the bullet pierc
ing Stokes' side. He reeled and fell, but
as he did so he drew a revolver. At this
ir.Ftar.t Wohl again fired, and almost at
the same time Stokes returned the flre.
the bullet striking Wohl in the forehead,
causing instant death.
This afternoon Stokes, while talking to
a friend in front of the house in which
WoU lived, was ordered by him to leave.
Stokes refused to comply with the demand
and a fierce wordy dispute ensued, Wohl
etar.dlng on his porch and Stokes on the
gldewalk.
WILLIAMSON. W. Va_. Dec. 5.— As the
resuK of a cartoon used In connection
*ith a sermon on the evils of dancing
delivered two weeks ago Rev. John H.
Vk'ohl, pastor of the First Presbyterian
Church, was shot and killed to-day by S.
Pavls Stokes, member of an old Virginia
family and a well-known lawyer. In the
?¦ncounter Stokes was seriously wounded.
The sermon delivered by Rev. Mr. Wohl
caused much comment In society circles,
r pedal offense being taken against the
cartoon which depicted young people go
lr.g by slow gradations from the ballroom
to Infamy. Prior to this event Wohl and
Davis were close friends. A few days
after the sermon Stokes told Wohl were
It not for his ministerial garb he would
Five him a thorough thrashing. Wohl
replied that Stokes need not be deterred
on that account. Friends Interfered and
a. supposed reconciliation followed.
Special Dlsr>*teii to The Call.
Threats to Thrash the Sensational
Pulpit Orator Culminates in a
Contest in Which Both
Men Are Victims.
RESENTS SLURS ON DANCERS
S. Davis Stokes, Enraged
toy Use of a Cartoon,
Starts the Fight.
Fatal Affray Between
Pastor Wolil and
a Lawyer.
MINISTER
IS KILLED
IN A DUEL
Jn this suit L. F. Grover alleged that
none of the four directors whom he has
made defendants was a bona fide owner
of stock ln'the company. Grover declares
that these men had the stock simply In
their names, and I that it was the prop
erty of the defendant banks. .He declares
that all of the directors were simply crea
tures of the banks— dummies employed by
William T. Jeter to carry out the unfair,
unjust, 2 Iniquitous * schemes of the .banks
and to, ruin f Grover. & Co. and secure: its
property.
Says Directors Were Dummies.
Tho standing of the Bank of Santa Cruz
County and of the Santa Cruz Bank of
Savings and Loan, and the prominence of
the men who have been made defendants,
make the case one of exceptional interest.
Much testimony has been taken and the
very supplemental complaint* which was
presented to-day Is alleged to be based
upon testimony which is already said to
have been introduced into the case. Early
in the year I* F. Grover, a son of the"
principal owner of the corporation of
Grover & Co., instituted a suit against
both banks and the directors of the cor
poration of Grover & Co., which was one
of the most influential lumber firms in the
State. . -, .'. . ' ¦
Serious as are these allegations, they
are not all in the remarkable Indictment
which is now exciting the people of this
city. As president of the bank ex-Lleu
tenant Governor Jeter Is accused of hav
ing released ; indebtedness to the bank
amounting to $40,000 for 1100 shares ; of
worthless stock in an insolvent corpora
tion. He is charged with having com
pelled his legal partner,, H.E. Maklnney,
to become a director of Grover & Co. and
to accept fees from ; the Bank of Santa
Cruz County to prosecute a suit against
the alleged insolvent corporation. This
suit has dragged a reasonably long course
without exciting^ suspicion until to-day,
when the remarkable supplemental com
plaint was placed before the court and
the serious nature pf the charges became
known. « •. . V.'
tuted against the corporation of which
his partner was a director. Ex-Lleuten
ant Governor Jeter is charged, as presi
dent of the bank, with having, without or
der, authority or proper chock, compelled
Grover & Co. to pay the expenses of the
suits Instituted against themselves.
table attorneys here, yet in this, complaint
he is accused of having acted as the sub
servient tool of ex-Lieutenant Governor
Jeter;. of having permitted the funds of
which he was treasurer to be fraudulently
expended in, the interest of tho two de
fendant banks, and of having signed him
self as president of Grover. & Co. In order
to -carry out the alleged schemes of 'the
bank.* .
Having, thus attempted to establish an
Intimate connection between the defendant
banks and the various Individuals, whom
he accuses with Grover & Co., the plain
tiff makes a Beries of the most serious al
legations reflecting upon the Integrity and
the character of every man ) involved, j
Grover in his complaint declares that the
Bank of Santa Cruz County and the Santa .
Cruz Bank of Savings and Loan, through
the agency of William T. Jeter, forced
Grover & Co. to lease Its mills and its mill
sites to other people, the alleged • dummy
directors doing as Jeter commanded them.
Grover alleges that the banks forced the
directors of the company to pass whatever
resolutions these banks j commanded, and
through these resolutions to lease, sell,
transfer, mortgage and otherwise dispose
of the company's property for the sole
benefit of the banks, which by their al
leged bad . investments had - placed them
selves In Jeopardy. As a result of these
operations by tho alleged' dummy direct
ors, Grover aserts that the banks have
now In their possession 1400 acres of land
obtained fraudulently from the company; .
that through the dummy directors the
banks have received money, real and per
sonal property belonging to Grover & Co.,
arid- have deliberately and fraudulently
refused to credit It to the lumber firm.
Jeter Dominated Directors.
Grover charges'that at the direction of
these dummy directors, who were put Into
the corporation of Grover & Co. as direct
ors by Jeter, the books of the company ,
have been corruptly,' Improperly and dis
honestly kept in order that the fraudulent
transfer of property should not be discov
ered. .Not only this, but Grover claims
that William T. Jeter was present at the
meetings of the lumber; company and In
fluenced, directed and dominated the dum
my directors to ! suit j his .wishes.
In the supplemental' complaint, motion !
to file which was made to-day, to the court ¦
and granted , even more ¦¦'. serious ; allega
tions are made and are supported by the .
assertion that. the charges are based upon
testimony. .which} has, 'actually been pre
sented In. the. case. '* Grover declares that \
the officials of the Santa' Cruz' County^
Bank have deliberately taken money
which was on deposit by Grover & Co. in
the bank and paid It out without check,
order or authority to satisfy the cost of
attachment proceedings which the bank
levied upon the property of the company.
The plaintiff declares that ' the ' Santa
Cruz Bank of Savings and Loan began
foreclosure proceedings on the mortgage
and charged the costs of the same to
Grover & Co., He asserts that the Farm
ers' Union was Instigated by the bank of
ficials to attacn property' of the lumber
company, and then, through the acqui
escence of ex-Superior Judge J. H. Logan,
the cost of this suit, an altogether outside
affair, was charged to the. account of
Grover & Co. Not only this, but Grover
complains in his sworn document that the
bank paid for the service's of an attorney
for the lumber company, charged this ex
pense to Grover & Co. and knew that the
lumber firm had never employed the man
nor authorized, any payment to him.
Charge Against McKinney.
One of . the most remarkable allegations
In . this . supplemental complaint Is that
which Is made against H. E Maklnney,
the law partner of William T. Jeter.
After Grover & Co. had become Involved
Maklnney became one of the directors, but
the plaintiff in. these accounting proceed
ings charges that while Maklnney was a
director In the lumber corporation he be
came attorney for the Bank of Santa Cruz
County, of which William T. Jeter is
president, and went to Salinas and insti
tuted suit to foreclose certain property of
the corporation of which he was a di
rector.
Not only. this, but. Grover charges that
the Bank of Santa Cruz County paid the
traveling expenses of Makinney and vari
ous other costs of the" proceedings. At
various other times Grover declares that
the defendant banks had paid out sums
as high as $500 for many purposes In no
way connected with the affairs of. the lum
ber company and ' had charged them
against the account of Grover & Co., and
when this had been done ex-Judge Logan
as secretary and treasurer of the lumber
company had . accepted the receipts as
vouchers. Logan Is. also accused of hav
ing, signed checks , as president of the
lumber company when he. knew that he
did not occupy the position. ' f.
,- In outline, these are; the grave allega
tions which have given to Santa Cruz
County Its { most 'sensational suit. Vari
ous witnesses have been on the stand,
but the . sensation was not sprung until
to-day when- , the •supplemental ¦ com
plaint made 1U appearance in the easel
ONE OF THE BANKS AND SOME OF THE PEOPLE THAT FIGURE IN L. F.
GROVER'S SENSATIONAL SUIT ON FILE IN THE SANTA CRUZ COURT
HOUSE. .....v .-.
COLOGNE. Dec. 5.-Mr. Kruger walked
to-day In the rain from his hotel to tha
cathedral. He wa» cheered enthusiasti
cally by an assemblage of people who hi<l
long waited to se« him. He will depart at
10 a. m. to-morrow on a special train, con
necting with the Dutch express at Ze«
vonaar.
The War Office has received the follow
ing from Lord Kitchener, dated BIo«n
fonteln, December 5: "Generai Knox re
engaged Dewet near Bethulle. on th«
Smlthfleld road, yesterday. He drove tha
enemy from all their positions" befor*
dark, when they retreated northward.
Colonel Pitcher assisted by a turning
movement on Knox's- left." Lord Kitchen
er reports also several minor affairs.
At the War Office this dispatch is char
acterized as belated Information regard
ing events covered In the* official dH
patches from Lord Kitchener, dated
Bloemfonteln. November 30. although th>#
statement that the Boers were surrounde-1
is not supported officially.
LONDON. Dec. 5.— A London news
agency publishes a dispatch from Pre
toria saying that fighting haa been going
on for four days at Bronkhorstsprui:.
east of Pretoria: that Commanders V!l-
Joeh and Erasmus, with 23)0 Boers. ar»
now surrounded, and that eighty Boer*
have been killed.
Past Four Days East of
Pretoria.
Fierce Fighting in Progress for tha
Mr. and Mri. M. H. de Young, Mr. and
Mrs. Potter Palmer. Mrs. Daniel Man
ning, James Allison, Mr. anrt Mrs. Wil
liam L. Elklns. Mr. and Mrs. Ocden II.
Fethers. Peter. Jensen, Mr. and Mrs. Cal
vin Manning, Franklin Murphy, Mr. and
Mrs. Henry A. Parr.* Henry M. Putney.
Miss Putney. Mr. and Mrs. Alvln H. San
ders. Mr. and Mrs. Louis Stern, William
C. Thompson. Mr. and Mrs. William M.
Thornton. Mr. and Mrs. Arthur E. Valols,
Mr. and Mrs. Thomas F. Walsh. Senator
Allison, Senator and Mrs. Cullom, Senator
and Mrs. McMlllln, Senator Sewall, Sena
tor and Mrs. Thurston. Senator Depew.
Miss Pauldlngr. Miss Wilson. Mrs. Abner
McKlnley, Mrs. Dawcs. Miss McKenna
and Mrs. Rlxey.
BOER COMMANDS ARE
REPORTED STJRROTTNDED
OPENING FUNCTION
AT THE WHITE HOUSE
President. and Mrs. McKinley Give a
» . ... Dinner to tb? .Pari3 Com
. . missloners. "
WASHINGTON. Dec. 5. -The first for
ma! social, function of the season at th<>
White House occurred to-night, when th<?
President and Mrs. McKlnley gave a din
ner to the Commissioners of the United
States to the Paris Exposition and their
UkIIps. The table was sot In the state
dining room. wh!ch, with the east room
and the red. blue and preen parlors, had
betn appropriately decorated for the oc
casion. The Marine band furnished
music. The cuoRts and those invited to
meet them Inctudcd the following:
An attempt was made to-day to Inter
view the attorneys for the. plaintiff, but
they positively declined to talk In refer
ence to the matter, declaring: that the
record would iipeak for Itself. All of the
-defendants In the case have filed an an-'
ewer. In which specific denial Is made to
every allegation made by Grover, begin
ning with that one upon which he base*
all of h!3 charges, the alleged ownership
by the banks of 1100 share* of stock in
| the corporation of Grovev & Co.
The standing of the men who are accused,
and the character and integrity of the de
fendant banks, make it absolutely certain
that the contest will , be an exceptionally
bitter one.
The San Francisco Call.GEORGE VON L. MYER OF BOSTON.. WHOSE NOMINATION BY THE I
i PRESIDENT AS EMBASSADOR TO ITALY HAS BEEN SENT TO THE '
SENATE FOR CONFIRMATION. i
tion, but may decline on account of the
ill-health of his wife.
Senator John C Spooner is one of the
leading statesmen of the Wolverine State.
He is a veteran of the civil war and ha*
served in tho United States Senate at in
tervals since 1SS5.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 5.-Presi
<1ent McKinlev has offered the
portfolio of Attorney General
of the United States to Sena
tor Spooner of Wisconsin. Mr.
Spooner has the otter under considera-
SENATOR JOHN C. SPOONER OF WISCONSIN. WHO HAS BEEN OF
FERED THE PORTFOLIO OF ATTORNEY GENERAL OF THE
UNITED STATES TO SUCCEED MR. GR1GGS.
Cisco, $1,155,055; Stockton. J40.55O; light and
fog nignal station. Point Buchon. Cal..
$-10,000: fop signals. Quarrv Point. J«noO;
Fort Wintield Scott. J70OO; Humboldt Bay,
$15,000; Blunts. Reef light vessel. $20,030;
relief light vessel. Pacific Coast. $W.0"X);
tender for engine Twelfth lighthouse Dis
trict. J125.0OO; improving harbor San
Pedro, $150,000; San Diego, $23S,000: San
Luis Oblspo. $75,000; expenses California
debris commission. $15,000; Soldiers' Home.
Santa Monica. $312,000; quarantine station.
San Francisco. $10,701; continuation stone
wall." Presidio. $5000; expenses Indian
service California. $15,000; Improving Napa
River, $2000; Petaluma Creek. $3000; Sacra
mento and Feather rivers. $18,000.
Sum Congress Is Asked to Appropriate for
Coast Improvements.
Naval training station. California. $30.
000; Mare Island navy yard construction
plant, $100,000; steel lighter. $50,000; fire
beat. $25,000: machinery plant, $1SO,000;
deep water bastn, 1130,000; torpedo-boat
storage plant (to cost $250,000), $100,000;
shops, machinery and Improvements, $531.
6B0; completion public buildings. Los An
geles. $150,000; Oakland, $125,000; San Fran-
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, N.
W"., WASHINGTON', Dec. 5.— Estimates
of appropriations for the fiscal year end-
Ing June 30, 1902. submitted to Congress
to-day, include the following items:
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ESTIMATES FOR THE
COMING FISCAL YEAR
WASHINGTON. Dec. 5.— It was
quite generally expected that
the nomination of George von
\u Mycr of Massachusetts to
be Embassador to Italy would
be sent to the Senate to-day, but for some
reason it did not go in, though it Is still
expected he will receive the nomination
very soon.
Mr. Myer is a prosperous business man
of Boston, a man of family and about 43
years of age. He is a graduate of Harvard
and was a member of the bar. He has
been a prominent figure In oolitical life,
having been a member of the Republican
State Committee,, a member of the State
legislature and finally Speaker of the
Massachusetts House of Representatives.
He is a man of lnrse private fortune, so
that he will be able to maintain fittingly
tne high social status of the American
embassy at Rome.
Hepburn Off rs Amendment
but Housv Adjourns With
out Acting Upon Ii.
WASHIXfiTON. Dec. 5.— The House de-
VOted the day to the army reorganizati > i
bill, thought- up under a !-pi?c!al order
J'dcpteti at the opening of the twssic;..
which limited general debate to two hous j
cn a hide. General Miles and a nunibe.
of army officers were interested ipiccfatOlJ
throughout the day. <;halrman Hull ami
Parker or New Jersey of the Militar.
•.oir.mittee. Kepublicar.a. -lupported i!..
bill, and tochran of .Missouri. Kieburg c'
Texas. Mct'leilan of New York and Cox
cf Ternessee, Democrats, spoke briefly
aga'nst It.
McCall of Massachusetts tR.) then
arou«ed the only enthusiasm of the day
BffaiBSt the measure. Several tlm-jd «»iu-
Ing the last s-esslon. notably on the Pprtu
Kiean tariff bill, he refused to folluw h.i
party. To-day he attacked the nn«.'
ftnijpplne policy of the administration.
Although temperate In language lie waj
plain spoken in his warnings of the dan
gers wnieh he considered tay ahead Of
the Government if a colonial policy »ai
persisted in. ite also criticised teennica.
ly several ientures of tne oui, esyeciany
mat iouging in tne President the aisci>
tion to expand or to rertuce me size o£ tft±
army at \tiii. In conclusion he likened tn
unconqueraole t>piru wnith opposed our
sway in the i'hinppines to thai of Wasn
mgton at Valley rorge.
J^ove of inuependence, he said, was tho
"noblest heritage cf the human h*an."
He aec»ared thai the t.'nltea State3 snouid
immediately give the Finptno people hon
orable a&surance that they ahoula have m
government ot their own. In replying hi
>lr. Me*, an. Mr. Hull declared tnat until
Congress acted to tne contrary we must
assert and enforce our sovereignty ov«r
the Philippines or disgrace ourselves De
fore the world. And it was tne duty of
Congress to proviae an army adequate
to put down tne rebellion.
Eleven of the twenty-six pages of the
bill were disposed of before the adjourn
ment. To-morrow the Grout oleomargar
ine bill, under a special order made at trte
last, session, win displace the army bill,
which will go over until Friday.
When tne House met, the Speaker an
nounced that he had a communication
from the family of Boutelle of Maine re
sljrninK his position as chairman of thf»
Committee on Naval Affairs. £mizell r.t
Pennsylvania, from the Committee 0:1
Rules, then presented a special order for
the Immediate consideration of the army
bill, the rule not to Interfere with other
special orders.
Dalzell said that legislation of somt?
character was imperative, as it would
take time to recruit and organize the new
army which must replace the old one on
July I, lOul.
Richara?on said that his side of trf
house recognized the "necessity for som<»
legislation, but did not agree that this
bill, establishing a permanent standing
army, should become a law. If an emer
gency exists, an emergency should be pro
vided for. It was proposed to provide an
army which could be expanded at the will
of one man from 58,(k.^ to loO.Om). No mat
ter how good or able that man might be
he was not willing to see one man giver.
such power. It was In his opinion abdi
cating the functions of Congress.
Richardson aald he was ready at nil
times to vote to put down rebellion any
where and everywhere that It existed, bin
under the stress of an emergency he was
not willing to estahllsh permanently a
large stanaing army.
Underwood of Alabama, also invelsrheil
against clothing the President with dis
cretionary power to expand or contract
the army at will. . %^'fr
Grosvenor of Ohio. In support of th»
bill, said that personally he was in fawr
of a stanaingr army of 100.000 men. Th«»
people, he said, were not frijrhtened wh»p
a demagogue ?aid that the purpose in in
creasing tne army was to station larsr-*
regiments near large cities tn oppress
labor. They were not alarmed by the
cries that their liberty was to be sub
verted.
At the close of the general debate th»
bill was read for amendment under th*
five-minute rule. The paragraphs • a 1
thortstng the Secretary of War to pre
scribe regulations as to fitness *>f volun
teers or civilians appointed ro the regulor
army under the terms of the bill were
stricken out. •;¦
Hepburn offered the follow-In* amen<1
1 ment: - ; .... •: ;,.-;
"Provided, that any vacancy In thf
quartermaster's department may be fiUM
bv appointment from civil life."
Hull defended the quartermaster's de
partment, saying that when the war broK
out the quartermaster's department n-a*
Inadequate to the task, as a result of tlM
refusal. of Congress to do Its duty year*
ap"»
Without action uoon thV amendment th«
House, at 5:10 p. m.. adjourned.
Is the Only Man
Who Arouses the
Opposition.
Hull and Parker Able
Supporters of the
Measure.
McCALL MAKES
BITTER ATTACK
ON ARMY BILL
GEORGE VON L. MYER
EMBASSADOR TO ITALY
BUSY DAY IN SENATE AND HOUSE
IMPRISONED MINERS
FIGHT FOR LIFE
Thirty Succeed in Digging Their
Way Out of a Pennsylvania
Pit.
SCRANTOX. Pa., Dec. 6.— Imprisoned
1000 feet in a coal mine at Dunmulr, near
here, thirty men had a desperate battle
for life to-day as the result of a mine
C 5 v . e "', n w and .. only succeeded in gaining
their liberty by digging their way out
The cavern was at the mine of the
Nay-Aug Coal Company. Five acres of
surface fell Into the mine and completely
blocked the exit. A rescuing party was
formed, but the imprisoned men cut their
way out through the fall In the main
gangway before the rescuing party
reached them. None of the men were in
jured, v
?
Engine on the Grand Trunk LIns
FIVE SECTION HANDS
INSTANTLY KILLED
Crashes Into a Handcar in
Ontario.
INGLEWOOD JUNCTION. Ontario.
Dec. 5.— An engine on the Grand Trunk
road near here early to-day crashed into
a handcar on which were five "section
men going to work. All five were killed
instantly. The dead:
JOHN ALLEN, foreman.
OLIVER ELLIS.
NEII. McARTHUR.
ARTHUR FRAME.
Sale of Blooded Stock.
JOHN TEETZB.
All the men lived in Cheltenham.
The- driver and stoker of the engine es
caped unhurt. ' ''f¥T7i*CTnff
NEW YORK. Dec. 5.-The Fasig-TJpton
Company to-day closed the most success
ful auction sale of, trotting and pacing
horses in • Its hlstcfry. The- proceeds of
the- sale, wei». $352,180 for 702 horses', an
average of about $500 a head. This is $73
a head better than last year, which up to
that time had been the best, and $i«5
apiece better than 1S97 and 1S98. The re
ceipts of to-day's sales were $8615 .for
thirty-eight horses. •
Escapss From Livestock
Exposition Grounds
at Chicago.
' CHICAGO. Dec. 5.— A maddened bull
that had escaped from his keepers at the
international Livestock Exposition while
being driven from the judges'' ring to-day,
caused a panic among several thousand
spectators who were witnessing. a heavy
team exhibition on Dexter avenue, Just
west of the pavilion.
When the animal gained his freedom he
lowered his head and made straight for
the crowd. Shouts from a score of men
warned those in peril, but in the wild
scramble for safety three men and a lit
tle girl were unable to get out of the way
and were thrown to the ground by the In
furiated beast. None were seriously in
jured, however, and the boll was cap
tured by cowboys before he could do any
further damage.
The attendance to-night was enormous)
and It is estimated that during the day
between 50,000 and 60,000 persons passed
through the gates. •
MADDENED BULL
CAUSES A PANIC
Life Lost in a Fire.
EVANSVILLE. Ind.. Dec. 5.-One life
was lost and several persons were Injured
in a '"Ore that early to-day destroyed the
large structural iron works of George L.
Meeker & Co. and Loewenthal's commis
sion house. The total loss will reach
about $110,000. It is believed the fire orig
inated in the molding department of the
iron works. The blaze quickly spread. to
all parts of the. plant, and fanned by a
stiff wind, communicated to the commis
sion houKe. A. number of firemen wero
caught by a falling • brick wall, killing
Gottleib Surbeck, and injuring five others.
AH the injured will recover.
Japanese Stabbing Affray.
NAXAIMO, B.C.iDec. 5.— Wagasawa,
one of forty . quarantined Japanese In , a
Fraser-Btreet boardinK-house, attacked
Mckasa, another Japanese, during a quar
rfcl a J. f l nl *ht anfl Btabbed him twice with
* < V rk i.. N| ckasa may die. Wagasawa
made his escape and has not been cap-
2TEW BIULS IN THE SENATE.
Warren Desires That ex-Soldiers Be
Admitted to Hospitals.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 6.— Among the
Mils introduced In the Senate to-day were
the following:
3y Senator Pritchard: The bills pre
pared by the commission appointed by the
President providing revisions of the pat
ent anfl trademark laws.
r-y Senator Hale: To revive the grade
of vice admiral in the navy.
By Benator Thurston; Creating an ad
ditional Judicial circuit to be designated
ats the Tenth and to include the States of
Kansas, Nebraska, Colorado. Wyoming.
Utah and Montana, end creating a court
of appeals for the circuit.
Bv Senator Warren: Permitting the free
ndmlssion of honorably discharged sol
diers and Bailors into any hospital of the
United States for medical or surgical
treatment.
CONTROL OF LIQUOR TRAFFIC.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 5.— The Senate
Committee on Foreign Relations to-day
granted, a hearing to the representatives
of several temperance and reform asso
ciations In support of the treaty providing
for the control of the liquor traffic In Af
rica. Among those present were Bishop
Hartzell, bishop of the Methodist Episco
pal Church for Africa; Mrs. Stevens, pres
ident of the W. C. T. U.; and also repre
sentatives of the Anti-Saloon League, the
National Temperance Society and a com
mittee of the Presbyterian church.
Bishop Hartzell." made the principal, ad
dress and he strongly urged the import
ance of the ratification of the treaty v at
as early, a day as possible, saying that It
was necessary to the welfare of the black
race In Its native continent:, u — ; ; . ¦-• ¦
Members of the committee assured'. the
Bishop of their indorsement of the prin
ciple Involved, and Informed him that the
failure of the Senate to consider it has
been' entirely, due to the pressure of other
¦business. ; A number of .petitions were
presented^ urging the treaty: should ' not
only be ratified but that the principle In
volved should be applied to' other uncivil
ized portions of the world. -
After, the delegation. withdrew the com
mittee voted to report a*, resolution for
thei ratification- of -the- treaty without
amendment.
ST. LOUIS. Dec 5.— A special to the
Post Dispatch from Desoto, Mo., says:
Last night two men, supposed; to be
tramps, asked permission to sleep in the
boiler-room of C. V.' Segar's sawmill at
Blackwell. Mo. One was about 50 years
of age and the other about 20. Early this
morning the young man was found dead
on the railroad track with his skull
crushed In and. part of. his clothing miss
ing. It wag evident that he had been
murdered in the sawmill and dragged to
the railroad track and laid across the
rails. -. . .
A posse, of citizens started in search of
his companion, who was caught about
live. miles out and,' brought back to thd
scene of the murder. When accused* t5r
tne murder, the old man drew a knife and
stabbed himself In the heart, death re
eulting instantly.
Mysterious* Murder in a
Sawmill at Blackwell,
Missouri.
TRAMP KILLS
HIS COMPANION
NEW YORK. Dec 6.— The Evening Post
Bays to-day: According to a- report that
reached WalJ street to-day Vicker's Sons
& Maxim, Limited, of England, have in
stituted negotiations for the purchase of
l Jl*, 16 Steel Work s and the Cramps
Shipbuilding: Company of Philadelphia. It
is believed to be the purpose of the Eng
lish company to secure a share of the
United States Government contracts for
warships, armor plate and ordnance. The
report ha3 It that $7,500,000 has already
been offered for the Mldvale Company and
that the Cramps purchase will probably
be partly effected by issuing stock of the
new corporation to be formed when the
deal has been completed. *."¦• " c
It js said that final arrangements for
the deal are to be^attempted next week
in this city, when Charles H. ¦Cramp will
come here to meet a New York banker
who will represent the English company
Regarding, the efforts made to secure
the Cramps 'shipyard, one man who la
well informed In steel matters, said*
"More than a year ago John Cros'sley,
manager of Vicker's Sons & Maxim, came
to America to purchase ;tho Cramps ship
yard. At that time it was understood that
the negotiations fell through. Beginning
these negotiations a second time means
probably that a purchase will be made.
Vicker s Sons and Maxim are the giants of
the business— the Krupps" of : England—
and have unlimited capital. They. can
afford to buy Cramps and the Mldvale
outright If theycaretto. but more likely
It is to be a stock purchase. • . That the
English concern will complete the pur
chase I do not : doubt."
Henry Seligman, of the-drm of J. and W
Seligman & Cd. and. a director In tho
Cramps Shipyard Company, said no salo
of the property has been made, but he
added : "There ; is r something : in the air
That is all I have to' say. at thta time."
English Company Negotiat
ing forExtensivePlants
in America.
MAY PURCHASE
CRAMPS' YARDS
EL DORADO. Kans., Dec. 5.— Je^i-i
Morrison, charged with murder in the
first' degree, to-day tori the first time
since her trial . began, two weeks ago,
gave vent to her feelings of an
guish and sobbed in court. It was the
first sign of emotion that the defendant,
had displayed. It came when Judge Red
den, one of her attorneys,- pleading that
the statement of Mrs. Castle should not
be admitted as evidence, j declared the
words of accusation a gainst prisoner
were "the concoction of, men who sought
only to convict an Innocent girl."
Later Judge Shlnn ruled that Mrs. Cas
tle's statement could be placed before the
jury as evidence, but sustained the ob
jections of the defense to certain sen
tences there, among them the words, "by
my God It Is true," the only part of the
statement that the dying: woman wrote
herself. However, Judge Shlnn decided
that the .jury should hear "the evidence
given yesterday as to the manner in which
the statement was made. . It was, he said,
alone In the- province of the court to de
cide the mental condition of the declar
ant; the Jury should decide whether It
was Mrs. Castle's . own statement or
whether It might. have been influenced by
others.
This made It, necessary to have the tes
timony given yesterday repeated and tha
Jury was called In. Miss Morrison ap
peared more cheerful at the afternoon
session, but watched the proceeding* with
evident Impatience. The case now Is not
likely to go to the jury before the firs:
of next week because of this delay.
When the trial was lesumed to-day Mrs.
Castle's deathbed statement of accusa
tion against' Jessie Morrison was admitted
as evidence in the case. The statement
which declares that Miss Morrison pro
voked the quarrel with the bride and the:i
began an attack that . cost Mrs. Castle
her life is considered the strongest evi
dence presented by the State. The point
of Its admission, had been argued Bince
vesterday morning and during that time
the jury had been excused. *
In the final argument of Judge Redden,
one of the prisoner's attorneys, against
the admission of the statement he said
that Captain -Waters of. the State had de
picted the horror of the wounding of vhe
bride had painted the scene of sorrow at
the deathbed, "and now," sold the at
torney, "I understand the'purpose of th's
thin*. -¦ It was' an attack upon this de
fendant here to Intimidate her and cow
her and, If possible.- to break her down
and then point to it when' this case goea
before the Jury as evidence of her guilt;
or. If she could brace -herself against it
and by her will power not break down,
they would point to that as evidence of a
guilty conscience."
As Judge Redden talked he looked at
the i prisoner, whose ¦ eyes were wet : with
tears. She gulped down a nob and hid
her 1 eyes -.with her. handkerchief. Miss
Morrison has steadfastly maintained com
plete control of herself as she sat through
the tedious examination of the State's
witnesses and this was her first Bfcow of
a breakdown. .';.,-, .
Judge Redden. continued. at, length. He
charged .that the dying declaration made
by :Mrs. Castle, was a concoction; of men
who sought to convict :an -innocent girl.
She was a . frail girl against ; whom vin
dictive; men had. conspired. .• . :. *,
Woman Accused of Castle
Murder Finally Breaks
Down.
MISS MORRISON
SOBS IN COURT
The sections of the war revenue act tax-
Ing commercial brokers, custom-house
brokers, circuses, theaters and other exhi
bitions are stricken out.
The rate on cigars is made $3 instead of
$3 60 per 1000 weighing more than three
pounds pe* 1000. '
Schedule 1 A retains the- stamp tax on
corporate stock, bonds, etc., sales, etc., at
exchanges or boards of trade, freight re
ceipts, certificates of profits, entry of
goods at the custom-house and entry for
withdrawal of goods from customs bonded
warehouses. 'With these exceptions the
WASHINGTON. Dee. 5.— CKairman
Payne of the Ways and Means Commit
tee to-day introduced a bill reducing the
taxation under the war revenue act, after
the Republican members of the committee
had agreed on the form of the measure
and the articles to receive the reduction
of tax. It is intended to have ihe full
committee act on the bill to-morrow and
to put it through the House before Christ
mas. The bill provides an aggregate re
duction estimated at <40.OO0.34S. The esti
mated reductlonn in detail as given out
bv Mr. Payne are as follows: !
"Beers. J9.S32.712; cigars. J3.1S9.764; special
taxes (section two) commercial brokers,
J13S.2S1: custom-house brokers, $8167; cir
cuses $11,744: theaters. $47,175; exhibitions
not otherwise provided, $S4,21S; total spe
cial tax. J2S7.5S3.
• Schedule A— Bank checks, f7.000.000; cer
tificates of deposit, $200,000: drafts inland.
$500,000; promissory notes. $3,500,000: postal
orders. $4»rt2.Oi»; foreign hills of exchange.
$100,000:- export bills of lading, $100,000; ex
press receipts. $1200; telephone messages,
$315,000: bonds of indemnity. $2TiO.O00; cer
tificates other than profits. $200,000: char
ter party. $100,000; broker contracts. $100.
000; conveyances. $3,000,000; telegraph dis
patches $800,000; insurance. $3,000,003,
leases. $200,000: mortgages, $300,000; passage
tickets. $200,000; power of attorney. $100,000;
protests J25.00J: warehouse receipts, 1-50,
000. Total schedule A. $22,242,000.
Schedule B— S4.54S.2S3. less wines $500. OW.
S3.94S.2S3; legacies, charitable, etc., $500,000.
Grand total. $40,000,348.
The bill provides a discount of 20 per
tent on the tax of 2 cents per barrel on
beer in lieu of the present 7 1-3 cents re
duction, making the new rate $1 60 per
barrel.
stamp taxes under schedule A are struck
out. Chairman Payne's statement gives
in detail the stamp taxes omitted under
schedule A.
Schedule B. which required stamps on
proprietary medicines and preparations,
perfumery and cosmetics, chewing gum,
etc.. Is amended so that sparkling or
other wines are the other products re
quiring 1 stamps.
Section 2!) of the war revenue act, re
.lating to taxes on legacies, is amended
by adding at the end of said section the
following:
"Provided, that nothing in this section
shall be construed to apply to bequests or
legacies for uses of a religious, literary,
charitable or educational character, In
cluding works of art."
Section 30 of the act is amended as to
administrative features and sections 10.
11, 18, 13 and 20 are repealed, as they re
late to administrative features no longer
necessary.
Section 35 of the act is amended to read
as follows: - .
"Section 85 — That for the purpose of
this act the words 'mixed flour' shall be
taken and - construed to mean the food
product resulting from the. grinding or
mixing together of wheat or wheat
flour, as the principal constituent, with
any other grain, or the product of any
other grain, or other material, except
such material not the product of any
grain, as Is commonly used for baking
purposes: provided. that when the
product resulting from the grinding- or
mixing together of wheat or wheat flour
with any other grain or the product of
any other grain of which wheat or wheat
flour is not the prlnicpal constituent, as
specified In the foregoing definition. Is
intended for sale, or is sold, or offered
for Bale as wheat flour, such product
shall he held to be mixed flour within the
meaning of this act.'* -
The bill provides for redeeming revenue
stamps heretofore Issued and not used.
The concluding section provides that
the act shall take effect thirty days after
Its passage.
j Chairman Payne has called a meeting
of the Ways and Means Committee for
to-morrow morning, when he expects to
have the bill reported to the House. He
will then seek to have the bill considered
after the army, oleomargarine and legis
lative .bills are disposed of. with a view
to securing action before the holidays.
PROPOSED REDUCTIONS
IN THE WAR TAXES
Payne Introduces a Bill Providing for
Changes in Revenue Laws.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 5.— Senator Frye
fit to-day's session of the Senate con
cluded his speech upon the ship subsidy
bill. He devoted his attention principally
to a technical explanation of various pro
visions of the measure, explaining that
provision which would admit to American
racist ration for*isn built ships. From sev
eral sources his attention was directed to
this provision, and It is evidently one on
which much of the forthcoming debate
will rest.
Aside from rhe speech of Mr. Frye no
business of importance was transacted in
executive session.
When the session opened the credentials
of Samuel P. McEnery and Murphy J.
Foster a« Senators from Louisiana and
George P. Wetmore from Rhode Island
were received.
Bills were passed admitting Captain B.
H. McCalla and Commander "\V. C. Wise
of the I'nited States navy to accept deco
rations from the Emperor of Germany.
The resolution introduced yesterday by
Mr. Pettigrew calling for information as
to the postal frauds in Cuba was referred
to the Committee on Relations with Cuba.
At 1:3 the Senate, on motion of Lodge,
went into executive session, remaining be
hind clnstd doors until 2 o'clock.
The House bill for the celebration of the
establishment of the seat of the National
Government in the city of Washington
was passed without discussion.
Consideration of the ship subsidy bill
was then resumed. Frye concluding his
F^f-ech begun yesterday. Frye said the
amount of subsidy could be no more than
19,000,000 per year. That limit, he said,
was fixed definitely in the bill.
"So far as the <-ost to the Government
is concerned." he added, "it will be really
no more than $7,500,000, as the subsidized
ships are required to carry the United
States mails free of cost to the Govern
ment."
There was absolutely no truth, accord
ing to Senator Frye. in the remarkable
FUtemcnt that $30,000,000 and $50,000,000 and
even as high as*$l'iO.O.M),©00 a year would be
the cost. The limit of $3,000,000 in the sub
tidy would not be reached for at least five
years-, be within that period there would
not be enough vessels to draw the full
fi mount of the subsidy. When the limit
of $9.<«0.O'W is reached the subsidy would
be pro-tatod. sa that all vessels would be
on precisely the same plane and would re
ceive perfectly impartial treatment.
Referring to a provision of the pending
bill requiring ail s=hips to take freight up
to a certain percentage of their carrying
capacity. Frye said It would prevent ves
k Is like the American liner St. Louis from
larticipatir.g in the benefits of the act.
He announced therefore that to-morrow
he would propose to the Committee on
Commerce an amendment providing for
equal to 30 per cent of the carrying ca
pacity when leaving a port of the United
Stain for a foreign port. That would so
•iistribute thf> products to be carried as to
do no injustice to anybody. ,
DlFcuFsjng the provision of the bi'.I
tvhkh enables foreign built ships to be
brought undei the American flag and to
enjoy a portion of the proposed subsidy
under ceiiain restrictions. Mr. Frye said
li had beeu asserted that 500,000 tons of
foreign voxels would come in at once
under the provision as it now stands. He
said It was his purpose to offer a substi
tute for the present provision so that it
could be determined definitely Just how
many foreign vessels would be admitted
to American registry.
Haie interrupted his colleague to direct
his attention to a memorial of shipbuild
ers which he had received. He said he
was in sympathy with the general provi
sions of the bill, but admitted that he was
troubled by that provision which enables
foreign built vessels to be brought under
the American flag to enjoy the proposed
subsidy. He had received, he added, a
strong protest against this provision of
the measure signed by forty or fifty ship
builders, in the course of w'hich the* state
ment was made that already parties are
* iiKa«red In forelpn ship yards in the con
struction of vessels which were to partici
pate in the proposed subsidy.
"It is said." remarked Hale, "that the
bounty for foreign-built ships will amount
to more than ViJW.rw) a year. I do not
think my colleague would "look with favor
upon any such proposition as that." "?
Krye said there was only one trouble
with the statement made In the protest
and that was that it was not true.
. ."JLnder the provisions of the pending
run. said he, "owners of foreign-built
Fhips cannot draw a cent of bounty until
they construct in the shipyards of this
country en amount of tonnage equal to
that which they have brought from
abroad.
He believed a provision for the admis
sion of foreign-built ships under proper
reFtrictions wag wise, because it would
insure to the United States a respectable
fWt nf merchant vessels within a reason
able time.
The puree** of the venture by which the
New York and Paris had been admitted to
repif^ry had Induced him to insert in the
pending measure the provision for the ad
mission of a certain llxed number of for-
Hgn-built vessels to American registry
under similar restrictions. He did not be
lieve that another ship would be admitted
to American registry except those specifi
cally provided for in tho pending measure.
In conclusion Frye referred to what h-«
termed "the wild and insane criticisms"'
of the measure, criticism* which he said
were based upon no fair or accurate
knowledge of tht> provisions of the bill
On motion of Plan of Connecticut the
S*-nat»s at 3:45 p. m., held a brief execu
tive session and then adjourned
House Bill Providing for
Celebration at Washing
ton Passes Senate.
Says Many of the
Criticisms Are
Unjust.
Estimates as to the Ul
timate Cost to the
Government. •
SENATOR FRYE
EXPLAINS THE
SUBSIDY BILL
WASHINGTON, Dec. 5.— The . Hay-
Pauncefote treaty concerning the Nicara
guan canal was the subject of , a few
minutes' consideration to-day by the Seri
ate Committee' on Foreign Relations,
which has charge of the treaty in the
Senate. The treaty already has been re
ported by the committee and it was there
fore only taken up' in an informal way
and for discussion only. No conclusion
was possible except to decide to press the
question in the Senate and there was sub
stantial agreement upon the . wisdom of
this policy.' There- is no. division In thi
committee except upon amendments, al
though benator Bacon oid not Vnanifest
any great concern tor the passage of the
treaty in any snape. No voie on any sub
ject connected with me treaty was pos
sible in the committee, but tne discussion
revealed tne fact that the committee is
evenly divided upon the question of th-3
amendment of me document in accord
ance with the provision reported during
tne last, session of Congress, providing for.
the tortincation of tne proposed canal.
The committee stands: for the amend
ment—Lodge and Clark, Republicans;
Daniel. Bacon and Money, Democrats.
Against it— Frye, Cullom, Foraicer and
Wolcott, Republicans; Morgan, Democrat.
During the executive session tne Senate
also discussed the treaty.
Senator Lodge was subjected to many
questions during the presentation of his
explanation of the treaty.
benator Beveridge asked whether it was
not true that the abrogation of the Clay
ton-Bulwer treaty, as provided for in the
pending treaty, would have the effect of
permitting Great Britain to acquire prop
erty in the area affected.
Senator Lodge replied in the negative,
saying that it was well known to all that
tire liay-Pauncefote treaty, while abro
gating the Ciayton-Bulwer treaty so far
as it applies to the United States and
binds tnis country, still leaves England
bound by its terms. For this reason he
was sure there need be no apprehension
on that score.
Senator Lodge discussed the amendment
during the last session of Congress by the
Committee on Fof^lgn • Relations, provid
ing that none of tl»5 provisions of the first
live sections of th«Jvreaty should be con
strued, as applying* to "measures whifch
the, United States may find it necessary
for securing by its own forces the defense
of the United States and the maintenance
of public order."
The Senator urged that this amendment
had the effect of giving greater assurance
to our own people and was a necessary
safeguard.
At this point Lindsay of Kerttucky in
terjected a question and in doing so made
a statement as to what he said he con
sidered a popular misapprehension as to
the effect of the amendment.
"I find," he said, "that most people ap
pear to think that this amendment pro
vides for the fortification of the canal,
whereas' it does nothing of the kind, as
a reading of It will demonstrate."
He quoted from the amendment, show
ing that it applied specifically to only sec
tions 1, 2. 3, 4 and 5 of article tw-o of the
treaty. He claimed that it only provides
In the most general way fof the protec
tion of the rights of the United States.
He called attention to the faot that while
the treaty of Constantinople applying to
the Suez canal had been used as the
basis of the -pending treaty only the first
seven articles had been incorporated in
the Hay-Pauncefote agreement, leaving
out article 10 of that agreement, which
gives to the Sultan of Egypt the right
to defend the interests of that country in
connection with the Suez canal.
Replying. Lodge had hot contended and
did not contend that the amendment con
ferred specifically the power to fortify
the canal'. The great benefit of the
amendment was found, he said, in the
fact that it applied to the first section
copied from the Constantinople agreement
providing that the canal "shall be free
and open In time of war as In time of
peace to the vessels of commerce and of
war of all nationB."
The amendment, he further said. Was
substantially in the language of article
10 of the Constantinople treaty and there
fore might be expected to serve the same
purposes intepded to b,e subserved "by that
article with reference to the Suez canal.
In conclusion. he urged early action on
the treaty as of great Importance, because
of the general desire to go on with, the
Nicaragua canal legislation.- He did not,
however, indicate nny time for taking a
vote upon either the 'treaty or' the com
mittee amendment. • ; '
Money of Mississippi made a brief
speech In general opposition to the treaty,
but indicating that he might vote for it
if the amendment was retained, though
not satisfied, he said, that the amendment
•would make the document entirely satis
factory. Upon the whole he thought -the
United States would best promote Its own.
Interest by. proceeding to construct the
canal without asking the aid or consent
of any other country.
During the executive session in which
the Hay-Pauncefote treaty was under
consideration several comparatively un
important treaties with other countries,
largely South American, were laid before
the Senate and referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations. Some of these were
reciprocity treaties and others extradition
agreements. One of them was a'recip
rocity agreement with Ecuador and an
other a treaty with* Denmark providing
for reciprocity with the Island of Santa
Cruz.
"Later In the day -a second executive ses
sion waB held, but' no. business was trans
acted beyond the reference of several
nominations to the proper committees.
Lodge Explains Doubtful
Points in Answer to :
Interrogations.
Decides to Press the
Matter in the
foen&ie.
COMMITTEE
DISCUSSES THE
CANAL TREATY
•
Equal Division on
the Question of
Amendment.
PRESIDENT OFFERS
PORTFOLIO TO SPOONER
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, ; THURSDAY, DECEMBER! 6, 1000.
2
KNOWS NO DISTINCTION.
Rich and Poor Alike Suffer From
Catarrh in This Climate.
All observant physicians have notlcei
the endtmou* increase In catarrhal dis-
eases In recent vears. and the most liberal
and enlightened have cheerfully given
their approval to the new Internal rem-
edy, Stuart's Catarrh Tablets, as the mint
successful and by far the safest remedy
for catarrh yet produced.
One well-known catarrh upeclallst. a*
toon as he had made a thorough test of
this preparation. discarded" inhalers,
washes and sprays and now depends en-
tirely upon Stuart's Catarrh Tableta la
treating catarrh, whether In the hea i.
throat or stomach.
Dr. Rlsdell says: "In patient* who hiM
lost the sense of smell entirely, and even
where the hearing has begun to be af-
fected from catarrh. I have had fine re-
sults after only a few weeks' use of Stu-
art's Catarrh Tablets. I can only explain
their action on the theory that the cleans-
Ing and antiseptic properties of the tableta
destroy the catarrhal germs wherever
found, because I have found the tablet*
equally valuable In catarrh of the throat
and stomach as In nasal catarrh."
Dr. Estabrook says Stuart's Catarrh
Tablets are especially useful In nasal ca-
tarrh and catarrh of the throat, clearing
the membrane* of mucus and speedily
overcoming the hawking, coughing ar.U
expectoratlnp.
Any sufferer- from catarrh will find Stu-
art's Catarrh Tablets will ?lve Immediate
relief, and being In tablet form and pleas,
ant to the taste are convenient and al-
ways* ready for use." as they can be car-
ried In the pocket and used at any time,
as they contain no poisonous drugs, btiH
only the cleansing antiseptic properties' of*
eucalyptus baric, xuatacol. blood root and
hydrastln. , * -
All druKjtlsts sell the tablets at 50 cents
i for complete treatment.
¦
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The Inexperienced- maid -wants to be a
man's first love,*, but. the.- wise widow pre-
fers to be his last.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
TaJce t«»x«.tJv« Bremo Quinine T»bleU. All
tfrurti.U refund the money If It fall, to cui*.
t vf. Orov«'i «!p»turt la oa each box. So. •MRS. JOHN S. TAYLOR. THE SANTA ROSA BANKER'S WIFE. AND
PROFESSOR D. E.. MARTIN, FOR HORSEWHIPPING WHOM SHE
WAS ARRAIGNED IN COURT YESTERDAY.
Stanford Class Dance.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Dec. 5.—
The f.rst class dance of the college year
will be given by the freshman class next
Friday evening in the Encina Club rooms.
President Roehr has appointed the fol
lowing commitee. which has charge of
the arrangements, for the affair: Misses
Park and Waldo. C. R. Blodgett. G. W.
Berr.hard. F. A. Ford, S. T. Montgomery,
choirman.
Prosecution Closes Its Case.
SAN JOSE. Dec. 5. — The prosecution
clnsod its ca*:e In the Bergerow murder
trial this afternoon with the Witnesses
Ralph Peters and Rritt Gruell. For the
defense John Maloney. John Duncan.
Thomas Stone ajid Leo Maloney described
the fvent!» of the double murder as de
tailed at the previous two trials.
"Weekly Mails to Nome.
SEATTLE, Dec 5. — Beginning next
urek thrri? will be weekly malls to Nome.
Arrangements have been made with the
Alafka Trading and Transportation Com
pany to carry malls overland each week.
The" mall will be taken to* Skaguay and
Then by dog teams over the ice to Anvil
City and Nome.
Hard Coal Found in Arizona.
PHOENIX, Dec. 5. — A report received
to-day from Fossil Creek, about sixty
miles northeast cf Phoenix, states that a.
big strike of hard coal has been made
there, the vein being of great thickness.
Phoenix capitalists have bought the
claims.
Nominated hy the President.
"WASHINGTON. JJ*;c 5. — The President
to-day sent the following nominations to
the Senate: Boy H. Chamberlain of Iowa,
to be Collector of Internal Revenue. Dis
trict of Hawaii; Benjamin H. Tatem of
Montana, to be ass?.y«r In charge of the
assay office at Helena. Mont; W. Irvln
Fhaw of Pennsylvania, to be Consul Gen
eral at Singapore.
the leading banking ' house of this city.
He Is the owner of White Sulphur Springs,
a noted summer resort. He is prominent
In social and political circles, having been
the Democratic candidate for Sheriff 'a
number of years ago. Mrs. Taylor Is the
daughter of Davis Clark, one of the old
est pioneers In the State. She has always
taken a leading part in society here and
is well known about the bay cities, having
ielatives in Oakland and San Francisco.
Professor Martin Is a very popular and
highly, esteemed young man. . He has held
the position of principal of the Fourth
street Grammar School for, three terms.
He is a prominent Mason and is at pres
ent worthy patron of the local chapter
ci the Eastern Star.
half ago Professor Martin whipped John
Taylor Jr.. a lad 14 years old, for playing
truant. The boy's family claimed the
>oungster was brutally beaten and had
the professor arrested for cruelty. At
the trial which followed Mr. Martin was
vindicated, it beint- proved that the rod,
which the Taylor family claimed to have
been a heavy ruler, was but a light
switch. The jury decided the punishment
was not Inhuman nor brutal.
The Taylors claimed after the trial th'at
justice was not shown their boy. Mrs.
Taylor threatened a number of times to
take the law into her own hands and see
that the professor was duly punished. -
Mrs. Taylor is the wife of John S. Tay
lor, a director of the Santa Rosa Bank,
t
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA ROSA. Dec. 5.— Mrs. John
S. Taylor, a banker's wife and so
ciety leader, was arraigned before
a jury In Judge Brown's court this
afternoon to answer to a charge of
battery. The case is the outgrowth of
the sensational horsewhipping • episode
that occurred here during the Agricultu
ral District Fair In October, when Mrs.
Taylor attacked Professor D. E. Martin,
principal of the Fourth-street Grammar
School, on a street crowded with sight
seers. The evidence Introduced during the
afternoon went into the details of the at
tack.
Mrs. Taylor took It upon herself to ad
minister what she claimed to be justice to
Professor Martih. The professor was
mounted on his horse In the midst of a
crowd of several thousand persons watch
ipg the stock parade that was a part of
the closing day of the Agricultural Street
Fair, when Mrs. Taylor pushed through
the throng toward him and without warn
ing lashed him with a horsewhip. She
struck him once over the shoulders and a
second time on the head and face. break-
Ing the professor's glasses. Four lashes
In all were given before Professor Martin
was able to push through the crowd. As
he spurred his horse Professor Martin
turned and tipped his hat to his assailant.
Mrs. Taylor walked away ¦with the re
mark:
"1 have been waiting for this opportu
nity for a year and a half."
The attack was the result of a long
standing feud between the Taylor family
and the professor. About a year and a
MASKED IN
ROB CASHIER
OF IS GOLD
Six Thieves Make a Bold
Raid ana Rich Haul at
Portland.
LOOT LUMBER COMPANY'S OFFICE
Compel Those in Charge to Hand
Over Coin on Hand for the Pay
ment of Mill Em
ployes.
Special DlfD&tch to The Call.
PORTLAND, Or.. E>ec. 5.— Six masked
men armed with revolvers robbed the
Western Mill Company's office of $4700 at
5.30 o'clock to-night, and aided by fog
and darkness made their escape, leaving
DO trace behind.
It was pay day. The cashier. H. W.
Hall, had drawn JCQOO In gold and silver
Jor the month's wages of the employes
and had paid out about $1300. He wa«
waiting for the mill employes and yard
men to file in, when three masked men
entered, one covering Hall ¦with a. revol
ver, another looking after his assistant,
and 'ttie third leveling his weapon at the
olflce boy. The money was in envelopes,
tach man's under ftparate cover, on two
trays. A fourth m^ked man jumped
through the cashier's window, where the
ir.tn are usually paid otf. dumped the con
tents cf the trays into a gunny sack «ind
walked out with it. his itiie* conlf derates
In the mean time keeping the men in the
office covered.
While this was taking place two masked
men. each with two revolvers, stood guard
*Lt the door of the office on the outside.
After the man with the sack had made
fcis exit the ether three, still covering the
bookkeeper and assistant, walked back
ward to the uoor and hastily vanished.
The efflce is situated in the extreme
no'th <*nd of the city on an unfrequented
street, and the darkness and fog gave tne
robbers complete protection from obser
vation. It i< presumed that they had
horses or a wagon near. Not a trace of
th<m has boen discovered, though every
detective in town was detailed on the rob
bery within a half hour.
It* did not take more than sixty seconds
to execute the robbery. YV. B. Aver, pres
i<1«-r}t cf th<» company, who was in his
private office adjoining the cashier's
r.ion:, had no hint of It until the men were
pone.
BOILER EXPLOSION
• WRECKS ENGINE-ROOM
Fireman in a Los v Angeles Power-
House Succumbs to His
'Injuries.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 5.— Boiler No. 1 In
the power-house of the. Los Angeles Pa-
cine electric road at Sherman blew up at
12:40 o'clock this morning, completely de
molishing the boiler-house and the south
end of the engine and dynamo room. The
boiler was one of a battery of three, each
of 2500 horsepower. • , <
Night Fireman Robert Walsh was stand-
Ing in front of No. 1 when the explosion
occurred. He was hurled across the room
and against a brick wall. He was fright
fully burned by escaping steam, both arms
¦were broken and his-oody was cut and
bruised by Hying debris. He dragged him
self toward the west entrance to the boil
er-room, but fell exhausted on a pile of
bricks. He died to-night without having
been able to" tell the cause of the" explo
sion. '. :,..'.
Engineer W. D. Langdon was In the en
gine-room when the explosion occurred.
He was blown toward the north front of
the building and escaped 1 with a few cuts
and bruises." . . ....
Responsibility for the disaster cannot at
present be fixed. _Of the battery of three
boilers No. .1 was alone in service at the
lime of the explosion. It is denied, how
ever, that the boiler was overworked. The
damage to the plant will amount to more
than $25,000. A boiler exploded at the same
power-house about three months ago. but
the damage was not great.'
To Solve the Water Problem.
PHOENIX, Dec. 5.— The executive com
mittee of the general water storage com
mittee of the Marlcopa County; Board, of
Trade to-day took definite' action toward
solving the water problem- for the 'Salt
River Valley. A draft .was prepared for a
bill .to go before Congress, authorizing the
county to issue bonds, not to exceed $2,
000,000. for the building of reservoirs for
the storage of Irritation water. V
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Postofflce Changes and List of Pen
• ¦ , - sions Issued.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 5.— Postoffices es
tablished: . California— Flood, Nevada
County,. John T. Riley, Postmaster. Ore
gon — Petteys, Morrow County, L. Pearl
Jones, Postmaster. ' »
Postofiice discontinued: "Washington—
Hot Springs, King County: send mail to
Lestsr. - , - ¦¦'.
Postmasters commissioned:* • California —
Harriet A.. Blockburger, Blocksburg. Or
egon— Delos Woodruff, Ophir. Washing
ton^-David lies. Oso. ..-.
Appointed:- California— C. F. Rehwald.
Bayha. Shasta County; E. B. Adams,
John Adams, Butte County; C. E. Foster,
Noble, Fresno County;. Frederick Reetzke,
Stowe, San Diego County. -Oregon— J.W.
Daly, Alamo. Grant County; Margarette
Heraldson, Mirth. Lane County. Wash
ington—A; F. Fouts, Wilcox, Whitman
County. . *
The' contract for the construction of a
public building at Salem, Or., has been
awarded to Campbell & Cp... of Chicago
for $70,740. ' • • • • • .' .
Pensions issued: California— Increase-
John Martin, Los Angeles, $10. Original
widows— Mary E. Spanyer, Roseville, $s;
Martha J. Baxter, Tulare, $8. War with
Spain,, widows— Carolina Cook (mother),
San- Francisco,- $12., ¦¦-• .
Oregon— OriginaU-ElL warren. Chema
wa, -$6. Increase— Enos Cahill. • Oregon
Washington— Increase— William Boyes,
Tacoma, 1 $8. ,' .
--Lieutenant Colonel Heuer in his report
of a preliminary examination of the San
Joaquln i River - declares the » river - above
Stanislaus is unworthy of improvement to
the - extent of closing -the- sloughs on I ac
count ' of the great- expense, ; which is {un
warranted by commerce. •
German • Fair . Opens.
SAN-JOSE; Dec. 5.— The Jahrmarkt,^a
German annual fair, given, under the aufe
pices of '¦. the . Turn \Verein, . opened with a
large attendance at Turn Vereln Hall to
night. The place is elaborately decorated.
On the stage. is a merry-go-round. About
the '¦' room are prettily arranged booths.
The decorations give the effect of a heav
ily -wooded spot, and ' arbors, lead -about
the hall to: various nooks and booths. » An
adjoining ' room is fitted up • as a refresh
ment; garden. ; . . " '
FINDS A WILL MADE
BY THADDEUS HARPER
Instrument Drawn Before the Once
Millionaire Lost His Great
,,.*"; Fortune.
VICTORIA. Dec, 5.— The will of Thad
deus Harper, the one-time millionaire cat
tleman and mine owner in British Colum
bia, California! Nevada and Mexico, has
come to Ught, but of the once vast estate
there is not left a. dollar as far as known
to pay the bequests named therein.
Harper came to the coast from Virginia
in '49 and amassed a fortune in mining
and cattle raising: He was a shrewd
financier and never-tiring worker " and
twenty-five years ago had rich mines and
thousands of head of cattle in British
Columbia, besides carrying on an exten
sive trading business. He had other
ranches and mlnlnpr interests In Califor
nia, Nevada, and Mexico. At that time
neriiiade the will which has Just come to
light, leaving $175,000 in direct bequests to
his brothers and .their children. A few
years later he was kicked by a horse and
lost his reason and the once shrewd busi
ness man became easy prey for schemers,'
with the result that his fortune slipped
from him and he died, as far as the pub
lic knew, penniless. There are some min
ing shares on which dividends of $300 are
due" and his friends say he must have left
personal property, but where it is is an
other question.
¦ In the will Judge J. H. Moore of San
Jose and John Sankey of Sonoma are
named as executors for the American in
terests.
ASKS FOB * THE AEEEST
OF TWO PEACE OFFICERS
San Jose Woman Alleges That They
Are Unlawfully Holding Her
Property.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 5.— Margaret E. Hlg-
glns began a suit In the Superior Court
to-day against A. J. Elmer and C. A. J^eaf
to obtain possession of a pieceiof land in
East San Jose, which, she claims, Is being
withheld from her by means of an armed
guard,'consisting of a deputy sheriff and
a deputy constable. Besides the
restitution of the premises, Mrs. Hlggins
wants $500 damages and an order for the
arrest of A. J. Elmer.
In the request for an order of arrest the
suit is a! peculiar one. On December 13,
1&99, she leased eight acres of land to de
fendants to November 1, 1900, at a yearly
rental of $80 and the defendants continue
to hold the property against her wishes.
. Mrs. Higglns" husband and another man
went to'the premises on November 30 to
do certain work and were met by Elmer
and ; his .; hired men," who threatened to
throw them Into the street.. It Is alleged
'one.of the hired men Is a deputy sheriff
and another a deputy constable and that
they are using their official positions for
the purpose of intimidating and over
awing her. .'.Mrs. Higgins declares that
on - December . 3, when - she . went to • the
premises; to notify Elmer, to leave the
place, Elmer and his men with threats- of
violence and abusive epithets, accompanied
with a display of weapons, with which
they were armed, compelled her to re
treat.
. am .
Students ¦ Present "Julius Caesar/'
SANTA CLARA. Dec. 5.—The presenta
tion of "Julius, Caesar'* by the 3 Senior
Dramatic. Society of Santa.Clara College
atCollege Hallthis evening drew a large
audience. The production was well staged.
The players, all students of the college. In
forne < instances exhibited -much ability.
The play was given for the benefit of {he
reading-room of the college and a sub
stantial'sum was realized.-. ,
SEATTLE, Dec. 5.— Yosliraatsi Taniuchi,
alias Ki Tushi Taninchi, a Japanese who
represents himself to be the agent of a
foreign missionary society, was arrested
upon the arrival of the steamship Walla
Walla from San Francisco to-night by
Chief of Police Meredith, at the request
of San Francisco ¦ authorities, upon a
charge of felonious embezzlement.
While being taken to the station, Taniu
chi said that he was willing to pay $600 in
order to obtain his release In time to
catch the outgoing Oriental liner for
Japan, which, he said, would be Impos
sible should he be detained for any length
of time.
Chief Meredith several days ago re-
Custody by tn« 'Seattle Chief
of Police, i.l .-£¦•.-•
Yoslimatsi Taniuchi Taken Into
JAPANESE ABBESTED .ON
SAN FBANCISCO "WARRANT
ceived a request from Chief of Detectives
Seymour at San Francisco, requesting
that a sharp lookout be kept for the man.
The prisoner had several hundred dollars
in coin and checks upon his person when
arrested. The warrant is said to have
been Issued by Judge Cabaniss on Novem
ber 4, on complaint of Tashl Kbmal.
WOODLAXD, Dec. 3.— It Is reported
that John Fredericks, who wu defeated
for the Assembly, will file a contest
against J. F. Chiles, the successful can
didate, on. the ground of irregularity vet
several precincts. Mr. Chiles' plurality
was 108.
To Repeal the Fifteenth Amendment.
WASHINGTON', Dec. 5.— Representative
Kitchen, of Xortb. Carolina haa introduced
in the House a resolution for a constitu
tional amendment to repeal the fifteenth
amendment of the constitution.
Will File Election Contest.
EEINDEER EXPERIMENT
.IN ALASKA A FAII/CTRE
Neither the Animals Nor -the Lap
lander in Charge Do Well
in the Territory. ; .^
SEATTLE, Dec. 5.— Four Laplanders,
survivors of a party, of fifteen, who left
their native land three years ago with 5'M
reindeer which the United States Govern
ment desired to test in Alaska., passed
through Seattle to-day en route homo.
The four were Jacob Latta and wife, a
son 16 years old and a daugnter 8 years
old.
Through an Interpreter Latta said that
the Government's experiment with the
reindeer was unsuccessful for several rea
sons. He said:
"The country did not suit either us or
the reindeer. It was cold enough, but It
was different in other ways. The deer did.
not get the same things to eat that they
did in Lapland and they did not get ths
same treatment. When we arrived In
Alaska the deer were distributed and each
of us went with a cfirtain number to a
certain place. The men wonting with us
did not know the habits of the animals
and could not treat them as they, should
have been handled. I did not —now why
the country proved so unhealthy for the
Laplanders. Anyhow, it killed the most
of our party." '.,.'>
Yolo Grand Jury Organize.
WOODLAND, Dec. 5.— The Grand Jury
organized to-day. The court appointed
L. G. Rhodes foreman and J. A. Haxbey
was elected secretary and E. P. Huston
was elected export. Frank Hadsal, who
several month" ago shot and seriously
wounded Frail Desmond, but who has
since been meiely detained because Des
mond declines to prosecute, was present
and was informed of his rights,- but made
no objection to any member of the Grand
Jury.
Second Libel Suit Filed.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 5.— The commit
tee of fifteen of the Committee of Pub-
lie Safety now has two $50,000 libel &uits
to defend Instead of one. The second suit
was filed to-day by Fred W. Stein, who
is severely criticized and condemned in
the committee's report. The other libel
suit was brought by Major W. C. Furrey.
Poth men claim to have been greatly
damaged by reason of alleged libelous and
defamatory statements made in the com
mittee's report ;.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, Dec. a.— Martin Stickel, one of
the assassins of pioneer Cornelius Knapp
and his wife, near Castle Rock, in Cow
litz County, on Wednesday night of last
week, was arrested in a scow on the
Columbia River, near the mouth of the
Cowlitz River, and brought to the Jail
in Tacoma to-day by Sheriff Kirby, who
feared that the man' would be lynched.
Stickel has made a confession, declar
ing the crime was planned by him and
Ed Pierce about a week before It was
committed. Stlckel's arrest has cleared
the mystery surrounding the murder of
a rancher named Shaaklin In that part
of the country a. year ago. The works of
Shanklin's watch were found in another
case* in Stickel's possession, and he con
fessed this murder as well as that of
Knapp, saying he and Pierce committed
all three crimes. He said they got about
$30 and a watch from Shanklin. Pierce
took the watchcase and gave him the
works. They obtained little booty from
the Ivnapps, the horrible double tragedy
netting the assassins but $3.
Stickel talks freely of the latter crime,
paying that he and Pierce planned it a
wc-ek previous. They believed the Knapps
had money because they lived alone and
had no one to take care of them. He
says Pierce did the shooting with Stickers
gun. Both regretted having molested the
old couple 'when they found no money
in- the house. :¦.,-*;"
Shanklin.
Martin Stldel Admits He and an Ac
complice Murdered Mr. and Mrs.
Rnapp and Rancher
CONFESSION THAT
CLEARS MYSTERY
OF THREE DEATHS
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Dec. 5.—
Two of the most Important offices within
the gift of the student body, were con
ferred to-day without opposition. By the
order of President Morrack the secretary
of the Associated Students cast a ballot
electing \V. "W. Burnett '01. manager of
next year's football team and A. B.
Lemmon'01 editor of the Daily Palo Alto.
¦ AV. W. Burnett Is one of the best known
and most popular men in' college. "In
his freshman year he played center on
his class team and wa3 sub-center i'on
Fickert's 20-to-0 team. The next year he
was one of Stanford's famous 600-pound
trio. In 1898 he was with the Utah Light
Artillery In the Philippines, where he
made himself conspicuous for his bravery
on the Held of battle. The last two years
he has played tackle on the varsity. He
was captain of this year's victorious
team. It Is conceded that his long ac
quaintance with football affairs wlu en
able him to fulfill his duties as manager
to the satisfaction of both players and
stntJents. "
A. B. Lemmon, editor-elect of the col
lege daily, is a senior in college and a
resident of Santa Rosa. He has been
managing editor during the past
semester.
A meeting of the football' men for the
purpose of electing the captain of next
year's teani has been called for'to-mor
row night. Ralph S. Fisher '02 and Frank
S. Slaker '03, respectively half and full
back this year, are the most likely candi
dates, though Hill Traeger and Riatt are
mentioned. Twenty-four votes will be
cast, as every man who has played In a
schedule game has a right to ballot.
Burnett to - Direct the Affairs of the
Gridiron Team and Lemmon
Will Be Editor of the
• Daily Palo Alto.
STANFORD ELECTS
FOOTBALL MANAGER
FOR NEXT SEASON
Special Dispatch. to. The Call.
VICTORIA. Dec. 5.— The steamship
Amur arrived this afternoon with a num
ber of men. from Dawson, including E. W.
Sandison, a Los Angeles man, who has
been trading on the Klondike for. years.
They report that nollce had found the
bodies of two miners, whose names were
unknown, near the mouth 'of the Pelly.
The bodies were horribly mutilated and
evidently had furnished food for wolves.
Mail came from Dawson . with to-day's
arrivals. It was damaged from immersion
In the river, the carrier having fallen
through at one place.
Stampeders were hurrying from Daw
son to a new find at the headwaters of the
Kuskokwim's tributaries, 300 miles from,
the beautiful Holy Cross mission, on the
banks of the Yukon. The discovery was
made last summer on Yellow River by a
band of daring prospectors and Is said to
be the richest yet made in the north. Twg
Swedes are said to have brought out $34,
000 from there.
The steamer El Dorado has been caught
In the ice near Hell Gate and the vessel
was in danger of being crushed and
wrecked. r ¦¦:¦¦'¦ ¦.
A number of automobiles which S. A.
Clear was taking in to give an express
service from Dawson to the creeks have
been stranded in the Yukon near Sylwln.
• On November 27 the trial of O'Brien,
accused of. the murder of Clayson, Relfe
and Olsen last winter, was resumed and
damaging evidence against him was in
troduced. The police are now on the trail
of an alleged accomplice ¦ In the crime
named Brum, who nas gone into Tanana
district.
Telegraphic advices of the death "of
Peter McDonald, a pioneer of Circle- City,
on November 26, were received to-day.
Seven thousand crown claims were sold
early in November, principally fractions,
hillsides and benches. While many sold
at prices ranging from $200 to $500, a fair
average was $40.to $50, and a number sold
at figures ranging from J2 to 510.
Prospectors Find Gold on Yellow. River,
and Reports of Their' Good For
tune Attract Many From
Dawson.
STAMPEDERS RUSH
TO NEW DISTRICT
ON UPPER YUKON
Questions of Creed and Race Injected
Into the Contest by the
Leaders of Both
Parties.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER. Dec. 5.— The campaign
closing to-night preliminary to : the elec
tion to-morrow for the representation of
the district of Burrard In the House of
Commons has been one of the . most ex
traordinary' in the history- of Canadian
politics. The Liberal candidate, who is a
supporter of the' Government of Sir Wil
frid Laurler, is Row George R. Maxwell,
a Presbyterian clergyman. His opponent,
Mayor James F. Garden. of Vancouver, is
the Conservative candidate.
'-, The campaign has been unique In the
history of. Parliamentary contests in Can
ada.: Although the result affects only a
single seat in the House of Commons,.ex
traordinary, efforts to win have been made
by both parties. Leaders on both sides
came all the way from Ottawa to par
ticipate in the contest. The opposition is
especially anxious to* administer a rebuke
to the . Krench-Canadians for so largely
supporting the Premier of their own race,
Sir Wilfrid I^iurier, whose greatest ma
jority was gained trom Quebec- Tne Gov
ernment desirea to punish tne Conserv- ;
atives for navmg brought up the ques
tions of race and creea in the .analysis
of the Liberal majority, i
A tremendous amount of racial and re
ligious strife has been engendered by the
campaign, riir Charles Tupper, the octo
genarian politician, who is retiring from
tne Conservative leadership after having
spent torty-nve years in public life, de
ciared in a recent speech that Canuda's
future, her very existence, was dependent
upon a vigorous resistance of French ag
gression. French-Canadian Liberals were
pictured as traitors to Canada and as foes
of the British empire, waiting and watch
ing for the moment when \hey could
throw off British domination.
The sovereign grand master of the
Orange Order in Canada, Hon. Clark Wal
lace, himself a Conservative member of \
Parliament, came out to Vancouver from
Toronto especially to participate* in the
campaign, and as Roman Catholics are
proportionately few in number in British
Columbia, pro-Protestant and anti-French
feeling was considerably accelerated , by
his speeches.
Although the Conservatives in Canada
have always been especially opposed to
any suggestion that the Dominion should
be annexed by the United States, numbers
of prominent supporters of the opposition
privately declared their conviction that
unless French-Canadians were effective
ly suppressed by a united English-speak
ing vote against the Government they
would be driven into annexation as the
only solution of an unbearable situation.
A great deal of Conservative capital has
been made out of the allegations of Lib
eral maladministration in the Yukon.
Specific charges of corruption, peculation
and favoritism resulting from bribery
were made".
To all the onslaughts made against It,
the Government has made what was
termed "a practical reply." It was to this
effect: The Government has a large ma
jority in the House. Vancouver needs
various public buildings, harbor improve
ments and shipping facilities. Elect the
Government candidate. Rev. George R.
Maxwell, and all these things shall be
given to you: a mint will be located in
Vancouver, the harbor will be dredged,
and Federal lands will be deeded to the
city. "On the other hand, elect the oppo
sition candidate,. James F. Garden, who
has been three, times Mayor of the city,
and you get nothing. , -
The district of Burrard is extensive,
reaching from Vancouver north to Atlln,
and unless the vote of the city of Van
couver gives a decided majority to one
candidate, the result will be in doubt for
several weeks until returns are received
from outlying polling places.
An election will be held to-morrow In
the Yale-Cariboo district, embracing the
eastern Interior of British Columbia, but
the. result in that constituency is not
deemed so Important.
CAMPAIGN COMES TO A CLOSE
District Embracing Vancou
verWill To-Day Hold
Its' Election.
BITTER FIGHT
FOR A SEAT IN
THE COMMONS
THE SAN FRANCISCO" CALL., THURSDAY, DECEMBER 6, 1900.
Mrs. Taylor Arraigned at Santa Rosa to Answer
for the Horsewhipping of Professor Martin.
SOCIETY WOMAN IN COURT
ON A CHARGE OF BATTERY
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
4vi8i«» OR JORDAN'S oreat4
?HUSE?» OF ANATOMY]
\ rtT The Lsreert KaKtomicU Mineun ia tbe \
A ijLw^ World Weiknet**! or aaf eoniracteo 9
¦ ?iSx*& «Jnei*e pof;i«'«« - lje«*r«d»»jrih«ijtoe»t T
f» fg3[ »j>cci«Jiu*i.tli-- Ccmu. tst. 36 roar*- 9
£ H&rvh qr. «03aw-PRir lze siseases 4
'¦ •'v^trBn t-e"utt»'t<*> »rc »nd strkflf pririte. \
G !¦ Liwh '"" l;mtm i>"«'"*"y nr W |M|cr - A &
\ '•t 1/ *S fcf ' v "*¦' C\ircin t»erjr cfticunurrtalirc T
tt V li ll» \VnterarI»ook.r««l.©«O5 > Mlir»ir0
li li 3>«9al*CK, MAILED P3LSS. i A \
i. Q (1. vaiuuic boot tor nv-n) A
V DIl J>OUDAX<*CO..lGSlHartetUt..b.F. F
IT'S CHILD'S PLAY
To treat a wosian for a disease year after
year and ,?ive lier no permanent relief.
Vet that has been the case with scores
of women who
have " doctored "
for year after 3-tar
unhelped and un-
liealea, to find at
Ust lh?-. a few
bottles of Doctor
r*ierce's
Prescription
¦would have Raved
years of suffering
end a great deal
of money.
t ion of the,
ping of disagree- s^vKrtHf
hea'.ing of inflam- lii'fcSSg
rr:atioa and ulcer- fcfif Vg»«i
cure of fe::ia!e jg^ffigW
¦weakness, tliere is VedsS^i
no medicine can -^^i^^^
equal Dr. Picrce's Favorite Prescription.
It makes weak women strong ana sick
women -well.
¦ About five rears asro I had very poor hcaltli/ 1
writes Mrs. S" E. Whalen, of H>lden, Johnson
Co.. Missouri. ¦ After doctoring four years with
o"-' tt>Ti-n doctors they pave my case up ; said
tbey had doar all they cow-id. I had b*fn con-
fined to my l'-d half my time; the other half
could hardlv drag around. I had such pains In
— v back and alxiomcn I could not stand for
more than a few minute*. My feet were cold
c- burning, and my periods came too often.
The doctors said it was change of life, so, as I
had heard of Dr. Pierce's medicines, my hus-
band cot me a bottle of ' Favorite Prescription.'
I took it am' it helped me in some ways, so I
wrote to vou and followed your advice. I cora-
m-nced * Favorite Prescription, ' Golden >»ed-
icfcl Discover* ' and the'Pelkts,* as I was so
constipated all the tinie and pills would weaken
j:ie so that I would have to go to bed. To the
rrrat surprise of everybody I got well, and
•.vhen I met my friendi they wouid say. We
never thought you would be here now,' But I
can sav it was vour medicine, which no doubt
is the best in the world. Have had no use for
doctor* since I tried your medicine."
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets cure con-
ctipation.
Pain or dull ache In the back 'a unmis-
takable evidence of kidney trouble. It is
Nature's timely warning to show you that
the track of health Is not cle&r.
If these danger signals are unheeded,
more serious results are sure to follow;
Bright's disease, which is the worst form
of kidney trouble, may steal upon you.
The mild and the extraordinary effect
of the world-famous kidney and bladder
remedy. Swamp-Rcot, Is soon realized. It
stands the highest lor its wonderful cures
of the most distressing cases. A trial
will convince any one — and you may have
a sample bottle for the asking.
Lame back Is only one symptom of kid-
ney trouble — one of many. Other symp-
toms showing that you need Swamp-Root
are: Obliged to pass water often rluring
the day and to get up - many times at
night, inability to held your urine, smart-
ing or irritation In passing, brick dust or
sediment in the urine, catarrh of the blad-
der, uric acid, constant headache, dizzi-
ness, sleeplessness, nervousness, irregu-
lar henrt-beating, rheumatism, bloating,
irritability, worn out, feeling. lack of am-
bition, loss of flesh, sallow complexion.
If your water when allowed -to. remain
undisturbed In p. glass or bottle for twen-
ty-four hours forms a sediment or settltns
or haa a cloudy appearance It Is evidence
that your kidneys and bladder need im-
mediate attention. ;
In taking Swamp-Root you afford natu-
ral help to Nature, for Swamp-Root Is the
most perfect healer and gentle aid to the
kidneys that Is known to medical science.
Swamp-Root Is the great iliscovery of
Dr. Kilmer, the eminent kidney and blad-
der specialist. Hospitals use It with won-
derful success In both slight and severe
enses. Doctors recommend It to tndr pa-
tients and use It In thetr own families, be-
caure they recognize in Swamp- Root the
greatest and mo^t successful remedy. .
If you have the slightest symptom of
Kidney or bladder :rouole. or If thero Is a
trace of It in your family history, send at
once to Dr. Kilmer & Co., Birirhamton.
N. Y., who -will gladly send you, free by
mall, immediately, without cost to you, a
sample bottle of Swamp- Root and a book
of wonderful Swamp-Root testimonials,
lie sure to ssy that vou read this srerter-
ous offer in the San Francisco Daily Call.
If you are already convinced that
Swamp-Root is what you need, you ran
purchase the reg^iltr fifty-cent and one-
dollar slz* bottler at drug stores. Don't
make any mistake, but remember the
name, Swamp-Root, Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-
Root, and the address. Blnghcmton, N. Y.
Do You Have Rheumatism? Have You
Bladder or Uric Acid Trouble?
To Prove What Swamp Root, the Great Kidney and Bladder Remedy,
Will Do for YOU, All Our Readers May Have a
Sample Bottle Sent Free by Mail,
DB. KILMER'S ¦ SWAMP-BOOT.
DO YOU GET UP
WITH A LAME BACK?
I ¦ yH^^r3TTrr>s Some P° ints about j
| illllffl our made-to-order suits: j
B I life Sli'lir £ ra( 3 e ' trimmings-—
II if (ililljf good throu § hout; the
- ' JS II WII W protection-money back
-<*^lfflil llM I i\ \fW wa nted; all prices — just
Blfilll Hi I "If n0W> thou ° h » we are orcin S «
1^1 IIP' OT !' to the front our made-to-
|H|| $15.5O
l%li Y^fl In iii'ill ' Come in and get our samples |
fill !•!/ rl'l^fa — they are cheerfully given. j
bl III III rJ fill Out-of-town orders filled. Write
¦ I |||jl|. . w! H'l . for samples and self-measuring
/ X w IT J. ct X iV " « ijtl CDv ttl-1 vA
¦ Copnep Powell and Eddy Sts.
¦ ,/¦........BERLIN, Dec. 5. — A dispatch received
here from Tangiers says the demands of
Baron von Mentzingen, the German Min
ister to Morocco, for the payment of
three claims of Injured Germans and .the
punishment of the offenders have been
yielded to by the Sultan.
Sultan Agrees to Pay.
DISGUISED AS A WOMAN
HE VIEWS THE SHOW
Successful Ruse of a Young Man to
• Gain Entry to Theatricals of
Bryn Mawr Girls.
BALTIMORE, Dec. 5.— Bryn Mawr
School, the fashionable woman's semin
ary, gave a theatrical performance to
day for the benefit of the. Bryn Mawr
School scholarship. The only persons ad
mitted were female friends and parents
of the girls in the performance.
Two or three days ago the rumor was
started that all of the 'brothers of the
girls would be admitted, and all of tho
brothers came, but were not admitted.
One young.man, who was anxious to see
thft play, decided to attire himself in wo
man's costume. Thus disguised, he suc
ceeded in getting in and managed. to re
main until the middle of the third and
last act, when a .maiden, 14 years of age,
thought it her duty to inform the princi
pal. Miss Hamilton, of the man's pres
ence. Miss Hamilton informed the Jani
tor and requested him to remove the man
and have him locked in her office until
the performance was over. This was
done, but through the kindness of the
teacher the man was released after-hav
ing been detained. in the principal's room
an hour. . -
? — ; —
VISCOUNT HALIFAX TO
EMBRACE CATHOLICISM
NEW YORK, Dec. 6.— A Journal special
from London says: Viscount Halifax,
president of the- English Church' Union,
has turned Roman Catholic, and will join
tho church in a few days.. Lord Halifax
has, for many years been a leader In the
ritualist movement in England. Ritual
ism has received so many official setbacks
recently that no one: Js surprised that
Lord Halifax has sought peace in Rome,
and his move will likely be followed by
many other eminent \men.
Thompson Is Sinking.
INDIANAPOLIS. Ind.. Dec. 5.-A spe
cial to the Sentinel . fro»n Crawfordsville.,;
Ind., says: The condition of Maurice
Thompson has been growing , steadily
w.orse until the hopes for his recovery
now reem to be slight. Mr. Thompson
has been working hard recently and only
a few months ago finished his most suc- v
cessful novel, "Alice: of, Old Vincennes."
i u^ . J ¦ ;
Grau Company at Denver.
DENVER, Dec. 6.— The \ Grau special,
the largest passenger train .which » ever
crotised the continent, arrived here from
San Francisco at 10:45 a., m.? to-day.; The
advance sale of seats for the grand opera
season of four nights in Denver realized
over $29,000,
COMMISSAKY GEKEBAL
EGAN MAY BE RETIRED
Amendment to the Hoot Army Bill
Would Permit th« President
to Do So.
WASHINGTON. Deo. 5.— By an amend
ment to the Root army bill the Presi
de lit is given an opportunity to perma
nently settle the status of Brigadier Gen
eral Egan, who still holds the rank of
commissary general ln the army, although
permanently suspended from -duty.- This
provision, if adopted by the House and
Pe-nate. will authorize the President to
*:!ace General Egan on the retired list.
General Egan now draws the full pay
of a brigadier general on- the active fist.
J550O a year, but none of the allowances"
of that grade. If he is plac«i on the re
tired list he will receive J4125 a vear.
l>fore the bill was reported to-day it
ras further amended so as t6 provide for
the advancement of Brigadier General
Ehafter to the grade of major general on
the retired list of the regular army.
£p*ela.l - Dispatch to Tlie Call.
NEW YORK. Dec. 5.-J. Pierpont Mor
gan and William Rockefeller, both sup
posed to have "some experience in matters
of finance, eat as Sheriff's jurors Monday
last to assess the amount of damages
which Mary E. Dowd, scrub woman, had
received atthe hands, or rather tongue, of
Bridget White, also a scrub woman. Mrs.
Dowd In her complaint charges Mrs.
White with having ¦vilified 1 and slandered
her, with having taken her good name
away from her. a« she herself put It, in a
public place, and she demanded damages
in the sum of 13)00. -
The ca«e wad tried before Lnder Sheriff
Mulroney and the Morgan-Rockefeller
jurv in one of the Supreme Court rooms
in the Tweed courthouse. Able counsel
represented both parties. Benjamin F.
Spellman represented the .plaintiff and
former Senator Eccles appeared for the
defendant. Full details of the unfortunate
differences between Mrs. Dowd. and Mrs.
White were brought out before Mr. Mor
gan Mr. Rockefeller and their fellow
jurymen under the skillful questioning of
the learned counsel. Wherr the testimony
and arguments were completed the Jury
took the case and Mr. Morgan -and- Mr.
-Rockefeller lent their tlnancial acumen to
the assessment of the damages Mrs.
Dowd had sustained. This they fixed at
tJO just $1350 less than Mrs. Dowd had
asked for. but enough to carry the costs,
which, with the penalty, fell upon Mrs.
White. In addition to this case Mr. Mor
gan and Mr. Rockefeller sat the same day
in five other Sheriff's jury cases.
In the case of Mrs. Dowd against Mrs.
White neither Mr. Rockefeller nor Mr.
Morgan got a cent for his services, for it
was what is known as a pauper case. The
complainant had no money to pay the fees
and as the county will not pay them the
jurors under the circumstances are out
just 53 each.
Morgan and Rockefeller Hear
Dispute of Two Scrub-
Women.
MILLIONAIRES ON
SHERIFF'S JURY
MARCONI SYSTEM
PROVES SUCCESS
Messages Exchanged Ba
tween Shores of England
<. and Belgium.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 5.— Consul Roose
velt at Brussels reports to the State De
partment that a station has, been estab
lished at La Panne, Belgium, for the ex
change of wireless telegraphic messages
between Belgium and England. ¦
La Panne was selected on account of its
being the point of Belgium nearest the
English coast. A mast of the Marconi
system, thirty feet high, was erected
there. The Dover-Ost end' mail boat Prin
cess Clementine was fitted up with tem
porary apparatus for use in experimental
trials. An additional mast was affixed to
the foremast of ihis vessel, increasing
its original height about eixty feet. From
that extremity the telegraphic waves are
projected' toward each coast. A special
room has been fitted up on the steamer
for the instruments and from that room
the cable is carried to the top of the ex
tended mast. It is confidently expected
to maintain communication between ship
and shore for at least thirty miles, which
is about half-way across. With stations
at La Panne and Dover those on board
the vessel will be able to keep in touch
with the land during the entire trip
across. Recent experiments showed* that
replies arrived with the same regularity
and celerity as ordinary telegTams. When
about forty miles from Ostend the cap
tain was able to telegraph the station
master at Ostend the probable hour of
his arrival. Various telegrams .were sent
from the vessel to Ostend, Brussels, Do
ver and London, and the reception of each
message was acknowledged promptly.
Subsequently, the Consul adds, a mes
sage was sent from the vessel to the sta
tion at Dover Court, Essex, a distance of
nearly ninety miles, including many miles
of cliffs and sea.
WILL CONTEST THE WILL
OF PLAYWKIOHT HOYT
Relatives of the Deceased Kan En
gage a Lawyer to Commence
an Action.
CONCORD. N. H., Dec. 5.— Oliver E.
Branch of Manchester has been retained
by heirs to contest the wilL of the late
Charles H. Hoyt, playwright, of Charles
town. These heirs are Mrs. William R.
Green of Concord. Joseph B. Hoyt of
Nashua and Miss Kate Hale of Boston.
The ¦, will will be offered for probate in
New York on February 6, but that will
make no difference with proceedings that
will be had in this State.
The contestants, \t is said, will seek to
compel a probating of the will in the Sul
livan. County Court under the law which
establishes the home of testator where
his domicile or real estate is located. It
will be asserted that Mr. "Hoyt'9 domicile
was in Charlestown. Another ground for
contest will be the alleged unsound mind
of Mr. Hoyt when he made and signed the
will.
BOSTON, Dec. 5.— Another southern
storm has swept over New England and
gone the way of all such disturbances!,
straight off to the northeast and, like
hundreds of its energetic •' predecessors,
left death and destruction in its wake.
Yesterday's gale is to-night threshing the
waters off Nova' tjcotia. and Newfound
land, preparatory to making a stirring
descent upon the European steamer track
so that its. destructive history is not yet
fully complete. Just what is accomplished
in this line in New England and particu
larly along the coast north of Boston can
be summed up as follows: Five Glouces
ter fishermen drowned, six coasting
schooners completely wrecked, nine ves
sels sunk, eight schooners ashore and
LONDON, Dec. 5.— Storms have been
sweeping over the British coasts and the
ships in the channel have had rough ex
periences. Several minor wrecks have
been reported. The steamer Rossgull of
Plymouth foundered off the island of Jer
sey. Her passengers were saved, but a
boat containing nine of her crew is miss
ing.
ST. BRIEUC, France, Dec. 5.— The Eng
lish steamer Rogspull has been lost off the
coast of Jersey. She was engaged In the
service between England and the Chan
nel islands and St. Brieuc. She foundered
in a gale at 11 o'clock Jast night. Accord-
Ing to the report which has reached here
only eleven persons out of the forty peo
ple on board of her have been saved.
STEAMSHIPS FOUNDER IN GALES
AND MANY LIVES ARE LOST
eleven others more or less injured through
collision and loss of gear.
The usual amount of damage occurred
on land, buildings being blown down, tel
egraph wires prostrated and some delay
caused on railroads in the northern por
tion by heavy snow.
ULI'TH, Minn.. Dec. 5— Charles
A. Towne to-night confirmed the
report that Governor Lind has
tendered him the Senatorship to
succeed the late Senator Davis.
and said he had accepted. He will leave
for Washington to-morrow.
Charles Arnette Towne was born in
Oakland County. Michigan, November 21,
1S5S- he studied law and was admitted to
the bar He settled in Minnesota and
practiced law in Duluth. Mr. Towne was
a member of Congress (1S95-97) and was
notable as an orator and advocate of free
silver. He left the Republican National
Convention of 1S>6 because of gold stand
ard plank in the platform. He has been
national chairman of the Silver Re
publican party since 1897. He was voted
for by Minnesota Legislature (1S99) as fu
sion candidate for United States Senate.
Towne was nominated by the Silver Re
publicans for the Presidency, but later
withdrew In favor of Bryan.
)llshed young woman. Her father has
l'eld-many positions of trust in this coun
y and is the present County Assessor.
After the ceremony the young couple
! FORMER CONGRESSMAN CHARLES A. TOWNE, WHO HAS BEEN
j APPOINTED UNITED STATES SENATOR TO. SUCCEED THE LATE
j Ct'SHMAN K. DAVIS.
will go to San Francisco and other points
south for a honeymoon trip of about
three weeks.
Santa Cruz Wedding Bells.
SANTA CRUZ. Dec. 5— A pretty home
wedding occurred at 10:30 o'clock thi*
¦morning, when Robert C. Jensen of Guad
alupe was married to Miss Gertrude Ed
ward?. -The wedding was at the home of
the bride's mother on Lincoln street. Miss
Edwards is a graduate of the Humboldt
County High School and is an accom
plished musician. The groom for eleven
years has been In the employ of the
Southern Pacific Milling Company. He
is a prominent Mason and Odd Fellow.
They left for San Francisco.
GEORGE H. .HOPPIN AND MISS
NELLIE GILMAN, WHO WILL BE
MARRIED TO-DAY.
Great Britain's Lawmakers to *Be
Merely Told That They Are Sum
moned to Provide Army
Supplies.
LONDON. Dec. 5.— The Queen's speech )
to-mnrrowNvill be the shortest on record.
It will consist of a single sentence an
nouncing that Parliament would be
summoned to provide supplies for the
army. The foreign r^laJlons. which are ]
not touched in this laconic message, will j
be fully dealt with in the speech opening
the February session.
Canadian Troops Honored.
The visiting members of tho Royal Can- j
jdian Kcfrirnor.J._ pilot eA by the Duke of
>rjryll. Joseph Chamberlain. I/ord Lons
dale. The Puke of Aberdeen. Lord I^ans
downe and others, visited the House of
Parliament to-day. Mr. Chamberlain, in
the course <if an address, acknowledged I
\hf Indebtedness of Great Britain to the j
colonial troops. The Canadian con- i
lingpiH was most cordial'y welcomed In
the House of Lords by Lord Lansdowne.
and the Duke of Aberdeen In brief |
speeches. <"olon«?l Olter. in thanking the '.
speakers, denied the e negations of bad
treatment of Canadians. He said the
<:nly complaint be and his men had to
make were that they wtre being killed by
IctotfiMM. The Canad'.itns were after
ward entertained at luncheon by the j
Duke anil Duchess of Argyll at Sensing- |
t.>n Palace. Lord Stratrioona and Mount
Jloyal. the Canadian High Commissioner,
was ainung the guests. At the request
i.f Princess Louise the Canadians sang !
"The Land of the Maple."
Czar Is Convalescent.
A I.ivadia special says: The following
bulletin restrains the condition of Em
peror Nicholas was Issued to-day: "The
Czar has passed the last twenty-four
hours very well. His convalescence is
following generally a favorable course.
Last evening his temperature was 9S.1
and his pulse 7\ This morning the
former was H7.4 and the latter 68."
His Majesty expresses no ill effects from
pitting up in his armchair at meal times
and is fo much l>etter that the court is
discussing; the probable time of its return
to St. Petersburg, which, however, is still
undecided.
Marries a Kentucky Girl.
Baron Herman Speck von Sternburg
formerly secretary of the German em
bassy at Washington, and recently ap
pointed Consul General for Germany at
Calcutta., was married quietly this .after
noon at. St. George's Church. Hanover
square, to Miss Lillian May Langham of
Louisvilie. Ky. The mother ar.d two sit
ters of the bride were present. Joseph H.
Choate. the I'nlted Slates Embassador,
purported the bridegroom.
Netherlands and Arbitration.
A special from The Hague says: Dur
ing- the debate on the budget in the Senate
t-n ambers to-day the Premier. Dr. Piersan,
declared he could not at present foresee
the psychological moment when the
Netherlands would be able to propose ar-
Mtration between Great Britain and the
Transvaal.
Criticism by Austrians.
A Vipftr.a special says: The papers here
penerally criticise the United States' pol
icy as outlined in President McKinley's
message to Congress with respect to Chi
na. While admitting the gTeat Influence
Washington has exercised with the Euro
pean powers, the official Fremdenblatt
complains that the United States appears
unabl<? to compensate Individual foreign
er* for infringement . of their rights,
while the Neue Wiener Tapeblatt, touch
ing on the same subject, asks if President
McKinley showed the same solicitude for
the Austro-Hungarians who loet their
money, health and lives in the TJnited
State? as he now shows ¦with reference
to Austro-Huncarlans arrested for evad
ing military service.
Boni Is Sensitive.
'"Count and Countess -Boni de Castellane
are m-potiatinc: for a house in 'London,"
(=a>5: Vanity Fair, "where in the future
thoy will spend at least a portion of the
year, as Count Boni is deeply hurt at the
¦want of sympathy Fhown hfm by his
friends and compatriots In his recent
financial troubles."
Seal Arbitration.
A St. Petersburg special says: R. H. E>.
Pierce, suretan- of the United States em
bassy, has secured thirty days' extension
of the period within whl<"h evidence may
be submitted in the Russian-American
*«*al arbitration case before Arbitrator
Asser at The Haprue. to permit the arrival
«>f evidence from San » Francisco. Mr.
Pirrcf rxpects to submit the American
case before January 8.
Speech to Parliament Will
Be the Shortest From
the Throne.
QUEEN TO BREAK
BREVITY RECORD
T0WNE WILL SUCCEED
LATE SENATOR DAVIS
Governor Llnd Tenders the Sliver Repub
lican the Vacant Seat and; He Accepts;
Special Dispatch to The Call.
George Henru Hoppin and Miss Nellie Gil
man Will Wed -To-Day. -
YOLO SUPERVISOR-ELECT
TO BECOME A BENEDICK
Mr. Hoppin is the member-elect of tho
Board of Supervisors from the Fifth Dis
trict and is a popular and enterprising
young farmer. The bride-to-be is the
youngest daughter of Mr. and Mrs. J. K.
Smith.. She is a beautiful and accom-
parents of the bride-to-be In
this city to-morrow. The event. Is of
more than ordinary importance and i»*
anticipated with a great deal of interest
on account of the social and political
prominence of the two families.
WOODLAND, Dec. 5.— Georse
Henry Hoppin and Miss Nel
lie Gllman Smith will be mar
ried at the residence of the
MANY MINERS
MEET DEATH
Nine .. Cases of Dynamite
Explode in a Mexican
Powder House.
sion of dynamite, yesterday at the mines
of San Andrea de la Sierra killed or
wounded many rnrn*»r?. At the latest ad
vices twenty-six dead bodies had been re
royered.' Klft^-n Injured persons, some
of whom will -die. were taken from the
wreckage an1 the ruins are thought to
contain other victims. -
It Is not known as yet how the «x
plofion occurred, but nine caa^s of dyna
mite blew up at the poveder house with an
appalUnc roar, shaking the country i«r
miles around. When 'the panic had par
tlalfv-subsided the wives and children of
the "miners hurripd to th<? scpne, finding
th*> building wrecked i»n<l dead bodies.
CITY OF MEXICO. Dtc. 5.— An explo-
Bodies of Twenty-Sir Dead and Fif
' teen Injured Already Recov
ered From the
! NEW YORK, Dec. 5.— What is/.known
as the Ridgewood. power-house, owned by
the Brooklyn Rapid Transit Company,
was totally destroyed by fire last; night,
causing a Iobs of $150,000. The fire Started
in some unknown manner, and, at the
ridk of 'his life, Chief Engineer Windlar
shut off* the power from each of the 7^0
horsepower dynamos, of which there
were six ; in the building. The building
rrns soon a massof flames and the fire
mm bent mosr of # their enorgy toward
the saving of adjacent property. Imme
diately after the tire broke out all the
various; car lines receiving power from
this source .were brought to a standstill
and remained so for over two hours.
To Lead Columbia Kickers.
W. It. Morley,- the sturdy- captain erf
Columbia's 1900 football team, has been
unanimously chosen to lead the white and
blue elevrn next' scauon. Captain Mor
ley is one of the steadiest players and
surept ground-gainers that has ever
played at Columbia. He was elected
to the captaincy of the 1000 team eany
last October, to succeed Captain "TonV'
blmons. who was forced to resign 'because
of an injured knee, which kept him out
Ql the game, and proved throughout the
past season thfe right man for the place.
'J he confidence of the entire squad wan
his and his example of courage and deter
rnlnatlon on the neld did much to elevate
the morale of , his team. Morley is on«
of the most experienced : men. on the
team. He has played halfback on the
Columbia varsity" for two years and had
previously learned the game at the Penn
sylvania Military Academy and the Uni
versity of Michigan. He is 24 years of
age, a senior, In the School of Mines and
hails from Datil, N. M. He returns to
the university next year for post grad
uate work! " - "-.
Hoffman's Ashes Scattered.
In the presence of a number of his life
long friends, the ashes of the late Justice
Albert Hoffman of Hoboken were scat
tered to the winds. The body was in
cinerated at Fresh Pond. L. I. When the
work had been done the ashes were taken
charge of and thrown into the air. This
was In accordance with the wishes of the
former Judge. He had expressed a wish
to be cremated and said he did not want
his ashes taken home to be knocked
about. He wanted them to return to
mother earth.-
B-ev. Mr. Jones Takes a Bride.
The Rev. Robert S. Jones, president of
Hobart College. Geneva. N, Y., and Miss
Lottie T. Gill,, daughter of the lats
Charles T. Gill of St. Louis, were mar
ried last night in this city in the Church
of the Holy Communion by the Rev. Dr.
William R. Huntlngton. The bride was
given away by her uncle, C. W. Bre&a, of
Chicago.
Californians in New York.
The following Californians are in New
York: From San Francisco— Rev. Brere
ton, at Grand Union; J. M. Franklin. J.
W. Johns and wife, at Delavan: C. S.
Long, at Astor; C. A. Maydwell, at Broad
way Central; F. L. Orcutt, at Savoy; W.
L. Saalburg, at Hoffman; W. Goodwin,
at St. Denis: Mrs. C. Hohm, at Grand
Union; G." Montgomery, at St. Denis; J.
H. Miller, at Imperial. . Mrs. J. Book. Los
Angeles, at Albert; Miss Uulach. Stock
ton, at Imperial; L. R. Klrby, San Diego,
at Imperial.
Funds' for India.
NEW YORK, Dec. 5.— It Is estimated
that more than $1,000,000 has been sent to
India from the United States for the help
of the sufferers. The New York commit
tee, which disbanded to-day, raised ,$272.
8&S. . '
Another Case of Smallpox.
NEW YORK, Dec. 5.— One new case of
smallpox was reported to-day, making:
forty-five that have so far appeared in
the Borough of Manhattan.
Engineer Windlar Risks His
Life in Shutting Ofi Big
Dynamos.
lyn -Transit Company" Causes
' Heavy Damage and Ties .
— Up Car I/ineB.
Blaze in the Power-House of Brook-
FIE CHEF'S
ACT OF BRAVERY
THE SAN; FIIANGISCO CALL, THURSDAYv DECEMBER >>. iyuu.
4
ELECTRICAL.
D. D. ¦WASS.
Electrical Ensln«er. 3$ East st.
oius. . "V . **
LUBRICATING OILS. LEOSARD * E1XJ3.
¦ 41S Fftont St., S. F. Fhon* Mala 1719.
PRESENTS WILL BE AWARDED ACCORDINfi TO NUMBER OF BANDS SENT IN
BEFORE CLOSE OF BUSINESS DECEMBER 31, 1900,
Giving Full Name and Address o! Sender, With Number of Bands.
SEND THEM TO
- -" -¦- ' ¦ ¦ -- ' 0 :
wellman, 111111 Iliiii^^i
ASK YOUR GENTLEMEN FRIENDS FOR
FONTELLA GIGAR BANDS.
22 VALUABLE ARTICLES GIVEN AWAY.
GOOD NEWS FOR THE LADIES!
NO. 6.
NO.s. '
To the next six sending. Rreatest number of
FONTELLA CIGAR Bands. ONE PAIR SORO
SIS SHOESTO EACH. VALUE $, £ P\IR
From THE ROYAL SHOE STORE, so Thfrd £
TjJv-rft 6 ! A C: ?T?'f!j' e 4 end j n S Rreatest number of
FONTELLA CIGAR Bands. ONE PAIR TFV
TEMERI KID GLOVES TO EACH. VALUE
Port StarJet" Fr ° m R CENTEMERI & CO.~2^
THESE .'ELEGANT GIFTS MAY BE SEEN'
AT THE STORES MENTIONED- THEY \RF
WELL WORTH AN EFFORT.
DEALERS IN CIGARS WILL NOT P\R
TICIPATE IN THIS OFFER.
The Reputation of WELLMAN, PECK & Cft is a flaarantee of Fair Distriboiibn:
Parties sending FONTELLA CIGAR Bands must reside in State
pf California, south of Oregon Line and north of Santa Barbara
Kern and San Bernardino Counties, or in State of Nevada.
1 DR. HALL'S KtLNYlGOlUTOSgPgjg
H Five hur.'lreJ reward for ar.y rSjbShI
case we cannot cure. This secret «' ma
M remedy stopa all losses in 24 hours. K^
n cures Emissions. Impotwncy. Vart- j^a E2M
Si cocele. Gonorrhoea. Gleet. j"U8. r^Tl |ViliJ
~ Stricture*. l-<«>t Manhood and *ii w^l Jrjt*g
2 wasting effects of *«»£-• J U ,*S °i fek^
B excesses. Sent sealed. « bottle • 5 ¦"' Ad .
a bottles. »3: suarantee.1 tc .cure "^TUTTE
i B^S^B%§
3 cur*d. i^L f 25lH!!lJ^_: •
O , m e oil « non-polmaona
H j£468BBBto52£& remedy for Gonorrhoea,
n V HVf,Z^« Whitt*. unnatural di>
SI KSV« E! " <lS r l * i^a Sold by DrnsrsLU,
a 1^raffV> 1 u<-^^yj fl.OO. or 3 bott'.w. M.T3.
3 *+^I^J^^Jt^- B CL "Ur sent ca rsqueai
I Weak Men and Women
5 C^ HOrLJ.> VSE DAMIA.NA DITTERS.' THS
• >l O cr«at il«tcan remedy: gives health and
1 3 iinnsUi W sexual crjaea. Dtpot, K3 Market.
WHITE 1SB STEAM C0AL,^^ e b^^
PIAXIOSD COAL. MINING CO.. at Its OREE>f
RIVER COLLIERIES, is the Best Coal In ta*
marktt. Offle* and Yards— CO Main »tr»»t.
STATIONER AND PRINTER;
xe^pMc PARTRIDGE «* r
NO. I.
For ereatest number of, FONTELLA CIGAR
Bands. LADIES' TAILOR-MADE SUIT. VAL-
UE $60.00. Made to order by S. KRAMER. 220
Powell Street.
NO. 2. ,
Second greatest number of FONTELLA CIGAR
Bands, COAT OR CAPE, VALUE $40.00.
From R. D. DAVIS & CO., cor, Geary and Grant
NO. 4-
-Third greatest number of FONTELLA CIGAR
Bands. PATTERN HAT, VALUE $25.00. From
ALMA KEITH, 808 Market street.
Fourth Kreatest number of FONTELLA CIGAR
Bands; OPERA. GLASSES, VALUE $10.00.
From HENRY KAHN & Co., 642 Market Street.
PRINTERS. BOOK BINDERS.
THE HlCKS-JUtm CO..
V.- - U First sU Saa Francisco.
J.O'BRIEN&CO.
WILL PLACE ON SALE THIS DAY
SURPRISINGJARGAINS.
ioo LADIES' GOLF CAPES, 25 inches long; tfJQ Cft".;-
\-alue for $6 50. ' Sale price this day. ..... . U Ui J U.
100 LADIES' DRESS SKIRTS, 7 flare, in light and Ox-/
ford grays; t»alue for $5 00. Sale price this 0 Q T fl
dav. . ... - ...'.. 0/,j UU
iipiiiii
1146 Market Street.
.. pajnts: -
Cylinder & Lubricating OU». Schneider's Mtnln*
¦ Candles. C. O. CLINCH A CO.. 9 Front's. F.
PRINTINO:
F f HlIfiHF^ ¦" " printer.
METAL.
Extra llnotjrp* « n <* stereotype metal. PaelRa
Metal Wcrks. 137-5 First «t.. ?an Francfjco.
OALVANIZINO AND MBTALSj -
Iff*. * Dealer la Metals & Galvanizing. 3O11S
FINN METAL WORKS. 315 Howard »t.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JA^. RftYF^ & f ft Shippln* ButchersL- 10*
J A3- DU Itift C-U- clay. Te^. Main 1534.
COPPERSMITH.
CW Ehlp PJambins. Steamboatt ana
• TT- dJllill' ship Work a specialty, li aai
13 WashJnyton it Telephone Main »ML
COAL. COKE A>D PIO IRON.
I C Ull SftV i^ f ft 8C0 Battery Streets
J-W- niLOlM tt WU-, Telephone Mala 1SS4.
ATTORNEY.
F. H. MERZBACH, lawyer. ' ?1
tto California »t.. CTanlr buildlns.
on Application.
0% a IIII I A I-aTIn A Rand Wat«rprr.>£
I || §Wl|» Smokeless Powder, ta bi^<
I n 8 Ilia anJ lcacle < 1 ln "hells. S*n(J
all ilni ¦ (or catalorue of »pcrt:n<
U Uf I \fl %& « ocds - GE^>- w - SHREVE.
133 Market ut.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
OB, MEYERS & CO,
Specialists. Disease
and weakness of
men. Established
1S8L Consultation
and private book
free, at office or by
_ioalL Cures guar-
anteed. 731 Mar-
fcet street (elevator
entrance). San
Francisco.
PILES CURED
Or we will pay any one $25 who cannot bo
with one box of Veraa Pile Cure. Price
$2.00. Over 10.000 cured. No failure.
"I had Protruding Piles many year*.
Tried every remedy I heard of and had
them cut out twice. I despaired oC a
cure until I tried Verus Pile Cure. r
was never so surprised in my life to f.n«l
myself, cured before using half a box. Ic
Is indeed wonderful.
Or the old and reliable Ellington Drti?
Company, AgentH. Fourth and Spring
street?, Los .-* -iseles. C'aL
"E. P. WEIDNER.
'11TS Fifth St.. De3 Moines. Iowa."
VERUS PILE CURE CO.. Hm. 226. WilsolWocl
SICK 'HEADACHE
eoammiy cored by tbeae
JLittle Pills.
They a!?o r«!ieve Distress from DppapA*
tndjgestfaa and Too Hearty Eating. A per.
feet remuly tor Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi.
ness, Bad Taste In the Mouth, Coated Tongm.
Pain fa the Side. TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Puxely Vegetable. .
Small Pin. Small Dose.
\ Sma!! Priced
ADVERTISEMENTS.President Entertains Committee on
PRESBYTERIANS VISIT
J ::. EXECUTIVE MANSION
the Revision of the Confes
sion of Faith.
WASHINGTON. Dec 5.— The special
committee of sixteen appointed by the
last Presbyterian Assembly to report to
the next greneral meeting on the question
of a. revision of the confession of faith
continued its sessions to-day. At the
close of the day's business the announce
ment was made that nothing had been
done beyond discussion of the question
under consideration.
During the afternoon the committee was
received by Presidant McKinley at the
White House. The members were shown
through the executive mansion and tho
President and former President Harrison
spent some time in a social chat.
Hush nrwi, San Fran'-jsco; J. J. Crawford.
<".aus S]>ro<'kelR buildirK. San Francisco; B. N.
Shw-rnft.. Crocker buil-ilncr. San Francisco: M.
E. IJlttmar. Ucldlng. Cal.; I^oul- <;ia.«s. 256
j3<i*Ii *rrc«»t.. San Francisco: L. P. Crane. Mills
».u'.k:ine. San Frar.ct«-o; Dr. C. T. Deane. 60«
H-itttr Etreet, San Francisco; David HcClure
Jr.. Gwin Min*. Calaveras County. Cal. 5
«i«orjre K. l>ow. Fr?t and Howard streets. San
FranciFd: J. V". C. Slaxwril, 32ft Sansome
t=tr«?<-t Fan Francisco: C M. Btlshav. Antioch.
Cal.: E. A. Bfl<h*>r. City Hall. San Francisco:
V. V. Hammon. Oroville, Cal.: J. P. Halloran.
Z"'< Markft street. San Franr-isco: John lie-
Murry. S05 Sutter street. San F.rancisco; W. S.
K>y«»i,' Pacific Union Club. San Francisco; W.
H. McClintock, Sonora. Ca!.: Willis G. Dodd.
222 Market street. San Francisco; Dan T. Cole,
Executive committee at larpe— Hon. 3. H.
N>ff. 11^4 O'FarrHl str««t. San Francisco; W.
•". Ual^tcn. Kobirson«. Cal : Tircy L. Ford,
Oauf Sprf-rkflF *huil-JinK. San Francisco: A.
1> Fpote, Crass* Valley, Cal.; Edward Cole
n .,-,. ',' ¦! Franklin street. Pan Francisco:
"'urt:* H. Lindl«v. -30 California street. San
Krarcisco; <_*harl«»f! O. Yal»*, l"nlt«"d States
Vint. San Fran<-l*eo; W. W. M-jntapu*-. 110.:
E. C. Voorh^i?. prudent of the Cali
fornia Miners' Association named- the fol
loirlng committees yesterday, the chair
man <jf tho sub-committees to serve as
*-x-offir:o member* of the executive com
ndltce at large:
Committee on dams — A. Camlnettl. chairman.
Jackaon: John Spauldlng. Auburn; Fred
Searls, Nevada City: J. S. McBride. North
San Juan; Mark B. Kerr. Grass Valley: A. C.
Hinkson, Sacramento; James O'Brien. Smarts->
vlUe; W. B. Meek. Smartsvllle.
Committee on department of mines- and min
ing—Hon. W. C. Ralstson, chairman. Robin
sons; Irving M. Scott. 222 Market street, San
Francisco; J. F. Halloran, S30 Market street,
San Francisco: Charles G. Yale. United States
Mint, S«n Francisco; W. S. Keyes, Pacific
Union Club, San Francisco.
Comm:ttee on finance — Andrew Carrlpan
fchairman). 21 Beale street, San Francisco; Jo
ser>h SIcsp, Mlpnion and Fremont Btreets. San
Francisco; Willis «. Dodd, 222 Market street.
San Franctw:cv.
Committee on legislation— Hon. J. F. Davis,
chairman. Jackcon; Curtis H. Lindley, 530 Cal
ifornia street. San Francisco; W. B. Lardner.
Auburn; J. R. Tyrrell, Grass Valley: W.i C.
Balston. Kobtnsons: Fred L. Stewart. Jackson;
F. S. Moody. 422 Townsend street. San Fran
cisco; A. E. Muenter, Lathrop.
Committee on mineral lands — John M.
Wright, chairman, Mills bulldlnr, San Fran
cisco: Charles G. Yale. United Sta.tes Mint,
San Francisco; Mark B. Kerr, Grass Valley;
H. IS Picket. Plaeerville; B. S. Rector. Ne
vada City.
Ounty executive committee— Alameda— Frank
A. l^ach. l.'nited States Mint. San Franci«co;'
Prr.f«-F!«-ir S. B. Christy. B-rkeley. Amador—
J. F. f';.rks, Jackson: John R. Tregloan, Ama
dor. Butte — O. P. OrmFby, Oroville; Frank \V.
Orlffin. Oroville. Calaveras— F. F. Thomas.
<Jwln Mine; A. J. MeSorley. San Andreas. El
I>omdo— \V. A. Wins-boro. Mills bulldlnp. San
Francisco; CL H. Weatherwax, Plaeervilte.
Fresno— A. K. Brisks. Fresno; \V. H. McKen
zi<*. Fresno. Inyo — J. J. Gunn. Ind^p^ndprict ;
J. E. M^roney, Independence. Kern— B. T.
Frlcf\ Kernville; J. B. Treadwell. Kern City.
Marimba— A. H. Ward. 71 Stevenson Etreet.
San Francisco; X. C. Ray. Coultervllle. Mono
—It. T. Pierce. L,undy; J. S. Cain. Hodle.
Xorthf-rn California— C. C. Buoh. Kedding; C.
I>. Ctalv'.n. Weaverville; E. B. Bdeon. Gazelle.
Ncva<i;i--.l. S. McBride. North San Juan: W.
K. F.nplrtiriKht. Nevada City. Ple.cer— F. Ctiap-
I'»llet. 214 Pine etrtet. San Francisco; Ivan H.
Parlsw. <>>!fax. Plumas— A. B. White. Spanish
P.anrli; c. W. Chejn»y, 120 Sutter street.
SloriT.— F. S. Moody, 422 Townsend street. San
Frmnclaco: Frank K. W»he. l>ownlevlll«».
Shasta— I^wls T. Wright. Kexwlck; Fred
Hum, Kfddinp. Solano — A. C. Holly. Dixon;
Alfred Yrejridito, Vallejo. Santa Clara — Thomas
Derbv. New Almaden; Hllard W. Carson. Xew
Almadf-nl Snn Francisco— J. O. Herrin. 21
Frtraont street: L. W. Harris, Sacramento and
l.>n.'inni etro-et». Hacramento — J. H. Batcher.
Sacramento; A. C. Hlnkson, Sacramento. So
noma—Alfred Abbey, Nevada block, San Fran
cisco: C. A. Grimmer, Pine Flat, Sonoma.
Southern California— II. Z. Osborne. 740 South
Hop» street. Los Angeles: C. A. Burcham. 2400
South Flower Ptrest. Los Angelen; Daniel Mur
phy. 94S Beacon street, Los Angeles. Tuolumne
— W. R. GIMr Bonora; O. F. Greely. Sonora.
Yuba— \V. B. Me*>k, Smartsvllle; Joseph Durfee,
Smartsville.
United States Mint, San Francisco: Harold T.
Power. Mkliitcan Bluff, Cal.
E. C. Voorheis Appoints Men Who Will Conserve Inter
ests of Delvers for Minerals During Ensuing Year.
MINERS' ASSOCIATION PRESIDENT
NAMES THE VARIOUS COMMITTEES
oi any Irregular practices regarding the
issuance of diplomas during his connec
tion with the college. v
"Dr. Anderson had charge of passing
upon the credentials of those students
whosS advanced standing would permit of
their taking a shorter course. He re
ceived all the fees and deposited them In
the bank to his personal credit, as he did
all other funds of the institution. "We
never'could get an accounting from him,
and this is what has probably given rise
to the statement regarding alleged Irreg
ularities. I do not think any member of
the faculty would willingly or knowingly
assist in any practices of this kind.
"If there is any trick or device that Dr.
Anderson can make use of for his per
sonal and financial advancement, for tho
glory of seeing his name in print or keep
ing himself In the public eye he does not
hesitate at the means or measures that
he will use to accomplish his ends. As
the head of the College of Physicians and
Surgeons he occupies, he thinks, a posi
tion second only to that of a president of
a great institution. Instead of a small
en© torn with Internal dissensions and be
tween whose faculty and trustees there
13 no single bond of unity," said Dr. Lairie
in conclusion. "I am out of It, glad of it,
and look for. more to follow In the same
P ath -" _-
PRESIDENT OF THE COLLEGE
AND TWO TRUSTEES WHO
RESIGNED.
"Dr. Anderson by these practices dis
gusted all except the members of the
board of trustees who were his personal
satellites. Dr. Hodghead. the editor of
Dr. Anderson's paper, over whom he
claims to hold the sword of Damocles,
was made dean of the faculty. Dr. An
derson always insisted that we should
meet in his office, instead of the college
building. Some of the members of the
board hesitated about violating the rules
of hospitality by talking out as they
would like in his office. So we went down
to the cojlege for a few meetings, but the
storm that broke around the doctor's ears
was so great that he maneuvered until he
could get us back to his' office.
"When the trustees at the time of the
purchase of the lot found that there was
not enough money on hand to meet re
quirements, we started out to get it. We
borrowed some from Davies, the janitor,
Mrs. Dr. Southard, Mrs. Winslow Ander
son, the head nurse of Dr. Anderson's
hospital, and a f«w others. On this money
we were paying 8 per cent interest. Dr.
Potter wanted the notes taken up at once,
but Anderson objected when it ¦ came to
those of his Immediate friends, who were
drawing good interest."
Dr. Lalne said that he had never heard
Dr. J. L. Lalne, who resigned; from the
board of trustees some- months. ago, .was
one of the prime movers in the estab
lishment of the college and made the
ilnancial arrangements, which led to the
purchase of the lot on Fourteenth street
and the erection of the present building.
"I left the board of trustees," said Dr.
I.aine last night, "more in sorrow than
in anger. I never did believe in a one
man institution and none such can be
successfully conducted. When the build
ing was projected I went out and found
the 'lot. Then at a meeting of the board
of trustees I asked how much money
there was in the treasury. Dr. Anderson
promptly answered about $11,000. I said
then we would go ahead and buy the lot.
But when we came to find out Just how
much money we had, we were several
thousand dollars short. I made an ef
fort to find out the condition of the treas
sury. but do as I could. Dr. Anderson
would not render an accounting. He
fought every motion looking to an exam
ination of the books. Swelling with im«
portance and a voice oftentimes hic
coughy, he would declare himself 'tho
whole thing." There was no getting an
accounting from him. -
"We objected to his receiving all the
funds of the institution. He constituted
himself treasurer, auditor and paymaster,
bU In one person. When bills were to be
paid he would draw a check for the
amount needed, turn it over to Dr. South
ard, who would pay out the money and
account for the amount received from Dr.
Anderson. /
That the position taken by Dr. Potter is
sustained by other members of the fac
ulty is evidenced by the resignations that
have been presented to the board of trus
tees. In addition to Dr. Potter, Dr. E. E.
Kelly, profe3->or of anatomy, and Dr. Al
fred E. Regensburger. professor of derm
atology, have already resigned. Dr.
Sophie B. Koblcke, adjunct to a chair of
gynecology, and I>r. \V. Freeman South
ard, are said to have asked that their
names be placed in the list of those who
have been proicssors and lecturers at the
institution. And there are more to follow
in their footsteps.
Dr. John H. Ilealy, one of the formor
superintendents of the City and County
Hospital, who achieved his due share of
newspaper notoriety during his incum
bency of that position, is a stanch sup
porter of Dr. Winslow Anderson's man
agement of the College of Physicians and
Surgeons.
"You will find all kinds of malcontents
among a large body of medical men."
said Dr. Healy, "and each man who can
not run the "institution" to suit himself
has a grievance. Dr. Potter is arrogant.
Dr. Regensburger is eccentric and Dr.
Inline. guve up his position as lecturer be
cause 1 advised him to on account of his
health. I might easily find similar ex
cuses for the conduct of each man."
Dr. Healy maintains that the standard
of studies at the college is as high as
that of any similar institution and that
the graduates thereof are just as compe
tent to lead a sick person through the
tortuous paths of illness as those of any
other.'
"Lots of men pass a good written ex
amination," said Dr. Healy, "who are net
fitted to be doctors. Their papers read all
right, they have to be marked with the
proper percentages and they get their
diplomas. But they,- never ought to bo
graduated."
Just when the trouble will end and how
many of the faculty will sever their con
nection with the institution is a question.
Dr. Winslow Anderson, the president, and
factotum of the college, says:
"The College of Physicians and "Sur
geons is filling a long-felt want. We are
giving exactly the same course as other
colleges and are maintaining a high stand
ard in examinations. We plucked at least
six at the last commencement because
they did not .come up to requirements. We
have an attendance of between 300 and 350
students In the three departments—medi
cine, pharmacy and odontology. There are
always some dissatisfied ones In every
faculty." but they are generally of small
caliber."
been made, either to the trustees or to the 1
original members of the college. i
14. - Though the law and our constitution I
provide that the board of trustees may con
sist of fifteen members every suggestion to add
to its number has been refused by several
members thereof, giving as a reason that a
small board Is easier to control than a large
one, or words of similar import.
15. One member of the board has publicly
taken the position (in which he has been sup
ported by -several other' trustees) that any
member of the faculty who says anything
against him Is a "traitor" to the college. Thl3
particular member is constantly making col
lege questions of his personal grievances,
thereby assuming that this college Is a "one
man school," owned by him and ruled by his
will. When other trustees support this posi
tion, as they have done, it shows a tendency
tcward a "one-man concern," which certainly
was far from the Intention of the incorporators
of the college and must eventually ruin the In
sMtution. Very respe^full^
Trustee of the College of Physicians and Sur
geons of San Francisco.
to-rpcflOO much Anderson," seems to be
I the slogan that calls the faculty
I of the College of Physicians and
It Surgeons, located on Fourteenth
street, between Valencia and Mis
sion, to arms. . Some there are who are
unkind enough to say that the practices
of some of the faculty are not in" strict
accord with the- tenets of the Hlppocratic
oath, taken on graduation from a recog
nized school of medicine. Others lay the
blame at the fioor of the president and
projector of the college, and many of the
professors have resigned their chairs In
order i that their professional standing
may not be tainted with the odor, color,
or whatever else it may be, of unprofes
sional conduct.
The College of Physicians and Surgeons
was organized about five years ago under
the provisions of the special law of the
State relating to "colleges and seminaries
of learning." Dr. Winslow Anderson, A.
M.. M. D., M. R. C. P. Lond., M. R. C. S.
Eng., etc., was the prime mover in the
organization of the college. He gathered
around him a staff of physicians who
were eminent in their, respective special
branches. Everything ..went - along har
moniously for a time, and then, the trouble
began and the doctors agreed to disagree.
The original prospectus of the college in
cluded only the practice of medicine.
Other branches were afterward- added,
pharmacy and odontology being the two
principal, and graduates of these branches
were turned loose to prey upon the public,
say the dissatisfied ones, under the guise
of M. D.'s and backed by a diploma from
the college.
Men who failed to pass their "exams"
at other colleges, it is claimed, went to
the College of Physicians and Surgeons,
where the payment of the $100 fee for-tui
tion per annum was the open sesame for
a diploma.
While no positive evidence exists that
diplomas were handed out on the same
principle as obtained in the notorious Bu
chanan Medical College of Philadelphia,
still members of the faculty do not like
the methods followed by the president and
the dean of the faculty. Dr. D. A. Hodg
head, who has an office in the private
sanatorium of Dr. Anderson, on Sutter
S Dr! Samuel O. L. Potter. A. M., M. D.,
M. R. C. P." Lond., late major and brigade
surgeon, U. S. V., professor of principles
and practice of medicine and clinical
medicine, is one of the most aggressive
lighters againsi the present management.
In a long communication, filed with the
board of trustees of the college, Dr. Pot
ter does not hesitate to express his
opinion in the strongest and most polite
English at his command.
In order to understand the situation it
should be noted that the College of Phy
sicians and Surgeons is. according to its
president, the outgrowth of a "long-felt
want." This "long-felt want" has result
ed in the purchase of a lot. the erection
j of a building and the engagement ot a
I corps of physicians and lecturers (who de
clare they have not been paid) at an ex
pense of some $40,000. A building and
loan association was found that was will
ing to advance the funds for the construc
tion of thf building and the purchase of
the lot. Since its organization about $80,
000 In tuition fees has been received by the
management. Where a large portion of
this has gone is what some of the pro
fessors and demonstrators would like to
know.
Of the staff of physicians which origin
ally composed the faculty a number have
resigned. So have a number of the trus
| tees, notably Dr. S. M. Mouser and Dr.
J. R. Laine.. They do not hesitate to say
that the practices of some of the mem
bers of the board of trustees were not
\ strictly up to the rules of good old Hip
pocrates.
The matter of the disruption among
the faculty, trustees and others interested
in the college may soon be taken into the
courts. Such an action is now impend
ing. But, as it is feared that this will in
jure the standing of the college, some
hesitancy has been displayed regarding
the commencement of legal proceedings.
Dr. Potter, in his letter of resignation to
the trustees, says:
The principal changes in policy and the chief
Injurious actions of administration to which
1 refer are as follows:
1. You have established a pharmaceutical
department, which was not Included in the
purposes for which the college was incor
porated. In this department you have issued
diplomas Identical in appearance and In ell
except a few Latin "tvords with our medical
diploma, thereby "covering" the possible ille
gal practice of medicine by pharmacists claim
ing: to be graduates of a college of physicians '
and surgeons.
2. You have permitted, if not encouraged,
the gradual abandonment of our original agree
ment, namely, that the dental department
should be subordinate to the medical, and that
the former should require its students to lake
all possible lectures and work under the medl-r
cal chairs. In place of this the dental depart
ment Is gradually assuming the position of an
Independent body and demanding control of Its
own teaching and the power to dismiss It*
teachers at the- will of one or two persons. It is
j shewing itself to be governed by different pro
! fefslonal and" financial principles from those
of the nWical department and has already re
ceived much more than its proper share of sal
aries, outtlt and expenditure?.
Z. You have departed from our original agree
nunt by dividing chairs 'without the consent
of their Incumbents and by Increasing the num
t«r of teaehTS published to the world as "pro
fessors." this latter to an inordinate degree.
4. you have published in official publication!*
the names of teachers as "professors" who
were not and are not professors in the college.
5. Students have been admitted to tho final
examinations who had not compiled with your
published rules as to attendance or payment of
fees. .
6. Students have been graduated who had
not settled in full with the college, contrary to
y«.ur published regulation*.
7. For over two years a vacancy on the com
mittee en advanced standing has .remained un
filled, leaving that important committee In the
hands of one person, who was during most of
the time the dean of the college also. The
result of this neglect is that students huve
been admitted to advanced standing without
having furnished the proper evidence for their
claims required by your rules, by the customs
of all flrst-class American medical colleges and
by the regulations of the State Board of Ex
aminers.
8 The faculty has been systematically ig
nored by the trustees, particularly in regard
to expenditures, money requisitions which were,
voted down almost unanimously by the faculty
having been appropriated by the trustees wlth
cut further reference or consultation. This
treatment of the men who are earning the in
come of the college may be legal, but it Is
not good policy. '
9 Expenditures have, from the- very begln
r.inr been lavish and. of ten unwise, among the
latter being those for entertaining visiting com
mittees, legal and legislative expenses, traveling
trips to the Eastern States, eta. all of which
heve been made without consulting the teaching
body which earns the Income of the college.
10. ' Purchases are and have been made in a
most unbusinesslike manner. This Is true of
even the largest purchases, no requirements
bring made as to receiving bids, but the pur
chaser's "O. K." being accepted at audit by
the board without question if the purchaser was
a trustee.
11. The business patronage of the college has
been used in many instances for the benefit
ot friends of certain trustees, without refer
•ence to the board for Its action.
12. The financial records of the college have
been and are still kept in such a manner that
no titatistlcal Information can be obtained from
them by individual trustees or committees
without employing an expert accountant at
heavy expense to unravel the maze. Two such
experts have been employed, both of whom
condemned our system of bookkeeping as In
comprehensible and unreliable.
13. Since the flr^t year of our existence no
annual detailed financial statement of the re
ceipts and disbursements of the college has
Professors Resign From Faculty and the Charge Is
Made That Diplomas Are Too Easily Obtained.
BIG SCANDAL IN COLLEGE
OF PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS
Growth of the . Principle of Liberty-
Traced to Its Historical
Source!
The principal feature of the meeting of
the British-American Union- in the Acad
emy of Sciences' Hall last night was an
address by Irving M. Scott. Mr. Scott's
lecture was a careful historical review of
the gTowth of the principles of liberty and
freedom from the days of the English
Puritans down to the re-election of Presi
dent McKlnley. The lecturer insisted con
stantly that the people, under God, are
the source of power.
After a song by Mrs. John J. TCewbegin,
with a violin obligate by Professor Keogh,
WVA. Nicholson addressed ¦ the meeting,
IRVING SCOTT SPEAKS
:¦{ : TO BRITISH-AMERICANS
explaining that he is an American who
highly approves of union between Great
Britain and the United States— not a po
litical union, but a union of ideas and
sentiments. He was followed : by Taliesin
JEvans, who declared that the Welsh
people had always been fully loya.1 to the
British empire.
Dr. d'Evelyn,. in a humorous speech.,
stated that the' British-American Union
has already established a system whereby,
Americans who are members of the union
may, on visiting Great Britain, be re-*
ceived into English homes and guided in
their study of the - points of * historical,
commercial and political interest. .--The
chair was occupied by William Greer Har
rison,' who; announced' that; on the' 19th
1nst. a. Tuletide festival will be given by
the society. The stage will be under the
direction of. Leo Cooper and the music
will be arranged by H. J. Stewart and
.Wallace I. Sabin.. . ... ;•
XttJS BAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 6, J1900.
r.
5
8 to 11:30 a. m. f
Christmas Present Specials |
For To-Day's Early Shoppers. j«
Dainty Christmas Gilt Books — The' "Ivory" Series, beautifully bound b >r
white vellum cloth with fancy stamped designs, 150 titles by such authors jt
as Dickens, Hawthorne, Irving, Goldsmith, Stowe, Tennyson, Browning, J
etc., etc.; publishers' price 50c per volume — %
» ; Frcm 8 to 11:30 To-Day 5
Sentimental Tommy — J. M. Barrie's masterpiece — publisher's price $1.50— "^
ico copies on sale — 3*
From 8 to U»30 to-day, V>Q *
very srec'a! price VQC "?
_^ ¦— s
jf^^^^^^^^rr^^3^_^ Sterling Silver Brvsh and Comb, in -<
y^lf^^g '^ *' '^ •"•'^¦^¦¦^^y) nca * sat i n lined box, the backs 9:5- «*
/•-^^ l^y^m^M^^^/7 1000 fine silver, regular price 52.00 •<
1 ''* ; < * for the set — yO sets cnlv — 3
From 8 to 11.30 To-D3y fr-f I r\ %
Our Special Price >| Ur\
" . >|
Magnetic Fish Pond — An improvement en thfc old style, in place of a hook &
at end of line, a horseshoe magnet is used; the fish are inclosed in box to jg
represent an aquarium — 'x
Frcm 8 to H:30 To-Day -g Q jj
Our Special Price IOC 5
Pull Boxes, Soap Boxes, etc^ beautiful imi- ucgggj^. 5
tations of fine art cut glass, with bright /^^^^wyyvvvv^^l "^
nickel tops, trimmed with gray bronze; /^^—^^raU^J^ 2^* 2^^:
if bought in the regular way could no: "Oili
be sold at less than 50c' each — 200 %V| : ,)j//Mf *
From 8 to 11,30 To-Day *%fl^ f
Sptcia! Price, Each.... $
y : y
¦ Ladies' KM Gloves 79c — Two ptent £
||j\q\ \Y\ s^ w » M «iaJL^ fasteners, latest stitch, silk embroid- -J
|^^^^^A\\\\^ Vs *^ >r "'" '^"'"T ered backs — black, browns, tans, .%
j — 7jr-\\'v\^ ' J 3 grays, modes and white — a good- jj
f&L /\\^\\ satisfactory glove — >
\XX sp«ci*l— per piir f VC "?
;!
9 to 1 2 a.m. P* OoI«f3«efl'Rl]l*& ttsCEAAl*. Advertis:mcnr s •
¦2. to 5 p. m. CALIFORNIA'S LARQEST-AJnERICA-5 GRANDEST STORE- To-Mcrrow. V
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
NorTiiKitN rtnnv conrANT.
(PACiriC STilTKU.)
Trnlns Irnff nml nre tins to nrrl v« »i
MAN FKANCIMW.
(Main Line. Foot or Market Street.)
lkatk — From Dicsmbsr L 1930. — arrive
•7:OOa Benlcia, Kulauii. Elmira. Vacstille.
Ramsey ami Ssersmento..... *7>(Sp
•7:O«» Bhuta. Express— D«vU. Williams (for
Baxtlett Springs), Willows. Red
Blufl, PorUand... «7t4!ap
•7:30a M»:Miim, San Usmoa. Vallejo. N&rA
OaUitoca and Santa Rosa •flillr
•§<OOa DatI*. Woodland. Knights Landing.
MarjSTille. Orotillo.. *7ifSp
• H:OA> Atlantis Kipress — Ogden and East *2:<.1f
•8:0oa Nfles, LiTermore, Itsct, Lathrop,
Stockton *7il3»
•SiSOa Ssn Jose, LiTermore, StocUton,
lone. Haeramento. FlacerTtlle,
MarysTllle. Chloo. Ue.l lili.fT. Mil.lr
•*i3Oa Oakd»lr. Chinese. Sonora. Carters... 'tiitir
•»:«<»» UsTwards, Nlles sod Way Btations. •! 1 «l»4
•0:OOa Los Aneeles Express — Martinez,
Tracr. Lathrop. btocktoD, Merced
Frenno snd Los Anffelss *7:15r
•0>a*A ViiHrJij. MsrtlnffiiBUU \V»f Buttons 'SiMf
•I«:OO» The O»orl»nd Limited — Ogden, Den-
»er, Omaha. Chicago •o:45f
¦IIiOOa Klles, Stookton, Haoramento, Men-
dota, Frrtao, Hauford, VlstlU.
Portertllle M«l»r
¦IIiOOa LiTermore. Saiizer. Goshen Jone>
tlon. Bskersfield. Los Aneeles
tl:O«p8acrauifiiti» Kiter tfte»m*rs f3iO«A
•3iO«p Hsywsrds, Nllrs aud Way Stations. *3t4Hp
•4:»«p Martinez, Han Kaniou. Vallejo,
Nspa. Call»toK». Hants llosa *«i1Sa
•lionr Bonicla, Winters. Hacramsnlo.
Wooillaml, KuUhts Jjindlug.
M«ryn»lll?, Orofille »«l»:<»4
•4i3OpHsywards, Nllesand San .lose t^ 1 **
•5s00r NUei, Lirermore acd Stockton * 10:43a
o3:00p Huoset limited. El Paso, Ntw ¦
Orleans and Kast. «10x13a
«.1:OOrTlis Onl Limited— Tracy. Kresno.
llnkersOeld. Haagns (or tianta Bar-
bara. I.os Aueeles MOil.1*
•3:0«p Jfew Orl'ani ExpTesi-HakenfleM,
Kitnt* linrbara. I/OS Augrles. l)f m-
lug. El Paso, New Orleans and
Hut ,. -THH*
•0:OOpnarwards,'Niles and San Jose *7it**
IOiOui- Vallejo Ml i-IIU
•0i0ttr Oriental Mail-Ogden, Cbejenne.
Omaha, Chicago «t:43p
••iOOp Orieolal Mall— Ogden, DenTer,
Omaha, Chicago. MtlSr
' •7i00p Oregon and California Kxiiresa.Hae- . -
ranienU). Murjmille. KeiMlny,
rortlaiKl. 1'nget Monml am) Kaat *S:43a
*8i«5p Ban Pablo. 'Port Costa, Mirtlnez
and Waj Stations... •11i4»a
t»lO»P Vallojo »11;43\
COAST l>l VISION (.NnrriiiT 4J>*.ms;e>).
(Foot of Market .Street.)
•sil-iA Nenrark.OVntnrtille.HanJoiie.Fpltoii,
Boulder Crrek,8anta Cms and Way
StaUons »«i»Op
fSilSr Newark, CenterTllle. Han Joie, Mew
AInuden, Fulton, Moulder Creek,
Santa Crux and Principal War
Stations fl»t.1«t
•«il. IF- Newark. Han Jose, Los Oatos *8<»Oa
al I t-tSr Hunters' Exaurzion, San Joia and
Way Buttons t?t»Op
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
frtnSlK Fl 1 (CISCO— Fist «r Ktrkit Slnit(S!i? 8) —
t7:16 9:00 11:00a.m. 1:33 3:03 B:03r.».
rnaOilURD— Nil •( grttiwir.— 1<«:00 t»:00 tS:05
10:00a.m. ¦ 11:03 8:08 4:03 'S:0flr.U.
COAST ItlTISION (Kroad Mange).
(Third nml Townseml Sts.)
t«ilO\ Ocean View, Soiitn Man Kranciscn.. \»>»ne
•7:00a Ran Joie and U'»y Sutlnus (New
Almaileii Wsilneadaisnnly)....... *liB«P
••tOO* Ha:i .lues. Tres Pinos. SauU Crux,
Paellle Oro.e. I'aso llobles. fian "
l.uls Ol.lnpo. ¦ Surf, Loiupoc aud
l'rlncliiat Way Stations : M«IOp
•IOi4n* San Josa and Way Htttlous ••»«»*
•I IiSOa Han .loss au<1 Way SUtlous ........ •Si»Op
t»il-"kr San Mateo, Itedwood. Menlo Park, ?¦:..-
Palo Alto. ManU Clara. Han.lnse.
Tres Pinos. 8auta Crux, Salinas.
Monterey and I'adflc UruTS flOsBII*
ta>»Op Han Joseand Way Stations *7i3Or
t l:ISp Sail JoseaiKl Principal Way Stations *»t43*
ttiowp San Jose, Los Qatos and Principal '•<••
Way Stations ?»iOO»
•S<30p Han .lose au.l Princirtat Way Statious *Mi33*
•ihnopSanJoasaml Way Stations t":«»A
all:4»p San Jcse»u>l W»y Kutinns ' *7:30p
• A for Morning. 1' for Afternoon. ; '
•Dally. t SmMay exrepted. I Sunday ooij. -
g J ton Jays. Wednesday*. Fridsyi. : . j ,
e Tuesdays, Tbursdiys, Sundays.
.. a Saturday onlr • .
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
. V Via Sausallto Ferry.
Commrat'.ng September 3U. 1904.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL, VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEU *
WEEK DAYS-«:55, •9:15, 11:00 a-'m.. •!:«.
8:15. 4:00, 6:15. •6:15, 6:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays and Sat-
urdays at 9:00 and 11:35 p. on. ••¦>
SUNDATS-»8:00. "10:00, •11:30 ?a. m.. 'lrli
S:!5. "4:45. 6:30. 9:00 p. m.
Trains marked (*) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:20, »S:30. 7:45, »:3O a. m.
•12:30, 1:45, *3:30, 4:30. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:20 p. ra.
SUNDAYS-«:20. «8:00, 10:00. »11:45 a. m
•1:40. »2:1S. 4:45. '*C:30 p. m. *
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln.
FBOM MILL VALLEY TO SAX FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-«:45, 6:45. 7:55. 3:30 a. ra..
13:35. 2:10. 3:30. 4:54. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:05. 10:05 a. no., 12:05. 2:15, 3:30,
5:00, 6:45 p. m.
THROUGH TRAIN& r r ; .
6:65 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
1:45. p. m. Saturdays — Tomales and way sta-
tions. • . ¦
8:00 a. m, Sundays— Tomales and way sta-
tions. . .- . ¦¦•¦
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN BY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
TIBUROX FERRY-FOOT OF MARKET 8T.
Son Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DATS— 7:30. »:0O. 11:00 a. m.; 1S:3S. 3 i>.
CIO. <:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip at 11:.". >
p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at l:5u miid
ll:S0 x>. m.
SUNDATS-8:0O. »:30. 11:00 a. m.: 1:30. S:30. 5:C0.
1:20 p. in.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DATS— «:10. 7:60. 9:W>. 11:10 a. m.; 12:«,
1:40. 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at |»J
and 1:33 p. m.
EUNDAYS-S:10. 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:49. 3:40. 5:05.
C:23 n. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuatzen Park.
nmt schedule as above.
Leare I In Effect I Arrive
Ban Francisco. I X«t. 7. 1900. I flan Francisco.
Week I Sun* I I Sun- I Week
Days. | days. [ Pectination. [ days. | Days.
7:80 am S:00am Novato. 10:40 amj S:40 am
t:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluroa, 4:06 pm,10:25 an
t:10pm 8:00 pm Baata Rosa. 7:35 pm| «:» pra
Fulton.
7:30 am "Windsor. 10:t5 am
Healdsburj.
Lyttoh.
Geyservllle.
8:80 pm 1:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 8:23 pm
7:30 ami T Hopland J j
I 8:00 ami and Uklah. | 7:33 pmf «:23 pm
7:30 amj W:M am
S:00 am Guemevllle. 7:3S pm
3:30 rm] «:3 pm
7:3} am 8:00 am Sonoma I 9:15 am t:40 am
and 1
E :10 pm E:0Opm Glen Ellen. [8 :05 pm 8:22 pm
7:30 am) 1 :0O ami 110:40 am|10:2S am
3:30 pm| 5:00 pmf Sebastopol. I 7:35 pmj «:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Eprlngs and white Sulphur Springs : at Fulton
for Altruria; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs: at Cloverdal*
for tbe Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs, Highland Springs, KelseyvMe, Carls-
baa Sprlncs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uktah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside. L.lerley*a. Bucknell's.
ganhedrln Heights, Hullvllle. Orrs Hot Springs.
Mendocino City. Fort Braetr. "Westport. Usal,
' Wlllets. Laytonvlle.. Cummtnss. B«H's Springs.
Harris. Olsens. Dyer. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at r»-
duceoT rates. •
On Sundays, roand-trlp tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rataa.
ticket office. 650 Market St.. Chronicle build-
log R. X. RYAN'.
H. C WH1TINO. Gen. Pass. Agt.
Oen. Manacer. >
Santa Fe
Trains— DaJiy
Leave Mortst-stnset Tarry Dcsot.
fcv». San Franclsoo.l »:C0 a m|4:10 p ml t:(* p n»
Axr. Btocktoo l*:30 p m 7:15 p m 11:05 p n»
" Mercwl *:41 p m — — 1:11 a ra
•• Fresno 4:» p m l«»o
•* Vlss.Ha ........ 0:00 p m *:*0 a ra
•• Tulare «:22 P m 1:10 a m,
• Kantont 8:83 p m 7:0« a m
*¦¦ Bakarsfleld ... 1:30 pm 7:30 a n
•• l>*nv«r l»:00 a m ¦
•» Kansas City... 5:15 P n»
** Chicago 7:40 am | •
t a. m. train Is the Overland Kzprvsa. Corrs-
«sondlns train arrives at • p. ra. dally.
4 :10 p. m. Is Stockton Local. Corresponding
train arrlvsa 11:03 a. m. dally.
1:00 p. m. Is Fresno and BalrejaflAtd Express,
¦with Sleeping Cars for both cities. Corrsspcn<l>
U>k train arrive* at 8 a. in. dally.
OmCES— 441 Market St. and In Ferry D*po4W
Ban. Francisco: 1113 Broadway. Oakland.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leaves 8an Francisco, via Sausallto Fwry:
WEEK DAT3....S:15 a. ra.; 1:«5 and 4:00 p. nv
SUNDAYS 8:00. 10:00. 11:30 and l:li p. au
Fare, Pan Francisco to Summit and Retam.
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALFAI3 NOW OFE*.
Ticket offices. Kl Marktt St.. Sausallto Fsrry,
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 HEARST ST. KstabUsh.-.l
In 1S34 for the treatment nf I'rlVMb*
Dint-use*. Ixwt Manhood. Debility or
<llseas<* wearlnron body and mind atxl
Skin Diseases. The iJoctorcures-vrhen
others fall. Try him. Charges low.
<urr<cu»r»ntrea. Call or write.
I>r. J. *•. OIBBOM. Ban Francisco. Cat.
X£||^33U MARKET ~ST.Sl\a&*
fioBr Call $i.oo .jurlnr
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Substantial Men
Cannot be well fitted unless their apparel
Js made to order. -\y ¦__ lt
The 5ults at Joe Poheim. the Tailor, are
pprfect. tfving: a man perfect form, look
Ing etylish and made at moderate prices.
Fine Piouc suits to order.^..^.^.^^^
Business suits In all shades.... ....-
8i;t.r»o to w.i.»
Pants »4.5O to »1'2
JOE POHEIM,
S01 and 203 Montgomery street, S. F.
1110 and 1112 Market street. S. F-
143 S. Spring street, Los Angeles.
r THE HILSON CO . Makers. N. Y.
tin. SADLER * CO., Diitrlbcteri, 8ia francisc*.
Rn Hoffmanettes fin
Jb cigar. JU
SPECIAL
TELEGRAPHIC LIST
(First 36 Prizes)
KENTUCKY
I IbTTkRY
MONTH OF DECEMBER.
Drawn Wednesday, Dec. 5.
79705. - $15,000
76321... ----- 4,000
19791 -- 2,000
18862-. 1»00p
83889— .:*----.-- 500
43951 500
78131.- --- 200
15988- ---- 200
66270. -------- 200
9152-- 200
53296.. - 200
66756-------- '->. 60
8553--------- 60
10218------ - 60
70089----------- 60
68429--------- 60
1909 -- 60
71757 — 60
A f\A fc A CsO
401 b4.'. --------- - • >; - DU
5246-. ---------- . 60
61790- ----- 60
11900 -------- 60
72156----------- 60
9641--- --- 60
23675..- — ------ 60
34402---. — - — 60
34564..---- ----- 60
37573-- .— . 60
70250------ 60
48972------ 60
65641---------- 60
74463------------ 60
69238--- — - 60
72675- --- — --. 60
16093--------- -60
72663. — — ---- 60
The above is for $1 tickets; 50c and 25c
tickets in proportion. -
RAH.R0 AD TRAVEL.
No tlssu?. function or organ of the body
escapes its ravages; muscles wither,
nerves shatter snd secretions dry up
under its blighting presence. So stubborn
and difficult of cure is this disease that to
invent a remedy to cure chronic catarrh
has been the ambition of the greatest
minds in all ages.
Is it. therefore, any wonder that the
vast multitude, of people who have been
cured of chronic catarrh by Peruna are
so lavish in their praise of this romedy?
That the discovery of Peruna has made
the cure of catarrh a practical certainty
is not only the testimony of the people.
hut many medical men declare it to be
true.
A« a drug store in this age of the world
5s incomplete without Peruna. it can be
obtain***! anywhere with directions for use.
A complete guide for the prevention and
cure of catarrh and all diseases' of win-
ter cent free by The Peruna Medicine Co.,
Columbus. Ohio.
invalid
Cough takes the place of conversation,
speech gives way to spitting, the repulsive
odor? of chronic catarrh poison the kiss
of the fondest lovers, and thickened mem-
branes bedirr sight, impair hearing and
destroy taste.
. Like the plague-stricken Egyptians a
cry of distress has gone out from every
household, ard the mildew of woe clings
to every hearthstone.
Catarrh in some form, catarrh in some
stap-e lurks as an enemy in the slightest
cough or cold and finishes its fiendish
work in heart disease and consumption.
turns to tbe sallow, haggard visage- of the
MRS. F. J. LYNCH.
Mrs. F. J. Lynch. 224 South Division street. Grand Rapids, Mich., writes:
The Peruna Medicine Company. Columbus. Ohio:
MRS. F. J. LYNCH, GRAND RAPIDS, MICH A
'Gentlemen — "/ earnestly recommend Peruna to any suffering
women as it cures quickly. I had a most persistent cough which
nothing seemed to cure. Two bottles of Peruna did more for me
than all the doctors seemed to do. In a couple of weeks I found
myself in excellent health, and have been enjoying it ever since,
/fence I look on Peruna as a true friend to women."
Chronic Coughs
and Colds Are
Catarrhal
Diseases.
Catarrh Is the Contin-
ual Scourge of
Christendom.
• "atarrh hovrrs ominously over e\"ier>-
rity. and nestles treacherously in every
hnmlet. It flies with vampire wir.g? from
country to e-ountry and casts a black
t-hadow of d«-sr»nir over all lands. It.-?
*-t« r nlTh\' apprt>?.<-h and its lingering- stay
rnakf-s it a dro.id to the physician and a
pest to the patient
It change!? the merry !aug-h of childhood
to the wno^zy br^ashins ot croup, ard the
Fori»f of the blushing maiden to the hol-
l-.w couRh of consumption. In Its wither-
ing prasp the rounded form of the fond
v.ifr p.nd mother becomes gaunt and spec-
tral, and the healthy flush of manhood
THE EMPORIUM.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE EMPORIUM.
A NARROW ESCAPE.
A GRATEFUL WOMAN.
4 o-*-o- # "C-»-o-»-o-»-o-»-O'*- o*o*e«-c*o*o*c*c*c*5*s*c*o ¦•• o-^o-^o-»o-»-o-»-o-»-
o ?
c .,¦ -
yrk f wky-^k II \\\ IOther women present reported similar
instances of rudeness. Mrs. Sarah Frost,
president of the leagrue, said:
Much annoyed, the. lady from the sub
urbs went out on the platform and re
buked the conductor for his careless use
of the vocal organs. He only glared at
her and said:
"What do you expect. for $3 a week? A
tenor solo?"
"Uf ty-umpth !" said the conductor.
car. Being a resident of the suburbs ehe
was unfamiliar with the streets of New
York, and was much confused by the. jar
g-on used by the conductor. When she
thought she must have arrived near her
destination the conductor poked his head
into the car and said:
"Umpty bazazas!"
"What street did you say?" demanded
the passenger. .
FASHION HINT FROM PARIS.
"Could you do somethin' fer a pore ole
sailor?" asked the wanderer at the eate.
"Pore ole sailor?" echoed the lady at
the tub.
"Yes'm. I follered th» wotter fer twen
ty years."
"Well." said the lady at the tub. after
'a critical look, "you certainly don't look
as if you'd ever ketched up with it," and
resumed her Delsartean exercises of de
terrence.—Indianapolis Press.
W. D. Sanborn, general agent of the
Burlington In this city, left last night for
New Mexico and Arizona, to b« gone
about ten days.
Chicago, where he attended meetings of
the Transcontinental Passenger Associa
tion.
The most serious setback which American jockeys
appear to have received in their struggle against the
prejudices of British sports is that they are unquali
fiedly indorsed by Richard Croker. Jt is sometimes
best to be protected against our friend*.
< E. , O. McCormick, general passenger
traffic manager of the Southern Pacific," is
Axaected home Friday, from St. Louis and
George ;B. Dunbar, a prominent Chicago
merchant, is at the Palace -with his : wife.
J. H. Henry of San Jose is at th» Pal
ace.
H. B. Huntingrton has gone to New
York.
Dr. F. M. Archer of Redding Is. at the
Grand.
Senator B. F. Longford of Stockton Is at
the Lick. 7. ;
Professor - E. A. Ross Is registered at
the California. .
State Superintendent of Schools Thomas
J. Kirk Is at the Lick.
T. C. White and O. J. Woodward of
Fresno are at the Lick.
David Starr" Jordan registered at the
Occidental last evening.
Easton Mills, a Paso Robles mining*
man. is at ' the Occidental.
; Edward A. Meserve, a Los Anjeles at
torney, is registered at the Grand.
George H. Bain}, a MarysvlUe fruit
man, registered at the Lick yesterday.- ¦
PERSONAL MENTION.
BEIGE COLORED CLOTH MANTLE.
The- engraving represents a three-quar
ter mantle of beige colored cloth and vel
vet. It Is loose In front, and fastens be
neath a ruche of mousseilne de sole
matching! the cloth. The collar, lapels,
ends of the sleeves and two flounces
round the bottom are of marqno velvet,
edged with ruches.
THE action brought on Tuesday by E. M. Far
rell in which he asks the Justice's Court to de
cree to him the return of five cents illegally col
lected by Wells. Fargo & Co. for the payment of the
corporation's war taxes on five packages "of merchan
dise tendered for transportation may seem a small af
fair to the ordinary reader, yet it involves a principle
which ought not to be regarded lightly in this juris
diction.
The war revenue act was enacted by Congress in
June, 1898. and Wells. Fargo & Co. has ever since
managed to make its patrons in California pay the
taxes imposed upon it by that statute. Every effort
to bring the tax-shirking corporation to terms has
been evaded, either by open defiance of the decrees
of the courts or by cleverly manipulating the litiga
tion brought to determine the illegality of its posi
tion. These taxes have been computed to amount to
$10,000 a month in this State alone. Ever since June,
1898, therefore, our people have been paying that
amount monthly for the luxury of patronizing an un
patriotic, hypocritical, tax-shirking corporation.
It has been fortunate for- the express company that
the amounts of which it defrauds its patrons in de
tail are small. If they had amounted to more than
one cent in any individual case probably it would
long ago have been brought to terms. But it appears
that so long as people are robbed in California of one
cent at a time they will submit to the outrage. In
Mr> Farrell, however, the community is to be con
gratulated on having discovered a public-spirited 1
citizen who is willing to hire a lawyer and make a
fight.
No decision by any court in the country, from the
Supreme Court of the United States down, has ever
justified Wells, Fargo & Co. in maintaining the po
sition it assumes with reference to these war taxes.
Two local Judges have decided against it, and half
a dozen tribunals in the East have made similar
rulings. In all these cases it-has been held thatun
der the revenue law the corporation must affix stamps
to its bills of lading and pay for them. The Supreme
Court of the United States, in the celebrated case of
the American Express Company vs. Maynard, con
curred in the view taken of «the duties of the express
companies, but held that the tax could be shifted by
the' express incorrigible.
i "The facts cited by the writer attest the value of the
rating system and its essential accuracy. It also shows
to what extent railway economics are indebted to
mathemetical science. Much has been saved to the
road by these calculations, and the men who have
worked them out for the company may be well es
teemed among its most useful employes.
After a careful and elaborate explanation ' of the
data upon which the calculations are based and the
methods of working out the problems of rating. Mr.
Worthington gives several illustrations showing how
closely the results of actual operation accord with
those of theoretical estimates. A single one will suf
fice here. Mr.AVorthington says: "Test No. 1 was
from Tucson to Gila Bend, 128 miles. Our figures
showed that a load of 2600 Ms net weight of train
should be taken with a 'D A* ten-wheeler, with
helper, over the Estrella Hill in 5 hours and 15 min
utes, net running time between stations (excluding
stops); the actual performance was 2623 Ms in, 5
hours and two minutes."
The object of the rating is to determine what work
can be accomplished by a given locomotive on a given
track within a given time, in order that the managers
of the road may make the fullest and most economical
use of the power at their disposal. It is. stated that
the first tonnage rating was introduced by. General
Manager Kruttschnitt on all Pacific system divisions
July I, 1897, and of the results the writer says: "The
year previous to its introduction the tons of revenue
freight per freight engine mile averaged 188. \ Dur
ing the two years following July 1, 1897, this load in
creased to 207 tons, while in the third year, or year
ending June 30, 1900, it had grown to 235 tons. The
new tonnage ratings were put into general effect in
the spring of 1900, and for seven months ending Sep
lember 30, 1900, when they were generally used, the
Pacific system load per freight engine mile increased
to 251 tons of revenue freight, or one-third more than
it was in 1897 before we had the tonnage rating sys-
TONNAGE RATING Of LOCOMOTIVES.
AT the November meeting of the Pacific Coast
Railway Club a paper was read by B. A.
Worthington and printed in the "official pro
ceedings" which shows in a striking' manner the ac
curacy with which it is now possible to calculate the
working power of railway engines. The paper,' which
bears the title, "Tonnage Rating of Locomotives." is
of a highly technical nature and reveals the author'?
possession'of a thorough mastery of the subject.
Ladles and children traveling without «scort
appreciate the advantage of a solid restlbuled
train like "The Overland Limited." runnins
through from San Francisco to Chicago, with
out change, IX LESS THAN THREE DATS.
Leaving San Francisco dally at 19 a. m.. rla
Central Pacific. Union Pacific and Chicago and
Northwestern railways.
For All Time to Come.
It Is the Route To-Day, and Will B»
IT WAS THE ROUTE HI 49!
A NEW BRITISH ISSUE.
1~ HE English Liberals, beaten by the jingo spirit
which has taken possession'of the British pub
iic, are looking forward to an issue upon which
they can go before the people when the war spirit has
tper.t itself.
Lord Rosebery is evidently making that issue. He
says: "We must spread abroad the blessings of edu
cation. The twentieth century will put us into the
crucible. We shall be tested in the fire of interna
tional competition. How shall we bear that test? Can
we bear it. unless our children grow up under condi
tions as favorable to their intellectual and moral de
velopment as those of our competitors? America
gives free education \o every person in that republic
between, the ages of 6 and 25. Many of the com
paratively insignificant nations excel us in the matter
of educating their children. We must wake up. We
must prepare to do battle with peoples disciplined for
intelligent fighting."
The Right Hon. Heibert Henry Asquith. address
ing the Leeds Chamber of Commerce, unsparingly
condemned the British educational system, and praised
that of the United States.
It may well be that the next struggle between par
ties in Great Britain will be over the introduction of
the American public school system into that king
dom, ar.d then we nuv witness the unusual spectacle
ot American educators being invited to take part in
an English campaign.
Lord Rosebery and other promoters of this new
issue ascribe the success of American competition
with British trade to the superior intelligence of the
American masses brought about by our general sys
tem ot common schools.
It is pleasing and gratifying to our pride to have
our system so highly indorsed by those who see it 1:1
• * ,., • ¦ - -
a greater perspective. We are close enough to see
the faults of our common schools, and perhaps their
defects obscure their features of excellence and use
fulness.
If they are really to serve as a model for other
countries an incentive to their improvement is sup
plied that wil! appeal powerfully for the reforms
which are badly needed in the whole school adminis
"T 1 !;- t • ¦ ,<\ < u ¦
Nothing makes a people more mindful of the utility
and integritv of their institutions than the knowledge
that they arc accepted as an example to be followed
abroad.*
OUTRAGES iN CHINA.
OF ail the ?tories that have been reported of out
rages committed by the armies of civilization
in China, none is more significant of barbarity
than that embodied in a complaint said to have been
made by the American board of certain actions com
mitted by the Germans and the Japanese. The story
is. to the effect that the Boxers, perceiving how willing
the troops o? those nations are to kill Chinamen, hav
taken advantage of it to involve Christian natives in
the slaughter. It is stated that emissaries of the
Boxers have succeeded in getting employment as in
former* of the allies, and as such have pointed out
Christians as Boxers, and thus procured their death.
In war's "black caldron of confusion" the innocent
suffer with the guilty. That is unavoidable. As Gen
eral Sherman said, "War is hell." When once it has
begun no man can tell when it will stop, or what sav
agery will be committed while it lasts. All that will
be conceded, but still it would seem possible for the
commanding officers of the allied troops in China to
exercise a sufficient care to prevent the outrages stated
in that report. It appears the persons accused \»y
the informers are shot summarily, for otherwise the
Christian natives could find* evidence to prove their
innocence.
The civilized wprld will not sympathize with China
men as it does with the Boers, for race prejudices ars
strong,' but still even prejudice will hardly lead men
to condone such conduct as that attributed to the Jap
anese and the Germans in this instance. The prime
object of the invasion of China, is to put an end to
the barbarities practiced there, but if the' invasion be
attended with such a wanton disregard of the rights
of the Chinese people as the killing of innocent men
without trial, the result will be the very opposite of
that desired. It requires no f?reat amount of wisdom
to perceive that Christianity cannot civilize paganism
by practicing the barbarities of paganism.
The movement to reform, car conductors
had Its inception after the adjournment
of a woman's meeting held for another
purpose. The speclflo occurrence which
inspired the organization of the Anti-
Conductor League was described by one
of the women present- She had com© to
the meeting on an Amsterdam-avenue
Rule 4 — Members agree to make these signed
reports to the president 'or secretary of the
league, in order that when a sufficient number
have been received they may become the basis
of action by the league looking to the, desired
reform.
Rule 3 — In the event of discourteous, treat
ment members pledge themselves to make and
sign a report of the occurrence, giving the
number of the car and of the conductor, and
the date and hour of the objectionable act.
Rule 2 — Kach member pledges herself to re
member that conductors' tempers and patience
are put to many severe tests, and agrees to
give them as little trouble as possible.
Rule 1 — Members will always endeavor to
have small change ready eo that conductors
will not be put to the inconvenience of chang
ing bills of large denominations. . ;.
That the Women's Anti-Conductor
League is disposed to be fair and rea
sonable in conducting its reform move
ment Is Indicated In the following rule3,
to which the members have subscribed:
NEW YORK streetcar conductors,
according to the "World of that city,
are to be given until the beginning
of the New Tear to make up their
minds to reform. The Women's
Anti-Conductor League Is on their trail.
It is an organization of most determined
women, at the head of which la Mrs.
Sarah Frost. Mrs. Charles O'Connor Ir
win is secretary.
Clearly the Eastern people have some erroneous
ideas about California, and it is incumbent upon us to
correct those errors even if to do so we have to ship
back to the New Yorkers their undesired wives and
kill ever}' Kansas tenderfoot caught ordering mince
pie within the confines of this commonwealth.
Now it is not :'ice to have it bruited abroad that
one can get better fruit in Chicago than in Califor
nia, and that we cannot furnish wayfaring men with
mince pie equal to the Kansas standard. Nor is it
nice to know that New Yorkers are sending the raw
cabbage wives to fill up the State. Evidently the Kan
sas man must have met a community of Eastern immi
grants somewhere and mistook them for natives.
How else could be have found in this State a mince
pie substituting currants for raisins? How else could
he have come to the conclusion that the Californian
is stingier than a "goat-faced Mennonite"?
An illustration of the evil that results from that
state of affairs is to be found in a letter recently pub
lished in the Kansas City Journal from'a Kansas man
now traveling in Southern California. He says:
"California is as brown as ginger and just as dry.
Still I like the State pretty well. I should like it bet
ter if they would keep some of their good things at
home. Almost air their fine fruit is eaten in Chicago,
and I am told that the best of their wines also are
shipped away. I do not care about the wines, but I
do want fruit. The other day I ordered a piece of
nnnce pie at a restaurant, supposing of course that in
this land of high-tariff raisins at least one of the com
ponent parts would not be bogus, and I was abso
lutely disgusted to find the sallow and shamefaced
crust covering the cheapest currants. This tells you
as much about the economies of California as I could
give you if I were to write a book. And, speaking
of parsimony, I think that as between the Californian
and your goat-faced Mennonite, the gentle exile from
Russia is a nois3* spendthrift."
The revelation thus made that some New York
husbands send to this State wives who delight in liv
ing on raw cabbage and other food of the kind brings
before us one of the evils against which we hffye" to
contend. There seems to be an idea among certain
classes of the East that any old thing will do for Cali
fornia, and the result is we get a good many inhabit
ants we could really do without.
All of that is to us only a matter of idle curiosity,
but we are concerned in this statement: "Every
one had a burning desire to speak. A member
who had listened with evident impatience declared
that she knew a woman who had gone a step further
in this direction. She established in her home a diet
of raw cabbage, pecan nuts and water. Later she
adopted Greek attire and went barefoot. Her hus
band then sent her to Southern California to tread
the sands, where he would not be mortified by seeing
her. 1 '
AT a recent meeting of the "Women's Society
for Political Study" one of the members read
a paper on the advantages of eating raw food.
The New York Press in reporting the meeting tells
us the paper excited a redhot discussion, in the
midst of which a motion to adjourn was put and car
ried, but without effect, for the members stuck to the
floor and continued to argue until dark.
SOME ERRONEOUS IDEAS.
THURSDAY DECEMBER 6, 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address Ail Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
MAVA<;nil> OFFICE Trl^ h *!I^t-l!!!^"J^!i
l'llll.K ATIOV OFFICR...Markp( and Tlilrd. S. K.
Telrpbonr Prtm -"1.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Prm» 2O2.
Drllvrrnl tiy fMrrlrrn. 1IV C+ntn !»€?!• Weelc.
Single Ceplen, 5 Cent*.
Term* by Mnfl, Inolndintr Poatagei
DAILY CALL (including Sunday), one year M.O 1 )
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday). « months 3.00
DAILT CALL (including Sunday). * months 1-59
t)AlLT CALL,— By Single Month *5c
6VXDAY CALL, one Ye-ir 150
WEEKLY CALL, One Year 1W>
,V 1 1 poc l fHQR i #th s rc* si o t li ori x** d to receive
• nli«prlp(lon«.
Sair.plB copies will be forwarded when requested.
l!a'l eabscriber* !n ordering chancre of address should I*
particular to ri^e both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to ineure a prompt and correct compliance »rtth their r«juest.
OAKLAND OFFICE 1118 Broadway
C flROKGU KKOCVRSS,
V«ntget Foreign Advertising. Marquette Building. Chicago.
(Long Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
XEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C CAKLTO\ Herald Square
NETV YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
ETGPHES It. SMITH UO Tribune Building
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
'.Valdorf-AMc.ria Hotel; A. Brentono. SI Union Square:
Murray HM Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
FhTrnar. Hcuse: P O. News Co.: Great Northern Hotel:
T ~r-«. r r..-~» Hrnjp.-; Auditorium Hotel. ' ," • •;__¦.
The United States desires, abeve all
things, a settlement with China that will
promote the interests of common human
ity ar.d civilization. Thia cannot be ob
tained by imposing upon China impossi
ble terms or by forcing punishments that
seem excessive to both the official and
public intelligence of China. It is not
meant by this that China should not bo
made to pay indemnities to the limit of its
ability or to inflict punishment to the
limit of its ordinary powers But there
is no sense in making xlemands that will
arouse the hatred and defiance of every
Chinaman and incite them to begin war
fare again in preference to accepting what
they would regard* as a dishonorablo
peace,— PITTSBURG DISPATCH.
Noise a Nuisance.
There are those who affect to regard
noise as inevitable: indeed, as something:
to be encouraged and to feel proud of as
an indication of energy and "strenuous
life." The most potent processes in na
ture are quite noiseless, while those which
are fHll of sound and fury signify little
save ruin and destruction. Needless noise
is an indication not so much of energy a.*
of waste of energy. It Is barbaric, child
ish, even at the best and when it disturbs
no one— which Is seldom. In the vast ma
jority of cases in the streets of a populous
city it is an infringement upon personal
rights and an assault upon personal peace,
comfort and health, such as is most mila
ly to be described as a nuisance, and
might with propriety be called by a much
harsher name.— NEW YORK TRIBUNE.
England's Coal Problem.
The Importation cf coal from the United
States has added to the growing uneasi
ness of the English public. Coal is the
foundation of England's commercial su
premacy, and the nation Is now contront
ed with the fact that its mines can no
longer supply, at a reasonable price, all
the coal that is needed for home con
sumption and for the existing export
trade. To curtail home consumption
would be to close factories, while to for
bid coa". exports would be to strike a seri
ous blow at the shipping 1 trade and to
endanger England's comipqrciaJ supre
macy en the seas. Whila tfco country la
hesitating between the horns of this di
lemma the price of coal is rising so hfgh
that it threatens to inflict severe suffer
ing on the poor during the coming win
ter.—CHICAGO TRIBUNE.
What the United States Desires.
' more than his first term jhas been, an era
of good feeling between the North and
the South- Neither he nor his friends will
willingly adopt any course likely to pre
vent a realization of that desire.—WASH
INGTON POST.
Japanese in China.
It Is indicative of how little the re
straints of the Christian religion operata
In matters of this kind, or. at least, how
far thorough discipline avails to prevent
disorder, that almost all of the accounts
that have been received credit the Jap
anese with exemplary conduct In their
treatment of the Chinese people.—BOS
TON HERALD.
They Need Belief.
The experience of Great Britain with
troops in tropical countries should have
admonished us long ago that it would be
impossible to keep American troops in
definitely in the Philippines without relief.
It is plainly evident that nothing- short or
the force recommended by Secretary R^ 0 '
will meet the military necessities of the
nation for a couple of years to come.—
CHICAGO TIMES^HERAXX).
Uniform IWvorce Lair.
What is needed is a uniform divorce
law. It Is of little avail to say a divorce
is granted in Tennessee only for reasons
recognized by civilized people everywhere
as Just and proper when a. divorce can be
obtained in a Western borough State rot*
practically no reason at all. The present
condition Is prejudicial to the inviolability
of the marriage vow; upon this depends
the purity of the home, and upon thi*
the integrity of society.— NASHVILLE
AMERICAN.
An Era of Good Feeling.
President ilcKlnley has an earnest de
sire that his second term shall be. even
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
IN VARIETY
STREET CAR CONDUCTOR
SAID "UMPTY BAZAZAS."
That's Why Some New York Women Are
Bound to Reform Him.
THE annual convention i of California - fruit
growers, now in session in 'this city, is found to
represent the progressive development of that
interest.
In the beginning of the industry the pioneer grow
ers discussed planting and production. This was , a
new field. Horticulture, like all industries related to
the soil, had to advance by experiment. There is
nothing in the earth, nor under the earth, nor above,
the earth, to mark the locality that is best for prunes,
or apricots, or cherries, or peaches. That had to be
found out by experiment, and experiment took time,
for fruit is not like grain, the adaptability of which
to a locality can be determined in a season.
Experiment has now fairly mapped our horticultural
field. We know that it is useless to plant certain
kinds in certain localities, for there is a lack of chem
ical and climatic kindness to their production. The
loss of time and energy in these experiments should
be called something else than a loss, since it produced
the sought-for gain by the information and enlighten
ment which followed. The intelligent planter need no
longer risk his plant by misplacing it. . So the in
dustry has passed out of the stage of experiment in.
production. The orchards of pur great variety of
fruits are distributed as experience has dictated, and
the problem now upon the growers is the profitable
distribution of tljeir crops. Before them is the per
manent certainty of a demand, foreign and domes
tic, which will take every pound of perfect fruit, in
some consumable form, at a profit to the grower.
What the grower must study is the form in which the
market will take his product, and the best means of
reaching that market at the right time.
The latter is a matter of transportation, and should
be settled by the operation of enlightened selfishness
on the part of the railways. They want the tonnage.
They want it to increase and not diminish. They
want it to be a constant factor in their annual busi
ness, in order that they may prepare to carry it, and
that its facilities may be a permanent and remunera
tive part of their equipment. Wisdom on their part
dictates the provision of such facilities as will return
a profit to the producer, and encourage the enlarge
: mem of the industry- Along the line of these cor
rect business principles the transportation problem!
should- be easily adjustable. Production and trans
portation have such interests in common that there
is no natural disagreement between them, and what
ever friction exists must be artificial and curable, or
due to ignorance and removable by intelligent con
sideration. The former branch of the existing situa
tion opens up a vast field. The market takes fruit in
its fresh state, and canned and dried. Mr. William
H. Mills has brought back from Europe information
of an opening for another important form to which
the product may be reduced, as fruit pulp evaporated
to a semi-solid condition.
It may not be generally known that there is already
a large sale in localities in this country for these firm
jams, which require no glass or metal package. In |
New Orleans there is a large consumption of pine- i
apple and other evaporated fruit pulps, produced in
the West Indies, and there is imported into San I
Francisco from Mexico a large quantity of guava and
quince and other pulps, in bricks. This industry is
one of the primitive domestic arts of the Unite-i I
States. Old folks have not forgotten the delights of i
"apple butter," made on the farm and boiled down
until it concentrated all the delicious flavors of the
fruit Evaporate it more, so that it requires no ves
sel to hold it, but may be wrapped in oiled tissue and
packed and shipped in a box. and you have the fruit !
pulp, which Mr. Mills finds in demand all over Eu
rope.
It may be that this pulp can be made to take the
place of most of our dried fruits except prunes and
raisins. If any grower will visit a Mexican store in
this city and taste the Mexican pulps, with their
luxurious flavor, he >vill get a lesson in the possibili
ties of this method of preparation.
Commercially it will remove some of the risks that
attend the dried fruit industry. Unless dried fruits
are protected by sulphuring, or other expensive
processes, they are destroyed by parasites. In certaiu
of our markets there is objection to these processes.
But the semi-solid pulp is not attacked by any insect
and keeps in perfect condition in any climate. Its
production is simple and it can be carried on by the
fruit-grower independent of any combination.
The suggestion is worth the immediate attention of
aur planters. The State Horticultural Association.
now in session, is a body of distinguished men, They
are something more than mere planters, for in Cali
fornia horticulture ranks with the learned professions.
The State is fortunate that its great interest is in
such skillful hands-
THE FRUIT-GROWERS:
We presume that it is Mr. Farrell's object to tear
the mask from the face of the corporation and compel
it to acknowledge its fraud by raising its rates, since,
under the decision of the United States Supreme
Court, it can continue to fleece the people of Califor
nia by that process. In this way only can the liti
gation he has instituted succeed. A public proclama
tion of the fact that the express company intends to
continue its exactions even if it has to raise its rates
would, perhaps, -to some extent, satisfy those who
are compelled to patronize it.
That is to say, the highest court .in the land has
held that Wells, Fargo & Co," must pay the tax, but
that in doing so it may add to the amount of its regu
lar rates. In this State "the corporation has not
availed itself of this formal way of evading its share
of the Government burdens. It has persisted from
the first in demanding the stamps from its customers
and has made no change in its tariff rates.
an increase of rates so long as the rates continued to
be reasonable. "^¦¦f^.'r
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 6, 1900.
THE LADY PRESIDENT OP THE NEW YORK ANTI-STREET CAR CON
DUCTOR League, who believes he can be made a model, of
POLITENESS.
Illustration la from photo' br Imperial Gallery.
Mrs. Frost Is a handsome woman of
commanding presence. Though pleasant
of aspect and very affable she does not
look like one to whom a car conductor
in his proper senses would be rude. She
Is founder of the Women's Republican
League of Syracuse and has had other ex
periences In the management of Important
movements.
"We admit,", she answered smillngrly,
"that women are often Inconsiderate In
their treatment of conductors and we
pledge ourselves to practice reform while
preaching it."
"The nice conductors are lovely. There
is no more patient and courteous class of
men. They keep their tempers and per
form all sorts of kindly services for pas-
Benerers who are Inconsiderate and do not
deserve much attention. Such conductors
will know by means of our movement that
they are appreciated
6
an Inmate of the San Francisco
Almshouse.
A Man Who Once Sang. Before Royalty and Is Now
THE LATEST FAD IN
DOLL SHOWS.
Musical Polish.
By ANNA VIRGINIA METCALF.
Why American Girls Have to Go to Europe for
.•REFORMING THE CREEDS.
By
REV. SAMUEL SLOCOMBE.
MILITARY DISCIPLINE IN
A FRUITVALE SCHOOL.
SCENES IN A WOMAN'S
GYMNASIUM.
The Poster Room and How to Arrange It.
DECEMBER 9. 1900.
IN NEXT
SUNDAY'S CALL
The victims of next winter's eptdemlo of
grippe those whose systems have not recovered
from exhaustion of summer. DR. SIEGERT3
Angostura Bitters, great Scuta American tonlo
for weak people.
In 800 German towns, with an agrgTe-
jrat© population of 13.000,000 inhabitants.
medical statistics are now regularly re-
ceived and compiled.
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tas
Frees Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery si. Telephone Main 104X >•--• /.
Towneend's California glace fruits, 50c a
pound, in flre-etched boxes or Jap. bas-
kets. A nice present for Eastern friends.
639 Market street. Palace Hotel building. •
Choice candies, Townsend's, Palace Hotel."
isy 14 P. u.,ver-\Vedries<!ay, December 11, at U o'clock.
Real Estate, at T23 Putter street.
AUCTION SftT.F.S,
H> Switzer— Friday, I)w«iil*r 7, at 11 o'clock. Horses, at
Tmfifth and Harrienn ttrms.
A!hambr»— "A Hot Old Time."
v sli'orma— Haverly'e Minstrel*.
A!(-azar--Madame Butterfly."
Columbia— '•The Fortune Teller."
Tlvc.li— "A Jolly Mufckrteer."
Olympia. corner IJsison and Eddy «treet»— bpecialtiea.
Chutes. Zoc ar.d Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
Evening.
Fi'oh^r'f— Vaud^vr.le.
nxpn»!tif>n Building. Oakland— I>oe and Poultry Show.
« Btifttrnfa Jmkpy Club. Oakland Race-.rack— Races to-day.
AMUSEMENTS.
A A
TO MY OLD FRIENDS THE PUBLIC •
I am back in harness. With the issue of December 9 I begin
a special engagement with the Sunday CalL
I am going to revive "Peck's Bad Boy" and write a new series
of Bad Boy Papsrs entitled
Peck's Bad Boy Grown Up.
I believe that the Bad Bay'* Wends will rally to his support as
heartily as they did fifteen years ago. Sincerely yours.
d c t> t. *> , ~ -I CEO. W. PECK.
•.; r. S.— Remember the date, December 9. >'
I 1Two suits have been brought In tho
United States Circuit Court against the
City and County of San Francisco. The
plaintiff in one is Henry A. King of Mas
sachusetts. He seeks to recover J11.125
with interest at 7 per cent from January
1, 1897, on Dupont-street Improvement
bonds issued In 1877.- The other is Alexan
der J. Swift of New York. He asks for
$3000, with interest from January 1, 1SS7;
and for $3780 on coupons, of the same
bonds. ,•¦'."¦ ;
Suits on Dupont-Street Bonds.
On Sundays, commencing December 9
1900, the Southern Pacific Company's City
Ticket Office at No. 613 Market street
! Grand Hotel block, will be closed.
For the accommodation of the public
our ticket office in the Ferry buildlntr
foot of Market street, will sell all classes
of tickets, local and overland, and reser
vations will be made for Pullman sleeping
car accommodations. B
T. H. GOODMAN,
General Passenger Agent.
E. O. McCORMICK, B U
Passenger Traffic Manager.
NOTICE.
NEW GLASS FORMED IN
THE HXnVTBOLDT SCHOOL
Board of Education Reconsiders Its
Determination Not to Assign
Mrs. Reeves to a Class.
The Board of Education relieved the
congested attendance in the Humboldt
Primary School yesterday by forming a
new class therein. Miss Margaret E. Cur
ry, having returned from her leave of
absence, was assigned to the class, which
will be convened this morning.
The board reconsidered its determina
tion not to appoint Mrs. Irene D. Reeves
to a DOBitlon in the department until ahe
withdrew her suit to have her high
school standing determined. Mrs. Reeves
was assigned to the Chinese Primary-
School. Miss Slavan und Mrs. Kate Tur
ney, who were assigned to the school an<l
declined to serve, -are now respectively
on the unassigned and the retired list
The temporary assignment of S. Stur
ges to the vice prlncipalship of the Ev
erett Grammar School and Mrs. Clara J.
Bigelow to the vice pnncipalshlp of the
John Swett Grammar School was made
permanent. -
Superintendent Webster's resolution
providing for the cultivation of a senti
ment among the school children In favor
of the preservation of the forests Of. the
Big Basin Park was adopted.
The resignation of Mrs. Marlon Hill;
teacher in the Clement School, was ac
cepted.
Former Vice Principal Knowlton filed
a request for the monthly salary of the
position from which he was suspended,
but the request was shelved.
Federal Appointments.
Port Collector /Btratton yesterday pro
moted W.'E. Bid well to be inspector No.
6. class 2, vice James B.Urquhart, trans
ferred. E. M. Atkinson was taken from
the eligible list to fill the vacancy.
Joseph. Figel,
Merchant tailoring at moderate prices.
Second floor ¦ Flood building, .Fourth and
Jtfarketi sta,
', \.-,. ¦.',_-_ '/ - ¦ . . ¦ -. " - ¦".
There was a "rough house" in J. Hor
rigan's saloon, 530 Broadway, at an early
hour yesterday morning and as a resmt
several men and women, Horrigan amonif
the number, were arrested for various
offenses and booked at the City Prison.
It appears that Charles Dalton, Daniel
McEvoy and Edward Klrby entered the
saloon about 3 o'clock and Dalton or
dered three drinks. -Several men were
Bitting around the bar and they wanted
Dalton and his two friends to pay for
drinks for them. They refused and a free
fight ensued, during which a baseball bat
did serious execution.
Policeman C. Peters was notified of the
fight and when he went to the saloon ha
asked Horrigan what was the matter
Horrigan retorted that it was none of his
business. Peters threatened to arrest him
for keeping a disorderly house and Hor
rigan ran behind the bar and defied him
Peters walked around the bar and Horrl
g-an warned him that he would shoot and
at the same time reached under the coun
ter to pet a revolver, x'eters sprang upon
him and a desperate fight followed. Po
ters finally • overpowered Horrigan &n<\
whistled for assistance.
Several officers answered his call and
the following arrests were made: Horri
gan, for keeping a disorderly house; J
No?nan and Paul Ludeck. for disturbing
the peace and vagrancy; Andrew Horton
for disturbing. the peace; Michael Kirby'
for disturbing the peace and assault with'
a deadly weapon; John Lewis, drunk and
carrying a concealed weapon; Angelo
Cars and Martin Anderson, drunk, and
Julia O'Dell. Nellie Lcbard, Deborah Bur
gqyne and Minnie Taylor, vagrancy
On the way to the City Prison Horri
gan showed fight and struck Policeman
Peters on tho face several times. Can
tain Wittman yesterday reported the fac'3
to Chief Sullivan and at the next meet
ing of the Police Commissioners Horrl
gan's license will be revoked. The vari
ous defendants appeared in the Police
Courts yesterday morning and their cases
were continued, as the police had be>a
unable to find two of the men who were
wounded during the fight In the saloon.
HEADS CRACKED
IN SALOON ROW
Saloonkeeper J. Horrigan
Threatens to Shoot
Officer Peters.
In a meeting at the First Congrega
tional Church he discussed the matter
apain. prayed that God would send Mills
back into the Christian rankB and reiter
ated his belief that Mills would come.
Whenever he speaks of Mills it is in high
est praise.
Rev. Walter S. Vail, pastor of the Uni
tarian Church, took exception to these re
marks and preached a sermon in reply. In
which, for Hunt's benefit, he advanced
the Information that Mills is already see-
Ing the true light and that his step Into
the Unitarian church was a forward step
and needs no retracing. His association
with the Unitarian church, he said,
ehowed the mental development of the
man. The evangelist has just taken his
second turn in the controversy.
SIOUX CITY, Iowa, Dec. 5.— A contro
versy as to the probable future religion
of Rev. B. Fay Mills, pastor of the Uni
tarian Church of Oakland. Cal., has at
tracted considerable attention in Sioux
City. "Lawyer Evangelist" C. N. Hunt
cf Minneapolis is conducting revival meet
ings here, which are being largely attend
ed. Hunt became a Christian at St. Paul
through the efforts of Rev. B. Fay Mills,
who, at the time, was an enthusiastic
Christian evangelist. Since then Mills has
left the Christian fold and become a Uni
tarian minister. At a big meeting at the
opera-house a few days ago Hunt paid a
high tribute to Mills and declared his be
lief that Mills would again see the light
and the truth and return to active Chris
tian work.
Sceclal Dlepatcb to The Call.
Religious Views of an Evan
gelist and a Unitarian
« in Iowa.
DISPUTE OVER
MILLS' RELIGION
TH. REYNOLDS, formerly cash
ier of the San Francisco office
of the Western Union Tele
3 graph Company, has been pro
moted to the position of man
ager, made vacant by the death of F. R.
Steele.
The appointment is a popular on© as
Mr. Reynolds has a host of friends.
Among the employes of the company the
news of his advancement proved a source
of great pleasure.
Twenty-two years ago Mr. Reynolds
entered the employ cf the telegraph com
pany as a messenger boy. Careful atten-
Contractor Henery Pleads Guilty.
Samuel Henery of the contracting firm
of Clark & Henery appeared yesterday In
the United States District Court and
pleaded guilty to an indictment charging
him with having violated the Federal
statute prohibiting the working of em
ploye* for more than eight hours a day on
Government work. He was ordered to ap
pear for sentence next Saturday morning.
The offense was committed while Clark
& Henery were engaged with a force of
laborers in diverting the channel of Sau
sal Creek.
Nicey Held for Smuggling.
Edward Nlcey, the man who attempted
to smuggle two silk embroidered table
cloths from the transport Thomas, was
held to answer yesterday by United States
Court Commissioner Heacock.
tion to his duties resulted in his promo
tion to the delivery clerk's desk, from
which, after a few months' service, he
was transferred to the auditing depart
ment. He occupied many Important desks
in this department and as opportunity of
fered was advanced, finally being made
cashier. This latter position he has held
for the last eleven years.
JAMES DE LA MONTANYA. fifth
lineal descendant of the famous
Duke de la Montanya, sous lieu
tenant of a crack cuirassier regi
ment and who has gladdened In
the personal friendship of the late Gen
eral Boulanger, will, it is said, brush aside
the vision of "the most beautiful woman
In all this city, at whose feet men of
wealth groveled In despair after he had
won her." De la Montanya, is "not at
Fontalnbleu," but dwells for the while in
Chicago.
In the near future, though It Is an
nounced that his plans are unsettled, he
will, through his attorney, D. S. Dorn,
"put a new phase" to the unhappy con
troversy and file a bill of counter charges
against his wife. What these charges will
be can only be surmised and the surmise
would doubtless go amiss. Attorney Dorn
Is In constant communication with Mr.
de la Montanya by wire, with the object
in view of perfecting plans by which Mrs.
de la Montanya's aciion for divorce will
be met. The first active steps which will
be taken on behalf .of Mr. de la Montanya
will be to secure the guardianship of the
children, who, under a decree of the Su
preme Court, are now in the custody of
their grandmother, the widow of the late
James de la Montanya.
During ail the hours of bitter contro
versy between Mr. and Mrs. de la Mon
tanya thrlr children have occupied the
center of the fight. Again it is to be their
fate, according to Attorney Dorn. for their
These proceedings taken the way has
been paved for the repetition of the con
test of a few years ago that furnished
material for talk on two widely separated
continents.
The action instituted by Mrs. de la Mon
tanya was assigned to Judge Hebbard
yfsterday for hearing. Upon motion of
her counsel Judge Hebbard forthwith
made an order directing the defendant to
pay Mrs. de la Mpntanya alimony In the
sum of $50) a month and $500 counsel fees.
Later in the afternoon an injunction was
issued restraining De la Montanya from
alienating any of his property holdings.
A "Us pendens." containing a description
of the properties covered by thi> decree
of the court was then tiled in the Re
corder's office. It includes property on
the north side of Clay street. 324 feet 8
Inches east of Drumm. 100 feet 7 inches
front; property on the northeast corner
of Jackson and Sansume streets, a- lot on
Kolsom street, near Thirteenth, a lot on
the southwest corner of Turk and Pierce
streets and a lot on the southwest corner
of Point Lobos and Fifteenth avenues.
father, with a determination that equals
that of the mother, has decided to first
settle their status in the controversy and
then proceed with the litigation proper.
Confidential friends of Mr. de la Moh
tanya assert, however, that It Is impos
sible to judpe what plann ho will build
and follow. Some are of the opinion that
he will again attempt to cross the ocean
with his children, while others cling to
the view that he will come to San Fran
cisco, see the action through to a final
decision and abide by the decree of the
court.
THOMAS H. RETNOLDS, CASHIER OF THE WESTERN UNION TELE
GRAPH COMPANY, WHO SUCCEEDS TO THE POSITION OF LOCAL
MANAGER.
JAMES DE LA MONTAXTA, WHO IS NOW* IN CHICAGO AND WHO IT
IS ANNOUNCED WILL FILE COUNTER CHARGES TO HIS WIFE'S
COMPLAINT.
Colonel Phllo Hersey of San Jose read
an interesting paper oft "The Advantages
of Co-operation From a Packer's Stand
point." He said that the wisdom of co
operation had been demonstrated by expe
rience. It would be better to have 95 per
cent of the prune growers associated than
to have 90 per cent. Anything more than
10 per cent of the whole body outside of
the association might, like a fair sized
hornet, "be able to break up a large
prayer meeting."
A. H. Naftzger related the experiences
of the Southern California Citrus Ex
change to some extent, and spoke of the
charges made by the transportation com
panies and the refrigerator people as
against the citrus fruit growers. "Do as
the railroads do," he said to the listening
fruit growers. "Stand together; that Is
our remedy."
A resolution Introduced by Professor C.
W. Chllds of San Jose was adopted. It
read as follows:
Resolved, That the Legislature about to con
vene be requested to so amend the, law for the
establishment of a free public fruit market on
the State, property on the San Francisco water
front that the Ronrd of Harbor Commissioners
will bo unable to longer refuse to execute. It.
Committees were appointed by the chair
as follows:
Marketing— Frank VC. Buck. Vaeavllle: A. H.
Naftzger. Los Angeles; William Johnston,
Sacramento; Professor C. "ft*. Chllds, San Jose;
H. P. Stabler, Yuba City; G. W. Hutchlns,
Marysvllle; M. J. Daniels, Riverside: N. W.
Blanchartl. Santa Paula; I. R. Bayley. Santa
Itarbara: Geonte D. KelloKS. Newcastle.
Transportation — R. D. Stephens, Sacramento;
Alden Anderson, Suisun: A. H, Naftzger, Los
Angeles; Alexander Gordon, Fresno; William
B. Gester, Placer.
legislation — Professor C. W. Childs, John
Markley of Sonoma, Judge J. R. Lewis of San
Jose, H. P. Stabler and Q. P. Hall of San
Diego.
At the afternoon session President Ben
jamin Ide Wheeler welcomed the fruit
growers, invited them to visit the Univer
sity of California and urged them to in
sist upon a schedule for their freight ser
vice overland. This and the development
of the State's water supply he considered
prime requisites for their prosperity.
William E. Smythe explained the aims
and work of the California Water and
Forest Association. Two papers were
read. One was by J. "W. Nelson on "From
Orchard to Table, From a Canner's Stand
point," and the other by Isidor Jacobs, on
"Future Trade Possibilities in Canned and
Dried Fruits."
Mrs. Emma Shafter Howard of Oakland
addressed the convention concerning
the work women have done and will do
for the upbuilding of the fruit Industry of
the State. She was warmly received and
the convention adopted resolutions intro
duced by William Johnston of Sacramen
to sftting forth that "the custom of hold
ing special meetings of bodies attending
our conventions will. In our opinion, ad
vance the popularity and usefulness of the
conventions, and we trust that they may
be successfully continued."
Following a report made by Edwin Ber
wick of Alonterey, chairman of the com
mittee on the mteroceanic canal, resolu
tions Introduced by Isidor Jacobs and
reading as follows were adopted:
Resolved, That the fruit growers of Califor
nia, in convention assembled, hereby urge upon
our representatives In Congress the Importance
to the State of immediate and favorable action
looking to the immediate construction of the
Nicaragua canal.
Resolved further. That the San Francisco
Chamber of Commerce. State Board of Trade
and all kindred bodies interested In the welfare
of California and her Industries be asked to
call immediate meetings and forward petitions
to Congress urging Immediate and favorable
action.
The convention will continue In session
to-day and to-morrow afternoon.
The Idea which has been mooted for
many years of a union of all the fruit
men of California for their protection and^
common good may at last become an
actuality. The cured fruit men, the raisin
men, the citrus fruit men and the grow
ers of deciduous fruits, with their varied
interests, may be affiliated upon some
basis. The first step was taken yesterday
at the State convention of the fruit grow
ers in Pioneer Hall, where the appoint
ment of a committee of thirteen to con
sider the matter was authorized. M. Theo
Kearney of Fresno offered the motion. A.
H. Naftzger of the Southern California
Citrus Fruit Exchange seconded it. Many
fruit growers took part In a discussion
which led up to the decision. President
Cooper will name the committee upon the
reassembling of the fruit growers in con
vention this morning. There will be seven
growers of deciduous fruits and two for
each of the other interests— citrus fruits,
raisins and cured fruits. That was the
important act accomplished by the con
vention yesterday — the authorization of
such a move.
There were several features of the con
vention that were of more than usual in
terest. Judge II. G. Bond of San Jose,
president of the California Cured Fruit
Association, made a report. The Important
fact contained in this was that the associa
tion has absolute control of the production
of 90 per cent nt the prune producing
acreage of the State, or 55.S25 acres, for a
period of two years. Judge Bond said that
the prune growers had received for the
prunes they had disposed of double what
thev would had there been no association.
Onfy one-fourth of the prune crop has
been marketed. The association would
keep up the present prices, and, If neces
sary, would carry over the unsold portion
of the crop to another year.'
"Thoso prune growers who have held
aloof from the association only to take
advantage of thHr neighbors," said Judge
Bond, "are not entitled to the name of
good citizens and good neighbors," and
the convention applauded that sentiment.
Committee Is Authorized to Make
Plans for the Concerted Ac
tion of Large in
terests.
State Convention Adopts a
Resolution of Great
COMBINATION
OF FRUIT MEN
A POSSIBILITY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 6, 19OO.
FROM MESSENGER BOY TO
WESTERN UNION MANAGER
T. H. Reynolds Appointed to Fill "Vacancy
Caused- by Death of F. R. Steele.
Will First Take Active Steps to Secure His
Children, Then for a Fight.
DE LA MONTANYA READY
WITH COUNTER CHARGES
There la no work In <the world of which >o
many ccpien are printed annually an of the Chi
nese almanac. It predicts the weather, and
notes the days which are considered lucky or
otherwise for commencing any undertaking-,
for marrying, burying, or for applying reme
dies to diseases. A lucky day Is not necessary
when Hostetter*8 Stomach Bittern Is taken for
constipation. Indigestion, dyspepsia, blllousnes*,
liver or kidney troubles. It will cure all these
disorders.
The Chinese Almanac
7
QPEJX eATUMOA^ -XTEMIKCflW
Some men are always feelingr for* the
handle that will enable them - to . pump
It is used in the homes and the halls
and the meeting places where nothing
but merit counts in selection.
Palace Hotel OriS Ooides Gata RaS
Odd FtHowa' HaS Red Bnuwh HaQ
Hk'i Hall Stanford UnWtrrfty
Byron Majuusy
Sol* A^ent of Sohmer Pianos '
3O&-O13 Peat 8t 8*n J"r»tvoHoo
The money-bought r«com-
mendxtion arkl preference of well-
known musicians wts never needed to
sell the Sohmer.
MISCELLANEOUS.
THIS NEW STYLE SMOKELESS
i OIL HEATER
£^££Sk. Will ke«p y «ai u i
/^SS^ COLD ROOM com-
i,;iia*6S^ fortablv v i«-arm for
;— <|^ Bo a day— the price
of a cl^ar. tt vrlH
T: rv-k^^P be delivered lr*e to
. any address la city
!«3'i^ra3H§}s or oounry in Callior-
•^".'.aiScSSr* nia on receipt of 55.0)
*'"-~' : -" aijl.i-"^? on approval, to be
' '¦"" _i^iStv' returned at our ex-
V' =: W<«. t j>€nse If not entirely
» 'v^SJ «8 satisfactory.
./^g|||^ !' Cannot Smoke,
'T^f^T^q It ts Absolutely
iliil " orte
jjMiJIii'iifaii^y We have other
4» • styles.
$5.00. Write for Cata-
logue.
PATTOSfEN'S
?URN'ITURE EXPOSITION BUILDTNO.
SIXTEENTH AND MISSION STREEIS.
1OOO shares of Pacific Crude Oil
Company's stock, operating in the
IScKittrick and Sunset Districts,
now boring 1 their second well, with
non-assessable stock, having been
incorporated under the laws of Ari-
zona, which provides (THAT PRI-
VATE PROPERTY IS EXEMPT
FBOM CORPORATE DEBT) Arizona
law, 25c per share on easy terms.
On the 19th of November this
company struck a g-usher on section
24-3O-21.
Apply at the office of JAMES R, T.
MERSHON. Oil. Land and Stock
Broker, 537-538-539 Parrott Bldg.
f*y is a x
5 H Natural Mineral Water ?
? /§P* known for centurle* and +
® *~^»l Imported q
c ONLY IN BOTTLES. ?
o Por D5lorfe r^ Stemwh ?
4 feiI|KSJ ani °
2 ii^2i~£sit« Ttslue has teen testl- O
0 "^sS^iSr "•« to *>y thousands. ?
1 VlCHT « So-called vichy in Sy. 9
v »r"ii*>J*^- fhon» *
O jk-J^M-^ IS NOT V ICHY. ?
? 'IISaJTcl Get the Genuine. X
? &y»f-jgffi A-- VIG5IER, Di.triHUar tptt J
•• c *C*C*O* O-«-0-^O-»-O"»-0*0*0*-0-»
TO THE PUBLIC
SAN FKANCISCO. Oct.
/JSmEI* \ • 6. 1S0O.— To whom It may
£&Kj»"*^£gf '.nr.rn: Thl? If to <-»nlfy
\fi- ] <hat DR. WONG HIM of
V5^iCT 515-117 Mason .street. San
Ut m v i KranriFCo. has cured me
*JL-£»«£ J of kidney trouble and
J©^£. / rhpumatifm and I am
''•?W-/ hh[ ; -y t i makp this stat»-
35^k. rnont. as I find the Doctor
mi. : J^ Ftrictly honwt in every
' T ; <*-•¦* T^T'^Sa* miH of :h* •R-^ri and an
"*Jl\t,-.«??L.T^ honorable man in all his
dealings. DR.. C. A. GAY. I>entist, S02 Second
avt., Seattle. Wash.
PINOLE; June C3. M».— I take thl« mean* <-t
?•xi'r^syinK my thanks to Dr. Wong Him, 115-
317 Mason strt-et. San Francisco, for having
cured ir.e of kidn~y. womb trouble and cancer
of the ftomarh. I was a great sufferer for 15
rears and found no permanent relief until I
tried Dr. Wong Him and in six months" time
he r,a» cured me. Any person wishing me to
certify this can find m^
PJnole. Contra Costa County, CaL
6 T December 4. 18tt».— Dr. Won* Him. 115-
117 Mason Ft., S. F.. Cal.— Dear Sir: For the
benefit of others I wish to make a statement of
rr.y oa?e. which was heart trouble. After treat-
ing with elx .eminent phyeicians my case was
pronounced incurable. Hearing of Dr. "Won*
Him, ar.d his wonderful cures. I decided to try
his herb treatment. He did all he claimed, and
after treating six months I ara now well and
ftrone. Youn». respectfully,
MRS. BARLOW. :r,;7 Mission ft.. S. F.
t Cured While
You Sleep
In Fifteen Days .
-Gran-SolTenf Clmolre* Ptrlctnre like snow be- :
cn:h the »un. reduce* Enlarged Prostat* and
**renjrt bens tfce Seminal Dacu.. rtoppln* Drains and
I.:!. ¦ » ¦ i <¦ ie K!ft*«n J>ar«.
No drnjr* to ruin the stomach, bnt a direct local
and j>o*tuve application tothe entire uretbral tract.
<ir»n-sk»fveni it not a liquid. It it prepared to
the form of Crayons or Pencils. smooTb and flexible, |
*.:.<: to i « • r « sub w pass toe closest stricture.
Every Man Should Know Himself. •
The ¥*L James Assn.. Box EM. ClttdnoaU, O- bat
¦repareO at expense an exbaoct- rfirp I
ire ;..n>>-nu>! Trent isf upon the male LULL!
tysiea. mhicb tb»r will tend to aar | riLL. i
maie apftacanu ¦ ••^^«
BC Jamw As^n.. S^O T?m et.. Cincinnati, O.
35 %> OFF
PREMO & POCO CAMERAS.
25 °/o OFF
SEED & CRAMER PLATES.
2O °A, OFF
EASTMAN KODAKS.
Oeullrt*' prescription* filled. Factory on
pretnieeB. Quick repairing. Phone. Mala 10.
642 Market 5t. i«tRUMtNrs
tjMDtp cMRomcii BuiLoixfr. Catalogue Fr[e
_^ , !
TOISG F»O CHY.
t Successor to Dr. LAI PO TAI;
graduate of Canton Medical
College, after a very «uec*s»-
ful practice of many years In
China, has located In San
Francisco. The surprising and
marvelous cures effected by
his herbs demonstrate their
potence and his skill. The*«
hrrbs cure over 400 different
diseased, including Bright's
Disease. Diabetes. Consump-
tion. Asthma. Paralyels, Brain,
Nerve. Cancers. 7 umors. Blood. Male and Fe-
male ilaUd'.eu. All persons afflicted with any
kiixi of malady whatsoever are Invited to calL
Offl.e. IT, Washington st. Office hours—* a.
m. to 12 m, l to » p. m. ; Sunday*. 10 a. m. to
12 m. Accept grateful thanks for effecting a |
cure tif tiuima of several years' standing. .
A. PARLEY. Ean Raf aeL
DR. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For the cur* of GONOKKUOEA, ' GLEETS.
CTHICTCKES and analogous complaints of tb«
Organs of Generation.
Trie* SI a bottle. For rale by drUKS-lsts.
Weekly Gall $1.00 per Year i
Sohmer Pianos
Mrs. G. 11. Chappeli*
Blcian. She cannot bring herself to
tell everything, and the physician is
at a constant disadvantage. This is
why, for the past twenty-fire years,
thousands of women have been con-
fiding their troubles to Mrs.' Pinkham,
and whose advice has brought happi-
ness and health to countless women in
the United States. /.
Mrs. Chappell, of Grant Park, 111.,
whose portrait we publish, advises all
suffering women to seek Mrs. Pink-
ham's advice and use Lydia E. Pink-
ham's ?Vegetable Compound, a« they
cured her of inflammation of the ovaries
and womb ; she, therefore, speaks from
knowledge, and her experience ought
to give others confidence. Mrs. Pink-
ham's address is Lynn, Mass., and her
advice is nbsolutely free.
Palace
and
Grand
Hotels
San Francisco
' These hotels pos-
sess the attributes
that tourists and
travelers appreciate
-—central location,
liberal manage-
ment, , modern ap •
pointments and
perfect cuisine.
American and Eu-
ropean plans.
To treat a case properly it is neces-
sary to know all about it, and full
information, many times, cannot be
given by & woman to her family phy*
Those things are known only to
women, and the aid a man would giro
is not at his command.
"How gladly would men fly to ¦wo-
man's aid did they but understand a
woman's feelings, trials, sensibilities,
and peculiar organic disturbances.
Is Able to Help Sick Women
When Doctors Fail.
WHY MRS. PINKHAM
TELEPHONE GRANT 83.
UEBEMWH
222-224 S UTTER ST.
JUST IN- ANOTHER CARLOAD
OF "RIENZI" Rochester Betr, un-
excelled by any beer browed la the
United States. The delicate aroma
Is due to the fine Imported Bohe-
mian hops used in this brand. Sea
special price below.
New goods continue to arrtre*—
Large assortment —
Bon Bona, Dinner Favors and Trt*
Ornaments.
Fancy Waste and Candy Baskets
and Boxes.
Chafing Dishes.
Russian Coffee Pots and Ftv© O'clock
Teas of latest designs In brass and
nickel, from $2 up\
SPECIAL REDUCTIONS
THURSDAY-FRIDAY-SATURDAY.
"Bienzi" Beer
Rev- t3 45 dot. qt* _ .V..XS.OO
Res. |1 (0 <Jc*. pts #1.25
We want everybody to drink "Rienzi."
Our to-day's price is made r*8a«He»» of
coat. Send it back If you do not like It.
Curtain Stretchers
Hit 12 ft. Latest model— old style frtatty
Improved. Adjuittable pins twtth eaael
to stand up).
Reg. $2 5ft f2.00
tiame style stretcher, with stationary
pins. Keg. *2 #1.65
Olive Oil $na5^^:i^ ta 75c bot
Thousands will testify as to Its absolute
purity.
Mince Meat re? qt 50c, 40c
re? pt 30c, 25c
Finest home mad?, of tho purest Ingre-
dients.
Corn, "Cactus" I Ocean
Rtg. 12Hc. Choicest Eastern.
Stove Polish 6 tins 25c
Enamellne. Ueg. 5c A brilliant k!o«»
with little labor.
German Lentils 3 lbs 25c
Res- 2 lbs 2SC.
Horseradish Mustard 15c jar
Bayle's. Ret;. 20c.
Malt Whisky, "Acme" 75c bot
Re*. 83c. Pure— «. medicinal article.
AbJc for Holiday Catalogue— FREE.
Country shipments free within ICO hUIml
The London and New York Success
Repeated Here.
David Betasco'a Charming Japanese Story
MADAME BUTTERFLY
Preceded by the- Howling Fares
"WHERE IS TChMPKINS?"
SEATS— 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c.
Matinee Saturday and Sunday.
*TIVOLI*
A Megaphone is a Loud Talker!
THIS IS THE THIRD WEEK OF
THE JOLLY
MUSKETEER!
WHICH IS PROOF ENOUGH OB* ITS
MERIT. .
Evenings at 8. Matinee Saturday at S.
Telephone Bush J.
POPULAR PRICES So and Bflo
SPECIAL! SPECIAL! .
"CINDERELLA" WILL BE WITH US SOON.
OLYMFIA
THE ONLT FREE VAUDEVILLE SHOW
IN THE CITY.
LEONDOR BROTHERS,
America's Greatest Gladiatorial Acrobats.
MABEL HUDSON,
California's Sweetest Songstress,
AND OXTR CELEBBATED STOCK
COMPANY.
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERT FRIDAY.
MATINEE EVERT SUNDAT.
ADMISSION FREE. *--Oi-
CHUTES^™ ZOO
EVERT AFTERNOON AXD EVENTNO.
TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT t
.?..THE AMATEURS....
IN
SFECIALTIES
AND A
GREASY POLE CLIMBING CONTEST
Y;'. ' Telephone for Seats. Park 23.
RACING ! RACING ! RACING I
1900— WINTER MEETING— 1901.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
DEC. 3d to DEC. 15th. INCLUSIVE:
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday. Wednesday, Thurs-
day. Friday and Saturday. Rain or aMno.
rive or more races each day.
Races start at 2:13 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leavs San Francisco at 13 m. and
12:30. 1. 1:30. 2. 2:30 and 3 p. m.. eonnectlns;
wltn trains stopping at th« entrance to tho
track. Last two cars on train reserved tor
ladles and their escorts; no smoking. Bur your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via.
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo arenue
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway. Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alazneda mote con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway, Oakland. These electric cars
to direct to the track In fifteen misutes.
Returning— Trains leavs the track at 4:1S and
4:45 p. m. and Immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
R. B. MILROT. Secretary.
THE OAKLAND SHOW,
EXPOSITION BUILDING.
OAKLAND. CAI*
December 5 to 8.
OPEN WEDNESDAY, 19 A. E,
CLOSE SATURDAY, 10 P. It
DOG3. FOTTLTRT. CATS. PIGEON3. HARES.
INCUBATORS HATCHING DAIL.T.
Open from 10 a. m. to 10 p. m.
ADMISSION TO ALL. 25 CENT9
CHILDREN 10 CENTS
JTTQrWFR'^' CONCERT HOUSE.
COGILL AND COOPER'S COMKDIAN8 IN
"THE GREEN-ETED MONSTER."
A HOST OP SPECIALTIES AND 11U3ICAJC
, ACTS!
Reeerred seat* 25c Matlatefr Suadajw _
AMUSEMENTS.
All This \\Teek-Matlnee Sat.
ALICE NIELSEN
And the ALICE- NIELSEN OPERA CO.
Direction of FRANK L. PERLET.
First Time Here of Herbert and Smith's
Success.
T 'FORTUNE
Inc TELLER.
Next Week— La»t Nights— ALICE NIELSEN.
Man., Tues.. Wed., '•'The Fortune Teller."
Remainder of week, "The Slnglngr GlrL"
A WHOPPING]. BIG BILL!
PATBICE AND COMPANY,
ROBERTUS AND WILFREDO,
PANTZER TRIO, MAY DE SOUSA,
A. M. POWERS, %%¦?;
JULIUS P. WITMARK. MART DUPONT
AND CHARLES LOTHIAN". MALLORY .
BROTHERS AND BROOKS.
THE GREAT WALDON.
Reserved Seats. 25c: Balcony, 10c: Opera
Chairs snd Box Seats. BOc.
. Matinees Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
LAST FOUR PERFORMANCES.
Three Nights and Saturday Matinee.
HAVERLY'S
MASTODON MINSTRELS
Next Sunday Afternoon, That Funny Fellow,
JOHN M. 1A/ELGH,
Lew Harvey and Miss Bessie Marlowe,, in the
Blc Comedy Vaudeville.
"A BELLBOY."
All the Latest Songs, the Newest Dances. th«
Novel Specialties.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA HOUSE!
MATINEES SATURDAY and SUNDAY
BRILLIANT SUCCESS OF THE
OLIVER LESLIE CO.
LAST FOUR NIGHTS OF
THE PRISONER of ZENDA
MONDAT. "MAN'S ENEMT."
Reappearance of WILLIAM BEACH.
PRICES. lOc. 15e, 23c and SOo.
• ¦;!'¦"¦ A few tront row* In orchestra. TBc.
MATINEE-lOc, 15c, J5c, Mo-no higher.
Branch ticket office — Emporium.
ALF ELUNOHOUSE Prop, and Manager
- Phone South 7701
TRUTH IS MIGHTY AND MUST PREVAIL.
The Funniest of All Farce Comedies.
Our Regulation Capacity Nightly.
the RAYS' Howling Success,
A HOT OLD TIME!
JOKN W. JESS as LARRT MOONET
FUNNIKR THAN EVER,
Brought Up to Date, With New SDedaltlea
That Will Make You Laurlu
• MATINEE SATURDAY.
Evening— 13c, 25c. Kc, 50c and 75c'. Matinee—
15c. 25c, 35c and r-Oc. Entering. oa Its second
week next Sunday Matinee and Night.
DON'T MJB3 SEEING THIS SHOW*
¦ . ¦
ABVEBTISEMENTS.
Us* Iri/ jeHbb»» IBTime—^i. :24; H. :4S%; %. 1:14. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving. Win
ner. W B. Jennings & Co.'s ch. f. by imp. Anchorite- Vesttna, Long delay .it post, \antlne
a handy miss from the country. Anita B was eore. Canejo badly ridden. Sweet \oic«
grew husky. Grey Bob badly ridden. ¦ Copper Gaffney. Dr. Boyle almost left. Scratched
14«1». SECOND RACE— Mile and a sixteenth: selling; three-year-olds and up; purse, t4Qf>.
Time— 1-16. :06H: .6-16. :32; 9-16. :56; 13-16. 1:21: mile. 1:40%: 1 l-16m, 1:46H- Good start.
Won easily. Second and third driving. Winner. W. Fisher's ch. g. by Sir Dixon-\V !es
baden. Winner best ridden. No excuses for Goldone. Wax melted. He is a hound. Havl
land will do with a licensed pilot in the house. -
J44O.« THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; three-yeai-olds and up; purse. $350. \
Time-U, :24; %. :48H; !i. 1:13<4. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving. Win
ner. J. F. Schorr's b. h.t by Imp. Deceiver-imp. Sea View. Sea Lion was the class. Tibu
rcn tired last part. Plohn won't do. Tlzona. will do In cheaper company. Scratched—
Ostler Joe 112. The Singer 104. .
M41. FOURTH RACE-Seven furlongs; handicap; two-year-olds; purse, $600.
Time— »i, :13: aj. :36H: %. 1:01: %' 1:26%. Good start. Won all out. Second and third
driving. Winner. G. B. Morris'- ch. f. by Imp. Midlothian-Rosette. Janico was fortunate.
Coburn took - Golden-, Age back and then lost his position. Last hard race of Tyr told on
him. R»!ltck almost knocked down by Golden Age.
1442. FIFTH RACE— Five and a half furlongs; selling; two-year-olds; purse, $350.
Time— 3-16, :17V»: 7-16. :«%; 5H*. 1:06. Fair start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Winner. M. Epplnger' s ch. g. by Rancocas-Heeley. Sad Sam a merry one to-day. No
breeze blowing on Screenwell Lake. Andrattus was absent. Wedderstrand can't handle
him. Scratched—Quiz II 106. David S 105. Modder 105, Bernota 103. Gold Badge^ 1O9._
1 l«:t. SIXTH RACE— One mile; three-year-olds; purse, $400. ¦.
Time— hi :25; %. :43; *i. 1:13^; mile, 1:39%. Bad start. Won easily. Second and third driv
ing. Winner! C. R. Ellison's b. c. by St. Florian-Speclalty. Winner the best. With a
good etart Vulcaln would have telephoned. Asian getting to be -a stayer. Flush of Gold
on waiting list. "Pulled up. .' :,-;-.-. ¦''¦.
HOUNDS ENTERED IN STAKE.
Coursing Park Promises Good
Sport.
Saturday and Sunday Event at Union
The drawing for the Union Park stake
UNION COUKSING PARK
BESTS INGLESIDE CLUB
Judge Hunt has thrown out of court
the action instituted by the Inglps!d«
Coursing Association against the Union
Coursing Park Association to restrain the
defendant from conducting Its business
on certain days. Plaintiff and defendant
atrreed to conduct their parks on alter
nate week?, but the Union Park corpora
tion finally repudiated the agreement.
Suit was riled by the Inglesit o Associa
tion with the result stated.
for Saturday and Sunday next was held
last night at Pythian Castle.- One hun
dred and twenty-eight nominations were
made, among which are some fast
coursers. The management has an
nounced the Introduction stake for New
Year's day. The event will be for dogs
at the champion class and a great pro
«ramme is anticipated. The result of the
draw last night is as follows:
K. M. Kelloges Iowa Boy v». E. Geary's
America; D. J. Healey'e Tapioca ve. H. A.
IJeckelman's Lawrence; D. J. Healey s Lirania
v*. E. M. Kellogrg's Kid McCoy: J. Keenan s
Lt.ndin Links vs. Sterl & Knowles" hieety
Mist- J. Deans Warco vs. J. Vanderwhite s
I^-ar King; P. Jackson's Golden Rupset vs.
J Trade's Old Glory; Hussell & Aliens \\ed
d'r.g liells vs. G. McDougal's Colonel Lopez;
Curtis & Sons' Narcissus vs. O. Zanl s Miss
Allen; Pasha Kernels' Risky Attempt vj. b.
Geary's Palo Alto; George Nethercott s Itub>
Ii vs. C. O. Petersons Silver Cloud; J. P.
Tlirllt's Sir Hughle vs. Curtis & Sons McKln
ley; J Hurley's O K Opltol vs. H. L. Taylor s
Hose;' Larkey & Hock's Ladies' Choice vs. J.
Carroll's Red Hind: Curtis & Sons \\ arpath
v*. \V. Howard's Sidney Lucas; Maher & Ke ' a s
Urcle Fuller vs. Paslia Kennels' Recording
JVr.gel; tUerl & Knowles 1 For Glory vs. J. H.
Ptrl&o's Controller; Curtis & Sons Echo vs ;
Kussell & Allen's Belle Claire; Curtis &_ Sons
Shadow vs. J. Suiton's Boney Boy: P. VcCabe s
Onie Boy vs. G^orpe » Whitney's 1 heron;
George Sharman's Bowery Hoy vs. J. Mc-
Carthys John Doe; J. L. Ross' J L R vs. R.
L. Taylor's Beauty Spot: H. H. Walkers Cora
IVarl vs. C. O. Peterson's Half Moon: J.
Mr.riamy's Kittleman vs. T. W. Bartels Mac s
Melody; T. J. Cronin's Vixen vs. Sullivan &
Trainer's My Selection: R. E. de : B.^ LDpezs
W.-ribeo vs. H. Lynch" ¦ Game Cock; Pasha
K~nn-ls' KeFl Assured vs. Captain Clarkfon s
GoMen Garter: J. L. Hodgklns' King Cashier
v> 11. A. Deckelrr.an's Rocker; Curtis «fc c*>n s
Cash vs J. Mumane's Wild Wave; Chlarini
Brothers' Brass button vs. F. Jones Harlean
Gladys: J. Keenan'n Sleigh Bells vs. L F.
t'«rtcls' Beer Brewer: Geo. Xethercott s Flood-
Rale vs. T. J. Cronln's l>aisy Dale; Pasha Ken
ti.is' Fiery Face vs.. L. F. Bartels Temple;
Captain Clarkxon's Headwater vs. V. J. HeaU s
l^adv Claire; Captain Cane's Greennall vs. L.
Honar's Wild Xorah; B. Silvia's Keannex vs.
Pa*ha Kennels' Rude Awakeninc; Jeff Mar
tenett's Slim vs. Pi#ia Kennels' Roman Ath
lete- Lan<ie & GernTPs Concord vs. Russell &.
AlUn's Ixird ArtfooU'A. Buker's Kanaka vs.
Curtis &: Sons' Anchor; L. F. Bartels Best
Barsaln vs. G. Lennon's Sir Crawford; J.
M.riarity'B Jennie Anthony vs. Curtis & bons
War Eagle; Pasha Kennels' Rollicking Airs
vs R. E. de B. Lopez's Warrical; V. Mc-
Cabe's Fair Lillie vs. Thomas McCool's Fin
McCool: J. Carroll's Auckland vs. H. Lynch s
Lviidite- T. J. Cronln's Vandal vs. J. H.
Perigo's Lady Davenport; E. Geary's Bcnnle
Patl.a ve. J. Hurley's Hurricane: Pasha Ken
nels' Rival's Answer vs. F. A. McComb's
Bona Fide- Pasha Kennels' Royal Anne vs..
J P Thrift's St. Michael; P. Doyle's Thelma
vs J Hamilton's Headlight; R. E. de B.
Lopez's Warrlgo vs. J. Kennedy's Ever Sure:
ch'.arlnl Bros.' Santonin vs. ICay Bros."
Hawker: J. Moriarity'e Snapper Garrison vs.
J Smith's Master Workman; R. E. de B.
I^opez's Wardell vs. J. Holden's Scottish Chief;
Chlarini Bros." Bunko Bill vs. H. Lynch's
F.rrma M; II. A. Deckelman's Master Rock»:t
vs. Rn.-spll & Allen's Scotland Yet; George
Pharman's Miss Skyrocket vs. J. II. McNeil's
Pearl Mac; F. A. McComb's Little Sister vs.
J. Dean's Gallant: T. J. Cronln's Wild Tralee
vs. George Lahusen's Fire Fly; Erskine &
Jones' Lavender vs. E. Geary's Ireland: E. M.
Kclloggr's Pweet Emma vs. George Sharman's
Royal Flush: P. Jackson's Honor Bright vs.
J. Button's Master Lawrence; E. M. Kellogg-'s
Ben's Babe vs. Erwln & Lyons' Silver Wings;
Curtis & Sons' Kl»>osh vs. J. P. Thrift's
Brutus: Pasha Kennels' Random Aim vs. Cap
tain Cane's MIsf Penman; D. Toland's Pleasant
Girl \"s. Pasha Kennels' May Hempstead. •>-."
MIDWEEK STAKE WON
BY GAME TOM HURLICK
GOLDEN AGE BEATEN BY JANICE
THROUGH COBURN'S POOR RIDING
Third race— Five and a half furlones; two^
Second race— One mile; three-year-olds and
upward; selling.
1427 Olinthus Ill 1426 Snips m
1427 Osmond ..102 1437 Ordnunir fi'i
1426 Anjou 1U7 1427 Imperious 107
(1432) Herculean 104 1412 Trevathan 9*
!!£ S?e c W.::::$ 1416 McXam^ H«
First race— Futurity course; two-year-olds;
purse.
1198'Rto de Altar.. .10? 1421 Bab ins
1436 Tenny, Belle.... 105 1314 Homage ..'. ""lOG
....Flatterer 108 1421 Articulate ....*lt>8
1420 Abba L 105 1421 Seide ... ins
.... Bard of Avon.. 105 ¦¦-•¦¦¦
rights reserved.)
Track Notes.
After the poor showing made by Andrat
tus Trainer James Dyer was suspended by
the Judges pending an investigation of the
two-year-old's .race.
On Tuesday Morris Epplnger ran a
match into an electric light manufactory
and yesterday purchased Sad Sam from
Louis Ezell for $1500. His luck staid with
him.
Following ; are to-day's entries:
(Copyrighted, 1800, by F. W. Leavitt. All
BY F. E. MTJIiHOLLAND.
ONE always regrets seeing a good
horse beaten, and those who bet
on. Golden Age to win the two
year-old handicap at Oakland yes
terday must have wept. 'He was
pounds and ounces the best, and then
finished second to Janice, a 3 to 1 chance
from the stable of Green Morris, that
carried heavy support. Some days ago.
In a cheap sort of a sprint, Coburn rode
Rolling Boer against a bunch of cheap
ones, and Sam. Hildreth told "Monk" not
to win too far off. Ever since that time
Coburn has been dealing out Rolling
Boer finishes. Yesterday, on pounds the
best horse, he tried to place his mount.
He succeeded, but when trying to get
through next 'the rail, was shut off and
finished second to Janice, the well-backed
one. Ii was one of the most stupid rides
ever witnessed at Oakland track, and It
is to , be ' hoped Coburn learned much by
his defeat. f
The track was again (lightning fast and
very fast time was made^ln the different
events. Three of six favorites carried
away purses. ; =
Walter Jennings, famous for turning
out warm ones from his stable, sent Van
tine in the opening event. The filly was
backed from 5 to 1 to 8 to 5, and won
easily from. Letiger. the opening favorite.
Tlng-a-Ling'. ran third.
Jimmy Coffey's Goldone was considered
the one real cinch of the day, and after
being backed at the close price of 9 to
10, fell easy . game to Dr. Bernays. The
doctor trudged along in fourth position to
the stretch, where he strided to the front
under O'Connor's urging, and won com
paratively easily. The favorite had noth
ing left to down but Wax for the place.
Johnny Schorr's horse Sea Lion appar
ently outclassed his company in the third
event, still the ring laid as good as 5 to
2 about the Deceiver horse. Tiburon gave
him a rub, but when Miller shook the
favorite up, he won hands down. Bessie
Lee snatched place honors from Tiburon.
The speedy Andrattus made a frightful
failure of capturing .the sprint for two
year-olds, decided under selling condi
tions. Wedderstrand had the leg up on
the youngster and he never looked danger
ous. • Sad Sam -led from start to finish,
reaching the wire half a dozen lengths
before "Mef-ida, in record time for the dis
tance, 1:<.6. Satin Coat, a new arrival,
took the 'show.
• Charley .Ellison, the blonde speculator
from -the- Middle West, plunged- on -his
horse Specific to win the closing mile run
and' cashed' his tickets. The bay colt was
plugged to 6 to 5 favoritism, and after
getting away from the nast none too well,
led Asian out at- the wire by two lengths
in 1:39?4. Vulcain took the show.
WATER FRONT DUELIST
IS GIVEN HIS LIBERTY
tThomaa Lawton Proves That He
Fired at Frank Woods in
Self -Defense.
Thomas Lawton, teamster, who fought
a bloodless duel with Frank Woods, boll-
er-maker, in Mallory's saloon on East
street last Saturday, appeared before
Judge Cabanlss yesterday on charges of
discharging firearms within the city lim
its and carrying a concealed weapon. The
Judge, after hearing- .the evidence, dis
missed both cases, as Lawton was not the
aggressor. Woods is wanted for an as
sault with a deadly weapon, but has not
yet been arrested.
Edward W. Challlot, 1103 Mission street.
was convicted by Judge Fritz yesterday
on a charge of battery upon his wife and
wlll*be sentenced to-day. Thanksgiving
morning he asked his wife for money for
drink. She told him she had only 50 cents
in the house, and refused to give him a
portion of It. He went out and got drunk
and. returning, gave her an unmerciful
beating. As he had threatened to kill her
the Judge instructed her to swear to a
complaint charging him with threats
against life.
The charge of obtaining money by falso
pretenses against L. W. Qaston was dis
missed by Judge Conlan yesterday. Gas
ton bought the Maine restaurant. 410
Kearny street, and gave in payment a
check for $1050, which was alleged to be
worthless. R. G. Wilkle. the complaining
witness, testified yesterday that the check
was good and a mistake had been made.
James Duffy, who struck William Daly
with a shovel in front of 119 San Carlos
avenue, was held to answer before the
Superior Court by Judge Conlan yester
day on a. charge of assault with a deadly
weapon In $100i> bonds.
Monticellans Will Play Whist.
The members of the Montlcello Club will
participate In a whist tournament, com
mencing Thursday evening. December 13.
The entries will close on .Monday, Decem
ber 10. Handsome prizes will be awarded
the successful contestants. This evening
the members will- assemble at the club
rooms to be initiated Into the rudiments
of the game and select their partners. The
affair will be under the direction of a
committee consisting of Howard Park.
James P. Booth, Louis T. Samuels. Dr. Z.
T. Mallaby and William D. Wasson. On
December 13 Franklin K. Lane will ad
dress the club on the civil service predica
ment, s
Probable Winners.
First- race— Bard of Avon, Bab. Setde.
Second race— Ollnthus. Anjou, Jennie Reid.
Third race— Meehanus, Gold Or, Mfcc Gyle.
Fourth race— Ollnthus, Kenilworth. Diderot.
Fifth race— Gibraltar. St. Cuthbert, Pompino.
Sixth • race— Koenig. Opponent, The Bobby.
Sixth race— One mile and an eighth; three
year-olds and upward; selling.
1437 Edgardo 98 1326 Klckumbob .... 92
1435 Koenig 104 14?5 Locochee 104
1434 Uarda 104 1435 The Bobby ....101
1408 Sprung 32 1435 Opponent 101
1435 Owensboro 93 1297 Cue »5
13S9 Castake 101 1427 Bl Mldo 104
Fifth race — Six furlongs: three-year-olds and
upward: selling.
607 Jerld 107 1401 High Hoe ......104
1430 Pompino .......111 1390 Mocortto 104
1430 Theory .........109 1430 Gibraltar 114
1419 Wertheim 102 1437 Boundlee 83
(1430)St. Cuthbert....lO9 1432 Harry Thatcher 97
1275 Alaiia 102
Fourth race — One mile; all ages; Shasta
Water handicap.
13S7 Formero ..10S 1332 Kenllworth ....100
1427 Ollnthus ICO (13ol)Grand Sachem. 100
1443 Vulcaln 110 1429 Malay 1C3
1423/\Vooster Boy ..114 1429 Diderot 90
The, ring work began with Joe Welch
face to face with Bobby Burrows. Welch
won in the second round. P. Neill and
George Glbb, who was Introduced as a
wearer of the Brooklyn Athletic Club
colors, went two full rounds of Ill-directed
blows. Referee McDevltt gave Neill the
medal.
The third fight was .between Henry Pool
and Kid Finnerty. Pool was the bigger
year-olds and upward; handicap.
(1363)Hermoso 130* 1352 Clarando 113
.... Mac Gyle 96] 1392 Kenllworth ....11$
1419 Aluminum 107 1 .... Meehanus 123
993 Frank Bell ;...12«[ 1421 St. Rica 100
1401 Mldlove 114 1 1304 Good Hope ....114
1239 Maresa 97 1438 Gold Or 128
.... Gold Badge ....100
The main event, between Indian Joe
Gregg and "Spike" Hanna, alias "BUI
McKee." was set in blood, chiefly from
Hanna's mouth, lips and cheeks. Gregg
fought In his usual darting fashion and
before the fourth round had Hanna cut
up and bedecked with Indian summer red.
The referee pronounced the Indian the
winner.
Hot, fast, furious and frantic were the
bouts at the Bay City Amateur Athletic
Club last night. Out of eight four-round
bouts but two went the limit and these
were mry eftough for even the most
bloodthirsty.
', ) I v . . New Orleans.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 5.— Results at
Bennings:
Seven furlongs— Buffoon won, Fluke second.
Randy third. Time. 1:34.
Handicap, five and a half furlonfrs— Pigeon,
Post won. Quite Right second. Snark third.
Time. 1:12.
Hurdles, mile and a half— Magic Light won.
Lost Chord second. Draughtsman third. Time.
3:00 3-5.
Mile and fifty yards— Hlnsdale won. Elsie
Skip second. Cogswell third. Time. 1:53.1-5.
Mile and a sixteenth, selling— Miss Hancver
T*on, Bf>au Ideal second, Charawind third.
Time. 1:55 3-5. , .
Handicap, seven furlongs— Carbuncle won.
Humboldt second. Chaxentua third. Time.
1:32 2-5.
NEW ORLEANS, Dec. 5.— Results:
Seven furlongs, selling— Dick Furber won.
Jack Martin second. Ben Chance third. Time,
1:37H-
Six furlongs — Aaron won. St. Bluff second.
Tonicum third. Time. 1:22\. '
. Six furlongs, selling— Rosy Morn won, Crys
talline second, Jessie Jarboe third. Time.
1:2214. - - • V. .- ¦ •
Handicap, mile and an eighth— Monk "Way-
Results of Races at Bennings and
ON EASTERN TRACKS.
of the two, but an early stiff left under
the heart more than equalized matters.
Finnerty scored a knockout in the first
round.
John Swift and. Jimmy Ryan gave tho
crowd a stirring go. Ryan certainly
demonstrated his grameness. In the fourth
round, after he was beaten Into a state
of helplessness, the police stopped the
fight.
In the third round Sammy Hujthea.
while breaking away from Harry Powers,
threw his right hard Into Powers* chin.
Powers fell flat on his back. Ammonia
revived him.
True to the record of no-llmlt-golns
contests. Young Sharkey and Jim Kelly
ended their engagement In the third
round after severe pummellng. Sharkey
was put to sleep.
C. Cyan, with a steam beer fullness of
physique, and Billy Kelly furnished four
rounds of "grotesquerle." Kelly was In
condition. Cyan was the width of the
Pacific Ocean from it. Out of considera
tion for Cyan's exhaustion and Kelly's
Ignorance- of the game, the referee at the
end of the fourth round said. "Draw."
man won. llajor Manslr second. "Woodtrlce
third. Time. 2:C«V
One mile, selling— Joe Shelby won. Sauber
Becond. False Lead third. Time, 1:514-
Six furlones, selling;— Orion won. Midsummer
second. .Uhlers third. Time. 1:21.
AMATEUR FIGHTS THAT
DO NOT GO THE LIMIT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; THURSDAY, DECEMBER 6, 1900.
WITH THE RACERS, COURSERS AND PUGILISTS.
THE CALL'S RACING. FORM CHART.
OAKLAND RACETRACK, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 5.—Weather fine. Track *a=*-^
143S. FIRST RACE}— Six furlongs; maidens ;Mhree- year-olds and up; purse, $300/
8
The midweek stale* at Union coursing:
r>ark yesterday was won by F. Jones'
Tom Hurlick. * lUisseJl & Allen's Belle
Clatr getting second money. All through
the stake Hurlick showed as a winner ex
cept In the fourth round, when he lost a
bye to Daylight.
In the la^t course vriih Belle Clair,
Hurlirk led ar.d scored the first turn.
AY hen the score stood 9-6 in favor of Hur
lick Belle Clair, gaining every second
and outpointing; h<?r opponent, killed too
boon. The final sosoxe was 9-S.
There were many surprises. In the first
round seven favorites were beaten. Flya
way beat Risky Attempt 1-2. Betsy Bar
row beat Miss Skyrocket 1-2. Rosinante
beat Gold Nugget 2-5. Peter West beat
Tod Sloan 3-5. Llirton l»eat Mi.«s Wilson
i-3. liadiwist beat A^aitvemnon 1-4 and Fin
MeCoo! beat Go On 1-5- In the second
round Flyaway went out to Silver Wings
3-5 and LJeer lirewer won from Mountain
Beauty «>-5. The great SJjrprise of the day
was Silver Wings' defeat by Minnie Wa
Wa, a 6 to 1 shot. Echo u.t 1-3 beat Rest
Assured Beer lirewer won from Betsy
Barrow 1-4. Tom Hurlick. a I to 3 favorite,
lost a bye to Daylight. Nicasio being with
drawn, "in the filth round Belle Clair beat
Oasli. a 2 to 7 favorite. The results are
*is I o! lows:
Fim round— Envin & Lyon's Silver Wings
b"j«t Cajtain Oarkscn'e Flowr of Gold; H.
A. lVckelman't Flyaway beat Papha Kennels
Blskr Attempt; B. K. de B. Lopez & Sons
Minnie Wa. Wa Iwat Curtis & Sons Kibosh;
T J Cronln's Vixen beat J. J. Edmonds
Morning Glory; A. Vunderwhite's Lear Kir-K
1-eat J. J. Edmonds' Whiskey Hill; Curtis &
Deri's McKinley beat H. Lynch'* Clairban^;
Curtis j. trxin'* Psyche l>eat F. Jones' Day
light: P. J. Keilly's Moonbrt£ht beat I- . A.
Mr<v>mb'i> Patriot; Curtis & Son'a Echo beat
Metier & Reid's Nellie Haun; Chianni Brother* 1
Santonin beat K. K. <i« B- J_*>r<ez & .Son.-'
s--v\f>ft:iess: chiarini Brothers' Brass Bnttona
l.eat J. lioney Hoy; F. Joac»' Tom
Hurlick beat F. A. McComtis Bcna Fide; Ii.
E de ]{. Lopex &- Sons' Diablo l*-at Aen<"i»l
Kennels' Achilles; D. J. Italy's Ntcaslo beat
E. H. Muleaj-ler's Safeguard; Pasha bctmeu
Jtwt Assured beat O. Zahl's Tony Bower?: T.
J. Cr. iiin's Daisy Dale a bye. Ledjr .-^ars with
draw n; L. F. Bartels' B.>ts»y Harrow bee:
«;porjr«» Sharmar.'p Miss Skyrocket; Curtis &,
S^rf' Roeinante lieat Pasha Kennels' Gold Nug
get; L. F. Barters litter Brewer beat H. A.
DeekeUBU'a Belle Rocket; A. Johnson"* Moun
tain l>>auty beat Uussell & Allen's Wedding
3-SeMs; Russell & Allen's Belle Clair b"at J. H.
McNdlB Pearl Mac; F. C Mack's Delia M
beat E. Baumeifter's Los Aneeles; A. John
t~ eg llald Eagle beat P. J. Reilly's Plough
\<o\ ; Aeneid KrnneU* Aethra. beat K. Bau
rneifter's Winning Ways; I'. J. Reilly's Peter
\V< .-=1 beat A. Johnson's Tod Sloan: H. Lynch's
Llnton beat O. Jahl'c Miss Wilson: T. J.
< 'rrni-i's Vandal beat O. Zahl's Miss Allen; J.
Trade's Old Glory beat 1 J . Doyle's Thelma:
• ""unit- & Son's Cash beat J. Smith's Master
Workman; A. IT«MI j ¦ Hadlwist l»eat Aeneld
K'-nnrls' Agamemnon: Thomas llc-Cool's Fin
McCooi beat J. J. Kdmonds' Go On; Russell
A: Allen's Scotland Vet beat II. Ii. Walker's
Cora Pearl.
Second round— Silver Wlnps b«at Flyaway.
Minnie Wa Wa beat Vixen. McKlnley beat
ZjttiT King. Psyche beat Moonbrlirht, Echo beat
Santonin. Tom Hurlick beat Brass Button,
Nicasio beat Diablo, Rest Assured beat Daisy
Dale, Bet?y Harrow l>eat Uoslnante, Beer
Jlrcwer beat Mount Beauty. P.elle «*lair beat
jirMa M. Bali Kaele Ix-at Aethra. Peter West
J.«:vi Lir.ton. Vandal feat Old Glory. Cas-h beat
Uadfwiyt. Scotland Yft t^at Fin McCool.
Third round— Minnie Wa Wa beat Silver
"Wings. Tom Hurlick beat McKinley. Nicasio
l*-at Psyche.. Echo beat Rt6t Assured. Betsy
Barrow beat Beer Brewer. Belle Clair beat
Bald Eagle. Vandal l*>at Peter West, Cash beat
s- • tland Vet.
Fourth round— Minnie Wa Wa heat Kchn.
Tom Hurlk-k lost a t<yc to Daylight, Nirasio
vithdrawn, H^lie Clair beat Betsy Barrow.
Ca^h beat Vandal.
Fifth round— Tom Hurlick beat Minnie Wa
Wa. !fc»Il« Clair beat Cash.
? '< rifling course — Tom Hurlick beat Belle
Oair "
Po.
ndex Horse. Age, Weight. Pst SL
IOS Vantlne, 3 102 2 6
H25 Letiger. 3 102 4 9
H25 Ting-a-Ling, 3.. ..105 8 3
1131 Onyx, 4 107 9 1
M25 Anita B. 8 99 6 3
1230 Canejo, 3 99 11 10
Sweet Voice, 8.... 89 6 7
1106 Sartneld, 3 .\..1O2 10 4
1S60 Lew Zara. 3 100 1 6 •
1342 Gn»y Bob, 3 101 3 8
Dr. Boyle, 3 99 7 11
SI 4 n ,
8 1 6 1
2 h 2 1
11 11
6 1 6 1
9 H 7 2
10 15 10 5
4 b 9 1
-71 SI
6h 3h
11 11
Rtr.
Fin.
1 2
2 1
3 1
4 2
6 3
6
I
10
11
Jockeys.
Mounce
O'Connor ...
J. Woods....
Frawley ....
Domlnlek ..
Fauntleroy
Martin
Co burn
Meany
GafEney . . . .
|Matthewa ..
Jockeys.
Op.
4
6-2
4
5
8
15
DO
10
20
6
10
- Bett:
HI.
6
6-2
15
12
12
SO .
100-
80
100
10
as
n cu pi?
8-5
2
is
12
12
so
100
so
100
10
85
3-5
3-5
5
4
4
10
40
12
40
4
10
Po.
ndex Horse, Age, Weight. Pet St.
K.
H.
Str?
Fin.
Jockeys.
\ r — — Betting -
Op. Hi. Cl.
PI.
1409 Dr. Bernays, 5... 109 4 3
1429 IGoldoiie. 3 103 S 2
1415 fWax, 3 103 1 1
.... IHaviland, 3.......100 2 4
3 h 4 In
in 2 IVi 4
2 1H 1 n 3 n
4 8 n 2n
1 1V4 O'Connor ...
2 Ht Domtnick ..
8 6 Coburn
4 Matthews ..
2
6-5
4
8^
11-5
6-5
10
10
11-5
9-10
7
- 9
¦ 2-i
1-:
6-!
IPo.1
ndex Horse. Age, Weight. Pst St.
H.
%•
; Str.'
Fin. j
Jockeys.
L Benin* ,
Op. HI. Cl. PI.
: ¦ —
1411
1X30
]299
1427
1412)
1426
1S35
U94
ISea Lion. 4 112 4 i
Bppsle Lee. 5 109 2 7
TIburon, -4 112 3 3
Dunblane, 3.. 107 '1 6
Plohn. 3 : 104 • 7 2
Imp. Mistral 11,6.112 8 8
Tizona. 3 106 6 9
Ontlnela, a 109 10 4
Esplrando. 5 109 9 5
Dunboy. 6 109 5 10
3 '4
4 2
1 h
7 2
6 1
9 10
2 2
8 2
5 1
10
2 V4:
4 1 '
1 1
6 <A]
1 2
9 15
3 1
3 1
5 3
10
! 1 n
' 8 1
2 n
4 2
6 1
6 S
1 H
8 1
9
10
13 ;
2 n
5 1
4 1
6 2
6 1
7 5
8 6
9 15
10
r. J. Miller....
Coburn
N. Turner..
Mounee
O'Connor ...
Fallehy ....
Farrell
See-.. ........
Domlnlck ..
F. Kelly....
7-5
7
3
4
6
60
60
30
12
60
6-2
10
7-2
8
%
60
40
100
20
100
6-5
10
7-2
8
8
60
40
ICO
20
100
2-8
3
1
8
5-2
20
12
60
8
40
:ndex Horse and "Weight. 'Pstjst.
1421 Janlcn 104 2 2
13S5 Golden Ago 120 1 1
1403 Klngstelle 80 6 7
1429 Tyr 105 3 4
1348 Grafter 86 5 5
1414) Cougar 85 7 S
1174) Rollick 92 4 3
4 1
1 tt
6 3
5 H
8% .
2 1'
\i. 8tr.
6H in
7 2n
118 2
6 2. 6 H
4 1 T
2 1 6 n
3 h 4 H
\i.
Str.
Fin. Jockeys. Op.
1 2 O'Connor ... 4
2 3 Coburn 3-2
3 >4 J. Walsh.... 50
4 1 J. Martin... 3
6 n Fauntleroy . 10
6 H J. Daly....; 15
7 ¦ [Ranach t
Fin.
Jockeys.
' op.
HI.
HI.
4
11-5
50
7-2
IS
30 "
15
Cl. PI.
S 4-5
8-6 8-5
50 10
7-2 4-6
.15 4
30 8
12 4
Cl.
PI.
, ro.
nd» Hone and' ¦*Veight.|rst[St
%•
%.
Btr.
Fin.
Jockeys.
' Op.
HI.
Sf i£
1 1 1 —
. .
1403) Sad Sam 105 6
1395 Mprida 103 7
Satin Coat 112 3
1425 Scre^nwfll Lake.105 1
1375 Andrattus 109 6
1403 Lilly DIrrr 103 2
1346 El Toolo 1C6 4
2
3
6
4
1
S
1 1
2 h
6 H •
3 h
S 2
4 h
14 18
2 n 3 h
.62 8 h
3 1H 4 1
4 S 5 4
6 3 6 10
7 7
1 6 J. Martin... 3
2 ns Buchanan .'. 20
8 3 N. Turner 8
4 n Frawley ".:. 4
6 5 W'pdderat'd 7-10
1 6 15 Mounce 10
7 Domlnlck .. 30
5
80
15 .
6
4-5
20
100
4
80
15
6
1-2
20
100
1
15
6
2
1-4
»
40
ndex|Horse and Weight. Pst|St. %. K. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op.
14">6 Specific 107 6 4 4 2 3n 1 n 1 2 O'Connor ... 6-5
1376) Asian 102 . 7 .8 .. 2 I 2 2 21 2 n Monnce .... 3
1415) Vulcaln 112 1 .5 6 10 4 2 4 2 8 1-. Coburn 8-5
1S3S) Flush of Gold.... 104 3 1 ; 3n 66 63 42 J.' Woods... 4
1430 Vohicer 107 4 2 l.fl 12 3% 6 6 WVddersfd 15
WiO Pupil 107 6 6 6 4 6 6 6 Dangman .. 20
lir.2 Rio Shannon 102 2 " 7 *- Domlnlck .. P0
- netting -.
Hi. Cl. PI.
8-5 6-5 2-5
4 4 1
8 5-2 1
7 6 9
50 40 8
40 ' 40 10
200 200 80
Po.
ndex Horse. Age, Weight. Pst SL
IOS Vantlne, 3 102 2 6
H25 Letiger. 3 102 4 9
H25 Ting-a-Ling, 3.. ..105 8 3
1131 Onyx, 4 107 9 1
M25 Anita B. 8 99 6 3
1230 Canejo, 3 99 11 10
Sweet Voice, 8.... 89 6 7
1106 Sartneld, 3 .\..1O2 10 4
1S60 Lew Zara. 3 100 1 6 •
1342 Gn»y Bob, 3 101 3 8
Dr. Boyle, 3 99 7 11
SI 4 n ,
8 1 6 1
2 h 2 1
11 11
6 1 6 1
9 H 7 2
10 15 10 5
4 b 9 1
-71 SI
6h 3h
11 11
Rtr.
Fin.
1 2
2 1
3 1
4 2
6 3
6
I
10
11
Jockeys.
Mounce
O'Connor ...
J. Woods....
Frawley ....
Domlnlek ..
Fauntleroy
Martin
Co burn
Meany
GafEney . . . .
|Matthewa ..
Jockeys.
Op.
4
6-2
4
5
8
15
DO
10
20
6
10
- Bett:
HI.
6
6-2
15
12
12
SO .
100-
80
100
10
as
n cu pi?
8-5
2
is
12
12
so
100
so
100
10
85
3-5
3-5
5
4
4
10
40
12
40
4
10
Po.
ndex Horse, Age, Weight. Pet St.
K.
H.
Str?
Fin.
Jockeys.
\ r — — Betting -
Op. Hi. Cl.
PI.
1409 Dr. Bernays, 5... 109 4 3
1429 IGoldoiie. 3 103 S 2
1415 fWax, 3 103 1 1
.... IHaviland, 3.......100 2 4
3 h 4 In
in 2 IVi 4
2 1H 1 n 3 n
4 8 n 2n
1 1V4 O'Connor ...
2 Ht Domtnick ..
8 6 Coburn
4 Matthews ..
2
6-5
4
8^
11-5
6-5
10
10
11-5
9-10
7
- 9
¦ 2-i
1-:
6-!
IPo.1
ndex Horse. Age, Weight. Pst St.
H.
%•
; Str.'
Fin. j
Jockeys.
L Benin* ,
Op. HI. Cl. PI.
: ¦ —
1411
1X30
]299
1427
1412)
1426
1S35
U94
ISea Lion. 4 112 4 i
Bppsle Lee. 5 109 2 7
TIburon, -4 112 3 3
Dunblane, 3.. 107 '1 6
Plohn. 3 : 104 • 7 2
Imp. Mistral 11,6.112 8 8
Tizona. 3 106 6 9
Ontlnela, a 109 10 4
Esplrando. 5 109 9 5
Dunboy. 6 109 5 10
3 '4
4 2
1 h
7 2
6 1
9 10
2 2
8 2
5 1
10
2 V4:
4 1 '
1 1
6 <A]
1 2
9 15
3 1
3 1
5 3
10
! 1 n
' 8 1
2 n
4 2
6 1
6 S
1 H
8 1
9
10
13 ;
2 n
5 1
4 1
6 2
6 1
7 5
8 6
9 15
10
r. J. Miller....
Coburn
N. Turner..
Mounee
O'Connor ...
Fallehy ....
Farrell
See-.. ........
Domlnlck ..
F. Kelly....
7-5
7
3
4
6
60
60
30
12
60
6-2
10
7-2
8
%
60
40
100
20
100
6-5
10
7-2
8
8
60
40
ICO
20
100
2-8
3
1
8
5-2
20
12
60
8
40
:ndex Horse and "Weight. 'Pstjst.
1421 Janlcn 104 2 2
13S5 Golden Ago 120 1 1
1403 Klngstelle 80 6 7
1429 Tyr 105 3 4
1348 Grafter 86 5 5
1414) Cougar 85 7 S
1174) Rollick 92 4 3
4 1
1 tt
6 3
5 H
8% .
2 1'
\i. 8tr.
6H in
7 2n
118 2
6 2. 6 H
4 1 T
2 1 6 n
3 h 4 H
\i.
Str.
Fin. Jockeys. Op.
1 2 O'Connor ... 4
2 3 Coburn 3-2
3 >4 J. Walsh.... 50
4 1 J. Martin... 3
6 n Fauntleroy . 10
6 H J. Daly....; 15
7 ¦ [Ranach t
Fin.
Jockeys.
' op.
HI.
HI.
4
11-5
50
7-2
IS
30 "
15
Cl. PI.
S 4-5
8-6 8-5
50 10
7-2 4-6
.15 4
30 8
12 4
Cl.
PI.
, ro.
nd» Hone and' ¦*Veight.|rst[St
%•
%.
Btr.
Fin.
Jockeys.
' Op.
HI.
Sf i£
1 1 1 —
. .
1403) Sad Sam 105 6
1395 Mprida 103 7
Satin Coat 112 3
1425 Scre^nwfll Lake.105 1
1375 Andrattus 109 6
1403 Lilly DIrrr 103 2
1346 El Toolo 1C6 4
2
3
6
4
1
S
1 1
2 h
6 H •
3 h
S 2
4 h
14 18
2 n 3 h
.62 8 h
3 1H 4 1
4 S 5 4
6 3 6 10
7 7
1 6 J. Martin... 3
2 ns Buchanan .'. 20
8 3 N. Turner 8
4 n Frawley ".:. 4
6 5 W'pdderat'd 7-10
1 6 15 Mounce 10
7 Domlnlck .. 30
5
80
15 .
6
4-5
20
100
4
80
15
6
1-2
20
100
1
15
6
2
1-4
»
40
ndex|Horse and Weight. Pst|St. %. K. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op.
14">6 Specific 107 6 4 4 2 3n 1 n 1 2 O'Connor ... 6-5
1376) Asian 102 . 7 .8 .. 2 I 2 2 21 2 n Monnce .... 3
1415) Vulcaln 112 1 .5 6 10 4 2 4 2 8 1-. Coburn 8-5
1S3S) Flush of Gold.... 104 3 1 ; 3n 66 63 42 J.' Woods... 4
1430 Vohicer 107 4 2 l.fl 12 3% 6 6 WVddersfd 15
WiO Pupil 107 6 6 6 4 6 6 6 Dangman .. 20
lir.2 Rio Shannon 102 2 " 7 *- Domlnlck .. P0
- netting -.
Hi. Cl. PI.
8-5 6-5 2-5
4 4 1
8 5-2 1
7 6 9
50 40 8
40 ' 40 10
200 200 80
Telephone subscribers on
can obtain 2-party line service as follows :
Guarantee of 20 Cents per Day for Business and
Guarantee of 10 Cents per Day for Residences.
APPLY 216 BUSH STREET,
Pacific States Telephone and Telegraph Company.Switzerland complains .that the cheese
trade is a little dull, and yet, during 1899.
that country exported $8,000,000 worth of
cheese.
By an oversight of the person who
/•.anded over the body to the Morgue of
!i<-ia!s the name of the man who died in
the railroad hospital yesterday morning
-!i«irtly after midnignt was given as
•Mal'iWy." The mistake was rectlncl
yesterday aft«*m<K>n and the name of kt.
T. <5oW was substituted for Maioney.
- The Southern P.icinc- offl'-ials intend to
!?t no stone k<i unturnoil in an endeavor
i-i place the blame for the accident.
r if,;-!t the wr«*<-k was due primarily to
Jtv-'gn'ss carelessness of Conductor C.
Patrick 1 • rgu- waa a native of Ire
!a::d. 25 yearc old at.o unmarried, airl
K^lliher was born ln California thlrty
th<.»> year* ago. He resided at. 1018>a Outr
-ero street.
John Daly was 23 years old and a na
tlri of f'-ntland. He had been employed
by the company only a short time and
;;ttl» is known of him. He died from t!v?
? ffe<Ms» of a compound iracture of several
rili?. whirh iiennratffl the left lung.
Three more victims of Tuesday's freight
WTfrk near Suisun died at the Southern
Pa- iftc Hospital 4n :his city yesterday.
¦Rhfcli swells* the list of fatalities to ten.
Patrick Fersrus and Thomas Kelliher
'<¦ ; ¦;• d <iurinz the morning and last evening
John Daly passed away. It was state;l
h\ the hospital late '.net night that no
more deaths would likely result among
the injured unless unforeseen compllca
;i''r!F set in.
SUISUN. Dec. 5.—The inquest over the
remains of live men killed ln the railroad
wreck has been postponed to Friday morn-
ing. Coroner McDonald took this action
at the request of District Attorney Devlin,
who was unable to attend the inquiry to
day. None of the bodies ln the Morgue
have as yet been claimed.
Charles Johnson and Algernon Murphy,
employed as waiters in the City and
County Hospital, were nearly asphyxiat
ed in their room In the employes' head
quarters Tuesday night. The two men
had retired for sleep and during the night
the gasplpe attached to the stove usai
for heating the room became loosened and
the room was soon filled with the deadly
fluid. At 5:30 o'clock yesterday morning
Frank Johnson, another employe, proceed
ed a« was his custom, to awaken' the
sleeping men and discovered both of them
unconscious from the effects of the es
caping gas. Help was summoned and
Murphy was soon aroused from his stupor
and is now fully recovered. Johnson re
gained consciousness, but is still suffcr
i"S- - - '- . •
Two Men Nearly Asphyxiated.
W. Steelc and Engineer H. M. Tracy the
railroad oineialfc do not hesitate to de- |
clare, but whether there' are other em
ployes who should share some of the
blame is a matter that can be determined
only by a rigid Investigation. Most of
the railroad hands who were on ooard
the ill fated train and who escaped in
jury were summoned to attend an inquest
in Solano County, yesterday, so the exam
ination by Division Superintendent J.
Agler was deferred until to-day or to
morrow. There will be three difterent in
quests and the employes must attend all
of them. , ,.
Mr. Agler said yesterday that he would
examine the train crew as soon as an
opportunity afforded.
"I shall take the sworn statements of
Stcele and Tracy," said the superintend
ent, "and these, accompanied by my own
report, will be submitted to the general
manager. There s=eema to be no doubt
thai Steele blundered, but he will be
given every opportunity to clear himself."
Conductor Steele says he pulled out
from Sui«un without waiting for the
freight to pass him, because the agent
at Hufsun told him that the freight was
four hours late, and he thought he had
ample time to make the run to Elmira.
General Manager Kruttschnitt said yes
terday afternoon that nothing had devel
oped ln the last twenty-four hours w.iich
-vould tend to shift the responsibility of
the accident.
"It rests with Conductor Steele,' he
said, "to explain his conduct. We shall
r'vt- him a hearing after the Inquest 1 ? are
linlshed." •
Mr. Kruttschnltt said that the company
has Fecurcd suitable burial grounds at
Pulsun, and that the dead which are not
c'alfned by relatives or friends will be
I.roperly interred at the expense of the
railroad.
In regard to possible claims for dam
c£os against the company David R. Ses
sions, claims attorney for the railroad,
said yesterday that none of the injured
would' be able to recover anything from
the company, as the accident was clearly
one ln which the employes were the re
tponslble parties.
Telegrams to the local officials, received
yesterday, stated that the tracks had
been cleared of the debris and all trains
were run over the line according to reg
ular schedule during the day.
OAKLAND. Dec. 5.— There will be an in
qu/st to-morrow evening in the case of B.
M. Mahoney, the section hand who died
from his injuries In the Sulsun wreck
while being removed to the Southern Pa
ciflc Hospital of San Francisco. The body
was taken to the Morgue in this city.
MONEY MAY NOT
ESCHEAT TO THE
STATE TREASURY
an Heir of the Late
Joseph Sullivan.
Detective Morse Discovers
Through the efforts of Harry N.- Morse
detective, a legitimate heir of Joseph Sul
livan, the tailor, who died at the French
Hospitol ln May, 1809, has been found. He
is said to be in England and has given
proof positive that he is a relative of the
dead man. The small fortune which led
three men to commit crimes, which,
through the expose ln The Call, brought
them within the meshes of the law. will
not escheat to the State for want of an
heir. A letter received yesterday by. the
Morse Detective Agency in answer to an
advertisement published in the London
newspapers; is so conclusive that the At
torney General. has given up all hope of
turning the money Into the State's treas
ury. . .
This latest development in the now
famous case recalls the attempt to loot
this estate, the result of which was the
conviction of John M. Chretien of forgery,
the disgrace of James Taylor Rogers and
the trial now pending of Fred Hansted,
alias "Young DutcHy," on a charge of ut
tering a forged instrument.
In order that the money left by Sullivan
could be turned over to tho State it was
necessary for the Attorney- General to
show that there were -no heirs at law.- He
engaged Harry N. Morse to Investigate
the matter and the detective reported that
the better plan was to advertise in the
English- newspapers, the decedent having
been a native of England. The advertise
ment was placed in leading London papers
and in the course of time a number of
letters were received by Morse. The let
ter writers were unable to prove their re
lationship and it seemed almost certain
that the money would go to the State.
Yesterday, however, a missive arrived
from England, which not only proves the
writer's relationship, but shows beyond a
doubt that Joseph Sullivan, deceased, had
a relative who is entitled to the much
talked of estate. .
The Epicure's Delight
BLACK & TAN— "the American Porter."— the
newest product of the Anheuser-Busch Brew-
Ins Aes'n, is deliclously ' piquant in flavor,
tempting and pleasing to the palate.
Convicted of Burglary.
Harry Altgeld was convicted by. a Jury
In | Judge I^awlor's court yesterday on a
charge of burglary. He broke into the
house of Mrs. Kate Harvey, 601 Post
street, and stole .¦ several articles belong
ing to one of the roomers. He will be sen
tenced Saturday. . ¦¦;. . ¦•. • ;'. • ,'
grading a road around the glass works,
was the last witness befqre the adjourn
ment until this morning.
ATTORNEY EISNER QUESTIONING WITNESS AT SESSION OF THE INQUEST ON THE VICTIMS OF THE THANKSGIVING DAY CATASTRO
PHE. JUSTICE OF THE PEACE BARRY, PRESIDING FOR CORONER COLE, ASKS POINTED QUESTIONS CONCERNING EFFORTS TO KEEP THE
CROWD OFF THE PREMISES AND TO GIVE WARNING OF DANGER. • •
It Is pleasant to read in "A Few Memo
ries" of Mme. de Navarro (.Miss Mary
Anderson) how every effort was made to
make a successful play of "Tt.e Winter's
Tale." Miss Anderson says that she fol
lowed the suggestion : of Thomas Hall
and played the two parts of Hermlone and
Perdita, thus keeping alive an unbroken
Interest in the mother and child, who
have, been separated " for the best part of
two acts by the plan of the dramatist.
Success crowned her efforts. I never
heard more enthusiasm expressed within
the walls of a theater than during the
last week ' of Miss Anderson's perform
ance at the. Lyceum. When a Lyceum au
dience shouts "Mary. Mary.", and- de
mands a "speech" one may be sure thit
the Englishman feels something and must
give utterance to it. It was a triumph
CROTCAIi ESTnvr.ATE OP THE
PLAY.
Looks on all alike. T-'ffP'^-
She looks pleadingly at . Floriael. who
says no sustaining word, and begs him
for his sake be gone. There is no thought
of reproach because he has raised imprac
ticable expectations and sported with her
feelings. He is the heir apparent, and his
rights with her are paramount. She Is as
sailed cruelly by her father, but she does
not retort angrily or weep hot tears or
show one look of indignation at this slan
der. But his injustice helps her see the
path before her. Cast off by her father,
she must flee with the prince, whom Ca
millo sustains in his disloyalty. So she
will go to Sicily as the friendless maid tor
whom a crown prince risks the loss of a
throne. But she thinks no evil, and goes
forward knowing the power there is in
her to enact and exact the right. And
Florizel's whim of having her arrayed in
the robes of a court lady prepares her for
a fitting entry into her father's. capital.
We do not seePerdita much again. Her
mother is restored to the play, and she
must assume a secondary role. W e could
have been sure that Shakespeare would
bring the daughter and her mother to
gether ln an artistic subordination that
should be glorifying to them both. It is
a beautiful moment when this country
maid, who has never seen paintings or
statues or cunning handiwork before,
kneels before Hermlone in Paulinas be
wildering gallery. What Influences, tel
epathic or other, draw her Shakespeare
does not reveal and maybe does not pre
tend to know. But he has convinced us
that she'could not have knelt to a paint
ed image of cold stone, yet cannot 'but
kneel to the real presence of the Queen,
¦who bore her in Imprisonment, sorrow and
desolation. • . L. U. SHERMAN.
University of Kabraska.
~ With such a mind, such vision. Perdlta
wins her way with the group about her
and with ourselves. Then in due course,
comes the moment when the author, using
Pollxenes' weak and petulant teraPff to
turn the plot and give the lovers a chance
of escape, makes him accuse her -of hay
in tr with purpose and knowledge bewitched
the prince and threaten to efface her
beauty. But there Is no anger and no
confusion:
I was not much af eared. For once or twice
I was about to speak and tell him plainly
The selfsame sun that nhines upon hts court
HM*s*not his vlsase from our cottage, but
(Concluded.)
"When Leontes first essayed to match
himself against the majesty of Hermione's
mind. In the first scene: In the last act, he
was put quickly to confusion. Now, sim
ilarly, he Is demoralized and abashed. Ho
forgets the dignity of the court, with
which he has tried to fortify himself; he
abandons his official role and descends to
domestic scolding. 'Hermione does not
disdain to reply to him, for his sake, upon
this plane. . He has no recourse but to
make new charges and declare .that her
doom is fixed already. This stirs no re
calcitrant feeling, though something very
different springs up In her heart:
Blr, inre your threats;
The bue which you -would fright me with I
seek.
To me can life be no commodity.
The crown and comfort of my life, your favor.
I do Blve lost, for I do feel it gone.
But know not how It went.
That- her affection for him is not extin
guished In spite of all he has done to for
feit It, that she misses It and longs for It
even at this moment, Is sublimely pa
thetic, and shows the measure or her
character and devotion. -
There have been wide departures here
from the treatment employed In "Cymbe
line." In that play Imogen conquers by
Influences of innocence and meekness that
go out from her personality. Hermione
conquers by far more and potent forces.
Imogen's wifely spirit was ruffled, for the
moment, at the Injustice and indirection
of her husband's order. Hermione resists
not the intended evil by so much as a
frown. Immediately the attack upon her
Is changed to a defense against her. The
assailant seems vanquished, disarmed, hu
miliated. We do not much understand the
psychology of such a rout; there have nut
been examples enough for study. It is
evident enough that evil, when unresisted,
as here, for the sake of the one attempt
ing to inflict it, recoils upon the adver
sary's head. '"¦<'
It is Interesting to compere the daugh
ter, so far as she has been developed to
us, with her mother. Perdita is not so
stalwart and self-poised; there Is less of
the true and more of beauty in her na
ture. She stands between Hermione ana
Imogen. She has grown up in a shep
herd's cottage, without knowledge of the
world and unsuspecting that she is of
gentle birth. Florizel, son of King Pollx
enes, following his falcon across her sup
posed father's lands, now greatly broad
ened by her treasure, chances to see her
and is attracted by her dignity and beau
ty He has wooed her in the guise of a
great "landholder, under the name of r>p
ricles. So he is presented to us at the
opening of scene 4 In the fourth act, in a
shepherd's frock put on over his court
dress, while he has persuaded Perdita to
don a gown and finery brought from the
palace. She has arrayed herself in the
costly clothing to please her lover, caring
nothing for the elegance and sorry to out
shine the neighbor farm girls and swains
who are to be her guests.
It is Perdita's part to be mistress of the
festival in her dead mother's place; and
Shakespeare has wished us to eee a
queen's child rise to her true plane by na
tive nobleness, and without Instruction, in
a shepherd's cottage. So he has constitu
ted her wooer capable of the whim of
robing her as queen indeed. Florizel is
made in turn to have put on shepherd a
garments for plot reasons, soon to appear
Perdita wholly unprovided with social
forms, receives the awkward bucolic com
pany in the great living-room and for .he
moment seems at a loss. Her lov*r is
standing by unasSlsting and waiting to
«ee her entertain them sprightly, as ho
is sure she will. Two men, manifestly of
substance, but strangers, have presented
themselves as of the company and are
giving her father particular concern. Per
dita begins by bidding these a somewhat
formal welcome. In default of better
courtesy she bestows on them flowers tnat
suit with years they have not yet reached
but have affected in their disguise, Jj It is
an easy victory for men of glib court
tongues to pretend that they are dis
pleaVed. end pretty is the dismay with
which #*erdlta tries to excuse her error.
The ktlTg draws her into an argument be
ing curious to *ee what wit she has. W ith
this she finds her strength, and. from this
moment assumes unconscious mastery of
U»e situation. Turning from the greal
gentlemen who have monopolized her at
tention hitherto, she greets her girl fiends
from the neighboring farms half absorbed
with interpretative insight into the world
of beauty: Now _ my tBirtat frlend
I would I had some flowers o' the spring that
Become B your time of day; and yours. O Pros-
For thT'aoWert now that frighted thou lefst
fall _ _ ...
From Dls's wagon! Daffodils,
ThlT come before the swallow dares, and take
The winds of March with beauty: violets dim
Bui sweefer than the lids of Juno's eyes,
Or Cytherea-s breath; pale Primroses.
ThT crown imperial: lllle. <*•""«*»• 1jlrk
The flower-de-luce beirw one-O the?e I lac*.
To make you garland* of. and. my sweet
friend. '' ' ,
To strew him o'er and o er.
Heroines of "The Winter's Tale."
for Miss Anderson and a greater triumph
for Shakespeare. Would that all those .
older critics could have witnessed such an
Ideal rendering ot Shakespeare's last play.
The beauty and grace with which MUs
Anderson as the shepherdess Perdita led
the long dance of the s>Iiepherd3 and shep
herdesses, tho picturesque and lovely ap
pearance she presented in the stattto
scene, leave two pictures upon the mem
ory that can never be effaced and readily
make us believe that Shakespeare never
created two scenes more potentially po
etical and spectacularly fascinating.
Traditionally "The Winter's Tale" has
not been a successful play. The romantic
story of Greene, probably one of the mo3t
popular of Greene's many novels, is the
source of this rtrnma. And in thi3 play
perhaps more than in all hia other adap
tations the dramatist seems to fail to in
sert all the detaiU and logical sequences
provided for the reader by the novelist,
bu,t ' apparently disregaided, toy the play
wi^ght. Greene, the writer of plays an"1
novels, looked upon Shakespeare as a pla
giarist. He Is supposed to have had
Shakespeare ln mind when he accused
some dramatists of being "beautified with,
our feathers." How Greene would havo
enjoyed Shakespeare's last pluck out of
hia plumage.
True it is. as Mr. Frederick S. Boas
writes, "The unfortunate 'Roberto'
(Greene) >as not, however, gone quite un
avenged. His story, in spite of its great
popularity with the reading public, waa
in many, respects a daranosa hereditas to
a dramatist, and even Shakespeare
could not transform it into a play with
unity of motive or of action." Shakes
peare did more than take Greene's
"feathers." He made a choice of the
same. Not only did he change* the title
of the story, which was known as "Pan
dosto; or Dorastus and Faunia," but ho
also materially altered the character of
the tale. In Greene's story Eglstus,
King of Sicily, visits Pandosto, King of
Bohemia. Pandosto's love for hia royal
guest suddenly becomes metamorphosed
Into a raging Jealousy of both his guest
and his own wife, Bellarta, The Innocent
wife succumbs to the shock, but Egi3tus
escapes from the Jealous madman. Not
satisfied with the murder of his wife the
tyrant Pandosto now exposes her babe
Faunia, the coming heroine of the tale,
to the mercy of the elements. The child
drifts on the seas to the coast of Slcilia
and is there rescued by the shepherds.
| The life of the princess shepherdess
glides gently on until the princely son of
Eglstus Is made to cross it by happy
chance. This Prince Dorastus falls in
love with the shepherdess and elopes with
her on board a ship. This was all con
trary to the plan3 of the father Egistus.
who had arranged a marriage with a
Danish Princess for him. Destiny, how
ever, seemed to oppose this fatherly
scheme. On board this same storm-tossed
ship was the wily shepherd who had in
his possession the trinkets needful to
prove the royal lineage of the rustic
Faunia. It was a storm that drove this
shipload of fateful people upon the coast
of Bohemia, for Greene's Bohemia also
has a seashore, and it was a stormy, pas
sionate conclusion that that writer gave
to his story. Pandosto unwittingly falls
in love with his own daughter and upon
discovering this error he becomes melan
choly and finally commits suicide.
From, this brief and imperfect account
It will be noticed that the dramatist's
story differs very greatly and fundament
ally from that of the novelist. The very
names of the characters are changed, and
the names of the two countries, Sicily and
Eohemia, are Interchanged. Shakes
peare adds the characters of Antlgonus,
Paulina, Autolycus and the clown. Trac
ing the plot of the tale, one will note that
Shakespeare keeps fairly close to the ac
count of the novelist, drifting awav only
now and then during the first three acts.
As Mr. Wendell has observed. "The first
three acts make a complete independent
tragedy, involving the deaths of Mamil
lius and Antigonui". and, so far as you can
tell for the moment, the still more tragic
end of Hermlone."
One very noticeable point attacked by
critics ln this part of Shakespeare's work
.is the slight motivation given to the ab
normally jealous passion of I/eontes.
Greene's novel informs us of the growing
intimacy between Egistus and Bellaria.
while Pandosto was absorbed in -the af
fairs of state. Such a mere trifle it seems
to be that throws Leontes into this vio
lent madness. We are not dealing now
with a Posthumus or an Othello.- Her
mione urges Polixenes to prolong his visit
at the court of Leonteg. and this. too. at
the request of Leontes. Suspicion sud
denly enters the mind of leontes, and
Shakespeare lets It grow Into a monster
of jealousy, until Leontes brings his no
ble queen to trial before her own court
all in vain. The king Is blind with pas
sion.
The most striking differences between
the novel and the drama are to be traced
in the fourth and fifth acts. Here again,
to quote Mr. Wendell. "The last two acts
make a complete Independent comedy
which, taking up the story at Its moat
tragic point, leads to a final denouement
of reconciliation and romantic serenity.'"
This play, then, falls Into two parts, parts
of a very different character. One now
understands -why the Interest in the plot
and characters is so hard to sustain, and
how* happy was the Jdea. to have Miss
Anderson combine thesei two characters,
mother and daughter. As Greene's story
runs, the interest of the reader Is sus
tained by the love episode In which Do
rastus and Faunia are the leading play
er?. In the novel the first part of the plot
seems a mere Introduction to this love ro
mance of "Faunia. While with the play
we are delighted only for a time, in tha
fourth act. with the fascinating Move
scenes between Perdita and 'Florlzel.
Charmed with the grace and simplicity of
Perdita. the listener is still conscious that
she is not merely to be seen and enjoyed
but for her is destined a greater part in
the plot. She Is to be rescued and to soft
en the sadness of her mother's wrongs.
Were it not for this fourth act the play
would be somber enough. And it is the
idyllic beauty, the sweet and simple pas
toralism, the Joyous and rustic merry
makings of the sheep-shearing feast, the
presence of the dancing and piping shep
herds and flhepherde^^a, the surround
ings of Arcadian woodland and fiower
land. It is all these that transport us back:
to the scenes of "As You Like It," to the-
English Faeryland of Shakespeare. It
may be a fancy, but it is a pleasing farifcy,
to associate these last scenes of the great
dramatist's last play with the Arden of
his beloved "Warwickshire: to think of the
poet now Sometime retired to his former
country home, delighting again in the
presentation of the rural surroundings
and characters of hl3 early life.
C. F. McCLUMPHA
• University of Minnesota.
stepped outfeide and saw that the roof
was black with people.
\V. F. Sullivan, a contractor who was
"About 2 o'clock."
Ignace Joscz, a furnace man, testified
that he had been stationed at the furnace
door of the factory to keep the crowd out.
He heard the people on the roof and prob
ably eight minutes before the accident he
THREE VICTIMS OF SUISUN WRECK DIE IN THE HOSPITAL.
"I did. I -hreatened some of them with I
i, ii iro:i bar I had in my hand, and told j
:hem ihat no me had permission to en- i
;«>r. but they continued to brush past me." j
"How many men were employed on the I
I remises that day?"
'"Six or seven." ,
'Did you call any of them to your as
histanoe?"
"I did— the two who were near the break
jn the fenr«»; hut it was fntile."
Under the cross-examination of Attor
r.ey Eit-ncr, Mr. Davis said that the works
were not Jn operation yet. but were being
tested.
"Were there no policemen on duty near
There?" avked Juror Sheldon. "With such
a crowd and such an occasion it seems to
iv- that the po'.Jce should have been pres
ent outside the grounds in numbers."
Witness admitted peeing officers outside,
at the corner of Fifteenth and Harrison
nr*>eis.
In answer to another question Mr. Davis
eaid the roof was not built to support any
additional weight.
' ""Did you send any one up to warn the
persons on the roof of their danger?"
"I did not. I had til I could do to keep
mof" from coming in." was the answer.
J. Helline. who Is in r-harjre df the ware
hnufc of the plaps works, was called to
The stand. He corroborated the testimony
of Superintendent Davis as A the crowd
breaking in through the fence, and said
that h» saw fully men and boys climb
over the fence, ln spite of the warning
which he and Mr. Davis gave them. He
testified to having called up the office of
the Chief of Police, from which he was
connected with the Seventeenth-street
station. The man in charge said all his
men were detailed at the football game
and that witness should apply to Lieu
tf-nar.t Anderson at the grounds. He went
to one of the entrances, but did not suc
'« *-en ,D finding Anderson.
**I suppose Jf the police had come right
..ver." a*ked Juror Rosenblatt, "the ac
rident might have been prevented?"
Witness faid he had telephoned first
•^yr^HK inquest in the cases of the
victim? of the Thanksgiving day
trapedy was begun in Judge Ca
jJL bnniss' courtroom in the Hall of
Justice last night. Justice of th-»
I'.ace Barry, who is conducting the ln
\.>tipatlon. Coroner Cole being ill. shows.
a rfrterniln.it ion to make the inquest more
ihan a perfunctory examination of wit
nesses. His close questioning evinced
; iainly the feeling that the trapedy might
have hf>en prevented and that some ore
Ei responsible for the absence of propet
precautions.
Six witnesses were examined, after |
which an adjournment was taken to 10
o'clock this morning. Judge Dunne's ]
courtroom will he used for to-day's ses
sion. In nil there are about fifty wlt
r,ess<rs to be examine<i.
The courtroom was almost filled with :
men last night, there being a few women j
tnd boys present. Many of those present j
were relatives cf the victims of the acci- i
dert and their sorrowful and intense in
terest in the Investigation lent emphasis
to the tragic features.
Charles L. Weller, Assistant District
Attorney, was present to assist in the ex
rmination and M. S. Eisner was in at
tfndance as counsel lor the glass works
• umpary.
J. H. Davis, superintendent of the San
Francisco and Pacific Glass Works. wa.s
the first witness. As-ked to tell the elr
i unistanccs of the disaster he said:
•¦Anticipating the trouble on account of
the ball game. I ordered ,that work be t«us- 1
landed as much as por|lble and that n<>
. ::e be admitted to our grounds. About
1:30 o'clock I found that the crowd out
- -.< had broken some boards qft the fence.
1 had Sir. Selling nail these boards on. j
avA soon after it was reported to me that j
other boards had been broken off and that
men and boys were coming into the prem
iers in great numbers.
•"I f=*-nt Mr. Selling, an employe, for the
a^s-i^Trinre cf policemen, and later when I ,
found that he was unsuccessful I sent Mr. ¦
Campbell to find policemen. About that |
lime the \v:ui Later gave way and the peo- i
}>!«¦ nn it fen to the floor below."
"Did you attempt to keep the crowd
outr 1
••1 A\A T -hrr>i?f>n«»f? snmf nf th#>m with
a full half-hour before the roof gave way.
T. J. Cordon, a cleric and watchman at
the gla^s works, was called. He had been
stationed at the gate on the Harrison
street side to keep people off the premise*.
He had permitted about twelve people to
enter on pieces of paper Pigned by J.
Belling, asking that bearers be admitted.
These persons went into the factory, not
on the roof. Witness had finally left
the gate to go to the factory to try to
protect it against the crowd and when he
returned the gate had been opened and
the crowd was coming in.
F. Openshaw. the watchman at the pate
at Fifteenth and Folsom streets, said
that he- let two women and three men
< ntcr. They had cards of admission, but
witness did* not notice whether or not
there was any signature on the cards.
"Did you see any one on the roof?"
"Yes. I pnw about 200 up there." •
¦•What time was that?"
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
THIRTY SHAKESPEARE EVENINGS.
SHAKESPEARE'S PLAY WITH TWO HEROINES
Employes of the Manufactory Tell of Their Futile Efforts to
Keep Trespassers Off the Premises.
JUSTICE OF THE PEACE BARRY PUTS POINTED
QUESTIONS AT GLASS WORKS TRAGEDY INQUEST
... ...... . . - . »
THE SAN FRANCISCCK CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 6, 1900.
XV.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
9
Open Bvenlar*.
Rooms 7 to 11.
reliable furrier,
121 post Street.
(Don't Mistake the Number.)
AD. KOCOUR,
Our large stock of Fur Novel-
ties must be reduced within the
next 20 days.
Sealskin Jackets, $125 and ut>.
Persian Lamb Jackets. $1OO
and up.
Astrachan Jackets, 950 and up.
Mink Capes, Jf3o and up.
Stone " Marten Capes. $SO
and up. . ~
Black Marten Cape3, ?30
and up.
Silver Fox Neck Scarfs, $3O.
* Fur Capes, $9 uo.
Fur Necktie3. 9- up.
SPECIAL SALE OF
FURS.
Finally rheumatism of the joints set in.
;md now some of her joints are dislocated
I > the heavy deposits forming about them
and pushing them out of place, so that
*he ii« almost helpless. Her nervous sys-
lein was. wrecked and the optic nerve af-
. lotted so that she could not read without
bringing on nervous prostration and ln-
.. s^mnia that would last two or three
nifibts.
"L4u«t fall I heard of and commenced
\hf uso of Grape-Nuts as a food. It has
: ince been both food and medidne to me,
. for I have takpn very little medicine since
¦J began to use it. Af t*r ten months I find
a great improvement in my brain and
nerve power, am no longer troubled with
j-l'-t'lilessness. I suffer very much less with
my rheumatism and can read several
hours a day, one day after the other, and
, ."-leep well all night.
:^L"I am by no means entirely cured of
Rheumatism, but I have h.een made so
much better by the use of Grape-Nuts
:ood that 'I am cincerely thankful for it."
This name will be furnished by the
Postuin Cereal Co., Ltd., Battle Creek,
iUch.
A lady in Harrisbur*. O.. 1* frank
. ururh to say that while ehe has been
helped, r-he was not entirely cured in the
< hange of food and taking up Grape-Nuts
i-i'A. She says she began eating rich and
hirhly seasoned food when she was young
wild followed it until she set up a bad
Momach trouble, with severe attacks of
nervous Pick headache.
GRAPE-NUTS.
DID NOT CURL
But Greatly Helped by Chang* of
A Viennese seamstress gets only fifteen
cents for hemstitching ten dozen hand-
kerchiefs,"paying for her own thread and
light. ' >
Food.
1 FOR... . : I
H All women appreciate good perfume. We have alfthe latest odors in Eg
H Parisian and American perfumes. . ¦ v ; *. . |1
h Roger & Gallet's Paris, in plain and fancy boxes, Guerlain's Extract H
3 "Jicky," "Violets," "Grand Prix" Perfumery, Reynal's Paris, Grecian spe- H
H cialties, Pinaud's. Paris novelties, Solon Palmer's, Alfred Wright's, Lund- B
¦ borg's, Raymond's and other well-known American perfumes. ;?; - H-
I Perfumes in Fancy Boxes, Roger & Gallet, Paris, ' 1
KB Lesley's, LundborR's and Raymond's All the latest and popular odors ln stock, M
m Perfumes ln eamll bottles contained In Bome ln pIaln m^es and others ln H
H fancy boxes, from. ..23c t« Sl.(M) box « EM
H Roper & Gallet Paris Novelties in ex- fancy boxes. Kg
ffl qulKlte boxes, from VfnlettA dp Pnrmp Fxtraet 7!io IS
g$ $2.OO to *.V<M> box >«oiette ae farme extract ' H
gj Jergren's Souvenir Boxes, contalninK Peau d'EspaKne Extract OOe t
E| soap, sachet and bottle perfume Heliotrope Blanc Extract $1.00 .H
fj * S5c *" ach Vera Vlolette. Kxtract '..'..:.f l.OO gj
1 Rovnfll'Q Rrprian Pprfiimo« ! In<Mail Hay Extract - * 10 ° i
Eg ntijllul 0 UlCUdil rCllUIIICdi All the Toilet Waters, small slze's.$l.(>O B
PS ; Grecian Violet Rxtract. 1 oz 85c , .. V-?I. "v?^ if
H Grecian Violet Kxtrart. 2 oz fl.5O Cm PinSlin PsrlC ' SS
|5 Grecian Violet Water, small "¦(»(• Ull rlUuUUj IClllOt M
¦ ¦'• Grecian Violet -VVater. large........ ? l.OO Carnatlqn Pink Perfume Jl.BO g
H Keynals Peau d'Espagne— Violet, „ A , _. , „ „_ H
1% White Rose, Lilac Blanc. Hello- - Carnation Pink Soap..., J5c M
El trope Blanc — all odors $1.OO Other popular Pinaud Perfumes... S5c H
I A 5PEGIAL XMAS LEADER. I
I Crown Perfume Co. 's London Extract Crab H
I Apple Blossoms, 16 oz. (pint bottles). $6.60 each 1
n % ONLY A LIMITED QUANTITY AT THIS PRICE. fia
I iB CMTE DRUGGISTS ' wm I
I jrW[ San Francisco and Oakland J^||r 1Chicago Grain Market.
San Fr&nclsco data: Maximum temperature,
t4; minimum. 42; mean. 4S.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was dull. Creameries, 15@24c; Dairies
13@20. Cheese, active, 10H@llHc Eggs, active
fresh, 24c.
Foreign Futures.
THE. STOCK MARKET.
Oak Water 5s..lO5 —
Oceanic, SS os.110%11114
Om C Ry 6s. ..128 129>4
Pac G Imp 4s.l01 — '
P & Cl Ry 6s.".106 —
P & O R R 6s.ll5V4 —
Powell-st R 6s — —
Sac E G&R 5s. — —
SF.4 SJV 58.119& —
BId!Ank. .,', Bld.Ask'
4s quar coup..H5%116H 4s do cp (new). 138^139
4s do reg......ll4%115V» 3s do coup. ...no m
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay Co P Co.104 —
Cal-st Cab 3s. 119 —
C C Water Cs.108^4 —
Ed L & P 6s... 131 —
F & CIRy-6s. — —
Geary-st R 5s. — — "
H C 4 S BV4s.. — —
Do 5s... 101% —
L A Ry Gs....ll0fcUl
WEDNESDAY/ Dec. 5—2 p. m
UNITED STATES BONDS.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
* ; — "~~ — ; — : — x
Sales on the morning session of the Bond Ex
change were fair," but, quotations showed little
change. The afternoon was equally featureless.
On the Oil Exchange Caribou and Petroleum
Center were the active stocks, the general busl
nees of the board being liberal. .,
V l nc f. nt 11 to Margaret Bellman, lot
on N line of Thirteenth street. 80 E of Valen-
German Savings and Loan Society to Hattle
E. Swain (wife of E. M.). lot 19 block •
Marlon Tract (hospital lot): $10. '
Anna M.: Wiessner to Ella M. Lyle. lot on
Isaac and Emily Ellaser to James N and
TJllen Powell, lot on S line of Oak street T7-8
W of Shrader. W 25 by S 100" $10. ¦ "
William i . Trevlvlck to Isaac Ellaser. lot on
W iaft# «0 ** 8 * reet - 15 ° N of Fe ». N 25 by
W. M. and Evangellne M. Thompson to How
ard C. Holmes, lot on N line of Green street
137:6 E of Devlsadero. E 32 by N 137:6; $10
Louis and Katherine Holz to Edward B
Swales, lot on N line of Hayes stre»t 100 F
Philip and Delia C. McDonnell to Adam An
drew, lot on NE corner of Pine and Pierc«
streets. E 25 by N 87:6; »W. ree
George F. Lyon to Timothy and Ellen Callar
han, lot on S line of Clement street. 326 E of
Twenty-sixth avenue, E 27 :« by S 100- 110
John G. Klumpke to Peter Gernart' lot 1
West End quitclaim deed* $20 '
Samuel H. Batten to Henry S. Brickell 're
fers to 1874 D. 233. all interest In estate of *Jen
nle A. Brickell, No. 22967. S. F.. quitclaim
deed ; $5.
Raphael and Augustina Tardelll to William
T. and Mary A. Baker, lot on NW line of
Minna street, 125 NE of Sixth. NE 23 by NW
80; $10-
Harry H. Young to Hannah Barry, lot on SW
line of Morris avenue, 275 SE of Harrison sr
25 by SW 80; $10. '
Charles S. and Annie T. Laumeister to Cella
Clayburgh and Isaac Poly. lot on E corner ot
Mission and Main streets, NE 30 by SE 137-6"
Caroline Jackson (Shelton) and Elizabeth
Fleming to Giuseppe C. Vlschl. lot on E lino
ot Dupont street, 162:6 N of Filbert. N 25 by
E 62; J10. y
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
BOSTON, Dec K.— The "Wool and Cotton Re
porter will eay to-morrow: The tone of 'the
wodl market has been decidedly | quieter < ; the
past week; although a fair-sized -business has
been transacted, the sales amounting to about
3,500,000 pounds. .The bulk of these sales, how
ever, : consisted of some large lines moved by
three or four houses. . the rank and . file of the
trade representing a dull - market. The sales
so far as reported have been made at practi
cally unchanged prices. Nearly all the holders
In the -West * are still very firm: .The news
from abroad is of a more | encouraging . charac
ter. . Cables received the : past week" from Lon
don Indicate a firmer market and slightly bet-
Boston Wool Market.
SHEEP— Receipts, 18,000; sheep and lambs
generally eteady to strong, choice shade higher
Good to choice wethers, $4@4 40; fair to choice
mixed, $3 7»@4 05; Western sheep, $4(tf4 40^
Texas sheep, $2 B0©3 60; native lambs, 14ms 5u :
Western lambs, $4 7a@5 50. '
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 31,000; to-morrow
25.000; left over. 4000; 5@10c higher, closing
easier; top, |4 95.' Mixed and butchers' $4 go®
4 95; good to choice heavy, $4 60@4 92%- roue 1
heavy. $4 45®4 B5; light. $4 60®4 95; bulk of
sales. J4 7504 85. •
'CHICAGO. Dee. 5.— CATTLE— Receipts, 15,000
butchers' stock, steady to stronger. Good to
prime eteers. $5 45@6 05; poor to medium. »4<g>
C 35; selected feeders, eteady, $3 75@4 25; mixed
Btockers, $2 25@3 75; cows, $2 65@4 15; heifers,
$2 K>@4 60; canners', mostly 10c higher £2tfi
2 60; bulls. J2 60® 4 50; calves, slow. $3 eoffS 2i
Texas fed eteers, J4®5; Texas grass steer*
$3 30<?4 15; Texas bulls, $2 25O3 25. '
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Dec. Feb. Mar.
Opening 6 11>4 .... 6 «
Closing 6 11T4 .... 6 %
PARIS.
Wheat— Dec. Mar.-June.
Opening 20 45 21 80
Closing 20 40 2170
Flour-
Opening • 26 40 27 60
Closing 26 40 27 70
Chicago Livestock Market.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 39.000 18 000
Wheat, bushels 186.000 463.0M
Corn, bushels 377,000 643 000
OatB, bushels .» 342,003 '-154,000
Rye, bushels ..' .. ......
Barley, bushels 82.000 is 666
Flour, dull and steady: No. 3 spring wheat
67%® 704c; No. 2 red, 72@74c; No. 2 corn, 370
37%c; No. 2 yellow, 37%c; No. 2 oats, 23c; No
2 white, 26%c; No. 3 white, 25@26c; No. 2 rye
49@50c: fair to choice malting barley, 50@57c*
No. 1 flax seed. Jl 67@1 68; No. 1 Northwestern'
$1 71; prime timothy seed, J4 lOig^ 30; mess
pork, per barrel, $11 12V40U 25; lard, per 100
pounds. $7 2O@7 22H: short ribs aides (loose).
tn 50@6 75; dry salted shoulders (boxed), 5%«j
6Hc: short clear sides (boxed), $6 65@6 65
whisky, basis of high wines. $1 27; sugars, cut
loaf, unchanged; clover, contract grade, $10.
Cash quotations were as follows
NEVT YORK, Dec 5.— To-day's market Fcrae-
Ti-hat reversed the epeculatlve position of yes
tf-rday. The early part of the day eho\*ed a
continuance of the reactionary teauency. Lon-
Oon took its cue from the depreeslou here yte
terd&y and sold the Americans, offenass from
that source antountlr.g to some •O.joO **uirw.
1 he professional traders also contiiiucd bear
ish ar.d E3ld stocks phort. but it became obvious
ciunni: ti <• course of the day that th»»-»» «aa
11c urgent pressure to liquidate. Tuc decline
in pnat brought no large offerings and the
bears' v.trt disinclined on this Account to j.ur
i-'.'.c tt cir campaign. Consequently, they tiought
to coiei their contracts and turned the market
uyvsrd. The recovery was helped by strenyth
in a few etocks, but whether the upward
course of prices late In the day was due gen
rraJly to any other cause than the taking ff
l>ear profits on the short sales which were In
vited by yesterday's weakness remain* to be
(*en. The developments in the money market,
which is the true index of speculation at pres
ent, continue against the presumption for ac
tive eD'cLlation. Call money rates went tc
t Der cent to-day and .the movement of cur
rency to the interior continues una.bated. To
day t2lH..,(x.O wa* transferred through the Sub-
Treasury to Chicago and $275,000 to New Or
leans. This rate of depletion Is far too large
to penr.lt of any extensive credit expansion by
New York financial Institutions and would not
require a long continuance to force a sharp
contraction 01 loans. It will be remembered
that In the period of repression proceeding the
election bankers were practically unanimous
in the opinion that resources mutt be conserve.!
for'the enlarged requirements of business after
election. The outpouring of credits after elec
tion, however, was on such a large scale as
to ' overwhelm all demands and force, an e«isv
money rate, izi ppite of the furious (-peculation
•which raced for several weeks. In to-day's
market Atchipon preferred and Missouri Pacific
were strong: and Brooklyn Transit and the steel
Ftock* were in demand. Sugar was very feve-
lsh ar.d after rallying from early weakness to
aiKjut a point over last night, it lost the gain
again In a few minutes. The Amalgamated
Copper fchares had an extreme decline of 4U
before showing &ny resistance, but they strong
ly recovered over half the Iokb.
Business was better sustained In bonds than
in strides and Feme Important gains were
ehown, but there were aluo reactions in other
points. Total «Ues. par value. $4,025,000
United States refunding 2s declined % an«
the 3s and 4s and 5s fc per cent on the iaist
call.
NEW TORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Sold. Ftock- KiV?
2i,tJiO Atchison Sii.
27.100 Atchison prefd «u
7,000 Baltimore & Ohio * 73^
Can-vlian Pacific .....*" R5
1,100 Canada Southern Egi/
20.K* Chesapeake. & Ohio 371?
S00 Chicago Great Western - 14 2
2,000 Chicago, Burlington & Qulncy 12" 5
200 Chicago. Ind & Louisville...... 231*
Chicago, Ind & Louisville prefd"" E7*
300 Chicago & Eastern Illinois '.'." 971^
Chicago & Northwestern • "]66>^
3.230 Chicago. Rock Island & Pacific *"ii4i2
1,4'K) CCCfcSt Louis ."" 66U
100 Colorado Southern ' 7
100 Colorado Southern 1st prefd .'. 42V
Colorado Southern 2d pretd " 1714
400 Delaware * Hudson "ll5»Z
Delaware, Lack & Western .""lM>4
5,100 l>enver & Itio Grande 24\
500 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 79
lS.WiO Erie 16^
U.J00 Erie Irt prefd 4314
6f>0 Great Northern prefd .". 174
100 Hocking Coal ?1S
400 Hocking Valley 2S»i
200 Illinois Central 124'
ino Iowa Central ......".... 20
300 Iowa Central prefd 46
200 Lake Erie & Western 35
100 Lake Erie & Western prefd lot
Lake Shore 210'4
€.000 Louisville & Nashville 82«i
22,500 Manhattan Elevated '. 109H
7,000 Metropolitan Street Railway 167%
S«0 Mexican Central IS
• 300 Minneapolis & St Loute 64
Minneapolis & St "Louis prefd 99%
15,800 Miw>ourl Pacific 19%
Mobile & Ohio 40%
200 Missouri. Kansas & Texas U
EASTERN MARKETS.
Kezv York Stock Market.
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
December 71H 71T4 71H 71%
J a n uar y n% 72Mj 71% 71<*
February 72* t 72Ti 72H 72$
M £ y -V.-V 74^ 75 '-* «li 74H
Corn No. 3—
December 371* 3S 37H 37U
January 35*; 38U 35% 3«
M Oats- No/^- 36 * . S6Ti S6 * 26 *
December 21M 2U4 21*4 ziU
January 21% 21TJ 21« ">v£
May 2374 24 237X 23*4
Mess Pork, per barrel—
January 12 07ft 12 22^ 12 07% 12 22%
May 12 00 12 12V4 12 00 12 12H
Lard, per 100 pounds —
December 7 22M, 7 25 7 12H 7 17U
January 6 85 6 90 6 82^ 6 9<>
May : 6 90 6 97% 6 90 6 95
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds —
December . .... 6 30
January 6 27^ 6 27^4 6 25 6 27t4
May 6 35 6 37% 6 32^ 6 37%
WEDNESDAY. Dec. 5-4 d. m
Bid. Ask. I
Alpha 01 05 1
Alta 03 06
Andes 03 04
Belcher 16 17
Best & Belcher 25 261
Bullion 02 04
Caledonia 36 40
Chollar 15 16
Challenge Con. 21 22
Confidence 58 63
Con Cal & Va..l 25 1 30
Con Imperial... — 01
Con New York. 01 —
Eureka Con — 35
Crown Point... 12 13
Exchequer — 02
Gould & Curry- 62 53
Hale & Nor.... IS 19
Julia - — on 1
Bld.Ask.
Justice 03 05
Kentuck 02 03
Lady Wash — 03
Mexican 18 19
Occidental 05 06
Ophir 66 67
Overman 06 07
Potosl 13 14
Savage 08 09
Scorpion- — 04
Seg Belcher 03 04
Sierra Nevada. 27 28
Silver Hill. 48 49
St Louis ' 10
Standard 3 20 —
Syndicate 14 18
Union Con "20 21
Utah •* 03 05
Yellow Jacket.. 22 23
CLOSING QUOTATIONS,
200 Best & Belcher 27 300 Sierra Nevada. 2S
300 Best & Belcher 25 600 Silver Hill 45
2oo Challenge Con. 22 200 Silver Hill 50
200 Mexican 13 200 Union Con 21
300 Mexican 19 200 Yellow Jacket.. 22
200 Best & Belcher 29 200 Potosl 15
300 Best & Belcher 2S TOO Potosi 14
200 Chollar 15 200 Sliver Hill 48
1300 C C & Va....l 27H 200 Yellow Jacket.. 2R
200 C C &. Va......l 25 2o0 Yellow Jacket.. 25
350 Ophlr 721 50 Yellow Jacket.. 21
200 Ophtr 691
Morning Session.
The * following were the sales In the Pacific
Stock Board yesterday:
Afternoon Session.
200 Alpha. ."... 04| BOO Mexican IS
500 Belcher 16j210O Overman 07
700 Best & Belcher 25 400 Potosl 14
300 Challenge Con. 22 300 Sierra Nevada. 2S
BOO Chollar 16 100 Union Con 21
100 Con Cal & Va..l 15 £00 Utah 05
200 Hale & Nor 19 100 Yellow Jacket.. 23
MINIXG STOCKS.
The following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Andes 04 100 Justice 05
700 Belcher 17 100 Ophlr 6S
100 Best & Belcher 2S 100 Overman 07
100 Caledonia ...... 40 2CO Potosl 15
400 Chollar 15 200 Sierra Nevada. 29
150 Con Cal & Va..l K 300 Union Con 23
430 Gould & Curry. 51 SCO Yellow Jacket.. 23
Generally foggy weather prevails in the San
Joequin and southern portion of the Sacra
mento vallej-s and cloudy weather over Wash
ington, with rain along the Sound; elsewhere
weft of the Rocky Mountains it is clear.
The pressure has fallen slightly along the
Or.tral Pacific Coast and risen over the Rocky
Mountain region.
The changes in temperature have been slight
In ail districts. It remains abnormally warm
in Southern California.
Conditions are favorable for fair weather in
California Thursday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
frours ending midnight. December 6, 1900:
Northern California — Fair Thursday; light
northerly wind.
Southern California — Fair Thursday; light
rcrtherly wind.
Nevada— Fair Thursday.
Utah— Fair Thursday.
Arizona— Fair Thursday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Thursday:
lifcht northwest wind. G. H. WILLSON,
Liocal ForecMt Official.
WEATHEK COXDIT1OXS AXD GENERAL
FORECAST.
CHICAGO, Dec. 6.— At the beginning of trade
the wheat market was treated to surprise by
an advance at Paris equal to 1%@2%c. Liver
pool was also higher. There was a fair outside
demand and a disposition on the part of the
local shorts to cover. January opened %c higher
at 71T4f72c, and during the first hour sold to
72HS72V4C. On the bulge the outside demand
fell off and the trade which had been fairly
active became quiet and professional. A de
sire for profits on the part of longs, who were
Influenced by the continued liberal receipt? re
sulted in a decline to 71Hc Here the market
steadied and January closed %c up at 71'4
671*4 c.
Corn was very strong early chiefly because
of a. fear of a squeeze in the December deliv
ery under the same management that made
success of the November deal. Of the 214 cars
received to-day but one was of graded contract.
This so impressed shorts that December, which
opened *4@Hc higher at 37V»JT37 1 -4c. rallied
fharply to 2Sc. Here Phillips let out 400,000
bushels purchased yesterday and relieved the
tension. The close was strong, %c up at 37%c.
May was influenced considerably by wheat,
closing a shade lower at 36%@36%c.
Oats were exceptionally "dull. May closed
unchanged at 23%c.
Provisions opened strong on light hog re
ceipts and higher prices at the yards. Follow
ing this the market ruled easier for a time
under the belief that a leading bull was selling
December lard. Later a demand for lard by
this bull resulted in covering by shorts and a
rally ensued. January pork closed 20c higher
lard JOc up and ribs 7%c Improved.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
" Including the Oregon ducks mentioned yes
terday there were about 140 sacks of Game on
the market, and as the • demand was mod
erate, low prices still ruled. .
Another | car of Eastern Poultry Is at hand,
making 9 : thus far this week. /Under this
flood prices are . low of course. Dressed Tur
keys are hard, to move, and Hens and Roos
ters ¦are neglected. . ;> ¦..-'¦•
Sales of Eastern stock are reported at $4 so
@7 for : Ducks. , $2 for Geese. $3@3 50 for Hens
$3 50@4 for young Roosters, $3 50 . for old do'
$3@3 50 for Broilers, $1 for Pigeons : and $2 50
for Squabs. -., \. >
•POULTRY*— Live Turkeys, 9@10c for Gob
blers and 10@llc for Hens ; Dressed Turkeys
12H@15c; Geese, per pair, $1 75@2; Goslings, $1 75
@2;, Ducks, $3g3 50 for. old and $4@5 for young-
Hens, $3®4; Young Roosters, $4@4 25; Old
Roosters. $3 25@3 50; Fryers, $3 50(g4; Broilers,
$3@3 60 for large and $2 60<g3 for small : Pigeons,
*1 per dozen for old and $1 75®2 for Squabs. .
GAME— Quail, $1 12%@1 25; Mallard, $3@3 50;
Poultry and Game.
There was not much change In anything yes
terday, quotations for' all descriptions feeing
steady. " •
POTATOES— River Reds, 75®85c; Burbanks,
S5@50c for River and 90c@ll 15 per ctl for Sa
linas and 65c® $1 10 for- Oregon: Sweets, 35@3Cc
for River and 75@85c for Merced.
ONIONS— $135QT 50 per ctl; cut, $1 per sack;
Oregons, $1 76 per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, C@7c per lb;
String Beans, 8@10c; Limas, nominal; Cabbage
90c; Tomatoes, 75c@$l 60 for Los Angelee and
20@£0c for Bay; Egg Plant, Los Angeles, 6@10c
per lb; Green Peppers, 35@50c per -box; Dried
Peppers, 9Qllc; Carrots, 23<g35c per box; Cu
cumbers, 75c; i Summer .Squash, 75c@$l 50; Gar
lic, 4<g5c per lb; .Marrowfat Squash, $10<g:i2
per ton; Mushrooms, 6@15c per lb.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 65@2 75; Small White, $4®
4 20; Large White, $3@3 20; Pink. $2@2 15; Red,
$3@3 25; Blackeye, $3; Llmas, $5 35; Pea,
$4@4 25; Red Kidney, $3 75@4 per ctl.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, ¦ $2 50@2 75; Canary,
3%c per lb for California and 4c for Eastern;
Alfalfa, 7%@9%c; Rape, 2%@3c; Hemp, 4@4V>c;
Timothy, 4®4%c. .
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $2@2 50; Green,' $2 25®
2 75 per ctl; Blackeye, $2@2 50.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Beans have quieted down considerably dur
ing the past two or three days, though no de
cline le renorted.
The flrtnnees In Hay continues and sales over
the quotations are being made right along,
though the trade quotes no formal advance.
Several cars of choice wheat sold yesterday at
IU. Straw is firm at the noted advance and
Bran is strong.
BRAN— $14615 50 rer ton.
MIDDLINGS— $16 50(019 60 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, |16@17 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $25@26; Jobbing,
$26 50; Cocoanut Cake, $17@18; Corn Meal, $26®
27;. Cracked Corn, $26 50@27 50; Mixed Feed. $16
O16 50.
HAY — Volunteer, J5@8; Wheat, $11@13 60;
Wheat and Oat, $10@12 50; Oat. $9® 11 50;
Clover, $5@7; Alfalfa, $8@9 50; Barley, $7@9
per ton.
STRAW— 40@47%c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; -Rye Flour,. $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Elco Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $2 75;
extra cream do, $3 50; Oat Groats, (4 50; Hom
iny, |3 60@3 75; Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 25;
Cracked Wheat, $3 50; Farina, $4 SO; Whole
Wheat Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6@
7 23; In sacks, J3 7a@7; Pearl Barley, $5; Split
Peas, $5; Green Peas, $5 50 per 100 lbs.
FLOUn-Califomla Family Extras. $3 35®
3 50, usual terms; Bakers' Extras,' $3 15@3 25;
Oregon, i2 75@2 85 per barrel for family and
$2 75@3 for bakers' ; Washington, bakers',
(2 75@3.
CORN*— California Yellow. $1 15*31 20; Cali
fornia White, $1 20; Eastern Yellow, »1 15@1 20;
White, $1 20; Eastern mixed. $1 15@1 20 per ctl.
RYE— S5(590c rer ctl.
BUCKWHEAT-Quoted at $1 75@2 per ctl.
Flour and Millstuffs.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— May— 2000 ctls,
75%c. December— 2000, 76%c.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session — No sales.
Afternoon Session — No sales.
OATS — The. market rules firm,. 'with moderate
offerings and a good demand.
White, $1 30@l 50; Surprise, nominal; Red,
$1 20@! 30 for feed and $1 35@1 40 for seed;
Gray, nominal; Black, for feed, Jl 12%@1 20;
for seed. $1 20@l 30 per ctl.
Feed, 77%c for choice bright, 75c for No, 1
and 67%®72%c for off grades; Brewing and
Shipping grades. S0(ff?5c; Chevalier/ nominal.
Afternoon Session— May— 2000 ctls, $1 05%; k 22,
000. tl 05%. December (1901)— 2000, tl 09; 10,000,
*1 09H.
BARLEY — Offerings continue light and the
market is firm at full flguree.
Regular Morning Session — May — 16,000 ctls,
$106>i; 18.000, $1 C-6U; 26,000, U 05%; 25,000.
$100%; SOOO, Jl 06.
Informal Se6?ion»-9:15 o'clock— May— 4000 ctls,
$1 06U; 8000. $1 06%; 18,000, $1 06%.
Second Session— May — 1000 ctls. $1 06%; 10, COO,
*1 06%; 20uO. $1 0G?i.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Chicago opened firmer on better foreign ad
vices, with commission houses buying. A fair
export business at the seaboard was reported.
The wheat districts south of St. Louis were
reported badly Infested with the Hessian fly.
Minneapolis reported a good caah demand, with"
the millers the best buyers.
The local market was strong, with a further
advance, both on and off call.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. 97ViS9S?ic; Milling.
$1 02<6@l 05 per ctl.
WHEAT— Liverpool, Paris and New York
were all^ higher, though New York fell back
somewhat after the opening. The advance in
Paris v was said to be due to proposed legisla
tion to facilitate the exportation of Flour. The
Continental situation was firm and the Argen
tine conditions were etlll unfavorable.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — 4 82%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 86%
Sterling Cables — 4 87%
New Yorlt Exchange, sight — 5
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 714
Fine Stiver, per ounce — 64V4
Mexican Dollars, nominal 50% @ 61
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL MARKETS.
O20th Meriilan-Pacifie Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Dec. &-S p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
£s.te. as compared with thoee of the same date
last season, and rainfall in the last twenty
fcur hi>urs:
Mall advices from New York Bay:
"On the whole, the holiday buying for the
year up to date has been rather a dlsappoint
rr.ent. The warm weather is chiefly responsi
tole. without doubt, and high prices and election
contributed largely to the elownees. Consump
tive dezr.atd has picked up considerably in the
past two weeks, however.
"Walnuts of all ascriptions are hard to find.
Grcnobles and Naples lead in point of scarcity.
There were practically none on the spot on
Wednesday. Arrivals by recent steamers have
been only triSing. Filberts continue in good
demand, and art firm at ll'vc. Some almonds
are gelling at concessions. Mixed nuts are in
very pood demand at l'Hi.e. The trade In mixed
nuts has lieen particularly good this fall.
"Prunes are going out quite well. 60-70S and
SK'-IOC* being the sizes ciwl ¦wanted. Oregrons
tre in fair request. There twins to be a little
letter sentiment in raisins, due to the reports
from the coart that the association has been
buying outside poods there. Fancy raisins,
2dala£&a e*i>ecia!ly. have been In very good de
r..ir..-J during the past few days. Fancy Smyrna
ft^s are moving out fairly well and there is
eome little inquiry for California tigs, which
are scarce on the epot. A fair business is re
ported In 3-crown in cartons at 60c to arrive.
Some trade is reported in unpeeled peaches.
Apricots and pears are quiet. Dates continue
in pood demand, and the market is firm.
Evaporated an>les are weaker, prime on Wed
nesday being quoted at r.^^ 1 ,. Waste is firm."
Weather Report.
Dried Fruit and Nuts in New York
New York Money Market.
NEW TORK, Dec 5.— Money on call, steady.
NEW YORK. Dec. 5 — Th« Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram Kays:
The markets here were irregular and drooping
to-day. Paris again sold Tlntos freely, but
apparently recent reports of trouble were base
lets, the selling being due simply to profit
taking at the end, of the year and bearing
pressure of General Mercier's foolish talk
about invasion of England. London absorbed
the Paris Fales of Tlntos and Anacondas and
held the prl<* fairly firm. Americans were
neglected and heavy. London bought Erics
and Atchison, but New York discouraged an
advance and the close was at the worst. The
announcement of an isfue of treasury bills for
£2.000.000 hardened discounts. Money rates
unchanged. Paris exchange 25. 10.
CLOSING.
LONDON. Dec 6.— Atchison, 89%; Canadian
Pacific. 88%; Union Pacific preferred 83?-
Ncrthern Pacific preferred. 64; Grand Trunk'
6%; Anaconda, 9%; Rand Mines. 40>4; bar all
ve» steady,- 29 13-iGd per ounce; money 2 per
London Market.
1,000 Missouri, Kansas & Texas prefd.... 37?i
400 New Jersey Central 146^
4,130 New York Central 142%
4.200 Norfolk & Western 41%
140 Norfolk & Western prefd 81
lS.fcOO Northern Pacific 70«i
2.5KK) Northern Pacific prefd S1H
2,100 Ontario & Western 24ft
— ... Oregon Railway & Navigation 42
Oregon Ry & Navigation prefd 76
£,500 Pennsylvania 142^4
100 Reading .< 19H
Jl.SuO Reading 1st prefd 63
1.&0 Reading 2d prefd 30?i
Rio Grande Western 65
Rio Grande Western prefd 94Vi
3,300 St Louis & San Francisco 18%i.
100 St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 75
LOO St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 4614
1.000 St Louis, Southwestern 15%
3,:-C0 St Louis, Southwestern prefd 3SV4
14.WX) St Paul 126»i
4.C00 St Paul prefd 176',i
l'K) St Paul & Omaha 120
29.100 Southern Pacific 41H
2,200 Southern Railway 17"g
13.600 Southern Railway prefd 67V4
14.7i.rt Texas & Pacific 20%
26.7'X) Union Pacific 71H
5.C00 X'niun Pacific prefd.. S1H
S.J'iO Wabash 9
7,5-00 Wabaeh prefd 22^
1.000 Wheeling & L E 10 1 ,;
700 Wheeling & L E 2d prefd 264
Wisconsin Central 10»»
100 Third Avenue 114
1.IO0 National Tube 604
SW) National Tube prefd .., 1034
3,100 Baltimore & Ohio prefd SoH
Exprese companies — ¦ .
Adam« 140
American 160
100 United States 49
"WellR-Fargo 132
Miscellaneous—
American Cotton Oil S0V4
American Cotton Oil prefd 90
&00 American Malting- 5
"09 American Malting prefd 25
3,100 American Smelting & Refln 51»£
M0 American Smelting & Refln prefd.. 96
American Spirits ly,
American Spirits prefd 17
700 American Steel Hoop 27*4
100 American Steel Hoop prefd 76
21. 1C0 American Pteel & Wire 42"j
2.200 American Steel & Wire prefd 85H
1.300 American Tin Plate 42^
200 American Tin Plate prefd S7H
10,600 American Tobacco 106%
American Tobacco prefd 130
3.400 Anaconda Mining Co 47V4
2S,4M Brooklyn Rapid Transit 71«i
5,500 Colorado Fuel & Iron 51
2.600 Continental Tobacco 35
600 Continental Tobacco prefd 911J
29,490 Federal Steel 50*»
MOO Federal Steel prefd 76V 4
SOO General Electric 167*;
200 Glucose Sugar 72
Glucose Sugar prefd 100
f.00 International Paper 23
400 International Paper prefd 73
Laclede Gas 70
1.500 National Biscuit 37*;
National Biscuit pr«fd 91
200 National Lead 19
National Lead prefd 82H
2.300 National Steel 36Vi
200 National Steel prefd 93}, |
700 New York Air Brake 163
4,200 North American 19H
Pacific Coast 58
Pacific Coast 1st prefd 86
Pacific Coast 2d nrefd 67
1,600 Pacific Mall 47
8,600 People's Gas 99H
1.400 Pressed Steel Car 49
300 Pressed Steel Car prefd 83
1,200 Pullman Palace Car 201
Standard Ro^e & Twine 6Vi
40,600 Sugar 127%
Sugar prefd 116Vs
12.500 Tennessee Coal & Iron 63
4,900 United States Leather 12H
400 United States Leather prefd M\
7.200 United States Rubber 29T4
1,600 United States Rubber prefd 84H
500 Western Union 82*4
1.000 Republic Iron & Steel Co 15!»
1,200 Republic Iron & Steel Co prefd 65
P C C & St Louis j. E7
SO 300 Amalgamated Copper 92H
773,800 Shares Fold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s. ref reg..l04H N Y Cent l«t«....109H
Do coup 105 N J Cent gen 6s. 128
Do 3s Tfg 10S14 Nor Pac 3s 70>4
Do 3s coup 109*i Do 4s 105V4
Do new 4s reg ..138^ X Y C ft St L 4s.l01 1 4
Do new 4s coup..l38H Nor & W con 4s.. 99&
Do old 4s reg..ll4»i Or Nav lsts Ill
Do old 48 coup. .115% Do 4s 102%
Do 5s reg 113 O S Line 6s 129
Do 6s coup 113 Do con 5s 117
Dlst of Col 3.65s.. 124% Read Gen 4s 91t;
Atch gen 4s mUiR G W lsts 100%
Do adjt 4s 89 |S L & I M con 58.113*4
Canada So 2ds 108\t;« L & S F Gen 6s.l2S 1 Vi
C & O 4V£s 103?*; St Paul cons 175%
Do 5s 120 jSt P C & P lsts. .119%
C & N con 7s 139H| Do 5s 121%
Do S F deb 5s. .118 | So Pac 4s S2k
Chicago Term 4s.. 93'4;So Ry 5s 113'
Colo So 4s 83^4 ; Standard R & T 6s 70
D & R G 4s 107 |Tex & Pac lsts 113U
Erie Gen 4s 76^« Do 2ds 78'
Ft W & D C lsts.. 76 1 Union Pac 4s 108
Gen Elec 5s 139 Wabash lsts 117
Iowa Cent lsts ...114 Do 2ds 105«
L & N Unl 4s lOOHlWest Shora 4s .....115
M K & T 2ds 71% Wis Cent lsts .... 88%
Do 4« 93H Va Centuries 92%
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 14|Ophir 64
Crown Point 10 Plymouth 08
Con Cal & Va, 1 15 Quicksilver 1 25
IVcadwood ESl Co prefd 7 00
Gould & Curry.... 45 Sierra Nevada 25
Hale & Norc 15 Standard 3 00
Homestake 65 00 Union Con 20
Iron Silver SO Yellow Jacket 20
Mexican lSlBrunswlck OS
Ontario 6 OOi •
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Rubber ..' . v .. 29%
Call loans 3@4 Union Pacific 71%
Time loans 4@5 Union Land 2%
Stocks— West End 93U
Atchison 38% Westlngh Elec .... 62%
do prefd 84 Bonda—
Am Sugar 127% Atchleon 4s 101
do prefd 116^ N E G & Coke 6s.. 6S
Bell Telephone 157}* Mining shares —
Boston &. Albany. .249 Adventure 6
Boston Elevated. ..155 Allouez Mln Co ... 2%
Boston & Maine... .195% Amalg Copper 92
C B & Q 135% Atlantic 26%
Dam Coal 3SVi Boston & Mont.. ..325
do prefd 112% Butte & Boston .. SO
Fed Steel 50% Calumet & Hecla.,825
do prefd 76% Centennial 1314
Fitehburg prefd ..138% Franklin 15
Gen Elec 167% Humboldt ...; 25
do prefd 145 Osceola 72U
Ed Elec III 218 Parrot 47
Mex Cent 13 Santa Fe Copper.. 6%
Mich Telephone ... 85 Tamarack 293
N E G & Coke 12*4 Utah Mining 33%
Old Colony 201 Wlnona 314
Old Dom 27% I Wolverines 46
NEW YORK, Dec. 5.— The demand for choice
and fancy grades of dried fruits was moderate,
and as offerings were light the market de
veloped a firm undertone at a slight advance
in prices. State common was quoted from 4@
5c; prime, 4%@5Uc; choice, 5%®6c; fancy, 6@7c.
California dried fruits, were Inactive but
steady.
Prunes were quoted from 3%ig'S^c per pound,
as to size and quality.
APRICOTS— Royal. lWUc; Moorpark, 15^16c.
PEACHES— Peeled. 16@2Oc; unpeeled. 6@3c.
DRIED FRUITS,
COFFEE— Spot Rio, easy; No. 7 Invoice, 7Uc.
Mild, quiet; Cordova, 9H<3l3}ic. Futures-
Closed barely steady at 10315 points net de
cline. Total sales, 18,500 bags. Including: De
cember. 6.05@6.10c: January, 6.15c; March.
6.35c; May, 6.40@6.45c; July, .6.50®6.55c; Septem
ber, 6.55if?6.60c; October, 6.60@6.65c. .
BUTTER-Recelpts, 4120 packages; firm.
Creamery. lS@26c; June creamery. lSS23%c;
factory. 12i9'15Hc.
EGGS— Receipts. 6580 packages; strong. West
ern regular packing at mark, 22@26%c; West
ern, loss off, 2Sc.
WOOL — Quiet.
WHEAT- Receipts. 47.175: exports, 15,943:
sales, 4,150,000 bushels; futures, 160,000 bush
els; spot, firm; No. 2 red, 79%c f. 0. b. afloat;
No. 2 red, 78c elevator; No. 1 Northern Duluth.
84c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Duluth. SS&c f.
o. b. afloat. Options experienced decided early
strength on a big advance of the Paris cables
and general strength elsewhere abroad, to
gether with further coverings on this side and
fairly active outside speculative sup
port. In the afternoon, however, realizing pro
duced a setback which left the close about
steady at M©%c net advance. Sales Included
No. 2 red January, closed 7S%c; March, SO 13-16
(gSUic; closed, 80%c; May, S0%@80%c; closed,
SOlic; December, 77»i@"S 3-16c; .closed, 78c.
¦ HOPS— Quiet.
NEW TORK, Dec. 5.— FLOUR— Receipts, 20.
300 barrels; exports, 11,124 barrels; sales, 9500
packages. Market very firm and generally held
at higher prices, although buyers' views are
unchanged.
Same owner with E. R. Tutt (contractor).
architects same — Plumbing, gasflttlnar. tinning
and sewer work for same on same: $1113.
Patrick Cahlll (owner) with R. J. Pavert
(contractor), architects Rousseau & Son— Ail
Ttork except plumbing, tinning, hardware,
shades, mantels and gas fixtures for S-story
frame building (3 flats) on NW corner of
Golden Gate and Seymour avenueo. W 30 by
N 73, "Western Addition block 451; $5300.
John Van Bergen (owner) with Grtfflts A
Howlett (contractors), architect Henry Geilfusa
—Electric passenger and freight elevator for a
three-story brick building at 511 and 513 Sacra
roento street; $1330.
Mary L. Phelan (owner), by James D. Phelan.
attorney, with Fink & Schindler (contractors)
architect "William Curlett — Tile, marble, mosaic"
•wood and concrete work for a two-story ani
attic residence on Mission block 70, SW corner
Valencia and Seventeenth streets; $1703.
John J. S. Fey (owner) with D. T. Francceur
(crntractor), architect 1 Moving and all
other work. Including building of basement at
rew location, of frame cottage now known as
1713 California street, to b© moved to lot com
mencing at ,a point 47:6 S from Filbert street
or. of V«n Ness avenue, S 27:6, W lio-i si
27:6. E 110:3; II4C0.
Builders' Contracts.
Johanna M. Wright. Elizabeth Black-wood
Pan Francisco and Fresno Land Company ami
WUson Estate Company to same, undivided
nine-tenths interest in same; $10. " "
Mountford S. and Flora C. WiNcn tn i^«rh
B. Coryell. lot on E line of vimont Jrof
250 N of Alameda. E 10O. N 50. SW to Vermont
S 41. Quitclaim deed •> $10. Vermont.
John E. and Nellie C. Mason to «ame un
divided one-tenth interest in sara-- $io
Laura and Harry T. Elackwood to game
lot on E line of Vermont street CO v of ai»'
meda. E 100, N 90. SW to Vermont S 41. ctujt
elaim deed: $1. -. -~? *
w"^\rw d i« Ida ?*V; nber * lo Thomas Shields,
lot on NW line of Minna street 2^0 \Tn( s«»r
ond. NW SO by NE 25; $10.
Joseph and Emma Quadt to Wf;i lam j. C on-
E'of ISougLi f by E1^ b^ h r^ treet - ***
b/4?) St^"i^ n e O o l f
Taylor street. 110 S of Pacific E tj-. « 7
E 10. S 37. W 147:6, N 307*3500 '
J. W. Wisslnger to Margaret Richardson
Thomas McDonough (executor estate Jamea
Gaffney) to Frederick W. Reich, lot on E line
«£ B~. y £ "% aIso lot on E Ilr >e of Tennw
see street 24o:4 S of Twenty-second (Sierra*,
SE 9:5H. E 191:S* t . N 25, W 100. N
23.67 . W 100; also lot on NE line of Twenty
second avenue, 75 SE of I street SE 150 by
NE 100 block 425. Bay View Homestend: gift. 7
» 1 « a £ d Mary , a Priltt to Michael and
« ? ?n\ c 0 ?, 1 *^- 4 ot on W Ilne of Guerrero
« r eet, 101:6 N of Twenty-seventh. N 25 by W
Silver a fraction firmer. ExcJwnge weak, but unchanged.
Wheat advanced again. Barley firm.
Nothing nczv in Oats, Corn and Rye.
Hay very firm, with sales over the quotations.
Feedstuff s of all descriptions buoyant, with light supplies.
Beans quieter again, though no lower.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables as before. '
Butter, Cheese and Eggs continue to advance.
Nine cars of Eastern Poultry in thus far this week.
Game lozv and zveak under a light demand.
Fresh and Dried Fruits unchanged.
Provisions rather firm than otherwise.
Beef, Mutton and Veal in light supply and firm.
Good business on the Bond and Oil exchanges.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
WHEAT— Spot, No. 1 California, steady,
7s 2i$d; No. 2 red western winter, firm, 6s %d;
No. 1 Northern spring, steady. 6s 3d. Futures
—Steady; December, 5s ll?»d; March, 6s %d.
CORN— Spot American mixed new, firm, 4s
l%d. Futures— Steady; December, 4s l%d;
January, 3s 10%d; March, 3s lOd.
LONDON", Dec. 5.— Consols, 97 9-1C; silver,
29 13-16d; French rentes. lOlf 55c; wheat cargoes
on passage, firm but notj active; Walla "Walla,
29s: English country markets, steady.
LIVERPOOL Dec. 5.— Wheat, firm; No. 1
stsndasd California, 6s 2%d@6s 3d; wheat in
Paris, strong; flour in Paris, strong; French
country markets, steady; weather in England,
rainy.
COTTON— Uplands, 5 19-32d.
CLOSING.
Foreign Markets.
TACOMA, Dec. 5.— WHEAT— Higher and In
fair demand. Blue Stem, 57c; Club, 54c.
WASHINGTON.
PORTLAND, Dec. 5.— WHEAT— Walla Walla,
64%c; Blue Stem. 57c
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND Dec 5.— Clearings. $389,138; bal
ances, $41,038.
Portland's Business.
NEW YORK, Dec. 5.— Cqtton at the opening
was steady at a net advance of 2 points to a
decline of 1, and for the remainder of the day
the market worked within range of 8 points,
closing steady at an unchanged price to a net
advance, of 3 points.
Nero York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Dec. 5.— The metal market in
a general way ruled quiet, with slight changes
in prices In tin and spelter. The New York
market closed nominal at $27 62%@27 65 for tin.
Ccpper was quiet and showed an easy under
tone, following a shade decline in London. The
market closed dull at $17. Lead quiet, i with
a weak tone following a decline In Europe;
closed $4 37&. Spelter easy at $4 25@4 30.
New York Metal Market.
ter prices, while in Bradford' the situation is
represented as • distinctly better. Manufac
turers, however, are buying in a hand-to-mouth
manner, awaiting more favorable developments
in the goods markets. The sales of the week
ln-Boston amounted to 2,567,500 pounds domestic
and 550,000 foreign, making a total of 3.517.500
pounds, against a total of 4,775.800 for the pre
vious week and a total of 6,821,200 for the cor
responding week last year.
The sales since January 1 amount to 136, 4j8,-
C00 pounds, against 334,S03,776 for the corre
sponding time last year. \
"WEDNESDAY. Dec 5-2:30 p. m.
Street—
200 Hanford-Fresnc-Kern River 30
CLOSIN'G QUOTATION'S.
Morning Session.
Board — »'».
500 California-Standard 88
100 Caribou 55
100 Caribou gg
600 Caribou SO
400 Caribou, s 20 60
200 Four OH Co.. 43
500 Hanford-Fresno-Kern River 24
100 Home Oil 4 45
25 Homestake 11 50
10 Kern River 17 23
200 Occidental of West Virginia 69
£000 Petroleum Center 20
10C0 Petroleum Center ; 19
300 Twenty-eight 2 50
20 Twenty-eight 2 55
100 Twenty-eight, b 60 2 00
Street—
500 Petroleum Center 20
Afternoon. Session.
Board-
SCO California-Standard 83
300 California-Standard 33
2000 California-Standard b 30 40
500 California-Standard, b 10 40
1300 California-Standard 40
500 Caribou 63
20<. Caribou 62
600 Caribou, s Z<> « 60
DOC Four Oil Co 43
2'JC Hanford-Fresno-Kern River ......... 30
€0C Home Oil 4 45
1C0 McKlttrick Consolidated 47
200 Monte Cristo 145
100 Occidental of West Virginia, 69
5CO Petroleum Center 19
23 San Joaquin Oil & Development 3 23
20 Sterling O & D Co 2 J5
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
BANK STOCKS.
Anglo-Cal Ltd. 70 75 .First Natlonal.299 303
c*?\°k C i?-+-* 03 - I 1 ** p & A.. ..143% -
Cal S D & T. - 105^! Merchants' Ex 16 18
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L.... _ i 90o Sav & j_ g _ gl
K^i|: KS::: 2 ?! =
S F Sav Un...52O
. STREET RAILROAD STOCKS
California ....129 130U o S L & H... 38 46U
&lt-::::^ 7 ; , Presldl ° 1S a
r* „. POWDER STOCKS.
' SUGAR STOCKS.
liana S P Cn. 714 7»4 Kllan.n a r»~ *n/
Hutch S P Co.*23H 23% Paauhau S Co. 52% 32*i
MISCELI.ANEOUS STOCKS
Al Pack Assn.l24HM3 Pac A F A... 2« —
Cal Fruit Asn.103^106 Pac tJ Bor Co.152 —
OcTanlcsTo;:^ 108 C °~ "» ~
Morning Session.
Board—
5 Giant Powder Con gj 25
70 Honokaa Sugar Co 3! 50
2a Hutchinson S P Co 25 75
25 Kilauea Sugar PlantaUon Co 21 00
5 Makaweli Sugar Co 41 25
i5 Market Street Railway 71 00
5 Oakland Gas 60 25
55 Paauhau S P Co 32 '5
15 Paauhau S P Co 3-» 124
ISO S F Gas & Electric Co, cash '..'. 47 Oo'
30 S F Gas & Electric Co 16 87»4
• 20 S F Gas & Electric Co. caah 46 75
- Street— 1
100 Hawaiian Com'l & Sugar 85 75
Afternoon Session.
Board—
$3000 Bay Counties Power Co 5s 101 CO
6f» Honokaa Sugar Co 31 37^i
3f. Honokaa Sugar Co 31 62^
15 Honokaa Sugar Co 31 75
100 Mnkawell Sugar Co 41 50
25 Market Street Railway 70 75
155 Paauhau S P Co 32 37ti
20 Pacific Coast Borax ."...152 Oo'
25 S F Gas & Electric Co 47 00
4 Spring Valley Water , 93 75
$2000 Spring Valley 4s (2d mortgage) 103 23
L A Lt Co «s.. — 103 S R of Cal 6s.. — 133
Do gntd 6s.. — — 6.P of A 6a. ..113 1UU
L A gntd 5s... — 102 S P C 6a (1905)
L A P R R 53.1034 — (Series A). ...10914 —
Market-st 6s... 123% — Do(Serles B)110>4 —
-D? lst-M 5s.l20% - Do. (1906) Itf 113
N C N O R 7s. — 114 Do (1912) 121 —
1(1 R of Cal 6S.114H — S P R 1st g 5s.lO7% —
v Po6s 119 _ S P R 6s 13l£ —
N P C R R 63.101 s - S V Water 6s.ll4 114^
5? Ca i ? y Ss-'HO — Do 3d mtge.lOlU —
Oak G L & H.110% - Stktn Gaa to.. 101 —
Oak Tran 6s..H8H120
"WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 70 72 Spring Valley. 93% 94
Marin County. 51% —
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS
Cent L & P Co — 4VA Pac L Co — 44
El"" G L Co. 3% 3Vj Pac E G&R Co - 40
Mutual El Co. - 9% S'F G & E.... 46*i -
O G L & H.... 50 50% San Francisco. i% 4%
Pac Gas Imp.. — 49 Stktn G&K Co— 14
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Firem's Fund. 227^230 [ ' x
Flour, qr sks
OREGON.
Onions, eks ,. 297)
UTAH,
. 5,736|
Flour, qr sks. 18.208 Sugar, ctls 9 C50
Wheat, ctls 9,720 Llmo, bbls. 182
Barley, ctls....... 4.7S0 Hides, No " 42$
Oats, ctls 320 Quicksilver, flsks 28
Corn, ctls 6fiO Chicory, bbls.. 8
riye, ctls 2W Cheese, ctls....\.. 210
Hay, tone 483 Leather, rolls.... 195
Beans, sks 506 Butter, ctls 157
Onions, ctls 424 Wine, gala.....;. 103 100
Potatoes, sks 11,781 Wool, bales '153
Middlings, sks... 104 Brandy, Kals..... 3350
Bran, sks 717 Tallow, ctls... '211
Pelts, bdls r.. 2.923 Kkss. doz ! 9 e60
FOR WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER S.
Receipts of Produce.
COAL— Wellington. $9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington, *9; Seattle. $7; Bryant. $7; Coos
Bay, $5 50; WaUsend, $9;- Co-operative Wall-
Bend,. $9; Cumberland, $12 in bulk and $13 25 In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Can
nel, $12 per ton; Coke, $15 per ton in bulk and
$18 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions. $g 43
per 2000 lbs and $8 50 per ton, according to
brand.
SUGAR— The "Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb, in 10O-lb bags:
Crushed, 6.15c: Powdered, 6.75c: Candy Gran
ulated, 5.75e: Dry Granulated. 5.63c; Confec
tioners' A, 5.65c; Magnolia A, 5.25c; Extra C
6.15c; Golden C, 5.05c; barrels, 10c more- half
barrels, 25c more; boxes, 50c more; BO-lb bags
10c more. No orders taken for less than 73
barrels or its equivalent. Domlnos half-bar
rels, 6.40c; boxes. 6.65c t>er lb.
HAGS— San Quentlh Bags, $5 65; Calcutta
Grain Bags, June and July, 6%c; Wool Bags,
2S«4@32%c; - Fleece Twine, "He; Fruit Bags,
6%f*6%c for white and 8%®8?ic for bleached
Jute.
General Merchandise.
Butchers report light supplies of Beef, Pork
and' Mutton, with a very firm market at tho
advance.
BEEF— 7®8c for Steers and 6@6%c per lb for
Cows.
, VEAL— Large, 8@9c; small, 9@10c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, S@3c; Ewes, S©S&c per
pound.
LAMB— 9@10c per lb
PORK— Live Hogs. 6Sc for small and 5%c for
medium and 6%@5%c for large; stock Hogs and
feeders. 6@5V*c; dressed Hogs, 7%®8V4c
San Francisco Meat Market.
Fall Clip— San Joaquin, 6>4SSc; do lambs, 8
@9c; Middle County. 9@10c: Northern Mountain,
free. lOCJllc; ¦ Southern Mountain. "H®8Vic;
Humboldt and Mendocino, 121213c per lb.
HOPS— 12® 16c per lb.
HIDES AND SKIXS— Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, 10c; medium, 9c: light. 8%c; Cow
hides, 9c for heavy and S%c for light: Stags.
6^c; Salted Kip, S^c; Salted Veal, 9%c; Salted
Calf, 10c; Dry Hides. 16c; culls. 14c; Dry Kip,
l«c; Dry Calf, 16S17c; culls and brands,
14c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 20@30c each; short
Wool, SOlJfoOc each; medium, 6O@S5c: Jong Wool
~oc<a%\ each; Horse Hides, salt. $2 50 for large
and $2 for medium. $1 50 for Small and 50c for
colts; Horse Hides, dry, $1 75 for large, $1 50
for medium, $1 25 for small and 25@5Oc for colts
Deorskins— Summer or red skins. 35c; fall or
medium skins, 30c; winter or thin skins, 1"V4@
20c. Goatskins — Prime Angoras. 75c; large and
smooth, 50c; medium, 35c. . . v
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered. 4@4$jc per lb- No
2. 3Hc; grease, 2g2Hc.
WOOL—Spring clip is quotable as follows:
Northern, free, 15J?16c; Northern, defective, 12
©14c; Middle County, free. 14®16c: Middle
County, defective, 12<?3)14c; Southern Mountain
12 months'. 9®10c; Southern Mountain, free, 7
months', 11012c; Southern Mountain, defective,
7 months', 9@llc; Humboldt and Mendocino,
16<817c; Nevada. 13@16c per lb.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. ll@ll^c per lb for
heavy, ll%@12c for light medium, 12H@13c for
light. 13>,4@14c for extra light and 15®l5'4c for
sugar-cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams, uu c -
Mess Beef, $12 50 per barrel; extra Mess $13 :
Family. $14; extra Prime Pork, $16- extra
clear, $19 50; Mess, $17; Smoked Beef, 13c per
pound. '
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for com
pound and 9'ic for pure; half-barrels Dure
9i4c: 10-lb tins. 10c: 5-lb tins. 10%c.
COTTOLENE- One-half barrels, 8%c; three
half-barrels. S^c; one tierce, &%c; two tierces,
Sc; five tierces, 7%c per lb.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
The feeling In cured meats Is more unset
tled than It haa boen, though prices show no
further change. The feeling is rather firm
Provisions.
HONEY— Comb. 13tt@l*ttc for bright and 12U
<gl3c for light amber; water white, extracted
7%®8c; light amber, extracted.. 6\i@lc; dark'
6<SC^c per lb.
BEESWAX— 24©26c per lb.
FRUITS— Prunes, Santa Claras, 4 sizes, 3c;
40-50S. 7c; E0-60S, 5'.ic; 60-70s, 3%e; 70-80S, 3>4c;
80-90s. 2%c; 90-lOOs, 2',4c; 100s and over, 2c; ru
bles, Vic premium ; Sonomas, %c and San Joa
qulns, V*c less than Santa Claras, except 100s
an-J over, which stand the same. Apricots, 6®
8c for Royals and 10©10>4c for' Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples, 5<?;6e; sun-dried, 3%@4iic*
Peaches, 4®5c for standard, 5@6c for choice
and 6H@"c for fancy; Pears, 2@7c; Plums
pitted, oOS^c; unpitted, l@l%c; Nectarines, 5@
5'4c for red and Wiite for white.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
haa established the following prices for the
season of 1900: Bleached Thompson's fancy, 12c
per lb; choice, lie; standard, 8%c; prime, 8c;
unbleached Thompson's, 9c per lb. Sultanas-
Fancy, lOHcper lb; choice. 9V2C; standard, 8%c
prime, 8c; unbleached Sultanas, 8c; Seedless'
GO-lb boxes. 6%c; 4-crown. 7c: London Layers 2 
crown, $1 50 per box; 3-crown, $1 60; Fancj
Clusters. 12; Dehesa, $2 50; Imperial, $3. All
prices f. o. b. at common shipping points in
California.
NUTS— Chestnuts. 6@7c per lb for California
and 12c for Italian; Walnuts. Xo. 1 soft
shell, lie; No. 2, 8c; No. 1 hardshell, 10c- No 2
7V4c; Almonds. 12@13c for papershell, 9@llc for
softshell; Peanuts, 5(@6c for Eastern; Brazil
Nuts, 13c; Filberts. 13c; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoa
nuts. 13 S0@5. \
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. II 25®2 60-
Seedlings. $1S1 75; Tangerines. Jl 25<gl 50; Jap
arese Mandarins, $1 65@2; Lemons, 25c©$l 25
for common and $1 50@2 75 for good to choice;
Grape Fruit, $1 B0®2 50; Mexican Limes, $40
4 60: California Limes, 23@35c; Bananas, $125
<@2 50 per bunch: Pineapples. $2@3 50 per dozen.
GRAPES— 25(g'50c per box and crate.
CRANBERRIES— Jersey*. $10@ll; Cape Cod.
$13013 60 per barrel spot and $12 to arrive; Coos
Bay. $ 2 5G@2 75 per box.
STRAWBERRIES— 52 50@3 50 per chest for
large berries.
RASPBERRIES— $3®8 per chest.
PERSIMMONS— 50@63c per box,
PEARS— 75c(gtl 50 per box.
APPLES— 30@60c per box for common and
63c@$l for good to choice;. Spltzenbergs. 75c@
?1 25; Oregon Spitzenbergii. Jl@l 25. |
DECIDUOUS i FRUITS-D-
Grapes are dragging badly. Persimmons con
tinue dull and plentiful. Other fruits stand
as before quoted.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruit*.
Storage goods— 21@22c.
CHEESE — New, 12@12%o; Old, ll@:iHc;
Young America, 13(S13V4c; Eastern, 16c; West-
EGGS— Store, 27%@32^c; Ranch, 33@37ijc for
fair and 2S@42c per dozen for good to choice;
Eastern, 22%<g30c.
Butter Is very stiff with extremely limited
stocks, and dealers are quoting 27c and even
higher. All descriptions participate in the im
provement.
Cheese has again advanced under light sup
plies and Is very firm.
Eggs, like the other ' products, continue to
rise, though the advance is narrow- and slow,
as the high prices check the consumption.
BUTTEH—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 26©27c; seconds.
Dairy— Fancy, 24c; good to choice. 21@23c;
common, 18@20c.
Creamery tub— 20@22%c per lb. ; . ,
Pickled roll— 19@21c
Firkin— 18619c.
Butter, Cheese and \Eggs.
Canvasback. $3@5; Sprig, $1 50® 2; Teal. $1 25®
1 75; Widgeon, *l<g!l 50; Small Duck,' $1@1 25;
Gray Geese, J3; White -Geese. $1@1 50; Brant.
$l 60 for small and $2 for large; Honkers, %i 50;
English Snipe, $1 50; Jack Snipe, $1@1 25; Hare.
|1 ; Rabbits. $1 25@1 50 for Cottontail and Jl for
Brush; Doves, 60S 65c per dozen. '¦'-':'; : ?'¦-'-'
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., THURSDAY, ' DECEMBER 6, 1900.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 5.— To-day's statement
of the treasury balances in the general fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve in the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance, $137,690,450; gold, $95,2S7,4S6.
Condition of the Treasury.
at 4@5 per cent; last loan, 4 per cent; prime
mercantile paper, 4®4% per cent. Sterling ex
change barely steady, with actual business In
bankers 1 bills at $4 85U for demand and $4 81H
for €0 days. PoBted rates, $4 82 and $4 86^.
Commercial bills, %k S0%@4 SH,i. Silver certifi
cates, 64@65c. Bar silver, 64&C. Mexican dol
lars. 50?gc. Bonds— Government, weak; State,
inactive; railroad, irregular.
New York Grain and Produce.
BRAN
10
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
STOCK. !
STOCK
Bid. I Asked.
Bid.
California-Standard i ;
Caribou
Four Oil Co
Hanford-Fre3no-Kern River....
Home Oil
Kern River
I.ion Oil Co
McKlttrick Consolidated
Monte Cristo
Occidental of tVest Virginia...
Oil City Petroleum.....
Petroleum Center
Reed Crude
Pan Joaquln O. & I>. Co
1 wenty-elgh t
Yukon
— 40
. 62 63
41 —
27 80
4 40 4 45
— 17 60
30 —
?5 —
1 40 1 43
62 69
34 00 33 00
19 20
— 3 3TV4
2 45 2 SO
55 60
This
Last
?' Season.
I Season.
14.93
€.69
21.13
7.43
6.70
5.85
4.98
2.14
S.66
€.79
1.70
7.M
7.76
3. 88
1.22
r..i-j
2.51
1.2S
This
Last
?' Season.
I Season.
14.93
€.69
21.13
7.43
6.70
5.85
4.98
2.14
S.66
€.79
1.70
7.M
7.76
3. 88
1.22
r..i-j
2.51
1.2S
STOCK. !
STOCK
Bid. I Asked.
Bid.
California-Standard i ;
Caribou
Four Oil Co
Hanford-Fre3no-Kern River....
Home Oil
Kern River
I.ion Oil Co
McKlttrick Consolidated
Monte Cristo
Occidental of tVest Virginia...
Oil City Petroleum.....
Petroleum Center
Reed Crude
Pan Joaquln O. & I>. Co
1 wenty-elgh t
Yukon
— 40
. 62 63
41 —
27 80
4 40 4 45
— 17 60
30 —
?5 —
1 40 1 43
62 69
34 00 33 00
19 20
— 3 3TV4
2 45 2 SO
55 60
BAY AND KIVEB STEAMERS.
liiu. S. NAYY YARD AND YALLEJa~#
Steamer "Alonticello.'* 1
MON. ' Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 943
a- m.. 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night)'; Fri-
days. 1 P. m - anf * 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 ju at* J
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508.
FARE Uo
C0MPAG5IE OENSRALE TRA53ATLA5T1QUE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. ggdggiH
Sailing every Thursday. Instead of fiL~2M
•Saturday from November 2. «?9. at S^WtS?
fo am from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Mortcfs'treet. First-class to Havre. *35 and
usward Second-class to Havre. «2 50 and up-
w^rt GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED
STATES AND CANADA. Z2 Eroadway (Hudson
"wiSk^Jw- fork. J F. FUOAZI&CO..
Pacific Coast Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue.
Ban Francisctw
From wharf, foot of Fremont street.
Freight and' passenger office, 330 Market rt.
F F. CONNOR, Pacific Coast Agent.
To NEW YORK via PANAMA.
S.S.ST. PAUL sails December 18, 2 p.m.
PANAMA R.R, Co. VS
I O.SPBECXELS 4 BROS. CO.. Ssnnf Igtnts. 32/ Vartat St
Sen'l Passengv Otto, 643 U3rM SL, rfer «o. 7, P2afc St
SS. SIERRA, for H jnolulu," Samoa. New
Zealand and Australia ..-•
Wednesday. December 12. 9 p. m.
ES. ZEALANDIA «HonoIuIu only)
Wednesday. December 26. 2 P- m.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti ... ¦¦¦•
Sunday, January 1, < p. m.
AaaarIa C C d*A BAWAII> w "°*' " r *
oceanics.b.iG. isi^s
New York and Antworp.
From New York Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Friesland Dec. 12 Westernland — Jan. 3
Southwark Dec. 19 Kensington .....Jan. 9
Westernland ...Dec. 10 Ncordland Jan. IS
1 For freight and passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
30 Montgomery St.. Or any of Its agent*.
RED STAR LINE.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound
From New York Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
Xew York I>ec. 12 New York Jan. 2
Southwark Dec. 19 Kensington .....Jan. 9
St Louis Dec. 28 Noordland ......Jan. 18
AMERJCAN LINE.
ftW TOBK. BOUTHAKPTOS. L03D0S. PARIS.
TOYO RISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 r. m
fcr YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (HI050), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc No cargo received on beard on day
of sailing. : ' " . ,-¦
SS. NIPPON MARU *
Thursday. December 8. 19C0
BS. AMERICA MARU..
-Saturday. December S>. 1300
Via Honolulu.
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Thursday. January 24. 1901
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's of flee.
4'1 Market street, corner First.
•W. H. A VERY. General Agent.
Short Line to Walla 'Walla, Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East. *
E. C. WARD, General Agent,
630 Market st.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
From Stwar-!«tr<»»t Wharf at 11 a. _m.
CADE "£12"flr$t Class Including Berth
lAnC $8 Second Class and Meals.
GEO. W. ELDER sails Dec. 9. 19. 23
COLUMBIA sails Dec. 4. 14, 24. Jan. 3
PORTLAND
THE 0. R. & R. GO.
10 Market st. Pan Franclgco. )
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO.. Gen. Agents.
The company reserves the right to chansr*
steamers, sailing dates and hours ot sailing
¦without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE—* New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
For Ensenada. Magdalena. Eay. San Jcse d«!
Cat*). Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m., 7th each month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
For San Dle&o, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara, Port Los Angeles and Redondo <Los An-
geles)— Steamer Queen. Wednesdays. 9 a. m. ;
steamer Santa Rosa, Sundays. D a. rn.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Sh-neon. Cayu-
cos. Port Horford (Sa-n Luis Oblspo). Gavlnn
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme, San. Pedro*
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport-
Steamer Corona. Fridays. 9 a. m. ; steamer
Bonita. Tuesdays. 9 a. m.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
\ Steamers leave Broadway
te^ wharf, San Francisco:
Ka^^ For Alaskan Ports— 11 a. m .
tS|K*Sv^ D'C- 2 - "• 12. 17. 2=. 27. Jan. 1.
BJk>?53(?5H^ Change to company's st»am«"r*
ftfircK*O Ml For V1(> toria, Vancouver *H
BSI^^f£?S] C.), Port Townsw-nd. Seattle
/^^qt|gjaj Tacoma. Everett. Anacortei
and New Whatcom (Wash.) — It
a- m.. Dec. 2. 7. 12. 17. 22. 27.
Jan. 1. and. every nrth day thereafter. Change
at Seattle, for this company's steamers for
Alaska and G. N. Ry,: at Seattle or Tacoma to
N. P. Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m.. Dec
4. ». 14. 19. £4. 29. Jan. S, and every fifth, day
OCEAN TRAVEL.
SWITZER'S HORSE MARKET,
TO-MORROW.
raiDAY DEC. 7TH
o~, At U a " m -
HOR^? T I GOOD ' SOUND. YOUNG
™ R * Ei, the property of Jay Harrison of Las-
*° c o«nty Cai.. consisting of good broke
rn^'i, 1Vlne and sad;ile horses - Three ftne
roarl horses one a single- footer, one paoei ;
son-e K ood draft horses. Don't miss this sale.
limit.
&S AUCTION. £^
1WELFTH AND HARBLON STREETS,
AUCTION SALESOAKLAND, Dec. 5.— Licenses to marry
were issued to-day to Charles John Ham
mond Jr., 24, and Kmilie Anna Schneider,
21, Alaroeda; Thomas Titus, 25,' and EJolse
Jackson, 18, Oakland; William John Klelly.
Licenses to Harry.
BOSTON. Mass.. Dec. 5.— The explosion
of a bomb in Saunders' Theater 'at Har
vard this morning, while Dr. Algernon C.
Coolidge was conducting one of his his
tory lectures, was the culminating event
in a long eerles of petty persecutions to
which Dr. Coolidge has been subjected for
several years past.
It was said In Cambridge this afternoon
that Professor Coolidge is the victim of
a concerted plot. . Dr. Coolidge Is a mem
ber of the famous and aristocratic Cool
idge family. When Jefferson Coolidge.
the uncle of. Dr. CoolldE-e, waa American
Minister to St. Petersburg, the present
Harvard professor was an official at the
American Legation at that capital and
stood In very cordial relations with the
nobility And the Government officials. At
that time he was so consplculously a
friend of the bureaucracy that he Incurred
the cordial dislike of the Russian liberals
or Nihilists. A number of threatening
letters have been received by Dr. Coolidge
and undoubtedly come from Nihilists or
Nihilist sympathizers.
Culmination of a Series of Persecu
tions to Which Dr. Coolidge Has
Been Subjected.
BOMB EXPLODED
IN HARVARD THEATER
The bullet entered Duff's back near the
spine and penetrated the right lung. He
will die.
The woman grabbed a pistol and chased
him Into the street. Duff ran toward
Kearny street, with the woman In close
pursuit. As he was about to turn into
that thoroughfare the woman fired, the
bullet taking effect in his back.
Duff continued running until overtaken
by Sergeant Christiansen, who placed
him in a hack and hurried him to the
Harbor Hospital.
Maj?Rie Kelly, a Barbary Coast charac
ter known a* "Cowboy Mag" and proprie
tress of the Cowboys' Rest at 532 Pacific
street, shot and fatally wounded John F.
Ehiff. with whom she has been living, last
night. ;.'•¦'
The phootlnjf was the culmination of a
row. Duff went to the woman's room and
administered a boating to her.
Notorious 'Barbary Coast Deniz«n
Wounds John F. Duff in the
Back Fatally.
SHOOTS HEB LOVER
FOB BEATING HEB
• PALACE
E B Colby. N Y
R H Moore. Salinas •
H E Van Duien. N Y
S H Wheeler. Reno
J W Mlnturn, Sharon
L K Whitton. Chgo
8 R Katz. N Y
C D Henry & w , Cal
Mies J Henry. Cal
J H Henry. S Jose
A G Henshaw. Oaklnd
A M Smith, Portland
E M Jones & w, Cal
J H Hargraves. N r
I H Breyg & w, Cal
F L Goseman & w. Cal
M Snyder, Wash
H J Rice & w. Cal
W H Taylor. Or
R Cooper. The Dalles
R E Calne, Nome
G P Hall. Nome
P Howe, Denver
R Husband. Mich
8 Jones. B. C
Al Murphy, Seattle
S Ped grift & w. Cal
J PpdKrift, Los Ang
T Waymark Seattle
C J Rheln, Sacto
B Roland, Oakland
S Henery, Stockton
T Jacob. Vlsalta
M Michael, Woodland
J M Gilbert. N Y
D E Melkle. Portland
Mrs J M Wilson. Cal
M Schlusselbum, Reno
G Mlgllavacca, Napa
W H Atkinson. Napa
H R Borrette. Napa
L Tozer. Sacto
J P Pearson. L lianos
J E Rodgers, Martinez
P Tuomey, Romeo >
R K Hook, Oakland »
Dr I R Alkin, Decoto
C A Sutherland, Cal
E Whlpple, Decoto
A G Muller. Cal . •
A Beaver, Stanford
F C Murpby, Martinez
J D Wlghtman, Cal
W Hemke, Alamo
P de Martini. Clayton
C A Sweney, Antloch
H L Cunningham. Cal
J R Thurnser, Cal •
A Taylor.. Madera
G A Stephens. Wls
E A Thomas. St Loula
F M. Helm & w. Cal
F M Archer, Redding
H M L&Rue Jr. Sacto
R H Ramsdetl. Spokan
H Ramsdell. Spolcane
HOTEL.
J McNeil & w, Cnl
P Evans & w, B C
G B Dunbar & w, Chg
Miss M H Dunbar, Chg
W J Birmingham, W«h
E J Mraley. Delaware
Mrs de Pluton, Cal
S A Bernard & w, Cal
T Takasa, Japan
V A Kenny. Ptland
T Taylor & w Utah .
Miss Taylor, Utah
Mrs Ray, Chicago
F L Moore. N Y
A L Levinsky, Stockta
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J Smith. N Y
H Colyear, Portland
S F HiKging. I'SN
Dr G E Cowell ft w,
Colo
T Deasy. Victoria
J T Redmond & w.Aris
J Brown 4 w, Mont
B M Johnson. Denver
C M Smith. Wash, D C
Ed Murphy, U S N
J Wallace & w. Idaho
H ElDhlck. Nev
G W Meyers. Kans
L M Coffee. Madera
GRAND HOTEL.
O D Dornne, Berkeley
J E Koelwrle, L Ang
E A Meeerve. L Ang
Z P I>yer. Paskenta
J Mulhollan, Seattle
P L Carter. Michigan
0 W Pierce. Cal
C Pallars. Lndi .
J Bean. Oroville
M B Frazler. Orovllls
R Keating. P Alto'
J H Batcher. Facto
L F Sanderson, Cal
J D McOUvray, Cal
M Isaacs, lone
J H Lewis. Cal
M J Wright. Sacto
G A Wentz. Gllroy
H R Boorette. Xapa
R Lauxen. Stockton
J Kullman. Benlcia
IT Stedman. Wis
Mrs A E Brarten. Cal
Miss Braden. Cal
J A Phllbln & w, Cal
J A Rodeers. Fresno
F M Nelson & w. Ohio
C A Sutherland, Cal
J Goldman, Merced
W J Smith. Cal
W T Cook, Cal ' •
1 Rogers, Cal
0 W Harney. Cal
C E Barnes, Stxlsun
1 White, Pomona
Arrested on a Bench Warrant That
He May Not Miss His
Sentence.
Dr. Gf-orgp W. O'Donnell was arrested
y«H»terday on a bench warrant issued by
United States District Judge de Haven
and was locked up in the County Jail.
TYif- prisoner was convicted by a jury in
Judge d> Haven's court last Tuesday of
having sent an unmaiiable box of cap
sules through the mails, addressed to Mrs.
Ida Arid<*r?on at Winnemucca. Nevada.
tod he wiil be (sentenced this morning.
The maximum penalty is imprisonment
f^r five years and a fine of JoOjO, or both.
The prisoner had be*n out on a $2090 bond,
with Dr. C. C. O'Donnell and his wife as
Kureties.
When Dr. O'Donnell was searched at
th» Jail a box of capsulf-s and a box of
opium pills were found on his person. He
pleads hard to bfl allowed to keep the
<->r>ium pills, saying that h<? wanted to
us* them. Robert Ferral, his attorney,
will probably raiFe the point that the
practice of Government officers sending
decoy letters is contrary to pood morals
end that convictions cannot be had
upon puch letters. It was admitted In
the trial that "Mrs. Ida Anderson" wa* a
fictitious person, and frat the letter pur
porting to come from her was written
Ly Pogtoffice Innpector Brickcr.
DE. O'DONXELL SLEEPS
IN THE COUNTY JAIL
SANTA ROSA. Dec. 5.— Robert Lomax,'
who came here a short time ago from
Ohio, died nt the home of hi» son, -Frank
Lomax. in this city to-day. . He was 87
years of eire. He will be buried in Ohio.
Robert Loxnax.
NEW YORK, Dec. 6.— Gregero Quesada,
a Cuban who took a prominent part In
the affairs of Cuba during the time that
the island was a dependency of Spain,
dropped dead to-day in the Merchants''
National Bank while waiting in line be
fore the receiving teller'B window. He
was the father of Gonzalo Quesada.
Gregfero Quesada.
Of late years Mrs. Richardson had fig
ured as a dramatist. Many plays from
the French were translated by her. She
was also, with Colonel Aboratlon the
author of the plays "A Colonial Girl "
"Sophia." Just finished and yet to be pro
duced, and other plays, including "The
Pride of Jennlco." which haB had long
runs In the metropolis and other cities.
Mrs. Richardson was born in Massachu
setts in 1837. Early in the '60's she was
married to Daniel McFarland, a Jawyer.
About 1S0S she tecured a divorce from him
on the ground of desertion and.non-sup
port. During the war she had supported
herself and her children by literary read
ings, but after the close of the war she
entered the dramatic profession In the
compwiy of Edwin Booth and played in
Shakespearean parts. In the meanwhile
she became engaged to be married to Al
bert D. Richardson, whom Daniel McFar
land assassinated In the Tribune office In
I*fi9 and to whom upon his deathbed Mrs.
Richardson was married, the ceremony
being performed by Rev. Henry Ward
Beecher and 'O. B. Frothingham. MacFar
land was acquitted on the ground of in
sanity.
Mr*. Richardson became the author of
"Familiar Talks on English Literature "
"Old Love Letters." "Stories From Old
English Poetry." "History of Our Coun
try," "Abelard and Heloise, a Medieval
Romance," as well as the editor of "Songs
From the Old Dramatists" and other
books. Her sons assumed their mother's
maiden name of Sage.
NEW YORK. Dec. 5.— A special cable
dispatch to the Brooklyn Eagle from
Rome says: Mrs. Abby Sage Richardson,
dramatist, poet, literary critic and trans
lator, died in this city to-day. She waa
the widow of the late Albert Dean Rich
ardson, newspaper man and author, for a
long time, correspondent of the New York
Tribune in the civil war and afterward
an editor on that paper. Mrs. Richardson
arrived here with her son. William Sage,
the novelist, early In November, and her
death was wholly unexpected by her
friends In Rome.
Critic Dies at Rome.
Famous Dramatist and Literary
ABBY SAGE RICHARDSON.
NEW YORK, Deo. 5.-The board of re
view of the National Trotting Association
at the Murray Hill Hotel to-day acted on
a "ringer" case of note from California.
It concerned the my&terlous pacer Walter
K, that gained a record of 2:08 at Santa
Rosa last season and then disappeared.
On evidence presented the board con
firmed the general suspicion that Walter
K was the Wisconsin horse Perhaps,
2:1394. and sentence of expulsion was pro
nounced against' the horse and against S.
C. Allen, alias S. Wjls»on, and J. H. Moore,
alias J. H. Brown, of Milwaukee. The
horse is now owned at Kansas City.
THE DAY'S DEAD.
Ruled Off the Turf.
tims of altercations on North Beach. The
flrs.t cases which required their attention
were those of P. Costa, a fisherman, re
siding at 265 Battery street, and F. Caa
telano, a crab-catcher, residing ax Bat
tery and Vallejo streets. Castelano and
his son met Costa In a salon at Fran
cisco and Taylor streets and became In
volved in. an argument. Costa drew a
large case knife and cut Castelano under
the right eye, whereupon Castelano's
son struck Costa over the head with a
bottle.
A short time afterward J. J. Noel, a
colored cook, called upon his former em
ployer, " 'Squire" Jones, at 909 Jackson
street, and demanded back wages.
Jones beat him across the stomach with
an ax handle instead of producing the
coin, and Dr. Starr is not able to state
to what extent he has been internally in
jured, j
Knives, Bottles and Ax Handles Used
in Affrays but Do Little
Damage.
The Harbor Hospital surgeons were
kept busy last evening attending the vic-
NORTH BEACH FIGHTS
KEEP STJBGEONS BUST
This afternoon at 3:30 o'clock the lady
patronesses of the Doctor's Daughters'
doll show will meet in the Maple Hall
of the Palace Hotel and by vote decide
which of the many beautiful dolls that
are to be exhibited are 'worthy of prizes
and special mention.
The judging of the dolls is to be con
ducted on a different principle than that
in vogue in previous years. Each class is
to be specially voted for* and all the
patronesses are expected to vote as many
times as there ara classes in the com
petition.
Yesterday the merchants came to the
front again and contributions were re
ceived from Haas, Rothchild & Ehren
pfort, Cunningham, Curtiss & Welch,
Harry Unna & Co. and C. Solomon Jr.
Sherman & Clay, Goodyear Rubber
Company, Nathan, Dohrmann & Co.,
American Importing Tea Company, Will
& Ftnck Hale Brothers, Sanborn & Vail,
McDonald, Wakelee & Co.. Mack & Co.
and Redlngton & Co. sent contributions
for the "fish pond."
Important Preliminary to the Doc
tor's Daughters' Show at the
Palace This Afternoon.
PATBONESSES WILL
JUDGE DOLLS TO-DAY
Services at the Presidio Attended by
Hundreds of People — Beautiful
Floral Pieces.
A large number of army officers with
their families attended the funeral ser
vices held over the remains of the late
Colonel Liseum at the Presidio chapel
yesterday afternoon. The little chapel
was hardlj- large enough* to contain the
beautiful floral efferinps sent by friends
and admirorB of the heroic soldier. The
officers of the Ninth Infantry, at the head
of which Colonel Liscum was fighting
when he met his death, sent several beau
tiful pieces. The ladies of the Red Cross
societies sent an immense floral cross and
the officers connected with the various
posts in and around the harbor sent im
mense bunches of fragrant roses. The la
di«s of the Presidio arranged the floral
offering!? In a tasteful manner around the
flag-draped casket.
The simple funerai service was read by
Chaplain Joseph Potter, after which the
casket was borne to the waiting caisson
by six non-commissioned officers and
taken to the ferry for shipment to Wash
ington. Two troops of cavalry escorted
the remains, which were followed by a
number of carriages containing army offi
cers and their families through the streets
of the city to the water front.
Owing to illness Mr?. Liscum was una
ble to be present, her brother. Judge Dev
in. representing the family. Among those
present were Colonel Rawles and family,
lieutenant Colonel Lee and family. Colo
nel Pope. Major I»ckwood. Major Adams,
Lieutenant Eujrene Wilson, representing
General Shafter; General Wilson and
Lifutcnant Colonel Hayes.
General Wilson. Lieutenant Colonel
Hayes and Major Reagan will go with the
remains to Washington.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 5.— Arrangements
have been made to pay full military hon
ors to the remains of Colonel E. H. Lit>
cum, who lost his life at Tientsin, on the
occasion of his obsequies in this city.
Colonel Llscum's remains will be placed
in the chapel of St. Paul's Protestant
Episcopal Church, where funeral services
will be held Tuesday arternoon at 2:30
o'clock. All the available troops In this
vicinity, including the cavalry at Fort
Myer and the artillery at Washington
barracks will escort the remains from
the church to Arlington Cemetery. The
Secretary of War has invited the Marine
Corps to participate in the funeral cere
monies as marines formed an important
part of' Colonel Liscum'e command at the
time he met his death. '• >*v
REMAINS OF COLONEL
LISCUM ARE SENT EAST
F. L. Turpln. Frank W. Trower, G. S. Thur
man. George W. Turner. B. W. Taggard. I. J.
Truman. Arthur G. Towne, Oeorge ThJ»tl?ton,
Wllllain D. Townley, Charles F. Thierbach.
Henry R. Taylor, C. Jess* Titus. Joseph S.
Tobln.
H. B. Underhlll Jr., Isaac Upham.
George F. Volkman, O. F. von Rheln. F. L..
von Rheln, A. H. Vail. C. M. Volkman. Frank
A. Vail.
William M. Wlel. Asa H. Waugaman. B. B.
Werthelmer, Norman S. Wrieht. J. G. Wet
more, L. F. Weaver. C. N. Weaver, R. W.
Welch. C. g. Wright. J. A. Weston. William
E. Wood. \V. H. Wells. G. Wormser. T. S.
Williams. A. H. Williams. Holla V. Watt. R.
H. Warfleld, J. W. AVrenn. Jacob Wollner, M.
Wlesenhutter. Charles Welnshenk. W. G.
Woods. Joseph Weinberger, Julius Wolf, Oscar
T. Weber. L. P. F. Waller. W. F. Wilson.
Oeonre L. Walker. E. M. Walsh. A. A. Wat
kins, President Benjamin Ide Wheeler. Henry
Welnstock. Horace Wilson. F. H. WheHan. H.
O. Westphal, Daniel Wilson. George M. Wll
cox, A. W. Wilson.
Carlos G. Younr.
els. John D. EpreclteU. A. L. Scott. Louis T.
framuels. C. Stader. L. S. Sherman. Fred R.
fcherman. Dr. James H. Seymour, A. W. Scott
Jr.. W. A. Smith. Leo Saalfield. R. M. Sims.
t.G. Sargent, George R. Sanderson. E- Pcott;
A. Sbarboro. Frank J. Symmes. A. 8. Soren
eon. Charles Stallman. L. G. Sresovich. Com
mander X. M. Stevenson. U. S. N. ; C. O.
Swanberg. H. S. Stedmaa.' William Schultz,
M. A. Steen,
VAtTDEVIULB STAR WHO HAS AN INNOCENT LOOKING GRIP MADE
SO SHE CAN CARRY HER PET INTO THE PALACE HOTEL GRILL
ROOM TO SPITE THE MANAGEMENT.
32. and Maggie Evans. 23. Oakland: Lewit
Whitaker Adams, 23, San Francisco, and
Maude Rex Adams, 25, Oakland; Vlctoi
Silva. 24, and Ella Fergodo. IS, Pleasan*
ton.
hands of Captain Seymour to be served.
If Johnson is not in the city Mrs. John
son will defray all expenses incurred In
finding him and bringing: him here to be
prosecuted.
Mrs. Johnson is a comely looking
away all the monopoly advantage of the
gras company or the street railway cor
poration and leave it on a footing with
competitive business like a shoe factory
or a cannery- It is to be left as profita
ble, but no more profitable than other en
terprises of equal scope and stability.
"Nothing excites public hostility so
quickly as the open division of exorbitant
profits by public service corporations.
Hence the directors seek to hide these
profits by inflating the capital stock over
which they are spread. With this paper
screen it is easy to make a royal 30 per
cent profit look like a modest 6 per cent."
The list of guests follows:
The guests who gathered at the banquet
board were as follows:
Worthlngton Ames, Groevenor P. Ayers, A.
Aronson, Sol Aroneon, C. J. Auger, A. M.
Armer, H.'Adam, J. W. Amrath.
B. Broemmel, S. L. Bernstein, Edward L.
Baldwin, E. F. Baxter. R. E. Berjrtn. Charles
Biles, Cesar Bertheau, Henry Bninner, A. 8.
Baldwin, Gustave Brenner, Henry Brune, Paul
Batbleri. P. Beamish, A. A. Batkin, A. C
Bates, Charles A. Bon, D. Biagl, Henry T,
Bush. Andrea* Bjolstad, F. F. Balfour. EmiW
Boeseh, Charles Bundschu. R. Benbough. S.
Bauer, Spencer C. Buckbee, S. C. Blgelow.
John Brenner, Lewis E>r. G. S.
Bttckman, C. C. Burr, WWat-e Bradford, David
Bush. William J. Biggy; M. J. Brandenstein,
K. Brandenstein, Eugene J. Bates, Alex O.
Bell, James P. Booth, H. U. Brandenstein,
Charles Boxton, Samuel Braunhart, C. E. Ban
croft, Professor K. C. Babcock.
Milton H. Cook, D. "W. Crowley, Clifftrrd G.
Cook, M. A. C. Christesen, C. M. Cole, Allen
M. Clay, C H. Chase. William Curlett. A.Chrl»
teson, Quincy A. Chase. George I. Chase, Alex
J. CookT John Curtis, XV. H. Crim. F. P. Cole;
A. T. Corbus, John CalTrey, John M. Curtis,
B. B. Cutter, L. Curran Clark, Georsre E.
Church, George D. Cooper, Joseph Q. Cox, J.
Coeta, John Connor, A. Comte Jr., Peter J. Cur
tis.
James Denman, William Denman, Ritchie L.
LHinn, E. G. Dulln, Georjre D. Dornln, F. W.
Dohrmann, A. B. C. Dohrmann. F. Dohrmann
Jr., R. A. Daniels, R. L. Durham, D. F.
Downing, B. O. Dennlston. Andrew M. Davis,
Henry L. Davis, Willis G. Dodd, H. P. Di
mend, D. M. Davidson. William A. Doble. R.
t>. Davis, E. J. Duncombe, A. A_ d"Anfcna,
M. D., Lawrence J. Dwyer, W. R. Dempster.
William Ehrenpfort, R. C. Emery,, Scott
Elder, O. F. Ehrenpfort, James C. Everting,
Chester H. Evann, A. Eisenbers, William von
Krakau Esters. Milton H. Esberg.
Albert Frank, J. Richard Freud, Morris
Felntuch, S. Feder, J. P. Fraser, Henry Froh
man, Henry T. Fennel, H. C. Flageollet, H. E.
Faure, A. Fodera, John Farnham. W. D. Fen
nimore, William Frank. George Fredericks, B.
P. Flint, Christian Froellch, E. W. Ferguson,
A. C Freese. Otto Falch, Phineas F. Fergu
son, M. J. Fontana.
Horace Guittard, W. S. Oage, A. P. Gian
ninl, J. S. Greenebaum. J. J. Glldea, W. U
Growall. James D. Gordan. Henry R. Gund
lach, J. 1j. Graf. I. Gutte, Harry- N. Gray.
Solomon Gump, AJ H. Greenebaum. J. D.
Grant, Naph. B. Greensfelder, M. A. Goldstone,
George Greenzwelg, Albert Grununger, Joseph
G. Giestlng, C. E. Grunsky.
Alphonse Hirsch. Leopold Hlrsch, Henry
Hilp, J. R. Howell. H. M. Heineman. Albert
Hoeflich, M. R. Hlggins. F. F. G. Harper. C.
] A. Hawkins, James Hag&n, M. Hale, R. R
Hale, Thomas R. Henehelwood, P. M. Haslett,
Joseph D. Hooker. John W. Heidt, W. G.
Hicks, William J. Helmquest, M. Hart. Rob
ert B. Hochetadter, R. Herman, Joseph B.
Halns. J." R. Hansen, B. Hart. C. Hirschfelrt,
Alfred Holman. F. H. Hammer. B. S. Hub
bard, Richard M. Hotallnjr. C. G. Hooker.
S. C. Irving, Charles Isaac. John G. Us, S.
Ickelheimer, George H. Ismon. "
Samuel ! Johnson, William H. Jordan. Ilufus
P. Jennings, H. L. Johnson. E. B. Jorgensen,
Alphonse Judis, Arthur L. Judis. G. Jewell,
Thomaa Jennings, President David Starr Jor-
D V. Kelly, Philip C. Kelly. Frank Koenlnr.
L. M. Kaiser, M. 8. Kohlberg. Carl L. Koster,
Fred J. Koster, Taul F. Kingston. A. N.
1 Kirk, M. D. : Eugene L. Kohlberg, J. Kullman.
Herbert Kullman, S. Katten. James W. Kerr.
A. Kerr. E. C. Kalben, E. H. Klttredge, S. B.
Kittredge, H. 'Kohlbergr, Henry Kahn, A. G.
D. Kennel, John C. Kirkpatrlck.
H. M. Landsberger. P. N. Ltllenthal. Frank
lin K. Lane. Cnrl (3. Larsen. Alfred Larsen.
Hartland Law. .Herbert E. Law. W. G. Lang
don. Darby I^aydon, Otto Lang, William Lar
klns. Louts B. Levy. F. J. Lastufka.
Alfred J. Marcus. Kenneth Melrose. H. Max
well Irving F. Moulton, John F. McGeougn.
Samuel M. Marks. Edward H. Mitchell. D. R.
McNeil!, A. J. McNIcoll, Byron Mauzy. T. J.
McCann, L. V. Merle, James McXab. C. Mag
ginl.R. E. Miller, James L. Martel, Henry F.
Maas, J. A. Morrow, WllUam Mooser Jr., A.
J. Mitchell, C. ¦ K. Melrose, C. W. Marwedel.
William. B. Maxwell, S. C. Murray, Emanuel
Magnln, Joseph Majrnln, Daniel McLeod,
Joseph Magner. W. A. Miller, George P. Mor
row, R. D. McElroy, John McLaren, R. C.
Miller. R. G. Mudge, P. H. McCarthy, Wil
liam N. McCarthy. A. B. Magulre. Marsden
Manson, D. W. Montgomery. M. D. ; W. 8.
Markel, Roy Mauvais, E. Maxwell, H. Mich
aels, C. F. Michaels. ...
!• H. M. Newhall. Hermann Nathan". Harry
Nordman, A. i Nardlnl, Jay T. Naalv J. C.
Nolan, H. R: Newbauer, F. V. Nelson.
J W.-Orr, S. Odagakt, Frank F. Osborn, Max
Ordrnsteln. B. P. Oliver. v -
- Charles W. Pike. Roy M. Pike. E. C. Pal
mlerl, E. C. Priber. . D. ¦ H. Porter. John W.
Parkhurst. J. Priester, Henry F.'Pernau. Wil
liam Pardy, W. J. 'Partly, Lesser . Prmrer, I.
Praeer. George W. H. Patterson. James P.
Peterson. J. J." Pflster, Mayor Phelan, P. Peter
son, John M. PettP3r»?w.
John E.Qulnn. John W. Quick.
U Rt'thenberK. A. E. Brooke Ridley, A. J.
Ralston.' F. A. Raymond. A. J. Rich, Darid
Rich, Husro Rothschild. William P. Reddlng
ton P. Rossi. Edwin H. Richardson. John C.
Retmers. ¦ Richard L. Radke. Theo. Roths
child M. Rau. William Rieger. Georre H.
Roo* C -T.- Rnnyon/ CharlM -Wesley Reed,
Professor Edward A. Ross, Arthur Rosenblatt.
R. S. ShainwaJd, Carl . H. Schmidt, F. Schu
macher CHto Stuetrel, WllUam R. • Sherwood,
John T. "SuUlT»n. Jerome . B. . Stanford. Ben.J.
Schmidt, S. Sureman. -W. ' A. Schrock, Johann
Schmidt. Gnstave Pchnee. H. A. Smith, Edward
Schlld. D. Schlueter, R. H. Sohlueter. Charles
D. Steiger, John 8. Scott. William A. Schulta.
John Slmonds. ' Etnert H. Ptmonds.. -Ray W.
Simonds, ¦ M. Pamuel, William Samuel. Max
RarnuH. Paul Samuel, U A: Steiger. James A.
Blocombe, - A. S. Stance, Clau» SpracJc-
MRS. EVALIZA JOHNSON se
cured a warrant from Judge
Fritz yesterday for the arrest
of her husband. William J.
Johnson, on the charge of big
amy, and the warrant was placed in the
AIRS. WILLIAM J. JOHNSON. WHO IS DETERMINED TO BRING TO
JUSTICE HER BIGAMIST HL'SBAXD, WHO DESERTED HER FOR A
PRETTY WAITRESS, WHOM HE MARRIED IN THIS CITY.
Mrs. Johnson ascertained that her
rival's parents resided at 323 Fifth street.
Portland, and decided to start out on &
search for her enins spouse. She sold
the business In Walla Walla, but Just bo
fore she left she received a latter from
her husband from this city saying ha bad
heard she Intended to make trouble for
him and if she dtd he would return and
sell out the business and leave her penni
less, at the same time begging here not
to do anything to disgrace their child.
Mrs. Johnson went to Portland and
learned from the girl's mother that her
husband had gone away with Minnie and
she believed they had been married. Mrs.
Winters was very bitter against them
and promised to help Mrs. Johnson In her
efforts to locate and punish Johnson.
Mrs. Johnson came to this city a few
days ago and registered at the Lick
House. She at once started an Investi
gation and noon ascertained that her
nusband and the girl had been married
here on September 24 In the Central
Methodist Church by R«v. S. I>. Hutaln
plller. Both gave their addresses as
Napa. Johnson gave his age as 33 and
Miss Winters' as 21. Mm. Johnson ob
tained a certified copy of the marriage
certificate, which she produced along witb
her own marriage certi"cate wbea apply
ing for the warrant.
"The last I heard of my husband.** *h-»
said, ."was that he was In Denver la the
cigar business. He sold oct tnd left
there about two weeks ago and mar now
be In this city. No matter where b* !».
I feel that he will be discovered and I
win spare no expense to bring him to Jus
tice for the wrong he has don« me* Mj
husband Is a gambler and will soon go
through his money. He never gave th«
slightest indication that he Intended to
desert me and I cannot forgive him foz
his duplicity."
Last July Johnson's health failed and
he went to Seaside, a resort near Astoria.
Or., where he became enamored of Min
nie O. Winters, on© of the waitresses at
the hotel where he stopped. He returned
home about the middle of August and two
weeks later again left, taking with him
(1300. which he drew from the bank. K«
wrote his" wife that he had left her for
ever and she- need not trouble herself to
seek for htm. She made inquiry and fin
ally learned of his Infatuation for the
waitress and that the latter had left the,
hotel where she had been employed.
woman about 30 years of aars. She w«
married to Johnson In Oak Run, Shasta
County, by Justice of the Peace W. Wal-
IendorfC on June 22, 1S90. They both lived
at the time In that locality. Mrs. John
son's maiden name being Alpaujrh. About
five years ago they went to live In Walla
Walla. Wash., where Johnson started a
wholesale and retail confectionery busi
ness. A daughter was born to them, who
is now 9 years old, and, they lived hap
pily together.
The fourth annual exhibition of paint
ing? and sculpture by the artist members
of the Bohrmicn Club opened yesterday
end Is pmnoum-ed the most elaborate in
the history of the club. Shortly after 2
o'clock thf do.jrp »yrc thrown op<*n and
The la<Jy pilfers viewf-d over 250 handsome
paintings in the jir.lu room.
The exhilition tnil continue for two
¦woeks. closing on December 3). The com
mittee on an is composed of Thomas
KS'-kard. W. J. Stafford and Frank P.
De^ring.
Among the. exhibitors of paintings are:
H. R. Bloomer. H. J. Hreuer. V. S. Butler,
<" Cadenasso J W. Clawson. YVhlis E.
l»avis. C J. Uii-kman. Harry Stuart Fon
da. Jnhn M. GamWc. Thomas Hill. Chris
Jrrpensen. C. t'hapel Jud^on. L.. P. Lati
mer. Onin Peck, Charles Hollo t»et<-rs. Ju
lian nix. C. D. Robinson. John A. Stan
t"n. M. Straus. Thad Welch and Theodore
Wores.
Three pieces «f sculpture. '"Kismet'
(Fate molding the heads of men). "Ambi
tion" and "Despondency." have been
jilaced on exhibition by R. I. Aitken.
The inoft valuable picture in the collec
tion is "Yosemiie Valley, from Artists'
Point." the . work of Thomas Hill. Its
value is placed at $5000. Julian Rix adds
to the beauty of the d sp<ay by three land
scapes. Cadrnp.sso> eleven pictures are
true works of art. and two heads. "Iie-
Hections" and "Innocence," by Judeon,
attracted much attention.
; Charles Rollo Peters is on the catalogue
!or twenty-eipht handsome works of art.
Hii? "St. Anthony de Padua" is one of the
rnos-t beautiful productions of his brush.
The other pictures, including the portrait
eiudies by Orrin Peck, are remarkably
eo<"d. "One Purpose," a prairie fire, by
Htraus. is the best of his collection of
fourteen.
Paintings and Sculpture on the
Opening 3>ay.
r-Iar.v Ladies View the Handsome
ican bull terrier pi'p that was
iz;\en to her by h<^r friend. Superintendent
of Police Devery of N«w York, just before
r-1 ;pft Oothatn to piay the Western elr-
Patrice'l troubles began whon eho
I :cbx her ticket in th»> Bast Th<» Pull
man car msnapement would n"t allow th*
¦'¦rrifr to travel in a pippin? car. The
;n-tress brought political influence to bear.
"Dry Dollar" Sullivan's sympathies were
enlisted and he obtained a pass for the
r".o(t with the privilope of traveling: on the
Pullman.
On arriving in this city Patrice hied her
>• A M the Palace Hotel. Thf clerks were
nil rmiles; they rouid be delighted to
bare ner as a truest, but they scratched
'.tif dop. The canine must oil her be kept
outside the hotel or Patrice must gT else
where. To allow the pup to be separated
ironr her was out of the question, so she
is stopping at another hostelry.
Aft*r dui> evisceration Patrice decided
that ehe would have revenge on th<? Pal
ace Hotel management. She went to a
trunk manufacturer and had an innocent
looking traveling prlp made. The leather
e:i<Ss were simply wwn to the t-op edg«
and the inside of the bag was built with
Mire bars. The dog was put into the grip
and then a march to the Palace was made
by Patrice, accompanied by her stage
manager. She went direct to the griSl
room and the door was opened by one of
the polite attaches of the house, who
y. anted to relieve her of the grip. She
to!<J the boy that It contained valuable
jewels and that she would not tet It out
cf her sight-
Afier being seated at the table Patrice
opened the grip and all through her meal
t.-.e precious pup received dainty morsels
hariq^d down from the table. Patrice savs
she has had her revenge; that she has
trought the dog into the sacred shadows
of the Palace «»very night she has been
.In town, and that she will continue to do
so Until th# close of her engagement.
ART EXHIBITION AT
THE BOHEMIAN CLUB
Is Parting Souvenir of
Chief Devery of
Mew York.
PATRICK, the pr«*tty actress now
appearing at the Orpheum. has
trouMes. *>n«l they .ire all owing
to her rvosrrssinn nf tt real Mex-
Actress Avenges Insult to Her Pet by Taking It Into Grill
room in Specially Designed Grip.
Professor Babcock's '.em arks were
chiefly directed to prove that municipal
ownership of public utilities would result
in cheaper rates to the consumer.
"Munvtpal ownership has come to'stay,"
said Professor Babcock, "and all that
must be determined is how far shall we
go in the matter. New York, Boston, De
troit and Baltimore have all tried munici
pal ownership with success, and San
Francisco -has proven Itself wise, far
sighted and well guarded in declaring in
Its charter for the ultimate acquisition
of the great public utilities."
"With due deference to the new char
ter," said Frank J. Symmes, the first
speaker of the negative, "I do not know
but that this city is better off now, than
if it were to fake up the great responsi
bilities of municipal ownership. Acqui
sition of public utilities by the city is only
possible if it can be demonstrated that
through k can be furnished better and
cheaper service In street railways, tele
phones and water systems, than by pri
vate corporations. It is results that we
are after, not methods. We must not be
misled by what has been successfully
done In London, Glasgow or Kalamazoo.
(Laughter.) Some one has said that the
city would save $180,000 In taxes If this
city should acquire the Spring Valley
water plant. But it is forgotten that that
sum must be replaced by an equivalent
amount from increased taxation on other
property. We must be fair and Just to
capital as well -as to the people. San
Francisco must not drive capital away.
(Applause.)
"Municipal ownership can best be post
poned, for what the city needs more than
that is better Bchools and streets. It
needs a new quarantine officer. (Long
continued applause and cries of "That's
right,") If I nad my way I would borrow
$100,000,000 fr.om Claus Spreckels (laugh
ter) and spend $5,000,000 on our city front.
(Applause.; The rest of the money I would
utilize in making this the best city in the
vorld, so that Its population and business
would double in twenty years." (Contin
ued applause and cheers.)
"Sacramento has successfully under
taken the responsibility of owning its own
water system," said Colonel Henry Weln
stock, who spoke ' for' the affirmative.
"The consumers there have to pay Just
one-half what, is paid in this city. It is
true that socialists advocate the munici
pal ownership of public utilities, but It is
not true that all those who advocate it
are socialists. Municipal ownership. It
nan been said, would destroy competition
and lead to public monopoly. Let us be
grateful that the way to monopoly in this
country is very hard and let us hope that
it will be harder. There is a distinction
between private and public monopoly. In
private monopoly the public* is helpless,
but In public monopoly the public has
methods of redress at its command. .
¦ "The most serious objection raised to
municipal ownership is the increased ex
pense Incident thereto. It Is true that no
cities are eo extravagantly governed and
give less to' their people than American
cities. This deplorable fact seems an ir
refutable argument against the acquisi
tion of the utilities. But I see an impor
tant step In political progress by the in
troduction of the Australian ballot : law,
purity of election law and . civil service
law. It Is simply a question of putting
the right men in the right places and. the
objection stated will disappear. The po
litical indifference of Kb better citizenship
is the. country'* greatest menace. (Ap
plause.) There is but one escape from pri
vate monopoly, arid that is public owner
ship, which will bring about the highest
and best municipal government."
E. A. Ross, late head professor of eco
nomics and social science in Stanford Uni
versity, was greeted with great applause
when he rose ' to close for .• the negative
side of the question. . '¦*
-."The true goal of municipal regulation,",
said Prof essor Ross, "is . the exacting, of
such terms for, the franchise as will shear
The inviUci gruests to the number of 4S5
gathered In the parlor as early as 6:30 and i
shortly afterward, headed by F. W. Dohr
mann, president of the Merchants' Asso
ciation, proceeded to the banquet hall.
The feast was presided over by Mr. E>ohr
mann; who with the honored guests oc
cupied a special tabLe on the elevated,
platform. On Mr. Dohrmann's Immediate
right sat Claus Sprockets with Professor
Benjamin Ide Wheeler, Frank J. Symmes.
Professor E. A. Koss and Dr. D. W. Mont
gomery. On his left were Mayor Phelan,
Colonel H Welnstock. Professor David
Starr Jordan and Professor" K. C. Bab
cock k
The other guests were seated at a
score of tables running parallel, which
were gaily .adorned here and there with
choice cut flowers interwoven with gar
lands of smilax. Men prominent in the
educational, forensic anil business world,
to whoee efforts much of the success at
tained by this Western metropolis is due. •
were gathered In friendly intercourse, and !
good humor i reyaiied throughout the en
tire evening. Men forgot for the moment
cares and worries and lent themselves to
a thorough enjoyment of the good things,
material and intellectual, that had been
provided for their delectation.
When Mr. Dohrrrann rose to make the
opening remarks just about the time cof
fee was served, he was greeted with
hearty applause. After a facetious al
lusion to the Intellectual treat In store for
the assembled guests after he had con
cluded. Mr. Dohrnr.ann outlined the work
accomplished by the association during
th<» lapt yar. He referred to its efforts
in behalf of the Texas sufferers, which
resulted In a contribution from this State
of $!3 0-X).
"The mission of the Merchants' Associa
tion." said Mr. Dohrmann, "Is to make
this citv ideal; to make our streets and
public buildings perfect. We owe our
gratitude to a Sharon, a Huntlngton. a
Sweeney. & Crocker and a Donahue for
the many beautiful fctructures In our
beautiful Golden Gate Park. We fcwe our
thanks to Mrs. Stanford (applause) and
Mrs. Hearst for their substantial dona
tions to the cause of education as exem
plified in our two institutions. We ar«
deeply Rrateful to the gift of that magni
ficent Temple of Music mad«? to the city
by one of our foremost citizens, Claus
Spreckels, who Is our honored guest this
evening."
At this point the gursts rose to their
feet and cheered for several minutes.
Napkins were waved until Mr. Spreckels
was obliged to say a few words or thanks
for the tribute paid him.
' "We also owe our thanks to the pres3,"
continued Mr. Dohrmann, "for its aid In,
our efforts for the welfare of this commu
nity. I must confess that we are too pop
ula'r at the City Hall. I have noticed that
when the Supervisor? desire to solve nonw
knotty question, for Instance to vote
money for street paving when there Is
no money available, they refer the matter
i to the Merchants' Association. In the
I language of the day they 'pass the buck'
to us. Coming to the subject of the new
charter— while we must acknowledge thai
it has its defects and shortcomings it is
much better than the previous organic
law which governed the city. The civil
service section is Intended to put the
municipal government on a business, not
a political, plane.
"In introducing the subject for discu-*
j Blon, 'The Advisability of Municipal
! Ownership and Operation of Public UtUi
j tirs.' I desire to state tliat we have pitted
1 against each other a professor of each of
our great universities, but it Is to be un
derstood that it is in no sense a debate
between the two institutions of learning.
I take pleasure now in Introducing K.
I C. Hancock, professor of hlston' and polit
ical science in the University of Califor
nia, who will speak on the iUflrraativ*
side of the question.
The third annual dinner of the Mer
chants' Association was held lust night
in the muin dining room of the Palace
Hotel and the affair excelled the previous
ones both in point of numbers that at
tended and the enthusiasm displayed.
Besides the enjoyment of a splendid menu
got up in the best style, the guests were
regaled with the beat thought of several
wo.'l known educators and men versed In
business affairs.
Nearly Five Hundred Guests Listen
to Men Prominent in Educa
tional and Business
Municipal Ownership of
Utilities Topic Under
.Discussion.
BANQUET OF
THE MERCHANTS'
ASSOCIATION
Seeures a Warrant for Husband Who Left Her fora
Waitress, Whom He Married in This City.
DESERTED WIFE TRAILING
ALLEGED BIGAMIST JOHNSON
PATRICE DINES AT PALACE
WITH HER BULL TERRIER
THE SAN .FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 6, 1900.
11
"Dry Dollar" Sullivan
Procures Pullman
Pass.
c
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
It is a wonderful soap
that takes hold quick and
does no harm.
No harm ! It leaves the
skin soft like a baby's; no
alkali in it, nothing but
soap. The harm is done by
alkali. Still more harm is
done by not washing. So,
bad soap is better than
none.
What is bad soap? Im-
perfectly made; the fat
and alkali not well bal-
anced or not combined.
What is good soap?
Pears'.
AH sorts of stares sell It, especially droratstK
all sorts 61 people uae it. „--,;*¦«-. "
ADVEB.TTSEMENTS. •
Pears'
GENERAL AGENT,
405 Montgomery Sti,
* BAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
phonb mHiN soia
Ther* has been discovered br the State
Medical Institute. 201 Elektrcn building. Fort
Wayne. Ind.. the moit remarkabls Blood Poison
cure ever beard of. It has cured all such ln-
d:ca.t!or.s as mucous patches in tbe mouth,
•ore throat, copper colored vpots, chancres,
liberations of the body, and in hundreds of
• ns-e, where the hair and eyebrows had fallen
out and the whole skin was a mass of bolls.
pitrples and ulcers this wonderful cpeelflc has
completely changed the whole body into ' a
cie&n, perfect condition of .physical health.
L:\ery railroad running Into Fort Wayne brings
m ' re» of sufferers seeking this new and marvel-
> out cure, and to enaMe those who cannot travel
Y Vj realize what a truly marreloua work the in-
J u'.tute is accomplishing they will send free to
every sufferer a free trial treatment, so that
• very one can cure themselves in the privacy
cf tbeir own home. This Is the only known
cure for Blood Poison. Do not hesitate to
writ* at ence and the fre* trial will b« sent
otUed to tJaia package.
All Other Treatments Failed
. to Even Help.
Cures Cases That Hot Springs and
Who Suffer From Any Stisre
of the Disease.
A Trial Treatment Sent Free to All
Cures Blood Poison
OF NEW TORK. IN THE STATE OK NEW
York, on the 21st day of December, A. D.
1899, and for the year ending on that day, at
made to the Insurance Commissioner of th«
State of California, pursuant to the provision!
of Sections 610 and ill of the Political Code,
condeneed as per blank furnished by tb« Com-
missioner.
CAPTTAI*
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up ta
Cash S20Q.OO8 t*
ASSETS. ¦
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company .......CTS.fV) 0*
Cash in Company's Office J.M7 2»
Cash in Banks 11.W3 St
Interest due and accrued on all Stocks
and Loans L4& 3)
Premiums in du* Course of Collection. 14,7*6 0}
Total Assets - S316.K4 It
UABHJTTES.
Losses in process of Adjustment or In
Suspense J5.C83 II
Loee«s resisted, including expenses... J.375 W
Gross premiums on Risks running oae
year or less, % — ; reinsurance SO
per cent *\J70 91
Gross premiums on Risks runnlnc
more than on* year. }....: reinsur-
ance pro rata 149 9
Due and accrued for salaries, rent.
etc 1««
Due for reinsurance............... — .... S.M7 M
Total Liabilities 173,131 71
XSCGME.
Net cash actually received for prem-
iums 1111.172 71
Received for Interest and dividend* on
Bonds. Stocks, Loans, and from all
other sources 7.4S9 S
Total Incorn« TO*.Sn 11
EXPENDITURES,
Net amount paid for Losses 120,78111
Paid or allowed tor Commission or
Brokerage ».Ol ft
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 11,740 M
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes —— «,C«7 7J
All other payments and expenditures.. 44.2Z1 SI
Total Expenditures IU9.512 71
EDWARD V. LOEW, President.
CHARLES T. HOPPER. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to befor* me this 27t>
day of January. 1900.
CHARLES EDOAB-anLL8,
Commissioner for California.
E. F\ GREENE,
COMPANY
New Amsterdam Casualty
OB* THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
— L-OB" THB
STATEMENT
ADVERTISEMENTS.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 6, 190O.
12
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUEECESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
C»1I. corner of Market and Third streets; open
until U o'clock every ni?ht In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-K7 Montgomery street.
corner Clay; open until S:!3 p. m.
£00 Hayes .etreet : open until 9:30 p. m.
CSS McAllister etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
CIS Larkin Etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
JJ41 Mission Etreet; open until 10 p. m.
_C1 Market etreet. corner Sixteenth; open
cstil » p. m.
106 Eleventh etreet: open until 9 p. m.
1C96 Valencia etreet; open until J p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky rtrects: open until 9 p. m.
UEET»G NOTICES.
A MEETING of Yerba Buena Chap- j""|
ter No. L Row Crolx. A. and A., ,_JJ, ¦
Scottish Rite of Freemasonry, will —^ — I
be held in Oommandery Hall. Ma- El
eonic Temple, on THURSDAY \r[
EVENING, Dec. 6. U00. at 7:30 VI
o'clock. M
HENRY BURNER. Secretary.
A STATED meeting of Yerba Buena
Lodge of Perfection No. 1. A. and A.. jjT
Scottish Rite of Freemasonry. wiU ** /V
hfld in Commandery Hall. Masonic jKV
Temple, on THURSDAY EVENING, «_£»
Dec 6. :900, «U ? o'clock.
HENRY BURNER. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lod-e No. 1. F. and A. ¦
M.. will meet THIS (THURSDAY)
EVENING. Dec. 6, at 7:30 o'clock. J\J\
Stated meeting and election of officers. / » *
By order of the master.
FRAXKLIX H. DAT. Secretary.
MISSION Chapter No. 79, R. A. M-— «
Stated meeting THIS (THURSDAY) Jl
EVENING. 7:38 o'clock. Mission Ma- }\J\
sonic Temple. 2668 Mission street. • >
Business. Mark Master degree. By order of
the H. P. JNO. R. HILLMAN Sec ,
FIDELITT Lodge No. 120, F. and A. M. •
—Stated and annual meeting TH1S^4_
(THURSDAY) EVENING. at ":30753r
o'clock Election of officers. By order i i
of the W. M.
FREDERICK BARRY. Secretary.
EOfTH SAN FRANCISCO Lrtdge No. ¦
212, F. and A. M— Annual stated meet-__\_
ing TIIIS (THURSDAY) EVENING. VV
e.t 7:30 o'clock. Election of officers. i^w '
E. C. HARE. Secretary.
DORIC Lodce No. T16, F. and A. M.— n~~
Stated and annual meeting, election of__%
•:¦•¦:> TJHS (THURSDAY) EVLN-VY
1XG. at 7:30 o'clock. By order of thefV'
n.aFter. J. R. GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
FIDELITT Lodge No. 120. F. and A. A
M.— Funeral notice.— Officers and mem- J*
bers are recuested to assemble at Ma-trTf
pntvk- Temcle at. 9 a. m.. FRIDAY.'w>
the 7th lnst.. for the purpose of conducting
the funeral ceremonies of our late brother,
WALTER HIRSCHFELD, thence per 11:30
train to Hills of Eternitv Cemetery. By order
of the W. M.
FREDERICK BARRY. Secretary.
MEMBERS cf Yerba Buena Lodge j»itar»/>.
No. 15, I. O. O. F.-The Gran.l #j"*-~*X_
Master will pay our lodge an of-
ficial visit THURSDAY EVEN- ?»W»v?
ING. rvc-embcr 6. Election of officers for en-
tuing term. Ever}" member Is particular! v
requested to be present. All other lodges are
cordially invited to Join us.
JOHN A. OLS.EN. N. G.. Pro. Tern.
T. A. MARTIN. Rec. Sec.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 105. I. O. O.
F.— Initiation six candidates and ; §?5^>5X?r
election of officers THIS (THURS-
DAT» EVENING. Visiting broth- '%»^ v
crs cordially invited.
FRANK P. ASH WORTH, N. Q.
FRANK D. MACBETH. Rec. Sec.
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 17S, lTo.
¦¦ F.-Initiation ani election oi £>j*T32<£l
¦ fflc ers T H I ? "THURSDAY)
EVENING. Members are re- f?*»»«^r
<juest<?d to be present. Visitors Invited.
THOS. TIPPETT, N. G.
K. S. WISWELL. R. S.
AGENTS WASTED,
AGENTS— Do you want something more profit-
able and easier to sell than books or insur-
ar.ee? Add. F. PERSON, r. 412. Porrott bldg.
jroft TO SViO per month: men or women; t-alary
t cc.mniifsi^n. i-?7 Market St.. room 615.
ASrilALTOI KOOFIXG.
J. PELTIER! a»phalt roofing! sidewalks re-
r-iir«-d: postal. 11^6 Mission; tel. Folsom 1607.
AbTKULUGV.
DR. C. TOUSEY TAYLOR, Scientific Astrolo-
eer— Free copy "The New Moon." 7C5 Market.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
R. W. KING. ?27 Market et.. 6th floor, room 627
—Estates, damages, attachments, bankruptcy,
collections; ail ca»?s: fair fees; no advance
charges; loans on tetates. Tel. Howard 1S37.
¦— — — .
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
ro fee without 6uccess; collections. G. W.
HOWE. £tty at law. £50 Market, cor. Stockton.
J. EDW. JARB.ETT, Hearst bldg.. Third and
Market sts. ; phone Red 1262.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. S27 Market st.. opp. Mason.
L S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket st.: consultation free: no fees In advance.
UATli CAUIM£TS.
KOB1NSON. Niagara. Perfect ion~a^TothersTwT
S. BROWN CO.. ngenry. 426 Ellis St.. S. F.
UOAUOUG FOIl CHILDRU.V
WIDOW would like 2 children"to^boarT;~fur^
!iiEh*tl room for parent- 249 Shipley st.
ULSI.VESS CUA>C_S. ~~
A— OYSTER depot; price $1500; place doing~~a
Sarpe business, m-stly wbolesa.1*, cash trade;
r.ot less than $2."»0 profit per month; fullest in-
%estigation solicited. Particulars R. U.
WiLKE. 26', Kearny tu
A— $700; SALOON and lunch house; surrounded
ly wholesale houses and machine shops; es-
tablished years; rent $30; splendid offer* Call
It. G. WILKE. 20hz Kearny at. "...
A— $700; ONE-HALF interest In tood paying
rtMaurant on Kearny et. ; a first-class prop-
osition for the right party. It. G. WILKE, {
l^S Kearny et. ;
A— $750.i ; SALOON near Chronicle building; es- I
tablished years and known as one or the j
k-adir.g place* of the city. Call R. G. «
WILKE. C6'i Koarny st.
A— $1200; CORNER grocery and bar; one block
south of McAllister st.; rent $45; 4Vi years
itase; owner has two more places of busi-
ness and must sell one; stock will Invoice !
the price. Call R. G. WILKE. 26'.j Kearny.
A— $2000; RESTAURANT and coffee parlor on
K«-arny ct.. near Chronicle building; rent $125; j
business clearing $200 and above per month;
owner engaged otherwise; compelled to sacrl-
fioe. Call R. G WILKE. 26S Kearny st.
A— $2SW: CORNER liquor bar; established 4J {
years; located near Chronicle building; 3
years' loase; daily receipts about $50; one of |
the best paying bars In this city. Particulars
H. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny st. ¦
A— CORNER butcher shop on Howard st. ; do- <
lr.g a first-class paying cash business; must
tell at once; owner going in cattle buying, t
R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kf arny st.
A— $1200; BAKERY, corner. Jn Western Add.;
«stab. many years; 4 horses, wagon, etc.; bak-
ing 4 barrels per day: 5 living rooms, bath;
rent $r»0; ;. years' lease: death of owner cause
gf_rale. R. G. WILKE. 2S\j Kearny bL
V ANTED— A. good tenant tor grand corner
Ftore end basement with fixtures suitable for
procery business; special inducements. Ap-
ply SPECK & CO.. 667 Market et.
BARGAIN— Bakery and branch; store trade or
5 barrels a day; $1500. Apply at once to Mc-
LAUGHLIN & CO.. ;~hj Market st.
IF j'ou have anything to sell cr exchange see
E. J. LUNDIN. 8_ Market at.
$800 CAFH— Cor. grocery and bar; good busi-
ness, which could be largely Increased; large
Etx:k. fine Tortures, wagon, etc. Immedlateh-
box C22. Call office.
BAKERY — Business comer. oven fixtures !
etc.. to let; Twenty-fourth and Guerrero! I
Owner, 1_ Chattanooea ft.
COAL yard: Western Addition; 3 horses- 2 new
wa~cns; estd 1« yrs.; must sell. Call 631 !
Fillmore et.. between 6 and S p. m. ; no agents.
A STREET sandwich wagon with everything
complete; a bargain. Mint Saloon, 31 Fifth, j
FOR sale— On exceptional terms, a complete
printing plant, suitable for printing a seven '
double-column paper; plenty of type and ether
accessories. For further particulars address
M. F. WALSH. Ca»trovlHe. Cal.
SS(Ki— COFFEE and lun<h parlor on one of the
best fcireeis in city; doing good business R.
ii. WILKE. 2G% Kearay Bt,
RESTAURANT doing a good business for Bale;
a good chant* for man and wife with family I
furniture all new; give a trial for week or
more; best location. Box 467, Call office.
S1100 FOR grocery and bar: NE. corner Twen-
ty-fourth and Alabama sts.; great bargain;
investigate: must be Bold at once; owner i
cbliged to leave on other business New York. I
> — WHOLESALE liquor burtness; long estab-
lished: malting money; no agents. Inquire H.
L. REA. 40» Washington 6 t.. S. F.
CHEMIHT of wide experience In tnanufactur- j
Ing will furnish Instructions for making
anything desired. Chenrilet. box 646, Call.
PRACTICAL man would invest $500 to J6000 in
paying enterprise, with services; principals
cnly. Box 460. Call office. -i
SrO. 1 city retail business for sale: a. bargain; j
fullest investigation. Box 439, CalL j
BUSINESS CHANCES — CONTINUED.
A— RESTAURANT: heart city; -money maker;
come quick. COWING & CO.. 719 Market St.
A FINE corner grocery and bar; best location;
come at once. COWING & CO.. 719 Market.
A PLUMBING shop; good location; come at
once. COWING & CO., 719 Market Bt,
A— PARTNER wanted In good hotel. COWING
& CO.. 718 Market st. •
COFFEE and chophouse at a sacrifice; owner
eick and must sell at once. 1612% Folsom st.
?25<>— FOR sale — Fine millinery store. Address
• A. M., Call branch, SCO Hayes st.
JlrtO— STATIONERY store; clean stock and fix-
tures: good location. Addrees box 552, Call.
FINE chance for shoemaker; old stand to let
cheap. 32€1 Twenty-fourth et.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Futacriptions has been established at lOrJi
Valencia st. - . - - *¦ ¦ . ' * ¦ ¦
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
MONEY loaned on lodging. houses. 1>4 p. c;
»r.y thing you want in lodging-houses; s'mpls;
37 rooms on Powell at.; rent $175; price. .$1900
13 rooms on Geary st. ; rent $65: price 1060
Jj rooms on O'Farrell st. ; rent $63; price.. 758
20 rooms on Mission 6t. ; rent $60: price.. 1100
J6 rooms on Howard St.; rent $25; price.. 750
For quick salee list your houses with A. L.
WILLKY. 9J6 Market Bt. : phone black 5215.
ALL the latest bargains come to us.
From 5 to 200 rooms. $125 to $23,000.
1000 houses to choose from; fair and honest
treatment: some first-class family hotels in
all locations.
We assist you half the purchase money; cash
or easy terms. HAYES & WILSON, 838 Mar-
ket st. (The Elite).
LODGING-HOUSE buyers, attention— Good-
paying houf-es; sizes, prices and locations to
meet your desires; honest value guaranteed;
rnoney loaned buyers; titles searched by a
regular searcher; your interests protected. All
this and many choice investments you will
find at SCHWEINHARD, Real Estate Office,
rooms 1-2, No. 917 Market St.
A— 22-ROOM house; central -....$1000
10-room house; first-class 1050
ll-room house; $475; 6-room flat 325
20-room house; Eddy; rent $75: only 900
FISHER & CO.. 1032 Market St.
SNAP— 11 rooms, furnished: clears $25 per mo.;
only $125. FISHER & CO.. 1C32 Market st.
M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market St.. room 1; free list;
over 500; all sizes and prices; please calL
DESIRABLE corner; 10. rooms; always full;
r»nt $28, Income $74: owing to sickness will
sell at a bargain. ' Box 649. Call office.
$300 — GOOD hardwood furniture 14-roomed
house; J25 rent. 856 Howard St. ,. ¦.v..-
JESSIE. 476— A furnished house of 14 rooms for
sale cheap.!
FOR sale — Lodging-house of 3S rooms: well fur-
nished. 549 Howard St.. near Second.
$400— BARGAIN; lodslng-hous« of 26 rooms;
clears $80 month; easy work. Inquire Call.
SIXTH. 242^ — A furnished house of 9 rooms for
Bale.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
COLUMBUS BUGGY CO.. clearance sale; low
wheel, rubber tire, road wagon, $S0; other
etyles at proportionately low prices; suitable
Xmas presents. Markt. nr. 9th.. opp. St. Nlch.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGA.V & SON. 2117 Mission St.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single. al«o light I
camping wagon, for sale cheap. C32 Mission, i
NEW & 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ness, work & driving horses. 13th & Valencia.
SPIRITUALISM. i
MRS. DR. FARNHAM, wo rid -renowned "spirit^
ual medium; advice In all affairs of life, law-
FUits. divorces, deaths; unites the separated;
mining a specialty; cirs. Sun.. Wed., Frl. ev's:
come and be convinced. Permanently located
513 Eddy Ft., bet. Hyde and Larkin; no sign.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, test, business me-
dium and life reader; also medical clairvoy-
ant: treats all diseases at office or by letter;
sittings. $1. 1164 OFarrell St.; take Ellis car.
MRS. GILSON, 614 Jessie, nr. 7th— CircIesTues., '
Thurs., Sun., $ p. m. ; sit. daily, $1; upstairs. |
_ , — — _ — __ : .
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-night, j
305 Larkin St., 10c: come, skeptics.
C. MAYO STEERS, trance medium. 112H Oak i
St.; readings, $1; hours, 9 a. m. to 4 p. m. j
EDW. EARLE. slate writer, removed 300 Ellis, I
cor. Taylor: Sunday night. Pythian Castle. |
MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium,
healer and card reader. 146 Eddy st.
MRS. DR. WEST returned; trance medium and i
magnetic healer. t«06 Market St.. room 22. ;
MRS. HARRISON— Medium, test, readings; see
her cir. Tues. Thurs., Sun. 858 Mission st.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAIlfster— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer, sittings: convincing frtf to-nleht: 10c. |
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket Et.. corner of Golden Gate ave.. room 15
snd 26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mail. Send stamp for pamph-
let with special terms.
FRANCES LLEWELLYN, inspirational palm- j
ipt. clairvoyant, life reader and business me- j
dium; can be consulted, evenings only, at 601 j
Eddy st., cor. Larkin; sittings $1; houre, 7:30 j
to fl:30 p. m.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 50c,
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit $150. 126 Turk. I
ISMAR. the Egyptian gyps}* clairvoyant and ]
palmiPt, permanently located 114S Market.opp. i
6th; private readings daily, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. I
MME. BERNARD reads life fluenUy; advice j
given in all affairs of life; satisfaction guar- I
or.teed: £5c up. 17 Third ,st.. next Examiner.
MME. RENNER, clairvoyant, palmist, planet
reader. 25c; ladles only; German spoken. 725
Ellis si.
MRS. E. SANDERS. 514 Taylor St.. near Geary
—Clairvoyant, palmist and business medium;
. ladles' circle Thurs., 2 p. m. ; Fri., 8; clr. 25c.
MRS.' CAMERON, clairvoyant, card reader, me.
dium; 25c up. S3 Mission St., nr. 4th; ring bel!. j
MME. HELMI'TH. card reader, astrologist— j
Ladies, 25c; German spoken. 93S Mission st: j
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and |
palmistry; truth or no pay: 25c. 1149 Mission. I
CLAIRVOYANT, mineral psychometrist. palm- I
l5t and card reading. 25c. 1241H Market st. J
MRS. MELVILLE, well-known clairvoyant. wa-
ter reader, moved to 11 Sixth; German spoksn.
MME. HANSON, palmistry car reader; past,
present, future: 25c. 148 Sixth St., room 11.
GYPSY; genuine clairvoyant: located 10 days 114
Turk et. : ladles, 23c; gents. 50c. "Frawley."
MME. ZEREDA. the gypsy. Is the great palm-
ist rnd card reader. 23c. 7 Seventh st.
MME. RUTH, wonderful card clairvoyant, has
returned: fee 25c and 50c. 70S Ellis Et.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader.
fittings dally. 44S-4 Jessie st. I
MRS. E. M. DUVAL. clairvoyant and business !
medium. 215 Kearny st.. rooms S-10. i
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
ndvlr«»: nam«>y given: 25c up. S Fourth st.
CARPRT . I1KATIXG ANI1 CLBAMNG.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'H Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works. 253-257 Tehama St.; tel. South 45.
STANDARD, 313 Guerrero — Curtains and blan-
kets renovated. 25c per pair; carpets cleaned.
3c yd.; laying a specialty. Phone Mission 106.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 6c,
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL, Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vatlr.g Co.. 240 Fourteenth St.; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. Z8-40 8th st. ; tel. South 250.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st. ;
tel Main 334. GEO.' WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIN'G Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Gulden
Cat«» ave.: t«l»-r>Hone East 126.
CIIIItOPODISTS.
BUNIONS, ir.grown nails, corns, absolute cure,
painless: consul'n free. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No~chargTun^
less successful. Room S10. 927 Market st.
DESTISTs!
AT th«"EL"TCT?wb^ENTXL^LrNTcrioTMart
ket Bt., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your, extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
S3 00 up; plates, extractions free, $4 GO up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p.'tn. G. W. WILLIAMSON.M.D., Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fllllngs by my won-
ferful secret, painless method r 20 years' 'ex-
erience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
A NEW plate, the unbreakable Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns and bridge-
work; teeth without a -plate; fillings.. 50c:
crowns, $2 50; plates, full set. $5; all work
rainless and warranted. CHICAGO DENTAL
PARLORS. 24 Sixth st.
MODERN DENTAL PARLORS. 1206 Market <
et. ; expert extracting, crown and bridge v.-ork.
_ A. L. SIMPSON, D. D. 8.
DENTISTS.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market. nrr£leven th
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from M per, set; extracting, 50c; gas given.
"MAIN Office" New York Dental Parlors, 1019
Market at,, bet. Sixth and Seventh; consult
us on crowns and bridges; teeth extracted
positively and absolutely without pain. -
PARIS Dental Parlor, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth. |4; crowns. %i; fllllngs, 25c
VAN VKOOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
da~s. 1001 Market St.. corner Sixth.
BET of teeth without plate. Dr! 5! oT
YOUNG. 1S41 Polk St.
DEPILATORY
O. C. C— A Harmless liquid for permanently
I removing euperfluous hair; will not Irritate,
burn nor poison the most delicate skin-.a^ents
I wanted. Ontario Chem. Co.. ag'cy. 426 Ellis.
PRESS.MAIvEKS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL DressmaklngandMllHnerySohcol;
patterns cut; evening class. 1019 Market st.
ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
j Ing, pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moff att.
DRESSMAKING; reasonable prices; dresses
made over; perfect fit. 3S7 Geary Bt.
ED EC ATI O SA I,.
MONSIEUR and Maikme de Loery. from Paris,
have opened a studio at 742 O'Farrell Bt. for
vole* placing, correct breathing, tone produc-
tion, artistic singing, Italian method, Bololsts
and duetists for concerts and church, on-
torio. opera; also parlor entertalnere.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott Bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert P.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand: reportorial phrasing taught; prao-
tlcal bookkeeping; full course, $50; catalogue.
KEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post St..
S. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
—id night sessions; new SO- page catalogue free. |
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
A"i RES' Business College, 723 Market St.: day 1
and evening; ! individual Instruction. $3 per
month; life scholarship, $50; bookkeeping,
Ehorthand, telegraphy, etc.; catalogue free.
MADEMOISELLE HELEN CLARKE, pupil
of Genevieve Stebbins and Herr Bandman.
coaches pupils for the 'stage, teaches Oelsarte
and society training. 4C8 Golden Gate ave.
ATTENTION!— Tarr's pupils thorough In book-
keeplng; rapid calculating; short time: col-
lege graduates perfected; expert accounting.
220 Parrot building. . M>-»;-
MISS M. G. BARRETT. Shorthand Academy;
lessons by mail; acknowledged by official re-
porters best teacher, best system. 302 Montgy.
ALL students but two taking full cours- this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE, 1236 Market St. .
ENGINEERING, civil, elec, mining, mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch. ; day, eve. : est. 1S64.
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
1'IANO; history of music; German; French; $3
per month. Y. M. C. A. bdg., fifth floor.
MUNSON. School Shorthand. Typing. Bookkeep-
Ing, Spanish. 137 Mont'y. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
MR. and MRS. D. MANSFIELD, music studio,
violin, guitar, mandolin, banjo. 1S36 Eddy st.
I ILLUSTRATION-PARTINGTON'S DAY and
I ILLUSTRATION— Night class. 424 Pine st
I ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc., day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
E3JPLOY31EXT OFFICES.
j A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; estab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
I 421 Post st.. near Powell; telephone Bush 135.
JAPANESE responsible housecleanlng co. ; est.
1 1S70: practical recommend: try them; removed
' to 419 Devipadero; tel. Fell 136. F. HAMAD.
JAPANESE and Chinese employment office;
best help. 526 O'Farrell St.; tel. Hyde 2191.
ABC EMPLOYMENT Office; Chinese, Japan-
ese help fur. 544 California; phone James 2601.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 518S.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. office— Best help
furn.; domestic gerv. 417 Powell: tel. Bush 376.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Best help. 411»j O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMEKT WASTED — S42MAL1S.
POSITION wanted by a deserving woman with
baby 6 months old; would like to go into the
country: Is willing to do anything If only!
given the opportunity. Address box 604, Call.
1OUNG lady, thorough musician, wishes a
situation in refined family to give dally piano
instruction for board and room; owns piano.
Box 451, Call office.
RESPECTABLE woman needs work very bad;
willing and strong* will assist In cooking;
good sweeper nml xjtood dishwasher. 145V4
Fifth St.. room 6.
ARTISTIC dressmaker would like engagements
by the day; U 50; will take work home; per-
fect fit guaranteed. Address FURRIER, 23S
Ellis st. •
A WOMAN with a child three years old would
like to do assisting housework for small
N wages. Address L. M.,box 640, Call office.
WOMAN with a child 3 years old would like
to assist In housework for small wages. Ad-
dress L. M., Pearl st. ¦
YOUNG lady desires a position as a clerk in a
bakery or dry goods store; has had some ex-
perience. Address 1344 Alabama st.
WOMAN wishes to assist In cooking and
housework. Please call at 409 Minna St., near
Fifth.
A COMPETENT woman. Is a fine cook, work
for steady home and small wages in city or
country. 120 Fourth st., room 22.
NICE woman, good cook, desires position
where there will be no women to Interfere;
good references. &30 Gough Et.
A WOMAN wants work by the day; under-
stands cooking and general housework. A.
B.. box 638. Call office.
PROTESTANT woman wishes situation to as-
sist in housework; reference. Box 637, Call.
WANTED— Position by competent cook; no
outside work; also chamberwork. Box 456,
Call office.
RESPECTABLE young woman wishes any •
kind of work by the day or hour. Address
1C9 Seventh st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman desires a position as
housekeeper; good . references. Address box
620, Call.
WANTED— Work by the^ day by reliable
woman; $1 10 a day. 1431 Polk st.
COMPETENT piano teacher would like a few
more pupils. Address box 473, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS colored cook wishes .situation
in city; meat and pastry; best Eastern refer-
ences. MRS. MURRAY. 1006 Clay st.
2 SWEDE girls wish general housework. 1103
De Haro st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 BO night. $1 50 to SO
week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and frcm ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1O'.<6
Valencia Ft.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 220S Flllmora st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— .MAL.K.
EXPERT machinery salesman wishes position;
well acquainted on Pacific Coast; thoroughly
familiar with steam and gasoline engines;
compre*&ed air for pumping and ice and re-
frigerating machinery; best of references.
Box C31, Call office.
POSITION wanted as cashier or checker in
cafe or hotel-restaurant by single,' sober, mid-
dle-aged man; long experience; good - ref er-
ences. Address box 632, Call office.
BEDMAKER, also experienced day and night
clerk and porter, would like position In hotel,
lodging or rooming-house, or as Janitor. Box
635. Call office.
SOBER young man wants situation as seeond
barkeeper; speaks English and German; first-
clues references. Address A. K., 435 Pine et.
AS barkeeper by- a respectable single middle-
aged man; speaks German; good recommenda-
tion. K. G., 331 Kearny st., room 34.-
A YOUNG man, 20, speaks French, English and '
German. wiEhes situation of any kind- under-
stands bakery business.' 316 Davis st.'
BATtBER wants place In country; flrst-clas»
workman. Address O. S.. 345 Pierce st.
A YOUNG man, 21, speaks English and Ger- '
man, wishes situation of any kind. 316 Davis. '
I WILL pay $25 to any one who procures for
me a situation as assistant bookkeeper, col- '
lector, Jar.ltor or night or day watchman: by
a middle-aged German with good references
Address box 611. Call office. ,- *
WANTED— A position as cashier for a travel- '
ing theatrical company by a man with $100-
can furnish good references. Address box '
614, Call office. * ...
BARBER— Young man. 15. first-class workman ',
desires steady situation, city or country!
where sen-ices will be thoroughly appreclat. .
«d. Addresa Box 455. Call. v:
CARPENTER and cabinet-maker; single man: .
looks for steady position; Pullman P. Car Co 3
ref. Adr. H. G., Sao Rafael, P. ¦ O. box 377.
MILKERS, separators • and first-class cheese
and butter makers want work; city or coun-
try. Milkers" Union or California, 526 Mont-
gomery St.
AN experienced druggist (German) wishes a po-
Bltlon. 'Address box 2055. Call office. Oakland.,
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch of flee. 2200 FUImore it.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1O9«
Valencia st. . -
TO LET. ™
100 HOUSES AND FLATS TO RENT. SPECK
* CO.. 667 MARKET ST.
1308 Golden Gate, u. 1913 Devisadero. u. I
.*•• * r ...$50 f.. 7 r *21
"ISOFarrell, I.r.,7r.$35 1408 Pacific, ut, 5r.$16
15 6° Ifell. u. f.. 8 r..$35 1G?6 Pag«, u. f.. 3 r..$15
192 Tremont ave., u. 331 Eddy, m. f.,-4 r.|20
f.. 7 r. $2S
Flats wanted to rent; guarantee 5 days.
COZY three-room flat; 26 Reed'st.; rent $10.
Apply 1325 Washington st; near Jones.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOW ELL. 10 Montgomery.
NICE, sunny flat, 5 rooms and bath, 18 Wash-
lngton ave.. off Mission, bet. 9th and 10th.
THREE sunny rooms to let at 341 Tehama
street.
$7— 4-ROOM flats on Victor St.. oft Bryant, bet.
7th und Sth. Inquire at grocery. 941 Bryant.
$25— BAY-WINDOW; newly renovated: modern;
7-room; bath. 1625 Clay St., near Polk.
.. FURNITURE KUU SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak |48 BO. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
ELEGANT quarter-sawed oak bedroom suite
to prlvata party; bargain. Box 1792. Call.
FOBXITIRIS AVASTE0.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture. carp«ta,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market st. ; tel. Jessie 761.
TO receive highest value for furn.. carpets, etc..
see W. E. CODY, 757 Mission, tel. Red 8353.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission it.. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent. 1S05 Larkln; tel. Polk 691.
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
HELP WAOTED-FEJIALE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO PHONE GRANT 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head waitress, commercial hotel, $30; 2 wait-
resses, Carson City, Nev., $20, free fare; 6
waitresses, different country hotels, $20; 5
waitresses, city, $20; chambermaid to •wait,
Madera. $20, fare paid; 2 restaurant wait-
resses, to work from 5 to 12 p. m.. $25 month:
cook, small restaurant, country, $25 and
found, see party here; cashier, $23.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Housegirls, Oakland, Antloch, Slsklyou Co..
Truckee. Nevada, $20, $25; Swedish or German
housegirl, Sonora. $30. 2 In lamily. see party
here; second girl. Berkeley, $20; second girl,
city, $20; many others.
C. R. HANSEX & CO., 104 Geary st.
NURSEGIRL with good references; on» who
desires good, steady place. C. It. HANSEN
& CO.. 104 Geary st. ¦
WAITRESS, $25; second girl, $25; 4 cooks, $30
each: nurseglrl. $20; two housegirls, $30 each.
Apply MRS. NORTON. 313 gutter St.
WANTED — Girl; general housework and cook-
ing; German preferred; 3 In family. 1715
' Buchanan st. '-**"¦
A LADY of indomitable energy, possessed of
self-assertion; (rood opportunity to right par-
ty. F. PERSON, room 412, Parrott building.
GIRL for cooking a •d light housework; small
family; $15. 2300 Leavenworth St.. cor Lom-
bard.
WANTED — Young woman for housework;
wages J20. Call between 9 and 13, 2023 Pa-
cific ave.
WANTED— Woman of middle age, with refer-
ence, at> working housekeeper. Address box
648, Call office.
WANTED— Good cloak and suit hands at E.
MESSAGER'S. 145 Post st.
GOOD workers on cotton waists; best wages
In town. 21 Sansome st. .
WANTED- Girl 15 or 16 years to do housework;
sleep; at home. 110S Fell st.
GIRL for general housework, assist in cook-
ing: wages $25; call mornings. 2725 Pacific ave.
GIRL to assist with housework; sleep home;
no Sunday work. 1157 Valencia st.
GOOD coat finisher wanted at 24 Hayes St.,
near Market.
GIRL for general housework; 3 In family;
wages $20. Apply 2613 Union st.
GIRL for general housework, plain cooking;
small family, 305 Scott St.
WANTED — Girl, general housework, cooking;
wages $15. 1215% Golden • Gate ave. >
AN experienced waitress. Restaurant, 233 Sixth
street. .
WANTED— Cashier at 207 Third st
GIRL care of 2 children; must live at home;
wages $12. Apply 300 Baker St.
WOMAN or girl for general housework at 1304
Post st.
GQOT> tailoress wanted. 2197 Powell st.
WHOLESALE house desires the services of a
woman not under 25, who is accurate- and
trustworthy; no bookkeeping or stenography.
Box 472. Call office. • .
WANTED— A Young girl to assist in light
housework; call In morning. 726 Golden Gate
avenue.
OPERATORS on shirts; best pay. BRENNER,
ULMAN CO., 19 Battery st.
WANTED— Operators on "ladles' wrappers and
waists to work In factory: also take work
home; good pay; steady work. . MARKS
BROS.. 1212 Market Kt.
TALENTED amateur performers wanted. Call
at Chutes at 6 p. m.
WANTED — First-clasd finisher on custom
coats. 916 Market St.. Columbia bldg., rm. 82.
GOOD plain cook to assist In housework; ref-
erences; wages $20. 425 Devisadero st.
TWENTY girls to shell nuts. Apply 123 Clay
St., ujistalrs, between 8 and 10.
A GIRL to assist In operating and also ap-
prentice girls on coats. 126 *Russ St.
GOOD girl wanted to assist in general house-
work. 731 Green St., near Mason.
FINISHERS on vests; steady work; good pay.
BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. 541 Market St.
UIRLS lor housework; good pay. Pacific Em-
ployment Agency, 9 Geary: ph. Black 3719.
EXPERIENCED bookfolders and apprentices
wanted. Bookblndery. 538 Clay st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
- subscriptions has been established at 10s*
Valencia st. ¦¦
HELP WANTED-MALB.
A— MURRAY & RE ADyTT?.". . Phone ~MaTn~584S
.. .Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
......WANT. 7 A. M. TO-DAY
Coal miners for Oregon.. .......Fare paid
Carriage painter.... ..Concrete finisher
20 teamsters, farm hands and pruners
. $26 and $30 and found
Farmers and .wives $40 and found
Boys for factories : Choremen
WOODCHOPPERS........ ..TIEMAKERS
150 woodchoppera, all parts of California, $1
to (3 per cord, on some places ; tools, pro-
visions and cabins furnished; tlemakers, 9c
to 12c, tools . furnished...... ........;...'.......%
HOTEL AND OTHER DEPTS
10 cooks, city and country, $30 to $45 and
found; delicatessen man; waiters, city and
country;- laundry man. -elevator: boy, etc.;....
MURRAY ¦& READY, 634-636 Clay st
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO'S........104 Geary st
HOTEL DEPARTMENT....:.. .
Baker and pastry cook, country hotel, $75;
second cook, country, hotel, $60;' broiler, coun-
try hotel, $50; fry cook, restaurant, $40 to
$45; 2 porters, country hotel, $20; porter for
store. $30. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
A — SO WOODCHOPPERS for Santa Cruz Co.,
good wood, good ground, 80c to $1 £0 a cord;
gardener, private place, $30, see party here.
: C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
A— CARPENTERS, 6 cabinetmakers, 1 bench
hand. 1 sticker hand. ' Mechanics' Registra-
tion - Bureau, 410 ¦¦¦ Kearny st., room 9; non-
union bricklayers and other, mechanics please
register; new Jobs daily; no office fees.
BARBERS' Progressive Union — Free employe
merit. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1SV
YOUNG man to drive milk wagon; call bet. 9
and 12. J AS. KENNY, Sliver ave., near Mis-
sion road. ;
GENTLEMAN of Indomitable energy and
push ; good opportunity to right man. F.
PERSON, room 412. Parrott building.
WANTED— 2 tailors, a coatmaker and a pants-
maker; steady work. Address w . ¦ H
WALKER. Bakcrsfleld. Cat. : ¦
A— BRIGHT man for detective work; acquaint-
ed In city; German preferred. 1 - Box 650,' Call.
WANTED— A good bushelman; steady position
RAPHAEL'S. , :¦ ¦-
COATMAKER wanted at ; 24 Hayes st, near
Market. .
A COATMAKER wanted to work inside. 935
•Market St., room 15..
LUNCH -j waiter -wanted; apply 'immediately.
Troy.Hotel, 606 Twentieth st, Potrero.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
"WANTED— Recruits for the Marine Corps. TJ.
8. Navy, able bodied unmarried men of good
. character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet ( inches and not over 6 feet
1 Inch In height; able to read, write and
speak English. For further Information ap-
ply at the . Marine Recruiting: Office. 40 Ellis
' street. San Francisco, Cal.
GOOD cook wanted; no Sunday work; call
early. 39 Market st.
OTSTKK man. 212 O'Farrell at.
WANTED— Porter for saloon. Apply 618 Clay
st, 8 a. m.
DISHWASHER wanted at the Magnolia Cafe.
4 East at. " ¦
WANTED— Elderly man to do chores. Apply
1012 Battery st.
"WANTED— Bootblack: steady Job; good wages
and found. 1048 McAllister st.
BOY wanted for driving baker wagon and make
himself useful. J. G. BUSS, Mill Valley.
WANTED— Cook. 1024 Hyde at. '
WANTED — Errand boy. Apply 532 Commercial
Btreet.
PORTER wanted at £07 fraguna at.
GET your shoes hair-soled while waiting: 25-3
to 50o. 562 Mission st., bet. 1st and 2d eta.
WANTED— A place to stop for the winter— This
can be found at the Adams House, 519 Sacra-
mento st., near" Montgomery; one of the few
respectable houses where countrymen coming
to the city can find nice, clean, cheap, well-
ventllated rooms. A. McCREERY. Prop.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, - still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only eight
weeks required; position guaranteed; special
Inducements; catalogue and map of city free.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 6S5 Clay st.
"PENSIONS— J. H. Shepard & Co.. old. reliable
firm, S06 Market, room 40, Phelan building;
pension vouchers exeouted, 25o; advice free.
BARBER shop; 3 chairs; good steady trade; old
¦tand in the Mission : can be bought for J250.
BTOLTZ. 636 Market St.
A FIRST-CLASS coaf maker wanted. 623
Montgomery st.
TALENTED amateur performers wanted. Call
at Chutes at 8 p. m.
BARBERS — 15c and 25c one-chair shop for sale.
DECKELMAN BROS.. 106 Ellis St.
YOUNG man to learn the barber trade; terms
reasonable. 721 O'Farrell st. -
GOOD ladles' tailor. J. McCLENEGAN, 632
Fourteenth St., Oakland. ¦
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 662 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts..
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart.
3 CHAIR city shop; lst-class furniture; sick-
ness; come quick. Deckclman Bros., 106 Ellis.
BOY wanted; 16 to 13 years old. WIENER &
MERZBACH. 105 Sansome st.
WANTED— Good man or woman to sell oil
stock. E. J. LUNDIN, 935 Market st.
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms, 10c. 15o and
20c. Boston House, 930 Howard st.
TOUNG man to do janitor work for his tuition
at S. F. Barber School, 741A Howard st.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order, $1 per week, at
cash prices. N. T. Tailoring Co.. 115 Kearny.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night; reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia »t. * .
HORSES. LIVE STUCK. Etc — For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth st. ; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
HORSE clipping by experienced men; best work;
cheap prices. DALZIEL. 605 Golden Gate ave.
HOUSES TO LET.
A^PmvrE^rLTsTirlousel^^
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 1* Montgomery.
BUSH, 1224 — Sunny house of 8 rooms and bath;
rent $37 50, water free.
NEATLY furnished house to let; rent cheap.
Apply at 666 Mission st. .
HYPNOTISM.
PROF. RAYMOND— Strictly reliable: teaches
hypnotism In five lessons for $5. 997 Market st.
INVALID CHAIRS A>il> TRICYCLES.
A FINE Invalid's rolling chair; bicycle wheels,
wlckerware i basket body; can b« seen at
Morig's Yosemlte bicycle factory, 1522 Mar-
ket St.; made to order; nearly new. ¦
SOLD and rented; nianfr. of the Eames tricycle
chair. EAMES Tricycle Co.. 2100 Market st.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST — A passbook with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, In' the
name of SAMUEL REDMOND, No. 228-1247.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— Nov. 21, marten fur cape on the 5:30
broad gauge train, Oakland. Finder please
return to 130 Ellis 6t., room 91, and receive
reward. - .
LOST — Pension certificate and . voucher No.
1,139,729. Finder will please return to 522 Na-
toma St.; no value but to owner.
LOST — Lemon and white pointer; collar marked
JNO. B. COLEMAN. Return 730 Fillmore
: 8t. and receive reward.
LOST— Silk umbrella with gun metal handle,
gold ring and initials E. H. on handle. *10
reward If returned to E. HAQUETTE. 18
Post Et., Palace of Art.
LADIES' stick pin: originally 7 pearls; one
missing; lost on Market St.. Saturday evening.
Kindly return to H. E. McC, Call office.
LOST — Red cow, small. Ocean View, Saturday;
reward. Return to 6036 Mission road. '•
LOST— Brown water spaniel. Return TOM
FOO. 113 Prospect place; reward.
LOST— A white brindled greyhound pup; re-
ward. 593 San Bruno ave.
FOUND— Purse containing a small sum money;
describe accurately. Address box 634. Call.
MEDICAL.
DR. AND MRS. DA VIES. 1228 Market— Ladies'
specialists; 82 years' practice: have treated
thousands of cases successfully; positive cure
guaranteed at office; ladles treated can return
home same day; HINDOO HERB home cure,
any one can use it with satisfaction; perfect-
ly harmless. Send f tamps for circular.
MRS. DR. WYETH, reliable specialist; 25 yrs.'
successful practice; guaranteed treatment at
office, $5; any ailment; home for patients; con-
sult free. 942 Post St.. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 997 MARKET ST.. corner
Sixth— Safe and reliable, ladles' physician;
treatment. $5; positive cure guaranteed: when
others fall consult, free, MRS. DR. KOHL.
DRS. GOODWIN. 1007% Market, expert on dis-
eases of women; 15 years' • practice in S. F., a
cure guaranteed; $6 at office; have cured thou-
sand? of cases; unexcelled success; see free.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1033 Market— Ladies' spe-
ciallst: cafe and sure cure, $5; best care; low
' fees; when all others fall consult free.
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist, 111S Market st.
MRS. DR. GWTER. ladles' specialist; , home
for patients. 504 Eddy. st.
DR. POPPER'S treatment can be had /or the
cure in his office at $3. 323 Kearny ft.
DR. NO TOY KEE cures disease by herbs;
advice free. 704 Sacramento St.. near. Kearny.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SAXB.
BOILERS. Engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont St.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second-hand; we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
82 complete outfits on one floor, ready made;
wo ca'n ship • everything in 24 hours. . J.
NOON AN, 1017, 1019, 1021. 1023 Mission St.,
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
BUY a brand new typewriter for (5 down and
{5 per month; write for catalogue and price.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 409 California
St.; rentals, new machines, $3 per month.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear ; machinery, en
glnes. boiler*. ; water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear St.
FOR sale — Complete outfit for Job printing of-
fice, press, - new type, stone, etc., etc Ad-
dress box G3S. Call office.
A— 100-HORSEPOWER engine, boiler. . two-drill
air compressors, JARDIXE'S,' 220 Fremont st.
40 H.' P. COMPOUND steam engine, complete
/cheap. H. S. WHITE. 514-516-513 Mission st!
LADY must ' have ¦ money; will sell her dia-
- monds cheap. Box 635. Call of flee. . ;-¦
DRY pine lumber and blocks for wood. Foot of
: Baker st, -Harbor View. -
500 OLD coins for /sale from the year 1700 M
LYMAN', 1122 Market St. ¦
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and wood
planers, lathes; 2d-hand.'J. Burke, 139 Beale.
"NEWFOUNDLAND pup. cheap. 217 Teha-
ma : st. ~ ... ;. , ¦ ' _ ; .'
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and Bold. KROGH Mfg.* Co.
MISCE1AAHKOUS — FOR SAJLB.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern good*
bought, aold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery st.
10-TON Fairbanks scale and fir« and burglar
proof safe. 216 California Bt
•WILL rent full-dress Tuxedo or PrlncB Albert
suits for »2 50. Portland Loan Offlco. 25 Btktn.
8AFES-New and eecond-hand. THE HER-
MANN 3AFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento at.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand: moving
pictures. BULLARP & BRECK. 131 Post at.
SAFES— New and second-hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market st. San Fran.
MISCELLAXEOyS WAXTS. "
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bought &
sold. SUverman. 93t Folsom; tel. Folsom U91.
KLEIN still pays best price for clothing, bric-
a-brac and books. 109 Sixth st. : tel. Jessie 14L
"WANTED— Upright piano " for cash. H. L.
WHITEHEAD. 1710 Market »t. _^^_^___
j MONEY TO ;JLOAX.
ANT, amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security: payable
back In Installments or as a whole; if you
owe a balance on the purchase price we win
pay It and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity: see us
first: you will be waited upon quietly and
quickly. Call 6S-69 Donohw bldg.. 11T0 Market.
AA— BEST rates and easiest terms.
Second Mortgages
Interest In Estates
Undivided Interest in Real- Estate
Financial problems of all sorts and sizes
solved by HERMAN MURPHY. 630 Market.
A— MONET to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc: do
not borrow of your friends or you will lose
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10, 906 Market at.
ANT amount at 6 per cent; 1st, 2d and Id mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, r. 8.
ANT proportion, any amount; 8 per cent: first,
second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages, life Insurance. Room 16. first floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable, private placa to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-'
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846 Market
st. ; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third St.
A— $300,000 on city and country real estate and
estates; chattel mortgages; notes and collat-
erals. J. BROWNSTONE. 11 Montgomery st.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANT amount, lowest rates, on furniture, etc.;
no removal, no commission; strictly confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
CASH loaned on salaries. New York plan.
THE TOUSLEY CO.. 321 Parrott bldg.
8% on furniture and pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no commission; private. Room 81, 6 Eddy st.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
LOANS, 1st or 2d mtgs; city, country: 6% undl-
vlded lnts; estates. HARPER. 397 Parrott bid.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan- Co... 366 Parrott build-
ing; men can secure loans on personal note.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. Home Bldg. Co.. 22 Sansome. rm 2.
MONEY to loan on furniture by private party;
low rate. 917 Market St.. room L
¦ON furniture and pianos; no removal; confiden-
tial; on diamonds, etc. 33 Taylor st.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral or iri-
dorser. S. F. Discount Agency, 143 Fhelan bid.
MUSICAL USTHl'MESTS. ~
ANY person having use for a piano can be ac-
commodated . at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s with
easiest payments, lowest prices and most re-
liable makers to choose from. Each the best
of their grade, from Steinway down. Priv-
, liege given to • exchange medium and low-
-priced pianos for a new Steinway any time
within three years from date of purchase.
Beautiful new uprights sold for $? cash and
|6 per month. We offer to sell some good
pianos for J3, $4 and J5 per month. SHER-
MAN, CLAY & CO., sitelnway dealers, cor-
ner Kearny and Sutter sts., San Francisco,
corner Broadway and Thirteenth st.. Oak-
land.
ABSOLUTELY the largest exclusive wholesale
and retail piano house west of Chicago;
agent peerless Heine and Hallet & Davis,
Boston's oldest And most famous piano, and
ten other makes; pianos rented; rent allowed
on purchase.
3 Heine uprights ..................$327
1 Mason & Hainlln goo
5 Stelnways 195
1 Chlckering 165
1 Marshall & Wendell 63
1 Emerson 35
HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary st; open
evenings. _ . • ¦
INTENDING purchasers of pianos will «ave
money by examining the beautiful new styles
which we shall receive within the next few
days; they are the very latest in everything
and will be offered exceedingly low. MAU-
VAIS MUSIC COMPANY. 763 Market st.
THE names of pianos that you ought to select
from for your holiday present are Decker &
Son. Packard, Baumelster, Straube. Gilmore
and Arlington. The instruments are bound
to suit and the prices will be made to cor-
respond. We have several good second-hand
bargains. MAUVAIS. 769 Market St.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S. 26.
28 and 30 O'Farreil st.; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
• and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible dona to please and satisfy the
customer. •
FINE list of slightly used pianos 3135 up: easy
payments. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 1« O'Far-
reil St.; Chlckering agency: Symphonloa ma-
lic boxes; sheet music, etc; open Saturday
evenings.
ALMOST new upright Steinway & Sohmer sac-
rificed; great bargains this month. BRUENX.
203 Post st.
FOR sale— Elegant upright piano, 3 pedals,
7 1-3 octave. $150; or rent for $3. 343 Kearny.
HIGH-GRADE S- pedal upright piano: must be
sacrificed, leaving city. 419 Van Ness ave.
HIGH-GRADE pianos; Steck. Hardman. Con-
over & others. W. B. ALLEN & CO., 314 Post.
AT KEEFFE'S. 933 Market St., 4 elegant up-
rights at your own price. Shonlnger agency.
GREAT many bargains in 2nd-hand uprights;
small Installments. Hornung. 216 McAllister.
SOHMER & CO., Byron Mauzy, Gabler. Splel-
mann and Hamilton pianos. 303 Post st.
BEST rent stock in city; new pianos; $3 per
month. SCOTT-CURTAZ. 560 Hayea st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
A cleaning out of pianos for storage; dirt cheap;
Installments. 'WilBon's Storage, 710 Market.
A BARGAIN: must be sold; nice upright piano.
FCHMTTZ. JB MoAlilatfr at., next Hlh. Bank.
OIL. . ~~"
EVERYBODY— Man, woman and child in San
Francisco and Pacific Coast, can afford to
buy oil stock, 1 cent per share, in regular
corporation with proven oil lands; sure In-
vestment: dividends will be paid with first
well ; money be used for development purposes
only; derrick and casing now on ground; will
give free $1000 Insurance policy, good for one
year, with every thousand shares gold; thou-
sand shares, $10; 100 shares $1; only 100 000
shares to be sold.' JUANITA OIL CO 'a00
Montgomery St.. San Fran.; agent wanted.
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ. 330 Pine street.
MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Country <*orr»»pondenc» solicited,
OIL LANDS FOR SALES.
LjSRN River Oil Lands— Proven territory in
the well-known tract of "Grace OllCo;" fo?
sale: also other oil land for sale or lease; most
wonderful oil fleld known; over 630 feet of oil
h«vl : i^. f f 0n i 0 ,? D r 9 and 8ave commission,"
have been in field from start: will give you
AND PENSIONS.
A o™d 'cvTmpbpit 1 *?* ualeM » ucce »«f"i-
II • AMp BELL. Lawyer. Examiner big.
' ' rEKSO.VALS". — —
RA >? c f.n?ets wove to order~alid~for~s«ae : ~alM
chenllle-wove rugs, silk portieres- dialed |2
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates- in
years' experience. J. b/raY^cJ Ml".; "
r^nf^ggggiF^
ers; popular Prices. 742 O-FarreUst tC
A fa? Pri^ffier?^^ h * te ' » "' *W
iw x-nce natters, J30 Kearny st., near Pine.
PERSOXALS.
°^L^ . McC ABE. Importer and dealer In feath-
JlH : f.,?i rtnattrMS and Pillow manufactory;
old feathers renovated and purified; all feath-
ml ?»m warr » nt «*i to be well dressed with
Son 2f Ot } S . Pa r ent steam renovator. J70 Mis-
sion at., tel. Jessie 1114.
"^SPta^ 8 ANX> PII -LOWS-Tel. South 792;
E H5te?**pTi!f ** ln ever * room-Wracheste";
Be to « nw> 8t .-u near Market: 700 rooms;
frte -bni -VV nlght: U M to » P« r week
Tree bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single thrfMiuJw
tUl> 13IIM:il - Stockton »t.. near Broadway.
MASQUERADE costume,, play books, win-
country orders. GOLDSTEIN ft 6q n»^cS*
5^ *•
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna: restores *ray
hair to Its natural color; fi: at all druggets.
PALMISTRY. '
H." JEROJIg FppELLlTTdeTtinc palmist: h$
Taylor gt- bet.Geary and Po«t; teL Black 581.
JIUE. NEERGAARD. 700 Post: tej Ilvda i5?
hours 1 to 5 eve., and Sunday by appointment!
PHYSICIANS AXD SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. CDONNKll^Oiaee and residence
1021 V, Market at. . between Sixth and Seventh!
REAL ESTATE — CITY^-FOIl SALE.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
14 MONTGOMERY STREET.
AUCTION
A U C T I O X
AUCTION
Al'CTIOy
AUCTIOH
AUCTION
At our salesroom. Monday. Uecember 10th. at
12 o'clock noon.
THE TWO FOLLOWING PROPERTIES
MUST BE SOLD
By order of the owner, who ia aa absentee:
Na. 1
S. E. cor. Dupont and Green et s. ; Improve-
ments consist of brick and frame buildings
containing; 6 stores and 10 tenements; rents
I207.o0-Ter month, which can be improved wlta,
little outlay. Lot 6S:9 by 82:8.
j No. >
Margrarette Place, rear 433 Green St.; Im-
provements consist of 2 tenements of 3 rooms
each; rent* $9 per menth: this Includes alley,
way VA feet wide leading: from Green at.
CORNER NEAR FERRY DEPOT
S. E. cor. Drumm and Commercial sts. ; Im-
provements consist of 2 stores and dwelling;
rents low at $85 per month: one block from
Market st. and ferries. Terms cash above
bank mortgage of $12,000.
HOWARD STREET BUSINESS
PROPERTY
1116-1113 Howard st., N\ line, near 7th it-
only one block from new postofflce; Improve-
ments consist of store with 5 rooms and lodg-
ing house of 15 rooms; rents $43 per month.
Lot 25 by 30.
M. B. STURGES ESTATE
Executor's Sale.
1700 Fell St., N. W. cor. Mason ia are.; bay
window residence of 8 rooms and bath: cement
-walk: both streets bltcmlntzed and accepted:
this desirable corner is located ln one of th«
choicest residence districts and overlooks the
Park Panhandle. Lot 23 by 100. Subject to
confirmation by the court.
STOCKTON STREET BUSINESS PROPERTY
SOT Stockton st., "W line, between Sacramento
and Clay sta.; improvements consist of 1-story
frame building; rents $25 per month; this prop-
erty properly improved can be made to yield
handsomely. Lot 40 by 133:6. Irregular, to
Prospect Place.
FORECLOSURE SALES.
No. 1
Folsom st., E. line, near 21st; 2 choice build-
Ing lots, level and ready for building: street
bitumlnlzed and accepted. Lots 23 by 33 each.
No. 2
2457 Folsom st.. E. line, near 21st st.; Im-
provements consist of stable, with fiat above
of 6 rooms and bath; street bituminlzed and
accepted. ¦ Lot 25 by 95.
CLEMENTINA STREET INVESTMENT
Partition Sale.
446-445% Clementina St., N. line, between itfx
and 6th ets. ; improvements consist of store and
3 rooms, with 2 tenements of 4 rooms 'each;
rents $34 per month. Lot 20 by 70.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE LOT.
Golden Gate ave.. N. line, near Central ave.:
choice building lot 23 by 100.
NORA BEDELL ESTATE
Executrix Sale. ... V
270-272 Lexington ave.. "W. line, near 20th st.;
2 bay window fiats of 4 and 5 rooms and bath
each: rents $23 per month. Lot 25 by 80. Sub-
ject to confirmation by the court.
JONES STREET INVESTMENT.
1513-1513H Jones st.. W. line, near Pacific; 2
flats of 7 and 5 rooms each; rents $31 per
month; lot 20 by 52:4.
For further particulars apply to our ofQce.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
14 Montgomery st.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
CAN YOU SPARE $5 OR GO A MONTH?
SELECT A GOOD LOT FROM US AT A
;;i> ;; BARGAIN.
$C0O to $800— Incomparable Sunset lots; eroded.
$600 to $S50— Choicest Richmond lota: $13
monthly.
$73 to $300— Ocean Boulevard lots: $5 monthly.
$100 to $150— Level lots near Mission electxio
cars: $5 monthly.
$500 to $1000— Splendid cottages near cars- In-
stallments like rent.
Branch office. Ninth ave.. near H st. Open
every day and Sunday.
SOL GETZ & "BROTHER.
ROOM 54. CHRONICLE BUILDING.
OWNERS of property in the Potrero that wish,
to sell, call on W. J. GUNN. 530 California,
street. S. F. Savir.es Union building.
IF you have property north of the Park an*
you wish to sell quickly, then call on W S
CUNN. EM California st. - "
itODERN houses built; lowest prices; plans an4
estimates furnlghe.1. Campbell. 1147 Mission.
R^EALJESTATE COU.NTRY For Sal*
A CHEAP llttle^^S~^f~3Tacre»T^iear~raiiI
roed town, Alameda County; house, barn
poultry houses, plenty of good water. Get
particulars of this. H. H. CRANE. 508 Calif.
CHEAP little home In town. Alameda County
extensive poultry houses and yards: house for
10C0 pigeopa; real estate, personal property:
all for $7*0. Call SC3 California St.. room t.
ACCURATE knowledge, each of the 3000 ranch-
es on my sale and exchange list— more than
V ?} h^ a 5 ents ln clty: 9tate what's wanted.
N. D. SICKELS. the Land Agent. 6 Geary »t.
FOR sale— In Santa Clara Valley. 13 acres
c .., o i c * strawberry land, with flowing well.
Address box 5. Lcs Gatos. Cal.
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market it., sells and
exchanges farms, city property: printed Hsta.
REAL ESTATE TO E.\CH.V\UE.
NEW cottaco. 6 rms.. bath; lot 50x100: Mission:
rental terms: and vacant lots. 413 Kearny »t.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1113 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$150 CASH. $6 50 monthly— New 3- room cottajo,
7-foot basement: flna large lot 256 feet deep;
price all told $650.
$7 SO cash. $4 50 monthly—?; acre excellent
land for $150.
$15 cash. $6 50 monthly— H acre Al land. $323.
$22 50 cash. $3 monthly— % aero superb land
for $350.
$25 cash. $11 monthly— 1 acre (more can b»
had) for J47*
Adjoining East Oakland; climate soil aad
view the very best; away from fogs and raw
winds; near electric car Una and wide boule-
vard Call or send for circular, 455 Seventh
it., Oakland; carriage free. H. z. JONES.
Owner.
FL -£°£ XT !<>»» «acrtflced. $1300; cost $3000; 11»X
250; fronts Prultvale ave. S0O— Coot tSOO: 50x
liO: adjoins FTUltvale ave. LAYMANCH
REAL. ESTATE CO., 46O-4C gth st, Oakland.
PAYING chicken business; chance for a juiclc
sale. E. E. BUXCE. 952 Broadway. Oakland.
oakla.no hol'!si:s to lkt.
G 2£ D house3 - G »t »st from OEO. W. AU3- .
TIN & CO.. lnoa Broadway. Oakland. ~H
OAKLAND FUR.MTCRB FOR" SALB.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, th«
inralturs dealer, 11th and Franklin. Oakland,AMERICAN SHIP ALEX GIBSON IN A GALE. ONE OF THE CREW
FELL FROM THE MIZZEN TOPSAIL YARD AND. ALTHOUGH A
LIFE LINE REACHED HIM, HE COULD NOT HOLD ON. *
. \
THURSDAT. DECEMBER 6.
Murphy Lodged in Jail.
John Murphy, the man who was shot
by Herman Bishop a few nights ago, and
who escaped from the City and County
Hospital, where he was being treated,
was found at Third and Clara streets last
night and placed under arrest.. He will
be held in the City Prison until after the
trial of his assailant.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic 8urrey—
Tiroes and Heights ot High and Low
"Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by offlclal au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— Tbe high and low waters occur at tne
city front (Mission-street wharf) about twenty
five minutes later than at Fort Point; the
height of tide la the same at both places.
Sun rises 7:11
Sun sets J:01
Moon rises (full) 0:00 p. m.
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order cf occurrence • as to time of
day, the third time column gives the last
tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
Riven are In addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height. an<t
then the number given is subtracted from the
depth given by the charts. The plane of refer
ence Is the mean of the lower low waters.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrcgrraphlc Oftice. V. S. N 1 .. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco. Cat..
December 4. 1900.
The time ball on the tower of tha new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. e.. at noon of the 130th meridian, or at t
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
CO. CALKIJfS.
Lieutenant Commander, IT. S. X., In charge.
"THE FORTUNE-TELLER"
IS DOING NICELY
Miss Nielsen Finely Supported — "A
Alhambra.
Hot Old Time" Crowding the
"The Fortune Teller." with charming
Alice Nielsen and an all-star cast, la do-
Ing excellent business this week at th©
Columbia Theater. It is the first presenta
tion of this successful comic opera here,
and with the reappearance as a star of the
popular little Californian piima donna has
caused much enthusiasm on the part of
the large audiences attracted by the pro
gramme. Miss Nielsen Is excellently sup
ported and the show is vastly cheap at the
price.
The Tivoll has a good drawing card In
"The Jolly Musketeer," which is now In
its third week at the popular house, and
could probably run for many more weeks,
but must shortly make way for a splendid
Christmas production of "Cinderella."
Of "Madame Butterfly." now playing at
the Alcazar Theater. Alan Dale, the cele
brated New Tork critic, says: *' 'Madams
Butterfly' Is a gem. and I advise every
body to go and see It. Those who miss it
are depriving themselves of a great
treat." The play has created the right
kind of sensation, and as given at the Al
cazar Is thoroughly pleasing.
The Grand Opera-house presents the
Oliver-Leslie Company this week In "The-
Prisoner of Zenda." given here for th»
first time at popular prices. The play has
made a hit.
Haverly's Mastodon Minstrels are still
amusing large audiences at the California.
Theater. .The last matinee will be given
on Saturday, and on Sunday afternoon "A
Bell Boy," the latest Eastern farco
comedy success, will begin a week's en
gagement. The company includes many
well known singers:, dancers and comedi
ans and a lot of pretty girls.
The Rays, in "A Hot Old Time," ara
crowding the Alhambra Theater nightly.
The farce Is brought up to date, with new
specialties, songs and dances, and is more
amusing than ever.
Patrice. "The Girl In the Moon." Rob- *
ertus and Wllfredo. the Pantaer trio. May
de Sousa, and A. M. Powers, are enter
taining the Orpheum's crowded houses
this week.
"The Green-Eyed Monster." presented
by Coghill and Cooper's comedians. Is
crowding Fischer's this week. The comedy
is full, of fun and the musical numbers
and specialties are fresh and fetching. ,
The Chutes and Zoo will have to-night
a greased pole climbing contest and
the usual amateurs' programme of
specialties.
The dramatic recital of Mrs. . Louise-
Humphrey-Smith, which was postponed
from November 16 and set for this even-
Ing at Century Hall, has again been post
poned on account of the reciter's con
tinued Indisposition. A date after the holi
days will be set and due notice flven
later. The subject of the recital, "Pao5i>
and Francesca." has created much at
tention among literary people.
I The new steamer Hanalle for, the Infcer-
Island Steamship Company of Hawaii
will be launched s from Hay - & Wright's
yards next ¦ Saturday. ¦ One; of the Miss
Godfreys of Honolulu will do the christen
ing and the event will take place on the
arrival of the train that leaves San Fran
cisco a f. 11:45 a; m.: That particular train
will stop at Hay & -Wright's yards. The
Hanalle Is 172 feet long, 36 feet beam and
14 feet deep.' will run In the Inter
island trade and will add one more to the
fleet of - vessels that was built In Call-
Chief Engineer G. A. Kalb of the trans
port Logan retires # from the service after
all. It - was assorted that he was going
to the Thomas, but Chief . Engineer Jen
nings of the Slocum has now been ordered
to the Logan and Mr. Kalb is going East.
Chief Rose will remain on the Thomas.
Water Front Notes.
There was . a short and .unimportant
meeting of the Harbor Commission yes
terday. After the board adjourned the
members went In a body to the reception,
on the new steamer Sierra and spent an
hour looking over that handsome vessel.
Balfour, Guthrle & Co. asked for one
of the new wharves to be erected be
tween Union and Lombard streets. The
matter was taken under advisement.
The Pacific Steam Navigation Company
asked for berths for Its vessels. The
concern expects to ; start opposition to
the Pacific Mail at once and expects its
first boat here on December 26. The
Commissioners told the representative of
the company that wharf room would be
provided for its boat as soon as they
made port. ¦)
The Pullman Company was - given two
rooms opening: into .the- grand nave at a
rental of JSO per month. - .¦•;".¦:
Harbor Commissioners Meet.
Garth Wick, steward's st<}rekeeper on
the United States transport Thomas, is
In a very bad box. He Is accused of
smuggling whisky aboard the vessel and
selling it to the -soldiers. Liquor for
which he paid 60 cents a bottle he charged
$2 and during the past few months has
been acquiring a bank account. He is
now locked up in the ship's brig, how
ever, and it will probably take all his
money to , pay attorneys.
Wick's scheme was discovered by acci
dent. Over the lower storeroom Is a
prison and In this twenty-four men were
confined when the Thomas left Manila.
A small trap door leads Into the store
room and this Is secured with a padlock,
the only key to which was kept by Wick.
One of the prisoners spent three clays
working with a piece of wire and finally
picked the lock. The whisky was brought
to light and four hours later there was
not a sober prisoner in the "brig." Then
there were free fights galore and when
the guard was called in one of the drunks
ran against a bayonet and had to be sent
to the hospital. k
An Investigation soon revealed the
cache and Wick was placed under arrest.
From i what can be . learned it appears
that he brought the whisky down to the
ship labeled "ship's stores" In tomato
cases, In boxes marked "preserved
peaches" and again as "canned salmon."
¦ As such - it was put aboard and Wick at
once took • charge of it. He will now
have to answer in the United States Fed
eral court for his breach of the law.
Trouble on the Thomas.
William Lowe, who came home from the
Arctic on the steam whaler Baelena. has
been missing for over a fortnight, and his
friends fear he is drowned. He was "paid
off" with a big sum of money by the P,a
ciflc Steam Whaling Company, and being
a first-class whaleman was at once
"signed on" again as third mate of the
steam whaler Grampus. From that day
to this Lowe has neither been seen nor
heard from. Some of his friends think he
has been ahanghaicd. some think. h<f was
murdered, robbed and his body thrown
overboard, while many more think he got
drunk and walked .overboard while look
ing for his ship. The general opinion is
that Lowe is dead and that the Grampus
will have to secure a new third mate.
Have Lost His Life.
Mate of the -Whaler Grampus May
THE American ship Alex Gibson,
¦with Captain Holmes in command,
is once more'ln port. The run was
a long one and the old-time mas
ter mariner is disgusted. No man
afloat has made more voyages around the
Horn than Captain Holmes, and this
ranks as one of his longest.
The Alex Gibson left New York on July
1, and on the Fourth all hands celebrated.
From that on a series of light winds and
calms was encountered and at times no
headway was- made. For a fortnight the
ship did not average two knots an hour,
and then, during the only heavy blow of
the voyage, there was a fatality.
On September 7 S. H. Erickson fell over
board from the mizzen* topsail yard. He
fell clear of tho ship and a life line was
thrown him. He caught the rope and held
on. His shipmates attempted to haul him
in, but the ship was racing through the
water, and before the yards could be
thrown aback and>*The headway stopped
the unfortunate man- had let go his hold
on the life line and was lost.
As soon as the Alex Gibson was hove to
a boat was lowered, but no trace of the
missing man could be found. He was a
native of Finland and 50 years of age
Captain Holmes Is away past the three
score-and-ten limit, but still he is as hale
and hearty as any sailor In port, and it
was only a few years ago that he took
unto himself a wife.
¦ — ?
MISSING FOR TWO WEEKS.
; VALPARAISO— Sailed Dec 3— Ger stmr Ses
ostris, for San Francisco.
: MANILA—Arrlved Dec 4— Br stmr Port
Stephens.- hence Oct 25.
ANTWERP— Arrived Dec 3— Br ship Rhud
dlan Castle, from Tacoma.
¦ YOKOHAMA— Arrived Dec 19— Br stmr Chlng
"Wo, from Manila, for Portland.
FREMANTLE— Sailed Oct 17-Br ihlp Soco
tra, for Pucet Sound.
FOREIGN PORTS.
• . . EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Dec 5-Stmr Finance
and stmr' Michigan, from Colon. *~~^--i
. Sailed, Dec 5 — Stmr Alltanca. for Colon. .
CRESCENT CITY— Sailed Dec 8— Stmr Cres
cent City, for San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived Dec &-Stmr Ruth, from
Alasxa. Nov 4— Stmrs Progreso. Jeante and
Czarina, hence Dec L.
Sailed Dec 4 — Stmr Chas D Lane, ror Falr
¥oRT LOS ANGELES-Salled Dec 4-Stmr
Ncwsbcy, tor . *!PVK)fl
PORT TOWNSEND— Sailed Dec 4— ScJir Com
peer, for Kahulul.
Passed Inward . Dec 6 — Nor stmr Eldsvold.
from Pert Arthur.
VENTURA— Arrived Dec 5— Stmr Grace Dol
lar, from Grays* Harbor.
NEAH BAY— Passed out Dec 6— Stmr Mattea
wan. from Seattle, for Ran Francisco.
GRAYS, HARBOR— Sailed Dec 5— Stmr New
bunr,, and schr Jennie Stella, for San Fran
cisco,' echr A J West, fpr Manila; nchr Re
porter, for Honolulu; schr Eva, for Apia; »chr
C -T Hill, for Mexico. . 1
EUREKA — Arrived Dec 5 — Stmr P)mona,
Samoa and Del Xorte. hence Dec 4; stmr
Lnkmt?. hence Dec 3; schr Ida McKay, hence
Nov 27; stmr Homer, hence Nov 4.
Sailed Dec 5— Stmr Westport and schrs For
tuna and Sparrow, for San Francisco.
ASTORIA— Sailed Dec 5— Nor stmr Kvaxven.
for Port Arthur. ¦ .-
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Dec 5— S.tmr
Greenwood, henc* Nov 23.
VENTURA— Sailed Dec &-Stmr Grace Dollar,
for San Pedro. 1
BOWENS LANDING— Arrived Dec 5— Schr
Free .Trade, hence Nov 23.
COOS BAY— Sailed Dec 5. at 10 a m— Stmr
Empire, for San Francisco: stmr South Coast.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
Oct 2. lat 41 S, Ion 31 W— Br ship Mount
stnart. from Tacoma, for Queenstown.
Nov 20. lat 13 N. Ion 23 W— Ital ship Teocle
from Port Blakeley, for London.
SPOKEN'.
Per schr Reliance— While running a line In
a small boat at Rules Landlnc on Nov 23 th«
boat caoslzed and Charles Zaddart. first mats,
was drowned.
MEMORANDUM.
POINT LOBOS. Dec 5. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NE, velocity 12 miles.
TELEGRAPHIC.
Wednesday, December 5.
Stmr Iaqua, Bash, San Diego.
Stmr M^t'kinaw, Llttleneld. Seattle.
Strnr Queen, Thomas. San Diego.
Stmr Noyo. Johnson. Fort llrare.
Stmr Washtenaw, Zolllng. Tacoma.
Stmr Cleone. Miller, Caspar.
Stmr Despatch, Johnson. Astoria.
Stmr San Pedro, Zaddart. Eureka.
Mcx ttmr Mexico. Von Helms. Guaymas.
Br stmr Wellington. SalmSnd. Chemalnus.
Bark R P Rithet. McPhail. Honolulu.
Schr J M Weatherwax, Sorenson, Port Had
lock. • . .,..,.;,.. t
Schr Nettle Sundborir. Larsen. .
SAILED.
CLEARED.
Wednesday. December 5.
y,Iex stmr Mexico, Von Helms, Guaymaa
Mexican S S Co.
Bark R P Rlthet,- McPhall. Honolulu; Welch
& Co.
¦Wednesday, December 5.
Stmr Iaqua. Bash. 21 hours from Eureka*
bound south; put In to land passengers.
Stmr San Pedro, Zaddart, 36 hours from San
Pedro.
Etmr Fulton. Lerlnson. SO hours from As
toria. 1
Stmr Corona. Gielow, 58 hours from Newport.
Stmr Etireka, Jessen. 21 hours from Eureka
Stmr Scotia. Walvlg. 46 hours from San
Pedro.
Br stmr Bristol, Mclntyre, 3H day* from
Oyster Harbor.
Ship Alex Gibson, Holmes, 137 days from
New York. -»
Bark , Mohican, Kelly, 26 days from Hono
lulu.
Schr Maxim, Olsen, 5 days from Eureka.
Schr H C Wright. Nielsen. IS daya from
Hana.
Sehr Laura Pike. Hansen. 13 days from Coos
Bay.
Schr Reliance. Larsen. 43 hours from Stew
arts Point.
Schr Laura May, Hansen, 17 days from Grays
Harbor.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
Xotice Is hereby given that the Noonday Rock
bell buoy, red and black horizontal stripes, re
cently reported aa not sounding-, is now in
good working order.
Thla notice afreets the List of Beacons and
Buoys. Pacific Coast, 1900, page 18.
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
U. SEBREE.
Commander, U. S. N..
. Inspector Twelfth Lighthouse District.
Notioe to Mariners.
XOOXDAY ROCK. CALIFORNIA.
In addition to cargo previously reported the
steamer Australia, which sailed Tuesday for
Tahiti, carried the following, valu/1 at $6432:
S05S lbs bread, 107 ctls barley, yfri lbs bran,
2982 lbs beans, 34 colls cordage,'69 cs canned
poods, 42 cs coal oil, 11 cs dry goods, 5 cs
drugs, 130 bbls flour, 30 cs fruit, 23 crs furni
ture, a cs glassware. So pkga groceries and pro
visions, 51 cs hardware. 41 bdls Iron, 1000 feet
lumber, 10 crs onions. 15 cs oil. 27 crs potatoes
9 cs paint, 123) lbs rice, 4 keg* horse shoes. 60
cs 4 bbls salmon. 53 C3 sewing machines, 3 cs
turpentine. 19 pkga vegetables. 79 gals wine.
118 crs carriage and wagon material.
An Additional Manifest.
The Shenandoah loada wheat for Liverpool,
35a.-
Shipping Merchants.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
TrEWS OF THE OCEAN.
fornia for the trade in the Southern Seas.
The Nippon Maru sails for the Orient
to-day. She does not take away a big
crowd of passengers, but she has all the
freight aboard she can carry.
Take Him to Room, on Post Street
and Fleece Him at
Poksr.
An Italian named Paladinl, who recent
ly arrived in this city, is the latest victim
of bunko men. Last Tuesday he was
walking along Market street when he was
accosted by a well-dressed man who
represented that he was a dealer In oil
stock and Invited Paladinl to accompany
him to his room on Post street, near
Kearny, where he wanted to show him
specimens.
Paladini accepted the Invitation and on
entering the room he was surprised to
llnd three men seated at a table engaged
in playing a game of poker. After con
siderable persuasion Paladinl took a hand
in the game and soon lost all the ready
money he had, amountipg to $42 50.
He reported his loss to police head
quarters. ¦
BUNKO MEN ROB
ANOTHER STRANGER
After Mrs". Giddinga' Death He Noti
fies Her Friends on Van
Ness Avenue.
Another witness has been secured in the
caso of the death of Mrs. A. Giddings,
who died while belnj? operated upon by
Dr. Ernst A. Rohm last Tuesday morning.
He is George Spaulding, a hostler at the
Golden Gate stables. He informed the
Coroner yesterday that he saw Mrs. Gid
dinps coming out of Dr. Bohm's office at
2 o'clock last Saturday afternoon. Dr.
Bohm in his statement to the Coroner and
the police said that he never saw Mrs.
Giddlnjfs before 6:30 o'clock on Saturday
evening and that he knew nothing as to
tfhlef Deputy McCormlck yesterday vis
ited Mrs. W. P. Keyes at 607 Van Ness
avenue, where Mrs. Gladings had work
ed n<? ' a servant, and obtained an
portant statement from her. It was
to the effect that at 9 o'clock on Tues
dnv morning Dr. Bohm telephoned to her
to call and see him for the purpose of re
ceiving an important communication from
him She declined, the doctor being a
ptranger to her. At her request he came
to the house and informed her that Mrs.
Giddings had died under hid hands, and
requested Mrs. Keyes to say nothing
about his having called.
Dr. Bohm and Mrs. Alvina Schmidt are
still in the custody of the police.
DR. BOHM IS ACCUSED
OF FALSE STATEMENTS
NEW; YORK, Dec. 5.— On the outskirts
of New York City a colony of Boers is to
be established. Seventy families, who
have resolved not to live under the British
flagr, are to form a settlement between
Hicksville and Syoaset in Nassau County,
and apply to the rich farm lands there
the Industry that has enabled them to
win sustenance from the, barren African
veldt. This project is backed not alone
by Americans, but English capital. " IU
principal support,' however, comes from
the Boer refugee aid committee, com
posed chiefly of members of old Dutch
families in . America who have relatives
among: the Boer fighting men and officials.
A tract .of land which will permit the
allotment or from five to twenty-five acres
to each of the seventy families has been
purchased by the -committee. •The' first
members of the colony expected to
arrive here on December 23, coming by
way of Delagoa Bay and Marseilles. They
will be followed soon by others. Repre
sentatives of the executive committee of
the aid committee will taken them in
charge and provide for them for the win
ter. Some of them have money, but those
who lack- it will be supplied with funds
for the purchase of agricultural imple
ments, building material, horses, cows
and chickens. Mortgages repayable by
easy Installments are to secure the com
mittee apainst loss. The services of a
Long Island farmer have been obtained
and he will furnish settlers with hints as
to methods of getting the best returns
from their land. The affairs of the colony
for the time being will be under the con
trol of the executive committee. - Descend
ants of old Dutch settlers in Long Island
are expected to give practical proof of
their interest in the project.
- ¦¦¦ :; •••- -.-¦ •.-.:¦ ¦ ¦- ¦ . .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Engliih at Well as American Capital
to Aid Refugees .From the
Transvaal to Found
New Homes.
Will Form a Settlement on
the Outskirts of New
York City.
SEVENTY BOER
FAMILIES COMING
THE SAN FRAKGISCO CALL, THURSDAY DECEMBER 6, 1900.
HONGKONG— Sailed Dec ?— Stmr City ot:
Peking, for San Francisco.
SYDNEY- Arrived Dec 5— Bktn Newsboy,
from Port Gamble.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
LIVKRPOOL— Arrived Dec 5— Stmr Nomadic
from New York: stmr Oceanic, from New York:
stmr Kltonia. from Boston.
HONGKONG— Arrived Dec 5— Stmr Gaelic,
from San Francisco, via Honolulu, Yokohama,
Nagasaki and Shanghai: stmr Glenogie, from
Tacoma and Victoria, via Yokohama. Kobe and
Shanghai.
BOSTON— Sailed Dec 5— Stmr New England.
for Liverpool: stmr Bohemian, fr Liverpool.
Arrived. Doc 5— Stmr Port Steven*,
from San Francisco, via Honolulu.
SAMARANG— Sailed Oct 10— Stmr Royalist,
for Vancouver.
COLOGNE- Sailed Dec 4— Stmr Bulgaria,
from Hamburg-, for New York.
QVEENSTOWN— Sailed Dec 3— Stmr Invera,
from ' Liverpool. f>ir Boston. -Y»»**
• NEW YORK— Sailed Dec 5— Stmr St Ixrals.
for Southampton; stmr Nocrdland. for Ant
werp: stmr Teutonic, for Liverpool; stmr Guth
erl, for Bremerhaven.
Sailor on the Alex Gibson Falls From -Topsail Yard
and Is Unable to Hold Onto Rope Thrown Him.
DROWNED WHILE MESSMATES
ARE WORKING FOR HIS RESCUE
TO SAIL*
Steamer Movements.
13
TO ARRIVE.
Steairer. j From. . I Du«.
Due.
Geo. XV. Elder.jportland Deo. 8
Point Arena (Point Arena Dec. «
Crescent City.. Crescent City Dec •
Mandalay JCoqulUe River Dec. %
Santa Itora jSan Dlogo Dec 6
Arcata JCooa Bay Dec. «
Newburg (Grays Harbor Dae. 7
City Rio de Jan China and Japan ........ Deo. 1
North Fork Humboldt Deo. 7
Pomona Humboldt Dec 7
Rival YVMlapa Dec. 7
Empire. Coos Bay Deo. S
City of Para... New York via. Panama Dec. 3
City of Puebla. Victoria & Puget Sound Dec. S
Mattewan Tacoma Dec. 3
Santa Barbara. San Pedro Dec. 8
Queen San Diego Dec. 9
Konita Newport Dec. 9
Samoa Humboldt Dec. 9
Eureka Humboldt Dec. 19
Progreso Tacoraa Dec. 10
Columbia Portland Dec. IX
Hathor Hamburg via. Callao... Dec. 11
Corona Newport Dec. 12
Rainier Seattle Dec. 13
Arcata Coos Bay Dec 13
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. | Pier.
J. Kimball-jSeattle Dec 6. 10 am! Pier 3
Nip. Maru. China * Japan Dec. 6. 1 pmlPMSS
Umatllla ... Vic & P«t Sd. Dec. 7. II am Pier »
Curacao ... Mexico Dec. 7,10 am Pier II
Corona .... Newport Dec.- 7. tarn PlerH
Eureka .... Humboldt Dec. 7. Jam Pier 13
City SldneylX. Y. v. Pan. Dec 8. 12 m!PMS9
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena... Dec. 8, 2 pmlPier 3
Mandalay . CoqulIIe Riv'r Dec. 8. 10 amlPler 3
Kulton Astoria & Ptld Dec. 8, *pm!Pier20
Arcata .... Coos Bay Dec. 8. 12 m Pier 13
C. Nelson.. Humboldt Dec 8. 9 am Pier. 3
R. Dollar.. Seattle Dec 8. SpmlPler 1
Pomona ... Humboldt Dec 9. J pm Pier 9
Newburs .. Gray9 Harbor Dec. 9, 5 pm Pier Z
G. W. Elder Portland Dec. 9, 11 am Pier 21
Santa Ro«a. San Diego Dec. 9, 9 am Pier 11
Empire .... Coos Bay Dec. 10, 19am!Plerl3
North Fork Humboldt Dec. V>. » am Pier 2
Rival WlllapaHar.. Dec. 10. 5 pm Pier 2
AUlanca ... Portl'd & C.B. Dec 11, 10 am Pier 3>
Bonlta ..,.. Newport Dec. 11, 9 am Pier 11
Samoa (Humboldt Dec. 11. 10 am Pier 2
Queen ...... San Diego Dec. 12. 9 am Pier 11
Senator .... Vic * Pgt Sd. Dec. 12. 11 am Pier 9
Sierra Australia Dec 12. 9 pm Pier 1
C Time Tlmel Tlme| |Tim«|
£ Ft. 1 Ft. Ft. i Ft.
• L W }H W L W H W
« ... 4:14 S.I 10:28 «.S S:34 — 1.3
HW L.W HW LW
7... 0:43 4.7 6:04 3.2 11:12 €.4 «:20 -1.1
S ... 1:30 4.9 5:55 3.2 11:63 8.0 7:08j— «.»
9... 2:19 5.0 6:S1 S.2 12:4S £.6 7:43—0.4
10 ... S:04l 4.9 7:54 3.2 1:42 5.0 8:30 ».l
11 ... 3:501 5.0 9:C« 3.2 2:40 4.5 »:10 0.7
12... 4:33! '5.0 10:26 3.0 3:46 4.0 9:51 1.2
Steairer. j From. . I Du«.
Due.
Geo. XV. Elder.jportland Deo. 8
Point Arena (Point Arena Dec. «
Crescent City.. Crescent City Dec •
Mandalay JCoqulUe River Dec. %
Santa Itora jSan Dlogo Dec 6
Arcata JCooa Bay Dec. «
Newburg (Grays Harbor Dae. 7
City Rio de Jan China and Japan ........ Deo. 1
North Fork Humboldt Deo. 7
Pomona Humboldt Dec 7
Rival YVMlapa Dec. 7
Empire. Coos Bay Deo. S
City of Para... New York via. Panama Dec. 3
City of Puebla. Victoria & Puget Sound Dec. S
Mattewan Tacoma Dec. 3
Santa Barbara. San Pedro Dec. 8
Queen San Diego Dec. 9
Konita Newport Dec. 9
Samoa Humboldt Dec. 9
Eureka Humboldt Dec. 19
Progreso Tacoraa Dec. 10
Columbia Portland Dec. IX
Hathor Hamburg via. Callao... Dec. 11
Corona Newport Dec. 12
Rainier Seattle Dec. 13
Arcata Coos Bay Dec 13
C Time Tlmel Tlme| |Tim«|
£ Ft. 1 Ft. Ft. i Ft.
• L W }H W L W H W
« ... 4:14 S.I 10:28 «.S S:34 — 1.3
HW L.W HW LW
7... 0:43 4.7 6:04 3.2 11:12 €.4 «:20 -1.1
S ... 1:30 4.9 5:55 3.2 11:63 8.0 7:08j— «.»
9... 2:19 5.0 6:S1 S.2 12:4S £.6 7:43—0.4
10 ... S:04l 4.9 7:54 3.2 1:42 5.0 8:30 ».l
11 ... 3:501 5.0 9:C« 3.2 2:40 4.5 »:10 0.7
12... 4:33! '5.0 10:26 3.0 3:46 4.0 9:51 1.2
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. | Pier.
J. Kimball-jSeattle Dec 6. 10 am! Pier 3
Nip. Maru. China * Japan Dec. 6. 1 pmlPMSS
Umatllla ... Vic & P«t Sd. Dec. 7. II am Pier »
Curacao ... Mexico Dec. 7,10 am Pier II
Corona .... Newport Dec.- 7. tarn PlerH
Eureka .... Humboldt Dec. 7. Jam Pier 13
City SldneylX. Y. v. Pan. Dec 8. 12 m!PMS9
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena... Dec. 8, 2 pmlPier 3
Mandalay . CoqulIIe Riv'r Dec. 8. 10 amlPler 3
Kulton Astoria & Ptld Dec. 8, *pm!Pier20
Arcata .... Coos Bay Dec. 8. 12 m Pier 13
C. Nelson.. Humboldt Dec 8. 9 am Pier. 3
R. Dollar.. Seattle Dec 8. SpmlPler 1
Pomona ... Humboldt Dec 9. J pm Pier 9
Newburs .. Gray9 Harbor Dec. 9, 5 pm Pier Z
G. W. Elder Portland Dec. 9, 11 am Pier 21
Santa Ro«a. San Diego Dec. 9, 9 am Pier 11
Empire .... Coos Bay Dec. 10, 19am!Plerl3
North Fork Humboldt Dec. V>. » am Pier 2
Rival WlllapaHar.. Dec. 10. 5 pm Pier 2
AUlanca ... Portl'd & C.B. Dec 11, 10 am Pier 3>
Bonlta ..,.. Newport Dec. 11, 9 am Pier 11
Samoa (Humboldt Dec. 11. 10 am Pier 2
Queen ...... San Diego Dec. 12. 9 am Pier 11
Senator .... Vic * Pgt Sd. Dec. 12. 11 am Pier 9
Sierra Australia Dec 12. 9 pm Pier 1
BOUGHT, eold. rented, repaired: needles and
*hi;ttl#>s: r«"<Ju<-ed rates. 143 6th; phone Mint 5.
ALL k'.nds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing lowest rates; open even. 205 Fourth.
BBWUa MACHINES AXD SCPHLIES.
SLOT MACHINES.
BOUGHT and sold: new and second-hand; largt
c"!*p'-ar: very cheep. 11C7 Market. bet. 7th ft 8th.
PROPOSALS.
lEucceeeor to Flannacan & Gallagher)
DANIEL P. IXJNOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERJL
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln BcbooL >
Telephone South fcO.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
to MAJOH OFCAR-K. LONG. Quartermaster,
V. S. Vcls., Depot Quartermaster.
I'ROPOSALS for muslin— Depot Quartermas-
ter's Office, 38 New Montgom'-ry st.. San Fran-
•"Is^o. Cal., December Z, 193>--Sealed rropo-
rals. In triplicate, will b« received at this of-
fice until :i o'clock a. m.. Friday. December
li. 1900, and then opened, for furnishing 27.J00
¦ yard* tnuflin. Preference will be griven to ar-
ticles of domestic production and manufac-
ture, conditions of price and quality being
«qual flndudlr.g In the price of foreign pro-
; 'V.i-tion and manufacture tbe duty thereon).
end »uch preference will be Riven to articles
¦f Amrrlc&n production and manufacture pro-
duced on the PaciOc Coast, to the extent of
th* cf>n*umptlon required by the public eerv-
lr# thrre. The United States reserves the
right to accept or reject any or all proposals
«*r eny part thereof. Information and blanks
for proposals will be furnlsln-l on application.
Knvelope* containing proposals will be In-
*!orsHI: "Pmrosals No. 10K?" and addressed
BIDS 'WAJJTED — Notice ts hereby riven that
tealed prcpoeals will b« received by the Board
of Director* of the Veterans* Home of Call-
Sorcla. at its off.ee, room 13. 220 Sansome st..
- Fan Fra.nelsco. Cal.. up to 10:S0 o'clock a. m..
6ATtTKX>AT. December S. 1»00. and opened
Immediately thereafter in the presence of bld-
<5»*!T. lor furnishing and delivering- quarter-
master and commissary eupplies for the Vet-
erans' Home. Napa County. Cat. (railroad sta-
tion Tountvllle). for six months commencing
JSLnurr J. 1901. and ending Juae.SO. ltOL Sched-
ules wtth information and instructions for
r-'bm'.ttlnff bids will be furnished upon appli-
cation by tbe underelnsed. Bidders will care-
fully follow the conditions of the schedules
•nd no bid will be considered unless it j« jn
a.coor£ance with ruch schedules. Each bidder
must accompany bis bid with a certified check
upen some well-known and responsible bank-
ing house for at least 19 per cent of th«
amount of his bid. payable to C. Mason
Kinne. treasurer, conditioned that tbe bidder
will enter Into a (rood and valid contract upoa
notice of acceptance as required by law, Tba
board r*£erves the rirht to reject eny or all
t.cf and to order any quantity over or under
the unouct specified.
Address J. J. 6COVILLE. Secretary Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, room IS, 220 Eansome st.. San Fran-
cisco, CaL By order of the Board of Direc-
tors. J. J. BCOV1LLE. Secretary.
a:.V ATS barraina In typewriter*; any make.
Write for prices to L. & M. ALEXANDER,
119 Montgomery at.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— W«
•ell better machines fcr less mosey than any
house In the city: rentals. SJ. The Typewriter
Exchange, C5« California; telephone Main 268.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SC'PPLIKS.
ALL kinds bought. *o!d and repairing guaran-
teed. Charle* Plsrrrteck. IJIj MlFFlon. nr. 15th.
; V—
STORAGE AM) WAREHOUSES.
EEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mlssloa st;
lei. MaJn :s< ¦: Fhipplrig at cut rates.
WILSON BRCS., storage and morinc: covered
Vint. Tenth and Market; phone South 762.
PACIFIC Ptor&Re and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. K20 Fillmore r*. : phone Jackson 281.
CHEAPKPT and twrt In America— The Weekly
Call 16 raxes, sent to any address in the
Cmtefl Ftat«-s or Canada cne year for II,
po>t«pe fSJd.
LFAKT tin roofs painted and repaired. Rooms
36-37. 606 Montgomery, tel. Main 6523.
PAD tenants ejected for $1: collections made:
<¦«>- or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
<lSMoT5teom»-ry et.. rooms »-10: tel. K.M.
NOTICE — Abandoned children in the Roman
Catho'.lc Orphan Asylum since July 1. 1S39:
Irene Valdez. age « years; Laretto Duran. 7;
Madeline Duran. 6; Ray Cro&l. 8.
LADIIZS— Chirtiester's English Pennyroya. illis
ere the best; safe, reliable: take no other:
tend «e etamr« fcr particulars; "RelW for
Ladies" lr. letter by return mall: at firu*-
ri»t*. Cfcichester Chemical Co.. Phlladsl.. Pa.
JOHN M. KL.EIX of the John M. Kl»in Elec-
trical Wb. left la<>t Baaday morning to at-
tend the ei«*L'tricaI convention «t Chicago: h*
«:!! nl!«o £i> to N. T.. Boston. Phila. and
Wafh::.jtton. and experts to return by Xmas.
firECIAL, NOTICES.
Holiday Novelties
Our assortment has been selected from every quarter
of the globe for this particular month's business. Real-
izing that San Francisco was enjoying a very prosperous
year, our buyers bought a larger quantity of better
assorted Christmas novelties than has ever before been
displayed in this city.
Imported Scaris and Squares
Awaiting your inspection is a very extensive assortment
of centre pieces, scarfs, squares, doilies and table covers,
with plain or figured r silk centres with wide borders of the
finest Renaissance, Xrabian and Duchess lace at prices
from
$2.15 up to $57.50 each .'v
Embroidered Linens
This department contains a well selected assortment of
beautiful hand embroidered' linens in table covers, centre
pieces, scarfs, squares, glove, cravat and handkerchief
cases at prices from
$2.75 upwards
¦ I Sofa Pillows
Our assortment is most complete in artistically finished
pillows in a great variety of designs and colorings, tinted^
embroidered, painted and etched on satin de jean, satin,
silk poplin, canvas, linen and art ticking; some are
finished with cord while others have one, two and three
ruffles, prices ranging from
4p ** • \ *-* (L -*-* 4p *L •KJvJ CdL 1 1 ¦ y* f >
Leather Novelties.
A new shipment of imported novelties has arrived, also
a complete assortment of burnt leather articles at popular
prices :
Leather case and glasses 35c to 75 each
Case and thimbles 3oc each
Ink wells and case 65c to $2.25 each
Picture frames $1.25 to 4.25 each.
Work boxes $1.00 to SH.60.each .
Men's pocket companions 50c to $1.65 each
Smoking sets $5.25 to $8.25 each :
v Ornamental Baskets
We have them trimmed and untrimmed in a large
variety of. shapes, weaves and colors, suitable for office,
photograph, waste pa per, work baskets, nursery and
baby hamp'er baskets at prices varying from - :
75c to. $11.75 each
Write for our vew illustrated catalogue.
129 Kearny Street
WANTED— By Finrle man. room and b->ard
private (Matty Wr«em Addition, north of
Jsrkscn ft.: state terms. Box 47«. Call office.
noons a.\u doird waxted.
UECHASnC wants board end rr>->m In private
f«mi!v; South Park or Rincon Hill preferred.
Box G9. Call office.
13OArtr> sn3 rooms at 41J First St.. near Har-
rirrn.
IIOOMS AM) HOARD.
5-KLECT family hotel; c»w Interior: three spe-
cial Oiaaers weekly: rates to establish. 807
California st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
e\;h«"-r!r>tinr.s has been established at 10?*
CLAE8IFIED advertlstements and subscriptions
roceived at Call branch office. !!» Fillmore et.
VAN fCEES and Eddy— Furr.'?he<l rcoms :n pri-
vr>:r family. Bnx 61*. Call office.
?l"RK. IK- Front, sunny furnished room, sult-
aM» for one or two gentlemen.
TT'RTC. 541— 5ine!» fumlflied front room for
CTiiioir.an: private family.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 2S Eighth St..
r.*ar Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
F^T'TH OAK. f r >— Furnished sunny front room
JiOYAL UoBSe, :?5 F!lis st.— Incandescent light;
rcadinp-roorr.. trnnictne-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per mcht. 35c to $1 f.P; week. SJ f»
J^; n:or.!h. t-S to J30; elevator on ground floor;
r:---rr.f with hot and cold water; baths.
rOfEDALE House. S13 and SH Ellis «.— Roonas,
n-pht ;5c to ?1. »wk 51 CS to $4: open night.
k'KW ARLINGTON. 1C15 Market St.— Nicely
fum:?hed roorr.f. $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
OFAIIREI.L. ZC— Sunny furnislied rooms and
office*: elevator; electric lights: day. wk., mo.
MARKET. l^S. above shoe shop — Clean sunny
- fx>m*. douMe and single; come and see them.
Me CLELL AND. 2C0 Turk st.— Changed hands:
newly renovated: all rooms facing cither
-Turk or Jonee St.; rent reasonable.
MINNA. 861, corner Eighth-New furnished
bay-window luom. SI jxr wp?k; transient.
vary Cemeteiy. Please omit flowers.
LUND— In this city. December 6. 1«X>. Oeorfre
Clifford, beloved son of August and Dagmar
Lund, and brother of Paul Leslie L/und. a na-
tive of San Francisco, ogad 8 months.
McDONALD— In the City and Couiity Hospi-
tal. December 3. 1900, Thomas McDonald, a
native of Ireland, aged 49 years.
MOREHOUSE— In this city, December 5. 1900.
brated for the repose of his soul, commencing
nt 9 o'clock. Interment private. Mount Cal-
taking Company* 1203 Mission street, between
Eighth and Ninth.
LEAHY— In Pllar, Lu«on. Philippine Island.*,
November 30, 1S0O, Cornelius J. L*shy, »>e-
loved son of 'Mary Leahy, and brother of D.
F.. M. C. Bister M. Reginald and Kathleen
C. Leahy, a native of Ireland, aged 26 yeais.
R. I. P..
LILLY-In this city, December J, 1P<«. Fred-
erick F.. beloved son of Henry and Elltab«th
Lilly, and brother of Henry R. Ltlijr, a native
of New York, aged 21 years 2 months and TJ
days.
B^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-norrow
(Friday), at 8 o'clock, from the p^jioro «f
McAvoy X: Co.. 12J4 Market street, o^tween
Eighth and Ninth, thence to St. 1'eter's
Church. Twenty-fourth and Alabama streets.
r.hrrf a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
C7Nottc» of funeral hereafter. Remains at
the parlors of the Gantner & Guntz Under-
V:rrnent I^aurel Hill Cemetery.
KELLEHER-In this city. December 5. 1900,
Thomas Kelleher, dearly beloved son of Mich-
ael and Margaret Kelleher. and beloved
brother of John. Edward. Daniel. James,
Michael Jr.. Margaret and Aicnea Kelleher
and Mrs. EX Hogan and Mrs. J. Conerton. a
native of San Francisco, aced 17 yean 3
months and 23 days.
E7"Th« funeral will tak« place to-morrow
(Friday), at 9 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street- In-
streets.
HUGHES- In this city, December 8. 1900. John
Hughes, a native ot England, aged 64 years
7 months and 26 days.
Lane of Sacramento, a' native of Kennelgh.
Caherclveen, County Kerry. Ireland, aged 63
years
C^F"riends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Chvrch for services.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
HIRSCHFELD— In this city. December 4. 1900,
Walter, beloved husband of Llllle Hlrschfeld.
and father of Herold Hlrschfeld. a native of
London, England, aged 36 years.
ETFriends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow (Friday),
at 8:30 o'clock, at Masonic Temple, corner
Post and Montgomery streets, under the aus-
pices of Fidelity Lodge No. 120. F. and A. M.
Interment Hills of Eternity Cemetery, by 11:30
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
<Tl!Ursday). at S M o'clock, from her late resi-
dence,- 69 Rausch street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church. Tenth street, where a solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HATES— In this city. December 3. 1900. Bridget
Ilayes, sister of the late Thomas Hayes, and
aunt of Michael and Mary Stack and Mrs. J.
Cemetery by electric funeral c&r.
HAXLEY— In this city, December 4. 1900. Mar-
garet, dearly beloved wife of John J. Hanley,
mother of Willie and Margaret Hanley and
the late John, Julia, Elizabeth and Mary
Hanley. and sister of Mrs. W. A. Sutcllffe. a
native of Shropshire. England, agred 32 years
and 11 months. (Vallejo papers please copy.)
jrf7FriendB and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Thursday), at 2 o'clock, at the
chapel of the Odd Fellows' Crematory.
CARTHGE— In this city. December 4. 1900. Jud-
son. dearly beloved and only son of Charles
and Delia* Carthge. a native of Santa Cruz,
a^ei 3 years end 21 days.
5E7The funeral will take place this day
(Thursday), at &:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemeter;-.
DEAN— In this city, December 5, 1900, Edwin
Harrison, beloved husband of Cora Hooth
Dean, father of Florence E. and Raymond H.
I>ean. and brother-in-law of Mr. and Mrs. C.
6. Booth and Mr. and Mrs. George Fredrlcks
and Edith L. Booth, a native of New York,
aged 4* years 10 months and 23 days.
jCyFYlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully lnvli*Kl to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. €16 Guerrero street, between Eighteenth
and Nineteenth. Interment Cypress Lawn
E7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
l^ctember 8. at 10 o'clock, from the Congre-
gational Chun.il. Haywaids, Alameda County.
Intermtint San Lorenzo Cemetery.
BLOCHMAN— Mrs. Nanette Blochman, mother
ot L. E. and Hannah Blochman and Mrs. D.
V. Rosenthal. aged 70 years and 8 months.
BRADFORD— In this city. December 5. 1900,
Frederick A. Bradford Jr., beloved B<5r9 of
Frederick* A. and Louisa A. Bradford, a na-
tive at San Francisco, aged 5 years S months
and 13 days.
BROWN— In Wrights, Cal., December 3. 1900,
Helen Ruth, bf loved wife ot Martin A.
Brown, and mother of Newlouta. Elizabeth
and Phebe Valentine Brown, a native of
London, England, aged 31 years and 2 months.
JCTFViendg and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend a requiem high maw
for the re-pose of her goul at 10:30 o'clock this
day (Thuifiny), at the Spanish Church of
Nueetra. Henora de Guadalupe, corner Broad-
way and Masrn street. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery-
ANDEBSON-In the City and County Hospital.
December 4. 1900, Charles Anderson, a native
of Sweden, need 37 years.
BALL— In this city. December 6. l!K»0. Antonla
Ball, a native of Germany, aged &0 years and
6 months.
BARTHOL— In this city. December 4, 1900,
Margaretha, dearly beloved wife of Adam
Barthol. a native of Wurtemberg, Germany,
aged «S years 4 months and 15 days.
C/Tureral to-morrow (Friday), at 2 o'clock,
from her late residence, 463 Minna street, be
tween Fifth and Sixth, and thence to Odd
Fallows' Crematorium, where the remains
will b« incinerated. Please omit flowers.
BAXTER— In Riverside. December 3. 1900,
Gcoree C. Baxter, beloved father of Mrs. E.
K. Strobridsre. and brother of Mrs. Laura
Brown, a native of New York, aged 70 yean
1 month and Z dajs.
ANDRADE — Luisa Oceruera de Andrade.
dcariy beloved wife of Gulllervno Andrade.
beloved mother of Carmen lianuet, Edward
and Albert Andrade, Mre. Dudley Tait. Mrs.
W. C. Tait and Mercedes Andiade. a native
of Ounymas, Mexico.
DIED.
Andrade. Lulsa O. ce
Anderson. Charl-^s
Ball. Antnnia
Barthol, Margaretha
Baxter. George C.
Hloohman, Mrs. N.
Bradford, F. A. Jr.
Brown, Helen R.
("arthge. Judson
Dean. Edwin H.
Hanley. Margaret
Hayes, Bridget
Hirsehfeld. Walter
Hughes. John
Kelleher. Thomas
Leahy, Cornelius J.
Lilly. Frederick F.
Lund. George C.
McDonald. Thomas
Storehouse, John J.
Omari, S.
O'Nell. Thomas
Pergeaux, Armand
Perkins, Harriet H.
Schwarzschild. Louis
S*aburg. Pierre G.
Wagner. Gottfried
Wildberger Catherine
Wray. Therese M.
J.Af PALMAP, tO» Market st. -Suite of 2 or 2
. mit; private; bath; fin. rm«; board optional.
HOWAH.P. 10?: -Four rooms and bath.
IiARMN, n>S:— Large sunny room; gas and
rath: gentlemen preferred; private; reason-
able.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
¦• end Mission st*.— Sunr.y rocros, en suite or
fi^gl"; ladies' parlor; readinR-room: elevator.
CEART. So*! — Corner house; front rooms: other
roam*; piano, phone; privilege light house^-
'Koeping.
EIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be ln*ert<>d. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
eens authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
JONES— In this city. December 5. 1900. to the
wife cf J. Jor.es. a pon.
rYNB-In this city. November 30. 1P00, to the
¦wife cf Augunua T. Pyne. a daughter.
CEART.fK (The Navarref-EleganUy furnished
rm*: Fultes or singU ; travelers accommodated.
riFTH, 24S — Furnished front room: reasonable
CLIFFORD. Mi Ellis, ccr. Mason-Elegantly
'-..rr.islied runny rcoms; prices rraf arable.
BT"?H. 123 <The Elk)— Nicely furnished sunny
toi: day. 25c up; «k, SI 50 vp. Mrs. P. Ranft.
IsrRNF.TT. 1C6 Market (old No. 1364)— Fut-
niEhed rrns.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
y,_RrvrNS\VlCK How, 148 Sixth— Rooms 2ic
?n {: j'er nisht; SI 2i to $5 per week, and Sight
hruyekeeptng; oi-en all night. •
BOOKS TO LET — Fnrn. and I'nfnrii.
CLASSIFIED adv^rtiM-ments «-nd subscriptions
rece:»'O Nt Call »ir»in<-h rTAe*. IS 1 *) Flilmore «t.
• iccTA. ir?2— Nicely furnished alcove
n-<wr. ¦ lisjttt housekeeping; gas ar.d bath; use
. r ; laur.try-
A BRANCH otfi-e for Call advertisements anj
sabscrtpttoiM has been established at 10M
Valencia st.
Ealvmtor c'incimino. 21. 4 Filbert street, and
Brijrgetta Pabella. 18. 4 Filbert street.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Harry Hounslow, S3. 235 Kearny street, and
Clara D. Lembeck, 23. 235 Kearny street.
Frank W. Cooper, 27, Oakland, and Mamie
A. Carroll. 23, Oakland.
Thomas E. Healy. 31, 21 Franklin street, and
Dflla L. Curiey. 22. 119 Page street.
John J. Cronln, 22. S12H Bryant street, and
Sarah Lennon. IS. 11 Stevenson street.
Rufus A. Butler, 23, San Jose, and Laonore
E. Flemlrc 20. city.
John P. Glynn. 55. T140 Filbert street, and
Mar) ntrjjatrick. 65. 2140 Filbert street.
John K. La Rue. S2. Hotel Bella Vista, and
Marie K. JirMurry, 25. 905 Sutter street.
John H. Ryan, 2L city, and Mary A. Fol-
soni, II, city.
iT-.arles E. Philips. IS. 1004 Clay street, and
MAHRIAGE LICENSES.
i?7— Ijtrtse tunny room for a couple;
' glove; tlfl a month.
>•. :-45— Front room with folding bed and
I •• '.vitchrn. complete for housekeeping.
OCT A VIA. MCi, cor. Geary— One or two large
v. t-av wiDdow: mantel eras burners.
MARKET, nr. Mas»n— Larce mom and kit-
; en. folding bed. ta«. «10. Call 3«I Kearny ft.
DIVIDEND notice— The Giant Powder Com-
pany. Con.: A dividend. No. 14. of seventy-
five cents <75c) per share on the Issued capi-
tal «=tock of the company has been declared
payable at the of flee, of the company, 430
California st.. San Francisco, on December
10. 1H00. Transfer books close December J,
19O0. at noon. A. A. SPARKS. Secretary.
HARRTSON. Three rooms furnished com-
p!c» f">r fc ousel: eep'nsr; large yard: rent 111.
tjypt; Mb— SttBB>" Fulte. housekeeping, sult-
:,;> !<<r 3. ?2->: rear raites. yard, laundry, $12.
DIVIDEND Notice.— Dividend No. 22 (thirty
cents per share) of the Paauhau Sugar Plan-
tation Co.. will be pcyable at the office of the
company, 327 Market tt.. on a«d after Mon-
day, December 10. 1S00. Transfer books will
close on Tuesday. December 4, 1500, at S
o'clock p. m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
VIFTH S4S- Suite of rooms furnished for
bousekeeplas; rent cheap.
d US Jl^7— Nicely furnished alco\-e room ¦with
(rate f.3>1 running ¦water; housekeeping. "
CHESTNUT. I«~ Furnished rooms for hout«-
l.prring: Sne view: sunny corner building.
<7.a"(=TK<>. 4~ j . rr. 17th.— Hear. 2 nice sunny
.r^o:n»: Urge chicken yard; stable.
jtOOM« FOK HOUSEKEEPING.
rRAKNAX. 42", near Third— Two large, upper
.unfurnished rooms; rent $6.
IC7Frlen<l8 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9:45 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 713 Ouk street, thence to Sacred Hear*.
Church, corner Fillmore and Fell streets,
where a solemn requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Crosfc.
Cemetery.
FKKGEAUX— In this city. December 4. 1900,
Armand Pergeaux, a native of France, aged
63 years.
PERKINS— In Alameda, December 6. 1900. Har-
riet Hyde Perkins, wife of the late Rev. Al-
fred S. Perkins, and mother of Mrs. James
M. Bailey and Mrs. Grant Boyd, a native of
Norwich. Conn., aged 64 years.
E7 Notice of funeral later.
SCHWARZSCHILD— In this city. December 3.
1900. Louis, beloved husband of Amalia
Schwarzschild. stnd father of Mrs. Maurice
Hellman of Los Angeles. Mrs. Gus Harris of
Olympia, W r ash.. and Leontine. Adele and
Florence Schwarzschild, a native of Frank-
fort-on-the-Maln. Germany, aged 69 years 4
months and 23 days. (Los Angeles, Cal ,
Olympia, Wash., and lias tern papers please
copy.)
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
( Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2015 Buchanan street. Interment Home
of Poaoe Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train from
Third 'and Townsend streets. Kindly omit
flowers.
SEABURG— In Fresno. December 3. 1900. Pierre
G.. beloved son of Charles F. and Marguerite
SeaburFT. and brother of Marguerite Hensley.
Mary Petersen and Jane Wllke. a native of
£ap Francisco, aged 24 years & months and
8 daj'S.
Unfriends and acquaintances ara respect-
fully Invited tt> attend the funeral this day
?Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Halsted & Co.. 946 Mission street. Interment
Masonic Cemetery.
WAGNER— In Napa City, December 4. 1900,
Gottfried Wagner, brewer, ¦ beloved husband
of Minna Wagner, a native of Wurtemberg.
Germany, aged 57 years.
C7" Funeral at Napa City this day (Thurs-
day).
WILDBERGER— December 5. 1900. at the resi-
dence of her daughter. Efi3 Liberty etreet.
Catherine beloved wife of George Wildberger
of Napa. and mother of George, Julius and
Joseph Wildherger and Mr9. Louise Trimble,
a native of HesKe-Darmetfldt, Germany, aged
•&2 years 1 month and 12 days. •
WltAY-In this city. December 4. 1900, Therese
Marv beloved wife of S. Wray. and mother
of Irene and Ernest Wray. a native of Eng-
land, aged 51 years 8 months and 8 days.
ETTrlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Thursday), at 1
o'clock, from the family residence. 1858 Fil-
bert street, between Octavta and Laguna, In-
terment Masonic Cemetery.
John J., beloved husband of Melvlna More-
house, father of John. Mabel. Guy. Melvlna
and Clifford tforehouse, and brother of C. C.
Morehouse. a native ¦ of Bear River. Nova
Scotia, aged 37 years 3 months and 6 days.
OMARI— In the City and County Hospital, De-
cember 4, 1S00, S. Omari, a native of Japan,
aged 39 years.
O'NEIL — In this city, December 4. 1900.
Thomas, beloved husband of Georgia A.
O*Neil. and brother of James, John and Den-
nis J. CNell and Mrs. Mary Dalany. a na-
tive of County Wlcklow, Ireland, aged 54
years.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
ODD FELLOWS" Pavings Bank, room 7. 240
Montgomery St.— Dividend No. 17 in liquida-
tion, being two and three-eighths (2*») per
cent on ail deposits, will be payable at eald
bank on and after TUESDAY, November 20,
IM*0; total amount of dividends declared In
liquidation, eighty-nine and seven eighths
(SSTa) Der cent.
JAMES BENSON. Secretary.
San Francisco, November 19. 1900.
MAKRIED.
HTMAN— LITTLEFIELr*— In this city. No-
vember 29, ISiA Krank Hjman and Emma
Llttleneld. bcth of San Francisco^Petitions in insolvency were filed in the
United States District Court yesterday
as follows: Louis N. Martell, blacksmith
and teamster, Jackson, Amador County,
liabilities $2S48 23, no assets; W'_ B. White,
lawyer, Oakland, liabilities 5003 10, no
assets.
Health Officer A. P. O'Brien, has peti
tioned the Superior Court for a writ of
mandate to compel Auditor "Wells- to ap
prove telephone bills to the amount of
$15. Wells has so far refused to settle
with the company on the grounds that
there is no appropriation covering the ex
panses of the Health Detwtrtment tele
phones and that the telephone company
under an old ordinance owes the city more
than $200,000 In back licenses. Under the
charter firms owing the city cannot col
lect for service until a settlement has
been made with the city.
"Wants tiie Bill Paid.
Assistant District Attorney Eugene
Deuprey has been 'ordered into the cus
tody of the Sheriff for contempt of court.
His refusal to obey an order directing him
to pay his former wife, Florence L. Deu
prey, alimony in the sum of J1U0 a month
resulted in his commitment by Judge
E>alngerneld.
Mrs. Deuprey was granted a divorce on
December 23, 1899. and at that time Deu
prey was ordered to pay her alimony as
stated. He obeyed the order under con
siderable legrai persuasion until July last
He then refused to pay furt"her alimony
and was cited for contempt. He filed a
novel brief in his own defense and set up
the. plea that as he was an officer of the
court he could not be In contemot Sec
ondly, he maintained that he required all
of his salary of $300 a month for the sup
port of himself and second wife and hence
was unable to meet the order of the court.
His defense availed lilm not and he was
ordered Into custody. Deuprey will prob
ably take the case to the Supreme Court
on habeas corpus proceedings. '
Assistant District Attorney in Con
tempt for Failure to Pay His
"Wife Alimony.
OBJ>EBS EUGENE DEUPREY
INTO SHERIFF'S CUSTODY
Utirse and Interpreter "Wanted.
The United States Civil Servic« Com
mission announces examinations in this
city and elsewhere as follows: j
December 19— For the position of super
intendent and head nurse In the Tralnln?
School for Nurses In the.Freedmen's Hos
pital: unmarried 'women between 25 an-1
60 * years | of age preferred. _—¦
January 8— Chinese- Interpreter. Treasury
Department. Application forms Nos. 301
and 1141 should be sent for.
Between 10 a. xn. and 4 p. m.
To-day we will sell ladles' fine kid but
ton or lace shoes for $125, -worth $3 00 a
pair. One pair to each : customer and no
mall orders considered. The Standard,
1029 Market .street, between Sixth and
Seventh. . . *
ps"T|-5^HE Oceanic Steamship Company's
j 1 new palatial steamer Sierra was
I thrown open for inspection yester
1L day. For three hours the invited
guests came and went, and on
every lip ¦was praise for the handsome
mall boat.
When the Sierra arrived here from Phil
adelphia the was at once docked at Pa
ciflc street. There she was looked over by
the "wise men" on the front and pro
nounced "good." Then she was taken up
to the sugar refinery and lay there while
the Zealandla -and Australia came and
¦went. Early yesterday morning she came
back to her berth and will remain there
until she sails next Wednesday for Syd
ney, N. S. W., via Honolulu, H. I.; Pago
Pago, Samoa, and Auckland, N. Z.
All the visitors to the Sierra yesterday
were received by John D. Spreckels, pres
ident of the Oceanic Steamship Company.
Among those who looked the vessel over
were many men well known in business
circles and also a smattering of poli
ticians. Harbor Commissioners Kilburn.
Harney and Herold and Secretary English
were there and were loud, in their praises
of the new ship. ' .
Among the prominent guests who in-
Epected the Sierra with a critical eye was
Claus Spreckels. He went over the big
liner from stem to stern and suggested
here and there an alteration that will im
prove the comfort of the traveling public.
In the staterooms, saloon and dining
room of the Sierra there is every com
fort, and all that man can desire while at
sea will be found aboard.
In the second cabin the quarters are
luxurious, and many a first-class steamer
that comes into San Francisco does not
show as good accommodations in her first
class quarters, while in the steerage every
arrangement has been made for the com
fort of those who will travel In that part
of the ship. , _ .
All the staterooms on the Sierra open
into the saloon and dining-room. - None of
them open on deck. There will In conse
quence be no flooding of rooms when a big
sea breaks aboard. The steamer stands
well out of the water, however, and has
proved herself to be a fast and weatherly
ship, so it will have to be a big sea that
will break over her bow.
Standing high In the water, It was neces
sary to have a companion way by which
passengers could reach the upper deck of
the vessel from the wharf without any ln
convenience. Captain Howard, superin
tendent of the Oceanic Company, solved
the problem by having a movable staging
built. This consists of two short flights
of steps of easy gradient, and once on top
the passenger walks along the regular
In the Divorce Court.
Decrees of divorce were granted yester
day to Kate Lewis from Joseph Lewis for
neglect; Fanny Williams from Aleck Wil
liams for neglect; Winifred Llllls from
Oren LJllla for neglect, and "William J.
O'Rourke from Louise O*Rourke for cru
elty.
Suits for divorce have been filed by Hat
tie Maud Williams against Leverett M.
Williams for cruelty; Verames-C. Van Et
ten against Nettie C. Van Etten for deser
tion; Eliza Gardner against George F.
Gardner for desertion, and Henry R.
Crosbie against Cellla R. Crosbie for do
eertlon.
Italian-Swiss Colony.
Articles of Incorporation of the Italian-
Swiss Colony were filed yesterday. The
directors are P. C. Rossi. Andrea Spar
boro. Paolo de Vecchl. Adrian Merle and
C. A. Malm. The, capital stock la 11,000,000
of which $500 has been subscribed.
gangway aboard the,Bteamer. The stairs
and gangway are inclosed with canvas
and are very substantial.
- The Sierra will begin loading for Aus
tralia to-day, and. should the mails be on
time "will sail promptly Wednesday next.
OX THE FINE NEW AUSTRALIAN MAIL STEAMSHIP SIERRA DURING THE RECEPTION ON BOARD TESTER
DAY. THE OFFICERS OF THE OCEANIC STEAMSHIP COMPANY WERE ALL PRESENT AND SHOWED
THE GUESTS OVER THE HANDSOME VESSEL.
All the other witnesses were shown
the pin. but none had seen it before the
first trial. It was found behind the door
of the room adjoining that in which Mrs.
ClutP was killed. -V
S. B. McGKnigran, an employe of the
electric roads, was the only other witness.
He had occupied the whole house at 803
Guerrero street for three years preceding
June of 1S37. He was the last tenant be
fore the izpptr story was taken by Mrs.
Clute. He was shown the coupling pin
End he swore ho had not had such an in-'
ftrument in the house and that it could
not have been there, for before he left
the house for the last time he Inspected
every room on purpose to see If anything
had been left behind.
C. W. Mark was called as a witness
parly in the afternoon. He amplified the
Ftories of Mrs. Legg and Mr. Legg as to
how he was met at the telephone.
After going upstairs and seeing the man
there. Mrs. Legg says she ran aown, call
ing to her father-in-law as she went, but
i_t she went down she heard the man
come from the front room and she stopped
to listen. He came down the uppei hall
to the back stairway, down the back
stairway io the back door, unlocked and
unlatched the back door, and she heard
him step on the board walk of the yard
coming down the alley to the gate. She
heard him open the gate and then she
ioined her father-in-law on the front steps
to watch for the man who came out He
«as Hotf's build, she Said, he wore clothes
like Hoff. he carried a bag o£ tools simi
lar to the one Hoff had brought into the
{louse and although the bag hid most of
:is face she could Fee part of it. and she
saw he had a beard. She was willing to
ev.-ear it was Hoff.
Mrs. ij\-i-i± told the same story, but
auded several details to it. She showed
where sne was when she went up the
staiis ana saw the man in the front room,
slit said the man in the front room
looUed like lioft and wore the same
oicthes she had se*n on him. He stood
witn nis back toward her. She told, too,
how he came to the house about 1 o'clock.
i,ut rinding Mrs. Clute was not there he
went away again saying he would be back
and aduing that he had left his tool bag
there. Mrs>. L.eg« let him in ihe rirst time,
uncl noticed his clothes and tool bag. She
idenuried ftiem as exhibits in the case.
Then after Hoff had gune Mrs. Clute
tame in, letting herseit in with her own
key. Later as Mrs. Legg was <n her
kitchen she heard ihe door-bell ring, but
•is she had arranged with her friends to
ring twice when they wanted her. and
the bell rang but once, she did not go until
it rang a second time. Then she went as
lar as the door from the dining room into
the haii and when she opentrd that site
saw that Mrs. Clute had come down to
the door to open It, and she *aw Mrs.
Ciute let Hoff in and saw them both go
upstairs. It was a few minutes after this
tr.at she heard the screams.
The father-in-law of Mrs. Legg. George
B. L/O£g. iru on the stand during the
morning, but he made no such witness
lor the prosecution as did his daughter
in-law. He told how he heard the
screams upstairs, but he thought at first
they came from his Oaughter-ln-law. who
was then in the kitchen. She was com
ing out of the kitchen, having heard the
ecreams. too. when he went oack to ask
her what was the matter. She told him
the thought the screams came Irom some
children who were playing on the street,
but a* they stood in me nail tney heard
a heavy I ail upstairs.
ilrs. i-^egg raji into her room, and tak
ing her husband's revolver trom where "it
lay on the urcsser, she started upstairs
with it. Her father-in-law stopped her
and told her the had better not go up, be
cause if there should be trouble he could
not help her. She therefore left the re
volver vn her bed, but she went upstairs
anyway. Soon she came down, calling
that there was a man up there, and by
this time Mr. .Legg had tone out througn
the f roat door. She joined him there and
thev saw the man come out through me
alley at tiie side of the house, turn up
Guerrero street toward Liberty and dis
appear. Mr. Legg called alter him sev
eral times, but me man ijuickened his
steps and diii not answer.
Ucen Mr. i.> y.t± said he went over to
the grocery on me opposite corner and he
returned with the groeeryman, who went
upstairs and came uowu again, saying
mere wa& a woman dead upstairs. Then
ihe witness wt-nt over to the grocery
iigain to telephone for a doctor and he
lound C. W. Mark, present president of
the lioard of Kducatiun, at the telephone
trying to ring up rian Jose. He ex
plained the ciise to Mr. Mark, who tried
io ring up a doctor, and tailing in his
a.Ttcmjit ne started after one and tinaily
iound Dr. liinxan, whom he brought back
to the house.
The principal witness against Albert
HofC was en the stand before Judge Cook
yesterday afternoon. It was Mrs. L. A.
I>egg. who lived in the lower part of tiie
house In which Mrs. Clute was killed,
who saw Hoff go in. who heard screams
a.nd the sounds of a. struggle upstairs,
who saw a man she thought was HoCf
standing in the upper front room and
who heard the man go down the back
Stain, out through the alley gate and saw
lAm go out on the sidewalk and turn up
the street. The man who came out, she
said, was Hoff.
Testimony of George B Legg and
Mrs. L. A. Legg That Makes
Strong Circumstantial
Case Against Him.
Closely Connecting Him
With the Murder of
Mrs. Mary Clute.
PROSECUTION
WEAVING WEB
ABOUT HOFF
On cross-examination yesterday. Drury
Melone did not fly the boundaries of. the
line of. legal proof with the same spirit
of abandon that characterized his expe
rience on the stand Tuesday afternoon.
He had also exhausted hla passion to
dwell on /eminiscences of his old-time as
sociation with judge Wallace, but he re
mained true to his assertion of the day
before "that when the time came for the
settlement between himself and Judge
"Wallace of the Placerville bond matter,
then would all matters in controversy be
tween them be settled." "He admitted that
he kept no books, nor had he writings or
memoranda of. any of the items contained
In his cross-complaint. He relied solely
on his memory for the details upon which
he based his counter-claim, as he did for
his assertion that the day of the settle
ment of the Placerville case was to be the
day of judgment for all matters between
Wallace anu himself, whether they be
matters big or little, or great moment or
unimportant.
Me(pne was on the stand under cross
examination for some time before the
salient Issues of the controversy were
reached. Then he testitied that in 1881
Judge Wallace and the men Mr. Camp
bell characterized as "notorious repre
sentatives of potent factors in politics"
went to Sacramento to put In action ways
and means by. which they hoped to secure
legislation to facilitate the collection of
the Placerville bonds. Melone was ob
durate and refused to admit that he had
often, assisted by Judge Wallace and oth
ers prior to Judge Wallace's severance
with the case, endeavored to secure a
compromise with the Placerville officials.
Melone asserted that the people of Plac
erville first made the proposal by which
the compromise was effected, and said
that In that matter he asked Judge Wal
lace's advice as a friend, not as a lawyer
whom he had retained. "The lawyers In
the case did not want Wallace to inter
fere," said Melone. "They said he was an
obstructionist." » <
"Wallace told me before the settle
ment," continued Melone, "that his son
Ryland r would look out for my Interests,
but Instead of doing anything of the kind
he ran away to Europe. I was forced to
employ other lawyers, and when I com
plained to Judge Wallace of the neglectful
manner In which I had been treated by
his son he told me that Ryland was no
good anyhow — indolent and all that — and
that he could never have a cent of his
property. Consequently you can Imagine
my surprise when the Wallaces, father
and son, came to my office together some
months later and demanded a part of the
profit of the bond scheme.
"i was Indignant and held a conversa
tion alone with Judge Wallace. After
ward his son came into the room. We
were left alone and I told Ryland that lu
view of the conversation I had had with
his father he would better leave my
oitlce. Then Judge Wallace came back
Into the room and for the tlrst time in my
life I told him that I mistrusted him.
Judge Wallace, astounded at my asser
tion, put his hands to his temples and ran
out of the room."
In order to bring Judge Wallace's con
nection with the case up to recent years
for the purpose of contradicting Melone's
statements, Mr. Campbell presented the
witness with a letter written to him by
George W. Harwood at Syracuse, N. Y.,
in June of 1893. In this letter Harwood
etated that he would be pleased to meet
Melone and Judge Wallace regarding the
bond matter, but as his business was go
ing to keep him away from this city and
any cities they might visit It was Impos
sible, "but," the letter concludes, "I can
damn the Placervllllans." This letter
was added to the many exhibits.*
During the afternoon session Melone
testified that Porter Ashe and Assembly
man Dibble were both Interested In a- bill
introduced In the Legislature and Senate
in connection with the Placerville bond
case. He stated that Ashe was -in favor
of the case, not on account of a friend
ship existing between himself and Judge
Wallace and his son, but that he was in
favor of the bill because he heard that
Judge Williams, a relative of Tom Wil
liams Jr. of the racetrack, was openly op
posed to the bill. Ashe and Williams were
bitter enemies through some turf transac
tions and Ashe wanted to even an old
score. Melone said that Judee Wallace,
in 1SS8, owed him $10,000; that he held no
note or entry In his book of the amounts
that Wallace owed him. When asked by
Campbell if this was not a very unbusl
ness-like way of handling his finances,
Melone said that he had at that time ex
plicit confidence in the Judge, but he was
aware of the fact If Wallace had died
that he would not have received a cent,
as he had no records of Wallace's indebt
edness.
It was wrested -from Melone by Camp
bell that $1000 of the $10,000 was charged
as a commission for placing a loan with
the Spring Valley Water Company in 18S8.
The corporation borrowed $150,000 from
the Judge at 4 per cent, said Melone, and
at that time the Spring Valley company
was making vast improvements and was
borrowing large sums of money. Camp
bell attempted to prove that it took only
a portion of a day's work on the part of
Melone to place the money, which In
cluded a short conversation with Charles
Webb Howard, president of the company,
which occurred on the street.
Melone denied that there was an agree
ment between himself and Wallace to the
effect that he was to furnish the money
and Wallace the brains In connection with
the floating*- of the bonds. He also denied
that he ever made any agreement with
Ryland, the son of Judge Wallace, in con
nection with the case. Melone aald that
he did not owe Ryland a cent for services.
He said that he had a written agreement
¦with the Judge and that he was under
the impression that any work the son did
on the case , was in the interest of the'
father. ,
Daniel Meyer was called to the stand
and furnished much fun. His shrewd
business methods were ironclad, to say
the least. He stated that he was ap
proached by Drury Melone In connection
with the Pacific Bank affair and told that
Judge . Wallace would make a good at
torney for him. Ho thought the matter
over and came to the conclusion that It
would be a good move. Wallace said that
he would -not handle the case for less than
a contingent fee of $10,000. Meyer accept
ed the proposition. L*ater Wallace sent
word that he would not handle the case
for less than $15,000. Meyer then made a
unique proposition to the Judge. He said
that he wotold pay him $15,000 if he won
the case, but that he would require Wal
lace to deposit . $3000 with him, which he
should lose if he lost the case. This was
not agreeable to Wallace and they finally
compromised by Wallace accepting $2500
as compensation for his services.
Meyer was asked by Campbell why Wal
lace tried to raise him from a ten to a
fifteen thousand dollar fee. He answered:
"A lawyer is never satisfied." H» was
dismissed .amid laughter. •¦"..-
- ". -¦:,":¦:¦¦'' - 7 ¦
Daniel Meyer Furnishes Comedy of
Proceedings With Inscription of
His System of Employing
Xegal Talent.
Jurist's Shock Over an
Arraignment.
D. Melone Thus Describes
WALLACE CLASPS
HIS TEMPLES AND
FLEES THE ROOM
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 6, 1900.
HANDSOME MAIL STEAMER SIERRA
THROWN OPEN FOR INSPECTION TO
LARGE NUMBER OF INVITED GUESTS
Petitions in Insolvency.
14
SPECIAL SALE!
Thupsday-Friday-Saturday.
All the novelties of the season, such ma
F1S9. N'uts. Dates. Raislas, Bon Boos.
Tree Ornaments, Candles. Imported and
domestic "Wines and Liquors, Havana
and Key West Clean. «tc. «tc
Teas, 6 varieties lb 40c
Fresh and fragrant. Regularly SOc
Malt Breakfast Food, 25c
Very delicious and easily digested. Rera-
larly 15c.
Cof»lcts»i1<: "VelT«f v- pint* ptnt» qts
isUdVLcLlIS, Brand. JOc. 40c 75c.
Manhattan. Martini, Gin, etc.
Regularly 23c, 60c, «. mad* from choicest
Ingredients.
String Beans. . .2 cans 25c
"S. & W." brand— best to ths market R*i-
ularly 13c a can.
Dates... 2 lbs 25c
Choice new Fard dates. ¦-"•:".
Sweet Pickles, pint jar 20c
Prepared by II. J. Heinz Co.. finest kau»a
brand.
Laundry Soat), 7 cakes 25c
This Is oar Ideal brand and sells r*s*olarty
at S cakes for 25c
Key West Cigars—
"La Blneerldad"— Victorias, each 10c
Petla de Santiago, each ....—_ 6c
These are c!«ar Havana st>oda and the
greatest bargains In all San Francisco.
COUNTRY 0SDES3 RECEIVE PR02IPT
ATTENTION. CATALOGUE TRSX.
Telephone. Main 6S22.
39 STOCKTON ST., neap Market.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Oakland Off Ice— 62 San Pablo Ave.
Office 10O4- Market Street
Telephone— South 42O,
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Are 'you content with Indifferent or pos-
itively unsatisfactory laundry work, or «i<>
vou desire something better? You can
pay your money and take your choice."
With us you may be certain of launder-
in? that cleans clothes, that makes them
leave here properly Ironed and folded.
Your choice, then, will be a wise one If
you fix upon us. -i.".- -
Domestic finish for full dress shirts II
you order it. No saw edges.
WHICH?
f\ I ft* r\ fill 1 I Corner Fourth aad
vaiUea checked fi«~
¦ Has it ever . struck you that you can' buy
Jesse Moore "A A" whiskey for almost the same
price that Is paid for ordinary whiskey? v Your
dealer ba« it. ' ..•'. . •
V. RORCOE aioXriYTY. M.D.
20,'; Kearny ?»f., San Francisco, C^V
DR.M5NDLTY.
mniSWEri-KSOWNAyDRRLMBt,B OLD
L .specialist r"rej Blood Poison. «JonorrhCB».Gle»t.
Stricture N-mi:>iil Wraknw. In". potf neoanU tbelr
allied Disorders. Book on Diseases of Men. freet
Over"0year*>xperetiee. Terms reasonable. Hour*,
9to3daIly;6:30to'J.30ev'(n. San<tirs,10to li O>n.TOl-
tation free and sacredly confidential. Call or address
*JjT\ \ Js s^^&?& cannot be cured by
ISSSClJLjf <^ V^-4'J talves. lotions, com-
iaSr^SE5w^v-«*^''S^' non trusses, or
|33SaBS*«§»!!!^-^ "Quack" operations.
l-S&P&P^R- PltRCE'S MAGNETIC
i JM\ ELECTRIC TRUSS" Is dlf-
1 yj2t\ fe ent It does the work I
' fmi information. Call or writ*
for it.
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.
G2O Market st. (opp. Palace Hotel), 8. T.
Delicate
Elite French China.
Surpassingly beautiful.
The colors of the rainbow with
the gold of the sun.
Tea and Chocolate >
Pots, Sugars and
Craams,\Cako Plates
Cups and Saucers
Brush Trays, Pin
Trays, Bon Bons
;,• Everything that's
beautiful ¦
Our Prices j
Just Like Finding Money.
Great AmBTicanlmportinff Tea Go.
CITY STORES.
210 Grant Ave., bet. Post and Suttcts
861 Market St., opp. Powell.
I4O Sixth 6t. I4IOPoIkSt. ' i r
112 Third St. 1819 Devlsadero St,
146 Ninth St. 2008 Fillmope St.
SOO6 Sixteenth St. 521 Montgomery At.
2S16 Mission St. ' 3283 Mission St.
705Lark!n 6t. V 2732 24th St. I
855 Hayes St. 475 Haiftht St.
62 Market St.
OAKLAND STORES.
1053 Washington St 1237 Broadway.
118S 23rd Ave. 616 E. I2th St.
1S1O Seventh St.
ALAMEDA-1355 Park St.
SAN RAFAEL-B St.. near Poarth.
The "DANN" RECLININ6 CHAIR ' .^^
A Handsome Christmas fijffiSygf
Easy and Comfortable. /trKtSffif
Price $15. Come and sec It.
W. A. SpHROCK,
" 19 New Montgomery Street.
Trunk* St traveling baps. Before buying tee
our "tureau trunk." A. B. Smith Co.. 128 E1U«.»
* ADVERTISEMENTS.
t, ', • .¦ \ T' i>aS3^y$ir Santa's route to-
Proclaimsthisto.be lj ESRw starting at
the best and prettiest r , ',^T om i^ '////, ) 1] ,, , •« K
kid body doll he XStfi*M*@Ml one o'clock, will be
ever knew at Eg&OSi Jb@£§&£&/ from Market to
98c ' fflmwrnnL Oak - to Octavia '
Ma*i C lanterns. M Ml % £ McAllister, to
each 45c ////'///*.! M\\\\\ A F 1 1 1 m o r e. to
t, , ' , . I Ml! M ml ' I 1 1 Broadway, to Lar-
eac B h OI i:?r!.? h ! 5 3 S c Jfl| I ill I "»• -d »
-¦'..v 1^ Will' U I e% the store at 4
Stable with two £ wcw %m& M '~s3 o'clock. He holds
norses and cart.2«Je i*^- _._, .- - t. •
iiS ** !^^ ? w- <^^ audience in the ice
Folding d o 1 1 s' J«f yf J palace only be-
swinjrs— each ...2.1c yj& |bA tween io and 12
toy ships, each *"^^fe o'clock in the
25c fi^ morninjf.
• •
- Our plove orders are jrood for glov^es or other merchandise to the
same amount at any of Hale's California stores. Send them to your
friends. Nothinjr makes a more sensible or acceptable cift.
75c faces at 25c.
Cream, white and «crn all silk chantllly laces In a grreat variety of patterns,
rultable for holiday fancy work, neckwear and dress trimmlnc— 3 to 10 Inches
•wide— worth straight up to 75c a yard.
Choice 25c a yard.
Some new offerings in
suits, s farts and furs.
Don't Judge quality and style by the price, they are all that the mott partic-
ular could desire, notwithstanding the low figures quoted.
Stylish tailor-made suits of home- Handsome black taffeta tllk separate
spuns, coverts, Venetians and cheviots — dress sklrta. Made with a deep accor-
ln black and different shades of gray. dlon-pleated flounce and beautifully ap-
brown and castor. New style French pllqued drop skirt. Percaltne lined and
black eton and fly-front jackets. Skirts velveteen bound. Here at the price slm-
cut after a late model. Such splendid ply because the maier had too many.
»ults never cost so little before..*10.00 Only $1O.75
__ ._. . Persian Iamb collarettes with circular
Electric seal coats— 24 Inches long— frill of marten on collar— 12 Inches Ion*
made double-breasted style with high —each $10.00
storm collar-lined with skinner satin- Astrachan scarfs-ornamented with
each $20.75 six marten talla-each »2.5O
Market street, near Sixth, opposite Colden Cato-ovenue.
Hole's.
Hole's.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE
Money-Saving
FURNITURE and CARPET
HOUSE.
We ¦will save you money by buying your
Househqld Goods and Holiday Presents
Every Article in Onr Store
Marked in Plain Fignres.
REMEMBER, we £ive
10 % OFFJOR CASH !
Our New Goods Have Arrived.
NOW IS YOURliME TO SELECT
HOLIDAYGIFTS.
SPECIAL BARGAINS IN EVERT DE-
BFEt( FARTMENT.
CASH OR CREDIT,
Jim Fnrniture Co.
4015-1017 Market-Street,
OPPOSITE TAYLOR 8T.
* OPEN EVENINGS.
' Vlbc perfection 6fy
i ' bdttlkU'tie DjamiERY :
':\SyBE?A6|CdWTOLJE50"ME-.-.' '
(fafmtteMerfcd/Vepdrfments of the
U.S.ARMY $NAVY Service-
William Wolff & co.
¦ San Francisco, distr.butors.
l ' !llllll '||f'rTT?>^ii
£=? 1212-1214 MARKET STREET, *g\
3 Between Taylor and Jones. g
| UNDERSKIRT SPECIAL. !
= We will sell you a skirt for ;
= ©I.^«3 i
= that- looks like taffeta silk, but will =
= wear better; trimmed with 12-incn r
- lined ruffle of accordeon plaiting— 5
5 regular ?rice of this skirt i» $3 50. E
= UNION SUITS. i
- Women's Onelta Wool Mlsed Union =
i Suits, all sizes In gray or =
3 tan— on sale at ,• »^v** =
3 Juet received a new lot 01 :
3 WOMEN'S GERMAN FLANNEL =
a WAISTS, all sizes and colors. Come =
3 early, as they won't last *7 *
= lonp— on sale at...f * %J\* =
= WOMEN'S WRAPPERS. .... : ;
E Made of best Vicuna Flannelette; =
= bretelles, collar and cuff« effectively ;
= trimmed; skirts flounced or plain; e
1 . waist lined; regular ' price Q^Cr' ' -
= $1 25— on eale at :wOC |
= FLANNEL GOWNS =
: That are sold all over * at <1— we :
= place them on sale to-day— *"? O« =
1 in all sizes and colors — at.. * U\* =
i CHILDREN'S COATS. ¦ -¦ _ =
= -We only have abour30 CO QK =
= of these coats left. In OXiOO =
1 blue and red-will eurely close them e
i all out to-day at $2 35— worth $3 7o. =
= We have 100 different other styles |
= from Jl 50 to $6 50. Yoji'll be wise =
E to examine our stock before pur- =
1 chasing— remember we're manufac- =
I THOMPSON'S STRAIGHT FRONT |
= MILITARY CORSETS, made of best =
= quality ¦ sateen— all sizes— sold all :
E over at $1 5fr-our price $1 # 0() |
1 HANDKERCHIEF SALE. |
I If you intend buying handker- =
1 chiefs don't fail to visit our depart- =
= ment— we'll eurely save you money— =
1 look over *° me ° f Tu'k Embr6l- I
= itC d e r e d Hander- =
~ «9t*« chiefs Be 5
= ' (MO^pU Lawn •¦ Hani- =
; • $*" S» kerchiefs . — em- =
E «Vf broidered all |
• = T*3/ round edge. ..10c |
- ifrK - - Lawn . Hand- =
i tC^^&Z^^ kerchiefs, edged 5
" /^SKmM with fine lace... |
! /¦ilBIl 'Linen Handk?^ ¦ |
I 'JKA W \WA chiefs. trimmed =
I'/IWtM W\ Mil wtth point d'es- - i
¦i t(^\\¥ffl!i/i prlt lace - worth =
1 >l§Jili 1 lift 60c 25c i
: stiB .Handkerch i e r =
= psr I I ill! I b° x 8l V€n away =
i /Mil \ 1 Vuu fr f e , with each =
i Ir it 1 !lli> half dozen hand- k
I V!1U| I M ! RIM kerchief*. , .,. . =
The Regina
'«' Christmas
In giving a person a Regina Mu-
sic Box for Christmas you are
making a present that will last a
lifetime and at all times serve as
a pleasant remembrance.
The Regina Is the most simple
of all music boxes, plays tunes by
the thousands, using lnterchange-
< able eteel tune sheets, and comes
in elegantly finished oak or ma-
» hogany; prices $10. 517. $20. $38, $45,
i $50 and upwards.
A short stroll through the Re-
erina rooms on the second floor of
Sherman. Clay & Co. will make
your Christmas giving easy and
only a matter of a short time.
| Sherman, Clay & Co.,
j Sleinwaj Piano Dealers,
j Cor. Kearny and Sutter *ts.. S. F.
I Cor. ISth and Broadway, Oakland.
Cor. Park and Washington, Portland.
7U Second ave.. Seattle.